INPUT: American, burgers, virgin olive oil, onions, Kosher salt, pepper, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lamb Burgers | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: Extra-virgin olive oil; 2 red onions, 1 cut into 1/4-inch dice and 1 sliced for garnish; Kosher salt; Pinch crushed red pepper; 2 cloves garlic, finely smashed; 1 1/2 pounds ground lamb; 1/2 bunch fresh dill, finely chopped; 1/2 bunch fresh mint, finely chopped; 2 sprigs fresh oregano, finely chopped; Zest of 1/2 lemon; 4 Whole-Wheat Pitas, recipe follows, or 4 seeded hamburger buns; Pickled Feta Spread, recipe follows; 1 beefsteak tomato, sliced for garnish; 2 cups baby spinach, for garnish; 1 1/4 cups warm water | INSTRUCTIONS: Coat a large saute pan with olive oil, toss in the diced onions and season with salt and crushed red pepper. Bring the pan to medium-high heat and cook the onions for 3 to 4 minutes. Add the garlic and cook for 2 to 4 more minutes. Turn the heat off and let cool. In a large bowl, combine the lamb, the cooled onion mixture, the dill, mint, oregano, lemon zest and 1/2 to 3/4 cup water. Sprinkle with salt and combine well. Make a little "tester patty," cook it and taste for seasoning. Preheat the grill. Form the lamb mixture into 4 equal patties and sprinkle with salt. Grill the burgers to your d <END>
INPUT: bananas, peanut butter, semisweet chocolate chips
OUTPUT: TITLE: Stuffed Chocolate and Peanut Butter Baked Bananas | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 whole bananas; 4 tablespoons peanut butter; 4 ounces semisweet chocolate chips | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 450 degrees. Lay the bananas so the ends are pointing up. Using a knife, cut a slit down the inside top so you can open it like an envelope, careful not to rip open the peel. Spread 1 tablespoon of peanut butter inside each banana and sprinkle with chocolate chips. Close the peel of the banana up and wrap the entire banana in aluminum foil. Place the bananas on a baking sheet and transfer to the oven to bake, about 10 minutes or until the insides of the banana are soft and warm and the chocolate is melted. <END>
INPUT: coffee, cake, sugar, cinnamon, Bisquick, buttermilk
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cinnamon-Walnut Coffee Cake | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup (scant) finely chopped walnuts; 6 tablespoons sugar; 2 teaspoons ground cinnamon; 3 cups Bisquick (buttermilk baking mix); 3/4 cup buttermilk; 1 large egg; 4 tablespoons (1/2 stick) unsalted butter, room temperature; 3/4 cup powdered sugar; 5 teaspoons (or more) whole milk; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 400°F. Mix walnuts, 4 tablespoons sugar and cinnamon in small bowl. Mix Bisquick and 2 tablespoons sugar in large bowl; add buttermilk and egg and stir until sticky dough forms. Turn dough out onto work surface sprinkled with Bisquick; knead 6 to 8 turns until smooth. Roll out dough to 12x9-inch rectangle. Spread 2 tablespoons butter over, then sprinkle with walnut-sugar mixture, leaving 1-inch border on all sides. Starting at 1 long side, roll up jelly-roll style. Press roll to flatten slightly. Transfer, seam side down, to ungreased baking sheet. Using sharp knife, make cross <END>
INPUT: Asian, sugar snap peas, sesame seeds, oriental sesame oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sugar Snap Peas with Toasted Sesame Seeds | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound sugar snap peas, stringed; 1 teaspoon toasted sesame seeds; 1 teaspoon oriental sesame oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Steam sugar snap peas until crisp-tender, about 3 minutes. Transfer to bowl. Toss with seeds and oil. Season with salt. Steam sugar snap peas until crisp-tender, about 3 minutes. Transfer to bowl. Toss with seeds and oil. Season with salt. <END>
INPUT: hot chocolate, orange brandy, dashes orange bitters, whipped cream, orange
OUTPUT: TITLE: Orange Brandy Hot Chocolate | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 8 ounces hot chocolate; 2 ounces orange brandy, such as Grand Marnier; 2 dashes orange bitters, optional; Sweetened whipped cream, for topping; 1 orange, for zesting | INSTRUCTIONS: Into a cup of steaming hot chocolate, stir in the orange brandy and orange bitters if using. Top with a dollop of whipped cream, then eat a few spoonfuls of whipped cream if no one is looking. Zest some orange over the whipped cream for aroma and prettiness and to impress your dinner guests with very little effort. <END>
INPUT: Italian, spiced, sauce, penne, onion, olive oil, hot pepper, anchovies
OUTPUT: TITLE: Penne with Spiced Tuna Sauce | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 12 ounces penne, cooked until al dente; 1/4 cup chopped onion; 1/3 cup olive oil; 1 small whole dried hot red pepper; 4 anchovies, finely chopped; 1 small red and yellow bell pepper, finely julienned; 1 stalk celery, cut into 1/8-inch dice; 2 tablespoons capers; Two 6-oz cans tuna fish, packed in oil, drained and crumbled; Salt to taste; 2 tablespoons chopped Italian parsley for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Boil pasta until al dente. Saute onions in olive oil for 5 minutes or until translucent. Add hot pepper, anchovies and whisk in until anchovies dissolve into a paste. Add peppers and celery and saute for 5 minutes or until tender but still somewhat crunchy. Stir in capers and tuna and cook just to warm the tuna through. Season to taste with salt; remove hot pepper; add black pepper if you wish. Drain pasta and return to pasta pot; add sauce and toss; transfer to serving bowl & garnish with parsley. <END>
INPUT: unsalted butter, shiitakes mushrooms, garlic, rice, Kosher salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Baked Shroom Rice | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 8 ounce shiitakes mushrooms, sliced; 2 cloves garlic, minced; 1 cup white rice; Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper; 2 cups low-sodium chicken stock | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Over moderately-high heat in an ovenproof saucepan, melt the butter until the foam subsides. Add the mushrooms and saute until golden brown, 4 to 5 minutes. Add the garlic and stir until fragrant, about 1 minute. Add the rice and stir constantly until the rice is coated and lightly toasted. Season with salt and pepper. Add the chicken stock and bring up to a boil. Cover with a tight fitting lid and cook on the middle rack in the oven until all the liquid is absorbed and the rice is tender, 17 to 20 minutes. Remove from the oven and let stand, covered, 5 minut <END>
INPUT: wraps, eggplants, sunflower oil light, mixed herbs, spinach, sundried tomato
OUTPUT: TITLE: Eggplant Wraps | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 medium/large eggplants; 2 tablespoons sunflower oil or light olive oil; 1 tablespoon dried mixed herbs; 14 ounces spinach; 16 sundried tomato pieces, marinated in olive oil; 3 tablespoons pine nuts, lightly toasted in a hot frying pan (no oil needed); 5 ounces sharp Cheddar, cut into 16 slices; pinch sea salt; black pepper, to taste | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350°F. You will need a large non-stick baking sheet. Cut the woody top off each eggplant and discard. Slice each eggplant lengthwise into 8 pieces (16 in all) about 1/2 inch thick. Mix the oil and the herbs together in a small bowl or cup. Lightly brush each slice of eggplant with the herby oil on both sides. Heat a large frying pan over medium heat and lay as many pieces of the eggplant in the pan as will comfortably fit. Fry each side until golden brown and softened, which should be about 3 minutes per side. When all the slices are cooked, set them aside. Wash the spinach <END>
INPUT: pizzaiola, Pekin duck breasts, oil, salt, pepper, tomatoes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Duck a la Pizzaiola | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 white Pekin duck breasts; 3 tablespoons oil; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 1/8 teaspoon pepper; 1 pound peeled whole canned tomatoes (preferably San Marzano); 3 potatoes, quartered; 2 onions, diced; 2 green peppers cored, seeded, and sliced lengthwise into 1/2-inch pieces; 2 teaspoons oregano; 1/8 teaspoon red hot pepper flakes | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Heat oil in a saute pan over medium heat. Season duck breasts on both sides with salt and pepper. Saute breasts until browned. Flip over, and brown other side. Transfer the duck breasts to ovenproof dish. Add crushed tomatoes, potatoes, onions, peppers, oregano, and red hot pepper flakes. Braise in oven, uncovered, for about 30 minutes or until duck is tender. Adjust seasoning with salt and pepper. <END>
INPUT: beans, olive oil, garlic, parsley
OUTPUT: TITLE: Green Beans with Garlic, Lemon, and Parsley | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 pounds green beans, trimmed; 2 tablespoons (1/4 stick) butter; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 2 large garlic cloves, minced; 1/4 cup chopped fresh parsley; 1 tablespoon grated lemon peel | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook beans in large pot of boiling salted water until crisp-tender, about 4 minutes. Drain. Place beans in bowl of ice water to cool. Drain well. Melt butter with oil in heavy large skillet over medium-high heat. Add garlic; stir 30 seconds. Add beans; sauté until heated through, about 5 minutes. Stir in parsley and lemon peel. Season with salt and pepper. Transfer to platter. Cook beans in large pot of boiling salted water until crisp-tender, about 4 minutes. Drain. Place beans in bowl of ice water to cool. Drain well. Melt butter with oil in heavy large skillet over medium-high heat. Add gar <END>
INPUT: American, kosher salt, all purpose flour, vegetable shortening, eggs
OUTPUT: TITLE: Bourbon-Brown Butter Pecan Pie | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt; 1 1/2 cups all-purpose flour, plus more; 3/4 cup vegetable shortening; 1/2 cup (1 stick) unsalted butter; 3 large eggs; 1 cup (packed) light brown sugar; 1/2 cup honey; 1/2 cup pure cane syrup (such as Steen's) or dark corn syrup; 2 tablespoons bourbon; 2 tablespoons vanilla extract; Pinch of freshly grated nutmeg; Pinch of ground cinnamon; 2 cups pecans, chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: Crust: Whisk salt and 1 1/2 cups flour in a medium bowl. Using a fork, work in shortening until mixture is crumbly. Mix in 2 tablespoons cold water and knead until dough just comes together. Roll out dough on a lightly floured surface until about 1/4" thick. Fold in half, then in half again (so that it's folded into quarters); roll out to a 12" round. Transfer to a 9" pie dish. Lift up edges and let dough slump down into dish. Trim, leaving about 1" overhang. Fold edges under and crimp. Freeze while you make the filling. Whisk salt and 1 1/2 cups flour in a medium bowl. Using a fork, work in s <END>
INPUT: ponzu, granita, water, mirin, soy sauce, rice vinegar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Kumamoto Oysters with Ponzu Granita and Tobiko | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 (1-inch-wide) piece kombu (dried kelp), rinsed; 1 cup water; 3 tablespoons mirin (Japanese sweet rice wine); 3 tablespoons soy sauce; 3 tablespoons rice vinegar (not seasoned); 2 tablespoons fresh or bottled yuzu juice; 1 teaspoon sugar; 18 small oysters (preferably Kumamoto or Prince Edward Island), not shucked; 1 oz tobiko (flying-fish roe); Special equipment: a protective glove; an oyster knife; 1 oyster knife; Garnish: a bed of seaweed (1 lb) | INSTRUCTIONS: Make granita: Bring kombu and water to a simmer in a small saucepan over moderate heat, then remove from heat and cool completely, about 30 minutes. Discard kombu. Transfer 5 tablespoons kombu broth to a bowl along with remaining granita ingredients and stir until sugar is dissolved. (Reserve remaining broth for another use.) Pour granita mixture into an 8-inch metal baking pan and freeze, stirring and crushing lumps with a fork every 20 minutes, until evenly frozen, about 1 hour. Scrape with a fork to lighten texture, crushing any lumps. Bring kombu and water to a simmer in a small saucepan o <END>
INPUT: American, roast, sandwich, olive oil, peppercorns, kosher salt, thyme, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Homemade Roast Beef Sandwich Au Jus | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1 tablespoon black peppercorns; 1 teaspoon kosher salt; 4 sprigs fresh thyme; 2 cloves garlic, smashed; 2 sprigs fresh rosemary; 1 large shallot, thinly sliced; 2 tablespoons dry sherry; 4 cups low-sodium beef stock; 1 cup white wine vinegar; 2 tablespoons sugar; 1 teaspoon coriander seeds; 1 teaspoon kosher salt; 1 star anise; 1 bay leaf | INSTRUCTIONS: For the au jus: Heat the oil over medium heat in a medium saucepan. Add the peppercorns, salt, thyme, garlic, rosemary and shallots. Cook the shallots, stirring occasionally, until they become translucent, 6 to 8 minutes. Add the sherry and simmer, a few minutes. Add the stock and simmer, 20 to 25 minutes. Remove the saucepan from the heat and strain the liquid. Keep warm. For the pickled radishes: Simmer 1/2 cup water, the vinegar, sugar, coriander seeds, salt, star anise, bay leaf and garlic. After 10 minutes of simmering, pour the mixture over the radishes in a heat-proof container and cool <END>
INPUT: Mexican, firehouse, tomato paste, tomato sauce, garlic powder, onion powder
OUTPUT: TITLE: Firehouse Chili | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 12 ounces tomato paste; 16 ounces tomato sauce; 1 (24-ounce) can kidney beans, drained; 3 tablespoons garlic powder; 2 tablespoons onion powder; 2 tablespoons cumin; 1/2 cup chili powder; 2 tablespoons parsley; 2 teaspoons oregano; 1 (24-ounce) can pork and beans; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/2 teaspoon pepper; 1 (24-ounce) can chili hot beans; 1 tablespoon chipotle powder; 1 teaspoon habenero chile powder | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large kettle on low simmer combine tomato paste, tomato sauce, kidney beans, garlic powder, onion powder, cumin, chili powder, parsley, oregano, pork and beans, salt, pepper, chili hot beans, chipotle powder, habenero powder, habaneros, jalapenos, New Mexico chiles, and dry pasta and bring to a simmer. While that is simmering, grill the steak, and brown the pork and beef in a large saute pan. Drain the meat, season to taste, and add to sauce. Add the beer and cook for 30 minutes. Serve with crackers and cheese. Serving suggestions: crackers and cheese. <END>
INPUT: baby, muffins, purpose flour, cornmeal, salt, sugar, baking powder
OUTPUT: TITLE: Corn, Dill Baby Muffins | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cups-purpose flour; 1/2 cup cornmeal; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 2 tablespoons sugar; 1 teaspoon baking powder; 1/2 teaspoon baking soda; 1/2 teaspoon freshly cracked black pepper; 1 egg, plus 1 egg white; 3/4 cup buttermilk; 1/3 cup vegetable oil; 2 tablespoons freshly chopped dill | INSTRUCTIONS: These savory muffins are great for breakfast, lunch or even dinner as an alternative to bread. For the perfect brunch fare serve with cream cheese, capers, thinly sliced red onions and smoked salmon. Preheat oven to 350 degrees Brush a mini-muffin tin with oil. Set aside. Combine all the dry ingredients and stir until well combined. In another bowl combine the egg and the egg white, the buttermilk and the vegetable oil and whisk until combined. Add the dill. Pour the wet ingredients into the dry and stir gently with a wooden spoon or a rubber spatula until just combined and some flour still ap <END>
INPUT: green, olives, lamb shanks, Kosher salt pepper, thyme, rosemary, lemon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Braised Lamb Shanks With Green Olives And Apricots | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 lamb shanks, about 8 ounces each; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 6 sprigs fresh thyme, plus 2 sprigs; 2 sprigs fresh rosemary; 1 lemon, zested in big strips; 2 garlic cloves, halved; 1/2 teaspoon whole cloves; 2 cinnamon sticks, plus 2 sticks; 1 teaspoon whole black peppercorns; 2 bay leaves; 1 tablespoon sugar; 1 bottle full-bodied red wine, such as Cabernet Sauvignon; 1/4 cup all-purpose flour; 3 tablespoons olive oil; 2 cups lamb or chicken stock | INSTRUCTIONS: First off, you want to marinate the lamb shanks for a few hours to really penetrate the deep flavor; the wine also tenderizes the meat. Put the shanks in a large glass bowl and season with salt and pepper. Break up the thyme and rosemary with your hands to release the oils and toss them on top of the lamb. Add the lemon peel, garlic, cloves, cinnamon, peppercorns, bay leaves, and sugar. Pour in the bottle of wine, cover and refrigerate for 4 to 6 hours. Line a few layers of paper towels on the counter. Pull the lamb shanks out of the wine marinade (reserving it for later), and lay them out on  <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, arctic, olive oil, Salt pepper, Tangerine Habanero Glaze, Meyer Lemon Broth
OUTPUT: TITLE: Arctic Char with Tangerine-Habanero Glaze and Meyer Lemon Couscous Broth | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 4 (6-ounce) fillets artic char, skinned; 1 tablespoon olive oil; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; Tangerine-Habanero Glaze, recipe follows; Meyer Lemon Broth, recipe follows; Couscous, recipe follows; 4 cups tangerine juice; 2 cups red wine vinegar; 1 1/2 cups sugar; 1/2 habanero chile, chopped; Salt; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1 small Spanish onion, coarsely chopped; 1 clove garlic, chopped; 2 cups homemade clam broth | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. Brush fillets on both sides with oil and season with salt and pepper. Heat a large, oven-safe nonstick saute pan over high heat, add the fish, and cook until golden brown, about 2 minutes. Brush with some of the glaze, turn over, and continue cooking (on the stovetop or in the oven) for 3 to 4 minutes or until just cooked through. Brush with more of the glaze and remove from the heat. Ladle some of the broth into large shallow bowls, place fish in the middle, glazed side up, and sprinkle some of the couscous around the fish. Serve immediately. Place tangerine jui <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, kofte, glaze, pomegranate molasses, clover honey, lemon juice, Dijon mustard, mint leaves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tuna Kofte with Pomegranate Molasses-Mint Glaze with Crushed Spicy Hummus | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup pomegranate molasses; 1 tablespoon clover honey; 2 teaspoons fresh lemon juice; 2 teaspoons Dijon mustard; 8 fresh mint leaves, finely chopped; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 5 tablespoons canola oil; 1 small red onion, finely diced; 2 cloves garlic, smashed to a paste; 3 tablespoons tomato paste; 1 teaspoon ground cumin; 1/2 teaspoon ground allspice; 1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1/8 teaspoon cayenne pepper; 1 1/2 pounds fresh tuna | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Special equipment: 12 wooden skewers soaked in water for 1 hour For the glaze: Whisk together the pomegranate molasses, honey, lemon juice, mustard and mint and season with salt and pepper. Let the glaze sit at room temperature for at least 30 minutes. For the kofte: Heat 2 tablespoons canola oil in a small saute pan over high heat. Add the onions and cook until soft, about 4 minutes. Add the garlic and cook for 30 seconds. Add the tomato paste, cumin, allspice and cayenne, and cook 1 minute more. Remove from the heat and let cool slightly. Cut the tuna into larg <END>
INPUT: sauce, beans, almonds, garlic, wine vinegar, Scant olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Chicken with Almond and Garlic Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 9 ounces dried large white beans, such as lima beans; 1/2 cup ground almonds; 2 garlic cloves; 1 tablespoon white wine vinegar; Scant 1/2 cup olive oil; 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice; 1 teaspoon cold-pressed flaxseed oil; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/2 teaspoon ground white pepper; 2 spring chickens (poussins), (about 2 pounds each); Juice of 1 lemon; 3 tablespoons olive oil; 1/2 teaspoon dried oregano; 3 tablespoons dry white wine; 2 garlic cloves, finely chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. For the sauce, soak the beans in a generous amount of water overnight. 2. Using poultry sheers, cut each chicken along the backbone and remove as much of the backbone as possible. Press the chickens with your fist to flatten them slightly and then place them in a large glass dish that will fit in the refrigerator. 3. Combine the lemon juice, olive oil, oregano, wine, garlic, onion, and some salt and pepper in a blender and purée to make a paste. Spread the paste over the chicken and massage it into the meat. Cover the dish and refrigerate for at least 2 hours, or, preferably, overnight. 1.  <END>
INPUT: salad, carrot, Granny Smith apples, sour cream, horseradish bottled horseradish, parsley leaves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Carrot, Apple, and Horseradish Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 1/2 cups coarsely grated carrot; 2 large Granny Smith apples; 1/2 cup sour cream; 2 to 3 tablespoons finely grated peeled fresh horseradish or drained bottled horseradish; 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh parsley leaves; 1 teaspoon fresh lemon juice; 1 teaspoon sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: In a bowl stir together the carrots, the apples, peeled and grated coarse, the sour cream, the horseradish to taste, the parsley, the lemon juice, the sugar, and salt and pepper to taste and chill the salad, covered, for 1 hour, or until it is cold. In a bowl stir together the carrots, the apples, peeled and grated coarse, the sour cream, the horseradish to taste, the parsley, the lemon juice, the sugar, and salt and pepper to taste and chill the salad, covered, for 1 hour, or until it is cold. <END>
INPUT: vegetables, Vinegar, herbs other aromatics, Salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: En Papillote | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 (6-ounce) fish fillets; 2 cups fresh vegetables; Vinegar, citrus juice, or wine; Fresh herbs or other aromatics; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 tablespoons butter, sliced into 4 pieces; En Papillote Variations, recipes follow | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Mix the seasonings (vinegar, juice, wine, zest, spices, etc.) together in a small bowl; set aside. Fold 4 (20-inch) parchment paper squares in 1/2 lengthwise and cut out a large heart shape. Unfold and arrange on 2 baking sheets. Cook's Note: Aluminum foil can be substituted for parchment paper. Evenly divide the vegetables among the 4 heart-shaped parchment packets. Place fish fillet on top of vegetables and season. Top with a small pat of butter. Fold the top half of the parchment over the fish, overlapping small folds along the edges and sealing. Bake for  <END>
INPUT: salad, cranberry, virgin olive oil, acorn squash, salt, pepper, chestnuts
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Squash, Chestnut, and Chicory Salad with Cranberry Vinaigrette | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil plus additional for greasing; 1 2-pound acorn squash; 1 teaspoon salt; 1/2 teaspoon black pepper; 1 cup peeled cooked whole chestnuts (from a 7- to 8-oince jar), cut into thirds; 4 (1/4-inch-thick) slices pancetta (6 ounce total), cut into 1/4-inch dice; 1/4 cup fresh cranberries, finely chopped; 1 tablespoon packed dark brown sugar; 1/4 cup water; 2 tablespoons whole-grain mustard; 3/4 pound chicory (curly endive), trimmed and torn into 2-inch pieces (10 cups) | INSTRUCTIONS: Put oven rack in middle position and preheat oven to 450°F. Line a large shallow baking pan with foil and oil generously with olive oil. Cut off stem end of squash, then put cut side down and halve lengthwise. Discard seeds, then cut squash into 1/2-inch-thick slices. Peel if desired with a paring knife and transfer slices to a bowl. Add 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1/2 teaspoon salt, and 1/4 teaspoon pepper and gently toss to coat. Arrange in 1 layer in lined baking pan and roast until golden, about 15 minutes. Remove from oven and turn squash over with a spatula. Add chestnuts to pan in an even l <END>
INPUT: roast, boned rolled pork, garlic, Few rosemary, Kosher salt, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Garlic Roast Pork Loin | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 1/2 to 3 1/2 pound boned and rolled pork loin (8 to 10 inches), bones kept if available; 4 cloves garlic, smashed, peeled, and cut lengthwise into thin slivers; Few sprigs rosemary, optional; Kosher salt, to taste; Freshly ground black pepper, to taste; 1/2 cup wine, for deglazing | INSTRUCTIONS: Place rack in center of oven. Heat oven to 500 degrees. With the point of a paring knife, make 1/2-inch slits toward the center all around the roast. Insert the garlic in the slits, accompanied by a needle of rosemary, if using. Rub roast generously with salt and pepper. Place roast and bones, if available, in a roasting pan just large enough to hold them. Roast for 45 to 50 minutes, or until meat reaches an internal temperature of 140 degrees. The meat might still be slightly pink, but this is fine. Don't overcook the roast, or it will be dry and unappealing. Remove roast and bones to a platt <END>
INPUT: Italian, bolognese, milk, unsalted butter, shallot, flat leaf parsley, thyme
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lasagna Bolognese | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 6 cups whole milk; 7 tablespoons unsalted butter, plus more for casserole dish; 1 shallot, chopped; 3 sprigs flat leaf parsley; 1 sprig fresh thyme; 1/2 small carrot, chopped; 1/2 celery stalk, chopped; 1/2 dry bay leaf; 1/2 cup plus 1 tablespoon all-purpose flour; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 cup freshly grated Parmesan, or half Pecorino and Parmesan; Pinch freshly grated nutmeg; 1 pound dry lasagna noodles; 5 1/2 cups Meat and Tomato Sauce, recipe follows; 1 large onion, diced | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large saucepan, melt 6 tablespoons of the butter over medium heat. Add the shallot, carrot, and celery, and cook until softened, about 5 minutes. Sift the flour over the vegetables, and cook the mixture, stirring constantly with a wooden spoon until it lightens in color, about 2 minutes. Slowly whisk in the milk and bring to a boil. Add the parsley, thyme, and bay leaf. Reduce the heat to low, and simmer, whisking occasionally, until the sauce is thickened, about 30 minutes. Strain and season with 1/2 teaspoon of the salt, nutmeg, and pepper to taste. Place plastic wrap on the surface of  <END>
INPUT: gift, bread, all purpose flour, baking powder, baking soda, salt, granulated sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Apricot-Almond Gift Bread | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups all-purpose flour; 1 1/2 teaspoons baking powder; 1/2 teaspoon baking soda; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1 cup granulated sugar; 3 tablespoons wheat germ; 1 cup dried apricots (moist-style); 1/2 cup (2 1/2 ounces) blanched almonds; 1/3 cup canola or light olive oil; 1 large egg, at room temperature; 3/4 cup apricot nectar or buttermilk; 1 teaspoon almond extract; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; 2/3 cup sifted confectioners' sugar; 2 to 3 tablespoons milk, water, or fruit juice (or as needed) | INSTRUCTIONS: Make bread: Position rack in center of oven. Preheat oven to 350°F. Bake large loaf 60 to 65 minutes, baby loaves 40 to 45 minutes. Prepare pan(s) as directed. In a large bowl, whisk together the flour, baking powder, baking soda, salt, sugar, and wheat germ. If using a food processor, add the apricots and a generous tablespoon of the flour mixture to the bowl and pulse until the fruit is cut into small (1/4-inch) bits. Or, cut up the apricots with oiled kitchen shears or an oiled knife. Scrape the apricot bits into the bowl with the flour. Chop the nuts and add them to the dry ingredients. In <END>
INPUT: Indian, chili, virgin olive oil, onion, bell peppers, Kosher salt, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Squash-Black Bean Chili | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1 large onion, chopped; 2 bell peppers (1 red, 1 yellow), chopped; Kosher salt; 3 cloves garlic, minced; 1 tablespoon ancho chile powder; 1 tablespoon hot or mild New Mexico chile powder; 2 teaspoons ground cumin; 2 teaspoons ground coriander; 2 teaspoons dried oregano; 2 tablespoons tomato paste; 1 28-ounce can diced fire-roasted tomatoes; 2 15-ounce cans black beans (do not drain); 2 bay leaves; 1 small butternut squash (about 1 pound), peeled and cut into 1/2-inch pieces (about 3 1/2 cups) | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat the olive oil in a large Dutch oven or pot over medium-high heat. Add the onion and bell peppers, season with salt and cook, stirring occasionally, until the vegetables are tender and lightly browned, about 10 minutes. Add the garlic and cook 1 minute. Add the chile powders, cumin, coriander, oregano and tomato paste. Cook, stirring, until the vegetables are coated in the spice mixture, about 2 minutes, adding a splash of water if the mixture is dry. Add 2 cups water, the tomatoes, beans, bay leaves and 1 teaspoon salt to the pot. Bring to a boil, then reduce the heat to a simmer and stir <END>
INPUT: Mexican, fruit, salad, lime juice, honey, mint, cantaloupe, basket strawberries
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fresh Fruit Salad with Honey, Mint and Lime Syrup | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup fresh lime juice; 1/4 cup honey; 1/4 cup chopped fresh mint; 1 3-pound cantaloupe, halved, seeded; 1 12-ounce basket strawberries, hulled, halved; 4 kiwis, peeled, cut into 1/2-inch pieces; 1 1/2 cups seedless grapes | INSTRUCTIONS: Whisk lime juice, honey and mint in large bowl to blend. Using melon baller, scoop out cantaloupe. Add all fruit to syrup in bowl; toss to combine. Let stand 15 minutes to allow flavors to blend. (Can be made 3 hours ahead. Cover and chill.) Spoon fruit into goblets. Whisk lime juice, honey and mint in large bowl to blend. Using melon baller, scoop out cantaloupe. Add all fruit to syrup in bowl; toss to combine. Let stand 15 minutes to allow flavors to blend. (Can be made 3 hours ahead. Cover and chill.) Spoon fruit into goblets. <END>
INPUT: cake, all purpose flour, unsweetened Dutch process, baking soda, baking powder
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate and Zucchini Cake | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup (1 stick) unsalted butter at room temperature, or 1/2 cup extra virgin olive oil, plus 1 pat butter or teaspoon olive oil for greasing; 2 cups all-purpose flour; 1/2 cup unsweetened Dutch-process cocoa powder; 1 teaspoon baking soda; 1/2 teaspoon baking powder; 1/2 teaspoon fine sea salt; 1 cup (packed) light brown sugar; 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract; 1 teaspoon instant coffee granules; 3 large eggs; 2 cups unpeeled grated zucchini, from about 1 1/2 medium zucchini (keep the remaining 1/2 zucchini for optional garnish); 1 cup good-quality bittersweet chocolate chips; Confectioners' sugar or melted bittersweet chocolate (optional) | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. Preheat the oven to 350°F and grease a 10-inch springform pan with butter or oil. 2. In a large mixing bowl, whisk together the flour, cocoa powder, baking soda, baking powder, and salt. In a food processor, process the sugar and butter until creamy (you can also do this by hand, armed with a sturdy spatula). Add the vanilla, coffee granules, and eggs, mixing well between each addition. 3. Reserve a cup of the flour mixture and add the rest to the egg mixture. Mix until just combined; the batter will be thick. 4. Add the zucchini and chocolate chips to the reserved flour mixture and toss to <END>
INPUT: unpeeled baby potatoes, olive oil, coarse kosher, rosemary
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Baby Red Potatoes with Rosemary | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound unpeeled baby red potatoes (1- to 1 1/2-inch-diameter); 1 tablespoon olive oil; 1 teaspoon coarse kosher; 4 large rosemary sprigs | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 450°F. Toss baby red potatoes with olive oil and kosher salt on large rimmed baking sheet. Place rosemary sprigs alongside the potatoes. Roast until the potatoes are tender and beginning to brown in spots, about 45 minutes. Preheat the oven to 450°F. Toss baby red potatoes with olive oil and kosher salt on large rimmed baking sheet. Place rosemary sprigs alongside the potatoes. Roast until the potatoes are tender and beginning to brown in spots, about 45 minutes. <END>
INPUT: roast, half, unsalted butter, kosher salt, cayenne pepper, egg
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roast Half Chicken With Cashew Tarator and Celery | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt; 1/4 teaspoon cayenne pepper; 1 large egg white; 1/2 cup (packed) light brown sugar; 2 cups walnut halves; 2 cups cashews; 1 1/4-inch-thick slice white bread, torn; 1 garlic clove, finely grated; 1/4 cup fresh lemon juice; 1/2 teaspoon ground coriander; 1/2 cup olive oil; Kosher salt; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1 tablespoon olive oil, plus more | INSTRUCTIONS: Make the spicy walnuts: Preheat oven to 300°F. Melt butter in a small skillet over medium, remove from heat, and mix in salt and cayenne. Whisk egg white in a medium bowl until soft peaks form; stir in brown sugar. Add seasoned butter and walnuts and fold to coat nuts. Spread nuts out on a parchment–lined rimmed baking sheet; bake, tossing every 10 minutes or so, until mixture is dry and nuts are toasted, 25–30 minutes. Let cool. Preheat oven to 300°F. Melt butter in a small skillet over medium, remove from heat, and mix in salt and cayenne. Whisk egg white in a medium bowl until soft peaks fo <END>
INPUT: cake, raisins, all purpose flour, eggs, sugar, pure vanilla extract
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pear Walnut Spice Cake | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup raisins (dark or golden); 2 cups all-purpose flour; 3 eggs; 1 1/2 cups sugar; 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract; 1 cup vegetable oil; 1 teaspoon salt; 1 teaspoon baking soda; 1 teaspoon cinnamon; 1/2 teaspoon each ground cloves and ground allspice; 2 cups peeled pear chunks (from about 3 pears); 1 cup chopped walnuts; 1/2 cup maple syrup; 1 1/2 cups confectioners' sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat the oven to 350 degrees F. Place the raisins in a bowl and toss them with 2 tablespoons of the flour until lightly coated (this will prevent them from sinking in the cake batter during baking). To make the cake: Beat the eggs and sugar in a mixer fitted with a whisk attachment (or using a hand mixer) until fluffy. With the mixer running, slowly pour in the vanilla and the oil. In a separate bowl, mix together the flour, salt, baking soda, cinnamon, cloves, and allspice. Mix into the egg mixture. Mix in the pears and nuts, then stir in the raisins by hand, distributing them evenly in the b <END>
INPUT: Italian, Brussels sprouts, pancetta, virgin olive oil, garlic, Kosher salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Brussels Sprouts with Lemon, Pancetta and Parmesan | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 2 pounds Brussels sprouts, trimmed and halved lengthwise; 4 ounces pancetta, chopped; 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1 clove garlic, minced; Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper; 2 tablespoons lemon juice; 2 teaspoons lemon zest; Shaved Parmesan, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. In a large mixing bowl, toss together the Brussels sprouts, pancetta, olive oil, garlic, and some salt and pepper. Spread the sprouts in an even layer on a sheet tray or roasting pan. Place in the oven and roast, stirring once halfway through, until the sprouts are tender and slightly browned, 18 to 20 minutes. Remove from the oven and transfer to a serving dish. Toss with the lemon juice and zest. Garnish with shaved Parmesan. <END>
INPUT: herb, fritters, plain yogurt, mint, lemon juice, olive oil, honey
OUTPUT: TITLE: Zucchini-Herb Fritters with Garlic Yogurt | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup plain yogurt (not Greek); 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh mint; 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1 teaspoon honey; 1 garlic clove, finely grated; Kosher salt, freshly ground pepper; 2 small zucchini, ends trimmed; 1 small russet potato, peeled; 1/2 medium onion; 2 teaspoons kosher salt, plus more; 2 large eggs, beaten to blend; 1 garlic clove, finely grated; 1/2 teaspoon ground cumin; 3 tablespoons finely chopped fresh parsley, plus more for serving | INSTRUCTIONS: Garlic Yogurt: Mix yogurt, mint, lemon juice, oil, honey, and garlic in a small bowl; season with salt and pepper. Cover; chill. Mix yogurt, mint, lemon juice, oil, honey, and garlic in a small bowl; season with salt and pepper. Cover; chill. Fritters and assembly: Grate zucchini, potato, and onion on the large holes of a box grater. Transfer to a mesh sieve set over a bowl and toss with 2 teaspoons salt. Let vegetables sit until they release their liquid, 30–40 minutes. Mix eggs, garlic, cumin, 3 tablespoons parsley, and 2 tablespoons mint in a medium bowl; season with salt and pepper. Gather <END>
INPUT: pancakes, sweet potatoes, onion, egg, flour, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sweet Potato Pancakes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 medium sweet potatoes, uncooked; 1 small onion; 1 egg, beaten; 2 tablespoons flour; 1/2 teaspoon salt; Dash pepper; 1/4 teaspoon baking powder | INSTRUCTIONS: Peel and grate the potatoes and onion. Mix in the egg. Combine the dry ingredients together and add to potato mixture. Drop by large tablespoons onto a heated nonstick skillet lightly coated with oil and cook for 4 minutes or so on each side, until pancakes are cooked through. Serve with applesauce, apple butter or sour cream and chives. TIP: SWEET POTATO STARS Peel sweet potatoes and slice 1/2-inch thick. With a star cutter, stamp our shapes. Lightly brush with oil and arrange on a cookie sheet. Bake in a preheated 375 degree oven for 20 to 30 minutes or until tender. <END>
INPUT: soup, olive oil, russet Idaho potatoes, Salt pepper, garlic, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chickpea and Potato Soup | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons olive oil; 2 large russet or Idaho potatoes, peeled and chopped; Salt and pepper; 3 to 4 cloves garlic, chopped; 1 large onion, chopped; One 28-ounce can chickpeas; 1 quart chicken stock; 1 cup ditalini pasta; 1 box chopped frozen spinach, defrosted and drained; Grated Parmigiano-Reggiano | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Heat the oil, 3 turns of the pan, in a soup pot or Dutch oven over medium to medium-high heat. Add the potatoes, season with salt and pepper and lightly brown them, 5 to 6 minutes. Add the garlic and onions, and partially cover the pan to wilt the onions, 5 to 6 minutes more. Add the chickpeas, stock and 3 cups water, and bring to a low boil. Add the pasta and cook to al dente. Add the spinach, separating it with your fingers as you stir it in. Adjust the salt and pepper and serve the soup in shallow bowls topped with grated cheese. Get Rachael's shopping list fo <END>
INPUT: unsweetened cocoa powder, sugar, vanilla, water, milk
OUTPUT: TITLE: Irish Hot Chocolate | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup unsweetened cocoa powder; 1/3 cup sugar; 1 teaspoon vanilla; 1/2 cup cold water; 2 1/4 cups milk; 3/4 cup half-and-half; 1/2 cup Baileys Original Irish Cream liqueur, or to taste; Whipped cream and shaved bittersweet chocolate for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large heavy saucepan, combine the cocoa powder, the sugar, the vanilla, the water, and a pinch of salt and heat the mixture over low heat, whisking, until the cocoa powder is dissolved and the mixture is a smooth paste. Gradually add the milk and the half-and-half, both scalded, and simmer the hot chocolate, whisking, for 2 minutes. Stir in the Baileys. (For a frothy result, in a blender blend the hot chocolate in batches.) Divide the hot chocolate among mugs and top it with the whipped cream and the chocolate. In a large heavy saucepan, combine the cocoa powder, the sugar, the vanilla, t <END>
INPUT: American, cheesy, beef hot dogs, string cheeses
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cheesy Bacon Hot Dogs | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 30 beef hot dogs; 30 string cheeses; 30 slices (rashers) thinly cut bacon | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: a hot campfire with a grill grate or an oven preheated to 450 degrees F Split the hot dogs in half lengthwise, making a pocket but not cutting all the way through. Stuff each one with a string cheese. Starting at one end, wrap a slice of bacon around each stuffed hotdog, then place each on a square of foil and wrap up. Throw the wrapped hotdogs on a hot campfire grill and cook, turning occasionally, until the hot dogs heat through, the cheese melts and the bacon slices crisp, 10 to 15 minutes. Set aside to cool for 5 minutes, then unwrap. <END>
INPUT: American, five, jarred pimento peppers, shallot, cream cheese, Hellmann's mayonnaise, Miracle Whip
OUTPUT: TITLE: Five-Cheese Pimento Cheese | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 cup jarred whole or chopped pimento peppers (about 10 1/2 ounces); 1/2 small shallot, grated; 2 ounces cream cheese, softened; 6 tablespoons Hellmann's mayonnaise; 6 tablespoons Miracle Whip; 2 teaspoons Worcestershire sauce; 1/4 teaspoon kosher salt; 3–5 dashes hot sauce; 6 ounces mild cheddar, shredded; 6 ounces sharp cheddar, shredded; 3 ounces Parmesan, shredded; 3 ounces pepper Jack cheese, shredded; Crackers (for serving) | INSTRUCTIONS: Drain peppers, reserving liquid, then finely chop if whole. Process shallot, cream cheese, mayonnaise, Miracle Whip, Worcestershire, salt, hot sauce, and 2 Tbsp. pepper liquid in a food processor until very smooth. Add cheeses and pulse until just combined. Add peppers and pulse until just combined. Serve with crackers alongside. Drain peppers, reserving liquid, then finely chop if whole. Process shallot, cream cheese, mayonnaise, Miracle Whip, Worcestershire, salt, hot sauce, and 2 Tbsp. pepper liquid in a food processor until very smooth. Add cheeses and pulse until just combined. Add pepper <END>
INPUT: cake, Golden Delicious apples, lemon, sugar, cinnamon, eggs
OUTPUT: TITLE: Apple Cake | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 pounds Golden Delicious apples, peeled, cored and cut into 1/2-inch slices; 1 lemon, juiced; 1/4 cup sugar; 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 4 large eggs; 1 1/2 cups vegetable oil; 1 stick unsalted butter, melted; 2 cups sugar; 1 tablespoon pure vanilla extract; 1/2 cup warm water; 2 1/2 cups all-purpose flour; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1 tablespoon baking powder | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: Bundt pan Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Mix the apples with the lemon juice, sugar, and cinnamon in a mixing bowl and let stand while you make the batter. Lightly whisk the eggs in a large mixing bowl. Add the oil, melted butter, sugar, vanilla and water and whisk until smooth. In a separate mixing bowl combine the flour, salt, and the baking powder. Use a whisk to mix the dry ingredients together. Gradually stir the flour mixture into the wet mixture and stir just until incorporated. Do not overmix. Generously grease and lightly flour a Bundt pan. Pour 1/4 of the batte <END>
INPUT: dumplings, all purpose flour, salt, hot water, duck breasts legs, savoy cabbage
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chinese-Style Dumplings | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 cups all-purpose flour; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 2 cups hot water; 2 boneless duck breasts and legs with skin, put through meat grinder fitted with medium blade; 1 cup finely chopped savoy cabbage; 3 tablespoons freshly chopped scallions; 2 tablespoons freshly chopped cilantro leaves; 2 tablespoons freshly chopped chives; 1 egg, lightly beaten; 2 tablespoons chili paste; 1 tablespoon hoisin sauce; 2 tablespoons cornstarch; 1 teaspoon ground ginger; 1 teaspoon Chinese five-spice powder; Salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: For the dough: Whisk the flour with the salt and stir in the water until dough is shaggy. Turn onto a lightly floured board and knead briefly; dough should be soft and pliable but not too sticky. Rest, covered, while you make the filling and the sauce. Place all the ingredients in a large bowl and mix until thoroughly combined. To check for seasoning, fry a bit in some hot oil until just cooked through. Adjust the seasoning as necessary. For the sauce: Combine all but the last 2 ingredients in a bowl for dipping. Sprinkle the basil and habanero over the top. To Assemble and Cook: Flour your wo <END>
INPUT: shredded, unsalted butter, good olive oil, Kosher salt pepper, syrupy balsamic vinegar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sauteed Shredded Brussels Sprouts | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 (12-ounce) packages Brussels sprouts, ends and brown leaves trimmed; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 2 tablespoons good olive oil; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 tablespoon syrupy balsamic vinegar | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Place the Brussels sprouts in the feed tube of the food processor fitted with a large slicing disc. (There is no need to core them.) Process the Brussels sprouts until they're all sliced. Place the butter and olive oil in a large (12-inch) saute pan and heat it over medium heat. Add the sliced Brussels sprouts, 1 1/2 teaspoons salt, and 1/2 teaspoon pepper and saute them, stirring frequently, for about 4 to 5 minutes, until tender but still bright green. Stir in the balsamic vinegar, season to taste, and serve hot. <END>
INPUT: Italian, vegetables, peppers, zucchini, summer squash, cremini mushrooms, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Baked Penne with Roasted Vegetables | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 2 red peppers, cored and cut into 1-inch wide strips; 2 zucchini, quartered lengthwise and cut into 1-inch cubes; 2 summer squash, quartered lengthwise and cut into 1-inch cubes; 4 cremini mushrooms, halved; 1 yellow onion, peeled and sliced into 1-inch strips; 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 1 teaspoon salt, divided; 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, divided; 1 tablespoon dried Italian herb mix or herbs de Provence; 1 pound penne pasta; 3 cups marinara sauce (store bought or homemade); 1 cup grated fontina cheese; 1/2 cup grated smoked mozzarella; 1 1/2 cups frozen peas, thawed; 1/4 cup grated Parmesan, plus 1/3 cup for topping | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F. On a baking sheet, toss the peppers, zucchini, squash, mushrooms, and onions with olive oil, 1/2 teaspoon salt, 1/2 teaspoon pepper, and dried herbs. Roast until tender, about 15 minutes. Meanwhile, bring a large pot of salted water to a boil over high heat. Add the pasta and cook for about 6 minutes. Since you will be cooking the pasta a second time in the oven, you want to make sure the inside is still hard. Drain in a colander. In a large bowl, toss the drained pasta with the roasted vegetables, marinara sauce, cheeses, peas, <END>
INPUT: granulated sugar, cranberries, strip orange peel, orange juice, shot
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cranberry-Orange-Cinnamon Vodka Tonic | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup granulated sugar; 6 fresh or frozen and thawed cranberries; One 2-inch strip orange peel; 2 tablespoons freshly squeezed orange juice; 1 shot (1 1/2 ounces) best quality cinnamon vodka; 1 teaspoon orange liquor, such as Triple Sec; Plain, cranberry or orange flavored tonic water | INSTRUCTIONS: For the simple syrup: Bring the sugar and 1 cup water to a boil in a small saucepan. When the sugar is completely dissolved, remove the saucepan from the heat and cool the syrup to room temperature. For the vodka tonic: Muddle the cranberries, orange peel and 1 to 2 tablespoons simple syrup (depending on how sweet you like your drink) in a rocks glass. Add the orange juice, vodka and orange liquor, fill 3/4 of way with the tonic and add ice cubes. Serve immediately. Reserve the remaining simple syrup for another use. It will keep in the refrigerator, covered, for up to 1 month. <END>
INPUT: salad, beans, olive oil, onion, garlic, cumin
OUTPUT: TITLE: Black Rice Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 pound dry black beans, soaked overnight, cooked, drained, cooking liquid reserved; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1 medium onion, finely chopped; 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped; 1 teaspoon cumin; 2 cups long grain rice; 4 1/2 cups reserved bean cooking liquid; Salt and freshly ground pepper; 3 green onions, finely sliced; 1 jalapeno, finely chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: In a medium saucepan heat oil over medium-high heat, add onions and garlic and saute until soft. Add cumin and cook 1 minute. Add rice and coat with the oil. Add reserved cooking liquid, season with salt and pepper and bring to a boil. Reduce heat to a simmer, cover pot and cook for 12 to 15 minutes. Remove from the heat, fluff with a fork and fold in the cooked black beans, green onion and jalapeno. Season with salt and pepper to taste. Serve at room temperature. <END>
INPUT: bites, amber dark rum, lime juice, soy sauce, sugar, chicken thighs
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fried Chicken Bites | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup amber or dark rum; 1/4 cup fresh lime juice; 1/4 cup soy sauce; 1 tablespoon sugar; 1 1/2 pounds skinless boneless chicken thighs, cut into 1 1/2-inch pieces; About 2 cups vegetable oil; 1/2 cup all-purpose flour; 1/2 teaspoon paprika; Accompaniments: lime wedges; hot sauce | INSTRUCTIONS: Stir together rum, lime juice, soy sauce, and sugar in a shallow bowl until sugar has dissolved. Add chicken and stir to coat. Marinate at room temperature 25 minutes. While chicken finishes marinating, heat 1 inch oil in a deep 12-inch heavy skillet over medium-high heat until it shimmers. Meanwhile, whisk together flour, paprika, and 1/2 teaspoon salt in a shallow bowl. Drain chicken and pat dry. Dredge in flour, shaking off excess, then transfer to a plate. Fry chicken in 3 batches, turning occasionally, until deep golden brown and cooked through, 6 to 7 minutes per batch. (If chicken darke <END>
INPUT: cracklin, Oil, pork belly, Cajun seasoning
OUTPUT: TITLE: Best Stop Cracklin | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Oil, such as canola oil, hog lard or vegetable oil, for frying; 15 pounds pork belly, cut into 1-inch squares; Cajun seasoning, such as Best Stop Cajun Seasoning, for sprinkling | INSTRUCTIONS: Fill a cast-iron pot halfway with oil and heat over medium heat until the oil reaches 350 degrees F. Add the pork belly to the oil and cook, stirring constantly, until golden brown and the skins begin to float, crack and pop, about 1 hour. Drain on a sheet tray lined with paper towel and allow to cool for 30 minutes. Again, heat the oil to 350 degrees F and fry a second time, stirring occasionally, until the cracklings are crisp and golden, 10 to 12 minutes. Drain on a sheet tray lined with paper towel. Sprinkle liberally with Cajun seasoning. Allow to cool slightly and serve. <END>
INPUT: Italian, spaghetti, unsalted butter, anchovy fillets, garlic, tomatoes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spaghetti with Tomatoes and Anchovy Butter | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 pound spaghetti; 4 tablespoons unsalted butter; 2 anchovy fillets; 4 sliced garlic cloves; 2 pounds quartered medium tomatoes; Salt; Pepper; Chopped tender herbs (such as flat-leaf parsley, tarragon, and/or chives) | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook 1/2 pound spaghetti; drain, reserving 1/2 cup cooking liquid. Meanwhile, heat 4 tablespoons unsalted butter in a large skillet over medium heat. Cook 2 anchovy fillets and 4 sliced garlic cloves, stirring often, until anchovies are broken down and garlic is soft, about 4 minutes. Add 2 pounds quartered medium tomatoes; season with salt and pepper and cook, stirring occasionally, until falling apart, 8–10 minutes. Toss in pasta and cooking liquid; cook until sauce coats pasta, about 2 minutes. Toss in chopped tender herbs (such as flat-leaf parsley, tarragon, and/or chives). Cook 1/2 pound <END>
INPUT: American, meringue, shortbread, hazelnuts, all purpose flour, powdered sugar, egg yolk
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lemon Meringue Pie with Hazelnut Shortbread Crust | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1/3 cup hazelnuts, toasted, husked; 1 1/4 cups all purpose flour; 1/2 cup (1 stick) unsalted butter, cut into pieces, room temperature; 1/2 cup powdered sugar; 1 large egg yolk; 1 tablespoon grated lemon peel; 1/2 teaspoon salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Grind nuts finely in processor. Add flour and blend well. Add remaining ingredients. Using on/off turns, process just until moist clumps form. Turn dough out onto lightly floured surface. Gather dough into ball; flatten into disk. Wrap in plastic; chill until firm enough to roll, about 45 minutes. Position rack in center of oven and preheat to 325°F. Roll out dough between sheets of waxed paper to 12-inch round, turning over occasionally to lift and smooth paper. Peel off top sheet of paper. Using bottom paper as aid, lift dough and invert into 9-inch-diameter glass pie dish. Peel off paper. P <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, fennel bulb, lemon juice, virgin olive oil, pepper, mild feta
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lemon-Marinated Fennel with Feta | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 - 1 pound fennel bulb; 1/4 cup fresh lemon juice, or to taste; 1 1/2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; Freshly ground black pepper; 6 - 8 ounces mild feta, drained if necessary, at cool room temperature | INSTRUCTIONS: Trim away outer layer of fennel, reserving tender stalks and any feathery tops. Quarter bulb lengthwise and cut each quarter lengthwise into very thin slices. Cut reserved stalks crosswise into very thin slices. To make fennel very crisp and slightly curled, soak in ice and cold water to cover water 1 hour, chilled. Chop reserved fennel tops. In a bowl toss together fennel slices, fennel tops, lemon juice, oil and freshly ground black pepper to taste. Arrange salad on a platter and chill, covered up to 3 hours. If feta is very salty, rinse under cold water and pat dry. Cut feta into 1- x 1/4-i <END>
INPUT: smashed, skinned skinned potatoes, Olive oil, rosemary leaves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Smashed Potatoes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 16 small red-skinned and/or white-skinned potatoes (about 2 inches in diameter); Olive oil; Fresh rosemary leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook potatoes in large pot of boiling salted water until just tender, about 25 minutes. Using slotted spoon, transfer potatoes to kitchen towel. Cool potatoes to lukewarm, about 20 minutes. Using another towel, gently press each potato until split open and flattened to scant 1-inch thickness (don't press too flat or potatoes will break apart). Brush large baking sheet with oil. Transfer potatoes to prepared sheet. Brush potato tops with oil; sprinkle with salt, pepper, and some rosemary leaves. DO AHEAD: Can be made 2 hours ahead. Let stand at room temperature. Prepare barbecue (medium-high he <END>
INPUT: cookies, currants, brandy, scant all purpose, best quality cocoa, baking powder
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spice Cookies | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 cup plus 2 tbsp / 125 g currants; 2 tbsp brandy; scant 2 cups / 240 g all-purpose flour; 1 1/2 tsp best-quality cocoa powder; 1/2 tsp baking powder; 1/4 tsp baking soda; 1/2 tsp each ground cinnamon, allspice, ginger, and nutmeg; 1/4 tsp salt; 5 oz / 150 g good-quality dark chocolate, coarsely grated; 1/2 cup / 125 g unsalted butter, at room temperature; 2/3 cup / 125 g superfine sugar; 1 tsp vanilla extract; 1/2 tsp grated lemon zest; 1/2 tsp grated orange zest; 1/2 large free-range egg | INSTRUCTIONS: Soak the currants in the brandy for 10 minutes. Mix together the flour, cocoa powder, baking powder, baking soda, spices, salt, and dark chocolate. Mix well with a whisk. Put the butter, sugar, vanilla, and lemon and orange zest in a stand mixer fitted with the beater attachment and beat to combine but not aerate much, about 1 minute. With the mixer running, slowly add the egg and mix for about 1 minute. Add the dry ingredients, followed by the currants and brandy. Mix until everything comes together. Gently knead the dough in the bowl with your hands until it comes together and is uniform. Di <END>
INPUT: Mexican, garlic, salt, lime juice, virgin olive oil, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chayote and Hearts-of-Palm Salad | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 garlic clove; 3/4 teaspoon salt; 1/4 cup fresh lime juice; 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 1/4 cup finely chopped white onion; 2 pound chayotes (also called mirlitons; 4 medium); 2 (14- to 15-ounce) cans hearts of palm (not salad-cut), rinsed well and drained; 2 large celery ribs, thinly sliced; 1/3 cup fresh flat-leaf parsley leaves; 1/4 cup fresh cilantro leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: Mince garlic and mash to a paste with 1/2 teaspoon salt using side of a large heavy knife. Whisk together lime juice, oil, and garlic paste in a large bowl, then add onion, tossing to coat. Halve chayotes lengthwise, then peel with a vegetable peeler and scoop out pits with a spoon. Cut chayotes crosswise into 1/3-inch-thick slices, then halve slices lengthwise to make 1/3-inch-thick sticks (sticks will not be uniform). Cook chayotes in a 4- to 6-quart pot of boiling salted water until crisp-tender, about 6 minutes. Drain well in a colander, then, while still hot, toss with dressing. Cool to r <END>
INPUT: curried, salad, mayonnaise, plain yogurt, curry powder, turkey, mango
OUTPUT: TITLE: Curried Turkey and Mango Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/3 cup mayonnaise; 1/4 cup plain yogurt; 1 tablespoon curry powder; 3 cups diced cooked turkey; 11/2 cups diced peeled pitted mango; 1 cup chopped red onion; 1/2 cup roasted cashews; 1/2 red onion, thinly sliced | INSTRUCTIONS: Whisk mayonnaise, yogurt, and curry powder in medium bowl to blend. Season dressing with salt and pepper. (Can be made 1 day ahead. Cover and chill.) Mix turkey, mango, chopped onion, and cashews in large bowl. Add dressing and toss to coat. Transfer to bowl. Garnish with sliced onion and serve. Whisk mayonnaise, yogurt, and curry powder in medium bowl to blend. Season dressing with salt and pepper. (Can be made 1 day ahead. Cover and chill.) Mix turkey, mango, chopped onion, and cashews in large bowl. Add dressing and toss to coat. Transfer to bowl. Garnish with sliced onion and serve. <END>
INPUT: rice vinegar, water, sugar, turmeric, daikon radish
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sweet Pickled Daikon Radish | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup rice vinegar; 1 cup water; 1 cup sugar; 1/4 teaspoon turmeric; 1 pound daikon radish; 1/4 cup kosher salt | INSTRUCTIONS: In a small saucepan over medium heat add the vinegar, water, sugar, and turmeric. Bring to a boil, stirring to dissolve the sugar. Remove from heat and allow it to cool. Meanwhile, peel the daikon radish and slice into 1/4-inch thick rounds. (If your daikon is very large, slice the rounds into semicircles.) Place in a colander with salt and mix well. Place the colander over a bowl and let drain for 1 hour. Rinse the salt off with a couple of changes of water and dry the daikon well. Put into a sterilized glass jar. Pour the cooled brine through a coffee filter (or a cheesecloth lined strainer) <END>
INPUT: cake, stout, unsweetened cocoa powder, all purpose flour, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate Stout Cake | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups stout (such as Guinness); 2 cups (4 sticks) unsalted butter; 1 1/2 cups unsweetened cocoa powder (preferably Dutch-process); 4 cups all purpose flour; 4 cups sugar; 1 tablespoon baking soda; 1 1/2 teaspoons salt; 4 large eggs; 1 1/3 cups sour cream; 2 cups whipping cream; 1 pound bittersweet (not unsweetened) or semisweet chocolate, chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: For cake: Preheat oven to 350°F. Butter three 8-inch round cake pans with 2-inch-high sides. Line with parchment paper. Butter paper. Bring 2 cups stout and 2 cups butter to simmer in heavy large saucepan over medium heat. Add cocoa powder and whisk until mixture is smooth. Cool slightly. Whisk flour, sugar, baking soda, and 1 1/2 teaspoons salt in large bowl to blend. Using electric mixer, beat eggs and sour cream in another large bowl to blend. Add stout-chocolate mixture to egg mixture and beat just to combine. Add flour mixture and beat briefly on slow speed. Using rubber spatula, fold bat <END>
INPUT: crisp, raisins, dark rum, all purpose flour, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Apple and Quince Crisp with Rum Raisins | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cups raisins; 1 cup dark rum; 3/4 cup (1 1/2 sticks) unsalted butter; 2 cups all purpose flour; 1 cup sugar; 1 teaspoon ground nutmeg; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 4 cups water; 3 1/2 cups sugar, divided; 2 pounds quinces (about 5 medium), peeled, quartered, cored; 4 large Gala apples, peeled, cut into 1-inch pieces; 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 1 tablespoon all purpose flour; 1/4 teaspoon salt; Whipped cream or vanilla ice cream | INSTRUCTIONS: For rum raisins: Simmer raisins and rum in small saucepan 3 minutes. Remove from heat. Ignite with match; let flames burn out, about 4 to 5 minutes. Transfer 2 tablespoons liquid to small bowl for crisp topping. Simmer raisins and rum in small saucepan 3 minutes. Remove from heat. Ignite with match; let flames burn out, about 4 to 5 minutes. Transfer 2 tablespoons liquid to small bowl for crisp topping. For crisp topping: Melt butter in small saucepan over medium-low heat. Simmer until butter is golden brown, about 6 minutes. Cool. Mix flour, sugar, nutmeg, and salt in medium bowl. Add browned <END>
INPUT: cooked, unsalted butter, salt, pepper, dill
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pan-Cooked Bass with Dill and Cucumber | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons unsalted butter; 4 (5- to 7-oz) black sea bass or striped bass fillets (1/2 to 3/4 inch thick) with skin; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/4 teaspoon black pepper; 1 1/2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh dill; 1/2 seedless cucumber (often plastic-wrapped), very thinly sliced; Special equipment: parchment paper | INSTRUCTIONS: Melt butter in a 12-inch heavy nonstick skillet, then remove from heat and cool. Put fillets, flesh sides down, in butter, then turn over so skin sides are down. Sprinkle fish with salt (1/2 teaspoon), pepper (1/4 teaspoon), and 1 tablespoon dill. Arrange cucumber slices overlapping on fish (like scales) and season with salt and pepper. Cover fish directly with a piece of buttered parchment paper (buttered side down) large enough to cover it, then tightly cover skillet with lid or foil. Cook fish over moderately high heat until just cooked through, 3 to 5 minutes, depending on thickness of fis <END>
INPUT: sunset, pomegranate juice, sugar, mezcal, sparkling wine, orange juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: The Mezcal Sunset | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup pomegranate juice; 1/2 cup sugar; 1 ounce mezcal; 1 ounce dry sparkling white wine; 2 ounces orange juice, preferably fresh squeezed and strained | INSTRUCTIONS: Make the Pomegranate Syrup: Cook pomegranate juice and sugar in a small pot over medium-high heat, stirring occasionally, until sugar is dissolved and liquid is slightly reduced, about 5 minutes. Remove from heat, transfer to a heatproof container, and chill until cool, about 30 minutes. Cook pomegranate juice and sugar in a small pot over medium-high heat, stirring occasionally, until sugar is dissolved and liquid is slightly reduced, about 5 minutes. Remove from heat, transfer to a heatproof container, and chill until cool, about 30 minutes. Make the cocktail: Pour mezcal, sparkling wine, an <END>
INPUT: American, streusel, sifted all purpose, salt, sugar, ice water
OUTPUT: TITLE: Rhubarb Streusel Pot Pie | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 4 1/2 cups sifted all-purpose flour; 2 teaspoons salt; 2 teaspoons sugar; 12 ounces (3 sticks) cold unsalted butter, cut into pieces; 1/2 cup ice water (strain out the ice just before using); 2 teaspoons red wine vinegar; 1/2 cup all-purpose flour; 1/4 cup light brown sugar, packed; 1/2 cup plus 1 tablespoon granulated sugar; 1/4 teaspoon cinnamon; 4 tablespoons cold unsalted butter, cut into pieces; 6 cups rhubarb, washed, leaves and brown edges trimmed off, cut into 1/2-inch dice (about 14 stalks); 1/4 cup cornstarch | INSTRUCTIONS: Pie Crust: In a mixer fitted with a paddle attachment (or using a hand mixer), mix the flour, salt, and sugar for 1 minute. Add the butter and mix just until you have a crumbly, sandy mixture. You should still be able to see the pieces of butter. In a small bowl, stir the water and vinegar together. With the mixer running at medium speed, drizzle in the water-vinegar mixture and mix just until a dough forms. You should still see small bits of butter. Turn out onto a work surface, divide the dough in half, and shape into round, flat disks. Wrap separately in plastic wrap and refrigerate at leas <END>
INPUT: American, casserole, Oil, leeks, pepper flakes, cayenne, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sausage and Leek Casserole | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: Oil; 2 cups leeks, cut in rings, rinsed thoroughly; 1/8 teaspoon red pepper flakes; 1/4 teaspoon cayenne; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/4 teaspoon black pepper; 1 pound ground pork sausage; 1/2 loaf French baguette; 1 cup grated Cheddar; 1 cup pepper jack cheese; 6 each large eggs; 1/2 cup milk; 1/4 cup heavy cream | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Heat oil in a heavy bottomed skillet on medium-high heat. Saute the leeks with a pinch of salt and pepper, red pepper flakes, and 1/8 teaspoon cayenne. When the leeks are translucent raise the heat to high and add the sausage and cook for 8 minutes or until browned. Remove from heat and allow the mixture to cool. In a separate bowl whisk the eggs together with the cream, milk, the remaining cayenne, a pinch of black pepper and salt. Cut the baguette into cubes and put in the bottom of a 9 by 9-inch glass casserole dish. Sprinkle the bread with the Cheddar cheese. <END>
INPUT: smothered, center pork chops, Kosher salt, Cajun seasoning, all purpose flour, virgin olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Smothered Pork Chops | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 bone-in center-cut pork chops (about 1 inch thick); Kosher salt; 1/2 teaspoon Cajun seasoning; 3/4 cup all-purpose flour; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1 tablespoon unsalted butter; 1 large onion, sliced 1/4 inch thick; 1 tablespoon fresh thyme, chopped; 1 1/2 cups low-sodium chicken broth; 2/3 cup buttermilk; Store-bought biscuits, for serving (optional) | INSTRUCTIONS: Sprinkle the pork chops all over with salt and the Cajun seasoning. Pour the flour into a shallow bowl. Dredge the chops in the flour, turning to coat, and tap off any excess. Reserve the remaining flour. Heat the olive oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Add the chops; cook until browned, 2 to 3 minutes per side. Transfer to a plate. Add the butter, onion, thyme and a pinch of salt to the skillet. Cook, stirring occasionally, until the onion is golden brown, 8 to 10 minutes. Add 2 tablespoons of the reserved flour to the skillet and cook, stirring, 1 minute. Add the chicken broth, b <END>
INPUT: wrapped, arugula, wine, garlic, pepper flakes, Salt, lemon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Prosciutto Wrapped Shrimp and Arugula Salad with Pickled Onions, and Balsamic Reduction | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 cup dry white wine; 3 garlic cloves, minced; 1/2 teaspoon red pepper flakes; Salt; 1/2 lemon, juiced; 1/2 cup olive oil; 1 pound (U-15) jumbo shrimp, peeled and deveined; 1/4 pound thin prosciutto slices, cut into 1 or 2-inch strips (depending on the size of the shrimp); 10 (8-inch) skewers, soaked in warm water; 1/2 cup red wine vinegar; 2 tablespoons sugar; 1/4 teaspoon red pepper flakes; 1 teaspoon salt; 1/4 teaspoon black pepper; 1/2 cup water | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. To prep the shrimp: Whisk together the wine, garlic, red pepper, salt and lemon juice. Slowly pour in the olive oil. Add the shrimp and toss to coat. Let stand at room temperature for about 20 minutes. Meanwhile, pickle the onions. Combine in a medium sauce pot, red wine vinegar, sugar, red pepper flakes, salt, black pepper and water. Bring to a boil and pour over the onions. Let cool and then refrigerate. In another small saucepan, place the 1 cup of balsamic over medium heat and reduce until the vinegar becomes syrupy, about 10 minutes. Remove from the heat and <END>
INPUT: whipped, sugar, pure vanilla extract, dark rum
OUTPUT: TITLE: Rum Whipped Cream | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup (1/2 pint) cold heavy cream; 3 tablespoons sugar; 1/2 teaspoon pure vanilla extract; 1 tablespoon dark rum | INSTRUCTIONS: Whip the cream in the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the whisk attachment. When it starts to thicken, add the sugar, vanilla, and rum. Continue to whip until it forms stiff peaks. Serve cold. <END>
INPUT: crusted, prime, garlic, packet Italian dressing, peppercorns
OUTPUT: TITLE: Black Pepper Crusted Prime Rib | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 (3 1/2-pound) beef rib roast, de-boned* and tied; 1 jar peeled whole garlic cloves; 1 packet Italian dressing mix; About 1 cup cracked black peppercorns | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F. Rinse the roast and pat dry. Bring roast to room temperature. Stud prime rib with garlic cloves by cutting slits into the meat and placing cloves inside. Rub Italian dressing mix all over roast. Pour black peppercorns into a shallow dish and dredge the roast in the pepper so that it's completely covered. Transfer to a roasting pan lined in aluminum foil. Place roast in the oven and cook for 1 hour. Turn oven off and let meat sit in oven until meat reaches the desired degree of doneness, about 130 to 135 degrees F for medium rare. Let rest for 10 minutes before ca <END>
INPUT: scarpariello, Salt pepper, poultry seasoning, virgin olive oil, bell peppers
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken Scarpariello | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 pounds boneless, skinless chicken breast; Salt and pepper; 1 teaspoon poultry seasoning; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, 2 turns of the pan; 2 red bell peppers, seeded and cut into 1-inch pieces; 3 hot cherry peppers, drained and chopped; 4 cloves garlic, chopped or thinly sliced; 1/2 cup dry white wine; 1/2 cup chicken stock or broth; 1/4 cup chopped Italian flat-leaf parsley, a couple of handfuls; 2 tablespoons juice from hot pepper jar; Orzo with Parsley and Lemon Zest, recipe follows; 1/2 pound orzo; Coarse salt; 1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil, eyeball it | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat a large, heavy skillet over medium high heat. Cut chicken into large chunks and season with salt and pepper and poultry seasoning. Add 1 tablespoon extra-virgin oil to the hot pan, 1 turn in a slow stream. Set chicken into pan and do not turn for 2 or 3 minutes or you will tear the meat. Brown chicken 3 minutes on each side and then remove all of the chicken to a warm plate. Add bell peppers, hot peppers and garlic to the pan. Saute the peppers and garlic for 5 minutes, tossing and turning them frequently. Add wine to the pan and reduce 1 minute. Scrape up the pan drippings. Add the chick <END>
INPUT: granola, old fashioned rolled, almonds, unsweetened desiccated coconut, hulled pumpkin seeds, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Almond Coconut Granola | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 cups old-fashioned rolled oats; 2/3 cup sliced almonds; 1/2 cup unsweetened desiccated coconut; 1/3 cup hulled green pumpkin seeds or sunflower seeds; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/2 stick (1/4 cup) unsalted butter; 6 tablespoons honey; 1 cup mixed dried fruits such as raisins, cherries, and apricots | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 325°F. In a large bowl stir together oats, almonds, coconut, pumpkin or sunflower seeds, and salt. In a small saucepan melt butter with honey over low heat, stirring. Pour butter mixture over oat mixture and stir until combined well. In a large jelly-roll pan spread granola evenly and bake in middle of oven, stirring halfway through baking, until golden brown, about 15 minutes. Cool granola in pan on a rack and stir in dried fruits. Granola may be kept in an airtight container at cool room temperature 2 weeks. Preheat oven to 325°F. In a large bowl stir together oats, almonds,  <END>
INPUT: compote, piece watermelon, cantaloupe, half honeydew melon, plums, nectarines
OUTPUT: TITLE: Melon, Nectarine, Grape, and Plum Compote | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: a 4 1/2-pound piece of watermelon, scooped into 3/4-inch balls (about 4 cups); a 2-pound cantaloupe, scooped into 3/4-inch balls; half a 5-pound honeydew melon, scooped into 3/4-inch (about 3 cups); 2 plums, each cut into 6 wedges; 2 nectarines, each cut into 8 wedges; 2 cups green seedless grapes; 1 tablespoon sugar; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 3 tablespoons fresh lime juice | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large bowl combine the watermelon, the cantaloupe, the honeydew, the plums, the nectarines, and the grapes. In a small bowl stir together the sugar, the salt, and the lime juice until the sugar and salt are dissolved, drizzle the syrup over the fruit, and toss the mixture gently until it is combined well. Chill the compote, covered, stirring gently once or twice, overnight. In a large bowl combine the watermelon, the cantaloupe, the honeydew, the plums, the nectarines, and the grapes. In a small bowl stir together the sugar, the salt, and the lime juice until the sugar and salt are dissol <END>
INPUT: Indian, scented, samosas, potatoes, fennel seeds, cumin, turmeric, vegetable oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fennel-Scented Spinach and Potato Samosas | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 pound red potatoes (about 5, each about 2 inches in diameter); 1 tablespoon fennel seeds; 1 tablespoon ground cumin; 1/2 teaspoon turmeric; 1/4 cup vegetable oil; 1 onion, chopped; 3 small serrano or jalapeño; chilies, chopped fine (wear rubber gloves); a 2-inch piece fresh gingerroot, peeled and grated fine; 3 garlic cloves, minced; 1 pound fresh spinach, coarse stems discarded and leaves washed well and drained (about 3 cups packed); ten 17- by 12-inch phyllo sheets, thawed if frozen, stacked between 2 sheets wax paper and covered with a kitchen towel; 1 stick (1/2 cup) unsalted butter, melted; Garnish: fresh mint sprigs; Accompaniment:mint chutney | INSTRUCTIONS: In a saucepan simmer potatoes in salted water to cover until barely tender, about 12 minutes, and drain in a colander. Cut potatoes into 1/4-inch dice. In a heavy skillet dry-roast fennel seeds, cumin, and turmeric over moderate heat, stirring occasionally, until fragrant and several shades darker, about 2 minutes, being careful not to burn them. Add oil, onion, chilies, gingerroot, and garlic and cook, stirring, until onion is softened. Add potatoes and spinach and sauté over moderately high heat, stirring, until spinach is wilted but still bright green, about 2 minutes. Season filling with s <END>
INPUT: Asian, cake, glaze, ginger, all purpose flour, pumpkin pie spice, baking powder
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spice Cake with Ginger Glaze | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: Nonstick cooking spray; 3 tablespoons grated ginger (from about 3-inch piece of ginger); 2 cups all-purpose flour; 1 tablespoon pumpkin pie spice; 1 teaspoon baking powder; 1/2 teaspoon baking soda; 1 egg; 1 cup applesauce; 1 cup packed brown sugar; 1/2 cup canola oil; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; 1 cup powdered sugar; 1/4 cup chopped walnuts | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Spray an 8-inch cake pan or Bunt pan with nonstick cooking spray. Place the grated ginger in 2 layers of cheesecloth, or in 2 layers of paper towels. Squeeze to extract the juice, and set both the ginger and juice aside. In a large bowl, whisk together the flour, pumpkin pie spice, baking powder, baking soda and juiced grated ginger. In a separate bowl, whisk the egg with the brown sugar, applesauce, canola oil and vanilla until well combined. Stir the wet ingredients into the dry ingredients until thoroughly incorporated. Scrap <END>
INPUT: chowder, olive oil, Yukon gold potatoes, celery, onion, cream
OUTPUT: TITLE: Oyster Chowder | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons/30ml olive oil; 6 Yukon gold potatoes, peeled and chopped; 2 celery ribs, chopped; 1 onion, chopped; 2 cups/500ml 35-percent cream; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 dozen oysters, shucked, liquid reserved; 2 tablespoons/30ml butter; A handful fresh chives, minced; 3 large slices bacon, cut into small dice; 2 celery ribs, cut into small dice; 1 onion, cut into small dice; 1 large Yukon gold potato, cooked until al dente and cut into small dice; Olive oil, for drizzling; A handful fresh chervil | INSTRUCTIONS: For the soup: Heat the oil in a large saucepan over high heat and saute the potatoes, celery and onions. Add 6 cups water (1 1/2 liters) and the cream and season with salt and pepper. Add the reserved oyster juices and bring the mixture to a boil. Reduce the heat and simmer until the vegetables are nice and tender, about 30 minutes. Puree the soup with an immersion blender or in a regular blender until smooth (be careful when blending hot liquids). Pass through a fine sieve if necessary. Stir in the butter and chives. Add the oysters just before serving to prevent them from overcooking. Season <END>
INPUT: crusted, uncooked jumbo shrimp, cornstarch, salt, cayenne pepper, coconut
OUTPUT: TITLE: Coconut-Crusted Fried Shrimp | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 24 uncooked jumbo shrimp (about 1 1/2 pounds), peeled, deveined, tails left intact; 1/3 cup cornstarch; 3/4 teaspoon salt; 1/2 teaspoon cayenne pepper; 2 cups sweetened shredded coconut; 3 large egg whites; Vegetable oil (for deep-frying); Pineapple-Apricot Salsa | INSTRUCTIONS: Using small sharp knife and starting at top of inward curve just below tail, butterfly shrimp, cutting each more than halfway through toward outward curve (do not cut shrimp in two). Open each shrimp (as for book) and press slightly to flatten. Mix cornstarch, salt and cayenne in medium bowl. Place coconut in pie dish. Beat egg whites in another medium bowl until frothy. Dredge shrimp in cornstarch mixture; shake off excess. Dip shrimp into egg whites, then press shrimp into coconut; turn shrimp over and press into coconut again to coat both sides. Pour enough oil into heavy large pot to reach <END>
INPUT: puffy, shrimp, milk, all purpose flour, eggs, Old Bay seasoning
OUTPUT: TITLE: Puffy Shrimp | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 16 to 20 large shrimp; 1 cup whole milk; 1 cup all purpose flour; 5 eggs; 5 tablespoons Old Bay seasoning; 1/2 cup hot pepper sauce; 2 cups Japanese bread crumbs; Vegetable oil for deep frying | INSTRUCTIONS: Shell, deveine, wash, and butterfly shrimp. Prepare four bowls: one for milk, one for flour, one including: eggs, old bay, and hot pepper sauce, the fourth for bread crumbs. Dip each shrimp consecutively in milk, flour, egg mixture, and bread crumbs. Drop in oil and fry until golden brown. <END>
INPUT: schnitzel, table salt, sugar, pork tenderloin, pepper, all purpose flour
OUTPUT: TITLE: Schnitzel Biscuits | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons table salt; 1 tablespoon sugar; 1 pork tenderloin, silver skin removed (1 1/4 to 1 1/2 pounds); Crushed black pepper; 1 cup all-purpose flour; 2 eggs, beaten; 2 cups panko breadcrumbs, lightly seasoned with salt and pepper; 3 tablespoons vegetable oil; Grapevine KY Buttermilk Biscuits, recipe follows; Raspberry Mayo, recipe follows; Cider-Braised Red Cabbage, recipe follows; 4 cups self-rising flour, plus more for dusting; 1 stick good butter, plus 3 tablespoons melted; 2 to 3 cups cold buttermilk; 1 tablespoon vegetable oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. For the brine: Mix the salt and sugar in 6 cups cold water until dissolved. Pour the brining liquid into a one gallon zipper-topped bag and place the pork in the brining liquid. Place the bag in a large bowl to prevent leakage, and keep in the fridge for 1 hour. For the pork: After 1 hour, remove the pork and dry off with paper towels. Cut into 1-inch medallions, making about 8 medallions. Gently pound each medallion with a meat mallet until the pork is about 1/4-inch thick. Sprinkle with pepper and set aside. Set a wire rack inside a baking sheet. Set up a stand <END>
INPUT: blueberry, pure maple syrup, water, blueberries, lemon juice, plain yogurt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Blueberries with Yogurt and Maple-Blueberry Syrup | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 tablespoons pure maple syrup; 1/4 cup water; 8 cups blueberries (about 3 pounds); 2 to 3 teaspoons fresh lemon juice; 2 cups plain yogurt | INSTRUCTIONS: In a small heavy saucepan combine maple syrup, water, and 1 1/2 cups blueberries and simmer mixture, covered, 5 minutes. Pour mixture through a sieve into a bowl, pressing on solids, and stir in lemon juice to taste. Syrup keeps, covered and chilled, 2 days. Reheat syrup or bring to room temperature before serving. In a small heavy saucepan combine maple syrup, water, and 1 1/2 cups blueberries and simmer mixture, covered, 5 minutes. Pour mixture through a sieve into a bowl, pressing on solids, and stir in lemon juice to taste. Syrup keeps, covered and chilled, 2 days. Reheat syrup or bring to <END>
INPUT: puff pastry, light corn syrup, water
OUTPUT: TITLE: Puff Pastry | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 20 ounces puff pastry (store-bought); Generous 1/3 cup light corn syrup; 1 1/2 tablespoons water | INSTRUCTIONS: For the Puff Pastry: Preheat the oven to 360 degrees. Place the puff pastry on a lightly floured work surface. Lightly dust the top of the puff pastry with flour. Use a rolling pin to roll the puff pastry into a rectangle 1/4-inch. Use a 4-inch fluted cutter to cut 8 circles from the puff pastry. Remove the scraps and space the circles 2 inches apart on a parchment paper-covered baking sheet. Combine the corn syrup and water in a small mixing bowl and mix well. Use a pastry brush to coat the top of each circle a nice, shiny glaze; it will also enhance the flavor of the baked puff pastry. Place <END>
INPUT: milanese, turkey cutlets, All purpose flour, eggs, fine bread crumbs, Parmesan
OUTPUT: TITLE: Turkey Cutlets Milanese | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 pounds turkey cutlets (about 1/4-inch thick); All-purpose flour seasoned with salt and pepper, for dredging; 4 large eggs; 1 1/2 cups fine fresh bread crumbs; 1 1/2 cups finely shredded Parmesan; 1/4 cup olive oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Pat the turkey cutlets dry and spread seasoned flour on a plate. In a small shallow bowl, beat eggs lightly and in another small shallow bowl stir together bread crumbs and Parmesan. Dredge cutlets in flour, shaking off excess, and dip in egg, letting excess drip off. Coat cutlets with bread crumb mixture and put on a waxed-paper-lined tray. Chill cutlets 15 minutes. In a 12-inch non-stick skillet, heat oil over moderately high heat until hot but not smoking. Saute cutlets 1 1/2 to 2 minutes on each side, or until golden and just cooked through. Remove the skillet from heat. Transfer cutlets w <END>
INPUT: Asian, scallions, Kosher salt pepper, by piece ginger, light soy sauce, rice wine
OUTPUT: TITLE: Steamed Whole Fish with Ginger, Scallions, and Soy | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1 (1 1/2-pound) whole white fish (such as sea bass, branzino, or flounder), cleaned with head and tail intact; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 by 1/2-inch piece fresh ginger, peeled and finely julienned; 1/4 cup light soy sauce; 1 tablespoon rice wine; 1 scallion, white and light green parts only, julienned; 4 cilantro sprigs; 1/2 cup canola oil | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. Rinse the fish in cold water and pat dry with paper towels. Season the fish inside and out with salt and pepper. Place the fish on a heatproof plate that is both large enough to accommodate it (a glass pie plate works well) and will also fit inside your steamer, bending the fish slightly if it is too long. Stuff half of the ginger inside the cavity of the fish and spread the remaining ginger on top of the fish. 2. Pour water into a wok or stockpot and set a steamer in the wok or on the rim of the stockpot. Make sure the water does not touch the bottom of the steamer. Bring the water to a bo <END>
INPUT: American, casserole, olive oil, leeks, garlic, bell pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Baked Quinoa Casserole with Peruvian Potatoes and Cheese | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons olive oil; 2 leeks, white part only, cleaned and sliced; 2 cloves garlic, peeled and diced; 1 green bell pepper, diced; 1 red bell pepper, diced; 4 eggs; 3/4 cup low-fat milk; 1 cup quinoa, cooked; 1 1/2 cups grated smoked cheddar cheese; 1 pound Peruvian potatoes, unpeeled, diced and steamed; Salt and pepper to taste; 1 teaspoon thyme leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Oil a 2-quart gratin dish. In a saute pan over medium heat, heat olive oil and add leeks. Saute, stirring, until they become tender, about 5 minutes. Add the garlic and continue to cook, stirring, for another minute. Add the peppers and cook, covered, for 5 to 10 more minutes, until peppers are tender, yet crisp. Remove pepper mixture for the heat. In a bowl, beat eggs and milk. Stir in the quinoa and add cheese, potatoes, pepper mixture, salt, pepper and thyme. Pour into the prepared baking dish and bake for about 35 to 45 minutes, until the top is golden brown. <END>
INPUT: Italian, turkey tenderloins, purchased pesto, provolone cheese, basil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Turkey Tenderloins with Pesto and Provolone Cheese | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 4 turkey tenderloins (about 2 1/4 pounds); 8 tablespoons purchased pesto; 3 ounces thinly sliced provolone cheese, cut into 1/2-inch-wide strips; Fresh basil sprigs (optional) | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 375°F. Cut each tenderloin lengthwise almost in half. Sprinkle inside and out with salt and pepper. Spread 1 tablespoon pesto inside each. Then insert cheese strips, dividing equally. Using toothpicks, skewer tenderloins closed. Brush each all over with 1 tablespoon pesto. Arrange tenderloins on rimmed baking sheet. Bake tenderloins until thermometer inserted near center registers 160°F., about 20 minutes. Slice tenderloins crosswise into 3/4-inch-thick rounds; arrange on serving platter. Whisk any juices and browned bits on baking sheet to blend; spoon over turkey. Garnish wit <END>
INPUT: anna, butter, baking potatoes, heavy cream, Salt pepper, handful thyme rosemary
OUTPUT: TITLE: Potatoes Anna | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Melted butter, for brushing; 3 pounds/1.4 kg baking potatoes, such as Yukon gold or russets; 2 cups/500 ml heavy cream; Salt and freshly ground pepper; A handful or 2 of chopped fresh thyme and rosemary | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat the oven to 400 degrees F/200 degrees C. Line an 8-inch/20 cm baking tin with parchment, and brush with butter. Peel and thinly slice the potatoes, then toss in a bowl with the cream to saturate. Pulling the potatoes from the cream, build layers of them in the baking tin, seasoning and scattering over the herbs as you go. Brush another sheet of parchment with butter and place it butter-side down on the potatoes. Set another heavy dish on top to weigh down the potatoes. Bake until tender, 1 to 1 1/2 hours. Let cool before turning out and cutting into squares or wedges to serve. <END>
INPUT: waffles, all purpose flour, buckwheat flour, sugar, baking powder, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Buckwheat Waffles | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 88 ounces all-purpose flour; 45 ounces buckwheat flour; 24 ounces sugar; 1.7 ounces baking powder; 2 tablespoons salt; 1 tablespoon baking soda; 5 quarts buttermilk; 36 ounces melted butter; 24 eggs, separated; Cooking spray | INSTRUCTIONS: Mix the flours, sugar, baking powder, salt and baking soda together. Put in a mixing bowl and turn on speed one, using the paddle attachment. Quickly add the buttermilk. Scrape down the sides and bottom of the bowl and the paddle with a rubber spatula. Slowly pour the melted butter into the bowl while the mixer is running. Slowly pour the egg yolks into the bowl while the mixer is running. Transfer this batter to another bowl. Whip the egg whites to medium peaks in a new bowl with the whisk attachment of your mixer. Fold in one-third of the whites with a rubber spatula. Now fold in the remaini <END>
INPUT: sweet potatoes, vegetable oil, Kosher salt pepper, pure maple syrup, lemon zest
OUTPUT: TITLE: Maple-Roasted Sweet Potatoes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 pounds small sweet potatoes (about 5), peeled and cut lengthwise into 1-inch wedges; 1 tablespoon vegetable oil; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 tablespoon pure maple syrup; 1/2 teaspoon finely grated lemon zest; Sea salt and freshly grated nutmeg, to taste, for serving | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Toss the sweet potatoes on a large, foil-lined rimmed baking sheet with the oil; season, to taste, with salt and pepper. Roast the potatoes for 20 minutes. Remove the pan from the oven and toss the potatoes with the syrup. Back in the oven, roast, tossing twice, until the potatoes are beginning to brown and are tender, about 15 minutes more. To serve, sprinkle warm potatoes with freshly grated lemon zest, sea salt, and nutmeg to taste. <END>
INPUT: riginal, recipe, peanut oil, cabbage, Kosher salt, MOE's secret spice, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: MOE'riginal Eggroll Recipe | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 gallon peanut oil, for frying; 8 ounces green cabbage, shredded; Kosher salt; 1 tablespoon MOE's secret spice mix; 1/4 teaspoon black pepper; 8 ounces ground chicken (dark meat); 4 eggroll wrappers | INSTRUCTIONS: Over medium heat in a large saute pan, place a small amount of oil and saute the cabbage until golden brown. Remove from the heat, season with some salt and let cool. Mix the MOE's secret spices, 1 teaspoon salt and the pepper into the ground chicken until fully incorporated. Once cool, mix the cabbage into the ground chicken. Cut each eggroll wrapper in half. Place 2 ounces of filling at one end, wet the other end with water and roll into a cigar shape, leaving the ends open. In a large pot or fryer, heat the oil to 350 degrees F. Fry the eggrolls until the internal temperature is 170 degrees <END>
INPUT: sugar, coconut oil, eggs, vanilla extract
OUTPUT: TITLE: Toasted Coconut Cake | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups brown sugar; 1/2 cup (1 stick) salted butter, softened, plus more for greasing the pans; 1/2 cup coconut oil; 5 large eggs, separated, at room temperature; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; 2 1/4 cups cake flour, plus more for flouring the pans; 1 teaspoon baking powder; 1/2 teaspoon baking soda; 1/4 teaspoon fine salt; 1 cup plain yogurt; 2 cups flaked coconut, chopped; 1 pound cream cheese, softened; 1/2 cup (1 stick) salted butter, softened; 1 teaspoon coconut extract; 2 pounds powdered sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: three 9-inch round cake pans For the cake: Preheat the oven to 330 degrees F. In a large bowl with an electric mixer, beat the brown sugar, butter and oil until well blended. Add the egg yolks 1 at a time and beat well after each addition. Add the vanilla extract. In a separate bowl, combine the flour, baking powder, baking soda and salt. Add one-quarter of the dry ingredients to the sugar-butter mixture followed by one-quarter of the yogurt, beating well after each addition. Then add half of the remaining dry ingredients followed by the remaining yogurt, beating well after  <END>
INPUT: spiced, labneh, allspice, Aleppo pepper, Kosher salt pepper, Olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spiced Labneh | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup labneh (Lebanese strained yogurt); 1/4 teaspoon ground allspice; 1 1/2 teaspoons Aleppo pepper, plus more for serving; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; Olive oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Whisk labneh, allspice, and 1 1/2 teaspoons Aleppo pepper in a medium bowl; season with salt and black pepper. Drizzle with oil and top with more Aleppo pepper. Whisk labneh, allspice, and 1 1/2 teaspoons Aleppo pepper in a medium bowl; season with salt and black pepper. Drizzle with oil and top with more Aleppo pepper. <END>
INPUT: fingers, potatoes, potato chips, egg, milk
OUTPUT: TITLE: Potato Chip Chicken Fingers and Baked Potatoes a la Mode | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 whole boneless, skinless chicken breast; 5 to 6 ounces potato chips, plain, barbecue, or sour cream; 1 egg; 2 tablespoons milk | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Cut the chicken into finger-size pieces. Fill a large, re-sealable plastic bag with the potato chips, seal the bag, and crush the chips with the back of a wooden spoon. In a small bowl, whisk the egg and milk. Dip the chicken pieces into the egg mixture, then into the bag. Shake gently to cover. Place on an un-greased cookie sheet. Bake for 20 minutes, flipping once during the cooking time. Serve with barbecue sauce, salsa, or honey mustard. <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, gyro, lamb leg shoulder, garlic, thyme, oregano, rosemary
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lamb Gyro with Tzatziki Sauce and Spicy Sour Cream Sauce | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 2 pounds boneless lamb leg or shoulder, trimmed of excess fat and cut into 1 1/2-inch chunks; 3 cloves garlic, crushed; 1/2 teaspoon dried thyme; 1/2 teaspoon dried oregano; 1/2 teaspoon dried rosemary; 3 tablespoons olive oil, divided; Juice of 1/2 a lemon; 1 teaspoon salt; 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 8 pocketless pita bread; 2 tomatoes, thinly sliced; Shredded iceberg lettuce; 6 ounces feta, crumbled; Tzatziki Sauce, Serena Palumbo's recipe follows; Spicy Sour Cream Sauce, Serena Palumbo's recipe follows | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large bowl, toss the cubed lamb with the garlic, thyme, oregano, rosemary, and lemon juice. Coat the lamb completely. Let the lamb marinate for 30 minutes. Heat a large, deep skillet over high heat and drizzle in the remaining 2 tablespoons of olive oil. Season the lamb with 1 teaspoon salt, and 1/2 teaspoon pepper. Add the lamb to the skillet and cook until browned on all sides and cooked to medium-rare, about 4 minutes on each side. Heat the pita bread in a dry pan or in the microwave for just a few seconds until warm and pliable. On each piece of bread, lay a few pieces of lamb, some t <END>
INPUT: peppery, mashed, russet, kosher salt, milk, unsalted butter, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Peppery Horseradish Mashed Potatoes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 pounds russet (baking) potatoes (3 medium), peeled and cut into 1-inch pieces; 2 teaspoons kosher salt; 1/2 cup whole milk; 3 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 2 tablespoons bottled horseradish, drained | INSTRUCTIONS: Put potatoes and kosher salt in a large heavy saucepan and generously cover with cold water. Bring to a boil then reduce heat and simmer, partially covered, until potatoes are tender, about 20 minutes. Drain well and return to saucepan. Meanwhile, heat milk and butter in a small saucepan until butter is melted and milk is hot but not boiling. Add milk mixture, along with horseradish and pepper, to potatoes and mash with a potato masher or fork (to desired consistency). Season with salt and serve warm. Put potatoes and kosher salt in a large heavy saucepan and generously cover with cold water.  <END>
INPUT: dumplings, cornmeal, flour, carrot, water, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cornmeal Dumplings | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups cornmeal; 1 lb. flour; 1 grated carrot; 2 cups water; 1/4 tsp. salt; 2 cups coconut milk powder; 1 cup evaporated milk; 4 cups vegetable stock; 1 carrot grated; 8 oz. tomato paste; 2 Tbs. thyme; 2 finely chopped pimento peppers (seeds removed); 2 Tbs. butter; Dash of Angostura Bitters; Salt and pepper to taste | INSTRUCTIONS: In a mixing bowl place the cornmeal, flour, grated carrot and salt. Mix these ingredients until blended together. Make a well in the cornmeal mixture and add water, knead until the dough is firm to the touch. Cover the bowl with a cloth or tea towel and set aside. Place a large pot on the stove over medium heat. Add the butter and let melt. Once butter has melted add the thyme, pimento peppers, grated carrot, vegetable stock, tomato paste, coconut milk, Angostura bitters and evaporated milk. Bring to a boil. Once boiling reduce heat to medium, place the dumplings into the pot cover. Cook for 1 <END>
INPUT: berry, parfait, plain yogurt, your favorite granola, berries, honey
OUTPUT: TITLE: Granola, Yogurt, Berry Parfait | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups plain yogurt; 2 cups your favorite granola; 2 cups fresh berries (raspberries, blueberries, strawberries (hulled and sliced), and/or other fruit such as bananas, peaches or mangos, peeled and sl; 4 tablespoons honey | INSTRUCTIONS: Line up 4 parfait, white wine, or other tall glasses. Spoon 2 tablespoons of yogurt into each glass and smooth surface. Spoon 2 tablespoons of granola overtop and smooth surface. Spoon 2 tablespoons of fruit overtop and smooth surface. Repeat the process, adding a bit of honey here and there, to taste. <END>
INPUT: Italian, sauce, linguine, shallots, garlic, wine
OUTPUT: TITLE: Linguine with Steamed Cockles in Saffron-Tarragon Sauce | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 12 ounces linguine; 2 tablespoons (1/4 stick) butter; 1/4 cup chopped shallots; 3 garlic cloves, minced; 1 cup dry white wine; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh tarragon, divided; 1/4 teaspoon (scant) saffron threads; 2 pounds cockles or small Manila clams, scrubbed; 2 tablespoons whipping cream | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook linguine in large pot of boiling salted water until tender but still firm to bite, stirring occasionally. Drain. Meanwhile, melt butter in heavy large skillet over medium heat. Add shallots and garlic; sauté 2 minutes. Add wine, 1 tablespoon tarragon, and saffron. Increase heat to high; bring to boil. Add cockles; cover and cook until cockles open, about 3 minutes. Use tongs to transfer cockles to bowl (discard any that do not open). Stir cream into sauce in skillet. Season with salt and pepper. Add pasta to skillet; toss. Divide pasta and sauce between 2 flat bowls and sprinkle with 1 ta <END>
INPUT: salad, sandwiches, beans, hard eggs, celery, sweet onion Vidalia, mayonnaise
OUTPUT: TITLE: Egg Salad and Green Bean Sandwiches | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 16 green beans, trimmed; 6 hard-cooked large eggs, chilled; 1/4 cups chopped celery; 1/4 cups chopped sweet onion such as Vidalia, Walla Walla, or Maui; 1/4 cup mayonnaise; 1 tablespoon honey Dijon mustard; eight 1/2-inch-thick slices multigrain bread (each about 4 by 2 1/2 inches) | INSTRUCTIONS: In a small saucepan of boiling salted water cook beans until just tender, about 3 minutes. Drain beans and plunge into a bowl of ice and cold water to stop cooking. Remove beans from water and pat dry with paper towels. Chop eggs and in a bowl stir together with celery, onion, mayonnaise, mustard, and salt and pepper to taste. Spread egg salad on 4 bread slices and top each sandwich with 4 beans and remaining bread slices. In a small saucepan of boiling salted water cook beans until just tender, about 3 minutes. Drain beans and plunge into a bowl of ice and cold water to stop cooking. Remove b <END>
INPUT: scandinavian, rare, unsalted butter, Fine sea salt, pepper, shelled peas
OUTPUT: TITLE: Scandinavian-Style Rare-Cooked Salmon with Fava Beans and Peas | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, thinly sliced, plus additional for greasing casseroles; 4 (7-ounce) very fresh salmon fillets; Fine sea salt, to taste; Freshly ground white pepper, to taste; 3/4 cup shelled small peas; 24 shelled fava beans, skinned; 12 snow peas, cut across into thin strips; 4 teaspoons julienned bacon; 4 scallions, top 1-inch only (white part), quartered lengthwise; 1/2 cup shredded iceberg lettuce; 2 cups fish fumet (see recipe); 4 small sprigs fresh mint, plus 8 leaves, chopped; 2 pounds heads and bones from black bass, red snapper, or halibut; 2 tablespoons corn oil; 1 medium onion, peeled and very thinly sliced | INSTRUCTIONS: Butter 4 individual, shallow, flame-proof casseroles and set aside. Trim and discard the thin belly section from the salmon fillets and season the fillets on both sides with salt and pepper. Place the salmon in the center of the casseroles and surround the fillets, in this order, with the peas, fava beans, snow peas, bacon, scallions and lettuce. Season the vegetables with salt and pepper. Lay the butter slices over the vegetables. (Recipe may be made ahead to this point several hours ahead; cover and chill.) Pour the fish fumet into the dishes and place each dish on top of a stove burner turn <END>
INPUT: stir, grapeseed oil, garlic, goat Thai bird, onions, lobsters
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lobster-Mango Stir Fry with Coconut-Butter Johnny Cake | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon grapeseed oil; 4 garlic cloves, sliced; 4 goat or Thai bird peppers, stemmed and chopped; 2 red onions, minced; 4 large lobsters, heads removed, and cut with shell on, at the joints into about 6 pieces, the claws cut in half diagonally; 4 large mangos, peeled and cut into 1/2 inch dice; 1 cup green peas; 4 cups kale, washed and sliced, may substitute any bitter greens; 1 cup rum; 4 cups fish stock; 3 tablespoons butter; Salt and pepper; 8 Johnny Cakes, recipe follows; 1/2 pound butter, softened; 1/4 cup unsweetened coconut flakes | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat a wok over high heat. Add the oil and swirl to coat the pan. When the oil shimmers, add the garlic, goat peppers, and onions and saute until soft, about 2 minutes. Add the lobster and move it around with the other ingredients. Add the mangos, peas, and kale, and continue moving the contents around. Flambe with the rum, and reduce by 1/2. Then add the fish stock and further reduce by 1/4. Add the butter and continue stirring. Check for seasonings. The mixture should have a broth-like consistency. Divide the lobster and broth among 4 large pasta bowls. Arrange two Johnny Cakes on the sides  <END>
INPUT: salad, bell peppers, oregano, olives, olive oil, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spinach Salad with Creamy Yogurt Dressing | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 red bell peppers, roasted, seeded, peeled and julienned; 1 bunch oregano, leaves only, roughly chopped; 1/2 cup green olives, pitted and roughly chopped; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 1 bunch spinach, stems removed, washed and dried; 1/4 red cabbage, cored and finely shredded; 3 Italian Roma tomatoes, cored, seeded julienned; 1 small red onion, julienned; 1 small jicama, peeled and julienned; 2 pickling cucumbers, peeled and julienned; Creamy Yogurt Dressing, recipe follows; Juice of 1 lemon; 2 tablespoons olive oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Mix together the red pepper strips, oregano, olives, olive oil, salt and pepper in a small bowl and reserve. For the salad, tear the spinach leaves into bite-sized pieces. Place in a large bowl with the cabbage, tomatoes, red onion, jicama and cucumbers and toss well. Top with dressing and serve. For the dressing, combine the lemon juice, olive oil, salt, pepper and garlic in a blender and puree until smooth. Add the yogurt and blend briefly to combine. To serve, pour the yogurt dressing over the salad and toss to coat evenly. Divide and place on 6 serving plates. Top each with a large spoonfu <END>
INPUT: crusted, skewers, Kosher salt pepper, Canola oil, mayonnaise, grain Dijon mustard
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pretzel-Crusted Chicken Skewers | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 boneless, skinless chicken breast halves; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; Canola oil, for grilling; 1/2 cup mayonnaise; 1/2 cup whole-grain Dijon mustard; 1 cup finely crushed pretzels; 1/3 cup grated Parmesan | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Special equipment: 12 bamboo skewers Preheat a grill pan over medium-high heat. Cut each piece of chicken lengthwise into 6 slices. Thread each strip through a bamboo skewer. Sprinkle the chicken generously with salt and pepper. Using a rag and tongs, generously oil the grill pan. Place the chicken skewers on the grill. Cook the chicken until lightly charred and cooked through, 2 to 3 minutes per side. Remove the skewers from the grill to a plate or sheet tray and cover to keep warm. In a small bowl stir together mayonnaise and mustard. Put the crushed pretzels o <END>
INPUT: unsalted butter, andouille sausage, onion, celery, sage
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cornbread-Andouille Stuffing | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 stick unsalted butter, plus more for the baking dish; 1 pound andouille sausage, diced; 1 onion, finely chopped; 5 stalks celery, finely chopped; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh sage; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh thyme; Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper; 3 to 3 1/2 cups low-sodium chicken or turkey broth; 2 large eggs; 1/2 cup chopped fresh parsley; 6 cups 1/2 -inch stale potato bread cubes (about 10 ounces); 6 cups 1/2 -inch stale cornbread cubes (about 10 ounces); 2 tablespoons fat from the turkey drippings (or butter) | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F and butter a 3-quart baking dish. Melt 2 tablespoons butter in a large skillet over medium heat. Add the sausage and cook, stirring, until browned, about 5 minutes. Remove with a slotted spoon and transfer to a plate. Melt the remaining 6 tablespoons butter in the skillet, then add the onion, celery, sage, thyme, 1 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of pepper. Cook, stirring, until the vegetables are tender, about 5 minutes. Add 3 cups broth and bring to a boil; remove from the heat. Whisk the eggs and parsley in a large bowl. Add the potato bread, cornbread, saus <END>
INPUT: turkey, breast, butter, onion, celery, garlic, Kosher salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Stuffed Turkey Breast | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons butter; 1 large onion, diced; 2 stalks celery, diced; 3 cloves garlic, minced; Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper; 2 sweet Italian sausages (8 ounces), casings removed; 3/4 cup dried cranberries; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh sage; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh rosemary; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh thyme; 1/2 cup white wine; One 1-pound French rustic loaf, cut into 1-inch cubes, dried or toasted (or 9 cups store-bought); 1 cup chicken broth; 1 egg, beaten; 3 tablespoons chopped fresh flat-leaf parsley | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Add the butter to a large skillet over medium-high heat. Once melted and foaming, add the onion, celery, and garlic and saute until tender, about 3 minutes. Season the mixture with salt and pepper. Add the sausage to the pan and immediately begin breaking it up with the back of a wooden spoon so it will cook down and crumble. Cook the sausage until it's browned, about 6 minutes, then add the cranberries, sage, rosemary and thyme and cook for 1 to 2 more minutes. Stir in the white wine and use your wooden spoon to scrape up the b <END>
INPUT: asparagus, Good olive oil, Kosher salt, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Asparagus | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 pounds fresh asparagus; Good olive oil; Kosher salt; Freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Break off the tough ends of the asparagus and, if they're thick, peel them. Place the asparagus on a sheet pan, drizzle with olive oil, then toss to coat the asparagus completely. Spread the asparagus in a single layer and sprinkle liberally with salt and pepper. Roast the asparagus for 15 to 20 minutes, until tender, but still crisp. <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, couscous, chicken breasts, water, onions, olive oil, saffron
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken Couscous | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 2 pounds chicken breasts; 1 gallon water; 2 ounces chopped onions; 1 tablespoon olive oil; Pinch saffron; 1 to 2 drops yellow food coloring; Salt and pepper; 1 pound carrots; 1/2 pound turnips; 1/2 pound cabbage; 1/2 pound zucchini; 1/2 pound eggplant; 1/2 pound tomatoes; 1 1/2 ounces chick peas (garbanzo) pre-cooked; 2 tablespoons finely chopped coriander | INSTRUCTIONS: To 1 gallon of boiling water (in large pot) add the chicken breasts, 2 ounces of onions, 1 tablespoon olive oil, a pinch of saffron, 1 to 2 drops of yellow food coloring and salt and pepper to taste. Cook for 1 hour. Add vegetables and continue boiling for 1/2 hour, or as needed for vegetables to cook. To cook Couscous semolina, follow instructions on box. Garnish with coriander and parsley. <END>
INPUT: crostini, crumbs, loaf Italian French, Good quality olive, garlic, Kosher salt, Swiss chard
OUTPUT: TITLE: Crostini with Cannellini, Chard, and Bread Crumbs | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 loaf Italian or French bread (about 1 pound); Good quality olive oil; 2 cloves garlic, finely minced; Kosher salt; 1 1/2 pounds Swiss chard, finely chopped; 2 (15 ounce) cans cannellini beans; 1 large lemon; 1/4 teaspoon dried thyme | INSTRUCTIONS: Slice the bread 1/2-inch thick; set aside 1/4 of the slices. Brush the remaining slices on both sides with olive oil and toast until golden brown on both sides in a broiler or on a grill. Set aside. (If bread slices are large, you may want to cut in half crosswise for easier serving.) Tear the remaining bread slices into small pieces and whirl in a blender or food processor until you have fine bread crumbs. Pour 3 tablespoons olive oil into a wide frying pan and heat over medium-high heat. Add half of the minced garlic and stir for a few seconds until the garlic is fragrant. Add the bread crum <END>
INPUT: baby carrots, unsalted butter, honey, Salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Honey-Glazed Baby Carrots | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound baby carrots, trimmed and peeled; 2 tablespoon unsalted butter; 2 tablespoon honey; Salt and pepper, to taste | INSTRUCTIONS: In a steamer set over boiling water steam the carrots, covered, for 4 to 8 minutes, or until they are just tender. In a small skillet melt the butter with the honey over moderately low heat, add the carrots and salt and pepper to taste, and cook the carrots, tossing them, for 1 minute, or until they are well-coated with the glaze. <END>
INPUT: citrus, glaze, orange blossom honey, orange juice, lemon peel, lime peel, hot chili sauce
OUTPUT: TITLE: Seared Scallops with Spicy Honey-Citrus Glaze on Celery Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup orange blossom honey; 1/4 cup fresh orange juice; 4 teaspoons finely grated lemon peel; 2 teaspoons finely grated lime peel; 1 1/2 teaspoons hot chili sauce (such as sriracha)*; 2 cups finely chopped celery (about 4 large stalks); 1 cup finely chopped red bell pepper (about 1 medium); 1 cup finely chopped orange bell pepper (about 1 medium); 1/4 cup apple cider vinegar; 3 tablespoons butter; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 2 garlic cloves, minced; 12 large sea scallops, side muscle removed; Chopped fresh chives | INSTRUCTIONS: For glaze: Stir all ingredients in small saucepan over medium heat until heated through. Set aside. DO AHEAD: Can be made 1 day ahead. Cover and chill. Rewarm before continuing. Stir all ingredients in small saucepan over medium heat until heated through. Set aside. DO AHEAD: Can be made 1 day ahead. Cover and chill. Rewarm before continuing. For salad: Mix all ingredients in large bowl. DO AHEAD: Can be made 2 hours ahead. Cover and chill. Mix all ingredients in large bowl. DO AHEAD: Can be made 2 hours ahead. Cover and chill. For scallops: Preheat broiler. Melt butter with oil in heavy large <END>
INPUT: Vegetable oil deep, french rolls, butter, garlic, Remoulade Sauce
OUTPUT: TITLE: Shrimp Po' Boy | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Vegetable oil for deep-frying; 4 french rolls, split and opened, leaving one side attached; 4 tablespoons melted butter; 1 teaspoon minced garlic; Remoulade Sauce (recipe below); 3 eggs, beaten; 2 tablespoons Creole seasoning; 3/4 cup flour; 2 cups Kikkoman Panko Bread Crumbs; 2 pounds jumbo shrimp, peeled and deveined; 2 cups shredded lettuce | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine butter and garlic; brush on rolls and toast in the oven until lightly browned. Heat oil to 360 degrees F in dee fryer or heavy 2-quart saucepan. Mix flour and Creole seasoning. Bread shrimp by dipping first into flour mixture, then into eggs; roll in panko. In batches, fry shrimp in hot oil until golden brown. Spread remoulade sauce on rolls; top with shrimp and lettuce. To make Remoulade Sauce, mix together 1/2 cup mayonnaise, 2 tablespoons Kikkoman Ponzu Sauce, 1 tablespoon prepared horseradish, 1 tablespoonpickle relish, 1 teaspoon minced garlic and 1/2 teaspoon cayenne pepper. Make <END>
INPUT: portobellos, coconut oil, portobello mushrooms, scallions, jumbo lump crabmeat, Creole seasoning
OUTPUT: TITLE: Crab Stuffed Portobellos | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons coconut oil, melted; 1 pound large portobello mushrooms, gills removed, stems removed and stems diced; 2 scallions, sliced; 4 ounces jumbo lump crabmeat; 1 teaspoon Creole seasoning; Himalayan pink salt; Ground black pepper; 1/2 cup shredded Parmesan | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Put a large skillet over medium-high heat and add 2 tablespoons of the coconut oil. Once heated, add the portobello stems and sliced scallions and saute until tender, about 2 minutes. Fold in the crabmeat, Creole seasoning, and salt and pepper to taste. Brush the mushroom caps with the last tablespoon of coconut oil. Stuff the caps with the crab filling and put into the oven to roast for 15 minutes. Remove the mushrooms from the oven and top with the Parmesan. Put back into the oven and continue cooking until the cheese has melt <END>
INPUT: Mexican, fool, labne, heavy cream, sugar, mangoes, lime juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mango Lime Fool with Dates | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup labne (thick Greek-style) yogurt or sour cream; 1/2 cup heavy cream; 3 tablespoons sugar, preferably organic washed cane sugar, or to taste; 2 ripe mangoes, peeled and coarsely chopped; 2 teaspoons fresh lime juice; 4 pitted dates, thinly sliced; 2 tablespoons chopped toasted pistachios, optional | INSTRUCTIONS: In a medium bowl, whisk the yogurt to loosen it. In another medium bowl, beat the cream with 1 1/2 tablespoons of the sugar until it thickens slightly (it should not be thick enough to hold peaks). Fold the whipped cream into the yogurt. In a blender or food processor, puree the mangoes, lime juice, and the remaining 1 1/2 tablespoons sugar. Add more sugar to taste, if desired. Fold the mango puree into the yogurt and cream mixture until they are partially combined. Spoon the fool into 4 glasses and chill until ready to serve. Garnish with the dates and pistachios, if desired. <END>
INPUT: roast, low sodium soy, Chinese rice wine, hoisin sauce, honey, peanut oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Hoisin-Glazed Roast Chicken | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup low-sodium soy sauce; 2 tablespoons Chinese rice wine; 2 tablespoons hoisin sauce; 2 tablespoons honey; 2 tablespoons peanut oil; 1 star anise pod, broken into points; 1/2 teaspoon Szechuan peppercorns, crushed with a knife; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro (stems and leaves); 3 scallions, finely chopped; 3 cloves garlic, coarsely chopped; 2 quartered chickens (3 to 3 1/2 pounds each) | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat the peanut oil in a large skillet over high heat. Add the star anise and peppercorns; cook, stirring, until toasted, about 10 seconds. Add the cilantro, scallions and garlic and cook 30 seconds. Add the soy sauce mixture and simmer over medium heat until slightly reduced, 2 to 3 minutes. Transfer to a large bowl and let cool, then add the chicken and toss. Cover and refrigerate 4 hours. Transfer the chicken to a rack set in a roasting pan (reserve the marinade). Refrigerate the chicken, uncovered, about 3 hours to dry out the skin. Position a rack in the upper third of the oven; preheat t <END>
INPUT: American, korean, pizza, eye, mirin, kiwi, pepper, soy sauce
OUTPUT: TITLE: Korean BBQ Pizza | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 pounds rib-eye, sliced paper thin; 2 tablespoons mirin; 1 kiwi, juiced; 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 1/4 cup soy sauce; 1/2 cup cola; 2 tablespoons black sesame oil; 1 tablespoon minced garlic; 2 stalks green onions, julienned; 1 (15-ounce) can tomato sauce; 1 (6-ounce can tomato paste; 1/4 cup chopped Kimchee, liquid reserved; 1 tablespoon ground oregano; 1 tablespoon dried parsley; 1 1/2 teaspoons minced garlic | INSTRUCTIONS: Put the beef in a large mixing bowl, and add all the marinade ingredients. Toss to make sure the beef is well coated. Cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate for at least 2 hours or overnight. Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. In a medium bowl, mix together the tomato sauce and tomato paste until smooth. Stir in the kimchee liquid from the container, the oregano, parsley, garlic, paprika, fennel and red pepper flakes. Transfer the mixture to a saucepan, put over medium-low heat and simmer to blend flavors. Let simmer for about 20 minutes. Preheat an indoor grill pan, but if not available, use <END>
INPUT: clubs, onion, apple cider vinegar, turkey bacon, Hass avocado, nonfat plain Greek
OUTPUT: TITLE: Turkey-Avocado Clubs | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/3 cup thinly sliced red onion; 2 tablespoons apple cider vinegar; 8 slices turkey bacon; 1 Hass avocado, halved and pitted; 1/2 cup nonfat plain Greek yogurt; Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper; 8 slices whole-grain bread, lightly toasted; 8 small leaves romaine lettuce; 1 tomato, cut into 8 slices; 12 ounces sliced low-sodium deli turkey breast; 1/2 small English cucumber, sliced | INSTRUCTIONS: Toss the onion with the vinegar and 2 tablespoons water in a small bowl. Let stand 15 minutes, then drain. Meanwhile, cook the turkey bacon as the label directs until crisp. Mash the avocado with the yogurt in another small bowl until smooth. Season with salt and pepper. Lay 4 slices of bread on a cutting board and spread with half of the avocado-yogurt mixture. Top with the lettuce and tomato and season with salt and pepper. Add a layer of turkey breast, bacon, cucumber and red onion. Spread the remaining avocado mixture on the remaining 4 bread slices and place spread-side down on top of the <END>
INPUT: Indian, curried, cauliflower, cumin seeds, coriander seeds, mustard seeds, orange peel
OUTPUT: TITLE: Broiled Curried-flower | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 1 medium head cauliflower (about 1 1/2 pounds); 1/2 teaspoon whole cumin seeds; 1/2 teaspoon whole coriander seeds; 1/2 teaspoon yellow mustard seeds; 1/2 teaspoon dried orange peel; 1/2 teaspoon ground turmeric; 1/2 teaspoon fenugreek seeds; 1/2 cup canola oil; 1 cup boiling water; 1 1/2 teaspoons kosher salt, divided | INSTRUCTIONS: Position an oven rack approximately 4 inches from the broiler and preheat to the high broil setting. Rinse and trim any green leaves from the head of the cauliflower, leaving as much of the center stalk as possible. Lay the head, stem up, on a cutting board and cut in half from top to bottom. Lay each half on its side and cut in half again. Slice each quarter pie style into wedges, so that a piece of core holds each wedge together and the outer edge thickness is not more than 3/4-inch thick. Lay the cauliflower onto a cooling rack set inside a half sheet pan and cover with aluminum foil, leavi <END>
INPUT: Italian, lamb, loin, olive oil, Dijon mustard, maple syrup, sage leaves, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Lamb Loin Chop with Roasted Mustard/Sage Sweet Potatoes, Mexican Mint Marigold Pesto and War | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon olive oil; 3 tablespoons Dijon mustard; 2 tablespoons maple syrup; 1 tablespoon minced fresh sage leaves; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 1/8 teaspoon pepper; 2 small sweet potatoes, peeled, cut into 1/4-inch thick disks; Cooking spray; 1/4 cup Mexican mint marigold (or tarragon), packed; 2 cloves minced garlic; 1 tablespoon grated Parmesan; 2 tablespoons chopped pecans; 1/4 cup chicken stock or water; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1/2 teaspoon salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Sweet Potatoes: Preheat the oven to 365 degrees F. Combine the first 6 ingredients. Toss with the sweet potatoes. Place the sweet potatoes in a single layer on a sprayed baking sheet. Roast for 20 to 25 minutes until beginning to brown. Pesto: Combine all ingredients in a food processor or blender and puree. Goat Cheese Sauce: Combine the goat cheese and half-and-half in a small saucepan and heat over low heat until goat cheese is melted and sauce is warm. Lamb: Preheat a grill or grill pan over high heat. Season the lamb with the salt and pepper. Grill to desired doneness, about 3 minutes per <END>
INPUT: Indian, pakoras, chickpea flour, spinach leaves, yogurt, cumin, coriander
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spinach and Onion Pakoras with Pear and Mint Chutney | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups chickpea flour; 1 cup chopped spinach leaves; 1 cup yogurt; 1 tablespoon ground cumin; 1 tablespoon ground coriander; 1 tablespoon dried fenugreek leaves, crushed with hands; 1 large onion, sliced thinly; Salt; 2 cups vegetable oil, for frying; Pear and Mint Chutney, recipe follows; 2 tablespoons grapeseed oil; 1 medium onion, finely chopped; 1 teaspoon cardamom seeds; 1 teaspoon fennel seeds; 2 extra-ripe pears, peeled, cored and chopped, such as Anjou or Bartlett | INSTRUCTIONS: Place the chickpea flour, spinach, yogurt, 1/2 cup water, cumin, coriander, fenugreek and onions into a large bowl. Season with salt and stir until well combined. Pour the oil into a large pot with a heavy bottom and heat to 350 degrees F. Carefully drop tablespoons of the batter into the hot oil and fry, in batches, until they rise to the surface and are golden brown, 3 to 5 minutes. Drain on a rack lined with paper towels and sprinkle with a little salt. Serve the pakoras with the Pear and Mint Chutney. Place a skillet over medium-high heat and add the oil. When hot, add the onions and cook  <END>
INPUT: oatmeal, pancakes, apple cider, honey, Golden Delicious apples, wheat flour, quick oats
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cinnamon Oatmeal Pancakes with Honey Apple Compote | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cups apple cider; 1 tablespoon honey; 2 Golden Delicious apples, peeled and cut into 1/2-inch chunks; 3/4 cup whole wheat flour; 3/4 cup quick-cooking oats; 2 tablespoons sugar; 1 teaspoon baking powder; 1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1/4 teaspoon fine salt; 1 cup lowfat (1-percent) milk; 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted and cooled; 1 large egg; 1 teaspoon canola oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring the cider to a boil in a small saucepan over high heat; lower the heat and simmer until reduced by half, 15 to 18 minutes. Stir in the honey and apples, reduce the heat to low and simmer until thick enough to coat the back of a spoon, about 30 minutes. Meanwhile, combine the flour, oats, sugar, baking powder, cinnamon and salt in a blender until the oats are finely ground. Add the milk, butter and egg and blend until smooth, scraping down the sides of the blender occasionally. Heat a nonstick skillet over medium-low heat. With a paper towel, wipe the oil on the surface of the heated skil <END>
INPUT: Mexican, crusted, salsa, tomatillos, jalapeño chile
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cumin-Crusted Chicken Thighs with Grilled Tomatillo Salsa | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 8 bone-in, skin-on chicken thighs; 1/4 cup (2 fl oz/60 ml) canola oil; 1/4 cup (1 oz/30 g) Cumin Crust Rub; 7 large tomatillos, papery husks removed, and cut in half; 1 jalapeño chile, halved lengthwise and seeded; 1/4 cup (2 fl oz/60 ml) fresh lime juice; 1 tablespoon olive oil; 1/2 cup (3/4 oz/20 g) chopped fresh cilantro; Kosher salt | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. In a large bowl, combine the chicken thighs and oil. Toss to coat the thighs evenly. Transfer the thighs to a platter and sprinkle evenly on all sides with the cumin rub. Set aside at room temperature. 2. Prepare a charcoal or gas grill for indirect grilling over medium heat; the temperature inside the grill should be 350°—375°F (180°—190°C). If using charcoal, bank the lit coals on either side of the grill bed, leaving a strip in the center without heat, and place a drip pan in the center. If using gas, preheat the burners, then turn off 1 or more of the burners to create a cooler zone. Br <END>
INPUT: water, peaches, sugar, distilled vinegar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pickled Peaches | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 (1,000-mg) vitamin C tablet (to prevent discoloration), crushed to a powder; 6 1/2 cups cold water; 24 firm-ripe small peaches (6 to 7 lb); 2 1/2 cups sugar; 1 1/4 cups distilled white vinegar; 4 teaspoons pickling spice; 1/4 teaspoon kosher salt; Special equipment: 6 (1-pt) canning jars with lids and screw bands; a boiling-water canner, or a deep 10- to 12-qt pot plus a flat metal rack; an inst | INSTRUCTIONS: Prepare peaches: Dissolve vitamin C powder in 6 cups water in a large bowl (to acidulate water). Cut a shallow X in bottom of each peach with a sharp paring knife and blanch in 4 batches in a 5- to 6-quart pot of boiling water 10 to 15 seconds. Transfer with a slotted spoon to a large bowl of ice and cold water and let stand until cool enough to handle. Peel peaches, then halve lengthwise and pit. Add peaches to acidulated water and let stand 10 minutes, then drain well in a colander. Toss peaches with sugar in a 6-quart wide heavy pot and chill, covered, at least 8 and up to 12 hours. Dissolv <END>
INPUT: spritzer, sugar, berry cranberry sauce, orange zest, water, wine
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cranberry-Orange Spritzer | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup sugar; 1/2 cup whole berry cranberry sauce; 2 teaspoons orange zest; 1 cup water; 1 cup dry white wine, optional; 3 cups seltzer water; 1 lemon, cut into wedges | INSTRUCTIONS: In a medium saucepan, heat the sugar, cranberry sauce, orange zest, and water over medium heat until it comes to a boil. Simmer for 3 minutes and then remove from the heat. Allow to sit for at least 30 minutes, then chill. Place ice into 4 glasses; pour 1/4 cup cranberry syrup into each glass. Add 1/4 cup white wine, if using, the juice from a wedge of lemon and 3/4 cup seltzer to each glass. <END>
INPUT: tortillas, all purpose flour, lard vegetable shortening, salt, very tap water
OUTPUT: TITLE: Flour Tortillas | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 cups all-purpose flour; 5 tablespoons lard or vegetable shortening; 1 teaspoon salt; 1 cup very warm tap water | INSTRUCTIONS: In a food processor combine 2 3/4 cups of the flour (reserve the remaining flour for rolling out the dough) with the lard or shortening. Pulse several times until the fat is evenly distributed throughout the flour and no particles of fat are visible. Dissolve the salt in 2/3 cup of the warm water. With the machine running, pour the liquid through the feed tube in a steady stream and stop the machine once the dough has come together in a ball. Feel the dough, it should be a medium-stiff consistency, not too firm but not as soft as most bread doughs. If the dough is too stiff, divide it into sev <END>
INPUT: Italian, elephant, ears, sun tomatoes, garlic, basil leaves, kosher salt, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tomato Basil Elephant Ears | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/4 cups sun-dried tomatoes, chopped; 3 tablespoons chopped garlic (9 cloves); 5 cups basil leaves, packed; 1 teaspoon kosher salt; 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 3/4 cup good olive oil; 1 cup freshly grated Parmesan; 1 sheet puff pastry, defrosted (recommended: Pepperidge Farm); 1 egg mixed with 1 tablespoon water, for egg wash | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. To make the paste, place the sun-dried tomatoes and garlic in the bowl of a food processor fitted with the steel blade. Process for 30 seconds. Add the basil, salt, and pepper. With the processor running, slowly pour the olive oil into the bowl through the feed tube and process until pureed. Add the Parmesan and puree for 15 seconds. Set aside. Unfold 1 sheet of puff pastry and place it on a lightly floured board. With a rolling pin, lightly roll the dough until it's a 13-inch square. Using a knife, spread the paste over the top <END>
INPUT: Indian, banana, low fat plain, cilantro, ginger, garlic, Sea salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken and Banana Curry | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups low-fat plain yogurt; 1 cup fresh cilantro, chopped; 1 tablespoon fresh ginger, peeled and grated; 3 cloves garlic; Sea salt; Freshly ground black pepper; 2 chicken breasts; 1/2 cup slivered almonds; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 5 cloves garlic, crushed; 2 large onions, finely chopped; 2 tablespoons all-purpose flour; Freshly cracked pepper; 2 tablespoons hot curry powder; 1/2 cup dark raisins | INSTRUCTIONS: For the marinade: Combine the yogurt, cilantro, ginger, garlic and some salt and pepper in a food processor. Blend until smooth. Pour the marinade into a large resealable bag. Rinse and pat dry the chicken and place in the bag with marinade. Mix around and refrigerate for 24 hours. For the chicken: Add the almonds to a pan over medium-high heat. Keep stirring until the nuts become golden in color, 7 to 10 minutes. Once they toast, remove from the pan and set aside. Heat the olive oil in a large frying pan over medium heat. Add the garlic and saute for until golden, 2 minutes. Throw in the onio <END>
INPUT: American, vegan, well sugar pumpkin, silken tofu, natural granulated sugar, cinnamon, pumpkin pie spice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Classic Vegan Pumpkin Pie | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 4 cups well-baked sugar pumpkin or butternut squash; 1 12.3-ounce package firm silken tofu; 1 1/3 cups natural granulated sugar; 2 teaspoons cinnamon; 2 teaspoons pumpkin pie spice mix; 2 9-inch good-quality natural pie crusts (pastry or graham cracker) | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. Preheat the oven to 350° F. 2. Combine the prebaked pumpkin or squash pulp in a food processor with the next 4 ingredients and process until velvety smooth. If you have a small or medium-size processor, you may need to do this with half the ingredients at a time. 3. Pour the filling into the crust. Bake for 40 to 45 minutes, or until the mixture is set and the crust is golden. Let the pies cool to room temperature. Cut into 6 or 8 wedges to serve. 1. Preheat the oven to 350° F. 2. Combine the prebaked pumpkin or squash pulp in a food processor with the next 4 ingredients and process until v <END>
INPUT: Italian, panzanella, olive oil, Kosher salt, English hothouse cucumber
OUTPUT: TITLE: Panzanella Tomato Toast with Crispy Capers and Basil Leaves | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup olive oil; 1/4 cup drained, dried capers; Kosher salt; 15 washed, well-dried fresh basil leaves; 1/2 large English hothouse cucumber, quartered, sliced 1/4" thick; 1 pound heirloom tomatoes, chopped (about 3 cups); 1/4 cup thinly sliced red onion; 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar; Freshly ground black pepper; 6 slices sesame-seeded Italian bread or country bread, toasted; 2 garlic cloves, halved | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat oil in a medium skillet over medium-high. Add capers and fry, stirring occasionally, until crisp, about 2 minutes. Using a slotted spoon, transfer capers to a paper towel-lined plate to drain and season with salt. Fry basil in batches in same skillet until crisp, about 30 seconds. Transfer to paper-towel lined plate and season with salt. Let oil in pan cool slightly. Toss cucumber, tomatoes, onion, vinegar, fried capers, and 1/4 cup warm caper-basil oil in a large bowl. Season with salt and pepper. Vigorously rub one side of hot toasts with garlic, then top with tomato mixture. Top with f <END>
INPUT: torn sourdough bread, olive oil, roasted chestnuts, Kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sourdough, Italian Sausage, and Chestnut Stuffing | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 cup (1 1/2 sticks) unsalted butter, cut into pieces, divided, plus more; 10 cups coarsely torn sourdough bread, dried out overnight; 2 tablespoons plus 1/4 cup olive oil; 1/2 cup chopped roasted chestnuts; Kosher salt, freshly ground pepper; 1 pound sweet Italian sausage, casings removed; 2 medium onions, chopped; 4 celery stalks, chopped; 2 chiles de árbol; 1 large Pink Lady apple, thinly sliced; 2 garlic cloves, finely chopped; 1/4 cup finely chopped fresh sage; 1/2 cup very dry Sherry; 2 large eggs; 3 cups chicken stock or low-sodium chicken broth, divided | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350°. Butter a shallow 3-quart baking dish and a sheet of foil. Place bread in a very large bowl. Heat 2 tablespoons oil in a small saucepan over medium heat. Add chestnuts, season with salt and pepper, and cook, stirring often, until chestnuts are golden and crisp, about 5 minutes. Transfer to bowl with bread with a slotted spoon. Heat remaining 1/4 cup oil in a large skillet over medium-high. Add sausage and cook, stirring occasionally and breaking into small pieces with a wooden spoon, until browned and cooked through, 8–10 minutes. Transfer to bowl with slotted spoon. Add o <END>
INPUT: American, poivre, demi, grapeseed oil, garlic, scallions, sun tomatoes, wine vinegar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Filet Mignon Au Poivre with Sun-Dried Tomato Demi-Glace and Sauteed Brussels Sprouts | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon grapeseed oil; 2 cloves garlic, lightly crushed with the side of a knife blade and minced; 4 scallions, white and tender green parts only, sliced on the bias; 1 cup sun-dried tomatoes (oil-packed or re-hydrated in water if dry packed), cut into 1/4-inch pieces; 1 tablespoon red wine vinegar; 1 teaspoon beef base stirred into 1 cup water (part of which should be the soaking liquid if re-hydrating the sun-dried tomatoes); 2 tablespoons butter, cubed; 1 pint (about 8) Brussels sprouts, tough outer leaves removed and halved; 1/2 pound bacon; 2 tablespoons butter; 1/2 teaspoon paprika; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 6 garlic cloves, lightly crushed with the side of a knife blade and minced; 1 tablespoon cracked black pepper; 4 (6-ounce) filet mignon steaks or 8 (3-ounce) steaks if serving as part of a duo plate | INSTRUCTIONS: To make the tomato demi-glace, heat grapeseed oil in a medium saucepot over medium-high heat. Add garlic and scallions and saute lightly for 1 minute. Stir in sun-dried tomatoes, vinegar, beef base and liquid. Let reduce by half. Blanch Brussels sprouts until just tender and drain well. Fry bacon until crisp in a large skillet with oven safe handles and drain on paper towels. Pour most of the bacon fat from the pan and melt butter over medium heat in the same pan. Sprinkle paprika over the cut side of blanched Brussels sprouts and saute cut side down in butter, leaving undisturbed for a few mi <END>
INPUT: shrimp, garlic, lemon juice, pepper, Creole seasoning
OUTPUT: TITLE: Creole Shrimp | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 stick (8 tablespoons) cold unsalted butter, cubed; 1 large clove garlic, minced; 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice; 1 tablespoon ground black pepper; 2 teaspoons Creole seasoning; 1/4 cup Worcestershire sauce; 1 jumbo head-on prawn, deveined, shell on | INSTRUCTIONS: In a medium skillet, heat the butter over medium-high heat until melted. Add the garlic, lemon juice, pepper, Creole seasoning and Worcestershire. Add the shrimp and cook until pink, 3 to 5 minutes. <END>
INPUT: meatballs, keftedes, pork, onion, tomato, Greek mint, Salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Greek Pork Meatballs: Pork Keftedes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 pound ground pork; 1 large red onion, minced or grated (about 1 cup); 1 large tomato, grated; 2 tablespoons dried Greek mint; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 3/4 cup milk; 1/4 to 1/2 cup plain bread crumbs, as needed; 1 1/2 cups all-purpose flour for dredging; Olive oil, for frying | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine the ground pork and onion in a mixing bowl. Add the tomato, mint, salt, and pepper, and knead well for 3 minutes to combine. Pour in the milk and continue kneading until the liquid is completely absorbed. If the mixture is so loose that the keftedes do not retain their shape, add a few tablespoonfuls of plain fine bread crumb. Cover the mixing bowl and refrigerate the mixture for at least 1 hour or up to 6 hours, so that the flavors meld. To form, season the flour with salt and pepper, and spread out on a large plate. Have a second, clean plate ready. Take a tablespoonful at a time of  <END>
INPUT: redeye, lamb shanks, vegetable oil, kidney beans, onion, bell pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: "Redeye" Braised Lamb Shanks and Beans | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 lamb shanks (about 1 pound each); 3 tablespoons vegetable oil; 1 pound dried kidney beans (about 2 1/4 cups), picked over; 1 large onion, chopped fine; 1 red bell pepper, chopped fine; 1 large carrot, cut into 1/4-inch dice; 4 garlic cloves, chopped; 2 slices bacon, chopped; 4 cups water plus 2 cups additional if not using coffee; 2 cups brewed coffee if desired; a bouquetgarni composed of 5 fresh parsley sprigs, 3 fresh thyme sprigs, and 2 fresh rosemary sprigs, tied; 2 bay leaves; 1/2 teaspoon dried hot red pepper flakes | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 300°F. Pat lamb shanks dry and season with salt. In a heavy ovenproof kettle large enough to hold shanks tightly in one layer heat oil over moderate heat until hot but not smoking and brown shanks in 2 batches, transferring to a plate. Add beans to kettle and top with shanks. Add remaining ingredients and bring to a boil over high heat, without stirring. Braise shank mixture, covered, in middle of oven 3 hours, or until lamb and beans are very tender. Alternatively, brown shanks in a large heavy skillet in same manner, transferring to a 17- by 11-inch roasting pan. Put beans ar <END>
INPUT: paprikas, onions, bell pepper, mushrooms, all purpose flour
OUTPUT: TITLE: Beef Paprikas | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 tablespoons (about) (1/2 stick) unsalted butter; 2 large onions, chopped; 1 large green bell pepper, chopped; 1 pound mushrooms, sliced; 2 tablespoons all purpose flour; 1 1/2 tablespoons paprika (preferably Hungarian sweet); 2 1/2 cups beef stock or canned unsalted beef broth; 1 tablespoon tomato paste; 3/4 cup sour cream; 3 tablespoons chopped fresh dill; 1 3/4 pounds center-cut beef tenderloin (chateaubriand), cut into 1/4- to 1/2-inch-thick slices, slices halved lengthwise; 1/4 cup dry white wine; Chopped tomatoes (optional) | INSTRUCTIONS: Melt 2 tablespoons butter in heavy large deep skillet over medium heat. Add onions and bell pepper and sauté until light golden, about 10 minutes. Add mushrooms and sauté until starting to soften, about 5 minutes. Mix in flour and paprika and stir 2 minutes. Mix in stock and tomato paste. Bring to boil, stirring constantly. Boil until sauce thickens and paprika flavor mellows, stirring frequently, about 8 minutes. Mix in sour cream. Remove from heat and add dill. Season to taste with salt and pepper. (Can be prepared 1 day ahead. Cover and refrigerate. Bring to simmer before adding beef.) Melt <END>
INPUT: soup, low sodium chicken, chicken, matzo meal, granulated garlic, baking powder
OUTPUT: TITLE: Matzo Ball Soup | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 to 3 quarts low-sodium chicken stock or broth; 1 3-pound chicken, trussed; 1 1/4 cups matzo meal; 1/2 teaspoon granulated garlic; 1/2 teaspoon baking powder; 1/2 teaspoon baking soda; Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper; 5 large eggs (3 separated); 1/4 cup melted chicken fat (schmaltz) or vegetable oil; 1/4 cup minced onion; 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, for forming the matzo balls; 4 large sprigs dill; 4 large sprigs parsley; 1 large carrot, thinly sliced; 2 celery stalks, thinly sliced | INSTRUCTIONS: Make the stock. In a large pot, bring 2 quarts chicken stock to a simmer. Add the chicken and return just to a simmer. Cover the chicken with a small heatproof plate to keep it submerged (add more stock if needed). Cover the pot and reduce the heat; gently simmer until the chicken is cooked through, about 1 1/2 hours. Remove the chicken and let cool slightly, then roughly cut up the meat and set aside; discard the skin and bones. Strain the stock into another large pot. Skim the fat off the surface of the stock using a spoon. Make the batter. Meanwhile, in a large bowl, whisk the matzo meal, g <END>
INPUT: Asian, iced, water, honey, sugar, Zest lemons
OUTPUT: TITLE: Iced Lemon Ginger "Tea | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: One (4-inch) piece fresh gingeroot; 6 cups water; 1/2 cup honey; 1/2 cup sugar; Zest of 2 lemons, removed with a vegetable peeler; 1 cup fresh lemon juice; Lemon slices | INSTRUCTIONS: Peel gingeroot and cut crosswise into thin slices. In a medium saucepan boil water, gingerroot, honey, sugar, and zest, stirring, until sugar is dissolved. Remove pan from heat and steep "tea", covered, 45 minutes. Uncover tea and cool completely. Remove gingeroot and zest with a slotted spoon and discard. Transfer tea to a pitcher and stir in lemon juice. Chill tea, covered, until cold and up to 2 days. Serve tea over ice in tall glasses and garnish with lemon slices <END>
INPUT: soup, leeks, three beans, tarragon, chicken broth, pale leek, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Creamy White Bean Soup with Leeks | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: three 19-ounce cans white beans, rinsed well in a sieve; 1/4 teaspoon dried tarragon; 2 cups chicken broth; 2 cups thinly sliced washed white and pale green part of leek; 3 garlic cloves, minced; 1/4 teaspoon dried hot red pepper flakes, or to taste; 3 tablespoons olive oil; 3/4 cup half-and-half; 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice | INSTRUCTIONS: In a blender purée the beans in batches with the tarragon and the broth and strain the purée through a fine sieve into a bowl, pressing hard on the solids. In a large saucepan cook the leek, the garlic, and the red pepper flakes in the oil over moderately low heat, stirring occasionally, until the leek is softened and begins to turn golden. Add the purée, the half-and-half, the lemon juice, and salt to taste and simmer the soup, stirring, for 5 minutes. In a blender purée the beans in batches with the tarragon and the broth and strain the purée through a fine sieve into a bowl, pressing hard o <END>
INPUT: brittle, Vegetable oil, water, sugar, cream tartar, light corn syrup
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cashew-Cinnamon Brittle | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Vegetable oil; 1/2 cup water; 2 cups sugar; 1/4 teaspoon cream of tartar; 1 cup light corn syrup; 2 teaspoons cinnamon; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 2 cups roasted, salted cashew nuts (if using unsalted cashew nuts, add 1/8 teaspoon salt with the sugar); 1 teaspoon baking soda | INSTRUCTIONS: Using vegetable oil, generously oil a sheet pan (preferably one with sides), at least 11 by 17 inches. In a medium-size heavy saucepan, combine the water, sugar, cream of tartar and corn syrup and bring to a boil over medium heat. Using a candy thermometer to test it, boil the mixture until it reaches 350 degrees, or is amber-colored. Remove from the heat and, working quickly, whisk in the cinnamon. Whisk in the butter, cashews, and baking soda. Pour the mixture onto the oiled pan and spread it out a bit with a wooden spoon, to about 1/4 to 1/2-inch thickness. Don't spread it too thinly. Let h <END>
INPUT: campfire, pinto beans, bacon, onion, garlic, chili powder
OUTPUT: TITLE: Campfire Beans | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 pounds pinto beans, picked over and rinsed; 1 pound bacon (or salt pork), chopped; 1 large onion, chopped; 2 cloves garlic, chopped; 3 tablespoons chili powder; 2 tablespoons sugar; 2 tablespoons salt; 2 tablespoons freshly ground black pepper; 1 (12-ounce) can diced tomatoes with green chiles; 3 whole jalapeno peppers | INSTRUCTIONS: Place beans in a large pot with a tight-fitting cover and add enough water to cover beans by about 2 inches. Bring to a boil over high heat. Meanwhile, place bacon, onion, and garlic in a medium cast iron frying pan and brown the mixture, while stirring, over medium heat. Add bacon mixture to beans. Reduce heat and simmer until beans are soft, about 3 hours total cooking time, adding more hot water if needed. Add chili powder, sugar, salt, pepper, diced tomatoes with green chiles, and jalapeno peppers. Simmer for another 10 minutes and then serve. <END>
INPUT: American, hoagies, coffee, olive oil, honey, cider vinegar, ancho chili powder, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Venison Hoagies with Coffee Barbecue Sauce | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup olive oil; 2 tablespoons honey; 1 tablespoon cider vinegar; 1 tablespoon ancho chili powder; 1 tablespoon ground black pepper; 1 tablespoon finely chopped garlic; 1 teaspoon ground coriander; 1 teaspoon ground toasted cumin seed; 1/2 teaspoon cayenne pepper; 2 pounds venison steaks, cut from the leg, 5 to 6-ounce portions; 6 Italian or Portuguese sandwich rolls; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 2 cups shredded iceberg lettuce; 1 cup spicy bread and butter zucchini pickles; 2 to 3 fresh jalapeno peppers, seeded and thinly sliced | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine the olive oil, honey, vinegar, chili powder, black pepper, garlic, coriander, cumin and cayenne in a flat dish and mix well to form a paste. Coat the venison steaks uniformly with this seasoning mixture and allow to marinate overnight, refrigerated. Preheat an outdoor hardwood charcoal grill for about 20 to 30 minutes or until the coals have turned white. Cut the rolls in half, brush some olive oil on the inside of the rolls and toast the rolls briefly over the grill. Divide the lettuce evenly between the rolls, top with equal amounts of pickles and jalapeno peppers. Season the venison <END>
INPUT: panfried, romaine hearts, virgin olive oil, fine sea salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Panfried Romaine | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 romaine hearts (two 18-oz packages), trimmed and halved lengthwise; 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil; About 1 1/4 teaspoons fine sea salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Rinse romaine halves, then shake off water and pat dry. Heat 1 tablespoon oil in a 12-inch heavy skillet over moderate heat until hot but not smoking, then add 3 romaine halves, cut sides down, and sprinkle with a rounded 1/4 teaspoon sea salt. Cook, turning over once with tongs, until browned, about 2 minutes total, then cover and cook until just crisp-tender, 2 to 3 minutes more. Transfer to a platter. Cook remaining romaine halves in oil in 3 batches in same manner, transferring to platter. Cool to room temperature before serving. Rinse romaine halves, then shake off water and pat dry. Heat <END>
INPUT: Asian, fenugreek, dumpling, vegetable oil, lamb, mustard seeds, onion, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lamb and Fenugreek Dumpling Stew | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons vegetable oil; 1 pound 5 ounces lamb, cleaned, and cut into small pieces, fat trimmed; 1 teaspoon mustard seeds; 1 large onion, finely chopped; 5 large cloves garlic, peeled; 1 (1 1/2-inch) piece fresh ginger, peeled; Kosher salt; 1 teaspoon sugar; 1 tablespoon ground coriander; 1 tablespoon ground cumin; 1/2 teaspoon ground turmeric; 1/4 to 1/2 teaspoon red chile powder; 3 tomatoes, blended to a puree in a food processor; 8 ounces water; 14 ounces coconut milk | INSTRUCTIONS: For the stew, heat the oil in a nonstick pan over a medium heat. Add the lamb and fry for 3 to 4 minutes, turning occasionally, until the lamb is brown on all sides. Remove the lamb from the pan, and set aside on a warm plate. Add the mustard seeds to the same pan and fry for 30 seconds, or until the seeds start to pop. Be careful of the popping seeds and splattering oil. Add the onion, and fry for 3 to 4 minutes, or until golden brown. Meanwhile, in a food processor, blend the garlic, and the ginger to a paste, adding a splash of water to bind the mixture. Add the garlic and ginger paste to t <END>
INPUT: sauce, salt, pepper, vegetable oil, shallots
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pork Chops with Mustard Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 (3/4-inch-thick) pork chops; 3/4 teaspoon salt; 1/2 teaspoon black pepper; 2 tablespoons vegetable oil; 1/4 cup finely chopped shallots (1 to 2); 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1/2 cup reduced-sodium chicken broth; 1/4 cup country-style Dijon mustard; 2 tablespoons heavy cream; 2 teaspoons fresh lemon juice | INSTRUCTIONS: Put oven rack in middle position and preheat oven to 325°F. Heat a dry 12-inch heavy skillet over moderately high heat until hot. Pat pork dry and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Add oil to hot skillet, swirling to coat, then brown chops, turning over once, about 8 minutes total. Transfer to a shallow baking pan, reserving skillet, and bake, uncovered, until cooked through, about 5 minutes. Let stand, loosely covered with foil, 5 minutes. Meanwhile, pour off fat from skillet, then cook shallots in butter over moderate heat, stirring, until softened, 3 to 5 minutes. Add broth and any juices from <END>
INPUT: mini, cakes, all purpose flour, baking powder, baking soda, salt, sour cream
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mini Espresso Cakes with Peanut Butter Frosting | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 1/2 cups all-purpose flour, plus extra for pans; 1/2 heaping teaspoon baking powder; 1/2 teaspoon baking soda; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 1 cup sour cream; 1/4 cup instant espresso powder; 2 sticks butter, softened, plus extra for pans; 1 1/2 cups sugar; 2 eggs, plus 2 yolks; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; 1 stick butter, softened; 1/2 cup creamy peanut butter; 1 cup confectioners' sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Special equipment: Stand mixer and 4 (3/8-pound) mini loaf pans Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Butter and flour mini loaf pans. In a small bowl, whisk together flour, baking powder, baking soda and salt. Mix together the sour cream and espresso until dissolved. In a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, cream butter and sugar on medium speed until light and fluffy. Add eggs and vanilla and mix until well incorporated. On low speed, add half the flour mixture. Mix until just combined. Add half the sour cream and mix until combined. Repeat with remaining f <END>
INPUT: Italian, garlicky, bruschetta, tomatoes, basil leaves, olive oil, garlic powder, Salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Quick Garlicky Bruschetta with Tomatoes and Basil | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup diced ripe tomatoes; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh basil leaves; 2 teaspoons olive oil; 1/2 teaspoon garlic powder; Salt and ground black pepper; 1 loaf French bread, sliced diagonally into 1-inch thick slices and toasted | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. In a small bowl, combine tomatoes, basil, olive oil, and garlic powder. Mix well to combine. Season, to taste, with salt and black pepper. Spoon tomato mixture on toasted bread slices and serve. <END>
INPUT: mashed, russet Yukon gold, cream cheese, half half, seasoned salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Creamy Mashed Potatoes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 5 pounds russet or Yukon gold potatoes; 1 1/2 sticks (12 tablespoons) butter, plus more for topping; One 8-ounce package cream cheese, softened; 1/2 to 3/4 cup half-and-half; 1/2 to 1 teaspoon seasoned salt, such as Lawry's; 1/2 to 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Peel and cut the potatoes into pieces that are generally the same size. Bring a large pot of water to a simmer and add the potatoes. Bring to a boil and cook until the potatoes are cooked through, 30 to 35 minutes. (When they're cooked through a fork should easily slide into the potatoes with no resistance, and the potatoes should almost, but not totally, fall apart.) Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Drain the potatoes thoroughly in a large colander. Place them back into the dry pot and put the pot on the stove. Mash the potatoes over low heat, allowing all the steam to escape before adding  <END>
INPUT: Italian, bacon fat, garlic, shallot, onion, chanterelle mushrooms
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pan Roasted Chanterelle-Gorgonzola Stuffed Chicken Breast | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 2 ounces bacon fat; 1 tablespoons garlic, minced; 1 tablespoons shallot, minced; 2 ounces yellow onion, minced; 4 ounces chanterelle mushrooms; 1/2 cup white wine; 4 ounces gorgonzola blue cheese; 1 tablespoon basil, chopped; 1/2 tablespoon oregano, chopped; Kosher salt, to taste; Cracked black pepper, to taste; 2 (12-ounce) Airline chicken breast, split into 4, skin on; 1 teaspoon kosher salt; 1 teaspoon cracked black pepper; 8 ounces chanterelle mushroom-gorgonzola mix | INSTRUCTIONS: For the chanterelle mushroom-gorgonzola stuffing: In a medium hot sautepan add the bacon fat and saute garlic, shallot and onions until translucent. Add chanterelle mushrooms and continue sauteing until tender. Deglaze with white wine. Chill and set aside. In a medium mixing bowl add cool chanterelle mushroom mix, gorgonzola, basil, oregano, salt and black pepper. Fold together until incorporated. Chill and set aside for later use. For the pan roasted chicken breast: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees. With a boning knife, butterfly at 4 chicken breasts. Stuff each breast with 2 ounces of chanter <END>
INPUT: American, all purpose flour, granulated sugar, kosher salt, eggs
OUTPUT: TITLE: Apple Pie | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 4 1/2 cups all-purpose flour, plus more for dusting; 1 tablespoon granulated sugar; 1 teaspoon kosher salt; 2 sticks (8 ounces) unsalted butter, chilled; 5 eggs; Nonstick cooking spray; 1/4 cup turbinado sugar; 6 Granny Smith apples, peeled, cored and thinly sliced; 1 tablespoon lemon juice; 1/2 cup packed brown sugar; 1/4 cup granulated sugar; 2 tablespoons all-purpose flour; 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1 teaspoon ground nutmeg | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: a 10-inch pie pan For the dough: In a large bowl, mix the flour, granulated sugar and salt. Using a pastry blender or your fingers, cut in the cold butter until pea-size. In a separate bowl, beat 4 of the eggs with a fork until fluffy and pale yellow. Using a fork, mix the eggs into the flour mixture until the dough just comes together. Finish combining the dough with your hands to form a ball, being careful to avoid over-working the dough. Cut the ball in half, forming two smaller balls of dough. Gently press down on each to form two equal disks. Wrap each disk in plastic w <END>
INPUT: little, cherry, eau de vie, fine quality bittersweet, granulated sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Little Chocolate Cherry Cakes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup (2 1/2 ounces) dried sour cherries; 1/4 cup eau-de-vie de framboise or other raspberry liqueur; 3 ounces fine-quality bittersweet chocolate (not unsweetened), chopped; 1/2 stick (1/4 cup) unsalted butter, cut into pieces; 1/2 cup granulated sugar; 1/2 teaspoon vanilla; 2 large eggs; 1/4 cup plus 2 tablespoons all-purpose flour; 1/4 teaspoon salt; confectioners' sugar for sifting over cakes | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350°F. and generously butter six 1/2-cup muffin tins. In a small saucepan simmer cherries in liqueur, stirring, until all liquid is evaporated and let cool. In a double boiler or in a metal bowl set over a pan of barely simmering water melt chocolate and butter, stirring until smooth. Remove top of double boiler or bowl from heat and whisk in granulated sugar and vanilla. Whisk in eggs, 1 at a time, whisking well after each addition. Add flour and salt, stirring until just combined, and fold in cherries. Divide batter among muffin tins and bake in middle of oven about 20 minute <END>
INPUT: salad, boxes, Good olive oil, Kosher salt pepper, shallot, lemon juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Artichoke Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 boxes (9 ounces each) frozen artichoke hearts, defrosted; Good olive oil; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 shallot, minced; 3 tablespoons freshly squeezed lemon juice; 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard; 5 tablespoons white wine vinegar or champagne vinegar, divided; 1/2 cup chopped fresh basil leaves; 6 tablespoons capers, drained; 2 roasted red peppers, sliced thin; 1/2 cup minced red onion; 1/2 cup chopped fresh parsley leaves; 2 pinches hot red pepper flakes, optional | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Place the artichoke hearts in a bowl with 1/4 cup olive oil, 1 teaspoon salt and 1/2 teaspoon pepper and toss until the artichoke hearts are coated. Dump the artichoke hearts onto a sheet pan and spread out into 1 layer; roast in the oven for 20 minutes. Meanwhile, make the vinaigrette. Place the minced shallot, lemon juice, mustard, 1 tablespoon vinegar, 1 teaspoon salt, and 1/2 teaspoon pepper in the bowl of a food processor fitted with the steel blade. Process for 5 seconds. Add the basil leaves and process into a green puree. With the processor running, s <END>
INPUT: basic, cake flour, baking powder, fine salt, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Basic Vanilla Cake 2 | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Cooking spray; 3 cups cake flour, plus more for dusting; 1 tablespoon baking powder; 3/4 teaspoon fine salt; 2 1/2 cups sugar; 3 sticks unsalted butter, at room temperature; 3/4 cup milk, at room temperature; 1 tablespoon pure vanilla extract; 4 large eggs, at room temperature | INSTRUCTIONS: Position a rack in the center of the oven and preheat to 350 degrees F. Spray two 9-inch round cake pans with cooking spray and dust with flour. Put the flour, baking powder and salt into the bowl of a food processor. Add the sugar and pulse a few times to combine evenly. Cut the butter into small pieces and add to the dry ingredients. Pulse until the mixture looks like coarse sand, with some pea-size bits of butter, about 5 times. Whisk the milk, vanilla and eggs together in a liquid measuring cup. With the processor running, pour in the wet ingredients and process to make a smooth batter (th <END>
INPUT: dipped, Parchment paper, Chocolate, Hot water, Strawberries
OUTPUT: TITLE: Strawberries Dipped in Chocolate | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Parchment paper; Chocolate; Hot water; Strawberries | INSTRUCTIONS: Line a tray with parchment paper. Melt chocolate in a bowl over a pan of hot but not boiling water. Remove from the heat and dip strawberries into melted chocolate. Transfer to the prepared tray to cool and set. <END>
INPUT: Asian, sandwich, relish, hot English mustard, stem ginger syrup, long linguiça sausages, Butter, long by wide
OUTPUT: TITLE: Modern Sausage Sandwich with Ginger and Mustard Relish | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 2 1/2 tablespoons prepared hot English mustard (such as Colman's); 4 teaspoons minced stem ginger in syrup* plus 2 tablespoons syrup from jar; 4 6-inch-long linguiça sausages or other fully cooked sausages, cut in half lengthwise; Butter, room temperature; 1 14-inch-long by 4-inch-wide piece of ciabatta bread or French bread, cut horizontally in half; 2 large tomatoes, thinly sliced; 2 large bunches arugula | INSTRUCTIONS: Mix mustard, minced stem ginger and 2 tablespoons ginger syrup in small bowl. Place sausages, cut side down, in large nonstick skillet. Cook over medium heat until heated through and beginning to brown, about 5 minutes per side. Spread butter over cut sides of bread. Spread mustard mixture over butter. Arrange tomato slices and arugula on bottom half. Top with sausages. Top with remaining bread. Cut crosswise into 4 sandwiches and serve. Mix mustard, minced stem ginger and 2 tablespoons ginger syrup in small bowl. Place sausages, cut side down, in large nonstick skillet. Cook over medium heat  <END>
INPUT: olive oil, garlic, spinach, Kosher salt, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Garlic Sauteed Spinach | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 tablespoons olive oil; 8 cloves garlic, sliced; 2 pounds spinach, stemmed and well washed; Kosher salt; Freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat a large skillet until it is smoking hot. Add the olive oil and the garlic immediately. Then add the spinach in batches, adding more as it wilts until all the spinach is in the pot. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. And add more olive oil, if you like. <END>
INPUT: chowder, summer, peas, asparagus, fingerling russet potatoes, tomatoes, Creamless Creamed Corn
OUTPUT: TITLE: Creamless Creamed Corn Chowder with Lobster and Summer Vegetables | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup cooked peas; 1/4 cup of cooked asparagus; 1/4 cup diced fingerling or russet potatoes blanched; 1/4 cup of chopped tomatoes; Creamless Creamed Corn (see recipe below); 2 steamed lobsters, shelled; 1/8 cup of chopped chives; 12 ears of corn, shucked; 1/4 cup water; Salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Add peas, asparagus, potatoes, tomatoes, and lobster chunks to "Creamless" creamed corn. Simmer gently. Garnish with chopped chives.; Grate 5 ears of corn into a bowl. Press the grated corn through a fine sieve reserving the "milk" and discarding the grated corn and the cobs. Cut the kernels from the remaining ears of corn. Combine the cut corn, water, and salt and pepper in a medium pan. Cover the pan and steam, stirring once or twice, until the corn is tender, about 5 minutes. Set the corn aside. Stirring constantly, bring the corn "milk" to a simmer over medium saucepan. Reduce the heat to  <END>
INPUT: Asian, salad, unseasoned rice vinegar, soy sauce, hot chili paste, sesame oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Green Papaya Salad | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1/3 cup (packed) light brown sugar; 1/3 cup unseasoned rice vinegar; 1/4 cup soy sauce; 1 tablespoon hot chili paste (such as sambal oelek); 1/2 teaspoon toasted sesame oil; 3 shallots, very thinly sliced crosswise, separated into rings; 1 cup vegetable oil; Kosher salt; 1 green papaya, peeled, halved, seeded, julienned (about 6 cups); 1 cup fresh cilantro leaves with tender stems; 1 cup torn fresh Thai basil leaves; ingredient info: Chili paste is available at Asian markets and many supermarkets | INSTRUCTIONS: For dressing and fried shallots: Bring brown sugar, vinegar, and 1 cup water to a boil in a small saucepan, whisking to dissolve sugar; let cool. Whisk in soy sauce, chili paste, and sesame oil. Set aside. Cook shallots and vegetable oil in a medium saucepan over medium heat, stirring occasionally, until shallots are golden brown and crisp, 10-12 minutes. Using a slotted spoon, transfer to a paper towel-lined plate to drain and season with salt. Let cool. Bring brown sugar, vinegar, and 1 cup water to a boil in a small saucepan, whisking to dissolve sugar; let cool. Whisk in soy sauce, chili p <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, brick, cumin seed, coriander, cinnamon, sweet paprika, cayenne
OUTPUT: TITLE: Brick Chicken with Apricot Couscous | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons cumin seed; 2 tablespoons whole coriander; 2 cinnamon sticks; 1 teaspoon sweet paprika; 1 teaspoon cayenne; 1 teaspoon kosher salt; 1/4 cup olive oil; 1 lemon, juiced; 1 whole free-range chicken (3 pounds), split (see directions below or have butcher split chicken for you); Extra-virgin olive oil; Mint Yogurt Dressing. recipe follows; Apricot Couscous, recipe follows; 1 1/2 cups plain yogurt; 1/2 bunch chopped fresh cilantro leaves; 1/2 bunch fresh mint leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Toast cumin, coriander and cinnamon in a medium saucepan over low heat until fragrant. In a clean spice grinder or coffee grinder, blend spices until fine. Add the toasted spices to a bowl with paprika and cayenne. Season with kosher salt. Stir in the olive oil and lemon juice. Prepare chicken by splitting it down the back and removing the backbone, breast bone and rib cage. Lay the chicken out flat and rub the blended spices all over. Marinate for up to 4 hours or overnight. Preheat oven to 375 degrees F. Heat a large cast iron skillet (or other heavy oven-proof <END>
INPUT: custard, tawny, milk, sugar, vanilla extract, mascarpone cheese, lime
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fried Mascarpone Custard with Strawberry Tawny Port Sorbet and Valrhona Ganache | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 cups milk; 1/2 cup sugar; 1 tablespoon vanilla extract; 1 cup mascarpone cheese; 1 lime, zested; 1 tablespoon cornstarch; 4 eggs; 8 egg yolks; 1 cup all-purpose flour; 3 eggs; 1 cup panko crumbs; 1 to 2 tablespoons vegetable oil; 1 to 2 tablespoons butter; Julienned slices of strawberry, for garnish; Fresh mint, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Custard: In a heavy saucepan, bring 3 cups milk, sugar, vanilla, mascarpone, and zest to a boil. In a bowl, dissolve cornstarch in 1 cup milk, add eggs and yolks, and stir well. Temper the egg mixture with the hot milk mixture, and then add all of the egg mixture into the milk mixture and cook until rather thick. Pour into a greased half-sheet pan, cover with parchment paper, and refrigerate until completely cooled. Sorbet: Puree all ingredients in a food processor. Pass through a sieve onto a sheet pan. Spread out on a sheet pan and transfer to the freezer. Once frozen, process again in a foo <END>
INPUT: cranberry, salad, quinoa, cranberries, beans, walnuts, onions
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cranberry Walnut Quinoa Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup quinoa; 1 cup dried cranberries; 1 cup frozen green beans, defrosted; 1/4 cup walnuts, chopped; 1/4 cup green onions, sliced; 1/4 cup balsamic vinegar; 1 1/2 tablespoons olive oil; 4 cloves garlic, minced; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/4 teaspoon pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine quinoa with 2 cups water in a medium saucepan and bring to a boil over high heat. Reduce heat to a simmer, cover, and continue cooking until all water is absorbed. In a medium bowl, combine cooked quinoa, dried cranberries, green beans, walnuts, and green onions until well mixed. In a small bowl, whisk the balsamic vinegar, olive oil, and garlic until well blended. Pour over the quinoa mixture. Toss until well blended. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Chill in the refrigerator for at least 30 minutes before serving. <END>
INPUT: American, walnuts, pears, virgin olive oil, thyme, Salt pepper, crumbled good quality
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Pears with Blue Cheese and Walnuts | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 4 pears, halved, but not peeled or cored; Extra-virgin olive oil; 1/4 bunch fresh thyme; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1/4 cup crumbled good-quality blue cheese; 1/4 cup walnut pieces | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Arrange the pears, cut sides up, on a baking sheet. Drizzle with olive oil and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Strip the leaves from the thyme branches and sprinkle over the pears. Put the baking sheet in the oven and bake 20 minutes. Remove the baking sheet from the oven and spoon a generous teaspoon of crumbled cheese in the center of each pear half, return the pears to the oven and roast until they are tender and the cheese is soft, about 10 more minutes. Meanwhile, put the walnuts on another baking sheet and toast in the oven until golden brown and fragran <END>
INPUT: American, california, rodeo, commercial seasoning salt, garlic powder, pepper, rack pork spareribs, bottles BBQ sauce
OUTPUT: TITLE: California Rodeo BBQ Ribs | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup commercial seasoning salt; 1 cup garlic powder; 1 cup black pepper; 1 large rack pork spareribs, about 6 pounds; 1 to 2 bottles BBQ sauce, heated (recommended: Jack Daniel's BBQ Sauce) | INSTRUCTIONS: Prepare grill. Mix seasoning salt, garlic powder, and black pepper together. Rub onto ribs (store excess rub in an airtight container). Place rack of ribs, rib side down, onto grill. Cook for 15 minutes. Turn ribs over and cook for another 15 minutes. Remove ribs from the grill just before they are cooked to your liking. Empty BBQ sauce into a roasting pan. Transfer ribs to pan with heated sauce, cover, and let the ribs continue to cook for another 10 to 15 minutes. Serve with sauce on the side. <END>
INPUT: American, breasts, fontina mozzarella cheese, sun tomatoes halves, all purpose flour, vegetable oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sun-Dried Tomato and Cheese Stuffed Chicken Breasts | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 4 boneless, skinless chicken breast halves (about 1-1/4 lbs.); 4 ounces fontina or mozzarella cheese, cut into 4 equal slices; 3 Tbsp. drained and chopped sun-dried tomatoes halves, packed in oil; 1/4 cup all-purpose flour; 2 Tbsp. vegetable oil; 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped; 1-1/2 cups Bertolli® Vineyard Premium Collections Marinara with Burgundy Wine Sauce; 1/4 cup water | INSTRUCTIONS: Make 2-inch-long deep cut with knife parallel to cutting board in center of each chicken breast half to form pocket. Evenly stuff pockets with cheese and tomatoes; secure with wooden toothpicks. Sprinkle, if desired, with salt and pepper. Dip chicken breasts in flour. Heat oil in 12-inch skillet over medium-high heat and brown chicken. Add garlic and cook, stirring occasionally, 30 seconds. Stir in Sauce and simmer covered 6 minutes or until chicken is thoroughly cooked. Remove toothpicks. Serve, if desired, over hot steamed escarole or spinach. <END>
INPUT: Italian, cakes, bell pepper, eggs, Parmesan, herbs de Provence
OUTPUT: TITLE: Crispy Potato-Pepper Cakes | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 (1-pound, 4-ounce) package shredded hash brown potatoes; 1 red bell pepper, diced; 3 eggs; 1 cup shredded Parmesan; 1 tablespoon herbs de Provence; Salt and pepper; 3 tablespoons olive oil; 2 cups sour cream, for garnish; 1 cup finely shredded fresh basil, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 200 degrees F. In a large bowl, mix potatoes and bell pepper. In a small bowl, beat eggs with cheese and herbs de Provence. Add to potato mixture and mix thoroughly. Season, to taste, with salt and pepper. In a large skillet, heat olive oil over medium-high. Spoon a scant 1/4 cup of potato mixture at a time into the skillet, pressing with the back of a spatula to flatten to a round about 3 inches in diameter; cook no more than 4 cakes at a time. Fry for 2 to 3 minutes, or until golden, turn, and cook other side until golden. Transfer to paper towels to drain and then transfer t <END>
INPUT: Italian, vinaigrette, lemon juice, Dijon mustard, olive oil, packages basil leaves, uncooked shrimp
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pasta with Shrimp and Basil Vinaigrette | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 5 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard; 1/3 cup plus 2 tablespoons olive oil; 2 1/2-ounce packages fresh basil leaves, chopped (about 3/4 cup); 1 1/2 pounds uncooked medium shrimp, peeled, deveined; 1 pound gnocchi pasta or orecchiette pasta; 4 zucchini, halved lengthwise; Olive oil; Freshly grated Parmesan cheese (optional) | INSTRUCTIONS: Prepare barbecue (medium-high heat) or preheat broiler. Combine 4 tablespoons fresh lemon juice and Dijon mustard small bowl. Gradually mix in 1/3 cup olive oil. Mix in chopped fresh basil. Place shrimp in medium bowl. Drizzle with remaining 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice and 2 tablespoons olive oil. Toss to coat. Season with salt and pepper. Cook pasta in large pot of boiling salted water until just tender but still firm to bite, stirring occasionally. Meanwhile, brush zucchini on both sides with oil. Season with salt and pepper. Grill until charred, about 2 minutes per side. Transfer to plat <END>
INPUT: creamed, chayotes, vegetable oil, heavy cream, chives
OUTPUT: TITLE: Creamed Chayote with Chives | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 chayotes (about 2 1/2 pounds); 2 tablespoons vegetable oil; 1 cup heavy cream; 3 tablespoons chopped fresh chives | INSTRUCTIONS: Cut each chayote lengthwise into 1/2-inch wedges and discard seed if necessary. In a 12-inch heavy skillet heat oil over moderate heat until hot but not smoking and cook chayotes, stirring occasionally, until crisp-tender, about 5 minutes. Add cream and simmer until chayotes are tender and cream is slightly thickened, about 3 minutes. Add chives and season with salt. Cut each chayote lengthwise into 1/2-inch wedges and discard seed if necessary. In a 12-inch heavy skillet heat oil over moderate heat until hot but not smoking and cook chayotes, stirring occasionally, until crisp-tender, about 5 <END>
INPUT: Mexican, salsa, blood orange, cubes avocado, onion, jalapeño, lime juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mahi-Mahi with Blood Orange, Avocado, and Red Onion Salsa | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 blood orange, Cara Cara orange, or regular orange; 1/2 cup 1/3-inch cubes avocado; 1/3 cup chopped red onion; 2 teaspoons minced red jalapeño; 2 teaspoons fresh lime juice; 2 teaspoons olive oil; 2 6-ounce mahi-mahi fillets | INSTRUCTIONS: Using small sharp knife, cut peel and white pith from orange. Working over small bowl, cut between membranes to release segments. Add avocado, onion, jalapeño, and lime juice to oranges in bowl; stir gently to blend. Season salsa to taste with salt. Heat oil in heavy medium skillet over medium-high heat. Sprinkle fish with salt and pepper. Add fish to skillet and sauté until brown and cooked through, about 5 minutes per side. Place 1 fillet on each of 2 plates. Spoon salsa atop fish and serve. Using small sharp knife, cut peel and white pith from orange. Working over small bowl, cut between me <END>
INPUT: Indian, soup, onions, garlic, ginger, peanut vegetable oil, cumin seeds
OUTPUT: TITLE: Peanut and Vegetable Soup | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups white onions, diced small; 1/4 cup fresh garlic, peeled and chopped; 1/4 cup fresh ginger, peeled and chopped; 2 tablespoons peanut or vegetable oil; 3 teaspoons cumin seeds; 2 teaspoons coriander seeds; 3 small red hot chiles (bird), chopped; 2 cups peeled, seeded and chopped plum tomatoes; 1 teaspoon whole white peppercorns; 1 teaspoon ground turmeric; 1 1/2 cups dry sherry; 2 quarts vegetable broth; 1 1/2 cups coconut milk (about 1 (12-ounce) can); 1 cup smooth natural peanut butter; 2 cups peeled and medium diced turnips | INSTRUCTIONS: In large pot, over low to medium heat, cook onions, garlic and ginger in 2 tablespoons of oil for about 10 minutes until onions are translucent. Meanwhile toast cumin and coriander seeds in saute pan over medium heat for about 3 minutes. Let cool. Add chiles and tomatoes to pot. In spice grinder, grind cumin and coriander seeds with white peppercorns. Add to pot along with turmeric. Stir for about 2 minutes then add sherry and cook until most of the wine has evaporated. Add vegetable broth and coconut milk. If possible, blend with stick immersion blender or allow to cool slightly and blend in  <END>
INPUT: garlicky, smothered, garlic, Salt pepper, Olive oil, bell pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Garlicky Smothered Cornish Hens | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 10 cloves garlic; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 (1 1/2-pound) Cornish hens; Olive oil; 1 green bell pepper, seeded and small diced; 1/2 medium onion, small diced; 1/4 teaspoon cayenne pepper; 1/2 teaspoon sweet paprika; 3 cups chicken stock, divided; 2 tablespoons butter; 2 tablespoons all-purpose flour; 1 cup white wine; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Prepare the hens: In a mini food processor, pulse the garlic and 1 teaspoon salt to a paste. Using your fingers, make a pocket between the flesh and the skin of each Cornish hen. Stuff half the garlic paste between the skin and the flesh of the hens, evenly covering by pushing the paste along the flesh from the outside. Rub both hens all over with olive oil and sprinkle with salt and a grind of pepper. Cross the legs of each hen and tie together with kitchen string. Set aside and allow to come to room temperature for about an hour. In a baking dish large enou <END>
INPUT: artichoke, Yukon gold potatoes, scallions, corn, bacon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Salmon | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 artichoke; 3 Yukon gold potatoes; 1 bunch scallions; 2 ears corn; 4 pieces bacon; 2 (8-ounce) pieces salmon fillets; Salt and pepper; 2 teaspoons olive oil; 1 tablespoon butter; 1 lemon, juiced | INSTRUCTIONS: Split the artichoke in half and scoop out the entire artichoke. Place the artichoke in a pot of boiling salted water. This will cook for about 20 minutes. Peel the potatoes and then with a cheese grater on a medium opening, grate the potatoes and let sit on a bowl of cold water. Dice 1 bunch of scallions and keep near potatoes. Shave 2 ears of corn and dice 4 pieces of bacon, keep this together in a small bowl. Take the 2 salmon fillets season with salt and pepper and place the skin side up in a hot skillet that has a teaspoon of cooking oil in it. Allow the salmon to cook for about 5 minutes  <END>
INPUT: biscotti, egg, sugar, brandy, vanilla extract, all purpose flour
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cinnamon-Raisin Biscotti | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 large egg; 1/2 cup sugar; 1 tablespoon brandy; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; 3/4 cup plus 2 tablespoons all purpose flour; 3/4 teaspoon baking powder; 3/4 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1/4 teaspoon (generous) salt; 1/3 cup raisins; 1/3 cup whole almonds, toasted | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 375°F. Lightly grease heavy large baking sheet. Using hand-held electric mixer, beat egg and sugar in medium bowl until very thick and fluffy, about 2 minutes. Beat in brandy and vanilla. Sift flour, baking powder, cinnamon and salt into egg mixture and blend well. Mix in raisins and almonds. Spoon dough onto prepared sheet to form 10- to 11-inch strip. Using moistened fingertips, shape dough into neat 11-inch-long by 2 1/2-inch-wide log. Bake until log just begins to brown and feels firm to touch, about 20 minutes. Cool cookie log on sheet 15 minutes. Maintain oven temperature <END>
INPUT: French, vinaigrette, leeks, Vegetable oil, assorted herbs, bell pepper, kalamata other brine
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Leek Vinaigrette | CUISINE: French | INGREDIENTS: 12 medium leeks (about 4 1/2 pounds), tough outer leaves discarded; Vegetable oil, for grilling; 1/3 cup minced assorted fresh herbs, such as chives, parsley, mint, basil, and tarragon; 1/4 cup finely diced red bell pepper, plus more for garnish; 1/4 cup kalamata or other brine-cured black olives, pitted and diced fine; 4 teaspoons Dijon-style mustard; 3 tablespoons white-wine vinegar; 1/2 cup extra-virgin olive oil; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; Chopped flat-leaf parsley, for garnish; Diced hard-boiled egg, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Trim the leeks to about 7 inches long. Split them lengthwise to within 1 1/2 inches of the root end, leaving the root end intact. Submerge the leeks in a large bowl of water, let them soak to release any dirt or sand, for several minutes. Lift the leeks out of the water and discard the water. Pour about 1-inch of water into a large saucepan, and set up a collapsible steamer inside. Bring the water to boil and steam the leeks, covered, until crisp-tender, about 6 minutes. Shock the leeks in a bowl of ice water and drain. Cut the leeks apart at the root ends and drain them on paper towels. Trans <END>
INPUT: slaw, carrots, mayonnaise, kosher salt, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Carrot Slaw | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 pounds carrots, approximately 12 to 15 medium; 1/2 cup mayonnaise; Pinch kosher salt; 1/3 cup sugar; 1/2 cup canned, crushed pineapple, drained thoroughly of all liquid; 1/2 cup raisins; 2 teaspoons curry powder; 1 teaspoon minced garlic; Pinch celery seed and/or caraway seed, optional | INSTRUCTIONS: Wash the carrots and peel, if necessary. Using a vegetable peeler, cut the carrots into wide noodle-shaped strips. In a large mixing bowl whisk together the mayonnaise, salt, sugar, pineapple, raisins, curry powder, garlic, and celery seed and/or caraway seed, if using. Add the carrots and toss to combine. Serve immediately or refrigerate for 1 hour to serve cold. <END>
INPUT: sorbet, Concord grapes, honey, rosemary, peppercorns
OUTPUT: TITLE: Concord Grape Sorbet With Rosemary And Black Pepper | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 1/2 pounds Concord grapes, stems removed; 1/2 cup honey; 2 large sprigs rosemary; 2 tablespoons whole black peppercorns | INSTRUCTIONS: Toss grapes into a food processor and process for 45-60 seconds, until they form 3-4 cups of a lumpy, vibrantly purple slurry. If your food processor is small, work in batches. Transfer purée to a saucepan; add honey, rosemary, and black peppercorns. Simmer mixture over medium-low heat for 15-20 minutes, until slightly thickened and deeply fragrant. Set a fine-mesh sieve over a large bowl and pour purée into sieve, straining out grape seeds, rosemary, and peppercorns. Cover bowl and transfer it to the refrigerator. Allow purée to chill for at least 12 hours. Churn purée in an ice cream maker a <END>
INPUT: lemons, artichokes, garlic, mint, Italian parsley
OUTPUT: TITLE: Stuffed Artichokes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 lemons; 4 medium artichokes; 4 cloves garlic, smashed; 1/2 bunch mint, picked and cut into a chiffonade; 1/2 bunch Italian parsley, leaves picked and finely chopped; 1 cup grated Parmesan; 1 cup bread crumbs; 1/2 teaspoon crushed red pepper; 1/2 cup pine nuts, toasted, optional; 3 anchovy fillets, minced, optional; Extra-virgin olive oil; Kosher salt; 2 cups white wine | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook's Note: Before starting this recipe be aware that there is a lot of waste involved in artichokes. It's ok. Just accept it and move on. Squeeze 1 lemon into a large bowl filled with water and place the lemon halves in the water. Cut off the pointy tops of the artichokes. Remove and reserve the stem of the artichoke. Peel off the tough green outer leaves and discard. Gently spread the leaves of the artichoke. Using a melon baller, scoop out the hairy "choke" in the center of the artichokes. When clean reserve them in the lemon water. Remove the tough outer skin on the stems and reserve them <END>
INPUT: half half, heavy cream, vanilla bean, egg yolks, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Vanilla Ice Cream | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 cups half-and-half; 4 cups heavy cream; 1 vanilla bean, split lengthwise; 18 large egg yolks; 1 1/2 cups sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: Put a large mixing bowl in the freezer to chill. In a saucepan over medium heat, bring the half-and-half, cream and vanilla bean to a simmer, stirring occasionally to make sure the mixture doesn't burn or stick to the bottom of the pan. In a bowl, whisk together the egg yolks and sugar. When the cream mixture reaches a fast simmer turn it off, do not let it boil! In a thin stream, whisk half of it into the egg yolk mixture. Then pour the egg-cream mixture into the saucepan containing the rest of the cream mixture. Cook over medium heat, stirring constantly with a wooden spoon. At 160 degrees,  <END>
INPUT: citrus, Salad, pkg Express® Sweet, onion, navel orange, ruby grapefruit
OUTPUT: TITLE: Citrus with Sweet Tender Greens | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Salad Ingredients:; 1 pkg Fresh Express® Sweet Tender Greens; 1/4 cup red onion, sliced very thinly; 1 navel orange, peeled & sectioned; 1 ruby red grapefruit, peeled & sectioned; 1 ripe avocado, peeled, pitted, & sliced; Dressing Ingredients:; 1/4 cup orange juice; 1 tsp grated orange zest; 1 tsp white wine vinegar; 1/4 tsp Dijon mustard; 1/2 tsp sugar; 1/8 tsp salt; Make the Dressing:; Whisk all dressing ingredients together | INSTRUCTIONS: Orange, grapefruit and avocado are the perfect accompaniments to our Sweet Tender Greens. Make the Salad: Place greens into a large salad bowl. Drizzle dressing on top and toss to coat. Divide onto four salad serving plates. Decoratively arrange oranges, grapefruit, & avocado on top. <END>
INPUT: barbecued, wraps, chicken breast chicken, light colored oil, Coarse salt coarse, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Barbecued Chinese Chicken Lettuce Wraps | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups, 4 handfuls, fresh shiitake mushrooms; 1 1/3 to 1 1/2 pounds thin cut chicken breast or chicken tenders; 2 tablespoons light colored oil, such as vegetable oil or peanut oil; Coarse salt and coarse black pepper; 3 cloves garlic, chopped; 1 inch ginger root, finely chopped or grated, optional; 1 orange, zested; 1/2 red bell pepper, diced small; 1 small tin, 6 to 8 ounces, sliced water chestnuts, drained and chopped; 3 scallions, chopped; 3 tablespoons hoisin, Chinese barbecue sauce, available on Asian foods aisle of market; 1/2 large head iceberg lettuce, core removed, head quartered; Wedges of navel orange -- platter garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Remove tough stems from mushrooms and brush with damp towel to clean, Slice mushrooms. Chop chicken into small pieces. Preheat a large skillet or wok to high. Add oil to hot pan. Add chicken to the pan and sear meat by stir frying a minute or 2. Add mushrooms and cook another minute or two. Add salt and pepper to season, then garlic and ginger. Cook a minute more. Grate zest into pan, add bell pepper bits, chopped water chestnuts and scallions. Cook another minute, continuing to stir fry mixture. Add hoisin Chinese barbecue sauce and toss to coat the mixture even <END>
INPUT: American, cupcakes, blueberry, granulated sugar, egg whites, Zest lemons, Juice lemons
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lemon Cupcakes with Blueberry Compote Filling and Cream Cheese Frosting | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cups granulated sugar; 1 stick (1/2 cup) unsalted butter; 4 egg whites; Zest of 2 lemons; Juice of 2 lemons; 2 cups all-purpose flour; 1 teaspoon baking powder; 1/2 teaspoon baking soda; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 2/3 cup buttermilk; 2 cups blueberries; 1/3 cup granulated sugar; Cream Cheese Frosting:; 1 cup (2 sticks) unsalted butter; 8 ounces cream cheese | INSTRUCTIONS: For the cupcakes: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Fill the cupcake pan with paper liners. Beat the granulated sugar and butter until light and fluffy in a standing mixer. Beat in the eggs. Add the lemon zest and juice and beat until combined. Sift the flour, baking powder, baking soda and salt in a separate bowl. Alternately add the buttermilk and flour mixture to the standing mixer, beating well between each addition. Fill the cupcake liners two-thirds full. Bake the cupcakes until a toothpick inserted comes out clean, 18 to 22 minutes. Refrigerate the cupcakes until they are completely co <END>
INPUT: Italian, burst, cherry grape tomatoes, olive oil, Salt, sugar, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spaghetti with Burst Cherry Tomatoes | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 4 cups cherry or grape tomatoes (about 40 tomatoes); 2 tablespoons olive oil, plus more to finish; Salt; 1/2 teaspoon sugar; 2 garlic cloves, chopped; 1 teaspoon red chile flakes; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh oregano, or a pinch dried; 1 pound spaghetti; Freshly ground pepper; Grated Parmigiano-Reggiano (optional) | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat the oven to 400 degrees. Put the cherry tomatoes, 1 tablespoon of the olive oil, a big pinch of salt, and the sugar in a large bowl and toss to coat the tomatoes well. Line a rimmed baking sheet with a piece of parchment paper or aluminum foil. Pour the tomatoes onto the baking sheet, place them in the oven, and roast for 25 to 35 minutes, or until they collapse and their skins begin to char. Remove the tomatoes from the oven and let them cool slightly. Carefully lift the paper and pour the tomatoes and all their roasting juices back into the bowl. Bring a large pot of water to a boil ove <END>
INPUT: American, chilled, soup, virgin olive oil, onion, celery, garlic, Kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chilled Asparagus Soup with Goat Cheese | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: Extra-virgin olive oil; 1 onion, diced; 2 ribs celery, diced; 3 cloves garlic, smashed and finely chopped; Kosher salt; 2 bunches asparagus, stems trimmed; 2 Idaho potatoes, peeled and diced; 2 quarts chicken or vegetable stock; 1 (4-ounce) log goat cheese, crumbled | INSTRUCTIONS: Coat a large saucepan with olive oil. Add the onion, celery and garlic and bring to a medium heat. Season with salt and sweat until the vegetables are very soft and aromatic, about 8 to 10 minutes. Remove the tips from the asparagus and reserve. Cut the stalks of the asparagus into 1-inch lengths and add them to the pot. Sweat for 2 to 3 minutes. Add the potatoes and the stock. Taste for seasoning and add salt, if needed (it will). Bring to a boil, then reduce heat and simmer for 20 minutes. On a separate burner, bring a small pot of well salted water to a boil over high heat. Have a small bow <END>
INPUT: Mexican, hash, salsa, sweet potatoes, bacon, garlic, onion, Salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Seared Salmon with Sweet Potato Hash and Jerk Mango Salsa | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 3 pounds sweet potatoes, peeled and medium diced; 5 strips bacon, medium diced; 2 cloves garlic, chopped; 1 small red onion, medium diced; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 ripe mangoes, medium diced; 1 jalapeno, seeded and small diced; 1 tablespoon Jamaican jerk sauce; 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard; Juice of 3 lemons; 1/4 cup grapeseed oil; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 tablespoon chopped chives; Four 6- to 7-ounce pieces good-quality salmon; Salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: For the sweet potato hash: Bring a large pot of water to a boil. Blanch the sweet potatoes until fork-tender. Drain and set aside. Heat a saute pan over medium-low heat. Add the bacon and cook until soft and lightly crisp. Add the sweet potatoes and pan-fry until the potatoes are lightly browned and crispy, 3 to 4 minutes. Add the garlic and onions, stirring to incorporate into the hash, and cook until transparent, another 4 minutes. Season with salt and pepper. Keep warm and reserve. For the jerk mango salsa: Mix together the mangoes and jalapenos in a bowl. Fold in the jerk sauce and reserve <END>
INPUT: American, tart, Shortcrust Pastry, baby spinach trimmed, baby new potatoes, eggs, heavy cream
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spinach, Potato and Goat's Cheese Tart | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: Shortcrust Pastry, recipe follows; 9 ounces baby spinach or trimmed large spinach leaves; 7 baby new potatoes, unpeeled (about 8 ounces); 4 eggs; 9 ounces heavy cream; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; Zest of 1/2 lemon; Pinch freshly grated nutmeg; Pinch ground cayenne pepper; 1 ounce Parmesan cheese, finely grated; 5 ounces goat cheese, cut into 1/4 to 1/2-inch slices; 7 ounces all-purpose flour, sifted; Pinch of salt; 7 tablespoons chilled butter, cubed; 1/2 to 1 medium egg, beaten | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: 10-inch tart pan Make the Shortcrust Pastry, recipe follows, leaving to chill for 30 minutes before using. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line the tart tin with the dough and bake 'blind'. Cook's Note: Blind Baking. To pre-bake a pastry shell before adding filling, first chill the pastry, and then line your pan. Line the pastry with foil, parchment or greaseproof paper, leaving plenty to come up the sides. Fill with baking beans (alternatively, for a really smooth finish use plastic wrap to line the pastry: place 2 sheets over the pastry, add the beans and bring the edge <END>
INPUT: Asian, burgers, carrot, onion, chicken, panko
OUTPUT: TITLE: Asian Chicken Burgers | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: Nonstick cooking spray; 1 small carrot; 1 small red onion, halved; 1 pound ground chicken; 1/4 cup panko (Japanese breadcrumbs); 1/4 cup hoisin sauce; 1 tablespoon grated peeled ginger; 4 teaspoons low-sodium soy sauce; 3 teaspoons hot Asian chili sauce, such as sambal oelek; 8 ounces white mushrooms, thinly sliced; 2 teaspoons toasted sesame oil; Juice of 1 lime; 4 whole-wheat sesame hamburger buns | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Mist a baking sheet with cooking spray. Grate the carrot and 1/2 onion into a large bowl. Add the chicken, panko, 2 tablespoons hoisin sauce, the ginger, 3 teaspoons soy sauce and 1 teaspoon sambal oelek and mix until combined. Shape the chicken mixture into 4 patties and place on the prepared baking sheet. Bake until cooked through, about 20 minutes. Meanwhile, thinly slice the remaining 1/2 onion. Toss with the mushrooms, sesame oil, lime juice and the remaining 1 teaspoon soy sauce in a bowl. Mix the remaining 2 tablespoons hoisin sauce and 2 teaspoons sam <END>
INPUT: gravy, Roasting pan juices, Unsalted butter, hot turkey giblet, all purpose flour, Reserved giblets
OUTPUT: TITLE: Turkey Giblet Gravy | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Roasting pan with juices from a (14- to 16-pound) roast turkey; Unsalted butter (less than 1/2 stick), melted, if turkey drippings yield less than 1/4 cup; 4 cups hot turkey giblet stock; 1/4 cup all-purpose flour; Reserved cooked giblets (optional), finely chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: Pour pan juices into a 1-quart glass measure (do not clean roasting pan), then skim off fat and reserve fat and juices separately. (If using a fat separator, pour pan juices into separator and let stand until fat rises to top, 1 to 2 minutes. Carefully pour pan juices from separator into 1-quart glass measure and reserve fat left in separator.) If there is less than 1/4 cup reserved fat, add melted butter. Straddle roasting pan across 2 burners. Add 1 cup giblet stock to pan and deglaze pan by boiling over high heat, scraping up brown bits, about 1 minute. Add to glass measure with remaining 3 <END>
INPUT: olive oil, chicken breasts, garlic, shallot, thyme thyme leaves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken Breasts with Scallions, Shiitake Mushrooms, and Tomatoes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons olive oil; 3 whole boneless chicken breasts, halved; 1 tablespoon minced garlic; 1/2 cup minced shallot; 2 thyme sprigs plus 1 tablespoon fresh thyme leaves, or 1 teaspoon dried thyme, crumbled; 2 tablespoons white-wine vinegar; 1/4 pound fresh shiitake mushrooms, stems discarded and the mushrooms sliced; 1/2 cup dry white wine; 1 1/2 cups chicken broth; 2 bunches of scallions, dark green parts reserved for another use and the scallions split lengthwise and cut crosswise into 1-inch pieces (about 1 cup; 2 1/2 teaspoons arrowroot; 3 plum tomatoes, seeded and diced fine; 6 additional thyme sprigs for garnish if desired | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large heavy skillet heat the oil over moderately high heat until it is hot but not smoking and in it cook the chicken breasts, patted dry and seasoned with salt and pepper, skin sides down, for 3 to 4 minutes, or until they are golden. Turn the breasts and cook them over moderate heat, covered, for 7 to 8 minutes more, or until they are cooked through. Transfer the breasts to a platter and keep them warm. To the skillet add the garlic, the shallot, and the 2 thyme sprigs (or the dried thyme if using) and cook the mixture, stirring, until the shallot is softened. Add the vinegar, boil the  <END>
INPUT: sorbet, water, sugar, peaches, Special an ice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Ice-Wine Sorbet with White Peaches | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 (375-ml) bottle ice wine (13 fl oz); 3/4 cup water; 6 tablespoons sugar; 4 firm-ripe white peaches, cut into 1/2-inch-thick wedges; Special equipment: an ice cream maker | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat wine, water, and sugar in a 3-quart saucepan over moderate heat, stirring, until sugar is dissolved, then gently simmer 2 minutes. Transfer to a bowl, then set bowl in a larger bowl of ice water and stir until cold, 10 to 15 minutes. Freeze in ice cream maker. Transfer to an airtight container and put in freezer, at least 4 hours. (Texture will be soft.) Serve sorbet with peaches. Heat wine, water, and sugar in a 3-quart saucepan over moderate heat, stirring, until sugar is dissolved, then gently simmer 2 minutes. Transfer to a bowl, then set bowl in a larger bowl of ice water and stir un <END>
INPUT: American, four, ties, all purpose flour, milk, Italian tomatoes, bow tie pasta
OUTPUT: TITLE: Four-Cheese Baked Bow Ties | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 stick (1/4 cup) unsalted butter; 1/4 cup all-purpose flour; 1 1/2 cups milk; a 28- to 32-ounce can whole Italian tomatoes, drained, reserving 1 1/4 cups juice, and chopped fine; 1 pound bow-tie pasta; 1 1/2 cups coarsely grated mozzarella cheese (about 6 ounces); 1/2 cup crumbled Gorgonzola cheese (about 2 ounces); 1/2 cup diced Italian Fontina cheese (about 2 ounces); 1 1/3 cups freshly grated Romano cheese (about 4 ounces); 1/2 cup finely chopped fresh parsley leaves (preferably flat-leafed) | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 375°F. and butter a 3-to 4-quart gratin dish or other shallow baking dish. In a heavy saucepan melt butter over moderately low heat. Add flour and cook roux, whisking, 3 minutes. Add milk and reserved tomato juice in a stream, whisking, and bring to a boil, whisking. Stir in tomatoes and salt and pepper to taste and simmer until thickened, about 3 minutes. In a kettle of salted boiling water cook pasta until just al dente, about 8 minutes, and drain well. In a bowl stir together pasta, sauce, mozzarella, Gorgonzola, Fontina, 1 cup Romano, and parsley and transfer to prepared di <END>
INPUT: corn, kosher salt more, garlic, chiles, peppercorns
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pickled Corn | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 ears of corn, husked, cut crosswise into about 1 1/2" rounds; 5 1/2 tablespoons kosher salt plus more; 10 garlic cloves; 2 red chiles (such as jalapeño or Fresno), cut crosswise into thin rounds, seeded; 1 teaspoon whole black peppercorns | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook corn in a large pot of lightly salted boiling water until crisp-tender, about 4 minutes. Using a slotted spoon, transfer to a bowl of ice water. Let cool; drain. Layer corn, garlic, chiles, and peppercorns in a 4-quart glass or ceramic jar. Stir 5 1/2 tablespoons salt and 2 quarts water in a large bowl until salt is dissolved. Pour over corn mixture. Place several plates or small bowls over vegetables to keep them submerged by at least 2". Cover jar with plastic wrap or a lid and let stand in a dark, cool place such as a cellar, closet, or pantry at room temperature (68°F-70°F is ideal) f <END>
INPUT: crema, water, unflavored gelatin, milk, sugar, semolina
OUTPUT: TITLE: Semolina Crema | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup water; 1 1/2 teaspoons unflavored gelatin; 2 cups milk; 1/2 cup sugar; 1/4 cup semolina; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; 1 cup heavy cream; 2 pints fresh berries, like raspberries, blueberries, and sliced strawberries; Equipment: 9-inch Bundt pan; cheesecloth | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Combine gelatin and water in a small bowl and let soften for 5 minutes. Combine the milk, sugar, and semolina in a medium saucepan and bring to a boil, while stirring constantly with a wooden spoon. When the mixture reaches a boil, stir in the softened gelatin and vanilla. Set aside to cool completely. Whip the cream to medium stiff peaks and fold into the semolina mixture, working in 3 batches. Line the bundt pan with moistened cheesecloth. Pour the mixture evenly into the mold and refrigerate until firm, about 2 to 3 hours. Unmold on a platter, fill the center  <END>
INPUT: brown, cauliflower, garlic, unsalted butter, kosher salt, bread crumbs
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cauliflower with Brown Butter and Crispy Crumbs | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 medium head cauliflower (about 2 pounds), cut into bite-size florets; 2 cloves garlic, roughly chopped; 6 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1 1/4 teaspoons kosher salt; 1/3 cup fresh bread crumbs (see Know-How, below); 3 tablespoons minced fresh flat-leaf parsley; Freshly ground black pepper; Lemon wedges | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F. Put the cauliflower on a baking sheet and scatter the garlic on top. Melt the butter in a medium skillet and toss 2 tablespoons with the cauliflower and garlic; set the rest aside in the skillet. Toss the cauliflower with 1 teaspoon of the salt. Roast until the cauliflower is quite tender and the edges are starting to brown, 20 to 25 minutes. Transfer the cauliflower to a serving bowl. Reheat the remaining butter over medium-high heat until brown. Add the bread crumbs and cook, swirling the pan and tossing, until they are brown and crisp-this should take less <END>
INPUT: creamed, bruschetta, unsalted butter, garlic, sage leaves, corn, Salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sage Creamed Corn Bruschetta with Prosciutto | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon unsalted butter; 2 garlic cloves, sliced; 6 sage leaves; 4 ears corn, kernels removed; Salt and pepper; 1/2 cup heavy cream; Slices of grilled country bread; 15 slices prosciutto, about 1/2 pound | INSTRUCTIONS: In a skillet over medium-high heat, lightly brown the butter. Add the garlic and cook until it is light brown. Add the sage and cook until aromatic. Add the corn kernels and cook for 1 minute. Season with salt and pepper. Pour in the cream and simmer until it is reduced by half, about 4 to 5 minutes; let cool. Spoon the corn over the bread and serve with a slice of prosciutto on each. <END>
INPUT: cover, local apples, butternut squash, butter, sugar, cider vinegar
OUTPUT: TITLE: The Cover 2 (Roasted Apples and Squash) | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 local apples; 1 large butternut squash; 4 ounces butter; 1/4 cup brown sugar; 1/3 cup cider vinegar; 1 cup chicken stock; 2 tablespoons grated fresh ginger; 1 tablespoon grated garlic; Salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Core the apples, cut into 8 wedges, and set aside. Peel and seed the squash, cut into 1/2-inch cubes, and set aside. Melt the butter in a saucepan over high heat, add the squash, and saute 5 minutes. Add the apples and continue cooking for 5 minutes. Add the brown sugar and stir until dissolved. Add the cider vinegar and cook 2 minutes. Add the chicken stock and simmer until cooked through. Add the ginger and garlic, cook 2 minutes, adjust seasoning, and serve. <END>
INPUT: Asian, jamaican, zinger, water, ginger, lime juice, dark rum
OUTPUT: TITLE: Jamaican Rum-Ginger Zinger | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups water; 2 ounces fresh ginger, unpeeled, finely grated; 1 teaspoon plus 3/4 cup fresh lime juice; 1 tablespoon (packed) golden brown sugar; 1 1/2 cups dark rum; 3/4 cup Simple Syrup; 1/4 cup falernum syrup*; Ice cubes; 8 lime peel curls (optional) | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring 2 cups water to boil in medium saucepan. Remove from heat. Mix in grated fresh ginger and 1 teaspoon lime juice. Cover and let stand 1 hour. Add brown sugar; stir to dissolve. Strain ginger beer into bowl, pressing firmly on solids to extract as much liquid as possible (mixture will be cloudy). Cool completely. Transfer ginger beer to jar. Cover and chill at least 2 hours or up to 1 week. Mix rum, Simple Syrup, falernum, ginger beer, and remaining 3/4 cup lime juice in pitcher. Fill tall glasses with ice. Pour mixture over. If desired, garnish rim of each glass with lime peel curl. Bring <END>
INPUT: Indian, sates, sauce, lemongrass, shallots, sugar, coriander
OUTPUT: TITLE: Beef Sates with Peanut Sauce | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 1 lb (1-inch-thick) piece beef rump roast, halved crosswise for easier cutting; 2 fresh lemongrass stalks (about 3/4 inch wide at base), 1 or 2 outer leaves discarded; 1/2 cup finely chopped shallots (from 2 large); 1 tablespoon sugar; 2 teaspoons ground coriander; 1 teaspoon ground turmeric; 1 teaspoon salt; 1/2 teaspoon cayenne or Indian pure red-chile powder; 1/4 cup vegetable oil; 6 to 8 (2-inch-long) dried red chiles such as prik haeng; 1 rounded tablespoon tamarind froma pliable block; 1/3 cup hot water; 1 teaspoon fennel seeds; 2 cups unsalted shelled roasted peanuts (10 1/2 oz); 1 fresh lemongrass stalk (about 3/4 inch wide at base), 1 or 2 outer leaves discarded | INSTRUCTIONS: Slice and marinate beef: Arrange beef in 1 layer on a plate and put in freezer 15 minutes to quick-chill (to facilitate cutting). Cut beef across grain into 1/8-inch-thick slices, to make 1-inch-wide strips. While beef chills, very thinly slice bottom 6 inches of lemongrass, then mince with a knife, discarding remainder. Finely grind lemongrass and shallots in mini food processor, scraping down side occasionally, until a fluffy paste forms. Stir together lemongrass paste, sugar, coriander, turmeric, salt, and cayenne in a bowl until combined well, then add beef strips and toss until coated wel <END>
INPUT: etouffee, chicken, Kosher salt pepper, all purpose flour, vegetable oil, onions
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken Etouffee | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 chicken, about 3 1/2 pounds, quartered; Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper to taste; 1/2 cup all-purpose flour; 1/2 cup vegetable oil; 2 medium onions, in large dice; 2 medium bell peppers, in large dice; 2 jalapeno peppers, seeded, stemmed, and minced; 15 cloves garlic, peeled and thinly sliced; 2 teaspoons dried thyme; 2 teaspoons dried sage; 3 cups water; Hot sauce to taste | INSTRUCTIONS: Season the chicken pieces with salt and pepper and dust them with some of the flour. Place the oil in a large, heavy-gauge stockpot and bring it to the smoking point over high heat. Add the chicken, and cook for 7 to 10 minutes, or until the pieces are brown on one side. Turn the pieces and repeat on the other side. Remove the chicken from the pot. Return the oil to the smoking point, add the onions, peppers, and garlic to the pot, and stir. Cover and let cook for about 12 minutes, stirring occasionally and taking care not to let the vegetables burn. Add the remaining flour and saute for 5 min <END>
INPUT: isaac, mizrahi, egg yolks, sugar, milk, mint leaves, heavy cream
OUTPUT: TITLE: Isaac Mizrahi's Mint Chocolate Chip Ice Cream | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 large egg yolks; 3/4 cup sugar; 2 cups whole milk; 2 cups fresh mint leaves, loosely packed; 1 cup heavy cream; 3 drops green food coloring; 4 ounces bittersweet chocolate, coarsely chopped; 4 ounces semisweet chocolate, coarsely chopped; Special equipment: ice cream maker | INSTRUCTIONS: In large bowl, whisk together egg yolks and 1/2 cup sugar. In heavy medium saucepan over moderately low heat, stir together milk, remaining 1/4 cup sugar, and mint. Heat until steaming but not boiling, then remove from heat. Ladle about 1/2 cup hot milk mixture into egg yolk mixture, whisking constantly to prevent eggs from cooking, then slowly stir the egg mixture back into the hot milk, whisking constantly. Place over low heat, and cook, stirring constantly, until mixture thickens enough to coat back of spoon (finger drawn across spoon will leave clear path), 5 to 6 minutes total (do not let <END>
INPUT: American, breasts, onion, olive oil, firmly unpeeled scrubbed, bottled roasted pepper, soft mild goat
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken Breasts Stuffed with Zucchini, Roasted Red Pepper and Goat Cheese | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup minced onion; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1/2 cup firmly packed coarsely grated unpeeled scrubbed zucchini, squeezed dry in a paper towel; 2 tablespoons minced drained bottled roasted red pepper or pimiento; 1 ounce soft mild goat cheese, crumbled; 1 whole boneless chicken breast (with skin), halved; 1/4 cup minced shallots; 1/4 cup white wine; 3/4 cup chicken broth; 2 tablespoons butter | INSTRUCTIONS: In a skillet cook the onion in 1 tablespoon of the oil over moderately low heat until it is softened, add the zucchini, and cook the mixture, stirring, for 1 minute, or until the zucchini is tender. Stir in the red pepper, goat cheese, and salt and pepper to taste and cook the mixture, stirring, until the cheese is melted. Transfer the mixture to a small bowl and let it cool slightly.With your fingers make a pocket for the filling in each chicken breast half by separating the skin from the meat, being careful not to tear the skin and keeping the skin attached along most of the edge. Stuff each <END>
INPUT: Indian, chestnut, marmalade, all purpose flour, sugar, baking soda, baking powder, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chestnut Lamb Loin with Sweet Onion Marmalade | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 4 cups all-purpose flour; 1/4 cup sugar; 1 teaspoon baking soda; 1 tablespoon baking powder; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/2 cup (1 stick) butter, softened; 1 cup buttermilk; 1 egg; 1 tablespoon grapeseed oil; 1 large sweet onion (such as Vidalia), diced; 1 teaspoon curry powder; 1/4 cup golden raisins; 1 teaspoon apple cider vinegar; 3 pounds lamb loin; Salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F. Mix flour, sugar, baking soda, baking powder, salt, butter, buttermilk, and egg. Knead lightly and divide into 4 portions, forming each into a disk. Place the 4 disks on a lightly greased baking sheet and bake until a toothpick inserted in center comes out clean, about 30 minutes. Let cool on pan for 10 minutes, then cool completely on a rack.; Heat grapeseed oil over low heat in a medium skillet. Add onion and curry powder, and allow onion to slowly caramelize, about 30 minutes. Stir in golden raisins and add vinegar. Cook for about 5 minutes, cover, remove from <END>
INPUT: Mexican, olive oil, garlic, pork, salt, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pork Mole in Tortilla Cups | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon olive oil; 2 teaspoons chopped garlic; 1 pound ground pork; 1/2 teaspoon salt; Ground black pepper; 1 jar prepared mole; 1/4 cup water; 1 tablespoon chopped cilantro leaves; 24 tortilla cups, recipe follows; Sour cream, for garnish; Cilantro leaves, for garnish; 8 (8-inch) round flour tortillas; 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Pour the olive oil into a skillet and place over high heat. Add the garlic and saute until golden, about 2 minutes. Add the pork, season with salt and pepper, and saute until cooked through, about 7 minutes. Add 6 tablespoons mole and water and continue to cook, stirring, until the mixture is thick. To assemble, fill each tortilla cup with the pork mole. Top with sour cream and a cilantro leaf. Serve warm. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Place the tortillas in the microwave, cover with a damp cloth and microwave on high for 30 seconds. Remove and keep covered. Take 1 tortilla from the stack <END>
INPUT: salad, vinaigrette, pear juice, Juice lemon, cider vinegar, maple syrup, Dijon mustard
OUTPUT: TITLE: Endive and Grape Salad with Pear Vinaigrette | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups fresh pear juice (about 4 pears); Juice of 1/2 lemon; 2 tablespoons cider vinegar; 1/2 teaspoon maple syrup; 1/2 teaspoon Dijon mustard; 1/2 cup canola oil; Water, as necessary; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 teaspoons olive oil, for toasting nuts; 1/4 cup pine nuts; 4 endives, trimmed; 2 cups red grapes, halved; 2 pears, cored and julienned; 1/2 cup/100 g Mimolette cheese*, cut into brunoise (1/8 by 1/8 by 1/8-inch cubes) | INSTRUCTIONS: For the pear vinaigrette: Heat the pear juice on stovetop over medium heat to reduce to 1/4 of its original amount, for 40 minutes, until caramelized. Set aside and let cool. In a bowl, mix the reduced pear juice, cider vinegar, maple syrup, and Dijon mustard. Slowly add the canola oil whisking constantly. Season the vinaigrette with salt, and pepper, to taste. Add a little more pear juice or water if the vinaigrette is too thick. Set aside. For the salad: In a pan, add the olive oil and toast the pine nuts on medium-high heat. Keep an eye on them because they tend to burn fast. Place the endi <END>
INPUT: American, sauce, unsalted butter, olive oil, anchovy fillets, oregano, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Flank Steak with Savory Secret Sauce | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 4 anchovy fillets; 1 teaspoon dried oregano; 1/2 teaspoon crushed red pepper; 4 cloves garlic, minced; 2 teaspoons lemon juice; 1 tablespoon fresh flat-leaf parsley, finely chopped; Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper; 1 piece flank steak (1 1/2 to 2 pounds); 1 tablespoon canola oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Place a medium saute pan over medium-low heat. Add the butter and olive oil. Once the butter has melted, add the anchovies and saute until they start to break down, about 1 minute. Add the oregano, crushed red pepper and garlic and saute for 2 to 3 minutes to allow the anchovies to completely break down and the garlic to cook. Take the pan off the heat and allow to cool for 2 to 3 minutes. Stir in the lemon juice and parsley. Taste and season with salt and pepper if desired. Heat a grill or grill pan to medium-high heat. Season both sides of the flank steak with a generous amount of salt and p <END>
INPUT: onions, smoked Polska kielbasa, butter, sugar, onion, sauerkraut
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Kielbasa with Sauerkraut and Onions | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 pounds smoked Polska kielbasa; 2 tablespoons butter; 3 tablespoons sugar; 1 onion, sliced; 3 cups sauerkraut, drained; 3 tablespoons freshly chopped parsley leaves; Honey Mustard Dipping Sauce, recipe follows; 1/4 cup yellow mustard; 1/4 cup honey; 1/4 cup Dijon mustard; 1/2 teaspoon cayenne; 1 tablespoon prepared horseradish; Pinch salt; Pinch cracked black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat grill. Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. Cut kielbasa into 3-inch lengths and butterfly lengthwise. Place on hot grill and cook for 4 to 5 minutes on each side turning frequently, charring all sides. Remove from grill. Transfer kielbasa to a baking sheet and place in oven to cook for another 5 to 6 minutes. In a large skillet over medium-high heat, add butter and sugar. Allow sugar to cook to a golden brown color. Add onions and cook until caramelized. Stir in the sauerkraut and cook for 5 to 6 minutes until onions and sauerkraut are wilted and colored. Remove kielbasa from oven and cut i <END>
INPUT: Indian, scented, butter, tomato paste, garlic, thyme, wine
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cardamom-Scented Lamb with Mashed Sweet Potatoes | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon butter; 2 tablespoons tomato paste; 6 garlic cloves, minced; 2 teaspoons chopped fresh thyme; 2 cups dry red wine; 1 cup canned beef broth; 1 cup canned low-salt chicken broth; 2 tablespoons shelled cardamom seeds; 2 1 1/4- to 1 1/2-pound racks of lamb, trimmed; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1/4 cup (1/2 stick) chilled unsalted butter, cut into pieces; 4 teaspoons coarse-grained mustard; Mashed Sweet Potatoes with Maple Syrup | INSTRUCTIONS: For sauce: Melt 1 tablespoon butter in heavy medium saucepan over medium-high heat. Add tomato paste, garlic and thyme; sauté 1 minute. Add wine and boil until reduced by half, about 8 minutes. Add both broths; boil until reduced to 1 1/4 cups, about 10 minutes. (Can be made 1 day ahead. Cover and refrigerate.) Melt 1 tablespoon butter in heavy medium saucepan over medium-high heat. Add tomato paste, garlic and thyme; sauté 1 minute. Add wine and boil until reduced by half, about 8 minutes. Add both broths; boil until reduced to 1 1/4 cups, about 10 minutes. (Can be made 1 day ahead. Cover and <END>
INPUT: American, family, casserole, Kosher salt, French beans, butter, Vidalia onion, baby portobello mushrooms
OUTPUT: TITLE: Family Fresh Green Bean Casserole | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: Kosher salt; 1 1/2 pounds fresh French green beans, ends trimmed; 4 tablespoons butter, divided; 2 tablespoons finely chopped Vidalia onion; 4 ounces baby portobello mushrooms, cleaned and finely chopped (about 2 tablespoons); 2 tablespoons all-purpose flour; 1 cup (8 ounces) sour cream; Freshly ground black pepper; 1 1/2 cups corn cereal (recommended: Corn Flakes); 1/2 pound grated mozzarella cheese | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil over medium heat. Add the beans and cook for until just tender but still firm, about 5 to 7 minutes. Remove the beans from the water to a large bowl of ice water to preserve color and stop the cooking. Drain the beans and set aside. Melt 2 tablespoons of the butter in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Add the onions and saute until translucent. Stir in the mushrooms, season with salt and pepper, to taste, and saute about 3 to 5 minutes. Add the flour and stir for another minute, t <END>
INPUT: American, casserole, slimmed, shallots, Kosher salt, beans, virgin olive oil, cremini mushrooms
OUTPUT: TITLE: Green Bean Casserole - Slimmed | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 3 to 4 medium shallots, in their skins; Kosher salt, plus 1 1/2 teaspoons; 1 pound fresh green beans, stemmed, and halved crosswise; 1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil; 8 ounces cremini mushrooms, sliced (about 4 cups); 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 3 tablespoons all-purpose flour; 1 1/2 cups mushroom, vegetable, or chicken broth (see Cook's Note); 3 teaspoons fresh thyme leaves; Freshly ground black pepper; Vegetable cooking spray; 1 cup fresh bread crumbs | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Put the shallots (in their skins) on a small baking dish, roast until soft, about 30 minutes. When cool enough to handle, skin and coarsely chop the shallots. Set aside. Bring a medium-large saucepan of water to a boil over high heat. Add kosher salt, to taste. Add the green beans, and cook, uncovered, until crisp-tender and bright green, about 3 minutes. Drain the beans in a colander and rinse with cold water. Transfer the beans to a large bowl. In the same saucepan, heat the oil over medium heat. Add the mushrooms, season with 1 teaspoon salt, cook, stirrin <END>
INPUT: Asian, Florida Crystals Organic, water, heavy cream, butter, candied ginger root
OUTPUT: TITLE: Macadamia Nut Spring Roll with Candied Ginger | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups Florida Crystals Organic Sugar; 1/2 cup water; 3/4 cup heavy cream, warm; 1/2 cup butter; 3 tablespoons candied ginger root, finely chopped; 2 cups roughly chopped macadamia nuts; 4 sheets spring roll wrappers; Water to seal; 1 cup milk; 2 cups heavy cream; 1/2 vanilla bean split; 4 egg yolks; 3/4 cup light brown sugar; 1/4 cup dark corn syrup; 2 cups cider vinegar | INSTRUCTIONS: To make the macadamia nut filling, use a small saucepan over medium heat and combine the sugar and water, then bring to a boil and cook until it caramelizes to a nice amber color. Remove from heat and add the cream slowly. Return to heat and stir until sugar and cream are completely incorporated and smooth. Add butter, candied ginger, and chopped nuts, then allow to cool slightly. If mixture gets too firm, simply warm to make pliable. To assemble, place the 4 spring roll wrappers down on the table so 1 point is facing 6 o'clock. Divide the mixture evenly between the 4 wrappers. Fold the point  <END>
INPUT: biscuit, pizzas, onion, unsalted butter, ham, all purpose flour
OUTPUT: TITLE: Ham and Egg Biscuit Pizzas | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 red green, or yellow bell peppers, cut into thin strips; 1 onion, sliced thin; 1 1/2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1 cup finely diced cooked ham (about 1/2 pound); 2 cups all-purpose flour; 2 teaspoons double-acting baking powder; 1 teaspoon salt; 1 stick (1/2 cup) cold unsalted butter, cut into bits; 1/2 cup plus 2 tablespoons milk; 2 cups grated Münster or Monterey Jack (about 6 ounces); 6 large eggs; watercress sprigs for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large skillet cook the bell peppers and the onion in the butter over moderate heat, stirring, until the vegetables are softened, stir in the ham, and remove the skillet from the heat. The bell pepper mixture may be made 1 day in advance and kept covered and chilled. In a large skillet cook the bell peppers and the onion in the butter over moderate heat, stirring, until the vegetables are softened, stir in the ham, and remove the skillet from the heat. The bell pepper mixture may be made 1 day in advance and kept covered and chilled. Make the biscuit dough: In a bowl whisk together the flo <END>
INPUT: supreme, butter, Brussels sprouts, chicken broth, onions, morita pasilla chiles
OUTPUT: TITLE: Brussels Sprouts Supreme | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons butter, divided; 1 1/2 pounds Brussels sprouts, halved; 1 cup chicken broth; 1/2 cup green onions, thinly sliced (white and pale green parts only); 2 morita or pasilla chiles, stemmed, seeded, and coarsely chopped; 1/2 cup pine nuts; 1/2 cup heavy cream; Salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Melt 1 tablespoon of the butter in a large heavy saucepan over medium-high heat. Add the Brussels sprouts and stir until coated with the butter, 1 minute. Add the broth, cover, and simmer until the Brussels sprouts are tender, about 7 minutes. Uncover and continue to simmer until all of the broth has evaporated, about 4 minutes. Transfer the Brussels sprouts to a medium bowl. Melt the remaining 1 tablespoon butter in the same pan. Add the green onions, chiles, and pine nuts. Saute until the nuts are toasted and the chiles are tender, about 2 minutes. Stir in the  <END>
INPUT: Italian, pancetta, olive oil, onion, garlic, heavy cream
OUTPUT: TITLE: Penne with Sun-Dried Tomatoes and Arugula | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 pound thinly sliced pancetta, finely chopped; 1 tablespoon olive oil; 1 medium onion, finely chopped; 3 large garlic cloves, finely chopped; 2/3 cup heavy cream; 1/2 cup drained oil-packed sun-dried tomatoes, finely chopped; 5 ounces baby arugula (8 cups), coarsely chopped; 1 pound penne rigate; 1/2 cup grated parmesan plus additional for serving; 1/4 cup chopped basil or flat-leaf parsley | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook pancetta in oil in a 12-inch heavy skillet over medium-low heat, stirring occasionally, until browned and crisp, 6 to 10 minutes. Transfer pancetta with a slotted spoon to paper towels to drain. Pour off all but 2 tablespoons fat from skillet. Add onion, garlic, and 1/4 teaspoon each of salt and pepper and cook, stirring occasionally, until onion is softened and lightly browned, about 8 minutes. Stir in cream, sun-dried tomatoes, and pancetta and simmer until slightly thickened, 2 to 3 minutes. Remove from heat, then add arugula and stir until just wilted, about 1 minute. Meanwhile, cook  <END>
INPUT: refried, slab bacon, onion, garlic, chile de árbol, cumin
OUTPUT: TITLE: Schmaltz-Refried Pinto Beans | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 ounces slab bacon, sliced 1/4 inch thick; 1 large onion, chopped; 4 cloves garlic, chopped; 1 dried chile de árbol, seeds removed, crushed, or 1/4 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes; 1/2 teaspoon ground cumin; 1 1/2 cups dried pinto beans, soaked overnight; Kosher salt, freshly ground pepper; 1/3 cup schmaltz (chicken fat); 1 teaspoon apple cider vinegar (or more) | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook bacon in a large saucepan over medium heat, turning often, until browned and lightly crisped, 8–10 minutes. Add onion and garlic and cook, stirring occasionally, until soft, 8–10 minutes. Add chile de árbol and cumin and cook, stirring occasionally, until fragrant, about 1 minute. Add beans and 4 cups water. Bring to a boil, reduce heat, and cover. Simmer, stirring occasionally and adding more water if needed to keep beans just covered, until beans are tender and beginning to fall apart, 1 1/2–2 hours. Season with salt and pepper and let sit 30 minutes to absorb seasoning. Heat schmaltz i <END>
INPUT: French, pine nuts, Chioggia, olive oil, Kosher salt, wine vinegar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grapefruit and White Beets with Yogurt and Tarragon | CUISINE: French | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons pine nuts; 4 medium white or Chioggia (candy-stripe) beets (about 1 pound); 1 tablespoon olive oil; Kosher salt; 2 tablespoons white wine vinegar; 2 white grapefruits; 3/4 cup plain Greek yogurt; 1/4 cup fresh tarragon leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350°F. Toast pine nuts on a rimmed baking sheet, tossing occasionally, until golden brown, 6–8 minutes; let cool. Increase oven heat to 400°F. Place beets on a sheet of parchment paper set on top of a sheet of foil; rub beets with oil and season with salt. Close up parchment and foil around beets. Place packet on a baking sheet and roast beets until tender, 40–50 minutes. Unwrap beets and let cool. Peel beets and thinly slice into rounds. Toss beets and vinegar in a medium bowl; season with salt and let stand 15 minutes. Meanwhile, finely grate 1/2 teaspoon zest from 1 grapefru <END>
INPUT: Mexican, cold, asian, wide rice noodles, chicken, cucumbers, basil leaves, cilantro leaves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cold Asian Noodle Salad with Chicken and Cucumbers | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound wide rice noodles; 8 cups shredded cooked chicken; 4 small cucumbers, thinly sliced (about 3 cups); 1/3 cup fresh basil leaves, torn; 1/3 cup fresh cilantro leaves, torn; 1/3 cup fresh mint leaves, torn; 1/4 cup fish sauce (such as nam pla or nuoc nam); 1/4 cup fresh lime juice; 1/4 cup honey; 1/4 cup soy sauce; Hot chili paste (such as sambal oelek) | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook noodles according to package directions. Drain, transfer to a large bowl of ice water, drain again, then pat dry. Transfer noodles to another large bowl and add chicken, cucumbers, basil, cilantro, and mint. Whisk fish sauce, lime juice, honey, and soy sauce in a medium bowl. Season with hot chili paste. Add fish sauce mixture to noodle salad and stir to combine. Serve immediately. Cook noodles according to package directions. Drain, transfer to a large bowl of ice water, drain again, then pat dry. Transfer noodles to another large bowl and add chicken, cucumbers, basil, cilantro, and min <END>
INPUT: panini, wheat bread, peanut butter, banana, salted butter, powdered sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Peanut Butter and Banana Panini | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 slices wheat bread; 1 tablespoon peanut butter; 1 banana, sliced; 2 tablespoons salted butter, softened; 1 teaspoon powdered sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: Lay out the bread slices and spread them both with peanut butter. Lay the banana slices on one piece of bread. Press the 2 slices together. Butter one side of the sandwich and put it on a hot panini maker butter-side down. Butter the other side, close the lid and cook until it's toasted and warmed through. (If you do not have a panini maker, you can grill the sandwich in a skillet, laying another heavy skillet on top of the sandwich to press it together. Turn to grill the other side in the same way.) Sprinkle with powdered sugar, cut in half and serve! <END>
INPUT: pancakes, very fine egg, egg, caraway seeds, vegetable oil, unsalted butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Noodle Pancakes with Caraway | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 pound very fine egg noodles; 1 large egg, beaten lightly; 3/4 teaspoon caraway seeds; 1 tablespoon vegetable oil; 1 1/2 teaspoons unsalted butter | INSTRUCTIONS: In a saucepan of boiling salted water boil the noodles until they are al dente and drain them well. In a bowl toss the noodles with the egg and the caraway seeds until they are coated well. In a small non-stick skillet heat the oil and the butter until the foam subsides, add 1/2 cup of the noodle mixture, and form it into a pancake 4 inches in diameter, tidying the edges with a spatula. Cook the pancake over moderately high heat for 2 minutes, or until the underside is golden, turn it, and cook it for 2 minutes more. Slide the pancake onto a plate and keep it warm. Make pancakes with the remai <END>
INPUT: crisp, Granny Smith apples, lemon, orange, molasses, kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Apple Crisp | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: About 3 pounds or 8 Granny Smith apples, peeled; 1 lemon, zested and juiced, plus 1 lemon, zested for garnish, optional; 1 orange, zested and juiced; 1 tablespoon molasses; 1 1/4 teaspoons kosher salt, divided; 1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1/2 teaspoon powdered ginger; 1/8 teaspoon freshly ground nutmeg; 3/4 cup all-purpose flour; 1 cup light brown sugar; 1 stick (8 tablespoons) lightly salted butter, cut into cubes, plus 1 tablespoon for baking dish; Ice cream, for serving | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Put the apples on a flat surface. Cut the cheeks from the apple, to remove the core. Cut into fairly thin, but not too thin, slices. Put them in a bowl and add the lemon zest and juice and the orange zest and juice. Toss to coat the apples, then add the molasses, 1/2 teaspoon salt, the cinnamon, ginger, and the nutmeg. Toss to blend. In another bowl, combine the flour, brown sugar and remaining 3/4 teaspoon salt. Add the butter to the bowl and break it up with your fingers integrating the flour with the butter. Spread it out on  <END>
INPUT: confit, garlic, thyme, olive oil, unsalted butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Chicken with Garlic Confit | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 12 garlic cloves (about 1 head), lightly smashed and peeled; 3 fresh thyme sprigs; 3/4 cup plus 1 tablespoon olive oil; 1 (3-pound) chicken, quartered; 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, softened | INSTRUCTIONS: Put oven rack in upper third of oven and preheat oven to 500 degrees F. Cook garlic, thyme, and 3/4 cup oil in a 1 to 1 1/2-quart heavy saucepan over low heat, uncovered, until garlic is very tender but not golden, about 25 minutes. While garlic is cooking, pat chicken pieces dry and rub all over with butter and remaining tablespoon oil. Sprinkle all over with salt and pepper. Arrange chicken, skin sides up, in a shallow baking pan and roast 20 minutes. Transfer garlic to a small bowl along with 1 tablespoon garlic oil and mash with a fork. Spread mashed garlic over skin of roasted chicken, th <END>
INPUT: peanut oil, turkey, Salt, butter, parsley leaves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fried Turkey | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 to 5 quarts peanut oil; 1 whole turkey (8 to 9 pounds), at room temperature; Salt; 2 tablespoons butter; 2 to 3 tablespoons chopped parsley leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: In 10-gallon outdoor cooker pot with a basket insert, begin heating the oil over a very hot propane flame outdoors to 390 degrees F. Do not set the burner to its highest setting, as you may need to increase the heat after you have added the turkey. It will take about 20 minutes for the oil to heat. Meanwhile, rinse the turkey well, pat it dry inside and out, and set it on end in a sink to drain. When the oil reaches 350 degrees F, pat the turkey dry again, and sprinkle it with salt. Place the turkey in the basket and carefully and slowly lower the basket with the turkey into the oil. Immediate <END>
INPUT: butter, egg, milk, pure Vermont maple, vanilla
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mapled Nut Butter Tart | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/3 cup butter, melted; 1 egg, beaten; 2 tablespoons milk; 1/2 cup pure Vermont maple syrup; 1 teaspoon vanilla; 1 cup or (4-ounce) bag maple sugar coated pecans or walnuts, coarsely chopped (recommended: Mapled Nut Co. brand); 1 (9-inch) unbaked tart shell or pie shell | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Combine butter, egg, milk, maple syrup and vanilla. Add chopped nuts and gently pour into tart shell. Garnish with extra nuts if you like. Bake for 25 to 30 minutes until top of tart is puffed and bubbly and crust is starting to brown. Cool for 20 minutes before removing from tart pan. Can be served warm or at room temperature. Add a dollop of whipped cream for an extra special treat <END>
INPUT: Asian, cake, all purpose flour, tart cherries, crystallized ginger, ginger
OUTPUT: TITLE: Ginger Spice Cake with Dried Cherries | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup (1 stick) unsalted butter, room temperature, plus more for pan; 2 1/2 cups all-purpose flour plus more for pan; 1 cup dried tart cherries (about 6 ounces), finely chopped; 1/2 cup finely chopped crystallized ginger; 1 tablespoon finely grated peeled ginger; 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard; 1 cup hot espresso or very strong coffee; 1 tablespoon ground ginger; 2 teaspoons baking soda; 1 1/2 teaspoons kosher salt; 1 teaspoon ground allspice; 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 1/2 cup (packed) dark brown sugar; 3 large eggs | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350°F. Butter Bundt pan. Dust pan with flour, tapping out excess. Combine cherries, crystallized ginger, grated ginger, and Dijon mustard in a medium bowl. Pour espresso over cherry mixture and set aside. Whisk 2 1/2 cups flour, ground ginger, baking soda, salt, allspice, cinnamon, and pepper in a large bowl. Using an electric mixer on medium speed, beat 1/2 cup butter in a large bowl until light and fluffy, about 2 minutes. Add brown sugar and beat for 2 minutes. Beat in eggs one at a time, then beat in molasses. Strain cherry mixture into a small bowl, reserving soaking liqui <END>
INPUT: American, lobster tail meat, Spanish onion, carrots, tarragon, peas
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lobster Pot Pie | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 pounds lobster tail meat; 1 large Spanish onion, diced; 2 carrots, sliced into thin coins; 2 teaspoons fresh tarragon; 1 cup frozen peas; 4 red potatoes, diced; 4 tablespoons unsalted butter; 2 cups milk; 2 bay leaves; 1 teaspoon white pepper; 1 tablespoon lobster base; 4 tablespoons unsalted butter; 4 tablespoons all-purpose flour; 1/2 cup dry white wine; 2 1/2 cups all-purpose flour | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Fill a large saucepan with lightly salted water and bring it to a boil. Add the lobster meat, reduce the heat to low, and cook 10 minutes until the meat is opaque. Drain and set aside to cool. Place 4 tablespoons butter in a large saucepan and place it over medium heat. Allow the butter to melt and add the onion, carrots, and tarragon. Stir to coat, lower the heat, and let cook for 20 to 30 minutes, stirring occasionally. Add the peas in the last 5 minutes of cooking. Meanwhile, place the diced potatoes in a small saucepan and cover with water. Add a little s <END>
INPUT: Italian, halibut fillet, all purpose flour, egg, Parmesan cheese, clarified butter vegetable
OUTPUT: TITLE: Halibut Parmesan | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: One 8-ounce halibut fillet, about 3/4-inch thick; 1/2 cup all-purpose flour; 1 large egg; 1 cup finely grated Parmesan cheese; 2-3 tablespoons clarified butter or vegetable oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: 3 shallow dishes Put an oven rack in the center of the oven and preheat the oven to 450 degrees F. Pat the halibut dry with a paper towel. Spread the flour in 1 shallow dish, beat the egg with 2 tablespoons water in another, and put the Parmesan cheese in a third. Heat a medium oven-proof skillet over medium-high heat. Add the butter or oil and heat until hot but not smoking. Meanwhile, coat the halibut with flour, shaking off the excess; repeat with the egg mixture and Parmesan. Add the fish to the pan and cook until golden on both sides, 1 to 2 minutes per side. Transfer t <END>
INPUT: American, frozen, bacon, sugar, cinnamon, chocolate wafers, unsalted butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Frozen Peanut Butter Pie with Candied Bacon | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 7 bacon slices (about 6 ounces); 3/4 cup sugar, divided; 1/8 teaspoon ground cinnamon; About 35 chocolate wafers, finely ground in a blender or food processor (about 2 cups crumbs); 3/4 stick unsalted butter, melted; 1 cup milk; 1 cup creamy peanut butter (not natural); 1/2 teaspoon pure vanilla extract; 1 1/4 cups chilled heavy cream; 1/3 cup salted roasted peanuts, finely chopped; a 10-inch pie plate (6-cup capacity) | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook bacon (in 2 batches if necessary) in a 12-inch heavy skillet over medium heat, turning once, until lightly browned on edges but still flexible, 5 to 6 minutes total per batch. Transfer to paper towels to drain. Pour off fat from skillet and arrange bacon in skillet in 1 layer. Sprinkle 1/4 cup sugar and cinnamon over bacon and cook over low heat, turning occasionally with tongs, until sugar has dissolved and then caramelized (sugar melts very slowly and burns easily; reduce heat if necessary after sugar begins to caramelize) and coats bacon, 8 to 10 minutes. (Bacon will be dark and look l <END>
INPUT: southern, cream cheese, chicken flavored stuffing, Vidalia onion, basil leaves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Southern-Fried Stuffed Chicken with Roasted Red Pepper-and-Vidalia Onion Gravy | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 ounces cream cheese, softened; 1 cup dry chicken-flavored stuffing mix; 1/2 cup (2 ounces) finely shredded Romano cheese; 1/2 cup chopped Vidalia onion; 1/4 cup minced fresh basil leaves; 4 large boned chicken breast halves with skin; 4 ready-to-serve bacon slices; 1 large egg; 1 cup milk; 1 cup all-purpose baking mix; 2 teaspoons Creole seasoning; 1 teaspoon black pepper; Canola oil; Roasted Red Pepper-and-Vidalia Onion Gravy, recipe follows; 1 large Vidalia onion, halved vertically | INSTRUCTIONS: Stir together first 5 ingredients in a medium bowl. Set aside. Place chicken, skin side down, between 2 sheets of heavy-duty plastic wrap; flatten to 1/4-inch thickness, using a mallet or rolling pin. Spread 1/4 of cream cheese mixture on skinless side of each chicken breast half; top with 1 piece of bacon. Roll up chicken, jellyroll fashion, lifting skin and tucking roll under skin. Whisk together egg and milk in a bowl. Combine baking mix, Creole seasoning, and pepper in a shallow dish. Dip chicken rolls in egg mixture; dredge in baking mix mixture. Pour oil to depth of 2 inches in a large s <END>
INPUT: pork, chili, guajillo chile peppers, chiles de arbol, virgin olive oil, Fresno chile peppers, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Beef-and-Pork Chili | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 dried guajillo chile peppers, stems removed; 4 dried chiles de arbol, stems removed; 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 2 Fresno chile peppers, sliced; 1 red onion, sliced; 6 cloves garlic, crushed; 2 teaspoons ground cumin; 1 teaspoon dried oregano; Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper; 2 tablespoons tomato paste; 1 28-ounce can whole peeled tomatoes; 2 15-ounce cans low-sodium beef broth; 2 tablespoons masa harina (corn flour); 1 tablespoon packed brown sugar; 1 tablespoon apple cider vinegar | INSTRUCTIONS: Toast the dried chiles in a large heavy-bottomed pot or Dutch oven over medium-high heat, turning often, until slightly darkened and fragrant, about 4 minutes. Remove to a plate and set aside. Heat 2 tablespoons olive oil in the pot. Add the Fresno chiles, red onion, garlic, cumin, oregano, 1/2 teaspoon salt and 1/4 teaspoon pepper. Cook, stirring, until the onion softens, about 4 minutes. Add the tomato paste and cook, stirring, until the vegetables are coated, about 1 minute. Add the tomatoes, beef broth, masa harina, brown sugar, vinegar and the toasted chiles to the pot. Bring to a boil, t <END>
INPUT: chicken wings, mayonnaise, Dijon mustard, cider vinegar, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mustard Caraway Chicken Wings | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 pounds chicken wings; 2/3 cup mayonnaise; 1/2 cup Dijon mustard; 1/4 cup cider vinegar; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 2 cups fine fresh rye bread crumbs; 2 teaspoons caraway seeds | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F. Cut the wings tips off the wings and reserve for another use, such as stock. Cut the wings in 1/2 at the joint. In a bowl, whisk together the mayonnaise, mustard, vinegar, and salt. Add the wings and toss them until coated well. In another bowl, toss together the breadcrumbs and caraway seeds and coat the wings with the crumb mixture. Bake the wings on a rack in a shallow roasting pan, turning once, until lightly browned, about 30 to 35 minutes. <END>
INPUT: new potatoes, cheddar cheese, sour cream, scallions, bacon bits
OUTPUT: TITLE: New Potato Bar | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 25 small new potatoes; 2 cups cheddar cheese, shredded; 2 cups sour cream; 3 bunches scallions, chopped finely; 2 cups bacon bits; 1 cup whipped butter; 3 to 4 ounces caviar; 2 tablespoons sea salt; 2 tablespoons cracked black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook small new potatoes in boiling water until tender. It is best to chill them overnight and then cut them in half the next day. Use a melon baller and scoop out the center of potatoes. Arrange them in basket or on a platter and serve with assorted condiments such as shredded cheddar cheese, sour cream, scallions, bacon bits, whipped butter, caviar, sea salt and cracked black pepper. <END>
INPUT: fruit, ragout, olive oil, onion, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Garlic Chicken and Fruit Ragout | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons olive oil; 8 boneless, skinless chicken thighs; 1/4 cup chopped yellow onion; 1/4 cup minced garlic; 1 can (14-ounce) chicken stock; 1 tablespoon grated fresh ginger root; 1/4 teaspoon allspice; 1/4 teaspoon ground cloves; 1/2 teaspoon coarse kosher salt; 1/4 teaspoon black pepper; 1/8 teaspoon ground chipotle chili pepper; 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 2 teaspoons prepared yellow mustard; 1/2 cup dried Mediterranean apricots, cut into 1/2-inch pieces; 1/4 cup raisins | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat a large frying pan to medium high heat, then add olive oil. When oil is hot, add the chicken thighs and cook, turning, about 12 minutes, or until chicken is golden brown on all sides and fork can be easily inserted. Remove chicken from pan and drain off any excess oil. Place onion in pan and saute over medium heat for 2 minutes; add garlic and saute for an additional minute. Slowly add chicken stock, scraping pan to dissolve bits clinging to the bottom. When chicken stock begins to bubble, add ginger, allspice, cloves, salt, black pepper, chipotle chili, lemon juice, mustard, apricots, ra <END>
INPUT: American, double, Perfectly Flaky Pie, bananas, milk, egg yolks, cornstarch
OUTPUT: TITLE: Double Banana Cream Pie | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 recipe Perfectly Flaky Pie Crust, recipe follows; 4 large ripe bananas; 2 cups whole milk; 6 large egg yolks; 1/4 cup cornstarch; 3/4 cup dark brown sugar; 2 teaspoons vanilla extract; 1/2 teaspoon table salt; 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, room temperature and cut into small pieces; Coffee Whipped Cream, recipe follows; 1 3/4 cups all-purpose flour; 2 teaspoons granulated sugar; 3/4 teaspoon table salt; 6 tablespoons cold unsalted butter, small dice; 1/4 cup shortening, crumbled | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat oven to 375 degrees F, arrange rack in upper third, and place a baking sheet on rack while oven heats. Meanwhile, roll dough on a lightly floured surface to a 12-inch diameter circle approximately 1/8-inch thick. Transfer dough to a 9 1/2-inch pie dish and trim edges so there is a 1/2-inch overhang. Use excess dough to press crust into pie plate. Fold edge of crust back on itself and press, as desired, into a decorative crust. (Can be made 2 days ahead and kept covered in refrigerator until ready to use.) Pierce bottom of crust all over with a fork. Line pie with aluminum foil so it overh <END>
INPUT: Asian, yong, eggs, peanut vegetable oil, mushrooms, soy sauce, sugar snap peas
OUTPUT: TITLE: Shrimp-Mushroom Egg Foo Yong | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 6 large eggs; 3 tablespoons peanut or vegetable oil; 1 8-ounce package sliced white mushrooms; 5 teaspoons soy sauce; 1 cup sugar snap peas (about 4 ounces), trimmed and sliced; 1 1/2 teaspoons minced peeled ginger (from a 1/2-inch piece); 1 bunch scallions, thinly sliced; 6 ounces cooked, peeled and deveined shrimp, chopped; 1 cup low-sodium chicken broth; 1 tablespoon cornstarch; 1 teaspoon toasted sesame oil; 3 cups cooked rice, for serving | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the broiler. Whisk the eggs in a bowl. Heat 1 tablespoon peanut oil in a medium nonstick ovenproof skillet over medium-high heat. Add the mushrooms and stir-fry 5 minutes. Stir in 1 teaspoon soy sauce. Transfer to the bowl with the eggs using a slotted spoon. Add the snap peas, ginger and half of the scallions to the skillet; stir-fry until crisp-tender, 1 to 2 minutes. Add the shrimp and 2 teaspoons soy sauce; cook 1 minute. Add to the bowl with the eggs. Whisk 1/4 cup water, the broth, cornstarch and the remaining 2 teaspoons soy sauce. Wipe out the skillet. Add 1 tablespoon peanut o <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, tapenade, cured olives, anchovy fillets, garlic, capers, olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Green Olive Tapenade | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 1 10-ounce jar cured pitted green olives, well drained; 1 2-ounce can anchovy fillets, well drained; 2 large garlic cloves; 1 teaspoon drained capers; 1/4 cup olive oil; 1 1/2 teaspoons fresh lemon juice; 1/8 teaspoon cayenne pepper; Toasted bread slices | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine olives, anchovies, garlic and capers in processor and puree until smooth. With machine running, slowly add oil and process until mixture resembles smooth paste, occasionally scraping down sides of work bowl. Mix in lemon juice and cayenne. Transfer tapenade to bowl. (Can be prepared 1 week ahead. Cover and refrigerate.) Serve tapenade with toasted bread slices. Combine olives, anchovies, garlic and capers in processor and puree until smooth. With machine running, slowly add oil and process until mixture resembles smooth paste, occasionally scraping down sides of work bowl. Mix in lemon <END>
INPUT: vinaigrette, rounded grainy mustard, wine vinegar, virgin olive oil, mixed baby greens, Salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Baby Greens with Mustard Vinaigrette | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 rounded teaspoon grainy mustard; 1 tablespoon red wine vinegar; 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 6 to 8 ounces mixed baby greens, 1 sack; Salt and pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine mustard and vinegar in the bottom of a bowl. Stream in extra-virgin olive oil, whisking dressing as oil is added. Add greens to the bowl. Toss and turn greens with tongs to evenly coat them with dressing. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. <END>
INPUT: Asian, salmon, fluke fillet, chives chives garnish, wasabi paste, lemon juice, Japanese pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Smoked Salmon with Quail Egg | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 pound fresh fluke fillet; 1 heaping tablespoon chopped chives plus 12 whole chives for garnish; 3/4 teaspoon wasabi paste (available at Japanese specialty stores); 6 1/2 teaspoons lemon juice; 1 1/2 teaspoons Japanese ground red pepper (available at Japanese specialty stores); Salt; 6 tablespoons coarsely-cut fresh ginger; 6 large egg yolks; 6 tablespoons peanut oil; 6 tablespoons heavy cream; 1 sheet nori (Japanese seaweed) or 1 to 2 tablespoons nori sprinkles; 3 cups loosely-packed mixed greens (such as chicory, red leaf lettuce and sprouts), torn into small pieces; 3/4 teaspoon toasted sesame seeds; 6 quails' egg yolks (raw); 9 drops dark sesame oil | INSTRUCTIONS: On a work surface using two Japanese cleavers or a very sharp knife, chop fluke to a coarse paste. Add chopped chives, wasabi paste, 2 teaspoons of the lemon juice and 1/2 teaspoon of the Japanese red pepper. Mix well and season to taste with salt. Transfer to a plate, cover and refrigerate. In food processor combine ginger and egg yolks; process 10 seconds. Add remaining 4 1/2 teaspoons lemon juice. With motor running, add oil drop by drop until sauce emulsifies then heavy cream in a slow stream. Season to taste with salt, transfer to a small bowl, cover and refrigerate at least 30 minutes. T <END>
INPUT: cookies, biscochitos, sugar, orange, sherry, all purpose flour, baking powder
OUTPUT: TITLE: Anise Seed-Cinnamon Cookies: Biscochitos | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2/3 cup sugar; 1 orange, zested; 1/4 cup sherry; 3 cups all-purpose flour; 1 teaspoon baking powder; 1 teaspoon anise seed, toasted; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1 cup lard or shortening; 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1/4 cup sugar; 1 egg, beaten | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Lightly grease baking sheets. In a small bowl combine sugar, orange zest, and sherry, and set aside to let flavors infuse the sugar. In a large mixing bowl, thoroughly combine flour, baking powder, anise seed, and salt. In another bowl, beat the lard with an electric mixer until fluffy. Add lard and infused sugar to flour mixture and knead until it forms a cohesive mass. On a floured surface, roll dough to a thickness of 1/4-inch. Cut into rectangles and pinch 1 of the short sides into deditos (little toes) which will spread apart when baking. For the topping, co <END>
INPUT: Indian, plain milk yogurt, vinegar based hot, garlic, oregano, olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Yogurt Marinated Grilled Chicken | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup plain whole-milk yogurt; 1/4 cup vinegar-based hot sauce (such as Crystal); 4 finely chopped garlic cloves; 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh oregano; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 1/2 teaspoon garam masala; Dai Due's Master Brined Chicken , backbone removed; Vegetable oil for grilling | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine 1/2 cup plain whole-milk yogurt, 1/4 cup vinegar-based hot sauce (such as Crystal), 4 finely chopped garlic cloves, 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh oregano, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, and 1/2 teaspoon garam masala in a large resealable plastic bag. Add 1 Dai Due's Master Brined Chicken, backbone removed, and turn to coat. Seal bag, pressing out air; chill chicken 8–24 hours. Prepare grill for medium heat; lightly brush grate with vegetable oil. Remove chicken from marinade, wiping off any excess, and grill, skin side down, until skin is lightly c <END>
INPUT: deep, jelly, bell pepper, sugar, pepper vinegar, pineapple juice, bell peppers
OUTPUT: TITLE: Deep Fried Pork Chops with Sweet and Spicy Red Pepper Jelly | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup diced bell pepper (red or yellow), frozen; 1 1/2 cups sugar; 3/4 cup pepper vinegar; 1/2 cup pineapple juice; 6 red bell peppers, roasted, peeled and chopped; 1 jalapeno, chopped with seeds; 2 tablespoons pectin; 4 thick-cut rib pork chops; 1 tablespoon blackening seasoning; 1 tablespoon kosher salt; 1/2 tablespoon freshly ground black pepper; 2 cups all-purpose flour; 2 cups buttermilk; Canola oil, for frying | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. For the pepper jelly: Combine the sugar, vinegar, pineapple juice, roasted bell peppers and jalapeno. Blend using a food processor or immersion blender. Place the puree in a 2-quart saucepan and bring to a rolling boil. Add the pectin and continue to boil for 60 seconds, at which point add the frozen peppers to stop the cooking process. Pour the jelly into a metal container and chill in an ice bath for about 1 hour until it sets, or overnight in the refrigerator. For the pork chops: Using the toothy side of a meat tenderizer, pound the pork chops to about 1/2-inc <END>
INPUT: Mexican, salsa, chips, mixed stone fruit, honey, basil, lemon juice, cinnamon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Stone Fruit Salsa with Cinnamon Chips | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 6 cups chopped mixed stone fruit (apricots, cherries, peaches, plums); 2 tablespoons honey; 1 tablespoon minced fresh basil; 1 tablespoon lemon juice; 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon; Pinch kosher salt; 1/4 cup sugar; 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 6 (8-inch) flour tortillas; 4 tablespoons (1/2 stick) unsalted butter, melted | INSTRUCTIONS: For the salsa: In a large mixing bowl, combine the mixed stone fruits, honey, basil, lemon juice, cinnamon and salt. Stir to coat the fruit evenly. Taste and season accordingly. Refrigerate until ready to serve. For the chips: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. In a small bowl, combine the sugar and cinnamon. Brush both sides of the flour tortillas with the melted butter. Sprinkle the cinnamon sugar over both sides of the tortillas. Cut the tortillas into 8 wedges. Place on a baking sheet and bake until crisp, about 20 minutes, flipping half way through. Serve with the fruit salsa. Cook's Note <END>
INPUT: American, microwave, elbow macaroni, milk, Kosher salt, deli American cheese, pepper Jack Monterey
OUTPUT: TITLE: Microwave Mac and Cheese | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cups elbow macaroni; 2 cups whole milk; Kosher salt; 1 cup shredded deli yellow American cheese (about 4 ounces); 1 cup shredded pepper Jack or Monterey Jack cheese (about 4 ounces); 1/4 cup grated Parmesan; 2 ounces cream cheese; 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard | INSTRUCTIONS: Stir the macaroni, 1 cup of the milk and 1/4 teaspoon salt in a microwave-safe 4-quart bowl. (It is important that you use a bowl large enough to prevent the milk from boiling over.) Cover tightly with plastic wrap; cut a small slit in the center with the tip of a paring knife to vent excess steam. Microwave on high (at 100 percent power) for 4 minutes in either an 1,100- or a 700-watt oven. Uncover (be careful to avoid the hot steam) and stir. Cover and microwave on high (at 100 percent power) until the macaroni is about two-thirds cooked, a little harder than al dente, 1 1/2 minutes in an 1, <END>
INPUT: duchessa, Vegetable oil, veal scaloppini, flour, sherry wine, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Veal Duchessa | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Vegetable oil; 4 pieces thinly sliced veal scaloppini; 1 cup flour; 1/4 cup sherry wine; Freshly ground black pepper; 1 tablespoon butter; 4 to 5 asparagus spears, cut into 1/4-inch pieces; Salt; 1 ball mozzarella, sliced; 1/4 to 1/2 cup chicken stock; Sun dried tomatoes, as many as you like | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat some oil in a pan until hot. Dredge veal in the flour until it is well coated. Add the veal to the hot oil and pan fry until golden brown on both sides (veal will cook very quickly). Drain off the excess oil from the pan and add the sherry wine, pepper, and butter. Sprinkle the asparagus over the veal. Season with salt. Cut 3 large pieces of mozzarella in half and place on top of veal and asparagus. Add a little chicken stock and sun-dried tomatoes and cook until the sauce reduces and becomes thick. Serve when cheese is completely melted. Add more stock if necessary. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, salsa, plum tomatoes, jalapeno pepper, lime juice, olive oil, Salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tomato Salsa | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 4 plum tomatoes, cored, seeded and cut into large chunks; 1 jalapeno pepper, stemmed, seeded and sliced; 1 tablespoon lime juice; 2 teaspoons olive oil; Salt and pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Put tomato, pepper, lime juice, and olive oil in a blender and puree until smooth. Season with salt and pepper. <END>
INPUT: stew, mixed Hawaiian fish, Pink Hawaiian salt, pepper, Canola oil, habaneros
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spicy Hawaiian Fish Stew with Creamy 'Poi' | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 pounds mixed Hawaiian fish, eviscerated, scaled and hacked into 2-inch pieces, keep heads whole; Pink Hawaiian salt; Black pepper; Canola oil, to cook; 2 habaneros, de-stemmed, finely sliced; 2 onions sliced; 5 cloves garlic, sliced; 5 slices ginger, peeled, sliced 1/8-inch thick; 2 cups, peeled whole tomatoes (canned tomatoes are ok); 6 sprigs thyme; 2 bay leaves; 6 kaffir lime leaves; Water, to cover; 3 limes, juiced; 1/2 pound Gai Choy, cut into 20-inch pieces | INSTRUCTIONS: Season the fish with salt and pepper. In a stockpot coated with oil, sear the fish. Add the habaneros, onions, garlic, ginger, tomatoes, thyme, bay leaves, and kaffir leaves. Cover with water, check for seasoning and bring to a simmer. Simmer for 1 hour. Squeeze in lime juice and gai choy right before serving. Check for seasoning. To make the poi, heat the cream with the garlic and ginger and reduce by 20 percent. Add the hot taro and mash together smooth. Season and check for flavor. Place a mound of poi in the middle of a large pasta bowl. Top off with lots of the fish stew. Garnish with sca <END>
INPUT: julep, spearmint leaves, superfine sugar, bourbon, Ice cubes, soda
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mint Julep | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 12 to 15 fresh spearmint leaves (no stems), plus a sprig for garnish; 1 teaspoon superfine sugar; 2 ounces bourbon; Ice cubes; 1 ounce club soda | INSTRUCTIONS: Put the mint, sugar, and a touch of the bourbon in a chilled silver cup or glass mug. Muddle the leaves with the sugar by pressing them with a pestle or a wooden spoon until fragrant and the sugar dissolves. Add the ice and pour in the remaining bourbon, and stir to combine. Top the julep off with the club soda. Garnish with the mint sprig and serve. Copyright 2005 Television Food Network, G.P. All rights reserved. <END>
INPUT: American, cobbler, peaches, light sugar, cinnamon, granola
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Peach Cobbler | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 6 ripe peaches, halved, pit removed; 1 stick (8 tablespoons) unsalted cold butter, melted, plus more if needed, divided; 8 tablespoons light brown sugar, divided; 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, divided; 1/2 cup granola; 1 pint vanilla ice cream; 1/2 cup prepared caramel sauce, heated | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Heat the grill to medium. Place the peaches cut side down on the grill until browned. Remove from the grill, cut into wedges and place into a gratin dish. To the peaches add half the butter, half the brown sugar and half the cinnamon, and toss. Add the remaining butter, sugar and cinnamon to the granola in a small bowl and toss until combined, adding more butter if needed. Top the peaches with the granola mixture and place the gratin dish onto the grill. Close and bake until the peaches and granola are golden brown, about 15 minutes. Place 1 large scoop of ice cr <END>
INPUT: Asian, tempura, dipping, vegetable oil, soy sauce, lime juice, superfine granulated sugar, all purpose flour
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sesame Tempura Green Beans with Soy Dipping Sauce | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: About 4 cups vegetable oil; 2 tablespoons soy sauce; 2 teaspoons fresh lime juice; 1 teaspoon superfine granulated sugar; 1 cup all-purpose flour; 1/4 cup sesame seeds; 1 cup beer (not dark); 3/4 pound green beans, trimmed | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat 2 inches oil in a 4-quart heavy pot over moderate heat until a deep-fat thermometer registers 365 degrees. While the oil is heating, make dipping sauce by stirring together soy sauce, lime juice, and sugar until sugar is dissolved. Set aside. Whisk together flour and sesame seeds and whisk in beer until batter is smooth. Toss about 10 beans in batter until coated. Add to oil 1 at a time (to keep separate) and fry, turning, until golden, about 1 1/2 minutes. Transfer with tongs to paper towels to drain and sprinkle with salt to taste. Coat and fry remaining beans in same manner. Serve bean <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, salad, chunks watermelon, crumbled feta cheese, pepper taste, pepper flakes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Watermelon and Feta Salad | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 3 cups 2-inch chunks watermelon, seeded; 1 cup crumbled feta cheese; Coarsely ground black pepper to taste; 1/2 teaspoon red-pepper flakes (optional) | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large bowl, combine the watermelon, feta, and a few generous grindings of black pepper. For a little more zing, add the red pepper flakes, if you like. In a large bowl, combine the watermelon, feta, and a few generous grindings of black pepper. For a little more zing, add the red pepper flakes, if you like. <END>
INPUT: soup, olive oil, celery, carrots, garlic, shallots
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken Lemon Orzo Soup | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons olive oil; 3 celery stalks, diced; 2 carrots, diced; 2 cloves garlic, minced; 2 shallots, diced; 1/4 cup dry sherry; 1 gallon good chicken stock; 4 sprigs fresh thyme; 2 bay leaves; 2 chicken breasts, bone-in, skin on; Zest of 2 lemons; 1 cup fresh lemon juice; 3 tablespoons butter; 1 cup orzo, cooked until al dente according to package directions; 1/4 cup fresh tarragon leaves, chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. In an 8-quart soup pot, heat the oil over medium heat. Add the celery, carrots, garlic and shallots, and saute until just tender, 5 to 8 minutes. Deglaze with the sherry, and then add in the stock, bay leaves and thyme. Add in the chicken, bring to a simmer and cook until the chicken is cooked through, 15 to 20 minutes. Remove the chicken and let it cool. Simmer the soup for 10 minutes more. Season, and remove the thyme and bay leaves. Shred the cooled chicken. Add any accumulated juices from the chicken plate back to the pot along with the lemon zest and juice.  <END>
INPUT: vegetable, virgin olive oil, balsamic vinegar, dill, salt, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Quick Vegetable Skewers | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 1/4 cup balsamic vinegar; 1 tablespoon fresh dill; 1/2 teaspoon salt; Cracked black pepper; 6 large cloves garlic; 8 button mushrooms; 2 large zucchini, cut into 1-inch dice; 1/2 cup red onion, cut into 1-inch dice; 4 plum tomatoes, halved; 4 wooden skewers, soaked in water for 30 minutes, or 4 metal skewers | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat grill. Whisk olive oil, vinegar, dill, salt and pepper together in a small bowl; set aside. Assemble skewers, starting with garlic, mushroom, zucchini, onion, and tomato. Repeat until skewer is full, leaving 1 inch at each end of skewer. Brush each skewer with olive oil marinade. Grill for about 6 minutes, or until vegetables are cooked to your liking, turning skewers once after 3 minutes. <END>
INPUT: Italian, sausage, burgers, pork, pepper flakes, smoked sweet paprika, fennel, sage
OUTPUT: TITLE: Hot Sausage Burgers with Broccoli Rabe and Provolone | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 to 1 3/4 pounds coarsely ground pork (ask butcher to do this); 1 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, 1/3 palmful; 2 teaspoons smoked sweet paprika, 2/3 palmful; 1 1/2 teaspoons ground fennel, fennel pollen or 1 teaspoon fennel seed; 1 teaspoon ground sage, 1/3 palmful; 1 teaspoon granulated onion, 1/3 palmful; 1 teaspoon granulated garlic, 1/3 palmful; Salt; Extra-virgin olive oil, for drizzling, plus 1 tablespoon; 3 tablespoons dark brown sugar; 2 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce; 1 tablespoon balsamic vinegar; 1 cup tomato sauce; Freshly ground black pepper; 1 small bundle broccoli rabe, tough ends discarded | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large bowl, combine the pork, red pepper flakes, paprika, fennel, sage, onion, garlic and salt, to taste. Form the meat into 4 patties, put on a plate and coat with a drizzle of extra-virgin olive oil. Heat a small pot over medium-low heat and add the brown sugar, Worcestershire, vinegar, tomato sauce and black pepper, to taste. Simmer until the mixture becomes a thick steak sauce consistency, about 15 minutes. Add a couple inches of water to a medium skillet over medium-high heat. Bring to a boil, then salt the water and add the broccoli rabe. Cook for 5 minutes, then drain. Transfer the <END>
INPUT: salad, wild rice, Kosher salt, basmati rice, Iranian lime, shelled fava beans
OUTPUT: TITLE: Rice Salad with Fava Beans and Pistachios | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup wild rice; Kosher salt; 1 cup basmati rice; 1 dried Iranian lime (optional); 1 cup fresh shelled fava beans (from about 1 pound pods) or frozen, thawed; 1/2 cup chopped fresh dill; 1/2 cup chopped fresh flat-leaf parsley; 1/2 cup unsalted, raw pistachios; 1/4 cup olive oil; 2 teaspoons finely grated lemon zest; 1/4 cup fresh lemon juice; 1/2 teaspoon Iranian lime powder or 1 teaspoon finely grated lime zest; Dried Iranian limes, also known as limu omani, are available at Middle Eastern markets and online | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook wild rice in a medium pot of boiling salted water until tender and grains start to split, 35–40 minutes. Drain; let cool. Meanwhile, combine basmati rice, lime, if using, and 1 1/2 cups water in a medium saucepan, season with salt, and bring to a boil. Reduce heat, cover, and simmer 10 minutes. Remove from heat and fluff with a fork. Cover; let sit until water is absorbed, about 5 minutes. Let cool; discard lime. If using fresh fava beans, cook in a large saucepan of boiling salted water until tender, about 4 minutes. Drain; transfer to a bowl of ice water. Drain and peel. (If using froze <END>
INPUT: Italian, cupcakes, olive oil, superfine sugar, crystallized ginger, egg whites, cake flour
OUTPUT: TITLE: Crystallized Ginger Olive Oil Cupcakes with Lime Buttercream, Opal Basil, Mint, and Lime Zest | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cups plus 1/8 cup olive oil; 2 cups superfine sugar; 1 1/2 cups crystallized ginger, run through food processor; 8 egg whites; 3 cups cake flour; 3 teaspoons baking powder; 2 tablespoons ground ginger; 1 teaspoon salt; 1 cup whole milk; 3 teaspoons vanilla; Lime Buttercream, recipe follows; Micro opal basil, for garnish; Micro mint, for garnish; Lime zest, for garnish; 1 1/4 cups fresh lime juice | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line mini cupcake pans with 48 mini cupcake liners. In the bowl of a stand mixer with the paddle attachment, mix the oil and sugar on high speed until creamy and fully incorporated. Mix in the crystallized ginger until fully incorporated. Add the egg whites and mix well. Sift together the flour, baking powder, ground ginger, and salt in a large bowl. On medium speed, add the flour mixture alternately with the milk and vanilla mixture until combined. Do not over-mix. Fill the cupcake liners three-quarters of the way and bake for 15 minutes. To assemble: Using  <END>
INPUT: sauce, butter, onion, wine, thyme, honey
OUTPUT: TITLE: Red Wine Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons butter; 1 1/2 cups finely chopped onion; 2 cups dry red wine; 1 teaspoon chopped fresh thyme; 1 teaspoon honey; 2 cups low-salt chicken broth; 2 tablespoons butter; Salt and pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: In large skillet over medium-high heat cook butter and onion until onion is golden, about 6 minutes. Add red wine, thyme, and honey to skillet and boil until mixture is reduced by 2/3, about 10 minutes. Add chicken broth to skillet and boil until reduced to generous 1 cup, about 1 minute. Whisk in butter, salt, and pepper. In large skillet over medium-high heat cook butter and onion until onion is golden, about 6 minutes. Add red wine, thyme, and honey to skillet and boil until mixture is reduced by 2/3, about 10 minutes. Add chicken broth to skillet and boil until reduced to generous 1 cup, a <END>
INPUT: royal, Ice, applejack, lemon juice, homemade grenadine, brut Champagne
OUTPUT: TITLE: Royal Jack | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Ice; 2 ounces applejack (recommended: Laird's Bonded); 1 ounce freshly squeezed lemon juice; 1 tablespoon homemade grenadine, recipe follows; 3 ounces brut Champagne; Sliced or diced apple or red apple peel; 2 cups unsweetened pomegranate juice; 3/4 cup granulated or turbinado sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: Fill a cocktail shaker or small pitcher with ice. Add the apple jack, lemon juice, and grenadine. Cover and shake vigorously until thoroughly mixed and chilled, about 30 seconds. (In general, the drink is ready by the time the shaker mists up.) Strain into 2 Champagne flutes. Top each drink off with 1 1/2 ounces Champagne. Garnish with the apple. Drink. Put pomegranate juice in a small sauce pan. Bring to a boil over high heat. Reduce the heat to a gentle simmer and continue to cook until liquid is reduced by half. Stir in the sugar to dissolve thoroughly, and simmer to thicken slightly. Cool. <END>
INPUT: American, flan, granulated sugar, water, eggs
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cream Cheese Flan | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup granulated sugar; 1/4 cup water; 1 (14-ounce) can sweetened condensed milk; 1 (8-ounce) package cream cheese, softened; 5 eggs; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; 1 (12-ounce) can evaporated milk | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Position rack in center of oven and preheat to 350 degrees F. Arrange 8 (6-ounce) oven-safe custard or dessert cups in a large roasting pan. Stir sugar and water in a small saucepan over low heat until sugar dissolves. Increase heat to high and boil without stirring until liquid is a deep golden brown, brushing down sides of saucepan with a wet pastry brush to prevent sugar from crystallizing, about 12 minutes. Quickly pour syrup into prepared cups. In a blender, combine condensed milk, cream cheese, eggs, and vanilla. Blend until smooth, about 30 seconds. Transf <END>
INPUT: new potatoes, virgin olive oil, chives, kosher salt, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chive Roasted Potatoes with Horseradish-Sour Cream and Caviar | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 pounds new red potatoes (or a mixture of red and purple); 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 2 tablespoons fresh chives, finely chopped; 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt; 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 1/2 cup sour cream; 1 teaspoon prepared horseradish; 1 (2-ounce) jar caviar | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper. Wash and dry the potatoes. Slice them into 1/2-inch rounds and put them into a bowl. Drizzle in the olive oil; add 1 tablespoon chives, salt, and pepper, and toss to coat well. Arrange the potatoes separately on the baking sheet. Roast until the potatoes are cooked through, about 35 to 40 minutes. Remove from the oven and set aside to cool. In a small bowl, mix the sour cream and horseradish. To assemble, top the roasted potatoes with a dollop of the sour cream mixture and a sprinkling of chives. Add a small amount of <END>
INPUT: sugar, all purpose flour, milk, atural unsweetened cocoa, egg yolks
OUTPUT: TITLE: Bittersweet Cocoa Soufflé with Orange Blossom Cream | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup plus 3 tablespoons sugar; 2 tablespoons all purpose flour; 2/3 cup plus 2 tablespoons whole milk; 1/2 cup atural unsweetened cocoa powder (spooned into cup to measure, then leveled); 2 large egg yolks; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; 4 large egg whites; 1/8 teaspoon cream of tartar; 3 ounces bittersweet chocolate (do not exceed 61% cacao), finely chopped; Orange Blossom Cream; Special equipment: 8 2/3-to 3/4-cup ramekins or custard cups | INSTRUCTIONS: Butter eight 2/3-to 3/4-cup ramekins or custard cups; dust with sugar, completely coating to top edge. Whisk 1/2 cup sugar, flour, and 1/8 teaspoon (scant) salt in small saucepan. Pour 2/3 cup milk into measuring cup; whisk enough milk from cup into saucepan to form thick paste (2 to 3 tablespoons), then gradually whisk in remaining milk from cup. Stir over medium- low heat until bubbles begin to form around edges of pan. Continue cooking until slightly thickened, stirring constantly, about 2 minutes longer. Transfer mixture to large bowl. Add cocoa powder, remaining 2 tablespoons milk, egg yo <END>
INPUT: Asian, stir, favorite spices, olive oil, orange juice, cornstarch
OUTPUT: TITLE: Orange Chicken Stir fry | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 pound skinless, boneless chicken breast; 3 tablespoons favorite spices (garlic, ginger, onion powder, etc.); 1/2 cup olive oil, plus 1/4 cup; 1 cup orange juice; 1 tablespoon cornstarch; 1 tablespoon dry sherry; 1 tablespoon soy sauce; 1/2 teaspoon ground ginger; 1/2 teaspoon minced garlic; 1/2 teaspoon red pepper flakes; 1/2 orange, zested, plus extra for garnish; 1/4 cup broccoli flowerets; 1/4 cup sliced onion; 1/4 cup 1/4-inch cut carrots; 1/4 cup 1/4-inch cut peppers (chef's choice), green, red or yellow, cut into chunks | INSTRUCTIONS: Rinse chicken and pat dry. Cut chicken into 1-inch pieces. Marinate with favorite spices and 1/2 cup olive oil overnight in the refrigerator. Set aside. For sauce, stir together orange juice, cornstarch, sherry, ginger, garlic, red pepper flakes, and orange zest. Set aside. Preheat wok and add 1/4 cup olive oil over medium heat. Stir-fry chicken until no longer pink, quickly moving it through the wok. Add broccoli, onions, carrots, peppers, squash and zucchini and cook until al dente. Add snow peas, mushrooms, baby corn, bok choy and do the same. Stir sauce; add to center of the wok. Cook and  <END>
INPUT: jean, philippe, egg yolks, sugar, oil, cake flour, baking soda
OUTPUT: TITLE: Jean-Philippe's Carrot Cake | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 egg yolks; 1/4 cup sugar; 1/2 cup oil; 4 ounces cake flour; 1/4 teaspoon baking soda; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 1/4 teaspoon baking powder; 5 ounces shredded carrot; 1/4 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1 teaspoon allspice; 1/4 teaspoon nutmeg; 2 egg whites; 1 teaspoon sugar; 1 ounce walnut pieces, roasted; 4 egg whites | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 380 degrees F. Grease 6 tart molds with butter (3 1/2-inch by 1-inch). In an electric mixing bowl whip yolks and sugar together until silky. Add oil slowly. Sift cake flour, baking soda, salt, baking powder together and add slowly to the first mixture. Add in the carrot and spices. Whip egg whites with sugar to a soft peak and fold it gently into the mix. Fill the molds with prepared mix, add some roasted walnut pieces on the top and bake for 18 minutes. When ready, unmold on to wire screen until cold. Combine and cook together water, sugar, and honey until 248 degrees F on a c <END>
INPUT: hot water, porcini mushrooms, oranges, Turkish bay leaves, rosemary
OUTPUT: TITLE: Braised Lamb Shanks on Soft Polenta with Bay Leaves | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups hot water; 1/2 cup dried porcini mushrooms*; 2 large oranges; 4 Turkish bay leaves; 2 large fresh rosemary sprigs; 4 whole cloves; 6 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 2 cups finely chopped onions; 6 1-pound lamb shanks; 1 cup dry red wine (such as Barolo); 1/4 cup tomato paste; 8 cups low-salt chicken broth; Soft Polenta with Bay Leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine 2 cups hot water and mushrooms in small bowl. Let stand until mushrooms soften, about 30 minutes. Using vegetable peeler, remove peel (orange part only) from oranges in long strips. Squeeze juice from oranges; reserve peel and juice. Tie bay leaves, rosemary sprigs, and cloves in square of moistened cheesecloth. Heat 4 tablespoons olive oil in wide pot over medium-high heat. Add onions; sauté until golden, about 12 minutes. Using slotted spoon, transfer onions to small bowl. Add 2 tablespoons oil to pot. Sprinkle lamb with salt and pepper. Add 3 lamb shanks to pot. Sauté until brown on <END>
INPUT: bittersweet, chocolate, sugar, light corn syrup, water, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Bittersweet Chocolate and Hazelnut Tartlets with Jack Daniel's Ice Cream | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup sugar; 1/2 cup light corn syrup; 1/3 cup water; 1/2 cup (1 stick) unsalted butter, cut into 1-inch pieces; 1/8 teaspoon salt; 3/4 cup heavy whipping cream; 1/3 cup strong brewed decaffeinated coffee; 1 1/3 cups whole milk; 1 cup heavy whipping cream; 1/2 vanilla bean, split lengthwise; 3/4 cup (packed) golden brown sugar; 5 large egg yolks; Pinch of salt; 1 tablespoon Jack Daniel's or bourbon; 1 cup plus 2 tablespoons all purpose flour | INSTRUCTIONS: For sauce: Stir sugar, corn syrup, and 1/3 cup water in heavy large saucepan over medium-low heat until sugar dissolves. Increase heat to high and boil without stirring until mixture turns deep amber, occasionally swirling pan and brushing down sides with wet pastry brush, about 7 minutes. Remove from heat and immediately add butter and salt (mixture will bubble vigorously). Stir until butter melts. Add cream and coffee; whisk to blend. Cool. DO AHEAD: Can be made 3 days ahead. Cover and chill. Stir sugar, corn syrup, and 1/3 cup water in heavy large saucepan over medium-low heat until sugar d <END>
INPUT: olive oil, garlic, leek, reduced sodium vegetable, butternut squash
OUTPUT: TITLE: Butternut Squash with Quinoa, Spinach and Walnuts | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon olive oil; 2 cloves garlic, minced; 1 medium leek, white and light green parts only, cleaned and thinly sliced; 2 cups reduced-sodium vegetable broth; 2 cups peeled and diced butternut squash; 1 cup quinoa; 1/3 cup golden raisins; 2 cups baby spinach; 2 tablespoons toasted chopped walnuts | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat the oil in a large saucepan over medium-high heat. Add the garlic and leeks and cook, stirring occasionally, until softened, about 5 minutes. Add the broth, squash, quinoa and raisins and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat and simmer, covered, until the liquid is absorbed and the squash and quinoa are tender, 15 to 20 minutes. Gently stir in the spinach and cook until it just begins to wilt, 2 to 3 minutes. Remove from the heat. Sprinkle with the walnuts. <END>
INPUT: Indian, raita, mangoes, plum tomatoes, onion, jalapeno chili, nonfat plain yogurt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mango Tomato Raita | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 2 ripe mangoes (about 12 ounces each); 3 ripe plum tomatoes, seeded and cut into 1/4-inch dice; 1/4 cup finely chopped red onion; 1 teaspoon finely chopped jalapeno chili (seeds and ribs removed); 2 cups nonfat plain yogurt; 1/2 teaspoon sweet garam masala (store-bought or homemade); Salt, to taste; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: Peel the mangoes and cut the flesh off the pit, cut flesh into 1/4-inch dice. Place in a bowl with the tomatoes, onion and jalapeno and gently mix. In a separate bowl, mix the yogurt and garam masala. Fold the yogurt into the fruit, season with the salt, and gently fold in the cilantro. Cover and refrigerate at least 1 hour, but no longer than 2. Stir well before serving. <END>
INPUT: Italian, amatriciana, virgin olive oil, pancetta, pepper flakes, Salt, pasta
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pasta Amatriciana | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: Extra-virgin olive oil, to coat pan; 2 ounces diced pancetta (thick-cut regular bacon will work as well); 1 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes; Salt; 5 ounces pasta (bucatini, linguini or tagliatelle work well); 1 ounce diced red onion; 5 ounces red sauce (see Cook's Note, below); 2 tablespoons grated Parmigiano and pecorino cheeses, plus more for serving | INSTRUCTIONS: Make sure to have a pot of boiling salted water for pasta going before starting this dish. You will not cook the pasta all the way as you will finish it in the pan with the sauce. Drop the pasta into the boiling water to start the cooking process. Meanwhile, in a saute pan heat some oil over high heat and add the pancetta. Saute until the pancetta is rendered (most of the fat melts away), and then turn the heat down to medium. Pancetta should look like crispy bacon. Add the onions and stir constantly making sure the onions do not burn. Once the onions are soft and cooked through, add the red s <END>
INPUT: gingersnap, gravy, thyme, salt, pepper, cayenne pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Thyme-Roasted Turkey with Gingersnap Gravy | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup (1 stick) butter, room temperature; 1/4 cup chopped fresh thyme; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/2 teaspoon ground black pepper; 1/4 teaspoon cayenne pepper; 1 15- to 16-pound turkey; neck, gizzard, and heart reserved; 6 fresh thyme sprigs (optional); 2 1/2 to 3 cups very coarsely chopped onions; 5 cups (about) canned low-salt chicken broth; 3 tablespoons butter; 5 large shallots, chopped; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh thyme; 3/4 teaspoon ground ginger; 1/8 teaspoon cayenne pepper; 4 1/2 cups canned low-salt chicken broth | INSTRUCTIONS: For thyme butter: Mix first 5 ingredients in small bowl to blend. (Thyme butter can be made 3 days ahead. Cover and chill. Bring to room temperature before using.) Mix first 5 ingredients in small bowl to blend. (Thyme butter can be made 3 days ahead. Cover and chill. Bring to room temperature before using.) For turkey: Set rack in bottom third of oven and preheat to 350°F. Rinse turkey inside and out; pat dry with paper towels. Discard any pieces of fat from cavities. Sprinkle main cavity of turkey with salt and pepper. Starting at neck end, carefully slide hand between skin and breast meat t <END>
INPUT: marbled, cake, chocolate wafer crumbs, espresso powder, unsalted butter, pt premium coffee, pt premium coconut
OUTPUT: TITLE: Coconut Coffee Marbled Ice Cream Cake | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 cup chocolate wafer crumbs (from about 15 cookies such as Nabisco Famous Chocolate Wafers); 1 teaspoon instant-espresso powder; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted; 1 pt premium coffee ice cream, softened slightly; 1 pt premium coconut sorbet, softened slightly; 3 tablespoons heavy cream; 1 tablespoon light corn syrup; 1 tablespoon packed dark brown sugar; 1 teaspoon unsweetened Dutch-process cocoa powder; 1/8 teaspoon salt; 2 oz fine-quality bittersweet chocolate (not unsweetened), finely chopped; 1 tablespoon unsalted butter; 1 teaspoon vanilla; Special equipment: a 1 1/2-qt rectangular mold such as a 12- by 3 1/4- by 2 3/4-inch pté mold; parchment paper; an offset metal spatula | INSTRUCTIONS: Make crust: Put oven rack in middle position and preheat oven to 375°F. Line mold with a double layer of parchment paper, allowinga few inches of overhang along each side. Stir together crumbs, espresso powder, and butter and press over bottom of mold. Bake until crisp, about 10 minutes, then cool completely in mold on a rack, about 20 minutes. Put oven rack in middle position and preheat oven to 375°F. Line mold with a double layer of parchment paper, allowinga few inches of overhang along each side. Stir together crumbs, espresso powder, and butter and press over bottom of mold. Bake until c <END>
INPUT: vinaigrette, pine nuts, olive oil, balsamic vinegar wine, lemon juice, shallots
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pine Nut Vinaigrette | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup pine nuts; 2/3 cup olive oil; 1/4 cup balsamic vinegar or 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar; 1/4 cup fresh lemon juice; 3 tablespoons minced shallots (about 2); 1/2 teaspoon grated orange peel; Salt and pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350°F. Place pine nuts on small cookie sheet. Toast until golden brown, stirring occasionally, about 12 minutes. Cool completely. Combine oil, vinegar, lemon juice, shallot and orange peel in bowl. Season with salt and pepper. Stir in pine nuts. Transfer to cruet and seal. (Can be prepared up to 4 days ahead; refrigerate.) Serve at room temperature. Preheat oven to 350°F. Place pine nuts on small cookie sheet. Toast until golden brown, stirring occasionally, about 12 minutes. Cool completely. Combine oil, vinegar, lemon juice, shallot and orange peel in bowl. Season with salt a <END>
INPUT: biscuits, baking mix, butter, milk, Cheddar, leftover Sawmill Gravy
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cheddar Biscuits and Gravy | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 1/3 cups baking mix, store-bought; 3 tablespoons melted butter; 3/4 cup milk; 1/2 cup grated Cheddar; 1 cup leftover Sawmill Gravy, from Chicken Fried Steak recipe; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh parsley leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. In a large mixing bowl, stir together the baking mix, melted butter and milk until just combined, then fold in the cheese. Drop the batter into 4 even mounds on a nonstick or parchment paper lined baking sheet. Bake until golden brown, about 10 to 12 minutes. In the meantime, warm the Sawmill Gravy in a small saucepan on the stove. To serve, split the biscuits in half and dress them with some gravy. Sprinkle with fresh parsley and serve hot. <END>
INPUT: pudding, unsalted butter, loaf French bread, sugar, water, cinnamon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Bread Pudding | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 8 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1/2 loaf French bread or baguette, with crust, cut into small cubes; 1 pound brown sugar; 1 1/2 cups water; 1 1/2 teaspoons ground cinnamon; 2 large Granny Smith apples, peeled, cored and chopped; 1 cup walnuts; 1/2 pound cream cheese, chilled and chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees. Butter a 13x9-inch glass casserole or lasagna pan. Melt the butter in a medium saucepan, add the bread cubes and stir to coat evenly. Spread the cubes on a baking sheet and bake 15 minutes or until lightly brown and crisp. Remove the bread and turn the oven temperature up to 440 degrees. Combine the sugar and water in a saucepan and bring to a boil. Remove from the heat. Stir in the cinnamon and set aside. In a large mixing bowl, combine the chopped apples, walnuts, cream cheese and toasted bread cubes. Drizzle with the reserved sugar syrup and mix to evenly di <END>
INPUT: Mexican, lamb, kebob, onion, wine vinegar, honey, olive oil, cilantro
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Lamb Kebob Sandwich with Pickled Red Onions and Cilantro Mint Sauce | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 large onion, finely sliced; 1/4 cup red wine vinegar; 1 tablespoon honey; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1 tablespoon finely chopped cilantro; Salt and pepper; Cilantro-Mint Yogurt Sauce:; 1 tablespoon coarsely chopped fresh ginger; 1 clove garlic; 1 tablespoon jalapeno chile, seeded and chopped; 4 green onions, coarsely chopped; 1/4 cup cilantro; 1/4 cup fresh mint; 1 tablespoon fresh lime juice; Pinch of cumin | INSTRUCTIONS: Pickled Red Onions: Place all ingredients in a small bowl and season with salt and pepper to taste. Let sit at room temperature for 1 hour.; Cilantro-Mint Yogurt Sauce: Place ginger, garlic and chile in a food processor and process until smooth. Add the onions, cilantro, mint, lime juice and cumin and process until coarsely chopped. Add the yogurt and process until smooth. Season with salt and pepper. Lamb Kebobs: Preheat grill. Heat olive oil in a medium skillet on the grill or sideburner. Add the onions and garlic and cook until soft. Add the spices and continue to cook for 2 minutes, let co <END>
INPUT: cherry, crisp, all purpose flour, sugar, nutmeg, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pear and Dried-Cherry Crisp with Nutmeg-Walnut Streusel | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/4 cups all purpose flour; 3/4 cup sugar; 1 1/2 teaspoons ground nutmeg; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 3/4 cup (1 1/2 sticks) unsalted butter, cut into 12 pieces, room temperature; 1 1/2 cups coarsely chopped walnuts; 1/2 cup sugar; 1/4 cup (1/2 stick) unsalted butter, room temperature; 1/4 cup orange juice; 2 teaspoons finely grated orange peel; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 1 1/2 cups dried tart cherries (9 ounces); 4 1/2 pounds ripe Bosc pears, peeled, cored, cut into 1-inch cubes (about 8 cups); Lightly sweetened whipped cream or vanilla ice cream | INSTRUCTIONS: For streusel: Whisk first 4 ingredients in medium bowl. Add butter; rub in with fingertips until mixture begins to clump together. Mix in walnuts. DO AHEAD Can be made 1 day ahead. Cover; chill. Whisk first 4 ingredients in medium bowl. Add butter; rub in with fingertips until mixture begins to clump together. Mix in walnuts. DO AHEAD Can be made 1 day ahead. Cover; chill. For filling: Place first 6 ingredients in medium skillet. Stir over medium-high heat until sugar dissolves and mixture comes to boil. Add cherries; reduce heat to medium and simmer until cherries begin to soften and liquid i <END>
INPUT: Italian, risotto, butter, olive oil, shallots, garlic, arborio rice
OUTPUT: TITLE: White Truffle and Chervil Risotto with a Fondue of Gulf Shrimp | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon butter; 1 tablespoon olive oil; 1 tablespoon shallots, chopped; 1 teaspoon garlic, chopped; 1 1/2 cups arborio rice; 1 bunch fresh thyme, tied in a bundle; 1/4 cup white wine; 4 cups chicken stock; 2/3 cup white truffle butter; 3 tablespoons butter; 1/4 cup coarsely chopped chervil; Gulf Shrimp Fondue, recipe follows; 3 grams white truffles, shaved; 2 tablespoons olive oil, plus 2 tablespoons olive oil; 3 cups shrimp heads | INSTRUCTIONS: Melt butter and olive oil in a saucepan, add shallots and garlic and cook over medium-low heat until translucent. Add arborio rice and stir to coat with the butter. Add thyme bundle and white wine and allow liquid to boil. Warm chicken stock in a separate pot and add to rice 1 cup at a time, allowing the liquid to be absorbed slowly, until the rice has reached a tender yet toothsome point. Remove the thyme bundle and stir in the truffle butter, regular butter, and the chopped chervil. Serve with Gulf Shrimp Fondue. Garnish with shaved white truffles. In a saucepan, heat 2 tablespoons olive oil <END>
INPUT: Mexican, guacamole, poblano chilies, jalapeño chili, lime juice, plum tomato, onions
OUTPUT: TITLE: Guacamole with Lime and Roasted Chilies | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 3 poblano chilies* (about 12 ounces); 1 large jalapeño chili; 8 tablespoons fresh lime juice; 1 large plum tomato, seeded, chopped; 2 small green onions, finely chopped; 1 teaspoon grated lime peel; 2 large ripe avocados, peeled, pitted; 2/3 cup finely chopped onion; 1/2 cup (packed) coarsely chopped fresh cilantro; 1/4 teaspoon ground cumin | INSTRUCTIONS: Char chilies directly over gas flame or under broiler until blackened on all sides. Enclose in paper bag at least 10 minutes and up to 1 hour. Peel, seed, and finely chop chilies. Mix chilies, 1 tablespoon lime juice, tomato, green onions, and lime peel in small bowl. Season with salt. Puree next 4 ingredients and 7 tablespoons lime juice in processor until almost smooth. Season with salt. (Chili mixture and guacamole can be made 1 day ahead. Cover separately and refrigerate.) Spoon avocado puree into wide shallow bowl. Spoon chili mixture into center. Char chilies directly over gas flame or u <END>
INPUT: beer, battered, mayonnaise, chives, lemon juice, grain Dijon mustard, thyme
OUTPUT: TITLE: Beer-Battered Cremini Mushrooms | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 cup mayonnaise; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh chives; 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice (from 1/2 large lemon); 1 tablespoon whole grain Dijon mustard, such as Maille; 2 teaspoons minced fresh thyme; 1/8 teaspoon cayenne pepper; 1/4 teaspoon kosher salt; 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 1 clove garlic, minced; Zest of 1 large lemon; 1 1/2 cups self-rising flour; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh chives; 2 teaspoons chopped fresh thyme; 1/4 teaspoon kosher salt; 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. For the sauce: In a small bowl, whisk the mayonnaise, chives, lemon juice, mustard, thyme, cayenne, salt, pepper, garlic and lemon zest together to blend. (Sauce can be prepared 1 day ahead. Cover and refrigerate.) For the mushrooms: In a medium bowl, whisk together the flour, chives, thyme, salt and pepper. Pour the chilled beer into the flour mixture and whisk until the batter is smooth. Pour the oil into a heavy large wide saucepan. Attach a deep-fry thermometer to the side of the saucepan. Heat the oil over medium-high heat until the temperature registers bet <END>
INPUT: Mexican, pureed, crostini, olive oil, artichoke hearts, baby spinach, garlic, lemon juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pureed Artichoke Crostini with Lime Salt | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon olive oil; 12 ounces frozen artichoke hearts, thawed and patted dry; 2 cups baby spinach; 3 cloves garlic, 2 chopped, 1 left whole; 2 tablespoons plus 1 teaspoon freshly squeezed lemon juice; 1/4 cup grated Parmigiano-Reggiano; 3 tablespoons crumbled feta cheese; 2 tablespoons fresh flat-leaf parsley leaves; 1/4 teaspoon kosher salt; Freshly ground black pepper; 2 tablespoons sea salt flakes; 1 lime, zested; 1 baguette, sliced into 16 rounds and toasted; 4 radishes, very thinly sliced, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Heat the oil in a medium saute pan over medium heat. Add the artichokes, spinach, chopped garlic and 1 teaspoon of the lemon juice and saute until the spinach begins to wilt and the garlic becomes fragrant, 5 to 7 minutes. Remove from the heat and transfer to a food processor. Add the Parmigiano-Reggiano, feta, parsley and the remaining 2 tablespoons lemon juice and pulse until smooth. Add the kosher salt and season to taste with pepper. In a small bowl, combine the sea salt flakes and lime zest with your fingers. Set aside. Rub the remaining whole garlic clove o <END>
INPUT: American, blackberry, Easy Pie Crust, peaches, blackberries, lemon juice, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Peach Blackberry Pie | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: Easy Pie Crust for a 9-inch double-crust pie; 5 cups peeled and sliced ripe peaches; 1/4 cup fresh blackberries; 3 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; Pinch of salt; 2 tablespoons ground crystallized ginger (a food processor or spice grinder may be used to grind the ginger); 5 tablespoons all-purpose flour; 1/4 cup packed light-brown sugar; 1 egg white; 2 teaspoons water; 2 tablespoons granulated sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. Prepare the pie dough as directed through Step 4, rolling out the bottom crust to fit a 9-inch pie plate. Roll out the top crust and place it on a plate. Wrap both crusts and chill until ready to use. 2. Combine the peaches, blackberries, lemon juice and salt; set aside. Combine the ginger, flour and brown sugar; toss with the fruits. Let rest for 1 hour. Preheat the oven to 350°F. 3. Combine the egg white and water in a small bowl. Remove the pie crusts from the refrigerator. Brush some of the egg-white mixture over the bottom and sides of the bottom pie crust to prevent sogginess. Add the <END>
INPUT: sage, unsalted butter, Juice lemon, salt, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Broiled Rainbow Trout with Pine Nuts, Butter Stuffing and Sage Butter | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons chopped fresh sage; 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened to room temperature; Juice of 1 lemon (about 2 tablespoons); 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 1/2 teaspoon paprika; 3 scallions, finely chopped; 1/2 cup dry breadcrumbs; 1/4 cup pine nuts; 2 fresh jalapeno peppers, seeded and diced; 1 clove garlic, finely chopped; 1 tablespoon chili powder; Salt and freshly ground black pepper to taste; 2 tablespoons vegetable oil; 4 butterflied rainbow trout, whole, skin on, bones removed (ask your fish dealer to do this for you) | INSTRUCTIONS: Well in advance of cooking the fish, prepare the Sage Butter by placing all the ingredients in the bowl of a food processor fitted with a metal blade. Pulse to combine well. Using a rubber spatula, heap the mixture onto a sheet of waxed paper and roll to form a sausage shape. Twist the ends to enclose the butter. Set on a plate and refrigerate at least 1 hour to harden enough so that it can be sliced. When the butter is firm enough to slice, remove the paper wrapping and cut it into 1/4-inch rounds, which will be used at the final moment of cooking to season the fish. Keep refrigerated until r <END>
INPUT: American, cobbler, peaches, all purpose flour, sugar, baking powder, kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Peach Cobbler | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 4 cups sliced peeled fresh peaches (4 to 5 peaches); 1 cup all-purpose flour; 1 cup sugar; 1 teaspoon baking powder; 1 teaspoon kosher salt; 1/2 cup milk; 4 tablespoons (1/2 stick) unsalted butter, melted; 1 tablespoon cornstarch; 1/2 cup boiling water; Serving suggestions: vanilla ice cream or whipped cream, optional | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Place the peaches in a 9-by-9-inch baking pan. In a medium bowl, mix together the flour, 3/4 cup of the sugar, the baking powder and 1/2 teaspoon of the salt. Add the milk and melted butter and mix well. Pour the batter evenly over the peaches. In a small bowl, mix together the remaining 1/4 cup sugar, the cornstarch and remaining 1/2 teaspoon salt. Sprinkle the mixture over the batter. Evenly pour the boiling water all over. Bake until golden brown and bubbling, 50 minutes. Serve in individual dessert dishes with vanilla ice cream or whipped cream, if desire <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, salad, wine vinegar, Dijon mustard, canola oil, cauliflower, Kalamata olives
OUTPUT: TITLE: Marinated Cauliflower, Olive, and Arugula Salad | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup plus 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar; 6 tablespoons Dijon mustard; 1 cup canola oil; 1 large head of cauliflower, cut into 1-inch florets (about 6 cups); 2 cups Kalamata olives, pitted, halved; 1 1/2 cups chopped celery; 1 bunch green onions, chopped; 1/4 cup chopped fresh Italian parsley; 16 cups arugula (about 10 ounces) | INSTRUCTIONS: Whisk vinegar and mustard in small bowl; gradually whisk in oil. Season dressing generously with salt and pepper. Combine cauliflower, olives, and celery in large bowl. Add 3/4 cup dressing; toss to coat. Cover salad and remaining dressing separately; chill overnight. Mix green onions and parsley into salad. Arrange arugula on platter; drizzle with remaining dressing. Top arugula with cauliflower mixture. Sprinkle with pepper. Whisk vinegar and mustard in small bowl; gradually whisk in oil. Season dressing generously with salt and pepper. Combine cauliflower, olives, and celery in large bowl.  <END>
INPUT: onions, onion, vinegar, agave nectar, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pickled Red Onions | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 large red onion (3/4 pound); 3 tablespoons vinegar (cider, red or white wine, or balsamic); 1-2 teaspoons agave nectar, light-colored honey, or sugar; 1/4 teaspoon salt | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. Put on a kettle of water to boil. Cut the onion into very thin slices or a mince and place it in a colander in the sink. 2. In a bowl large enough to comfortably fit all the onion, combine the vinegar, sweetener, and salt and whisk until blended. 3. Pour the boiling water over the onion and shake to drain. (It's fine if a little water still clings.) 4. Add the onion to the vinegar solution and stir to coat. Let it sit for at least an hour or up to several days, covered and refrigerated, occasionally stirring and/or shaking to allow maximum exposure to the liquid. Store in a jar with a tight <END>
INPUT: water, milk, half half, granulated sugar, mint
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fresh Mint Tea | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 quarts water; 1/4 cup milk; 1/4 cup half and half; 1/3 cup granulated sugar; 1 bunch fresh mint | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring water to a boil, then reduce to a simmer. Add milk, half and half and sugar and simmer for 15 minutes. Add mint and simmer an additional 30 minutes. Strain and serve hot, or chill on a bowl of ice and serve cold. <END>
INPUT: gelato, heavy cream, milk, sugar, cornstarch, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pomegranate Gelato | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cups heavy cream; 1/2 cup whole milk; 3/4 cup sugar; 1 1/2 tablespoons cornstarch; 1/8 teaspoon salt; 1 1/4 cups bottled pomegranate juice; 1/3 cup pomegranate liqueur such as PAMA; 1 teaspoon fresh lemon juice; Special equipment: an ice cream maker; Garnish: pomegranate seeds | INSTRUCTIONS: Whisk together cream, milk, sugar, cornstarch, and salt in a 2 1/2- to 3-quart heavy saucepan. Bring to a boil over moderate heat, whisking occasionally, then boil, whisking, 2 minutes. Remove from heat and whisk in remaining ingredients. Transfer to a bowl and chill, uncovered, until cold, at least 1 hour. Freeze in ice cream maker, then transfer to an airtight container and put in freezer to harden, at least 2 hours. Soften gelato slightly in refrigerator, about 20 minutes, before serving. Whisk together cream, milk, sugar, cornstarch, and salt in a 2 1/2- to 3-quart heavy saucepan. Bring to <END>
INPUT: American, chowder, toasts, bacon, unsalted butter, onion, garlic, celery seed
OUTPUT: TITLE: Broccoli Chowder with Cheddar Toasts | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 strips bacon, thinly sliced; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1/2 yellow onion, chopped (about 1 cup); 2 cloves garlic, smashed; 1/2 teaspoon celery seed; 2 tablespoons all-purpose flour; 2 cups low-sodium chicken broth; 2 cups milk; 4 small red-skinned potatoes (about 6 ounces), quartered; 1/2 head broccoli (about 10 ounces), broken into florets, stem peeled and sliced; Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper; 1 tablespoon dijon mustard; 1 baguette, sliced into 8 1/4-inch-thick pieces; 4 ounces cheddar cheese, cut into 8 thin slices | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook the bacon in the butter in a medium saucepan over low heat until it renders slightly, about 2 minutes. Add the onion, garlic and celery seed and cook until soft, about 4 minutes. Scatter the flour over the mixture and stir to coat. Gradually add the broth and the milk, whisking until smooth. Add the potatoes and sliced broccoli stem; increase the heat to medium and simmer, covered, until slightly softened, about 5 minutes. Add the broccoli florets and season with 1/2 teaspoon salt. Continue cooking, uncovered, at a rapid simmer until the vegetables are tender, about 5 minutes; season with <END>
INPUT: buttered, baby new potatoes, chives
OUTPUT: TITLE: Buttered New Potatoes with Chives | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 pounds baby new potatoes; 1/4 cup (1/2 stick) butter; 3 tablespoons chopped fresh chives | INSTRUCTIONS: Using vegetable peeler, remove strip of peel in thin band around center of each potato. Place potatoes in large saucepan; cover with cold water. Sprinkle generously with salt and bring to boil. Reduce heat to medium and cook just until potatoes are tender, about 12 minutes. Drain well. Return potatoes to saucepan. Add butter to pan; stir over medium heat until butter melts and coats potatoes. Sprinkle with chives, salt, and pepper. Transfer potatoes to bowl and serve. Using vegetable peeler, remove strip of peel in thin band around center of each potato. Place potatoes in large saucepan; cover <END>
INPUT: American, tart, confectioners' sugar, egg, flour, almond flour
OUTPUT: TITLE: Triple Creme Tart | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup (1 stick) unsalted butter, softened; 1/3 cup confectioners' sugar; 1 egg, lightly beaten; 1 1/2 cups flour; 1/2 cup plus 2 tablespoons almond flour; 1/4 cup coarsely chopped toasted hazelnuts; Pinch salt; Triple creme filling, recipe follows; 1 cup milk; 1 cup plus 5 tablespoons sugar; 4 eggs, separated; 1/2-ounce or 2 tablespoons cornstarch; 10 ounces triple creme cheese, rind removed and cut into pieces (recommended: St. Andre or Explorator); 1/4 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg; 1 tablespoon light corn syrup | INSTRUCTIONS: In the bowl of an electric mixer with the paddle attachment, beat the butter and confectioners' sugar until soft, about 2 minutes. Beat in the egg. In a medium bowl, whisk together the flour, almond flour, hazelnuts, and salt. Add the flour mixture to the butter mixture in two batches, scraping down the sides of the bowl in between additions. Mix until the dough is well combined. Scrape the dough onto a piece of plastic wrap and form it into a disk. Chill for at least 1 hour, until firm. Preheat oven to 325 degrees F. Roll out the dough into a 12-inch round and fit into a 10-inch tart pan with <END>
INPUT: mixed, pudding, water, currant syrup Ribena, blackberries, raspberries, strawberry jelly
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mixed Berry Spoon Pudding | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup water; 1/4 cup black-currant syrup such as Ribena; 2 cups blackberries (8 ounces); 2 cups raspberries (8 ounces); 1 1/2 cups strawberry jelly; 1/4 cup sugar; 1/2 teaspoon vanilla; 2 1/2 tablespoons arrowroot, dissolved in 2 tablespoons cold water; 2 cups strawberries (8 ounces), hulled, then quartered if large; Accompaniment:vanilla custard sauce | INSTRUCTIONS: Stir together water, syrup, 1 1/4 cups blackberries, 1 cup raspberries, jelly, sugar, and vanilla in a 3-quart saucepan. Simmer, stirring occasionally, until berries are softened, 6 to 8 minutes. Force mixture through a fine sieve into another saucepan. Discard seeds. Bring berry sauce to a simmer and vigorously whisk in arrowroot mixture. Simmer, whisking constantly, until thick and glossy, about 2 minutes (do not boil). Remove from heat and stir in strawberries and remaining blackberries and raspberries. Transfer pudding to a serving bowl and cover surface with a piece of wax paper to preven <END>
INPUT: Mexican, charred, salsa, plum tomatoes, chipotle chiles adobo, lime juice, honey, mango
OUTPUT: TITLE: Charred Tomato, Chipotle, and Mango Salsa | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2/3 pound plum tomatoes (about 3 medium); 1 to 2 canned chipotle chiles in adobo; 1/4 cup fresh lime juice; 1 tablespoon honey, or to taste; 1 ripe mango | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat broiler. Quarter tomatoes and transfer to a shallow baking pan. Broil tomatoes 4 to 5 inches from heat until slightly charred, about 15 minutes. Wearing rubber gloves, seed chipotles. In a blender or food processor puree tomatoes, chipotles, lime juice, and honey until smooth. Peel mango and finely chop. In a bowl stir together tomato mixture and mango and season with salt. Salsa may be made 1 day ahead and chilled, covered. Preheat broiler. Quarter tomatoes and transfer to a shallow baking pan. Broil tomatoes 4 to 5 inches from heat until slightly charred, about 15 minutes. Wearing ru <END>
INPUT: bread, onions, salt, all purpose flour, cornmeal
OUTPUT: TITLE: Poppy-Seed Onion Cheddar Bread | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 medium onions; 1/2 stick (1/4 cup) unsalted butter; 1 1/2 teaspoons salt; 2 cups all-purpose flour; 1 cup yellow cornmeal; 1 tablespoon dry mustard; 1 tablespoon baking powder; 3 tablespoons poppy seeds; 3 1/2 cups grated sharp Cheddar (about 14 ounces); 3 large eggs; 1 1/2 cups milk | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350°F. Grease and flour a 9- by 5- by 3-inch loaf pan, knocking out excess flour. Chop onions and in a large skillet cook in butter with 1/2 teaspoon salt over moderate heat, stirring occasionally, until softened and pale golden, about 15 minutes. Cool onions. Into a bowl sift together flour, cornmeal, mustard, baking powder, and remaining teaspoon salt. Stir in poppy seeds and Cheddar. In a small bowl lightly beat eggs and stir in milk. Add milk mixture and onion mixture to flour mixture, stirring until just combined. Pour batter into loaf pan. Bake bread 1 1/4 hours, or until <END>
INPUT: Italian, salad, sweet Italian sausage, olive oil, onion, oregano, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Italian Sausage Penne Pasta with Tomatoes and Peas and Sweet Corn Salad | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 2 pounds sweet Italian sausage, roughly chopped; 3/4 cups olive oil, divided; 1 1/2 cups onion, diced and divided; 1 tablespoon dried oregano, crushed; 2 tablespoons garlic, chopped; 6 cups plus 6 whole tomatoes, chopped; 1/4 cup parsley, chopped; 1 cup basil, julienned and divided; 2 cups frozen peas; 2 pounds penne pasta; 3 ears corn, blanched; Salt and pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: In a saucepan cook the sausage until almost finished and remove from the saucepan. To the saucepan add 1/4 cup of olive oil and heat. Then add 1 cup of onions, oregano and garlic and saute for 2 minutes. Then add 6 cups of tomatoes, parsley and 1/4 cup of basil. Simmer for 5 minutes than add back to the sausage and simmer for 10 minutes then add the peas. Cook the pasta in a large pot of boiling salted water until al dente. Toss pasta with the sausage, add 1/2 cup of basil and season with salt and pepper. Cut the kernels off the ears of corn and in a large bowl mix the corn with, remaining oni <END>
INPUT: slices, water, sugar, blood orange
OUTPUT: TITLE: Candied Blood Orange Slices | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup water; 1 cup sugar; 1 blood orange | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring water and sugar to boil in a heavy large skillet, stirring until the sugar dissolves. Thinly slice blood orange (you can substitute a regular orange); add to skillet, arranging in a single layer. Reduce the heat to medium-low and barely simmer until the white pith of the orange becomes translucent, turning the slices occasionally, about 40 minutes. Allow the orange slices to cool in the syrup, turning occasionally. Arrange the slices atop the tart and drizzle with some of the syrup just before serving. Bring water and sugar to boil in a heavy large skillet, stirring until the sugar disso <END>
INPUT: Mexican, vegetable, paella, chicken stock, crumbled saffron threads, wine, olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Vegetable Paella with Chorizo and Rabbit | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 6 cups chicken stock; 1/4 teaspoon crumbled saffron threads; 1/2 cup dry white wine; 1/3 cup olive oil; 1 (2-pound) rabbit, cut into 2-inch pieces (on the bone); 1/4 pound sweet chorizo, cut into 1/4-inch slices; 1 zucchini, cut into 1/2-inch cubes; 6 scallions, sliced into 1/2-inch pieces; 8 mushrooms, quartered; 1/2 cup frozen lima beans; 1/2 cup frozen organic peas; 1 red bell pepper, seeded and diced; 1 green bell pepper, seeded and diced; 1 carrot, peeled and diced; Salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine the stock, saffron, and wine in a saucepan, and bring to a boil while cooking the meat and vegetables. Heat the olive oil in a wide paella pan set over two burners. Add the rabbit pieces and cook until lightly browned all over, about 10 minutes. Transfer rabbit to a plate and keep warm. Add chorizo to pan and cook about 3 minutes. Add all of the vegetables, except the tomatoes and garlic, and saute until vegetables are just tender, about 5 minutes. Season with salt. Stir in the tomatoes, garlic, and paprika, and saute 1 minute to release the aromas. Add the rice, toss to coat it with t <END>
INPUT: Italian, roma tomatoes, light balsamic vinaigrette, Parmesan cheese, basil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Balsamic Roasted Tomatoes | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 4 medium roma tomatoes, halved crosswire; 2 tablespoons light balsamic vinaigrette, Newman's Own®; 1 tablespoon grated Parmesan cheese, DiGiorno®; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh basil | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. Line a rimmed baking pan with aluminum foil. Place tomato halves, cut sides up, on baking sheet. Sprinkle with balsamic vinaigrette, Parmesan and basil. Excerpted from the book, Sandra Lee Semi-Homemade Cocktail Time, by Sandra Lee Copyright ©2009 SLSH Enterprises, Inc. <END>
INPUT: American, meatloaf, gorgonzola, russet potatoes, Salt, veal, egg, bread crumbs
OUTPUT: TITLE: Veal and Sage Meatloaf with Gorgonzola Gravy and Smashed Potatoes with Prosciutto and Cheese | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 3 large russet potatoes, 2 1/4 to 2 1/2 pounds, peeled and chopped; Salt; 1 1/2 pounds ground veal; 1 large egg; 1/2 cup bread crumbs, a couple of handfuls; 1 cup grated Parmigiano-Reggiano; 4 to 6 sprigs fresh sage, thinly sliced; Black pepper; 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 10 to 12 cremini (baby portobello mushrooms), quartered; 1 clove garlic, crushed; 1 cup chicken stock; 3 tablespoons butter; 2 tablespoons all-purpose flour; 3 cups milk | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. Place potatoes in a pot, cover them with water, then bring water up to a boil; salt it and cook potatoes until fork-tender, 10 to 12 minutes or so. While the potatoes are working, combine veal with egg, bread crumbs, 1/2 cup cheese, sage, salt, and black pepper. Form 4 (1-inch thick) oval shaped meat loaves. Heat a large nonstick skillet over medium-high heat with 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, 2 turns of the pan. Brown meatloaves 2 to 3 minutes on each side then transfer to a nonstick baking sheet and finish in the oven, 6 to 8 minutes. Return skillet to  <END>
INPUT: American, beef steaks, olive oil, coarse kosher sea
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pan-Grilled Steak | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 4 beef steaks, 1 inch thick; 1/2 cup olive oil; 2 tablespoons coarse kosher or sea salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Directions Marinate the steaks in olive oil for at least 30 minutes. Drain off the oil — leaving a light film of oil on the steaks — and salt the steaks on both sides. Heat a well-seasoned cast-iron skillet over a high setting. When hot add the steaks and char on one side. Turn the heat down to medium and continue cooking for about 3 minutes for medium rare. Turn the steaks with tongs and turn up the heat to high. Be careful not to cut into the steaks while turning so that you don't lose any of the juices. Sear the second side of the steaks, then turn the heat to medium and cook for another 3  <END>
INPUT: confit, kosher salt, peppercorns, turkey legs, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Turkey Leg Confit with Shallots and Thyme | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup kosher salt; 1 tablespoon cracked black peppercorns; 4 fresh turkey legs; 8 cups (64 ounces) rendered duck fat; 8 cloves garlic, smashed; 4 medium shallots, minced; 8 sprigs fresh thyme; 3 whole cloves; 2 sprigs fresh rosemary; 2 star anise; 1 teaspoon fennel seeds; 1 cinnamon stick; 1 lemon, strips of peel only; 1 orange, strips of peel only | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. In a large mixing bowl, combine the salt and pepper. Place the turkey legs in a large re-sealable bag and add the salt mixture. Shake around to coat the legs evenly and then seal bag and place in fridge overnight. Preheat the oven to 300 degrees F. In a large Dutch oven over medium heat, add 1/4 cup duck fat. Remove the turkey legs from the bag and brush off excess salt. Add the turkey legs to the pot and brown all over, 3 to 4 minutes per side. Add the garlic and shallots and cook until fragrant, 2 to 3 minutes. Add the thyme, cloves, rosemary, star anise, fenne <END>
INPUT: creamed, Salt pepper, Lemon juice, salted fatback, butter, Vidalia onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fried Creamed Corn | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Salt and freshly ground black pepper; Lemon juice; 1/4 cup finely chopped salted fatback; 1 tablespoon butter; 1/4 cup finely chopped Vidalia onion; 1 cup grated white corn, with all pulp scraped from the cob; 1/4 cup heavy cream; 1 teaspoon sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: Place the cold fatback into a saute pan and begin to heat over medium-low heat. Allow the fat to melt and render as slowly as possible to insure that the pieces are completely rendered but remain very light golden brown. Add the butter to the pan, then the onions and allow the onions to sweat until very soft. Mix together the corn with the heavy cream and sugar, and add to the pan of fat and onions. Increase the heat to high and stir vigorously to emulsify the mixture. Once the mixture has reached a boil, turn off the heat and continue to stir for 30 seconds. Season with salt, black pepper and <END>
INPUT: Yukon potatoes, olive oil, thyme, Coarse salt pepper, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cracked Potatoes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 12 small-medium Yukon potatoes; 1/2 cup olive oil; 2 sprigs fresh thyme, plus 1/2 tablespoon chopped fresh thyme leaves; Coarse salt and freshly cracked black pepper; 1 clove garlic, sliced | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: a rolling pin or heavy pan Using the rolling pin or a heavy pan, gently smack the potatoes, 1 potato at a time, until the skin begins to split, exposing the interior of the raw potato. Over low heat, add the olive oil to a medium-sized heavy-bottomed saucepan, then add the potatoes and thyme sprigs and season generously with salt and pepper. Place the lid on the pan and allow to cook, undisturbed, shaking the pan every 5 minutes or so, until the bottoms of the potatoes are browned, about 10 to 12 minutes. (Check occasionally to make sure the potatoes aren't browning too quic <END>
INPUT: American, strawberry, tarts, puff pastry dough, figs, eggs, sugar, goat cheese
OUTPUT: TITLE: Strawberry, Fig, and Goat Cheese Tarts | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 to 3 sheets puff pastry dough; 40 whole fresh figs; 2 large eggs; 2 tablespoons sugar; 1 cup goat cheese; 1 cup fresh strawberries; 1 vanilla bean; 1 tablespoon balsamic vinegar; 1 pinch ground clove; 1 cup micro greens | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Using a small ring mold just a little bit larger than the size of the figs, cut the pastry into 40 individual portions. Line up the puff pastry pieces on a baking sheet. Slice off the base end of the figs. Arrange a fig base in the center of each puff pastry round and reserve the remaining fig tops. In a small bowl, beat the eggs with a fork to make an egg wash. Brush the pastry with the egg wash and sprinkle with 1 tablespoon of the sugar. Bake until the puff pastry is crisp and golden brown, approximately 10 to 12 minutes. Rem <END>
INPUT: Italian, flatbread, water, yeast, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Basil Flatbread with Roasted Tomatoes and Basil Oil | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1/3 cup warm water (105°F to 115°F); 1 teaspoon dry yeast; Pinch of sugar; 2/3 cup plus 1 1/2 cups (or more) all purpose flour; 2/3 cup water, room temperature; 2 teaspoons olive oil; 1 teaspoon salt; 3 tablespoons thinly sliced fresh basil; Basil Oil; Roasted Tomatoes | INSTRUCTIONS: Pour 1/3 cup warm water into large bowl. Sprinkle yeast and sugar over; let stand until mixture is foamy, about 10 minutes. Mix 2/3 cup flour and 1/3 cup room-temperature water into yeast mixture. Cover and let stand 20 minutes. Stir olive oil and salt into yeast mixture. Mix in 1 1/2 cups flour, 1/2 cup at a time, until slightly sticky dough forms. Add basil. Knead on floured surface until smooth and elastic, adding more flour by tablespoonfuls if dough is too sticky, about 10 minutes. Oil large bowl. Add dough; turn to coat. Cover with plastic. Let rise in warm area until doubled, about 45 m <END>
INPUT: Italian, plain bread crumbs, panko, chives, rosemary leaves, basil leaves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fried Green Tomatoes | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups plain bread crumbs; 1 cup panko (Japanese) bread crumbs; 1 tablespoon finely chopped chives; 1 tablespoon finely chopped rosemary leaves; 1 tablespoon finely chopped basil leaves; 1 tablespoon finely chopped thyme leaves; 1 tablespoon finely chopped parsley leaves; 1 tablespoon granulated garlic; 1/2 cup grated Parmesan; 1/2 cup cornstarch; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 4 farm fresh green tomatoes; 1 cup buttermilk; 4 large eggs, beaten; Prepared bread crumbs | INSTRUCTIONS: For the bread crumbs: Mix all the ingredients together until well blended. For the tomatoes: Slice the tomatoes into 1/4-inch thick slices. Mix together the buttermilk and eggs and season with salt and pepper. Marinate the tomato slices in the buttermilk mixture for one hour. Remove each tomato slice from the marinade 1 at a time. Press both sides gently into the prepared bread crumbs until they are well coated. When all the tomato slices are breaded, heat 1/4-inch oil in a wide skillet over medium-high heat. Cook the tomatoes in batches until they are golden brown. (You can also deep-fry the  <END>
INPUT: cacciatore, virgin olive oil, chicken thighs skin, mild hot Italian, mushrooms, containers grape tomatoes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken and Sausage Cacciatore with Grape Tomatoes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, divided; 4 large chicken thighs with skin and bones (about 1 1/3 pounds); 3/4 pound fresh mild or hot Italian sausages; 3/4 pound large mushrooms, quartered; 2 12-ounce containers grape tomatoes; 1/2 cup dry red wine; 3 large garlic cloves, pressed; 1 1/2 teaspoons chopped fresh rosemary; 1/2 cup coarsely chopped fresh basil | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat 2 tablespoons oil in large nonstick skillet over medium-high heat. Sprinkle chicken with salt and pepper. Add chicken and sausages to skillet. Sauté until brown, 4 to 5 minutes per side. Transfer chicken and sausages to bowl. Add mushrooms to skillet. Sauté until brown, about 4 minutes; add to same bowl. Add remaining 1 tablespoon oil to skillet; add tomatoes, red wine, garlic, and rosemary. Cover, reduce heat to medium, and cook until tomatoes soften, about 5 minutes. Using potato masher, lightly crush half of tomatoes. Return chicken to skillet. Reduce heat to medium-low. Simmer uncover <END>
INPUT: melt, cauliflower, virgin olive oil, mustard powder, smoked paprika, Kosher salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cauliflower Melt | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 head cauliflower; 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 2 teaspoons mustard powder; 2 teaspoons smoked paprika; Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper; 1/4 cup yellow mustard; Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper; 1 tablespoon stone-ground mustard; 1 tablespoon honey; Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper; 4 tablespoons salted butter, at room temperature; 8 slices sourdough bread; 8 ounces butterkase or gruyere cheese, shredded; 2 pears, thinly sliced | INSTRUCTIONS: Roast the cauliflower: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F. Cut off the cauliflower stem, then place the head cut-side down and slice into 1/2-inch-thick steaks. In a small bowl, whisk together the olive oil, mustard powder, paprika and some salt and pepper. Brush the cauliflower steaks with the spiced oil. Place them flat on a baking sheet and roast for 10 minutes. Carefully flip the cauliflower, return to the oven and roast until golden, another 10 to 12 minutes. Meanwhile, make the honey mustard: In a small bowl, mix together the yellow mustard, stone-ground mustard and honey. Season with sal <END>
INPUT: salad, English cucumber, Kosher salt, Greek yogurt, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fresh Cucumber Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 English cucumber, peeled and diced; 1 cup (1/4 whole) honeydew, finely diced; Kosher salt; 2 cups Greek yogurt; 1/4 red onion, thinly sliced; 1 jalapeno, seeded and finely minced | INSTRUCTIONS: Put the cucumbers and honeydew in a fine mesh sieve set over a bowl. Sprinkle with a pinch of salt and allow it to sit for 5 minutes. Press out as much liquid as possible. Toss the cucumber and melon with the yogurt, onion and pepper in a serving bowl. Cover and chill in the refrigerator at least 1 hour or until ready to enjoy. <END>
INPUT: American, pudding, granulated sugar, cinnamon, nutmeg, Granny Smith apples, lemon juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Apple and Vermont Cheddar Bread Pudding | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 cup granulated sugar; 1 1/2 teaspoons cinnamon; 1/2 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg; 3 pound Granny Smith apples; 1 1/2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 1/4 cup water; 1/2 cup packed light brown sugar; 14 slices stale white sandwich bread; 1 stick unsalted butter, softened; 1 cup coarsely grated extra-sharp Vermont Cheddar cheese; 4 large eggs; 2 3/4 cups milk; 1/4 teaspoon salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Butter a 9-cup oval gratin dish. Next in a small bowl, mix together sugar, cinnamon, and nutmeg and set aside. Peel and core the apples and cut into thin slices and toss with lemon. Place apple slices, water and brown sugar into a small saucepot and cook until the apples are tender and the sugar has all dissolved. Slice the bread into triangles and layer into the buttered baking dish. Brush the bread with melted butter and liberally sprinkle the cinnamon/sugar mixture over the bread. Top with 1/2 of the cheddar cheese and 1/2 of the apples. Repeat with second layer <END>
INPUT: onion soup mix, butter, Paprika, loaf egg bread
OUTPUT: TITLE: Stuffed Breast of Veal | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 package onion soup mix; 1/4 cup melted butter; Paprika; 1 (5 to 6 pound) breast of veal, with a deep pocket cut into it; 1 loaf egg bread; 1 large onion, diced and sauteed; 4 eggs beaten; Salt and pepper; 1 packet sugar or artificial sweetener | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F. Mix onion soup mix with melted butter and paprika. Then, rub mix into the inside and outside of the veal breast. Shred egg bread into a colander and run hot water over bread to moisten. Drain well. In large bowl, put drained bread, sauteed onion, eggs, salt, pepper, and sugar. Mix very well. Stuff the bread mixture into veal breast and cover with foil. Place into oven for 2 1/2 hours. Remove foil and cook another 45 minute to 1 hour. <END>
INPUT: eggplant, virgin olive oil, beef, Salt pepper, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mom's Stuffed Eggplant | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 large eggplant; 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, divided; 1/2 pound ground beef; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 onion, small diced; 1 red pepper, small diced; 3 cloves garlic, minced; 1/2 cup freshly chopped parsley leaves; 1/2 cup freshly chopped basil leaves, chopped; 1 1/4 cup grated Pecorino Romano, divided; 1/4 cup bread crumbs; 1 egg; 2 chopped tomatoes | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Cut the eggplant in half and scoop out the center, leaving enough meat inside the skin so that it holds its shape when baked. Boil the scooped-out center part until very soft, about 10 to 12 minutes. Meanwhile, in a medium saute pan heat 1 tablespoon olive oil over medium heat. Season the beef with salt and pepper. Add the seasoned ground beef to the pan and saute until all of its liquid is evaporated and the beef begins to brown slightly. Drain the beef, removing the extra, unnecessary fat. Let cool briefly and chop the cooked beef so that there are no large chu <END>
INPUT: shallot, caraway seeds, olive oil, cauliflower flowerets, water
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cauliflower with Shallot and Caraway | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup finely chopped shallot; 1/4 teaspoon caraway seeds; 1 tablespoon olive oil; 1 1/2 cups 1-inch cauliflower flowerets; 1 tablespoon water | INSTRUCTIONS: In a 2-quart microwave-safe baking dish stir together the shallot, the caraway seeds, and the oil and microwave the mixture, covered, at high power (100%) for 2 minutes, or until the shallot is softened. Stir in the cauliflower and the water, microwave the mixture, covered, at high power for 4 minutes, or until the cauliflower is tender, and season it with salt and pepper. In a 2-quart microwave-safe baking dish stir together the shallot, the caraway seeds, and the oil and microwave the mixture, covered, at high power (100%) for 2 minutes, or until the shallot is softened. Stir in the cauliflo <END>
INPUT: criolla, sauce, orange bell peppers, tomatoes, onion, serrano chile, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Bell Peppers with Criolla Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 orange bell peppers; 2 medium tomatoes, finely chopped; 1 medium white onion, finely chopped; 1 fresh serrano chile, minced (including seeds); 1 large garlic clove, minced; 1 tablespoon minced fresh flat-leaf parsley; 2 1/2 tablespoons olive oil; 1 1/2 tablespoons red-wine vinegar; 1 teaspoon kosher salt | INSTRUCTIONS: To roast peppers using a charcoal grill: When fire is hot (you can hold your hand 5 inches above rack for 1 to 2 seconds), grill peppers on rack, turning with tongs, until skins are blackened, 10 to 12 minutes. When fire is hot (you can hold your hand 5 inches above rack for 1 to 2 seconds), grill peppers on rack, turning with tongs, until skins are blackened, 10 to 12 minutes. To roast peppers using a gas grill: Preheat all burners on high, then adjust heat to moderately high. Grill peppers on rack, turning with tongs, until skins are blackened, 10 to 12 minutes. Preheat all burners on high,  <END>
INPUT: saltfish, salted codfish, olive oil, onion, scallions, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Ackee and Salted Codfish (Saltfish) | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 pound salted codfish; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1 small onion, diced; 1 bunch scallions, diced; 1 teaspoon garlic, chopped; 1 sprig thyme; 1 red bell pepper, diced; 1 green bell pepper, diced; 1 habanero pepper, chopped; 1/2 pound cooked ackee*; Salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Soak salted codfish in water for 1 hour to release salt. In a medium saucepot, with enough water to cover the salted codfish, boil for 15 minutes. Strain, remove any bones, and let cool. Set aside. In a large pan with olive oil, saute onion, scallions, and garlic until onions are translucent. Add salted codfish and saute for an additional 5 minutes. Add thyme and peppers. Then add ackee and saute for 3 to 5 minutes. Serve. <END>
INPUT: Indian, latkes, smoked turkey legs, turkey stock, cornstarch, russet potatoes, Spanish onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Potato Latkes with Smoked Turkey Leg and Kumquat Chutney | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 2 smoked turkey legs; 1 quart turkey stock; 3 tablespoons cornstarch; 2 pounds russet potatoes; 1 small Spanish onion; 6 scallions, white and green parts, minced; 2 large eggs, beaten; Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper; 1/3 to 1/2 cup flour; 1/2 cup vegetable oil, for frying; Kumquat Chutney, recipe follows; 1 pound kumquats, chopped; 1 cup cider vinegar; 3/4 cup light brown sugar; 6 tablespoons dried cranberries, roughly chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: For the turkey: Place the turkey legs in a slow cooker and pour in the turkey stock. Cover and cook on high for 3 to 4 hours, or 8 hours on low. If you don't have a slow cooker, you could braise the legs in the oven at 350 degrees F for 2 to 3 hours. The smoked turkey legs are already cooked, we just want to braise them so the meat falls off the bone and it is easy to shred. Once the turkey leg has braised and tenderized, remove from the slow cooker and let it cool until you are able to handle it, 10 to15 minutes. Once cool, remove the skin and discard. Pull the meat from the bone and tendons. <END>
INPUT: crisp, rhubarb, all purpose flour, old fashioned rolled, cinnamon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Rhubarb Crisp | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 pounds fresh or frozen rhubarb; 1 3/4 cups all-purpose flour; 3/4 cup old-fashioned rolled oats; 1/2 cup (packed) light-brown sugar; 1 teaspoon cinnamon; 1/2 cup (1 stick) cold unsalted butter, cut into pieces; 1/2 cup coarsely chopped pecans; 1 large egg, lightly beaten; 1 cup sugar; 2 tablespoons chopped crystallized ginger; Finely grated zest of 1 orange; 1/3 cup fresh orange juice; 2 tablespoons cornstarch; Crème fraîche or whipped cream, for serving | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. Preheat the oven to 350°F. 2. Cut the rhubarb stalks into 1-inch pieces. Set aside. 3. Combine flour, oats, brown sugar and cinnamon in a bowl and cut in the butter with two knives until the mixture is crumbly. Add pecans and egg, then toss with a fork. Set aside. 4. Combine rhubarb, sugar, ginger and orange zest in a 3-quart baking dish. 5. Stir the orange juice and cornstarch together; toss with the rhubarb. Spread the oat topping over the rhubarb and bake until golden and bubbly, 45 to 50 minutes. Serve with crème fraîche. 1. Preheat the oven to 350°F. 2. Cut the rhubarb stalks into 1-in <END>
INPUT: jollof, bell peppers, onions, bulbs garlic, salt, Scotch bonnet pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Jollof Rice | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 red bell peppers; 2 medium to large onions; 3 bulbs of garlic; 2 teaspoons salt; 1/2 a Scotch bonnet pepper; 1/4 pound plum tomatoes; 1/4 cup sunflower oil; 1 teaspoon dried thyme; 1/2 teaspoon ground ginger; 1/2 teaspoon cayenne pepper or alternative; 1/4 teaspoon smoked paprika; 1 heaping teaspoon tomato paste; Generous 2 cups chicken stock; 1 teaspoon red palm oil; 1 1/4 cups white basmati rice | INSTRUCTIONS: Finely slice the peppers and onions. Make a paste out of the garlic and 1 teaspoon of salt. Seed and slice the Scotch bonnet pepper, dice the tomatoes and set them aside. Soften the onions and peppers in the sunflower oil over high heat for 5 minutes, stirring frequently. Add the pasted garlic, Scotch bonnet pepper, tomatoes, and dry seasonings and cook for another 10 minutes over medium heat, stirring frequently. Add the tomato paste, cook for another minute or so, then remove from the heat. Blend the mixture with a generous 3/4 cup of chicken stock. If this was prepared in advance, reheat it <END>
INPUT: Asian, cooked, pressed, water, dark soy sauce, five spice powder, cakes bean curd, ducks
OUTPUT: TITLE: Red-Cooked Duck with Pressed Bean Curd | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 4 cups water; 1/2 cup dark soy sauce; 4 teaspoons five-spice powder; 4 cakes extra-firm or firm bean curd, 4 ounces each; 2 5-to 6-pound ducks, cut in 16 large pieces; 4 large cloves garlic, minced; 3/4 cup Shao Hsing (Chinese rice wine, available in Asian liquor stores) or dry sherry; 2 teaspoons sugar; 1/4 cup peanut oil; 24 1/4-inch slices fresh ginger; 8 scallions, halved lengthwise; 6 small dried red chili peppers; 6 whole star anise; 3 tablespoons cornstarch | INSTRUCTIONS: Prepare bean curd: In a saucepan combine water, 1/4 cup of the soy sauce and five-spice powder. Add bean curd and bring to a boil over high heat. Reduce heat to low and simmer 10 minutes. Remove saucepan from heat and let bean curd marinate in liquid, 1 hour. Using a slotted spoon, place bean curd in one layer on a plate lined with paper towels. Reserve cooking liquid. Cover bean curd with more towels, then weight with 5-pound weight. Bean curd must be pressed under weight at least 5 hours, or refrigerated with weight up to 24 hours. Prepare duck: In a nonreactive bowl mix duck with garlic, th <END>
INPUT: Italian, polenta, water, cornmeal, low salt chicken, Parmesan cheese, whipping cream
OUTPUT: TITLE: Creamy Parmesan Polenta | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cups water; 1 cup yellow cornmeal; 2 1/2 cups canned low-salt chicken broth; 1 cup grated Parmesan cheese; 1/4 cup whipping cream; 2 tablespoons (1/4 stick) butter | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine water and cornmeal in small bowl. Bring broth to boil in heavy large saucepan. Gradually add cornmeal mixture, stirring until well blended. Reduce heat to low and simmer until polenta is very thick, stirring occasionally, about 15 minutes. Mix in 1/2 cup cheese, cream and butter. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Transfer polenta to serving bowl. Sprinkle remaining 1/2 cup cheese over. Combine water and cornmeal in small bowl. Bring broth to boil in heavy large saucepan. Gradually add cornmeal mixture, stirring until well blended. Reduce heat to low and simmer until polenta is very <END>
INPUT: creamed, pearl onions, salt, unsalted butter, all purpose flour, heavy cream half
OUTPUT: TITLE: Creamed Onions | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 lb white pearl onions, left unpeeled; 1 1/4 teaspoons salt; 3 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1 tablespoon all-purpose flour; 1 cup heavy cream or half-and-half; 1/4 teaspoon black pepper; 1/4 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg; 1 1/2 cups coarse fresh white bread crumbs (from 1/4 lb bread with crusts removed) | INSTRUCTIONS: Blanch onions in a 3-quart pot of boiling water 1 minute, then drain in a colander and transfer to a bowl of cold water to stop cooking. Drain and peel onions. Put onions and 1 teaspoon salt in same pot and add fresh water to cover by 1 inch. Bring to a boil, then reduce heat and simmer, covered, until onions are tender, about 20 minutes. Drain well in colander and transfer to a buttered 2-quart baking dish. Put oven rack in middle position and preheat oven to 350°F. Melt 1 tablespoon butter in a 1- to 2-quart heavy saucepan over moderately low heat, then add flour and cook, stirring, 1 minute <END>
INPUT: Italian, istrian, gnocchi, all purpose flour, egg, salt, virgin olive oil, water
OUTPUT: TITLE: Istrian Gnocchi with Truffle Cream | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cups all-purpose flour; 1 large egg; 1 1/2 teaspoons salt; 1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil; 1/4 to 1/3 cup water; 2/3 cup heavy cream; 4 teaspoons truffle butter; 1 ounce grated Parmigiano-Reggiano (1/2 cup); grated Parmigiano-Reggiano | INSTRUCTIONS: Sift flour in a mound on a wooden board or work surface and make a well in center. Add egg, salt, oil, and 1/4 cup water to well and mix with a fork, gathering flour gradually into egg mixture to form a dough. If it seems dry, add water (up to 2 tablespoons). Knead on a lightly floured surface, incorporating just enough flour to keep dough from sticking, until smooth and elastic, 8 to 10 minutes. Quarter dough. Working with 1 piece at a time (keep remainder covered with plastic wrap), roll dough between your palms into a 6-inch log, then cut crosswise into about 26 (1/8-inch-thick) pieces. Rol <END>
INPUT: olive oil, breadcrumbs made from, garlic, uncooked, Italian parsley
OUTPUT: TITLE: Perciatelli with Shrimp and Garlic Breadcrumbs | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 8 tablespoons olive oil, divided; 2 cups fresh breadcrumbs made from French bread; 8 garlic cloves, minced, divided; 1 1/4 pounds uncooked peeled, deveined large shrimp; 1/2 cup chopped fresh Italian parsley, divided; 6 tablespoons drained capers; 4 teaspoons (packed) grated lemon peel; 12 ounces freshly cooked perciatelli (long hollow pasta), 1 cup pasta cooking water reserved | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat 3 tablespoons oil in large nonstick skillet over medium heat. Add breadcrumbs and half of garlic; sauté until crumbs are golden and crisp, about 10 minutes. Transfer to medium bowl. Sprinkle shrimp with salt and pepper. Heat remaining 5 tablespoons oil in same skillet over medium-high heat. Add shrimp and remaining garlic to skillet; sauté until shrimp are just opaque in center, about 3 minutes. Stir in 1/4 cup parsley, capers, and lemon peel. Add cooked pasta and 1/2 cup reserved pasta cooking water. Mix in 1 cup garlic breadcrumbs, adding more pasta cooking water if dry. Season with sal <END>
INPUT: Asian, tempura, cucumber, Canola oil, all purpose flour, cornstarch, sesame seeds, kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spicy Shrimp and Scallop Tempura with Cucumber Salad | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: Canola oil, for frying; 1 cup all-purpose flour; 1/4 cup cornstarch; 1 tablespoon sesame seeds; 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt; 1/2 teaspoon sugar; 1/2 teaspoon baking powder; 1 cup cold water; 1/2 cup sake; 1 tablespoon chile sauce (recommended: Sriracha); 1/4 teaspoon fish sauce; 4 large shrimp, peeled, and deveined; 2 large scallops, cleaned; 1 (1/4-inch) piece fresh ginger, peeled and finely grated; 1/2 teaspoon sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large heavy-bottomed saucepan, pour enough oil to fill the pan about a third of the way. Heat over medium heat until a deep-frying thermometer inserted in the oil reaches 350 degrees F. Blend the flour, cornstarch, sesame seeds, salt, sugar, baking powder, water, sake, chile sauce, and fish sauce together in a large bowl. Dip the shrimp and scallops in the batter, letting the excess batter drip back into the bowl and gently drop into the hot oil. Fry the shrimp and scallops until crisp and golden, about 4 to 5 minutes. To make the cucumber salad: Whisk together the ginger, sugar, chile fl <END>
INPUT: individual, salad, butter lettuce, Iced water, tomato, onion, English cucumber
OUTPUT: TITLE: Individual Lettuce Chopped Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 head butter lettuce; Iced water; 1 tomato, diced; 1 red onion, julienned; 1/2 English cucumber, diced; 2 oranges, peeled and segmented; 12 black grapes, halved; 1 avocado, pitted and flesh diced; 12 (16/20) jumbo shrimp, peeled, cooked and diced; 1 lemon, juiced; 1/8 cup light olive oil; Pinch salt; Pinch freshly ground black pepper; 2 teaspoons chopped chives, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Remove the lettuce leaves from the head and using scissors cut each leaf into round shaped cups. Add to a bowl of iced water and refrigerate until needed. In a large bowl add all the remaining ingredients, except the chives, and mix well. Remove lettuce cups from the water and pat dry with paper towels. Fill the cups with the fruit and vegetable mixture and transfer to serving plates. Garnish the salads with chopped chives and serve. Cook's Note: Add lobster and crabmeat, if desired. <END>
INPUT: blinis, all purpose flour, buckwheat flour, sugar, active yeast
OUTPUT: TITLE: Buckwheat Blinis with Smoked Salmon and Crème Fraîche | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup all purpose flour; 1/3 cup buckwheat flour; 4 teaspoons sugar; 1 1/4 teaspoons active dry yeast; 1/4 teaspoon (generous) salt; 1 cup whole milk; 3 tablespoons butter, cut into cubes; 2 large eggs, lightly beaten; Melted butter; Crème fraîche; 1 (4-ounce) package thinly sliced smoked salmon; Salmon roe; Fresh dill sprigs | INSTRUCTIONS: Whisk first 5 ingredients in medium bowl. Place milk and butter in small saucepan. Stir over low heat until butter melts and thermometer registers 110°F (if mixture gets too warm, cool until temperature returns to 110°F). Pour warm milk mixture into flour mixture and whisk until smooth. Cover with plastic wrap and let stand in warm draft-free area until doubled in volume, 1 to 1 1/2 hours. Whisk buckwheat batter to deflate; then whisk in eggs. Do ahead Can be prepared 1 day ahead. Transfer to large bowl. Cover; chill (may increase in volume; rewhisk before using). Preheat oven to 200°F. Heat g <END>
INPUT: marinade, coffee grounds, balsamic vinegar, garlic, shallot, Kosher salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Coffee Grounds Marinade | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup coffee grounds (from brewed coffee); 1/4 cup balsamic vinegar; 2 cloves garlic, chopped; 1/2 large shallot, chopped; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine the coffee grounds, balsamic vinegar, garlic, shallots, some salt and pepper and 1/4 cup water in a bowl. Use as a marinade for steak. Marinate for 30 minutes to 4 hours, then cook the steak as desired. <END>
INPUT: Delicious apples, California raisins, sugar, center pork chops, unsalted butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Apple and Raisin Pork Chops | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 Red Delicious apples; 6 ounces dried California raisins; 4 ounces brown sugar; 8 center-cut pork chops; 6 ounces unsalted butter; 6 ounces demi-glace; Water; Salt; Corn flour; Vegetable oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Combine 3 apples, 6 ounces of dried raisins, 6 ounces of brown sugar, and let marinate for a few hours. In a hot pan, slowly grill the pork chops until completely cooked. Melt the unsalted butter, mix in the raisin, apple and sugar mixture, add 6 ounces of demi-glace, and saute until apples are soft. Take 3 slices of apple for each serving and dip in water, sprinkle with salt, then coat in corn flour. Deep-fry the apples and place on each plate for garnish. Serve with either sauteed fresh spinach or tropical rice and black beans. <END>
INPUT: Italian, mangiafuoco, tomatoes, virgin olive oil, cherry tomatoes, anchovies, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spaghetti Mangiafuoco | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups roughly chopped peeled tomatoes; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 20 cherry tomatoes, halved; 6 anchovies; 2 cloves garlic, peeled, crushed and chopped; 1 sprig fresh basil; 1 sprig fresh parsley; Small handful of capers; Pinch crushed red pepper flakes; Salt; 1 pound spaghetti | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine the chopped tomatoes, olive oil, cherry tomatoes, anchovies, garlic, basil, parsley, capers and red pepper flakes in a saute pan and let simmer for 5 minutes. Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add the spaghetti and cook according to the package directions. Drain the pasta and add it to the pan with the sauce. Toss to combine. <END>
INPUT: Italian, pasta, butter, olive oil, garlic, onion, Two tomato sauce
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pasta with Tomato Cream Sauce | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons butter; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 4 cloves garlic, minced; 1 medium onion, finely diced; Two 15-ounce cans tomato sauce or marinara sauce; Dash of sugar (or more to taste); Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 1/2 pounds fettuccine; 1 cup heavy cream; Grated Parmesan or Romano, as needed; Chopped fresh basil, for serving | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Heat the butter and oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Add the garlic and onions and saute for a minute or so. Pour in the tomato sauce, add sugar, salt and pepper to taste and stir. Cook over low heat for 25 to 30 minutes, stirring occasionally. Cook the pasta according to the package directions. Drain, reserving 1 cup of pasta water. Remove the sauce from the heat and stir in the cream. Add cheese to taste, then check the seasoning. Stir in the pasta and thin with a little pasta water if needed. Add the chopped basil and serve immediately. <END>
INPUT: garlic, jumbo shrimp, orange juice, olive oil, hot chili paste
OUTPUT: TITLE: Salt-Grilled Shrimp | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 garlic clove, finely chopped; 1 pound jumbo shrimp, peeled, deveined; 1/4 cup fresh orange juice; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1 teaspoon hot chili paste (such as sambal oelek); 1 teaspoon smoked paprika; 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 1 orange, thinly sliced into rounds; 1 cup coarse sea salt; Ingredient info: Chili paste is available at Asian markets and many supermarkets. Smoked paprika is available at most supermarkets; the Spanish variet | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine garlic, shrimp, orange juice, oil, chili paste, paprika, and pepper in a medium bowl. Cover and chill at least 2 hours and up to 4 hours. Line a serving platter with orange slices; set aside. Cover bottom of grill pan or cast-iron skillet evenly with salt. Place pan over medium-high heat, cover (salt may pop while it's heating), and heat until pan and salt are hot. Place shrimp in pan in a single layer and cook, uncovered, until shrimp are opaque throughout, about 2 minutes per side. Transfer shrimp to prepared platter, brushing off any excess salt. Combine garlic, shrimp, orange juice <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, platter, Spinach Pie, Hummus, feta, Greek olives, tomato
OUTPUT: TITLE: Greek Platter | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: Sliced Spinach Pie, cut in slices (see recipe); Hummus (see recipe,) drizzled with olive oil and topped with toasted pine nuts; Sliced feta, drizzled with olive oil; Greek olives; Sliced tomato; Whole tomato; Grape leaves stuffed with rice; Pita bread, cut in triangles; 3 cups chopped yellow onions (2 onions); 2 tablespoons good olive oil; 2 teaspoons kosher salt; 1 1/2 teaspoons freshly ground black pepper; 3 (10-ounce) packages frozen chopped spinach, defrosted; 6 extra-large eggs, beaten; 2 teaspoons grated nutmeg | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Arrange the food items decoratively on a platter and serve. Preheat the oven to 375 degrees. In a medium saute pan on medium heat, saute the onions with the olive oil until translucent and slightly browned, 10 to 15 minutes. Add the salt and pepper and allow to cool slightly. Squeeze out and discard as much of the liquid from the spinach as possible. Put the spinach into a bowl and then gently mix in the onions, eggs, nutmeg, Parmesan cheese, bread crumbs, feta, and pignoli. Butter an ovenproof, nonstick, 8-inch saute pan and line it with 6 stacked sheets of phyl <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, vegetables, couscous, pepper, eggplant, zucchini, Salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Couscous with Vegetables | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 12 ounces couscous (not instant); 1 large red or green pepper; 1 large eggplant sliced 1/4-inch thick; 1 large zucchini, sliced 1/4 inch thick; Salt; Turmeric; Cumin; Black pepper; 2 tomatoes, sliced | INSTRUCTIONS: Soak the couscous in cold water for 10 minutes to loosen the grains. Then steam over a saucepan of boiling water or stock for a further 5 minutes. This prevents the couscous from getting sticky and lumpy. Meanwhile burn the outside of the pepper over a naked gas flame. When the skin is black place pepper into plastic bag and seal. Rub from the outside to remove all the pepper skin. Roast the aubergine and zucchini in a preheated 220 degrees F oven. When all vegetables are ready finely chop them up and mix into the couscous. Add salt, tumeric, cumin, and black pepper, to taste. Steam for a furt <END>
INPUT: self rising flour, fine cracker meal, sugar, salt, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fried Green Tomatoes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 cups self-rising flour; 1 cup fine cracker meal; 1/3 cup sugar; 1/4 cup salt; 1 tablespoon ground black pepper; 2 large eggs; 4 cups whole milk; 6 to 7 large green tomatoes | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine all dry ingredients in large mixing bowl. Mix and sift at least twice before starting. In a separate bowl, combine eggs and milk to make egg wash mixture. Slice firm green tomatoes about a 1/2-inch thick. Put tomatoes in egg wash making sure tomatoes are coated well. Dredge tomatoes in dry batter coating well. Fry tomatoes in frying pan, medium high in vegetable oil until golden brown. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, spain, bell peppers, links chorizo piece, virgin olive oil, sherry vinegar, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Red Peppers with Chorizo, Manchego, and Almonds (Spain) | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 4 red bell peppers; 2 small links chorizo or a 4-inch piece of large chorizo; Extra-virgin olive oil; 2 to 3 tablespoons sherry vinegar; 2 garlic cloves, smashed and chopped; 1 teaspoon pimenton (smoked paprika); Kosher salt; 1/4 cup toasted sliced almonds; 2 cups baby arugula; 1/4 cup shaved manchego; 3 scallions, thinly sliced | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the broiler. Put the peppers on a broiler pan and broil them until they are black on all sides. Remove them from the broiler, put them in a bowl and cover with plastic wrap. Let them sit for at least 15 minutes, then remove the plastic wrap and let them cool. Using your fingers scrape off all the black char from the outside of the peppers; use a paper towel if needed to assist with this. Remove the stem and seeds and cut the peppers into 1/2-inch wide strips. While the peppers are cooling, heat a small skillet over medium-high heat and coat the bottom with olive oil. Add the chorizo an <END>
INPUT: American, curried, sandwich, pancetta, roasted chicken, radicchio, mayonnaise, curry powder
OUTPUT: TITLE: Curried Chicken Sandwich with Radicchio and Pancetta | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 8 ounces thinly sliced pancetta, about 8 slices; 3 1/2 to 4 cups diced roasted chicken (from 1 (2-pound) store-bought roasted; 1 1/2 cups shredded radicchio; 1/2 cup plus 2 tablespoons mayonnaise; 1 tablespoon curry powder; 1 tablespoon lime juice; 2 teaspoons honey; 1 1/2 teaspoons freshly minced ginger; 4 ciabatta rolls | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Fry the pancetta slices in a large skillet over high heat until crispy. Remove from the pan and set aside. In a large bowl combine the chicken, radicchio, mayonnaise, curry powder, lime juice, honey, and ginger. Stir to combine. Slice the rolls in half. Spoon the chicken mixture onto the bottom halves of the rolls. Cover with the crispy pancetta and the top of the rolls. Serve. <END>
INPUT: coolers, grapefruit juice, Grand Marnier, sparkling water, orange
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grapefruit Coolers | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups fresh grapefruit juice (from 2 to 3 grapefruit); 1/2 cup Grand Marnier; 1 1/3 cups sparkling water; Garnish: orange slices; lime wedges; maraschino cherries | INSTRUCTIONS: Fill 4 (12-ounce) glasses halfway with ice. Add 1/2 cup grapefruit juice, 2 tablespoons Grand Marnier, and a pinch of salt to each glass and stir. Top off each drink with 1/3 cup sparkling water and stir. Fill 4 (12-ounce) glasses halfway with ice. Add 1/2 cup grapefruit juice, 2 tablespoons Grand Marnier, and a pinch of salt to each glass and stir. Top off each drink with 1/3 cup sparkling water and stir. <END>
INPUT: crystal, apple jelly, granulated sugar, grapes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Crystal Grapes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 10-oz. jar apple jelly; 1 cup granulated sugar*; 2 pounds grapes, washed and well drained | INSTRUCTIONS: Melt the jelly in a shallow pan in the microwave or over very low flame. Spread the sugar on a paper plate. Cut the grapes into small bunches. Dip the grapes in the jelly, then drag through the sugar. Pile the sugar-crusted bunchlings into a serving dish and help yourselves. <END>
INPUT: blueberry, terrine, vanilla ice cream, blueberries, lemon juice, lemon zest, vanilla creme sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lemon and Blueberry Ice Cream Terrine | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 pints vanilla ice cream, slightly softened; 1 cup fresh blueberries, rinsed and picked over for stems; 1/4 cup freshly squeezed lemon juice; 1 tablespoon finely grated lemon zest; 24 vanilla creme sugar wafers, such as Nabisco Biscos, crushed; 3/4 cup heavy cream, chilled; 1 1/2 tablespoons confectioners' sugar; 1/2 teaspoon pure vanilla extract | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. Line a 9 1/2 x 4 x 3-inch loaf pan with a double layer of plastic wrap, making sure the wrap is tucked into all the corners and there is at least 1 inch overhanging the top of the pan on all sides. 2. Combine 1 pint of ice cream with the blueberries in a food processor and process until smooth. Place in the freezer to keep cold so it doesn't melt while you work. 3. Combine the remaining 2 pints of ice cream, the lemon juice, and the zest in a large bowl and mash with the back of a spoon until it is smooth but not yet melting. Spread half of the lemon ice cream in an even layer across the bo <END>
INPUT: American, melts, sour, cider vinegar, honey mustard, sugar, olive oil, cole slaw mix
OUTPUT: TITLE: Turkey Melts with Sweet-N-Sour Slaw and 'Monster' Cheese | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup cider vinegar; 2 tablespoons honey mustard; 2 tablespoons sugar; 1 tablespoon olive oil; 1 cup shredded cole slaw mix; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley leaves; 12 ounces leftover turkey tenderloin, thinly sliced; 4 kaiser or submarine rolls; 4 thick slices Muenster cheese | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat broiler. In a medium bowl, whisk together cider vinegar, honey mustard, sugar, and oil. Add slaw mix and parsley and mix well. Arrange turkey slices on bottom half of rolls. Place rolls on a baking sheet. Spoon slaw mixture over turkey and top slaw with Muenster cheese. Place sandwiches until broiler and broil 3 minutes, until cheese melts. <END>
INPUT: Italian, arrabbiata, olive oil, pancetta, pepper flakes, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Stuffed Shells with Arrabbiata Sauce | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 12 ounces (1 box) jumbo pasta shells (approximately 36 shells); 2 tablespoons olive oil, plus extra for greasing baking sheet; 6 ounces thinly sliced pancetta, diced; 2 teaspoons dried crushed red pepper flakes; 2 garlic cloves, minced; 5 cups marinara sauce; 2 (15-ounce) containers whole milk ricotta cheese; 1 1/3 cups grated Parmesan; 4 large egg yolks; 3 tablespoons chopped fresh Italian parsley leaves; 3 tablespoon chopped fresh basil leaves; 1 teaspoon chopped fresh mint leaves; 1 1/2 teaspoons salt; 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 1 cup shredded mozzarella cheese | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Lightly oil a 12 by 9 by 2-inch baking dish and set aside. Lightly oil the baking sheet and set aside. Partially cook the pasta shells in a large pot of boiling salted water until slightly tender but still quite firm to the bite, about 4 to 6 minutes. You will continue cooking the shells in the oven after they have been stuffed. Using a slotted spoon, drain pasta shells and place on oiled baking sheet, spreading them out so that they don't stick together and allow to cool. Heat the oil in a heavy medium saucepan over medium heat. Add the pancetta and saute until  <END>
INPUT: roulade, cranberry, almonds, fennel seeds, Cognac other brandy, water, cranberries
OUTPUT: TITLE: Turkey Roulade with Cranberry-Apricot Stuffing | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup whole almonds; 2 teaspoons fennel seeds; 1/3 cup Cognac or other brandy; 1/4 cup water; 2/3 cup dried cranberries; 2/3 cup dried apricots (about 8 medium), coarsely chopped; 2 medium shallots, minced; 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened; 2 teaspoons kosher salt, plus additional for seasoning; Freshly ground black pepper; 2 tablespoons fresh parsley leaves; 2 boneless, skinless turkey breast halves, butterflied (about 5 to 6 pounds); 2 tablespoons vegetable oil; 3 cups white wine; 1/2 cup chicken broth | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. Preheat oven to 400F. 2. Spread almonds and fennel seeds on a baking sheet and cook until golden and aromatic, about 10 minutes. Cool to room temperature. Warm cognac and water in a small saucepan, add cranberries and apricots, and set aside until plump, about 10 minutes. 3. Coarsely chop almonds and fennel in a food processor. Add fruit with liquid, shallot, butter, 2 teaspoons salt and pepper, to taste and pulse until fruit and nuts are coarsely chopped. Add parsley and pulse once or twice more. 4. Place turkey breast halves on a cutting board. Divide and spread fruit mixture evenly over  <END>
INPUT: Asian, cucumbers, mint, limes, cucumber, Ice, gin
OUTPUT: TITLE: Gin and Tonic with Cucumbers and Lemongrass | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 4 fresh mint sprigs; 2 limes, quartered; 1 cucumber, cubed; Ice; 8 ounces gin (1 cup); 20 ounces tonic water (2 1/2 cups); 2 stalks lemongrass, cut in half lengthwise | INSTRUCTIONS: Put a mint sprig, 2 lime wedges and a few cucumber pieces in each of 4 glasses. Muddle slightly. Fill the glasses with ice. Add the gin, and top off with tonic water. Garnish with a stick of lemongrass. <END>
INPUT: peach preserves, honey Dijon stone, hot sauce
OUTPUT: TITLE: Peach Glazed Ham with Peach Corn Relish | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 (6 to 7-pound) fully cooked spiral sliced ham (recommended: Loveless Cafe Country Ham); 1/2 cups peach preserves (recommended: Loveless Cafe Peach Preserves); 1 tablespoon honey Dijon or stone-ground mustard; 3/4 teaspoon hot sauce; 1/8 teaspoon ground cloves; 3 large ripe peaches, pitted and halved; Loveless Corn Relish, recipe follows; Peach-Corn Relish, recipe follows; 1/3 cup white vinegar; 1/2 cup sugar; 1/4 teaspoon dry mustard; 1/4 teaspoon mustard seed; 1/4 teaspoon turmeric; 1 cup whole kernel corn, yellow; 1/4 cup diced onion | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Score fat side on ham in a diamond design. Put the ham, fat side up, on a rack in a roasting pan. Insert a meat thermometer, making sure it does not touch the fat or the bone. Bake uncovered until the meat thermometer registers 135 degrees F, about 1 1/2 hours. Combine the peach preserves, mustard, hot sauce and ground cloves in a small bowl, to make a glaze. Whisk until smooth. Remove the ham from oven and brush with the glaze. Bake until the meat thermometer registers 140 degrees F, about 20 minutes. Arrange the ham on a platter and surround it with the pea <END>
INPUT: mashed, new potatoes, mint leaves, virgin olive oil, Kosher salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mashed New Potatoes with Fresh Mint | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 pounds red new potatoes, scrubbed; 1/4 cup chopped fresh mint leaves; 1/2 cup (1 stick) unsalted butter, cut in chunks; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add the potatoes and cook, uncovered, for about 20 minutes, until the potatoes are fork tender. Drain the potatoes and put them in a mixing bowl while they are still nice and hot. Add the chopped mint and mash so the potatoes are chunky and green in spots. Fold in the butter and stir everything together so the butter melts. Drizzle with the olive oil and season with a healthy amount of salt and pepper. <END>
INPUT: Vegetable oil, honey, Dijon grain mustard, all purpose flour, kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spicy Chicken Tenders with Honey-Mustard | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Vegetable oil cooking spray; 1/3 cup honey; 1/3 cup Dijon or whole-grain mustard; 1 cup all-purpose flour; 1 tablespoon kosher salt, plus extra for seasoning; 3 large eggs, at room temperature, beaten; 3 tablespoons hot sauce (recommended: Tabasco); 1 cup cornmeal; 2 tablespoons chili powder; 1 teaspoon cayenne pepper; 1 1/2 pounds chicken tenders, halved lengthwise; Olive oil, for drizzling; Kosher salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Put an oven rack in the center of the oven. Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Spray a heavy baking sheet liberally with vegetable oil cooking spray. Set aside. Honey-Mustard: In a small serving bowl, mix together the honey and mustard until smooth. Set aside. Breading: In a medium bowl, mix together the flour and 1 tablespoon salt. In a second medium bowl, whisk together the eggs and hot sauce. In a third medium bowl, mix together the cornmeal, chili powder and cayenne pepper. Dredge the chicken in the flour and then into the egg mixture. Allow any excess egg mi <END>
INPUT: butter, onion, carrot, celery, wine
OUTPUT: TITLE: Braised Halibut | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon of butter; 1 small onion, finely chopped; 1 carrot, finely chopped; 1 stalk celery, finely chopped; 2 tablespoons dry white wine; 1 pound halibut steaks; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 cup or more fish stock or chicken broth; Steamed carrot threads or pea pods for garnish; Black sesame seeds for garnish, optional | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat the butter in a skillet just wide enough to hold the fish. When hot add the vegetables and saute for a minute or so just to get them sizzling. Add the wine, cover and cook over very low heat until wilted, about 10 minutes. Set halibut over the vegetables, season with salt and pepper and add stock or broth just to cover. Simmer, covered, over low heat, until fish is just done, about 10 minutes. With a slotted spatula, remove haibut from the liquid and divide into two portions. Set each portion in the bottom of a deep soup plate and garnish with carrot threads or snow peas; season the broth <END>
INPUT: Asian, crisps, all purpose flour, baking powder, cinnamon, cardamom
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate Chip Ginger Crisps | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cups all-purpose flour; 3/4 teaspoon baking powder; 1/2 teaspoon cinnamon, or to taste; 1/8 teaspoon ground cloves; 1/4 teaspoon ground cardamom, or to taste; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 2 sticks (1 cup) unsalted butter, softened; 1 cup firmly packed light brown sugar; 1 large egg; 1/3 to 1/2 cup crystallized ginger, chopped fine; 1 1/2 cups (9 ounces) semisweet chocolate chips | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350°F. In a bowl whisk together flour, baking powder, cinnamon, cloves, cardamom, and salt. In another bowl with an electric mixer cream butter and sugar until light and fluffy and beat in egg. Beat in flour mixture and stir in ginger and chocolate chips. Drop dough by rounded teaspoons 3 inches apart onto buttered baking sheets and bake cookies in batches in middle of oven 10 to 12 minutes, or until golden. Cool cookies on baking sheet 1 minute and transfer to racks to cool completely. Cookies keep in airtight containers 5 days. Preheat oven to 350°F. In a bowl whisk together  <END>
INPUT: Mexican, picante, chipotle chile powder, granulated sugar, lime wedge, cognac, mango puree
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mango Picante | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon chipotle chile powder; 1 tablespoon granulated sugar; 1 lime wedge; 1 1/2 ounces cognac, such as Hennessy; 1 ounce frozen mango puree, such as Boiron; 1 ounce Simple Syrup, recipe follows; 1/2 ounce lemon juice; 1 cup sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Mix together the chipotle chile powder and sugar on a small plate. Rim a coupe glass with a lime wedge, then dip the rim in the chile/sugar mixture. Add the cognac, mango puree, Simple Syrup and lemon juice to a cocktail shaker, add large ice and shake vigorously. Taste for balance, then double-strain into the prepared coupe glass and serve. Combine the sugar and 1 cup water in a small saucepan and bring to a boil. Cook, stirring, until the sugar dissolves. Remove from the heat and let cool completely. Keep covered in the refrigerator up to 1 month. <END>
INPUT: deviled, eggs, mayonnaise, Dijon mustard, cayenne, Special pastry fitted
OUTPUT: TITLE: Deviled Eggs | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 large eggs; 1/4 cup mayonnaise; 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard; 1/8 teaspoon cayenne; Special equipment: a pastry bag fitted with 1/2-inch star tip (optional); Garnishes: paprika*; chopped fresh chives; N/A fresh chives | INSTRUCTIONS: Cover eggs with cold water by 1 1/2 inches in a 3-quart heavy saucepan and bring to a rolling boil, partially covered. Reduce heat to low and cook eggs, covered completely, 30 seconds. Remove from heat and let stand, covered, 15 minutes. Transfer eggs with a slotted spoon to a bowl of ice and cold water to stop cooking and let stand 5 minutes. Peel eggs and halve lengthwise. Carefully remove yolks and mash in a bowl with a fork. Add mayonnaise, mustard, and cayenne and stir with fork until smooth, then season with salt and pepper. Fill pastry bag with yolk mixture and pipe into egg whites. Cov <END>
INPUT: beans, garlic, tablesoons butter, water
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sauteed Green Beans | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 pounds green beans; 2 cloves garlic, minced; 2 tablesoons butter; 1/2 cup of water | INSTRUCTIONS: Trim ends of beans. In large skillet melt butter and add beans, garlic and water. Stir and cook quickly over high heat until tender.; <END>
INPUT: salad, beets, garlic, rosemary, olive oil, Kosher salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Beet Salad with Chickpeas and Red Onion | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 medium beets; 2 cloves garlic, peeled; 1 sprig rosemary; 3 tablespoons olive oil; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 1/2 cups canned chickpeas, drained; 1/2 red onion, sliced; 1/2 cup roughly chopped dill pickles; Juice of 1/2 lemon; 1/4 cup crumbled cotija cheese; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Set the beets, garlic and rosemary on a large piece of aluminum foil. Drizzle with 1 tablespoon of the olive oil, sprinkle with some salt and pepper and add a splash of water. Fold the foil up into a pouch and seal the edges. Transfer to the oven and cook until the beets are easily pierced with a knife, 45 to 50 minutes. When done, remove the beets from the pouch and set them aside until cool enough to handle. With a paper towel rub the skins from the beets. Cut the peeled beets into bite-size cubes. Mince the roasted garlic. Combine the beets, garlic, chickp <END>
INPUT: bark, chocolate, peppermints, mini marshmallows
OUTPUT: TITLE: Peppermint-Mini Marshmallow Bark | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound white chocolate; 1/2 cup chopped peppermints; 1/2 cup mini marshmallows | INSTRUCTIONS: Line a baking sheet with foil, shiny-side up; smooth out the creases. Make sure all your tools are dry. Chop the white chocolate into 1/2-inch pieces with a large knife. Place all but 1 cup of the chopped chocolate in a microwave-safe bowl. Microwave 30 seconds, then stir with a rubber spatula. Continue microwaving and stirring at 30-second intervals until melted, 3 to 5 minutes total. Immediately add the reserved chopped chocolate to the bowl; stir vigorously until melted and shiny. Don't worry if there are a few small unmelted pieces. Pour the white chocolate onto the prepared baking sheet;  <END>
INPUT: marmalade, sugar, orange, lemon, jalapenos
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pineapple Jalapeno Marmalade | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 (20-ounce) can crushed pineapple in juice, strained; 4 cups sugar; 1 orange, zested and juiced; 1 lemon, zested and juiced; 2 jalapenos, seeded and minced | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine the pineapple, sugar, orange zest, orange juice, lemon zest, lemon juice and jalapenos in medium saucepan. Bring mixture to a rapid boil over high heat, stirring frequently. Lower heat to medium and continue to cook for 15 minutes, stirring often to prevent scorching. Remove from heat and cool before serving. Store in refrigerator for up to 1 month or in the freezer for 6 months. <END>
INPUT: salad, celery, fennel bulb, Italian parsley leaves, salted pumpkin seeds, olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fennel and Celery Salad with Pumpkin Seeds | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 celery stalks, cut crosswise into paper-thin slices; 1 small fennel bulb, trimmed, halved vertically, sliced paper-thin; 1/2 cup fresh Italian parsley leaves; 1/4 cup toasted salted pumpkin seeds (pepitas); 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice; 3/4 cup Parmesan cheese shavings (about 1 1/2 ounces) | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine celery, fennel, parsley, and pumpkin seeds in large bowl. Whisk oil and lemon juice in small bowl. Season with salt and pepper; toss with vegetables. Toss in most of cheese; top with remaining cheese. Combine celery, fennel, parsley, and pumpkin seeds in large bowl. Whisk oil and lemon juice in small bowl. Season with salt and pepper; toss with vegetables. Toss in most of cheese; top with remaining cheese. <END>
INPUT: Italian, pesto, basil leaves, Parmigiano Reggiano, virgin olive oil, heavy cream, pine nuts
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pesto Lasagna | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 4 cups basil leaves, loosely packed, washed and tough stems trimmed and roughly torn; 2 cups finely grated Parmigiano-Reggiano (about 2 ounces); 1 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 3/4 cup heavy cream; 1/3 cup toasted pine nuts; 8 medium garlic cloves, peeled; 1 tablespoon freshly squeezed lemon juice; 2 teaspoons kosher salt; 1 pound fresh lasagna noodles, cooked and drained; 1 cup finely grated Parmigiano-Reggiano (about 1-ounce) | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. For the pesto: Combine half pesto ingredients in a blender or food processor, and process until evenly combined, about 1 minute. Add remaining ingredients and process until evenly blended, about 1 more minute. Taste and adjust seasoning, as desired. For the lasagna: Heat oven to 375 degrees F and arrange rack in upper third. Meanwhile, alternatively layer a scant 1/4 cup pesto and 1 sheet of fresh lasagna noodles in an 8 by 8-inch baking dish, trimming noodles, as needed, to fit. There should be about 10 to 12 layers. Top lasagna with cheese and bake until bubbly <END>
INPUT: Italian, olive oil, garlic, fennel seeds, pepper flakes, mushrooms
OUTPUT: TITLE: Vegan Spinach and Mushroom Lasagna | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons olive oil, plus more for greasing; 3 cloves garlic, 2 thinly sliced and 1 whole; 1 teaspoon fennel seeds; Pinch crushed red pepper flakes; 1 pound white mushrooms, sliced; One 28-ounce can crushed tomatoes; Kosher salt; One 12.3-ounce package firm tofu, strained; One 10-ounce package frozen spinach, thawed and squeezed dry; One 8-ounce package vegan cream cheese; 1/2 cup loosely packed fresh basil leaves, plus more for garnish; 3 tablespoons nutritional yeast; 1/2 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg; 12 to 13 no-boil vegan lasagna noodles; 1/2 cup shredded mozzarella-flavored vegan cheese | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Grease a 9-inch square baking dish with oil. Heat the oil in a large nonstick skillet over medium-high heat. Add the sliced garlic, fennel seeds and red pepper flakes and stir until fragrant, about 45 seconds. Add the mushrooms and cook, undisturbed, until they begin to brown in spots, about 3 minutes. Continue to cook, stirring occasionally, until tender, about 4 minutes more. Add the tomatoes, 1 cup water and 1 teaspoon salt, bring to a simmer and cook until the sauce is reduced and most of the water is evaporated, 10 to 15 minutes. Let cool. Meanwhile, add <END>
INPUT: mediterranean, fish, beans, cherry tomatoes, Kalamata olives, garlic, wine
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mediterranean Microwave Fish With Green Beans, Tomatoes, and Olives | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 pound green beans, trimmed; 1/2 pint cherry tomatoes; 1 ounce pitted Kalamata olives, thinly sliced (about 3 tablespoons); 2 garlic cloves, very finely chopped; 2 tablespoons dry white wine; 1 tablespoon olive oil; 3/4 teaspoon kosher salt, divided; 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, divided; 2 (6-ounce) skinless flounder or tilapia fillets, 1/2 inch thick; 2 sprigs thyme; An 8x8-inch microwave-proof baking dish | INSTRUCTIONS: Toss green beans, tomatoes, olives, garlic, wine, oil, 1/4 tsp. salt, and 1/8 tsp. pepper in baking dish. Cover with plastic wrap, poke a small hole in the center, and microwave on high 3 minutes. Remove from microwave, uncover, and stir. Season fish on both sides with remaining 1/2 tsp. salt and 1/8 tsp. pepper, then arrange over green bean mixture in baking dish. Top each fillet with 2 thyme sprigs. Cover with plastic wrap and microwave on high 2 1/2 minutes. Check if fish is opaque; if not, continue microwaving at 20-second intervals. Remove from microwave and let sit, covered, 2 minutes. T <END>
INPUT: soup, Polish mushrooms porcini, unsalted butter, onion, garlic, mushrooms
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mushroom Barley Soup | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 ounce dried Polish mushrooms or dried porcini mushrooms*; 6 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1 medium onion, diced; 3 cloves garlic, minced; 3/4 pound fresh mushrooms, trimmed and thinly sliced; 2 stalks celery with leaves, diced; 1 large carrot, peeled and diced; 1/4 cup chopped fresh parsley; 1 tablespoon all-purpose flour; 1 quart low-sodium beef broth; 3/4 cup barley, rinsed; 2 teaspoons kosher salt; Freshly ground black pepper; *Using a blend of fresh mushrooms is also nice. Try shiitake, cremini, or button | INSTRUCTIONS: Put the dried mushrooms in a bowl and cover them with 2 cups of boiling water. Allow them to soak for 1 hour. Strain the mushrooms through a cheesecloth-lined sieve into a bowl. Reserve the liquid. Coarsely chop the mushrooms and set aside. Melt the butter in a large, heavy stockpot or Dutch oven over mediumhigh heat. Add the onions and sauté until softened and translucent, about 8 minutes. Add the garlic and sauté until fragrant, about 2 minutes more. Add the fresh mushrooms, celery, carrot, and half of the parsley, and sauté until the mushrooms are golden and the celery and carrots are begin <END>
INPUT: soy sauce, Marsala wine, Worcestershire sauce, Dijon mustard, hot sauce
OUTPUT: TITLE: Breaded Chicken Marsala | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup soy sauce; 1/2 cup Marsala wine; 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce; 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard; 1 tablespoon hot sauce; 1/4 cup canola oil; 1 whole chicken, cut into 10 pieces (the 2 breasts split into 2 even pieces; 2 wings; 2 drumsticks; and 2 thighs); 1 cup toasted bread crumbs; 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted; Kosher salt; Lemon wedges, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. In a bowl large enough to hold all of the chicken, whisk together the soy sauce, Marsala, Worcestershire sauce, Dijon mustard, hot sauce, and canola oil. Remove the skin from the breast and thigh pieces and submerge the chicken in the marinade. Refrigerate for at least 3 hours or overnight. Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. In a medium bowl, combine the bread crumbs and butter. Mix to blend. Season with salt. Remove the chicken pieces from the marinade, allowing any excess liquid to drip off the chicken pieces, and roll them in the breadcrumbs. Take care to brea <END>
INPUT: peach nectar, lemon, garlic, Dijon mustard
OUTPUT: TITLE: Peach Glazed Ham | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 cups peach nectar; 1 (1-inch) piece ginger, smashed; 1/2 lemon, juiced; 4 cloves garlic, smashed; 1/4 cup Dijon mustard; 1 cup brown sugar; 1 (14-pound) precooked ham; 3 whole peaches | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. In a medium saucepan, simmer together peach nectar, ginger, lemon juice, and garlic cloves. Simmer for 20 minutes. Strain out ginger and garlic. Prepare ham for glaze. Rub Dijon mustard and then brown sugar on the ham. Pour glaze on bottom of pan and throw in sliced peaches for additional peach flavor. Place ham in oven for 1 1/2 hours. Every 10 to 20 minutes glaze ham with the glaze from bottom of pan to keep moist. <END>
INPUT: tartlets, all purpose flour, pecans, sugar, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Milk Chocolate-Pecan Tartlets | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/4 cups all purpose flour; 1/3 cup pecans, toasted; 1/4 cup sugar; Pinch of salt; 6 tablespoons (3/4 stick) chilled unsalted butter, cut into pieces; 1 large egg yolk; 1 1/2 teaspoons (or more) whipping cream; Nonstick vegetable oil spray; 9 ounces imported milk chocolate (such as Lindt), finely chopped; 1/3 cup plus 1 tablespoon whipping cream; 3 tablespoons finely chopped toasted pecans; 1/4 cup (about) apricot preserves; Pecan halves; Grated milk chocolate | INSTRUCTIONS: For crust: Blend first 4 ingredients in processor until nuts are finely chopped. Using on/off turns, add butter; process until mixture resembles coarse meal. Mix yolk and 1 1/2 teaspoons cream in bowl. Add to flour mixture; process until moist clumps form. If dough is dry, add more cream by teaspoonfuls to moisten. Gather dough into ball. Flatten into disk. Wrap in plastic; chill 4 hours. Preheat oven to 350°F. Spray eighteen 3-inch tartlet pans with oil spray. Press 1 tablespoon dough onto bottom and up sides of each pan. Arrange tartlet pans on heavy large baking sheet. Bake until crusts are <END>
INPUT: Italian, Italian eggplants, Good quality olive, milk mozzarella, tomatoes, basil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Eggplant with Mozzarella, Tomatoes, and Basil | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 2 large Italian eggplants; Good-quality olive oil; 1/2 pound fresh whole-milk mozzarella; 3 large ripe tomatoes, red or yellow or a combination of both; 1 bunch fresh basil; Balsamic vinegar; Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Prepare a barbecue (or preheat a broiler). Cut the eggplants into slices about 1/2-inch thick. Spread on a baking sheet and brush with olive oil on both sides. Set aside. Cut mozzarella in half crosswise, then slice each half about 1/4-inch thick to create half-moon shaped pieces. Slice tomatoes in the same manner. Arrange tomatoes and mozzarella decoratively around the edge of a large serving platter. Place eggplant slices on barbecue (or place on baking sheet in broiler) and cook, turning once, until nicely charred on each side; the eggplant should almost caramelize. Arrange the cooked eggpl <END>
INPUT: Asian, muffins, all purpose flour, ginger, baking powder, baking soda, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Ginger Date Muffins | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/4 cups all-purpose flour; 1 teaspoon ground ginger; 1/2 teaspoon baking powder; 1/4 teaspoon baking soda; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 1 large egg; 6 tablespoons unsulfured molasses; 1 3/4 cups packed pitted dates (about 10 ounces); 1 1/2 sticks (3/4 cup) unsalted butter, softened; 6 tablespoons packed dark brown sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 400°F. and butter twelve 1/3-cup muffin cups. Into a bowl sift together flour, ginger, baking powder, baking soda, and salt. In a small bowl whisk together egg and molasses until combined. Coarsely chop dates. In a large bowl with an electric mixer beat together butter and sugar until light and fluffy. Beat in flour and egg mixtures until just combined and stir in dates. Divide batter among muffin cups and bake in middle of oven until a tester comes out clean, about 15 minutes (muffins will not dome). Preheat oven to 400°F. and butter twelve 1/3-cup muffin cups. Into a bowl sif <END>
INPUT: killer, cocktail, star anise, cinnamon, peppercorns
OUTPUT: TITLE: Killer Mango Champagne Cocktail | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 (12-ounce) can mango nectar; 2 star anise; 1 cinnamon stick; 2 whole cloves; 12 black peppercorns; 1/2 teaspoon red pepper flakes; 1 bottle Champagne or sparkling wine | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring the nectar to a boil in a small saucepan over high heat. Reduce the heat to medium and cook for 2 minutes. Turn off the heat and add all of the spices. Let the mixture cool, then strain and refrigerate. Spoon 2 tablespoons of the spicy mango mixture into a Champagne flute and top with chilled Champagne. <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, mousse, water, couscous, sugar, juice oranges, Cointreau other orange
OUTPUT: TITLE: Couscous Mango Mousse | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup water; 3/4 cup couscous; 4 tablespoons sugar; 2 juice oranges, preferably Valencia; 2 tablespoons Cointreau or other orange-flavored liqueur; 1 ripe mango (about 1 1/4 pounds); 1 cup heavy (whipping) cream, chilled; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; One 8-ounce container vanilla yogurt | INSTRUCTIONS: In a medium saucepan over medium-high heat, bring the water to a boil. Add the couscous in a stream. Stir once. Remove from the heat. Cover and let stand until the couscous is tender, 12 to 15 minutes. Mix in 2 tablespoons of the sugar. Cover tightly and set aside. Scrub one of the oranges under running water and pat dry. With a vegetable peeler, remove the zest, being careful not to peel away any of the white pith. Finely mince the zest. Set aside. Squeeze the oranges to obtain about 3/4 cup of juice. Strain through a medium-meshed sieve into a small saucepan. Over medium heat, boil down the  <END>
INPUT: cake, egg yolks, sugar, milk, grappa, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cornmeal and Fig Cake with Pine Nuts | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 large egg yolks; 2/3 cup sugar; 2 cups whole milk; 1/4 cup grappa; 1/8 teaspoon salt; 1/2 cup polenta (coarse cornmeal; do not use instant); 1/2 cup diced dried Calimyrna figs (about 6); 1/3 cup raisins; 1/4 cup pine nuts; 1 tablespoon fennel seeds | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 375°F. Butter 8-inch-diameter cake pan with 2-inch-high sides. Beat egg yolks and sugar in large bowl. Bring milk, grappa, and salt to boil in heavy medium saucepan over medium heat. Gradually whisk hot milk mixture into egg yolk mixture. Return to saucepan. Whisk in polenta. Whisk over medium-high heat until mixture thickens and begins to bubble, about 8 minutes. Fold figs, raisins, pine nuts, and fennel seeds into polenta mixture. Pour into prepared cake pan. Bake cake until golden brown, set in center, and beginning to pull away from sides of pan, about 40 minutes. Cool in p <END>
INPUT: heavy cream, milk, vanilla bean, egg yolks, egg
OUTPUT: TITLE: Coconut Crème Brûlée | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 3/4 cups heavy cream; 1 3/4 cups milk; 1 vanilla bean, split lengthwise; 6 large egg yolks; 1 whole large egg; 1/2 cup granulated sugar; 2/3 cup packed flaked sweetened coconut, toasted golden, cooled, and crumbled coarse; 1/4 cup firmly packed light brown sugar or raw sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 325°F. In a heavy saucepan heat cream, milk, and vanilla bean over moderately high heat until mixture just comes to a boil and remove from heat. Steep vanilla bean 10 minutes and with a knife scrape seeds into milk mixture, reserving pod for another use. In a bowl whisk together yolks, whole egg, and granulated sugar until combined well and add milk mixture in a stream, whisking. Skim off any froth. Divide coconut and custard among eight 1/2-cup flameproof ramekins set in a roasting pan and add enough hot water to pan to reach halfway up sides of ramekins. Bake custards in midd <END>
INPUT: Mexican, veggie, burgers, onion, olive oil additional, bulgur, water, pinto beans
OUTPUT: TITLE: Bulgur Veggie Burgers with Lime Mayonnaise | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup chopped onion, divided; 1 tablespoon olive oil plus additional for brushing; 1/2 cup bulgur; 1 cup water; 1 cup canned pinto beans, rinsed and drained; 1 1/2 tablespoon soy sauce; 3/4 cup walnuts (2 1/2 ounces); 2 garlic cloves, coarsely chopped; 1/2 cup packed cilantro sprigs; 3/4 teaspoon ground cumin; 1/4 teaspoon cayenne; 1/4 cup mayonnaise; 1/4 teaspoon grated lime zest; 1/2 teaspoon fresh lime juice; 4 slices multi-grain bread,toasted | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook half of onion with 1/4 teaspoon salt in oil in a small heavy saucepan over medium heat, stirring occasionally, until golden, 5 to 7 minutes. Add bulgur and water and cook, covered, over low heat until water is absorbed, 15 to 18 minutes. Transfer to a bowl and stir in beans and soy sauce. Pulse bulgur mixture, walnuts, garlic, cilantro, cumin, cayenne, a rounded 1/4 teaspoon salt, 1/2 teaspoon pepper, and remaining onion in a food processor until finely chopped. Form rounded 1/2 cups of mixture into 4 (31/2-inch-diameter) patties. Chill at least 10 minutes. While patties chill, stir toget <END>
INPUT: gratin, unsalted butter, sweet potatoes, Vidalia onion, canola oil, Kosher salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sweet Potato-Onion Gratin | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, room temperature; 4 medium or 2 large sweet potatoes, peeled, sliced into 1/2-inch-thick rounds; 2 medium or 1 large Vidalia onion, peeled, sliced 1/2-inch thick; 1/4 cup canola oil; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 cups half-and-half; 4 tablespoons freshly grated horseradish; 2 tablespoons fresh thyme leaves; 8 ounces Gruyere cheese, grated (about 2 cups) | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Prepare a grill for medium-high heat. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Grease a 9-by-13-inch baking dish with the butter. Oil the sliced sweet potatoes and onions with the canola oil and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Grill the sweet potatoes and onions until slightly charred on each side and just halfway cooked. Set aside. Combine the half-and-half, horseradish, thyme, 2 teaspoons salt and 1 teaspoon pepper in a bowl. Sprinkle one-third of the Gruyere in an even layer over the bottom of the prepared baking dish. Layer one-third of the grilled sweet potatoes an <END>
INPUT: green, forno, poblano chile peppers, butter, olive oil, turkey, panko breadcrumbs
OUTPUT: TITLE: Turkey and Green Chile Al Forno | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 poblano chile peppers; 2 tablespoons butter; 1 tablespoon olive oil; 1 pound ground turkey (80/20 blend); 2 cups panko breadcrumbs; 3/4 cup finely grated Parmigiano-Reggiano; 1/4 cup olive oil; 1/2 cup diced onion; 2 teaspoons minced fresh garlic; 3 tablespoons all-purpose flour; 1 tablespoon cumin; 1 tablespoon onion powder; 1 teaspoon paprika; Kosher salt and fresh cracked black pepper; 1 cup low-sodium chicken stock | INSTRUCTIONS: Begin by charring the poblano chile peppers. Using tongs, place the peppers directly over an open flame on the stove top. Char all over, about 2 minutes per side, and then place in a bowl covered tightly with plastic wrap so they sweat. Leave to sit for 5 minutes, and then use a paper towel to remove the charred outer layer. Discard the stem and seeds, and then dice the peppers. Set a large Dutch oven over high heat and add the butter and olive oil. Add the turkey, onions and garlic and cook, breaking up into small pieces, until lightly browned, 6 to 7 minutes. Add the flour and season with th <END>
INPUT: sylvia, water, smoked turkey wings, collard greens, vegetable oil, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sylvia's Collard Greens with Smoked Turkey | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 cups water; 1/2 pound smoked turkey wings or neck; 1 1/2 pounds collard greens; 2 tablespoons vegetable oil; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 1/2 teaspoon sugar; 1/2 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes | INSTRUCTIONS: In a 4-quart saucepan, bring the water and smoked turkey to a boil over high heat. Reduce the heat and simmer, covered, for 1 hour. While the turkey is cooking, wipe the collards with a damp towel, then wash 2 or 3 times or until all the dirt and grit has been removed. Chop the greens into 1/4-inch pieces; you will have 10 cups of chopped greens. Add the collards, oil, salt, black pepper, sugar and red pepper flakes to the saucepan. Return to a boil, reduce the heat and simmer, covered, for 30 minutes longer. Discard the turkey before serving, or chop the turkey meat and add it to the collards <END>
INPUT: Mexican, tacos, Canola oil, onion, cumin, Kosher salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Corn Tortilla Tacos with Ground Turkey | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: Canola oil, for sauteing; 1 yellow onion, diced; 1 (1-pound) package ground turkey meat; 3/4 teaspoon ground cumin; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 8 corn tortillas; 1 (8-ounce) package shredded cheddar cheese; 1 head romaine lettuce, shredded; 2 Roma tomatoes, diced; Sour cream, optional; Guacamole, optional | INSTRUCTIONS: In a deep saute pan over medium-high heat, add enough oil to completely coat the bottom of the pan. When the oil is hot, add the onion and saute until translucent, about 5 minutes. Add the ground turkey and season with cumin, salt, and pepper. Cook until the turkey browns and is cooked through. Remove the turkey mixture from the pan and wipe out the pan. Divide the turkey mixture among the tortillas and fold in half. Add more oil to the pan, and then brown both sides of the filled tortilla, in batches. Once the tacos are cooked place the cheese in the tacos, followed by the shredded romaine le <END>
INPUT: Italian, angel's hair pasta, garlic, olive oil, pine nuts, lemon juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Angel's Hair Pasta with Lemon and Pine Nuts | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 pound angel's hair pasta or capellini; 3/4 teaspoon minced garlic; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 2 tablespoons pine nuts, toasted golden; 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 1 1/2 teaspoons freshly grated lemon zest; 1/4 cup minced flat-leafed parsley leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring a large saucepan of salted water to a boil for pasta. In a small saucepan cook garlic in oil over moderately low heat, stirring, until softened and transfer mixture to a large bowl. Add pine nuts, crushing them lightly with the back of a fork, lemon juice, zest, parsley, and salt and pepper to taste. Cook pasta in boiling water until al dente and, reserving 2 tablespoons of the cooking water, drain well. Add pasta with the reserved cooking water to bowl and toss with lemon mixture until it is absorbed. Serve pasta warm or at room temperature. Bring a large saucepan of salted water to a b <END>
INPUT: fierce, jalapeno, corn kernels, Salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fierce Fried Corn | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 tablespoons (1/2 stick) butter; 1 jalapeno, seeded and finely chopped, optional; 4 cups fresh corn kernels (scrape "milk" and any bits of kernels from cob as well); Salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large nonstick skillet, melt the butter over low heat. Add the jalapeno, if using. Add the corn, season with salt and pepper, and stir well. Cover and cook, stirring often, being very careful not to let the corn stick to the skillet, until the corn is heated through, 10 minutes. Serve hot. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, deviled, eggs, avocado, Juice lime, sour cream, cilantro
OUTPUT: TITLE: Avocado Deviled Eggs | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 12 large eggs; 1/2 ripe avocado, pitted, peeled and mashed (about 1/2 cup); Juice of 1 lime (about 5 teaspoons); 2 tablespoons sour cream; 1 teaspoon chopped fresh cilantro, plus 24 small leaves, for serving; Kosher salt; Cayenne pepper, for serving; Flaky sea salt, for serving | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Bring a large saucepan of water to a boil over high heat and prepare a large bowl of ice water. Gently lower the eggs into the boiling water with a slotted spoon and cook for 10 minutes. Drain the eggs with the slotted spoon and transfer to the ice water to cool completely, about 5 minutes. Peel the eggs, halve each lengthwise and remove the yolks from the whites. Place the yolks in a food processor and set the whites aside on a plate. Add the avocado, lime juice, sour cream, chopped cilantro and 1 teaspoon kosher salt to the yolks and process until the mixture i <END>
INPUT: scented, cooler, fennel seeds, sugar, water, cubed seedless watermelon, lemon juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fennel-Scented Watermelon Cooler | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 teaspoon whole fennel seeds; 2 tablespoons sugar; 3/4 cup water; 10 cups cubed seedless watermelon; 1 tablespoon lemon juice; Pinch kosher salt; Lemon wedges | INSTRUCTIONS: Toast the fennel seeds in a small skillet over medium heat, shaking the skillet, until the seeds are fragrant and a shade darker, about 2 minutes. Add the sugar and 3/4 cup water and bring to a simmer, stirring constantly, to dissolve the sugar, and until the mixture is reduced by about 1/2, about 3 minutes. Remove from the heat and steep 10 minutes. In a blender or food processor and working in batches, puree the watermelon with the fennel syrup, lemon juice, and a pinch of salt, transferring the batches to a pitcher as blended. Stir well to combine. Serve the cooler in a glass over ice and g <END>
INPUT: sweet pineapple, vanilla bean, wine, Grand Marnier, light sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Vanilla-Poached Pineapple | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 large extra-sweet pineapple; 1 vanilla bean, split lengthwise; 4 cups dry white wine; 1/3 cup Grand Marnier; 1/3 cup packed light brown sugar; 1 (2-to 3-inch) piece of cinnamon stick; 1 Turkish or 1/2 California bay leaf; 2 cloves; 1 1/2 tablespoons granulated sugar; Accompaniment: vanilla ice cream | INSTRUCTIONS: Peel pineapple, then quarter lengthwise. Cut out core, then cut each quarter lengthwise into 4 pieces (for a total of 16). Scrape seeds from vanilla bean into a 12-inch heavy skillet with tip of a paring knife, then add pod, wine, Grand Marnier, brown sugar, cinnamon stick, bay leaf, cloves, and a large pinch of salt. Bring to a boil, stirring until sugar has dissolved. Add pineapple to wine mixture and return to a boil. Remove from heat. Cool pineapple in liquid, about 1 hour. Transfer pineapple with a slotted spoon to a 4-sided sheet pan, then boil liquid until reduced to about 2/3 cup, abou <END>
INPUT: Asian, slaw, daikon, baby carrots, broccoli stems, onions, seasoned rice vinegar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Daikon, Carrot, and Broccoli Slaw | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 8 ounces daikon (Japanese white radish),* peeled, cut into 1-inch pieces (about 1/2 large); 6 ounces peeled baby carrots; 6 ounces broccoli stems, cut into 1-inch pieces; 1 cup chopped green onions; 1/3 cup seasoned rice vinegar; 2 1/2 tablespoons minced peeled fresh ginger; 1 1/2 tablespoons Asian sesame oil; 1 1/2 teaspoons chili-garlic sauce* | INSTRUCTIONS: Fit processor with large-hole grating disk. Working with a few pieces at a time, push daikon, carrots, and broccoli stems through feed tube until all vegetables are grated. Transfer vegetables to medium bowl. Add green onions. Whisk vinegar, ginger, oil, and chili-garlic sauce in small bowl to blend; pour over vegetables and toss to coat. Season with salt and serve. Fit processor with large-hole grating disk. Working with a few pieces at a time, push daikon, carrots, and broccoli stems through feed tube until all vegetables are grated. Transfer vegetables to medium bowl. Add green onions. Whis <END>
INPUT: caramel, saint, packages puff pastry, milk, unsalted butter, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Milk Chocolate and Salted Caramel Gâteau Saint-Honoré | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 14-ounce packages frozen puff pastry (2 sheets; such as Dufour), thawed; 1 cup (scant) all-purpose flour plus more for surface; 1 cup whole milk; 5 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1 teaspoon sugar; 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt; 4 large eggs; 2 cups whole milk; 1/3 cup plus 1/4 cup sugar; 5 tablespoons cornstarch; 6 large egg yolks; 3 1/2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 6 ounces high-quality milk chocolate (such as Lindt or Scharffen Berger), chopped; 1 1/4 cups hot pastry cream (from above); 1 teaspoon unflavored gelatin | INSTRUCTIONS: For base and cream puffs: Preheat oven to 375°F. Line 2 baking sheets with parchment paper. Unfold 1 puff pastry sheet on a lightly floured surface. Unfold second pastry sheet and place directly on top of first, forming 2 layers. Press slightly to adhere. Using a 10" cake pan or tart pan bottom as a guide, cut pastry with a paring knife into a 10" round. Place on 1 prepared sheet. Bake base until puffed and deep golden brown, about 30 minutes. Let cool. DO AHEAD:Can be made 1 day ahead. Store airtight at room temperature. For cream puffs, preheat oven to 375°F. Combine milk, butter, sugar, and <END>
INPUT: cake, all purpose flour, baking powder, kosher salt, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lemon-Buttermilk Bundt Cake | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup (2 sticks) unsalted butter, room temperature, plus more for pan; 3 cups all-purpose flour plus more for pan; 1 tablespoon baking powder; 2 teaspoons kosher salt; 2 1/2 cups sugar; Finely grated zest of 8 lemons (about 1/2 cup); 4 large eggs; 1 cup buttermilk; 3/4 cup apricot or peach preserves; 1/4 cup fresh lemon juice; Special equipment: A 12-cup Bundt pan | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350°F. Butter and flour Bundt pan; set aside. Whisk baking powder, salt, and 3 cups flour in a medium bowl. Combine sugar and lemon zest in a large bowl; using your fingertips, rub together until lemon sugar is well blended. Add 1 cup butter to lemon sugar. Using an electric mixer on high speed, beat until mixture is light and fluffy, about 4 minutes. Add eggs one at a time, beating to blend between additions and occasionally scraping down sides and bottom of bowl with a rubber spatula, until mixture is light and very fluffy, about 4 minutes longer. Reduce speed to low. Add dry <END>
INPUT: cookies, flour, roll, vanilla frosting, food coloring, M&M'S® Milk Chocolate
OUTPUT: TITLE: Easter Cookies | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2/3 cup flour; 1 roll (18 oz.) store-bought refrigerated cookie dough; 1 ½ cups prepared vanilla frosting; Green food coloring; 2/3 cup M&M'S® Brand Milk Chocolate Candies for Easter; 2 cookie sheet pans; Resealable plastic bag; Small spatula or table knife; Large, round platter; Easter Egg or bunny-shaped cookie cutters | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350°F. Line the cookie sheet pans with the parchment paper. Knead the flour into the cookie dough until smooth. Roll out the dough to a scant ¼-inch thickness. Cut out 18 cookies, re-rolling the scraps if necessary. Transfer the cookies to the prepared cookie sheet pans. Bake for 12-17 minutes, or until golden brown. Remove from the oven, transfer to a wire rack, and let cool completely. Spoon the frosting into a resealable plastic bag; snip a corner. Using the photo as a guide, pipe outlines on the cookies, then fill in the outlines with a tight zigzag pattern. Spread the fros <END>
INPUT: spread, eggplant, bell peppers, onion, garlic, good olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Eggplant Spread | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 medium eggplant; 2 red bell peppers, seeded; 1 red onion, peeled; 2 garlic cloves, minced; 3 tablespoons good olive oil; 1 1/2 teaspoons kosher salt; 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 1 tablespoon tomato paste | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Cut the eggplant, bell pepper, and onion into 1-inch cubes. Toss them in a large bowl with the garlic, olive oil, salt, and pepper. Spread them on a baking sheet. Roast for 45 minutes, until the vegetables are lightly browned and soft, tossing once during cooking. Cool slightly. Place the vegetables in a food processor fitted with a steel blade, add the tomato paste, and pulse 3 or 4 times to blend. Taste for salt and pepper. <END>
INPUT: spuds, russet potatoes, virgin olive oil, all purpose flour, milk, spinach
OUTPUT: TITLE: Ham-and-Spinach Spuds | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 large russet potatoes; 4 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, plus more for brushing; 2 tablespoons all-purpose flour; 2 cups milk; 1 bunch spinach, roughly chopped; 4 thin slices ham (about 3 ounces), cut into strips; Pinch of cayenne pepper; Pinch of freshly grated nutmeg; Kosher salt; 4 ounces gruyere or gouda cheese, finely shredded (about 1 1/4 cups) | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees. Pierce the potatoes with a fork; microwave for 15 minutes. Remove and brush with olive oil; transfer to the oven rack and bake until fully tender, about 15 minutes. Meanwhile, heat 2 tablespoons oil in a medium skillet over medium heat. Stir in the flour with a wooden spoon and cook until slightly toasted, about 2 minutes. Whisk in the milk and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat and simmer, whisking occasionally, until the sauce begins to thicken, about 6 minutes. Stir in the spinach and ham and cook until the greens wilt and the mixture is about as thick as sour <END>
INPUT: Asian, eastern, nicoise, mirin, ginger, light soy sauce, Two Ahi tuna
OUTPUT: TITLE: Eastern Style Tuna Nicoise Salad with Tea Marbled Eggs and Wasabi Vinaigrette | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons mirin; 1 tablespoon peeled grated ginger; 1 tablespoon light soy sauce; Two 6 to 8-ounce Ahi tuna steaks; 2 tablespoons light soy sauce; 1 teaspoon wasabi paste; Juice of 1 lemon or 1/4 cup clear rice vinegar; 6 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1/4 teaspoon light brown sugar; Pinch sea salt; Freshly ground white pepper; 1/2 teaspoon Chinese five-spice powder; Sea salt; 2 tablespoons peanut oil; 8 ounces French green beans, blanched | INSTRUCTIONS: For the tuna: Whisk together the mirin, ginger and soy until combined. Add the tuna, toss well to coat, and marinate in the refrigerator for 1 hour. For the wasabi vinaigrette: Whisk together the soy sauce, wasabi paste and lemon juice in a small bowl until smooth. Add the oil in a slow, steady stream while whisking constantly until combined. Season with the sugar, salt and white pepper and stir well. For the salad: Remove the tuna from the marinade, shake off the excess and sprinkle the five-spice powder and sea salt equally over all sides. Heat a cast-iron skillet or flat griddle over high h <END>
INPUT: wedges, sweet potatoes, unsalted butter, rosemary leaves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Rosemary-Roasted Sweet-Potato Wedges | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 medium sweet potatoes (about 1 pound total); 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1 teaspoon minced fresh rosemary leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 400°F. Cut potatoes lengthwise into 3/4-inch-thick slices. In a large shallow baking pan heat butter in oven 2 minutes, or until melted. Add potatoes, tossing to coat, and sprinkle with rosemary and salt and pepper to taste. Roast potatoes in middle of oven, gently tossing with a metal spatula halfway through roasting time, 20 minutes total, or until tender. Preheat oven to 400°F. Cut potatoes lengthwise into 3/4-inch-thick slices. In a large shallow baking pan heat butter in oven 2 minutes, or until melted. Add potatoes, tossing to coat, and sprinkle with rosemary and salt and <END>
INPUT: omelet, sour cream, Dijon mustard, dill, chives onion light, smoked salmon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Smoked Salmon Omelet | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons sour cream; 1/2 teaspoon Dijon mustard; 1/2 teaspoon dried dill; 1/4 cup chives and onion light cream cheese, softened; 2 tablespoons chopped smoked salmon; 2 eggs, lightly beaten; 1 tablespoon black lumpfish caviar; Minced chives, optional | INSTRUCTIONS: NOTE: This makes a great brunch dish with a tossed green salad. In a small bowl, stir together sour cream, mustard, and dill; set aside. In a small bowl stir together cream cheese and chopped smoked salmon; set aside. Spray an 8-inch non-stick frying pan with cooking spray. Heat pan over medium heat. Add 1/2 of the beaten eggs and cover. Cook for 2 to 4 minutes or until egg has set. Spoon 1/2 salmon mixture onto the half of the omelet away from the handle. Tilt the pan over serving plate and scoot the omelet out of pan, folding in-half as it slides out of pan. Repeat with remaining egg and sal <END>
INPUT: American, cheesy, bacon, cheddar cheese, sour cream
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cheesy Bacon-Tater Tot Pie | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound (about 3 cups) frozen Tater Tots; Nonstick cooking spray; 4 slices bacon; 1 cup shredded cheddar cheese (about 4 ounces); 1/4 cup sour cream; 1/4 cup mayonnaise; 2 tablespoons Sriracha; Chopped fresh chives, for topping | INSTRUCTIONS: Bake the Tater Tots as the label directs. Reduce the oven temperature to 400 degrees F and lightly coat a 9-inch pie plate with cooking spray. Cook the bacon in a medium skillet over medium-low heat, turning once, until crisp, about 8 minutes. Remove to a paper towel-lined plate to drain, then roughly chop. Lightly press the Tater Tots into the prepared dish. Top with the cheese and bacon. Bake until the cheese melts, about 5 minutes. Meanwhile, combine the sour cream and mayonnaise with the Sriracha. Drizzle the pie with the spicy mayonnaise and sprinkle with chives. Photograph by Mark Weinbe <END>
INPUT: well trimmed leg, garlic, grain Dijon mustard, virgin olive oil, wine
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Leg of Lamb with Rosemary, Garlic, and Mustard | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 well-trimmed 6-pound boneless leg of lamb, butterflied to even 2-inch thickness; 8 garlic cloves, peeled, divided; 1/2 cup whole grain Dijon mustard; 1/2 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 1/4 cup dry white wine; 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh rosemary; 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; Nonstick vegetable oil spray; Fresh rosemary sprigs and fresh Italian parsley sprigs | INSTRUCTIONS: Open lamb like book on work surface. Using tip of small knife, make 1/2-inch-deep slits all over lamb. Thinly slice 4 garlic cloves. Insert garlic slices into slits in lamb. Combine remaining 4 garlic cloves, mustard, olive oil, white wine, rosemary, and lemon juice in processor. Blend until coarse puree forms. Spread underside of lamb with half of puree. Place lamb, seasoned side down, in 15 x 10 x 2-inch glass baking dish. Spread remaining puree over top of lamb. Cover lamb with plastic wrap and chill overnight. Let lamb stand at room temperature 2 hours. Coat grill rack with nonstick spray  <END>
INPUT: French, salad, fingerling potatoes, roasted garlic, Dijon mustard, wine vinegar, olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mustard Seed Potato Salad | CUISINE: French | INGREDIENTS: 2 pounds fingerling potatoes (you can also use red bliss or other heirloom potatoes); 1 tablespoon roasted garlic (1 head rubbed with olive oil then baked at 350 degrees for 45 minutes); 2 1/2 teaspoons Dijon mustard; 1/2 cup red wine vinegar; 1 1/2 cups olive oil; 1 tablespoon yellow mustard seeds; Salt and pepper; 2 medium red onions, sliced thin; 1/3 cup fresh chopped herbs (parsley, tarragon, and thyme); 2 bunches watercress | INSTRUCTIONS: Clean and slice potatoes into bite sized rounds and boil until fork tender. Squeeze out the pulp from the head of garlic. Make vinaigrette by whisking garlic, mustard and vinegar in a bowl and then slowly whisking in olive oil, season with salt and pepper and add mustard seeds at the end. While potatoes are still warm and drained, toss with vinaigrette. Just before serving add onions, herbs and watercress. <END>
INPUT: boil, mustard seeds, celery seeds, cumin seeds, dill seeds, bay leaves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spicy Crab Boil For Blue Crabs | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon mustard seeds; 1 tablespoon celery seeds; 1 tablespoon cumin seeds; 1 tablespoon dill seeds; 6 whole bay leaves; 1 cup paprika; 1/4 cup chile powder; 1 tablespoon dried red chile flakes; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh thyme; 1 bunch fresh rosemary sprigs; 1 bunch fresh thyme sprigs; 1 bunch fresh dill sprigs; 1 bunch fresh sage sprigs; 1 bunch fresh parsley sprigs; 3 dozen blue crabs | INSTRUCTIONS: To make the spice mix, grind the mustard, celery, cumin, dill seeds, and bay leaves in an electric spice grinder or a clean coffee grinder. Place the freshly ground spices in a large bowl and mix in the paprika, chile powder, red chile flakes, and thyme. Add the fresh herb sprigs to the bowl. Put some water and a steamer insert in the bottom of a very large pot. Add the crabs, sprinkling the spice mix and the herb sprigs between the crabs as you layer them in the pot. Put the lid on, bring the water to a boil, and steam until the crabs are cooked, about 20 minutes. The crabs should be a bright <END>
INPUT: onion, garlic, beers, barbeque sauce, mini meatballs
OUTPUT: TITLE: Meatballs | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 onion, julienne; 2 cloves garlic; 2 beers, 12 oz. each; 10 ounces barbeque sauce; 30 mini meatballs; salt and pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Saute onions in olive oil until deep golden brown in color. Add garlic and saute for 30 seconds. Add beer and barbeque sauce. Add meatballs and simmer for 30 minutes. Season with salt and pepper. <END>
INPUT: ragout, garlic, onions, olive oil, potatoes, undrained tomatoes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Green Beans and Fennel Ragout | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 garlic cloves, minced or pressed; 1 1/2 cups chopped onions; 3 tablespoons olive oil; 3 large potatoes, cut into 1/2inch cubes (about 3 1/2 cups); 3 cups undrained chopped fresh or canned tomatoes (28ounce can); 1 teaspoon dried thyme; 1 cup water; 1 pound green beans; 2 cups sliced fresh fennel bulb (1/4inchthick slices); 2 pinches of saffron threads; 1 1/2 teaspoons freshly grated orange peel; Juice of 1/2 lemon; Salt and ground black pepper to taste | INSTRUCTIONS: In a soup pot, saute the garlic and onions in the olive oil, stirring occasionally, until the onions are translucent. Add the potatoes and tomatoes. Stir in the thyme and water. Cover and bring to a boil, then reduce the heat to a simmer. Stem the green beans and cut them into 1inch pieces. Add the beans and sliced fennel bulb to the pot. Stir in the saffron, orange peel, and lemon juice. Simmer, covered, for 15 to 20 minutes, stirring occasionally, until the potatoes and green beans are tender. Add salt and pepper to taste. Serve with crusty bread and chevre or brie <END>
INPUT: Asian, salad, wine vinegar, sugar, salt, olive oil, seedless cucumber
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cucumber, Jícama, and Pickled Ginger Salad | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 2 teaspoons white-wine vinegar; 1/2 teaspoon sugar; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1 seedless cucumber (1 1/4 lb; usually plastic-wrapped), cored and cut into 1/8-inch-thick matchsticks; 1/2 lb jicama, peeled and cut into 1/8-inch-thick matchsticks (2 cups); 2 tablespoons drained bottled pickled ginger, finely chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: Whisk together vinegar, sugar, and salt in a small bowl until sugar is dissolved, then add oil in a slow stream, whisking until emulsified. Toss together cucumber, jicama, ginger, and dressing in a bowl until combined well, then let stand, covered and chilled, 15 minutes. Whisk together vinegar, sugar, and salt in a small bowl until sugar is dissolved, then add oil in a slow stream, whisking until emulsified. Toss together cucumber, jicama, ginger, and dressing in a bowl until combined well, then let stand, covered and chilled, 15 minutes. <END>
INPUT: Asian, salad, hoisin sauce, water, soy sauce, gingerroot, radishes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Crispy Asian Chicken and Watercress Salad | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup hoisin sauce; 1/4 cup water; 1 1/2 tablespoons soy sauce; 1/2 teaspoon finely grated peeled fresh gingerroot; 4 radishes; 2 scallions; 3/4 bunch watercress; 3/4 cup fresh bean sprouts; 1 pound boneless chicken thighs with skin; 2 tablespoons all-purpose flour; 2 tablespoons cornstarch; 1 cup vegetable oil for frying | INSTRUCTIONS: Make dressing: In a small bowl whisk together dressing ingredients. Halve radishes lengthwise and cut crosswise into 1/8-inch-thick slices. Diagonally cut scallions into 1/4-inch-thick slices. Discard coarse stems from watercress. In a bowl chill radishes, scallions, watercress, and bean sprouts while preparing chicken. In a small bowl whisk together dressing ingredients. Halve radishes lengthwise and cut crosswise into 1/8-inch-thick slices. Diagonally cut scallions into 1/4-inch-thick slices. Discard coarse stems from watercress. In a bowl chill radishes, scallions, watercress, and bean spro <END>
INPUT: Asian, aloo, gobi, Peanut canola oil, boiling potatoes, cauliflower, ginger, turmeric
OUTPUT: TITLE: Aloo Gobi (Punjabi-style Cauliflower and Potatoes with Ginger) | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: Peanut or canola oil, for shallow frying; 1 pound boiling potatoes, peeled and cut into thick 2 by 1 by 1-inch fries; 1 head cauliflower (1 3/4 pounds), cut into delicate florets; 1 tablespoon peeled finely chopped fresh ginger; 1/4 teaspoon ground turmeric; 3/4 to 1 teaspoon salt; 1/4 teaspoon cayenne; 1 teaspoon ground cumin; 1 teaspoon ground coriander; 3 tablespoons water; 2 to 3 tablespoons coarsely chopped cilantro leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: Put the oil in a large frying pan and set over medium heat. When it is hot, put in the potatoes and fry them until they are golden and almost tender, about 10 minutes. Lift the potatoes out with a slotted spoon, and drain on paper towels. Turn the heat to medium-high, put in the cauliflower florets, and fry for 3 to 4 minutes, until they are golden brown. Lift the cauliflower out with a slotted spoon and drain on paper towels. Turn the heat off. Remove all the oil from the frying pan except for 2 tablespoons (the extra oil can be drained and reused). Turn the heat to medium-high and put in the <END>
INPUT: relleno, pasilla chiles, queso fresco cheese, Toothpicks, eggs, all purpose flour
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chile Relleno | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 pasilla chiles; 1 pound queso fresco cheese; Toothpicks; 3 eggs; 1 tablespoon all-purpose flour; 1 cup oil; 4 medium Roma tomatoes, halved; 1 cup water; 2 garlic cloves, peeled and chopped; 1 tablespoon chicken broth powder; 1/4 cup oil; 1 teaspoon all-purpose flour; 1 tablespoon chopped oregano leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Rice and beans, for serving, if desired Heat grill to medium. Grill and char the chiles on both sides. Once blackened put in a plastic bag for 10 minutes to sweat out any moisture. Remove from the bag, slit them down the middle and remove the seeds. Stuff the peppers with the queso fresco and use toothpicks to hold them together. Separate the egg yolks from the whites. Add the egg whites to a large bowl. Reserve the egg yolks. Beat the egg whites with an electric beater until the whites fluff up. Add in the flour and the egg yolks and mix until completely incorpo <END>
INPUT: granita, wine, sugar, lemon juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Green Grape Granita | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/3 cup dry white wine; 1/3 cup sugar; 1 pound (about 3 cups) seedless green grapes; 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, or to taste | INSTRUCTIONS: In a saucepan combine the wine, the sugar, and 1 cup water and bring the mixture to a boil, stirring until the sugar is dissolved. Simmer the syrup for 5 minutes and let it cool. In a blender or food processor puree the grapes, add the syrup, and blend the mixture well. Strain the puree through a fine sieve into a bowl, pressing hard on the solids, stir in 1 cup cold water and the lemon juice, and chill the mixture, covered, for 1 to 2 hours, or until it is cold. The mixture may be made up to this point 1 day in advance and kept covered and chilled. Stir the mixture, transfer it to 2 metal ice <END>
INPUT: parsley, garlic, lemon juice, salmon fillet skin
OUTPUT: TITLE: Broiled Salmon with Onion, Tomato and Lemon | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup (1/2 stick) unsalted butter; 2 tablespoons minced fresh parsley; 2 large garlic cloves, minced; 2 teaspoons fresh lemon juice; 1 16-ounce salmon fillet with skin; 4 thin onion slices; 4 thin tomato slices; 4 thin lemon slices | INSTRUCTIONS: Melt butter in heavy small saucepan over low heat. Add parsley, garlic and lemon juice and simmer 2 minutes. Preheat broiler. Place salmon on large piece of heavy-duty foil; season with salt and pepper. Brush salmon with half of butter mixture. Arrange onion, tomato and lemon slices over. Drizzle remaining butter mixture over. Fold foil over salmon and crimp edges tightly to seal. Place salmon package in broiler pan. Broil 5 inches from heat source until salmon is just cooked through, about 10 minutes. Melt butter in heavy small saucepan over low heat. Add parsley, garlic and lemon juice and s <END>
INPUT: bisque, Two tomatoes, olive oil, light sugar, carrots, shallots
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Tomato Bisque | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Two 28-ounce cans whole tomatoes, drained of their juices; 1 tablespoon olive oil; 1 tablespoon light brown sugar; 4 carrots, peeled and chopped; 2 shallots, quartered; Salt and freshly cracked black pepper; 3 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1/2 teaspoon crushed red pepper; 2 cloves garlic, minced; 1 tablespoon tomato paste; 2 tablespoons dry sherry; One 28-ounce can crushed tomatoes; 1 to 2 cups chicken stock; 1/4 cup heavy cream | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. In a mixing bowl, combine the drained whole tomatoes, olive oil, light brown sugar, carrots and shallots, and toss to coat. Season the vegetables with salt and pepper. Place the vegetables on a silicone or parchment-lined baking sheet and roast until caramelized, about 30 minutes. Heat a soup pot over medium heat. Add the butter and cook until foaming. Add the crushed red pepper and garlic and saute for 1 minute. Add the tomato paste and cook for 1 to 2 minutes. Then add the sherry. Cook until all the liquid has evaporated and t <END>
INPUT: sauce, pine nuts, olive oil, onion, sweet paprika, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fish in Pine Nut Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup pine nuts; 4 tablespoons olive oil; 1 large onion, finely chopped; 1 teaspoon sweet paprika; 1 tablespoon finely minced garlic; 1/4 cup fresh bread crumbs; Pinch of saffron threads, warmed and crushed (optional); 1 1/2 cups peeled, seeded, and chopped tomatoes; 1 cup fish stock or dry white wine; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 1/2 pounds firm white fish fillet, cut into 8 pieces; 1 cup English peas, cooked until tender-crisp (optional); 1/4 cup chopped fresh flat-leaf parsley or mint | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350°F. Spread the pine nuts on a baking sheet and toast in the oven, stirring occasionally, until fragrant and golden, about 8 minutes. Pour onto a plate to cool. Transfer 1/4 cup of the toasted nuts to a nut grinder or small food processor and grind or pulse until finely ground. In a frying pan, heat 2 tablespoons of the oil over medium heat. Add the onion and cook, stirring occasionally, until softened and translucent, about 8 minutes. Add the paprika, garlic, ground pine nuts, bread crumbs, and saffron, if using, and cook, stirring often, for 3 minutes. Add the tomatoes  <END>
INPUT: flans, unsweetened pumpkin puree, sugar, cinnamon, nutmeg
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pumpkin Flans | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cups unsweetened pumpkin puree; 1/2 cup sugar; 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1/4 teaspoon ground nutmeg; Pinch of ground cloves; Pinch of salt; 4 large eggs, lightly beaten; 1 3/4 cup light cream; 1/4 cup white rum; Lightly whipped cream as garnish, optional; Toasted chopped pecans as garnish, optional | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. In a bowl whisk into the pumpkin puree, the sugar, and the spices. With a wooden spoon (so you don't get too much air in mixture) stir in the eggs, cream and rum. Ladle the mixture into 6 buttered 1-cup ramekins. Arrange ramekins, on a cloth set in a baking pan and pour in enough boiling water in the pan to reach half way up sides of ramekins. Bake for 40 minutes or until set. Remove flans from pan and let them cool until lukewarm. Cover tops with buttered waxed paper and chill. Pipe a rosette of whipped cream in center of each flan and garnish with toasted pecan <END>
INPUT: herb, russet potatoes, butter, Salt pepper, garlic, chives
OUTPUT: TITLE: Baked Potatoes with Herb Butter | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 large russet potatoes; 1 stick butter, softened, plus more for brushing; Salt and pepper; 2 garlic cloves, mashed into a paste; 1 tablespoon finely chopped chives; Pinch salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat grill to medium. With a fork prick the potatoes 4 to 5 times, smear them with a little butter and sprinkle each potato with salt. Wrap in foil. Place the potatoes on the grill and cook for 40 to 45 minutes turning every so often. In a mixing bowl add butter, garlic, chives and pepper. Whip together until well incorporated. Take a piece of plastic wrap and lay it on the counter. Place the butter mixture on the plastic wrap and shape into a log or place the bowl in refrigerator covered to firm it back up. When your potatoes are cooked take butter out of the refrigerator, slice open the p <END>
INPUT: picatta, puree, pumpkin, water, unsalted butter, dark sugar, allspice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Turkey Picatta on Pumpkin Puree | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 pounds fresh pumpkin, seeds removed and cut into chunks; 1 cup water; 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, cut into pieces; 2 tablespoons dark brown sugar; 1 teaspoon ground allspice; 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1 teaspoon ground ginger; 12 sage leaves; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh sage; 2 pounds turkey breast, cut into 12 slices, each 1/3-inch thick; Freshly ground pepper; 1/4 pound prosciutto (6 long, thin slices, cut in half); Salt; All-purpose flour; 2 tablespoons vegetable oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Prepare the Pumpkin Puree: In a small baking tray, combine the pumpkin chunks with the water. Cover and bake until tender, about 1 hour. Drain excess water. Scoop out the flesh of the chunks of pumpkin, transfer to a bowl, and mash. Stir in the remaining ingredients and mix well. Puree in a food mill and correct seasonings, to taste. Keep warm over simmering water, stirring when ready to serve. Prepare the Piccata: Place 1 sage leaf in the center of each slice of turkey and season with pepper. Top with a slice of prosciutto and press together with the palm of <END>
INPUT: Asian, salad, Dijon mustard, lemon juice, rice wine vinegar, ginger, canola oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Ginger Salad | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard; 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice; 2 tablespoons rice wine vinegar; 1 tablespoon fresh ginger, peeled and chopped; 3/4 cup canola oil; Kosher salt; 1/8 teaspoon fresh ground black pepper; 1/2 head iceberg lettuce, shredded; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley leaves; Lemon slices, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: In a blender on high speed, combine mustard, lemon juice, vinegar, and ginger for just a few seconds until smooth. Then turn the blender to a lower speed and slowly pour the oil in a continuous stream. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Place shredded lettuce piled high in the center of a bowl with edges. Add dressing to lettuce and toss. Sprinkle parsley around the edges of the bowl and garnish with a lemon slice. <END>
INPUT: Italian, breakfast, unsalted butter, blanched almonds, fleur de sel, pure maple syrup, Homemade Ricotta
OUTPUT: TITLE: Breakfast Ricotta with Berries & Maple Syrup | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 3 tablespoons sliced blanched almonds; 1/8 teaspoon fleur de sel; 1/3 cup pure maple syrup; 2 cups Fresh Homemade Ricotta, recipe follows, or good fresh ricotta; 2 tablespoons honey; 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract; 1 pint mixed berries, such as raspberries, blueberries and strawberries; Toasted brioche or challah, for serving; 4 cups (1 quart) whole milk; 2 cups (1 pint) heavy cream; 1 teaspoon kosher salt; 3 tablespoons good white wine vinegar | INSTRUCTIONS: Melt the butter in a small saute pan over medium heat. Stir in the almonds and saute, tossing frequently, for 2 to 3 minutes, until the almonds are a golden brown. Sprinkle with the fleur de sel, add the maple syrup and keep warm. Meanwhile, combine the ricotta, honey and vanilla and divide it among breakfast plates. Surround the ricotta with the berries and spoon the almond and maple syrup mixture over the ricotta. Place a slice of toasted brioche on each plate and serve warm. Set a medium-meshed sieve over a deep bowl. Line the sieve with two double layers of cheesecloth and dampen the chees <END>
INPUT: milk, pancetta, vegetable olive oil, all purpose flour
OUTPUT: TITLE: Calf's Liver with Scallions Sherry, and Pancetta | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 (1/2-inch-thick) slices calf's liver; 1/2 cup milk; 3 thin slices pancetta, chopped; 1 tablespoon vegetable or olive oil, divided; 1/2 cup all-purpose flour; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, divided; 1 cup thinly sliced scallions (1 small bunch); 1/4 cup cream Sherry; 2 tablespoons water | INSTRUCTIONS: Soak liver in milk 15 minutes. Cook pancetta in 1 teaspoon oil in a 12-inch nonstick skillet over medium heat, stirring occasionally, until crisp, 2 to 3 minutes. Transfer with a slotted spoon to paper towels to drain, leaving fat in skillet. Discard milk and pat liver dry. Stir together flour, 1/2 teaspoon salt, and 1/4 teaspoon pepper on a piece of wax paper or a plate and dredge liver in mixture, knocking off excess. Add remaining 2 teaspoons oil to fat in skillet and heat over medium-high heat until hot. Cook liver, turning once, until browned but still pink in center, about 4 minutes tota <END>
INPUT: white, All purpose flour, mozzarella, prosciutto, handfuls arugula
OUTPUT: TITLE: White Pizza | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: All-purpose flour, for dusting; 4 (12 ounce) ball pizza dough, room temperature; 8 ounces mozzarella, grated; 5 to 6 ounces prosciutto, thinly sliced; 4 handfuls arugula; Olive oil, for drizzling; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat your wood fired pizza oven 4 hours before cooking. Alternately, you can use a preheated pizza stone in your home oven. It's best to heat it for 1 hour in a 500 degrees F oven. Sprinkle some flour on your pizza peel. Using a rolling pin, stretch your dough to a very thin 10-inch round. Top the dough with 1/4 of the cheese and arugula, leaving a 1-inch border on the crust. Place the pizza on the wood oven floor until the cheese is just melted. Remove the pizza and top with a 1/4 of the prosciutto slices. Place back in the oven and bake for another minute. Remove the pizza and drizzle wit <END>
INPUT: lamb chops, Vegetable oil, onion, plum tomatoes, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lamb Chops with White Beans and Gremolata | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 8 rib lamb chops, frenched and trimmed of all fat (1 1/2 pounds total); Vegetable-oil cooking spray; 1/3 cup chopped onion; 3/4 pound plum tomatoes, finely chopped (about 2 cups); 1 tablespoon minced garlic (about three cloves); 1 teaspoon finely chopped fresh rosemary leaves; 1 cup chicken broth, skimmed of fat; 2 cups rinsed and drained canned small white beans (about one and a half 15-ounce cans); About 3 tablespoons gremolata (recipe follows) | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 400 degrees. Pat lamb chops dry and season with salt and pepper. Lightly spray a large, shallow, flameproof casserole or heavy ovenproof skillet (about 12 inches in diameter) with vegetable oil and heat over moderately high heat until hot but not smoking. In casserole, brown lamb chops about 1 1/2 minutes on each side and transfer to a plate. Add onion to casserole and cook, stirring, over moderately low heat until softened. Add tomatoes, garlic, and rosemary and cook over moderate heat, stirring, 1 minute. Stir in broth and beans, and simmer, stirring occasionally, 3 minutes.  <END>
INPUT: long grain rice, water, salt, mushrooms, scallions
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mushroom Rice | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup long-grain rice; 1 cup water; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/2 pound mushrooms; 2 scallions; 1 tablespoon unsalted butter; 1/4 cup dry white wine | INSTRUCTIONS: In a 1 1/2-quart heavy saucepan bring rice and water with salt to a boil. Stir rice once and cook, covered, over moderately low heat 15 minutes. Remove pan from heat and let rice stand, covered, 5 minutes. While rice is cooking, cut mushrooms into 1/4-inch-thick slices and chop scallions. In a skillet heat butter over moderately high heat until foam subsides and sauté mushrooms with salt to taste until golden and any liquid mushrooms give off is evaporated. Add wine and simmer, stirring occasionally, until wine is evaporated. Fluff rice with a fork and stir in mushrooms and scallions. In a 1 1 <END>
INPUT: roast, rack, cleaned pork loin, Salt Pepper taste, Parsnips, olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pork Roast on Parsnip Rack | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 to 5 pound cleaned pork loin; Salt and Pepper to taste; Parsnips, cut in half; 2 tablespoons olive oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Salt and pepper pork. Sear in hot pan, place on top of parsnips which are cut in half and oiled, roast at 375 degrees for 35 to 40 minutes; <END>
INPUT: corona beans, water, bay leaves, Salt, Spanish olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: White Beans and Saffron | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 pounds dried large corona beans, soaked overnight in water in refrigerator; 5 quarts water; 3 bay leaves; Salt; 4 tablespoons Spanish olive oil; 2 large white onions, finely diced; 3 cloves garlic, finely chopped; 1/2 cup finely chopped flat leaf parsley; 1 teaspoon saffron stems; Ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Drain soaked beans. Place in a large pot with fresh water, bring to a boil, and reduce heat. Simmer for 1 1/2 to 2 hours with bay leaves. Add 1 teaspoon salt after simmering for 1 hour. In a saute pan over medium heat, heat olive oil. Add onions and saute until translucent. Add garlic and cook for 1 minute. Add parsley and saffron, allow to cook for 1 minute more, and remove from heat. Drain the cooked beans of excess water. Return the beans to the pot and add cooked onion mixture. Combine and reheat. Check seasoning and serve.; <END>
INPUT: Asian, shortbread, cookies, candied ginger, vanilla bean, unsalted butter, powdered sugar, egg yolks
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate Ginger Shortbread Cookies | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 4 to 6 pieces candied ginger; 1/2 vanilla bean; 3/4 cup cold unsalted butter, cubed; 1 cup powdered sugar; 4 large egg yolks; Pinch baking powder; Pinch salt; 1/2 cup unsweetened Dutch processed cocoa powder; 1 2/3 cups all-purpose flour; 8 ounces white chocolate, tempered; Cocoa butter; Powdered food colors, as desired | INSTRUCTIONS: Use a rolling pin to mash the candied ginger into a paste. Use a sharp knife to slice the vanilla bean lengthwise. Separate the seeds from the outside skin by scraping the blade of the knife along the inside of the bean. Place the vanilla bean seeds, butter, sugar, egg yolks, and ginger in a medium-size mixing bowl and beat with an electric mixer on low speed until the ingredients are combined, about 1 minute. Combine the baking powder, salt, cocoa powder and flour and add to the butter mixture all at once. Beat on low speed just until combined, about 1 minute. Do not overmix the dough or it w <END>
INPUT: Indian, dark sugar, dark chile powder, good quality paprika, kosher salt, butcher grind
OUTPUT: TITLE: Smoked Beef Short Ribs | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups packed dark brown sugar; 1 cup dark chile powder; 1 cup good-quality paprika; 1 cup kosher salt; 1 cup butcher-grind (coarse) black pepper; 2 tablespoons ground cumin; 2 tablespoons curry powder; 4 plates beef chuck short ribs; Barbecue sauce, for serving (see Cook's Note) | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: a smoker and Texas post oak wood Heat a smoker to 250 degrees F preferably using Texas post oak wood. Mix the brown sugar, chile powder, paprika, salt, pepper, cumin and curry in a large bowl by hand into a uniform color and consistency. Set aside. Remove the beef ribs from their packaging and rinse under cold water. Trim any large fatty areas off the top of the ribs. Turn the ribs over and remove all of the silver skin. Pack the rub only on the top and sides of the ribs; you want it about 1/8 inch thick. Smoke the ribs until they register a consistent interior temperature o <END>
INPUT: tetrazzini, vegetable oil, shallot, garlic, mushrooms, parsley
OUTPUT: TITLE: Turkey Tetrazzini | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons vegetable oil; 1 shallot, chopped; 1 garlic clove, minced; 1 pound mushrooms, sliced; 3 tablespoons chopped parsley; 2 tablespoons thyme leaves; 2 bay leaves; Salt and pepper, to taste; Grated lemon zest; 2 cups chicken broth, low sodium; 4 tablespoons butter; 1/4 cup flour; 1 egg yolk, lightly beaten; 1 cup milk; 4 pounds cooked turkey breast, chunks or tenders | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Coat a skillet with oil and put over medium heat. Add shallot and garlic, cook, stirring, until translucent, about 3 minutes. Add the mushrooms and herbs and saute for 3 to 5 minutes until lightly browned. Season with salt and pepper. Transfer the mushrooms to a glass bowl, grate in the zest of a lemon, then cover with plastic wrap to infuse the flavor. Set aside. Heat the chicken broth in a medium saucepan and keep warm over low heat. Melt butter in the skillet and stir in the flour to make a roux. Cook, stirring constantly, for 3 minutes. Whisk in the warm stoc <END>
INPUT: Indian, soup, lentils, serrano chile pepper, tomato, piece ginger, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spicy Lentil Soup | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups red lentils, picked over and rinsed; 1 serrano chile pepper, chopped (remove seeds for less heat); 1 large tomato, roughly chopped; 1 1 1/2-inch piece ginger, peeled and grated; 3 cloves garlic, finely chopped; 1/4 teaspoon ground turmeric; Kosher salt; 1/4 cup roughly chopped fresh cilantro, plus more for topping; 1/4 cup Greek yogurt; Naan or other flatbread, for serving | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine the lentils and 7 cups warm water in a pot, cover and bring to a boil. Add the chile pepper, tomato, ginger, garlic, turmeric and 2 teaspoons salt. Partially cover and simmer over medium-low heat, stirring frequently, until thickened, 18 to 20 minutes. Stir in the cilantro. Thin the soup with water, if desired, and season with salt. Mix the yogurt with 2 teaspoons water and a pinch of salt in a small bowl. Ladle the soup into bowls and top with the yogurt and more cilantro. Serve with naan. Photograph by Antonis Achilleos <END>
INPUT: unsalted butter, turnips, water, lemon juice, virgin olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Braised Turnips with Poppy-Seed Bread Crumbs | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons unsalted butter; 2 pounds medium turnips (not Japanese), peeled and cut into 1-inch-thick wedges; 1 1/2 cups water; 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1 garlic clove, minced; 1 cup fine fresh bread crumbs from a baguette; 1 tablespoon poppy seeds; 1 tablespoon chopped flat-leaf parsley | INSTRUCTIONS: Braise turnips: Melt butter in a 12-inch heavy skillet over medium heat, then add turnips, water, lemon juice, and 1/2 teaspoon salt and bring to a boil. Reduce heat to low and simmer, covered, 30 minutes. Increase heat to medium and stir turnips, then briskly simmer, uncovered, until all of liquid has evaporated and turnips are glazed and just tender, 20 to 35 minutes (they should be cooked through but still retain their shape). Melt butter in a 12-inch heavy skillet over medium heat, then add turnips, water, lemon juice, and 1/2 teaspoon salt and bring to a boil. Reduce heat to low and simme <END>
INPUT: milk, vanilla bean, malted milk powder, light sugar, cinnamon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Hot Vanilla Malted | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 cups whole milk; 1 vanilla bean, seeds scraped; 2/3 cup malted milk powder; 1/4 cup packed light brown sugar; Ground cinnamon, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring the milk and vanilla seeds to a simmer in a heavy medium saucepan. Add the malted milk powder and brown sugar to the hot milk, whisking until dissolved. Remove 1 cup milk mixture and puree in a blender, about 2 minutes. Divide the milk among 4 mugs and top with the pureed milk and a sprinkle of cinnamon. BYOC: This is a perfect drink for after spending some time out in the cold. Make this for the kids and add a little light rum for the adults. <END>
INPUT: cakes, low sodium vegetable, kosher salt, pepper, cayenne pepper, grits
OUTPUT: TITLE: Braised Collard Greens on Grits Cakes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 cups low-sodium canned vegetable broth; 1 teaspoon kosher salt; 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground white pepper, plus more to taste; 1/2 teaspoon cayenne pepper; 1 cup instant white grits; 1/2 cup shredded Monterey Jack; Instant flour, for dredging (recommended: Wondra); 1/4 cup olive oil; 4 cups Smoked Turkey Stock, recipe follows; 1 large bunch collard greens, stemmed and chopped; 2 teaspoons cider vinegar; 1 pound smoked turkey wings; 1 large onion, chopped into 1-inch pieces; 1 large carrot, sliced into 1/2-inch pieces; 1 rib celery, sliced into 1-inch pieces | INSTRUCTIONS: Butter a half-sheet pan (about 12 by 17 inches), line it with parchment paper, and butter the parchment paper. Set aside. Bring the broth, salt, white pepper, and cayenne to a boil in a medium saucepan over high heat. With broth mixture at a boil, gradually pour in the grits, while whisking constantly. After the grits are incorporated, reduce heat to a simmer, and cook, stirring constantly, until the grits are thick, about 5 minutes. Add the cheese and stir until melted. Spread the grits in an even layer about 1/2-inch thick in the prepared pan and refrigerate until set and firm, at least 1 ho <END>
INPUT: all purpose flour, salt, sugar, egg
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sugar Cookies | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 1/2 cups all-purpose flour; 3/4 teaspoon salt; 1 1/2 sticks (3/4 cup) unsalted butter, softened; 3/4 cup sugar; 1 large egg; 1 teaspoon vanilla; Special equipment: 3- to 4-inch holiday cookie cutters; several small heavy-duty sealable plastic bags (not pleated) if icing cookies; Garnish:decorating icing (optional); food coloring (optional) | INSTRUCTIONS: Whisk together flour and salt in a small bowl. Beat together butter and sugar in a large bowl with an electric mixer at medium-high until pale and fluffy, about 3 minutes in a stand mixer or 6 minutes with a handheld. Beat in egg and vanilla. Reduce speed to low and add flour mixture, mixing until just combined. Form dough into 2 balls and flatten each into a 6-inch disk. Chill disks, wrapped in plastic wrap, until firm, at least 1 hour. Put oven rack in middle position and preheat oven to 350°F. Roll out 1 disk of dough (keep remaining dough chilled) into an 8 1/2-inch round (1/4 inch thick)  <END>
INPUT: chips, coconut oil, Vegetable oil, sugar, smoked paprika, cayenne pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sweet and Spicy Plantain Chips | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons coconut oil, melted; Vegetable oil, for frying; 3 tablespoons brown sugar; 1 1/2 teaspoons smoked paprika; 1/2 teaspoon cayenne pepper; Pinch salt; 3 green plantains, cut into 1/2-inch-thick slices | INSTRUCTIONS: Add the coconut oil to a large skillet. Add enough vegetable oil to come about a third of the way up the sides of the skillet and heat over medium-high heat until very hot. Line a baking sheet with paper towels. Mix together the brown sugar, paprika, cayenne and salt in a small bowl and set aside. Add the plantain slices to the oil in batches and fry until golden brown on the outside, about 5 minutes. Remove from the oil and smash to a chip size with a wooden mallet or rolling pin. Return the plantains to the oil in small batches again so they do not stick together and cook for another 3 minut <END>
INPUT: American, mores, warm, vegetable oil, graham cracker crumbs, chocolate ice cream, chocolate covered graham
OUTPUT: TITLE: S'mores Ice Cream Pie with Warm Milk Chocolate Sauce | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: Nonstick vegetable oil spray; 1 1/2 cups graham cracker crumbs; 6 tablespoons (3/4 stick) unsalted butter, melted; 1 quart chocolate ice cream, slightly softened until spreadable; 2 cups coarsely chopped chocolate-covered graham crackers; 1 1/2 cups marshmallow creme; 2 cups mini marshmallows; 1/2 cup whipping cream; 5 ounces imported milk chocolate, finely chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: For crust: Preheat oven to 350°F. Spray 9-inch-diameter metal pie pan with nonstick spray. Mix graham cracker crumbs and melted butter in bowl to blend. Transfer to prepared pie pan. Press crumb mixture onto bottom and up sides of pan. Bake until crust is set and golden, about 11 minutes. Cool completely. Preheat oven to 350°F. Spray 9-inch-diameter metal pie pan with nonstick spray. Mix graham cracker crumbs and melted butter in bowl to blend. Transfer to prepared pie pan. Press crumb mixture onto bottom and up sides of pan. Bake until crust is set and golden, about 11 minutes. Cool completel <END>
INPUT: sweet Italian sausage, onions, fennel bulbs, fennel seeds
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sausage Fennel Stuffing | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound sweet Italian sausage, casing discarded; 1/2 stick (1/4 cup) unsalted butter; 2 medium-large onions, chopped fine; 1 1/2 pounds fennel bulbs (sometimes called anise, about 2 medium), stalks trimmed flush with bulbs and bulbs chopped fine (about 4 1/2 cups); 2 teaspoons fennel seeds, chopped fine; 1/4 cup Pernod or other anise-flavored aperitif; 2 teaspoons dried thyme, crumbled; 2 teaspoons dried tarragon, crumbled; 5 cups corn bread for stuffing or packaged corn bread stuffing | INSTRUCTIONS: In a 10- to 12-inch heavy skillet cook sausage over moderately high heat, stirring and breaking up lumps with a fork, until no longer pink. Transfer sausage with a slotted spoon to a large bowl. Add butter to fat remaining in skillet and cook onions, chopped fennel, fennel seeds, and salt to taste over moderate heat, stirring until fennel is softened, about 10 minutes. Add aperitif, thyme, and tarragon and cook, stirring, until most liquid is evaporated. Add mixture to sausage with corn bread or packaged stuffing and toss to combine well. Season stuffing with salt and pepper and cool completel <END>
INPUT: paillard, virgin olive oil, Salt pepper, garlic powder, zest juice lemon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Chicken Paillard with Arugula and Shaved Pecorino | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 boneless, skinless chicken breast halves; Extra-virgin olive oil; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1/4 teaspoon garlic powder; Grated zest and juice of 1/2 lemon; 1/2 teaspoon grainy mustard; 8 cups arugula or mixed greens; Shaved Pecorino Romano cheese | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat an outdoor grill to high. (If you hold your hand about 3 inches from the grill grate, you should have to move it within 3 seconds.) Arrange a chicken breast between two sheets of plastic wrap. Using a meat mallet or small heavy pan, pound the chicken evenly until it is 1/4 inch thick. Remove the plastic wrap and repeat with the remaining chicken breasts; put the paillards on a baking sheet and brush both sides of each piece lightly with oil. In a small bowl, combine 1 teaspoon salt, 1/2 teaspoon pepper and the garlic powder and sprinkle it evenly over both sides of the chicken pieces.  <END>
INPUT: Mexican, chili, virgin olive oil, onion, garlic, jalapeno pepper, chiles
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken-Corn Chili | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil; 1 small onion, chopped; 2 cloves garlic, minced; 1 large jalapeno pepper (1/2 chopped and 1/2 sliced; remove seeds for less heat); 1 4-ounce can chopped green chiles, drained; 1 teaspoon ground cumin; 2 cups low-sodium chicken broth; 2 cups shredded rotisserie chicken; 2 15-ounce cans large white beans or pinto beans (1 undrained; 1 drained and rinsed); 1 cup frozen corn, thawed; 1/2 cup chopped fresh cilantro; 1 cup shredded monterey jack or white cheddar cheese; Sour cream and cornbread, for serving (optional) | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat the olive oil in a large pot over medium heat. Add the onion and cook, stirring, until slightly soft, about 3 minutes. Add the garlic, chopped jalapeno, green chiles and cumin and cook, stirring, until the cumin is toasted, about 2 minutes. Stir in the chicken broth, chicken and beans along with the liquid from one of the cans of beans. Bring to a boil, then reduce the heat to medium low and simmer, stirring occasionally, until thickened, about 15 minutes. Using a potato masher, mash the chili until about half of the beans are broken up. Stir in the corn, cilantro and 1/2 cup cheese. Divi <END>
INPUT: custard, egg whites, cream tartar, lemon, pure vanilla extract, cake flour
OUTPUT: TITLE: Steamed Lemon Custard with Raspberries | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 large egg whites; 1/4 teaspoon cream of tartar; 1/2 lemon, zested and juiced; 1/4 teaspoon pure vanilla extract; 3 tablespoons cake flour; 1/4 cup sugar; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 20 fresh raspberries, plus more for garnish; Fresh mint leaves, for garnish; Confectioners' sugar, for dusting | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large bowl with an electric mixer or wire whisk, beat the egg whites until frothy. Add the cream of tartar, lemon juice, zest, and vanilla extract; continue to whip until the whites hold soft peaks. Sift the cake flour, sugar, and salt, together; gently fold the dry ingredients into the whites with a rubber spatula. Take 2 (6-ounce) ramekins and put 10 raspberries in the bottom of each. Spoon the batter into the ramekins and set them in a bamboo steamer with a lid. Heat 2-inches of water in a wok over medium flame, set the steamer in the wok and steam the custard for 15 to 20 minutes. Run <END>
INPUT: Italian, Kosher salt, broccoli, fusilli pasta, virgin olive oil, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Broccoli Pasta with Capicola | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: Kosher salt; 1 large bunch broccoli, cut into florets, stems peeled and thinly sliced; 10 ounces fusilli pasta; 1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil; 4 cloves garlic, chopped; 1 cup crumbled ricotta salata cheese (about 4 ounces); 2 tablespoons chopped fresh dill, mint, basil, parsley and/or chives; 2 tablespoons chopped scallions; 2 ounces deli-sliced capicola or coppa ham, cut into strips | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add the broccoli florets and stems and cook until tender but still bright green, about 3 minutes. Remove to a bowl using a slotted spoon; set aside. Return the water to a boil, then add the pasta and cook as the label directs. Reserve 2 cups cooking water, then drain the pasta and set aside. Heat the olive oil in the empty pot over medium heat. Add the garlic and cook until slightly softened, about 1 minute. Add the broccoli stems, half of the florets and 1 cup of the reserved cooking water. Cover and cook until very soft, about 12 minutes. Return t <END>
INPUT: bread flour, wheat flour, nonfat milk, egg, canola oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Whole-Wheat Cinnamon-Raisin Bread | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups bread flour, plus more for dusting; 2 cups whole-wheat flour; 1/4 cup nonfat dry milk; 1 large egg; 2 tablespoons canola oil, plus more for brushing; 3 tablespoons honey; 2 teaspoons salt; 1 1/2 teaspoons instant dry yeast; Nonstick cooking spray; 2/3 cup raisins; 1 tablespoon plus 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1/3 cup packed dark brown sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: Make the dough. Measure out 1 1/4 cups very warm water and check the temperature; it should be 120 degrees F to 130 degrees F. Combine both flours, the dry milk, egg, canola oil, honey, salt, yeast and warm water in the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the dough hook. Mix 3 minutes on the lowest setting, then increase to the next highest setting and mix 5 more minutes. The dough should be soft and sticky. Let it rise. Transfer the dough to a large bowl coated with cooking spray. Cover tightly with plastic wrap and let rise at room temperature until the dough has nearly doubled in size, about  <END>
INPUT: bisque, uncooked shrimp, celery, onion, carrot
OUTPUT: TITLE: Shrimp Bisque | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons (1/4 stick) butter; 1 pound uncooked shrimp, peeled, deveined; 2 celery stalks, diced; 1 small onion, chopped; 1 carrot, diced; 2 1/2 tablespoons chopped fresh tarragon or 2 1/2 teaspoons dried; 1 1/2 teaspoons grated lemon peel; 1 cup dry white wine; 1/4 cup brandy; 3 8-ounce bottles clam juice; 1 cup whipping cream; 3 tablespoons long-grain white rice; 2 tablespoons tomato paste | INSTRUCTIONS: Melt butter in heavy large Dutch oven over medium heat. Add shrimp and sauté until just cooked through, about 4 minutes. Using slotted spoon, transfer shrimp to bowl. Add celery, onion, carrot, tarragon and lemon peel to Dutch oven. Sauté until vegetables are soft, about 8 minutes. Add white wine and brandy and boil 2 minutes. Add clam juice, whipping cream, rice and tomato paste. Cover pot and simmer until rice is very tender, stirring occasionally, about 20 minutes. Purée soup in batches in blender. Return to Dutch oven. Place all but 6 shrimp in blender. Add 3 cups soup and blend until shri <END>
INPUT: water, tapioca pearls, satsumas clementines, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tea-Poached Pears with Tapioca Pearls and Satsumas | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 quarts water; 1 cup large white tapioca pearls (1/4 inch in diameter); 4 firm satsumas or clementines, divided; 5 cups water; 2/3 cup sugar; 1/3 cup mild honey; 2 (3-inch) cinnamon sticks; 2 (3- by 1-inch) strips lemon zest; 2 whole star anise or 1 teaspoon pieces; 1 oolong or black tea bag; 4 firm-ripe Anjou or Comice pears (2 pounds); Equipment: a 1-quart measuring cup | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook tapioca pearls: Bring water to a vigorous boil in a large heavy pot, then add tapioca pearls and return to a boil. Reduce heat to medium-low and gently boil, covered, stirring occasionally, until tapioca pearls are almost transparent, 1 1/2 to 2 hours. Remove from heat and stir mixture, then let stand, covered, until liquid is thick and pearls are transparent, about 45 minutes. Drain in a colander and rinse with cold water, then drain well and transfer to a large bowl. Bring water to a vigorous boil in a large heavy pot, then add tapioca pearls and return to a boil. Reduce heat to medium- <END>
INPUT: Indian, Champagne vinegar, mustard seeds, Dijon mustard, coriander seeds, Coarse kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mustard and Coriander Roasted Potatoes | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup Champagne vinegar; 2 tablespoons mustard seeds; 6 tablespoons Dijon mustard; 1 tablespoon coriander seeds, crushed; Coarse kosher salt; 3 pounds russet potatoes, peeled, cut into 1 1/2- to 2-inch cubes; 6 tablespoons vegetable oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 425°F. Bring vinegar and mustard seeds to boil in small saucepan. Reduce heat; simmer until almost dry, stirring occasionally, about 5 minutes. Transfer to large bowl. Add Dijon mustard and coriander. Season with coarse salt and pepper. Place potatoes in large saucepan; add water to cover by 1 inch; sprinkle with coarse salt. Boil 3 minutes. Drain; return to pan. Cook over medium-high heat until dry, shaking pan occasionally, 3 minutes. Meanwhile, drizzle 6 tablespoons oil over large rimmed baking sheet. Place sheet in oven 10 minutes to heat. Add potatoes to mustard mixture; t <END>
INPUT: chopped, onions, chicken fat, chicken livers, Salt pepper, Radish
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chopped Liver | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 medium onions, diced; 1/2 cup chicken fat; 1 pound chicken livers, trimmed of membrane; Salt and pepper; Grated Black Radish; Lettuce leaves; Matza Crackers | INSTRUCTIONS: Saute onions in 1 tablespoon chicken fat, until soft. Add liver and saute about 5 minutes or until liver is cooked. Allow mixture to cool. Chop and add salt and pepper. Add enough remaining chicken fat so that mixture holds together. Season with salt and pepper. Serve with grated black radish on lettuce leaves with crackers. <END>
INPUT: cordon, bleu, Dijon mustard, Kosher salt pepper, Canadian bacon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pork Chops "Cordon Bleu" | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 (2-inch thick) rib pork chops; 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 4 (1/2 by 3-inch) slices fontina; 8 thin slices Canadian bacon; 2 cups panko bread crumbs (Japanese-style); 1 cup all-purpose flour; 3 large eggs, beaten; 3 tablespoons vegetable oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Using a small knife, make a pocket in the rounded side of each chop. Spread some of the mustard into each pocket. Season the chops with salt and pepper, inside and out. Wrap each slice of fontina with 2 slices the bacon, forming a package. Tuck 1 cheese package into each pocket. Using toothpicks, pin the pockets shut. Put the panko in a large bowl. Place the flour and eggs in separate flat bottomed bowls or lipped plates. Working with 1 pork chop at a time, dredge it in the flour, dip in the egg, and press all over into the panko. Transfer the chops to a parchment paper-lined plate. Repeat wit <END>
INPUT: herb, brined, water, coarse kosher salt, peppercorns, thyme, marjoram
OUTPUT: TITLE: Herb-Brined Turkey with Pear Gravy | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 gallons water; 1 3-pound box coarse kosher salt; 1/2 cup whole black peppercorns; 1/3 cup fresh thyme sprigs; 1/3 cup fresh marjoram sprigs; 1/3 cup fresh sage sprigs; 12 Turkish bay leaves; 1 13-pound turkey; 1/2 cup butter, room temperature pear gravy; 1/4 cup (1/2 stick) butter; 1/2 cup all purpose flour; 2 cups low-salt chicken broth; 1 cup pear juice; 2 tablespoons dark rum; 3 tablespoons chopped fresh marjoram | INSTRUCTIONS: For turkey: Stir 3 gallons water and salt in large pot until salt dissolves. Stir in peppercorns and next 4 ingredients. Add turkey to brine. Place large plate atop turkey to submerge. Place in refrigerator. Soak turkey 8 to 10 hours. Remove turkey from brine; rinse and pat dry. (Can be prepared 1 day ahead. Store uncovered in refrigerator.) Preheat oven to 450°F. Place turkey on rack in large roasting pan. Rub butter over turkey. Sprinkle with salt and pepper. Place turkey in oven. Reduce temperature to 325°F. Roast turkey until thermometer inserted into thickest part of thigh registers 175°F <END>
INPUT: Italian, salad, wheat fusilli other, walnuts, crumbled feta cheese, onion, baby spinach leaves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Whole-Wheat Pasta Salad with Walnuts and Feta Cheese | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 pound whole-wheat fusilli or other spiral shaped pasta; 1/2 cup walnuts; 1/2 cup crumbled feta cheese; 1/2 cup diced red onion; 1 1/2 cups chopped baby spinach leaves; 2 tablespoons walnut oil; 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar; 1 clove of garlic, minced (about 1/2 teaspoon); 1/2 teaspoon Dijon mustard; Salt; Freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Cook the pasta according to the directions on the package. Drain the pasta, rinse it under cold water, and put it in the refrigerator to chill. In a dry saute pan toast the walnuts over a medium-high flame until they are fragrant, about 2 minutes. Set the walnuts aside to cool then chop them coarsely. In a large bowl, toss together the chilled pasta, walnuts, feta cheese, onion, and spinach. In a small bowl whisk the oil, vinegar, garlic and mustard. Pour the dressing over the pasta salad and toss to combine. Season with salt and pepper. <END>
INPUT: American, muffins, frosting, bacon, all purpose flour, cornmeal, salt, baking powder
OUTPUT: TITLE: Bacon Corn Muffins with Savory Cream Cheese Frosting | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 8 strips bacon; 3/4 cup all-purpose flour; 1/2 cup cornmeal; 3/4 teaspoon salt; 2 teaspoons baking powder; 2 tablespoons brown sugar; 3/4 cup milk; 1 egg; 3 tablespoons butter, melted; 1 tablespoon reserved bacon fat; 8 ounces cream cheese, softened; 2 tablespoons honey; 1 tablespoon hot sauce; 1 bunch chives, sliced | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: 2 (24-count) nonstick mini muffin tins, Pastry Bag Preheat oven to 375 degrees F. Place bacon onto a baking sheet and bake until crisp about 12 minutes. Remove from baking sheet and place onto a plate lined with a paper towel. Reserve 1 tablespoon of the bacon fat. Once bacon is cool enough to handle, chop into small pieces. Spray a 24-count mini muffin tray with non-stick cooking spray and set aside. In a large bowl combine flour, cornmeal, salt, baking powder, and brown sugar. In a separate bowl whisk the milk and egg. Whisk the milk mixture, melted butter and bacon fat in <END>
INPUT: Italian, gelati, size deep tomatoes, Simple Syrup, coarse kosher salt, basil leaves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tomato, Basil, and Ricotta Gelati | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 2 pounds medium-size deep-red ripe tomatoes (such as Early Girl), halved, seeded, cored, coarsely chopped; 1 cup chilled Simple Syrup; Pinch of coarse kosher salt; 1 1/2 cups Simple Syrup; 3 cups fresh basil leaves (slightly packed; about 2 ounces); 6 tablespoons water; 2 cups fresh whole-milk ricotta cheese (about 16 ounces); 1/4 cup whole milk; 3/4 cup chilled Simple Syrup; 1 cup sugar; 1/3 cup water; 12 small cherry tomatoes (such as Sweet 100s) or teardrop tomatoes; Vegetable oil (for frying); 12 fresh basil leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: For tomato gelato: Puree tomatoes in processor until smooth. Strain through fine sieve, pressing on solids to release enough tomato puree to measure 2 cups. Discard any remaining puree and solids in strainer. Add 1 cup chilled Simple Syrup and pinch of coarse kosher salt to strained tomato puree; stir to blend. Transfer tomato mixture to ice cream maker and process according to manufacturer's instructions. Transfer gelato to container; cover and freeze until firm, about 3 hours. DO AHEAD: Can be made 2 days ahead. Keep frozen. Puree tomatoes in processor until smooth. Strain through fine sieve <END>
INPUT: sauce, chicken drumettes, chicken legs, Kosher salt pepper, pepper flakes, rosemary
OUTPUT: TITLE: Crispy Chicken with Spicy Pear Cranberry Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 16 chicken drumettes; 8 chicken legs; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 teaspoon red pepper flakes; 4 sprigs fresh rosemary; Two 15-ounce cans sliced or halved pears in pear juice; Juice of 1 lime; 1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil; Canola oil, for frying; 2 cups all-purpose flour; Cayenne pepper; 1 shallot, finely chopped; Half a 15-ounce can cranberry jelly; 1 tablespoon unsalted butter; Arugula, for serving | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Put the drumettes and chicken legs into separate shallow dishes and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Add 1/2 teaspoon red pepper flakes and 2 rosemary sprigs to each dish. Drain the pears and save the juice and pears. Reserve 2 tablespoons juice for the salad dressing. Pour the remaining juice from 1 can of pears over each dish and toss to coat evenly. Cover and refrigerate for at least 1 hour or up to overnight. Make the dressing by whisking together the reserved 2 tablespoons pear juice, lime juice, olive oil, and salt and pepper to taste. Cover and refrigerate u <END>
INPUT: Asian, rounds onion, shiitake mushrooms, radishes, baby bok choy, orange bell pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Asian Chicken with Bok Choy, Shiitake Mushrooms, and Radishes | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 8 1/3-inch-thick rounds red onion; 8 large shiitake mushrooms, stemmed; 8 red radishes, trimmed, halved; 4 baby bok choy, halved lengthwise; 1 large orange bell pepper, cut lengthwise into 8 strips; 1 1/4 cups Mango-Sesame Dressing , divided; 6 boneless chicken breast halves with skin; Nonstick vegetable oil spray | INSTRUCTIONS: Arrange all vegetables on large rimmed baking sheet. Brush vegetables lightly on both sides with 1/3 cup Mango-Sesame Dressing; sprinkle with salt and pepper. Arrange chicken on sheet of foil. Brush both sides of chicken with 1/3 cup dressing, then sprinkle with salt and pepper. Arrange all vegetables on large rimmed baking sheet. Brush vegetables lightly on both sides with 1/3 cup Mango-Sesame Dressing; sprinkle with salt and pepper. Arrange chicken on sheet of foil. Brush both sides of chicken with 1/3 cup dressing, then sprinkle with salt and pepper. Do ahead Vegetables and chicken can be p <END>
INPUT: salad, bulbs fennel, arugula, oranges, virgin olive oil, olives
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fennel and Orange Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 bulbs fennel; 2 bunches arugula; 3 oranges; Extra virgin olive oil; 1/2 cup chopped green olives; Salt and pepper, to taste | INSTRUCTIONS: Using the safety guard on a mandoline, thinly slice the fennel bulbs. Wash and thoroughly dry the arugula. Peel and supreme the oranges. Squeeze orange juice out of remaining orange skins. Whisk in some olive oil, season with salt and pepper. Set aside. In a large bowl toss together fennel slices, orange slices, arugula and chopped olives. Add orange-olive oil dressing and toss.; <END>
INPUT: salad, herbs, garlic, kosher salt more, Aleppo pepper pepper, wine vinegar, olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken Salad with Herbs and Aleppo Pepper | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 garlic cloves, crushed; 2 teaspoons kosher salt plus more; 1 tablespoon Aleppo pepper or 1/2 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes; 4 tablespoons red wine vinegar, divided; 4 tablespoons plus 1/2 cup olive oil, divided; 3 tablespoons chopped fresh oregano, divided; Freshly ground black pepper; 1 3 1/2- to 4-pound chicken, cut into quarters; 2 6" pita breads, split; 1 1/2 teaspoon za'atar; 1/2 cup chopped fresh flat-leaf parsley; 3 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 4 cups baby lettuce leaves, or 1 head of Bibb lettuce, leaves torn; 1/2 cup fresh mint leaves; 1/4 cup fresh cilantro leaves with tender stems | INSTRUCTIONS: Using a large knife, chop 4 garlic cloves; sprinkle with 2 teaspoons kosher salt and mash to a paste using the side of the knife blade. Transfer to a small bowl and whisk in Aleppo pepper, 3 tablespoons vinegar, 2 tablespoons oil, and 2 tablespoons oregano; season marinade with black pepper. Place chicken in a resealable plastic bag; add marinade, seal bag, and turn to coat. Chill at least 2 hours or up to 12 hours. Place a rack in middle of oven and preheat to 400°F. Remove chicken pieces from marinade, season with salt and pepper, and place on a wire rack set inside a large rimmed baking she <END>
INPUT: canola oil, crab legs, ginger, rosemary, jerk spice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Jerk Crab | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons canola oil; 20 crab legs, cracked; 8 thin slices peeled fresh ginger; 1 sprig fresh rosemary; 1 teaspoon jerk spice; Juice of 1 lime; 2 tablespoons water; 1 tablespoon butter; 1/4 cup chopped fresh flat-leaf parsley; 2 tablespoons celery leaves; Salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. In an oven-proof skillet, heat the oil and saute the crab legs with the ginger, jerk spice, and rosemary. Cut the lime in half and squeeze the juice. Add the lime juice to the skillet. Add the water and toss to coat the crab. Put in the oven and cook for 4 to 5 minutes until the crab heats through and is flavored with the spices and herbs. Add the butter and toss with parsley and celery leaves. Season with salt and pepper and serve. <END>
INPUT: court, bouillon, onion, carrot, celery, garlic, parsley
OUTPUT: TITLE: Court Bouillon for Poaching Fish | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 onion, peeled and chopped; 1 carrot, peeled and sliced 1/2-inch thick; 1 stalk of celery, peeled and sliced 1/2-inch thick; 1 head of garlic, halved horizontally; 3 sprigs parsley; 3 sprigs thyme; 1 bay leaf; 10 peppercorns; 2 teaspoons fennel seed; 1 teaspoon coriander seed; 1/2 cup white vinegar or 1 1/2 cups dry white wine; 2 tablespoons coarse salt; 2 quarts water; 4 6 ounce firm fleshed fish fillets, such as salmon, bass, or snapper, skin removed; 1 teaspoon oil or butter | INSTRUCTIONS: For the bouillon: Place all ingredients in medium saucepan and bring to a boil. Lower heat and simmer uncovered for 20 to 30 minutes. Strain and reserve. Can be refrigerated 3 days or frozen for months. For the fish: Run fingers over fish fillets to feel for tiny bones; if there are any, remove with needlenose pliers or tweezers. Lightly oil or butter the bottom of a deep skillet big enough to fit fish fillets in a single layer and place fish thus in skillet. Bring court bouillon to a simmer. Gently pour court bouillon over the fish, covering completely. Turn heat on very low so that liquid st <END>
INPUT: American, crust, unbleached all purpose, cake flour, salt, unsalted butter, lard vegetable shortening
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cheddar Crust Apple Pie | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/4 cups unbleached all-purpose flour; 1/4 cup cake flour; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 1 stick unsalted butter, frozen solid, slightly thawed; 2 tablespoons lard or vegetable shortening, frozen solid, slightly thawed; 1 cup grated extra-sharp Cheddar cheese; 2 teaspoons white vinegar mixed with 1/3 cup very cold water; 6 to 7 large Delicious apples (3 pounds), peeled, cored and sliced thinly into 1/16-inch thick slices; 2 tablespoons freshly-squeezed lemon juice; 1 cup sugar, plus additional for sprinkling; 1/3 cup unbleached all-purpose flour; 3/4 teaspoon cinnamon; 3/8 teaspoon salt; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened; 1 egg beaten with 1 tablespoon cold water, for glaze | INSTRUCTIONS: Make dough: In workbowl of a food processor fitted with metal blade combine flours and salt. Cut butter and lard into small pieces, add to workbowl and process 5 seconds. Add cheese and pulse on-off 2 times to mix. With motor running, pour in enough vinegar mixture in a slow steady stream for dough to form a ball; process 10 to 15 seconds. Turn dough out onto work surface. If dough appears too dry, work in 1 to 2 more teaspoons water. Specks of butter and cheese will be visible in dough. Shape dough into a disk, wrap in plastic wrap and chill at least 2 hours or overnight before using. Make fi <END>
INPUT: Asian, triangles, buttter, carton tofu, peanut sesame oil, scallions including greens, sesame seeds, regular soy sauce
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tofu Triangles in Creamy Nut Buttter Sauce with Scallions | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1 carton firm tofu, drained; 2 tablespoons peanut or sesame oil, for frying; 2 scallions including the greens, thinly sliced on the diagonal; 1 tablespoon toasted white or black sesame seeds; 1/4 cup regular soy sauce; 1 tablespoon tamari; 1/4 cup sesame paste, peanut butter, or cashew butter; 2 tablespoons rice wine vinegar; 2 tablespoons white or light brown sugar; 1/2 teaspoon red pepper flakes or chili oil; 2 scallions, finely chopped; 1/3 cup water or stock; Pinch salt | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. Slice the tofu crosswise into scant 1/ 2-inch slabs, then cut each slab into 2 triangles. Blot with paper towels. 2. Heat a large cast-iron or nonstick skillet and add the oil. When hot, add the tofu and fry over medium-high heat until golden. Turn and cook on the second side. 3. Meanwhile, combine all the ingredients for the sauce in a small food processor and puree until smooth. Taste for salt and add a little extra, if needed. 4. When the tofu is done, pour in half the sauce and cook until bubbling and partially reduced. 5. Turn off the heat, scatter the scallions and sesame seeds over t <END>
INPUT: truffles, savoy cabbage, truffle butter, Salt, butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Poached Pheasant with Savoy Cabbage, Butternut Squash, and Black Truffles | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 head savoy cabbage; 4 teaspoons truffle butter; 4 boneless, skinless pheasant breasts; Salt; 2 tablespoons butter; 2 1/4 cups medium-diced butternut squash; 1/2 cup water; 1 ounce black truffle, for garnish; Sea salt, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Remove any scuffed cabbage leaves. Then peel off 8 of the outermost, larger green leaves and remove the tough core with a pairing knife. Have a ready a bowl of ice water. Bring a pot of salted water to a boil and blanch the 8 cabbage leaves until tender but not falling apart, 2 to 3 minutes. Immediately shock the leaves in the ice water to stop the cooking. Dry the leaves thoroughly between paper towels and set aside. Lay one very long piece of plastic wrap on the counter. Lay 2 cabbage leaves on the plastic wrap, overlapping just a bit. Dot the cabbage with 1 teaspoon of the truffle butter. S <END>
INPUT: shrimp, olive oil, garlic, rosemary leaves, hot pepper flakes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spicy Garlic Rosemary Shrimp | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound medium shrimp, deveined, peeled, tail end left on; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 2 cloves garlic, thinly sliced; 1 tablespoon minced fresh rosemary leaves; 1 teaspoon hot red pepper flakes; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; Lemon juice | INSTRUCTIONS: To a large skillet, add olive oil and garlic slices and cook over moderate heat until golden. Remove garlic chips. To the skillet, add rosemary, pepper flakes, and shrimp, and cook, stirring, until just cooked through, about 3 minutes. Season with salt and pepper, to taste, and transfer to serving dish. Squeeze some lemon juice over shrimp. <END>
INPUT: American, casserole, beans, condensed cream tomato, horseradish, Worcestershire sauce, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Green Bean Casserole | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound green beans; One 10 3/4-ounce can condensed cream of tomato soup; 3 tablespoons prepared horseradish; 1 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 1/4 teaspoon paprika; Dry bread crumbs; (Paprika—about 1/2 teaspoon per cup); Dots of butter; Grated Cheddar, Romano, or Parmesan; 1 pound green beans; Butter for greasing baking dish; 3/4 cup milk; One 10 3/4-ounce can condensed cream of mushroom soup; 2/3 cup canned French-fried onion rings, plus additional 1/2 cup | INSTRUCTIONS: I: Preheat the oven to 350°F. Wash and trim the stem ends from green beans. Place in a greased 8 x 8 x 2-inch baking dish. In a medium bowl, mix cream of tomato soup, horseradish, Worcestershire sauce, salt, and paprika. Pour over beans and bake, covered, about 1 hour Top with au gratin ingredients, below. Heat in broiler until the cheese is melted. Preheat the oven to 350°F. Wash and trim the stem ends from green beans. Place in a greased 8 x 8 x 2-inch baking dish. In a medium bowl, mix cream of tomato soup, horseradish, Worcestershire sauce, salt, and paprika. Pour over beans and bake, cove <END>
INPUT: ribbons, onions, olive oil, celery
OUTPUT: TITLE: Braised Onion Ribbons with Celery | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 1/2 pounds onions, halved lengthwise and cut crosswise into 1/2-inch-thick slices; 1/4 cup olive oil; 7 celery ribs, cut diagonally into 1/2-inch-thick slices | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large heavy skillet cook the onions in the oil, covered, over moderately low heat, stirring occasionally, for 45 minutes. Season the onions with salt and pepper and cook them, uncovered, over moderately high heat, stirring occasionally, for 30 minutes, or until they are tender and beginning to turn golden. Add the celery and cook the mixture, stirring, for 5 minutes, or until the celery is crisp-tender. Serves 6. In a large heavy skillet cook the onions in the oil, covered, over moderately low heat, stirring occasionally, for 45 minutes. Season the onions with salt and pepper and cook the <END>
INPUT: cashews, salt, cayenne, confectioners sugar, vegetable oil deep
OUTPUT: TITLE: Candied Cashews | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups raw cashews (9 ounces); 1/2 teaspoon salt, or to taste; 1/8 teaspoon cayenne, or to taste; 1/8 cup confectioners sugar; About 3 cups vegetable oil for deep-frying; Special equipment: a deep-fat thermometer | INSTRUCTIONS: Cover cashews with water in a 1 1/2- to 2-quart saucepan and simmer until slightly softened, about 4 minutes. Drain, then transfer to paper towels to dry, 40 to 50 minutes. Stir together salt and cayenne. Toss cashews with sugar in a bowl, then shake in a sieve to remove excess. Heat 1 1/2 inches oil in dried saucepan over moderate heat until it registers 375°F on thermometer. Fry cashews in 3 batches, stirring frequently, until deep golden brown and crisp, 2 to 3 minutes per batch. Transfer with a slotted spoon to a baking sheet as fried and sprinkle with some cayenne mixture. (Return oil to  <END>
INPUT: American, lemon, rosemary, heavy cream, milk, sugar, salt, eggs
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lemon-Rosemary Olive Oil Cake with Blackberry-Raspberry Ice Cream and a Black Sea Salt Sugar Cookie | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups heavy cream; 2 cups whole milk; 1 1/2 cups sugar; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 3 eggs; 1 cup blackberry puree; 1 cup raspberry puree; 1/3 cup sugar; 2 cups sugar; 3 eggs; 1 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 2 cups flour; 1 teaspoon kosher salt; 1/2 teaspoon baking powder; 1/2 teaspoon baking soda | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: a 9-inch springform pan or 8 individual springform pans For the blackberry-raspberry ice cream: Place the cream, milk, sugar and salt in a saucepan and bring to a low simmer. Whisk the eggs in a bowl. When cream mixture reaches 130 degrees F on a thermometer, quickly whisk in the eggs. Cook, stirring constantly, until the thermometer registers 170 degrees F. Remove from the heat and pour the custard through a fine-mesh sieve. Whisk the blackberry puree into the custard, then cool over an ice bath. Transfer to an ice cream maker and freeze according to manufacturer's instruct <END>
INPUT: Asian, sour, pineapple juice, soy sauce, cornstarch, rice vinegar, vegetable oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sweet-and-Sour Scallops | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 cup pineapple juice; 1 1/2 tablespoons soy sauce; 4 teaspoons cornstarch; 2 teaspoons rice vinegar; 2 tablespoons vegetable oil; 6 green onions, chopped; 4 garlic cloves, chopped; 2 tablespoons chopped peeled fresh ginger; 1 tablespoon chopped seeded jalapeño chili; 1 pound sea scallops, cut horizontally in half; 2 small red bell peppers, thinly sliced into strips; 1 small head of bok choy, coarsely chopped (about 4 cups) | INSTRUCTIONS: Stir pineapple juice, soy sauce, cornstarch, and vinegar in small bowl until cornstarch dissolves. Heat oil in heavy large skillet over high heat. Add green onions, garlic, ginger, and chili and stir 1 minute. Add scallops, red bell peppers, and bok choy to skillet. Stir-fry until scallops are almost cooked through, about 4 minutes. Stir cornstarch mixture to reblend and add to skillet. Stir until sauce comes to boil and thickens and vegetables and scallops are cooked through, about 1 minute. Season with salt and pepper. Stir pineapple juice, soy sauce, cornstarch, and vinegar in small bowl un <END>
INPUT: Asian, soup, coconut milk, sugar, gelee bavaroise, Caramelized Lychees, Mango Tofu
OUTPUT: TITLE: Coconut Soup with Caramelized Lychees and Mango Tofu | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1 quart coconut milk; 4 1/2 ounces sugar; 3 tablespoons gelee bavaroise; Caramelized Lychees, recipe follows; Mango Tofu, recipe follows; 24 to 32 lychee fruits; Orange Marmalade, recipe follows; 2 cups sugar; 2 cups water; 2 pounds oranges, peeled and seeded; 1 pound sugar; 7 ounces water; 13 cups mango puree; 4 ounces gelatin; 1 quart cream | INSTRUCTIONS: In a heavy saucepan, heat the coconut milk and sugar over medium-low heat until the mixture reaches 120 degrees F. Add the gelee, and stir to incorporate. Remove from the heat and pour into a bowl. Refrigerate until completely chilled. Do not serve until soup is very cold. Ladle soup into bowls and float the Caramelized Lychees and Mango Tofu in the soup. Peel and pit the lychees. Fill the hole where the pit was with Orange Marmalade and set aside. Make a simple syrup by combining the sugar and water in a heavy small saucepan; bring to a boil over high heat and cook just until all the sugar di <END>
INPUT: spread, coarse bread crumbs, walnuts, wine vinegar, cumin
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Red Pepper and Walnut Spread | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 (7-to 8-ounces) jars roasted red peppers, rinsed and drained; 1 cup coarse fresh bread crumbs (from a baguette); 1 cup walnuts (4 ounces), toasted; 1 tablespoon red-wine vinegar; 1/2 teaspoon cumin; 1/8 teaspoon cayenne; 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Purée roasted red peppers, bread crumbs, walnuts, vinegar, cumin, cayenne, and 1/4 teaspoon salt in a food processor until almost smooth. With motor running, add oil in a slow stream, blending until incorporated. Purée roasted red peppers, bread crumbs, walnuts, vinegar, cumin, cayenne, and 1/4 teaspoon salt in a food processor until almost smooth. With motor running, add oil in a slow stream, blending until incorporated. <END>
INPUT: arancini, virgin olive oil, onion, garlic, arborio rice, wine
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spinach Arancini | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 1 onion, finely minced; 3 cloves garlic, finely minced; 1 1/2 cups arborio rice; 1 cup white wine; Grey salt; Freshly ground black pepper; 4 cups chicken or vegetable broth, heated; 2 cups chopped spinach; 2 tablespoons butter; 1 1/2 cups grated Parmigiano-Reggiano; 1 cup small mozzarella cubes; 2 cups all-purpose flour; 2 eggs, lightly beaten; 2 cups seasoned bread crumbs | INSTRUCTIONS: In large, deep saucepan over medium-high heat, add the olive oil. Add the onions and saute for about 1 minute. Add the garlic stir. After another 5 minutes, add the rice and white wine and a pinch of salt stir and allow to cook down for about 5 to 10 minutes. Add 2 (8-ounce) ladles of broth. Allow to absorb into rice for about 10 minutes, stirring, then add another 2 (8-ounce ladles) of broth and allow that to absorb for about 10 minutes. Season with freshly ground black pepper, to taste. Add spinach to broth and rice and stir in with sweet butter. Add 1 cup of the Parmigiano. When all ingredi <END>
INPUT: vinaigrette, garlic, olive oil drizzling, sherry vinegar, Dijon mustard, coarse salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted-Garlic Vinaigrette | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 heads garlic; olive oil for drizzling; 2 tbsp sherry vinegar; 1 tsp Dijon mustard; coarse salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 375°F. Slice the tops off the garlic so the cloves are exposed. Place the heads in a baking dish and drizzle with olive oil. Cover the pan with foil and roast until the garlic is golden brown and fragrant, 20 to 25 minutes. Remove the garlic from the oven. Cool briefly before squeezing the cloves out of their skins into the bowl of a blender. Combine the vinegar and mustard, blending until smooth. With the machine running, slowly drizzle in 3/4 cup olive oil. Keep the blender running and season with salt and pepper. Preheat the oven to 375°F. Slice the tops off the garlic s <END>
INPUT: cocktail, plums, Superfine sugar, water, honey, Prosecco
OUTPUT: TITLE: Plum Prosecco Cocktail | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 ripe plums, halved, pitted and chopped; Superfine sugar; Splash water; 1 tablespoon honey; Chilled Prosecco | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine the plums, sugar, water and honey in a food processor and process until smooth. Put a few tablespoons of the puree into chilled champagne glasses and fill them to the top with Prosecco. <END>
INPUT: pudding, sauce, half half, dark sugar, cinnamon, vanilla extract
OUTPUT: TITLE: Bread Pudding Cups with Bourbon Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Nonstick cooking spray, for spraying liners; 4 cups half-and-half; 2 cups packed dark brown sugar; 1 tablespoon ground cinnamon; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; Pinch of salt; 6 large eggs, lightly beaten; 2 cups chopped pecans; 2 sticks unsalted butter, melted; 12 slices stale cinnamon-raisin bread, torn into 1-inch pieces; 1 cup apple cider; 1 cup bourbon; 1/2 cup packed light brown sugar; 4 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. For the bread pudding cups: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Prepare a muffin tin with paper liners and spray the liners with nonstick cooking spray. (Alternatively, spray the insides of twelve 2-ounce ramekins with nonstick spray.) In a large bowl, whisk together the half-and-half, brown sugar, cinnamon, vanilla, salt and eggs. Add in the pecans, butter and bread and stir to coat. Let the mixture sit for 10 minutes. Carefully fill the muffin tins about two-thirds of the way up with the bread pudding mixture. Cook until the puddings set, about 25 minutes. For t <END>
INPUT: Italian, pizzette, refrigerated pizza dough, Fontina cheese, cherry tomatoes, Parmesan cheese, virgin olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pizzette with Fontina, Tomato, Basil, and Prosciutto | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 13.8-ounce package refrigerated pizza dough; 3/4 cup grated Fontina cheese (about 2 ounces); 8 cherry tomatoes (about 3 ounces), quartered; 2 tablespoons grated Parmesan cheese; 2 teaspoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1/3 cup thinly sliced fresh basil; 1 1/2 ounces thinly sliced prosciutto, coarsely torn into strips | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 475°F. Lightly sprinkle rimmed baking sheet with flour. Roll out pizza dough on lightly floured surface 1/4-inch thick. Using 2 1/2-inch diameter cookie cutter, cut 16 dough rounds. Arrange rounds on prepared baking sheet. Sprinkle rounds with Fontina cheese, dividing equally. Place 2 tomato quarters on each round, pressing gently into dough. Sprinkle tomatoes with Parmesan cheese. (Can be prepared 2 hours ahead. Cover and chill.) Bake pizzette until golden brown, about 12 minutes. Drizzle pizzette with olive oil, then sprinkle with basil and lightly with salt and pepper. Drape <END>
INPUT: garlic, flat leaf parsley, mint leaves, lemon zest
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Leg of Lamb | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 (7-pound) semi-boneless leg of lamb, aitchbone removed, fat trimmed to 1/4-inch thick, and lamb tied; 8 garlic cloves; 1 cup flat-leaf parsley; 1/4 cup fresh mint leaves; 2 teaspoons lemon zest; 2 lemons, juiced; 1 tablespoon kosher salt; 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 1/2 cup olive oil; Pita bread, wrapped in foil and warmed in the oven | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Pat lamb dry and score fat by making shallow cuts all over with tip of a sharp small knife. Place garlic, parsley, mint, lemon zest and juice, salt, pepper, and oil in a food processor and process until smooth. Rub the paste all over the lamb and place in a lightly oiled roasting pan. Let stand at room temperature for 30 minutes. Preheat oven to 425 degrees F. Roast lamb in middle of oven for 20 minutes, reduce heat to 350, and cook until an instant-read thermometer inserted 2 inches into thickest part of meat (not touching bone) registers 135 degrees F, about 1  <END>
INPUT: garlic, rosemary, fingerling potatoes, purple potatoes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Rosemary-Garlic Roasted Potatoes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 cloves garlic; 2 sprigs rosemary; 1/2 cup (1 stick) butter; 2 pounds brown fingerling potatoes; 2 pounds small purple potatoes; 2 pounds small red potatoes; Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper; 2 tablespoons minced fresh parsley | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Mince the garlic really finely, then strip the leaves off the rosemary sprigs and mince them finely, too. Melt the butter in a small skillet over medium heat, then throw in the rosemary and garlic. Reduce the heat to low and simmer 10 minutes, or until the butter is totally infused. Arrange all of the potatoes on baking sheets and toss with the butter mixture. Roast 35 to 45 minutes, or until the potatoes are tender and nice and golden brown. Arrange them on a large platter, add salt and pepper to taste and sprinkle the parsley over the top. Photograph by Con <END>
INPUT: mashed, baking potatoes, milk, unsalted butter, Salt pepper taste
OUTPUT: TITLE: Perfect Mashed Potatoes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 pounds baking potatoes, whole with skin; 3/4 to 1 cup milk; 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened; Salt and pepper to taste | INSTRUCTIONS: Place potatoes in a medium pot and cover with cold water. Bring to a boil, heat to a simmer. Add a generous pinch of salt and continue to simmer until potatoes are fork tender, about 20 minutes. When potatoes are done, drain and return potatoes to pot to dry slightly. Run potatoes through food mill or potato ricer into pot. Heat milk in saucepan. Add hot milk to potatoes, over heat, until smooth. Add butter and heat until finely textured and fluffy. <END>
INPUT: whipping cream, milk, egg yolks, sugar, mangoes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mango-Macadamia Nut Ice-Cream | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups whipping cream; 1 cup milk (do not use lowfat or nonfat); 6 egg yolks; 1 cup sugar; 2 large ripe mangoes (about 22 ounces), peeled, pitted, diced; 2 teaspoons fresh lime juice; 1/2 teaspoon grated lime peel; 1 cup unsalted macadamia nuts, toasted, coarsely chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring 2 cups whipping cream and 1 cup milk to boil in heavy large saucepan. Whisk yolks and sugar to blend in medium bowl. Gradually whisk hot cream into yolk mixture. Return to same saucepan. Stir over low heat until custard thickens and leaves path on back of spoon when finger is drawn across, about 5 minutes. Immediately transfer custard to blender. Add mangoes and blend until smooth. Chill custard. Stir in remaining ingredients. Process in ice cream maker according to manufacturer's instructions. Freeze ice cream in covered container. (Can be prepared 2 days ahead.) Bring 2 cups whipping c <END>
INPUT: shell, sauce, coconut oil, dark, ice cream
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate Shell Sauce for Ice Cream | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons coconut oil; 8 ounces dark, milk or bittersweet chocolate, broken into pieces; 1 pint ice cream | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat the coconut oil and chocolate over a double boiler of simmering water, stirring until melted. Turn off the heat and let cool for 5 minutes. Divide the ice cream among 3 bowls. Pour over the sauce; it will harden immediately. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, salad, unsalted, Pecorino, Kosher salt, anchovy fillet oil, olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Collard Green Salad with Cashews and Lime | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup unsalted, roasted cashews, divided; 4 tablespoons finely grated Pecorino, divided, plus shaved for serving; Kosher salt, freshly ground black pepper; 1 anchovy fillet packed in oil, drained, finely chopped; 1/4 cup olive oil; 2 tablespoons fresh lime juice; 1 teaspoon pink peppercorns, crushed, plus more for serving; 1/2 bunch collard greens, ribs and stems removed, leaves coarsely torn | INSTRUCTIONS: Process 1/2 cup cashews, 2 tablespoons grated Pecorino, and 3 tablespoons water in a food processor, thinning with more water as needed, until a smooth, creamy paste forms; season with salt and black pepper. Set cashew paste aside. Whisk anchovy, oil, lime juice, 1 teaspoon pink peppercorns, and 2 tablespoons grated Pecorino in a large bowl; season with salt and black pepper. Coarsely chop remaining 1/2 cup cashews. Add nuts and collard greens to large bowl and toss to coat, gently massaging dressing into leaves with your fingers to bruise and slightly wilt. Spread some reserved cashew paste o <END>
INPUT: American, Flank steak, shallot, soy sauce, olive oil, thyme
OUTPUT: TITLE: Marinated Flank Steak | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: Flank steak (2 pounds); 1/3 cup minced shallot; 3 tablespoons soy sauce; 1/2 cup olive oil; 3 tablespoons fresh thyme; Big dash hot sauce; 3 tablespoons freshly squeezed lemon juice | INSTRUCTIONS: Place the flank steak in a zip-lock bag. In the bag combine the minced shallot, soy sauce, olive oil, thyme, hot sauce and lemon juice. Freeze overnight. It should be thawed by the time it is needed. When ready to prepare, remove flank steak from the marinade and place on a grill pan. Grill for about 3 or 4 minutes (for rare), or up to 5 minutes for medium. <END>
INPUT: soft, chicken stock, heavy cream, nutmeg, salt, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Soft Polenta | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cups chicken stock; 1 1/2 cups heavy cream; 1/2 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg; 3/4 teaspoon salt; Pinch ground white pepper; 5 tablespoons polenta; 5 tablespoons semolina; 1/4 cup freshly grated Fontina or Telme; 1/4 cup freshly grated Parmesan, plus extra for dusting | INSTRUCTIONS: In a heavy saucepan, combine the stock and cream, and bring to a boil. Add the nutmeg and salt. Whisk in the polenta and semolina and cook over low heat for about 20 to 30 minutes, stirring often, until the grains are soft. Fold in the cheeses. Serve immediately or reserve. To encourage polenta to come cleanly out of the pan, cook over medium heat. Run a spatula or wooden spoon around the sides of the pan to clean off the polenta. Do not stir, but wait and watch for a few seconds until a large bubble begins to form and pushes the polenta upward. Pour immediately into a warm dish. The polenta c <END>
INPUT: Mexican, cumin, scented, olive oil, garlic, shallots, peppercorns, lemon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Olive Oil Poached Shrimp with Olive Tortillas, Cumin Scented Black Beans and Tomatillo Avocado Salsa | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups olive oil; 2 cloves garlic, crushed; 2 shallots, thinly sliced; 1/2 teaspoon black peppercorns; 4 slices lemon; 3 sprigs fresh thyme; 18 whole shrimp, cleaned and deveined; 3 cups baby arugula; 1 cup radishes, thinly sliced; 1 cup watercress; 1/4 cup assorted olives, cut in slivers; 3 tablespoons olive oil; 1 tablespoon rice vinegar; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; Olive Tortillas, recipe follows | INSTRUCTIONS: For the shrimp: In a medium saucepot, heat 1 tablespoon olive oil. Add the garlic and shallots and cook until translucent. Then add the black peppercorns, lemon slices, thyme and the rest of the olive oil. Bring to a boil, and then take off the heat. Let stand for 15 minutes to infuse the flavors. Return the oil to medium heat. Add the shrimp and poach until the shrimp is cooked, 3 to 4 minutes. Remove from the oil to cool. For the salad: Combine the arugula, radishes, watercress and olives in a large bowl. Toss with the olive oil and rice vinegar. Season with salt and pepper. To serve, place  <END>
INPUT: strawberry, semifreddo, shelled unsalted pistachios, sugar, milk, almond extract, vanilla bean
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pistachio, Strawberry and Vanilla Semifreddo | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup shelled unsalted pistachios; 4 tablespoons sugar, divided, plus 1/2 cup; 1 cup whole milk, divided; 1/4 teaspoon almond extract; 1 vanilla bean, halved lengthwise; 1 cup fresh strawberries (about 4 ounces), hulled, halved; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; 2 large eggs, at room temperature; 1/4 teaspoon kosher salt; 1 1/3 cups chilled heavy whipping cream | INSTRUCTIONS: Line a metal loaf pan (approximately 9x5x3") with 2 layers of plastic wrap, leaving generous overhang on all sides. Grind pistachios and 2 tablespoons sugar in a food processor until very finely chopped. Transfer pistachio mixture to a small sauce- pan. Add 1/2 cup milk; bring to a boil. Remove from heat, cover, and let steep for 20 minutes. Set a fine-mesh strainer over a medium bowl; strain, discarding solids. Stir in almond extract; set pistachio mixture aside. Place remaining 1/2 cup milk in a separate small saucepan. Scrape in seeds from vanilla bean; add bean and bring to a simmer. Re- m <END>
INPUT: Asian, tofu block, all purpose seasoning, canola olive oil, Jamaican curry powder, ginger
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tofu Chickpea Curry | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 8 ounces extra-firm tofu block, cut in 1-inch cubes; 1 teaspoon all-purpose seasoning; 2 cups plus 3 tablespoons canola or olive oil; 2 tablespoons Jamaican curry powder; 1 tablespoon minced or grated fresh ginger; 1 teaspoon minced garlic; 1 pound potatoes, peeled and cubed; 3 scallions, sliced; 1 cup canned chickpeas; 1 teaspoon ground allspice; 1 teaspoon fresh thyme; 1 small onion, diced; 1/2 Scotch bonnet chile pepper, chopped, optional; Accompaniments such as rice and fried ripe plantains | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: a deep fryer Season the tofu cubes with the all-purpose seasoning. Add 2 cups oil to a deep fryer and heat to 350 degrees F. Fry the tofu until golden brown, 3 to 5 minutes. In the meantime, on the stovetop, combine the curry powder, ginger, garlic, and 3 tablespoons oil in a pot and cook over low heat until all the ingredients combine together in a paste, 3 to 5 minutes. Add the fried tofu to the sauteed curry paste. Add the potatoes, onion, scallions, chickpeas, allspice, thyme, and scotch bonnet if using. Stir to combine. Add 2 cups water and simmer until all the ingredie <END>
INPUT: Italian, risotto, cakes, porcini mushrooms, butter, onion, arborio rice grain, low salt chicken
OUTPUT: TITLE: Porcini Risotto Cakes with Tarragon | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 ounce dried porcini mushrooms (available at Italian markets and specialty foods stores); 3 tablespoons butter; 2/3 cup chopped onion; 1 cup arborio rice or medium-grain white rice; 3 1/2 cups canned low-salt chicken broth; 1/2 cup chopped peeled carrot; 1/3 cup freshly grated Pecorino Romano cheese; 4 teaspoons chopped fresh tarragon; 1 large egg, beaten to blend; Fresh tarragon sprigs; Carrot curls | INSTRUCTIONS: Place porcini in small bowl. Pour enough boiling water over just to cover. Let stand until mushrooms soften, about 30 minutes. Rinse and drain well. Chop mushrooms and reserve. Melt 2 tablespoons butter in heavy medium saucepan over medium heat. Add chopped onion and sauté until almost tender, about 3 minutes. Add rice and stir 2 minutes. Mix in 3 cups chicken broth. Add porcini mushrooms and chopped carrot and simmer until risotto is very thick (wooden spoon drawn across bottom of pan will leave wide path) and rice is tender, stirring frequently and adding remaining chicken broth by 1/4 cupfu <END>
INPUT: Italian, pesto, risotto, arugula, parsley leaves, onions, lemon zest, wine
OUTPUT: TITLE: Shrimp with Arugula Pesto Risotto | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups fresh arugula; 1/2 cup parsley leaves; 1/4 cup chopped onions; 1 tablespoon lemon zest; 1/2 cup white wine; 1/2 cup olive oil; 1 cup Arborio rice; 1/2 ounce butter; 2 1/2 cups chicken stock, hot; Salt and pepper; 1 pound shrimp, peeled and deveined; 2 tablespoons olive oil | INSTRUCTIONS: To make the pesto combine all of the ingredients into a food processor and blend until a paste is formed and set aside. Using a saucepot, combine the rice and the butter and mix well over medium heat. Cook it stirring until a roasted aroma develops. Add the liquid in several additions, stirring the rice frequently. Cook the risotto until the rice is al dente, and most of the liquid is absorbed, it should take about 20 minutes. The texture should be creamy. Add the pesto to the risotto and mix well. Cook another minute. Saute the shrimp in olive oil until pink and tails are curled, about 3 to 5 <END>
INPUT: phyllo dough, mascarpone cheese, pineapple, raspberry yogurt, block chocolate
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mascarpone with Raspberry and Pineapple | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 sheets phyllo dough (or 12 store bought phyllo cups); 1/4 cup mascarpone cheese; 1/4 cup finely chopped pineapple, canned or fresh; 1/4 cup raspberry yogurt; Small block chocolate, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Special equipment: 2 1/2 to 3-inch cookie cutter, mini muffin tin Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Layer the phyllo sheets on top of each other. Using the cookie cutter, cut out 12 rounds and press them into the mini muffin tin. Bake until golden brown and crisp, about 7 minutes. Remove from the oven and let cool. Meanwhile, combine the mascarpone, pineapple, and raspberry yogurt in a small bowl and stir to combine. Spoon the mascarpone mixture into the phyllo cups. Using a vegetable peeler, shave some chocolate onto the top of the mascarpone mixture and serve. <END>
INPUT: Italian, black, lemon zest, lemon juice, artichokes, Parmesan, plain yogurt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Artichokes with Parmesan–Black Pepper Yogurt | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon finely grated lemon zest; 3 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, divided; 4 large artichokes, trimmed (see method, below); 1/2 cup finely grated Parmesan; 1/2 cup plain yogurt; 2 tablespoons olive oil; Kosher salt, freshly ground pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Place a metal steamer basket in a large saucepan and pour in water to a depth of 2". Add 2 tablespoons lemon juice. Bring water to a boil, then add artichokes. Cover, reduce heat, and simmer artichokes until stems and hearts are easily pierced with a paring knife, 30–40 minutes. Meanwhile, blend Parmesan, yogurt, oil, lemon zest, remaining 1 tablespoon lemon juice, and 3 tablespoons water in a blender until smooth; season with salt and a generous amount of pepper. Serve artichokes with yogurt sauce for dipping. Place a metal steamer basket in a large saucepan and pour in water to a depth of 2" <END>
INPUT: thyme leaves, garlic, peppercorns, olive oil, four frenched veal
OUTPUT: TITLE: Veal Chops with Pomegranate Jus | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons fresh thyme leaves; 6 garlic cloves; 3 tablespoons black peppercorns; 2 tablespoons olive oil; four 1 1/4inch-thick frenched veal rib chops* (each about 12 ounces); 1 bacon slice; 1 shallot; 1/2 cup dry red wine; 2 tablespoons tomato paste; 1 cup pomegranate juice**; 2 cups beef or veal stock***; *available by request from butchers; **you may squeeze fresh juice from 2 large pomegranates with a citrus juicer or purchase bottled juice at some natural foods stores and by mail order ; ***available at some specialty foods shops and by mail order from Citarella, tel. (212) 874-0383 | INSTRUCTIONS: Finely chop thyme and garlic and coarsely crush peppercorns. In a small bowl stir together thyme, garlic, peppercorns, and oil and rub over chops. Chill chops, covered, at least 3 hours and up to 1 day. Preheat oven to 350°F. Separately chop bacon and shallot. In a heavy saucepan cook bacon over moderate heat, stirring, until browned. Add shallot and cook, stirring, 1 minute. Add wine and boil until reduced to about 2 tablespoons. Add tomato paste and pomegranate juice and boil, stirring occasionally, until thickened and reduced to about 2/3 cup. Add stock and boil until thickened and reduced  <END>
INPUT: peaches, apple cider vinegar, granulated sugar, habanero chile, cinnamon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Habanero Pickled Peaches | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 pounds fresh peaches; 1 cup apple cider vinegar; 1 cup granulated sugar; 1 habanero chile, stem and seeds removed, cut in half; 2 cinnamon sticks; 1/2 teaspoon whole cloves; 2 quart-size jars with lids and bands | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. Sterilize the jars and lids in either a pot of boiling water or dishwasher. Remove jars and lids with tongs and place on a clean surface. 2. To peel the peaches, fill a large pot with water and bring to boil. Cut a small x on the top and bottom axes of each peach. Carefully drop them into the pot of boiling water and let them cook for 30 seconds. Using tongs or a long spoon, remove peaches, rinse with cold water, and then peel off the skin by gently rubbing the peach. Halve and pit the peeled peaches and put them in the jars. 3. In another pot, bring to a boil the cider vinegar and the suga <END>
INPUT: Asian, kebabs, lemongrass, shallot, garlic, vegetable oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Coconut-Marinated Short Rib Kebabs With Peanut-Chile Oil | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1 lemongrass stalk; 1 large shallot, chopped; 2 garlic cloves, chopped; 1 (1-inch) piece ginger, peeled, chopped; 1/2 cup vegetable oil; 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt; 4 guajillo or New Mexico chiles or 2 ancho chiles, seeds removed, flesh torn; 1 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes; 1/4 cup crushed salted, roasted peanuts; 2 teaspoons fish sauce; 1 1/4 pounds boneless beef short ribs; 1 lemongrass stalk; 2 garlic cloves, finely grated; 1 (2-inch) piece ginger, peeled, finely grated; 3/4 cup unsweetened coconut milk | INSTRUCTIONS: Make the peanut-chile oil: Remove tough outer layers from lemongrass. Trim off top third of stalk; discard. Bruise remaining stalk by whacking a few times against a cutting board. Transfer lemongrass to a small saucepan and add shallot, garlic, ginger, oil, and salt and bring to a gentle simmer over medium heat. Cook, reducing heat as needed to keep at a low boil, until shallot is soft and just beginning to turn golden around edges, 15–20 minutes. Remove from heat and add chiles and red pepper flakes, pushing down with a spoon and stirring occasionally until chiles soften slightly. Purée in a  <END>
INPUT: American, eggs, sugar, lemon zest, lemon juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lemon Cream Pie | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 6 large eggs; 3/4 cup sugar; 2 teaspoons grated lemon zest; 3/4 cup fresh lemon juice; 1/2 cup (1 stick) unsalted butter, cut into 8 pieces; 1 cup heavy cream, chilled; 1 prepared crumb crust | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. Combine the eggs, sugar, and lemon zest in a heavy medium-size saucepan and whisk the mixture until it is smooth. Add the lemon juice and butter and cook the mixture over medium heat, whisking constantly, until it is thickened, 7 to 9 minutes. Do not allow the mixture to come to a boil. 2. Pour the lemon curd through a fine mesh strainer into a glass bowl. Cover the surface with plastic wrap. Refrigerate the lemon curd until it is cold and thick, at least 3 hours and up to 3 days. 3. In a medium-size mixing bowl using an electric mixer, whip the heavy cream until soft peaks form. Gently fol <END>
INPUT: Indian, granola, nuts, egg whites, coconut oil, pure maple syrup, Madras curry powder, cayenne pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Savory Curry Granola with Coconut Oil, Nuts and Seeds | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 4 large egg whites; 1/2 cup coconut oil; 3 tablespoons pure maple syrup; 4 teaspoons Madras curry powder; 1 1/2 teaspoons cayenne pepper; Kosher salt; 3 cups old-fashioned rolled oats; 2 cups coconut chips; 1 cup sliced almonds; 1 cup pecan halves; 3/4 cup pepitas; 3/4 cup sunflower seeds; 1/4 cup flax seeds; 1/4 cup sesame seeds; 2 tablespoons chia seeds | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Position 2 oven racks in the upper and lower thirds of the oven and preheat the oven to 300 degrees F. Line 2 rimmed baking pans with parchment paper. In a medium bowl, whisk the egg whites until foamy. Add the coconut oil, maple syrup, curry powder, cayenne and 3/4 teaspoon salt. Whisk to combine. In a large bowl, combine the oats, coconut chips, almonds, pecans, pepitas, sunflower seeds, flax seeds, sesame seeds and chia seeds. Toss to combine. Add the wet ingredients and stir to coat completely. Divide between the prepared baking pans. Bake, flipping carefully <END>
INPUT: mousse, smoked trout, soft cream cheese, heavy cream, lemon juice, Salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Smoked Trout Mousse | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 5 ounces smoked trout; 1/2 cup soft cream cheese; 1/4 cup heavy cream; 2 tablespoons lemon juice; Salt and pepper; Chopped chives; Capers, thinly sliced red onions and dill sprigs, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: In a food processor, pulse the trout until just blended. Add the cream cheese and cream and pulse the trout until just smooth. Add the lemon juice, salt, pepper and chives. Set aside. Serve a dollop with each corn dill muffin and garnish as desired. <END>
INPUT: Italian, salad, parmesan, balsamic vinegar, Dijon mustard, pepper taste, virgin olive oil, arugula
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fresh Fig, Prosciutto, and Arugula Salad with Parmesan Shavings | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons balsamic vinegar; 1/2 teaspoon Dijon mustard; Freshly ground black pepper to taste; 6 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 2 large bunches arugula (about 1/2 pound total); 6 firm-ripe green or purple figs (about 1/2 pound); 6 to 8 large thin prosciutto slices (preferably San Daniele; about 6 ounces total); About 1/3 pound piece Parmigiano-Reggiano | INSTRUCTIONS: Make vinaigrette: In a small bowl whisk together vinegar, mustard, pepper, and salt to taste. In a slow stream whisk in oil until emulsified. Discard stems from arugula and transfer leaves to a large bowl. Trim tough stem ends from figs and cut each fig into 8 wedges. Trim some of fat from prosciutto if desired. Halve 6 prosciutto slices lengthwise. Overlap narrow ends of 2 halves by 1 to 2 inches, pressing together gently to form 6 pieces about 13 inches long (use remaining 2 prosciutto slices if necessary). Transfer long prosciutto as prepared to a tray lined with plastic wrap. With a vegeta <END>
INPUT: glaze, smoked pork sausage, Smucker's® Apricot Preserves, tbsps. coarse grained
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Sausage with Apricot Mustard Glaze | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 lb. smoked pork sausage; 1 cup Smucker's® Apricot Preserves; 8 tbsps. coarse-grained or Dijon mustard | INSTRUCTIONS: HEAT broiler or outdoor grill. Combine preserves and mustard in small bowl; set aside. Cut pork sausage into two-inch pieces. Place sausage pieces on a tray under broiler or on grill. COOK 4 minutes; turn over and cook an additional 4 minutes. Remove from broiler or grill. Dip each piece in apricot mustard glaze; return to broiler or grill and cook an additional 2 minutes until lightly browned. SERVE with toothpicks and additional apricot mustard glaze for dipping. <END>
INPUT: Italian, conch, tamales, olive oil, onion, garlic, jalapeño chiles, turmeric
OUTPUT: TITLE: Conch Tamales with Jalapeño-Cheese Pesto | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup olive oil; 3 tablespoons diced onion; 1 tablespoon minced garlic; 2 jalapeño chiles, seeded, deveined, and sliced; 1 tablespoon ground turmeric; 8 ounces queso blanco or Muenster cheese, cut into 1-inch chunks; 1/4 cup extra virgin olive oil; 1/2 onion, cut into 1/2-inch dice; 1/2 red bell pepper, seeded and cut into 1/2-inch dice; 1/2 green bell pepper, seeded and cut into 1/2-inch dice; 4 cloves garlic, minced; 3 tablespoons tomato paste; 7 to 8 cups fresh corn kernels (from 15 ears), husks reserved; 1/2 cup fine yellow cornmeal; 1/2 cup cornstarch | INSTRUCTIONS: To prepare the pesto, heat the olive oil in a sauté pan or skillet and sauté the onion, garlic, and jalapenos over medium heat for 5 minutes. Add the turmeric, stir well, and sauté for another 2 minutes. Transfer the mixture to a food processor, add the queso blanco, and pulse until smooth. Refrigerate. To prepare the sofrito, heat the olive oil in a large sauté pan or skillet. Add the onion, bell peppers, and garlic, and sauté over medium heat for about 15 minutes, stirring frequently. Stir in the tomato paste and remove the pan from the heat. Place the corn kernels in a large mixing bowl and <END>
INPUT: tots, russet potatoes, potatoes, kosher salt, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Homemade Potato Tots | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Nonstick cooking spray; 2 pounds medium russet potatoes (about 4 potatoes); 2 large red potatoes (8 ounces total); 1 1/2 teaspoons kosher salt, plus for seasoning; 1/2 teaspoon freshly cracked black pepper; 1 tablespoon all-purpose flour; 2 tablespoons olive oil; Ketchup and mustard, for dipping | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Spray two 24-cup mini muffin tins with cooking spray. Place the russets into a large pot and cover with cold water. Bring to a simmer over medium heat and cook until halfway done, 5 to 7 minutes. Drain, then use a kitchen towel to carefully remove skins. Let cool for 15 minutes. Grate the par-cooked russets into a large bowl. Grate the red potatoes and add them to the bowl as well. Add the salt, pepper, flour and olive oil. Gently combine by hand. Scoop one tablespoon of the potato mixture into each muffin cup, pressing flat wit <END>
INPUT: Mexican, quesadilla, Anaheim chiles, poblanos, roasted garlic, wine vinegar, lime juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Rib-Eye and Anaheim Chile Quesadilla | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 3 large Anaheim chiles, grilled, peeled, seeded and roughly chopped; 2 poblanos, roasted and roughly chopped; 4 cloves roasted garlic, peeled; 3 tablespoons red wine vinegar; 3 tablespoons fresh lime juice; 3 tablespoons water; 1 tablespoon honey, or more if needed; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 3/4 cup canola oil; 1/4 cup freshly chopped parsley leaves; 12 (6-inch) flour tortillas; 1 1/2 cups grated Monterey Jack cheese; 1 cup cabrales; Marinated rib-eye slices, leftover from Rib-Eye Marinated in Garlic, Anaheim Chiles and; Fresh Oregano recipe | INSTRUCTIONS: For the vinaigrette: Combine the Anaheim chiles, poblanos, garlic, vinegar, lime juice, a few tablespoons of water, honey and salt and pepper, to taste, in a blender and blend until smooth. With the motor running, slowly add the oil until emulsified. Add the parsley and blend 5 seconds longer. (There should be flecks of the parsley in the vinaigrette.) For the quesadilla: Preheat the grill to medium heat. Place 8 tortillas on a flat surface and evenly divide the Monterey Jack, cabrales, beef, goat cheese, bell pepper, Anaheim pepper and green onion among the tortillas (in that order). Season w <END>
INPUT: bacon, onion, Swiss chard, wine vinegar, julienned beets
OUTPUT: TITLE: Swiss Chard and Beet Sauté | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 slices bacon, coarsely chopped; 1 onion, chopped; 1 large bunch red Swiss chard, stalks trimmed, leaves sliced; 3 tablespoons red wine vinegar; 1 16-ounce can or jar julienned beets, drained | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook bacon in heavy large skillet over medium heat until crisp. Using slotted spoon, transfer to paper towels. Add onion to drippings and sauté until tender, about 5 minutes. Add chard and cook until tender, stirring frequently, about 6 minutes. Add vinegar and stir 1 minute. Remove from heat. Mix in bacon and beets. Season generously with salt and pepper. Cook bacon in heavy large skillet over medium heat until crisp. Using slotted spoon, transfer to paper towels. Add onion to drippings and sauté until tender, about 5 minutes. Add chard and cook until tender, stirring frequently, about 6 minu <END>
INPUT: gratin, heavy cream, Idaho other, Salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Potatoes au Gratin | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 1/2 cups heavy cream; 3 Idaho or other large, waxy potatoes, peeled and sliced thin; Salt and freshly ground pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350 degrees. In an 8 by 8-inch baking dish, arrange a fourth of the potatoes, season to taste with salt and pepper and pour a fourth of the cream over all. Repeat with the remaining potatoes and cream, forming 4 layers. Bake for 50 minutes to 1 hour, or until the cream has been absorbed and the potatoes are browned. Remove from the oven and let sit 10 minutes before serving. <END>
INPUT: chocolate, spumoni, milk, egg yolks, sugar, cornstarch, pure vanilla extract
OUTPUT: TITLE: Almond, Chocolate, and Pistachio Spumoni | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 cups whole milk; 8 large egg yolks; 1 1/4 cups sugar; 1/2 cup cornstarch; 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, divided; 1/2 teaspoon pure almond extract; 2 drops green food coloring; 1/2 cup unsweetened cocoa powder (not Dutch-process); 2/3 cup whole blanched almonds, toasted and coarsely chopped; 1/2 cup unsalted shelled pistachios, toasted and coarsely chopped; Equipment: an ice cream maker | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring milk to a simmer in a 4-quart heavy saucepan over medium heat. Whisk together yolks, sugar, cornstarch, and a pinch of salt in a bowl. Whisk in milk, then transfer mixture to saucepan. Bring to a boil over medium heat, whisking constantly, then boil, whisking constantly, 2 minutes. Immediately strain through a fine-mesh sieve into a clean bowl. Divide custard among 3 bowls. To make almond base, whisk 1/2 teaspoon vanilla into 1 bowl; for pistachio base, whisk almond extract and food coloring into another bowl; for chocolate base, whisk cocoa and remaining 1/2 teaspoon vanilla into third  <END>
INPUT: American, praline, Sweet Pecan Pie, sweet potatoes, eggs, heavy cream, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sweet Potato and Praline Pie | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: Sweet Pecan Pie Crust, recipe follows; 1 1/2 to 2 pounds sweet potatoes, about 3 medium-sized; 2 large eggs; 3/4 cup heavy cream; 1/3 cup brown sugar; 1/4 cup pure sugar cane syrup (recommended: Steen's); 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1/2 teaspoon ground nutmeg; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 3 tablespoons butter; 1/4 cup white sugar; 1/4 cup pure sugar cane syrup (recommended: Steen's); 1 cup toasted pecans, lightly crushed; Pinch salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Roll out the dough into a circle, about 12 to 13 inches in diameter. Gently press it into a 9-inch pie pan and crimp edges with your forefinger and thumb. Prick the bottom of the pie crust all over with the tines of a fork to keep it from puffing up in the oven. Refrigerate until well chilled, about 45 minutes. Put the sweet potatoes on a baking sheet and bake in the oven until very tender, about 45 minutes. Turn the oven down to 350 degrees F and remove potatoes from oven; allow to cool slightly before scooping the flesh into a <END>
INPUT: roll, Two packages cream, butter, vanilla extract, eggs, granulated sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pumpkin Roll | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Two 3-ounce packages cream cheese, room temperature; 1 stick butter (1/2 cup), room temperature; 1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract; 3 large eggs; 1 cup granulated sugar; 2/3 cup canned pumpkin; 1 teaspoon lemon juice; 3/4 cup all-purpose flour; 1 teaspoon ground ginger; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1 teaspoon baking powder; 2 teaspoons ground cinnamon; 1 cup pecans, finely chopped; 1 cup confectioners' sugar, plus more for sprinkling | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Grease and flour a 17 1/2- by 12 1/2-inch jellyroll pan. With an electric mixer, beat the eggs, granulated sugar, pumpkin and lemon juice until smooth. Sift together the flour, ginger, salt, baking powder and cinnamon. Add the sifted ingredients to the egg mixture and blend until fully combined. Spread the batter in the jellyroll pan. Sprinkle the dough with the chopped pecans. Bake until a cake tester inserted in the center comes out clean, 14 minutes. Let the cake cool in the pan for 5 minutes. Invert the cake onto a wire rack <END>
INPUT: cupcakes, kumquats, high quality chocolate, all purpose flour, baking powder, coarse kosher salt, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: White Chocolate Cupcakes with Candied Kumquats | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 8 ounces high-quality white chocolate (such as Lindt or Perugina), chopped; 1 3/4 cups all purpose flour; 1 teaspoon baking powder; 1/2 teaspoon coarse kosher salt; 1 cup sugar; 3/4 cup (1 1/2 sticks) unsalted butter, room temperature; 1 tablespoon vanilla extract; 1/2 cup canned unsweetened coconut milk*; 3 large egg whites; 4 1/2 ounces high-quality white chocolate (such as Lindt or Perugina), chopped; 6 ounces (3/4 of 8-ounce package) cream cheese, room temperature; 6 tablespoons (3/4 stick) unsalted butter, room temperature; 1/4 cup powdered sugar; 1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract; 1/4 teaspoon coarse kosher salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 325°F. Line three 6-cup muffin pans with paper liners. Place white chocolate in metal bowl set over pan of barely simmering water. Stir until melted and smooth. Whisk flour, baking powder, and salt in medium bowl. Using electric mixer, beat sugar, butter, and vanilla in large bowl until blended. Add hot white chocolate to sugar mixture; stir to combine. Add flour mixture in 3 additions alternately with coconut milk in 2 additions, beating batter just to combine between additions. Using clean dry beaters, beat egg whites in medium bowl until soft peaks form. Gently fold egg whit <END>
INPUT: salad, onion, kale, apple cider vinegar, Kosher salt, mayonnaise
OUTPUT: TITLE: Kale-Turkey Chopped Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 small red onion, thinly sliced; 1/2 large bunch kale, stems removed, leaves chopped; 2 tablespoons apple cider vinegar; Kosher salt; 1/2 cup mayonnaise; 1/3 cup buttermilk; 1 small clove garlic, grated; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh dill; Freshly ground pepper; 1 12-ounce piece smoked deli turkey, chopped; 1 apple, chopped; 1/4 cup unsalted roasted sunflower seeds; 1 avocado, peeled, pitted and thinly sliced | INSTRUCTIONS: Soak the red onion in a small bowl of ice water, 10 minutes. Meanwhile, combine the kale, 1 tablespoon vinegar and a pinch of salt in a large bowl. Toss and rub with your fingers until the kale is dark green and softened, 3 to 5 minutes. Whisk the mayonnaise, buttermilk, garlic, dill and the remaining 1 tablespoon vinegar in a small bowl until smooth; season with salt and pepper. Drain the red onion, pat dry and add to the bowl with the kale; add the turkey, apple and half of the sunflower seeds. Drizzle with about three-quarters of the dressing and toss to coat; season with salt and pepper. T <END>
INPUT: Indian, curried, soup, olive oil, onion, celery, carrots, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Curried Lentil and Spinach Soup | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1 1/2 cups chopped onion; 1 cup chopped celery; 1 cup chopped peeled carrots; 3 garlic cloves, minced; 1 tablespoon curry powder (preferably Madras-style); 1 tablespoon minced fresh ginger; 1 teaspoon ground cumin; 1 bay leaf; 1/4 teaspoon dried crushed red pepper; 9 1/2 cups (or more) water; 1 16-ounce bag dried lentils (about 2 1/2 cups); 1 6-ounce bag baby spinach leaves; 1/2 cup chopped fresh cilantro; 1/2 cup plain nonfat yogurt | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat oil in heavy large pot over medium-high heat. Add next 4 ingredients; sauté until golden, about 10 minutes. Stir in curry powder, ginger, cumin, bay leaf, and dried crushed red pepper. Add 9 1/2 cups water and dried lentils; bring to boil. Reduce heat to medium-low and simmer uncovered until lentils are tender, adding more water by 1/2 cupfuls to thin soup, if desired, about 25 minutes. Add spinach and cilantro; simmer until spinach is wilted, about 5 minutes. Season soup with salt and pepper. (Can be made 1 day ahead. Chill soup uncovered until cold, then cover and keep refrigerated. Rew <END>
INPUT: Italian, onions, virgin olive oil, Salt pepper, Crusty bread, orange
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Halibut with Fennel, Red Onions and Oregano | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 4 (6-ounce) halibut filets; Extra-virgin olive oil, 2 tablespoons plus some for drizzling; Salt and pepper; Crusty bread, cut into thick slices; 1 orange; 1 bulb fennel, quartered, core removed, thinly sliced; 1 red onion, thinly sliced; 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar, a couple of splashes; Handful flat-leaf parsley, chopped; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh oregano leaves, 2 sprigs | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat a grill pan or outdoor grill over high heat. Drizzle extra-virgin olive oil over the fish and season with salt and pepper. Grill 4 minutes on each side until fish is firm but not tough and cooked through. Grill bread alongside or char under broiler then dress with extra-virgin olive oil, salt and pepper as well. Preheat a skillet over medium-high heat. While fish cooks, peel the orange as you would a melon: cut off ends, stand it upright and cut off skin and pith in thin strips from top to bottom. Cut orange across into thin slices. To preheated skillet add extra-virgin olive oil, 2 turns <END>
INPUT: sauce, shallot, garlic, chanterelle mushrooms, Pinot Noir, demi glace
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pinot Noir, Chanterelle, and Fresh Truffle Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 shallot, finely minced; 1 clove garlic, finely minced; 8 ounces chanterelle mushrooms; 4 ounces Pinot Noir; 8 ounces demi-glace; Salt and pepper, to taste; 1/2-ounce fresh black truffle | INSTRUCTIONS: Saute shallots, garlic, and chanterelle mushrooms in a little butter. Add Pinot Noir, and reduce to a syrupy consistency. Then add the demi-glace, simmer until the sauce has reached the proper consistency, add truffle and correct the seasoning with salt and pepper. <END>
INPUT: Italian, pasta, rigatoni, Salt, virgin olive oil, hot bulk Italian, sweet bulk Italian
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sausage, Kale and Cranberry Pasta | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound rigatoni; Salt; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, 2 turns of the pan; 1/2 pound hot bulk Italian sausage; 1/2 pound sweet bulk Italian sausage; 3 cloves garlic, chopped; 1 medium red onion, thinly sliced; 3/4 cup whole berry cranberry sauce; 3/4 cup dry red wine, eyeball it; 1 1/4 pounds kale, stems removed and chopped; Black pepper; 1/8 to 1/4 teaspoon nutmeg, to your taste; 3/4 cup Romano cheese, 3 generous handfuls, plus some to pass at the table | INSTRUCTIONS: Boil a large pot of water for the pasta. Add rigatoni and salt and cook to al dente or with a bite to it. Drain and reserve 2 ladles of pasta water. While pasta cooks, heat extra-virgin olive oil in a large deep skillet over medium-high heat. Add sausage, brown and crumble it, then add garlic and onions and cook until tender 5 to 6 minutes. Add cranberry sauce and wine and stir to combine then reduce a minute. Add kale in bunches and stir to wilt down. Add the reserved pasta water. Season the dish with salt, pepper, and nutmeg to taste. Add pasta to the pan with sausage and kale. Top pasta wit <END>
INPUT: caramel, sauce, heavy cream, granulated sugar, water, balsamic vinegar, lemon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Balsamic-Caramel Sauce over Vanilla Ice Cream | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup heavy cream; 1 cup granulated sugar; 2 tablespoons water, plus more for brushing; 4 tablespoons balsamic vinegar; 1 lemon, juiced; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1 1/2 quarts vanilla ice cream | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring cream just to a boil in a small saucepan over high heat. Reduce the heat to low and keep the cream warm. In a large high-sided saucepan over medium-high heat, dissolve the sugar with 2 tablespoons of water. As the sugar mixture begins to bubble, watch for crystals developing on the inside of the pan just above the liquid. Using a pastry brush dipped in water, brush the inside of the pan right above the crystals so the water drips down and dissolves the crystals back into the liquid. When the sugar begins to brown, occasionally move the pan to swirl the liquid gently and cook it evenly. C <END>
INPUT: Mexican, burgers, turkey, garlic, hot smoked paprika, Kosher salt pepper, avocado
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tex-Mex Turkey Burgers with Avocado Mayonnaise | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/4 pounds lean ground turkey; 2 cloves garlic, grated; 2 teaspoons hot smoked paprika; Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper; 1 avocado, halved; 3 tablespoons mayonnaise; Juice of 1 lime; 1 tablespoon vegetable oil; 4 slices pepper jack cheese (about 3 ounces); 4 sesame potato buns; Shredded lettuce and tortilla chips, for topping | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine the turkey, garlic, paprika, 3/4 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of pepper in a medium bowl; mix with your hands until just combined. Form into four 1/2-inch-thick patties; set aside. Combine 1/2 avocado, the mayonnaise, lime juice and 1/4 teaspoon salt in a medium bowl; mash until smooth. Thinly slice the remaining 1/2 avocado and season with salt and pepper. Set aside for topping. Heat the vegetable oil in a large nonstick skillet over medium-high heat (or preheat a grill to medium high and oil the grates). Add the burgers and cook until browned, 3 to 4 minutes per side. Top each burg <END>
INPUT: seasoning blend your, salt, wine, venison sausage, beef
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Stuffed Peppers | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons seasoning blend of your choice; 1 teaspoon salt (omit if there is salt in the seasoning mix); 1/2 cup white wine; 1/2 pound venison sausage (substitute breakfast sausage meat); 1/2 pound ground beef; 1 cup cooked rice; 2 cloves garlic, minced; 1 egg, beaten; 1/2 cup minced fresh parsley leaves; Cayenne pepper; Ground cumin; Oil, for frying; 3 small green bell peppers (four lobes preferred) | INSTRUCTIONS: Mix the seasoning blend, salt, and wine in a small bowl and stir well. Then combine the mixture with all the other ingredients except the oil and peppers in a mixing bowl and mash with your hands until all the ingredients are evenly distributed. Put the meat in the refrigerator for an hour or more to allow the flavors to blend. Heat a little oil in a frying pan and place a teaspoon of the meat mixture in the hot oil. Cook, turning frequently, until done on both sides. Taste, and adjust the salt and seasonings in the remaining meat mixture. Cut the peppers in half through the stem so that they  <END>
INPUT: salt, peppercorns, packages crab boil, liquid crab boil, hot sauce
OUTPUT: TITLE: Crawfish Boil | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2/3 cup salt; 1 tablespoon peppercorns; 2 packages dry crab boil; 1 cup liquid crab boil; 1 tablespoon hot sauce; 1 tablespoon Creole seasoning; 8 new potatoes; 4 ears corn; 2 lemons; 4 onions; 2 heads garlic; 4 stalks celery, halved crosswise; 5 pounds crawfish; Melted butter, for serving | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large stockpot with a removable basket and tight-fitting lid bring 3 gallons water to a boil and add salt, peppercorns, crab boil, hot sauce and seasoning. Cover pot and bring back to a boil. Add remaining ingredients except crawfish, cover and cook 5 minutes. Add crawfish, stir well and cover. Turn off heat and let sit for 15 to 20 minutes. Ladle crawfish and vegetables onto a large platter or deep bowls and serve with melted butter.; <END>
INPUT: Asian, meringue, napoleon, egg whites, granulated sugar, confectioners' sugar, egg yolks, lemon zest
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lemon Meringue Napoleon with Ginger Cream | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 4 large egg whites; 1/3 cup granulated sugar; 3/4 cup confectioners' sugar; 3 large egg yolks; 1/2 teaspoon finely grated lemon zest; 1/4 cup fresh lemon juice (from about 2 lemons); 1/3 cup granulated sugar; 4 tablespoons cold unsalted butter, cut into small pieces; 1 cup cold heavy cream; 3 tablespoons confectioners' sugar, plus more for dusting; 2 tablespoons finely chopped crystallized ginger; 1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 200 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper. Draw two 4-by-13-inch rectangles about 2 inches apart on the parchment, then flip it over so it is marked-side down. Make the meringue: Beat the egg whites in a medium bowl with a mixer on medium-high speed until foamy, about 1 minute. Gradually beat in the granulated sugar and continue beating until stiff shiny peaks form, about 6 minutes. Gently fold in the confectioners' sugar with a rubber spatula (do not overmix). Transfer the meringue to a pastry bag fitted with a 3/4-inch round tip. Using the rectangles as a gu <END>
INPUT: salad, lemon juice, Dijon mustard, olive oil, fennel bulbs, oranges
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fennel and Orange Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard; 1 cup olive oil; 12 large fennel bulbs, trimmed, halved lengthwise, cored, sliced crosswise; 20 oranges; 3 large heads of radicchio; 1/2 cup thinly sliced fresh mint leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: Whisk lemon juice and mustard in small bowl. Gradually whisk in oil. Season with salt and generous amount of pepper. Place fennel in large bowl. Add dressing; toss to coat. Season with salt and pepper. (Can be made 1 day ahead. Cover and chill.) Cut peel and white pith from oranges. Cut oranges into 1/4-inch-thick rounds. Line large platters with whole radicchio leaves. Overlap oranges atop radicchio. Toss fennel to coat with dressing, then spoon into center of platters. Sprinkle with mint and serve. Whisk lemon juice and mustard in small bowl. Gradually whisk in oil. Season with salt and gene <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, campanelle, virgin olive oil, onions, garlic, cherry tomatoes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Campanelle with Tomatoes and Feta | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 8 ounces campanelle (trumpet-shaped pasta) or fusilli (spiral-shaped pasta); 6 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, divided; 6 green onions, chopped (about 1 cup); 3 large garlic cloves, minced; 1 pint whole cherry tomatoes; 1 pint whole grape tomatoes; 5 cups (loosely packed) arugula; 1 1/2 cups crumbled feta cheese (about 7 ounces) | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook pasta in large pot of boiling salted water until just tender but still firm to bite, stirring occasionally. Meanwhile, heat 3 tablespoons olive oil in heavy large skillet over high heat. Add green onions, garlic, and all tomatoes; sauté until tomatoes begin to soften and collapse, about 7 minutes. Sprinkle with salt and pepper. Drain pasta. Return to pot. Add tomato mixture, arugula, and remaining 3 tablespoons olive oil; toss until arugula begins to wilt. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Transfer pasta to plates. Sprinkle with feta cheese and serve. Cook pasta in large pot of boilin <END>
INPUT: Asian, snapper, soy sauce, fish sauce, plum wine, sugar, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Crispy Red Snapper "Chinese Style" | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup soy sauce; 1/4 cup fish sauce; 1/2 cup plum wine; 1 tablespoon sugar; 2 garlic cloves, minced; 2 jalapeno peppers, seeded and minced; 2 tablespoons minced fresh ginger; 2 tablespoons crushed and minced lemongrass; 1 cup water; 2 tablespoons canola oil; 2 tablespoons matchstick-thin slices fresh ginger; 2 Chinese sausages, 1 to 2 ounces each, sliced into thin rounds (available from Chinese markets; dry chorizo can be substituted); 10 shiitake mushrooms, stems removed, caps thinly sliced; 3 plum tomatoes, seeded and finely diced; 2 scallions, white part only, sliced into thin rings | INSTRUCTIONS: Make the sauce: Put the soy sauce, fish sauce, plum wine, sugar, garlic, jalapeno, ginger, lemongrass, and water in a bowl and stir together; set aside. While you make the vegetables, pour enough oil to submerge the snapper into a wide, deep, heavy-bottomed pot. You will need at least a quart, depending on the width of the pot and the thickness of the fish. Heat the pot over medium-high heat to 370 degrees F. Make the vegetables: Heat 2 tablespoons canola oil in a skillet over medium-high heat. Add the sliced ginger and sausage and cook until the sausage begins to give off its fat, about 5 min <END>
INPUT: scarpariello, bell pepper, olive oil, Kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken Scarpariello | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 small red bell pepper; 1 small yellow bell pepper; 1/4 cup olive oil; 1 (4 pound chicken) cut into 12 pieces; Kosher salt; Freshly ground black pepper; 6 ounces fresh sweet fennel sausage, cut on the diagonal into 16 thin slices; 2 cups thinly sliced white or cremini mushrooms; 1 tablespoon plus 1 teaspoon all-purpose flour; 1 tablespoon plus 1 teaspoon red wine vinegar (preferably Italian); 1 1/2 cups chicken broth; 1/2 cup homemade tomato sauce or good quality store bought sauce; 1 heaping tablespoon chopped parsley leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: Spear the peppers with a kitchen fork or skewer and hold them over an open flame until charred all over. Place the charred peppers in a paper bag or in a covered container until they are cool enough to handle. (This step completes the cooking of the peppers and facilitates removing the skin.) Rub off the skins (never run them under water, which washes away the flavorful oils), cut the peppers in half lengthwise, and discard the stems and seeds. Cut the pepper halves into 1/4-inch wide strips and set aside. Heat the oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Sprinkle the chicken pieces with  <END>
INPUT: bloody, mary, lemon, shallot, grape tomatoes, virgin olive oil, Sherry vinegar
OUTPUT: TITLE: "Bloody Mary" Tomato Toast with Celery and Horseradish | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 lemon, zested, juiced; 1/2 shallot, finely chopped; 1 pound grape tomatoes, halved; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1 tablespoon Sherry vinegar; 1 teaspoon kosher salt; 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 1 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce; 1/4 teaspoon cayenne pepper; 5 tablespoons finely grated fresh horseradish, divided; 2 celery stalks, thinly sliced; 3 tablespoons coarsely chopped celery leaves; 6 tablespoons mayonnaise; 6 slices toasted rye bread | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine lemon zest, lemon juice, shallot, tomatoes, oil, vinegar, salt, black pepper, Worcestershire sauce, cayenne, and 1 Tbsp. horseradish in a large bowl. Let marinate 10 minutes, then stir in celery stalks and leaves. Meanwhile, combine mayonnaise and remaining 4 Tbsp. horseradish in a small bowl. Spread 1 Tbsp. horseradish-mayonnaise on each slice of rye. Top toasts evenly with tomato mixture. Combine lemon zest, lemon juice, shallot, tomatoes, oil, vinegar, salt, black pepper, Worcestershire sauce, cayenne, and 1 Tbsp. horseradish in a large bowl. Let marinate 10 minutes, then stir in ce <END>
INPUT: Mexican, cranberry, gingersnap cookies, pecans, unsalted butter, light sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cranberry-Lime Pie | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 4 ounces gingersnap cookies (about 16 if using Nabisco); 1 cup pecans; 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted; 3 tablespoons light brown sugar; 1 (12-ounce) package fresh (or frozen, thawed) cranberries, plus 4 ounces (about 1 1/4 cups) for serving; 2 1/2 cups granulated sugar, divided; 3 large eggs; 2 large egg yolks; 1 teaspoon finely grated lemon zest; 2 teaspoons finely grated lime zest, divided; 1/2 cup fresh lime juice; Pinch of kosher salt; 3/4 cup (1 1/2 sticks) unsalted butter, room temperature, cut into pieces; Whipped cream (for serving) | INSTRUCTIONS: Crust: Preheat oven to 350°F. Pulse cookies in a food processor until very finely ground (you should have about 1 cup). Add pecans; pulse until finely ground. Add butter and brown sugar; pulse to combine. Transfer to a deep 9" pie dish. Using a measuring cup, press firmly onto bottom and up sides of dish. Bake until firm and slightly darkened in color, 10–15 minutes. If crust slides down sides, gently press back up. Let cool. Preheat oven to 350°F. Pulse cookies in a food processor until very finely ground (you should have about 1 cup). Add pecans; pulse until finely ground. Add butter and bro <END>
INPUT: Piquillo peppers, tomatoes, garlic, olive oil, wine
OUTPUT: TITLE: Stuffed Piquillo Peppers | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 12 fresh Piquillo peppers, with stem ends cut off and de-seeded; 4 tomatoes, sliced into quarters; 4 garlic cloves; 3/4 cup olive oil; 6 ounces white wine; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1 pound dried, salted codfish; 6 ounces white wine; 4 garlic cloves; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley leaves; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 2 cups milk; 1/2 cup all-purpose flour; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley leaves, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: To make the sauce: In a blender, drop in the tomatoes and garlic and blend until well chopped. Add the olive oil, white wine, and salt and blend until finely pureed; set aside. To make the stuffing: In a medium sized pot half filled with boiling water, boil the dried cod for about 10 minutes until rehydrated. Drain and put the codfish into a blender. Add the white wine, garlic, parsley, and salt and blend everything together. Then, in a medium sized bowl, whisk together the milk and flour. Add this mixture to the codfish mixture in the blender and puree until it's the consistency of mashed pot <END>
INPUT: crescents, butter, chives
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chive Crescents | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 can (8 oz.) Pillsbury® refrigerated crescent dinner rolls; 1 tablespoon butter, melted; 1/4 cup chopped fresh chives | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat oven to 375 degrees F. High Altitude (3500-6500 ft): No change. Unroll dough into 1 large rectangle; brush with butter. Separate dough into triangles; sprinkle buttered side of each with chives. Starting with shortest side of each triangle, roll up dough to opposite point. Place point side down on ungreased cookie sheet, curving each into crescent shape. Bake 10 to 13 minutes or until golden brown. Immediately remove from cookie sheet; serve warm. <END>
INPUT: American, russet potatoes, unsalted butter, sour cream, sharp cheddar cheese, Kosher salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cheese-Stuffed Baked Potatoes | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 4 large russet potatoes, scrubbed; 1/4 cup unsalted butter; 1/2 cup sour cream; 1/2 cup shredded extra-sharp cheddar cheese, divided; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Set the potatoes directly on the rack in the center of the oven and bake until easily pierced with a fork, about 1 hour. Remove from the oven and turn the heat down to 400 degrees F. Cut a slit in the top of the potatoes and carefully scoop out the flesh into a bowl, leaving the shells intact. Mash the potato lightly with a fork. Add the butter, sour cream, and 1/3 cup of the cheese, and salt and pepper to taste. Refill the shells with the potato mixture mounding it slightly. Set the potatoes on a baking sheet, and bake until heated through, about 15 to 20 mi <END>
INPUT: olive oil, lemon, anchovy fillets oil, garlic, broccoli rabe
OUTPUT: TITLE: White Beans with Broccoli Rabe and Lemon | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons olive oil; 1 small lemon, very thinly sliced, seeds removed; 2 anchovy fillets packed in oil; 4 garlic cloves, thinly sliced; 1/2 bunch broccoli rabe, chopped; Kosher salt, freshly ground pepper; 2 15-ounce cans cannellini (white kidney) beans, rinsed; 1/2 cup fresh flat-leaf parsley leaves; 2 tablespoons finely grated Parmesan, plus more for serving; Crushed red pepper flakes (optional) | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat oil in a large Dutch oven or heavy pot over medium heat. Add lemon, anchovies, and garlic. Cook, stirring occasionally, until lemon is softened and brown in spots and anchovies fall apart, about 5 minutes. Add broccoli rabe; season with salt and pepper and cook, tossing occasionally, until bright green and crisp-tender, about 5 minutes. Add beans and 1/2 cup water to pot. Bring to a boil; reduce heat and simmer, stirring occasionally, until flavors have melded and liquid is reduced by half (you still want it to be saucy), about 5 minutes. Mix in parsley and 2 tablespoons Parmesan. Transfe <END>
INPUT: turkey, kosher salt, oregano, thyme, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Turkey | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: One 10-pound turkey, neck and gizzards reserved; 2 tablespoons kosher salt; 4 sprigs fresh oregano; 4 sprigs fresh thyme; 1 head garlic, halved through its equator; 1 lemon, quartered; 1 fennel bulb, quartered; 1 onion, peeled and quartered; 1 stick (8 tablespoons) unsalted butter; 1/4 cup picked fennel fronds; 1/4 cup chicken or turkey stock (preferably homemade), or water | INSTRUCTIONS: The day before roasting, rinse the turkey inside and out with cold water, set on a clean kitchen towel and pat dry. Sprinkle the turkey inside and out with the salt. Wrap the turkey in plastic wrap and refrigerate, about 24 hours. Remove the turkey from the refrigerator 1 to 2 hours prior to roasting to bring to room temperature. Place an oven rack on the lowest rung and preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Place a few sprigs of the oregano and thyme, a few cloves of the garlic and a quarter of the lemon in the turkey's neck cavity. Wrap the neck skin over and around the cavity to enclose the in <END>
INPUT: soup, carrots, onion, leek, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Carrot Soup with Thyme and Fennel | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup (1/2 stick) butter; 4 medium carrots, peeled, chopped; 3/4 cup chopped onion; 3/4 cup chopped leek (white and pale green parts only); 2 garlic cloves, chopped; 1/2 teaspoon chopped fresh thyme; 1/4 teaspoon fennel seeds; 5 cups (or more) canned low-salt chicken broth; Additional chopped fresh thyme | INSTRUCTIONS: Melt 1/4 cup butter in large saucepan over medium-low heat. Add carrots, onion, leek, garlic, 1/2 teaspoon thyme and fennel seeds; stir to coat. Cover; cook until onion is translucent, stirring occasionally, about 15 minutes. Add 5 cups broth. Bring to simmer. Cover partially; simmer until carrots are very tender, stirring occasionally, about 40 minutes. Cool slightly. Working in batches, purée soup in blender. Return to pan. Thin to desired consistency with more broth. Season with salt and pepper. (Can be made 1 day ahead. Cool slightly. Cover and chill.) Bring soup to simmer. Ladle into bowl <END>
INPUT: American, salad, goat, water, wild rice, salt, bay leaf, thyme
OUTPUT: TITLE: Wild Rice and Chanterelle Salad with Dried Fruit, Goat Cheese, and Walnuts | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 8 cups water; 2 cups wild rice; 2 teaspoons salt, plus more to taste; 1 bay leaf; 12 sprigs thyme; 4 teaspoons grapeseed or canola oil; 2 pounds chanterelle or portobello mushrooms, wiped clean and chopped; 1/2 cup olive oil; 6 tablespoons balsamic vinegar; 4 large shallots, thinly sliced; 2 teaspoons fennel seeds, toasted and cracked; 2 teaspoons cumin seeds, toasted and cracked; 2 teaspoons coarsely chopped fresh thyme leaves; 2 teaspoons freshly ground black pepper; 1 cup mixed dried fruits, such as cherries, cranberries, raisins, chopped figs, or chopped apricots | INSTRUCTIONS: To prepare the rice: Wash the rice under cold water for 2 minutes. Bring 8 cups of water to a boil and add the salt, bay leaf, and thyme. Add the washed rice to the boiling water and simmer for 40 minutes, or until tender. Drain the rice and remove the bay leaf and thyme; let cool. (This can be done 1 day ahead of time and refrigerated.) You should have 7 cups cooked rice. In a large skillet, heat the grapeseed or canola oil over medium-high heat. Add the mushrooms and cook, stirring occasionally, for 5 to 6 minutes, or until lightly browned. Remove from heat, drain well, and set aside. To mak <END>
INPUT: paella, sugar, slender asparagus, uncooked shrimp, wine, crumbled saffron threads
OUTPUT: TITLE: Paella with Asparagus and Sugar Snap Peas | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound slender asparagus, trimmed, cut into 1-inch lengths; 5 cups (about) low-salt chicken broth, divided; 1 pound uncooked large shrimp, peeled, deveined, tails left intact, shells reserved; 3/4 cup dry white wine; 1/2 teaspoon crumbled saffron threads; 1/4 cup olive oil; 2 Spanish chorizo sausage links (6 ounces), casings removed; 2 1/2 cups chopped onions; 3 large garlic cloves, finely chopped; 1 large tomato (12 to 13 ounces), halved, seeded, cut into 3/4-inch cubes; 1/3 cup drained roasted canned Piquillo peppers or drained roasted red peppers from jar, coarsely chopped; 2 teaspoons Pimentón de la Vera (hot Spanish smoked paprika) or hot Hungarian paprika; 1 teaspoon salt; 2 1/2 cups Spanish Bomba rice, Italian arborio rice, or medium-grain white rice (about 17 ounces); 18 small littleneck clams (about 1 1/4 pounds), scrubbed | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook asparagus in large saucepan of boiling salted water until crisp-tender, about 2 minutes. Drain, rinse under cold water, and drain again. Bring 4 1/2 cups broth to simmer in medium saucepan over medium heat. Add reserved shrimp shells; simmer 10 minutes. Bring wine to simmer in small saucepan over medium heat; add saffron and set aside 5 minutes to steep. Strain saffron-infused wine into 8-cup measuring cup. Strain in shrimp broth. Add enough chicken broth to measure 5 cups broth mixture. Heat oil in large wide pot (at least 3 inches deep) over medium-high heat. Add chorizo and sauté until <END>
INPUT: vinaigrette, onion, Dijon mustard, orange zest, orange juice, olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Radicchio, Red Cabbage and Tomatoes with Orange Vinaigrette | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 small red onion, thinly sliced; 1 tablespoon plus 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard; 2 teaspoons finely grated fresh orange zest; 4 1/2 tablespoons fresh orange juice; 1/3 cup olive oil; 2 heads radicchio (3/4 pound total), cored and coarsely chopped; 1/2 small head red cabbage, cored and coarsely chopped; 2 pints cherry tomatoes, halved; 1/2 teaspoon sugar, or to taste | INSTRUCTIONS: Soak onion in cold water to cover 15 minutes. Whisk together mustard, zest, juice, and salt and pepper to taste. Add oil in a slow stream, whisking until emulsified. Drain onion well and toss together with radicchio, cabbage, tomatoes, and enough dressing to coat. Toss salad with sugar and salt and pepper to taste. Soak onion in cold water to cover 15 minutes. Whisk together mustard, zest, juice, and salt and pepper to taste. Add oil in a slow stream, whisking until emulsified. Drain onion well and toss together with radicchio, cabbage, tomatoes, and enough dressing to coat. Toss salad with su <END>
INPUT: salad, wine vinegar, olive oil, Dijon mustard, sugar, Kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fresh Cabbage Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup white wine vinegar; 1/2 cup olive oil; 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard; 1 teaspoon sugar; Kosher salt; Fresh ground pepper; 1 cup finely shredded green cabbage; 1 cup finely shredded red cabbage; 1/2 cup julienned carrot; 1/2 cup julienned red pepper; 1/4 cup finely slivered red onion; 1 small bunch chives, cut into 2-inch lengths | INSTRUCTIONS: In a bowl whisk together the vinegar, oil, Dijon, sugar, and season with salt and pepper. Set aside. In another bowl, toss the cabbage, carrot, red pepper, red onion, and chives together lightly. Drizzle the salad with the vinaigrette, and toss to coat. <END>
INPUT: sauce, olive oil, bell peppers, garlic, lemon juice, olive oil brushing
OUTPUT: TITLE: Red Snapper and Eggplant with Red Bell Pepper Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon olive oil; 2 large red bell peppers, sliced thin; 3/4 teaspoon minced garlic; 2 teaspoons fresh lemon juice, or to taste; olive oil for brushing pan and eggplant; 1 small eggplant (preferably Asian, about 6 inches long and 2 1/2 inches wide); two 6- to 7-ounce red snapper fillets, skinned; 1 tablespoon thinly sliced fresh mint leaves plus additional for garnish if desired | INSTRUCTIONS: Make sauce: In a large skillet heat oil over moderately high heat until hot but not smoking and cook peppers and garlic, stirring, 10 minutes, or until peppers are tender. Transfer pepper mixture to a blender and blend with lemon juice until smooth. Season sauce with salt and pepper and keep warm. Preheat broiler and light brush a small shallow baking pan with oil. Cut four 1/4-inch-thick lengthwise slices from eggplant, reserving remainder for another use. Rinse fish fillets and pat dry. Season fillets with salt and pepper and arrange, skinned side down, in prepared pan. Sprinkle each fillet  <END>
INPUT: apricots, dark rum, eggs, clover honey, vegetable oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Apricot Honey Cake | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup dried apricots, roughly chopped; 1/4 cup dark rum; 2 large eggs; 1 cup clover honey; 1/3 cup vegetable oil; Grated peel and juice of 1 lemon; Grated peel and juice of 1 orange; 1/3 cup sugar; 1 teaspoon salt; 1/3 cup apricot jam; 1 3/4 cups white rye or unbleached all-purpose flour; 1/4 cup cake or unbleached all-purpose flour; 1/2 teaspoon baking soda; 1/2 cup slivered almonds, or roughly chopped walnuts or cashews | INSTRUCTIONS: In a small bowl, soak the apricots in the rum for at least 30 minutes. Preheat the oven to 350° and grease a 10- by 5-inch loaf pan. In a mixing bowl, beat the eggs with a whisk. Stir in the honey, vegetable oil, grated lemon and orange rind and juice, sugar, salt, and apricot jam. Sift the 2 flours and the baking soda into another bowl. Strain the apricots, reserving the excess rum. Add the flour alternately with the rum to the honey cake mixture. Fold in the apricots. Scoop the batter into the prepared pan and sprinkle with the nuts. Bake in the oven on the lower rack for 50-55 minutes, or u <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, scented, water, orange juice, olive oil, orange peel
OUTPUT: TITLE: Orange-Scented Couscous | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups water; 5 to 6 tablespoons fresh orange juice, divided; 1 tablespoon olive oil; 1 teaspoon finely grated orange peel; 1 10-ounce box (1 1/2 cups) plain couscous | INSTRUCTIONS: Mix 2 cups water, 2 tablespoons juice, oil, and peel in medium saucepan; bring to boil. Stir in couscous; cover and remove from heat. Let stand until liquid is absorbed and couscous is tender, about 12 minutes. Fluff with fork, adding orange juice by tablespoonfuls to taste. Season with salt and pepper. Mix 2 cups water, 2 tablespoons juice, oil, and peel in medium saucepan; bring to boil. Stir in couscous; cover and remove from heat. Let stand until liquid is absorbed and couscous is tender, about 12 minutes. Fluff with fork, adding orange juice by tablespoonfuls to taste. Season with salt an <END>
INPUT: Asian, general, spiced, chicken thighs, sea salt, pepper, cornstarch, Chinese bean paste
OUTPUT: TITLE: General Tso's Chicken with Spiced Sesame Rice | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound boneless skinless chicken thighs, cut into 1/2-inch cubes; Pinch sea salt; Pinch freshly ground white pepper; 1 heaping tablespoon cornstarch; 2 tablespoons Chinese yellow bean paste or yellow miso; 2 tablespoons light soy sauce; 1 tablespoon chili sauce; 1 tablespoon tomato paste; 1 tablespoon rice vinegar; 1 teaspoon light brown sugar or honey; 1/4 teaspoon dark soy sauce; 1 tablespoon peanut or vegetable oil; 4 whole dried Sichuan or arbol chiles; 1 clove garlic, peeled and crushed, left whole; 1/2 medium white onion, chunked into 1/2-inch pieces | INSTRUCTIONS: For the chicken: Sprinkle the chicken with the salt and white pepper in a large bowl. Add the cornstarch and mix well. For the sweet sauce: Stir together the bean paste, light soy, chili sauce, tomato paste, vinegar, brown sugar and dark soy in a large bowl until combined and set aside. For the stir-fry: Heat a wok over high heat until it starts to smoke. Pour in the peanut oil, and then stir-fry the chiles and garlic for a few seconds. Toss in the onions and stir-fry, about 1 minute. Then add the chicken and stir-fry for about 2 minutes. As the chicken starts to turn opaque, add the peanuts,  <END>
INPUT: southern, dozen eggs, buttermilk, Cajun spice, chicken, vegetable oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Southern Fried Chicken | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 dozen eggs, whipped; 1 cup buttermilk; 2 tablespoons Cajun spice; 16 pieces fresh bone-in chicken (2 to 3 pounds); 8 cups vegetable oil; 4 cups all-purpose flour; 1 tablespoon kosher salt; 1 teaspoon ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large bowl, blend the eggs, buttermilk and Cajun spice. Mix well, and then pour over the chicken pieces, mixing and coating well. After coating the chicken, cover and refrigerate overnight, or for a minimum of 4 hours. Preheat the oil to 300 degrees F in a deep-fryer. Remove the chicken from the marinade and allow to sit on a baking screen for 5 minutes. This will allow any excess marinade to drip off. Next, in a large bowl, blend the flour, salt and pepper, mixing well. Dredge the marinated chicken in the flour. Coat the chicken well with flour, and then tap off any excess. Add to the he <END>
INPUT: fritatta, side, vegetable oil, Salt pepper, onion, eggs
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mushroom and Cheddar Fritatta and Arugula Side Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons vegetable oil; 1 (10-ounce) package mushrooms, chopped; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 medium onion, chopped; 8 eggs; 4 egg whites; 1 cup grated sharp Cheddar; Arugula Salad, recipe follows | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the broiler and set the rack about 4 to 5 inches from the heat source. Heat oil in large ovenproof nonstick skillet over medium-high heat. Saute mushrooms until browned, seasoning with salt and pepper. Add onion and saute until tender. Whisk eggs, egg whites, salt, and pepper in a medium bowl. Pour over vegetables in skillet and mix gently. Reduce heat to medium-low, cover skillet, and cook until eggs are set around edges, about 4 to 5 minutes. Sprinkle with cheese and then place skillet under broiler and cook until cheese is melted and just browned, about 2 minutes. Let frittata stand <END>
INPUT: chicken breasts, Butter, shallot onions, Salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken Flambé | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 chicken breasts, boned; Butter; 3 tablespoons finely chopped shallot or small white onions; Salt, pepper; Pinch each: ground cloves, ground ginger; 1 1/2 cups heavy cream; 4 egg yolks; 1/3 cup cognac, warmed | INSTRUCTIONS: Sauté boned breasts in butter until just cooked through and tender, turning them to color both sides. White meat of chicken is very delicate and will cook quickly. Remove chicken to a deep, flameproof serving dish, or chafing dish. Add a little more butter to pan in which chicken was cooked and sauté shallots until just limp. Season with salt, pepper, ground cloves, and ginger. Stir in heavy cream mixed with egg yolks. Stir and cook very slowly over low heat until mixture coats the spoon. Do not overcook or the eggs will curdle. Taste for seasoning. Pour warmed cognac over chicken and ignite.  <END>
INPUT: Italian, infused, fettuccine, all purpose flour, eggs, water, salt, basil leaves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Basil Infused Fettuccine with Bok Choy and Crab Meat Sauce | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cups all-purpose flour; 4 eggs; 3 tablespoons water; 1 teaspoon salt, plus extra for bok choy; 1/4 cup chopped basil leaves; 1 teaspoon olive oil, plus 2 tablespoons, plus 3 tablespoons; 2 cups roughly chopped bok choy; 2 green tomatoes, roughly chopped; 1/3 cup chopped bacon; 1 clove garlic, minced; Freshly ground black pepper; 1 cup white wine; 6 ounces crab meat; 1 bunch fresh arugula, roughly chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. To make the fettuccine, put flour on a cutting board, making a well in the center of the flour. Put the eggs, water, salt, basil, and 1 teaspoon oil in the well. Slowly incorporate flour to well until you have a sticky ball of dough. Add more flour, if necessary. Start the kneading process by using the balls of your hands-working the dough until all ingredients are mixed well and dough is dry to the touch. Divide the pasta in 4 pieces, flatten each piece about 3 by 2 inches, or a thumb nail thickness. Set the pasta machine on the highest setting and put the dough <END>
INPUT: Mexican, salad, oranges, ancho chili powder, Kosher salt pepper, virgin olive oil, Juice lime
OUTPUT: TITLE: Jicama-Orange Salad | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 4 oranges; 1/4 teaspoon ancho chili powder; Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper; 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; Juice of 1 lime; 1 medium jicama, peeled and diced; 3 scallions, chopped; 2 tablespoons fresh cilantro; Seeds of 1/2 pomegranate | INSTRUCTIONS: Peel and segment the oranges with a paring knife (see page 52). Squeeze the empty membranes over a large bowl to release the juices. Whisk the chili powder, salt and pepper to taste, the olive oil and lime juice into the orange juice. Toss in the orange segments and jicama. Before serving, add the scallions, cilantro and pomegranate seeds. Photograph by Sang An <END>
INPUT: American, batter, bread, butter, unbleached flour, sugar, salt, scant
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tomato Cheese Batter Bread | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons butter; 2 cups unbleached flour; 1 tablespoon sugar; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1 scant tablespoon or 1 (1/4-ounce) package active dry yeast; 1/4 cup soft butter; 1 cup crushed tomatoes in juice; 1 egg, beaten; 3/4 cup Parmesan cheese, shredded; 2 tablespoons fresh parsley, chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: Cut 2 tablespoons butter unto 1/4-inch dice. Place on a piece of waxed paper and place in the freezer. In a large bowl, combine flour, sugar, salt, and yeast. Heat soft butter and tomatoes to 125 degrees. Add to the dry ingredients with the egg, Parmesan cheese, and parsley. Beat vigorously for 2 minutes. Turn dough into a well-greased, 8-inch round pan. Cover with a tightly woven towel and let rise for 1 hour. About 10 minutes before baking, preheat oven to 375 degrees. Just before baking, remove the diced butter from the freezer and sprinkle on the top of the dough. Bake for 20 minutes, or u <END>
INPUT: Italian, stacked, salad, heirloom tomatoes, Salt pepper, buffalo mozzarella, Chile Cilantro Oil, Chipotle Vinegar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fresh Mozzarella and Stacked Heirloom Tomato Salad with Green Chile-Cilantro Oil and Chipotle Vinega | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 4 ripe heirloom tomatoes (different varieties and colors) or beefsteak tomatoes, sliced 1/4-inch thick; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 pound fresh buffalo mozzarella, sliced 1/4-inch thick; Green Chile-Cilantro Oil, recipe follows; Chipotle Vinegar, recipe follows; 2 cups extra-virgin olive oil; 1 poblano chile, grilled, peeled, stemmed, and coarsely chopped; 1/4 cup cilantro leaves; Salt; 1 cup red wine vinegar; 2 teaspoons chipotle pepper puree; Salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Place a tomato slice on each of 4 plates. Season with salt and pepper. Top with a slice of cheese and repeat to make 3 layers, like a Napoleon with 3 tomato slices and 2 slices of cheese. Drizzle with the Green Chile-Cilantro Oil and Chipotle Vinegar and serve.; Combine all ingredients in a blender and blend for 5 minutes. Blend all ingredients in a blender until smooth. <END>
INPUT: pancakes, pure maple syrup, hot chocolate cocoa, all purpose flour, baking powder
OUTPUT: TITLE: Hot Chocolate Pancakes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup pure maple syrup; 1/4 cup hot chocolate or cocoa mix; 1 1/2 cups all-purpose flour; 1/2 cup hot chocolate or cocoa mix; 1 tablespoon baking powder; Fine salt; 1 1/4 cups milk; 4 tablespoons melted unsalted butter, plus 4 to 5 tablespoons for the skillet; 2 large eggs; 1/2 teaspoon pure vanilla extract; Whipped cream, for serving | INSTRUCTIONS: For the hot chocolate syrup: Bring the maple syrup and hot chocolate mix to a simmer, whisking constantly, in a small saucepan over medium heat. Continue to simmer until the syrup is thick enough to coat the back of a spoon, about 5 minutes. Keep warm. For the pancakes: Preheat the oven to 200 degrees F. Whisk together the flour, hot chocolate mix, baking powder and 1/4 teaspoon salt in a large bowl. Whisk together the milk, butter, eggs and vanilla in a medium bowl. Pour the milk-egg mixture into the flour mixture, and gently fold just to combine (it's OK if there are some lumps). Heat a larg <END>
INPUT: salad, Kosher salt, quinoa, zucchini, onions, virgin olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Quinoa Salad with Grilled Zucchini and Habanero Oil | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Kosher salt; 1 1/2 cups quinoa, rinsed; 3 large zucchini, sliced 1/2 inch thick; 3 large red onions, sliced 3/4 inch thick; 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil, plus more for drizzling; Freshly ground pepper; 1 bunch fresh basil (about 1 1/2 cups leaves); 1/2 cup fresh lemon juice (from about 3 lemons); 1/4 cup habanero oil (or other chile oil) | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring a medium pot of heavily salted water to a boil. Add the quinoa and cook until tender, 8 to 10 minutes; drain and let cool. Meanwhile, preheat a grill to medium high. Drizzle the zucchini and red onions with enough olive oil to coat, season with salt and pepper and toss. Grill the vegetables until well-marked and slightly soft, 3 to 4 minutes per side. Let cool, then chop and transfer to a large bowl. Add the quinoa and basil leaves to the bowl and toss to combine. Whisk 1/4 cup olive oil, the lemon juice and habanero oil in a small bowl until emulsified (or combine in a blender); season  <END>
INPUT: Asian, Caramel, sugar, nam pla, garlic, shallots
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken Wings with Ginger and Caramel Sauce | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: Caramel (recipe follows); 1/3 cup sugar; 1/4 cup plus 2 tablespoons nam pla (Thai fish sauce); 2 garlic cloves, sliced; 4 shallots, sliced; 2 1/2 pounds chicken wings; One 1-inch piece fresh ginger, julienned; 2 teaspoons cracked black peppercorns, plus more for garnish; 6 sprigs fresh cilantro | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. Preheat the oven to 450°F. 2. To make the caramel: Put the sugar in an oven-proof casserole and add just enough water to wet it, about 1 tablespoon. Shake the pan to distribute the sugar and water and caramelize over medium heat, shaking the pan occasionally. The sugar will gradually liquefy and darken; when it becomes golden brown, remove from the heat. 3. Carefully add the nam pla (it may spatter; hold the pan at arm's length), then return to the heat. Add the garlic and shallots and cook, stirring, until softened. 4. Add the chicken wings and coat with the sauce. Gently stir in the ginge <END>
INPUT: frozen, bananas, dark chocolate, vegetable oil, granola
OUTPUT: TITLE: Frozen Chocolate Bananas | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 ripe but firm bananas; 6 ounces dark chocolate, chopped, or semisweet chocolate chips; 2 tablespoons vegetable oil; 1/2 cup granola, chopped pecans and walnuts, or sprinkles (optional) | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. Line a baking sheet with nonstick foil or parchment paper. 2. Cut the bananas in half and insert a Popsicle stick into each half, as shown. Place them on the baking sheet and freeze for 15 minutes. 3. Meanwhile, melt the chocolate with the oil in a Pyrex measuring cup in the microwave (check it every 30 seconds) or in a half-full pan of simmering water (about 2 minutes). Stir until smooth. 4. Roll each banana half in the chocolate, then quickly sprinkle with your topping (if using). 5. Freeze until the chocolate sets, 30 minutes. Serve or freeze in an airtight container for up to a week. 1. <END>
INPUT: sparkler, pink grapefruit, elderflower syrup, Sparkling water
OUTPUT: TITLE: Elderflower Sparkler | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pink grapefruit, cut in supremes, extra juice reserved; 2 tablespoons elderflower syrup; Sparkling water | INSTRUCTIONS: Cut the grapefruit supremes in chunks and add a few to the bottom of 2 chilled glasses. Add 1 tablespoon of the elderflower syrup to each glass. Divide the reserved grapefruit juice between the glasses and top with sparkling water. <END>
INPUT: club, bacon, chicken breast, brioche bread from, mayonnaise, lettuce leaves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken Club on Brioche Toast | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 slices lean bacon; 1 whole skinless boneless chicken breast (about 1 1/2 pounds); 12 slices of brioche bread cut from large round or rectangular loaves, toasted lightly; 1/2 cup mayonnaise; 8 lettuce leaves, rinsed and spun dry; 8 thin slices of tomato; 8 thin slices of red onion | INSTRUCTIONS: In a small heavy skillet cook the bacon over moderate heat, turning it until it is crisp, transfer it to paper towels to drain, and pour off all but 1 tablespoon of fat from the skillet. In the fat in the skillet the chicken, patted dry and seasoned with pepper, for 6 to 8 minutes on each side, or until it is just springy to the touch, and transfer it to a work surface. Let the chicken stand for 10 minutes and cut it into thin slices. Spread one side of each brioche toast with some of the mayonnaise, sprinkle it with pepper to taste, and layer 4 of the toasts with a lettuce leaf, a tomato slic <END>
INPUT: salad, octopus, parsley, olive oil, oregano, thyme
OUTPUT: TITLE: Braised Octopus and Tangy Potato Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: One 4-pound whole small octopus (2kg); 1/2 cup/125ml chopped fresh parsley; 1 tablespoon/15ml olive oil, plus more for drizzling; 4 sprigs fresh oregano; 4 sprigs fresh thyme; 2 shallots, halved; 1 head garlic, halved horizontally; Salt and freshly cracked pepper; 1/2 cup/125ml sour gherkins, cut into small dice; 1/4 cup/60ml capers; 1/4 cup/60ml olive oil; 1 tablespoon/15ml grainy mustard; 1 tablespoon/15ml white balsamic vinegar; 8 fingerling potatoes, cooked until al dente and thinly sliced; 1 shallot, finely chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: For the octopus: Cut the head off the octopus. Combine the tentacles, parsley, olive oil, oregano, thyme, shallots and garlic in a cast-iron pot over medium-high heat. Cover and gradually bring the mixture to a boil. You don't need to add any liquid to the pot because the octopus will release its own braising liquid. Once it comes to a boil, reduce the heat to medium-low and simmer for 1 hour. Remove the octopus from the heat and let cool in the braising liquid. On a large piece of plastic wrap, lay the tentacles top to tail. Season with salt and cracked pepper. Tightly roll up (it should look <END>
INPUT: Mexican, glaze, lime juice, honey, soy sauce, ginger, lime peel
OUTPUT: TITLE: Swordfish with Lime-Ginger Glaze | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup fresh lime juice; 3 tablespoons honey; 2 tablespoons soy sauce; 1 tablespoon minced peeled fresh ginger; 1/2 teaspoon grated lime peel; 2 6-to-7 ounce swordfish steaks (each about 3/4 to 1 inch thick); Lime wedges | INSTRUCTIONS: Whisk first 5 ingredients in glass pie dish to blend. Add fish; turn to coat with marinade. Refrigerate at least 3 hours or up to 6 hours, turning once. Preheat broiler. Remove fish from marinade; reserve marinade. Place fish on broiler pan or baking sheet. Sprinkle with salt and pepper. Broil fish until opaque in center, about 3 minutes per side. Meanwhile, transfer marinade to heavy small saucepan. Boil marinade until reduced to thin glaze, about 6 minutes. Spoon glaze over fish. Garnish with lime wedges and serve. Whisk first 5 ingredients in glass pie dish to blend. Add fish; turn to coat  <END>
INPUT: stir, bacon, sugar, sherry vinegar, pod star anise, eggs
OUTPUT: TITLE: Bacon and Egg Stir-Fry | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 slices thick-cut bacon, cut into 1/2-inch pieces; 2 tablespoons sugar; 1 tablespoon sherry vinegar; 1 pod star anise; 8 large eggs; 1 tablespoon Shaoxing wine or dry sherry; Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper; 3 scallions, thinly sliced, plus more for topping; 3 large tomatoes, seeded and cut into 1-inch chunks; 1/2 teaspoon sugar; 1 teaspoon cornstarch; Cooked white rice, for serving | INSTRUCTIONS: Make the candied bacon: Cook the bacon in a large nonstick skillet over medium heat, stirring occasionally, until crisp, about 10 minutes; remove with a slotted spoon and drain on paper towels. Pour the drippings into a small bowl and set aside; wipe out the skillet. Cook the sugar with 1 teaspoon water in a small saucepan over medium heat, swirling the pan occasionally, until dark amber, about 5 minutes. Stir in the vinegar and star anise; simmer 1 more minute. Stir in the bacon until coated, then spread out in a single layer on a baking sheet to cool; discard the star anise. Make the stir-fr <END>
INPUT: Asian, vegetable, stew, enoki mushrooms
OUTPUT: TITLE: Japanese Beef and Vegetable Stew | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1 (3/4-pound) piece center-cut beef tenderloin; 2 (1 3/4 ounce) skeins very thin bean thread noodles (also known as cellophane, glass, or mung-bean vermicelli); 1 (2- to 3-pound) head Napa cabbage; 1/2 of a (14- to 16-ounce) package firm tofu (halve lengthwise), rinsed and drained; 6 to 8 ounces fresh enoki mushrooms, trimmed; 3 1/4 cups water; 3/4 cup soy sauce (preferably naturally brewed), or to taste; 2/3 cup mirin (Japanese sweet rice wine); 1 1/2 to 2 tablespoons sugar, or to taste; 1 ounce beef suet; 4 negi (Japanese leeks) or 1 bunch large scallions, white and pale green parts only, cut diagonally into 2-inch pieces; 8 large fresh shiitake mushrooms (6 ounces total), stems discarded and caps halved; 1/4 pound Japanese greens, such as chrysanthemum (sometimes labeled "shungiku"), mizuna, or watercress, cut into 3-inch pieces (4 cups); 4 large eggs (optional); Special equipment : a deep 12-inch heavy skillet (3 1/2-quart capacity) | INSTRUCTIONS: Wrap beef tenderloin in plastic wrap and freeze until firm but not frozen solid, about 45 minutes. Discard plastic wrap, then slice beef across the grain with a sharp knife into very thin slices (less than 1/8 inch thick). Arrange slices in 1 layer on a plate and chill, covered, until ready to use. Cover noodles with cold water by 2 inches in a large bowl and let stand until softened, at least 15 minutes, then drain in a colander and transfer to a bowl. Quarter cabbage lengthwise and reserve three quarters for another use. Cook remaining cabbage wedge (including core) in a large pot of boiling <END>
INPUT: raisins, dark rum, half half, salt, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Raisin Tart | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 cup raisins; 1 1/2 tablespoons dark rum; 3 cups half-and-half; Pinch salt; 3/4 cup sugar; 1 to 2 vanilla beans, slit lengthwise; 6 egg yolks; 1/2 cup all-purpose flour; Basic Tart Crust, recipe follows; 1 large egg, lightly beaten; Hot Buttered Rum Sauce, recipe follows; 8 tablespoons (1 stick) room temperature unsalted butter, chopped, plus more for buttering tart pan; Pinch salt; 2 tablespoons sugar; 1/4 cup half-and-half | INSTRUCTIONS: Soak the raisins in the rum in a small bowl at room temperature for at least 4 hours or overnight, stirring occasionally. Place the half-and-half, salt, and 1/4 cup sugar in a heavy, large saucepan. Scrape the seeds from the vanilla beans into the mixture, add the beans and bring to a boil over medium-high heat. Remove from the heat and let the vanilla beans steep for at least 1 hour or until the mixture cools to room temperature. Beat the yolks and 1/2 cup sugar using an electric mixer until thick and pale lemon in color. Mix in the flour. Reheat the milk mixture and discard the vanilla beans <END>
INPUT: soup, olive oil, carrot, sweet onion, orange bell peppers, baking potato
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Yellow Pepper Soup | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon olive oil; 1 small carrot, peeled and finely diced; 1/2 small sweet onion, minced; 1 1/2 pound yellow and orange bell peppers, roasted, peeled, cut into small strips; 1 baking potato (about 12 ounces) peeled and diced into 1/2-inch cubes; 3 cups vegetable or chicken stock; Salt and pepper; 2 tablespoons prepared pesto | INSTRUCTIONS: In a 3-quart saucepan heat olive oil. Add carrots and onions and cook until soft. Add peppers and cook 2 minutes more. Add potatoes and stock and bring to a boil. Reduce heat and simmer until potatoes are cooked through and starting to fall apart, about 25 minutes. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Use a stick blender, food processor or blender to puree soup. If necessary, return to pot and reheat. Garnish each portion with 1 teaspoon of pesto. Serve immediately. <END>
INPUT: sauce, garlic, plain Greek yogurt, virgin olive oil, sumac more serving, Kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Yogurt and Sumac Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 small garlic clove, finely chopped; 1 cup plain Greek yogurt; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil plus more for serving; 1/2 teaspoon sumac plus more for serving; Kosher salt; Coal-Roasted Eggplants; Ingredient info: Sumac, a tart, citrusy spice generally sold in ground form, is available at Middle Eastern markets, specialty foods stores, and onlin | INSTRUCTIONS: Whisk garlic, yogurt, 2 tablespoons oil, and 1/2 teaspoon sumac in a medium bowl; season with salt. Spoon sauce onto a platter. Place eggplants on top. Season with salt, drizzle with oil, and sprinkle with sumac. DO AHEAD: Yogurt and Sumac Sauce can be made 1 day ahead. Cover and chill. Whisk garlic, yogurt, 2 tablespoons oil, and 1/2 teaspoon sumac in a medium bowl; season with salt. Spoon sauce onto a platter. Place eggplants on top. Season with salt, drizzle with oil, and sprinkle with sumac. DO AHEAD: Yogurt and Sumac Sauce can be made 1 day ahead. Cover and chill. <END>
INPUT: pulled, mole, onions, chicken thighs, Mexican style beer, bay leaves, ancho chilies
OUTPUT: TITLE: Beer-Poached Pulled Chicken Mole | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 medium onions; 8 boneless chicken thighs; 1 Mexican-style beer (recommended: Negra Modela); 4 fresh bay leaves; 3 ancho chilies, seeded and stemmed; 1/4 cup sliced almonds; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 4 cloves garlic, thinly sliced; 2 tablespoons golden raisins; 1 red chile pepper, such as Fresno or Holland; 2 small stems fresh oregano or marjoram, finely chopped; 1 tablespoon cumin; 2 tablespoons unsweetened Mexican cocoa powder; Pinch cinnamon; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Quarter one of the onions and place in a large pot with the chicken, beer, and 2 bay leaves. Add just enough water to come up to the top of the chicken pieces. Bring to a low boil over medium-high heat, and then lower the heat and simmer until cooked through, 12 to 15 minutes. Remove the chicken from the hot liquid to a bowl and shred the meat with forks. Strain and reserve the stock. Meanwhile, in a small pot, cover the anchos with just enough water to cover and simmer to reconstitute, 8 to 10 minutes. Add the anchos to a food processor bowl, reserving the cooking liquid. Toast the almonds in <END>
INPUT: Mexican, margaritas, Salt, orange flavored liqueur, Triple Sec, tequila, seedless watermelon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Watermelon Margaritas | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: Salt, for glass rims; 1/3 cup orange-flavored liqueur (recommended: Cointreau); 1/4 cup Triple Sec; 3/4 cup tequila; 4 ounces seedless watermelon, small diced; 1 lime | INSTRUCTIONS: Pour salt in a shallow dish for dipping the rims of the glasses. Dip 4 martini glasses in water and then dip the rims in salt. Place in the freezer to frost, about 30 minutes. In a martini shaker shake together the orange-liqueur, Triple Sec, and tequila. Remove glasses from the freezer. Fill the bottom of each glass with the diced watermelon and pour alcohol mixture over the top, dividing evenly among the glasses. Slice lime into wedges and squeeze into glasses. Serve immediately. <END>
INPUT: charred, bread, crusty baguette, garlic, Roma tomato, Salt, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Charred Bread with Garlic and Tomato | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 crusty baguette, cut into 8 pieces; 2 cloves garlic, peeled; 1 Roma tomato; Salt; Freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Toast the baguette pieces under the broiler until golden brown. Cut the garlic cloves in half, then rub them on the baguette pieces. Cut the tomato in 1/2, then rub it on the baguette pieces. Season the bread with salt and pepper and serve immediately. <END>
INPUT: crepes, milk, all purpose flour, eggs, sugar, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Crepes with Brown Sugar Pears and Fudge Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cups whole milk; 1 cup plus 2 tablespoons all purpose flour; 3 large eggs; 2 teaspoons sugar; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, melted; Additional melted butter; Brown Sugar Pears; Vanilla ice cream; Fudge Sauce | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine milk, flour, eggs, sugar and salt in blender. Blend until smooth, occasionally scraping down sides of blender, about 2 minutes. Add 1 tablespoon melted butter and blend 30 seconds. Cover and refrigerate crepe batter in blender container at least 1 hour and up to 4 hours. Reblend batter 15 seconds. Heat nonstick skillet with 8-inch-diameter bottom over medium-high heat. Brush with melted butter. Pour 1/4 cup batter into skillet, tilting skillet quickly to coat bottom evenly. Cook until top of crepe appears dry and bottom is golden, loosening edges of crepe with spatula, about 45 seconds <END>
INPUT: American, burger, turkey breast, onions, bell pepper, egg whites, watercress leaves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Turkey Burger | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound ground turkey breast; 1 cup chopped red onions; 1/2 cup chopped red bell pepper; 2 egg whites; 1/4 cup chopped fresh watercress leaves; 1/4 cup teriyaki sauce; 2 tablespoons jerk seasoning; 2 sprays canola oil cooking spray; 6 whole wheat buns; 1/4 cup reduced-calorie mayonnaise; 1 large tomato, sliced | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large bowl, combine ground turkey, onion, bell pepper, egg whites, watercress, teriyaki sauce, and jerk seasoning until well blended. With clean hands, form the turkey mixture into 6 equal patties. Heat a non-stick griddle (or large non-stick pan) over medium-high heat and spray twice lightly with canola oil cooking spray. Place each patty on griddle, in batches if necessary, and cook for 3 minutes. Flip burgers and cook for another 3 minutes. Alternatively, cook burgers on an outdoor grill for 3 minutes on each side. Remove patties from griddle (or grill). Spread 1/6 of the mayonnaise ov <END>
INPUT: Asian, tofu, Salt, pork belly, fermented kimchee, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tofu with Pork Belly and Kimchee | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1 package firm tofu; Salt; 150 grams pork belly, thinly sliced (slice thicker if preferred); 12 ounces fermented kimchee, chopped; 1 cup sliced onion; 1 jalapeno, sliced; 1 green onion, cut into 2- to 2 1/2-inch pieces; 1/2 teaspoon crushed garlic; 1 teaspoon sugar; 1 teaspoon oyster sauce; 2 tablespoons Korean chile flakes; 2 teaspoons corn syrup; 2 teaspoons soy sauce; 1/2 teaspoon sesame oil; 1/4 teaspoon sesame seeds | INSTRUCTIONS: Cut the tofu into rectangles and sprinkle with a little salt. Steam, saute or even microwave the tofu, just to heat it up. Heat a saute pan over high heat for 30 seconds. Add the sliced pork belly and cook for about 5 minutes, until cooked through. Add the kimchee, onion, jalapeno, green onion, garlic, sugar, oyster sauce, chile flakes, corn syrup and soy sauce. Saute for 3 minutes. Plate the tofu like dominoes and top with the kimchee-pork belly mixture. Drizzle with sesame oil and garnish with sesame seeds. <END>
INPUT: warm, vinaigrette, olive oil, butternut squash, Kosher salt pepper, vegetable broth, tangerines
OUTPUT: TITLE: Warm Butternut Squash Salad with Tangerine-Rosemary Vinaigrette | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup plus 2 tablespoons olive oil; One 2-pound butternut squash, peeled, seeded and cut into 1-inch cubes (about 5 cups); Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 cup vegetable broth; 4 tangerines; 1 teaspoon fresh rosemary, roughly chopped; 6 ounces mixed salad greens or spinach, rinsed and dried; 1/4 cup cranberries | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Heat 1/4 cup olive oil in a large, heavy saute pan over medium-high heat. Add the squash. Season with some salt and pepper. Saute until slightly browned and softened, 8 to 10 minutes. Add the vegetable broth. Reduce the heat to medium-low and simmer, covered, until cooked through, 15 to 20 minutes. Season with more salt and pepper, and set the squash aside to cool slightly. Meanwhile, prepare the tangerines and vinaigrette. Peel 3 of the tangerines and slice them into 1-inch rounds, removing any seeds. Place the sliced tangerines in a bowl. To make the vinaigrett <END>
INPUT: pork loin roast, olive oil, Kosher salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Pork Loin | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: One 2 1/2-pound boneless pork loin roast; 1/4 cup olive oil; Kosher salt and cracked black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Drizzle the oil over the pork and sprinkle liberally with salt and pepper. Transfer the pork to a rack over a heavy-bottomed roasting pan. Roast the pork until a meat thermometer inserted into the thickest part of the loin reads 140 degrees F, about 1 hour. Let the pork rest for 10 minutes, before storing and reserving for leftover recipes. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, salad, corn, mangoes, jicama, onion, cilantro
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mango, Jícama and Corn Salad | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 6 ears fresh corn; 6 small mangoes, peeled, pitted, coarsely chopped; 2 pounds jicama, peeled, chopped; 1 cup chopped red onion; 1/2 cup fresh chopped cilantro; 1/2 cup fresh lime juice | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook corn in pot of boiling salted water 2 minutes. Drain and cool corn. Cut off enough kernels to measure 4 cups (reserve remaining corn for another use). Place corn in medium bowl. Add mangoes, jicama, red onion, cilantro and lime juice. Toss to combine. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Cover and refrigerate until cold. (Can be prepared 3 hours ahead. Keep refrigerated.) Serve cold. Cook corn in pot of boiling salted water 2 minutes. Drain and cool corn. Cut off enough kernels to measure 4 cups (reserve remaining corn for another use). Place corn in medium bowl. Add mangoes, jicama, red <END>
INPUT: Mexican, custard, sheet refrigerated pie, all purpose flour, eggs, coconut oil, half half
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lime-Coconut Custard Pie | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 sheet refrigerated pie dough (half of a 14-ounce box); 2 tablespoons all-purpose flour, plus more for dusting; 2 large eggs; 1/4 cup coconut oil, melted; 1 1/4 cups half-and-half; 1 1/4 cups plus 1 tablespoon sweetened shredded coconut; 3/4 cup sugar; Finely grated zest of 2 limes, plus the juice of 1 lime; 1/2 cup cold heavy cream; 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Roll out the pie dough into a 12-inch round on a lightly floured surface. Ease into a 9-inch pie plate; fold the overhanging dough under itself and crimp as desired. Whisk the eggs in a large bowl. Stir in the coconut oil, half-and-half, 1¼ cups shredded coconut, the sugar, flour, lime juice and all but ½ teaspoon lime zest. Pour into the prepared crust. Bake until the filling is set and the crust is golden brown, 50 to 55 minutes. (Tent the crust with foil if it is browning too quickly.) Transfer to a rack and let cool completely, 1 to 2 hours. Meanwhile, sp <END>
INPUT: Italian, salad, dressing, cherry tomatoes, Salt pepper, buttermilk, sour cream, chiffonade basil leaves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cherry Tomato Salad with Buttermilk Basil Dressing | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 6 cups red and yellow cherry tomatoes, some halved; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2/3 cup buttermilk; 1/4 cup sour cream; 3 tablespoons finely chiffonade fresh basil leaves; 1 shallot, minced; 2 garlic cloves, minced | INSTRUCTIONS: Add the cherry tomatoes to a large serving bowl. Season with salt and pepper, to taste, and toss. In another bowl, whisk together the buttermilk, sour cream, basil, shallots, and garlic. Season with pepper, to taste. Drizzle dressing over tomatoes and toss. Serve immediately. <END>
INPUT: American, brisket, Kosher salt pepper, Swiss cheese, hamburger buns
OUTPUT: TITLE: The Burger Bar | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 pounds brisket, ground; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 4 thin slices Swiss cheese; 4 hamburger buns, split | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat a large cast-iron skillet to medium hot. Take a few paper towels and fold them several times to make a thick square. Blot a small amount of oil on the paper towel and carefully and quickly wipe the hot skillet to make a nonstick surface. Season the ground meat in a bowl with salt and pepper. Give it about 3 turns in the bowl with your hands or a big spoon and it's done. Shape into 4 patties. When the skillet is hot, put the burgers on the skillet and cook 4 minutes on the first side and 5 for the second side for rare; 7 minutes per side for medium, adding <END>
INPUT: cake, bittersweet chocolate, unsweetened cocoa powder, boiling water, all purpose flour, baking soda
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate Mayonnaise Cake | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 ounces bittersweet chocolate (do not exceed 61% cacao), chopped; 2/3 cup unsweetened cocoa powder; 1 3/4 cups boiling water; 2 3/4 cups all purpose flour; 1 1/4 teaspoons baking soda; 1/4 teaspoon baking powder; 1 cup sugar; 1 cup (packed) dark brown sugar; 1 1/3 cups mayonnaise (do not use reduced-fat or fat-free); 2 large eggs; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; 10 ounces bittersweet chocolate (do not exceed 61% cacao), chopped; 1 1/2 cups (3 sticks) unsalted butter, room temperature; 3 cups powdered sugar; 1 tablespoon vanilla extract | INSTRUCTIONS: For cake: Preheat oven to 350°F. Butter and flour three 8-inch-diameter cake pans with 1 1/2-inch-high sides. Combine chopped chocolate and cocoa powder in medium metal bowl. Add 1 3/4 cups boiling water and whisk until chocolate is melted and mixture is smooth. Sift flour, baking soda, and baking powder into another medium bowl.Using electric mixer, beat both sugars and mayonnaise in large bowl until well blended, 2 to 3 minutes. Add eggs 1 at a time, beating until well blended after each addition. Beat in vanilla. Add flour mixture in 4 additions alternately with chocolate mixture in 3 addit <END>
INPUT: strawberries, balsamic vinegar, sugar, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Strawberries with Balsamic Vinegar | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 cups strawberries, quartered; 4 tablespoons balsamic vinegar; 2 tablespoons sugar; Freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Toss the strawberries, balsamic vinegar, sugar, and freshly ground black pepper to taste, in a mixing bowl. Divide the berries among martini glasses and serve immediately. <END>
INPUT: personal, paella, seafood stock clam, crumbled saffron, pimenton, cleaned squid, Kosher sea salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Personal Paella with Squid and Scallions | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup seafood stock or clam juice; Small pinch of crumbled saffron; 1/4 teaspoon pimenton (smoked Spanish paprika); 4 to 5 ounces cleaned squid, bodies cut into 1/4-inch rings and tentacles halved lengthwise; Kosher or sea salt; Freshly ground black pepper; 2 teaspoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1/8 teaspoon red pepper flakes, or more to taste; 2 scallions, white and green parts, thinly sliced; 2 cloves garlic, minced; 1/3 cup Arborio, Bomba, or other short-grain rice; 4 large cherry tomatoes, quartered | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 400°F. Combine the seafood stock, saffron, and pimenton in a small saucepan over medium heat and bring to a simmer; reduce the heat to very low and cover. Lightly season the squid with salt and pepper. In an 8-inch cast-iron or other heavy skillet, heat 1 teaspoon of the olive oil over medium-high heat. When it shimmers, add the squid and cook, stirring frequently, just until the squid lose any translucence and exude their juices, 30 to 60 seconds. Transfer the squid to a plate and decrease the heat to medium. Add the remaining 1 teaspoon of oil, then the red pepper flakes, <END>
INPUT: salad, vinaigrette, wildflower honey, blackberry vinegar, shallots, parsley, chervil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Field Green Salad with Wildflower Honey and Blackberry Hazelnut Vinaigrette | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon wildflower honey; 1/4 cup blackberry vinegar; 1 teaspoon minced shallots; 1 tablespoon chopped parsley; 1 tablespoon chopped chervil; Salt and pepper; 1/4 cup hazelnut oil; 1/2 cup almond oil; 1 pound baby field greens; 1 cup edible wildflowers | INSTRUCTIONS: To prepare the vinaigrette: in a small bowl, combine the honey, vinegar, shallots, herbs, salt, and pepper. Whisk together until well blended. Slowly whisk in the 2 oils until emulsified. Reserve. In another bowl, combine the field greens and edible flowers. Season with salt and pepper. Lightly dress with the prepared vinaigrette. Mound onto chilled salad plates. <END>
INPUT: Indian, croutes, olive oil, onions, two eye steaks, curry powder, two country style
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Rib-Eye Steaks on Sauteed Onions and Garlic Croutes with Curry Oil | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons olive oil; 2 large onions, sliced thin; two 1-inch-thick boneless rib-eye steaks (about 6 ounces each); 1/2 teaspoon curry powder; two 1/2-inch-thick slices country-style bread; 1 garlic clove, halved lengthwise | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large heavy skillet heat 1 tablespoon oil over moderate heat until hot but not smoking and cook onions with salt and pepper to taste, stirring, 15 minutes, or until golden brown. Keep onions warm, covered. Pat steaks dry and season with salt and pepper. Heat an oiled well-seasoned ridged grill pan over moderately high heat until hot but not smoking and grill steaks 3 to 4 minutes on each side for medium-rare. While steaks are grilling, in a small saucepan stir together curry powder and remaining tablespoon oil and heat over moderate heat until hot but not smoking. Remove pan from heat and <END>
INPUT: Mexican, burrito, quick rice, Mexican salsa verde, cilantro, vegetable oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Quick Sweet Potato, Mushroom, and Black Bean Burrito | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 cup quick-cooking white rice; 2/3 cup Mexican salsa verde, divided; 4 tablespoons chopped cilantro, divided; 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, divided; 1 medium (about 8 ounces) sweet potato, grated; 1 teaspoon kosher salt, divided; 1 teaspoon ground cumin, divided; 1/2 teaspoon cayenne pepper, divided; 8 ounces sliced button mushrooms; 1/2 medium red onion, thinly sliced; 1 (16-ounce) can black beans, rinsed, drained; 5 ounces baby spinach; 1 lime, halved; 4 (12") flour tortillas; 1/3 cup sour cream | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook rice according to package directions. Fluff with a fork and stir in 1/3 cup salsa and 2 Tbsp. cilantro. Meanwhile, heat 1 Tbsp. oil over medium-high in a large nonstick skillet. Add sweet potato and cook, stirring occasionally, until softened, 3 minutes. Stir in 1/2 tsp. salt, 1/2 tsp. cumin, and 1/4 tsp. cayenne, then transfer to a large bowl. Heat remaining 1 Tbsp. oil in another large skillet, add mushrooms, and cook, stirring, until mushrooms begin to brown and release moisture, about 3 minutes. Add onion and remaining 1/2 tsp. salt, 1/2 tsp. cumin, and 1/4 tsp. cayenne; cook, stirrin <END>
INPUT: rustic, soup, polenta, all purpose flour, butter, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Rustic Spinach and Cornmeal Soup | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 cups (or more) low-salt chicken broth or vegetable broth; 3/4 cup polenta (coarse cornmeal); 3 tablespoons all purpose flour; 3 tablespoons butter; 2 garlic cloves, peeled, crushed; Coarse kosher salt; 8 ounces baby spinach leaves; Ingredient Info: Polenta is sold at some supermarkets and at natural foods stores and Italian markets. If unavailable, substitute an equal amount of r | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring 6 cups broth to simmer in large saucepan; cover to keep warm. Whisk polenta and flour in heavy large pot. Add 1 cup hot broth; whisk over medium-high heat until smooth. Stir in butter and garlic; sprinkle lightly with coarse salt. Gradually add 5 cups hot broth by cupfuls. Boil gently over medium heat until polenta is tender and soup is creamy and thickened, whisking frequently and adding more broth to thin, if desired, about 25 minutes. Stir in spinach by handfuls; simmer until wilted, stirring often, 5 to 7 minutes longer. Season with more coarse salt and black pepper. Ladle soup into  <END>
INPUT: deep, eggs, unbleached all purpose, panko breadcrumbs, Kosher salt pepper, vegetable oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Deep Fried Poached Egg Over Heirloom Tomato | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 large eggs, whole, plus 2 large eggs, lightly beaten; 1 cup unbleached all-purpose flour; 1 cups panko breadcrumbs; Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper; 7 to 8 cups vegetable oil; 1 large heirloom tomato, cut into 4 thick slices | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Prepare a bowl with ice and water. Line a sheet pan with paper towels. In a 5-quart pot, bring 6 cups water to a boil over moderately-high heat. After the water has reached a boil, turn off the heat. Crack each egg into a ramekin and quickly add to the water. Once you have added all the eggs, cover the pot and set aside for 3 minutes. Using a slotted spoon, very carefully lift the eggs out of the water and directly into the bowl of ice water to stop the cooking. Remove from the ice water and place on the prepared sheet pan. Spread the flour on a plate and put the <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, salad, quinoa, water, salt, bulgur, olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Quinoa and Bulgur Salad with Feta | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 1/3 cup quinoa; 4 cups water; 1 1/2 teaspoons salt; 1/3 cup medium bulgur; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 3/4 teaspoon dried mint, crumbled; 1/4 teaspoon black pepper; 4 brine-cured black olives, such as Kalamata, pitted and cut into slivers; 2 radishes, quartered and thinly sliced; 2 oz feta, coarsely crumbled (1/2 cup); 1 head Bibb lettuce, cut into 1/4-inch strips (4 cups) | INSTRUCTIONS: Wash quinoa in 3 changes of cold water in a bowl, draining in a sieve between changes of water. Stir together quinoa, 4 cups water, and 3/4 teaspoon salt in a 2- to 3-quart saucepan, and simmer, uncovered, until quinoa is just tender and germ starts to separate from grain, about 20 minutes. Drain well in sieve, then transfer to a medium bowl. While quinoa is simmering, cover bulgur with warm water by 2 inches and soak until tender and chewy, about 10 minutes. Drain well in a sieve, then stir into drained quinoa. Cool grains completely, about 20 minutes. While grains cool, stir together oil, le <END>
INPUT: Italian, pasta, all purpose flour, semolina flour, olive oil, hot Italian sausage
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fresh Pasta With Clams And Hot Italian Sausage | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup plus 1 tablespoon all-purpose flour, plus more; 1/4 cup semolina flour, plus more; 1/4 teaspoon olive oil; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 4 ounces hot Italian sausage, casing removed; 2 cloves garlic, thinly sliced; 1 pound Manila or littleneck clams, scrubbed; 1/4 cup dry white wine; Kosher salt; 1 tablespoon unsalted butter; 1 tablespoon finely chopped parsley | INSTRUCTIONS: For the dough: Combine 1/2 cup plus 1 Tbsp. all-purpose flour and 1/4 cup semolina flour in a large bowl. Add oil and 1/4 cup warm water and mix with a fork until a stiff dough forms. Turn out onto a lightly floured surface and knead until smooth and elastic, 8–10 minutes. Wrap tightly in plastic; let sit at room temperature 1 hour. Cut dough in half. Working with a piece at a time and keeping remaining dough wrapped in plastic, roll dough into a 9x3/4" log. Cut on a diagonal into 1/2" pieces; dust with all-purpose flour. Working with 1 piece of dough at a time, roll out between your palms to  <END>
INPUT: boozy, granulated sugar, orange flavored liqueur, Juice lime, strawberries, coconut
OUTPUT: TITLE: Boozy Strawberries with Coconut | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons granulated sugar; 2 tablespoons orange-flavored liqueur; Juice of 1/2 lime; 2 cups strawberries, hulled and quartered; 1/2 fresh coconut, freshly grated | INSTRUCTIONS: In a medium bowl, mix the sugar with the liqueur, and lime juice. Let the flavors marry for 10 minutes, stirring occasionally, so the sugar dissolves. Meanwhile, hull the strawberries, and cut them into quarters. Mix the coconut with the liqueur, and lime mixture. Spoon a layer of coconut, and then a layer of strawberries into 4 cocktail glasses. Repeat with the remaining ingredients. <END>
INPUT: Asian, toast, block tofu, Coconut oil vegetable, avocado, salt free garlic, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Avocado Tofu Toast | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: One 12-ounce block firm tofu, pressed and drained; Coconut oil spray or vegetable oil spray; 1 avocado, sliced; 1/2 teaspoon salt-free garlic powder; Freshly ground black pepper; Pinch red pepper flakes; Serving suggestions: sprouts, thinly sliced radishes, chopped hard-boiled egg, optional | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Cover a baking sheet with parchment paper. Cut the tofu block in half, lengthwise through the middle, making two blocks about 3/4-inch thick. Then slice the two blocks in half, this time through the center, making 4 triangular pieces of "tofu toast." Place the tofu in a single layer on the parchment. Spray the top with oil and bake until golden, crispy and slightly bubbling on the top, about 20 minutes. Take the tofu out of the oven, flip each piece over and spray with oil. Then return to the oven to cook for another 10 minutes. Let it cool slightly, 5 to 10  <END>
INPUT: kosher salt, rosemary leaves, garlic, Dijon mustard, balsamic vinegar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Rack of Lamb | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 tablespoons kosher salt; 2 tablespoons minced fresh rosemary leaves; 3 garlic cloves, minced; 1/2 cup Dijon mustard; 1 tablespoon balsamic vinegar; 2 racks of lamb, "frenched" (see note) | INSTRUCTIONS: In the bowl of a food processor fitted with a steel blade, process the salt, rosemary, and garlic until they're as finely minced as possible. Add the mustard and balsamic vinegar and process for 1 minute. Place the lamb in a roasting or sheet pan with the ribs curving down, and coat the tops with the mustard mixture. Allow to stand for 1 hour at room temperature. Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F. Roast the lamb for exactly 20 minutes for rare or 25 minutes for medium-rare. Remove from the oven and cover with aluminum foil. Allow to sit for 15 minutes, then cut into individual ribs and serve.  <END>
INPUT: jimmy, tenderloin tips, mushrooms, olive oil, garlic, shallots
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tenderloin Tips Jimmy | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 pounds tenderloin tips, in 4 (even-sized) pieces, trimmed; 8 ounces dried mushrooms, soaked in 1/2 cup warm water for 10 minutes; 3 tablespoons olive oil; 1 clove garlic, roughly chopped; 4 shallots, roughly chopped; 3 serrano chiles, roughly chopped; 4 ounces onion, about 2 small, finely sliced; 6 ounces sherry; 4 ounces Port; 8 ounces beef stock; Salt, to taste; Pepper, to taste; 1/4 cup plus 1 teaspoon salted butter; 1/4 cup whipping cream; 1 teaspoon flour | INSTRUCTIONS: Slice tenderloin tips down center, careful not to cut all the way through. Pound meat flat with back of knife. Preheat broiler. Drain mushrooms, reserving liquid. Heat 1 tablespoon olive oil in large frying pan over high heat and add garlic. Cook for 1 minute, to release flavor, then add shallots, chiles and 1/2 sliced onion. Add 4 ounces sherry, port and 3/8 cup liquid from mushrooms. Bring marinade to boil. Lay meat fillets in shallow dish, season with salt and pepper and strain marinade over them, reserving vegetables. Return vegetables to pan and add beef stock. Cook on high heat and reduc <END>
INPUT: not overly bananas, sugar, so lime lemon, Sour cream, nuts
OUTPUT: TITLE: Broiled Bananas | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 ripe but not overly ripe bananas; 2 tablespoons brown sugar; 1 tablespoon or so of fresh lime or lemon juice; Sour cream, optional; Chopped nuts, optional | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat broiler. Peel bananas and slice them crosswise into 3/4-inch thick slices. Mix the brown sugar and lime juice and toss this with bananas. Spread the sliced bananas in a shallow baking pan and broil, as close to the heat source as possible, until the sugar has melted into a glaze - 2 to 3 minutes. Transfer to a pretty serving bowl and serve immediately - topped with sour cream and nuts if you wish. <END>
INPUT: avocado, sour cream, Parmesan, Juice lime, cayenne pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Creamy Avocado Dip | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 firm-ripe avocado, halved, pitted and cut into large chunks; 1/4 cup sour cream; 3 tablespoons grated Parmesan; Juice of 1 lime; Pinch cayenne pepper; Kosher salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Process or blend the avocado, sour cream, Parmesan, lime juice, 1 tablespoon water, cayenne and 1/2 teaspoon salt in a food processor or blender until smooth and creamy. Serve right away. <END>
INPUT: cornbread, unsalted butter, all purpose flour, sugar, cornmeal, baking powder
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cornbread With Creme Fraiche | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 stick unsalted butter, plus more for the dish; 1 cup all-purpose flour; 2 tablespoons sugar; 3/4 cup cornmeal; 1 teaspoon baking powder; 1 1/2 teaspoons salt; 1/2 cup whole milk; 3 large eggs; 1/2 cup creme fraiche | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Generously butter a 9-by-13-inch baking dish. Sift the flour, sugar, cornmeal, baking powder and salt together into a large bowl and set aside. Heat the milk and 1 stick butter in a small saucepan over medium heat until the butter melts (do not let the mixture boil). Whisk the butter mixture, eggs and creme fraiche in a small bowl, then whisk into the dry ingredients until smooth. Pour the batter into the prepared pan and bake until a toothpick inserted into the center comes out clean, 12 to 15 minutes. Transfer to a rack to cool slightly before slicing. Phot <END>
INPUT: Mexican, moroccan, broth, olive oil, Spanish chorizo, garlic, shallots, cumin
OUTPUT: TITLE: Shrimp and Truffled Grits with Moroccan Chorizo Broth | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons olive oil; 4 ounces Spanish chorizo, roughly chopped (about 1/2 cup); 1 tablespoon minced garlic; 1 tablespoon minced shallots; 1 teaspoon toasted cumin; 1 teaspoon smoked paprika; A pinch cayenne pepper; 1 cup clam juice; 1 cup heavy cream; 1 tablespoon butter; 12 ounces Florida rock shrimp; 4 organic eggs; Truffled Grits with Aged Cheddar, recipe follows; Tomato Jam, recipe follows; Crusty white bread, for serving | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. In a hot saute pan over medium heat, add the olive oil and sweat the chorizo until the fat starts to render, about 1 1/2 minutes. Then add the garlic and shallots. Cook until fragrant, about 1 minute. Add the cumin, smoked paprika and cayenne pepper. Deglaze with the clam juice and add the heavy cream. Allow to reduce by half. Finish with the butter and keep warm until ready to serve. When ready to serve, add the rock shrimp and cook for about 2 minutes. Fry the eggs according to your preference. Serve the shrimp and chorizo over the Truffled Grits with Aged Ched <END>
INPUT: American, frittata, olive oil, spinach, garlic, asparagus, eggs
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spinach and Asparagus Frittata | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 4 tablespoons olive oil; 1 pound spinach, washed and drained with stems removed; 2 cloves garlic, minced or mashed; 1 pound asparagus, cut into 1-inch pieces; 8 eggs, beaten; 3 tablespoons whipping cream or water; 1/4 teaspoon salt; Pepper to taste; 2 tablespoons Parmesan cheese, shredded | INSTRUCTIONS: In a saute pan heat 1 tablespoon oil. Add spinach and garlic and saute until spinach is wilted and much of its liquid has evaporated. In a saucepan bring salted water to a boil. Blanch asparagus and refresh in ice water. Drain and pat dry. In a large bowl beat eggs, cream, salt and pepper. In a large saute pan heat 3 tablespoons oil. Add half of beaten, seasoned eggs. As they begin to set around the edges, add spinach and asparagus and start gently lifting egg mixture from sides of pan and push to center, allowing uncooked mixture to contact pan surface. Add remaining beaten eggs. Continue gen <END>
INPUT: raspberry, parfait, chocolate angel food, framboise, very heavy cream, sugar, best quality cocoa
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate Angel Food Cake and Raspberry Parfait | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 store bought chocolate angel food cake, cut into cubes; 1/4 cup framboise; 1 cup very cold heavy cream; 3 tablespoons sugar; 3 tablespoons best-quality cocoa powder; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; 1 pint fresh raspberries; Grated bittersweet chocolate | INSTRUCTIONS: Drizzle cake cubes with framboise and toss to combine. Using a hand held mixer, beat together the cream, sugar, cocoa powder and vanilla until stiff peaks form. Keep cold until ready to serve. Place a few cubes of the angel food cake in the bottom of 4 parfait glasses. Top with a few tablespoons of the chocolate cream, a few tablespoons of raspberries and a little grated chocolate. Repeat to make 4 layers, ending with chocolate cream. Garnish with a few raspberries and grated chocolate. <END>
INPUT: herbs, baby beets, Olive oil, Kosher salt pepper, parsley, tarragon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Beets with Herbs | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 bunches baby beets, peeled and halved; Olive oil, for roasting; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh parsley; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh tarragon | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Toss the beets in enough olive oil to thoroughly coat. Season with some salt and pepper. Spread the beets on a large baking sheet without crowding. Roast until browned around the edges and fork-tender, about 35 minutes. Toss them with the parsley and tarragon and serve. <END>
INPUT: panfried, onion, Salt pepper, garlic, Oyster mushrooms
OUTPUT: TITLE: Panfried Chicken with Ancho Chiles and Mushrooms | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 8 tablespoons (1 stick) unsalted butter; 1 medium onion, sliced; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 to 4 garlic cloves, sliced; 1/2 pound Oyster mushrooms, cleaned and sliced; 1/2 pound white mushrooms, cleaned and sliced; 1 cup dry white wine; 3 to 4 dried Ancho chiles, wiped clean, stemmed and seeded; 2 1/2 cups chicken stock; Juice of 1 lime; 1/4 cup olive oil; 3 large whole boneless chicken breasts with skin, split | INSTRUCTIONS: Melt 4 tablespoons of the butter in a medium saucepan over moderate heat. Saute the onions with 1/2 teaspoon each of salt and pepper until golden brown, 8 to 10 minutes. Add the garlic and half of each of the mushrooms. Turn up the heat and cook the mushrooms, stirring frequently, until golden. Pour in the wine and cook until most of the liquid has evaporated. Meanwhile, place the Ancho chiles over a burner and toast all over just until soft and the skin is slightly bubbly. Roughly chop half the chiles and add to the pot, reserving the rest. Add the chicken stock to the pot and boil about 12 m <END>
INPUT: Mexican, greek, Juice lime lemon, olive oil, garlic, coriander, cumin
OUTPUT: TITLE: Greek Chicken in a Pita | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: Juice of a lime or lemon; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 2 clove garlic, peeled; 1 teaspoons ground coriander; 1 teaspoon cumin; Salt and pepper; 1/2 cup mint or cilantro leaves; 2 boneless, skinless chicken breasts, Sliced into thin strips; 1 cup plain yogurt; 1/2 cucumber, peeled and chopped; 2 tablespoons chopped mint; 1 tomato, chopped; Mixed lettuce leaves; 4 pitas with pockets | INSTRUCTIONS: In a blender combine juice, 1 tablespoon oil, garlic, coriander, cumin, salt and pepper and mint or cilantro leaves. Process until smooth and pour over chicken to marinate. Refrigerate chicken and allow to marinate for 30 minutes. In a small bowl stir together yogurt, cucumber and chopped mint. In a large skillet heat 1 tablespoon olive oil over medium high heat. Add marinated chicken and cook for 8-10 minutes, stirring occasionally. Heat pitas under a broiler or in a toaster oven. Slice open pitas and stuff with chicken, tomatoes, lettuce and top with yogurt dressing. Serve immediately. <END>
INPUT: bowl plain flour
OUTPUT: TITLE: Frogs' Legs | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 14 ounces (400 grams) garlic; 2 ounces (100 grams) flat leaf parsley; 1 1/2 ounces (60 grams) unsalted butter; 2 1/4 pounds (1 kilogram) fresh frogs legs; A bowl of plain flour mixed with salt and ground black pepper; 2 1/8 cups (500 milliliters) goose fat | INSTRUCTIONS: Garlic puree: Place the garlic cloves in a saucepan of boiling water. Bring to a boil, drain and repeat 3 times. Once fairly soft, you will find they peel very easily. Place cloves in the blender and blend until thick, smooth, and glossy. Set aside. Parsley sauce: Wash the parsley. Pick the leaves off, place in boiling water, and simmer gently for 3 to 4 minutes. Run under cold water to stop further cooking. Place leaves in a blender and blend to a paste. Squeeze the puree through a sieve, place in a saucepan with a little water, enough to obtain the consistency of a coulis. Cook until it cove <END>
INPUT: pancakes, Vegetable, russet potatoes, zucchini, garlic, rosemary leaves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Crispy Zucchini and Potato Pancakes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Vegetable cooking spray; 2 pounds russet potatoes, peeled and grated; 2 medium zucchini, grated; 3 garlic cloves, minced; 1 teaspoon chopped fresh rosemary leaves, plus leaves, for garnish; 1/4 cup grated Parmesan, plus 1 tablespoon; 1/4 cup seasoned bread crumbs; 2 egg whites, lightly beaten; 2 teaspoons kosher salt, plus extra for seasoning; 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, plus extra for seasoning; 3 tablespoons vegetable oil; Olive oil, for drizzling; 1 1/2 cups mascarpone cheese, at room temperature | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Place an oven rack in the center of the oven. Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F. Spray a baking sheet, liberally, with vegetable cooking spray. Set aside Lay the potatoes and zucchini on 2 kitchen towels. Bring the corners of the towels together and squeeze out the moisture from the vegetables. Place the vegetables in a large bowl. Add the garlic, chopped rosemary, 1/4 cup Parmesan cheese, bread crumbs, egg whites, salt, and pepper. Mix well until all ingredients are combined. In a 12-inch nonstick skillet, heat the vegetable oil over medium heat. Add the vegetab <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, olive oil, shrimp, Greek olives
OUTPUT: TITLE: Greek Shrimp and Couscous | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 1 (10-ounce) package couscous; 2 teaspoons olive oil; 1 pound frozen shrimp, thawed, peeled and de-veined; 1 (14-ounce) can diced tomatoes with green pepper and onion, drained; 1/2 cup Greek black olives, pitted and chopped; 1 tablespoon dried mint leaves; 1 teaspoon garlic and herb seasoning; 1 teaspoon dried oregano; Salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: In a medium saucepan, cook couscous according to package directions. In a separate pan, add olive oil and shrimp. Add tomatoes, olives, mint, garlic and herb seasoning, and oregano. Simmer for about 3 to 5 minutes to cook shrimp and heat through. Season, to taste, with salt and black pepper. Pour over couscous and serve. <END>
INPUT: halibut fillets, thyme, prosciutto, olive oil, shallot
OUTPUT: TITLE: Prosciutto-Roasted Halibut with Fresh Thyme | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 5-ounce halibut fillets; 3 teaspoons chopped fresh thyme, divided; 4 thin slices prosciutto; 2 teaspoons olive oil; 2 tablespoons chopped shallot; 1/4 cup dry white wine; 1 tablespoon butter | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 400°F. Sprinkle fish fillets with salt and pepper. Sprinkle 1 teaspoon thyme atop each fish fillet. Place 2 slices prosciutto on work surface, overlapping slightly. Place 1 fish fillet crosswise in center of prosciutto; fold prosciutto over fish fillet. Repeat with remaining prosciutto and fish fillet. Heat oil in medium ovenproof skillet over medium-high heat. Add prosciutto-wrapped fish, seam side down. Cook until prosciutto is brown on all sides, about 1 minute per side. Transfer skillet to oven and roast fish until cooked through, about 6 minutes. Transfer to plates. Add sh <END>
INPUT: lobster, Beurre Blanc, pinches chives, unsalted butter, split top hot
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lobster Roll | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: One 1-pound lobster, cooked; Beurre Blanc, warmed, recipe follows; 2 pinches chopped chives; Softened unsalted butter; 4 split-top hot dog rolls or 4 thick slices brioche; Celery leaves, for garnish; 1/2 cup white wine vinegar; 1/4 cup diced shallots (2 shallots); 1 small bay leaf; 1/2 teaspoon crushed black peppercorns; 1/4 cup heavy cream; 1/2 pound (2 sticks) unsalted cold butter, cubed; Pinch kosher salt; 1 1/2 tablespoons freshly squeezed lemon juice; 1/2 cup finely chopped celery | INSTRUCTIONS: Cut the lobster meat in a large dice and add it to the warm Beurre Blanc. Gently swirl the pan to cover the lobster meat with the sauce. Add the chives. Spread the softened butter on both sides of each roll and toast in a saute pan over medium-low heat. Slice each roll through the center without cutting all the way through, and fill each roll with lobster meat. Spoon a tablespoon or 2 of Beurre Blanc over the lobster meat and garnish with celery leaves. Serve warm. Place the vinegar, shallots, bay leaf and crushed peppercorns in a saute pan and simmer until reduced to 1 to 2 tablespoons liquid <END>
INPUT: American, tarts, puff pastry, shiitake mushrooms, coarse kosher salt, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Asparagus and Mushroom Tarts | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 17.3-ounce package frozen puff pastry (2 sheets), thawed; 1/4 cup (1/2 stick) unsalted butter; 12 ounces fresh shiitake mushrooms, stemmed, caps cut into 1/4-inch-wide strips; 1 teaspoon coarse kosher salt, divided; 1/2 teaspoon coarsely ground black pepper, divided; 1 pound slender asparagus spears, trimmed, cut on diagonal into 1-inch pieces; 1 1/2 teaspoons chopped fresh thyme; 1 1/2 teaspoons finely grated lemon peel; 1/2 cup crème fraîche*; 1/2 cup (packed) coarsely grated Gruyère cheese (about 2 ounces); Fresh thyme sprigs (for garnish) | INSTRUCTIONS: Roll out each pastry sheet on work surface to 10-inch square. Cut each into 4 squares. Using small knife, score 1/2-inch border (do not cut through pastry) around inside edges of each square. Arrange squares on 2 rimmed baking sheets. DO AHEAD: Can be made 1 day ahead. Cover and chill. Melt butter in heavy large skillet over medium-high heat. Add mushrooms; sprinkle with 1/4 teaspoon coarse salt and 1/4 teaspoon pepper. Sauté until tender and lightly browned, about 4 minutes. Transfer mushrooms to large bowl; cool 15 minutes. Add asparagus, chopped thyme, lemon peel, 3/4 teaspoon coarse salt,  <END>
INPUT: Asian, cookies, anise seeds, boiling hot water, all purpose flour, baking soda, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Anise Sesame Cookies | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon whole anise seeds; 2 tablespoons boiling-hot water; 2 cups all-purpose flour; 1/8 teaspoon baking soda; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1 1/2 sticks (3/4 cup) unsalted butter, softened; 2/3 cup sugar; 2 large eggs; 1/4 cup sesame seeds, lightly toasted; Special equipment: a 2 1/2-inch fluted round cookie cutter | INSTRUCTIONS: Soak anise seeds in boiling-hot water until most of water is absorbed, about 15 minutes. Whisk together flour, baking soda, and salt in a bowl. Beat together butter and sugar in a large bowl with an electric mixer at medium-high speed until pale and fluffy, about 2 minutes in a stand mixer (preferably fitted with paddle attachment) or 4 minutes with a handheld. Beat in 1 egg and anise seeds with any remaining soaking liquid until combined. Reduce speed to low, then mix in flour mixture until just combined. Divide dough into 4 balls and flatten each into a 4-inch disk. Chill disks, wrapped in p <END>
INPUT: Asian, fish fillets, vegetable oil, long piece gingerroot, scallion, Oriental sesame oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Steamed Fish Fillets with Scallion-Ginger Oil | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound white fish fillets; 2 tablespoons vegetable oil; a 1 1/2-inch-long piece of fresh gingerroot, peeled and cut into julienne strips; 1 large scallion, cut into julienne strips; 1 teaspoon Oriental sesame oil; soy sauce to taste as an accompaniment; white-wine vinegar or to taste as an accompaniment | INSTRUCTIONS: Arrange the fillets in one layer in a microwave-safe baking dish, season them with salt and pepper, and cover the dish tightly with microwave-safe plastic wrap. Microwave the fish at high power (100%) for 3 minutes, or until it is opaque and just cooked through, remove the plastic wrap carefully, and pour off the liquid in the dish. Keep the fish warm, covered loosely. In a microwave-safe glass measure combine the vegetable oil, the gingerroot, and scallion and microwave the mixture at high power (100%) for 1 minute. Add the sesame oil, let the mixture cool slightly, and pour it over fish. Ser <END>
INPUT: tiny, sandwiches, all purpose flour, baking soda, baking powder, fine salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tiny Ice Cream Sandwiches | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Cooking spray; 2/3 cup all-purpose flour; 1/4 teaspoon baking soda; 1/8 teaspoon baking powder; 1/8 teaspoon fine salt; 1/3 cup sugar; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened; 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract; 1 large egg; 1 tablespoon milk; 1/4 cup mini semisweet chocolate chips; About 2 cups of your favorite ice cream | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Line 2 baking sheets with parchment, and lightly coat with cooking spray. Whisk together the flour, baking soda, baking powder and salt in a small bowl. Beat together the sugar, butter and vanilla in a large bowl with an electric mixer on medium-high speed until light and fluffy. Add the egg, and beat until combined. Reduce the speed to low, add the flour mixture and then the milk, and beat until just combined. Refrigerate for 1 hour. Scoop teaspoonfuls of batter onto the prepared baking sheets about 1 inch apart. Moisten your hands, roll each mound into a ba <END>
INPUT: American, butter, sugar, vanilla extract, pecans, hickory smoked bacon
OUTPUT: TITLE: KGB Burger | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 stick butter; 2 cups brown sugar; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; 1 cup chopped pecans; 10 pounds hickory smoked bacon; One 6-ounce burger patty made from high-quality ground chuck, sea salt and black pepper; 1 slice sharp Cheddar; Lettuce; Tomato slices; Pickle slices; Hawaiian-style kaiser bun | INSTRUCTIONS: For the praline bacon: Melt the butter in a saucepan over medium heat. Add the brown sugar and vanilla. Stir as the sugar melts and forms a caramel, about 5 minutes. Stir in the pecans. Fry up the hickory smoked bacon in a skillet over medium heat. (You will need to do this in batches.) Pour the praline mixture over the bacon and toss like a salad. For the burger: Grill the burger patty over medium-high heat until the center is no longer pink. Assemble by melting the sharp Cheddar on the burger patty. Top with some praline bacon, lettuce, tomato and pickle, and place on the kaiser bun. This re <END>
INPUT: stir, Chinese broccoli, Chinese Bacon, soy sauce, Shao Hsing rice, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Stir-Fried Chinese Broccoli and Bacon | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 10 stalks Chinese broccoli (gai lan), about 12 ounces; 3 ounces Chinese Bacon (lop yok), store bought or homemade; 1 teaspoon thin soy sauce; 1 teaspoon Shao Hsing rice cooking wine; 1/2 teaspoon sugar; 2 teaspoons vegetable oil; 2 garlic cloves, smashed and peeled | INSTRUCTIONS: Wash the Chinese broccoli in several changes of cold water and drain thoroughly in a colander until dry to the touch. Trim 1/4-inch from the bottom of each stalk. Stalks that are more than 1/2-inch in diameter should be peeled with a paring knife, then halved lengthwise. Cut the broccoli stalks and leaves into 2 1/2-inch long pieces, keeping the stalk ends separate from the leaves and buds. Remove and discard the hard rind and thick layer of fat attached to the rind from the Chinese bacon. Cut into very thin slices crosswise. In a small bowl, combine the soy sauce, rice wine, and sugar; set as <END>
INPUT: meurice, sole fillets, bulbs shallots, each pepper, mushrooms, lemon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fillet de Sole Meurice | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 14-ounce sole fillets, sliced on the bias into 4 slices each, with bones and head reserved; 4 bulbs shallots, finely chopped, trimmings reserved; 1 each red and green pepper, diced, trimmings (except seeds) reserved; 1 cup mushrooms, thinly sliced; 1 lemon, juiced, divided; 1 eggplant, about 7 inches long, cut in half lengthwise, seeds scooped out to make well for rice; 1/2 cup plus 1 tablespoon clarified butter; 1 cup long grain rice; 1 bay leaf; Freshly ground salt, to taste; Freshly ground pepper, to taste; 1/4 cup dry white wine; 1/2 cup heavy whipping cream; 4 cups veal stock, reduced to 1/4 cup, recipe follows; 1 tablespoon unsalted butter | INSTRUCTIONS: Fish stock: Fill medium saucepan with 3 1/2 cups cold water Add fish bones and head. Bring to simmer. Add reserved vegetable trimmings. Cook for 20 minutes to reduce to 2 1/2 cups. Strain. Preheat oven to 400 degrees. Heat platter for eggplant and small casserole dish for rice. Bring pot of salted water to boil. Add eggplant halves. Cook about 10 minutes, until tender. Drain and set aside on warming platter. On stovetop, heat a casserole dish, add 1 tablespoon clarified butter and rice. Saute for 30 seconds. Add bay leaf and 2 1/2 cups of the fish stock. Season generously with salt and pepper. <END>
INPUT: Italian, primavera, cornstarch, Swanson® Chicken Stock, garlic powder garlic, broccoli flowerets, carrots
OUTPUT: TITLE: Turkey Primavera | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons cornstarch; 1 3/4 cups Swanson® Chicken Stock; 1/4 teaspoons garlic powder or 1 clove garlic, minced; 2 cups broccoli flowerets; 2 medium carrots, sliced (about 1 cup); 1/2 cup green or red pepper cut into 2-inch long strips; 1 small onion, chopped (about 1/4 cup); 2 cups cubed cooked turkey or chicken; 1/2 of a 16 ounce package spaghetti, cooked without salt, and drained (about 4 cups); 2 tablespoons grated Parmesan cheese | INSTRUCTIONS: Stir the cornstarch and 1/4 cup stock in a small bowl until the mixture is smooth. Heat the remaining stock, garlic powder, broccoli, carrots, pepper and onion in a 3-quart saucepan over medium heat to a boil. Reduce the heat to low. Cover and cook for 5 minutes or until the vegetables are tender-crisp. Stir in the cornstarch mixture. Cook and stir until the mixture boils and thickens. Stir in the turkey and cook until the mixture is hot and bubbling. Toss with the spaghetti and cheese. Tip: To save time, you can use 2 cans (4.5 ounces each) Swanson® Premium White Chunk Chicken Breast in Water <END>
INPUT: American, smashed, garlic, grill seasoning blend, smoked paprika, hot sauce eyeball, Worcestershire sauce
OUTPUT: TITLE: Marinated Grilled Flank Steak with BLT Smashed Potatoes | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 3 cloves garlic, finely chopped; 1 tablespoon grill seasoning blend (recommended: Montreal Steak Seasoning); 1 teaspoon smoked paprika, ground chipotle chili powder or ground cumin; 2 teaspoon hot sauce - eyeball it; 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce; 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 2 splashes; 1/3 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 2 pounds flank steak; 2 1/2 pounds small red skin new potatoes; 1 leek, trimmed of tough tops; 4 slices thick cut smoky bacon, chopped, such as applewood smoked bacon; 1 cup chicken broth or stock; 1 vine ripe tomato, seeded and chopped; Salt and pepper; 1 cup sour cream, to pass at table | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Mix garlic, steak seasoning, smoked paprika, chipotle or cumin, hot sauce, Worcestershire sauce and vinegar. Whisk in extra-virgin olive oil. Place meat in shallow dish and coat it evenly in marinade. Let stand 15 minutes. Cut larger potatoes in half, leave very small potatoes whole. Place potatoes in a pot and cover with water. Bring to a boil and cook potatoes 12 to 15 minutes until tender. Heat a grill pan or outdoor grill to high heat. Cut leek in half lengthwise. Chop into 1/2-inch pieces. Place leeks in big bowl of water and release all the dirt from them w <END>
INPUT: Italian, herbed, crisps, Parmesan, rosemary leaves, sage leaves, kosher salt, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Parmesan Herbed Crisps with Walnut Pepper | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup finely grated Parmesan; 1 teaspoon finely chopped fresh rosemary leaves; 1 teaspoon finely chopped fresh sage leaves; 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt; 1/2 teaspoon ground black pepper; 2 tablespoons toasted walnuts | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine Parmesan and herbs in a large mixing bowl. Set a 10-inch skillet over low heat. Add a 1/4 cup of Parmesan mix to the pan and sprinkle it so it is evenly spread and you have a lattice effect i.e. it should be a lacey and thin layer. Cook for 3 to 5 minutes until golden and crispy. Carefully remove from the pan and cool on a tray. Repeat with remaining ingredients until used up. Break disks into large crisps. Break up walnuts into a rough powder using a mortar and pestle. Add salt and pepper and mix well. Season Parmesan crisps with the powdered walnuts. <END>
INPUT: bread, flour, cornmeal, baking powder, salt, non fat milk
OUTPUT: TITLE: Quick Jalapeno Corn Bread | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup flour; 1 cup cornmeal; 11/2 teaspoons baking powder; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1 cup non-fat milk; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted; 2 egg whites, lightly beaten; 3 tablespoons pickled jalapeno, chopped; 2 tablespoons pickled jalapeno juice | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. Combine flour, cornmeal, baking powder and salt in a large bowl. Set aside. In a separate smaller bowl, whisk together milk, butter, egg whites, jalapeno and jalapeno juice. Pour wet ingredients over dry and using a fork, stir until just combined. Do not over mix. Spread batter evenly into 2 non-stick 9-inch round cake pans and bake 20 to 25 minutes or until toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean. Cut into triangles and serve immediately. <END>
INPUT: cooler, horchata, crumbled true cinnamon, hot water, blanched almonds
OUTPUT: TITLE: Coconut-Rice Cooler: Horchata de Coco | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 2/3 cups (19 ounces) uncooked rice, pulverized in a spice grinder; 1 ounces crumbled true cinnamon bark, plus 4-inch pieces for garnish (optional); 4 cups hot water; 15 blanched almonds, lightly toasted and finely ground; 1 can (13 1/2 ounces) coconut milk; 1 cup (8 ounces) sugar; 1 cup (8 ounces) cold water; 1 lime, zest cut into long, wide strips; Ice cubes; Light rum (optional); 6 to 8 fresh mint sprigs | INSTRUCTIONS: One day in advance, combine the rice, crumbled cinnamon, and hot water in a bowl. Cool, cover, and set aside. Refrigerate if the weather is hot. The next day, stir the nuts and coconut milk into the soaked rice. Working in batches, add the rice mixture to a blender and process until quite smooth. Each batch should take about 5 minutes. Strain through a medium-mesh sieve and pour into a pitcher. In a saucepan over low heat, combine the sugar, cold water, and lime zest. Cook stirring, until the sugar is just dissolved. Let cool. Then remove the lime zest. Pour the cooled syrup into the pitcher a <END>
INPUT: bisque, Butter, shallots, ginger, sake, dashi chicken stock
OUTPUT: TITLE: Uni Bisque with Crab Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Butter, to cook; 4 shallots minced; 1/2 tablespoon minced ginger; 1/2 cup sake; 3 cups dashi or chicken stock; 1 cup cream; 1 cup uni; 2 tablespoon chopped chives; Crab Salad, recipe follows; 1 cup Dungeness crab; 1 lemon, juiced; 1 tablespoon honey; 1/2 tablespoon chopped chives; 3 splashes hot pepper sauce; 1/2 cup brunoised celery or fennel | INSTRUCTIONS: Saute shallots and ginger. Deglaze with sake. Add dashi and cream. Reduce by 20 per cent. Add uni and blend. Season. Serve with Crab Salad on the side. Mix all and taste. Serve in hollowed out uni shells nestled in a salt pile. Garnish with chives. <END>
INPUT: Italian, truffles, organic flour, free range eggs, virgin olive oil, Salt, summer truffle preserved
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lasagna of Summer Truffles with Garden Peas | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups plus 1 tablespoon organic flour; 3 free range large eggs, slightly beaten; 8 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, plus extra for cooking lasagna; Salt; 2.1 ounces summer truffle or preserved; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 3 tablespoons good port; 3 1/2 ounces heavy cream; Freshly ground black pepper; 3 tablespoons veal stock, optional; 2.2 pounds small organic garden peas, plus extra for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: To make the lasagna pasta. In a large bowl, mix the flour with the egg, 3 tablespoons olive oil and 2 pinches of salt. Mix until dough is firm and shiny, then wrap it in plastic wrap. Let rest in the refrigerator for as long as 6 hours. Brush and peel the truffle, and cut into 6 very fine slices and put aside for lasagna. Cut what's left in very small cubes. In a small saucepan, heat the butter on low heat, add the cubed truffles and sweat. Add the port and reduce slightly. Then add the cream, season with salt and pepper, and let it reduce to half. Set aside. In a medium pot of boiling salted  <END>
INPUT: Italian, pastries, milk, egg yolk, sugar, cornstarch
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sweet Ricotta Pastries | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup whole milk; 2 (3-by 1-inch) strips orange zest; 1 large egg yolk; 3 tablespoons sugar; 1 tablespoon cornstarch; 1/2 teaspoon pure vanilla extract; 1/2 pound fresh ricotta; 3/4 teaspoon orange-flower water; 2 tablespoons finely chopped candied citron; 2 1/4 cups all-purpose flour; 6 tablespoons sugar; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 2 sticks cold unsalted butter, cut into pieces; 1/2 teaspoon grated orange zest; 2 large egg yolks | INSTRUCTIONS: Make filling: Bring milk and zest to a simmer in a small heavy saucepan, then remove from heat. Whisk together yolk, sugar, cornstarch, and a pinch of salt in a bowl. Whisk in milk, then transfer mixture to saucepan. Bring to a boil over medium heat, whisking constantly, and boil 1 minute. Stir in vanilla, then transfer to a clean bowl and chill custard, its surface covered with parchment paper (to prevent a skin from forming), until cold, at least 1 hour. Discard zest. Pulse ricotta in a food processor until smooth. Whisk into custard. Stir in orange-flower water and citron. Chill until ready <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, orzo, virgin olive oil, shallot, garlic, cherry tomatoes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Orzo with Cherry Tomatoes, Feta and Mint | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound orzo; 1/2 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 1 medium shallot, finely chopped; 1 clove garlic, peeled and smashed; 2 pints cherry tomatoes, quartered; 1 cup crumbled feta; 1 cup arugula; 1/2 cup chopped fresh mint; 3 tablespoons white balsamic vinegar; 1 1/4 teaspoons kosher salt, plus for the pasta water; 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil over high heat. Add the orzo and cook until tender but still firm to the bite, about 7 minutes. While the pasta is cooking, heat 1/4 cup of the olive oil in a large saute pan over medium-low heat. Add the shallots and garlic, and saute until the shallots begin to soften and the garlic is fragrant, about 1 minute. Add the cherry tomatoes and cook just to warm through, about 1 minute. Add the warm tomato mixture to a large bowl along with the feta, arugula, mint, balsamic vinegar, salt and pepper. Drain the orzo and add it to the bowl. Drizzle with the <END>
INPUT: American, onions, bacon, sour cream, VELVEETA Mexican Salsa
OUTPUT: TITLE: VELVEETA Bacon and Green Onion Dip | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 lb. (16 oz.) VELVEETA Pasteurized Prepared Cheese Product, cut into 1/2-inch cubes; 4 green onions, sliced; 1/2 cup bacon pieces (recommended: OSCAR MAYER); 1/2 cup sour cream (recommended: BREAKSTONE'S or KNUDSEN); VELVEETA Mexican Salsa Dip: | INSTRUCTIONS: Mix VELVEETA, onions and bacon in large microwaveable bowl. Microwave on high 5 min. or until VELVEETA is completely melted, stirring after 3 min. Stir in sour cream. Serve with assorted cut-up fresh vegetables or crackers (recommended: WHEAT THINS). Cut ingredients in half. Mix ingredients in 1-qt. microwaveable bowl. Microwave on HIGH 3 to 4 min. or until VELVEETA is completely melted, stirring after 2 min. Serve as directed. Makes 12 servings, 2 Tbsp. each. Hot dips should be discarded after setting at room temperature for 2 hours or longer. Cut VELVEETA (the whole loaf) into slices about 1 <END>
INPUT: Italian, veal pork sausages, sweet Italian sausages, onions, bell peppers, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sausage Stew | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 pounds veal or pork sausages; 3/4 pounds sweet Italian sausages; 4 onions, sliced; 2 bell peppers, chopped; 6 garlic cloves, chopped; 1 cup dry white wine; 1 pound boiling potatoes, peeled, cubed; 1 16-ounce can stewed tomatoes; 1 14 1/2-ounce can chicken broth; 1/4 cup tomato paste; 1 10-ounce package frozen green beans; 1 teaspoon dried oregano, crumbled; 1 teaspoon dried basil, crumbled; 1 teaspoon dried marjoram, crumbled; 1 cup shredded mozzarella | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat heavy 4-quart saucepan over medium-high heat. Add sausages and cook until brown, turning occasionally, about 30 minutes. Transfer sausages to plate; cool slightly. Cut into 1-inch pieces. Remove all but 2 tablespoons fat from saucepan. Add onions to saucepan and sauté over medium heat until tender, about 15 minutes. Add bell peppers and garlic and continue cooking until bell peppers just begin to soften, about 5 minutes. Pour in wine and boil 1 minute. Add potatoes, tomatoes, broth and tomato paste. Simmer until potatoes are tender, stirring occasionally, about 10 minutes. Stir in green b <END>
INPUT: canola oil, Two fillets pompano, kosher salt, unsalted butter, shallots
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pompano with Red Onion and Tomato | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon canola oil; Two 3-ounce fillets pompano, skin on and pin bones removed; 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt; 2 tablespoons whole unsalted butter; 2 teaspoons chopped shallots; 12 baby heirloom tomatoes, halved; 1/2 red onion, julienned | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat the oil in a medium saute pan over high heat. Sprinkle the fish evenly with the salt. Place in the pan skin-side down and cook translucent. Flip, add the butter and let brown. Add the shallots, tomatoes and red onions. Saute until the shallots are translucent and the tomatoes are blistered. Baste the fish with the juices and butter and remove from the pan. Place the fish on a plate and spoon the onion and tomato over and around the fish. <END>
INPUT: herb, crusted, Salt pepper, vegetable oil, garlic, parsley
OUTPUT: TITLE: Herb-Crusted Roast Beef with Horseradish Cream | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 (3-pound) boneless beef eye round roast; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1/2 cup plus 2 tablespoons vegetable oil; 5 cloves garlic; 1 bunch parsley, leaves only; 1/2 bunch fresh thyme, leaves only; 8 sprigs fresh oregano, leaves only 2 sprigs fresh rosemary, leaves only; 2 tablespoons mustard powder; Horseradish Cream, recipe follows; 1/2 cup sour cream; 2 tablespoons prepared horseradish; 1 tablespoon lemon juice; Salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Special Equipment: food processor Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Season roast well with salt and pepper. In a medium saute pan over medium-high heat, add 2 tablespoons oil. When hot, sear roast on all sides, until nicely caramelized, about 8 to 10 minutes. Remove roast to a sheet tray lined with a wire rack. Meanwhile, place garlic, parsley, thyme, oregano, rosemary, mustard powder, 1/2 cup oil, salt and pepper, to taste, in a food processor and pulse until mixture forms a paste. Rub paste all over roast. Bake in the oven until the roast is cooked to medium-rare  <END>
INPUT: Belgian endives, sugar, salt, lemon juice, unsalted butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Braised Shrimp and Creamy Endive | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 lb Belgian endives (4 or 5); 1 teaspoon sugar; 3/4 teaspoon salt; 1 1/2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 10 oz large (21 to 25 per lb) shrimp in shell, peeled and deveined; 1/4 cup heavy cream; Garnish: chopped fresh herbs | INSTRUCTIONS: Trim endives and quarter lengthwise. Cut out and discard cores, then cut endives diagonally into 1/2-inch-wide strips. Toss with sugar, 1/2 teaspoon salt, and 1 tablespoon lemon juice in a bowl. Melt butter in a 10-inch nonstick skillet over moderately low heat and add endive mixture, tossing to coat. Cook, covered, stirring occasionally, until endive is tender, 10 to 12 minutes. While endive is cooking, toss shrimp with remaining 1/4 teaspoon salt and 1/2 tablespoon lemon juice in a bowl. When endive is tender, increase heat to moderate and cook, uncovered, stirring, until juices are evaporat <END>
INPUT: broth, fennel bulb, onion, carrot, virgin olive oil, wine
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pan-Seared Sea Bass in Tomato Fennel Broth | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 small fennel bulb, shaved thin; 1 small onion , diced; 1 carrot, peeled and diced; 4 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1/4 cup white wine; 2 cups fish stock or clam juice; 1/4 cup fresh orange juice; 2 cups sun-dried tomatoes; 1 tablespoon minced garlic; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, room temperature; 2 (6-ounce) sea bass fillets, with skin on; 1 teaspoon ground fennel; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; Grapeseed oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. For the sauce: In a saucepan over medium-high heat, sweat the fennel, onions, and carrots in the olive oil. Cook until the vegetables are softened, 10 to 15 minutes. Next, deglaze with the white wine. Once the wine has reduced, add the stock and orange juice. Reduce the heat and allow the liquid to cook until it has reduced by half. Once reduced, add the tomatoes and garlic and allow the sauce to further simmer for 15 minutes. Taste and season. Remove saucepan from the heat, pour through a strainer, and return to the pan. Finish with the butter. Keep warm. For th <END>
INPUT: Mexican, tacos, slaw, cilantro leaves, lime juice, vegetable oil, chipotle chile powder, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Chipotle Pork Tacos with Red Slaw and Brown Sugar Pineapple | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup fresh cilantro leaves, finely chopped; 1 tablespoon fresh lime juice; 1 tablespoon vegetable oil; 1 teaspoon chipotle chile powder; 2 cloves garlic, minced; 1/4 small red onion, very thinly sliced; One 12-ounce pork tenderloin, cut into 1/2-inch-thick slices on an angle; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 cups shredded red cabbage; 1/4 cup fresh cilantro leaves, finely chopped; 1 tablespoon vegetable oil; 1 tablespoon cider vinegar; 1/4 teaspoon chipotle chile powder; 1 small red bell pepper, very thinly sliced; 1/4 small red onion, very thinly sliced | INSTRUCTIONS: For the pork: Combine the cilantro, lime juice, oil, chile powder, garlic and onions in a large dish. Add the pork slices and turn to coat. Preheat a grill on medium-high heat. For the red slaw: Combine the cabbage, cilantro, oil, vinegar, chile powder, bell peppers, red onions and 1/4 teaspoon each salt and pepper in a large bowl. Toss to mix and set aside. Remove the pork from the marinade and discard the remaining marinade. Sprinkle the pork on both sides with 1/4 teaspoon each salt and pepper. Grill, turning once, until browned and still a little rosy inside, about 10 minutes. Transfer to  <END>
INPUT: Basic cranberry sauce, cinnamon, allspice, nutmeg
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cinnamon and Clove Cranberry Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Basic cranberry sauce; 1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1/8 teaspoon ground allspice; 1/8 teaspoon ground cloves; 1/8 teaspoon ground nutmeg; 1 1/2 teaspoons grated peeled fresh ginger | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine all ingredients for basic cranberry sauce in heavy medium saucepan. Add cinnamon, allspice, cloves, and nutmeg. Cook as directed for basic cranberry sauce . Cool to room temperature. Stir in ginger. Cover and store mixture as directed for basic cranberry sauce. Combine all ingredients for basic cranberry sauce in heavy medium saucepan. Add cinnamon, allspice, cloves, and nutmeg. Cook as directed for basic cranberry sauce . Cool to room temperature. Stir in ginger. Cover and store mixture as directed for basic cranberry sauce. <END>
INPUT: creamed, collard greens, Kosher salt, vegetable oil, Unsalted butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Creamed Collard Greens | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 large bunches collard greens (about 1 1/2 pounds), center stems removed and leaves cut into 1/2" strips; Kosher salt; 2 teaspoons vegetable oil; 1 cup 1/3" pieces (about 6 ounces) thick-cut smoked bacon; Unsalted butter (if needed); 2 large shallots, finely chopped; 3 tablespoons all-purpose flour; 1 1/2 teaspoons sweet paprika; 2 cups whole milk; 2 cups heavy cream; Freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Blanch greens in a large pot of boiling salted water until bright green and beginning to soften, 3-4 minutes. Transfer to a large bowl of ice water to cool. Squeeze dry. Heat oil in a large heavy pot over medium heat. Add bacon and cook until fat is rendered and bacon is crisp, 5-7 minutes. Using a slotted spoon, transfer bacon to paper towels to drain; set aside. Drain all but 3 tablespoons bacon drippings from pot, adding butter if needed to measure 3 tablespoons Add shallots; cook over medium heat, stirring occasionally, until soft, about 5 minutes. Add flour and paprika; stir constantly fo <END>
INPUT: Italian, ricotta cheese, cherries, sour cream, honey, Kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Honey Ricotta with Cherries | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cups fresh ricotta cheese; 1/2 cup cherries, pitted and chopped; 1/4 cup sour cream; 2 tablespoons honey; Kosher salt; 1/2 cup chopped almonds | INSTRUCTIONS: Whole wheat crackers, for serving Combine the cheese, cherries, sour cream and honey in a bowl. Fold the ingredients together so as not to discolor the ricotta from the cherries. Season with salt. Place the mixture in a serving container and top with the chopped almonds. Serve with whole wheat crackers. <END>
INPUT: piece slab bacon, vegetable oil brushing, Buckwheat Crêpe Batter, eggs, Gruyère
OUTPUT: TITLE: Egg and Bacon Buckwheat Crêpes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: a 1/4-pound piece slab bacon; vegetable oil for brushing skillet; Buckwheat Crêpe Batter ,half reserved for another use; 4 large eggs (The eggs will not be fully cooked, which may be of concern if there is a problem with salmonella in your area); 2 cups coarsely grated Gruyère (about 8 ounces) | INSTRUCTIONS: Cut bacon into strips about 1/8 inch wide and 1 inch long. In a skillet cook bacon over moderate heat, stirring, until golden and crisp and transfer with a slotted spoon to paper towels to drain. Preheat broiler. Brush a 10-inch non-stick skillet lightly with oil and heat over moderately high heat until hot but not smoking. Remove skillet from heat. Working quickly, stir batter and fill a 1/4-cup measure. Pour batter into skillet, tilting and rotating skillet quickly to cover bottom. Cook crêpe over moderately high heat until bottom is golden and top appears almost dry, about 1 minute. Turn cr <END>
INPUT: brined, maple, spring water, kosher salt, superfine sugar, bay leaves, shallots
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted, Brined Turkey Breast with Maple-Worcestershire Gravy and Fruit and Nut Rice Pilaf | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 gallon spring water; 1 cup kosher salt; 1/2 cup superfine sugar; 6 fresh bay leaves; 2 large shallots, quartered lengthwise; A palmful coriander seeds; A palmful black peppercorns; A palmful paprika; A palmful poultry seasoning; 1/2 palmful allspice berries; 6 cloves garlic, coarsely chopped or sliced; 1 (6 to 7 pound) full turkey breast; 4 tablespoons butter; 1 shallot, finely chopped; 2 sprigs fresh thyme, leaves finely chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: Jumbo size plastic food bag, (recommended: Hefty brand 3 to 5 gallons) Open a jumbo plastic food storage bag in the sink and add the water, salt, sugar, bay leaves, shallots, seasonings and garlic and swish around to combine. Add the turkey breast and seal the bag. Put it into the refrigerator and let it brine for 24 hours in advance of your cooking day. Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Pat the turkey breast dry, season with salt and pepper and put it in a roasting pan. Roast in the oven at 400 degrees F for 30 minutes. Baste, reduce the temperature to 325 degrees F and ro <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, tzatziki, lowfat yogurt, cucumber, mint leaves, garlic, hot sauce
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tzatziki with Crudites | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 4 cups lowfat yogurt; 1/2 cucumber, seeded and chopped; 1/4 cup fresh mint leaves; 1 garlic clove; 2 1/2 teaspoons hot sauce; Juice and zest of 1/2 a lemon; salt and freshly ground black pepper; Crudites platter | INSTRUCTIONS: Line a layer of VIVA® towels inside a fine mesh strainer and place the strainer in a bowl. Pour the yogurt into the strainer, cover with plastic wrap and place in the refrigerator overnight to drain. The yogurt should reduce in volume by half and will have a very thick consistency. Place the yogurt, cucumber, mint, garlic, hot sauce, lemon juice and zest in a food processor and blend until smooth. Taste and season with salt and pepper. Transfer to a bowl. Refrigerate at least one hour before serving on a crudites platter. When serving the Tzatziki Sauce on a platter with crudites: Fold and dam <END>
INPUT: cacciatore, hunter, olive oil, sweet fennel sausage, chicken thighs, Kosher salt pepper, cremini mushrooms
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken Thigh and Fennel Sausage Cacciatore "Hunter Style" | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1 pound sweet fennel sausage links, cut into large pieces; 6 chicken thighs, bone-in and skin-on; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 cup thickly sliced cremini mushrooms; 1 cup frozen pearl onions, thawed; 1 cup diced red bell peppers; 1 head garlic, roasted; 1/2 teaspoon red pepper flakes; 1 cup dry red wine; 1 cup chicken stock; 1 cup marinara sauce; 4 sprigs fresh thyme; 2 sprigs fresh rosemary; 2 tablespoons fresh flat-leaf parsley leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Add the olive oil and sausages to a large Dutch oven set over medium-high heat and sear until browned, about 3 minutes. Remove the sausages to a plate and set aside. Sprinkle the chicken thighs on both sides with salt and pepper, then sear the chicken in the Dutch oven, 4 to 5 minutes per side; remove to a plate and set aside. Now, add the mushrooms, pearl onions, red peppers, roasted garlic and pepper flakes to the pot; sprinkle with salt and pepper. Saute until the vegetables are softened and the pearl onions translucent, 4 minutes. Add the wine, bring to a <END>
INPUT: brined, maple, good quality apple, sugar, kosher salt, peppercorns, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cider-Brined Turkey with Maple-Cider Glaze | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 8 cups good-quality apple cider; 1/3 cup brown sugar; 1/4 cup kosher salt; 2 teaspoons peppercorns; 5 cloves garlic, crushed; 3 bay leaves; 2 oranges, sliced; 2 large shallots or medium onions, quartered; A handful fresh parsley leaves; A handful fresh sage leaves; A handful fresh thyme sprigs; 4 bone-in skin-on turkey leg/thigh quarters; 2 bone-in skin-on turkey breasts, about 6 to 7 pounds each; Olive oil, for drizzling; Freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: For the turkey brine: Heat the apple cider, brown sugar, salt, peppercorns, garlic, bay leaves, oranges, shallots, parsley, sage and thyme in a saucepot to dissolve the sugar and salt. Then let the mixture cool completely. Divide the turkey pieces between two 2 1/2-gallon resealable plastic bags or containers big enough to hold them. Add equal parts of the brine to the two bags. Let rest for several hours in the fridge, preferably overnight. Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Remove the turkey from the brine and pat dry. Rub the skin with oil and sprinkle with pepper. Set the turkey on a metal <END>
INPUT: Italian, gravy, virgin olive oil, butter, button mushrooms, rosemary, couple thyme
OUTPUT: TITLE: Turkey and Mushroom Creamy Tomato "Gravy" With Gnocchi | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 2 tablespoons butter, plus 1 tablespoon butter; 1/2 pound white button mushrooms, sliced; 2 sprigs fresh rosemary, leaves finely chopped; A couple sprigs thyme, leaves chopped; 1 bay leaf; 1 medium onion, finely chopped; 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped or grated; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1/4 cup tomato paste; 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce; 2 cups chicken stock; 1 pound chopped cooked turkey meat; 1/2 cup heavy cream; 1 1/2 pounds gnocchi | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Cook's Note: Stir in any leftover mushrooms from the roasted mushroom meal mid-week. In a Dutch oven, heat the extra-virgin olive oil and 2 tablespoons of butter over medium heat. Add the mushrooms, rosemary, thyme and bay leaf and cook until the mushrooms are lightly brown, about 7 to 8 minutes. Stir in the onions and garlic and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Raise the heat a bit and cook 5 minutes more. Stir in the tomato paste, Worcestershire sauce and stock. Bring to a boil then reduce heat to a simmer. Add the turkey and heat until the mixture bubble <END>
INPUT: American, warm, sandwiches, balsamic vinegar, Dijon mustard, olive oil, beets
OUTPUT: TITLE: Warm Goat Cheese, Beet and Arugula Sandwiches | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 teaspoons balsamic vinegar; 1/2 teaspoon Dijon mustard; 3 tablespoons olive oil; 14- to 15-ounce can sliced beets, drained; 8 (1/2-inch-thick) bread slices from a round country loaf; 6 ounces soft mild goat cheese, softened; 4 very thin slices red onion, rings separated; 16 large arugula leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat broiler. Whisk together vinegar, mustard, and salt and pepper to taste, then whisk in 2 tablespoons oil. Toss beets with vinaigrette. Arrange bread on a large baking sheet and brush tops with remaining tablespoon oil. Season with salt and pepper and broil 6 inches from heat 1 to 1 1/2 minutes, or until edges are golden. Remove 4 slices from oven. Turn remaining 4 slices over on baking sheet and spread thickly with goat cheese. Broil 1 minute more and transfer to plates. Top goat cheese with drained beets, onion, arugula, and remaining bread, toasted sides up. Preheat broiler. Whisk tog <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, spiced, brown, grind couscous, chicken vegetable stock, star anise pods, kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spiced and Steamed Couscous With Brown Butter | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 3 cups medium-grind couscous (not instant); 2 cups chicken or vegetable stock; 1 (3-inch) cinnamon stick; 4 star anise pods, divided; 2 teaspoons kosher salt, plus more; 1 teaspoon coriander seeds, divided; 1 teaspoon cumin seeds, divided; 2 garlic cloves, crushed; 6 tablespoons unsalted butter | INSTRUCTIONS: Spread out couscous on a rimmed baking sheet. Bring stock, cinnamon stick, 2 star anise pods, 2 tsp. salt, 1/2 tsp. coriander seeds, and 1/2 tsp. cumin seeds to a simmer in a small saucepan over medium heat, stirring occasionally, until salt is dissolved, about 4 minutes. Let cool. Strain stock over couscous; discard solids. Let sit, stirring occasionally, until liquid is absorbed and grains begin to swell, 10–15 minutes. Rake and rub couscous with your hands until no clumps remain. Pour water into a large pot to come 1" up sides. Add garlic, remaining 2 star anise pods, remaining 1/2 tsp. cor <END>
INPUT: chips, Vegetable oil, plantains, limes, Salt Preheat oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Plantain Chips | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Vegetable oil, for frying; 2 green plantains, peeled; 2 limes, zested and juiced; Salt Preheat 1-inch of oil in a deep sided skillet over medium-high heat to 360 degrees F | INSTRUCTIONS: Using a mandoline or sharp knife, slice plantains into 1/8-inch thick ovals on the diagonal. Carefully add plantains to the oil in batches and fry until a tap with a metal spoon sounds hollow, about 1 minute. Remove to a paper towel-lined plate. Sprinkle lightly with lime zest, lime juice and salt. Transfer to a serving plate and serve. <END>
INPUT: salad, olive oil, tuna steaks, celery, unpeeled Granny Smith, scallions
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fresh Tuna Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons olive oil; 2 fresh tuna steaks (about 8 ounces each); 1/2 cup finely diced celery; 1/2 cup finely diced unpeeled Granny Smith apple; 2 scallions, thinly sliced; 1/2 cup mayonnaise; 3 tablespoons finely slivered fresh basil leaves; 4 good inner radicchio leaves, for serving cups; Toasted peasant bread | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. Heat the oil in a large, nonstick skillet over medium-high heat. Sear the tuna on the first side for 5 minutes, until lightly browned. Turn with a spatula and sear for 3 minutes longer or until cooked to your preference. Let the tuna rest for 5 minutes. 2. Flake the tuna into 1x1/2-inch pieces and remove to a large bowl. Toss gently with the celery, apple, and scallions. Season with salt. 3. Fold mayonnaise and basil into the tuna. Serve in radicchio cups with toasted peasant bread. 1. Heat the oil in a large, nonstick skillet over medium-high heat. Sear the tuna on the first side for 5 min <END>
INPUT: sundaes, hot fudge sauce, raspberries, marble cake brownies, chocolate ice cream, raspberry sorbet
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate-Raspberry Sundaes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 jar hot fudge sauce; 1 pint raspberries; 2 slices marble pound cake or 2 large brownies, store bought; 1/2 pint chocolate ice cream; 1/2 pint raspberry sorbet; Whipped cream; 1 bittersweet chocolate bar, for shaving | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat the fudge sauce in small pot. Add in raspberries and mash the berries into sauce. Turn off heat. Place a slice of cake or a brownie on each dessert plate. Top with 1 scoop each of chocolate ice cream and raspberry sorbet, top with a river of raspberry hot fudge and a swirl of whipped cream. Garnish with shaved chocolate, shaved with a vegetable peeler. <END>
INPUT: panna, cotta, almond milk, heavy cream, sugar, almond extract
OUTPUT: TITLE: Vanilla-Almond Panna Cotta | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup almond milk, divided; 1 (1/4-ounce) package unflavored gelatin; 1 1/2 cups heavy cream; 1/2 cup sugar; 1/2 teaspoon plus 1/4 teaspoon almond extract; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; 1/4 cup chocolate fudge syrup, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Pour 1/3 cup almond milk into a small bowl and stir in gelatin; set aside. In a medium saucepan, stir together heavy cream, remaining almond milk, and sugar. Bring to boil over medium heat, watching carefully as the cream will quickly rise to the top of the pan. Pour gelatin and almond milk into cream mixture and stir until gelatin is completely dissolved. Add 1/2 teaspoon almond extract and vanilla extract and cook for 1 minute, stirring constantly. Remove from heat and pour into 6 (4-ounce) individual ramekins. Leave ramekins uncovered at room temperature to cool. When cool, cover with plast <END>
INPUT: Asian, kosher salt sea
OUTPUT: TITLE: Ultimate Korean Fried Chicken | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup (113 grams) rice vinegar; 1/2 cup (113 grams) water; 1/2 cup (113 grams) superfine sugar or caster sugar; 1 teaspoon kosher salt or sea salt; 1 pound (about 500 grams) daikon radish, cut into 1/2-inch cubes; 1/4 cup (32 grams) cornstarch or corn flour; 2 1/2 teaspoons kosher salt or sea salt; 1/2 teaspoon baking powder; 10 grinds black pepper; 2 chicken drumsticks, 2 thighs and 4 wings with tips (bone in, skin on); 80 grams dark brown sugar; 70 grams Korean chile paste (gochujang); 30 grams soy sauce; 15 grams rice vinegar; 14 grams sesame oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. For the pickled radish cubes: Combine the rice vinegar, water, superfine sugar and salt in a large bowl, whisking until the sugar and salt are dissolved. Add the radish cubes and toss to coat. Leave at room temperature, covered, for 24 hours. Then refrigerate. For the pre-coating: In a large bowl, whisk together the cornstarch, salt, baking powder and pepper. Add the chicken and toss well until evenly coated in all areas. Transfer the chicken to a rack, shaking the chicken well to get rid of any excess coating. Let rest, uncovered, for 1 hour. For the gochujang s <END>
INPUT: Mexican, soup, croutons, virgin olive oil, scallions, bay leaves, cumin, carrots
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spicy Butternut Squash Soup with Lime Croutons | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 4 scallions, sliced (about 1/2 cup); 3 bay leaves; 1 teaspoon ground cumin; 2 medium carrots, sliced; 1 tablespoon tomato paste; 2 chipotle in adobo, chopped; 1 pound russet potatoes, peeled and diced; 1 medium butternut squash (about 1 1/2 pounds), peeled, seeded and diced; 1 tablespoon kosher salt, plus more for seasoning; Freshly ground black pepper; 4 cups low-sodium chicken broth; 3 tablespoons unsalted butter; 3 cups (1/2-inch) cubed baguette or other crusty bread; 1 lime, zested | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat a large saucepan over medium heat, add the oil and when shimmering, add the scallions, bay leaves and cumin, and cook until softened about 3 minutes. Add the carrots, tomato paste and chipotle, and cook stirring until the carrots brown about 8 minutes. Raise the heat to high and stir in the potatoes and squash, making sure they are well coated with the paste. Season with 1 tablespoon salt and freshly ground black pepper, to taste. Cook for about 5 minutes more. Pour in the broth and bring to a boil. Adjust the heat to maintain a gentle simmer, cover, and cook until the potato and the squa <END>
INPUT: Italian, risotto, beets, olive oil, wine vinegar, garlic, kale
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Flatiron Steaks with Kale and Beet Risotto | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound beets, scrubbed and greens removed; 3 tablespoons olive oil; 1/2 cup red-wine vinegar; 1 small clove garlic, finely chopped; 1 bunch kale, thick stems trimmed and chopped; 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice; 1/2 cup chopped onion; 1 cup Arborio rice; 1/4 cup dry white wine; 3 cups chicken stock (or water); 2 (8-ounce) flatiron steaks, at room temperature; 1/4 cup crumbled blue cheese (Recommended: Pure Luck) | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Wrap the beets in aluminum foil and roast until a toothpick is inserted in beets with little resistance, about 45 minutes. Set aside to cool completely, then peel. Transfer the beets to a blender and puree with 1 tablespoon olive oil and vinegar. Set the puree aside. In a large skillet, heat 1 tablespoon olive oil over medium heat; add garlic and cook, stirring, until fragrant, 30 seconds. Add the kale; cook until tender, about 5 minutes. Stir in the lemon juice. In a medium saucepan, heat 2 tablespoons olive oil over medium heat. Cook the onion, stirring occ <END>
INPUT: French, torn baguette, pine nuts, olive oil, pancetta
OUTPUT: TITLE: Baguette, Smoked Oyster, and Pancetta Stuffing | CUISINE: French | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 cup (1 1/2 sticks) unsalted butter, cut into pieces, divided, plus more; 10 cups coarsely torn baguette, dried out overnight; 1/4 cup pine nuts; 3 tablespoons olive oil; 4 ounces pancetta, cut into 1/4" pieces; 2 large leeks, white and pale-green parts only, thinly sliced; 4 celery stalks, chopped; Kosher salt, freshly ground pepper; 1/4 cup Cognac; 2 large eggs; 3 cups chicken stock or low-sodium chicken broth, divided; 1 cup coarsely chopped canned smoked oysters; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh thyme; 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh sage; 2 teaspoons finely grated lemon zest | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350°. Butter a shallow 3-quart baking dish and a sheet of foil. Place bread in a very large bowl. Toast nuts on a rimmed baking sheet, tossing once, until golden brown, 6-8 minutes. Let cool; add to bowl with bread. Meanwhile, heat oil in a large skillet over medium-high. Cook pancetta, stirring often, until browned and crisp, 5.8 minutes. Transfer to bowl with a slotted spoon. Add leeks and celery to skillet, season with salt and pepper, and cook, stirring often, until leeks are golden brown and soft, 10.15 minutes. Transfer to bowl. Reduce heat, add Cognac to skillet (take c <END>
INPUT: Indian, skewers, wine, piece pork belly, salt, sugar, peppercorns, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pork Loin Skewers in Red Wine Sauce with Fig and Cranberry Chutney | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 1 piece pork belly (about 1 pound), trimmed, hard skin removed and meat cut into cubes; 1/4 cup salt, plus more for seasoning; 1/4 cup sugar; 1 tablespoon peppercorns; 1 teaspoon crushed red pepper; 2 dried bay leaves; 3 cloves garlic; 1 boneless pork loin (about 2 to 3 pounds), trimmed and cut into cubes; 2 onions, cut into bite-size pieces; 2 bell peppers, cut into bite-size pieces; Freshly ground black pepper; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1 onion, chopped; 2 carrots, chopped; 1 stalk celery, chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: 6 to 8 wood skewers that have been soaked in water for a few minutes For the pork: Bring a large saucepan of water to a simmer and cook the pork belly for 20 minutes. Remove from the water and let cool. Combine the salt, sugar, peppercorns, crushed red pepper, bay leaves, garlic and 4 cups water in a large saucepan. Bring the mixture to a simmer, then let cool. Place the pork loin in the brine mixture and let sit in the fridge until ready to cook, at least 1 hour and up to 1 day. Remove the pork from the brine, discard the brine and bring to room temperature before cooking.  <END>
INPUT: lefkada, panada, virgin olive oil, bread cubes without, onion, tomato paste, Salt taste
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sauteed Bread with Onion and Tomato from Lefkada (Panada) | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 2 cups 1-inch bread cubes without crusts; 1 medium red onion, coarsely chopped; 3 tablespoons tomato paste; Salt to taste; Freshly ground black pepper to taste | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat 2 tablespoons of the olive oil in a large skillet over medium-low heat and saute the bread until golden and crisp. Remove bread and set aside. Add 2 more tablespoons of olive oil and cook the onion, stirring, just until the onion begins to color, about 10 minutes. Add the tomato paste and swirl around with the onion. Season with a little salt. Add the bread and toss all together in the skillet until the bread is warmed through. Remove from the heat, drizzle with the remaining 2 tablespoons olive oil, season with salt and pepper, and serve. <END>
INPUT: bacon, sweet onion, Four pork beans, dark molasses, light sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Easy Baked Beans | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound bacon; 1 large sweet onion, such as Vidalia, finely chopped; Four 14-ounce cans pork and beans; 1/2 cup dark molasses; 1/4 cup light brown sugar, packed; 2 tablespoons prepared yellow mustard | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Fry the bacon in a large skillet over medium-high heat until crisp. Remove the bacon from the pan, leaving the drippings, and drain it on paper towels. Crumble and set aside. Add the onion to the pan with the bacon drippings and saute until softened, a couple minutes. Stir in the beans, molasses, brown sugar, mustard and crumbled bacon, and mix well. Pour the beans into a 3-quart casserole and bake, uncovered, for about 45 minutes. <END>
INPUT: panini, brine cured olives, capers, garlic, lemon zest
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tuna and Artichoke Panini | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup brine-cured black olives, rinsed, drained, and pitted; 2 teaspoons drained capers; 1 small garlic clove, chopped; 1/2 teaspoon finely grated fresh lemon zest; 2 (6 1/2-ounce) jars marinated artichokes, drained, reserving marinade, and chopped; 1/3 cup mayonnaise; 2 (6-ounce) cans tuna in olive oil, drained and any large chunks broken into smaller pieces; 4 (7-inch-long) ciabatta rolls or other crusty rolls with soft, chewy crumb; 3/4 cup fresh flat-leaf parsley leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: Blend olives, capers, garlic, zest, and 3 tablespoons artichoke marinade in a blender, scraping down sides frequently, until as smooth as possible, 1 to 2 minutes. Transfer mixture to a bowl and stir in mayonnaise. Stir together artichokes and tuna in another bowl. Split each roll horizontally and remove inner crumb from top half. Spread olive mayonnaise on cut sides of rolls and make sandwiches with tuna and artichokes, seasoning filling with pepper and topping with parsley. Blend olives, capers, garlic, zest, and 3 tablespoons artichoke marinade in a blender, scraping down sides frequently,  <END>
INPUT: warm, salad, olive oil, thyme, garlic, chanterelles, vegetable oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Warm Chanterelle Salad with Speck and Poached Eggs | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 tablespoons olive oil, divided; 4 fresh thyme sprigs; 3 garlic cloves, divided; 1 pound fresh chanterelles, cleaned, cut into 1/3-inch-thick slices; Nonstick vegetable oil spray; 4 ounces 1/8-inch-thick slices Speck, rind trimmed; 6 3/4-inch-thick slices ciabatta or pain rustique; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 6 large eggs; 2 small heads of butter lettuce, coarsely torn (about 11 cups); 6 cups mâche or arugula (3 1/2 ounces); Vin Santo Vinaigrette | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 500°F. Combine 4 tablespoons oil and thyme in large bowl. Press 2 garlic cloves into oil with garlic press; whisk to blend. Add chanterelles and toss to coat. Sprinkle with salt and pepper. Spray rimmed baking sheet with nonstick spray. Spread mushroom mixture on sheet. Roast mushrooms until tender, stirring occasionally, about 6 minutes. Cut Speck crosswise into 1/4-inch-thick strips. Heat 1 tablespoon oil in small skillet over medium-high heat. Add Speck; sauté until crisp, 4 minutes. Drain on paper towels. Toast ciabatta slices until golden; rub with remaining garlic clove.  <END>
INPUT: salad, asparagus, garlic, vegetable oil, salt, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Asparagus and Sun-Dried Tomato Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 bunches asparagus, stems trimmed and split lengthwise; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh garlic; 1/4 cup vegetable oil; 3 teaspoons salt; 2 teaspoons ground black pepper; 2 tablespoons coarsely chopped rosemary leaves; 2 tablespoons coarsely chopped thyme leaves; 1 (8-ounce) jar julienne sliced sun-dried tomatoes in oil, drained; 12 shiitake mushrooms, stems removed and sliced thin | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat grill on medium-high heat. Add asparagus, chopped garlic, vegebtable oil, salt and pepper, rosemary and thyme to a large bowl. Mix together. Grill asparagus for 3 to 4 minutes. Place asparagus back into bowl. Add julienne-sliced sun-dried tomatoes. Mix together. Remove 2 tablespoons oil from asparagus mixture, and place into saute pan. Add mushrooms; cook for 3 to 4 minutes until browned and crisp. Remove mushrooms and mix into asparagus mixture. Serve at room temperature. <END>
INPUT: vinaigrette, vegetable oil, paprika, shallot, capers, flat leaf parsley
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Rib Eye with Paprika Vinaigrette | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup vegetable oil; 2 tablespoons paprika; 1 large shallot, finely chopped; 1/3 cup coarsely chopped capers; 1/4 cup chopped fresh flat-leaf parsley; 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar; 1 tablespoon crushed red pepper flakes; Kosher salt; 2 32-ounce bone-in beef rib eyes (about 2" thick); 2 tablespoons vegetable oil; Kosher salt; Freshly ground pepper; 2 tablespoons light brown sugar; 2 tablespoons piment d'Espelette or hot paprika; Special equipment: Cheesecloth | INSTRUCTIONS: Paprika Vinaigrette: Heat oil and paprika in a small saucepan over medium heat, swirling pan occasionally, until warm, about 5 minutes. Remove from heat and let stand until oil is cool and turns dark red, 1–1 1/2 hours. Strain paprika oil through a fine-mesh sieve lined with cheesecloth into a small bowl. Mix in shallot, capers, parsley, vinegar, and red pepper flakes; season with salt. Heat oil and paprika in a small saucepan over medium heat, swirling pan occasionally, until warm, about 5 minutes. Remove from heat and let stand until oil is cool and turns dark red, 1–1 1/2 hours. Strain papr <END>
INPUT: olive oil, onion, pepper flakes, garlic, curly kale
OUTPUT: TITLE: Braised Kale and Tomatoes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 to 4 tablespoons olive oil; 1 yellow onion, chopped; 1/2 teaspoon red pepper flakes; 3 cloves garlic, roughly chopped; 2 bunches curly kale, cleaned well, center stems removed, and torn; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 cups whole peeled tomatoes; 3/4 cup chicken stock | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Heat the olive oil in a large pot over medium-high heat. Once hot, stir in the onions and saute until softened, about 4 minutes. Toss in the red pepper, garlic, kale and some salt and pepper and continue to cook for 2 more minutes. Pour in the tomatoes and stir to combine, then add the chicken stock. Turn the heat to medium, cover with a lid and cook until the kale is silky and tender, about 15 minutes. <END>
INPUT: cocktail, container lemonade concentrate, vanilla flavored plain, rose champagne, mint
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lemon Champagne Cocktail | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: One 12-ounce container frozen lemonade concentrate, thawed (1 1/2 cups); 1 1/2 cups vanilla-flavored or plain vodka; One 750 ml bottle rose champagne, chilled; Fresh mint sprigs | INSTRUCTIONS: In a pitcher, combine the lemonade and vodka. Slowly stir in the champagne. Pour into ice-filled glasses and garnish with mint sprigs. Cook's Note: To make vanilla-flavored vodka, place 3 whole vanilla beans in a 750 ml bottle of plain vodka. Place the bottle in a cool dark place for at least 10 days to allow the vanilla to infuse the vodka. Open the bottle occasionally during the infusion time. <END>
INPUT: American, cappicola, hot cherry peppers, Prosciutto di Parma, herb garlic spreadable
OUTPUT: TITLE: Stuffed Cherry Peppers | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 8 (1/2-inch) cubes pepperoncino, crushed red pepper Italian table cheese, available in specialty cheese case, Asiago or pepato may be substituted; 4 slices cappicola (hot Italian ham) cut in half; 8 hot cherry peppers, tops cut off and seeds removed; 2 slices Prosciutto di Parma; 3 ounces herb and garlic spreadable cheese or goat cheese; 1 rib celery, cut into 1/2-inch pieces; 8 sweet peppers, tops removed and seeded | INSTRUCTIONS: For hot peppers: Wrap cheese cubes in half of one slice of hot ham. Stuff ham wrapped cheese cubes inside the cherry peppers and reset caps with a toothpick. For sweet cherry peppers: Spread each slice of prosciutto with a thin layer of herb and garlic cheese. Cut each slice of ham in four pieces, then wrap a piece of celery inside each strip of ham. Stuff the meat and cheese wrapped celery into each cherry pepper. <END>
INPUT: fudge, sugar, butter, heavy cream, vanilla extract
OUTPUT: TITLE: Malted Milk Fudge | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Nonstick cooking spray, for the pan; 3 cups sugar; 1 cup butter; 1 cup heavy cream; 2 teaspoons vanilla extract; Pinch salt; 1 cup milk chocolate chips; 1 cup white chocolate chips; One 7-ounce jar marshmallow cream, such as Fluff; 1/4 cup malted milk powder, such as Ovaltine; 1 cup malted milk balls, such as Whoppers, broken into pieces; 1 pint vanilla ice cream, for serving | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: a candy thermometer Grease a 9-by-13-inch pan lightly with cooking spray and then line it with parchment so that the paper hangs over all the sides (this will allow you to remove the fudge from the pan). Combine the sugar, butter, cream, vanilla and salt in a large saucepot over high heat. Bring to a boil and then cook until the mixture reaches 240 degrees F on a candy thermometer, about 4 minutes. Meanwhile, in the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, mix the milk chocolate and white chocolate chips, marshmallow cream and malted milk powder. With the spe <END>
INPUT: bacon, onion, rosemary leaves, Salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Bacon Cornbread Stuffed Mushrooms | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 (10-ounce) packages baby portobello mushrooms; 4 slices bacon; 1/2 medium onion, chopped; 2 teaspoons finely chopped rosemary leaves; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1/3 cup cream cheese, at room temperature; Leftover corn muffin tops from Chili Topped Cornbread Bites recipe, crumbled | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Remove the stems from the mushroom caps and reserve the stems for the (Round 2 Bacon Mushroom Quiche). In a skillet, over medium heat, add the bacon and cook until crisp. Remove from the pan and set aside on a brown paper bag or paper towels to drain. In the same skillet, add the onions and saute until translucent. Stir in the rosemary, and salt and pepper, to taste, and cook for 2 minutes. In a small bowl combine the cream cheese with the leftover crumbled corn muffin tops. Stir in the sauteed onion. Finely chop the reserved cooked bacon and stir into cornbread  <END>
INPUT: Indian, sashimi, hamachi, chives, Fleur de sel, pepper, ginger julienned super
OUTPUT: TITLE: New Style Hamachi Sashimi with Curry Oil | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 8 ounces of hamachi (yellowtail), pounded out carpaccio style; 1/4 cup chopped chives; Fleur de sel (kosher salt could work, but recommend fleur de sel for both taste and texture); Fresh cracked black pepper; 1/2 tablespoon ginger julienned super fine; Soy syrup, recipe follows; 1/4 cup curry oil, recipe follows; 2 cups thin soy sauce; 1/2 cup brown sugar; 1 lime juiced; 1/4 cup curry powder; Water to make runny paste; Pinch of salt; 1 cup canola oil; Make paste and slowly add oil. Let stand for 1 hour to settle. Use top, yellow oil for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Wrap each 2-ounce piece of fish in plastic wrap and pound flat using the bottom of a saute pan. Lay each plate with the carpaccio. Sprinkle with chives, a pinch of salt and black pepper. Drizzle a little soy syrup. In a small saute pan, heat the curry oil very hot. Add the ginger to the pan. Immediately spoon on 1 tablespoon per plate of the hot oil. The fish should sizzle where the oil hits. Serve at once. Combine all ingredients and reduce at a simmer until a syrup consistency is achieved, about a 60 to 70 per cent reduction. Let cool. <END>
INPUT: Italian, alfredo, Kosher salt, virgin olive oil, garlic, zucchini
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken-Zucchini Alfredo | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: Kosher salt; 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 2 cloves garlic, minced; 2 zucchini, thinly sliced into half-moons; 4 4-ounce thin skinless, boneless chicken breasts; Freshly ground pepper; 12 ounces fettuccine (preferably whole wheat); 1 tablespoon all-purpose flour; 1 cup cold low-fat milk (1%); 1/2 cup evaporated nonfat milk; 3/4 cup freshly grated parmesan cheese; 1/4 cup chopped fresh parsley | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Heat 1 tablespoon olive oil in a nonstick skillet over medium heat. Add 1 clove garlic and cook 30 seconds. Add the zucchini, cover and cook until tender, stirring, about 6 minutes. Transfer to a bowl. Heat another tablespoon oil in the skillet over medium-high heat. Season the chicken with 1/4 teaspoon each salt and pepper and cook through, 2 to 3 minutes per side. Transfer to a plate. Cook the pasta in the boiling water as the label directs. Drain, reserving 1/2 cup cooking water; return the pasta to the pot. Meanwhile, whisk the flour and low-fat <END>
INPUT: water, lobster tail, Salt pepper, hot clarified butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lobster Tail | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup water; 21-ounce lobster tail; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 3.15 ounces hot clarified butter | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat frying pan and add 1/2 cup of water. Rinse the lobster. Open the lobster tail in butterfly form and sprinkle with salt and pepper, to taste. Place the lobster tail in the frying pan. Cover. Steam cook for 8 minutes. Serve with clarified hot butter. <END>
INPUT: decorations, chocolate, cocoa butter, Powdered food colors, Rubber stamps
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate Decorations | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 32 ounces white chocolate, tempered (How to Temper Chocolate), method follows; 10 ounces cocoa butter, melted; Powdered food colors; Rubber stamps, a design of your choice, available at craft stores | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: Rubber stamps, a design of your choice, available at craft stores Use a sheet of textured acetate approximately 11 by 14 inches, purchased from a home improvement center or an art supply store. Place it on a flat work surface in front of you. Pour some tempered white chocolate onto the plastic and spread with an offset spatula to create a layer that is about 1/8-inch thick. You can gently shake the plastic to help the chocolate become smooth. Use a sharp chef's knife to cut the chocolate when it begins to set but before it hardens into 1-inch squares. When the chocolate has  <END>
INPUT: holiday, sauce, lemon cake mix, mincemeat, almonds, sugar, butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Holiday Mincemeat Cake with Eggnog Rum Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 lemon cake mix; 1 cup mincemeat; 1/2 cup finely chopped almonds; 1 cup sugar; 1/2 cup butter; 1/2 cup prepared eggnog; 1 teaspoon rum or; 1/2 teaspoon rum extract; Dash of nutmeg | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat oven to 350 deg. Spray oven-safe 11-inch skillet or a 9 X 13 cake pan with nonstick cooking spray. Prepare cake mix according to package directions, except reduce the water by 1/4 cup. After mixing, fold in the mincemeat and nuts. Bake 35 to 40 min. Cake is done with toothpick inserted in center of cake comes out clean. Let cool 5 min. Run a knife around edge of pan and invert onto serving plate. Sauce: Combine butter, sugar and eggnog in small saucepan. Bring to a boil. Boil for 2 min. Remove from heat stir in rum or rum extract and a dash of nutmeg. Serve warm. <END>
INPUT: asian, rice vinegar, canola oil, dark sesame oil, sesame seeds, tri color cole
OUTPUT: TITLE: Asian Slaw | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup rice vinegar; 1 tablespoon canola oil; 1 tablespoon dark sesame oil; 1 tablespoon sesame seeds; 12 ounces tri-color cole slaw mix; 1 cup bean sprouts; 1 cup crispy fried chow mein noodles, plus more for garnish (recommended: La Choy) | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large bowl, whisk together rice vinegar, canola oil, sesame oil, and sesame seeds. Add slaw mix, bean sprouts, and fried noodles. Toss to combine. Place in refrigerator for 15 minutes for flavors to meld. Serve garnished with additional fried noodles. <END>
INPUT: loaded, mayonnaise, creme fraiche, shallots, lemon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Loaded Lobster Roll | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 (1-pound) lobsters; 2 tablespoons mayonnaise; 2 tablespoons creme fraiche; 3 tablespoons diced shallots; 1 lemon, juiced; 2 tablespoons chopped chives; 2 tablespoons chopped parsley leaves; 1 avocado, halved, pitted and flesh diced; 8 slices thick cut bacon, cooked crisp and crumbled; Salt and freshly cracked black pepper; 4 brioche rolls, split | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Bring a large stock pot with approximately 2 gallons of salted water to a boil over high heat. Add the lobsters and boil for about 8 minutes. Drain from water and shock in an ice bath. Once cooled, remove the knuckles, claws and tail from the body of the lobster by a slight twist and pull. Split the tail with a knife, remove the meat from the shell and set aside. Pull off the claw pincher. Crack the claws with a nutcracker and remove the meat. Set aside. Using kitchen shears cut through the knuckle portion and remove the meat. G <END>
INPUT: Italian, head, meatballs, "lite" coconut milk, reduced sodium soy, curry powder, pork beef, scallions
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spaghetti with Lion's Head Meatballs | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup "lite" coconut milk; 2 tablespoons reduced-sodium soy sauce; 1 tablespoon curry powder; 1 pound lean ground pork or beef; 1/2 cup chopped scallions; 1/4 cup minced leek, white and pale green part only; 2 tablespoons cornstarch; 1 tablespoon all-purpose flour; 1 tablespoon toasted sesame oil; 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh ginger; 2 teaspoons seeded and minced fresh chile pepper; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/4 teaspoon ground white pepper; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 12 ounces spaghetti or spaghettini | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine coconut milk, soy sauce and curry powder in a large saucepan. Set aside. Place pork or beef, scallions, leek, cornstarch, flour, sesame oil, ginger, chile, and salt and pepper in a large mixing bowl. Knead by hand until thoroughly combined and the mixture becomes sticky. To make ahead: Cover and refrigerate the meatball mixture for up to 2 days. Divide into 10 equal portions, about 1/4 cup each. Roll each portion into a ball. Heat olive oil in a large nonstick skillet over medium heat, swirling to coat the sides. Add the meatballs and cook, turning occasionally, until browned on all si <END>
INPUT: Italian, cornmeal, Two homemade purchased, homemade purchased Marinara, pasteurized mozzarella, Parmesan
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pizza with Pineapple and Ham | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon yellow cornmeal; Two 8-ounce pieces of homemade or purchased Pizza Dough, recipe follows; 3/4 cup homemade or purchased Marinara Sauce, recipe follows; 1 1/3 cups grated pasteurized mozzarella; 2 tablespoons grated Parmesan; 4 canned pineapple slices, coarsely chopped; 4 thin slices cooked ham, coarsely chopped; 1/2 cup warm water (105 to 110 degrees F); 2 teaspoons dry yeast; 2 cups all-purpose flour; 1 teaspoon salt; 3 tablespoons olive oil; 1/2 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 2 small onions, finely chopped; 2 garlic cloves, finely chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: Position 1 oven rack in the center and the second rack on the bottom of the oven and preheat to 450 degrees F. Sprinkle the cornmeal over 2 rimless baking sheets. Roll out each piece of Pizza Dough into a 10- to 11-inch round. Transfer 1 dough to each prepared baking sheet. Spoon the Marinara Sauce over the dough, dividing equaling and leaving a 1-inch border around each pizza. Sprinkle the cheeses over the sauce. Arrange the pineapple pieces in a single layer over the cheeses. Sprinkle with the ham. Bake the pizzas until the crusts are crisp and brown on the bottom and the cheese is melted on <END>
INPUT: salad, assorted bell peppers, virgin olive oil, Italian parsley, capers, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Red Bell Pepper Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 assorted bell peppers (red, orange, and yellow); 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 1/4 cup chopped fresh Italian parsley; 1/4 cup drained capers; 2 garlic cloves, minced; 2 teaspoons dried oregano; 1/4 teaspoon crushed dried red pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Char peppers over open flame or in broiler until blackened on all sides. Transfer to large bowl, cover with plastic wrap, and cool. Peel and seed peppers. Cut into 1/2-inch-wide strips. Place peppers in medium bowl. Add all remaining ingredients and toss to coat. Cover and refrigerate overnight. (Can be made 2 days ahead. Keep refrigerated.) Return to room temperature before serving. Char peppers over open flame or in broiler until blackened on all sides. Transfer to large bowl, cover with plastic wrap, and cool. Peel and seed peppers. Cut into 1/2-inch-wide strips. Place peppers in medium bow <END>
INPUT: Mexican, cake, powdered sugar, eggs, milk, self rising flour
OUTPUT: TITLE: Glazed Lime Cake | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 cup (1 1/2 sticks) butter, room temperature; 2 1/2 cups powdered sugar, divided; 2 large eggs, room temperature; 1/4 cup milk; 1 1/3 cups self-rising flour; 2 to 3 large limes; 1/4 cup sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350°F. Butter and flour 8-inch square baking pan. Using electric mixer, cream butter and 11/2 cups powdered sugar in large bowl. Beat in eggs 1 at a time. Beat in milk, then flour. Transfer batter to prepared pan; smooth top. Bake cake until tester inserted into center comes out clean, about 35 minutes. Meanwhile, finely grate enough lime peel to measure 1 tablespoon. Halve limes; squeeze enough juice to measure 1/4 cup. Mix peel, juice, and 1/4 cup sugar in small bowl. Set lime syrup aside. Using skewer, poke holes all over baked cake. Spoon half of lime syrup (about 3 tablesp <END>
INPUT: shrimp, buttered, light molasses, chili powder, mayonnaise, celery
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spicy Shrimp Rémoulade on Molasses-Buttered Toast | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 tablespoons (3/4 stick) butter, room temperature; 2 teaspoons light molasses; 1/4 teaspoon chili powder; 1/2 cup mayonnaise; 3 tablespoons finely chopped celery; 1 1/2 tablespoons chopped Italian parsley; 2 1/2 teaspoons drained prepared white horseradish; 2 teaspoons minced shallot; 2 teaspoons ketchup; 2 teaspoons whole grain Dijon mustard; 1 teaspoon grated lemon peel; 1 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce; 1 teaspoon paprika; 1 small garlic clove, minced; 1/4 teaspoon cayenne pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: For molasses butter: Using fork, mix all ingredients in small bowl to blend. Using fork, mix all ingredients in small bowl to blend. For remoulade sauce: Mix first 12 ingredients in medium bowl. Preheat oven to 425°F. Spread molasses butter lightly over bread; arrange in single layer on baking sheet. Bake until bread begins to firm up, about 10 minutes. Cool. Mix shrimp into remoulade sauce. Top toasts with shrimp mixture. Sprinkle with chives. Place toasts on platter. Mix first 12 ingredients in medium bowl. Preheat oven to 425°F. Spread molasses butter lightly over bread; arrange in single l <END>
INPUT: fizz, orange juice, ice cubes, champagne
OUTPUT: TITLE: Champagne Fizz | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup orange juice; 3 or 4 ice cubes; 4 ounces chilled champagne | INSTRUCTIONS: Pour the orange juice into a 10-ounce highball glass, add ice cubes, and fill with champagne. Pour the orange juice into a 10-ounce highball glass, add ice cubes, and fill with champagne. <END>
INPUT: warm, fruit, orange, cranberries, vanilla ice cream, Ginger snaps
OUTPUT: TITLE: Warm Fruit Compote of Cherries, Orange and Cranberries Over Vanilla Ice Cream | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 (15-ounce) can pitted cherries; 1 orange, zested and juiced; 1/4 cup dried sweetened cranberries; 1 pint vanilla ice cream; Ginger snaps, vanilla wafers or cinnamon sugar cookies, to garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: In a microwave safe bowl, combine cherries and their juice, orange zest and juice and the cranberries. Loosely cover dish with plastic food storage wrap and microwave on high 1 minute. Stir fruit and microwave on high 1 minute longer. Let fruit stand 5 minutes, then spoon over scoops of vanilla ice cream. Garnish with ginger snaps, vanilla wafers or cinnamon sugar cookies. Compote may also be prepared on conventional stove top. Combine compote ingredients in a small saucepot and simmer over low heat 7 or 8 minutes or until cranberries plump. <END>
INPUT: unsalted butter olive, onion, long grain basmati, water, kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Basmati Rice | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon unsalted butter or olive oil; 1 yellow onion, chopped; 1 cup long grain basmati rice; 1 3/4 cups water; 1 1/2 teaspoons kosher salt; 1/4 cup sliced scallions; 1 tablespoon minced fresh parsley | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook the butter and onions over medium heat until translucent, about 3 minutes. Add the rice and toss until all of the grains are coated with the butter. Add the water and salt, cover and cook until the water is absorbed and the rice is tender, about 15 to 20 minutes. Turn off the heat and allow to sit covered for 5 to 10 minutes. Add the scallions and parsley, fluff with a fork, and serve. <END>
INPUT: charred, chili powder, kosher salt, sugar, cayenne pepper, seedless watermelon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Hot Charred Watermelon Wedges | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon chili powder; 1 tablespoon kosher salt; 1 tablespoon sugar; 1/4 teaspoon cayenne pepper; 1 small seedless watermelon, cut into 1/4-inch wedges | INSTRUCTIONS: Mix the chili powder, salt, sugar and cayenne in a wide-bottomed bowl or plate. Heat a cast-iron pan over high heat. Once the pan is very hot, working in batches, coat each side of the watermelon wedges with the spice mixture and place flat in the pan until charred, 1 to 2 minutes. Flip and char the other side of each wedge, 1 to 2 minutes more. <END>
INPUT: roast, virgin olive oil, Sea salt, pepper, onions
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roast Pork and Potatoes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 (2 1/2 to 3-pound) boneless pork loins; Extra-virgin olive oil, for liberal drizzling; Sea salt; Freshly ground black pepper; 2 medium onions, very finely chopped; 4 cloves garlic, thinly sliced or finely chopped; 1 red Fresno chile pepper; 3 to 4 fresh rosemary sprigs, needles stripped and finely chopped; 2 tablespoons fresh thyme leaves, chopped; 2 pounds small potatoes, halved; 1 1/2 teaspoons fennel seed or pollen; 1 cup white wine or chicken stock; Creamy Mushrooms and Kale, recipe follows; 1 1/4 pounds mixed mushrooms, wiped clean (recommended: shiitake, porcini, cremini); 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Rub the loins with extra-virgin olive oil and lots of salt and coarse pepper. Combine the onions with the garlic, chile, rosemary, and thyme, and then dress with extra-virgin olive oil and salt and pepper. Arrange a bed of potatoes in a roaster pan. Place the pork loins over the potatoes. Add the fennel to one of the loins (the other is for the Pork and Poblano Green Chili Pot recipe, recipe follows). Pile the onion-flavoring paste evenly over the pork loins. Roast the meats 1 hour. Pour the wine evenly around the pan, and then shake the pan to loosen the pot <END>
INPUT: peppery, steak seasoning, wine vinegar, virgin olive oil, radishes, Italian cubanelle pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Peppery Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 teaspoons steak seasoning; 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar, eyeball it; 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil, eyeball it; 6 large radishes, thinly sliced; 1 green Italian cubanelle pepper, seeded and very thinly sliced; 4 scallions, chopped on an angle; 1 cup chopped pickled green beans, available on condiment aisle, or hot pickled Italian vegetable salad, Giardiniera, drained well; 2 bunches, 6 cups, arugula, cleaned and trimmed, coarsely chopped; Salt; Handful flat-leaf parsley, coarsely chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: Place the steak seasoning and vinegar in the bottom of a small bowl then whisk in extra-virgin olive oil and let dressing stand 10 to 15 minutes. Add the radishes, peppers, pickled vegetables, arugula and parsley to a salad bowl. When you're ready to serve the salad, dress it, toss and season it with salt, if necessary, to taste. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, green, burritos, tomatillos, onion, garlic, serrano chiles, Canola oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Green Chile Pork Burritos with Green, Green, Green... | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 6 to 8 tomatillos, husked and washed; 1 large red onion, coarsely chopped; 6 cloves garlic, smashed; 2 serrano chiles, seeded and coarsely chopped; Canola oil, for tossing and browning; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 limes, juiced (about 1/4 cup); 1/2 cup chopped cilantro; 4 pounds pork shoulder, cut into 2-inch pieces; 4 cups chicken stock, or enough to cover; Honey, for sweetening; 2 tablespoons canola oil; 1 small Spanish onion, finely diced; 1 cup long-grain rice; Salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: For the green chile pork: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Toss the tomatillos, onion, garlic and chiles with a few tablespoons of oil and season with salt and pepper. Roast until slightly charred and soft, about 40 minutes. Transfer the mixture to a food processor, add the lime juice and cilantro and process until smooth. Season with salt and pepper. Reduce the heat of the oven to 350 degrees F. Heat a few tablespoons of oil in a large Dutch oven over high heat until the oil begins to shimmer. Season the pork with salt and pepper and cook the meat in batches until golden brown on all sides, <END>
INPUT: Mexican, baby back pork, soy sauce, garlic, cumin seeds, pepper flakes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Orange and Soy-Glazed Baby Back Ribs | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 3 1/2 pounds baby back pork ribs, cut between bones into individual ribs (18-20 ribs); 1 cup soy sauce, divided; 9 garlic cloves, minced, divided; 5 teaspoons cumin seeds, divided; 3 teaspoons crushed red pepper flakes, divided; 3 tablespoons vegetable oil; 6 scallions (white and light-green parts separated from dark-green parts), finely chopped; 1 1/2 cups fresh orange juice plus zest from 1 orange; 3 tablespoons honey; Zest from 1 lemon and 1 lime | INSTRUCTIONS: Place ribs, 1/2 cup soy sauce, 3 minced garlic cloves, 2 teaspoons cumin seeds, and 1 teaspoon red pepper flakes in a large pot; add water to cover completely. Bring to a boil and immediately reduce to a simmer. Cover with lid ajar; cook until ribs are tender, about 2 hours. Drain ribs; set aside for 10 minutes. Meanwhile, heat oil in a small saucepan over medium heat; add remaining 3 teaspoons cumin seeds and 2 teaspoons red pepper flakes. Toast lightly until fragrant, about 30 seconds; add remaining 6 minced garlic cloves and white and pale-green scallions. Sauté until just soft, about 2 min <END>
INPUT: Mexican, oriental sesame oil, onions, hot links sausage, lemongrass, ginger
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mussels with Sausage, Coconut Milk and Lime | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons oriental sesame oil; 2 1/2 cups thinly sliced red onions; 8 ounces hot links sausage, cut into 1/2-inch pieces; 1/4 cup thinly sliced peeled lemongrass; 1 tablespoon minced peeled fresh ginger; 1 tablespoon minced garlic; 2 cups fish stock or bottled clam juice; 1 cup canned unsweetened coconut milk; 3 tablespoons fresh lime juice; 2 tablespoons rice vinegar; 1 tablespoon soy sauce; 1 1/2 teaspoons ground coriander; 1/4 cup chopped fresh cilantro; 3 dozen mussels, scrubbed, debearded | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat oil in heavy large saucepan over medium-high heat. Add onion, sausage, lemongrass, ginger and garlic and sauté 5 minutes. Add all remaining ingredients except cilantro and mussels and bring to boil. Reduce heat and simmer 5 minutes. Mix in half of cilantro. Meanwhile, place mussels in large pot. Cover and cook over medium heat until mussels open and release their juices, about 5 minutes (discard any mussels that do not open). Divide mussels among shallow soup bowls. Stir any mussel liquid into coconut-milk mixture; ladle over mussels. Sprinkle with remaining cilantro. Heat oil in heavy la <END>
INPUT: Italian, calzone, eggs, parsley, lemon zest, reduced fat mozzarella, virgin olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Salami-Mozzarella Calzone | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 2 large eggs; 1/4 cup chopped fresh parsley; 1 teaspoon grated lemon zest; 1/4 pound shredded reduced-fat mozzarella cheese; Extra-virgin olive oil, for brushing; 1 13.8-ounce tube refrigerated pizza dough; 1/4 pound deli-sliced salami, cut into thin strips; 1 1/2 cups giardiniera (pickled mixed vegetables), drained; 1/4 pound sliced provolone cheese | INSTRUCTIONS: Place a baking sheet upside down in the oven and preheat to 400 degrees F. Beat the eggs, parsley and lemon zest in a small bowl. Pour half of the egg mixture into a medium bowl and stir in the mozzarella. Reserve the remaining egg mixture for brushing on the crust. Turn another baking sheet upside down; line with parchment paper and brush with olive oil. Unroll the dough on the parchment paper and pat into a 9-by-12-inch rectangle. Spread the mozzarella mixture over one half of the dough, leaving a 1-inch border along the edge. Top with the salami, followed by the pickled vegetables and provo <END>
INPUT: cranberry, pecans, sugar, light corn syrup, unsalted butter, eggs
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pecan Cranberry Tart | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/4 cups pecans (5 oz), chopped; 3/4 cup sugar; 3/4 cup light corn syrup; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 3 large eggs; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 1 teaspoon vanilla; 1 cup fresh or frozen cranberries (not thawed; 3 1/2 oz), chopped; 1 baked (10-inch) tart shell | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350°F. Lightly toast pecans in a shallow baking pan in middle of oven until fragrant but not darker, about 5 minutes, then cool. Leave oven on. Cook 1/2 cup sugar in a dry 2-quart heavy saucepan over moderate heat, undisturbed, until it begins to melt. Continue to cook, stirring occasionally with a fork (to help sugar melt evenly), until sugar is melted into a deep golden caramel. Tilt pan and carefully add corn syrup (caramel will harden and steam vigorously). Cook over moderately low heat, stirring, until caramel is dissolved. Remove pan from heat and add butter, stirring unt <END>
INPUT: Mexican, salad, carrots, lime juice, lime zest, cilantro leaves, vegetable oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Carrot Salad with Lime and Cilantro | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 4 medium carrots; 1 tablespoon fresh lime juice; 1/8 teaspoon finely grated fresh lime zest; 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh cilantro leaves; 1 teaspoon vegetable oil; Garnish: fresh cilantro sprigs | INSTRUCTIONS: Finely shred carrots and in a bowl toss together with remaining ingredients and salt and pepper to taste. Serve salad garnished with cilantro. Finely shred carrots and in a bowl toss together with remaining ingredients and salt and pepper to taste. Serve salad garnished with cilantro. <END>
INPUT: Asian, soup, sesame, butternut squash, canola oil, onions, ginger, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Orange Ginger Squash Soup with Sesame Crusted Crab Cake | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 3 large butternut squash, peeled, halved, seeded, cut into 2-inch cubes; 2 tablespoons canola oil; 3 medium onions, chopped; 4 tablespoons minced fresh ginger; 3 garlic cloves, sliced; 1 cup freshly squeezed orange juice; 2 quarts chicken stock plus water to cover; Salt and pepper, to taste; 1 orange, zested; 3 pounds lump crabmeat, picked over; 3 eggs, beaten; 3 tablespoons minced fresh ginger; 3 small scallions, finely chopped; 3 tablespoons dry sherry; 3 tablespoons freshly squeezed lemon juice | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. Soup: Arrange squash on a sheet pan and roast until beginning to brown, about 20 minutes. In a stockpot heat oil and saute onion, ginger and garlic until onions are translucent. Add roasted squash, orange juice, chicken stock and water to cover. Bring to a boil, reduce heat and simmer until squash is tender, about 20 minutes. Using an immersion blender, puree soup until smooth. Season with salt and pepper and stir in orange zest. Crabcakes: In a large bowl mix together the crab, eggs, ginger, scallions, sherry, lemon juice and mayonnaise, mix well. Taste and seas <END>
INPUT: Italian, pesto, garlic, Kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Arugula Pesto | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup (2 oz/60 g) walnut pieces; 1 garlic clove, minced; 2 cups (2 oz/60 g) packed arugula leaves; 1/2 cup (2 oz/60 g) freshly grated Parmesan cheese; Kosher salt; 1 cup (8 fl oz/250 ml) extra-virgin olive oil | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. In a food processor, combine the walnuts, garlic, arugula, Parmesan, and 1 tsp salt and pulse to blend. With the machine running, pour in the olive oil through the food tube in a slow, steady stream and process until smooth, stopping to scrape down the sides of the bowl as needed. Taste and adjust the seasonings. 1. In a food processor, combine the walnuts, garlic, arugula, Parmesan, and 1 tsp salt and pulse to blend. With the machine running, pour in the olive oil through the food tube in a slow, steady stream and process until smooth, stopping to scrape down the sides of the bowl as neede <END>
INPUT: kitschy, seviche, jicama, lump crab meat, lime juice, scallion greens, habanero jalapeno chili
OUTPUT: TITLE: Kitschy Crab Jicama "Seviche" on Cucumber | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 small jicama; 1/4 pound lump crab meat (about 3/4 cup), picked over and flaked; 2 tablespoons fresh lime juice; 2 tablespoons chopped scallion greens; 1/4 teaspoon finely chopped seeded habanero or jalapeno chili (wear rubber gloves), or to taste; 1 plum tomato, seeded and chopped (about 1/3 cup); 1 garlic clove, minced (about 1/2 teaspoon); 1 ripe California avocado (about 9 ounces); 1 seedless cucumber (about 1/2 pound) | INSTRUCTIONS: Peel jicama and cut in half. Finely chop half of jicama, or enough to measure 1/2 cup , and shred remaining half, or enough to measure 1/3 cup. Reserve any remaining for another use. In a small bowl stir together jicama, crab, 1 1/2 tablespoons lime juice, scallion, chili, tomato and 1/4 teaspoon garlic. Season seviche with salt and pepper. Halve avocado, reserving half for another use. In small bowl with a fork mash remaining avocado, remaining 1 1/2 teaspoons lime juice, and remaining 1/4 teaspoon garlic with salt to taste until smooth. Seviche and avocado mixtures may be made 4 hours ahead  <END>
INPUT: caviar, salmon carcasses, leeks, celery, onions, carrots
OUTPUT: TITLE: Salmon Consommé with Créme Fraîche and Salmon Caviar | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 5 to 5 1/2 lb of salmon carcasses (heads, bones, and tails); 4 large leeks (white and pale green parts only), halved lengthwise and sliced crosswise; 3 celery ribs, chopped; 2 onions, chopped; 2 carrots, chopped; 3 garlic cloves, chopped; 1 (1-inch) piece fresh ginger, sliced; 6 fresh parsley stems (without leaves); 1 fresh thyme sprig; 5 coriander seeds; 1 bay leaf (not California); 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1 (750-ml) bottle dry white wine; 3 1/2 qt cold water; 5 large egg whites, shells reserved | INSTRUCTIONS: Make consommé: Rinse salmon carcasses under cold water. Remove any blood spots and discard any gills (they look like the underside of a mushroom cap). Transfer salmon to a 10- to 12-quart pot. Wash leeks well in a bowl of cold water and lift from water to a colander to drain. Add leeks and remaining consomm ingredients except egg whites and eggshells to pot with salmon. Bring to a boil, covered, then reduce heat and simmer, uncovered, skimming any foam, 40 minutes. Pour stock through a sieve lined with a triple thickness of cheesecloth into a 6-quart saucepan. Boil until reduced to about 9 cup <END>
INPUT: waffles, sauce, all purpose flour, grind cornmeal, cornstarch, sugar, kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cornmeal Waffles with Currant-Maple Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 cup all-purpose flour; 1/4 cup medium-grind cornmeal, preferably stone-ground; 3 tablespoons cornstarch; 1 tablespoon sugar; 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt; 1/2 teaspoon baking powder; 1/4 teaspoon baking soda; 1 large egg; 1 cup buttermilk; 1/3 cup vegetable oil; 1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract; Nonstick vegetable oil spray; 6 ounces fresh black or red currants (about 1 1/2 cups); 1/4 cup pure maple syrup, preferably grade B, plus more for serving, if desired | INSTRUCTIONS: Whisk flour, cornmeal, cornstarch, sugar, salt, baking powder, and baking soda in a large bowl. Whisk egg, buttermilk, oil, and vanilla in a small bowl, then whisk into dry ingredients. Let sit 20 minutes (this helps hydrate and soften the cornmeal). Heat a Belgian waffle iron (or use a regular waffle iron and use less batter per batch; you may get more waffles depending on size of your iron) until very hot. Lightly coat with nonstick spray. Working in 2 batches, pour 1/2-cupful batter onto iron and cook until golden brown and cooked through, about 4 minutes. Meanwhile, bring currants and 1/4  <END>
INPUT: seafood, skewers, Twelve count shrimp, Twelve cubes sustainable, sea scallops, EVOO, Sea salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Seafood Skewers on a Bed of Chile-Garlic Spinach | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Twelve 12 to 16 count shrimp, deveined; Twelve 2-inch cubes sustainable firm white fish, such as halibut; 8 large sea scallops, tough muscle removed; 3 tablespoons EVOO, plus more for drizzling; Sea salt and freshly ground pepper; 4 cloves garlic, finely chopped; 1 chile pepper (cherry, long red or Fresno), seeded and finely chopped; 2 pounds spinach from the farmer's market (about 4 bunches), stemmed; Freshly grated nutmeg; 2 lemons, halved | INSTRUCTIONS: Position a rack in the upper third of the oven and heat the broiler. Thread the shrimp, fish and scallops onto 4 metal skewers, alternating them. Drizzle with EVOO to coat and sprinkle with a little sea salt and pepper. Broil, turning occasionally, until firm and opaque, 7 to 8 minutes. Meanwhile, heat 3 tablespoons EVOO in a large saucepot over medium heat. Add the garlic and chile pepper and cook, stirring, for 2 minutes. Add the spinach, a few handfuls at a time, and cook until wilted. Season with salt, pepper and a little nutmeg. Arrange the spinach on a serving platter. Top with the seafo <END>
INPUT: coffee, cake, blanched hazelnuts, bittersweet chocolate, cinnamon, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate-Cinnamon Coffee Cake | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup (1 stick) unsalted butter, room temperature, plus more for pan; 1/2 cup blanched hazelnuts, chopped; 2 ounces bittersweet chocolate, chopped; 3/4 teaspoons ground cinnamon; 1 cup sugar, divided; 2 cups all-purpose flour; 3/4 teaspoons baking powder; 1/2 teaspoons baking soda; 1/4 teaspoons kosher salt; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; 2 large eggs; 1 cup plain whole Greek yogurt | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350°F. Butter 8" square baking pan; set aside. Toss hazelnuts, chocolate, cinnamon, and 1/4 cup sugar in a bowl. Whisk flour, baking powder, baking soda, and salt in a medium bowl. Using an electric mixer on high speed, beat butter and remaining 3/4 cup sugar in a large bowl until light and fluffy, about 3 minutes. Beat in vanilla. Add eggs one at a time, beating to blend between additions and occasionally scraping down sides of bowl. With mixer on low speed, add dry ingredients in 3 additions, alternating with yogurt in 2 additions, beginning and ending with dry ingredients. P <END>
INPUT: cranberry, pork sausage meat, onions, celery
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sausage, Cranberry, and Pecan Stuffing | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 8 cups (1/2-inch) pieces firm white bread (3/4 pound); 1 1/2 pounds fresh pork sausage meat, crumbled; 1/2 stick (1/4 cup) unsalted butter; 2 onions, chopped; 3 celery ribs, sliced 1/4inch thick; 1 Granny Smith apple, peeled and cut into 1/2-inch pieces; 2 teaspoons minced garlic; 1 1/2 cups chopped pecans (8 ounces), toasted; 1 cup dried cranberries; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh sage; 1 to 1 1/2 cups chicken broth | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350°F. Toast bread in a large shallow baking pan in middle of oven until dry and pale golden, about 20 minutes. Cook sausage in a large heavy skillet over moderately high heat, stirring and breaking up large lumps, until no longer pink, about 5 minutes, then transfer with a slotted spoon to a large bowl. Add butter to fat remaining in skillet and cook onions, stirring, until softened, about 7 minutes. Add celery, apple, and garlic and cook, stirring, 2 minutes. Transfer to bowl with sausage and stir in bread, pecans, cranberries, sage, and salt and pepper to taste. Transfer stu <END>
INPUT: Mexican, tacos, coleslaw, cabbage, carrot, lime juice, rice vinegar, olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Beer and Lime Cauliflower Tacos with Cilantro Coleslaw | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 head of green cabbage (about 1/2 pound); 1 small carrot; 2 tablespoons lime juice; 2 tablespoons rice vinegar; 1 teaspoon olive oil; 1/8 teaspoon salt; 1/3 cup chopped cilantro; 1 head cauliflower (about 1 pound); 3/4 cup beer; 1/4 cup vegetable broth; 1 tablespoon lime juice; 11/2 teaspoons tamari or soy sauce; 11/2 tablespoons chipotle hot sauce; 1 to 2 garlic cloves, sliced; 11/2 teaspoons chili powder | INSTRUCTIONS: Make the slaw: Cut the cabbage into the thinnest strips you can and make sure those pieces are no longer than 2 inches. This is a great time to get good with your knife if you are looking for a silver fking lining in all that chopping. Chop the carrot into thin matchsticks of the same length. Got that st down now, right? In a small bowl, mix together the lime juice, vinegar, oil, and salt. Add the dressing right before you are going to eat and toss that s**t well. Fold in the cilantro just before serving. Cut the cabbage into the thinnest strips you can and make sure those pieces are no longer <END>
INPUT: Lawry's® Seasoned Salt, sugar, Lawry's® Garlic Powder, coarse pepper, chicken
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lawry's Beer Can Chicken | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons Lawry's® Seasoned Salt; 2 tablespoons packed brown sugar; 2 teaspoons Lawry's® Garlic Powder with Parsley; 2 teaspoons coarse ground black pepper; 1 whole chicken, about 5 pounds; 1 tablespoon olive oil; 1 can (12 ounces) beer | INSTRUCTIONS: 1.Preheat grill for indirect medium heat (325°F to 350°F). Mix seasoned salt, sugar, garlic powder and pepper in small bowl. Rub chicken with oil. Rub cavity with 1 tablespoon of the seasoning mixture. Sprinkle remaining seasoning mixture under skin over surface of chicken 2.Remove about ¼ cup beer and poke 2 holes in top of can. Hold chicken upright (legs pointing down) and insert opened beer can into cavity. Stand chicken in upright position in center of grill. Position legs to best support chicken (similar to a tripod). Close lid. 3.Grill chicken 1½ hours or until cooked through (internal t <END>
INPUT: soup, onion, STAR Virgin Olive, acorn butternut squash, Granny Smith apples, thyme leaves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Squash And Apple Soup | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 medium onion, chopped; 1/4 cup STAR Extra Virgin Olive Oil; 6 cups diced acorn or butternut squash, about 2 1/2 lb; 2 small Granny Smith apples, peeled, cored and diced; 1 tsp. dried thyme leaves; 1/8 tsp. ground red pepper, or more to taste; 4 cups chicken broth; 1 cup half and half; salt and pepper; 3/4 cup whipping cream, whipped; sliced green onion | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. In large pot, over medium-high heat, cook onion in olive oil until soft, about 3 minutes, stirring several times. Add squash, apples, thyme and red pepper. Cook, stirring frequently, until squash begins to turn golden around edges, about 5 minutes. Add broth and bring to boil. Reduce heat to low, cover and simmer for 1 hour, stirring several times. Turn off heat, uncover and allow soup to cool about 15 minutes. 2. Transfer about 1/3 of soup to blender and process until pureed. Repeat with remaining soup in two more batches. Return pureed mixture to pot and stir in half and half. Return to s <END>
INPUT: Asian, bing, refrigerated pizza dough, vegetable oil, sesame seeds, Kosher salt, coleslaw mix
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sesame Beef Bing | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound refrigerated pizza dough (fresh, not frozen); 3 tablespoons vegetable oil, plus more for greasing; 2 tablespoons sesame seeds; Kosher salt; 2 cups shredded coleslaw mix; 1 tablespoon rice wine vinegar; 1/4 to 1/2 teaspoon chili oil; 6 ounces deli-sliced roast beef; 1 tablespoon toasted sesame oil; 3 scallions, thinly sliced; 1/2 teaspoon grated peeled ginger; 1/2 cup fresh cilantro | INSTRUCTIONS: Microwave the pizza dough on 50 percent power to soften, 1 to 2 minutes, then let rest 5 minutes. Grease a large plate with vegetable oil; shape the dough into a 9-inch round and place on the plate. Sprinkle with 1 tablespoon sesame seeds and 1/4 teaspoon salt. Toss the coleslaw mix, vinegar, chili oil, and salt to taste in a bowl. In another bowl, toss the roast beef, sesame oil, scallions and ginger. Heat 3 tablespoons vegetable oil in a large nonstick skillet over medium-high heat. Add the dough seed-side down and sprinkle with the remaining 1 tablespoon sesame seeds. Cover and fry, shaking <END>
INPUT: Asian, burgers, teriyaki sauce, turkey chicken, ginger, panko bread crumbs
OUTPUT: TITLE: Teriyaki Pineapple Turkey Burgers | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1 can (20 oz.) DOLE® Pineapple Slices; 1/2 cup teriyaki sauce; 2 pounds ground turkey or chicken; 1 teaspoon grated fresh ginger; 1/2 cup panko bread crumbs; 8 whole grain hamburger buns; 8 slices Cheddar or Monterey Jack cheese | INSTRUCTIONS: Drain pineapple; reserve 1/2 cup juice. Reserve 2 pineapple slices for snack or other use. Stir together teriyaki sauce and reserved pineapple juice in small bowl. Mix together turkey, ginger, bread crumbs and 1/4 cup teriyaki mixture. Shape into 8 patties. Grill patties, brushing with remaining teriyaki mixture, until brown and cooked through. Place pineapple slices on grill and cook until lightly golden brown. Serve burgers on buns with cheese and pineapple. Tip: To make 4 servings, use 1 can (8 oz.) DOLE® Pineapple Slices and cut remaining ingredients in half. Per Serving: 134 calories, 1g  <END>
INPUT: Mexican, taco, unpasteurized jumbo lump, chives, limes, pepper, virgin olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Jumbo Lump Crab Taco, Pickled Chiles and Avocado | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 pint unpasteurized jumbo lump crabmeat, picked through for shells; 1/2 small bunch fresh chives, thinly sliced; 2 limes, zested and juiced; Freshly cracked black pepper; Extra-virgin olive oil; 3 to 4 pickled Fresno chiles, minced; Kosher salt; 2 cloves garlic, smashed and minced; Kosher salt; Freshly cracked black pepper; 1 lime, juiced; 1 avocado, halved, pitted and peeled; Extra-virgin olive oil; Blended oil, for frying; 12 wonton wrappers | INSTRUCTIONS: In a medium bowl, add the crab, chives, lime zest and juice, freshly cracked black pepper, to taste, a drizzle of extra-virgin olive oil, and pickled chiles. Carefully toss to combine and taste. Season with salt and extra-virgin olive oil, if needed. To a bowl, add the garlic, salt and black pepper, to taste, lime juice, avocado, and a little drizzle of extra-virgin olive oil. Lightly mash with a fork, leaving the guacamole a little chunky. Taste and season with more salt and pepper, if needed. Put a little blended oil into a medium pot over medium-high heat and heat to 350 degrees F. Using a  <END>
INPUT: all purpose flour, baking powder, fine sea salt, granulated sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Coconut Cake | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 pound (1 stick) unsalted butter, at room temperature, plus more for the cake pans; 2 cups all-purpose flour, plus more for the cake pans; 1 tablespoon baking powder; 1 teaspoon fine sea salt; 1 1/4 cups granulated sugar; 2 large eggs; 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract; 3/4 cup whole milk; 1/2 pound (2 sticks) unsalted butter, at room temperature; 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract; 1 pound confectioners' sugar, sifted; 7 tablespoons heavy cream; Two 14-ounce bags sweetened coconut | INSTRUCTIONS: For the cake: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Butter and flour two 9-inch cake pans; set aside. Whisk together the flour, baking powder and salt in a medium bowl; set aside. Cream the butter and sugar in the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment until pale yellow, about 3 minutes. Beat in the eggs, one at a time, beating well after each addition. Add the vanilla. Add the flour mixture in 3 equal additions, alternating with half of the milk, beating only until the batter is smooth after each addition. Spoon the batter into the prepared cake pans. Bake until a wooden pic <END>
INPUT: Mexican, nachos, homemade waffles, breakfast sausage, maple syrup, sharp Cheddar, eggs
OUTPUT: TITLE: Breakfast Nachos | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 8 homemade or thawed frozen waffles, cut into triangles (like tortilla chips); 1 pound breakfast sausage, crumbled and browned; 1 tablespoon maple syrup; 2 cups shredded sharp Cheddar; 6 eggs, cooked sunny-side up or over easy; 1 avocado, thinly sliced; 1/2 cup quartered cherry tomatoes; 3 scallions, white and light green parts only, thinly sliced; 1 jalapeno, thinly sliced; 1/4 cup chopped fresh cilantro; Hot sauce, for serving, optional; Sour cream, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Put the waffle triangles on a rimmed baking sheet and bake for 5 to 7 minutes to dry out a bit. Remove from the oven and turn on the broiler. Top the waffles with the sausage, drizzle with the maple syrup and cover with the cheese. Cook under the broiler until the cheese has melted completely, about 2 minutes. Top the nachos with the cooked eggs, avocado slices, tomatoes, scallions, jalapeno and cilantro. Serve with hot sauce if desired and garnish with sour cream. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, soup, seedless watermelon, kiwis, limes, sugar, Coarse gray salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Kiwi and Lime Soup with Sea Salt | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 seedless watermelon; 2 kiwis; 2 limes; 1/4 cup sugar; Coarse or gray salt, to taste | INSTRUCTIONS: Peel the watermelon and cut into slabs, like fillets. Using the most seedless portions, cut watermelon flesh into 1 1/2-inch cubes. Using a small melon baler or a demi-tasse spoon, hollow out a depression in the top to form a little cup. Peel and roughly cut up the kiwis. Place the pieces in a blender or food processor with the lime juice and the sugar. Puree then strain out the seeds. Add a few seeds back to show it is kiwi. Place watermelon cubes on a platter and fill the depression with the kiwi puree. Serve cold and lightly sprinkled with course salt, and eat with your fingers! <END>
INPUT: American, tart, all purpose flour, sugar, water
OUTPUT: TITLE: Raspberry Tart May | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/4 cups all-purpose flour; 1/4 cup sugar; 1/2 cup (1 stick) cold unsalted butter, cut into pieces; 2 to 3 tablespoons cold water; 1 (8-ounce) package cream cheese, softened; 1/2 cup sugar; 1 teaspoon vanilla; 1 large egg, beaten lightly; 1 tablespoon all-purpose flour; 1/4 cup seedless raspberry jam; 1 tablespoon water; 3 cups raspberries, picked over | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Make crust: In a food processor blend together flour, sugar, and butter until mixture resembles coarse meal. Add 2 tablespoons water and toss until incorporated. Add enough remaining water if necessary until mixture begins to come together but is still crumbly. Refrigerate dough, wrapped in plastic for 1 hour. Press crust evenly onto bottom and sides of an 11-inch tart pan with removable fluted rim. Prick the crust with a fork, line the dough with aluminum foil and weigh it down with pie weights or beans and bake in middle of oven until golden, about 30 minutes.  <END>
INPUT: American, wilted, greens, center bacon, onion, apple, Coarse kosher salt, tender kale
OUTPUT: TITLE: Bacon-Wilted Greens with Warm Pecan-Crusted Goat Cheese | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 center-cut bacon slices, cut into lardons; 1/2 red onion, thinly sliced; 1 apple, such as Gala, Granny Smith, or Honeycrisp, skin on, cored and diced; Coarse kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 8 cups tender kale, stemmed and cut into chiffonade; 1 tablespoon sherry vinegar; 3 tablespoons very finely chopped pecans; 1 (6-ounce) log goat cheese; 1 small apple, such as Gala, Granny Smith, or Honeycrisp, skin on with core, cut crosswise into 1/4-inch-thick slices | INSTRUCTIONS: Line a plate with paper towels. Line a rimmed baking sheet with a silicone mat and set aside. Heat a large nonstick skillet over medium-high heat. Add the bacon and cook until crisp, about 5 minutes. Remove with a slotted spoon to the prepared plate. Pour off all but a film of the grease on the bottom of the pan. (Just eyeball it instead of trying to measure, but it should be just about 1/2 teaspoon; discard the remaining grease.) To make the salad, return the skillet to low heat. Add the onion and the diced apple. Season with salt and pepper. Add the kale; cook until the kale begins to wilt,  <END>
INPUT: soup, garlic, virgin olive oil, leeks, onions, celery
OUTPUT: TITLE: Potato Soup with Caramelized Shallots | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 garlic heads; 8 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 2 cups chopped leeks; 2 cups chopped onions; 1/3 cup chopped celery; 4 teaspoons ground coriander; 3 1/4 pounds russet potatoes, peeled, cut into 3/4-inch pieces; 8 cups (or more) vegetable stock or chicken stock; 2 cups sliced shallots (about 10 large) | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350°F. Rub garlic heads with 1 tablespoon oil. Place in small baking dish; cover with foil. Bake until garlic is tender, about 1 hour. Cut tops off garlic; squeeze out roasted garlic and reserve. Heat 4 tablespoons oil in heavy large pot over medium-low heat. Add leeks, onions and celery; sauté until tender but not brown, about 20 minutes. Add coriander; stir 2 minutes. Add potatoes; stir 2 minutes. Add roasted garlic and 8 cups stock; bring to boil. Reduce heat; simmer until potatoes are very tender, about 20 minutes. Cool slightly. Working in batches, puree soup in blender. ( <END>
INPUT: Indian, chilled, soup, peaches, honey, orange juice, cardamom
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chilled Honey-Roasted Peach and Cardamom Soup with Vanilla Cream | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 3 large peaches (1 1/4 to 1 1/2 pounds), peeled, halved, pitted; 2 tablespoons (packed) golden brown sugar; 1 1/2 tablespoons honey; 1 1/2 cups fresh orange juice; 1/2 teaspoon ground cardamom; 1/4 teaspoon fleur de sel* or fine sea salt; 1 to 2 teaspoons fresh lemon juice; 1/4 cup crème fraîche or sour cream; 1 4-inch piece vanilla bean, split lengthwise; Fresh peach slices (optional) | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350°F. Line rimmed baking sheet with parchment paper. Toss peaches, sugar, and honey in large bowl. Place peaches, cut side down, on prepared baking sheet. Roast peaches 15 minutes; turn over and bake until tender and juices begin to caramelize, about 10 minutes longer. Scrape peaches and pan juices into food processor and cool; blend until smooth. Add orange juice, cardamom, and salt; blend until smooth. Transfer soup to medium bowl; season to taste with lemon juice. Cover and refrigerate until cold, at least 2 hours and up to 8 hours. Place crème fraîche in small bowl. Scrape <END>
INPUT: roulade, fine quality bittersweet, eggs, sugar, orange zest, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate Tangerine Roulade | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 ounces fine-quality bittersweet chocolate (not unsweetened); 5 large eggs, separated; 1/2 cup sugar; 1 tablespoon finely grated fresh orange zest; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 5 tangerines or 3 navel oranges; 1 cup heavy cream; 3 tablespoons orange liqueur such as Triple Sec; Dutch-process cocoa powder for dusting | INSTRUCTIONS: Make cake: Preheat oven to 400° F. Butter a 15- by 10 1/2-inch jelly-roll pan and line with wax paper or parchment paper. Butter and flour paper, knocking out excess flour. In a double boiler or a metal bowl set over a saucepan of barely simmering water melt chocolate, stirring until smooth, and remove double boiler or pan from heat. In a bowl with an electric mixer beat yolks, sugar, zest, and salt until thick, pale, and mixture forms a ribbon when beaters are lifted. Beat in melted chocolate until just combined. In another bowl with cleaned beaters beat whites until they just hold soft peaks <END>
INPUT: turnovers, sheet puff pastry, Flour, Sauteed mushrooms, sour pickle relish
OUTPUT: TITLE: Salmon Turnovers | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 sheet puff pastry; Flour, for dusting; 1 can boneless, skinless, salmon; 1/2 cup Sauteed mushrooms; 1 to 2 tablespoons sour pickle relish; 1 cup cooked white, brown or fried rice; 2 to 3 chopped scallions; 1 tablespoon parsley leaves, chopped; Salt and pepper; 1 egg beaten with 2 tablespoons water | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. Lightly flour the countertop. Roll puff pastry so there are no seams. Cut into 4 squares. In a bowl, combine salmon, mushrooms, pickle relish, rice, scallions, parsley, salt, and pepper. Place 1 tablespoon of filling in the center of each square. Brush inside edges of puff pastry with egg wash and fold over to make a triangle. Using a fork, seal the edges. Poke a slit or two in the top of each turnover. Brush tops with egg wash. Bake in oven for 30 minutes or until golden brown. <END>
INPUT: bakla, squares, butter, sugar, cinnamon, walnuts
OUTPUT: TITLE: Bakla-Squares and Ice Cream | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 (13 by 17-inch) sheets phyllo dough; 4 tablespoons melted butter; 1 cup sugar; 2 tablespoons cinnamon; 1/2 cup finely chopped walnuts; 1 pint vanilla bean ice cream; Honey, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. Spread a cookie sheet with parchment paper. Top with a layer of phyllo and brush or using a spritz bottle, spray with butter. Combine sugar and cinnamon and cover the sheet of pastry 1/3 cup sugar. Repeat with 2 more layers of pastry, then top with the finely chopped walnuts. Cut pastry into 3-inch squares with sharp paring knife. Cover the pastry with another sheet of parchment paper and another cookie sheet. Place pastry in hot oven and bake 15 minutes or until golden. Serve warm squares of pastry with ice cream and a drizzle of honey. <END>
INPUT: chicken, olive oil, onion, carrots, long grain rice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken with Carrots, Prunes and Rice | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 3 3/4- to 4-pound chicken, cut into 6 pieces; 3 tablespoons olive oil; 1 large onion, chopped; 1 pound large carrots, coarsely grated; 2 cups long-grain white rice; 12 ounces pitted prunes; Paprika; 6 cups boiling chicken stock or canned low-salt broth | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350°F. Season chicken with salt and pepper. Heat olive oil in heavy large Dutch oven over medium-high heat. Working in batches, add chicken to pot and sauté until brown, about 8 minutes per batch. Transfer chicken to bowl. Add onion to pot and sauté until golden, about 5 minutes. Remove pot from heat. Spread 1/3 of carrots over onion, then 1/3 of rice and 1/3 of prunes. Arrange half of chicken atop prunes. Season with paprika, salt and pepper. Repeat layering with 1/3 each of carrots, rice and prunes. Top with remaining chicken; season with paprika, salt and pepper. Layer remai <END>
INPUT: Mexican, chili, wooden skewers, cilantro, garlic, low sodium soy, orange zest
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chili-Beef Skewers | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 8 wooden skewers; 1/2 cup fresh cilantro; 4 cloves garlic, thinly sliced; 3 tbsp low-sodium soy sauce; 1 tsp grated orange zest; 1 tsp sriracha; 1 tsp fish sauce; 1 tsp brown sugar; 1 lb lean beef sirloin, cut into 1/8-inch strips; 1 each red, green and yellow bell peppers, cored, seeded and cut into 2 1/2-inch pieces (optional); Vegetable oil cooking spray; 1/2 cup lowfat mayonnaise; 2 tbsp chopped fresh basil; 1 tbsp fresh lime juice; 1 tsp fish sauce | INSTRUCTIONS: Soak skewers for 30 minutes. Puree cilantro, garlic, soy sauce, orange zest, sriracha, fish sauce and sugar in a food processor. Transfer marinade to a resealable plastic bag; add beef. Seal bag, toss and set aside up to 30 minutes. Combine dipping sauce ingredients in a bowl. Thread 4 pieces of pepper and 2 beef strips on each skewer, alternating beef and peppers. Coat grill rack with cooking spray; heat grill to high; cook until meat is no longer pink, about 3 minutes. Soak skewers for 30 minutes. Puree cilantro, garlic, soy sauce, orange zest, sriracha, fish sauce and sugar in a food proces <END>
INPUT: Italian, gnudi, cow's milk ricotta, spinach, Parmesan, all purpose flour, panko breadcrumbs
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spinach and Ricotta Gnudi | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound cow's milk ricotta, drained in a strainer for at least 2 hours; 1/4 cup spinach, sauteed and finely chopped; 1/2 cup grated Parmesan, plus more for serving; 4 tablespoons all-purpose flour; 3 tablespoons panko breadcrumbs; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/4 teaspoon pepper; Pinch grated nutmeg; 2 egg yolks; Olive oil, for coating; 4 tablespoons melted butter, for re-heating; Olive oil; 3 shallots, julienned; 3 ounces fresh porcini mushrooms, sliced; 1 ounce dried porcini mushrooms, hydrated, then squeezed dry, liquid reserved | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. For the gnudi: Mix the ricotta, spinach, Parmesan, flour, breadcrumbs, salt, pepper, nutmeg and eggs together. Make 2 small balls and test cook by placing them in boiling water until they float, then shock in iced water. Taste. If they are too soft and don't hold together, add more flour or breadcrumbs and test again. Portion all of the gnudi and roll into balls. Cook in boiling water until they float, about 2 minutes, and shock in iced water. Coat in olive oil and reserve until ready to serve. For the porcini puree: To caramelize the shallots, heat a large saute <END>
INPUT: wilted, escarole, unsalted butter, virgin olive oil, pepper flakes, kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Wilted Escarole | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 large or 2 small heads escarole, trimmed, washed, and dried (about 12 cups); 1 tablespoon unsalted butter; 1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil; Pinch red pepper flakes; 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Remove the tough outer leaves of the escarole and twist from the core, discard. Wash in a deep bowl filled with very cold water and swish around until all the dirt has rested on the bottom of the bowl. Lift the leaves from the bowl and spin dry in small batches in a salad spinner. Heat the butter, oil, and pepper flakes in a skillet over medium-high heat. Add half the escarole and stir until just wilted. Add the remaining escarole and cook until softened but still has a little crunch. Season with the salt and serve. Copyright (c) 2004 Television Food Network, G.P., All Rights Reserved. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, meatballs, sauce, turkey breast, turkey dark meat, cilantro, onion, parsley
OUTPUT: TITLE: Turkey and Corn Meatballs with Roasted Pepper Sauce | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1/3 pound ground turkey breast; 1/3 pound ground turkey dark meat; 1 tablespoon fresh cilantro, chopped; 1 tablespoon thinly sliced green onion; 1 tablespoon fresh parsley, chopped; 1/3 teaspoon cumin; 1 slice sourdough bread, diced and dried out overnight; 1 large egg, whisked; 4 tablespoons corn kernels; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 tablespoon grapeseed oil; 1 roasted red bell pepper, chopped; 1 clove garlic minced; 2 tablespoons fresh cilantro, chopped; 1/3 teaspoon apple cider vinegar | INSTRUCTIONS: For the turkey and corn meatballs: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Combine the turkey breast, dark meat, cilantro, green onions, parsley, cumin, bread, egg, corn and salt and pepper to taste in a large bowl until well mixed. Form into 3 balls. Heat the grapeseed oil in a skillet over medium heat. Sear the meatballs until browned all over, 3 to 5 minutes. Transfer to the oven and cook to an internal temperature of 165 degrees F, about 12 minutes. For the roasted pepper sauce: In a skillet over medium heat, saute the roasted peppers, garlic, cilantro, vinegar and salt and pepper to taste in t <END>
INPUT: American, perfectly, eye New York, canola virgin olive, Kosher salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Perfectly Grilled Steak | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 4 1 1/4-to-1 1/2-inch-thick boneless rib-eye or New York strip steaks (about 12 ounces each) or filets mignons (8 to 10 ounces each), trimmed; 2 tablespoons canola or extra-virgin olive oil; Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: About 20 minutes before grilling, remove the steaks from the refrigerator and let sit, covered, at room temperature. Heat your grill to high. Brush the steaks on both sides with oil and season liberally with salt and pepper. Place the steaks on the grill and cook until golden brown and slightly charred, 4 to 5 minutes. Turn the steaks over and continue to grill 3 to 5 minutes for medium-rare (an internal temperature of 135 degrees F), 5 to 7 minutes for medium (140 degrees F) or 8 to 10 minutes for medium-well (150 degrees F). Transfer the steaks to a cutting board or platter, tent loosely wit <END>
INPUT: American, stuffing mushrooms, virgin olive oil, bacon, shallot, thyme leaves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Bacon-Blue Cheese Stuffed Mushrooms | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 12 large stuffing mushrooms, about 2 1/2-inches in diameter (about 1 pound); 1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil; 4 slices bacon (4 ounces); 1 shallot, halved and thinly sliced (1/2 cup); 1 teaspoon chopped fresh thyme leaves; Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper; 2 cups packed baby spinach, chopped (2 ounces); 2 slices toasted white sandwich bread, finely cubed; 1/4 teaspoon freshly grated lemon zest; 2 ounces mild creamy blue cheese, cut into 12 strips (such as Saga) | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Remove the stems from the mushrooms and set aside. Place the caps, stem-side down on a baking sheet and brush the outsides with the oil. Bake until soft, but still holding their shape, 15 minutes. 2. Meanwhile, crisp the bacon in a medium skillet over medium heat. Transfer bacon to a paper towel-lined plate and reserve the skillet and drippings. Finely chop reserved mushroom stems and add to the bacon drippings along with the shallot and thyme. Season with salt and pepper and cook, stirring, until mushrooms are dry, about 5 minutes. Add spinach and continu <END>
INPUT: Asian, stew, olive oil, onions, assorted wild mushrooms, wine, thyme
OUTPUT: TITLE: Wild-Mushroom and Potato Stew | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons olive oil; 2 medium onions, coarsely chopped; 1 pound assorted wild mushrooms (such as crimini and stemmed shiitake), coarsely chopped; 1/2 cup dry white wine; 1 teaspoon dried thyme; 2 1/2 cups vegetable broth; 1 3/4 pounds white-skinned potatoes, peeled, cut into 3/4-inch cubes; 2 large carrots, peeled, cut into 1/2-inch-thick rounds; 1/4 cup soy sauce; 1 large head of bok choy, cut crosswise into 1/2-inch-wide slices | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat oil in heavy large pot over medium-high heat. Add onions; sauté until golden, about 8 minutes. Add mushrooms; sauté until tender, about 8 minutes. Add wine and thyme; boil until liquid is reduced by half, about 1 minute. Add next 4 ingredients; cover and simmer gently until vegetables are tender, about 25 minutes. Stir in bok choy; simmer uncovered until tender, about 8 minutes. Using slotted spoon, transfer 3/4 cup potato pieces to small bowl; mash with fork. Return mashed potatoes to pot; simmer until juices thicken, about 5 minutes. Season with salt and pepper; serve. Heat oil in heavy <END>
INPUT: biscuits, all purpose flour, baking soda, baking powder, salt, butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken a la King with Buttermilk Biscuits | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups all-purpose flour; 1/4 teaspoon baking soda; 1 tablespoon baking powder; 1 teaspoon salt; 6 tablespoons butter, chilled; 3/4 cup buttermilk; 1 1/2 pounds boneless, skinless chicken breasts, cubed; 4 cups water, plus more as needed; 6 tablespoons margarine or butter, melted; 3 stalks celery, chopped; 3 carrots, peeled and chopped; 1/2 onion, chopped; 1/2 green pepper, chopped; 1 teaspoon poultry seasoning; 1/2 teaspoon black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the oven 450 degrees F. Add the dry ingredients to a large bowl and stir to combine. Cut the cold butter into chunks and cut it into the flour until the dough resembles coarse crumbs. Pour in the buttermilk and mix until combined. Chef's Note: If the dough appears dry, add more buttermilk. Turn the dough onto a floured board and gently roll it out until it's about 1/2-inch thick. Using a round cutter, cut the dough into 12 biscuits and arrange them on a cookie sheet. Chef's Note: If you would like them to have soft sides, have the disks touching each othe <END>
INPUT: Mexican, dressing, bell pepper, chili Anaheim poblano, jalapeño chili, garlic, lime zest
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chili Pepper Dressing | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 large red bell pepper; 1 fresh green chili such as Anaheim or poblano; 1 fresh jalapeño chili; 1 large garlic clove; 3/4 teaspoon freshly grated lime zest; 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh coriander; 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh oregano leaves; 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 2 tablespoons fresh lime juice; 1/2 cup olive oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Roast and peel bell pepper and Anaheim or poblano chili. Finely chop roasted pepper and chili. Wearing rubber gloves, seed and mince jalapeño chili. Mince garlic. In a bowl whisk together all ingredients with salt and pepper to taste. Makes about 1 1/4 cups. Roast and peel bell pepper and Anaheim or poblano chili. Finely chop roasted pepper and chili. Wearing rubber gloves, seed and mince jalapeño chili. Mince garlic. In a bowl whisk together all ingredients with salt and pepper to taste. Makes about 1 1/4 cups. <END>
INPUT: Italian, pesto, white, pine nuts, torn curly kale, basil leaves, garlic, virgin olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Kale Pesto and White Bean Dip | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup pine nuts; 2 cups torn curly kale leaves; 1/2 cup packed basil leaves, plus a small sprig for serving; 1 small garlic clove, minced; 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 1/4 cup nutritional yeast; 1 teaspoon kosher salt; One 15-ounce can low-sodium cannellini beans, drained and rinsed well; Serving suggestions: Dippers such as whole wheat sliced baguette, sliced carrots, radishes and/or cucumbers sticks | INSTRUCTIONS: Put the pine nuts in to a small skillet and place over medium heat. Cook, stirring often, until the nuts are toasted and fragrant, about 5 minutes. Remove from the heat and cool completely. Reserve 1 teaspoon of the nuts for garnish and place the rest in a food processor. Add the kale, basil and garlic to the food processor and pulse until finely chopped. Add the olive oil, lemon juice, nutritional yeast and salt and blend until well combined. Add the cannellini beans and blend until smooth, scraping down the sides of the bowl as needed. Transfer the dip to a small serving bowl and garnish wit <END>
INPUT: Italian, ravioli, semolina flour, sea salt, dozen eggs, Water
OUTPUT: TITLE: Butter Poached Lobster Ravioli | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 2 pounds semolina flour; Pinch sea salt; 1 dozen eggs; Water, as needed; 2 (2-pound) lobsters; 1/2-ounce clarified butter (substitute oil if needed); 6 ounces celery, coarsely chopped; 6 ounces carrots, coarsely chopped; 12 ounces yellow onion, coarsely chopped; 8 cups water plus 1 tablespoon water; 9 ounces unsalted butter; 1 cup white wine; Sea salt and freshly ground black pepper; Lobster stock (from above); 1/2 bottle bourbon (approximately 1 1/2 cups) | INSTRUCTIONS: For the Pasta Dough: Put the first 2 ingredients into a mixing bowl and mix briefly. Make a well in the flour and add eggs into it. Mix the eggs into the flour and knead the mixture with your hands until smooth. Add water only as needed to reach desired consistency. Avoid adding more than necessary. Flatten dough slightly and cover with plastic. Chill dough in the refrigerator for about 1 hour. For the Lobster Filling: Drop the lobsters in boiling water for no more than 45 seconds to a minute. Separate the tail, body, and claws. Split the tail and remove the meat. Crack the claws and knuckles  <END>
INPUT: herb, olive oil, Italian sausage, celery, onion, wine
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sausage and Herb Stuffed Clams | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon olive oil; 8 ounces Italian sausage; 1/6 cup small-diced celery; 1/6 cup small-diced red onion; 1/4 cup white wine; Juice of 1 lemon; 24 small clams, raw and diced, shells reserved; 1/4 cup breadcrumbs; 1 tablespoon minced fresh parsley; 1 stick unsalted butter, at room temperature; 1 tablespoon hot sauce | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. In a saute pan over high heat, add the oil and allow to heat. Then add the sausage and cook for 2 minutes, stirring throughout the process. Next, add the celery and onions, again cooking for 2 minutes. Then deglaze the pan with the wine. Next, add the lemon juice, then the clams, breadcrumbs and parsley. Cook for 2 minutes, and then remove from the heat. Next, stuff the clam shells loosely with the prepared stuffing. Place in the oven and cook for 8 to 10 minutes. During cooking, prepare the sauce. In a bowl, whisk together the butter and hot sauce, mixing we <END>
INPUT: Asian, hearty, soup, scallions, piece ginger, garlic, sesame oil, water
OUTPUT: TITLE: Hearty Shiitake Mushroom and Miso Soup | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1 bunch scallions, sliced thin, white and green parts separated; One 1-inch piece fresh ginger, chopped; 3 cloves garlic, chopped; 2 tablespoons toasted sesame oil; 8 cups water; Three 6-inch pieces dried kelp (kombu); 1/4 cup bonito flakes; 3 ounces dried shiitake mushrooms; 1/2 cup light miso; 1 pound baby bok choy, cut in quarters; 8 ounces firm tofu, cut into cubes | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large soup pot over medium heat add the scallion white parts, ginger, garlic, and sesame oil. Cook for 1 minute and add 8 cups water. Rinse the kombu and add it to the pot along with the bonito flakes. Bring it to a simmer and cook for 10 minutes - do not let it boil. Remove the kombu and set it aside. Add the dried mushrooms and miso to the pot and let it simmer gently for 10 to 15 minutes, or until the mushrooms are hydrated and tender. Add the bok choy and simmer until it is tender, about 10 minutes. Add the tofu and cook for another 5 minutes. Ladle into bowls and garnish with the res <END>
INPUT: glaze, salt, orange juice, olive oil, light sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Chicken with a Papaya Glaze | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 (3 1/2 pound) chicken, preferably free range; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1 cup orange juice; 1/4 cup olive oil; 1/4 cup light brown sugar, packed; 2 shallots, halved; 1 bay leaf; 1/2 cup water; 1 tablespoon Dijonstyle mustard; 2 cloves garlic, sliced; 1 ripe papaya, halved, peeled and seeded, 1 half thinly sliced and reserved for garnish; 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh thyme; 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 1 bunch flat leaf parsley, coarse stems removed; 1 bunch watercress, coarse stems removed | INSTRUCTIONS: Rinse and pat the chicken dry with paper towels. Rub it with the salt and place it in a baking dish just large enough to hold it. In a blender or a food processor, combine the orange juice, olive oil, brown sugar, and shallots. Process until the shallots are finely minced. Pour the orange juice mixture over the chicken, crumble the bay leaf over the top, and cover the whole dish tightly with plastic wrap. Marinate in the refrigerator for at least 3 hours, preferably overnight, spooning the marinade over the chicken occasionally. Preheat the oven to 375 degrees. Transfer the chicken to a rack i <END>
INPUT: spring, succotash, Yukon gold potato, virgin olive oil, loosely flat leaf, loosely thyme leaves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Rack of Lamb with Spring Succotash and Wilted Spinach | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 medium Yukon gold potato, peeled and cut into 1/2-inch chunks; 3/4 cups extra-virgin olive oil; 24 cloves (about 2 heads) garlic, peeled and smashed with back of knife; 2 cups loosely packed fresh flat-leaf parsley leaves, chopped (from 1 bunch); 1/4 cup loosely packed fresh thyme leaves, chopped (from 1/2 bunch); 4 (1- to 1 1/2-pound) racks of lamb, trimmed of all but a 1/4-inch layer fat and frenched (each rack should have 8 ribs)*; 2 tablespoons sea salt; 1 tablespoon freshly ground black pepper; 2 tablespoons canola oil; 1 cup raw corn kernels (cut from 2 cobs); 1 celery stalk, minced; 1 garlic clove, minced; 1/4 cup loosely packed fresh flat-leaf parsley leaves (from 8 sprigs); 1/2 cup fresh black-eyed peas**; 1/2 cup dry white wine | INSTRUCTIONS: Prep potatoes: Bring medium saucepan water to boil. Reduce heat to moderate, add potato chunks and simmer, uncovered, until tender but not falling apart, 8 to 10 minutes. Drain potatoes and let cool to room temperature. Bring medium saucepan water to boil. Reduce heat to moderate, add potato chunks and simmer, uncovered, until tender but not falling apart, 8 to 10 minutes. Drain potatoes and let cool to room temperature. Marinate lamb: In large sealable plastic bag, combine olive oil, garlic, parsley, and thyme. Add racks of lamb and seal bag, pressing out air. Turn bag to coat lamb, then tran <END>
INPUT: olive oil, mako shark steaks, Salt pepper, garlic, shallot
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pan seared Mako Shark with Caramelized Yams and a Fava Bean and Tomato Ragout | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 tablespoons olive oil; 4 mako shark steaks; Salt and pepper; 1 clove garlic, chopped; 1 shallot, chopped; 1 cup white wine; 1 cup chopped parsley leaves; Caramelized Yams and Apples, recipe follows; Fava Bean and Tomato Ragout, recipe follows; 1 medium-size yam; 1 medium-size apple (recommended: Braeburn); 2 tablespoons butter; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1 pound fava beans, shucked; 1 pound cherry tomatoes | INSTRUCTIONS: In a medium sized saute pan, heat 4 tablespoons of olive oil. Season each shark steak with salt and pepper and then pan sear the steaks in olive oil over medium heat. Once the shark is lightly browned on 1 side, turn the steaks and sear the other side. Remove the shark from the pan and set aside. In the same pan, add garlic and shallots to toast. Deglaze the pan with white wine and add parsley. Reduce the sauce by 1/2. To serve, place the shark steak on a plate. Put the caramelized yams and apples on top of the shark steak, then spoon the fava bean and tomato ragout over everything. Thinly sli <END>
INPUT: Asian, burgers, beef, packet beefy onion, ginger teriyaki marinade, Salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pineapple Teriyaki Burgers | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 pounds lean ground beef; 1 packet beefy onion soup mix (recommended: Lipton); 2 tablespoons ginger teriyaki marinade mix (recommended: McCormick Grill Mates); 1 (8-ounce) can pineapple rings, drained, juice reserved; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1/3 cup mayonnaise; 1 tablespoon wasabi paste; 1 tablespoon soy sauce; 4 whole-grain burger buns; Lettuce, tomato, onion, for serving | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Set up grill for direct cooking over high heat. Oil grate when ready to start cooking. In a mixing bowl, stir to combine ground beef, soup mix, teriyaki marinade mix, and 1/4 cup reserved pineapple juice. Form 4 patties slightly larger than bun. Gently press pineapple rings into tops of burgers. Season burgers with salt and pepper and place on grill pineapple side down. Cook 8 minutes per side for medium. Mix together mayonnaise, wasabi, and soy sauce. Serve hot on toasted buns with lettuce, tomato, onions, and wasabi mayonnaise. INDOORS: Follow instructions for  <END>
INPUT: waffled, cookies, all purpose flour, baking soda, fine salt, light sugar, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Waffled Chocolate Chip Cookies | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/4 cups all-purpose flour; 1/2 teaspoon baking soda; 1/2 teaspoon fine salt; 1/3 cup packed light brown sugar; 1/3 cup sugar; 1 stick unsalted butter, room temperature; 1/2 teaspoon pure vanilla extract; 1 large egg; 1/2 cup semisweet chocolate chips; Nonstick cooking spray; Special equipment: waffle iron (preferably Belgian style) | INSTRUCTIONS: Whisk together the flour, baking soda and salt in a medium bowl. Beat the sugars and butter with an electric mixer on medium-high speed until light and fluffy, about 5 minutes. Beat in the vanilla and egg until incorporated. Adjust the speed to medium-low and add the flour in 2 batches, mixing until incorporated. Mix in the chocolate chips. Refrigerate the dough for at least 30 minutes. Preheat a waffle iron to medium-low. Generously spray the top and bottom of the waffle iron with cooking spray. Scoop tablespoons of the dough, roll into balls and flatten slightly. Working in batches, place 1  <END>
INPUT: panna, cotta, milk, sugar, corn, heavy whipping cream, coarse kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Corn Panna Cotta with Dulce de Leche | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup whole milk; 1/3 cup sugar; 2 ears of fresh corn, kernels cut off and reserved, cobs cut into 4 pieces each; 2 cups plus 3 tablespoons heavy whipping cream; 1/4 teaspoon coarse kosher salt; 3 tablespoons water; 2 1/4 teaspoons unflavored gelatin; 1/4 cup purchased dulce de leche or caramel sauce; Special equipment: 6 3/4-cup ramekins or custard cups | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring milk and sugar to simmer in medium saucepan over medium heat. Add corn kernels. Simmer until corn is tender, about 5 minutes. Strain milk into large saucepan; add 2 cups cream, coarse salt, and corn cobs. Bring to simmer. Cover; remove from heat. Steep 30 minutes. Transfer corn to small bowl. Cover; chill. Meanwhile, place 3 tablespoons water in small cup. Sprinkle gelatin over. Let stand until gelatin softens, at least 15 minutes. Remove cobs from cream mixture; discard cobs. Bring cream mixture to simmer. Remove from heat. Add softened gelatin; stir to dissolve. Divide cream mixture am <END>
INPUT: hash, bliss potatoes, Kosher salt pepper, rosemary leaves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Bacon-Rosemary-Red Bliss Hash | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 1/2 pounds red bliss potatoes; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 (8-ounce) package bacon, finely chopped; 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh rosemary leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: Put potatoes in a large pot and cover with water by at least 3 inches. Add salt and bring to a boil over high heat. Reduce heat and simmer potatoes until fork tender, about 25 minutes. Drain potatoes and return to pot to cool slightly. Roughly smash potatoes in pot with a masher or a large fork. Heat a large nonstick skillet over high heat. Add the bacon and cook until bacon is crispy and has given up most of its fat. Lower the heat to medium-high, add the rosemary and season with salt and pepper. Make sure bacon and rosemary are evenly distributed in the pan then add the potatoes. Pat down wi <END>
INPUT: milk, Enriched Chocolate Sauce, Rum taste, Whipped cream, bittersweet chocolate shavings
OUTPUT: TITLE: Hot Chocolate | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 cups whole milk*; Enriched Chocolate Sauce, recipe follows; Rum to taste, optional; Whipped cream, optional; 4 ounces bittersweet chocolate shavings or small pieces; 1/2 cup heavy cream; 2 tablespoons sugar; 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1 tablespoon unsalted butter; 4 ounces semisweet chocolate; 2 teaspoons dark rum; 1/8 teaspoon grated orange zest | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat the milk (or a mixture of cream and milk for a richer result) until it simmers and whisk it into the chocolate. Pour into individual cups and serve with rum or whipped cream, if using. Top with chocolate shavings. In a medium saucepan over low heat, bring the cream, sugar, cinnamon and butter to a rolling boil. Remove from the heat, add the chocolate and stir until the chocolate melts. Add the rum and stir in the orange zest before serving. <END>
INPUT: Italian, salad, shallot shallot, virgin olive oil, asparagus, endive, bell pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Asparagus Pasta Salad | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 small shallot or 1/2 large shallot, finely chopped; 1/3 cup extra-virgin olive oil, eyeball it; 1 pound asparagus, thin spears; 2 endive, cored and thinly sliced; 1/2 small red bell pepper, chopped; 1/2 pound bow tie pasta, farfalle, cooked to al dente and cooled; 1/2 cup frozen green peas; 1/4 cup chopped fla- leaf parsley, a couple of handfuls; 3 tablespoons white wine vinegar; Salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat shallot and oil in microwave safe covered dish for 30 seconds or in a small pan on the stovetop over medium low heat for 5 minutes. Allow oil to cool back to room temperature. Hold a spear of asparagus at each end and snap it. The spear breaks where the tender tops meet the tough bottoms. Line the broken spear up with the bundle of cleaned asparagus. Cut the spears using the guideline of the snapped spear. Par boil the asparagus tops in 1 inch simmering water covered for 3 to 5 minutes. Cool under cold running water and drain. Cut asparagus into 1-inch pieces on an angle and add to a bowl <END>
INPUT: Italian, sauce, unpeeled garlic, scallions, tomatoes, virgin olive oil, Kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pasta with Grilled Tomato and Scallion Sauce | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 3 unpeeled garlic cloves; 5 scallions; 1 1/2 pounds medium to large tomatoes, halved; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, plus more, for brushing; Kosher salt; Freshly ground black pepper; 4 ounces fresh mozzarella, cut into 1/2-inch cubes; 10 ounces penne or other short pasta | INSTRUCTIONS: Light a grill and preheat for at least 10 minutes or preheat a grill pan. Oil the grates. Meanwhile, soak 1 bamboo skewer for 10 minutes. Thread the garlic on the skewer. Brush the scallions and the cut sides of the tomatoes with olive oil and season with salt and pepper. Grill the garlic and scallions over high heat, turning frequently, until blistered in spots and softened, about 2 minutes. Grill the tomatoes cut side down until nicely charred, about 2 minutes. Flip and grill until the skin starts to shrink, about 1 minute. Peel the garlic and finely chop, then transfer to a large bowl. Thin <END>
INPUT: sabayon, lobsters, butter, Salt pepper, size carrots, tomatoes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lobster in Calvados Sabayon | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 lobsters; 4 ounces butter, plus 4 ounces; Salt and pepper; 2 medium size carrots, diced; 8 tomatoes, sliced in quarters; 6 tablespoons tomato paste; 3 tablespoons flour; 1 cup finely chopped shallots; 16 ounces Calvados; 3 cups heavy cream; 1 lemon, juiced; 1 teaspoon cayenne pepper; 2 tablespoons finely chopped parsley | INSTRUCTIONS: Split the lobsters lengthwise using a large chef's knife. Pour the liquid into a small bowl, and remove the liver and set aside. Discard the stomach (the small sac behind the eyes). Remove the claws and the legs and set aside. Slice down through the tail meat and the shell at the point of the natural hinges. Slice the body into pieces of the same approximate size. Melt 4 ounces of the butter in a large heavy saucepan. When the butter starts to turn the color of a hazelnut, add the lobster pieces and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Add the carrots, tomatoes and tomato paste, and cook over high h <END>
INPUT: sauce, bananas, unsalted butter, firmly sugar, good quality chocolate, cinnamon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Bananas with Vanilla Ice Cream and Hot Chocolate Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 firm-ripe bananas; 1/4 stick unsalted butter, melted and cooled; 3 tablespoons firmly packed brown sugar; 1/4 pound good quality chocolate, chopped; 1/2 teaspoon cinnamon; 1/3 cup half-and-half; Good quality store bought vanilla ice cream | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat grill pan. Peel bananas and halve lengthwise. In a shallow baking pan large enough to hold bananas in one layer stir together butter and brown sugar and add bananas, tossing gently to coat. Transfer bananas with a metal spatula to an oiled grill pan and grill until browned and cooked through, about 2 minutes on each side. ( If bananas are difficult to handle you may grill them on 1 side only.) In a heavy saucepan chopped chocolate, cinnamon and half and half over low heat, stirring frequently, until chocolate is melted. Serve bananas like a banana split with ice cream and chocolate sau <END>
INPUT: Italian, vegetables, walleye fillets, flour, olive oil, butter, baby shoepeg corn
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spicy Walleye with Vegetables and Basil Cream | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 6 walleye fillets; 1 1/2 cups flour, seasoned with salt, pepper, and cayenne pepper, as spicy as you like; 1/3 cup olive oil; 3 tablespoons butter; 1 bag frozen baby shoepeg corn; 1 yellow bell pepper, chopped; 1 green bell pepper, chopped; 1 orange bell pepper, chopped; 1 medium onion, chopped; 1/2 cup whipping cream; 1 tablespoon finely chopped basil, or basil pesto, drained | INSTRUCTIONS: Coat fish fillets with seasoned flour. In a large frying pan, heat oil over medium-high heat. Add fish and fry on both sides until crispy and brown. (You will probably have to fry fish in 2 batches.) Remove to a paper towel-lined plate to drain. In the same pan, melt butter. Add vegetables and saute over medium heat for about 15 minutes or until fork-tender. Meanwhile, heat whipping cream and basil in a small saute pan until thickened. To serve, place vegetables on plate, top with fish, and drizzle with basil cream. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, infused, serrano chile pepper, pineapple, tarragon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Infused Tequila | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 serrano chile pepper, stemmed and seeded; 1 pineapple, peeled, cored and cut into 1-inch piece; 1 large sprig tarragon; 1 (750 ml) bottle Cuervo Tradicional Tequila | INSTRUCTIONS: Mix all ingredients in a freezer safe container and shake well. Place container in a cool, dark place for 48 to 60 hours then strain the tequila and freeze it for an additional 12 hours. Serve in shot glass or any other glass you like.; <END>
INPUT: Asian, Coconut Curry, homemade fish stock, coconut milk, cream coconut, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Seared Tuna with Coconut Sauce | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: Coconut Curry Sauce:; 1 cup homemade fish stock or bottled clam juice; 1 cup canned coconut milk; 1/2 cup canned cream of coconut; 2 garlic cloves, crushed; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh ginger; 1/2 cup minced scallions; 2 tablespoons chopped lemon grass (optional); 2 tablespoons curry powder; 2 tablespoons light soy sauce; 1/2 teaspoon dried red pepper flakes; 4 (8-ounce) tuna steaks; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1 teaspoon coarsely ground black pepper; 2 tablespoons olive oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine all sauce ingredients in a medium-size saucepan and bring to a boil over medium heat. Reduce the heat and simmer for 15 minutes, stirring occasionally. Remove the pan from the heat and strain the sauce through a sieve, pressing as much of the sauce through as possible. Return the sauce to a clean saucepan and keep it warm. Rinse the tuna steaks and pat them dry with paper towels. Rub them with the salt and coarse pepper. Heat the oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat, and sear the steaks for 3 to 4 minutes on each side (or to taste). Spoon a pool of Coconut Curry Sauce onto each <END>
INPUT: American, crostata, all purpose flour, sugar, salt, egg yolk
OUTPUT: TITLE: Apple Crostata with Cheddar Cheese | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup all purpose flour; 1 teaspoon sugar; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 1/2 cup (1 stick) chilled unsalted butter, cut into 1/2-inch pieces; 1 large egg yolk; 1 tablespoon (or more) ice water; 1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract; 1/4 cup sugar; 1/4 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1/4 teaspoon ground ginger; 1 1/2 pounds Fuji apples (about 3 large), peeled, quartered, cored, cut into 1/4 inch-thick slices; 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, cut into small pieces; 8 ounces sharp cheddar cheese, cut into 8 wedges | INSTRUCTIONS: For crust: Mix flour, sugar, and salt in processor. Cut in butter, using on/off turns, until mixture resembles coarse meal. Whisk yolk, 1 tablespoon ice water, and vanilla extract in small bowl to blend. Add egg mixture to processor; blend until dough clumps together, adding more ice water by teaspoonfuls if dough is dry. Form dough into ball; flatten into disk. Wrap in plastic wrap; chill at least 1 hour. Roll out dough on floured surface to 12-inch round. Transfer to 9-inch-diameter tart pan with removable bottom. Trim dough overhang to 1 inch; fold dough overhang in and press onto sides of  <END>
INPUT: paillard, sauce, chicken breasts, Salt pepper taste, unsalted butter, shallots, fine brandy
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken Paillard with Chive and Mustard Sauce Diane | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 6 ounce chicken breasts, butterflied and pounded with a meat tenderizer to 1/4inch thick; Salt and freshly ground black pepper to taste; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 3 tablespoons chopped shallots; 2 ounces fine brandy; 1/4 cup white wine; 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard; 3/4 cup veal stock; 1/2 cup heavy cream; 3 tablespoons chopped fresh chives | INSTRUCTIONS: Since each pounded, flattened chicken should have a large circumference, it will be necessary to cook the four breasts one at a time, setting each aside on a warm platter as you finish those that remain or use two pans to cook two simultaneously. Season the chicken with salt and pepper. Heat a large, heavy skillet over medium heat. Add 1/2 tablespoon of butter to the hot pan and heat the butter until it begins to foam. Add the first breast and sear, cooking for 3 to 4 minutes on a side before turning it over and allowing another 4 minutes on the second side. Remove the chicken from the pan and <END>
INPUT: vegetable, salad, torn leaf lettuce, carrot, onion, mushrooms, cherry tomatoes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Red-Leaf Lettuce and Vegetable Salad with Yogurt-Mustard Dressing | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 cups torn red-leaf lettuce, rinsed well and spun dry; 1 carrot, grated; 1/2 small red onion, sliced thin; 4 mushrooms, sliced thin; 4 cherry tomatoes, quartered; 3/4 cup broccoli flowerets, cut into 1/2-inch pieces, blanched in boiling water for 1 minute, and drained well; 1/2 red bell pepper, cut into strips; 1 teaspoon fresh lemon juice; 1 tablespoon olive oil; 1 1/2 teaspoons coarse-grained mustard; 1/4 teaspoons sugar; a pinch of cayenne; 1/2 cup plain yogurt; 1 teaspoon finely chopped fresh parsley leaves; 1 hard-boiled large egg, quartered for garnish if desired | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large bowl toss together the lettuce, the carrot, the onion, the mushrooms, the tomatoes, the broccoli, and the bell pepper. In a bowl whisk together the lemon juice, the oil, the mustard, the sugar, the cayenne, the yogurt, the parsley, and salt and black pepper to taste and toss the salad with the dressing, combining well. Divide the salad between 2 large salad plates and garnish it with the egg. In a large bowl toss together the lettuce, the carrot, the onion, the mushrooms, the tomatoes, the broccoli, and the bell pepper. In a bowl whisk together the lemon juice, the oil, the mustard, <END>
INPUT: sauce, chicken breasts, olive oil, butter, scallions, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken with Mustard Cream Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 chicken breasts, skinless and boneless; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1 tablespoon butter; 2 green scallions, sliced; 1 garlic clove, minced; 1/2 cup white wine; 1/2 cup heavy cream; 3 tablespoons Dijon mustard; Salt and pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Place chicken breast under plastic wrap and flatten using mallet, rolling pin, or a glass bottle. Season breasts with salt and pepper. In heated skillet add olive oil and butter. Add chicken and cook over a medium heat until golden brown on both sides. Remove chicken to a plate and cover with foil to keep warm. Add scallions and garlic to same skillet. Saute quickly and add white wine. Boil rapidly and reduce to syrup. Add cream and mustard, stir. Return chicken breast to pan and simmer gently until just heated through. <END>
INPUT: Italian, salad, pesto, baby new potatoes, Kosher salt, basil leaves, virgin olive oil, pine nuts
OUTPUT: TITLE: Potato Salad with Green Beans and Pesto | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 2 1/2 pounds baby red new potatoes, scrubbed and cut in half; Kosher salt; 4 ounces fresh basil leaves (4 cups loosely packed basil); 1/2 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 1/2 cup chopped pine nuts; 1/4 cup finely grated Parmesan; 1 large clove garlic, peeled; Freshly ground black pepper; 1 1/2 pounds green beans, ends trimmed, cut into half | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Place the potatoes into a large saucepan, cover with cold water and add a big pinch of salt. Bring to a boil, reduce to a simmer and cook until tender, about 15 minutes. Use a slotted spoon or a spider to remove the potatoes to a bowl. Add the green beans to the boiling water and cook for 3 minutes longer. Add the basil, olive oil, pine nuts, Parmesan, garlic and some salt and pepper to a bowl of a food processor and pulse until smooth. Add the pesto to the still-warm potatoes and toss all together. Drain the green beans into a colander in the sink and rinse to s <END>
INPUT: straw, paprika, cumin, salt, pepper, cayenne
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spicy Straw Potatoes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 teaspoon paprika; 1/2 teaspoon ground cumin; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/4 teaspoon black pepper; 1/4 teaspoon cayenne; 1/8 teaspoon sugar; 2 lb russet (baking) potatoes (4), peeled; 3 cups peanut or vegetable oil; Special equipment: a deep-fat thermometer | INSTRUCTIONS: Make seasoned salt: Stir together all seasoned salt ingredients in a small bowl. Stir together all seasoned salt ingredients in a small bowl. Soak potatoes: Cut potatoes lengthwise into thin matchsticks, about 1/8 inch thick, using a mandoline or other manual slicer, and submerge in a bowl of ice water until ready to fry. Cut potatoes lengthwise into thin matchsticks, about 1/8 inch thick, using a mandoline or other manual slicer, and submerge in a bowl of ice water until ready to fry. Fry potatoes: Heat oil in a 4-quart heavy saucepan over moderately high heat until it registers 375°F on deep <END>
INPUT: Asian, Wooden skewers, shrimp, light soy sauce, garlic, ginger
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Shrimp Skewers with Soy Sauce, Fresh Ginger and Toasted Sesame Seeds | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: Wooden skewers (4-inch); 24 large shrimp; 1/2 cup light soy sauce; 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped; 1 tablespoon grated fresh ginger; 1 tablespoon toasted sesame oil; 2 tablespoons white wine vinegar; 1 tablespoon fresh lime juice; 1/4 cup peanut oil, plus extra for drizzling; Salt and pepper; 2 tablespoons toasted sesame seeds | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Soak 4-inch wooden skewers in cold water for 1 hour. Thread 1 shrimp onto each skewer so that the shrimp lie flat. Whisk together the soy, garlic, ginger, sesame oil, white wine vinegar, lime juice and peanut oil together in a small bowl. Place shrimp skewers onto a plate and drizzle with peanut oil to lightly coat. Season with salt and pepper. Heat grill. Grill shrimp 2 minutes per side or until just cooked through. Place shrimp on a platter, drizzle with vinaigrette and sprinkle with sesame seeds. <END>
INPUT: Asian, stir, lamb, soy sauce, ginger, garlic, cornstarch
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lamb with Zucchini Stir-Fry | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound ground lamb; 4 tablespoons soy sauce; 1 tablespoon minced fresh ginger; 1 tablespoon minced garlic; 2 teaspoons plus 2 tablespoons cornstarch; 1 cup canned low-salt chicken broth; 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 2 teaspoons garlic chili sauce; 3 tablespoons vegetable oil; 2 tablespoons oriental sesame oil; 3 large garlic cloves, peeled; 1 1/2 pounds zucchini, cut in 2 x 1/3 x 1/3-inch strips; 1 medium onion, thinly sliced; 5 green onions, cut into 2-inch lengths; Cooked white rice | INSTRUCTIONS: Mix lamb, 2 tablespoons soy sauce, ginger, minced garlic and 2 teaspoons cornstarch in large bowl. Mix broth, lemon juice, chili sauce and remaining 2 tablespoons soy sauce and 2 tablespoons cornstarch in small bowl. Heat both oils in wok or Dutch oven over high heat. Add 3 garlic cloves; cook until golden brown, about 2 minutes. Discard garlic. Add zucchini and onion; stir-fry until crisp-tender, about 3 minutes. Add green onions; stir-fry just until wilted, about 1 minute. Transfer vegetables to platter. Add lamb mixture to wok; stir-fry until meat is brown, about 3 minutes. Add broth mixtur <END>
INPUT: sauce, mayonnaise, aged sherry vinegar, garlic, grilled plum tomato, smoked Spanish paprika
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spanish Paprika Mayo Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup mayonnaise; 1 tablespoon aged sherry vinegar; 2 cloves finely chopped garlic; 1 grilled plum tomato; 2 teaspoons smoked Spanish paprika; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 tablespoons finely chopped flat-leaf parsley, plus leaves for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Put mayonnaise, vinegar, garlic, tomato and paprika in food processor and process until smooth; season with salt and pepper. Scrape into a bowl and stir in the parsley. <END>
INPUT: poulet, provencal, tomatoes, onion, brine cured olives, garlic, olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Braised Chicken with Tomatoes and Olives (Poulet Provencal) | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound tomatoes (3 to 4 medium), cut into wedges; 1 large onion, cut into wedges, leaving root ends intact; 1/2 cup drained brine-cured black olives, pitted if desired; 4 large garlic cloves, sliced, plus 1 teaspoon minced; 3 tablespoons olive oil, divided; 2 teaspoons herbes de Provence, divided; 1/2 teaspoon fennel seeds; 1 whole chicken (about 3 1/2 pounds); Equipment: kitchen string; Accompaniment: crusty bread; Garnish: chopped flat-leaf parsley | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat convection oven to 400°F or regular oven to 425°F with rack in middle. Toss together tomatoes, onion, olives, sliced garlic, 2 tablespoons oil, 1 teaspoon herbes de Provence, fennel seeds, 1/2 teaspoon salt, and 1/4 teaspoon pepper in a 13- by 9-inch or other 3-quart shallow baking dish. Push vegetables to sides of dish to make room for chicken. Stir together minced garlic, 1 teaspoon salt, 1/2 teaspoon pepper, remaining teaspoon herbes de Provence, and remaining tablespoon olive oil. Remove excess fat from chicken and pat dry, then rub inside and out with seasoning mixture. Tie legs t <END>
INPUT: sour cream, all purpose flour, leeks, unsalted butter, water
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fish with Creamy Leeks | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup sour cream; 1 1/2 teaspoons all-purpose flour; 2 medium leeks (white and pale green parts only), thinly sliced; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 2/3 cup water, divided; 4 (6-ounce) pieces thick white-fish fillets such as pollock or Pacific cod, skinned; 1 tablespoon chopped dill | INSTRUCTIONS: Whisk together sour cream and flour. Wash leeks, then put in a large heavy skillet with butter, 1/3 cup water, 1/2 teaspoon salt, and 1/4 teaspoon pepper. Cover with parchment, then with a lid, and simmer over medium heat, stirring once or twice, until leeks are tender, about 10 minutes. Stir in sour-cream mixture and remaining 1/3 cup water. Season fish with 1/4 teaspoon each of salt and pepper, then add to leeks and cook, covered with parchment and lid, until just cooked through, 8 to 10 minutes. Serve sprinkled with dill. Whisk together sour cream and flour. Wash leeks, then put in a large  <END>
INPUT: citrus, glaze, virgin olive oil, Salt pepper, wine, balsamic vinegar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pan Seared Salmon with Citrus Vinegar Glaze and Green Beans | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 (6 ounce) portions salmon fillets; Extra-virgin olive oil, for brushing fish; Salt and pepper; 1/2 cup dry white wine; 1/2 cup balsamic vinegar; 2 tablespoons orange juice, a splash; 2 teaspoons lemon juice; 2 tablespoons brown sugar; 1 pound green beans, trimmed; Orange slices or lemon rind | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat a cast iron pan or heavy bottomed skillet over medium high heat. Brush the salmon fillets with oil. Season with salt and pepper. Cook salmon until just cooked through, about 3 minutes on each side. While salmon cooks, bring wine, vinegar, citrus juices and brown sugar to a boil over high heat. Reduce glaze 3 or 4 minutes, until thickened. Remove from heat. Stir in 1/2 teaspoon coarse black pepper. In a second skillet, bring 1/2-inch water to a boil with green beans and pieces of orange and/or lemon rind. Cover the green beans and cook 3 or 4 minutes. Drain the beans and toss with a dri <END>
INPUT: slow, cooker, beef bottom roast, onions, steak sauce, onion, Montreal steak spice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Easy Slow Cooker Beef Roast | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: One 5 pound beef bottom roast; 2 large onions, thickly sliced; 8 oz. or 1 cup steak sauce; 2 tablespoons dried minced onion; 1 tablespoon Montreal steak spice | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. Place onions in bottom of slow cooker. 2. Place roast on top of onions. 3. Pour steak sauce over roast to coat. 4. Sprinkle with dried onion and steak spice. 5. Cover and cook on HIGH for 5 hours or LOW for 8 hours or until internal temperature reaches at least 160 degrees Fahrenheit for medium doneness. <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, tots, olive oil, onion, cauliflower, almond meal, eggs
OUTPUT: TITLE: Baked Cauliflower Tots | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon olive oil; 1/2 small onion, finely chopped; 2 small heads cauliflower; 1 cup almond meal; 2 large eggs, separated; Kosher salt; 2 cups crispy rice cereal; Cooking spray; Dipping sauces, such as ketchup, grainy mustard, pesto or red-pepper hummus, for serving | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: Cheesecloth Position an oven rack in the top position of the oven, and preheat to 450 degrees F. Set a cooling rack on a rimmed baking sheet. Heat the oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Add the onions, and cook, stirring frequently, until browned and soft, about 5 minutes. Remove from the heat, and let cool in the skillet. Remove the outer leaves and core of the cauliflower heads. Separate the heads into large florets, and trim away most of the remaining smaller stems. In 2 batches, process the florets in a food processor until very finely chopped, almost a paste, <END>
INPUT: salad, bags ready use, salt, pepper, Balsamic Vinaigrette, grape tomatoes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Simple Salad with Balsamic Vinaigrette | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 bags ready to use mesclun greens; Pinch salt; Freshly ground black pepper; Balsamic Vinaigrette, recipe follows; 1 pint grape tomatoes; 1 yellow bell pepper, seeded, halved and thinly sliced; 1 shallot, peeled and roughly chopped; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh basil leaves; 1/4 cup balsamic vinegar; 1 teaspoon sugar; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground pepper; 1 cup olive oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Toss the greens, salt and pepper together with just enough vinaigrette to coat, about 1/2 cup. Place them in a decorative bowl and top with the grape tomatoes and bell pepper. Serve the remaining vinaigrette on the side. Put the shallot and basil into the bowl of a food processor fitted with a metal blade. Pulse until the shallot is finely chopped. Add the balsamic, sugar, salt and pepper and pulse again. With the machine running, add the olive oil in a steady stream through the feed tube. Pour the vinaigrette into a small bowl and serve. <END>
INPUT: Italian, calabrese, active yeast, water, pizza flour, sea salt, San Marzano tomato
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pizza Calabrese | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon active dry yeast; 1 cup warm water; 2 1/2 cups pizza flour, plus more for dusting; 1 teaspoon sea salt; 4 cups canned San Marzano tomato sauce; Pinch of sea salt; 1 pound fresh mozzarella, sliced; 40 thin slices spicy Italian salami; 16 fresh basil leaves, roughly chopped; 4 tablespoons grated Parmesan; Olive oil, for drizzling | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: a wood-fired oven and a pizza peel For the pizza dough: Prepare the yeast by mixing it in 1 cup warm water. When it's frothy, add it to the flour and salt in a mixing bowl. Combine until smooth. Portion the dough into 4 balls and let rest for 24 hours. Heat a wood-fired oven to 350 to 400 degrees F. Flour a work surface, and hand stretch and form the dough balls into the appropriate pizza shapes. Transfer to a floured pizza peel. For the toppings: Season the San Marzano tomato sauce with a pinch of salt. Scoop a ladleful over each of the pizza dough rounds and spread until i <END>
INPUT: Asian, fish, fillets, light soy sauce, sugar, Shaohsing rice wine, five spice powder, sole fillet
OUTPUT: TITLE: Steamed Scallion Ginger Fish Fillets with Bok Choy | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup light soy sauce; 2 tablespoons sugar; 1/2 cup Shaohsing rice wine; 1/2 teaspoon five-spice powder; 2 pounds sole fillet, cut into 8 pieces; 1 (1-inch) piece fresh ginger, finely julienned; 6 tablespoons vegetable oil; 8 scallions (white and green parts), cut crosswise into 2-inch lengths, then thinly julienned lengthwise; Stir-Fried Baby Bok Choy | INSTRUCTIONS: In medium bowl, whisk together soy sauce, sugar, rice wine, and five-spice powder. Transfer fish to 2 rimmed plates. Drizzle each piece with 1 tablespoon soy sauce mixture and scatter with julienned ginger. (Set remaining sauce aside for finishing dish.) Cover and refrigerate 15 minutes. Fit large saucepan with flat steamer basket, fill with 1 inch water, and bring to boil over high heat. Reduce heat to low and transfer 1 plate to steamer basket. Cover and steam 4 minutes. Without lifting lid, turn off flame and allow residual heat to finish cooking until fish is just cooked through, about 1 m <END>
INPUT: fries, parsnips, olive oil, chicken breast halves, distilled vinegar, hot pepper flakes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken and Parsnip "Fries" with Spicy Vinegar | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 pound parsnips; 3 tablespoons olive oil, divided; 4 chicken breast halves with skin and bone (3 1/2 pounds); 1/2 cup distilled white vinegar; 1/4 teaspoon dried hot red-pepper flakes | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 450°F with rack in middle. Peel parsnips and quarter lengthwise. (If large, cut lengthwise into eighths and cut out cores.) Toss with 1 tablespoon oil in a large shallow baking pan and sprinkle with 1/2 teaspoon salt and 1/4 teaspoon pepper. Roast, stirring occasionally, while preparing chicken (about 5 minutes). Pat chicken dry, then sprinkle with 1 1/2 teaspoons salt and 1/2 teaspoon pepper. Heat 1 tablespoon oil in a 12-inch heavy skillet over high heat until it shimmers, then brown skin side of chicken, about 3 minutes. Transfer chicken, skin side up, to pan with parsnips,  <END>
INPUT: pudding, milk, sugar, bourbon, eggs egg yolks
OUTPUT: TITLE: Orange-Chocolate Bread Pudding | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 cups whole milk; 1 1/2 cups sugar, plus more for sprinkling; 1 12-ounce can (11/2 cups) frozen orange juice concentrate, thawed; 3/4 cup plus 2 tablespoons bourbon; 2 large eggs plus 6 egg yolks; 12 cups day-old challah bread cubes; 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, plus more for greasing; 3/4 cup bittersweet chocolate chunks; Pinch of salt; 3/4 cup heavy cream | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat the milk, 1 cup sugar and 1/2 cup orange juice concentrate in a saucepan over medium-low heat until the sugar dissolves, stirring. Cool slightly. (It's OK if the mixture curdles slightly.) Whisk the milk mixture, 2 tablespoons bourbon and the whole eggs and yolks in a large bowl; fold in the bread. Cover and refrigerate until the liquid is absorbed, about 1 hour 30 minutes. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Butter a 9-by-13-inch baking dish. Fold the chocolate chunks into the bread mixture. Spread evenly in the baking dish and sprinkle with sugar. Bake until a knife inserted into the cen <END>
INPUT: greens, bacon, onion, garlic, oregano, kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cajun Pork Tenderloin with Braised Greens | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 slices bacon, thinly sliced; 1 small red onion, sliced; 2 cloves garlic, smashed; 1 teaspoon dried oregano; 1 teaspoon kosher salt; Pinch red pepper flakes; 8 cups kale, roughly chopped; 1 1/2 cups low-sodium chicken broth, plus 1/4 cup; 1 large tomato, diced; 2 teaspoons cider vinegar; Freshly ground black pepper; 2 tablespoons Cajun spice blend; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 2 teaspoons kosher salt; 2 pork tenderloins (about 14 ounces each), each halved crosswise | INSTRUCTIONS: For the greens: Cook the bacon over medium heat in a large skillet until browned, about 6 minutes. Add the onion, garlic, oregano, salt, pepper flakes and tomato, and cook until vegetables are tender, about 5 minutes. Stir in the kale and 1 1/2 cups broth, cover, cook until wilted, about 8 minutes. Stir in 1/4 cup broth and vinegar, and season with salt and pepper, to taste. For the pork: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Combine the Cajun spice, 1 tablespoon of the olive oil, and salt to make paste. Rub the pork with spice paste. Heat a skillet over medium-high. Add the remaining olive oil a <END>
INPUT: pound, cake, sweet potato, butter, granulated sugar, sugar, oranges
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sweet Potato Pound Cake with Molasses Cream | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 1/2 cups sweet potato; 8 ounces butter; 1 cup granulated sugar; 1 cup brown sugar; 2 oranges, zested; 4 eggs; 3 cups all purpose flour; 2 teaspoons baking powder; 1 teaspoon baking soda; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 1 teaspoon cinnamon; 1 teaspoon ground ginger; 1/2 teaspoon nutmeg; 1/2 cup roasted and lightly salted peanuts or cashews; 1 1/2 tablespoons maple syrup | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine nut mixture and set aside. Roast sweet potatoes in 375 degree oven for 1 1/2 hours, or until a knife can entirely pierce the potato. When potatoes have cooled slightly, mash with a fork and set aside. Grease mini loaf pans and set aside. Cream butter and sugars together until light. Scrape bowl often. Add orange zest, then eggs one at a time. Again, scrape bowl often. In another bowl, combine dry ingredients and mix well. Alternate the dry and wet ingredients with the mashed sweet potato in 3 parts starting with the dry. Mix until batter is well combined, but do not over mix. Spoon bat <END>
INPUT: Mexican, Peanut vegetable oil, egg whites, cornstarch, Kosher salt, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Coconut Shrimp with Lime Dressing | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: Peanut or vegetable oil, for deep-frying; 2 egg whites; 1 tablespoon cornstarch; Kosher salt; Freshly ground black pepper; 12 (U-15) jumbo shrimp, peeled, deveined, and flattened; 2 cups flaked coconut; Lime dressing, recipe follows; 2 bunches watercress leaves, for garnish; 1 cup sour cream; 1 lime, zested and juiced; 1 small shallot, finely diced; 2 tablespoons chopped parsley; 1 tablespoon sugar; 1/4 teaspoon finely chopped scotch bonnet pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large heavy bottom saucepan, pour enough oil to fill the pan about a third of the way. Heat over medium heat until a deep-fryer thermometer inserted in the oil reaches 350 degrees F. (If you do not have a thermometer a cube of bread will brown in about 3 minutes.) In a bowl whisk together the egg whites, cornstarch, salt, and pepper, to taste. Dip the shrimp into the egg mixture, and then press the shrimp into the coconut flakes, coating well on both sides. Fry the shrimp in batches until coconut is golden, about 2 to 3 minutes. Drain on paper towel. Serve immediately. Dress shrimp with l <END>
INPUT: cheesecake, blondies, pecans, cream cheese, granulated sugar, eggs
OUTPUT: TITLE: Salted Caramel Cheesecake Blondies | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup pecans; Cooking spray; 1 8-ounce package cream cheese, at room temperature; 1/4 cup granulated sugar; 3 large eggs; 1 1/2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract; 1 1/2 cups all-purpose flour; 1 teaspoon baking powder; 1/2 teaspoon fine salt; 1 1/2 sticks (12 tablespoons) unsalted butter, melted; 1 1/2 cups packed light brown sugar; 3 tablespoons high-quality caramel sauce, plus more for topping; 1/2 teaspoon fleur de sel | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Spread the pecans on a baking sheet. Bake until toasted, about 8 minutes. Let cool, then chop. Coat a 9-inch square baking dish with cooking spray. Line with parchment paper, leaving an overhang; coat the parchment with cooking spray. Make the cheesecake batter: Beat the cream cheese and granulated sugar in a large bowl with a mixer on medium speed until creamy, about 3 minutes. Beat in 1 egg and 1/2 teaspoon vanilla until combined; set aside. Make the blondie batter: Whisk the flour, baking powder and fine salt in a medium bowl. Whisk the melted butter and b <END>
INPUT: ribbons, salad, hazelnuts, pancetta, baby arugula, chicory, butternut squash
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Butternut Squash Ribbons with Arugula, Pancetta, and Hazelnut Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup hazelnuts; 5 ounces thinly sliced pancetta, halved and cut crosswise into 1/4-inch-wide strips (about 1 cup); 5 ounces baby arugula; 12 ounces chicory, leaves stripped from center ribs (save ribs for soup) and leaves torn into bite-size pieces (about 12 cups); 1 1/2 pounds butternut squash, trimmed and peeled; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; Salt; Freshly ground pepper; 1 cup apple cider or apple juice; 1/4 cup apple cider vinegar; 2 tablespoons finely chopped shallot; 2 teaspoons Dijon mustard; 2 teaspoons sugar; Salt; 1/2 cup extra-virgin olive oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Begin salad: Heat oven to 350°F with rack in middle. Roast hazelnuts on a baking sheet in oven until fragrant and pale golden inside (cut one open to test), 8 to 10 minutes (keep oven on). Wrap hot nuts in a towel and rub together to remove any loose skins. Halve nuts. While nuts are roasting, cook pancetta in a 9- to 10-inch heavy skillet over medium heat, stirring occasionally, until crisp. Transfer with a slotted spoon to paper towels to drain. Heat oven to 350°F with rack in middle. Roast hazelnuts on a baking sheet in oven until fragrant and pale golden inside (cut one open to test), 8 to <END>
INPUT: relish, serrano chiles, pineapple, Canola oil, Sugar, unsalted butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Pink Snapper with Caramelized Pineapple-Green Onion Butter and Relish | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 serrano chiles; 1 small ripe pineapple; Canola oil, for brushing; Sugar, for sprinkling; 2 sticks unsalted butter, at room temperature; 3 green onions (green and pale green part), thinly sliced; Pinch of chile de arbol; Clover honey, if desired; 2 tablespoons olive oil; Juice of 1 lime; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 8 skin-on pink snapper fillets (about 8 ounces each) | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat a grill to medium-low heat. Grill the chiles until blistered and softened all over. Remove the rind from the pineapple and slice into1-inch-thick rounds. Brush the pineapple slices with canola oil and sprinkle with a little sugar. Grill until caramelized on all sides and just soft, about 10 minutes total. Remove and let cool slightly. Roughly chop half of the pineapple slices and 1 of the chiles. Put in a food processor with the butter and process until almost smooth. Add 2 of the green onions and the chile de arbol and pulse just to combine. Taste. If the pineapple isn't very sweet, add  <END>
INPUT: turnip greens other, water, Gala apples, turnips
OUTPUT: TITLE: Braised Turnip Greens with Turnips and Apples | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 pounds turnip greens or other braising greens (see cooks' note, below), tough stems discarded and greens torn into small pieces; 1 (3/4-to 1-pound) ham hock, rinsed; 3 1/2 cups water; 3 Gala apples; 1 1/4 pounds turnips, peeled and cut into 1/2-inch pieces; 2 teaspoons cider vinegar; 2 teaspoons sugar; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, cut into pieces | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring greens, ham hock, water, and 1/4 teaspoon salt to a boil in a large heavy pot. Reduce heat to low and simmer, covered, stirring occasionally, until greens are almost tender, about 20 minutes. Meanwhile, peel apples and cut into 1/2-inch pieces. Add turnips and apples to greens with vinegar, sugar, and 1/2 teaspoon each of salt and pepper and cook at a bare simmer, covered, stirring and turning ham hock occasionally, until turnips and apples are tender but not falling apart, about 20 minutes more. Remove from heat and stir in butter and salt to taste. Remove ham hock and finely chop any t <END>
INPUT: French, seabass, confit, spring onions, Spanish onion, cherry tomatoes, sherry vinegar, shallots
OUTPUT: TITLE: Seared Fillet of Seabass with Tomato and Onion Confit and Sherry Vinegar Nage Infused with Tarragon | CUISINE: French | INGREDIENTS: 4 spring onions; 3 ounces Spanish onion; 5 ounces cherry tomatoes; 1/2 cup sherry vinegar, plus 1/2 cup; 1 1/2 ounces shallots, finely chopped; 6 sprigs tarragon; 4 ounces butter, diced; 8 (3-ounce) sea bass fillets; 4 large scallops; Salt and pepper; 40 baby asparagus; 4 whole chives | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Slice the onions and cut the cherry tomatoes in half. Mix together in a bowl, then add 1/2 cup sherry vinegar and leave to marinate for 30 minutes. Place the shallots into a small saucepan and add the remaining 1/2 cup sherry vinegar. Pick off the tarragon leaves, set aside, and add the stalks to the pan. Bring the vinegar mixture to a boil and allow to reduce by 2/3. Remove pan from heat and start to whisk in the diced butter. Keep the pan warm but do not allow it to get hot as this will cause the butter to separate and will split the sauce. When all the butter  <END>
INPUT: crawfish, boil, peppercorns, coriander seeds, allspice, water
OUTPUT: TITLE: Crawfish Boil | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon whole black peppercorns; 1 tablespoon whole coriander seeds; 2 tablespoons whole cloves; 1 1/2 tablespoons whole allspice; 5 gallons water; 1 pound kosher salt; 4 tablespoons cayenne pepper; 2 tablespoons garlic powder; 2 tablespoons paprika; 1 tablespoon onion powder; 1 tablespoon dried thyme; 1 tablespoon dried oregano; 1 tablespoon dry mustard; 1 tablespoon dried dill weed; 6 bay leaves, crumbled | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Place the peppercorns, coriander, clove, and allspice into a spice grinder and grind for 10 to 15 seconds. Fill a 40-quart pot with 5 gallons of water and add the freshly ground spices, salt, cayenne pepper, garlic powder, paprika, onion powder, thyme, oregano, dry mustard, dill weed, and bay leaves. Cover and bring to a boil over high heat, approximately 40 minutes. Rinse the crawfish thoroughly in the bag in which they arrived to remove excess dirt and mud. Put the crawfish in a large container and fill with cool water. Stir to remove dirt from the crawfish. Tr <END>
INPUT: Mexican, canola oil, onion, garlic, ketchup, chipotle Chile Paste
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chipotle BBQ Sauce | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon canola oil; 2 cups diced yellow onion; 7 cloves garlic, minced; 1 cup ketchup; 1 cup chipotle Red Chile Paste, recipe follows; 1/2 cup Worcestershire sauce; 1/2 cup strong coffee; 1/3 cup packed brown sugar; 1/4 cup cider vinegar; 1/4 cup freshly squeezed lemon juice; 1 1/2 teaspoons Dijon mustard; 2 teaspoons kosher salt; 4 ancho chiles, seeded and stems removed; 4 Mexican dried chiles, seeded and stems removed; 3 cups chicken stock | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large, heavy saucepan heat the oil over medium heat and add the onion and garlic. Saute until they begin to wilt. Add the ketchup and chile paste and saute for 4 minutes. Add all of the remaining ingredients stir and let simmer for 30 to 40 minutes. As the sauce thickens, stir more often so it does not scorch. Remove the sauce from the heat and allow it to cool. Place the sauce in a blender and puree. Store in the refrigerator. Place the ancho and Mexican chiles in a large saucepan and cover them with the chicken stock. Add the onion and garlic. Bring the stock to a boil over high heat, r <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, basic, mushrooms, duxelles, bread crumbs, herbs, lumb crab meat
OUTPUT: TITLE: Basic Stuffed Mushrooms | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 24 medium mushrooms, stems removed, finely chopped to be used in the following Duxelles recipe; 1/2 cup duxelles, see following recipe; 1/4 cup dry bread crumbs; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh herbs, i.e. parsley, tarragon, chervil, and/or chives; 1/2 cup lumb crab meat or finely chopped prosciutto or crumbled cooked bacon, optional; 1/2 cup freshly grated Parmesan, Asiago or crumbled Feta, 1/4 cup reserved for top; 1 egg, lightly beaten; 2 tablespoons olive oil or melted butter; Salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Arrange the mushroom caps in a single layer in a lightly greased shallow baking dish. In a bowl combine the stuffing ingredients thoroughly. Divide the stuffing mixture among the mushroom caps, mounding it slightly. Drizzle the mushrooms with the olive oil or butter and season with salt and pepper. Sprinkle tops with reserved 1/4 cup cheese. Bake in the middle of the oven for 12 to 15 minutes, or until heated through.; <END>
INPUT: salad, warm, wine vinegar, water, Dijon mustard, shallot, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Frisée and Endive Salad with Warm Brussels Sprouts and Toasted Pecans | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons white-wine vinegar; 2 tablespoons water; 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard; 1/4 cup minced shallot; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/4 teaspoon black pepper; 6 tablespoons olive oil; 1/2 stick (1/4 cup) unsalted butter, cut into pieces; 1 lb Brussels sprouts (preferably small), trimmed and halved lengthwise (quartered if large); 1/2 cup pecan halves, halved lengthwise; 1 teaspoon salt; 6 oz frisée, trimmed and torn into bite-size pieces (4 cups); 3 Belgian endives (1 lb), cut crosswise into 1/2-inch slices | INSTRUCTIONS: Make vinaigrette: Whisk together vinegar, water, mustard, shallot, salt, and pepper in a small bowl, then add oil in a slow stream, whisking. Whisk together vinegar, water, mustard, shallot, salt, and pepper in a small bowl, then add oil in a slow stream, whisking. Make salad: Preheat oven to 400°F. Melt butter in a large shallow baking pan (1 inch deep) in lower third of oven, about 3 minutes. Toss sprouts in pan with butter, pecans, and salt. Arrange sprouts, cut sides down, in 1 layer and roast in lower third of oven until undersides of sprouts are golden and nuts are fragrant, 12 to 15 min <END>
INPUT: American, pinwheels, flank steak, Salt pepper, Asiago, curly loose spinach, Gorgonzola
OUTPUT: TITLE: Flank Steak Pinwheels | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 large flank steak, butterflied along the grain; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 6 ounces Asiago, shredded; 8 ounces curly loose spinach leaves, washed, patted dry, stems removed; 6 ounces Gorgonzola, crumbled; 4 scallions, left whole; 8 to 10 wooden skewers, soaked in water | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat grill or grill pan to high. To butterfly the flank steak, start with the meat grain running up and down in front of you. With your knife, begin cutting the meat in half. Essentially, you want a thinner, larger flank steak. Continue cutting the flank steak in half until you reach about 1 inch from completely cutting through. Lay the cut flank steak open and even out the middle so there is not a thicker piece in the center. Or just ask the butcher! Spread the flank steak out so that the grain is running left to right. Begin layering the flank steak with salt and pepper, the Asiago, then  <END>
INPUT: sangria, sugar, milliliter cabernet sauvignon, raspberry liqueur, mixed berry vodka, soda water
OUTPUT: TITLE: Black and Blue Berry Sangria | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup sugar; One 750-milliliter bottle cabernet sauvignon or other bold red wine; 1 cup black raspberry liqueur, such as Chambord; 1 cup mixed-berry vodka; 1 cup soda water; 1/2 cup fresh lemon juice (from about 3 lemons); Two 6-ounce containers blackberries; Two 6-ounce containers blueberries | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring the sugar and 1/2 cup water to a boil in a small saucepan, stirring occasionally until the sugar has dissolved, about 5 minutes. Boil the syrup for 1 minute longer, then remove the saucepan from the heat. Let cool, then transfer the syrup to a 3-quart pitcher. Add the wine, liqueur, vodka, soda water and lemon juice to the pitcher, and stir to combine. Add the blackberries and blueberries, and cover the pitcher with plastic wrap. Refrigerate the sangria to chill, at least 4 hours up to overnight. To serve, pick out 8 blueberries and 8 blackberries and cut a slit halfway through each. Gar <END>
INPUT: betty, apples, lemons, unseasoned bread crumbs, kosher salt, dark sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Apple Brown Betty | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 apples, Granny Smith or Braeburn, peeled and cored; 3 lemons, zested and juiced; 1 1/2 cups unseasoned bread crumbs; 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt; 1 1/4 cups dark brown sugar; 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1/8 teaspoon ground nutmet; 1/8 teaspoon ground allspice; 1/4 teaspoon ground cloves | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: 5 creme brulee dishes, shallow and oval Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F with a rack in the center of the oven. Place the apples on a flat surface, cut them in half, and then into thin slices. Put them in a medium bowl and coat them with a light layer of zest from 1 of the lemons and all of the lemon juice. In a separate bowl, mix together the butter and bread crumbs. Season with salt. Set aside. In a third bowl, combine the brown sugar, cinnamon, nutmeg, allspice and cloves. Mix to blend and add the apple slices. Grease each baking dish with the remaining butter. Layer the <END>
INPUT: wrapped, seabass, onion, olive oil, celery, carrot, French lentils
OUTPUT: TITLE: Applewood Bacon Wrapped Chilean Seabass on Lentils du Puy | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2-ounce onion, finely chopped; 1 tablespoon olive oil; 1/2-ounce celery, finely chopped; 1/2-ounce carrot, finely chopped; 5 ounces French lentils (ideally Puy lentils); Vegetable broth, to cover; 1 bouquet garni sachet, recipe follows; 1 (7-ounce) Chilean Sea bass fillet; 3 ounces smoked bacon, preferably Applewood; 2 sprigs sage, leaves removed; 1-ounce butter; 4 sprigs parsley, leaves removed, cleaned and chopped; 1-ounce tomato concasse; 2 ounces stiffly beaten whipped heavy cream; 4 to 5 leaves sage, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: In a medium saucepan, sweat the onions in the olive oil, and when they are translucent, add the celery and carrots. Add the lentils and toss with the vegetables. Add the vegetable broth to cover and the bouquet garni. Bring to a boil and then lower the heat to simmer the lentils until they are soft. Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Preheat an ovenproof saute pan large enough to hold the 7-ounce fillet, comfortably. On a cutting board, shingle 4 to 5 slices of bacon. Take the fillet and place it at the corner of the bacon. Place the sage leaves on top of the fillet. Wrap the fillet in the bac <END>
INPUT: batidos, pineapple, ice cubes, orange juice, sugar, milk
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pineapple Orange Batidos | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 pineapple (labeled "extra sweet"), peeled, cored, and cut into chunks (1 cup); 3/4 cup ice cubes; 3/4 cup fresh orange juice; 2 tablespoons sugar; 1/2 cup whole milk; Garnish: pineapple wedges and orange slices | INSTRUCTIONS: Blend pineapple, ice, orange juice, sugar, and a pinch of salt in a blender until smooth. Add milk and blend until frothy. Serve immediately. Blend pineapple, ice, orange juice, sugar, and a pinch of salt in a blender until smooth. Add milk and blend until frothy. Serve immediately. <END>
INPUT: American, sweet potatoes, pork baby back, McCormick® Grill Mates®
OUTPUT: TITLE: Brown Sugar Bourbon Ribs with Grilled Sweet Potatoes | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 4 medium sweet potatoes, pierced with fork; 4 pounds pork baby back ribs; 1 cup McCormick® Grill Mates® Brown Sugar Bourbon BBQ Sauce | INSTRUCTIONS: Microwave sweet potatoes on HIGH 7 minutes or until almost tender, turning sweet potatoes over halfway through cooking. Let stand 2 minutes. Cut sweet potatoes into wedges. Grill ribs over indirect medium heat with lid closed 1 to 1 1/2 hours or until tender, turning occasionally. Brush with some of the BBQ Sauce during last 10 minutes of cooking. Grill sweet potatoes over medium heat 2 minutes per side or until lightly browned, brushing with remaining BBQ Sauce. Copyright © 2011 McCormick & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved. <END>
INPUT: char, Olive oil, Four eye steaks, Kosher salt pepper, roasted shallot herb, shallot
OUTPUT: TITLE: Char-Grilled Rib Eye with Roasted Shallot and Herb Butter | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Olive oil; Four 12-ounce rib-eye steaks, bone in, about 1 1/2 inch thick; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 recipe roasted shallot and herb butter (recipe follows); 1 medium shallot, peeled; 1 tablespoon olive oil; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 stick salted butter, room temperature; 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh parsley; 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh basil; 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh tarragon; 1 teaspoon grated lemon zest; Pinch of crushed red-pepper flakes | INSTRUCTIONS: Take your steaks out of the fridge 30 minutes before you want to start grilling, so they can come to room temperature. Prepare the charcoal grill to medium-high heat on one side of your grill, and medium-low heat on the other. You will need just a few briquettes on the cooler side of the grill to maintain the low heat. (If using a gas grill, heat one side of the grill to medium-high heat and the other to low.) When the grill is hot and ready to go, brush the grill grates with some olive oil. Season the steaks generously with salt and pepper. Place the steaks on the hot side of the grill for 3  <END>
INPUT: shortcakes, compote, granulated sugar, baking powder, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Buckwheat Shortcakes with Earl-Grey Apricot Compote and Whipped Cream | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup plus 2 tablespoons (5 ounces) all-purpose flour; 1/4 cup plus 2 tablespoons (1.75 ounces) buckwheat flour; 1/4 cup granulated sugar; 1 3/4 teaspoons baking powder, sifted if lumpy; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1 cup heavy cream, plus extra for brushing; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, frozen at least 1 hour and grated on a box grater; Turbinado sugar, for sprinkling; 1 cup (6 ounces) dried apricots, sliced in half lengthwise; 2 Earl Grey teabags; 1 vanilla bean, slit lengthwise; 3 tablespoons honey; 1 1/4 cups heavy cream; 1 tablespoon granulated sugar; Stand mixer with whisk attachment, electric hand mixer, or whisk (for whipped cream), 2 1/4-inch round biscuit cutter or equally sized straight-sided  | INSTRUCTIONS: Make the shortcakes: Position a rack in the center of the oven and preheat the oven to 425°F. Line a baking sheet with two layers of parchment paper. In a large bowl, thoroughly whisk the flours, sugar, baking powder, and salt. Make a well in the center and pour the cream into it (set the measuring cup aside) and add the grated frozen butter. Use a rubber spatula to push the dry ingredients from the sides of the bowl into the well, cutting and turning the mixture just until the dry ingredients are almost entirely moistened and the dough looks rough and shaggy. Gather the dough into a ball and  <END>
INPUT: Italian, crostini, basil leaves, virgin olive oil, kosher salt, pepper, shrimp
OUTPUT: TITLE: Crostini with White Beans and Basil-Marinated Shrimp | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup fresh basil leaves, loosely packed; 1 cup plus 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 2 1/2 teaspoons kosher salt; 1 1/4 teaspoons freshly ground black pepper; 24 large cooked shrimp, sliced in half lengthwise; 8 (1-inch-thick) slices ciabatta (from 1 large loaf); 4 cloves garlic, coarsely chopped; 2 teaspoons fresh rosemary, coarsely chopped (from 2 sprigs); 1/2 cup chicken stock or low-sodium chicken broth; 1 (15 ounce) can white beans, drained and rinsed; 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 4 ounces arugula, coarsely chopped (about 4 cups loosely packed); 2 teaspoons chile-garlic sauce | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350°F. In blender, pulse basil, 1/4 cup olive oil, 1 teaspoon salt, and 1/2 teaspoon pepper until smooth. Transfer to small bowl, add shrimp, and toss to combine. Refrigerate, covered, at least 1 hour and up to 24 hours. Brush ciabatta slices on both sides with oil (about 1/4 cup total) and sprinkle with salt and pepper (about 1/2 teaspoon salt and 1/4 teaspoon pepper total). Arrange in single layer on rimmed baking sheet and bake until golden brown, 15 to 20 minutes. In heavy medium saucepan over moderately high heat, heat 1/4 cup oil until hot but not smoking. Add garlic and  <END>
INPUT: French, cranberry, crumble, bacon, candied pecans walnuts, cranberries, apricots, rosemary leaves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Baked Brie with Cranberry-Pecan-Bacon Crumble | CUISINE: French | INGREDIENTS: 4 strips bacon; 2 tablespoons candied pecans or walnuts, finely chopped; 2 tablespoons dried cranberries, finely chopped; 6 dried apricots, finely chopped; 1 tablespoon fresh rosemary leaves, finely chopped; 2 teaspoons red wine vinegar; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; One 7- to 8-ounce round high-quality Brie, preferably from France; Sliced baguette, crackers and apple and/or pear slices, for serving | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Lay the bacon in a large skillet, then cook over medium heat until golden and crisp, 4 to 5 minutes per side. Drain the bacon on paper towels, let cool, then finely chop. Combine the bacon, pecans, cranberries, apricots, rosemary, vinegar, pinch of salt and a few grinds of pepper in a small bowl. Remove the Brie from its packaging. Cut off the top rind of the round of Brie, leaving a 1/4-inch border around the edges (use a sharp knife and go in from above at a slight angle). Discard the rind you have removed. Put the Brie in a small baking dish. Top with some <END>
INPUT: Asian, calamari, reduction, Oil, Two pink lemonade, tamarind paste, guajillo chiles, pasilla chiles
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fried Calamari with Pink Lemonade Chili and Tamarind Reduction over Sesame Black Rice | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: Oil, for frying; Two 12-ounce cans frozen pink lemonade concentrate; 2 tablespoons tamarind paste; 3 guajillo chiles, seeded; 3 pasilla chiles, seeded; 2 tablespoons sesame oil; 2 tablespoons soy sauce; 2 cups black rice; 2 cups all-purpose flour; 2 tablespoons cornstarch; 1 teaspoon ancho chili powder; 1 teaspoon cayenne pepper; 1 teaspoon smoked paprika; 1 teaspoon red pepper flakes; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: a deep fryer or Dutch oven; a deep-fry thermometer Heat a deep fryer or Dutch oven filled with oil to 375 degrees F. Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. In a small saucepan, combine 1 can frozen lemonade with the tamarind and guajillo and pasilla chiles. Simmer over low heat until reduced, 20 to 30 minutes. In another small saucepan, combine the sesame oil, soy sauce and 4 cups water. Bring to a boil over high heat. Add the black rice, cover and return to a boil. Reduce to a simmer and cook until the liquid is absorbed, about 20 minutes. In a medium mixing bowl, combine the f <END>
INPUT: Italian, unsalted butter, olive oil, pine nuts, butternut squash, radicchio
OUTPUT: TITLE: Butternut Squash and Radicchio Pappardelle | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 stick unsalted butter; 2 tablespoon olive oil; 1/3 cup pine nuts; 1 pound butternut squash, peeled and cut into 1/2-inch cubes (about 2 1/2 cups); 3/4 pound radicchio, cored and thinly sliced; 1 (8-to 9-ounces) package pappardelle (preferably egg pasta), broken into large pieces; 1/2 cup coarsely grated ricotta salata or Parmigiano-Reggiano (1 ounce) | INSTRUCTIONS: Melt butter in a 12-inch heavy skillet over medium heat, then continue to cook until it is golden brown, about 2 minutes. Add oil, then nuts, and cook, stirring, until nuts are golden, 1 to 2 minutes. Transfer with a slotted spoon to a plate. Add squash to skillet and cook over medium heat, stirring occasionally, until golden and just tender, 6 to 8 minutes. Add radicchio and 1/2 teaspoon each of salt and pepper and cook, stirring, until wilted and just tender, about 3 minutes. Meanwhile, cook pappardelle in a pasta pot of boiling salted water (2 tablespoon salt for 6 quarts water) until al de <END>
INPUT: stovetop, bacon, onions, bell pepper, Two pork beans, ketchup
OUTPUT: TITLE: Stovetop Baked Beans | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 slices bacon, diced; 1 cup diced onions; 1/2 green bell pepper, diced; Two 28-ounce cans pork and beans; 1/4 cup ketchup; 1/4 cup molasses; 3 tablespoons apple cider vinegar; 2 teaspoons hot sauce; 1 1/2 teaspoons dry mustard; 1/4 teaspoon black pepper; Salt; Chopped red onions, for serving | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook the bacon in a heated cast-iron pan until the fat starts to render. Add the onion and green bell peppers. Cook until the vegetables are soft, about 5 minutes. Add the pork and beans, ketchup, molasses, vinegar, hot sauce, dry mustard and pepper. Stir to combine. Bring the beans to a simmer. Simmer over low heat for 30 to 40 minutes until thick. Add salt to taste. Serve hot, topped with chopped red onions. <END>
INPUT: distilled vinegar, Kosher salt, coriander seeds, mustard seeds, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pickled Eggs | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 1/4 cups distilled white vinegar; Kosher salt; 1 tablespoon coriander seeds; 1 tablespoon yellow mustard seeds; 1 tablespoon sugar; 1/2 small yellow or white onion, halved and thinly sliced; 1/2 to 1 Fresno or other hot red chile, thinly sliced; 12 hard-boiled eggs, peeled; Tips from 9 inner celery ribs; 6 sprigs dill | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: 3 glass pint jars with lids Bring the vinegar, 3/4 cup water, 3 tablespoons salt, the coriander seeds, mustard seeds, sugar, onions and chiles to a boil in a medium saucepan over medium heat, stirring to dissolve the salt and sugar. Reduce the heat, cover and let the brine simmer for 5 minutes. Meanwhile, pierce each egg all the way through about 6 times with a cake tester or toothpick. Put 2 eggs in each of 3 glass pint jars with lids, and tuck the celery and dill in around them. Ladle in enough brine to cover the eggs, add 2 more eggs to each jar and ladle in more brine to <END>
INPUT: Italian, favas, virgin olive oil, onion, garlic, pepper, Italian sausages
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fresh Pasta with Favas, Tomatoes, and Sausage | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1/2 cup finely chopped onion; 2 large garlic cloves, coarsely chopped; 1/8 teaspoon dried crushed red pepper; 1/2 pound Italian sausages, casings removed; 1/4 cup dry white wine; 1 3/4 cups chopped plum tomatoes; 1 cup shelled fresh fava beans (from about 1 pound), blanched 3 minutes then peeled, or double-peeled frozen, thawed; 3/4 pound fresh pasta sheets, cut as desired, or dried egg fettuccine; 2 tablespoons finely grated Pecorino Romano cheese plus additional for passing | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat oil in large saucepan over medium heat. Add next 3 ingredients. Sauté until onion is translucent, about 6 minutes. Add sausages; break up with fork. Sauté until brown, about 3 minutes. Add wine; simmer 1 minute, scraping up browned bits. Add tomatoes and fava beans. Sauté until tomatoes soften, about 5 minutes. Season sauce with salt and pepper. Meanwhile, cook pasta in large pot of boiling salted water until tender but still firm to bite. Drain, reserving 1/2 cup pasta cooking liquid. Return pasta to same pot. Add sauce to pasta. Toss over medium heat until sauce coats pasta, adding rese <END>
INPUT: winter, sauce, basic polenta, water, salt, cornmeal polenta, Fontina cheese
OUTPUT: TITLE: Broiled Polenta with Winter Tomato Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 recipe basic polenta, kept warm; 4 cups water; 1 teaspoon salt; 1 cup cornmeal or instant polenta; 1/4 pound Fontina cheese, preferable Italian, grated (about 1 cup); 2 tablespoons olive oil plus additional for brushing; 1 large onion; 1 garlic clove, chopped; a 28- to 32-ounce can whole tomatoes including juice; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh parsley leaves; Accompaniment: freshly grated Parmesan | INSTRUCTIONS: To prepare basic polenta: In a heavy saucepan bring water and salt to a boil and gradually whisk in cornmeal in a thin stream. Cook polenta over moderately low heat (it should be barely boiling), stirring constantly, until very thick and pulls away from side of pan, about 40 minutes for cornmeal and about 15 minutes for instant polenta. Remove pan from heat and cover to keep warm. Stir polenta just before using. Polenta will keep warm, covered, about 20 minutes. Makes about 3 cups. In a heavy saucepan bring water and salt to a boil and gradually whisk in cornmeal in a thin stream. Cook polenta <END>
INPUT: pancakes, blistered, old fashioned rolled, baking soda, cinnamon, fine salt, nutmeg
OUTPUT: TITLE: Banana Pancakes with Blistered Berries | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup old-fashioned rolled oats; 1/2 teaspoon baking soda; 1/2 teaspoon cinnamon; 1/2 teaspoon fine salt; 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground nutmeg; 2 ripe bananas; 3 large eggs, lightly beaten; 2 teaspoons honey; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1 cup blueberries; 1/2 cup toasted coconut flakes, optional; Maple syrup, for serving | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 200 degrees F. Add the oats to a food processor and process until they resemble coarse flour. Add the baking soda, cinnamon, salt and nutmeg. Pulse a few more time to mix together. Mash the bananas in a large bowl until smooth. Add in the eggs and mix well, then add the honey and vanilla and stir. Add the dry mixture to the wet and fold with a rubber spatula until a batter forms. Put a griddle on medium heat and grease with some of the butter. Drop 1/4 cup of the batter per pancake onto the griddle. Cook the pancakes on each side until golden brown, 2 to 3 minutes per side. <END>
INPUT: fudgy, muffins, organic coconut oil, light sugar, overripe bananas, unsweetened applesauce, pure vanilla extract
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fudgy Chocolate Banana Flax Muffins | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup organic coconut oil, softened to room temperature or melted; 1/4 cup packed light brown sugar; 4 medium overripe bananas, mashed; 2 tablespoons unsweetened applesauce; 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract; 1/4 cup water; 2 large eggs; 1 1/2 cups whole-wheat flour; 1/4 cup good-quality cocoa powder; 1/2 cup wheat germ; 2 tablespoons ground flaxseed; 1 1/2 teaspoons baking soda; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/3 cup semisweet chocolate chips, pulsed in food processor or chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350°F. Line a large muffin pan with paper liners. Using the paddle attachment on a stand mixer, a hand mixer, or two forks, cream the oil and sugar. Add the bananas, applesauce, vanilla, and water and beat until smooth. Beat in the eggs. In a separate large bowl, whisk together the flour, cocoa powder, wheat germ, flaxseed, baking soda, and salt. Add the wet ingredients to the dry ingredients and mix just until combined. Fold in the chocolate chips. Spoon the batter into the muffin liners until they are almost full. Bake for 12 to 15 minutes, or until a toothpick inserted i <END>
INPUT: soup, fennel bulb, unsalted butter, carrots, garlic, water
OUTPUT: TITLE: Carrot, Fennel, and Orange Soup | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 medium fennel bulb (sometimes called anise), stalks trimmed flush with bulb, and bulb sliced thin crosswise; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1 1/2 pounds carrots, sliced thin (about 4 cups); 1 garlic clove, sliced thin; 6 cups water; 1 teaspoon salt, or to taste; 1/3 cup fresh orange juice; 1/4 cup sour cream; Garnish: 1 tablespoon fresh chervil leaves or fennel fronds | INSTRUCTIONS: In a 3-quart heavy saucepan cook fennel bulb in butter over moderate heat, stirring, until softened and beginning to turn golden. Add carrots and garlic and cook, stirring, 1 minute. Add water and salt and simmer, covered, 20 minutes, or until carrots are very tender. In a blender purée mixture in batches with orange juice, sour cream, and salt and pepper to taste until smooth, transferring to another heavy saucepan. Heat soup, stirring, just until heated through (do not let boil). Serve soup garnished with chervil leaves or fennel fronds. In a 3-quart heavy saucepan cook fennel bulb in butter <END>
INPUT: Asian, roll, cavier, shallots, butter, Champagne, heavy cream, caviar
OUTPUT: TITLE: B.E.D. of Scallops and Nori " egg roll" with Champagne Cavier Sauce | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 2 medium shallots; 1 teaspoon butter; 2 cups Champagne; 1 cup heavy cream; 4 teaspoons caviar; Salt and pepper; 12 sea scallops; 2 teaspoon sesame oil; 4 large eggs; 1 baby bok choy, sliced fine; 1 medium carrot, peeled and julienne; 2 teaspoons sesame oil; 2 nori sheets; Orchid flowers and chives, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Sauce: In a saucepan, sweat the shallots in butter. Add the Champagne and heavy cream and bring to boil then reduce heat to a simmer for 10 minutes. Blend the sauce and strain. Sprinkle with salt and pepper. Keep warm and set aside. Scallops: Score all the scallops and season with salt and pepper. Heat up a saute pan with sesame oil and sear both sides of the scallops, 3 minutes on each side. "Nori" Egg Roll: Beat and season the eggs as if for scrambling. Sweat bok choy and carrots in sesame oil and season. Add the eggs and scramble until semi dry. Place nori in sushi mat and roll the scramble <END>
INPUT: Mexican, margarita, coconut puree, anejo tequila, lime juice, triple sec, simple syrup
OUTPUT: TITLE: Coconut Margarita | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2 ounces coconut puree, thawed; 2 ounces anejo tequila, such as Herradura; 1 ounce lime juice; 1/2 ounce triple sec; Dash of simple syrup; Crushed ice; Lime slice, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Combine the coconut puree, tequila, lime juice, triple sec and simple syrup in a cocktail shaker with crushed ice. Shake for 10 seconds. Strain into a martini glass and garnish with a lime slice. <END>
INPUT: rigatoni, meatballs, crusty bread, beef, pork, Parmesan, milk
OUTPUT: TITLE: Rigatoni and Meatballs | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 thick slices crusty bread; 12 ounces ground beef; 12 ounces ground pork; 3/4 cup freshly grated Parmesan, plus more for serving; 1/4 cup whole milk; 1/4 cup minced fresh flat-leaf parsley, plus more for serving; 3 cloves garlic, minced; 2 eggs, beaten; 1/4 teaspoon salt; Freshly ground black pepper; 1/2 cup olive oil; 1 yellow onion, diced; 1/2 cup red wine, optional; One 28-ounce can crushed tomatoes; One 28-ounce can whole tomatoes | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. For the meatballs: Preheat the oven to 200 degrees F. Place the bread on a baking sheet. Bake until totally dry, about 30 minutes. Break the bread into chunks. Pulse in a food processor until the bread turns into crumbs. Throw in the meat into a large mixing bowl. Add the breadcrumbs, Parmesan, milk, parsley, garlic, eggs, salt and some pepper. Use clean hands to mix together until well combined. Use a scoop to retrieve a small amount of the meat mixture, and roll it in your hands to make meatballs (about 25). Place on a pan and put the pan in the freezer for 10  <END>
INPUT: kosher salt, umeboshi plums, mirin, rice vinegar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pickled Napa Cabbage with Umeboshi Plums | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 (3-pound) head Napa cabbage, halved lengthwise, cored, and cut crosswise into1-inch-wide strips; 1/4 cup kosher salt; 6 umeboshi plums, pitted and minced; 1/4 cup mirin (Japanese sweet rice wine); 1/4 cup rice vinegar (not seasoned) | INSTRUCTIONS: Transfer cabbage to a large bowl and separate leaves, then toss with kosher salt. Let stand at room temperature, stirring occasionally, 1 hour. Stir together umeboshi plums, mirin, and rice vinegar in a small bowl. Rinse cabbage with cold water in a colander and drain. Firmly squeeze 1 handful cabbage several times to remove excess water and transfer to cleaned bowl. Repeat with remaining cabbage. Stir in umeboshi mixture, then chill, covered, stirring once or twice, at least 1 hour. Transfer cabbage to a large bowl and separate leaves, then toss with kosher salt. Let stand at room temperature <END>
INPUT: broccoli rabe, unsalted butter, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sauteed Broccoli Rabe | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 pounds broccoli rabe (1 bunch), hollow stems discarded; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 2 cloves garlic, chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook broccoli rabe in a large pot of boiling salted water until just tender, about 4 minutes, and drain in a colander. Melt butter in same pot over moderate heat, then cook garlic, stirring, until fragrant, about 30 seconds. Add broccoli rabe, tossing gently in butter to coat, and season with salt and pepper.; <END>
INPUT: hawaiian, pizza crust, cubed chicken breast, pineapple, ham, skim mozzarella
OUTPUT: TITLE: Hawaiian Pizza | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Prepared pizza crust (recommended: Boboli); 2 cups shredded or cubed cooked chicken breast; 1 cup diced pineapple; 1 cup diced baked ham; 1 cup shredded part-skim mozzarella; 1 cup shredded Monterey Jack or Pepper Jack cheese | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 450 degrees F. Place pizza crust on a baking sheet and top with all remaining ingredients, in the order listed. Bake 8 to 12 minutes, until cheese is melted and bubbly. <END>
INPUT: asian, sauce, Szechuan peppercorns, sake, shallots, ginger, rice vinegar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Seared Scallops and Asparagus with Asian Cream Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 1/2 teaspoons Szechuan peppercorns; 3/4 cup sake; 1/3 cup finely chopped shallots; 1/3 cup finely chopped fresh ginger; 3 tablespoons rice vinegar; 1/2 cup whipping cream; 12 asparagus spears, trimmed to 4-inch lengths; 10 large sea scallops; 1 tablespoon unsalted butter; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh chives | INSTRUCTIONS: Finely chop peppercorns in processor. Cook sake, shallots, ginger, vinegar and 1/2 teaspoon chopped peppercorns in small saucepan over medium heat until liquid is reduced to 2 tablespoons, about 15 minutes. Add cream; simmer until liquid coats spoon, about 6 minutes. Strain into another small saucepan. Cook asparagus in saucepan of boiling salted water 2 minutes. Drain. Refresh under cold water; drain. Sprinkle remaining chopped peppercorns over both sides of scallops. Season with salt. Melt butter in large nonstick skillet over high heat. Add scallops; cook until golden and almost cooked thro <END>
INPUT: kosher salt, cayenne pepper, garlic powder, paprika, oregano
OUTPUT: TITLE: Shrimp Po'Boy | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 1/2 teaspoons kosher salt; 1 teaspoon cayenne pepper; 1 teaspoon garlic powder; 1 teaspoon paprika; 1/2 teaspoon dried oregano; 1/2 teaspoon dried thyme; 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 1/2 teaspoon onion powder; Vegetable oil for frying; 1 1/2 pounds medium shrimp (about 36), peeled, deveined; 1 cup buttermilk; 1 1/2 cups all-purpose flour; 1 cup cornmeal; 4 8"-long French rolls, split horizontally; Rémoulade Sauce or mayonnaise | INSTRUCTIONS: Whisk first 8 ingredients in a small bowl to blend. Attach a deep-fry thermometer to side of a heavy wide pot. Add enough oil to measure 2". Heat over medium heat to 350°. Meanwhile, place shrimp and 2 tablespoons spice mix in a medium bowl and toss to coat. Pour buttermilk into another medium bowl. Whisk flour and cornmeal in another medium bowl. Dip seasoned shrimp briefly in buttermilk, then coat with flour mixture. Working in batches, fry shrimp, stirring occasionally, until golden brown and just cooked through, about 4 minutes per batch. Transfer to paper towels to drain. Open rolls and s <END>
INPUT: tarts, egg yolk, sour cream, sheet, marinated artichoke hearts, vine ripened cherry
OUTPUT: TITLE: Artichoke and Cherry Tomato Tarts | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 large egg yolk, beaten lightly; 1/4 cup sour cream; 1 sheet (1/2 pound) thawed frozen puff pastry, cut into two 4-inch squares and reserving the rest for another use; 1 cup quartered drained marinated artichoke hearts; 10 vine-ripened cherry tomatoes, halved; 1 teaspoon fresh thyme leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 400° F. and lightly flour a baking sheet. In a bowl whisk together yolk, sour cream, and salt and pepper to taste. Arrange pastry squares on baking sheet and spoon one fourth of mixture onto center of each. Top mixture with artichokes and tomatoes. Spoon remaining sour cream mixture over vegetables and sprinkle with thyme. Bake tarts in middle of oven until pastry is golden, about 12 minutes. Preheat oven to 400° F. and lightly flour a baking sheet. In a bowl whisk together yolk, sour cream, and salt and pepper to taste. Arrange pastry squares on baking sheet and spoon one four <END>
INPUT: linzer, cookies, pecans, all purpose flour, cinnamon, baking powder, table salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Blackberry-Pecan Linzer Cookies | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup toasted pecans; 1 cup all-purpose flour, plus more for dusting; 1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1/2 teaspoon baking powder; 1/4 teaspoon table salt; 1 stick (4 ounces) unsalted butter, at room temperature, cut into pieces; 1/3 cup packed light brown sugar; 1/4 cup granulated sugar; 1/2 teaspoon pure vanilla extract; 1 large egg yolk, at room temperature; 1 tablespoon grated orange zest (from 2 oranges); 1/4 cup seedless blackberry or raspberry jam | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: 2-inch and 3/4-inch round cookie cutters Add the nuts to the bowl of a food processor fitted with a blade and pulse until finely ground (it should be powdery and not a paste), about 15 pulses. Set aside. Whisk together the flour, cinnamon, baking powder and salt in a large bowl until evenly combined. Set aside. Put the butter and both sugars in the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with a paddle attachment and mix on medium speed until creamy and light, 2 to 3 minutes. Turn off the mixer, scrape down the sides of the bowl and add the vanilla and egg yolk. Mix until well incorpora <END>
INPUT: wholewheat, blinis, water, active yeast, milk, sour cream additional
OUTPUT: TITLE: Wholewheat Blinis with American Caviar | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons warm water (105°F to 115°F); 1/2 teaspoon active dry yeast; 3/4 cup whole milk, room temperature; 2 tablespoons (1/4 stick) unsalted butter, melted, cooled slightly; 2 tablespoons sour cream plus additional for serving; 1 large egg, separated; 1/8 teaspoon sugar; 1/8 teaspoon salt; 1/2 cup all purpose flour; 1/2 cup whole wheat flour; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh dill; Vegetable oil (for frying); 2 ounces American caviar | INSTRUCTIONS: Pour 3 tablespoons warm water into bowl. Sprinkle yeast over; stir to blend. Let stand until yeast dissolves, about 10 minutes. Whisk milk, melted butter, 2 tablespoons sour cream, egg yolk, sugar, and salt into yeast mixture. Add both flours; whisk until smooth. Cover with plastic wrap; let stand at room temperature until very small bubbles begin to form on top of batter, 2 1/2 to 3 hours (batter will not rise). Using electric mixer, beat egg white in another medium bowl until stiff but not dry. Fold beaten egg white and dill into batter. Brush griddle or large nonstick skillet with oil; heat <END>
INPUT: Mexican, enchiladas, vegetable oil, scallions
OUTPUT: TITLE: Easy Green Enchiladas | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon vegetable oil; 4 scallions, thinly sliced, greens and whites separated; 2 (15-ounce) cans ORTEGA® Black Beans, rinsed and drained; 1 (1.25-ounce) packet ORTEGA® Taco Seasoning Mix; 8 (8-inch) ORTEGA® Flour or Whole Wheat Tortillas; 2 cups shredded Mexican cheese blend; 1 (8-ounce) bottle ORTEGA® Thick and Smooth Green Taco Sauce; 1/2 avocado, pitted, peeled, and thinly sliced; 3 mini sweet peppers, thinly sliced | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 375°F. Heat the oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Add the scallion whites and cook, stirring, until just tender, about 30 seconds. Add the beans, taco seasoning, and 1 cup water. Cook, smashing the beans, until half are mashed and the mixture is thick, about 5 minutes. Divide the beans among the tortillas, spreading them in a line down the center of each. Sprinkle the bean mixture with half of the cheese. Roll up each tortilla and arrange snugly in a 3-quart shallow baking dish, seam side down. Pour the taco sauce on top and sprinkle with the remaining cheese. Cover  <END>
INPUT: cake, unsalted butter, all purpose flour, baking powder, baking soda, Fine sea salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Coconut Cream Cake | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 sticks unsalted butter, softened, plus more for pan; 3 cups all-purpose flour, plus more for pan; 1 1/3 teaspoon baking powder; 1/2 teaspoon baking soda; Fine sea salt; 1 2/3 cups granulated sugar; One 13.5-ounce can sweetened cream of coconut, well stirred (recommended: Coco Lopez); 4 large eggs, separated; 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract; 1 cup buttermilk; Coconut Cream Cheese Frosting, recipe follows; 1 1/2 cups sweetened shredded coconut mixed with 1 1/2 cups toasted sweetened shredded coconut; Two 8-ounce packages cream cheese, at room temperature; 1 1/4 sticks unsalted butter, softened; 2 1/2 cups confectioners' sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Butter and flour two 9-inch diameter cake pans with 2-inch high sides. Pour the flour, baking powder, baking soda and 1/2 teaspoon salt in a medium bowl. Use a whisk to stir together. This will get rid of any lumps and pseudo-sift the ingredients. In a separate large bowl, beat the sugar, butter and sweetened cream of coconut until fluffy and it resembles whipped cream, about 2 minutes. Beat in the egg yolks and vanilla extract. Scrape down the sides of the bowl and stir to incorporate all the ingredients. With the mixer on low  <END>
INPUT: Mexican, broth, vegetable oil, shallots, ginger, turmeric, cumin seeds
OUTPUT: TITLE: Clams in Spicy Coconut-Lime Broth | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon vegetable oil; 5 large shallots, chopped; 1 tablespoon chopped peeled fresh ginger; 1 teaspoon ground turmeric; 1/4 teaspoon cumin seeds; 2 pounds littleneck clams, scrubbed; 1 1/2 cups bottled clam juice; 1 cup canned unsweetened coconut milk; 1 cup diced canned tomatoes with juices; 1 jalapeño chile, seeded, chopped; 1 teaspoon grated lime peel; 3 tablespoons fresh lime juice; 2 green onions, sliced | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat 1 tablespoon vegetable oil in large Dutch oven over medium heat. Add chopped shallots and sauté until tender, about 3 minutes. Add 1 tablespoon ginger, 1 teaspoon turmeric and 1/4 teaspoon cumin and stir 1 minute. Add clams, clam juice, coconut milk, tomatoes with their juices, jalapeño and lime peel and bring to boil. Cover and cook until clams open, about 7 minutes (discard any that do not open). Stir in lime juice. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Transfer clams and sauce to bowl; sprinkle with green onions and serve. Heat 1 tablespoon vegetable oil in large Dutch oven over medium <END>
INPUT: Asian, munchkins, flour, baking soda, ginger, cinnamon, nutmeg
OUTPUT: TITLE: Ginger Munchkins | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 31/2 cups flour; 11/2 teaspoons baking soda; 11/2 teaspoons ground ginger; 11/2 teaspoons cinnamon; 1/2 teaspoon nutmeg; 1/2 teaspoon cardamom; 1/4 teaspoon ground cloves; 1/4 teaspoon allspice; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 1 cup molasses; 1/2 pound (2 sticks) unsalted butter, at room temperature; 1 cup sugar; 2 tablespoons hot water; 1 large egg, at room temperature; Royal Icing, recipe follows | INSTRUCTIONS: Mix together the flour, baking soda, ginger, cinnamon, nutmeg, cardamom, cloves, allspice and salt. In a small saucepan, heat the molasses until it begins to boil. Remove from heat and gradually add the butter. Next add the sugar and then add the water. Stir in egg, blending completely. Make a well in the middle of the flour mixture and pour in the molasses mixture. Blend completely. Turn mixture of dough out onto a floured surface and knead until smooth, do not over knead. Wrap and refrigerate overnight. Before rolling out cookies, preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Lightly oil cookie sheet or us <END>
INPUT: Italian, gratin, tomatoes, salt, pepper, corn kernels, milk
OUTPUT: TITLE: Corn and Tomato Gratin | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 lb red or yellow tomatoes (4 medium), cut crosswise nto 1/2-inch-thick slices; 2 teaspoons salt; 1 teaspoon black pepper; 4 cups fresh corn kernels (from 6 to 8 ears); 1 cup whole milk; 1/2 cup heavy cream; 2 cups fresh bread crumbs (preferably from a day-old baguette; an 8-inch piece, including crust); 1/2 cup chopped fresh basil; 1 oz finely grated parmesan (1/2 cup); 3/4 stick (6 tablespoons) unsalted butter, cut into small pieces, plus additional for buttering pan | INSTRUCTIONS: Arrange tomato slices in 1 layer on a rack set in a shallow baking pan and sprinkle on both sides with 1 teaspoon salt and 1/2 teaspoon pepper. Let drain 30 minutes. While tomatoes drain, bring corn, milk, cream, and 1/4 teaspoon salt to a simmer in a 2- to 3-quart heavy saucepan over high heat, then reduce heat and simmer, partially covered, until corn is tender, about 5 minutes. Cool slightly, uncovered. Put oven rack in upper third of oven and preheat oven to 375°F. Butter a shallow 2-quart baking dish. Toss together bread crumbs, basil, cheese, and remaining 3/4 teaspoon salt and 1/2 teasp <END>
INPUT: bolognese, virgin olive oil, onion, garlic, thyme, carrots
OUTPUT: TITLE: One-Pot Bucatini Bolognese | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1 medium onion, finely chopped; 3 cloves garlic, chopped; 3 sprigs fresh thyme; 2 medium carrots, finely chopped; 2 stalks celery, finely chopped; Kosher salt; 2 tablespoons tomato paste; 1 pound ground beef chuck (80- to 85-percent lean); Freshly ground black pepper; One 28-ounce can diced tomatoes; 12 ounces bucatini, broken in half (see Cook's Note); 1/4 cup grated Parmesan, plus additional for serving; 1/4 cup chopped fresh parsley, plus additional for serving | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat the olive oil in a 4-quart saucepan over medium-high heat. Add the onion, garlic, thyme, carrots, celery, and 1/2 teaspoon salt. Cook, stirring occasionally, until softened, 5 to 7 minutes. Add the tomato paste and cook 1 minute, stirring to coat the vegetables. Add the beef, 1 teaspoon salt, and 1/4 teaspoon pepper. Cook, breaking up the meat with a spoon, until browned, about 5 minutes. Add the canned tomatoes, bucatini, 3 cups water and 1 teaspoon salt. Stir to ensure the pasta is submerged in liquid. Bring to a boil and continue to cook, stirring frequently to keep the pasta from stic <END>
INPUT: burgers, mayo, round beef, pork, rosemary, sage, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Rosemary-Sage Burgers with Apple Slaw and Chive "Mayo" | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 lb extra-lean ground round beef; 1/2 lb lean ground pork; 1 tbsp chopped fresh rosemary; 1 tbsp chopped fresh sage; 1/4 tsp salt; 4 whole-grain buns; 1 cup baby spinach leaves; 1/2 cup nonfat sour cream; 2 tbsp chopped fresh chives; 2 dashes each salt and pepper; Apple slaw; 3 green apples, peeled, cored and grated; 2 tsp extra-virgin olive oil; 1 tsp fresh lemon juice; 1/4 tsp salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat grill to medium high. Combine beef, pork, rosemary, sage, and salt in a medium-sized bowl; form into 4 patties. In a small bowl, combine mayo ingredients. In a medium-sized bowl, combine slaw ingredients. Grill patties 4 minutes on each side or until juices run clear. Toast the buns and spread each top with mayo. Place burger on bun and top with slaw and several spinach leaves. Preheat grill to medium high. Combine beef, pork, rosemary, sage, and salt in a medium-sized bowl; form into 4 patties. In a small bowl, combine mayo ingredients. In a medium-sized bowl, combine slaw ingredients <END>
INPUT: Italian, Kosher salt, orecchiette pasta, virgin olive oil, bulb fennel, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spicy Shrimp Orecchiette | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: Kosher salt; 12 ounces orecchiette pasta; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, plus more for drizzling; 1 small bulb fennel, chopped, plus 1 tablespoon chopped fennel fronds; 2 cloves garlic, thinly sliced; 2 tablespoons tomato paste; 1/4 teaspoon red pepper flakes; 1 large tomato, chopped; 1/2 pound medium shrimp, peeled, deveined and roughly chopped 1/2 cup grated parmesan cheese; 1 cup torn fresh basil | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add the pasta and cook as the label directs. Reserve 1 1/2 cups cooking water, then drain. Meanwhile, heat 2 tablespoons olive oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Add the chopped fennel bulb and 1/2 teaspoon salt and cook, stirring occasionally, until golden brown, 6 to 8 minutes. Reduce the heat to medium and add the garlic, tomato paste and red pepper flakes. Cook, stirring, 2 more minutes (add a splash of water if the mixture is sticking). Stir in the tomato, shrimp, 1/2 teaspoon salt and 1 cup of the reserved cooking water. Bring to a  <END>
INPUT: salt, sugar, distilled vinegar, Chinese mustard greens, peanut oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Squid and Pickled Mustard Greens | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons salt; 2 tablespoons sugar; 2 tablespoons distilled vinegar; 2 pounds whole Chinese mustard greens, or stems only; 4 tablespoons peanut oil; 2 pounds squid, cleaned and thinly sliced; 2 teaspoons freshly grated ginger; Salt; 1 tablespoon dry sherry; 1 tablespoon sugar; 1/2 cup chicken stock; 1 teaspoon cornstarch, dissolved in 1 tablespoon cold water | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring 1 cup water to a boil, remove from heat, and add salt. Stir until dissolved, then stir in sugar and vinegar. Pour brine into a shallow glass or nonreactive container with a lid. Press the mustard greens into the brine, then add enough cold water to cover the greens. Cover the container and leave at room temperature for 3 days. (Or, you can buy pickled mustard greens from a Chinese grocery store.) Remove the greens from the brine, drain, and store in a glass jar in the refrigerator for up to 2 months. When ready to prepare the squid, rinse enough of the greens to get 2 cups, cut into 1/2- <END>
INPUT: oil, long grain rice, stock
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mom's Baked Rice | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 to 3 tablespoons oil; 1 cup long grain white rice; 2 cups stock | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Lightly brown the rice in oil in a 1-quart, ovenproof saucepan. Bring the stock to a boil and pour over the rice, take caution because this can create a lot of hot steam. Bake covered for 30 to 40 minutes, until rice is tender and fluffy. <END>
INPUT: bottles claret, sugar, lemon peel stuck, piece cinnamon, lemon slice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Hot Claret with Lemon | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 bottles claret; 3/4 cup sugar; 2 strips of lemon peel stuck with 2 cloves; 1-inch piece of cinnamon stick; Garnish: lemon slice | INSTRUCTIONS: In an enamel saucepan, combine the claret, sugar, clove-studded strips of lemon peel, and the cinnamon stick. Bring the mixture just to the boiling point over low heat, stirring constantly to dissolve the sugar, and strain it. Stir in the lemon juice. Pour the wine into eight 10-ounce heat-proof mugs, rinsed first with boiling water, and garnish each drink with a lemon slice. In an enamel saucepan, combine the claret, sugar, clove-studded strips of lemon peel, and the cinnamon stick. Bring the mixture just to the boiling point over low heat, stirring constantly to dissolve the sugar, and strai <END>
INPUT: sicilian, Olive oil, onion, cherry peppers, mushrooms
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken Sicilian | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 (8-ounce) boneless chicken breasts; Olive oil, for sauteeing; 1 cup chopped medium onion; 4 cherry peppers, seeded and sliced; 16 mushrooms, chopped; 3 cups black oil cured olives and capers; Dash paprika; 3 - 4 ounces butter | INSTRUCTIONS: Cut the chicken into pieces. Place a saute pan over medium-high heat. Add enough oil to lightly coat the bottom of the pan and heat. Add the chicken and brown on both sides. Add the onion and the cherry peppers. Discard any excess oil. Add the mushrooms, olives, and capers. Add a dash of paprika and 3 to 4 ounces lightly salted butter. Cook on a high flame until the butter is completely melted, mixing to keep the butter from separating. <END>
INPUT: mist, pineapple, ice, light rum, Maraschino cherry
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pineapple Mist | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 ounces crushed pineapple; 2 ounces crushed ice; 1 1/2 ounces light rum; Maraschino cherry | INSTRUCTIONS: Put the pineapple and ice in an Old-fashioned glass and mix lightly. Pour in the rum and decorate with the cherry. Put the pineapple and ice in an Old-fashioned glass and mix lightly. Pour in the rum and decorate with the cherry. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, sandwich, slaw, all purpose flour, chili powder, pepper, dark beer, grain stone mustard
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pan-Fried Catfish Sandwich with Chipotle-Lime Slaw | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup all-purpose flour; 1 1/2 tablespoons chili powder; 3 teaspoons freshly cracked black pepper, divided; 1/2 cup dark beer; 3/4 cup whole-grain or stone-ground mustard; 2 cups panko bread crumbs; 1 tablespoon granulated garlic; 1 tablespoon paprika; 1 teaspoon kosher salt; 1 pound catfish fillets (cut into 4 pieces); 1/2 cup mayonnaise; 1/2 cup sour cream; 2 limes, zested and juiced; 1 tablespoon chipotle in adobo; 1/2 teaspoon granulated sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Combine the flour, the chili powder and 1 teaspoon of the pepper in a shallow dish. Combine the beer and mustard in a separate shallow dish. Mix the panko, granulated garlic, paprika, salt and remaining pepper into a third shallow dish. Dredge the fish in the flour mixture and then the beer and mustard and lastly in the panko mixture. Arrange the fish on a sheet pan, lined with a cooling rack, and refrigerate until ready to cook. For the slaw: In a large bowl, whisk together the mayonnaise, sour cream, lime zest and juice, chipotle, sugar, vinegar and salt an <END>
INPUT: Italian, cake, olive oil more, skinned potatoes, oregano
OUTPUT: TITLE: Olive Oil and Oregano Potato Cake | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup olive oil plus more for oiling dish; 4 1/4 to 4 1/2 pounds medium red-skinned potatoes, each peeled and quartered; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh oregano, divided | INSTRUCTIONS: Oil 15x10x2-inch glass baking dish. Cook potatoes in large pot of boiling salted water until tender, about 18 minutes. Drain; return to same pot. Stir over low heat to dry, about 1 minute. Remove from heat. Add 1/2 cup oil. Mash until smooth; season to taste with salt and pepper. Mix in 1 tablespoon oregano. Spread in prepared dish; smooth top. Do ahead Can be made ahead. Let stand at room temperature 2 hours or cover and refrigerate overnight. Preheat oven to 350°F. Bake potatoes uncovered 30 minutes. Stir to distribute any crusty parts; press again to even layer. Bake until very hot and begi <END>
INPUT: Italian, salto, Olive oil flavored, Risotto Mushrooms Peas, Parmesan, low salt chicken, porcini mushrooms
OUTPUT: TITLE: Risotto al Salto | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: Olive oil flavored cooking spray; 1/2 cup Risotto with Mushrooms and Peas, recipe follows, cold; 1 to 2 tablespoons grated Parmesan; 8 cups canned low-salt chicken broth; 1/2-ounce dried porcini mushrooms; 1/4 cup unsalted butter; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 2 cups finely chopped onions; 10 ounces white mushrooms, finely chopped; 2 garlic cloves, minced; 1 1/2 cups Arborio rice or short-grain white rice; 2/3 cup dry white wine; 3/4 cup frozen peas, thawed; 2/3 cup grated Parmesan; Salt and freshly ground black pepper, optional | INSTRUCTIONS: Spray cooking spray into a small non-stick skillet over medium-high heat. Shape the risotto into a round patty and add to the skillet. Cook for 2 to 3 minutes until the risotto is golden brown on the bottom and set around the edges. Use a spatula to turn the risotto patty and cook for another 2 to 3 minutes. Slide the risotto onto a plate, sprinkle Parmesan on top and serve. Bring the broth to a simmer in a heavy medium saucepan. Add the porcini mushrooms. Set aside until the mushrooms are tender, about 5 minutes. Keep the broth warm over very low heat. Melt the butter in a heavy large saucepa <END>
INPUT: Italian, pasta, salad, ziti, asparagus, baby corn, oil sun tomatoes, parsley
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pasta Salad with Asparagus, Baby Corn, and Fresh Herbs | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound cooked ziti; 1 cup cooked asparagus; 1 can baby corn, drained; 1/2 cup diced oil-packed sun dried tomatoes; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh basil; 1/2 cup bottled Italian or Caesar dressing | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook pasta according to package directions. Drain and transfer to a large bowl. Add asparagus, corn, sun-dried tomatoes and parsley and toss to combine. Add dressing and toss to coat. <END>
INPUT: cookies, all purpose flour, salt, baking soda, creamy peanut butter, unsalted butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Peanut Butter and Jelly Cookies | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 cup all purpose flour; 3/4 teaspoon salt; 1/2 teaspoon baking soda; 1/3 cup creamy peanut butter; 1/2 stick unsalted butter, softened; 1/3 cup firmly packed brown sugar; 1 large egg; 1/2 teaspoon vanilla; 1/3 cup granulated sugar; 3 tablespoons grape jelly | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 375 degrees. In a bowl whisk together flour, salt, and baking soda. In another bowl whisk together peanut butter, butter, and brown sugar until smooth and whisk in egg and vanilla. Add flour mixture to peanut butter mixture, stirring until blended. Roll pieces of dough into 1-inch balls and roll in granulated sugar. On a large baking sheet arrange balls 2 inches apart and bake in middle of oven 10 minutes. Working quickly, with the back of a 1/4 teaspoon measuring spoon make an indentation about 1/2-inch in diameter in center of each cookie. Fill each indentation with slightly  <END>
INPUT: punch, Two bottles cranberry, unsweetened pineapple juice, ginger ale, seltzer water, pineapple spears
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cranberry Pineapple Punch | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Two 1-quart bottles chilled cranberry juice cocktail; A 1-quart 14-ounce can chilled unsweetened pineapple juice; 2 cups chilled ginger ale; 2 cups chilled seltzer water; Garnish: fresh pineapple spears, if desired | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large punch bowl, combine the cranberry juice cocktail, the pineapple juice, the ginger ale, and the seltzer water, add an ice block, and serve the punch in punch glasses, garnished with the pineapple. In a large punch bowl, combine the cranberry juice cocktail, the pineapple juice, the ginger ale, and the seltzer water, add an ice block, and serve the punch in punch glasses, garnished with the pineapple. <END>
INPUT: Italian, cobbler, parmesan, virgin olive oil, onion, garlic, basil, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tomato Cobbler with Parmesan-Basil Biscuits | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 4 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, plus additional for brushing; 1 medium onion, diced; 2 cloves garlic, minced; 2 large sprigs fresh basil; 1/8 teaspoon crushed red pepper; 3 large tomatoes (about 1 3/4 pounds), cut into 1-inch chunks; Kosher salt; 2 cups mixed cherry or grape tomatoes, halved; 3 tablespoons all-purpose flour; 1 cup mini mozzarella balls (ciliegine or halved bocconcini); 3/4 cup yellow cornmeal; 3/4 cup all-purpose flour; 2 teaspoons baking powder; 1 teaspoon sugar; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: For the tomato filling: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Heat 3 tablespoons of olive oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Add the onion and cook, stirring occasionally, until soft and lightly golden, about 5 minutes. Add the garlic, basil sprigs and crushed red pepper and cook, stirring occasionally for about 2 minutes, then add the chopped tomatoes and 1 1/2 teaspoons salt. Bring to a simmer and cook until the tomatoes just begin to soften, 4 to 5 minutes. Remove from heat and discard the basil sprigs. Add the cherry tomatoes and flour and gently stir to evenly coat. Check for seas <END>
INPUT: blackberry, bread, brioche, heavy cream, granulated sugar, Zest Meyer lemon, eggs
OUTPUT: TITLE: Meyer Lemon and Blackberry Bread Pudding with Meyer Lemon Whipped Cream | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 16 ounces brioche (weighed after crust removed) about 1 large loaf, cut into 1 1/2 -inch cubes; 3 3/4 cups heavy cream; 1 1/4 cups granulated sugar; Zest of 1 Meyer lemon; 6 large eggs; 2 large egg yolks; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; 1 1/2 pints fresh blackberries; 1 tablespoon Meyer lemon juice; Meyer Lemon Whipped Cream, recipe follows; 1 1/2 cups cold heavy cream; 1 1/2 tablespoons granulated sugar; 1 tablespoon Meyer lemon juice; Zest of 1 Meyer lemon; 1/2 teaspoon pure vanilla extract | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Place the bread cubes on a large baking sheet in a single layer and toast until lightly golden brown on all sides, turning a few times, about 15 minutes. Remove and let cool slightly. Bring cream, 1 cup of sugar, and lemon zest, to a simmer over medium heat. Whisk together the eggs and yolks in a medium bowl. Slowly whisk the warm milk into the eggs and add the vanilla. Transfer the bread cubes to a 9 by 15-inch baking dish, pour the custard mixture over and press on the bread to submerge in the custard. Let the mixture sit at room temperature for 30 minutes  <END>
INPUT: sauce, mint leaves, plain yogurt, garlic, lemon juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lamb Chops with Yogurt-Mint Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup fresh mint leaves, finely chopped; 1/2 cup plain yogurt; 1 garlic clove, minced; 1 teaspoon fresh lemon juice; 6 (1-inch-thick) rib lamb chops; 1 tablespoon olive oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Stir together mint, yogurt, garlic, lemon juice, and salt and pepper to taste. Pat half of lamb chops dry and season with salt and pepper. Heat oil in a 10-inch heavy skillet (preferably cast-iron) over moderately high heat until hot but not smoking, then sauté chops, turning once, 6 minutes for medium-rare. Transfer chops to a plate and keep warm, covered with foil. Dry, season, and sauté remaining chops in same manner. Stir together mint, yogurt, garlic, lemon juice, and salt and pepper to taste. Pat half of lamb chops dry and season with salt and pepper. Heat oil in a 10-inch heavy skillet  <END>
INPUT: mary, bacon, Three regular pork, ketchup, molasses, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mary's Baked Beans | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 strips thick-cut bacon; Three 16-ounce cans regular pork and beans; 1/2 cup ketchup; 1/4 cup molasses; 1/4 cup brown sugar; 2 tablespoons dry mustard; 1/2 medium onion, diced | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Add the bacon to a large skillet and fry over medium heat until browned, 8 to 10 minutes. Remove the bacon to a paper towel-lined plate and remove all but 4 tablespoons bacon fat from the skillet. Add the beans, ketchup, molasses, brown sugar, dry mustard and onions to an 8-by-8-inch casserole dish. Add in the bacon fat from the skillet. Lay the reserved bacon strips on top of the bean mixture. Bake until heated through, 30 to 45 minutes. <END>
INPUT: Asian, compote, lemon, shallot, figs, two pork loin, olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Boneless Pork Chops with Ginger, Fig, and Lemon Compote | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1 lemon; 1 medium shallot; 4 dried figs (preferably Calimyrna); two 1 1/4-inch-thick boneless pork loin chops (about 3/4 pound); 1 tablespoon olive oil; 1 teaspoon grated peeled fresh gingerroot; 1/3 cup water; 2 tablespoons dry white wine; 1 tablespoon unsalted butter; Garnish: lemon slices | INSTRUCTIONS: With a vegetable peeler cut 3 lengthwise strips of zest from lemon and cut strips crosswise into enough very thin slices to measure 1 packed teaspoon. Squeeze 2 tablespoons juice from lemon. Mince shallot and cut figs into 1/4-inch-thick slices. Pat pork dry and season with salt and pepper. In a skillet heat oil over moderately high heat until hot but not smoking and sauté pork until browned, about 1 minute on each side. Transfer pork to a plate and in fat remaining in skillet cook shallot and gingerroot, stirring, until fragrant, about 30 seconds. Add pork, water, wine, zest, lemon juice, and <END>
INPUT: Mexican, charred, salad, serrano chile, olive oil, lime juice, fish sauce, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Charred Padrón Chiles and Squid Salad | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 serrano chile, thinly sliced into rings; 3 tablespoons olive oil; 2 tablespoons fresh lime juice; 1 teaspoon fish sauce; 1/4 teaspoon sugar; Kosher salt, freshly ground pepper; 2 cups Padrón chiles or shishito peppers; 1 tablespoon plus 1 teaspoon vegetable oil; 1/2 pound squid, bodies sliced into rings, tentacles halved; 1 teaspoon Aleppo-style pepper; 1 cup cilantro leaves with tender stems; 1 cup basil leaves, torn if large | INSTRUCTIONS: Whisk serrano chile, olive oil, lime juice, fish sauce, and sugar in a small bowl to combine; season vinaigrette with salt and pepper. Very thinly slice 2 Padrón chiles into rings and add to vinaigrette. Let sit 10 minutes. Heat 1 Tbsp. vegetable oil in a large skillet over medium-high. Pat squid dry with a paper towel; sprinkle with Aleppo-style pepper and season with salt and pepper. Cook, undisturbed, until bottom side is golden brown, about 1 minute. Toss squid and continue to cook, tossing often, until cooked through, about 1 minute longer. Transfer to a medium bowl and wipe out skillet.  <END>
INPUT: cornmeal, self rising flour, Neely's Seasoning, garlic powder, eggs
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lobster Po' Boy | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup yellow cornmeal; 1 cup self-rising flour; 1 tablespoon Neely's Seasoning; 2 tablespoons garlic powder; 2 eggs, beaten; 1 cup milk; 1 teaspoon hot sauce; 2 tablespoons Creole mustard; 1 tablespoon yellow mustard; 4 frozen lobster tails, thawed and halved lengthwise; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 4 club rolls; Sliced tomato; Remoulade Sauce, recipe follows; 1 1/2 tablespoons yellow mustard | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat deep-fryer to 375 degrees F. In a shallow dish, mix together cornmeal, flour, Neely's Seasoning and garlic powder. In a second bowl whisk together eggs, milk, hot sauce and both mustards. Season the lobster with salt and pepper. Dredge lobster in egg wash and then through breading and gently place in deep-fryer and cook for 5 to 7 minutes until crispy and golden. Remove from fryer and drain on paper towels. Place on rolls with sliced tomato and serve with Remoulade Sauce. In a small bowl, mix together all ingredients until well combined. Chill and reserve. <END>
INPUT: Italian, lasagna, eggplants, olive oil, Kosher salt pepper, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Eggplant Lasagna | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: Cooking spray; 2 large eggplants, sliced lengthwise 1/3-inch thick; 3 tablespoons olive oil, divided; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 onion, minced; 1 small carrot, diced; 1 stalk celery, diced; 2 cloves garlic, minced; 1/8 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes; 1 pound lean ground turkey; One 28-ounce can crushed tomatoes; 1/4 cup loosely-packed fresh basil leaves, roughly chopped; 1 cup fat-free ricotta cheese; 7 ounces soft tofu, drained; 1 large egg, lightly beaten | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Spray three baking sheets with cooking spray. Arrange the eggplant in a single layer on the prepared sheet trays. Brush the eggplant on both sides with 2 tablespoons of the oil and sprinkle lightly with salt and pepper. Bake until soft, about 25 minutes. Heat the remaining tablespoon of oil in a large high-sided skillet over medium-high heat. Add the onion, carrot and celery and cook, stirring, until soft, about 6 minutes. Sprinkle with salt and pepper. Add the garlic and red pepper flakes and stir until fragrant, about 1 minute. Add the turkey and cook, stir <END>
INPUT: American, meatloaf, olive oil, onion, portobello cap, shiitake mushrooms, veal
OUTPUT: TITLE: Veal Meatloaf | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon olive oil; 1 white onion diced; 1 portobello cap diced; 2 cups shiitake mushrooms, stemmed and julienne cut; 2 pounds ground veal; 2 eggs, beaten; 1/2 cup chopped parsley; Salt and pepper to taste; 1 cup bread crumbs | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 400 degrees. Saute onions and mushrooms until wilted and onions are tender. Let cool completely. Mix all ingredients together, adding bread crumbs a little at a time until desired consistency. Generously oil 1 meatloaf tray. Pack mix into tray tightly to keep holes from being created in the loaf. Cover the tray with aluminum foil. Transfer the meatloaf to a pan with high sides and filled 1/4 with water. Bake for 1 to 2 hours, checking for doneness after 1 hour. Let stand at room temperature before removing from the pan. Cool then cover.; <END>
INPUT: American, torte, crust, all purpose flour, sugar, rosemary, Kosher salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tomato-Fontina Torte with Rosemary Crust | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups all-purpose flour, plus more for dusting; 2 tablespoons sugar; 2 teaspoons chopped fresh rosemary; Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper; 1 1/2 sticks (12 tablespoons) cold unsalted butter, cut into small pieces; 2 large eggs, plus 1 egg yolk; 2 1/2 to 3 pounds assorted heirloom tomatoes; 3 cups shredded fontina cheese (about 12 ounces); 1/2 cup grated pecorino romano or parmesan cheese; (about 1 ounce); 1/4 cup panko breadcrumbs; 1/3 pound thinly sliced capicola ham, cut into strips; 2 teaspoons extra-virgin olive oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine the flour, sugar, 1 teaspoon rosemary, 1/4 teaspoon salt and 1/2 teaspoon pepper in a food processor and pulse until just combined. Add the butter and pulse until the mixture looks like coarse meal. Whisk the eggs and egg yolk in a small bowl. With the motor running, add the eggs to the food processor and process until the dough just gathers into a ball. Turn out onto a lightly floured surface and gently knead until soft and pliable. Press the dough into the bottom and about halfway up the side of a 9-inch springform pan. Cover and refrigerate the crust until very cold, at least 1 hour <END>
INPUT: American, mini, Basic bread dough, Gruyere cheese, butter, coarse salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mini Grilled Cheese | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: Basic bread dough, recipe follows; Nonstick cooking spray; 12 ounces Gruyere cheese, thinly sliced; 1/2 cup butter, room temperature; 2 teaspoons coarse salt; 1 tablespoon active dry yeast; 2 tablespoon plus 1/2 teaspoon sugar; 1 3/4 cup warm (110 degree) water; 1 large egg; 2/3 cup plus 1 tablespoon powdered milk; 2 1/2 teaspoon salt; 4 1/2 to 4 3/4 cups bread flour; 1 cup unsalted butter, room temperature and cut into small pieces; 1 large egg yolk beaten with 1 tablespoon water, for egg wash; 1/4 cup poppy seeds | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: 4 long narrow 18-inch baking pans To make long narrow baking pans: Cut 18-inch foil pan into 4 1/2-inch by 17-inch piece. Fold long sides up twice by 7/8-inch. To close off ends, make 1-inch cuts along folds; fold center flap up and side flaps in. Spray with cooking spray. Repeat to make 3 more pans. To assemble: Slice bread 1/4-inch thick; cut cheese to fit. Place 1 piece cheese in each sandwich. Butter outside of sandwich. Cook on hot griddle until bread is golden brown and cheese is melted, about 1 minute per side. Sprinkle with salt and serve. To make the basic bread dou <END>
INPUT: wings, collard greens, vegetable oil, onions, carrots, smoked turkey wing
OUTPUT: TITLE: Collard Greens with Smoked Turkey Wings | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 bunch collard greens; 2 tablespoons vegetable oil; 3/4 cup minced onions; 1/2 cup diced carrots; 1 smoked turkey wing (cut in 4 pieces); 2 gallons chicken stock; 1/4 cup brown sugar; 1/4 cup balsamic vinegar; 1/4 cup diced tomatoes | INSTRUCTIONS: Cut bottom stems off collard greens up to the leaves. Stack 3 to 4 leaves. Roll leaves and cut crossways in 1/2-inch strips. Continue process until all leaves are cut. Wash cut leaves thoroughly. Add vegetable oil to large heavy pot. Once oil is hot add 1/2 cup minced onions, 1/2 cup carrots, and all 4 pieces of smoked turkey wing. Saute about two minutes. Add washed greens and chicken stock. Cover pot and cook for about 1 hour and 45 minutes, or until greens are tender. Once greens are tender, remove pot from stove. Add vinegar and sugar to collard greens. Stir greens. Let greens stand two mi <END>
INPUT: roast, vegetables, virgin olive oil, honey, sweet potatoes, parsnips, bulb fennel
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roast Turkey Breast With Glazed Vegetables | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1 tablespoon honey; 1 pound sweet potatoes, halved or quartered if large; 1 pound small parsnips, peeled and halved; 1 bulb fennel, thinly sliced, plus 2 tablespoons chopped fronds; 1 large red onion, cut into 8 wedges; 1/2 cup dried apricots; 2 to 3 sprigs rosemary, plus 1/2 teaspoon chopped rosemary leaves; Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper; 1 small clove garlic, minced; Grated zest and juice of 1/2 lemon; 1 skin-on, bone-in turkey breast half (3 1/4 to 4 pounds) | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Whisk 1 tablespoon olive oil, the honey and 2 tablespoons water in a bowl. Put the potatoes, parsnips, fennel slices, onion, dried apricots and rosemary sprigs in a roasting pan. Add 1/2 teaspoon each salt and pepper, drizzle with the honey mixture and toss. Roast until the vegetables soften, about 30 minutes, stirring once. Meanwhile, mix the remaining 1 tablespoon olive oil, the garlic, lemon zest and chopped rosemary in a small bowl. Rub the herb mixture under and over the turkey skin. Season with salt and pepper and bring the meat to room temperature. Pla <END>
INPUT: rolundo, smoked ham, swiss cheese, chiffonaded spinach, flour
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken Rolundo | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 (8-ounce) boneless, skinless chicken breast; 1/2 cup diced smoked ham; 1/2 cup shredded swiss cheese; 1/2 cup chiffonaded spinach; 1/2 cup flour; 1 egg; 1/2 cup seasoned bread crumbs; 2 tablespoons butter | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. Pound out chicken breast to about 1/4-inch. Combine equal amounts of spinach, ham and Swiss cheese and form a ball about the size of a grapefruit. Carefully wrap the flattened chicken breast around the ball mixture and put on sheet tray. Freeze rolundo until solid. Once frozen, roll in flour, shaking off excess. Beat egg in a shallow dish and dredge chicken, shaking off excess. Coat with seasoned bread crumbs and refreeze. When needed, remove from freezer and let rolundo thaw slightly. Once softened, cut into 1-inch medallions, top off with butter and bake for ab <END>
INPUT: bread, cornmeal, all purpose flour, sugar, baking powder
OUTPUT: TITLE: Buttermilk and Sour Cream Corn Bread | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup (1 stick) chilled unsalted butter, cut into 1/2-inch cubes, plus more for greasing; 2 cups yellow cornmeal; 3/4 cup all-purpose flour; 6 tablespoons sugar; 1 tablespoon baking powder; 1 1/4 teaspoons kosher salt; 1/2 teaspoon baking soda; 1 1/4 cups buttermilk; 1/3 cup sour cream; 2 large eggs | INSTRUCTIONS: Position a rack in the center of the oven and preheat to 400 degrees F. Butter a 9 by 9 by 2-inch metal baking pan. Blend the cornmeal, flour, sugar, baking powder, salt and baking soda in a processor for 5 seconds. Add the butter cubes. Blend until the butter is reduced to tiny pieces, 15 to 20 seconds. Whisk the buttermilk, sour cream and eggs in a large bowl to blend. Add the dry ingredients from the processor and stir until evenly moistened. Scrape the batter into the prepared pan. Bake the corn bread until the top is golden brown and a tester inserted into the center comes out clean, abou <END>
INPUT: Italian, pesto, flat leaf parsley, Juice lemons, Salt pepper, Parmigiano Reggiano cheese, virgin olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Parsley-Lemon Pesto | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 2 bunches fresh flat-leaf parsley, washed and thoroughly dried; Juice of 2 lemons; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1/2 cup/125 ml freshly grated Parmigiano-Reggiano cheese; 1 cup/250 ml extra-virgin olive oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Put the parsley on a cutting board and with a mezzaluna or sharp knife, finely chop. Put the parsley in a jar and add the freshly squeezed lemon juice. Add the salt, and black pepper, to taste, Parmigiano cheese, and extra-virgin olive oil. Mix well. <END>
INPUT: American, hand, pies, unsalted butter, pears, thyme leaves, Kosher salt pepper, puff pastry
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pear and Gruyere Hand Pies | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 2 1/2 cups diced pears (from about 2 Bosc pears); 1 tablespoon chopped fresh thyme leaves; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 pieces puff pastry (about 1 1/2 pounds), thawed if frozen; All-purpose flour, for rolling; 1 large egg, lightly beaten; 4 ounces grated Gruyere cheese | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large skillet, melt the butter over medium heat. Add the pears and the thyme and cook until the pears are tender and any juice has evaporated, 4 to 6 minutes. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Transfer to a plate to cool completely. Working with 1 sheet of puff pastry at a time, on a lightly floured surface, roll the dough out to a 10-by-15-inch rectangle. Trim about 1/8 inch off of each edge. Cut the dough into 6 equal squares. Transfer the squares to a parchment-lined baking sheet. Repeat with the remaining dough. Brush a 1-inch border of egg on each square. Divide the cheese among  <END>
INPUT: Asian, satay, chicken tenders, yogurt, curry powder, dashes hot sauce, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken Satay with Peanut Sauce | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 2 pounds chicken tenders; 1 cup yogurt; 1 tablespoon curry powder; 4 dashes hot sauce, or to taste; 2 cloves garlic, minced; 1 shallot, minced; 1-inch piece fresh ginger, minced; Kosher salt; 1 tablespoon vegetable oil; 1 tablespoon curry powder; 2 cloves garlic, minced; 1 shallot, minced; 1-inch piece fresh ginger, minced; 1/2 cup smooth peanut butter; 1/2 cup coconut milk | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: 20 wooden skewers For the chicken: Cut the chicken tenders into 2-inch pieces and put in a large container. Whisk together the yogurt, curry powder, hot sauce, garlic, shallot, ginger and some salt in a small bowl. Pour over the chicken, cover and marinate, refrigerated, for 1 to 2 hours. Meanwhile, soak the wooden skewers in water. When ready to cook the chicken, heat a grill pan over medium heat. Remove the chicken from the marinade and thread 2 pieces onto each skewer. Grill the chicken until cooked through with nice grill marks, 3 to 4 minutes per side. Let cool. Cover a <END>
INPUT: Indian, chickpeas, quick rice, roasted chicken breast, reserved roasted vegetables, yogurt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken Curry with Chickpeas | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 3 cups quick-cooking rice; 2 roasted chicken breast halves, about 1 pound; 1 (15-ounce) can chick peas, drained; 1 cup reserved roasted vegetables from Roasted Vegetable Stew; 1 cup yogurt; 1 teaspoon curry powder; 1 teaspoon ground cumin; 1/4 cup chopped fresh cilantro leaves; Salt and ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Prepare quick-cooking rice according to package instructions. Reserve 1 cup of cooked rice for later in the week. Cut chicken breasts into 1/2 to 1-inch pieces. Transfer chicken to a medium saucepan. Add chick peas, reserved roasted vegetables, yogurt, curry powder, and cumin and mix well to combine. Set pan over medium-low heat and cook 3 to 5 minutes to heat through. Remove from heat and stir in cilantro. Season, to taste, with salt and black pepper. Serve alongside rice. <END>
INPUT: spicy Cajun seasoning, seasoned bread crumbs, chicken tenderloins, vegetable oil, milk
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cajun Chicken Mustard | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 tablespoons plus 2 teaspoons spicy Cajun seasoning, divided; 2 cups seasoned bread crumbs; 1 pound chicken tenderloins; 1 cup vegetable oil; 2 cup milk; 4 ounces butter; 1 jar Dijon mustard | INSTRUCTIONS: Add the Cajun seasonings to the bread crumbs and toss the chicken tenders in the mix to coat well. Heat the oil until bread crumbs fry when sprinkled in. Fry the chicken until golden brown, about 1 minute. Bring the milk and the butter to a rapid boil, whisk in the mustard and heat. Add the chicken to the sauce and warm through, sprinkle with 2 teaspoons of Cajun seasoning and serve. <END>
INPUT: Italian, rubbed, beef short, plum tomatoes, garlic, vegetable oil, chili powder
OUTPUT: TITLE: Penne with Ragoût of Chili-Rubbed Short Ribs | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 3 pounds beef short ribs (sometimes called Flanken ); 1 1/2 pounds plum tomatoes, cut into 1/4-inch slices; 1 1/2 tablespoons minced garlic, mashed to a paste with 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1 tablespoon vegetable oil; 1 1/2 teaspoons chili powder; 3/4 teaspoon ground cumin; 1 pound penne or other tubular pasta; 10 Kalamata or green Spanish olives, pitted if necessary and chopped fine; 2 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce; 1/4 cup fresh parsley leaves, washed well, spun dry, and minced; 2 tablespoons freshly grated Parmesan | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 275°F. In a heavy casserole just large enough to hold short ribs in one layer spread tomato slices evenly. In a small bowl stir together garlic paste, oil, chili powder, and cumin and spread evenly on short ribs. Arrange short ribs on tomatoes and roast in middle of oven, covered tightly, 3 1/2 hours, basting once or twice after 1 hour. (Meat will give off juices as it cooks.) Transfer short ribs to a cutting board. Discard bones and gristle and chop meat. Chill meat, covered. Force tomato mixture through a food mill fitted with fine disk into a bowl. Chill tomato sauce, covere <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, wine vinegar, lemon juice, honey, olive oil, chicken broth
OUTPUT: TITLE: Orzo with Tomatoes, Feta, and Green Onions | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup red wine vinegar; 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 1 teaspoon honey; 1/2 cup olive oil; 6 cups chicken broth; 1 pound orzo (or riso); 2 cups red and yellow teardrop or grape tomatoes, halved; 1 7-ounce package feta cheese, cut into 1/2-inch cubes (about 1 1/2 cups); 1 cup chopped fresh basil; 1 cup chopped green onions; 1/2 cup pine nuts, toasted | INSTRUCTIONS: Whisk vinegar, lemon juice, and honey in small bowl. Gradually whisk in oil. Season vinaigrette with salt and pepper. (Can be made 2 days ahead. Cover and chill.) Bring broth to boil in large heavy saucepan. Stir in orzo, reduce heat to medium, cover partially, and boil until tender but still firm to bite, stirring occasionally. Drain. Transfer to large wide bowl, tossing frequently until cool. Mix tomatoes, feta, basil, and green onions into orzo. Add vinaigrette; toss to coat. Season with salt and pepper. (Can be made 2 hours ahead. Let stand at room temperature.) Add pine nuts; toss. Serve  <END>
INPUT: American, cobbler, ice, sweet vermouth, soda, Twist orange peel, Orange slice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sweet Vermouth Cobbler | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: Crushed ice; 3 ounces sweet vermouth; 3 ounces club soda; Twist orange peel; Orange slice | INSTRUCTIONS: Fill a goblet or highball glass three-quarters full with crushed ice; pour on the vermouth and club soda. Garnish with orange peel and orange slice. Fill a goblet or highball glass three-quarters full with crushed ice; pour on the vermouth and club soda. Garnish with orange peel and orange slice. <END>
INPUT: Italian, spread, Parmesan toasts, baguette, olive oil, Parmesan, pine nuts
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tomato Eggplant Spread and Parmesan Toasts | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: For Parmesan toasts; 1 baguette (about 15 inches long), cut diagonally into 1/4-inch-thick slices; 1/4 cup olive oil; 1/3 cup freshly grated Parmesan (about 1 ounce); 1/4 cup pine nuts; 6 tablespoons olive oil; 1 firm eggplant (about 11/4 pounds), cut into 1/2-inch cubes; 1 onion, chopped; 2 garlic cloves, 1 chopped and mashed to a paste with 1/2 teaspoon salt and 1 minced; 3 vine-ripened tomatoes (about 3/4 pound total), cut into 1/2-inch cubes; 1/2 cup packed fresh basil leaves, washed well, spun dry, and chopped; 1/3 cup packed fresh flat-leafed parsley leaves, washed well, spun dry, and chopped; 3 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 1/2 teaspoon sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: Make Parmesan toasts: Preheat oven to 325° F. On a large baking sheet arrange bread slices in one layer and lightly brush both sides of each slice with oil. Toast slices in middle of oven 15 minutes and turn over. Sprinkle slices with Parmesan and toast 15 minutes, or until golden. Transfer toasts to a rack and cool. Toasts may be made 2 days ahead and kept in a sealable plastic bag at room temperature. In a large heavy skillet toast pine nuts in 3 tablespoons oil over moderate heat until golden and with a slotted spoon transfer to a small bowl. In oil remaining in skillet sauté eggplant, onio <END>
INPUT: umbrian, basil leaves, virgin olive oil, mint, marjoram, wine vinegar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Umbrian-Style Veal Chops | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 packed cup fresh basil leaves; 1/2 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 1/4 packed cup fresh mint; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh marjoram; 2 tablespoons white wine vinegar; 1 tablespoon anchovy paste; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh rosemary; 1 teaspoon kosher salt; 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 2 cloves garlic, smashed; Juice from 1 large lemon (about 1/4 cup fresh lemon juice); 1/2 small red onion, roughly chopped; 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; Four 8-ounce 3/4-inch-thick bone-in veal rib chops; 1 teaspoon kosher salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. For the dressing: Place the basil, oil, mint, marjoram, vinegar, anchovy paste, rosemary, salt, pepper, garlic, lemon juice and onion in the bowl of a food processor. Blend until chunky. Let the mixture stand for 20 minutes. For the veal chops: Heat the oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Sprinkle the chops with the salt and pepper. Cook to medium rare, 10 to 12 minutes, turning the chops over halfway through the cooking time. Let the chops rest for 5 minutes. Spoon the dressing on top of the chops and serve. <END>
INPUT: mulled, allspice berries, peppercorns, star anise, cinnamon, piece ginger
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mulled Wine | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 whole allspice berries; 1 tablespoon whole black peppercorns; 2 whole star anise; 3 cinnamon sticks; One 1-inch piece fresh ginger, sliced; 3 large strips orange zest; 3 large strips lemon zest; Two 750-ml bottles red wine; 3/4 cup honey | INSTRUCTIONS: In the basket of a coffee percolator place the allspice berries, peppercorns, star anise, cinnamon sticks, ginger and citrus zest. Pour the wine and honey into the percolator. Attach basket, cover and let percolate for 1 to 2 hours. Serve hot. <END>
INPUT: Italian, clarified butter, spinach greens, smoked ham, scallions, eggs
OUTPUT: TITLE: Green Eggs and Ham | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons clarified butter; 1/2 cup fresh spinach greens, washed and dried; 1/4 cup smoked ham, diced; 1/8 cup scallions, chopped; 3 eggs, whisked; 1 heaping tablespoon Spinach Pesto, recipe follows; Salt and freshly cracked black pepper; 1 1/2 cups packed fresh spinach greens, washed and dried; 1/4 cup fresh basil leaves; 4 cloves roasted garlic, chopped; 1/4 cup grated Parmesan, optional; 1 cup extra-virgin olive oil; Salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat the butter in a medium skillet over medium-high heat. Add the spinach, ham, and scallions to the skillet, stirring with a wooden spoon to combine. Cook for 2 minutes, and then pour the eggs over the spinach mixture. Allow the eggs to begin to set, and then add pesto, salt, and pepper. Stir together until eggs are cooked evenly. Serve with favorite breakfast accompaniments. Add the spinach, basil, garlic, and cheese, if using, to a food processor and begin to pulse on low speed. Slowly add the olive oil while the processor is running. Pulse until the ingredients are blended into a smooth s <END>
INPUT: Mexican, salsa, plum tomatoes, serrano chiles, onion, cilantro, lime juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tomato-Serrano Salsa | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound plum tomatoes, cored, finely chopped (about 2 cups); 2 serrano chiles, seeded, minced; 1 medium white onion, minced (about 1 cup); 3 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro; 3 tablespoons fresh lime juice; Kosher salt; Tortilla chips (for serving) | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine tomatoes and chiles in a medium bowl. Place minced onion in a strainer; rinse under cold water for 10 seconds. Drain well and add to bowl with tomatoes. Stir in cilantro and lime juice. Season with salt. Serve with tortilla chips. DO AHEAD: Can be made 1 day ahead. Cover and chill (salsa will get hotter the longer it sits). Combine tomatoes and chiles in a medium bowl. Place minced onion in a strainer; rinse under cold water for 10 seconds. Drain well and add to bowl with tomatoes. Stir in cilantro and lime juice. Season with salt. Serve with tortilla chips. DO AHEAD: Can be made 1 day <END>
INPUT: vichyssoise, butter, leeks, vegetable broth, russet potato, whipping cream
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chive and Cucumber Vichyssoise | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon butter; 2 leeks (white and pale green parts only), sliced (about 2 cups); 2 1/4 cups canned vegetable broth; 1 6-ounce russet potato, peeled, cut into 1-inch pieces; 1/2 cup whipping cream; 1 8-ounce cucumber, peeled, seeded, cut into 1/2-inch pieces (1 1/3 cups); 1 cup chopped fresh chives; 2 large radishes, cut into matchstick-size strips (optional) | INSTRUCTIONS: Melt butter in heavy medium saucepan over medium heat. Add leeks; sauté just until soft but not yet brown, about 5 minutes. Add broth and potato. Simmer until potato is very tender, about 12 minutes. Using slotted spoon, transfer potato and leeks to blender. Add half of cooking liquid and blend to coarse puree. Add cream and blend, using on/off turns. Transfer to large bowl. Combine cucumber, chives and remaining cooking liquid in blender; puree until smooth. Mix into leek puree. Season with salt and pepper. Chill, at least 4 hours and up to 6 hours. Stir soup and ladle into bowls. Garnish wit <END>
INPUT: Italian, thai, lettuce, vegetable other light, shrimp, garlic, ginger root
OUTPUT: TITLE: Thai Shrimp Curry with Chopped Lettuce and Basil-Lime Couscous | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons vegetable or other light oil, eyeball it; 1 1/2 pounds large shrimp, peeled and deveined with tails removed; 6 ounces, about 1/3 pound, shiitake mushrooms, stemmed and thinly sliced; 3 cloves garlic, grated or finely chopped; 1-inch ginger root, peeled and grated or finely chopped; 4 scallions, chopped into 1-inch pieces, whites and greens; Salt and pepper; 2 tablespoons mild or hot red curry paste; 2 roasted red peppers, sliced; 1 cup "light" or unsweetened coconut milk; 1 cup frozen peas; 1 1/2 cups chicken stock; 1 tablespoon butter; 1 lime, zested and juiced; 1 1/2 cups couscous | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat a couple of tablespoons of vegetable oil over high heat. Add shrimp and toss 2 minutes then add the mushrooms, garlic, ginger, scallions, salt and pepper and cook 3 to 4 minutes more tossing constantly. Stir in curry paste, roasted red pepper and coconut milk and reduce heat to low. Simmer a few minutes then stir in peas to heat through. In a sauce pot bring chicken stock, butter and the lime zest to a boil. Add couscous and stir. Turn off heat, cover pot and let stand. Add basil and the lime juice to the pot and fluff with a fork. Serve couscous topped with a layer of chopped lettuce the <END>
INPUT: cocktail, gunpowder tea regular, piece ginger, wide, sugar, mint
OUTPUT: TITLE: Gin and Mint Tea Cocktail | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon plus 1 teaspoon gunpowder green tea or regular green tea; 1 2-inch piece ginger, peeled, thinly sliced; 3 wide (2-inch) strips orange zest; 1/2 cup sugar; 1/2 cup coarsely chopped mint, plus sprigs for serving; 1 cup London dry gin; 1/2 cup fresh lemon juice, plus lemon wheels for serving | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring 3 cups water to a simmer in a small saucepan. Remove from heat, add tea, and let steep 3 minutes. Strain through a fine-mesh sieve into a medium bowl, then return tea to saucepan. Add ginger, orange zest, sugar, and 1/2 cup mint; return to a simmer over medium heat, stirring occasionally to dissolve sugar. Let cool. Strain tea syrup through a fine-mesh sieve into a pitcher, pressing on solids; discard solids. Stir in gin and lemon juice and chill until cold, about 1 hour. Serve in rocks glasses filled with ice garnished with lemon wheels and mint sprigs. Bring 3 cups water to a simmer in <END>
INPUT: beef brisket, kosher salt, pepper, garlic, oregano leaves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Brisket with Carrots and Onions | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 to 7 pounds beef brisket; 2 tablespoons kosher salt; 2 teaspoons freshly ground black pepper; 1 tablespoon minced garlic (4 cloves); 2 teaspoons dried oregano leaves; 1 pound carrots, peeled and cut into 2-inch chunks; 8 stalks celery, cut into 2-inch chunks; 6 yellow onions, peeled and sliced; 6 fresh or dried bay leaves; 1 (46-ounce) can tomato juice | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Place the brisket in a heavy roasting pan. In a small bowl, combine the salt, pepper, garlic, and oregano. Rub the mixture on the brisket. Pile the carrots, celery, onions, and bay leaves on the brisket and pour in enough tomato juice to come about 3/4 of the way up the meat and vegetables. Cover the top of the pan with 2 sheets of parchment paper, then with aluminum foil. (The tomato juice will react unpleasantly with the aluminum foil if they touch.) Bake for 3 1/2 hours, or until the meat is tender. Remove the meat from the p <END>
INPUT: Asian, Light Vegetable Broth, water, cilantro, shiitake mushrooms, ginger
OUTPUT: TITLE: Udon with Mushroom Broth, Cabbage, and Yams | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 10 cups Light Vegetable Broth or good-quality canned vegetable broth (such as Swanson); 3 cups water; 1 1/2 cups coarsely chopped fresh cilantro; 1 1/2 ounces dried shiitake mushrooms, rinsed; 3/4 cup thinly sliced peeled fresh ginger; 2 lemongrass stalks, outer dark layers removed, all but bottom 4 inches cut off and discarded; 2 6-inch strips dried kombu; 2 teaspoons tamari soy sauce; 1 teaspoon unseasoned rice vinegar; 2 cups 1/2-inch cubes peeled yams (red-skinned sweet potatoes); 5 ounces snow peas, trimmed; 4 cups 1/2-inch-wide crosswise slices cored Napa cabbage; 5 ounces slender carrots (preferably assorted colors), peeled, thinly sliced on diagonal; 10 ounces Japanese-style udon noodles or soba noodles; 1 cup sliced green onions | INSTRUCTIONS: For broth: Bring broth and 3 cups water to simmer in large pot over medium heat. Add cilantro, mushrooms, sliced ginger, and lemongrass. Cover; simmer until mushrooms are tender, about 30 minutes. Rinse kombu; add to broth. Simmer 1 minute. Using tongs, remove kombu and mushrooms; discard kombu. Transfer mushrooms to work surface; cut off stems and discard. Cut each mushroom into 3 to 4 strips. Strain broth through fine-mesh strainer into another large pot; discard solids in strainer. Add tamari and rice vinegar to broth. DO AHEAD: Can be made 1 day ahead. Cover and chill mushrooms. Cool, cove <END>
INPUT: American, steak, gravy, beef sirloin, egg, Worcestershire sauce, shallot, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chopped Steak and Mushroom Onion Gravy | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 pounds ground beef sirloin; 1 egg, lightly beaten; 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce; 1 shallot, finely chopped; 1 clove garlic, finely chopped; 3 tablespoons finely chopped parsley leaves; 1/2 teaspoon ground mustard; 2 tablespoons panko bread crumbs; 1/4 cup all-purpose flour; Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper; 1 tablespoon canola oil; 1 tablespoon butter; 2 tablespoons butter; 8 ounces crimini mushrooms, cleaned well and quartered; 1 small onion, minced | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Combine the ground beef, egg, Worcestershire, shallots, garlic, parsley, ground mustard, bread crumbs, flour, and salt and pepper, to taste, in a large bowl. Shape the mixture into 6 equal-sized oval patties and set aside on a plate. Heat a large frying pan over medium heat and add the canola oil and butter. When the butter foams add the patties and brown, about 3 to 4 minutes per side. Transfer the patties to a 13 by 9-inch baking dish. Drain all of the fat from the pan but leave any browned bits. Return the pan to medium heat  <END>
INPUT: French, quiche, all purpose flour, vegetable shortening, salt, ice water
OUTPUT: TITLE: Crab Quiche | CUISINE: French | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/4 cups all-purpose flour; 3/4 stick (6 tablespoons) cold unsalted butter, cut into 1/2-inch cubes; 2 tablespoons cold vegetable shortening; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 3 to 4 tablespoons ice water; 1 (1-lb) king crab leg, thawed if frozen, or 1/2 lb lump crabmeat, picked over; 4 large eggs; 2 cups heavy cream; 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh chives; 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh parsley; 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh cilantro; 1/2 teaspoon seafood seasoning such as Paul Prudhomme's; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/4 teaspoon black pepper; 1/8 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg | INSTRUCTIONS: Make pastry: Blend together flour, butter, shortening, and salt in a bowl with your fingertips or a pastry blender (or pulse in a food processor) just until most of mixture resembles coarse meal with some roughly pea-size butter lumps. Drizzle evenly with 3 tablespoons ice water and gently stir with a fork (or pulse in processor) until incorporated. Squeeze a small handful: If it doesn't hold together, add more ice water, 1/2 tablespoon at a time, stirring (or pulsing) until just incorporated, then test again. (Do not overwork mixture, or pastry will be tough.) Turn out mixture onto a work sur <END>
INPUT: spiced, mexican, water, vanilla bean, sugar, cinnamon, espresso
OUTPUT: TITLE: Hot Spiced Mexican Hot Chocolate with Ice Cream Dusted with Chili Powder | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 cup water; 1 vanilla bean (or 1 teaspoon vanilla extract); 3/4 cup sugar; 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1 heaping tablespoon instant espresso; Pinch salt; 2 1/2 ounces bittersweet chocolate, the best quality possible, grated; 2 cups whole milk; Vanilla ice cream; Chili powder | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring water to a boil in a saucepan. Split the vanilla bean and add to the boiling water. Add sugar, cinnamon, espresso, and a pinch of salt. Simmer for 1 minute and add the bittersweet chocolate. Whisk until it gets thick. Add milk and simmer 1 minute. Serve immediately with a dollop of vanilla ice cream and a sprinkling of chili powder on top. You may make this ahead and reheat. Make sure to either whisk it or blend it in a blender to make it light and foamy before serving. (The classic Mexican chocolate was whisked with a special wooden tool called a 'molinillo'.) <END>
INPUT: Italian, fruit, Canola oil, plums, peaches, Low fat ricotta, Honey
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Fruit with Honey and Ricotta | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: Canola oil; 2 plums, halved and pitted; 2 peaches, halved and pitted; Low-fat ricotta cheese; Honey, for drizzling | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat a grill pan over high heat. Spray pan lightly with canola oil. Grill fruit, cut side down, until marked and softened, about 3 to 5 minutes. Serve with a dollop of ricotta cheese and drizzle with honey. <END>
INPUT: panna, cotta, quinces, chamomile tea, wide lemon zest, sugar, vanilla bean
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chamomile Panna Cotta With Quince | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Small quinces (about 3 pounds); 1 bag chamomile tea; 4 wide strips lemon zest; 1 cup sugar; 1/2 vanilla bean, split lengthwise; 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice; 1 cup plain whole-milk Greek yogurt; 1 1/2 cups heavy cream; 1 1/2 cups whole milk; 2/3 cup sugar; Pinch of kosher salt; 4 bags chamomile tea; 1/2 vanilla bean, split lengthwise; 2 teaspoons unflavored powdered gelatin; Eight 6-ounce glasses or ramekins | INSTRUCTIONS: Poached Quince: Rub quinces with a damp paper towel to remove fuzz. Cut 4 quinces into large pieces (no need to peel, core, or remove seeds); set remaining 2 quinces aside. Place quince pieces in a large saucepan and add cold water to cover. Bring to a boil, reduce heat, and simmer, adding more water as needed to keep covered, until quinces are very soft, 60–75 minutes. Straincooking liquid into a large bowl; discard solids. Wipe out saucepan and reserve. Meanwhile, peel reserved quinces and cut flesh off of cores into 4 lobes (be careful; core is very hard). Place in reserved saucepan and add <END>
INPUT: Italian, vinaigrette, sun tomatoes, orange juice, virgin olive oil, apple cider vinegar, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fusilli with Sun-Dried Tomato Vinaigrette | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup sun-dried tomatoes; 1/4 cup fresh-squeezed orange juice (about 1 medium orange); 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1 tablespoon apple cider vinegar; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; Salt; One 8-ounce package gluten-free ancient grain fusilli pasta, such as TruRoots; 3 cups chopped baby arugula; 3/4 cup pitted Kalamata olives, chopped; 1/2 cup packed fresh basil leaves, chopped; 7 ounces fresh mozzarella, cut into 1/3-inch dice | INSTRUCTIONS: For the vinaigrette: Place the sun-dried tomatoes in a food processor and pulse to chop. Add the orange juice, olive oil, vinegar, salt and pepper. Process to a slightly chunky, relatively thick puree. To assemble: In a large pot of boiling salted water, cook the pasta according to package directions. Drain and rinse in cold water. In a large bowl, toss the cooked pasta together with the arugula, olives, basil, mozzarella and the vinaigrette. Serve. <END>
INPUT: American, Kosher salt pepper, Good olive oil, stilton cheese, cream cheese
OUTPUT: TITLE: Rib-Eye Steaks With Stilton Sauce | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 4 (1 1/4-inch-thick) rib-eye steaks, either boneless or bone-in; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; Good olive oil; 4 ounces stilton cheese, crumbled; 8 ounces cream cheese, at room temperature; 1/2 cup good mayonnaise; 1/2 cup sour cream; 1 tablespoon chopped scallions, white and green parts; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1/4 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce | INSTRUCTIONS: Thirty minutes before grilling the steaks, remove them from the refrigerator and allow them to come to room temperature. Heat a grill with coals. When the coals are hot, spread them out in the grill in one solid layer. Pat the steaks dry on both sides with paper towels and sprinkle them liberally with salt and pepper. Place the steaks on the hot grill and sear them on each side for 2 minutes, until browned. Brush each side lightly with olive oil. Place the lid on the grill and allow the steaks to cook for another 3 to 4 minutes, until they are cooked rare, or 120 degrees F on a meat thermomete <END>
INPUT: American, filling, Bartlett pears, sugar, cinnamon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pears in Red Wine with a Fresh Cheese Filling | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 6 ripe Bartlett pears; 1 (750 ml) bottle full-bodied red wine; 1/2 cup sugar; 2 cinnamon sticks; 1 (1-inch) wide strip orange peel; 3 ounces cream cheese; 1/4 cup sugar; 1 teaspoon brandy; 1/4 cup heavy cream, whipped; 1 pint strawberries, tops removed; 1/4 cup sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: Pears: Peel the pears and core them whole using a melon baller to scoop out the pulp from the bottom. In a large saucepan, place the wine, sugar, cinnamon sticks and orange peel and bring to a boil. Turn the heat down to low and add the pears. Simmer them for about 30 minutes until fork tender. Baste the pears occasionally to make sure they absorb the wine evenly. Remove the pears from the poaching liquid, remove the cinnamon stick and reduce the liquid to 1 cup. Set it aside to cool. Filling: Place the cream cheese, sugar and brandy in a food processor and blend. Transfer it to a bowl and fol <END>
INPUT: Asian, satay, cashews, coriander seeds, shallots, garlic, piece ginger
OUTPUT: TITLE: Beef Satay with Pickled Cucumber Salad | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup cashews; 1 teaspoon coriander seeds; 2 shallots, chopped; 2 cloves garlic, chopped; 1-inch piece fresh ginger, peeled and chopped; 1 tablespoon sambal oelek or other Asian chili paste; 2 tablespoons fish sauce; 2 tablespoons brown sugar; 1/4 cup fresh lime juice; 1 1/2 pounds boneless beef tri-tip; Vegetable oil, for grilling; Pickled Cucumber Salad, recipe follows; Lime wedges, for serving; 1 teaspoon coriander seeds; 1 cup rice wine vinegar | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: 12 wooden skewers, soaked in water for at least 20 minutes 1. In a small heavy skillet, combine the cashews and coriander seeds and place over medium heat. Cook, shaking the skillet frequently, until the cashews are lightly browned and the coriander is fragrant, 3 to 5 minutes. 2. In a food processor, combine the toasted cashews, coriander, shallots, garlic, ginger, sambal, fish sauce, brown sugar, and lime juice; process until almost smooth. 3. Slice the beef against the grain into 1/4-inch thick slices. Thread the beef onto the skewers. Coat the beef with the cashew mixtur <END>
INPUT: American, sundaes, packaged brownie mix, M&M's, vanilla ice cream, hot fudge sauce, whipped cream
OUTPUT: TITLE: Brownie Sundaes | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 packaged brownie mix, prepared according to directions; 2/3 cup M&M's; 1/2 gallon vanilla ice cream; 1 jar hot fudge sauce; 1 can whipped cream; Colored sprinkles | INSTRUCTIONS: Prepare brownies according to package direction and sprinkle with M&M's before baking. Cool and cut into squares. Serve with ice cream, fudge sauce, whipped cream and sprinkles. <END>
INPUT: wine, pepper flakes, kosher salt, olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Braised Artichokes With Tomatoes and Mint | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 (28-ounce) can whole peeled tomatoes, preferably Italian San Marzano, drained; 1 1/2 cups dry white wine; 1/2 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes; 2 teaspoons kosher salt, plus more; 1 cup olive oil, divided; 12 salt-packed anchovy fillets, rinsed, patted dry; 8 garlic cloves; 1 cup (lightly packed) mint leaves; 6 medium artichokes; 2 lemons, halved | INSTRUCTIONS: Place tomatoes in a large Dutch oven or other heavy pot, crushing with your hands; add wine, red pepper flakes, 2 tsp. salt, 1/2 cup oil, and 2 cups water; set aside. Pulse anchovies and garlic in a food processor until finely chopped. Add mint and pulse until coarsely chopped. With the motor running, stream in remaining 1/2 cup oil; process until a coarse paste forms. Set pesto aside. Remove several layers of dark-green outer leaves from artichokes (keep going until you get to the tender light-green leaves). Using a serrated knife, cut off top 1" of artichokes and trim stem ends. Rub cut ends <END>
INPUT: Italian, pretzels, active yeast, agave nectar, wheat flour, all purpose flour, sea salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pesto Pretzels | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 tablespoons dry active yeast; 1 tablespoon agave nectar; 2 1/2 cups whole-wheat flour; 2 3/4 cups all-purpose flour, plus more for dusting; 1 teaspoon sea salt, plus more for sprinkling; 2 large eggs; 1 1/4 cups cream cheese, softened; 1/2 cup pesto; Dried basil, for sprinking | INSTRUCTIONS: Mix 1 1/2 cups warm water (110 degrees F to 115 degrees F), the yeast and agave in a bowl. Set aside 5 minutes. In a food processor fitted with the dough blade, pulse the whole-wheat flour, 2 cups all-purpose flour and the sea salt. Add 1 egg and the yeast mixture and pulse in 10-second intervals until the dough comes together, about 3 pulses. Turn out onto a floured board. Knead 10 to 12 times, adding up to 3/4 cup more flour if the dough is too sticky. Cut the dough into 4 equal portions; cover with a clean towel. On a floured board, roll out one piece of dough into a 14-by-11-inch rectangle <END>
INPUT: semi quail, Worcestershire sauce, olive oil, thyme, all purpose flour
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sauteed Quail with Shiitake Port Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 semi-boneless quail*; 4 teaspoons Worcestershire sauce; 2 tablespoons plus 1 teaspoon olive oil; 1/4 teaspoon dried thyme, crumbled; 1 cup all-purpose flour; 2 tablespoons paprika; 1 tablespoon unsalted butter; 4 fresh large shiitake mushrooms, stems discarded and caps sliced thin; 1 small garlic clove, minced; 1 cup chicken broth; 1/4 cup Tawny Port; 1/4 teaspoon balsamic vinegar; *available at butcher shops and some supermarkets | INSTRUCTIONS: Sprinkle each quail with 1/2 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce, 1 teaspoon oil, thyme, and salt and pepper to taste and rub gently into cavity and skin. In a resealable plastic bag set in a shallow pan marinate quail, chilled, at least 4 hours or overnight. Preheat oven to 300°F. Line a plate with wax paper. Pat quail dry inside and out and in a shallow dish combine flour, paprika, and salt and pepper to taste. Dredge quail in mixture, 1 at a time, shaking off excess, and transfer to prepared plate. Heat a large heavy skillet (preferably cast iron) over moderately high heat until hot and add remai <END>
INPUT: Mexican, chutney, serrano chiles, garlic, cilantro leaves tender, flat leaf parsley, cumin
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cilantro-Parsley Chutney | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 6 serrano chiles, seeded,chopped; 4 garlic cloves, chopped; 1 1/2 cups fresh cilantro leaves with tender stems; 1 1/2 cups fresh flat-leaf parsley leaves with tender stems; 1 teaspoon ground cumin; Pinch of ground cardamom; 3/4 cup olive oil, divided; Kosher salt; Freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Pulse chiles, garlic, cilantro, parsley, cumin, cardamom, and 1/4 cup oil in a food processor until very finely chopped. Transfer chutney to a medium bowl and mix in remaining 1/2 cup oil; season with salt and pepper. Do Ahead: Chutney can be made 3 days ahead; cover and chill. Pulse chiles, garlic, cilantro, parsley, cumin, cardamom, and 1/4 cup oil in a food processor until very finely chopped. Transfer chutney to a medium bowl and mix in remaining 1/2 cup oil; season with salt and pepper. Do Ahead: Chutney can be made 3 days ahead; cover and chill. <END>
INPUT: cauliflower, prosciutto, dates, virgin olive oil, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Cauliflower with Caper Aioli | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 head cauliflower, cut into florets; 4 ounces prosciutto, sliced thick and cut into 1/4-inch dice; 1/2 cup pitted dates, chopped; 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/4 teaspoon red pepper flakes; 1 tablespoon chopped parsley leaves, for garnish; Caper Aioli, recipe follows; 1 cup mayonnaise; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil; 3 tablespoons capers, chopped; 1 teaspoon caper brine; 1 tablespoon chopped parsley leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Combine the cauliflower, prosciutto, dates, olive oil, salt and red pepper flakes in a large mixing bowl. Mix well to coat and place onto a sheet pan. Place in the top half of the oven and roast until the cauliflower is fork tender and light brown, about 30 to 40 minutes. Remove from oven, transfer to a decorative bowl and serve warm with the caper aioli on the side. Rub the inside of a decorative bowl with the garlic clove. Put the mayonnaise, salt, olive oil, capers, caper brine and parsley in a mixing bowl and mix well to combine. Transfer to the decorativ <END>
INPUT: Italian, sandwiches, pesto, garlic, olive oil, bottled tomatoes oil, basil leaves, balsamic vinegar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Steak Sandwiches with Tomato Pesto | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 2 garlic cloves, chopped; 6 tablespoons olive oil; 1/3 cup drained bottled dried tomatoes packed in oil; 1/3 cup packed fresh basil leaves; 1 teaspoon balsamic vinegar; 1 pound sliced medium-rare steak (about 2 cups); eight 1/2-inch slices sourdough bread, toasted lightly | INSTRUCTIONS: In a small saucepan cook garlic in oil over moderately low heat, stirring, until softened and cool. In a small food processor or blender purée tomatoes, basil, oil mixture, and vinegar until pesto is smooth. In a bowl toss steak with half of pesto and spread remaining pesto on bread. Divide steak among 4 bread slices and top with remaining 4 slices. In a small saucepan cook garlic in oil over moderately low heat, stirring, until softened and cool. In a small food processor or blender purée tomatoes, basil, oil mixture, and vinegar until pesto is smooth. In a bowl toss steak with half of pesto  <END>
INPUT: panini, apple cider doughnut, ricotta cheese, Very apple, Honey, Cinnamon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Apple Cider Panini | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 apple cider doughnut; 1 to 2 tablespoons ricotta cheese (depending on the size of the doughnut); Very thinly sliced apple, for topping; Honey, for drizzling; Cinnamon, for sprinkling | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat a panini press. Use a serrated knife to cut the doughnut in half horizontally. Spread with ricotta cheese and top with a few pieces of apple, a slight drizzle of honey and a sprinkle of cinnamon. Cook in the panini press until golden brown, 1 to 2 minutes. <END>
INPUT: American, meatloaf, cream, beef, lamb, Irish pudding, Irish Cheddar, Montreal steak seasoning
OUTPUT: TITLE: Irish Meatloaf with Cabbage Cream Sauce | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 5 pounds ground beef; 2 pounds ground lamb; 1 pound Irish white pudding, diced; 2 cups shredded Irish Cheddar; 2 tablespoons Montreal steak seasoning; 2 tablespoons granulated onion; 2 tablespoons pepper; 1 tablespoon dried basil; 1 tablespoon curry; 1 tablespoon dried oregano; 1 tablespoon salt; 6 eggs; 1 onion, diced fine; 6 to 7 cups panko breadcrumbs; Cabbage leaves, for cooking | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Mix together the ground beef, lamb, white pudding, Cheddar, Montreal seasoning, granulated onion, pepper, basil, curry, oregano, salt, eggs and onions until well mixed. Add the breadcrumbs and mix well. Let stand for 5 to 10 minutes. Shape into a log. On a baking sheet, put some large cabbage leaves down for the meatloaf to cook on. Place some celery sticks on top of the meatloaf (to keep the aluminum foil off of the top of the meatloaf), cover with foil and bake for 45 minutes. Remove the foil and continue to bake to let it cri <END>
INPUT: lait, crab boil seasoning, pepper, kosher salt, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Catfish au Lait | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 (12-ounce) can evaporated milk; 1 teaspoon crab boil seasoning (recommended: Old Bay); 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 1 1/2 teaspoons kosher salt; 1/2 onion, thinly sliced; 3 to 4 catfish fillets | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine the milk, crab boil seasoning, pepper, salt, and onion in an electric skillet, cover, and bring to a simmer. Add the catfish to the liquid, spooning some of the liquid over the fillets. Reduce the heat to low, around 140 to 145 degrees, cover the skillet, and poach for 6 to 9 minutes. <END>
INPUT: marmalade, lemon, uniq fruits, granulated sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Uniq Fruit Marmalade | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 lemon, lightly scrubbed in warm water; 2 uniq fruits (about 1 1/2 pounds total), lightly scrubbed in warm water; 3 pounds granulated sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: Quarter the lemon and remove any seeds. Separate the flesh from the rind with a knife and finely chop the flesh; scoop up the juice and flesh and add them to a wide, 6-quart stainless-steel pot. Thinly slice the rind and add it to the pot. Quarter the uniq fruits. Separate the flesh from the rind with a knife and finely chop the flesh; scoop up the juice and flesh and add them to the pot. Cut the rind quarters in half lengthwise so they are about 1 inch at their widest point. Slice the rind pieces crosswise into thin strips and add to the pot. Add 6 cups of water and cook over medium-high heat <END>
INPUT: sates, peanut, chicken breasts, thirty two bamboo, flaked coconut, gingerroot, curry powder
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken Sates with Peanut Dipping Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 whole skinless boneless chicken breasts (about 1 1/4 pounds); about thirty-two 7-inch bamboo skewers, soaked in water to cover for 15 minutes; 3/4 cup sweetened flaked coconut; 2 teaspoons chopped peeled fresh gingerroot; 2 teaspoons curry powder; 2 tablespoons fresh lime juice; 1/2 cup hot water; Dipping Sauce | INSTRUCTIONS: Cut the chicken lengthwise into 1/4-inch-thick slices, thread the slices lengthwise onto the skewers, and season them with salt and pepper. Cut the chicken lengthwise into 1/4-inch-thick slices, thread the slices lengthwise onto the skewers, and season them with salt and pepper. Make the marinade: In a blender blend together the coconut, the gingerroot, the curry powder, the lime juice, and the hot water until the mixture is smooth, strain the mixture through a fine sieve into a bowl, pressing hard on the solids, and let the marinade cool. The marinade may be made 2 days in advance and kept co <END>
INPUT: scalloped, baking potatoes, butter, flour, milk, salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Scalloped Potatoes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 large baking potatoes, like russets; 2 tablespoons butter; 2 tablespoons flour; 1 cup milk; Pinch salt and pepper; 1 cup fontal cheese, grated | INSTRUCTIONS: Boil the potatoes until you can pierce them with a fork, cool and slice thinly. Melt the butter in a saucepan. Whisk flour into melted butter and cook over medium heat until it thickens. Whisk in the milk and stir constantly until the mixture coats the back of a spoon. Layer the 3 components ending with the grated cheese in a 9 by 9-inch pan. Bake for approximately 40 minutes in a preheated 375-degree F oven. <END>
INPUT: pink, swirl, Vegetable oil brushing, water, sugar, light corn syrup
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pink Peppermint Swirl Marshmallows | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Vegetable oil for brushing pan; 1 cup water, divided; 3 (1/4-ounce) envelopes unflavored gelatin; 1 1/2 cups sugar; 1 cup light corn syrup; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 1 teaspoon peppermint extract; 10 or more drops of red food coloring; About 1 cup confectioners' sugar for coating marshmallows; **Special Equipment:**A 9-inch square metal baking pan; a stand mixer fitted with whisk attachment; a candy thermometer | INSTRUCTIONS: Brush bottom and sides of metal pan with some vegetable oil. Put 1/2 cup water in bowl of stand mixer and sprinkle gelatin over it. Stir it briefly to make sure all the gelatin is in contact with water and let it soften while making the syrup. Heat sugar, corn syrup, salt, and remaining 1/2 cup water in a small heavy saucepan over low heat, stirring until sugar has dissolved, then bring to a boil over medium heat, without stirring. Put thermometer into syrup and continue boiling, without stirring, until it registers 240°F (soft-ball stage). Remove from heat and let stand until bubbles dissipat <END>
INPUT: cake, Butter, all purpose flour, granulated sugar, pecans, flaked coconut
OUTPUT: TITLE: Zucchini Cake | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Butter, for greasing the pan; 1 1/2 cups all-purpose flour; 1 1/3 cups granulated sugar; 1 cup finely chopped pecans; 1/2 cup sweetened flaked coconut; 2 teaspoons baking soda; 2 teaspoons ground cinnamon; 1 teaspoon kosher salt; 1/4 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg; 1/4 teaspoon ground ginger; 3 tablespoons vegetable oil; 2 tablespoons milk, plus more if needed; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; 2 large eggs; 2 cups grated unpeeled zucchini (about 4 zucchini; use the small holes on a grater and pat dry with a paper towel) | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. For the cake: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Grease a 9-by-13-inch pan. In a large bowl, whisk together the flour, granulated sugar, pecans, coconut, baking soda, cinnamon, salt, nutmeg and ginger. In another bowl, whisk together the oil, milk, vanilla and eggs and stir in the grated zucchini. Fold this into the dry ingredients. The batter will be stiff and dry but keep folding it and it will all come together. If it still seems too dry, just add a little more milk. Spread the batter into the prepared pan. Bake until a wooden pick inserted in the center comes <END>
INPUT: hash, sweet potato, beet, olive oil, Kosher salt pepper, slice bacon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sweet Potato-Beet Hash | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 large sweet potato, peeled and cut into 1/4-inch dice; 1 large fresh beet, peeled and cut into 1/4-inch dice; 1 tablespoon olive oil; Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper; 1 slice bacon, cut into lardons; 1 small onion, diced | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Toss the cut sweet potatoes and beets with olive oil and season with salt and pepper. Place on a parchment-lined baking sheet and bake until vegetables are golden, about 25 to 30 minutes, stirring every 10 minutes. Meanwhile, in a medium skillet over medium-low heat, add the bacon and render the fat until the bacon is crispy. Add the onions and season with salt, and continue to cook until the onions start to caramelize and turn golden, about 10 minutes. Add the roasted sweet potatoes and beets to the pan and stir to combine cooking another 5 minutes. Taste an <END>
INPUT: slaw, lemon juice, apple jelly, carrots, Golden Delicious apple, roasted cashews
OUTPUT: TITLE: Carrot and Apple Slaw | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons lemon juice; 1 tablespoon apple jelly; 4 large carrots, peeled, grated; 1 large Golden Delicious apple, peeled, grated; 1/3 cup chopped roasted cashews; 1/3 cup raisins | INSTRUCTIONS: Whisk lemon juice and jelly in large bowl to blend. Add carrots, apple, cashews and raisins. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Toss thoroughly. Whisk lemon juice and jelly in large bowl to blend. Add carrots, apple, cashews and raisins. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Toss thoroughly. <END>
INPUT: Italian, milk, basil, sugar, egg yolks, well heavy cream
OUTPUT: TITLE: Basil Ice Cream | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups whole milk; 3 tablespoons chopped fresh basil; 1/2 cup sugar; 4 large egg yolks; 1/2 cup well-chilled heavy cream; Special equipment: an instant-read thermometer; an ice cream maker | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring milk, basil, 1/4 cup sugar, and a pinch of salt to a boil in a 2-quart heavy saucepan, stirring, then remove from heat and let steep 30 minutes. Transfer to a blender (reserve saucepan) and blend until basil is finely ground, about 1 minute. Beat together yolks and remaining 1/4 cup sugar in a medium bowl with an electric mixer until thick and pale, about 1 minute. Add milk mixture in a stream, beating until combined well. Pour mixture into reserved saucepan and cook over moderate heat, stirring constantly with a wooden spoon, until mixture coats back of spoon and registers 175°F on ther <END>
INPUT: mousses, four pumpkins, unsalted butter, maple syrup, cinnamon, envelope unflavored gelatin
OUTPUT: TITLE: Maple Pumpkin Mousses | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: four 1/2 pound pumpkins (preferably sugar pumpkins); 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, melted; 1/2 cup maple syrup; 1/2 teaspoon cinnamon; 1 envelope of unflavored gelatin; 3 tablespoons cold water; 1 cup well-chilled heavy cream; pumpkin-seed brittle for garnish if desired | INSTRUCTIONS: Slice off the stem ends of each pumpkin 1 inch from the top, reserving them, scrape out the seeds and the membranes, reserving the seeds for toasting if desired, and brush the insides of the pumpkins with the butter. Top the pumpkins with the reserved stem ends and bake them in a glass baking dish in the middle of a preheated 375°F. oven for 45 minutes, or until the pulp is tender. (Alternatively, the pumpkins may be microwaved, uncovered, at high power (100%) for 12 to 15 minutes, or until the pulp is tender.) Let the pumpkins cool in the dish until they can be handled and discard any liquid  <END>
INPUT: povlik, Clarified butter, onion, garlic, rosemary, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Shrimp Povlik | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Clarified butter; 1 medium onion, finely sliced; 2 cloves garlic, bruised; 1 teaspoon rosemary; Freshly ground salt, to taste; Freshly ground white pepper, to taste; 1 cup dry white wine; 12 jumbo shrimps, shelled, butterflied; 2 tablespoons butter; 1/8 cup vodka; 1/4 cup dry sherry; 1 lemon, sliced thinly; 1 tablespoon parsley, finely chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: Pour some clarified butter into heated frypan and add onion. Fry gently. Add garlic and simmer. Season with rosemary, salt and white pepper. Add 3/4 cup white wine and simmer gently. Add shrimp, cut side down, pressing down with small pan to keep them flat while cooking. Cook for 4 minutes then transfer to heated platter to keep warm. Add remaining wine to pan and simmer. Strain liquid into clean pan, discarding onion and herbs and reduce on high heat to syrup consistency. Lower heat and add shrimp, then fresh butter. Increase heat and add vodka, then flame. When flame has died down, add sherr <END>
INPUT: curried, unsalted butter, Madras curry powder, kosher salt, cayenne, roasted salted cashews
OUTPUT: TITLE: Curried Cashews | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 4 teaspoons Madras curry powder; 1 teaspoon kosher salt; 1/4 teaspoon cayenne; 2 cups roasted salted cashews | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Melt the butter in a small skillet, then add the curry powder, salt, and cayenne and cook, stirring constantly, until aromatic, about 30 seconds. Toss the cashews with the curry butter on a baking sheet, spread the nuts in a single layer. Bake until the nuts are hot and shiny, about 10 minutes. Cool to room temperature. <END>
INPUT: butter, carrots, parsnips, chicken broth, honey
OUTPUT: TITLE: Honey Glazed Carrot and Parsnip | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons butter, melted; 4 medium carrots, cut into 1/4-inch coins; 3 medium parsnips, cut into 1/4-inch coins; 3/4 cup chicken broth; 5 tablespoons honey; 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh parsley; 1 teaspoon paprika; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Add the butter to a large skillet over medium-high heat. Once foamy and melted, add the carrots and parsnips and cook, while stirring, for about 3 minutes. Pour in the chicken broth and 3 tablespoons of the honey and stir to combine. Turn the heat to medium, cover with a lid and cook for 5 to 6 minutes. Remove the lid and season with the parsley, paprika and some salt and pepper. Turn the heat to medium-high and cook, while stirring, until the carrots and parsnips are tender and they're nice and glazed with the honey sauce, about 5 minutes more. Add the remaining <END>
INPUT: mulled, wine, cinnamon, orange, lemon, bay leaves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mulled Wine | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 bottle red wine (recommended: "La Mozza" Morelino di Scansano); 1 stick cinnamon; 4 thin slices orange; 2 thin slices lemon; 2 small bay leaves; 1/2 cup superfine sugar; 1/4 vanilla bean, seeds scraped; 1/4 teaspoon allspice; 1/4 teaspoon black peppercorns; 1/4 teaspoon whole cloves; Small pinch chile powder; Brandy | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large pot, combine the wine, cinnamon, orange slices, lemon slices, bay leaves, sugar, vanilla bean, allspice, peppercorns, cloves, and chile powder. Bring just to a boil and stir to melt the sugar. Remove from the heat and add brandy to taste. This recipe was provided by professional chefs and has been scaled down from a bulk recipe provided by a restaurant. The Food Network Kitchens chefs have not tested this recipe, in the proportions indicated, and therefore, we cannot make any representation as to the results. <END>
INPUT: cloud, sugar, brewed coffee, bittersweet chocolate, Dutch processed cocoa, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Bittersweet Chocolate Cloud Cake | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/3 cups sugar, divided; 3/4 cup freshly brewed coffee; 7 ounces bittersweet chocolate (62 percent) finely chopped; 2/3 cup Dutch-processed cocoa powder; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 1 tablespoon brandy; 3 large eggs, separated plus 3 egg whites; 1/3 cup cake flour; 1/4 teaspoon cream of tartar; Chocolate Glaze, recipe follows | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F and position rack in the center. Pour 1/2 -inch water into a large roasting pan and place in oven. Butter the bottom and sides of a 9-inch springform pan. Line the bottom of the pan with a round of parchment paper, cut to fit. Butter the paper. Wrap the outside of the pan tightly with a large piece of heavy-duty aluminum foil. Put 1 cup of sugar and the coffee in a medium saucepan over a high heat. Bring to boil, stirring occasionally to dissolve sugar. Remove from the heat add the chocolate and return to low heat. Keep stirring over heat until the chocolate is co <END>
INPUT: carpaccio, vinaigrette, virgin olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Carpaccio of Tuna with Nicoise Vinaigrette | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1/3 cup (1/16-inch dice) eggplant; 1/3 cup (1/16-inch dice) zucchini; 1/3 cup (1/16-inch dice) fennel bulb; 1/3 cup (1/16-inch dice) peeled, seeded ripe tomato; 2 tablespoons finely chopped pitted Nicoise olives; 4 teaspoons high-quality red wine vinegar, preferably Chianti; 1 teaspoon chopped fresh thyme; 1/8 teaspoon minced garlic; 3/4 teaspoon fine sea salt; 1/8 teaspoon freshly ground white pepper; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, or more as needed; 4 (2 1/2-ounce) slices sushi-grade tuna fillet; 1 teaspoon fine sea salt | INSTRUCTIONS: In a medium nonstick skillet, heat 2 teaspoons oil over medium-high heat. Add the eggplant and cook until tender, about 2 minutes. Transfer to a bowl. Repeat the procedure with the zucchini, using an additional 2 teaspoons oil, and cooking for 2 minutes. Repeat with the fennel, using another 2 teaspoons oil, and cooking for 2 minutes. Cool the vegetables completely. Add the tomatoes, olives, remaining 4 tablespoons oil, the vinegar, thyme, garlic, salt, and pepper and mix well. Cover and refrigerate until ready to serve, up to 8 hours. For each serving, brush the inside of a large dinner plate <END>
INPUT: American, salad, tomatoes, balsamic vinegar, olive oil, Kalamata olives, crumbled cheese
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tomato, Caper, Olive and Blue Cheese Salad | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 6 large tomatoes, sliced; 2 tablespoons balsamic vinegar; 5 tablespoons olive oil; 1/3 cup halved pitted Kalamata olives; 1/3 cup crumbled blue cheese (about 2 ounces); 2 tablespoons drained capers; 4 anchovies, drained, chopped (optional); Fresh basil leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: Arrange tomatoes on large platter. Drizzle with vinegar, then oil. Sprinkle very lightly with salt and generously with pepper. Sprinkle with olives, blue cheese, capers and anchovies, if desired. Garnish with basil leaves and serve. Arrange tomatoes on large platter. Drizzle with vinegar, then oil. Sprinkle very lightly with salt and generously with pepper. Sprinkle with olives, blue cheese, capers and anchovies, if desired. Garnish with basil leaves and serve. <END>
INPUT: cakes, all purpose flour, granulated sugar, vanilla bean, lemon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Egg Cakes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 8 tablespoons (1 stick) unsalted butter, room temperature, plus more for pan; 3/4 cup plus 3 tablespoons all-purpose flour, plus more for pan; 1/2 cup plus 2 tablespoons granulated sugar; 1 vanilla bean, split and seeds removed; 1/2 lemon, zest grated; 3 large eggs, room temperature; 3/4 teaspoon baking powder; 1/4 teaspoon salt; Colored Butter Glaze, recipe follows; 3 tablespoons confectioners' sugar; 1/2 cup Lemon Curd, recipe follows; 9 sprigs mint, for garnish; 1/4 cup milk; 2 to 3 drops liquid paste color; 3 cups sifted confectioners' sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 250 degrees F. Generously butter the wells of an egg-cake pan, and dust the wells with flour; tap out any excess flour. Set pan aside. In the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the whisk attachment, combine butter and granulated sugar. Beat on medium speed until light and fluffy, about 2 minutes. Add the seeds from the vanilla bean and the lemon zest; beat to combine. Add eggs, 1 at a time, mixing well after each addition and scraping sides of bowl. Into a medium bowl, sift together flour, baking powder, and salt. Add to butter mixture. Beat until just combined. Spoon batter <END>
INPUT: Italian, home, fries, canola oil, rosemary leaves, garlic, Salt pepper, piece pancetta
OUTPUT: TITLE: Rosemary Home Fries with Pancetta, Parmesan and Parsley | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup canola oil; 1/2 cup fresh rosemary leaves; 4 cloves garlic, crushed; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; One 1-inch-thick piece pancetta, diced; 3 large russet potatoes, cooked in salt water until tender, cooled and diced; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1/4 cup chopped fresh flat-leaf parsley; Pinch red pepper flakes; Freshly grated Parmesan cheese | INSTRUCTIONS: For the oil: Combine the oil, rosemary, garlic and some salt and pepper in a blender and blend for 2 minutes. Let the oil sit for 30 minutes, and then strain through a fine mesh strainer into a small bowl. Set aside 1/4 cup, plus more as needed, for the home fries, and reserve the rest in an airtight container for another use. For the home fries: Heat 1/4 cup of the rosemary oil in a large cast-iron skillet over medium heat. Add the pancetta and cook until golden brown and crisp. Transfer to a plate. Add more rosemary oil to the skillet, if needed. Add the potatoes in one layer and sprinkle wi <END>
INPUT: breakfast, tarts, refrigerated pie dough, All purpose flour, pears, apple juice, lemon juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lemon, Pear, Poppy Seed Breakfast Tarts | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound refrigerated pie dough; All-purpose flour, for dusting; 3 pears, peeled, cored and diced; 1/4 cup apple juice; 1/4 cup lemon juice; 1 tablespoon sugar; 1 egg; 1 cup powdered sugar; 2 tablespoons milk; 1 tablespoon grated lemon zest; 1/4 teaspoon vanilla extract; 1 tablespoon poppy seeds | INSTRUCTIONS: Divide the pie dough into two flattened discs; wrap in plastic and chill. Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Line two cookie sheets with parchment. Working one disc at a time, roll out the dough into a 1/8-inch-thick rectangle on a floured work surface. Cut into 9 even rectangles, then transfer to the prepared cookie sheets and chill. Meanwhile, in a heavy-bottomed saucepot, add the pears, apple juice, lemon juice and sugar. Cook over medium heat until the pears begin to soften and the liquid thickens, 20 minutes. Set aside and let cool. When the pear filling has cooled, remove one of the cook <END>
INPUT: hash browns, garlic, Kosher salt, virgin olive oil, Spanish olives
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tilapia With Hash Browns | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 20-ounce bag frozen shredded hash browns, thawed; 4 cloves garlic, smashed and thinly sliced; Kosher salt; 5 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, us more for drizzling; 1/2 cup pitted Spanish green olives, roughly chopped; 3/4 pound tomatoes, cut into 1-inch pieces; 1/4 cup diced roasted red peppers; 3 scallions, white and light green parts only, chopped; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley; 1 1/2 pounds skinless tilapia fillets; 1 teaspoon herbes de Provence or dried rosemary; Freshly ground pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Toss the hash browns with the garlic and 1 teaspoon salt in a bowl. Heat 2 tablespoons olive oil in a large nonstick ovenproof skillet over medium heat. Add the hash browns, flatten with a spatula and cook until the bottom is golden brown, 6 to 8 minutes. Drizzle with 2 tablespoons olive oil. Flip the potato cake and pat it back into shape. Cook until crisp and golden, 6 to 8 minutes. Meanwhile, mix the olives, tomatoes, roasted peppers, scallions and parsley in a bowl. Cut the fish into 12 pieces and season with the dried herbs, salt and pepper. Scatter half <END>
INPUT: Mexican, queso, virgin olive oil, Spanish Mexican chorizo, mushroom caps, Mexican melting cheese, scallions
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chorizo Mushroom Queso Dip | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil, a drizzle; 1/2 pound Spanish or Mexican chorizo; 1/2 pound mushroom caps, quartered; 1 cup diced Mexican melting cheese or Monterey Jack or Pepper Jack cheese; 2 scallions, thinly sliced; 1 bag corn tortillas or blue corn tortillas, any variety | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Heat the extra-virgin olive oil in small skillet over medium-high heat. Dice the Spanish chorizo and add to the pan to render the fat. If using fresh Mexican chorizo, remove the casing and crumble while it's browning. Add the mushrooms to the skillet and cook with the sausage until just tender, 6 to 7 minutes. Transfer the sausage mixture to a small casserole or baking dish and top with the cheese. Bake until bubbly. Remove from the oven and top with the scallions. Serve with chips for dipping. <END>
INPUT: buttered, water, onion, unsalted butter, peas
OUTPUT: TITLE: Buttered Peas with Onion | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2/3 cup water; 1 medium onion, chopped; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1 pound frozen peas (3 1/2 cups) | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring water, onion, and 1/2 teaspoon salt to a boil in a heavy medium saucepan, then cook over medium heat, covered, stirring occasionally, until onion is tender, about 5 minutes. Increase heat to medium-high and stir in butter and peas, then cook, covered, stirring occasionally, until peas are tender, about 8 minutes. Season with salt. Bring water, onion, and 1/2 teaspoon salt to a boil in a heavy medium saucepan, then cook over medium heat, covered, stirring occasionally, until onion is tender, about 5 minutes. Increase heat to medium-high and stir in butter and peas, then cook, covered, sti <END>
INPUT: American, sauce, thyme, honey, pink peppercorns, Coarse kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pan-Seared Strip Steak with Red-Wine Pan Sauce and Pink-Peppercorn Butter | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup (1/2 stick) unsalted butter, room temperature; 1 teaspoon minced fresh thyme; 1 teaspoon honey; 1 teaspoon whole pink peppercorns; Coarse kosher salt; 1 10-ounce New York strip steak (about 1 1/4 to 1 1/2 inches thick); 2 teaspoons extra-virgin olive oil, divided; 1 teaspoon minced fresh thyme; Coarse kosher salt; 1/4 cup thinly sliced shallot; 1 cup dry red wine; 1/2 cup low-salt beef broth or low-salt chicken broth; Celery Root and Parsnip Puree | INSTRUCTIONS: For pink peppercorn butter: Combine first 4 ingredients in small bowl; mix with fork until peppercorns are slightly crushed. Season with coarse salt and black pepper. Place small sheet of plastic wrap on work surface; place butter mixture atop plastic. Using plastic wrap as aid, form butter mixture into 1 1⁄2-inch-diameter cylinder; wrap tightly and chill. DO AHEAD: Can be made 3 days ahead. Keep chilled. Bring to room temperature before using. Combine first 4 ingredients in small bowl; mix with fork until peppercorns are slightly crushed. Season with coarse salt and black pepper. Place small  <END>
INPUT: Italian, olive oil, onion, Italian hot sausages, pepper flakes, wine
OUTPUT: TITLE: Penne with Sausage and Tomatoes | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon olive oil; 1 medium onion, chopped; 4 Italian hot sausages, casings removed; 1/4 teaspoon dried red pepper flakes; 1/3 cup dry red wine; 1 28-ounce can crushed tomatoes with added puree; 2 teaspoons dried marjoram, crumbled; 8 ounces penne pasta; Salt and freshly ground pepper; Freshly grated Parmesan or Romano cheese | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat oil in heavy large saucepan over medium heat. Add onion and cook until tender, about 8 minutes. Add sausage and cook until no longer pink, breaking up with fork, about 6 minutes. Stir in pepper flakes. Add wine and boil until absorbed. Mix in crushed tomatoes. Bring to boil, reduce heat and simmer 25 minutes. Stir 2 tablespoons marjoram into sauce. Cook penne in large pot of boiling salted water until just tender but still firm to bite, stirring occasionally. Drain well. Return penne to pot. Add half of sauce and stir to coat. Season with salt and pepper. Transfer to large bowl. Serve, pa <END>
INPUT: American, tart, olive oil, onion, heavy whipping cream, eggs, coarse kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chile and Cheese Tart | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon olive oil; 1 small red onion, diced; 3/4 cup heavy whipping cream; 2 large eggs; 1 1/2 teaspoons coarse kosher salt; 3/4 teaspoon hot pepper sauce; 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 1 7-to 8-ounce package shredded sharp cheddar cheese; 1 7-ounce can diced mild green chiles; 1 purchased frozen 9-inch-diameter deep-dish pie crust (do not thaw) | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 400°F. Heat oil in medium skillet over medium-high heat. Add onion. Cover and cook until just tender, stirring often, about 5 minutes. Cool briefly. Whisk cream and next 4 ingredients in bowl to blend. Mix in cheese, chiles, and onion mixture. Pour filling into frozen crust. Bake tart until golden brown and set in center, about 40 minutes. Preheat oven to 400°F. Heat oil in medium skillet over medium-high heat. Add onion. Cover and cook until just tender, stirring often, about 5 minutes. Cool briefly. Whisk cream and next 4 ingredients in bowl to blend. Mix in cheese, chiles, a <END>
INPUT: Mexican, soup, cilantro, shallots, garlic, ginger, jalapeño chili, vegetable oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fish and Vegetable Soup with Lime, Ginger, and Cilantro | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup sliced shallots (about 1 3/4 ounces); 4 garlic cloves; 1 tablespoon chopped peeled fresh ginger; 1 jalapeño chili, seeded, quartered; 2 tablespoons vegetable oil; 4 cups fish stock or bottle clam juice; 2 cups water; 6 tablespoons fresh lime juice; 3 tablespoons minced fresh lemongrass or 1 tablespoon grated lemon peel; 2 whole star anise*; 1 cup grated peeled carrots; 1 cup mung bean sprouts; 2 ounces fresh shiitake mushrooms, stemmed, caps sliced (about 1 1/4 cups); 1/2 cup chopped tomatoes; 6 green onions, cut diagonally into 1-inch lengths | INSTRUCTIONS: Grind first 4 ingredients in processor to coarse paste, stopping occasionally to scrape sides. Heat oil in large pot over medium heat. Add paste; sauté until aromatic, about 2 minutes. Add stock, 2 cups water, 4 tablespoons lime juice, lemongrass, and star anise; bring to boil. Reduce heat; cover and simmer 10 minutes. Remove star anise. Add carrots and next 4 ingredients; simmer 2 minutes. Add fish; cook until just opaque, stirring gently, about 3 minutes. Mix in cilantro and 2 tablespoons lime juice. Season with salt and pepper. Grind first 4 ingredients in processor to coarse paste, stoppin <END>
INPUT: Mexican, salsa, Meyer lemons, English hothouse cucumber, scallions, serrano chile, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken Skewers with Meyer Lemon Salsa | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 8 Meyer lemons; 1/2 cup finely chopped English hothouse cucumber; 3 tablespoons thinly sliced scallions, divided; 1 serrano chile (with seeds), finely chopped; Pinch of sugar; 1 Kosher salt; 1 1/2 pounds skinless, boneless chicken thighs, cut into 1 1/2" pieces; 1 Freshly ground black pepper; 1/4 cup plus 2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro; 1/4 cup plain whole-milk yogurt; 1 tablespoon vegetable oil; 2 garlic cloves, coarsely chopped; 1 teaspoon cracked coriander seeds; 1 teaspoon turmeric (optional); Special equipment: 12 metal skewers | INSTRUCTIONS: Using a sharp knife, cut all peel and white pith from lemons; discard. Working over a medium bowl, cut between membranes to release segments into bowl; squeeze in juice from membranes and discard membranes. Strain juice into another bowl. Combine segments, 1 tablespoon strained lemon juice (reserve remaining juice for another use), cucumber, 2 tablespoons scallions, and chile in a small bowl; mix well. Stir in sugar; season salsa with salt and set aside. Place chicken in a medium bowl and season with salt and pepper. In a mini-processor or blender, purée 1/4 cup cilantro, yogurt, vegetable oil <END>
INPUT: Asian, marnier, stickers, orange liqueur, orange juice, cornstarch, granulated garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Garlic Marnier Duck Pot Stickers | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 7 ounces skinless, boneless duck breast (one whole breast); 1/3 cup orange liqueur; 1 cup orange juice; 1/2 teaspoon cornstarch; 1/4 teaspoon granulated garlic; Salt; 15 to 20 roasted garlic cloves, recipe follows; 4 scallions, both white part and 2 inches of green part; 1 stalk celery; 1 medium carrot, cleaned and cut into 1 inch pieces; 1/2 cup cilantro; 1 (2-inch) piece fresh ginger, peeled and cut into 2 pieces; 1 1/2 teaspoons Chinese hot oil; 5 tablespoons plum sauce; 1 teaspoon soy sauce | INSTRUCTIONS: Lightly score both sides of the duck breast with a sharp knife. Place in a shallow dish or plastic bag. In a small bowl whisk together orange liqueur, orange juice, cornstarch, garlic, and salt. Pour over duck breast and marinate for 1 hour. Place the garlic, scallions, celery, carrot, cilantro, and ginger in the food processor and pulse until finely chopped. Place in medium mixing bowl. Add Chinese hot oil, plum sauce, soy sauce, salt, and sesame seeds and set aside. Coat the bottom of a medium skillet with 1 tablespoon of olive oil. Heat over medium heat until very hot. Remove the duck breas <END>
INPUT: cupcakes, frosting, milk, tea bags, all purpose flour, baking soda, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sweet Tea Cupcakes with Lemon Sweet Tea Frosting | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 cup whole milk; 10 black tea bags; 1 1/2 cups all-purpose flour; 1 teaspoon baking soda; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 1 cup granulated sugar; 1/2 cup canola oil; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; 2 eggs; 2 sticks unsalted butter, softened; Zest of 1 lemon; 2 cups confectioners' sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: For the cupcakes: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line a cupcake pan with 12 liners. Heat the milk in the microwave for 1 minute, stir and then add 30 more seconds. Place the tea bags in the milk and allow steeping for 5 minutes. Sift together the flour, baking soda and salt. In the bowl of an electric stand mixer fitted with a paddle attachment, mix the granulated sugar, oil, vanilla and the eggs, 1 at a time. Alternate adding the flour and only 1/2 cup of the tea until incorporated. Reserve 1/2 cup of the tea for the frosting. Fill the cupcake liners and bake for 15 minutes. Rotate the pa <END>
INPUT: Indian, lemongrass, vegetable oil, onions, garlic, ginger
OUTPUT: TITLE: Coconut-Curry Mussels | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 2 stalks lemongrass; 4 tablespoons vegetable oil; 2 medium red onions, thinly sliced; 6 cloves garlic, thinly sliced; 6 tablespoons chopped peeled ginger; 1/4 cup green curry paste; 2 15-ounce cans coconut milk; 4 tablespoons fish sauce; 6 pounds mussels, scrubbed and debearded; 4 limes, halved; 1 cup chopped fresh cilantro; Crusty bread, for serving (optional) | INSTRUCTIONS: Trim the lemongrass, leaving 6 inches at the root end; discard the tops. Smash the stalks with the flat side of a knife and cut into 1-inch pieces. Heat 2 tablespoons vegetable oil in each of 2 large pots over medium-high heat. Add 1 sliced onion to each and cook, stirring, until soft, about 5 minutes. Add half each of the garlic, lemongrass, ginger and curry paste to each pot and cook, stirring, until golden, about 2 minutes. Add 1 can coconut milk, 2 tablespoons fish sauce and 1/4 cup water to each pot and bring to a simmer. Divide the mussels between the pots; cover and cook, stirring occas <END>
INPUT: puree, skinned sweet potatoes, onion, olive oil, fine sea salt, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sweet Potato and Apple Puree | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 1/2 pounds red-skinned sweet potatoes (yams), peeled, cut into 1-inch cubes; 1 medium onion, cut into 1/2-inch cubes; 1/4 cup olive oil; 1 teaspoon fine sea salt; 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 1/4 teaspoon cayenne pepper; 1 1/2 pounds Granny Smith apples, peeled, cored, cut into 1-inch cubes; 1/2 cup heavy whipping cream | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350°F. Toss first 6 ingredients in large bowl. Transfer mixture to 13x9x2-inch glass baking dish. Cover with foil; bake until vegetables are almost soft, about 40 minutes. Mix in apples. Cover and bake until sweet potatoes and apples are very tender, about 30 minutes longer. Cool slightly. Transfer mixture to processor and puree until smooth. Transfer to microwave-safe bowl. DO AHEAD: Can be made 1 day ahead. Cover and chill. Stir cream into sweet potato-apple puree. Microwave on high until heated through, about 4 minutes. Serve hot. Preheat oven to 350°F. Toss first 6 ingredie <END>
INPUT: onion, fennel bulb, golden raisins, fennel seeds, virgin olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Rice with Fennel and Golden Raisins | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 medium onion, chopped (1 cup); 1 large fennel bulb (stalks discarded), chopped (2 cups); 1/3 cup golden raisins; 1/2 teaspoon fennel seeds, lightly crushed; 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1 cup medium- or long-grain white rice; 2 cups water | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook onion and fennel with raisins, fennel seeds, 1 teaspoon salt, and 1/4 teaspoon pepper in oil in a 4-quart heavy saucepan over medium heat, stirring occasionally, until softened, 8 to 10 minutes. Add rice and cook, stirring, 1 minute. Add water and bring to a vigorous boil. Tightly cover and cook over low heat, undisturbed, until water is absorbed, about 22 minutes. Remove from heat. Remove lid and put a clean kitchen towel over pan, then replace lid. Let stand 10 minutes, then fluff with a fork. Cook onion and fennel with raisins, fennel seeds, 1 teaspoon salt, and 1/4 teaspoon pepper in  <END>
INPUT: stock, celery, carrot, onion, chicken broth, water
OUTPUT: TITLE: Turkey Giblet Stock | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 celery rib; 1 carrot; 1 onion; 5 cups chicken broth; 6 cups water; reserved neck and giblets (excluding liver) from a 12- to 14-pound turkey; 1 bay leaf; 8 sprigs mixed fresh herbs such as thyme, sage, rosemary and/or marjoram | INSTRUCTIONS: Coarsely chop celery and carrot and quarter onion. In a large deep saucepan bring broth and water to a boil with celery, carrot, onion, and neck and giblets, skimming froth. Add bay leaf and fresh herbs and cook, uncovered, at a bare simmer 2 hours, or until liquid is reduced to about 6 cups. Pour stock through a fine sieve into a bowl. Stock may be made 2 days ahead and cooled completely, uncovered, before being chilled or frozen in an airtight container. Coarsely chop celery and carrot and quarter onion. In a large deep saucepan bring broth and water to a boil with celery, carrot, onion, and <END>
INPUT: Asian, foil, carrots, pale leeks, unsalted butter, lime zest, gingerroot
OUTPUT: TITLE: Foil-Baked Swordfish with Carrots, Leeks, and Ginger Butter | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 2 large carrots, cut into julienne strips (about 1 1/2 cups); the white and pale green part of 2 small leeks, chopped fine, washed well, and drained (about 1 cup); 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened; 1 1/2 teaspoons freshly grated lime zest; 1 1/2 teaspoons grated peeled fresh gingerroot; two 6-ounces swordfish steaks (about 3/4 inch thick) | INSTRUCTIONS: In a heavy skillet cook the carrots and the leeks with salt and pepper to taste in 1 tablespoon of the butter over moderate heat, stirring, for 10 minutes, or until the carrots are crisp-tender, and keep the mixture warm. In a small bowl stir together the remaining 1 tablespoon butter, the zest, the gingerroot, and salt and pepper to taste. Fold 2 pieces of 20- by 12-inch foil in half by bringing the short ends together, unfold each piece, and arrange a swordfish steak, seasoned with salt and pepper, just to one side of each fold line. Top the swordfish with the vegetable mixture and dot it wi <END>
INPUT: tart, maple syrup, corn syrup, sugar, maple sugar, eggs
OUTPUT: TITLE: Maple Sugar Brown Butter Tart | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 cup maple syrup; 3/4 cup corn syrup; 1/2 cup brown sugar; 1 cup maple sugar; 5 whole eggs; 2 egg yolks; 3 tablespoons browned butter; 1 (9 to 10-inch) baked flan shell (see note) | INSTRUCTIONS: Note: Flan shell can be either pie dough or sweet crust Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Combine maple syrup, corn syrup, brown sugar, and maple sugar and mix lightly. Add whole eggs, egg yolks, and browned butter. Mix until well incorporated. Pour into shell and bake until set for 25 to 35 minutes <END>
INPUT: flour, baking powder, baking soda, sugar, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Banana Pecan Buttermilk Pancakes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups flour; 2 1/2 teaspoons baking powder; 1/2 teaspoons baking soda; 2 tablespoons sugar; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1 1/2 cups buttermilk; 2 large eggs; 6 tablespoons butter, melted; 1/2 teaspoon vanilla, or to taste; 2 very ripe medium bananas (about 12 to 14 ounces); 2/3 cups pecans, toasted lightly and chopped; Softened butter or vegetable oil, for cooking the pancakes; Berry-Maple Syrup, recipe follows; 1 1/2 cups pure maple syrup; 1 cinnamon stick | INSTRUCTIONS: In a bowl whisk together the flour, baking powder, baking soda, sugar and salt. In another bowl whisk together the buttermilk, eggs, butter and vanilla. Whisk the dry ingredients into the liquid until combined well. Chop fine the banana and add it to the batter along with the pecans. Heat a griddle over moderate heat until hot enough to make a drop of water scatter over surface and brush with butter or oil. Working in batches, drop 1/4 cup measures of batter onto griddle to form pancakes and cook until bubbles appear on surface and undersides are golden brown, about 1 minute. Flip pancakes wit <END>
INPUT: confit, carrots, fennel bulb, olive oil, cayenne
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fennel and Carrot Confit | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 medium carrots; 1 small fennel bulb, stalks discarded; 1 1/4 cups olive oil; 1/8 teaspoon cayenne; 2 (3-by 1-inch) strips lemon zest, very thinly sliced | INSTRUCTIONS: Shave carrots with a vegetable peeler into very thin, wide ribbons. Quarter fennel bulb lengthwise, then very thinly slice lengthwise. Heat oil with cayenne, 1/2 teaspoon salt, and 1/4 teaspoon pepper in a 1-quart heavy saucepan over low heat until warm. Add carrots, fennel, and zest and cook gently, without simmering, stirring occasionally, until vegetables are just tender, 15 to 20 minutes. Drain oil into a bowl (see cooks' note, below) and transfer vegetables to another bowl to cool to room temperature. Shave carrots with a vegetable peeler into very thin, wide ribbons. Quarter fennel bulb  <END>
INPUT: cream, kabocha squash, milk, sugar, vanilla bean, egg yolks
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sweet Kabocha Squash Ice Cream with Spiced Pumpkin Seeds | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 medium kabocha squash; 1 quart milk; 1 1/4 cups sugar; 1/4 vanilla bean; 12 egg yolks; Spiced Pumpkin Seeds, recipe follows; 1 egg white; 3 cups raw, shelled pumpkin seeds; 1 cup sugar; 2 teaspoons ground cinnamon; 1 teaspoon ground ginger; 1 teaspoon ground nutmeg | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Halve the squash and scrape out the seeds. Place the squash cut-side down in a roasting pan. Add 2 to 3 inches of water and roast the squash until it is very tender, about 30 minutes. Allow the squash to cool completely then mash or puree it in a food processor or blender. Measure 2 cups of the puree and reserve. Combine the milk and sugar in a saucepan. Scrape the seeds from the vanilla bean into the milk then bring it to a simmer over medium heat. Meanwhile, beat the egg yolks in a large bowl. When the milk reaches a simmer, temper the eggs by gradually whi <END>
INPUT: Italian, better, grain lasagna noodles, beef, olive oil, portobello mushrooms, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Better Beef Lasagna | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 12 ounces whole-grain lasagna noodles (15 noodles); 8 ounces lean ground beef (90% lean or higher); 2 teaspoons olive oil; 8 ounces portobello mushrooms, diced (about 3 large mushroom caps); 1 teaspoon salt; 4 cups Quick Marinara Sauce (1 1/2 recipes), recipe follows, or store-bought marinara; One 15-ounce container part-skim ricotta cheese; One 10-ounce package frozen chopped spinach, thawed and well drained; 1 large egg, lightly beaten; 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; Pinch ground nutmeg; 1/4 cup freshly grated Parmesan cheese; 3 ounces grated part-skim mozzarella cheese (about 2/3 cup); 1 tablespoon olive oil; 1 small onion, finely chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Cook the noodles al dente according to the directions on the package. Drain well, then lay out on wax paper to prevent them from sticking to each other. Heat a large nonstick skillet over medium-high heat. Add the beef and cook until no longer pink, breaking up the meat into small pieces with a wooden spoon, about 3 minutes. Transfer the meat to a plate, discarding any fat remaining in the skillet. Heat the oil in the skillet over medium-high heat. Add the mushrooms and cook, stirring occasionally, until all the liquid is evaporated and they begin to brown, a <END>
INPUT: Italian, salad, vinaigrette, tomatoes, artichoke hearts, baby arugula, wine vinegar, pesto sauce
OUTPUT: TITLE: Arugula Salad with Pesto Vinaigrette | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup chopped tomatoes; 1 cup canned artichoke hearts, quartered; 5 cups baby arugula; 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar; 2 tablespoons store bought pesto sauce | INSTRUCTIONS: Arrange tomatoes and artichoke hearts over a bed of arugula. Whisk together the vinegar and pesto and drizzle over the salad. <END>
INPUT: Relish, eggplant, Kosher salt, virgin olive oil, shallots
OUTPUT: TITLE: Eggplant Relish | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Relish; 1 large eggplant, diced; Kosher salt; 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1/2 cup chopped shallots; 1/4 cup chopped fresh garlic; 1/4 cup toasted pine nuts; 1/4 cup golden raisins plumped over heat in white wine; 1/2 cup red wine vinegar; Pinch sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: Serving suggestion: Place the relish on toasted bread spread with sheep's milk ricotta cheese, and top with torn basil and parsley leave, then drizzle with extra-virgin olive oil. To make the relish: Place the eggplant in a strainer set over a large bowl. Sprinkle the eggplant with salt and let sit for 10 to 15 minutes to leech out the bitterness. Rinse quickly and pat dry. Heat a large skillet over medium heat. Add the oil, shallots, garlic, pinch of salt, and eggplant and cook for 10 to 15 minutes. Add the pine nuts, raisins, red wine vinegar, and sugar. Stir to combine. <END>
INPUT: puree, sweet potatoes, garlic, low sodium chicken, Tbs. thyme thyme, Tbs. unsalted butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sweet Potato Puree with Garlic, Thyme and Balsamic Vinegar | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1-1/2 lbs. sweet potatoes, peeled and cut into 1-inch cubes; 4 small garlic cloves, sliced thin; 3 cups low-sodium chicken or vegetable broth; 3 Tbs. chopped fresh thyme or 1-1/2 tsp. dried thyme; 2 Tbs. unsalted butter; kosher salt; freshly ground white pepper; 2 Tbs. aged balsamic vinegar or balsamic vinegar reduction | INSTRUCTIONS: Place sweet potato cubes and garlic in a saucepan and pour in chicken or vegetable broth to within a half inch of the top of the potatoes. Boil until very soft (the potatoes will sink down into the liquid as they cook), 12-15 minutes. Drain, reserving cooking liquid. Return potatoes to saucepan and mash with potato masher. Slowly add some of the cooking liquid, stirring until you get the consistency of a loose puree. It need not be perfectly smooth. Stir in thyme and butter, adding more to taste if needed, and season with salt and white pepper to taste. Keep warm in a double boiler. Drizzle ag <END>
INPUT: cranberry juice, crème de cassis, champagne sparkling wine
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cranberry Kir | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cups chilled cranberry juice; 3/4 cup crème de cassis (black currant-flavored liqueur); 1 750-ml bottle chilled dry champagne or sparkling wine | INSTRUCTIONS: Place 2 tablespoons cranberry juice and 1 tablespoon crème de cassis in each of 12 champagne flutes. Pour 1/4 cup champagne into each and serve. Place 2 tablespoons cranberry juice and 1 tablespoon crème de cassis in each of 12 champagne flutes. Pour 1/4 cup champagne into each and serve. <END>
INPUT: American, casserole, roll, Cheddar cheese, eggs, water, milk
OUTPUT: TITLE: Country Breakfast Casserole | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 roll (12 ounces) breakfast sausage; 2 cups shredded Cheddar cheese; 6 eggs, beaten; 1 cup water; 1/2 cup milk; 1 package McCormick® Original Country Gravy Mix; Substitutions:; 6 slices bread, cut into 1-inch cubes; McCormick® Paprika | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 325°F. Cook crumbled sausage in large skillet on medium heat until brown, stirring occasionally. Drain sausage. Spread in lightly greased 11x7-inch baking dish. Sprinkle cheese over sausage. Beat eggs, water, milk and Gravy Mix in medium bowl with wire whisk until well blended. Pour over cheese. Arrange bread cubes evenly over mixture. Drizzle butter over bread, if desired. Sprinkle with paprika. Bake, uncovered, 40 minutes or until knife inserted in center comes out clean. Let stand 10 minutes before serving. Make Ahead Tip: Cover and refrigerate unbaked casserole overnight. B <END>
INPUT: frosting, all purpose flour, cake flour, sugar, kosher salt, baking powder
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pancake Cake with Avocado Frosting | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound 5 ounces all-purpose flour; 8 1/2 ounces cake flour; 1/4 cup sugar; 1 tablespoon kosher salt; 3 teaspoons baking powder; 1 1/2 teaspoons baking soda; 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted and cooled slightly; 2 whole eggs, room temperature; 2 cups buttermilk, room temperature; 2 cups Instant pancake mix from above; 8 ounces ripe avocado meat, approximately 2 small to medium avocadoes; 2 teaspoons freshly squeezed lemon juice; 1 pound powdered sugar, sifted; 1/2 teaspoon lemon extract | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Place all of the ingredients in a mixing bowl and whisk well to combine. Store in an airtight container for up to 3 months. Heat an electric griddle or frying pan to 350 degrees. Place the butter, eggs and buttermilk in a mixing bowl and whisk to combine. Pour this over the 2 cups of pancake mix that is in a separate bowl and whisk just to combine. Do not try to remove all of the lumps. Once your griddle or pan is hot, use a large ice cream disher to scoop the batter onto the griddle. Cook for 2-3 minutes or until golden brown, flip and cook for another 2-3 minut <END>
INPUT: cold, soup, olive oil, leeks, watercress, chicken stock, baking potatoes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cold Cream of Watercress Soup | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 tablespoons olive oil; 4 leeks, white parts only, thoroughly washed and chopped; 3 bunches watercress, thoroughly washed, leaves separated from stems, stems chopped; 6 cups chicken stock; 5 medium baking potatoes, peeled and sliced; Salt; Freshly ground black pepper; 1 cup creme fraiche or 1/2 cup each heavy cream and sour cream; 1 teaspoon lemon juice | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat a large saucepan with olive oil over medium-low heat. Add the leeks and the watercress stems only and saute until wilted, about 10 minutes. Add the chicken stock and potatoes and season well with salt and pepper. Bring the liquid to a boil, then reduce the heat and simmer until the potatoes are tender, 25 to 30 minutes. Meanwhile, prepare an ice water bath by partially filling your largest mixing bowl with ice cubes and water. In batches to avoid overfilling and splattering, ladle the soup into a blender or food processor, adding some of the creme fraiche and watercress leaves with each b <END>
INPUT: angel food cake, lemon, coconut
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lemon Coconut Angel Food Cake | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 store bought prepared angel food cake; 1 jar, 9 to 11 ounces, lemon curd, found on jam and jelly aisle; 1 lemon, zested; 1 cup shredded coconut | INSTRUCTIONS: Place cake ring on a serving plate. Warm lemon curd over low heat and stir in lemon zest. Pour the warm sauce down over the cake in a slow stream, glazing it. Sprinkle shredded coconut liberally over the lemon-glazed cake and serve. <END>
INPUT: potato, ragout, leeks, Confit Duck Legs, prunes, Armagnac Cognac, rendered duck fat
OUTPUT: TITLE: Duck Confit with Potato Leek Ragout | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 large leeks (white and pale green parts only), halved lengthwise, then cut into 1-inch pieces (4 cups); 4 Confit Duck Legs at room temperature; 3/4 cup pitted prunes, coarsely chopped; 1/4 cup Armagnac or Cognac; 2 tablespoons rendered duck fat or extra-virgin olive oil; 1/2 pound cremini mushrooms, trimmed and halved lengthwise; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1 cup dry white wine; 1 Turkish or 1/2 California bay leaf; 3 large thyme sprigs; 2 whole cloves; 6 strips (3- by 1-inch) lemon zest; 4 strips (4- by 1-inch) orange zest; 1 cup reduced-sodium chicken broth; 2 cups water, divided | INSTRUCTIONS: Wash sliced leeks and pat dry. Remove duck meat (with skin) from bones in large pieces, reserving meat and bones separately. Simmer prunes and Armagnac in a small saucepan until Armagnac is absorbed, about 3 minutes. Heat rendered duck fat in a 12-inch heavy skillet over medium heat until it shimmers, then cook mushrooms with 1/4 teaspoon salt and 1/8 teaspoon pepper, stirring occasionally, until golden brown, 4 to 5 minutes. Transfer to a bowl. Heat oil in skillet over medium-high heat until it shimmers, then cook leeks with 1/4 teaspoon salt and 1/8 teaspoon pepper, stirring once or twice, u <END>
INPUT: shell shrimp, cornstarch, pepper, kosher salt, vegetable oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Salt-and-Pepper Shrimp | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 pound shell-on large shrimp; 3 tablespoons cornstarch; 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 1 1/2 teaspoons kosher salt, divided; 1 cup vegetable oil; 1 teaspoon Sichuan peppercorns, ground; 1 Fresno chile, thinly sliced, seeds removed if desired; 1/2 cup fresh cilantro leaves with tender stems | INSTRUCTIONS: Using kitchen shears, cut along the backs of shrimp through shells and just deep enough to expose veins; remove veins. Pat shrimp dry. Whisk cornstarch, black pepper, and 3/4 teaspoons salt in a large bowl; add shrimp and toss to coat. Heat oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Working in 2 batches, fry shrimp until golden, crisp, and cooked through, about 1 minute per side. Transfer to paper towels and let drain, then toss in a medium bowl with Sichuan peppercorns and remaining 3/4 teaspoons salt. Add chile and cilantro to bowl and toss to combine. Using kitchen shears, cut along the b <END>
INPUT: salad, avocados, papayas, lime, salt, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Avocado and Papaya Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 avocados, peeled, halved, and pitted; 2 papayas, peeled, halved, and seeded; 1 lime, zested and juiced; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/4 teaspoon sugar; 1/8 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 1/8 teaspoon cayenne; 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Slice the avocados lengthwise into 1/2-inch thick slices. Slice the papayas widthwise into 1/2-inch thick slices. Arrange overlapping slices on a serving platter, alternating slices of avocado and papaya. In a small bowl, combine the remaining ingredients and stir to combine. Spoon the dressing over the avocado and papaya. Serve immediately. <END>
INPUT: Sherry, balsamic vinegar, garlic, shallot, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Stuffed Marinated Portabella Mushrooms | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/3 cup medium-dry Sherry; 3 tablespoons balsamic vinegar; 1 tablespoon minced garlic; 1 tablespoon minced shallot; 1 tablespoon sugar; 1/2 cup olive oil; 1/2 cup vegetable oil; 3 tablespoons finely chopped mixed fresh herbs such as basil, parsley, thyme, sage, and chives; 4 large portabella mushrooms (each 5 to 6 inches in diameter; about 1 pound total); 1 medium white onion; 2 ounces thinly sliced prosciutto; 1/2 stick (1/4 cup) unsalted butter; 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh basil leaves; 1/4 cup finely chopped fresh parsley leaves; 1 1/2 cups fine fresh bread crumbs | INSTRUCTIONS: Make vinaigrette: In a very small saucepan boil Sherry until reduced by about half and let cool. In a bowl whisk together Sherry, balsamic vinegar, garlic, shallot, sugar, and salt and pepper to taste and add oils in a stream, whisking until emulsified. Whisk in herbs and reserve 1/4 cup vinaigrette for dressing mesclun. Transfer remaining vinaigrette to a large sealable plastic bag. Discard stems from mushrooms. Add mushrooms to bag and seal, pressing out excess air. Put bag in a bowl. Marinate mushrooms, chilled, turning bag once or twice, at least 30 minutes and up to 2 hours. Preheat oven  <END>
INPUT: broccoli crowns, olive oil, garlic, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Broccoli with Garlic and Red Pepper | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/4 pounds broccoli crowns, cut into florets (about 8 cups); 3 1/2 tablespoons olive oil, divided; 2 garlic cloves, minced; Large pinch of dried crushed red pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 450°F. Toss broccoli and 3 tablespoons oil in large bowl to coat. Sprinkle with salt and pepper. Transfer to rimmed baking sheet. Roast 15 minutes. Stir remaining 1/2 tablespoon oil, garlic, and red pepper in small bowl. Drizzle garlic mixture over broccoli; toss to coat. Roast until broccoli is beginning to brown, about 8 minutes longer. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Serve immediately. Preheat oven to 450°F. Toss broccoli and 3 tablespoons oil in large bowl to coat. Sprinkle with salt and pepper. Transfer to rimmed baking sheet. Roast 15 minutes. Stir remaining 1/2 tab <END>
INPUT: strudel, two packages spinach, onion, fennel bulb, fennel seeds
OUTPUT: TITLE: Salmon and Spinach Strudel | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: two 10-ounce packages frozen chopped spinach; 1 cup chopped onion; 3/4 cup chopped fennel bulb (sometimes called anise); 2 teaspoons fennel seeds; 1 stick (1/2 cup) unsalted butter; 2 tablespoons all-purpose flour; 1/2 cup milk; 2 tablespoons Ricard or other anise-flavored spirit; 1/2 cup plus 2 tablespoons freshly grated Parmesan; two 3/4-inch-thick salmon steaks (about 1/2 pound each); 2 tablespoons water; 2 tablespoons fine dry bread crumbs; six 18- by 14-inch sheets of phyllo, stacked between 2 sheets of wax paper and covered with a dampened kitchen towel; lemon wedges as an accompaniment | INSTRUCTIONS: In a saucepan cook the spinach according to the package instructions, drain it, and let it cool. When the spinach is cool enough to handle, squeeze it dry by handfuls, transferring it as it is squeezed to a bowl. (The spinach should be very dry.) In the saucepan cook the onion and the fennel bulb and seeds in 2 tablespoons of the butter over moderate heat, stirring, until the vegetables are softened, stir in the flour, and cook the mixture, stirring, for 1 minute. Add the milk and apéritif and cook the mixture, stirring, for 3 minutes. (The mixture will be extremely thick.) Stir the fennel mix <END>
INPUT: American, wrapped, grape vine leaves, log soft, roasted peppers, olive oil, peppers
OUTPUT: TITLE: Goat Cheese Wrapped in Vine Leaves | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 18 grape vine leaves, rinsed and dried*; 1 log soft, young goat cheese, cut into 6 rounds **; 3 roasted red peppers, recipe follows; 1 tablespoon olive oil; 3 large red peppers | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. Overlap 3 grape leaves, vein side facing up, to form a solid circle (see Cook's Note*). Place the goat cheese round in the center of the circle. Use 2 roasted pepper strips to wrap around the cheese. Carefully wrap the leaves snugly around the cheese. Repeat with remaining leaves, cheese and pepper strips. Over high heat, cook the leaf bundles in olive oil for 1 minute on 1 side in an oven-safe skillet. Turn the bundles and cook for 1 minute more. Place the pan in the oven for approximately 3 minutes. To serve, place vine leaf bundle in the center of a large plat <END>
INPUT: American, korean, short, scallions, garlic, soy sauce, sesame oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Korean-style BBQ Short Ribs | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 4 large short ribs; 2 scallions, chopped; 3 garlic cloves, minced; 1/2 cup soy sauce; 1/4 cup sesame oil; 1 teaspoon sesame seeds; 2 tablespoons sugar; 1/4 teaspoon black pepper; 1 tablespoon sake (recommended: Han Soju); Cucumber Kimchi, recipe follows, optional; 5 small pickling cucumbers; 2 tablespoons salt; 2 cups water; 1 pound Chinese turnips, some julienned and some cut into circles; 1/4 cup julienned carrot | INSTRUCTIONS: Score ribs every 1/2-inch along the length and width of the bone, making sure not to cut too deep so the meat will stay attached to the bone. Combine the remaining ingredients in a bowl to make the marinade. Pour the marinade over the ribs and push the sauce into the cuts so it gets all the way down to the bone. Turn the ribs over face down in the marinade and cover for a minimum of 2 hours or refrigerate overnight for a stronger flavor. Remove ribs from the marinade and barbecue over a charcoal grill. Serve ribs with Cucumber Kimchi, steamed rice, and green Korean peppers. Enjoy! Make 3 deep  <END>
INPUT: sausage, light rye bread, smoked kielbasa, onions, celery, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sausage, Apple and Rye-Bread Stuffing | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 12 light rye bread slices (about 1 pound); 1 pound smoked kielbasa (not low-fat); 2 onions; 2 celery ribs; 1 large garlic clove; 1 stick (1/2 cup) unsalted butter; 2 Granny Smith apples; 1 cup packed fresh flat-leafed parsley leaves; 2 cups chicken broth | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 375°F and butter a 3- to 4-quart shallow baking dish. Cut bread into 1/2-inch cubes. In 2 shallow baking pans arrange bread in one layer and toast in upper and lower thirds of oven until golden, 10 to 15 minutes. Quarter kielbasa lengthwise and cut crosswise into 1/4-inch-thick pieces. Chop onions and celery and mince garlic. In a large heavy skillet brown kielbasa over moderate heat, stirring occasionally, and transfer with a slotted spoon to paper towels to drain. To skillet add 6 tablespoons butter (do not discard any fat in skillet) and cook onions, celery, and garlic over  <END>
INPUT: colombian, stew, chicken, water, reduced sodium chicken, onion, guascas oregano
OUTPUT: TITLE: Colombian Chicken, Corn, and Potato Stew | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 whole chicken (about 3 1/2 pounds); 2 quarts water; 2 cups reduced-sodium chicken broth; 1 large white onion, chopped; 1 tablespoon dried guascas or oregano; 1 pound papas criollas (thawed if frozen), quartered, or russet (baking) potatoes; 1 pound Yukon Gold potatoes; 1 pound boiling potatoes; 3 ears corn, cut into 1-inch rounds, or 2 cups kernels (10 ounces); 3/4 cup chopped cilantro, divided; 1 cup crema, or 1/2 cup heavy cream mixed with 1/2 cup sour cream; 1/4 cup drained capers; 3 (6- to 8-ounces) firm-ripe avocados, cut into cubes | INSTRUCTIONS: Put chicken in a 6- to 8-quart pot and add water, broth, onion, guascas, and 1 1/2 teaspoons salt. Bring to a boil, skimming foam, then reduce heat and simmer, covered, until chicken is cooked through, 30 to 40 minutes. Transfer to a plate to cool slightly (reserve broth). Add papas criollas to reserved broth (if using russet potatoes, peel and coarsely grate first) and simmer, uncovered, stirring occasionally, until potatoes are falling apart and beginning to thicken broth (mash if necessary), 20 to 30 minutes. Meanwhile, peel Yukon Golds and boiling potatoes and cut into 1-inch pieces, then  <END>
INPUT: relish, tomatoes, sea salt, garlic, olive oil, young
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Sweet Beet Relish | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 1/4 pounds tomatoes; 2 teaspoons sea salt; 4 garlic cloves, peeled and sliced; 1/4 cup olive oil; 2 1/4 pounds young, small beets, trimmed; Olive oil, for drizzling; 1 1/4 cups granulated sugar; 2/3 cup red wine vinegar; 2 tablespoons balsamic vinegar; 1 large red onion, peeled and finely chopped; 2 ounces freshly grated horseradish root (or pickled horseradish, see below) | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350°F. For the tomato purée, halve the tomatoes and place them, skin side down, on a baking sheet. Sprinkle with the salt, garlic, and olive oil. Roast for 1 hour on the bottom shelf of the oven, then remove. Press through a sieve or pass through a food mill to remove the skins and seeds – you’ll end up with about 1 1/4 cups of intensely flavored purée. Meanwhile, put the beets into a baking dish and drizzle with a little olive oil. Roast, above the tomatoes, for 1 to 1 1/2 hours (longer if necessary), until the skins are blistered, blackened, and loosened. Let cool a littl <END>
INPUT: salad, dressing, virgin olive oil, piece bacon, aged sherry wine, Kosher salt pepper, distilled vinegar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Salad with Poached Eggs and Bacon Dressing | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 teaspoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1 piece bacon, cut crosswise into 1/2 inch thick strips; 1 teaspoon aged sherry or red wine vinegar; Kosher salt plus and freshly ground black pepper; 1 tablespoon distilled vinegar; 1 to 2 large eggs; 1-1/2 cups mixed greens, washed and spun dried; 1 or 2 (1/2-inch) thick slices of a baguette or sourdough bread, lightly toasted | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat the oil in a small saute pan over medium heat. Saute the bacon strips until golden and crispy. Remove the bacon with a slotted spoon to a paper towel to drain and reserve. Pour off the oil and bacon fat, and reserve. Return the pan to the heat and add the vinegar and stir with a wooden spoon, scraping up any browned bits from the bottom of the pan. Whisk in about 4 teaspoons of the reserved pan drippings to make a dressing. Season with salt and pepper to taste and set aside. Fill a small sauce pan with 3 inches of water. Add the distilled vinegar. Bring to a gentle simmer over medium heat <END>
INPUT: loaf, celery, peppers, onions, butter margarine
OUTPUT: TITLE: Hot Broccoli Dip | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 loaf (1-1/2 lb.) round sourdough bread; 1/2 cup chopped celery; 1/2 cup chopped red peppers; 1/4 cup chopped onions; 2 Tbsp. butter or margarine; 1 lb. (16 oz.) VELVEETA Pasteurized Prepared Cheese Product, cut into 1/2-inch cubes; 1 pkg. (10 oz.) frozen chopped broccoli, thawed, drained; 1/4 tsp. dried rosemary leaves, crushed; Few drops hot pepper sauce | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat oven to 350 degrees F. Cut slice from top of bread loaf; remove center, leaving 1-inch-thick shell. Cut removed bread into bite-size pieces. Cover shell with top of bread; place on baking sheet with bread pieces. Bake 15 min. Cool slightly. Meanwhile, cook and stir celery, red peppers and onions in butter in medium saucepan on medium heat until tender. Add VELVEETA; cook on low heat until melted, stirring frequently. Add broccoli, rosemary and hot pepper sauce; cook until heated through, stirring constantly. Spoon into bread loaf. Serve with toasted bread pieces, NABISCO Crackers and/or a <END>
INPUT: rolls, baking potato, hot water, eggs, sugar, rapid rise yeast
OUTPUT: TITLE: Potato Rolls | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 medium baking potato (about 6 ounces); 1/2 cup hot water (115 degrees F); 2 large eggs, at room temperature; 2/3 cup sugar (4 1/4 ounces); 2 1/4 teaspoons rapid rise yeast (1/4 ounce package); 1 teaspoon fine salt; 4 1/4 to 1/2 cups all-purpose flour (13 1/8 ounces); 1/2 cup unsalted butter (1 stick), at room temperature, plus more for brushing | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: 2 (9-inch) round or square cake pans Cook the potato in a microwave on HIGH until soft and it squeezes easily, using the designated baked potato setting, or up to 15 minutes. Peel and pass the warm potato through a potato ricer or food mill into a large bowl. (You should have 1 cup pureed potato.) Stir the hot water, eggs, half the sugar and yeast into the potato. Add 2 cups of the flour and the salt and mix with a wooden spoon to make a sticky, shaggy dough. Cover the bowl tightly with plastic wrap and set aside in a warm place until the dough doubles in volume, about 1 1/2 <END>
INPUT: Mexican, vinaigrette, shelled pumpkin seeds, winter squash, olive oil, Kosher salt, pork chops
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pork Chops and Squash with Pumpkin Seed Vinaigrette | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons shelled pumpkin seeds (pepitas); 3 pounds winter squash (such as acorn, kabocha, delicata, or butternut), halved, seeded, cut into 1" wedges; 5 tablespoons olive oil, divided; Kosher salt, freshly ground pepper; 4 1"-thick bone-in pork chops; 1/2 small garlic clove, finely grated; 3 tablespoons coarsely chopped fresh cilantro plus leaves for garnish; 2 tablespoons (or more) fresh lime juice | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 425°F. Spread out pumpkin seeds on a large rimmed baking sheet. Toast, tossing once, until just beginning to darken, about 4 minutes. Let cool. Coarsely chop; set aside. Toss squash with 1 tablespoon oil on a large rimmed baking sheet; season with salt and pepper. Roast squash, turning occasionally, until golden brown and tender, 35-40 minutes. When squash has been roasting for 30 minutes, heat 1 tablespoon oil in a large heavy skillet over medium-high heat. Season pork chops with salt and pepper and cook until brown, 5-8 minutes. Turn over and cook until pork is cooked through <END>
INPUT: veggie, burgers, Two beans, panko breadcrumbs, lemon juice, oregano, kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Black Bean Veggie Burgers with Greek Mayo | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Two 15-ounce cans black beans, drained and rinsed; 1/2 cup panko breadcrumbs; 3 tablespoons freshly squeezed lemon juice; 2 teaspoons dried oregano; 2 teaspoons kosher salt; 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 3 to 4 large cloves garlic, minced; 2 eggs, beaten; 1 small onion, finely chopped; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 6 whole-grain hamburger buns; Serving suggestions: lettuce, tomato slices and red onion slices; 1 cup mayonnaise; 2 teaspoons dried oregano; 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: For the burgers: Add the beans to a large bowl with the breadcrumbs, lemon juice, oregano, salt, pepper, garlic, eggs and onions. Mash with a fork or your hands until the mixture is homogeneous. Portion into 6 patties and refrigerate for 1 hour. For the mayo: In a small bowl, mix the mayonnaise, oregano, pepper, salt, garlic and lemon juice. Heat a medium pan over medium-high heat and add the olive oil. Cook the burgers until golden brown, 3 to 4 minutes per side. Place each burger on a bun, and top with lettuce, tomatoes, onions and some Greek mayo to serve. <END>
INPUT: gratin, butter, panko, Pecorino Romano cheese, Italian parsley, lemon peel
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fennel Gratin with Pecorino and Lemon | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons butter; 3/4 cup panko (Japanese breadcrumbs); 1 cup Pecorino Romano cheese; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh Italian parsley; 1 1/2 teaspoons finely grated lemon peel; 5 tablespoons olive oil; 1 12- to 13-ounce onion, halved, cut into 1/4-inch-thick slices; 3 large garlic cloves, minced; 5 large fresh fennel bulbs, trimmed, cored, cut into 1/4-inch-thick slices; 1/2 cup low-salt chicken broth; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh Italian parsley; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh thyme; 1 1/2 teaspoons coarse kosher salt; 1/2 teaspoon black pepper; Ingredient Info: Panko can be found in the Asian foods section of most supermarkets | INSTRUCTIONS: Gratin: Lightly oil shallow 2-quart glass or ceramic baking dish. Heat 5 tablespoons oil in large wide pot over medium heat. Add onion and garlic; sauté until soft but not brown, about 5 minutes. Add fennel; increase heat to medium-high and sautéuntil fennel is slightly softened and beginning to brown, stirring frequently, about 18 minutes. Stir in broth and next 4 ingredients. Reduce heat to medium-low; simmer until most of broth is absorbed, about 5 minutes. Transfer to dish.DO AHEAD: Can be made 1 day ahead. Cool slightly; cover and chill. Let stand at room temperature 1 hour before baking. <END>
INPUT: smoothie, containers low fat, bananas, oranges, dark cherries, strawberries
OUTPUT: TITLE: Banana-Orange Smoothie | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 8-ounce containers low-fat cherry yogurt; 2 bananas, peeled, cut into pieces; 2 oranges, peeled, white pith removed, cut into segments; 16 frozen dark cherries; 12 frozen strawberries | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine 1 container yogurt, 1 banana, 1 orange, 8 cherries and 6 strawberries in blender. Blend on medium speed until smooth. Divide between 2 glasses. Repeat with remaining ingredients. Combine 1 container yogurt, 1 banana, 1 orange, 8 cherries and 6 strawberries in blender. Blend on medium speed until smooth. Divide between 2 glasses. Repeat with remaining ingredients. <END>
INPUT: crushed, bruschetta, chicken broth, great Northern beans, garlic, bay leaf, Kosher salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Crushed White Bean Bruschetta with White Truffle Oil | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 cups chicken broth; 2/3 cup dried great Northern beans, soaked overnight; 3 cloves garlic; 1 bay leaf; Kosher salt and freshly ground white pepper; 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 3 tablespoons thinly sliced scallions; 1 tablespoon chopped flat-leaf parsley; White truffle oil, as needed; 1 loaf bread, such as ciabatta or baguette, sliced and lightly toasted | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large pot, combine the broth, beans, garlic, and bay leaf and bring to a boil. Lower the heat and simmer until the beans are tender, about 45 minutes. Season the beans, to taste, with salt and pepper. Cool in the liquid. Drain the beans, reserving the garlic cloves. Place the beans in a bowl and coarsely mash with a potato masher. Add 2 to 3 cloves of garlic and continue mashing. Mash in the olive oil, but keep the mixture fairly coarse. Season with salt and pepper. Stir in the scallions and parsley. Spoon into a serving bowl and drizzle with white truffle oil. Serve with a basket of cris <END>
INPUT: Mexican, glaze, tangerine juice, honey, soy sauce, tangerine peel orange, chipotle chiles adobo
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken with Tangerine, Honey, and Chipotle Glaze | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups fresh tangerine juice; 5 tablespoons honey; 1/4 cup soy sauce; 2 tablespoons finely grated tangerine peel or orange peel; 2 teaspoons minced canned chipotle chiles in adobo sauce*; 1 cup fresh tangerine juice or orange juice; 1/3 cup chopped fresh parsley; 1/3 cup chopped fresh cilantro; 3 tablespoons chopped fresh thyme; 3 tablespoons minced peeled fresh ginger; 3 tablespoons unseasoned rice vinegar; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 2 tablespoons finely grated tangerine peel or orange peel; 1 teaspoon coarse kosher salt; 1 2 3/4- to 3-pound chicken, quartered, backbone removed | INSTRUCTIONS: For glaze: Boil juice, honey, and soy sauce in heavy medium saucepan until reduced to 2/3 cup, about 20 minutes. Mix in grated peel and chipotle chiles. Boil juice, honey, and soy sauce in heavy medium saucepan until reduced to 2/3 cup, about 20 minutes. Mix in grated peel and chipotle chiles. For chicken: Whisk first 9 ingredients in 13x9x2-inch glass baking dish to blend. Add chicken; turn to coat with marinade. Cover; chill at least 2 hours and up to 1 day, turning occasionally. Spray grill rack with nonstick spray and prepare barbecue (medium-low heat). Remove chicken from marinade; discar <END>
INPUT: sun pappadams, vegetable oil if, available at East
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pappadams | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 12 sun-dried pappadams* (Indian wafers, sometimes called papads) in assorted flavors such as tandoori and Madras-spiced; about 5 cups vegetable oil if frying; *available at East Indian markets, some specialty foods shops | INSTRUCTIONS: To fry pappadams: In a heavy kettle heat 1 1/2 inches oil over moderate heat until it registers 365° F. on a deep-fat thermometer and fry pappadams until crisp and golden, 2 or 3 seconds. With tongs transfer pappadams to paper towels to drain briefly. In a heavy kettle heat 1 1/2 inches oil over moderate heat until it registers 365° F. on a deep-fat thermometer and fry pappadams until crisp and golden, 2 or 3 seconds. With tongs transfer pappadams to paper towels to drain briefly. To broil pappadams: Preheat broiler. Broil pappadams 4 to 6 inches from heat until they bubble and become opaque,  <END>
INPUT: petite, curd, Ingredients Basic Butter, confectioners' sugar dredging, lemon juice, lemon zest, granulated sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Petite Lemon Curd Cookies | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Ingredients for Basic Butter Cookies, recipe follows; 1 1/2 cups confectioners' sugar for dredging and dusting; 3/4 cup fresh lemon juice; 1 tablespoon finely grated fresh lemon zest; 3/4 cup granulated sugar; 1 stick (1/2 cup) unsalted butter, cut into bits; 2 tablespoons cornstarch; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 4 large egg yolks; 2 cups all-purpose flour; 1/2 teaspoon baking powder; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1 1/2 sticks (3/4 cup) unsalted butter, softened; 1 cup sugar; 1 large egg | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: a 1 1/4-inch round cookie cutter; a pastry bag fitted with small plain tip or a heavy-duty sealable plastic bag (not pleated) To make the cookie dough: Follow recipe for basic butter cookies, forming dough into 2 balls (instead of a log) and flattening each into a 6-inch disk. Chill disks, wrapped in plastic wrap, until firm, at least 1 hour. To make the lemon curd: Simmer lemon juice, zest, sugar, butter, cornstarch, and salt in a 2-quart heavy saucepan over moderately high heat, whisking constantly, 1 minute. Lightly beat yolks in a small bowl, then add 1/4 cup lemon mixtu <END>
INPUT: cookies, currants, orange flavored liqueur, all purpose flour, baking powder, baking soda
OUTPUT: TITLE: Orange Currant Polenta Cookies | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups dried currants; 1/4-cup orange-flavored liqueur (recommended: Grand Marnier) or water; 4 cups all-purpose flour; 1 teaspoon baking powder; 1/4 teaspoon baking soda; 1 teaspoon salt; 1 1/2 cups (3 sticks) unsalted butter, at room temperature, cut into cubes; 2 cups sugar; 2 large eggs; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; 2 medium oranges, zest finely grated; 1 tablespoon coarse polenta or cornmeal | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. In a small bowl, add the currants and orange-flavored liqueur, or water. Soak for 5 minutes, then drain and discard the liquid. Set aside. Sift together the flour, baking powder, baking soda, and salt in a large bowl. Add the butter and sugar to the bowl of a stand mixer and beat to combine. Gradually add the eggs and vanilla and mix on medium speed until incorporated, (the mixture will look curdled). Scrape down the sides of the bowl. Add the flour mixture all at once and mix again on low speed until a dough forms - scrape again including the beaters. When a <END>
INPUT: Mexican, vegan, sunflower oil, onion, carrots, jalapeño peppers, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Vegan Chili | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon sunflower oil; 1 medium yellow onion, diced; 1 cup shredded carrots; 1-2 jalapeño peppers, stemmed, seeded, and minced; 3 garlic cloves, minced; 1/2 cup bulgur, rinsed; 2 tablespoons chili powder; 1 tablespoon ground cumin; 2 cups diced fresh tomatoes (about 2 medium or 6 plum tomatoes); 1 1/2 cups tomato sauce; 1 (15-ounce) can kidney beans, drained and rinsed; 1 1/2 (15-ounce) cans black beans, drained and rinsed; 1 1/2 teaspoons kosher salt, or to taste; Chopped fresh cilantro | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. Heat the oil in a Dutch oven or large heavy pot over medium-high heat. Add the onion, carrots, and jalapeño and sauté, stirring often, until the onion is soft and translucent, about 5 minutes. Add the garlic and sauté for 1 minute. Add the bulgur, chili powder, and cumin and stir until well combined. 2. Stir in the tomatoes, tomato sauce, and beans. Bring to a boil, then reduce the heat, cover, and simmer, stirring occasionally, until the beans are tender, about 1 hour. Season with salt to taste. Serve with a sprinkling of cilantro, if desired. 1. Heat the oil in a Dutch oven or large heavy <END>
INPUT: sugar, blueberries, brewed unsweetened tea, fruity rosé, bourbon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Rosé, Bourbon, and Blue | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 7 tablespoons raw sugar; 2 cups fresh blueberries, divided; 2 cups brewed unsweetened black tea; 1 1/2 cups fruity rosé; 1 cup bourbon; 3/4 cup fresh lemon juice; 8 lemon slices | INSTRUCTIONS: Stir sugar with 7 tablespoons hot water in a small bowl until sugar is dissolved; transfer to a food processor. Add 1 1/2 cups blueberries to processor and purée. Set a strainer over a large pitcher. Strain blueberry mixture, pressing on solids to extract as much liquid as possible; discard solids. Add tea, rosé, bourbon, and lemon juice to pitcher. Refrigerate until chilled, about 2 hours. Cut remaining 1/2 cup blueberries in half; add to pitcher. Fill Old Fashioned glasses with ice. Divide cocktail among glasses. Garnish with lemon slices and serve. Stir sugar with 7 tablespoons hot water in <END>
INPUT: Mexican, salad, herb, garlic, corn, arugula, lightly cilantro
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Shrimp and Corn Salad with Herb Lime Dressing | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup (1 stick) salted butter; 4 cloves garlic, finely chopped; 4 ears corn, husked and cleaned; 2 cups arugula, chopped; 1/2 cup lightly chopped fresh cilantro; 1/2 cup olive oil; 1/2 cup lightly chopped fresh parsley; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh tarragon; 1 avocado, pitted and diced; One 14-ounce can black-eyed peas, drained and rinsed; 1 jalapeno, diced; 1 lime, juiced; 1/2 red onion, diced; 1 pound large shrimp, peeled and deveined, tails left on (about 16 shrimp); 1 teaspoon paprika | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Special equipment: 4 skewers Preheat a grill or grill pan to medium-high heat. In a small saucepan set over medium heat, melt the butter and garlic together. Brush the corn with the butter mixture and reserve the remaining butter for a later use. Grill the corn until slightly charred and cooked through, about 3 minutes per side. Remove from the heat, then cut the kernels from the cobs and place in a large bowl. Stir in the arugula, cilantro, oil, parsley, tarragon, avocados, black-eyed peas, jalapenos, lime juice and onions. Thread the shrimp onto the skewers, 4  <END>
INPUT: gelatin, mold, bing cherries, walnut halves, cherry Jell, sherry, orange juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cherry-Walnut Gelatin Mold | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound pitted bing cherries (frozen or canned), thawed if frozen; 1 1/4 cups walnut halves; 1 6-ounce package cherry Jell-O; 1 cup sherry; 1/2 cup orange juice; Cooking spray | INSTRUCTIONS: Drain the cherries and pat dry. Break the walnuts into pieces, then stuff each cherry with a nut. Combine the Jell-O and 2 cups boiling water in a bowl and stir until dissolved. Stir in the sherry and orange juice. Lightly spray a 6-cup gelatin mold or glass bowl with cooking spray. Pour in the gelatin mixture and scatter the stuffed cherries and remaining walnuts evenly in the mold. Cover and refrigerate until set, about 8 hours or overnight. Before serving, place the mold in a bowl of hot water to loosen the gelatin, about 5 minutes. Gently invert over a platter to release. Photograph by Kan <END>
INPUT: salad, beans, garlic, bay leaf, virgin olive oil, lemon zest
OUTPUT: TITLE: White Bean Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup dried small white beans, such as cannellini or Great Northern, or 1 15-ounce can; 1 clove garlic; 1 bay leaf; 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 1/2 teaspoon grated lemon zest; 1 tablespoon lemon juice; 1/2 teaspoon honey; 1 tablespoon chopped shallot; 1 cup snow peas or sugar snap peas; 1/2 bunch fresh chives, chopped; 5 mild radishes, such as Lady Slipper radishes, thinly sliced; 3 tablespoons chopped fresh basil | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. If you're using dried beans, first rinse them, picking out any stones, and place in a bowl. Cover with cold water and soak for 8 hours, or overnight, then drain the beans and place in a pot. Add the garlic and bay leaf and enough water to cover the beans by at least 1 inch. Bring to a boil, reduce the heat, cover, and simmer, stirring occasionally, until the beans are tender, about 1 hour. 2. In a small bowl, combine the olive oil, lemon zest, lemon juice, honey, and shallot. Whisk to combine. 3. When the beans are done, drain them well and place in a medium bowl. Discard the bay leaf and g <END>
INPUT: American, oven, sandwiches, spelt bread other, Olive oil, soy cheese almond, pepper, Coarse sea salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Oven Grilled "Cheese" Sandwiches with Arugula, Red Onion and Tomato | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 4 slices spelt bread or other whole-grain bread; Olive oil; 5 ounces soy cheese or almond cheese; Freshly ground pepper; Coarse sea salt; 2 very thin slices red onion; 2 very thin slices tomato; 8 leaves arugula, washed and dried | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 500 degrees. Place a 10-inch nonstick pan with an ovenproof handle in the top third of the preheated oven. Allow the pan to heat for 3 to 5 minutes. Brush 1 of each of the bread slices with a slight coating of olive oil. Build the sandwiches by placing 2 slices of bread oil side down. Top each slice with half the cheese, spreading it evenly. Season with pepper and a few grains of salt. Top each sandwich with 1 of the remaining slices of bread, oil side up. Place the sandwiches in the heated pan and cook for 5 minutes. Turn them over and cook for 5 minutes more; remove the p <END>
INPUT: meringues, granulated sugar, balsamic vinegar, egg whites, cream tartar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate Meringues and Strawberries | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 bag (16 ounce) frozen strawberries, thawed, halved; 3/4 cup plus 2 tablespoons granulated sugar, divided; 1 teaspoon balsamic vinegar; 3 egg whites, at room temperature; 1/4 teaspoon cream of tartar; 5 teaspoons cocoa powder, sifted; 3/4 cup heavy cream; 2 tablespoons confectioner's sugar; 2 ounces dark chocolate (60%¿70% cacao), shaved | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat oven to 325°. In a bowl, combine strawberries, 2 tablespoons granulated sugar and vinegar. Using an electric mixer, beat egg whites until peaks form. Add cream of tartar and a pinch of salt; beat to combine. Slowly add remaining 3/4 cup granulated sugar, beating until stiff peaks form. Sprinkle cocoa over egg mixture; whip until just combined. Spread into 6 mounds, 3 inches each, on a parchment paper–lined baking sheet. Make an indentation in the middle of each meringue so sides are 1/2-inch thick. Place in oven, reduce temperature to 300° and bake until meringues are dry on outside and s <END>
INPUT: dark roast coffee, firmly sugar, McCormick® Cinnamon, McCormick® Pure Vanilla, water
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cinnamon Coffee | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 cup ground dark roast coffee (regular or decaffeinated); 1/4 cup firmly packed brown sugar; 2 tablespoons McCormick® Cinnamon, Ground; 1/2 teaspoon McCormick® Pure Vanilla Extract; 6 cups water | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. Place coffee, sugar and cinnamon in filter in brew basket of coffee maker. Place vanilla in empty pot of coffee maker. Add water to coffee maker; brew as directed. 2. Pour into serving cups. Garnish with whipped cream and additional cinnamon, if desired. <END>
INPUT: olive oil, zucchini, garlic, pepper, Sea salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Zucchini with Garlic and Dried Crushed Red Pepper | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons olive oil; 2 pounds zucchini, halved crosswise, each half cut lengthwise into 4 flat slices; 4 garlic cloves, minced; 1/2 teaspoon dried crushed red pepper; Sea salt (preferably fleur de sel); 1 tablespoon chopped fresh parsley | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat oil in heavy large skillet over medium heat. Add zucchini; sauté until slices are light golden and tender, about 5 minutes. Add garlic and red pepper; stir 1 minute. Season to taste with sea salt. Transfer zucchini to serving platter, sprinkle with parsley, and serve. Heat oil in heavy large skillet over medium heat. Add zucchini; sauté until slices are light golden and tender, about 5 minutes. Add garlic and red pepper; stir 1 minute. Season to taste with sea salt. Transfer zucchini to serving platter, sprinkle with parsley, and serve. <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, salad, tomatoes, onion, olive oil, wine vinegar, parsley
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tomato Salad with Feta and Olives | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 5 large tomatoes (about 3 pounds), cored, sliced; 1 red onion, halved, thinly sliced; 1/2 cup olive oil; 1/2 cup red wine vinegar; 1/4 cup chopped fresh parsley; 3 large garlic cloves, finely chopped; 4 ounces feta cheese (about 1 generous cup), crumbled; 1/3 cup brine-cured olives, preferably Kalamata (optional) | INSTRUCTIONS: Overlap tomato and onion slices on large platter. Whisk oil, vinegar, parsley and garlic in small bowl. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Pour over salad. Let stand at room temperature 1 hour or cover and refrigerate up to 3 hours, basting occasionally with dressing. Sprinkle salad with cheese and garnish with olives, if desired. Overlap tomato and onion slices on large platter. Whisk oil, vinegar, parsley and garlic in small bowl. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Pour over salad. Let stand at room temperature 1 hour or cover and refrigerate up to 3 hours, basting occasionally with dr <END>
INPUT: soup, hocks, olive oil, onion, celery, carrots, split peas
OUTPUT: TITLE: Split Pea Soup with Ham Hocks | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup olive oil; 1 large onion, finely diced; 2 celery stalks, finely diced; 2 carrots, finely diced; One 1-pound bag split peas, rinsed and picked through; 1 1/2 pound smoked ham hock; 2 quarts chicken stock, water, or combination; Salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large saucepan, saute onion, celery and carrots over medium-high heat. Add peas and ham hock and cover with stock by a couple inches. Bring to a simmer and cook about 1 hour until soup is thick and peas have almost disintegrated but not quite. Season, to taste, with salt and pepper. Remove ham hock and let cool. Pull meat from ham hock bone and shred. Garnish with ham and pepper. <END>
INPUT: sauce, whipped, gin, port, thyme, juniper berries, venison steaks
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pan Roasted Venison with Spicy Cranberry Mexican Cinnamon Sauce with Whipped Sweet Potatoes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup gin; 2 cups port; 6 sprigs fresh thyme; 6 juniper berries; 4 venison steaks, 6 ounces each; Salt and freshly ground pepper; 3 tablespoons olive oil; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1 onion, peeled and finely chopped; 2 stalks celery, finely chopped; 2 carrots, peeled and finely chopped; 1/2 cup port wine; 1/4 teaspoon Mexican cinnamon; 1/4 teaspoon allspice; 1/2 cup cranberry juice | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine gin, port, thyme and juniper berries in a medium shallow baking dish. Add the venison and turn to coat. Cover and marinate in refrigerator for 30 minutes. Heat oil in a large saute pan over high heat until almost smoking. Remove the venison from the marinade and shake off excess. Season with salt and pepper to taste. Cook on one side until golden brown. Turn over, reduce heat to medium and continue cooking until medium-rare, 3-4 minutes. Heat butter in a medium saucepan over medium-high heat. Add the onions, celery and carrots and cook until soft. Raise the heat to high and add the por <END>
INPUT: salad, shucked fava beans, virgin olive oil, shallot, corn kernels, breakfast radishes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fava Bean, Radish, and Corn Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cups shucked fava beans; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1 shallot, minced; 1 1/2 cups corn kernels; 8 breakfast radishes, sliced on the bias; 2 tablespoons chopped chives; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh basil; 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice; Salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Method: Cook the fava beans in a pot of simmering salted water for 2 to 3 minutes or until cooked al dente. Drain in a colander and shock immediately in a bowl of ice water to stop the cooking. Drain and place in a medium mixing bowl. Place 1 tablespoon of the olive oil in a preheated sauté pan. Add the shallots and cook over medium heat for 1 minute or until the shallots are translucent. Add the corn to the pan and cook for 3 minutes or until the corn is just cooked. Remove from the heat and cool to room temperature. Add the corn, radishes, chives, basil, lemon juice, and remaining olive oil  <END>
INPUT: roast, chicken, salt, pepper, lemon, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Perfect Roast Chicken | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 3/4 pound chicken, preferably free-range organic; 2 teaspoons salt; 3/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 1 lemon, cut in half; 1 head garlic, halved horizontally; 1 bay leaf | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 475 degrees. Season the inside and outside of the chicken with the salt and pepper. Put the lemon and garlic halves and bay leaf in cavity of chicken. Place chicken on a lightly oiled rack set into a small roasting pan, or on a broaster. Place in oven and roast for one hour, or until done, depending on size of chicken, until instant read thermometer inserted into thickest part of thigh reads 165 degrees, or until thigh joint juices run clear, not pink, when pierced with a knife. Remove chicken from oven and allow to rest in a warm place 10 minutes before carving or cutting into <END>
INPUT: piccata, olive oil, eggs, all purpose flour, Parmesan, pounded chicken breasts
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken Piccata | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup olive oil; 2 large eggs; 1/2 cup all-purpose flour; 1/2 cup grated Parmesan; 1 pound thinly sliced or pounded boneless skinless chicken breasts; 6 tablespoons butter; 1 clove garlic, minced; 1 cup chicken broth; One 3 1/2-ounce jar capers, rinsed and drained; 1 1/2 tablespoons white wine vinegar; 1 tablespoon or more fresh lemon juice; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Heat the olive oil on the stovetop in a large skillet over medium heat. Beat the eggs in a shallow bowl. In a separate dish, mix the flour and Parmesan. Dredge the chicken pieces in the eggs and then in the flour-cheese mixture. Add 2 tablespoons of the butter to the heated olive oil, and when the butter melts, add the floured chicken breasts. Cook until browned, 3 to 4 minutes on each side. Transfer the chicken to a platter and set aside. Cook your chicken in batches if they don't all fit comfortably in the pan. Add the remaining 4 tablespoons of butter and the  <END>
INPUT: Mexican, soup, corn, olive oil, onion, garlic, chipotle chili powder
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spicy Corn Soup | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 4 ears corn, kernels scraped from the cob, or 3 cups corn kernels (fresh, frozen, or canned); 1 tablespoon olive oil; 1 yellow onion, diced; 1 tablespoon finely chopped garlic; 1 tablespoon dried chipotle chili powder *see note; 1 teaspoon salt; 1/2 teaspoon black pepper; 6 cups chicken stock; 1 red bell pepper, roasted, peeled, seeded and diced; 1 1/2 cups heavy cream | INSTRUCTIONS: Prepare the corn by cutting the kernels from the cob. You should have approximately 3 cups of corn kernels from 4 cobs of corn. Save the corn cobs and set aside. The cobs will add additional corn flavor to the soup. In a medium-sized saucepan over medium-high heat, add the olive oil, then the onions. Saute for 3 to 4 minutes until they are translucent, stirring occasionally. Add the garlic and chipotle chili powder and saute for 1 more minute. Add the corn kernels and saute for another 3 minutes, stirring constantly. Add the salt, black pepper, and chicken stock and bring to a boil. (If you ha <END>
INPUT: hellfire, Louisiana style hot, Worcestershire sauce, unsalted butter, habanero pepper, cayenne pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Hellfire Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups Louisiana-style hot sauce; 2 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce; 1/3 pound unsalted butter, cubed; 4 tablespoons ground habanero pepper; 2 tablespoons ground cayenne pepper; 2 tablespoons ground ghost pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: In a saucepan, bring the hot sauce and Worcestershire sauce to a low boil. Remove from the heat and whisk in the butter until it is melted and thoroughly blended. Take 9 ounces of the Hellfire base and whisk in the ground habanero, cayenne and ghost peppers. Cook's Notes: Add Hellfire sauce to any dish or party and zing it to life. It is advised to wear gloves during preparation. This sauce is extremely spicy and may not be suited for everyone. Handle with care. This recipe was provided by a professional chef or restaurant and may have been scaled down from a bulk recipe. The Food Network Kitc <END>
INPUT: Italian, Roasted Garlic Pesto, Parmesan, garlic, sprays olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pesto Spaghetti Squash | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 (3-pound) spaghetti squash, split in 1/2 lengthwise; 1 recipe Roasted Garlic Pesto, recipe follows; 1/4 cup Parmesan; 4 heads garlic; 4 sprays olive oil cooking spray; 2 cups fresh basil leaves; 1 teaspoon pine nuts | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Reserve half of the squash for another use. Place 1 spaghetti squash half, cut side down, on a nonstick baking sheet. Roast for 30 to 40 minutes or until tender. Remove flesh from skin with a fork. Toss with the roasted garlic pesto. Top with Parmesan and serve warm. Preheat oven to 375 degrees F. Cut tops off garlic. Lightly spray each with cooking oil spray. Wrap in aluminum foil and roast for 1 hour. Let cool before handling. Squeeze pulp from garlic into a food processor. Add basil and pine nuts and pulse until smooth. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, crusted, salad, Ancho chile powder, cumin, salt, pepper, olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Red Chile-Crusted Sea Scallops with Mango and Tortilla Salad and Orange Vinaigrette | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons Ancho chile powder; 2 tablespoons ground toasted cumin; 1 teaspoon salt; 1 teaspoon freshly ground pepper; 1/4 cup olive oil; 18 large sea scallops, rinsed and patted dry (about 1/2 pound); 1 cup peanut or vegetable oil; Three 6-inch tortillas, preferably blue corn, cut into very thin strips; 2 cups bitter or peppery greens, such as mizuna, arugula, mustard greens, or frisee; 1/2 cup Orange Vinaigrette; 1 large ripe mango, peeled, seeded and diced | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine the chile powder, cumin, salt and pepper in a bowl. Set aside. In a saute pan over high heat, heat the olive oil until it begins to smoke. Slightly dredge the scallops in the chile mixture on one side only. Place the scallops in the heated pan, chile side down, and cook for 20 seconds. Reduce the heat to low, turn the scallops, and cook for 2 to 3 minutes more. Remove from pan and reserve. In a saucepan over high heat, heat the peanut oil to about 375 degrees, or until a tortilla strip sizzles when it is immersed. Fry the tortilla strips for 10 to 20 seconds, or until crisp, and drain  <END>
INPUT: unsweetened coconut, water, beans, vegetable oil, mustard seeds
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sauteed Green Beans with Coconut | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup finely grated unsweetened coconut* (1 1/2 oz); 1/3 cup water; 1 lb green beans, trimmed; 3 tablespoons vegetable oil; 2 teaspoons black mustard seeds*; 1 (1 1/2-inch) dried hot red chile, seeded and crumbled; 1 Turkish bay leaf or 1/2 California; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 1/4 teaspoon black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Stir together coconut and water in a bowl. Let soak at room temperature until water is absorbed, about 1 hour. Cook beans in a 6-quart heavy pot of boiling salted water , uncovered, until crisp-tender, 6 to 7 minutes. Transfer beans to a colander set in a bowl of ice and cold water to stop cooking, then drain well. Heat oil in a 12-inch heavy skillet over moderately high heat until hot but not smoking, then add mustard seeds, chile, and bay leaf and sauté, stirring, until mustard seeds make popping sounds, about 1 minute. Add beans and stir until coated with oil. Add coconut mixture and cook,  <END>
INPUT: salad, vinaigrette, broccoli florets, oranges, tomatoes, sweet onion, basil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Orange, Tomato, Broccoli, and Sweet Onion Salad with Orange Vinaigrette | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups 3/4-inch pieces broccoli florets (about 8 ounces); 3 large oranges; 2 large tomatoes, coarsely chopped; 1 cup diced sweet onion (such as Vidalia or Maui); 1/4 cup sliced fresh basil; 2 tablespoons vegetable oil; 1 1/2 tablespoons red wine vinegar; 1 1/2 teaspoons grated orange peel | INSTRUCTIONS: Steam broccoli until crisp-tender, about 3 minutes. Place broccoli in large bowl. Cut peel and white pith from oranges. Holding oranges over small bowl to catch juice, cut between membranes to release segments. Cut each orange segment crosswise into 3 pieces. Add orange pieces, tomatoes, onion, and fresh basil to bowl with broccoli. Add oil, vinegar, and orange peel to bowl with collected orange juice; whisk to blend. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Pour vinaigrette over broccoli mixture and toss to coat. Divide salad among 4 plates and serve. Steam broccoli until crisp-tender, about 3 m <END>
INPUT: crunchy, distilled vinegar, eggs, virgin olive oil, garlic, Serrano ham prosciutto
OUTPUT: TITLE: Crunchy Eggs with Piquillo Peppers | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon distilled white vinegar; 4 extra-large eggs; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 4 garlic cloves, thinly sliced; 2 ounces thinly sliced Serrano ham or prosciutto, cut into 2x1/4" strips; 1/2 cup canned piquillo peppers or roasted red peppers from jar, cut lengthwise into 1/2"-wide strips; 1/2 cup dry Sherry; 2 teaspoons chopped fresh marjoram; 1 teaspoon kosher salt plus more for seasoning; Freshly ground black pepper; 1 cup panko (Japanese breadcrumbs); 1/2 teaspoon chopped fresh thyme; 2 large egg whites; 3/4 cup olive oil; Ingredient info: Serrano ham (also known as jamón Serrano) is sold at specialty foods stores and Latin markets. Piquillo peppers can be found at speci | INSTRUCTIONS: Line a rimmed baking sheet with plastic wrap. Pour water into a large skillet to a depth of 2". Bring water to a boil; lower heat to maintain a simmer. Add vinegar. Break 1 egg into a small ramekin or bowl. Partially immerse cup in water and quickly slide egg into water. Repeat with remaining 3 eggs. Cook until whites are firm but yolks are still runny, about 3 minutes. Using a slotted spoon, transfer eggs to prepared sheet. Trim eggs' ragged edges with a knife. Slide eggs into a medium bowl filled with ice water. Cover bowl; chill until cold.DO AHEAD: Can be made 1 day ahead. Keep chilled. He <END>
INPUT: water, Cajun seasoning, shrimp, mango, Vidalia onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Boiled Shrimp | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups water; 1 tablespoon Cajun seasoning; 4 shrimp, peeled and deveined; 1 whole mango, peeled, pitted, and diced; 1 Vidalia onion, diced; 1 teaspoon vinegar; Ground nutmeg; Ground cinnamon; Radicchio, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring 2 cups of water to boil and add the Cajun seasoning. Add the shrimp and cook for 1 minute. Remove from the heat and drain. In a separate bowl, combine the mango, onion, vinegar, nutmeg, to taste, and cinnamon, to taste. After shrimp is cooked, toss the shrimp with the above mango mixture. To serve, place mixture in radicchio. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, miniature, cupcakes, vanilla flavored boxed, condensed milk, key lime juice, heavy cream, confectioners' sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Miniature Spicy Key Lime Cupcakes | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: One 16.5-ounce vanilla-flavored boxed cake mix; 1/2 cup sweetened condensed milk; 1/4 cup key lime juice; 2 cups cold heavy cream; 3 tablespoons confectioners' sugar; Cayenne pepper, for garnish; Zest from 2 to 3 limes, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: miniature cupcake liners, squeeze bottle, piping bag and a large star tip Position a rack in the center of the oven and preheat to 325 degrees F. Line 3 miniature muffin tins with miniature paper liners. Make the cake mix according to the package directions. Spoon the batter into the paper liners, filling each about halfway full (about 2 teaspoons each). Bake until a cake tester inserted into the center of a cupcake comes out clean, 12 to 15 minutes. Place the muffin tins onto a cooling rack and cool completely. Meanwhile, whisk together the sweetened condensed milk and key  <END>
INPUT: lacquered, maple syrup, good quality bacon, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Maple-Lacquered Bacon | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup maple syrup; 12 slices good-quality thick-cut bacon; Coarsely ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with a silicone baking mat or parchment paper. Pour the maple syrup into a shallow bowl and give each bacon slice (both sides) a generous dip in the syrup. Lay the bacon on the prepared baking sheet, and sprinkle it with black pepper. Bake for 20 minutes. Flip the bacon over and bake until it is crisp at the edges and caramelized on the bottom, another 10 to 15 minutes. Remove the baking sheet from the oven. Nudge the bacon slices to unmoor them from the baking sheet, and let cool for a minute to firm up. Transfer to a long platter to serv <END>
INPUT: Mexican, rubbed, salsa, virgin olive oil, garlic, ancho chile powder, cumin
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chile-Rubbed Grilled Chicken With Salsa | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 4 skinless, boneless chicken breasts (about 2 1/4 pounds); 1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil, plus more for brushing; 1 small clove garlic, finely grated; 1 1/2 teaspoons ancho chile powder; 1 1/2 teaspoons ground cumin; 1 1/2 teaspoons ground coriander; 1 teaspoon paprika; 1/4 to 1/2 teaspoon chipotle chile powder; 4 teaspoons fresh lime juice, plus lime wedges for serving; Kosher salt; 2 tomatoes, diced; 3 tomatillos, husked, rinsed and diced; 1/4 cup finely diced red onion | INSTRUCTIONS: Butterfly the chicken: Slice each breast almost in half horizontally (do not cut all the way through); open like a book so the chicken lies flat. Combine the olive oil, garlic, ancho chile powder, cumin, coriander, paprika, chipotle chile powder, 1 teaspoon lime juice and 1 1/4 teaspoons salt in a large bowl. Add the chicken and turn to coat. Cover and refrigerate at least 30 minutes and up to 2 hours. Preheat a grill to medium. Meanwhile, make the salsa: Toss the tomatoes, tomatillos, red onion and the remaining 3 teaspoons lime juice in a bowl; season with salt. Cover and refrigerate until r <END>
INPUT: cornstarch, salt, pepper, sirloin beef tips, vegetable oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Quick Beef with Broccoli | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 tablespoons cornstarch; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 1/4 teaspoon black pepper; 3/4 pound sirloin beef tips, sliced against the grain 1/8 inch thick; 3 tablespoons vegetable oil; 10 ounces frozen broccoli florets, thawed; 3 garlic cloves, chopped; 3 tablespoons soy sauce; 1/3 cup water; Special equipment: a well-seasoned 14-inch flat-bottomed wok; Accompaniment: rice; Garnish: fresh cilantro sprigs | INSTRUCTIONS: Toss together cornstarch, salt, pepper, and beef in a bowl until meat is coated. Heat 2 tablespoons oil in wok over moderately high heat until hot but not smoking, then stir-fry beef until just cooked through, about 1 minute. Transfer with a slotted spoon to another bowl and keep warm, loosely covered with foil. Add remaining tablespoon oil to wok along with broccoli and garlic and stir-fry over moderately high heat until broccoli is just tender and garlic is pale golden, about 2 minutes. Add soy sauce and water and bring to a boil. Return meat to skillet and cook, stirring, until sauce is thi <END>
INPUT: Mexican, tostada, crema, limes, virgin olive oil, garlic, Kosher salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Chicken Breast Tostada and Lime Crema with Bush's Texas Ranchero Grillin' Beans | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2 limes; 3 Tbsp extra-virgin olive oil; 1 small clove garlic, finely minced; 2 boneless, skinless chicken breasts, about 1 pound; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 medium tomatoes, diced; 1/4 white onion, diced; 1 1/2 Tbsp chopped cilantro; 1 cup sour cream; 4 6-inch corn tortillas; 1 avocado, halved, pitted and diced; Bush's® Texas Ranchero Grillin' Beans® | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine juice of 1 lime, the olive oil and half the garlic in a shallow bowl; season with salt and pepper to taste. Add chicken, turn to coat. Mix the tomatoes, onion, cilantro and remaining garlic in bowl. In another bowl, blend the sour cream with the finely grated zest and juice of remaining lime. Season sauces with salt and pepper to taste. Preheat a grill to high. Grill chicken, turning once, 4-6 minutes per side. Transfer to cutting board, slice. Brush the tortillas with olive oil and toast on grill, 30 seconds a side. Transfer to platter and season with salt. Spread some avocado on each <END>
INPUT: Asian, pork shoulder, Kosher salt pepper, vegetable oil, low sodium chicken, soy sauce
OUTPUT: TITLE: Asian Pork with Noodles | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 3 pounds boneless pork shoulder; Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper; 2 tablespoons vegetable oil; 4 cups low-sodium chicken broth; 1 cup soy sauce; 1/2 cup dry sherry; 1/4 cup packed dark brown sugar; 2 tablespoons toasted sesame oil; 1/2 teaspoon red pepper flakes; 2 star anise pods; 1 cinnamon stick; 5 cloves garlic, smashed; 1 2-inch piece ginger, peeled and sliced; 6 to 8 whole dried shiitake mushrooms; 1 pound soba or ramen noodles | INSTRUCTIONS: Season the pork with salt and pepper. Heat a skillet over medium-high heat with the vegetable oil. Add the pork and brown on all sides, 6 to 8 minutes. Transfer to a plate. Combine the broth, soy sauce, sherry, sugar, sesame oil, red pepper flakes, star anise and cinnamon stick in a 5-quart slow cooker. Stir to dissolve the sugar, then add the garlic, ginger and mushrooms. Add the pork, cover and program to cook 4 hours on high, then 2 hours on low, or 6 hours total on low. Transfer the pork to a platter, cover and let rest 15 minutes. Remove the mushrooms from the broth and halve them, then r <END>
INPUT: wild, Salt pepper, canola oil, thyme, butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pan Seared Chilean Sea Bass with Wild Mushroom Grits and Fresh Spinach | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 (6-ounce) center cut fillets Chilean sea bass; Salt and pepper; 4 tablespoons canola oil; 1 bunch fresh thyme; 6 tablespoons whole butter; 2 pints assorted mushrooms (shiitake, cremini, portobello); 2 cups instant grits; 1 quart chicken stock; 1/4 cup heavy cream; 1 pound baby spinach, carefully washed | INSTRUCTIONS: Season the sea bass with salt and pepper. In a large saute pan over medium heat, add the canola oil and heat the oil to a slight smoke. Add 1 sprig of fresh thyme to the saute pan and sear the sea bass skin side down for 3/4 of the cooking time about 7 minutes. This will give the fish a beautiful crisp skin and golden color. While the fish is cooking start the grits. In a 2 quart saucepot add 2 tablespoons of butter and 1 sprig of fresh thyme. When the butter begins to brown, add the mushrooms and saute until golden. Using a wooden spoon, stir in the grits, add the chicken stock, and reduce to <END>
INPUT: hearty, chowder, bacon, onion, celery, carrot, thyme
OUTPUT: TITLE: Hearty Corn and Clam Chowder | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 bacon slices, chopped; 1 cup chopped onion; 1 cup chopped celery; 1 carrot, peeled, chopped; 2 teaspoons dried thyme; 1 large bay leaf; 1 pound red-skinned potatoes, peeled, cut into 1/2-inch pieces; 1 8-ounce bottle clam juice; 1 cup whole milk; 1 15-ounce can creamed corn; 2 6.5-ounce cans chopped clams | INSTRUCTIONS: Sauté bacon in heavy medium pot over medium heat until fat begins to render, about 3 minutes. Add onion, celery and carrot and sauté until vegetables begin to soften, about 8 minutes. Add thyme and bay leaf; stir 30 seconds. Add potatoes, clam juice and milk. Cover pot, reduce heat to medium-low and simmer until potatoes are tender, about 20 minutes. Add corn and clams with juices; simmer about 2 minutes. Season soup to taste with salt and pepper and serve. Sauté bacon in heavy medium pot over medium heat until fat begins to render, about 3 minutes. Add onion, celery and carrot and sauté until <END>
INPUT: American, sandwich, olive oil, smoked sausage, bell pepper, orange bell pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pat's Smoked Sausage and Pepper Sandwich | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoons olive oil; 1 pound smoked sausage, sliced into quarters then lengthwise; 1 red bell pepper, sliced; 1 yellow bell pepper, sliced; 1 orange bell pepper, sliced; 2 medium yellow onions, sliced; 3 garlic cloves, chopped; 2 tablespoons tomato paste; 1 cup beer; 1/2 cup Neely's BBQ sauce; 4 fresh hoagie rolls | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Heat the olive oil in a large cast iron skillet or Dutch oven over medium heat. Add the sausages and brown on all sides, about 7 to 8 minutes. Remove from skillet and reserve. Add onions and peppers to the skillet and saute until tender and golden brown, about 6 minutes. Add the garlic and saute until fragrant. Stir in the tomato paste, beer, and BBQ sauce. Cook for a few minutes, then add the sausages back to the pan. Reduce the heat and simmer until the sauce is nice and thick, about 10 minutes. Slice the bread open, put on sheet tray, and toast in the oven <END>
INPUT: peanut oil, onion, uncooked rice, pinon nuts, water
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pinon Rice | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons peanut oil; 1/2 small yellow onion, diced; 1 cup uncooked white rice, rinsed; 3/4 cup pinon nuts; 2 cups water; 1/2 teaspoon sea salt; 1 green onion, sliced finely | INSTRUCTIONS: In a 2 quart saucepan, over a medium low heat, place the oil, onion, rice, and pinon nuts. Saute until the nuts turn golden. Add the water and salt. Cover and simmer for 20 to 25 minutes, until the rice is cooked and the water is absorbed. Toss the green onion on top of the rice to garnish. <END>
INPUT: brown, unsalted butter, lemon zest, lemon juice, hot sauce, kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Hot Sauce Brown Butter | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1 teaspoon finely grated lemon zest; 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice; 1 1/2 teaspoons hot sauce; 1/4 teaspoon kosher salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook butter in a small skillet over medium heat until it foams then browns (be careful not to let it burn), about 5 minutes. Quickly transfer butter to a small bowl, scraping in browned solids. Let cool. Chill brown butter 10 minutes. Stir to distribute solids. Continue to chill, stirring every 10 minutes, until butter starts to solidify. Stir in lemon zest, lemon juice, hot sauce, and salt. Transfer to a piece of plastic; roll into a log. Freeze 1 hour before using. Cook butter in a small skillet over medium heat until it foams then browns (be careful not to let it burn), about 5 minutes. Qui <END>
INPUT: coolers, lemonade, few drops rose, gin, Look rose water
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lemonade and Rosé Water Coolers | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Fresh lemonade; A few drops of rose water*; A splash of gin; *Look for rose water at specialty food stores and MIddle Eastern markets | INSTRUCTIONS: Add a few drops of rose water and a splash of gin to fresh lemonade. Add a few drops of rose water and a splash of gin to fresh lemonade. <END>
INPUT: Italian, lasagna, cupcakes, olive oil, onion, Kosher salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lasagna Cupcakes with Sausage and Mango Chutney | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1 (1-inch) cinnamon stick; 4 whole cloves; 1 medium onion, finely diced (about 1 cup); Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper; 4 cloves garlic, minced; 1 pound mild Italian chicken sausage, casing removed; 1/4 cup tomato paste; 1 (28-ounce can) crushed tomatoes; 1/4 cup chopped fresh basil, plus 12 whole small leaves; 3/4 cup part-skim ricotta; 3/4 cup freshly grated Parmesan, plus more for topping; 1 1/2 cups shredded mozzarella, plus more for topping; 1/3 cup mango chutney; Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. For the meat sauce: In a large skillet over medium-high heat, warm the olive oil until it shimmers. Add the cinnamon stick and whole cloves. Add the onion, sprinkle with a little salt and saute until softened but not browned. Add the garlic and saute until fragrant, about 1 minute longer. Add the sausage, breaking up the clumps with your spoon. Cook until the sausage is no longer pink, 2 to 3 minutes. Stir in the tomato paste and cook 1 to 2 minutes. Add the crushed tomatoes, 1/4 cup chopped basil, as well as some salt and pepper. Stir to combine and simmer u <END>
INPUT: toasts, avocado, Fine salt pepper, grain wheat bread, garlic, virgin olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Avocado Toasts | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: One 8-ounce ripe avocado, halved, pitted and peeled; Fine salt and freshly ground black pepper; 4 slices whole grain or whole wheat bread; 1 clove garlic, peeled and halved; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil or unsalted butter, softened; Flaky sea salt, for serving; Crushed red pepper flakes, optional | INSTRUCTIONS: Mash the avocado with a fork in a shallow bowl until chunky. Season with fine salt and black pepper. Toast the bread until browned and crisp. Lightly rub 1 side of each slice with the cut side of the garlic until fragrant; discard the garlic. Lightly brush the toasts with oil, and season with fine salt and pepper. Divide the mashed avocado evenly among the toasts, and top with more flaky sea salt, more black pepper and red pepper flakes if using. <END>
INPUT: individual, cake, walnuts, sugar, unsalted butter, lemon zest, egg
OUTPUT: TITLE: Individual Walnut Cake with Yogurt | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/3 cup walnuts (1 ounce); 1 1/2 tablespoons sugar; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, cut into small pieces; 1/2 teaspoon finely grated fresh lemon zest; 1 large egg; 2 tablespoons all-purpose flour; 1 lemon; 3 tablespoons sugar; 2 tablespoons water; 2 teaspoons mild honey; Special equipment: a 6- to 8-ounce gratin dish or ramekin; Accompaniment: whole-milk yogurt (preferably Greek) | INSTRUCTIONS: Make cake: Put oven rack in middle position and preheat oven to 350°F. Pulse nuts in a food processor until coarsely chopped and reserve 1 1/2 tablespoons in a small bowl. Add sugar and a pinch of salt to nuts in processor and pulse until nuts are finely chopped. Add butter and zest and process until smooth, then add egg and process until blended, scraping down side of bowl. Add flour and pulse just until incorporated, 2 or 3 times (do not overblend). Pour batter into ungreased dish and sprinkle with reserved nuts. Bake until cake is browned around edge and puffed, and a wooden pick or skewer  <END>
INPUT: Mexican, salsa, balsamic raspberry vinegar, olive oil, honey, garlic, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Strawberries Into Salsa Into Avocadoes | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 to 2 tablespoons of balsamic or raspberry vinegar; 1 to 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1/2 teaspoon honey; 1/2 teaspoon minced garlic; 2 tablespoons finely minced red onion; 1 teaspoon minced fresh jalapeno peppers; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 pint strawberries, rinsed, hulled and sliced; 2 ripe Haas avocadoes; Washed Boston or Bibb lettuce leaves; 2 tablespoons chopped roasted cashews or peanuts | INSTRUCTIONS: In a bowl whisk together vinegar, olive oil, honey, garlic, onion and jalapeno. Season to taste with salt and pepper and combine the strawberries and adjust seasoning again. Peel, halve and pit the avocadoes. Spoon some strawberry salsa in avocado hollow and serve on lettuce; garnish with peanuts. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, tamales, corn husks, rotisserie chicken, Mexican blend cheese, cilantro, peas
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken Tamales | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 14 large corn husks (available at Latin markets and many grocery stores); 1 2- to 3-pound rotisserie chicken, skin removed and meat shredded (about 6 cups); 1 cup shredded Mexican-blend cheese; 1/2 cup chopped fresh cilantro, plus more for garnish; 1/2 cup frozen green peas; 1/2 cup pimiento-stuffed green olives, drained and halved; 2 cups bottled green salsa; 2 cups self-rising yellow cornmeal mix | INSTRUCTIONS: Place the corn husks in warm water; soak for 30 minutes, or until they're soft and pliable. While the husks soak, stir together the chicken, cheese, cilantro, peas, olives and salsa in a bowl. Add the cornmeal mix and stir until combined. Remove 2 corn husks from the water. Tear into 12 thin strips for tying up the tamales; set aside. Unfold a soaked husk, wide-end up, on a work surface. Starting at the top edge, spoon 2/3 cup filling down the center and mold into a 4-by-2-inch rectangle, leaving room at the bottom for folding. Roll up the tamale jelly roll-style to enclose the filling. Fold u <END>
INPUT: soaked, cherry, loaf bread, sugar, eggs, cinnamon, pure vanilla extract
OUTPUT: TITLE: Bourbon-Soaked Cherry Bread Pudding with Vanilla Glaze | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: One 1-pound loaf white bread, cubed; 1 1/4 cups sugar; 4 large eggs; 1 tablespoon cinnamon; 2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract; 1/4 teaspoon kosher salt; 1 stick (8 tablespoons) unsalted butter, melted, plus for greasing baking dish; 2 cups milk; 1/3 cup bourbon; 4 cups pitted tart red cherries (fresh or jarred, drained); Vanilla Glaze, recipe follows; 3 cups confectioner's sugar; 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted; 1 tablespoon pure vanilla extract; 1/3 cup bourbon, plus more to taste | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F and position a rack in the center of the oven. Grease a 2-quart baking dish with butter and set aside. In a large bowl, combine the cubed bread, sugar, eggs, cinnamon, vanilla, salt, melted butter and milk; mix thoroughly, then transfer to the prepared baking dish. Pour in the bourbon, and gently fold in the cherries. Place in the oven and bake until puffed and golden brown on top, about 45 minutes. Set aside and let cool completely. Pour the vanilla glaze over the bread pudding and serve. Place the confectioner's sugar in a medi <END>
INPUT: papillotes, fennel bulb, carrots, potatoes, Kalamata olives, lemon zest
OUTPUT: TITLE: Salmon Papillotes with Fennel, Potatoes, and Olives | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 small fennel bulb, stalks discarded; 3 medium carrots (1/2 pound); 1/2 pound small red potatoes; 1/2 cup Kalamata olives, slivered; 2 teaspoons finely grated fresh lemon zest; 4 teaspoons fresh thyme leaves; 2 large garlic cloves, minced; 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 (1 1/2-pound) piece center-cut salmon fillet, skinned and fish cut into 4 square pieces; 4 ounces (1 stick) butter, quartered evenly; 1 lemon, juiced | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: a mandoline or other manual slicer, 4 pieces parchment paper, kitchen string Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. Halve fennel bulb lengthwise. Remove most of core, leaving enough intact to keep layers together when sliced. Using manual slicer, cut fennel bulb (lengthwise), carrots (diagonally), and potatoes into 1/8-inch-thick slices, keeping vegetables separate. Blanch vegetables, separately, in salted boiling water: fennel 2 minutes, carrots 1 minute, potatoes 2 minutes. Transfer fennel and carrots with a slotted spoon to a bowl of ice water then drain well. Drain potatoes. Tos <END>
INPUT: soup, drizzle olive vegetable, ham steak, butter, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Ham, Bean and Bacon Soup with Sauerkraut | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: A drizzle olive or vegetable oil; 4 ounces lean, smoky bacon, chopped; 12 ounces ham steak, 1/2-inch dice; 2 tablespoons butter; 4 cloves garlic, chopped; 2 onions, chopped; 2 starchy potatoes, peeled and chopped (about 1 1/2 pounds); 1 large carrot, chopped; 1 large fresh bay leaf; 4 cups chicken stock; 2 pounds sauerkraut, rinsed and drained; One 15-ounce can white or red kidney beans; Salt and pepper; A handful fresh parsley leaves, chopped, for garnish; Rye or sourdough bread, to pass | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat the oil in soup pot or Dutch oven. Add the bacon and brown. Remove the bacon, and reserve. Add the ham and brown, then remove and reserve. Melt in the butter, and add the garlic, onions, potatoes, carrots and bay leaf. Partially cover and cook to soften, 10 minutes. Add the stock, 2 cups water, the reserved ham and bacon, the sauerkraut and beans, and simmer until potatoes are cooked and soup flavor combines, 15 minutes more. Season with salt and pepper. Cool completely and store for a make-ahead meal. To serve, reheat over medium heat. Add the parsley just before serving and pass bread a <END>
INPUT: Mexican, super, virgin olive oil, chorizo, onion, garlic, mussels
OUTPUT: TITLE: Super Mussels with Chorizo | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, 1 turn of the pan, plus some for drizzling; 1/3 pound chorizo, about 1/2 a package, diced; 1 small onion, chopped; 3 cloves garlic, 2 chopped, 1 cracked away from skin; 2 pounds mussels, cleaned; 1/2 cup dry white wine; 1/2 loaf crusty ficelle or bagette, halved lengthwise; 4 sprigs fresh thyme, stripped and chopped, 1 1/2 tablespoons; Black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat broiler to high. Heat a deep skillet with a tight fitting lid over medium-high heat. Add extra-virgin olive oil, 1 turn of the pan, add chorizo and brown a bit, 2 minutes. Add onions and chopped garlic and cook 2 minutes more. Arrange mussels in a single layer then add wine, cook off 30 seconds then cover pot and cook until mussels open. While the mussels work, toast the split bread until evenly golden. Remove toasted bread, drizzle with oil and rub with remaining crushed garlic. Season the bread with thyme and black pepper. Cut bread on an angle into several cuts. <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, herbs, four tomatoes, currants, chicken broth, olive oil, couscous
OUTPUT: TITLE: Couscous-Stuffed Tomatoes with Currants and Herbs | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: four 1/2-pound tomatoes; 1/4 cups dried currants; about 1 2/3 cups chicken broth; 3 tablespoons olive oil; 1 cup couscous; 1/3 cup finely chopped scallion; 3 tablespoons minced fresh dill; 3 tablespoons minced fresh mint leaves; 1 to 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice | INSTRUCTIONS: Halve each tomato horizontally, scoop out and discard the seeds, and with a grapefruit knife scoop out the pulp, reserving it and leaving 1/3-inch-thick shells. Sprinkle the insides of the tomatoes with salt and invert the tomato shells onto a rack to drain for 30 minutes. In a small saucepan combine the currants with 1 cup of the broth and simmer them for 5 minutes. Drain the currants in a sieve set over a 2-cup measure, add enough of the remaining broth to measure 1 1/2 cups, and transfer the broth to the pan. Add 1 tablespoon of the oil to the broth and bring the mixture to a boil. Stir in  <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, salad, virgin olive oil, Two sea bass, Kosher salt, bitter greens, fennel
OUTPUT: TITLE: Seared Black Sea Bass with Bitter Greens, Fennel, Grapefruit and Feta Salad | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: Extra-virgin olive oil; Two 6-ounce black sea bass fillets; Kosher salt; 2 to 3 cups bitter greens (1/2 head radicchio, chiffonade and 1 endive, sliced); 1/2 cup diced fennel; 1/4 small red onion, thinly sliced; 1/4 ruby red grapefruit, juiced; 2 tablespoons pitted gaeta or kalamata olives, slivered; 1 ruby red grapefruit, supremed; 1/3 cup crumbled feta cheese | INSTRUCTIONS: Coat a large saute pan with olive oil and bring to a high heat. Coat the bottom of another smaller saute pan with olive oil. Sprinkle the fish with salt on both sides. When the large saute pan is screaming hot but not quite smoking, lay the fish fillets in the pan, skin-side down. Do not crowd the pan, you may have to work in batches. After you put the fish in the pan, place the other small saute pan directly on top of the fish fillets. This applies gentle pressure to the fish and forces the skin to have contact with the pan and will create crispy skin. Cook the fish for 3 to 4 minutes, and th <END>
INPUT: snowballs, rice flour, unsweetened coconut, unsalted butter, confectioners' sugar, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Coconut Snowballs | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cups rice flour; 1/2 cup unsweetened finely shredded coconut; 10 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature; 1 1/4 cups confectioners' sugar; Pinch of salt; 1 vanilla bean, split lengthwise, seeds scraped; 1 large egg | INSTRUCTIONS: Whisk the rice flour and coconut in a small bowl. Beat the butter, 1/2 cup confectioners' sugar, the salt and vanilla seeds in a large bowl with a mixer on medium speed until smooth and creamy, about 2 minutes. Beat in the egg, then beat in the flour mixture until just combined. Cover and refrigerate until the dough is no longer sticky, about 1 hour. Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Roll heaping tablespoonfuls of dough into balls and arrange 1 inch apart on a baking sheet. Refrigerate until firm, about 15 minutes. Bake the cookies until set and lightly browned on the bottom, about 20 minutes <END>
INPUT: drunken, wrapped, just peaches, good quality Italian, good quality prosciutto
OUTPUT: TITLE: Drunken Peaches Wrapped in Prosciutto | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 just-ripe peaches; 2 cups good quality Italian white wine; 16 slices good quality prosciutto, sliced in half crosswise | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: 32 toothpicks Cut each peach into 8 wedges. Soak the peach wedges in the wine for at least 1 hour and up to 4 hours. Remove the peaches from the wine, reserving the wine for another use. Wrap each peach wedge with half a prosciutto slice and fasten with a toothpick. Repeat with the remaining peach wedges and prosciutto. <END>
INPUT: leaves, rice, grouper fillets, pure olive oil, Salt pepper, banana leaf, Orange Pineapple Relish
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grouper Roasted in Banana Leaves with Orange-Pineapple Relish and Red Beans and Rice | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 grouper fillets, about 6 ounces each; 6 tablespoons pure olive oil; Salt and pepper; 1 banana leaf, cut into 4 rectangles; Orange-Pineapple Relish, recipe follows; Chopped mint; Chopped cilantro; Diced red bell pepper; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1 large Spanish onion, finely chopped; 1 stalk celery, chopped; 4 cloves garlic, chopped; 4 green onions, chopped; 1/2 pound red beans, soaked overnight, drained, rinsed; 1 ham bone or ham hock, about 1 1/2 pounds | INSTRUCTIONS: Grouper: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. Rub each fillet with olive oil and season with salt and pepper to taste. Wrap each fillet in a banana leaf, envelope style and place seam sided down on a baking sheet. Roast for 8 to 10 minutes. Place the packets seam side up on a platter and fold back the sides of the banana leaf to expose the fish. Place a few tablespoons of the relish on top and garnish with mint, cilantro and peppers. Red Beans and Rice: Heat oil in a large Dutch oven. Add the onions, celery, garlic and green onions and cook until soft. Add the soaked beans, ham bone, bay leaf, thyme <END>
INPUT: Italian, piazza, olive oil, garlic, capers, sun tomatoes, olives
OUTPUT: TITLE: Piazza Pasta | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon olive oil; 1 teaspoon garlic, chopped; 1/2 teaspoon capers; 1/4 cup sun-dried tomatoes; 1 tablespoon black olives, sliced; 1/2 cup broccoli, chopped; 1/4 cup carrots, julienne; 6-ounce chicken breast, grilled and chopped; 12 ounces penne pasta, cooked al dente; 4 ounces pureed red peppers; Freshly grated Parmesan | INSTRUCTIONS: In a saute pan add olive oil, garlic, capers, sun-dried tomatoes, sliced black olives, broccoli and carrots, saute for 2 minutes. Add chicken and pasta, saute for 3 minutes. Add red pepper sauce and saute for 3 minutes. Top with freshly grated Parmesan. <END>
INPUT: crostata, topping, all purpose flour, sugar, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Apple Crostata with Cinnamon-Almond Topping | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup all purpose flour; 1/2 teaspoon sugar; 1/8 teaspoon salt; 6 tablespoons (3/4 stick) chilled unsalted butter, diced; 3 tablespoons (or more) ice water; 2/3 cup all purpose flour; 6 tablespoons (packed) golden brown sugar; 2 tablespoons yellow cornmeal; 1 1/4 teaspoons ground cinnamon; 1/8 teaspoon salt; 6 tablespoons (3/4 stick) chilled unsalted butter, diced; 2/3 cup blanched slivered almonds; 7 tablespoons sugar, divided; 1 vanilla bean, split lengthwise; 4 large Pippin or Sierra Beauty apples (2 to 2 1/4 pounds total), peeled, halved, sliced 1/4-inch thick | INSTRUCTIONS: For crust: Mix flour, sugar, and salt in medium bowl. Add butter. Cut in with back of fork until butter is reduced to oatmeal-size flakes. Add 3 tablespoons ice water. Toss until moist clumps form, adding more ice water by teaspoonfuls if dough is dry. Gather dough into ball; flatten into disk. Wrap and chill at least 1 hour and up to 1 day. Mix flour, sugar, and salt in medium bowl. Add butter. Cut in with back of fork until butter is reduced to oatmeal-size flakes. Add 3 tablespoons ice water. Toss until moist clumps form, adding more ice water by teaspoonfuls if dough is dry. Gather dough i <END>
INPUT: Italian, penne pasta, butter, olive oil, pine nuts, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spinach and Pine Nuts with Penne | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 8 ounce penne pasta; 2 tablespoons butter; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1/4 cup pine nuts; 1 garlic clove, minced; 1 pound spinach (washed and trimmed); Salt and pepper to taste; 1/4 cup currants soaked in port wine | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring a large pot of water to a boil. Add penne and boil for 10 minutes or according to package directions. Meanwhile, in a heavy 12-inch skillet heat butter and olive oil until foamy. Add pine nuts and saute, stirring continuously until they turn golden. Add garlic and saute for a minute to release the aroma. Add spinach in two batches if you must and toss together just until wilted. Season with salt and pepper. Add a tablespoon or so of water to get spinach steaming. Drain pasta and serve in bowl. Toss with wilted spinach and garnish with port soaked currants. <END>
INPUT: Italian, pasta, jambalaya, olive oil, andouille sausages other, onion, bell pepper, onions
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pasta Jambalaya | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 4 tablespoons olive oil; 1 pound andouille sausages or other fully cooked smoked spicy sausages (such as Louisiana hot links), halved lengthwise, then thinly sliced crosswise; 1 medium onion, chopped; 1 large green bell pepper, chopped; 5 green onions, thinly sliced; 1 celery stalk, chopped; 5 garlic cloves, chopped; 2 bay leaves; 2 teaspoons dried oregano; 3/4 teaspoon ground cumin; 1/4 teaspoon cayenne pepper; 1/4 teaspoon ground allspice; 1 28-ounce can crushed tomatoes with added puree; 1 141/2-ounce can diced tomatoes in juice; 1 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat 2 tablespoons oil in heavy large pot over medium heat. Add sausages; sauté until light brown, 5 minutes. Using slotted spoon, transfer sausages to paper towels. Pour drippings from pot; discard. Add remaining 2 tablespoons oil to pot and heat over medium heat. Stir in onion and next 9 ingredients. Cover and cook until vegetables are almost tender, stirring often, about 8 minutes. Stir in crushed tomatoes and diced tomatoes with juices and bring to boil. Reduce heat, cover and simmer 15 minutes to blend flavors. Stir in sausages, Worcestershire sauce and hot pepper sauce; simmer uncovered  <END>
INPUT: compote, unsalted butter, cinnamon, rectangles wheat cereal, Confectioners' sugar, vanilla ice cream
OUTPUT: TITLE: Rhubarb Compote | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, cut into pieces; 1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon, plus more for dusting; 2 large rectangles shredded wheat cereal; Confectioners' sugar, for dusting; 1 pint vanilla ice cream or frozen yogurt; 1 pound rhubarb, cut into 1/2-inch pieces (about 4 cups); 1/2 cup sugar; 1/4 cup honey | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine the rhubarb, sugar, honey, butter and cinnamon in a large microwave-safe bowl. Cover with plastic wrap and pierce once or twice to allow steam to escape. Microwave until the rhubarb is tender, about 6 minutes. Carefully remove the plastic wrap and stir. Meanwhile, break the shredded wheat into smaller pieces in a bowl. Dust with confectioners' sugar and cinnamon. Spoon the rhubarb compote into bowls, top with ice cream and sprinkle with the shredded wheat. Photograph by Jonny Valiant <END>
INPUT: rolls, vinaigrette, lemon juice, virgin olive oil, scallions, celery
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lobster Rolls with Lemon Vinaigrette and Garlic Butter | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 (1 1/4-to 1 1/2-pounds) live lobsters; 3 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 1/3 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 1/3 cup thinly sliced scallions; 1/4 cup finely chopped peeled celery; 1/4 cup celery leaves; 1/4 cup chopped flat-leaf parsley; 1/2 stick unsalted butter; 3 garlic cloves, smashed; 6 hot dog buns, preferably top-split; Accompaniment: lemon wedges | INSTRUCTIONS: Prepare a gas grill for direct-heat cooking over medium heat; see Grilling Procedure . Plunge 2 lobsters headfirst into a large pot of salted boiling water and cook, partially covered, over medium-high heat 8 minutes (for 1 1/4-pounds lobsters) to 9 minutes (for 1 1/2-pounds lobsters) from time they enter water. Transfer with tongs to an ice bath and let stand until completely cooled. Return water to a boil and cook and cool remaining 2 lobsters. Remove meat from claws, joints, and tails. Coarsely chop meat. Whisk together lemon juice, oil, and 1/2 tsp salt in a large bowl. Whisk in scallions, <END>
INPUT: Italian, ravioli, turkey, cranberry sauce, Romano, bread crumbs, parsley leaves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Turkey and Cranberry Ravioli | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 pound ground turkey, preferably dark meat; 2 tablespoons cranberry sauce; 2 tablespoons grated Romano; 1 tablespoon bread crumbs; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh parsley leaves; 1 egg; 1/4 teaspoon kosher salt; 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 20 store-bought wonton wrappers; 3 tablespoons butter; 1 shallot, chopped; 1 tablespoon all-purpose flour; 1/2 cup chicken broth; 2 tablespoons heavy cream; 1 tablespoon chopped parsley leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: To make the ravioli: in a medium bowl, stir together the turkey, cranberry sauce, cheese, bread crumbs, parsley, egg, salt, and pepper. Place 10 wonton wrappers on a work surface. Brush lightly with water using a pastry brush. Place 1 tablespoon of the turkey mixture on each of the wonton wrappers. Top with another wonton wrapper. Push out any air bubbles and press the edges tightly to seal. To make the gravy: in a medium, heavy skillet, heat the butter over medium heat. Add the shallots and cook until tender, about 5 minutes. Add the flour and stir until cooked, about 1 minute. Slowly add the <END>
INPUT: Asian, salad, snow peas, shrimp, radishes, scallions, rice vinegar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Shrimp and Snow Pea Salad | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 12 ounces snow peas; 1 1/4 pounds medium shrimp, peeled and deveined; 6 radishes, thinly sliced into half-moons; 4 scallions, thinly sliced; 1/3 cup rice vinegar; 1 tablespoon canola oil; 1 tablespoon toasted sesame oil; 1 tablespoon grated fresh ginger; Salt; 2 tablespoons toasted sesame seeds | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring a large saucepan of water with a steamer basket to a boil. Put the snow peas in the basket, cover and cook for 2 minutes. Remove the basket and transfer the snow peas to a bowl of ice water to cool. Drain and pat dry. Add the shrimp directly to the saucepan of water and return to a boil; cook for 2 minutes. Drain, then plunge the shrimp into a bowl of ice water to cool. Drain and pat dry. Slice each shrimp in half lengthwise. Cut the snow peas diagonally into 1/2-inch pieces, discarding the ends. In a large bowl, toss the shrimp, snow peas, radishes and scallions. In a small bowl, whisk  <END>
INPUT: relish, virgin olive oil, sweet onion Vidalia
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lamb Chops with Roasted-Eggplant Relish | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 (1/2-inch-thick) lamb shoulder chops (6 to 8 ounces each); 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, divided; 1 (10-ounce) jar roasted eggplant, drained (cut up any large pieces); 1 (4-ounce) jar sliced pimientos, rinsed and drained; 1/4 cup finely chopped sweet onion such as Vidalia or Walla Walla; 1/4 cup finely chopped flat-leaf parsley; 1/2 teaspoon sugar, or to taste | INSTRUCTIONS: Pat lamb chops dry and sprinkle evenly with 1 teaspoon salt and 1/2 teaspoon pepper. Heat 1 tablespoon oil in a 12-inch heavy skillet over high heat until it shimmers, then sear lamb, turning over once, until browned, about 5 minutes total for medium. Meanwhile, toss together eggplant, pimientos, onion, parsley, sugar, remaining 2 tablespoons oil, and salt and pepper to taste. Serve eggplant relish over lamb. Pat lamb chops dry and sprinkle evenly with 1 teaspoon salt and 1/2 teaspoon pepper. Heat 1 tablespoon oil in a 12-inch heavy skillet over high heat until it shimmers, then sear lamb, tur <END>
INPUT: milk, heavy cream, eggs, sugar, nutmeg
OUTPUT: TITLE: Nutmeg Ice Cream | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cups milk; 1 1/2 cups heavy cream; 3 large eggs; 3/4 cup sugar; 1 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg; 1/8 teaspoon salt; 1/4 teaspoon vanilla | INSTRUCTIONS: In a saucepan bring the milk and the cream just to a boil. In a bowl whisk together the eggs, the sugar, the nutmeg, the salt, and the vanilla, whisk 1/2 cup of the milk mixture into the egg mixture, and whisk the mixture into the remaining milk mixture. Cook the custard over moderate heat, stirring constantly with a wooden spatula, until it registers 175°F. on a candy thermometer. Transfer the custard to a metal bowl set in a larger bowl of ice and cold water and stir it until it is cold. Freeze the custard in an ice-cream freezer according to the manufacturer's instructions. In a saucepan br <END>
INPUT: Asian, shiitakes, mayonnaise, wasabi paste, piece ginger, garlic, salmon fillets
OUTPUT: TITLE: Wasabi Salmon With Bok Choy, Green Cabbage, and Shiitakes | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup mayonnaise; 1 teaspoon wasabi paste (Japanese horseradish paste); 1 1" piece ginger, peeled, finely grated; 2 large garlic cloves, finely grated; 4 6-ounce skinless salmon fillets (preferably wild); Kosher salt, freshly ground pepper; 1 pound baby bok choy, halved; 2 cups (packed) finely shredded green cabbage (about 5 ounces); 4 ounces shiitake mushrooms, stemmed, sliced if large; 2 tablespoons olive oil; Ingredient info: Wasabi paste is available in the Asian foods section of some supermarkets and at Japanese markets | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 450°F. Heat a large rimmed baking sheet for 15 minutes. Meanwhile, mix mayonnaise and wasabi in a small bowl. Stir in half of ginger and half of garlic; set aside. Season fish all over with salt and pepper. Place bok choy, cabbage, and mushrooms in a large bowl. Drizzle with oil and add remaining ginger and garlic. Toss to coat; season with salt and pepper. Scatter vegetables across one side of baking sheet. Arrange salmon on other side. Roast, stirring vegetables occasionally, until salmon is cooked through, 12-15 minutes. Divide vegetables among plates; top with salmon. Serve <END>
INPUT: pudding, sauce, raisins, bourbon brandy, French bread, milk, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Bread Pudding with Bourbon Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup raisins; 1/3 cup plus 3 tablespoons bourbon or brandy; 12 ounces fresh French bread, crusts trimmed, cut into 1-inch pieces; 1 1/2 cups milk (do not use low-fat or nonfat); 1 cup sugar; 3/4 cup whipping cream; 3 large eggs; 3 large egg yolks; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; 1/4 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1/4 cup (1/2 stick) unsalted butter | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine raisins and 1/3 cup bourbon in small bowl. Soak for 30 minutes. Drain. Preheat oven to 375°F. Place bread in large bowl. Whisk milk, 3/4 cup sugar, cream, eggs, 2 egg yolks, vanilla and cinnamon in medium bowl to blend. Pour egg mixture over bread. Add raisins; mix gently to coat bread. Transfer mixture to 9x5x3-inch glass loaf baking dish. Cover baking dish with foil. Bake pudding 40 minutes. Remove foil and bake until top is golden and tester inserted into center comes out clean, about 30 minutes longer. Cool slightly. Melt butter in top of double boiler set over simmering water. Add <END>
INPUT: sunny, rolls, All purpose flour, tube croissant dough, chocolate candy bars, crisp bacon, sour cream
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sunny's Candy Bar and Bacon Rolls | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: All-purpose flour, for dusting; 1 tube croissant dough (makes 8 individual croissants); 1 cup chopped chocolate candy bars (I like Snickers and/or Butterfinger here); 4 slices crisp-cooked bacon, chopped; 1 tablespoon sour cream; Turbinado sugar, for sprinkling; Flake salt, for sprinkling | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. For the rolls: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. On a lightly floured flat surface, roll out the dough and separate it into 4 rectangular parts, leaving 2 triangles attached for each of the 4 sections. Each section should appear to be a rectangle with a perforated dividing line through its center diagonally. Carefully pinch together the 2 triangles along this line to close the gaps and seal it to make it 1 piece. Cut each piece in half to make 2 squares. Repeat for each and place on a nonstick baking sheet with sides. There should be 8 squares to fill. Combine t <END>
INPUT: Asian, rumaki, teriyaki sauce, garlic, chicken livers, water chestnuts, bacon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Rumaki Teriyaki | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1/3 cup teriyaki sauce, plus additional for basting; 1 clove garlic, chopped; 1/4 pound chicken livers, trimmed, rinsed and cut into 24 (1/2-inch) pieces; 12 canned whole water chestnuts, drained and halved; 12 slices bacon, halved crosswise | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Stir together the teriyaki sauce and garlic in a medium bowl, then add the livers and water chestnuts. Toss to coat. Marinate, covered, in the refrigerator for 1 hour. Soak 24 toothpicks in cold water for at least 1 hour. Preheat the boiler. Remove the livers and water chestnuts from the marinade and discard the marinade. Lay 1 bacon half on a cutting board and place 1 piece of liver and 1 water chestnut in the center. Fold one side of the bacon over them, and thread a toothpick through the bacon, then the chestnut and liver. Wrap the remaining bacon edge around  <END>
INPUT: paillard, scottish, cleaned salmon fillet, virgin olive oil, Salt pepper, cucumber, lemon grass
OUTPUT: TITLE: Paillard of Scottish Salmon with a Lemon Grass, Cucumber, and Salmon Caviar Vinaigrette and Lotus Ro | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound cleaned salmon fillet; 3 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil; Salt and pepper; 1 cucumber peeled, seeded, and finely diced; 1 tablespoon finely minced lemon grass (from root end); 1 tablespoon finely minced ginger; 2 tablespoons finely minced shallots; 1/4 cup rice wine vinegar; 3 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil; Salt and pepper; 3 ounces salmon caviar; 3 tablespoons chips minced chives; 1 lotus root, thinly sliced; 2 cups pure vegetable oil; Baby greens | INSTRUCTIONS: Cut salmon into serving portions. Pound to one eighth of an inch. Rub with oil, salt, and pepper. Place salmon on large heat proof plate. Broil the salmon for 5 to 8 minutes until just cooked through. In a bowl, combine ingredients for the vinaigrette. Mix caviar and minced chives into the vinaigrette. Heat a pot of oil. Fry lotus chips. Plate salmon with baby greens and vinaigrette. Top with fried lotus chips. <END>
INPUT: American, soup, unsalted butter, onion, Golden Delicious apples, all purpose flour, nutmeg
OUTPUT: TITLE: Apple Cheese Soup | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 6 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1 medium onion, chopped (about 1 cup); 2 medium Golden Delicious apples, peeled, cut into 1/4 -inch dice (about 2 1/2 cups); 3/4 cup all-purpose flour; 1/8 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg; 2 to 3 tablespoons Calvados or Apple Jack, optional; 4 cups chicken broth, homemade or low-sodium canned; 1 cup milk; 1 cup finely grated sharp orange cheddar cheese (about 3 ounces); 1 cup finely grated sharp white cheddar cheese (about 3 ounces); 2 1/2 teaspoons kosher salt; Freshly ground black pepper; Serving Suggestions: Toasted whole grain bread, mango chutney, and crumbled cooked bacon | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large, non-reactive, saucepan over medium-low heat, melt the butter. Add the onions, cook until softened but not browned, about 10 minutes. Add the apple and continue cooking until cooked, but still slightly firm, about 10 minutes more. Sift the flour over the onions. Add the nutmeg. Cook and stir with a wooden spoon until the mixture is lightly browned and fragrant, about 4 to 5 minutes. Add the Calvados, if using, and cook to reduce by three-quarters. Gradually whisk in the broth until well blended. Bring to a boil, reduce heat, cover, and simmer, stirring occasionally for 10 minutes. A <END>
INPUT: cakes, corn muffin mix, all purpose flour, lemon zest, vanilla extract
OUTPUT: TITLE: Strawberry Corn Cakes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Cooking spray, for the pan; 1 8.5-ounce package corn muffin mix; 1/4 cup all-purpose flour; 2 teaspoons finely grated lemon zest; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; 1 cup chopped strawberries; 2 tablespoons strawberry preserves; 3/4 cup heavy cream; 2 tablespoons confectioners' sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Lightly coat a 6-cup muffin pan with cooking spray. Prepare the corn muffin batter as the label directs, then stir in the flour, lemon zest and vanilla. Divide the batter evenly among the muffin cups. Bake until the edges are set and the centers are soft but not wet, 10 to 12 minutes. Meanwhile, toss the strawberries and strawberry preserves in a bowl and set aside. Remove the corn cakes from the oven. Gently press the back of a teaspoon into the center of each to make an indentation about one-third of the way into the cake. Spoon about 2 teaspoons of the str <END>
INPUT: American, spiced, pumpkin, all purpose flour, granulated sugar, kosher salt, solid vegetable shortening
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spiced Kabocha Squash Pie With Pumpkin-Seed Crumble | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/4 cups all-purpose flour, plus more for rolling; 2 1/4 teaspoons granulated sugar; 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt; 1/2 stick (4 tablespoons) unsalted butter, cut into pieces and frozen for 15 minutes; 1/4 cup solid vegetable shortening, cut into pieces and refrigerated for 15 minutes; One 2 1/2-pound kabocha squash; 1 1/4 cups heavy cream; 1/2 cup packed light brown sugar; 2 tablespoons molasses; 3 large egg yolks plus 1 whole egg, room temperature; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; 3/4 teaspoon ground ginger; 3/4 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1/4 teaspoon nutmeg; 1/2 teaspoon salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 400°F with 1 rack on the bottom rung and 1 rack in the center of oven. Place 1 rimmed baking sheet on the bottom rack to preheat. Preheat the oven to 400°F with 1 rack on the bottom rung and 1 rack in the center of oven. Place 1 rimmed baking sheet on the bottom rack to preheat. Make the pie dough: In the bowl of a food processor, pulse 1 1/4 cups flour, sugar, and salt. Add butter and shortening and pulse until coarse, pea-sized crumbs form, about 10 seconds. With the machine running, add 2 tablespoons ice water and process until the dough just holds together, about 30 sec <END>
INPUT: lorraine, Courtland apples, water, unsalted butter, light sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grandma Lorraine's Apple Angel Food Cake | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 5 Courtland apples, peeled cored and thinly sliced; 1 (12-ounce) can citrus soda; 1 1/2 cups water; 1 stick unsalted butter; 1/3 cup light brown sugar; 1/3 cup molasses; 3/4 cup maple syrup; 1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1 pinch salt; 1/2 cup apple brandy; 1/2 cup chopped pecans; 1/2 cup raisins; 1 (10-inch) store-bought angel food cake | INSTRUCTIONS: Place apples in large bowl with 1 can soda and 1 1/2 cups water. Let sit for 5 minutes. In a large skillet over medium heat melt butter. Add brown sugar, molasses, maple syrup, cinnamon and salt. Stir until sugar has dissolved and starts to simmer. Add apple brandy, pecans, raisins and apples. Reduce heat to low and let simmer for about 15 minutes or until apples are tender and liquid has reduced to a syrupy consistency. Slice angle food cake into wedges and top each slice with apple mixture. <END>
INPUT: pilaf, butter, onion, garlic, epazote, bay leaf
OUTPUT: TITLE: Quinoa Pilaf | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup butter; 1 onion, finely chopped; 2 garlic cloves, finely chopped; 3 large sprigs fresh epazote; 1 bay leaf; 1 cup quinoa, rinsed, drained well; 4 cups chicken stock or vegetable stock; Chopped fresh parsley or cilantro | INSTRUCTIONS: Melt butter in heavy large saucepan over medium heat. Add onion and saute until tender, about 10 minutes. Add garlic, epazote and bay leaf. Stir 1 minute. Add quinoa and stir just until coated. Add stock. Bring to boil. Reduce heat and simmer until quinoa is tender, about 10 minutes. Drain. Discard epazote and bay leaf. Transfer pilaf to large bowl. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Garnish with parsley or cilantro. <END>
INPUT: racks baby back, orange juice, soy sauce, dark sugar, cumin
OUTPUT: TITLE: Orange Soy Baby Back Ribs | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 racks baby back pork ribs (2 to 3 lb total), cut into individual ribs; 1/4 cup fresh orange juice; 1/4 cup soy sauce; 1/4 cup packed dark brown sugar; 1 teaspoon ground cumin; Special equipment: a 13- by 9-inch glass baking dish | INSTRUCTIONS: Put ribs in a large sealable plastic bag. Stir together orange juice, soy sauce, brown sugar, and cumin in a bowl until sugar is dissolved, then pour marinade over ribs in bag and seal bag, pressing out excess air. Marinate ribs, chilled, turning bag over after 30 minutes, 1 hour total. Put oven rack in middle position and preheat oven to 375°F. Transfer ribs and marinade to baking dish and arrange ribs in 1 layer, not touching. Roast ribs 30 minutes, then turn over ribs with tongs and continue roasting until they are tender and well browned and marinade is thick and syrupy, about 30 minutes m <END>
INPUT: kugel, potatoes, onion, carrot, flour, eggs
OUTPUT: TITLE: Potato Kugel | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 large potatoes, peeled; 1 onion, grated; 1 small carrot, grated; 1/2 cup flour; 2 eggs, lightly beaten; 3/4 teaspoon salt; 1/4 teaspoon pepper; 3 tablespoons chicken fat | INSTRUCTIONS: Into a bowl grate 3 large potatoes, peeled, and squeeze them in 2 batches in a tea towel to remove the moisture. In another bowl combine the potatoes with 1 onion and 1 small carrot, both grated, and toss the mixture with 1/2 cup flour, 2 eggs, lightly beaten, 3/4 teaspoon salt, and 1/4 teaspoon pepper. In an 8-inch pie tin render 3 tablespoons chicken fat, add the potato mixture, and smooth it with a spatula. Bake the kugel in a preheated moderately hot oven (375°F.) for 45 to 50 minutes, or until it is golden. Serve the kugel cut into wedges. Into a bowl grate 3 large potatoes, peeled, and s <END>
INPUT: American, meatloaf, onion, garlic, beef, ketchup, eggs
OUTPUT: TITLE: Beef and Bacon Meatloaf | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 12-ounce red onion, coarsely diced; 3 large garlic cloves, peeled; 1 1/4 pounds ground beef (10% fat); 1/2 cup ketchup, divided; 2 large eggs; 1 teaspoon salt; 1 teaspoon ground black pepper; 7 slices thick-cut bacon, 5 coarsely chopped, 2 halved crosswise; 4 slices white sandwich bread, torn into pieces; 3 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 400°F. Blend onion and garlic in processor until onion is finely chopped. Transfer to large bowl; add beef, 1/4 cup ketchup, and next 3 ingredients. Add chopped bacon and bread to processor. Using on/off turns, blend until bread is chopped. Scrape mixture into bowl with beef. Add parsley; stir gently to blend well. Transfer mixture to 9x5x3-inch metal loaf pan. Arrange bacon-slice halves crosswise atop meat, spacing apart and tucking edges down sides of loaf. Spoon remaining ketchup between bacon slices. Bake meatloaf until cooked through and meat comes away from sides of pan,  <END>
INPUT: Italian, angel hair pasta, vegetable oil, onion, Chinese eggplants, Napa cabbage
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sweet Napa Cabbage with Pasta | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 8 ounces fresh angel hair pasta, cooked; 2 tablespoons vegetable oil; 1 onion, sliced thin; 2 Chinese eggplants, sliced thin; 1/2 head Napa cabbage, shredded; 2 medium tomatoes, diced; 1 tablespoon Herbes de Provence | INSTRUCTIONS: In a non-stick frying pan or a wok, heat oil until smoking. Add the onions and cook until softened, about 4 minutes. Add eggplant and cook for 4 more minutes. Add the cabbage, tomatoes and Herbes de Provence and simmer for 5 minutes. Toss with angel hair pasta and season to taste. <END>
INPUT: American, casserole, coarse bread crumbs, eggs, heavy cream, milk, lemon juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Oyster Casserole | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 4 cups coarse fresh bread crumbs (from 8 slices firm white sandwich bread); 4 large eggs; 1 cup heavy cream; 1 cup whole milk; 2 teaspoons fresh lemon juice; 1 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce; 1/4 cup finely chopped flat-leaf parsley; 3 dozen shucked oysters (preferably medium; halved if large; about 1 cup), drained if necessary and gently patted dry | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 375°F with rack in middle. Butter a 2-quart shallow baking dish. Spread bread crumbs in a 4-sided sheet pan and bake, stirring occasionally, until golden-brown, about 15 minutes. Transfer to a plate to cool slightly. Whisk together eggs, cream, milk, lemon juice, Worcestershire sauce, parsley, and 1/4 teaspoon each of salt and pepper in a medium bowl. Gently stir in oysters and bread crumbs. Pour into baking dish and bake until custard is set and top is golden, 25 to 30 minutes. Preheat oven to 375°F with rack in middle. Butter a 2-quart shallow baking dish. Spread bread crumbs <END>
INPUT: American, salad, grated, tangerine juice, lemon juice, virgin olive oil, gray salt, beets
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Beet Salad with Grated Blue Cheese | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups tangerine juice, or orange juice; 1 1/2 teaspoons lemon juice; 1/2 cup extra-virgin olive oil; Pinch gray salt; 3 medium yellow beets (about 1 pound), stems removed; 3 medium red beets (about 1 pound), stems removed; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; Gray salt and freshly ground black pepper; 4 cups baby leaf spinach; 1/4 pound whole piece blue cheese, frozen; Napa-style Toasted Spice Rub Almonds, recipe follows; 1 cup almonds; 3 tablespoons Napa Style spice rub, recipe follows; 1/4 cup fennel seeds; 1 tablespoon coriander seeds | INSTRUCTIONS: In a 1-quart non-reactive saucepan, over medium high heat, reduce the tangerine juice to about 3/4 cup. Add the lemon juice. Remove from the heat and strain with a fine sieve. Return to saucepan, and reduce until the mixture bubbles and has a syrup-like consistency. You should have about 1/4 cup. Remove from the heat and strain again. Let cool to room temperature. Add the olive oil and salt. Refrigerate for up to 1 1/2 weeks. Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Place beets in a baking pan, drizzle with the oil, and season with salt. Cover with foil. Bake for about 1 hour, or until tender when pierc <END>
INPUT: Mexican, cigars, asparagus, egg, sesame seeds, vegetable oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Asparagus Cigars | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 24 medium asparagus (1 lb); 12 (7-inch) flour tortillas (not low-fat); 1 large egg, beaten with a pinch of salt; 2 tablespoons white sesame seeds; About 2 cups vegetable oil; 2 tablespoons soy sauce; 2 tablespoons fresh lime juice; 2 tablespoons water; 1 teaspoon sugar; 1 scallion, finely chopped; Special equipment: wooden picks; a deep-fat thermometer | INSTRUCTIONS: Trim asparagus to 6-inch lengths. Halve tortillas. Brush 1 half with some of egg mixture and place 1 piece asparagus along cut side. Tightly roll up tortilla. Insert 1 pick crosswise to secure. Brush outside of roll with more of egg and sprinkle with some sesame seeds. Make 23 more rolls in same manner. Heat 1/2 inch oil in a 10-inch heavy skillet to 350°F. Fry rolls in batches of 3, turning over once, until golden brown, about 3 minutes per batch, returning oil to 350°F between batches. Transfer to paper towels to drain. Stir together remaining ingredients until sugar is dissolved. Serve with <END>
INPUT: salad, English, watercress leaves, honey, vinegar, water
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cucumber Watercress Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 English (European) seedless cucumber, diced; 1 1/2 cups watercress leaves, the yield of a healthy bundle from the market; 3 tablespoons honey; 3 tablespoons white vinegar; 3 tablespoons cold water; 3 tablespoons fresh dill, finely chopped; Coarse salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine cucumbers and watercress in a large bowl. Whisk the honey, vinegar, and water together. Pour over salad and toss well to combine. Season with dill and salt and toss salad again. <END>
INPUT: relish, Hickory chips, plum tomatoes, shallots, capers, wine vinegar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled and Smoked Tomato Relish | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Hickory chips, soaked in water; 8 plum tomatoes, halved; 1/3 cup diced shallots; 1/4 cup capers; 3 tablespoons red wine vinegar; 1/3 cup chopped fresh basil; 1/4 cup extra virgin olive oil; Salt and pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Place smoking chips in a stovetop smoker. Add the tomatoes and cook for about 7 minutes. Chop into small dice and mix in bowl with remaining ingredients and season to taste. <END>
INPUT: carpaccio, mushrooms, baby arugula, lemon, virgin olive oil, Wedge Parmesan
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mushroom Carpaccio | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 pound large white mushrooms, brushed clean and trimmed; 4 ounces baby arugula; 1 lemon, halved; Extra-virgin olive oil; Wedge Parmesan, for shaving; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Using a mandoline slicer or very sharp knife, slice the mushrooms as thinly as possible and arrange them in a single layer on a large serving platter. Scatter the arugula evenly over the top. Just before serving, squeeze the juice of the lemon over the arugula and very lightly drizzle with some olive oil. Season with salt and pepper, to taste, and using a vegetable peeler, shave thin strips of Parmesan evenly over the top. Serve immediately. <END>
INPUT: Italian, martini, basil leaves stems, strawberry puree, ice cubes, soju, lime juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Strawberry Basil Martini | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 7 basil leaves with stems; 1-ounce strawberry puree; 1 cup ice cubes; 2 1/2 ounces soju (Korean vodka); 1/2-ounce lime juice; 1/2-ounce sweet and sour mix; 1/2-ounce strawberry syrup | INSTRUCTIONS: In a 16-ounce cocktail shaker, add the basil leaves and the strawberry puree. Muddle until the basil leaves are broken into pieces. Add the ice cubes, then add the soju, lime juice, sweet and sour mix and strawberry syrup. Shake vigorously. Strain the drink into a 7-ounce chilled martini glass and serve cold. <END>
INPUT: napoleons, Kosher salt, Olive oil, reduced fat mayonnaise
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Chicken and Avocado Napoleons | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 (9 by 10-inch) sheet frozen puff pastry, thawed and cut into 12 (3 by 5-inch) rectangles; 4 (4-ounce) boneless and skinless chicken breast halves; Kosher salt; Olive oil, for drizzling; 3 tablespoons reduced fat mayonnaise; 1/4 teaspoon cayenne pepper; 1/2 large avocado, thinly sliced into 8 pieces; 2 cups baby spinach leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Place an oven rack in the lower 1/3 of the oven. Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Line 2 baking sheets with parchment paper. Place the pastry on the prepared baking sheets. Using the tines of a fork, prick the top of the pastry all over. Cover the pastry with parchment paper and place another baking sheet on top. Bake for 25 minutes until golden. Remove the top baking sheets and parchment paper. Set aside to cool. Preheat a grill pan or preheat a gas or charcoal grill. Season the chicken with salt and drizzle with olive oil. Grill until the chicken is cooked th <END>
INPUT: batter, beer, all purpose flour, table salt, pepper, vegetable oil deep
OUTPUT: TITLE: Beer Batter-Fried Kale | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup plus 2 tablespoons beer (not dark); 1 cup all-purpose flour; 1/2 teaspoon table salt; 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground pepper; vegetable oil for deep-frying the kale leaves; 12 small kale leaves, washed well and spun dry; coarse salt for sprinkling the leaves; lemon wedges as an accompaniment | INSTRUCTIONS: In a blender blend the beer, the flour, the table salt, and the pepper for 20 seconds, or until the batter is smooth, transfer the batter to a bowl, and let it stand, covered, for 1 hour. In a large deep skillet heat 1 inch of the oil until it registers 360°F. on a deep-fat thermometer. Dip each leaf into the batter, coating it thoroughly and knocking off the excess batter on the side of the bowl, and fry it in the oil for 30 seconds on each side, or until it is golden. Transfer the kale as it is fried to paper towels to drain and sprinkle it lightly with the coarse salt. Serve the kale with t <END>
INPUT: pecans, pecan halves, unsalted butter, fine sea salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sea Salt-Roasted Pecans | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups pecan halves; 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted; 1 1/4 teaspoons fine sea salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 325°F. Toss pecans and melted butter in medium bowl to coat. Add sea salt and toss. Spread pecans in single layer on rimmed baking sheet. Bake until fragrant and slightly darkened in color, about 15 minutes. Cool pecans on baking sheet. Preheat oven to 325°F. Toss pecans and melted butter in medium bowl to coat. Add sea salt and toss. Spread pecans in single layer on rimmed baking sheet. Bake until fragrant and slightly darkened in color, about 15 minutes. Cool pecans on baking sheet. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, corn, cilantro leaves, Salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Corn with Cilantro Butter | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 4 to 6 ears corn, in the husk; 4 ounces (1 stick) butter, softened; 1/2 cup cilantro leaves, finely chopped; Salt and pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Peel back the husks of the corn but do not tear off. Pull off and discard all the corn silk. In a bowl, mash the butter and cilantro together until well mixed. Rub about 1 tablespoon of cilantro butter over each ear of corn, sprinkle with salt and pepper, then pull the husks back up and around the ear. Reserve the extra butter to use on fire-roasted potatoes if desired, or use all butter on corn. Prepare a wood fire outdoors and let cook down to embers. Place corn in embers of the fire and roast, turning with long handled tongs as husks start to blacken, until corn is cooked (about 20 minutes) <END>
INPUT: spiced, almonds, virgin olive oil, carrots, apricots, scallions
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spiced Char with Moroccan Carrots | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup sliced almonds; 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1 1/2 pounds carrots, cut into sticks; 1/2 cup dried apricots, quartered; 4 scallions, chopped; 1/4 cup thinly sliced pitted green olives; 1 tablespoon honey; Juice of 1/2 lemon; 2 teaspoons ras el hanout (Moroccan seasoning); 1/4 cup chopped fresh parsley; 4 skin-on center-cut arctic char fillets (about 6 ounces each); Kosher salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Toast the almonds in a large dry skillet over medium heat, stirring occasionally, until golden, 3 to 5 minutes. Transfer to a plate; let cool. Return the skillet to medium heat. Add 2 tablespoons olive oil, then add the carrots, apricots and 3/4 cup water. Reduce the heat to medium low; cover and simmer until the carrots are just tender, 8 to 10 minutes. Uncover and add the toasted almonds, scallions, olives, honey, lemon juice and 1 teaspoon ras el hanout. Increase the heat and bring to a boil. Cook, tossing occasionally, until the liquid is reduced and the carrots are glazed, about 5 minutes <END>
INPUT: double, pudding, butter, loaf cinnamon raisin, croissants, semi sweet chocolate, eggs
OUTPUT: TITLE: Double Chocolate Bread Pudding with Bourbon Whipped Cream | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons butter; 1 loaf cinnamon-raisin bread, cut into 1-inch squares; 6 croissants, cut into 1-inch chunks; 1 cup semi sweet chocolate chips; 6 eggs; 3 tablespoons brown sugar; 1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 5 to 6 scrapes of fresh nutmeg, on a rasp; 1 1/2 quarts milk; 1 1/2 cups chocolate syrup (recommended: Hershey's); Kosher salt; Bourbon Whipped Cream, recipe follows; 1 cup heavy cream; 1 tablespoon bourbon; 1 tablespoon sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Special equipment: 3 1/2-quart oval baking dish Heat the oven to 350 degrees F. Prepare the bottom and sides of the baking dish with the butter. In a large bowl, add the bread and croissant chunks along with the chocolate chips sprinkled over the top. Toss gently and pour into the prepared dish making sure all the chocolate chips don't settle on the bottom. In a large bowl whisk together the eggs, brown sugar, cinnamon, nutmeg, milk, chocolate syrup, and 1/2 teaspoon of salt. Pour the chocolate custard over the bread and chocolate in the dish and press the bread  <END>
INPUT: salad, citrus, olive oil, apple cider vinegar, agave nectar, grapefruit juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Arugula Salad with Toasted Pine Nuts and Fresh Grapefruit in a Citrus Agave Vinaigrette | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon olive oil; 2 tablespoons apple cider vinegar; 1 tablespoon agave nectar; 1/4 cup grapefruit juice; 1 (5-ounce) bag baby arugula; 1/2 cup pine nuts, toasted; 1 large grapefruit, segmented; Sea salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: To make the dressing: Blend the oil, vinegar, agave, and 1/4 cup grapefruit juice until combined. Adjust the proportions, to taste. Toss the arugula with the dressing and pine nuts, then season with salt and pepper. Top the salad with grapefruit segments. <END>
INPUT: gratin, unsalted butter, garlic, shallots, prosciutto di Parma, parsley
OUTPUT: TITLE: Bay Scallop Gratin | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature; 6 large garlic cloves, minced; 2 medium shallots, minced; 2 ounces thinly sliced prosciutto di Parma, minced; 4 tablespoons minced fresh parsley, plus extra for garnish; 2 tablespoons freshly squeezed lemon juice; 2 tablespoons Pernod; 2 teaspoons kosher salt; 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 6 tablespoons good olive oil; 1/2 cup panko; 6 tablespoons dry white wine; 2 pound fresh bay scallops; Lemon, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Place 6 (6-inch round) gratin dishes on a sheet pan. To make the topping, place the butter in the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment (you can also use a hand mixer). With the mixer on low speed, add the garlic, shallot, prosciutto, parsley, lemon juice, Pernod, salt, and pepper and mix until combined. With the mixer still on low, add the olive oil slowly as though making mayonnaise, until combined. Fold the panko in with a rubber spatula and set aside. Preheat the broiler, if it's separate from your oven <END>
INPUT: cookies, truviaa, Truvia® Baking Blend, peanut butter, shortening, unsalted butter, egg
OUTPUT: TITLE: Peanut Butter Cookies with Truviaa® Baking Blend | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 cup Truvia® Baking Blend; 1 cup peanut butter; 3 tablespoons shortening; 3 tablespoons plus 2 teaspoons unsalted butter; 1 large egg; 1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract; 2 cups all-purpose flour, sifted; 3/4 teaspoon baking soda; 1/2 teaspoon salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F. Combine Truvia® Baking Blend, peanut butter, shortening, butter, egg and vanilla in a large bowl and mix on low speed until combined. In a second, smaller bowl, whisk together flour, baking soda and salt. Add slowly to the larger bowl and mix until combined. Shape dough into 1-1/4-inch balls, flattening slightly on the top and bottom. Place cookies 3 inches apart on a parchment-lined or ungreased cookie sheet. Using a fork, press a crisscross pattern in each cookie. Bake 12 to 14 minutes or until lightly browned. Allow to rest 5 minutes on pan, then place cookies <END>
INPUT: apple, onion, thyme, water
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cider-Glazed Turkey | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 (12-to 14-pounds) turkey at room temperature 1 hour, neck and giblets (excluding liver) reserved for turkey stock; 1 apple, cut into chunks; 1 small onion, quartered; 1 small bunch thyme; 1 cup water; 1 cup unfiltered apple cider; 2 tablespoons sugar; 1/2 stick unsalted butter, cut into tablespoons; 2 cups dry white wine; Melted unsalted butter if necessary; 1/3 cup all-purpose flour; About 4 cups hot turkey giblet stock; Equipment: a 17- by 14-inch flameproof roasting pan with a flat rack; kitchen String; a 2-quart measuring cup or a fat separator | INSTRUCTIONS: Prepare turkey: Preheat oven to 425°F with rack in lower third. Rinse turkey inside and out and pat dry. Put turkey on rack in roasting pan and season inside and out with 2 teaspoons salt and 1 teaspoon pepper. Put apple, onion, and thyme in large cavity. Fold neck skin under body, then tuck wing tips under breast and tie drumsticks together with string. Preheat oven to 425°F with rack in lower third. Rinse turkey inside and out and pat dry. Put turkey on rack in roasting pan and season inside and out with 2 teaspoons salt and 1 teaspoon pepper. Put apple, onion, and thyme in large cavity. Fol <END>
INPUT: soup, olive oil, onion, celery, reduced sodium chicken, mashed potatoes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cheddar-Potato Soup | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 teaspoons olive oil; 1 cup diced onion; 1 cup diced celery; 6 cups reduced-sodium chicken or vegetable broth; 2 cups mashed potatoes; 8 ounces shredded Cheddar; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/4 teaspoon ground white pepper; 1 teaspoon dry mustard; Hot sauce, optional | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Add oil to a large pot set over medium-high heat. Add onion and celery and saute for 2 to 3 minutes, or until they start to soften. Add stock and mashed potatoes and bring to a simmer. Using a hand blender or regular blender, puree soup until smooth (when using a regular blender, work in batches to prevent messy cleanups!). Add Cheddar, salt, white pepper, dry mustard and hot sauce. Stir to combine and allow the cheese to melt. <END>
INPUT: cooled short grain, vegetable oil, egg, garlic chives regular, coriander
OUTPUT: TITLE: Stuffing Fried Rice | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 cups cooled cooked short-grain white rice (from 1 1/2 cups uncooked rice); 3 tablespoons vegetable oil, divided; 1 large egg; 1/4 cup sliced garlic chives or regular chives, plus more for serving; 1/2 teaspoon ground coriander, plus more for serving; 2 tablespoons (or more) mushroom soy sauce or 1 tablespoon regular soy sauce; 8 cups (2-inch) cubes stuffing; 1 bunch small Tuscan kale, ribs and stems removed, leaves torn; 1 (3.5-ounce) package honshimeji or oyster mushrooms, torn into bite-size pieces | INSTRUCTIONS: Break rice apart with your hands or a spoon so grains are individual and not in clumps. Heat 1 Tbsp. oil in a large nonstick skillet over medium-high. Add egg and cook, breaking up with chopsticks or a rubber spatula, just until it is in small clumps and mostly set, about 1 minute. Add rice, toss to distribute egg, and cook, undisturbed, drizzling 1 Tbsp. oil around edge of pan, until rice begins to crisp, about 3 minutes. Add 1/4 cup chives and 1/2 tsp. coriander to rice and cook, tossing occasionally, until rice is heated through and crisp in spots, about 4 minutes. Add mushroom soy sauce an <END>
INPUT: moroccan, crustless French bread, garlic, orange peel, cumin, cayenne pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Moroccan-Style Lamb Chops | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 1/2-inch-thick slices crustless French bread (each about 3x5 inches); 2 teaspoons minced garlic; 2 teaspoons grated orange peel; 1 teaspoon ground cumin; 1/4 teaspoon cayenne pepper; 1 1/2 teaspoons olive oil; 6 3/4-inch-thick lamb rib chops | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 500°F. Grind bread in processor to fine crumbs. Add garlic, orange peel, cumin and cayenne pepper. Drizzle in olive oil and blend until crumbs are evenly moistened. Transfer crumb mixture to plate. Sprinkle lamb chops with salt. Dip both sides of lamb chops into crumb mixture, pressing all crumbs into lamb. Arrange lamb chops on small baking sheet. Bake lamb chops until crumb coating is golden and lamb is cooked to desired doneness, about 12 minutes for medium-rare. Serve immediately. Preheat oven to 500°F. Grind bread in processor to fine crumbs. Add garlic, orange peel, cumin <END>
INPUT: dumplings, chicken breast tenders, olive oil, butter, russet potato, carrots
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken and Dumplings | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 pounds chicken breast tenders; 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 turn of the pan; 2 tablespoons butter; 1 russet potato, peeled and diced; 2 medium carrots, peeled and diced or thinly sliced; 1 medium onion, chopped; 1 rib celery, diced; 1 bay leaf, fresh or dried; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 teaspoon poultry seasoning, 1/3 palm full; 2 tablespoons flour, a handful; 1 quart chicken broth or stock, canned or paper container, preferred brand Kitchen Basics; 1 small box biscuit mix(preferred brand Jiffy Mix); 1/2 cup warm water; 1 cup frozen green peas | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Dice tenders into bite size pieces and set aside. Wash hands. Place a large pot on stove over medium high heat. Add oil, butter, vegetables and bay leaf and cook 5 minutes, stirring frequently. Season mixture with salt, pepper and poultry seasoning. Add flour to the pan and cook 2 minutes. Stir broth or stock to the pot and bring to a boil. Add chicken to the broth and stir. Place biscuit mix in a bowl. Combine with 1/2 cup warm water and parsley. Drop tablespoonfuls of prepared mix into the pot, spacing dumplings evenly. Cover pot tightly and reduce heat to medi <END>
INPUT: American, gorilla, cream, bananas, mascarpone cheese, confectioners' sugar, vanilla bean, Juice Meyer lemon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Gorilla Ice Cream Sandwiches | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 4 frozen bananas, peeled and cut in 2-inch pieces; 1/2 cup mascarpone cheese; 1/2 cup confectioners' sugar; 1 vanilla bean, halved, seeds removed; Juice of 1/2 Meyer lemon; Double Chocolate Cookie Sandwiches, recipe follows; 2 cups all-purpose flour; 1/2 cup good quality cocoa powder; 1 teaspoon baking powder; 1/2 teaspoon baking soda; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 1 cup or 2 sticks unsalted butter, softened; 1 cup light brown sugar; 1/2 cup white sugar; 3 large eggs | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: 6 (3-inch) ring molds Freeze the banana pieces overnight in resealable plastic bags. Put the bananas, mascarpone, sugar, vanilla seeds, and lemon juice in a food processor. Pulse for a few seconds, and then whip until smooth, about 20 to 30 seconds. Lay 3-inch ring molds on parchment-lined baking sheets, and fill evenly with the mixture. Freeze until firm, 1 hour or longer, if needed. Pop out of the molds, and place sandwiched between Double Chocolate Cookies. Position an oven rack in the center of the oven and preheat to 350 degrees F. Line two baking sheets with parchment  <END>
INPUT: seaweed, salad, ogo, Lemon Dressing, garlic, Korean chile pepper, soy sauce
OUTPUT: TITLE: Ogo (Seaweed) Salad with Fresh Lemon Dressing | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound ogo; 3/4 cup Fresh Lemon Dressing, recipe follows; 1 teaspoon minced garlic; 1 teaspoon Korean chile pepper paste; 1 tablespoon soy sauce; 1 cup lemon juice, strained; 2 cups water; 1/2 cup distilled vinegar; 1/2 teaspoon white pepper; 1 teaspoon salt; 1/2 teaspoon grated lemon rind; 1 1/4 cups sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: To prepare the ogo: Blanch the ogo in a pot of boiling water for 1 to 2 minutes. Drain ogo and rinse under cold, running water. Soak ogo in ice water for 5 minutes, to seal in flavor and crunchiness. Drain well and place in a large bowl. Add Fresh Lemon Dressing, garlic, chile paste, and soy sauce, and mix well. Mix all ingredients together and shake well. <END>
INPUT: tacos, glaze, corn tortillas, Cheddar cheese, Monterey Jack cheese, sweet potatoes, Salt pepper taste
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Sweet Potato Tacos with Ancho Chile-Maple Syrup Glaze | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 8 blue corn tortillas; 1 cup grated White Cheddar cheese; 1 cup grated Monterey Jack cheese; 2 medium sweet potatoes, boiled, peeled and cut into 1/4-inch thick round slices; Salt and white pepper to taste; 1/4 cup olive oil; 1 tablespoon ancho chile powder; 1/2 cup maple syrup; 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard; 1 tablespoon ancho chile powder; Salt and freshly ground pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 400 F. Using 1 tortilla for each serving, place 1/4 cup of each cheese over half the tortilla's surface, top with 3 slices of sweet potatoes and season with salt and white pepper to taste. Fold the tortilla over the filling to make a semicircle. Before serving brush the top lightly with oil and sprinkle with ancho chile powder. Bake for 6 minutes or until crisp. Serve 2 per person and drizzle each with the maple glaze Combine the ingredients in a small bowl. <END>
INPUT: cake, almond paste, all purpose flour, baking powder, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Almond Cake with Kirsch Cream and Lingonberry Preserves | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 7 oz almond paste (not marzipan); 1 cup all-purpose flour; 1 teaspoon baking powder; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 2 sticks (1 cup) unsalted butter, softened; 1 1/2 cups sugar; 1 teaspoon vanilla; 8 large eggs at room temperature; 1 1/2 cups chilled heavy cream; 2 tablespoons kirsch; 1 cup lingonberry preserves; Special equipment: an 11- by 2 1/2-inch (12-cup) springform tube pan with a decorative bottom, or a 9- by 4-inch (14-cup) tube pan | INSTRUCTIONS: Make cake: Preheat oven to 325°F. Butter pan generously and dust with flour, knocking out excess. Break almond paste into pieces and pulse in a food processor until finely ground. Sift together flour, baking powder, and salt into a bowl. Beat together butter and sugar with an electric mixer at high speed until pale and very fluffy, about 3 minutes. Add almond paste and vanilla and beat until combined well, about 2 minutes. Add eggs 1 at a time, beating well after each addition and occasionally scraping down side of bowl. Add flour mixture and mix at low speed 30 seconds. Finish mixing batter b <END>
INPUT: salad, corn, pimento, cumin, Salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Corn-Pimento Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups frozen or canned corn, thawed and/or drained; 4 ounces canned pimento, diced; 1 (4-ounce) can diced green chiles; 1 teaspoon ground cumin; Salt and ground black pepper; 1 tablespoon chopped parsley leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: In a medium bowl, combine corn, pimento, green chiles, and cumin. Mix well and season to taste with salt and black pepper. Garnish with fresh parsley. <END>
INPUT: soup, olive oil, each onion bell, garlic, cumin
OUTPUT: TITLE: Black Bean Soup | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1/2 cup each onion and red bell pepper, finely diced; 2 garlic cloves; 1 teaspoon ground cumin; 2 (15 ounce) can black beans, rinsed and drained; 4 cups chicken broth; Garnish: 4 ounces shredded or diced smoked ham, sour cream, pickled jalapeno or nacho peppers | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat 2 tablespoons olive oil. Saute 1/2 cup each finely diced onion and red pepper, cover and cook until tender. Add 2 cloves minced garlic and 1 teaspoon ground cumin and saute a few seconds. Add two (15 ounce) cans rinsed and drained black beans and 4 cups chicken broth. Bring to a simmer and cook for 10 minutes to bring flavors together. If too thick, thin with water, then adjust seasoning. Garnish with 4 ounces finely shredded or diced smoked ham, sour cream and pickled jalapeno or nacho peppers, if you wish. <END>
INPUT: American, burgers, shallots, wine, lemon juice, capers
OUTPUT: TITLE: Salmon Burgers with Lemon and Capers | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 5 tablespoons (or more) olive oil; 1 cup chopped shallots (about 3 large); 1 cup dry white wine; 1/2 cup fresh lemon juice; 1 4-ounce jar capers, drained, chopped; 2 pounds chilled skinless salmon fillets, cut into 1-inch pieces, any bones removed; 3 cups fresh breadcrumbs made from French bread; 2 large eggs, beaten to blend; 3 tablespoons chopped fresh dill; 1 1/2 teaspoons salt; 3/4 teaspoon ground black pepper; 10 hamburger buns, split, toasted; Mayonnaise; Lettuce leaves; Tomato slices | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat 4 tablespoons olive oil in heavy medium skillet over medium heat. Add shallots and sauté until translucent, about 4 minutes. Increase heat to medium-high. Add white wine, lemon juice and drained capers and cook until almost all liquid evaporates, about 12 minutes. Transfer shallot mixture to large bowl. Refrigerate until shallot mixture is well chilled, about 1 hour. Using on/off turns, coarsely grind salmon fillets in processor. Add ground salmon to shallot mixture. Mix in fresh breadcrumbs, beaten eggs, dill, 1 1/2 teaspoons salt and 3/4 teaspoon pepper. Form salmon mixture into 10 patt <END>
INPUT: French, Unsalted butter greasing, all purpose flour, milk, nutmeg, Kosher salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken and Cheddar Souffle | CUISINE: French | INGREDIENTS: Unsalted butter for greasing the souffle dish, plus 1/2 stick (4 tablespoons), at room temperature; 1/4 cup all-purpose flour; 1 1/2 cups whole milk, at room temperature; 1/2 teaspoon ground nutmeg; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 1/2 cups shredded mild Cheddar; 1/2 cup grated Parmesan; 2 packed cups baby spinach leaves; 1 store-bought, rotisserie chicken, breast meat only, skinned and cut into 1/2-inch cubes (about 2 cups); 6 egg yolks, at room temperature, lightly beaten; 2 (1/2-inch thick) slices country-style white bread, crusts removed, cut into 1/2-inch cubes; 6 egg whites, at room temperature | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: a 2-quart (8-cups) souffle dish Arrange an oven rack in the center of the oven. Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Butter the bottom and sides of a 2-quart souffle dish. Set aside. In a medium saucepan, heat 1/2 stick of butter over medium-low heat. Add the flour and cook, stirring constantly, for 2 minutes. Slowly whisk in the milk until the mixture is smooth and creamy. Bring the mixture to a simmer and cook, stirring constantly, until the mixture coats the back of a spoon, about 8 to 10 minutes. Stir in the nutmeg and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Remove the pan  <END>
INPUT: rotisserie, served, Long Island duck, Salt pepper, Hoisin Baste, oranges, scallions
OUTPUT: TITLE: Rotisserie Duck with Hoisin Baste served with Grilled Oranges, Scallions and Pancakes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 Long Island duck, about 5 to 6 pounds; Salt and pepper; Hoisin Baste, recipe follows; 2 oranges, halved; 1 bunch scallions, cut into 3-inch pieces and soaked in ice water; 8 Chinese pancakes or 6-inch flour tortillas, warmed; Peanut oil for drizzling; 2 tablespoons peanut oil; 1 large red onion, coarsely chopped; 3 cloves garlic, coarsely chopped; 1-inch piece peeled ginger, coarsely chopped; 2 cups diced plum tomatoes; 1/2 cup water; 1/2 cup hoisin sauce; 1/4 cup ketchup | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. One day before you grill the duck, set the duck on a baking rack set over a baking sheet and store in the refrigerator uncovered to dry. Heat grill to medium heat and set up rotisserie. Season duck with salt and pepper and skewer it onto the rotisserie rod. Place a drip pan under the duck to catch the rendered fat. Once the fat had begun to render off the duck, brush with the Hoisin Baste every 10 minutes. Cook the duck for 1 to 1 1/2 hours for medium-rare doneness. Remove from the grill and brush with more of the baste. Let the duck rest for 10 minutes before sl <END>
INPUT: shandy, sugar, water, four lemon zest, lemon juice, mint
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lemon Shandy | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup sugar; 3 cups water; four 3-inch strips lemon zest, removed with a vegetable peeler; 1 cup fresh lemon juice; 2 fresh mint sprigs; chilled beer, such as pale ale | INSTRUCTIONS: In a small saucepan bring sugar and 1 cup water to a boil, stirring until sugar is dissolved, and stir in zest. Cool sugar syrup to room temperature. Transfer syrup to a small pitcher and stir in remaining 2 cups water, lemon juice, and mint. Chill lemonade until cold. (Makes about 4 1/2 cups lemonade.) Pour 1/4 cup lemonade, or to taste, into each of 4 chilled beer glasses and top off with beer. In a small saucepan bring sugar and 1 cup water to a boil, stirring until sugar is dissolved, and stir in zest. Cool sugar syrup to room temperature. Transfer syrup to a small pitcher and stir in rema <END>
INPUT: American, apples, dates, walnuts, olive oil, sherry vinegar, Kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Crispy Haloumi Cheese with Dates, Walnuts, and Apples | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup roughly chopped dried dates; 1/2 cup walnuts, toasted and chopped; 1/3 cup olive oil; 1 tablespoon sherry vinegar; Kosher salt; Canola oil; 8 ounces haloumi cheese, cut into 1-inch cubes; 1 apple, peeled and cut into matchsticks; Chopped fresh dill; 1/2 teaspoon ground Urfa pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine the dates, walnuts, olive oil, vinegar, a couple pinches of salt, and 1/2 cup hot water in a food processor and puree until smooth. Set the date paste aside. Film a skillet with canola oil and heat over medium-high heat until the oil is shimmering but not smoking. Arrange the cheese cubes in a single layer in the skillet and cook, turning, until the exteriors are golden and crisp, about 2 minutes per side. Spread the date paste over the bottom of a serving plate and add the fried haloumi. Top with the apple, dill, and Urfa pepper, and serve immediately. Photograph copyright © 2015 by M <END>
INPUT: glaze, pomegranate molasses, garlic, onion, mint leaves, coriander seeds
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Bluefish in Pomegranate Glaze | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/3 cup pomegranate molasses, plus more for garnish; 1 tablespoon chopped garlic; 1 small red onion, sliced as thin as possible; 1 tablespoon chopped mint leaves; 1 teaspoon toasted and crushed coriander seeds; 1 tablespoon grated orange zest; 4 (6-ounce) bluefish fillets, skin on; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1/2 cup vegetable oil, for coating the fish; Potato Puree, recipe follows; Grilled Eggplant, recipe follows; Cucumbers and Yogurt, recipe follows; Pea Tendrils, recipe follows; 1/2 pomegranate, seeded; 1 pound baking potatoes, like russets, peeled and cut into large pieces | INSTRUCTIONS: In a bowl large enough to hold the four fish fillets, combine the pomegranate molasses, chopped garlic, red onion, crushed coriander seeds, and orange zest. Let marinate for 1/2 hour, refrigerated. Season bluefish with salt and pepper. Brush generously with oil. Put fish on hottest part of grill, skin side up. When the first side is charred and releases from the grill, about 5 minutes flip and grill on second side. Cook an additional 5 minutes or until done. Take care not to over char the fish. The marinade has sugar in it so it may burn easily. To serve, put a piece of fish in the center of e <END>
INPUT: Giblets neck from, turkey
OUTPUT: TITLE: Plum-Glazed Turkey | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: (make one day ahead):; 1 large can (48 ounces) chicken broth; Giblets and neck from turkey, rinsed and dried; (make Thanksgiving Day):; 1 turkey (about 18 pounds); 1 large orange, halved; Paprika, salt and pepper, to taste; Cranberry Fennel Stuffing; 4 to 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature; Plum Glaze (make one day ahead); 2 large bunches red grapes, for garnish; 2 to 3 large bunches fresh sage, for garnish; (make Thanksgiving Day) | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. Prepare the Giblet Broth one day ahead: Simmer the chicken broth, giblets and neck in a saucepan until the giblets are tender, about 1 hour. Strain the broth into a bowl; cover and refrigerate. Shred the meat from the neck and finely chop the giblets; cover and refrigerate. 2. Preheat oven to 325°F. Prepare the turkey: Squeeze the orange inside the body and neck cavities; sprinkle with paprika, salt and pepper. Stuff loosely with Cranberry Fennel Stuffing , using about 3 cups for the neck and 8 cups for the body. Close the turkey with lacers or sew with a large needle and heavy thread; tie  <END>
INPUT: American, vinaigrette, herb, filet mignon, Canola oil, Kosher salt, pepper, goat cheese
OUTPUT: TITLE: Filet Mignon with Honey-Dijon Vinaigrette, Lavender Fine Herb Goat Cheese and Butter Lettuce | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound filet mignon, trimmed; Canola oil, for brushing; Kosher salt; 2 teaspoons coarsely ground black pepper; 8 ounces goat cheese, such as Bonne Bouche; 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh flat-leaf parsley; 1 tablespoon finely chopped chives; 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh tarragon; 1 teaspoon dried lavender or a mix of fresh and dried; Freshly ground black pepper; 1/4 cup mild-variety honey, such as Hamptons Honey Company; 3 tablespoons champagne vinegar; 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil | INSTRUCTIONS: For the filet mignon: Remove the filet from the refrigerator 30 minutes before grilling. Heat a charcoal or gas grill to high for direct grilling. For the fine herb goat cheese: Mash together the cheese, parsley, chives, tarragon, lavender and black pepper in a small bowl. For the vinaigrette: Whisk together the honey, vinegar, mustard and salt and pepper to taste in a bowl until combined. Slowly whisk in the olive oil until emulsified. Brush the filet mignon with the canola oil and sprinkle with salt. Press the pepper onto the entire surface. Grill until golden brown and slightly charred on b <END>
INPUT: Asian, salad, bok choy, wedge purple cabbage, scallions, Mandarin orange segments, chow mein noodles
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Bok Choy Salad | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1 medium head bok choy; 1/4 wedge purple cabbage or 5 leaves curly purple savoy cabbage; 4 whole scallions; 1 small can Mandarin orange segments (9 to 12 ounces), drained; 1 cup chow mein noodles or 1 package dry ramen noodles, toasted in a dry pan; 1/4 cup wasabi peas; 1/4 cup chopped cilantro leaves; 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt; 1/2 teaspoon freshly cracked black pepper; Orange Sesame Balsamic Dressing, recipe follows; 1/4 cup orange juice; 1/4 cup balsamic vinegar; 1/4 cup olive oil; 1 tablespoon toasted sesame oil; 1 teaspoon grated fresh ginger root | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Heat a grill to medium-high heat. Wash the bok choy, cabbage and scallions and shake to remove the excess water. Grill just until grill marks appear and become aromatic, about 30 seconds to 1 minute. Remove them from the grill to a cutting board. Julienne the bok choy and chop the cabbage. If using curly leaf cabbage. cut into chiffonade. Add the bok choy and the cabbage to a large salad bowl. Cut the scallions on the bias and add them to the bowl. Add the remaining ingredients and toss. Pour the Orange Sesame Balsamic Dressing over the salad, then toss and serve <END>
INPUT: punch, Decorative ice block, navel oranges, lemons, limes, raspberries
OUTPUT: TITLE: Gin Punch | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Decorative ice block; 6 navel oranges, cut into quarter-wheels; 6 lemons, cut into half-wheels; 3 limes, cut into wheels; 1 pint fresh raspberries; 1 pineapple, cut into 1-inch cubes; 1 (750 ml) bottle Plymouth gin; 1 3/4 cups freshly squeezed lemon juice; 1 1/4 cups simple syrup; 1/2 cup orgeat or almond syrup; 1 cup Massenez crème de framboise; 3 cups water; 1 (750 ml) bottle Perrier-Jouët Grand Brut champagne | INSTRUCTIONS: Prepare the decorative ice block, allowing a few hours for freezing. Combine all the fruits in a large punch bowl. Add the gin, juice, syrups, crème de framboise, and water. Refrigerate for at least 4 to 5 hours. Just before serving, add the champagne and the decorative ice block. Prepare the decorative ice block, allowing a few hours for freezing. Combine all the fruits in a large punch bowl. Add the gin, juice, syrups, crème de framboise, and water. Refrigerate for at least 4 to 5 hours. Just before serving, add the champagne and the decorative ice block. <END>
INPUT: crostini, stack, beef short, sweet paprika, Kosher salt pepper, garlic, carrot
OUTPUT: TITLE: Glazed Short Rib Crostini Stack | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound boneless beef short ribs, trimmed of excess fat; 1/2 teaspoon sweet paprika; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper 1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil; 6 cloves garlic, crushed and peeled; 1 medium carrot, cut into large chunks; 1 small onion, peeled and quartered; 1 sprig fresh thyme; 1/2 cup dry red wine; 1 1/2 cups low-sodium beef broth; 2 tablespoons honey; 1 tablespoon balsamic vinegar; Twelve 1/2-inch-thick slices baguette; 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 2 ounces blue cheese, at room temperature; 2 ounces cream cheese, at room temperature | INSTRUCTIONS: For the short ribs: Cut the short ribs into bite-sized chunks (you should have at least 12). Sprinkle with the paprika, 1/2 teaspoon salt and some pepper. Heat the olive oil in a small Dutch oven over medium heat. Add the short rib pieces and brown all over, 4 to 5 minutes total. Remove to a plate. Add the garlic, carrot, onion and thyme to the Dutch oven and cook until the vegetables just begin to brown, about 2 minutes. Add the meat back in and add the wine, then increase the heat to boil the wine down to a glaze, 1 to 2 minutes. Add the broth, honey and vinegar and reduce the heat to low so <END>
INPUT: Italian, coarse salt, pepper, oregano, garlic powder, racks lamb
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lamb Chops with Oregano and Lemon | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons coarse salt; 1 tablespoon ground black pepper; 1 tablespoon dried oregano; 1 tablespoon garlic powder; 2 8-rib racks of lamb (each rack about 1 1/2 to 1 3/4 pounds), each rack cut into 4 double chops; Greek Potatoes with Lemon Vinaigrette; Lemon wedges | INSTRUCTIONS: Mix salt, pepper, oregano and garlic powder in small bowl. Rub spice mixture on all sides of lamb chops. Place lamb chops in large glass baking dish. Cover; chill at least 4 hours or overnight. Prepare barbecue (medium-high heat). Grill lamb chops to desired doneness, about 4 minutes per side for medium-rare. Place 2 double lamb chops on each of 4 plates. Place potatoes alongside; drizzle some lemon vinaigrette over lamb. Garnish with lemon wedges. Mix salt, pepper, oregano and garlic powder in small bowl. Rub spice mixture on all sides of lamb chops. Place lamb chops in large glass baking dis <END>
INPUT: olive oil, garlic, onions, dozen Manila clams, kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Manila Clams in Garlic and Beer | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup olive oil; 6 cloves garlic, minced fine; 2 red onions, chopped fine; 8 dozen small Manila clams, well-scrubbed; 3 tablespoons kosher salt; 2 tablespoons freshly ground black pepper; 1/2 bunch fresh basil leaves; 2 cans beer (your choice) | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat oil in a large stock pot. Gently saute garlic and onions until light golden brown, being careful not to burn them. Place clams in pot and season with salt and pepper. Add fresh basil and pour in beer. Cover pot and bring to boil over medium heat, cooking until clams open. Remove clams to platter or large serving bowl, discarding any that do not open. Pour broth into a serving bowl for dipping with crusty bread. <END>
INPUT: American, olive oil, onion, Yukon gold potatoes, carrots, mushrooms
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken Pot Pie | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon olive oil; 1 onion, chopped; 1 pound Yukon gold potatoes, unpeeled and cut into 1/2-inch cubes; 3 carrots, peeled and sliced 1/4-inch thick; 8 ounces mushrooms, sliced; 1 clove garlic, finely chopped; 1/3 cup all-purpose flour; 3 cups homemade chicken stock or reduced-fat low-sodium chicken broth, warmed; 2 cups diced cooked chicken meat; 1 tablespoon fresh tarragon leaves, chopped; Coarse salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 disk Beginner's Pie Crust, recipe follows, or 1 sheet store-bought pie crust, refrigerated; 1 1/4 cups all-purpose flour, plus more for rolling; 1/2 teaspoon fine sea salt; 4 tablespoons (1/2 stick) unsalted butter, chilled and cut into pieces | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat the oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Add the onions and potatoes and cook until the onions are translucent, about 5 minutes. Add the carrots and mushrooms and cook, stirring occasionally, until the mushrooms are tender and have released their moisture, about 5 minutes. Add the garlic and cook until fragrant, 45 to 60 seconds. Add the flour and cook, stirring, for 1 minute. Add the warmed chicken stock and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat and simmer until thick and bubbly, about 7 minutes. Add the chicken meat and tarragon; taste and adjust the seasoning with salt and pepper.  <END>
INPUT: Italian, pesto, fingerling potatoes, virgin olive oil, Kosher salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Fingerling Potatoes with Chive Pesto | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 3/4 pounds fingerling potatoes, halved lengthwise; 1 tablespoon plus 1/2 cup extra-virgin olive oil; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1/2 cup (packed) chopped fresh chives, plus more for garnish; 1/2 cup (packed) chopped fresh flat-leaf parsley; 2 tablespoons slivered almonds, chopped walnuts, or pine nuts; 1 garlic clove; 2 teaspoons fresh lemon juice | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 425°F. In a medium bowl, toss potatoes with 1 tablespoon oil to coat; season generously with salt and pepper. Spread potato halves in a single layer on a rimmed baking sheet. Roast potatoes, turning occasionally, until tender and golden brown,25-30 minutes. Meanwhile, combine 1/2 cup chives, parsley, almonds, and garlic in a processor. Pulse until finely chopped. With machine running, gradually add remaining oil through feed tube and process until incorporated. Transfer chive pesto to a small bowl. Stir in lemon juice, then 2 tablespoons water. Season pesto with salt and pepper <END>
INPUT: olive oil, skin almonds, Coarse sea salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fried Almonds | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup olive oil; 3 cups skin-on almonds; Coarse sea salt (such as Maldon) | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat oil in a large skillet until hot but not smoking. Add almonds and cook, stirring occasionally, until browned and toasted through, 7-8 minutes. Using a slotted spoon, transfer to paper towels. Season generously to taste with salt. DO AHEAD: Can be made 1 day ahead. Store cooled nuts airtight at room temperature. Heat oil in a large skillet until hot but not smoking. Add almonds and cook, stirring occasionally, until browned and toasted through, 7-8 minutes. Using a slotted spoon, transfer to paper towels. Season generously to taste with salt. DO AHEAD: Can be made 1 day ahead. Store cooled <END>
INPUT: mashers, lamb loin chops, Dijon mustard, garlic, soy sauce, canola oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Garlic Marinated Lamb with Garlic Chive Mashers | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 12 lamb loin chops; 1/4 cup Dijon mustard; 1/3 cup minced garlic; 1/4 cup thin soy sauce; 1/3 cup canola oil; 1/2 cup red wine; 1 teaspoon coarse ground black pepper; 6 to 8 large yukon gold potatoes, washed; 8 garlic cloves; 1 cup chopped garlic chives, may substitute regular chives; 1 cup heavy cream; 1 tablespoon butter; Salt and black pepper to taste | INSTRUCTIONS: Mix all ingredients together and marinate chops for at least 4 hours, preferably overnight. Grill to desired doneness.; Bake the potatoes until fully cooked (about 45 minutes at 350 degrees). In a saucepan, saute half of the chives and garlic in a little butter. Add cream and reduce by 50 per cent. With a hand blender, mix well and check for seasoning. Add the remaining chives. Hand mash the potatoes, skin and all. Add the cream, butter and check for seasoning. Serve with vegetable following.; <END>
INPUT: mixed, bell peppers, orange bell peppers, Anaheim chiles, virgin olive oil, capers
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Mixed Peppers with Capers and Marjoram | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 large red bell peppers; 4 large yellow or orange bell peppers; 4 large fresh Anaheim chiles*; 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 3 tablespoons drained capers; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh marjoram plus leaves for garnish; 2 garlic cloves, minced; 1 tablespoon white wine vinegar | INSTRUCTIONS: Char bell peppers and chiles over gas flame or in broiler until blackened on all sides. Place in large bowl; cover tightly with plastic wrap and cool. Peel, seed, and stem peppers and chiles. Cut bell peppers into 1-inch-wide strips. Cut chiles into 1/2-inch-wide strips. Place pepper and chile strips in medium bowl. Add olive oil, capers, chopped marjoram, garlic, and vinegar to bowl and toss to incorporate evenly. Season pepper and chile mixture to taste with salt and pepper. DO AHEAD: Can be made 2 days ahead. Cover and chill. Sprinkle marjoram leaves over and serve. Char bell peppers and ch <END>
INPUT: cake, Unsalted butter, carrots, baking powder, baking soda
OUTPUT: TITLE: Carrot Cake | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Unsalted butter, for the pan; 12 ounces, approximately 2 1/2 cups, all-purpose flour, plus extra for pan; 12 ounces grated carrots, medium grate, approximately 6 medium; 1 teaspoon baking powder; 1 teaspoon baking soda; 1/4 teaspoon ground allspice; 1/4 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground nutmeg; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 10 ounces sugar, approximately 1 1/3 cups; 2 ounces dark brown sugar, approximately 1/4 cup firmly packed; 3 large eggs; 6 ounces plain yogurt; 6 ounces vegetable oil; Cream Cheese Frosting, recipe follows | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Butter and flour a 9-inch round and 3-inch deep cake pan. Line the bottom with parchment paper. Set aside. Put the carrots into a large mixing bowl and set aside. Put the flour, baking powder, baking soda, spices, and salt in the bowl of a food processor and process for 5 seconds. Add this mixture to the carrots and toss until they are well-coated with the flour. In the bowl of the food processor combine the sugar, brown sugar, eggs, and yogurt. With the processor still running drizzle in the vegetable oil. Pour this mixture into th <END>
INPUT: stew, pork shoulder, coriander, garlic, kosher salt, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pork and Squash Stew with Chiles | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 pound boneless pork shoulder (Boston butt), cut into 2" pieces; 1 tablespoon ground coriander; 10 garlic cloves, finely chopped, divided; 1 tablespoon kosher salt, plus more; Freshly ground black pepper; 1/2 cup raw shelled pumpkin seeds; 6 dried New Mexico or guajillo chiles; 2 chiles de árbol or 1/2 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes; 2 large yellow onions, cut into 1/8"-thick wedges, divided; 2 tablespoons vegetable oil; 4 sprigs oregano; 1/2 kabocha squash (about 1 pound), peeled, seeds removed, cut into 1" pieces; 1 delicata squash, seeds removed, cut into 1/2"-thick slices; 1/2 small red onion, thinly sliced; 1/4 cup fresh lime juice | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine pork, coriander, half of garlic, and 1 tablespoon salt in a large bowl; season with pepper and toss. Cover; chill at least 4 hours. Preheat oven to 350°F. Toast pumpkin seeds on a rimmed baking sheet, tossing occasionally, until golden, about 5 minutes; set aside. Toast chiles on clean baking sheet until slightly darkened, about 5 minutes. Let cool slightly, then remove stems, and seeds, if you prefer less heat. Place chiles, half of yellow onion, remaining garlic, and 1 cup hot water in a blender; let sit 10 minutes to soften chiles. Blend until smooth; set chile purée aside. Heat oil <END>
INPUT: Salt pepper, sage, virgin olive oil, butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sage Veal Chops | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 (1-inch thick) veal chops; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 6 sprigs fresh sage, leaves stripped and chopped, about 4 tablespoons; 1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil, 1 turn of the pan; 2 tablespoons butter; 1/2 cup dry white wine, eyeball it | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat a heavy-bottomed skillet over medium high heat. Season chops with salt and pepper and rub them each with about 1 tablespoon of chopped sage. Rub the sage into meat on both sides of each chop. Add oil to the pan. Melt butter into the oil and add chops to the pan. Cook chops 5 minutes on each side and transfer to warm platter and let them rest. Add wine to the pan and scrape up drippings. Spoon drippings down over the chops and serve. <END>
INPUT: salad, citrus, radicchio, arugula, orange bell pepper, grapefruit juice, orange juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Radicchio, Orange Bell Pepper and Arugula Salad with a Citrus Vinaigrette | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 head radicchio; 1 large bunch arugula; 1 orange bell pepper, roasted then skinned and seeded; 2 tablespoons grapefruit juice; 2 tablespoons orange juice; 1 teaspoon mustard; 1/3 cup extra virgin olive oil; Salt and pepper to taste; Orange zest to garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Slice the head of radicchio into thin slices. Remove stems from arugula. Wash under cold water and spin dry. Slice roasted orange bell pepper into strips. In a large bowl toss all the greens together. Season with salt and pepper. Place slices of roasted pepper on top. Drizzle with Citrus Vinaigrette and garnish with orange zest. (see recipe below). In a small bowl combine juices and mustard. Slowly drizzle in olive oil while whisking. Season with salt and pepper. Yield: about 1/2 cup dressing <END>
INPUT: Mexican, enchiladas, onions, ancho chiles, arbol chiles, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Turkey Enchiladas | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2 (28-ounce) cans whole, peeled San Marzano tomatoes, drained and seeded; 2 large onions, roughly chopped; 8 dried ancho chiles,* seeds removed; 20 dried arbol chiles, seeds removed; 4 heads garlic, cloves separated and peeled; 2 stalks celery, roughly chopped; 2 large carrots, roughly chopped; 4 tablespoons whole coriander seeds; 2 tablespoons whole cumin seeds; 2 tablespoons whole dill seeds; Fine sea salt and freshly ground black pepper; Your favorite roast turkey or 2 roast chickens; 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened, for greasing the baking dish; About 4 cups pulled cooked turkey (from roast turkey) or chicken (from 2 roast chickens); 8 (12-inch) flour tortillas | INSTRUCTIONS: While preparing Thanksgiving dinner, make the enchilada sauce: In a large bowl, combine the tomatoes, onions, ancho and arbol chiles, garlic, celery, carrots, coriander, cumin, and dill and stir to combine. Season with salt and pepper then transfer to the roasting pan you will roast the turkey in. Roast the turkey according to your recipe. As the turkey roasts, its juices and fat will drip down and cook the enchilada sauce ingredients. (Keep in mind that if you baste the turkey with the turkey juices, they'll be flavored with your enchilada sauce ingredients. To avoid flavoring your turkey thi <END>
INPUT: canola oil, Two fillets porgy, kosher salt, unsalted butter, pumpkin seeds
OUTPUT: TITLE: Porgy with Starfruit and Pumpkin Seeds | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon canola oil; Two 3-ounce fillets porgy, skin and pin bones removed; 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt; 2 tablespoons whole unsalted butter; 2 tablespoons pumpkin seeds; 2 teaspoons chopped shallots; 1 whole starfruit, sliced | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat the oil in a medium saute pan over high heat. Sprinkle the fish evenly with the salt and then place in the pan. Cook until translucent, and then flip and add the butter. Cook until the butter is brown, then add the pumpkin seeds, shallots and starfruit. Saute until the shallots are translucent and the starfruit is blistered. Baste the fish with the butter, shallot and starfruit juices and remove from the pan. Place the fish on a plate and spoon the starfruit and pumpkin seeds over and around the fish. <END>
INPUT: Italian, all purpose flour, buttermilk, spinach, parmesan cheese
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spinach-Parmesan Soufflés | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup (1/2 stick) unsalted butter; 6 tablespoons all purpose flour; 1 1/4 cups buttermilk; 1 9-to 10-ounce package frozen chopped spinach, thawed, squeezed dry; 1 1/2 cups grated parmesan cheese; 6 large egg yolks; 2 teaspoons coarse kosher salt; 3/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 8 large egg whites; Special equipment: 8 1-cup soufflé dishes or custard cups | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 375°F. Butter eight 1-cup soufflé dishes or custard cups; place on large rimmed baking sheet. Melt 1/4 cup butter in large saucepan over medium heat. Add flour; whisk 1 minute. Add buttermilk; whisk 1 minute. Stir in spinach and next 4 ingredients. Set aside. Using electric mixer, beat egg whites in large bowl until firm peaks form. Fold egg whites into spinach mixture in 3 additions. Divide equally among prepared dishes. Bake soufflés until puffed and brown on top, about 30 minutes. Serve immediately. Preheat oven to 375°F. Butter eight 1-cup soufflé dishes or custard cups; pl <END>
INPUT: latkes, russet potatoes, sweet potatoes, onion, Kosher salt pepper, chives
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sweet Potato Latkes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 pound russet potatoes, peeled; 1/2 pound sweet potatoes, peeled; 1 small onion; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 3 tablespoons chopped fresh chives; 1/3 cup all-purpose flour or matzo meal; 1 large egg, beaten; Vegetable oil or rendered chicken or duck fat, for frying; Applesauce, prepared horseradish and/or sour cream, for serving | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 250 degrees F. Grate the russet potatoes and sweet potatoes on the large holes of a box grater and transfer to a large colander set over a bowl. Grate the onion and add to the colander. Sprinkle with 1 teaspoon salt and 1/2 teaspoon pepper. Firmly squeeze the mixture with your hands to extract as much liquid as possible (blot dry on paper towels if especially wet). Transfer the mixture to a large bowl. Mix in the chives. Add the flour and egg and stir until thoroughly combined. Using 1/4 cup of the mixture at a time, form tightly packed pancakes about 2 inches wide and tran <END>
INPUT: Mexican, shots, seedless watermelon, milliliter tequila, limes, Kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Watermelon Tequila Shots | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 large seedless watermelon; One 750-milliliter bottle tequila; 6 to 7 limes, cut into wedges; Kosher salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Cut a hole in the watermelon large enough for the tequila bottle's neck. Insert the tequila bottle upside down. Refrigerate and let the liquor soak into the watermelon's flesh overnight. Cube the melon, and skewer each cube with a wedge of lime sprinkled with salt. <END>
INPUT: Asian, sugar, Chinese oyster sauce, soy sauce, sake, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sweet Soy-Grilled Short Ribs | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup sugar; 3/4 cup Chinese oyster sauce; 1/2 cup soy sauce; 1/2 cup sake (Japanese rice wine), Chinese rice wine, or dry sherry; 3 cloves garlic, minced; 1 piece (1 inch) peeled fresh ginger, minced; 2 scallions, white parts minced, green parts thinly sliced; About 3 pounds bone-in individual beef short ribs, cut crosswise into 1/2-inch-wide pieces | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. Place the sugar, oyster sauce, soy sauce, sake, garlic, ginger, and scallion whites in a large, nonreactive mixing bowl and whisk to mix. Stir in the short ribs. Cover the bowl and let the ribs marinate in the refrigerator for 1 to 2 hours. 2. Set up the grill for direct grilling and preheat to high; use the Mississippi test* to check the heat. 3. When ready to cook, brush and oil the grill grate. Place the short ribs on the grate and grill until sizzling and darkly browned on the outside and cooked to taste, 3 to 4 minutes per side for medium. 4. Transfer the ribs to a platter or plates, s <END>
INPUT: Mexican, mayonnaise, chili powder, cumin, garlic, Kosher salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Garlic Mayo | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup mayonnaise; 1/2 teaspoon chili powder; 1/2 teaspoon ground cumin; 1 clove garlic, minced or run through a press; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: In a bowl, mix together the mayo, chili powder, cumin, garlic and a little salt and pepper to taste.; <END>
INPUT: vegetarian, dairy free vegan, Cornmeal, Wheat Crust, pizza sauce, bell peppers
OUTPUT: TITLE: Vegetarian Pizza | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 16 ounces dairy-free vegan cheese; Cornmeal, for dusting; Whole-Wheat Crust, recipe follows; 1 jar pizza sauce (recommended: Muir Glen Organic Sauce); 3 red bell peppers, stemmed, seeded, and cut into large chunks; 1 orange bell pepper, stemmed, seeded, and cut into large chunks; 2 medium red onions, cut into large chunks; 4 portobello mushroom caps, cut into large chunks; 1 cup whole-wheat flour; 2 cups unbleached all-purpose flour; 1 tablespoon active dry yeast; 1 1/4 cups warm water (about 110 degrees F); 2 tablespoons honey | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Cut the cheese into large chunks that will fit in the shredder attachment of a food processor. Shred the cheese in the processor. Sprinkle cornmeal on a clean surface and roll out the dough until it is approximately 1/2-inch thick (should be about an 18-inch circle). Transfer dough to a pizza stone or rimless pan large enough to hold it. Spread the sauce over the surface of the crust, leaving approximately 1/2-inch of crust around the edge. Sprinkle the cut vegetables on top of the sauce and then sprinkle the cheese over the veggies. Bake for approximately 20 <END>
INPUT: chatelaine, egg yolks, superfine sugar, lemon zest, egg whites, vanilla
OUTPUT: TITLE: Creme Chatelaine | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 5 egg yolks; 1 3/8 cups superfine sugar; 1/2 teaspoon grated lemon zest; 5 egg whites; 1 teaspoon vanilla; 1 1/4 cups flour, sifted; 1/2 cup creme de cacao; 1/2 cup rum; 6 egg yolks; 4 tablespoons superfine sugar; 4 teaspoons water; 1 cup marsala; 1/2 teaspoon almond extract; 1 1/2 cups heavy cream, whipped; 4 marrons glace | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F. Beat egg yolks with sugar and vanilla in a warm bowl. Add lemon zest. Stiffly beat egg whites. Fold into egg yolk mixture. Fold in flour. Spread mixture onto an 8 by 10-inch baking sheet. Bake for 25 minutes. When cool, cut into 3 even rounds to fit mold. Soak with creme de cacao and rum. Place sugar, egg yolks, water, and marsala into double boiler. Add almond extract and whisk for 5 minutes on low heat until thick and smooth. Remove from heat and cool. Fold in whipped cream. In the bottom of a greased mold, place marrons, then add 1/3 of zabaglione mixture, the <END>
INPUT: Mexican, Vegetable oil, Coarse kosher salt, Ancho chile powder
OUTPUT: TITLE: Crispy Tortilla Strips | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: Vegetable oil (for frying); 6 (5- to 6-inch-diameter) corn tortillas, cut in half, then cut crosswise into 1/4-inch-wide strips; Coarse kosher salt; Ancho chile powder | INSTRUCTIONS: Pour enough vegetable oil into medium skillet to reach depth of 3/4 inch. Heat oil over medium heat to 350°F. Add 1/4 of tortilla strips to skillet and cook until crisp and light golden, about 45 seconds. Using tongs or slotted spoon, transfer tortilla strips to paper towels to drain. Sprinkle with coarse salt and ancho chile powder. Repeat with remaining tortilla strips in 3 batches. Cool. Do ahead: Can be made 1 day ahead. Cool completely, then store airtight at room temperature. Pour enough vegetable oil into medium skillet to reach depth of 3/4 inch. Heat oil over medium heat to 350°F. Add <END>
INPUT: omelet, unsalted butter, sugar, sweet apple Fuji, eggs, crème fraîche sour
OUTPUT: TITLE: Caramelized Apple Omelet | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 2 teaspoons sugar; 1 sweet apple such as Fuji or Gala, peeled, halved, cored, and cut into 1/4-inch-thick slices; 3 large eggs; 2 tablespoons crème fraîche or sour cream; 2 tablespoons dulce de leche*; Garnish: confectioners sugar for dusting (optional) | INSTRUCTIONS: Melt butter in a 12-inch nonstick skillet over moderate heat until foam subsides. Add sugar and cook, stirring, until dissolved, about 1 minute. Add apple and cook, turning slices over once, until golden and just tender, 5 to 8 minutes. Whisk together eggs with a pinch of salt. Pour eggs over apple and cook over moderately low heat, lifting up cooked egg around edge occasionally with a heatproof rubber spatula to let raw egg flow underneath, until omelet is set but top is still slightly moist, about 2 minutes. Dollop crème fraîche and dulce de leche across center of omelet. Fold bottom third o <END>
INPUT: American, fajitas, parsley, cilantro, garlic, onion, hot paprika
OUTPUT: TITLE: Flank Steak Fajitas | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 bunch fresh parsley, leaves only; 1 bunch fresh cilantro, leaves only; 5 cloves garlic; 1/2 red onion, roughly chopped; 2 teaspoons hot paprika; 2 tablespoons sherry vinegar; 1/2 cup olive oil; 1 tablespoon salt; 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 2 pounds flank steak; 12 (8-inch) flour tortillas; Drunken Peppers, recipe follows; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 2 poblano peppers, seeded and cut into strips; 2 green bell peppers, seeded and cut into strips | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. To make the chimichurri: In a food processor, add parsley, cilantro, garlic, hot paprika, vinegar, 1/2 cup olive oil and salt and pepper and blend until smooth, Reserve half for drizzling on fajitas. Place remaining marinade in a resealable plastic bag and add steak. Coat well and marinate for at least 1 hour. Preheat grill to medium-high. Remove steak from marinade and discard marinade. Season steak with salt and pepper and grill over medium-high heat until cooked to medium-rare, about 6 minutes per side. Let steak rest for 10 minutes, loosely covered with alumi <END>
INPUT: caramel, peaches, lemon juice, sugar, heavy cream, vanilla ice cream
OUTPUT: TITLE: Peaches in Caramel Over Vanilla Ice Cream | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 large ripe peaches; 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice; 1/2 cup sugar; 2 tablespoons heavy cream; 1/2 pint vanilla ice cream | INSTRUCTIONS: Have ready a bowl of ice and cold water. Cut an X in blossom end of peaches. In a saucepan of boiling water blanch peaches 15 seconds and with a slotted spoon transfer to ice water to stop cooking. Peel peaches and cut each into 8 wedges. In a small bowl toss peaches with lemon juice. In an 8- to 9-inch heavy skillet cook sugar over moderately low heat, stirring slowly with a fork (to help sugar melt evenly), until melted and pale golden. Cook caramel, without stirring, swirling skillet, until deep golden, 5 to 6 minutes. Carefully add peaches and cream (mixture will vigorously steam and caram <END>
INPUT: American, laurel, chenel, artichokes, Meyer lemons, wine, water, pure olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Laurel Chenel Goat Cheese Mac n' Cheese | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 9 large artichokes; 3 Meyer lemons; 2 1/2 cups white wine; 2 1/2 cups water; 1 cup pure olive oil, plus 2 tablespoons*; 3 garlic cloves, peeled; 1 teaspoon coriander seed; 2 bay leaves; 1/2 teaspoon whole black peppercorns; 2 teaspoons sliced green garlic; 3 cups heavy cream; 6 ounces pennette; 9 ounces goat cheese; 1 teaspoon chopped fresh lemon thyme; 1 pinch lavender | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. Trim the artichokes. Using a serrated knife, cut off the top inch of each artichoke and cut off the stem to create a flat surface for the artichoke to sit on the plate. Place in a Dutch oven. Zest the Meyer lemons and set aside for the topping. Cut 2 of the lemons in half and squeeze the juice over the artichokes and place the juiced lemons in the baking dish. Add the white wine, water, 1 cup of the oil, garlic cloves, coriander, bay leaves and peppercorns. On a burner on high heat, bring the liquid to a boil. Cover and cook in the oven until tender (leaves are r <END>
INPUT: southern, frying chicken, Salt pepper, Paprika, Cayenne, flour
OUTPUT: TITLE: Southern Fried Chicken | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 whole frying chicken, cut into quarters; Salt and pepper; Paprika; Cayenne; 1 cup flour; Vegetable oil, for frying | INSTRUCTIONS: Season chicken pieces with salt, pepper, paprika, and cayenne. Roll in flour. Deep fry in large skillet until juices run clear and crust is golden brown. Drain on paper towels. <END>
INPUT: norwegian, unsalted butter, parsley leaves, anchovy paste mashed, onion, distilled vinegar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Norwegian-Style Poached Salmon with Anchovy Butter | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened; 1 1/2 tablespoons minced fresh parsley leaves; 3/4 teaspoon anchovy paste or mashed anchovy fillet; 1 onion, sliced; 1/3 cup distilled white vinegar; 1/4 cup sugar; 1/2 teaspoon black peppercorns; 1 teaspoon coriander seeds; 1/2 teaspoon mustard seeds; 1 teaspoon salt; two 1-inch-thick salmon steaks (each about 1/2 pound) | INSTRUCTIONS: In a small bowl combine well the butter, the parsley, the anchovy paste, and freshly ground black pepper to taste and reserve the anchovy butter, covered. In a saucepan combine the onion, the vinegar, the sugar, the peppercorns, the coriander seeds, the mustard seeds, the salt, and 4 cups water, bring the mixture to a boil, and simmer if for 15 minutes. Strain the mixture through a fine sieve into a deep heavy skillet just large enough to hold the salmon in one layer. Add the salmon, bring the liquid to a simmer, and poach the salmon, covered, for 8 to 10 minutes, or until it just flakes. Tran <END>
INPUT: virgin olive oil, honey, soy sauce, sugar, chili powder
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sweet and Spicy Chicken Skewers | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil; 4 tablespoons honey; 3 tablespoons and 1 3/4 teaspoons soy sauce; 2 tablespoons brown sugar; 1 teaspoon chili powder; 1/2 teaspoon garlic powder; 1 teaspoon cayenne pepper; 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 1 finely minced jalapeno pepper (optional); 6 skinless, boneless chicken breast halves, cut into 1-inch cubes; 1 gallon re-sealable bag; 2 medium onions cut into 2-inch pieces; 2 large red bell peppers cut into 2-inch pieces; Olive oil; 4 - 5 metal or wooden skewers | INSTRUCTIONS: One of Craig Morgan's favorite recipes. Developed by PBS' Barbecue America host Rick Browne. In a large bowl, whisk together the oil, honey and soy sauce. Add the brown sugar, chili powder, garlic powder, cayenne pepper, black pepper and jalapeno and whisk to mix. Place the chicken in a 1 gallon re-sealable plastic bag and pour in the marinade, refrigerate at least 2 hours (or overnight if time allows). Discard the marinade. Preheat the barbecue grill (or oven) for high heat at 450 degrees Fahrenheit. Thread the chicken, onions and roasted red peppers alternately on the skewers. Lightly oil th <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, greque, olive oil, onion, garlic, artichoke hearts, Japanese eggplants
OUTPUT: TITLE: Couscous à la Greque | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon olive oil; 1 red onion, chopped; 4 large garlic cloves, chopped; 1 9-ounce package frozen artichoke hearts, thawed; 2 Japanese eggplants, trimmed, cut into 1/2-inch pieces; 1 zucchini, cut into 1/2-inch pieces; 1 red bell pepper, cut into 1/2-inch pieces; 1 1/4 cups canned unsalted chicken broth; 1 1/4 teaspoons dried oregano, crumbled; 1/2 teaspoon dried thyme; 1 cup couscous; 3 ounces feta cheese, diced; 1 cup chopped seeded plum tomatoes; 1/3 cup chopped fresh mint | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat oil in heavy large pot or Dutch oven over high heat. Add next 6 ingredients and sauté until vegetables are just tender, about 12 minutes. Add broth, oregano and thyme and bring mixture to boil. Mix in couscous. Turn off heat; cover pot. Let stand 10 minutes. Season couscous with salt and pepper. Mix in feta cheese, chopped tomatoes and chopped mint and serve. Heat oil in heavy large pot or Dutch oven over high heat. Add next 6 ingredients and sauté until vegetables are just tender, about 12 minutes. Add broth, oregano and thyme and bring mixture to boil. Mix in couscous. Turn off heat; co <END>
INPUT: roast, female Muscovy duck, Salt pepper taste, nicoise, lavender, olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lavender Honey-Glazed Roast Duck | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 female Muscovy duck, about 3 1/2 pounds, giblets, excess fat, and 2 wing joints removed, skin pricked, patted dry; Salt and freshly ground pepper to taste; 1/2 cup nicoise (oil-cured black) olives; 2 tablespoons dried lavender; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 4 tablespoons lavender honey | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Season duck inside and out with salt and pepper. Put olives and lavender inside duck and truss or close with a skewer. Heat 1 tablespoon of olive oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat until hot. Add duck and saute on all sides until skin is golden brown. Transfer to a rack in a roasting pan. Mix 2 tablespoons of the honey with the remaining 1 tablespoon olive oil. Brush over duck and roast until juices run clear when duck is pricked deep in thigh about 45 minutes. About halfway through the roasting time, combine 1 tablespoon of pan drippings with the remaini <END>
INPUT: custards, sweet onions, unsalted butter more, thyme leaves, Kosher salt, grindings pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Onion Custards | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 pounds large sweet onions, peeled and trimmed; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter plus more for the custard cups; 1 tablespoon fresh thyme leaves, stripped from stems and finely chopped; 1 teaspoon Kosher salt; Generous grindings black pepper; 1 -- 1 1/2 cups milk; 1/2 cup heavy cream; 2 large eggs; 2 large egg yolks; 12 small sprigs fresh thyme | INSTRUCTIONS: Halve onions from top to bottom. Resting on the cut side slice thinly into half circles. Measure out 6 cups. Melt the butter in a large heavy skillet over medium heat; when foam subsides add the onions. Cover and cook, over medium low heat, until wilted, about 15 minutes. Uncover and continue cooking over medium heat, stirring often and adjusting heat so that onions brown slowly, until the onions are a dark golden brown and very tender, about 20 minutes. Stir in the chopped thyme, salt and pepper. Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Select 6 (5-ounce) custard cups; brush generously with softened butt <END>
INPUT: bars, Unsalted butter, Gluten Free Multi, eggs, granulated sugar, all purpose gluten
OUTPUT: TITLE: Gluten-Free Lemon Bars | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Unsalted butter (for pan); Gluten-Free Multi-Purpose Sweet Pastry Dough (you'll need one disc; freeze remaining disc for another use); 4 large eggs; 1 1/2 cups granulated sugar; 1/4 cup all-purpose gluten-free flour; 1 tablespoon finely grated lemon zest (from about 1 1/2 lemons); 1/2 cup fresh lemon juice (from about 4 lemons); 1/4 teaspoon kosher salt; Powdered sugar (for dusting); An 8x8x2" baking pan | INSTRUCTIONS: Position rack in center of oven; preheat to 350°F. Butter baking pan, then line with 2 layers of parchment, leaving a 2" overhang on all sides. Butter parchment. Press dough into bottom and about 3/4" up sides of prepared pan. Poke all over with a fork and chill at least 30 minutes. Bake crust until golden brown, about 25 minutes. Transfer to a wire rack and let cool. Meanwhile, whisk eggs, granulated sugar, flour, lemon zest, lemon juice, and salt in a medium bowl. Pour filling into crust and bake bar until set and slightly golden brown at the edges, about 25 minutes. Transfer pan to a wire r <END>
INPUT: Indian, spritzer, granulated sugar, water, lightly cardamom pods, strip orange zest, prosecco
OUTPUT: TITLE: Orange-Cardamom Spritzer | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup granulated sugar; 1/2 cup water; 2 teaspoons lightly crushed whole cardamom pods; 2-inch strip orange zest, removed with a vegetable peeler; 1 750-ml bottle prosecco, chilled; Cardamom syrup (recipe follows); Angostura bitters; Orange twists, for serving | INSTRUCTIONS: For the cardamom simple syrup: In a small saucepan, combine all the ingredients and bring to a simmer over medium heat. Stir until sugar is dissolved, then remove from heat. Let syrup cool to room temperature, then strain. In a small saucepan, combine all the ingredients and bring to a simmer over medium heat. Stir until sugar is dissolved, then remove from heat. Let syrup cool to room temperature, then strain. For the cocktail: Fill each glass with 1 teaspoon cardamom syrup, and add a dash of bitters. Top up with prosecco and serve garnished with an orange twist. Fill each glass with 1 teaspo <END>
INPUT: American, pasta, half half, sharp Cheddar, your favorite pimento, habeneros
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pimento and Habenero Mac and Cheese | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: One 16-ounce box pasta (your choice); 2 cups half-and-half (or 1 cup whole milk and 1 cup cream); 1 pound shredded sharp Cheddar; 1 cup your favorite pimento cheese (homemade works best); 4 medium habeneros, seeded and chopped; 2 teaspoons prepared yellow mustard; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; Cayenne pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Prepare the pasta according to the directions on the box given for al dente pasta. Drain the pasta and put back in the same pot over low heat. Add the half-and-half, half the Cheddar, the pimento cheese and habaneros. Stir until melted and creamy. Stir in the mustard, salt and pepper. Pour into a 9 by 13-inch casserole dish, top with the remaining Cheddar and sprinkle with cayenne pepper. Bake until golden brown and bubby, about 20 minutes. <END>
INPUT: semifreddo, shelled salted pistachios, sugar, egg whites, heavy cream, almond extract
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pistachio Semifreddo | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cups shelled salted pistachios (6 1/2 ounces); 1 cup sugar; 6 large egg whites; 2 cups chilled heavy cream; 1/4 teaspoon almond extract | INSTRUCTIONS: Pulse 1 cup pistachios with 1/2 cup plus 2 tablespoons sugar in a food processor until very finely ground. Add remaining 1/2 cup pistachios and pulse until just coarsely ground. Beat egg whites in a bowl with an electric mixer at medium speed until they just hold soft peaks. Beat in remaining 1/4 cup plus 2 tablespoons sugar, a little at a time, then increase speed to high and beat until meringue just holds stiff, glossy peaks. Beat cream with almond extract in a wide bowl with mixer at high speed until it just holds soft peaks. Fold meringue into cream gently but thoroughly, then fold in nut  <END>
INPUT: Asian, fillets sea bass, Sea salt, cayenne pepper, ginger, shiitakes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Steamed Sea Bass with Ginger and Shiitakes | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 4 fillets sea bass (about 6 oz each), skin removed; Sea salt; Pinch of cayenne pepper; 1/4 cup fresh ginger, cut into thin strips; 1 cup finely sliced shiitakes; 2 tbsp chopped fresh cilantro; 4 green onions, sliced diagonally; 2 tbsp regular or chile-infused sesame oil; 1/2 cup soy sauce | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring water to a boil under a metal or bamboo steamer. Sprinkle sea bass with salt, black pepper, and cayenne; place on a piece of parchment paper inside steamer. Top with ginger and shiitakes, cover and steam 15 minutes. Remove fish and place on a plate. Sprinkle cilantro and green onions on fish; drizzle with juices from parchment. In a small sauté pan, heat oil over medium heat for 1 to 2 minutes or until smoking. Pour some oil over each fillet to wilt cilantro and green onions. Drizzle plates with soy sauce. Bring water to a boil under a metal or bamboo steamer. Sprinkle sea bass with salt <END>
INPUT: bread, all purpose flour, very bananas, sour cream, vanilla extract
OUTPUT: TITLE: Our Favorite Banana Bread | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup (1 stick) unsalted butter, at room temperature, plus more for pan; 1 2/3 cups all-purpose flour, plus more for pan; 4 medium very ripe bananas (about 13 ounces), peeled and mashed; 1/4 cup sour cream; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; 1 teaspoon baking powder; 1/2 teaspoon baking soda; 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt; 1 cup (packed) dark brown sugar; 2 large eggs, at room temperature; 1/2 cup chopped toasted walnuts; A 9x5" loaf pan | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350°F. Grease a 9x5" loaf pan with butter and dust with flour, tapping out any excess. Combine banana, sour cream, and vanilla in a medium bowl. Sift together flour, baking powder, baking soda, and salt in a large bowl. Using an electric mixer, beat butter and brown sugar on medium speed in another large bowl until light and fluffy, about 3 1/2 minutes. Add eggs one at a time and beat on medium speed until fully combined, about 1 minute each. Add banana mixture and beat until just combined, about 30 seconds. Add dry ingredients in 2 batches, beating on low after each addition a <END>
INPUT: Mexican, lime juice, olive oil, chipotle Tabasco, salt, chicken thighs
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chipotle-Lime Grilled Chicken | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup fresh lime juice; 1/4 cup olive oil; 2 1/2 tablespoons chipotle Tabasco; 3/4 teaspoon salt; 6 large skinless boneless chicken thighs (2 1/2 lb total); 2 teaspoons mild honey | INSTRUCTIONS: Prepare grill for cooking over direct heat with medium-hot charcoal (moderate heat for gas). While coals are lighting, stir together lime juice, oil, Tabasco, and salt in a liquid-measuring cup. Put chicken in a large sealable bag and add 1/3 cup marinade (reserve remainder in cup). Seal bag, forcing out excess air, and marinate chicken at room temperature, about 15 minutes. Stir honey into remaining marinade until dissolved to make sauce. Grill chicken (discarding marinade in bag) on lightly oiled grill rack, covered only if using a gas grill, turning chicken over occasionally and moving it t <END>
INPUT: Indian, karahi, tomatoes, salt, chili powder, chili, cumin
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken Karahi | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 2 to 3 fresh tomatoes, diced; 1 teaspoon salt; 1/2 teaspoon chili powder; 1 green chili, finely chopped; 1 teaspoon ground cumin; 1 teaspoon turmeric; 1 pound chicken, cooked; 1 cup water; 1 1/2 teaspoons garam masala; 1/2 teaspoon dried fenugreek; 1/2 green bell pepper, chopped; 1 tablespoon finely chopped green coriander; 6 tablespoons vegetable oil; 1 onion, chopped; 2 cloves garlic, chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat oil in a large deep frying pan adding chopped onions and fry for 4 to 5 minutes on a medium heat or once the onions are slightly brown. Add the garlic and ginger and cook for a further 1 or 2 minutes. Add the tomatoes, salt, chili powder, green chili, ground cumin and turmeric. Turn up the heat and further cook for another 1 minute then put in the chicken. It is very crucial that spices are mixed within the pan at this point to ensure that the chicken cooks with texture and flavor. Add water after stirring the chicken into the spices. Turn down the heat slightly and stir in the garam masa <END>
INPUT: shots, lemons, Two envelopes unflavored, sugar, pink lemonade, cherry soda
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pink Lemonade Shots | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 large lemons; Two 1/4-ounce envelopes unflavored gelatin; 1/2 cup sugar; 3/4 cup pink lemonade; 3/4 cup cherry soda; 3/4 cup vodka | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: A melon baller Halve the lemons lengthwise and gently scrape out the pulp and white pith with a spoon or melon baller. Put the rinds in muffin tins or fit them into a pan so they can be filled without tipping over. Put 3/4 cup cold water in a small saucepan, sprinkle the gelatin evenly over the top and let it absorb the water for 2 minutes. Bring the water just to a boil and whisk until the gelatin is fully dissolved. Remove from the heat and whisk in the sugar until dissolved. Transfer the gelatin mixture to a bowl and stir in the pink lemonade, cherry soda and vodka. Spoon <END>
INPUT: carrots, creamy yogurt, garlic, lemon, nutmeg
OUTPUT: TITLE: Carrot Puree | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 large carrots; 1/2 cup creamy yogurt, drained; 3 cloves garlic, pureed with salt; 1 lemon; 1/4 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 tablespoon olive oil; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh mint, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Peel carrots and cut into 1/2-inch slices. Place in an oven-proof saucepan, cover and bake until tender, about 15 minutes. Meanwhile, in a small bowl combine the yogurt, garlic, juice from 1/2 of the lemon, nutmeg, and salt and pepper to taste. Puree the carrots in a blender or food processor until smooth, adding the remaining lemon juice and olive oil. Season with salt to taste. Spoon the carrot puree into a serving dish, and top with the yogurt sauce. Garnish with the fresh mint. <END>
INPUT: sponge, all purpose flour, baking powder, cornstarch, eggs, caster sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Passion Fruit Sponge | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 ounces all-purpose flour; 2 1/2 teaspoons baking powder; 2 tablespoons cornstarch; 4 eggs, at room temperature; 7 ounces caster sugar (superfine); 1/3 cup boiling water; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, plus more as needed; 7 ounces whipped cream; 1 cup confectioners' sugar; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted; 1 1/2 tablespoons passion fruit pulp | INSTRUCTIONS: To make the sponge: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Grease and line 2 (8-inch) cake pans with parchment. In a medium bowl, mix the flour, baking powder with the cornstarch and sift the ingredients together twice. Beat the eggs with the sugar for about 7 to 8 minutes or until the mixture is pale and thick. Gently fold the flour mixture into the beaten eggs. Mix the butter with the boiling water, and then add it to the sponge batter, stirring gently. Divide the mixture between the prepared cake pans, and bake for 20 minutes or until the cakes are golden brown and separating from the tins. Rem <END>
INPUT: gratin, olive oil, leeks, cubes assorted mushrooms, garlic, Yukon Gold potatoes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Potato Gratin with Mushrooms and Gruyère | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup olive oil; 4 cups finely chopped leeks (white and pale green parts only; about 3 large); 1 1/2 pounds 1/2-inch cubes assorted mushrooms (such as crimini and stemmed shiitake; about 10 cups); 2 garlic cloves, minced; 3 pounds Yukon Gold potatoes, peeled, cut into 1/8-inch-thick slices; 2 cups heavy whipping cream; 1 teaspoon (or more) salt; 1/2 teaspoon (or more) freshly ground black pepper; 1 cup coarsely grated Gruyère cheese | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat 1/4 cup oil in large skillet over medium-high heat. Add leeks; sauté until soft and lightly browned, 10 to 12 minutes. Add mushrooms, sprinkle with salt and pepper, and sauté until soft and liquid evaporates, 7 to 8 minutes. Add garlic; sauté 1 minute. Season with salt and pepper. Set aside. DO AHEAD: Can be made 4 hours ahead. Let stand at room temperature. Preheat oven to 375°F. Pat potato slices dry with kitchen towel. Combine cream, 1 teaspoon salt, and 1/2 teaspoon pepper in large pot. Add potatoes. Bring to boil; reduce heat to medium and simmer, covered, 10 minutes, stirring occasi <END>
INPUT: Italian, olive oil, garlic, broccoli florets, fettuccine, Mornay sauce
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fettuccine with Broccoli | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 4 ounces olive oil; 12 cloves garlic, peeled and coarsely minced; 1 pound broccoli florets, washed and blanched; 2 pounds fresh fettuccine, cooked al dente in boiling, salted water, rinsed and drained, recipe follows; 12 ounces store-bought Mornay sauce; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 5 ounces freshly grated Romano; 12 ounces semolina flour; 12 ounces bread flour; 1 tablespoons salt; 8 ounces water, as needed; 2 eggs | INSTRUCTIONS: In a saute pan, heat oil and saute garlic. Add broccoli and toss together. Add pasta to garlic and broccoli. Add Mornay sauce, season, to taste, and heat throughout. Serve immediately garnished with cheese. Mix dry ingredients in a mixer. Slowly add water and eggs. Mix for 10 minutes; the dough should be crumbly. Extrude pasta as desired. Yield: 2 pounds (approximately 10 servings) <END>
INPUT: American, casserole, Court bouillion, carrot, leek julliened, sweet butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lobster Casserole | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 (2 pound) lobster; Court bouillion; 1 carrot, julliened; 1 leek julliened; 1 pound sweet butter; 1 small Spanish onion, chopped fine; 1 stalk of celery, chopped fine; 1 small carrot, chopped fine; 1 bay leaf; 1 sprig thyme; 4 ounces lobster stock; 6 ounces Long Island Merlot; 4 ounces red wine vinegar; Salt; Cayenne pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring court bouillion, carrot and leek to a boil then let simmer. Cook lobster in simmering bouillion for 3 minutes then cool in a bowl of ice water. Remove from the water when cool. Dry off lobster and proceed to remove all the meat from the shell (reserve the body meat and shell for the stock). In a saucepan, combine 2 ounces of whole butter, the chopped vegetables, the chopped lobster shells, 1 bay leaf, and 1 sprig of thyme. Cook until vegetables are soft, cover with water, then simmer until desired flavor and vegetables are tender. Strain stock and reserve 4 ounces. In a clean sauce pan a <END>
INPUT: Italian, baguette, Olive oil, Salt pepper, littleneck clams, Calabrian chiles
OUTPUT: TITLE: Angel Hair Pasta with Clams | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 baguette; Olive oil; Salt and pepper; 12 littleneck clams, scrubbed and soaked; 1/4 cup Calabrian chiles, chopped; 2 cloves garlic, minced; 1/2 medium onion, chopped; 4 sprigs thyme; 1 cup white wine; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 tablespoon unsalted butter; 1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil; 1 to 2 tablespoons cream; 4 ounces Angel hair pasta, cooked; Chopped fresh flat-leaf parsley, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: For the toasted breadcrumbs: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Cut the baguette into large cubes. Add to a food processor and pulse until processed into crumbs. Spread the crumbs out on a baking sheet and toss with some olive oil, salt and pepper. Transfer to the oven and toast until golden brown, stirring as needed to evenly brown, 5 to 10 minutes. For the clams: Add the clams, 2 tablespoons of the chopped Calabrian chiles, garlic, onion, two of the thyme sprigs, white wine, 1 cup water and some kosher salt to a saucepan. Cover with a lid, bring to a boil, and cook just until the clams open, <END>
INPUT: Italian, Canola oil, marinara sauce, vodka, heavy cream, Big Daddy's Ravioli
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fried Ravioli with Vodka Sauce | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: Canola oil; 2 cups marinara sauce; 1/2 cup vodka; 1/4 cup heavy cream; 1 recipe Big Daddy's Ravioli, recipe follows; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 3 tablespoons olive oil; 2 cloves garlic, chopped; 1 pound ground meatloaf mix (veal, pork and beef); 16 ounces your favorite marinara sauce; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 cup part-skim ricotta; 3 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley; 1/2 cup frozen peas; Nonstick cooking spray | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oil to 375 degrees F. To a large frying pan over medium-high heat, add enough canola oil to reach a depth of 2 inches. In a medium saucepan over medium-low heat, add the marinara sauce, vodka and heavy cream. Stir to combine and season with salt and pepper. Reduce the heat to a simmer. When the oil is hot, fry the ravioli in small batches, turning occasionally with a wooden spoon. After the ravioli are golden brown, about 3 minutes, use a slotted spoon to transfer them to a paper towel-lined plate. Repeat with the remaining ravioli. Serve the ravioli with the vodka dipping sauce as <END>
INPUT: Italian, garlic, Kosher salt, wine vinegar, olive oil, assorted tomatoes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Bread with Ricotta & Tomatoes | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 garlic clove; Kosher salt; 1 tablespoon red wine vinegar; 6 tablespoons olive oil, divided; 3/4 pound assorted small tomatoes (such as cherry, Sun Gold, or green), halved, quartered if large; Freshly ground black pepper; 8 3/4"-thick slices country-style bread; 1 cup (loosely packed) coarsely chopped mixed tender herbs (such as basil, parsley, small dill sprigs, and/or chives); 10 ounces whole-milk ricotta | INSTRUCTIONS: Finely chop garlic, sprinkle with a pinch of salt, then mash with the side of knife to a fine paste. Transfer to a medium bowl and whisk in vinegar and 2 tablespoons oil. Add tomatoes; season with salt and pepper and toss to coat. Let sit, tossing occasionally, at least 15 minutes. Meanwhile, prepare grill for mediumhigh heat. Brush both sides of bread with remaining 4 tablespoons oil and grill until lightly charred, about 2 minutes per side. Just before serving, toss herbs with tomato mixture. Spread ricotta on toast and top with tomato mixture; cut toast in half. Do ahead: Tomato mixture (wi <END>
INPUT: Italian, tart, all purpose flour, sugar, pine nuts, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Creamy Ricotta Tart with Pine Nuts | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cups plus 2 tablespoons all-purpose flour; 4 tablespoons sugar; 1 1/2 cups pine nuts (about 5 ounces), toasted; Pinch salt; 1 stick (4 ounces) unsalted butter, melted and cooled slightly; 1/2 cup water; 1 cup ricotta cheese; 6 ounces cream cheese, at room temperature; 2 large eggs; 3 large egg yolks | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. In the bowl of a food processor, pulse flour, 2 tablespoons of sugar, 3/4 cup of pine nuts, and salt until finely ground. Add the butter. Pulse dough just until it comes together. Place the dough into an 11-inch diameter tart pan with a removable bottom and press down to cover the bottom and sides of the pan. Refrigerate until the dough is firm, about 30 minutes. Line the tart shell with aluminum foil and fill with pie weights or dried beans. Bake the tart shell in the lower third of the oven until just set, about 25 minutes. Carefully remove the foil and pie <END>
INPUT: American, salad greens, cherries, pecan halves, cheese chunks, apples
OUTPUT: TITLE: Apple, Pecan and Blue Cheese Salad | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 12 ounces salad greens (spring mix); 1/2 cup dried cherries; 1/2 cup pecan halves; 6 ounces blue cheese chunks; 2 whole apples, cored and sliced very thin; 1/4 cup olive oil; 1 tablespoon (heaping) Dijon; 1 tablespoon maple syrup; 1 teaspoon apple cider vinegar (or more to taste); Salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Add the greens, cherries, pecans, cheese and apples into a large salad bowl. Mix the olive oil, Dijon, maple syrup and vinegar in a small jar and sprinkle with and salt and pepper. Put the lid on the jar and shake well to mix. Pour a little of the salad dressing over the top of the salad and toss to combine. Taste the salad and add more dressing to taste. <END>
INPUT: shortcakes, all purpose flour, double acting baking, baking soda, salt, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken and Dill Fricassée with Sour Cream Shortcakes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 3/4 cups all-purpose flour; 2 teaspoons double-acting baking powder; 1/2 teaspoon baking soda; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/2 teaspoon sugar; 2 tablespoons finely chopped dill; 4 tablespoons cold vegetable shortening; 2/3 cup sour cream; 1/4 cup milk; 1/4 pound mushrooms, sliced; 1/2 stick (1/4 cup) unsalted butter; 3 tablespoons minced shallot; 1/4 cup all-purpose flour; 3 cups chicken broth; 3/4 cup heavy cream | INSTRUCTIONS: Make the shortcake biscuits Into a bowl sift together the flour, the baking powder, the baking soda, the salt, and the sugar. add the dill and the shortening, and blend the mixture until it resembles meal. Stir in the sour cream and the milk and stir the mixture until it just forms a soft but sticky dough. On a floured surface roll or pat out the dough 1/2 inch thick and with a 3 1/2-inch cookie cutter cut out 6 rounds. Bake the rounds on an ungreased baking sheet in the middle of a preheated 425°F. oven for 15 to 17 minutes, or until they are golden. Into a bowl sift together the flour, the b <END>
INPUT: Italian, flan, parmesan, eggs yolks, half half, Parmigiano Reggiano, sage leaves sage
OUTPUT: TITLE: Butternut Squash Flan with Parmesan Sage Sauce | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 (2 1/2 pound) butternut squash, halved lengthwise and seeded; 4 large eggs plus 2 yolks; 2 cups half-and-half; 1 1/8 ounce finely grated Parmigiano-Reggiano (1/2 cup plus 2 tablespoons); 4 large fresh sage leaves plus 2 teaspoons finely chopped sage; Special equipment: a candy or instant-read thermometer; Garnish: fresh sage leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: Put oven rack in middle position and preheat oven to 400°F. Roast squash, cut sides down, in a lightly oiled shallow baking pan until neck is tender, about 1 hour. Remove from oven and reduce oven temperature to 325°F. Cool squash to warm. Butter an 8- by 2-inch round cake pan. Line bottom with a round of parchment or wax paper and butter paper. Scoop flesh from squash, discarding skin, and purée in a food processor until smooth, about 45 seconds. Put 2 cups purée in a bowl, then whisk in whole eggs, 1 cup half-and-half, 2 tablespoons cheese, 1 1/4 teaspoons salt, and 1/2 teaspoon black pepper <END>
INPUT: Mexican, spinach, heavy cream, sour cream, cilantro, kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: CILANTRO CREAM | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2 ounces spinach; 1 cup heavy cream; 4 cups sour cream; 2 1/2 ounces cilantro; 2 tablespoons kosher salt; 1 tablespoon L.A. spice; 2 limes, juiced | INSTRUCTIONS: Blanch and shock spinach. Squeeze out all water from spinach. Place spinach, cream, sour cream and cilantro in a food processor. Puree until smooth. Season with salt, L.A spice and lime juice.; <END>
INPUT: arroz, long grain rice, water, light coconut milk, sugar, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Arroz con Coco: Coconut Rice | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups long-grain white rice; 2 cups water; 1 can light coconut milk; 1 tablespoon plus 1 1/2 teaspoons sugar; 1 teaspoon salt; 1/2 cup raisins; 1/2 cup toasted coconut flakes | INSTRUCTIONS: Place the rice, 2 cups of water, the coconut milk, sugar and the salt in a medium saucepan and stir to combine. Bring the rice to a boil, then reduce the heat to medium-low and simmer until the water has evaporated to just below the level of the rice and little holes begin to form on the surface, stirring occasionally so that the rice doesn't stick to the bottom of the pan and burn. Reduce the heat to the lowest setting, cover the saucepan and continue to cook until the rice is tender, 20 to 25 minutes. Fluff the rice with a fork and stir in the raisins. Cover the saucepan and let it sit off o <END>
INPUT: Italian, pasta, grain penne, escarole, virgin olive oil, capers, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Whole-Grain Pasta with Chickpeas and Escarole | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups whole-grain penne; 1 head escarole, roughly chopped; 4 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, plus more to taste; 1/4 cup capers, drained and patted dry (optional); 5 cloves garlic, sliced; 1/2 cup roughly chopped fresh parsley; 1/4 teaspoon red pepper flakes; 1 28 -ounce can whole peeled tomatoes, crushed slightly, liquid reserved; 1 15 .5-ounce can chickpeas, drained, rinsed and patted dry; Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper; 2 bay leaves; 1/2 cup freshly grated parmesan cheese, plus more for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook the pasta according to the package directions; add the escarole during the last 2 minutes, cover and do not stir. Remove the escarole with tongs; set aside. Drain the pasta, reserving 1/2 cup cooking liquid. Meanwhile, if you're using capers, heat 1 tablespoon olive oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Add the capers and fry until crisp, about 2 minutes. Transfer to a paper-towel-lined plate. Add the remaining 3 tablespoons oil to the skillet. Cook the garlic, parsley and red pepper flakes until the garlic toasts slightly, 1 minute. Add the tomatoes, chickpeas, a pinch of salt an <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, salad, Sherry wine vinegar, shallot, Dijon mustard, olive oil, butter lettuce Boston
OUTPUT: TITLE: Butter Lettuce, Persimmon, Feta, and Hazelnut Salad | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons Sherry wine vinegar; 1 tablespoon minced shallot; 1 1/2 teaspoons Dijon mustard; 1/3 cup olive oil; 1 large head of butter lettuce or Boston lettuce, torn into bite-size pieces; 3 medium-size firm but ripe Fuyu persimmons, peeled, halved, sliced; 1/2 cup crumbled feta cheese; 1/4 cup chopped toasted hazelnuts | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine vinegar, shallot, and mustard in small bowl. Gradually whisk in oil. Season dressing with salt and pepper. Place lettuce in large bowl; toss with dressing. Gently toss in persimmons, cheese, and nuts. Season salad to taste with salt and pepper. Combine vinegar, shallot, and mustard in small bowl. Gradually whisk in oil. Season dressing with salt and pepper. Place lettuce in large bowl; toss with dressing. Gently toss in persimmons, cheese, and nuts. Season salad to taste with salt and pepper. <END>
INPUT: Italian, kids, make, romaine lettuce, whipped cream cheese, baby spinach leaves, basil leaves, Kosher salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Kids Can Make: Roasted Turkey and Basil Cream Cheese Pinwheel Sandwiches | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 large head romaine lettuce; 4 ounces whipped cream cheese; 1 cup baby spinach leaves, loosely packed; 8 large fresh basil leaves; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; Four 10-inch flour tortillas; 8 slices oven-roasted deli turkey (about 8 ounces); 1 whole roasted pepper from a jar, sliced into 1/4-inch strips (about 1/2 cup); 1 cup shredded carrots | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: Toothpicks Pull the largest four romaine leaves from the outside of the bunch and wash and dry carefully, trying not to tear the leaves. Cut the leaves at the base where they were connected to the root; the pieces should be about 9-inches long. Using a vegetable peeler, shave the center rib so the leaves roll up more easily. Set aside. Combine the cream cheese, spinach and basil in a food processor and puree until smooth. Season with 1/4 teaspoon kosher salt and a few grinds of pepper. Lay one of the tortillas on a clean work surface and add one of the romaine leaves to fit  <END>
INPUT: Indian, pancake, egg, chick pea flour, milk, cumin, chick pea puree
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chick Pea Pancake | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 1 egg; 2 cups chick pea flour; 1 cup milk; 1 tablespoon ground cumin; 4 ounces chick pea puree; 4 ounces olive oil; 2 teaspoons chopped parsley; 2 teaspoons chopped fresh coriander; 8 ounces pure olive oil; 4 teaspoons currants | INSTRUCTIONS: Mix egg, flour, milk, cumin and chick pea puree to a smooth batter. Adjust viscosity with additional milk or flour. Add virgin olive oil, parsley and coriander and whisk well. Preheat non-stick pans and place 3 inch pastry ring in each pan. Pour 1 ounce olive oil in each ring and proceed to make pancakes 1/4 inch thick. Sprinkle currants on bubbling side and turn when brown. Brown evenly on both sides. <END>
INPUT: American, soup, dumplings, eggplant, unsalted butter, onion, fennel bulb, russet potato
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Eggplant Soup with Goat Cheese Dumplings | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 3 pounds eggplant (about 2 large), halved lengthwise; 3 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1 large onion, chopped; 1 fennel bulb, trimmed, chopped; 1 small russet potato, peeled, chopped; 1 leek (white and pale green parts), sliced; 2 garlic cloves, minced; 1 1/2 teaspoons dried oregano; 1/2 cup dry white wine; 7 1/2 cups (or more) chicken stock or canned low-salt chicken broth; 1/2 cup whipping cream; 1 tablespoon olive oil; 3 shallots, chopped; 1/2 cup (packed) soft fresh goat cheese (such as Montrachet), crumbled; 1/2 cup chopped seeded plum tomatoes | INSTRUCTIONS: For soup: Preheat oven to 375°F. Place eggplant cut side down on oiled rimmed baking sheet. Bake until very tender, about 1 hour. Cool. Melt butter in heavy large pot over medium heat. Add onion, fennel, potato, leek, garlic and oregano; sauté 10 minutes. Add wine; cook 2 minutes. Add 7 1/2 cups stock; simmer until vegetables are tender, 15 minutes. Scoop out eggplant flesh; discard skins. Add eggplant to soup. Simmer 10 minutes. Working in batches, puree soup in blender. Return soup to pot. Mix in cream. Season with salt and pepper. (Can be made 1 day ahead; cool slightly. Cover; chill.) Preh <END>
INPUT: sauce, four fully trimmed, veal demiglace, water, Dijon mustard, bottled horseradish
OUTPUT: TITLE: Poached Filets Mignons with Horseradish Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: four 4-ounce fully trimmed center-cut filets mignons; 1 cup veal demiglace; 1 cup water; 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard; 2 tablespoons bottled horseradish; Accompaniment: Butternut Squash, Turnip, and Green-BeanQuinoa | INSTRUCTIONS: Season filets with salt and pepper. In a 2-quart saucepan heat demiglace and water just to a simmer and add steak. Add some boiling water to mixture if necessary to make enough liquid to just cover steak. Poach steak at a bare simmer (meat will toughen if liquid is allowed to boil), without turning, 8 minutes and remove from broth. Boil broth over high heat until reduced to about 1/2 cup and stir in mustard and horseradish. Keep sauce warm over low heat and halve steaks horizontally. Season filets with salt and pepper. In a 2-quart saucepan heat demiglace and water just to a simmer and add ste <END>
INPUT: Asian, soup, chive, onion, garlic, canola oil, ginger
OUTPUT: TITLE: Hot and Sour Pumpkin Soup with Chive Cream | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1 large onion, peeled and diced large; 1 tablespoon chopped garlic; 2 tablespoons canola oil; 1 tablespoon chopped ginger; 1 (2 to 3 pounds) pumpkin, peeled, seeded and cut into large cubes; 1 cup white wine; 2 quarts chicken stock; 8 stalks lemongrass, white part only, chopped roughly (may substitute with zest of 2 lemons); 5 kaffir lime leaves, optional; 5 Thai bird chiles (may substitute with 2 jalapenos); 1/2 cup fish sauce; 1/2 cup fresh lime juice; 1 tablespoon sugar; Salt and pepper; 1/2 cup sour cream | INSTRUCTIONS: In a medium stockpot coat with 1 tablespoon oil, sweat the onion, garlic, and ginger until the onions are translucent. Add the pumpkin and wine and simmer until the wine is reduced by half. Add the chicken stock and bring to a simmer, continue cooking for about 20 minutes until the pumpkin is tender. In a hot saute pan coated with 1 tablespoon oil, sear the lemon grass and Thai bird chiles until lightly browned, remove from heat. When the pumpkin is tender, puree smooth using a hand blender or a blender and return to a simmer. Add the sauteed lemon grass, chilies, sugar, kaffir lime leaves (op <END>
INPUT: long beef short, Coarse kosher salt, wine, tomatoes juice, button mushrooms
OUTPUT: TITLE: Braised Short Ribs | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 1/2 pounds 3-inch-long beef short ribs; Coarse kosher salt; 2 cups dry red wine; 1 14.5-ounce can diced tomatoes in juice; 1 6-ounce package sliced button mushrooms; 1/2 cup finely chopped onion; 6 garlic cloves, peeled; 6 fresh Italian parsley sprigs; 2 bay leaves; Crusty bread | INSTRUCTIONS: Sprinkle ribs with coarse salt and pepper. Place in even layer in slow cooker. Add next 7 ingredients, cover, and cook on low heat until meat is tender, about 8 hours. Using slotted spoon, transfer ribs to serving bowl. Discard parsley and bay leaves. Spoon fat off top of sauce and pour sauce over ribs. Serve with bread. Sprinkle ribs with coarse salt and pepper. Place in even layer in slow cooker. Add next 7 ingredients, cover, and cook on low heat until meat is tender, about 8 hours. Using slotted spoon, transfer ribs to serving bowl. Discard parsley and bay leaves. Spoon fat off top of sauc <END>
INPUT: Mexican, Kosher salt, shelled butter beans, unsalted butter, Juice limes, loosely mint leaves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Butter Beans with Butter, Mint, and Lime | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: Kosher salt; 6 cups fresh shelled butter beans or frozen baby lima beans; 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, cut into small pieces; Juice of 2 large limes; 1 cup loosely packed mint leaves, chopped; Freshly ground black pepper; 1 teaspoon grated lime zest, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: In a medium saucepan, bring 6 cups water and 1 tablespoon salt to a boil over high heat. Add butter beans and cook until tender, 9-12 minutes, depending on the size of the beans. Drain in a colander; shake colander several times to shed as much water as possible. Put butter in a large serving bowl, and pour warm butter beans on top. Toss beans with butter until all the butter is melted. Add lime juice and toss again to distribute. Fold in mint, season with salt and pepper, and scatter lime zest over the top. Serve immediately. In a medium saucepan, bring 6 cups water and 1 tablespoon salt to a <END>
INPUT: Japanese eggplants, olive oil, kosher salt, pepper, shrimp
OUTPUT: TITLE: Japanese Eggplants with Sriracha Shrimp | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 small Japanese eggplants (about 6 inches); 1 teaspoon olive oil; 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt; Freshly ground black pepper; 1 pound shrimp (21 to 25 count) cleaned, deveined and diced; 1/3 cup rice vinegar; 1 tablespoon agave syrup; 1/2 cup seeded and 1/4-inch diced red bell pepper; 1/4 cup diced snow peas; 3/4 cup mayonnaise; 2 teaspoons Sriracha hot chili sauce; 1 teaspoon sweet chili sauce; 1 lime, zested and juiced | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Wash and dry the eggplant, then cut lengthwise in half. With a paring knife, slightly core out some of the seeded area. Drizzle with olive oil. Season with salt and pepper and put on a baking sheet. Bake for 15 minutes. While the eggplants are baking, combine the shrimp with the rice vinegar, agave, red bell peppers and snow peas in a large bowl. Set aside. In a small bowl, combine the mayonnaise, Sriracha, sweet chili sauce, lime zest and lime juice. Set aside. After the eggplants have roasted, carefully fill them with the shri <END>
INPUT: Indian, hammered, Kosher salt, coriander seeds, skin chicken breasts, cauliflower, virgin olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Coriander Chicken with Hammered Cauliflower | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: Kosher salt; 2 tablespoons coriander seeds; 4 bone-in skin-on chicken breasts; 1 head cauliflower, cut into bite-size florets; Extra-virgin olive oil; 3 celery stalks, thinly sliced on the bias; 2 cloves garlic, smashed and finely chopped; 2 Spanish onions, thinly sliced; 1 cup dry white wine; 1/4 cup honey; 1/4 cup sherry vinegar; 1/4 cup pine nuts; 1/4 cup golden raisins; 2 bay leaves; 2 cups chicken stock | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring a medium pan of well-salted water to a boil. Toss the coriander seeds into a small dry saute pan and place on medium heat. Toast until the seeds turn slightly yellow and become very aromatic. In a spice grinder or using a mortar and pestle, grind the coriander seeds to a powder. Sprinkle the chicken generously with salt and ground coriander. Toss the cauliflower florets into the boiling water and cook until the cauliflower starts to soften but is not mushy, 3 to 4 minutes. Strain and reserve. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Coat a large saute pan with olive oil and bring to a medium-h <END>
INPUT: caramel, heavy whipping cream, dark roast coffee, sugar, water, half half
OUTPUT: TITLE: Coffee-Caramel Crème Brûlée | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups heavy whipping cream, divided; 1/4 cup dark-roast coffee beans (such as French roast; about 3/4 ounce), crushed with mallet in plastic bag; 1 cup sugar, divided; 1/2 cup water; 2 cups half and half; 8 large egg yolks; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 8 teaspoons raw sugar* | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring 1 cup cream and coffee beans to simmer in heavy small saucepan. Remove from heat; cover and let steep at least 20 minutes and up to 1 hour. Preheat oven to 325°F. Stir 2/3 cup sugar and 1/2 cup water in heavy medium saucepan over low heat until sugar dissolves. Increase heat to medium-high and bring to boil, brushing down sides of pan with wet pastry brush. Boil without stirring until syrup is deep amber, swirling pan occasionally, about 11 minutes. Remove pan from heat. Add remaining 1 cup whipping cream (mixture will bubble up). Stir over low heat until caramel is smooth. Stir in half  <END>
INPUT: Italian, malfatti, brown, Swiss chard, kosher salt more, milk ricotta, egg yolks
OUTPUT: TITLE: Swiss Chard Malfatti with Sage Brown Butter | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 6 bunches Swiss chard, center ribs and stems removed (about 2 1/2 pounds), or two 10-ounce packages frozen chopped spinach, thawed; 2 teaspoons kosher salt plus more; 1/2 cup (1 stick) unsalted butter, divided; 1 1/4 cups whole-milk ricotta, drained; 4-5 large egg yolks; 1 large egg; 1/4 cup all-purpose flour plus more; 12 sage leaves, thinly sliced; Freshly ground black pepper; Finely grated Parmesan; Special equipment: Cheesecloth | INSTRUCTIONS: If using Swiss chard, fill a large bowl with ice water. Cook chard in a large pot of boiling salted water until tender but still bright green, about 4 minutes. Using tongs, transfer to ice water; let sit until cold. Squeeze chard dry. Transfer to a large double layer of cheesecloth; gather ends and squeeze to thoroughly wring out liquid (be sure to use cheesecloth; the chard will stain a kitchen towel). Pulse chard in a food processor until minced, about 30 seconds. Return chard to cheesecloth; wring out again to remove any remaining liquid. (If using spinach, squeeze dry with your hands.) Tra <END>
INPUT: American, sun tomatoes, basil, pine nuts
OUTPUT: TITLE: Goat Cheese Sun-Dried Tomato and Pine Nuts | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup (4 ounces) mild goat cheese; 2 tablespoons sun-dried tomatoes; 1 tablespoon basil, minced; 1 cup pine nuts, toasted lightly and cooled | INSTRUCTIONS: In a bowl mash together the goat cheese, the sun-dried tomatoes and the basil. Form level tablespoons of the mixture into balls. (If the mixture is too soft to form, chill it for 10 minutes.) Coat the balls with the pine nuts, pressing the nuts into the mixture, and chill them for 20 minutes.; <END>
INPUT: Mexican, slabs baby back, Mexican oregano, corn oil, chipotle chiles, ancho chiles
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Pork Ribs with Tamarind Recado | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2 slabs baby back pork ribs (about 1 pound each); 1/4 cup dried Mexican oregano*; 1/4 cup corn oil; 5 dried chipotle chiles*, stemmed, seeded, and deveined (wear rubber gloves); 5 ancho chiles*, seeded and deveined (wear rubber gloves); 25 garli cloves; 1 1/2 cups coarse salt; 1 1/2 cups Tamarind Recado; available at Mexican markets and some specialty produce markets; Accompaniment: Charred Tomato Mint Salsa | INSTRUCTIONS: Rub ribs with chipotle rub and put in large sealable plastic bags or a shallow baking dish large enough to hold ribs in one layer. (Marinate ribs, covered and chilled, at least 12 hours and up to 1 day.) Add recado to ribs, turning them to coat well. (Marinate ribs, covered and chilled, at least 12 hours and up to 1 day.) Prepare grill. Remove ribs from marinade, letting excess marinade drip off, and reserve excess marinade. Grill ribs, bone sides down, on an oiled rack set 5 to 6 inches over glowing coals, covered, until marinade sets and dries slightly, 10 to 15 minutes. Turn ribs and baste  <END>
INPUT: rillettes, water, salmon fillet, smoked salmon, shallots
OUTPUT: TITLE: Salmon Rillettes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 cups water; 1 pound skinless fresh salmon fillet; 1 pound smoked salmon, chopped fine; 1/2 cup (1 stick) unsalted butter, softened; 3 shallots, minced; 1/3 cup chopped fresh parsley leaves; 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 2 teaspoons Dijon mustard; 2 teaspoons drained capers; 2 teaspoons Cognac or other brandy; 2 teaspoons freshly grated lemon zest; whole-wheat French or Italian bread, sliced as an accompaniment | INSTRUCTIONS: In a skillet bring water to a boil and add fresh salmon. Reduce heat and poach salmon at a bare simmer, turning once, about 4 minutes, or until just cooked through. Transfer salmon to a bowl and cool. Flake fresh salmon and add smoked salmon, butter, shallots, parsley, lemon juice, mustard, capers, Cognac or other brandy, zest, and salt and pepper to taste. Stir mixture until combined well and pack into a 1-quart terrine or bowl. Rillettes may be made 4 hours ahead and kept chilled, covered. In a skillet bring water to a boil and add fresh salmon. Reduce heat and poach salmon at a bare simmer, <END>
INPUT: cookies, pecans, flour, superfine sugar, sweet butter, egg yolk
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pecan Butter Cookies | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 cup pecans; 1/2 cup flour; 1/3 cup superfine sugar; 8 tablespoons softened sweet butter; 1 egg yolk; Pinch salt; 32 pecan halves | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees. Butter 2 cookie sheets and set aside. Roast 3/4 cup of pecans in oven for 10 minutes or until they emit a good aroma. Remove from oven and cool to room temperature. When cooled, chop pecans with sugar in a food processor until finely ground. Add flour, butter, egg yolk and salt. If dough is too soft, add up to 1/4 cup more flour; otherwise work dough with your hands. Gather dough into a 1 1/2 inch round sausage, wrap in waxed paper and rest in fridge for 2 hours or overnight. Cut into 1/4inch rounds and set on baking sheet. Press a pecan half in center. Don't p <END>
INPUT: Asian, scramble, Yukon gold potato, virgin olive oil, scallions, garlic, chili powder
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tofu-Potato Scramble | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1 large Yukon gold potato, peeled and cut into 1/2-inch pieces; 1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil; 1 bunch scallions, thinly sliced; 2 cloves garlic, chopped; 2 teaspoons chili powder; 2 bell peppers (1 red, 1 green), chopped; Kosher salt; 1 14-ounce block firm tofu, drained and crumbled; 4 8-inch whole-wheat tortillas; 1/4 cup shredded part-skim mozzarella; 1 cup cherry tomatoes, halved; 1 cup shredded lettuce | INSTRUCTIONS: Put the potato pieces in a large skillet and cover with water. Bring to a boil, then reduce the heat to medium and simmer 3 minutes. Pour out all but about 1 tablespoon of the water. Add the olive oil, scallions, garlic and chili powder to the skillet and cook, stirring, 2 minutes. Add the bell peppers and 1/2 teaspoon salt and cook, stirring occasionally, until the potatoes and peppers are tender, 5 to 7 more minutes. Add the tofu and 2 tablespoons water and cook until the tofu is heated through, about 3 more minutes. Season with salt. Warm the tortillas in a skillet or in the microwave. Divi <END>
INPUT: sorbet, honey, buttermilk, light corn syrup, pink grapefruit, Vegetable oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Buttermilk and Honey Sorbet in Grapefruit Cups | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 5 tablespoons honey; 1 3/4 cups buttermilk; 3 tablespoons light corn syrup; 2 pink grapefruit, halved crosswise; Vegetable oil (for frying); 4 fresh mint sprigs; 4 fresh sage sprigs; 2 tablespoons sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: For Sorbet: Stir in honey in medium saucepan over low heat until warm. Remove honey from heat. Whisk in buttermilk and corn syrup. Refrigerate buttermilk mixture until cold. Transfer buttermilk mixture to ice cream maker and process according to manufacturer's instructions. Transfer sorbet to covered container and freeze. (Can be prepared 3 days ahead. Keep frozen.) Stir in honey in medium saucepan over low heat until warm. Remove honey from heat. Whisk in buttermilk and corn syrup. Refrigerate buttermilk mixture until cold. Transfer buttermilk mixture to ice cream maker and process according  <END>
INPUT: Italian, asparagus, spaghetti, olive oil, garlic, Salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spaghetti with Asparagus, Smoked Mozzarella and Prosciutto | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 2 pounds asparagus, trimmed; 3/4 pound spaghetti; 4 tablespoons olive oil; 4 garlic cloves, minced; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 6 ounces thinly sliced prosciutto, cut crosswise into strips; 6 ounces smoked mozzarella cheese, diced (about 1 cup); 6 tablespoons thinly sliced fresh basil leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook the asparagus in a large pot of boiling salted water until crisp tender, about 2 to 3 minutes. With a spider or slotted spoon, remove asparagus from boiling water to a bowl of ice water to cool and stop the cooking. When cool, strain, cut asparagus into 1-inch pieces, and set aside. Return the water in the pot to a boil, adding additional water, if necessary. Add the pasta and cook until al dente, tender but still firm to the bite, about 8 minutes. Drain the pasta, reserving 1 cup of the cooking liquid. Heat the oil in a heavy large skillet over medium heat. Add the garlic and saute until <END>
INPUT: butternut squash, kosher salt table, turmeric, ginger, golden raisins
OUTPUT: TITLE: Butternut, Arugula and Pine Nut Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 butternut squash, approximately 2 1/4 pounds; 1 teaspoon kosher salt or 1/2 teaspoon table salt; 1 teaspoon ground turmeric; 1 teaspoon ground ginger; 1/3 cup golden raisins; 1/4 cup water, from a freshly boiled kettle; 1 teaspoon sherry vinegar; 4 ounces (about 3 cups) arugula and other salad leaves; 1/3 cup pine nuts, toasted | INSTRUCTIONS: 2 tablespoons cold-pressed canola oil or olive oil, plus 2 tablespoons for dressing; 1. Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Don't bother to peel, but halve and seed the butternut squash, cut into 1/2-inch-thick slices, then cut each slice into four. 2. Put the butternut pieces in a bowl with the salt, spices and 2 tablespoons oil and smoosh them about, then tip onto a lipped baking sheet (lined with aluminum foil). Don't clean the bowl yet. 3. Cook the squash for 30 to 40 minutes. Check to see if it is cooked through by the time the half hour's up by piercing with a fork; some squashes cook fas <END>
INPUT: Mexican, virgin olive oil, chicken wings, paprika, curry powder, cumin
OUTPUT: TITLE: Honey-Glazed Chicken Wings With Snow Peas | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2 teaspoons extra-virgin olive oil, plus more for brushing; 3 pounds chicken wings, split at the joints, tips removed; 2 teaspoons paprika; 1 teaspoon curry powder; 1/2 teaspoon ground cumin; Kosher salt; 12 ounces snow peas, sliced lengthwise; 1 1/2 tablespoons soy sauce; 1 lime (1/2 juiced, 1/2 cut into wedges); 2 tablespoons honey | INSTRUCTIONS: Position racks in the upper and lower thirds of the oven and preheat to 425 degrees F. Lightly brush 2 rimmed baking sheets with olive oil. Put the chicken wings in a large bowl and toss with the paprika, curry powder, cumin and 1/2 teaspoon salt. Spread the wings in a single layer on the prepared baking sheets. Roast 15 minutes, then flip the wings, switch the position of the baking sheets and roast 15 more minutes. Meanwhile, bring a saucepan of lightly salted water to a boil. Add the snow peas and cook until bright green and crisp-tender, about 1 minute. Drain the snow peas and rinse under  <END>
INPUT: citrus, ham, sage, kosher salt more, orange zest, pepper flakes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Fresh Ham with Citrus and Rye | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 12-pound fresh ham, cut from the shank end; 1/2 cup chopped fresh sage; 1/4 cup kosher salt plus more for seasoning; 2 tablespoons finely grated orange zest; 1 tablespoon crushed red pepper flakes; 4 whole star anise; 1/3 cup rye whiskey or bourbon; 1 cup fresh orange juice; 1 cup low-sodium chicken broth (optional); 1 tablespoon chilled unsalted butter; Ingredient info: Fresh ham is available by special order from your butcher | INSTRUCTIONS: Using a utility knife or a sharp knife, carefully score skin of ham at 3/4"-1" intervals in a crosshatch pattern, taking care to cut just through skin and fat, not into the meat. Whisk sage, 1/4 cup salt, orange zest, and red pepper flakes in a small bowl. Rub salt mixture all over ham. Transfer ham and any excess salt mixture to a jumbo (2-gallon) resealable plastic bag. Place ham in bag on a large rimmed baking sheet and chill, turning ham every day to ensure even curing, for 4 days. Remove ham from bag and pat dry with paper towels. Let ham stand at room temperature for 2 hours. Arrange a r <END>
INPUT: Italian, bell peppers, olive oil, Kosher salt, pepper, basil leaves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Red Peppers with Basil Oil | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 4 large red bell peppers, seeded and cut in 1/2 lengthwise; 2 tablespoons olive oil, plus 1 1/2 cups; Kosher salt; Freshly ground black pepper; 3 cups basil leaves, plus 8 basil leaves for garnish; 1 clove garlic, chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 500 degrees F. Pour 2 tablespoons of olive oil on a baking sheet and place the peppers, cut side up on the oil. Turn the peppers over, season them with salt and pepper, and roast in the oven for 20 minutes. Place the warm peppers in a bowl, and cover with plastic wrap. Set aside to cool for at least 30 minutes. For the basil oil, put the basil, 1 1/2 cups olive oil, and the garlic in the bowl of a food processor fitted with a steel blade. Pulse 6 to 8 times until the basil is finely chopped. When the peppers are cool, remove and discard the skins. Slice the peppers and arra <END>
INPUT: Mexican, cilantro, garlic, low sodium chicken, Kosher salt, vegetable oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cilantro and Rice With Sweet Plantains | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup cilantro sprigs, plus 2 tablespoons chopped leaves; 1 clove garlic; 2 cups low-sodium chicken broth (or use water); Kosher salt; 1 tablespoon vegetable oil; 2 1/4 cups medium-grain white rice; 1 10-ounce package frozen fried sweet plantains | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Combine the cilantro sprigs, garlic, chicken broth and 1 1/4 teaspoons salt in a blender and puree. Transfer to a liquid measuring cup and add enough water to make 3 3/4 cups liquid. Heat the vegetable oil in a medium saucepan over medium-high heat. Add the rice and cook, stirring, 1 minute. Add the cilantro puree and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat to low, cover and cook until the liquid is absorbed, about 20 minutes. Remove from the heat and let stand, covered, 10 minutes. Spread the plantains on a baking sheet and bake until heated through, 15 minutes. St <END>
INPUT: Italian, pescatore, virgin olive oil, onion, garlic, wine, tomatoes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pasta Pescatore | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1/2 small white onion, diced; 3 cloves garlic, minced; 1/2 cup dry white wine; 2 cups crushed canned tomatoes; 1 teaspoon chile flakes; 1/3 pound flounder fillets, cut into 2-inch pieces; 1/3 pound raw medium shrimp, peeled, deveined; 2 tablespoons capers, drained; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 12 ounces linguine pasta; 1/4 cup grated Parmesan, for serving, optional | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat the oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Add the onions and cook until translucent, about 3 minutes. Add the garlic and cook until fragrant, about 1 minute. Add the wine. Increase the heat to high and boil the wine until almost evaporated, about 3 minutes. Add the tomatoes and chile flakes and bring the sauce to a boil. Cook, about 10 minutes. Add the flounder, shrimp and capers. Sprinkle with salt and pepper. Simmer the mixture until the flounder and shrimp are almost cooked through, about 1 1/2 minutes. Meanwhile, boil a pot of salted water. Cook the pasta until tender but still fir <END>
INPUT: crusty, unsalted butter, onions, garlic, allspice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Baked Tomatoes with Crusty Bread | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 (28-ounce) cans whole tomatoes in juice; 3/4 stick unsalted butter, divided; 2 medium onions, chopped; 2 garlic cloves, finely chopped; 1/8 teaspoon ground allspice; 1/8 teaspoon ground cloves; 1 teaspoon dried thyme; 1 tablespoon packed light brown sugar, or to taste; 8 (1/4-inch-thick) slices good-quality white sandwich bread such as a pullman loaf | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 425°F with rack in middle. Butter a 3-quart baking dish (about 13 by 9 by 2 inches). Drain tomatoes, reserving 1 cup juice, then chop. Heat 2 tablespoons butter in a 5- to 6-quart heavy pot over medium-high heat until foam subsides, then cook onions with 1/2 teaspoon salt, stirring occasionally, until golden-brown, about 10 minutes. Add garlic, allspice, and cloves and cook, stirring, 1 minute. Stir in tomatoes with reserved juice, thyme, brown sugar, and 1/2 teaspoon pepper and briskly simmer, uncovered, stirring occasionally, until thickened, about 20 minutes. Meanwhile, melt <END>
INPUT: Uncooked rice, dill, rosemary, salmon fillet, Coarse salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Hot Smoked Salmon | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Uncooked white rice (about 2 1/2 cups); 3 tablespoons dried dill; 2 tablespoons dried rosemary; 1 pound skinless salmon fillet, cut into 4-ounce pieces; Coarse salt and freshly ground pepper; 4 large radicchio leaves; 1/4 cup Arugula Pesto, recipe follows; Nonstick vegetable cooking spray | INSTRUCTIONS: Spray the inside of a paella pan or flat-bottomed wok with nonstick vegetable cooking spray. Fill with enough rice to make a 1-inch layer. Mix the herbs into rice. Season the salmon with salt and pepper. Place the fillets on a wire rack that fits into pan or on 8 skewers large enough to overhang the rim of the pan, and cover with a dome-shaped lid. Cook the salmon over moderately low heat until firm to the touch, 15 to 18 minutes. Place each fillet in a radicchio leaf, and drizzle with pesto. Arugula Pesto: 1 large bunch of arugula, trimmed and coarsely chopped (about 1 packed cup) 2 tablespoo <END>
INPUT: covered, raspberry liqueur, bourbon, chocolate liqueur, heavy cream, Ice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate Covered Raspberry | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 ounce raspberry liqueur (recommended: Chambord); 1 ounce bourbon, (recommended: Maker's Mark); 1 ounce chocolate liqueur, (recommended: Godiva); 1/2-ounce heavy cream; Ice; Fresh raspberry, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: In a cocktail shaker, add the raspberry liqueur, bourbon, chocolate liqueur, heavy cream, and ice. Shake and strain into a martini glass. Garnish with a fresh raspberry and serve. <END>
INPUT: sicilian, blade end pork, Honey Rosemary Brine, olive oil, pepper, Agrodolce Grilled Peaches
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sicilian Grilled Pork Loin with Agrodolce Grilled Peaches | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 boneless blade-end pork loin with 1/8-inch layer of fat still attached to one side; Honey-Rosemary Brine, recipe follows; 2 tablespoons olive oil; Freshly ground black pepper; Agrodolce Grilled Peaches, recipe follows; 2 cups low-sodium chicken broth; 1/2 cup kosher salt; 1/4 cup clover honey; 2 tablespoons sugar; 2 teaspoons black peppercorns; 8 large sprigs fresh rosemary; 4 cloves garlic, smashed; 4 cups ice cubes; 1 cup red wine vinegar; 1/4 cup clover honey | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Special equipment: 2 cups pecan wood chips, soaked in water for 2 hours; soaked rosemary sprigs or sage leaves, optional Tie the loin with kitchen twine at 1-inch intervals and add to the Honey-Rosemary Brine in a large container. Brine the pork loin in the refrigerator for at least 4 hours and up to 12 hours. Remove from the brine, rinse under cold water and pat dry with paper towels. Let sit at room temperature for 1 hour before grilling. Prepare the charcoal in a chimney starter (allowing the charcoal to burn until all the charcoal is covered with a thin layer <END>
INPUT: Asian, sparklers, sugar, ginger, pomegranate molasses
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pomegranate-Ginger Sparklers | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup sugar; 1/4 cup finely minced peeled ginger; 1 bottle (750 ml) cava or other dry sparkling wine; 1/2 teaspoon pomegranate molasses | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine the sugar, 1 cup water and the ginger in a saucepan over medium-low heat; allow to come to a gentle simmer, stirring until the sugar has completely dissolved. Remove from the heat and let the ginger syrup cool to room temperature. Strain the syrup and discard the ginger. Pop open the bubbly and grab a couple of champagne flutes. Divide the pomegranate molasses between the flutes, then add about 2 tablespoons of the ginger syrup to each. Top with the bubbly. Clink glasses and enjoy! (Store the remaining ginger syrup in the fridge. You can drizzle it into seltzer the rest of the week.) P <END>
INPUT: Asian, mousse, lemongrass, milk, milk chocolate, packet gelatin, egg yolks
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate and Lemongrass Mousse | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 3 sticks of lemongrass; 1 cup milk; 4 1/2 oz milk chocolate; 1 packet gelatin; 2 egg yolks; 1/4 cup sugar; 2/3 cup heavy cream; 2 lemons; Sugar and cornstarch, to taste; Handful crystallized lemon rinds | INSTRUCTIONS: Finely chop the lemongrass into small pieces or finely grind in a food processor or mortar and pestle. Pour the milk into a large, heavy-based saucepan, add the lemongrass, and bring to a boil. Remove from the heat and leave to infuse for 1 hour. Break the chocolate into cubes and melt in a bainmarie or microwave. Soften the gelatin in a small bowl filled with cold water and stir it into the chocolate until dissolved. In a medium bowl, whisk the egg yolks and sugar. Semiwhip the heavy cream in a separate bowl. Whisk the egg-sugar mixture into the milk. Return to low heat, stirring continuously <END>
INPUT: Indian, peppers, olive oil, onion, ginger, Scotch Bonnet pepper, butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Jamaican Curry Chicken and Potatoes with Scotch Bonnet Hot Peppers | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 4 tablespoons olive oil; 1 yellow onion, chopped; 1 teaspoon freshly minced ginger; 1 small Scotch Bonnet pepper, minced (do not touch face or eyes after handling; immediately wash hands); 1/2 stick butter; 2 tablespoons Jamaican curry; 1 1/2 pounds chicken, chopped into 1-inch pieces; 2 large russet potatoes, chopped; One 16-ounce can coconut milk; 8 ounces chicken stock | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat the oil in a medium-size saucepot at a medium heat. Add the onions, ginger, and Scotch Bonnet peppers; let saute for 5 to 8 minutes. Add butter and curry powder and let sit until curry powder turns a dark gold. Add the chicken and continue to cook for 8 to 10 minutes. Add the potatoes and cook for another couple of minutes before adding the coconut milk. Let simmer for 30 to 45 minutes. Serve. <END>
INPUT: mild, lemon juice, wine, olive oil, California chili powder, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken with Mild Red Chili Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 cup fresh lemon juice; 3/4 cup dry white wine; 6 tablespoons olive oil; 4 1/2 tablespoons California chili powder; 9 garlic cloves, chopped; 3 shallots, chopped; 2 tablespoons soy sauce; 2 tablespoons honey; 1 1/2 tablespoons fresh oregano leaves or 1 1/2 teaspoons dried; 8 large boneless chicken breast halves with skin; Oregano sprigs (optional) | INSTRUCTIONS: Puree first 9 ingredients in blender until smooth. Using meat mallet, pound chicken breasts between sheets of plastic wrap to 1/2-inch thickness. Place chicken in 13x9x2-inch glass baking dish. Pour marinade over and turn to coat. Cover and refrigerate overnight. Prepare barbecue (medium-high heat) or preheat broiler. Drain marinade into small saucepan. Boil 5 minutes. Season chicken with salt and pepper. Grill or broil chicken until cooked through, about 5 minutes per side. Brush some marinade over chicken. Transfer to platter. Garnish with oregano sprigs, if desired. Serve with remaining mar <END>
INPUT: soup, tomatoes, olive oil, garlic, onion, oregano leaves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spicy Tomato and Cheddar Soup | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 tomatoes, halved; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 2 cloves garlic, thinly sliced; 1 small red onion, chopped; 2 teaspoons fresh oregano leaves, chopped; 2 cups chicken broth; 1 teaspoon hot sauce; One 28-ounce can diced fire-roasted tomatoes; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 cups grated sharp Cheddar; Croutons, recipe follows; 2 cups cubed day-old French bread; 2 tablespoons olive oil; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the broiler. Line a sheet pan with foil. Place the tomatoes on the prepared sheet pan and broil until charred, 4 minutes. Add the oil to a large pot set over high heat. Saute the garlic, onions and oregano. Reduce the heat to medium. Add the broiled tomatoes to the pot and mix into the sauteed onion mixture. Break up the tomatoes with the mixing spoon so they cook evenly. Add the broth, hot sauce and canned tomatoes to the pot. Season with salt and pepper. Sprinkle the cheese, reserving 2 tablespoons for garnish, into the soup. Use an immersion blender to <END>
INPUT: shallot, garlic, Salt, wine vinegar, honey
OUTPUT: TITLE: Watermelon and Haloumi | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 teaspoon shallot minced; 1 teaspoon minced garlic; Salt; 2 ounces red wine vinegar; 1 tablespoon honey; 4 ounces plus 1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil; 1 tablespoon toasted sliced almonds; 1 tablespoon chopped mint; 4 (1-ounce) slices watermelon; 4 (1-ounce) slices haloumi | INSTRUCTIONS: Place shallots and garlic in mixing bowl and add a pinch of salt. Add vinegar and honey and whisk. Slowly whisk in 4 ounces oil. Fold in the almonds and mint. Pour over melon and let marinate for 1 hour. Heat a medium skillet over a medium heat and add 1 tablespoon of oil. Sear haloumi for 1 minute per side. Remove from pan, top with marinated watermelon and serve. <END>
INPUT: balsamico, virgin olive oil, onions, balsamic vinegar, Salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Beef Tenderloins con Balsamico | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 2 large white cooking onions, thinly sliced; 4 (8-ounce) beef tenderloins; 1 cup balsamic vinegar; Salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat a skillet with 2 tablespoons of extra-virgin olive oil over medium heat and add the onions. Cook until the onions are golden brown and caramelized, for about 10 minutes. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. If the pan is getting dry, add some water. Set aside. On high heat, add the remaining extra-virgin olive oil in another skillet and lay in the beef when the oil is hot. Sear both sides for about 30 seconds, turning only once. Add the balsamic vinegar to the beef and deglaze the pan. Cook until the balsamic is reduced to a syrupy consistency. Plate the beef tenderloins with the carame <END>
INPUT: muffins, figs, bran cereal, lowfat milk, wheat flour
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fig Bran Muffins | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Nonstick cooking spray; 1 cup chopped dried figs, plus 3 whole dried figs; 1 1/2 cups bran cereal (recommended: All-Bran); 1 cup lowfat milk; 1 1/2 cups whole-wheat flour; 1 tablespoon baking powder; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 3/4 cup natural applesauce; 1/2 cup honey; 1/3 cup canola oil; 2 tablespoons unsulfured molasses; 1 large egg, beaten | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. Coat a 12-capacity muffin pan with cooking spray. Thinly slice the whole figs. In a large bowl, combine the cereal and milk. Let sit until softened, about 5 minutes. Meanwhile, whisk together the whole-wheat flour, baking powder and salt in a separate bowl. Add the applesauce, honey, oil, molasses, and egg to the cereal mixture and stir until combined. Add the flour mixture and stir until just combined. Gently stir in the chopped figs. Spoon the batter into the prepared pan and top each muffin with a fig slice. Tap the pan on the co <END>
INPUT: American, tarts, crust, gingersnaps, unsalted butter, ginger, cream cheese, light sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pumpkin Cheese Tarts with Gingersnap Crust | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 4 cups finely chopped gingersnaps (about 60); 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted; 1 tablespoon grated fresh ginger; 1 pound cream cheese, softened; 1/2 cup light brown sugar, firmly packed; 1/2 teaspoon cinnamon; Pinch of nutmeg; Pinch of allspice; Pinch of ground cloves; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 3/4 cup pureed pumpkin; 2 large eggs | INSTRUCTIONS: To make the crust: Preheat the oven to 300 degrees. In a mixing bowl, combine the gingersnap crumbs with the melted butter and toss together until the mixture clumps together. Add an additional tablespoon of butter if necessary. Pat the mixture into the base and slightly up the sides of eight 4 1/2inch tartlet pans. Bake for about 7 minutes, or until crisp. To make the filling: Press the grated ginger against the mesh of a fine sieve into a small bowl, pressing hard to extract all the juice. Set the ginger juice aside and discard the pulp. In the bowl of an electric mixer, combine cream cheese <END>
INPUT: Indian, appetizers, mayonnaise, curry powder, chicken thighs, bread, Salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Curry Chicken Appetizers | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 3 to 4 teaspoons mayonnaise; 1 teaspoon curry powder; 4 chicken thighs, cooked and meat removed from bone; 5 slices white bread; Salt and pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Mix the mayonnaise and curry together. Chop all the chicken and mix with mayonnaise. Cut out circles with a small cup or cutters in white bread. Divide the chicken on the base of the white bread. Season with salt and pepper. <END>
INPUT: buttermilk, cupcakes, soy milk, lemon juice, vegan margarine, organic cane sugar, applesauce
OUTPUT: TITLE: Vegan Creme Brulee Buttermilk Cupcakes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 ounces soy milk; 1 teaspoon lemon juice; 6 ounces vegan margarine; 1 1/2 cups organic cane sugar; 6 tablespoons applesauce; 2 tablespoons vanilla extract; 2 1/4 cups organic, unbleached white flour; 1 tablespoon baking powder; 3/4 teaspoon salt; Creme Brulee Frosting, recipe follows; 1/2 cup raw sugar, for bruleeing; One 13 1/2-ounce can coconut milk; 1/4 cup plus 2 tablespoons soy milk; 1/4 cup plus 2 tablespoons organic cane sugar; 4 tablespoons plus 1 1/2 teaspoons tapioca starch | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Line standard-size cupcake pans with 16 cupcake liners. In a small bowl, whisk together the soy milk and lemon juice; set aside until the mixture is curdled. In a medium bowl, melt the margarine in the microwave. Once melted, add in the cane sugar, applesauce, vanilla extract and the soy milk mixture. Sift the flour, baking powder and salt into the wet mixture and whisk together until everything is evenly incorporated with few lumps remaining. Fill the liners three-quarters full and bake until golden and a toothpick comes out clean, about 15 minutes. Cool com <END>
INPUT: American, salad, chicken tenders, salt, pepper, eggs, panko
OUTPUT: TITLE: Crispy Chicken Salad with Sugared Pecans, Pears and Blue Cheese | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 pounds chicken tenders; 1 1/2 teaspoons salt; 1/4 teaspoon pepper; 2 eggs, beaten; 2 cups panko; 6 tablespoons vegetable oil; 2 bags (10 ounces each) mixed baby greens; 1 cup thinly sliced red onion; 4 Bosc pears, peeled and thinly sliced; 1 cup Danish blue cheese, crumbled; Dressing, recipe follows; Sugared Pecans, recipe follows; 1/2 cup chopped pecans; 1/4 cup maple syrup; 1/3 cup plus 2 tablespoons apple cider vinegar | INSTRUCTIONS: Sprinkle chicken with salt and pepper. Place eggs in a medium bowl. Place panko in another bowl. Dip chicken first in eggs, then in panko. Heat oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat. When oil is hot, add chicken to pan and cook until browned on all sides, about 6 minutes total. Remove chicken with slotted spoon and drain on paper towels. In large bowl, toss greens, onion, pears, and cheese. Add just enough dressing to coat well. Arrange greens on 6 plates. Top with chicken tenders and Sugared Pecans. Drizzle with additional dressing and pass remainder. Add all ingredients, except oil, t <END>
INPUT: Italian, rose, crabs, unsalted butter, garlic, hot chile flakes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Egg Fettuccine Rose | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 2 crabs; 1 pound (or 500 grams) egg fettuccine; 3 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1 clove garlic, minced; Pinch hot chile flakes; 2 cups sweet cherry tomatoes, halved; Pinch sea salt; Pinch brown sugar; Freshly ground black pepper; 2 cups half-and-half; 1/2 cup fresh sweet peas; 1/2 cup plus a pinch freshly grated Parmesan cheese; 1/4 cup minced fresh parsley | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large pot, bring enough water to cover two crabs to a boil. Add the crabs and cook for about 10 minutes. Shell the crab and set aside all the crabmeat. Next, in a separate pot, bring water for the pasta to a boil. Add salt. Cook the egg fettuccine according to package directions for al dente. Drain. In a pan, heat the unsalted butter in a pan over medium heat. Add the garlic, and pinch of chile flakes and saute until it becomes golden and fragrant, about 2 minutes. Add the sweet cherry tomatoes, sea salt, brown sugar, and freshly ground pepper to the pan. Cook for about 8 minutes, until t <END>
INPUT: American, magic, fine graham cracker, sugar, condensed milk, lemon juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Magic Lemon Meringue Pie | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cups fine graham cracker crumbs; 1/4 cup sugar; 1/4 cup (1/2 stick) unsalted butter, melted; 1 14-ounce can sweetened condensed milk; 1/2 cup fresh lemon juice (from about 2 large lemons); 1 teaspoon grated lemon zest; 3 large egg yolks (whites reserved for the meringue); 3 large egg whites, at room temperature; 1/4 teaspoon cream of tartar; 1/3 cup sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Make the crust: In a mixing bowl, stir together the graham cracker crumbs, sugar and butter until fully combined. Press the mixture firmly into a 9-inch pie plate. Set aside. Make the filling: In a medium bowl, mix the condensed milk, lemon juice, zest and egg yolks. Pour into the crust. Make the meringue: Beat the egg whites and cream of tartar in a medium bowl with an electric hand mixer until soft peaks form. Gradually beat in the sugar until stiff peaks form. Spread the meringue over the pie and seal the edge of the crust. Bake 15 to 20 minutes, or until  <END>
INPUT: balsamic vinegar, mint, peaches, whipping cream
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Pound Cake with Balsamic Peaches | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 1/2 tablespoons (packed) golden brown sugar, divided; 3 tablespoons balsamic vinegar; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh mint; 6 ripe large peaches, peeled, cut into 1/2-inch-thick slices; 1 cup chilled whipping cream; 6 slices purchased pound cake; 3 to 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, room temperature | INSTRUCTIONS: Prepare barbecue (medium-high heat). Whisk 3 tablespoons sugar, vinegar, and mint in large bowl to blend. Add peaches and toss gently to coat. Let stand at least 5 minutes and up to 30 minutes. Using electric mixer, beat whipping cream and remaining 1 1/2 tablespoons sugar in another large bowl until peaks form; refrigerate. Spread cake slices on both sides with butter. Grill until lightly browned. Arrange cake slices on 6 plates. Top each with peaches and syrup, then whipped cream. Prepare barbecue (medium-high heat). Whisk 3 tablespoons sugar, vinegar, and mint in large bowl to blend. Add pe <END>
INPUT: American, frites, russet potatoes, vegetable oil, garlic, rosemary, unsalted butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Ham Steak and Frites | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 3 pounds russet potatoes; 1 gallon vegetable oil, for frying; 24 cloves garlic; 3 sprigs fresh rosemary; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1 onion, cut into 1/8-inch julienne strips; 4 Granny Smith apples, peeled and cut into large dice; 1/2 teaspoon cinnamon; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh thyme; 1/2 cup cider vinegar; 1/2 cup brown sugar; Salt and black pepper; Six 8-ounce ham steaks; 1 tablespoon black pepper; 1/4 cup grape seed oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: a frying thermometer For the rosemary garlic French fries: Leaving the skin on, cut the potatoes into fries that are 1/4-inch thick and 1/4-inch wide and as long as the potato. As soon as they are cut, transfer the fries into a deep container that will hold them all and run cold water over the top. Run the water until the water overflowing out of the container runs clear. In a 2-gallon pot, heat the oil to 250 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with paper towels. Strain the potatoes and pat dry. In batches, fry the french fries plus 4 to 6 garlic cloves until the fries are tende <END>
INPUT: Mexican, enchiladas, Swiss chard, vegetable oil, kosher salt, Yukon gold potatoes, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Swiss Chard and Potato Enchiladas | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 pound Swiss chard (stems and leaves), rinsed; 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, plus as needed; 1 teaspoons kosher salt; 6 ounces Yukon gold potatoes, cut into 1/2 inch dice; 1/2 medium onion, chopped; 2 teaspoons minced garlic; Fresh ground pepper; 4 ounces cojito cheese, crumbled, divided; 8 corn tortillas; 8 tomatillos (about 12 ounces), husked and well rinsed; 3/4 teaspoon kosher salt; 1/2 medium onion, coarsely chopped; 3 cloves garlic, chopped; 1/2 jalapeno chile (with seeds); 1/4 cup chopped fresh coriander (cilantro) | INSTRUCTIONS: To make the enchiladas filling: Strip the leaves from the stems of the Swiss chard, and chop the leaves and coarsely slice the stems; and set aside. In a large skillet over medium high heat, heat the 2 tablespoons oil. Add the potatoes and cook until golden brown and tender, about 8 minutes. Season with 1/4 teaspoon of the salt, and pepper, to taste. Remove from the pan with a slotted spoon, and drain on a paper towel-lined plate. Add the onions and garlic, and cook until translucent, about 4 minutes. Add the Swiss chard stems, cook until softened, about 4 minutes. Add the leaves, and remainin <END>
INPUT: Mexican, beurre, blanc, limes, salt, pepper, tequila
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mahi-Mahi with Orange Beurre Blanc Sauce | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2 fresh limes; 8 (6-ounce) mahi-mahi fillets; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/8 teaspoon black pepper; 1/2 cup tequila; 2 tablespoons canola oil; 2 tablespoons butter; 1 cup orange juice; 1/2 cup dry white wine; 1 cup heavy cream; 1 tablespoon very finely chopped fresh parsley leaves; 4 tablespoons (1/2 stick) butter, cut into cubes | INSTRUCTIONS: Microwave limes in a small bowl to release essential oils. Since these will be hot coming from the microwave, set them aside until just cool enough to handle. Season fish with salt and pepper and place in a non-reactive container for marinating. Squeeze lime juice over fish and add rinds to the bowl. Pour tequila over fillets, cover and let marinate in refrigerator for at least 2 hours. About 20 to 25 minutes before mealtime, prepare orange beurre blanc by combining orange juice and wine in a saucepan and simmering on medium heat until reduced by half the volume. Stir in heavy cream, bring to  <END>
INPUT: earth, olive oil, pepper flakes, chorizo, onion, bulb fennel
OUTPUT: TITLE: Best Mussels on Earth | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons olive oil; 1 teaspoon red pepper flakes; 1/2 pound chorizo, finely diced; 1 onion, diced; 1/2 bulb fennel, cored and sliced; 3 tablespoons minced garlic; 1 pinch saffron; 1 cup white wine; 1/2 cup vegetable stock; 2 pounds mussels, cleaned and beard removed; 1 pint cherry tomatoes, halved; 2 tablespoons chopped chives; 2 tablespoons chopped parsley leaves; 1 lemon, juiced; 1 1/2 tablespoons salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. In a large soup pot over medium-high heat, add the oil. Add the red pepper flakes and chorizo. Cook for 1 to 2 minutes to release the flavors. Stir in the onions and fennel and cook until they caramelize, about additional 2 to 3 minutes. Add the garlic and saffron and allow the saffron to bloom. Stir in the wine and stock and mix well. Add the mussels and stir. Cover the pot and steam until the mussels open, about to 5 minutes. Remove the lid, then add the tomatoes, herbs, lemon juice and salt and pepper, and stir well. Ladle the mussels and broth into large serv <END>
INPUT: Italian, meatballs, spaghetti squash, spicy Italian turkey, olive oil, plum tomatoes, kalamata olives
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spaghetti and Meatballs | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 large spaghetti squash; 1/2 pound spicy Italian turkey sausage links; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 3 cups diced plum tomatoes; 1/4 cup kalamata olives, pitted and chopped; 1 tablespoon capers, drained; 3 cloves garlic, crushed; 1/2 cup fresh basil leaves, sliced; 1/3 cup grated Parmesan cheese | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Slice the spaghetti squash in half and place cut side down a baking sheet. Bake for 30 minutes or until tender when pierced with a knife. Meanwhile, remove sausage from casings and form small meatballs about the size of a quarter. Heat a heavy nonstick pan over medium-high heat and add olive oil. When oil is hot, add meatballs and cook until browned on all sides. Add tomatoes, olives, capers, and garlic and simmer for 15 minutes. In the last minute of cooking, add basil. While sauce is simmering, scrape out the inside of the squash with a fork into a large bowl;  <END>
INPUT: sauce, clementines, sugar, cornstarch, salt, unsalted butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Clementine Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/4 pounds clementines (about 8); 1 tablespoon sugar; 1 tablespoon cornstarch; Pinch of salt; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, cut into pieces | INSTRUCTIONS: Squeeze enough juice from clementines to measure 1 cup. Whisk together juice, sugar, cornstarch, and salt in a small heavy saucepan. Bring to a boil over medium heat, whisking constantly, then briskly simmer, whisking, 1 minute. Remove pan from heat and whisk in butter until melted. Pour into a bowl and cover surface with wax paper or parchment. Cool to warm, about 30 minutes. Squeeze enough juice from clementines to measure 1 cup. Whisk together juice, sugar, cornstarch, and salt in a small heavy saucepan. Bring to a boil over medium heat, whisking constantly, then briskly simmer, whisking, 1 <END>
INPUT: Asian, rolls, low sodium soy, honey, garlic, ginger, tofu
OUTPUT: TITLE: Nori Rolls | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup low-sodium soy sauce; 2 teaspoons honey; 1 teaspoon grated garlic; 1 tablespoon grated peeled fresh ginger; 1 pound extra-firm tofu, cut into 1/4-inch-wide strips; 2 cups short-grain brown rice; 2 tablespoons rice vinegar; 1 tablespoon extra-fine sugar; 2 scallions, white part only, minced; 2 tablespoons sesame seeds, toasted; 5 sheets nori (available in Asian-specialty sections); 1 cup finely shredded carrots; 10 fresh spinach leaves, steamed and squeezed dry; 1 1/2 cups alfalfa sprouts | INSTRUCTIONS: In a deep, wide dish or pie plate, combine the soy sauce, honey, garlic and ginger. Add the tofu and let it marinate for at least an hour, turning it over half way through. Cook the rice according to the package. In a large glass or ceramic bowl, combine the rice vinegar and sugar. Add the hot rice in fourths, stirring the mixture well after each addition. Stir in the scallions and sesame seeds, mix well. For each roll, place a sheet of nori on a piece of wax paper so that the bottom edge of the nori lies along the bottom edge of the paper. Moisten your hands with cold water and place a handfu <END>
INPUT: Asian, light soy sauce, miso paste, honey, ginger, light sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Miso Chicken Wings | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup light soy sauce; 3 heaping tablespoons yellow miso paste; 2 tablespoons honey; 2 tablespoons finely grated peeled ginger; 2 tablespoons light brown sugar; 2 cloves garlic, finely minced; 1 dozen chicken wings, separated at the joints, wingtips removed; Cooking spray, for greasing; 1 tablespoon sesame seeds, toasted; 2 scallions, sliced, for garnish, optional | INSTRUCTIONS: Whisk together the soy, miso, honey, ginger, brown sugar and garlic until well combined. Put the wings into a resealable plastic bag and pour the marinade mixture over them. Seal the bag and squeeze it to coat the wings evenly. Refrigerate for at least 4 hours or preferably overnight, up to 12 hours. Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with a rack and spray it lightly with cooking spray. Remove the wings from the marinade, shake off any excess and spread them evenly on the baking sheet. Bake until golden brown and cooked through, 25 to 30 minutes. Transfer to a serving platt <END>
INPUT: raita, plain lowfat yogurt, onion, English cucumber, lemon juice, mint leaves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cucumber Raita | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups plain lowfat yogurt; 1 red onion, quartered and thinly sliced; 1 English cucumber, peeled, seeded and grated; 1/4 cup fresh lemon juice (about 1 lemon); 1 tablespoon chopped fresh mint leaves; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh cilantro leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: Line a colander with cheesecloth or muslin. Place a large bowl under the colander. Place yogurt in colander and let sit at room temperature for about four hours or cover and refrigerate overnight. Discard the liquid that has drained into the bowl and proceed with the recipe. Add the onion, cucumber, lemon juice, mint and cilantro and mix well. <END>
INPUT: Vidalia onions, garlic, pork ham
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pork with Onion Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 large Vidalia onions, chopped; 2 cloves garlic, minced; 1 large (1/2 gallon or more) bottle vinegar based barbeque sauce; 13 pound pork ham | INSTRUCTIONS: Saute the onion and garlic in olive oil until onions are tender. Add onions to barbeque sauce and stir well. Place uncooked ham in a baking bag. Pour about 1/2 gallon of barbeque sauce mixture into the bag. Seal the bag and marinate in the refrigerator overnight - about 8 to 12 hours. Remove the ham from the baking bag and place it on the grill. Cook ham until the meat is tender, basting often with barbeque mixture. <END>
INPUT: mini, scones, vanilla beans, heavy cream, all purpose flour, granulated sugar, baking powder
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mini Vanilla Scones with Vanilla Bean Glaze | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 whole vanilla beans; 3/4 cups heavy cream; 3 cups all-purpose flour, plus more for dusting; 2/3 cups granulated sugar; 5 teaspoons baking powder; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 2 sticks (1/2 pound) unsalted butter, chilled; 1 whole large egg; 1 whole vanilla bean; 1/2 cup whole milk, plus more if needed; 5 cups powdered sugar, sifted, plus more if needed; Dash of salt | INSTRUCTIONS: For the scones: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Split the vanilla beans in half lengthwise and scrape out all the vanilla "caviar" inside. Stir the caviar into the cream. Set aside for 15 minutes. Sift together the flour, granulated sugar, baking powder and salt. Cut the cold butter into pats, and then use a pastry cutter or two knives to cut the butter into the flour. Keep going until the mixture resembles crumbs. Mix the vanilla cream with the egg, and then combine with the flour mixture. Stir gently with a fork just until it comes together. Turn the dough onto a floured surface and light <END>
INPUT: shallots, sugar, good wine vinegar, kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Caramelized Shallots | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 tablespoons (3/4 stick) unsalted butter; 2 pounds fresh shallots, peeled, with roots intact; 3 tablespoons sugar; 3 tablespoons good red wine vinegar; 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt; 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh flat-leaf parsley; Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Melt the butter in a 12-inch ovenproof saute pan, add the shallots and sugar, and toss to coat. Cook over medium heat for 10 minutes, tossing occasionally, until the shallots start to brown. Add the vinegar, salt, and pepper and toss well. Place the saute pan in the oven and roast for 15 to 30 minutes, depending on the size of the shallots, until they are tender. Season to taste, sprinkle with parsley, and serve hot. <END>
INPUT: Asian, spice, paste, unpeeled russet potatoes, cilantro, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cheese-Stuffed Potatoes with Yogurt-Spice Paste and Sesame Seed Crust | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 3 large unpeeled russet potatoes (each about 16 ounces), scrubbed; 1 cup (packed) coarsely grated Monterey Jack cheese (about 4 ounces); 2 tablespoons (1/4 stick) butter, melted; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro; 1 green onion, finely chopped; 1 serrano chile, seeded, minced; 1 tablespoon sesame seeds; Coarse kosher salt; 2 garlic cloves, coarsely chopped; 2 teaspoons chopped peeled fresh ginger; 2 teaspoons sweet or hot paprika; 1 teaspoon salt; 1 teaspoon ground coriander; 1/2 teaspoon ground cumin; 1/2 cup plain whole-milk Greek-style yogurt* | INSTRUCTIONS: For potatoes and stuffing: Position rack in center of oven and preheat to 400°F. Place potatoes directly on oven rack and bake until tender when pierced with fork, about 1 hour 15 minutes. Transfer to platter and let stand until cool enough to handle. DO AHEAD: Can be made 1 day ahead. Cover and chill. Cut potatoes horizontally in half. Using spoon, scoop out pulp, leaving 1/3-inch-thick shell. Transfer potato pulp to medium bowl and mash; mix in cheese, melted butter, cilantro, green onion, chile, and sesame seeds. Season potato mixture generously with salt and pepper; divide among potato she <END>
INPUT: pudding, escatoon, duck fat, wild mushrooms, Salt pepper, parsley, chicken broth
OUTPUT: TITLE: Creamy Corn Pudding with Mushrooms: Escatoon | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 3/4 ounces duck fat; 20 ounces small wild mushrooms, cleaned, de-stemmed, and sliced thinly; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 bunches parsley, stems removed and chopped finely; 2 cups chicken broth; 4 ounces very fine cornmeal; 9 ounces mascarpone; 5 ounces Basque Brebis, grated; 3 ounces chicken glace (chicken stock reduced until thick) | INSTRUCTIONS: In a saucepan, melt the duck fat. Add the mushrooms and cook until they are golden. Season with salt and pepper. Add the parsley. Keep the mushroom mixture warm. In a sauce pot, combine the chicken broth and the cornmeal with a whisk. Season with salt and pepper. Over low heat, cook the mixture just until it thickens and comes together, like a pate a choux. Add the mascarpone and the cheese. Stir until melted. Adjust seasoning. The mixture should be somewhat liquid. If necessary, add some more chicken stock. Bring the chicken glace to a boil. Pour the polenta into 4 bowls. Top with the cooked  <END>
INPUT: strawberry, shortcake, all purpose flour, sugar, baking powder, fine sea salt, unsalted butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Strawberry, Mint and Thyme Shortcake | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 3/4 cups all-purpose flour, plus 1 tablespoon for dusting; 1/4 cup sugar, plus more for sprinkling; 1 tablespoon baking powder; 1/4 teaspoon fine sea salt; 1 stick cold unsalted butter, cut into 1/2-inch cubes; 1/2 cup chilled heavy cream, plus 2 tablespoons for brushing; 1 orange, zested; 6 cups strawberries, hulled and sliced, or a mix of fresh berries, such as strawberries, blueberries, blackberries and raspberries; 1/2 cup sugar; 1 sprig fresh mint, leaves picked and thinly sliced (about 1 tablespoon); 2 sprigs fresh thyme, leaves picked and minced (about 1 tablespoon); 1/2 teaspoon grated orange zest; 2 cups chilled heavy cream; 2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract; 1 teaspoon almond extract | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper. For the biscuits: Pulse the flour, 1/4 cup sugar, baking powder and salt in the food processor, about 5 seconds. Add the cold butter cubes. Using on/off turns, process until the mixture resembles coarse meal. In a liquid measure, combine the heavy cream and orange zest. Add the heavy cream-orange mixture to the dry ingredients in the processor and pulse just until moist clumps form. Gather the dough into a ball (with floured hands if the dough is sticky). Gently knead 5 turns on a floured surface. Roll out the dough o <END>
INPUT: olive oil, onion, salt, long grain rice, coconut milk
OUTPUT: TITLE: Coconut Rice n' Peas | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon olive oil; 1 medium onion, chopped; 1 teaspoon salt; 2 cups long-grain rice; 1/2 cup coconut milk; 1 (12-ounce) can pigeon peas, drained and rinsed; Freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat olive oil in a medium pot over medium-high heat. Add onions and salt and saute, until onion becomes translucent and tender, about 5 minutes. Add rice and saute another 2 minutes to toast rice. Add coconut milk and fill saucepan with enough water to cover the rice by 1/2-inch or measure by placing your thumb tip on the rice and filling the pot with water until the water reaches the middle of your thumbnail. Bring rice to a simmer, cover and cook until rice is tender and liquid has evaporated, about 15 to 17 minutes. Remove from heat and let rice stand another 5 minutes, covered. Fluff rice <END>
INPUT: dumplings, chicken stock, carrots, onions, celery
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken with Dumplings | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 (3-pound) whole chickens, rinsed in cold water and patted dry; 1 gallon white chicken stock, heated to a boil; 8 ounces carrots, washed, peeled, and 1/4 inch sliced; 1 pound onions, peeled and 1/4 inch sliced; 1 pound celery, washed, trimmed, and 1/4 inch sliced; 8 ounces leeks (white part only), washed, trimmed, and 1/4 inch sliced; 2 bay leaves; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 3 cups all-purpose flour, or as needed; 1 1/2 teaspoon salt; 4 1/2 teaspoons baking powder; 3 tablespoons fresh parsley, washed and chopped fine; 6 tablespoons butter; 10 ounces milk plus 2 ounces; 2 ounces canola oil | INSTRUCTIONS: In a stockpot, combine chicken and stock. Heat to a boil and, after five minutes, skim off any impurities. Add the mirepoix, bay leaves, and season, to taste. Cover and cook until fork-tender, about 1 1/2 hours. Remove the chicken and strain the stock, reserving the liquid. Meanwhile, combine flour, salt, baking powder, and parsley in a bowl. Cut in butter with a fork until the mixture resembles coarse meal. Add 10 ounces milk and stir briefly with a fork. Add only enough of the remaining 2 ounces of milk to make the dough hold together. Roll dough out to 1/4-inch thickness. Cut dough into 2-i <END>
INPUT: roulade, gravy, cranberries, canola oil, onion, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Turkey Roulade with Apple-Cider Gravy | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 (2 1/2-pound) skinless turkey breast, butterflied; 1/2 cup dried cranberries; 2 tablespoons canola oil, divided; 1/2 large onion, diced (about 1 1/2 cups), plus 1 cup sliced onion; 2 large garlic cloves, minced; 5 slices day-old whole-wheat bread, crusts removed, cubed (about 2 1/2 cups); 1/3 cup lightly toasted chopped pecans; 2 tablespoons plus 2 teaspoons fresh crumbled sage or 3 teaspoons dried, divided; 1 1/2 cups low-sodium chicken broth, divided; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 1 cup apple cider; 3 tablespoons apple cider vinegar; 1 teaspoon cornstarch dissolved in 1 tablespoon cold water | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Special equipment: Kitchen twine Place the turkey breast between 2 sheets of plastic wrap and pound lightly with a meat mallet to an even thickness of about 3/4-inch. Set aside while stuffing is prepared. Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Place the cranberries in a small saucepan and cover with water. Bring to a boil, cook for 1 minute, then remove from heat, drain and reserve. Heat 2 teaspoons oil in a large heavy skillet over medium heat. Add the diced onions and cook, stirring, until onions are golden but not charred, about 12 to 15 minutes. Add the garlic an <END>
INPUT: Italian, perciatelli spaghetti, olive oil, rolled fillets anchovies, garlic, ready pasta chunky
OUTPUT: TITLE: Perciatelli with Tuna, Capers and Tomatoes | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 8 ounces perciatelli or spaghetti; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 4 rolled fillets of anchovies with capers from can; 3 garlic cloves, minced; 1 14- to 14 1/2-ounce can ready-for-pasta chunky tomatoes; 1/4 cup dry white wine; 1 6 1/8-ounce can white tuna packed in water, drained well; 3 tablespoons chopped parsley | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook pasta in pot of boiling salted water until just tender but still firm to bite. Meanwhile, heat oil in heavy large skillet over medium-low heat. Add anchovies with capers and garlic and sauté 2 minutes, mashing to paste with back of fork. Mix in tomatoes with their juices and white wine. Increase heat to medium-high and cook until sauce thickens slightly, about 5 minutes. Add tuna and parsley and mix to break up large tuna chunks. Drain pasta. Add to sauce and toss to blend. Season to taste with pepper. Cook pasta in pot of boiling salted water until just tender but still firm to bite. Mea <END>
INPUT: roulade, filling, Granny Smith apple, McIntosh apple, firmly sugar, unsalted butter, raisins
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cinnamon Roulade with Apple Raisin Filling | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 Granny Smith apple; 1 McIntosh apple; 1/4 cup firmly packed brown sugar; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1/2 cup raisins; 1 teaspoon cornstarch; 2 tablespoons dark rum; 1 cup well-chilled heavy cream; 1 teaspoon cinnamon; 5 large eggs, separated, the whites at room temperature; 1/4 cup granulated sugar; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/3 cup cornstarch; 1/3 cup all-purpose flour | INSTRUCTIONS: Make the filling: In a saucepan combine the apples, peeled, cored, and chopped fine, the brown sugar, the butter, and 3/4 cup water, simmer the mixture, stirring occasionally, for 8 to 10 minutes, or until the apples are tender, and stir in the raisins. In a small bowl dissolve the cornstarch in 1/4 cup cold water, add the mixture to the apple mixture, and boil the mixture for 1 minute. Stir in the rum, boil the filling for 1 minute, and let it cool. The filling may be made 1 day in advance and kept covered and chilled. In a saucepan combine the apples, peeled, cored, and chopped fine, the bro <END>
INPUT: Mexican, skewers, glaze, pure maple syrup, cumin, cinnamon, cayenne pepper, fruit chunks pineapple
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Fruit Skewers with Spicy Maple Cumin Glaze | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup pure maple syrup; 1/4 teaspoon ground cumin; 1/4 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1/4 teaspoon cayenne pepper; 4 cups fruit chunks such as pineapple, peaches, and/or bananas | INSTRUCTIONS: Build a charcoal fire for direct grilling. Soak the bamboo skewers in a bowl of water and set aside. Combine the glaze ingredients in a medium bowl and mix well. Add the fruit and toss gently to coat with the glaze. Cover and refrigerate. Thread the fruit on the soaked skewers, alternating each fruit type. Place the skewers on the grill and cook directly over medium-high heat for 1 1/2 minutes on each side, or until browned and caramelized. Serve warm. Build a charcoal fire for direct grilling. Soak the bamboo skewers in a bowl of water and set aside. Combine the glaze ingredients in a medium  <END>
INPUT: sour, egg, Pisco Capel, simple syrup, lemon juice, Angostura Bitters
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pisco Sour | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 egg white; 2 1/2 ounces Pisco Capel (see note); 1/2 ounce simple syrup; 3/4 ounce fresh lemon juice; Angostura Bitters (see note, below) | INSTRUCTIONS: In cocktail shaker filled with ice, combine egg white, Pisco, simple syrup, and lemon juice. Cover, shake vigorously for 15 seconds, and strain into six-ounce cocktail glass. Top with a few drops of bitters. In cocktail shaker filled with ice, combine egg white, Pisco, simple syrup, and lemon juice. Cover, shake vigorously for 15 seconds, and strain into six-ounce cocktail glass. Top with a few drops of bitters. <END>
INPUT: Italian, flavored, hot, Parmesan cheese, oregano, basil, thyme
OUTPUT: TITLE: Flavored Popcorn | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 4 cups hot, popped, plain popcorn; 1/3 cup Parmesan cheese; Pinch dried oregano; Pinch dried basil; Pinch dried thyme; 1 tablespoon extra virgin olive oil; Salt to taste | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large bowl mix popcorn with either Cheese or Italian Style flavoring. <END>
INPUT: French, mashed, potatoes, Salt, wedge Camembert cheese, milk half half, lemon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Camembert Mashed Potatoes | CUISINE: French | INGREDIENTS: 2 1/2 pounds small potatoes, halved or quartered, such as Yukon gold; Salt; 1/3 pound wedge ripe Camembert cheese, diced; 1/4 to 1/3 cup milk or half-and-half; 1 lemon, zested; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1/4 cup chives | INSTRUCTIONS: Put the potatoes into a large pot, cover with water and bring to a boil over medium heat. Salt the water and cook the potatoes until tender. Drain and return the potatoes to the hot pot. Add the Camembert and milk and toss to coat the potatoes in the cheese (the mixture will look slightly mashed). Stir in the lemon zest and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Transfer to a serving bowl, garnish with lots of chives and serve. <END>
INPUT: Asian, rolls, sauce, mayonnaise, mint leaves, Juice limes, Salt, carrot ribbons
OUTPUT: TITLE: Napa Cabbage Lobster Rolls with Mint Mayonnaise and Carrot Ginger Sauce | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cups mayonnaise; 1/2 cup fresh mint leaves, finely chopped; Juice of 2 limes; Salt; 4 cups shaved carrot ribbons (shaved with a vegetable peeler); 2 thumbs ginger, peeled and sliced 1/4-inch thick; 2 tablespoons cornstarch mixed with 2 tablespoons water; 3 tablespoons olive oil; 8 leaves napa cabbage, thick stem trimmed and scored, blanched and shocked in ice water; 4 cooked lobster tails, roughly chopped; Salt; 2 stalks celery, cut 3 inches in length and julienned; 4 green onions, cut 3 inches in length; 2 tablespoons sambal oelek; 1 grapefruit, segmented | INSTRUCTIONS: For the mint mayonnaise: Place the mayonnaise, mint and lime juice in a bowl and stir to incorporate. Season with salt. Cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate until assembling the lobster rolls. For the carrot ginger sauce: Place the carrots, ginger, 2 1/2 cups water and salt to taste in a pot. Bring to a simmer and cook until the carrots are tender and the liquid has reduced by half, 20 to 30 minutes. Place the carrot mixture in a food processor and pulse a few times to puree the carrots and ginger. Place the carrot mixture in a fine sieve over a small pot. Press all the liquid through the s <END>
INPUT: tartlets, butter, light cream cheese, all purpose flour, confectioners' sugar, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate and Pecan Tartlets | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 5 tablespoons butter, softened, plus 1 tablespoon melted butter; 4 ounces light cream cheese; 1 cup all-purpose flour; 1 tablespoon confectioners' sugar; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 3/4 cup light-brown sugar; 1/3 cup mini semisweet chocolate chips; 1 large egg; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; 2/3 cup chopped pecans | INSTRUCTIONS: Mix softened butter and cream cheese in a bowl until smooth. Blend in flour, a bit at a time, confectioners' sugar and 1/8 teaspoon salt. Form dough into a disk. Cover in plastic wrap; refrigerate at least 3 hours. Heat oven to 325°F. Divide dough into 24 balls; press into two 12-cup mini muffin tins, pushing dough up over edges. Refrigerate. Mix brown sugar, chocolate, egg, melted butter, vanilla and remaining 1/8 teaspoon salt in a bowl until combined. Divide half the pecans among muffin cups; top with brown sugar mixture; sprinkle remaining pecans on top. Bake 20 minutes or until dough is l <END>
INPUT: Mexican, hash, sweet potatoes, scallions, cilantro, chipotle peppers
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sweet Potato-Chicken Hash with Poached Eggs with Green Chile Hollandaise | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2 large sweet potatoes; 3 boneless, skinless chicken breasts; 2 scallions, thinly sliced; 1/4 cup cilantro, coarsely chopped; 1/4 cup canned chipotle peppers; 1 tablespoon honey; Salt and freshly ground pepper, to taste; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 3 cups water; 1 tablespoon white wine vinegar; 4 eggs; Green Chile Hollandaise, recipe follows; 3 large egg yolks, lightly beaten; 1/4 teaspoon kosher salt; Pinch white pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: To prepare the hash: In a medium saucepan, cover the potatoes with cold water and bring to a boil over high heat. Reduce the heat and simmer until tender, about 25 to 30 minutes. Drain the potatoes, peel and cut into 1/2-inch cubes. Season the chicken breast with salt and pepper and place in a saucepan of simmering water. Poach for 10-12 minutes or until cooked through. Cut each breast into 1/2-inch cubes. Place the potatoes, chicken, scallion, cilantro, chipotles and honey in a large bowl and mix gently until combined, season with salt and pepper. Form into 4 equal-sized patties. Heat the oil <END>
INPUT: Asian, water, Four gingerroot, Scotch Sherry, chicken breast, vegetable oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cold Poached Chicken with Ginger Scallion Oil | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups water; Four 1/4-inch-thick slices fresh gingerroot; 1/4 cup Scotch or medium-dry Sherry; 1 skinless boneless whole chicken breast (about 3/4 pound); 2 tablespoons vegetable oil; 2 teaspoons finely grated peeled fresh gingerroot; 2 teaspoons minced scallion; 1 teaspoon Asian sesame oil; Cold sesame spinach (recipe follows) | INSTRUCTIONS: Poach chicken: In a 1 1/2-quart saucepan bring water to a boil with gingerroot, Scotch or Sherry, and salt to taste. Add chicken and simmer, covered, 12 minutes, or until just cooked through. Transfer chicken with tongs to a bowl and chill, covered, 20 minutes. Make ginger scallion oil while chicken is cooling: In a small bowl stir together ginger scallion oil ingredients. Halve chicken lengthwise and cut across grain into thin slices. Stir oil and spoon over chicken. Yield: 2 servings. COLD SESAME SPINACH A 10-ounce bag fresh spinach or 2 small bunches (about 1 1/4 pounds total) 1 cup water 1 <END>
INPUT: underripe pears, orange, mulling spices, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chianti-Poached Pears | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 underripe pears, peeled; 1 medium orange, sliced; 2 tablespoons mulling spices, Morton & Bassett®; 1 bottle (750-milliliter) Chianti, Stella di Notte®; 1 Cup packed brown sugar, Domino®/C&H®; Orange juice or water (optional) | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. Cut each pear in half and use a melon baller to remove core. Place pear halves in a 4- to 5-quart slow cooker. Add orange slices and mulling spices. In a bowl, stir together Chianti and brown sugar; pour over pears. Add orange juice or water (optional) 2. Cover slow cooker and cook on low heat setting for 6-8 hours or until pears can be easily pierced with a fork. Excerpted from the book, Sandra Lee Semi-Homemade Cocktail Time, by Sandra Lee Copyright© 2009 SLSH Enterprises, Inc. <END>
INPUT: Asian, kimchi, Napa cabbage, kosher salt, light sugar, garlic, ginger
OUTPUT: TITLE: Classic Cabbage Kimchi | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 6 pounds Napa cabbage; 4 tablespoons kosher salt; 2 tablespoons light brown sugar; 1/3 cup minced garlic; 1/3 cup minced fresh ginger; 1/4 cup hot smoked paprika (pimentón); 1/4 cup Korean chile powder; 1 tablespoon crushed red pepper flakes; 2 tablespoons freshly squeezed lime juice; 1/2 cup Asian fish sauce; 1/2 cup brine shrimp (available in a jar at Asian food stores), finely chopped; 2 bunches scallions, cut into 1/2-inch pieces (about 12 scallions) | INSTRUCTIONS: Rinse the cabbage, and then quarter the heads lengthwise. Place the pieces in a large pot or bucket, and sprinkle 1 tablespoon of the salt over them. Set aside for 1 hour. Rinse the cabbage under cold running water, and pat it dry. Cut the cabbage into 1-inch pieces, put them in a large bowl, and toss with the remaining 3 tablespoons salt. Let sit for 2 hours. The salt will draw out moisture from the cabbage. Drain off the accumulated liquid and lightly rinse the cabbage. In a large bowl, combine the cabbage with all the remaining ingredients, and toss well. Transfer the mixture to a large cro <END>
INPUT: basted, crust, Frenched lamb rack, Salt, pepper, Olive oil, Bermuda honey
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Rack of Lamb Basted with Bermuda Honey Sun-dried Tomato Brioche Crust | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: One 1-pound Frenched lamb rack; Salt; Freshly ground black pepper; Olive oil; 1 tablespoon Bermuda honey; 1/4 cup brioche crumbs; 2 tablespoons finely chopped sun-dried tomatoes; 1/4 cup red wine; 1 cup beef or lamb stock; 8 cups beef stock; 1 medium onion, finely chopped; 6 tablespoons butter, plus more, as needed; 1/4 cup diced Portuguese chourico (garlic-paprika sausage); 2 cups arborio rice; 1/2 cup tomato juice | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F. Season the lamb rack with salt and pepper. Sear in olive oil on all sides in a hot pan. Brush and baste the lamb with the honey. In a small bowl, combine the brioche crumbs and the sun-dried tomatoes. Gently press the brioche crumb mixture on the lamb, to coat. Roast the lamb rack for approximately 10 minutes, or until medium rare. Remove from the oven and let rest for 5 minutes before slicing. Deglaze the pan with red wine and reduce until almost dry. Add the lamb or beef stock and reduce by 25 percent. Season, to taste, and strain to finish the lamb jus. For th <END>
INPUT: honey, unsalted butter, mango
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mango Butter | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup honey; 1 cup unsalted butter, at room temperature; 1/2 cup finely chopped ripe mango | INSTRUCTIONS: In a small mixing bowl with a wooden spoon, beat together the honey, butter, and mango until evenly mixed. Transfer to a ramekin, smooth off the top, and serve with warm breakfast breads. If desired, spread the butter on a long sheet of plastic wrap and roll up into a cylinder. Chill or freeze and cut off 1/2 inch disks of the flavored butter as needed. <END>
INPUT: caesar, salad, anchovy fillets rolled, garlic, olive oil, lemon juice, Dijon mustard
OUTPUT: TITLE: Caesar Potato Salad with Grilled Red Onion | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 anchovy fillets rolled with capers; 2 garlic cloves, coarsely chopped; 3 tablespoons olive oil, divided; 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 2 teaspoons Dijon mustard; 1 teaspoon hot pepper sauce; 1/2 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce; 1/3 cup mayonnaise; 1 large red onion (about 1 pound), peeled; 2 pounds red-skinned baby potatoes; 3 tablespoons freshly grated Parmesan cheese; Romaine lettuce leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: Puree anchovies and garlic in small processor, scraping down sides of bowl occasionally. Add 2 tablespoons oil and next 4 ingredients; process until smooth. Add mayonnaise and pulse just to blend. Season dressing with salt and pepper. Prepare barbecue (medium heat). Cut onion into 1-inch cubes; thread onto metal skewers. Brush onion cubes with remaining 1 tablespoon olive oil; sprinkle with salt and pepper. Grill until lightly charred and soft, turning occasionally for even grilling, about 12 minutes. Cool. Remove onion cubes from skewers and place in large bowl. (Can be prepared 2 hours ahead <END>
INPUT: Asian, ming, salad, rice wine vinegar, soy sauce, tahini, sesame seed oil, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Ming's Sesame Tofu and Cucumber Salad with Soy Sauce Eggs | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons rice wine vinegar; 2 tablespoons thin soy sauce; 2 tablespoons tahini; 1 tablespoon sesame seed oil; 1 teaspoon sugar; 1/2 cup canola oil; 2 tablespoons sliced scallions, green part only; 1 packages firm tofu, cut into 1/2-inch cubes; 1 package enoki mushrooms; 1 cucumber peeled, seeded and 1/16-inch slices; 1/4 cup toasted sesame seeds, for garnish; 6 soy sauce eggs, recipe follows; 6 eggs; 2 cups soy sauce; 1 cup water | INSTRUCTIONS: In a mixing bowl, whisk together vinegar, soy, tahini, sesame oil, and sugar. Drizzle in canola oil to emulsify. Season. Toss with scallions, tofu, mushrooms, and cucumbers. Check for flavor. Plate salad and garnish with wedges of soy sauce eggs. Soft boil the eggs to the just-coagulated stage, and placed immediately in cold water. Tap eggs gently all over to cover with cracks. Add the eggs to pot filled with 1 cup soy sauce and 1 cup water (enough to cover 6 eggs), 1 slice of ginger, and half teaspoon of five-spice powder. Simmer over low heat for 25 to 30 minutes, then let steep for another  <END>
INPUT: American, salad, Boston lettuce, watercress, pears, crumbled cheese, walnut halves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Watercress, Pear, and Blue Cheese Salad | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 small head Boston lettuce, rinsed, dried, and torn into pieces; 1 bunch watercress, rinsed, dried, and stalks removed; 2 ripe pears, cored and sliced; 1/2 cup crumbled blue cheese; 1/2 cup walnut halves; Creamy tarragon dressing:; 1 teaspoon salt; 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 1/4 teaspoon sugar (optional); 1/2 teaspoon dry mustard; 1/2 lemon, juiced; 1 clove garlic, minced; 5 tablespoons tarragon vinegar; 1/2 cup vegetable oil; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Divide the greens among 4 salad plates and chill. Meanwhile, prepare the dressing: Combine all the ingredients in a jar and shake vigorously to blend. When ready to serve, arrange the pear slices over the chilled greens. Top with blue cheese and walnuts and drizzle with 1 or 2 spoonfuls of dressing. Put the remaining dressing in a bowl and pass separately. <END>
INPUT: American, ugly, beef, canola oil, Salt pepper, sharp Cheddar, potato hamburger buns
OUTPUT: TITLE: GZ's Ugly Burger | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 pounds ground beef; 1 teaspoon canola oil; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 8 slices sharp Cheddar; 4 potato hamburger buns; 4 leaves Bibb lettuce; 2 teaspoons red wine vinegar; 2 teaspoons olive oil; 4 slices tomato; 6 tablespoons Special Sauce, recipe follows; 4 kosher dill half-sour pickle spears; 1/2 cup spiced ketchup, such as Sir Kensington's; 1/2 cup mayonnaise; 1/4 cup finely minced cornichons; 1 tablespoon prepared horseradish | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: 4-inch ring cutter Place a small piece of plastic wrap inside of a 4-inch ring cutter. Place about 8 ounces of the ground beef onto the plastic and lightly press into the mold just to flatten a touch. Repeat with the remainder of the ground beef. In a cast-iron pan, heat the oil until it begins to smoke. Sprinkle the burger patties lightly with salt and pepper and place into the hot pan. Sear the burgers, about 4 minutes, on one side. Flip and top each with 2 slices of the cheese. For medium rare, cook another 4 minutes on the other side. Remove the burgers from the pan and  <END>
INPUT: Mexican, fajitas, sauce, Hass avocado, Hellmann's Real Mayonnaise, jalapeno pepper, lime, Water
OUTPUT: TITLE: Turkey Fajitas with Creamy Avocado Sauce | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 ripe Hass avocado, halved, pitted and flesh chopped; 1/4 cup Hellmann's Real Mayonnaise; 1 teaspoon diced fresh jalapeno pepper (optional); 1 fresh lime, juiced; Water; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 tablespoons canola oil; 1 large red onion, halved and thinly sliced; 1 large red bell pepper, halved and thinly sliced; 1 teaspoon ground cumin; 2 cups leftover shredded turkey; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro leaves; 4 large flour tortillas | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine the avocado, mayonnaise, jalapeno pepper and lime juice in a blender or food processor. Add a splash of water and puree until smooth; season with salt and pepper, to taste. Scrape into a bowl. Heat the oil in a large saute pan over high heat. Add the onion and pepper and cook until soft, about 5 minutes. Add the cumin and cook for 1 minute. Add the turkey, cook until just heated through and stir in the cilantro. Put the tortillas on a plate, cover with a damp paper towel and microwave on high heat for 40 seconds to warm through. Put some of the turkey mixture in the center of each tort <END>
INPUT: squazetto, lamb shoulder meat, olive oil, onion, smoked pancetta, rosemary leaves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lamb Squazetto with Soft Polenta | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 pounds lamb shoulder meat, cut into 2-inch by 1-inch cubes; 4 tablespoons olive oil; 1 medium onion, sliced 1/4-inch thick; 4 ounces smoked pancetta, cut into 1/4-inch cubes; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh rosemary leaves; 1 thyme sprig; 1/2 teaspoon caraway seeds; 1/2 teaspoon fennel seeds; 3/4 cup dry white wine; 3 tablespoons tomato paste; 1 cup chicken stock; 1/2 cup basic tomato sauce, recipe follows; 1 recipe basic soft polenta, recipe follows; 1 Spanish onion, cut into 1/4-inch dice; 4 cloves garlic, thinly sliced | INSTRUCTIONS: Season lamb pieces with salt and pepper. In a heavy-bottomed Dutch oven, heat olive oil over medium heat. Add lamb pieces 5 to 6 at a time and brown on all sides. Remove and repeat for all lamb. When lamb is cooked, add onions and smoked pancetta and cook until onion is softened and starting to brown, about 9 to 11 minutes. Add rosemary, thyme, caraway and fennel and stir to blend. Add wine, tomato paste, chicken stock and tomato sauce and bring to a boil. Add lamb and juices on plate and return to boil. Lower heat, cover and simmer 1 hour, or until meat is tender. Remove cover, check seasonin <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, croutons, phyllo dough, butter, Parmesan
OUTPUT: TITLE: Phyllo Croutons | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 6 sheets frozen phyllo dough, thawed; 3 tablespoons butter, melted; 1/3 cup freshly grated Parmesan | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Line a large heavy baking sheet with parchment paper. Stack the phyllo sheets on a work surface and roll up into a cylinder. Cut the rolled stacked phyllo sheets crosswise into 1/2-inch-wide sections. Unroll the phyllo sections and toss in a large bowl to separate the strips. Gradually drizzle the butter over the phyllo, tossing constantly to coat. (The phyllo strips might break up into smaller pieces.) Sprinkle the Parmesan over the phyllo and toss gently to coat. Arrange the phyllo mixture evenly over the prepared baking sheet. Bake until the mixture is cri <END>
INPUT: fish, guindilla chile guajillo, virgin olive oil, fine sea salt, wine vinegar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Broiled Fish with Garlic Oil and Dried Chile | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 dried red guindilla chile* or dried guajillo or New Mexican chile*; 4 (6-oz) red snapper fillets with skin; 1/3 cup plus 1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil; 1 teaspoon fine sea salt; 1 tablespoon red-wine vinegar; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh flat-leaf parsley; 2 garlic cloves, very thinly sliced | INSTRUCTIONS: Split open chile and discard stem and seeds. Heat a dry small heavy skillet over moderate heat until hot, then toast chile until fragrant, 5 to 10 seconds on each side. Finely chop chile. Line rack of a broiler pan with foil and lightly oil, then set aside. Preheat broiler. Pat fish dry, then brush both sides with 1 tablespoon oil (total) and sprinkle with sea salt. Broil fillets, skin sides up, about 5 inches from heat 9 minutes (skin will be browned and blistered). Turn fish over and broil until flesh is opaque (just cooked through), 1 to 2 minutes more. Transfer fish to a platter and sprink <END>
INPUT: christmas, cookies, macadamia nuts, sugar, vegetable shortening, eggs
OUTPUT: TITLE: Macadamia-Almond Christmas Cookies | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups macadamia nuts; 11/2 cups sugar; 12 tablespoons (1 1/2 sticks) unsalted butter, at room temperature; 1/2 cup vegetable shortening; 2 large eggs; 1 tablespoon vanilla extract; 1 tablespoon almond extract; 2 3/4 cups all-purpose flour; 1 1/4 teaspoons baking soda; 1/2 teaspoon fine salt; 2 cups white chocolate chips; 1 cup pistachios, roughly chopped; 1 cup dried cranberries; Nonstick cooking spray; 48 to 60 red-and-white striped chocolate kiss candies | INSTRUCTIONS: Put the macadamia nuts in a food processor and process until smooth and buttery (this should measure about 1 cup). Add the sugar, butter and shortening and pulse until blended. Add the eggs and vanilla and almond extracts and pulse until blended. Add the flour, baking soda and salt and pulse until just incorporated. Transfer the cookie dough to a medium bowl and fold in the white chocolate chips, pistachios and cranberries. Cover and refrigerate the dough for 30 minutes. Adjust the oven racks to the upper and lower thirds and preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Coat 2 baking sheets with cooking <END>
INPUT: American, frozen, cookies cream ice, heavy cream, Butter, Flour
OUTPUT: TITLE: Frozen Chocolate Cookie Cake | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 gallon cookies and cream ice cream, softened; 1 cup heavy cream; 1 (12-ounce) bag semisweet chocolate morsels; Butter, for pans; Flour, for pans; 1 (18.25-ounce) box devil's food cake mix; 1 1/2 cups water; 1/2 cup vegetable oil; 3 eggs | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Line 1 (9-inch) cake pan with plastic wrap, with 3 inches overhanging. Spread softened ice cream into lined pan in a smooth, even layer. Freeze for 3 hours, or until frozen solid. Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Butter and flour 2 (10-inch) round cake pans and set aside. In a stand mixer or with a hand mixer, beat cake mix, water, oil and eggs in a large mixing bowl on medium speed for 2 minutes, or until well blended. Using a spatula, divide batter between the 2 prepared cake pans. Bake for 25 minutes, or until a toothpick inserted into the center comes out clean <END>
INPUT: doughnuts, baking powder, baking soda, salt, cinnamon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate Glazed Cake Doughnuts | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 1/2 cups (1 pound) cake flour; 3 teaspoons baking powder; 1 teaspoon baking soda; 1 teaspoon salt; 1/2 teaspoon cinnamon; 2 eggs, room temperature; 1 cup sugar; 3 tablespoons unsalted butter*; 1 cup milk, room temperature; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; Fat for frying, such as canola oil; 1/3 cup unsalted butter; 4 ounces bittersweet chocolate; 2 cups confectioners' sugar; 1/4 cup warm water | INSTRUCTIONS: Sift together the flour, baking powder, baking soda, salt and cinnamon in a large bowl. In the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with a paddle, beat the eggs until foamy, gradually add the sugar and continue to beat until thick and yellow. Melt butter in a saucepan over low heat and combine with milk and vanilla extract. Stir the milk mixture into the egg mixture until blended. Add the dry ingredients to the wet ingredients and mix just until incorporated. Chill for 30 minutes to make it easier to roll and cut. Roll or pat the dough out on a heavily floured surface to about 1/4-inch thick, the  <END>
INPUT: sorbet, sugar, very Fuyu Hachiya, lemon juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Persimmon Sorbet | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup sugar; 2 pounds very ripe Fuyu or Hachiya persimmons; 1 tablespoon plus 1 teaspoon fresh lemon juice | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring 1 cup water and sugar to a boil, stirring until sugar is dissolved. Boil 3 minutes, then cool. Core, quarter, and, if necessary, seed persimmons. Scrape pulp from skins into a blender. Purée with lemon juice until very smooth. Add sugar syrup and blend. Chill until very cold, at least 2 hours. Freeze mixture in an ice-cream maker. (Alternatively, transfer to a shallow metal baking pan and freeze, stirring every 30 minutes, until slushy, about 2 hours.) Transfer to an airtight container and freeze. (Sorbet's consistency will remain soft.) Bring 1 cup water and sugar to a boil, stirring un <END>
INPUT: king, crepes, all purpose flour, salt, light beer, eggs, egg yolks
OUTPUT: TITLE: King Crabmeat Crepes with Bechamel Cream Gratin | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/4 cups all-purpose flour; 1 teaspoon salt; 1 cup light beer; 2 eggs; 2 egg yolks; 1 tablespoon sour cream; 1 tablespoon melted butter, plus butter for sauteing; Crabmeat Filling, recipe follows; 8 to 10 ounces cooked crabmeat or canned; 1 teaspoon shallots, finely chopped; 1/2 teaspoon dry English mustard; 1/4 teaspoon prepared horseradish; Pinch salt and pepper; 1 lemon, juiced; 1/3 cup bechamel sauce, recipe follows | INSTRUCTIONS: Sift the flour and salt into a large mixing bowl. Stir in the beer, mixing until smooth. Beat the eggs and egg yolks in a small bowl, add to the batter and whisk until smooth. Add the sour cream and melted butter. Heat a 6 inch saute pan, add a light coating of butter, and make individual crepes until the batter is used up. Fill center of each crepe with crabmeat mixture. Roll crepes up and transfer them to a shallow buttered ovenproof dish. In a mixing bowl combine the bread crumbs, oil, garlic, parsley, chives, and Parmesan. Mix well and sprinkle over the filled crepes. Bake in a preheated 4 <END>
INPUT: American, water, vine ripened tomatoes, coarse salt, two square cheesecloth
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tomato Water | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 4 pounds vine-ripened red tomatoes (about 10 medium); 1 1/2 tablespoons coarse salt; two 18-inch-square pieces cheesecloth | INSTRUCTIONS: Rinse tomatoes well under running water and quarter. In a food processor purée tomatoes with salt until smooth. Line a large sieve set over a tall nonreactive kettle with cheesecloth and carefully pour tomato purée into center of cheesecloth. Gather sides of cheesecloth up over purée to form a large sack and, without squeezing purée, gently gather together upper thirds of cheesecloth to form a neck. Carefully tie neck securely with kitchen string. Tie sack to a wooden spoon longer than diameter of kettle and remove sieve. Put spoon across top of kettle, suspending sack inside kettle and leavin <END>
INPUT: Italian, fagioli, salsicce, kosher salt, olive oil, sweet Italian sausages, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pasta e Fagioli con Salsicce (Pasta and Beans with Sausage) | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup (8 ounces) dried cannellini (white kidney) beans, picked over and rinsed; 1 tablespoon plus 1 teaspoon kosher salt, plus additional for boiling pasta; 4 tablespoons olive oil; 8 ounces sweet Italian sausages, casings removed; 1 small onion, finely chopped (about 1 1/3 cups); 10 cloves garlic, minced (about 1/4 cup); 1 sprig fresh rosemary; 4 cups chicken stock or low-sodium chicken broth; 3/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 8 ounces tubetti, ditalini, or other small tubular pasta | INSTRUCTIONS: In medium bowl, combine beans and cold water to cover by 2 inches. Cover tightly and refrigerate at least 8 hours or overnight. Drain beans. In medium saucepan over moderately high heat, combine beans, cold water to cover by 1 inch, 1 tablespoon salt, and 2 tablespoons olive oil. Bring to boil, then reduce heat to low and simmer, partially covered, until tender, about 90 minutes. Drain and set aside. In large pot over moderately high heat, bring 6 cups salted water to boil. Meanwhile, in medium saucepan over moderate heat, heat remaining 2 tablespoons olive oil until hot but not smoking. Add s <END>
INPUT: soup, cannellini, water, dice prosciutto, garlic, fennel seeds
OUTPUT: TITLE: White Bean and Escarole Soup with Spicy Polenta | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup dried cannellini (white kidney beans); 12 cups water (or more), divided; 1/2 cup 1/4-inch dice prosciutto (about 3 ounces); 1 head of garlic, cut crosswise in half; 1/2 teaspoon fennel seeds, divided; 1/8 teaspoon dried crushed red pepper; 3 tablespoons plus 1/2 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 1 cup polenta or yellow cornmeal; 8 cups coarsely chopped lightly packed escarole leaves (from 1 large head) | INSTRUCTIONS: Place beans in heavy medium saucepan and add enough cold water to cover by 3 inches. Soak overnight. Drain. Return beans to pan. Add 8 cups water and bring to boil. Reduce heat to medium-low. Simmer gently until beans are tender, stirring occasionally, about 1 hour 15 minutes. Cool beans completely in liquid. Place remaining 4 cups water, prosciutto, 1/2 garlic head, and 1/4 teaspoon fennel seeds in heavy large saucepan. Bring to boil; reduce heat and simmer 10 minutes. Strain prosciutto broth into large measuring cup, reserving solids in strainer for soup. Add enough water to prosciutto broth <END>
INPUT: relish, onions, Italian parsley, Deglet Noor dates, pine nuts, virgin olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Date Relish | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 8 green onions, thinly sliced; 1 cup chopped fresh Italian parsley; 2/3 cup chopped pitted Deglet Noor dates; 1/2 cup pine nuts, toasted; 6 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 3 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 2 teaspoons finely grated lemon peel; 2 teaspoons (about) minced seeded deveined habanero chile (from 1 chile) | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine all ingredients except habanero chile in medium bowl; toss to blend. Add chile to taste. Season relish to taste with salt. DO AHEAD: Can be made 2 hours ahead. Let stand at room temperature. Combine all ingredients except habanero chile in medium bowl; toss to blend. Add chile to taste. Season relish to taste with salt. DO AHEAD: Can be made 2 hours ahead. Let stand at room temperature. <END>
INPUT: dressing, torn bite size, bacon, unsalted butter, onions, celery
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chestnut and Bacon Dressing | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 cups torn bite-size pieces crusty country-style bread (about 1/2 pound); 6 bacon slices, chopped; 4 tablespoons unsalted butter; 2 onions, chopped; 4 celery ribs, chopped; 1 tablespoon fresh rosemary leaves, minced; 1 pound fresh chestnuts*, shelled and peeled and chopped coarse or 3/4 pound vacuum-packed whole chestnuts*, chopped coarse (about 2 cups); 1/2 cup packed fresh flat-leafed parsley leaves, washed, spun dry, and minced; 2 cupsturkey giblet stock or chicken broth; *available at specialty foods shops and some supermarkets | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 325° F. and butter a 4-quart baking dish. In a shallow baking pan arrange bread pieces in one layer and bake in middle of oven, stirring occasionally, until pale golden, about 20 minutes. Transfer bread to a large bowl. In a large skillet cook bacon over moderate heat, stirring occasionally, until crisp and transfer with a slotted spoon to bread. To fat in skillet add butter, onions, celery, and rosemary and cook over moderately low heat, stirring occasionally, until vegetables are softened. Add chestnuts and cook, stirring, 1 minute. Add mixture to bread, tossing well, and sti <END>
INPUT: broccolini, Good olive oil, Kosher salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Broccolini | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 bunches broccolini; Good olive oil; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Trim 2 inches off the ends of the broccolini stems and cut any thick stalks in half lengthwise. Place the broccolini in a single layer on two sheet pans. (If you put them on one sheet pan, the broccolini will steam rather than roast.) Drizzle each sheet pan with 2 tablespoons olive oil, sprinkle with 1 teaspoon salt and 1/2 teaspoon pepper, and toss well. Roast for 15 minutes, until the broccolini is crisp-tender. Sprinkle lightly with salt and serve hot. <END>
INPUT: French, scented, chanterelles, canola oil, chanterelle mushrooms, shallot rings, Salt pepper, tarragon leaves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tarragon Scented Chanterelles and Shallots | CUISINE: French | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons canola oil; 2 pounds fresh chanterelle mushrooms, torn apart into uniform pieces; 1/2 cup sliced shallot rings (about 6 or 8 large shallots); Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh tarragon leaves; 1 tablespoon butter | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat 1 tablespoon of canola oil in a large pan over high heat. Add 1/2 of the mushrooms and shallots in 1 layer to sear or brown them evenly. After a few moments, stir and continue to cook for about 5 minutes. Season with salt, freshly ground pepper and add half of the tarragon and the butter and stir to incorporate. Repeat this process again to keep mushrooms from cooking in their own liquid and getting too wet. Serve warm or at room temperature. <END>
INPUT: bread, Butter, all purpose flour, baking powder, baking soda, fine salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Strawberry Banana Bread | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Butter, for greasing the pan; 2 cups all-purpose flour; 1 teaspoon baking powder; 1 teaspoon baking soda; 1 teaspoon fine salt; 1 cup granulated sugar; 2 large eggs; 4 very ripe bananas, mashed (about 3 cups); 1/2 cup vegetable oil; 1 teaspoon vanilla; 3 tablespoons strawberry preserves; One 1.2-ounce package freeze-dried strawberries, finely crushed; 3/4 cup confectioners' sugar; 3 tablespoons lemon juice | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Grease an 8-by-4-inch loaf pan with butter and line the bottom and 2 sides with parchment paper. In a medium bowl, combine the flour, baking powder, baking soda and salt. In a large bowl, cream together the granulated sugar and eggs. Stir in the mashed bananas, oil and vanilla. Stir in the flour mixture a third at a time and mix until just combined. Remove 1 cup batter to a separate bowl and stir in the strawberry preserves and half of the freeze-dried strawberries. Pour the plain batter into the prepared pan, alternating occasi <END>
INPUT: based, sauces, CLASSIC butter, flour, chicken stock, Salt pepper, Classic Veloute sauce
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken Stock Based Sauces | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: CLASSIC VE1 tablespoon butter; 1 tablespoon flour; 1 cup chicken stock; Salt and freshly ground black pepper, to taste LOUTE; Classic Veloute sauce; 1/4 pound button mushrooms, cleaned, sliced thin; 1/4 cup heavy cream; Salt and pepper, to taste; 3 tablespoons butter; 1 tablespoon finely chopped shallots; Squeeze of lemon; Classic Veloute sauce; 1/4 cup heavy cream; 1 teaspoon chopped chervil; 1 teaspoon chopped parsley | INSTRUCTIONS: In a small saucepan over medium high heat melt butter. Whisk in flour and cook mixture whisking constantly until mixture boils. Add chicken stock, continuing to whisk, until chicken stock boils and sauce is emulsified, about 4 minutes. Add salt and pepper. Serve over hot chicken, potatoes. Yield: approximately 1 cup To hot Veloute sauce add mushrooms and cook, whisking, over medium heat, until mushrooms release moisture. Add heavy cream and heat to a boil. Season to taste. Serve with poached chicken. Yield: approximately 1-1/2 cups Make shallot butter: To softened butter add shallots and lemon <END>
INPUT: magic, batch Sauteed mushrooms, heavy cream, Parmesan, tarragon, bread crumbs
OUTPUT: TITLE: That Ol' Cap Magic | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 batch Sauteed mushrooms; 1/3 cup heavy cream; 1/4 cup shredded Parmesan; 1 teaspoon dried tarragon; 1 to 2 tablespoons bread crumbs; 10 large white mushroom caps; Olive oil; 1 teaspoon chopped fresh rosemary; 1 teaspoon chopped fresh thyme; 2 cloves garlic, crushed; Bread crumbs | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat oven to 350 degrees F. Combine all filling ingredients. In a large bowl, toss the mushroom caps with enough olive oil to coat the caps. Add the rosemary, thyme, and garlic and combine thoroughly. Place a roasting rack on a baking sheet. On the baking sheet, turn the mushroom caps upside down, stem side facing up. Roast the mushroom caps up to 10 minutes, or until the tip of a paring knife can be inserted into the side of the mushroom with little or no resistance. Heat broiler to high and move the oven rack up 1 level. Mound 1 tablespoon of filling into each mushroom cap, avoiding overstuf <END>
INPUT: Asian, teriyaki, marinade, soy sauce, mirin, cider vinegar, sugar, gingerroot
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pork Chops in Beer Teriyaki Marinade | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 2/3 cup soy sauce; 1/4 cup mirin (syrupy rice wine, available at Asian markets and some supermarkets) or sweet sherry; 1/4 cup cider vinegar; 1/3 cup sugar; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh gingerroot; 2/3 cup beer (not dark); six 1-inch-thick rib or loin pork chops | INSTRUCTIONS: In a saucepan combine the soy sauce, the mirin, the vinegar, the sugar, the gingerroot, and the beer, simmer the mixture until it is reduced to about 1 1/3 cups, and let the marinade cool until it is room temperature. In a shallow baking dish large enough to hold the pork chops in one layer combine the pork chops and the marinade, turning the chops to coat them thoroughly, and let the chops marinate, covered and chilled, turning them several times, overnight. Pour the marinade into a saucepan and boil it for 5 minutes. Grill the pork chops on an oiled rack set about 4 inches over glowing coals <END>
INPUT: American, buffalo, rings, Vegetable oil, eggs, milk, all purpose flour, baking powder
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spicy Buffalo Onion Rings and Blue Cheese Dip | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: Vegetable oil, for frying; 4 eggs; 5 cups 2 percent milk; 6 cups all-purpose flour; 1 tablespoon baking powder; 1 tablespoon Cajun spice mix (recommended: Paul Prudhomme's); 2 tablespoons cayenne pepper; 1 teaspoon white pepper; 2 teaspoons black pepper; 2 teaspoons dry mustard; 1 2/3 teaspoons salt; 3 extra-large yellow onions; Blue Cheese Dip, recipe follows; 1 carrot, sliced; 1 stalk celery, sliced | INSTRUCTIONS: Fill a large heavy saucepan with 2 to 3 inches of cooking oil and heat over medium-high heat. The oil temperature should be at 350 degrees F when you start frying. In a large bowl, mix the eggs and milk; then add the flour and baking powder and mix thoroughly with a hand-held mixer. Strain the mixture to remove any lumps. Add more milk if you want a thinner crust. In a small bowl, mix the Cajun spice mix, cayenne pepper, white pepper, black pepper, dry mustard, and salt. Add this spice mixture to the batter. Cut the onions into thick slabs, dunk them in the batter, and fry them, in batches, in <END>
INPUT: mores, heavy cream, semisweet chocolate, salt, vanilla extract, graham crackers
OUTPUT: TITLE: S'mores Cake | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup heavy cream; 4 ounces semisweet chocolate, finely chopped; Pinch of salt; 1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract; 8 whole graham crackers, crushed; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted; Pinch of salt; Vegetable oil, for the spatula; 1 16-ounce container marshmallow cream; Basic Chocolate Cake, baked and cooled, recipe follows; Cooking spray; 1 cup unsweetened cocoa powder (natural or Dutch process); 2 1/2 cups all-purpose flour; 2 cups sugar; 1 1/2 teaspoons baking powder | INSTRUCTIONS: Make the ganache: Heat the heavy cream, chocolate and salt in a heatproof bowl set over a saucepan of simmering water (do not let the bowl touch the water), stirring occasionally, until the chocolate melts and the ganache is smooth. Stir in the vanilla. Remove the bowl from the pan and set aside until the ganache is cool and thick but still pourable, about 1 hour. Meanwhile, make the filling: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Toss the graham cracker crumbs, melted butter and salt in a bowl until combined. Spread out on a baking sheet. Bake, stirring occasionally, until toasted, 8 to 10 minute <END>
INPUT: breasts, puree, turkey breast, turkey breast half, Kosher salt, pepper, duck fat
OUTPUT: TITLE: Duck-Fat Turkey Breasts with Green Onion Puree | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 bone-in turkey breast; turkey breast half (about 4 1/2 pounds), preferably brined; Kosher salt; freshly ground black pepper; 1/4 cup duck fat; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1 bunch thyme; 4 garlic cloves, smashed and peeled; 1/2 pound green onions, trimmed and roughly chopped; 1/2 cup low-sodium vegetable stock, preferably homemade; 2 teaspoons cream cheese, at room temperature; Kosher salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 400°F. Pat turkey breast dry with paper towels and season both sides liberally with salt and pepper. Heat a large cast-iron skillet over very high heat. Add the duck fat to the skillet. When the fat shimmers, add the turkey breast, skin-side down, and cook until dark golden brown, 3 to 5 minutes. Remove skillet from heat and remove the turkey from pan. Carefully stir the butter into the pan juices. Arrange the thyme branches in the skillet to make a bed for the turkey. Place the turkey, seared-side-up, on the thyme and sprinkle the garlic around the sides. Baste the turkey, <END>
INPUT: cassata, sponge cakes, ricotta cheese, heavy cream, sugar, vanilla
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grandma Lu's Cassata Cake | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 sponge cakes (store-bought or homemade); 16 oz. fresh ricotta cheese; 2 pints of heavy cream, whipped; 2-3 tablespoons sugar; 1 tablespoon vanilla; 2 chocolate bars; Maraschino cherries (drained) | INSTRUCTIONS: Mix ricotta, 1 pint of whipped heavy cream, sugar, and vanilla in a bowl till smooth. Add one roughly chopped chocolate bar. Fold in. Spray a large bowl with nonstick cooking spray (like Pam). Slice sponge cake into half-inch pieces. Line the bowl with one layer of cake. Follow with a layer of filling, making sure to come up to top of bowl. Continue alternating layers of cake and filling till you have reached the top of bowl. Finish with a layer of cake. Seal with plastic wrap and refrigerate overnight. Remove plastic wrap. Place a pretty cake dish on top of bowl. Invert the cake and remove bo <END>
INPUT: onions, garlic, low salt chicken, wild rice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Wild Rice Stuffing with Hazelnuts and Dried Cranberries | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup (1 stick) butter; 2 large onions, chopped; 1 garlic clove, minced; 6 3/4 cups canned low-salt chicken broth; 2 cups wild rice (about 13 ounces); 2 cups long-grain brown rice; 2 cups dried cranberries; 1/2 cup chopped fresh parsley; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh thyme; 1 1/2 cups hazelnuts, toasted, husked, coarsely chopped; 1 cup chopped green onions | INSTRUCTIONS: Melt 1/2 cup butter in heavy large pot over medium-high heat. Add onions and garlic and sauté until tender, about 4 minutes. Add chicken broth. Bring to boil. Add wild rice. Reduce heat to medium-low. Cover and simmer 30 minutes. Mix in brown rice; cover and simmer until rice is just tender and most liquid is absorbed, about 30 minutes longer. Stir cranberries, parsley and thyme into rice. Cover and cook until liquid is absorbed, about 5 minutes longer. Mix in hazelnuts and green onions. Season generously with salt and pepper. Melt 1/2 cup butter in heavy large pot over medium-high heat. Add o <END>
INPUT: salad, mango juice, flaxseed oil virgin, lemon juice, coriander powder, powder
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mango and Baby Tomato Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup mango juice; 3 tablespoons flaxseed oil or extra-virgin olive oil; 1 tablespoon lemon juice; Pinch coriander powder; Pinch clove powder; Pinch salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 tablespoons minced fresh mint; 1/4 cup minced red onion; 1 cup baby tomatoes (cherry or grape), cut in half; 1 cup ripe mango chunks; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh cilantro; Pinch salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Whisk the mango juice, oil, lemon juice, coriander, clove powder, salt, and pepper together in the bottom of a salad bowl. Add the mint, onion, tomatoes, mango, and cilantro and toss well. Taste the dressing and season again with salt, and pepper, if necessary. Let the dressing sit for 5 minutes before serving. Per Serving: Calories 140; Total Fat 10.5 grams; Saturated Fat 1 gram; Protein 1 gram; Total Carbohydrate 12 grams; Sugar: 9 grams; Fiber 2 grams; Cholesterol 0 milligrams; Sodium 150 milligrams <END>
INPUT: Indian, limes, vegetable oil, shallots, bell pepper, ginger
OUTPUT: TITLE: Thai Shrimp Halibut Curry | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 3 large limes; 1 tablespoon vegetable oil; 1 cup chopped shallots; 1 large red bell pepper, cut into 1/2-to 3/4-inch dice; 1 1/2 tablespoons minced peeled fresh ginger; 2 1/2 teaspoons Thai red curry paste (such as Thai Kitchen brand); 1 13 1/2- to 14-ounce can unsweetened coconut milk; 1 tablespoon fish sauce (such as nam pla or nuoc nam); 16 to 18 ounces halibut fillets, cut into 1 1/2-inch chunks; 8 peeled deveined uncooked large shrimp (8 to 10 ounces); 1/3 cup chopped fresh cilantro; 1/3 cup chopped fresh basil | INSTRUCTIONS: Finely grate enough peel from 2 limes to measure 1 1/2 teaspoons. Squeeze enough juice from 2 limes to measure 2 tablespoons. Cut third lime into wedges. Heat vegetable oil in large saucepan over medium-high heat. Add chopped shallots, diced red bell pepper, and minced ginger; sautè until shallots are tender and peppers soften, about 5 minutes. Stir in curry paste, coconut milk, fish sauce, 1 1/2 teaspoons lime peel, and 2 tablespoons lime juice. Simmer gently, stirring often, about 5 minutes. Sprinkle fish and shrimp with salt and pepper. Add fish and shrimp to curry sauce. Return to very gen <END>
INPUT: Mexican, granita, water, sugar, lime juice, candied mint leaves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lime Granita with Candied Mint Leaves and Crème Fraîche | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups water; 1 cup sugar; 1/2 cup fresh lime juice; candied mint leaves; 1/4 cup sugar; 12 fresh mint leaves, washed, patted dry; 1 large egg white, beaten until foamy; 1/2 cup créme fraîche or sour cream; 1 1/2 tablespoons powdered sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: For granita: Bring 2 cups water and 1 cup sugar to boil in medium saucepan, stirring until sugar dissolves. Reduce heat to medium and simmer 5 minutes. Cool syrup. Stir in lime juice. Transfer lime syrup to 11 x 7 x 2-inch glass baking dish. Cover and place in freezer. Stir every 45 minutes until frozen, about 3 hours. DO AHEAD Granita can be made 2 days ahead. Cover and keep frozen. Bring 2 cups water and 1 cup sugar to boil in medium saucepan, stirring until sugar dissolves. Reduce heat to medium and simmer 5 minutes. Cool syrup. Stir in lime juice. Transfer lime syrup to 11 x 7 x 2-inch gla <END>
INPUT: coffee, cake, light sugar, all purpose flour, cinnamon, unsalted butter, pecans
OUTPUT: TITLE: Quick Pecan Sour Cream Coffee Cake | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 cup light brown sugar, packed; 1 tablespoon all-purpose flour; 1 teaspoon cinnamon; 2 tablespoons cold unsalted butter, cut into pieces; 1 cup chopped pecans, pulsed in the food processor; 8 tablespoons (1 stick) unsalted butter, softened at room temperature; 1 cup granulated sugar; 3 eggs; 2 cups sifted all-purpose flour; 1 teaspoon baking soda; 1 teaspoon baking powder; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 1 cup sour cream; 1/2 cup golden raisins; Pecan topping, recipe above | INSTRUCTIONS: Pecan Topping: In a medium bowl, combine the brown sugar, flour, and cinnamon. Add the butter and, using your fingertips, pinch the ingredients together into a sandy, crumbly mixture. Add the pecans and mix. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees. Butter a 9 by 9-inch cake pan. In a mixer fitted with a paddle attachment (or using a hand mixer), cream the butter until smooth. With the mixer running, slowly add the sugar and mix. Add the eggs and mix until light and fluffy. Sift the flour, baking soda, baking powder, and salt together. Working in batches, add them to the butter-sugar mixture, alternati <END>
INPUT: American, three, casserole, packages Hashbrown Potato, cream chicken soup, onions, Dijon mustard
OUTPUT: TITLE: Three Onion Potato Casserole | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 large packages Hashbrown Potato patties (8) defrosted and broken apart in large mixing bowl; 1 can cream of chicken soup or cream of celery (for kosher); 1 large bunch green onions, chopped; 1/4 cup chopped onions; 1/2 cup Dijon mustard; 2 cups sour cream; 1/2 cup milk (nonfat); 1 to 2 cups cheddar or Jack cheese (for spicy, use jalapeno jack); 1 small can French Fried Onions, for topping | INSTRUCTIONS: Mix all ingredients together, except the fried onions. Put into deep casserole. Top with onions. Bake in a preheated 350 degree oven for 1 hour until golden on top. Can be made ahead a couple of days. Do not bake until ready to use. Can also be frozen. ADDENDUM TO THREE ONION POTATO CASSEROLE: To make hash-brown potatoes from scratch: Rinse potatoes. Peel potatoes and shred. Soak in water for at least a 1/2 hour to remove starch. Saute drained potatoes in butter or oil until cooked to the 3/4 point Set aside. Resume with regular recipe preparation. <END>
INPUT: Oil deep frying, peanut oil, sugar, rice wine
OUTPUT: TITLE: Crispy Shrimp or Calamari with Chinese Noodles and Spicy Garlic Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Oil for deep-frying; 2 tablespoons peanut oil; 3/4 cup (4 ounces) sliced Double-Blanched Garlic, recipe follows; 2 tablespoons sugar; 1 cup rice wine; 1/4 cup rice wine vinegar; 2 tablespoons plus 1 teaspoon dark soy sauce; 4 ounces carrots, peeled, trimmed, and cut into julienne (about 1 cup); 4 ounces haricots verts, trimmed, blanched, and refreshed (about 1 cup); 4 ounces green onions, trimmed and cut into strips (about 1 cup); 2 teaspoons Vietnamese chile sauce; 12 ounces fresh Chinese egg noodles or thin spaghetti; 1 pound large shrimp, cleaned and tails removed, or, 1 pound calamari, cleaned and cut into 1/4-inch rings; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; About 1/2 cup flour | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring a large stockpot of water to a boil. In a wok or deep, heavy saucepan, heat about 3 inches of peanut oil. (The oil must be very hot, about 375 degrees F.) Make the sauce: In a large skillet or saute pan, heat the 2 tablespoons of peanut oil. Over medium-high heat, saute the garlic just until golden, 2 to 3 minutes. Stir in the sugar and continue to saute until the garlic begins to caramelize, 1 or 2 minutes longer. Deglaze the pan with the rice wine, rice wine vinegar, and soy sauce. Add the carrots, haricots verts, and 2 ounces of the green onion, reserving 1 ounce as garnish. Stir in t <END>
INPUT: skate, wild, leek, olive oil, carrot, onion, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Skate with Wild Mushrooms in Pearl Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 small leek (white and pale green parts only), chopped; 1 tablespoon olive oil; 1 medium carrot, chopped; 1/2 medium onion, chopped; 1 garlic clove; 1/4 cup dry white wine; 2 cups water; 1 teaspoon soy sauce; 1 fresh flat-leaf parsley sprig; 1 fresh thyme sprig; 1 Turkish or 1/2 California bay leaf; 1 tablespoon crumbled dried porcini*; 1 tablespoon quick-cooking tapioca; 1/2 tablespoon unsalted butter; 1/2 tablespoon olive oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Make broth: Wash chopped leek well in a bowl of cold water, agitating it, then lift out and pat dry. Heat oil in a 3- to 4-quart heavy saucepan over moderately high heat until hot but not smoking, then sauté leek, carrot, onion, and garlic clove, stirring frequently, until vegetables are soft and well browned, about 10 minutes. Stir in wine and deglaze saucepan by boiling, stirring and scraping up any brown bits, 1 minute. Add water, soy sauce, parsley, thyme, bay leaf, and porcini and simmer, uncovered, until liquid is reduced to 3/4 cup, about 25 minutes. Pour through a fine-mesh sieve into  <END>
INPUT: casino, scallion, parsley, lemon juice, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Clams Casino | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 tablespoons (1/2 stick) butter, softened; 1 scallion, chopped; 1 1/2 tablespoons freshly minced parsley; 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice; 1/4 tablespoon salt; 24 cherrystone clams; 6 slices bacon, cooked until crisp and crumbled | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat broiler. Combine butter, scallion, parsley, lemon juice and salt in a food processor or blender. Blend until smooth, approximatly 1 minute. Shuck clams. Use a sturdy paring knife or clam knife to pry open the clam opposite its hinge. Once the knife is in, carefully move it along the top shell so you do not cut the meat in half. Once the clam is open, cut the meat off of the bottom shell, reserving as much of the juice as you can. Spoon about 1 teaspoon of butter mixture on top of each clam and top with 1 teaspoon of crumbled bacon. Broil until butter is bubbling, about 3 minutes. <END>
INPUT: Italian, wrapped, cream, lump crabmeat, butter crackers, scallions, bell pepper, mayonnaise
OUTPUT: TITLE: Bacon Wrapped Crab Stuffed Shrimp with Lemon Basil Cream | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound lump crabmeat, picked clean; 1/2 butter crackers, crushed (recommended: Ritz); 3 scallions, tops and whites finely chopped; 1/2 red bell pepper, finely chopped; 1/4 cup mayonnaise; 1 egg, beaten; 1 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce; 1 teaspoon dry mustard; 1/2 lemon, juiced; 1/4 teaspoon garlic powder; 1 teaspoon table salt; Pinch cayenne pepper; 16 large shrimp, peeled; 16 slices bacon; 2 lightly packed cups fresh basil | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven for 350 degrees F. To make the crab stuffing: Combine the crab, crackers, scallions, pepper, mayonnaise, egg, Worcestershire sauce, mustard, lemon, and garlic. Season the stuffing with salt and pepper and mix well. Set the stuffing aside. Using a paring knife, slice the shrimp down the backs and remove and discard the 'veins'. Deepen the incisions if necessary, then spoon stuffing into each shrimp. Wrap each stuffed shrimp with bacon and arrange them in a large baking dish. To make the pesto: pulse the basil, walnuts, cheese, and garlic together in a food processor (or grind i <END>
INPUT: pound, unsalted butter, sifted cake flour, baking powder, salt, light sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Brown Butter Pound Cake | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 1/4 sticks unsalted butter; 2 cups sifted cake flour (not self-rising; sift before measuring); 1 teaspoon baking powder; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/2 cup packed light brown sugar; 1/2 cup granulated sugar; 4 large eggs; 1/2 teaspoon pure vanilla extract | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 325°F with rack in middle. Butter and lightly flour an 8 1/2-by 4 1/2-inch loaf pan. Heat butter in a 10-inch heavy skillet over medium heat until milk solids on bottom are a dark chocolate brown. Transfer to a shallow bowl and chill in freezer until just congealed, about 15 minutes. Whisk together flour, baking powder, and salt. Beat together brown butter and sugars with an electric mixer until fluffy, about 2 minutes. Add eggs 1 at a time, beating well after each addition. Beat in vanilla. At low speed, mix in flour mixture until just incorporated. Transfer batter to pan, smo <END>
INPUT: frozen, plain raspberry yogurt, vanilla extract vanilla, simple syrup, chocolate covered toffee
OUTPUT: TITLE: Frozen Yogurt with Chocolate Toffee Bits | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups plain or raspberry yogurt; 1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract or 1/2 vanilla bean, split; 1 1/4 cups simple syrup (equal parts sugar and water brought to a boil and cooled); 1/2 cup chocolate covered toffee bits | INSTRUCTIONS: In a bowl, whisk together the yogurt, vanilla, and simple syrup. Chill 30 minutes, remove vanilla bean (if using) then turn in an ice cream freezer. Place in a frozen mixing bowl and fold in the chocolate covered toffee bits. Serve. <END>
INPUT: soup, vegetable oil, scallions, garlic, shelled edamame, russet potato
OUTPUT: TITLE: Edamame Soup with Mushrooms and Spinach | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons vegetable oil; 4 scallions, white and green parts separated, chopped; 2 cloves garlic, minced; 1 pound frozen shelled edamame (about 3 cups); 1 russet potato, peeled and diced (about 9 ounces); Kosher salt; 4 ounces shiitake mushrooms, thinly sliced; 1/2 cup cubed black forest ham (about 2 1/2 ounces), optional; 2 cups baby spinach; 1 to 2 tablespoons rice wine vinegar; Freshly ground pepper; Sriracha or other hot sauce, for serving | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. Heat a medium pot over medium-high heat, add 1 tablespoon oil, the scallion whites, and garlic. Cook until softened, 1 minute. Add 7 cups of water, the edamame, and potato; season with salt and cover. Once the soup boils, remove the lid and cook until the edamame and potato are tender, 15 to 20 minutes. Cool slightly and then carefully blend with an immersion until smooth (or in a traditional blender in batches). Keep warm. 2. Meanwhile, heat a medium skillet over medium-high heat, add the remaining 1 tablespoon oil, then add the mushrooms, ham, if using, and scallion greens. Cook until the <END>
INPUT: spiced, kosher salt, chili powder, pepper flakes, oregano
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spiced Edamame | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 teaspoons kosher salt; 1 teaspoon chili powder; 1/4 teaspoon red pepper flakes; 1/2 teaspoon dried oregano; 1 (1-pound) bag frozen edamame, in the pod (green soy beans) | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat the salt, chili powder, and pepper flakes in a small dry skillet over medium heat, stirring until hot and aromatic, about 3 minutes. Remove from the heat and crumble in the oregano. Boil the edamame pods in salted water until tender, about 8 minutes. Drain in a colander and pat dry. Toss the edamame pods with the chili-salt and serve warm. <END>
INPUT: American, virgin olive oil, shallots, Kosher salt, chicken livers, wild mushrooms
OUTPUT: TITLE: Crispy Chicken Breasts Stuffed with Mushrooms and Goat Cheese | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: Extra-virgin olive oil; 2 shallots, finely chopped; Kosher salt; 2 chicken livers, finely chopped; 1 pound wild mushrooms, stemmed and finely chopped (any kind you like; shiitake, oyster or cremini are great); 3/4 cup dry white wine; 4 ounces goat cheese, at room temperature; 1/2 bunch fresh chives, finely chopped; 4 boneless, skinless chicken breasts; 1 cup all-purpose flour; 2 eggs beaten with 2 tablespoons water; 1 1/2 cups panko (Japanese breadcrumbs); 1/2 cup dry white wine; 1 1/2 cups chicken stock; 1 tablespoon butter | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. For the chicken: Coat a large saute pan with olive oil, toss in the shallots, season with salt and bring the pan to a medium-high heat. Cook the shallots for 3 to 4 minutes, stirring frequently. Toss the chicken livers into the pan, stir to combine and cook for 2 minutes. Toss in the mushrooms, stir to combine and season with salt. Cook the mushrooms until they are soft and wilted, 4 to 5 minutes. Add the wine and cook, stirring frequently, until the mushroom mixture is almost dry. Remove from the heat and let cool. Transfer the cooled mushroom mixture to a mediu <END>
INPUT: bundt, bourbon, vegetable oil, cake flour, baking powder, salt, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pecan Molasses Bundt Cake with Bourbon Glaze | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Nonstick vegetable oil spray; 3 1/4 cups cake flour; 2 teaspoons baking powder; 3/4 teaspoon salt; 2 cups sugar; 1 cup (2 sticks) unsalted butter, room temperature; 4 teaspoons vanilla extract; 4 large eggs; 1 cup whole milk; 1 cup pecans, toasted, finely chopped; 1/4 cup dark corn syrup; 1/4 cup mild-flavored (light) molasses; 1/2 teaspoon baking soda; 2 teaspoons water; 1 teaspoon baking soda | INSTRUCTIONS: For cake: Preheat oven to 350°F. Spray 10-inch-diameter Bundt pan with nonstick spray; dust with flour. Sift 3 1/4 cups flour, baking powder, and salt into medium bowl. Using electric mixer, beat sugar, butter, and 2 teaspoons vanilla in large bowl until fluffy. Beat in eggs 1 at a time. Beat in flour mixture in 3 additions, alternating with milk in 2 additions. Transfer half of batter to prepared pan. Stir pecans, corn syrup, molasses, and 2 teaspoons vanilla in another medium bowl to blend. Stir in baking soda. Stir pecan mixture into remaining cake batter in bowl. Spoon pecan batter over ba <END>
INPUT: American, pops, all purpose flour, vegetable shortening, sugar, apple cider vinegar, fine salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Apple Pie Pops | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 1/2 cups all-purpose flour; 4 tablespoons cold vegetable shortening; 2 teaspoons sugar; 1 teaspoon apple cider vinegar; 1/2 teaspoon fine salt; 12 tablespoons (1 1/2 sticks) cold unsalted butter, cut into small pieces; 1/4 to 1/2 cup ice water; 1 pound mixed apples (about 3), such as Granny Smith, Gala and McIntosh; 2 tablespoons sugar; 2 teaspoons fresh lemon juice; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1 1/2 teaspoons all-purpose flour; 1/4 teaspoon ground cinnamon or apple pie spice; Pinch of fine salt; 1/4 cup sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: a 2 1/2-inch round biscuit cutter about 20 wooden ice-pop or lollipop sticks a pastry brush For the pie crust: Pulse the flour, shortening, sugar, vinegar and salt in a food processor until it looks like fine meal. Add the butter and pulse until it is in pea-size pieces. Sprinkle in 1/4 cup ice water and pulse until the dough begins to come together. Pinch the dough with your fingers; if it doesn't hold together, add up to 4 more tablespoons ice water 1 tablespoon at a time, pulsing and checking the dough after each addition. Divide the dough between 2 sheets of plastic wrap <END>
INPUT: American, vegetable oil, wine, wine vinegar, shallots
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pan-Seared Rib-Eye Steak with Béarnaise (Entrecôte Béarnaise) | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 (1 1/4-inch-thick) boneless rib-eye steaks (16 ounces each); 1 tablespoon vegetable oil; 1/4 cup dry white wine; 1/4 cup white-wine vinegar; 1/4 cup finely chopped shallots; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh tarragon, divided; 3 large egg yolks; 1 stick unsalted butter, cut into 8 pieces; 1/2 teaspoon fresh lemon juice, or to taste; Accompaniment: shoe string potatoes | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook steaks: Halve steaks crosswise, then pat dry and sprinkle all over with 1 teaspoon salt and 1/2 teaspoon pepper (total). Heat a 12-inch heavy ovenproof skillet (not nonstick) over medium heat until hot, then add oil, swirling skillet to coat bottom, and cook steaks 5 minutes per side for medium-rare. Transfer steaks to a platter and let stand, loosely covered with foil, 5 minutes. Halve steaks crosswise, then pat dry and sprinkle all over with 1 teaspoon salt and 1/2 teaspoon pepper (total). Heat a 12-inch heavy ovenproof skillet (not nonstick) over medium heat until hot, then add oil, sw <END>
INPUT: hash, skinned potatoes, bacon drippings, fennel seeds, onion, fennel bulb
OUTPUT: TITLE: Smoked Salmon Hash with Red Potatoes and Fennel | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 10 large red-skinned potatoes (about 3 pounds), each cut into 8 wedges; 5 tablespoons bacon drippings (from about 12 bacon slices); 1 1/2 teaspoons fennel seeds; 1 cup chopped onion; 1 cup chopped fennel bulb; 1 red bell pepper, cut into strips; 6 ounces thinly sliced smoked salmon, cut into strips; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh tarragon; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh dill; 1 tablespoon distilled white vinegar; 6 to 12 large eggs | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 400&;deg;F. Toss potatoes with 3 tablespoons bacon drippings and 1/2 teaspoon fennel seeds in large bowl. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Spread potatoes in single layer on heavy large baking sheet. Roast until tender, tossing occasionally, about 55 minutes. Meanwhile, heat 2 tablespoons bacon drippings in heavy large skillet over medium-high heat. Add onion, chopped fennel and 1 teaspoon fennel seeds. Sauté until vegetables are almost tender, about 7 minutes. Add bell pepper and sauté until vegetables are tender, about 5 minutes longer. Transfer vegetables to large bowl. <END>
INPUT: Italian, all purpose flour, sugar, baking powder, salt, vegetable shortening
OUTPUT: TITLE: Ricotta Pie | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups all-purpose flour; 1 tablespoon sugar; 1 teaspoon baking powder; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 1/2 cup cold vegetable shortening, cut into bits; 1 large egg, beaten lightly; 2 to 3 tablespoons ice water; 1 1/2 pounds ricotta, drained well; 3/4 cup sugar; 5 large eggs; 1 tablespoon vanilla extract; 1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1/2 cup diced candied fruit; 1/2 cup semisweet chocolate chips | INSTRUCTIONS: To make the pie crust: Into a bowl, sift the flour, sugar, baking powder, and salt. Add the shortening and blend until the mixture resembles coarse crumbs. In a bowl, whisk together the egg and 2 tablespoons of the ice water. Add the egg mixture to the flour mixture and toss to combine, adding more water, if necessary, to form a dough. Chill the dough, wrapped in plastic, until firm. On a lightly floured surface, roll out the dough into a circle 1/8-inch thick and fit it into a 9-inch pie pan. Crimp the edge, prick the bottom, and chill while making the filling. Filling: Preheat the oven to 35 <END>
INPUT: granulated sugar, packet active yeast, milk, eggs
OUTPUT: TITLE: Yeast Doughnuts | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: For the doughnuts:; 1/2 cup granulated sugar, plus a pinch; 1 1/4-ounce packet active dry yeast; 1 cup whole milk; 2 large eggs; 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, plus more for the bowl; 1 teaspoon finely grated lemon zest; 3/4 teaspoon salt; 1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract; 4 3/4 cups all-purpose flour, plus more for dusting; Cooking spray; Vegetable oil, for frying; For the glaze:; 1 1/2 cups confectioners' sugar; 3 tablespoons whole milk | INSTRUCTIONS: Make the doughnuts: Put 1/4 cup warm water (110 degrees F to 115 degrees F) in a stand mixer bowl. Add a pinch of granulated sugar, then sprinkle the yeast on top; let stand until foamy, about 10 minutes. Whisk 1/2 cup granulated sugar, the milk, eggs, 4 tablespoons melted butter, the lemon zest, salt and vanilla in a separate bowl. Add to the yeast mixture and whisk to combine. Using the dough hook on medium speed, gradually beat in the flour, scraping down the bowl as needed. Continue beating until the dough gathers around the hook, about 3 minutes. Turn out onto a clean surface and shape in <END>
INPUT: Mexican, tart, Pate Sucre, eggs, egg yolks, sugar, lemon juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Caramelized Lemon-Lime Tart | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: Pate Sucre, recipe follows; 4 whole eggs; 4 egg yolks; 1 cup plus 2 tablespoons sugar; 2/3 cup lemon juice; 2/3 cup lime juice; 2 small lemons, zested; 2 small limes, zested; 6 ounces (1 1/2 sticks) soft butter, cut into small pieces; 1 1/4 cups cake or pastry flour; 4 tablespoons sugar; 1/4 pound (1 stick) unsalted butter, chilled, cut into small pieces; 1 egg yolk; 1 tablespoon heavy cream | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Roll out the pate sucre to a circle about 1/4 inch thick and large enough to slightly overlap a 9-inch metal tart pan. Fit the dough into the pan and trim the edges. Line the bottom and sides of the shell with parchment, or coffee filter papers, or aluminum foil. Fill the lining with dried beans, rice or aluminum beans, and bake in the oven for 20 to 25 minutes. Cool and remove the beans and the lining. Return the shell to the oven and bake until golden, 5 to 10 minutes longer. In a large metal bowl, whisk together the whole eggs, egg yolks, 1 cup sugar, lemon an <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, fennel bulbs fronds, virgin olive oil, coarse kosher salt, grape tomatoes cherry, oregano
OUTPUT: TITLE: Olive Oil Roasted Tomatoes and Fennel with White Beans | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 2 large fennel bulbs with fronds attached; 3/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 2 teaspoons coarse kosher salt, divided; 2 pints grape tomatoes or cherry tomatoes; 4 large fresh oregano sprigs; 3 large garlic cloves, thinly sliced; 1/4 teaspoon dried crushed red pepper; 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 2 15-ounce cans cannellini (white kidney beans), drained | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 425°F. Chop enough fennel fronds to measure 1/2 cup. Trim fennel bulbs and cut in half vertically. Cut each bulb half ito 1/2-inch-wide wedges, leaving some ore attached to each wedge. Heat oil in large ovenproof skillet over medium-high heat until very hot, about 3 minutes. Add fennel wedges in single layer; sprinkle with 1 teaspoon coarse salt. Cook until fennel begins to brown and soften, turning occasionally, 10 to 12 minutes. Add tomatoes, oregano, garlic, and crushed red pepper; sprinkle with 1 teaspoon coarse salt and 1 teaspoon pepper. Fold together gently. Transfer ski <END>
INPUT: American, BBQ Beef Coffee, ketchup, tomatoes, tomato paste
OUTPUT: TITLE: BBQ Beef Brisket | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 (12-pound) whole beef brisket; 2 cups BBQ Beef Coffee Cure; 2 cups ketchup; 2 cups diced tomatoes; 1 tablespoon tomato paste; 1 1/3 cups distilled white vinegar; 5 tablespoons Dijon mustard; 4 teaspoons granulated garlic; 4 teaspoons kosher salt; 2 teaspoons black peppercorns, crushed; 1/2 pound brown sugar; 2/3 cups molasses | INSTRUCTIONS: Pat the brisket dry with a towel to remove any moisture. Generously rub the brisket with 1 cup of the BBQ Beef Coffee Cure , massaging all the spice into the meat; repeat with the remaining cure. The cure will soak up the liquid from the beef and form a crust. Place the meat on a large plate, cover with plastic wrap, and marinate in the refrigerator for at least 2 hours. Prepare a smoker for hot smoking. The standard cooking time for brisket is 1 hour per pound, smoked fat side up, under dry, indirect heat at a steady temperature of 225°F. Place the brisket on the center rack of the smoker and <END>
INPUT: Kosher salt, all purpose flour, garlic powder, onion powder
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fried Chicken | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 (3 to 4 pound) chicken, cut up into 10 pieces; Kosher salt; 3 cups all-purpose flour; 2 tablespoons garlic powder; 2 tablespoons onion powder; 2 tablespoons sweet paprika; 2 teaspoons cayenne; Freshly ground black pepper; 2 cups buttermilk; 2 tablespoons hot chili sauce, such as Srirachi Hot Chili Sauce; Peanut oil, for frying | INSTRUCTIONS: Put the chicken pieces into a large bowl. Cover the chicken with water by 1-inch; add 1 tablespoon of salt for each quart of water used. Cover and refrigerate at least 2 hours or overnight. In a large shallow platter, mix the flour, garlic powder, onion powder, paprika, and cayenne until well blended; season generously with salt and pepper. In another platter combine the buttermilk and hot sauce; season with salt and pepper. Drain the chicken and pat it dry. Dredge the pieces, a few at a time, in the flour mixture, then dip them into the buttermilk; dredge them again in the seasoned flour. Set <END>
INPUT: Italian, basil leaves, Yukon Gold boiling, half half, Parmesan cheese, kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Potato Basil Purée | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups fresh basil leaves, lightly packed; 2 pounds large Yukon Gold or white boiling potatoes; 1 cup half-and-half; 3/4 cup freshly grated Parmesan cheese, plus extra for serving; 2 teaspoons kosher salt; 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring a large pot of salted water to a rolling boil and fill a bowl with ice water. Add the basil leaves to the boiling water and cook for exactly 15 seconds. Remove the basil with a slotted spoon and immediately plunge the leaves into the ice water to set the bright green color. Drain and set aside. Peel the potatoes and cut them in quarters. Add the potatoes to the same pot of boiling water and return to a boil. Cook the potatoes for 20 to 25 minutes, until very tender. Drain well, return to the sauce- pan, and steam over low heat until any remaining water evaporates. In a small saucepan ove <END>
INPUT: wrapped, asparagus, virgin olive oil, salt, coarse pepper, capicola ham
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Ham Wrapped Asparagus | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 bunch large asparagus; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1 1/2 teaspoons salt; 1 1/2 teaspoons coarse ground black pepper; 1/4 pound thinly sliced capicola ham, halved | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat grill to medium. Trim asparagus approximately 1 1/2 inches from the bottoms. Slightly peel the asparagus from just below the tip to the end. Put into a large bowl and drizzle with olive oil. Season with salt and pepper and toss. Wrap the ham tightly around each asparagus stalk. Put on the grill and cook the asparagus turning frequently until slightly charred, 2 to 3 minutes. Transfer to a serving platter and serve. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, shrimp, salt, dashes Tabasco, light rum, Juice lime
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spicy Garlic Shrimp with Rum | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2 1/2 pounds large raw shrimp, peeled and deveined, with tails left on; 3/4 teaspoon salt, plus 1 teaspoon for breadcrumb mixture; 3 dashes Tabasco; 1/2 cup light rum; Juice of 1 lime; 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce; 1 teaspoon ground cumin; 4 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1/2 cup Spanish olive oil; 6 cloves garlic, finely chopped; 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 1/2 cup fine dry bread crumbs; 1 lime, quartered; 2 tablespoons finely chopped flatleaf parsley | INSTRUCTIONS: Place the shrimp in a large glass or ceramic bowl and toss with the salt and Tabasco. In a small glass bowl, combine the rum, lime juice, Worcestershire, and cumin. Whisk together and pour the mixture over the shrimp. Toss the shrimp to coat them evenly, cover the bowl and refrigerate for at least 1 hour and preferably 2. Preheat a grill or broiler to high heat. In a small saucepan heat the butter and olive oil over low heat. When the mixture is hot and foamy, add the garlic and stir for 1 or 2 minutes, until the aroma of the garlic is released. Do not allow the garlic to burn. Remove 2 tables <END>
INPUT: syrup, water, wine, sugar, strip orange zest, rosemary leaves rosemary
OUTPUT: TITLE: Honeydew in Rosemary Syrup | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup water; 1/2 cup white wine; 1/2 cup sugar; a 3-inch strip of orange zest; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh rosemary leaves plus rosemary sprigs for garnish; 1 teaspoon whole black peppercorns; 1/4 cup fresh orange juice; 4 cups melon balls cut from a honeydew melon, cantaloupe, Persian melon, or casaba, chilled | INSTRUCTIONS: In a small saucepan stir together the water, the wine, the sugar, the zest, the chopped rosemary, and the peppercorns, boil the mixture, stirring, until the sugar is dissolved, and simmer it for 4 minutes. Strain the syrup through a fine sieve set over a bowl, pressing hard on the solids, and chill it, covered, until it is cold. Stir the orange juice into the syrup, in a serving bowl toss the melon balls with the syrup, and garnish the dessert with the rosemary sprigs. In a small saucepan stir together the water, the wine, the sugar, the zest, the chopped rosemary, and the peppercorns, boil th <END>
INPUT: pacific, fennel bulb, sambuca anisette, lemon, pepper flakes, Salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pacific Halibut with Caramelized Fennel, Black Olives, Orange Zest, and Dill | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 large fennel bulb, sliced; 2 cups sambuca or anisette; 1 lemon, juiced; Pinch red pepper flakes; Salt; 1/8 teaspoon orange zest; 1/2 cup chopped kalamata olives; 1/2 tablespoon fresh chopped dill; 1 teaspoon butter; 4 (6-ounce) halibut fillets or any white fish; Freshly ground black pepper; Extra-virgin olive oil | INSTRUCTIONS: In a saute pan add the sliced fennel and the sambuca. Cook's Note: Pour the liqueur into the pan when the fire is off, as it is very flammable. Put the pan over low heat, and let the sambuca ignite. Allow the alcohol to evaporate and cook at medium heat until the liqueur begins to caramelize. At this point it will start to bubble. Add the lemon juice, red pepper flakes, salt, to taste, the orange zest, the olives, and dill. Cook for a couple of minutes, and then stir in a teaspoon of butter to give the sauce a little creaminess. Set aside. Score the fish fillets, cut them in half and season wi <END>
INPUT: beef, roast, Kosher salt, Horseradish Cream, horseradish, creme fraiche
OUTPUT: TITLE: Rib of Beef | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4-pound rib roast, with 2 ribs, preferably aged 24 days; Kosher salt; Horseradish Cream, recipe follows; 1/4 cup freshly grated horseradish; 1/4 cup creme fraiche; 1/2 lemon, juiced; Salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Let the beef sit at room temperature for about 1 hour. Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Set a large heavy skillet over high heat so it's smoking hot. Season the beef liberally with salt and sear on all sides. Transfer the beef to a rack set inside a roasting pan. Roast to medium rare; an instant read thermometer should read 145 degrees F when inserted into the deepest part. Let the roast rest before carving. Carve and serve with Horseradish Cream. Mix the horseradish, creme fraiche, and lemon juice in a bowl. Season to taste with salt and pepper. This recipe was provided by professional chef <END>
INPUT: Mexican, tacos, salsa, cherry tomatoes, cilantro, chives, mango, Juice from lime
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Fish Tacos with Mango and Tomato Salsa | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup cherry tomatoes, halved; 1/4 cup packed fresh cilantro, chopped; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh chives; 1 ripe mango, peeled, pitted and diced; Juice from 1 lime; Kosher salt; 1 1/2 pounds white-meat fish, such as mahi mahi or tilapia, cut into 4 pieces; 1 tablespoon honey; 2 teaspoons smoked paprika; 1 to 2 teaspoons chipotle chile powder or chili powder, depending on your taste; 1/2 teaspoon garlic powder; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; Olive oil, for rubbing; 6 to 8 corn or flour tortillas, warmed; 1 ripe but firm avocado, peeled, pitted and diced | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. For the mango and tomato salsa: In a bowl, combine the tomatoes, cilantro, chives, mango, lime juice and salt to taste. Adjust spiciness as desired. For the tacos: Place a large cast-iron skillet or grill pan over high heat, or preheat a grill for cooking over high heat. Place the fish on a plate and drizzle with the honey. Sprinkle with the paprika, chili powder, garlic powder and some salt and pepper. Rub the fish with olive oil to coat. Once the skillet is hot, add the fish and cook to your desired doneness, around 4 minutes per side. Remove from the heat and  <END>
INPUT: salad, crayfish tails, smoked whitefish, mixed greens, haricots verts, wine vinegar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Smoked Whitefish and Crayfish Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 24 crayfish tails, cooked; 1 cup smoked whitefish, meat only, flaked; 3/4 cup chopped mixed greens; 20 haricots verts (French green beans), trimmed, blanched; 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar; 1 tablespoon horseradish; 1 tablespoon chopped dill; 1/4 cup diced red onion; 1/2 cup low-fat sour cream; 1/2 cup non-fat yogurt; Salt and black pepper; 1/2 cup diced celery; 1 cup English cucumbers, peeled and sliced into half moons | INSTRUCTIONS: To blanch the haricots verts, add beans to boiling, salted water for 20 seconds. Remove beans from boiling water and add to ice water to preserve coloring and prevent further cooking. In a mixing bowl, combine the red wine vinegar, horseradish, dill, red onion, sour cream, and yogurt. Season with salt and pepper, to taste, and set aside. In separate bowl, fold together the celery, cucumbers, haricots verts, crayfish, and whitefish. Combine the dressing with the crayfish vegetable mixture. Fold in mixed greens, season, and serve. <END>
INPUT: breasts, saffron threads, butter, virgin olive oil, chicken breast halves, Italian parsley
OUTPUT: TITLE: Saffron Chicken Breasts with English Pea Purée, Pea Shoots, and Mint | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 teaspoon saffron threads; 3 tablespoons butter, room temperature; 4 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, divided; 6 large boneless chicken breast halves with skin; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh Italian parsley; 1 tablespoon (scant) finely grated lemon peel; 3 teaspoons fresh thyme leaves, divided; 2 1/2 cups sliced green onions, white and green parts separated; 6 cups loosely packed fresh pea shoots or pea sprouts (about 4 ounces); 1 tablespoon water; 1/4 cup torn fresh mint leaves; 2 teaspoons fresh lemon juice; English Pea Puree | INSTRUCTIONS: Stir saffron threads in dry skillet over medium-low heat just until brittle and slightly darkened, being careful not to burn saffron, about 20 seconds. Transfer saffron to mortar and grind with pestle to fine powder. Mix butter and half of ground saffron in small bowl to blend; cover and refrigerate. Add 2 tablespoons oil to remaining saffron in mortar, scraping sides and bottom of mortar with rubber spatula to blend well. Place chicken breasts in large bowl. Add saffron oil, parsley, lemon peel, and 2 teaspoons thyme leaves; toss to coat chicken. Cover and refrigerate at least 4 hours or over <END>
INPUT: cubes, Madagascar vanilla beans, sugar, pure Madagascar vanilla
OUTPUT: TITLE: Vanilla Bean Sugar Cubes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 Madagascar vanilla beans; 3 cups white sugar; 1/4 cup pure Madagascar vanilla extract | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 275 degrees F. Cut the 4 vanilla beans into 1/2-inch pieces and grind to a coarse powder in a coffee grinder. In a large bowl, mix the sugar, vanilla bean powder and extract until thoroughly combined (when the extract is completely incorporated the mixture will look a bit like dough). Pour the sugar mixture into an 8 by 8-inch pan and spread out evenly to a 1/2-inch thickness. Next, use a knife to score out 1/2-inch by 1/2-inch cubes by running the knife the length of the pan every 1/2-inch and the width of the pan every 1/2-inch. Bake for 1 1/2 hours. Remove the pan from o <END>
INPUT: pears, lemon juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Brown Sugar Pears | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup (1/2 stick) unsalted butter; 1/2 cup (packed) golden brown sugar; 4 large firm but ripe pears (about 1 1/2 pounds), peeled, halved, cored, each half cut lengthwise into 6 slices; 4 teaspoons fresh lemon juice | INSTRUCTIONS: Melt butter in large nonstick skillet over medium-high heat. Add brown sugar; stir 1 minute. Add pear slices and lemon juice; cook until pears begin to release juice and syrup forms in skillet, turning pear slices frequently, about 3 minutes. (Can be made 2 hours ahead. Let stand at room temperature. Rewarm before using.) Melt butter in large nonstick skillet over medium-high heat. Add brown sugar; stir 1 minute. Add pear slices and lemon juice; cook until pears begin to release juice and syrup forms in skillet, turning pear slices frequently, about 3 minutes. (Can be made 2 hours ahead. Let s <END>
INPUT: Mexican, chalupas, vegetable oil, masa, all purpose, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chalupas with Chorizo | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: Nonstick vegetable oil spray; 3/4 cup plus 2 tablespoons masa (corn tortilla mix)*; 3/4 cup plus 2 tablespoons all purpose; 3/4 teaspoon salt; 1/4 cup (1/2 stick) unsalted butter, cut into 1/2-inch cubes, room temperature; 3 tablespoons solid vegetable shortening, room temperature; 1/4 cup (or more) warm water; 2 teaspoons canola oil; 1/2 cup minced onion; 12 ounces fresh Mexican chorizo sausage, casings removed; 1/4 cup water; 2 heaping tablespoons tomato paste; Purchased tomato salsa; Purchased salsa verde (green tomatillo salsa); 1 avocado, peeled, pitted, cut into 1/4-inch cubes | INSTRUCTIONS: For crust: Spray three 12-cup mini muffin pans with nonstick spray. Preheat oven to 350°F. Combine masa, flour, and 3/4 teaspoon salt in processor; using on/off turns, process to blend. Add butter. Add shortening by rounded teaspoonfuls. Using on/off turns, process until mixture resembles coarse meal. Add 1/4 cup warm water and process just until moist clumps form, adding more water by teaspoonfuls if dry. Transfer dough to work surface; form into ball. Roll scant tablespoonful dough between palms into 1-inch round. Flatten into disk, then press onto bottom and up sides of 1 muffin cup, keepin <END>
INPUT: grapeseed oil, shallot, brussels sprouts, shelled unsalted natural, lemon juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sauteed Brussels Sprouts with Lemon and Pistachios | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons grapeseed oil; 1 tablespoon minced shallot; 12 large brussels sprouts (about 1 1/2 pounds), trimmed, leaves separated from cores (about 8 cups), cores discarded; 3/4 cup shelled unsalted natural pistachios; 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat oil in large nonstick skillet over medium-high heat. Add shallot and stir 20 seconds. Add Brussels sprout leaves and pistachios, and sauté until leaves begin to soften but are still bright green, about 3 minutes. Drizzle lemon juice over. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Transfer to bowl and serve. Heat oil in large nonstick skillet over medium-high heat. Add shallot and stir 20 seconds. Add Brussels sprout leaves and pistachios, and sauté until leaves begin to soften but are still bright green, about 3 minutes. Drizzle lemon juice over. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Transfer <END>
INPUT: American, chimichurri, grapeseed oil, parsley, sherry vinegar, jalapenos, chile flakes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chimichurri Steak | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cups grapeseed oil; 1/2 cup chopped fresh parsley; 1 tablespoon sherry vinegar; 2 teaspoons diced seeded jalapenos; 1 teaspoon red chile flakes; 2 cloves garlic, minced; Juice of 2 limes; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 5 pounds skirt steak; Roasted carrots and yucca, for serving, optional | INSTRUCTIONS: In a bowl, whisk together the grapeseed oil, parsley, vinegar, jalapenos, chile flakes, garlic, lime juice and 2 teaspoons each salt and pepper. Set aside 1/2 cup of the chimichurri sauce for marinating the steak; reserve the remaining sauce for serving. Tenderize the skirt steak by pounding it lightly. Sprinkle the steak with kosher salt and black pepper, keeping in mind that there is salt and pepper in the marinade. Transfer to a bowl or dish and add the 1/2 cup chimichurri sauce. Marinate, refrigerated, at least 10 hours or overnight. When ready to cook the steak, heat a grill or saute pan  <END>
INPUT: Asian, baby, flavors, broccoli flowerets, soy sauce, sea scallops, olive oil, chicken stock
OUTPUT: TITLE: Scallops and Baby Clams with Broccoli, Ginger and Soy Sauce Flavors | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup small broccoli flowerets; 1 tablespoon soy sauce; 2 ounces large sea scallops, about 3 pieces; 1 tablespoon olive oil; 1/2 cup chicken stock; 1 tablespoon fresh ginger juice, or 1/2 teaspoon grated ginger; 8 live New Zealand littleneck clams -- wild edibles; Sea salt to taste | INSTRUCTIONS: Rinse the broccoli under cold, running water and place, still wet, in a small soup bowl. Season with the soy sauce. Cover with a wet paper towel and microwave on high for 3 minutes. Remove from the oven and uncover. Meanwhile, lightly sear the scallops on high heat in a small saute pan with the olive oil, about 2 minutes. Add the broccoli, chicken stock, ginger juice or grated ginger and the clams. Season with a pinch of sea salt. Cover and continue cooking for 2 minutes or until the clams have opened. Serve immediately. <END>
INPUT: jerk, cider vinegar, dark rum, firmly dark sugar, scallions, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Jerk Chicken | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/3 cup cider vinegar; 1/4 cup dark rum; 3 tablespoons firmly packed dark brown sugar; 1 bunch scallions (white and green parts), roughly chopped; 4 cloves garlic, chopped; 1 Scotch bonnet chile, stemmed, seeded, and minced; 2 tablespoons Pickapeppa sauce (see Cook's Note); 1 tablespoon freshly grated peeled ginger; 1 tablespoon ground allspice; 1/4 teaspoon pumpkin pie spice; 3 tablespoons vegetable oil; 4 chicken halves (about 6 pounds) | INSTRUCTIONS: Pulse the vinegar, rum, brown sugar, scallions, garlic, chile, Pickapeppa sauce, ginger, allspice and pumpkin pie spice in a food processor to make a slightly chunky sauce. Heat the oil in a medium skillet and cook the sauce over medium heat, stirring, until the oil is absorbed and the sauce thickens slightly, about 3 minutes. Cool. Rub the jerk paste all over the chicken halves, cover, and refrigerate for 2 to 24 hours. Prepare an outdoor grill with a medium-high fire for both direct and indirect grilling. Position a drip pan under the grate on indirect side. Place the chicken, skin side down <END>
INPUT: meuniere, all purpose flour, fines herbes, salt salt taste, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sole Meuniere | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 (4-ounce) sole fillets; 4 tablespoons all-purpose flour; 2 tablespoons fines herbes (equal parts chopped chives, chervil, parsley, and tarragon); 1/2 teaspoon salt plus salt to taste; 1/2 teaspoon ground pepper; 1/2 stick (1/4 cup) plus 1 tablespoon unsalted butter; 1 1/2 teaspoons fresh lemon juice | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine flour, 1 tablespoon fines herbes, and 1/4 teaspoon salt. Season fish with salt and pepper and dredge in flour to coat, shaking off excess. In a large non-stick skillet heat 1 tablespoon butter over moderately high heat until foam subsides and cook fish 3 minutes each side, or until just cooked through. Reduce heat to moderately low. Cut remaining butter into pieces and add to skillet. Simmer butter until golden brown with a nutty aroma, about 5 minutes. Remove skillet from heat and immediately add lemon juice, salt, remaining herbs and pepper to taste, swirling skillet to incorporate ( <END>
INPUT: crust, Salt pepper, Dijon mustard, mushroom, rosemary
OUTPUT: TITLE: Rib Roast with Mushroom Crust | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 (3 rib) prime rib beef roast (about 6 pounds); Salt and freshly ground pepper; 3 tablespoons Dijon mustard; 1 cup dried mushroom, finely ground; 15 sprigs fresh rosemary; 15 sprigs fresh thyme; 3 shallots, halved; 1 head garlic, halved; 3 tablespoons olive oil; 2 cups veal stock; 3 tablespoons olive oil; 1 shallot, finely chopped; 1 cup mixed mushrooms, such as oyster and shiitake, coarsely chopped; 2 cups veal stock; 2 tablespoons butter, cubed | INSTRUCTIONS: Try Chuck's mouthwatering mushroom-crusted rib roast, a perfect Sunday family dinner. Preheat the oven to 500 degrees F. For the rib roast: Sprinkle the roast with salt and pepper. Coat with the Dijon mustard. Set aside about 1 tablespoon of the ground mushroom powder for the sauce. Press the remaining powder on the meat to make a crust. In a heavy oven-proof pan, lay the roast, bone-side down, on a bed of rosemary, thyme, shallots and garlic. Drizzle with the olive oil. Add the veal stock to the pan. Put the pan in the oven and cook the beef for 15 minutes. Reduce the heat to 325 degrees F an <END>
INPUT: Italian, bruschettas, baguette, olive oil, tomatoes, basil
OUTPUT: TITLE: 2 Tomato Basil Bruschettas | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 thick baguette, about 22-inches long, end trimmed, loaf angle cut into 36 1/2-inch slices; 1/3 cup olive oil; 2 large ripe tomatoes, about 1 pound total, trimmed, seeded and diced (1/4-inch); 1/4 cup finely chopped fresh basil; 2 tablespoons drained small (nonpareil) capers; 1 tablespoon cold pressed extra virgin olive oil; 1 tablespoon minced lemon zest; 2 garlic cloves, peeled and crushed through a press; Salt and freshly ground pepper; 2 large ripe yellow tomatoes, (1 pound), trimmed, seeded and diced (1/4-inch); 3 ounces smoked mozzarella, diced (1/4-inch), at room temperature; 1/4 cup chopped drained pimento stuffed green olives; 1/4 cup chopped fennel bulb; 1/4 cup finely chopped fresh basil; 1 tablespoon cold pressed extra virgin olive oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Adjust the seasoning on both tomato mixtures. Serve them, accompanied by the grilled bread slices, letting guests top their bruschettas to taste.; <END>
INPUT: flan, skinned sweet potato, sugar, water, half half, eggs
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sweet Potato Flan | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 large red-skinned sweet potato (yam; about 12 ounces); 1 cup sugar, divided; 2 tablespoons water; 1 cup half and half; 4 large eggs; 1/2 cup whipping cream; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 2 tablespoons tawny Port | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350°F. Pierce sweet potato with fork; roast until tender, 1 to 1 1/2 hours, depending on width of potato. Cool. Cut potato in half and scoop flesh into mini processor; puree until smooth. Measure 1 cup puree (reserve any remaining puree for another use). Maintain oven temperature. Stir 1/2 cup sugar and 2 tablespoons water in medium saucepan over medium-low heat until sugar dissolves. Increase heat to high and boil without stirring until syrup turns deep amber, occasionally swirling pan and brushing down sides with wet pastry brush, about 5 minutes. Immediately pour caramel int <END>
INPUT: roast, well trimmed racks, marionberry boysenberry jam, Dijon mustard, pecans, Italian parsley
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roast Lamb with Marionberry-Pecan Crust | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 well-trimmed racks of lamb (each about 1 1/4 pounds); 6 tablespoons marionberry or boysenberry jam; 1/4 cup Dijon mustard; 3/4 cup finely chopped pecans; 6 tablespoons minced fresh Italian parsley; 3/4 cup fresh breadcrumbs made from crustless French bread; 4 tablespoons (1/2 stick) butter,melted | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 425°F. Sprinkle lamb with salt and pepper. Combine jam and Dijon mustard in small bowl; whisk to blend. Mix pecans, Italian parsley, and fresh breadcrumbs in another small bowl to blend. Spread half of mustard glaze over rounded side of each lamb rack. Pat half of breadcrumb mixture over mustard glaze on each. Drizzle each with 2 tablespoons melted butter. Transfer lamb to large rimmed baking sheet. Roast until breadcrumb topping is golden and thermometer inserted into lamb registers 130°F for medium-rare, about 30 minutes. Cut racks between bones into individual chps and serve <END>
INPUT: pork chops, wine vermouth, celery leaves, bay leaves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pork Chops with Apples | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 medium pork chops (you can substitute veal chops if you prefer); 4 whole cloves; 1/2 cup dry white wine or vermouth; 4 celery leaves; 2 bay leaves; 4 celery stalks, washed and finely diced; 1 tablespoon butter; 2 apples, cored and coarsely sliced; 1 tablespoon brown sugar; 4 ounces Swiss or Jarlsberg cheese, coarsely grated | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. Preheat the oven to 375 degrees. Butter a baking pan and place the pork chops in it. 2. Press a clove into each chop. Add the white wine, celery leaves, and bay leaves and put the pan in the preheated oven. Bake the chops for 30 minutes. 3. While the pork chops are baking, in a frying pan sauté the diced celery in the butter or 5 minutes, and then add the sliced apples and sprinkle with the brown sugar. Continue cooking over very low heat for 10 minutes, or until the apples are tender but not mushy. 4. Finish the pork chops by removing the bay and celery leaves and sprinkling the cheese ove <END>
INPUT: olive oil, garlic, capers, cored tomatoes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled or Broiled Chicken Cutlets with Capers and Tomatoes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 boneless, skinless chicken cutlets (2 whole breasts), 1 to 1 1/2 pounds, rinsed and patted dry; 3 tablespoons olive oil; 1 tablespoon minced garlic; 2 tablespoons capers; 2 cups cored and chopped fresh or drained canned tomatoes; Coarse salt and freshly ground pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Start a charcoal or wood fire or heat a gas grill or broiler. The fire should not be too hot, but the rack should be fairly close to the heat source, 4 inches or less. If necessary, you can pound the chicken slices lightly between 2 pieces of waxed paper so that they are of uniform thickness. Rub the chicken with 1 tablespoon olive oil. While the grill is heating, heat remaining 2 tablespoons olive oil in a medium to large skillet over medium heat. Add garlic and cook, stirring, until it colors lightly. Add capers and cook for 15 seconds. Add tomatoes and cook over medium-high heat until thick <END>
INPUT: Mexican, shots, lager beer, packets unflavored gelatin, granulated sugar, heavy cream, confectioners' sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Beer Gelatin Shots | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups lager beer; 2 packets unflavored gelatin powder (about 4 1/2 teaspoons); 1/4 cup granulated sugar; 1/3 cup heavy cream; 2 teaspoons confectioners' sugar; 2 tablespoons tequila; 1 teaspoon grated lime zest, plus 16 small lime wedges, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Special equipment: 16 shot glasses Pour 1/2 cup of the beer in a medium bowl. Sprinkle the gelatin over the beer and let it dissolve, about 1 minute. Combine the granulated sugar and remaining 1 1/2 cups beer in a small saucepan. Heat over low heat until the sugar dissolves and the liquid is steaming but not boiling. Pour over the dissolved gelatin and stir to melt the gelatin completely. Strain the mixture into a spouted measuring cup and pour into 16 shot glasses. Refrigerate until set, about 2 hours. When ready to serve, whip the cream and confectioners' sugar <END>
INPUT: sauce, raspberries, lemon juice, raspberry liqueur, granulated sugar, heavy cream
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Peaches with Raspberry Sauce and Lemon Cream | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 cups fresh raspberries; 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice; 1 tablespoon raspberry liqueur; 4 tablespoons granulated sugar; 1 cup cold heavy cream; 1 tablespoon superfine sugar; 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice; 2 teaspoons finely grated lemon zest; 6 large peaches; 6 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1/4 cup granulated sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: To make the raspberry sauce: In a food processor puree the raspberries. Add the lemon juice, raspberry liqueur, and sugar. Stir or whisk until sugar dissolves. To make the lemon cream: In a mixing bowl mix together the cream and sugar. Whip at high speed until soft peaks form. Add the lemon juice and grated lemon zest and continue whipping until stiff peaks form. Set aside in the refrigerator while you grill the peaches. To make the peaches: Halve and pit the peaches, set aside. In a small pan over medium heat melt the butter, then add the sugar and stir until sugar is dissolved. Remove from h <END>
INPUT: galettes, canola oil, unsalted butter, mushrooms, shallots, thyme
OUTPUT: TITLE: Potato-Mushroom Galettes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 teaspoon canola oil; 1 teaspoon unsalted butter; 4 cups sliced mushrooms; 2 small shallots, minced; 3 sprigs fresh thyme; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 3 large russet potatoes, peeled and sliced lengthwise into paper-thin slices; 1 tablespoon olive oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Warm the canola oil and butter in large saute pan over medium heat. Add the mushrooms and cook slowly, stirring frequently, for 5 minutes, or until the mushrooms release their juices. Continue cooking until all their moisture evaporates. Add the shallots and cook for 3 minutes. Strip the leaves from the thyme sprigs and add to the pan; discard the stems. Season with the salt and pepper. Remove from heat. Place the potatoes in a large bowl. Drizzle with the olive oil and toss until well coated. Place 2 medium nonstick saute pans over medium heat. Place 1 potato slice in the center of each pan.  <END>
INPUT: biscotti, shelled pistachios, vanilla extract, kosher salt, eggs egg yolk
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate-Pistachio Biscotti | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cups shelled pistachios; 1/2 stick (4 tablespoons) unsalted butter, melted; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; 1/4 teaspoon kosher salt; 3 large eggs plus 1 large egg yolk; 3 cups all-purpose flour, plus more as needed; 1 1/3 cups sugar; 2 teaspoons baking powder; 1 1/4 cups chocolate chips | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F and line 2 baking sheets with parchment paper; set aside. Place the pistachios on a rimmed baking sheet and toast in the oven, shaking the baking sheet occasionally, until fragrant, about 10 minutes. Remove to a cutting board and allow to cool slightly. Roughly chop, then cool completely. In a mixer, beat together the butter, vanilla, salt, eggs and egg yolk. Add the flour, sugar and baking powder and mix on low until a rough dough begins to form. Add the pistachios and chocolate chips and continue to mix. If the dough seems dry, add some cold water a teaspoon <END>
INPUT: ruby port, wine, sugar, star anise, cinnamon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Red Wine and Port Poached Pears with Mascarpone | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cups ruby port; 1 1/2 cups red wine; 1 1/4 cups sugar; 2 star anise; 2 cinnamon sticks; 1 bundle thyme; 1 lemon, zested, not grated, but in big strips for easy removal; 1/2 vanilla bean, split and seeds scraped; 3 Bosc pears, peeled, halved and cored; 1 pint mascarpone cheese, at room temperature; 1/4 pound block semisweet or dark chocolate, to shave with a vegetable peeler | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large saucepan combine the port, wine, 1 cup of the sugar, star anise, cinnamon, thyme, lemon zest, the vanilla bean and seeds. Bring to a boil, then reduce the heat and simmer for 15 minutes. Add the pears and simmer until the pears are cooked through, about 25 to 30 minutes. Turn off the heat and let cool in the poaching liquid. Before serving, remove the pears from their poaching liquid and reduce the liquid to a syrup. Strain into a small bowl. Combine the mascarpone and remaining sugar in a small bowl. Dollop a small amount of the mascarpone on each plate and arrange a pear half on t <END>
INPUT: cupcakes, carrots, pineapple, eggs, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Carrot Cupcakes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound carrots, peeled; 1/2 cup crushed pineapple, drained of excess juice; 4 large eggs; 1 1/2 cups sugar; 2/3 cup brown sugar; 1 cup oil; 2 teaspoons vanilla extract; Zest of 1 orange; 2 1/4 cups all-purpose flour; 1 1/2 teaspoons baking powder; 1 teaspoon baking soda; 3/4 teaspoon salt; 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1/2 teaspoon ground ginger; 1/4 teaspoon ground nutmeg | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Prepare muffin tins with papers. To mix the carrot cake: Grate the carrots using the grater attachment on a food processor. Then chop them into smaller pieces with the medal blade attachment in the food processor, so the texture of the cake will be finer. Before measuring the pineapple, press it through a strainer to get rid of the excess juice. In a large bowl, whisk together the eggs, sugar, brown sugar, oil, vanilla extract, and orange zest. In a separate bowl, mix together the flour, baking powder, baking soda, salt, and spices with a whisk. Add the dry ingredi <END>
INPUT: house, Italian salad dressing, ale style beer, Dijon mustard, malt vinegar, olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Potato and Green Bean Salad with Ale House Dressing | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon Italian salad dressing mix; 1/4 cup ale style beer; 2 teaspoons Dijon mustard; 2 tablespoons malt vinegar; 3 tablespoons olive oil; Salt; 1 (12-ounce) bag frozen green beans, thawed (recommended: C and W); 1 (16-ounce) bag seasoned diced potatoes (recommended: Reser's); 1 1/2 cups cherry tomatoes, cut in 1/2; 1/4 cup real crumbled bacon | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine salad dressing mix, beer, mustard, vinegar and olive oil in a jar or container with a lid. Shake vigorously; set aside. Bring a medium pot of water to a boil. Add salt and 12 ounces cleaned green beans and blanch for 3 minutes. Strain and cool in an ice bath. Combine potatoes, green beans, tomatoes, and bacon. Toss with dressing and serve. <END>
INPUT: nicoise, salad, chicken breasts, pineapple juice, vegetable oil, Jerusalem artichokes, Salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Jerusalem Artichoke Nicoise Salad with Roasted Chicken | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 bone-in chicken breasts, with skin; 2 cups pineapple juice; 1 tablespoon vegetable oil; 1 pound Jerusalem artichokes, sliced 1/4 to 1/2-inch thick; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1/2 pound green beans, trimmed and blanched in salted water; 3 ripe tomatoes, cut into large dice; 1/2 small red onion, julienned; 1/3 cup kalamata olives; 4 eggs, hard-boiled, peeled and quartered; 3 tablespoons olive oil; Juice of 1/2 lemon; Salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: For the roasted Jerusalem artichokes and chicken breast: Place the chicken and pineapple juice in a baking dish. Marinate for a minimum of 30 minutes in the refrigerator, or a maximum of 24 hours. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Heat the oil in large cast-iron pan over medium to high heat. Once the oil is hot, add the Jerusalem artichokes to the pan and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Cook the Jerusalem artichokes until golden brown, about 3 minutes. Turn the Jerusalem artichokes over and cook until golden brown, about 3 minutes. Remove from the pan and set aside. Add the chicken to same hot <END>
INPUT: sambal, quince, salt, onion, chilli
OUTPUT: TITLE: Quince Sambal | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 ripe quince; salt; 1 small onion, grated; 2 ml (1/2 teaspoon) crushed garlic; 1 small red or green chilli, sliced, seeded and finely chopped; 30 ml (2 tablespoons) sugar; 30 ml (2 tablespoons) lemon juice | INSTRUCTIONS: Peel and core the quince, and grate coarsely or slice into the finest slivers. Pile in a bowl, sprinkle with salt and set aside for 1-2 hours. Rinse under cold running water, drain well, and dry thoroughly with a clean tea towel. Mix with the remaining ingredients, cover and chill until required. Peel and core the quince, and grate coarsely or slice into the finest slivers. Pile in a bowl, sprinkle with salt and set aside for 1-2 hours. Rinse under cold running water, drain well, and dry thoroughly with a clean tea towel. Mix with the remaining ingredients, cover and chill until required. <END>
INPUT: brandied, Bosc Bartlett pears, light sugar, unsalted butter, water, brandy
OUTPUT: TITLE: Brandied Baked Pears | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 firm Bosc or Bartlett pears; 1/4 cup packed light brown sugar; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1/2 cup water; 1/4 cup plus 1 teaspoon brandy; 1/4 cup chilled heavy cream; Special equipment: a melon-ball cutter | INSTRUCTIONS: Put oven rack in middle position and preheat oven to 450°F. Peel and halve pears, leaving stems intact, then core with melon-ball cutter and toss with brown sugar in a large bowl. Melt butter in a 3-quart shallow baking dish in oven, about 1 minute, then add pears, turning to coat with butter. Add water to dish and bake pears, turning over occasionally, until tender and edges are caramelized, 30 to 50 minutes, depending on ripeness of pears. Transfer pears with a slotted spoon to a plate, then add 1/4 cup brandy to baking dish and stir with a heatproof rubber spatula to dissolve any caramelize <END>
INPUT: vegetable oil, onion, poblano chiles, garlic, kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Poblano Rice | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons vegetable oil, divided; 1/2 medium white onion, chopped; 2 poblano chiles, stemmed, seeded and chopped; 1 clove garlic, peeled and roughly chopped; 3/4 teaspoon kosher salt; 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 1 cup chicken broth, plus more if needed; 1 cup long grain rice | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat 2 tablespoons oil in a medium, heavy nonstick skillet over medium heat. Add the onions and saute until translucent, about 3 minutes. Add the poblano chiles and saute, about 8 minutes. Mix in the garlic and cook until fragrant, about 1 minute. Season with the salt and pepper. Add 1 cup broth and bring to a boil. Turn off the heat and let cool. Transfer the mixture to a blender and process until smooth, about 1 minute. Measure the liquid yield from the blender, adding more chicken broth if necessary to yield 2 total cups of poblano liquid. Adjust seasoning to taste. Meanwhile, clean the ski <END>
INPUT: vegetables, olive oil, unsalted butter, Fuji apples, lemon zest, cinnamon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Braised Cinnamon Apples with Sauteed Julienne Vegetables | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons olive oil; 1 tablespoon unsalted butter; 3 Fuji apples, peeled, cored, and seeded, sliced thin; 1/4 teaspoon lemon zest; 1 stick cinnamon; 1 teaspoon lemon juice; 3/4 cup fresh apple cider; 1 small zucchini, seeds removed, cut julienne; 1 small stalk celery, cut julienne; 1 small leek, green removed, cut julienne; 1/2 red pepper, seeds removed, cut julienne; 1 teaspoon picked thyme leaves; Salt and freshly ground pepper; Opal and green basil, julienned, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Heat 1 tablespoon oil and butter in a large saute pan over medium high heat. Allow butter to brown. Add sliced apples and saute until lightly browned. Add lemon zest and toss to distribute. Add the cinnamon stick and deglaze with the lemon juice and apple cider. Place in oven and cook until the juice has all but completely reduced, 10 minutes. Remove from oven and set aside. In a second large saute pan heat the remaining 2 tablespoons oil over high heat. Add all the vegetables and cook until browned and caramelized. Then add thyme and season to taste. Combine veg <END>
INPUT: spiced, soup, fennel bulb, butternut squash, onion, anise seeds, unsalted butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Anise-Spiced Squash Soup with Fennel Chips | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 large fennel bulb (sometimes called anise; 1 pound), trimmed and bulb cut into 1/2-inch pieces; 3-pound butternut squash, peeled, seeded, and cut into 1/2-inch pieces; 1 medium onion, chopped; 1/4 teaspoon anise seeds; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 5 cups water; 1 cup water; 1/2 cup sugar; 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 1 small fennel bulb (1/2 pound), trimmed; Special equipment: Silpat or Exopat nonstick reusable baking-sheet liner*; sour cream | INSTRUCTIONS: Make soup: Cook fennel, squash, onion, and anise seeds in butter in a 6- to 8-quart pot over moderate heat, covered, stirring occasionally, 15 minutes. Add water and simmer, covered, until squash is very tender, 25 to 30 minutes. Purée soup in batches in a blender (use caution when blending hot liquids) and season with salt and pepper. Cook fennel, squash, onion, and anise seeds in butter in a 6- to 8-quart pot over moderate heat, covered, stirring occasionally, 15 minutes. Add water and simmer, covered, until squash is very tender, 25 to 30 minutes. Purée soup in batches in a blender (use cau <END>
INPUT: Italian, carbonara, bacon, pancetta, cinnamon, whipping cream, Parmesan
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cinnamon-Pancetta Carbonara | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 4 slices bacon, chopped; 4 slices pancetta, chopped; 1/4 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 2 cups whipping cream; 1 1/2 cups freshly grated Parmesan; 6 large egg yolks; 18 ounces fresh fettuccine; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh chives | INSTRUCTIONS: Saute the bacon and pancetta in a heavy large frying pan over medium heat until almost crisp, about 5 minutes. Sprinkle the cinnamon over the bacon and pancetta and saute until the bacon is crisp and golden, about 2 minutes longer. Cool. Whisk in the cream, cheese, and yolks to blend. Meanwhile, bring a large pot of salted water to a boil over high heat. Add the fettuccine and cook until it is just tender but still firm to the bite, stirring occasionally, about 3 minutes. Drain. Add the fettuccine to the cream mixture and toss over medium-low heat until the sauce coats the pasta thickly, about <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, leeks, olive oil, Salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Olive Oil-Roasted Leeks | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 6 leeks, white and pale-green parts only, cut in half lengthwise; 1/2 cup olive oil; Salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Place a rimmed baking sheet in oven and preheat to 400°F. Cut 6 leeks, white and pale-green parts only, in half lengthwise. Rinse well and pat completely dry. Toss with 1/2 cup olive oil; season with salt. Arrange leeks, cut side down, on hot baking sheet and cover loosely with foil. Reduce oven temperature to 300°F. Bake until leeks are lightly browned on cut sides and very tender, about 1 1/2 hours. Uncover leeks and turn cut side up. Increase oven temperature to 400°F; roast leeks until golden brown, 15-20 minutes. (Reserve the oil for making vinaigrettes or roasting vegetables. Let cool; c <END>
INPUT: Italian, butter, Gorgonzola, nutmeg, pepper, onion powder
OUTPUT: TITLE: Gnocchi Gorgonzola | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons butter; 6 ounces Gorgonzola; Pinch ground nutmeg; Pinch ground white pepper; Pinch onion powder; 1/4 cup brandy; 1 pint heavy cream; 1/4 cup chopped walnuts; Homemade or store bought potato gnocchi, cooked; 4 slices prosciutto | INSTRUCTIONS: Melt the butter in a large pot over medium-low heat. Add the Gorgonzola and stir until melted. Add nutmeg, white pepper, and onion powder. Add brandy and flambe. Whisk in the heavy cream until smooth. Bring to a boil and add the walnuts. Divide gnocchi among 4 bowls and serve sauce immediately over top. Garnish with 1 prosciutto slice per bowl. <END>
INPUT: slaw, cabbage, carrots, tart apple, raisins
OUTPUT: TITLE: Apple and Raisin Slaw | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 5 cups coarsely chopped red cabbage (about 1/2 medium head); 5 cups coarsely chopped green cabbage (about 1/2 medium head); 1 cup coarsely grated carrots (about 2 medium); 1 large tart green apple (such as Granny Smith), cored, coarsely chopped; 1/2 cup raisins; 1/2 cup raw unsalted sunflower seeds, toasted; 1 1/2 cups plain nonfat yogurt; 1/2 cup chopped fresh dill or 3 tablespoons dried dillweed; 2 tablespoons vegetable oil; 2 tablespoons apple cider vinegar | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine cabbages, carrots, apple, raisins and sunflower seeds in very large bowl. Whisk yogurt, dill, vegetable oil and vinegar in medium bowl to blend. Add dressing to cabbage mixture and toss to coat. Season to taste with salt and pepper. (Can be prepared 3 hours ahead. Cover and refrigerate.) Combine cabbages, carrots, apple, raisins and sunflower seeds in very large bowl. Whisk yogurt, dill, vegetable oil and vinegar in medium bowl to blend. Add dressing to cabbage mixture and toss to coat. Season to taste with salt and pepper. (Can be prepared 3 hours ahead. Cover and refrigerate.) <END>
INPUT: shrimp, olive oil, sugar, pimenton, kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Garlic Shrimp with Romesco Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 pounds shrimp (16/20), peeled and deveined, tails on; 3 tablespoons olive oil; 2 teaspoons sugar; 1 teaspoon pimenton (smoked Spanish paprika); 1 teaspoon kosher salt; 3 cloves garlic, grated; 1 lemon, zested; Romesco Sauce, for serving, recipe follows; 1/4 cup marcona almonds, toasted; 1 (12-ounce) jar roasted red peppers, drained; 3 tablespoons olive oil; 2 tablespoons sherry vinegar; 1/4 teaspoon cayenne pepper; 1 slice white bread (about 1-inch thick), crusts removed, toasted and torn into pieces; 1 large clove garlic, grated | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large mixing bowl, combine the shrimp, olive oil, sugar, pimento, salt, garlic and lemon zest. Let the shrimp marinate for 20 minutes. Preheat a grill pan over high heat. When the grill pan is hot, grill the shrimp until they are just cooked through and turning pink, about 2 minutes per side. Serve immediately with the Romesco Sauce. Wine suggestion for this recipe: Pinot Grigio In a food processor, process the toasted almonds until ground. Add the roasted red peppers, olive oil, vinegar, cayenne pepper, bread and garlic. Process until the mixture is smooth. Season the sauce with salt and <END>
INPUT: Asian, acorn squash, dill, Kosher salt pepper, virgin olive oil, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tofu-Stuffed Acorn Squash | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 2 small acorn squash, halved, stemmed and seeded; 1/4 cup chopped fresh dill; Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper; 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1 small red onion, cut into 1/2-inch pieces; 3 cloves garlic, minced; 1 14-ounce package firm tofu, drained and coarsely crumbled; 1 pint cherry tomatoes, halved; 1 5-ounce package baby spinach (about 8 cups); 2 tablespoons shredded parmesan cheese; 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice; 2 whole-wheat pitas, toasted and torn into 1-inch pieces | INSTRUCTIONS: Put the squash in a large microwave-safe bowl. Add 1 tablespoon dill, a splash of water, and salt and pepper to taste. Cover with plastic wrap, pierce the plastic and microwave until tender, 15 minutes. Meanwhile, heat 1 tablespoon olive oil in a large nonstick skillet over medium-high heat. Add the onion and garlic; cook, stirring, until soft, 3 minutes. Stir in the tofu and 1/4 teaspoon salt; cook, undisturbed, 2 minutes, then cook, stirring, until browned, 3 more minutes. Push the tofu and onion to one side of the pan; add half of the tomatoes to the other side and season with salt. Cook, s <END>
INPUT: peking, water, maltose honey, sherry, vinegar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Peking Duck | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 (5-pound) duck; 6 cups water, plus 1 tablespoon; 2 tablespoons maltose or honey; 2 tablespoons dry sherry; 1 tablespoon white vinegar; 3 tablespoons cornstarch, mixed with 3 tablespoons water, for slurry; 10 scallions; 1/2 cup hoisin sauce; 2 teaspoons sesame oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Cut off duck wings at second joint, remove excess fat and skin, rinse and dry well. Insert a chopstick through the neck opening and force along the wing bone under the skin until it protrudes slightly at the second joint. Push other end along other wing so that you end up with a duck that has its arms straight out like a crucifix. Tie a string onto the middle of the stick so you can hold the duck and hang it up. Bring 6 cups of water to boil in a wok, over medium heat. Add maltose or honey and stir to dissolve. Stir in the sherry, vinegar and cornstarch slurry. When liquid returns to a boil, d <END>
INPUT: syrup, water, sugar, juniper berries, blueberries
OUTPUT: TITLE: Blueberries in Gin Syrup | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup water; 3/4 cup sugar; 15 juniper berries, crushed; 1 (4-inch) rosemary sprig; 2 pints blueberries (1 1/2 pounds); 1/4 cup dry gin; mint sprigs | INSTRUCTIONS: Boil water, sugar, juniper berries, rosemary, and a pinch of salt in a small saucepan, stirring until sugar has dissolved, until reduced to about 3/4 cup, 10 to 12 minutes. Put blueberries in a heatproof bowl and strain syrup through a sieve over berries. Stir in gin. Macerate until completely cooled, about 30 minutes. Boil water, sugar, juniper berries, rosemary, and a pinch of salt in a small saucepan, stirring until sugar has dissolved, until reduced to about 3/4 cup, 10 to 12 minutes. Put blueberries in a heatproof bowl and strain syrup through a sieve over berries. Stir in gin. Macerate u <END>
INPUT: Mexican, southwestern, buttermilk, lime, garlic, ancho chili powder, coriander
OUTPUT: TITLE: Buttermilk Southwestern Grilled Chicken | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups buttermilk; 1 lime, zested and juiced; 3 cloves garlic, chopped; 2 tablespoons ancho chili powder (or any pure chili powder); 2 teaspoons ground coriander; 2 teaspoons ground cumin; 1 teaspoon turmeric; Hot sauce, to taste (recommended: Tabasco); 1/4 cup coarsely chopped fresh cilantro leaves; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 4 bone-in or boneless chicken breasts (each about 6 to 8 ounces); Canola oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Whisk together the buttermilk, lime zest and juice, garlic, chili powder, coriander, cumin, turmeric, hot sauce, cilantro, and salt and pepper, to taste, in a large bowl. Pour the marinade into a large resealable plastic bag, add the chicken, seal the bag and refrigerate. Marinate bone-in chicken up to 12 hours, boneless up to 4 hours, chicken legs or breasts, up to 24 hours. If using fish, marinate white fish such as snapper, halibut or bass up to 30 minutes. Preheat the grill pan over medium-low heat for boneless breasts and fish, and medium heat for bone-in breasts, thighs and legs. Remove  <END>
INPUT: soup, butternut squash, carrots, celery, Spanish onions, butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Butternut Soup | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 5 medium butternut squash; 3 medium carrots; 2 stalks celery; 2 Spanish onions; 3 tablespoons butter; 15 cloves garlic; 10 sprigs thyme; 1 (3-inch) cinnamon stick; 12 cups chicken stock; 1 cup heavy cream; Salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Peel the squash, trim both ends, and cut it in half lengthwise. Scoop out and discard the seeds. Cut the squash into medium-size chunks. Peel the carrots and chop them roughly. Roughly chop the celery and onions. Melt the butter in a large stockpot set over medium heat, and add the squash, carrots, celery, onions, and garlic. Cook until softened but not browned, and then add the thyme and cinnamon. Add the stock, bring to a boil, reduce to a simmer, and cook until the squash is soft, 25 to 30 minutes. Fish out and discard the thyme stems and cinnamon stick. Using a food processor or hand blend <END>
INPUT: American, frosty, chiffon, milk
OUTPUT: TITLE: Frosty Lemon Chiffon Pie | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup cold whole milk; 1 (1.3-ounce) envelope dry whipped topping mix; 1 1/4 (11.3-ounce) jars lemon curd; 1 (3.4-ounce) box lemon instant pudding and pie filling mix; 1 (6-ounce) premade shortbread piecrust; 1 cup frozen whipped topping, slightly thawed; Sugared Lemon Slices, optional, recipe follows; 1 lemon; 2 egg whites, beaten* (See Disclaimer); 1/2 cup sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. In a stand mixer or with a hand mixer, beat 1/2 cup of the milk and dry whipped topping mix in a large bowl for 4 minutes, or until light and fluffy. Set aside. In another large bowl, beat 1 jar of lemon curd, lemon pudding mix, and remaining 1/2 cup of milk for 2 minutes, or until smooth and beginning to thicken. Fold whipped topping mixture into lemon pudding mixture. Spoon into pie crust. Spread slightly thawed whipped topping over lemon mixture. Swirl remaining lemon curd through whipped topping. Freeze for 30 minutes before serving. Decorate pie with sugared <END>
INPUT: radicchio, vegetable oil, lamb shanks, Kosher salt, carrots, celery
OUTPUT: TITLE: Braised Lamb Shanks with Escarole and Radicchio | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons vegetable oil; 4 pounds lamb shanks (about 4 shanks); Kosher salt; 2 carrots, peeled and chopped; 2 stalks celery, chopped; 1 onion, peeled and chopped; 3 cloves garlic, peeled and smashed; 2 sprigs fresh oregano; 2 sprigs fresh rosemary; 1/4 cup tomato paste; 1 cup full-bodied dry red wine, such as Barolo; 2 1/2 cups low-sodium chicken broth; 2 tablespoons honey; 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard; 1 small head escarole, cleaned and chopped into 1-inch pieces | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 300 degrees F. Heat a large braiser pan over medium-high heat and add the oil. Sprinkle the lamb shanks all over with 2 teaspoons salt. When the pan and oil are hot, sear the shanks on all sides until deep brown, rotating often, about 8 minutes. Remove the lamb to a plate. To the pan, add the carrots, celery, onions and garlic and cook, stirring often with a wooden spoon, until the vegetables are soft and beginning to brown, about 5 minutes. Add the oregano, rosemary and tomato paste and cook, stirring constantly, for 3 minutes to caramelize the paste. Deglaze the pan with  <END>
INPUT: Asian, cheesecake, gingersnap cookie crumbs, packages cream cheese, sugar, vanilla extract
OUTPUT: TITLE: Ginger Cheesecake with Sour Cherry Compote | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 3 cups gingersnap cookie crumbs (about 12 ounces); 6 tablespoons (3/4 stick) chilled butter, cut into small pieces; 3 8-ounce packages cream cheese, room temperature; 1 cup sugar; 2 teaspoons vanilla extract; 1/8 teaspoon salt; 3 tablespoons minced peeled fresh ginger; 4 large eggs, room temperature; 2 cups sour cream; 1/4 cup sugar; 2 tablespoons chopped crystallized ginger; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; 1/2 teaspoon ground ginger; Sour Cherry Compote | INSTRUCTIONS: For Crust: Position rack in center of oven; preheat oven to 350°F. Butter 9-inch diameter springform pan with 2 3/4-inch-high sides. Wrap outside of pan with foil. Blend cookie crumbs and butter in processor until moist clumps form. Press crumbs on bottom and up sides of pan. Chill crust while preparing filling. Position rack in center of oven; preheat oven to 350°F. Butter 9-inch diameter springform pan with 2 3/4-inch-high sides. Wrap outside of pan with foil. Blend cookie crumbs and butter in processor until moist clumps form. Press crumbs on bottom and up sides of pan. Chill crust while pr <END>
INPUT: salad, vinaigrette, coarse grain mustard, shallot, sugar, salt, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mâche, Frisée, and Radish Salad with Mustard Vinaigrette | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon coarse-grain mustard; 2 tablespoons minced shallot; 1 teaspoon sugar; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 1/8 teaspoon black pepper; 1/4 cup white-wine vinegar; 1/3 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 4 cups loosely packed mche (lamb's lettuce); 2 cups loosely packed frisée (French curly endive), torn into bite-size pieces (from 1 head); 4 medium radishes, trimmed and thinly sliced; 3 tablespoons chopped fresh chives | INSTRUCTIONS: Whisk together mustard, shallot, sugar, salt, pepper, and vinegar in a small bowl, then add oil in a slow stream, whisking until emulsified. Just before serving, toss salad ingredients with just enough vinaigrette to coat and season with salt and pepper. Whisk together mustard, shallot, sugar, salt, pepper, and vinegar in a small bowl, then add oil in a slow stream, whisking until emulsified. Just before serving, toss salad ingredients with just enough vinaigrette to coat and season with salt and pepper. <END>
INPUT: cacciatore, olive oil, rabbit, garlic, tomatoes, wine
OUTPUT: TITLE: Rabbit Cacciatore | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons olive oil; 1 3 1/4-pound frozen rabbit, thawed, cut into 8 pieces; 5 garlic cloves, minced; 1 pound tomatoes, chopped, with seeds and juices (about 2 1/2 cups); 1 1/3 cups dry white wine; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh thyme; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh oregano; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh rosemary | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat oil in heavy large pot over high heat. Sprinkle rabbit with salt and pepper. Add rabbit to pot and sauté until browned on all sides, about 10 minutes. Add garlic; sauté 1 minute. Add tomatoes and wine. Bring to boil, scraping up any browned bits. Reduce heat to medium, cover and simmer until rabbit is cooked through, about 30 minutes. Using tongs, transfer rabbit pieces to plate. Add herbs to sauce in pot. Simmer until slightly reduced, about 5 minutes. Return rabbit to pot. Stir until heated through, about 3 minutes. Season with salt and pepper and serve. Heat oil in heavy large pot over <END>
INPUT: Asian, soup, chicken stock, ginger, baby bok choy, pepper, naturally brewed soy
OUTPUT: TITLE: Wonton Noodle Soup with Five Spice Beef Shank (Mom) | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 2 quarts chicken stock; 2 large slices ginger; 4 heads baby bok choy, washed and cut into 1/4 inch slices; 1/2 teaspoon white pepper; 1 tablespoon naturally brewed soy sauce; Salt; 1 pound fresh wonton noodles, blanched in salted water right before serving; Five Spice Beef Shank, recipe follows; 1/2 cup sliced scallions; 1/4 cup chopped cilantro; 2 teaspoons sesame oil; 1/2 cup vegetable oil; 1/2 teaspoon crushed peppers; 8 thin slices fresh ginger; 3 cloves garlic | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat the stock in a stock pot with the ginger and reduce by 20 percent. Add the bok choy, white pepper, and soy sauce. Cook for 3 minutes until bok choy is soft. Check for seasoning. Place the hot noodles in 4 large bowls and top with stock and bok choy. Place sliced beef on top. Garnish with scallions, cilantro, and drizzle with sesame oil. Prepare a large non-stick stock-pot coated with oil over high heat. Add the crushed pepper, ginger, and garlic and stir for 30 seconds. Place the beef in the stock-pot and cook, covered about 4 minutes on each side. Add the soy sauce, red wine, five spice  <END>
INPUT: Asian, drizzle, wine, water, lemongrass, garlic, peppercorns
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken Rolls with Red Pepper Mayo and Orange Drizzle | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup dry white wine; 2 cups water; 1 stalk fresh lemongrass; 3 cloves garlic, crushed; 1 teaspoon peppercorns; 1 teaspoon salt; 1/2 cup chopped onion; 1/4 cup ginger, chopped; 2 pounds boneless, skinless chicken; Red Pepper Mayonnaise, recipe follows; 2 cups orange juice; 6 center-cut deli rolls; 1 head Boston Bibb lettuce; 6 orange slices; 1 small fennel bulb, shredded | INSTRUCTIONS: For the chicken: In a large saucepan, add the wine, water, lemongrass, garlic, peppercorns, salt, onion and ginger. Bring to a boil. Add chicken. Turn down heat to simmer. Cover pan and poach chicken for 25 minutes. Discard liquid and place chicken on a plate to cool. When cooled, shred chicken into large bowl and mix with Red Pepper Mayonnaise. Refrigerate until chilled. Put orange juice into saucepan and boil over medium-high heat until reduced to a syrup. Toast deli rolls and place lettuce leaves on each. Divide chicken mixture evenly on rolls and sprinkle fennel shreds on each. Drizzle ora <END>
INPUT: charred, virgin olive oil, pine nuts, Kosher salt, garlic, Handful mint leaves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Clams with Charred Zucchini and Garlic | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 8 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, divided, plus more for grill; 1/4 cup pine nuts; Kosher salt; 2 cloves garlic, peeled and "pressed", minced by hand or grated on microplane; Handful fresh mint leaves, snipped with scissors; 2 medium-size zucchini, washed, dried and cut lengthwise into 1/4 to 1/2-inch thick slices; 2 teaspoons paprika; 1 lemon, juiced; 3 dozen littleneck clams, thoroughly scrubbed of all sand and grit | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the grill to medium-high heat. In a medium skillet, over low heat, heat 2 tablespoons of the olive oil. When the oil gets hot, add the pine nuts. Season them lightly with salt and cook them, stirring constantly, until they turn golden brown, 2 to 3 minutes. Remove them from the pan to a small bowl. Stir in the minced garlic, salt, to taste, and the mint. In a large plate, combine the remaining olive oil, the zucchini slices, paprika and light sprinkling of salt. For best results, "dust" the zucchini with the paprika but put it in a little strainer and sprinkle it evenly over the zucchi <END>
INPUT: American, cream cheese, milk, lemon juice, sugar, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cream Cheese Ice Cream | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 8 oz cream cheese, softened; 1 cup milk; 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice; 3/4 cup sugar; 1/8 teaspoon salt; 1/2 cup heavy cream; Special equipment: an ice cream maker | INSTRUCTIONS: Blend cream cheese, milk, lemon juice, sugar, and salt in a blender until smooth. Transfer to a bowl, then stir in cream. Freeze cream cheese mixture in ice cream maker. Transfer to an airtight container and put in freezer to harden, at least 2 hours. Let ice cream soften 5 minutes before serving. Blend cream cheese, milk, lemon juice, sugar, and salt in a blender until smooth. Transfer to a bowl, then stir in cream. Freeze cream cheese mixture in ice cream maker. Transfer to an airtight container and put in freezer to harden, at least 2 hours. Let ice cream soften 5 minutes before serving. <END>
INPUT: napoleon, sea bass into, Guajillo Chile Marinade, Coconut Lemon Grass, scallops into, blackened seasoning
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sea Bass Napoleon with Galangal Blackened Scallops and Smoked Salmon, Blackened Tomatoes and Coconut | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: One 6-ounce sea bass cut into 2 thin slices; 2 tablespoons Guajillo Chile Marinade, recipe follows; 1/4 cup Coconut Lemon Grass Reduction Sauce, recipe follows; 10 to 20 scallops sliced into 2 thin pieces; 1 teaspoon blackened seasoning, galangal powder blend; Neutral oil; 1/3 cup currant, stemmed or yellow and red pear tomatoes; 1/2 ounce baby spinach, fresh; 1 ounce enoki mushrooms; One 1-ounce thinly sliced smoked salmon; 1 sprig rosemary, 4-inches in length; 1/4 avocado, diced; 1 teaspoon orange tobiko (Japanese flying fish roe); 1 1/4 pounds dry guajillo chiles, cleaned; 1 to 2 quarts rice vinegar | INSTRUCTIONS: Baste raw bass pieces with Guajillo Chile Marinade and set aside. Heat coconut reduction sauce and set aside, keep warm. Brush scallops with blackened galangal powder blend and sear quickly, set aside and keep warm. Heat saute pan with little oil at medium low heat. When oil is hot, add bass, careful not to burn fish. Chile marinade contains a lot of sugar so watch your temperature, keep it low. Blacken tomatoes in 1 tablespoon of neutral oil. Add spinach and enoki mushrooms. Cook down until spinach has wilted and sauce is hot. Check on bass and turn when ready. Plate the dish when fish is don <END>
INPUT: scones, rose water, raspberry liquid, raspberries
OUTPUT: TITLE: Raspberry Rose Scones | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 (20-ounce) package biscuit mix; 1/4 cup rose water; 2 (15-ounce) cans red raspberries, drained (reserve both liquid and raspberries); 1 cup raspberry liquid (from canned raspberries); 1 1/2 cups fresh raspberries; 2 tablespoons sugar; Lemon Cream Cheese Spread, recipe follows; 1/3 cup lemon curd; 16 ounces cream cheese, softened; 1 teaspoon rose water | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven 375 degrees F. Combine the biscuit mix, rose water, and 1 cup of the drained raspberry juice. With a wooden spoon, mix the ingredients together thoroughly to make a dough. Gently knead into the dough 1/2 of the drained raspberries and the fresh raspberries, being careful not to squish them. (Reserve remaining canned raspberries for another use.) Spray 2 (8-inch) loaf pans with non-stick spray, then divide the dough mixture between the pans. Transfer to the oven and bake for 20 minutes. Remove loaves and set on cooling racks. Sprinkle some sugar on the top of loaves while they are  <END>
INPUT: Mexican, burritos, salsa, onion, Kosher salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken Burritos with Pineapple Salsa | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 (3.5 to 4-pound) chicken; 1 medium yellow onion, 1 peeled; Kosher salt and fresh ground pepper; 1 (8-ounce) can pineapple chunks, drained and chopped; 1 small red onion, diced; 1 jalapeno pepper, seeded and chopped; 2 tablespoons chopped cilantro; 1 tablespoon chili powder; 2 tablespoons lime juice; 3 scallions, chopped; 8 flour tortillas (reserve 2 for round 2 recipe Tortilla Pizza and 2 for Tortilla Soup); 1 can red or black beans, drained and rinsed; 1 cup shredded jack cheese | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large pot, put the chicken, 1 whole onion, and large pinch of salt and cover with cold water. Bring to a boil then reduce to a simmer and cook until the chicken is cooked through, about 1 hour. While the chicken is cooking, make the salsa by mixing together the diced red onion, pineapple chunks, jalapeno, cilantro, chili powder, lime juice, and season with salt and pepper. Cover and refrigerate until ready to serve. Remove the chicken and allow it to cool. Strain the cooking liquid and reserve it and the onion for the round 2 recipe, tortilla soup. When the chicken is cool enough to handl <END>
INPUT: Italian, creole, pasta, corkscrews wagon wheels, olive oil, each onion, bell pepper, scallion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Creole Chick Peas with Pasta | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 12 ounces corkscrews or wagon wheels; 1/4 cup olive oil; 1/4 cup each chopped onion; 1/4 cup chopped green bell pepper; 1/4 cup chopped scallion; 1 tablespoon minced fresh garlic; 1 28-ounce can plum tomatoes, chopped, juices reserved; 1 to 2 cups chicken broth; 1 10 ounce package frozen corn, thawed; 16 ounce can of chick peas, drained, rinsed; 1/2 teaspoon thyme; 1 whole bay leaf; 1/8 to 1/4 teaspoon cayenne pepper; 2 tablespoons parsley for garnish; Salt and pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring some salted water to a boil, add the pasta and cook until done, about 10 minutes or according to package directions. In a large saucepan heat the olive oil. Add the onion, bell pepper and scallion and saute for 3 to 4 minutes or until tender. Stir in the garlic and saute a few seconds, then stir in the tomatoes, broth and corn and simmer 5 minutes. Transfer two portions to another saucepan for the children and keep it warm until ready to serve the pasta. To the other portion, add chick peas, thyme, bay leaf and cayenne pepper and simmer until pasta is done. Boil down to thicken sauce or, <END>
INPUT: Indian, southern, virgin olive oil, cumin seed, fennel seed, coriander seed
OUTPUT: TITLE: Southern Indian Lamb Curry | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 1 1/2 tablespoons cloves; 1 1/2 tablespoon cumin seed; 11/2 tablespoon fennel seed; 1 1/2 tablespoon coriander seed; 1 1/2 tablespoons turmeric; 1 cinnamon stick; 2 fresh bay leaves; 10 fresh curry leaves; 3 pounds boned shoulder lamb, cut into 1-inch cubes; 1 fresh red chili; 2 medium onions, roughly chopped; 5 cloves garlic, peeled; 2 tablespoons minced fresh ginger; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Begin by setting a large, heavy-based pot over medium heat. Grind the cloves, fennel, cumin, coriander, and turmeric in a spice grinder. Add oil to the hot pot and pour in the spices. Throw in cinnamon sticks, bay leaves, curry leaves, and chilli. Toast for 2-3 minutes until golden and aromatic - be careful, the leaves will splatter a little. While they are toasting, add onion, garlic and ginger to the food processor and pulse until finely chopped. Season cubed lamb with salt and pepper then add to the pot of oil and spices. Brown all over, about 5-7 minutes.Add onion puree and sweat a little  <END>
INPUT: Mexican, burrito, cauliflower, tricolor fingerling potatoes, crimini mushrooms, chickpeas, virgin olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Cauliflower Burrito | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 large head cauliflower head, cut into small florets; 1 pound tricolor fingerling potatoes (you may substitute any type of fingerling or small potato); 3 cups crimini mushrooms, cleaned and quartered; 2 cups canned chickpeas, drained and rinsed; 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 3 tablespoons curry powder; 1 tablespoon ground cumin; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; Six 12-inch flour tortillas; Spicy Refried Beans, recipe follows; 1 tablespoon canola oil; 1/2 cup Spicy Peach Chutney, recipe follows; 1/2 cup diced white onion; 4 cups finely sliced white cabbage; 1 cup crumbled queso fresco, optional | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: a pressure cooker For the roasted vegetable filling: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. In a large mixing bowl, combine the cauliflower, potatoes, mushrooms, chickpeas, olive oil, curry powder, cumin, 2 teaspoons salt and freshly ground black pepper to taste. Mix well to coat evenly. Spread the vegetables in a large roasting pan and roast until browned and lightly charred around the edges, about 20 minutes. (The cauliflower should still have a bite to it.) Keep warm. To assemble the burritos: Slightly heat up a tortilla in a large pan or over the open flame of a burner (this <END>
INPUT: Mexican, mashed, patties, breadcrumbs made from, carrots, bell pepper, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mashed Potato and Vegetable Patties with Ginger-Cilantro Chutney | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2 (8-ounce) russet potatoes; 1 1/2 cups fresh breadcrumbs made from crustless French bread, divided; 1/2 cup finely grated carrots; 1/4 cup finely chopped red bell pepper; 1/4 cup finely chopped onion; 1/4 cup finely chopped fresh cilantro; 2 tablespoons finely chopped peeled fresh ginger; 1 serrano chile, stemmed, minced; 1 teaspoon salt; 2 large eggs; 1/3 cup (or more) vegetable oil; Ginger-cilantro chutney; Chaat masala* (optional); Paprika; *Chaat masala is an Indian spice blend available at specialty foods stores and Indian markets | INSTRUCTIONS: Place potatoes in medium saucepan. Add enough water to cover by 1 inch. Bring to boil, then reduce heat to medium and cook potatoes until tender, about 20 minutes. Drain; cool. Peel cooled potatoes, place in medium bowl, and mash. Add 1/2 cup breadcrumbs, carrots, and next 6 ingredients. Mix lightly (do not mash). Divide mixture into 12 portions, using about 1/4 cup for each. Shape each portion into ball, then press lightly to form patty about 2 1/2 inches in diameter. Do ahead Can be made 6 hours ahead. Transfer patties to large plate, cover, and chill. Preheat oven to 200°F. Whisk eggs in me <END>
INPUT: brazil, collard greens, virgin olive oil, garlic, water, Salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Quick Greens, Brazil Style | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 pounds fresh collard greens; 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 5 cloves garlic, minced, or to taste; 1/4 cup warm water; Salt and freshly ground black pepper, to taste | INSTRUCTIONS: Wash the collard greens thoroughly to remove any dirt or grit. Drain well. Pick over the greens, discarding any that are old and cutting out any discolored spots and the fleshy ribs. Then place the leaves in a pile, roll them into a thick cylinder, and cut them into thin strips crosswise. Fluff the cut greens into a bowl. Heat the olive oil in a heavy skillet, add the garlic, and cook until it is slightly browned. Add the greens and cook, tossing them frequently to make sure that they are coated with the olive oil and the garlic. Add the water, season, cover, and cook for 5 minutes. Remove and <END>
INPUT: American, crostini, baguette, virgin olive oil, Kosher salt, Cabrales cheese, block quince paste
OUTPUT: TITLE: Crostini with Blue Cheese, Quince Paste and Cracked Black Pepper | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 baguette, sliced scant 1/2-inch thick on a diagonal; Extra-virgin olive oil; Kosher salt; 8 ounces Cabrales blue cheese; 1 block quince paste, thinly sliced; Cracked black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat a grill, grill pan or oven to medium-high heat. Toast the bread until lightly golden brown on both sides-the bread should be crisp but still tender on the inside, not brittle. Brush one side with olive oil and season with salt. Top each slice with a thin slice of cheese and a slice of quince paste and season with cracked black pepper. <END>
INPUT: virgin olive oil, baby artichokes, garlic, Maldon another flaky, wine
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pot-Roasted Artichokes With White Wine and Capers | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 3 1/2 pounds baby artichokes (about 18), turned (see below); 2 medium garlic cloves, thinly sliced; 1 1/2 teaspoons Maldon or another flaky sea salt; 1 1/2 cups dry white wine, such as Sauvignon Blanc; 1 heaping tablespoon drained capers; A five-finger pinch of mint leaves (preferably black mint), torn at the last minute; A pinch of delicate flat-leaf parsley sprigs | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat the oil in a heavy pot (wide enough to hold the artichokes with room to spare) over medium-high heat until it just begins to smoke. Stand the artichokes cut sides down in the oil, wait a minute, then reduce the heat to medium-low, sprinkle in the garlic and salt, and cook, without stirring, just until the garlic turns golden and smells toasty, about 3 minutes. Slowly pour in the wine, cover the pot, and cook, without stirring, at a vigorous simmer until you can insert a sharp knife into the thick artichoke bottoms with barely any resistance, about 25 minutes. Five minutes or so before the <END>
INPUT: American, unwaxed cucumbers, shallot
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lox and Cream Cheese Stuffed Cucumbers | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 unwaxed cucumbers; 1 (8-ounce) container cream cheese, softened; 1 (8-ounce) container sour cream; 1 (3-ounce) package smoked salmon, chopped into small pieces; 1 shallot, diced; 1/2 lemon, juiced, seeds removed; 1 bunch fresh dill, chopped; Pinch salt and fresh ground pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Using a peeler, create stripes on the outside of the cucumber by peeling along length of cucumber, leaving every other section intact. Cut off ends of cucumber and slice into 1-inch rounds. Using a melon baller, scoop out the seeds and inner flesh from the top 2/3's of each cucumber slice. Do not scoop all of the way through. Set aside. In a bowl, combine equal parts cream cheese and sour cream. Mix in salmon, shallots, lemon juice, salt and pepper, combining thoroughly. Transfer the mixture to a pastry bag with a star 8 tip. Pipe the filling generously into each cucumber section. Garnish with <END>
INPUT: aged, vinegar, figs half, gorgonzola, balsamic balsamic dressing, olive oil, mesclun salad
OUTPUT: TITLE: Baked Figs with Gorgonzola and Aged Balsamic Vinegar | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 large figs cut half; 8 teaspoon gorgonzola; 2 tablespoons balsamic plus 1 tablespoon balsamic for dressing; 1 ounce olive oil; 2 ounces mesclun salad; Salt and pepper to taste | INSTRUCTIONS: Cut figs in half, then stuff with a teaspoon of cheese and cover with 2 tablespoons balsamic vinegar. Bake in 350 degree oven until warm, about 3 to 4 minutes. Mix oil and vinegar to make a dressing and toss with the mesclun salad. Season with salt and pepper. Serve the salad on the plate with the figs; <END>
INPUT: Italian, risotto, reduced sodium chicken, water, bacon slice, garlic, Arborio rice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pea and Bacon Risotto | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 3/4 cups reduced-sodium chicken broth; 1/2 cup water; 1 bacon slice, chopped; 1 large garlic clove, finely chopped; 1/3 cup Arborio rice; 1/3 cup frozen peas; 2 tablespoons grated Parmigiano-Reggiano; 1 tablespoon unsalted butter; 1/4 teaspoon grated lemon zest; 1/4 teaspoon fresh lemon juice | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring broth and water to a simmer in a small saucepan. Cook bacon in a small heavy saucepan over medium-low heat, stirring, until crisp. Transfer with a slotted spoon to a paper towel to drain. Add garlic to bacon fat in pan and cook, stirring occasionally, until pale golden, about 1 minute. Add rice, stirring to coat. Add 1/4 cup hot broth mixture and simmer briskly, stirring constantly, until broth is absorbed. Continue simmering and adding hot broth mixture, about 1/4 cup at a time, stirring frequently and letting each addition be absorbed before adding the next, until rice is just tender a <END>
INPUT: crumbles, rolled oats, walnuts, light sugar, kosher salt, banana
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Sweet Potato with Banana Walnut Crumbles | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup rolled oats; 1/4 cup chopped walnuts; 4 teaspoons packed light brown sugar; 1/4 teaspoon kosher salt; 1/2 banana, mashed (2 tablespoons); 2 teaspoons unsalted butter, at room temperature and cut into bits; Two 12-ounce sweet potatoes, halved lengthwise; 1 tablespoon honey | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Place a rack in the middle of the oven and another in the lower third. Combine the oats, walnuts, sugar, salt and mashed banana, then cut in the butter. Spread the mixture on a parchment-paper-lined baking sheet. With damp hands, pat the mixture into an even 1/4-inch layer. Place the sweet potatoes, cut-side up, in a baking pan and place on the bottom oven rack. Place the topping on the upper rack. Bake the topping until the edges are lightly browned, 15 to 18 minutes. Cool the topping, but leave the potatoes in the oven to cont <END>
INPUT: vesper, clover honey, French aperitif wine, ruby grapefruit juice, grapefruit vodka, Grapefruit peel
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grapefruit Vesper | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup clover honey; 2 ounces French aperitif wine, such as Lillet Jean Reserve or Lillet Blanc; 2 ounces fresh ruby red grapefruit juice; 1 1/2 ounces grapefruit vodka; Grapefruit peel, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: Cocktail shaker, martini glass For the syrup: Combine the honey and 1/2 cup water in a small saucepan over medium heat and stir until combined. Remove and cool. For the vesper: Combine the aperitif, grapefruit juice, vodka and syrup to taste in a cocktail shaker with ice. Shake well and strain into a chilled martini glass. Garnish with grapefruit peel. <END>
INPUT: American, legs, packet hot taco, canola oil, wine vinegar, hot pepper sauce, chicken drumettes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Hot Legs with Spicy-Ranch Sauce | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 packet hot taco seasoning; 3 tablespoons canola oil; 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar; 2 teaspoons hot pepper sauce, divided (recommended: Tabasco); 4 pounds chicken drumettes; 1 cup ranch salad dressing; Celery sticks | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large bowl, combine taco seasoning, canola oil, red wine vinegar, and 1 teaspoon hot sauce. Add drumettes and toss to combine. In a small bowl, combine ranch dressing and 1 teaspoon hot sauce. Set aside. Preheat grill. Grill drumettes for about 10 to 15 minutes total, turning occasionally. Serve with spicy ranch dressing and celery sticks. <END>
INPUT: sour, onions, prosciutto, garlic, chilies, olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sweet-and-Sour Cabbage with Balsamic Vinegar | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 onions, halved lengthwise and sliced thin; 1/4 pound sliced prosciutto, cut crosswise into thin strips; 8 garlic cloves, minced; 5 1 1/2-inch dried chilies; 8 tablespoons olive oil; 2 pounds Savoy cabbage, cored and shredded; 1 tablespoon sugar; 6 canned plums tomatoes, drained and chopped (reserve 2/3 cup of the juice); 3 tablespoons balsamic vinegar, plus 2 tablespoons to finish; 1/2 cup chicken broth; 1/2 teaspoon dried oregano, crumbled minced parsley for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: In a heavy kettle, cook the onions with the prosciutto, garlic and chilies in 6 tablespoons of the oil over moderately low heat. Stir until they are softened. Add the cabbage and saute it over moderately high heat, stirring, for 3 minutes. Add the sugar, the tomatoes with the reserved juice, 3 tablespoons of the vinegar, the broth and the oregano. Bring the mixture to a boil, simmer it, covered for 15 minutes. Let the mixture cool to warm, uncovered, and stir in the remaining 2 tablespoons olive oil, and the remaining 2 tablespoons vinegar. Season to taste. Transfer the cabbage mixture to a se <END>
INPUT: Italian, Vegetable oil, milk, heavy cream, basil leaves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Baked Manicotti with Sausage and Peas | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: Vegetable oil cooking spray; 3/4 cup milk; 1/2 cup heavy cream; 6 ounces (about 3 cups) grated Pecorino Romano; 1/4 cup chopped fresh basil leaves; 2 tablespoons olive oil, plus extra for drizzling; 1 pound sweet Italian sausage, casings removed; 1 large or 2 small shallots, finely chopped; 2 cloves garlic, minced; 1/4 teaspoon kosher salt, plus 1/2 teaspoon; 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, plus 1/4 teaspoon; 1/4 cup white wine, such as Pinot Grigio; 3/4 cup (4 ounces) frozen petite peas, thawed; 1/2 cup whole milk ricotta; 12 manicotti shells | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Place an oven rack in the center of the oven. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Spray a 9-by-13-by-2-inch glass baking dish with vegetable oil cooking spray. Set aside. For the fonduta sauce: In a medium heavy-bottomed saucepan, bring the milk and cream to a simmer over medium heat. Reduce the heat to low. Add the Pecorino Romano and whisk until the cheese is melted and the sauce is smooth. Remove the pan from the heat and stir in the basil. Set aside. In a large skillet, heat 2 tablespoons of olive oil over medium-high heat. Add the sausage, shallots, garlic, 1 <END>
INPUT: sauce, leaf spinach, veal cutlets, onion, sweet paprika
OUTPUT: TITLE: Veal Cutlets with Spinach and Paprika Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons (1/4 stick) butter; 1 10-ounce package frozen leaf spinach, thawed, drained; 2 5-ounce 1/4-inch-thick veal cutlets; 1/4 cup finely chopped onion; 1 1/2 teaspoons sweet paprika; 1/4 cup dry white wine; 1/2 cup low-salt chicken broth; 1/4 cup whipping cream | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 200°F. Melt 1 tablespoon butter in heavy large skillet over medium-high heat. Add spinach and stir until heated through, about 2 minutes. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Divide spinach between plates. Cover plates with foil and place in preheated oven to keep warm. Melt remaining 1 tablespoon butter in same skillet over medium-high heat. Season veal with salt and pepper. Add veal to skillet and cook until just cooked through, about 1 1/2 minutes per side. Place veal atop spinach; cover with foil. return plates to oven to keep warm. Add onion to same skillet and sauté over <END>
INPUT: American, country, cubed steak, Worcestershire sauce, Salt, Pepper, garlic powder
OUTPUT: TITLE: Country-Style Steak | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 3 pounds cubed steak; Worcestershire sauce; Salt; Pepper; Pinch of garlic powder; Flour for dredging; 1/4 cup vegetable oil; 1/2 cup minced onion; 3 1/4 cups hot water; 3 tablespoons flour | INSTRUCTIONS: Place the steak in a casserole dish and generously sprinkle with Worcestershire sauce. Cover and marinate overnight. Remove from the marinade and sprinkle generously with salt, pepper, and garlic powder. Dip the steak in flour and shake. Heat the oil and quickly fry the steak until brown, but do not cook the inside too much. This is done by cooking both sides on high heat, turning quickly, and then reducing heat to low to finish cooking. Boil 1/2 cup minced onion in another pot with 1/4 cup of the water for about 5 minutes. When finished cooking as many steaks as desired, leave about 3 tablesp <END>
INPUT: Mexican, burritos, onion, mushrooms, vegetable oil, spinach, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Black Bean, Spinach, and Mushroom Burritos | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 onion, finely chopped; 1/2 pound mushrooms, finely chopped; 1 tablespoon vegetable oil; 1 bunch spinach (about 1 pound), coarse stems discarded, washed well and spun dry; 2 garlic cloves; 1/4 cup water; 1 cup canned black beans, rinsed well and drained; 1 teaspoon fresh lemon juice; 2 scallions, finely chopped; 3/4 cup coarsely grated pepper Jack cheese (about 5 ounces); Salt; 1/2 cup canned mild enchilada sauce; 2 (10-inch) or 4 (8-inch) flour tortillas; Accompaniment: Sour cream | INSTRUCTIONS: In a heavy skillet cook onion and mushrooms in oil over moderate heat, stirring, until golden. Add spinach and garlic and cook, stirring, until spinach is wilted, about 30 seconds. Stir in water, beans, lemon juice, scallions, pepper Jack, salt, to taste, and cook stirring, until cheese is melted. In a small saucepan, heat enchilada sauce. Heat a dry skillet (large enough to hold 1 tortilla) over moderately high heat until hot. In skillet heat tortillas, 1 at a time, turning frequently, 30 seconds, or until softened, and transfer to a work surface. Divide filling between tortillas and roll up  <END>
INPUT: French, sauce, Coarse salt, pepper, vegetable oil, shallots
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pepper-Seared Filet Mignon with Dijon Mustard Sauce | CUISINE: French | INGREDIENTS: 6 (10-ounce) 1 1/2-inch thick filet mignons; Coarse salt; 6 tablespoons cracked black pepper; 2 tablespoons vegetable oil; 1/2 cup finely chopped shallots; 6 ounces pilsner beer; 4 cups reduced veal stock; 4 tablespoons Dijon mustard; 2 tablespoons butter; 2 tablespoons chopped chives; Crisp potato-eggplant tart, recipe follows; 2 1/4 cups finely diced peeled eggplant; 1 teaspoon coarse salt, plus more, to taste; 2 tablespoons, plus 1/4 cup safflower oil; 3 tablespoons minced shallots | INSTRUCTIONS: Season the filets with salt and press the cracked pepper into both sides. Heat the vegetable oil in a cast iron skillet over low heat. When the oil is hot but not yet smoking, raise the heat to high. Place the steaks in the hot pan and sear for 3 to 4 minutes, or until a nice crust forms. Turn and sear for 3 minutes more for medium rare. Remove the steaks to baking sheet, cover to keep warm and let rest. Pour the excess fat from the skillet and return it to the burner. Add shallots to the hot pan and saute for 1 minute until they are soft. Add the pilsner and scrape up any bits stuck to the bo <END>
INPUT: American, moroccan, salad, skirt steak, kosher salt, pepper, Blender Chermoula Sauce, Vegetable oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Moroccan Skirt Steak Salad With Chermoula | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound skirt steak, sliced crosswise into 5–6-inch-long pieces; 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt; 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 1/2 cup Blender Chermoula Sauce; Vegetable oil (for grill); 2 medium carrots, shaved into long thin ribbons; 2 small Persian cucumbers, thinly sliced into rounds; 6 cups baby arugula; 1/4 teaspoon kosher salt; 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 1 cup (packed) mixed herb leaves, such as parsley, cilantro, and mint, divided; 1/2 cup Blender Chermoula Sauce, divided; 1/4 cup crumbled feta; 1/4 cup pomegranate seeds | INSTRUCTIONS: Marinate and grill the steak: Season steak with salt and pepper. Place steak in a large resealable bag or bowl. Pour chermoula over, toss to coat, then let rest at room temperature at least 1 hour. Prepare a grill for medium-high heat or heat grill pan over medium-high; lightly oil grate or pan. Remove steak from marinade; discard marinade. Grill steak until an instant-read thermometer inserted into the center registers 125°F, 2–3 minutes per side for medium-rare. Transfer to a cutting board and let rest 10 minutes before slicing against the grain. Season steak with salt and pepper. Place stea <END>
INPUT: foil, pure olive oil, onions, butter, Kosher salt pepper, size potatoes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fish in Foil with Sweet Onions, Tomatoes, and Mojo Verde | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon pure olive oil, plus 2 tablespoons; 2 medium red onions, sliced; 2 tablespoons butter; Kosher salt and freshly toasted and ground black pepper; 1 pound medium-size red potatoes, cut into 1/4-inch-thick slices; 1 (4-pound) whole snapper, gutted, scaled, pectoral gill cut out but tail left on (ask your fishmonger to do this); 1/4 cup Mojo Verde, recipe follows; 1 pound ripe tomatoes, sliced; 1/4 cup white wine; Lemon wedges, for garnish; 2 large poblanos, roasted, stemmed, seeded, and peeled; 1/2 pound tomatillos, peeled and roasted; 1/2 cup virgin olive oil; 1 tablespoon Spanish sherry vinegar; 1/4 cup roasted garlic | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. In a large saute pan over medium-high heat, add 1 tablespoon of the olive oil and butter. When the butter foams, add the onions and season with salt and pepper. Stir to coat. Cook for 8 to 12 minutes, stirring only occasionally until they get golden. Let cool. Tear 2 pieces of aluminum foil that are large enough to wrap the fish in. Layer them, 1 sheet on top of the other. Fold up all sides of the foil so that it resembles a little aluminum boat. Into the boat pour the remaining 2 tablespoons of olive oil and spread it around. Next, lay the potatoes in the boat i <END>
INPUT: Mexican, margaritas, Sugar, lime, tequila, mango nectar, bottled lime juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mango Margaritas | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: Sugar, for rim of glasses; 1/2 lime, cut into quarters; 1/2 cup tequila; 2/3 cup mango nectar; 3 tablespoons bottled lime juice; 1 cup ice cubes | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Spread a thin layer of sugar on a saucer. Run 1 lime wedge around rim of 2 margarita or martini glasses. Press rims into sugar on saucer to create narrow sugared edge on each glass. In a cocktail shaker or small pitcher, combine tequila, mango nectar, lime juice and ice cubes. Shake or stir vigorously for 30 seconds. Strain equal amounts into each glass. Squeeze juice from 1 lime piece into each drink and drop lime piece in. Serve immediately. <END>
INPUT: filled, macaroons, almond paste, sugar, egg whites, almonds, whipping cream
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate-Filled Almond Macaroons | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 7 ounces almond paste; 1 cup sugar; 2 large egg whites; 40 whole almonds (about); 1/4 cup whipping cream; 2 tablespoons (1/4 stick) unsalted butter; 1/2 teaspoon grated orange peel; 6 ounces bittersweet (not unsweetened) or semisweet chocolate, finely chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 375°F. Generously butter heavy large nonstick cookie sheets. Blend almond paste, sugar and egg whites in processor until smooth. Drop dough by slightly rounded teaspoonfuls onto prepared sheets, spacing evenly. Press 1 almond onto each mound. Bake until cookies are golden brown, about 10 minutes. Let cookies rest on sheets until just cool to touch, about 5 minutes. Using spatula, transfer cookies to rack and cool completely. (Can be prepared 1 day ahead. Store cookies in airtight container at room temperature.) Bring cream, butter and orange peel to simmer in heavy small saucep <END>
INPUT: Mexican, spiced, grain mustard, garlic, cumin, oregano, allspice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spiced Turkey Breast | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup whole-grain mustard (recommended: Maille); 2 garlic cloves, minced; 2 teaspoons ground cumin; 1 tablespoon dried oregano; 1 teaspoon allspice; 2 teaspoons chili powder; 1 tablespoon brown sugar; 1 teaspoon extra-virgin olive oil; 1 (4 1/2 to 5-pound) turkey breast, on the bone, rinsed and patted dry with paper towels; 10 cipollini onions; 3 medium carrots, peeled, and cut into 2-inch pieces; 2 cups low-sodium chicken stock; 2 tablespoons all-purpose flour; Salt and freshly ground black pepper, for seasoning | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. In a small bowl, mix together the mustard, garlic, cumin, oregano, allspice, chili powder, brown sugar and oil. Place the turkey breast in a 9 by13-inch roasting pan. Spread the mustard mixture over the top and sides of the turkey to form a crust. Add the onions, carrots, and chicken stock to the pan. Roast for 45 minutes. Cover the pan loosely with foil and continue to bake for another 45 minutes or until an instant-read thermometer inserted into the thickest part of the breast registers 175 degrees F. Allow the turkey to rest  <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, piadine, salad, English cucumbers, tomatoes, All purpose flour, hummus
OUTPUT: TITLE: Hummus Piadine with Cucumber and Feta Salad | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 2 English cucumbers; 4 tomatoes; All-purpose flour, for dusting; 4 (4-ounce) pizza dough rounds; 16 ounces prepared hummus; Coarse cornmeal, for sprinkling on baking sheets; 3/4 tablespoon dried oregano; 1 teaspoon chopped garlic; 1/2 teaspoon dried chili flakes; 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1 tablespoon red wine vinegar; Sea salt, preferable gray salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1/2 pound feta cheese | INSTRUCTIONS: Place 2 baking sheets in oven and preheat to 500 degrees F. Peel cucumbers. Cut them in 1/2 to remove seeds and slice them widthwise into slices about 1/8-inch thick. Core the tomatoes and dice into 1/2-inch pieces. On a lightly floured surface, using a rolling pin, roll dough balls into a circle about 8 inches in diameter and about 1/8-inch thick. With a spoon divide the hummus evenly between the 4 dough rounds and spread thin to cover the entire surface. Remove the baking sheets from oven and sprinkle evenly with cornmeal. Transfer the prepared dough rounds to the baking sheets and bake unti <END>
INPUT: Asian, sour, sugar, distilled vinegar, soy sauce, tomato sauce, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sweet-and-Sour Fish | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons sugar; 3 tablespoons distilled white vinegar; 2 tablespoons soy sauce; 1 tablespoon tomato sauce; 1 teaspoon salt; 1/4 cup dry white wine; 3 tablespoons cornstarch; 3 tablespoons all purpose flour; 2 5-ounce 1/2-inch-thick white fish fillets such as orange roughy or sole; Vegetable oil for deep frying; 1/2 cup drained canned sliced bamboo shoots; 1/2 cup sliced mushrooms; 1/4 cup grated carrot; 1/4 cup frozen peas, thawed, drained; 2 teaspoons minced peeled fresh ginger | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine first 5 ingredients in small bowl. Set aside. Combine wine, 3 tablespoons cornstarch and flour in medium bowl. Add fish to flour and turn to coat. Add enough oil to heavy large skillet to come 1 inch up sides. Heat to 365°F. Fry fish until crisp and golden, about 4 minutes. Drain on paper towels. Transfer to heated platter. Pour off all but 2 tablespoons oil from skillet. Add vegetables, ginger and garlic. Season with salt and pepper. Stir-fry 2 minutes. Add vinegar mixture and stir 2 minutes. Add dissolved cornstarch mixture and stir until sauce thickens, about 1 minute. Spoon over fi <END>
INPUT: Mexican, curried, calamari, flour, coriander, fenugreek leaves, fenugreek, smoked paprika
OUTPUT: TITLE: Curried Calamari with Cilantro and Mint Chutney | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup flour; 1 tablespoon ground coriander; 1 tablespoon dried fenugreek leaves; 1 teaspoon ground fenugreek; 1/2 teaspoon smoked paprika; 1/4 teaspoon turmeric; A pinch of salt, plus more for sprinkling; A pinch of pepper; 3 large squid bodies, cleaned; 1/4 cup grapeseed oil; Cilantro and Mint Chutney, recipe follows; 1 teaspoon grapeseed oil; 1 teaspoon garam masala; 4 cloves garlic, minced; 1 cup chopped fresh cilantro | INSTRUCTIONS: Put the flour, coriander, fenugreek leaves, ground fenugreek, paprika, turmeric, salt and pepper into a medium bowl and mix well. Dry the squid with a paper towel and then cut the bodies crosswise into 1/4-inch rings. Put the rings into the flour mixture and coat them well. Heat the oil in a large skillet and fry the coated squid until golden brown, 1 to 2 minutes. Do not overcook them as they will become tough and rubbery. Drain on a paper towel-lined tray and sprinkle with some salt. Serve with Cilantro and Mint Chutney. Pour the oil in a small saucepan over medium heat and add the garam mas <END>
INPUT: empanadas, all purpose flour, sugar, salt, butter, cream cheese
OUTPUT: TITLE: Apple Sauce Empanadas | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup all-purpose flour, plus more for dusting; 2 teaspoons sugar; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 6 tablespoons butter, chilled, cut into 1/2-inch cubes; 6 ounces cream cheese, chilled, cut into 1/2-inch cubes; 1 egg; 1/4 cup applesauce; Cinnamon sugar, for sprinkling | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Add the flour, sugar and salt to a food processor and pulse to mix. Add the butter and process until the mixture resembles wet sand. Add the cream cheese and pulse until the dough comes together in large clumps. Place the dough on a floured surface and gently knead two or three times, just enough to incorporate the cream cheese. Form the dough into an oval disk, place in a plastic bag and chill, 15 to 30 minutes. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Roll the dough into a rectangle, about 15-by-10-inches. Cut the dough with a sharp knife into 6 squares, about 5-inch <END>
INPUT: Mexican, pineapple juice, honey, tequila anejo, butter, peaches
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tequila Peaches | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups pineapple juice; 1 cup honey; 1/4 cup tequila anejo; 1 stick butter, melted; 3 peaches, pitted and halved; 1 pint frozen plain yogurt | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Combine the pineapple juice and honey in a medium saucepan over medium-high heat. Bring to a simmer and cook until slightly thickened, about 15 minutes. Add the tequila and continue to cook for 2 more minutes. Turn off the heat and set aside. Meanwhile, prepare a barbecue or grill pan to medium-high. Spread the butter over each peach half and grill, flat-sides down, until warmed through, about 4 minutes. Add the grilled peaches to the tequila syrup and let stand 20 minutes before serving. Serve the peaches with frozen yogurt and drizzle with tequila syrup. Cook's <END>
INPUT: sorbet, lemon juice, vodka, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Melon Sorbet | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound, 5 ounces diced watermelon, muskmelon or honeydew; 3 tablespoons freshly squeezed lemon juice; 2 tablespoons vodka; 9 ounces sugar, approximately 1 1/4 cups | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Place the melon in the bowl of a food processor and process until smooth. Add the lemon juice, vodka, and sugar and process for another 30 seconds. Place the mixture into the refrigerator until the mixture reaches 40 degrees F; depending on the temperature of your ingredients and refrigerator, this could take 30 minutes to 1 hour. Pour the chilled mixture into the bowl of an ice cream maker and process according to manufacturer's directions. Transfer the sorbet to an airtight container and place in the freezer for 3 to 4 hours before serving. <END>
INPUT: bliss potatoes into, smoked bacon, butter, napa cabbage, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Corned Beef and Cabbage on Potato | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 12 large red bliss potatoes peeled and cut into 1-inch thick slices; 1/2 pound smoked bacon; 3 tablespoons butter; 1/2 head napa cabbage, cut chiffonade; Freshly ground black pepper; 1/2 pound corned beef, finely diced; 2 teaspoons prepared horseradish; 1 tablespoon minced fresh chives; 1 cup milk; 1 small onion, finely chopped; 1 bay leaf; 3 whole cloves; 1/4 teaspoon nutmeg, optional; 2 tablespoons unsalted melted butter; 2 tablespoons cornstarch | INSTRUCTIONS: Cut potato slices with a 1 to 1 1/2-inch circle cutter and soak in water to remove starch. Place on a rack placed over a shallow pan of water. Steam to al dente and set aside to cool. Using a melon baller (ball scoop) scoop out a recess in each disk. Cook bacon and remove to paper towels to drain. Pour most of the bacon fat from the pan and add butter over medium heat. Add cabbage and season with black pepper. Cook until it begins to soften, about 10 minutes. Stir in corned beef, and crumble in bacon. Cook together for about 10 minutes to allow flavors to integrate, remove from heat and stir i <END>
INPUT: American, soup, slab bacon, rustic Italian bread, virgin olive oil, Kosher salt pepper, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Bacon-and-Egg Soup | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 pound slab or thick-cut bacon, cut into 1/4-inch cubes; 4 slices rustic Italian bread, cut into 1/2-inch cubes; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper; 2 cloves garlic, smashed; 3 cups low-sodium chicken broth; 1 1/4 cups grated parmesan cheese, plus 1 small piece rind; 4 tablespoons torn fresh parsley; 4 large eggs | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 375. Cook the bacon in a medium pot over medium heat until crisp, about 7 minutes. Transfer to a paper-towel-lined plate with a slotted spoon, then discard all but 2 tablespoons drippings from the pot. While the bacon cooks, toss the bread cubes with the olive oil on a baking sheet and season with salt and pepper. Bake until golden and crisp, about 8 minutes. Add the garlic to the bacon drippings and cook until slightly golden, 1 to 2 minutes. Add the broth, 1 1/2 cups water, the parmesan rind and 2 tablespoons parsley; season with salt and pepper. Cover and bring to a boil <END>
INPUT: Italian, puttanesca, tomato sauce, garlic, stuffed olives, capers, wine
OUTPUT: TITLE: Halibut Puttanesca | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cups tomato sauce, left over from Spaghetti and Meatballs or storebought; 4 cloves garlic, minced; 1/2 cup stuffed green olives, chopped; 3 tablespoons drained capers; 1/2 cup red wine; 2 teaspoons anchovy paste; 4 (5-ounce) halibut fillets; Salt and ground black pepper; 1/4 cup chopped fresh basil leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: Add tomato sauce to a saucepan. Add garlic, olives, capers, wine and anchovy paste and bring mixture to a simmer for 5 minutes over medium heat. Meanwhile, season halibut on both sides with salt and black pepper. Add halibut fillets to sauce, cover and simmer 3 to 5 minutes, until fish is fork tender. <END>
INPUT: Italian, veggie, Olive oil, Kosher salt, leek, pepper, All purpose flour
OUTPUT: TITLE: Veggie Pizza with Pesto | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: Olive oil; Kosher salt; 1 leek, cut into thin rings; Freshly ground black pepper; All-purpose flour, for dusting; 1 ball Homemade Pizza Dough, recipe follows, at room temperature; 1/3 cup Broccoli Pesto, recipe follows; One 8-ounce ball fresh mozzarella, sliced; 1/4 cup ricotta cheese; Freshly grated Parmesan, for serving; One 1/4-ounce package active dry yeast (2 1/4 teaspoons); 1/2 cup lukewarm water; 1 tablespoon honey; 1 1/4 cups all-purpose flour, plus more for dusting; 1/4 cup olive oil, plus more for bowl | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Heat a grill to medium-high heat and shut the lid. Let the grill heat for 20 minutes. Add a few glugs of olive oil to a small bowl and season with a pinch of salt. Add the leeks to a small bowl and drizzle with olive oil. Season with salt and pepper. Sprinkle your work surface with flour. Flatten the Homemade Pizza Dough with your hands and use your fingertips around the edges to define the crust. Flatten the center and stretch the pizza to a 12-inch round while rotating. You can toss it up into the air to get a nice stretch. Have all of your sauces, olive oil, t <END>
INPUT: Italian, tart, all purpose flour, sugar, orange peel, salt, baking powder
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sweet Ricotta Cheese Tart | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 3/4 cups all purpose flour; 1 cup sugar; 2 1/2 teaspoons grated orange peel; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/2 teaspoon baking powder; 1/2 cup (1 stick) chilled unsalted butter, diced; 4 large eggs; 1 15- to 16-ounce container ricotta cheese (preferably whole-milk); 3 ounces cream cheese, room temperature; 1 tablespoon cornstarch; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350°F. Combine flour, 1/2 cup sugar, 1 teaspoon orange peel, salt, and baking powder in food processor. Add butter and blend until coarse meal forms. Add 2 eggs and blend until moist clumps form. Turn out dough onto lightly floured surface and knead to combine well, about 1 minute. Divide into 2 pieces, one slightly larger. Wrap and chill smaller piece. Press larger piece over bottom and up sides of 9-inch-diameter tart pan with removable bottom. Using electric mixer, beat ricotta cheese, cream cheese, cornstarch, and vanilla in large bowl to blend. Beat in remaining 1/2 cup su <END>
INPUT: patties, confectioners sugar, light corn syrup, water, pure peppermint extract, vegetable shortening
OUTPUT: TITLE: Peppermint Patties | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 1/2 cups confectioners sugar (less than 1 pound), divided; 1 1/2 tablespoons light corn syrup; 1 1/2 tablespoons water; 1/2 teaspoon pure peppermint extract; 1 tablespoon vegetable shortening (preferably trans-fat-free); 10 ounces 70%-cacao bittersweet chocolate, coarsely chopped; Equipment: a 1-inch round cookie cutter; a digital instant-read thermometer | INSTRUCTIONS: Make filling: Beat 2 1/4 cups confectioners sugar with corn syrup, water, peppermint extract, shortening, and a pinch of salt using an electric mixer (with paddle attachment if using a stand mixer) at medium speed until just combined. Knead on a work surface dusted with remaining 1/4 cup confectioners sugar until smooth. Roll out between sheets of parchment paper on a large baking sheet into a 7- to 8-inch round (less than 1/4 inch thick). Freeze until firm, about 15 minutes. Remove top sheet of paper and sprinkle round with confectioners sugar. Replace top sheet, then flip round over and repe <END>
INPUT: American, caramel, apple, oats, slivered almonds, powdered sugar, all purpose flour, cinnamon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Caramel Apple-Pear Granola Cream Pie | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 3 cups oats; 1 cup slivered almonds, chopped; 3/4 cup powdered sugar; 2 tablespoons all-purpose flour; 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon; Dash salt; 1/2 cup butter, softened or melted; 1/2 cup sugar; 1/2 cup brown sugar; 1/4 cup lemon juice; 1/4 cup butter; 1 teaspoon maple flavoring; 2 tablespoons all-purpose flour; 2 tablespoons cornstarch; 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon | INSTRUCTIONS: Oatmeal Crust Preparation: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Combine oats, almonds, powdered sugar, flour, cinnamon and salt in a bowl. Stir in butter. Grease/spray a 9-inch pie pan. Press half of oatmeal mixture into bottom and up sides. Take remaining half of oatmeal mixture and spread it out onto a greased cookie sheet as if making 1 large cookie. Bake for 20 minutes or until golden brown. Set aside to cool while making pie filling. Apple-Pear Cream Filling Preparation: In a saucepan, whisk together sugars, lemon juice, butter and maple flavor over medium heat. In a small mixing bowl, combine  <END>
INPUT: Asian, water, rice vinegar, lemongrass, pickling spice, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Asian-Style Pickled Shrimp | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 2 1/4 cups water; 3 tablespoons rice vinegar; 2 tablespoons minced fresh lemongrass*; 1 1/2 tablespoons pickling spice; 1 tablespoon salt; 1 teaspoon whole black peppercorns; 2 pounds uncooked medium shrimp, unpeeled, rinsed; 1/2 cup plus 2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro; 4 small green onions, chopped (about 1/2 cup); 3 tablespoons minced pickled ginger,* 2 tablespoons ginger brine reserved | INSTRUCTIONS: Place first 6 ingredients in medium pot. Add shrimp. Cover; bring to boil. Uncover and boil until shrimp are just cooked through, about 2 minutes. Remove from heat. Stir in 1/2 cup chopped cilantro, green onions, pickled ginger, and ginger brine. Cool 1 hour. Chill uncovered until cold, then cover and chill at least 4 hours and up to 1 day. Using slotted spoon, transfer shrimp to medium bowl. Sprinkle with remaining 2 tablespoons cilantro. Place first 6 ingredients in medium pot. Add shrimp. Cover; bring to boil. Uncover and boil until shrimp are just cooked through, about 2 minutes. Remove fr <END>
INPUT: sour, pork spareribs, sugar, soy sauce, Chinese rice vinegar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Braised Sweet and Sour Spareribs | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 pounds lean pork spareribs, cut into single ribs; 3 tablespoons sugar; 2 tablespoons thin soy sauce; 1 tablespoon black soy sauce; 1 tablespoon Chinese red rice vinegar; 1 tablespoon ketchup; 1 tablespoon Shao Hsing rice cooking wine; 1/2 cup cold water | INSTRUCTIONS: Trim excess fat from the spareribs. Rinse in cold water and pat dry with paper towels until almost dry to the touch. Place spareribs in a 3 quart saucepan. Sprinkle them with sugar and toss to combine. Marinate 30 minutes. Pour off excess liquid. To the same pan, add thin and black soy sauce, vinegar, ketchup, rice wine, and 1/2 cup cold water, and stir to combine. Bring to a boil over high heat. Covered. Reduce to medium-low and simmer, stirring occasionally to make sure the sauce does not dry up (add a little water if necessary), for 1 hour, or until the spareribs are tender when pierced wit <END>
INPUT: American, cheesecake, unsalted butter, butter biscuits, walnuts, granulated sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Malted Milk Chocolate Cheesecake | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, softened; One 10-ounce package butter biscuits, wafers, or shortbread cookies; 1/3 cup walnuts; 2 tablespoons granulated sugar; 4 ounces (8 tablespoons, 1 stick) unsalted butter, melted and coole; 14 ounces milk chocolate, finely chopped; 1/2 cup heavy whipping cream; 1/2 cup malted milk powder; 2 pounds cream cheese, softened; 1 cup granulated sugar; 4 extra-large eggs, at room temperature; 1 cup sour cream; 2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract; 1 quart boiling water; Essential Gear: 9 1/2-inch round springform pan, heavy-duty aluminum foil, food processor or rolling pin, double boiler, small saucepan, whisk, electr | INSTRUCTIONS: Center a rack in the oven and preheat it to 300°F. Using a paper towel or your fingertips, generously butter the inside of the springform pan. Use a double layer of heavy-duty aluminum foil to wrap tightly around the bottom of the pan. This prevents any water from the water bath seeping into the pan. Center a rack in the oven and preheat it to 300°F. Using a paper towel or your fingertips, generously butter the inside of the springform pan. Use a double layer of heavy-duty aluminum foil to wrap tightly around the bottom of the pan. This prevents any water from the water bath seeping into the p <END>
INPUT: carrots, onions, dill, long lemon zest, virgin olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken-in-a-Pot | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 large carrots, cut into 1 1/2-inch chunks; 2 large onions, halved and thinly sliced; 4 sprigs fresh dill, plus 2 tablespoons roughly chopped; 4 long strips lemon zest; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; Kosher salt; 4 bone-in chicken breast halves, skin removed (2 1/2 to 3 pounds); 2 cups low-sodium chicken broth or stock | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: pressure cooker Put the carrots, onions, dill sprigs, lemon zest and olive oil in a 7-liter pressure cooker and sprinkle with salt. Sprinkle the chicken with salt. Pour the broth in the pot, and then nestle the chicken meat-side down on top of the vegetables. Close the pressure cooker lid and bring the pressure up to high over medium-high heat (this can take up to 10 minutes). Adjust the heat if necessary to maintain an even high pressure for 10 minutes. Remove from the heat and use the quick-release method to bring down the pressure. Stir the chopped dill into the chicken s <END>
INPUT: golden beets, Kosher salt, apple cider vinegar, balsamic vinegar, pomegranate molasses
OUTPUT: TITLE: Marinated Beets with Pomegranate Molasses and Toasted Pepitas | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 medium red or golden beets (about 2 pounds); Kosher salt; 1 tablespoon apple cider vinegar; 1 tablespoon balsamic vinegar; 2 teaspoons pomegranate molasses; 2 teaspoons dark brown sugar; Coarse sea salt; Freshly ground black pepper; 4 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 2 tablespoons toasted pepitas | INSTRUCTIONS: Fill a large pot three-quarters full with cold water and add the beets. Sprinkle the water generously with kosher salt. Bring to a boil over medium heat, and then reduce the heat and simmer gently until the beets are tender when pierced with the tip of a knife, 30 to 35 minutes. Drain and let cool for about 10 minutes. Peel the beets by "wiping" the skin off with a kitchen towel. Trim the tough parts of the tops and bottoms with a small knife and cut each beet into 6 to 8 wedges, like wedges of an orange. Place the beets in a bowl. Whisk together the cider vinegar, balsamic vinegar, pomegranat <END>
INPUT: Asian, stir, teriyaki sauce, sesame oil, ginger, garlic, salmon filet
OUTPUT: TITLE: Teriyaki Salmon Stir-Fry | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup teriyaki sauce; 2 teaspoons sesame oil; 1 tablespoon fresh ginger, finely chopped; 1 clove garlic, finely chopped; 1 pound salmon filet, skinned and cut into 1 1/2" cubes; 1 tablespoon vegetable oil; 10 ounces mushrooms, sliced; 1 head broccoli, cut into florets, boiled for 2 minutes and cooled in ice water; 1 tablespoon sesame seeds | INSTRUCTIONS: In a glass baking dish combine the teriyaki sauce, sesame oil, ginger and garlic. Add the salmon cubes and toss to coat. Let sit for 10 minutes. Heat oil in large skillet or wok until it is just smoking. Stir in the mushrooms and toss to cook quickly. Add the salmon and continue to toss and cook for another 1 minute. Add cooked broccoli and toss to coat. Pour in the remaining marinade from the salmon and sprinkle in the sesame seeds. Serve immediately with rice. <END>
INPUT: Italian, marvalasala, gravy, pappardelle pasta, Salt, pepper, virgin olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken Marvalasala and Pappardelle with Rosemary Gravy | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 3/4-pound pappardelle pasta (wide ribbons, substitute fettuccine if unavailable); Salt; 4 large, thin pieces boneless skinless chicken breast cutlets; Ground black pepper; 4 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil; 2 large cloves garlic, crushed; 2 portobello mushroom caps, sliced; 12 shiitakes, stemmed and sliced; 4 tablespoons butter; 2 tablespoons all-purpose flour; 2 tablespoons tomato paste, look for this in a tube (it's easy to store that way); 1 1/2 cups chicken stock, eyeball it; 2 tablespoons minced rosemary leaves, a couple of sprigs; 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce, eyeball it; 2 tablespoons capers, drained | INSTRUCTIONS: Put a large pot of water on to boil for the pasta. When it comes up to a boil, salt the water, drop in the pasta, and cook to al dente. While the pasta is working, season the chicken with salt and pepper. Heat a large nonstick skillet with 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, 2 turns of the pan, over medium to medium-high heat. Add the chicken to the pan and brown lightly on both sides; remove to a platter and cover with foil to hold in heat. To the same skillet, add 2 tablespoons more extra-virgin olive oil and 1 clove garlic. Cook garlic a minute or so, then remove and add the mushrooms. Le <END>
INPUT: sodas, milk, strawberry syrup, strawberry ice cream, seltzer taste, whipped cream
OUTPUT: TITLE: Strawberry Ice-Cream Sodas | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cups milk; 1 1/2 cups strawberry syrup; 1 quart strawberry ice cream; Chilled seltzer to taste; Garnish: whipped cream; 1 pound (about 1 1/4 pints) strawberries, hulled and sliced; 1/2 cup sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: Make strawberry syrup: In a food processor fitted with the steel blade or in a blender in batches, puree the strawberries, transfer the puree to a stainless steel or enameled saucepan, and stir in the sugar and 1/2 cup water. Bring the mixture to a boil over moderate heat, stirring, and simmer it for 3 minutes. Force the mixture through a fine sieve into a bowl and chill it, covered, for at least 3 hours. Makes about 1 1/2 cups In a food processor fitted with the steel blade or in a blender in batches, puree the strawberries, transfer the puree to a stainless steel or enameled saucepan, and st <END>
INPUT: applewood smoked bacon, onions, garlic, cannellini, root beer
OUTPUT: TITLE: Root Beer Baked Beans | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 slices applewood-smoked bacon, cut crosswise into 1-inch pieces; 3 1/2 cups chopped onions; 2 garlic cloves, minced; 4 15-ounce cans cannellini (white kidney beans), rinsed, drained; 1 1/2 cups root beer (preferably artisanal); 3 tablespoons apple cider vinegar; 3 tablespoons mild-flavored (light) molasses; 2 tablespoons tomato paste; 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard; 1 1/2 teaspoons chili powder; 1 teaspoon coarse kosher salt; 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 400°F. Cook bacon in large ovenproof pot over medium heat until crisp, stirring occasionally. Using slotted spoon, transfer bacon to paper towels. Add onions to drippings in pot; cook until beginning to brown, stirring often, about 8 minutes. Add garlic; stir 1 minute. Add beans, root beer, vinegar, molasses, tomato paste, mustard, chili powder, 1 teaspoon salt, and 1 teaspoon pepper; mix. Stir in bacon; bring to boil. Transfer to oven; bake uncovered until liquid thickens, about 30 minutes. Preheat oven to 400°F. Cook bacon in large ovenproof pot over medium heat until crisp,  <END>
INPUT: trifles, blood oranges, sugar, orange flavored liqueur, egg yolks, lemon juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Blood Orange Trifles | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 5 blood oranges; 2/3 cup sugar; 3 tablespoons orange-flavored liqueur; 3 large egg yolks; 1 teaspoon lemon juice; 1/2 cup cold heavy cream; 14 crisp ladyfingers, broken in half; Chopped pistachios, for topping | INSTRUCTIONS: Cut off the ends of the blood oranges. Slice off the peel and white pith with a paring knife. Cut between the membranes toward the center to release the segments. Squeeze the membranes over a bowl to extract the juice; strain out the seeds. Combine all but 1 tablespoon of the blood orange juice, 1/3 cup sugar, 1 tablespoon liqueur and 1/4 cup water in small saucepan. Bring to a boil and cook until syrupy, 2 to 3 minutes. Let cool. Bring 2 inches water to a simmer in a saucepan over medium-low heat. Whisk the egg yolks, lemon juice, the reserved 1 tablespoon blood orange juice and the remaining <END>
INPUT: cornbread, muffins, pure maple syrup, cornmeal, unbleached all purpose, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cornbread Muffins with Maple Butter | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 cup (1 1/2 sticks) unsalted butter, room temperature; 3 1/2 tablespoons pure maple syrup (preferably grade B); 1 cup yellow cornmeal; 1 cup unbleached all purpose flour; 1/4 cup sugar; 1 tablespoon baking powder; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 1 cup buttermilk; 1 large egg; 5 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, cooled slightly | INSTRUCTIONS: For maple butter: Using electric mixer, beat butter in medium bowl until creamy. Gradually beat in maple syrup until well blended and smooth. DO AHEAD Can be made 1 week ahead. Cover and refrigerate. Using electric mixer, beat butter in medium bowl until creamy. Gradually beat in maple syrup until well blended and smooth. DO AHEAD Can be made 1 week ahead. Cover and refrigerate. For muffins: Preheat oven to 375°F. Butter 12 regular (1/3-cup) muffin cups. Sift cornmeal, flour, sugar, baking powder, and salt into medium bowl. Whisk buttermilk and egg in another medium bowl; whisk in melted butte <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, squares, well stirred basil, sandwich bread, Kalamata olives, oil sun tomatoes, parsley
OUTPUT: TITLE: Olive Tomato Squares | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup well-stirred prepared basil pesto; 6 slices firm white sandwich bread, crusts discarded; 1/3 cup pitted Kalamata olives, slivered; 1/4 cup drained oil-packed sun-dried tomatoes, chopped; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh parsley | INSTRUCTIONS: Put oven rack in middle position and preheat oven to 400°F. Spread 2 teaspoons pesto evenly on each slice of bread, then quarter each slice. Toast bread squares on a baking sheet until undersides are golden, about 10 minutes. Soak olives and tomatoes in warm water to cover 5 minutes, then drain well and toss with parsley. Mound on toasts. Put oven rack in middle position and preheat oven to 400°F. Spread 2 teaspoons pesto evenly on each slice of bread, then quarter each slice. Toast bread squares on a baking sheet until undersides are golden, about 10 minutes. Soak olives and tomatoes in warm  <END>
INPUT: mayonnaise, egg yolk, salt, pepper, Dijon mustard, lemon juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Avocado Mayonnaise | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 large egg yolk; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 2 teaspoons Dijon mustard; 2 tablespoons lemon juice; 3/4 cup olive oil; 1 tablespoon boiling water; 1 avocado, peeled and pitted; 2 tablespoons fresh lime juice; 1/2 small red onion, minced; 1/2 bunch flatleaf parsley, leaves only coarsely chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large mixing bowl, whisk the yolk together with the salt, pepper, mustard, and lemon juice. Add the olive oil in a thin stream, very slowly at first, whisking constantly. Keep whisking until all the olive oil is completely absorbed. Whisk in the boiling water to stabilize the mayonnaise. In another bowl mash together the avocado and the lime juice. Stir the avocado, onion, and parsley into the mayonnaise and cover. If not using right away, refrigerate for up to 2 days. <END>
INPUT: cheesecake, summer, cream cheese, confectioners' sugar, Zest lime, Juice limes, vanilla bean paste
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fresh Cream Cheesecake with Summer Berries | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound cream cheese, at room temperature; 1 1/2 cups confectioners' sugar, sifted; Zest of 1 lime (about 1 teaspoon); Juice of 2 limes (about 1/3 cup); 1 tablespoon vanilla bean paste or vanilla extract; 2 1/2 cups heavy cream; 2 cups fresh blueberries; 1/3 cup water; 2 tablespoons sugar; 1 cup halved or sliced fresh strawberries; 1 cup fresh raspberries; 1/2 lime | INSTRUCTIONS: For the cheesecake: Line a medium (about 8-inches wide) sieve, fine strainer or colander with a double layer of damp cheesecloth and set over a bowl. Beat the cream cheese in a large bowl with a hand-held mixer on medium speed until smooth. Add the sugar, lime zest and juice, and vanilla. Beat until light and fluffy, scraping the sides of the bowl and beaters as needed. In another bowl, beat the cream just until it holds a stiff peak. Stir about 1/3 of the whipped cream into the cream cheese mixture to lighten the cream cheese. Gradually fold in the remaining whipped cream to make a light mous <END>
INPUT: nectarines, sugar, lemon juice, half half, heavy cream
OUTPUT: TITLE: Nectarine Ice Cream | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 large nectarines; 3/4 cup sugar; 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice; 1 cup half-and-half; 1/2 cup heavy cream; a 2-inch piece of vanilla bean; 1/4 teaspoon finely grated fresh lemon zest | INSTRUCTIONS: Peel the nectarines, reserving the peelings, and slice them, reserving the pits. In a food processor combine the nectarine slices, 1/2 cup of the sugar, and the lemon juice and pulse the motor until the nectarine slices are chopped coarse. Transfer the mixture to a bowl and chill it, covered. In a saucepan heat the half-and-half, the cream, the reserved nectarine peelings and pits, the remaining 1/4 cup sugar, the vanilla bean, the zest, and a pinch of salt over moderate heat until the mixture is very hot but not boiling;. Remove the pan from the heat, let the mixture cool to room temperature, <END>
INPUT: gratin, unsalted butter, all purpose flour, half half, Parmesan
OUTPUT: TITLE: Leek and Potato Gratin | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 1/4 pounds (about 3 large) white and pale green parts of leek, well washed, chopped; 3 tablespoons unsalted butter; 2 tablespoons all-purpose flour; 2 cups half-and-half, scalded; 1/4 cup grated Parmesan plus 2 tablespoons; 1/4 cup grated Gruyere plus 2 tablespoons; 2 teaspoons Dijon mustard, or to taste; Freshly grated nutmeg; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 1/2 pounds (about 3 medium-large) russet (baking) potatoes, peeled, cut into 1-inch cubes | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. In a saucepan, cook the leeks in 2 tablespoons of the butter over medium heat, stirring, until they are softened. Add the flour and cook the mixture over low heat, stirring for 3 minutes. Add the half-and-half, bring the liquid to a boil, and simmer the mixture, stirring occasionally, for 5 minutes. Stir in 1/4 cup each of the Parmesan and Gruyere, mustard, nutmeg, and salt and pepper, to taste. In a separate saucepan combine the potatoes with enough water and salt to cover them by 2-inches, bring the water to a boil, and simmer the potatoes for 1 minute. Drain t <END>
INPUT: glaze, relish, tomatoes, onion, parsley, pepper flakes, wine vinegar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pan Roasted Salmon Steaks with Sherry Vinegar-Honey Glaze and Spicy Tomato Relish and Parsleyed Pota | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 medium ripe tomatoes, coarsely chopped; 2 tablespoons red onion, finely diced; 1 tablespoon finely chopped parsley; 1/2 teaspoon red pepper flakes; 1/4 cup red wine vinegar; 1/4 cup olive oil; Salt and freshly ground pepper; 1 cup aged sherry vinegar; 1/4 cup Dijon mustard; 1/2 cup honey; 2 tablespoons ancho chile powder; Salt and pepper; 1 tablespoon olive oil; 4 salmon steaks, 6 or 7 ounces each; 1 stick unsalted butter | INSTRUCTIONS: For the Spicy Tomato Relish: Combine all ingredients in a medium bowl and let rest at room temperature for 30 minutes. For the Salmon: In a small saucepan over high heat, reduce the vinegar to 1/4 cup. In a mixing bowl, combine the vinegar syrup with the mustard, honey and ancho chile powder and season to taste with salt and pepper. Let rest at room temperature for 30 minutes. Heat the tablespoon of oil in a medium saute pan until almost smoking. Brush the salmon on both sides with the glaze. Place in the pan and cook until lightly golden brown. Place in the oven and continue cooking for 5 to  <END>
INPUT: saute, strip bacon, onion, garlic, okra, corn kernels
OUTPUT: TITLE: Okra and Black-Eye Pea Saute | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 pound strip bacon, cut into 1/4-inch pieces; 1 cup yellow onion, diced; 1 1/2 tablespoon garlic, chopped; 3 cups fresh okra, cut into rounds; 2 cups fresh corn kernels; 2 fresh small red hot chiles, chopped; 2 cups cooked black-eyed peas, recipe follows; 1 cup green onion, diced; Oven dried cherry tomatoes, recipe follows; Salt; Pepper; Freshly chopped parsley and Italian parsley leaves, for garnish; 2 cups black-eye peas; Water, to cover; 1 onion, quartered, with a bay leaf attached with a clove | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large saute pan, cook bacon until fat is rendered. Remove bacon with slotted spoon and set aside. Saute yellow onion and garlic in bacon drippings until soft. Add okra, corn, and chile pepper and cook until tender, about 10 minutes. Add black-eyed peas, green onion, and cherry tomatoes and cook an additional 5 minutes. Season with salt, pepper and chopped parsley and toss in reserved bacon. Soak 2 cups beans overnight in water to cover. Rinse the beans and place in a pot with enough water to cover the beans. Add the onion and the black pepper. Over high heat, allow to come to boil then re <END>
INPUT: Mexican, herb, garlic, baby spinach leaves, flat leafed parsley, celery leaves, cilantro leaves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Herb Jam with Olives and Lemon | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 4 large garlic cloves, halved; 1 pound baby spinach leaves; 1 large bunch of flat-leafed parsley (about 4 ounces), stems discarded; 1/2 cup celery leaves, coarsely chopped; 1/2 cup cilantro leaves, stemmed; 1/4 cup extra virgin olive oil; 12 oil-cured black olives (about 1 ounce), pitted, rinsed, and coarsely chopped; 1 1/4 teaspoons Spanish sweet smoked paprika (pimentón de la Vera); Pinch of cayenne; Pinch of ground cumin; 1 tablespoon lemon juice, or more to taste; Salt and freshly ground pepper; Crackers or semolina bread | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. Put the garlic cloves in a large steamer basket set over a pan of simmering water and top with the spinach, parsley, celery, and cilantro. Cover and steam until the garlic is soft and the greens are very tender, about 15 minutes. Let cool, then squeeze the greens dry, finely chop, and set aside. Using the back of a fork, mash the garlic cloves. 2. In a medium cazuela set over a flame-tamer or in a heavy-bottomed skillet, heat 1 tablespoon of the olive oil until shimmering. Add the mashed garlic, olives, paprika, cayenne, and cumin and stir over moderately high heat for 30 seconds, or until  <END>
INPUT: Asian, lentils, Brain Boosting Broth, garlic, sweet potato, celery
OUTPUT: TITLE: Red Lentils and Kale with Miso | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup dried red lentils, rinsed; 4 cups Brain-Boosting Broth; 3 cloves garlic, chopped; 1 sweet potato, peeled and chopped; 2 celery stalks, chopped; 1 yellow onion, chopped; 2 cups Roma tomatoes, chopped; 1 tablespoon white miso; 1 bunch kale, stemmed and chopped; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 6 fresh sage leaves, finely chopped, plus extra for garnish; 1 sheet nori, julienned, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Place the lentils in a large saucepan and cover with 1 1/2 cups of the broth. Bring to a simmer over medium heat and cook, uncovered, until the lentils are tender, about 25 minutes. Stir in the garlic, sweet potato, celery, onion, tomatoes, and the remaining 2 1/2 cups of broth. Continue to cook, uncovered, for about 20 minutes, or until the sweet potato is tender. Stir in the miso, kale, and sage. Season to taste with salt and pepper, ladle into bowls, garnish with the nori, and serve. Place the lentils in a large saucepan and cover with 1 1/2 cups of the broth. Bring to a simmer over medium  <END>
INPUT: compote, honeycrisp McIntosh apples, orange juice, lemon juice, dark sugar, scrapes nutmeg
OUTPUT: TITLE: Apple Compote | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 honeycrisp or McIntosh apples, peeled, cored and chopped; 1/2 cup orange juice; 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice; 1/4 cup dark brown sugar; 2 to 3 scrapes of fresh nutmeg; Salt | INSTRUCTIONS: In a saucepot on medium-high heat, add the apples, orange juice, lemon juice, brown sugar and nutmeg. Simmer over medium heat until the apples are tender and the juices are thickened to a thin syrup, 10 to 12 minutes. Season with a pinch of salt. <END>
INPUT: pudding, milk, grain rice, sugar, cinnamon, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Vanilla Rice Pudding with Dried Cherries | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 cups plus 1 tablespoon whole milk; 1/2 cup medium-grain white rice; 1/2 cup sugar; 1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 1 1/2 teaspoons cornstarch; 3 large eggs; 1/2 cup dried tart cherries or cranberries; 2 teaspoons vanilla extract; 1 teaspoon fresh lemon juice | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine 4 cups milk, rice, sugar, cinnamon and salt in heavy large saucepan. Bring to boil over medium-high heat, stirring frequently. Reduce heat to medium and simmer until rice is very tender, stirring occasionally, about 25 minutes. Whisk cornstarch and 1 tablespoon milk in large bowl to blend. Add eggs; whisk to blend. Whisk in hot rice mixture. Return to saucepan. Add cherries; stir over low heat just until mixture comes to boil. Mix in vanilla and lemon juice. Serve warm or pour pudding into buttered medium bowl. Press plastic wrap onto surface. Chill until cold, at least 8 hours or over <END>
INPUT: Italian, risotto, Day After Turkey, onion, assorted mushrooms, arborio carnaroli rice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Turkey and Mushroom Risotto | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 8 cups Day-After Turkey Stock; 4 tablespoons (1/2 stick) unsalted butter, divided; 1 small yellow onion, thinly sliced; 2 cups assorted fresh mushrooms (preferably wild, but white buttons will do), thinly sliced; 2 cups arborio or carnaroli rice; 1 cup shredded leftover turkey meat (optional); 1/2 cup shredded Parmesan; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 tablespoons finely chopped flat-leaf parsley | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring stock to a simmer in a medium pot over medium heat. Reduce heat to low. Cover and keep warm. Meanwhile, melt 3 tablespoons butter in a large pot over medium heat until it begins to foam. Add onion. Sauté, stirring occasionally, until onion is soft and translucent and just beginning to turn golden, about 5 minutes. Add mushrooms; cook, stirring occasionally, until soft, and any liquid released has evaporated, 5-7 minutes. Add rice; stir to coat. Add 1/2 cup warm stock and stir constantly until liquid is absorbed. Continue adding stock by 1/2-cupfuls, stirring constantly, until rice is ten <END>
INPUT: sandwiches, unblanched almonds, olive oil, lemon juice, lemon peel, sage
OUTPUT: TITLE: Toasted Almond and Pecorino Sandwiches | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 cups whole unblanched almonds (about 1 pound), toasted, cooled; 1/2 cup plus 2 tablespoons olive oil; 3 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 1 tablespoon grated lemon peel; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh sage; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/4 teaspoon ground black pepper; 12 1/2-inch-thick slices country-style bread (each about 3 1/2x5 1/2 inches); 1 10- to 12-ounce wedge pecorino cheese, cut into very thin slices; Additional olive oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Coarsely chop nuts in processor. Add next 6 ingredients. Blend until mixture forms coarse paste. (Can be made 3 days ahead. Cover and chill. Let stand at room temperature 1 hour before using.) Divide almond paste among half of bread slices; spread to cover. Top with cheese. Sprinkle with pepper. Cover with remaining bread slices. Brush tops with oil. Heat 2 large nonstick skillets over medium-high heat. Add 3 sandwiches, oiled side down, to each skillet. Cook until bread is crusty on bottom, about 6 minutes. Brush tops with oil. Turn sandwiches over. Cook until brown and crusty on bottom, pres <END>
INPUT: Italian, mayonnaise, garlic, salt, loosely basil leaves, egg, lemon juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Quick Basil Mayonnaise | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 garlic clove; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 2 cups loosely packed fresh basil leaves; 1 large egg*; 4 teaspoons fresh lemon juice; 3/4 cup vegetable oil; 1/4 cup olive oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Mince and mash the garlic to a paste with the salt. In a food processor or blender blend together the basil, the egg, the lemon juice and the garlic paste, with the motor running add the oils in a slow stream, and blend the mayonnaise well. Season the mayonnaise with salt and pepper. *RAW EGG WARNING Food Network Kitchens suggest caution in consuming raw and lightly-cooked eggs due to the slight risk of Salmonella or other food-borne illness. To reduce this risk, we recommend you use only fresh, properly-refrigerated, clean, grade A or AA eggs with intact shells, and avoid contact between the  <END>
INPUT: pickled matjes herring, onions, dill, wine vinegar, pepper taste
OUTPUT: TITLE: Matjes Herring with Red Onion and Dill | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 10 pickled matjes herring fillets (about 1 1/2 pounds); 2 medium red onions, chopped fine; 1 cup finely chopped fresh dill sprigs; 1/4 cup red-wine vinegar; freshly ground black pepper to taste; 1/2 cup vegetable oil; Accompaniment: boiled small potatoes (preferably new) | INSTRUCTIONS: Rinse herring under cold water and pat dry with paper towels. Cut fillets crosswise into 3/4-inch pieces. In a 1-quart glass or ceramic crock or bowl arrange some herring in one layer. Top herring with a layer of some onions and sprinkle with some dill. Layer remaining herring, onions, and dill in same manner. In a small bowl whisk together vinegar, pepper, and salt to taste and add oil in a stream, whisking until emulsified. Pour dressing over herring mixture. Chill herring mixture, covered, stirring occasionally, at least 8 hours and up to 2 days. Rinse herring under cold water and pat dry w <END>
INPUT: brownies, sugar, eggs, water, vanilla extract
OUTPUT: TITLE: Candy Bar Chocolate Brownies | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 sticks (12 tablespoons) butter, melted, plus a little more for greasing the pan; 1 1/2 cups sugar; 2 large eggs; 2 tablespoons water; 1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/2 teaspoon baking powder; 3/4 cups unsweetened cocoa powder; 1/2 cup all-purpose flour; 10 mini chocolate-peanut candy bars, crumbled (about 1 1/2 cups), refrigerator cold (recommended - Snickers fun size) | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Grease a 9 by 13-inch cake pan (aluminum is fine) with butter. Beat the 1 1/2 sticks butter and the sugar together in a large bowl until blended. Beat in the eggs 1 at a time, then stir in water and vanilla. Sprinkle the salt and baking powder over the mixture, then mix in. Do the same with the cocoa. Finally, stir in the flour until just blended. Put the candy bars in a food processor or blender and pulse on low speed until all the bars have been reduced to a coarse crumble. Fold the crumble into the batter thoroughly. Scrape the b <END>
INPUT: smoked salmon, potato chips, tbs crème fraîche, Chive
OUTPUT: TITLE: Smoked Salmon Chips | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 slices of smoked salmon; 12 large potato chips; 2 tbs crème fraîche (or sour cream); Chive, thyme or dill for decoration | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. Divide each salmon slice in two, roll them to an appropriate size, and place them on the chips. 2. Put the crème fraiche in a plastic bag and cut a little hole in one corner to make the bag work as a piping bag. Pipe about 1/2 tsp onto each salmon chip. 3. Decorate with chive, thyme, or dill. 1. Divide each salmon slice in two, roll them to an appropriate size, and place them on the chips. 2. Put the crème fraiche in a plastic bag and cut a little hole in one corner to make the bag work as a piping bag. Pipe about 1/2 tsp onto each salmon chip. 3. Decorate with chive, thyme, or dill. Simpli <END>
INPUT: creamed, spinach leaves, heavy cream, Grey salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Creamed Spinach | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 pounds fresh spinach leaves, washed thoroughly but not dried too much; 1 cup heavy cream; Grey salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large pot with a lid, place washed spinach, and cook covered over medium heat, until spinach wilts. Drain and squeeze out all excess water. Be sure all moisture is removed from cooked spinach. Chop, if desired, and set aside. In heavy bottomed pot, over low heat, bring cream to a simmer until reduced by half, about 4 minutes. Add spinach and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Allow creamed spinach to infuse flavors for just 1 to 2 minutes and it's ready to eat. <END>
INPUT: nests, ketchup, cherry preserves, vegetable oil, kosher salt, cinnamon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Crispy Potato Nests with Cherry Ketchup | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup ketchup; 3 tablespoons cherry preserves; 3 cups vegetable oil, or enough to fill your pot with 3 inches; 2 teaspoons kosher salt; 1/4 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 3 russet potatoes, scrubbed clean | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: a deep-fry thermometer and a spiralizer In the bowl of a food processor, combine the ketchup and cherry preserves. Puree until smooth. Set aside or refrigerate until ready to use. Heat the oil in a medium Dutch oven or deep saucepan over medium-high heat until it reaches 350 degrees F on a deep-fry thermometer. In a small bowl, mix together the salt and cinnamon. Using the medium-thick blade on a spiralizer, cut the potatoes into spirals. In small batches (about 3/4 cup each), fry the potatoes, turning them as needed with a spider so they brown evenly, until they are lightly <END>
INPUT: Mexican, soup, onion, garlic, bay leaf, olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken Tortilla Soup | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2 bone-in, skin-on chicken breasts (1 1/2 pounds); 1 onion, chopped; 2 cloves garlic, smashed, plus 4 cloves, finely chopped; 1 bay leaf; 1 tablespoon olive oil; 1 sweet onion, such as Vidalia, finely chopped; 1 jalapeno, seeded and diced; 2 teaspoons chili powder; 1 teaspoon ground cumin; 1/2 teaspoon cayenne pepper; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; One 14.5-ounce can diced tomatoes in their juices; Two 15-ounce cans low-sodium black beans, rinsed and drained; Four 6-inch corn tortillas, cut into strips | INSTRUCTIONS: Greek yogurt and cilantro, for topping, optional. Put the chicken in a large saucepan and cover with 8 cups of cold water. Add the onion, 2 smashed cloves garlic and bay leaf and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat to a simmer and cook, stirring occasionally and skimming any foam that may appear on the surface, until the chicken is cooked through, about 30 minutes. Remove the chicken to a plate to cool for 25 minutes; reserve the broth. Discard the skin and bones, shred the meat and reserve it for later. Strain and reserve the broth into a large measuring cup or bowl (you should have 6 cups, supp <END>
INPUT: apple cider vinegar, sugar, mustard seeds, Kosher salt, bay leaves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pickled Corn and Peppers | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/3 cups apple cider vinegar; 2/3 cup sugar; 2 tablespoons yellow mustard seeds; Kosher salt; 2 bay leaves; 2 ears of corn; 1/2 green bell pepper, cut into 1/2-inch strips; 1/2 red or orange bell pepper, cut into 1/2-inch strips; 1 stalk celery, peeled to remove strings, cut into thirds; 2 small red jalapeno peppers, thinly sliced | INSTRUCTIONS: Make the brine: Combine the vinegar, sugar, mustard seeds, 2 teaspoons salt and the bay leaves in a medium saucepan. Bring to a simmer over medium heat; cook, stirring to dissolve the sugar, about 5 minutes. Remove from the heat and let cool completely. Meanwhile, bring a large pot of water to a boil. Cut the corn crosswise into 1-to-2-inch pieces with a serrated knife. Add to the boiling water and cook until crisp-tender, about 5 minutes; transfer to a colander using a slotted spoon and rinse under cold water until cool. Add the bell pepper and celery to the boiling water and cook 2 minutes;  <END>
INPUT: French, tarragon, Italian parsley, chives, olive oil, Coarse kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Branzino and Roasted Baby Vegetables with Tarragon-Chive Oil | CUISINE: French | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup chopped fresh tarragon; 1/4 cup chopped fresh Italian parsley; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh chives; 9 tablespoons olive oil (not extra-virgin), divided; Coarse kosher salt; 6 branzino or striped bass fillets with skin (each about 5 ounces); 2 tablespoons olive oil; Roasted Baby Vegetables | INSTRUCTIONS: For tarragon-chive oil: Puree herbs and 4 tablespoons oil in blender until smooth. Transfer to small bowl; whisk in remaining 5 tablespoons oil. Season herb oil to taste with coarse salt and pepper. Puree herbs and 4 tablespoons oil in blender until smooth. Transfer to small bowl; whisk in remaining 5 tablespoons oil. Season herb oil to taste with coarse salt and pepper. For branzino: Preheat oven to 400°F. Pat fillets dry. Sprinkle on both sides with salt and pepper. Heat oil in large nonstick skillet over medium-high heat. Add 3 fillets, skin side down. Sauté until brown, about 3 minutes. Tr <END>
INPUT: Asian, cucumber, kimchi, vegetable oil, pork belly, Salt pepper, celery, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sweet Soy Ginger Glazed Pork Belly with Bamboo Rice and Cucumber Kimchi | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon vegetable oil; 1 1/2 pounds pork belly; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 stalks celery, chopped; 1 yellow onion, chopped; 1 carrot, chopped; 2 quarts pork or chicken stock; 1 tablespoon minced fresh ginger root; 1 tablespoon minced shallot; 1 teaspoon olive oil; 1 cup bamboo rice (see Cook's Note); 1 teaspoon salt; 1/2 teaspoon ground white pepper; 10 cloves garlic, sliced thin; 2 tablespoons granulated sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: a chinois strainer For the pork belly: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Heat the vegetable oil in a Dutch oven or deep saute pan over high heat. Season the pork belly with salt and pepper on all sides and sear until golden brown on all sides, about 8 minutes. Add the celery, onion and carrot around the sides of the pork belly and let them begin to heat for another 2 or 3 minutes. Pour in the pork stock (or chicken stock if you don't have pork), cover, and cook in the oven until the pork is tender, about 2 hours. Let cool in the braising liquid until cold all the way throug <END>
INPUT: white, salad, onion, garlic, plum tomatoes, lemon
OUTPUT: TITLE: White Bean Salad with Grilled Figs | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 (15-ounce) cans cannellini beans; 1/2 red onion, thinly sliced; 2 cloves garlic, thinly sliced; 4 plum tomatoes, seeded and diced; 1 lemon, juiced; 3 tablespoons olive oil, plus more for drizzling; 1/2 pound pancetta, small dice; 12 figs, halved; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 cup crumbled blue cheese; 1/4 cup chopped parsley leaves; 1 teaspoon chopped thyme leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the grill to high heat. In a large serving bowl add the beans, onions, garlic, tomatoes, and lemon juice. Add 2 tablespoons of the olive oil and toss together. Cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate until chilled. In a large saute pan coated with the remaining 1 tablespoon olive oil, add the pancetta. Toss and stir until crispy and browned, about 3 to 4 minutes. Remove from the pan to a paper towel lined plate and set aside. Add the figs to a small bowl and add salt and pepper, to taste. Drizzle with olive oil and toss. Arrange the figs on the hot grill and cook until a nice char is a <END>
INPUT: fruity wine, sugar, orange juice, orange peel, strip lemon peel
OUTPUT: TITLE: Poached Apples with Vanilla Yogurt | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cups fruity red wine (such as Syrah or Zinfandel); 3/4 cup sugar; 1/3 cup fresh orange juice; 2 3x1" strips orange peel (white pith trimmed); 1 3x1" strip of lemon peel (white pith trimmed); 1 cinnamon stick; 1 whole star anise; 4 medium Pink Lady, Golden Delicious, or Braeburn apples, peeled, cored; 1 cup 2% Greek-style yogurt; 1 1/2 tablespoons honey; 1 vanilla bean, split lengthwise | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine wine, sugar, orange juice, orange peel, lemon peel, cinnamon stick, star anise, and 2 cups water in a large heavy saucepan over medium heat. Bring to a boil, stirring until sugar is dissolved. Add apples; reduce heat to low and simmer, occasionally rotating apples, until tender when pierced with a sharp knife, 25-30 minutes. Using a slotted spoon, transfer apples to a plate and set aside. Strain poaching liquid in pan into a small saucepan, discarding solids in strainer. Set saucepan over medium-high heat and simmer, stirring occasionally, until poaching liquid is syrupy and reduced to <END>
INPUT: American, sunday, supper, potatoes, Salt, milk, cream cheese, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sunday Supper Stuffed Pork Chops, Cream Cheese Potatoes, Sugar Snap Peas | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 1/2 pounds potatoes, peeled and cut into chunks; Salt; 1/2 cup milk; 4 ounces cream cheese; 1 small onion finely chopped; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh chives, optional; 1 tablespoon olive oil or vegetable oil, plus some for drizzling; 2 slices bacon, chopped; 1 small McIntosh apple, chopped; 2 ribs celery from the heart, finely chopped; 1 small onion, chopped; 2 tablespoons freshly chopped sage leaves, or 1 teaspoon ground dried sage; 2 tablespoons freshly chopped thyme leaves, or 1 teaspoon dried leaves; Freshly ground black pepper; 2 store bought corn muffins | INSTRUCTIONS: Cover potatoes with water and season with salt. Cover pan to bring potatoes to a quick boil. Boil potatoes until tender, about 12 minutes. Drain potatoes and return them to the hot pot to dry. Set aside. Heat milk, cream cheese and onion over medium low heat until cream cheese melts into milk and mixture bubbles. Pour hot milk and cream cheese into the potatoes and mash to desired consistency. Add a little extra milk for softer potatoes. Season with salt, to your taste, and transfer to a serving dish. Garnish with chopped chives. Preheat a medium skillet over medium high heat. Add oil and baco <END>
INPUT: cake, nutmeg, pumpkin pie spice, baking powder, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Porter Cake | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 2/3 c (1 lb) all-purpose ﬂour; 1 tsp grated or ground nutmeg; 1 tsp pumpkin pie spice; 1 tsp baking powder; Pinch of salt; 16 tbsp (2 sticks) butter, softened; 1 c (8 oz) light brown sugar; 1 lb golden or regular raisins or a mixture of both; 3 oz chopped candied peel; 2 eggs; One 12-oz bottle of porter or stout | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350°F (180°C). Line the sides and base of an 8-inch high-sided round cake pan (the sides should be about 2 3/4 inches high) with wax paper. Sift the ﬂour, nutmeg, pie spice, baking powder and salt into a bowl. Rub in the butter, then stir in the sugar, raisins and the candied peel. Whisk the eggs in another bowl, add the porter or stout, then pour into the dry ingredients and mix well. Pour into the prepared pan and bake for about 2 hours in the preheated oven. If it starts to brown too quickly on top, cover it with foil or wax paper after about 1 hour. The cake is cooked w <END>
INPUT: Indian, shrimp, chutney, water, apple cider vinegar, from container Dole, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sauteed Shrimp with Peppers, Spicy Peach Chutney and Cheese Grit Cakes | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 5 cups water; 4 cups apple cider vinegar; 1 1/2 ounces from a container of Dole Orchard Peach frozen concentrate; 1 tablespoon ground cloves; 1 tablespoon diced fresh garlic; 3 tablespoons fresh chopped ginger; Salt; 1/4 cup brown sugar; 2/3 cup seeded, minced fresh jalapeno peppers; 3 cups chopped onion; 2 cups dried cherries, diced; 5 fresh peaches, peeled, pitted and diced; 2 tablespoons cold water; 2 tablespoons cornstarch; 4 cups water | INSTRUCTIONS: For the chutney: Mix water, cider vinegar, peach juice concentrate, ground cloves, garlic, ginger, salt to taste,sugar, jalapeno peppers and onion in a large saucepan. Simmer uncovered for 30 minutes. It will be liquid. Add cherries and peaches and simmer 15 minutes more to plump up the cherries and cook the peaches. Mix cold water and cornstarch and stir into chutney. Cook, stirring, about 30 seconds. You may want to add more cornstarch water if you prefer a thicker product. For the grit cakes: Boil water and add salt. Slowly stir in grits. Cook until thick. Remove from heat and add butter, c <END>
INPUT: float, gobs, all purpose flour, baking powder, baking soda, salt, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Root Beer Float Gobs | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 1/2 cups all-purpose flour; 1/2 teaspoon baking powder; 1 1/2 teaspoons baking soda; 1 teaspoon salt; 2 cups sugar, sifted; 8 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened, cut in 1/2-inch cubes; 2 eggs, separated, at room temperature; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; 1 cup buttermilk, at room temperature; 2 tablespoons sour cream; 3 tablespoons root beer extract; 8 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened, cut in 1/2-inch cubes; 12 tablespoons cream cheese, cut in 1/2-inch cubes; 2 tablespoons vanilla extract; 1 large vanilla bean, seeds scraped and reserved | INSTRUCTIONS: For the Batter 1. Preheat the oven to 350°F. Line three 8-by-13-inch cookie sheets with parchment paper. 2. In a large bowl, sift together the flour, baking powder, baking soda, and salt. Whisk the dry ingredients until they're evenly distributed. 3. In another large bowl, cream the sugar and butter with a mixer on medium speed. Add the egg yolks to the creamed ingredients, and mix on medium. Then add the egg whites and vanilla, and mix on medium-high until the mixture looks like dense pudding. 4. Alternate adding the dry ingredients and the buttermilk to the egg mixture, mixing on medium spee <END>
INPUT: salty, egg, kosher salt, sugar, almonds
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sweet and Salty Bacon and Nuts | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 8 ounces (8 to 9 slices), applewood-smoked bacon, cut crosswise into 1-inch pieces; 1 large egg white; 1/4 teaspoon kosher salt; 1/3 cup sugar; 1 cup raw almonds (about 5 ounces); 1 cup walnuts, coarsely chopped (about 4 ounces); 1/4 teaspoon cayenne pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Cook the bacon over medium heat in a large skillet until brown and crisp, 8 to 9 minutes. Remove the bacon using a slotted spoon and drain on paper towels. Pour 1/4 cup of the bacon fat on a heavy rimmed baking sheet and spread evenly. Beat the egg white and salt until just foamy using a whisk in a medium bowl. Gradually add the sugar and beat until just blended. Add the almonds, walnuts and cayenne pepper. Toss until the nuts are coated. Spread the nut mixture in a single layer on the baking sheet. Bake until the nuts are crisp <END>
INPUT: pacific, Ice cubes, ginger ale, hard apple cider, apple Schnapps
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pacific Cider | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Ice cubes; 1 part ginger ale; 1 part hard apple cider; 1 part green apple Schnapps | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large glass filled with ice, pour in equal parts ginger ale, hard apple cider and green apple Schnapps. <END>
INPUT: stock, fish bones from, onion, celery, leek, flat leaf parsley
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fish Stock | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 pounds fish bones from non-oily fish (such as red snapper, flounder, sea bass or sole. Avoid salmon, pompano, and tuna); 1 large onion, peeled and diced; 2 stalks celery, washed and chopped including leaves; 1 leek, split, washed, and sliced; 1/4 cup chopped flat-leaf parsley, leaves and stems; 1 tablespoon dried thyme; 2 bay leaves; 1 teaspoon white peppercorns; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 2 quarts water; 1/2 cup dry white wine, such as Chardonnay | INSTRUCTIONS: Wash the bones in cold water to remove any scales or unwanted materials, then combine all ingredients in a large pot. Quickly bring just to a boil, then lower the heat to a slow simmer and cook 1 hour. While the stock simmers, skim and discard any coagulated proteins from the fish bones that rise to the surface. Remove from the heat, pour the stock through a fine-mesh sieve lined with cheesecloth, and then cool as quickly as possible in an ice water bath. Refrigerated and covered, the fish stock should keep well for up to 1 week. The stock can also be kept frozen as long as 6 months. <END>
INPUT: American, keawe, Paniolo Rounemup seasoning, Kona coffee, salt, baby back, water
OUTPUT: TITLE: Keawe Grilled Baby Back Ribs with Kona Coffee Bbq Grilling and Dipping Sauce | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 5 tablespoons Paniolo Rounemup seasoning (or use 2 tablespoons paprika, 2 tablespoons ground cumin, 1 tablespoon salt, 1 1/2 teaspoons ground black pe; 2 1/2 tablespoons Kona coffee, finely ground; 1 teaspoon salt; 8 baby back ribs; 30 ounces water; 10 ounces Worcestershire sauce; 2 (12-ounce) bottles Kona Coffee BBQ grilling and dipping sauce | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Special equipment: Keawe wood Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. Grind the Paniolo spice together with the coffee and salt (or the coffee with paprika, cumin, salt and pepper). Rub spice mixture over all the ribs. Place ribs in a heavy roasting pan and cook uncovered for 12 minutes, drain off excess fat. Lower the oven temperature to 375 degrees F. Mix together water and Worcestershire sauce and pour around ribs. Cover pan tightly with foil and bake until tender, about 1 hour 45 minutes. Ribs may be prepared to this point a few days in advance. To prepare barbecue, l <END>
INPUT: sauce, onion, carrots, bay leaves, parsley
OUTPUT: TITLE: Turkey in Walnut Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 (8 to 10-pound) turkey, cut into 8 pieces; 1 onion, quartered; 2 carrots, chopped; 2 bay leaves; 6 sprigs parsley; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 3 tablespoons walnut oil; 2 teaspoons paprika; 2 slices French bread, crusts removed; Milk; 3 cups walnuts; 3 cloves garlic, minced; 1 small onion, finely diced; 1 tablespoon paprika; 1/4 teaspoon cayenne pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Rinse the turkey pieces and pat dry. Bring 4 quarts of water to a boil in a large pot, along with the onion, carrots, bay leaves, parsley, and salt and pepper. Simmer gently for 20 minutes. Add the turkey pieces and simmer for another 35 to 45 minutes, just until done. Turn off heat, and let turkey cool in the cooking liquid. Discard the skin and bones, shred meat into bite-sized pieces, and reserve. Strain turkey stock and reserve. Infuse the walnut oil with the paprika by heating the oil in a small saucepan until warm and stirring in the paprika. Leave mixture in a warm area near the stove.  <END>
INPUT: Asian, rainbow, noodles, carrots, English, bean sprouts, bell pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Rainbow Peanut Noodles | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 pound thin noodles, such as linguine, cooked until just tender, rinsed under cold water, drained, and tossed with 1 teaspoon toasted sesame oil; 5 carrots, peeled and grated; 2 English (seedless) cucumbers, peeled, halved lengthwise, seeded, shredded, and squeezed dry; 2 cups bean sprouts, rinsed and drained; 1 red bell pepper, cored, seeded, and cut into thin strings (about 1 cup); 2 cups sliced cooked chicken (cut into thin strips); 1 1/2 tablespoons minced scallion greens; Chinese Peanut Dressing, recipe follows; One 1/2-inch-thick slice fresh ginger, peeled and sliced in half; 8 cloves garlic, peeled; 1 teaspoon hot chile paste, or more to taste; 1/2 cup smooth peanut butter, or more if necessary; 1/4 cup soy sauce; 3 1/2 tablespoons sugar; 3 1/2 tablespoons Chinese black vinegar or Worcestershire sauce | INSTRUCTIONS: Arrange the noodles in a large serving bowl. Arrange the vegetables in concentric circles over the noodles and then pile the chicken in the center. Sprinkle the scallions on top. Serve at room temperature or chilled, with the Chinese Peanut Dressing. In a food processor fitted with the metal blade or in a blender, finely chop the ginger and garlic. Add the remaining ingredients in the order listed and process until smooth. The dressing should be the consistency of heavy cream. If it is too thick, add more water or chicken broth; if too thin, add more peanut butter. Refrigerated, in a covered c <END>
INPUT: Italian, sauce, virgin olive oil, garlic, tomatoes, sugar, Kosher salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tomato-Basil Sauce | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 2 garlic cloves, minced; One 16-ounce can crushed tomatoes; Pinch sugar; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 4 fresh basil leaves, chopped; Spaghetti, optional | INSTRUCTIONS: Coat a saucepan with 2 tablespoons of the oil and warm over medium-low heat. Add the garlic and cook, stirring, until soft. Add the crushed tomatoes and sugar; season with salt and pepper. Turn the heat up slightly to medium and simmer the sauce for 10 minutes, stirring occasionally. Stir in the basil and the remaining olive oil. Toss with spaghetti, if desired. <END>
INPUT: Italian, olive oil, sweet Italian sausages, pepper, onion, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Farfalle with Sausage, Tomatoes, and Cream | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1 pound sweet Italian sausages, casings removed; 1/2 teaspoon dried crushed red pepper; 1 cup chopped onion; 3 garlic cloves, minced; 1 28-ounce can crushed tomatoes with added puree; 1/2 cup whipping cream; 1 pound farfalle (bow-tie pasta); 1/2 cup (packed) chopped fresh basil; Freshly grated Pecorino Romano cheese | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat oil in heavy large skillet over medium-high heat. Add sausage and crushed red pepper. Sauté until sausage is no longer pink, breaking up with back of fork, about 5 minutes. Add onion and garlic; sauté until onion is tender and sausage is browned, about 3 minutes longer. Add tomatoes and cream. Reduce heat to low and simmer until sausage mixture thickens, about 3 minutes. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Meanwhile, cook pasta in large pot of boiling salted water until tender but still firm to bite. Drain, reserving 1 cup cooking liquid. Return pasta to same pot. Add sausage mixture an <END>
INPUT: rubbed, vegetable oil, chili powder, kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chili Rubbed Salmon | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons vegetable oil; 4 (6-ounce) salmon fillets, skinned; 1/2 teaspoon chili powder; 1 teaspoon kosher salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Heat a large non-stick skillet over high heat. Add the oil and heat until shimmering. Rub the fish with the chili powder and season with salt. Carefully lay fish, skinned-side up in the skillet Cook the fish turning once until brown, crisp, and just firm, about 3 to 4 minutes on each side. Transfer the salmon to a serving platter and tent with foil to finish cooking, about 5 minutes more. Copyright (c) 2004 Television Food Network, G.P., All Rights Reserved. <END>
INPUT: mashed, Yukon gold potatoes, Kosher salt, olive oil, onion, milk
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mashed Potatoes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 5 pounds Yukon gold potatoes, peeled and cubed; Kosher salt; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1/2 small yellow onion, minced; 2 cups whole milk; Freshly ground black pepper; 1/3 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 2 tablespoons roughly chopped fresh parsley | INSTRUCTIONS: Add the potatoes to a large pot of cold water. Season with salt and bring to a boil. Simmer until tender, about 15 minutes. Heat the olive oil in a large pot. Add the onions and saute until tender and just golden. Add the milk to heat and season with salt and pepper. Drain the potatoes well in a colander. Add them back to the pot you cooked them in and mash until smooth. Fold in the hot milk and onions, extra-virgin olive oil and chopped parsley. <END>
INPUT: shiitake mushrooms, shallots, garlic, slender beans
OUTPUT: TITLE: Green Beans with Shiitake Mushrooms | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 tablespoons (3/4 stick) butter; 8 ounces fresh shiitake mushrooms, stemmed, caps sliced; 2 shallots, chopped; 2 garlic cloves, minced; 2 pounds slender green beans, trimmed; 2/3 cup canned low-salt chicken broth | INSTRUCTIONS: Melt 3 tablespoons butter in large nonstick skillet over medium-high heat. Add shiitake mushrooms and sauté until tender, about 5 minutes. Transfer mushrooms to medium bowl. Melt remaining 3 tablespoons butter in same skillet. Add shallots and garlic and sauté until tender, about 2 minutes. Add green beans and toss to coat with butter. Pour broth over green bean mixture. Cover and simmer until liquid evaporates and green beans are crisp-tender, about 10 minutes. Stir in shiitake mushrooms. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Transfer to platter and serve. Melt 3 tablespoons butter in large n <END>
INPUT: chicken broth, mushrooms, onion, celery
OUTPUT: TITLE: Turkey with Stuffing | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 (10 to 12-pound) turkey, with giblets removed; 1 quart chicken broth; 2 ounces dried mushrooms; 1 cup chopped onion; 1 cup chopped celery; 1 cup chopped green pepper; 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, plus extra for rubbing on turkey; 1 tablespoon kosher salt, plus extra for seasoning turkey; 3 cups Challah bread, cut into 1/2-inch cubes (from approximately 4 to 5 slices); 4 ounces unsweetened dried cherries, approximately 1 cup; 2 ounces chopped pecans, approximately 1/2 cup; 2 whole eggs, beaten; 2 teaspoons dried rubbed sage; 2 teaspoons dried parsley; 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, plus extra for seasoning chicken | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Special equipment: 1 re-usable organic cotton produce bag* Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Place the turkey into a deep, high-sided bowl on its end with the stuffing end up. Set aside. Heat the chicken broth in the microwave in a large microwave-proof container. Place mushrooms in a glass bowl and pour heated broth over them. Cover and allow to sit for 35 minutes. In a large mixing bowl toss the onion, celery, and green pepper with the oil and salt. Place the vegetables on a sheet pan and roast for 35 minutes. During the last 10 minutes of cooking, spread the  <END>
INPUT: Mexican, taquitos, vegetable oil, onion, garlic, jalapeno, turkey
OUTPUT: TITLE: Turkey Taquitos | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups plus 1 tablespoon vegetable oil; 1/2 white onion, finely chopped; 1 clove garlic, minced; 1 tablespoon minced jalapeno; 1 1/2 cups shredded turkey; 1 1/2 cups shredded jack cheese; 1/2 cup Mexican-flavored canned tomatoes, drained and chopped; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 18 white or yellow corn tortillas; Serving suggestion: Serve with Cranberry Salsa, recipe follows; 1/2 cup canned whole cranberry sauce; 1/4 cup chopped fresh cilantro leaves; Zest and juice of 1 lime; 1 jalapeno, coarsely chopped; 1/2 white onion coarsely chopped, covered and microwaved for 1 minute | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Special equipment: toothpicks Sweat the onion, garlic, and jalapeno in a saute pan with 1 tablespoon of vegetable oil. Remove from the heat and add to a large bowl. To the bowl, add the shredded turkey, cheese, tomatoes and season with salt, and pepper, to taste. Mix the ingredients thoroughly. Warm the tortillas in the microwave for 10 seconds so they are pliable. Fill the tortillas with a tablespoon of filling and roll into a thin taquito, securing with a toothpick. Keep the taquitos covered with a damp towel before cooking otherwise the corn tortillas will dry <END>
INPUT: fondue, diameter skinned potatoes, cauliflower florets, very brussels sprouts, apples, Irish cheddar cheese
OUTPUT: TITLE: Irish Cheddar and Stout Fondue | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups 1- to 1 1/2-inch-diameter red-skinned potatoes, halved; 2 cups cauliflower florets; 2 cups very small brussels sprouts; 2 apples, cored, cut into wedges; 1 pound Irish cheddar cheese, grated; 2 1/2 tablespoons all purpose flour; 3/4 cup (or more) Irish stout (such as Guinness); 6 tablespoons frozen apple juice concentrate, thawed; 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard | INSTRUCTIONS: Steam all vegetables until tender, about 15 minutes. Arrange vegetables and apples around edge of large platter. Meanwhile, toss cheese with flour in large bowl. Bring 3/4 cup stout, juice concentrate, and mustard to simmer in large saucepan over medium heat. Gradually add cheese mixture, stirring constantly, until cheese is melted and smooth, thinning with more stout, if desired. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Transfer fondue to bowl. Place in center of platter with vegetables. Steam all vegetables until tender, about 15 minutes. Arrange vegetables and apples around edge of large platt <END>
INPUT: Mexican, shrimp, Vegetable oil, Salt pepper, shallots, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Shrimp and Banana | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 20 shrimp, peeled and deveined with tails on; Vegetable oil; Salt and pepper; 4 tablespoons shallots, brunoise (about 1 1/2 shallots); 1 tablespoon finely chopped garlic (about 4 cloves); 4 very ripe bananas (so ripe that the skins are black); 1:1 low-sodium soya/water (1/2 cup of each); Roughly 3 tablespoons sambal; 1 teaspoon honey; Juice of 2 limes; 1 cup fresh cilantro, chopped; Onion sprouts, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Sear the shrimp on one side in a skillet on medium-high heat with a little bit of vegetable oil, salt and pepper. Add the shallots and garlic. Once the shrimp are partially cooked, after about 1 minute, remove from the skillet. Next, add the bananas and break up the bananas with tongs while sauteing to essentially mash. Saute for 1 minute. Add the water/soy mix, sambal and honey and saute another minute until heated through. Return the shrimp to the skillet and finish cooking, 2 to 3 minutes. Finish with the lime juice and cilantro, and then season again if neces <END>
INPUT: tart, unbleached all purpose, assorted nuts, sugar, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sour Cream Tart with Santa Rosa Plum Compote | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 cup unbleached all purpose flour; 3/4 cup assorted nuts (such as walnuts, almonds, and hazelnuts), toasted, cooled; 1/4 cup sugar; 3/4 teaspoon salt; 6 tablespoons (3/4 stick) chilled unsalted butter, diced; 1 large egg yolk; 2 teaspoons water; 1/4 teaspoon unflavored gelatin; 3 large egg yolks; 1/4 cup sugar; 1 1/2 tablespoons cornstarch; 1 cup whole milk; 1/2 vanilla bean, split lengthwise; 1/2 cup sour cream; Santa Rosa Plum Compote | INSTRUCTIONS: For crust: Butter bottom of 9-inch tart pan with removable bottom. Finely grind flour, nuts, sugar, and salt in processor. Add 6 tablespoons butter. Using on/off turns, blend until coarse meal forms. Add egg yolk; blend until moist clumps form. Press dough over bottom and up sides of pan. Pierce crust with fork. Freeze until firm, about 30 minutes. Preheat oven to 400°F. Bake crust until golden, 13 to 14 minutes. Cool completely. Butter bottom of 9-inch tart pan with removable bottom. Finely grind flour, nuts, sugar, and salt in processor. Add 6 tablespoons butter. Using on/off turns, blend un <END>
INPUT: French, gruyere, quiche, rolled oats, all purpose flour, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Caramelized Onion, Mushroom and Gruyere Quiche with Oat Crust | CUISINE: French | INGREDIENTS: Nonstick cooking spray; 3/4 cup rolled oats; 1/2 cup all-purpose flour; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 3 tablespoons cold, unsalted butter, cut into small pieces; 3 tablespoons cold, low-fat buttermilk; 4 teaspoons olive oil; 1 large onion, sliced thinly into half moons; 8 ounces sliced mixed mushrooms, such as cremini, oyster, shiitake; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 1/4 teaspoon dry mustard; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh thyme leaves (or 1 teaspoon dry); 3 large eggs; 3 egg whites | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Spray a 9-inch pie dish with cooking spray. To prepare the crust, put the oats, flour and salt in the bowl of a food processor and pulse 3 times to combine. Add the butter and pulse about 12 times, until you get a pebbly course texture. Add the buttermilk and pulse 3 to 5 times more to combine. Form the mixture into a ball and place it between 2 large pieces of waxed paper. Roll out into a circle about 10 inches in diameter. Remove the top sheet of waxed paper. Transfer the crust, still on the other piece of waxed paper to the p <END>
INPUT: pork tenderloins, Garlic, Pepper, Olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Pork Tenderloin | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 pork tenderloins; Garlic, to taste; Pepper, to taste; Olive oil, for basting | INSTRUCTIONS: Season pork meat with garlic and black pepper, to taste. Baste lightly with olive oil. Place on grill at low heat cook for 20 minutes. <END>
INPUT: layered, fudge, tsps. vanilla extract, confectioners' coating, peppermint extract
OUTPUT: TITLE: Layered Mint Chocolate Fudge | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups (12 oz. pkg.) semi-sweet chocolate chips; 1 (14 oz.) can Eagle Brand® Sweetened Condensed Milk, divided; 2 tsps. vanilla extract; 6 oz. white confectioners' coating* or 1 cup (6 oz.) premium white chocolate chips; 1 tbsp. peppermint extract; Green or red food coloring (optional) | INSTRUCTIONS: LINE 8- or 9-inch square pan with wax paper. MELT chocolate chips with 1 cup sweetened condensed milk in heavy saucepan over low heat; add vanilla. Spread half the mixture into prepared pan; chill 10 minutes or until firm. Hold remaining chocolate mixture at room temperature. MELT white confectioners' coating with remaining sweetened condensed milk in heavy saucepan over low heat (mixture will be thick). Add peppermint extract and food coloring, if desired. Spread on chilled chocolate layer; chill an additional 10 minutes or until firm. SPREAD reserved chocolate mixture on mint layer. Chill 2  <END>
INPUT: American, wingless, buffalo, chicken breast cutlets, virgin olive oil, grill seasoning, pizza dough, Cornmeal flour
OUTPUT: TITLE: Wingless Buffalo Chicken Pizza | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 pound chicken breast cutlets; Extra-virgin olive oil, for drizzling; 2 teaspoons grill seasoning, (recommended: McCormick Montreal Seasoning) eyeball it; 1 pizza dough, store bought or from your favorite pizzeria; Cornmeal or flour, to handle dough; 2 tablespoons butter; 1 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce, eyeball it; 2 to 3 tablespoons hot sauce, medium to spicy heat; 1/2 cup tomato sauce; 1 cup shredded Monterey Jack cheese, a few generous handfuls; 1/2 cup blue cheese crumbles; 3 scallions, thinly sliced | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat oven to 425 degrees F. Preheat grill pan to high. Place chicken on a plate and drizzle extra-virgin olive oil over the chicken then season with grill seasoning. When grill is hot, add chicken and cook about 3 minutes on each side. Stretch dough to form pizza using cornmeal or flour to help you handle it. If you let it rest and warm up a few minutes it will handle even easier. Set pizza on pizza pan to the side and clean board. In a medium skillet over medium heat, melt butter and stir in Worcestershire, hot sauce, and tomato sauce. Remove the chicken from <END>
INPUT: foster, unsalted butter, light sugar, slightly under mangoes, bourbon, cinnamon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mangoes Foster with Creme Fraiche | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 stick unsalted butter; 1/2 cup packed light brown sugar; 6 large slightly under-ripe mangoes, halved and pitted; 1/3 cup bourbon; 1/4 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1/8 teaspoon salt; 1/2 cup chopped toasted pecans; 1/2 cup creme fraiche or sour cream, optional | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat the grill to high. Place a medium saucepan on the grates of the grill, add the butter, and brown sugar, and cook, stirring occasionally, until the sugar has melted and the mixture thickens slightly, about 5 minutes. While the sauce is cooking, remove the mangoes from the peel and cut into diamond shapes. Place the diamonds onto serving plates. Remove the pan with the sauce from the heat and add the bourbon. Using a long lit match, ignite the bourbon and allow the flames to subside. Stir in the cinnamon, salt and pecans. Top mangoes with the sauce and with a large dollop of creme fraiche,  <END>
INPUT: apples, butter, sugar, water
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fried Apples | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 apples, preferably green; 2 tablespoons butter; 1/3 cup brown sugar; 2 tablespoons water | INSTRUCTIONS: Core the unpeeled apples, then cut into circles or slices. Cook in the butter, turning often, until soft. If you have a sweet tooth or if the apples are bland in flavor, stir in 1/3 cup brown sugar and 2 tablespoons water. Continue cooking until apples are coated with syrup. <END>
INPUT: spritz, cookies, powdered sugar, Crisco® Butter Shortening, Jif® Creamy Peanut, egg, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Peanut Butter Spritz Cookies | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup powdered sugar; 3/4 cup Crisco® Butter Shortening OR 3/4 stick Crisco® Butter Shortening Sticks; 1 1/2 cups Jif® Creamy Peanut Butter; 1 large egg; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 5 teaspoons water; 3/4 teaspoon vanilla extract; 1/2 teaspoon almond extract; 2 cups Pillsbury BEST® All Purpose Flour; Colored decorator sugar (optional) | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. HEAT oven to 400 degrees F. Combine powdered sugar and shortening in a large bowl; beat on medium speed until light and fluffy. Beat in peanut butter, egg, salt, water, vanilla and almond extracts. Using a spoon, stir in flour until well mixed. 2. FIT cookie press with desired template. Fill cookie press; press dough onto ungreased cookie sheets. Sprinkle with colored sugar, if desired. 3. BAKE 7 to 9 minutes or until set, but not brown. Cool one minute. Remove to cooling rack. <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, salad, shelled peas, Water, olive oil, onion, Dijon mustard
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pea, Feta and Mint Salad | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 7 ounces fresh shelled peas; Water, as needed; 3 tablespoons olive oil; 1 onion, finely diced; 2 teaspoons Dijon mustard; 1 tablespoon red wine vinegar; 1 tablespoon honey; Sea salt and freshly cracked black pepper; 1 1/4 ounces shelled pistachio nuts, coarsely chopped; 1 large handful fresh mint leaves; 1 3/4 ounces snow pea leaves or baby English spinach; 2 3/4 ounces Feta cheese, crumbled | INSTRUCTIONS: In a medium saucepan, bring salted water to a boil. Blanch the peas in the boiling water until they are just tender and bright green, about 2 minutes. Refresh immediately by plunging them into a bowl of cold water. Drain and reserve the peas. In a small pan, heat 1 tablespoon of the oil over medium heat. Add the onion, and cook until soft, stirring occasionally, about 5 minutes. Meanwhile, in a small bowl, whisk together the mustard, the remaining 2 tablespoons olive oil, vinegar and honey, and season with salt and black pepper, to taste. In a large salad bowl, mix the peas, onions, pistachios <END>
INPUT: salad, broccoli florets, bacon, olive oil, wine vinegar, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Broccoli, Bacon and Onion Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 5 cups broccoli florets (from about 1 large bunch); 8 slices bacon; 2/3 cup olive oil; 3 tablespoons red wine vinegar; 1 cup chopped red onion; 1/2 cup toasted salted sunflower seeds | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook broccoli in medium pot of boiling salted water until crisp-tender, about 4 minutes. Drain well. Cook bacon in heavy large skillet over medium heat until brown and crisp. Transfer bacon to paper towels and drain. Crumble bacon. Whisk oil and vinegar in medium bowl to blend. Mix in onion. Season to taste with salt and pepper. (Broccoli, bacon and dressing can be prepared 2 hours ahead. Let stand separately at room temperature.) Combine broccoli and bacon in large bowl. Toss with enough dressing to coat. Garnish with sunflower seeds. Pass remaining dressing separately. Cook broccoli in mediu <END>
INPUT: Italian, bread, pudding, Butter, olive oil, shallots, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tomato-Basil Bread Pudding | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: Butter, for greasing the baking dish; 1/2 (8 ounces) multi-grain loaf, cut into 3/4-inch cubes; 3 tablespoons olive oil; 1 large or 2 small shallots, thinly sliced; 2 cloves garlic, minced; 12 ounces cherry or grape tomatoes, halved; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 packed cup chopped fresh basil leaves; 1 1/2 cups (6 ounces) shredded Parmesan; 6 large eggs, at room temperature; 1 cup whole milk; 1 teaspoon kosher salt; 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Filling: Put an oven rack in the center of the oven. Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Butter a 9 by 13 by 2-inch glass baking dish. Add the bread cubes and set aside. In a large skillet, heat the oil over medium-high heat. Add the shallots and garlic. Cook, stirring constantly until fragrant, about 1 minute. Add the tomatoes and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Cook until slightly soft, about 2 minutes. Remove the pan from the heat and stir in the basil. Pour the tomato mixture and Parmesan cheese over the bread cubes and combine well. Custard: In a large bowl, beat the eggs, milk, sal <END>
INPUT: American, uncooked fusilli pasta, olive oil, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken Fusilli with Spinach and Asiago Cheese | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 of a 1-pound package uncooked fusilli pasta (about 2 1/2 cups); 1 bag (about 7 ounces) fresh baby spinach; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1 1/4 pounds skinless, boneless chicken breast halves, cut into 1 1/2-inch pieces; 3 cloves garlic, minced; 1 package (3 ounces) sun-dried tomato halves (about 3/4 cup); 1 can (10 3/4 ounces) Campbell's® Condensed Cream of Chicken Soup (Regular or 98% Fat Free); 1/2 teaspoon crushed red pepper; 1 cup shredded Asiago cheese (about 4 ounces) | INSTRUCTIONS: Prepare the fusilli according to the package directions in a 6-quart saucepot. Add the spinach during the last minute of the cooking time. Drain the fusilli mixture well in a colander, reserving 1 cup cooking liquid. Heat the oil in a 12-inch skillet over medium-high heat. Add the chicken and cook until well browned, stirring occasionally. Add the garlic to the skillet and cook and stir for 1 minute. Stir in the tomatoes, soup, 1/2 cup cooking liquid and red pepper and heat to a boil. Reduce the heat to low. Cook until the chicken is cooked through, stirring occasionally. Stir in the fusilli m <END>
INPUT: salad, potatoes, mayonnaise, grain mustard, horseradish, pickle juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Potato and Pickle Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 pounds red potatoes; 1/4 cup mayonnaise; 1/4 cup whole grain mustard; 1/4 cup prepared horseradish (or fresh grated); 1/4 cup pickle juice; 1 medium onion; 2 half sour pickles; Salt and pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Quarter the potatoes and boil until just cooked. Drain and rinse. Mix together mayonnaise, mustard, horseradish, and pickle juice. Transfer still warm potatoes to mixing bowl and blend in dressing. Chop pickles and onions to 1/4-inch dice and add. Season with salt and pepper. Serve chilled. <END>
INPUT: rhubarb, strawberries, bourbon water, sugar, piece vanilla bean
OUTPUT: TITLE: Vanilla-Roasted Rhubarb and Strawberries | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 rhubarb stalks (about 1 pound), trimmed, cut on a sharp diagonal into 2-inch pieces; 12 large strawberries (about 1/2 pound), hulled and halved; 1/4 cup bourbon or water; 1/4 cup sugar; 1 4-inch piece of vanilla bean, split lengthwise; Greek yogurt, honey, chopped pistachios | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine rhubarb, strawberries, bourbon, and sugar in a medium bowl. Scrape in seeds from vanilla bean. Cut bean into 4 pieces and add to bowl; stir mixture until sugar begins to dissolve. Place four 16x12" sheets of parchment paper, or heavy-duty foil if grilling, on a work surface. Divide mixture evenly among sheets, arranging on one side of each sheet. Fold parchment over mixture and crimp edges tightly to form a sealed packet. DO AHEAD: Foil packets can be made 4 hours ahead; parchment packets should not be made ahead. Chill. Let stand at room temperature for 15 minutes before continuing. P <END>
INPUT: American, bacon, butternut squash, onion, seasoned bread crumbs
OUTPUT: TITLE: Stuffed Pork Loin with Butternut Squash and Blue Cheese | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: Cooking spray; 2 slices bacon; 2 cups diced butternut squash; 1/2 cup diced onion; 1/2 cup seasoned dry bread crumbs; 1/2 cup plus 2 tablespoons crumbed blue cheese, divided; 3 tablespoons freshly chopped sage leaves, divided; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 (4-pound) boneless pork loin; 1 cup reduced-sodium chicken broth, divided; 1/4 cup dry sherry; 1 tablespoon cornstarch | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 450 degrees F. Coat a roasting pan with cooking spray. Cook bacon in a large skillet over medium-high heat until crisp. Remove from pan, reserving fat in pan, and crumble into small pieces. To the same pan, add squash and onion and cook 3 minutes, until onion is soft. Remove from heat, add to a large bowl with the crumbled bacon, bread crumbs, 1/2 cup of the blue cheese, 2 tablespoons of the sage, 1/2 teaspoon salt, and 1/4 teaspoon black pepper. Mix well. Butterfly pork on a flat surface and spread stuffing evenly over meat. Roll up pork and tie with kitchen twine at 2-inch in <END>
INPUT: vegetarian, ancho chiles, onion, olive oil, garlic, cider vinegar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Vegetarian Red Pozole with Red Beans | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 large dried ancho chiles (2 ounces), wiped clean and stemmed; 2 cups chopped onion; 1/4 cup olive oil; 3 large garlic cloves, chopped; 1 tablespoon cider vinegar; 2 teaspoons ground cumin; 1 teaspoon dried oregano, preferably Mexican; Salt; 1 teaspoon sugar; 1/8 teaspoon ground cloves; 6 cups water, divided; 1 (29-ounce) can white hominy (also labeled pozole and mote blanco), rinsed and drained; 2 (15- to 16-ounce) cans kidney beans, rinsed and drained; 2 pounds zucchini, cut into 1/2-inch pieces; 2 cups fresh corn kernels or 1 (10-ounce) package frozen corn kernels | INSTRUCTIONS: Slit chiles open and remove seeds and veins. Heat a flat griddle or dry heavy skillet (not nonstick) over medium heat until hot, then toast the chiles, opened flat, 2 at a time, by pressing down and turning on either side with tongs, until fragrant and insides change color, about 1 minute. Put chiles in a bowl with cold water to cover and let soak until soft, about 20 minutes. While chiles are soaking, cook onion in oil in a 5- to 6-quart heavy pot over medium heat, stirring occasionally, until golden, 15 to 20 minutes. Transfer chiles with tongs to a blender (discard soaking water) and add ga <END>
INPUT: macaroons, almond paste, confectioners' sugar, orange, egg whites, pure almond extract
OUTPUT: TITLE: Orange Macaroons | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound almond paste; 1/2 cup confectioners' sugar, sifted, plus more for rolling and coating; 1 orange, zested; 2 large egg whites; 1/8 teaspoon pure almond extract | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat oven to 350 degrees F. Line 2 baking sheets with Silpats, and set aside. In the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, combine almond paste and sugar. Beat until creamy, about 2 minutes. Add orange zest, and beat to combine. Add 1 egg white and almond extract, and mix for 1 minute more. On a lightly sugared surface, roll dough into 2 (18-inch-long, 3/4-inch-wide) logs. Cut each log crosswise into 30 (1/2-inch-wide) pieces, and roll into balls. Lightly beat remaining egg white. Coat each ball with egg white, and roll in sugar, tapping to remove excess. Place on prepar <END>
INPUT: citrus, orange peel, wooden skewer, lemon peel, lime peel, empty clean clear
OUTPUT: TITLE: Citrus Vodka | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 2 x 1/2-inch strips orange peel (orange part only); 1 8-inch wooden skewer; 6 2 x 1/2-inch strips lemon peel (yellow part only); 6 2 x 1/2-inch strips lime peel (green part only); 1 empty 750-ml clean clear wine bottle with cork or other bottle; 1 750-ml bottle vodka | INSTRUCTIONS: Fold 1 orange peel strip crosswise in half without breaking. Thread onto skewer, shish-kebab style. Repeat with 1 lemon peel strip, then 1 lime peel strip. Repeat, alternating remaining orange, lemon and lime peel strips on same skewer. Guide citrus peel skewer through neck of empty bottle, pushing gently but being careful not to break any peel. You may find a chopstick useful in easing the peels into the bottle. Fill bottle with vodka. Chill at least 1 week and up to 3 weeks. Serve chilled. Fold 1 orange peel strip crosswise in half without breaking. Thread onto skewer, shish-kebab style. Rep <END>
INPUT: muffins, eggs, light sugar, pure vanilla extract, zucchini, canola oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Zucchini Muffins | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 large eggs, preferably omega-3 eggs, beaten; 1/3 cup packed light brown sugar; 2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract; 3 cups grated fresh zucchini; 2/3 cup canola oil, preferably expeller-pressed, plus more for greasing the muffin tins; 2 teaspoons baking soda; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 3 cups unbleached all-purpose flour; 2 teaspoons ground cinnamon; 1/2 teaspoon ground nutmeg; 1 cup chopped pecans; 1 cup golden raisins | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. Preheat oven to 350°F. 2. In a large bowl, whisk together the eggs, brown sugar, and vanilla. Stir in the grated zucchini, canola oil, baking soda, and salt. 3. In a separate bowl, whisk the flour with the cinnamon and nutmeg. Add the dry ingredients to the zucchini mix and stir well. Finally, stir in the pecans and raisins. 4. Grease a 12-cup muffin tin with canola oil. Spoon the batter into the cups to fill them about 3/4 of the way. Bake for 25 to 30 minutes or until a toothpick or small knife inserted in a muffin comes out clean. (Alternatively, spoon the batter into a 8 x 5 x 3-inch lo <END>
INPUT: Mexican, cocktail, Mexican cinnamon, vanilla bean, sugar, horchata, lime juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Horchata, Lime and Mezcal Cocktail | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 Mexican cinnamon stick; 1 vanilla bean, split; 1 1/4 cups sugar; 2 cups store-bought horchata; 1/2 cup freshly squeezed lime juice, from about 4 limes, plus lime wedges, for garnish; 1/2 cup mezcal; 1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine the cinnamon stick, vanilla bean, 1 cup of the sugar and 1 cup water in a small saucepan. Place over medium-high heat and bring to a boil. Reduce to a simmer and cook until the sugar is dissolved, 5 to 8 minutes. Turn off the heat and allow to cool to room temperature, about 10 minutes. Pour the cooled syrup into a pitcher. Add the horchata, lime juice and mezcal. Stir to combine. In a small, shallow dish, combine the remaining 1/4 cup sugar and the ground cinnamon. Dip the rims of cocktail glasses into the horchata cocktail mixture, then into the cinnamon sugar. Add ice to the sugar-r <END>
INPUT: Asian, carb, miso, soy sauce, Asian eggplants, Vegetable oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Miso Glazed Eggplant: Low Carb | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon white or yellow miso; 1 teaspoon soy sauce; 2 medium Asian eggplants (long, thin eggplants), about 4 ounces; Vegetable oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Position an oven rack in the upper part of the oven and preheat the broiler. Line a pan with foil. Whisk the miso and soy sauce together in a small bowl. Trim the eggplant stems and halve lengthwise. Lightly score a diamond-like pattern into the flesh of the eggplant. Put the eggplants, skin-side up on the prepared pan. Broil the eggplants until the skin discolors, about 1 minute. Turn the eggplants over, lightly brush the top with oil, and broil until softened, about 4 minutes. Brush each eggplant half with the miso mixture and broil until the top is bubbling, about 1 minute. Serve. <END>
INPUT: wrapped, garlic, sage leaves, chicken cutlets, Kosher salt pepper, prosciutto
OUTPUT: TITLE: Prosciutto-Wrapped Chicken | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 clove garlic, minced; 6 fresh sage leaves, roughly chopped; 4 chicken cutlets (about 1 1/4 pounds); Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper; 8 to 12 thin slices prosciutto; 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; Juice of 1 lemon; 1 teaspoon dijon mustard; 10 cups mixed baby lettuce (about 5 ounces); 1 cup cherry tomatoes, quartered; 3/4 cup low-sodium chicken broth; 1 tablespoon unsalted butter | INSTRUCTIONS: Sprinkle the garlic and sage on the chicken cutlets; season with salt and pepper. Wrap 2 or 3 slices prosciutto around each cutlet. Heat a large nonstick skillet over medium heat; add 1 tablespoon olive oil. Working in batches if necessary, add the chicken and cook, flipping once, until the prosciutto is golden brown and slightly crisp, 6 to 8 minutes. Transfer to a plate. Meanwhile, whisk half of the lemon juice, the mustard, a pinch of salt and a few grinds of pepper in a large bowl. Gradually whisk in the remaining 2 tablespoons olive oil until smooth. Add the lettuce and tomatoes; toss to  <END>
INPUT: Italian, soup, arugula, Parmesan, butter, unsalted butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Wild Mushroom Soup with Arugula and Walnuts and Parmesan-Crusted Rolls with Herb Butter | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 (1-pound) loaf bread or pizza dough (fresh, or frozen and thawed); Nonstick cooking spray; 1/2 cup grated Parmesan; 1 tablespoon butter; 1/2 cup unsalted butter, softened; 1 pound assorted wild mushrooms (chanterelle, oyster, shiitake, crimini, portobello, etc.), stemmed and sliced; 1/2 cup chopped yellow onion; 2 cloves fresh garlic, minced or 2 teaspoons jarred, minced; 1 teaspoon dried thyme; 6 cups reduced-sodium chicken broth; 1 cup dry white wine; 1/2 chopped fresh parsley leaves; Salt; Freshly ground black pepper; 1 cup lowfat milk | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat oven to 450 degrees F. Coat a large baking sheet with cooking spray. Break dough into 8 equal pieces and roll each piece into a thick rope shape. Twist each 'rope' piece into a knot. Place balls on prepared baking sheet and spray with cooking spray. Sprinkle with Parmesan to coat surface. Bake 8 minutes, until golden brown. Meanwhile, melt butter in a large stock pot over medium heat. Add mushrooms, onion and garlic and cook 5 minutes. Add thyme and cook 1 minute. Add chicken broth and wine and bring to a simmer, about 1 minute. Simmer 5 minutes. While so <END>
INPUT: pancakes, russet potatoes, sweet onion, all purpose flour, eggs, chives
OUTPUT: TITLE: Potato Pancakes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 1/2 pounds russet potatoes, peeled; 1 large sweet onion; 1/2 cup all-purpose flour; 2 large eggs, lightly beaten; 3 tablespoons finely chopped chives; 1/4 teaspoon baking powder; Kosher salt and ground black pepper; Canola oil, for frying; Unsalted butter, for frying | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Special equipment: an 8-inch nonstick skillet Set a large strainer or colander over a bowl and line it with a clean kitchen towel. Using a box grater, grate the potatoes and onion into the strainer. Using the towel, squeeze as much liquid from the potatoes and onion as possible. Transfer the mixture to another bowl and stir in the flour, eggs, chives, baking powder, salt and pepper. Coat the bottom of an 8-inch nonstick skillet with oil and add a couple of tablespoons of butter. Heat over medium heat until the butter foam subsides. Spoon about 1 3/4 cups of the p <END>
INPUT: Mexican, puree, slaw, canola oil additional, onion, chipotle adobo, limes, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chipotle Puree and Chayote Slaw | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup canola oil plus additional for cooking; 1 red onion, roughly chopped; 2 tablespoons chipotle in adobo; 2 limes, juiced; 1 teaspoon sugar; 1 teaspoon minced sage; Salt and black pepper to taste; 1 lemon, juiced; 2 limes, juiced; 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard; 1/4 cup grapeseed oil (or sunflower); 3 peeled chayote, julienned; 1 tablespoon chopped chives; Salt and black pepper to taste | INSTRUCTIONS: CHIPOTLE PUREE: In a skillet coated lightly with oil, brown the onions and season. Add the juice, chipotles, sugar and sage. Cook for 3 to 4 minutes then transfer to a blender. Blend on high speed and drizzle in the oil. Check for seasoning. CHAYOTE SLAW: In a mixing bowl, whisk together the juices and mustard. Whisk in oil and season. Toss with chayote and chives. Season with salt and pepper.. This should be done 10 minutes prior to serving. PLATING On a plate, slice open tamale, and push open. Ladle on some short ribs and top with slaw. Drizzle sauce around. Drink Recommendations Rombauer, M <END>
INPUT: Mexican, sweet potatoes, olive oil, scallions, bottled roasted peppers, coriander
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sweet-Potato Dip | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 6 sweet potatoes (about 2 3/4 pounds); 2 tablespoons olive oil; 4 scallions, chopped fine; 1/2 cup chopped drained bottled roasted red peppers; 1/3 cup packed fresh coriander sprigs, washed well, spun dry, and chopped fine; 2 vine-ripened tomatoes, seeded and chopped fine; 1 large garlic clove, minced and mashed to a paste with 1/4 teaspoon salt; 2 tablespoons balsamic vinegar; 1 teaspoon salt, or to taste; 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, or to taste; 1/2 fresh jalapeño chile, seeded and chopped fine (wear rubber gloves); 1/4 to 1/2 cup water if necessary; Accompaniment: baked tortilla chips or crudités such as jícama or fennel | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 400° F. Prick potatoes with a fork and on a foil-lined baking sheet bake in middle of oven 1 1/2 hours, or until very soft. Cool potatoes slightly and scoop flesh into a bowl. In a food processor purée potatoes with remaining ingredients, adding enough water to reach desired consistency. Preheat oven to 400° F. Prick potatoes with a fork and on a foil-lined baking sheet bake in middle of oven 1 1/2 hours, or until very soft. Cool potatoes slightly and scoop flesh into a bowl. In a food processor purée potatoes with remaining ingredients, adding enough water to reach desired con <END>
INPUT: French, dijon, gravy, pure maple syrup, marjoram, coriander seeds, lemon peel, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Maple-Glazed Turkey with Dijon Gravy | CUISINE: French | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 cup pure maple syrup; 4 tablespoons chopped fresh marjoram; 1/4 cup coriander seeds, coarsely cracked in resealable plastic bag; 2 teaspoons grated lemon peel; 1 teaspoon cracked black pepper; 3/4 cup (1 1/2 sticks) unsalted butter, room temperature; 1 16- to 18-pound turkey; neck, gizzard, and heart reserved; 2 cups chopped onions; 2 cups chopped celery with leaves; 2 cups sliced peeled parsnips (about 5 medium); 3 cups (about) canned low-salt chicken broth; 2 1/2 cups (about) canned low-salt chicken broth; 3 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1/3 cup all purpose flour; 1 small bay leaf | INSTRUCTIONS: For maple butter: Boil maple syrup and 2 tablespoons marjoram in heavy medium saucepan until reduced to 1/2 cup, about 4 minutes. Remove from heat. Mix in 1 tablespoon marjoram, coriander, lemon peel, and pepper. Add butter and whisk until well blended. Freeze until butter is firm but still spreadable, stirring occasionally, about 45 minutes. (Can be made 2 days ahead. Cover and refrigerate.) Boil maple syrup and 2 tablespoons marjoram in heavy medium saucepan until reduced to 1/2 cup, about 4 minutes. Remove from heat. Mix in 1 tablespoon marjoram, coriander, lemon peel, and pepper. Add butte <END>
INPUT: Mexican, soup, lime juice, olive oil, honey, spicy chili sauce
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tortilla Chicken Soup | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2 pounds boneless, skinless chicken breasts, cut into 1/2-inch strips; 1/4 cup freshly squeezed lime juice; 3 tablespoons olive oil; 2 1/2 tablespoons honey; 1 teaspoon spicy chili sauce; 1 tablespoon garlic, finely minced; 1 pound vine ripened tomatoes, cut in half and seeded; 4 poblano or 2 anaheim chilies; 2 ears white corn husk removed; 3 (6-inch) corn tortillas, cut into 1/4-inch strips; 1/3 cup cooking oil; 1/2 cup soft goat cheese, crumbled; 1/2 ripe avocado, sliced; 2 limes cut into wedges; 1/4 cup chopped cilantro leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: In a bowl combine the chicken strips with the lime juice, olive oil, honey, chili sauce, and garlic, mix well. Cover and refrigerate at least 15 minutes but not longer than 8 hours. Heat an iron grill pan over medium high heat until very hot. Grill the tomatoes, chilies, and the corn until they are lightly charred. Chop the tomatoes. Seed, stem and cut the chilies into 1-inch long strips. Remove the corn kernels from the cob with a knife. In a 10-inch skillet or saute pan over medium heat, heat the cooking oil until a tortilla strip bubbles around the edges when added. Cook a few strips at a t <END>
INPUT: dressing, virgin olive oil, lemon juice, Maldon another flaky
OUTPUT: TITLE: Simple Lemon Dressing | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 1/4 cup lemon juice; 3/4 teaspoon Maldon or another flaky sea salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine the ingredients in a container with a tight-fitting lid and shake well until the mixture looks creamy. Taste and add a little more oil, lemon, or salt, if you'd like. Set it aside until you're ready to use it and shake again just before you do. Combine the ingredients in a container with a tight-fitting lid and shake well until the mixture looks creamy. Taste and add a little more oil, lemon, or salt, if you'd like. Set it aside until you're ready to use it and shake again just before you do. <END>
INPUT: paste, garlic, pure olive oil, gray salt, pepper, Parmesan cheese
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted-Garlic Paste | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 lb. whole garlic heads; 1/2-cup pure olive oil; gray salt; freshly-ground pepper; 1/4 -cup freshly grated Parmesan cheese; 1 Tbs. fresh rosemary | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Peel the outermost layers of skin off the heads of garlic. Cut off the top third of each head to open the cloves. Put the heads, cut sides up, in a small baking dish and pour the olive oil over them. Season with salt and pepper. Cover tightly, place in the oven and roast until about 3/4 cooked (about 45 minutes). Uncover and return to the oven until the cloves begin to pop out of their skins and brown (about 15 minutes). Let cool. When cool enough to handle easily, squeeze the roasted garlic into a small bowl. Press firmly against the skins to extract all the <END>
INPUT: Asian, dumplings, all purpose flour, light soy sauce, scallions, pork
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pork Dumplings | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1 3/4 cups all-purpose flour plus additional for dusting; 1 (2-inch) piece peeled fresh ginger; 1/2 cup light soy sauce; 1 bunch scallions, thinly sliced; 3/4 lb ground pork (from shoulder; not lean); Special equipment: a 3 1/4-inch round cookie cutter | INSTRUCTIONS: Stir together flour and 1/2 cup lukewarm water in a bowl until a dough forms. Knead on a lightly floured surface until just smooth, 1 to 2 minutes, then wrap tightly in plastic wrap and let stand at room temperature at least 10 minutes. While dough stands, halve ginger, then finely chop 1 half and cut remaining half into very thin matchsticks (less than 1/8 inch thick). Combine 5 tablespoons soy sauce with ginger matchsticks in a small bowl. Reserve 2 tablespoons scallions for garnish, then finely chop remainder and put in a bowl along with pork, finely chopped ginger, and remaining 3 tablespo <END>
INPUT: American, wrapped, sandwich, vegetable oil, all purpose flour, kosher salt, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Bacon-Wrapped Chicken Sandwich | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon vegetable oil; 2 (6 to 8 ounce) boneless, skinless chicken breasts; 1/4 cup all-purpose flour; 1 teaspoon kosher salt; 1/8 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 2 slices bacon; 1/2 cup apple juice; 2 ciabbata rolls, halved lengthwise and toasted; 1 tablespoon whole grain Dijon mustard; 1 medium head Belgian Endive, TK, cored and thinly sliced lengthwise; 1 medium gala, braeburn, or pink lady apple, cored, halved and thinly sliced | INSTRUCTIONS: Place chicken between 2 sheets of plastic wrap or parchment paper and use a frying pan to gently pound the breasts to an even thickness. (They should be about 1 inch thick.) Combine flour, salt, and freshly ground black pepper in a wide, shallow dish and mix thoroughly. Coat each breast by dredging it in the flour mixture then shaking off excess flour. Wrap one piece of bacon around each piece of chicken and secure with a toothpick. Heat oil in a medium, heavy-bottomed frying pan over medium heat. When it shimmers, add chicken breasts and cook until bacon is well browned, about 5 minutes per s <END>
INPUT: Mexican, corn, mayonnaise, chipotle chiles adobo, lime wedges, Special cast iron
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Corn with Chipotle Mayonnaise | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 6 ears corn, shucked; 1/2 cup mayonnaise; 4 teaspoons finely chopped canned chipotle chiles in adobo; 6 lime wedges; Special equipment: a large cast-iron skillet or griddle | INSTRUCTIONS: Add corn to a 6- to 8-quart pot of boiling water. Return water to boiling, then cover and remove from heat. Let stand 10 minutes. Transfer corn with tongs to paper towels to drain. Stir together mayonnaise and chiles in a small bowl. Heat skillet over moderately high heat until hot, then roast corn in 2 batches, turning occasionally with tongs, until blackened in spots, about 5 minutes per batch. Cut corn crosswise into 2-inch sections with a sharp knife and serve with mayonnaise and lime wedges. Add corn to a 6- to 8-quart pot of boiling water. Return water to boiling, then cover and remove f <END>
INPUT: cake, syrup, apricots, orange juice, orange blossom honey, water, Peel orange
OUTPUT: TITLE: Walnut-Apricot Cake in Honey Syrup | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 6-ounce package dried apricots; 1/3 cup orange juice; 1 1/2 cups orange blossom honey; 1/2 cup water; Peel of 1 orange, removed in strips using vegetable peeler; 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 6 tablespoons (3/4 stick) unsalted butter, melted; 5 large eggs, separated; 1/4 cup sugar; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1 cup farina (10-minute Cream of Wheat; not instant); 1 cup walnuts, finely chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring apricots and orange juice to simmer in small saucepan. Remove from heat, cover, and let soften 20 minutes. Using slotted spoon, transfer apricots to processor and chop coarsely. Reserve juice in saucepan. Combine honey, 1/2 cup water, and orange peel in heavy large saucepan. Bring to boil. Reduce heat and simmer until syrup coats spoon, about 10 minutes. Cool slightly. Remove orange peel and reserve. Add lemon juice and reserved orange juice to syrup. Cool. Preheat oven to 350°F. Brush 9-inch-diameter cake pan with 2-inch-high sides with 1 tablespoon butter. Using electric mixer, beat eg <END>
INPUT: marilu, dessert, cous cous, butter, cane sugar, pine nuts, raisins
OUTPUT: TITLE: Marilu's Cous Cous Dessert | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups/457 g cooked cous cous, recipe follows; 2 tablespoons/30 ml butter, melted; 2 tablespoons/28 g cane sugar; 2 tablespoons/28 g pine nuts; 2 tablespoons/28 g raisins; 2 tablespoons/28 g almonds, toasted; 2 tablespoons/28 g hazelnuts, toasted; 3 tablespoons/44 ml lukewarm water; Icing sugar (confectioners' sugar), for sprinkling; Dough; 1 cup flour; Water, as needed; 3 cups/685 g coarsely ground durum wheat; 11/2 cups/352 ml water; 1 teaspoon/5 g salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Place the cooked cous cous, butter, sugar, pine nuts, raisins, almonds, hazelnuts, and water in a mixing bowl. Thoroughly combine all the ingredients. Cover the bowl and let rest for at least 1/2 an hour. Butter a ramekin to prevent sticking. Firmly pack some cous cous mixture in the ramekin and invert onto an individual dessert plate, so that the form of the cous cous is released from the ramekin. Sprinkle with icing sugar. Repeat for other individual plates and serve. For the dough: Cous cous is cooked in a special double boiler called a couscousiera. A makeshift couscousiera can be made by  <END>
INPUT: Mexican, tacos, lime juice, tequila, cilantro, garlic, cumin
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tequila-Lime Mahimahi Tacos | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 4 tablespoons fresh lime juice, divided; 3 tablespoons tequila; 3 tablespoons roughly chopped fresh cilantro, divided; 1 teaspoon finely chopped garlic; 1 teaspoon ground cumin; 1 lb mahimahi; 3 tablespoons rice wine vinegar; 1 teaspoon canola oil; 2 3/4 teaspoons honey, divided; 1 1/2 teaspoons kosher salt, divided; 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, divided; 3 cups thinly sliced red cabbage; 3/4 cup reduced-fat sour cream; 3 tablespoons 2 percent milk; 1 1/2 teaspoons finely grated lime zest | INSTRUCTIONS: In a resealable plastic bag, combine 3 tablespoons lime juice, tequila, 1 tablespoons cilantro, garlic and cumin. Add fish, seal bag and turn to coat; refrigerate, turning once, 1 hour. In a bowl, combine vinegar, oil, 2 teaspoons honey, 1/4 teaspoon salt and 1/4 teaspoon pepper. Add cabbage; toss well. In another bowl, combine sour cream, milk, zest, remaining 1 tbsp juice, remaining 3/4 teaspoon honey and 1/2 teaspoon salt. Heat grill. Remove fish from marinade; season with remaining 1/2 teaspoon salt and remaining 1/4 teaspoon pepper. Grill, turning once, until just cooked through and light <END>
INPUT: Indian, superfood, salad, Coconut oil olive, wild salmon fillet, virgin olive oil, curry powder, lemon juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Superfood Coconut Curry Salmon Salad | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: Coconut oil or olive oil cooking spray, for the baking dish; 1 pound wild salmon fillet; 1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil; 1/2 teaspoon curry powder (add more if desired!); 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice; 1 teaspoon dried oregano, or 2 tablespoons fresh oregano; 2 teaspoons reduced-sodium tamari soy sauce; 1 tablespoon unrefined coconut oil, at room temperature; 1 teaspoon curry powder; 3 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 1 teaspoon raw or manuka honey; 2 tablespoons reduced-sodium tamari soy sauce; 2 cups lacinato kale leaves, finely chopped; 2 cups cooked quinoa; 1/4 red onion, thinly sliced | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350°F. Coat a 9 x 13-inch baking dish with coconut oil or olive oil cooking spray and set aside. In a medium bowl, whisk together the olive oil, curry, lemon juice, oregano, and tamari soy sauce. Place the salmon into a nonreactive container or baking dish with a lid, and pour the marinade over the top. Using a cooking brush, baste the salmon with the marinade, cover, and place into the fridge for about 30 minutes. Remove the salmon from the fridge, and transfer to the prepared baking dish. Bake, on middle rack, for about 15 minutes. Remove from the oven and let cool slight <END>
INPUT: wine, coriander seeds, peppercorns, salt, Turkish California bay
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pickled Mushrooms | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups dry white wine; 1 teaspoon whole coriander seeds; 1/2 teaspoon whole black peppercorns; 3/4 teaspoon salt; 1 Turkish or 1/2 California bay leaf; 3 garlic cloves, peeled and smashed; 1 lb small (1-inch) white or cremini mushrooms, trimmed; 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Boil wine, spices, salt, bay leaf, and garlic in a deep 10-inch heavy skillet 5 minutes. Add mushrooms and oil, then reduce heat and gently simmer, uncovered, until mushrooms are barely tender, about 15 minutes. Transfer to a bowl and cool mushrooms in liquid, uncovered. Chill, covered, at least 8 hours for flavors to meld. Discard bay leaf and whole spices. Serve at room temperature. Boil wine, spices, salt, bay leaf, and garlic in a deep 10-inch heavy skillet 5 minutes. Add mushrooms and oil, then reduce heat and gently simmer, uncovered, until mushrooms are barely tender, about 15 minutes.  <END>
INPUT: Italian, truffled, wine, butter, leek, fennel bulb, onion, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Truffled Red Wine Risotto with Parmesan Broth | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon butter; 1 small leek (white part only), chopped; 1 small fennel bulb, chopped; 1/2 onion, chopped; 1/2 head of garlic, halved crosswise; 1 teaspoon tomato paste; 1 1/2 pounds Parmesan cheese rinds, broken into 2- to 3-inch squares; 2 fresh thyme sprigs; 2 fresh parsley sprigs; 8 cups (about) water; 4 fresh thyme sprigs; 2 fresh Italian parsley sprigs; 2 bay leaves; 1 teaspoon whole black peppercorns; 1 teaspoon fennel seeds | INSTRUCTIONS: Make parmesan broth: Melt butter in heavy large saucepan over medium heat. Add leek, fennel, onion, and garlic. Stir until vegetables are soft, about 5 minutes. Add tomato paste and cook until beginning to brown on bottom of pan, about 2 minutes. Add cheese rinds, thyme, and parsley. Add enough water just to cover. Bring to boil; reduce heat to medium-low, cover, and simmer 2 hours, stirring occasionally. Strain, discarding solids in strainer. Return broth to saucepan. Boil over medium-high heat until reduced to 1 1/2 cups, about 15 minutes. Season with salt and pepper. DO AHEAD: Can be made 2 <END>
INPUT: pancakes, all purpose flour, baking powder, superfine sugar, desiccated coconut, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Coconut Pancakes with Banana and Passion Fruit Syrup | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 3/4 cups all-purpose flour; 1 teaspoon baking powder; 1 tablespoon superfine sugar; 3/4 cup desiccated coconut; Pinch salt; 4 eggs, separated; 1 cup milk; 1 cup coconut milk; 1 3/4 ounces unsalted butter, melted; Butter, for greasing the pan; 6 bananas, sliced in 1/2 lengthwise; Passion Fruit Syrup, recipe follows; 1/2 cup superfine sugar; 1/4 cup passion fruit pulp | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 250 degrees F. Put the flour, baking powder, sugar, desiccated coconut and salt in a bowl and stir to combine. Put the egg yolks, milk and coconut milk into another bowl and whisk to combine. Add the milk mixture and butter to the dry ingredients and mix lightly with a metal spoon until just combined. Place the egg whites in a clean, dry stainless steel bowl and whisk until stiff peaks form. Using a large metal spoon, fold the egg whites through the batter in 2 batches. Heat a large nonstick frying plan over a medium heat and brush a small portion of butter over the base. F <END>
INPUT: agnolotti, pumpkin purée, Parmesan, sugar, lemon zest, Salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pumpkin Agnolotti | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup canned pumpkin purée; 1/4 cup grated Parmesan, plus more for sprinkling; 1/8 teaspoon sugar; 1/4 teaspoon lemon zest; Salt and pepper; 18 round or square wonton wrappers; 1 egg, lightly beaten; 2 tablespoons butter; 1/4 cup crème fraîche; Pumpkin seeds, toasted and shelled | INSTRUCTIONS: Mash pumpkin purée, Parmesan, sugar, and lemon zest in a medium bowl. Season with salt and pepper. Arrange wonton wrappers on a work surface. Brush edges with lightly beaten egg. Place 1 teaspoon filling on bottom half; fold top half over, gently pressing edges to seal. Boil ravioli in salted water until just tender, about 3 minutes. Melt butter with crème fraîche in a sauté pan. Add ravioli and 2 tablespoons pasta cooking liquid; toss to coat. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Top with grated Parmesan and pumpkin seeds (pepitas). Mash pumpkin purée, Parmesan, sugar, and lemon zest in a me <END>
INPUT: Mexican, roast, thyme, Juice limes, garlic, jalapeno peppers, virgin olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Honey-Lime Roast Chicken | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 small bunch fresh thyme; Juice of 2 limes; 4 cloves garlic, smashed; 3 jalapeno peppers, halved, seeded and thinly sliced; 1/2 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 2 tablespoons honey; Kosher salt; 3 half chickens (about 1 1/2 pounds each); 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, cut into pieces | INSTRUCTIONS: Strip the thyme leaves from the stems; combine the leaves and stems with the lime juice, garlic, jalapenos, olive oil, honey and 1 teaspoon salt in a large bowl. Add the chicken and turn to coat. Cover and marinate 30 minutes to 1 hour at room temperature. Position a rack in the upper third of the oven; preheat to 425 degrees F. Put the chicken, skin-side up, on a foil-lined rimmed baking sheet and tuck the wing tips underneath. Pour the marinade on top, season with salt and dot with the butter. Roast the chicken, basting with the pan juices halfway through, until the skin is amber and a therm <END>
INPUT: French, salad, virgin olive oil, diameter fingerling potatoes, onions, Italian parsley leaves, tarragon leaves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Fingerling Potato Salad | CUISINE: French | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons plus 2 teaspoons extra-virgin olive oil plus additional for brushing; 1 1/2 pounds 1-inch-diameter fingerling potatoes, halved lengthwise; 2 green onions, thinly sliced; 1/4 cup fresh Italian parsley leaves; 2 tablespoons fresh tarragon leaves; 1 1/2 tablespoons Banyuls vinegar or red wine vinegar; 1 tablespoon coarse-grained Dijon mustard; 2 hard-boiled eggs, peeled, chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: Position rack in bottom third of oven and preheat to 400°F. Brush heavy large rimmed baking sheet with oil. Place potatoes and 2 tablespoons oil in large bowl. Sprinkle with salt and pepper; toss. Arrange potatoes, cut side down, on prepared baking sheet. Roast until potatoes are brown on cut side, about 23 minutes. Using tongs, turn potatoes over. Roast until crisp, deep golden, and tender, about 12 minutes longer. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Stir green onions, parsley, tarragon, vinegar, mustard, and 2 teaspoons oil in small bowl. Season with salt and pepper. Transfer potatoes to d <END>
INPUT: French, salad, dressing, potatoes, honey, Dijon mustard, grain mustard, olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Red Potato Salad with Dijon Dressing | CUISINE: French | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound red potatoes, scrubbed, but not peeled; 1 tablespoon honey; 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard; 1 tablespoon whole grain mustard; 1 tablespoon olive oil; 1 1/2 teaspoons cider vinegar; 2 scallions, green and white parts, sliced; 1 rib celery, diced; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh dill; Salt and pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Dice the red potatoes into 1/2-inch cubes and place in a pot of cold water. Bring the potatoes to a simmer over high heat and cook until tender, about 10 minutes. Once the potatoes are tender, when pierced with a knife, drain and transfer to a large bowl. To the bowl with the potatoes add the honey, mustards, oil and vinegar. Add the scallions, celery and dill, then toss everything with the honey mustard dressing. Season with salt and pepper and serve. <END>
INPUT: pudding, water, apple juice concentrate, quick tapioca, pureed fruit choice, vanilla yogurt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Quick Tapioca Pudding with Fruit Puree | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup water; 1/2 cup apple juice concentrate; 1/3 cup quick-cooking tapioca; 1 1/2 cups pureed fruit of choice; 1/2 cup vanilla yogurt | INSTRUCTIONS: In a saucepan combine water and apple juice concentrate and bring to a boil. Gradually add tapioca and cook for 5 minutes, stirring constantly. Remove from heat and allow to cool for 5 minutes. Fold in pureed fruit and yogurt and spoon into individual custard cups. Chill until firm.; <END>
INPUT: strip bacon, vegetable oil, chicken legs, chicken thighs, Kosher salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken and Biscuits | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 strip bacon, cut into small lardons; 3 teaspoons vegetable oil; 1 pound chicken legs; 1 pound chicken thighs; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 carrots, chopped; 2 celery stalks, chopped; 1 large onion, diced; 1 tablespoon all-purpose flour; 2 cups chicken stock; Sour Cream Garlic Biscuits, recipe follows; 4 tablespoons butter, cut into 1/2-inch cubes; 1 1/4 cups all-purpose flour, plus more for dusting; 1 tablespoon baking powder; 1/2 teaspoon baking soda | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook the bacon in 2 teaspoons of the oil in a heavy pot or Dutch oven over medium heat until crisp. Remove and set aside, reserving the bacon fat in the pot. Use dry hands to pull off the skin from the chicken thighs and discard. Trim any large pieces of fat. Sprinkle the chicken legs and thighs with salt and pepper and brown over medium-high heat in the Dutch oven. Remove the chicken and set aside. Lower the heat to medium and cook the carrots, celery and onions in the remaining oil over medium heat until tender and fragrant. Sprinkle with flour and cook 1 minute, stirring. Deglaze the pan wi <END>
INPUT: Indian, salad, chicken, celery, onion, pecans, cucumber
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken Salad | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 4 cups minced cooked chicken; 1 cup minced celery; 1/4 cup minced onion; 1/4 cup minced pecans; 1/4 cup minced cucumber; 2 tablespoons mango chutney; 1/4 cup mayonnaise; 2 teaspoons hot Madras curry powder; Salt and pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Mix together the chicken, celery, onion, pecans and cucumber in a medium-sized bowl. Place all the remaining ingredients in a small bowl and stir until the curry powder is mixed through and the mixture becomes a mustardy yellow hue. Add the mayonnaise mixture by tablespoons to the chicken mixture. (The salad should not be too wet or too dry -- you may not need all of the mayonnaise mixture.) Adjust the seasonings, cover with plastic wrap, and chill for at least 1 hour. Serve chilled on a bed of lettuce or mounded in a hollowed-out pineapple half. <END>
INPUT: berry, tart, graham crackers, dark sugar, Milk
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pudding and Berry Tart with Graham Cracker Crust | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 12 whole graham crackers; 3/4 stick (6 tablespoons) butter; 3 tablespoons dark brown sugar; 2 (3.4-ounce) packages "cook and serve" vanilla pudding; Milk (according to pudding package instructions); 1 pint fresh strawberries; 1/2 pint fresh blueberries; 1/2 pint fresh blackberries or raspberries | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. For the crust: crumble the graham crackers by hand or with a potato masher to get fine crumbs. Heat the butter in a saucepan or microwave until half-melted. Work the butter into the crumbs with your fingertips until the crumbs look like wet sand. Using your fingertips, press the crust into a 9-inch pie plate or disposable aluminum pie pan to make an even layer over the bottom and sides of the pan. Bake until the crust is a shade darker, about 12 minutes, and let cool completely. Make the pudding according to the package directions. Let stand about 5 to 10 min <END>
INPUT: all purpose flour, Salt pepper, chicken breasts, Grapeseed oil, marsala wine
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken Marsala | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup all-purpose flour; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 1/2 pounds chicken breasts; Grapeseed oil, for cooking; 3/4 cup marsala wine; 1 cup veal or beef stock; 4 ounces (1 stick) butter; 1/2 cup 1/4-inch-thick sliced mushrooms; Fresh herbs such as chives or grated cheese, for garnish, optional | INSTRUCTIONS: To prepare the chicken, season the flour with salt and pepper. Slice the chicken breasts to 1/4-inch-thick medallions. Coat with the flour and tap off any excess. Next, in a saucepan over medium heat, add enough oil to coat the bottom of the pan and allow to warm. After warming, add the chicken and cook until browned, 2 to 3 minutes. Flip and repeat the process. After cooking all the chicken, hold warm covered on a plate. Add the marsala to the pan over medium-high heat. This will deglaze the pan. After deglazing, reduce the wine by three-fourths volume so 2 ounces remain. Then add the mushroo <END>
INPUT: Mexican, salsa, olive oil, leeks, onion, shallots, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: 5x Onion Salsa | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons olive oil; 2 leeks (white and pale green parts only), quartered lengthwise, sliced; 1 1/2 cups chopped red onion; 1/2 cup chopped shallots; 2 tablespoons minced garlic; 2 teaspoons chopped fresh thyme or 3/4 teaspoon dried; 3 tablespoons mayonnaise; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh chives or green onions | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat olive oil in heavy large skillet over medium heat. Add leeks, onion, shallots, garlic and thyme. Season with salt and pepper. Sauté until vegetables are crisp-tender, about 5 minutes. Transfer to bowl and cool. Add mayonnaise and chives to onion mixture. Season salsa to taste with salt and pepper. Heat olive oil in heavy large skillet over medium heat. Add leeks, onion, shallots, garlic and thyme. Season with salt and pepper. Sauté until vegetables are crisp-tender, about 5 minutes. Transfer to bowl and cool. Add mayonnaise and chives to onion mixture. Season salsa to taste with salt and  <END>
INPUT: Mexican, chermoula, olive oil, skin, Kosher salt, garlic, coriander seeds
OUTPUT: TITLE: Crispy Chicken Breasts with Chermoula and Escarole | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 4 tablespoons olive oil, divided; 2 large skin-on, bone-in chicken breasts, bones removed (1 1/2–2 pounds); Kosher salt, freshly ground pepper; 2 garlic cloves, finely chopped; 1 teaspoon coriander seeds, chopped; 1 teaspoon cumin seeds, chopped; 1/2 teaspoon hot smoked paprika; 1 medium shallot, sliced into rings; 1/2 cup fresh cilantro leaves with tender stems; 2 tablespoons (or more) fresh lemon juice; 1/2 head escarole, torn into pieces | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat 1 tablespoon oil in a medium skillet over medium heat. Season chicken with salt and pepper and cook, skin side down, until golden brown, 10–12 minutes. Turn and cook until cooked through, 5–8 minutes longer. Transfer to a plate; reserve skillet. Wipe out skillet and heat remaining 3 tablespoons oil over medium heat. Add garlic, coriander, cumin, and paprika. Cook, stirring occasionally, until garlic is softened and spices are fragrant, about 2 minutes. Remove from heat, add shallot, and toss to coat; season with salt and pepper. Combine cilantro, lemon juice, and 2 tablespoons garlic-shal <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, paella, olive oil, onion, garlic, sweet pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Couscous Paella with Shrimp | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon olive oil; 1 medium onion, chopped; 3 cloves garlic, chopped; 1 medium sweet red pepper, cut into 1/2-inch dice; 1 medium sweet yellow pepper, cut into 1/2-inch dice; 1 teaspoon salt; 1/2 teaspoon black pepper; 1/2 teaspoon dried thyme; 1/2 teaspoon red pepper flakes; 1/2 teaspoon ground turmeric; 1 can (14 1/2-ounce) chicken broth; 1 cup water; 1 box (10 ounce) frozen peas, thawed; 1 1/2 pounds large shrimp, shelled and cleaned; 1 (10-ounce) box couscous | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat oil in a 8 to 10 quart heavy bottomed pot. Add onion, garlic and sweet peppers; cook until peppers are tender, 8 minutes. Add salt, black pepper, thyme, pepper flakes and turmeric; cook 1 minute. Add broth, water, peas and shrimp. Simmer, covered, 2 minutes. Remove from heat. Stir in couscous; cover; let stand 5 minutes. Serve, garnished with olives. <END>
INPUT: Bliss potatoes, garlic, olive oil, basil leaves, Asiago cheese
OUTPUT: TITLE: Asiago Potatoes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 16 small Red Bliss potatoes (about 2 inches in diameter); 12 garlic cloves; 1/2 cup olive oil; 10 large basil leaves; 1/2 lb Asiago cheese, grated; 1 cup mayonnaise; paprika | INSTRUCTIONS: Generously cover potatoes and 1 tablespoon salt with cold water in a medium pot, then simmer until tender, about 12 minutes. Drain potatoes and rinse with cold water. Cool to room temperature in refrigerator, about 40 minutes. Meanwhile, cook garlic in oil at a bare simmer in a small heavy saucepan, stirring occasionally, until tender and golden, about 12 minutes. Drain garlic, reserving oil for another use, then mash to a paste. Preheat oven to 350°F with rack in middle. Mince basil, then stir together with garlic paste, cheese, mayonnaise, and salt and pepper to taste. Using a small melon-ba <END>
INPUT: waterzooi, chicken, carrots, celery, shallots onions, Parsley
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken Waterzooi | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 whole large chicken; 4 carrots; 3 celery stalks; 4 shallots or small onions; Parsley; 1 sprig fresh thyme; 1 bay leaf; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 leeks; 400 grams mushrooms (about 14 ounces); 4 egg yolks; 1 cup cream; 1 lemon, juiced; 2 tablespoon butter; Pinch nutmeg | INSTRUCTIONS: Preparation for the stock: Place the chicken in a pot of water, covering the chicken entirely. Add 2 carrots, 2 celery stalks, and 1 onion, cut into approximately 1-inch pieces. Add parsley, thyme and a bay leaf and poach until chicken is cooked. Add salt and pepper, to taste. Cut the remaining carrots, celery, onions into 1-inch sticks and place them in a saucepan with water to cover. Cut the leeks into 1-inch sticks, slice the mushrooms and add to saucepan. Parboil vegetables in salted water. Take out the chicken when poached (no red color must be seen under the skin) and discard vegetables  <END>
INPUT: caramel, sundaes, unsalted butter, sugar, cored Bosc pears, egg yolks, whipping cream
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pear-Caramel Ice Cream Sundaes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 2/3 cup sugar; 3 1/2 cups diced peeled cored ripe Bosc pears (about 1 1/2 pounds); 4 egg yolks; 2 cups whipping cream; 2 tablespoons poire Williams (clear pear brandy), optional; 3 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1/4 cup plus 2 tablespoons sugar; 3 ripe Bosc pears, peeled, cored, each cut into 12 lengthwise slices | INSTRUCTIONS: For Ice Cream: Melt butter in heavy 10-inch skillet over medium-low heat. Add sugar and cook until sugar melts (mixture will be grainy for first 10 to 12 minutes) and turns deep amber, stirring occasionally and pressing on sugar lumps to break up, about 20 minutes. Add pears (caramel will bubble and harden). Increase heat to medium-high and boil until liquid thickens and pears are very tender, breaking up large pieces of caramel and stirring occasionally, about 14 minutes. Transfer mixture to blender. Beat yolks to blend in medium bowl. Bring cream to boil in heavy medium saucepan. Gradually w <END>
INPUT: mores, semisweet chocolate chips, heavy cream, light corn syrup, unsalted butter, Kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: S'mores Dip | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 ounces semisweet chocolate chips; 1/2 cup heavy cream; 2 tablespoons light corn syrup; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; Kosher salt; Heaping cup of mini marshmallows; Suggested dippers: graham crackers, pretzels, potato chips | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine the chocolate chips, heavy cream, corn syrup, butter and 1/8 teaspoon salt in an 8-inch cast iron skillet (see Cook's Note). Put over medium heat. Stir periodically as the mixture comes to a gentle simmer. Simmer for 6 minutes, stirring frequently, until the sauce is smooth and slightly thickened. Turn down the heat if the sauce comes to a full boil. Remove from the heat and let cool at least 15 minutes. Preheat the broiler. Cover the fudge sauce with a single dense layer of marshmallows. Place under the broiler and broil until the marshmallows are toasty brown, 2 to 3 minutes (watch c <END>
INPUT: gelato, heavy whipping cream, milk, buttermilk, mascarpone cheese, coffee beans
OUTPUT: TITLE: Limoncello Gelato | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups heavy whipping cream; 1/2 cup whole milk; 1/4 cup buttermilk; 1/4 cup mascarpone cheese*; 4 coffee beans; 1 teaspoon finely grated lemon peel; 1 vanilla bean, split lengthwise; 4 large egg yolks; 1/2 cup sugar; 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 1/4 cup limoncello or other lemon liqueur plus additional for serving | INSTRUCTIONS: Whisk first 6 ingredients in large saucepan. Scrape in seeds from vanilla bean; add bean. Cook over medium-high heat until bubbles form at edges, stirring occasionally. Remove from heat, cover, and let steep 15 minutes. Whisk egg yolks, sugar, and lemon juice in large bowl until thick and smooth. Slowly whisk warm cream mixture into yolk mixture. Return custard to same saucepan. Stir over medium heat until custard thickens enough to coat spoon and thermometer registers 180°F, about 6 minutes; do not boil. Pour custard into medium bowl. Stir in 1/4 cup limoncello. Chill custard until cold, stir <END>
INPUT: Indian, pilaf, water, lentils, Turkish bay leaves, bulgur, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Bulgur and Green Lentil Pilaf | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 5 1/4 cups water; 3/4 cup green lentils (about 6 ounces); 2 Turkish bay leaves; 2 1/4 cups medium bulgur (cracked wheat); 1 1/4 teaspoons salt; 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1/2 teaspoon ground nutmeg; 1/4 teaspoon ground cardamom; 3/4 cup slivered almonds, toasted; 1/3 cup caramelized onions reserved from chicken | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring first 3 ingredients to boil in large saucepan over medium-high heat. Partially cover pan, reduce heat to low, and simmer until lentils are almost tender, about 15 minutes. Mix in bulgur, salt, and spices. Cover; simmer until water is absorbed, about 10 minutes longer. Season with pepper. Discard bay leaves. Serve topped with almonds and reserved onions. Bring first 3 ingredients to boil in large saucepan over medium-high heat. Partially cover pan, reduce heat to low, and simmer until lentils are almost tender, about 15 minutes. Mix in bulgur, salt, and spices. Cover; simmer until water i <END>
INPUT: Mexican, tacos, onion, garlic, cumin seeds, vegetable oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Chicken Tacos | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 medium onion, cut into wedges, keeping root intact; 2 garlic cloves, finely chopped; 1 pound skinless, boneless chicken thighs; 1 tablespoon cumin seeds, coarsely crushed; 1 tablespoon vegetable oil; 1 teaspoon kosher salt; 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 8 corn tortillas, warmed (for serving); 2 avocados, sliced (for serving); Charred Tomatillo Salsa Verde (for serving); Cilantro sprigs, sliced radishes, and lime wedges (for serving) | INSTRUCTIONS: Prepare grill for medium-high heat. Toss onion, garlic, chicken, cumin, oil, salt, and pepper in a medium bowl. Grill onion and chicken until cooked through and lightly charred, about 4 minutes per side. Let chicken rest 5 minutes before slicing. Serve with tortillas, avocados, Charred Tomatillo Salsa Verde, cilantro, radishes, and lime wedges. Prepare grill for medium-high heat. Toss onion, garlic, chicken, cumin, oil, salt, and pepper in a medium bowl. Grill onion and chicken until cooked through and lightly charred, about 4 minutes per side. Let chicken rest 5 minutes before slicing. Serve  <END>
INPUT: louis, crisp, crab meat, tomatoes, hard eggs, mayonnaise
OUTPUT: TITLE: Crab Louis | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 quart crisp, coarsely shredded lettuce; 1 pound fresh-cooked crab meat, well picked over (Dungeness, lump, or backfin); 4 tomatoes, quartered; 4 hard-cooked eggs, peeled and quartered; 1 cup mayonnaise; 1/3 cup ketchup; 1/4 cup heavy cream, whipped; 2 tablespoons finely grated scallions; 2 tablespoons minced parsley; 2 tablespoons minced green bell pepper; 2 teaspoons lemon juice; 1 teaspoon prepared horseradish; Pinch salt | INSTRUCTIONS: On 4 luncheon-size plates, make beds of lettuce. Mound crab on top. Combine dressing ingredients and spoon over crab, then garnish each plate with tomatoes and hard-cooked eggs. <END>
INPUT: parsleyed, fritters, garlic, mayonnaise, sour cream, lemon zest, lemon juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Parsleyed Celery Root Fritters and Lemon Aïoli | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 garlic cloves; 3/4 cup mayonnaise; 1/4 cup sour cream; 1 tablespoon freshly grated lemon zest; 2 teaspoons fresh lemon juice; 1 cup all-purpose flour; 1 cup beer (not dark); 1 1/2 teaspoons celery salt; a 1-pound celery root (sometimes called celeriac); about 4 cups vegetable oil for frying; about 12 fresh small flat-leafed parsley sprigs | INSTRUCTIONS: Make aïoli: Mince garlic and in a bowl stir together aïoli ingredients and salt and pepper to taste. (Aïoli may be made 2 days ahead and chilled, covered.) Mince garlic and in a bowl stir together aïoli ingredients and salt and pepper to taste. (Aïoli may be made 2 days ahead and chilled, covered.) Make batter: In a bowl whisk together batter ingredients and pepper to taste. With a sharp knife peel celery root and cut crosswise into 1/4-inch-thick slices. In a bowl whisk together batter ingredients and pepper to taste. With a sharp knife peel celery root and cut crosswise into 1/4-inch-thick s <END>
INPUT: ketchup, onion, bulb fennel, celery, Olive oil, Thumb sized piece
OUTPUT: TITLE: Homemade Tomato Ketchup | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 large red onion, peeled and roughly chopped; 1/2 bulb fennel, trimmed and roughly chopped; 1 stick celery, trimmed and roughly chopped; Olive oil; Thumb-sized piece fresh ginger, peeled and roughly chopped; 2 cloves garlic, peeled and sliced; 1/2 a fresh red chili, deseeded and finely chopped; Bunch fresh basil, leaves picked, stalks chopped; 1 tablespoon coriander seeds; 2 cloves; Sea salt; 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 1 pound amazing cherry or plum tomatoes, halved plus 1 pound canned plum tomatoes, chopped or 2 pounds yellow, orange or green tomatoes, chopped; 3/4 cup plus 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar; 1/3 cup soft brown sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: Place all the vegetables in a large heavy-bottomed saucepan with a big splash of olive oil and the ginger, garlic, chili, basil stalks, coriander seeds and cloves. Season with the pepper and a good pinch of salt. Cook gently over a low heat for 10 to 15 minutes until softened, stirring every so often. Add all the tomatoes and 1 1/2 cups of cold water. Bring to the boil and simmer gently until the sauce reduces by half. Add the basil leaves, then whiz the sauce in a food processor or with a hand blender and push it through a sieve twice, to make it smooth and shiny. Put the sauce into a clean p <END>
INPUT: Asian, rangoon, Grapeseed canola oil, onions, lemongrass, Kosher salt pepper, cranberries
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cranberry-Crab Rangoon | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: Grapeseed or canola oil for cooking; 2 red onions, cut into 1/2-inch dice; 2 tablespoons minced lemongrass, white part only; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, to taste; 2 cups dried cranberries, such as Craisins, chopped; 1/2 cup sugar; 2 cups naturally brewed rice vinegar; 3 pounds picked, fresh crab meat (snow, blue); 3/4 pound cream cheese, softened; 1/2 cup chopped chives, 2 tablespoons reserved for garnish; 1 package thin square wonton skins, defrosted (at least 60-count); 2 eggs mixed with 1/4 cup water; Accompaniments: dim sum dipper and cranberry-teriyaki glaze | INSTRUCTIONS: In a sauté pan coated lightly with oil over high heat, sauté onions and lemongrass until soft, about 5 minutes. Season with kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper and check for flavor. Add cranberries and sugar and deglaze with naturally brewed rice vinegar. Reduce by 75 percent or until liquid is absorbed. Check again for seasoning. (When cool, you can transfer to a container and store in fridge for up to two weeks.) In a large bowl, mix crab, cream cheese, cooled cranberry mixture and chives. Season with kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper and check for flavor. Lay out 4 to 6 sk <END>
INPUT: covered, pretzel rods, almonds, long stemmed strawberries
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate Covered Strawberries | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup pretzel rods; 1 cup almonds; 3 (4-ounce) bars semisweet chocolate, melted (recommended: Valrhona chocolate); 8 long-stemmed strawberries | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Chop pretzels and nuts and place in 2 separate bowls. Chop chocolate. In a double boiler, melt chocolate until smooth and velvety. Dip strawberries in chocolate and then in pretzels or nuts. Place covered strawberries on a 1/2 sheet tray lined with waxed paper. Allow to set at room temperature and serve <END>
INPUT: Mexican, herbed, mole, pumpkin seeds, cumin seeds, oregano, vegetable olive oil, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Herbed Pumpkin Seed Mole | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup peeled pumpkin seeds; 1 teaspoon cumin seeds; 1/2 teaspoon dried oregano; 1 tablespoon vegetable or olive oil; 1 onion, cut into wedges; 5 tomatillos, husked and halved; 5 garlic cloves, halved; 2 jalapeño peppers, sliced; 2 cups chicken broth; 1 packed cup coarsely chopped, fresh cilantro; 1 cup coarsely chopped fresh parsley; 1/2 cup fresh epazote (optional); 1 teaspoon salt | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large skillet with high sides or in a large saucepan, toast the pumpkin seeds, cumin seeds, and oregano over high heat. Toss to make sure they don't burn, but toast until fragrant, about 3 to 4 minutes. Remove from the heat and transfer to a blender or spice grinder and process until ground. Set aside. In the same skillet, heat the oil over medium-high heat. Add the onion, tomatillos, garlic, and jalapeños and cook until slightly browned, 4 to 5 minutes, tossing a couple of times, but not stirring too much. Carefully place the vegetables in a blender or food processor. Then add the broth, <END>
INPUT: American, asparagus spears, virgin olive oil, tube refrigerated pizza, tomatoes Italian seasonings, log soft goat
OUTPUT: TITLE: Goat Cheese and Asparagus Pizza | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 6 asparagus spears, trimmed, halved lengthwise, cut into 1 1/2-inch pieces; 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1 10-ounce tube refrigerated pizza crust dough; 1 14 1/2-ounce can diced tomatoes with Italian seasonings, drained; 1 5.5-ounce log soft fresh goat cheese (such as Montrachet); 3 tablespoons chopped fresh marjoram; 1/4 teaspoon dried crushed red pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 400°F. Toss asparagus with oil in medium bowl to coat. Unroll pizza dough on baking sheet, forming 9x12-inch rectangle. Spoon tomatoes over dough, leaving 3/4-inch plain border. Scatter asparagus with oil over tomatoes. Bake pizza 7 minutes. Remove from oven. Crumble goat cheese over pizza. Sprinkle with marjoram and crushed pepper. Bake until crust is golden around edges, about 9 minutes longer. Preheat oven to 400°F. Toss asparagus with oil in medium bowl to coat. Unroll pizza dough on baking sheet, forming 9x12-inch rectangle. Spoon tomatoes over dough, leaving 3/4-inch plai <END>
INPUT: crepes, flour, sugar, salt, eggs, butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Crepes Stuffed with Apples and Cherries | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups flour; 2 tablespoons sugar; 1 teaspoon salt; 6 eggs; 6 tablespoons butter, meted and cooled; 2 cups milk; 2/3 cup water; 2/3 cup dried cherries; 4 Granny Smith apples, firm, peeled, cored and coarsely chopped; 1 cup water; 1/2 cup Kirsch or brandy; 2 tablespoons sugar; 1 teaspoon lemon juice; Blanched chives, for crepe bundles | INSTRUCTIONS: In a bowl of a food processor set with the metal blade, place the flour, sugar and salt. Add the eggs and process with pulsing action. Add the butter, milk and water. Pulse to combine. Pour batter into container and refrigerate for 1 hour. Spray fry pan or crepe pan with non-stick spray. Heat pan. When hot, ladle in enough batter to thinly coat surface of the pan. Cook on 1 side and flip. Cook on other side. Remove from pan and let cool. Continue making the crepes, spraying pan prior to making each one. Place the cherries and apples in a large saute pan. Add the water, brandy, sugar and lemon  <END>
INPUT: Asian, mango nectar, ginger syrup, Soda seltzer finishing, Mint leaves, Orange wheels
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mango-Ginger "Soda" | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 2 ounces mango nectar; 1 1/2 ounces ginger syrup (recipe follows); Soda or seltzer for finishing the drink; Mint leaves, for garnish; Orange wheels, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Add ingredients to tall ice-filled tumbler. Top with soda or seltzer. Garnish with mint leaves and orange wheel. GINGER SYRUP: Ginger syrup is simple syrup infused with fresh peeled ginger. Take equal parts water and sugar and add a 1 inch piece sliced, heated with the sugar and water while they are being melted together. Allow to steep together for a few hours while cooling, then remove the ginger and refrigerate. <END>
INPUT: slaw, herbs, carrots, orange juice, Tbs. virgin olive, roasted garlic, hot pepper flakes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Carrot Slaw with Toasted Pine Nuts and Herbs | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 lb. fresh carrots, ends trimmed; 1/2-cup orange juice; 2 Tbs. extra virgin olive oil; 5 cloves roasted garlic, squeezed from skins and finely chopped; 1/2 tsp. hot red pepper flakes; 2 Tbs. pine nuts; 1/2-cup finely chopped fresh mint; 1 teaspoon sea salt or other coarse salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Use grating disc of a food processor or a hand grater to shred carrots. Place them in a medium bowl. Stir in orange juice, olive oil, garlic and pepper flakes. Heat a small, dry skillet on medium and add pine nuts. Cook, shaking pan constantly, until they are fragrant and lightly browned - about 5 minutes. Add toasted nuts to carrots and toss. Add herbs, toss and season to taste with coarse salt. Serve immediately. <END>
INPUT: calamari, jarred mayonnaise, anchovy fillets, lemon juice, parsley, cayenne
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fried Calamari with Spicy Anchovy Mayonnaise | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 cup jarred mayonnaise; 4 to 5 anchovy fillets; 2 tablespoons lemon juice; 1 tablespoon finely chopped parsley; 1/2 teaspoon cayenne; 1 pound fresh, clean squid; 4 cups light olive oil or vegetable oil; 1 cup all purpose flour; 1 cup graham cracker crumbs; 1 teaspoon kosher salt | INSTRUCTIONS: In a food processor, combine the mayonnaise, anchovies, lemon juice, parsley and cayenne. Blend until smooth. Transfer the sauce to a bowl and refrigerate, covered tightly, for up to 2 days, until ready to serve. Cut the squid into 1/3-inch rings. If the tentacles are large, halve or quarter them lengthwise. Refrigerate until ready to use. In a heavy bottomed straight sided 3 quart saucepan, about 8 inches in diameter, heat the oil to 360 degrees. In a shallow bowl, combine the flour and graham cracker crumbs. Toss 1/3 of the squid in the flour mixture to coat evenly. Shake the squid in a mesh <END>
INPUT: salad, smoked turkey breast, onions, celery, low fat mayonnaise, thyme
OUTPUT: TITLE: Smoked Turkey Salad with Bing Cherries and Hazelnuts | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/4 pounds smoked turkey breast, diced; 1 cup chopped green onions; 3/4 cup chopped celery; 1/3 cup low-fat mayonnaise; 3 tablespoons chopped fresh thyme; 6 tablespoons olive oil; 3 tablespoons white wine vinegar; 8 ounces mixed baby greens; 2 1/3 cups coarsely chopped pitted Bing cherries; 1/2 cup coarsely chopped husked toasted hazelnuts | INSTRUCTIONS: Mix turkey, green onions, celery, 1/3 cup mayonnaise and 2 tablespoons chopped thyme in medium bowl. Season salad with salt and pepper. Whisk oil, vinegar and remaining 1 tablespoon chopped thyme in small bowl to blend. Season with salt and pepper. Toss greens and vinaigrette in large bowl. Divide among plates. Add cherries and nuts to turkey. Place atop greens. Mix turkey, green onions, celery, 1/3 cup mayonnaise and 2 tablespoons chopped thyme in medium bowl. Season salad with salt and pepper. Whisk oil, vinegar and remaining 1 tablespoon chopped thyme in small bowl to blend. Season with sal <END>
INPUT: pies, topping, chicken, low salt chicken, bay leaf, butter, bell pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken and Vegetable Pot Pies with Dilled Biscuit Topping | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 4 1/2- to 5-pound chicken, quartered, giblets reserved; 6 cups canned low-salt chicken broth; 1 bay leaf; 5 tablespoons butter; 3/4 cup finely chopped red bell pepper; 1/2 cup chopped onion; 3/4 teaspoon dried thyme, crumbled; 8 ounces button mushrooms, coarsely chopped; 5 tablespoons unbleached all purpose flour; 1 3/4 cups frozen mixed vegetables (from one 16-ounce bag), thawed; 1/3 cup whipping cream; Dough for Dilled Buttermilk Biscuits (unbaked) | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine chicken, giblets, broth and bay leaf in large pot. Cover partially; simmer until chicken is just cooked through, rearranging chicken occasionally, about 25 minutes. Transfer chicken to large bowl. Simmer broth over medium-high heat until reduced to 2 1/2 cups liquid, about 15 minutes. Strain broth; discard solids. Remove skin and bones from chicken pieces. Tear meat into bite-size pieces; transfer to bowl. Melt butter in heavy medium saucepan over medium heat. Add bell pepper, onion and thyme. Sauté until onion is tender, about 5 minutes. Add mushrooms. Cook until mushrooms are tender, <END>
INPUT: dirty, rice, onion, garlic, canola oil, plain tomato sauce, light sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Dirty-Rice Collard Green Bundles | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 large onion, finely chopped; 3 cloves garlic, finely chopped; 2 tablespoons canola oil; One 28-ounce can plain tomato sauce; 1/4 cup light brown sugar; 1/4 cup apple-cider vinegar; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 large bunch collard greens (about 18 leaves), stalks discarded; 1 tablespoon canola oil; 1/2 pound pork sweet Italian sausage, removed from casing; 1 large onion, finely chopped; 1 medium green bell pepper, seeded and finely chopped; 2 stalks celery, finely chopped; 2 cloves garlic, minced; 1 cup chicken broth | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. To start the sauce: Sauté the onion and garlic in the oil in a heavy-bottomed saucepan set over medium-high heat, until softened, about 3 minutes. Stir in the tomato sauce, brown sugar, apple-cider vinegar, salt, and pepper. Bring to a boil, then reduce the heat, and let simmer for 15 minutes, so all the flavors can build. Set a large pot of water to boil. Lay each collard leaf out on your work surface, and remove the tough large stem and center vein. Don't cut the whole leaf in half; just cut the toughest part of the stem out in a V-shape. Once the water is  <END>
INPUT: squab, spit, pigeons, sage leaves, prunes, chicken stock, vin santo
OUTPUT: TITLE: Squab on the Spit with Prunes, Vin Santo and Sage | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 whole pigeons, cleaned and gutted, livers set aside, about 4 pounds; 12 sage leaves; 1 cup pitted prunes; 1 cup chicken stock; 1/2 cup vin santo; 1 tablespoon tomato paste or conserve | INSTRUCTIONS: Season the birds with salt and pepper. Stuff each one with sage leaves and a prune. Skewer on the spit and place in front of hot part of coals with a drip pan. Cook until just cooked through (depending on your fire, about 45 minutes to 11/2 hours). Meanwhile, place remaining sage and prunes into a 1 quart sauce pan with stock, vin santo and tomato conserve. Simmer 30 minutes. Remove birds from spit, cut in half and serve with prunes and roasted potatoes. <END>
INPUT: raspberry, cheesecake, superfine sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Raspberry, Whiskey & Oat Cheesecake | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 150 grams (5.25 oz) oatcakes; 25 grams (5 tbsp) regular rolled oats; 1 tablespoon + 2 teaspoons superfine sugar; 100 grams (7 tbsp) unsalted butter; 400 grams (14 oz) full-fat cream cheese; 1/2 cup + 2 tablespoons sour cream; 1/4 cup honey; 100 grams (7 tbsp) superfine sugar; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; 2 to 3 tablespoons whiskey; 3 large eggs; 200 to 300 grams (1 1/2 to 2 1/2 c) fresh raspberries; 8-inch round removable bottom or springform pan | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350°F. To make the crust, crush the oatcakes with a rolling pin or in a food processor until sandy and no chunks remain. Stir in the rolled oats and sugar. Melt the butter over low heat in a small pan, then add it to the crushed oatcakes and stir to combine. Add a bit more butter if the mixture feels dry; it needs to be moist enough to hold together in small clumps. Spoon it into the pan and press firmly with the back of a spoon. Bake for 10 to 15 minutes, until just set (it will firm as it cools). Set aside while you prepare the filling. Turn the oven down to 250°F. To mak <END>
INPUT: American, barbecued, olive oil, chicken breast halves, onion, zucchini, crookneck squash
OUTPUT: TITLE: Barbecued Chicken Pizza | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons olive oil; 2 small skinless boneless chicken breast halves; 1 cup diced onion; 1 large zucchini, halved lengthwise, seeded, cut into 1/2-inch cubes; 1/2 large yellow crookneck squash, halved lengthwise, seeded, cut into 1/2-inch cubes; 2 cups (packed) shredded mozzarella cheese (about 8 ounces); 1/3 cup plus 3 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro; 1 10-ounce purchased fully baked thin pizza crust (such as Boboli); 6 tablespoons purchased barbecue sauce | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 450°F. Heat 2 tablespoons oil in heavy medium skillet over medium-high heat. Season chicken with salt and pepper. Sauté chicken until cooked through, about 5 minutes per side. Transfer chicken to cutting board. Cut chicken into 1/2-inch dice; place chicken in large bowl. Add remaining 1 tablespoon oil and onion to same skillet; sauté over medium-high heat 2 minutes. Add zucchini and yellow squash; sauté until crisp-tender, about 4 minutes. Transfer vegetable mixture to bowl with chicken and cool. Mix in cheese and 1/3 cup cilantro. Season topping to taste with salt and pepper.  <END>
INPUT: Italian, oil, onions, bell peppers, BBQ sauce, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: BBQ Spaghetti | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup cooking oil; 1 cup chopped onions; 3/4 cup chopped green bell peppers; 1 pint BBQ sauce (recommended: Dancing Pigs Original Bar-B-Que Sauce); 1 cup sugar; 1/2 cup dry seasoning rub (recommended: Dancing Pigs Dry Seasoning); Pinch salt; 2 tablespoons liquid smoke; 3 pounds spaghetti; 1 pound cooked pork shoulder, diced | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large skillet, heat oil over medium-high heat. Add onion and green pepper and saute until tender, about 5 minutes. Add barbecue sauce, sugar, seasonings, and liquid smoke. Reduce the heat to a simmer and simmer for 30 minutes, stirring occasionally. When sauce is 15 minutes from being ready, cook spaghetti in a large pot of boiling, salted water until al dente. Drain pasta and then transfer to a large serving bowl. Pour sauce over the pasta and toss. Top with pork shoulder. Serve immediately. <END>
INPUT: bread, pudding, half half, limoncello, granulated sugar, vanilla extract, lemon zest
OUTPUT: TITLE: Challah Bread Pudding with Limoncello | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups half-and-half; 1/4 cup limoncello; 3 tablespoons granulated sugar; 1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract; 1/2 teaspoon finely grated lemon zest; 1/8 teaspoon kosher salt; 3 large eggs; Unsalted butter, for buttering the casserole dish; 5 cups cubed challah (about 8 ounces); 1/3 cup confectioners' sugar; 1 tablespoon limoncello; 1 teaspoon finely grated lemon zest | INSTRUCTIONS: For the bread pudding: Whisk together the half-and-half, limoncello, granulated sugar, vanilla, lemon zest, salt and eggs in a large bowl. Butter a 2-quart casserole dish and add the bread cubes to the dish. Pour the custard over the bread and let stand 20 minutes. Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Cover the dish with foil. Bake, covered, for 20 minutes, then uncover and continue to bake until puffed, set and golden on top, about 25 minutes more. For the glaze: Whisk together the confectioners' sugar, limoncello and lemon zest in a small bowl. Pour the glaze on the warm bread pudding and serv <END>
INPUT: Mexican, chiles, jalapeño, onion, corn kernels, cilantro leaves tender
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pickled Corn | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2 small dried chiles; 1 seeded thinly sliced jalapeño; 1/4 thinly sliced medium red onion; 2 cups corn kernels (from about 2 ears); 1/4 cup fresh cilantro leaves with tender stems; 1/4 cup fresh lime juice; 1/4 teaspoon coarsely ground black pepper; 1/2 cup white wine vinegar or apple cider vinegar; 2 teaspoons kosher salt; 1 teaspoon sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine 2 small dried chiles, 1 seeded thinly sliced jalapeño, 1/4 thinly sliced medium red onion, 2 cups corn kernels (from about 2 ears), 1/4 cup fresh cilantro leaves with tender stems, 1/4 cup fresh lime juice, and 1/4 teaspoon coarsely ground black pepper in a heatproof 1-quart jar. Bring 1/2 cup white wine vinegar or apple cider vinegar, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 1 teaspoon sugar, and 3/4 cup water to a boil; pour over corn. (Add water to cover, if needed.) Seal jar. Let cool; chill. Will keep up to 1 month unopened. Combine 2 small dried chiles, 1 seeded thinly sliced jalapeño, 1/4 thinl <END>
INPUT: chilled, soup, butter, onions, cucumbers, russet potato, low salt chicken
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chilled Cucumber Soup with Smoked Salmon and Dill | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 tablespoons butter; 1 cup chopped onions; 4 cucumbers, peeled, halved, seeded, cut crosswise into 1/2-inch-thick slices (about 5 cups); 1 8-ounce russet potato, peeled, cut into 1/2-inch dice; 3 1/2 cups low-salt chicken broth; 3 large fresh dill sprigs plus 6 tablespoons minced fresh dill; 1 teaspoon (or more) salt; 1 cup crème fraîche or sour cream; 3 ounces smoked salmon, cut into 1/2-inch pieces | INSTRUCTIONS: Melt butter in heavy large pot over medium heat. Add onions and sauté until slightly softened, about 3 minutes. Add cucumbers and potato; stir 1 minute. Add broth, dill sprigs, and 1 teaspoon salt. Increase heat and bring to simmer. Reduce heat to low; cover and simmer until cucumbers and potato are tender, stirring occasionally, about 25 minutes. Working in batches, puree soup in processor until smooth. Return to pot. Cool 15 minutes. Whisk in 1/2 cup crème fraîche and 4 tablespoons minced dill. Cover and chill until cold, about 4 hours. (Can be made 1 day ahead. Keep chilled.) Taste soup, ad <END>
INPUT: lemons, olive oil, fennel bulbs
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fennel, Pine Nut, and Roasted-Lemon Stuffing | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 (1 1/2-pound) loaf country bread, any hard crusts trimmed, cut into 1-inch cubes (about 12 cups); 2 lemons, quartered lengthwise, seeded, cut crosswise into 1/4-inch-thick slices; 2 teaspoons olive oil; 10 tablespoons (1 1/4 sticks) unsalted butter, divided; 2 medium fresh fennel bulbs, trimmed, chopped (about 4 cups); 2 1/2 cups chopped onions; 3 garlic cloves, minced; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh thyme; 1 1/2 teaspoons fennel seeds, lightly crushed in mortar with pestle or in resealable plastic bag; 1 teaspoon coarse kosher salt; 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 1/3 cup chopped fresh Italian parsley; 1/3 cup pine nuts, lightly toasted; 1 1/2 cups turkey broth or low-salt chicken broth | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350°F. Arrange bread cubes in single layer on large rimmed baking sheet. Bake until partially dry, about 12 minutes. Cool. Increase oven temperature to 450°F. Line rimmed baking sheet with parchment paper. Place lemon slices on prepared sheet; drizzle with oil and toss to coat. Spread in single layer. Roast until browned in spots, about 20 minutes. Chop coarsely. Set aside, reserving any juices. Generously butter 13x9x2-inch glass baking dish with 1 tablespoon butter. Melt remaining 9 tablespoons butter in heavy large skillet over medium heat. Add chopped fennel, onions, garlic <END>
INPUT: brownies, vegetable oil, egg, espresso powder, brownie mix
OUTPUT: TITLE: Peanut Butter Espresso Brownies | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Nonstick vegetable oil spray; 1/3 cup vegetable oil; 1 large egg; 2 tablespoons espresso powder; One 17.6-ounce box brownie mix, such as Duncan Hines; 3/4 cup peanut butter chips; 1/4 teaspoon coarse flake salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Spray an 8-by-8-inch baking pan with nonstick spray. In a large bowl, whisk together 1/3 cup water and the oil, egg and espresso powder. Add the brownie mix and stir until well blended. Stir in the peanut butter chips. Transfer the batter to the prepared baking pan. Sprinkle the salt evenly over the top. Bake until a toothpick inserted into the center of the brownies comes out with a few moist crumbs attached, 35 to 40 minutes. Cool completely before cutting into squares. Arrange the brownies on a platter and serve. <END>
INPUT: sundae, heavy whipping cream, condensed milk, sugar, bourbon, cinnamon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Bourbon Brown Sugar Sundae | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cups heavy whipping cream; 1 1/2 cups sweetened condensed milk; 2 tablespoons brown sugar; 1 1/2 tablespoons bourbon; 1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon; Store-bought caramel sauce; Crushed gingersnap cookies; Maple Whipped Cream, recipe follows; 1 cup chilled heavy whipped cream; 1/4 cup powdered sugar; 2 tablespoons real maple syrup | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: ice cream maker Place the ice cream insert in the freezer a full 24 hours before making your ice cream. Whisk together the cream, milk, brown sugar, bourbon and cinnamon together in a large liquid measuring cup and refrigerate until cold, about 30 minutes. Turn your ice cream machine on and pour in the cream mixture. Churn until the mixture looks slushy like soft serve, about 15 minutes. Remove the canister from the ice cream maker and place in the freezer for several hours until firm enough to scoop. Divide the ice cream amongst 4 ice cream bowls and top with caramel sauce, <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, greek, salad, orzo, cucumber, onions, grape tomatoes, dill
OUTPUT: TITLE: Greek Orzo and Grilled Shrimp Salad with Mustard-Dill Vinaigrette | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 pound orzo, cooked al dente; 1 large cucumber, seeded, quartered lengthwise, and sliced; 3 green onions, thinly sliced; 1 pint grape tomatoes, halved; 1/4 cup chopped fresh dill, plus extra for garnish; 1/4 cup white wine vinegar; 3 tablespoons Dijon mustard; 1/2 cup olive oil, plus additional for brushing shrimp; Salt and freshly ground pepper; 3/4 pound feta cheese, crumbled; 16 medium shrimp, peeled and de-veined | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine orzo, cucumber, green onions, and tomatoes in a large bowl. Place dill, vinegar, and mustard in a blender and blend until smooth. With the motor running, slowly add the olive oil and blend until emulsified. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Pour the vinaigrette over the orzo mixture and stir well to combine. Gently fold in the feta cheese. Heat grill to high. Brush shrimp with oil and season with salt and pepper. Grill for approximately 2 minutes per side or until just cooked through. Divide orzo salad among 4 take-out containers or plates and top with 4 shrimp. Garnish with addit <END>
INPUT: Handful parsley, garlic, bay leaves, wine, lemon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Artichokes with Pork Sausage, Lemon and Sage | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Handful fresh parsley; 4 garlic cloves; 2 bay leaves; 1/4 cup dry white wine, such as Pinot Grigio; 1 lemon, halved; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 8 whole artichokes, split in 1/2; Extra-virgin olive oil; 2 large pork sausages, about 1 1/2 pounds total; 4 fresh sage leaves; 2 shallots, minced; 4 garlic cloves, minced; 1/2 lemon cut into paper-thin slices; 1/2 cup homemade or store-bought chicken stock; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. First thing to do is to steam the artichokes in a flavorful broth. Put the parsley, garlic, bay leaves, wine, and 1 of the halved lemons in a wide pot. Add 2 quarts of water and bring to a simmer. Season the broth with salt and pepper. While that's coming to a simmer, wash the artichokes under cold water. Then, using a paring knife, trim the bottom end of each stem and shave the stem down to expose the tender, light green flesh underneath. Snap or cut off the outer petals until you reach the soft, pale green leaves in the center. Slice off about 1 inch from the t <END>
INPUT: Mexican, quesadilla, virgin olive oil, butternut squash, Coarse salt pepper, pepper flakes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Seared Chicken with Squash Quesadilla | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1/2 butternut squash, peeled, halved, seeded, and sliced crosswise into 1/4-inch slices; Coarse salt and freshly ground pepper; Pinch crushed red pepper flakes; 4 boneless, skinless chicken breasts; 2 tablespoons plus 1/4 teaspoon minced garlic; 2 limes, 1 cut into 8 slices, 1 juiced; 1 teaspoon unsalted butter; 1 teaspoon olive oil, plus more as neeeded; 1/4 teaspoon ground cumin; 1 jalapeno pepper, sliced into rounds; 8 ounces goat cheese; 6 (12-inch) flour tortillas; 2 sprigs fresh cilantro | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Drizzle 1 1/2 tablespoons olive oil in the bottom of a 9 by 13-inch baking dish. Place the squash pieces on top. Season with salt and pepper, to taste, and a pinch of red pepper flakes. Roast in the oven until fork-tender, about 40 minutes. Remove from oven, and let cool. Meanwhile, prepare chicken: Season each breast with salt and pepper. Place 1/4 teaspoon garlic and 2 slices of lime under the tender of each breast. (The tender is the natural pocket on the underside of the breast.) In a large cast iron skillet over medium heat, melt butter and 1 teaspoon ol <END>
INPUT: American, flan, sugar, water, vanilla bean, eggs
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mango Flan on Chocolate | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 3 cups sugar; 1/2 cup water; 4 cups whole, 2 percent fat, or 1 percent fat milk; 1/2 vanilla bean, split lengthwise; 7 eggs; 2 egg yolks; 1/2 cup fresh mango puree (1 small mango, peeled, pitted, and pureed in a food processor); Chocolate brownie base, recipe follows; 6 tablespoons cold unsalted butter, cut into pieces; 1 cup sugar; 2 eggs; 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract; 3/4 cup all-purpose flour; 1/2 cup cocoa powder; 1/4 teaspoon baking powder | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 300 degrees. Pour 2 cups sugar into the center of a deep saucepan. Carefully pour the water around the sugar, trying not to splash any sugar onto the sides of the pan. Do not stir; gently draw your finger through the center of the sugar twice, making a cross, to moisten it. Over medium-high heat, bring to a boil without stirring. Reduce the heat to a fast simmer and cook without stirring until amber-caramel in color, 10 to 20 minutes. Immediately remove from the heat. Meanwhile, set 6 (1-cup ramekins or shallow coffee cups nearby. When the caramel is cooked, quickly pour ab <END>
INPUT: seafood, boil, mixed herbs, coarse salt, coriander seeds, fennel seeds
OUTPUT: TITLE: Seafood Boil with Lobsters and Mussels | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 sticks (12 tablespoons) unsalted butter, at room temperature; 1 3/4 cups mixed fresh herbs (such as basil, parsley, tarragon and chives); 1/3 cup coarse salt (preferably sea salt); 3 tablespoons coriander seeds; 2 tablespoons fennel seeds; 1 tablespoon black peppercorns; 4 bay leaves; 1 to 2 teaspoons red pepper flakes; 6 sprigs thyme; 2 large white onions, halved (do not peel); 6 stalks celery, cut into large pieces; 3 tomatoes, chopped; 2 lemons, halved; 4 heads garlic, halved crosswise (do not peel); 2 cups dry white wine | INSTRUCTIONS: Make the herb butter: Pulse the butter and herbs in a food processor until well combined. Form into a log on a sheet of parchment paper, wrap and refrigerate until firm, at least 30 minutes. Prepare the seafood boil: Combine the salt, coriander seeds, fennel seeds, peppercorns, bay leaves, red pepper flakes, thyme, onions, celery, tomatoes, lemons and garlic in a large deep pot; add 6 quarts water. Cover and bring to a boil; uncover and cook 10 minutes. Add the wine and potatoes and return to a simmer; cook until the potatoes are just tender, about 20 minutes. Add the corn and boil until tende <END>
INPUT: blown, eggs an egg, Straight pin tapestry, Wooden skewer, Drinking glass
OUTPUT: TITLE: Blown Eggs | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Extra-large white eggs in an egg carton; Straight pin or tapestry needle; Teaspoon (from your silverware, not for measuring); Wooden skewer; Drinking glass; Drinking straws; Block of Styrofoam | INSTRUCTIONS: Leave the eggs in the carton while you pierce them. Place the pin point-down against the top of the egg and lightly tap the pin head with the back of the spoon until it pierces the egg. Insert the wooden skewer into the egg and gently press it down until it pierces the bottom of the egg. Remove the egg from the carton, hold it over the glass, and push the skewer up and down through the contents several times to break the yolk. Remove the skewer and place a straw over the hole. Blow through the straw until the contents of the egg are emptied into the glass. Rinse blown eggs in warm water and dr <END>
INPUT: graveyard, cake, all purpose flour, unsweetened cocoa powder, baking soda, sea salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Milk Chocolate Graveyard Cake | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups all-purpose flour; 2/3 cup unsweetened cocoa powder; 1 1/2 teaspoons baking soda; 1/2 teaspoon sea salt; 2 sticks (1 cup) unsalted butter, softened; 1 cup packed dark brown sugar; 3/4 cup granulated sugar; 4 large eggs, at room temperature for 30 minutes; 1/3 cup semisweet chocolate, melted and cooled; 1 1/2 teaspoons vanilla; 1 1/2 cups well-shaken buttermilk (or 1 cup milk plus 1 tablespoon lemon juice); 5 sticks (2 1/2 cups) butter, cut into tablespoon pieces and softened; 1 teaspoon fine sea salt; 5 cups confectioners' sugar; 2 1/2 cups milk chocolate, melted and cooled | INSTRUCTIONS: Put a rack in the middle of the oven, and preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Butter 2 (9 by 2-inch) tephlon round cake pans. Line the bottom of each with a round of parchment or waxed paper, and then butter the paper. Sift the flour, cocoa, baking soda, and salt together onto waxed paper. Cream the butter, and sugars in a large bowl using an electric mixer at medium-high speed until light and fluffy, about 4 minutes in a standing mixer or 5 minutes with a handheld mixer. Add the room temperature eggs, 1 at a time, mixing until completely incorporated before adding additional eggs. Add the choc <END>
INPUT: soup, olive oil, garlic, day old bread, vegetable stock
OUTPUT: TITLE: Bread and Tomato Soup | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup olive oil; 3 garlic cloves, peeled and smashed; 6 cups day-old white bread, without crusts, torn into small pieces; 1 (28-ounce) can whole peeled tomatoes, pureed with their juice; 4 cups vegetable stock (or water); 3 to 4 basil leaves, torn into small pieces; Kosher salt to taste | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. Heat the oil in a large, deep saucepan over low heat. 2. Sauté the garlic until just fragrant, then add the bread, stirring until all the oil is absorbed and the bread is toasted. 3. Add the tomatoes, stock, basil, and salt. 4. Bring to a boil, then reduce heat. Simmer until the bread breaks down, about 20 minutes. Remove the garlic and serve. 1. Heat the oil in a large, deep saucepan over low heat. 2. Sauté the garlic until just fragrant, then add the bread, stirring until all the oil is absorbed and the bread is toasted. 3. Add the tomatoes, stock, basil, and salt. 4. Bring to a boil, the <END>
INPUT: broth, garlic, hot pepper flakes, virgin olive oil, wine, tomato sauce
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mussels with Tomato Broth | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 garlic cloves, finely chopped; 1/4 teaspoon dried hot red pepper flakes (optional); 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1 cup dry white wine; 1 cup tomato sauce; 4 pounds mussels (preferably cultivated), scrubbed and beards removed | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook garlic and red pepper flakes (if using) in oil in a 6- to 8-quart heavy pot over moderately low heat, stirring, until garlic is pale golden, 1 to 2 minutes. Add wine and boil over high heat 2 minutes. Add tomato sauce and mussels and cook over moderately high heat, covered, stirring occasionally, until mussels just open wide, 6 to 8 minutes. (Discard any mussels that are unopened after 8 minutes.) Serve immediately. Cook garlic and red pepper flakes (if using) in oil in a 6- to 8-quart heavy pot over moderately low heat, stirring, until garlic is pale golden, 1 to 2 minutes. Add wine and  <END>
INPUT: aioli, garnet yams other, virgin olive oil, grapeseed oil vegetable, garlic, saffron threads
OUTPUT: TITLE: Baked Yams With Saffron Aioli | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 garnet yams or other sweet potatoes (about 8 ounces each); 3/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 1/2 cup grapeseed oil or vegetable oil; 2 whole cloves garlic, plus 1/2 small clove, finely grated; Pinch of saffron threads, crushed; Kosher salt; 2 large egg yolks, at room temperature; Juice of 1/2 lemon; Chopped fresh parsley, for topping (optional) | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Prick each yam with a fork in a few spots and arrange on a baking sheet. Bake until soft, about 45 minutes. Meanwhile, heat the olive oil, grapeseed oil, whole garlic cloves and saffron in a small saucepan over medium-low heat until the garlic is soft, about 15 minutes. Remove from the heat and let cool completely. Remove the cooked garlic with a slotted spoon and transfer to a cutting board (reserve the infused oil). Using the flat side of a chef's knife, mash the garlic with a pinch of salt until smooth; set aside. Make the aioli: Put the egg yolks, lemon j <END>
INPUT: macaroons, semifreddo, egg whites, superfine granulated sugar, blanched almonds, hazelnuts, oranges
OUTPUT: TITLE: Hazelnut and Almond Macaroons with Orange Semifreddo | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 large egg whites; 3/4 cup superfine granulated sugar; 1/2 cup coarsely chopped blanched almonds (2 3/4 oz), toasted; 1/2 cup coarsely chopped hazelnuts (2 ounces), toasted; 9 oranges; 4 large egg yolks; 3/4 cup sugar; 2 tablespoons potato starch; 1 orange; 2/3 cup sugar; 2/3 cup dry white wine; 1/4 teaspoon fresh lemon juice; Special equipment: parchment paper, a large pastry bag fitted with a 1-inch plain tip, and an ice-cream maker | INSTRUCTIONS: Make macaroons: Preheat oven to 200°F. Line a large baking sheet with parchment paper. Draw or trace 12 (3-inch) circles 1 inch apart on parchment and turn paper over on baking sheet. Put egg whites in a metal bowl set over a pan of simmering water and gently whisk constantly until barely warm. Remove bowl from heat and beat whites with a pinch of salt with an electric mixer until they just hold soft peaks. Gradually add 1/2 cup superfine sugar, beating until whites just hold stiff, glossy peaks. Fold in remaining 1/4 cup sugar, then nuts. Transfer meringue to pastry bag and pipe 12 rounds of  <END>
INPUT: American, sandwich, eggplant, olive oil, Salt pepper, baguette, cilantro leaves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Eggplant Sandwich | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 whole eggplant; 1 teaspoon olive oil, plus more for brushing; Salt and pepper; 1 baguette; 1 bunch cilantro leaves; 2 red bell peppers; 2 green bell peppers; 2 tomatoes; 1 red onion; 1/4 cup feta cheese; 1/4 cup goat cheese; 2 tablespoons fresh chopped oregano leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Slice the eggplant into 15 pieces, brush with olive oil, place on cookie sheet, and sprinkle with salt. Bake for 25 minutes and let cool. Cut the baguette into 1/3's and slice in 1/2 for sandwiches. Slice green and red peppers, discarding stems and seeds. Slice the tomatoes and red onion and set aside. Mix goat and feta cheese together, set aside. In separate bowls place oregano, salt, pepper and olive oil. Spread goat and feta cheese mix on one side of baguette and brush other side lightly with olive oil. Spread 5 pieces of eggplant on baguette, generous amo <END>
INPUT: Mexican, avocado, filled, tilapia, Coarse salt, pepper, cumin, sweet paprika
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tilapia with Tomatillos and Avocado filled with Maque Choux | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/4 to 1 1/2 pounds tilapia, 4 fillets; Coarse salt; Ground pepper; 1 teaspoon ground cumin, eyeball it; 1/2 teaspoon sweet paprika, eyeball it; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, 2 turns of the pan; 1 lime, halved; 1/2 medium red onion, chopped; 1 jalapeno or serrano pepper, seeded and finely chopped; 2 or 3 large cloves garlic, finely chopped; 8 to 10 tomatillos, husks peeled and diced; 1/2 bottled pale beer; 2 tablespoons chopped cilantro leaves, a palmful, plus a few sprigs for garnish; 1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil, 1 turn of the pan; 1/2 red onion, chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: Season fish with salt, pepper, cumin, paprika. Heat a nonstick skillet over medium high heat. Add 1 tablespoon oil, 1 turn of the pan. Heat an ovenproof serving plate in a warm oven. Saute fish 3 minutes on each side or until opaque. Squeeze the juice of 1/2 lime over the fish and carefully slide the fillets onto warm platter. Cover the fish to keep it warm. Return pan to heat and add remaining tablespoon of oil, 1 turn of the pan. Over medium high heat, quickly saute the red onion, jalapeno and the garlic. Saute a minute or so, add the diced tomatillos with seeds and juices. Season mixture wi <END>
INPUT: Italian, risotto, vegetable broth, wine, mixed wild mushrooms, thyme
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mixed Wild Mushroom Risotto | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 3 cups canned vegetable broth; 1 cup dry white wine; 2 tablespoons (1/4 stick) butter; 8 to 10 ounces sliced fresh mixed wild mushrooms (such as stemmed shiitake, crimini and oyster); 2 tablespoons chopped fresh thyme or 2 teaspoons dried; 1 cup arborio or medium-grain white rice; 1/4 cup grated Parmesan cheese | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring broth and wine to simmer in heavy small saucepan. Cover pan; keep warm. Melt butter in heavy medium saucepan over medium-high heat. Add mushrooms and 1 tablespoon thyme. Saut) until mushrooms soften, about 3 minutes. Mix in rice. Add all but 1/4 cup of broth mixture. Reduce heat to medium. Simmer uncovered until rice is almost tender, stirring occasionally, about 18 minutes. Add remaining broth; simmer until rice is tender and risotto is creamy, stirring occasionally, about 5 minutes. Mix in cheese and 1 tablespoon thyme. Season with salt and pepper. Bring broth and wine to simmer in hea <END>
INPUT: dark beer, soy sauce, Dijon mustard, firmly dark sugar, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Beer Ribs | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/3 cup dark beer; 1/3 cup soy sauce; 1/3 cup Dijon mustard; 1/4 cup firmly packed dark brown sugar; 1 onion, minced; 1 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce; 2 pounds lean pork spareribs, trimmed of excess fat and halved crosswise by butcher | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large bowl combine well all the ingredients except the spareribs. In a kettle cover the spareribs with salted water. Bring them to a boil and simmer, skimming the froth, for 20 minutes. Drain and rinse briefly under cold water. Cut the ribs into 1-rib sections and add to the bowl of marinade, stirring to coat well. Let the ribs marinate, covered, at room temperature, stirring occasionally, for 2 hours. Alternatively, chill them covered, overnight. Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Arrange the ribs meaty side up in 1 layer in lightly oiled baking pans and brush with some marinade. Bake them in  <END>
INPUT: Asian, rolls, shrimp, iceberg lettuce, coconut, unpeeled English hothouse, lime juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Shrimp and Coconut Rolls | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 10 ounces peeled cooked shrimp, cut into 1/4- to 1/3-inch pieces; 2 1/2 cups thinly sliced iceberg lettuce (about 1/4 large head); 1 1/4 cups finely grated peeled fresh coconut; 1/2 unpeeled English hothouse cucumber, seeded, cut into 1/4-inch cubes (1 cup); 1 tablespoon plus 1/2 cup fresh lime juice; 6 teaspoons fish sauce (such as nam pla or nuoc nam),* divided; 4 1/2 teaspoons sugar, divided; 3 teaspoons minced seeded red or green serrano chiles, divided; 2 tablespoons finely chopped green onion; 2 teaspoons chopped fresh mint leaves; 15 8- to 9-inch-diameter rice paper rounds (spring roll wrappers)** | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine shrimp, lettuce, coconut, cucumber, 1 tablespoon lime juice, 4 teaspoons fish sauce, 1/2 teaspoon sugar, 2 teaspoons chiles, green onion, and mint in large bowl. Moisten kitchen towel. Squeeze out excess moisture and lay towel flat on work surface. Fill large bowl with warm water. Submerge 1 wrapper in water until beginning to soften, about 20 seconds. Place on damp towel. Place 1/4 cup shrimp mixture in 3-inch long strip down center of wrapper. Fold in sides of wrapper over filling, then roll up tightly, enclosing filling. Repeat with remaining wrappers and filling. DO AHEAD: Can be m <END>
INPUT: gabriella, onions, Needles from rosemary, sage leaves, virgin olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken Gabriella | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 (3 1/2-to 4-pound) chicken, skinned and cut into small (about 3-inch) pieces, with bone, thighs, and wings left whole (ask your butcher to do this f; 2 onions, chopped; Needles from 4 sprigs fresh rosemary (about 1/4 cup), finely chopped; 5 fresh sage leaves, finely chopped; About 1.4 cup extra-virgin olive oil; Salt and freshly ground pepper; 1 cup dry white wine, such as Pinot Grigio; 1 lemon | INSTRUCTIONS: Put the chicken pieces in a 12-inch skillet (preferably nonstick) with a lid, along with the chopped onions, rosemary, and sage. Stir well to coat the chicken with the onion and herbs. Add enough olive oil to coat all of the chicken pieces, but not so much that it pools in the skillet. Sprinkle with 3/4 teaspoon salt and 1/4 teaspoon pepper. Set the skillet over medium heat. Cook until the onions are very soft and the chicken and onions have turned golden brown, about 20 minutes. If the onion begins to brown too fast, turn down the heat. Add the wine and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat, cover <END>
INPUT: soup, cauliflower, potato, onion, butter, olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cauliflower and Sorrel Soup | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 large head cauliflower, stem discarded, florets chopped; 1 medium potato, peeled and chopped; 1/2 onion, chopped; 1 tablespoon butter; 1 tablespoon olive oil; 4 cups light chicken stock; 2 cups whole milk; 1/2 cup heavy cream; 6 large sorrel leaves, stems trimmed, then shredded; 2 tablespoons caviar (optional); Sea salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Place the cauliflower florets, potato, and onion in a saucepan with the butter and oil. Heat gently and, when the contents start to sizzle, cover with a lid and sweat everything over a low heat for about 10 minutes. The vegetables should not be at all colored. Add the stock and bring to a boil, then pour in the milk and return gently to a boil. (This way, there will be no scum forming in the milk.) Season to taste, then simmer, uncovered, for 10-15 minutes when the vegetables should be soft. Pour in half the cream, then puree in a food processor or blender, or blend in the pan with an immersio <END>
INPUT: Asian, salad, reduced sodium soy, sugar, Chinese five spice, Kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken and Green Papaya Salad | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 4 small skinless, boneless chicken breasts (about 1 pound total); 1 tablespoon reduced-sodium soy sauce; 1 teaspoon sugar; 1/4 teaspoon Chinese five-spice powder; Kosher salt, freshly ground pepper; Vegetable oil (for grilling); 2 garlic cloves, finely chopped; 2 tablespoons fresh lime juice; 2 teaspoons sugar; 1 teaspoon fish sauce; 1/2 large green papaya and/or 2 green mangoes, julienned; 1/2 medium cucumber, peeled, julienned; 1 small daikon (Japanese white radish), peeled, julienned; 1 medium carrot, peeled, julienned; 6 scallions, julienned | INSTRUCTIONS: Chicken: Rub chicken with soy sauce, sugar, and five-spice powder; season with salt and pepper. Let sit at least 1 hour. Prepare grill for medium-high heat and oil grate. Grill chicken, turning often and being careful not to char, until cooked through, 5–8 minutes total. Let cool, then shred. DO AHEAD: Chicken can be seasoned 1 day ahead of grilling; cover and chill. Chicken can be cooked 1 day ahead; cover and chill. Rub chicken with soy sauce, sugar, and five-spice powder; season with salt and pepper. Let sit at least 1 hour. Prepare grill for medium-high heat and oil grate. Grill chicken, t <END>
INPUT: soup, vegetable broth, avocados, lime juice, cayenne pepper, whipping cream
OUTPUT: TITLE: Avocado Soup with Ancho Cream | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 1/2 cups vegetable broth, divided; 2 large ripe avocados (about 1 1/2 pounds), halved, pitted, peeled; 2 tablespoons fresh lime juice; 1/4 teaspoon cayenne pepper; 1/4 cup whipping cream; 1 large dried ancho chile*; 1/4 cup whipping cream | INSTRUCTIONS: For soup: Combine 1 cup vegetable broth and next 3 ingredients in processor; blend until smooth. Add remaining 1 1/2 cups broth and blend. Transfer to large bowl. Stir in cream. Cover and refrigerate at least 1 hour and up to 1 day. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Combine 1 cup vegetable broth and next 3 ingredients in processor; blend until smooth. Add remaining 1 1/2 cups broth and blend. Transfer to large bowl. Stir in cream. Cover and refrigerate at least 1 hour and up to 1 day. Season to taste with salt and pepper. For ancho cream: Stem chile, halve, and remove seeds. Heat small ski <END>
INPUT: butter, onions, garlic, baby bella mushrooms
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mushroom Crepes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Nonstick cooking spray, for spraying baking dish; 3 tablespoons butter; 1/4 cup chopped white onions; 3 cloves garlic, chopped; 2 cups chopped baby bella mushrooms; 2 cup chopped cremini mushrooms; 2 cups chopped oyster mushrooms; 2 teaspoons minced fresh thyme; 1 teaspoon minced fresh rosemary; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 6 store-bought crepes; One 14-ounce can cream of mushroom soup, preferably organic; 1/2 cup shredded mozzarella | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Spray an oven-safe baking dish with nonstick cooking spray Heat the butter in a large heavy saute pan on medium-high heat. Add the onions and garlic and cook until fragrant, about 2 minutes. Add the baby bella, cremini and oyster mushrooms with the thyme and rosemary, and cook until the mushrooms are soft, about 4 minutes. Season with salt and pepper. Divide the mushroom mixture evenly among the crepes. Roll each crepe up like a burrito. Transfer the crepes to the prepared baking dish. Top with some mushroom soup, enough to cover each crepe. Cover with foil a <END>
INPUT: American, herbed, spread, soft goat cheese, milk, cumin seeds, dill weed, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Herbed Goat Cheese Spread with Mint | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 12 ounces soft fresh goat cheese, crumbled (about 21/2 cups), room temperature; 2 tablespoons whole milk; 2 teaspoons whole cumin seeds; 1 teaspoon dried dill weed; 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 2 garlic cloves, pressed; 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 20 mint leaves, thinly sliced; 32 (or more) seeded crackers | INSTRUCTIONS: Mix first 6 ingredients in small bowl until almost smooth. Cover; chill. DO AHEAD: Can be made 1 day ahead. Keep chilled. Transfer goat cheese spread to shallow bowl. Drizzle oil over. Sprinkle mint leaves over and serve with crackers. Mix first 6 ingredients in small bowl until almost smooth. Cover; chill. DO AHEAD: Can be made 1 day ahead. Keep chilled. Transfer goat cheese spread to shallow bowl. Drizzle oil over. Sprinkle mint leaves over and serve with crackers. <END>
INPUT: American, custard, all purpose flour, salt, ice water, eggs
OUTPUT: TITLE: Coconut Custard Pie | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups all-purpose flour; 1 teaspoon salt; 1 1/2 sticks (3/4 cup) plus 3 tablespoons cold unsalted butter; 4 to 6 tablespoons ice water; 5 large eggs; 3/4 cup plus 2 tablespoons sugar; 2 cups whole milk; 1/2 cup half-and-half; 1 teaspoon vanilla; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 1 cup sweetened flaked coconut; 1/2 cup fresh coconut shavings (cut with a vegetable peeler from a shelled coconut) or sweetened flaked coconut; 1 cup chilled heavy cream; 2 tablespoons sugar; 1/2 teaspoon vanilla | INSTRUCTIONS: Make pie shell: Whisk together flour and salt in a large bowl. Cut 6 tablespoons butter into 1/2-inch cubes, then blend into flour with your fingertips or a pastry blender until mixture resembles coarse meal. Cut another 6 tablespoons butter into 1/2-inch cubes, then blend into flour in same manner until mixture has small (roughly pea-size) butter lumps. Drizzle evenly with 4 tablespoons ice water and gently stir with a fork until incorporated. Squeeze a small handful: If it doesn't hold together, add more ice water, 1/2 tablespoon at a time, stirring until just incorporated, then test again.  <END>
INPUT: American, sundae, each vanilla, Berry Sauce, Chocolate Fudge Sauce, Marshmallow Sauce
OUTPUT: TITLE: The Ultimate Brownie Sundae | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 6 (6- by 1 1/2 -inch) strips of the Ultimate Brownie; 1 pint each of vanilla, chocolate, and coffee ice cream; Red Berry Sauce; Warm Chocolate Fudge Sauce; Marshmallow Sauce; Special equipment: A small (1 3/4- to 1 1/2-inch-wide) ice cream scoop (optional) | INSTRUCTIONS: Put brownie strips on each of 6 plates and top with small scoops (or curls) of vanilla, chocolate, and coffee ice cream, arranged side by side. Spoon your sauce of choice over each scoop of ice cream. Put brownie strips on each of 6 plates and top with small scoops (or curls) of vanilla, chocolate, and coffee ice cream, arranged side by side. Spoon your sauce of choice over each scoop of ice cream. <END>
INPUT: spritz, cookies, almond paste, confectioners' sugar, eggs, cake flour
OUTPUT: TITLE: Almond Butter Spritz Cookies | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 pound almond paste; 1 1/4 cups confectioners' sugar; 1/2 cup eggs (2 large eggs and 1 yolk, usually); 1/2 pound (2 sticks) unsalted butter, softened; 3 cups cake flour | INSTRUCTIONS: Line two or three cookie sheets or jelly roll pans with parchment paper or foil. Set racks on the top and lower thirds of the oven and preheat to 325 degrees F. In a bowl, soften the almond paste with the sugar and half of the eggs. Beat in the butter gradually, then gradually add the remaining eggs. Cream all of the ingredients until light. Add the flour all at once and mix until all the elements adhere. Do not over mix. Pipe 1/2 inch shapes onto the prepared pans with a 1/2 inch star tube (Ateco 4). Bake for about 15 minutes. Cool on the pans <END>
INPUT: slow, salad, unseasoned rice vinegar, sugar, caraway seeds, kosher salt, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Slow-Roasted Char with Fennel Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup unseasoned rice vinegar; 1 tablespoon sugar; 1 teaspoon caraway seeds; 2 teaspoons kosher salt, plus more; 6 garlic cloves, thinly sliced; 1 small fennel bulb, thinly sliced on a mandoline, divided; 1 1/4 pounds arctic char or salmon fillet; 4 tablespoons olive oil, divided; Freshly ground black pepper; 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice; 1 tablespoon chopped preserved lemon peel; 1/2 cup dill fronds | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 300°F. Bring vinegar, sugar, caraway seeds, 2 tsp. salt, and 1/3 cup water in a small saucepan to a simmer over medium heat, stirring to dissolve sugar. Remove from heat and add garlic. Let sit until garlic is slightly softened, 10–15 minutes. Add half of fennel and toss to coat. Let sit until fennel softens slightly and tastes pickled, 8–10 minutes. Meanwhile, place char in a 2- or 3-qt. baking dish and coat with 1 Tbsp. oil; season with salt and pepper. Roast until flesh easily flakes apart and a paring knife inserted into fish meets no resistance, 15–18 minutes. Drain fennel <END>
INPUT: onion, celery, chicken broth, Mexican style stewed
OUTPUT: TITLE: Turkey Chili | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons (1/4 stick) butter; 1 cup chopped red onion; 2 large celery stalks, chopped; 1 14 1/2-ounce can chicken broth; 1 14 1/2-ounce can Mexican-style stewed tomatoes; 1 cup water; 1 8-ounce can tomato sauce; 1/2 cup packaged chili seasoning mix with masa flour; 1 15- to 16-ounce can kidney beans, drained; 1 12-ounce can whole kernel corn, drained; 4 cups diced cooked turkey | INSTRUCTIONS: Melt butter in heavy large saucepan over medium heat. Add onion and celery and sauté until vegetables begin to soften, about 5 minutes. Add chicken broth, tomatoes, water, tomato sauce, chili seasoning mix with masa flour and 1/4 to 1/2 teaspoon of red chili pepper or cayenne pepper packet. Stir until well blended. Mix in beans and corn. Bring mixture just to boil. Reduce heat to medium-low and simmer chili until thickened, stirring frequently, about 30 minutes. Add turkey and simmer until heated through, about 3 minutes. Season with salt, pepper and additional red chili pepper, if desired. Me <END>
INPUT: cheesy, greens, eggs, Kosher salt, grits, bacon, Fresno other chile
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cheesy Grits With Poached Eggs, Greens, and Bacon | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 large eggs, room temperature; Kosher salt; 1 cup white grits (not instant); 4 ounces bacon, coarsely chopped; 1 Fresno or other red chile, thinly sliced into rings; 1 tablespoon Sherry vinegar or red wine vinegar; 1 large shallot, finely chopped; 8 cups torn Swiss chard leaves (from 1 large bunch); Freshly ground black pepper; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 6 ounces cheddar, coarsely grated | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring 4 1/2 cups water to a gentle simmer in a medium saucepan. Crack an egg into a small bowl, then gently slide egg into water. Repeat with remaining eggs, waiting until whites are opaque before adding the next one (about 30 seconds apart). Poach until whites are set but yolks are still runny, about 3 minutes. Using a slotted spoon, transfer eggs to paper towels as they are done; set aside. Fish out any wispy pieces of cooked egg with slotted spoon; discard. Bring same saucepan of water to a boil and add a couple pinches of salt. Whisking constantly, gradually add grits. Reduce heat to low,  <END>
INPUT: deep, japanese, peanut oil, salmon fillet, Dijon mustard, eggs, Panko bread crumbs
OUTPUT: TITLE: Deep-Fried Salmon Fillet with Mustard and Japanese Bread Crumbs | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 cups peanut oil; 1 pound raw salmon fillet (not from salmon steak); 1/2 cup Dijon mustard; 2 eggs, lightly beaten; 2 cups Panko bread crumbs, spread out on a platter; Salt and pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat peanut oil to 365 degrees. Cut salmon into 16 pieces. Coat salmon with Dijon mustard, dip in beaten eggs and coat with the bread crumbs. Deep fry in hot oil until crisp and golden brown.; <END>
INPUT: turkey breast half, chicken stock low, onion, wine vinegar, olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Turkey en Escabèche | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1 3/4-pound turkey breast half on bone, skinned; 1 cup chicken stock or canned low-salt broth; 1 large red onion, halved, thinly sliced; 1/3 cup plus 3 tablespoons white wine vinegar; 2 tablespoon olive oil; 6 whole black peppercorns; 4 whole allspice berries; 2 bay leaves; 1 fresh rosemary sprig or 1/4 teaspoon dried, crumbled; 1 fresh thyme sprig, or 1/4 teaspoon dried, crumbled; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1 red bell pepper, halved, thinly sliced | INSTRUCTIONS: Place turkey in deep skillet. Add stock, half of onion, 1/3 cup vinegar, oil, peppercorns, allspice, bay leaves, rosemary, thyme and 1/2 teaspoon salt; bring to simmer. Cover and cook 20 minutes. Turn turkey, cover and continue simmering until cooked through, about 20 minutes. Transfer turkey, onion and herbs to large bowl. Add bell pepper and remaining onion. Pour hot cooking liquid over. Cover and chill overnight. Remove turkey from liquid (if liquid has gelled, place over very low heat just until liquefied, but do not warm). Cut turkey from bones. Thinly slice meat. Arrange on platter. Add  <END>
INPUT: Italian, bruschetta, ricotta cheese, orange marmalade
OUTPUT: TITLE: Bruschetta with Ricotta and Marmalade | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 12 slices (1/2-inch-thick) ciabatta or other rustic white bread; 15 ounces ricotta cheese; 3/4 cup orange marmalade | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Heat a grill pan over medium-high heat. Grill the bread until golden brown, about 4 minutes per side. Spread 2 tablespoons of ricotta over each piece of toast. Spoon 1 tablespoon of marmalade over the ricotta, and serve. <END>
INPUT: medley, sugar snap peas, snow peas, Salt, petite peas, unsalted butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pea Medley with Mint and Lemon | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 pound fresh sugar snap peas, trimmed; 1/2 pound fresh snow peas, trimmed; Salt; 1 1/2 cups frozen petite peas; 4 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1/2 cup thinly fresh mint leaves; 1 tablespoon freshly grated lemon rind | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring a large pot of water to a rapid boil. Blanch the sugar snap peas and the snow peas until barely tender in the salted boiling water, about 30 seconds. Add the frozen petite peas and continue to cook for another minute. Drain and immediately transfer to a large bowl containing the butter, mint, and lemon rind. Toss to coat until butter is completely melted. Serve immediately.; <END>
INPUT: onions, olive oil, balsamic vinegar, sour cream, herb flavored cheese
OUTPUT: TITLE: Onion Dip | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 large white onions, julienne; 1/2 cup olive oil; 1/2 cup balsamic vinegar; 3 pounds sour cream; 5 ounces herb flavored cheese (recommended: Boursin); 1/2 cup chopped chives; 1 lemon, juiced; Salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: In a thick bottomed pan over medium-low heat caramelize the onions with the olive oil, stirring often (saute for a long period of time to release the natural sugars). This will take about 15 to 20 minutes so be patient. Use small amount of water to help release the sugars that will stick to the bottom of the pan. Add all other ingredients and bring up to a warm temperature*. Remove from the stove and puree with a hand blender or food processor. Season with salt and pepper. *When blending hot liquids: Remove liquid from the heat and allow to cool for at least 5 minutes. Transfer liquid to a ble <END>
INPUT: plain Greek style, cucumbers, Salt, lemon juice, olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lamb Rack with Cucumber Yogurt | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cups plain Greek-style yogurt; 2 cucumbers; Salt; 2 teaspoons lemon juice; 1 tablespoon olive oil; 1/2 clove garlic; 1 1/2 tablespoons chopped dill; 1 tablespoon canola oil; 1 lamb rack (about 2 1/4 pounds), frenched and tied; Salt; 2 tablespoons butter; 5 sprigs thyme; 1 clove garlic, crushed but kept whole | INSTRUCTIONS: Cucumber Yogurt Line a colander with a quadruple layer of cheesecloth and pour the yogurt into the cheesecloth. suspend over a large bowl and refrigerate for 48 hours, allowing the moisture to drain from the yogurt. Peel and grate the cucumbers on a box grater. season with 1 teaspoon of salt and hang in a quadruple layer of cheese-cloth to drain excess moisture, about 1 hour. Measure 1 cup of the drained yogurt and reserve the rest for another use. Combine the cup of yogurt and the drained cucumbers in a medium bowl. stir in the lemon juice and olive oil. Grate the garlic on a Microplane grate <END>
INPUT: salad, corn, onion, cider vinegar, good olive oil, kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fresh Corn Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 5 ears of corn, shucked; 1/2 cup small-diced red onion (1 small onion); 3 tablespoons cider vinegar; 3 tablespoons good olive oil; 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt; 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 1/2 cup julienned fresh basil leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. In a large pot of boiling salted water, cook the corn for 3 minutes until the starchiness is just gone. Drain and immerse it in ice water to stop the cooking and to set the color. When the corn is cool, cut the kernels off the cob, cutting close to the cob. Toss the kernels in a large bowl with the red onions, vinegar, olive oil, salt, and pepper. Just before serving, toss in the fresh basil. Taste for seasonings and serve cold or at room temperature. <END>
INPUT: Italian, soup, supper, Italian sausage, onions, fennel bulbs, garlic, fennel seed
OUTPUT: TITLE: Italian Sausage Soup Supper and Pasta Morph | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound Italian sausage; 2 medium onions, peeled and cut into chunks; 2 small fennel bulbs, fennel fronds removed, cored, and thinly sliced; 2 cloves garlic, minced; 1/4 teaspoon fennel seed; 4 cups low sodium chicken broth; 1 (14-ounce) can Italian plum tomatoes and their juice; 1 cup uncooked small pasta such as tubetinni; 1 (14-ounce) can canellinni beans, drained and rinsed; 1/2 cup loosely packed, roughly chopped Italian parsley leaves; Coarse ground salt and cracked pepper; Pasta Morph, recipe follows; 1 pound pasta, cooked to al dente, reserve 1 cup cooking water; Reserved sausage, onion, and fennel mixture; Salt and coarsely ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Remove the sausage from the casing. Place in a large soup pot or Dutch oven. Turn heat to medium, cook, stirring constantly until browned, about 5 to 7 minutes. Drain on paper towels to remove excess fat. Add onions, fennel, garlic and fennel seeds, toss to combine. Cover and cook, stirring every few minutes until fennel and onions begin to soften, about 12 to 15 minutes. At this point remove 1/2 of the mixture and reserve it for the Pasta Morph. Add chicken broth and tomatoes to the remaining sausage/fennel mixture. Break tomatoes apart with spoon. Bring to a boil, add pasta. Bring back to bo <END>
INPUT: steaks, tomatoes, vegetable oil, olives, capers, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Flatiron Steaks with Tomatoes and Tapenade | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/3 cup (or more) olive oil; 1/4 cup vegetable oil; 1 cup pitted olives (such as Niçoise or Kalamata), chopped; 1 tablespoon minced capers; 1 garlic clove, minced; 1 anchovy fillet packed in oil, drained, minced (optional); 2 pounds flatiron, flank, hanger, or skirt steak; Kosher salt; Zest and juice of 1 orange; 1/4 cup thinly sliced shallots; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh oregano; 2 tablespoons minced garlic; 2 tablespoons smoked paprika; 2 tablespoons vegetable oil; 1 tablespoon crushed red pepper flakes | INSTRUCTIONS: For tapenade: Stir 1/3 cup olive oil, next 4 ingredients, and anchovy, if using, in a small bowl. Add more olive oil for a thinner tapenade, if desired. (For a smoother sauce, purée tapenade in a food processor or blender.) Set aside. Stir 1/3 cup olive oil, next 4 ingredients, and anchovy, if using, in a small bowl. Add more olive oil for a thinner tapenade, if desired. (For a smoother sauce, purée tapenade in a food processor or blender.) Set aside. For steak: Place steak in a large baking dish and season generously with salt. Stir orange zest and juice and remaining 6 ingredients in a small <END>
INPUT: salad, skinned boiling potatoes, cider vinegar, onions, plain yogurt, mayonnaise
OUTPUT: TITLE: New Potato, Kielbasa and Gruyère Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 3/4 pounds medium white-skinned boiling potatoes (about 6); 2 tablespoons cider vinegar; 4 green onions, chopped; 4 tablespoons plain yogurt; 4 tablespoons mayonnaise; 4 teaspoons prepared white horseradish; 1 teaspoon caraway seeds; 1/2 pound kielbasa sausage, sliced into rounds; 5 ounces Gruyáre cheese, diced; Salt and freshly ground pepper; Curly endive | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook potatoes in large saucepan of boiling water until tender, about 20 minutes. Drain and cool slightly. Peel and slice potatoes. Transfer to large bowl. Gently mix in vinegar and green onions, using rubber spatula. Cool. Combine yogurt, mayonnaise, horseradish and caraway. Mix into potatoes. Add kielbasa and cheese. Season with salt and pepper. Line plates with endive. Spoon salad atop. Cook potatoes in large saucepan of boiling water until tender, about 20 minutes. Drain and cool slightly. Peel and slice potatoes. Transfer to large bowl. Gently mix in vinegar and green onions, using rubber  <END>
INPUT: serrano, wrapped, New Mexico chiles, boiling hot water, onion, garlic, olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Serrano-Ham-Wrapped Yellowfin Tuna with Romesco Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 dried New Mexico chiles; 2 cups boiling-hot water; 1 large red onion, halved and thinly sliced; 3 garlic cloves, peeled; 1 tablespoon olive oil; 1/3 cup almonds with skins (raw; about 2 oz); 1 cup bread cubes (1/2 inch) from a 10-inch Italian or French loaf; 4 bottled piquillo peppers; 1 teaspoon paprika; 1/4 cup red-wine or Sherry vinegar; 1/2 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 1/8 teaspoon salt; 8 (1-inch-thick) rectangular pieces center-cut sushi-grade yellowfin tuna (1/4 lb); 1/4 teaspoon salt; 1/4 teaspoon black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Start romesco sauce: Cover chiles with boiling-hot water and soak until softened, about 30 minutes. Put oven rack in middle position and preheat oven to 400°F. While chiles soak, toss onion and garlic with 1 tablespoon olive oil in a shallow baking pan, then spread out evenly and roast until golden, 15 to 20 minutes. Stir in almonds and bread cubes and roast until almonds are golden, about 10 minutes. Cool in pan on a rack. Cover chiles with boiling-hot water and soak until softened, about 30 minutes. Put oven rack in middle position and preheat oven to 400°F. While chiles soak, toss onion and <END>
INPUT: paella, links hot sweet, bell pepper, onion, olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Italian Sausage and Bell Pepper Paella | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 links hot and/or sweet Italian sausage (about 6 ounces total); 1/2 red bell pepper, cut into 1/2-inch-wide strips; 1/2 green bell pepper, cut into 1/2-inch-wide strips; 1 small onion, cut into 1/2-inch wedges; 1/2 tablespoon olive oil; 3/4 cup Arborio or other medium-grain rice or converted rice; 1/2 cup dry white wine; 1 cup drained canned tomatoes, chopped coarse; 1 1/2 cups water | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 400°F. Squeeze sausage meat from casings into a 10-inch heavy ovenproof skillet and add bell peppers, onion, and oil. Cook mixture over moderately high heat, breaking up sausage with a fork and stirring occasionally, 5 minutes, or until vegetables begin to brown. Add rice and sauté, stirring, 1 minute. Stir in wine, tomatoes, and water and bring to a boil, stirring to loosen brown bits. Transfer skillet to oven and bake, uncovered, 25 minutes, or until most liquid is absorbed. Season with salt and pepper. Preheat oven to 400°F. Squeeze sausage meat from casings into a 10-inch h <END>
INPUT: kosher salt, sugar, water, butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Shrimp with Vinegar Cream | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/3 cup kosher salt; 1/3 cup brown sugar; 1 quart cold water; 1 pound large (16/20 size) white shrimp; 3 tablespoons butter; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1/4 cup minced shallots or green onion; 1/2 cup fruit vinegar, such as pear; 1 cup rich chicken stock; 1/3 cup heavy cream or creme fraiche; 1/4 cup diced fresh fruit such as pears (or whatever the vinegar is made of), optional; 2 teaspoons finely chopped fresh herbs, of your choice; Salt and freshly ground pepper; Garnish: Fresh chervil or tarragon sprigs | INSTRUCTIONS: Stir the brine ingredients together until salt and sugar are dissolved. Peel and devein the shrimp (reserving the shells) and place in brine for 1 to 2 hours refrigerated. Drain, rinse and set aside. In a heavy saute pan heat 2 tablespoons of the butter and 1 tablespoon of oil over moderately high heat. Coarsely chop the reserved shells and add to the pan along with the shallots and stir until lightly colored. Add the vinegar and stock and reduce over high heat until sauce thickens slightly, about 4 minutes. Strain, pressing down on the solids and return to pan with the cream. Reduce again to  <END>
INPUT: spritzer, grenadine, seltzer soda
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cranberry Bourbon Spritzer | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 ounces (1 jigger) bourbon; 1 1/2 ounces (1 jigger) cranberry juice; 2 teaspoons grenadine; 1 ounce (1 pony) strained fresh orange juice; Chilled seltzer or club soda; 1 orange slice for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: In a tall glass combine the bourbon, the cranberry juice, the grenadine, the orange juice, and 4 ice cubes. Fill the glass with the seltzer and stir the drink. Garnish it with the orange slice. In a tall glass combine the bourbon, the cranberry juice, the grenadine, the orange juice, and 4 ice cubes. Fill the glass with the seltzer and stir the drink. Garnish it with the orange slice. <END>
INPUT: dome, caramel, heavy cream, milk, sugar, egg yolks, milk chocolate
OUTPUT: TITLE: Milk Chocolate Dome with Caramel Cream, Fleur de Sel And Pistachio Crunch Ice Cream | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 16 ounces heavy cream, plus 4 1/2 ounces cream; 4 1/2 ounces milk; .75 ounce sugar; 3 egg yolks; 16 ounces milk chocolate; 1/2 pound sugar; 4 ounces water; 1 quart cream; 1 vanilla bean split and scraped; Chocolate Biscuit, recipe follows; Chocolate Sable, recipe follows; Chocolate Glaze, recipe follows; Pistachio Nougatine, recipe follows; Vanilla Ice Cream, recipe follows; Chocolate disk, recipe follows | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Mousse: Whip the 16 ounces heavy cream to soft peaks. Bring the milk and remaining 4 1/2 ounces of cream to a boil. Beat the sugar and egg yolks until smooth. While whisking egg yolk mixture, add a small ladle of the hot cream and whisk well to temper. Add the yolk mixture to the cream mixture and cook over low heat, while whisking, until thick enough to coat the back of a spoon. Remove from the heat. Strain and pour over the chocolate. Mix to incorporate. Gently fold in the whipped cream. Caramel Cream: Combine the sugar and water in a saucepan. Cook over medium <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, compote, virgin olive oil, onion, garlic, jalapeno, celery
OUTPUT: TITLE: Broiled Bluefish with Tomato, Olive, and Caper Compote | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1 small yellow onion, finely chopped; 7 cloves garlic, minced; 1/2 to 1 jalapeno, seeded and finely chopped; 1/4 cup finely chopped celery (with leaves); 1 pound vine ripened plum or round tomatoes, halved, seeds squeezed out, and diced; 1/2 cup kalamata olives, pitted and roughly chopped; 2 tablespoons capers; Freshly ground black pepper; 2 tablespoons freshly squeezed lemon juice; 2 tablespoons chopped flat-leaf parsley leaves; Four 8-ounce center-cut bluefish fillets, skin-on; 2 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Make the compote. Heat the olive oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Add the onion, garlic, jalapeno, and celery, season with pepper, and cook, stirring, until soft and fragrant, about 4 minutes. Add the tomatoes, olives, and capers and cook, stirring, until hot, about 2 minutes more. Remove from the heat and stir in the lemon juice and parsley. Set aside covered with foil to keep warm. Place a rack 5 inches from the broiler element and preheat. Prepare the fish. Using a sharp knife, slash the bluefish skin to form cross-hatch marks. Transfer the fillets to a foil-lined baking sheet  <END>
INPUT: Indian, vegetable oil, shallots, Thai curry paste, unsweetened coconut milk, fish sauce
OUTPUT: TITLE: Thai Green Chicken Curry | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon vegetable oil; 3/4 cup sliced shallots (about 5 large); 1 3/4 teaspoons Thai green curry paste*; 1 14-ounce can unsweetened coconut milk*; 2 teaspoons fish sauce (such as nam pla or nuoc nam)*; 1 pound skinless boneless chicken breast halves, cut into thin strips; 1 large red bell pepper, cut into strips; 1/4 cup chopped fresh basil plus sprigs for garnish; 2 tablespoons fresh lime juice plus wedges for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat oil in large saucepan over medium heat. Add shallots and curry paste; stir until shallots soften, about 2 minutes. Add coconut milk and fish sauce; bring to boil. Add chicken and bell pepper; stir until chicken is just cooked through. Stir in chopped basil and lime juice. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Divide curry among bowls. Garnish with basil sprigs and lime wedges. Heat oil in large saucepan over medium heat. Add shallots and curry paste; stir until shallots soften, about 2 minutes. Add coconut milk and fish sauce; bring to boil. Add chicken and bell pepper; stir until chicken <END>
INPUT: American, kiawe, salad oil, lemongrass, ginger, garlic, lime juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Kiawe-Grilled Flank Steak and Spicy Green Papaya Salad | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 ounces salad oil; 2 tablespoons lemongrass, minced (lower part of inner stem); 1 1/2 teaspoons fresh grated ginger; 1 tablespoons minced garlic; 2 tablespoons fresh squeezed lime juice; 2 teaspoons patis (fish sauce); 4 tablespoons sweet chili sauce; 1 Hawaiian or Thai chile pepper, finely minced; 2 tablespoons soy sauce; 2 teaspoons sambal (chili paste); 8 ounces flank steak; 1 green papaya, skinned, seeded and julienned; 1 Maui onion, julienned; 1 red bell pepper, seeded and julienned; Hawaiian sea salt | INSTRUCTIONS: For the marinade: Place all dressing ingredients in blender and puree until smooth. Divide in half. For the steak: Marinate the steak covered and refrigerated overnight in half of the marinade/dressing. Remove steak and discard the marinade. Season with salt and pepper. Grill to medium rare and let rest 15 minutes. When slightly cooled, thinly slice across the grain. For the papaya salad: In a mixing bowl, toss the sliced steak, green papaya, onion, red pepper, and remaining dressing. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Serve on a platter or over mixed greens. <END>
INPUT: roast, cranberry, turkey, butter, crumbled sage leaves, each salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roast Turkey with Savory Cranberry Sauce From the Titanic | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 10 lb turkey; 2 tablespoons butter, softened; 1 teaspoon crumbled sage leaves; 1/2 teaspoon each salt and pepper; 2 tablespoons butter; 2 onions, chopped; 1 cup finely chopped celery; 1 teaspoon each crumbled sage, thyme, and marjoram leaves; 3/4 teaspoon each salt and pepper; 1/2 cup sherry; 10 cups cubed bread, lightly toasted; 1/2 cup chopped fresh parsley; 1/4 cup chicken stock; 3 cups chicken stock; 1 onion, chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: Stuffing: In skillet, melt butter over medium heat. Stir in onions, celery, sage, thyme, marjoram, salt and pepper; cook, stirring occasionally, for 10 minutes or until browned. Stir in sherry; bring to boil. Boil for 5 minutes or until liquid is almost completely evaporated. Cool slightly. Gently stir in bread and parsley; drizzle over chicken stock, stirring to combine. Reserve. Remove giblets and neck from the turkey cavity; reserve for gravy. Rinse turkey inside and out with running water. Pat dry. Stir together butter, sage, salt and pepper; rub over turkey, inside and out. Loosely pack s <END>
INPUT: sauce, chicken, onion, carrot, bay leaves, peppercorns
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken in Horseradish and Chervil Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 whole chicken; 1 small whole onion; 1 carrot; 3 bay leaves; 1 tablespoon peppercorns; 1 tablespoon coarse salt; 4 teaspoons butter; 1 pound Jerusalem artichokes, peeled and sliced; 1 fennel bulb, sliced; 1 tablespoon all-purpose flour; 6 tablespoons freshly grated horseradish; 3/4 cup heavy cream; 1/4 cup chopped chervil; Salt and pepper; 2 pounds boiled potatoes | INSTRUCTIONS: Put the chicken in a large casserole with the onion, carrot, bay leaves, peppercorns, and salt. Add enough water to cover the chicken, then bring to a boil and simmer for 1 hour, or until the meat is white. Carefully lift the chicken from the broth and let cool. Strain the broth and save 2 1/2 cups for the sauce. Put the chicken in a large casserole with the onion, carrot, bay leaves, peppercorns, and salt. Add enough water to cover the chicken, then bring to a boil and simmer for 1 hour, or until the meat is white. Carefully lift the chicken from the broth and let cool. Strain the broth and s <END>
INPUT: Mexican, french, toast, brioche bread, mascarpone cheese, bacon, heavy cream, eggs
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mascarpone and Bacon Stuffed French Toast with Chorizo and Clams | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 6 slices brioche bread, sliced 1-inch thick; 1 cup mascarpone cheese; 6 slices bacon, cooked crisp; 2 cups heavy cream; 2 eggs; 1 tablespoon minced fresh rosemary; Pinch salt; 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, divided; 2 tablespoons diced chorizo; 12 little neck clams, cleaned; 1 cup chicken stock | INSTRUCTIONS: Cut each slice of brioche bread in half diagonally. Make a deep slit into the bread from the cut side. In a food processor, blend together the mascarpone cheese and bacon. Using a spatula, take the bacon cheese mixture and spread it into the slit in the bread. Whisk together the cream, eggs, rosemary, and salt. Place each piece of bread into the egg mixture and soak for a few seconds. Place the egg-coated bread on a cooling rack set over a baking sheet to drain a little bit. In a large saute pan, heat 2 tablespoons butter over medium heat. Add the soaked brioche slices and cook until golden br <END>
INPUT: fondue, semisweet chocolate chips, heavy whipping cream, orange liqueur, stem strawberries
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate Orange Fondue and Stem Strawberries | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 8 ounces semisweet chocolate chips; 1/2 cup heavy whipping cream; 2 tablespoons orange liqueur; 8 large stem strawberries | INSTRUCTIONS: When you are a few minutes away from serving dessert, place a medium sauce pot filled with 2 or 3 inches of water on the stove to come up to a boil. When water boils, reduce heat to simmer and cover pot with a metal bowl. Bowl should not touch water. Add chocolate and cream and melt together, about 5 minutes. Stir in orange liqueur. Transfer chocolate dip to a fondue pot and set strawberries alongside or, dip stem strawberries and arrange on a plate, serving them immediately. <END>
INPUT: salad, thyme, beets, kosher salt, pepper, olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Beet and Mache Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 sprigs fresh thyme; 4 medium beets; 1 cup kosher salt, plus more, to taste; Freshly ground black pepper, to taste; 1 1/2 teaspoons olive oil; 2 medium leeks, white parts only, well washed; 1/4 pound haricots verts; 1/2 cup walnuts; 1/4 pound mache; Sherry Vinaigrette, recipe follows; 8 thin slices goat cheese; 1 teaspoon sherry vinegar; 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard; 1/4 cup grapeseed oil; 1 tablespoon walnut oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F. Place a sprig of thyme on top of each beet, season with salt and pepper, to taste, and drizzle each beet with 1/4 teaspoon olive oil. Wrap each individually in aluminum foil. Coat bottom of a small cast iron skillet evenly with 1 cup salt. Place skillet in oven, and roast beets until tender enough to be pierced with a sharp knife, 45 minutes to 1 hour. Allow to cool, and peel skin off beets by rubbing with a paper towel. Quarter leeks lengthwise, without cutting through the root end. Tie leeks together in a bunch with kitchen string. Prepare an ice bath. Bring me <END>
INPUT: cakes, eggs, all purpose flour, scallion greens, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fried Sauerkraut Cakes with Kielbasa | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 (1-pound) package sauerkraut (not canned), rinsed and drained well (2 3/4 cups); 2 large eggs, lightly beaten; 1/3 cup all-purpose flour; 1/2 cup chopped scallion greens; 3/4 teaspoon salt; 1/2 teaspoon black pepper; 1/2 to 3/4 cup vegetable oil; 1 pound smoked beef and pork kielbasa, cut crosswise into 1/2-inch slices; Accompaniment: warm applesauce | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 250°F. Pat sauerkraut dry between paper towels to remove as much moisture as possible, then transfer to a bowl and stir in eggs, flour, scallion greens, salt, and pepper until combined. Heat 1/4 inch oil in a 12-inch heavy skillet over moderate heat until hot but not smoking. Fill a 1/4-cup measure three-fourths full with sauerkraut mixture, then turn out into oil, using a fork to release, and flatten to 3 1/2 inches in diameter with fork. Form 2 more cakes in skillet, then fry, turning over once, until golden, about 4 minutes total. Transfer cakes with a slotted spatula to pap <END>
INPUT: Italian, tangled, garlic infused virgin, sweet grape tomatoes, Kosher salt pepper, low sodium chicken, angel hair pasta
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Grape Tomatoes with Tangled Noodles | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons garlic-infused virgin olive oil; 4 cups sweet grape tomatoes; Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper; 3 cups low-sodium chicken stock; 1 pound angel hair pasta or extra-thin egg noodles; 4 ounces smoked mozzarella, roughly chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper. Drizzle the olive oil over the grape tomatoes, season with salt and pepper and toss to coat. Place the tomatoes on the baking sheet and cook until skins turn a rich golden brown, about 10 minutes. Meanwhile, heat the chicken stock over low heat. Add the noodles to a large skillet over medium heat, and pour in 1 ladleful of hot stock. Stir to prevent the noodles from sticking together as the stock cooks off. Once the noodles have absorbed all of the stock, add another 1 cup stock. Continue to stir and add the remaining <END>
INPUT: salad, garlic, tomato paste, cinnamon, cumin, smoked paprika
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spicy Lamb Pizza With Parsley–Red Onion Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 garlic cloves, finely grated; 1/4 cup tomato paste; 3/4 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 3/4 teaspoon ground cumin; 3/4 teaspoon smoked paprika; 3/4 teaspoon kosher salt, plus more; 12 ounces ground lamb; All-purpose flour (for dusting); 8 ounces prepared pizza dough, cut in half, room temperature; 2 tablespoons olive oil, divided, plus more for drizzling; 1/2 small red onion, thinly sliced; 1 cup parsley leaves with tender stems; 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice; Crushed red pepper flakes (for serving) | INSTRUCTIONS: Place a baking sheet on a rack in lower third of oven; preheat to 500°F. Mix garlic, tomato paste, cinnamon, cumin, paprika, and 3/4 tsp. salt in a large bowl. Mix in lamb. Working with 1 piece of dough and keeping remaining piece covered, gently stretch dough into a 10x8" oval and transfer to a lightly floured parchment-lined baking sheet. (If dough springs back, cover and let rest 10 minutes, then stretch again, resting as needed.) Crumble half of the lamb mixture over dough and brush edges with 1 Tbsp. oil. Slide onto preheated baking sheet and bake until crust is golden brown, 6–8 minutes. <END>
INPUT: soup, pig tails, salt beef, water, yams, coco
OUTPUT: TITLE: Jamaican Pepper Pot Soup | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 pounds pig tails, scrubbed, rinsed in cold water, and cut into 1-inch pieces; 1 pound salt beef, cut into 1/2-inch cubes; 6 1/2 pints water; 1 pound yams, peeled and chopped into 1-inch cubes; 1 pound coco, peeled and chopped; 4 cups ice water; 12 okra, rinsed; 8 ounces Indian kale, trimmed of heavy stalks and finely sliced; 1 teaspoon powdered thyme; Freshly ground salt; Freshly ground pepper; 6 ounces onion, thinly sliced; 3 scallions, finely chopped; 1 can callaloo* or 1 pound fresh spinach, shredded; *a Jamaican green vegetable that tastes like a cross between broccoli and spinach | INSTRUCTIONS: In a pot large enough to hold at least 20 cups of water, add pig tails. Cook on medium heat to render fat. Pat salt beef dry with a towel. When drippings have accumulated, add salt beef to pot and saute until brown. Once browned, add 6 1/2 pints of water and bring to a simmer. Simmer for 1 hour, occasionally skimming off the foam that rises to the surface and clings to the sides of the pot. After 1 hour, add the yams and coco. Add ice water to congeal fat and cause it to rise to the top. Skim off fat. Simmer for 1/2 hour more. Add okra and kale. Add thyme, salt, and pepper to taste. Add choppe <END>
INPUT: sandwiches, butterflied boned leg, garlic, thyme, savory, rosemary
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Lamb Sandwiches with Grilled Green Onions | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 4 1/2-pound butterflied boned leg of lamb, trimmed of excess fat; 6 garlic cloves, thinly sliced; 2 tablespoons minced fresh thyme; 1 tablespoon dried savory; 1 tablespoon minced fresh rosemary; 5 bunches green onions, trimmed; 1/4 cup plus 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 2 French-bread baguettes, each cut crosswise into five 4- to 4 1/2-inch pieces; Aioli; Red Bell Pepper Sauce; 1 1/2 cups purchased tapenade | INSTRUCTIONS: Using sharp knife, cut 1/2-inch slits all over lamb. Insert garlic slices into slits. Sprinkle lamb with salt and pepper, then herbs, pressing herbs to adhere. (Can be prepared 1 day ahead. Cover and chill.) Prepare barbecue (medium-high heat). Place green onions in large roasting pan. Drizzle 1/4 cup oil over onions; toss to coat. Sprinkle with salt and pepper. Cut baguette pieces horizontally in half. Brush cut sides of bread with remaining 3 tablespoons oil. Grill lamb until meat thermometer inserted into thickest part registers 135°F. for medium-rare, turning occasionally, about 30 minutes <END>
INPUT: spice, glaze, Cornish game hens, olive oil, Sherry wine vinegar, honey, cumin
OUTPUT: TITLE: Game Hens with Honey, Vinegar and Spice Glaze | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 8 22-ounce Cornish game hens; 1/2 cup olive oil; 1/2 cup Sherry wine vinegar or red wine vinegar; 1/2 cup honey; 1 tablespoon ground cumin; 1 1/2 teaspoons aniseed; 3/4 teaspoon ground cinnamon | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 400°F. Remove giblets from game hens. Pat game hens dry. Tie legs of each game hen together to hold shape. Place game hens in large roasting pan. Combine olive oil, Sherry wine vinegar, honey, ground cumin, aniseed and ground cinnamon in heavy medium saucepan. Simmer until mixture thickens slightly, stirring constantly, about 3 minutes. Remove glaze from heat. Brush some of glaze over game hens. Sprinkle game hens generously with salt and pepper. Roast until last drops of juices run clear when thighs are pierced, basting every 10 minutes with glaze, about 55 minutes. Transfer g <END>
INPUT: American, squares, butter, egg, leftover sweet potatoes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sweet Potato Squares | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 (18.25-ounce) box yellow cake mix (recommended: Betty Crocker); 8 tablespoons butter, room temperature; 1 egg; 2 cups leftover sweet potatoes (or 1 (15-ounce) can) (recommended: Princella); 1 (8-ounce) package cream cheese, softened; 1 egg; 1/2 cup sugar; 1 1/2 teaspoons pumpkin pie spice; 1 cup oats; 1/4 cup all-purpose flour; 2 tablespoons honey; 1/2 cup white chocolate chips; 1/4 teaspoon pumpkin pie spice; 1/2 cup crushed mixed nuts; 3 tablespoons melted butter | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Spray a 9 by 13-inch baking pan with cooking spray; set aside. Beat cake mix, butter, and egg in a large bowl with an electric mixer on low speed. Beat into well combined crumbs. Press cake mixture evenly into prepared pan, set aside. Blend all potato filling ingredients in food processor until smooth. Spread evenly over crust layer. Combine all topping ingredients in small bowl. Sprinkle over and press into sweet potato filling. Bake in preheated oven for 30 to 35 minutes, until just set and tester inserted comes out clean. <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, herbed, water, lemon zest, rounded thyme, couscous, parsley leaves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Herbed Couscous with Lemon | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 cup water; 1/4 teaspoon freshly grated lemon zest; a rounded 1/4 teaspoon dried thyme; 1/2 cup couscous; 1/4 cup packed freshly parsley leaves, minced; 1 tablespoon olive oil; fresh lemon juice to taste | INSTRUCTIONS: In a small heavy saucepan bring the water to a boil, stir in the zest, the thyme, and the couscous, and remove the pan from the heat. Let the mixture stand, covered, for 5 minutes, fluff it with a fork, and stir in the parsley, the oil, the lemon juice, and salt and pepper to taste. In a small heavy saucepan bring the water to a boil, stir in the zest, the thyme, and the couscous, and remove the pan from the heat. Let the mixture stand, covered, for 5 minutes, fluff it with a fork, and stir in the parsley, the oil, the lemon juice, and salt and pepper to taste. <END>
INPUT: shortbread, unsalted, all purpose flour, sugar, kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pistachio Shortbread | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup unsalted, shelled raw pistachios (about 4 1/2 ounces); 1 1/4 cups all-purpose flour; 3/4 cup sugar; 1/2 cup (1 stick) chilled unsalted butter, cut into 1/2" pieces; 1 teaspoon kosher salt; 1/4 teaspoons vanilla extract | INSTRUCTIONS: Pulse pistachios in a food processor until finely ground but not a paste, about 30 seconds. Add flour, sugar, butter, salt, and vanilla; pulse until mixture is the consistency of cornmeal. With machine running, drizzle in 2 tablespoons ice water (a crumbly dough should form; do not overprocess). Transfer dough to a sheet of parchment paper and pat into a rectangle. Top with another sheet of parchment and roll out to a 12x8" rectangle. Transfer dough (in parchment paper) to a baking sheet and chill until firm, about 1 hour. Place racks in upper and lower thirds of oven; preheat to 350°F. Remove <END>
INPUT: cheeseball, Two bags Cheddar, mayonnaise, hot sauce, garlic, block cream cheese
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pimiento Cheeseball | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Two 8-ounce bags shredded Cheddar; 2/3 cup mayonnaise; 2 tablespoons hot sauce, such as Frank's; 4 cloves garlic; One 8-ounce block cream cheese; One 6-ounce jar pimientos, drained and chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Add the Cheddar, mayonnaise, hot sauce and garlic to a food processor and pulse to combine, making sure the cheese remains coarse. Add the cream cheese and pulse until combined. Add the chopped pimientos and pulse twice, just to incorporate into the mixture. Line a small bowl with plastic wrap then press the cheese mixture into the bowl. Cover the top with the overhanging plastic wrap and refrigerate for at least 2 hours or overnight. <END>
INPUT: spiced, affogato, pistachios, cinnamon, cardamom, vanilla ice cream, hot espresso strongly
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spiced Coffee Affogato With Vanilla Ice Cream | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup raw pistachios; 1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1/8 teaspoon ground cardamom; 1 pint vanilla ice cream; 8 tablespoons hot espresso or strongly brewed coffee | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350°F. Toast pistachios on a rimmed baking sheet, tossing once, until golden brown, 5–7 minutes. Let cool, then coarsely chop. Mix cinnamon and cardamom in a small bowl. Divide ice cream among 4 small serving bowls or coffee cups. Sprinkle spice mixture over and pour 2 Tbsp. espresso into each bowl. Top with pistachios. Preheat oven to 350°F. Toast pistachios on a rimmed baking sheet, tossing once, until golden brown, 5–7 minutes. Let cool, then coarsely chop. Mix cinnamon and cardamom in a small bowl. Divide ice cream among 4 small serving bowls or coffee cups. Sprinkle spice  <END>
INPUT: layers, all purpose flour, baking powder, salt, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Classic White Cake Layers | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups all-purpose flour (spoon flour into dry-measure cup and level off); 2 teaspoons baking powder; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 12 tablespoons (1 1/2 sticks) unsalted butter, softened; 1 1/2 cups sugar; 2 teaspoons vanilla extract; 6 large egg whites; 3/4 cup milk; Two 9-inch round cake pans, buttered and bottoms lined with buttered parchment or wax paper; N/A parchment or wax paper | INSTRUCTIONS: 1 Position a rack in the middle of the oven and preheat to 350 degrees. 2 Combine the flour, baking powder, and salt in a bowl, mixing well. 3 Place the butter and sugar in the bowl of a heavy-duty mixer fitted with the paddle attachment and beat on medium speed for about 5 minutes, or until very soft and light. Beat in the vanilla. 4 Whisk together the egg whites and milk by hand in a medium mixing bowl until just combined. 5 Reduce the mixer speed to low and beat in one-quarter of the flour mixture, then one-third of the milk mixture, stopping and scraping down the bowl and beater after each <END>
INPUT: garlicky, garlic, anchovy fillet, mayonnaise, plain milk yogurt, lemon juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Garlicky Mayonnaise | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 finely grated garlic clove; 1/2 finely chopped anchovy fillet; 1/2 cup mayonnaise; 1/2 cup plain whole-milk yogurt; 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice; Kosher salt and coarsely ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Whisk 1 finely grated garlic clove, 1/2 finely chopped anchovy fillet, 1/2 cup mayonnaise, 1/2 cup plain whole-milk yogurt, and 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice in a medium bowl; season with kosher salt and coarsely ground black pepper and more lemon juice, if desired. DO AHEAD: Garlicky Mayonnaise can be made 2 days ahead. Cover and chill. Whisk 1 finely grated garlic clove, 1/2 finely chopped anchovy fillet, 1/2 cup mayonnaise, 1/2 cup plain whole-milk yogurt, and 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice in a medium bowl; season with kosher salt and coarsely ground black pepper and more lemon juice, if  <END>
INPUT: Mexican, spritzer, sugar, water, limes, Kosher salt sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lime Spritzer | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup sugar; 1 cup water; 2 limes, zested and juiced, plus lime wedges for rimming the glasses and garnish; 1 (1/2-inch) slice fresh ginger; Kosher salt or sugar, for rimming glasses (optional); 24 ounces sparkling water | INSTRUCTIONS: For the simple syrup: Heat the sugar, water, lime zest, and ginger in a medium saucepan over medium-high heat to boiling. Simmer for 3 to 4 minutes, and then remove from the heat. Add the lime juice and let the flavors infuse the syrup for at least 15 minutes while it cools. Strain the syrup, if you wish, and keep in the refrigerator until ready to use. For the drink: Rub a lime wedge around the lip of the glasses to moisten and then dip in salt or sugar to decorate the glasses, if desired. Pour 1 or 2 tablespoons of the lime syrup into each glass and top with sparkling water. Garnish with a w <END>
INPUT: American, crunchy, sandwich, mayonnaise lemon, horseradish, hot sauce, dill relish, kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Crunchy Catfish Sandwich | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup mayonnaise 1 lemon, juiced; 3 teaspoons prepared horseradish; 2 teaspoons hot sauce; 2 tablespoons dill relish; Pinch kosher salt; Pinch freshly ground black pepper; Oil, for frying; 2 eggs; 2 to 3 dashes hot sauce; 2 teaspoons seafood seasoning (recommended: Old Bay); Kosher salt; 1 cup cornmeal (medium ground for more texture); 1/2 cup all-purpose flour; 1/2 cup cornstarch Freshly ground black pepper; 4 catfish fillets, cut in 1/2, about 2 pounds | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. To make the Spicy Tartar Sauce: Mix all the sauce ingredients in a small bowl until well combined. Cover and refrigerate until ready to serve. In a deep 12-inch pan set over medium-high heat, add enough oil so it comes 1/3 of the way up the sides. Heat the oil to 375 degrees F. In a wide-mouth bowl, whisk the eggs with the hot sauce, seafood seasoning and a pinch of salt. In a small paper bag, mix together the cornmeal, flour, cornstarch, and salt and pepper, to taste. Dredge the catfish in egg mixture, then in the flour mixture <END>
INPUT: kebabs, canola oil, garlic, plain yogurt, cumin, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Beef Kebabs | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons canola oil; 1 tablespoon garlic, chopped; 1/2 cup plain yogurt; 1 teaspoon ground cumin; 1 teaspoon salt; 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 2 teaspoon hot sauce; 3 pounds bottom round steak, cut into 1-inch cubes; 1 large yellow onion, chopped in large chucks slightly large than beef cubes; Spicy Couscous, recipe follows; 2 tablespoons canola oil; 2 teaspoons minced garlic; 1 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes; 2 cups chicken broth; 1 (10-ounce) box couscous | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Special equipment: 8 bamboo skewers, soaked in water for about 20 minutes In a large bowl whisk together canola oil, garlic, yogurt, cumin, salt, pepper and hot sauce. Reserve half the marinade, in a covered bowl, and refrigerate. Add beef cubes to remaining marinade, cover and refrigerate for anywhere from 30 minutes to overnight. Preheat grill pan or outdoor grill to medium high heat. Be sure to oil the grill surface before grilling the kebabs. Thread beef cubes and onion pieces onto skewers, alternating 3 pieces of beef and onion per skewer. Set aside extra be <END>
INPUT: French, granita, wine, sugar, cubed honeydew melon, tarragon leaves, lemon juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Wine, Honeydew, and Tarragon Granita | CUISINE: French | INGREDIENTS: 2/3 cup white wine; 1/4 cup sugar; 2 cups cubed honeydew melon; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh tarragon leaves, plus whole leaves or sprigs for garnish; 1 teaspoon fresh lemon juice; Kosher salt | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. Combine the wine and sugar in a saucepan and bring to a simmer, stirring until the sugar is dissolved, then cool. 2. Puree the honeydew and tarragon in a blender, then strain through a fine-mesh sieve into a mixing bowl. Combine the wine, honeydew juice, lemon juice, and a pinch of salt, then transfer to a square baking dish. Put in the freezer until firm, scraping and stirring with a fork every 30 minutes until the mixture is slushy, about 2 hours. Serve garnished with tarragon leaves or sprigs. <END>
INPUT: cupcakes, light sugar, canola oil, eggs, all purpose flour, unsweetened cocoa powder
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cocoa-Carrot Cupcakes with White Chocolate Chips | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups light brown sugar; 1 1/2 cups canola oil; 4 large eggs, at room temperature; 1 3/4 cups all-purpose flour; 5 tablespoons unsweetened cocoa powder; 2 teaspoons baking soda; 1/4 teaspoon kosher salt; 1 pound carrots, grated (about 4 cups); 2 cups white chocolate chips | INSTRUCTIONS: • Preheat the oven to 350°F. Place paper liners in 24 cupcake/muffin tins. • Place the sugar, oil, and eggs in a mixer fitted with a paddle and beat until well combined. Place the flour, cocoa powder, baking soda, and salt in a separate bowl and mix well. Add to the oil mixture, scrape down the sides of the bowl, add the carrots and chocolate chips, and mix again. Scrape down the sides of the bowl. • Using a 2-ounce ice cream scoop or heaping tablespoon, fill the prepared tins. Transfer to the oven and bake until a tester comes out clean and the tops are slightly domed, 22 to 25 minutes. Let c <END>
INPUT: Asian, knob gingerroot, lemon juice, Thai fish sauce, granulated sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Ginger-Lemon Sauce | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1 2-inch knob gingerroot, peeled; 4 teaspoons freshly-squeezed lemon juice; 4 teaspoons Thai fish sauce; 1 teaspoon granulated sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: Using a Japanese ginger grater or very fine holes on grater, grate ginger to make 2 teaspoons ginger shreds and juice. In a small bowl mix ginger with remaining ingredients. Let stand 10 minutes. Pour sauce through a fine strainer and serve with pan-fried scallops.; <END>
INPUT: relish, pineapples, bell pepper, honey, jalapeño chiles, oriental sesame oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pineapple-Jalapeño Relish | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 large ripe pineapples, peeled, cored, finely chopped (about 5 cups); 1 small red bell pepper, chopped (about 1 cup); 3 tablespoons honey; 2 jalapeño chiles, seeded, minced; 3/4 teaspoon oriental sesame oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine all ingredients in large bowl. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Cook mixture in large nonstick skillet over medium-high heat until almost all liquid evaporates, stirring occasionally, about 4 minutes. Cool and serve at room temperature. (Relish can be made 1 day ahead; refrigerate. Bring to room temperature before serving.) Combine all ingredients in large bowl. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Cook mixture in large nonstick skillet over medium-high heat until almost all liquid evaporates, stirring occasionally, about 4 minutes. Cool and serve at room temperature. (Relish can <END>
INPUT: egg, Sugar, rum, Triple Sec, orange juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mai Tai | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 egg white, lightly beaten* (See Disclaimer); Sugar; 1/2 cup white rum; 1/4 cup Triple Sec; 1/4 cup fresh orange juice; 1/4 cup fresh lime juice; Crushed ice; Cocktail cherries; Pineapple cubes; Orange slices | INSTRUCTIONS: Dip the rim of a tall glass into the egg whites, and then the sugar. Put the rum, Triple Sec, and juices into a cocktail shaker. Shake to mix. Fill the glass with the ice and pour the cocktail over it. Decorate with cherries, pineapple, and/or orange slices, and drink with a straw. <END>
INPUT: puree, butternut squash, unsalted butter, pure maple syrup
OUTPUT: TITLE: Maple Squash Puree | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 1/2 pounds butternut squash, peeled, seeded, and cut into 1-inch chunks; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, cut into pieces; 2 to 3 tablespoons pure maple syrup | INSTRUCTIONS: In a steamer set over boiling water steam the squash, covered, for 15 minutes, or until it is very tender. Reserve the steaming liquid and in a food processor puree the squash with the butter, maple syrup, and enough of the reserved steaming liquid to reach the desired consistency. Season the squash puree with salt and pepper. The squash puree may be made 3 days in advance, kept covered and chilled, and reheated, adding additional water as needed.; <END>
INPUT: vegetables, glaze, balsamic vinegar, wine, skinned baby potatoes, carrots
OUTPUT: TITLE: Rib-Eye Roast with Chianti Pan Vegetables and Balsamic Glaze | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 2/3 cups balsamic vinegar; 1 cup dry red wine (such as Chianti); 1 tablespoon (packed) dark brown sugar; 2 pounds red-skinned baby potatoes; 1 1/2 pounds carrots, peeled, cut into 2-inch-long pieces; 2 medium onions, unpeeled, quartered lengthwise; 6 tablespoons olive oil; 1 5-pound boneless rib-eye roast, trimmed and tied, room temperature; 1/3 cup chopped fresh Italian parsley | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine vinegar, wine, and sugar in heavy large saucepan. Bring to boil over medium heat, stirring to dissolve sugar. Boil until syrupy and reduced to 3/4 cup, about 25 minutes. Remove from heat. (Balsamic glaze can be made 1 day ahead. Cover and let stand at room temperature.) Position 1 rack in center and 1 rack in bottom third of oven; preheat to 325°F. Toss potatoes, carrots, and onions with oil in large bowl to coat. Scatter vegetables on large rimmed baking sheet. Sprinkle with salt and pepper. Place on lower rack and roast 35 minutes, stirring occasionally. Set meat on rack set in roast <END>
INPUT: ital, soup, carrot juice, sweet potatoes, hot chile
OUTPUT: TITLE: Ital Carrot and Sweet Potato Soup | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 cups fresh carrot juice; 2 sweet potatoes, peeled and cut into 3D4-inch chunks; 1 (4-ounce) can chickpeas, drained; 1 (1 1/2-inch) creamed coconut chunk, cut from a block*; 1 small hot red chile, preferably Scotch Bonnet, chopped (wear gloves); 1 (3/4-inch) piece fresh ginger, very finely chopped; 1 clove garlic, finely chopped; 2 sprigs fresh thyme, leaves picked and finely chopped; 1 large handful callaloo (amaranth) or spinach leaves, washed thoroughly, stemmed, optional; Stock, as needed; 1 chunk butter, optional; Freshly ground black pepper, optional; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh cilantro leaves, for garnish; Cream, sour cream or Greek yogurt, for service, optional | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring the carrot juice to a boil in a medium-sized saucepan. Add the sweet potatoes, chickpeas, creamed coconut, chile, ginger, garlic, and thyme. Simmer the ingredients gently, covered, for 10 minutes, or until the potatoes are soft. Shred the callaloo or spinach, if using, and add the leaves to the soup 5 minutes before the end of the cooking process. Leave the soup chunky or smash the chickpeas, and sweet potato with a potato masher, if desired. Adjust the consistency of the soup, to taste, with a little extra carrot juice or stock if you decide to mash it, as it will become very thick. Fin <END>
INPUT: container Greek yogurt, sugar, cinnamon, pure vanilla extract
OUTPUT: TITLE: Strawberry-Rhubarb Jam with Frozen Yogurt Parfait and Homemade Walnut Brittle | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Frozen Yogurt:; One 35.3-ounce container Greek yogurt; 1/2 cup sugar; 2 teaspoons cinnamon; 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract; Homemade Walnut Brittle:; 1 stick (8 tablespoons) unsalted butter, cubed, plus 2 tablespoons for buttering the baking mat; 2 1/2 cups sugar; 1/2 cup light corn syrup; 3 1/2 cups walnuts; 2 teaspoons vanilla extract; 1 teaspoon baking soda; 2 teaspoons salt; To assemble the parfaits:; 2 cups strawberry-rhubarb jam | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Special equipment: a silicone baking mat; a candy thermometer; 8 to 10 parfait glasses For the frozen yogurt: Strain the yogurt through a fine-meshed strainer for 2 hours. Put the strained yogurt, the sugar, cinnamon and vanilla extract in a blender and blend until the ingredients are incorporated, about 2 minutes. Transfer the yogurt mixture to an 8-inch square baking dish and freeze until firm, about 1 hour. Meanwhile, make the homemade walnut brittle: Line a baking sheet with a silicone baking mat and grease it liberally with 2 tablespoons of butter. Bring the <END>
INPUT: Mexican, KRAFT Light Zesty, chicken breast halves, pepper, tomato, salsa
OUTPUT: TITLE: Salsa Cheddar Chicken | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2 Tbsp. KRAFT Light Zesty Italian Dressing; 4 small boneless skinless chicken breast halves (1 lb.); 1 large green pepper, cut into thin strips; 1 large tomato, chopped; 1 cup salsa; 1 cup KRAFT 2% Milk Shredded Mild Cheddar Cheese; 2 cups cooked brown rice | INSTRUCTIONS: HEAT dressing in large skillet on medium heat. Add chicken; cover. Cook 4 to 5 min. on each side or until lightly browned. Remove from skillet; cover to keep warm. ADD peppers to skillet; cook 5 min., stirring frequently. Stir in tomatoes and salsa. Return chicken to skillet; simmer, covered, on medium-low heat 10 min. or until chicken is done (165 F). TOP with cheese; cook, covered, 4 to 5 min. or until melted. Serve over rice. <END>
INPUT: Asian, salad, chicken, julienne Papayas, julienne carrot, English cucumber, mung bean sprouts, julienne diakon radish
OUTPUT: TITLE: Green Papaya Salad and Lemongrass Chicken | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 3 cups julienne green Papayas; 1 cup julienne carrot; 1 English cucumber, julienne; 1 cup mung bean sprouts; 1 cup julienne diakon radish; 1/2 cup julienne scallions, 2-inch pieces; 1/4 cup chiffonade fresh mint leaves; 1/4 cup rice vinegar; 3 tablespoons mirin; 1/2 teaspoon sesame oil; 1 tablespoon soy sauce; 2 tablespoons fish sauce; 1 teaspoon chili sauce; 1/4 cup olive oil; 1 cup diced lemongrass | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. For the Papaya Salad: Mix all ingredients, toss with vinaigrette, chill and serve in 30 minutes For the Asian Vinaigrette: Whisk together all the ingredients, except the oil. Slowly whisk in the oil and place into the refrigerator until chilled. For the Lemongrass Chicken: Add all ingredients in re-sealable bag. Add the chicken and let marinate for 4 to 24 hours. Remove from marinade. Skewer chicken onto sugar cane skewers and place onto preheated grill. Grill on both sides until marked and cooked through. Place the skewers onto a serving platter and squeeze 1/2  <END>
INPUT: gratin, poblano chiles, onions, vegetable oil, Yukon Gold potatoes, heavy cream
OUTPUT: TITLE: Poblano Potato Gratin | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 pounds fresh poblano chiles (about 5); 1 pound onions, cut lengthwise into 1/4-inch strips; 1 tablespoon vegetable oil; 3 pounds large Yukon Gold potatoes; 1 1/2 cups heavy cream; 3/4 cup whole milk; Equipment: an adjustable-blade slicer | INSTRUCTIONS: Roast chiles and make rajas: Roast chiles on their sides on racks of gas burners on high, turning with tongs, until skins are blackened all over, about 10 minutes. Immediately transfer to a bowl and let stand, covered tightly, 10 minutes. When chiles are cool enough to handle, peel or rub off skin. Slit chiles lengthwise, then stem, seed, and devein. Cut lengthwise into thin strips. Cook onions with 1 teaspoon salt in oil in a 12-inch heavy skillet over medium-low heat, stirring occasionally, until golden, about 8 minutes. Stir in chiles and remove rajas from heat. Reserve 1/2 cup rajas for to <END>
INPUT: American, sandwich, buffet, vegetable oil, butter, mini rye bread, sweet pepper relish, smoked turkey
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mini Sandwich Buffet: Mini Grilled Cheese and Tomato, Mini Rachael's and Mini Spicy Patty Melts | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons vegetable oil; 4 tablespoons butter, cut into pieces; 16 slices mini rye bread; 1/2 cup sweet red pepper relish; 1 pound smoked turkey, thinly sliced; 1 pound sauerkraut rinsed and drained; 1/3 pound sliced sharp cheddar; 16 slices mini pumpernickel bread; 1/4 pound thinly sliced Swiss cheese; 2 plum tomatoes, sliced; Salt and pepper; 2 tablespoons chopped chives or 2 scallions, chopped; 1 pound ground sirloin; 2 teaspoons Worcestershire sauce, several drops; 1/2 small onion, finely chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat oven to warm, 250 degrees F. Preheat large griddle or large nonstick skillet over medium heat. To a small pot over medium low heat add 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, eyeball it. To warm oil, add butter and melt it into the oil. Keep a pastry brush on a spoon rest or small plate on hand. Lay out 8 slices of rye bread. Dot bread with teaspoonfuls of red pepper relish. Top with even amounts of smoked turkey, sauerkraut and thinly sliced cheese. Top cheese with remaining slices of bread. Brush griddle or skillet with oil and butter mixture. Grill and toast sand <END>
INPUT: valentino, Manila clams, butter, virgin olive oil, prosciutto, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Clams Valentino | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 pounds Manila clams (Littleneck are fine as well); 3 tablespoons butter; 1 tablespoon extra virgin olive oil; 4 ounce of thick cut prosciutto (found at deli counter), diced; 3 garlic cloves, minced; 1 cup chardonnay; 1/2 teaspoon lemon zest; 1/8 teaspoon crushed red pepper; 1/8 teaspoon Herbes de Provence; 1 tablespoon fresh thyme, chopped; 1 tablespoon parsley, chopped; Parmesan | INSTRUCTIONS: Scrub clams with a brush to remove sand. Heat olive oil in a cast iron pan over medium heat. Add prosciutto and cook for 5 minutes or until browned. Add garlic and red pepper and cook 2 minutes. Add wine, lemon zest, butter, herbes de Provence, parsley and thyme. Bring to a boil. Add clams and cover. Stir occasionally. Cook for 6 minutes or until clams open. Garnish with Parmesan. Serve as an appetizer in a bowl or serve as a main with pasta. <END>
INPUT: American, hole, unsalted butter, egg, Canadian bacon, Swiss cheese
OUTPUT: TITLE: Egg in a Hole Grilled Cheese | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 (1/2-inch) slices sourdough or French bread; 1 tablespoon unsalted butter; 1 large egg; 2 slices Canadian bacon; 1/3 cup shredded Swiss cheese; 1 teaspoon honey mustard | INSTRUCTIONS: Cut a 2 1/2-inch hole from the center of one slice of the bread. Melt butter in a medium nonstick skillet over medium-low heat. When it foams, place the cut slice of bread and the round in skillet and toast lightly, about 1 minute. Crack the egg into the hole and season with salt and pepper, and cook until golden brown, about 2 minutes. Flip the egg bread, sprinkle half of the cheese on bread and top with ham. Spread mustard on second piece of bread and close sandwich. Cook until well browned and bottom part of cheese begins to melt, about 1 minute more. Flip whole sandwich and cook until all  <END>
INPUT: cereal, fruit, steel oats, well rinsed quinoa, raisins, kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Hot Oat & Quinoa Cereal | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup dried fruit (such as goji berries, cranberries, or barberries); 1/2 cup steel-cut oats; 1/2 cup well-rinsed quinoa; 1/4 cup raisins; 1 teaspoon kosher salt; 1/2 teaspoons ground cinnamon; 1/4 teaspoons ground cardamom; Milk; Maple syrup; Toasted shelled pumpkin seeds (pepitas); Toasted walnuts | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring 1/2 cup dried fruit (such as goji berries, cranberries, or barberries), 1/2 cup steel-cut oats, 1/2 cup well-rinsed quinoa, 1/4 cup raisins, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 1/2 teaspoons ground cinnamon, 1/4 teaspoons ground cardamom, and 4 cups water to a boil in a medium saucepan. Cover and let sit off heat overnight. (Alternatively, bring mixture to a boil; reduce heat and simmer, stirring occasionally, until grains are tender, 20-25 minutes.) Before serving, reheat cereal in saucepan, covered, over medium-low heat, stirring occasionally and adding water if needed, until warmed through, 5-8 m <END>
INPUT: pulled, light sugar, kosher salt, pepper, pork shoulder, orange soda
OUTPUT: TITLE: Soy-Da Glazed Pulled Pork | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon light brown sugar; 1 teaspoon kosher salt; 1/2 teaspoon crushed black pepper; 1 bone-in pork shoulder (about 5 pounds), fat cap scored; 2 cups orange soda; 1/3 cup low-sodium soy sauce; 1 teaspoon crushed red pepper; 2 cloves garlic, zested | INSTRUCTIONS: For the pork: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Rub the brown sugar, salt and pepper all over the pork. Place on a baking sheet, cover with a layer of parchment and then seal over the top with aluminum foil. Roast for 3 hours. For the soy-da glaze: In a small saucepan, simmer the orange soda, soy sauce, crushed red pepper and garlic until reduced by half. Set aside. Remove the pork from the oven, uncover and drain any liquid fat. Brush the soy-da glaze all over the pork and continue to roast, re-glazing every 30 minutes, until the pork is well browned, fork-tender and the meat pulls away from <END>
INPUT: vegetable oil, slab bacon, Kosher salt, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Kimchi-Braised Chicken With Bacon | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon vegetable oil; 4 ounces slab bacon, sliced 1/4 inch thick, cut crosswise into 1-inch pieces; 1 (3 1/2–4-pound) chicken, cut into 10 pieces; or 4 chicken legs, drumsticks and thighs separated, plus 2 skin-on, bone-in breasts, cut crosswise; Kosher salt, freshly ground pepper; 8 cloves garlic, lightly crushed; 1 pint cherry tomatoes; 1 cup dry white wine; 2 cups kimchi with juices, divided; 6 ounces wide egg noodles; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 2 tablespoons sliced chives, divided | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat oil in a large Dutch oven or skillet over medium and cook bacon, turning occasionally, until brown and lightly crisped, 5–8 minutes. Transfer to a plate. Season chicken generously with salt and pepper. Cook, skin side down, in bacon drippings, until skin is very deep golden brown, 12–15 minutes. Transfer to plate with bacon, placing skin side up. Add garlic and tomatoes to same pot and cook, stirring occasionally, until garlic is lightly browned and tomatoes have burst, about 5 minutes. Add wine, scraping up browned bits. Bring to a boil and cook until reduced by three-fourths. Add half o <END>
INPUT: Asian, seasoned rice vinegar, low sodium soy, Kosher salt, jalapeno pepper, tofu
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chinese Noodles with Tofu | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1/3 cup seasoned rice vinegar; 2 tablespoons low-sodium soy sauce; Kosher salt; 1 red jalapeno pepper, halved and thinly sliced 1 tablespoon vegetable oil; 1 14-ounce package firm tofu, drained, cut into 4 equal pieces and patted dry; 8 ounces sliced shiitake mushrooms (about 4 cups); Freshly ground pepper; 1 10- to 12-ounce package Chinese egg noodles; 1 bunch broccolini, trimmed and cut into 2-inch pieces; 1 tablespoon toasted sesame oil; 2 cups bean sprouts; 2 scallions, thinly sliced | INSTRUCTIONS: Whisk the vinegar, 1 tablespoon water, 1/2 tablespoon soy sauce and 1/2 teaspoon salt in a small bowl. Add the jalapeno; set aside. Heat the vegetable oil in a medium nonstick skillet over medium-high heat. Add the tofu and cook until golden brown, 3 to 4 minutes per side; transfer to a cutting board. Add the mushrooms to the skillet and cook, stirring, until slightly wilted, about 1 minute. Add the remaining 1 1/2 tablespoons soy sauce, 1 tablespoon water and a few grinds of pepper to the skillet. Cook until the mushrooms soften, about 2 minutes. Quarter each piece of tofu and transfer to a b <END>
INPUT: Italian, minestrone, croutons, olive oil, onion, carrot, potato, tomatoes including their
OUTPUT: TITLE: Minestrone with Garlic and Parmesan Croutons | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1 small onion, cut into 1/4-inch-thick slices; 1 carrot, cut into 1/4-inch-thick slices; 1 small red potato, cut into 1/2-inch dice; a 14- to 16-ounce can peeled whole tomatoes including their juice; 1 1/4 cups low-salt chicken broth; 1 ounce (about 2 tablespoons) dried ditalini or other small macaroni-type pasta; 1 large garlic clove, sliced; 2 slices homemade-type white bread, cut into 1/2-inch cubes; 1 teaspoon minced fresh parsley leaves; 1 tablespoon freshly grated Parmesan cheese; 1 small zucchini (about 6 ounces), washed and cut into 1/2-inch dice; 1 cup chopped romaine lettuce | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large saucepan heat 1 tablespoon oil over moderately high heat until hot but not smoking and sauté onion, carrot, and potato with salt to taste until vegetables are lightly browned. Add tomatoes and their liquid, broth, and pasta and simmer, stirring to break up tomatoes, 10 minutes, or until pasta and vegetables are tender. In a skillet sauté garlic in remaining tablespoon oil over moderately high heat until golden and discard with a slotted spoon. In garlic-flavored oil fry bread, seasoned with salt, over moderate heat, stirring occasionally, until golden on all sides. Remove skillet fr <END>
INPUT: Italian, herbs, fettuccine, olive oil, garlic, parsley leaves, mint leaves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fettuccine with Cherry Tomatoes, Goat Cheese, and Herbs | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 pound fettuccine; 1/4 cup olive oil; 1 tablespoon minced garlic; 2 tablespoons minced fresh parsley leaves, or to taste, plus, if desired, parsley sprigs for garnish; 2 tablespoons minced fresh mint leaves, or to taste; 1 to 1 1/2 cups cherry tomatoes, quartered; 3 ounces mild goat cheese such as Montrachet, crumbled (about 3/4 cup) | INSTRUCTIONS: In a kettle of boiling salted water cook the fettuccine until it is al dente. While the fettuccine is cooking, in a small saucepan heat the oil and the garlic over moderately low heat just until the mixture is hot and remove the pan from the heat. Drain the fettuccine well and in a bowl toss it with the oil mixture, the minced parsley, the mint, the tomatoes, the goat cheese and salt and pepper to taste. Divide the pasta between 2 plates and garnish it with the parsley sprigs. In a kettle of boiling salted water cook the fettuccine until it is al dente. While the fettuccine is cooking, in a sm <END>
INPUT: Mexican, chunks, pineapple, Tequila, lime juice, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Tequila Lime Pineapple Chunks | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 large ripe pineapple; 1/4 cup Tequila; 1/4 cup freshly squeezed lime juice; 2 tablespoons brown sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: Soak 1 dozen small bamboo skewers in cold water. Cut off top and bottom poles of pineapple. Stand it upright on the cutting board and cut off rind, using a sharp knife and smooth downward motions. Remove any remaining eyes with the tip of a paring knife. Cut in quarters lengthwise and cut out and discard woody core. Cut flesh into 1 or 1 1/2-inch chunks. In a medium bowl, combine tequila, lime juice and sugar. Add pineapple chunks and toss to coat. Let marinate 30 minutes at room temperature. Preheat grill to medium high. Drain pineapple chunks and divide among skewers. Brush grill well, wipe  <END>
INPUT: torte, wheat flour, all purpose flour, salt, milk, eggs
OUTPUT: TITLE: Smoked-Salmon Crêpe Torte | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup whole-wheat flour; 1/2 cup all-purpose flour; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 1 1/4 cups whole milk; 2 eggs; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted; One 8-ounce package cream cheese at room temperature; 1 tablespoon plus 2 teaspoons roughly chopped scallion, green part only; 2 teaspoons capers, drained and rinsed; 1/2 teaspoon fresh lemon juice; 2 tablespoons whole milk; One 4-ounce package smoked salmon | INSTRUCTIONS: To prepare the crêpes, stir the whole-wheat flour, all-purpose flour, and salt together in a medium bowl. Whisk the milk, eggs, and melted butter together in a small bowl. Pour half of the milk mixture into the flour mixture and whisk until smooth. Add the remaining milk mixture and continue whisking until the batter is completely smooth. Strain the batter through a fine-mesh strainer. Let the batter rest for half an hour before cooking. Line a tray with parchment paper. Heat a crêpe pan or a 7-inch nonstick sauté pan or skillet over moderately high heat. Spray the pan lightly with cooking oil <END>
INPUT: olive oil, wine, onion, cream mushroom soup, mushrooms
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken, Mushroom and Rice | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon olive oil; 1 cup white wine; 1/2 cup finely chopped onion; 1 can cream of mushroom soup; 2 cups sliced mushrooms; 4 chicken pieces, breasts and or thighs; 1 1/2 cups rice; Salt; Pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350 degrees. In a large skillet, heat oil over medium high heat and add onion. When onions begin to soften, add mushrooms and cook until golden. Season chicken liberally with salt and pepper. Push onions and mushrooms to side of pan and brown chicken skin side down for about 4 minutes. Remove chicken to plate. Stir in rice and cook with onions and mushrooms for 1 minute. Stir in wine and let simmer for 1 minute. Stir in soup and 1 1/2 cans of water and bring to a simmer. Pour rice mixture into a buttered casserole dish. Place Chicken on top of rice, skin side up, and cover with <END>
INPUT: Italian, meatballs, turkey, dice sweet onion, oregano leaves, basil leaves, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Turkey Meatballs | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 pounds fresh ground turkey; 1 small dice sweet onion; 2 teaspoons chopped fresh oregano leaves; 2 teaspoons chopped fresh basil leaves; 2 to 3 cloves minced garlic; Sea salt; Freshly ground black pepper; 3 large eggs; 1 3/4 cups bread crumbs; 1 cup heavy cream; 1/2 cup olive oil; 1 tablespoon butter; 1 1/2 cups all-purpose flour, for dusting the meat balls before browning | INSTRUCTIONS: Mix turkey meat, onion, fresh herbs, garlic, and salt and pepper. Add eggs, bread crumbs, and heavy cream. Roll meatballs to desired size. See Chef's Note 1. Heat a large saute pan. Add oil and butter and cook over medium heat until the butter turns golden brown, about 5 minutes. Browning the butter adds great flavor. See Chef's Note 2. Dust meatballs in a little flour and brown. The meatballs should be cooked on a medium-high heat. They can be finished in the oven by roasting or placed in pre-made tomato sauce. Remember this is only for browning the meatballs. <END>
INPUT: chowder, cherrystone clams, fish stock, strip bacon, onions, celery
OUTPUT: TITLE: Clam Chowder | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 16 cherrystone clams, fresh, in the shell; 2 cups fish stock; 1 strip bacon, julienne; 1/4 cup onions, medium diced; 1/4 cup celery, medium diced; 1/2 cup Idaho potatoes, peeled, medium dice; 1 sage leaf, fresh; 1/4 teaspoon thyme, dried leaves; 1 bay leaf; 3 drops tobasco sauce; 1/2 teaspoon white worcestershire sauce; 1/2 cup evaporated skimmed milk; 2 tablespoons arrowroot; 1/4 cup scallions, sliced; Chives, fresh, sliced | INSTRUCTIONS: Steam the clams in the stock. Remove the clams, chop the meat, and reserve. Strain the steaming liquid through cheesecloth. Reserve. Render the bacon. Add the onions and celery and saute until transulent. Add the stock, potatoes, sage, thyme, bay leaves, tobasco and worcesterchire. Simmer until the potatoes are tender. Combine the evaporated skimmed milk and the arrowroot. Gradually stir this mixture into the soup and continue to simmer for a few minutes, until thickened. Add the scallions. Add the reserved chopped clams and fresh herbs just before serving. <END>
INPUT: Italian, walnuts, olive oil, leeks, broccoli rabe, garlic, vegetable broth
OUTPUT: TITLE: Penne with Broccoli Rabe, Walnuts, and Pecorino | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup olive oil; 2 1/2 cups chopped leeks (white and pale green parts only; about 2 large); 2 large bunches broccoli rabe (rapini),* stemmed, coarsely chopped; 4 garlic cloves, peeled; 3/4 cup vegetable broth; 1/3 cup crme frache or whipping cream; 1 tablespoon finely grated lemon peel; 1 cup grated Pecorino Romano cheese, divided; 1 pound penne; 1 1/2 cups walnut halves, toasted | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat oil in heavy large skillet over medium-high heat. Add leeks and sauté until golden and soft, about 5 minutes. Add broccoli rabe and sauté, tossing with tongs, until slightly softened and bright green, about 3 minutes. Add garlic and stir 1 minute. Stir in broth, crme frache, and lemon peel, then 1/3 cup cheese. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Meanwhile, cook pasta in large pot of boiling salted water until just tender but still firm to bite, stirring occasionally. Drain, reserving 1 cup pasta cooking liquid. Return pasta to pot. Stir in broccoli rabe mixture and walnuts, adding 1/2  <END>
INPUT: frittata, virgin olive oil, garlic, baby potatoes, onion, rosemary
OUTPUT: TITLE: Rosemary Potato Frittata | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 1 large clove garlic crushed; 1 pound baby potatoes; 1 small onion; 3 to 4 sprigs fresh rosemary, finely chopped; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 12 eggs, beaten; 1/2 cup milk, half-and-half or cream; 1/2 cup Parmigiano-Reggiano | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat oven to 450 degrees F. Heat the olive oil in medium heat-proof skillet over medium-low heat with the clove of crushed garlic. Let the garlic infuse the oil while you thinly slice the potatoes and onion; then remove the garlic. Add the potatoes and onions to the skillet and season with rosemary and salt and pepper, to taste. Raise the heat a little and cook for 6 to 7 minutes. Turn the potato/onion mixture over and cook for 5 minutes more. In a large bowl, whisk the eggs and milk together. Add the egg mixture to the skillet and move them around and under the potatoes to settle them. Transf <END>
INPUT: American, cakes, sandwich bread, celery, scallions, loosely flat leaf, cod fillet
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fresh Cod Cakes | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 5 slices firm white sandwich bread; 1 large celery rib, cut into 2-inch pieces; 2 scallions, cut into 2-inch pieces; 1/4 cup loosely packed fresh flat-leaf parsley; 1 lb skinless cod fillet, any bones removed and fish coarsely chopped; 1 large egg, lightly beaten; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/4 teaspoon black pepper; 3 tablespoons vegetable oil; Accompaniment: tartar sauce and lemon wedges | INSTRUCTIONS: Tear bread into pieces and pulse to fine crumbs in a food processor. Transfer a scant cup of crumbs to a bowl for fish cakes and reserve remaining 1 1/2 cups in a shallow bowl for coating. Pulse celery and scallions in processor until coarsely chopped, then add parsley and pulse until finely chopped. Combine celery mixture with scant cup crumbs in bowl (for fish cakes). Pulse fish in processor until finely chopped (be careful not to process to a paste). Add fish to celery-crumb mixture along with egg, 1/4 teaspoon salt, and 1/8 teaspoon pepper, stirring until combined well. Season bread crumbs <END>
INPUT: American, unbaked fluted pie, sweet potatoes, unsalted butter, sugar, eggs
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sweet Potato Pie | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 9-inch unbaked fluted pie shell; 2 medium sweet potatoes, diced; 1 stick unsalted butter; 1 cup sugar; 2 large eggs, beaten; 1/4 cup buttermilk; 1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 325 degrees. Place the potatoes in cold water, bring to a boil and cook until tender, 15-20 minutes. Drain, and mash the potatoes while hot with the butter and sugar. Let this mixture cool slightly and stir in the beaten eggs, buttermilk and vanilla. Bake 45 minutes to one hour, or until set. TIP: SWEET POTATO STARS Peel sweet potatoes and slice 1/2-inch thick. With a star cutter, stamp our shapes. Lightly brush with oil and arrange on a cookie sheet. Bake in a preheated 375 degree oven for 20 to 30 minutes or until tender. <END>
INPUT: etouffee, curried, shrimp, Spice Hunter® Cajun, Kosher salt, unsalted butter, all purpose flour
OUTPUT: TITLE: Shrimp Etouffee with Curried Rice | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound extra-large shrimp (about 24), peeled and deveined; 3 tablespoons The Spice Hunter® Cajun Creole Blend; Kosher salt; 5 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1/4 cup all-purpose flour; 1 yellow onion, diced; 1 green bell pepper, diced; 2 celery stalks, diced; 2 garlic cloves, minced; 1 (14.5-ounce) can fire-roasted crushed tomatoes; 2 bay leaves; 1/4 cup chopped fresh flat-leaf parsley leaves, plus more for serving; 1 1/2 cups long-grain Carolina white rice; 1 tablespoon The Spice Hunter® Curry Seasoning | INSTRUCTIONS: Toss the shrimp with 1 tablespoon The Spice Hunter® Cajun Creole Blend and a pinch of salt. Refrigerate until ready to use. Melt 4 tablespoons butter in a large Dutch oven set over medium heat. Add the flour and stir continuously to make a roux. Stir the roux over medium heat until the color of peanut butter, 2 to 3 minutes. Add the onions, bell pepper, celery, and garlic to the roux, and cook, stirring often, until softened, about 10 minutes. Add the remaining 2 tablespoons The Spice Hunter® Cajun Creole Blend and cook, stirring, for 1 minute. Add the tomatoes, bay leaves, and a generous pinc <END>
INPUT: lasagne, allspice, lamb, ready made plain, milk mozzarella
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lamb and Polenta "Lasagne" | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 (14- to 15-ounce) cans stewed tomatoes; 1/2 plus 1/8 teaspoon ground allspice; 1 pound ground lamb (not lean); 1 pound ready-made plain polenta (in a plastic-wrapped roll); 1/2 pound whole-milk mozzarella, coarsely grated (about 1 cup) | INSTRUCTIONS: Put oven rack in middle position and preheat oven to 400°F. Drain 1 can tomatoes, reserving juice, then roughly break up tomatoes into 1/2-inch pieces with a spoon if necessary. Purée second can of tomatoes, including juice, with reserved juice (from other can), 1/4 teaspoon salt, and 1/8 teaspoon allspice in a blender until smooth. Transfer tomato sauce to a 2-quart heavy saucepan and boil, uncovered, stirring occasionally, until reduced to about 1/2 cup, about 20 minutes. Remove from heat. Heat a dry 12-inch heavy skillet over moderate heat until hot, then brown lamb with 1/2 teaspoon salt,  <END>
INPUT: American, salad, topper, smoky bacon, flat iron sirloin, garlic, virgin olive oil, rosemary
OUTPUT: TITLE: Steak with Tomato-Bacon Salad Topper | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 8 slices smoky bacon; 4 flat iron or sirloin steaks, 8 ounces each; 2 large garlic cloves, halved; Extra-virgin olive oil, for drizzling, plus 3 tablespoons; 2 sprigs rosemary, leaves chopped; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 pints cherry tomatoes or multi-colored baby heirloom tomatoes, halved or quartered; 1/2 small red onion, chopped; 1 cup shredded basil leaves; 2 cups baby arugula; Parmigiano-Reggiano, for shaving | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat oven to 375 degrees F. Arrange the bacon on a slotted broiler pan or a baking rack set over a baking sheet. Bake until crisp. Remove from the oven to paper towels to drain. Reserve. While the bacon cooks, heat a grill pan or outdoor grill to medium-high. Rub the steaks on both sides with the cut garlic cloves and dress with a drizzle of extra-virgin olive oil, chopped rosemary, and salt and pepper, to taste. In a large bowl combine the tomatoes, onions, basil and the remaining 3 tablespoons of extra-virgin olive oil. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Grill the steaks for 5 minutes on <END>
INPUT: salad, olive oil, fennel seeds, pepper, uncooked shrimp, bamboo skewers
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spinach Salad with Shrimp, Fennel and Bacon-Balsamic Vinaigrette | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 8 tablespoons olive oil; 1 tablespoon fennel seeds, crushed; 1 teaspoon dried crushed red pepper; 1 3/4 pounds uncooked large shrimp, peeled, deveined; 12 bamboo skewers, soaked 30 minutes in water; 2 fennel bulbs (about 12 ounces total), fronds chopped, bulbs cut into 1/3-inch-thick wedges; 2 6-ounce packages baby spinach leaves; 2 cups chopped seeded peeled tomatoes; Bacon-Balsamic Vinaigrette | INSTRUCTIONS: Mix 6 tablespoons oil, fennel seeds and crushed red pepper in small bowl. Thread shrimp onto skewers. Place on rimmed baking sheet. Pour oil mixture over; turn to coat. Sprinkle with salt and pepper. Cover and refrigerate 30 minutes. Prepare barbecue (medium-high heat). Brush fennel wedges with 2 tablespoons oil. Sprinkle with salt and pepper. Grill fennel until golden, about 3 minutes per side. Transfer to large bowl. Grill shrimp until opaque in center, about 2 minutes per side. Transfer shrimp to plate; tent with foil. Add spinach and tomatoes to fennel. Toss with enough vinaigrette to coat <END>
INPUT: Asian, soy sauce, garlic, Asian sesame oil, chicken breast halves, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken Fried Rice with Fermented Black Beans | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons soy sauce; 2 tablespoons minced garlic; 1 teaspoon Asian sesame oil; 2 skinless boneless chicken breast halves (about 3/4 pound total); 1 red onion; 1 large red bell pepper; 1/2 pound snow peas; 3 tablespoons fermented black beans; 2 1/2 tablespoons corn or safflower oil; 1 tablespoon chicken broth; 3 tablespoons soy sauce; 1 1/2 tablespoons Chinese rice wine or sake; 1 1/2 teaspoons sugar; 5 cups chilled Chinese-style white or brown rice; 2 tablespoons minced garlic | INSTRUCTIONS: Make marinade: In a small bowl stir together marinade ingredients. Add chicken to marinade, turning it to coat. Marinate chicken at room temperature while preparing vegetables. Cut onion and bell pepper into 1/4-inch dice. Trim snow peas and cut crosswise into 1/4-inch slices. Rinse black beans and mince. Remove chicken from marinade and pat dry. Discard marinade. In a heavy non-stick skillet heat 1/2 tablespoon corn or safflower oil over moderately high heat until hot but not smoking and sauté chicken until browned on bottom, about 4 minutes. Turn chicken over and cook over moderate heat 6 mi <END>
INPUT: Zinfandel, Bosc pears, vanilla beans, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Zinfandel Poached Pears | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups Zinfandel; 2 Bosc pears, stemmed, cored, and cut in 1/2 lengthwise; 3 vanilla beans; 1/2 cup brown sugar; 3 whole cloves; 4 teaspoons low-fat sour cream | INSTRUCTIONS: Place all ingredients, except sour cream, in a small saucepan and bring to a low simmer over medium heat. Simmer, uncovered, for 30 minutes or until pears are tender when pierced with a pairing knife or skewer. <END>
INPUT: cured, chicken, garlic, oregano leaves, rosemary leaves, kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lemon-Cured Chicken | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 4-pound chicken, cut in half; 4 garlic cloves, crushed; 2 tablespoons fresh oregano leaves; 2 tablespoons fresh rosemary leaves; 4 teaspoons kosher salt; 1 tablespoon finely grated lemon zest; 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 10 sprigs thyme; 1 lemon, halved; 2 teaspoons raw or light brown sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: Rub chicken with garlic, oregano, rosemary, salt, lemon zest, and pepper. Place in a resealable plastic bag. Add thyme, seal bag, and chill at least 12 hours. Prepare grill for medium heat. Remove chicken from bag and grill, turning occasionally, until cooked through and an instant-read thermometer inserted into the thickest part of thigh registers 165°F, 30-40 minutes. Rub chicken with garlic, oregano, rosemary, salt, lemon zest, and pepper. Place in a resealable plastic bag. Add thyme, seal bag, and chill at least 12 hours. Prepare grill for medium heat. Remove chicken from bag and grill, tu <END>
INPUT: scarpariello, olive oil, hot sweet Italian, all purpose potatoes, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken and Sausage Scarpariello Arrabbiata | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 Tbsp. olive oil; 1 lb. boneless, skinless chicken thighs, cut into bite-sized pieces; 1 lb. hot or sweet Italian sausage links, cut into 1-inch pieces; 1 lb. all-purpose potatoes, peeled and cut into 1/4-inch-thick slices (about 2 potatoes); 1 large onion, thinly sliced; 1 small fennel bulb, trimmed and thinly sliced (optional); 1/4 cup red wine vinegar; 1 jar (7 oz.) roasted red peppers, drained and thinly sliced; 1 jar Bertolli® Arrabbiata Sauce | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat olive oil in deep 12-inch nonstick skillet or 5-quart saucepot and brown chicken and sausage over medium-high heat. Remove chicken and sausage and set aside. Cook potatoes, onion and fennel in same skillet over medium-high heat, stirring occasionally, 10 minutes or until vegetables are tender and starting to brown. Stir in vinegar and roasted red peppers and cook 1 minute. Stir in Sauce and bring to a boil over high heat. Reduce heat to low, then return chicken and sausage to skillet. Simmer covered, stirring occasionally, 40 minutes or until chicken is thoroughly cooked. Garnish, if desi <END>
INPUT: American, cheese, sammies, butter, English muffins, brick sharp Cheddar
OUTPUT: TITLE: English Muffin Grilled Cheese Sammies | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 stick butter, softened; 4 English muffins, split; 1/2 pound brick extra-sharp white Cheddar, sliced (recommended: Cabot) | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat a griddle over medium-low heat. Spread the butter on the outsides of the split muffins. Divide the cheese among the 4 muffin bottoms. Cover with the muffin tops, buttered sides out. Griddle the muffins until deeply golden and the cheese glues the top and the bottom together, about 3 to 4 minutes on each side. Transfer to serving plates and serve hot. <END>
INPUT: Indian, crusted, chutney, apricots, lemon peel, grain mustard, olive oil, wine vinegar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Almond Crusted Cod with Apricot Chutney | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup dried apricots, diced; One 2-inch lemon peel; 4 teaspoons whole-grain mustard; 1 tablespoon olive oil; 2 teaspoons white wine vinegar; Pinch ground black pepper; Kosher salt; 1 tablespoon unsalted almond butter; 1/2 teaspoon olive oil; Four 6-ounce cod fillets; 3/4 teaspoon kosher salt; 1/4 teaspoon ground black pepper; 3/4 cup sliced, blanched almonds | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. For the chutney: Combine the apricots, lemon peel and 1/2 cup water in a small saucepan set over high heat. Cook until most of the water is absorbed, about 5 minutes. Stir in the mustard, oil, vinegar and pepper. Season with salt. Remove from the heat and reserve until ready to serve. For the cod: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F and move a rack to the middle of the oven. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper. Stir the almond butter and olive oil together in a small bowl until smooth. Sprinkle the cod with the salt and pepper. Rub one-quarter of the almond bu <END>
INPUT: Italian, tuscan, mignonette, piece pancetta, wine vinegar, shallots, peppercorns, basil leaves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tuscan Wood-Grilled Oysters with Crispy Pancetta-Tomato-Basil Mignonette | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1/2-inch-thick piece pancetta, finely diced; 1/2 cup red wine vinegar; 2 tablespoons finely diced shallots; 1/2 teaspoon coarsely ground black peppercorns; 8 fresh basil leaves, finely chopped; 2 plum tomatoes, seeded and finely diced; Kosher salt; 24 assorted oysters (East and West Coast), soaked in water and scrubbed well; Fresh flat-leaf parsley leaves, for garnish; Extra-virgin olive oil, for drizzling; Special equipment: 2 cups pecan wood chips, soaked in water for at least 2 hours | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Put the pancetta in a cast-iron skillet and cook over medium-high heat until crisp and the fat is rendered. Remove to a paper towel-lined plate. While the pancetta cooks, combine the vinegar, shallots, peppercorns, basil, tomatoes and season with salt. Prepare the charcoal grill using a chimney starter filled with charcoal briquettes. When the coals are red hot and begin to turn grey, add the soaked wood chips evenly over the top of the coals. Grip each oyster, flat-side up, in a folded kitchen towel. Find the small opening between the shells near the hinge and p <END>
INPUT: panna, cotta, gelatin, heavy cream, roasted hazelnuts, semisweet chocolate
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate Hazelnut Panna Cotta | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 sheets gelatin; 1 quart heavy cream; 1 (13-ounce) jar chocolate hazelnut spread (recommended: Nutella); Chopped roasted hazelnuts, for garnish; Grated semisweet chocolate, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Put the gelatin sheets into a bowl of cold water and let them soak while you heat the cream. Combine the heavy cream and chocolate hazelnut spread in a medium saucepan and put it over medium-high heat. Bring it to a boil and then remove it from the heat. Squeeze the excess water out of the gelatin and add it to the warm cream. Stir well to make sure the gelatin is dissolved. Pour the mixture into small bowls and refrigerate, covered, overnight or at least 4 hours. When you are ready to serve, garnish with the chopped hazelnuts and grated chocolate. Sweet! <END>
INPUT: salad, plum tomatoes, onion, Kirby cucumber, drizzle virgin olive, splashes wine vinegar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tomato, Onion, and Cucumber Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 5 medium plum tomatoes, halved lengthwise, seeded, and thinly sliced; 1/4 red onion, peeled, halved lengthwise, and thinly sliced; 1 Kirby cucumber, halved lengthwise and thinly sliced; A generous drizzle of extra-virgin olive oil, about 2 tablespoons; 2 splashes red wine vinegar; Coarse salt and black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Dress the tomatoes, onions, and cucumber with olive oil, red wine vinegar, salt, and pepper. Let stand while you prepare dinner, about 20 minutes. Re-toss and serve salad with crusty bread for mopping up juices and oil. <END>
INPUT: American, cheese, Vegetable oil, Kosher salt, olive oil, manicotti pasta tubes, applewood smoked bacon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Bacon and Cheese Manicotti | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: Vegetable oil cooking spray; Kosher salt; 1 tablespoon olive oil; 8 manicotti pasta tubes; 9 slices applewood smoked bacon, cut into 1/2-inch pieces; One 10-ounce package frozen chopped spinach, thawed and drained; One 15-ounce container whole milk ricotta, at room temperature; 1/3 cup freshly grated Parmesan, at room temperature; 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 1/4 teaspoon ground nutmeg; 1 large egg, at room temperature; 2/3 cup heavy whipping cream; 1/3 cup whole milk; 1 tablespoon all-purpose flour; 1/4 teaspoon kosher salt | INSTRUCTIONS: For the manicotti: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Spray a 9- by 11-inch oval or rectangle baking dish with vegetable oil cooking spray. Bring a large pot of boiling salted water to a boil over medium-high heat. Add the oil and pasta. Cook until just tender, but still firm to the bite, stirring occasionally, 5 to 7 minutes. Drain and cover with plastic wrap to prevent the pasta from drying out. In a large nonstick skillet, cook the bacon until crisp and brown, about 7 minutes. Drain on paper towels and set aside to cool. In a large bowl, add the cooled bacon, the spinach, ricotta, Parmesan, <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, salad, virgin olive oil, garlic, pepper, heirloom tomatoes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Shrimp, Tomato and Feta Salad | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: Extra-virgin olive oil; 4 cloves garlic, smashed; 1 pound (21/25) shrimp, peeled and deveined; Crushed red pepper; 1 pound heirloom tomatoes, cut in various shapes; 1/2 pound feta, crumbled; 1 pint assorted cherry tomatoes, cut in half; 1/2 English cucumber, peeled, seeded and medium diced; 1/2 red onion, thinly sliced; 1/2 bunch fresh oregano, finely chopped; Red wine vinegar; Kosher salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Coat a large saute pan with olive oil. Add 2 cloves garlic and a pinch crushed red pepper and bring to a high heat. When the garlic is golden brown and very aromatic, remove it from the pan and discard. Add the shrimp to the pan, sprinkle with salt and saute until the shrimp have turned pink and opaque, 3 to 4 minutes. Remove from the heat and cool. When the shrimp have cooled, cut them in half lengthwise and reserve. Toss together the tomatoes, feta, cucumbers and onions. Smash and finely chop the remaining 2 cloves garlic and add it to the veggies. Add the oregano and a pinch of crushed red  <END>
INPUT: Asian, meatballs, chicken, egg, panko, scallions, low sodium soy
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken Meatballs With Ginger and Miso | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 pound ground chicken; 1 large egg; 1/4 cup panko (Japanese breadcrumbs), or fresh breadcrumbs; 2 tablespoons sliced scallions; 2 teaspoons low-sodium soy sauce; 1 1/2 teaspoons white miso paste; 1 teaspoon finely grated ginger; 1/4 teaspoon kosher salt; Soy dipping sauce (such as Soy-Lime Dipping Sauce); Vegetable oil (for grill); 4 cups chicken broth or water; Kosher salt; 2 tablespoons vegetable oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine chicken, egg, panko, scallions, soy sauce, miso paste, ginger, and salt in a large bowl. Using your hands, roll mixture into 1" balls, packing firmly. Transfer balls to a rimmed baking sheet or large plate. Combine chicken, egg, panko, scallions, soy sauce, miso paste, ginger, and salt in a large bowl. Using your hands, roll mixture into 1" balls, packing firmly. Transfer balls to a rimmed baking sheet or large plate. For grilling: Divide soy dipping sauce between 2 bowls (half for serving and half for brushing meatballs while cooking). If using wooden skewers, soak 15 minutes. Thread  <END>
INPUT: American, munch, butter, chicken tenders, Parmesan, cheese crackers, chili powder
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cheese Munch Chicken | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 ounces butter; 1 pound chicken tenders; 1 cup grated Parmesan; 3 cups cheese crackers; 1/4 teaspoon chili powder; 1/4 cup fresh parsley, finely chopped; 1/4 cup fresh basil, finely chopped; 2 eggs; 1/4 cup milk or water | INSTRUCTIONS: Melt butter in 9 by 9 baking dish and set aside. Wash and dry chicken. Combine Parmesan, cheese crackers, and chili powder into large freezer bag. Crush these ingredients until they resemble course bread crumbs. Add parsley and basil. Preheat oven to 375 degrees F. In a shallow bowl, mix eggs and 1/4 cup of water or milk. Dip the chicken into the egg wash, transfer to the bag of breadcrumbs and shake until coated. Place coated tenders in baking dish. Cook 5 to 6 minutes on each side or until cooked through with no pink meat showing and the juices run clear when pierced with a fork. Serve with  <END>
INPUT: twists, soft, eggs, Dijon mustard, Kosher salt pepper, sheet puff pastry
OUTPUT: TITLE: Bacon-Cheddar Twists with Soft-Cooked Eggs | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Nonstick spray; 2 large eggs; 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 sheet frozen puff pastry, thawed but chilled; Flour, for rolling; 1/2 cup grated sharp white Cheddar; 12 strips bacon; Sesame seeds or poppy seeds, optional; 4 large eggs; Salt and pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: 4 egg cups; an egg topper, optional For the twists: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper and spray lightly with nonstick spray. Whisk together the eggs, mustard and a splash of water until smooth; sprinkle with salt and pepper. Set aside. Dust a work surface with flour and roll out the puff pastry to a 10-by-14-inch rectangle with the shorter side facing you. Spread the cheese over the top half of the dough, then fold the bottom half over the cheese half and roll lightly to seal. Cut the dough vertically into 12 even strips; each strip  <END>
INPUT: cannoli, cupcakes, all purpose flour, baking soda, salt, hot water, mayonnaise
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate Tangerine Cannoli Cupcakes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups all-purpose flour; 2 teaspoons baking soda; 3/4 teaspoon salt; 1 cup hot water; 3/4 cup mayonnaise; 1/3 cup cocoa powder; 1 cup granulated sugar; 1/2 cup chocolate chips; 3 cups ricotta cheese; 3/4 cup powdered sugar; 3 tangerines, zested; 1 cup heavy whipping cream; 1 1/4 cups chocolate chips; 3 tangerines; Granulated sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: For the cupcakes: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Line a mini cupcake pan with 24 mini cupcake liners or a regular-size cupcake pan with 12 cupcake liners. Sift the flour, baking soda and salt into a medium bowl. Set the bowl aside. In the bowl of an electric stand mixer with a paddle attachment, mix the water, mayonnaise and cocoa powder together. Add the granulated sugar and flour mixture and mix on medium speed for 2 minutes. Using a bowl scraper, fold in the chocolate chips. Fill the cupcake liners two-thirds full with batter and bake until golden and baked through, 25 to 35 minutes. Co <END>
INPUT: skewers, lemon juice, good olive oil, kosher salt, pepper, thyme leaves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Lemon Chicken Skewers with Satay Dip | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 cup freshly squeezed lemon juice (4 lemons); 3/4 cup good olive oil; 2 teaspoons kosher salt; 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 1 tablespoon minced fresh thyme leaves, or 1/2 teaspoon dried thyme; 2 pounds boneless chicken breasts, halved and skin removed; Satay Dip, recipe follows | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Whisk together the lemon juice, olive oil, salt, pepper, and thyme. Pour over the chicken breasts in a nonreactive bowl. Cover and marinate in the refrigerator for 6 hours or overnight. Heat a charcoal grill. Grill the chicken breasts for 10 minutes on each side, until just cooked through. Cool slightly and cut diagonally in 1/2-inch-thick slices. Skewer with wooden sticks and serve with Satay Dip. 1 tablespoon good olive oil 1 tablespoon dark sesame oil 2/3 cup small-diced red onion (1 small onion) 1 1/2 teaspoons minced garlic (2 cloves) 1 1/2 teaspoons minced  <END>
INPUT: Indian, chicken breasts, garlic, rum, vegetable oil, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Coconut Chicken Curry | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 4 chicken breasts, diced into 1/2-inch pieces; 3 cloves garlic, chopped; 1 tablespoon rum; 2 tablespoons vegetable oil; 1 onion, chopped; 1 tablespoon sliced lemongrass; 1/2 cup coconut milk; 1 tablespoon curry powder; 2 teaspoons sesame oil; 1 hot pepper, chopped, optional; Freshly chopped cilantro leaves, for garnish; Cooked rice, serving suggestion | INSTRUCTIONS: In shallow baking dish or bowl, combine chicken with garlic and rum and let marinate, covered, in the refrigerator for a few hours or overnight. In a medium-sized casserole or heavy pot, heat the oil over medium-high heat. Add the onions and lemongrass and saute until tender and fragrant, about 3 minutes, stirring occasionally. Add the chicken and saute until cooked through, about 4 to 5 minutes. Add coconut milk, curry powder, and sesame oil and heat through. Add hot pepper, if using. Serve with rice and garnish with freshly chopped cilantro. <END>
INPUT: apple cider vinegar, water, coarse kosher salt, sugar, strip lemon peel
OUTPUT: TITLE: Quick-Pickled Cherry Tomatoes with Dill | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 cup apple cider vinegar; 3/4 cup water; 4 teaspoons coarse kosher salt; 2 teaspoons sugar; 1 3 x 1/2-inch strip lemon peel (yellow part only, removed with vegetable peeler); 12 ounces cherry tomatoes, grape tomatoes, and/or pear tomatoes; 1/4 cup coarsely chopped fresh dill; 2 garlic cloves, thinly sliced; 1/4 teaspoon dried crushed red pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Pour vinegar and 3/4 cup water into small saucepan. Add salt, sugar, and lemon peel. Bring to boil, stirring to dissolve sugar and salt. Remove from heat. Let cool 20 minutes. Pierce each tomato 2 times with slender wooden skewer. Toss tomatoes, dill, garlic, and crushed red pepper in large bowl. Add cooled vinegar mixture. Let stand at room temperature at least 2 hours and up to 8 hours. Pour vinegar and 3/4 cup water into small saucepan. Add salt, sugar, and lemon peel. Bring to boil, stirring to dissolve sugar and salt. Remove from heat. Let cool 20 minutes. Pierce each tomato 2 times with  <END>
INPUT: roll, Hershey's® baking cocoa, espresso coffee powder, whipping cream, Hershey's® mini chips
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cup 'O Joe Chocolate Cookies | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 roll (16.5 oz) Pillsbury® refrigerated sugar cookies; 1/3 cup Hershey's® baking cocoa; 1 1/2 tablespoons instant espresso coffee powder or granules; 1/4 cup whipping cream; 1/3 cup Hershey's® mini chips semi-sweet chocolate | INSTRUCTIONS: Let cookie dough stand at room temperature 10 minutes to soften. Meanwhile, heat oven to 350 degrees F. In large bowl, mix cocoa, espresso powder and cream with wooden spoon until well blended. Crumble cookie dough into cocoa mixture; stir until well blended. Shape dough into 30 balls; place 2 inches apart on ungreased cookie sheets. Using bottom of drinking glass, flatten balls into 1 1/2-inch rounds. Press thumb into center of each round to make indentation. Fill each indention with 1/2 teaspoon of the chocolate chips. Bake 9 to 13 minutes or until edges of cookies are set. Cool on cookie sh <END>
INPUT: salad, vinaigrette, torn frisée, radicchio, Asian pears, wine vinegar, Dijon style mustard
OUTPUT: TITLE: Frisée, Radicchio, and Asian Pear Salad with Hazelnut Vinaigrette | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 8 cups torn frisée (French or Italian curly chicory, available at specialty produce markets), rinsed and spun dry; 1 head of radicchio (about 3/4 pound), separated into leaves, rinsed, spun dry, and shredded (about 6 cups); 2 Asian pears (available at specialty produce markets), cored and cut into 1/2-inch pieces; 3 tablespoons white-wine vinegar; 1 teaspoon Dijon-style mustard; 3 tablespoons hazelnut oil or walnut oil (available at specialty foods shops); 3 tablespoons olive oil; 1/4 cup hazelnuts, toasted and skinned (procedure follows) and chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: In a bowl combine the frisée, the radicchio, and the pears. In a small bowl whisk together the vinegar, the mustard, and salt and pepper to taste, add the oils in a stream, whisking, and whisk the dressing until it is emulsified. Toss the salad with the dressing, divide it among 8 salad plates, and sprinkle each serving with some of the hazelnuts. In a bowl combine the frisée, the radicchio, and the pears. In a small bowl whisk together the vinegar, the mustard, and salt and pepper to taste, add the oils in a stream, whisking, and whisk the dressing until it is emulsified. Toss the salad with  <END>
INPUT: Italian, gnocchi, waxy style potatoes, all purpose flour, egg yolks, fine salt, nutmeg
OUTPUT: TITLE: Potato Gnocchi with Pesto | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 4 large waxy-style potatoes (about 2 1/2 pounds), peeled and cut into sixths; 1-1/4 cups plus 2 tablespoons all-purpose flour; 2 large egg yolks; 1/2 teaspoon fine salt; Generous pinch freshly ground nutmeg; Freshly ground black pepper; 1/2 cup heavy cream; 1/2 Basil Pesto recipe (about 1/3 cup), recipe follows; 2 cups loosely packed basil leaves, washed and dried thoroughly; 2 tablespoons toasted pine nuts; 2 tablespoons freshly grated Parmesan; 1/4 teaspoon minced garlic; 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt; 1/4 cup plus 1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil; Freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: In a medium saucepan, place the potatoes and cover with cold salted water by 1 inch. Bring to a boil, lower the heat, and simmer, uncovered, until tender, about 10 minutes. Drain. Using a ricer, rice the potatoes onto a parchment-lined baking sheet in an even layer (don't pile the riced potatoes into mounds). Set aside to cool. Transfer the potatoes to a large bowl and, using a rubber spatula, gently mix in the flour, yolks, salt, nutmeg, and pepper until just combined and a soft dough is formed. Don't over mix the dough or the gnocchi will be unpleasantly dense. On a well-floured work surface <END>
INPUT: Asian, oxtails, greens, low salt chicken, onion, soy sauce, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Braised Oxtails with Star Anise and Chinese Greens | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 12 (2- to 2 1/2-inch-thick) oxtail pieces (about 4 1/2 pounds), fat trimmed; 2 cups low-salt chicken broth; 1 large onion, halved, thinly sliced; 1/2 cup soy sauce; 8 large garlic cloves, peeled; 8 whole star anise*; 6 (1/4-inch-thick) rounds fresh ginger; 3 tablespoons dark brown sugar; 1 tablespoon Chinese brown bean sauce (not ground)**; 12 to 18 yu choy, baby choy sum, or baby bok choy; Chopped green onions; *Brown star-shaped seedpods; available in the spice section of some supermarkets and at specialty foods stores and Asian markets; **Available at Asian markets | INSTRUCTIONS: Arrange oxtails in single layer in heavy large pot. Add next 8 ingredients, then enough water to cover oxtails by 1/2 inch; bring to boil. Reduce heat to low, partially cover, and simmer until very tender, adding more water by 1/2 cupfuls as needed to keep oxtails covered, about 3 hours. Cool slightly. Chill uncovered until cold, then cover and keep chilled at least 1 day and up to 3 days. Spoon off and discard fat from sauce. Rewarm oxtails over low heat. Transfer oxtails to large plate. Boil sauce just until reduced enough to coat spoon thinly (do not reduce too much or sauce may become salt <END>
INPUT: bread crumbs, very flat leaf, garlic, Salt pepper, olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Shrimp with Garlic and Toasted Bread Crumbs | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup fresh bread crumbs, made from Italian or French bread; 1/3 cup very finely chopped flat-leaf parsley; 1 large garlic clove, finely chopped; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; About 1/4 cup olive oil; 1 1/2 pounds large shrimp, peeled and deveined; Lemon wedges | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. Preheat the oven to 450°F. Lightly oil a large baking pan. 2. In a bowl, combine the bread crumbs, parsley, garlic, and salt and pepper to taste. Add 3 tablespoons oil, or enough to moisten the crumbs. 3. Arrange the shrimp in the pan in a single layer, curling each one into a circle. Spoon a little of the crumb mixture onto each shrimp. Drizzle with a little more oil. 4. Bake for 10 to 15 minutes, depending on the size of the shrimp, or until the shrimp turn pink and the crumbs are lightly browned. Serve with lemon wedges. 1. Preheat the oven to 450°F. Lightly oil a large baking pan. 2. In <END>
INPUT: heavy cream, semi sweet chocolate, unsweetened chocolate, unsalted butter, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate Orange Cake | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 quart heavy cream; 3 pounds semi-sweet chocolate; 32 ounces unsweetened chocolate; 2 pounds unsalted butter; 8 pounds brown sugar; 32 eggs; 3 tablespoons pure vanilla extract; 3 pounds 8 ounces cake flour; 4 tablespoons baking powder; 2 teaspoons salt; 8 cups sour cream; 8 cups boiling water; 4 tablespoons finely zested orange peel; 24 egg yolks; 4 cups milk | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large saucepan bring cream to the beginning of a boil. Remove from cook top. Add chocolate (in chunks). Stir until completely combined. Cool to room temperature before filling cakes. Set aside to cool.; Preheat oven to 325 degrees F. Butter and flour cake pans of choice. Melt chocolate and set aside to cool to room temperature. Beat butter and brown sugar until fluffy (about 4 minutes on medium). Add eggs and vanilla and continue to beat until thick and creamy (about 6 minutes on medium). Add chocolate on low and mix until combined. Wisk dry ingredients together. Add 1/3 dry ingredients a <END>
INPUT: American, bars, pecans, sugar, corn syrup, butter margarine
OUTPUT: TITLE: Quick Crescent Pecan Pie Bars | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 can (8 oz) Pillsbury(R) refrigerated crescent dinner rolls or 1 can (8 oz) Pillsbury(R); 1/2 cup chopped pecans; 1/2 cup sugar; 1/2 cup corn syrup; 1 tablespoon butter or margarine, melted; 1/2 teaspoon vanilla; 1 egg, beaten | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat oven to 350 degrees F. If using crescent rolls: Unroll dough; separate dough into 2 long rectangles. Place in ungreased 13x9-inch pan; press over bottom and 1/2 inch up sides to form crust. Firmly press perforations to seal. If using dough sheet: Unroll dough; cut into 2 long rectangles. Place in ungreased 13x9-inch pan; press over bottom and 1/2 inch up sides to form crust. Bake 8 minutes. Meanwhile, in medium bowl, mix filling ingredients. Pour filling over partially baked crust. Bake 18 to 22 minutes longer or until golden brown. Cool completely, about 1 hour. For bars, cut into 6 rows <END>
INPUT: loaf, carrots, unsalted butter, mushrooms, spinach, eggs
OUTPUT: TITLE: Carrot Loaf | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 pounds carrots, peeled and cut into 1/4 inch slices; 5 ounces unsalted butter; 1/4 pound mushrooms, sliced; 1/2 pound spinach, cleaned, with stems removed; 5 eggs; 4 ounces grated Swiss cheese; 1 teaspoon salt; 1 teaspoon freshly ground pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Saute the carrots slowly in 2 ounces of butter until tender. Chop coarsely and reserve in a large mixing bowl. Over high heat, saute the mushrooms in 1-ounce of butter for 2 minutes. Chop coarsely and add them to the carrots. Saute spinach in 1-ounce of butter. Chop coarsely and reserve separately. When the spinach is cool, add 1 egg and mix thoroughly. Beat together the remaining eggs and the cheese. Combine this mixture thoroughly with the carrots and mushrooms. Add salt and pepper. Taste and correct seasonings, if necessary. Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. Line the bottom of an 8 1/2 by 4 1/ <END>
INPUT: paillards, salad, virgin olive oil, lemon zest, lemon juice, garlic, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Salmon Paillards with Lettuce and Pea Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 3/4 teaspoon finely grated fresh lemon zest; 2 teaspoons fresh lemon juice; 1/4 teaspoon finely chopped garlic; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 1/4 teaspoon black pepper; 1 tablespoon heavy cream; 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh chives; 6 ounces sugar snap peas, trimmed and strings discarded (2 cups); 1/2 cup frozen baby peas (not thawed); 1 1/2 cups thinly sliced Boston lettuce (from 1 head); 4 (1/4-lb) pieces skinless center-cut salmon fillet (preferably wild) | INSTRUCTIONS: Stir together 2 tablespoons oil and 1/2 teaspoon zest in a bowl and set aside. Combine lemon juice, garlic, 1/8 teaspoon salt, 1/8 teaspoon pepper, and remaining 1/4 teaspoon zest in a small bowl, then add remaining 2 tablespoons oil in a slow stream, whisking until combined. Whisk in cream and chives. Blanch sugar snaps in a 3- to 4-quart saucepan of boiling salted water , uncovered, until crisp-tender, about 2 minutes. Transfer sugar snaps with a slotted spoon to a bowl of ice and cold water to stop cooking. Keep cooking water at a boil. Once sugar snaps are cool, pat dry between paper towel <END>
INPUT: caramel, cake, sugar, half half, butter, salt, vanilla extract
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pumpkin Caramel Skillet Cake with Maple Glaze | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 packed cup brown sugar; 1/4 cup half-and-half; 2 tablespoons butter; Pinch salt; 2 teaspoons vanilla extract; 1/2 cup butter (1 stick), at room temperature, plus additional for greasing the skillet; 2 1/2 cups all-purpose flour; 2 teaspoons pumpkin pie spice; 1 teaspoon baking powder; 1 teaspoon baking soda; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1 1/2 cups granulated sugar; 1 cup pure pumpkin filling (not pumpkin pie filling); 1 large egg; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract | INSTRUCTIONS: For the easy caramel sauce: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Mix the brown sugar, half-and-half, butter and salt in a saucepan over medium-low heat. Cook, whisking gently, until it thickens, about 5 minutes. Add the vanilla and cook to thicken further, 1 more minute. Remove from the heat and set aside to cool slightly. For the pumpkin cake: Grease the bottom and sides of a 12-inch skillet with butter or nonstick spray. In a large bowl, combine the flour, pumpkin pie spice, baking powder, baking soda and salt. Make a well in the center of the flour mixture and add in the butter, granulated su <END>
INPUT: cupquinoa, water, salt, turnip, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Butternut Squash, Turnip, and Green-Bean Quinoa | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2/3 cupquinoa; 1 1/3 cups water; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1 medium turnip; 1 large garlic clove; 4 scallions; 2 ounces green beans; 1 cup 1/3-inch cubes butternut squash | INSTRUCTIONS: In a sieve rinse quinoa under cold running water until water runs clear. In a small saucepan bring water to a boil with quinoa and salt and simmer mixture, covered, over moderately low heat until just cooked through, 5 to 10 minutes. Drain quinoa in sieve (do not rinse) and spread out on a plate to cool. Peel turnip and cut into 1/3-inch cubes. Mince garlic. Slice scallions thin on the diagonal and cut beans into 1/3-inch pieces. In a steamer set over 1 inch boiling water combine squash, turnip, and garlic and steam vegetables, covered, 7 minutes, or until almost tender. Add beans, quinoa, and <END>
INPUT: Mexican, burritos, rice, garlic, Kosher salt pepper, rotisserie chicken
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken and Bean Burritos | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup brown rice; 2 cloves garlic; 1 smashed, 1 minced; Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper; 1/2 pound (about 2 cups) frozen diced butternut squash, thawed; 1 cup shredded rotisserie chicken, skin removed; 1 15-ounce can black beans; 1 cup grape tomatoes; 1/2 cup fresh cilantro; 1/4 cup pickled jalapeno peppers, plus 2 tablespoons pickling liquid; 4 8-inch whole-wheat tortillas, warmed; 1/2 cup shredded reduced-fat cheddar cheese; 1 avocado, sliced; Plain low-fat yogurt or sour cream, for serving (optional) | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat a medium skillet over high heat. Add the rice and smashed garlic and cook, stirring, until fragrant, 2 to 3 minutes. Add 1 cup water, season with salt and pepper and bring to a boil. Add the squash and reduce the heat to low; cover and simmer, undisturbed, about 25 minutes. Sprinkle the chicken over the rice mixture, cover and remove from the heat. Meanwhile, make the bean salsa: Drain and rinse the beans, quarter the tomatoes and chop the cilantro and jalapenos. Toss with the pickling liquid and minced garlic in a bowl. Season with salt and pepper. Stir the chicken-rice mixture and spoon <END>
INPUT: Asian, spring, rolls, sugar, ketchup, rice wine vinegar, Sriracha, cornstarch
OUTPUT: TITLE: Shrimp Spring Rolls | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1/3 cup sugar; 1 1/2 teaspoons ketchup; 1 1/2 teaspoons rice wine vinegar; 1 1/2 teaspoons Sriracha; 3/4 teaspoon cornstarch; 1 tablespoons vegetable oil; 2 teaspoons grated ginger; 2 cloves garlic, minced; 1 cup finely chopped green cabbage; 1/2 carrot, shredded (about 1/2 cup packed); 6 ounces small shrimp, finely chopped; 3 scallions, thinly sliced on the diagonal; 2 tablespoons mirin; 1 tablespoons soy sauce; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: a deep-fry thermometer For the sauce: Whisk together 1/3 cup water, the sugar, ketchup, vinegar, Sriracha and cornstarch in a small saucepan over medium-high heat, and bring to a boil. Remove from the heat when the sauce begins to thicken, 30 to 45 seconds. Let cool. For the spring rolls: Meanwhile, heat a large skillet or wok over medium-high heat. Add the oil, ginger and garlic, and cook, stirring constantly, until aromatic, about 30 seconds. Add the cabbage and carrots, and cook, stirring, until wilted, about 1 minute. Add the shrimp, scallions, mirin, soy sauce, 1/4 teas <END>
INPUT: American, Cheddar, Pepper Jack, cream cheese, pimentos, Kosher salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pimento Cheese Dip | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup grated Cheddar; 1 cup grated Pepper Jack; 4 ounces cream cheese; 3 tablespoons pimentos; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1/4 cup mayonnaise | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Add the Cheddar and Pepper Jack to a bowl with the cream cheese. Add in the pimentos and salt and pepper to taste. Using a hand mixer, begin to blend together. Add in the mayonnaise and continue mixing until creamy. <END>
INPUT: olive oil, garlic, pepper flakes, panko
OUTPUT: TITLE: Strozzapreti with Spinach and Preserved Lemon | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons olive oil; 8 tablespoons (1 stick) unsalted butter, divided; 1 garlic clove, crushed; 1/2 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, divided; 3/4 cup panko (Japanese breadcrumbs); 1 teaspoon finely grated lemon zest; Kosher salt, freshly ground pepper; 12 ounces fresh strozzapreti or other fresh or dried pasta; 2 bunches flat-leaf spinach, trimmed, large leaves torn in half (about 8 cups), divided; 1 tablespoon (or more) fresh lemon juice; 1 tablespoon (or more) thinly sliced preserved lemon peel | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat oil and 2 tablespoons butter in a large skillet over medium heat until butter is foaming. Add garlic and 1/4 teaspoon red pepper flakes; cook, stirring often, until fragrant, about 1 minute. Add panko and cook, stirring often, until panko is golden brown, about 2 minutes. Mix in lemon zest and transfer panko to a paper towel-lined plate; season with salt and pepper. Let cool; set aside. Wipe out skillet. Cook pasta in a large pot of boiling salted water, stirring occasionally, until al dente (about 5 minutes for fresh pasta). Drain. Meanwhile, heat remaining 6 tablespoons butter in same s <END>
INPUT: unsalted butter, shallots, celery, thyme, Kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lentils with Fried Eggs | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons unsalted butter; 4 large shallots, finely chopped; 3 stalks celery, finely chopped; 3 sprigs thyme; Kosher salt; 1/4 cup red wine vinegar; 1 1/2 teaspoons sugar; 1 14-ounce can diced fire-roasted tomatoes; 1 15-ounce can brown lentils; 2 teaspoons dijon mustard; Freshly ground pepper; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley; 4 large eggs; Pocketless pita, for serving (optional) | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat 1 tablespoon butter in a Dutch oven or deep skillet over medium-high heat. Add the shallots, celery, thyme and 1/2 teaspoon salt and cook, stirring occasionally, until starting to brown, 5 minutes. Add the vinegar, 1/4 cup water and the sugar and cook until almost evaporated, about 5 minutes. Add the tomatoes and increase the heat to high; cook, stirring, 3 minutes. Add the lentils and 1 cup water. Bring to a simmer, then reduce the heat to medium and cook until the lentils are soft, about 10 minutes. Stir in the mustard and cook 5 more minutes. Season with salt and pepper; discard the th <END>
INPUT: packet Rich Milk, fat free milk, eggnog, nutmeg, Cinnamon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate Eggnog | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 packet Rich Milk Chocolate Flavor Carnation Breakfast Essentials® Complete Nutritional Drink; 2/3 cup fat free milk; 1/3 cup eggnog; Ground nutmeg; Cinnamon stick | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine milk, eggnog and Carnation Breakfast Essentials® Drink in large mug; stir well. Sprinkle with nutmeg. Serve with cinnamon stick. <END>
INPUT: soup, unsalted butter, onion, garlic, Salt pepper, asparagus
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cream of Asparagus Soup | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 stick unsalted butter; 1/2 onion, chopped, (about 1/2 cup); 1 clove garlic, crushed; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 pounds asparagus, ends trimmed and cut into 1-inch pieces; 6 cups chicken stock; 1 pint sour cream, room temperature; 2 teaspoons Hungarian hot paprika, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Melt butter in a large saucepan over medium-high heat. Add onion and garlic, and saute 5 minutes. Season with salt and pepper. Add asparagus and saute another 4 minutes. Add the chicken stock and bring to a boil. Reduce to simmer and cook for 30 minutes, until asparagus is very tender. *Carefully transfer to a blender and puree until smooth. Return to saucepan, stir in sour cream and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Transfer to serving bowls. Dust with paprika and serve. *When blending hot liquids: Remove liquid from the heat and allow to cool for at least  <END>
INPUT: pancakes, russet potatoes, onion, egg, baking powder, all purpose flour
OUTPUT: TITLE: Potato Pancakes with Mango Serrano Creme Fraiche and Smoked Trout | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 large russet potatoes, peeled; 1/2 medium onion, finely chopped; 1 large egg, lightly beaten; 1/4 teaspoon baking powder; 2 to 3 tablespoons all-purpose flour; 1 tablespoon finely chopped cilantro; Salt and pepper; Vegetable oil, for frying; Mango Serrano Creme Fraiche, recipe follows; 1/2 pound skinned and boned smoked trout, flaked; Cilantro leaves; 1 cup creme fraiche; 1/2 ripe mango, peeled, pitted and finely diced; 2 serrano peppers, roasted, peeled and finely diced; 3 tablespoons finely chopped red onion | INSTRUCTIONS: Finely grate the potatoes on a hand grater. Place in batches into a clean kitchen towel and squeeze out as much liquid as possible, place in a large bowl. Add the onion, beaten egg, baking powder, flour, and cilantro, and mix to combine. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Heat 1/4 cup of vegetable oil in a large cast iron skillet until almost smoking. Drop potato mixture into the skillet 1 heaping tablespoon at a time and smooth the tops with the back of a spoon to 1 1/2-inches in diameter. Fry over moderate heat, turning them once with a spatula for 3 to 4 minutes on each side, or until g <END>
INPUT: Asian, bacon, garlic, stemmed shiitake mushrooms, chicken broth, soy sauce
OUTPUT: TITLE: Shrimp Ramen | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 8 ounces bacon, chopped; 5 garlic cloves, thinly sliced; 2 cups sliced stemmed shiitake mushrooms (about 6 ounces); 7 cups chicken broth; 1 teaspoon soy sauce; 1 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce; 2 (3-ounce) packages ramen noodles, flavor packets discarded; 12 ounces peeled and deveined medium shrimp, halved lengthwise (about 20 shrimp); 2 tablespoons 1-inch-long pieces chives | INSTRUCTIONS: COOK THE AROMATICS: Put the bacon in a cold medium saucepan and cook over medium-high heat, stirring occasionally, until golden, about 6 minutes. Remove all but 3 tablespoons of the bacon fat from the pan. Stir in the garlic and cook until golden, about 3 minutes. Stir in the shiitakes and cook until well browned, about 6 minutes more. MAKE THE BROTH: Stir in the chicken broth, soy sauce, and Worcestershire and bring to a boil. Stir in the ramen noodles and boil until tender, about 2 minutes. ADD THE SHRIMP AND SERVE: Remove the broth from the heat and stir in the shrimp. Let stand until the s <END>
INPUT: Mexican, irons, fire, Anaheim peppers, scallions, garlic, cilantro, limes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Irons in the Fire Beef Tenderloin | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 6 Anaheim peppers, washed with stems and seeds removed; 8 scallions, white and tender green parts only; 2 cloves garlic, minced; 1/4 cup packed fresh cilantro, chopped; 8 limes, juiced; 1 cup olive oil; Salt and Pepper; 1 whole fillet (beef tenderloin), about 5 pounds; 6 ounces (10 tablespoons) unsalted butter, melted; Salt and Pepper; 1 baguette loaf; 1/4 cup olive oil; 2 teaspoons garlic powder | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat the grill. Place the peppers on the grill until the skins are charred then, using tongs, transfer them to a plastic bag to rest and peel them when cool. Place the whole fillet on a utility platter, brush with melted butter, and season with salt and pepper. Sear filet on all sides on hot part of the grill. Move to indirect for medium rare. Alternatively you can sear the fillet in a pan with oven safe handles and transfer pan to a preheated 425 degree F oven for about 30 minutes to reach the same internal temperature. Allow meat to rest before slicing. (On the episode we skewered the beef t <END>
INPUT: whole, soy sauce, lemon juice, olive oil, Japanese eggplants, katsuobushi
OUTPUT: TITLE: Whole Grilled Japanese Eggplant with Lemon and Soy Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons soy sauce; 4 teaspoons lemon juice; 2 teaspoons olive oil; 4 Japanese eggplants (about 1 pound); 1/4 cup katsuobushi, dried, shaved bonito flakes (a type of tuna), optional | INSTRUCTIONS: Whisk together the soy sauce, lemon juice, and olive oil in a bowl to make the dressing; set aside. Score the stem end of each eggplant, making a circular cut in the skin (this will make the eggplant easier to peel). Poke a few holes into the eggplants with a skewer or fork to allow steam to escape as they grill. Preheat a grill to medium. Grill for about 8 minutes, turning the eggplants a quarter turn every 2 minutes. Try to grill the eggplant all around. Test the eggplants for doneness by pressing against their sides with a pair of tongs. If the eggplants give easily, they're ready. Transfer <END>
INPUT: Italian, cured, spiced, apple cider, water, sugar, kosher salt, coriander seeds
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pork Loin Cured in Spiced Apple Cider with Ricotta Gnocchi, Braised Lettuce, and Corn | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 quart apple cider; 5 quarts water; 1/2 cup sugar; 1/4 cup kosher salt; 1 tablespoon toasted coriander seeds; 1 tablespoon toasted fennel seeds; 1 teaspoon chili flakes; 1 tablespoon black peppercorns; 3 large sprigs fresh thyme; One 4- to 5-pound pork loin, boned and trimmed of any excess fat; 2 heads butter lettuce, trimmed of large outer leaves; 4 ears corn, kernels removed; 4 firm apples, peeled, cored and cut into 8 wedges; 1 tablespoon butter; 4 tablespoons plus 2 tablespoons unsalted butter | INSTRUCTIONS: For the brine: Combine all the ingredients for the brine in a large non-reactive pot. Bring to a simmer and remove from heat. Allow to steep for 30 minutes, then cool in an ice bath. Place the pork loin in a container large enough to submerge it and pour the cooled brine over the pork. Make sure the entire loin is submerged, use a heavy plate, if necessary. Cover the container and place in the refrigerator at least 24 hours and up to 48 hours to cure. Remove the pork from the brine, discard liquid. Dry the pork loin with a cloth and cut the loin into 8 (8-ounce) fillets. (You may alternately r <END>
INPUT: apple juice, firmly dark sugar, unsalted butter, Bosc pears, Vanilla ice cream
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Pears with Brown Sugar and Vanilla Ice Cream | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/3 cup apple juice; 1/3 cup firmly packed dark brown sugar; 3 tablespoons unsalted butter; 3 firm Bosc pears, peeled, halved, cored (about 1 pound); Vanilla ice cream, for serving | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Arrange the pears cut side up in an 8-inch square glass baking dish. Whisk the apple juice and sugar in a small heavy saucepan over medium-high heat until the sugar dissolves. Whisk in the butter. Pour the sauce over the pears. Bake until the pears are crisp-tender and beginning to brown, basting occasionally with the juices, about 35 minutes. Spoon the pears onto plates. Top with ice cream. Drizzle with any juices and serve. The pears can also be served frozen. To do so, cool the pears, then place them in the freezer until frozen solid, about 8 hours. <END>
INPUT: bangers, mash, shrimp, lobster meat, garlic, parsley, tarragon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Shrimp and Lobster Bangers and Mash | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound shrimp, peeled and deveined, 30 to 40 count; 4 ounces lobster meat, cooked; 3 cloves garlic, split; 1 teaspoon chopped fresh parsley; 1 teaspoon chopped fresh tarragon; 1 teaspoon seafood seasoning; 3/4 teaspoon sea salt; Pinch ground white pepper; Pinch freshly grated nutmeg; 1 egg white, whisked to medium peaks; Juice of 1 lemon; 1 tablespoon grapeseed oil; 50 inches pork casing, soaked in warm water; 6 large Idaho potatoes, peeled and cut into 1-inch chunks, stored in water until cooking; 1/4 pound (1 stick) unsalted butter, at room temperature | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. For the bangers: Using a meat grinder or food mill, grind the shrimp, lobster and garlic together into a large bowl. Then add the parsley, tarragon, seafood seasoning, salt, pepper, nutmeg, egg white and lemon juice to the bowl. Mix well with a spoon, ensuring not to over mix. TIP: Take a small bit of the mix and put it in boiling water for a second, take it out and make sure the seasoning is good. If you need more salt or pepper, this is the time to do it, before you fill the casings. To prepare the sausages, poke a small hole at the end of your casing, and then <END>
INPUT: tartlets, Shortcrust Pastry, dark chocolate, cream cheese, double cream, caster
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fresh Fruit Tartlets | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 ounces Shortcrust Pastry, recipe follows; 2 ounces dark chocolate, melted; 4 ounces cream cheese, at room temperature; 1 tablespoon double cream; 1/2 ounce caster (superfine) sugar; Vanilla essence; Fresh fruit (strawberries, raspberries, sliced peaches, etc.); Apricot jam or red currant jelly, melted and sieved, to glaze; 115g/4 ounces plain (all-purpose) flour; Salt; 25g/1 ounce butter; 25g/1 ounce lard; 1 tablespoon freshly grated Parmesan cheese (optional); Cold water | INSTRUCTIONS: Line tartlet tins with the pastry (use boat-shaped tins if you have them). Bake blind in a preheated oven at 375 degrees for 10 minutes. When cold, brush the inside of the tartlet cases with the melted chocolate and leave to harden. Mix together the cream cheese and double cream until very smooth, then add the sugar and vanilla essence. Fill the tartlet cases with the cream mixture and arrange the fruit on top. Brush with the apricot or red currant glaze, depending on the fruit used, and leave to set. Sift the flour and salt together and rub in the butter and lard until the mixture resembles b <END>
INPUT: jealous, cocktail, honey mixed peanut, Handful raspberries, Ice, raspberry vodka, raspberry liqueur
OUTPUT: TITLE: Peanut Butter and Jealous Cocktail | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon honey mixed with 1 tablespoon peanut butter; Handful raspberries; Ice; 2 ounces raspberry vodka; 1 ounce raspberry liqueur; 4 ounces cranberry juice; 1 triangle peanut butter sandwich for perching on the rim | INSTRUCTIONS: Rim the serving glass in the peanut butter-honey mixture. Next, muddle raspberries at the bottom of the glass and add ice. Pour in vodka, raspberry liqueur and cranberry juice and stir. Garnish with triangle of peanut butter sandwich sliced and wedged on the rim, and toast to the fact that snack time is much more fun as a grown-up. <END>
INPUT: raspberry, packages raspberries syrup, sugar, vodka, orange
OUTPUT: TITLE: Raspberry Vodka | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 10-ounce packages frozen raspberries in syrup, thawed; 3 tablespoons sugar; 2 cups vodka; 1 orange | INSTRUCTIONS: Place raspberries in strainer set over large bowl. Let stand 10 minutes (do not mash berries). Transfer juice to medium saucepan. Add sugar to juice; stir over low heat until sugar dissolves. Remove from heat. Stir in vodka. Pour vodka mixture into 6-cup jar or bottle. Add strained berries. Cut peel from orange. Cut white pith from peel; discard. Cut peel into 1/4-inch-wide strips. Add peel to vodka. Seal lid on container. Chill vodka at least 4 days and up to 3 months. Place raspberries in strainer set over large bowl. Let stand 10 minutes (do not mash berries). Transfer juice to medium sauce <END>
INPUT: Olive oil, pancetta, onions, Kosher salt, cremini mushrooms
OUTPUT: TITLE: Stuffed Mushrooms | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Olive oil; 4 ounces pancetta, cut into 1/4-inch dice; 2 onions, finely diced; Kosher salt; 1 pound cremini mushrooms, cleaned and stems removed, finely chopped and reserved; 2 tablespoon finely chopped fresh rosemary; 2 cloves garlic, smashed; 4 sweet Italian sausage links, casings removed; 1/2 cup breadcrumbs; 1 to 2 large eggs, lightly whisked | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Coat a large saute pan with olive oil, add the pancetta, and bring to medium-high heat. Cook the pancetta until it starts to brown and crisp on the edges, 6 to 8 minutes. Add the onions and season with salt. Continue cooking until the onions are soft and aromatic, about 5 minutes. Add the chopped mushroom stems, rosemary and garlic, and cook for another 2 to 3 minutes, stirring frequently. Remove from the heat and place in a mixing bowl to cool. Once cooled, add the sausage and breadcrumbs. Pour in 1 whisked egg and combine. Add another egg if the mixture is  <END>
INPUT: American, biscuits, all purpose flour, mustard, salt, baking powder, butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cheese Biscuits | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 3/4 cups all purpose flour; 1/4 teaspoon dry mustard; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 2 teaspoons baking powder; 4 tablespoons butter, cut into pieces, chilled; 1 cup shredded extra sharp Cheddar cheese; About 2/3 cup of milk | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees. In a food processor mix the flour, mustard, salt and baking powder. Add the butter and process until the butter is pebble in sized pieces. Add the cheese and process. Add almost all of the milk and process until it comes together in a soft dough; do not overprocess. If dough is dry, add more milk. Pat the dough out to 1/2inch thickness. Cut into square shaped biscuits or with a cutter or glass cut into 2 1/2-inch rounds. Set on a baking sheet and bake for 15 to 17 minutes. <END>
INPUT: blueberry, johnnycakes, cornmeal, all purpose flour, sugar, baking powder, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Blueberry Johnnycakes with Maple Syrup | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups yellow cornmeal; 1 cup all purpose flour; 1/2 cup sugar; 1 tablespoon baking powder; 3/4 teaspoon salt; 1/2 cup (stick) chilled butter, diced; 1 1/2 cups milk; 3 large eggs; 2 cups frozen blueberries, unthawed; Warm maple syrup | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 400°F. Butter bottom of 13x9x2-inch baking pan. Mix first 5 ingredients in processor. Add butter and cut in, using on/off turns, until mixture resembles coarse meal. Beat milk and eggs in large bowl to blend. Stir in cornmeal mixture. Mix in blueberries. Transfer batter to prepared pan. Bake until tester inserted into center of corn bread comes out clean, about 25 minutes. Cut into large squares and serve warm with maple syrup. Preheat oven to 400°F. Butter bottom of 13x9x2-inch baking pan. Mix first 5 ingredients in processor. Add butter and cut in, using on/off turns, until m <END>
INPUT: American, meringue, round refrigerated pie, blanched almonds, McIntosh Braeburn apples, sugar, unsalted butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Apple Meringue Pie | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 round refrigerated pie dough (half of a 14-ounce package); 1/4 cup sliced blanched almonds; 6 McIntosh or Braeburn apples, peeled and chopped; 11 tablespoons sugar; 4 tablespoons unsalted butter; 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract; 3 large egg whites, at room temperature; Pinch of salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Line a 9-inch pie plate with the dough; crimp the edges. Pierce the bottom all over with a fork, then refrigerate 15 minutes. Line the crust with foil and fill with pie weights or dried beans. Place on a baking sheet and bake until set, about 7 minutes. Remove the foil and weights; continue baking until golden, about 6 more minutes. Transfer to a rack to cool. Meanwhile, spread the almonds on a baking sheet and bake until golden, about 8 minutes. Combine the apples, 5 tablespoons sugar, the butter, lemon juice and vanilla in a saucepan; cover and cook over me <END>
INPUT: Italian, unsalted butter, garlic, basil leaves, panko bread crumbs, Parmesan
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pesto Mac and Goat Cheese | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, plus extra for baking dish; 1 clove garlic, minced; 2 tablespoons finely chopped basil leaves; 3/4 cup panko bread crumbs; 1 3/4 cups Parmesan; 1 pound mini pasta shells; 2 cups half-and-half; 16 ounces goat cheese; 1/2 cup pesto sauce, store-bought or home-made; 1 1/2 teaspoons kosher salt; 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Butter a 2 quart baking dish. Preheat the broiler and arrange a rack on top. Melt the remaining 2 tablespoons of butter in a small pan over low heat. In a large bowl add the garlic, basil, panko, and 1/4 cup of the Parmesan. Add the melted butter and toss to combine. Reserve. Bring a large pot of heavily salted water to a boil over high heat. Add the pasta and cook according to the package instructions. Meanwhile, put the half-and-half in a small pot and bring to a simmer over low heat. Simmer until reduced and slightly thickened, about 5 to 7 minutes. Reserve 1/4 cup of the pasta cooking wate <END>
INPUT: sauce, olive oil, onion, bay leaf, oregano, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Classic Tomato Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup olive oil; 1 onion, finely diced; 1 bay leaf; 1 teaspoon chopped fresh oregano or 1/2 teaspoon dried; 2 garlic cloves, roughly chopped; 2 teaspoons salt or to taste; 2 tablespoons tomato paste; Two 26-ounce boxes Pomi Chopped Tomatoes or two 28-ounce cans whole plum tomatoes, chopped with their liquid | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat the olive oil in a large pot over medium heat. Add the onions, bay leaf, oregano, garlic, and salt and cook, stirring often, until the onions are soft and translucent, about 10 minutes. Add the tomato paste and continue cooking for 5 minutes. Add the tomatoes and stir constantly until the sauce begins to boil. Lower the heat and simmer for 1 hour, stirring every 5 minutes or so to prevent the sauce on the bottom of the pot from burning. Taste and season with additional salt, if desired. Remove the bay leaf before serving. Heat the olive oil in a large pot over medium heat. Add the onions, <END>
INPUT: wine, olive oil, garlic, broccoli, Sauvignon Blanc, Salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Broccoli in Wine | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup olive oil; 2 large cloves garlic, finely chopped; 1 large bunch broccoli, cut into floret; 1 1/2 cups Sauvignon Blanc; Salt and freshly ground pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: In a heavy skillet, heat oil. Remove from heat and add the finely chopped garlic. Stir for 30 seconds, and return skillet to low heat. Add the broccoli and toss until broccoli is coated with oil. Add the Sauvignon Blanc, and salt and pepper, to taste. Simmer uncovered for 5 minutes. Cover and simmer 15 minutes. Transfer the broccoli to a heated bowl with a slotted spoon. Boil the liquid in the skillet over high heat until reduced to 1/2 cup. Pour liquid over broccoli and serve. <END>
INPUT: Garlic Broth, virgin olive oil, shallots, asparagus, Salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Crispy Rouget with Wild Asparagus and Spring Garlic Broth | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Garlic Broth, recipe follows; 3 1/2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 2 shallots, diced; 6 medium asparagus, trimmed and diced; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 6 rouget, 'butterflied' (see Cook's Note below); 30 wild or cultivated pencil asparagus, trimmed; 1/4 cup olive oil; 6 rouget heads and bones, heads split and gills removed; 1/2 cup diced onion; 1/4 cup diced celery; 1/4 cup diced carrot; 1/4 cup diced leek, white part only; 1 shallot, sliced; 1/4 cup sliced spring garlic whites or ramp whites, plus 1/2 cup sliced garlic greens or ramp greens | INSTRUCTIONS: Prepare the garlic broth, then reserve. Heat the 1 1/2 tablespoons of oil in a medium skillet over medium heat. Add the shallots and the diced asparagus. Season with salt and pepper and cook, stirring occasionally, until the asparagus is tender, about 10 minutes. Set aside to cool. Lay a butterflied rouget skin side-down on a clean surface. Spread a thin layer of the asparagus and shallot mixture over the exposed fish flesh. Fold the fish around the filling so it resumes its natural shape. Using butchers twine, tie the stuffed rouget at 1-inch intervals running from head to tail. Stuff and tie <END>
INPUT: mess, cultivated, chicken broth, olive oil butter, shallots, Salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mess of Mushrooms | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound cultivated, shiitake, or portobello mushrooms (choose one or several types); 1/2 cup chicken broth, optional for braising stems; 4 tablespoons olive oil or butter; 1/4 cup minced shallots; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh herbs like parsley or tarragon, optional | INSTRUCTIONS: Trim mushroom stems. If you are using shiitakes or portobellos and stems are not too tough, separate stems from caps and cut stems into thin slivers. First braise them in broth for 10 minutes before sauteing to tenderize stems. Keep caps whole or coarsely slice. If using cultivated mushrooms, simply trim 1/4-inch off of bottom stem; wipe caps with damp cloth of brush and slice coarsely. Heat oil or butter in large wide skillet and saute shallots for a minute. Add mushroom slices or mushroom caps and saute just over high heat until browned. (If appropriate, add stems and broth and evaporate ove <END>
INPUT: salad, frisée, watercress, mint, scallions, virgin olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Frisée,watercress, and Mint Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 bunch frisée (French curly endive; 8 oz), trimmed; 2 bunches watercress, tough stems discarded; 1/3 cup fresh mint; 3 scallions, thinly sliced; 3 to 4 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1 tablespoon aged red-wine vinegar or lemon juice, or to taste; 1/2 cup pine nuts, toasted and salted | INSTRUCTIONS: Toss together frisée, watercress, mint, and scallions. Drizzle with just enough oil to coat, tossing. Add vinegar and salt to taste and toss again. Sprinkle with nuts. Toss together frisée, watercress, mint, and scallions. Drizzle with just enough oil to coat, tossing. Add vinegar and salt to taste and toss again. Sprinkle with nuts. <END>
INPUT: soup, mushrooms, boiling hot water, cross beef short, salt, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Beef, Mushroom, and Barley Soup | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 oz dried mushrooms; 3 cups boiling-hot water plus 8 cups cold water; 1 pound cross-cut beef short ribs or flanken; 2 1/2 teaspoons salt; 1/2 teaspoon black pepper; 1 large onion, chopped (2 cups); 2 carrots, cut into 1/4-inch dice; 2 celery ribs, cut into 1/4-inch dice; 1/2 pound fresh cremini mushrooms, trimmed and quartered; 2 tablespoons vegetable oil; 1/2 cup pearl barley; 1/4 cup chopped fresh dill | INSTRUCTIONS: Soak dried mushrooms in boiling-hot water in a bowl until softened, about 20 minutes. Drain in a paper-towel-lined sieve set over a bowl and reserve soaking liquid. Rinse mushrooms, pat dry, and finely chop. Bring soaked mushrooms, soaking liquid, ribs, salt, pepper, and remaining 8 cups water to a boil in a 6- to 8-quart pot, then reduce heat and simmer, partially covered, skimming foam, until meat is just tender, about 1 hour. Transfer ribs with a slotted spoon to a cutting board to cool, reserving broth. While meat simmers, cook onion, carrots, celery, and creminis in oil in a 12-inch heavy <END>
INPUT: Spaetzle, unsalted butter, virgin olive oil, thyme, button mushrooms
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mushroom and Mustard Spaetzle | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Spaetzle, recipe follows; 4 tablespoons unsalted butter; 2 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil, plus more; 2 sprigs thyme; 1 1/2 pounds button mushrooms, quartered; 2 cloves garlic, minced; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 cup heavy whipping cream; 2 tablespoons whole grain mustard; 2 tablespoons minced chives; 1 cup all-purpose flour; 1 teaspoon salt; 1/2 teaspoon ground black pepper; 1/4 teaspoon ground nutmeg; 2 large eggs | INSTRUCTIONS: Add 2 tablespoons of butter and the oil to a large skillet over medium heat. Add the cooked spaetzle and saute until slightly browned, about 2 to 3 minutes. Remove from the pan to a serving platter and set aside while you cook the mushrooms. Set the skillet back over high heat and add a little more olive oil and remaining 2 tablespoons of butter. Add the thyme, mushrooms and garlic and saute until golden brown, about 4 to 5 minutes. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Add the cream and mustard and stir well. Reduce the mixture until the sauce is nice and thick, about 3 minutes. Fold in the  <END>
INPUT: Italian, fagioli, onion, celery leaves, carrot, virgin olive oil, plum tomatoes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pasta e Fagioli | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 yellow onion, finely chopped; 1 rib celery with leaves, finely chopped; 1 carrot, finely chopped; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, plus additional for drizzling; 2 plum tomatoes, diced, juices reserved; 1 bay leaf; 1 sprig rosemary; 4 cups reduced-sodium chicken broth; 1 cup ditalini, elbows or tripolini pasta; One 15.5-ounce can cannellini beans or kidney beans, rinsed and drained; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; Grated Parmigiano-Reggiano cheese, for sprinkling | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine the onion, celery, carrot and oil in a medium saucepan. Cook over medium-low heat for 5 minutes. Add the tomatoes with their juices, bay leaf, rosemary sprig and 3 cups of the broth. Bring to simmer and cook for 30 minutes. Discard the bay leaf and rosemary sprig. Add the remaining cup of broth and the pasta. Add the beans and simmer gently until the pasta is cooked through, about 12 minutes. Taste the soup and adjust for seasoning with salt and pepper. Ladle into bowls and sprinkle with cheese. <END>
INPUT: chips, boiling potatoes, qt vegetable oil, all purpose flour, haddock cod fillets
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fish and Chips | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 large boiling potatoes (2 1/4 lb); 3 qt vegetable oil (96 fl oz); 2 cups all-purpose flour; 1 (12-oz) bottle cold beer (preferably ale); 1 1/2 lb haddock or cod fillets, skinned, pin bones removed, and fish cut diagonally into 1-inch-wide strips (5 to 6 inches long); Special equipment: a deep-fat thermometer; Accompaniment: malt vinegar | INSTRUCTIONS: Peel potatoes and halve lengthwise, then cut lengthwise into 1/2-inch-thick wedges, transferring as cut to a large bowl of ice and cold water. Chill 30 minutes. Heat oil in a deep 6-quart heavy pot over moderately high heat until it registers 325°F on thermometer. While oil is heating, drain potatoes and dry thoroughly with paper towels. Fry one third of potatoes, stirring gently, until edges are just golden, about 4 minutes. Transfer with a slotted spoon to fresh paper towels to drain. Fry remaining potatoes in 2 batches, returning oil to 325°F between batches. Remove oil from heat and reserv <END>
INPUT: salad, roasted bell peppers, onion, scallions, garlic, lemon zest
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Red Pepper Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 large roasted red bell peppers, julienned; 1 large red onion, peeled and thinly sliced; 3 scallions, finely chopped; 1 garlic clove; 2 tablespoons grated lemon zest; 1 teaspoon Hungarian paprika; 1 teaspoon ground cumin; 2 teaspoons chopped fresh rosemary leaves; 1/4 teaspoon tumeric; Pinch cayenne pepper; Pinch cinnamon; Pinch nutmeg; 1 teaspoon kosher salt; 1/2 teaspoon black pepper; 3 tablespoons fresh lemon juice | INSTRUCTIONS: Place the peppers, onion and scallions in a medium size mixing bowl. To make the dressing, place all the dressing ingredients, except for the olive oil in a blender or a food processor fitted with a steel blade and blend. Gradually add the olive oil, one tablespoon at a time. Pour the dressing over the vegetables and toss to combine.; <END>
INPUT: American, salad, baby beets greens, virgin olive oil, Kosher salt pepper, thyme, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Farro, Roasted Beet and Goat Cheese Salad | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 8 ounces baby red beets with greens; 4 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 10 sprigs thyme; 2 cloves garlic, unpeeled; 1/3 cup pistachios; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1 cup Italian pearled farro, rinsed and drained; 1/4 cup red wine vinegar; 4 ounces goat cheese, crumbled | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Cut the greens off the beets and slice them into 1/2-inch pieces; reserve. Trim and discard the beet stems. Combine the beets, 2 tablespoons of the oil, 1 teaspoon salt, some pepper, 5 of the thyme sprigs and the garlic cloves on a baking sheet. Cover with foil and roast for 30 to 35 minutes, until easily pierced with a paring knife. Set aside to cool completely. Meanwhile, toast the pistachios in the oven for 5 minutes. Let cool. Melt the butter in a medium saucepan or lidded deep skillet over medium heat. Add the farro and toast for 2 minutes--the color wil <END>
INPUT: skate wings, onions, thyme, garlic, Salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Skate Wings with Cabbage and Leeks | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 skate wings; 2 large yellow onions, halved; 1 bunch fresh thyme or 2 tablespoons dried, crumbled; 1 head garlic, separated into cloves and crushed; Salt and freshly ground pepper; 1/2 small head of savoy cabbage, cut lengthwise into eighths; 1/3 cup best-quality sherry wine vinegar; 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, chilled and cut into small pieces; 2 medium leeks, white and pale green parts only julienned, Sauteed in butter | INSTRUCTIONS: Rinse fish and pat dry. Combine yellow onions, thyme, garlic, salt and pepper in a large, deep skillet. Add the skate wings and cover with cold water. Cover and bring to a boil over high heat. As soon as water boils, remove pan from heat. Remove 1 cup of the liquid into a small nonreactive saucepan and set aside. Cover the skillet and set aside until the fish is cooked through, about 10 minutes. Meanwhile steam the cabbage until cooked, about 10 minutes. Bring the reserved cup of liquid to a boil over high heat. Boil until reduced by half, about 5 minutes. Add the vinegar and boil for another  <END>
INPUT: American, poivre, eye steaks, Kosher salt, pepper, brandy, heavy cream
OUTPUT: TITLE: Steak Au Poivre | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 bone-in rib-eye steaks, about 1 1/2 pounds each; Kosher salt; 2 tablespoons coarsely cracked black pepper; 1/2 cup brandy; 1 cup heavy cream; 2 tablespoons sherry vinegar; 2 tablespoons butter | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Heat a large, well-seasoned cast iron skillet over high heat. Pat the steaks dry with a paper towel, season with salt, to taste, and coat the meat the black pepper. Put the steaks in the hot skillet and cook until blackened and the steaks have released themselves from the pan. Turn the steaks and transfer the pan to the oven. Roast until an instant-read thermometer registers 125 degrees F for medium-rare, or cook until desired doneness. Remove the pan from the oven and transfer the steaks to a cutting board; cover with aluminum foil to keep warm. Put the skil <END>
INPUT: pudding, olive oil, onions, ginger, shallot, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Corn Pudding | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon olive oil; 2 cups finely diced onions; 1 tablespoons peeled and finely chopped ginger; 1 large shallot, diced; 1 tablespoon thinly sliced garlic; 8 cups whole kernel corn; 1/4 teaspoon grated fresh nutmeg; 1 teaspoon salt; 1 cup white wine; 2 cups milk; 1 1/2 cups heavy cream; 1/2 teaspoon cracked black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large saucepan over high heat, add olive oil, onions, ginger, shallot, and garlic, stirring and shaking the pan to sweat the onions and shallots. Once the onions go past sweating and turn from translucent to brown, add the corn, and stir. Add the nutmeg, salt, and white wine. Stir for about 5 minutes, shaking pan for every 30 seconds, until the corn has a sheen and the wine is evaporated. Stir in the milk and let cook for 3 minutes. Add the cream, stir, and then add pepper. Bring the cream up to a boil and then turn down to a simmer for 5 minutes. Remove from heat and puree in a food proc <END>
INPUT: jamie, sundae, leftover Christmas pudding, cranberry sauce, wine mulled wine, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Jamie's Leftover Christmas Pudding and Ice Cream Sundae | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 7 ounces/ 200 g leftover Christmas pudding; 6 tablespoons cranberry sauce; Red wine or mulled wine; 2 teaspoons sugar, optional; 1 (17-ounce/ 500 ml) tub good-quality vanilla ice cream; A large handful flaked almonds, toasted; 1 (3 1/2-ounce/ 100 g) bar good-quality dark chocolate (70-percent cocoa solids) | INSTRUCTIONS: What I'm giving you here is really more of a suggestion because the amount of Christmas pudding you'll have leftover will really depend on how greedy your guests were on Christmas day. But personally, I love Christmas pudding and I think it's almost worth having another pudding stashed away so you can make this as an after-Christmas treat. Put a pan over a medium heat and crumble in your Christmas pudding. Squash it down a bit with a wooden spoon to help it heat up and get a bit crispy. Fry for about 4 to 5 minutes, stirring every so often so it doesn't catch. In another small pan on a low hea <END>
INPUT: fish, tomatoes, four by parchment, vegetable oil brushing, four flounder orange, twelve tomato, Kalamata other brine
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fish Fillets With Tomatoes and Olives in Parchment | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: four 20 by 15 inch pieces of parchment paper; vegetable oil for brushing the parchment; four 6- to-8 ounce skinless flounder or orange roughy fillets; twelve 1/4-inch-thick tomato slices; 8 Kalamata or other brine-cured black olives, pitted and sliced thin; 1/2 teaspoon dried hot red pepper flakes; 1 1/2 tablespoons unsalted butter, cut into bits; the zest from 1/2 orange removed with a vegetable peeler and cut into thin julienne strips; 4 fresh herb sprigs, such as sage, thyme, or parsley | INSTRUCTIONS: On a work surface brush 1 of the pieces of parchment with the oil, turn it over, and brush the other side with the oil. Arrange a second piece of parchment on top of the first, brush it with the oil, and layer the remaining 2 pieces on top in the same manner. Season the fish with salt and pepper, arrange 1 of the fillets on one half of the top piece of parchment, and top it with 3 tomato slices, one fourth of the olives, 1/8 teaspoon of the red pepper flakes, one fourth of the butter, one fourth of the zest, and 1 herb sprig. Fold the other half of the parchment over the fillet, beginning with <END>
INPUT: butter, glaze, unsweetened pear sauce, sugar, bourbon, cardamom, Juice lemons
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Chicken with Bourbon Pear Butter Glaze | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 cups unsweetened pear sauce (like applesauce, but pear); 1 1/2 cups sugar; 1/2 cup bourbon; 1 teaspoon ground cardamom; Juice of 2 lemons (save the rinds for the chickens); Two 3- to 4-pound chickens; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 4 sprigs fresh rosemary; 1 bulb fennel, quartered, fronds reserved for garnish; 1 bulb fennel, shaved on a mandolin (or sliced very thinly), fronds reserved for garnish; Juice of 1 lemon; Olive oil, for drizzling; Salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: For the pear butter glaze: Combine the pear sauce, sugar, bourbon, cardamom and lemon juice in a saucepan and cook, stirring constantly, until it reduces by half, 25 to 30 minutes. Reserve 1/2 cup of the glaze to slather on the chickens as they cook, and the rest for serving. For the roasted chicken: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Pat the chickens dry and sprinkle liberally all over with salt and pepper. Divide the rosemary, lemon rinds and fennel between the cavities of both chickens. Tie the legs with butcher's twine and tuck the wings under the chickens. Place the chickens in a roasting <END>
INPUT: upside, down, sugar, kosher salt, salted butter, oranges
OUTPUT: TITLE: Salted Caramel-Orange Upside-Down Cake | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: For the caramel:; 2/3 cup sugar; 1/4 teaspoon kosher salt; 1 tablespoon salted butter; 4 to 5 oranges; For the cake:; 1/2 cup sliced almonds; 1 1/4 cups all-purpose flour; 3/4 teaspoon baking powder; 3/4 teaspoon baking soda; 1 stick salted butter, at room temperature; 2 large eggs; 1 teaspoon grated orange zest; 1/2 cup sour cream; Sea salt, for sprinkling | INSTRUCTIONS: Make the caramel: Combine the sugar, 1/3 cup water and the kosher salt in a medium saucepan over medium heat, stirring just until the sugar dissolves. Cook, gently swirling the pan occasionally but not stirring, until amber, 8 to 10 minutes. Brush any sugar crystals off the side of the pan with a wet pastry brush. Remove from the heat and carefully whisk in the butter (the mixture will bubble). Pour into a 9-inch-round cake pan, tilting the pan to coat the bottom; set aside. Slice off the top and bottom of the oranges. Place the oranges cut-side down and cut off the peel and white pith with a  <END>
INPUT: Mexican, unsalted butter, garlic, cilantro leaves, lime juice, Kosher salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cilantro Butter | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 stick unsalted butter, slightly softened; 6 cloves garlic, coarsely chopped; 1/4 cup fresh cilantro leaves; 1 to 2 teaspoons fresh lime juice; Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine the butter, garlic, cilantro and 1 teaspoon lime juice in a food processor or with a mixer until smooth. Season with salt and pepper, and add more lime juice if needed. Photographs by Steve Giralt <END>
INPUT: Asian, fish, sauce, sugar, sardine scraps, ginger, bay leaves, chile pepper flakes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Sardines with Sauteed Joi Choi and Ginger Fish Sauce | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup brown sugar; 4 ounces sardine scraps; 2 tablespoons chopped ginger; 2 bay leaves; 1/4 teaspoon crushed red chile pepper flakes; 12 sardine skeletons; 4 cloves garlic, crushed; 4 whole black peppercorns; Salt; 2 cups chopped joi choi (a type of Chinese cabbage); 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh parsley; 3 whole sardines; 1 tablespoon olive oil; Coarse sea salt | INSTRUCTIONS: For the fish sauce: Add 8 quarts water, sugar, sardine scraps, ginger, bay leaves, chile flakes, sardine skeletons, garlic, peppercorns and some salt to a large pot and simmer until reduced by half. In a medium saucepan, saute the joi choi over medium-high heat for 1 to 2 minutes in the olive oil. Deglaze the pan with a splash of fish sauce and add the parsley. Let reduce for 1 more minute. For the sardines: Preheat a grill to medium-high heat. Scale and gut the sardines. Push skewers through the mouth of each fish to the tail in order to make grilling easier. Coat the fish in the olive oil an <END>
INPUT: French, crab, cakes, grapeseed oil, lemon juice, dill, tarragon, cilantro
OUTPUT: TITLE: Crab Cakes with Herb Salad | CUISINE: French | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup grapeseed oil; 1/4 cup fresh lemon juice; 1 tablespoon minced fresh dill; 1 tablespoon minced fresh tarragon; 1 tablespoon minced fresh cilantro; 1 tablespoon minced green onion; 1/2 teaspoon Dijon mustard; 1/4 cup mayonnaise; 1/4 cup minced green onions; 2 large egg yolks; 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 4 teaspoons minced fresh dill; 4 teaspoons minced fresh tarragon; 4 teaspoons minced fresh cilantro; 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard | INSTRUCTIONS: For vinaigrette: Whisk oil, lemon juice, dill, tarragon, cilantro, green onion, and mustard in small bowl. Season with salt and pepper. Do ahead Can be made 1 day ahead. Cover and chill. Whisk oil, lemon juice, dill, tarragon, cilantro, green onion, and mustard in small bowl. Season with salt and pepper. Do ahead Can be made 1 day ahead. Cover and chill. For crab cakes: Line baking sheet with waxed paper. Whisk first 10 ingredients in large bowl. Mix in crabmeat and 1 cup panko, breaking up crabmeat slightly. Let stand 10 minutes. Place remaining panko on rimmed baking sheet, spreading slightl <END>
INPUT: terrine, sugared, bittersweet chocolate, creamy peanut butter, egg yolks, granulated sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate-Peanut Butter Terrine with Sugared Peanuts | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 11 ounces bittersweet chocolate, finely chopped; 1 ounce (2 tablespoons) unsalted butter; 6 tablespoons creamy peanut butter; 4 large egg yolks; 1/4 cup granulated sugar; 1 3/4 cups heavy whipping cream; 4 ounces bittersweet chocolate, finely chopped; 2 1/2 ounces (5 tablespoons) unsalted butter; 2 teaspoons light corn syrup; 1 large egg white; 6 tablespoons granulated sugar; 1 1/2 cups (7 1/2 ounces) unsalted peanuts | INSTRUCTIONS: To make the terrine: Spray an 8 1/2-by-4 1/2-by-2 3/4-inch loaf pan with nonstick spray. Line the sprayed pan with plastic wrap, allowing a 1 1/2-inch overhang on all sides. In a stainless-steel bowl, combine the chocolate, butter, and peanut butter. Place the bowl over a pan of simmering water, making sure the bottom of the bowl does not touch the water. Heat, stirring occasionally, until the chocolate and butter melt. Remove from over the heat and whisk until smooth. Combine the egg yolks and sugar in the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the whip attachment and whip on high speed until thic <END>
INPUT: bubba, biscuits, biscuit mix, sugar, butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Bubba's Beer Biscuits with Honey Butter | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 cups biscuit mix; 1/4 cup sugar; 1 (12-ounce) can beer; 1 tablespoon butter, melted; 1/2 pound butter; 2 tablespoons honey | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. In a large bowl, combine all of the ingredients together and mix well. Pour the batter into well-greased muffing tins and bake for 15 to 20 minutes until golden. Allow the butter to soften to room temperature. Using an electric mixer whip the butter and honey together until well mixed and smooth. Serve the biscuits while still warm with the honey butter. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, shredded, corn tortillas, Canola oil frying, pork shoulder, onion, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Shredded Pork with Roasted Tomatoes and Chipotle Chiles | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 8 corn tortillas; Canola oil for frying; 1 pound pork shoulder (pork butt), trimmed of fat, cut into 2-inch pieces; 1 small white onion, quartered; 2 garlic cloves, crushed; 1 tablespoon fine sea salt; 6 ounces Mexican chorizo, removed from casing; 1 tablespoon canola oil; 1 small white onion, halved and thinly sliced; 2 garlic cloves, minced; 2 pounds plum (Roma) tomatoes, roasted, peeled, and chopped; 2 teaspoons dried thyme; 1/2 teaspoon ground cloves; 1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 2 canned chipotle chiles in adobo, finely chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. To make the tostaditas: Using a 2-inch round cookie cutter, cut 4 rounds from each tortilla. Pour 1/2 inch oil into a large, heavy skillet and heat over high heat until the oil is shimmering. Line a baking sheet with a double thickness of paper towels. Working in batches, add the tortillas to the oil and fry until golden brown, about 1 minute. Using a wire-mesh skimmer, transfer the tostaditas to the paper towels. 2. To braise the pork: Bring 8 cups water to boil in a large casserole or Dutch oven over high heat. Add the pork, onion, garlic, and salt and return to the boil. Reduce the heat  <END>
INPUT: water, long grain rice, unsalted butter, leeks, shiitake mushrooms
OUTPUT: TITLE: Salmon in Corn Husks | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup water; 1/2 cup long-grain white rice; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1/2 cup minced leeks, white and pale green parts only; 3 ounces fresh shiitake mushrooms, stems discarded and chopped; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 4 (6-ounce) skinless, center cut salmon fillets; 8 corn husks, soaked in water for 30 minutes; 2/3 cup clam juice; 1/2 cup dry white wine; 1 1/2 cups Mexican crema or creme fraiche; 1 1/2 tablespoons chopped fresh dill; 1 1/2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro leaves; Salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Special equipment: Kitchen string In a medium saucepan, bring the water and rice to a boil over medium-high heat. Reduce the heat to medium and simmer, uncovered, for 18 minutes. Remove from the heat and drain excess liquid, if necessary. Transfer the rice to a medium bowl. Melt the butter in heavy medium skillet over medium-low heat. Add the leeks and cook until softened, about 4 minutes. Add the mushrooms. Cover the skillet and cook, stirring occasionally, until the mushrooms release their juices, about 5 minutes. Uncover the skillet. Increase the heat to mediu <END>
INPUT: Italian, four, pasta, Kosher salt, penne, peas, eggs, evaporated milk
OUTPUT: TITLE: Four-Cheese Pasta With Peas and Ham | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: Kosher salt; 12 ounces penne; 1 cup frozen peas; 2 large eggs, plus 1 egg white; 1 cup evaporated milk; 4 tablespoons unsalted butter; 3 ounces sharp cheddar cheese, grated (1 scant cup); 3 ounces part-skim mozzarella cheese, grated (about 1 cup); 3 ounces fontina cheese, grated (1 scant cup); 3 ounces deli ham, in 1 piece, diced; 1 ounce parmesan cheese, grated (about 1/2 cup) | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add the pasta and cook until very al dente, about 8 minutes, adding the peas in the last 2 minutes of cooking. Meanwhile, whisk the eggs, egg white, evaporated milk and 1/2 teaspoon salt in a bowl. Drain the pasta and peas; wipe the pot dry and return the pasta and peas to the pot. Add the butter and stir to coat. Add the cheddar, mozzarella, fontina and the egg mixture. Place the pot over medium-low heat and cook, stirring constantly, until thickened, 8 to 10 minutes, adding the ham halfway through cooking (don't let the mixture boil or the eggs wi <END>
INPUT: Asian, cider, sauce, unbleached all purpose, sugar, salt, apple pie spice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Apple Ginger Pie with Cider-Bourbon Sauce | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 2 1/2 cups unbleached all purpose flour; 1/4 cup sugar; 1 teaspoon salt; 1 teaspoon apple pie spice; 1/2 cup (1 stick) chilled unsalted butter, cut into pieces; 1/3 cup chilled solid vegetable shortening; 7 tablespoons sour cream; 3 pounds Golden Delicious apples, peeled, cored, cut into 1/2-inch-thick slices; 2/3 cup sugar; 1/4 cup all purpose flour; 3 tablespoons minced crystallized ginger; 2 tablespoons bourbon; 1 teaspoon apple pie spice; Milk; Sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: For Crust : Mix flour, sugar, salt and apple pie spice in processor. Add butter and shortening and cut in until mixture resembles coarse meal. Add sour cream and blend in using on/off turns just until dough forms. Turn out dough onto lightly floured surface. Divide in half. Form each half into a ball; flatten into disk. Wrap each disk in plastic wrap and refrigerate 1 hour. Mix flour, sugar, salt and apple pie spice in processor. Add butter and shortening and cut in until mixture resembles coarse meal. Add sour cream and blend in using on/off turns just until dough forms. Turn out dough onto l <END>
INPUT: browned, striped bass branzino, mixed peppercorns, unsalted butter, hazelnuts, italian parsley
OUTPUT: TITLE: Striped Bass with Browned Hazelnut Butter, Lemon, and Parsley | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 4-to 5-ounce striped bass or branzino fillets with skin; Coarsely ground mixed peppercorns; 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, divided; 1/4 cup coarsely chopped toasted hazelnuts; 1 tablespoon chopped italian parsley; 1 teaspoon finely grated lemon peel; Lemon wedges | INSTRUCTIONS: Sprinkle fillets with salt and ground peppercorns. Melt 1 tablespoon butter in large nonstick skillet over medium-high heat. Add fillets, flesh side down. Cook until browned, 2 to 3 minutes. Turn fillets over; cook until opaque in center, 2 to 3 minutes. Transfer to plates; cover to keep warm. Add hazelnuts to same skillet over medium heat. Toast until golden, 1 to 2 minutes. Add 3 tablespoons butter and cook until golden, 2 to 3 minutes. Season with salt and pepper. Divide sauce among fillets; sprinkle with parsley and grated lemon peel. Serve with lemon wedges. Sprinkle fillets with salt and <END>
INPUT: creamed, olive oil, onions, navy cannellini beans, water
OUTPUT: TITLE: Bean-creamed Spinach | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon olive oil; 1 cup coarsely chopped onions; 1 3/4 cups cooked navy or cannellini beans or 1 (15-ounce) can navy or cannellini beans, drained (rinsed if nonorganic); 1 (10-ounce) package frozen spinach; 1 cup water; 1 tablespoon instant vegetable stock powder; 2 teaspoons dried dill or 1/8 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg; 1/2 teaspoon salt, or to taste; 2 tablespoons freshly squeezed lemon juice (optional); Freshly ground black pepper to taste | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat the oil in a medium saucepan. Sauté the onions for 1 minute, stirring frequently. Add the beans, spinach, water, stock powder, dill, and salt and bring to a boil over high heat. Cover and cook over medium heat for 5 minutes. Break up the block of spinach with a fork and stir well. Cook until the spinach is tender, 3 to 5 minutes. Puree the mixture with an immersion blender (or transfer in small batches to a food processor or blender and puree until smooth). If the creamed spinach seems too thick, thin slightly with lemon juice, which will sharpen the flavors, or with water. Season with pe <END>
INPUT: unsalted butter, bay flounder, claw crabmeat, saltine crackers, mayonnaise
OUTPUT: TITLE: Crabmeat-Stuffed Whole Bay Flounder | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, melted, plus more for greasing the baking sheet; 1 whole bay flounder, pocket slit cut in the top of the fish; 1/2 ounces canned or fresh claw crabmeat; 2/3 cup freshly crushed saltine crackers; 1/3 cup mayonnaise; 1/4 cup finely minced fresh parsley; 1 egg, beaten; 1 large green onion, white and green part minced and chopped; 1/2 teaspoon Old Bay Seasoning or Lawry's Seasoned Salt; 1/4 cup fresh or store-bought breadcrumbs; Paprika, for sprinkling | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with parchment and grease the paper with butter. Rinse the flounder; pat dry with paper towels. Place the fish on the prepared baking sheet with head-side up. Starting on one side of the fish, insert a knife horizontally into the slit. Begin cutting, about 1 inch from the head, between the flesh and bone, stopping just before the tail to form a pocket. Cut another pocket on the opposite side of the fish. Combine the crabmeat, saltines, mayonnaise, parsley, egg, green onion and Old Bay Seasoning in a medium bowl and fold together. Spoon the <END>
INPUT: American, sugar cones, salt, sugar, unsalted butter, milk
OUTPUT: TITLE: Banana Cream Pie | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 10 sugar cones; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1 tablespoon sugar; 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted; 2 cups plus 2 tablespoons whole milk; 4 large eggs, separated; 3/4 cup plus 1/3 cup sugar; 1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract; 1/4 cup cornstarch; 2 tablespoons cold unsalted butter, cut into small pieces; 3 ounces semisweet chocolate, finely chopped; 2 bananas, sliced into 1/4-inch-thick rounds; 1/4 teaspoon cream of tartar | INSTRUCTIONS: Make the crust: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Pulse the cones, salt and sugar in a food processor until coarsely ground. Add the melted butter and pulse until the mixture looks like coarse sand. Press on the bottom and up the sides of a 9-inch pie dish. Bake until golden, 10 to 12 minutes; let cool completely. Make the filling: Bring 2 cups milk to a bare simmer in a saucepan over medium heat. Whisk the egg yolks, 3/4 cup sugar and the vanilla in a large bowl until smooth and pale. Whisk in the cornstarch. Slowly whisk the warm milk into the egg mixture, then pour into the saucepan and re <END>
INPUT: Mexican, empanaditas, boiling potato, Mexican chorizo, oregano, masa harina, water
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chorizo and Potato Empanaditas | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 large boiling potato (about 1/2 pound); 1/2 pound fresh Mexican chorizo (spicy pork sausage); 1 teaspoon dried oregano (preferably Mexican), crumbled; 2 cups masa harina; 1 1/4 cups warm water; vegetable oil for deep-frying; Accompaniments:Guacamole orFresh Tomato Salsa | INSTRUCTIONS: Make filling: Peel potato and cut into 1/4-inch dice. In a saucepan of boiling salted water cook potato 3 minutes, or until just cooked through, and drain in a colander. Remove casings from chorizo and crumble or finely chop meat. In a heavy skillet cook chorizo over moderate heat, stirring, 5 minutes. Add potato, oregano, and salt to taste and cook, stirring, 5 minutes. Cool filling completely. Filling may be made 2 days ahead and kept, covered and chilled, or frozen 2 weeks. Peel potato and cut into 1/4-inch dice. In a saucepan of boiling salted water cook potato 3 minutes, or until just coo <END>
INPUT: Italian, Kosher salt, beans, new potatoes, lasagne noodles, Pesto sauce
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lasagne Al Pesto | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: Kosher salt; 1/2 pound fresh green beans, ends removed; 1/2 pound new potatoes, scrubbed; Fresh lasagne noodles, recipe follows, or 1/2 pound dried lasagne sheets; Fresh Pesto sauce, recipe follows; Freshly grated Parmigiano-Reggiano, for serving; 4 bunches fresh basil, leaves picked; 4 cloves garlic, lightly crushed; 1 cup pine nuts; 1 cup freshly grated Parmigiano-Reggiano; 1/2 cup ricotta cheese; 1 tablespoon yogurt; 4 tablespoons extra-virgin oil; Sea salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 cups all-purpose flour, plus more for dusting | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Cook the potatoes then the beans in the water, cooking each until just tender. Drain the potatoes and slip off the skins. Drain the beans and refresh them in ice water. Refill the pot with salted water. Cook the pasta sheets 1 at a time, just until tender. Drain each sheet and lay on clean towels. Cover with additional towels to keep warm. Coat the bottom of a 9 by 13-inch serving dish with a thin layer of pesto. Cover the pesto with a 1/3 of the warm lasagne noodles. Spread pesto over the pasta. Break the potatoes up into bite-size pieces and put h <END>
INPUT: spiced, martinis, bourbon, dark beer, pure maple syrup, Ice cubes, nutmeg
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spiced Bourbon, Beer and Maple Martinis | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup chilled bourbon; 1/4 cup chilled dark beer, such as Negro Modelo; 1/4 cup chilled pure maple syrup (preferably Grade B); Ice cubes; 1 whole nutmeg; 4 small dried red chiles, such as japones, rinsed and patted dry | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Combine the bourbon, beer and maple syrup in a martini shaker. Fill the shaker with ice cubes. Cover and shake about 8 times. Strain the drink equally into 4 large chilled martini glasses. Using a nutmeg grater, grate about 1/8 teaspoon of nutmeg over each martini. Add a chile to each martini and stir to blend. Serve very cold. <END>
INPUT: French, wilted, shallots, wine, whipping cream, tarragon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Scallops with Tarragon Cream and Wilted Butter Lettuce | CUISINE: French | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons (1/4 stick) unsalted butter, divided; 1/4 cup minced shallots; 1/2 cup dry white wine; 1/3 cup whipping cream; 4 teaspoons chopped fresh tarragon, divided; 1 1/2 teaspoons Pernod or other aniseflavored liqueur (optional); 8 large sea scallops, patted dry; 1 small head of butter lettuce, leaves separated | INSTRUCTIONS: Melt 1 tablespoon butter in small skillet over medium heat. Add shallots; sauté 3 minutes. Add wine; boil until reduced by half, about 2 minutes. Add cream, 3 teaspoons tarragon, and Pernod, if using. Simmer until sauce coats back of spoon, about 2 minutes. Season with salt and pepper; set aside. Melt 1 tablespoon butter in large nonstick skillet over medium-high heat. Sprinkle scallops with salt and pepper; cook until brown and almost cooked through, about 2 minutes per side. Transfer scallops to plate. Add lettuce to drippings in skillet; toss until beginning to wilt, about 1 minute. Spoon s <END>
INPUT: Mexican, upma, vegetable oil, mustard seeds, cumin seeds, gingerroot, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cous Cous Upma | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons vegetable oil; 1 teaspoon black mustard seeds; 1 teaspoon cumin seeds; 1 teaspoon minced gingerroot; 2 cloves garlic, minced; 1 onion, minced; 1 cup chopped green bell pepper; 2 cups green beans; 4 firm, ripe tomatoes, cut into 1-inch pieces; Salt; 2 cups water; 1 chicken bouillon cube; 1 2/3 cups cous cous; Fresh lemon juice; Minced fresh cilantro | INSTRUCTIONS: In a deep nonstick skillet set over moderate heat, warm the oil until it is hot. Add the mustard and cumin seeds, and cook, stirring, 1-minute. Add the gingerroot and garlic, and cook, stirring, 1 minute more. Add the onion and green bell pepper to the seasonings and cook, stirring occasionally, for 5 minutes. Add the green beans, tomatoes, and salt, and cook, stirring occasionally, for 5 minutes more. Add the water, bouillon cube, and salt, to taste. Bring to a boil, stirring, and add cous cous. Simmer, stirring occasionally, for 5 to 10 minutes, or until liquid is absorbed. Remove from heat, <END>
INPUT: griddle, cakes, cornmeal, all purpose flour, baking powder, salt, skim milk
OUTPUT: TITLE: Blue-Cornmeal Griddle Cakes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/4 cups ground blue cornmeal; 3/4 cup all-purpose flour; 1 tbsp baking powder; 1/2 tsp salt; 1 cup skim milk; 2/3 cup honey; 2 tbsp canola oil; 2 eggs, lightly beaten; 1 cup fresh or frozen blueberries (or 1/4 cup dried); Vegetable-oil cooking spray; Chili powder (optional) | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine first 4 ingredients in a large bowl. Whisk together milk, 1/3 cup honey, oil and eggs in a separate bowl and add to dry ingredients. Fold in blueberries. Heat nonstick skillet over medium heat. Coat lightly with cooking spray and dollop 1/4 cup batter for each cake. Warm remaining honey in a saucepan and add a dash of chili powder to taste, if desired. Drizzle over cakes. Combine first 4 ingredients in a large bowl. Whisk together milk, 1/3 cup honey, oil and eggs in a separate bowl and add to dry ingredients. Fold in blueberries. Heat nonstick skillet over medium heat. Coat lightly wi <END>
INPUT: cheesecake, vanilla wafers, pecans, sugar, cinnamon, butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Maple Bacon Cheesecake | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 box vanilla wafers, such as Nilla; 1 cup pecans; 1/2 cup sugar; 2 tablespoons ground cinnamon; 1 stick butter, at room temperature; 2 pounds cream cheese; 1/2 cup sugar; 1/2 cup sour cream; 4 eggs plus 2 yolks; 1/2 cup maple syrup; 1 teaspoon maple extract; 8 ounces bacon, cooked until crisp and roughly diced; 8 ounces sour cream; 1/4 cup sugar; 1 cup maple syrup | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. For the crust: In a food processor, pulse the wafers, pecans, sugar and cinnamon until they reach a consistency that can be pressed. Work the butter into the mix until crumbly. Press uniformly into 1 large or 6 mini springform pans. Bake for 5 minutes. For the filling: In a stand mixer or with a hand mixer, mix the cream cheese and sugar until light and fluffy. Add the sour cream and mix well. Add the eggs and yolks one at a time; mix well and scrape down the sides before adding the next egg. Add the maple syrup and extract. Pour into the pan with the baked c <END>
INPUT: Indian, salad, virgin olive oil, celery, carrot, sweet onion, French lentils
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lentil Avocado Salad | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: Extra-virgin olive oil; 2 ribs celery, finely diced; 1 carrot, peeled and diced; 1/4 sweet onion, finely diced; 2 cups French green lentils, picked over for stones and rinsed; 1 bay leaf; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 3 tablespoons balsamic vinegar; 1 teaspoon agave syrup; 1/4 teaspoon dried red pepper flakes; 1/2 lemon, zested and juiced; 1 avocado, pitted and diced; 1/4 cup dried cranberries, roughly chopped; Chopped fresh flat-leaf parsley, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. In a large saucepan, heat 2 tablespoons of the oil over medium heat. Add the celery, carrots and onions, and sweat for 5 minutes while stirring. Add the lentils and cover with 2 inches of water. Stir in the bay leaf and bring to a boil, then reduce the heat and simmer for 30 to 35 minutes. Drain and season with salt and pepper. Discard the bay leaf and cool. While the lentils are cooking, make the vinaigrette. Whisk together the balsamic vinegar, agave, red pepper, lemon juice and zest and some salt and pepper. Slowly stream in 3 tablespoons oil while continuousl <END>
INPUT: cornucopia, Glass bowl clear, licorice twists, candy corn, gummy worms, gummy candy rats
OUTPUT: TITLE: Candy Cornucopia Bowl | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 32120 Glass bowl and clear water glass or tumbler; 1 pound black or red licorice twists; 2 pounds candy corn; 1 pound gummy worms; 4 gummy candy rats | INSTRUCTIONS: Set water glass in center of glass bowl. Fill glass with licorice twists. Fill bowl with candy corn to settle the glass in place. Top candy corn with lots of candy worms. Place the rats around your serving area for your buffet. Add any other favorite candies to this big bowl of fun! <END>
INPUT: herbs, Kosher salt pepper, good olive oil, lemon juice, scallions
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Salmon with Green Herbs | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 (2- to 2 1/2-pound) skinless salmon fillet; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1/4 cup good olive oil; 2 tablespoons freshly squeezed lemon juice; 1/2 cup minced scallions, white and green parts (4 scallions); 1/2 cup minced fresh dill; 1/2 cup minced fresh parsley; 1/4 cup dry white wine; Lemon wedges, for serving | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the oven to 425 degrees. Place the salmon fillet in a glass, ceramic, or stainless-steel roasting dish and season it generously with salt and pepper. Whisk together the olive oil and lemon juice and drizzle the mixture evenly over the salmon. Let it stand at room temperature for 15 minutes. In a small bowl, stir together the scallions, dill, and parsley. Scatter the herb mixture over the salmon fillet, turning it so that both sides are generously coated with the green herbs. Pour the wine around the fish fillet. Roast the salmon for 10 to 12 minutes, unti <END>
INPUT: American, chimichurri, sauce, virgin olive oil, Sherry wine vinegar, parsley, cilantro
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Flat Iron Steak with Chimichurri Sauce | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 1/2 cup (about 15) peeled garlic cloves; 1/3 cup Sherry wine vinegar; 1/4 cup chopped fresh parsley; 1/4 cup chopped fresh cilantro; 1/4 cup fresh oregano leaves; 3 tablespoons fresh thyme leaves; 1/4 cup (1/2 stick) butter; 2 1 1/2-pound flat iron steaks; 3 cups oak- or hickory-wood smoke chips, soaked in cold water at least 30 minutes, drained; 1 8-inch square disposable aluminum foil baking pan | INSTRUCTIONS: Finely chop first 7 ingredients in processor. Set sauce aside. Cook butter in small heavy saucepan over medium-high heat until brown, about 2 minutes. Add sauce; stir 1 minute. Season with salt and pepper. Prepare barbecue (medium-high heat). Sprinkle steaks with salt and pepper. Place soaked wood chips in foil pan. Place foil pan directly atop coals on barbecue. When chips begin to smoke, place steaks on grill rack directly over chips and cook to desired doneness, about 4 minutes per side for medium-rare. Remove steaks from grill; let stand 5 minutes. Thinly slice steaks across grain. Serve w <END>
INPUT: sazerac, ice cubes, cube sugar, dashes Peychaud Bitters, absinthe
OUTPUT: TITLE: Absinthe Sazerac | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cups ice cubes; 1 cube or 1/2 teaspoon sugar; 4 dashes Peychaud Bitters*; 1/4 cup (2 ounces) rye whiskey; About 1/2 teaspoon absinthe; 1 thin strip lemon peel; *Peychaud Bitters are available online at buffalotrace.com. If unavailable, Angostura Bitters can be substituted | INSTRUCTIONS: Fill old-fashioned glass with 1 cup ice and set aside. In second old-fashioned glass, stir together sugar, bitters, and ½ teaspoon water until sugar is completely dissolved, about 30 seconds. Add rye whiskey and remaining ½ cup ice, and stir well, at least 15 seconds. From first glass, discard ice, then add absinthe. Holding glass horizontally, roll it between your thumbs and forefingers so that absinthe completely coats the interior, then discard excess. Strain rye whiskey mixture into chilled, absinthe-coated glass. Squeeze lemon peel over drink, making sure oils fall into glass, then drop p <END>
INPUT: cupcakes, vanilla granulated sugar, eggs, pure vanilla extract, all purpose flour
OUTPUT: TITLE: Apple Cupcakes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup (2 sticks) unsalted butter, at room temperature; 1 cup vanilla granulated sugar* (See Cook's Note); 3 large eggs; 1 1/2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract; 2 1/4 cups all-purpose flour; 1 teaspoon baking soda; 1/2 teaspoon nutmeg; 1/2 teaspoon fine salt; 1/2 cup sour cream; 1 large Gala or other baking apple, peeled, cored, and finely chopped (about 1 cup); 1/2 cup apple butter; 8 ounces cream cheese, at room temperature; 1/2 cup (1 stick) unsalted butter, at room temperature; 1 1/2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract; 1 teaspoon fresh lemon juice | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: 2 (12-cup) muffin pans 1. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line 24 muffin tins with paper liners. Using an electric mixer, cream the butter and vanilla sugar together until fluffy, about 2 to 3 minutes. Add the eggs, one at a time, and vanilla extract, beating until smooth. 2. Combine the flour, baking soda, nutmeg, and salt in a medium bowl. Add half the flour mixture to the creamed butter, then add the sour cream, and then the rest of the flour. Beat until combined, taking care not to over mix. Gently fold in the chopped apples. 3. Divide batter between prepared muffin t <END>
INPUT: roast, dark, leg lamb, garlic, thyme leaves, virgin olive oil, Kosher salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roast Leg of Lamb with Dark Beer, Honey and Thyme | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 7 to 8 pound leg of lamb, thighbone removed, and shin bone in (have your butcher do this); 4 cloves garlic, chopped; 3 tablespoon fresh thyme leaves; 3 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 cups stout beer or porter (recommended: Guinness); 1/2 cup honey; 1 teaspoon juniper berries, crushed; 2 bay leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F. Open the leg of lamb and season the inside with half the garlic, half the thyme leaves, 1 tablespoon olive oil, salt, and pepper. Tie the lamb closed with string. Place it in a roasting pan, season with salt and pepper, and brush it with olive oil. In a bowl mix the beer, honey, remaining garlic and thyme, juniper berries, and bay leaves. Pour this over the lamb and put the roasting pan into oven. Immediately turn the oven down to 325 degrees F. Baste every 10 minutes. Cook 12 to 13 minutes per pound for medium rare or until internal temperature reaches 130 to 13 <END>
INPUT: mousse, chocolate, egg yolks, sugar, gelatin, Creme de Cacao
OUTPUT: TITLE: White Chocolate and Coffee Mousse | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 12 ounces white chocolate, chopped; *8 egg yolks; 1/4 cup plus 2 tablespoons sugar; 1/2-ounce gelatin sheets; Creme de Cacao or other chocolate flavored liqueur to dissolve the gelatin; 3 ounces liquid coffee; 8 egg whites*; 1 pint heavy cream | INSTRUCTIONS: Melt the chocolate in a double boiler and set aside. Beat the yolks with the 2 tablespoons of sugar with an electric mixer at high speed until light and fluffy. Stream in the melted chocolate at low speed. Dissolve the gelatin in the warmed liquor and stream slowly, along with the coffee, into the chocolate mixture at low speed. Transfer the mixture into a stainless steel bowl and refrigerate until needed. In another mixing bowl, whip the egg whites and the remaining 1/4 cup sugar to a stiff meringue with an electric mixer. In a separate bowl whip the heavy cream until firm. Fold the meringue  <END>
INPUT: freeze, lemon juice, lemon zest, sugar, honey, heavy cream
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lemon Freeze | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups fresh lemon juice; 2 tablespoon grated lemon zest; 1 cup sugar; 2 tablespoon honey; 1 1/2 cups cold heavy cream; 1/2 cup water | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine all ingredients in a food processor. Puree until smooth. Pour into a 9x9-inch metal baking dish and freeze for about 4 hours until solid. <END>
INPUT: aromatic, sauce, olive oil, chicken, onions, allspice, cinnamon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Braised Chicken in Aromatic Tomato Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup olive oil; 1 3-pound chicken, cut into 8 pieces; 3 cups chopped red onions; 6 whole allspice; 1 cinnamon stick; 1 teaspoon ground cumin; 1 teaspoon paprika; 1/2 teaspoon ground nutmeg; 1/2 teaspoon ground cloves; Pinch cayenne pepper; 1 28-ounce can whole Italian-style tomatoes, drained, juices reserved, tomatoes chopped; 1 cup water; 2 tablespoons (or more) red wine vinegar; 2 tablespoons tomato paste; Pinch of sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat oil in heavy large Dutch oven over medium-high heat. Add chicken in batches and cook until brown on all sides, about 8 minutes per batch. Place chicken on platter. Add onions to Dutch oven; sauté until tender, about 5 minutes. Add spices; stir until fragrant, about 1 minute. Stir in tomatoes and their juices and water. Return chicken to Dutch oven. Cover; simmer over medium-low heat until chicken is very tender, about 35 minutes. Transfer chicken to platter. Tent with foil. Add 2 tablespoons vinegar, tomato paste and sugar to Dutch oven. Simmer until thickened to sauce consistency, stirri <END>
INPUT: melt, aways, vanilla extract, peppermint extract, powder sugar, all purpose flour
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate Mint Melt-Aways | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup (2 sticks) unsalted butter, room temperature; 2 teaspoons vanilla extract; 1/2 teaspoon peppermint extract; 1/2 cup plus 2 tablespoons powder sugar; 2 cups all purpose flour; 1/4 cup plus 2 tablespoons whipping cream; 2 tablespoons (1/4 stick) unsalted butter; 9 ounces imported white chocolate (such as Lindt), chopped; 1/4 teaspoon peppermint extract; 9 ounces bittersweet (not unsweetened) or semisweet chocolate; 1 tablespoon solid vegetable shortening | INSTRUCTIONS: For cookies: Preheat oven to 350°F. Butter 2 heavy large cookie sheets. Using electric mixer, cream butter and extracts in medium bowl until light. Beat in sugar. Beat in half of flour. Stir in remaining flour. Spoon half of dough into pastry bag fitted with no. 4 star tip. Pipe 2 1/2-inch-long ovals with solid centers on prepared cookie sheet, spacing cookies 1/2 inch apart. Repeat with remaining dough. Bake until golden brown on edges, about 12 minutes. Transfer to paper towels and cool. Preheat oven to 350°F. Butter 2 heavy large cookie sheets. Using electric mixer, cream butter and extract <END>
INPUT: croquetas, onion, bell pepper, virgin olive oil, serrano ham, unsalted butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Manchego and Ham Croquetas | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 teaspoons finely diced onion; 1 1/2 teaspoons finely diced red bell pepper; 2 teaspoons extra-virgin olive oil; 5 ounces serrano ham, finely diced (about 1 cup); 5 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1/2 teaspoon smoked paprika; 1/3 cup plus 2 tablespoons all-purpose flour, plus more for dredging; 2 cups whole milk; Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper; 1 cup grated manchego cheese (about 4 ounces); 1 1/4-ounce packet unflavored gelatin powder; 3 large eggs; 1 cup breadcrumbs; Canola oil, for frying | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook the onion and bell pepper in the olive oil in a saucepan over low heat, stirring, until soft, about 10 minutes. Add the ham and cook, stirring, 10 more minutes. Add the butter and let melt, then add the smoked paprika and flour and cook, stirring, about 5 minutes. Whisk in 1 3/4 cups milk and bring to a simmer. Cook, stirring, until thick, 5 to 7 minutes. Season with salt and pepper. Remove from the heat and stir in the manchego until melted. Scatter the gelatin over the remaining 1/4 cup milk in a bowl and set aside, 5 minutes. Whisk the gelatin mixture until smooth, then stir into the c <END>
INPUT: American, steak, creamed, beef eye round, Kosher salt pepper, vegetable oil, rosemary, Worcestershire sauce
OUTPUT: TITLE: Steak with Creamed Spinach Potatoes | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 1 1/2-pound beef eye round roast; Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper; 1 1/2 tablespoons vegetable oil; 1 sprig rosemary; 1 tablespoon plus 1 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce; 2 russet potatoes (about 8 ounces each); 1 small shallot, finely chopped; 1 tablespoon all-purpose flour; 1/2 cup skim milk; 1 10-ounce box frozen chopped spinach, thawed and squeezed dry; cup reduced-fat sour cream | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Pierce the beef all over with a fork; season with salt and pepper. Heat 1 tablespoon vegetable oil and the rosemary in a large nonstick ovenproof skillet over medium-high heat. Add the beef and cook, turning, until browned, 8 minutes. Drizzle with 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce. Transfer to the oven; roast until a thermometer inserted into the center reaches 125 degrees F for medium rare, about 25 minutes. Transfer to a cutting board and let rest 5 minutes. Meanwhile, pierce the potatoes all over with a fork. Microwave until tender, about 15 minutes. Heat  <END>
INPUT: American, macaroni, prosciutto, leek, celery, button mushrooms, shallots
OUTPUT: TITLE: Macaroni and Cheese with Prosciutto and Taleggio | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons (1/4 stick) unsalted butter; 1 medium leek (white and pale green parts only), chopped; 1 celery stalk, chopped (about 2/3 cup); 2 ounces button mushrooms, sliced; 2 shallots, chopped; 2 garlic cloves, minced; 1 1/2 cups dry white wine; 3 cups whipping cream; 3 fresh thyme sprigs; 1 bay leaf; 1/4 teaspoon whole white peppercorns; 1 pound Taleggio cheese,* rind removed, cut into 1/2-inch pieces; 1/4 cup freshly grated Parmesan cheese; 1 tablespoon chopped whole black truffles from jar* (optional); Ground white pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Melt butter in heavy large pot over medium heat. Add next 5 ingredients; sauté until tender, about 8 minutes. Add wine and simmer until almost all liquid evaporates, about 10 minutes. Add cream, thyme sprigs, bay leaf and peppercorns; bring to simmer. Reduce heat to low; simmer until slightly reduced, about 15 minutes. Remove from heat. Add Taleggio and Parmesan cheeses. Stir until melted and smooth. Discard bay leaf and thyme sprigs. Cool sauce slightly. Puree sauce in 2 batches in blender until smooth. Strain into same pot. Stir in chopped truffles, if desired. Season with salt and white pep <END>
INPUT: gonzo, grapefruits, vodka, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Gonzo Grapefruit | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 whole grapefruits (pink if available), halved; 4 ounces vodka (strictly optional, but you know that Hunter S. Thompson would have it this way); 6 teaspoons brown sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: Set 1 oven rack on the highest level, then preheat broiler. Using a small serrated knife, cut around grapefruit to separate the fruit from the skin and the segments from each other (just like your mother did for you). Pour out a bit of the grapefruit juice to make room for the vodka. Drizzle 1 ounce of vodka over each grapefruit half and let it seep between the slices (I doubt your mother did this for you). Immediately before broiling, sprinkle 1 1/2 teaspoons of sugar over the top of each grapefruit half. Place grapefruit directly on rack under the broiler and broil for 3 minutes. Garnish wit <END>
INPUT: sauce, water, lemon, sugar, kosher salt, Four chicken breasts
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Chicken with White Wine Mushroom Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 cups water; 1 lemon, quartered and juiced; 1/4 cup sugar; 1 cup kosher salt; Four 6-ounce boneless chicken breasts with skin; 4 drops liquid smoke; 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened; 8 sage leaves; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 3 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1 tablespoon olive oil; 1/2 sweet onion, chopped; 8 ounces baby bella mushrooms, sliced; 1/4 teaspoon cayenne pepper; 1/2 cup semidry white wine | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Special equipment: grill pan Preheat oven to 425 degrees F. In a large bowl mix together water, lemon juice, sugar and salt until dissolved. Add lemon quarters and chicken. Marinate for 30 minutes. Remove from marinade and pat dry. Preheat a grill pan over medium heat. Massage 1 drop of liquid smoke into each chicken breast. Salt and pepper generously then rub 1 tablespoon butter over and under skin of each chicken breast, placing 2 sage leaves underneath the skin. Place on hot grill, skin side down, until skin is golden brown, about 5 minutes. Transfer chicken t <END>
INPUT: okra, garlic, cider vinegar, water, hot pepper flakes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pickled Okra | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound okra (3 1/2 to 4 inches long); 6 garlic cloves, peeled; 3 cups cider vinegar (24 fluid ounces); 1 cup water; 1/2 teaspoon dried hot red pepper flakes; 1 1/2 tablespoons dill seeds; 1 tablespoon mustard seeds; 1 1/2 tablespoons kosher salt; 1 tablespoon sugar; Special equipment: 6 (1/2-pt) canning jars with screw bands and lids; an instant-read or candy thermometer | INSTRUCTIONS: Sterilize jars and lids: Wash jars, screw bands, and lids in hot, soapy water, then rinse well. Dry screw bands. Put jars on a rack in a boiling-water canner or a deep 8- to 10-quart pot and add enough hot water to cover by 2 inches. Bring to a boil, covered with lid, and boil 10 minutes. Heat lids in water to cover in a small saucepan until thermometer registers 180°F (do not let boil). Keep jars and lids submerged in hot water, covered, until ready to use. Wash jars, screw bands, and lids in hot, soapy water, then rinse well. Dry screw bands. Put jars on a rack in a boiling-water canner or a <END>
INPUT: Asian, kalbi, onion, garlic, beef, soy sauce, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Kalbi Bun | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1 medium yellow onion, coarsely chopped; 5 large cloves garlic; 1 pound boneless beef (ribeye or prime chuck), sliced 1/8-inch thick; 1 cup soy sauce; 2 tablespoons brown sugar; 2 tablespoons cider vinegar; 1 tablespoon corn syrup; 1 tablespoon sugar; 1 teaspoon sesame oil; One 1-inch piece ginger, pureed; Splash of cola; Splash of apple soda; 2 tablespoons cooking oil; 8 frozen gua bao buns; Spicy Aioli, recipe follows | INSTRUCTIONS: Puree the onions and garlic in a food processor until smooth, adding a splash of water if needed. Pour the puree over the beef and let sit it at room temperature for 45 to 60 minutes. (This step is to tenderize the meat. If you are worried about leaving meat out, place it in the refrigerator for 2 hours.) Whisk the soy sauce, brown sugar, vinegar, corn syrup, sugar, sesame oil, ginger, cola, apple soda and 1/2 cup room temperature water until well incorporated. Pour the mixture over the beef and marinate in the refrigerator for 24 hours. Set a skillet over high heat and get the oil scorching h <END>
INPUT: Italian, Wheat Pizza Dough, chili oil, Oven Tomatoes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Caesar Chicken Pizza | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: Whole Wheat Pizza Dough, recipe follows; 2 tablespoons chili oil; 1/4 cup Oven Dried Tomatoes, recipe follows; 2 cups (8-ounces) shredded or grated mozzarella cheese; 2 cups (8-ounces) grated Fontina cheese; 2 teaspoons chopped fresh thyme leaves; 2 teaspoons chopped fresh oregano leaves; 8 ounces Sauteed Spicy Chicken, recipe follows; 2 tablespoons freshly grated Parmesan; 10 ounces romaine lettuce, chiffonade; 1/2 cup Caesar Vinaigrette, recipe follows; Kosher salt; Freshly ground black pepper; 1/2 ounce freshly shaved Parmesan; 1 package yeast | INSTRUCTIONS: Place a pizza stone on the middle rack of the oven and preheat the oven to 500 degrees F. On a lightly floured surface, stretch or roll out each of the balls of dough into an 8-inch circle. Brush each of the circles with the chili oil and start to layer, dividing the ingredients among the 4 pizzas. Start with the tomatoes, then the mozzarella and Fontina cheeses, the herbs, chicken, and Parmesan. Bake until the pizza crusts are nicely browned, 10 to 12 minutes. Toss the lettuce with the vinaigrette and season lightly with salt and pepper. Remove the pizzas from the oven, arrange the lettuce on <END>
INPUT: Italian, Kosher salt, virgin olive oil, garlic, tomato sauce, leaves basil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken Parmesan | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: Kosher salt; 1/3 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 2 cloves garlic, smashed; 1 8-ounce can tomato sauce; 4 leaves basil, torn, plus more for topping; All-purpose flour, for dredging; 1 large egg; 3/4 cup breadcrumbs; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley; 2 tablespoons grated parmesan cheese; 4 chicken cutlets (about 4 ounces each); 6 ounces angel hair pasta; 4 ounces mozzarella, sliced | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring a pot of salted water to a boil. Heat 1 tablespoon olive oil in a saucepan over medium heat; add the garlic and cook 1 minute. Add the tomato sauce, basil and 1 cup water. Bring to a simmer, then reduce the heat to medium low and cook until thickened, about 12 minutes. Meanwhile, pour some flour into a shallow bowl. Beat the egg with 1/4 cup water in another bowl. Mix the breadcrumbs, parsley and 1 tablespoon parmesan in a third bowl. Coat the chicken with the flour, then with the egg mixture and breadcrumbs. Transfer to a plate. Preheat the broiler. Cook the pasta as the label directs;  <END>
INPUT: Mexican, greens, dressing, pumpkin, onion, few sage leaves, Salt pepper, olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Baked Pumpkin with Lemon, Sautéed Greens, and Toasted Cumin Dressing | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2 pounds/1 kg pumpkin, seeded and chopped into coarse slices; 1 large red onion, peeled and coarsely sliced; A few fresh sage leaves, coarsely torn; Salt and pepper; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1 1/2 teaspoons cumin seeds or ground cumin; Juice of 1/2 lemon; 1 tablespoon olive oil; 1 teaspoon crème fraîche or sour cream; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1 clove garlic, peeled and finely chopped; A handful of Swiss chard; A handful of curly kale | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 425°F/220°C. Put the pumpkin in a roasting pan with the onion and sage. Season and pour over the olive oil. Cook for around 30 minutes, or until the pumpkin is tender. While the pumpkin is cooking, make your dressing. In a small frying pan on a medium heat, toast the cumin seeds. This should only take a minute, and you will know it's ready when the dusk of the cumin is wafting round your kitchen. Cool for a minute, then squeeze the lemon juice into the pan and add the olive oil. Put this into a pitcher or something and leave to the side, stirring in the crème fraîche just b <END>
INPUT: plain, french, Unless you plan, mixing bowl fairly, kneading surface some, rubber spatula either, unwrinkled canvas pastry
OUTPUT: TITLE: Plain French Bread (Pain Français) | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Unless you plan to go into the more elaborate simulation of a baker's oven, you need no unusual equipment for the following recipe. Here are the requi; A 4- to 5-quart mixing bowl with fairly vertical rather than outward-slanting sides; A kneading surface of some sort, 1 1/2 to 2 square feet; A rubber spatula and either a metal scraper or a stiff wide metal spatula; 1 or 2 unwrinkled canvas pastry cloths or stiff linen towels upon which the dough may rise; A stiff piece of cardboard or plywood 18 to 20 inches long and 6 to 8 inches wide, for unmolding dough from canvas to baking sheet; Finely ground cornmeal, or pasta pulverized in an electric blender, to sprinkle on unmolding board so as to prevent dough from sticking; The largest baking sheet that will fit into your oven; A razor blade for slashing the top of the dough; A soft pastry brush or fine-spray atomizer for moistening dough before and during baking; A room temperature thermometer to verify rising-temperature; 3 long loaves, baguettes, 24 by 2 inches; Or bâtards, 16 by 3 inches; Or 6 short loaves, ficelles, 12 to 16 by 2 inches; Or 3 round loaves, boules, 7 to 8 inches in diameter | INSTRUCTIONS: 1) The dough mixturele fraisage (or frasage) Stir the yeast in the warm water and let liquefy completely while measuring flour into mixing bowl. When yeast has liquefied, pour it into the flour along with the salt and the rest of the water. NOTE: We do not find the food processor satisfactory here, since the dough is so soft the machine clogs; however, you can use a heavy-duty mixer with dough hook, and finish it up by hand. _Stir and cut the liquids into the flour with a rubber spatula, pressing firmly to form a dough, and making sure that all bits of flour and unmassed pieces are gathered i <END>
INPUT: schnitzel, olive oil, chicken livers, garlic, Salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Veal Schnitzel | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons olive oil, plus more, for sauteing; 6 ounces chicken livers, coarsely chopped; 1 clove minced garlic; 6 (6-ounce) veal cutlets, pounded out to 1/8-inch thick pieces; Salt and pepper; Flour, for coating; 4 ounces diced bacon; 1 minced onion; 2 cups sliced wild mushrooms; 1 cup white wine; 1/2 cup sour cream; 2 bunches baby arugula, washed | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat olive oil in pan over medium heat and saute chicken livers and garlic. Let livers cool and chop up into medium pieces. Divide evenly among veal and place in the center of each piece. Roll veal around livers and tie. Season with salt and pepper and lightly dredge in flour. Heat up 1 tablespoon of olive oil and brown schnitzel on all sides and set aside. Brown bacon in same pan and add onions cooking until translucent. Add mushrooms and cook over low heat. Pour off any excess fat and add wine. Simmer for 2 minutes and whisk in sour cream. Season with salt and pepper and place schnitzel in s <END>
INPUT: jelly, boiling hot water, sage, turmeric, Sauternes, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sauternes and Sage Jelly | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup boiling-hot water; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh sage; Pinch of turmeric (for yellow color; optional); 1 1/2 cups Sauternes (from a 375-ml bottle); 3 1/2 cups sugar; 1/8 teaspoon salt; 1 Turkish or 1/2 California bay leaf; 1/2 cup liquid fruit pectin; Special equipment: 4 (1/2-pint) canning jars with lids and screw bands; an instant-read thermometer | INSTRUCTIONS: Wash jars, lids, and screw bands in hot soapy water, then rinse well. Dry screw bands. Put empty jars on a rack in a boiling-water canner or an 8- to 10-quart deep pot and add enough water to cover by 2 inches. Bring to a boil, covered, then boil 10 minutes. Remove canner from heat, leaving jars in water. Heat lids in water to cover by 2 inches in a small saucepan until thermometer registers 180°F (do not let boil). Remove from heat. Keep jars and lids submerged in hot water, covered, until ready to use. Pour 1/2 cup boiling-hot water over sage and turmeric in a cup and let steep, covered, 15  <END>
INPUT: smoked turkey wings, granulated garlic, pepper, hot pepper seeds, seasoning salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Collard Greens | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 whole smoked turkey wings or 2 smoked ham hocks, cracked; 1 teaspoon granulated garlic; 1 teaspoon whole black pepper; 1 teaspoon hot pepper seeds; 3 tablespoons seasoning salt; 3 bunches collard greens, or others of your choice; 1 teaspoon salt; 1 tablespoon black pepper; Vinegar, for serving, optional; Chopped onion, for garnish, optional | INSTRUCTIONS: Fill a large stockpot 1/3 with water. Add smoked meat and seasoning. Bring water to a boil, lower the heat and simmer until meat falls apart when touched with tongs or fork. Cut greens into 1/2-inch strips. Wash the greens thoroughly. Add greens to pot, with salt and black pepper. Cook until tender, about 2 1/2 hours. Hints: Add vinegar at serving time. Add chopped onion, if desired. <END>
INPUT: venezuelan, hot dog rolls, hot dogs, onion, cabbage
OUTPUT: TITLE: Venezuelan Hot Dogs | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 8 hot dog rolls, preferably potato; 8 hot dogs, preferably pork; 1 yellow onion; 1/4 head green cabbage; 1 (6-ounce) bag potato chips; Mayonnaise; Mustard; Ketchup | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Fill a large pot that has a flat-bottomed steamer insert with water and bring it to a boil. Arrange the rolls in the steamer, put the hot dogs in the boiling water, and cover with the steamer and lid. Cook until the hot dogs are heated through and the rolls are warm and soft, about 5 minutes. Be careful not to over steam the rolls as they can become soggy. While the dogs are cooking, cut the onion into 6 smaller pieces, put them into a food processor, and pulse until they are finely chopped. Remove the onions to a bowl and do the same with the cabbage. Crush the  <END>
INPUT: American, cheesecake, unsalted butter, graham crackers, granulated sugar, cream cheese, light sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pumpkin-Yogurt Cheesecake | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, plus more for the pan; 8 sheets graham crackers; 1/3 cup plus 1 tablespoon granulated sugar; 12 ounces cream cheese, at room temperature; 1/2 cup packed light brown sugar; 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt; 2/3 cup plain Greek yogurt; 3 large eggs, at room temperature; One 15-ounce can pure pumpkin puree; 2 tablespoons all-purpose flour; 1 tablespoon pumpkin pie spice; 1 tablespoon pure vanilla extract; 2 tablespoons confectioners' sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: Position the oven racks in the center and lower third of the oven. Fill a baking dish or roasting pan about half full with water and place on the lower rack. Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Brush the bottom and sides of a 9-inch springform pan with butter and set aside. Grind the graham crackers and 1 tablespoon of the granulated sugar in a food processor until fine crumbs. Add the butter and 1 tablespoon water and pulse until moistened. Press into the bottom of the prepared pan. Bake on the center rack until firm and browned, 10 to 12 minutes. Let cool completely. Beat the cream cheese, br <END>
INPUT: Pimms No., lemonade, cucumber juice, Cucumber spear, Apple slice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pimm's Cup | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 ounces Pimms No. 1; 3 ounces cold lemonade; 2 cups cucumber juice; Cucumber spear, for garnish; Apple slice, for garnish; 2 ounces cold club soda | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine the Pimms, lemonade, and cucumber juice in highball glass. Garnish with the cucumber and apple and with just a splash of club soda. <END>
INPUT: herbs, maiale, virgin olive oil, juniper berries, rosemary, sage
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pork Roast Braised with Milk and Fresh Herbs (Maiale al Latte ) | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 1 (4 1/2- to 5-pound) boneless pork shoulder roast (without skin), tied; 3 juniper berries (see cooks' note, below), crushed; 2 large rosemary sprigs; 2 large sage sprigs; 1 sprig fresh or 4 dried California bay leaves; 1 garlic clove, chopped; 1 teaspoon fine sea salt; 1/2 cup dry white wine; 3 cups whole milk | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350°F with rack in middle. Heat oil in a wide 5- to 6-quart ovenproof heavy pot over medium heat until it shimmers, then lightly brown roast on all sides with juniper berries and herbs, 8 to 10 minutes total. Add garlic and sprinkle roast with sea salt and 1/2 teaspoon pepper, then cook until garlic is golden, about 1 minute. Pour wine over roast and briskly simmer until reduced by half. Pour milk over roast and bring to a bare simmer. Cover pot and braise in oven, turning roast occasionally, until tender (milk will form curds), 2 to 2 1/2 hours. Transfer roast to a carving boa <END>
INPUT: American, mini, casserole, collard greens, Swiss chard, olive oil, garlic, vegetable stock
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mini Vegetable Casserole Topped with a Fried Duck Egg and Apple Butter | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 bunches collard greens; 2 bunches Swiss chard; 1 tablespoon olive oil, plus more for frying eggs; 6 cloves garlic, minced; 1/2 gallon vegetable stock; 1 tablespoon sea salt; 1 teaspoon cracked black pepper; 2 tablespoons hot sauce (recommended: Tabasco); 2 tablespoons granulated sugar; 1 teaspoon apple cider vinegar; 2 cups chopped preserved sun-dried tomatoes; 6 duck eggs; 6 teaspoons apple butter | INSTRUCTIONS: Clean the collard greens and Swiss chard thoroughly by washing them in a bath of cold water. Chop the greens into 1-inch wide pieces. In an 8-quart stock pot, over medium-low heat, add 1 tablespoon of olive oil and the garlic and saute until slightly brown. Add the greens, the vegetable stock, the salt, cracked black pepper, hot sauce, sugar, and apple cider vinegar. Bring to a boil over medium heat, then reduce the heat to a simmer, and cook covered, for 2 hours. Using tongs, toss the greens periodically. To create mini casseroles, divide the greens evenly among 4-ounce soup bowls or vessels  <END>
INPUT: chai tea bags, milk, honey, Ice cubes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chai Ice Tea | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 8 chai tea bags; 1 cup whole milk; 1/3 cup honey; Ice cubes | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring 4 cups of water to a boil in a medium saucepan. Remove from the heat, add the tea bags and let steep for 5 minutes. Remove the bags, stir in the milk and honey and chill in a pitcher for at least 1 hour. Serve over ice. <END>
INPUT: float, scoops vanilla ice, Seltzer, Angostura bitters, cherry brandy kirsch, Luxardo maraschino cherries
OUTPUT: TITLE: Vanilla Float with Bitters and Cherries | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 scoops vanilla ice cream; Seltzer; 1 tablespoon Angostura bitters; 1 ounce cherry brandy or kirsch (optional); Luxardo maraschino cherries (for serving) | INSTRUCTIONS: Place ice cream in a chilled tall glass. Top with seltzer, bitters, and cherry brandy or kirsch, if desired, and garnish with cherries. Place ice cream in a chilled tall glass. Top with seltzer, bitters, and cherry brandy or kirsch, if desired, and garnish with cherries. <END>
INPUT: countdown, turkey, Salt, lemons, rosemary, thyme
OUTPUT: TITLE: Countdown #4 Classic Roasted Turkey | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: One 16- to 18-pound turkey, neck and giblets reserved; Salt; 2 lemons, halved; 6 sprigs fresh rosemary; 6 sprigs fresh thyme; 6 sprigs fresh sage; 2 Spanish onions, peeled and halved; 1 stick butter, at room temperature; Freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Once preheated, place the oven thermometer in the oven to make sure your oven is reading an accurate temperature and adjust accordingly. Remove the turkey innards and rinse the turkey well. Pat dry and place on a roasting rack set in a roasting pan. Salt the turkey cavity and squeeze the lemons inside the cavity. Stuff with the lemon rinds, herbs, and 2 onion halves. Add the remaining onion halves, all giblets and turkey parts, and 4 cups water to the bottom of the roasting pan. Rub the skin of the turkey with the butter and sea <END>
INPUT: Buttermilk Corn Bread, bacon, butter, onions, celery
OUTPUT: TITLE: Corn Bread Stuffing | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Buttermilk Corn Bread; 8 bacon slices; 5 tablespoons butter; 3 cups chopped onions; 2 cups chopped celery; 1 cup chopped shallots; 4 teaspoons dried rubbed sage; 1 tablespoon dried thyme; 1 1/2 cups pecans, toasted, coarsely chopped; 2 cups canned low-salt chicken broth; 3 large eggs, beaten to blend | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 325°F. Cut corn bread into 3/4-inch cubes. Place corn bread cubes on baking sheet and toast until dry but not hard, about 15 minutes. Cool. Transfer to large bowl. Butter 8x8x2-inch baking dish. Cook bacon in heavy large skillet over medium-high heat until crisp, about 6 minutes. Using tongs, transfer bacon to paper towels; reserve 1/4 cup bacon drippings in skillet. Cool bacon and crumble. Add butter to bacon drippings in skillet and melt over medium-high heat. Add onions, celery and shallots; sauté just until pale golden brown, about 10 minutes. Stir in sage and thyme. Add to <END>
INPUT: Mexican, olive oil, onion, garlic, chicken, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: White Bean and Chicken Chili | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1 large onion, chopped; 4 garlic cloves, minced; 2 pounds ground chicken; 1 teaspoon salt, plus more for seasoning; 2 tablespoons ground cumin; 1 tablespoon fennel seeds; 1 tablespoon dried oregano; 2 teaspoons chili powder; 3 tablespoons flour; 2 (15-ounce cans) cannellini or other white beans, rinsed and drained; 1 bunch (about 1 pound) Swiss chard, stems removed, leaves chopped into 1-inch pieces; 11/2 cups frozen corn, thawed; 4 cups low-sodium chicken stock; 1/4 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. In a large heavy-bottomed saucepan or Dutch oven, heat the oil over medium-high heat. Add the onion and cook until translucent, about 5 minutes. Add the garlic and cook for 30 seconds. Add the ground chicken, 1 teaspoon salt, cumin, fennel seeds, oregano, and chili powder. Cook, stirring frequently, until the chicken is cooked through, about 8 minutes. Stir the flour into the chicken mixture. Add the beans, Swiss chard, corn, and chicken stock. Bring the mixture to a simmer, scraping up the brown bits that cling to the bottom of the pan with a wooden spoon. Simme <END>
INPUT: monkey, bread, granulated sugar, kosher salt, Zest oranges juice, Three buttermilk biscuits
OUTPUT: TITLE: Orange-Vanilla Monkey Bread | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup granulated sugar; Dash kosher salt; Zest of 2 oranges plus juice of 1 orange; Three 7.5-ounce cans buttermilk biscuits (not the flaky kind), chilled thoroughly; 2 sticks (1 cup) salted butter; 3/4 cup packed brown sugar; 1 tablespoon vanilla extract | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: a bundt or tube pan Preheat the oven to 350 F. Fill a large ziptop bag with the granulated sugar, salt and orange zest. Seal the bag and shake it around until the zest and sugar are totally combined. Cut the chilled biscuits into quarters. Add the biscuit pieces to the bag, seal it and shake/toss it around until all the biscuit pieces are coated in the orange sugar. Pour the pieces into a bundt or tube pan and set aside. In a medium pan over medium heat, melt the butter. Stir in the brown sugar, vanilla and orange juice until just barely combined. Pour the mixture all over t <END>
INPUT: Mexican, peppercorns, coriander seed, dill, sea salt, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Seared Salmon, Carrot Tortellini, Red Pepper-Cumin Sauce | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup black peppercorns; 1/2 cup coriander seed; 1/2 cup fresh dill, finely chopped; 2 3/4 cups sea salt; 1 cup plus 2 tablespoons sugar; 1 side salmon, filleted (about 36 ounces); Oil, for sauteing; Butter, for sauteing; Carrot Tortellini, recipe follows; Red Pepper-Cumin Sauce, recipe follows; 19 ounces organic carrots; 7 ounces browned butter, hot; Kosher salt; Freshly ground black pepper; Ground cumin | INSTRUCTIONS: Grind peppercorns and coriander in coffee grinder until coarse. Put this mixture in a bowl and add dill, salt, and sugar. Coat both sides of salmon with this mix and chill for 1 hour. Rub cure off salmon and dry any moisture with a towel before slicing into 1-inch thick pieces. Heat a couple tablespoons of oil and butter together in a large nonstick skillet over medium-high heat. Add as many salmon pieces as will fit, and sear until medium rare or cooked to desired degree of doneness, turning pieces when halfway through cooking. Repeat as needed. Serve salmon with Carrot Tortellini and Red Pep <END>
INPUT: chicken wings, jerk seasoning, dark rum
OUTPUT: TITLE: Jerk Chicken Wings | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 pounds chicken wings (18 wings), disjointed; 2 heaping tablespoons jerk seasoning, Walker's Wood or any other brand; 1/3 cup dark rum | INSTRUCTIONS: Place the chicken wings in a large bowl; discard the tips. Add the jerk seasoning and rum and work into the wings with your hands. Cover and let marinate overnight in the refrigerator. Preheat the broiler. Arrange the wings in a single layer on a pan, place 6 to 7 inches under the broiler, and cook about 7 minutes per side, or until the wings are done; <END>
INPUT: pudding, sauce, milk, sugar, butter, semolina
OUTPUT: TITLE: Semolina Pudding with Red Currant Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 quart milk; 3 1/2 ounces sugar; 1 3/4 ounces butter; 3 ounces semolina; Nonstick cooking spray; 12 1/4 ounces fresh red currants; 1/2 cup water; 1/4 cup sugar; 1 lemon, juiced | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine milk, sugar, and butter in a saucepan and bring to a boil. Add semolina, and cook, stirring constantly, until the mixture thickens. Put the pudding in four 4-ounce cups that are rinsed with cold water and lightly sprayed with nonstick cooking spray. Boil currants with the water, sugar, and lemon juice. Cook until the sugar is dissolved and the currants are very soft, about 10 minutes. Puree mixture in a blender and then push through a strainer to get a smooth sauce. Refrigerate pudding and sauce until cold, about 2 hours. Unmold the pudding onto dessert plates and dress with sauce. <END>
INPUT: Two, orange zest, orange juice, soy sauce, vegetable oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Orange Duck Breasts | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Two (2-pound) whole boneless duck breasts with skin; 1 teaspoon freshly grated orange zest; 1/2 cup fresh orange juice; 1/4 cup soy sauce; 1/4 cup vegetable oil; 2 tablespoons honey; 1 tablespoon white-wine vinegar; 1 teaspoon dried hot red pepper flakes; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 1/3 cup water | INSTRUCTIONS: With a sharp knife halve the whole duck breasts and score the skin in a 1/4-inch cross-hatch pattern. Put the duck in a large resealable bag. In a bowl whisk together the zest, the orange juice, the soy sauce, the oil, the honey, the vinegar, the red pepper flakes, and the salt, pour the marinade over the duck, and seal the bag. Let the duck marinate, chilled, turning the bag occasionally, for 8 hours or overnight. Remove the duck from the marinade, reserving the marinade, pat it dry between paper towels, and season it with salt and pepper. Heat 2 heavy skillets over moderately high heat until <END>
INPUT: American, cheese, penne pasta, unsalted butter, olive oil, leeks, Bechamel Sauce
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mac and Cheese with Leeks and Gorgonzola | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound penne pasta; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, plus 1 tablespoon; 1 tablespoon olive oil; 3 leeks, thinly sliced; Bechamel Sauce, recipe follows; 1/2 cup Gorgonzola, crumbled; 1/4 cup grated Asiago; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh thyme leaves; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh oregano leaves; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh Italian parsley leaves; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1/4 cup unsalted butter; 1 clove garlic, smashed; 1/4 cup all-purpose flour; 3 cups milk | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: 9-inch springform pan Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. In a large pot of boiling salted water cook the pasta until al dente, drain and set aside. In a skillet over medium heat melt 2 tablespoons of butter and oil and cook the leeks until tender but not browned. In a bowl combine the cooked leeks with the Bechamel Sauce, Gorgonzola, Asiago, thyme, oregano, and parsley. Toss the sauce with the pasta until well coated and season, to taste. Grease a 9-inch springform pan with the remaining butter. Fill the springform pan with the pasta mixture and place on a baking sheet. Bake <END>
INPUT: minted, cucumbers, hot house cucumber, chile, handful mint leaves, rice vinegar, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Salmon with Chile Minted Cucumbers | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 small hot house cucumber, sliced thin; 1/2 fresh red chile, sliced thin; 1 handful fresh mint leaves; 1/2 cup rice vinegar; 1 teaspoon sugar; Sea salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 (6-ounce) salmon fillet, without skin; 1 tablespoon sesame seeds; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine the cucumber, chile, and mint in a mixing bowl. Pour in the vinegar, sprinkle with the sugar, salt, and pepper. Toss everything together so the cucumbers are well coated in the vinegar, the cucumbers will soften and the flavors deepen as it sits. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Season both sides of the salmon with a fair amount of salt and pepper. Sprinkle the top of the salmon with the sesame seeds. Place a cast iron or regular ovenproof skillet on the stove over medium heat. Coat the pan with the oil and when it is nice and hot, lay the salmon in the pan, sesame seed-side down. Se <END>
INPUT: stew, beef oxtails, onions, salt, sugar, garlic powder
OUTPUT: TITLE: Oxtail Stew | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 7 pounds beef oxtails; 1 pound onions, minced; 1 ounce salt; 1 ounce sugar; 1/2-ounce garlic powder; 1/4 cup ketchup; 1/3 cup soy sauce; 2 teaspoons liquid browning or soy sauce; 1 teaspoon ground allspice; 2 tomatoes, diced; 1 bunch scallions, minced; 2 cans butter beans, drained; Cornstarch mixed with a little cold water, if necessary | INSTRUCTIONS: Put the oxtails, onions, salt, sugar, garlic powder, ketchup, soy sauce, liquid browning, allspice, tomatoes and scallions in a 10- to 12-quart pot. Fill with enough water to cover everything. Bring to a boil, then reduce the heat to medium or medium-low and cook until tender, 2 hours. Add the beans and stir. Thicken with cornstarch if using. <END>
INPUT: blueberry, compote, grape juice, wine, honey, vanilla bean, nutmeg
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grape, Blueberry, and Apricot Compote | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup white grape juice; 1/4 cup dry white wine; 1 tablespoon honey; 1 vanilla bean, split lengthwise; 1/8 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg; 3/4 cup picked over blueberries; 1/3 cup dried apricots, sliced thin; 1 cup green seedless grapes, halved; 1 tablespoon fresh lime juice, or to taste; 1 teaspoon freshly grated lime zest | INSTRUCTIONS: In a saucepan combine the grape juice, the wine, 1/4 cup water, the honey, the vanilla bean, and the nutmeg and boil the mixture for 2 minutes. Add the blueberries and the apricots and simmer the mixture for 1 minute. Add the grapes and simmer the mixture for 2 minutes. Transfer the fruit with a slotted spoon to a bowl. Remove the vanilla bean, scrape the seeds into the syrup, and boil the syrup for 2 to 3 minutes, or until it is thickened slightly. Stir in the lime juice and the lime zest and pour the syrup over the fruit. Chill the compote, covered, for at least 3 hours or overnight and serv <END>
INPUT: olive oil, chicken breast halves, molasses, fennel, Salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pecan-Stuffed Chicken Breast | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons olive oil, plus for drizzling; 4 boneless skinless chicken breast halves (6 to 7 ounces each), butterflied; 1 tablespoon molasses, mixed with 2 teaspoons hot water; 1 teaspoon ground fennel; Salt and fresh ground pepper; 1 medium onion, diced; 2 cloves garlic, chopped; 1 cup pecans, toasted, roughly chopped; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh tarragon; 3 tablespoons vegetable or canola oil; 1 cup white wine; 1 cup chicken broth; Half 15-ounce can crushed tomatoes; 1/4 teaspoon crushed red pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Special equipment: 6-inch bamboo skewers; a meat pounder Lay out a 15-inch-long piece of plastic wrap on a cutting board and drizzle it with a little olive oil. Lay a butterflied chicken breast, cut side up, on the plastic wrap. Fold the plastic wrap over to cover. Using a meat pounder, pound out the thicker parts of the breast so that it's uniformly thick. Fold the plastic wrap open and brush the chicken breast with the molasses; season with generous pinches of fennel, salt and pepper. (This will be the inside part of the breast that gets stuffed.) Fold the plas <END>
INPUT: dressed, vinaigrette, shallot, Champagne vinegar, olive oil, Kosher salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Butter Lettuce, Mache and Pomegranate Seeds Dressed with Champagne Vinaigrette | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 small shallot, finely chopped; 3 tablespoons Champagne vinegar; 1/3 cup olive oil; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 (4-ounce) package mache; 2 small heads butter lettuce; 1/4 cup pomegranate seeds | INSTRUCTIONS: Add shallot and vinegar to a small bowl. Slowly whisk in olive oil to emulsify. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Add mache and butter lettuce to each plate. Dress with the vinaigrette right before serving. Garnish each serving with pomegranate seeds. You can substitute dried cranberries if you cannot find pomegranate. Dress the salad right before serving. If you serve it too early, it will get soggy for your guests. <END>
INPUT: snack, low fat plain, piece seedless watermelon, lime, mint leaves, Curry powder
OUTPUT: TITLE: Watermelon Snack | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup low fat plain yogurt; 1 1/2 pound piece red or yellow seedless watermelon with rind; 1 lime, cut into wedges; 1/2 cup chopped fresh mint leaves; Curry powder; Cayenne pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Line a small sieve with a coffee filter. Put the yogurt in it, set it over a bowl, and refrigerate 2 hours. Discard the expressed liquid and put yogurt in a small serving bowl. Trim the rind off the watermelon and cut the fruit into pieces a couple inches long and about 1/2-inch square. Arrange on a platter with the limes. Put the mint, curry, and cayenne, in 3 small bowls. Squeeze lime on the watermelon. Dip melon into the yogurt, then into a little curry and as much cayenne as you like and finish with the mint. Nibble on. <END>
INPUT: virgin olive oil, skin, Kosher salt pepper, garlic, rosemary
OUTPUT: TITLE: Garlic-Roasted Chicken | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 4 skin-on, boneless chicken breasts (about 11/2 pounds); Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper; 2 heads garlic; 4 sprigs fresh rosemary; 4 slices sourdough bread, grilled or toasted; 2 tablespoons white wine vinegar | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Heat the olive oil in a large ovenproof skillet over medium-high heat. Season the chicken with salt and pepper and cook, skin-side down, until browned, about 5 minutes. Separate the heads of garlic into cloves but do not peel. Flip the chicken; add the garlic and rosemary to the skillet and transfer to the oven. Roast until the chicken is cooked through but still moist, 15 to 20 more minutes. Place the bread on a platter and top each slice with a chicken breast. Add the vinegar to the skillet and scrape up any browned bits with a wooden spoon. Add 3 tablespoo <END>
INPUT: salad, sugar snap peas, five finger mint, Simple Lemon Dressing, Maldon another flaky, Lemon juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Snap Pea Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound sugar snap peas, trimmed and strings removed (see note); A five-finger pinch of mint leaves (preferably black mint), roughly chopped at the last minute; 1/4 cup Simple Lemon Dressing; Maldon or another flaky sea salt; Lemon juice; Large handful delicate, peppery arugula | INSTRUCTIONS: So long as you find the right snap peas, you'll have a smashing salad. But I find that putting your knife to them adds even more excitement, a little textural variation and attractiveness. Accordingly, run the tip of your knife along the spine of some of the larger pods, open them like a book to expose the peas, and gently pull to separate the two sides of the pod. Slice others diagonally in half or thirds. Keep small ones whole. Combine the peas and mint in a large bowl. Pour in the dressing and toss gently but well. Season to taste with more salt and lemon, if you'd like. Add the arugula to  <END>
INPUT: Italian, butter, onion, garlic, butternut squash, low salt chicken
OUTPUT: TITLE: Butternut Squash and Sage Orzo | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons butter; 1 cup chopped onion; 1 garlic clove, minced; 1 2-pound butternut squash, peeled, seeded and cut into 1/2-inch pieces (about 4 cups); 4 cups canned low-salt chicken broth; 1/2 cup dry white wine; 1 cup orzo (rice-shaped pasta); 1/2 cup freshly grated Parmesan cheese; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh sage | INSTRUCTIONS: Melt butter in a heavy large skillet over medium heat. Add onion and sauté until tender, about 6 minutes. Add garlic and sauté until fragrant, about 1 minute. Add butternut squash and stir to coat. Add 1/2 cup chicken broth and wine. Simmer until squash is almost tender and liquid is absorbed, about 10 minutes. Meanwhile, bring 3 1/2 cups broth to boil in heavy saucepan. Add orzo. Boil until tender but still firm to bite, about 8 minutes. Drain orzo if necessary. Transfer orzo to large bowl. Stir in butternut squash mixture, then Parmesan and sage. Season with salt and pepper. Melt butter in a <END>
INPUT: brined, smelt, apple cider vinegar, kosher salt, sugar, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Brined and Smoked Smelt | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 24 smelt, cleaned with head and tails left on; 1 cup apple cider vinegar; 1/2 cup kosher salt; 1/2 cup sugar; 1 garlic clove, halved; 1 teaspoon juniper berries; 1 teaspoon allspice berries; 1/2 teaspoon whole black peppercorns; 2 to 3 sprigs fresh dill; 1 pound ice | INSTRUCTIONS: Rinse the smelt in cool running water. Set aside. Place all of the remaining ingredients, except the ice, into the electric kettle. Bring to a boil. Add the ice and stir until the mixture is cooled. Transfer the liquid to a 1-gallon ziptop bag along with the smelt. Seal and place in a container so that all of the fish are in the brine. Place in the refrigerator for 30 minutes to 1 hour. Remove the smelt from the brine, rinse and pat dry. Place them onto a paper towel lined sheet pan, layering with paper towels in between if they won't fit in one layer. Allow to dry in the refrigerator overnigh <END>
INPUT: simplest, pilaf, grain quinoa, low salt chicken, kosher salt, pepper, cilantro Italian parsley
OUTPUT: TITLE: Simplest Quinoa and Pine Nut Pilaf | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/4 cups whole grain quinoa (about 7 ounces); 1 3/4 cups low-salt chicken broth (preferably organic); 1/4 teaspoon kosher salt; 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 1/3 cup chopped fresh cilantro or Italian parsley; 1/3 cup pine nuts | INSTRUCTIONS: Place the quinoa in a fine sieve. Rinse under cold running water 1 full minute. Set aside to drain. Bring the broth, salt and pepper to a boil in heavy, medium saucepan over medium-high heat. Stir in the quinoa. Cover, reduce the heat to medium-low and simmer until the quinoa is tender and all the broth is absorbed, about 15 minutes. Turn off the heat. Let the quinoa stand, still covered, for 10 minutes. Meanwhile, preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Scatter pine nuts on a small rimmed baking sheet. Toast the nuts until golden, stirring occasionally, about 5 minutes. Cool on the baking sheet. M <END>
INPUT: Italian, risotto, bacon, onion, kosher salt, pepper, Arborio rice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Risotto with Bacon and Kale | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 4 slices bacon, chopped coarsely; 1 large onion, chopped; 1 teaspoon kosher salt; 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 1 cup Arborio rice; 3 cups low-salt chicken broth, plus 1/4 to 1/2 cup; 3 tablespoons fresh lemon juice (about 1 large lemon); 3/4 cup diced cooked chicken; 3 medium curly kale leaves, stemmed and chopped into 1-inch pieces (about 3 cups); 1 roasted carrot, chopped; 1 roasted parsnip, chopped; 1 roasted shallot, chopped; 1/2 cup freshly grated Parmesan | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Place a rack in the center of the oven. Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. In a large heavy saucepan or braising pan, cook the bacon over medium-high heat until crisp, 8 to 10 minutes. Using a slotted spoon, remove the bacon and drain on paper towels. Add the onions, salt and pepper. Reduce the heat to medium-low and cook until tender, about 5 minutes. Add the rice and stir for 2 minutes. Add 3 cups broth and the lemon juice. Increase the heat and bring the mixture to a boil, stirring occasionally. Cover with a tight lid and bake in the oven for 20 to 25 minutes. <END>
INPUT: bars, Crisco® All Vegetable, firmly light sugar, egg, Pillsbury BEST® All, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Caramel Apple Bars | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 cup Crisco® All-Vegetable Shortening or 3/4 stick Crisco® All-Vegetable Shortening Sticks, plus additional for greasing pan; 1 cup firmly packed light brown sugar; 1 large egg; 1 1/2 cups Pillsbury BEST® All Purpose Flour; 1/2 tsp. salt; 1/2 tsp. baking soda; 1 3/4 cups quick oats, uncooked; 3 to 4 (about 4 cups) Granny Smith or Golden Delicious apples, peeled and chopped into 1/2-inch pieces; 2 tbsps. Pillsbury BEST® All Purpose Flour; 1 tsp. lemon juice; 1 (14 oz.) bag caramel candies, unwrapped | INSTRUCTIONS: HEAT oven to 350 degrees F. Grease a 13 x 9 x 2-inch baking pan with shortening. COMBINE 3/4 cup shortening and brown sugar in large bowl. Beat at medium speed with electric mixer; add egg. Beat until well blended. MIX together 1 1/2 cups flour, salt and baking soda. Add gradually to creamed mixture. Add in oats. Mix until blended. Reserve 1 1/4 cups of mixture for topping. Press remaining mixture into prepared pan. Bake 10 minutes. TOSS apples with 2 tablespoons flour and lemon juice. Distribute apple mixture evenly over partially baked crust. Press in lightly. PLACE caramels in microwave-saf <END>
INPUT: Mexican, vegetable oil, all purpose flour, cornmeal, pepper, paprika
OUTPUT: TITLE: Crispy Cornmeal Okra | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 4 cups vegetable oil; 1/4 cup all-purpose flour; 1/2 cup cornmeal; 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 1/2 teaspoon ground paprika; 1/2 teaspoon garlic powder; 2 egg whites; Kosher salt; 2 cups fresh okra, washed and dried well, tips removed; Chipotle Sour Cream, recipe follows; 1 cup sour cream; Juice of 1/2 lime; 1 canned chipotle pepper in adobo sauce, finely chopped; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large, heavy-bottomed pan, heat the vegetable oil over medium heat until a deep-frying thermometer inserted in the oil reaches 350 degrees F. Prepare a baking tray lined with paper towels. Combine the flour, cornmeal, black pepper, paprika, and garlic powder, in a shallow bowl. Put the egg whites, and a pinch of salt into another bowl, and whisk until the mixture is frothy. Dip the okra in the egg whites and allow the excess egg whites to drip off, then dip the okra into the flour mixture, shake off the excess flour, and gently drop into the preheated oil. Fry the vegetables until golden  <END>
INPUT: heavy cream, sugar, hot strong coffee
OUTPUT: TITLE: Irish Coffee | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup chilled heavy cream; 2 teaspoons sugar; 1 1/2 oz (3 tablespoons) Irish whiskey; 3/4 cup hot strong coffee | INSTRUCTIONS: Whip heavy cream with sugar until it just holds stiff peaks. Pour Irish whiskey into a mug or Irish coffee glass and add enough of the coffee to fill it three-fourths full. Spoon whipped cream on top. Whip heavy cream with sugar until it just holds stiff peaks. Pour Irish whiskey into a mug or Irish coffee glass and add enough of the coffee to fill it three-fourths full. Spoon whipped cream on top. <END>
INPUT: American, polenta, milk, water, cornmeal, garlic, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Polenta with Green Chilies and Cheese | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups milk; 1 cup water; 3/4 cup yellow cornmeal; 3 garlic cloves, minced; 1 teaspoon salt; 1/2 cup freshly grated Parmesan cheese; 1 7-ounce can whole green chilies, drained; 1 cup drained canned corn; 2/3 cup chopped fresh cilantro; 2 cups grated Monterey Jack cheese; 1/2 cup whipping cream | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 400°F. Butter 8 x 8 x 2-inch glass baking dish. Mix first 5 ingredients in heavy medium saucepan. Bring to simmer over medium heat, whisking constantly. Cook until polenta is tender and thickens, stirring often, about 12 minutes. Season with salt and pepper. Stir in Parmesan. Pour half of polenta into prepared dish. Cover with half of chilies and half of corn. Sprinkle with half of cilantro and 1 cup Jack cheese. Drizzle with 1/4 cup cream. Spoon remaining polenta over. Cover with remaining chilies, corn, cilantro and cheese. Pour 1/4 cup cream over. (Can be made 1 day ahead. C <END>
INPUT: gravy, unsalted butter, Neck giblets from, onion, chicken broth, Couple herbs
OUTPUT: TITLE: Turkey Gravy | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, (1/2 a stick); Neck and giblets from a 12- to 14-pound turkey (discard the liver); 1 medium onion, sliced; 8 cups chicken broth, homemade or low sodium canned; Couple sprigs fresh herbs, such as thyme, parsley, rosemary, or sage; 1 bay leaf; Turkey pan drippings; 1/2 cup all-purpose flour; Dash Worcestershire sauce; Salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Melt the butter in a saucepan, over medium-low heat. Add the neck, giblets, onion, and cook stirring occasionally until browned, about 15 minutes. Add the broth, herbs, and bay leaf; cover and simmer over medium-low heat, about 2 hours. (This can be done while your turkey roasts.) Discard the giblets or reserve for chopping and adding to the gravy. Pour all the turkey pan drippings into a liquid measuring cup or a degreasing cup. Set aside to let the fat separate from the darker pan juices. (Put the measuring cup in the freezer to helps them separate.) Ladle off 1/2 cup of the fat from the top <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, loaf, Vegetable oil, all purpose flour, baking powder, homemade Tapenade
OUTPUT: TITLE: Olive Loaf | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: Vegetable oil spray; 17 ounces all-purpose flour, approximately 3 1/2 cups; 3 teaspoons baking powder; 12 ounces pitted, roughly chopped mixed olives, approximately 2 cups; 1/3 cup store bought or homemade Tapenade, recipe follows; 2 large eggs, beaten; 1/2 cup olive oil; 1 cup whole milk; 1 tablespoon honey; 1 1/4 teaspoons kosher salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Spray a standard nonstick loaf pan with vegetable spray, line with parchment paper, and set aside. Place flour and the baking powder in the bowl of a food processor and pulse for 5 seconds. Pour the dry ingredients into a large mixing bowl. Stir in the olives and tapenade. Whisk together the eggs, olive oil, milk, honey and salt. Add this mixture to the dry ingredients and stir to combine; do not mix until smooth. Pour the mixture into the prepared loaf pan and place in the oven. Bake for 75 to 80 minutes, until the internal temperature is 210 degrees F, or a <END>
INPUT: chips, curried, beets stems trimmed, water, sugar, shallot, olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Beet Chips with Curried Sour Cream | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 medium beets with stems trimmed to 1 inch (1 lb total, including greens); 1 cup water; 1 cup sugar; 2 tablespoons finely chopped shallot; 1 tablespoon olive oil; 3/4 teaspoon Madras curry powder; 3/4 cup sour cream; 11/2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh chives; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 1/4 teaspoon black pepper; Special equipment: a Japanese Benriner or other adjustable-blade slicer; a nonstick bakeware liner such as Silpat; Garnish: fresh chives | INSTRUCTIONS: Make chips: Peel beets with a vegetable peeler, then slice paper-thin with slicer, using stems as handles. Bring water and sugar to a boil in a 3-quart heavy saucepan, stirring until sugar is dissolved. Add beets, then remove pan from heat and let stand15 minutes. Drain beets in a colander, discarding liquid, then let stand in colander 15 minutes more. Put oven rack in middle position and preheat oven to 225°F. Line a shallow baking pan with nonstick liner, then arrange beet slices snugly in 1 layer (it's not necessary to use any partial or broken slices) and season with salt and pepper. Bake  <END>
INPUT: Italian, minced, vegetables, corn oil, jumbo sea scallops, butter, shallots, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sea Scallops and Minced Vegetables with Parsley Pesto and Garlic Broth | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 2 ounces corn oil; 6 jumbo sea scallops, seasoned with salt and pepper; 1-ounce whole butter; 3 shallots, chopped; 2 teaspoons garlic, chopped plus 2 tablespoons chopped garlic for pesto; 1/2 green pepper, finely diced; 1/2 red pepper, finely diced; 10 fresh green beans, thinly sliced; 1 can clear chicken broth; 1 lemon, zested; 1 small bunch flat leaf parsley, leaves chopped, plus a few sprigs reserved for garnish; 3 ounces olive oil; 4 to 5 tablespoons Parmesan cheese; Salt and pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Using a non stick pan, add the 2 ounces of corn oil and heat until very hot. Add the seasoned scallops to the pan and allow to cook until golden brown. Add the butter to the pan halfway through cooking to achieve a nutty flavor on the scallops. In a saucepan saute the shallots, 2 teaspoons garlic until translucent. Next, add the diced peppers and the sliced green beans and cook for 3 to 5 minutes over medium high heat. Next, add the chicken stock and the lemon zest. Allow to cook for 15 minutes at a simmer. Using a blender, add the parsley and the oil. Blend this until smooth. Add the Parmesan <END>
INPUT: pilaf, shallots, thyme, garlic, mushrooms
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mushroom and Orzo Pilaf | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 tablespoons (3/4 stick) butter; 2 large shallots, chopped; 4 teaspoons chopped fresh thyme; 2 large garlic cloves, chopped; 3/4 pound mushrooms, sliced; 12 ounces orzo (rice-shaped pasta; about 1 2/3 cups); 3 1/2 cups canned low-salt chicken broth; 1/8 teaspoon ground nutmeg | INSTRUCTIONS: Melt 3 tablespoons butter in large skillet over medium-high heat. Add shallots, 3 teaspoons thyme, and garlic; stir 1 minute. Add mushrooms and sauté until tender but not brown, about 8 minutes. Add remaining 3 tablespoons butter. Mix in orzo, then broth and nutmeg. Bring to boil. Reduce heat to medium-low, cover and simmer until orzo is tender and broth is absorbed, about 15 minutes. Mix in remaining 1 teaspoon thyme. Season with salt and pepper and serve. Melt 3 tablespoons butter in large skillet over medium-high heat. Add shallots, 3 teaspoons thyme, and garlic; stir 1 minute. Add mushroom <END>
INPUT: puffs, sandwich bread, mayonnaise needed, Vidalia sweet onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Onion Puffs | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 5 slices sandwich bread (Pepperidge Farm white bread is best); mayonnaise as needed; 1 small Vidalia or sweet onion, thinly sliced | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. Preheat the broiler. 2. Toast the bread lightly in a toaster oven. Remove the crusts. Cut the slices with a 2-inch round biscuit cutter and spread the rounds lightly with mayonnaise. Put a slice of onion on top of each piece and spread with mayonnaise again. Broil until golden brown. Serve hot. 1. Preheat the broiler. 2. Toast the bread lightly in a toaster oven. Remove the crusts. Cut the slices with a 2-inch round biscuit cutter and spread the rounds lightly with mayonnaise. Put a slice of onion on top of each piece and spread with mayonnaise again. Broil until golden brown. Serve hot. El <END>
INPUT: souffles, sugar additional coating, all purpose flour, milk, egg yolks
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grand Marnier Souffles with Crème Anglaise | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 stick (6 tablespoons) unsalted butter plus additional for buttering ramekins; 1 cup sugar plus additional for coating ramekins; 1/4 cup plus 2 tablespoons all-purpose flour; 1 cup whole milk; 7 large egg yolks; 1/4 teaspoon vanilla; 1/8 teaspoon orange oil*; 2 tablespoons Grand Marnier; 8 large egg whites; Accompaniment:egrave;me anglaise *available at specialty foods shops | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 400°F. Generously butter eight 1-cup (3 1/2 x 2-inch) ramekins and coat with sugar, knocking out excess sugar. In a 1 1/2-quart heavy saucepan melt 3/4 stick butter over moderately low heat and whisk in flour. Cook roux, whisking, 3 minutes. Add milk and cook over moderate heat, whisking, until mixture is very thick and pulls away from sides of pan. Transfer mixture to a bowl and cool 5 minutes. In a large bowl whisk together yolks, vanilla, oil, and a pinch salt, and whisk in milk mixture and Grand Marnier, whisking until smooth. In a large bowl with an electric mixer beat whi <END>
INPUT: martini, shot vanilla vodka, shot hazelnut flavored, shot butterscotch schnapps, Ice cubes, ginger beer
OUTPUT: TITLE: Gingerbread Martini | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 shot vanilla vodka; 1 shot hazelnut-flavored liqueur (recommended: Frangelico); 1/2 shot butterscotch schnapps; Ice cubes; 4 ounces ginger beer (recommended: Reed's Ginger Brew); Float dark rum; Gingerbread man cookie (recommended: Pepperidge Farm), for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Pour first 3 ingredients into a cocktail shaker filled with ice. Shake well. Strain into high ball glass or any 8-ounce glass filled with ice. Top with ginger beer. Pour a little dark rum over the back of a spoon and float on top of the ginger beer. Garnish with a gingerbread man cookie. <END>
INPUT: Italian, green, herb, olive oil, Fresno chile, all purpose flour, cornstarch, confectioners' sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Green Herb Pancakes with Ricotta and Red Chile Oil | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup olive oil; 1 medium red Fresno chile, stemmed and thinly sliced crosswise; 1 2/3 cups all-purpose flour (see Cook's Note); 1/4 cup cornstarch; 1/4 cup confectioners' sugar; 1 tablespoon baking powder; 1/4 teaspoon baking soda; 1 3/4 teaspoons kosher salt; 1 1/4 cups milk; 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted; 2 large eggs; 3/4 teaspoon freshly ground pepper; 1/2 cup finely chopped fresh cilantro; 1/2 cup finely chopped fresh parsley leaves; 1/2 cup thinly sliced scallions | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat the olive oil and chile in a small saucepan over medium-high heat and cook until the chiles start to sizzle and smell fragrant, about 1 minute (do not let them brown). Remove the saucepan from the heat and let cool. Preheat the oven to 200 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with two kitchen towels stacked on top of each other and place in the oven. This will keep your cooked pancakes warm. Whisk the flour, cornstarch, sugar, baking powder, baking soda and 1 1/2 teaspoons salt together in a large bowl. Whisk the milk, melted butter and eggs together in another bowl. Add the milk mixture to the <END>
INPUT: summer, salad, leaf lettuce, shelled peas, Buttermilk dressing, mustard, cider vinegar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Summer Lettuce Salad with Buttermilk Dressing | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 cups packed green leaf lettuce (rinsed, crisped, and broken into pieces); 1 cup shelled fresh green peas, uncooked; Buttermilk dressing, recipe follows; 2 tablespoons prepared mustard; 2 tablespoons cider vinegar; 1 tablespoon light brown sugar; 1 teaspoon salt; 1 teaspoon paprika; 1/8 teaspoon hot red pepper; 1 cup buttermilk | INSTRUCTIONS: Divide the lettuce onto 4 chilled luncheon plates. Top each serving with peas. Drizzle dressing over salads. Stir together the mustard, vinegar, brown sugar, salt, paprika, and red pepper in a pint jar with a tight-fitting lid. Add the buttermilk; cover and shake until combined. <END>
INPUT: spiced, sauce, pecans, sweet potatoes, Salt pepper, vegetable oil, unsalted butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Sweet Potatoes with Pecans and Spiced Maple Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2/3 cup roughly chopped pecans; 3 pounds sweet potatoes, cut into large dice; Salt and pepper; 2 tablespoons vegetable oil; 4 tablespoons unsalted butter; 3 tablespoons maple syrup; 1/4 teaspoon cayenne pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat oven to 450 degrees F and arrange rack in the middle. While oven heats, place pecans on a baking sheet to toast until they smell nutty and are slightly darker, about 5 minutes. Remove from oven and set aside. Place sweet potatoes on a baking sheet, drizzle with oil. Season well with salt and freshly ground black pepper, and toss to coat. Roast until golden brown and tender when pierced with a knife, about 40 to 45 minutes. Meanwhile, melt butter in a small saucepan over medium heat. When it foams, stir in maple syrup and cayenne and let cook briefly, about 1 minute. Serve sweet potatoes w <END>
INPUT: Italian, pizza, active yeast, all purpose flour, kosher salt, Scant olive oil, olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fig-Prosciutto Pizza with Arugula | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 teaspoon active dry yeast; 2 cups all-purpose flour; 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt; Scant 1/4 cup olive oil, plus more for bowl; 2 tablespoons olive oil; Kosher salt; 6 to 8 tablespoons fig spread or jam; 12 ounces fresh mozzarella, sliced thin; Freshly ground black pepper; 6 ounces thinly sliced prosciutto; 1 bunch washed and rinsed arugula; 1 cup shaved Parmesan | INSTRUCTIONS: For the crust: Sprinkle the yeast over 3/4 cup warm (not lukewarm) water in a bowl. In a stand mixer with the paddle attachment, add the flour and salt and, with the mixer running on low speed, drizzle in the olive oil. Keep going until it's mixed through. Next, pour in the yeast/water mixture and mix until just combined. Coat a separate mixing bowl with a light drizzle of olive oil, tip the dough in and form it into a ball. Toss to coat the dough ball in the olive oil, then cover the bowl tightly with plastic wrap and allow the dough to rise for at least an hour, or up to 3 or 4 days. Preheat <END>
INPUT: pepper, cayenne pepper, lemon pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Vodka Pepper Chicken | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons black pepper; 3 tablespoons white pepper; 3 tablespoons red pepper; 3 tablespoons cayenne pepper; 3 tablespoons lemon pepper; 4 (8- to 10-ounce) boneless skinless chicken breasts, whole; 2 tablespoons butter; 4 to 5 green onions, white and green parts, chopped; 2 cloves garlic, minced; 1/4 cup vodka; 1 (16-ounce can) diced tomatoes with juice; 1 cup sliced black olives, drained; 1 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce; 1 teaspoon dried oregano; Serving suggestions: Sour Cream Mashed Potatoes | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 250 degrees F. Mix black, white, red, and lemon pepper together in a pie dish. Rinse chicken and roll while still moist in pepper mixture to coat both sides of breast. Melt butter in a large skillet over medium heat and then add chicken, onions, and garlic. Brown the chicken on both sides. Add vodka and let cook until chicken is cooked through, approximately 8 minutes. Remove chicken from skillet, place on a lined pan, and keep warm in preheated oven. Add tomatoes, olives, Worcestershire, and oregano to the sauce and mix ingredients well with a wooden spoon. Let simmer for 3 to <END>
INPUT: Italian, tart, torta, sugar, egg, milk water, baking powder
OUTPUT: TITLE: Ricotta Tart: Torta di Ricotta | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup sugar; 1/2 cup (stick) unsalted butter; 1 egg; 4 tablespoons milk or water; 1/2 teaspoon baking powder; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 2 1/2 cups flour; 1 1/2 pounds ricotta; 1/2 cup sugar; 4 eggs; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; 1 egg; Salt; Water | INSTRUCTIONS: For the pasta frolla: Combine sugar, butter, egg, milk, baking powder and salt in a large bowl and mix well. Fold in the flour but do not over mix; make sure that the mixture remains cool and does not become pasty. Shape into a disk, wrap in plastic and refrigerate for 30 to 60 minutes, or until firm. For the Ricotta Filling: Place the ricotta in a large bowl stir in the sugar, then the eggs one at a time. Add the vanilla being careful not to over mix. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Cut off 1/2 of the pasta frolla and reserve. Roll 1/2 of the dough into a 14-inch disc and line a 9-inch cak <END>
INPUT: fish, porgy, Kosher salt pepper, marjoram marjoram leaves, tangerines oranges, olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Fish with Tangerine and Marjoram | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 1-1 1/4-pound whole porgy, gray snapper, or branzino, cleaned; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 8 sprigs fresh marjoram plus 1 tablespoon marjoram leaves; 2 tangerines or small oranges, peeled, separated into segments, seeded; 2 tablespoons olive oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Prepare a medium-hot fire in a charcoal grill, or heat a gas grill to medium-high. Make 3 diagonal slices spaced about 1 1/2" apart on each side of fish. Season skin and cavity with salt and pepper. Stuff each fish with 4 herb sprigs and segments from 1/2 tangerine. Rub each fish with 1 tablespoon oil. Grill fish until skin no longer sticks, 3-4 minutes. Using a metal spatula, carefully turn fish and grill until cooked through, about 3-4 more minutes. Transfer to platters and garnish with remaining tangerine segments and marjoram leaves. Prepare a medium-hot fire in a charcoal grill, or heat a <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, strudel, dark rum, raisins, Granny Smith apples, lemon, cinnamon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Apple Strudel | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons dark rum; 1/2 cup raisins; 2 to 3 Granny Smith apples, peeled, cored, halved, and sliced 1/8-inch thick; 1/2 lemon, juiced; 1 teaspoon cinnamon; 1/2 cup sugar, plus 1/4 cup, for sprinkling; 5 sheets phyllo dough; 2 egg whites; 2 teaspoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1/4 cup panko bread crumbs; 1/4 cup chopped almonds; Cinnamon, for garnish; Powdered sugar, for garnish; Caramel sauce, for garnish (store-bought) | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper. Pour rum over raisins and microwave on high for 25 seconds to plump raisins (let sit 10 minutes). In a large bowl, combine the apples, lemon juice, cinnamon, sugar, and plumped raisins. In a medium bowl, whisk together the oil and egg whites, being sure to mix them well. Place 1 sheet of phyllo on work surface and lightly brush with the oil-egg white mixture. Sprinkle 1 tablespoon each of sugar, panko, and almonds, then top with another layer of phyllo and repeat the process four times. Plac <END>
INPUT: Italian, pizza, asparagus spears, pesto sauce, Fontina, plum tomato
OUTPUT: TITLE: Asparagus and Plum Tomato Pizza | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 pound thin asparagus spears; 1 (12-inch) packaged prepared foccacia; 1 cup prepared pesto sauce, store-bought or homemade, recipe follows; 1/2 pound Fontina, diced into small cubes, about 1 1/2 cups; 1 firm plum tomato, seeded and diced; 2 cups fresh basil, packed; 1/4 cup pine nuts, toasted; 1 clove garlic, peeled and smashed; 1/4 to 1/2 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 1/2 cup grated Parmesan; Fresh black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. Trim tough ends off asparagus, leaving 4 or 5-inch long tender tops of spears. Place tops in a small skillet in 1/2-inch of boiling water. Cover the pan and steam asparagus for 2 minutes. Run asparagus under cool water and drain well. Cut spears into 1-inch pieces on the diagonal. Spread a foccacia with a thin layer of pesto sauce. Dot the top of pizza pie with cubed Fontina cheese. Add a scattering of chopped asparagus and diced plum tomatoes. Bake directly on oven rack or on a perforated pizza pan. Bake foccacia pie for 10 minutes <END>
INPUT: American, toffee, almonds, all purpose flour, sugar, lemon peel, cinnamon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Banana-Toffee Pie | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 cup whole almonds, toasted; 1/2 cup plus 1/3 cup all purpose flour; 1/2 cup plus 2 tablespoons sugar; 1 teaspoon grated lemon peel; 1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1/8 teaspoon ground cloves; 1/2 cup (1 stick) chilled unsalted butter, cut into pieces; 1 large egg; 1 tablespoon banana liqueur or brandy; 2/3 cup (packed) golden brown sugar; 1/2 cup (1 stick) unsalted butter; 1/4 cup whipping cream; 1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract; 3 large bananas, peeled, sliced; 2 tablespoons banana liqueur or brandy | INSTRUCTIONS: For crust: Finely grind almonds in processor. Add flour, sugar, lemon peel, cinnamon and cloves and process briefly to combine. Add butter and process using on/off turns until mixture resembles coarse meal. Beat egg and banana liqueur in small bowl to blend. Gradually add enough egg mixture to form moist clumps. Gather dough into ball; flatten to disk. Wrap dough in plastic and refrigerate 2 hours. Preheat oven to 350°F. Roll out dough on lightly floured surface to 13-inch round. Transfer to 10-inch-diameter tart pan with removable bottom. Trim to fit. Freeze crust 15 minutes. Line pie crust w <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, spanaki, olive oil, onions, onion, spinach, dill
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken Breast Spanaki | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup olive oil; 2 stalks fresh green onions, chopped; 1 medium onion, chopped; 1 pound frozen spinach, washed, squeezed to remove excess water; 1/2 cup fresh dill, chopped; 2 whole eggs; 1 pound feta cheese, crumbled; 1 tablespoon ground pepper; 8 large chicken breasts; Olive oil; Lemon; Oregano | INSTRUCTIONS: Pour olive oil in pot over medium heat and add both types of onion. Saute for 1 minute, and then add spinach. Saute for approximately 10 minutes. Preheat the broiler. Pour spinach mixture in a bowl and cool. Add dill, eggs, feta and pepper to spinach mixture and mix very well. Butterfly chicken breasts and fill with spinach/feta mixture. Close the breast and broil for 10 minutes on each side. After 15 minutes, douse chicken breasts with olive oil, lemon and oregano, and serve. <END>
INPUT: cosmos, good vodka, orange liqueur, blood orange juice, lime juice, peels from blood
OUTPUT: TITLE: Blood Orange Cosmos | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups good vodka; 1 cup orange liqueur; 2 cups blood orange juice; 1/2 cup freshly squeezed lime juice (4 limes); 6 generous peels from a fresh blood orange | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine the vodka, orange liqueur, blood orange juice and lime juice in a large pitcher. Fill a cocktail shaker half full with ice, pour the cocktail mixture in, and shake for a full 30 seconds. Pour into chilled martini glasses, rub the rim of each glass with a blood orange peel and add as a garnish. Serve immediately. <END>
INPUT: salad, dressing, bacon, olive oil, wine vinegar, salt pepper, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spinach Salad with Garlic Dressing | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 8 ounces bacon; 3/4 cup olive oil; 1/4 cup red wine vinegar; Pinch salt and pepper; 1 clove garlic, minced; 1 pound leaf spinach, tough stems removed; 8 ounces mushrooms, thinly sliced | INSTRUCTIONS: In a medium skillet, cook the bacon over medium-high heat until just crisp. Drain on paper towels and crumble when cool enough to handle. Set aside. In a small bowl, whisk together the oil, vinegar, salt, pepper and garlic. Wash the spinach leaves very well and spin dry. Tear the leaves into small pieces and place in a medium salad bowl. Add the mushrooms and bacon, and toss to combine. Pour 2/3 cup of the dressing over the salad (reserve the rest for another use) and toss again. Serve immediately. <END>
INPUT: Cornish hens, Kosher salt pepper, lemons, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cornish Hen | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 Cornish hens; 1 stick (8 tablespoons) unsalted butter, softened; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 lemons, halved; 1 yellow onion, quartered; 2 heads garlic, halved; 12 sprigs fresh thyme; 8 carrots, peeled and cut into 1/2-inch pieces; 4 potatoes, peeled and cut into 1/2-inch pieces; 1 1/2 cups chicken broth | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Coat each Cornish hen with 2 tablespoons of the butter and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Into the cavity of each bird, insert a lemon half, an onion quarter, half a garlic head and 3 thyme sprigs. Set aside. Spread the carrots and potatoes in an even layer in a 9-by-13-inch baking dish or roasting pan. Add the chicken broth and then the prepared Cornish hens. Roast until the juices run clear and the hens are golden brown, 45 minutes to 1 hour. <END>
INPUT: lettuce, onions, good balsamic vinegar, good olive oil, kosher salt, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Red Lettuce with Balsamic Onions | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 small red onions; 1/4 cup plus 2 tablespoons good balsamic vinegar; 1 cup good olive oil; 1 1/2 teaspoons kosher salt; 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 6 tablespoons minced shallots (2 large); 2 teaspoons Dijon mustard; 1/4 cup good red wine vinegar; 2 heads red-leaf, washed, spun dry, and torn into pieces | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Cut the onions in 1/2 and slice 1/4-inch thick, place on a baking sheet and toss with: 1/4 cup balsamic vinegar, 1/4 cup olive oil, 1 teaspoon salt and 1/2 teaspoon pepper. Bake for 12 to 15 minutes, until the onions are tender. Remove from oven and toss with 2 more tablespoons balsamic vinegar and cool to room temperature. Whisk together the shallots, mustard, red wine vinegar, 1/2 teaspoon salt and 1/2 teaspoon pepper in a small bowl. While whisking, add 3/4 cup olive oil until emulsified. To assemble, toss enough lettuce for 6 people with dressing, to tast <END>
INPUT: Italian, butter, cinnamon, storebought gnocchi, Salt, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Gnocchi with Cinnamon Butter | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 cup butter (1 1/2 sticks); 1 cinnamon stick; 1 package storebought gnocchi; Salt; 1 tablespoon sugar, plus more to taste; 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Melt the butter with the cinnamon stick in a heavy medium skillet over medium heat until melted, about 2 minutes. Remove from the heat and set aside. Cook the gnocchi in a large pot of boiling salted water until all the gnocchi rise to the surface, about 3 minutes. Discard the cinnamon stick from the butter sauce and reheat the sauce over low heat. Using a slotted spoon, transfer the cooked gnocchi to the hot cinnamon butter in the skillet. Sprinkle with the sugar and cinnamon. Toss to coat and add more sugar, to taste. Spoon the gnocchi and butter sauce into sha <END>
INPUT: pork belly, kosher salt more, pepper more, poblano chiles, habanero chiles
OUTPUT: TITLE: Agave-Glazed Pork Belly with Grilled Pineapple | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 4-pound pork belly (with or without rib bones); 4 teaspoons kosher salt plus more; 2 teaspoons freshly ground black pepper plus more; 6 poblano chiles, stemmed, coarsely chopped; 3 habanero chiles, stemmed, sliced into 1/4" rounds; 3 serrano chiles, stemmed, chopped; 1 cup agave syrup (nectar), divided; Vegetable oil; 1 ripe pineapple (about 3 1/2 pounds), peeled, cored, cut into 1/2" rounds; 1/4 cup apple cider vinegar; Ingredient info: All chiles are available at better supermarkets, farmers' markets, and Latin markets. Agave syrup (nectar) is available at better sup | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 250°F. Season pork belly all over with 4 teaspoons salt and 2 teaspoons pepper. Place chiles in a large roasting pan. Place pork belly, skin side down, on top of chiles; drizzle with 1/2 cup agave. Pour remaining 1/2 cup agave and 2 cups water into pan. Cover pan tightly with lid or two layers of foil. Transfer to oven and cook pork for 3 hours, basting with pan juices every hour. Turn pork over. Cook until very tender, about 4 more hours. Transfer pork to another roasting pan (if bone-in, remove and discard bones). Strain liquid from first roasting pan into a saucepan (there s <END>
INPUT: Italian, risotto, green, lobster shrimp stock, olive oil, Spanish onion, garlic, wine
OUTPUT: TITLE: Saffron Risotto with Grilled Shrimp and Green Onion Vinaigrette | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 5 cups lobster or shrimp stock; 3 tablespoons olive oil; 1/2 medium Spanish onion, finely chopped; 3 cloves garlic, finely chopped; 2 cup white wine; 2 cups arborio rice; 1 tablespoon saffron threads; 1 tablespoon honey; 2 tablespoons coarsely chopped fresh tarragon; Salt and freshly ground pepper; 8 scallions; 1/2 large white onion, cut into chunks; 3 garlic cloves; 1/3 cup rice wine vinegar; 1 cup pure olive oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring stock to a simmer in a saucepan. Heat the olive oil in a large saucepan over medium heat and sweat the onion and garlic until softened but not colored. Raise the heat to high add the wine, and reduce until dry. Reduce the heat, add the rice and saffron and stir until the rice is coated with the oil. Cook 2 minutes. Add 1 cup of the stock and cook, stirring, until absorbed. Repeat with a second cup. As the rice becomes dry, add stock in 1/2 cup increments, cooking and stirring until it is absorbed. Add the honey and tarragon and season to taste with salt and pepper. Blanch the scallions f <END>
INPUT: American, casserole, beans, butter, onion, mushrooms, cream mushroom soup
OUTPUT: TITLE: Green Bean Casserole | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 large bag of frozen green beans, cut or french style, thawed; 2 tablespoons butter; 1/2 cup chopped onion; 2 cups sliced mushrooms; 1 can cream of mushroom soup; 1 cup heavy cream; 1 cup white Cheddar cheese; 1 can fried onion rings | INSTRUCTIONS: In a skillet, melt butter and cook onions for 2 minutes. Add mushrooms and cook until golden. Stir in soup and cream. Bring to a simmer. Stir in the cheddar cheese. Season with salt and pepper. Stir in green beans and toss to coat. Transfer to a buttered casserole. Top with fried onions and bake for 30 minutes or until bubbly. <END>
INPUT: Indian, vegetables, shrimp, olive oil, onion, garlic, tomato paste
OUTPUT: TITLE: Shrimp Stuffed with Apple and Vegetables | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 16 shrimp, size under 15 per pound; 1 tablespoon olive oil; 1 medium onion, sliced; 3 cloves garlic, peeled and smashed; 1 tablespoon tomato paste; 4 ounces dry white wine; Small tied bundle of parsley, thyme and basil; 1/4 teaspoon chopped fresh dill; 1 medium leek, core and outer leaves removed, washed and chopped small; 1 tablespoon butter; 1 medium sweet potato, peeled and small diced (less than ? inch); 8 ounces spinach, trimmed and washed, chopped lightly; 1 apple, peeled, cored and small diced; 6 pieces sun-dried tomato, soaked 15 minutes in 1/2 cup warm water, then chopped, reserve liquid; 1/4 teaspoon curry powder or ground cumin | INSTRUCTIONS: For Sauce: Peel and butterfly shrimp, cutting underside of shrimp 3/4 of the way through. Clean out dark vein, rinse and dry. Rinse and dry shells. Saute shells in medium pot with 1 tablespoon olive oil. Add onion and garlic, color moderately for 2 minutes. Add tomato paste and stir for 2 minutes, then add wine and bundle of herbs. Reduce to half. Add 2 cups cold water and simmer for 30 minutes.; For Stuffing: Sweat leeks in butter for 1 minute. Add sweet potato and cook 2 minutes. Add spinach, apple and tomato, stirring until all items are fairly soft, about 5 minutes. Add curry or cumin powd <END>
INPUT: American, rolled, sandwiches, grain bread, American cheese, Forest ham, butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Ham and Cheese Rolled Sandwiches | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 4 slices whole-grain white bread, crusts removed; 4 slices American cheese; 4 slices Black Forest ham; 1 tablespoon butter | INSTRUCTIONS: Using a rolling pin, flatten out the bread slices. Top each slice of bread with a slice of cheese and a slice of ham. Roll like a mini taco or cigar. Melt the butter in a medium saute pan on medium-high heat. Add the rolled sandwiches and cook until golden brown and crisp on all sides, about 1 minute per side. Serve or wrap in aluminum foil and pack in lunchboxes. <END>
INPUT: Asian, triangles, ham Forest, mayonnaise, bottled mango chutney, coarse grained mustard, sesame seeds
OUTPUT: TITLE: Ham Triangles with Poppy and Sesame Seeds | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 lb thinly sliced baked ham such as Black Forest, finely chopped; 2 tablespoons mayonnaise; 1 1/2 tablespoons bottled mango chutney such as Major Grey's, finely chopped; 1 1/2 tablespoons coarse-grained mustard; 1/2 cup sesame seeds, toasted; 1/2 cup poppy seeds; 16 slices firm whole-wheat bread; 1/2 stick (1/4 cup) unsalted butter, softened | INSTRUCTIONS: Stir together ham, mayonnaise, chutney, mustard, and salt to taste. Put sesame and poppy seeds in 2 separate shallow bowls. Divide bread into 4 stacks. Trim stacks into 2 1/2-inch squares with a serrated knife, discarding crusts. Put 8 bread squares on a work surface in 1 layer, then divide ham mayonnaise among them, spreading evenly to edges. Top each with a plain bread square. Diagonally halve each sandwich with serrated knife. Spread a thin layer of butter on cut edges of both short sides of 1 triangle, then dip 1 buttered side in sesame seeds and the other in poppy seeds. Put, unseeded sid <END>
INPUT: spaetzle, creme fraiche, eggs, vanilla paste extract, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate Spaetzle | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 8 1/2 ounces creme fraiche; 2 eggs; 2 teaspoons vanilla paste or extract; 2 ounces, 70 percent chocolate, melted; 1-ounce sugar; 5 teaspoons salt, plus a pinch; 7 ounces all-purpose flour; 1 1/2 ounces cocoa powder; 1 1/2 ounces atomized chocolate; Olive oil; Macerated Strawberries; Chocolate Meringue; Strawberry Sorbet; 2 cups fresh halved strawberries; 1/2 cup simple syrup (equal parts water and sugar heated until sugar dissolves; cool) | INSTRUCTIONS: Put the creme fraiche, eggs, and vanilla paste in the blender and puree. Pour the melted chocolate into the running blender. Puree until smooth and emulsified. Sift all the dry ingredients (sugar, 5 teaspoons salt, flour, cocoa powder, atomized chocolate) together into a large mixing bowl. Make a well in the center of the bowl. Stir the blended mixture into the dry ingredients. Let it rest 30 minutes at room temperature. Press mixture through a spaetzle press.into a large pot of boiling water. Cook for 1 minute after they float. Drain. Put into a large bowl and toss with a pinch of salt and en <END>
INPUT: Mexican, syrup, turbinado sugar, water, vanilla bean, Zest lime, rum
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pineapple in Lime, Vanilla and Rum Syrup | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup turbinado or raw sugar; 3/4 cup water; 1 vanilla bean; Zest of 1 lime; 2 tablespoons rum, optional; 1 large ripe pineapple; Ice cream, for service | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: wooden skewers Soak the wooden skewers in cold water for at least 30 minutes before broiling or grilling the pineapple. Gently heat the sugar and water together in a saucepan, until the sugar dissolves. Halve the vanilla bean, scrape the seeds from the pod, and add them to the pan. Add the rest of the bean pod, and the lime zest, as well. Simmer the ingredients gently for 10 to 12 minutes, or until the liquid is reduced and syrupy. Add the rum to the mixture, if using. Preheat the broiler on high or preheat a grill to medium-high, and lightly oil the grate. Meanwhile, remove <END>
INPUT: English style mustard, lemon juice, Worcestershire sauce, cayenne
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mustard Lemon Butter | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 stick (1/2 cup) unsalted butter, softened; 1 tablespoon English-style dry mustard; 1 1/2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 1 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce; 1/8 teaspoon cayenne, or to taste | INSTRUCTIONS: In a food processor or in a bowl with a whisk blend together the butter, the mustard, the lemon juice, the Worcestershire sauce, the cayenne, and salt to taste until the mixture is smooth. Transfer the butter to a bowl and chill it, covered, for 8 hours to let the flavors develop. Serve the mustard lemon butter on grilled fish or chicken. In a food processor or in a bowl with a whisk blend together the butter, the mustard, the lemon juice, the Worcestershire sauce, the cayenne, and salt to taste until the mixture is smooth. Transfer the butter to a bowl and chill it, covered, for 8 hours to le <END>
INPUT: syrup, peaches, water, sugar, piece vanilla bean, lemon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Poached Peaches in Vanilla Syrup | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 8 peaches, peeled; 3 cups water; 1 1/2 cups sugar; 2 to 3-inch piece of fresh vanilla bean; 3 slices lemon; 2 cups seedless red or green grapes; 1/2 cup dried cranberries; Fresh mint for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: To peel the peaches, plunge them into boiling water for 2 to 3 minutes. remove and remove peel; cut peaches in half Bring water, sugar, vanilla and lemon slices to a boil. Add the peaches and simmer until tender. Remove the vanilla bean from the syrup and reduce the syrup by a third. Pit the peaches and cut them in quarters. Set them in a bowl, add the grapes and cranberries and pour hot vanilla syrup over them; chill until ready to eat. Eat as is chilled or as a topping for frozen yogurt or pound cake <END>
INPUT: Italian, greek, olive oil, garlic, uncooked shrimp, artichoke hearts, crumbled feta cheese
OUTPUT: TITLE: Greek-Style Pasta with Shrimp | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup olive oil; 4 teaspoons minced garlic; 1 pound uncooked medium shrimp, peeled, deveined; 1 1/2 cups drained canned artichoke hearts, chopped; 1 1/2 cups crumbled feta cheese; 1/2 cup chopped seeded tomatoes; 3 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 3 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley; 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh oregano or 1 1/2 teaspoons dried; 12 ounces angel hair pasta or linguine | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat oil in a large skillet over medium high heat. Add garlic and sauté 30 seconds. Add shrimp and sauté until almost cooked through, about 2 minutes. Add artichokes, feta, tomatoes, lemon juice, parsley and oregano and sauté until shrimp are cooked through, about 2 minutes. Season with salt and pepper. Meanwhile, cook pasta in large pot of boiling salted water until just tender but still firm to bite, stirring occasionally. Drain. Transfer pasta to large bowl. Add shrimp mixture to pasta and toss to coat. Season to taste with salt and pepper and serve. Heat oil in a large skillet over medium  <END>
INPUT: Italian, pesto, broccoli rabe, garlic, walnuts, honey, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Halibut Poached in Olive Oil with Broccoli Rabe Pesto | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 8 ounces broccoli rabe (about 1/2 a bunch); 2 cloves garlic; 1 cup toasted walnuts; 1 tablespoon honey; 1 teaspoon salt; 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 1/2 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 1/4 cup grated Parmesan; 4 cups olive oil; 2 cups vegetable oil; 4 (6-ounce) pieces halibut; Salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring a small pot of salted water to a boil over high heat. Add the broccoli rabe and cook until tender, about 5 minutes. Transfer the cooked broccoli rabe to an ice bath and let cool, about 3 minutes. Shake off the excess water and transfer to a food processor. Add the garlic, walnuts, honey, salt, and pepper process until smooth. With the machine running gradually pour in the extra-virgin olive oil. Transfer the pesto to a small bowl and stir in the Parmesan. Cover and set aside.; In a medium, heavy skillet, heat the olive oil and vegetable oil over medium-low heat. Using a deep-fry thermome <END>
INPUT: sticky rice, coconut milk, palm sugar, salt, mangoes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Coconut Milk Sticky Rice with Mangoes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 cups sticky rice, soaked overnight in water or thin coconut milk and drained; 2 cups canned or fresh coconut milk; 3/4 cup palm sugar, or substitute brown sugar; 1 teaspoon salt; 4 ripe mangoes, or substitute sliced ripe peaches or papayas; Mint or Asian basil sprigs | INSTRUCTIONS: Steam the sticky rice until tender (see Editor's Notes, below). Meanwhile, place the coconut milk in a heavy pot and heat over medium heat until hot. Do not boil. Add the sugar and salt and stir to dissolve completely. When the sticky rice is tender, turn it out into a bowl and pour 1 cup of the hot coconut milk over; reserve the rest. Stir to mix the liquid into the rice, then let stand for 20 minutes to an hour to allow the flavors to blend. Meanwhile, peel the mangoes. The mango pit is flat and you want to slice the mango flesh off the pit as cleanly as possible. One at a time, lay the mang <END>
INPUT: Serrano chili, wine vinegar, Dijon style mustard, sugar, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Marinated Grilled Leeks | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 fresh Serrano chili, seeded and chopped (wear rubber gloves); 2 tablespoons white-wine vinegar; 1 tablespoon Dijon-style mustard; 2 teaspoons sugar; 1 teaspoon salt; 1/4 teaspoon hot sauce; 1/3 cup olive oil; 1 tablespoon caraway seeds, toasted lightly; 2 teaspoons freshly grated lime zest; 3 leeks, trimmed to about 6 inches, split lengthwise, the roots trimmed, the tough outer leaves discarded, and the leeks washed well | INSTRUCTIONS: In a blender blend together the jalapeno, the vinegar, the mustard, the sugar, the salt, and the hot sauce with the motor running add the oil in a stream, and blend the dressing until it is smooth. Transfer the dressing to a large shallow dish and stir in the caraway seeds and the zest. In a kettle of salted boiling water simmer the leeks for 7 to 10 minutes, or until they are just tender, and with tongs transfer them to paper towels to drain. Brush the cut sides of the leeks lightly with some of the dressing and grill the leeks, cut sides down, on a rack set about 6 inches over glowing coals  <END>
INPUT: sugar, maple syrup, olive oil, teriyaki sauce, Kosher salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Maple-Glazed Salmon | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup brown sugar; 1/4 cup maple syrup; 3 tablespoons olive oil; 2 tablespoons teriyaki sauce; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; Four 6-ounce salmon fillets, skin off | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. In a small bowl, combine the brown sugar, maple syrup, olive oil, teriyaki sauce and some salt and pepper. Whisk until fully combined. Arrange the salmon in a single layer in a baking dish. Brush the glaze over the fish, coating evenly. Bake until the fish is cooked through, about 15 minutes. <END>
INPUT: unsalted butter, onion, garlic, tomato paste, hot Spanish paprika
OUTPUT: TITLE: Steamed Clams and Kale | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1 white onion, halved and thinly sliced; 2 cloves garlic, thinly sliced; 1 tablespoon tomato paste; 1/2 teaspoon hot Spanish paprika, plus more for sprinkling; 1/4 teaspoon dried oregano; 1 1/4 cups dry white wine; 1 8-ounce bottle clam juice or 1 cup vegetable broth; 3/4 pound small red-skinned potatoes, halved; 40 littleneck clams (3 to 4 pounds), scrubbed; 1 bunch kale (preferably Tuscan kale), leaves roughly chopped; Crusty bread, for serving (optional) | INSTRUCTIONS: Melt 2 tablespoons butter in a large Dutch oven or pot over medium-high heat. Add the onion and garlic and cook, stirring, until slightly softened, about 4 minutes. Stir in the tomato paste, paprika and oregano and cook, stirring, until the mixture begins to brown, about 2 minutes. Add the wine, clam juice and 1 cup water. Bring to a boil and add the potatoes; cook until almost tender, about 8 minutes. Add the clams to the pot, cover and cook until they begin to open, about 5 minutes. Stir in the kale and the remaining 1 tablespoon butter. Cover and continue cooking until all of the clams open <END>
INPUT: southern, peanut oil, turkey, garlic powder, onion powder, paprika
OUTPUT: TITLE: Southern Fried Turkey | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 gallons peanut oil; One 14-pound turkey, giblets removed; 1 tablespoon garlic powder; 1 tablespoon onion powder; 1 tablespoon paprika; 1 tablespoon kosher salt; 2 teaspoons freshly ground black pepper; 2 teaspoons cayenne pepper; Fresh herbs, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat the oil to 400 degrees F in a deep-fryer. Allow about 1 hour for the oil to come up to temperature and be sure to fry in an open area. Remove the turkey from the refrigerator and let come up to room temperature. Pat the turkey dry with paper towels. Whisk together the garlic powder, onion powder, paprika, salt, black pepper and cayenne in a small bowl. Sprinkle the turkey generously inside the cavity and out with the spice rub. Use your fingers to separate the skin from the breasts and rub the spice mixture into the meat. Carefully and slowly lower the turkey, legs pointing down, into the <END>
INPUT: French, bites, cranberry sauce, puff pastry sheet, brie triangle
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cranberry-Brie Bites | CUISINE: French | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cups cranberry sauce (use homemade or store-bought cranberry sauce); 1 puff pastry sheet; 1 brie triangle, chilled | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat oven to 375 degrees F. Thaw puffy pastry sheet flat. Cut puff pastry sheet into approximately 3-inch squares and place them into mini muffin tins, pressing them into the shape of the muffin hole. Place a 1-inch slice of brie in the center of each puff pastry and then top it with approximately 1 tablespoon of cranberry sauce. Bake 10 minutes or until puff pastry corners are toasted light brown. Let cool 5 minutes before serving. <END>
INPUT: olive oil, unsalted butter, turnips, parsnips, shallots
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sauteed Turnips and Parsnips with Rosemary | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons olive oil; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 3 medium turnips (3/4 lb total), peeled and cut into 1/3-inch dice; 3 medium parsnips (3/4 lb total), peeled, cored if necessary, and cut into 1/3-inch dice; 4 medium shallots (1/2 lb total), cut lengthwise into sixths; 1 garlic clove, chopped; 1 teaspoon finely chopped fresh rosemary | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat oil and butter in a 12-inch heavy skillet over moderate heat until hot but not smoking, then cook turnips, stirring occasionally, until crisp-tender, about 5 minutes. Add parsnips and shallots and cook, stirring occasionally, until golden brown and almost tender, about 10 minutes. Add garlic, rosemary, and salt and pepper to taste and cook, stirring, until vegetables are tender, about 3 minutes more. Heat oil and butter in a 12-inch heavy skillet over moderate heat until hot but not smoking, then cook turnips, stirring occasionally, until crisp-tender, about 5 minutes. Add parsnips and sh <END>
INPUT: cake, yule, all purpose flour, unsalted butter, sugar, vanilla extract, eggs
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pumpkin Chocolate Chip Cake with Beurre Noisette Buttercream for the Yule Log Tree Stump | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 1/4 cups all-purpose flour; 1/4 cup unsalted butter, plus more for greasing the pans, softened; 1 1/4 cups sugar; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; 2 large eggs; One 15-ounce can pumpkin puree; 2 1/2 teaspoons baking powder; 2 teaspoons ground cinnamon; 1/2 teaspoon ground nutmeg; 1/4 teaspoon ground cloves; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 1 1/2 cups chocolate chips; Beurre Noisette Buttercream, recipe follows; 1/2 cup (8 tablespoons) unsalted butter; 3 cups confectioners' sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F and grease two 9-inch round cake pans. In a stand mixer, cream together the butter and sugar until light and fluffy. Mix in the vanilla. Add the eggs one at a time, beating after each addition. Mix in the pumpkin puree. In a separate bowl, mix together the flour, baking powder, cinnamon, nutmeg, cloves and salt. Add the flour mixture to the pumpkin mixture and mix until thoroughly incorporated. Stir in the chocolate chips. Divide the batter between the pans and bake until a toothpick inserted in the center of each comes out clean <END>
INPUT: manti, olive oil, onion, lamb, flat leaf parsley, Salt pepper taste
OUTPUT: TITLE: Manti with Yogurt Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1 large onion, finely chopped; 1 pound ground lean lamb; 1/2 cup chopped fresh flat-leaf parsley; Salt and pepper to taste; 2 cups all-purpose flour plus additional for rolling; 1 teaspoon salt; 1 large egg; 1/2 cup water plus a little more if necessary; 2 cups plain whole-milk yogurt (preferably made from sheep's milk); 4 garlic cloves, mashed to a paste with 1 teaspoon salt; 1/2 stick (1/4 cup) unsalted butter; 3/4 teaspoon fine quality sweet paprika; Coarse salt to taste; 4 dashes hot red pepper sauce, or more to taste | INSTRUCTIONS: To make the filling: Heat the olive oil in a large, heavy skillet over moderate heat until hot but not smoking. Stir in the onion and cook, stirring, until softened, about 5 minutes. Stir in the lamb and the parsley, and cook, stirring and breaking up any lumps, until the lamb changes color. Remove from heat and generously season with salt and pepper. Set aside. To make the pasta: Sift the 2 cups of flour and salt together into a bowl. Make a well in the center and place the egg and 1/2 cup water in the well. Work the dough with your hands or a wooden spoon into a smooth dough. (You might find <END>
INPUT: Italian Japanese eggplants, olive oil, unsalted butter, onions, lamb
OUTPUT: TITLE: Stuffed Eggplant with Lamb | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 Italian or Japanese eggplants; 1 cup olive oil; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 2 onions, finely chopped; 1 pound ground lamb; 3 tomatoes, peeled, seeded and chopped; 2 green bell peppers, seeded and chopped; Salt; 1/2 cup finely chopped fresh parsley; 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice | INSTRUCTIONS: Peel the eggplants lengthwise in 1/2-inch strips "zebra-style," leaving a 1/2-inch strip of skin between each peel. Trim off long stems so eggplant will fit in pan. Heat oil in a large, deep frying pan. In batches, fry eggplant until golden all over and beginning to soften, turning frequently. Transfer eggplant to a baking dish, placing them side by side, and cut a deep slit lengthwise in each eggplant. Set aside. Heat the butter in the skillet, add the onions and saute until soft, 5 to 7 minutes. Add the lamb and cook for 10 minutes. Add the tomatoes, bell peppers and salt, and saute until al <END>
INPUT: gratin, lemon, Kosher salt, artichokes, unsalted butter, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Gratin of Artichoke and Swiss Chard | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 lemon, juiced; Kosher salt; 4 large artichokes; 4 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1 medium onion, thinly sliced; Freshly ground black pepper; 6 whole Swiss chard leaves, well washed, excess water shaken off but leaves not dried; 1 cup heavy cream; 1/2 cup grated Parmesan, preferably Parmigiano-Reggiano; 1/2 cup seasoned bread crumbs | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring a large pot of water to a boil. Add the lemon juice and 2 tablespoons of salt. Snap off the stems of the artichokes and reserve. Trim the artichokes for all but their innermost leaves. Cut about 2 inches off the top of each artichoke and discard. Add the artichokes to the boiling water. Peel the tough outer skin off the stems and add the stems to the water. Place a small bread plate or other weight on top of the artichokes to keep them submerged. Lower the heat to a slow boil and cook until the artichokes' bottoms are just tender when pierced with the tip of a small knife through the bot <END>
INPUT: sausage, pork shoulder, garlic, sage ones, salt, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Garlic Pork Sausage | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 5 pounds pork shoulder, a good mix of lean and fat, cut into 1-inch chunks; 12 cloves garlic, smashed; 1 large bunch fresh sage or 2 small ones, finely chopped; 1/4 cup salt; 2 tablespoons crushed red pepper; 3/4 cup cold water; 1 cup grated Parmesan; Hog casings, rinsed with water run through them and stored in fresh water | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: meat grinder and sausage stuffer In a large bowl, combine the pork, garlic, sage, salt and crushed red pepper. Run the meat mixture through the meat grinder outfitted with the die with the largest holes. Repeat so that all of the meat goes through the grinder twice. Place half of the meat mixture in the bowl of a standing mixer equipped with the paddle attachment. Add half of the water and half of the Parmesan and beat on medium-high for 3 to 4 minutes. Repeat this process with the remaining meat, water and cheese. Make, cook and eat a test patty to make sure the sausage is  <END>
INPUT: Italian, meatballs, lamb, pork, Parmesan, parsley, plain breadcrumbs
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spaghetti and Lamb Meatballs | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound ground lamb; 1 pound ground pork; 1 cup finely grated Parmesan; 1/2 cup chopped fresh parsley; 1/3 cup plain breadcrumbs; 1 large egg; 1 clove garlic, minced; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; Olive oil, for coating the pan; 2 cloves garlic, chopped; 1 yellow onion, chopped; One 28-ounce can pureed tomatoes; 3 sprigs fresh oregano; Salt and pepper; 1 pound spaghetti | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Bring a large pot of well-salted water to a boil for the spaghetti. For the meatballs: In a large bowl, add the lamb, pork, Parmesan, parsley, breadcrumbs, egg, garlic and some salt and pepper. Mix until combined; be sure not to overmix, so the meatballs stay tender. Form into 24 golfball-size balls; place on a large plate, and chill in refrigerator for at least 15 minutes to firm up, so the meatballs don't fall apart when seared. For the sauce: Heat a large Dutch oven over medium-high heat. Add olive oil to coat the pan, then add the meatballs. Cook, turning occ <END>
INPUT: southern, applewood smoked bacon, onion, mustard greens, chicken broth, cider vinegar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Southern Mustard Greens | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 slices thick-cut applewood-smoked bacon, chopped; 1/2 onion, chopped; 4 bunches mustard greens, trimmed and chopped; 2 cups chicken broth; 1 tablespoon cider vinegar; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; Hot sauce, for serving | INSTRUCTIONS: Place the bacon in a large, wide pot and cook over medium heat until some of the fat has rendered and the bacon is light golden, about 5 minutes. Add the onions and cook, stirring occasionally, until softened, about 5 minutes more. Add the mustard greens in batches, letting each batch wilt before adding the next. Add the chicken broth, vinegar, 1/2 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of pepper. Bring to a boil over medium-high heat, then reduce the heat to low and cook, covered, until the greens are very tender, 20 to 25 minutes. Season with salt and pepper and serve with hot sauce on the side. <END>
INPUT: angel, food, egg whites, cream tartar, salt, sugar, hot water
OUTPUT: TITLE: Coffee Angel Food Cake | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cups egg whites (from about 1 dozen eggs), at room temperature; 1 1/4 teaspoons cream of tartar; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1 1/2 cups sugar; 2 to 3 teaspoons hot water; 1 tablespoon instant coffee or espresso; 1 1/8 cup sifted cake flour; 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract; 1/4 cup espresso; 8 ounces confectioners' sugar, sifted; Serving Suggestion: Vanilla frozen yogurt | INSTRUCTIONS: Make the Cake: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. In a mixer fitted with a whisk attachment (or using a hand mixer), whip the egg whites until foamy. Add the cream of tartar and salt and continue whipping until soft peaks form. With the mixer running, gradually add 1 cup of the sugar and continue whipping until stiff and the sugar has dissolved, about 30 seconds. In a small bowl, stir together the hot water and instant coffee to make coffee extract. Using a sieve over a large bowl, sift the remaining 1/2 cup sugar with the pre-sifted cake flour 3 times, to aerate the mixture. Fold the flour mi <END>
INPUT: swirl, water, bars milk chocolate, whipping cream, powdered sugar, caramel sauce
OUTPUT: TITLE: Caramel-Swirl Hot Chocolate | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 5 cups water; 5 3-ounce bars milk chocolate, chopped; 1/4 cup plus 1 cup chilled whipping cream; 1 tablespoon powdered sugar; 3 tablespoons prepared caramel sauce | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring 5 cups water and chocolate to simmer in medium saucepan, stirring to dissolve chocolate. Mix in 1/4 cup cream. (Can be prepared 1 day ahead. Cover and refrigerate. Bring to simmer, stirring frequently, before continuing.) Whip 1 cup cream and powdered sugar in medium bowl until peaks form. Drizzle caramel over and swirl together, forming streaks (do not overmix). Bring 5 cups water and chocolate to simmer in medium saucepan, stirring to dissolve chocolate. Mix in 1/4 cup cream. (Can be prepared 1 day ahead. Cover and refrigerate. Bring to simmer, stirring frequently, before continuing.)  <END>
INPUT: salad, potatoes, cauliflower florets, onion, wine vinegar, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cauliflower-Potato and Caraway Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound small white potatoes; 2 cups small cauliflower florets (about 6 ounces); 1/2 small white onion, thinly sliced; 1/3 cup white wine vinegar; 1 tablespoon sugar; 2 teaspoons caraway seeds; Kosher salt; 6 whole black peppercorns; 5 sprigs fresh dill | INSTRUCTIONS: Put the potatoes in a medium pot, cover with water and bring to a boil over medium-high heat; lower the heat and simmer until fork-tender, 15 to 20 minutes. Add the cauliflower to the pot and cook until fork-tender, 2 to 3 minutes. Drain and let rest until cool enough to handle. Peel off the potato skins (use a clean dish towel to rub off the skins) and cut into chunks. Combine the potatoes, cauliflower and onions in a medium bowl. Combine 1/2 cup water, the vinegar, sugar, caraway, 1/2 teaspoon salt, the peppercorns and dill in a small pot and bring to a simmer. Strain and pour the hot vinega <END>
INPUT: mashed, russet potatoes, salt, low fat milk, Roasted Garlic, virgin olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Garlic Mashed Potatoes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 large russet potatoes (about 2 pounds), peeled and cut into 2-inch pieces; 1 teaspoon salt; 2 to 3 teaspoons warm low-fat milk; 2 tablespoons Roasted Garlic Cloves, recipe follows; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; Freshly ground black pepper; Unpeeled garlic cloves, as needed | INSTRUCTIONS: Put the potatoes in a medium saucepan and add just enough water to cover them. Add 1 teaspoon salt and bring to a simmer over medium heat. Do not boil. Cook for 12 to 15 minutes or until the potatoes are just tender enough to slide off a paring knife when pierced. Drain well and return to the pan. Set the pan over low heat and cook for 1 to 2 minutes to dry the potatoes out. Remove from the heat and lightly mash the potatoes with a fork just to break them up. Stir in the milk, mashed garlic and olive oil. Run the potatoes through a food mill or mash them with a potato masher to the desired con <END>
INPUT: Indian, shrimp, garlic, long piece ginger, vegetable oil, cardamom pods
OUTPUT: TITLE: Shrimp Curry | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 5 cloves garlic; One 3-inch long piece fresh ginger, peeled; 2 tablespoons vegetable oil; 1/4 heaping teaspoon whole cloves; 10 cardamom pods; 8 whole allspice; 1 cinnamon stick, broken in half; 1 bay leaf; 1 medium yellow onion, sliced; 2 teaspoons curry powder; 1/2 jalapeno, or more to taste; 1/2 cup whole, peeled, canned tomatoes (with puree), roughly chopped; 3/4 cup coconut milk; 2 cups water; 2 1/2 teaspoons kosher salt | INSTRUCTIONS: In a small food processor (mini-chopper), combine the garlic and ginger and puree into a paste. Set aside. Heat the oil in a large pot or Dutch oven over medium-high heat. Add the cloves, cardamom, allspice, cinnamon stick, and bay leaf and cook, stirring constantly, until toasted and fragrant and the cinnamon stick unfurls, about 30 seconds. Add the onion and cook, stirring, until lightly browned, about 3 minutes. Add the garlic-ginger paste, curry powder, and jalapeno and cook, stirring, until lightly browned and fragrant, about 1 minute. Add the tomato, coconut milk, and cook, stirring, unt <END>
INPUT: Asian, fritters, canola oil, sushi rice, crab boil seasoning, mayonnaise, parsley leaves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Crab and Sushi Rice Fritters | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1 quart canola oil (approximately, as needed for deep frying); 2 cups cooked sushi rice; 1 tablespoon crab boil seasoning (recommended: Old Bay); 1/2 cup mayonnaise; 1/4 cup chopped fresh parsley leaves; 1/8 cup fresh lemon juice; 1 pound lump crabmeat; 3/4 cup rice flour; 3/4 cup panko bread crumbs (Japanese); Salt and freshly ground black pepper; Cocktail sauce, for dipping | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat oil to 375 degrees F in a deep fryer. Mix rice, crab boil seasoning, mayonnaise, parsley and lemon juice. Fold in crabmeat, trying to avoid breaking up lumps. Mix rice flour and bread crumbs, and season with salt and pepper. Form crab mixture into "cocktail size" balls and roll into flour/bread crumb mixture to coat. Deep fry in hot oil until golden brown and drain. Serve with cocktail sauce or your favorite dipping sauce. Cook's Note: Sushi rice is short-grained rice tossed with a dressing of vinegar, sugar and salt. Asian markets carry a packaged mix of this dressing as well as the shor <END>
INPUT: Mexican, water, kosher salt, sugar, lime juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chile-Lime Fried Chicken | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 4 cups warm water; 1/4 cup kosher salt; 1/4 cup sugar; 1/4 cup lime juice; 1 (4 to 5-pound) chicken, cut into 10 pieces; 4 dry pasilla chiles, stems and seeds removed; 4 dry ancho chiles, stems and seeds removed; 1 teaspoon salt; 1 teaspoon garlic powder; 2 limes, zested; Vegetable oil, for frying; 2 cups all-purpose flour; 1/2 cup cornstarch; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 eggs | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Brine: In a large bowl add the water, salt, sugar and lime juice, stirring to dissolve. Add the chicken and refrigerate, covered, for 12 hours or overnight. Rub: Tear the chiles roughly into 1-inch pieces and toast in a pan over medium heat until fragrant, about 5 minutes. Let cool slightly, then transfer them to a food processor along with the salt, garlic powder and lime zest. Pulse into a coarse powder. Remove the rub to a large bowl. Remove the chicken from the brine and pat dry. Add chicken to the rub and coat all of the pieces well. Let rest on the countert <END>
INPUT: sauce, Two filet mignon, Kosher salt pepper, unsalted butter, shallot, mixed mushrooms
OUTPUT: TITLE: Filet Mignon with Mushroom Red Wine Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Two 1-inch-thick filet mignon steaks; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 3 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1 shallot, minced; 4 ounces sliced mixed mushrooms; 1 cup red wine | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Generously season each side of the steaks with salt and pepper. Let stand at room temperature about 20 minutes before cooking. In a cast-iron (or other heavy-duty) skillet, heat 1 tablespoon of the butter over medium heat. Add half of the shallots and saute until tender for a couple of minutes. Stir in the mushrooms and cook until the water has evaporated, about 5 minutes. Season with salt and pepper. Transfer the cooked mushrooms to a dish and set aside. Wipe the skillet clean. Heat another tablespoon of butter over high heat in the skillet. It will bubble and f <END>
INPUT: twice, baking potatoes, oil, Garlic salt, sour cream, Cheddar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Twice-Smoked Potatoes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 baking potatoes; 2 tablespoons cooking oil; Garlic salt; 4 ounces sour cream; 4 ounces shredded Cheddar, plus more for sprinkling; Salt and pepper; Bacon bits, optional | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Preheat your smoker to 225 degrees F. Wash the potatoes, rub them down with the oil, sprinkle generously with garlic salt, and poke a couple of holes in them. Bake the spuds until tender, about 1 hour. Remove the potatoes and cut them in half lengthwise. Carefully remove the pulp to a bowl and place the skin halves in an aluminum pan. Add the sour cream, cheese, and salt, pepper to the potato pulp and smash together with potato masher. Stuff the reserved potato skins with your mash and sprinkle additional cheese on top (some folks like to add the bacon bits,  <END>
INPUT: Italian, Kosher salt, spaghetti, beet greens, olive oil, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spaghetti with Beet Greens | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: Kosher salt; 12 ounces spaghetti; 1 1/4 pounds beet greens, stems removed and reserved; 1/3 cup olive oil; 6 cloves garlic, thinly sliced; 1/4 to 1/2 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes; 2 tablespoons fresh ricotta or ricotta salata cheese, or Parmesan shavings | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. Bring a large pot of cold water to a boil over high heat and salt it generously. Add the spaghetti and boil, stirring occasionally, until al dente, about 9 minutes. Drain, reserving about 1/2 cup of the cooking water. 2. Meanwhile, cut the beet green stems into 2-inch pieces. Cut the larger leaves into wide ribbons; leave the smaller ones whole. Swish the stems and then the leaves in a big bowl of cold water to clean (in batches if necessary); lift them from the bowl with your fingers, shake them off and blot with a paper towel-they don't have to be really dry. 3. Put the olive oil and garl <END>
INPUT: Indian, southeast, vegetable oil, butternut squash, cumin seeds, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Southeast Asian Squash Curry | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon plus 2 teaspoons vegetable oil, divided; 1 1/2 pound butternut squash, peeled, seeded, and cut into 1/2-inch pieces; 3/4 teaspoon cumin seeds; 1 medium onion, thinly sliced; 1 (14-ounce) can unsweetened coconut milk (do not stir), divided; 1 1/2 to 2 tablespoons Thai Kitchen red curry paste; 1/3 cup water; 1 (2- to 3-inch) cinnamon stick; 3 whole cloves; 5 ounces baby spinach (5 cups packed); 1 tablespoon Asian fish sauce, or to taste; 1/4 cup salted roasted cashews, chopped; Accompaniment: lime wedges | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat 1 tablespoon oil in a 12-inch heavy skillet over medium-high heat until it shimmers. Sauté squash with cumin and 1/4 teaspoon salt until beginning to brown, about 6 minutes. Transfer to a plate. Add remaining 2 teaspoons oil to skillet and cook onion over medium heat, stirring occasionally, until softened, about 5 minutes. Add 1/4 cup coconut milk from top of can and cook, stirring, until fat starts to separate and look glossy, about 2 minutes. Add curry paste and cook, stirring, 2 minutes. Add squash, water, cinnamon, cloves, and remaining coconut milk and simmer, covered, until squash i <END>
INPUT: Mexican, citrus, pineapple, jalapeño chili, garlic, orange juice, lime juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Honey-Citrus Chicken | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 medium pineapple, peeled, cored, coarsely chopped; 1 medium jalapeño chili, seeded, finely chopped; 1 teaspoon minced garlic; 1 cup orange juice; 1/2 cup fresh lime juice; 3 tablespoons soy sauce; 2 tablespoons (packed) chopped fresh cilantro; 2 tablespoons (packed) chopped fresh basil; 1 tablespoon ground black pepper; 1 teaspoon grated orange peel; 1 teaspoon grated lime peel; 8 large skinless boneless chicken breast halves; 2 tablespoons honey; 3 tablespoons butter; Fresh cilantro sprigs | INSTRUCTIONS: Puree pineapple, jalapeño and garlic in blender until almost smooth. Pour pineapple puree into 13 x 9 x 2-inch glass dish. Add orange juice, lime juice, soy sauce, chopped cilantro, chopped basil, black pepper, orange peel and lime peel to puree. Stir to combine. Add chicken to marinade and turn to coat. Cover and refrigerate at least 4 hours, turning often, (Can be made 1 day ahead. Keep chilled.) Remove chicken from marinade. Using rubber spatula, lightly scrape excess marinade from chicken. Strain marinade into heavy medium saucepan. Transfer 1/3 cup marinade to small bowl; whisk in honey.  <END>
INPUT: Italian, sauce, lamb shanks, Salt pepper, olive oil, onion, carrots
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lamb Shanks with Sweet Potato Risotto and Serrano Vinegar Sauce | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 4 lamb shanks, scored on narrow end with knife; Salt and freshly ground pepper; 3 tablespoons olive oil; 1 large onion, coarsely chopped; 2 carrots, coarsely chopped; 2 celery stalks, coarsely chopped; 6 sprigs fresh thyme; 2 cups dry red wine; 4 to 6 cups homemade chicken stock; 2 serrano peppers, finely diced; 1/2 cup dark brown sugar; 1 cup red wine vinegar; Sweet Potato Risotto with Roasted Chanterelles, recipe follows; 8 to 10 cups water; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Season shanks on both sides with salt and pepper, to taste. Heat oil in a large rondeau until almost smoking. Add shanks and sear on both sides until golden brown. Remove shanks to a plate. Add onion, carrots, celery, and thyme to the pan, season with salt and pepper and cook until the vegetables are golden brown. Return the lamb to the pan, add the wine, and cook until completely reduced. Add stock to cover and bring to a boil. Cover and place in the oven. Cook for approximately 2 1/2 hours or until the meat is very tender. Strain sauce through a fine strainer i <END>
INPUT: Mexican, salad, ancho chili powder, light sugar, chile de arbol, cinnamon, cumin
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spicy Shrimp Salad with Smoked Chile Vinaigrette | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons ancho chili powder; 1 tablespoon light brown sugar; 1 teaspoon chile de arbol powder; 1/4 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1/4 teaspoon ground cumin; 24 large shrimp, shelled and deveined; Salt and freshly ground pepper; 3 tablespoons olive oil; 8 ounces arugula, washed and dried; Smoked Chile Vinaigrette, recipe follows; Chopped cilantro leaves, for garnish; 1/4 cup rice wine vinegar; 1 tablespoon chipotle pepper puree in adobo; 1/4 cup chopped fresh cilantro leaves; 1/2 cup olive oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. In a bowl, combine the ancho chili powder, light brown sugar, chile de arbol, cinnamon, and cumin, and set aside. In a medium size bowl, place the shrimp. Salt and pepper the shrimp aggressively. Then, sprinkle the shrimp with the spice mixture on both sides. Place the shrimp on a baking sheet and drizzle with oil. Roast for 4 to 5 minutes, or until just cooked through. Place the arugula in a bowl, drizzle with some of the Smoked Chile Vinaigrette and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Divide the seasoned arugula among 4 plates. Place 6 shrimp around each pla <END>
INPUT: cake flour, baking powder, fine salt, Earl Grey tea
OUTPUT: TITLE: Milk and Honey Tea Cake | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Nonstick cooking spray; 1 1/2 cups cake flour; 1 1/2 teaspoons baking powder; 1 teaspoon fine salt; 2 tablespoons ground Earl Grey tea leaves; 6 large eggs, room temperature, separated; 1/2 cup almond milk, room temperature; 1 cup sugar; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; 2 cups almond milk; One 14-ounce can sweetened condensed milk; 1/4 teaspoon fine salt; 1 tablespoon Earl Grey tea leaves; 2 cups Greek yogurt, such as Fage; 2 tablespoons honey | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. For the tea cake: Position a rack in the center of the oven; preheat to 325 degrees F. Lightly spray a 9-by-13-inch baking pan with nonstick cooking spray. In a medium bowl, whisk together the cake flour, baking powder, salt and tea leaves. In a large bowl, whisk together the egg yolks, almond milk, sugar and vanilla. Place the egg whites in the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the whisk attachment and beat on medium-high speed until stiff peaks form, about 2 minutes. Whisk the flour mixture into the egg yolk mixture. Using a rubber spatula, gently fold in the w <END>
INPUT: benedict, egg yolks, lemon juice, pinches pepper, Fine sea salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Eggs Benedict | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 large egg yolks, room temperature; 1 tablespoon plus 1 teaspoon fresh lemon juice; 8 ounces (2 sticks) unsalted butter, softened; 2 small pinches white pepper; Fine sea salt; Unsalted butter or nonstick spray, for greasing cups; 8 eggs; 4 English muffins, split and toasted; 8 ounces Irish smoked salmon, sliced, or 8 slices prosciutto; 1/2 small red pepper, finely diced; 1/2 small yellow pepper, finely diced; 2 chives, finely chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: For the hollandaise sauce: Fill a medium saucepan (or the bottom half of a double boiler) with 2 inches of water and bring to a simmer. In a medium bowl that fits snugly into the saucepan without touching the bottom (or in the top half of a double boiler), whisk together the egg yolks, lemon juice and 1 tablespoon water. Set the bowl over the simmering water and cook over very low heat, whisking constantly, until the egg yolk mixture is very pale and thick, about 3 minutes; if it begins to heat too quickly and threatens to get lumpy, remove the bowl from the saucepan and whisk for a while befo <END>
INPUT: Mexican, coulis, onion, tomatillos, Anaheim chile, poblano chile, unpeeled garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Seared Salmon with Tomatillo Coulis | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 small red onion; 1/4 pound fresh tomatillos*; 1 fresh green Anaheim chile*; 1 fresh poblano chile*; 3 unpeeled garlic cloves; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1 scant cup cilantro sprigs; 1 scant cup packed fresh spinach leaves; 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 1 tablespoon fresh lime juice; about 1/4 cup water; four 5-ounce pieces salmon fillet with skin; 12 fresh basil leaves; 1 teaspoon Sichuan peppercorns**; 1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Make coulis: Preheat oven to 400°F. Quarter onion. In a shallow baking pan toss onion, tomatillos (in husks), chiles, and garlic cloves with 2 tablespoons olive oil until coated. Roast vegetables in middle of oven until tender, about 25 minutes. Wearing rubber gloves, peel chiles. Cut off tops of chiles and remove seeds and ribs. Discard husks from tomatillos and peel garlic. In a blender purée roasted vegetables and all remaining coulis ingredients except water, adding just enough water, 1 tablespoon at a time, if necessary to facilitate blending. Season coulis with salt. With a paring knife  <END>
INPUT: Asian, toasts, uncooked shrimp, egg, onion, cornstarch, Chinese rice wine
OUTPUT: TITLE: Nori-Sesame Shrimp Toasts | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 6 ounces uncooked shrimp, shelled and deveined; 1 large egg white; 2 tablespoons chopped green onion; 2 teaspoons cornstarch; 1 teaspoon Chinese rice wine or dry sherry; 1 teaspoon minced ginger; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/8 teaspoon sesame oil; 1/8 teaspoon ground white pepper; 3 slices day-old white sandwich bread; 1 large egg, lightly beaten; 3 sheets Japanese seaweed (Nori); 1 tablespoon black sesame seeds; Vegetable oil for deep-frying | INSTRUCTIONS: Make the shrimp paste: Combine the shrimp, egg white, green onion, cornstarch, rice wine, ginger, salt, sesame oil and pepper in the workbowl of a food processor. Process until the mixture is smooth, stopping once or twice to scrape down the sides. Trim the crusts from the bread. Brush 1 side of 1 of the bread slices with the beaten egg and lightly press the nori sheet over the egg. Place the bread on a cutting board, nori side down, and trim any of the nori that extends past the edge of the bread. Spread about 1/3 of the shrimp paste over the bare side of the bread, mounding it slightly in th <END>
INPUT: truffles, heavy cream, smooth peanut butter, semi sweet chocolate, pure vanilla extract, powdered sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate-Peanut Butter Truffles | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup heavy cream (preferably not ultra-pasteurized); 3/4 cup smooth peanut butter (commercially prepared); 24 ounces semi-sweet chocolate, melted; 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract; 1/2 cup powdered sugar; 'Goobers' for truffle center, optional; 1/2 cup Dutch-processed unsweetened cocoa powder; 1/2 to 1 cup finely ground cocktail peanuts (optional) | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: Special Equipment: Medium-mesh sieve Triple mesh sieve or a sifter Food processor to grind nuts, if using (If unavailable, place nuts in a heavy plastic bag and run a rolling pin or wine bottle over them to crush evenly.) To prepare chocolate-peanut butter mixture and chill: Heat cream with peanut butter in a 1-quart heavy bottomed saucepan. Use a whisk to break up peanut butter so it melts evenly. Meanwhile, melt chocolate in the top of a double boiler over barely simmering water. When chocolate and peanut butter is smooth, combine with melted chocolate, using a whisk. Forc <END>
INPUT: American, sandwich, kosher salt, sugar, peppercorns, lemons, pork loin
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pork Loin Sandwich | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 cup kosher salt; 1/2 cup sugar; 2 teaspoons whole black peppercorns; 3 lemons, halved; One 2 1/2- to 3-pound boneless pork loin, tied with butcher twine; 1 tablespoon vegetable oil; 3 yellow onions, sliced 1/3-inch thick; Butter, for toasting; 4 pretzel hot dog buns, split; 1/4 cup yellow mustard, plus more for spreading; Pickled Fresno Peppers, recipe follows; 3/4 cup white wine vinegar; 1 tablespoon sugar; 1 1/2 teaspoons salt; 1 bay leaf | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. In a large bowl, dissolve the salt and sugar in 8 cups of cold water. Add the black peppercorns and squeeze in 2 of the halved lemons. Submerge the pork in the brine for 6 hours. Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F. Remove the pork from the brine and dry off. Heat a large oven-safe skillet (preferably cast iron) over medium-high heat. Add the oil and sear each side of the loin until golden, about 8 minutes total -- keep turning until it's golden all over. Add the sliced onions to the pan alongside the pork, and stir around to coat the onions in fat. Transfer the sk <END>
INPUT: American, thai, salad, garlic, salt, lime juice, soy sauce, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Thai-Style Steak and Green Bean Salad with Spicy Mint Dressing | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 garlic cloves; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/2 cup fresh lime juice; 3 tablespoons soy sauce; 1 tablespoon sugar; 2 4-inch fresh hot chilies (preferably red) or jalapeno peppers, or to taste, seeded and sliced thin crosswise (wear rubber gloves); 1/3 cup thinly sliced fresh mint leaves, or to taste; 1 pound boneless sirloin steak (about 1 1/2 inches thick); Freshly ground black pepper to taste; Vegetable oil for brushing the steak and for frying the shallot; 3/4 cup thin lengthwise slices of shallot; 3/4 pound green beans, trimmed, cut diagonally into 3/4-inch pieces, and cooked until crisp- tender; 1 1/4 cups fresh bean sprouts, rinsed and the ends trimmed | INSTRUCTIONS: Make the dressing: Mince and mash the garlic with the salt until the mixture forms a paste. In a small bowl stir together the lime juice, the soy sauce, the sugar, the garlic paste, the chilies, and the mint until the sugar is dissolved and let the dressing stand at room temperature for 30 minutes to develop the flavors. Sprinkle both sides of the steak generously with the pepper, rubbing the pepper into the meat, and brush them with some of the oil. Grill the steak, seasoned with salt, on a well-oiled rack set 4 to 5 inches over glowing coals, turning it once, for 16 to 18 minutes, or until i <END>
INPUT: strata, plum tomatoes, thyme, virgin olive oil, Kosher salt pepper, milk
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sourdough Strata With Tomatoes and Greens | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 8 plum tomatoes, quartered lengthwise; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh thyme; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 3 cups whole milk; 8 large eggs; 10 ounces Italian fontina cheese, grated (about 3 cups); 1 cup grated parmesan cheese; 1/4 teaspoon cayenne pepper; 1 1-pound loaf sourdough bread, cut into 1-inch cubes (about 8 cups); 4 cups chopped greens, such as kale, spinach or arugula | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Toss the tomatoes with the thyme, olive oil and 1/2 teaspoon each salt and black pepper in a bowl. Spread on a baking sheet and roast, stirring once or twice, until the tomatoes are slightly dried and browned in spots, 1 hour to 1 hour, 15 minutes. Cool completely. Whisk the milk, eggs, fontina, 3/4 cup parmesan, the cayenne, 1 teaspoon salt and 1/4 teaspoon black pepper in a large bowl. Add the bread cubes and greens and toss to coat. Pour into a 3-quart baking dish, then top with the roasted tomatoes. Cover and refrigerate overnight. The next day, preheat t <END>
INPUT: croquettes, vegetable oil, onions, russet potatoes, parsley, eggs
OUTPUT: TITLE: Potato Croquettes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons vegetable oil; 2 large onions, coarsely chopped; 4 pounds large russet potatoes; 3/4 cup finely chopped fresh parsley; 2 large eggs, beaten to blend; 2 teaspoons salt; 1 teaspoon pepper; All purpose flour; Additional vegetable oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat 3 tablespoons oil in heavy large skillet over medium heat. Add onions; sauté until golden, about 15 minutes. Meanwhile, cook potatoes in large pot of boiling salted water until tender, about 45 minutes. Drain. Peel hot potatoes; place in bowl. Mash potatoes well. Cool to lukewarm. Mix in parsley, eggs, salt, pepper and onions. Cool completely. Place flour in dish. Using 1/4 cup potato mixture for each croquette, shape into 1/2-inch-thick patties. Lightly coat each with flour. Place on baking sheet. (Can be made 8 hours ahead. Cover; chill.) Preheat oven to 300°F. Pour additional oil into  <END>
INPUT: salad, dressing, sour cream, olive oil, horseradish, dill, wine vinegar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fennel, Arugula, and Smoked-Trout Salad with Horseradish Dressing | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 tablespoons sour cream; 3 teaspoons olive oil, divided; 2 teaspoons prepared horseradish; 2 teaspoons finely chopped fresh dill; 1 1/4 teaspoons white wine vinegar, divided; 2 cups arugula; 1 1/2 cups thinly sliced fennel bulb; 1/3 cup thinly sliced red onion; 2/3 cup smoked trout or smoked whitefish, coarsely flaked | INSTRUCTIONS: Whisk sour cream, 1 1/2 teaspoons olive oil, horseradish, dill, and 3/4 teaspoon white wine vinegar in small bowl. Season dressing to taste with salt and pepper. Place arugula, fennel, and onion in medium bowl. Add 1 1/2 teaspoons olive oil and 1/2 teaspoon white wine vinegar; toss to coat. Season with salt and pepper. Divide salad between 2 plates. Top with smoked fish. Drizzle horseradish dressing over and serve. Whisk sour cream, 1 1/2 teaspoons olive oil, horseradish, dill, and 3/4 teaspoon white wine vinegar in small bowl. Season dressing to taste with salt and pepper. Place arugula, fenn <END>
INPUT: level American salt, level American bread, Sour milk buttermilk
OUTPUT: TITLE: White Soda Bread | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound (450 grams/ 3 1/4 cups) white flour, preferably unbleached; 1 level teaspoon/1/2 American teaspoon salt; 1 level teaspoon/1/2 American teaspoon bread soda (baking soda)*see note; Sour milk or buttermilk to mix - about 12 to 14 fluid ounces (350 to 412 milliliters) | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. First fully preheat your oven to 450 degrees F (230 degrees C). Sift the dry ingredients. Make a well in the center. Pour all of the milk in at once. Using 1 hand, mix in the flour from the sides of the bowl, adding more milk if necessary. The dough should be softish, not too wet and sticky. When it all comes together, turn it out onto a well floured board. Wash and dry your hands. Knead lightly for a second, just enough to tidy it up, flip over. Pat the dough into a round about 12 inches (2.5 centimeters) and cut a cross on it to let the fairies out! Let the cut <END>
INPUT: American, salad, vinaigrette, Swiss cheese, sack, apple, wedge lemon, thyme
OUTPUT: TITLE: Baby Spinach Salad with Thyme and Dijon Vinaigrette with Crisp Swiss Cheese Crisps | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cups shredded Swiss cheese; 1 sack, 12 ounces, baby spinach or 3/4 pound from bulk bins; 1 small red apple, cored and thinly sliced; 1 wedge lemon; 3 or 4 sprigs fresh thyme, stripped from stems and chopped; 1 rounded teaspoon Dijon mustard; 1 1/2 tablespoons red wine vinegar, eyeball it; 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil, eyeball the amount | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat a nonstick skillet over medium high heat. Add shredded Swiss in small, 2-inch piles to the hot skillet. When the cheese fries to a light golden color at the edges, about 1 minute, and can be moved with a thin spatula, turn the cheese rounds, cook another 15 seconds, then remove rounds from the skillet and transfer rounds to a work surface to cool. The cheese crisps will cool within a minute or so. Repeat to form 12 to 16 crisps, 3 or 4 per salad. Crisps may also be flavored with cracked black pepper and chopped thyme or other herbs. Place spinach in a bowl. After slicing your apple, squee <END>
INPUT: benedict, bacon, vinegar, wheat bread, eggs, egg yolks
OUTPUT: TITLE: Eggs Benedict | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 16 slices bacon; 1 tablespoon white vinegar; 8 slices whole-wheat bread, toasted; 8 eggs; 3 egg yolks, whites reserved for Ham and Cheese Souffle recipe; 1 teaspoon fresh lemon juice; 1 teaspoon Worcestershire Sauce; Salt; Pinch cayenne pepper; 1/2 cup butter, melted, should be hot to the touch; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh parsley leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Line 2 sheet pans with parchment paper. Arrange 8 slices of bacon on each tray and bake until brown and crispy, about 12 to 15 minutes. Fill a large deep-sided skillet 3/4 of the way up with water. Bring to a light simmer over low heat and add the vinegar. Using a 3 1/2-inch biscuit cutter, cut out rounds from the center of each piece of toast. (Reserve the crust for the Round 2 recipe Savory Bread Pudding with Ham). Crack the eggs, 1 at a time, into a small dish or ramekin and slide each into the lightly simmering water. Fan the egg white over the yolk with  <END>
INPUT: Mexican, sauce, beans, onion, epazote marjoram, lard corn oil, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tortillas in Black Bean Sauce | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound dried black beans, rinsed; 1 cup chopped white onion; 4 large fresh epazote sprigs or marjoram sprigs; 2 tablespoons lard or corn oil; 2 large garlic cloves, halved; 1 1/4 teaspoons aniseed, ground or finely crushed in plastic bag or in mortar with pestle; 1/2 cup corn oil (for frying); 18 5- to 6-inch-diameter white corn tortillas; 1 1/2 cups crumbled queso fresco or feta cheese (about 6 ounces); 1/2 cup chopped fresh cilantro; 6 tablespoons crema mexicana* or sour cream; 3 pickled jalapeño chiles, halved lengthwise | INSTRUCTIONS: Place beans in heavy large pot. Add enough cold water to cover by 2 inches. Add 1/2 cup onion, epazote, lard, garlic, and aniseed; bring to boil over high heat. Reduce heat to low, cover, and simmer until beans are just tender, adding more boiling water by cupfuls if less than 1 inch of water covers beans, and stirring occasionally, about 1 hour (beans should have soupy consistency). Season beans generously with salt; continue to simmer until very tender, about 15 minutes longer. (Can be made 2 days ahead. Cool slightly, cover, and chill. Rewarm beans before continuing.) Drain beans, reserving <END>
INPUT: Italian, polenta, milk, salt, pepper, nutmeg
OUTPUT: TITLE: Parmesan Polenta with Ham | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 3 cups milk; 6 tablespoons (3/4 stick) butter, diced; 1 teaspoon salt; 1/4 teaspoon ground pepper; 1/8 teaspoon ground nutmeg; 3/4 cup yellow cornmeal; 1 cup diced ham; 3/4 cup plus 2 tablespoons grated Parmesan cheese; 1 egg, beaten to blend | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine milk, 5 tablespoons butter, salt, pepper and nutmeg in heavy large saucepan. Bring to boil over medium heat. Gradually whisked in cornmeal. Stir until mixture is very thick and beginning to pull away from sides of pan, about 8 minutes. Remove from heat. Mix in ham, 3/4 cup cheese and egg. Transfer polenta to 8 x 8 x 2-inch glass baking dish. Dot with 1 tablespoon butter. Sprinkle with remaining 2 tablespoons cheese. (Can be prepared 1 day ahead. Cover; refrigerate.) Preheat oven to 450°F. Bake polenta uncovered until heated through and beginning to brown on top, about 30 minutes. Cut i <END>
INPUT: fennel bulbs, almonds, virgin olive oil, garlic, raisins
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sautéed Fennel with Almonds, Raisins, and Saffron | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 fennel bulbs (1 pound total), stalks discarded; 1/4 cup whole almonds (preferably Marcona), lightly toasted; 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 10 garlic cloves, finely chopped; 1/4 cup raisins; 2 teaspoons whole coriander seeds; 1/2 teaspoon grated orange zest; 1/4 cup fresh orange juice; Pinch of saffron threads, crumbled; 1/2 cup chopped cilantro; fennel fronds and chervil leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: Slice fennel lengthwise 1/4 inch thick. Coarsely crush almonds by firmly rolling over them with a rolling pin. Heat oil in a 12-inch heavy skillet over medium-high heat until it shimmers, then sauté fennel with garlic, 1/2 teaspoon salt, and 1/2 teaspoon pepper until crisp-tender, about 6 minutes. Stir in almonds, raisins, coriander, zest, juice, and saffron and sauté until raisins start to plump, about 2 minutes. Stir in cilantro just before serving at room temperature. Slice fennel lengthwise 1/4 inch thick. Coarsely crush almonds by firmly rolling over them with a rolling pin. Heat oil in a <END>
INPUT: sorghum syrup honey, orange zest, thyme, sea salt, figs
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fig and Thyme Jam | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup sorghum syrup or honey; 1 teaspoon finely grated orange zest; 2 sprigs thyme; Pinch of sea salt; 1 pound fresh figs, stemmed, quartered | INSTRUCTIONS: Place sorghum syrup in a medium saucepan. Bring to a simmer over medium heat. Add orange zest, thyme sprigs, and pinch of salt. Simmer sorghum mixture for 1 minute. Add figs. Continue to simmer, gently stirring occasionally, until figs are soft but still hold their shape, 5-10 minutes, depending on firmness of figs. Let jam cool. DO AHEAD: Jam can be made 2 weeks ahead. Transfer to a jar. Cover and chill. Place sorghum syrup in a medium saucepan. Bring to a simmer over medium heat. Add orange zest, thyme sprigs, and pinch of salt. Simmer sorghum mixture for 1 minute. Add figs. Continue to simm <END>
INPUT: porcini mushrooms, boiling water, hot Italian sausages, shallots, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spinach Porcini Stuffing | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2-ounce package dried porcini mushrooms*; 1 cup boiling water; 2 hot Italian sausages (6 to 7 ounces total), casings removed; 1/2 cup chopped shallots (3 large); 3 garlic cloves, chopped; 2 cups 1/3-inch cubes crustless day-old country-style bread; 1 10-ounce package frozen chopped spinach, thawed, squeezed very dry; 1 teaspoon chopped fresh rosemary; Coarse kosher salt; 1 large egg | INSTRUCTIONS: Place porcini in small bowl; pour 1 cup boiling water over. Let stand until soft, about 45 minutes. Drain, reserving soaking liquid. Chop porcini; set aside. Heat large nonstick skillet over medium heat. Add sausage; sauté until brown, breaking up into small pieces with back of fork. Add porcini, shallots, and garlic. Reduce heat to medium-low; cover and cook until sausage is cooked through, stirring occasionally, about 5 minutes. Transfer sausage mixture and any juices to medium bowl. Stir bread cubes, spinach, and rosemary into sausage mixture. Season with coarse salt and pepper. Mix in 1/4  <END>
INPUT: moroccan, harissa, bell peppers, chile peppers Fresno, olive oil, Salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Moroccan Red Harissa Chicken | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 red bell peppers; 3 red chile peppers such as Fresno or Holland finger peppers; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 8 boneless, skinless chicken thighs; Salt and pepper; 3 cloves garlic, chopped; 1 bay leaf; 1 small piece cinnamon stick or a pinch ground cinnamon; 1 inch fresh ginger root, peeled and grated or pasted; 1 onion, finely chopped; 2 teaspoons smoked sweet paprika (2/3 palmful); 1 teaspoon ground cumin (1/3 palmful); White wine vinegar; 2 1/2 cups chicken stock; 1 tablespoon butter | INSTRUCTIONS: Char the bell and chile peppers under a hot broiler until the skins are evenly blackened. Place in a bowl and cover to cool to handle. Wipe the charred skins away with paper towels and seed the peppers. Reserve for later use. Heat a large skillet over medium-high heat, add the oil. Sprinkle the chicken thighs with salt and pepper on both sides. Add the chicken to the hot oil and brown on both sides, 4 to 5 minutes. Remove the chicken to a plate and reduce the heat a bit. Add the garlic, bay leaf, cinnamon, ginger, onions, paprika, cumin and some salt and pepper, and cook to soften a bit, stirr <END>
INPUT: Smucker's® Orchard's Finest®, Jif® Creamy Peanut, Honey wheat braided
OUTPUT: TITLE: Apple Cinnamon Peanut Butter Dip | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup Smucker's® Orchard's Finest® Fall Harvest Cinnamon Apple Preserves; 1/4 cup Jif® Creamy Peanut Butter; Honey wheat braided pretzels | INSTRUCTIONS: STIR preserves and peanut butter until combined. Use as a dip for pretzels. <END>
INPUT: pecans, rosemary, boned quails, salt pepper, cane syrup
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Rosemary-Pecan Quail | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup pecans, roasted and roughly chopped; 1 teaspoon rosemary, finely chopped; 4 boned quails, washed and dried; Pinch salt and pepper; 1/4 cup cane syrup; 1/4 cup melted butter | INSTRUCTIONS: Mix the pecans and rosemary together, and divide into 4 parts. Stuff the cavity of the quail with the mixture. Salt and pepper the quails and grill over hot coals for 5 minutes per side. While the quails are grilling, mix together the cane syrup and butter, and drizzle over the quails immediately after pulling them off the grill, and serve. <END>
INPUT: American, sandwich, Cheddar, bread, butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Cheese Sandwich | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 slices Cheddar, American, or Swiss cheese; 2 slices white bread; 2 tablespoons butter | INSTRUCTIONS: Put the cheese between the slices of bread. Heat 1 tablespoon of the butter in a skillet or grill and when melted add the sandwich. Gently press down with a spatula once or twice during the grilling. When one side is golden, add the remaining tablespoon of butter, turn the sandwich over, and brown. Put the cheese between the slices of bread. Heat 1 tablespoon of the butter in a skillet or grill and when melted add the sandwich. Gently press down with a spatula once or twice during the grilling. When one side is golden, add the remaining tablespoon of butter, turn the sandwich over, and brown.  <END>
INPUT: soup, sweet butter, onion, leek, bay leaf, thyme
OUTPUT: TITLE: Asparagus Soup with Sour Cream | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons sweet butter; 1 small onion, diced; 1 leek, white only, washed and diced (about 1/2 cup); 1 bay leaf; 1/2 teaspoon dry thyme; 2 quarts chicken stock; 2 pounds fresh pencil asparagus, top 2 inches cut off, steamed, and reserved for garnish; 1/2 cup heavy cream; 1/2 cup sour cream | INSTRUCTIONS: Melt butter in soup pot. Add onion, leeks, salt, and pepper and sweat for 5 minutes. In cheesecloth combine bay leaf and thyme and tie to form sachet. Add sachet of herbs to vegetables. Have stock simmering in saucepan. Add hot stock to vegetables, bring to the boil, reduce, and simmer for 20 minutes. Add asparagus bottoms, and continue to simmer for 10 minutes. Remove sachet of herbs. With immersion blender, puree soup (or puree in batches in a standing blender). Carefully strain soup through fine sieve. Return strained soup to the pot and reboil. Add cream and heat through, but do not boil.  <END>
INPUT: Mexican, taquitos, chunky salsa, mild cheddar cheese, fajita size flour, guacamole
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chorizo Taquitos | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 (16-ounce, bulk) package beef chorizo sausage, casing removed; 1 cup medium chunky salsa, drained; 1 cup shredded mild cheddar cheese; 6 fajita-size flour tortillas; 1 cup prepared guacamole (refrigerated section); 1/4 cup sour cream | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. In a large skillet, saute sausage over medium heat until browned, about 6 minutes. Drain 1/4 cup of oil from cooked sausage. Set sausage aside to cool. Stir salsa and cheese into sausage in skillet. Place 1 tortilla on a clean work surface. Spoon 1/4 cup of the sausage mixture down the center of tortilla. Fold tortilla in half, then roll up. Secure with toothpicks. Place on a foil-covered cookie sheet. Repeat 5 times. Bake until filling is hot and tortilla is crisp and golden brown, about 18 minutes. Cut taquitos in half crosswise. Serve hot with guacamole and so <END>
INPUT: Asian, biscuits, self rising flour, Roquefort cheese Le, sesame seeds
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sesame and Roquefort Biscuits | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/4 cups self-rising flour; 1 stick (1/2 cup) cold unsalted butter, cut into 1/2-inch cubes; 1/4 lb chilled Roquefort cheese such as Le Vieux Berger, Société, or Le Papillon, crumbled (1 cup); 1/3 cup sesame seeds (2 oz) | INSTRUCTIONS: Pulse flour and butter in a food processor until mixture resembles coarse crumbs. Sprinkle cheese into mixture and pulse a few times to incorporate. Transfer mixture to a work surface (it will be crumbly) and knead briefly to distribute ingredients (do not overwork), then press together to form a dough and roll into a 7-inch log (about 2 inches in diameter). Wrap tightly in plastic wrap and chill until firm, at least 1 hour. Put oven rack in middle of oven and preheat oven to 350°F. Grease a large baking sheet. Put sesame seeds on a plate. Cut dough into scant 1/4-inch-thick slices with a thin <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, wrapped, Four halibut fillets, Salt pepper, prosciutto, olive oil, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Prosciutto-Wrapped Halibut with Brussels Sprouts and Kale Couscous | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: Four 4- to 6-ounce halibut fillets; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 8 slices prosciutto; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 2 cloves garlic, minced; Zest of 1 lemon; Pinch chile flakes; 2 cups shredded Brussels sprouts; 1 cup shredded kale; 1 cup whole wheat couscous; 1 cup hot chicken stock or water; 1/4 cup dried currants or chopped dried cranberries | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Sprinkle the halibut with salt and pepper. Lay 2 slices of prosciutto on a flat surface, slightly overlapping each other. Place a halibut fillet at the end of the slices and roll up (like a mini burrito). Repeat with the remaining prosciutto and halibut. Heat the oil in a large ovenproof skillet over medium-high heat. Sear the halibut just until the prosciutto gets browned, about 1 minute per side. (If your pan is hot enough, this will happen quickly. This is just for color and crisping the prosciutto; the fish will cook later in the oven!) Transfer the fish  <END>
INPUT: American, unbleached all purpose, confectioners' sugar, salt, lemon zest, butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mango Pie | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 1/2 cups unbleached all-purpose flour; 3 tablespoons confectioners' sugar; 1 teaspoon salt; 1 teaspoon lemon zest; 1 stick butter, chilled; 1/2 cup solid vegetable shortening, chilled; 1/3 to 1/2 cup ice cold water; 1/4 cup almonds, finely chopped; 1 tablespoons unbleached flour, toasted; 5 cups (4 or 5 large) mangoes peeled and cut into 1/2-inch to 3/4-inch slices; 1/2 cup granulated sugar; 1 tablespoon almond extract; 2 teaspoons cinnamon powder; 2 tablespoons flour (or more depending on how wet mixture is); 1 teaspoon lemon zest | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Prepare piecrust by mixing together flour, sugar, salt and lemon zest. Cut butter and shortening into small chunks and add to the dry ingredients. Mix with a pastry blender or 2 forks until the mixture holds together in small crumbs. Sprinkle ice water over mixture and cut until the mixture holds together in balls. Gather it up, pressing it together and then divide into 2 even parts. Wrap in plastic wrap. Refrigerate for at least 30 minutes. Roll out half dough and fit into 9-inch deep-dish pie pan. Weight and bake bottom crust until golden brown. Sprinkle with cho <END>
INPUT: sauce, cider vinegar, ketchup, firmly sugar, salt, hot pepper flakes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Vinegar Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups cider vinegar; 1/2 cup plus 2 tablespoons ketchup; 1/4 cup firmly packed brown sugar, or more to taste; 5 teaspoons salt, or more to taste; 4 teaspoons hot red pepper flakes; 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 1 teaspoon freshly ground white pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine the vinegar, ketchup, brown sugar, salt, red pepper flakes, black pepper, and white pepper with 1 1/3 cups of water in a nonreactive medium-size bowl and whisk until the sugar and salt dissolve. Taste for seasoning, adding more brown sugar and/or salt as necessary; the sauce should be piquant but not quite sour. Combine the vinegar, ketchup, brown sugar, salt, red pepper flakes, black pepper, and white pepper with 1 1/3 cups of water in a nonreactive medium-size bowl and whisk until the sugar and salt dissolve. Taste for seasoning, adding more brown sugar and/or salt as necessary; the  <END>
INPUT: Mexican, passion fruit, shrimp, olive oil, Maui onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Seared Ahi with Passion Fruit-Shrimp Salsa | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 ripe passion fruit; 4 or 5 extra large shrimp (about 4 ounces), peeled, deveined, and diced; 2 teaspoons olive oil; 1/4 cup finely minced Maui onion; 1/2 cup peeled, seeded, and finely diced tomatoes; 2 tablespoons finely sliced scallions; 1 tablespoon finely minced fresh cilantro; 1 teaspoon hot pepper sauce; Salt and freshly ground pepper, to taste; 4 Ahi tuna steaks, about 7 ounces each; 3 tablespoons peanut oil; Salt and freshly ground pepper, to taste; Passion Fruit-Shrimp Salsa (recipe above) | INSTRUCTIONS: Scoop out the pulp from the passion fruit and press through a fine sieve. Reserve the juice (about 1 teaspoon). Coat the shrimp in olive oil and sear in a skillet on high heat until cooked through. Transfer to a stainless steel mixing bowl, add the passion fruit juice and the remaining ingredients, and toss well to combine.; Prepare the salsa and set aside. Coat the Ahi steaks with peanut oil and season with salt and pepper. Heat a dry cast-iron skillet and sear the Ahi over high heat for about 15 to 20 seconds each side for rare (about 1 minute each side for medium-rare). Place the steaks on  <END>
INPUT: French, salad, Yukon gold Charlotte, Salt pepper, wine, pink shallots, wine vinegar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tarragon Potato Salad | CUISINE: French | INGREDIENTS: 4 pounds/2 kg Yukon gold or Charlotte potatoes; Salt and freshly ground pepper; 1/2 cup/125 ml white wine; 2 pink shallots, sliced into very thin rings; 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar; A couple of handfuls torn fresh tarragon leaves and chives; 2 teaspoons Dijon mustard; 1/4 cup/60 ml grapeseed or olive oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Put the potatoes in a pot and cover with cold water. Salt, then bring to a boil, and cook until tender. Cook's Note: The time required will depend on the size of the potatoes. When they are fork tender, drain, peel, and slice into a bowl. Pour over the white wine and mix until absorbed. While the potatoes cook, put the shallots into a small bowl and pour over the red wine vinegar. Leave to macerate 5 minute. Drain thoroughly. Add the shallots, tarragon, and chives to the potatoes. Stir the mustard into the oil, and pour over the potatoes. Season the mixture with salt and pepper. Toss, and serv <END>
INPUT: American, sifted all purpose, salt, cubed lard, ice water, bacon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pork Pie | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups sifted all-purpose flour, plus more for flouring; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 3/4 cup cubed lard (preferably leaf lard), chilled; 1/4 to 1/3 cup ice water; 8 ounces bacon, cut into medium dice; 2 pounds ground pork; Salt; 1 pound russet potatoes, peeled and cut into large dice; 2 cups chopped celery; 1/2 cup chopped celery leaves; 1/2 cup chopped fresh parsley; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh savory or equal parts chopped fresh rosemary and oregano; 2 cloves garlic, chopped; 2 large onions, chopped; Pinch ground cinnamon | INSTRUCTIONS: For the double crust leaf lard pastry: In a bowl, mix the flour and salt together with 2 knives. Cut in the lard until the mixture resembles coarse crumbs. Sprinkle the ice water over the mixture, a spoonful at a time, stirring with a fork and adding just enough water so it holds together. Shape into a ball, press into a flat disc, wrap in plastic wrap and chill for 1 hour. For the pork filling: Heat a 10-inch cast-iron skillet over medium heat. Add the bacon and cook until crisp; remove to a plate. Add the pork and a pinch of salt and brown for 2 minutes; remove to a plate. Add the potatoes,  <END>
INPUT: pancakes, all purpose flour, baking powder, salt, vegetable broth dashi, cabbage
OUTPUT: TITLE: Seafood-Cabbage 'Pancakes' | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups all-purpose flour; 1 teaspoon baking powder; 1 teaspoon salt; 1 cup vegetable broth or dashi; 2 cups shredded white cabbage; 1 egg; 2 cups master seafood mixture, recipe follows; Salt and white pepper; Canola oil, to cook; 1/4 cup oyster sauce; 1/2 cup bonito flakes, for garnish (optional); 1 pound rock shrimp, diced; 1 pound Chilean sea bass, diced; 1 pound bay scallops, diced; 1 egg | INSTRUCTIONS: In a bowl, mix together the flour, baking powder and salt. Whisk in vegetable broth, or dashi, until very smooth. Cover with plastic wrap and let stand 30 minutes. Add cabbage, egg, and seafood mixture. Season with salt and pepper. Using a non-stick pan or griddle on medium heat, coat with canola oil and ladle in crepe mixture as if you were making pancakes. When bubbles form, flip crepe and cook the other side. Both sides should be golden brown. Brush with oyster sauce and garnish with bonito flakes. Slice crepe like a pie and serve immediately. Wine Suggestion: Goldwater Dog Point Marlboroug <END>
INPUT: Asian, eggs, Kosher salt, vegetable oil, low sodium soy, sesame oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Shrimp Fried Rice | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 2 large eggs; Kosher salt; 2 tablespoons vegetable oil; 1 1/2 tablespoons low-sodium soy sauce; 1 teaspoon sesame oil; 1/2 pound medium shrimp, peeled, deveined and cut into pieces; 1 tablespoon minced peeled ginger; 4 ounces fresh or frozen snow peas (thawed, if frozen), halved; 1 cup shredded carrots; 1 bunch scallions, chopped; 3 cups cooked white rice | INSTRUCTIONS: Whisk the eggs with a pinch of salt in a small bowl. Heat 1 tablespoon vegetable oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Add the eggs and cook, without stirring, until almost set, about 1 minute. Flip the egg pancake with a rubber spatula and cook until just set on the other side, about 30 seconds. Transfer to a cutting board and cut into thin strips. Combine the soy sauce, sesame oil and 1 tablespoon water in a small bowl and set aside. Heat the remaining 1 tablespoon vegetable oil in the same skillet over high heat. Add the shrimp and ginger and stir-fry until almost cooked through, ab <END>
INPUT: Italian, puree, carrots, onion, virgin olive oil, Kosher salt pepper, center halibut fillets
OUTPUT: TITLE: Broiled Halibut with Ricotta-Pea Puree | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 3 small carrots, quartered lengthwise; 1 medium red onion, thinly sliced; 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper; 4 6-ounce center-cut skinless halibut fillets (1 3/4 inches thick); 1/2 teaspoon smoked paprika; 1 10-ounce package frozen peas; 1/3 cup ricotta cheese; 1 tablespoon unsalted butter | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the broiler. Line a broiler pan with foil and preheat 5 minutes. Meanwhile, brush the carrots and onion with 1 tablespoon olive oil and season with salt and pepper. Brush the fish with the remaining 2 tablespoons olive oil, season with salt and pepper and sprinkle with the paprika; brush to coat the fish evenly with paprika. Carefully remove the pan from the oven, place the fish in the center and scatter the onion and carrots around. Broil until the fish is golden and just cooked through, 8 to 10 minutes. Meanwhile, microwave the peas in a bowl with 1/4 cup water until just tender, abo <END>
INPUT: mediterranean, salad, very fennel bulb, virgin olive oil, coarse kosher salt, arugula, onions
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mediterranean Salad with Prosciutto and Pomegranate | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups very thinly sliced fennel bulb; 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, divided; 1/4 teaspoon coarse kosher salt; 6 cups arugula (about 4 ounces); 1 cup thinly sliced green onions; 1/4 cup thinly sliced mint leaves; 1 1/2 tablespoons balsamic vinegar; 2 3-ounce packages thinly sliced prosciutto, torn into strips; 1/2 cup pomegranate seeds | INSTRUCTIONS: Toss fennel and 1 tablespoon olive oil in medium bowl. Sprinkle with 1/4 teaspoon salt. Combine arugula, green onions, mint, vinegar, and 2 tablespoons olive oil in large bowl; toss. Season with salt and pepper. Divide greens among plates. Top with fennel, then drape with prosciutto. Sprinkle pomegranate seeds over. Toss fennel and 1 tablespoon olive oil in medium bowl. Sprinkle with 1/4 teaspoon salt. Combine arugula, green onions, mint, vinegar, and 2 tablespoons olive oil in large bowl; toss. Season with salt and pepper. Divide greens among plates. Top with fennel, then drape with prosciutt <END>
INPUT: roast, California figs, honey, lemon juice, water, virgin olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fig-Glazed Roast Turkey with Cornbread Stuffing | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cups dried California figs, roughly chopped; 1/4 cup honey; 2 tablespoons lemon juice; 3 cups warm water; Extra-virgin olive oil; 2 large onions, finely chopped; 1 tablespoon finely chopped rosemary leaves; 1/2 pound sweet Italian sausage, removed from casing and crumbled; 10 large cornbread muffins, torn into pieces, or 1 loaf cornbread, cubed (about 5 cups); Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 large eggs, lightly beaten; 1/2 cup heavy cream; 1/2 to 1 cup chicken or turkey stock, homemade or store-bought; 1 (10 to 12 pound) fresh turkey; 2 sticks unsalted butter, (1 softened) | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Begin by re-hydrating the figs. In a large mixing bowl combine the figs, honey, lemon juice; cover with the warm water. Cover with plastic wrap and set aside for 20 to 25 minutes until the figs are tender and soft. Pour off the liquid and reserve for the glaze. Meanwhile, heat a little extra-virgin olive oil over medium heat and gently saute the onions with rosemary. Add the sweet Italian sausage and continue to saute until browned, 10 to 12 minutes. When done, scrape it all into the bowl with the figs, Add the cornbread pieces and season well with salt and peppe <END>
INPUT: garlic, flat leaf parsley, fennel seeds, fennel fronds more, olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Honey-Vinegar Leg of Lamb with Fennel and Carrots | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 garlic cloves, chopped; 1 cup fresh flat-leaf parsley leaves; 1 tablespoon fennel seeds, crushed; 1/2 cup fennel fronds plus more for serving; 1/2 cup olive oil, divided; Kosher salt, freshly ground pepper; 1 7–9 pound bone-in leg of lamb, tied; 1/2 cup red wine vinegar; 1/3 cup honey; 4 fennel bulbs, sliced 1/2" thick; 16 small carrots (about 2 pounds), unpeeled, halved lengthwise if large | INSTRUCTIONS: Pulse garlic, parsley, fennel seeds, and 1/2 cup fennel fronds in a food processor until very finely chopped. With motor running, slowly add 1/4 cup oil and process until smooth; season generously with salt and pepper (mixture should taste quite salty as this is the only seasoning meat will get). Rub parsley mixture all over lamb. Transfer to a roasting pan, cover, and chill at least 8 hours. Let lamb sit at room temperature 1 hour. Bring vinegar and honey to a boil in a small saucepan. Reduce heat and simmer, stirring occasionally, until slightly thickened, 8–10 minutes. Set glaze aside. Plac <END>
INPUT: griddled, piperade, chicken stock, unsalted butter, Sea salt, corn grits, heavy cream
OUTPUT: TITLE: Griddled Asparagus, Piperade, Poached Eggs, and Grits | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups chicken stock; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; Sea salt; 1/2 cup white corn grits; 1/2 cup heavy cream; 3 tablespoons olive oil; 4 garlic cloves, thinly sliced; 1/2 cup thinly sliced shallots; 1 cup julienned red bell pepper; 2 roma tomatoes, peeled and coarsely chopped; 2 bay leaves; 1 teaspoon ground Espelette pepper; 1 tablespoon sherry vinegar; 1/2 pound asparagus, tough ends removed, spears peeled if thick; 4 Perfectly Poached Eggs | INSTRUCTIONS: In a medium saucepan, combine the chicken stock, butter, and sea salt to taste, and bring to a boil over high heat. Whisk in the grits and stir for 1 minute with a wooden spoon. Reduce the heat to low and cook the grits, stirring often, for 20 minutes or until they are tender. Finish the grits with the cream, add more sea salt to taste, and stir well. Cover to keep warm. (I use the waxed paper from a stick of butter for this, placed butter side down over the grits so they don't develop an unseemly crust.) Meanwhile, in a medium saucepan combine 2 tablespoons of the olive oil and the garlic. Sl <END>
INPUT: bubbly, pear nectar, pear liqueur, star anise, bottles Prosecco, cranberries
OUTPUT: TITLE: Anise and Pear Bubbly | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups pear nectar; 1 cup pear liqueur (recommended: Poire William); 2 star anise; 4 bottles Prosecco; 16 cranberries | INSTRUCTIONS: In a small saucepan over moderate heat, add the nectar, pear liqueur and star anise. Bring up to a boil and turn heat off. Allow to steep for 5 minutes, then discard the star anise. Cool to room temperature and chill until ready to use. To serve, drop 1 cranberry to the bottom of each champagne coupe or flute. Add 2 tablespoons of the spiced pear mixture for coupe glasses and 3 tablespoons for the flute glasses. Top with Prosecco and enjoy! <END>
INPUT: French, peach raspberry preserves
OUTPUT: TITLE: French Brie and Ham Baguette | CUISINE: French | INGREDIENTS: 1 (18 to 20-inch) baguette; 1/3 cup peach or raspberry preserves; 1 (6-ounce) package deli ham slices; 1 (5-ounce) wedge brie, sliced, room temperature (recommended: Alouette) | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Slice baguette horizontally with a serrated bread knife. Spread preserves on both sides of bread. On bottom half of baguette, lay down overlapping slices of ham and top with slices of brie. Place top of baguette on sandwich. Cut into 1-inch pieces and secure with decorative sandwich picks. Optional: heat in a 400 degree F oven for 10 to 12 minutes. <END>
INPUT: American, pizza, uncut sourdough Italian, Olive oil, Fontina cheese, provolone cheese, crumbled feta cheese
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spicy Cheese Pizza Bread | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 2-pound uncut sourdough or Italian bread round (about 9-inch diameter); Olive oil; 1 1/4 cups grated Fontina cheese; 1 1/4 cups grated provolone cheese; 1 1/4 cups crumbled feta cheese; 1 1/2 teaspoons dried oregano; 1/2 teaspoon (generous) dried crushed red pepper; 2/3 cup chopped seeded tomatoes; 1/2 cup chopped pitted Kalamata olives or other brine-cured black olives | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350°F. Cut two 1/2-inch-thick rounds horizontally from center of bread (reserve remaining bread for another use). Brush bread rounds on both sides lightly with oil; place on baking sheet. Bake until beginning to crisp, about 15 minutes. Cool 5 minutes. Top each bread round with half of cheeses, oregano, and crushed red pepper. Sprinkle each with half of tomatoes and olives. Bake bread rounds until cheeses melt and bottoms are crisp, about 15 minutes. Cut into wedges. Preheat oven to 350°F. Cut two 1/2-inch-thick rounds horizontally from center of bread (reserve remaining bread  <END>
INPUT: salad, Kosher salt, haricots verts beans, low fat plain, low fat mayonnaise, lemon juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Crab and Avocado Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Kosher salt; 1/2 pound haricots verts or green beans, halved; 2/3 cup low-fat plain yogurt; 3 tablespoons low-fat mayonnaise; 1 to 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 1/2 cup chopped fresh chives; 1/4 cup chopped fresh basil; 3 anchovy fillets, chopped; Freshly ground pepper; 1/2 pound lump or claw crabmeat; 1 Hass avocado, halved, pitted and diced; 3 romaine hearts, chopped; 1 1/2 cups whole-wheat croutons; 1 pint cherry tomatoes, halved | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring a saucepan of salted water to a boil. Add the haricots verts and cook until crisp-tender, 3 to 5 minutes. Drain and run under cold water to stop the cooking. Puree the yogurt, mayonnaise, lemon juice, chives, basil and anchovies in a blender until smooth. Season with salt and pepper. Toss the crabmeat, half of the avocado and about 1 tablespoon of the yogurt dressing in a small bowl. Toss the romaine, croutons, haricots verts and the remaining avocado with the remaining dressing in a large bowl. Divide the romaine salad among plates, top with the tomatoes and place some of the crab mixtu <END>
INPUT: French, vegetable oil, Kosher salt, shallot, crème fraîche
OUTPUT: TITLE: Hot-Smoked Salmon with Tarragon Crème Fraîche | CUISINE: French | INGREDIENTS: 1 (4-pound) skin-on center-cut salmon fillet, pin bones removed; Nonstick vegetable oil spray; Kosher salt; 1/2 medium shallot, finely chopped; 2 cups crème fraîche; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh tarragon; 1 teaspoon finely grated lemon zest; 3 tablespoons coriander seeds; 1 tablespoon black peppercorns; 1 tablespoon dill seeds; 1 teaspoon celery seeds; Bagels, capers, sliced avocados, sliced cucumbers, watercress, and sliced scallions (for serving); In addition to a 17" cast-iron skillet, you'll need a 14" circular wire rack ($28; amazon.com), mesquite or hickory wood chips, and three 6" bamboo sk | INSTRUCTIONS: Pat salmon dry, then generously coat skin and wire rack with nonstick spray. Place salmon, skin side down, on rack and set inside a rimmed baking sheet; season salmon flesh well with salt. Chill, uncovered, 3 hours. Whisk shallot, crème fraîche, tarragon, and lemon zest in a small bowl to combine; taste and season with salt. Cover and chill. Crumple 2 large sheets of heavy-duty foil to form two 4"-diameter balls. Heat skillet over medium-high, 6 minutes. Spread 2 cups wood chips in center of skillet and let char until partially blackened and smoking, about 5 minutes. Sprinkle coriander seeds,  <END>
INPUT: french, toast, heavy cream, sugar, water, blackberry puree, blackberry liqueur
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pumpkin French Toast Stuffed with Blackberry-Caramel Mascarpone | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup heavy cream; 1 cup sugar; 1/2 cup water; 1/2 cup blackberry puree; 2 teaspoons blackberry liqueur; 1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract; 4 large eggs; 1/4 cup sugar; 1/4 teaspoon fine salt; 1/2 cup pumpkin puree; 1 1/2 teaspoons ground cinnamon; 1/4 teaspoon ground nutmeg; 1/4 teaspoon ground ginger; 1 3/4 cups whole milk, plus more if needed; 1/2 cup heavy cream, divided | INSTRUCTIONS: Blackberry-Caramel: Heat the cream in a small saucepan over low heat. Combine sugar and water in a small saucepan over high heat and cook, without stirring, until amber brown, about 8 minutes. Slowly whisk in the warm cream, blackberry puree and liqueur and cook until smooth and slightly thickened, about 2 minutes. Remove from the heat and whisk in the vanilla extract. Let come to room temperature. French Toast: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Put a baking sheet in the oven. Whisk together the eggs, sugar and salt in a large baking dish until smooth. Add the pumpkin puree, ground spices, mi <END>
INPUT: Italian, roulade, roast, peppers, sole filets, olive paste, wine, lemon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sole Roulade with Black Olive Paste, Roast Pepper, Capers and Basil | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 2 red peppers; 4 sole filets, 6 ounces each; 1 tablespoon black olive paste; 6 ounces dry white wine; 1 lemon; 1 tablespoon capers, rinsed; 4 ounces canned tomato juice; 1 tablespoon olive oil plus 1 teaspoon; 1 tablespoon basil chiffonade | INSTRUCTIONS: Roast 2 lightly oiled and seasoned red peppers in a saute pan on the bottom of a 400 degree oven. Turn every few minutes until all sides are fairly charred, about 12 minutes. Place peppers in a plastic bag to loosen skin. When cool, peel and discard stem and seeds. Cut into sections about 4 inches by 1 1/2 inches. Place each sole filet, whiter side down on, on cutting board. Cover with double layered plastic wrap and pound lightly with the smooth side of a mallet or heavy knife to thin out fish some without tearing it. Spread black olive paste lightly onto each filet, and lay down one red pepp <END>
INPUT: chips, sweet potatoes, virgin olive oil, cayenne pepper, salt, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spicy Sweet Potato Chips | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 to 2 sweet potatoes, washed and dried (1 large or 2 small); 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1 teaspoon cayenne pepper; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F. Line 2 large baking sheets with parchment paper. Cut the potatoes in 1/4-inch-thick slices. In a large bowl, add the oil and seasonings. Add the sliced potatoes and toss to coat. Place in a single layer on the prepared baking sheets. Bake until lightly browned and crisp, about 10 minutes. <END>
INPUT: salad, capers, wine vinegar, Sea salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: White Bean Tuna Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 (6-ounce) cans dark meat tuna, packed in olive oil; 2 (15-ounce) cans cannelini white beans, drained and rinsed; 1/3 cup small capers, nonpareil in brine, drained and rinsed; 6 tablespoons red wine vinegar; Sea salt and fresh ground black pepper; 1 medium red onion, thinly sliced; 1 1/2 cups cherry tomatoes; 2 cups fresh arugula; 6 fresh basil leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large bowl, add the tuna, reserving the olive oil in a separate small bowl. Break tuna into bite-size pieces with a large fork. Add the beans and capers. Into the bowl of olive oil, add the red wine vinegar. You should have 1 part vinegar to 2 parts oil - add more extra-virgin olive oil if necessary. Season with salt and pepper. Pour dressing on the tuna, bean and caper mixture and allow the flavors to infuse while slicing the vegetables. Add the onion and tomatoes to tuna mixture and toss gently. Place the arugula on large decorative platter and top with tuna mixture. Tear fresh basil le <END>
INPUT: American, sandwich, Four slabs scrapple, flour, Salt pepper, butter, American cheese
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fried Scrapple and Egg Sandwich | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: Four 1/4-inch-thick slabs scrapple; 1 cup instant flour, such as Wondra; Salt and freshly cracked black pepper; 3 tablespoons butter, plus more for frying; 4 slices American cheese; 4 hen eggs; 8 slices soft white bread; Freshly squeezed OJ, for serving | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Dredge the scrapple in the instant flour and sprinkle lightly with salt and pepper. Heat the butter in a saute pan or skillet over medium heat and gently brown the scrapple on each side, about 3 minutes. Remove the scrapple from the pan and place on a paper-towel-lined tray. Top with the American cheese and allow to slowly melt on top for about 2 minutes. Discard the butter and wipe the pan. Fry the eggs sunny side up in fresh butter and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Arrange the eggs over the slices of scrapple and cheese. Layer the scrapple, egg and cheese betw <END>
INPUT: BBQ spice blend, water, very coffee, dark sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Braised Beef Brisket | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 (6-pound) beef brisket, trimmed of fat; 1/2 cup BBQ spice blend, be sure and check sodium levels; 4 cups water (1 cup cold, 3 cups hot); 1 tablespoon very finely ground coffee; 1/4 cup dark brown sugar; Freshly cracked black pepper; 1/4 cup cider vinegar, preferably unfiltered; 6 potato or dinner rolls, split | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Rub the brisket generously with spice blend, cover with plastic wrap and let marinate overnight in refrigerator. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Put the roast, fat cap up, in a roasting pan. Add 1 cup water to the pan and roast the brisket uncovered for 1 hour. In a medium bowl, combine the coffee, brown sugar, pepper, to taste, 3 cups hot water and cider vinegar. Remove the brisket from the oven, pour the coffee mixture over the brisket, cover with foil and braise until brisket reaches an internal temperature of 185 and is fork tender, about 3 hours. Remove t <END>
INPUT: Italian, hilopites, pasta, semolina flour, salt, eggs, milk, olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Hilopites: Egg Pasta with Fava Bean, Feta and Mint Stuffing | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups semolina flour; 4 teaspoons salt; 2 large eggs; 1/4 cup whole milk, room temperature; 4 tablespoons olive oil; 1 cup fava bean puree, recipe follows; 1 cup feta, crumbled; 1 tablespoon parsley, finely chopped; 1/2 cup pine nuts, toasted; 2 tablespoons mint, pureed; Salt, to taste; Pepper, to taste; Olive oil; Kasseri, to taste; 1 cup fava beans, shelled and blanched | INSTRUCTIONS: In a bowl, mix in the semolina and salt. Mix in the eggs, milk, and olive oil until a dough is formed and it pulls away from the side of the bowl. On a floured surface knead until smooth and let sit covered for 1 hour. It should not be sticky. Divide the dough into 4 balls and roll out each ball until paper-thin sheets are formed. Put on a tray that is sprinkled with semolina. Mix together in a bowl the fava bean puree, feta cheese, parsley, mint, pine nuts, salt, and pepper. Set this aside. With dough cutters cut disk about 3 inches in diameter. Place a small spoon of the stuffing in the cent <END>
INPUT: french, soup, reduced sodium chicken, water, star anise, peppercorns, onions
OUTPUT: TITLE: French Red Onion Soup | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups reduced-sodium chicken broth; 2 cups water; 2 whole star anise; 6 black peppercorns; 2 pounds red onions, cut into 1/2-inch wedges; 3 tablespoons olive oil; 1/2 cup dry red wine; 4 (1-inch-thick) slices of baguette; 2 cups coarsely grated Manchego or Gruyère (6 to 7 ounces) | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring broth, water, spices, and 1/2 teaspoon salt to a boil. Remove from heat and let steep 15 minutes. Meanwhile, cook onions in oil with 1/4 teaspoon salt in a heavy medium pot over medium heat, covered, stirring occasionally, until deep golden, about 15 minutes. Add wine and boil, uncovered, until reduced to 2 tablespoons, about 1 minute. Strain broth through a sieve into onion mixture and briskly simmer, uncovered, 10 minutes. Season with salt. Preheat broiler. Ladle soup into 4 ovenproof bowls set in a 4-sided sheet pan. Place baguette slices on top and sprinkle each with 1/2 cup cheese.  <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, vegetables, Israeli couscous, Salt, spears asparagus, zucchini, squash
OUTPUT: TITLE: Toasted Israeli Couscous with Vegetables and Lemon-Balsamic Vinaigrette | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 pound Israeli couscous; Salt; 12 spears asparagus, grilled and cut into 1/4-inch pieces; 1 zucchini, halved, grilled and cut into 1-inch pieces; 1 yellow squash, halved, grilled and cut into 1-inch pieces; 2 large red peppers, grilled, peeled and diced into bite-size pieces; 1/2 cup kalamata olives, pitted and chopped; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh basil leaves; Freshly ground black pepper; Lemon-Balsamic Vinaigrette, recipe follows; 1 small shallot, minced; 3 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 1 teaspoon lemon zest; 3 tablespoons aged balsamic vinegar; 1 tablespoon red wine vinegar | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat large saute pan on grates of the grill over medium heat. Add couscous and toast until lightly golden brown. Bring 6 cups of water to a boil over high heat, add 1 tablespoon salt and toasted couscous and cook until al dente. Drain well and place in a large bowl. Add grilled vegetables, olives, basil, and vinaigrette and toss until combined; season with salt and pepper. Let sit at room temperature for 30 minutes before serving or cover and refrigerate. Whisk shallot, juice, zest, vinegars, and salt and pepper together in a small bowl. Slowly whisk in oil until emulsified. <END>
INPUT: refried, beans, water, lard vegetable oil, onion, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Refried Black Beans | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups dried black beans, washed and picked over; 7 1/2 cups water; 3 tablespoons lard or vegetable oil or 1 1/2 tablespoon each unsalted butter and oil; 1 large onion, diced; 1 1/2 teaspoons salt | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large pot, place the beans and water and bring to a boil. Cover, reduce to a simmer and cook 1 hour, or until tender and creamy in the centers. Crush the beans in their liquid with a potato masher or the back of a wooden spoon. In a large saucepan, heat the lard or other fat over medium heat. Saute the onions with the salt until golden, about 20 minutes. Add the beans and liquid and continue cooking over medium heat, stirring frequently, until the liquid evaporates and the beans form a creamy mass that pulls away from the bottom and sides of the pan, about 15 minutes. Serve immediately. R <END>
INPUT: American, sandwiches, watercress leaves, logs soft, Kosher salt, sourdough wheat sandwich, unsalted butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Goat Cheese and Watercress Sandwiches | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup chopped watercress leaves; 2 logs soft, fresh goat cheese (such as Montrachet), at room temperature; Kosher salt; 16 thin slices sourdough or whole wheat sandwich bread, crusts removed; 5 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature; 3/4 cup toasted walnuts, finely chopped; Watercress sprigs (to garnish platter) | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. In a medium bowl, fold chopped watercress leaves into goat cheese. Season to taste with salt. Spread mixture evenly over eight slices of bread. Top with remaining eight slices. Butter edges of sandwiches. Cut diagonally in half to make sixteen triangles. 2. Place walnuts on a plate. Dip buttered edges of sandwiches into nuts. Arrange sandwiches on a platter. Garnish with watercress sprigs. Sandwiches can be made up to four hours ahead. Cover with plastic wrap and chill. 1. In a medium bowl, fold chopped watercress leaves into goat cheese. Season to taste with salt. Spread mixture evenly ove <END>
INPUT: shortbreads, light sugar, unsalted butter, pure vanilla extract, all purpose flour, fine salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Maple and Pecan Shortbreads | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup/60 ml packed light brown sugar; 1 stick/125 ml unsalted butter, softened (1/2 cup); 1 teaspoon/5 ml pure vanilla extract; 1 1/4 cups/310 ml all-purpose flour, plus more for dusting; Pinch fine salt; 1 1/2 cups/355 ml pure maple syrup; Ice water, for chilling; 1 cup/250 ml pecans, toasted, chopped; Flaked sea salt, such as Maldon, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). For the shortbread: Line an 8-inch square baking pan with aluminum foil, making sure to leave several inches of overhang on each side to lift out the shortbread (or use a rectangular tart mold with removable bottom). Cream together the sugar and butter, using an electric mixer on medium speed, until light and fluffy, 1 to 2 minutes. Mix in the vanilla, and then the flour and salt. The dough will be crumbly, pea-size balls. Dust your fingers in flour, evenly distribute the crumbles throughout the dough, and then press evenly into the pan and th <END>
INPUT: Italian, corn cob, Cilantro Pesto, Cotija cheese, cilantro, canola oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Corn on the Cob with Cilantro Pesto | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 4 ears corn on the cob, husks removed; 1/2 cup Cilantro Pesto, recipe follows; 1/4 cup grated Cotija cheese (feta or Parmesan may be substituted); 1 bunch cilantro, leaves washed and drained; 3/4 cup canola oil; 1/4 cup Roasted Green Pumpkin seeds, recipe follows; 1/2 cup grated Cotija cheese (can substitute feta or Parmesan); 2 cloves garlic, chopped, optional; 1/2 cup green pumpkin seeds; 1 tablespoon canola oil; 2 teaspoons chili powder; Salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Heat the grill to medium-high. Once hot, lay the corn across the grill. Rotate corn every 3 minutes until all sides are evenly golden and slightly charred, about 15 minutes. Put the corn on a platter. While corn is still hot brush the corn with cilantro pesto and then sprinkle with the Cotija cheese. Serve. In a food processor add the cilantro, canola oil, pumpkin seeds, Cotija cheese, and garlic. Puree until smooth but not liquid. Taste for seasoning. Cooks Note: Usually you do not need salt because of the salt in the roasted pumpkin seeds and the cheese. Set as <END>
INPUT: Asian, country style pork, salt, orange juice, soy sauce, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Orange-Soy-Braised Pork Ribs | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 4 pounds country-style pork ribs; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1 1/2 cups fresh orange juice; 1/2 cup soy sauce; 2 tablespoons sugar; 2 tablespoons finely chopped peeled fresh ginger; 1 tablespoon minced garlic (3 cloves); 1/2 teaspoon coarsely ground black pepper; Special equipment: an 11- by 17-inch flameproof roasting pan | INSTRUCTIONS: Put oven rack in middle position and preheat oven to 325°F. Sprinkle ribs evenly with salt. Bring orange juice, soy sauce, sugar, ginger, garlic, and pepper to a boil in roasting pan over moderately high heat, stirring until sugar is dissolved. Add ribs in 1 layer using tongs, turning to coat, and cover pan tightly with foil. Braise ribs in oven until very tender, about 2 hours. (If making ahead, see cooks' note, below.) Put oven rack in middle position and preheat oven to 325°F. Sprinkle ribs evenly with salt. Bring orange juice, soy sauce, sugar, ginger, garlic, and pepper to a boil in roast <END>
INPUT: Ballymaloe Vanilla Ice, soda wheat breadcrumbs, Vanilla Sugar, soft dark sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Brown Bread Ice Cream | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Ballymaloe Vanilla Ice Cream; 2 cups brown soda or whole-wheat breadcrumbs; 1/2 cup Vanilla Sugar; 1/2 cup soft dark-brown sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: Make the Ballymaloe vanilla ice cream and freeze. Preheat the oven to 450°F. Spread the chunky bread crumbs on a baking sheet. Sprinkle with sugar and toast in the oven for 10–15 minutes. Stir every 4 or 5 minutes until the sugar caramelizes and coats the bread crumbs. Spread onto a Silpat mat and let cool. Then pulse the caramelized bread crumbs into small, chunky bits in a food processor. When the ice cream is semi-frozen, fold in the bread crumbs and freeze until fully frozen. Make the Ballymaloe vanilla ice cream and freeze. Preheat the oven to 450°F. Spread the chunky bread crumbs on a ba <END>
INPUT: American, brined, barbecue, amber bock beer, kosher salt, granulated sugar, hot sauce, bay leaves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Beer-Brined Barbecue Chicken | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 3 12-ounce cans amber or bock beer; 1/3 cup kosher salt, plus more for sprinkling; 1/3 cup granulated sugar; 2 tablespoons hot sauce; 4 bay leaves; 6 pounds assorted skin-on, bone-in chicken pieces; Juice of 2 large oranges; 1/4 cup apple cider vinegar; 1/2 small onion, finely chopped; 4 cloves garlic, finely chopped; 1/3 cup ketchup; 1/3 cup packed dark brown sugar; 1/3 cup honey; 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce; 1 tablespoon chili powder | INSTRUCTIONS: Brine the chicken: Combine 1 can of beer, the salt, granulated sugar, hot sauce and bay leaves in a very large bowl and whisk until the salt and sugar dissolve. Add the remaining 2 cans of beer, 4 cups water and the chicken. Cover and refrigerate overnight. Make the barbecue sauce: Combine the orange juice, vinegar, onion, garlic, ketchup, brown sugar, honey, Worcestershire sauce and chili powder in a small saucepan. Bring to a boil, then reduce the heat to medium low and simmer, stirring occasionally, until slightly thickened, about 20 minutes. Let cool slightly, then puree in a blender until <END>
INPUT: pears, vanilla bean, water, lime juice, sugar, kumquats
OUTPUT: TITLE: Asian Pears with Vanilla-Poached Kumquats | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 vanilla bean, halved lengthwise; 1/2 cup water; 3 tablespoons fresh lime juice; 1/2 cup sugar; 1/2 lb kumquats (20), ends trimmed, sliced crosswise 1/3 inch thick, and seeded; 3 lb Asian pear (4 large), peeled, cored, and sliced lengthwise 1/4 inch thick | INSTRUCTIONS: Scrape seeds from vanilla bean into water with lime juice in a small heavy saucepan, then add pod, sugar, and a pinch of salt. Bring to a boil, stirring until sugar is dissolved, then simmer 3 minutes. Add kumquats and simmer, covered, until they just begin to soften, 3 to 4 minutes. Put pears in a heatproof bowl. Pour kumquats and syrup over pears and toss gently, then cool. Chill fruit, covered, at least 2 hours. Scrape seeds from vanilla bean into water with lime juice in a small heavy saucepan, then add pod, sugar, and a pinch of salt. Bring to a boil, stirring until sugar is dissolved, th <END>
INPUT: warm, olive oil, lemon juice, garlic, lemon rind, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Warm Chicken Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup olive oil; 1/4 cup lemon juice; 1 clove garlic, finely chopped; 1/2 teaspoon grated lemon rind; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 1/8 teaspoon black pepper; 1 pound boneless, skinless chicken breasts, cut into strips; 1 pound thin asparagus, trimmed; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh dill; 1/2 cup cherry tomatoes, halved; 1 bag (8 ounces) prepared salad greens; 2 hard cooked eggs, peeled and quartered | INSTRUCTIONS: Make Dressing. Whisk together olive oil, lemon juice, garlic, grated lemon rind, salt and pepper in a small bowl until well blended Heat 2 tablespoons lemon dressing in a large skillet over medium heat. Add chicken and asparagus; stir fry for 8 to 10 minutes or until cooked through. Stir chopped fresh dill into remaining lemon dressing. Add cherry tomatoes and dill dressing to skillet; cook until heated through, about 1 minute. To serve, line serving platter with salad greens. Spoon warm chicken with sauce over greens. Top with quartered hard-cooked eggs. <END>
INPUT: potpie, crust, water, butternut squash, baby lima beans, unsalted butter, all purpose flour
OUTPUT: TITLE: Turkey, Squash, and Lima Bean Potpie with Cheddar Bacon Crust | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 cups water; 1 pound peeled seeded butternut squash, cut into 3/4-inch cubes (about 1 1/2 cups); 1 cup thawed frozen baby lima beans; 3 tablespoons unsalted butter; 3 tablespoons all-purpose flour; 1 cup turkey broth or chicken broth; 2 tablespoons minced fresh sage leaves plus a sage sprig for garnish; 5 ounces pearl onions (about 15), blanched in boiling water for 2 minutes, drained, and peeled; 3 cups cubed cooked turkey; 1 1/4 cups all-purpose flour; 1 1/2 teaspoons double-acting baking powder; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 2 tablespoons cold unsalted butter, cut into bits; 5 ounces extra-sharp Cheddar, grated (about 1 1/2 cups); 4 slices of bacon, cooked until crisp and crumbled | INSTRUCTIONS: In a saucepan bring the water to a boil, in it cook the squash with salt to taste for 6 to 8 minutes, or until it is just tender, and with a slotted spoon transfer the squash to a bowl of ice and cold water to stop the cooking. In the boiling water cook the lima beans for 3 minutes, or until they are just tender, with the slotted spoon transfer them to the bowl, and reserve 1 cup of the cooking liquid. In a large saucepan melt the butter over moderate heat, add the flour, and cook the roux, whisking, for 3 minutes. Add the turkey or chicken broth and the reserved cooking liquid in a stream, wh <END>
INPUT: salad, virgin olive oil, Sherry vinegar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mesclun Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 8 cups (about 1/2 pound) mesclun (mixed baby greens), rinsed and spun dry; 2 1/2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, or to taste; 2 teaspoons Sherry vinegar (available at specialty foods shops and some supermarkets) or other wine vinegar | INSTRUCTIONS: In a salad bowl toss the mesclun well with the oil and drizzle it with the vinegar. Season the salad with salt and pepper and toss it well. In a salad bowl toss the mesclun well with the oil and drizzle it with the vinegar. Season the salad with salt and pepper and toss it well. <END>
INPUT: American, salad, olive oil, apple cider vinegar, shallots, parsley, chives
OUTPUT: TITLE: Potato and Blue Cheese Salad | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2/3 cup olive oil; 1/3 cup apple cider vinegar; 1/4 cup minced shallots; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh parsley; 1 tablespoon plus 1/4 cup chopped fresh chives; 1 tablespoon coarse-grained Dijon mustard; 2 teaspoons honey; 2 teaspoons grated lemon peel; 3 pounds small red-skinned potatoes, quartered; 8 bacon slices; 12 romaine lettuce leaves; 1/2 cup crumbled blue cheese (about 2 1/2 ounces); 1 hard-boiled egg, grated | INSTRUCTIONS: Whisk oil, vinegar, shallots, parsley, 1 tablespoon chives, mustard, honey and lemon peel in large bowl until well blended. Season dressing to taste with salt and pepper. Cook potatoes in large pot of boiling salted water until just tender, about 8 minutes. Drain. Add warm potatoes to dressing; toss to combine. Season to taste with salt and pepper. (Can be made 1 day ahead. Cover and refrigerate.) Cook bacon in large skillet over medium heat until crisp. Drain on paper towels. Crumble into small pieces. Arrange lettuce around edge of platter; mound potato salad in center. Sprinkle with bacon,  <END>
INPUT: Indian, vegetable oil, onion, Salt pepper, garlic, curry powder
OUTPUT: TITLE: Indian Spinach and Chickpeas | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons vegetable oil; 1 medium onion, diced; Salt and pepper; 2 cloves garlic, minced; 1 tablespoon curry powder; 1 tablespoon ground cinnamon; 1 teaspoon ground coriander; 1 teaspoon ground cloves; 1/4 teaspoon cayenne pepper; 1 cup whole milk plain yogurt; 3/4 cup half-and-half; 2 (10-ounce) packages frozen chopped spinach, thawed; 1 (15-ounce) can chickpeas, drained and rinsed | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat oil in a medium skillet over medium heat. Add onion and saute until translucent. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Add garlic and cook for another minute. Add spices and cook until fragrant. Add yogurt, half-and-half, thawed spinach with its liquid, and drained chickpeas. Bring to a simmer over medium heat and cook until heated through. <END>
INPUT: sorbet, water, fine quality jasmine, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Jasmine Tea Sorbet | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 cups water; 2 1/2 tablespoons fine-quality jasmine tea leaves; 3/4 cup plus 2 tablespoons sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: In a small saucepan bring water to a boil. Add tea leaves and remove pan from heat. Cover pan and steep tea 5 minutes. Add sugar, stirring until dissolved, and strain tea through a fine sieve into a bowl. Chill tea, covered, until cold and freeze in an ice-cream maker. Sorbet may be made 1 week ahead. In a small saucepan bring water to a boil. Add tea leaves and remove pan from heat. Cover pan and steep tea 5 minutes. Add sugar, stirring until dissolved, and strain tea through a fine sieve into a bowl. Chill tea, covered, until cold and freeze in an ice-cream maker. Sorbet may be made 1 week a <END>
INPUT: Asian, whole, peanut oil, onion, lemon grass, bell pepper, ginger
OUTPUT: TITLE: Whole Dungeness Wok Fried Crab | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons peanut oil; 1 tablespoon chopped green onion, white and green parts; 2 teaspoons finely minced lemon grass, tender white part only; 1/2 large red bell pepper, stemmed, seeded, and julienned; 2 teaspoons peeled and grated fresh ginger; 5 teaspoons rice wine vinegar; 1 teaspoon minced garlic; 1 cup chicken stock, homemade or low sodium canned; 5 teaspoons soy sauce; 2 1/2 teaspoons sugar; 2 teaspoons Chinese chili garlic paste; 1 teaspoon coarsely chopped Chinese fermented black beans; 2 teaspoons cornstarch dissolved in 1 tablespoon cold water; 1/4 cup sake; 1 Dungeness crab (about 1 1/2 pounds), cooked, top shell removed and reserved, cleaned, cracked in half, cut into sections, and claws cracked | INSTRUCTIONS: To make the lemon grass sauce, heat 1 tablespoon of the peanut oil in a small saucepan on medium-high heat. Saute the green onions, lemon grass, red bell pepper, ginger, and garlic until soft, about 2 minutes. Add the chicken stock, rice wine vinegar, soy sauce, sugar, chili garlic paste, and black beans. Bring to a simmer for 5 minutes. Add the dissolved cornstarch and simmer, stirring frequently, until the sauce becomes glossy and thickens, about 2 more minutes. Set aside. To wok-fry the crab, heat 2 tablespoons of peanut oil in a wok over high heat until almost smoking. Toss in the crab pie <END>
INPUT: flan, eggs, egg yolks, sugar, vanilla extract, heavy cream
OUTPUT: TITLE: Espresso Flan | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 5 eggs; 2 egg yolks; 1 cup sugar; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; 1 1/4 cups heavy cream; 1 cup whole milk; 1 cup caramel, recipe follows; Pinch grey salt; 1 stick (1/2 cup) melted butter; 6 tablespoons hot brewed espresso; 1/2 cup water; 1 cup sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large bowl, whisk together egg and egg yolks. While whisking add the sugar slowly until fully dissolved. Add vanilla, heavy cream, milk, and salt and continue to whisk. In order to get rid of air bubbles in mixture, transfer to large bowl through a fine strainer. In the bottom of 6 (1/2 cup) ramekins (small ceramic custard cups), place about 1 1/2 teaspoons of caramel. When all 6 ramekins have caramel at the bottom, brush each bottom and side with melted butter to secure flan and yet allow it to be removed easily. Fill each ramekin with the flan mixture, SLOWLY to avoid air bubbles, until <END>
INPUT: salad, cucumbers, onion, sugar, cider vinegar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cucumber and Red Onion Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cucumbers, peeled if desired and thinly sliced; 1 large red onion, halved and thinly sliced; 1/3 cup sugar; 1/3 cup cider vinegar; 3 whole cloves; 2 teaspoons salt; 1 teaspoon pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Place cucumbers and red onion in a heatproof serving bowl. In a small nonreactive saucepan, combine sugar, vinegar, cloves, salt, pepper and 1/3 cup water. Bring to a boil over medium heat, stirring to dissolve sugar. Reduce to low, cover and cook 5 minutes. Pour vinegar mixture over cucumbers and onions. Stir to mix. Cover and refrigerate at least 2 hours before serving <END>
INPUT: asparagus, garlic, Salt pepper, virgin olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Asparagus | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 pounds asparagus, trimmed; 1 tablespoon chopped garlic; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; Extra-virgin olive oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Set up grill for direct cooking over medium heat and oil the grates. Place the trimmed asparagus on a baking sheet. Add the chopped garlic and season with salt and pepper. Drizzle with extra-virgin olive oil and toss to coat. Place on the grill directly or in a grill basket. Grill until just tender and lightly charred, about 5 minutes. <END>
INPUT: tart, salt, apples
OUTPUT: TITLE: Apple Tart | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 8 ounces (200 grams) plain flour; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 4 ounces (100 grams) unsalted butter; 1/2 cup (125 milliliters) water, room temperature; 4 tasty eating apples; 1 large egg; 3 tablespoons sugar; 1 1/2 cups (375 milliliters) double (heavy) cream; 1/2 teaspoon cinnamon; Vanilla ice cream, as accompaniment | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Combine flour and salt in a bowl. Rub butter into flour and salt with your fingers. Add water to make a dough and stir with a knife. Form into a ball with your hands. Roll out the pastry evenly and line a pie dish or tart pan. Leave in the refrigerator. Peel, quarter and core the apples and cut into thin slices. Neatly arrange the apples on the pastry. Whisk the egg and sugar together in a bowl. Add the double cream slowly. Add the cinnamon. Whisk together thoroughly so the cinnamon does not make any lumps. Pour the cream mixture over the appl <END>
INPUT: mardi, gras, canola oil, celery, bell pepper, fat free, long grain rice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spicy Seared Shrimp on Mardi Gras Rice | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tbsp canola oil; 2 celery stalks, chopped; 1 red bell pepper, cored, seeded and chopped; 2 cups fat-free, low-sodium chicken broth; 1 cup long-grain white rice; 1 cup frozen peas; 1/2 tsp salt; 1 tsp garlic powder; 1/4 tsp cayenne pepper; 1/2 tsp dried thyme; 1 1/4 lb large shrimp, peeled | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat 1 tbsp oil in a saucepan over medium-high heat. Add celery and pepper and cook 2 or 3 minutes. Add broth, bring to a boil and stir in rice. Cover, lower heat and simmer 20 minutes. Turn off the heat. Stir in peas; cover. Let stand 5 minutes or until peas are heated through. Meanwhile, combine salt, garlic powder, cayenne, and thyme in a bowl, then toss with shrimp. Heat remaining 1 tbsp oil over medium-high heat in a large skillet, add shrimp and cook 4 minutes, turning once. Divide rice among 4 plates. Top with shrimp. Heat 1 tbsp oil in a saucepan over medium-high heat. Add celery and p <END>
INPUT: soup, carrots, low salt chicken, onion, thyme, bay leaf
OUTPUT: TITLE: Creamy Carrot Soup | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 5 large carrots (about 1 1/2 pounds), peeled, cut into 1/2-inch pieces; 3 1/2 cups canned low-salt chicken broth; 1 large onion, peeled, quartered; 1 1/4 teaspoons chopped fresh thyme or 1/2 teaspoon dried; 1 large bay leaf; 1/4 teaspoon (scant) ground allspice; 3/4 cup drained canned small white beans; 1 cup milk | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine carrots, broth, onion, thyme, bay leaf and allspice in large pot and bring to boil. Reduce heat, cover and simmer until carrots are tender, about 15 minutes. Remove bay leaf. Working in batches, puree soup in blender until smooth, adding some of beans with each batch. Return soup to same pot; add milk. Stir over low heat until heated through. Season with salt and pepper and serve. Combine carrots, broth, onion, thyme, bay leaf and allspice in large pot and bring to boil. Reduce heat, cover and simmer until carrots are tender, about 15 minutes. Remove bay leaf. Working in batches, puree <END>
INPUT: fermented, unpeeled organic ginger, sugar, seedless grapes, Special clean plastic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fermented Grape Soda | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 teaspoons finely grated washed unpeeled organic ginger, divided (grate 1 teaspoon at a time over 4 days); 4 teaspoons sugar, divided; 3 pounds red seedless grapes; Special equipment: A clean 1-liter plastic soda bottle with cap; cheesecloth | INSTRUCTIONS: Stir 1 teaspoon ginger, 1 teaspoon sugar, and 4 cups water in a 32-ounce canning jar to combine. Cover jar with cheesecloth; secure with a canning jar band (without lid). Let sit 1 day out of direct sunlight at room temperature. Stir in 1 teaspoon ginger and 1 teaspoon sugar and let sit 1 day. Repeat twice more. Mixture (ginger bug) should have bubbles throughout and release more when agitated. After 3 days, purée grapes in a blender until smooth. Strain, pressing on solids (you should have about 4 cups juice). Combine juice and 1/2 cup ginger bug in a large nonreactive bowl. Cover with cheese <END>
INPUT: meringue, sandwiches, pecans, cinnamon, salt, bittersweet
OUTPUT: TITLE: Coffee-Pecan Meringue Ice Cream Sandwiches | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups pecans (about 8 ounces), lightly toasted, cooled; 3 tablespoons plus 1/2 cup (packed) golden brown sugar; 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 4 1/2 ounces bittersweet (not unsweetened) or semisweet chocolate, chopped; 2 large egg whites; 1/4 teaspoon cream of tartar; 4 teaspoons instant coffee crystals; 40 (about) pecan halves; 1 1/4 cups (about) coffee ice cream | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 225°F. Line 2 heavy large baking sheets with foil; butter and flour foil. Combine 1 cup pecans, 3 tablespoons sugar, cinnamon and salt in processor; grind finely. Add 1 1/2 ounces (about 1/4 cup) chocolate and 1 cup nuts and process just until pecans are coarsely chopped, using about 10 on/off turns. Using electric mixer, beat egg whites and 1/4 teaspoon cream of tartar in medium bowl until soft peaks form. Gradually add 1/2 cup brown sugar, beating until mixture is very stiff, about 4 minutes. Fold in nut mixture and instant coffee (crystals will not dissolve). Drop batter by  <END>
INPUT: supreme, gratinee, Tangy Sabayon Sauce, sugar, egg yolks
OUTPUT: TITLE: Orange Supreme Gratinee with Tangy Sabayon Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 (15-ounce) cans mandarin oranges, drained; Tangy Sabayon Sauce, recipe follows; 2 tablespoons brown sugar; 2 egg yolks; 3 tablespoons sugar; 2 tablespoons sweetened wine, such as marsala; 1 tablespoon sour cream | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the broiler on low. Place the oranges in a medium ovenproof dish, or divide among 4 ovenproof custard dishes. Spoon the Tangy Sabayon Sauce over the top (a couple tablespoons over each if using the individual dishes). Sprinkle with brown sugar. Place on a baking sheet, place under the broiler, and cook until golden to dark brown. Watch very closely for burning! Serve immediately. Place the egg yolks, sugar, and wine in a metal bowl. Place the bowl over a saucepan of barely simmering water, making a double boiler. Whisk the mixture constantly until it foams and then becomes creamy and d <END>
INPUT: caramels, Vegetable oil, sugar, light corn syrup, heavy cream, unsalted butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fleur de Sel Caramels | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Vegetable oil; 1 1/2 cups sugar; 1/4 cup light corn syrup; 1 cup heavy cream; 5 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1 teaspoon fine fleur de sel, plus extra for sprinkling; 1/2 teaspoon pure vanilla extract | INSTRUCTIONS: Prep the pan. Line an 8-inch-square baking pan with parchment paper, allowing it to drape over 2 sides, then brush the paper lightly with oil. Boil the sugar. In a deep saucepan (6 inches wide and 4 1/2 inches deep), combine 1/4 cup water, the sugar and corn syrup and bring them to a boil over medium-high heat. Boil until the mixture is a warm golden brown. Don't stir -- just swirl the pan. Heat the cream. In the meantime, in a small pot, bring the cream, butter and 1 teaspoon of fleur de sel to a simmer over medium heat. Turn off the heat and set aside. Finish the caramel. When the sugar mixt <END>
INPUT: summer, young cabbage, butter, truffles, almond powder, clarified butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Turbot with Summer Truffles | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 young cabbage; 1/4 pound butter; 2 ounces truffles, plus extra, for garnish; 4 tablespoons almond powder; 1/2 cup clarified butter; 4 turbot fillets; 1/2 cup fleur de sel | INSTRUCTIONS: In a saucepan, combine butter, truffles, and almond powder. Once the mixture is well combined, place in blender to create a sauce. Preheat skillet and add clarified butter Once skillet is hot place turbot in pan. Sear turbot on both sides. To plate dish, place cabbage on plate, add turbot on top of cabbage. Drizzle truffle almond sauce over turbot and plate. To garnish add finely chopped truffles and fleur de sel. <END>
INPUT: zabaglione, mixed, mix hulled strawberries, egg yolks, sugar, grapefruit juice, kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grapefruit Zabaglione over Mixed Berries | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 cups mix of hulled and quartered strawberries, blueberries, raspberries, and/or blackberries; 4 egg yolks; 1/3 cup sugar; 1/4 cup fresh grapefruit juice; Pinch kosher salt; Grated grapefruit zest | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. In a large bowl, toss together the berries. Spoon the berries into serving dishes and set aside. Meanwhile, combine the egg yolks, sugar, grapefruit juice, and salt in a large metal or glass bowl. Whisk vigorously until combined and the color is a pale yellow. Set the bowl over a saucepan of simmering water. Be very careful not to let the bottom of the bowl touch the simmering water. Using a whisk or an electric hand mixer, vigorously whisk the egg mixture until it has tripled in volume and is very thick and creamy, about 4 to 5 minutes. Spoon the warm zabaglione <END>
INPUT: Italian, fagioli, escarole, cannellini, Parmesan rind, carrots, celery, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pasta e Fagioli With Escarole | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cups dried cannellini (white kidney) beans, soaked overnight; 1 Parmesan rind (about 2 ounces), plus shaved Parmesan for serving; 2 medium carrots, scrubbed, halved crosswise; 2 stalks celery, halved crosswise; 1 head garlic, halved crosswise; plus 2 cloves, chopped; 6 sprigs parsley; 1 sprig rosemary; 2 bay leaves; 2 dried chiles de árbol or 1/2 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, plus more crushed for serving; Kosher salt, freshly ground pepper; 3 tablespoons olive oil, plus more; 1 large onion, chopped; 1 (14.5-ounce) can whole peeled tomatoes; 3/4 cup dry white wine; 3 ounces dried lasagna or other flat pasta, broken into 1–1 1/2-inch pieces | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring beans, Parmesan rind, carrots, celery, head of garlic, parsley, rosemary, bay leaves, chiles, and 2 quarts water to a boil in a medium pot. Reduce heat, cover, and simmer, adding more water as needed, until beans are tender, about 1 1/2 hours. Season with salt and pepper, remove from heat, and let sit 30 minutes. Discard vegetables, rind, and herbs. Meanwhile, heat 3 Tbsp. oil in a large pot over medium. Cook onion and chopped garlic, stirring occasionally, until softened, 8–10 minutes. Add tomatoes, crushing with your hands, and cook, stirring often, until liquid is almost completely re <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, baby spinach, olive oil, Juice lemon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spinach with Olive Oil and Lemon | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 12 ounces fresh baby spinach; 1 tablespoon olive oil; Juice of 1/4 lemon | INSTRUCTIONS: Add spinach to boiling water; cook 1 minute. Drain; wring out. Toss with oil and salt. Add lemon juice; toss again. Add spinach to boiling water; cook 1 minute. Drain; wring out. Toss with oil and salt. Add lemon juice; toss again. <END>
INPUT: mojito, Kumquats, mint leaves, lime, simple syrup, light rum
OUTPUT: TITLE: Kumquat Mojito | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 8 large Kumquats; 6 whole mint leaves; 1 lime; 2 oz simple syrup; 2 oz light rum; soda water | INSTRUCTIONS: Preparation: Slice Kumquats into coin sized shapes, discard seeds, and put into mixing glass. Add mint leaves, simple syrup, lime wedges, and muddle ingredients. Fill glass with ice, add light rum, and fill with soda water. Stir and garnish with four (4) reserved kumquat slices. <END>
INPUT: pancake, olive oil, russet potatoes, carrot, parsley, Salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Potato Carrot Pancake | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons olive oil; 2 russet potatoes, grated; 1 carrot, peeled and grated; 1 tablespoon chopped parsley; Salt and pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat oil in small non-stick skillet over medium high heat. In a large bowl stir together the potatoes, carrot, parsley and salt and pepper. Add vegetable mixture to hot skillet and flatten with a spatula. When pancake has browned flip over and continue to brown. Reduce heat and cook pancake until crisp on outside and tender on the inside about 5 minutes per side. <END>
INPUT: rice, kidney beans, smoked pork ham, rendered pork fat, celery, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Red Beans and Rice | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound dry red kidney beans; 8 ounces smoked pork or ham, diced; 1-ounce rendered pork fat; 2 ribs celery, diced; 1/2 yellow onion, sliced; 1 red bell pepper, diced; 1 green bell pepper, diced; Salt; Red pepper flakes; 2 tablespoons tomato paste; 1 clove garlic, sliced; 2 quarts chicken stock; Dash hot sauce (recommended: Tabasco); 1 tablespoon red wine vinegar; Green onions, sliced | INSTRUCTIONS: Ingredients for the green rice:; For the Red Beans: Soak beans overnight in cool water. In a large sauce pot, over medium heat, brown the pork in the pork fat. Add the celery, onion and bell peppers and let sweat until lightly brown. Season with salt and red pepper flakes. Stir in the tomato paste and garlic. Add the chicken stock and beans. Reduce heat to low and simmer until beans are tender and thick. Season with salt, to taste and stir in the hot sauce, vinegar and green onions. For the green rice: In a food processor add the herbs, oil and a pinch of salt. Add the rice and water to a rice <END>
INPUT: Italian, pesto, sirloin steak, virgin olive oil, Juice lemon, Kosher salt pepper, pine nuts
OUTPUT: TITLE: Steak With Spicy Olive Pesto | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 2 1/4-pound boneless sirloin steak (1 1/4 inches thick); 1/2 cup extra-virgin olive oil; Juice of 1 lemon; Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper; 1/4 cup pine nuts; 1 bunch parsley (leaves only); 1 clove garlic; 1/2 teaspoon red pepper flakes; 1/4 cup finely grated parmesan or grana padano cheese; 1/4 cup chopped pitted green olives (such as Sicilian or Cerignola) | INSTRUCTIONS: Pound the steak on both sides with a meat tenderizer or pierce with a fork. Transfer to a large resealable plastic bag; add 2 tablespoons olive oil, the lemon juice, 1/2 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of pepper. Seal the bag and shake to coat; marinate in the refrigerator, 2 to 8 hours. Meanwhile, make the pesto: Toast the pine nuts in a small skillet over medium-high heat, tossing occasionally, until slightly golden, about 3 minutes; let cool. Pulse the parsley, garlic and red pepper flakes in a food processor until almost smooth. Add the toasted pine nuts, cheese and 5 tablespoons olive oil  <END>
INPUT: Indian, indonesian, curry, cinnamon, shallots, lemongrass, cilantro, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Indonesian Coconut Curry Chicken Wings | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 4 shallots, roughly chopped; 2 lemongrass stalks, thinly sliced; 1 bunch cilantro, stems roughly chopped, leaves reserved; 1 head of garlic, cloves separated, peeled and crushed; One 8-inch piece ginger (about 6 ounces), thinly sliced; 2 limes; Two 13.5-ounce cans unsweetened coconut milk; 4 pounds chicken wings, split at the joint, wingtips removed and discarded; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 shallots, thinly sliced crosswise and separated into rings; 1 cucumber, thinly sliced; 1 medium carrot, thinly sliced; 1/4 cup rice wine vinegar; 2 tablespoons sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine the cinnamon, shallots, lemongrass, cilantro stems, garlic and ginger in a large bowl. Finely grate the zest of the limes into the bowl (reserve the limes separately) and stir in the coconut milk. Reserve 1 1/2 cups of the coconut mixture separately, then add the chicken wings to the bowl with the remainder and toss to coat. Cover the bowl with plastic wrap and refrigerate for at least 2 hours, or preferably overnight. Meanwhile, make the pickle: Combine the shallots, cucumber, carrot and 1 tablespoon salt in a medium bowl. Carefully pour 3 cups boiling water over the vegetables, then  <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, new potatoes, coconut oil, thyme, Kosher salt pepper, crumbled feta
OUTPUT: TITLE: New Potatoes with Feta | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 2 1/2 pounds new potatoes, quartered; 1/4 cup coconut oil; 3 sprigs thyme, leaves picked and chopped; Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper; 1/2 cup crumbled feta; 1/4 cup thinly sliced green onions | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Place a baking sheet in the oven to preheat while you prepare the potatoes. Toss the potatoes with the oil and thyme on a baking sheet and season liberally with salt and pepper. Roast the potatoes until golden brown and crisp on the outside but fork-tender on the inside, 15 to 18 minutes. Transfer to a large bowl and toss with the feta and green onions. Serve immediately. <END>
INPUT: American, salad, virgin olive oil, Sea salt pepper, arugula, roasted peppers
OUTPUT: TITLE: Seared Rib-Eye Steak with Arugula and Roasted Pepper Salad | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil, plus 2 tablespoons for cooking steaks; 2 (1-inch-thick) rib-eye steaks (about 1 pound each); Sea salt and freshly ground black pepper; 3 cups arugula, washed and spun dry; 11/2 cups roasted peppers, rinsed and pat dry; 4 tablespoons balsamic vinegar; Small block Parmesan (about 8 ounces) | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large saute pan, heat 2 tablespoons olive oil. Season steaks with salt and pepper. When pan starts to smoke, carefully add steaks. Allow the steaks to cook for about 6 minutes on side, without moving or piercing the meat. This will help create a good, crusty sear. If steak starts to brown too quickly, reduce heat to medium. When steaks are brown, flip and sear the other side for 6 minutes for medium rare. Cook for an additional 3 to 4 minutes per side for medium well. Remove meat to a large plate and allow to rest for 10 minutes. Decoratively line a large platter with arugula. Tear the ro <END>
INPUT: biscuits, milk, lemon, lemon juice, all purpose flour, Kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Quick Scallion Biscuits | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/4 cups cold milk; 1 lemon, zested; 2 tablespoons lemon juice; 3 cups all-purpose flour, plus more for work surface; Kosher salt; 3/4 teaspoon baking soda; 1/4 cup unsalted butter, cubed and well chilled in the freezer; 4 scallions, finely chopped, white and light green only | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Combine the milk, zest and lemon juice in a tall glass. Refrigerate and allow to curdle for 10 to 15 minutes, until thick. Sift together the flour, a generous pinch of salt, and baking soda into a medium bowl. Using your fingers gently mix in the butter until an even, but grainy texture is reached, being careful not to melt the butter as you work. Add the soured milk and scallions and stir until the dough comes together. (Dough will be sticky.) Gather the dough into a ball, and refrigerate 15 to 20 minutes, until chilled. Transfer the dough to a floured surfa <END>
INPUT: salad, bacon, watercress, Kirby cucumbers, radishes, flour
OUTPUT: TITLE: Scallops With Watercress Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 strips bacon; 2 bunches watercress, thick stems trimmed; 2 Kirby cucumbers, cut into spears; 1 bunch radishes, quartered; 1/3 cup instant flour (such as Wondra); Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper; 3 to 4 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1 1/3 pounds large sea scallops (about 16); Juice of 1 lemon; 1/3 cup chopped fresh chives; 4 thick slices rustic bread, toasted | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook the bacon in a medium nonstick skillet until crisp. Transfer to a paper towel-lined plate to drain; reserve the skillet. Divide the watercress, cucumbers and radishes among plates. Season the flour with salt and pepper in a shallow dish. Discard all but 1 tablespoon of the bacon drippings from the skillet, add 1 tablespoon olive oil and heat over medium heat. Working in batches, toss the scallops in the flour and cook until golden on the bottom, about 2 minutes. Turn and cook until golden on the other side, about 2 more minutes (add 1 tablespoon oil, if necessary). Arrange the scallops ov <END>
INPUT: Italian, ravioli, brown, bell peppers, bell pepper, olive oil, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Goat Cheese Ravioli with Bell Peppers and Brown Butter | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 2 small red bell peppers; 2 small yellow bell peppers; 1 small green bell pepper; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1/2 cup chopped onion; 1/2 cup diced seeded tomatoes; 2 teaspoons red wine vinegar; Cornmeal for sprinkling; 8 ounces soft fresh goat cheese; 1/3 cup grated Parmesan cheese plus additional for sprinkling; 1/4 cup mascarpone cheese; 2 tablespoons chopped assorted fresh herbs (such as basil, chives, mint, and tarragon); 18 wonton wrappers; 4 tablespoons (1/2 stick) butter; Toasted pine nuts | INSTRUCTIONS: For bell peppers: Char all peppers over gas flame or in broiler until blackened on all sides. Place in paper bag; seal and let stand at room temperature 15 minutes. Peel and seed peppers; chop. Heat oil in large skillet over medium heat. Add onion and tomatoes and cook until onion begins to brown, about 4 minutes. Reduce heat to low; cook until vegetables are very soft and onion is brown, stirring often, about 15 minutes. Add chopped peppers and vinegar. Season with salt and pepper. DO AHEAD: Can be made 1 day ahead. Cover; chill. Char all peppers over gas flame or in broiler until blackened o <END>
INPUT: artichokes, lemons, flat leaf parsley, garlic, Salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Artichokes with Parsley and Garlic | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 fresh artichokes; 2 lemons halved, plus 1/3 cup freshly squeezed lemon juice; 3 tablespoons freshly chopped flat-leaf parsley; 1 teaspoon minced garlic; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1/2 cup extra-virgin olive oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Preheat grill to medium-high heat. Trim the stem from each artichoke to 1-inch long, then bend back and snap off dark outer leaves. Cut top inch of artichokes with serrated knife. Using a vegetable peeler, peel dark green areas from stem and base of artichoke. Quarter each artichoke. Using a small, sharp knife, cut out the choke and remove the purple, prickly tipped leaves from the center of each wedge. Place finished artichokes in a large bowl of cold water and squeeze 2 lemons into the water and stir. Continue with remaining artichokes. Once finis <END>
INPUT: dressing, broccoli, bacon, garlic, raisins, distilled vinegar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Broccoli with Hot Bacon Dressing | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 lb broccoli, trimmed and cut into 1-inch florets (reserving stems); 1/4 lb sliced bacon (about 4 slices), cut crosswise into 1/4-inch-wide strips; 1 garlic clove, finely chopped; 1/3 cup raisins; 1/4 cup distilled white vinegar; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/4 teaspoon black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Peel broccoli stems with a vegetable peeler, then cut crosswise into 1/4-inch slices. Cook bacon in a 12-inch heavy skillet over moderate heat, stirring occasionally, until browned and crisp, 4 to 5 minutes. Transfer bacon with a slotted spoon to several layers of paper towels to drain, leaving fat in skillet. Add garlic and raisins to skillet and cook over moderate heat, stirring, until garlic is pale golden, about 1 minute. Stir in vinegar, oil, salt, and pepper, then remove from heat. Meanwhile, cook broccoli florets and stems in a large pot of boiling salted water until just tender, 4 to 5 <END>
INPUT: boats, Hass avocados, lemon, Hot sauce, virgin olive oil, plum tomatoes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Avocado Boats | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 ripe Hass avocados; 1 lemon; Hot sauce, several drops (recommended: Tabasco); Extra-virgin olive oil, for drizzling; 2 small plum tomatoes, seeded and chopped; 2 scallions, chopped; Coarse salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Cut into and all around the pit of each avocado, down to the pits. Twist the avocados and separate them. Whack the corner of your knife into each pit and remove it. Using a large spoon, scoop out each avocado half and arrange them on a plate. Dress the avocados with lemon juice, a few drops of hot sauce and a drizzle of extra-virgin olive oil. Combine the tomatoes and scallions and season with salt. Fill the avocados with plum tomatoes and serve. <END>
INPUT: Italian, tonnato, turkey breast, oregano, thyme, basil, virgin olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Turkey Tonnato | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 2 pound turkey breast, skinless and boneless; 1 tablespoon dried oregano; 1 tablespoon dried thyme; 1 tablespoon dried basil; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1 cup chicken stock; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 6 ounces canned white meat tuna, packed in olive oil ? do not drain; 1 teaspoon anchovy paste or 1 anchovy fillet, drained; 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice; 1 tablespoon capers; 1/3 cup mayonnaise; Chopped parsley leaves, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat oven 375 degrees F. Season the turkey with salt, pepper and herbs. Coat with olive oil, place in a baking pan and pour the chicken broth around the turkey. Place in the oven and bake for 30 to 40 minutes. Remove from oven and let cool in the baking pan for 10 minutes. Slice into 1/2-inch slices, on an angle. Allow to sit in baking pan with juices as you make sauce. In the bowl of a food processor add the tuna, anchovy, lemon juice and capers. Puree until creamy, about 1 minute. Pour the tuna mixture into a bowl and stir in the mayonnaise. Place the slices <END>
INPUT: shortbread, all purpose flour, salt, baking powder, rosemary
OUTPUT: TITLE: Rosemary Shortbread | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups all-purpose flour; 3/4 teaspoon salt; 1/2 teaspoon baking powder; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh rosemary; 1 1/2 sticks (3/4 cup) unsalted butter, softened; 2 tablespoons mild honey; 1/2 cup confectioners sugar; 1 tablespoon granulated sugar; Garnish: small rosemary sprigs; Special equipment: parchment paper | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 300°F. Whisk together flour, salt, baking powder, and rosemary in a bowl. Mix together butter, honey, and confectioners sugar in a large bowl with an electric mixer at low speed, then add flour mixture and mix until dough resembles coarse meal with some small (roughly pea-size) butter lumps. Gather dough into a ball and transfer to a lightly floured surface. Knead dough until it just comes together, about 8 times. Halve dough and form each half into a 5-inch disk. Roll out 1 disk (keep remaining dough at room temperature) between 2 sheets of parchment into a 9-inch round (trim  <END>
INPUT: bourbon, loose leaf chamomile, slab bacon, light sugar, coffee
OUTPUT: TITLE: Candied Bacon | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 bottle bourbon; 1 ounce loose leaf chamomile tea; 5 pounds slab bacon, cubed; 1 pound light brown sugar; 3 tablespoons ground coffee; 3 tablespoons cocoa powder; 3 tablespoons sea salt; 1 tablespoon espelette pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. In a large pot over medium-high heat, bring the bourbon, 2 cups water and loose tea to a simmer. Drop the bacon cubes into the pot and continue to simmer until the bacon is cooked through and the liquid has reduced. In a shallow bowl, combine the brown sugar, coffee, cocoa, salt and espelette. Using a slotted spoon, removed the bacon cubes from the bourbon mixture and toss with the sugar and spices. Reserve the bourbon mixture. Place the coated bacon cubes in a glass baking dish and bake for 20 to 25 minutes. Remove from the oven and place on wire cooling rac <END>
INPUT: American, casserole, eggs, heavy cream, kosher salt more, pepper more, unsalted butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Potato, Sausage, and Spinach Breakfast Casserole | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 16 large eggs; 1 1/4 cups heavy cream; 1 1/2 teaspoons kosher salt plus more; 3/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper plus more; 5 tablespoons unsalted butter, divided; 12 ounces fresh breakfast sausage links; 2 cups sliced leeks, white and pale-green parts only; 2 russet potatoes (1 1/2 pounds), peeled, shredded, lightly squeezed; 1 pound frozen spinach, thawed, squeezed dry, roughly chopped; 1 1/2 cups (4 ounces) grated Gruyère; 1/2 cup (1 1/2 ounces) grated Parmesan | INSTRUCTIONS: Position a rack in top third of oven; preheat to 350°F. Whisk eggs, cream, 1 1/2 teaspoon salt, and 3/4 teaspoon pepper in a large bowl; set aside. Melt 1 tablespoon butter in a 12" cast-iron or nonstick ovenproof skillet over medium heat. Add sausages and cook, turning often, until browned all over, about 10 minutes. Transfer to a plate. Add leeks to skillet. Season with salt; cook until wilted, about 5 minutes. Transfer to a small bowl. Melt 3 tablespoons butter in same skillet over medium heat. Add potatoes, spreading out in an even layer. Cook without stirring until bottom and edges are cr <END>
INPUT: Italian, salad, almonds, Kosher salt, ditalini pasta, virgin olive oil, parmesan cheese
OUTPUT: TITLE: Toasted Almond Pasta Salad | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1/3 cup sliced almonds; Kosher salt; 1 3/4 cups ditalini pasta (about 10 ounces); 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 1/4 cup grated parmesan cheese; 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 1 small shallot, finely chopped; 1 tablespoon fresh thyme (preferably lemon thyme), roughly chopped; Freshly ground pepper; Pinch of red pepper flakes | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Spread the almonds on a rimmed baking sheet and bake, tossing occasionally, until golden brown, 8 to 10 minutes. Meanwhile, bring a pot of salted water to a boil. Add the pasta and cook as the label directs, then drain and rinse under cold water. Transfer to a serving bowl and toss with the olive oil, parmesan, lemon juice, shallot, thyme, 1 teaspoon salt and about half of the almonds. Season with salt and pepper. Top with the remaining almonds and the red pepper flakes. Photograph by Anna Williams <END>
INPUT: American, pears, mixed field greens, walnuts, Maytag cheese, Port Shallot Dressing
OUTPUT: TITLE: Field Greens with Pears and Blue Cheese | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 pears; 4 to 6 ounces mixed field greens (4 to 6 cups), washed and dried; 1 cup toasted walnuts, coarsely chopped; 8 ounces Maytag blue cheese, crumbled (1 1/2 cups); Port-Shallot Dressing, recipe follows; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 cups ruby port; 1/2 cup thickly sliced shallots; 1 tablespoon red wine vinegar; 1/2 cup extra virgin olive oil; Salt and freshly ground pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Just before serving time, peel, core, and slice the pears. Combine the greens, pears, walnuts, and blue cheese in a large salad bowl. Drizzle half the Port-Shallot Dressing over the top and toss. Drizzle in the remaining dressing, tossing until the greens are well coated-you may not need to add all the dressing. (Leftover dressing can be kept refrigerated for up to 1 week for another use.) Season with salt and pepper, and toss again. Place on chilled salad plates and serve. Pour the port into a small heavy saucepan over medium heat. Add the shallots and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat to low  <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, tabbouleh, chicken broth, water, lemon juice, olive oil, couscous
OUTPUT: TITLE: Couscous Tabbouleh | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup chicken broth; 1 cup water; 1/2 cup fresh lemon juice; 1/3 cup plus 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1 1/2 cups couscous; 1 seedless cucumber, cut into 1/4-inch pieces, plus cucumber slices for garnish; 8 plum tomatoes, seeded and cut into 1/4-inch dice, plus tomato slices for garnish; 3/4 cup finely chopped scallion; 2 cups loosely packed fresh parsley leaves, minced; 1 cup loosely packed fresh mint leaves, minced, plus mint sprigs for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: In a saucepan combine the broth, the water, 1/4 cup of the lemon juice, and 2 tablespoons of the oil, bring the mixture to a boil, and stir in the couscous. Cover the pan, remove it from the heat, and let the couscous stand for 5 minutes. Fluff the couscous with a fork and let it cool in the pan. In a very large bowl stir together the cucumber pieces, the tomato dice, the scallion, the remaining 1/3 cup oil, the remaining 1/4 cup lemon juice, and salt to taste and let the mixture stand for 15 minutes. Add the couscous, the parsley, and the mint leaves, stir the salad well, and chill it, covere <END>
INPUT: coolers, trimmed rhubarb, water, sugar, mint leaves, mint
OUTPUT: TITLE: Rhubarb Mint Coolers | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound trimmed rhubarb; 5 cups water; 1 cup sugar; 1/4 cup packed fresh mint leaves; Garnish: fresh mint sprigs | INSTRUCTIONS: Cut rhubarb into 1/4-inch pieces and, in a saucepan, bring to a boil with water, sugar, and mint leaves. Simmer mixture, stirring occasionally, 15 minutes (rhubarb will disintegrate) and cool 15 minutes. Pour mixture through a fine sieve into a pitcher, pressing hard on solids. Chill mixture, covered, until cold, about 3 hours, and up to 2 days. Serve coolers over ice in glasses, garnished with mint sprigs. Cut rhubarb into 1/4-inch pieces and, in a saucepan, bring to a boil with water, sugar, and mint leaves. Simmer mixture, stirring occasionally, 15 minutes (rhubarb will disintegrate) and co <END>
INPUT: Mexican, virgin olive oil, spicy fully turkey, poblano chile, oregano, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spicy Turkey Chile Verde with Hominy and Squash | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1 pound spicy fully cooked turkey sausages (such as habanero and green chile or andouille), diced; 1 large fresh poblano chile,* stemmed, seeded, cut into 1/2-inch pieces (1 generous cup); 1 1/2 teaspoons dried oregano; 4 large garlic cloves; 1 15-ounce can hominy in juice; 1 cup bottled thick and chunky salsa verde (medium heat); 1/2 cup plus 2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro, divided; 2 cups 3/4-inch cubes peeled butternut squash (8 ounces) | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat oil in heavy large pot over medium heat. Add sausage. Sauté to heat through, about 4 minutes. Add chile and oregano. Press in garlic. Stir 2 minutes. Add hominy with juice, salsa verde, 1/2 cup cilantro, and squash. Bring to simmer. Cover, reduce heat to medium-low, and simmer until squash is tender, stirring occasionally, 12 to 15 minutes. Uncover and simmer to thicken, if desired. Transfer chile verde to bowl. Sprinkle with remaining 2 tablespoons cilantro and serve. Heat oil in heavy large pot over medium heat. Add sausage. Sauté to heat through, about 4 minutes. Add chile and oregano. <END>
INPUT: dough, all purpose flour, vegetable shortening, salt, ice water
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pastry Dough | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/4 cups all-purpose flour; 3/4 stick (6 tablespoons) cold unsalted butter, cut into 1/2-inch cubes; 2 tablespoons cold vegetable shortening (preferably trans-fat-free); 1/4 teaspoon salt; 3 to 4 tablespoons ice water; Special equipment: a pastry or bench scraper | INSTRUCTIONS: Blend together flour, butter, shortening, and salt in a bowl with your fingertips or a pastry blender (or pulse in a food processor) just until most of mixture resembles coarse meal with some small (roughly pea-size) butter lumps. Drizzle 3 tablespoons ice water evenly over mixture and gently stir with a fork (or pulse in food processor) until incorporated. Squeeze a small handful: If it doesn't hold together, add more ice water, 1/2 tablespoon at a time, stirring (or pulsing) until incorporated, then test again. (If you overwork mixture, pastry will be tough.) Turn out mixture onto a lightly  <END>
INPUT: water, sea salt, thyme, parsley, wine
OUTPUT: TITLE: Boiled Lobster | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 gallon water; 1/4 cup sea salt; 1/4 bunch fresh thyme, leaves and sprigs intact; 1/2 bunch fresh parsley, stems kept for steaming water and leaves finely chopped; 1 cup dry white wine; 1 lemon, juiced, plus 1 lemon cut into 6 wedges; 5 lobster tails; 1/2 pound butter | INSTRUCTIONS: Pour 1 gallon of water into a large stock-pot, and add sea salt. Add the thyme sprigs and parsley stems, white wine, and lemon juice. Bring the pot to a rolling boil. Place the lobster tails into a steaming tray or colander, on top but not touching the boiling water for about 12 minutes, until the meat loses its opalescence. In a small saucepan, melt the butter over medium heat. Bring to a boil until the milk solids have separated and sunk to the bottom of the pan. Remove out the clarified butter and place in a warm cup until the lobster is done. Serve lobster with lemon wedges, drawn butter i <END>
INPUT: French, souffle, gelatin, raspberry liqueur, vanilla bean, heavy cream, confectioners' sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Vanilla Souffle | CUISINE: French | INGREDIENTS: 3 gelatin sheets; 3 ounces black raspberry liqueur (recommended: Chambord); 1 vanilla bean, split and seeds scraped; 1 quart heavy cream; 4 ounces confectioners' sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: Bloom gelatin sheets in cold water. Combine liqueur and vanilla bean seeds in a small saucepan over low heat. Once gelatin sheets have bloomed, add gelatin to the small saucepan to dissolve. Whip heavy cream and confectioners' sugar to soft peaks. Once the gelatin has dissolved, pour into the whipped cream and begin whisking on high speed to combine. Pour into glasses and allow to set up overnight. <END>
INPUT: waffle, napoleon, all purpose flour, baking powder, baking soda, salt, buttermilk
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate Banana Waffle Napoleon | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cups all-purpose flour; 1 1/2 teaspoons baking powder; 1/2 teaspoon baking soda; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1 1/2 cups buttermilk; 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted and cooled; 2 large eggs, lightly beaten; 2 tablespoons Brown Sugar Butter, plus more for garnish, recipe follows; 4 ripe bananas, sliced 1/4-inch thick; 2 cups Candied Nuts, recipe follows; 2 tablespoons Grand Marnier; Confectioners' sugar, for dusting; 1/2 cup melted bittersweet chocolate (3 ounces), preferably Valrhona; Vegetable-oil cooking spray; 1/2 cup (1 stick) unsalted butter, at room temperature | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat a Belgian-style waffle iron. In a medium bowl, whisk together flour, baking powder, baking soda, and salt. Stir in buttermilk, melted butter, and eggs until smooth. The batter will be thick. Spray waffle iron with cooking spray. Ladle about 1/4 cup batter into each section of the waffle grid; spread batter almost to the edges. Close lid; bake 3 minutes, until no steam emerges from waffle iron. Transfer cooked waffles to a baking sheet; place in a pre-heated oven set to low heat, about 200 degrees F, while using the remaining batter. Meanwhile, in a large skillet over medium heat, melt 2 t <END>
INPUT: served, olive oil, butter, shallots, garlic, morels
OUTPUT: TITLE: Stuffed Guinea Hen, served on a Bed of Pastina with Morels and Fresh Peas | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons olive oil; 6 tablespoons butter; 1/4 cup minced shallots; 2 tablespoons minced garlic; 4 ounces fresh morels, trimmed; 1 cup pastina; 2 cups chicken or vegetable stock, heated; 2 sprigs of thyme; 1 bay leaf; 1 cup fresh peas; 1/4 cup freshly grated Parmesan; Salt and pepper; 1 guinea hen, split in half; 4 ounces goat cheese; 2 tablespoons thinly sliced black truffles | INSTRUCTIONS: Prepare the pastina with morels and fresh peas. In a medium skillet, heat the olive oil and 4 tablespoons of butter. Add the shallots and garlic, and saute until soft and glossy. Do not brown. Add the morels and saute for 1 to 2 minutes. Add the pastina and stir until well coated with the oil. Deglaze with the hot stock and continue to cook and stir until most of the liquid has been absorbed and pastina is al dente. Stir in the thyme and bay leaf. Add the peas, and the remaining 2 tablespoons of butter. Stir in the grated Parmesan. Taste and adjust seasoning with salt and pepper. Transfer to a <END>
INPUT: Italian, pasilla poblano peppers, butter, onions, oregano leaves oregano
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Pasilla Peppers with Corn and Cotija | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 8 fresh pasilla or poblano peppers; 2 tablespoons butter; 3 cups fresh or frozen, thawed, corn kernels; 3 green onions, sliced, including green tops; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh oregano leaves or 2 teaspoons dried oregano; 1 cup Mexican crema or sour cream; 1/4 cup crumbled Mexican cotija or grated Parmesan; Salt and pepper; 1/2 pound small cooked shrimp, optional | INSTRUCTIONS: Roast the peppers over a flame or in a dry skillet, turning with tongs as needed, until charred all over. Put roasted peppers in a plastic bag and let sit until skin rubs off easily; remove skin. Cut a slit in 1 side of each pepper to create a pocket; pull out ribs and seeds. Set peppers aside. In a frying pan, melt butter and add corn, green onions, and oregano. Saute until onions are soft and corn is cooked (about 5 minutes). Stir in crema and cotija, then season, to taste, with salt and pepper. Add shrimp to mixture, if using, and spoon filling evenly into peppers. Wrap peppers in foil and  <END>
INPUT: pancakes, shelled peas, kosher salt more, eggs, low fat cottage, all purpose flour
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pea Pancakes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup shelled fresh peas (from about 1 pound pods) or frozen peas, thawed; 1 teaspoon kosher salt plus more; 3 large eggs; 1 cup low-fat cottage cheese; 1/4 cup all-purpose flour; 2 tablespoons vegetable oil plus more for skillet; 4 scallions, thinly sliced, plus more for serving; 1/4 cup (1/2 stick) salted butter, melted | INSTRUCTIONS: If using fresh peas, cook in a small saucepan of boiling salted water until tender, about 3 minutes (if using frozen peas, do not cook). Drain. Purée eggs, cottage cheese, flour, 2 tablespoons oil, and 1 teaspoon salt in a blender until smooth. Transfer batter to a medium bowl and stir in peas and 4 scallions. (Batter should be thick but pourable; stir in water by tablespoonfuls if too thick). Heat a lightly oiled large nonstick skillet over medium heat. Working in batches, add batter to skillet by 1/4-cupfuls, spreading out to 3"-4" rounds with a spoon. Cook pancakes until bubbles form on top <END>
INPUT: Indian, chutney, mangos, vegetable oil, chile flakes, dice onion, ginger
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mango Chutney | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 4 pounds fresh mangos, ripe but not too soft, peeled; 3 tablespoons vegetable oil; 1 teaspoon chile flakes; 2 1/2 cups medium dice red onion; 1/4 cup minced fresh ginger; 1 cup small dice red bell pepper; 8 ounces unsweetened pineapple juice; 4 ounces cider vinegar; 1/2 cup brown sugar; 1 1/2 tablespoons curry powder; Kosher salt and fresh ground white pepper; 1/2 cup raisins or golden raisins; 1/2 cup toasted, roughly chopped macadamia nuts | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Cut the mango flesh away from the pit. The pit is shaped similar to an obelisk, so you'll end up with 2 large pieces and 2 smaller pieces from each mango. Roughly chop the flesh. In a saute pan heat the oil and add the chile flakes. Be careful not to burn the chile, just toast to flavor the oil. Add the onions and sweat until soft. Add the ginger and bell pepper and saute for 1 to 2 minutes. Finally add the mango and cook for 1 more minute. In a separate bowl, combine the pineapple juice, vinegar, sugar, and curry powder. Add this mixture to the pan. Stir to comb <END>
INPUT: drink, sorrel leaves, sugar, wine sherry
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sorrel Drink | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 5 to 6 (1-inch) slices ginger; 1 cup dried sorrel leaves; 1 tablespoon cloves; Brown sugar; Red wine sherry, optional | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Let cut ginger sit for 2 to 3 hours. The longer it sits the stronger it becomes. Boil ginger in two quarts of water. Once water is boiling, add sorrel and cloves. Boil for 30 minutes. Strain and add sugar and wine to taste. Chill and serve. <END>
INPUT: paupiettes, turkey escalopes, Salt pepper, butter pork duck, onion, pork turkey leg
OUTPUT: TITLE: Turkey Paupiettes with Chestnuts and Brussels Sprouts | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 turkey escalopes; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 tablespoon butter or pork or duck fat; 1 large onion, finely chopped; 5 ounces/140 g ground pork or turkey leg; 3 heaping tablespoons fresh bread crumbs; Generous handful chopped fresh parsley; 6 large fresh sage leaves, shredded; 4 slices bacon, cut into lardons; 1/4 cup/60 ml Cognac or Madeira; 1 cup/250 ml chicken stock; 1 pound/450 g Brussels sprouts, blanched; 8 ounces/225 g cooked chestnuts; Serving suggestion: Serve with squash or pumpkin puree | INSTRUCTIONS: Pound the escalopes between 2 pieces of plastic wrap until very thin. Season with salt and pepper, and set aside. Melt the butter in a saute pan and gently fry the onion. Meanwhile, combine the ground pork, bread crumbs, parsley, and sage in a bowl and when the onion is soft, add it. Season the mixture well with salt and pepper. Fry a tiny piece of the mixture and taste to check the seasonings. Adjust as necessary. Divide the mixture among the escalopes. Wrap them into bundles and tie each one with 3 strings to secure. Wrap the bundles in plastic wrap and twist to shape into rounds, then remov <END>
INPUT: Italian, salad, herbs, chickpeas, basil, Italian parsley, lemon juice, virgin olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chickpea Salad With Lemon, Parmesan, and Fresh Herbs | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 15-to 15 1/2-ounce can chickpeas (garbanzo beans), rinsed, drained; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh basil; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh Italian parsley; 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 4 teaspoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1 small garlic clove, pressed; 1/3 cup (packed) freshly grated Parmesan cheese; Coarse kosher salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine rinsed and drained chickpeas, chopped fresh basil, chopped Italian parsley, fresh lemon juice, extra-virgin olive oil, and pressed garlic clove in medium bowl. Add grated Parmesan cheese and toss gently to blend all ingredients thoroughly. Season chickpea salad to taste with coarse kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper. DO AHEAD: Chickpea salad can be made 4 hours ahead. Cover and refrigerate. Serve salad chilled or at room temperature. Combine rinsed and drained chickpeas, chopped fresh basil, chopped Italian parsley, fresh lemon juice, extra-virgin olive oil, and pressed garlic <END>
INPUT: jerk, wings, dark rum, ancho chili powder, chili de arbol, dark sugar, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Jerk Wings with Rum-Brown Sugar Glaze | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups dark rum; 1 tablespoon ancho chili powder; Pinch ground chili de arbol; 3/4 cup dark brown sugar; Pinch salt; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, cut into small pieces; Peanut or canola oil; 2 tablespoons ground coriander; 2 tablespoons ground ginger; 2 tablespoons light brown sugar; 1 tablespoon onion powder; 1 tablespoon garlic powder; 1 tablespoon kosher salt, plus more for seasoning; 1 tablespoon habanero powder; 2 teaspoons coarsely ground black pepper, plus more for seasoning | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Whisk together the rum, ancho powder, chile de arbol, brown sugar, and salt in a medium saucepan. Bring to a boil over high heat and cook until reduced by half. Remove from the heat, and then add butter. Heat 2 inches of oil in a large high-sided pan until it reaches 365 degrees F on a deep-fry thermometer. Stir together the coriander, ginger, sugar, onion and garlic powders, salt, habanero powder, black pepper, thyme, cinnamon, allspice, and cloves in a large bowl. Season the wings with salt and pepper and toss them in the jerk rub. Add the wings, in batches, to <END>
INPUT: roast, pork loin, garlic, thyme, Salt pepper, Olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roast Pork Loin | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 to 6 pounds pork loin, trussed with butcher twine; 4 to 6 garlic cloves, chopped; 4 to 6 tablespoons fresh thyme, picked and chopped; Salt and freshly ground pepper; Olive oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Rub pork loin with garlic and thyme and season well with salt and pepper. Drizzle with olive oil. Marinate in a plastic bag for at least 2 hours to overnight. Brown all sides and roast on a rack in a roasting pan in a preheated 350 degree oven. Cook until center of loin reaches 160 degrees, about 1 hour and 20 minutes. Allow to rest for 10 minutes before carving. <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, crust, flat leaf parsley, golden raisins, olives, capers, pine nuts
OUTPUT: TITLE: Salmon in a Couscous Crust | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 bunch fresh flat-leaf parsley, chopped; 1/4 cup golden raisins, coarsely chopped; 3 tablespoons coarsely chopped green olives; 2 tablespoons capers, chopped; 3 tablespoons pine nuts, toasted and coarsely chopped; 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil, plus extra for drizzling; 1 lemon, juiced; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 1/2 cups couscous (see note); 2 (6-ounce) salmon fillets skinned; 2 cups water | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. In a large bowl, stir together the parsley, raisins, olives, capers, pine nuts, olive oil, and lemon juice and season with salt and pepper; stir in the couscous to moisten completely and season generously with salt and pepper. Put the salmon in a single layer in a smallish buttered gratin dish or baking dish (bottom measured 10 by 7 1/4 inches; 2.8 liter); the fillets should not touch one another. Sprinkle with salt and pepper and drizzle with a little olive oil. Now spoon the couscous mixture over the top of the fish so that it completely covers them and fil <END>
INPUT: Asian, tea bags, canola oil, ginger, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Black Tea Chicken with Eggplant | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 2 black tea bags; 1 pound boneless, skinless chicken breasts; 3 tablespoons canola oil, divided; 1 tablespoon chopped ginger; 1 tablespoon chopped garlic; 2 Asian eggplants, about 1 pound, cut into 1/4-inch slices; 1 tablespoon hoisin sauce; 3 tablespoons low-sodium soy sauce | INSTRUCTIONS: Steep the tea bags in 2 cups boiling water for 5 minutes. Remove the bags and allow the liquid to cool to room temperature. Cut the chicken into bite-sized pieces. Put the pieces into a bowl and cover with the cooled tea. Cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate for 2 hours or up to overnight. When you are ready to cook, drain the chicken and pat it dry. Heat 2 tablespoons canola oil in a large skillet or wok over medium-high heat. Add the ginger, garlic, and chicken and stir-fry until it is just cooked through, 4 to 5 minutes. Remove to a plate and set aside. Add the remaining 1 tablespoon oil <END>
INPUT: Mexican, shakshuka, virgin olive oil, onion, jalapeño, garlic, coriander
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spinach Shakshuka | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, plus more for drizzling; 1 large yellow onion, finely chopped; 1 small jalapeño, seeded and finely chopped; 4 garlic cloves, finely chopped; 1/4 teaspoon ground coriander; 1/4 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1 teaspoon kosher salt; 10 ounces (280 g) baby spinach; 2 teaspoons fresh lemon juice; 4–6 eggs; Freshly ground black pepper; Feta cheese and roughly chopped fresh cilantro, for sprinkling | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat the olive oil in a large pan set over medium heat. Add the onion and jalapeño and cook, stirring occasionally, until softened, 6 to 8 minutes. Add the garlic, coriander, cinnamon, and salt, and cook, stirring, until fragrant, 1 to 2 minutes​. Add the spinach and lemon juice to the pan, turn the heat to low, cover, and cook, tossing occasionally with tongs, until the spinach is very soft, 7 to 10 minutes. (If the spinach does not fit all at once in the pan, add a little at a time, adding more as the spinach in the pan wilts.) Uncover and evenly spread the mixture across the bottom of the p <END>
INPUT: onions, Italian parsley, olive oil, size potatoes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Potatoes with Parsley and Green Onions | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup sliced green onions (about 5); 1 cup coarsely chopped Italian parsley; 1/3 cup olive oil; 2 to 2 1/4 pounds medium-size red potatoes, rinsed, unpeeled | INSTRUCTIONS: Using knife, finely chop green onions and parsley together on cutting board. Transfer to small bowl. Mix in oil. Meanwhile, cook potatoes in pot of boiling salted water until tender, about 25 minutes. Drain potatoes. Cut potatoes into 1-inch cubes; place in large bowl. Season potatoes generously with salt and pepper. Mix in green onion mixture. Serve hot, or let stand up to 2 hours and serve at room temperature. Using knife, finely chop green onions and parsley together on cutting board. Transfer to small bowl. Mix in oil. Meanwhile, cook potatoes in pot of boiling salted water until tender, a <END>
INPUT: Silver rum, amaretto, Luxardo maraschino cherry, Ice, Wedge lime
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cherry Splash | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 oz. Silver rum; 1/2 oz. amaretto, almond-flavored liqueur; 1/2 oz. Luxardo maraschino cherry liqueur; Ice; Wedge of lime; Splash of maraschino cherry juice; Maraschino cherry for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Pour rum, amaretto and cherry liqueur in a cocktail shaker with ice. Shake until ingredients are well combined and chilled. Pour into a highball glass filled with ice. Squeeze a lime wedge over drink and drop into glass. Add a pour of cherry juice and garnish with a maraschino cherry. <END>
INPUT: Italian, parmesan, Panko breadcrumbs, parsley, Four six chicken, Kosher salt pepper, flour
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken Parmesan with Broccoli Rabe | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: Panko breadcrumbs; 1/2 cup chopped fresh parsley; Four to six 6- to 8-ounce chicken breasts, trimmed and pounded out lightly; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 cups flour; 3 eggs, beaten; Grapeseed oil; 2 cups prepared marinara sauce; 4 to 6 slices whole milk mozzarella; 2 cloves garlic; 2 to 3 pounds broccoli rabe, leaves removed and blanched; Butter | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Combine the breadcrumbs and the parsley in a medium plate, mixing thoroughly. Sprinkle the chicken with salt and pepper. Place the chicken in the flour to cover, then into the egg wash and finally into the breadcrumb mixture. Place the saute pan on medium heat, add some oil and add the chicken to pan. If the oil gets too hot it will burn the outside of the chicken before the inside cooks. Once the edges of the chicken start to brown, turn over. Top each breast with some marinara sauce and a slice of cheese. Place the chicken on a sheet tray and then put it in <END>
INPUT: crisps, sauce, butter, gyoza, live lobster, Champagne, water
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lobster Crisps in Champagne-Dill Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 5 tablespoons butter, room temperature; 6 gyoza (potsticker) wrappers*; 1 1 1/2- to 1 3/4-pound live lobster; 2 cups extra-dry Champagne; 2 cups water; 1/3 cup chopped shallots; 1 teaspoon tomato paste; 1/4 cup whipping cream; 3/4 cup thin strips fresh fennel bulb; 3/4 cup thin strips peeled carrots; 3/4 cup thinly sliced leek (white and pale green parts only); 4 teaspoons chopped fresh dill; *Gyoza wrappers can be found at Asian markets and in the refrigerator section of many supermarkets. If unavailable, substitute wonton wrappers | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350°F. Melt 1 tablespoon butter in small saucepan. Brush gyoza on both sides with butter. Arrange on baking sheet. Bake until golden, about 8 minutes. Cool; wrap crisps airtight. Cook lobster in large pot of boiling salted water until just cooked through, about 8 minutes. Transfer lobster to large bowl. Let stand 15 minutes. Working over bowl to catch juices, twist lobster tails and claws from body. Crack shells and carefully remove lobster meat. Cover and refrigerate lobster meat. Place all lobster shells and juices in large saucepan. Add Champagne, 2 cups water, shallots and  <END>
INPUT: porchetta, fennel seeds, garlic, fennel fronds, kosher salt, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Porchetta With Roasted Potatoes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon plus 1 1/2 teaspoons fennel seeds; 6 garlic cloves, finely chopped; 1/2 cup roughly chopped fennel fronds (from one bulb); 1 tablespoon plus 1 1/2 teaspoons kosher salt, plus more for seasoning; 1 1/2 teaspoons freshly ground black pepper; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 5 1/2 pounds pork belly with skin attached; 3 1/2 pounds boneless pork loin with fat cap; 3 pounds fingerling potatoes; 1 large rosemary sprig; Butcher's twine, large roasting pan | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350°F and position rack in the lowest position. Toast fennel seeds in a small skillet over high heat until fragrant, about 2 minutes. Transfer to cutting board along with garlic, fennel fronds, salt, and pepper and finely chop together. Transfer mixture to a small bowl and stir in oil. Lay pork belly on cutting board, skin side down. Holding a large sharp knife parallel to the cutting board, split the belly in half, being careful not to cut all the way through the opposite end. Open the split belly like a book and spread fennel-garlic mixture all over. Place pork loin at the en <END>
INPUT: Mexican, lobster, taco, jicama, onion, lemon juice, balsamic vinegar, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lobster Taco | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup shredded jicama; 1/4 cup thinly sliced red onion, (julienne); 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 2 tablespoons white balsamic vinegar; 1 teaspoon salt; 1/2 teaspoon ground white pepper; 1/4 cup shredded jicama; 1/4 cup thinly sliced red onion, (julienne); 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 2 tablespoons white balsamic vinegar; 1 teaspoon salt; 1/2 teaspoon ground white pepper; 1/4 cup whole buttermilk; 2 tablespoons minced fresh cilantro; 2 tablespoons sour cream | INSTRUCTIONS: For the jicama slaw: Blend the jicama, onions, lemon juice, vinegar, salt and pepper, mixing well. After mixing, adjust the seasoning to taste and allow to marinate for a minimum of 1 hour and up to 12 hours in the refrigerator. For the lobster sauce: In a bowl, stir together the buttermilk, cilantro, sour cream, lemon juice, cumin, salt and sriracha. Then add the lobster and mix again. Refrigerate up to 1 hour. To build the dish, fill a taco shell with 2 to 3 tablespoons jicama slaw, and then top with 2 tablespoons lobster sauce, some lettuce and tomatoes. Finish with a dollop of salsa verde. <END>
INPUT: mediterranean, DOLE® Onion, Italian parsley, Kalamata olives, olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mediterranean Tuna Wrap | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cans (6 oz. each) light chunk tuna in water, drained well; 1/4 cup finely diced DOLE® Red Onion; 1/4 cup chopped Italian parsley; 1/4 cup chopped Kalamata olives; 3 tablespoons olive oil; 1/2 teaspoon grated lemon peel; 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 5 cups DOLE® Sweet Baby Lettuces; 4 large whole-grain wraps or flour tortillas; 2 large Roma tomatoes, sliced into 1/2-inch rounds | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine tuna, onion, parsley and olive in medium bowl. Whisk together olive oil, peel, lemon juice, salt and pepper in a small bowl. Pour about 2/3 dressing over the tuna mixture; toss to evenly coat. Pour remaining dressing over the greens, in another bowl; toss to evenly coat. Divide tuna mixture among wraps. Top with 1-1/2 cups greens and tomato slices. Roll up wraps. <END>
INPUT: carbonara, olive oil, onion, slice bacon pancetta, wine chicken broth
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken Carbonara | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 Tbsp. olive oil; 4 boneless, skinless chicken breast halves (about 1-1/4 lbs.); 1 small onion, chopped; 1 slice bacon or pancetta, chopped; 1/3 cup dry white wine or chicken broth; 1 cup frozen green peas, thawed; 1 jar Bertolli® Alfredo Sauce | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat olive oil in 12-inch nonstick skillet over medium-high heat and brown chicken. Remove chicken and set aside. Cook onion and bacon in same skillet, stirring occasionally, 6 minutes or until bacon is cooked and onion is tender. Add wine and cook 1 minute. Stir in Sauce and peas. Bring to a boil over high heat. Reduce heat to low, then return chicken to skillet. Simmer covered 5 minutes or until chicken is thoroughly cooked. Sprinkle, if desired, with cracked black pepper. Cost per recipe*: $10.46. Cost per serving*: $2.62. *Based on average retail prices at national supermarkets. <END>
INPUT: farinata, chick pea flour, water, salt, olive oil, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Farinata with Sage, Olives, and Onion | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup chick-pea flour; 2 cups cold water; 1 1/4 teaspoons salt; 4 1/2 tablespoons olive oil; 1/2 large white onion, thinly sliced; 30 Niçoise olives, pitted; 45 small or 30 large fresh sage leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: At least 1 hour before making farinata, set a pizza stone on rack in upper third of oven and preheat oven to 550°F. Whisk together chick-pea flour and water until smooth, then whisk in salt and 2 tablespoons of oil. Let stand at least 30 minutes at room temperature. Cook onion with salt to taste in 1 tablespoon oil in a large heavy skillet over moderate heat, stirring occasionally, until golden, about 10 minutes, then cool. Put a seasoned 10-inch cast-iron round griddle on pizza stone and heat 10 minutes. Remove pan from oven and add 1/2 tablespoon oil, tilting to coat evenly. Working quickly, <END>
INPUT: marinade, Juice lemon, olive oil, garlic, peppercorns, chicken breasts
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken with Black Pepper Lemon Marinade | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Juice of 1 lemon; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 3 cloves garlic, minced; 1 tablespoon black peppercorns, crushed; 4 chicken breasts, skinless and boneless; Salt | INSTRUCTIONS: In a shallow glass baking dish combine fresh lemon juice with olive oil, garlic and crushed peppercorns. Mix together with a fork. Place chicken breasts in baking dish and turn several times to coat with mixture. Let marinate for 30 minutes. Heat an indoor iron grill pan or outdoor grill until very hot. Sprinkle chicken breasts with salt and cook for 3 to 5 minutes on each side or until cooked through. <END>
INPUT: streusel, cake, unsalted butter, cored Granny Smith, sugar, cinnamon, all purpose flour
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pumpkin-Apple Streusel Cake | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons unsalted butter; 4 cups diced peeled cored Granny Smith apples (about 4 large); 3 tablespoons sugar; 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 11/2 cups all purpose flour; 1 cup (firmly packed) golden brown sugar; 1/2 cup (1 stick) unsalted butter, cut into pieces, room temperature; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 3/4 cup canned pure pumpkin; 1/3 cup sour cream; 2 tablespoons sugar; 2 teaspoons pumpkin pie spice; 1 teaspoon baking soda; 2 large eggs; Vanilla ice cream | INSTRUCTIONS: For apples: Melt butter in large nonstick skillet over medium-high heat. Add apples; sauté until apples begin to brown, about 5 minutes. Add sugar and cinnamon and sauté until golden brown, about 3 minutes longer. Cool. Melt butter in large nonstick skillet over medium-high heat. Add apples; sauté until apples begin to brown, about 5 minutes. Add sugar and cinnamon and sauté until golden brown, about 3 minutes longer. Cool. For cake: Preheat oven to 350°F. Butter 9-inch-diameter springform pan. Combine flour, brown sugar, butter, and salt in large bowl. Using electric mixer, beat until mixture <END>
INPUT: chicken broth, water, unsalted butter, light sugar, cumin
OUTPUT: TITLE: Glazed Carrots | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup chicken broth; 1/2 cup water; 1 tablespoon unsalted butter; 1 tablespoon packed light brown sugar; 1/2 teaspoon ground cumin; 1/2 teaspoon salt, plus more for seasoning; 3/4 pound carrots, cut on the bias into coins; 1 teaspoon freshly squeezed lemon juice; 2 teaspoons minced fresh parsley leaves; Freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. In a small skillet, combine the broth, water, butter, brown sugar, cumin, and 1/2 teaspoon salt and bring to a boil over medium heat. Stir until the sugar is dissolved. Add the carrots, reduce the heat and simmer, covered, until just tender, about 4 to 5 minutes. Uncover the pan and let the liquid cook down until it reduces to a glaze, about 2 to 3 minutes. Toss the carrots to generously coat them with the glaze. Stir in the lemon juice and parsley and season with salt and pepper to taste. Transfer to a serving bowl and serve. <END>
INPUT: detroit, refrigerated pizza dough, olive oil, unsalted butter, tomatoes, tomato paste
OUTPUT: TITLE: Detroit-Style Pizza | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 pounds refrigerated pizza dough; 3 tablespoons olive oil; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature; One 28-ounce can peeled whole tomatoes; 1/4 cup tomato paste; 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped; 1/2 teaspoon dried oregano; Pinch chile flakes; Kosher salt; 4 ounces sliced pepperoni; 8 ounces sharp white Cheddar, shredded (about 2 1/2 cups); 8 ounces Havarti, cut into 1/2-inch cubes (about 2 cups); 8 scallions, white and light green parts only, sliced | INSTRUCTIONS: Put the pizza dough in a large bowl and coat with 2 tablespoons of the olive oil. Cover the bowl with plastic wrap and let sit in a warm spot until the dough is slightly puffy, 30 minutes. Spread the butter all over the inside of a metal 9-by-13-inch pan and put the dough in the middle. Starting from the middle of the dough and using your fingertips, push the dough out to the corners of the pan. Cover with plastic wrap and place in a warm spot until puffy and doubled in thickness, about 1 hour. Push the dough all the way to the edges, recover with plastic wrap and let rest for 15 minutes more. <END>
INPUT: American, meatloaf, herbs, virgin olive oil, cubes crustless day, low salt chicken, button mushrooms, eggs
OUTPUT: TITLE: Turkey Meatloaf with Mushrooms and Herbs | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil plus additional for brushing; 2 cups 1/3-inch cubes crustless day-old pain rustique; 1 cup low-salt chicken broth; 8 ounces sliced button mushrooms; 2 large eggs, lightly beaten; 1/4 cup minced shallots; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh Italian parsley; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh thyme; 2 teaspoons coarse kosher salt; 1/2 teaspoon ground black pepper; 1 pound ground turkey (15% fat); 1 pound ground turkey breast | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350°F. Brush 8 1/2 x 4 1/2 x 2 1/3-inch loaf pan with olive oil. Toss bread with broth in large bowl. Let stand until bread absorbs broth and softens, about 10 minutes. Mix in mushrooms, eggs, shallots, parsley, thyme, coarse salt, pepper, and 2 tablespoons oil. Add turkey; mix just until blended. Transfer to pan, mounding in center. Bake until thermometer inserted into center registers 170°F, about 1 hour 25 minutes. Let rest 15 minutes before serving. Preheat oven to 350°F. Brush 8 1/2 x 4 1/2 x 2 1/3-inch loaf pan with olive oil. Toss bread with broth in large bowl. Let stan <END>
INPUT: Italian, Genoa salami, ham, provolone, tomato
OUTPUT: TITLE: Monjunis Muffuletta | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 (12-inch) muffuletta bun spread with garlic butter; 16 pieces Genoa salami; 8 ounces thinly sliced ham; 6 pieces thinly sliced provolone; 4 pieces thinly sliced tomato; 4 pepperoncini peppers, sliced; Monjunis Olive mix, recipe follows; 1/4 cup good quality olive oil; 1/2 cup black olives, pitted; 1/2 cup green olives, pitted; 1 stalk celery; 2 tablespoons capers; 2 red peppers; 2 cloves fresh garlic; Fresh or dried Italian herbs such as basil, oregano, or parsley | INSTRUCTIONS: Layer the bun with ingredients, in order given, and top with the peppers. Bake muffuletta to warm and melt cheese. Spread with Monjunis Olive Mix. Chop ingredients finely or coarsely, whichever is your pleasure. Store in tightly sealed glass jar. <END>
INPUT: Italian, pesto, spiced, lightly shelled unsalted, virgin olive oil, garlic, Coarse kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sauteed Striped Bass with Mint Pesto and Spiced Carrots | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup (packed) fresh mint leaves; 1/4 cup lightly toasted shelled unsalted natural pistachios; 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 1 garlic clove, peeled; Coarse kosher salt; 1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh mint; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh thyme; 4 (6- to 8-ounce) striped bass fillets (with or without skin); 1/2 teaspoon coriander seeds; 1/2 teaspoon cumin seeds; 1/2 teaspoon fennel seeds; 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, divided; 12 ounces medium carrots, peeled, thinly sliced into rounds; 1/8 teaspoon dried crushed red pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: For pesto: Blend mint leaves, pistachios, olive oil, and garlic in processor until coarse puree forms. Season with coarse salt. DO AHEAD Can be made 1 day ahead. Cover and chill. Bring pesto to room temperature and stir before using. Blend mint leaves, pistachios, olive oil, and garlic in processor until coarse puree forms. Season with coarse salt. DO AHEAD Can be made 1 day ahead. Cover and chill. Bring pesto to room temperature and stir before using. For fish: Combine olive oil, mint, and thyme in small bowl. Spread herb mixture all over both sides of fish fillets. Cover and refrigerate fish <END>
INPUT: Asian, rolls, chinese, virgin olive oil, garlic, ginger, scallions, mixed wild mushrooms
OUTPUT: TITLE: Wild Mushroom Spring Rolls with Chinese Mustard Dipping Sauce | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1 tablespoon minced garlic; 1/2 tablespoon grated fresh ginger; 2 scallions, sliced thin; 1 pound mixed wild mushrooms (such as chanterelle, crimini, oyster, shiitake); 2 cups shredded Napa cabbage; 1 carrot, grated; 1 tablespoon hoisin sauce; 1 tablespoon oyster sauce; 2 ounces bean thread noodles, blanched and chopped; 1/2 cup bean sprouts; 2 tablespoons chopped cilantro leaves; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 package spring roll wrappers; 1 egg, beaten | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Heat oil in a skillet or wok over high heat. Add the garlic, ginger, and scallions and cook for 1 minute. Add the mushrooms and cook for another minute. Add the cabbage and carrot and cook until the cabbage starts to wilt, about 2 minutes. Stir in the hoisin and oyster sauces; toss to coat the mixture. Remove from the heat and mix in the noodles, sprouts, and cilantro; season to taste with salt and pepper. The filling should be moist but not wet. Remove from heat and allow to cool. Lay a spring roll wrapper on a flat surface on an angle so it looks like a diamond <END>
INPUT: velvet, berries, sifted cake flour, unsweetened cocoa powder, baking powder, baking soda
OUTPUT: TITLE: Red Velvet Cake with Fresh Berries | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 stick (8 tablespoons) unsalted butter, at room temperature, plus more for pan; 2 1/4 cups sifted cake flour (sifted, then measured), plus more for pan; 3 tablespoons unsweetened cocoa powder; 1 teaspoon baking powder; 1 teaspoon baking soda; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1 cup buttermilk; 2 tablespoons red food coloring; 2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract; 1 teaspoon distilled white vinegar; 1 1/2 cups granulated sugar; 2 large eggs; 1 stick (8 tablespoons) unsalted butter, at room temperature; Two 8-ounce packages cream cheese, at room temperature; 1 tablespoon pure vanilla extract | INSTRUCTIONS: For the cake: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Butter and flour two 9-inch-diameter cake pans with 1 1/2-inch high sides. Sift the flour, cocoa powder, baking powder, baking soda and salt into a medium bowl. Whisk the buttermilk, food coloring, vanilla and vinegar in a small bowl to blend. Using an electric mixer, beat the granulated sugar and butter in a large bowl until well blended. Add the eggs one at a time, beating until well blended after each addition. Beat in the dry ingredients in four additions alternately with the buttermilk mixture in three additions. Divide the batter between t <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, acini di pepe, olive oil, unsalted butter, garlic, hot pepper flakes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Acini de Pepe with Spinach and Feta | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 lb acini di pepe or orzo (1 1/4 cups); 2 tablespoons olive oil; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 3 garlic cloves, minced (1 tablespoon); 1/4 teaspoon dried hot red pepper flakes; 3 scallions, chopped; 1 (10-oz) package chopped frozen spinach, thawed and squeezed dry; 1/2 cup crumbled feta (3 oz; preferably French); Accompaniment: lemon wedges | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook pasta in a 4- to 6-quart pot of boiling salted water , uncovered, stirring occasionally, until al dente, then drain well in a coarse-mesh sieve. Transfer to a bowl and keep warm, covered. Meanwhile, heat oil and butter in a 12-inch heavy skillet over moderately high heat until hot but not smoking, then sauté garlic, red pepper flakes, and scallions, stirring occasionally, until garlic is golden, about 2 minutes. Add spinach and cook, stirring, until heated through, about 4 minutes. Toss pasta with spinach mixture and feta until combined. Season with salt and pepper. Cook pasta in a 4- to  <END>
INPUT: plain yogurt, mint leaves, cilantro leaves, lemon juice, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Yogurt Dip | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup plain yogurt; 1 tablespoon fresh chopped mint leaves; 1 tablespoon fresh chopped cilantro leaves; 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice; 1 tablespoon sugar; Kosher salt; Freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Put yogurt, mint, cilantro, lemon juice, and sugar in a small bowl. Stir until all ingredients are combined, and season with salt and pepper, to taste. <END>
INPUT: water, shrimp boil seasoning, kosher salt, peppercorns
OUTPUT: TITLE: Beer Shrimp Boil | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 (12-ounce) bottles lager beer; 1 cup water; 1 tablespoon shrimp boil seasoning or Creole seasoning mix; 1 teaspoon kosher salt; 1 teaspoon black peppercorns; 1 lemon, juiced, halves reserved; 1 stick unsalted butter; 1 1/2 pounds large shrimp, head and shell left on, rinsed well | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. In a large pot, bring the beer, water, shrimp boil seasoning, salt, peppercorns and the juiced lemon halves to a boil over medium heat. Allow mixture to boil covered for 10 minutes. In the meantime, melt butter in a small saucepan and add the lemon juice. Add the shrimp to the pot of boiling beer, cover, and turn off heat. Check shrimp after 3 minutes for a pink color throughout. Using a slotted spoon, remove the shrimp and transfer to serving bowls. Add 1/2 cup of the beer boiling liquid to the butter and simmer for 2 minutes, then transfer to small serving bowl <END>
INPUT: kosher salt, hot pepper sauce, U.S. farmed catfish, cornmeal, all purpose flour
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fried Catfish | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons plus 3/4 teaspoons kosher salt, divided; 3 tablespoons hot pepper sauce; 6 5-7-ounce U.S.-farmed catfish fillets; 1 1/2 cups white cornmeal; 2 tablespoons all-purpose flour; 2 1/2 teaspoons baking powder; 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 1 teaspoon garlic powder; 1/2 teaspoon cayenne pepper; 3 cups (about) vegetable oil; Special equipment: A deep-fry thermometer | INSTRUCTIONS: Whisk 3 tablespoons salt, hot pepper sauce, and 8 cups hot water in a large bowl until salt dissolves. Chill in freezer until cold, about 30 minutes. Place catfish in brine, cover, and refrigerate for 3 hours. Whisk cornmeal, next 5 ingredients, and remaining 3/4 teaspoon salt in a medium bowl. Attach deep-fry thermometer to the side of a 10" cast-iron skillet or other large heavy skillet. Add oil to come a little less than halfway up side of skillet. Heat over medium heat until thermometer reads 335°F. Rinse catfish; pat dry. Dredge catfish in cornmeal mixture, shaking off excess. Working wit <END>
INPUT: Asian, tart, Swedish ginger cookies, butter, condensed milk, egg yolks
OUTPUT: TITLE: Ginger Pumpkin Tart | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 2 1/2 cups crushed thin Swedish ginger cookies, (about 55 to 60 cookies); 6 tablespoons butter, melted; 1 (15-ounce) can pumpkin puree, organic if possible; 3/4 cup sweetened condensed milk; 2 large egg yolks; Pinch salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Put a 9-inch removable-bottom fluted tart pan on a baking sheet. Make the crust by combining the ginger cookie crumbs and melted butter in a large bowl, until well blended. Add the crumbs to the tart pan and evenly press over the bottom and up the sides with the bottom of a measuring cup. Bake until set and a bit darker in color, 10 to 12 minutes. Remove from the oven and set aside to cool. In a bowl, whisk together the pumpkin, condensed milk, egg yolks and salt until well blended. Pour the filling into the cooled crust, return to the oven, and bake until set an <END>
INPUT: curried, oranges, celery, shrimp, oregano, tomato juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Curried Shrimp | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 oranges; 2 stalks celery, strings removed, cut into 1/4-inch dice; 1 pound large shrimp, peeled and deveined; 1 teaspoon dried oregano; 1 cup tomato juice; 1 tablespoon hot curry powder; 1/2 cup heavy cream; 1/4 teaspoon coarse salt, plus more to taste; 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground pepper, plus more to taste; Cinnamon Basmati Rice with Golden Raisins, recipe follows; 2 tablespoons olive oil; Sprigs fresh oregano, for garnish; 1 small onion, cut into 1/4-inch dice; 1 tablespoon unsalted butter; 1 medium yellow onion cut into 1/4-inch dice | INSTRUCTIONS: Using a citrus zester or the small holes of a box grater, zest oranges. Squeeze juice of oranges into a small bowl. Set zest and juice aside. In a large bowl, combine half of the zest with shrimp, 1 1/2 teaspoons curry powder, 1/4 teaspoon salt, and 1/4 teaspoon pepper. Toss to coat. Heat 1 tablespoon oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Cook shrimp until bright pink, 2 minutes per side. Transfer to a plate. Heat remaining tablespoon oil. Add onion, celery, oregano, and remaining 1 1/2 teaspoons curry powder; cook until onion is translucent, about 4 minutes. Add orange and tomato juices; c <END>
INPUT: Asian, pork tenderloin, Asian sesame oil, orange juice, scallion, soy sauce
OUTPUT: TITLE: Marinated Pork Tenderloin | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 12 - 16 ounces pork tenderloin; 1 teaspoon Asian sesame oil; 2 tablespoons orange juice; 1 scallion, sliced; 1/4 cup of soy sauce; 1 tablespoon ginger, grated; 1 tablespoon honey; 1 tablespoon sesame seeds; 2 cloves garlic, smashed | INSTRUCTIONS: Score pork with a fork, place in baking dish and set aside. In medium bowl combine all ingredients and stir. Pour over tenderloin and cover. Let sit for at least a half hour. Remove from marinade and cook in a cast iron skillet or on a BBQ for about 10 minutes. Serve. <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, vinaigrette, lemon juice, Dijon mustard, virgin olive oil, cherry tomatoes, Kalamata other brine
OUTPUT: TITLE: Baked Halibut with Tomato, Capers, and Olive Vinaigrette | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup fresh lemon juice; 2 teaspoons Dijon mustard; 3/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 1 cup cherry tomatoes, quartered; 2/3 cup Kalamata or other brine-cured black olives, pitted and halved; 2 tablespoons drained capers, rinsed; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 (2 pounds) halibut steak (1 1/2-inch thick), skinned, boned, and cut into 4 pieces | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. Whisk together lemon juice and mustard. Add oil in a slow stream, whisking until emulsified. Stir in tomatoes, olives, capers, and salt and pepper, to taste. Arrange the fish steaks in a ceramic or glass baking dish just large enough to hold them in 1 layer. Pour the vinaigrette over fish. Cook the fish in middle of oven until just cooked through and no longer translucent, 7 to 9 minutes. Serve fish with the vinaigrette from the baking dish. <END>
INPUT: lemon juice, grain mustard, rosemary, garlic, kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pan-Grilled Lamb Shoulder Chops | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup freshly squeezed lemon juice; 2 tablespoons whole-grain mustard; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh rosemary; 3 cloves garlic, minced; 1 teaspoon kosher salt, plus more to taste; 1/2 cup extra-virgin olive oil; Freshly ground black pepper, to taste; Four 8- to 12-ounce lamb shoulder chops | INSTRUCTIONS: To make the marinade: whisk the lemon juice, mustard, rosemary, garlic, and 1 teaspoon of the salt together in a medium bowl. Gradually whisk in the oil and season with pepper. Transfer the marinade to a large sealable plastic bag. Put the lamb chops in the bag, seal, and shake vigorously to evenly coat the meat. Marinate at room temperature for 1 hour or in the refrigerator for at least 4 hours and up to 12. Remove the chops from the marinade and transfer them to a plate. Discard the marinade. Using a spoon, lightly scrape the remaining marinade off the chops and pat them dry. Preheat a large <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, vicki, asparagus, virgin olive oil, thyme leaves, Coarse salt pepper, butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Vicki's Favorite Chicken with Grapes, Couscous and Roasted Asparagus | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 pound asparagus; 5 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, divided; 3 tablespoons chopped fresh thyme leaves, stripped from 6 to 7 sprigs; Coarse salt and pepper; 2 tablespoons butter, cut into pieces; 1/4 cup all-purpose flour, eyeball it; 2 pounds chicken tenders; 1/2 cup white wine, eyeball it; 2 1/2 cups chicken stock (available on soup aisle in paper boxes), divided; 1 cup heavy cream; 1/4 cup grainy, stone-ground mustard; 1 1/2 cups, about 1/2 pound, seedless red grapes, halved; 2 cups couscous | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat oven to 400 degrees F. Trim tough ends of asparagus and save for soup. Place asparagus in a large bowl and toss with about 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, 2 tablespoons of chopped thyme leaves and salt and pepper. Spread the asparagus out on a cookie sheet and roast 10 to 12 minutes until the asparagus is tender and crispy at the tips. Heat a large skillet over medium to medium high heat; add 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, 2 turns of the pan, and 2 tablespoons butter to the pan. Place flour in a shallow dish. Season chicken with salt and pepper then dredge the tenders in flou <END>
INPUT: American, cheese, Butter, Parmesan, flour, mustard
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cheese Souffle | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: Butter, room temperature, for greasing the souffle; 2 tablespoons grated Parmesan; 1 1/2 ounces (3 tablespoons) butter; 3 tablespoons flour; 1 teaspoon dry mustard; 1/2 teaspoon garlic powder; 1/8 teaspoon kosher salt; 1 1/3 cups milk, hot; 4 large egg yolks (2 1/2 ounces by weight); 6 ounces sharp Cheddar; 5 egg whites plus 1 tablespoon water (5 1/2 ounces by weight plus 1/2 ounce water); 1/2 teaspoon cream of tartar | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Use room temperature butter to grease an 8-inch souffle mold. Add the grated Parmesan and roll around the mold to cover the sides. Cover with plastic wrap and place into the freezer for 5 minutes. Preheat oven to 375 degrees F. In a small saucepan, heat the butter. Allow all of the water to cook out. In a separate bowl combine the flour, dry mustard, garlic powder, and kosher salt. Whisk this mixture into the melted butter. Cook for 2 minutes. Whisk in the hot milk and turn the heat to high. Once the mixture reaches a boil, remove from the heat. In a separate bow <END>
INPUT: American, walnut, streusel, maple sugar, lemon juice, vanilla extract, coriander, allspice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Maple-Apple Pie with Walnut Streusel | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup maple sugar; 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; 1 teaspoon ground coriander; 1/4 teaspoon ground allspice; 2 pinches of coarse kosher salt; 2 3/4 to 3 pounds Golden Delicious apples (about 6), peeled, quartered, cored, cut crosswise into 1/4-inch slices; 1 tablespoon unsalted butter; Vanilla ice cream; 1 1/4 cups all purpose flour; 1/2 teaspoon sugar; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 1/2 cup (1 stick) chilled unsalted butter, cut into 1/2-inch cubes; 3 tablespoons (or more) ice water; 1 cup all purpose flour | INSTRUCTIONS: For crust: Whisk flour, sugar, and salt in large bowl to blend. Add butter. Using back of fork, cut in butter until very coarse meal forms. Add 3 tablespoons ice water. Toss until dough comes together in moist clumps, adding more water by teaspoonfuls if dough is dry. Gather dough into ball; flatten into disk. Wrap in plastic and chill at least 1 hour and up to 1 day. Whisk flour, sugar, and salt in large bowl to blend. Add butter. Using back of fork, cut in butter until very coarse meal forms. Add 3 tablespoons ice water. Toss until dough comes together in moist clumps, adding more water by t <END>
INPUT: turnips, butter, poppy seeds, paprika, wine vinegar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pan-Roasted Turnips with Poppy and Paprika | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 pounds turnips, cleaned and quartered; 4 tablespoons butter; 2 tablespoons poppy seeds; 1 tablespoon paprika; 4 tablespoons red wine vinegar; salt and pepper to taste | INSTRUCTIONS: Season turnips with salt and pepper. In a large oven-proof saute pan, heat butter until starting to brown. Add turnips and toss to coat well. Add poppy seeds and saute until light golden brown, about 8 to 9 minutes. Add paprika and toss to coat. Add vinegar and cook until evaporated, 4 to 5 minutes, remove from heat and serve. <END>
INPUT: Asian, soup, virgin olive oil, onion, garlic, ginger root, chile pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Ginger-Soy Carrot Soup | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil or vegetable oil; 1 large onion, chopped; 3 to 4 cloves garlic, chopped; 1-inch ginger root, grated or finely chopped; 1 chile pepper, seeded and chopped; 2 pounds carrots, peeled and sliced or chopped; 1/4 cup tamari sauce; 1 quart chicken stock-in-a-box; 1 cup water; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; Toasted sesame oil, for garnish; 4 large eggs, fried, optional; Finely chopped chives or scallions, for garnish; Toasted sesame rolls, for dunking | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat the extra-virgin olive oil in large Dutch oven over medium-high heat. Add the onions, garlic, ginger and chile pepper and sweat them out a few minutes. Stir in the carrots and tamari sauce, then cover the pot and cook for 7 to 8 minutes. Add the stock and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat and simmer the soup until the carrots are tender. Puree as smooth or chunky as you like with hand blender or in a processor, in batches. Season the soup with salt and pepper, to taste. Cool completely and store in the refrigerator for a make-ahead meal. Reheat, in a covered pot, over medium heat and serve <END>
INPUT: heavy cream, milk, egg yolks, honey, Almond Nougatine
OUTPUT: TITLE: Honey Ice Cream with Almond Nougatine | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups heavy cream; 1 cup milk; 4 egg yolks; 1/2 to 3/4 cup honey; Almond Nougatine, recipe follows; Sesame Seed Cups, recipe follows; 1/2 cup sugar; 1/3 cup sliced, blanched almonds; 1 1/4 cups sesame seeds; 3/4 cup sugar; 3/4 cup (4 to 5) egg whites; 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted; 1 tablespoon sifted all-purpose flour; 1/2 teaspoon sesame oil (optional); Milk | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large, heavy saucepan, bring the cream and milk to a boil. In a large, stainless steel bowl, whisk the egg yolks. Gradually pour the heated liquid into the bowl, whisking all the while. Return to the saucepan and cook over medium heat, stirring with a wooden spoon, until the mixture coats the back of a spoon. Remove from the heat and stir in the honey, to taste. Transfer to a clean bowl and chill over ice cubes and cold water. Strain. Freeze in an ice cream maker according to manufacturer's instructions. Just before the ice cream is completely set, stir in the Almond Nougatine, and contin <END>
INPUT: Mexican, soup, corn, garlic, onion, jalapeno pepper, corn oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tortilla Soup | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2 ears fresh corn, husks removed; 4 or 5 large garlic cloves, peeled; 1 small onion (about 3 ounces), peeled, trimmed, and quartered; 1 small jalapeno pepper, trimmed and seeded; 2 tablespoons corn oil; 2 corn tortillas, cut into 1-inch squares; 2 large ripe tomatoes (1 pound), peeled, seeded, and coarsely chopped; 2 tablespoons tomato paste; 2 to 3 teaspoons ground cumin; 2 quarts chicken stock; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 corn tortillas; 1 ripe avocado; 1 large chicken breast, cooked, boned, and skinned; 1/2 cup grated Cheddar | INSTRUCTIONS: Using a large knife, carefully scrape the kernels off the corncobs and set aside, reserving the cobs. Using a food processor fitted with the steel blade, or a large knife, coarsely chop the garlic, onion, jalapeno pepper, and corn kernels. Reserve. In a large soup pot, heat the oil. Add the squares of tortillas and cook over low heat until they are slightly crisp. Stir in the chopped vegetables and simmer just until the vegetables are coated with the oil. Do not brown. Add the tomatoes, the tomato paste, and 2 teaspoons of the cumin and continue to simmer for about 10 minutes to maximize the f <END>
INPUT: tart, all purpose flour, sugar, sea salt, butter, ice water
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Asparagus Tart | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 1/2 cups all-purpose flour; 1 teaspoon sugar; 1/4 teaspoon sea salt; 4 ounces butter, cold, diced; 1/2 cup ice water; 28 asparagus spears; Olive oil, to coat; 1 lemon, zested; Salt; Pepper; 8 thin slices pancetta; 6 ounces chevre; 8 eggs | INSTRUCTIONS: For the tart: Mix dry ingredients in bowl. Add butter and mix into flour until pea size. Add water gradually and knead until dough comes together. Wrap in plastic and refrigerate until well chilled. Divide into 4 pieces and roll out on floured surface. Bake for 15 to 20 minutes at 400 degrees F until lightly brown. For the grilled asparagus: In a mixing bowl, combine asparagus and olive oil. Season with salt and pepper. Add lemon zest and toss with asparagus. Grill until desired doneness. To finish: Bake pancetta at 400 degrees F until crispy. Arrange chevre on top of tart disc and top with as <END>
INPUT: unsalted butter, granulated sugar, eggs, buttermilk, mashed banana
OUTPUT: TITLE: Banana Coconut Cake | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 7 ounces unsalted butter; 1 1/2 cups granulated white sugar; 3 large eggs; 1/2 cup buttermilk; 1 1/3 cups mashed ripe banana; 1 1/3 cups sifted cake flour; 1 teaspoon baking powder; 3/4 teaspoon salt; 3/4 teaspoon baking soda; 1/2 cup finely chopped pecans; 1 can (13.5 ounces) unsweetened coconut milk*; 1 cup milk; 2/3 cup white sugar; 5 egg yolks; 1/3 cup cornstarch | INSTRUCTIONS: Cake: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees. Butter and flour two 9-inch cake pans. In the bowl of an electric mixer, beat the butter and sugar together until it is light and fluffy. Add the eggs one at a time, beating well in between each addition, and continue to beat until very light and fluffy. Add buttermilk and mashed banana and mix well. In a separate bowl, sift and dry ingredients together (flour, baking soda, salt, baking powder), then add to batter and mix at low speed on the electric mixer until moistened. Beat one minute at medium speed, then fold in pecans and pour batter evenly into th <END>
INPUT: cultivated mussels, all purpose flour, unsalted butter, good olive oil, shallots
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mussels in White Wine | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 pounds cultivated mussels; 1/3 cup all-purpose flour; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 2 tablespoons good olive oil; 1 cup chopped shallots (5 to 7 shallots); 1 1/2 tablespoons minced garlic (5 to 6 cloves); 1/2 cup chopped canned plum tomatoes, drained (4 ounces); 1/2 teaspoon good saffron threads; 1/3 cup chopped flat-leaf parsley; 1 tablespoon fresh thyme leaves; 1 cup good white wine; 2 teaspoons kosher salt; 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. To clean the mussels, put them in a large bowl with 2 quarts of water and the flour and soak for 30 minutes, or until the mussels disgorge any sand. Drain the mussels, then remove the "beard" from each with your fingers. If they're dirty, scrub the mussels with a brush under running water. Discard any mussels whose shells aren't tightly shut. In a large non-aluminum stockpot, heat the butter and olive oil over medium heat. Add the shallots and cook for 5 minutes; then add the garlic and cook for 3 more minutes, or until the shallots are translucent. Add the tomat <END>
INPUT: pears, pheasant breasts, pheasant breasts if, sugar, salt, water
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pan Roasted Breast of Pheasant with Vanilla and Pears | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 large pheasant breasts, removed from the bone with skin and wing tip attached (use; 8 pheasant breasts if small); 6 tablespoons sugar; 1/4 cup salt; 1 quart cold water; 4 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1 cup diced shallots; 1 large vanilla bean, split lengthwise in half and scraped to gather the vanilla seeds; 1/2 cup dry white wine, preferably Chardonnay; 1 cup pear cider; 1 cup heavy cream; 2 tablespoons preserved ginger, minced; Salt; Freshly ground black pepper; 2 cups dry red wine | INSTRUCTIONS: To cure the pheasant: In a large bowl combine the water, 1/4 cup each of sugar and salt, mixing to dissolve. Add the pheasant breasts, cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate overnight. To make sauces: In a large, non-stick skillet, heat 1 tablespoon of the butter over medium to medium-high heat. Add the shallots cooking until tender, about 3 minutes. Add the vanilla bean and seeds, white wine, cider, and cream. Bring to a simmer cooking until the liquids are reduced and thickened to sauce consistency, about 10 minutes. Add the ginger. Season with salt and pepper. Keep warm. In another saucepa <END>
INPUT: pandowdy, unsalted butter, Pink Lady Granny, all purpose flour, lemon zest
OUTPUT: TITLE: Apple Pandowdy | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 tablespoons unsalted butter; 4 pounds Pink Lady and/or Granny Smith apples, peeled, cored, cut into 1-inch pieces; 2/3 cup (packed) dark brown sugar; 3 tablespoons all-purpose flour; 1 teaspoon finely grated lemon zest; 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 1 tablespoon vanilla extract; 2 teaspoons ground cinnamon; 1 (1/2-inch) piece ginger, peeled, finely grated; 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt; 1 package frozen puff pastry (preferably Dufour), thawed, cut into irregular 1-inch pieces; Granulated sugar (for sprinkling); 2 pints vanilla ice cream | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 425°F. Cook butter in a small saucepan over medium, swirling often, until bubbling and golden, about 5 minutes; set aside. Toss apples, brown sugar, flour, lemon zest, lemon juice, vanilla extract, cinnamon, ginger, and salt in a large bowl. Transfer to a shallow 3-quart baking dish. Drizzle all but 2 Tbsp. brown butter over apples. Top with pieces of puff pastry, then brush pastry with remaining brown butter. Sprinkle with granulated sugar. Bake until pastry is puffed and golden around edges, 25–30 minutes. Reduce temperature to 350°F and bake until juices are thick and bubbli <END>
INPUT: scampi, rock salt, uncooked unpeeled shrimp, wine, lemon juice, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Salt-Roasted Shrimp with Scampi Dip | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 4-pound box rock salt; 16 uncooked unpeeled large shrimp; 1/3 cup dry white wine; 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 2 garlic cloves, minced; 1/2 cup (1 stick) butter, chilled, diced; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh Italian parsley | INSTRUCTIONS: Spread salt in 13x9x2-inch baking dish. Arrange shrimp in single layer atop salt. Preheat oven to 500°F. Boil wine, lemon juice, and garlic in saucepan over medium-high heat until liquid is reduced to 1 tablespoon, about 10 minutes. Remove from heat. Add a few pieces of butter; whisk until creamy. Return pan to low heat. Add a few more pieces of butter; whisk until smooth (do not let mixture boil). Continue whisking in butter, a few pieces at a time. Stir in parsley; season with salt and pepper. Let stand while shrimp cook. Roast shrimp on salt until just opaque in center and shells are pink,  <END>
INPUT: Italian, salad, hard eggs, shallots, onions, lightly basil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cucumber-Basil Egg Salad | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 6 hard-cooked eggs, diced (2 cups); 3/4 cup seeded, diced cucumbers (about 1/2 cucumber); 1/4 cup minced shallots; 1/2 cup sliced green onions (green part only); 3 tablespoons lightly packed chopped fresh basil; 1/2 cup mayonnaise; 1/4 teaspoon kosher salt; 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Gently combine the eggs, cucumbers, shallots, green onions, and basil in a medium bowl. Stir in the mayonnaise, salt, and pepper. Store in the refrigerator for up to three days. Gently combine the eggs, cucumbers, shallots, green onions, and basil in a medium bowl. Stir in the mayonnaise, salt, and pepper. Store in the refrigerator for up to three days. <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, olive oil, onion, long grain rice, chicken broth, crumbled feta cheese
OUTPUT: TITLE: Feta and Mint Rice | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1/2 small onion, chopped; 1 cup long-grain rice; 1 14 1/2-ounce can chicken broth; 1/2 cup crumbled feta cheese; 3 tablespoons minced fresh mint; Salt and freshly ground pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat oil in heavy medium saucepan over medium heat. Add onion and sauté until translucent, about 5 minutes. Add rice and stir 1 minute. Add broth. Bring to boil. Reduce heat to low, cover and cook until broth is absorbed, about 20 minutes. Fluff rice with fork. Add feta and mint and mix in with fork. Season with salt and pepper. Heat oil in heavy medium saucepan over medium heat. Add onion and sauté until translucent, about 5 minutes. Add rice and stir 1 minute. Add broth. Bring to boil. Reduce heat to low, cover and cook until broth is absorbed, about 20 minutes. Fluff rice with fork. Add fet <END>
INPUT: Mexican, refried, olive oil, onions, garlic, coriander, cumin
OUTPUT: TITLE: Refried Beans | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup olive oil; 1/2 cup diced onions; 2 tablespoons chopped garlic; 2 tablespoons ground coriander; 1 tablespoon ground cumin; 2 (16-ounce) cans drained, rinsed black beans; 1 cup water; 1/4 cup chopped cilantro with stems; Salt and pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat skillet. Add olive oil, onion, garlic, coriander, cumin, and saute until you start to smell the spices. Add beans and 1 cup of water. Let simmer for 15 minutes then start pressing the beans with a potato masher. Add cilantro, salt and pepper and allow to simmer for another 20 minutes. Add water when needed until you reach desired consistency. <END>
INPUT: dumplings, all purpose flour, Kosher salt, eggs, parsley, unsalted butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Parsley Dumplings | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 cups all-purpose flour; 2 teaspoons Kosher salt, plus more to taste; 4 large eggs; 1/4 cup chopped parsley; 3 tablespoons unsalted butter; Freshly ground black pepper, to taste | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring a large pot of water to a boil. In a large bowl, whisk together the flour and salt. In another bowl whisk together 2 cups water and eggs. Pour the liquid into the center of the flour mixture. Whisk until the smooth loose dough forms. Mix in parsley until well incorporated. Let rest for 15 minutes. Place a large colander or strainer from a pasta pot over a pot of boiling water. You do not want the colander/strainer to touch the boiling water it should be suspended a couple of inches over the water. Add half of the dough to the colander and using a rubber spatula press the dough through th <END>
INPUT: sweet pickle relish, cider vinegar, vegetable oil, garlic, bay leaves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sweet Relish Slaw Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup sweet pickle relish; 1/4 cup cider vinegar, eyeball it; 3 tablespoons vegetable oil, eyeball it; 2 large cloves garlic, crushed; 2 bay leaves, dried; 3 whole cloves; 1 pound shredded cabbage salad (slaw salad mix with carrots and red cabbage, available in produce department marked "Cole Slaw Mix" in 1 pound package; Salt and pepper; 4 scallions, sliced | INSTRUCTIONS: In the bottom of a medium, shallow bowl combine relish, vinegar, oil, garlic, bay and cloves. Let stand 5 minutes then fish out the garlic, bay and cloves. Add cabbage salad and toss, let stand 10 to 20 minutes in the refrigerator. Season salad with salt and pepper and toss in the scallions then serve. <END>
INPUT: olive oil, chicken breasts, onion, mushrooms, wine
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken with Mushrooms and Tomatoes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons olive oil; 4 chicken breasts, boneless and skinless and sliced into strips; 1/2 cup finely chopped onion; 2 cups sliced mushrooms; 1/2 cup white wine; 1 cup chopped canned tomatoes, drained; 1/4 cup heavy cream; 2 tablespoons chopped parsley | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat oil in non stick skillet over medium high heat. Season chicken strips with salt and pepper. Brown chicken in hot oil and remove to a plate. Stir in onions and cook until tender. Stir in mushrooms and cook until golden. Stir in wine and bring to simmer. Stir in tomatoes and return to a simmer. Season with salt and pepper and return chicken to pan. Cook over medium heat until sauce begins to thicken. Finish sauce with cream and parsley. Serve warm over pasta. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, spiced, winter, butternut squash, fennel bulb, onion, olive oil, cumin
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spiced Winter Squash with Fennel | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 1 1/2-pound butternut squash, peeled, halved lengthwise, seeded, halved crosswise, then cut lengthwise into 3/4-inch-wide wedges; 1 fennel bulb, trimmed, cut lengthwise into 1-inch-wide wedges; 1 large onion, root end left intact, then cut lengthwise into 1/2-inch-wide wedges; 3 tablespoons olive oil; 1 teaspoon ground cumin; 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1 teaspoon chili powder; 1/2 teaspoon turmeric | INSTRUCTIONS: Position rack in bottom third of oven and preheat to 450°F. Combine squash, fennel, and onion on heavy large rimmed baking sheet. Add oil and toss to coat. Mix all spices in small bowl to blend. Sprinkle spice mixture over vegetables and toss to coat. Sprinkle with salt and generous amount of pepper. Roast until vegetables are tender and browned, turning once, about 45 minutes. Transfer to shallow dish and serve. Position rack in bottom third of oven and preheat to 450°F. Combine squash, fennel, and onion on heavy large rimmed baking sheet. Add oil and toss to coat. Mix all spices in small bow <END>
INPUT: pork tenderloin, Salt, all purpose flour, olive oil, Yukon gold potatoes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pork and Potatoes with Orange Juice and Cola | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound pork tenderloin, cut into 1-inch cubes; Salt; 2 tablespoons all-purpose flour; 3 tablespoons olive oil; 2 large Yukon gold potatoes, cut into 1-inch cubes; 1 cup onion, cut in large dice; 2 poblano chiles, seeded and cut into large dice; 1 red bell pepper, seeded and cut into large dice; 2 cups fresh orange juice; 2 cups cola; Serving suggestion: Yellow rice and wilted fresh spinach leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: Season the pork with salt, to taste, and lightly the dust the cubes with flour. Heat the oil in a Dutch oven or a medium-size heavy pot over high heat. Add the pork and potatoes to the hot oil and saute until golden brown, about 4 minutes. Add the onion, poblano chiles, and bell pepper. Continue cooking until the onion is translucent, 3 to 5 minutes. Add the orange juice and cola. Reduce the heat to a simmer and cook until the liquid has reduced to sauce consistency, 40 to 50 minutes. (If the sauce has not reduced in this time, strain and reduce the liquid separately over high heat until thick <END>
INPUT: Italian, virgin olive oil, pepper, water, veal chops, flour
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Veal Chop with Fresh Garlic and Basil | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup and 2 teaspoons extra virgin olive oil; White pepper; 10 ounces water; 4 veal chops, 13 ounces or smaller; 3 teaspoon white flour; 15 cloves fresh garlic; 1 bunch fresh basil; Salt and pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Put 2 teaspoons of extra virgin olive on a plate; sprinkle white pepper on the extra virgin olive oil. Take the veal chop and lightly coat it on both sides with the extra virgin olive oil and white pepper mixture. Then grill or broil the veal chop to your preference. When the veal chop is cooked remove from heat. Set aside on a warm platter. Using a non stick pan heat the 1/4 cup of extra virgin olive oil add the garlic and let it brown for 3 minutes, add 8 ounces of water and 10 leaves of basil, stem and all. Add in 3 teaspoons of flour; let everything amalgamate and using a wooden spoon stir <END>
INPUT: American, unsalted butter, all purpose flour, milk, mustard, cayenne
OUTPUT: TITLE: Macaroni and Cheese | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 7 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1/4 cup plus 2 tablespoons all-purpose flour; 4 cups milk; 1 1/2 teaspoons dry mustard; 1/8 teaspoon cayenne, or to taste; 1 pound elbow macaroni; 3 cups coarsely grated extra-sharp Cheddar cheese (about 12 ounces); 1 1/3 cups freshly grated Parmesan cheese (about 4 ounces); 1 cup fresh bread crumbs | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350°F. and butter a 3- to 4-quart gratin dish or other shallow baking dish. In a heavy saucepan melt 6 tablespoons butter over moderately low heat. Add flour and cook roux, whisking, 3 minutes. Add milk in a stream, whisking, and bring to a boil, whisking. Add mustard, cayenne, and salt and pepper to taste and simmer sauce, whisking occasionally, until thickened, about 2 minutes. In a kettle of salted boiling water cook macaroni until just al dente, about 7 minutes, and drain well. In a large bowl stir together macaroni, sauce, Cheddar, and 1 cup Parmesan and transfer to prepar <END>
INPUT: French, provencal, herbs, butter, olive oil, shrimp, Salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken Breast and Shrimp with Provencal Herbs in a Creamy Pistachio Dijon Sauce | CUISINE: French | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons butter; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 8 shrimp, shells on; 4 boneless, skinless chicken breasts (8 ounces each); Salt and pepper; 1 cup dry wine; 1 cup chicken broth; 1 shallot, chopped; 2 cloves garlic, chopped; 1 cup cream; 1 1/2 teaspoons Dijon mustard; Few drops fresh lemon juice; 2 tablespoons herbes de Provence; 2 tablespoons pistachios, chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat the butter and olive oil in a large, deep saute pan or Dutch oven over high heat. Add the shrimp and saute over high heat, stirring occasionally until the shrimp turns pink, about 2 to 3 minutes. Remove from heat and set aside on a plate. Season the chicken breasts with salt and pepper on both sides, reduce the heat to medium, and then place them in the pan (there should still be some butter and oil in the pan; if not, add a little more). Cook chicken over medium heat for 3 to 4 minutes on each side. Add the wine, followed by the chicken broth, shallot, and garlic; cook for another 6 to 8 <END>
INPUT: American, skirt steak, Salt, Pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Salt-And-Pepper Steak | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 pound skirt steak, cut into 4 pieces; Salt; Pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Cut 1 1/2 pound skirt steak into 4 pieces; season with salt and pepper. Grill over medium-high heat until medium-rare, about 4 minutes per side. Let rest 5 minutes before thinly slicing against the grain. Cut 1 1/2 pound skirt steak into 4 pieces; season with salt and pepper. Grill over medium-high heat until medium-rare, about 4 minutes per side. Let rest 5 minutes before thinly slicing against the grain. <END>
INPUT: American, breasts, ham, Swiss cheese, egg, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sauteed Chicken Breasts Stuffed with Cheese and Ham | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 4 (6 to 8-ounces) skinless boneless chicken breast halves; 4 thin slices cooked ham (1/4 pound); 4 thin slices Swiss cheese (3 ounces); 1 large egg, lightly beaten; 1 teaspoon salt; 1/4 teaspoon black pepper; 3 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1/3 cup all-purpose flour; 1 pound small mushrooms, trimmed and quartered; 1 teaspoon finely chopped shallot; 1/3 cup dry white wine; 1 pound tomatoes, peeled, seeded, and diced; 1 cup heavy cream; Garnish: finely chopped fresh flat-leaf parsley | INSTRUCTIONS: To butterfly and stuff chicken breasts: If tenders are attached to undersides of breast halves, remove white tendons from tenders with a small sharp knife. Working with 1 at a time, butterfly breast halves: Lay each breast half, skinned side up, lengthwise on a cutting board. Holding a sharp knife parallel to work surface and beginning on a long side, cut breast almost in half horizontally (not all the way through), then open it like a book. Cover opened breast halves with a piece of plastic wrap and gently pound each to an even 1/2-inch thickness with a meat pounder or rolling pin. Remove pla <END>
INPUT: canola oil, colossal olives, all purpose flour, garlic powder
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fried Olives | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup canola oil; 10 large or colossal green pitted olives; 10 large or colossal black pitted olives; 3/4 cup all-purpose flour; 1/2 teaspoon garlic powder; 1 teaspoon chili powder; 2 beaten eggs; 3/4 cup bread crumbs; 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 1 pound manchego cheese, cubed; 1/2 pound serrano ham, thinly sliced | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Heat canola oil to 350 degrees F. (Drop a very small piece of bread crumb into the oil if it starts to sizzle the oil is hot enough.) Drain the olives. Mix flour, garlic powder and chili powder together and place in a shallow dish. Pour eggs into another dish, and bread crumbs with ground black pepper into a third. Roll the olives in the flour, then roll them in the beaten egg and finally roll them in the bread crumbs. Set on a plate to give the breading a chance to dry and form a crust while the oil heats. When oil is hot, put half the olives into it, being care <END>
INPUT: Italian, deep, dish, pizza dough, pepperoni, pizza sauce
OUTPUT: TITLE: Slow-Cooker Deep-Dish Pizza | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: Nonstick cooking spray, for spraying the slow cooker insert; 8 ounces prepared pizza dough (if refrigerated, let it rise in an oiled bowl for 2 hours); 8 ounces sliced (not grated) mozzarella cheese; 8 ounces thinly sliced pepperoni, preferably sandwich size; 1/2 cup store-bought pizza sauce; 1 tablespoon grated Parmesan; 6 fresh basil leaves, cut into chiffonade; Pinch crushed red pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the slow cooker on high for 20 minutes. Spray the insert with nonstick cooking spray. On a clean surface, stretch, roll and form the dough into roughly the same shape as the slow cooker insert. The goal is a nice, thin crust. Place in the cooker and spread out if necessary. Cook on high, UNCOVERED, for 1 hour without toppings. Shingle the mozzarella slices over the dough and up the sides about 1 inch above the crust. Overlap each slice, moving in a clockwise circle until the perimeter is covered. Place 1 more slice to cover the empty spot in the middle, i <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, vegetable, papa, olive oil, garlic, tomatoes, oregano
OUTPUT: TITLE: Vegetable Couscous: Papa al Couscous | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons olive oil; 5 whole garlic cloves, smashed; 2 (about 3/4 pound) zucchini, cubed; 4 medium-large tomatoes, or 8 large (about 2 pounds) plum tomatoes, cut into 1-inch pieces; 1 tablespoon minced fresh oregano, or 1 teaspoon dried oregano, crumbled; 1 teaspoon lemon pepper; 1/2 teaspoon herbes de Provence; Salt and pepper; 4 1/2 to 5 cups water; 3 chicken bouillon cubes; 2 bay leaves; 1 cup couscous; 1/2 lemon, juiced, or to taste; 1/3 cup minced fresh parsley leaves; Extra-virgin olive oil, for drizzling | INSTRUCTIONS: In a casserole set over moderate heat, warm the oil until it is hot. Add the garlic cloves and cook, stirring, until golden. Add the zucchini and cook, stirring occasionally, for 3 minutes, or until softened. Add the tomatoes, oregano, lemon pepper, herbes de Provence, and salt and pepper to taste, and cook the mixture, stirring occasionally for 5 minutes more. Add the water, bouillon cubes, bay leaves, and additional salt and pepper to taste, if desired, and simmer the mixture, stirring occasionally, for 15 minutes. Add the couscous and continue cooking, stirring occasionally, until it reache <END>
INPUT: caramel, tart, sheet puff pastry, whipping cream, sugar, water, walnuts
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pomegranate-Caramel Tart with Walnuts | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 sheet frozen puff pastry (half of 17.3-ounce package), thawed; 2/3 cup whipping cream; 3/4 cup sugar; 1/4 cup water; 2 cups coarsely chopped toasted walnuts; 2 tablespoons pomegranate molasses*; 3/4 teaspoon vanilla extract; 1/4 cup pomegranate seeds | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 375°F. Butter 9-inch-diameter tart pan with removable bottom. Roll out puff pastry sheet on lightly floured surface to 1/8-inch-thick square. Trim edges, making 10-inch round; pierce round with fork. Transfer pastry to tart pan; freeze crust while preparing filling. Bring whipping cream to simmer in small saucepan over medium-high heat; remove from heat. Stir sugar and 1/4 cup water in heavy medium saucepan over medium-low heat until sugar dissolves. Increase heat to high and boil without stirring until mixture turns deep amber color, brushing down sides of pan with wet pastry  <END>
INPUT: eggs, corn peanut oil, rice, honey sugar cured, peas baby lima
OUTPUT: TITLE: Ham and Egg Fried Rice | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 large eggs, lightly beaten; 3 1/2 to 4 tablespoons corn or peanut oil; 3 1/2 cups cold cooked rice; 2 to 3 ounces honey or sugar-cured ham (yielding 1/2 cup cubed ham); 1/2 cup fresh or frozen peas or baby lima beans; 1 to 1 1/4 teaspoons coarse kosher salt; 3 tablespoons green and white scallions Peanuts | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat a wok or a small, heavy skillet over high heat. Add 1 1/2 tablespoons oil, swirl to coat the pan. Add eggs and scramble them. As soon as there is no more freely running egg, turn them out into a bowl and break them into small bits. They should be soft and a bit runny -- not brown. Heat the wok or a large skillet and add 2 tablespoon oil to coat. Add the rice and toss briskly to coat and separate each grain, about 2 to 3 minutes. Add the ham and peas. Toss to mix in the ingredients and allow the mixture to heat through, about 30 seconds. Return the eggs to the pan and toss to combine. Seas <END>
INPUT: American, fashioned, all purpose flour, sugar, salt, solid vegetable shortening
OUTPUT: TITLE: Old-Fashioned Pecan Pie | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/3 cups all purpose flour; 1 teaspoon sugar; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 1/3 cup chilled solid vegetable shortening, cut into small pieces; 1/4 cup (1/2 stick) chilled unsalted butter, cut into small pieces; 2 tablespoons (about) ice water; 1 cup sugar; 3 large eggs; 1/2 cup light corn syrup; 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted; 2 teaspoons vanilla extract; 1 3/4 cups chopped pecans | INSTRUCTIONS: Make crust: Mix first 3 ingredients in processor. Add shortening and butter; cut in using on/off turns until mixture resembles coarse meal. Blend in enough water to form moist clumps. Gather into ball; flatten into disk. Wrap in plastic; chill 1 hour. Roll dough on floured work surface to 13-inch round. Transfer to 9-inch round cake pan with 1 1/2-inch-high sides. Trim to align with pan edges. Freeze 15 minutes. Mix first 3 ingredients in processor. Add shortening and butter; cut in using on/off turns until mixture resembles coarse meal. Blend in enough water to form moist clumps. Gather into  <END>
INPUT: unfiltered apple juice, currants, apricot jam, almonds, light sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Baked Apples | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup plus 2 tablespoons unfiltered apple juice; 2 tablespoons currants; 2 tablespoons apricot jam; 2 tablespoons toasted chopped almonds; 1 tablespoon light brown sugar; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 6 medium apples, cored 2/3 of the way down and the top 1/3 peeled; Crema, for serving (optional, recipe follows)); 2 cups heavy cream; 1/4 cup buttermilk | INSTRUCTIONS: In a small saucepan, bring 2 tablespoons of the apple juice just to a simmer and remove from the heat. Add the currants, stir, and let them sit for 10 minutes to swell. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees. In a bowl, stir together the apricot jam, almonds, and brown sugar. Add the currants with their juice and mix together well. Use this mixture to stuff the apples. Place them in a small roasting pan and place a dab of butter on the top of each. Pour the remaining 1 cup of apple juice into the pan and bake for 50 to 60 minutes, or until tender but not split or mushy. Serve hot, with a dollop of cr <END>
INPUT: stewing beef, Kosher salt pepper, all purpose flour, olive oil, stout beer
OUTPUT: TITLE: Beef Stew | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 pounds lean stewing beef (such as top round), cut into 2-inch cubes; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 5 tablespoons all-purpose flour; 3 tablespoons olive oil; One 12-ounce bottle stout beer, such as Guinness; 10 small new potatoes, cut in half; 2 medium yellow onions, quartered; 4 large carrots, cut on the diagonal into 1-inch pieces; 1 celery stalk, cut into 1-inch pieces, plus 1/2 cup leaves, roughly chopped; 4 cups low-sodium beef broth; 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened; 1 cup frozen peas; 3 scallions, sliced, optional | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Season the beef generously with salt and pepper. Sprinkle 2 tablespoons of the flour evenly over the meat. Heat the olive oil in a large heavy saucepan or Dutch oven over medium-high heat. Add the beef in a single layer without crowding the pan (work in 2 batches if necessary) and cook, turning, until browned on all sides. Remove the beef from the pan and reserve. Add the beer to the pan and use a wooden spoon to scrape up any browned bits stuck to the bottom of the pan. Bring the liquid to a boil and cook until it is reduced by half; return the beef to the pot a <END>
INPUT: mousse, burnt, pink curing salt, kosher salt, chicken livers, vegetable oil, shallots
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken Liver Mousse With Burnt Honey Gelée | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 teaspoon pink curing salt (optional); 2 teaspoons kosher salt, plus more; 8 ounces fresh chicken livers, sinews removed, patted dry; 2 tablespoons vegetable oil; 2 medium shallots, chopped; 1 garlic clove, crushed; 2 bay leaves; 1 teaspoon thyme leaves; 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground white pepper; 1/4 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1/4 teaspoon ground cloves; 1/4 cup sherry vinegar; 1/4 cup red wine; 1/4 cup brandy; 1 cup heavy cream | INSTRUCTIONS: Mousse: If using curing salt, combine with 2 tsp. kosher salt in a small bowl. Sprinkle livers with salt mixture and chill, uncovered, 1 1/2–2 hours. Rinse and pat dry with paper towels. Heat oil in a large saucepan over high. Arrange livers in a single layer in saucepan and cook until browned on both sides but still rare in the center, about 45 seconds per side. Transfer to a paper towel–lined plate. Reduce heat to medium-low and cook shallots and garlic in same saucepan, stirring often, until shallots are translucent, about 3 minutes. Add bay leaves, thyme, white pepper, cinnamon, cloves, an <END>
INPUT: easter, dark sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Easter Ham | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 (7 to 9-pound ham, rind removed (recommended: Smithfield Easy Karv); Whole cloves; 1 pound dark brown sugar; 1 (12-ounce) can cola (recommended: Coca-Cola); 1 (14-ounce) can pineapple rings, drained and juice reserved; 1 cup sweet Concord grape wine (recommended: Manishevitz); 10 to 12 maraschino cherries; Fresh bay leaves, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 325 degrees F. Using a sharp knife, score surface of ham crosswise and lengthwise, forming a crosshatch pattern about 1/4-inch deep and 1-inch apart. Place a clove in the center of each square. Place ham, fat side up, in a double-layer disposable aluminum roasting pan. Pat brown sugar onto the surface of the ham (expect some sugar to fall into the roasting pan). Transfer to oven, and bake until brown sugar just begins to melt, about 30 minutes. Remove ham from oven. Pour cola over ham, letting it mix with the melted sugar in the bottom of the pan. Baste ham with sugar mixture.  <END>
INPUT: Mexican, berry, smoothie, almond milk, blackberries blueberries, beet, mint leaves, lime juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Berry, Beet, Mint, Lime, and Chia Seed Smoothie | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 cup almond milk; 3/4 cup frozen blackberries and/or blueberries; 1/4 cup grated beet (from about 1 small); 1/4 cup mint leaves; 2 tablespoons fresh lime juice; 1 tablespoon ground chia seeds; 1 tablespoon honey; Pinch of kosher salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Using smoothie or ice crush setting, purée almond milk, blackberries, beet, mint, lime juice, chia seeds, honey, salt, and 1/2 cup ice in a blender until smooth. Using smoothie or ice crush setting, purée almond milk, blackberries, beet, mint, lime juice, chia seeds, honey, salt, and 1/2 cup ice in a blender until smooth. <END>
INPUT: puree, russet potato, broccoli florets, chicken broth, cream cheese, Parmesan
OUTPUT: TITLE: Broccoli Puree | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 large russet potato, peeled and cut into 1-inch chunks; 1 pound broccoli florets; 1/2 cup chicken broth; 4 ounces cream cheese; 1/4 cup freshly grated Parmesan; Salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Fill a large pot with enough water to come 2 inches up the sides of the pot. Set a steamer rack in the pot, cover, and bring the water to a boil over high heat. Add the potato chunks and cook until they are very tender, about 18 minutes. Transfer the potatoes to a medium bowl and mash until smooth. Place broccoli into steamer rack and steam over medium heat until the broccoli is very tender, about 12 minutes. Transfer the broccoli to the bowl of a food processor. Add the broth, cream cheese, and Parmesan. Process until the broccoli is pureed and almost smooth. St <END>
INPUT: Italian, unsalted butter, basil leaves, anise seeds, lemon juice, peppercorns
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Sirloin Steak with Anise Basil Butter | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened; 1 tablespoon minced fresh basil leaves; 1/2 teaspoon anise seeds, ground coarse with a mortar and pestle or in an electric coffee grinder; 3/4 teaspoon fresh lemon juice; 2 teaspoons black peppercorns; 1 teaspoon anise seeds; a 1-pound boneless sirloin steak (about 1 inch thick); olive oil for brushing steak; (accompaniment if desired); 2 small fennel bulbs (sometimes call anise, about 1 pound), stalks trimmed flush with bulb; olive oil for brushing fennel; 1/2 lemon | INSTRUCTIONS: To prepare the steak Prepare grill. Prepare grill. Make butter: In a small bowl stir together butter ingredients with salt and pepper to taste until well blended and juice is incorporated. Grill Steaks: In a heavy-duty sealable plastic bag or between 2 sheets of wax paper crush peppercorns and anise seeds with bottom of a heavy skillet. Pat steak dry and coat both sides with peppercorn mixture, pressing it in. Season steak with salt and brush both sides with oil. Grill steak on an oiled rack set 5 to 6 inches over glowing coals 4 to 5 minutes on each side for medium-rare meat. (Alternatively,  <END>
INPUT: American, barbecue sauce, vinegar, loosely sugar, hot sauce, Worcestershire sauce
OUTPUT: TITLE: Barbecue Meatballs | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups barbecue sauce; 2 tablespoons white vinegar; 1 tablespoon loosely packed brown sugar; 1 teaspoon hot sauce; 1 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce; One 25-count bag All-Purpose Meatballs (still frozen is fine), recipe follows; Mashed potatoes, for serving; Chopped fresh parsley, for serving; Green salad, for serving; 5 pounds ground beef; 1 1/2 cups plain breadcrumbs; 1/2 cup milk; 1/4 cup heavy cream; 1/4 cup chopped fresh flat-leaf parsley; 2 tablespoons grainy mustard | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large skillet over medium-high heat, add the barbecue sauce, vinegar, brown sugar, hot sauce and Worcestershire and bring to a boil. Add the All-Purpose Meatballs and bring to a simmer. Cover and cook until the meatballs are heated through, 8 to 10 minutes. Spoon over mashed potatoes and sprinkle with parsley. Serve with a green salad. To make the meatballs, combine the ground beef, breadcrumbs, milk, cream, parsley, mustard, salt, black pepper, red pepper flakes and eggs in a large mixing bowl. Mix together well with your hands. Scoop out 1-tablespoon portions and roll them into balls wi <END>
INPUT: soup, butter per person, onions per person, Salt, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Easy Onion Soup with Stilton | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1-ounce butter per person; 2 medium onions per person, chopped; Salt; Black pepper, freshly ground; 1/2 pint (1 cup) each beer and stock; Fresh thyme or winter savory; Stilton; Croutons | INSTRUCTIONS: In a heavy saucepan heat the butter and saute the onions slowly until golden brown. Season with salt and pepper. Add the liquid and bring to a boil. Adjust the seasoning and add thyme. Cover and simmer for 30 to 40 minutes. If you are using Stilton rind, grate it finely. Otherwise, chop the cheese. Add it half way through the cooking and stir well. Serve with croutons. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, soy sauce, olive oil, hoisin sauce, unseasoned rice vinegar, snow peas sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chinese Egg Noodles with Smoked Duck and Snow Peas | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons soy sauce; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1 tablespoon hoisin sauce*; 1 tablespoon unseasoned rice vinegar; 3 1/2 ounces snow peas or sugar snap peas, thinly sliced lengthwise (about 1 1/2 cups); 1 red bell pepper, cut into matchstick-size strips; 1 17-ounce (425-gram) package thin fresh Chinese egg noodles**; 1 pound smoked duck, turkey, or chicken, cut into 3x1/4-inch strips; 1/2 cup fresh cilantro leaves; 2 tablespoons thinly sliced green onion; 1 tablespoon thinly sliced jalapeño chile with seeds (preferably red) | INSTRUCTIONS: For dressing: Whisk soy sauce, olive oil, hoisin sauce, and rice vinegar in large bowl to blend. Let dressing stand at room temperature while preparing noodles. Whisk soy sauce, olive oil, hoisin sauce, and rice vinegar in large bowl to blend. Let dressing stand at room temperature while preparing noodles. For noodles: Place sliced snow peas and bell pepper strips in medium bowl. Bring kettle or large saucepan of water to boil. Pour boiling water over snow pea mixture and let soak 10 seconds. Drain well. Rinse mixture with cold water and drain again. Place egg noodles in large bowl. Bring kett <END>
INPUT: American, vitamix, balls, dates
OUTPUT: TITLE: Vitamix Granola Cheese Balls | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup (30 g) granola; 1/4 cup (50 g) silken tofu; 1/4 cup (60 g) cream cheese; 1/4 cup (40 g) raisins; 3 dates | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. Place granola into the Vitamix container and secure lid. 2. Select Variable 1. 3. Turn machine on and slowly increase speed to Variable 3. 4. Blend for 15 seconds. Set aside. 5. Place rest of ingredients into the Vitamix container in the order listed and secure lid. 6. Select Variable 1. 7. Turn machine on and slowly increase speed to Variable 10, then to High. 8. Blend for 15-30 seconds, using the tamper to press the ingredients into the blades. Mixture should be chunky. 9. Take cream cheese mixture and form 12 1-inch balls. Roll in the chopped granola. <END>
INPUT: French, caramel, crepe, roasted apples, lemon juice, sugar, cinnamon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Salted Caramel Apple Crepe Cake | CUISINE: French | INGREDIENTS: 2 pounds roasted apples; 3 tablespoons lemon juice; 1/4 cup sugar; 1/8 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1 cup white sugar; 4 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1 cup heavy cream; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt; 3 cups all-purpose flour; 3 tablespoons white sugar; 2 tablespoons baker¿s sugar (or superfine sugar); 3/4 teaspoon kosher salt; 4 1/2 cups whole milk; 12 large eggs | INSTRUCTIONS: For the apple-cinnamon puree: Puree the roasted apples and their juices in a food processor or blender. Combine the apple puree with the lemon juice, sugar and cinnamon in a medium pot over medium-high heat. Bring to a boil. Reduce to a simmer and cook until thickened and reduced slightly, about 30 minutes. Cool to room temperature and store in a sanitized jar for up to a month. For the salted caramel: Heat the sugar in a saucepan over medium heat, until the sugar turns golden. Stir until all of the sugar is dissolved and just starting to turn a lovely amber color. Turn heat to low, add the bu <END>
INPUT: skillet, cake, eggs, milk, unsalted butter, unbleached flour, baking powder
OUTPUT: TITLE: Apple Skillet Cake with Port and Currant Jelly | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 eggs; 1 cup whole milk; 6 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1 cup unbleached white flour; 2 teaspoons baking powder; 1/4 cup granulated sugar; 1 tablespoon orange zest; 1 teaspoon lemon zest; 6 Winesap, Macoun, Empire apples or other tart apples, about 1 3/4 pounds; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1/3 cup maple syrup; 1/4 cup Port wine; 1 tablespoon cinnamon; 1 teaspoon lemon juice; Currant jelly | INSTRUCTIONS: To make the skillet cake batter, whisk together the eggs, milk and 2 tablespoons butter, melted. Mix the flour, baking powder, sugar, and zest. Combine the flour with the liquids and allow batter to rest, refrigerated, for at least 30 minutes before cooking. Peel, core, and cut the apples into 1/2-inch thick slices. In a separate pan, melt 2 tablespoons butter, add the apple slices and saute over medium heat until they turn a rich golden color, about 5 minutes. Reduce the heat to low and carefully add the maple syrup, Port, cinnamon, and lemon juice. Cook slowly until the apples are tender at  <END>
INPUT: Asian, bean garlic sauce, garlic, soy sauce, oriental sesame oil, lime juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Asian Pork Chops and Baby Bok Choy | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1/3 cup black bean garlic sauce; 3 large garlic cloves, minced; 1 1/2 tablespoons soy sauce; 1 1/2 tablespoons oriental sesame oil; 1 tablespoon fresh lime juice; 1 tablespoon finely chopped peeled fresh ginger; 4 boneless center-cut pork chops (about 8 ounces each); 4 baby bok choy, halved lengthwise; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro; 4 lime wedges | INSTRUCTIONS: Prepare barbecue (medium-high heat). Whisk together black bean sauce, garlic, soy sauce, sesame oil, lime juice, and ginger in shallow dish. Set 2 tablespoons marinade aside. Add pork to remaining marinade; let stand 20 minutes. Remove pork from marinade; brush cut side of bok choy with reserved 2 tablespoons marinade. Grill pork until just cooked through and thermometer inserted into thickest part registers 145°F, about 5 minutes per side. Grill bok choy until softened and lightly charred, about 5 minutes total. Divide pork and bok choy among 4 plates. Sprinkle with cilantro, garnish with lim <END>
INPUT: bark, shelled salted pistachios, good chocolate, cranberries, apricots
OUTPUT: TITLE: White Chocolate Bark | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup whole shelled salted pistachios; 16 ounces good white chocolate, finely chopped; 1/4 cup dried cranberries; 1/4 cup medium-diced dried apricots | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Using a pencil, draw an 8-by-10-inch rectangle on a piece of parchment paper. Turn the parchment paper over so the pencil mark doesn't get onto the chocolate and place it on a sheet pan. Place the pistachios in one layer on another sheet pan and bake for 8 minutes. Set aside to cool. Place three quarters of the white chocolate in a heat-proof glass bowl and put it in the microwave on high for 30 seconds. (Time it with your watch for accuracy.) Stir the chocolate with a rubber spatula, return it to the microwave for another 30 se <END>
INPUT: Asian, dumplings, egg, shrimp, jicama water chestnuts, scallions, cornstarch
OUTPUT: TITLE: Steamed Shrimp Dumplings | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1 large egg white; 3/4 pound large shrimp, peeled, deveined and finely chopped; 1/3 cup finely chopped peeled jicama or water chestnuts; 2 scallions, finely chopped; 1 1/2 tablespoons cornstarch; 1 1/2 teaspoons Chinese rice wine or dry sherry; 3/4 teaspoon toasted sesame oil; Kosher salt; 1/2 teaspoon sugar; Pinch of ground white pepper; 36 round dumpling wrappers, thawed if frozen | INSTRUCTIONS: Lightly beat the egg white in a large bowl. Add the shrimp, jicama, scallions, cornstarch, rice wine, sesame oil, 3/4 teaspoon salt, the sugar and pepper. Stir well until the mixture starts to thicken, about 1 minute; cover and refrigerate until very cold, about 1 hour. Set 1 dumpling wrapper on a clean surface (keep the rest covered with a damp paper towel so they don't dry out). Stir the shrimp mixture, then scoop 1 heaping teaspoonful onto the center of the wrapper. Dab a finger in a cup of cold water and moisten the edges of the wrapper. Fold in half and press the edges together to seal; t <END>
INPUT: American, velvet, cupcakes, all purpose flour, baking soda, kosher salt, unsweetened cocoa powder, vegetable oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Red Velvet Cupcakes with Almond Cream Cheese Frosting | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 3 cups plus 3 tablespoons all-purpose flour; 1 1/4 teaspoons baking soda; 1 1/4 teaspoons kosher salt; 1/4 cup unsweetened cocoa powder (recommended: Valrhona); 1 cup vegetable oil; 1 1/4 cups buttermilk; 1 7/8 cups sugar; 3 eggs; 1 fluid ounce red food coloring; 1/2 cup plus 2 tablespoons unsweetened applesauce; 1 1/4 teaspoons apple cider vinegar; 1 1/4 teaspoons vanilla extract; Almond Cream Cheese Frosting, recipe follows; 11 1/2 tablespoons butter, at room temperature; 24 ounces cream cheese, at room temperature | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line 2 muffin pans with 24 cupcake liners. Sift together the flour, baking soda, salt, and cocoa powder in a medium bowl. In the bowl of a stand mixer with a paddle attachment, mix the vegetable oil, buttermilk, sugar, eggs, food coloring, applesauce, vinegar, and vanilla on medium speed until incorporated, about 2 minutes. Turn the mixer to medium-low speed, and add the dry ingredients a little bit at a time, making sure to scrape down the sides of the bowl if necessary. Mix until just combined. Fill the cupcake liners 3/4 of t <END>
INPUT: American, basil leaves, Kosher salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cheese-Stuffed Dates with Prosciutto | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup (2 ounces) goat cheese, at room temperature; 1/4 cup (2 ounces) mascarpone cheese, a room temperature; 1/4 cup finely chopped fresh basil leaves; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 16 pitted (12 ounces) Medjool dates; 8 thin slices prosciutto, halved lengthwise | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: 16 toothpicks or cocktail picks In a small bowl, mix together the cheeses and basil. Season with salt and pepper. Gently pull the dates apart and spoon about 1/2 teaspoon cheese mixture inside. Close the dates around the cheese filling. Wrap a piece of proscuitto around each date and secure with a toothpick. Arrange the stuffed dates on a platter and serve. <END>
INPUT: plancha, sauce, duck breast, sea salt, coriander seeds, fennel seed, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Duck a la Plancha with Blood Orange Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 duck breast; 1/2 tablespoon sea salt, plus more for sprinkling; 1 tablespoon coriander seeds; 1 tablespoon fennel seed; 1/2 tablespoon ground black pepper; Zest of 6 blood oranges; Orange liqueur, such as Grand Marnier, for brushing; 2 cups brown sugar; 2 cups red wine vinegar; 4 tablespoons minced shallots; Juice of 6 to 8 blood oranges (6 cups juice); 1 cup orange liqueur, such as Grand Marnier; 1 cup duck stock; 1 teaspoon xanthan gum | INSTRUCTIONS: For the duck: Score the fat side of the duck breast. Lightly cover the fat with some salt and refrigerate the breast overnight. Roast the coriander and fennel seed, and then crush. Mix together with the sea salt, black pepper and orange zest. Brush the duck breast with some orange liqueur, and then pack the meat side with the herb/zest mixture. Wrap and refrigerate until ready to cook. For the blood orange sauce: Combine the sugar, vinegar and shallots in a pot over medium-high heat and cook until reduced to a syrup. Add the orange liqueur to deglaze and continue cooking to reduce slightly. Ad <END>
INPUT: Indian, chutney, golden raisins, hot water, balsamic wine vinegar, nutmeg
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pork Chops with Rhubarb, Onion, and Raisin Chutney | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup golden raisins; 1/2 cup hot water; 2 tablespoons balsamic or red wine vinegar; Pinch of ground cloves; Pinch of ground nutmeg; 2 tablespoons sugar; 2 tablespoons vegetable oil; 4 3/4-inch pork chops, trimmed; Salt and freshly ground pepper; 1 medium onion, finely chopped; 1 1/2 cups diced fresh rhubarb | INSTRUCTIONS: In a bowl combine the raisins, hot water, vinegar, cloves, nutmeg, and sugar and let stand. In a large skillet heat the vegetable oil over moderately high heat. Season the pork chops with salt and pepper and cook until browned on both sides. Transfer browned chops to a shallow baking dish and place in a 300 degree F. oven for 10 minutes or until cooked through. In the drippings in the skillet cook the onion, stirring occasionally, until tender. Add the raisin mixture, bring to a boil, and stir. Add the rhubarb, do not stir in the rhubarb, cover and let simmer for 5 minutes. Stir the mixture an <END>
INPUT: Italian, pizza, active yeast, sugar, all purpose flour, wheat flour, kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Ricotta, Arugula and Grape Pizza with Pine Nuts and Lemon Oil | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: One .25-ounce package active dry yeast; 2 teaspoons sugar; 1 cup all-purpose flour, plus more for flouring the work surface; 1 cup whole-wheat flour; 1 teaspoon kosher salt; 2 tablespoons olive oil, plus more for coating the bowl; 1/2 cup ricotta cheese; 3 ounces baby arugula; 1/2 cup red grapes, sliced in half; 2 tablespoons pine nuts; Lemon oil, for drizzling | INSTRUCTIONS: For the dough: In a small bowl, combine the yeast with the sugar and 3/4 cup warm water. Let sit for 10 minutes until it begins to foam. In a large bowl, combine the all-purpose flour, whole-wheat flour and salt and make a well in the center. Add the yeast mixture and olive oil. Using a fork, incorporate the wet ingredients with the dry ingredients until a dough forms. On a lightly floured surface, continue to work and then knead the dough until it is smooth and elastic, about 8 minutes. Lightly coat a clean bowl with additional olive oil and add the dough, turning once to coat the dough in th <END>
INPUT: Mexican, soup, cranberry pinto beans, Spanish chorizo, garlic, carrot, celery
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spanish Chorizo, Kale and Cranberry Bean Soup | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups dried cranberry or pinto beans, picked through; 8 ounces Spanish chorizo, cut into1/4-inch-thick slices; 4 cloves garlic, coarsely chopped; 1 large carrot, peeled and finely chopped; 1 stalk celery, finely chopped; 1 large Spanish onion, finely chopped; 1/2 bunch kale (about 8 ounces), stems removed, leaves coarsely chopped; 8 cups chicken stock; 1 cup dry white wine; Kosher salt; Olive oil, for drizzling | INSTRUCTIONS: Put the beans in a pot and cover with 4 cups water. Cover and set aside at room temperature to soak overnight. Drain. Heat a large saucepan over medium-high heat. Add the chorizo and cook until lightly golden brown and the fat has rendered, about 5 minutes. Transfer the chorizo to a paper towel-lined plate with a slotted spoon and pour out all but 2 tablespoons of the rendered fat. (The amount of fat will vary depending on the chorizo that is used. If your chorizo does not render at least 2 tablespoons fat, add some olive oil.) Add the garlic, carrot, celery and onion to the fat in the pan and <END>
INPUT: American, sandwich, crumbled Stilton cheese, mayonnaise, horseradish, roast beef
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Roast Beef and Stilton Sandwich | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup crumbled Stilton cheese; 2 tablespoons mayonnaise; 1 tablespoon prepared horseradish; 8 (3 by 5-inch) sourdough bread slices; 1 pound thinly sliced roast beef; 1/2 red onion, thinly sliced; 1 bunch arugula, stems trimmed; Salt and pepper, to taste; 2 tablespoons (1/4 stick) butter | INSTRUCTIONS: Mash first 3 ingredients in a small bowl until almost smooth. Place bread on work surface and surface and spread mixture on 1 side of each slice. Top each of 4 bread slices with 1/4 of beef, then onion and arugula. Season with salt and pepper. Top with remaining bread, cheese side down. Melt butter in heavy large skillet over medium-high heat. Add sandwiches and cook until golden, about 2 minutes per side. Serve hot.; <END>
INPUT: vinaigrette, olive oil, lemon juice, Champagne vinegar, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Parsley Vinaigrette | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups (packed) flat-leaf parsley (leaves and stems); 1/2 cup olive oil; 3 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 1/2 tablespoon Champagne vinegar; 1 garlic clove, crushed; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Pulse parsley, oil, lemon juice, vinegar, and garlic in a food processor until well blended. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Pulse parsley, oil, lemon juice, vinegar, and garlic in a food processor until well blended. Season to taste with salt and pepper. <END>
INPUT: Italian, forno, radiatore pasta, olive oil, chicken Italian sausage, rapini, cremini mushrooms
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pasta al Forno with Chicken Sausage and Rapini | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 12 ounces radiatore pasta; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1 pound chicken Italian sausage, removed from casing; 4 cups packed sliced rapini (broccoli rabe) greens; 8 ounces cremini mushrooms, sliced; 2 cloves garlic, minced; 4 tablespoons unsalted butter; 3 tablespoons all-purpose flour; 3 cups whole milk; 1/2 cup freshly grated Pecorino Romano, plus more if needed; 1/8 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 8 ounces fresh mozzarella, sliced 1/8 inch thick; 1/4 cup oil-packed sun-dried tomatoes, julienned; Chopped fresh basil, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring a large pot of water to a boil. Add the pasta, bring back to a boil and cook until very very al dente, 6 to 7 minutes. Drain and set aside. Heat a large (12- to 14-inch) nonstick skillet over medium-high heat. Add the olive oil and sausage, breaking up the sausage with a wooden spoon into smaller chunks. Cook, without moving the sausage, until golden brown on the bottom but still pink on the top, 5 to 6 minutes. Add the rapini and mushrooms, toss together and cook until the mushrooms are slightly brown and the rapini has wilted, another 5 to 6 minutes. Add the garlic and cook for another <END>
INPUT: American, crumbled cheese, chives, pepper flakes, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Blue Cheese and Chive Butter | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 sticks (1 cup) salted butter, softened; 1/2 cup crumbled blue cheese; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh chives; 1/2 teaspoon red pepper flakes; Pinch ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Put the softened butter in the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with a paddle attachment. Whip the butter until it's fluffy. Add the blue cheese, chopped chives, red pepper flakes and ground pepper. Mix until totally combined, scraping the sides as needed. Lay out a long piece of plastic wrap on top of a piece of aluminum foil and scoop the butter mixture in a long strip down the middle of it. Carefully pull one side of the plastic wrap and foil over the butter, squeezing it gently to form it into a log. Continue to roll the log of butter into a roll. When it's all rolled up, twist the ends (like  <END>
INPUT: iced, coffee, Half half, condensed milk
OUTPUT: TITLE: Perfect Iced Coffee | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound ground coffee (a good, rich roast); Half-and-half (healthy splash per serving); Sweetened condensed milk (2 to 3 tablespoons per serving) | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook's Note: Can use skim milk, 2-percent milk, whole milk, sugar, artificial sweeteners, syrups...adapt to your liking! In a large container, mix the ground coffee with 8 quarts water. Cover and allow to sit at room temperature for eight hours or overnight. Line a fine mesh strainer with cheesecloth and set over a pitcher or other container. Pour the coffee/water mixture through the strainer, allowing all the liquid to run through. Discard the grounds. Place the coffee liquid in the fridge and allow to cool. Use as needed. To make iced coffee, pack a glass full of ice cubes. Fill the glass tw <END>
INPUT: American, banana, very hot brewed, sugar, unsweetened Dutch processed, light corn syrup, semisweet chocolate
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate Banana Ice Cream Pie | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup very hot brewed coffee; 1/2 cup sugar; 3/4 cup unsweetened Dutch-processed cocoa; 1/2 cup light corn syrup; 4 ounces semisweet chocolate, chopped; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1 vanilla bean; 1 1/2 cups milk; 1 1/2 cups heavy cream; 1 cup lightly packed light brown sugar, divided; 7 large eggs yolks; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; 6 tablespoons (3/4 stick) unsalted butter, melted; 30 chocolate wafers (enough to make 1 1/2 cups crumbs); 4 ounces semisweet chocolate | INSTRUCTIONS: Chocolate Fudge Sauce: In a medium bowl, whisk together the coffee, sugar and cocoa. Whisk in the corn syrup until all the sugar crystals are dissolved and the mixture is completely smooth. Place the chocolate and butter in a large, dry bowl or in the top of a double boiler set over barely simmering water. When the chocolate has melted, whisk in the coffee-cocoa mixture until smooth and blended. The sauce is best if left to ripen for a full day before serving. Store in a sealed container. This sauce will keep for 3 weeks in the refrigerator or 3 months in the freezer. Vanilla Ice Cream: Split  <END>
INPUT: cheesy, toast, bacon, leek, Kosher salt pepper, milk, unsalted butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cheesy Bacon and Leek Toast | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 slices bacon, chopped; 1 leek (white and light green parts only), sliced and well rinsed; Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper; 1/2 cup milk; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature; 1 teaspoon mustard powder; 2 cups grated extra-sharp cheddar cheese (about 8 ounces); 2 large egg yolks; 1 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce; 6 thick slices sourdough or other crusty bread; 1 bunch watercress, trimmed; 2 teaspoons red wine vinegar | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook the bacon in a medium nonstick skillet over medium-high heat, stirring occasionally, until crisp, 6 to 8 minutes. Set aside 1 1/2 teaspoons of the drippings. Add the leek to the skillet with the bacon and cook until softened, 3 minutes. Season with salt and pepper and set aside. Combine the milk, 1 tablespoon butter and the mustard powder in a medium saucepan over medium heat and stir until the butter melts. Gradually add the cheese; whisk until melted and smooth but do not boil. (The sauce may look separated.) Add the egg yolks and cook, whisking, until slightly thickened, 3 to 5 minutes <END>
INPUT: Mexican, sausage, patties, boned skinned turkey, high quality pork, wine, jalapeno chiles
OUTPUT: TITLE: Turkey-Cilantro Sausage Patties | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 pounds boned and skinned turkey thigh meat, cut into 1-inch chunks; 1/2 pound boned and skinned turkey breast, cut into 1-inch chunks; 1 pound high-quality pork fatback, cut into 1-inch chunks; 1/4 cup white wine; 2 jalapeno chiles, stemmed, seeded, and minced; 2 teaspoons ground dried chipotle chile, or 1/2 chile en adobo, rinced and finely chopped; 1/2 bunch cilantro, leaves only, finely chopped; 1 1/2 tablespoons sea salt; 2 tablespoons freshly ground black pepper; 2 teaspoons canola oil | INSTRUCTIONS: On a plastic tray covered with plastic wrap, freeze the turkey and fatback for 30 minutes to firm. In an electric standing mixer with the food grinder attachment, or in a food processor, grind the meat and fatback together in short bursts. It should be chopped rather than pulverized, and should remain somewhat chunky. In a large mixing bowl, combine the ground meats with the wine, chiles, cilantro, salt, and pepper. Wash your hands thoroughly and mix together by hand until all the ingredients are well blended, but don't overmix or the meat will become warm and mushy. Refrigerate for 2 hours, c <END>
INPUT: bars, Calimyrna figs, water, lemon zest, vanilla extract, cinnamon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fig Bars | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound dried Calimyrna figs; 2 cups water; 1/2 teaspoon grated lemon zest; 2 teaspoons vanilla extract; 1/2 teaspoon cinnamon; 1/2 teaspoon ground nutmeg; 2 1/2 cups unbleached all-purpose flour; 1 1/2 cups teaspoons baking powder; 1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/2 cup (1 stick) unsalted butter, softened; 1 cup sugar; 2 large eggs | INSTRUCTIONS: Using kitchen scissors, trim stems from the figs and discard. Cut the figs in half. In a saucepan combine the figs, water and lemon zest and bring to a boil. Lower the heat and simmer the figs, uncovered, until the water is absorbed and figs are tender, about 25 minutes. In a food processor puree the figs until smooth. Add the vanilla extract, cinnamon, and nutmeg and pulse to combine. Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Sift together the flour, baking powder, cinnamon, and salt. Using an electric mixer cream together the butter and sugar until light and fluffy. Add the eggs, one at a time, beating <END>
INPUT: sable, espresso, boiling water, fine sea salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Espresso Chocolate Sablés | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 tablespoons instant espresso; 1 tablespoon boiling water; 2 sticks (8 ounces; 226 grams) unsalted butter, cut into chunks, at room temperature; 2/3 cup (80 grams) confectioners’ sugar; 1/2 teaspoon fine sea salt; Pinch ground cinnamon (optional); 3/4 teaspoon pure vanilla extract; 2 cups (272 grams) all-purpose flour; 4 ounces (113 grams) bittersweet chocolate, finely chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: Dissolve the espresso in the boiling water. Set the extract aside to cool to lukewarm or room temperature. Working with a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, or in a large bowl with a hand mixer, beat the butter, sugar, salt and cinnamon, if you’re using it, together on medium speed for about 3 minutes, scraping down the bowl as needed, until well blended. Mix in the vanilla and espresso extract on low speed. Turn off the mixer, add the flour all at once and pulse to begin incorporating it, then mix on low speed until the flour almost disappears into the dough. Scrape down the bowl, <END>
INPUT: Asian, soup, block silken tofu, dashi, dark miso, light miso, scallions
OUTPUT: TITLE: Miso Soup | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 12-ounce block firm silken tofu; 2 quarts dashi; 6 tablespoons dark or red miso; 2 tablespoons light or white miso; 4 scallions, thinly sliced | INSTRUCTIONS: Wrap the block of tofu in 2 layers of paper towels and lay on a plate. Invert a second plate on top of the tofu and weigh down with a 28-ounce can. Leave for 20 minutes then cut the tofu into 1/4 to 1/2-inch cubes. Heat the dashi in a 4-quart saucepan over medium-high heat. When the dashi reaches 100 degrees F on an instant-read thermometer, ladle 1 cup into a small bowl. Add the miso, and whisk until smooth. Bring the remaining dashi to a bare simmer, approximately 10 minutes. Add the miso mixture and whisk to combine. Return to a slight simmer, being careful not to boil the mixture. Add the  <END>
INPUT: Italian, risotto, cakes, vegetable oil, garlic, mushrooms, kosher salt, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mushroom and Thyme Risotto Cakes with Roasted Tomato and Arugula Salad | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 cup plus 3 tablespoons vegetable oil; 3 large cloves garlic, minced; 12 ounces white mushrooms, thinly sliced; 1 1/4 teaspoons kosher salt; 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 6 cups chicken stock or low-sodium chicken broth; 1 medium Spanish onion, finely diced; 1 1/4 cups arborio rice (12 ounces); 1/2 cup dry white wine; 1/4 cup fresh thyme leaves; 1 cup plus 2 tablespoons all-purpose flour; 3 eggs, lightly beaten; 1 1/2 cups plain bread crumbs; Accompaniment: Roasted Tomato and Arugula Salad | INSTRUCTIONS: In large heavy sauté pan over moderate heat, heat 3 tablespoons oil until hot but not smoking. Add 1/2 of garlic and sauté until softened, about 2 minutes. Add mushrooms, 1/2 teaspoon salt, and 1/4 teaspoon pepper and sauté until mushrooms begin to give off liquid, about 5 minutes. Transfer to colander and let drain until ready to use. In medium saucepan over low heat, bring stock to simmer. Cover and keep simmering. In large heavy pot over moderate heat, heat 1/4 cup oil until hot but not smoking. Add onion and remaining garlic and sauté until softened, about 4 minutes. Add rice and sauté 4 m <END>
INPUT: Mexican, peruvian, soy sauce, lime juice, garlic, cumin, paprika
OUTPUT: TITLE: Peruvian Grilled Chicken | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1/3 cup soy sauce; 2 tablespoons fresh lime juice; 5 garlic cloves; 2 teaspoons ground cumin; 1 teaspoon paprika; 1/2 teaspoon dried oregano; 1 tablespoon vegetable oil; 1 whole chicken (about 3 1/2 pounds), quartered; Accompaniment: lime wedges | INSTRUCTIONS: Marinate chicken: Blend soy sauce, lime juice, garlic, cumin, paprika, oregano, 1/2 teaspoon pepper, and oil in a blender. Put chicken in a large sealable bag and add marinade. Seal bag and marinate, chilled, 8 to 24 hours. Blend soy sauce, lime juice, garlic, cumin, paprika, oregano, 1/2 teaspoon pepper, and oil in a blender. Put chicken in a large sealable bag and add marinade. Seal bag and marinate, chilled, 8 to 24 hours. Grill chicken: If using a charcoal grill, open vents on bottom and lid of grill. Light a large chimney starter full of charcoal (preferably hardwood). When coals are lit, <END>
INPUT: baby tricolor creamer, virgin olive oil, rosemary, Kosher salt, Four chicken breasts
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Rosemary Chicken with Potatoes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 pounds small baby red or tricolor creamer potatoes, quartered; 1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil; 1 1/2 teaspoons finely chopped fresh rosemary; Kosher salt; Four 6- to 8-ounce halved bone-in chicken breasts with skin; Freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Position an oven rack in the top of the oven and preheat to 450 degrees F. Line the bottom of a roasting pan with parchment paper. Put the potatoes in a large bowl, sprinkle with 2 teaspoons of the oil, the rosemary and 1/4 teaspoon salt and toss to combine. Arrange the potatoes in a single layer in the pan and roast until the potatoes just begin to soften slightly, stirring as needed, 25 to 30 minutes. Meanwhile, sprinkle the chicken breasts with 1/2 teaspoon salt and 3/4 teaspoon pepper. Heat the remaining 1 teaspoon of oil in a large nonstick skillet over medium-high heat. Cook the chicken  <END>
INPUT: Kosher salt pepper, buttermilk, curry powder, cayenne pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spicy Fried Chicken Drumettes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 12 (11/4 pounds) chicken drumettes; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 cup buttermilk; 2 tablespoons curry powder; 1 1/2 teaspoons cayenne pepper; 1/2 cup all-purpose flour; 1/2 cup plain bread crumbs; 2 teaspoons smoked paprika; 2 teaspoons kosher salt; 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; Vegetable oil, for frying; Kosher salt, for seasoning | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Chicken: Season the chicken on all sides with salt and pepper, to taste, and put in a 1-gallon size resealable plastic bag. In a small bowl, whisk together the buttermilk, curry powder and cayenne pepper until smooth. Pour the buttermilk mixture over the chicken and seal the bag. Refrigerate for 3 hours. Breading: In a medium bowl, mix together the flour, bread crumbs, paprika, salt, and pepper. In a large heavy-bottomed saucepan, pour in enough oil to fill the pan about 1/3 of the way. Heat over medium heat until a deep-frying thermometer inserted in the oil rea <END>
INPUT: garlic, virgin olive oil, Kosher salt, balsamic vinegar, Dijon mustard
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Portobello Mushrooms with Balsamic | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 cloves garlic, unpeeled; 1 cup extra-virgin olive oil; Kosher salt; 1/3 cup balsamic vinegar; 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard; 4 large portobello mushrooms, wiped of any dirt, washed and quickly dried, if necessary | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the grill. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. In a small bowl, toss the garlic cloves with 2 tablespoons of the olive oil and some salt. Wrap the garlic cloves in tinfoil and place on the tray in the center of the oven. Cook until tender when pierced with the tip of a knife, 20 to 25 minutes. In a medium bowl, whisk together the balsamic with 3/4 cup of the olive oil and the mustard. In a medium bowl, toss the mushrooms in the remaining 2 tablespoons olive oil. Season with salt. Place them, stem-side up, on the hottest part of the grill. Cook for 3 to 4 m <END>
INPUT: almonds, bell peppers, olive oil, haricots verts
OUTPUT: TITLE: Haricots Verts and Red Peppers with Almonds | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup sliced almonds; 7 red bell peppers (about 3 1/2 pounds); 2 tablespoons olive oil; 2 1/2 pounds haricots verts (French thin green beans) or regular green beans | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350°F. In a baking pan toast almonds in one layer in middle of oven 10 to 15 minutes, or until lightly colored. Cut bell peppers into 2-inch-long strips. In a 12-inch heavy skillet heat 1 tablespoon oil over moderate heat until hot but not smoking and cook half of peppers, stirring frequently, until crisp-tender, about 12 minutes. Transfer cooked peppers to a serving bowl. Cook remaining peppers in remaining tablespoon oil in same manner and transfer to bowl. In a 4-quart kettle half filled with boiling salted water cook beans until crisp-tender, about 3 minutes for haricots ve <END>
INPUT: wilted, mixed tender baby, wine vinegar, salt, virgin olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Wilted Mixed Greens | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 pound mixed tender or baby greens such as young chard, kale, mustard greens, spinach, beet greens, dandelion, and arugula, coarse stems discarde; 2 tablespoons red-wine vinegar; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook greens in a 6- to 8-quart pot of , uncovered, until wilted and tender, about 3 minutes. Drain greens in a colander, then immediately plunge into a large bowl of very cold water to stop cooking. Once cooled, drain in colander, tossing occasionally, 1 hour. Just before serving, whisk together vinegar, salt, and oil in a bowl until combined well. Add greens and toss to coat. Cook greens in a 6- to 8-quart pot of , uncovered, until wilted and tender, about 3 minutes. Drain greens in a colander, then immediately plunge into a large bowl of very cold water to stop cooking. Once cooled, drain in <END>
INPUT: sauce, half raspberries, sugar, seedless raspberry jam, framboise liqueur
OUTPUT: TITLE: Raspberry Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 half-pint fresh raspberries; 1/2 cup sugar; 1 cup seedless raspberry jam (12 ounces); 1 tablespoon framboise liqueur | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine the raspberries, sugar, and 1/4 cup water in a small saucepan. Bring to a boil, lower the heat, and simmer for 4 minutes. Pour the cooked raspberries, jam, and framboise into the bowl of a food processor fitted with the steel blade and process until very smooth. Chill. <END>
INPUT: garlic, olive oil, sweet corn
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Corn with Roasted Garlic Butter | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 large heads of garlic; 4 tablespoons olive oil; 10 tablespoons (1 1/4 sticks) butter, room temperature; 6 large ears sweet corn, husks removed | INSTRUCTIONS: Position rack in center of oven and preheat to 350°F. Cut off and discard top quarter of each garlic head. Place garlic in small baking dish. Drizzle with 2 tablespoons oil. Cover dish with foil and bake until garlic is tender, about 1 hour 10 minutes. Cool garlic slightly. Squeeze garlic out of papery skins, letting garlic fall into small bowl. Mash with fork. Stir in butter. Season to taste with salt and pepper. (Roasted garlic butter can be made 2 days ahead. Cover and keep refrigerated. Bring to room temperature before using.) Prepare barbecue (medium heat). Brush corn lightly all over wit <END>
INPUT: galette, all purpose flour, unsalted butter, salt, ice water, onions
OUTPUT: TITLE: Onion Anchovy Galette | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/4 cups all-purpose flour; 1 stick cold unsalted butter, cut into 1/2-inch cubes; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 3 to 5 tablespoons ice water; 2 large onions (2 pounds total), sliced; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 5 to 6 anchovy fillets; 1 garlic clove; 2 tablespoons tomato paste; 1/2 teaspoon dried thyme, crumbled | INSTRUCTIONS: Make dough: Blend together flour, butter, and salt in a bowl with your fingertips or a pastry blender (or pulse in a food processor) just until most of mixture resembles coarse meal with some roughly pea-size butter lumps. Drizzle 3 tablespoons ice water evenly over mixture and gently stir with a fork (or pulse in processor) until incorporated. Squeeze a small handful: If it doesn't hold together, add more ice water, 1/2 tablespoon at a time, stirring (or pulsing) until incorporated, then test again. (Do not overwork mixture or pastry will be tough.) Turn out mixture onto a lightly floured sur <END>
INPUT: American, steak, canola oil, onion, bell pepper, garlic, smoked turkey
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cheese Steak | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons canola oil; 1 large yellow onion, thinly sliced; 1 large green bell pepper, thinly sliced; 2 cloves garlic, crushed; 3/4 pound thinly sliced smoked turkey, shredded; 1 tablespoon seasoning salt; 2 teaspoons Worcestershire sauce; 2 ounces light processed American brick cheese, chopped into small cubes (recommended: Velveeta Light); 2 (6-inch) Italian sandwich rolls; 4 slices light provolone | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the broiler. Heat a medium heavy nonstick pan with the canola oil over medium heat. Add the onions and bell peppers and saute until well caramelized, about 2 minutes. Add the garlic and stir until just mixed. Push the onion mixture to 1 side of the pan. On the other side of the pan, place the thinly sliced smoked turkey. Stir until warm. Combine the onion mixture with the turkey. Mix in the seasoning salt and Worcestershire sauce. Add the processed cheese and stir until melted. Cut the sandwich rolls in half and dig out the insides of the rolls without puncturing the crust. Toss out ex <END>
INPUT: veggie, pancakes, all purpose flour, baking powder, kosher salt, baking soda, plain yogurt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate-Chocolate Veggie Pancakes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup all-purpose flour; 1 teaspoon baking powder; 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt; 1/4 teaspoon baking soda; 6 ounces plain yogurt; 1/2 cup peeled, roughly chopped carrots, or baby-cut carrots; 1/2 cup whole oats; 1/2 cup fresh spinach leaves; 1/4 cup unsweetened cocoa, such as Dutch process; 1/4 cup milk, plus 1/4 cup as needed; 3 tablespoons honey; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; 1 apple, peeled and roughly chopped; 2 eggs; 1/3 cup mini chocolate chips | INSTRUCTIONS: Whisk the flour, baking powder, salt and baking soda in a medium bowl. Set aside. Place the yogurt, carrots, oats, spinach, cocoa, 1/4 cup milk, honey, vanilla and apples into a high quality blender. Blend on high until the mixture is very smooth like the consistency of melted ice cream, about 1 minute. If the mixture is too thick, add an additional 1/4 cup milk and blend. Add the eggs and pulse to incorporate. Pour the blended mixture into the bowl with the flour mixture and stir gently 6 or 7 times with a wooden spoon. Add the chocolate chips and stir a couple more times. Do not over mix. He <END>
INPUT: wild, berry, all purpose flour, sugar, Kosher salt, Zest lemon, vanilla bean
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mascarpone and Wild Berry Tart | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 1/2 cups all-purpose flour, plus more for dusting; 1/2 cup sugar; Kosher salt; Zest of 1 lemon; 1 vanilla bean; 2 sticks (1/2 pound) unsalted butter, cut into 1/2-inch pieces and chilled, plus more for greasing the tart pan; 3 large organic egg yolks; 1/4 cup grappa (or rum or water); 8 ounces mascarpone; 1/2 cup heavy cream; 3 tablespoons grappa (or rum or water); 3 tablespoons sugar; 1 vanilla bean, seeded; 1 pint raspberries; 1 pint blackberries | INSTRUCTIONS: For the crust: In a stand mixer, add the flour, sugar, pinch of salt and lemon zest. Mix together for about 30 seconds. With a sharp knife, open the vanilla bean, remove the seeds and add them to the other ingredients in the mixer. With the mixer on a medium speed, add the cold butter and mix until it looks like coarse crumbs. In a small bowl, beat together the yolks and grappa and add it to the mixture. Keep the machine running on medium speed. The dough will come together (it only takes a few seconds) and as soon as it starts leaving the sides of the bowl, turn off the machine, and by hand o <END>
INPUT: American, butterscotch, butter, light sugar, light corn syrup, salt, heavy cream
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate Chip Butterscotch Pie | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons butter; 1/2 cup light brown sugar; 1/4 cup light corn syrup; Pinch salt; 1/4 cup heavy cream; 8 ounces mascarpone cheese; 1 1/2 cups heavy cream; 1/2 cup sugar; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; Pinch salt; 1/2 cup mini-chocolate chips; 1 (6-ounce) pre-made chocolate cookie pie crust (recommended: Oreo or Keebler) | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. For the butterscotch sauce: melt the butter in a sauce pot over medium-high heat. Add the brown sugar, corn syrup, and salt. Bring to a simmer and stir until golden amber in color, about 10 to 15 minutes. Remove from heat and slowly stir in the cream. Remove from the heat and set aside to cool. For the filling: add the mascarpone cheese and the heavy cream to a large bowl and whish until combined. Add the sugar, vanilla, and salt. Whisk until soft peaks form, then fold in the chocolate chips. Pour the filling into the crust, smoothing out the pie surface. Refrige <END>
INPUT: Mexican, chill, spanish, Salt, tomatoes, Two stale peasant, celery leafy tops, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chill Out, Spanish Style: Yellow Tomato Gazpacho, Toasted Almond Breadcrumbs, Tuna Salad Stuffed Piq | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: Salt; 8 ripe yellow tomatoes; Two 1/2-inch-thick slices stale white or peasant bread, crusts trimmed; 2 ribs celery with leafy tops, coarsely chopped; 1 to 2 cloves garlic, grated or made into a paste; 1 small red onion, grated on the large holes of a box grater; 1 serrano chile pepper, seeded and chopped; 1/2 seedless cucumber, peeled and chopped; Small handful fresh cilantro; Juice of 1 lime; EVOO (1 to 1 1/2 tablespoons); Freshly ground pepper; 3 cups torn stale white or peasant bread; A couple handfuls salted oil-roasted Marcona almonds; Two 6 to 7-ounce tins or jars good-quality sustainable tuna | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. For the gazpacho: Fill a large bowl with ice water. Bring a pot of water to a boil and season with salt. Cut an X in the bottom of each tomato, then drop into the boiling water and cook for 30 seconds. Transfer the tomatoes to the ice bath to cool for 30 seconds, then peel, seed and chop the tomatoes. Place half the tomatoes, bread, celery, garlic, onion, chile pepper, cucumber, cilantro, lime juice and EVOO in a blender or food processor. Season with salt and pepper. Puree until smooth, adding a splash of bottled water if needed to thin the soup. Pour the so <END>
INPUT: salad, dressing, well shaken buttermilk, mayonnaise, cider vinegar, shallot, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Napa Cabbage Salad with Buttermilk Dressing | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup well-shaken buttermilk; 2 tablespoons mayonnaise; 2 tablespoons cider vinegar; 2 tablespoons minced shallot; 1 tablespoon sugar; 3 tablespoons finely chopped chives; 1 pound Napa cabbage, cored and thinly sliced crosswise (4 cups); 6 radishes, diced; 2 celery ribs, thinly sliced diagonally | INSTRUCTIONS: Whisk together buttermilk, mayonnaise, vinegar, shallot, sugar, 1/2 teaspoon salt, and 1/4 teaspoon pepper in a large bowl until sugar has dissolved, then whisk in chives. Toss cabbage, radishes, and celery with dressing. Whisk together buttermilk, mayonnaise, vinegar, shallot, sugar, 1/2 teaspoon salt, and 1/4 teaspoon pepper in a large bowl until sugar has dissolved, then whisk in chives. Toss cabbage, radishes, and celery with dressing. <END>
INPUT: American, unbleached all purpose, fine grind grain, salt, solid vegetable shortening
OUTPUT: TITLE: Corn and Bacon Pie | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup unbleached all purpose flour; 3/4 cup fine-grind whole grain cornmeal; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/4 cup (1/2 stick) chilled unsalted butter, cut into 1/2-inch cubes; 3 tablespoons chilled solid vegetable shortening (preferably with no trans fats), diced; 3 to 4 tablespoons ice water; Nonstick vegetable oil spray; 1/2 pound bacon, coarsely chopped; 1 1/2 cups chopped sweet onion (such as Vidalia or Maui); 1 cup chopped red bell pepper; 1 12-ounce package frozen corn kernels (2 1/2 cups), thawed, patted dry; 1 1/2 cups half and half; 3 large eggs; 1 teaspoon dried thyme; 1/2 teaspoon salt | INSTRUCTIONS: For crust: Whisk first 3 ingredients in large bowl. Using back of fork, cut in butter and shortening until mixture resembles coarse meal. Add 3 tablespoons ice water. Toss until dough comes together in moist clumps, adding more water by teaspoonfuls if dough is dry. Shape dough into disk. Wrap; chill at least 30 minutes. Preheat oven to 400°F. Spray 9-inch-diameter glass pie dish with nonstick spray. Place large piece of parchment paper on work surface. Place dough in center; cover with second sheet of parchment. Roll out dough to 12-inch round. Peel off top parchment. Using bottom parchment a <END>
INPUT: patate, potatoes, virgin olive oil, chili flakes, peppers, Sea salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Zucchini e Patate | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 potatoes, quartered; 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1/2 teaspoon crushed chili flakes; 3 green peppers, sliced; Sea salt; 2 tablespoons brown sugar; Freshly cracked black pepper; 3 onions, sliced into 1/2-inch rounds; 2 cans San Marzano tomatoes, hand crushed; 3 zucchinis, sliced; Crusty bread, for serving | INSTRUCTIONS: Boil the potatoes in a pot of salted water until fork tender, about 15 minutes. Drain and set aside. Heat a soup pot over medium heat. Add the olive oil, chili flakes, onions, green peppers and some sea salt. Saute for 10 minutes, and then add the brown sugar, some black pepper and the tomatoes. Let simmer for 20 minutes. Add the cooked potatoes and the zucchinis and cook until tender, 10 to 15 minutes. Ladle the stew into a big bowl and serve with crusty bread. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, salsa, onion, peaches, lime juice, olive oil, cilantro leaves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Pork Chops with Peach Salsa | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 red onion, diced (reserve the other half for Online Round 2 Recipe Orzo Soup with Pork); 2 peaches, halved, pitted and diced; 1 tablespoon lime juice; 1 teaspoon olive oil; 1 tablespoon chopped cilantro leaves; Pinch kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 5 pork chops, end cut; 2 tablespoons canola oil; 2 tablespoons chili powder; 1 tablespoon salt; 1 tablespoon freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Salsa: In a bowl toss all of the salsa ingredients together and set aside. Pork chops: Heat an outdoor grill or grill pan over medium-high heat. Brush the pork chops with the oil. In a small bowl combine the chili powder, salt and pepper. Generously sprinkle the rub over both sides of each pork chop. Grill the chops until cooked through, about 4 to 6 minutes per side. (Set 1 chop aside for Online Round 2 Recipe, Orzo Soup with Pork.) Arrange the chops on a serving platter and let rest 5 minutes before serving. Serve the chops with the peach salsa. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, diablo, lime, tequila, jalapeños
OUTPUT: TITLE: Diablo Tequila 'n' Tonic | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 lime; 2 cups white tequila; 2 to 3 jalapeños, halved lengthwise seeded; 6 cups (1 1/2 quarts) tonic water | INSTRUCTIONS: Using peeler, remove peel from lime (green part only) in strips. Combine peel, tequila and jalapeños in glass jar with tight-fitting lid. Chill overnight. Fill 8 tall glasses with ice cubes. Pour 3 tablespoons tequila and 3/4 cup tonic water into each. Using peeler, remove peel from lime (green part only) in strips. Combine peel, tequila and jalapeños in glass jar with tight-fitting lid. Chill overnight. Fill 8 tall glasses with ice cubes. Pour 3 tablespoons tequila and 3/4 cup tonic water into each. <END>
INPUT: flip, egg, bourbon, maple syrup, bar spoon caramel, bar spoon pumpkin
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pumpkin Flip | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 ounce egg white (about 1); 2 ounces bourbon; 3/4 ounce maple syrup; 1 bar spoon prepared caramel; 1 bar spoon pumpkin puree (the canned stuff used for pumpkin pie); Ground cinnamon, for garnish; Grated nutmeg, for garnish; Dash salt, for garnish; Orange zest, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Place only the egg white in a shaker with no ice and shake vigorously. This is known as the "dry shake" method; it froths the egg white to give the cocktail more body and better foam. Next, add the bourbon, maple syrup, caramel and pumpkin and shake vigorously with ice. Strain into a chilled coupe. Garnish with cinnamon, nutmeg, a dash of salt and orange zest. <END>
INPUT: American, poivre, Yukon Gold potatoes, unsalted butter, onion, shallots
OUTPUT: TITLE: Steak Au Poivre Potatoes | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 3/4 pounds Yukon Gold potatoes (about 4 medium); 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1 red onion, sliced; 1 white onion, sliced; 2 shallots, thinly sliced; 1 tablespoon fresh thyme; Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper; 2 teaspoons packed light brown sugar; 3 to 4 tablespoons brandy; 1 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce; 2 teaspoons sherry vinegar; 4 teaspoons mixed peppercorns, crushed; 2 filet mignon steaks (1 1/2 inches thick; about 8 ounces each), each cut into 4 strips; Vegetable oil, for frying; 1/4 cup sour cream | INSTRUCTIONS: The night before serving, slice the potatoes 1/4-inch thick and transfer to a bowl of cold water. Refrigerate up to 24 hours, changing the water a few times. (This makes the potatoes extra crispy when fried.) Melt 1 tablespoon butter in a large pot over medium heat. Add the red onion, white onion, shallots, thyme, 1/2 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of pepper. Cook, stirring, until the onions are soft, 30 minutes. Stir in the brown sugar, brandy and Worcestershire sauce and cook until most of the liquid has evaporated, about 10 minutes. Remove from the heat and stir in the vinegar; transfer to  <END>
INPUT: American, kuchen, all purpose flour, sugar, kosher salt, vanilla extract
OUTPUT: TITLE: Apple Kuchen | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups all-purpose flour; 1/2 cup sugar; 1/4 teaspoon kosher salt; 1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract; 1/2 pound (2 sticks) unsalted butter, cold and cut into pieces; 1 pound cream cheese, at room temperature; 3/4 cup sugar; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; 1 egg, at room temperature; 2 tablespoons sugar; 1 1/2 teaspoons ground cinnamon; 3 Granny Smith apples, peeled, if desired, cored, and thinly sliced | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees. Lightly grease and flour a 9x13-inch pan. To make the crust: Place the flour, sugar, and salt in a large bowl or food processor fitted with a steel blade and mix to combine. Add the vanilla and butter, a little at a time, and mix until it resembles cornmeal. Press into the prepared baking pan and transfer to the oven. Bake until slightly golden but not brown, about 12 to 15 minutes. Set aside to cool. Lower the oven temperature to 400 degrees. To make the filling: Place the cream cheese, sugar, and vanilla in the bowl of a mixer fitted with a paddle and beat un <END>
INPUT: Mexican, spiced, water, coarse kosher salt, peppercorns, mustard seeds, allspice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Peel-and-Eat Spiced Shrimp with Chipotle Remoulade | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 6 quarts water; 1/2 cup coarse kosher salt; 6 tablespoons whole black peppercorns; 1/4 cup mustard seeds; 2 tablespoons whole allspice; 2 tablespoons whole cloves; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh thyme; 4 dried chiles de árbol; 4 Turkish bay leaves; 36 uncooked large shrimp, unpeeled; 2 quarts ice cubes; Chipotle Remoulade; Ingredient info: Chiles de árbol are thin, red, very hot chiles available at supermarkets, specialty foods stores, and Latin markets | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine 6 quarts water and next 8 ingredients in large pot. Bring brine to rolling boil, stirring until salt dissolves. Turn off heat. Cover; let stand 5 minutes. Return brine to boil. Add shrimp; boil 3 minutes. Pour off most of brine, leaving enough to cover shrimp. Mix in ice; let cool 10 minutes. Arrange shrimp in large bowl. Serve shrimp with Chipotle Remoulade . Combine 6 quarts water and next 8 ingredients in large pot. Bring brine to rolling boil, stirring until salt dissolves. Turn off heat. Cover; let stand 5 minutes. Return brine to boil. Add shrimp; boil 3 minutes. Pour off most of <END>
INPUT: rings, Vidalia onions, buttermilk, all purpose flour, rice flour, seltzer
OUTPUT: TITLE: Vidalia Onion Rings with Beer Mustard | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 large Vidalia onions; 2 cups buttermilk; 3 cups all-purpose flour; 1 cup rice flour; 2 cups seltzer; 1 12-ounce bottle beer; 1 teaspoon honey; Kosher salt; Vegetable oil, for deep-frying; Chopped parsley and flaky salt, for topping; For the beer mustard:; 1 cup aioli or good-quality store-bought mayonnaise; 1/2 cup dijon mustard; 2 tablespoons agave syrup; 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon | INSTRUCTIONS: Slice the onions. Cut each onion crosswise into 1/4-inch-thick slices. Separate the slices into individual rings; remove the 4 small center rings from each slice and reserve them for another use. Soak the onions. Put the separated onion rings into a large baking dish or shallow bowl and cover them with the buttermilk. Make the beer mustard. In a small bowl, whisk the aioli, dijon mustard, agave syrup, cinnamon, beer-extract powder and cayenne until combined. Set aside. Make the batter. In a large bowl, whisk 1 cup all-purpose flour, the rice flour, seltzer, beer and honey until smooth. Put the <END>
INPUT: Mexican, salsa, dragon fruit, chives, lemon juice, scallops, olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Seared Scallops with Dragon Fruit Salsa | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 dragon fruit, finely diced; 2 tablespoons chopped chives; 1 tablespoon lemon juice; 8 large scallops; 1 tablespoon olive oil; Salt and pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Put the dragon fruit in the fridge for a few hours and allow it to get very cold. This will allow you to dice it finely. Season the scallops with salt and pepper. Heat the olive oil in a skillet on medium high heat and pan sear the scallops until golden brown (about 2 to 3 minutes on each side). In a separate bowl, combine the dragon fruit, lemon juice, and chopped chives. Top the scallops with the dragon fruit salsa and serve <END>
INPUT: American, crabmeat, cream cheese, hot sauce, Worcestershire sauce, horseradish
OUTPUT: TITLE: Crab and Cream Cheese Dip | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound crabmeat, any kind, picked free of shell; 8 ounces cream cheese, in large dice; 1 teaspoon hot sauce, or to taste; 2 teaspoons Worcestershire sauce; 1 teaspoon prepared horseradish, or to taste; 2 tablespoons Creole mustard or other coarse mustard; 1 bunch green onions, thinly sliced; Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, to taste | INSTRUCTIONS: Place 1/2 the crabmeat in the bowl of a food processor. Add 1/3 of the cream cheese, hot sauce, Worcestershire, horseradish, mustard, 2/3 of the green onions, salt, and pepper. Puree, running the processor for about 15 seconds. Scrape the sides and bottom of the bowl with a rubber spatula, add 1/2 the remaining cream cheese, and puree until well blended, about 15 seconds. Stop and scrape the bowl again, add the remaining cream cheese, and process until well incorporated. Adjust seasoning. Fold in the remaining onions and crabmeat and serve as a dip. Or, to make canapes, reserve the remaining c <END>
INPUT: Asian, pine, wraps, cabbage, peanut oil, garlic, ginger, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Turkey Pine Nut Cabbage Wraps | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1 head red cabbage; 2 tablespoons peanut oil; 5 cloves crushed garlic; 3 tablespoons finely diced fresh peeled ginger; 1/2 cup diced yellow onion; 1/2 cup diced red bell pepper; 1/2 cup diced yellow bell pepper; 1 pound lean ground turkey; 1 1/2 tablespoons hoisin sauce; 2 tablespoons oyster sauce; 1 1/2 tablespoons red chili sauce; 1 1/2 tablespoons low sodium soy sauce; 2 teaspoons rice vinegar; 2 teaspoons fish sauce; 2 teaspoons sesame oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Wash and dry the head of cabbage and cut off the end. Carefully remove about 8 leaves ensuring they are not torn and form nice "cups" to hold the filling. Heat the oil in a large nonstick skillet over medium-high heat. Add the garlic, ginger, onion and cook for 1 to 2 minutes or until soft. Add the red pepper, yellow pepper and turkey and cook until the turkey is almost cooked through and browned slightly, about 7 to 8 minutes. Add the hoisin sauce, oyster sauce, red chili sauce, soy sauce and rice vinegar. Let cook another 4 to 5 minutes until the sauce reduces. Remove from the heat. Add the  <END>
INPUT: chicken wings, onion, carrots, celery, thyme
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Chicken Jus | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 chicken wings; 1 large onion, quartered; 3 medium carrots, roughly chopped; 2 stalks celery, roughly chopped; 5 sprigs thyme; 1 head garlic, cut in 1/2; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; Extra-virgin olive oil; 1/4 cup dry white wine; 2 cups low-sodium chicken broth; 2 tablespoons cold unsalted butter, cut into cubes | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. In a roasting pan add chicken wings, vegetables, thyme and garlic. Season well with salt and pepper and drizzle with olive oil. Roast for 30 minutes until the wings are nice and brown. Remove from the oven and set over medium-high heat on the stove top. Add white wine to deglaze and scrape the brown bits off the bottom of the pan using a wooden spoon. Add the chicken stock and continue to simmer for 5 minutes to reduce the liquid until about 1 cup remains. Remove from heat and strain through a china cap, pushing some of the vegetable pulp through the strainer wit <END>
INPUT: vegetables, summer squash zucchini, virgin olive oil, Kosher salt, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Marinated Summer Vegetables | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 summer squash or zucchini (about 1 pound), sliced on a diagonal 1/2" thick; 3 red, orange, or yellow bell peppers, cut into 1" strips; 4 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, divided; Kosher salt, freshly ground pepper; 2 garlic cloves; 2 tablespoons Sherry or red wine vinegar; 4 sprigs oregano | INSTRUCTIONS: Place racks in upper and lower thirds of oven; preheat to 475°. Place squash and peppers on separate baking sheets. Drizzle each sheet of vegetables with 1/2 tablespoons oil, season with salt and pepper, and toss to coat. Spread out in a single layer, turning peppers skin side up. Roast peppers on upper rack and squash on lower rack, turning squash once, until tender, 15-20 minutes. Let cool slightly; remove skins from peppers. Whisk garlic, vinegar, and remaining 3 tablespoons oil in a large bowl; season with salt and pepper. Add vegetables and oregano; toss to coat. Cover and let sit at leas <END>
INPUT: French, souffle, sweet potatoes, unsalted butter, cream cheese, light sugar, eggs
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sweet Potato Souffle | CUISINE: French | INGREDIENTS: 3 pounds sweet potatoes, baked and still warm; 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened; 2 ounces cream cheese, room temperature; 3 tablespoons light brown sugar; 3 large eggs; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 3/4 cup light brown sugar; 1/2 cup chopped pecans; 1/4 cup all-purpose flour; 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, cold, cubed; 5 slices bacon, cooked and crumbled | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Peel the sweet potatoes and add the flesh to a bowl. Beat in the butter using a hand mixer or a stand mixer with the whisk attachment until well combined. Beat in the cream cheese, brown sugar and eggs, adding one at a time. Sprinkle with salt and pepper. For the topping: Mix together the brown sugar, pecans, flour, butter and bacon in a separate bowl until it looks crumbly. Add the mixture to a deep-dish pie plate and bake until puffed and golden, 30 minutes. Let rest for 10 minutes before serving (the souffle will fall slightl <END>
INPUT: veggie, monguini, Two skin salmon, Kosher salt pepper, Italian seasoning, coriander
OUTPUT: TITLE: Salmon and Veggie Linguini - "Sal Monguini" | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Nonstick cooking spray; Two 4-ounce skin-on salmon fillets; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 teaspoon dried Italian seasoning; 1/2 teaspoon ground coriander; 2 tablespoons salted butter; 2 lemon slices, halved, plus more for garnish; 8 ounces fresh linguini; 1/2 cup frozen peas; 1 cup cherry tomatoes, quartered; 2 tablespoons drained brined capers; Grated zest and juice of 1 whole lemon; 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard; 1 teaspoon minced fresh dill | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat a gas grill to medium-high heat or prepare a charcoal grill with a medium-hot fire. Spray a 12- by 12-inch square of heavy-duty aluminum foil with cooking spray. Place the salmon, skin-side down, on the center of the foil. Sprinkle the salmon with salt and pepper and sprinkle the Italian seasoning and coriander over the top. Put 1 tablespoon of butter on top of each fillet and place 2 half slices of lemon on each. Wrap the salmon tightly in the foil, place on the grill, and cook for 10 minutes. Remove the salmon from the grill and open the foil packet to  <END>
INPUT: American, salmon, wine, hazelnuts, cherries, unsalted butter, Salt pepper, grind bulgur
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Salmon with Red Wine BBQ Sauce, Hazelnut Butter and Cracked Wheat Salad with Grilled Vegetab | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup coarsely chopped toasted hazelnuts; 1/4 cup coarsely chopped dried cherries; 1 1/2 sticks unsalted butter, at room temperature; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 cup medium-grind bulgur; 2 1/2 cups boiling water; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1/2 red bell pepper; 1/2 yellow bell pepper; 1 zucchini, halved lengthwise; 4 stalks asparagus, trimmed; 1/2 pint cherry tomatoes; 2 jalapeno peppers, grilled, peeled, and chopped with seeds; Canola oil; 1/2 cup freshly chopped flat-leaf parsley | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. For the hazelnut butter: Combine all ingredients in a bowl of a food processor and mix until combined; season with salt and pepper. Transfer to a small bowl, cover and refrigerate for 30 minutes. Remove from refrigerator 15 minutes before using. For the salad: Heat the grill to high. Place the bulgur in a large bowl; add the boiling water, 2 teaspoons salt and 1/4 teaspoon pepper, stir and let sit at room temperature until tender, about 25 minutes. If any water remains, place in a fine sieve and press down on it. Put the vegetables in a large bowl, toss with a fe <END>
INPUT: French, wine, beef short, shallots, coarse grain Dijon, plum tomatoes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Braised Short Ribs with Dijon Mustard | CUISINE: French | INGREDIENTS: 4 cups dry red wine; 4 lb beef short ribs (also called flanken); 10 shallots (10 oz), trimmed, halved if large; 3 tablespoons coarse-grain Dijon mustard, or to taste; 6 plum tomatoes, halved lengthwise | INSTRUCTIONS: Boil wine in a 2-quart heavy saucepan until reduced to about 1 cup. While wine is reducing, pat ribs dry and cut crosswise into 1-rib pieces (each about 2 1/2 inches long). Season well with salt and pepper. Heat a dry 5-quart heavy pot over moderately high heat until hot, then brown ribs well in 3 batches on all sides, about 8 minutes for each batch. Transfer browned ribs with tongs to a bowl. Reduce heat to moderate and brown shallots well in fat remaining in pot, stirring. Transfer with a slotted spoon to another bowl. Stir wine and mustard into juices in pot. Add ribs and simmer, covered, 1 <END>
INPUT: croque, monsieur, pullman bread, Gruyere cheese, smoked salmon, blanched lemon zest, chives
OUTPUT: TITLE: Croque Monsieur with Caviar and Baby Watercress Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 12 slices pullman bread, 1/4-inch thick; 6 ounces Gruyere cheese, sliced 1/8-inch thick; 12 ounces sliced smoked salmon; 1 tablespoon blanched lemon zest; 1 tablespoon sliced chives; 6 ounces osetra caviar (optional); 8 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1/4 teaspoon Dijon mustard; 1 tablespoon lemon juice; 1/4 cup olive oil; 3 cups baby watercress salad; Fine sea salt; Freshly ground pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Place the 12 bread slices on the workspace. Onto 6 slices, place the Gruyere cheese and on the other 6 slices, place the smoked salmon. Sprinkle the salmon slices with lemon zest, the Gruyere slices with chives. Place 1 ounce of caviar on the salmon and close the sandwiches and butter the outsides. Preheat a sautepan over medium heat. Add the sandwiches to the pan with the Gruyere side down and saute for 2 minutes. Raise the heat to high, turn them over and saute for 1 minute on the salmon side. Make a vinaigrette by combining the mustard, lemon juice and olive oil. Toss the salad in the dress <END>
INPUT: all purpose flour, salt, pepper, virgin olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Braised Veal Shanks | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 8 (12- to 14-oz) meaty cross-cut veal shanks (also known as ossobuco; each about 13/4 inches thick); 3/4 cup all-purpose flour; 3 1/2 teaspoons salt; 1 1/4 teaspoons black pepper; 6 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1 large onion, chopped (2 cups); 4 large garlic cloves, finely chopped; 5 anchovy fillets, rinsed, patted dry, and finely chopped; 2 Turkish bay leaves or 1 California; 1 cup dry white wine; 1 (28-oz) can whole tomatoes in juice, pulsed (including juice) in food processor until chopped; 1 cup water; 2 (4- by 1-inch) strips fresh lemon zest; 2 (4- by 1-inch) strips fresh orange zest; 1/4 cup finely chopped fresh flat-leaf parsley | INSTRUCTIONS: Make shanks: Put oven rack in middle position and preheat oven to 350°F. Pat shanks dry. Stir together flour, 2 teaspoons salt, and 1 teaspoon pepper on a sheet of wax paper. Heat 2 tablespoons oil in a 12-inch heavy skillet over moderately high heat until hot but not smoking. While oil heats, dredge 4 shanks in flour mixture, shaking off excess. Brown shanks in oil on all sides, turning with tongs, about 8 to 10 minutes. Transfer to a large (17- by 12- by 2-inch) roasting pan. Add 2 tablespoons oil to skillet and repeat with remaining 4 shanks. Discard remaining flour mixture. Add remaining 2 <END>
INPUT: vegetable oil, sweet paprika, kosher salt, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Brisket | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons vegetable oil; 1 (3 1/2 pound) first-cut brisket, with "fat cap" (do not trim); 3 tablespoons sweet paprika; 1 tablespoon kosher salt, plus for brisket; Freshly ground black pepper; 6 medium yellow onions, cut into thin wedges with root end attached; 1 1/2 cups sweet vermouth; 4 cups low-sodium chicken broth; 8 medium carrots, peeled, and cut into thirds (14 ounces) | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Heat the oil a large, heavy bottomed Dutch oven over medium-high heat until beginning to smoke. Season the brisket generously with the paprika, salt, and pepper. Place fat side down in the Dutch oven and cook until brown on all sides, about 8 to10 minutes. Transfer the meat to a plate and set aside. Discard about half the fat, then add the onions and cook over medium heat until browned and tender, about 10 minutes. Pour in the vermouth and cook until reduced by about half. Nestle the brisket into the onions fat side up, add the broth; bring to a simmer and ba <END>
INPUT: American, salad, farro, water vegetable stock, Salt pepper, Tuscan kale, pomegranate seeds
OUTPUT: TITLE: Kale and Farro Salad with Aged Goat Cheese | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup farro; 1 1/2 cups water or vegetable stock; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 bunch Tuscan kale; 1/4 cup fresh pomegranate seeds; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1 clove garlic, thinly sliced; Juice of 1 lemon; 1/4 cup aged goat cheese, shaved, or Parmesan | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine the farro and water or stock in a medium saucepot. Bring to a simmer and cook until tender, 20 to 30 minutes, and then drain. Transfer to a bowl, season with salt and pepper and let cool. Remove and discard the ribs from the kale, then chiffonade the leaves finely and place in a bowl. Add the pomegranate seeds, olive oil, garlic and lemon juice and mix thoroughly. Stir in the farro and season the salad with salt and pepper. Divide among 4 deep plates or bowls and garnish with the shaved goat cheese. <END>
INPUT: loaf, dates, baking soda, boiling water, sifted all purpose, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Date and Walnut Loaf | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup pitted dates, roughly chopped; 1 teaspoon baking soda; 1 cup boiling water; 1 1/2 cups sifted all-purpose flour; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 1/2 cup firmly packed brown sugar; 1/2 cup coarsely chopped walnuts; 1 egg; 1 tablespoon vegetable oil; 8 ounces cream cheese, softened and whipped; 1 tablespoon sugar; 1 tablespoon grated lemon zest | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 325 degrees. Grease a 9 x 5 x 3inch loaf pan. Place dates in a large bowl, sprinkle soda over dates and pour boiling water over top. Set aside for about 5-10 minutes to cool. In another bowl, mix together the flour, salt, sugar and walnuts. Beat the egg with the oil and add to the cooled date mixture. Stir in the dry ingredients and mix well. Pour batter into prepared pan. Bake for 50 minutes to 1 hour, or until bread begins to pull away from side of pan and center is done when tested. Set aside to cool and unmold. Meanwhile, in a small bowl, blend whipped cream cheese with sug <END>
INPUT: Mexican, stew, posole, garlic, water, chicken broth, country style pork, oregano
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pork and Hominy Stew with Red Chiles: Posole Rojo | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 large head garlic; 12 cups water; 4 cups chicken broth; 4 pounds country-style pork ribs; 1 teaspoon dried oregano (preferably Mexican), crumbled; 2 ounces dried New Mexico red chiles; 1 1/2 cups boiling-hot water; 1/4 large white onion; 2 teaspoons salt, plus 1 teaspoon; 2 (30-ounce) cans white hominy (preferably Bush's Best); 8 corn tortillas; About 1 1/2 cups vegetable oil; Accompaniments: Diced avocado, thinly sliced iceberg or romaine lettuce, chopped white onion, diced radishes, lime wedges, dried oregano, and dried ho | INSTRUCTIONS: Peel the garlic cloves and reserve 2 for the chile sauce. Slice the remaining garlic. In a 7 to 8 quart heavy kettle bring water and broth just to a boil with sliced garlic and pork. Skim the surface and add oregano. Gently simmer pork, uncovered, until tender, about 1 1/2 hours. While pork is simmering, wearing protective gloves, discard stems from chiles, and in a bowl, combine chiles with boiling-hot water. Soak chiles, turning them occasionally, for 30 minutes. Cut onion into large pieces and in a blender puree with chiles and soaking liquid, reserved 2 cloves of garlic, and 2 teaspoons sa <END>
INPUT: schnitzel, pork loin chops, all purpose flour, Kosher salt pepper, eggs, milk
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pork Schnitzel | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 boneless pork loin chops (about 5 to 6 ounces each); 1 1/2 cups all-purpose flour; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 large eggs; 1/2 cup milk; 4 cups plain dried bread crumbs; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 2 tablespoons butter; 1 sprig thyme; Lemon wedges | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Begin by placing each chop between 2 sheets of plastic wrap and gently pounding them out with the flat side of a meat tenderizer until they are an even 1/4-inch thick. Put the flour in a shallow dish and season with salt and pepper. Whisk the eggs and milk in another shallow dish and season with salt and pepper. Put the bread crumbs in a third dish and again season with salt and pepper. Lightly dredge each piece of pork in flour, then in the egg and finally into the bread crumbs, pressing the bread crumbs onto the pork gently so they have a nice even coating. Lay <END>
INPUT: gratin, heavy cream, walnuts, Yukon gold potatoes, Kosher salt pepper, sage leaves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Walnut Sage Gratin | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups heavy cream; 3/4 cup walnuts, toasted and finely chopped; 3 1/2 pounds Yukon gold potatoes, peeled and cut into 1/8-inch thick slices; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 tablespoons roughly chopped fresh sage leaves; 1 cup grated Gruyere cheese | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Put the oven rack in center of the oven and preheat to 350 degrees F. In a saucepan over low heat, add the cream and 3/4 cup of the walnuts. Bring just to a simmer and then keep warm over lowest heat while building the potato layers. In a large, lightly greased, 9 by 13-inch baking dish, arrange 1/3 of the potato slices covering the bottom of the dish, overlapping slightly. Generously season with salt and pepper and sprinkle with a little sage, 1/3 of the Gruyere and a ladle of warmed walnut cream mixture. Repeat 1 more time the exact same way. Layer for a 3rd an <END>
INPUT: Italian, meat, loaf, turkey, purchased tomato pasta, eggs, zucchini, rice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Turkey Meat Loaf with Tomato Sauce | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound ground turkey; 1 26-ounce jar purchased tomato pasta sauce (such as spicy red pepper or tomato-basil); 3 large eggs; 1 cup coarsely grated zucchini (about 2 medium); 2/3 cup cooked white rice; 1/2 cup low-fat large-curd cottage cheese; 1 tablespoon onion powder; 2 teaspoons dried thyme; 1 teaspoon salt; 1/2 teaspoon pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 375°F. Lightly oil 9x5x31/4-inch glass loaf dish. Place ground turkey in large bowl. Add 1 cup pasta sauce and remaining ingredients. Mix well. Pack mixture into prepared dish; spread 1/2 cup tomato sauce over top. Bake until meat loaf is firm to touch and has pulled away from sides of dish, and a thermometer inserted into center registers 160°F, about 1 hour 15 minutes. Let stand 5 minutes. Heat remaining tomato sauce in small saucepan over medium heat, stirring occasionally. Cut meat loaf into thick slices. Serve with sauce. Preheat oven to 375°F. Lightly oil 9x5x31/4-inch gl <END>
INPUT: oxtails, olive oil, onions, scallions, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Braised Oxtail | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 pounds oxtails (1-inch cut); 2 tablespoons olive oil, not extra virgin; 3 cups onions, medium dice; 1 cup scallions, sliced; 1/2 cup garlic, sliced; 1/2 cup olive oil; 2 teaspoons fresh ground pepper; 8 sprigs thyme; Water; 1 1/2 teaspoon cloves, whole; 1 1/2 teaspoon allspice, whole; 2 cups tomatoes, seeded and chopped; 1 1/2 cups red peppers, chopped; Salt; 1 Scotch Bonnet pepper, seeded and chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: Toss the ingredients together in a large bowl, cover, and refrigerate overnight.; Take oxtails out of marinade and reserve onion mixture. In a heavy-bottom braiser over medium-high heat, brown both sides of oxtail in batches in olive oil, drain excess oil leaving just enough to saute onion mixture and thyme. After the onions and thyme are sauteed return oxtails to braiser and add enough water to cover 1/4 of the oxtails. Allow the liquid to come to a simmer. Put cloves and allspice into a sachet or tie in a cheesecloth, and submerge in liquid. Season with salt, cover, and put into a preheated  <END>
INPUT: compote, rhubarb, sugar, water
OUTPUT: TITLE: Rhubarb Compote | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 cups 1-inch pieces fresh rhubarb (from about 2 pounds); 1 1/4 cups sugar; 1/3 cup water | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine all ingredients in heavy large saucepan. Bring to boil, stirring until sugar dissolves. Reduce heat to medium-low; simmer until rhubarb is very soft and begins to fall apart, stirring occasionally, about 20 minutes. Transfer compote to medium bowl. Refrigerate uncovered until cold, about 3 hours. (Can be prepared 2 days ahead. Cover and keep chilled.) Serve cold. Combine all ingredients in heavy large saucepan. Bring to boil, stirring until sugar dissolves. Reduce heat to medium-low; simmer until rhubarb is very soft and begins to fall apart, stirring occasionally, about 20 minutes. Tr <END>
INPUT: Asian, spiced, chili, duck breasts, Salt pepper, Asian Spice Rub, Ginger Garlic Chile, onions
OUTPUT: TITLE: Asian-Spiced Duck Breasts with Ginger-Chili Glaze | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 4 duck breasts, trimmed of excess fat; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; Asian Spice Rub, recipe follows; Ginger-Garlic-Chile Glaze, recipe follows; 1 bunch green onions, grilled; Flour tortillas, grilled or warmed through; 2 tablespoons Spanish paprika; 1 tablespoon dry mustard; 2 teaspoons kosher salt; 2 teaspoons ground black pepper; 2 teaspoons ground star anise; 2 teaspoons ground ginger; 1 teaspoon ground allspice; 1/4 teaspoon ground red pepper; 2 tablespoons peanut oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat grill to medium-high. Score the skin-side of the duck with a knife in a lattice pattern, being sure not to cut through to the flesh. Season each breast with salt and pepper on both sides. Rub the skin side of each breast with a few tablespoons of the rub and place on the grill, rub side down, and grill until slightly charred and the skin begins to get crispy, about 4 to 5 minutes. Turn the breasts over, brush with some of the glaze and continue grill to medium-rare doneness, another 3 to 4 minutes. Remove the duck from the grill and brush with more of the glaze. Let rest for 5 minutes the <END>
INPUT: French, panini, sourdough bread, virgin olive oil, Brie cheese, basil leaves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Panini with Chocolate and Brie | CUISINE: French | INGREDIENTS: 12 slices sourdough bread; 1/3 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 12 ounces Brie cheese, thinly sliced; 1 (12-ounce) bag semisweet chocolate chips; 1/3 cup thinly sliced fresh basil leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the panini grill. Brush both sides of the bread with olive oil. Grill the bread slices until they begin to turn golden, about 1 to 2 minutes. Remove from the panini grill and place 2 ounces of cheese on 1 slice of bread (the bottom half), top the cheese with 1/3 cup chocolate chips, and a sprinkle of basil. Top with another slice of bread. Continue with the remaining sandwiches. Return the sandwiches to the panini grill until the chocolate begins to melt, about another 2 minutes. Cut the sandwiches into 2-inch wide rectangles or small triangles and transf <END>
INPUT: Italian, ricotta cheese, egg, parmesan, kosher salt, Flour
OUTPUT: TITLE: Ricotta Gnocchi | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound fresh ricotta cheese (see recipe below); 1 egg; 1 ounce grated parmesan; 1 teaspoon kosher salt; Flour, to roll gnocchi; 2 quarts milk; 1/4 cup fresh lemon juice | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large bowl, whip the ricotta to break up the curds. Add the egg and stir until evenly combined. Add the grated cheese and a pinch of salt. Taste and adjust seasonings. Pour flour onto a large plate or shallow pie dish. As if you were making chocolate chip cookies, use a teaspoon to form oval shape gnocchi and drop into flour. Do not let the formed gnocchi touch each other or they'll stick together. Working in batches of six, coat gnocchi lightly with flour by rolling the plate. Dust flour off gnocchi and place on a parchment lined cookie sheet. Repeat. Refrigerate two hours or until gnocc <END>
INPUT: vinaigrette, olive oil, shallots, balsamic vinegar, capers
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Trout with White Beans and Caper Vinaigrette | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup (1/2 stick) unsalted butter; 1 tablespoon olive oil; 1/4 cup minced shallots; 2 tablespoons white balsamic vinegar; 1 tablespoon drained capers; 1 teaspoon chopped fresh rosemary; 1 15-ounce can white beans, rinsed, drained; 1 teaspoon finely grated lemon peel; 2 10-ounce cleaned boned butterflied trout; 1 cup coarsely sliced arugula | INSTRUCTIONS: Prepare barbecue (medium-high heat). Cook butter in small skillet over medium heat until brown, stirring often, about 4 minutes. Remove from heat. Mix in oil, then shallots, vinegar, capers, and rosemary. Season vinaigrette to taste with salt and pepper. Mix beans, lemon peel, and 2 tablespoons vinaigrette in medium skillet. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Brush a little vinaigrette over flesh side of trout; sprinkle with salt and pepper. Place skillet with beans on edge of grill to warm through. Grill trout, flesh side down, until brown, about 2 minutes. Turn trout over; grill until coo <END>
INPUT: wich, all purpose flour, marjoram, parsley, paprika, ginger
OUTPUT: TITLE: Snapper Escovitch-Wich Pickled Peppers and Scotch Bonnet Aioli | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup all-purpose flour; 2 tablespoons dried marjoram; 2 tablespoons dried parsley; 2 tablespoons paprika; 1 tablespoon ground ginger; 1/2 tablespoon ground black pepper; 1/2 tablespoon kosher salt, plus extra for seasoning the fish; 4 tablespoons vegetable oil; 4 skinless red snapper fillets (about 5- to 6-ounces each); 4 soft rolls, split and griddled with butter; Scotch Bonnet Aioli, recipe follows; Escovitch Pickled Peppers, recipe follows; 2 Scotch bonnet peppers; 1/2 cup mayonnaise; 1 small clove garlic, minced | INSTRUCTIONS: Whisk together the flour, marjoram, parsley, paprika, ginger, pepper and salt in a shallow bowl. Heat 2 tablespoons of the oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Season 2 of the red snapper fillets all over with salt, then dredge them in the seasoned flour. Shake off any excess flour and place in the skillet. Cook until golden brown on one side, 2 to 3 minutes, then flip and cook on the other side until cooked through, an additional 2 to 3 minutes. Wipe out the pan and repeat with the remaining 2 fillets and oil. Sandwich Build: Spread a thin layer of Scotch Bonnet Aioli on the bottom a <END>
INPUT: Mexican, foldovers, chicken, Pillsbury® refrigerated classic, taco seasoned cheese
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken Enchilada Foldovers | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2cups shredded cooked chicken; 1 can (10 ounce) Old El Paso® red enchilada sauce; 1 can Pillsbury® refrigerated classic pizza crust; 1/2 cup shredded taco-seasoned cheese blend or Cheddar cheese (2 ounce) | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat oven to 425 degrees F. Lightly spray cookie sheet with cooking spray. In medium bowl, mix chicken and 1/2 cup of the enchilada sauce. Unroll dough; place on cookie sheet. Starting at center, press out dough into 14x10-inch rectangle; cut into 4 (7x5-inch) rectangles. Spoon about 1/3 cup chicken mixture onto half of each rectangle, spreading to within 1/2 inch of edge. Sprinkle 2 tablespoons cheese over each. Fold dough in half over filling; press edges firmly with fork to seal. Prick tops with fork. Bake 10 to 12 minutes or until golden brown. Meanwhile, heat remaining enchilada sauce unt <END>
INPUT: caviar, quesadillas, flour tortillas, sour cream, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Red Onion, Sour Cream, and Caviar Quesadillas | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 6- to 8-inch flour tortillas; 4 tablespoons sour cream; 2 tablespoons chopped red onion | INSTRUCTIONS: Fold tortillas in half and cut each quesadilla into 3 wedges. Garnish with: 2 tablespoons sour cream 2 tablespoons caviar Red onion slivers Small dill sprigs 6 thin lemon slices Fold tortillas in half and cut each quesadilla into 3 wedges. Garnish with: 2 tablespoons sour cream 2 tablespoons caviar Red onion slivers Small dill sprigs 6 thin lemon slices <END>
INPUT: salad, chickpeas, mint, cider vinegar, tomato, olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chickpea Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 can chickpeas, drained and rinsed; 1 teaspoon dried mint; 1 tablespoon cider vinegar; 1 small tomato, seeded and diced; 2 tablespoons olive oil; Salt and pepper, to taste; 1/2 red onion, thinly sliced; 1 clove garlic, minced | INSTRUCTIONS: In medium bowl combine chickpeas, tomato, onion, garlic and mint. Add vinegar and olive oil. Toss to coat. Season with salt and pepper. Chill and serve. <END>
INPUT: onions, bacon, onion, golden raisins, wine vinegar, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Broiled Trout with Bacon, Onions, and Raisins | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 thick bacon slices (7 ounces), cut crosswise into 1/8-inch-wide strips; 2 cups coarsely chopped red onion; 1/2 cup golden raisins (3 ounces); 1/2 cup red-wine vinegar; 2 teaspoons sugar; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 4 (10- to 12-ounce) whole rainbow trout, cleaned and boned, leaving heads and tails intact (butterflied), or 8 fillets; 2 teaspoons olive oil plus additional if necessary; 1/4 teaspoon black pepper; Special equipment: 2 (15- by 10-inch) shallow baking pans | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook bacon in a 10- to 12-inch heavy skillet over moderate heat, stirring occasionally, until golden, about 5 minutes. Transfer bacon with a slotted spoon to paper towels to drain, then pour off all but 1/4 cup fat (add additional olive oil if bacon doesn't render enough fat). Add onion to skillet and cook over moderate heat, stirring occasionally, until onion is softened and beginning to brown on edges, about 6 minutes. Stir in bacon, raisins, vinegar, sugar, and 1/4 teaspoon salt and boil until liquid is reduced to about 1/3 cup, about 1 minute. Remove from heat and keep warm, covered. Prehe <END>
INPUT: cracked, salad, semi pearled farro, Kosher salt, egg yolk, oil anchovy fillets, lemon juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cracked Farro and Broccoli Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup semi-pearled farro; Kosher salt; 1 large egg yolk; 3 drained oil-packed anchovy fillets; 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 2 tablespoons white wine vinegar; 1/2 teaspoon sugar; 1/4 teaspoon Dijon mustard; 2 garlic cloves, peeled, divided; 1/4 cup vegetable oil; 6 tablespoons olive oil, divided; 1 teaspoon dried oregano; Freshly ground black pepper; 1/2 head of broccoli, stem peeled and trimmed, very thinly sliced lengthwise on a mandoline; 1/2 small red onion, very thinly sliced, rinsed, patted dry | INSTRUCTIONS: Pulse farro in a food processor until about half of the grains are cracked, about 1 minute. Cook farro in a medium pot of boiling salted water until al dente, 10–15 minutes. Drain and rinse under cold water. Spread out on a plate and chill. Meanwhile, blend egg yolk, anchovies, lemon juice, vinegar, sugar, mustard, and 1 garlic clove in a blender to combine. With motor running, gradually stream in vegetable oil and 4 Tbsp. olive oil and blend until dressing is emulsified and creamy, then add oregano. Season dressing with salt and pepper. Toss broccoli and remaining 2 Tbsp. olive oil in a large <END>
INPUT: salad, low sodium chicken, bulgur wheat, apple cider vinegar, shallot, agave nectar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Bulgur Wheat and Kale Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups low-sodium chicken stock; 1 cup bulgur wheat; 1 tablespoon apple cider vinegar; 1 teaspoon minced shallot; 1/2 teaspoon agave nectar; 3 tablespoons olive oil; Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper; 1/2 cup toasted almonds; 1/3 cup diced dried apricots; 1/4 cup finely julienned kale; 1/2 small red onion, shaved; 2 teaspoons finely sliced fresh chives | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. For the bulgur: In medium saucepot over medium-high heat, bring the chicken stock to a boil. Add the bulgur, cover and reduce the heat to medium-low. Simmer the bulgur until tender, about 15 minutes. Let stand 5 minutes, and then fluff with fork. For the cider vinaigrette: Combine the vinegar, shallots and agave nectar in small glass jar with a tightly fitted lid. Shake to combine. Add the oil and shake vigorously to emulse. Season with salt and pepper. Set aside until ready for use. For the salad: In a large mixing bowl, gently combine the bulgur, almonds, apric <END>
INPUT: salad, crumbled goat cheese, mayonnaise, sour cream, chives, Meyer lemon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Cauliflower Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup crumbled goat cheese; 1/2 cup mayonnaise; 1/2 cup sour cream; 1/4 cup finely chopped chives; 1 Meyer lemon, zested and juiced; 2 tablespoons orange blossom honey; 1 tablespoon Champagne vinegar; 1 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt; 1/2 teaspoon fresh ground black pepper; 1/2 head cauliflower, broken into big florets; 6 organic carrots; 2 red bell peppers, seeded, deveined and cut into cheeks; 1 red onion, quartered, root end left intact; 1/4 cup olive oil; 1/2 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat a grill to high. For the creamy goat cheese dressing: In a medium mixing bowl, combine the goat cheese, mayonnaise, sour cream, chives, lemon zest and juice, honey, vinegar, salt and pepper. Whisk together well to break up the goat cheese. Cover and refrigerate for 30 minutes prior to serving. For the salad: In a large mixing bowl, gently combine the cauliflower, carrots, bell peppers, onion, olive oil, red pepper flakes, salt and pepper. Char the vegetables on the grill on all sides, 6 to 8 minutes, removing the vegetables to a baking tray as done. Let cool. Cut the vegetables into a  <END>
INPUT: American, fashioned, mixed, all purpose flour, sugar, salt, non hydrogenated solid
OUTPUT: TITLE: Old-Fashioned Mixed-Apple Pie | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 3 cups all purpose flour; 1/4 cup sugar; 1 1/4 teaspoons salt; 1 1/4 cups (2 1/2 sticks) chilled unsalted butter, cut into 1/2-inch cubes; 1/3 cup non-hydrogenated solid vegetable shortening, cut into 4 pieces, frozen; 6 tablespoons (or more) ice water; 2 1/4 pounds assorted apples (such as Pink Lady, Pippin, and Golden Delicious), peeled, quartered, cored, cut into 1/2-inch-thick wedges; 1/3 cup sugar; 1/4 cup golden or dark raisins; 2 1/2 tablespoons quick-cooking tapioca; 1 1/2 teaspoons (packed) finely grated lemon peel; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 1/8 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg or ground nutmeg; 1 1/2 tablespoons graham cracker crumbs; 2 tablespoons (1/4 stick) chilled unsalted butter, cut into1/2-inch cubes | INSTRUCTIONS: For crust: Blend flour, sugar, and salt in processor. Add butter and shortening; cut in using on/off turns until mixture resembles coarse meal. Add 6 tablespoons ice water and blend just until moist clumps form, adding more ice water by teaspoonfuls if dough is dry. Gather dough into ball. Divide dough in half. Flatten each half into disk. Wrap in plastic and chill at least 3 hours. DO AHEAD: Can be made 1 day ahead. Keep chilled. Soften dough 15 minutes at room temperature before rolling out. Butter 9-inch-diameter glass pie dish. Roll out 1 dough disk on lightly floured work surface to 12- t <END>
INPUT: salad, eggs, garlic, mayonnaise, lemon juice, lemon zest
OUTPUT: TITLE: Egg Salad with Lemon and Fennel | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 8 large eggs; 1 garlic clove; 1/2 cup mayonnaise; 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice; 1 teaspoon grated lemon zest; 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard; 1/2 fennel bulb, finely chopped (1 cup), plus 1 tablespoon finely chopped fronds | INSTRUCTIONS: Cover eggs with cold water in a medium saucepan. Cook eggs, uncovered, at a gentle boil 10 minutes. Pour off hot water. Shake pan gently so eggs bump one another (to crack shells). Run cold water into pan to stop cooking. Let eggs stand in cold water 15 minutes, adding more water to keep cold. Mince and mash garlic to a paste with a pinch of salt. Whisk together with mayonnaise, lemon juice, zest, mustard, 1/2 teaspoon salt, and 1/4 teaspoon pepper. Chop eggs and stir into dressing with fennel and fronds. Cover eggs with cold water in a medium saucepan. Cook eggs, uncovered, at a gentle boil 1 <END>
INPUT: flambeed, unsalted butter, tangerines, Demerara sugar, orange flavored liqueur, vanilla ice cream
OUTPUT: TITLE: Flambeed Tangerines with Vanilla Ice Cream | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon unsalted butter; 8 tangerines (seedless) or 10 clementines, peeled and broken into sections; 1/3 cup Demerara sugar; 1/3 cup orange-flavored liqueur (recommended: Grand Marnier); 1 pint vanilla ice cream | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat a large skillet and melt the butter. When it begins to brown ever so slightly around the edges, remove from the heat and add all of the tangerines slices. Stir to coat with the butter. Return to the heat and sprinkle with the sugar. Stir to blend. Remove the skillet form the heat and add the orange liqueur. Remove from the heat and ignite with a long kitchen match. When the flames die down, transfer to a large serving dish or individual bowls. Serve with the vanilla ice cream. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, relish, onion, cilantro, lime juice, ginger, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Branzino With Cilantro-Mint Relish | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 small white onion, finely chopped; 1/2 cup finely chopped fresh cilantro; 1/4 cup fresh lime juice; 1 teaspoon grated peeled ginger; 1 teaspoon sugar; 1/2 cup finely chopped fresh mint plus 4 sprigs for stuffing; 2 red chiles (such as Fresno or serrano), with seeds, thinly sliced, divided; 1/3 cup plus 1 tablespoon vegetable oil; Kosher salt; 2 whole branzino or small red snapper, cleaned; 1 lime, thinly sliced | INSTRUCTIONS: Prepare grill for medium-high heat. Mix onion, cilantro, lime juice, ginger, sugar, chopped mint, half of chiles, and 1/3 cup oil in a medium bowl; season with salt. Set relish aside. Season inside of fish with salt. Stuff with mint sprigs, lime slices, and remaining chiles; tie with kitchen twine. Drizzle with remaining 1 tablespoon oil; season with salt. Grill fish until skin is crisp and flesh is flaky and opaque down to the bone, about 5 minutes per side. (If a small knife slides easily through the thickest part of flesh, the fish is done.) Serve with relish. DO AHEAD: Fish can be stuffed  <END>
INPUT: Italian, cheese, lasagna, wheat bread, Cheddar, skim mozzarella, scallions
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Cheese and Tomato Soup Lasagna | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 sticks (12 tablespoons) unsalted butter, at room temperature; 18 slices white or whole-wheat bread; 1 1/2 cups shredded Cheddar (about 5 ounces); 1 1/2 cups shredded part-skim mozzarella (about 5 ounces); 1 bunch scallions, thinly sliced (1/2 cup); Freshly ground black pepper; Two 10.75-ounce cans condensed tomato soup; 1 cup whole milk; 5 large eggs | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Butter both sides of each piece of bread with the softened butter and arrange on 2 baking sheets. Bake, flipping halfway through, until golden brown and toasted, about 15 minutes. Line the bottom of a 13-by-9-inch baking dish with 6 slices of toasted bread and toss together the Cheddar and mozzarella in a bowl. Sprinkle the toast evenly with about 1 cup of the cheese mixture and a third of the scallions, then sprinkle with a few grinds of the pepper. Repeat this process with another layer of 6 slices of toast, 1 cup of cheese, a third of the scallions and bla <END>
INPUT: salad, warm, apple juice concentrate, apple cider vinegar, vegetable oil, Dijon mustard, mustard seeds
OUTPUT: TITLE: Green Bean and Red Onion Salad with Warm Cider Vinaigrette | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup frozen apple juice concentrate, thawed; 2 tablespoons apple cider vinegar; 2 tablespoons vegetable oil; 2 teaspoons Dijon mustard; 1 teaspoon mustard seeds; 6 ounces green beans, trimmed, cut in half on deep diagonal; 4 cups (packed) baby greens (about half of 4.5-ounce package); 1/2 cup finely chopped red onion; 2 large radishes, trimmed, halved, thinly sliced; 1 tablespoon finely chopped bread-and-butter pickles | INSTRUCTIONS: Boil apple concentrate in small saucepan over medium heat until reduced to 1/4 cup, about 5 minutes. Remove from heat. Whisk in vinegar, oil, mustard, and mustard seeds. Season vinaigrette with salt and pepper. (Can be made 1 day ahead. Cover and chill. Rewarm before using.) Cook beans in medium pot of boiling salted water until crisp-tender, about 4 minutes; drain well. Transfer beans to large bowl; cool slightly. Add greens, onion, radishes, and pickles. Toss with enough vinaigrette to coat. Boil apple concentrate in small saucepan over medium heat until reduced to 1/4 cup, about 5 minutes.  <END>
INPUT: Mexican, sweet potatoes, vegetable oil, Kosher salt, mayonnaise, lime zest
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sweet Potato Wedges with Lime Mayo | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 3 sweet potatoes (about 1 1/2 pounds), peeled, each cut lengthwise into 8 wedges; 2 tablespoons vegetable oil; Kosher salt, freshly ground pepper; 1/3 cup mayonnaise; 1/4 teaspoon finely grated lime zest; 2 teaspoons fresh lime juice; Chopped fresh cilantro (for serving) | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 450°F. Toss sweet potatoes and oil on a foil-lined large rimmed baking sheet; season with salt and pepper. Roast, turning once, until golden brown and crisp, 25-30 minutes. Meanwhile, whisk mayonnaise, lime zest, and juice in a small bowl. Season fries with salt, top with cilantro, and serve with lime mayo for dipping. Preheat oven to 450°F. Toss sweet potatoes and oil on a foil-lined large rimmed baking sheet; season with salt and pepper. Roast, turning once, until golden brown and crisp, 25-30 minutes. Meanwhile, whisk mayonnaise, lime zest, and juice in a small bowl. Season  <END>
INPUT: chowder, olive oil, unsalted butter, Yukon Gold potatoes, leeks, celery
OUTPUT: TITLE: Clam and Cod Chowder | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons olive oil; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1 1/2 pounds small Yukon Gold potatoes, peeled, halved, quartered if large; 2 large leeks, white and pale-green parts only, finely chopped; 4 celery stalks, finely chopped; 4 sprigs thyme, plus leaves for serving; Kosher salt, freshly ground pepper; 1/3 cup dry white wine; 4 cups fish stock or bottled clam juice; 2 cups heavy cream; 4 pounds littleneck clams, scrubbed; 2 pounds skinless cod or haddock, cut into large pieces Hot sauce and lemon wedges (for serving) | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat oil and butter in a large heavy pot over medium. Add potatoes, leeks, celery, and thyme sprigs; season with salt and pepper. Cook, stirring occasionally, until leeks are tender, about 5 minutes. Add wine, bring to a boil, and cook until reduced by half, about 2 minutes. Add stock and cream, season with salt and pepper, and bring to a gentle simmer (if using clam juice, taste before adding salt, it's very briny). Cook until potatoes are starting to fall apart (their starch will help give body to the soup), 50-60 minutes. Add clams to pot and stir to coat. Cover and simmer until clams are j <END>
INPUT: Mexican, banh, long baguette, mayonnaise, pâté liverwurst, Sugar BBQ Pork, jalapeño
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pork Banh Mi with Quick-Pickled Radishes and Carrots | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 long baguette, cut crosswise into four 8" pieces, split and toasted; 1/4 cup mayonnaise; 2 ounces pâté or liverwurst; 2 cups shredded Brown Sugar BBQ Pork Butt; 1 jalapeño, thinly sliced; 1 cup quick-pickled radishes and carrots from Bo Ssäm; Cilantro leaves with tender stems (for serving) | INSTRUCTIONS: Spread 1 side of each baguette with 1 Tbsp. mayonnaise, and spread the other side of each baguette with pâté, dividing evenly. Pile pork on bottom halves of baguette, and top with jalapeño, radishes and carrots, and cilantro. Close sandwiches. Spread 1 side of each baguette with 1 Tbsp. mayonnaise, and spread the other side of each baguette with pâté, dividing evenly. Pile pork on bottom halves of baguette, and top with jalapeño, radishes and carrots, and cilantro. Close sandwiches. <END>
INPUT: pudding, loaf cinnamon raisin, unsalted butter, milk, granulated sugar, kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Apple-Chocolate Chip Bread Pudding | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1-pound loaf sliced cinnamon-raisin bread, cut into 1 1/2-inch pieces; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, cut into small pieces, plus more for the baking dish; 4 cups milk; 1/2 cup granulated sugar; 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt; 2 large eggs plus 6 egg yolks; 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract; 2 apples, peeled and diced; 1/2 cup bittersweet chocolate chips; Confectioners' sugar and whipped cream, for topping | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 250 degrees F. Spread the bread on a baking sheet and bake until crisp, about 30 minutes; let cool. Meanwhile, butter a 9-by-13-inch baking dish; set aside. Combine the milk, sugar and salt in a medium saucepan over medium heat, stirring occasionally to dissolve the sugar; remove from the heat and let cool slightly. Whisk the eggs, egg yolks and vanilla in a large bowl. Pour the warm milk mixture into the eggs, whisking constantly. Toss the bread with the apples and chocolate chips in a large bowl, then spread in the prepared baking dish. Pour the custard over the bread mix <END>
INPUT: salad, olive oil, Spanish onion, garlic, long grain rice, water
OUTPUT: TITLE: Saffron Rice Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons olive oil, plus more for dressing; 1 Spanish onion, finely chopped; 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped; 2 cups long grain white rice; 4 cups water; 1 large pinch saffron threads; Salt and freshly ground pepper; 8 spears asparagus, grilled and cut into 1/2-inch pieces; 1 red pepper, fire roasted and diced; 1 yellow pepper, fire roasted and diced; 3/4 cup salt cured olives, pitted and chopped; 1/4 cup chopped fresh herbs, ie: parsley or cilantro leaves; Extra-virgin olive oil, for drizzling; 2 tablespoons aged Sherry vinegar | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Heat oil in medium pot on grates of grill or side burners. Add onions and garlic and cook until soft. Add the rice and stir to coat the grains of rice with the oil. Place the water in a small pot and bring to a boil. Add the saffron to the onion mixture and let boil 1 minute. Add the boiling water to the rice, stir, add salt and pepper and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat to medium-low, cover the pot and let cook 12 to 14 minutes or until the rice is just cooked. Let the rice sit, covered for 5 minutes then fluff with fork. Transfer the rice to a large bowl and a <END>
INPUT: Indian, curry, hot chiles, cumin seeds, boiling potatoes, vegetable oil, Turkish bay leaves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Potato Curry with Tamarind | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 3 dried hot red chiles (about 3 inches long), stems removed; 1 tablespoon cumin seeds; 1 lb medium boiling potatoes (about 5), scrubbed well; 3 tablespoons vegetable oil; 2 Turkish bay leaves or 1 California; 3/4 teaspoon panch phoron (Bengali spice mix); 1/8 teaspoon asafetida powder; 1/2 teaspoon ground turmeric; 1 cup water plus 1/4 cup boiling water; 1 1/2 teaspoons tamarind concentrate; 1/2 teaspoon salt; Special equipment: an electric coffee/spice grinder; a wok | INSTRUCTIONS: Toast chiles and cumin seeds in a dry small heavy skillet, shaking pan occasionally, until fragrant and just a shade darker, about 1 minute. Remove from heat and cool mixture, then finely grind in grinder. Cover potatoes with salted cold water by 1 inch in a 2 1/2- to 3-quart saucepan. Bring to a boil, then simmer, partially covered, until potatoes are just tender when pierced with a small sharp knife, about 12 minutes. Drain. Once cool enough to handle, peel potatoes with a small sharp knife or a vegetable peeler and cut into 1-inch pieces. Heat oil in wok over moderately high heat until hot  <END>
INPUT: crisp, duck skin fat, Kosher salt, savoy cabbage, balsamic vinegar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Crisp Roasted Cabbage | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup duck skin and fat; Kosher salt; 1 large head savoy cabbage, cut into 8 wedges; 1 to 2 tablespoons balsamic vinegar | INSTRUCTIONS: Cut the duck skin and fat into small pieces and put in a saucepan with 1 cup water. Bring to a simmer and cook until the fat is melted and the skin is brown and crisp, 45 minutes to 1 hour. Scoop out the duck-skin cracklings, drain on paper towels and season with salt. Reserve the duck fat. Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Heat 3 tablespoons duck fat (or olive oil) in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Brown the cabbage in batches, about 1 minute per side; transfer to a baking dish. Drizzle with 1 to 2 tablespoons duck fat (or olive oil), season with salt and toss. Roast until crisp on t <END>
INPUT: Asian, sauce, olive oil, sea scallops, ginger, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Seared Scallops with Ginger Sauce | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 4 tablespoons (1/2 stick) butter 1 tablespoon olive oil; 1 tablespoon olive oil; 24 sea scallops; 1 tablespoon minced peeled fresh ginger; 1 garlic clove, minced; 1/4 cup dry white wine; 2 tablespoons unseasoned rice vinegar; 1/2 cup whipping cream; 3 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro; 1 green onion, finely chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: Melt 2 tablespoons butter with oil in heavy large skillet over high heat. Sprinkle scallops with salt and pepper. Add 12 scallops to skillet and sear until brown, about 1 minute per side; transfer to bowl. Sear remaining 12 scallops; transfer to same bowl. Add ginger and garlic to skillet and sauté until fragrant, about 30 seconds. Add wine and vinegar and boil 2 minutes, scraping up any browned bits. Add cream and remaining 2 tablespoons butter. Boil until sauce thickens enough to coat spoon, about 3 minutes. Return scallops and any collected juices to skillet. Simmer until scallops are just  <END>
INPUT: smashed, Yukon Gold skinned, kosher salt, pepper, virgin olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Smashed Roasted Potatoes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 pounds medium Yukon Gold or red-skinned potatoes (about 6 ounces each); 2 teaspoons kosher salt; 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 1/3 cup extra-virgin olive oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350°. Wrap each potato in foil. Place on a rimmed baking sheet. Bake until tender, 45-60 minutes. Let cool slightly. Unwrap potatoes and arrange on same baking sheet. Set another rimmed baking sheet over potatoes, rimmed side up, and press gently to smash potatoes without breaking them apart. Season with salt and pepper; drizzle with half of the oil. Carefully turn potatoes to coat. Preheat oven to 500°. Roast potatoes for 15 minutes. Drizzle with remaining oil, turn to coat, and continue roasting until crispy and golden brown, 25-30 minutes. Preheat oven to 350°. Wrap each pot <END>
INPUT: French, lowest, chocolate, Butter margarine, Granulated sugar, egg yolks, egg whites, cream tartar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lowest Fat Chocolate and Grand Marnier Souffle | CUISINE: French | INGREDIENTS: Butter or margarine; Granulated sugar; 4 egg yolks; 5 egg whites; 1/2 teaspoon cream of tartar; 1/3 cup granulated sugar; 1/3 cup unsweetened cocoa; 1/4 cup all purpose flour; 1/8 teaspoon salt; 3/4 cup no-fat (skim) milk; 1/4 cup Grand Marnier; 1/2 teaspoon vanilla; 1 tablespoon grated orange peel | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Butter and dust a 1-1/2 quart souffle dish with sugar. Put egg whites in mixer bowl with cream of tartar. In a medium saucepan, stir together sugar, cocoa, flour, and salt. Stir in milk and Grand Marnier and cook over medium heat, stirring constantly until mixture boils and is smooth and thickened. Stir in the vanilla and orange peel. Set aside. Beat the egg whites only until they cling to the side of the mixing bowl when you tilt it. Stir the yolks into the sauce. Mix about a quarter of the whites right into the sauce in the pan, then empty the sauce into the whit <END>
INPUT: soup, boiling potatoes, cauliflower leaves, scallion, caraway seeds, cauliflower flowerets
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cauliflower Caraway Potato Soup | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 pound boiling potatoes; 1/2 cup chopped cauliflower leaves; 1/4 cup chopped white part of scallion; 1/4 teaspoon caraway seeds; 2 cups 1-inch cauliflower flowerets; 1/3 cup thinly sliced scallion greens; freshly grated Parmesan to taste | INSTRUCTIONS: In a saucepan combine the potatoes, peeled and cut into 1/2-inch pieces, the cauliflower leaves, the white part of scallion, the caraway seeds, and 3 1/2 cups water, simmer the mixture for 15 minutes, or until the potatoes are very tender, and in a blender or food processor purée the mixture coarse. In the pan combine the purée and the flowerets, simmer the soup for 5 minutes, or until the flowerets are tender, and stir in the scallion greens and salt and pepper to taste. Serve the soup sprinkled with the Parmesan. In a saucepan combine the potatoes, peeled and cut into 1/2-inch pieces, the ca <END>
INPUT: Mexican, salmon, burgers, reduced calorie regular, sour cream, garlic, ginger, lime juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Soy-Glazed Salmon Burgers with Ginger Lime Aioli | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup reduced-calorie or regular mayonnaise; 2 tablespoons sour cream; 2 cloves garlic, minced; 2 teaspoons minced fresh ginger; 1 tablespoon fresh lime juice; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 1/3 cup low-sodium soy sauce; 3 tablespoons honey; 1 tablespoon rice vinegar; 1 tablespoon cornstarch; 1 tablespoon plus 1 glass chilled Sutter Home Sauvignon Blanc; 1 egg; 2 tablespoons aioli; 2 tablespoons sour cream; 1 tablespoon fresh lime juice | INSTRUCTIONS: Prepare grill with a medium fire for direct-heat cooking. In a small bowl, combine aioli ingredients. Reserve 2 tablespoons for burgers and chill remainder until serving time. Combine soy sauce, honey, and rice vinegar in a small, heavy saucepan. Mix cornstarch and 1 tablespoon wine in a small bowl until smooth and add to soy mixture. Place over grill and stir mixture until glaze boils and thickens slightly, about 3 minutes. Meanwhile, sip a glass of Sutter Home Sauvignon Blanc, saving remainder for grilling. Set glaze aside. In a large bowl, whisk together egg, aioli, sour cream, lime juice,  <END>
INPUT: American, ranch, creme fraiche, buttermilk, basil leaves, parsley leaves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Blue Cheese Ranch Wedge | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: Dressing:; 1 cup creme fraiche; 1/4 cup buttermilk; 1/4 cup fresh basil leaves, chopped; 1/4 cup fresh parsley leaves, chopped; 2 tablespoons sliced fresh chives; 1 teaspoon fresh thyme leaves, chopped; 1 clove garlic, chopped; 1/2 lemon, juiced (about 1 tablespoon); 1/4 teaspoon onion powder; 1/3 cup crumbled blue cheese; Kosher salt and coarsely ground black pepper; Wedge:; 3/4 cup pecans; 1 head iceberg lettuce, quartered and core removed | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. For the dressing: Combine the creme fraiche, buttermilk, basil, parsley, chives, thyme, garlic, lemon juice and onion powder with a whisk in a medium bowl. Fold in the blue cheese, season with salt and pepper and refrigerate until ready to serve. For the wedge: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Spread the pecans on a rimmed baking sheet and toast until fragrant, 6 to 8 minutes. Let cool and then chop. Divide the lettuce wedges among 4 plates. Top each with 1/4 cup of the dressing, the tomatoes and toasted pecans. Serve the remaining dressing on the side. Eat rig <END>
INPUT: gratin, russet potatoes, garlic, heavy cream, Few grates nutmeg, Parmesan
OUTPUT: TITLE: Gratin Potatoes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound russet potatoes, scrubbed clean; 1 clove garlic, smashed; 3/4 cup heavy cream; Few grates whole nutmeg; 1/4 cup grated Parmesan; Salt and pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F. Rub the bottom of a 8-inch non-stick saute pan with the clove of garlic. Pour 1/2 cup of heavy cream in the saute pan and place over high heat. Season the cream with a little nutmeg, salt and pepper. Slice the potato in 1/4-inch thick circles. As you slice, add them to the heating cream in even layers. Once all of the potatoes have been added to the bubbling cream, sprinkle the grated Parmesan over the potatoes, then pour the remaining heavy cream over the top. Place in the oven and bake for 20 minutes. Once baked and all brown on top, remove from the oven an <END>
INPUT: biscuit, sandwiches, all purpose flour, baking powder, sugar, salt, vegetable shortening
OUTPUT: TITLE: Buttermilk Biscuit Ham Sandwiches with Homemade Tomato Jam | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 5 cups all-purpose flour, plus more for dusting; 2 tablespoons plus 2 teaspoons baking powder; 2 tablespoons sugar; 1 tablespoon salt; 1/2 cup plus 2 tablespoons vegetable shortening; 8 tablespoons unsalted butter, cut into small pieces; 2 cups buttermilk; Tomato Jam, recipe follows; 3/4 cup grated Cheddar; 1/4 pound thinly sliced cooked country ham, such as Smithfield; 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 1/2 Spanish onion, finely chopped; 4 cloves garlic, finely chopped; Leaves from 2 rosemary sprigs, finely chopped; Pinch red pepper flakes | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Make the Biscuits: Using a sieve over a bowl, sift together the flour, baking powder, sugar, and salt. Repeat. Add the butter and shortening and, using your fingertips, mix until crumbly. Add the buttermilk and mix with a wooden spoon until the dough just comes together. (Don't over mix!) Transfer the dough to a lightly floured work surface and, using a rolling pin, roll out to 1/2 to 3/4-inch thick rectangle. Using a 3 to 4-inch round cutter, punch out biscuits and transfer them to a parchment paper-lined baking sheet. Gently press the dough scraps into anot <END>
INPUT: Mexican, smoky, salad, parmesan, virgin olive oil, lime juice, garlic, chipotle chiles adobo
OUTPUT: TITLE: Romaine, Grilled Avocado, and Smoky Corn Salad with Chipotle-Caesar Dressing | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup grated parmesan; 1/2 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 1/4 cup fresh lime juice; 1 teaspoon minced garlic; 1 tablespoon minced canned chipotle chiles in adobo; 3 tablespoons vegetable oil; 2 ears of corn, shucked; 2 firm-ripe 6-to 8-ounces avocados, halved and pitted but not peeled; 1 head romaine (1 pound), tough outer leaves discarded and head quartered lengthwise, then cut crosswise into 1-inch strips | INSTRUCTIONS: Prepare grill for direct-heat cooking over hot charcoal (high heat for gas); see Grilling Procedure . Put parmesan in a medium bowl and add olive oil in a slow stream, whisking. Whisk in lime juice, garlic, chipotles, and 1/4 teaspoon each of salt and pepper. Rub vegetable oil on corn and cut sides of avocados, then season with 1/8 teaspoon each of salt and pepper. Grill avocados, cut sides down, and corn, covered only if using a gas grill, turning corn occasionally, until golden-brown, 3 to 4 minutes. Peel avocados and thinly slice. Cut corn kernels from cobs. Toss romaine with dressing and s <END>
INPUT: kebabs, Vegetable oil, sugar, Old Bay Seasoning, shell jumbo shrimp, virgin olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Shrimp and Okra Kebabs | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Vegetable oil, for the grill; 3 tablespoons sugar; 2 tablespoons plus 2 teaspoons Old Bay Seasoning; 1 1/2 pounds shell-on jumbo shrimp, deveined; 1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil; 1/4 pound okra; 1/4 pound yellow wax beans, halved; 4 scallions, cut into 1-to-2-inch pieces; 1 stick unsalted butter, melted; 1/4 cup dry sherry; 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce; Juice of 1/2 lemon, plus wedges for serving | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat a grill to medium and brush the grates with vegetable oil. Whisk 2 cups water, the sugar and 2 tablespoons Old Bay in a large bowl until the sugar dissolves. Add the shrimp and set aside 10 minutes to marinate. Remove the shrimp from the marinade and pat dry with paper towels. Toss the shrimp with the olive oil in a large bowl and season with 1 teaspoon Old Bay. Thread the shrimp, okra, wax beans and scallions onto eight 10-inch skewers; set aside. Combine the melted butter, sherry, Worcestershire sauce, lemon juice and the remaining 1 teaspoon Old Bay in a small bowl. Grill the kebabs <END>
INPUT: Italian, spaghetti, tomato, garlic, olive oil, Two, tomato water
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spaghetti and Meatballs | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: For the tomato sauce:; 3/4 cup minced garlic; 3/4 cup olive oil; Two 1 pound 8 -ounce cans of crushed, peeled tomatoes with their juice; 2 tomato cans of water; 1 teaspoon ground pepper; 1 tablespoon chopped parsley; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh basil; 2 heaping teaspoons salt; Sugar to taste; For the meatballs:; 1 1/2 cups soft white bread cubes; 1/3 cup milk; 1 small egg; 1 pound ground beef | INSTRUCTIONS: Tomato sauce: Heat oil in a casserole. Add garlic and stir until lightly golden. Then add the crushed tomatoes with their juice, 2 tomato cans of water, the ground pepper, chopped parsley, chopped fresh basil and salt. Then taste it. If it seems a little acidic, add a little sugar Bring to a boil and simmer, stirring occasionally, for 45 minutes. Meatballs: In a bowl mix together the milk and egg. Add mixture to bowl of bread cubes. Toss to coat. Let the bread stand for 15 minutes. Mash the bread cubes and add to a 1 pound of ground beef, grated Romano, garlic, and parsley. Mix together. Add s <END>
INPUT: American, burgers, butter, bleu cheese crumbles, beef, real bacon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Bleu Cheese and Bacon Burgers | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 4 tablespoons butter; 2 tablespoons bleu cheese crumbles (recommended: Treasure Cave); 1 1/2 pounds lean ground beef; 1/2 cup bleu cheese crumbles (recommended: Treasure Cave); 1/4 cup real bacon pieces (recommended: Hormel); 1 tablespoon Montreal steak seasoning (recommended: McCormick Grill Mates); Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 4 onion rolls, toasted; Lettuce, tomato, onion; Sliced avocado, optional | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. For bleu cheese butter: In a small bowl with a fork, smash together butter and 2 tablespoons bleu cheese crumbles; set aside. In a mixing bowl, stir to combine ground beef, 1/3 cup bleu cheese crumbles, bacon pieces, and steak seasoning. Wet your hands to prevent sticking and shape into 4 patties slightly larger than the buns. Cover with plastic and set aside in refrigerator. Set up grill for direct cooking over high heat. Brush and oil grate before cooking. Salt and pepper burgers and place on hot grill. Cook for 4 to 5 minutes per side for medium. Serve hot on  <END>
INPUT: sauce, sweet potatoes, turkey cutlets, ancho chile powder, Kosher salt, virgin olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Turkey With Ancho-Orange Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 pounds sweet potatoes (about 4 medium); 1 1/2 pounds turkey cutlets; 2 tablespoons ancho chile powder; Kosher salt; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1 large Spanish onion, halved and sliced 1/4 inch thick; 2 teaspoons ground cumin; 1 cup low-sodium chicken broth; 1/2 cup heavy cream; 2 tablespoons honey; 1 1/2 teaspoons dijon mustard; 1/2 teaspoon grated orange zest; 3 tablespoons fresh orange juice | INSTRUCTIONS: Pierce the sweet potatoes all over with a fork; put them in a microwave-safe dish and microwave until tender, about 20 minutes. Halve the sweet potatoes and scoop the flesh into a bowl. Mash with a fork until fluffy; cover and keep warm. Meanwhile, pat the turkey dry and sprinkle with 1 tablespoon chile powder and 1 teaspoon salt. Heat the olive oil in a large cast-iron skillet over medium-high heat. Add the turkey and cook until browned, 3 to 4 minutes per side. Transfer to a plate. Wipe out the skillet and place over high heat. Add the onion and cook, stirring, until dark around the edges, 4 <END>
INPUT: tortillas, masa harina, Kosher salt, Special Tortilla press
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tortillas de Masa Harina | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 cups masa harina; Kosher salt; Special equipment: Tortilla press | INSTRUCTIONS: Cut a thick plastic food-storage bag into two squares to fit the tortilla press. Put the masa harina in the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment and slowly add 3 cups warm water, mixing on low speed. Begin to knead the masa by hand until it feels like soft dough and is slightly warmer than your body, 5 to 8 minutes. Cover the masa and let it rest for 10 to 15 minutes. Divide the masa into 30 balls of equal size. Heat a well-seasoned comal or cast-iron skillet over moderately high heat. Arrange the two plastic squares on the bottom plate of the tortilla press. Place a ball of <END>
INPUT: microwave, bacon, unsalted butter, shallot, caraway seeds, cabbage
OUTPUT: TITLE: Microwave Red Cabbage with Bacon and Caraway Seeds | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 slices bacon; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1 large shallot, thinly sliced (about 1/3 cup); 1/2 teaspoon caraway seeds; 2 pounds red cabbage, cored, quartered and thinly sliced; 1/4 cup apple cider vinegar; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Line a large heatsafe plate with 4 sheets of paper towels. Lay the bacon slices side-by- side on top of the paper towels, then top with 2 additional sheets of paper towels. Microwave on high for 5 minutes. Check the bacon to see if it is cooked through and crispy. If not, cook in 1-minute intervals until the bacon is crispy. Reserve. Put the butter, shallot and caraway seeds into a large heatsafe glass bowl. Microwave on high for 1 minute to melt the butter. Add the cabbage, apple cider vinegar, 1 1/2 teaspoons salt and 1/4 teaspoon pepper to the melted butter and stir to combine. Cover with a <END>
INPUT: tartlets, vegetable oil, whipping cream, sugar, honey, unsalted butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mixed Nut Tartlets | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Nonstick vegetable oil spray; 1/2 cup whipping cream; 1/2 cup sugar; 3 tablespoons honey; 1 1/2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1 tablespoon Grand Marnier or brandy; 3/4 cup chopped mixed nuts (such as walnuts, pecans, almonds and pine nuts) | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 375°F. Roll out crust dough on lightly floured surface to 16-inch round (scant 1/8 inch thick). Cut out 3-inch rounds. Gather and reroll dough scraps. Cut out enough rounds to make 18 total. Spray 3-inch-diameter fluted tartlet pans with 1/2-inch-high sides with nonstick spray. Line prepared pans with dough rounds. Freeze crusts 15 minutes. Arrange tartlet pans on large baking sheets. Bake crusts until pale golden, piercing bottoms with toothpick if crusts bubble, about 13 minutes. Cool crusts on baking sheets. Preheat oven to 375°F. Roll out crust dough on lightly floured surf <END>
INPUT: salad, oranges, bulb fennel, virgin olive oil, wine vinegar, Kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Shrimp With Orange Butter and Fennel and Orange Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 oranges; 1 large bulb fennel, thinly sliced (about 2 cups); 4 teaspoons plus 1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil; 2 teaspoons white wine vinegar; Kosher salt; 12 large shrimp, peeled and deveined; 2 tablespoons butter | INSTRUCTIONS: Zest and juice 1 orange; reserve. Cut the peel and white pith from the remaining orange. Slice the orange into half-moons and put into a bowl. Add the fennel, 4 teaspoons olive oil, vinegar, and 1 teaspoon salt; toss to coat and set aside. Toss the shrimp with the remaining 1 tablespoon olive oil; sprinkle with salt. Sear the shrimp in a hot skillet for 45 seconds, then flip. Add 2 tablespoons orange juice, 1 teaspoon orange zest, and butter; cook until the shrimp is opaque in the center, 1 to 2 minutes. Serve the fennel salad with the shrimp. <END>
INPUT: ukrainian, hard boiled eggs, sugar, lemon juice, mustard, sour cream
OUTPUT: TITLE: Ukrainian Mayonnaise | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 large hard boiled eggs; 2 to 3 teaspoons sugar; 2 tablespoons freshly squeezed lemon juice (about 1/2 lemon); 1 1/2 teaspoons dry mustard; 1 cup sour cream; 2 tablespoons mayonnaise; 1/4 cup finely grated horseradish | INSTRUCTIONS: Halve eggs and separate whites from yolks. Finely chop egg whites; set aside. In medium bowl, mash egg yolks with a fork. Add in sugar, lemon juice, mustard, sour cream, and mayonnaise. Stir in horseradish and egg whites. Store in an airtight container up to 4 days, refrigerated.; <END>
INPUT: American, pear cider vinegar, Pear Syrup, Virgin Lemon Oil, mixed bitter salad, tamari pecans
OUTPUT: TITLE: Asian Pear Salad with Tamari Pecans and Maytag Blue Cheese | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons pear or cider vinegar; 4 teaspoons Pear Syrup, recipe follows; 1 teaspoon Extra-Virgin O Lemon Oil or unflavored extra-virgin olive oil; 6 cups mixed bitter salad greens, such as baby mustard, lovage, arugula, dandelion, and mizuna; 1/4 cup chopped tamari pecans, recipe follows; 1/4 cup dried currants or chopped raisins; 1/4 cup crumbled chilled blue cheese (recommended: Maytag); Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 ripe Asian pear, cored, peeled and thinly sliced; 3 cups pear juice; 1 tablespoon tamari sauce; 2 teaspoons molasses; Cayenne pepper and salt; 1 cup pecan halves | INSTRUCTIONS: In a small bowl, combine the vinegar and syrup. Whisk in the oil and set aside. In a large bowl, combine the greens, pecans and currants. Sprinkle with the cheese and season lightly with salt and pepper. Whisk the dressing again and drizzle it over the salad. Toss the salad gently and briefly; you do not want the cheese to crumble any further and clump together. Divide the salad among 4 chilled salad plates. Fan the pear slices over each serving. Put the pear juice in a saucepan and set over medium heat. Bring to a simmer and skim the thick foam that rises to the surface. Reduce the heat to lo <END>
INPUT: American, flan, sugar, egg yolks, milk
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cream Cheese Flan | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cups sugar, divided; 7 egg yolks; 1 (14-ounce) can sweetened condensed milk; 1 (12-ounce) can evaporated milk; 3/4 cup milk; 1 1/2 teaspoons vanilla extract; 1/8 teaspoon salt; 4 egg whites; 1 (8-ounce) package cream cheese | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Cook 1 cup sugar in a medium-size saucepan over medium heat, and cook, stirring constantly, 5 minutes or until sugar melts and turns a light golden brown. Quickly pour hot caramelized sugar into a 2-quart flan dish. Using oven mitts, tilt dish to evenly coat bottom and sides. Let stand 5 minutes. Sugar will harden. Whisk together egg yolks and next 5 ingredients in a large bowl. Process egg whites, cream cheese, and remaining 1/2 cup sugar in blender until smooth. Stir egg white mixture into egg yolk mixture. Pour mixture through a wire-mesh strainer into a l <END>
INPUT: arrebosada, yuca, unsalted butter, olive oil, coarse sea salt, flat leaf parsley
OUTPUT: TITLE: Yuca Arrebosada Sauteed Yuca | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 1/2 pounds yuca, peeled (see Note); 6 tablespoons unsalted butter; I tablespoon olive oil; 2 teaspoons coarse sea salt; 1/2 bunch flat-leaf parsley, coarsely chopped; Juice of I/2 lime; Lime wedges, for serving | INSTRUCTIONS: Place the yuca in a large saucepan and cover with cold water. Bring up to a boil, then reduce the heat so that the water is simmering and cook for 20 to 25 minutes, or until fork-tender. Check individual pieces for doneness, some pieces may cook faster than others. Drain in a colander and, when cool enough to handle, cut into quarters lengthwise and remove and discard the fibrous cores. In a very large skillet, combine the butter and olive oil over medium heat. Add the yuca pieces and sprinkle with 1 teaspoon of the salt. Cook the pieces on one side for about 10 minutes, stirring frequently, u <END>
INPUT: hash, olive oil, onions, garlic, bell pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken Hash | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 ounces olive oil, divided; 2 red onions, diced; 4 cloves garlic, thinly sliced; 1 red bell pepper, julienned; 1 green bell pepper, julienned; 2 jalapenos, seeded and diced; 2 pounds chicken thighs, with bone and skin; 6 ounces beer; 4 ounces water; 1 lime, juiced; 1 teaspoon salt; 2 teaspoons freshly ground black pepper; 2 pounds red potatoes, very thinly sliced; 1/2 cup Roma tomatoes, diced, for garnish; 1/2 cup queso fresco, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: In medium saute pan, add 2 ounces olive oil, onions, garlic, and peppers and saute until translucent. Add chicken and brown on all sides. Remove half of the onion and pepper mixture. Continue to cook chicken and deglaze with beer, water, and lime juice, salt and pepper, let simmer for 45 minutes until chicken begins to fall off the bone. Remove chicken, let cool. Remove bone and remaining skin, and shred with forks. In same saute pan, reduce mixture until thick. Remove mixture from the pan, add the remaining 2 ounces oil and potatoes and fry potatoes until crispy. Add onion and pepper mixture  <END>
INPUT: American, christina, bakin, elbow macaroni, unsalted butter, half half, American cheese, cream cheese
OUTPUT: TITLE: Christina's Bakin' Bacon Macaroni and Cheese | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 16 ounces dry elbow macaroni; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1 pint half-and-half; 8 ounces American cheese slices; 8 ounces cream cheese; 4 ounces smoked gouda, grated; 1 cup light sour cream; 4 eggs, beaten; 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce; 2 dashes hot sauce; 1 teaspoon salt; Freshly ground black pepper; 1/2 pound ham, cubed; 3 slices bacon, reserve drippings; 1/2 cup dried bread crumbs | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil and cook the macaroni until just tender, about 8 minutes. Strain and set aside. Meanwhile, heat the butter and half-and-half in a large saucepan over medium heat. Reserve 5 American cheese slices; tear the rest into pieces and add to the saucepan, along with the cream cheese, and gouda. Cook, stirring often , until cheese is melted and sauce is smooth. Remove from heat and stir in the sour cream. Stir in the eggs slowly. Stir in the Worcestershire sauce, hot sauce, salt and pepper. Stir in the macaroni and ham. Scra <END>
INPUT: flour, salt free Creole, salt, Six speckled trout
OUTPUT: TITLE: Trout Meunière, Old Style | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cups flour; 1 tablespoons salt-free Creole seasoning; 1/4 teaspoon salt; Six 8-ounce speckled trout fillets; 1 1/4 sticks (10 tablespoons) butter; 1 cup veal stock; 2 tablespoons lemon juice, strained; 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce; 1 teaspoon red wine vinegar; Peanut oil, for frying; Lemon wedges | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. Combine the flour, Creole seasoning, and salt in a wide bowl. Rinse the trout fillets and pat dry. Dredge the fish in the seasoned flour and knock off the excess. 2. Make a medium-brown roux by melting the butter in a saucepan over medium heat. When it begins to bubble, add the remaining seasoned flour and cook, stirring constantly, until the mixture turns a medium brown. 3. Put the stock into another saucepan and place over medium-high heat. Whisk the roux into the stock until dissolved. Add the lemon juice, Worcestershire sauce, and vinegar, and simmer for 3 minutes, then remove the pan f <END>
INPUT: American, poker, stacks, confectioners' sugar, cinnamon, maple syrup
OUTPUT: TITLE: Poker Chip Pancake Stacks with Maple and Cream Cheese Frosting | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 sticks (3/4 cup) unsalted butter, at room temperature; 1/2 cup (4 ounces) cream cheese, at room temperature; 3/4 cup confectioners' sugar; 1/8 to 1/4 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 2 tablespoons maple syrup; 1 cup of your favorite prepared pancake mix; 1/2 cup blackberries or raspberries, for garnish; 1/4 cup miniature chocolate chips, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Position an oven rack in the middle of the oven and preheat to 200 degrees F. In a large mixing bowl, use a hand mixer to whip 1 stick (1/2 cup) of the butter and the cream cheese together until smooth. On low speed, gradually add the confectioners' sugar and ground cinnamon and whip until well combined. Add the maple syrup and whip until light and fluffy. Cover with plastic wrap and reserve. Make the pancake batter according to the package directions. Heat an electric griddle or 2-burner cast-iron griddle pan on medium-low heat. Melt 2 tablespoons of the remaining butter and drop teaspoons of <END>
INPUT: hash, sweet potatoes, Spanish onion, bell pepper, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sweet Potato Hash | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound sweet potatoes, peeled and diced; 1/2 Spanish onion, sliced; 1/2 red bell pepper, diced; 1 (12-ounce) can black-eyed peas, drained and rinsed; 1 small clove garlic, chopped; 2 tablespoons diced jalapeno pepper; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro leaves; 1/4 teaspoon dried thyme; 1/4 teaspoon kosher salt; 1/4 teaspoon ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large pot, place peeled and diced sweet potatoes and fill with enough cold water to cover. Bring to a boil, reduce heat to a simmer, and cook the potatoes until soft, about 15 to 20 minutes. Drain and cool potatoes. In a large bowl, combine the cooled potatoes, onion, red pepper, peas, garlic, jalapeno, cilantro, and thyme. Season with salt and pepper and serve cold. <END>
INPUT: Indian, cinnamon, salad, chicken breasts, mayonnaise, curry powder, celery, mango chutney
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cinnamon's Curry Chicken Salad | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 2 pounds chicken breasts (skinless and boneless); 1 cup mayonnaise; 2 1/2 teaspoons curry powder; 1 stalk celery, finely chopped; 1 1/2 teaspoons mango chutney (or orange marmalade); Sea Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 medium to large Hawaiian papaya, cut lengthwise, seeds removed; Mixed greens, for garnish; Paprika, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: In medium saucepan, bring 3 cups of water to a boil, reduce heat and add chicken. Add fresh garlic, salt and pepper to taste. Let simmer for 10 to 12 minutes or until fork tender - be careful not to overcook. Remove chicken from saucepan and allow for chicken to rest on a wire rack. Once the chicken is cooled, dice into small pieces. In a medium bowl, combine the mayonnaise, curry powder, chopped celery and mango chutney. Add the diced chicken, season with salt and pepper, to taste, and stir until ingredients have mixed completely. Cover and refrigerate for at least 1 hour. Cut a medium to lar <END>
INPUT: cayenne, paprika, salt, pepper, mustard greens
OUTPUT: TITLE: Greens Stuffed Roasted Chicken | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 teaspoons cayenne; 2 teaspoons paprika; 2 teaspoons salt; 2 teaspoons ground black pepper; 2 cups raw mustard greens, shredded; 1/2 cup thin sliced red onion; 1/2 cup diced fresh peaches; 1 whole fresh chicken (3 pounds average); 1/2 cup clarified butter | INSTRUCTIONS: For the seasoning: Combine the cayenne, paprika, salt and pepper in a bowl, mixing well. For the chicken: Preheat the oven to 300 degrees F. In a bowl, mix the greens, onions, peaches, 1/4 cup butter and 1 tablespoon of the prepared seasoning, mixing well. Next, open the center cavity of the chicken and stuff it with seasoned greens/fruit mixture. Then drizzle the remaining 1/4 cup butter over the skin of the chicken. Dust with the remaining seasoning. Roast the chicken for 50 minutes, and then remove from the oven. Raise the oven temperature to 450 degrees F, allow to heat for 10 minutes, and <END>
INPUT: coated, Olive oil, chicken tenders, kosher salt, garlic powder, onion powder
OUTPUT: TITLE: Popcorn-Coated Popcorn Chicken | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Olive oil cooking spray, for spraying the baking sheet and chicken; 1 pound chicken tenders, cut into bite-size pieces; 2 teaspoons kosher salt; 1 teaspoon garlic powder; 1 teaspoon onion powder; 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 8 cups plain popped popcorn; 1/2 cup all-purpose flour; 1/2 cup buttermilk or milk; 1 tablespoon hot sauce; 2 large eggs; 1 cup panko breadcrumbs; 2 teaspoons sweet paprika | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Spray a baking sheet with cooking spray. In a large releasable plastic bag, combine the chicken, salt, garlic powder, onion powder and black pepper. Seal and then shake and massage the bag so all the chicken pieces get coated with the seasoning. Set aside. Add the popcorn to a separate large resealable plastic bag. Close the bag and, using a rolling pin, crush the popcorn into small pieces. Set up your breading station using 3 pie pans. In the first pan, add the flour. In the second pan, whisk together the buttermilk, hot sauce and eggs. In the third pan, com <END>
INPUT: wilted, virgin olive oil, garlic, pinches nutmeg nutmeg, Coarse salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Wilted Spinach and Garlic | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 (16 ounce) packages triple washed fresh spinach; 1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil; 3 cloves garlic, crushed and split away from skins; 2 pinches ground nutmeg or fresh grated nutmeg, about 1 /4 teaspoon; Coarse salt and pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Pick spinach free of large stems and coarsely chop. Heat a large skillet over moderate heat. Add extra-virgin olive oil, 1 turn of the pan, and garlic. Add spinach in bunches, wilting and turning leaves in the pan, until all of the spinach is incorporated. Season spinach with nutmeg, salt, and pepper, to taste. <END>
INPUT: American, brittle, brownie mix, butter, egg, chocolate chunks, pretzel chocolate candies
OUTPUT: TITLE: Brownie Brittle | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: One 18-ounce box brownie mix; 6 tablespoons butter, melted and cooled; 1 egg white; 1/2 cup chocolate chunks; 1/2 cup pretzel chocolate candies, such as pretzel M&M's, very coarsely crushed; 1 cup mini pretzel twists; 1 teaspoon flaky sea salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 300 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper. In a large bowl beat together the brownie mix with the melted butter, egg white and 1/3 cup water until well combined. Use a rubber spatula to fold in the chocolate chunks and crushed candies. Pour the batter onto the prepared baking sheet and use an offset spatula to spread into an even 1/4-inch-thick layer. Scatter over the pretzel twists and gently press into the top. Sprinkle with the sea salt. Bake until crisp looking and mostly dry, 30 to 40 minutes. Then turn off the oven and leave the brittle inside until comp <END>
INPUT: vinaigrette, water, sherry vinegar, shallots, fine sea salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Walnut Vinaigrette | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup (4 ounces) walnuts, lightly toasted (see Note); 1 cup water; 1/2 cup sherry vinegar; 2 tablespoons minced shallots; 2 teaspoons fine sea salt; 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 1/2 cup olive oil; 1/2 cup imported walnut oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Place all of the ingredients, except the oils, in a blender and process on high speed. With the machine running, gradually add the olive and walnut oils until the vinaigrette is emulsified, about 1 minute. Refrigerate until ready to serve. (The vinaigrette can be prepared up to 1 week in advance, covered and refrigerated.) Note: To toast walnuts, place the walnuts in a single layer on a baking sheet. Bake in a preheated 350 degrees F. oven, stirring occasionally, until toasted, 8 to 12 minutes. Cool completely. <END>
INPUT: salad, bacon, shallot, wine vinegar, frisee, Kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fig, Bacon and Frisee Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 ounces thick-cut bacon, cut into 1/2-inch pieces; 1 small shallot, halved and thinly sliced; 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar; 4 ounces frisee, roughly torn; Kosher salt, to taste; Freshly ground black pepper; 12 small very ripe purple figs, stemmed and halved | INSTRUCTIONS: Put the bacon in a medium skillet. Turn the heat to medium and cook, stirring occasionally, until the bacon renders its fat and is crisp but not dry, about 12 minutes. Using a slotted spoon, transfer the bacon to a mixing bowl. Reserve 2 tablespoons of the bacon drippings; discard the rest. Add the shallot to the hot skillet and cook, stirring, until softened, another 3 minutes. Turn the heat to low and add the vinegar, stirring to scrape up any browned bits from the bottom of the pan. Stir into the bacon. Add the frisee to the bacon mixture and toss to coat with the bacon drippings. Taste, se <END>
INPUT: American, elbow macaroni, paprika, sauce, Salt pepper, sharp cheddar cheese
OUTPUT: TITLE: Macaroni and Cheese | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 12 ounces elbow macaroni, cooked and drained; 2 teaspoons paprika; 2 cups white sauce, in sauce pan; Salt and pepper; 2 cups sharp cheddar cheese, shredded; 2 tablespoons butter; 1 tablespoon dijon mustard; 1 cup plain bread crumbs | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350 degrees. In a medium saucepan, stir in cheese until melted. Stir in mustard, paprika and season to taste. Mix in the cooked macaroni with the sauce. Pour mixture into a buttered casserole dish. Melt butter in a small skillet over medium heat. Stir in bread crumbs and toss to coat. Sprinkle bread crumbs on top of casserole. Bake for 30 minutes or until bubbly; <END>
INPUT: Italian, cakes, syrup, matzo cake flour, sugar, salt, eggs
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lemon Cakes with Basil Lemon Syrup | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 stick (1/2 cup) unsalted butter, softened, plus 1 1/2 tablespoons, melted; 3/4 cup matzo cake flour plus additional for dusting; 2/3 cup plus 1/4 cup sugar; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 3 large eggs, separated, at room temperature for 30 minutes; 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 1 tablespoon finely grated lemon zest; 1 1/4 cups sugar; 1 1/2 cups water; 1 (4- by 1-inch) strip fresh lemon zest; 1/2 cup fresh lemon juice; 8 large fresh basil sprigs; 1 cup chilled heavy cream; Special equipment: a muffin pan with 12 (1/2-cup) muffin cups; Garnish: small fresh basil leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: Make cakes: Put oven rack in middle position and preheat oven to 350°F. Lightly brush 8 muffin cups with some of melted butter and chill 2 minutes, then butter again and chill 1 minute more. Dust cups with matzo cake flour, knocking out excess. Beat together softened butter, 2/3 cup sugar, and 1/8 teaspoon salt in a large bowl with an electric mixer at medium-high speed until pale and fluffy, then add egg yolks, 1 at a time, beating until well blended. Beat in lemon juice and 2 teaspoons zest until combined. Add flour and mix at low speed until just combined. Beat whites with remaining 1/8 tea <END>
INPUT: glaze, water, kosher salt, light sugar, coriander seeds, piece ginger
OUTPUT: TITLE: Turkey with Pomegranate Glaze | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 quarts water; 1 1/2 cups kosher salt, plus more for seasoning; 3/4 cup light brown sugar; 1/4 cup coriander seeds; One 2-inch piece fresh ginger, sliced; 2 bay leaves; 1 gallon ice cubes; One 16- to 18-pound turkey, giblets removed; 2 celery stalks, cut into 4 pieces; 1 lemon, quartered; 1 onion, quartered; 4 sprigs parsley; 1/2 cup pomegranate molasses; 1 tablespoon Aleppo pepper; 1 tablespoon unsalted butter | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: Measuring Cups & Spoons Knife for slicing vegetables Cutting Board & Carving Board Nonstick Roasting Pan Meat Thermometer Mixing Spoon Baster Serving Platter Large Stock Pot Kitchen Twine Medium Saucepan Electric Knife For the brine and turkey: In a large stock pot, bring water, 1 1/2 cups kosher salt, sugar, coriander, ginger and bay leaves to a boil over high heat. Lower heat and simmer for 10 minutes, stirring occasionally to make sure the salt and sugar dissolve. While the brine is simmering, place the ice in a bucket or pot big enough to hold the turkey. Pour the brine  <END>
INPUT: Mexican, ways, Three chickpeas, vegetable oil, chili powder, coriander, cumin
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Chickpeas 3 Ways | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: Three 15-ounce cans chickpeas; 3 tablespoons vegetable oil; 3/4 teaspoon chili powder; 1/4 teaspoon ground coriander; 1/4 teaspoon ground cumin; 1/4 teaspoon granulated garlic; 1/4 teaspoon granulated onion; Kosher salt; 2 teaspoons distilled vinegar; Zest of 1 lime; Kosher salt; 1 teaspoon granulated garlic; 1 teaspoon granulated onion; Kosher salt | INSTRUCTIONS: For the chickpeas: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Put a few layers of paper towels on your work surface. Strain and rinse the chickpeas in a colander, then shake off as much water as possible. Transfer them to the paper towels, top with more paper towels, then pat them gently and roll them around a bit to dry. Discard any papery skins that have peeled off or are about to. Slide the chickpeas onto a large rimmed baking sheet, and let stand at room temperature for at least 30 minutes. Roast the chickpeas, stirring them occasionally to keep them from burning in spots, until a little shriveled <END>
INPUT: American, pitas, sauce, low fat plain, dill, garlic, lemon juice, cucumber
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Steak Pitas with Dill Sauce | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup low-fat plain yogurt; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh dill; 1 tablespoon minced garlic; 1/3 cup plus 1 teaspoon lemon juice; 1 small cucumber, diced; 2 plum tomatoes, diced; 2 green onions, sliced; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh mint leaves; 12 ounces cubed steak; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh oregano leaves; 2 sprays canola oil cooking spray; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 1/4 teaspoon black pepper; 4 whole wheat pita breads | INSTRUCTIONS: In a small bowl, mix yogurt with dill, garlic, and 1 teaspoon lemon juice. Cover and refrigerate for at least 30 minutes to let flavors blend. In another small bowl, mix cucumber with tomatoes, green onions, and mint. Cover and refrigerate for at least 30 minutes. Put steak in a separate shallow bowl and pour remaining lemon juice and oregano over steak. Cover and refrigerate for at least 30 minutes. Spray a nonstick saute pan with canola oil cooking spray. Remove steak from marinade, season with salt and pepper, and saute over medium-high heat for about 2 1/2 minutes on each side, or until co <END>
INPUT: Mexican, margarita, pineapple juice, tequila, Cointreau other orange, orange juice, lime juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pineapple-Orange Margarita | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2 1/2 cups pineapple juice; 1 1/4 cups white tequila; 1 cup Cointreau or other orange liqueur; 1 cup orange juice; 3/4 cup fresh lime juice; 1/2 cup simple syrup; 3 cups ice cubes; Optional garnishes: fresh pineapple spears, maraschino cherries | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine pineapple juice, tequila, Cointreau, orange juice, lime juice, and simple syrup in large pitcher. (Can be prepared 6 hours ahead. Refrigerate.) Add 3 cups ice cubes to pitcher and stir to blend well. Pour margarita into cocktail glasses. Garnish with pineapple spears and maraschino cherries, if desired, and serve. Combine pineapple juice, tequila, Cointreau, orange juice, lime juice, and simple syrup in large pitcher. (Can be prepared 6 hours ahead. Refrigerate.) Add 3 cups ice cubes to pitcher and stir to blend well. Pour margarita into cocktail glasses. Garnish with pineapple spears  <END>
INPUT: Indian, spiced, glaze, water wine, cherry preserves, horseradish
OUTPUT: TITLE: Baked Ham with Spiced Cherry Glaze | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: Nonstick spray; 1(5-pound) boneless ready-to-eat ham; 1/2 cup water or white wine; 1 cup cherry preserves; 1 tablespoon prepared horseradish (creamy); 1 tablespoon packed light brown sugar; 1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1/2 teaspoon ground cumin; 1/4 teaspoon ground cardamom; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 1 lemon, zested and juiced | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line a roasting pan with foil and spray it with nonstick spray. Score the top and sides of the ham with a small sharp knife in a crisscross pattern. Put the ham in the pan, pour 1/2 cup water or white wine into the bottom of the pan and bake, covered loosely with a tent of foil, 45 to 60 minutes. To make the glaze, combine the preserves, horseradish, brown sugar, cinnamon, cumin, cardamom, salt, and lemon juice in a medium bowl. Transfer the cherry mixture to a small saucepan and bring to a boil over medium heat. Boil until the  <END>
INPUT: greek, doughnuts, Two packages active, all purpose flour, milk, sugar, olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Greek Doughnuts with Walnut Honey | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Two 1/4-ounce packages active dry yeast; 4 cups all-purpose flour; 1 cup warm whole milk; 1/4 cup sugar; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 2 teaspoons orange zest; 1 teaspoon salt; Oil, for frying; 1/2 cup honey; 1/4 cup finely chopped walnuts | INSTRUCTIONS: For the doughnuts: In a mixing bowl, add the yeast to 1 cup warm water, mix with a fork and let sit for 5 minutes. Add the flour, milk, sugar, olive oil, zest and salt. Mix thoroughly until the batter is smooth, 2 minutes. Cover the bowl with plastic wrap and rest the dough in a warm place for 1 hour. Preheat the deep fryer to 375 degrees F. Dip a tablespoon measure in water, and then scoop out 1 tablespoon of dough. Wet your hands and roll the dough into balls, about 16 total. Place the doughnuts, a few at a time, in the fryer and cook until golden, 2 to 3 minutes. For the honey: Place the ho <END>
INPUT: crusted, salt, pepper, olive oil, horseradish
OUTPUT: TITLE: Horseradish-Crusted Beef Tenderloin | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 (3 1/2-lb) trimmed center-cut beef tenderloin roast, tied; 1 1/4 teaspoons salt; 1/2 teaspoon black pepper; 6 tablespoons olive oil; 1 lb fresh horseradish, peeled and coarsely grated (1 cup; see cooks' note, below); 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard; Special equipment: an instant-read thermometer; Accompaniment: Bloody Mary aspic | INSTRUCTIONS: Put oven rack in middle position and preheat oven to 400°F. Pat tenderloin dry, then sprinkle with salt and pepper. Straddle a 17- by 12-inch flameproof heavy roasting pan across 2 burners and heat 3 tablespoons oil in pan over high heat until hot but not smoking, then brown tenderloin on all sides, about 10 minutes total. Remove from heat and transfer meat to a cutting board to cool slightly, about 5 minutes. Put a lightly oiled metal rack inside roasting pan. While meat cools, toss horseradish with remaining 3 tablespoons oil. Rub meat all over with mustard, then transfer to rack in roasting <END>
INPUT: American, sandwich, bell peppers, grain bread, cream cheese, arugula, eggs
OUTPUT: TITLE: Red Pepper, Arugula, Fried Egg Sandwich | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 red bell peppers; 8 slices whole grain bread; 8 ounces cream cheese; 1 bunch arugula, washed, dried, stems removed; 8 large eggs, fried to order; Sweet paprika | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 450 degrees F. On a baking sheet roast red bell peppers until blackened on all sides. Remove from oven, allow to cool, remove peel and seeds, roughly chop. Set aside. Spread approximately 1-ounce of cream cheese on each slice of bread. Top with chopped peppers, a few leaves of arugula, one fried egg each. Garnish with a sprinkle of sweet paprika. <END>
INPUT: granita, guava nectar, spiced rum, lime juice, orange juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Guava Granita | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups guava nectar, such as Goya; 1 cup spiced rum; 1/2 cup lime juice; 1/2 cup orange juice | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine the guava nectar, rum, lime juice and orange juice in a 9-by-13-inch baking dish. Cover with plastic wrap and place in the freezer. Stir every 30 minutes, breaking up the larger frozen chunks. Repeat this process until slushy, about 3 hours. Scoop and serve. <END>
INPUT: marmalade, beefsteak tomatoes, sugar, juice oranges, lemon, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tomato Orange Marmalade | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 pounds ripe beefsteak tomatoes, peeled and chopped, reserving any juices; 3 cups sugar; 2 juice oranges, quartered, seeded, and sliced crosswise 1/8 inch thick; 1 lemon, quartered, seeded, and sliced crosswise 1/8 inch thick; 1/8 teaspoon salt; Special equipment: 3 (1/2-pint) canning jars (optional) with lids and screw bands; a wide 5- to 6-quart heavy pot (at least 9 1/2 inches in diameter) | INSTRUCTIONS: If desired, sterilize jars , lids, and screw bands. Chill 2 small plates (for testing marmalade). Cook all ingredients, including reserved juices from tomatoes, in pot over moderate heat, stirring frequently, until sugar is dissolved, about 6 minutes. Simmer, stirring frequently as marmalade thickens (to prevent scorching) and adjusting heat as needed, until marmalade tests done, 50 minutes to 1 1/4 hours. Begin testing for doneness after 50 minutes: Drop a spoonful of marmalade on a chilled plate, then tilt; it should remain in a mound and not run (if necessary, remove pot of marmalade from h <END>
INPUT: American, dressed, Unsalted butter, macaroni, milk, provolone cheese, aged Asiago cheese
OUTPUT: TITLE: Dressed-Up Bacon Mac and Cheese | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: Unsalted butter, for greasing; 8 ounces macaroni; 2 1/2 cups cold milk; 4 ounces provolone cheese, coarsely grated; 4 ounces aged Asiago cheese, coarsely grated; 2 large eggs; 2 scallions, white and green parts, chopped; 3 slices white sandwich bread, torn into small pieces; 3 strips bacon; 1 medium onion, chopped; 1 clove garlic, minced; 3 tablespoons all-purpose flour; 1/8 teaspoon cayenne pepper; Kosher salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Butter a 2-quart shallow casserole dish. In a large pot of salted boiling water, cook the macaroni until al dente, about 5 minutes. Drain; transfer the pasta to the prepared casserole dish along with 1/4 cup of the cold milk. (This will cool the pasta and prevent it from becoming gummy.) Meanwhile, mix the cheeses together in a small bowl. Beat the eggs with 1/4 cup of the milk in a medium bowl. Add the scallions, bread and half of the cheese to the egg mixture; set aside. Cook the bacon in a large skillet over medium heat until crisp; transfer to paper towel <END>
INPUT: Asian, broth, tamarind paste, palm sugar, lemongrass, garlic, littleneck clams
OUTPUT: TITLE: Littleneck Clams with Tamarind-Tomato Broth, Scallion, Ginger and Cellophane Noodles | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 3 ounces tamarind paste (in brick form); 1 tablespoon palm sugar; 1 stalk lemongrass, smashed; 3 cloves garlic, mashed and minced; 16 littleneck clams; 1/2 cup cornmeal; 4 cups whole plum tomatoes (fresh or canned), crushed; 4 ounces cellophane noodles; 2 tablespoons ginger juice (from grated and squeezed fresh ginger); 3 tablespoons thick sweet soy sauce (called kecap manis); 1 bird's eye chile, minced; 8 Thai basil leaves, stacked, rolled and thinly sliced (called chiffonade); 3 tablespoons Thai fish sauce; 1 scallion, thinly sliced; 1 medium lemon, zested | INSTRUCTIONS: In a pot, combine all the tamarind, palm sugar, lemongrass and 2 1/2 cups water and bring to a boil. Mash the mixture with a potato masher. Strain the stock through a fine-mesh strainer lined with cheesecloth while pressing with the back of a wooden spoon. (This can be done 4 to 5 days in advance.) Keep refrigerated until needed. Purge the clams: In a bowl, combine the clams, cornmeal, and 4 cups of cold water. Place in the refrigerator for about 30 to 40 minutes, to clean out any sand. Remove the clams from the water and discard the water. Pass the tomatoes through a food mill to remove the s <END>
INPUT: American, water, lemon, honey
OUTPUT: TITLE: Poached Pears with Honey, Lemon Balm and Raisins | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 13 cups cold water; 1/2 lemon; 4 (6-ounce) firm Bosc pears; 1 (10 by 20-inch) piece cheesecloth; 5 tablespoons honey; 2 pieces dried tangerine peel, 1 by 2 inches, soaked in hot water for 20 minutes, until softened; 1/2 cup raisins; 18 sprigs lemon balm (1 to 2 bunches), about 7 inches long; 4 sprigs fresh mint | INSTRUCTIONS: To prepare pears, place 6 cups of the cold water in a bowl. Squeeze the juice from 1/2 lemon into the bowl and add the lemon too. Core the pears from the bottom and peel, leaving the stems intact. As you peel each pear, place it in the bowl to prevent it from discoloring. Also place the cores and small pieces in the bowl. After the pears are peeled, wrap the cores and small pieces in the cheesecloth, folded double, and tie tightly with string. Place the remaining 7 cups of cold water and the honey in a pot and stir to dissolve the honey. Add the tangerine peel, raisins, lemon balm and cheesecl <END>
INPUT: American, casserole, bulk breakfast sausage, all purpose flour, milk, hash potatoes, onions
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sausage and Potato Breakfast Casserole | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound bulk breakfast sausage; 2 tablespoons all purpose flour; 1 1/2 cups milk (do not use low-fat or nonfat); 1 1-pound package frozen shredded hash brown potatoes; 4 green onions, finely chopped; 1 1/4 cups grated sharp cheddar cheese | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350°F. Butter 8x8x2-inch glass baking dish. Cook sausage in heavy large skillet over medium-high heat until brown, breaking into small pieces with back of spoon, about 5 minutes. Mix in flour, then milk. Cook until mixture thickens and comes to boil, stirring occasionally, about 5 minutes. Arrange potatoes in prepared dish. Top with 1/3 of green onions, 1 cup cheese, 1/3 of green onions, sausage mixture and remaining 1/4 cup cheese. Bake casserole until potatoes are tender, about 45 minutes. Sprinkle with remaining green onions and serve. Preheat oven to 350°F. Butter 8x8x2-inc <END>
INPUT: Mexican, pumpkin seeds, virgin olive oil, lime zest lime, parsley, thyme leaves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chipotle Lime Pumpkin Seeds | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups raw pumpkin seeds; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1 tablespoon lime zest plus 1 tablespoon lime juice; 1 tablespoon minced fresh parsley; 2 teaspoons fresh thyme leaves; 1 teaspoon chipotle powder; 1 teaspoon kosher salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 300 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper. Toss the pumpkin seeds in a bowl with the olive oil and lime juice until well coated. In a separate small bowl, stir together the lime zest, parsley, thyme, chipotle powder and salt. Sprinkle the mixture over the pumpkin seeds and toss to coat evenly. Spread the seeds in a single layer on the prepared baking sheet. Bake, stirring the seeds halfway through and rotating the baking sheet, until golden brown, about 20 minutes. Serve warm or at room temperature. <END>
INPUT: sauce, skinned Bartlett pears, virgin olive oil, garlic, shallots, chicken broth
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Pear Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 red skinned Bartlett pears; 1/2 cup extra virgin olive oil, divided; 6 garlic cloves; 2 shallots; 1 quart chicken broth, low sodium; 2 tablespoons fresh rosemary leaves; 2 tablespoons balsamic vinegar | INSTRUCTIONS: Split the pears in half and cut out the core. Brush the flesh with 2 tablespoons olive oil and place face down on a hot grill. Wrap the garlic and shallots in an aluminum foil pouch, pour in 2 tablespoons olive oil along with a little bit of water to create steam and seal. Place the packets on the hot grill and roast until soft, about 15 minutes. In a saucepan, combine remaining oil, chicken broth, rosemary and vinegar. Add the grilled pears, roasted garlic and shallots to the saucepan. Cook until the mixture reduces by half. Transfer the sauce to a blender and puree until smooth. Serve with L <END>
INPUT: rustic, demi, pre lamb osso, Salt pepper, olive oil, carrots, celery
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lamb Osso Bucco with Rustic Lamb Demi-glace | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 pre-cut lamb osso bucco (from local butcher); Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 4 tablespoons olive oil; 2 large carrots, peeled and chopped into1/2-inch squares; 2 ribs celery, roughly chopped into 1/2-inch pieces; 2 medium yellow onions, roughly chopped into 1/2-inch pieces; 3 garlic gloves, crushed; 1/4 cup tomato paste; 1 cup red wine; 1 gallon Lamb Stock, recipe follows; 2 tablespoons fresh thyme leaves; 2 pounds lamb bones or 1 cup lamb base; 1 large carrot, roughly chopped into large pieces; 1 rib celery, roughly chopped into large pieces; 1 large onion, roughly chopped into large pieces | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 275 degrees F. Season lamb osso bucco liberally with salt and pepper and set aside on a plate. In a heavy-bottomed roasting pan over medium-high heat, heat olive oil on stove top. Carefully place the osso bucco in the hot roasting pan and sear all sides, until nicely browned. Once seared on all sides, remove from pan and set back onto plate. Using the same pot with the lamb drippings in the bottom, add carrots, celery, onions, and garlic. Saute for approximately 10 minutes using a wooden spoon to scrape the lamb drippings off the bottom of the pan and to caramelize the vegetabl <END>
INPUT: khoresh, vegetable oil, onions, chicken duck breast, carrots butternut squash, shelled walnuts
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pomegranate Khoresh | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, butter, or ghee; 2 small onions, peeled and thinly sliced; 1 pound skinless and boneless chicken or duck breast cut into thin strips; 2 large carrots or 1 pound butternut squash, peeled and cut into thin strips; 1/2 pound shelled walnuts, toasted; 1 teaspoon salt; 1/2 cup pomegranate paste diluted in 2 1/2 cups water or 4 cups fresh pomegranate juice; 2 tablespoons sugar; 1/2 teaspoon cinnamon; 1/4 teaspoon ground saffron threads, dissolved in 1 tablespoon hot water (optional); 1 cup fresh pomegranate seeds; 1/4 cup walnuts, toasted | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. In a medium pot, heat the oil over medium heat. Add the onions and stir-fry 5 minutes, until translucent. Add the chicken and fry for 15 minutes, stirring occasionally, until golden brown. Add the carrot strips and stir-fry 2 minutes longer. 2. Finely grind the toasted walnuts in a food processor. Add the salt, diluted pomegranate paste, sugar, cinnamon, and saffron water and mix well to create a smooth, creamy sauce. Transfer the sauce to the pot, cover and simmer for 40 minutes over very low heat, stirring occasionally with a wooden spoon to prevent the nuts from burning. 3. Taste the sau <END>
INPUT: gratin, onion, olive oil, eggplant, parsley leaves, Parmesan
OUTPUT: TITLE: Eggplant Gratin | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cups finely chopped onion; 3 tablespoons olive oil; a 1-pound eggplant, cut into 1/2-inch pieces; 1/3 cup plus 2 tablespoons minced fresh parsley leaves; 1/2 cup freshly grated Parmesan; 1/4 cup dry bread crumbs | INSTRUCTIONS: In a heavy skillet cook the onion in 2 tablespoons of the oil over moderately low heat, stirring occasionally, until it is golden. While the onion is cooking, in a steamer set over boiling water steam the eggplant, covered, for 10 minutes, or until it is tender, transfer it to a colander, and let it drain 5 minutes. In a bowl toss together the eggplant, the onion mixture, 1/3 cup of the parsley, and the salt and pepper to taste and spread the mixture in a greased 3-cup shallow baking dish. In a small bowl stir together the Parmesan, the bread crumbs, and the remaining 2 tablespoons parsley, sp <END>
INPUT: Mexican, palapa, shallots, ginger, butter, key lime juice, wine
OUTPUT: TITLE: Key Lime Chicken la Palapa | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2 teaspoons shallots; 2 teaspoons fresh ginger; 2 tablespoons butter; 8 ounces key lime juice; 2 ounces white wine; 1 ounce honey; Salt and pepper; 1 (2 to 3 pound) chicken or 4 (6-ounce) chicken breasts; 1 ounce olive oil; 16 ounces portobello mushrooms, sliced; 1 red bell pepper, diced; 1 yellow bell pepper, diced; 1 ounce lima beans; 1 tablespoon balsamic vinegar; Salt and pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 425 degrees F. Using a hot pan, saute the shallots and ginger in the butter for approximately 3 minutes. Add the key lime juice, white wine, honey, salt, and pepper. Reduce the mixture by 50 percent and remove from heat. Brush the glaze over the chicken or chicken pieces. At this point the chicken may either be roasted in the oven or cooked on a grill. For the garnish, heat the olive oil in a skillet. Add the portobellos, peppers, lima beans, balsamic vinegar, and salt, and pepper and saute for approximately 5 minutes. To serve, place the chicken on a platter or individual plat <END>
INPUT: mexican, chocolate, cinnamon, nutmeg, cayenne pepper, hot cocoa mix
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mexican Hot Chocolate Mix | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 teaspoons ground cinnamon; 1 teaspoon ground nutmeg; Pinch cayenne pepper; 3 cups hot cocoa mix | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine all ingredients and place in a collectible/re-useable canister with instructions. Instructions read: "Blend 1/2 cup mix with 1 cup steaming hot whole milk. Stir and enjoy". <END>
INPUT: American, Piecrust, butter, sugar, yolks, flour
OUTPUT: TITLE: Buttermilk Pie | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: Piecrust, preferably made with lard and blind-baked; 8 tablespoons butter, room temperature; 1 1/2 cups sugar; 2 yolks; 3 tablespoons flour; 1 1/2 cups buttermilk; 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice; 1 teaspoon grated lemon rind; 2 egg whites; 2 grates fresh nutmeg | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. In a mixer with a whisk attachment, cream the butter well then add the sugar and continue to cream until light and fluffy. Add the yolks and blend in; then mix in the flour. With the mixer on add the buttermilk slowly then the lemon juice and rind. In a separate bowl, whip the egg whites to stiff peaks. Fold 1/3 of them into the buttermilk batter, then a second and third addition folding after each one. Pour the filling into the blind baked crust and sprinkle the top with nutmeg. Bake for 40 minutes until the top is golden brown and the filling is firm looking. C <END>
INPUT: roulade, eggs, vanilla, granulated sugar, salt, all purpose flour
OUTPUT: TITLE: Rhubarb Roulade | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 large eggs, separated; 1 teaspoon vanilla; 1/2 cup granulated sugar; 1/8 teaspoon salt; 3/4 cup all-purpose flour; Confectioners sugar for dusting; 1 lb rhubarb stalks, trimmed and finely chopped; 1/2 cup granulated sugar; Accompaniment: lightly sweetened whipped cream | INSTRUCTIONS: Make cake: Preheat oven to 350°F. Butter a 15- by 10- by 1-inch shallow baking pan and line with wax paper. Butter paper and dust with flour, knocking out excess. Beat together yolks, vanilla, and 5 tablespoons granulated sugar in a large bowl with an electric mixer at high speed until thick and pale, about 1 minute with a standing mixer or 3 minutes with a handheld. Beat whites with salt using cleaned beaters in another bowl until they just hold soft peaks. Add remaining 3 tablespoons granulated sugar, a little at a time, beating until whites just hold stiff peaks. Gently fold one third of fl <END>
INPUT: American, pappardelle, vinaigrette, good quality balsamic, Dijon mustard, honey, Big gray salt, virgin olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Zucchini Pappardelle with Roasted Tomato Vinaigrette, Arugula and Feta Cheese | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons good quality balsamic vinegar; 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard; 1/2 teaspoon honey; Big pinch gray salt; 4 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1/2 teaspoon lemon zest; Freshly ground black pepper; 4 1/2 pounds zucchini; 2 cloves garlic, minced; 2 teaspoons thyme, minced; 1 teaspoon rosemary, minced; 1 teaspoon sweet smoked Spanish paprika; Cherry tomatoes (20 large or 40 small); 2 bunches arugula; 1/2 cup crumbled feta, preferably French (about 3 ounces) | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the broiler. To make the dressing, in a small bowl mix the vinegar, mustard, honey, and salt. Whisk in 3 tablespoons olive oil. Season with the zest and pepper. Using a mandoline, slice the zucchini lengthwise into 1/8-inch thick pappardelle turning the zucchini and slicing on 4 sides only until the seeds in the center are reached. Discard the centers. In a small bowl combine the garlic, thyme, rosemary, and paprika with the remaining tablespoon of olive oil. Spread the zucchini slices on a large baking sheet and brush them with the garlic mixture. Broil for 3 minutes until light brown <END>
INPUT: vanilla bean, milk, heavy cream, lightly light sugar, egg yolks
OUTPUT: TITLE: Vanilla Ice Cream | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 vanilla bean; 1 1/2 cups milk; 1 1/2 cups heavy cream; 1 cup lightly packed light brown sugar, divided; 7 large egg yolks; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract | INSTRUCTIONS: Split the vanilla bean lengthwise. Scrape out the seeds. Put the seeds, pod halves, milk cream and 1/4 cup of the brown sugar in a heavy-bottomed medium saucepan. Bring just to the simmering point over low heat. In the meantime, combine the remaining 3/4 cup brown sugar, egg yolks and vanilla extract in a large bowl and whisk until just blended. While gently whisking the yolks, drizzle the hot cream mixture into them so that they are gradually warmed up. Return everything to the saucepan and cook while stirring with a wooden spoon. Make sure that you are constantly scraping the spoon across th <END>
INPUT: bisque, cream, butter, sugar, salt, vanilla bean
OUTPUT: TITLE: Banana Bisque | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cups cream; 1/4 cup butter; 1/4 cup sugar; Pinch salt; 1/4 vanilla bean; 2 bananas, sliced; Serving Suggestion: Coffee ice cream or granita | INSTRUCTIONS: Put all the ingredients in a pot, except the bananas, and bring to a boil. Chill overnight if making ahead of time. When ready to serve, warm the bisque through and add the sliced bananas. Place ice cream or granite in the center of a shallow bowl and surround it with the warm bisque. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, ceviche, shrimp, onion, Juice limes, aji amarillo paste, ginger
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spicy Shrimp-Tomato Ceviche | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/4 pounds large shrimp; 1/2 small red onion, thinly sliced; Juice of 3 limes; 1 to 2 tablespoons aji amarillo paste (Peruvian yellow pepper paste); 1 teaspoon grated peeled fresh ginger; 1/2 clove garlic, grated; Kosher salt; 1 medium heirloom tomato, chopped; 1/2 cup torn fresh cilantro | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring 2 inches of water to a boil in a large pot fitted with a steamer basket. Add the shrimp, cover and steam until just pink, 3 to 4 minutes (they'll finish cooking after you remove them from the heat). Spread out on a plate and refrigerate until cold, about 1 hour. Meanwhile, soak the red onion in ice water for 10 minutes; drain. Whisk the lime juice, pepper paste, ginger, garlic and 1 teaspoon salt in a large bowl until smooth. Peel, devein and roughly chop the shrimp; add to the bowl. Add the red onion, tomato and cilantro and toss. Refrigerate at least 30 minutes and up to 4 hours. Photo <END>
INPUT: Mexican, egg yolks, Key lime zest, Key lime juice, pure vanilla extract
OUTPUT: TITLE: Key Lime-Coconut Pie | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 4 large egg yolks; 2 teaspoons grated Key lime zest; 1 (14-ounce) can sweetened condensed milk; 1/4 cup plus 2 tablespoons fresh Key lime juice; 1/4 teaspoon pure vanilla extract; 8 whole graham crackers, broken into pieces; 1/4 cup sweetened coconut; 2 tablespoons light brown sugar; 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted; 1 1/2 cups very cold whipping cream; 1/4 cup plus 1 tablespoon coconut cream (recommended: Coco Lopez); 2 heaping tablespoons confectioners' sugar; 1 vanilla bean, seeds scraped; 1/2 cup sweetened coconut, lightly toasted, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: For the pie: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Whisk together the yolks, zest, condensed milk, lime juice, and vanilla in a bowl until smooth and thickened, about 2 minutes. Cover and set aside at room temperature for 20 minutes. Combine the graham crackers, coconut, and sugar in a food processor and process into fine crumbs. Add the butter and process until the mixture just comes together. Pat onto the bottom and sides of a 9-inch glass pie plate. Place on a baking sheet and bake until lightly golden brown and firm, about 10 minutes. Add the thickened filling to the warm crust, return to the <END>
INPUT: French, slaw, vegetable oil, tarragon vinegar, sugar, vegetable oil additional, Dijon mustard
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Red and Green Cabbage Slaw | CUISINE: French | INGREDIENTS: Nonstick vegetable oil spray; 1/2 cup tarragon vinegar; 1/2 cup sugar; 1/2 cup vegetable oil plus additional for brushing; 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh tarragon; 1 medium head of red cabbage (about 1 3/4 pounds), quartered through core; 1 medium head of green cabbage (about 13/4 pounds), quartered through core; 1 bunch green onions (about 6), trimmed | INSTRUCTIONS: Spray grill rack with nonstick spray. Prepare barbecue (medium-high heat). Whisk vinegar, sugar, 1/2 cup oil, mustard, and tarragon in medium bowl. Season dressing with salt and pepper. Brush cabbages and green onions with oil; sprinkle with salt and pepper. Grill cabbages until dark grill marks form, 3 to 4 minutes per side. Grill green onions until charred on 1 side, 2 to 3 minutes. Transfer vegetables to work surface. Chop green onions and cabbages; place in large bowl, discarding cores. Add dressing; toss to coat. Season slaw to taste with salt and pepper. Spray grill rack with nonstick sp <END>
INPUT: crunch, butter, water, granulated sugar, lecithin, almonds
OUTPUT: TITLE: Butter Crunch | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 pounds butter; 1/2-quart warm water; 2 pounds granulated sugar, plus 1/2-ounce; 1/4 teaspoon lecithin (emulsifier); 1/2 pound raw almonds, chopped, plus extra almonds, roasted and chopped, for garnish; 1/4-ounce table salt; 1/2-ounce granulated sugar; Melted chocolate, for garnish,optional | INSTRUCTIONS: Melt butter and bring to boil. Add warm water and return to boil. Add the 2 pounds of sugar and lecithin, stirring constantly, until mixture becomes homogenous. Add almonds and cook until almonds are roasted. Lower flame and cook to 300 degrees F. Take off heat; add salt and remaining 1/2-ounce granulated sugar until dissolved, stirring constantly. Pour onto greased baking sheet, spread out as thin as practical, score and cut. Option: Once cooled, dip in melted chocolate and sprinkle with roasted chopped almonds. <END>
INPUT: wedges, sweet potatoes, olive oil, chili powder, Kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Sweet Potato Wedges | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 large sweet potatoes; 1 tablespoon olive oil, plus more for finishing; 1 1/2 teaspoons chili powder; Kosher salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Place the sweet potatoes in a large pot and cover with cold water by 2 inches. Bring to a simmer over medium-high heat and cook just until the sweet potatoes can be easily pierced with a paring knife, 30 to 35 minutes. Remove the sweet potatoes from the water, let stand until cool enough to handle, then cut into 1/2-inch-thick wedges. Brush the wedges with the olive oil; sprinkle with the chili powder and a little salt. Preheat a grill to medium-high. Grill the sweet potato wedges, turning once, until well-marked on both sides, about 5 minutes per side. Remove to a platter. Drizzle with olive  <END>
INPUT: Mexican, spiced, moroccan, chicken breast halves, olive oil, onions, garlic, all purpose flour
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spiced Moroccan Chicken with Onions and Prunes | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 4 skinless boneless chicken breast halves; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1 3/4 cups chopped onions; 2 large garlic cloves, chopped; 1 tablespoon all purpose flour; 1 teaspoon ground ginger; 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1 teaspoon ground cumin; 2 cups canned low-salt chicken broth; 1 cup pitted prunes; 3 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 2 tablespoons honey; Chopped fresh cilantro | INSTRUCTIONS: Sprinkle chicken with salt and pepper. Heat oil in heavy large skillet over medium-high heat. Add chicken; sauté until brown and just cooked through, about 4 minutes per side. Using tongs, transfer chicken to plate. Add onions and garlic to same skillet. Sauté until onions begin to soften, about 3 minutes. Mix in flour, ginger, cinnamon and cumin; stir 1 minute. Gradually whisk in broth. Add prunes, lemon juice and honey. Boil until sauce thickens enough to coat spoon, whisking occasionally, about 8 minutes. Return chicken to skillet. Simmer until heated through, about 2 minutes. Season with s <END>
INPUT: Mexican, harissa, jalapeño chile, garlic, halibut mahi mahi, bell peppers, Olive oil brushing
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Halibut with Grilled Red Pepper Harissa | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 red jalapeño chile; 1 garlic clove, peeled; 4 5- to 6-ounce halibut or mahi-mahi fillets; 2 large red bell peppers, quartered lengthwise, seeded; Olive oil for brushing plus 1/4 cup; 2 teaspoons ground cumin, divided; 2 teaspoons ground coriander, divided; 1 lemon, halved | INSTRUCTIONS: Prepare barbecue (medium-high heat). Thread jalapeño and garlic clove onto metal skewer. Brush jalapeño, garlic, fish, and red bell peppers with oil; sprinkle with salt and pepper. Sprinkle fish with 1/2 teaspoon cumin and 1/2 teaspoon coriander. Grill fish, bell peppers,jalapeño, and garlic until vegetables are tender and charred and fish is just cooked through, about 4 minutes per side for fish and 8 minutes per side for vegetables. Grill lemon, cut side down, until charred, about 3 minutes. Transfer fish to plate and tent with foil to keep warm. Peel charred parts of skin from bell peppers  <END>
INPUT: American, salty, pepitas, all purpose flour, cornmeal, sugar, table salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fresh Pumpkin Pie with Salty Roasted Pepitas | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/4 cups all-purpose flour; 1/4 cup cornmeal; 1 tablespoon sugar; 1/2 teaspoon table salt; 8 tablespoons (1 stick) cold unsalted butter, cut into pieces; 3 tablespoons ice water; 1 large egg yolk; 1/2 cup raw pumpkin seeds; 1/2 teaspoon table salt; 1/4 teaspoon canola oil; 1 1/2 cups half-and-half; 2 large eggs; 1 15-ounce can pumpkin puree; 3/4 cup packed light brown sugar; 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. To make the crust, combine the flour, cornmeal, sugar and salt in the bowl of a food processor and pulse to combine. Add the butter and pulse 4 or 5 times, until the mixture resembles coarse crumbs. 2. In a small bowl, mix together the ice water and egg yolk. Add the egg mixture to the food processor, and pulse until the crumbs begin to climb the side of the bowl and hold their shape when pressed together. Turn the dough out onto a lightly floured work surface. Using your hands—and a little muscle—form the dough into a 5-inch-diameter disk. Wrap it in plastic wrap and refrigerate it for at  <END>
INPUT: gratin, Unsalted butter, day old sourdough, heavy cream, all purpose flour, capers
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cauliflower and Bacon Gratin | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Unsalted butter, for dish, plus 1/2 stick (4 tablespoons), cut into 1/2-inch pieces; 3 slices day-old sourdough bread or 2 cups bread crumbs; 3/4 cup heavy cream; 1 teaspoon all-purpose flour; 1/4 cup capers, rinsed and drained; 8 ounces bacon, cooked until crispy and cut into 1/2-inch pieces; 1 cup grated Gruyere, divided; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 pound cauliflower, trimmed and cut into florets; Olive oil, for drizzling | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Place an oven rack in the center of the oven. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Butter an 8 by 8-inch casserole dish. Set aside. In the bowl of a food processor, blend the bread until it forms into crumbs. In a large non-stick skillet, heat the butter over medium heat. Add the bread crumbs and cook, stirring constantly until all the butter has been absorbed and the bread crumbs are toasted, about 1 to 2 minutes. In a medium bowl, whisk together the cream and flour. Add the capers, bacon and 1/2 cup of the Gruyere. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Bring a m <END>
INPUT: remoulade, celery root, Lemon, mayonnaise, Dijon mustard, capers
OUTPUT: TITLE: Celery Root Remoulade | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 and 1/2 pounds celery root; Lemon; 2/3 cup mayonnaise; 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard; 2 teaspoons minced capers; 1 tablespoon minced parsley; 1 tablespoon minced cornichons; Salt and pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Peel celery root, chop it up roughly and grate in a food processor. Immediately toss with lemon juice, cover and refrigerate until the next day. When ready to eat, combine the mayonnaise, mustard, capers, parsley and cornichons; season with lemon juice to taste, salt and pepper and toss with grated celery root. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, chips, kosher salt, chipotle powder, chili powder
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chili Tortilla Chips | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 48 ounces (6 cups) peanut oil; 10 (6-inch) corn tortillas; 1 tablespoon kosher salt; 1/4 teaspoon ground chipotle powder; 1/4 teaspoon ground chili powder; 1/4 teaspoon ground cumin | INSTRUCTIONS: Pour the peanut oil into a large (11 x 4-inch) stainless steel pot fitted with a candy thermometer; you want the oil to be at least 1-inch deep. Heat the oil to about 380 degrees, or almost smoking. Cut the tortillas in quarters (they will seem large) and add them in batches to the hot oil without crowding them. Cook for 2 to 3 minutes, turning once to brown evenly. Remove the tortillas with a flat wire strainer or tongs and place them on a sheet pan lined with paper towels. Continue cooking the chips until they're all fried. Meanwhile, combine the salt, chipotle powder, chili powder, and cumi <END>
INPUT: vegetable stock, wine, thyme, garlic, shallot
OUTPUT: TITLE: Poached Salmon | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 cups vegetable stock; 1 cup dry white wine, such as Sauvignon Blanc; 2 sprigs fresh thyme; 2 cloves garlic, smashed; 1 shallot, sliced; 1 lemon, zested; Two 6-ounce pieces skin-on salmon; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; Arugula salad, for serving; Lemon slices, for serving; Olive oil, for drizzling | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine the stock, wine, thyme, garlic, shallot and lemon zest in a wide, deep pan and bring to a simmer. Add the salmon, a pinch of salt and a grind of pepper. Partially cover and simmer until the salmon is fully cooked, 8 to 10 minutes. Serve with an arugula salad, lemon slices and olive oil drizzled on top. <END>
INPUT: Italian, fonduta, tomato basil sauce, pepper flakes, basil, prosciutto, ball mozzarella
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mozzarella Fonduta | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: One 28-ounce jar tomato-basil sauce, such as Giada DeLaurentiis for Target; 1/2 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes; 1/4 cup chopped fresh basil; 4 ounces thinly-sliced prosciutto, chopped into 1/2-inch pieces; One 7- to 8-ounce ball fresh mozzarella, sliced into six1/4- to 1/3-inch-thick slices; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 3/4 cup (2 ounces) shredded Gruyere; Serving suggestion: grilled bread | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Special equipment: six 5-ounce ramekins In a small saucepan, bring the tomato-basil sauce and red pepper flakes to a simmer over medium heat. Cook uncovered until thick, 20 to 25 minutes. Remove the pan from the heat and stir in the basil. Preheat the broiler. Place six 5-ounce ramekins on a baking sheet. Divide the sauce equally among the ramekins. Divide the prosciutto among the ramekins. Place the slices of mozzarella between 3 paper towels to absorb any excess moisture. Place the slices of mozzarella on top of the prosciutto. Season with salt and pepper. Spri <END>
INPUT: pancakes, bacon, orange marmalade, orange juice, scallions, jalapeno pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Jalapeno-Cornmeal Pancakes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 8 strips thick-cut bacon; 1 12-ounce jar orange marmalade; 1/3 to 1/2 cup orange juice; 2 scallions, chopped; 1 jalapeno pepper, seeded and chopped; 8 strips thick-cut bacon; 1 12-ounce jar orange marmalade; 1/3 to 1/2 cup orange juice; 2 scallions, chopped; 1 jalapeno pepper, seeded and chopped; 1/2 cup blue cornmeal; 1/2 cup all-purpose flour; 2 teaspoons baking powder; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 2 tablespoons sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: Prepare the toppings: Fry the bacon in a medium nonstick skillet until crisp. Meanwhile, make the syrup: Heat the marmalade, 1/3 cup orange juice, the scallions and jalapeno in a small saucepan over low heat. Add more orange juice if the syrup is too thick. Keep warm. Prepare the pancakes: Whisk the cornmeal, flour, baking powder, salt and sugar in a large bowl. Stir in the egg, milk and canola oil until just combined. (The batter will be thin.) Fold in the diced jalapeno, parmesan and scallions. Heat a griddle or large skillet over medium heat and lightly oil it. Ladle 2 to 3 tablespoons batt <END>
INPUT: puree, onions, sweet potatoes, grade maple syrup, virgin olive oil, kosher salt, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Maple Sweet Potato Puree with Caramelized Onions | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 large sweet potatoes, peeled and chopped into rough chunks; 1/4 cup grade B maple syrup, plus 2 tablespoons; 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil, divided in 1/2; 2 teaspoons kosher salt, plus more for seasoning; 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, plus more for seasoning; 2 tablespoons butter; 1 large Vidalia or other sweet onion, thinly sliced; Hot water | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat oven to 375 degrees F. Place sweet potatoes, 1/4 cup of the maple syrup, 2 tablespoons of the olive oil, 2 teaspoons salt and 1 teaspoon pepper in a large mixing bowl. Toss to evenly coat and place on sheet tray. Roast in the preheated oven for 35 to 40 minutes or until sweet potatoes are soft. Be sure to check on them after 15 minutes and stir, if needed. Meanwhile, in a medium saucepan over medium-high heat, melt butter and add remaining 2 tablespoons of olive oil. Add the sliced onion, 2 tablespoons of maple syrup and season with salt and pepper, to ta <END>
INPUT: roast, dressing, Peking duck, kosher salt per, duck fat, onions, celery
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roast Duck with Oyster Dressing | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 5 to 5 1/2 pound Peking duck, giblets removed; 3 teaspoons kosher salt per pound of duck, approximately 1/3 cup; 1/4 cup duck fat; 1 1/2 cups chopped onions; 1 cup chopped celery; 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt; 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 1 pound stale cornbread, crumbled; 5 ounces oyster crackers, crumbled; 1 1/2 teaspoons dried thyme; 1 teaspoon dried sage; 2 eggs, lightly beaten; 1 pint small oysters with their liquor | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Put the duck, breast side down, on a cutting board and using kitchen shears, cut up 1 side of the spine, starting at the tail or pope's nose, all the way to the top. Turn the bird around and cut back down the other side of the spine, being careful not to cut into the thigh. Press down on the bird to flatten and make a shallow cut through the breastbone to further flatten the duck. Remove the neck flap and any extra pockets of fat. Turn the duck over, breast side up, and make a long slash in the skin and fat of each breast, making sure not to puncture the meat. Sp <END>
INPUT: paella, wine, saffron threads, salt, smoked paprika, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Quick Chicken Paella with Sugar Snap Peas | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup dry white wine; 1/2 teaspoon saffron threads; 1 1/2 teaspoons salt; 1 1/4 teaspoons smoked paprika*; 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 6 large chicken thighs with skin and bones, excess skin and fat trimmed (about 2 1/2 pounds); 4 ounces 1/4-inch-thick slices fully cooked smoked Spanish chorizo**; 1 tablespoon olive oil; 1 1/2 cups chopped onion (about 1 large); 4 garlic cloves, minced; 1 1/2 cups long-grain rice; 2 cups low-salt chicken broth; 1 14.5-ounce can diced tomatoes in juice; 1/4 cup chopped roasted red peppers from jar; 2 1/2 cups sugar snap peas, trimmed (about 8 ounces) | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 400°F. Mix white wine and saffron threads in small measuring cup; set aside. Combine salt, smoked paprika, and black pepper in small bowl; rub spice mixture all over chicken thighs. Heat heavy large ovenproof skillet over medium-high heat. Add chorizo and sauté until fat begins to render and sausage browns, stirring occasionally, about 3 minutes. Transfer chorizo to large plate. Add olive oil to skillet. Add chicken thighs to skillet and cook until browned, about 4 minutes per side. Transfer chicken to plate with chorizo. Pour off all but 1 tablespoon drippings from skillet. Re <END>
INPUT: dracula, salad, trimmed beets, wine vinegar, oranges, orange zest, orange juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Dracula's Beet and Orange Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 pounds trimmed beets (without tops), unpeeled; 1 tablespoon red wine vinegar; 12 oranges, rind and pith cut free with a serrated knife and sections cut away from the membranes; 1 teaspoon freshly grated orange zest; 1/3 cup fresh orange juice; 1/4 cup sugar; 1/2 cup distilled vinegar; 1/2 cup extra-virgin olive oil; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 red onions, thinly sliced; Chopped fresh flat-leaf parsley, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: In a pot, combine the beets with the red wine vinegar and enough cold water to cover them by 2 inches. Bring to a boil, lower the heat, and simmer until tender, about 40 minutes. Drain the beets and let them cool. (The beets may be cooked 1 day in advance and kept covered and chilled.) Peel the beets and cut them into 1-inch wedges. In a small saucepan, combine zest, orange juice, sugar, and vinegar and boil the mixture until it is reduced to about 1/4 cup. Let the mixture cool. In a large bowl, whisk together the orange mixture, oil, and salt and pepper to form a smooth dressing. Add the beet <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, nachos, handfulls pita chips, bell pepper, cherry tomatoes, kalamata olives, crumbled feta cheese
OUTPUT: TITLE: Greek Nachos | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 3 handfulls baked pita chips; 1 small red bell pepper, diced; 1/2 cup halved cherry tomatoes; 1/2 cup halved kalamata olives; 1/2 cup crumbled feta cheese; 1/2 cup plain greek yogurt; 2 small persian cucumbers, seeded and diced; 1 tablespoon lemon juice; 1/4 teaspoon kosher salt | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. Place the pita chips on a serving platter. 2. Top with the red bell pepper, tomatoes, olives, and cheese. 3. In a small bowl, stir together the yogurt, cucumbers, lemon juice, and salt. Drizzle all over the nachos. 1. Place the pita chips on a serving platter. 2. Top with the red bell pepper, tomatoes, olives, and cheese. 3. In a small bowl, stir together the yogurt, cucumbers, lemon juice, and salt. Drizzle all over the nachos. <END>
INPUT: Italian, Salt pepper, pureed garlic, assorted herbs, olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Herb Stuffed Leg of Lamb | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 (6 pound) boneless leg of lamb, with shank; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 3 tablespoons pureed garlic; 1/2 cup assorted chopped fresh herbs, such as parsley, oregano, basil, thyme, chives, mint; 2 tablespoons olive oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Ask a butcher to remove all bones, except shank, and to clean meat of all sinew and excess fat inside and out. Butterfly leg for stuffing. Preheat oven to 375 degrees F. Lay lamb flat on counter. Using a sharp knife, make several slits, about 2 inches long by 1/4 inch deep, so seasonings can penetrate meat. Sprinkle generously with salt and pepper. Spread garlic evenly on top, then cover with herbs. Roll meat to enclose stuffing and tie with string at 1 inch intervals, keeping the diameter of the roll the same so that the roast cooks evenly. Shank bone will protrude at one end. Generously seas <END>
INPUT: spritzer, sugar, berry preserves, soda water, aquavit vodka, lemon twists
OUTPUT: TITLE: Aquavit Spritzer | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon raw sugar; 3/4 cup berry preserves, preferably lingonberry; 4 cups soda water (32 ounces); 2 cups aquavit or vodka; 8 lemon twists | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine sugar and 1 tablespoon hot water in a pitcher. Stir to dissolve. Add preserves. Using a wooden spoon, stir to loosen preserves and mix with simple syrup. Gently stir in soda water and aquavit. Fill tumblers with ice. Divide aquavit spritzer equally among glasses and garnish each with a lemon twist. Combine sugar and 1 tablespoon hot water in a pitcher. Stir to dissolve. Add preserves. Using a wooden spoon, stir to loosen preserves and mix with simple syrup. Gently stir in soda water and aquavit. Fill tumblers with ice. Divide aquavit spritzer equally among glasses and garnish each with <END>
INPUT: Mexican, scramble, unsalted butter, poblano chile pepper, scallions, jalapeno pepper, corn kernels
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mexican Egg and Tortilla Chip Scramble | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1 poblano chile pepper, seeded and diced; 1 bunch scallions, sliced; 1 red jalapeno pepper, halved, seeded and thinly sliced; 1/2 cup fresh corn kernels; Kosher salt; 8 large eggs; 4 cups tortilla chips, slightly crushed; 1 cup shredded cheddar cheese (about 4 ounces); 1/4 cup fresh cilantro, torn, plus more for topping; Diced avocado, sour cream and pico de gallo, for topping | INSTRUCTIONS: Melt the butter in a 10-inch cast-iron skillet over medium-high heat. Add the poblano, scallions and jalapeno; cook, stirring occasionally, until slightly softened, 1 to 2 minutes. Add the corn and 3/4 teaspoon salt; cook, stirring occasionally, until the vegetables are soft, about 2 more minutes. Whisk the eggs with 1/4 cup water and 1/2 teaspoon salt in a large bowl. Add the eggs to the skillet and cook, stirring constantly with a rubber spatula to form large curds, until the eggs are softly scrambled, about 2 minutes. Add the tortilla chips, 3/4 cup cheese and the cilantro to the skillet; c <END>
INPUT: Mexican, omelet, corn, turkey bacon, virgin olive oil, jarred salsa verde, Kosher salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Egg White Omelet with Corn, Turkey Bacon, and Green Salsa | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 ear fresh corn, shucked; 2 slices turkey bacon; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1/3 cup jarred salsa verde (Mexican green chile sauce); Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 10 large egg whites (about 1 1/2 cups); 2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: Position a rack about 6-inches from the broiler, and preheat the broiler to high heat. Shear off the corn kernels with a sharp knife over a bowl¿you should have about 1/2 cup. Cook the turkey bacon in a medium nonstick skillet until crisp and brown on both sides, about 4 minutes. Transfer to a paper-towel lined plate, and set aside. Add the corn and 1 tablespoon of olive oil and cook until the corn is brown and begins to pop, about 4 minutes. Pour in the salsa verde and heat until simmering. Pour salsa into a bowl, crumble the bacon and add to the salsa. (Wipe out the skillet.) Warm the skille <END>
INPUT: Italian, pudding, unsalted butter, plain fine bread, milk ricotta, eggs, cinnamon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sweet Ricotta Pudding with Roasted Grapes | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, divided; 1 tablespoon plain fine dry bread crumbs; 1 2/3 cups whole-milk ricotta (15 ounces); 2 large eggs; 1/4 teaspoon cinnamon; 1/8 teaspoon salt; 5 tablespoons sugar, divided; 1 1/2 tablespoons pine nuts, toasted; 2 cups red seedless grapes (3/4 pound), halved; 1 tablespoon balsamic vinegar | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 375°F with racks in middle and lower third. Butter a 9-inch glass or ceramic pie plate with some of butter, then spread bread crumbs in plate to coat. Blend ricotta, eggs, cinnamon, salt, and 3 tablespoons sugar in a blender until very smooth, about 2 minutes. Pour batter into pie plate and sprinkle with nuts. Bake in middle of oven until puffed, golden, and just set, about 25 minutes. Cool pudding on a rack. While pudding bakes, toss grapes with remaining butter, remaining 2 tablespoons sugar, and vinegar in a small shallow baking pan and let macerate. Increase oven temperatur <END>
INPUT: olive oil, celery, onions, bell peppers, barbecue seasoning
OUTPUT: TITLE: Peas and Rice | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1 cup finely chopped celery; 1 cup finely chopped onions; 1/2 cup finely chopped green bell peppers; 1 tablespoon barbecue seasoning, such as Swamp Venom; 1 teaspoon salt; 1/4 teaspoon ground black pepper; 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped; 2 1/2 cups chicken broth; 2 bay leaves; 1 3/4 cups long grain rice; One 15-ounce can black-eyed peas; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh oregano; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh parsley | INSTRUCTIONS: In a medium pot set over medium heat, add the oil. Saute the celery, onions and green bell peppers for about 5 minutes. Stir in the seasoning, salt, pepper and garlic and cook for 1 minute. Add the broth and bay leaves and bring to a boil. Add the rice and peas. Cover and reduce the heat to a simmer until all liquid is absorbed, 15 to 20 minutes. Remove the bay leaves and add the oregano and parsley. Mix well and serve. <END>
INPUT: American, steaks, sauerbraten, virgin olive oil, butter, hash browns, onions, Salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sliced Steaks with Sauerbraten, Onion Hash Browns, Spiced Red Cabbage | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 6 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, plus more for the steak, divided; 2 tablespoons butter; 4 cups frozen shredded hash browns; 2 onions, 1 quartered and thinly sliced, 1 chopped; Salt; Freshly ground black pepper; 1 small or 1/2 large head red cabbage, shredded; 2 teaspoons caraway seeds; 2 teaspoons paprika; 1 fresh bay leaf; 1 (2 to 2 1/2-pound) piece London broil (bottom round) steak; 2 tablespoons brown sugar; 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar; 1 cup beef stock; 1/4 cup cream | INSTRUCTIONS: In a medium skillet over medium heat combine 2 tablespoons oil and 2 tablespoons butter. When butter melts into oil add hash browns and thinly sliced onions, season with salt and pepper. Cook 7 to 8 minutes, turn with spatula and press to crisp, cook 7 to 8 minutes more. Heat a large skillet with 2 tablespoons oil over medium to medium-high heat. Add cabbage, caraway, paprika, salt and pepper, cook stirring occasionally 2 to 5 minutes, until tender. While cabbage and potatoes are working, preheat broiler. Heat a small skillet over medium heat with 2 tablespoons oil. Add chopped onions and a ba <END>
INPUT: Mexican, scramble, guacamole, heavy cream, eggs egg beaters, chives, half half
OUTPUT: TITLE: Savory Scramble Tortillas with Guacamole Cream | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup store-bought guacamole; 1/2 cup heavy cream; 8 eggs or egg beaters; 2 tablespoons fresh chives, finely chopped; 1/2 cup half-and-half; Salt and pepper; 1 tablespoon butter; 4 slices Canadian bacon, diced; 4 store-bought flour tortillas; Fresh chives, chopped, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Spoon guacamole into a fine mesh sieve and push through into a small bowl. This will make the guacamole very smooth. Whisk in heavy cream. In a medium mixing bowl, whisk together the eggs and half-and-half. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. In a large frying pan over medium heat, melt the butter. Add Canadian bacon and cook until heated through. Pour in egg mixture, stirring often to create fluffy scrambled eggs. Remove from heat the moment eggs are done cooking. Heat the tortillas on paper towels in the microwave for 10 seconds. Divide egg mixture among the tortillas and roll up. Spoon g <END>
INPUT: soup, sweet butter, onion, celery, leek, Salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fresh Pea Soup with Mint and Creme Fraiche | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons sweet butter; 1 small onion, diced; 1 stalk celery, washed, diced; 1 leek, white only, washed, diced; Salt and pepper; 1 teaspoon curry powder; 1 bay leaf; 1/2 teaspoon dried thyme; 2 quarts chicken stock; 3 pounds fresh peas, shelled; 1 cup creme fraiche; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh mint | INSTRUCTIONS: In a soup pot melt butter and add onion, celery, leek, salt, and pepper. Cook vegetables for 5 minutes until translucent. Add curry powder and cook 2 minutes. In cheesecloth, combine bay leaf and thyme and tie to form an herb sachet. Add sachet of herbs to vegetables. Have stock simmering in saucepan. Add hot stock to vegetables, boil, reduce heat, and simmer for 20 minutes. Add peas and simmer for additional 10 minutes. Remove sachet of herbs and discard. With immersion blender, puree soup (or puree with care in batches in a conventional standing blender). Return soup and pot to heat, add cre <END>
INPUT: Mexican, peppers, vegetable oil, onion, bell pepper, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spicy Black Beans with Bell Peppers and Rice | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon vegetable oil; 1 large onion, diced; 1 cup chopped green bell pepper; 1 cup chopped red bell pepper; 3 large garlic cloves, chopped; 1 tablespoon ground cumin; 1 jalapeño chili, seeded, chopped; 1 teaspoon dried oregano; 2 15- to 16-ounce cans black beans, drained; 2 cups canned crushed tomatoes with added puree; 1/4 cup orange juice; 1 1/2 teaspoons hot pepper sauce (such as Tabasco); 1 1/3 cups rice, cooked | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat oil in heavy large skillet over medium-high heat. Add onion, bell peppers, garlic, cumin, jalapeño and oregano; sauté until vegetables begin to soften, about 8 minutes. Mash 1/2 cup beans. Add mashed beans, whole beans, tomatoes, orange juice and hot pepper sauce to skillet. Bring to boil, stirring frequently. reduce heat, cover and simmer 15 minutes. Uncover and simmer until reduced to thick sauce consistency, stirring occasionally, about 15 minutes. Season with salt and pepper. Mound rice in center of platter. Spoon black bean mixture over. Heat oil in heavy large skillet over medium-hi <END>
INPUT: Italian, marinara, sauce, Kosher salt, plum tomatoes, virgin olive oil, garlic, pepper flakes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spaghetti With Spicy Tuna Marinara Sauce | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: Kosher salt; 1 1/2 pounds plum tomatoes (6 to 8 tomatoes); 2 1/2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 3 cloves garlic, thinly sliced; 1/4 to 1/2 teaspoon red pepper flakes; 1/2 cup dry white wine; 12 ounces spaghetti; 1 5-ounce can light tuna packed in water, drained; Freshly ground pepper; 1/2 cup roughly chopped fresh basil | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Meanwhile, puree the tomatoes in a blender or food processor; set aside. Heat the olive oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Add the garlic and red pepper flakes and cook, stirring, until the garlic is just golden, about 2 minutes. Increase the heat to medium high, add the wine and cook until reduced by half, about 1 minute. Add the pureed tomatoes and 3/4 teaspoon salt and simmer, stirring, until the sauce thickens slightly, about 6 more minutes. Remove from the heat and keep warm. Add the pasta to the boiling water and cook as the label direct <END>
INPUT: Asian, soy sauce, vegetable oil, garlic, ginger
OUTPUT: TITLE: Seared Tofu with with Green Beans and Asian Coconut Sauce | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1 (14- to 16-oz) package firm tofu; 2 tablespoons soy sauce; 1/4 cup vegetable oil; 1 tablespoon finely chopped garlic; 1 tablespoon finely chopped peeled fresh ginger; 1/2 teaspoon dried hot red pepper flakes; 1 lb green beans, trimmed and cut into 2-inch-long pieces; 1 red bell pepper, cut into 1/4-inch-wide strips (2 inches long); 1 teaspoon salt; 1 (14- to 15-oz) can unsweetened coconut milk (not low-fat); 1 tablespoon fresh lime juice; 1/3 cup chopped salted roasted cashews; Accompaniment: rice noodles or rice | INSTRUCTIONS: Halve tofu lengthwise, then cut crosswise into 1/2-inch-thick slices and pat dry well. Put 1 tablespoon soy sauce in a wide shallow dish, then add tofu, turning to coat, and let stand 10 minutes. Pat tofu dry. Heat oil in a 12-inch heavy skillet over high heat until hot but not smoking, then add tofu in 1 layer and cook, turning over once, until tofu is browned, about 6 minutes total. Transfer with a slotted spoon to a large plate, reserving oil in skillet. Add garlic, ginger, and red pepper flakes to skillet and sauté, stirring, until fragrant, about 30 seconds. Add beans, bell pepper, and sa <END>
INPUT: Asian, shiitake mushrooms, reduced sodium soy, sugar, sesame seeds, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Soy-Glazed Shiitake Mushrooms | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 3 cups dried shiitake mushrooms (about 3 ounces); 1/3 cup reduced-sodium soy sauce; 1 tablespoon raw or brown sugar; 1/2 teaspoon toasted sesame seeds; freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring 3 cups dried shiitake mushrooms (about 3 ounces), 1/3 cup reduced-sodium soy sauce, 1 tablespoon raw or brown sugar, and 1 cup water to a boil in a small saucepan. Cover pan; reduce heat to medium-low. Simmer, stirring occasionally, until mushrooms are softened and all liquid is absorbed, 12-15 minutes. Let mushrooms cool slightly, then thinly slice. Transfer to a small bowl, add 1/2 teaspoon toasted sesame seeds, and season with freshly ground black pepper. Bring 3 cups dried shiitake mushrooms (about 3 ounces), 1/3 cup reduced-sodium soy sauce, 1 tablespoon raw or brown sugar, and 1 cu <END>
INPUT: frittata, toast, bananas, reduced fat milk, broccoli florets, wheat bread, low fat Swiss
OUTPUT: TITLE: Broccoli Frittata with Tomato Toast and Banana Milk | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 ripe bananas, sliced; 3 cups plus 1/3 cup reduced-fat milk; 2 cups broccoli florets; 5 slices whole wheat bread; 1/3 cup shredded low-fat Swiss; 1/4 cup fresh basil leaves; 2 large eggs plus 2 large egg whites; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 tablespoon olive oil; 2 cloves garlic, halved; 1 ripe tomato, cut into 4 slices | INSTRUCTIONS: Divide the sliced bananas among the four glasses, smash slightly and fill each glass with 3/4 cup of milk. Refrigerate until ready to serve. Combine the broccoli and 1 tablespoon water in a microwave-safe bowl. Cover with plastic wrap and microwave until crisp-tender, about 2 minutes. Let rest for a few minutes, carefully remove the plastic and drain. Tear up one slice of bread into small pieces and soak in the remaining 1/3 cup milk in a large bowl until soft, about 2 minutes. Add the broccoli, cheese, basil, eggs, 1/2 teaspoon salt and some pepper. Heat half of the oil in a medium nonstick p <END>
INPUT: Mexican, gazpacho, granita, tomatoes, bell pepper, orange bell pepper, English cucumber, cilantro
OUTPUT: TITLE: Gazpacho Granita with Chopped Gazpacho Salad, Avocado and Flame Grilled Shrimp in Jalapeno Cilantro  | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 8 ripe tomatoes, seeded and roughly chopped; 1 red bell pepper, seeded and roughly chopped; 1 orange bell pepper, seeded and roughly chopped; 1/2 English cucumber, roughly chopped; 1/4 cup cilantro, leaves roughly chopped; 1/2 cup vegetable juice; 2 tablespoons champagne vinegar; Kosher salt; 1 cup ripe cherry tomatoes, halved; 1 red bell pepper, seeded and finely diced; 1 orange bell pepper, seeded and finely diced; 1/2 English cucumber, finely diced; 1/2 red onion, finely minced; 1 green jalapeno, finely minced; 1 lime, zested and juiced | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: Bamboo skewers, soaked in water 30 to 45 minutes Granita: Add all the granita ingredients to a blender or food processor and puree. Strain the puree through a sieve into a medium bowl. Cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate for 30 to 45 minutes. Transfer the chilled puree into a wide, shallow, heavy-bottomed container. (The shallower and wider the container, the more room you give the granita to freeze quickly.) Cover with foil or plastic wrap and freeze until it begins to appear solid around the edges, about 1 hour. Using a fork, scrape the ice from sides, mixing in from t <END>
INPUT: gratineed, creamed, pearl onions, unsalted butter, all purpose flour, milk, cream Sherry
OUTPUT: TITLE: Gratineed Mustard Creamed Onions | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 pound white pearl onions; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 2 tablespoons all-purpose flour; 1 cup whole milk; 3 tablespoons cream Sherry; 1 tablespoon grainy mustard; 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard; 1/4 teaspoon grated nutmeg; 1/2 cup grated Parmigiano-Reggiano; Equipment: a 2-qt shallow gratin or other flameproof baking dish (2 inches deep) | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook onions in a large heavy pot of boiling salted water (2 teaspoons salt for 4 quarts water) until just tender, 25 to 30 minutes. Reserve 1 cup cooking water, then drain (reserve pot). Cool onions to warm, then peel. Melt butter in dry pot over medium heat. Add flour and cook, stirring, 2 minutes. Whisk in reserved cooking water, milk, and Sherry and cook, whisking frequently, until mixture is thickened, about 8 minutes. Whisk in mustards, nutmeg, and 1/2 teaspoon each of salt and pepper. Add onions to sauce and simmer 5 minutes. Preheat broiler. Transfer creamed onions to baking dish and sp <END>
INPUT: pudding, milk, sugar, eggs, vanilla extract
OUTPUT: TITLE: Challah Bread Pudding with Chocolate and Raisins | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 cups whole milk, warmed; 1 stick (8 tablespoons) butter, melted in microwave; 1 1/2 cups sugar; 6 eggs; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; 1 loaf challah bread, cut into 1 1/2-inch slices; 1 cup chocolate chips; 1/2 cup raisins; Chocolate Ganache, recipe follows | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Combine warmed milk and melted butter with the sugar, eggs, and vanilla in a large mixing bowl. Whisk until incorporated and smooth. Line a large baking dish with two-thirds of the challah slices. Sprinkle with half the chocolate chips and half the raisins. Top with remaining challah slices, layering them one on top of the other, and then remaining chocolate chips and raisins, making sure the chips and raisins get inside the layers created by the challah slices. Pour milk mixture slowly over the top of everything and let stand u <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, rainbow, virgin olive oil, garlic, shallot onion, oregano
OUTPUT: TITLE: Rainbow Bell Pepper Couscous | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon plus 1 teaspoon extra-virgin olive oil; 1 large clove garlic, minced; 1 large shallot or 1/2 small red onion, minced; 3 medium red, yellow, green or orange bell peppers or a mix, finely diced; 2 teaspoons finely chopped fresh oregano; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2/3 cup whole wheat couscous; Lemon wedges, for serving | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat the olive oil in a medium saucepan over medium heat; add the garlic and shallots and cook, stirring frequently, until fragrant, about 2 minutes. Add 2/3 cup water, the bell peppers, oregano, 1 teaspoon salt and pepper to taste, bring to a boil over high heat and cook until the peppers just begin to soften, 2 to 3 minutes. Stir in the couscous, immediately cover and remove from the heat. Let stand, covered, until the liquid is absorbed and the couscous is tender, about 7 minutes. Transfer to a platter or large bowl and serve with lemon wedges for squeezing. <END>
INPUT: Asian, cheesecake, gingersnap cookies, sugar, ginger, unsalted butter, good quality chocolate
OUTPUT: TITLE: White Chocolate-Ginger Cheesecake | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 13 ounces gingersnap cookies (about 50 cookies); 2 tablespoons sugar; 1 teaspoon ground ginger; 6 1/2 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, cooled; 1 pound good-quality chocolate (such as Lindt or Baker's), finely chopped; 4 8-ounce packages cream cheese, room temperature; 1/4 cup sugar; 4 large eggs, room temperature; 1 tablespoon vanilla extract; 1 teaspoon ground ginger; 2/3 cup minced crystallized ginger; White chocolate curls | INSTRUCTIONS: FOR CRUST: Butter 9-inch-diameter springform pan with 2 3/4-inch-high sides. Wrap outside of pan with 2 layers of heavy-duty foil. Finely grind cookies, sugar and ginger in processor. Add butter; blend until moist clumps form. Press onto bottom and up sides of pan. Chill while preparing filling. Butter 9-inch-diameter springform pan with 2 3/4-inch-high sides. Wrap outside of pan with 2 layers of heavy-duty foil. Finely grind cookies, sugar and ginger in processor. Add butter; blend until moist clumps form. Press onto bottom and up sides of pan. Chill while preparing filling. FOR FILLING: Posi <END>
INPUT: beets, carrots, Gala apples, piece ginger, lemon juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Beet Juice | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound beets, trimmed, cut into 1-inch pieces (about 3 medium); 8 ounces carrots, trimmed, cut into 1-inch pieces (about 2 large); 2 Gala apples, cored, cut into 1-inch pieces; One 2-inch piece ginger, peeled and halved; 2 tablespoons lemon juice | INSTRUCTIONS: Pass the beets, carrots, apples and ginger through a juicer. Strain through a fine-mesh sieve. Stir in the lemon juice. Pour into glasses and serve. <END>
INPUT: pudding, milk, short grain rice, fine salt, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Coconut Brown Rice Pudding | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 (13 1/2-ounce) cans light coconut milk; 3 1/4 cups milk; 3/4 cup short-grain brown rice; 1/4 teaspoon fine salt; 1/2 cup sugar; Serving suggestion: Brown sugar, sliced bananas, and Vanilla ice cream | INSTRUCTIONS: Put the coconut milk, milk, rice, salt and sugar in a small saucepan and bring to a boil over medium-high heat. Reduce the heat so the liquid simmers very gently. Cook uncovered, stirring occasionally, until rice is tender but chewy and absorbs most of the liquid, about 1 1/2 hours. Remove the pudding from the heat and transfer to a bowl, or divide among 4 to 6 individual bowls. Press plastic wrap directly on the surface of the pudding and cool in the refrigerator, about 1 hour. To serve, top with brown sugar, banana, and a scoop of ice cream. <END>
INPUT: madeleines, unsalted butter additional, loose tea tea, all purpose flour, baking powder, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Earl Grey Tea Madeleines with Honey | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 5 tablespoons unsalted butter plus additional for molds, room temperature; 2 tablespoons loose tea or tea from 2 tea bags (preferably Earl Grey); 3/4 cup all purpose flour; 1/2 teaspoon baking powder; Pinch of salt; 2 large eggs; 1/3 cup sugar; 2 tablespoons honey; 2 teaspoons vanilla extract; 1/2 teaspoon (packed) finely grated lemon peel | INSTRUCTIONS: Line small sieve with 2 layers of damp cheesecloth and set sieve over small bowl. Melt 5 tablespoons butter in saucepan over low heat. Mix in tea. Let stand 10 minutes, then pour into sieve. Twist cheesecloth tightly around tea mixture, releasing tea-flavored butter into bowl. Sift flour, baking powder, and salt into medium bowl. Using electric mixer, beat eggs and sugar in large bowl until thick, about 4 minutes. Add honey, vanilla, and lemon peel; beat 1 minute longer. Gently fold in dry ingredients, then tea-flavored butter. Press plastic wrap onto surface of batter; chill batter at least 3 <END>
INPUT: Mexican, beef, garlic, tomato sauce, chili powder, cumin
OUTPUT: TITLE: Simple, Perfect Chili | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2 pounds ground beef; 2 cloves garlic, chopped; One 8-ounce can tomato sauce; 2 tablespoons chili powder; 1 teaspoon ground cumin; 1 teaspoon ground oregano; 1 teaspoon salt; 1/4 teaspoon cayenne pepper; 1/4 cup masa harina*; One 15-ounce can kidney beans, drained and rinsed; One 15-ounce can pinto beans, drained and rinsed; Shredded Cheddar, for serving; Chopped onions, for serving; Tortilla chips, for serving; Lime wedges, for serving | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Place the ground beef in a large pot and throw in the garlic. Cook over medium heat until browned. Drain off the excess fat, and then pour in the tomato sauce, chili powder, cumin, oregano, salt and cayenne. Stir together well, cover, and then reduce the heat to low. Simmer for 1 hour, stirring occasionally. If the mixture becomes overly dry, add 1/2 cup water at a time as needed. After an hour, place the masa harina in a small bowl. Add 1/2 cup water and stir together with a fork. Dump the masa mixture into the chili. Stir together well, and then taste and adjus <END>
INPUT: twice, bacon, russet potatoes, Olive oil, Kosher salt, sharp Cheddar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cheddar and Bacon Twice Baked Potatoes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 8 slices bacon; 6 large russet potatoes, well-scrubbed and dried; Olive oil; Kosher salt; 4 ounces grated sharp Cheddar (1 cup); 4 green onions, sliced; 1/2 cup sour cream; 6 tablespoons unsalted butter; Freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Lay the bacon on a baking sheet and bake until crisp, about 25 minutes. Remove from the baking sheet to a paper-towel-lined plate. Crumble once cooled. Place the potatoes on a baking sheet. Drizzle lightly with olive oil and sprinkle with salt. Bake the potatoes until crisp on the outside and completely cooked through, about 1 hour. Remove from the oven and let cool for 5 minutes. Lower the oven temperature to 350 degrees F. Use a paring knife to cut a canoe shape from the top of each potato. Discard the top. Use a small spoon t <END>
INPUT: Asian, cooked, sake, ginger root, burdock root, Japanese mountain potato
OUTPUT: TITLE: Black Cod Cooked with Sake | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 36 ounces sake; 1 (7-ounce) black cod fillet; 6 slices peeled ginger root, plus shredded ginger, for garnish; 3 thick pieces burdock root; 3 thick pieces Japanese mountain potato; 3 ounces regular soy sauce; Pinch Japanese premium white sugar; 1 ounce mirin; 1 ounce tamari soy sauce; White scallion, for garnish; Kinome (available at Japanese markets), watercress or mint leaves could be substituted | INSTRUCTIONS: In a medium pot, bring sake to a boil and cook for 5 minutes. Add black cod, ginger slices, burdock root and mountain potato. Then add regular soy and sugar and cook with a lid right over the fillet, not over the pot. This lid must be slightly smaller than the rim of the pot so that steam can evaporate through the gap. When the vegetables and black cod are cooked through, remove them from the pot and boil the sauce until thickened slightly and reduced. Add mirin for glazing. Then add tamari soy. Place the fillet on a plate, garnish it with cooked vegetables. Pour the sauce over them. Garnish w <END>
INPUT: skewers, virgin olive oil, Italian parsley leaves, rosemary leaves, garlic, Salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Rosemary Skewers of Shiitake Mushroom, Broccoli and Garlic Cloves | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 2 teaspoons finely chopped Italian parsley leaves; 1 teaspoon finely chopped fresh rosemary leaves; 1 teaspoon finely chopped garlic; Salt and pepper; 1 head broccoli, cut into florets, blanched; 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 20 garlic cloves; 10 rosemary sprigs; 20 shiitake mushrooms, stems removed; 1 pound Cambozola cheese, to serve | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Combine the marinade ingredients in a bowl and set aside. Blanch the broccoli in boiling salted water for 2 minutes. Drain and cool. In a small skillet over medium heat, add the olive oil and cook the garlic cloves until they are golden and soft. Set aside until cool enough to handle. To make the skewers: Remove the leaves from the bottom 2/3 of the rosemary sprigs and reserve them for future use. Skewer a mushroom, broccoli floret and a roasted garlic clove onto each rosemary sprig. Put the completed skewers on a baking sheet, brush them with the marinade, and s <END>
INPUT: American, french, batch Mashed Potatoes, Caramelized Onions, Gruyere cheese, homemade Croutons, russet potatoes
OUTPUT: TITLE: French Onion Mashed Potatoes | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 batch Mashed Potatoes, recipe follows (or use your favorite recipe); 1 cup Caramelized Onions, recipe follows; 1 cup shredded Gruyere cheese; 1/2 cup store-bought or homemade Croutons, coarsely crushed, recipe follows; 2 pounds russet potatoes (about 4 medium), peeled and cut into 1-inch pieces; 1 teaspoon kosher salt, plus more as needed; 3/4 cup whole milk; 4 tablespoons (1/2 stick) unsalted butter; Freshly ground black pepper; Freshly grated nutmeg, optional; 3 tablespoons butter; 2 large onions, thinly sliced; Pinch sugar; Kosher salt; Freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: To the Mashed Potatoes, add the Caramelized Onions and Gruyere, reserving 2 tablespoons of each for garnish. Transfer to a serving bowl and garnish with the crushed Croutons and the reserved cheese and onions. In a large saucepan, combine the potatoes, 1 teaspoon salt and enough cold water to cover. Bring to a boil over high heat. Lower the heat to maintain a simmer, and cook until fork tender, about 10 minutes. Drain the potatoes and return to the pan. Shake the pan over medium heat for about a minute to dry the potatoes. Transfer the potatoes to a food mill, ricer or bowl. Put the milk and b <END>
INPUT: cheesecake, bars, vegetable oil, graham crackers, sugar, cinnamon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Dulce de Leche Cheesecake Bars | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Nonstick vegetable oil spray; 2 1/4 cups finely ground graham crackers (from about 17 whole graham crackers); 2 tablespoons sugar; 1/4 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 10 tablespoons (1 1/4 sticks) unsalted butter, melted; 3 8-ounce packages Philadelphia-brand cream cheese, room temperature; 1 cup sugar; 3 large eggs; 1/2 cup purchased dulce de leche*; 2 teaspoons vanilla extract; 2/3 cup purchased dulce de leche; 3 tablespoons (or more) heavy whipping cream; Fleur de sel** | INSTRUCTIONS: For crust: Preheat oven to 350°F. Coat 13 x 9 x 2-inch metal baking pan with nonstick spray. Mix graham cracker crumbs, sugar, and cinnamon in medium bowl. Add melted butter; stir until coated. Transfer crumb mixture to pan. Press evenly onto bottom of pan. Bake until crust is light golden, about 10 minutes. Cool completely on rack. Preheat oven to 350°F. Coat 13 x 9 x 2-inch metal baking pan with nonstick spray. Mix graham cracker crumbs, sugar, and cinnamon in medium bowl. Add melted butter; stir until coated. Transfer crumb mixture to pan. Press evenly onto bottom of pan. Bake until crust i <END>
INPUT: Mexican, fajita, pita, low sodium soy, lime juice, honey, cumin, cayenne pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Skirt Steak Fajita Pita with Chimichurri | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup low-sodium soy sauce; 1/4 cup lime juice (about 2 limes); 2 tablespoons honey; 1/2 to 1 teaspoon ground cumin; 1/4 to 1/2 teaspoon cayenne pepper; 4 cloves garlic, smashed; Salt and freshly cracked black pepper; 2 pounds skirt steak; 1/2 to 1 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar; 2 limes, juiced; 2 small cloves garlic, grated; 1 jalapeno, seeds and ribs removed, minced; 1 small red onion, minced; 2 cups fresh cilantro with tender stems, chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: For the marinade: Whisk the soy sauce, lime juice, honey, cumin, cayenne, garlic and some salt and pepper in a bowl. Place the steak in a large freezer bag or a baking dish and pour the marinade over it. Marinate the steak at least 30 minutes and up to 3 hours in the refrigerator. For the chimichurri: Whisk together the oil, red wine vinegar, lime juice, garlic, jalapeno and red onions. Add the herbs and toss to combine. Set aside until ready to build the sandwich. Heat a grill pan to high heat. Remove the meat from the marinade, let any excess drip from the meat so it is not overly wet. Grill <END>
INPUT: johnnycakes, peekytoe crabmeat other, mayonnaise, chives, lemon juice, milk
OUTPUT: TITLE: Johnnycakes with Peekytoe Crab | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 9 ounces fresh peekytoe crabmeat or other fresh crabmeat; 3/4 cup mayonnaise; 1/3 cup chopped fresh chives; 1 1/2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 1 1/3 cups whole milk; 1 1/3 cups water; 3/4 cup plus 2 tablespoons polenta or coarsely ground cornmeal; 1 tablespoon butter; 1/2 teaspoon salt; Vegetable oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Mix crabmeat, mayonnaise, chives, and lemon juice in medium bowl to blend. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Cover and refrigerate. (Can be made 8 hours ahead. Keep refrigerated.) Bring milk and 1 1/3 cups water to boil in heavy large saucepan over medium-high heat. Gradually whisk in polenta, then butter and salt. Remove batter from heat; let stand 10 minutes, stirring occasionally. Lightly butter large rimmed baking sheet. Heat large nonstick griddle or skillet over medium-high heat. Brush lightly with vegetable oil. Working in batches, spoon 1 tablespoonful batter for each cake onto gri <END>
INPUT: American, fudgy, cake, Crisco® Original No, Crisco® Pure Vegetable, tbsps. water, egg
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fudgy Peanut Butter Brownie Cake | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: Crisco® Original No-Stick Cooking Spray; 1 (12.35 oz.) pkg. Pillsbury® Reduced Sugar Chocolate Fudge Brownie; 1/3 cup Crisco® Pure Vegetable Oil or 1/3 cup Crisco® Puritan Canola Oil with Omega-3 DHA; 3 tbsps. water; 1 large egg; 3/4 tsp. almond extract; 1 cup Jif® Extra Crunchy Peanut Butter; 1/3 cup chopped peanuts; 1 (11.75 oz.) jar Smucker's® Hot Fudge Sugar Free Ice Cream Topping; Mints leaves for garnish, if desired | INSTRUCTIONS: HEAT oven to 350 degrees F. Coat bottom of an 8-inch round cake pan lightly with no-stick cooking spray. PREPARE brownie mix as directed on package using oil, water and egg. Stir in almond extract, peanut butter and peanuts until blended. Spread batter evenly into prepared pan. BAKE 40 to 42 minutes or until a toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean. Cool 10 minutes. Remove from pan to wire rack to cool completely. PLACE cake on serving platter. Stir fudge topping until smooth. Spread over cake, covering top and sides. Place the tip of a frosting knife at the center of cake, pulling t <END>
INPUT: American, empanadas, all purpose flour, fine sea salt, egg, egg yolk
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pear and Cheese Empanadas | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups all-purpose flour; 1/2 teaspoon fine sea salt; 6 ounces (1 1/2 sticks) unsalted butter, cut into small pieces, at cool room temperature; 1 large egg; 1 large egg yolk; 2 tablespoons iced water; Filling:; 1 teaspoon walnut oil; 1 teaspoon olive oil; 1 1/2 cups ripe, peeled, cored (1/2-inch dice) D'Anjou pears; 4 ounces crumbled blue cheese; 1/2 cup toasted, coarsely chopped walnuts (see Note, above); 1 tablespoon chopped fresh sage; 1 teaspoon fine sea salt; 1/8 teaspoon freshly ground white pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Dough: Mix the flour and salt in a medium bowl and make a well in the center. Place the butter, egg and yolk in the well. Rub the mixture between your fingertips until it forms a crumbly mass. Sprinkle with the water and knead in the bowl until it comes together into a dough. (If the dough seems too moist, sprinkle with additional flour, and knead it in briefly.) Divide the dough into 2 thick disks, and wrap each in plastic wrap. Refrigerate until chilled, about 2 hours.; Filling: In a medium skillet, heat the walnut and olive oils over high heat. Add the pears and cook, stirring occasionally, <END>
INPUT: good mayonnaise, Dijon mustard, grain mustard, sour cream, kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mustard Mayo | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cups good mayonnaise; 3 tablespoons Dijon mustard; 1 1/2 tablespoons whole-grain mustard; 1/3 cup sour cream; 1/4 teaspoon kosher salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Whisk the mayonnaise, mustards, sour cream and salt together in a small bowl. Serve at room temperature. <END>
INPUT: Italian, risotto, low sodium chicken, porcini mushrooms, butter, onion, Arborio rice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Gorgonzola and Porcini Mushroom Risotto | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 4 cups low-sodium chicken stock; 1 1/2 ounces dried porcini mushrooms; 3 tablespoons butter; 1 medium onion, diced; 1 1/2 cups Arborio rice; 1/2 cup dry white wine; 1/2 cup grated Parmesan; 3/4 cup (3 ounces) Gorgonzola, crumbled; 1/4 cup chopped fresh chives; 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt; 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: In a medium saucepan, bring the stock to a boil over medium-high heat. Add the porcini mushrooms. Remove the pan from the heat and set aside for 30 minutes until the mushrooms are tender. Using a slotted spoon, remove the mushrooms and set aside. Reheat the stock to a simmer and keep warm over low heat. In a large, heavy saucepan, melt 2 tablespoons of the butter over medium-high heat. Add the onion and mushrooms and cook until the onions are tender but not brown, about 3 minutes. Add the rice and stir to coat with the butter. Add the wine and simmer until the wine has almost evaporated, about <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, sandwiches, jarred Italian tuna, celery, onion, cornichons, lemon juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tuna and Hummus Sandwiches | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 14 ounces jarred or canned Italian tuna in olive oil; 1/4 cup minced celery; 2 tablespoons minced yellow onion; 2 tablespoons minced cornichons; 2 tablespoons freshly squeezed lemon juice; 2 tablespoons good mayonnaise; 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard; 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt; 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; Sourdough bread, halved and sliced 1/2 inch thick; Hummus, store-bought or homemade (recipe follows); Fresh radishes, sliced; 2 cups canned chickpeas, drained, liquid reserved (15.5-ounce can); 1/3 cup tahini or sesame paste; 4 teaspoons minced garlic (4 cloves) | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Drain the oil from the tuna, reserving the oil. Place the tuna in a mixing bowl and flake it with a fork. Add the celery, onion, cornichons, lemon juice, mayonnaise, 2 tablespoons of the reserved oil, the mustard, salt, and pepper and mix well. Cover and refrigerate for a few hours to allow the flavors to develop. Toast the bread and spread each slice with a layer of hummus. Spread the tuna salad on each piece of bread, garnish with slices of radish, and serve immediately. For the Hummus: Place the chickpeas, 2 tablespoons of the reserved liquid, the tahini, garl <END>
INPUT: jelly, water, sachets powdered gelatin, cream coconut, milk
OUTPUT: TITLE: Coconut Jelly | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup warm water; 4 sachets powdered gelatin (just shy of 4 tablespoons); 3 cups cream of coconut; 1/2 cup whole milk; Nonstick cooking spray; 2 cups canned pineapple chunks in sweetened juice; 1/2 cup maraschino cherries with stems | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Begin by blooming the gelatin. In a small bowl, add the water and slowly pour in the gelatin powder, stirring well until fully incorporated. Set aside. In a medium saucepan over medium-high heat, add the coconut cream and milk. Stir well with a whisk to combine. Bring to a simmer then stir in the gelatin mixture. Once the mixture comes to a boil, reduce the heat and simmer for 2 to 3 minutes. Spray an 8 by 8-inch nonstick square cake pan with a little nonstick spray (this will help hold down the plastic wrap). Line the cake pan with plastic wrap (1 sheet across 1 <END>
INPUT: Mexican, cincinnati, dogs, vegetable oil, onion, beef, chili powder, cinnamon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cincinnati Chili Dogs with Chocolate | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 TBSP vegetable oil; 1/2 cup chopped onion; 2 pounds ground beef; 1/4 cup chili powder; 1 tsp. ground cinnamon; 1 tsp. ground cumin; 1/4 tsp. ground allspice; 1/4 tsp. ground cloves; 1 bay leaf; 1/2 (1 ounce) square unsweetened chocolate; 2 (10.5 ounce) cans beef broth; 1 (15 ounce) can tomato sauce; 2 TBSP cider vinegar; 1/4 tsp. ground cayenne pepper; 1/4 cup shredded Cheddar cheese | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. Heat oil in a large saucepan over medium heat. Add onion and cook, stirring frequently, until tender, about 6 minutes. 2. Add beef, in batches if necessary, and cook, breaking up with a wooden spoon, until browned. 3. Add chili powder, cinnamon, cumin, allspice, cloves, bay leaf, chocolate, beef broth, tomato sauce, cider vinegar, and red pepper. Stir to mix well. Bring to a boil. Reduce heat to low; cover and simmer 1 1/2 hours, stirring occasionally. 4. It is the best if you now refrigerate overnight. <END>
INPUT: soup, shallots, olive oil, salt, water
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pea Soup with Crème Fraîche | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 medium shallots, chopped; 1 teaspoon olive oil; 1 (4-ounce) boiling potato, peeled and cut into 1/2-inch pieces; 1 teaspoon salt; 3 1/2 cups water; 1 pound frozen baby peas (3 1/2 cups), thawed; 1 tablespoon crème fraîche or sour cream, either one mixed with 1 teaspoon water | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook shallots in oil in a 3-quart heavy saucepan over moderate heat, stirring, until softened, about 2 minutes. Add potato and salt and cook, stirring, 2 minutes. Add water and simmer, covered, until potato is tender, about 15 minutes. Add peas and simmer, uncovered, 2 minutes. Purée in batches in a blender (use caution when blending hot liquids), then force through a very fine sieve into a saucepan. Reheat soup and season with salt and pepper. Drizzle servings with crème fraîche. Cook shallots in oil in a 3-quart heavy saucepan over moderate heat, stirring, until softened, about 2 minutes. Ad <END>
INPUT: dozen, Crisco® Virgin Olive, lemon juice, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lemon and Garlic Steamed Mussels | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 dozen fresh, small to medium-sized mussels; 3 tablespoons Crisco® Extra Virgin Olive Oil; 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 2 cloves garlic, minced | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. PLACE mussels in large skillet without water. Cover and cook over medium heat, removing the mussels to a warm platter as they open. Discard any that do not open. 2. REDUCE liquid in the skillet to about 2 or 3 tablespoons. Return mussels to skillet. Sprinkle with olive oil, lemon juice and garlic. Heat for 1 minute. 3. SERVE immediately with crusty bread for dunking. <END>
INPUT: puree, fava beans, Yukon Gold potato, onion, carrot, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Dried Fava and Potato Puree with Dandelion Greens | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 8 ounces dried fava beans* (about 1 1/2 cups); 1 1/4 cups coarsely chopped peeled Yukon Gold potato (about 5 ounces); 3/4 cup coarsely chopped white onion; 1/2 cup coarsely chopped peeled carrot; Pinch of salt; 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, divided; 1 bunch dandelion greens (10 to 11 ounces), bottom 2 inches of stems trimmed and discarded, greens cut crosswise in half; 1 garlic clove, peeled, halved; Large pinch of dried crushed red pepper; Freshly grated Parmesan cheese | INSTRUCTIONS: Place fava beans in medium bowl. Pour enough water over to cover by 2 inches. Cover and let soak at room temperature overnight. Drain fava beans. Peel off outer shell and skin from beans and discard. Place fava beans in large saucepan. Add 8 cups water, potato, onion, and carrot and bring to boil, skimming off any foam that rises to surface with large spoon. Reduce heat to medium; add pinch of salt and simmer uncovered until beans are very soft, stirring occasionally and adding more boiling water as needed to keep beans submerged, about 1 hour 45 minutes. Drain. Transfer bean mixture to proces <END>
INPUT: royale, Cognac brandy, vanilla bean, crème de cassis, bottles brut Champagne
OUTPUT: TITLE: Kir Royale with Vanilla Cognac | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup Cognac or brandy; 1 large vanilla bean, split lengthwise; 1/2 cup crème de cassis (black-currant-flavored liqueur); 3 750-ml bottles brut Champagne | INSTRUCTIONS: Pour 1 teaspoon vanilla Cognac and 2 teaspoons crème de cassis into each of 12 Champagne glasses. Fill glasses with Champagne and serve. Pour 1 teaspoon vanilla Cognac and 2 teaspoons crème de cassis into each of 12 Champagne glasses. Fill glasses with Champagne and serve. <END>
INPUT: menu, cakes, packages chicken sausages, water, virgin olive oil, cubanelle peppers, Salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sweet and Savory Menu: Rosemary Corn Cakes with Prosciutto and Chicken Sausages with Hot and Sweet P | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 packages chicken sausages, any flavors or brand, such as sun-dried tomato or garlic; 2 cups water, eyeball it; Extra-virgin olive oil, 2 tablespoons, 2 turns of the pan; 2 large cubanelle peppers (long, Italian light green sweet peppers), seeded and thinly sliced; Salt and pepper; 4 hot red cherry peppers, chopped; A splash of hot pepper juice; 1 box (8 1/2 ounces) corn muffin mix (recommended: Jiffy); 1 egg; 3 tablespoons butter, divided; 3/4 cup milk; 2 to 3 tablespoons finely chopped fresh rosemary leaves; 4 slices prosciutto, chopped; 1/2 cup honey | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat a griddle or nonstick skillet over medium heat. Prick sausages with a fork and place in a large skillet then add 1-inch of water to the pan. Add 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil to the pan then bring water up to a boil then reduce the heat to medium. Let the sausages cook until the liquid evaporates 10 minutes. Work on the corn cakes, see below. Move the sausages off to 1 side of the pan to allow the casings to crisp and brown. Add peppers to the other side of the pan, season with salt and pepper and let them cook until just tender. Add hot peppers to sweet peppers and combine and  <END>
INPUT: Asian, bisque, olive oil, crawfish, all purpose flour, garlic, onions
OUTPUT: TITLE: Crawfish Bisque | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup olive oil; 10 pounds crawfish, boiled, peeled and shells and tail meat reserved; 2 tablespoons all-purpose flour; 4 cloves garlic, chopped; 2 onions, chopped; 2 stalks lemongrass, chopped; 1 stalk celery, chopped; 1 bulb fennel, chopped; 1 thumb ginger, chopped; 1/4 cup white rice; 1 tablespoon tomato paste; 1 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes; 1 bay leaf; 1 sprig thyme; 1/4 cup brandy | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat the olive oil in a large soup pot set over high heat. Crush the crawfish shells and add to the pot, cook for 15 minutes while stirring frequently. Add the flour to the pan and stir, then add the garlic, onions, lemongrass, celery, fennel and ginger. Reduce the heat to medium and cook for 15 minutes. Add the rice, tomato paste, red pepper flakes, bay leaf and thyme. Stir and cook for another 5 minutes. Add the brandy and cook for several minutes while stirring. Add the stock and the cream, and stir. Increase the heat to medium-high and bring the soup to a boil, then reduce the heat to a sl <END>
INPUT: primavera, virgin olive oil, garlic, shallots, zucchini, carrots
OUTPUT: TITLE: Primavera Orzo | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 2 cloves garlic, chopped; 2 shallots, chopped; 1 small zucchini, chopped; 1 cup shredded carrots, chopped; 1 teaspoon curry powder; 3 cups chicken stock; 1 cup orzo pasta; 1/2 cup grated Parmigiano-Reggiano; 3 tablespoons chopped flat-leaf parsley, a handful; 1 cup frozen peas; Salt and pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat a medium skillet over medium high heat. Add extra-virgin olive oil, 2 turns of the pan in a slow stream. Add garlic, shallots, zucchini and carrots. Saute 5 minutes. Add curry, chicken broth and bring to a boil. Add orzo and bring to a boil. Cover and reduce heat to medium. Cook, stirring occasionally until pasta absorbs the liquid and is al dente in texture, 10 minutes. Uncover and stir in cheese, parsley and peas. Season with salt and pepper, to your taste. <END>
INPUT: Indian, stew, morning, leg lamb into, olive oil, garlic, onions, habanero chiles seeds
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lamb Stew with Sautéed Morning Glory | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 3 pounds boneless leg of lamb cut into 1-inch pieces; 2 tablespoons olive oil, plus more for drizzling; 4 garlic cloves chopped; 2 red onions sliced; 2 habanero chiles seeds and ribs removed, chopped; 1 teaspoon coriander seeds; 1 teaspoon ground cumin; 1 tablespoon chopped thyme; 1 cup unsalted, roasted, skinless peanuts coarsely chopped; 5 cups chicken stock; 1 cup coconut milk; Zest of 1 lemon; Juice of 2 lemons; About 1 yam peeled and cut into 1/2-inch cubes (1 cup); About 1 medium Yukon Gold potato peeled and cut into 1/2-inch cubes (1 cup) | INSTRUCTIONS: 1 Bring 4 quarts water to a boil in a large pot. Add the lamb and reduce the heat to a simmer. Cook for 10 minutes. Strain and pat dry. 2 Heat the 2 tablespoons olive oil in a large Dutch oven over medium heat. Add the garlic, onions, chiles, coriander seeds, cumin, thyme, and peanuts and toast until the peanuts are golden and the onions are translucent, about 5 minutes. Add the lamb, chicken stock, and coconut milk and bring to a simmer. Cook for 1 hour. 3 Add the lemon zest, lemon juice, yams, potatoes, and tomatoes and simmer until the potatoes are tender, about another 20 minutes. Stir in  <END>
INPUT: Indian, sauce, vegetable oil, onion, garlic, curry powder, unsweetened coconut milk
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sea Bass with Coconut-Curry Sauce | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon vegetable oil; 1 medium onion, thinly sliced; 4 garlic cloves, minced; 4 teaspoons curry powder; 2 13 1/2- to 14-ounce cans unsweetened coconut milk; 1 cup chicken stock or canned low-salt chicken broth; 2 medium carrots, peeled, cut into matchstick-size pieces; 4 5- to 6-ounce sea bass fillets; 4 green onions, thinly sliced | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat oil in heavy medium saucepan over medium heat. Add onion, garlic and curry powder. Sauté mixture until onions are translucent, about 4 minutes. Mix in coconut milk and stock; bring to boil. Reduce heat to medium-high and boil until liquid is reduced to thin sauce consistency, about 50 minutes. Add carrots; simmer until crisp-tender, about 3 minutes. Remove from heat; keep warm. Preheat broiler. Place fish on baking sheet; sprinkle with salt and pepper. Broil fish until just opaque in center, about 8 minutes. Using metal spatula, transfer fish to plates. Spoon sauce over fish. Sprinkle wit <END>
INPUT: oozing, maitre, unsalted butter, shallots, Coarse sea salt, peppercorns, Dijon mustard
OUTPUT: TITLE: Seared Porterhouse with Oozing Maitre d' Butter | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, plus 8 additional tablespoons, softened; 1 cup minced shallots; Coarse sea salt; 2 teaspoons green peppercorns; 2 teaspoons Dijon mustard; 1/2 teaspoon lemon juice, plus a "few grates" lemon zest; 2 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce; Freshly ground black pepper; 2 tablespoons freshly chopped parsley leaves; 2 porterhouse steak, about 2 1/2 pounds and about 2 1/2 inches thick | INSTRUCTIONS: Make the butter: In a medium saute pan, heat 2 tablespoons of the butter over medium heat, then add the shallots. Season with salt, to taste, and cook until they are translucent, 3 to 5 minutes. Transfer the shallots to a medium bowl. Add the green peppercorns, mustard, lemon juice, lemon zest and Worcestershire sauce. Whisk to blend so all of the flavors start to meld together. Use a fork to blend in the other 8 tablespoons of butter. Season with salt and pepper, to taste, and stir in the parsley. Roll the butter into a cylinder (like cookie dough) in plastic wrap or parchment pepper and refr <END>
INPUT: skin, bites, new potatoes, vegetable oil, Mexican chorizo, Monterey Jack cheese, onions
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mexican Potato Skin Bites | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 20 small new red potatoes; 1 tablespoon vegetable oil; 6 ounces Mexican chorizo, removed from casing; 1/2 cup shredded Monterey Jack cheese; 2 green onions, thinly sliced crosswise; Sour cream, for serving | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Heat the oven to 425 degrees F and arrange a rack in the upper third. Place potatoes on a baking sheet, drizzle with oil, season with salt, and toss to coat. Roast until potatoes are fork tender, about 30 minutes. Set potatoes aside until cool enough to handle. Meanwhile, heat a medium nonstick frying pan to medium heat and cook chorizo, stirring occasionally, until browned, about 5 minutes. Set aside. Slice potatoes in half and, using a melon baler or small spoon, scoop out most of the interior (leave about 1/4-inch of potato flesh). Divide chorizo among the ski <END>
INPUT: American, oven, sandwiches, unsalted butter, potato sandwich bread, Cheddar cheese, crisply bacon, scallions
OUTPUT: TITLE: Oven Grilled Bacon Cheddar Sandwiches | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, room temperature; 8 slices potato sandwich bread; 8 ounces sliced Cheddar cheese; 8 slices crisply cooked bacon; 4 scallions, halved lengthwise and cut into 1 inch pieces | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. Preheat oven to 375 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with aluminum foil and set aside. 2. Butter one side of each piece of bread. Place 4 slices, buttered-side down, on prepared baking sheet. Layer half of cheese slices on bread followed by bacon and scallions. Place remaining cheese slices on top. Cover each sandwich with remaining 4 slices of bread, buttered side up. 3. Bake sandwiches until bottoms are a toasted golden brown, about 10 minutes. Flip and continue to bake until cheese melts and other side is toasted, 8 to 10 more minutes. Serve immediately. <END>
INPUT: salad, crisp apples, Juice lemon, virgin olive oil, shallots, Kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Apple-and-Ham Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 crisp apples (such as Cortland); Juice of 1 lemon; 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 5 shallots, thinly sliced; Kosher salt; 2 tablespoons apple cider vinegar; 2 tablespoons dijon mustard; 1/4 cup sour cream; 1/2 pound deli-sliced Black Forest ham, torn into pieces; 2 bunches watercress, trimmed; 4 endives, sliced crosswise; Freshly ground pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Thinly slice the apples. Toss with the lemon juice in a large bowl. Make the dressing: Heat the olive oil in a skillet over medium heat. Add the shallots and 1/2 teaspoon salt and cook, stirring occasionally, until golden, about 8 minutes. Whisk in the vinegar and mustard; remove from the heat and let cool slightly. Whisk in the sour cream and 1/4 cup water. Add the dressing to the bowl with the apples. Add the ham, watercress and endives. Season with salt and pepper and toss to coat. Photograph by Con Poulos <END>
INPUT: American, pimento, cheese, virgin olive oil, onion, shallot, kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pimento Cheese Bites with Cream of Tomato Dip | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil; 1/2 cup diced onion; 1 large shallot, minced; 1 teaspoon kosher salt; 1 can (28-ounce) can whole tomatoes in juice, chopped (retain juice); 1 tablespoon tomato paste; 1 cup vegetable broth; 1 bay leaf; 1/4 cup chopped fresh basil; 1/2 teaspoon dried thyme leaves or 1 teaspoon fresh; 2 tablespoons white rice flour; 1 cup plain soymilk; 1/4 cup soymilk creamer; 1 teaspoon sugar, optional; Freshly ground black pepper to taste | INSTRUCTIONS: To make the dip, heat the olive oil over medium-low heat in a 4-quart soup pot. Add the onions and shallots, and sauté until softened and clear, about 8 minutes. Add the salt, tomatoes, tomato juice, tomato paste, broth, bay leaf, basil, and thyme. Bring to a boil, lower to a simmer, and cook for 30 minutes. Mix the rice flour with the soymilk and the soy creamer. Whisk into the tomato mixture and simmer 5 minutes more. Remove the bay leaf. Puree the dip in 2 batches in a blender until smooth and creamy. At this point, taste the soup. If you think it needs to be sweeter, add the sugar, then se <END>
INPUT: American, mores, graham crackers, heavy cream, Nutella, semisweet bittersweet chocolate, unsalted butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Coffee S'mores Pie | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 9 whole graham crackers, ground finely in a food processor; 2 tablespoons heavy cream; 2 tablespoons Nutella; 1 ounces semisweet or bittersweet chocolate, melted; 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, melted; 12 ounces semisweet or bittersweet chocolate (do not exceed 61% cacao), finely chopped; 2 tablespoons (1/4 stick) unsalted butter, cut into 1/2" cubes; 1 1/4 cups heavy cream; 2 tablespoons finely ground coffee beans; 2 large egg whites; 1/2 cup sugar; Special equipment: One 9" metal or glass pie dish; a kitchen torch (optional) | INSTRUCTIONS: For graham cracker crust: Mix graham cracker crumbs and remaining ingredients in a small bowl to blend. Press mixture onto bottom and up sides of pie dish; chill until crust is firm, about 30 minutes. Mix graham cracker crumbs and remaining ingredients in a small bowl to blend. Press mixture onto bottom and up sides of pie dish; chill until crust is firm, about 30 minutes. For coffee ganache: Place chocolate and butter in a large bowl. Bring cream, coffee, and 2 tablespoons water to a boil in a small saucepan. Remove from heat; cover and let steep for 5 minutes. Strain cream mixture through a  <END>
INPUT: Mexican, beef, tenderloin, filet mignon steaks, Thirty rosemary stems, olive oil, light sugar, Worcestershire sauce light
OUTPUT: TITLE: Marinated Beef Tenderloin Skewers with Mustard Horseradish Cream | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2 pounds filet mignon steaks, about 1 1/2-inches thick; Thirty 3-inch rosemary stems, leaves removed from bottom ends; 1/4 cup olive oil; 1 tablespoon packed light brown sugar; 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce 1 tablespoon packed light brown sugar; 2 teaspoons mustard powder; 2 teaspoons ground cumin; 1 teaspoon coarse salt; 1/2 teaspoon ground black pepper; 5 cloves garlic, smashed and chopped 1/4 cup olive oil; 2 small limes, juiced; 1 cup sour cream; 1/3 cup prepared horseradish; 2 tablespoons spicy mustard; 1/4 teaspoon salt | INSTRUCTIONS: For the tenderloin skewers: Cube the meat into 2-inch pieces and skewer with rosemary sprigs. Place in a shallow dish and set aside. In a small bowl, whisk to combine the olive oil, light brown sugar, Worcestershire sauce, mustard powder, cumin, salt, pepper, garlic and lime juice. Pour the marinade over the meat, making sure to coat all the pieces. Cover and let marinate for 30 minutes. For the mustard horseradish cream: Meanwhile, in a small bowl, stir to combine the sour cream, horseradish, mustard, salt and pepper. Heat a grill for cooking over medium-high heat. Grill the skewers until coo <END>
INPUT: Mexican, beef shoulder, Kosher salt pepper, onions, garlic, chipotle peppers adobo
OUTPUT: TITLE: Beef Chili with Red Beans and Chocolate | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 3 pounds beef shoulder, cut in large cubes; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 medium onions, diced; 5 garlic cloves, halved; 3 canned chipotle peppers in adobo, chopped; 1 jalapeno, chopped; 1/2 cup Ancho Chili Powder, recipe follows; 1 (28-ounce) can whole tomatoes; 2 tablespoons tomato paste; 2 (15 1/2-ounce) cans kidney beans, drained and rinsed; 1/4 cup cornmeal; 1 tablespoon grated unsweetened chocolate; 3 cups shredded white Cheddar, for serving; 16 saltine crackers, for serving; 3 ancho chiles, seeded and hand-torn into pieces | INSTRUCTIONS: Making chili is nothing more than mounting layers of flavor and letting them all simmer together. Get in the habit of tasting recipes in stages; this way if something is not quite right, adjustments can be made on the spot. Season the beef shoulder all over with salt and pepper then put it in a large soup pot. Add enough water to cover by 1 inch, about 3 quarts, and place over medium heat. Bring to a boil and skim off any foam that rises to the surface. Mix in the onions, garlic, chipotles, and jalapeno. Stir in the Ancho Chile Powder. Pour the entire can of tomatoes, with the liquid, into a b <END>
INPUT: Indian, cake, dates, brandy, unsalted pistachios, crystallized ginger
OUTPUT: TITLE: Date, Pistachio and Cardamom Cake | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound pitted dates (about 30 dates); 1 cup brandy; 1/2 cup whole unsalted pistachios, shelled; 1/4 cup chopped crystallized ginger; Cooking spray; 1 1/4 cup all-purpose flour; 2 teaspoons ground cardamom; 2 teaspoons ground coriander, optional; 1 1/2 sticks unsalted butter, at room temperature; 3/4 cup fine sugar; 3 eggs, at room temperature; 2 tablespoons molasses; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; Pinch of salt; Whipped cream, optional for serving | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: Special equipment: 8- by 3-inch round springform pan Coarsely chop the dates in a food processor. Transfer to a 32-ounce jar. Add the brandy, pistachios and ginger. Seal, and then shake until well combined. Store the mixture in a cool, dry place away from direct sunlight for 3 days, shaking once a day. Preheat the oven to 300 degrees F. Spray an 8- by 3-inch round springform pan with cooking spray and line the bottom and sides with wax paper. Have the wax paper go a little taller than the sides of the pan. In a small bowl, sift together the flour, cardamom and coriander (if  <END>
INPUT: compote, wine, Sherry, honey, firmly light sugar, pink grapefruits
OUTPUT: TITLE: Blood Orange, Grapefruit, and Pomegranate Compote | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cups dry white wine; 1/4 cup dry Sherry; 1/4 cup honey; 1/2 cup firmly packed light brown sugar; 6 pink grapefruits; 3 blood oranges or 1 1/2 navel oranges; 1 pomegranate | INSTRUCTIONS: In a saucepan bring white wine, Sherry, honey, and sugar to a boil, stirring until sugar is dissolved. Transfer syrup to a heatproof bowl and chill until cold. Cut peel and pith from grapefruits and oranges and cut fruit into sections, discarding membranes. Halve pomegranate and squeeze gently to yield seeds with juice. Divide citrus sections, pomegranate seeds and juice, and wine syrup among 6 dessert bowls and chill, covered, at least 15 minutes and up to 1 hour. Stir compote before serving. <END>
INPUT: Italian, brochettes, melon, olive oil, shallot, water mozzarella balls
OUTPUT: TITLE: Brochettes of Melon, Prosciutto, and Fresh Mozzarella | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup olive oil; 1/3 cup (packed) fresh basil leaves plus sprigs for garnish; 1 medium shallot, quartered; 1 small (about 2-pound) cantaloupe, halved crosswise, seeded, cut into 6 wedges, peeled; 6 small fresh water-packed mozzarella balls or one 8-ounce ball,* drained; 6 thin slices prosciutto, cut in half lengthwise, gathered into ruffle; 6 8-inch wooden skewers | INSTRUCTIONS: Using on/off turns, puree olive oil, 1/3 cup basil, and shallot in processor until basil and shallot are finely chopped. Cut each cantaloupe wedge crosswise in half. If using large mozzarella ball, trim and cut into 6 cubes. Alternate 1 melon piece, 1 piece ruffled prosciutto, 1 mozzarella ball or cube, 1 more prosciutto piece, and 1 more melon piece on each skewer. (Can be prepared 2 hours ahead; cover and refrigerate. Bring to room temperature 15 minutes before serving.) Arrange skewers on platter. Drizzle with basil oil and sprinkle with cracked black pepper. Garnish with basil sprigs. Usin <END>
INPUT: mini, german, milk, granulated sugar, vanilla extract, orange zest, eggs
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mini German Pancakes with Apple-Calvados Caramel Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup milk; 1 heaping tablespoon granulated sugar; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; 1 teaspoon finely grated orange zest; 6 eggs; 1 cup all-purpose flour; 4 tablespoons butter, melted and cooled; 1/2 teaspoon salt; Nonstick cooking spray; Apple-Calvados Caramel Sauce, recipe follows; 1/4 cup powdered sugar mixed with 1 heaping teaspoon ground cinnamon; 4 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1 Gala apple, peeled, cored and diced; 1 Granny Smith apple, peeled, cored and diced; 1 cup packed light brown muscovado sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Combine the milk, sugar, vanilla, zest and eggs in a blender and blend until smooth. Add the flour, butter and salt and blend until completely smooth, about 1 minute. Spray muffin tins well with nonstick cooking spray and pour 1/4 cup batter into each tin, filling about three-quarters full. Bake until puffy and golden on top, about 15 minutes. Remove and let sit on a baking rack for a few minutes. Remove the individual pancakes to a platter. The pancakes will sink slightly in the center. Fill with some of the Apple-Calvados Caramel Sauce and dust with cinnamo <END>
INPUT: stock, onion, leek top, garlic, shiitake mushrooms, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mushroom Stock | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 yellow onion, thinly sliced; 1 leek top, chopped and washed; 4 garlic cloves, in their skin, crushed with the side of a knife blade; 1 ounce dried shiitake mushrooms; 1 teaspoon salt; 1/2 teaspoon peppercorns; 1/2 pound white mushrooms, sliced; 2 small carrots, chopped; 6 parsley sprigs, coarsely chopped; 3 fresh thyme sprigs; 2 fresh marjoram or oregano sprigs; 2 fresh sage leaves; 2 bay leaves; 9 cups cold water | INSTRUCTIONS: Pour just enough water into the stockpot to start the onions cooking. Add the onion, leek top, garlic, shiitake mushrooms, and salt. Give the vegetables a stir, then cover the pot and cook gently over medium heat for 15 minutes. Add the remaining ingredients and cover with 9 cups cold water. Bring the stock to a boil, then simmer, uncovered, for 1 hour. Pour the stock through a strainer, pressing as much liquid as you can from the vegetables, then discard them. Pour just enough water into the stockpot to start the onions cooking. Add the onion, leek top, garlic, shiitake mushrooms, and salt. G <END>
INPUT: Italian, pasta, onion, garlic, hot pepper flakes, basil, orégano
OUTPUT: TITLE: Baked Pasta with Tomatoes, Shiitake Mushrooms, and Prosciutto | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups finely chopped onion; 2 large garlic cloves, minced; 1/4 teaspoon dried hot red pepper flakes, or to taste; 1 teaspoon dried basil, crumbled; 1 teaspoon dried orégano, crumbled; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1 pound fresh shiitake mushrooms, stems discarded and the caps sliced; 1/2 stick (1/4 cup) unsalted butter; 3 tablespoons all-purpose flour; 2 cups milk; two 28-ounce cans Italian tomatoes, drained well and chopped; 1/4 pound thinly sliced prosciutto, cut into strips; 1/4 pound Italian Fontina, grated (about 1 cup); 1/4 pound Gorgonzola, crumbled (about 1 cup); 1 1/2 cups freshly grated Parmesan | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large skillet cook the onion, the garlic, the red pepper flakes, the basil, and the orégano in the oil over moderately low heat, stirring, until the onion is softened. Add the mushrooms, cook the mixture over moderate heat, stirring, for 10 to 15 minutes, or until the mushrooms are tender, and transfer the mushroom mixture to a large bowl. In the skillet melt 3 tablespoons of the butter over moderately low heat, whisk in the flour, and cook the roux, stirring, for 3 minutes. Add the milk in a stream, whisking, and simmer the mixture, whisking, for 2 minutes, or until it is thickened. Pour <END>
INPUT: tartar, salmon, chives, cornichons, dill, grain mustard
OUTPUT: TITLE: Salmon Tartar | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 ounces salmon, cut into 1/4-inch dice; 1 tablespoon chives, finely chopped; 1 tablespoon finely chopped cornichons; 1 tablespoon dill, fronds picked and finely chopped; 1 tablespoon whole-grain mustard; 1 tablespoon finely chopped red onion; Zest of 1 lemon, finely chopped; Kosher salt; 1/2 baguette, cut on the bias into 1/2-inch-thick rounds; 1 clove garlic, peeled; Extra-virgin olive oil; 1 cup baby arugula | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: 3-inch ring mold Combine the salmon, chives, cornichons, dill, mustard, onions and lemon zest in a medium bowl and season with salt. Chill until ready to use. Preheat a grill pan to medium-high heat. Rub the baguette slices with the garlic, and then drizzle with olive oil and season with salt. Grill the bread until toasted and slightly charred. Lightly dress the arugula with olive oil and season with salt. Fill the ring mold with the tartar, and then remove the mold. Garnish with the dressed arugula on top and serve with crostini. <END>
INPUT: flavored, vanilla bean, powdered sugar, almond extract, hulled
OUTPUT: TITLE: Flavored Butter | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 vanilla bean, split in half lengthwise; 1 tablespoon powdered sugar; 1/2 teaspoon almond extract; 1/4 cup (1 stick) unsalted butter, not cold; 1/2 cup hulled, sliced strawberries or 1/2 cup raspberries or 1/2 cup blueberries | INSTRUCTIONS: Using a paring knife scrape vanilla seeds into a food processor and add sugar, almond extract, butter and pulse until mixture is smooth. Serve on toast. For the berry butters add berries with other ingredients pulse until smooth. Place in small ramekins for serving. <END>
INPUT: cranberries, sole fillets, Salt pepper, Olive oil, Wine Mustard Sauce, olives
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pan-Seared Sole with a White Wine Mustard Sauce and Zucchini Fritters and Rice Almandine with Cranbe | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 sole fillets; Salt and pepper; Olive oil, for sauteing; White Wine Mustard Sauce, recipe follows; Green olives, chopped; Zucchini Fritters, recipe follows; Rice Almandine, recipe follows; 1 cup white wine; 1 cup yellow mustard; 1 cup heavy cream; 3 zucchini; Salt; 1 egg, beaten; 1/2 cup Italian bread crumbs; 1 clove garlic, minced | INSTRUCTIONS: Remove skin the sole fillets with a knife, leaving only the white flesh of the fish. Season each fillet on both sides with salt and pepper. In a large saute pan, heat just enough olive oil to cover the bottom of the pan, over high heat. Place the sole fillets in the pan and sear both sides until they are slightly brown and cooked through. Top each fillet with the white wine mustard sauce and diced green olives. Plate with Zucchini Fritters and Rice Almandine. In a medium sized saute pan, reduce the wine by 1/2 over medium-high heat. Add the mustard and the cream and stir thoroughly until the f <END>
INPUT: sangaree, superfine sugar, ale, Nutmeg
OUTPUT: TITLE: Ale, Porter or Stout Sangaree | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 teaspoon superfine sugar; Chilled ale, porter or stout; Nutmeg | INSTRUCTIONS: Put the sugar in a 12-ounce tumbler and add just enough water to dissolve it. Fill with well-chilled ale, porter or stout. No ice is used. Dust the top of the drink with a little nutmeg. Put the sugar in a 12-ounce tumbler and add just enough water to dissolve it. Fill with well-chilled ale, porter or stout. No ice is used. Dust the top of the drink with a little nutmeg. <END>
INPUT: Italian, onions, crimini, butternut squash, vegetable broth
OUTPUT: TITLE: Butternut Squash and Mushroom Lasagna | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup (1/2 stick) unsalted butter; 2 1/2 cups chopped onions; 1/2 pound crimini (baby bella) mushrooms, sliced (about 3 cups); 2 pounds butternut squash, peeled, seeded, cut into 1/4-inch-thick slices (about 5 1/2 cups); 1 14-ounce can vegetable broth; 4 tablespoons chopped fresh thyme, divided; 4 tablespoons sliced fresh sage, divided; 3 15-ounce containers whole-milk ricotta cheese; 4 cups grated mozzarella cheese, divided; 2 cups grated Parmesan cheese, divided; 4 large eggs; Olive oil; 1 9-ounce package no-boil lasagna noodles | INSTRUCTIONS: Melt butter in large skillet over medium-high heat. Add onions; sauté until soft, about 8 minutes. Increase heat to high; add mushrooms and cook until tender, stirring constantly, about 3 minutes. Season with salt and pepper. Transfer mushroom mixture to bowl; set aside. Add squash, broth, 3 tablespoons thyme, and 3 tablespoons sage to same skillet. Cover and simmer over medium heat until squash is just tender, about 6 minutes. Uncover and cook until squash is very soft but still retains shape, about 5 minutes. Season with salt and pepper. Mix ricotta, 2 cups mozzarella cheese, 1 1/2 cups Parm <END>
INPUT: soup, sugar, assorted fruit, raspberry strawberry sorbet, sparkling wine, Mint garnish
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sparkling Wine Fruit Soup with Sorbet | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons sugar; 4 cups assorted sliced fruit; 1 pint raspberry or strawberry sorbet; 1/2 bottle sparkling wine; Mint for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large bowl, toss the sugar with the fruit. To plate, place 1 scoop of sorbet in the middle of four shallow soup bowls. Spoon fruit around the sorbet. Pour champagne over the fruit. Garnish with a sprig of mint. <END>
INPUT: sangria, seedless grapes, Delicious apples, fruity wine, apple juice, pineapple juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: White Sangria | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 pound seedless green grapes, stems removed; 1 - 2 Red Delicious apples, cored and thinly sliced; 3 cups fruity white wine; 1 cup apple juice; 1 cup pineapple juice; 2 cups ice cubes | INSTRUCTIONS: In a pitcher combine grapes, apples, and white wine. Let sit for 1 to 2 hours. Pour in the apple and pineapple juices. Add the ice cubes and serve. <END>
INPUT: pinwheel, batch Sugar Cookies, unsweetened chocolate, vanilla extract, egg yolk, peppermint extract
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate Peppermint Pinwheel Cookies | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 batch Sugar Cookies, recipe follows; 3 ounces unsweetened chocolate, melted; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; 1 egg yolk; 1 teaspoon peppermint extract; 1/2 cup crushed candy canes or peppermint candies; 3 cups all-purpose flour; 3/4 teaspoon baking powder; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 1 cup unsalted butter, softened; 1 cup sugar; 1 egg, beaten; 1 tablespoon milk; Powdered sugar, for rolling out dough | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Divide the dough in half and add chocolate and vanilla to 1 half and incorporate with hands. Add egg yolk, peppermint extract, and crushed candy to other half of dough and incorporate with hands. Cover both with plastic and chill for approximately 5 minutes. Roll out doughs separately to approximately 1/4-inch thickness. Place peppermint dough on top of chocolate and press together around the edges. Using waxed paper or flexible cutting board underneath, roll dough into log. Wrap in wax paper and refrigerate for 2 hours. Preheat oven to 375 degrees. Remove dough  <END>
INPUT: French, vinaigrette, good quality wine, Dijon mustard, honey, kosher salt, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Creamy Dijon Vinaigrette | CUISINE: French | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup good-quality red or white wine vinegar; 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard; 1 tablespoon honey; 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt; 1/2 garlic clove; 1/2 cup vegetable oil; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; Freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Pulse 1/4 cup good-quality red or white wine vinegar, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 1 tablespoon honey, 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt, and 1/2 garlic clove in a blender to combine. With motor running, slowly add 1/2 cup vegetable oil, then 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil. Season to taste with salt and freshly ground black pepper. Pulse 1/4 cup good-quality red or white wine vinegar, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 1 tablespoon honey, 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt, and 1/2 garlic clove in a blender to combine. With motor running, slowly add 1/2 cup vegetable oil, then 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil. <END>
INPUT: French, salad, Good olive oil, Kosher salt pepper, broccoli florets, good mayonnaise
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mustard Chicken Salad | CUISINE: French | INGREDIENTS: 2 whole (4 split) chicken breasts, bone-in, skin-on; Good olive oil; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 cups broccoli florets; 1 1/2 cups good mayonnaise; 2 tablespoons dry white wine; 1/4 cup Dijon mustard; 3 tablespoons whole-grain mustard; 2 tablespoons minced fresh tarragon leaves; 1 cup cherry or grape tomatoes, halved | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Place the chicken breasts on a sheet pan and rub the skin with olive oil. Sprinkle liberally with salt and pepper. Roast for 35 to 40 minutes, until the chicken is just cooked. Set aside until cool enough to handle. Remove the meat from the bones, discard the skin, and dice the chicken in large bite-size pieces. Meanwhile, add the broccoli florets to a large pot of salted boiling water. Cook for 1 minute, until crisp tender, drain, and place into a bowl of ice water until cool. This will stop the cooking and set the bright green color. For the dressing, whisk <END>
INPUT: American, spiced, skin almonds, clover honey, sugar, allspice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Stone Fruit with Farmer's Cheese and Spiced Honey Almonds | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: Nonstick cooking spray; 2 cups skin-on almonds; 1/4 cup clover honey; 2 tablespoons sugar; 1/2 teaspoon ground allspice; Pinch freshly grated nutmeg; Fine sea salt; 4 to 6 ripe yet firm stone fruits, such as peaches, nectarines and plums, halved and pitted; Canola oil, for brushing; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 cup farmer's cheese | INSTRUCTIONS: For the spiced honey almonds: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Lightly spray a baking sheet with nonstick spray. Spread the almonds on the prepared baking sheet, then transfer to the oven and toast lightly, 8 minutes. Combine the honey, sugar, allspice, nutmeg and a pinch of salt in a small saucepan over medium heat. Bring to a simmer and cook until the sugar melts. Put the toasted almonds in a small bowl and toss with half of the honey mixture until evenly coated; reserve the remaining spiced syrup. Using a heat-proof spatula (the mixture will be hot), spread the coated almonds in an even l <END>
INPUT: Mexican, onions, roasted poblano, celery, bell peppers, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Bison Chili | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 4 cups diced onions; 1 roasted poblano, seeded and diced; 1/2 cup diced celery; 2 cups diced bell peppers; 1/2 cup minced garlic; 2 1/2 pounds ground Bison; 9 ounces dark chili powder; 1 tablespoon cumin; 1 tablespoon cayenne pepper; 1 (10-pound) can diced tomatoes; 1 (5-pound) can kidney beans; 1 (5-pound) can black beans; 24 ounces tomato-vegetable juice | INSTRUCTIONS: Saute onions, poblanos, celery, bell peppers, and garlic until translucent. Add meat and saute together. Mix together chili powder, cumin, and cayenne pepper and add to meat and vegetable mixture. Add diced tomatoes, kidney beans, and black beans. Add tomato-vegetable juice. Let simmer for 40 minutes, stirring occasionally. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, california, grapeseed vegetable oil, halibut fish, Salt pepper, all purpose flour, egg wash
OUTPUT: TITLE: California Fish and Chips | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2 quarts grapeseed or vegetable oil, for frying; 3 pounds halibut or firm white fish, cut in 5 to 6 portions; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 cups all-purpose flour; 1 quart egg wash (equal parts whole eggs and milk, mixed well); 2 cups panko breadcrumbs; 6 lemons halves, for serving; Chips, recipe follows; Guacamole, recipe follows; 6 each, medium count Idaho potatoes; 1/2 gallon vegetable oil; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 cup ripe avocado; 1 tablespoon lemon juice; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro | INSTRUCTIONS: Pour enough oil to fill a deep-fryer about a third of the way. Heat the oil to 350 degrees F. Pat the fish dry with paper towels. Sprinkle the fish with salt and pepper. Dip the fish in flour and tap off the excess flour. Then dip the fish into the egg wash and then the breadcrumbs, ensuring to coat evenly. Repeat the process with each fillet, then carefully drop the coated fish in the fryer. Cook the fish in batches until golden brown on both sides, 6 to 7 minutes. Remove from the fryer and place on paper towels to drain excess oil. Serve lemons on the side. Serve with choice of Chips and Gua <END>
INPUT: Asian, soup, low sodium chicken, piece ginger, soy sauce, Chinese Shaoxing rice, balsamic vinegar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chinese Dumpling Soup | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 8 cups low-sodium chicken broth; 1 2-inch piece fresh ginger, peeled and julienned; 1 tablespoon soy sauce, preferably dark; 1/4 cup Chinese Shaoxing rice wine, dry sherry or white vermouth; 1 tablespoon balsamic vinegar; 2 teaspoons toasted sesame oil; 1 teaspoon sugar; Kosher salt; 2 carrots, thinly sliced (about 1 cup); 1 pound frozen Chinese dumplings, pork or shrimp (about 24); 3 scallions, white and green parts, thinly sliced; 4 cups baby spinach | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring the broth, ginger, soy sauce, wine, vinegar, sesame oil, sugar and a pinch of salt to a boil in a soup pot over high heat. Lower the heat and simmer about 10 minutes. Add the carrots and cook until just tender, about 5 minutes. Add the dumplings and cook until just tender, about 3 minutes. Stir in the scallions and spinach and cook until wilted, about 1 minute. <END>
INPUT: beignets, sweet potato, butternut squash, cinnamon, anise seeds, active yeast
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sweet Potato Beignets | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 medium sweet potato, peeled and chopped; 1/2 small butternut squash, peeled, seeded and chopped; 3 cinnamon sticks; 1 teaspoon anise seeds; 1 teaspoon active dry yeast; Pinch of kosher salt; 2 cups all-purpose flour; 1/2 cup turbinado sugar; 1/4 cup molasses; 1 3 -inch strip orange zest; 1/2 teaspoon fresh lemon juice; Vegetable oil, for frying | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine the sweet potato, squash, 2 cinnamon sticks, 1/2 teaspoon anise seeds and 2 cups water in a saucepan. Bring to a boil over medium-high heat, then reduce the heat to medium low, cover and cook until the vegetables are tender, about 15 minutes. Remove the vegetables with a slotted spoon, transfer to a bowl and mash with a fork. Discard the cinnamon sticks; let the liquid cool until just warm. Transfer 1/4 cup of the warm cooking liquid to a small bowl and sprinkle the yeast on top. Set aside until foamy, about 8 minutes. Stir the salt, yeast mixture and another 1/2 cup cooking liquid int <END>
INPUT: soup, poblano chiles, coriander seeds, allspice allspice, mild olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Poblano Cream Soup | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 pounds fresh poblano chiles (8 large); 1/2 teaspoon coriander seeds; 1 whole clove or 1/8 teaspoon ground cloves; 4 whole allspice or 1/8 teaspoon ground allspice; 1/4 cup mild olive oil; 1 medium white onion, chopped (1 cup); 4 large garlic cloves, chopped; 1/2 cup coarsely chopped cilantro; 3 to 4 cups reduced-sodium chicken broth; 1 cup heavy cream; Equipment: heatproof shot glasses or espresso cups | INSTRUCTIONS: Roast chiles: Roast chiles on their sides on racks of gas burners, 1 or 2 per burner, on medium-high (or on rack of a broiler pan about 2 inches from heat), turning with tongs, until skins are blackened all over, 4 to 8 minutes. Transfer to a large bowl, then cover and let stand 20 minutes. Peel chiles, then stem, seed, devein, and coarsely chop. Roast chiles on their sides on racks of gas burners, 1 or 2 per burner, on medium-high (or on rack of a broiler pan about 2 inches from heat), turning with tongs, until skins are blackened all over, 4 to 8 minutes. Transfer to a large bowl, then cover <END>
INPUT: Italian, ginger, garlic, olive oil, razor clams, cilantro
OUTPUT: TITLE: Razor Clams with Fermented Black Beans and Holy Basil Paste | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 2 teaspoons ginger, minced; 2 teaspoon garlic, minced; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 14 razor clams; 2 tablespoons cilantro, chopped; 4 tablespoon scallions; 8 Kafir lime leaves; 10 Thai Basil leaves; 4 tablespoons fermented black beans; 4 tablespoons Sherry vinegar; 8 ounces chicken stock; 2 tablespoons holy basil paste (recipe follows); 6 tablespoons tomato concasse; Juice of 1/2 lemon, plus wedges for garnish; 3 tablespoons butter | INSTRUCTIONS: Sweat ginger and garlic in oil, do not brown. Add the clams, cilantro, scallions, lime leaves, basil leaves, and black beans. Deglaze with the sherry and chicken stock. Cover and steam. Add holy basil paste, tomato concasse, lemon and butter. Adjust seasoning. Garnish with lemon wedges.; Combine ingredients in a blender and puree.; <END>
INPUT: hearty, soup, water, chicken breast halves, chicken legs thighs, carrots, celery
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mom's Hearty Chicken and Rice Soup | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 8 cups water; 2 chicken breast halves; skin and fat removed; 2 whole chicken legs with thighs; skin and fat removed; 3 carrots, peeled, halved crosswise; 3 celery stalks, quartered crosswise; 1 onion, sliced; 2 teaspoons salt; 2 garlic cloves, chopped; 1 bay leaf; 3/4 cup uncooked long-grain white rice; Chopped fresh parsley | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine first 9 ingredients in large pot. Bring to boil. Reduce heat, cover and simmer until chicken is cooked through, about 35 minutes. Using slotted spoon, transfer chicken and carrots to platter; cool slightly. Pull chicken meat off bones in bite-size pieces; set aside. Discard bones. Thinly slice carrots and reserve. Strain broth; discard solids in strainer. Pour 1 1/2 cups broth into heavy medium saucepan. Bring to boil. Add rice and bring to boil. Reduce heat to low; cover and cook until broth is absorbed and rice is tender, about 20 minutes. Return remaining broth, chicken pieces and s <END>
INPUT: Asian, seafood, navel oranges, Salt, scallions, Kunomoto oysters, squid
OUTPUT: TITLE: Orange-Roasted Seafood and Kunomoto Oysters with White Miso Sauce | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 4 navel oranges; Salt; 1 bunch scallions, roots and ends trimmed; 8 Kunomoto oysters, freshly shucked; 1 pound fresh squid, bodies only, no tentacles, cut into thin strips; 4 large shrimp, shelled and deveined; 1 cup White Miso Sauce, homemade or store-bought | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Cut off the top 1/3 of each orange. Use a curved grapefruit knife to scoop out the insides of the oranges. Reserve the pulp for a fruit salad or other use. Reserve the orange shell to use as a cooking vessel. Bring a medium skillet of salted water to a simmer. Add the scallions and cook for 30 seconds. With tongs, rinse the scallions under cold running water; pat dry on paper towels. Holding the root ends, run the back of a large knife down the length of the scallions, pressing down to squeeze out as much liquid as possible. Slice into 1-inch pieces. In the s <END>
INPUT: trifle, no sugar added, pure peppermint extract, drops food coloring, dark chocolate, fat free evaporated
OUTPUT: TITLE: Peppermint Ice Cream Trifle | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 1/2 cups no-sugar-added vanilla ice cream; 1/2 teaspoon pure peppermint extract; 8 drops green food coloring; 4 ounces dark chocolate; 4 tablespoons fat-free evaporated milk; 2 store-bought pizzelles, halved; 4 mini candy canes, broken | INSTRUCTIONS: In a chilled metal bowl, mix ice cream, peppermint extract and food coloring. Refreeze ice cream at least 2 hours or up to 3 days. In a microwave-safe bowl, microwave chocolate and milk in 10-second intervals, stirring after each interval, until chocolate melts. Chill chocolate sauce until ready to use (up to 3 days); to reheat, microwave for 10 seconds. Pour half of chocolate sauce evenly among four 5-ounce serving glasses; scoop one quarter of ice cream into each glass; pour remaining half of chocolate sauce over ice cream. Garnish with pizzelle halves and candy canes; serve. In a chilled me <END>
INPUT: frittata, zucchini, leeks, virgin olive oil, kosher salt, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Frittata with Zucchini, Leeks, Crème Fraîche and Harissa | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 large zucchini (about 12 ounces), sliced lengthwise 1/3 inch thick; 2 medium leeks, roots trimmed, top 2 inches discarded, leeks halved lengthwise and rinsed well; Extra-virgin olive oil, for brushing; 1 1/2 teaspoons kosher salt, divided; Freshly ground black pepper; 12 large eggs; 1/4 cup plus 2 tablespoons crème fraîche; 2 teaspoons harissa, plus more for serving; 2 tablespoons torn basil leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: Light a grill or preheat a grill pan; if you're using a charcoal grill, leave one spot cooler for indirect cooking. Lightly brush both sides of the zucchini and the leeks with olive oil and season with 1/2 teaspoon salt and pepper. Grill the zucchini over high heat, turning once, until nicely browned and tender, about 2 minutes per side. Transfer to a work surface, let cool slightly and slice crosswise 1/2 inch thick. Grill the leeks over high heat until grill marks form, about 2 minutes per side, then move the leeks to a cooler part of the grill and grill over moderately low heat, turning occ <END>
INPUT: chock, full, chicken, canola oil, Minute rice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chock-Full-of-Veggies Chicken | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 lb chicken strips; 2 tsp canola oil; 1 bag (21 oz) frozen veggies (get one that comes with teriyaki sauce); 2 cups Minute brand brown rice | INSTRUCTIONS: Stir-fry chicken in oil about 5 minutes. Add veggies. Set teriyaki sauce aside and stir-fry 5 minutes more. While chicken cooks, prepare rice. Stir sauce into chicken and veggies. Serve hot with rice. Stir-fry chicken in oil about 5 minutes. Add veggies. Set teriyaki sauce aside and stir-fry 5 minutes more. While chicken cooks, prepare rice. Stir sauce into chicken and veggies. Serve hot with rice. <END>
INPUT: chips, sour cream, top quality mayonnaise, Dijon mustard, grainy mustard, salami
OUTPUT: TITLE: Salami Chips with Grainy Mustard Dip | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup sour cream; 1/4 cup top-quality mayonnaise; 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard; 2 tablespoons grainy mustard; 8 ounces thinly sliced salami | INSTRUCTIONS: To make the dip, stir together the sour cream, mayonnaise, Dijon mustard, and grainy mustard in a small serving bowl. Cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate until you are ready to serve, ideally at least 2 hours. Preheat the oven to 375°F. Line 2 rimmed baking sheets with parchment paper or silicone baking mats. Set 2 oven racks at the centermost positions. Lay the salami slices out in a single layer on the baking sheets. Bake until they are evenly browned and rigid, 10 to 12 minutes. Transfer to paper towels to drain and cool. The salami will crisp further as it cools. Arrange the salami chi <END>
INPUT: American, gingersnap cookies, dark sugar, ginger, unsalted butter, Pumpkin Puree
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pumpkin Pie | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 6 ounces gingersnap cookies; 1 tablespoon dark brown sugar; 1 teaspoon ground ginger; 1 ounce unsalted butter, melted; 16 ounces Pumpkin Puree, recipe follows; 1 cup half-and-half; 1/2 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg; 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt; 3/4 cup dark brown sugar; 2 large eggs; 1 large egg yolk; 5 teaspoons light brown sugar, divided; 1 (4 to 6-pound) baking pumpkin, rinsed and dried; Kosher salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Heat the oven to 350 degrees F. For the crust: Combine the gingersnaps, brown sugar, and ginger in the bowl of a food processor. Process until the cookies are fine crumbs. Drizzle the butter into the crumb mixture. Pulse 8 to 10 times to combine. Press the gingersnap mixture into the bottom, up the sides, and just over the lip of a 9-inch glass pie dish. Place on a half sheet pan and bake the crust for 10 to 12 minutes. Cool crust at least 10 minutes before filling. For the filling: Bring the pumpkin puree to a simmer over medium heat in a 2-quart saucepan. Cook, <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, good, cakes, phyllo dough, butter, garlic, lemon juice, water
OUTPUT: TITLE: Garlic-Good Crab "Cakes" | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 18 sheets phyllo dough, thawed (note thawing time on package directions); 1/2 cup butter, melted; 6 large cloves garlic; 2 tablespoons lemon juice; 2 tablespoons water; 1 package (8 ounces) cream cheese at room temperature; 2 eggs, beaten; 1 package (4 ounces) crumbled feta cheese; 1 can (6 ounces) crabmeat, drained or substitute fresh; 2 cups soft bread crumbs, divided; 1/8 teaspoon cayenne pepper; Paprika, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Take 3 sheets of phyllo at a time, butter and roll up, jelly-roll style. Cut into fourths. Press, cut side down, into muffin pan cups. Press with fingers to flatten and work slightly up the sides of cup. Brush cups with melted butter. Repeat with remaining phyllo sheets, for a total of 24 cups. To prepare filling, place garlic, with tough bottoms cut off, in a plastic bag. Pound with the side of a meat cleaver. Remove skins and place crushed garlic in a deep microwave safe bowl. Add lemon juice and water. Cover and microwave for 2 minutes. Add cream cheese to gar <END>
INPUT: chicken stock broth, arugula leaves, Parmesan cheese
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tortellini in Broth with Arugula | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 cups chicken stock or broth; 1 (9 1/2-ounce) package mushroom or cheese-filled tortellini; 1 bunch arugula leaves, rinsed and patted dry; Freshly grated Parmesan cheese | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large saucepan set over moderate heat bring the broth to a simmer and simmer 3 minutes. In a pot of boiling salted water cook the tortellini for 7 to 8 minutes, or until al dente. Add to the broth along with arugula and simmer, stirring, 1 to 2 minutes more. Sprinkle with Parmesan. <END>
INPUT: tartare, salmon fillet, smoked salmon, lime juice, shallots, good olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fresh Salmon Tartare | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound skinless fresh salmon fillet; 1/2 pound smoked salmon, thickly sliced; 1/3 cup freshly squeezed lime juice (3 limes); 1/3 cup minced shallots (2 shallots); 2 tablespoons good olive oil; 1/4 cup minced fresh dill; 3 tablespoons drained capers; 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard; 1 tablespoon whole-grain mustard; 2 teaspoons kosher salt; 1 teaspoon coarsely ground black pepper; 1 loaf seven-grain bread, thinly sliced and toasted, for serving | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Cut the fresh salmon and the smoked salmon in 1/4-inch dice. Place the salmon in a mixing bowl and add the lime juice, shallots, olive oil, dill, capers, two mustards, salt, and pepper. Mix well, cover with plastic wrap, and refrigerate for a few hours for the salmon to marinate. When ready to serve, toast the bread and taste the salmon for seasonings. Serve the tartare with triangles of the toast. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, crust, zweiback crumbs graham, blanched almonds, sugar, eggs
OUTPUT: TITLE: Key Lime Pie with Almond Crumb Crust | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup zweiback crumbs or graham cracker crumbs; 2/3 cup blanched almonds, toasted lightly, cooled completely, and ground fine in a food processor; 1/2 stick (1/4 cup) unsalted butter, melted and cooled; 1/4 cup sugar; 3 large eggs, separated, the whites at room temperature; a 14-ounce can sweetened condensed milk; 1/2 cup Key lime juice (available bottled at specialty food shops) or fresh lime juice (about 3 limes); 1/3 cup sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: Make the crust: In a bowl combine well the crumbs, the almonds, the butter, and the sugar, press the mixture onto the bottom and side of a 10-inch pie plate, and bake the shell in the middle of a preheated 350°F. oven for 10 minutes, or until it is browned lightly. Let the shell cool on a rack. In a bowl combine well the crumbs, the almonds, the butter, and the sugar, press the mixture onto the bottom and side of a 10-inch pie plate, and bake the shell in the middle of a preheated 350°F. oven for 10 minutes, or until it is browned lightly. Let the shell cool on a rack. In a large bowl beat the <END>
INPUT: fruits, LAVENDER HONEY, lavender blossoms, honey, orange zest, orange juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Black Fruits in Lavender Honey Glaze | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: LAVENDER HONEY GLAZE:; 1-1/2 teaspoons lavender blossoms, dried; 1/2 cup honey, warmed; 1 tablespoon fresh orange zest; 1/2 cup orange juice, fresh squeezed; FRUIT SALAD:; 4 cups California blue-black seedless grapes; 3 cups blackberries; 3 cups dark, sweet cherries (such as Bing), pitted; 2 cups black-skin plums, sliced; 12 fresh lavender blossom sprigs, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. In a small bowl, whisk together lavender honey glaze ingredients until well combined. 2. In a large bowl, combine fruits for salad. 3. Pour lavender honey glaze over fruits and toss gently to coat. 4. Garnish with fresh lavender blossom sprigs. Lavender, which is used in many Provencal French dishes, adds a fragrant note to this fruit salad. Sage or thyme also works well. Nutritional Stats: Calories 127; Protein 1.2g; Fat 0.6g; Calories from Fat 4%; Carbohydrate 32g; Cholesterol 0mg; Fiber 3.3g; Sodium 2mg. <END>
INPUT: French, fondue, cornstarch, Kirsch, garlic, Champagne
OUTPUT: TITLE: Champagne Brie Fondue | CUISINE: French | INGREDIENTS: 2 teaspoons cornstarch; 2 tablespoons Kirsch; 16 ounces (about 2 small wheels) brie cheese, chilled; 1 garlic clove, halved; 1 cup dry Champagne; 1 teaspoon lemon juice; 1/8 teaspoon white pepper; 1 baguette loaf, cut into cubes, with each cube having some crust | INSTRUCTIONS: Create a slurry with the cornstarch and Kirsch and set aside briefly. Cut the chilled brie into small pieces. Rub inside of a saucepan with the garlic clove. Over medium heat bring Champagne and lemon juice to a gentle boil. Reduce heat to low and stir in the brie. Blend the cornstarch/Kirsch slurry into the cheese pot and stir for a couple of minutes until the mixture is smooth and thick. Transfer to a fondue pot over a flame and season with white pepper. Serve with bread cubes on fondue forks. <END>
INPUT: Italian, Kosher salt pepper, broccolini, spaghetti, all purpose flour, eggs
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken Parmesan | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 18 pieces broccolini; 2 pounds spaghetti; 2 cups all-purpose flour; 6 large eggs; 1 cup milk; 3 cups panko breadcrumbs; Six 6-ounce boneless skinless chicken breast; 1 cup grapeseed oil; 12 slices aged (low-moisture) mozzarella; 1 quart Tomato Sauce, recipe follows; 6 tablespoons grated Parmesan; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley; 5 cups canned whole San Marzano tomatoes, plus liquid from the can; 1/2 cup extra-virgin olive oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: an immersion blender and meat mallet Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add the broccoli and cook until just crisp-tender. Plunge into an ice bath to stop the cooking. Drain and reserve. Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil and cook the pasta according to the package directions. Drain and reserve. Place the oven rack in the middle position and preheat the oven to high broil. Create a standard breading station in 3 separate 8-by-8-inch pans: Combine the flour, 1 tablespoon salt and 2 teaspoons pepper into the first pan. Whisk together the eggs and the milk in <END>
INPUT: Italian, lightened, eggplant, Italian seasoning, Kosher salt pepper, all purpose flour
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lightened Chicken and Eggplant Parmesan | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 small eggplant (about 1 pound), trimmed and cut into 8 slices; Nonstick cooking spray; 1/2 teaspoon dried Italian seasoning; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1/3 cup all-purpose flour; 1/4 teaspoon cayenne pepper; 2 large egg whites, lightly beaten; 3 cups crispy rice cereal, such as Rice Chex, finely crushed; 2 tablespoons grated Parmesan; 4 boneless skinless chicken cutlets (12 to 14 ounces total); 4 teaspoons olive oil; 1 1/3 cup no-salt-added crushed tomatoes; 1/2 cup shredded part-skim mozzarella cheese; Chopped parsley, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the broiler. Mist both sides of the eggplant slices with nonstick cooking spray and sprinkle both sides with the Italian seasoning, 1/4 teaspoon salt and 1/4 teaspoon pepper. Place on a rimmed baking sheet and broil until browned and tender, turning once, about 6 minutes. Set aside. Reduce the oven temperature to 425 degrees F. Meanwhile, combine the flour and cayenne in a shallow dish. Combine the egg whites and 1 teaspoon water in a second dish. Combine the cereal and parmesan cheese in a third dish. Working with 1 piece of chicken at a time, dredge with the flour and tap off the exc <END>
INPUT: Mexican, Piment D'Esplette, cumin, salt, pepper, pork baby back
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tomatillo Glazed Baby Back Ribs | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons Piment D'Esplette, hot paprika, marash chili, or a combination of the three; 3 tablespoons ground cumin; 2 tablespoons salt; 1 tablespoon freshly ground black pepper; 4 pounds pork baby back ribs; 1 small onion, diced; 3 tablespoons pork or duck fat; 10 cloves garlic, chopped; 10 tomatillos, husked, washed and roughly chopped; 3 serrano chiles, sliced; 1 large bunch fresh cilantro, roughly chopped; 2 to 3 tablespoons maple syrup; Salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. For the dry rub and ribs: Combine the paprika, cumin, salt and pepper in a small bowl. Pat the spice mixture all over the ribs. Cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate 2 to 4 hours or overnight. Preheat the oven to 300 degrees F, or 250 degrees F with fan on in a convection oven. Place ribs in a single layer in a baking pan and pour in water to a depth of about 1/2-inch. Bake, covered with foil, for 45 to 60 minutes in the oven (or on a grill with the lid closed). Uncover and bake until the meat is tender and beginning to pull away from the bones, an additional 4 <END>
INPUT: American, gazpacho, croutons, scallions, seedless cucumber, onion, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Easy Gazpacho & Goat Cheese Croutons | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 (28-ounce) cans whole peeled tomatoes, drained; 4 scallions; 1/4 seedless cucumber, unpeeled and seeds removed; 1 large red onion; 6 garlic cloves; 1/2 cup red wine vinegar; 1/2 cup good olive oil, plus extra for toasts and drizzling; 1/2 teaspoon celery salt; 1/4 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes; 2 tablespoons tomato paste; 1 1/2 cups tomato juice, preferably Sacramento; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 baguette; 4 ounces garlic and herb goat cheese, such as Montrachet | INSTRUCTIONS: Cut the tomatoes, scallions, cucumber, and onion in large pieces and place them in a food processor fitted with the steel blade. Add the garlic and pulse until the soup is coarsely pureed. Place it in a large bowl and whisk in the vinegar, olive oil, celery salt, red pepper flakes, tomato paste, tomato juice, 1 tablespoon salt, and 1 1/2 teaspoons pepper. Cover with plastic wrap and chill for 4 hours or overnight. When ready to serve, preheat the broiler and place the top rack 5 to 7 inches from the heat. Cut 6 (1/2-inch-thick) diagonal slices from the baguette. Place on a sheet pan, brush wit <END>
INPUT: salad, cider vinegar, mandarin orange segments, almonds, orange juice, Mrs. Dash® Original
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mandarin Chicken Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 Tbsp. cider vinegar; 11 oz. can mandarin orange segments drained; 1/3 cup toasted sliced almonds; 1/4 cup orange juice; 2 Tbsp. Mrs. Dash® Original Blend; 1 Tbsp. honey; 1 Tbsp. Dijon-style mustard; 3 cups cooked cubed skinless chicken; 1 1/2 cups thinly sliced celery; 3 Tbsp. canola oil; 1/4 cup low sodium chicken stock | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. For dressing, place together the oil, vinegar, orange juice, Mrs. Dash® Original Blend, mustard and honey in jar with tight-fitting lid. 2. Cover and shake to mix well; set aside. 3. Combine stock with chicken and celery in medium bowl. 4. Pour dressing over chicken mixture; toss to mix well. 5. Cover and chill for 3 to 4 hours or overnight. 6. Add orange segments and almonds; toss gently before serving. *Chef's hint: Add a small handful of your favorite salad greens to enhance this flavorful preparation. <END>
INPUT: broccoli, virgin olive oil, garlic, Kosher salt, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spicy Sauteed Broccoli | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 large bunch broccoli, about 1 1/2 pounds; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 2 cloves garlic, chopped; Kosher salt; Freshly ground black pepper; 1/2 cup chicken stock; 1 teaspoon hot chili sauce, (recommended: sriracha) or to taste | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Put a pot of water on to boil. Prepare a large bowl of ice water. Cut the broccoli into florets. When the water is boiling, add the broccoli. Cook for 30 seconds. Immediately drain and add them to the bowl of ice water. When cool, drain well. In a large skillet over medium heat, add the olive oil. When it is warm, add the garlic and cook for 1 minute until toasted, do not let it burn. Add the broccoli, toss to coat with the oil and garlic, and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Add the chicken stock and hot chili sauce, raise the heat to high, and cook until  <END>
INPUT: french, toast, eggs, milk, sugar, vanilla extract, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Peanut Butter French Toast "Waffles" with Mixed Berry Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 large eggs; 3/4 cups whole milk; 2 tablespoons sugar; 1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract; Pinch of salt; 8 slices good quality sliced white or wheat bread, crusts removed; Nonstick cooking spray or melted butter; 4 tablespoons smooth peanut butter; Confectioners' sugar, for garnish; Fresh mixed berries, for garnish; Sliced ripe bananas, for garnish; Fresh mint sprigs, for garnish; Mixed Berry Syrup, for garnish, recipe follows; 1 pint fresh strawberries; 1/2 pint fresh blackberries | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: waffle maker Crack the eggs into a medium baking dish and whisk lightly. Add the milk, sugar, vanilla and salt and whisk until smooth. Press down on bread slices to flatten slightly. Soak the bread in the egg mixture until completely soaked through, about 4 to 5 minutes per side. Heat a square 4 slot waffle maker according to the manufacturer's directions. Spray the top and bottom grates liberally with nonstick spray or melted butter. Remove the French toast from the eggs using a slotted spatula, allowing excess egg mixture to drip off. Make 2 at a time on the diagonal of th <END>
INPUT: Asian, pilaf, Oriental sesame oil, unsalted butter, onion, scallions, gingerroot
OUTPUT: TITLE: Snow Pea and Sesame Rice Pilaf | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon Oriental sesame oil; 1/2 tablespoon unsalted butter; 1/3 cup finely chopped onion; 3 scallions, sliced thin; 1 teaspoon grated peeled fresh gingerroot; 1/3 cup long-grain rice; 1 cup chicken broth; 1/4 pound snow peas, trimmed and cut into 1/2-inch pieces (about 2/3 cup); 2 teaspoons sesame seeds, toasted lightly | INSTRUCTIONS: In a microwave-safe bowl combine the oil, the butter, the onion, the scallions, and the gingerroot and microwave the mixture at high power (100%) for 2 minutes, or until the onion is softened. Stir in the rice, stirring until it is coated with the oil mixture, add the broth, and microwave the mixture, covered with microwave-safe plastic wrap, at high power (100%) for 5 minutes. Microwave the mixture at medium power (50%) for 12 to 15 minutes, or until all the liquid is absorbed and the rice is tender. Uncover the pilaf carefully and stir in the snow peas. Let the pilaf stand, covered, for 5 mi <END>
INPUT: soup, onion, tomato, garlic, jalapeno chiles
OUTPUT: TITLE: Winter Squash Soup | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 tablespoons (1/2 stick) unsalted butter; 1 onion, chopped; 1 medium tomato, cored, seeded and diced; 2 garlic cloves, minced; 2 jalapeno chiles, stemmed, seeded and chopped; 1 1/2 pounds winter squash, such as West Indian pumpkin, peeled and cut into 1/2-inch cubes; 3 cups stock or water; 1 teaspoon coarse salt; 2 cups whole milk; 1/4 cup grated Manchego cheese | INSTRUCTIONS: Melt the butter in a large stockpot over moderate heat. Add the onion and saute until soft, about 5 minutes. Add the tomato, garlic, jalapeno and salt and cook 1 to 2 minutes longer. Add the squash and stock and simmer, covered, for about 20 minutes, or until the squash is falling apart and soup is thickened slightly. Puree soup with an immersion blender, or use a blender and return soup to a clean pan. Add the milk and heat gently. Stir in the cheese and adjust the seasonings. <END>
INPUT: squares, all purpose flour, sugar, baking powder, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Honey Nut Squares | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/4 cups all-purpose flour; 2 tablespoons sugar; 1/2 teaspoon baking powder; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 1 stick (1/2 cup) cold unsalted butter, cut into pieces; 1 large egg, lightly beaten; 1/3 cup plus 1 tablespoon mild honey; 1/4 cup packed light brown sugar; 1/8 teaspoon salt; 3 tablespoons cold unsalted butter, cut into pieces; 1 tablespoon heavy cream; 1/2 cup whole almonds with skins (3 oz), toasted; 3/4 cup hazelnuts (4 oz), toasted and any loose skins rubbed off in a kitchen towel; 1/4 cup pine nuts (1 1/2 oz), lightly toasted; Special equipment: a pastry or bench scraper | INSTRUCTIONS: Make crust: Butter a 9-inch square metal baking pan (2 inches deep) and line with 2 crisscrossed sheets of foil, leaving a 2-inch overhang on all sides. Butter foil. Blend together flour, sugar, baking powder, salt, and butter with your fingertips or a pastry blender (or pulse in a food processor) until most of mixture resembles coarse meal with small (roughly pea-size) butter lumps. Add egg and stir with a fork (or pulse) until a crumbly dough forms. Turn out dough onto a work surface and divide into 4 portions. With heel of your hand, smear each portion once or twice in a forward motion to h <END>
INPUT: Italian, rubbed, wild, lapsang souchong tea, losher salt, chile flakes, chipotle powder, roasted garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Five-Spice Chile-Tea Rubbed Partridge with Grilled Fennel and Wild Mushroom Orzo 'Risotto' | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 8 tablespoons lapsang souchong tea; 2 tablespoons losher salt; 1 tablespoon chile flakes; 1 tablespoon chipotle powder; 1 tablespoon roasted garlic, dried; 1 tablespoon cayenne pepper, dried and ground; 1 tablespoon green onion flakes, dried; 1 tablespoon Chinese five-spice powder; 1 tablespoon dried kaffir lime zest; 2 small partridges, prepped, skin on, head-off, butterflied with back bone removed; 1 large fennel bulb; 1/2 cup sliced green scallions, for garnish; Salt and pepper; Grapeseed oil, to cook; Orzo Risotto, recipe follows | INSTRUCTIONS: In a small bowl, combine the tea, salt, chile flakes, chipotle, garlic, cayenne pepper, green onion flakes, Chinese five spice, and lime zest. Coat both sides of the partridge with the tea spice, reserving 1 tablespoon for the fried mushroom garnish. Slice the fennel bulb lengthwise, brush with the grapeseed oil, and season with the salt and pepper. (If fennel bulb is very large, pre-blanch it in boiling salted water for 5 minutes so it doesn't burn on the grill before being cooked through.) Place the partridge and the fennel side by side on a hot, well-oiled grill, and cook for about 8 to 12  <END>
INPUT: gratin, heavy cream, garlic, bundle thyme, cayenne, Kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Turnip Gratin | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups heavy cream; 3 cloves garlic, smashed; 1 bundle thyme; Pinch of cayenne; Kosher salt; 1/2 stick butter, plus extra for baking dish; 2 pounds turnips, peeled and sliced very thin (mandoline works best); 1 1/2 cups grated parmigiano | INSTRUCTIONS: Special Equipment: mandolin, 11 by 7-inch baking dish Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Put the cream, garlic, thyme and cayenne in a saucepan and season it with salt. Taste to make sure it is adequately seasoned. Bring the cream to a boil and then turn off the heat. Let the mixture steep for 15 to 20 minutes. Butter the baking dish and layer in 1/3 of the sliced turnips. Sprinkle 1/3 of the grated cheese over the turnips and dot with 1/3 of the butter. Remove the thyme and garlic from the cream and pour 1/3 of the cream over the turnips. Repeat this process 2 more times until all of the ingr <END>
INPUT: england, gravy, Briskets, onions, carrots, celery, beef stock
OUTPUT: TITLE: New England Pot Roast and Gravy | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 Fresh raw Briskets** (about 22 pounds) preferably Certified Black Angus Beef (they come about 11 pounds each); 2 1/2 pounds onions; 2 1/2 pounds carrots; 2 pounds celery; 3 gallons beef stock, approximately; 2 teaspoons herb de Provence, seasoning blend; 1 teaspoon dry thyme, or fresh if available; 3 bay leaves; Salt and black pepper (sprinkle generously unless using some form of bouillon for stock that is already salty); 1 gallon pot roast stock; 1 cup beef fat; 1 cup all-purpose flour; 1/4 cup cornstarch, for shine; Garnish: Julienne carrots, celery and onion (just a few for presentation) | INSTRUCTIONS: With a hot broiler, grill or frying pan, sear the briskets until they're well browned and crispy. Wash and cut the vegetables into a large, rough dice and place in the bottom of a large covered pan (squarehead). Add the beef, seasonings and stock. Cover and place in a preheated 375 to 400 degree oven and bake for about 6 hours. Check the meat with a meat fork. The briskets should be extremely fork tender (practically falling apart). When done lift from the stock with a fork and a spatula underneath to a holding pan to cool slightly. Meanwhile -- into a large plastic food bucket, strain the veg <END>
INPUT: cream, sugar, regular corn syrup, vanilla, water, butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Vanilla Butter Cream | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound sugar; 3 1/4 ounces regular corn syrup; 1 teaspoon vanilla; 3 1/4 ounces water; 3 1/4 ounces butter; 1 1/2 ounces flour; Melted chocolate, for dipping | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook the sugar, corn syrup, vanilla, and water in a saucepan over medium heat to 245 degrees F. At 235 degrees F wash down the side of the pan with a brush soaked in water to remove sugar crystals. Pour the cooked batch into a mixing bowl and let it cool to 110 degrees F. If sugar crystals form on top of the batch as it is cooling, sprinkle the sugar crystals lightly with water to dissolve. Melt the butter. When the sugar mixture reaches 110 degrees F, start the mixer on slow speed and add the flour and butter. Continue mixing until batch becomes semi-firm. Pour batch onto a table (previously  <END>
INPUT: Asian, crouton, garlic, ginger, scallions, honey, reduced sodium soy
OUTPUT: TITLE: Marinated Cod on Crouton | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1 clove garlic, minced; 1 tablespoon minced fresh ginger (about 1/2-ounce ginger root, scraped with the tip of a spoon); 2 to 3 scallions, minced; 1 cup honey (acacia, or your choice of honey); 1/4 cup reduced sodium soy sauce; 1/4 cup teriyaki sauce; 2 tablespoons grapeseed oil; 2 tablespoons white wine vinegar; 6 cod fillets (6 to 7 ounces each); 1 baguette loaf; 2 to 3 tablespoons olive oil; 3/4 cup mayonnaise; 2 scallions (white and tender green parts only), minced; 2 teaspoons drained sweet pickle relish; 1-ounce black caviar | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine the garlic, ginger, scallions, honey, soy sauce, grapeseed oil and vinegar in a mixing bowl. Marinate the fish fillets in this mixture for at least 2 hours, preferably overnight, refrigerated. Transfer the cod and marinade to a shallow pan and slowly poach the fish over low heat until it is fork tender, 10 to 20 minutes. Slice the baguette into 18 pieces and lay out on a baking sheet. Brush with olive oil. Preheat oven to 450 degrees F. Remove fish to a utility platter and flake. Transfer flaked cod to a strainer set over a bowl to drain excess moisture. Discard this excess liquid and  <END>
INPUT: pears, pecans, sugar, all purpose flour
OUTPUT: TITLE: Baked Pork Chops with Sweet Potatoes and Pears | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 (9-ounce) cans cut sweet potatoes, drained; 3 pears, peeled, quartered, and cored; 1/3 cup chopped pecans; 1/3 cup brown sugar, packed; 3 tablespoons plus 1/2 cup all-purpose flour; 3 tablespoons butter, melted; Olive oil cooking spray; 2 eggs, beaten; 1 cup Italian seasoned bread crumbs; 1 tablespoon herbs de Provence; 4 (3/4-inch thick) bone-in pork loin chops | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. In an 8-inch square baking dish, combine sweet potatoes and pears. In a small bowl, mix pecans, brown sugar, 3 tablespoons of flour, and the melted butter to make a paste. Crumble mixture over potatoes and pears. Bake for 20 to 30 minutes, or until potatoes and pears are tender. Meanwhile, spray a roasting pan and rack with cooking spray. Place beaten egg in a shallow bowl, place remaining 1/2 cup flour on a plate and place bread crumbs mixed with herbs de Provence on another plate. Dredge pork chops in flour. Dip in egg and then the bread crumb mixture, coating  <END>
INPUT: sugar, honey, lemon juice, rose water
OUTPUT: TITLE: Baklava with Rose Water | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 3/4 cups sugar; 1/2 cup honey; 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice; 1/2 teaspoon rose water (optional); For the baklava:; 1 pound chopped walnuts, pistachios, hazelnuts and/or almonds (about 3 cups); 1/4 cup confectioners' sugar; 3/4 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 3/4 teaspoon pure vanilla extract; Pinch of kosher salt; 2 sticks unsalted butter, melted; 18 sheets frozen phyllo dough, thawed | INSTRUCTIONS: Make the syrup: Bring 2 cups water, the sugar and honey to a simmer in a medium saucepan over medium heat, stirring occasionally. Reduce the heat to medium low; simmer until the sugar is dissolved and the syrup is thick enough to coat the back of a spoon, about 20 minutes. Stir in the lemon juice and rose water. Pour into a large liquid measuring cup or heatproof bowl and refrigerate until ready to use (or up to 1 day). Make the baklava: Position a rack in the lower third of the oven; preheat to 375 degrees F. Pulse the nuts, confectioners' sugar and cinnamon in a food processor until coarsely <END>
INPUT: bell peppers, virgin olive oil, flat leaf parsley, thyme
OUTPUT: TITLE: Gratin of Red and Yellow Peppers and Tomatoes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 lb red bell peppers (3 large), halved lengthwise; 1 1/2 lb yellow bell peppers (3 large), halved lengthwise; 5 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil plus additional for oiling pan; 1/2 cup finely chopped fresh flat-leaf parsley; 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh thyme; 1/2 teaspoon finely chopped fresh rosemary; 1 teaspoon finely grated fresh lemon zest; 1 1/2 teaspoons salt; 3/4 teaspoon black pepper; 3 1/2 cups cubed (1/2-inch) baguette (preferably sourdough; from 1 loaf); 1 oz finely grated Parmigiano-Reggiano (1/2 cup); 4 large yellow tomatoes (2 lb total), cored and each cut crosswise into 5 slices; 4 large red tomatoes (2 lb total), cored and each cut crosswise into 5 slices; Special equipment: a 13- by 9-inch (3- to 31/2-qt) gratin or nonreactive shallow baking dish (see cooks' note, below) | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat broiler. Arrange bell peppers, cut sides down, in a shallow baking pan. Broil 4 to 5 inches from heat until blackened and beginning to soften, about 15 minutes. Cover pan tightly with foil and let stand, covered, until cool enough to handle, 10 to 15 minutes. 3Peel peppers and cut lengthwise into 1/2-inch-wide strips. Put oven rack in middle position and preheat oven to 400°F. Lightly oil gratin dish. Stir together parsley, thyme, rosemary, zest, salt, and pepper in a bowl. Toss bread cubes with cheese and oil (5 tablespoons) in another bowl. Arrange half of tomatoes in gratin dish, ov <END>
INPUT: Asian, skin chicken drumsticks, Kosher salt pepper, apple juice, apple cider vinegar, low sodium soy
OUTPUT: TITLE: Apple-Honey Drumsticks | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 12 skin-on chicken drumsticks; Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper; 2 cups apple juice; 1/2 cup apple cider vinegar; 1/4 cup low-sodium soy sauce; 2 teaspoons honey; Grated zest of 1 lemon; 1/8 to 1/4 teaspoon red pepper flakes; 2 teaspoons sesame seeds (optional); 1 tablespoon unsalted butter | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F. Set a wire rack on a rimmed baking sheet. Put the drumsticks on the rack and season both sides generously with salt and pepper. Bake 30 minutes; flip the drumsticks and continue baking until golden and crisp, about 30 more minutes. Meanwhile, make the sauce: Bring the apple juice, vinegar, soy sauce, honey, lemon zest, red pepper flakes and a pinch of salt to a high simmer in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Cook until the sauce is syrupy and coats the back of a spoon, 20 to 25 minutes. Set aside until the chicken is done. Stir the sesame seeds into the <END>
INPUT: cookies, Crisco® Butter Shortening, firmly sugar, sugar, milk, vanilla extract
OUTPUT: TITLE: Peppermint Cookies | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 stick Crisco® Butter Shortening Sticks OR 3/4 cup Crisco® Butter Shortening; 1/2 cup firmly packed brown sugar; 1/2 cup sugar; 2 tablespoons milk; 1 tablespoon vanilla extract; 1 large egg; 2 cups Pillsbury BEST® All Purpose Flour; 1 teaspoon salt; 3/4 teaspoon baking soda; 3/4 cup crushed peppermint candy canes or peppermint hard candies, divided | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. HEAT oven to 350 degrees F. 2. BEAT shortening, brown sugar, sugar, milk and vanilla in large bowl of electric mixer on medium speed until well blended. Beat in egg. Combine flour, salt and baking soda. Mix into shortening mixture at low speed just until blended. Stir in 1/2 cup crushed candy. Shape into 1-inch balls. Place 2-inches apart on ungreased baking sheet. 3. BAKE 8 to 10 minutes or until lightly browned. Immediately sprinkle each cookie with about 1/4 teaspoon crushed candy. Cool 2 minutes. Remove to rack to cool completely. TIP: To have enough crushed candy for this recipe, use 9 <END>
INPUT: salad, onion, apple cider vinegar, wine vinegar, sesame seeds, paprika
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spinach and Apple Salad with Crispy Almonds | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup minced onion; 3 tablespoons apple cider vinegar; 3 tablespoons white wine vinegar; 2 tablespoons sesame seeds; 1/4 teaspoon paprika; 3 tablespoons sugar; 1/2 cup olive oil; 2 tablespoons butter; 3/4 cup blanched slivered almonds (about 3 ounces); 1 10- ounce bag ready-to-use spinach leaves; 2 medium-size red-skinned apples, quartered, cored, thinly sliced | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine onion, cider vinegar, white wine vinegar, sesame seeds and paprika in small bowl. Mix in 2 tablespoons sugar. Gradually whisk in olive oil. Season dressing to taste with salt and pepper. Melt butter in heavy large skillet over medium heat. Add almonds. Stir until almonds begin to color, about 2 minutes. Sprinkle remaining 1 tablespoon sugar over. Stir until sugar melts and begins to turn golden, about 2 minutes longer. Transfer almonds to bowl and cool. (Dressing and almonds can be prepared 4 hours ahead. Cover separately and let stand at room temperature.) Combine spinach and apples i <END>
INPUT: cream, cake, all purpose flour, baking powder, salt, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Ice-Cream-Cone Cake | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 cups all-purpose flour; 1 tablespoon baking powder; 1 1/2 teaspoons salt; 3 sticks (3/4 pound) unsalted butter, softened; 1 3/4 cups sugar; 4 large eggs at room temperature 30 minutes; 1 1/2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract; 1 1/2 cups whole milk; 7 flat-bottomed wafer cones; 1 1/2 cups whole milk; 9 large egg yolks; 3/4 cup sugar; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 3 1/2 ounces fine-quality bittersweet chocolate (no more than 60% cacao if marked), chopped; 6 sticks (1 1/2 pound) unsalted butter, softened | INSTRUCTIONS: Make cake and cones: Preheat oven to 350°F with racks in upper and lower thirds. Butter pans. Line bottoms with parchment, then butter and lightly flour pans. Sift together flour, baking powder, and salt into a bowl. Beat butter with sugar using an electric mixer (paddle attachment for a stand mixer) at medium-high speed until pale and fluffy, about 5 minutes in a stand mixer or 10 with a handheld. Beat in eggs 1 at a time, then vanilla, and beat until thoroughly incorporated, about 5 minutes. Reduce speed to low and add flour mixture in 4 batches alternately with milk, beginning and ending wi <END>
INPUT: southern, egg, milk, salt, saltines, cayenne
OUTPUT: TITLE: Southern Fried Catfish | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 large egg; 1/3 cup whole milk; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 30 saltines; 1/4 teaspoon cayenne; 4 (5- to 7-oz) catfish fillets; 6 cups vegetable oil (48 fl oz); Special equipment: a deep-fat thermometer; Accompaniments: tartar sauce and lemon wedges | INSTRUCTIONS: Whisk together egg, milk, and 1/4 teaspoon salt in a medium bowl. Pulse saltines in a food processor until finely ground, then stir together with cayenne and remaining 1/4 teaspoon salt in a shallow baking dish. Dip 1 catfish fillet into egg mixture, letting excess drip off, then dredge in saltines to coat and transfer to a wax-paper-lined tray. Coat remaining fillets in same manner. Preheat oven to 300°F. Heat oil in a 4- to 5-quart heavy pot (preferably cast-iron) over high heat until it registers 360°F on thermometer. Carefully lower 1 fillet into oil (temperature of oil will drop to 340°F) <END>
INPUT: littleneck clams, shucked cherrystone clams, clam juice water, quinoa, olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Clams with Quinoa | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 24 littleneck clams; 3 cups shucked cherrystone clams, with their liquor; 4 cups clam juice or water, as needed; 3/4 cup quinoa; 3 tablespoons olive oil; 1 onion, finely chopped; 4 cloves garlic, finely chopped; 2 jalapeno chiles, seeded and finely chopped; 1 bay leaf; 1 tablespoon ground cumin; 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; I tablespoon tomato paste; 8 small red rose potatoes, quartered; I cup white wine; 2 cloves garlic, slivered | INSTRUCTIONS: Wash and vigorously scrub the littlenecks under cold running water. Place them on a tray, cover with a damp cloth, and set aside until ready to serve. Finely chop the shucked cherrystones and set them aside, refrigerate. Pour the clam liquor through a strainer lined with a double thickness of dampened cheesecloth. Add enough additional clam juice or water to make the liquid up to 5 1/2 cups. Set aside, refrigerate. Place the quinoa in a bowl and add enough cold water to cover by about 2 inches. Let soak for 5 minutes, then massage the grain between the palms of your hands for a moment. Strain  <END>
INPUT: Italian, spring, linguine, salted water, bacon pancetta, olive oil, scallions
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spring Linguine | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 8 ounces linguine, fine; 2 quarts salted water; 1/4 cup finely chopped bacon or pancetta or; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 4 scallions, thinly sliced; 8 to 12 ounces fresh asparagus, peeled and cut diagonally into 1/2 inch slices; 1 tablespoonful each of lemon juice and unsalted butter; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1/2 cup crumbled fresh goat's or farmer's cheese; 2 tablespoons sliced pitted cured black olives | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring salted water to a boil. While the water is coming to a boil prepare the ingredients you will need for your sauce. Add the linguine to the salted water and cook for 8 to 10 minutes or until cooked but still firm to the bite. Meanwhile heat the bacon in a skillet. When the fat has rendered and the bacon bits are crisp, add the scallions and asparagus and cook over moderate heat, stirring continuously, for about 2 minutes or until the asparagus are crisp tender. Drain the pasta (reserving a tablespoonful of cooking water) and portion it into pasta bowls. Add the water, lemon juice and butte <END>
INPUT: breasts, vinegar, herbs, mustard, garlic onion powder, virgin olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Marinated Chicken Breasts | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 to 2 tablespoons vinegar, like cider, balsamic, or red wine; 2 to 3 teaspoons dried herbs, like thyme, oregano, rosemary, or crumbled bay leaf; 1 to 2 tablespoons mustard, whole grain or Dijon; 1 to 2 teaspoon garlic or onion powder, optional; 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 4 boneless, skinless chicken breast, each about 6 ounces | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Put the vinegar, herbs, mustard, powders if using and oil in a large re-sealable plastic bag. Close the bag and shake to combine all the ingredients. Open the bag, drop in the chicken breast in the bag. Close and shake the bag to coat evenly. Freeze for up to 2 weeks. Thaw in the refrigerator overnight, under cold, running water, or in the microwave at 30 percent power for 1 minute at a time. Heat a grill or grill pan. When the grill is hot, place the chicken on the grill and cook for about 4 minutes per side, or until cooked through. You can also bake the thawed <END>
INPUT: thumbprints, all purpose flour, granulated sugar, unsweetened Dutch process, baking powder, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cocoa Thumbprints | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cups all-purpose flour; 3/4 cup granulated sugar, plus 1/2 cup for rolling; 1/2 cup unsweetened Dutch-process cocoa powder; 1 teaspoon baking powder; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted; 2 large eggs, lightly beaten; 1/2 cup confectioners' sugar; Sprinkles, mini marshmallows, mini candies or dried fruit for filling | INSTRUCTIONS: Whisk the flour, 3/4 cup granulated sugar, the cocoa powder, baking powder and salt in a medium bowl. Add the melted butter and eggs and stir until combined. Cover and refrigerate the dough until firm, about 30 minutes. Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Line 2 baking sheets with parchment. Place the confectioners' sugar and the remaining 1/2 cup granulated sugar in 2 separate small bowls. Roll scant tablespoonfuls of dough into balls; roll in the granulated sugar and then in the confectioners' sugar. Place 1 inch apart on the prepared baking sheets. Lightly flatten each ball with your fingers <END>
INPUT: cookies, Vegetable oil, packages, sugar, light corn syrup, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: S'more Cookies | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Vegetable oil, for brushing; 4 packages (3 tablespoons plus 1 teaspoon) unflavored gelatin; 3 cups plus 5 tablespoons sugar; 1 1/4 cups light corn syrup; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract; 1 1/2 cups confectioners' sugar; 18 graham crackers, crushed to yield 1 1/2 cups crumbs; 9 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, plus 8 tablespoons (1 stick), room temperature, plus more for pan; 1 pound semisweet chocolate, finely chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: Brush a 9 by 13-inch glass baking dish with vegetable oil. Cut a piece of parchment or waxed paper large enough to cover the bottom of the dish and to overhang the longer sides. Place the parchment in dish, brush with oil, and set dish aside. Pour 3/4 cup cold water in the bowl of an electric mixer, and sprinkle the gelatin on top. Let stand for 5 minutes. Place 3 cups sugar, corn syrup, salt, and 3/4 cup water in a medium saucepan. Set saucepan over high heat, and bring to a boil. Insert a candy thermometer, and cook until mixture reaches soft-ball stage (238 degrees F), about 9 minutes. In a <END>
INPUT: kebabs, olive oil, lemon juice, balsamic vinegar, rosemary, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken and Mushroom Kebabs in Pita Bread | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup olive oil; 3 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 3 tablespoons balsamic vinegar; 1 tablespoon dried rosemary; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/2 teaspoon pepper; 24 large mushrooms; 9 skinless boneless chicken thighs, trimmed, cut crosswise in half; 9 bacon slices, cut crosswise in half; 6 10- to 12-inch metal skewers; 6 pita breads, wrapped in foil | INSTRUCTIONS: Whisk first 6 ingredients in bowl to blend. Pour half of marinade into another bowl. Add mushrooms to first bowl; add chicken to second bowl. Toss to coat; let stand 30 minutes. Meanwhile, prepare barbecue (medium-high heat). Wrap 1 bacon piece around each chicken piece. Alternate 4 mushrooms and 3 chicken pieces on each skewer, piercing bacon to secure. Discard chicken marinade. Reserve mushroom marinade. Grill kebabs until chicken is cooked through, turning skewers and basting with reserved mushroom marinade, about 25 minutes. Grill pita breads in foil at edge of barbecue until warm. Unwrap  <END>
INPUT: breakfast, hash, olive oil, baby potatoes, Kosher salt pepper, Spanish onion, bell pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Corned Beef Breakfast Hash | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons olive oil; 1 pound baby red potatoes, quartered; Kosher salt and cracked black pepper; 1 Spanish onion, roughly chopped; 1 red bell pepper, chopped; 1 cup shredded cabbage; 2 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce; 8 ounces corned beef, thinly sliced crosswise into strips; 1/4 cup heavy cream; 4 large eggs | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat the olive oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Add the potatoes, sprinkle with salt and pepper and saute until golden brown, 10 to 12 minutes. Add the onions and peppers and continue cooking an additional 5 minutes. Add the cabbage and Worcestershire sauce and saute until the vegetables are tender, about 3 minutes longer. Stir in the corned beef and cream and reduce the heat to medium-low. Crack the eggs over the hash. Cover with a lid and cook until the eggs are set, 8 to 10 minutes. Serve the hash divided among 4 plates. <END>
INPUT: dipped, all purpose flour, cornstarch, double acting baking, confectioners' sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate-Dipped Orange Cookies | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 cup all-purpose flour; 2 tablespoons cornstarch; 1/8 teaspoon double-acting baking powder; 1 stick (1/2 cup) unsalted butter, softened; 1/3 cup confectioners' sugar; 1 large egg, separated, the white at room temperature; 2 tablespoons freshly grated orange zest; 1/4 teaspoon vanilla; 1 tablespoon fresh orange juice; granulated sugar for sprinkling the cookies; 2 ounces bittersweet or semisweet chocolate, melted and cooked slightly | INSTRUCTIONS: Into a large bowl sift together the flour, the cornstarch, the baking powder and a pinch of salt. In a bowl with an electric mixer cream together the butter and the confectioners' sugar until the mixture is light and fluffy, beat in the yolk, the zest, the vanilla, and the orange juice, and stir in the flour mixture well. In a bowl beat the white until it forms soft peaks and fold it gently but thoroughly into the mixture. (The batter will have the consistency of soft dough.) Transfer the batter to a pastry bag fitted with a decorative ribbon tip and onto the buttered baking sheet pipe 1 1/2-i <END>
INPUT: vinaigrette, paprika, orange juice, sherry vinegar, Dijon mustard, olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Whole Bass with Toasted Paprika Orange Vinaigrette | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon paprika, toasted; 2 cups fresh orange juice, reduced to 1/4 cup; 1/4 cup sherry vinegar; 2 teaspoons Dijon mustard; 1 cup olive oil; Salt and freshly ground pepper; Olive oil; Four 1 pound whole striped bass | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat a pan and add paprika, cook 1 minute. Remove and set aside. In small saucepan over high heat, reduce orange juice to a syrup. Place paprika, reduced orange juice, vinegar and mustard in a blender and blend until smooth. With the motor running, slowly add oil until emulsified. Season with salt and pepper to taste. Preheat grill. Brush fish with olive oil on both sides and season with salt and pepper to taste. Grill the fish for 10 to 12 minutes total. Remove and serve each person 1 whole fish drizzled with vinaigrette. <END>
INPUT: Italian, rosa, onion, all purpose flour, hot milk
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pasta Rosa | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup (1 stick) butter; 1 medium onion, minced; 1/2 cup all-purpose flour; 1 cup hot milk; 1 (8-ounce) can chunky tomato sauce; 8 ounces soft cream cheese; 3/4 pound Norwegian smoked salmon, sliced into 1-inch long strips; 1 pound penne pasta; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1/4 cup fresh chives, chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring a pot of water to boil for the pasta. For the sauce, melt butter in a saucepan which will be large enough to accommodate the pound of cooked pasta, and saute onion until it becomes translucent. Mix in the flour to make a roux. Gradually add milk and allow thickening. Stir in tomato sauce and heat through. Remove from heat and add cream cheese. Blend with an immersion blender. Immediately cover surface of sauce with a sheet of plastic wrap and set aside briefly. Boil the pasta until al dente and drain. Add the cooked pasta and strips of salmon to the pan containing the sauce and fold to c <END>
INPUT: herb, Chilean Sea Bass, Salt pepper, each tarragon, tarragon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Herb-Steamed Chilean Sea Bass | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 pound Chilean Sea Bass fillet; Salt and ground black pepper; 3 tablespoons each of chopped tarragon, dill and flat-leaf parsley; Sprigs of tarragon, dill and flat-leaf parsley for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Cut the sea bass in half horizontally. Season the inside with salt and pepper and fill the center with the chopped herbs. Reassemble the sea bass and season the outside with salt and pepper to taste. Wrap in plastic wrap. Steam the sea bass in an 8-inch, flat-bottomed steamer, covered, for 6 minutes, or until it is barely opaque. To assemble: Remove the plastic wrap. Use a very sharp knife to cut the fish into eight 2-inch wedges. Choose a flat, colorful plate to set off the dramatic form of the fish. Stand one wedge on its end and show the herb filling of the other. Garnish with fresh herbs. <END>
INPUT: Danish cheese, buttermilk, sour cream, sugar, apple cider vinegar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pat's Famous Hot Wings | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup Danish blue cheese, crumbled; 1/4 cup buttermilk; 1/3 cup sour cream; 1/4 teaspoon sugar; 2 teaspoons apple cider vinegar; Salt and freshly cracked black pepper; 2 teaspoons Neely's Dry Rub; 2 teaspoons kosher salt; 1/4 teaspoon cayenne pepper; Peanut oil, for frying; 3 pounds chicken wings, cut at joint, washed and dried; 1 to 2 tablespoons lemon-pepper seasoning; 4 tablespoons salted butter; 1 clove minced garlic; 1/2 cup hot sauce (recommend: Texas Pete's) | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. For the dipping sauce: In a small bowl, mash the blue cheese into the buttermilk and sour cream. Mix in the sugar and the apple cider vinegar, and season with salt and pepper, to taste. For the seasoning: Mix the dry rub, salt, and cayenne together in a small bowl. Preheat deep-fryer with peanut oil to 350 degrees F. For the wings: Add the wings to a large mixing bowl and season with the lemon-pepper seasoning and toss to coat. Allow to sit for a few minutes, so flavors can permeate into the chicken. Add the wings to the deep-fryer and fry until cooked through an <END>
INPUT: Italian, gnocchi, kentucky, goat cheese, goat milk ricotta, eggs, all purpose flour, Kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Goat Cheese Gnocchi with Bacon, Dates and Kentucky Wine Sauce | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 12 ounces fresh goat cheese, at room temperature; 4 ounces fresh goat milk ricotta, or cow milk ricotta if that is all that is available; 2 large eggs, at room temperature; 1/2 to 1 cup all-purpose flour, plus more for dusting; Kosher salt; 6 ounces slab bacon, small diced; 8 to 10 large dates, pitted and small diced (about 1/3 cup); 1/2 cup white wine; 1/2 cup vegetable stock; 1 tablespoon unsalted butter; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1/4 cup chopped fresh parsley | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Combine the goat cheese, ricotta and eggs in a large bowl and mix until smooth and homogenous. Add 1/2 cup of flour and stir until combined. Being careful not to overwork the dough, add more flour, 2 tablespoons at a time, until the dough is smooth and supple (not sticky). If you add too much flour or stir too much you will have very dense little gnocchi and this is not what you want. Wrap the dough in plastic wrap and chill in the fridge for 30 minutes. Meanwhile put on a large pot of water to boil. On a lightly dusted surface, press and shape the dough into an  <END>
INPUT: American, vegas, lobster, onion, garlic, all purpose flour, Hungarian paprika
OUTPUT: TITLE: Vegas style Mac 'N' Cheese with Grilled Lobster | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 3 ounces (6 tablespoons) salted butter; 1 1/2 tablespoons finely minced fresh onion; 1 1/2 tablespoons finely minced fresh garlic; 6 tablespoons all-purpose flour; 1/2 teaspoon Hungarian paprika; 1/4 teaspoon turmeric; 1 teaspoon kosher salt, plus more for pasta water; 1 teaspoon dry mustard; 2 teaspoons hot sauce; 1 quart heavy cream; 1/2 pound processed cheese singles, diced; 4 ounces sharp yellow Cheddar, shredded, plus about 4 cups for topping; 2 ounces Italian fontina cheese, shredded; 4 ounces fresh grated Italian Parmigiano; 2 pounds dry macaroni elbows | INSTRUCTIONS: In a heavy 6-quart saucepan over low heat, melt butter and add onions and garlic. Slowly sweat over low heat until translucent, about 5 minutes. Add flour, stirring to combine, and incorporate all dry ingredients, along with hot sauce. Stir until uniform. Slowly whisk in heavy cream. Raise heat to medium, add cheeses and stir constantly just until cheese is melted. Cook's Note: do not bring this mixture to a boil; the temperature shouldn't exceed 140 degrees F. Bring 2 gallons of salted water (you should be able to taste the salt, about 1/2 cup) to a boil in a 12-quart pot. Add macaroni; boil  <END>
INPUT: stroganov, unsalted butter, all purpose flour, beef broth, olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Beef Stroganov | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1/2 tablespoon all-purpose flour; 1/2 cup beef broth; 1 (1/2 pound) piece beef tenderloin, trimmed, sliced 1/4 inch thick, then cut into 1-inch pieces; 1 tablespoon olive oil; 1/4 cup thinly sliced shallot; 1/2 pound creminis, trimmed and halved (quartered, if large); 2 tablespoons sour cream, at room temperature; 1/2 teaspoon Dijon mustard; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh dill; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 1/8 teaspoon black pepper; Accompaniment: buttered cooked wide egg noodles | INSTRUCTIONS: Melt 1 tablespoon butter in a small heavy saucepan over moderate heat and whisk in flour, then cook roux, whisking constantly, 2 minutes. Add broth in a slow stream, whisking constantly, and bring to a boil. Reduce heat and simmer, whisking occasionally, 3 minutes. Remove from heat and keep warm. Pat beef dry and season well with salt and pepper. Heat 1/2 tablespoon butter with 1/2 tablespoon oil in a 12-inch heavy skillet over moderately high heat until foam subsides. Saute beef turning once, until browned on both sides but still pink inside, about 1 minute. Transfer to a plate with a slotted <END>
INPUT: vegetable oil, all purpose flour, kosher salt, Cajun seasoning, airline chicken breast
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fried Chicken | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 8 cups vegetable oil; 1 cup all-purpose flour; 1 teaspoon kosher salt; 1 teaspoon Cajun seasoning; 8 pieces airline chicken breast; 1/2 cup vegetable oil; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: Deep fryer Preheat the oven to 175 degrees F. Preheat the oil in the deep fryer to 400 degrees F. For the flour: In a bowl, mix the four, salt and Cajun seasoning. For the chicken: Toss the chicken with 1/2 cup of the oil, 1 tablespoon salt and 1 teaspoon pepper, and place on parchment paper. Cook slowly in the oven until the chicken reaches an internal temperature of 165 degrees F, about 1 hour. Remove from the oven and cool. Once cooled, toss the cooked chicken with the seasoned flour and flash fry in the deep fryer. Cook until the skin is crisp, 4 minutes. Remove and allo <END>
INPUT: cured, skin arctic char, kosher salt, sugar, mustard seeds, orange zest
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cured Arctic Char | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 whole large skin-on arctic char, (1-1 1/2 pound), bones removed; 1/3 cup kosher salt; 1/3 cup sugar; 2 teaspoons mustard seeds; 2 teaspoons finely grated orange zest; 1 teaspoon finely grated lemon zest; 2/3 cup finely chopped fresh dill; 2 tablespoons aquavit; 1/4 small red onion, chopped; 1/4 cup apple cider vinegar; 2 teaspoons sugar; 1/2 teaspoons kosher salt; Lefse; Creme fraiche and dill sprigs (for serving); Flaky sea salt (such as Maldon) | INSTRUCTIONS: Cured char: Rinse char under cold running water; pat dry with paper towels. Mix salt, sugar, mustard seeds, orange zest, and lemon zest in a small bowl, then massage into char. Place skin side down in a baking dish; top with dill and drizzle with aquavit. Cover tightly with plastic wrap, pressing directly onto fish. Chill, turning 2–3 times and pouring off any accumulated liquid each time, until flesh is very firm and almost translucent, 2–4 days (it will get saltier and firmer the longer it sits). Thoroughly rinse char and pat dry with paper towels. DO AHEAD: Char can be cured (and rinsed) 1  <END>
INPUT: dessert, eggs, pkg. cake mix, pkg., Florida's Natural® Premium, canola oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Orange Dessert Cake | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 eggs; 1 pkg. yellow cake mix; 1 pkg. (3-oz.) lemon Jell-O mix; 3/4 cup Florida's Natural® Premium Orange Juice; 1/2 cup canola oil; 1/3 cup lemon juice; 2 cups powdered sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Mix eggs until frothy. Blend in cake mix, Jell-O mix, orange juice, and canola oil. Mix for 10 minutes. Pour into greased and floured bundt pan. Bake for 50-60 minutes until knife comes out clean. Let set for 10 minutes. Turn onto cake plate. Mix lemon juice and powdered sugar in bowl for glaze. With a toothpick, poke several holes on surface of cake. Pour glaze over top. Garnish base of cake with mandarin orange slices and mint sprigs. <END>
INPUT: salad, potatoes, kalamata olives, Tbs. rosemary, olive oil, apple cider vinegar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Potato Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1-1/2 lbs. red potatoes, not small new potatoes, sliced 1/4 -inch thick; 1/2 cup chopped kalamata olives; 1 Tbs. fresh rosemary, finely chopped; 3/4 cup olive oil, plus 2 Tbs; 3/4 cup apple cider vinegar; 2 tsp. Dijon mustard; salt and pepper to taste; non-stick cooking spray | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat grill. Wash red potatoes and pat dry. Slice potatoes into 1/4" thick disks. Toss them in 2 tablespoons olive oil and salt and pepper in a large mixing bowl. Spray the grill grates with the non-stick cooking spray and lay potato slices down. Grill 5-8 minutes per side. Meanwhile, in a small mixing bowl whisk together mustard, vinegar, oil salt and pepper to make a vinaigrette. Stir in rosemary and olives. When potatoes are tender, transfer them back to the large mixing bowl and pour vinaigrette over them and toss well while still warm. The potatoes will absorb the vinaigrette. <END>
INPUT: herb, crusted, pork tenderloin, virgin olive oil, Kosher salt pepper, scallions, parsley
OUTPUT: TITLE: Herb-Crusted Pork Tenderloin with Tomato Rice | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 large pork tenderloin (about 1 1/4 pounds), trimmed; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper; 1 bunch scallions, finely chopped; 3 tablespoons finely chopped fresh parsley, plus more for topping; 3 tablespoons finely chopped fresh dill; 2 stalks celery, thinly sliced; 4 cloves garlic, minced; 1 cup converted rice; 1 14-ounce can no-salt-added diced tomatoes; 3 tablespoons grated parmesan cheese, plus more for topping | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the broiler and line a baking sheet with foil. Pat the pork dry, brush with 1 tablespoon olive oil and season with salt and pepper. Toss half each of the scallions, parsley and dill in a small bowl; rub all over the pork. Transfer to the baking sheet and set aside. Heat the remaining 1 tablespoon olive oil in a large Dutch oven or pot over medium-high heat. Add the remaining scallions, the celery, garlic and rice. Cook, stirring, until the vegetables are tender, about 2 minutes. Add the tomatoes, 2 cups water and 1 teaspoon salt. Bring to a boil, then reduce the heat to medium low; cov <END>
INPUT: American, skillet, onions, Four skirt steaks, olive oil, Worcestershire sauce, garlic, orange juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Skillet Seared Skirt Steak, Red Onions and Shishito Peppers with Arugula Salad in Honeybell Orange V | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: Four 10-ounce skirt steaks; 1/4 cup plus 1/8 cup olive oil; 2 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce; 1 tablespoon garlic, minced; 1 tablespoon orange juice; 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard; 1 shallot, minced; 3 tablespoons olive oil; 12 shishito peppers; 1 red onion, sliced and separated into rings; 1 teaspoon fresh tarragon, finely chopped; 1/2 teaspoon fresh rosemary, finely chopped; 2 tablespoons champagne vinegar; Salt and ground black pepper; 3 tablespoons champagne vinegar | INSTRUCTIONS: For the steaks: Place the skirt steaks in a nonreactive container. Combine 1/4 cup oil, the Worcestershire, garlic, juice, mustard and shallots in a food processor and blend until smooth. Pour the mixture over the steaks, coating with the marinade. Marinate in the refrigerator for at least 4 hours or up to overnight. For the peppers and onions: Heat the oil over high heat in a saute pan and sear the peppers and onions for 2 to 3 minutes. Stir in the tarragon and rosemary. Sprinkle in the vinegar and toss to coat. Season with salt and pepper. For the salad and vinaigrette: Mix together the vine <END>
INPUT: vinaigrette, shallot, mustard, wine vinegar, Salt pepper, virgin olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mixed Baby Greens With Mustard Vinaigrette | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 small shallot, chopped; 1 tablespoon dry mustard; 3 tablespoon red wine vinegar; Salt and pepper; 2/3 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 1 pound mixed baby greens, rinsed and spun dry | INSTRUCTIONS: In a bowl, combine the shallot, mustard, vinegar and season with salt and pepper. While whisking, drizzle in the olive oil. Pour vinaigrette over the greens, tosses and serve immediately. <END>
INPUT: dipping, Kosher coarse salt, Handful parsley, lemon, artichokes, mayonnaise
OUTPUT: TITLE: Steamed Artichokes with Harissa Mayonnaise Dipping Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Kosher or coarse salt; Handful fresh parsley sprigs, optional; 1/2 lemon, sliced, optional; 2 large artichokes; 1/2 cup mayonnaise; 2 teaspoons minced fresh flat-leaf parsley; 1 teaspoon fresh lemon juice; 1 teaspoon harissa sauce; Kosher or coarse salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: For the artichokes: Fill a pot (large enough to hold both the artichokes) with 2 inches of water. Add salt to taste and the parsley sprigs and lemon slices if using. Trim each artichoke by holding it firmly on its side and slicing off the top 1/2 inch or so, then cutting off the stem close to the base. Remove the smaller tough leaves around the base of the artichoke. Rinse the artichoke, separating the leaves as you do this. If you wish, you can cut off the tips of each leaf with scissors. Put the artichokes in the pot (the stem ends can be up or down, it doesn't matter), cover the pot and bri <END>
INPUT: candy, chocolate, Powdered food colors, cocoa butter, bittersweet chocolate, Special equipment
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate Pumpkin Candy Dish | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 32 ounces white chocolate, tempered; Powdered food colors; 8 ounces cocoa butter, melted; 16 ounces bittersweet chocolate, tempered; Special equipment, See source link for information:; Halloween transfer sheet; 3-dimensional pumpkin dish mold | INSTRUCTIONS: Make the pumpkin candies: Fill a piping bag with tempered white chocolate. Fill each pumpkin cavity with the chocolate and allow it to set. You can place the mold in the refrigerator for 10 to 15 minutes to help the chocolate to harden. When set, the pumpkin candies should pop out of the mold. You can serve them as they are or you can sandwich 2 together. To sandwich them together, pipe a little of the white chocolate on the back of 1 piece and press another candy back-to-back. Let the chocolate harden. Make the pumpkin candy dish: Place some powdered orange food color in a small bowl. Add a f <END>
INPUT: pickled herring fillets, onion, fennel bulb, sour cream, grain Dijon mustard
OUTPUT: TITLE: Herring in Mustard Sour Cream on Rye Bread | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 pickled herring fillets, sliced into 1/4" pieces; 1/4 medium onion, finely chopped; 1/4 small fennel bulb, finely chopped; 1 cup sour cream; 2 tablespoons whole grain Dijon mustard; 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh chives; 1 tablespoon finely grated peeled horseradish or 2 teaspoons prepared horseradish; 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice; Kosher salt, freshly ground pepper; 8 slices dark seeded bread or rye bread, cut into squares or triangles; Fresh parsley leaves (for serving) | INSTRUCTIONS: Mix pickled herring, onion, fennel, sour cream, mustard, chives, horseradish, and lemon juice in a small bowl; season with salt, pepper, and more lemon if desired. Transfer to a large jar; cover and chill at least 12 hours and up to 2 weeks. Serve herring mixture on bread topped with parsley. Mix pickled herring, onion, fennel, sour cream, mustard, chives, horseradish, and lemon juice in a small bowl; season with salt, pepper, and more lemon if desired. Transfer to a large jar; cover and chill at least 12 hours and up to 2 weeks. Serve herring mixture on bread topped with parsley. <END>
INPUT: spiced, pure maple syrup, apple juice, cinnamon, allspice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Baked Spiced Butternut Squash with Apples and Maple Syrup | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup (1 stick) butter; 3/4 cup pure maple syrup; 1/4 cup apple juice; 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1/2 teaspoon ground allspice; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 3 small butternut squashes, peeled, halved lengthwise, seeded, cut crosswise into 1/3-inch-thick slices; 4 6-ounce Granny Smith apples, peeled, halved, cored, cut into 1/4-inch-thick slices | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 400°F. Butter 13 x 9 x 2-inch glass baking dish. Stir butter, maple syrup and apple juice in small saucepan over medium-low heat until butter melts. Increase heat and boil until mixture is slightly reduced, about 5 minutes. Remove from heat; whisk in cinnamon, allspice and salt. Arrange 1/3 of squash slices in prepared dish. Top with half of apple slices, then 1/3 of squash slices. Arrange remaining slices of squash and apple atop, alternating squash and apple slices and overlapping slightly. Sprinkle lightly with salt and pepper. Pour maple syrup mixture over. Cover baking dis <END>
INPUT: Italian, venetian, soup, borlotti, water, virgin olive oil, onions, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Venetian-Style Bean and Pasta Soup | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound dried borlotti (cranberry) beans (2 2/3 cups), picked over and rinsed; 10 cups water; 1/2 cup plus 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil plus additional for drizzling; 2 medium onions, chopped; 1 3/4 teaspoons salt; 2 medium carrots, chopped; 2 celery ribs, chopped; 5 large garlic cloves, finely chopped; 1/4 cup chopped fresh flat-leaf parsley; 1 teaspoon dried rosemary, crumbled; 1/4 teaspoon black pepper; 1 roughly 3- by 2-inch piece Parmigiano-Reggiano rind (optional); 3/4 pound dried ditalini or other small tubular pasta | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring beans and water (10 cups) to a boil in a 4- to 5-quart heavy pot and boil 2 minutes. Remove from heat and let stand, covered, 1 hour. (Do not drain beans or discard soaking liquid.) Heat 1/4 cup oil in a wide 6- to 8-quart heavy pot over moderately high heat until hot but not smoking, then sauté onions with 1/2 teaspoon salt, stirring occasionally, until beginning to brown, 7 to 8 minutes. Add carrots, celery, garlic, parsley, rosemary, and pepper and sauté, stirring occasionally, 5 minutes. Add beans with soaking liquid and Parmigiano-Reggiano rind (if using) and simmer, covered, stirri <END>
INPUT: Asian, ginger, garlic, onion, hot bean paste, vegetable oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spicy Spring Roll | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons chopped ginger; 2 tablespoons chopped garlic; 3 tablespoons chopped green onion; 1 tablespoon hot bean paste or red chili paste; 1 tablespoon vegetable oil; 1 cup fresh bean sprouts; 1 cup grated carrot; 1 cup finely sliced Savoy cabbage; 1 red pepper, julienned; 5 shiitake mushrooms, julienned; 3 tablespoons mirin (Japanese rice wine); 1 tablespoon hoisin sauce; 1/4 cup soy sauce; 12 spring roll wrappers; 1cup peeled, grated cucumber | INSTRUCTIONS: In a very hot wok briefly saute the ginger, garlic, green onion, and chili paste in the oil. Add the bean sprouts, carrots, Savoy cabbage, red pepper, and mushrooms and cook at high heat until vegetables begin to soften. Add the mirin, hoisin sauce and soy sauce. Remove from heat and let rest in a bowl at room temperature. Place the spring roll wrappers under a damp cloth to keep them moist. Place wrapper one at a time on a hard surface with one corner pointing towards you. Spoon cooled ingredients into the center. Add a tablespoon of grated cucumber and a sprinkle of cilantro. Fold the side c <END>
INPUT: sandwiches, olives, virgin olive oil, ciabatta other rolls, bratwurst, bottled piquillo peppers
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sausage, Arugula, and Piquillo Pepper Sandwiches | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup finely chopped green olives; 1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil; 4 ciabatta or other rolls about the length of sausages, split; 4 bratwurst, andouille, or other flavorful, fully cooked sausages, split; 1/2 cup bottled piquillo peppers or roasted red peppers, drained and cut into strips; 2 cups baby arugula | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine olives and oil, then spread on bottom halves of rolls. Heat a grill pan or large heavy skillet (not nonstick) over medium-high heat until hot, then heat sausages until hot, about 8 minutes. Make sandwiches on rolls with peppers, sausages, and arugula. Cut in half. Combine olives and oil, then spread on bottom halves of rolls. Heat a grill pan or large heavy skillet (not nonstick) over medium-high heat until hot, then heat sausages until hot, about 8 minutes. Make sandwiches on rolls with peppers, sausages, and arugula. Cut in half. <END>
INPUT: vegetables, Fine sea salt, virgin olive oil, garlic, thyme
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Rabbit and Vegetables | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 (3 to 4 pound) rabbit, cut into 8 pieces; Fine sea salt and freshly ground white pepper; 1/2 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 4 garlic cloves, thinly sliced; 1 bunch thyme; 1 bunch rosemary; 2 tomatoes, halved; 1 eggplant, sliced crosswise into 1/2-inch-thick pieces; 2 round zucchini, sliced on a bias into 1/2-inch thickness (you can substitute regular zucchini) | INSTRUCTIONS: Prepare a grill or heat up a grill pan. If available, place a piece of slate on the grill and heat for at least 5 minutes. Meanwhile, place the rabbit on a platter and season with salt and pepper. Drizzle 3 tablespoons of olive oil over and scatter garlic slices from 3 cloves, 8 sprigs of thyme and 4 sprigs of rosemary (halved to make 8). Allow it to marinate while the grill is heating. When the slate is hot, place the rabbit pieces on the slate. Cook on each side until the rabbit is nicely seared and cooked through, about 5 to 7 minutes per side. Remove the garlic cloves and discard if they b <END>
INPUT: Italian, smashed, potatoes, kosher salt, half half, sour cream
OUTPUT: TITLE: Parmesan Smashed Potatoes | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 3 pounds red potatoes, unpeeled; 1 tablespoon kosher salt plus 2 teaspoons; 1 1/2 cups half-and-half; 1/4 pound (1 stick) unsalted butter; 1/2 cup sour cream; 1/2 cup freshly grated Parmesan; 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Place the potatoes and 1 tablespoon of salt in a 4-quart saucepan with cold water to cover. Bring to a boil, lower the heat, and simmer covered for 25 to 35 minutes, until the potatoes are completely tender. Drain. In a small saucepan, heat the half-and-half and butter. Transfer the potatoes to an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment and mix them for a few seconds on low speed to break them up. Slowly add the hot cream and butter to the potatoes, mixing on the lowest speed (the last quarter of cream and butter should be folded in by hand). Fold in the sour cream, Parmesan, the rema <END>
INPUT: buns, milk, active yeast, granulated sugar, unsalted butter, pure vanilla extract
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pumpkin Spice Buns | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup whole milk; One 1/4-ounce package active dry yeast (2 1/4 teaspoons); 1/4 cup granulated sugar; 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, plus more for greasing the bowl and plastic wrap; 2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract; 1 large egg yolk; 2 3/4 cups all-purpose flour, plus more for dusting; 3/4 teaspoon fine salt; 1 1/2 sticks (12 tablespoons) unsalted butter, softened, plus extra for greasing the pan; 1/2 cup granulated sugar; 2 tablespoons pumpkin spice blend; 1/2 cup pure pumpkin puree; 1 1/2 cups confectioners' sugar; 1/2 stick (4 tablespoons) unsalted butter, melted; 3 tablespoons whole milk | INSTRUCTIONS: For the dough: Add the milk and 1/2 cup water to a medium saucepan and warm over low heat until it is about 100 degrees F (but no more than 110 degrees F). Remove from the heat and sprinkle the yeast over the surface over the liquid. Sprinkle a pinch of the granulated sugar over the top and set aside without stirring, until foamy, about 5 minutes. Whisk in 4 tablespoons of the butter, the vanilla and egg yolk until well combined. Whisk the flour, remaining granulated sugar and 3/4 teaspoon of salt together in a large bowl. Make a well in the center of the flour and use a wooden spoon to stir i <END>
INPUT: pork loin chops, assorted baby bell, Kosher salt pepper, virgin olive oil, shallots
OUTPUT: TITLE: Peach-Glazed Pork Chops with Peppers | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 bone-in pork rib or loin chops (1 inch thick, 10 to 12 ounces each); 16 assorted baby bell peppers (about 1 pound), stemmed; Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper; 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 2 shallots, thinly sliced; 2 teaspoons finely chopped fresh thyme; 1 cup peach jam or guava jelly; 2 tablespoons ketchup; 1 1/2 tablespoons soy sauce; 2 avocados; Juice of 2 limes; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh chives or scallion greens | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat a grill to medium. Put the pork chops and bell peppers in a shallow dish; season with salt and pepper. Heat 2 tablespoons olive oil, the shallots and 1 teaspoon thyme in a medium saucepan over medium heat. Cook until the shallots are softened, 3 minutes. Whisk in the jam until dissolved. Remove from the heat. Whisk in the ketchup, soy sauce and a few ice cubes; stir until the ice melts and the glaze cools. Pour half of the mixture over the pork and peppers; let sit 5 minutes. Reserve the remaining glaze for brushing. Grill the pork, brushing with some of the reserved glaze, until cooke <END>
INPUT: mashed, roasted sweet potatoes, butter, milk, egg, cinnamon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mashed Sweet Potatoes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 roasted sweet potatoes, peeled; 6 tablespoons butter; 1/2 cup warm milk; 1 egg, lightly beaten; 1/2 teaspoon cinnamon; Salt and pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large bowl, mash roasted sweet potatoes with butter. Beat in milk, egg and cinnamon. Transfer to a buttered baking dish and bake for 20 to 30 minutes. Serve hot. <END>
INPUT: crusted, unsalted butter, horseradish, plain bread crumbs, Salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Horseradish Crusted Salmon | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound unsalted butter; 1 fresh horseradish, peeled and grated; 2 cups dried plain bread crumbs; 1 (3 pound) salmon fillet; Salt and freshly ground pepper; 3 tablespoons unsalted butter; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 4 tablespoons unsalted butter; 4 shallots, minced; 4 cucumbers, peeled, seeded and sliced; 2 small bunches fresh dill, trimmed and snipped; 1 bunch fresh chives, snipped; 3 tablespoons unsalted butter; 2 shallots, minced; 1 cup dry white vermouth | INSTRUCTIONS: To make the crust. In a food processor, combine the butter and horseradish. Process until mixture comes together. Add the bread crumbs in a stream and process until combined well. Transfer to a sheet of plastic, cover with another sheet of plastic and smooth into a thin layer and . Chill.; Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F. Cut the salmon fillet into 4 portions and season with salt and pepper. In a saute pan, over moderately high heat cook the butter and oil until hot and add the salmon. Sear both sides. Divide crust among salmon fillets and transfer to oven. Bake for 5 minutes. Arrange cucumb <END>
INPUT: Italian, sandwiches, plum tomato, olive paste, basil leaves, mozzarella, trimmed arugula
OUTPUT: TITLE: Prosciutto, Mozzarella, and Olive Sandwiches on Parmesan Focaccia | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 large plum tomato; 3 tablespoons black olive paste; 1/4 cup chopped fresh basil leaves; 1 pound fresh mozzarella; 4 cups trimmed arugula; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1 Parmesan Focaccia; 1/2 pound thinly sliced prosciutto | INSTRUCTIONS: Seed tomato and chop fine. In a bowl stir together tomato, olive paste, and basil. Cut mozzarella into thin slices. Coarsely chop arugula and in a bowl toss with oil and salt and pepper to taste. Halve focaccia horizontally and spread bottom half with olive mixture. Top olive mixture with mozzarella, prosciutto, arugula, and remaining focaccia half. Press focaccia gently and cut lengthwise in half and crosswise into thirds to make 6 sandwiches. Cut sandwiches diagonally in half and wrap tightly in plastic wrap. Chill sandwiches at least 1 hour and up to 1 day. Seed tomato and chop fine. In a b <END>
INPUT: dressing, olive oil, wine vinegar, cream, garlic, slice onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roquefort Cream Dressing | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 cup olive oil; 2 tablespoons wine vinegar; 3 tablespoons cream; 1/2 clove garlic; 1/4-inch slice of onion; 3-ounce package of Roquefort cheese; 1 teaspoon salt; 1/2 teaspoon pepper; Dash of cayenne | INSTRUCTIONS: Put all ingredients into a blender in the order given. Blend for half a minute. If you like a lumpy dressing, blend only half the cheese; mash the rest and add it later. If you do not use a blender, beat the oil, vinegar, salt and pepper in a bowl until thoroughly blended. Mince the garlic fine and use 1 tablespoon of grated onion. Mash the cheese with this, adding the cream. Then combine the two mixtures and beat hard. This dressing may be kept on hand in the refrigerator; it solidifies as it chills, but readily softens at room temperature. Put all ingredients into a blender in the order give <END>
INPUT: American, choice eye steaks, eye rub, Salt pepper, Chili powder, Cayenne pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Rib-eye Steak | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 4 choice rib-eye steaks; Rib-eye rub, recipe follows; Salt and ground black pepper; Chili powder; Cayenne pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat a grill to high heat. Place rib-eye steaks on a large platter and season with rub on all sides. Transfer seasoned steaks to the hot grill, and cook for 4 to 6 minutes on each side for medium-rare, longer if desired. Remove steaks and let rest for 5 to 10 minutes before serving. In a small bowl, combine all ingredients, to taste. Adjust the ratio of spices to your preference.; <END>
INPUT: fruit, sponge cake tart, limoncello liqueur, heavy cream, mascarpone cheese, lemon curd
OUTPUT: TITLE: Limoncello and Lemon Cream Fruit Tart | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 store-bought sponge cake tart shell, 12-inch diameter, available in produce or bakery departments; 2 ounces chilled limoncello liqueur; 1 cup heavy cream; 1 cup mascarpone cheese; 1/3 cup lemon curd; 1/2 pint raspberries; 1/2 pint blackberries; 2 teaspoons lemon zest; 2 tablespoons very thinly sliced mint leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: Remove the tart cake from the packaging, put it on a cake plate and douse with the liqueur. In a small bowl whisk or beat the cream, mascarpone cheese and lemon curd to combine. Fill the tart with the cheese mixture and top with the berries, lemon zest and mint. <END>
INPUT: Italian, gratin, penne, shallots, mushrooms, thyme
OUTPUT: TITLE: Gratin of Penne, Turkey, and Mushrooms | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 12 ounces penne; 2 tablespoons (1/4 stick) butter; 2/3 cup sliced shallots (about 5); 1 pound mushrooms, sliced; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh thyme; 1 1/2 cups turkey gravy (preferably homemade); 1 1/2 cups (packed) coarsely grated Gruyère cheese (about 6 ounces), divided; 1/2 cup whipping cream; 3 cups diced cooked turkey meat (about 1 pound) | INSTRUCTIONS: Position rack in top third of oven; preheat to 350°F. Butter 13x9x2-inch glass or ceramic baking dish. Cook pasta in large pot of boiling salted water until tender but still firm to bite. Drain. Melt 2 tablespoons butter in large nonstick skillet over medium-high heat. Add shallots; sauté 1 minute. Add mushrooms and thyme; sauté until mushrooms are tender and dark brown, about 12 minutes. Add pasta, gravy, 1 cup cheese, and cream to mushroom mixture; stir to blend. Mix in turkey. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Transfer to prepared baking dish. Sprinkle with remaining 1/2 cup cheese. Bak <END>
INPUT: smoked paprika, salt, onion powder, cayenne pepper, cumin
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pat's Beer Can Grilled Chicken | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons smoked paprika; 2 tablespoons salt; 2 tablespoons onion powder; 1 tablespoon cayenne pepper; 1 tablespoon ground cumin; 2 teaspoons dried thyme; 2 teaspoons dried oregano; 2 teaspoons black pepper; 2 teaspoons garlic powder; 4 pounds chicken, washed and dried; Vegetable oil; Beer Can Chicken Rub; 1 (12-ounce) can beer | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. For the chicken rub: In a small bowl mix all the ingredients together and use for the grilled chicken. You can store extra rub mixture in an airtight container for up to 6 months. For the chicken: Preheat your grill to medium-high heat. Rub the chicken and its cavity down with the vegetable oil. Season the chicken with rub mixture, remembering to season the cavity. Pour out 1/4 of the beer and sit the chicken on top of the beer can. Place the chicken in the center of the hot grill and cover. Cook the chicken for 1 to 1 1/2 hours, or until an instant-read thermome <END>
INPUT: coffee, cake, all purpose flour, stoneground cornmeal, sugar, baking powder, baking soda
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cornmeal Apple Coffee Cake | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/3 cups all-purpose flour; 2/3 cup stoneground cornmeal; 1/3 cup brown sugar; 1 tablespoon baking powder; 1 teaspoon baking soda; Pinch of salt; 1/2 cup plain yogurt; 1/4 cup whole milk; 2 large eggs plus 1 egg white; 2 tablespoons vegetable oil; 2 large apples, peeled, cored and diced; 1 teaspoon cinnamon | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F. Lightly oil a 9 inch round cake pan and set aside. Place the flour, cornmeal, brown sugar, baking powder, baking soda and salt in a large bowl and mix to combine. In a small bowl, combine the yogurt and milk, and whisk in the eggs, egg white and oil and set aside. Toss the apples with the cinnamon. Add to the dry ingredients and toss to coat the fruit. Add the yogurt mixture and, using a rubber spatula, mix until just combined. The mixture will be lumpy, but should not be overmixed. Pour the mixture into the prepared cake pan, spreading it out to the edges. Bake  <END>
INPUT: Italian, sun tomatoes, water, chicken broth, onion, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sun-Dried Tomato Risotto | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1- ounce sun-dried tomatoes; 1 cup water; 2 1/2 cups chicken broth; 1 cup finely chopped onion; 1 garlic clove, minced; 4 tablespoons olive oil; 1 cup arborio rice; 1/4 cup freshly grated Parmesan; finely chopped fresh parsley leaves for sprinkling risotto if desired | INSTRUCTIONS: In a small saucepan simmer the tomatoes in the water for 1 minute, drain them, reserving the liquid, and chop them. In a saucepan combine the reserved cooking liquid and the broth, bring the liquid to a simmer. In a large saucepan cook the onion and the garlic in the oil over moderately low heat, stirring, until they are softened, add the rice, stirring until each grain is coated with oil, and stir in the tomatoes. Add 1/2 cup of the simmering liquid is absorbed. Continue adding the liquid, 1/2 cup at a time, stirring constantly and letting each portion be absorbed adding the next, until the r <END>
INPUT: Mexican, mole, turkey thighs, onion, celery, cilantro
OUTPUT: TITLE: Turkey Mole | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 6 to 8 turkey thighs (3/4 pound each); 1/2 large white onion; 2 stalks celery, quartered; 1 large bunch cilantro (about 1 cup sprigs); 2 whole cloves; 4 allspice berries; 1/4 star anise pod (break off a point); 5 black peppercorns; Kosher salt; 4 medium tomatillos, husked; 2 medium tomatoes; 4 cloves garlic, unpeeled; 1/2 large white onion; 3/4 cup vegetable oil or lard; 8 dried ancho chiles, stemmed and seeded (seeds reserved) | INSTRUCTIONS: Make the turkey: Put the turkey, onion, celery, cilantro sprigs, cloves, allspice, star anise, peppercorns and 1 teaspoon salt in a large pot; add cold water to cover. Bring to a simmer over medium-high heat, then reduce the heat to medium low and simmer until very tender, about 1 hour, 30 minutes. Remove the turkey with tongs and transfer to a plate to cool slightly. Strain the broth through a fine-mesh sieve into a large measuring cup or bowl. You should have about 8 cups broth; if you have more, simmer until reduced to 8 cups. Skim the fat off the surface. Remove the turkey skin; refrigerat <END>
INPUT: eyed peas, onion, garlic, mushrooms, olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken Fricassée with Black-Eyed Peas and Spinach | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup dried black-eyed peas; 1 medium onion; 2 garlic cloves; 10 ounces white mushrooms; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1/2 teaspoon dried thyme; 1/4 cup dry Sherry; 4 skinless boneless chicken breast halves (about 1 1/2 pounds total); 2 tablespoons all-purpose flour; 2 1/4 cups chicken broth; 1 pound spinach; 1/2 cup heavy cream; 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard | INSTRUCTIONS: Quick-soak black-eyed peas. Chop onion and mince garlic. Cut mushrooms into 1/4-inch-thick slices. In a 4-quart heavy kettle cook onion and garlic in 1 tablespoon oil over moderate heat, stirring occasionally, until onion is softened. Add mushrooms and thyme and cook, stirring, until mushrooms are tender and liquid from mushrooms is evaporated. Stir in Sherry and simmer 1 minute. Transfer mixture to a bowl. Pat chicken dry and cut crosswise into 1/2-inch-thick slices. Season chicken with salt and pepper. In kettle heat remaining tablespoon oil over moderately high heat until hot but not smokin <END>
INPUT: diameter fennel bulbs, virgin olive oil, long slender carrots, diameter shallots, Italian parsley
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Fennel, Carrots, and Shallots | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 3-to 4-inch-diameter fennel bulbs, tops trimmed, fronds reserved; 4 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, divided; 8 long slender carrots, peeled, cut on deep diagonal into 1/4-inch-thick ovals; 12 1-to 1 1/2-inch-diameter shallots, blanched 1 minute, peeled, cut in half through root end; Chopped fresh Italian parsley | INSTRUCTIONS: Position 1 rack in top third and 1 rack in bottom third of oven and preheat to 425°F. Brush 2 large rimmed baking sheets with oil; warm sheets in oven 10 minutes. Quarter fennel bulbs through core. Cut each quarter into 3 wedges; place in large bowl. Add 2 tablespoons oil, sprinkle with salt and pepper, and toss fennel to coat. Combine carrots and shallots in another large bowl. Add 2 tablespoons oil, sprinkle with salt and pepper, and toss to coat. Spread fennel on 1 hot baking sheet and carrot-shallot mixture on second sheet. Return sheets to oven; roast vegetables 10 minutes. Reverse sheets <END>
INPUT: marmalade, olive oil, onions, pepper, apple cider vinegar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Red Onion Marmalade | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup olive oil; 6 cups thinly sliced red onions (about 3 1/4 pounds); 1/2 teaspoon dried crushed red pepper; 1 cup (packed) dark brown sugar; 3/4 cup apple cider vinegar; 1/2 cup dry Sherry; 1 1/2 tablespoons grated peeled fresh ginger; 1/2 cup raisins | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat oil in heavy large pot over medium heat. Add onions and dried red pepper. Cover and cook until onions are tender, stirring occasionally, about 15 minutes. Add brown sugar, vinegar, Sherry and ginger. Cook uncovered until onions are very tender and mixture is thick, stirring frequently, about 20 minutes. Add raisins and cook until mixture is very thick and dark, stirring frequently, about 20 minutes. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Cool completely. (Can be prepared 4 days ahead. Cover and refrigerate.) Heat oil in heavy large pot over medium heat. Add onions and dried red pepper. Cov <END>
INPUT: swansonandreg, gravy, beef bottom round, Swanson® Beef Stock, all purpose flour
OUTPUT: TITLE: Swansonandreg; Roast Beef with Gravy | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 1/2- to 4-pound boneless beef bottom round roast or chuck pot roast; 1 3/4 cups Swanson® Beef Stock; 3 tablespoons all-purpose flour | INSTRUCTIONS: Place the beef into a roasting pan. Roast at 350 degrees F for about 1 hour or until the beef is cooked through, basting occasionally with 1/2 cup stock. Remove the beef from the pan and keep warm. Pour off any fat, reserving 1 tablespoon drippings. Stir the drippings and flour in the roasting pan. Gradually stir in the remaining stock. Cook and stir over medium heat until the mixture boils and thickens. Season to taste, if desired. Serve the gravy with the beef. <END>
INPUT: truffle, sized shallots, quails, kosher salt, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pan Roasted Quail | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 shaved slices fresh truffle; 6 medium sized shallots, peeled; 6 whole quails; 2 teaspoons kosher salt; 1 teaspoon freshly ground pepper; 2 tablespoons olive oil; Serving suggestion:; Toasted Quinoa with Prosciutto, recipe follows; Date and Fig Chutney, recipe follows; 1 tablespoon unsalted butter; 1 tablespoon olive oil; 1/2 cup finely chopped white onion; 1 shallot, finely chopped; 1 clove garlic, finely chopped; 1 cup quinoa, rinsed well, see Cook's Note* | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: large heavy bottomed ovenproof skillet Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Place 1 truffle shaving and 1 shallot into the cavity of each quail. Season the quail with salt and pepper. Heat the olive oil over high heat in a large heavy bottomed ovenproof skillet. Place the quail in the skillet breast side down and cook until the skin is golden brown in color. Turn the quail and cook for 3 more minutes. Place the skillet directly in the oven and roast for approximately 10 minutes. Let the quail rest for 5 minutes before serving. Heat the butter and olive oil in a skillet over me <END>
INPUT: oatmeal, cookies, bacon, cake flour, baking powder, kosher salt, baking soda
OUTPUT: TITLE: Bacon, Oatmeal, and Raisin Cookies | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 8 ounces sliced bacon, cut into 1/4" squares; 2 1/4 cups cake flour; 1 teaspoon baking powder; 1 teaspoon kosher salt; 1/2 teaspoon baking soda; 1 cup (packed) dark brown sugar; 2/3 cup sugar; 1/2 cup (1 stick) unsalted butter, room temperature; 2 large eggs; 1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract; 1 cup old-fashioned oats; 2/3 cup raisins | INSTRUCTIONS: Line 2 baking sheets with parchment paper. Cook bacon in a large skillet over medium-low heat, stirring occasionally, until deep golden brown and crisp. Using a slotted spoon, transfer bacon to paper towels. Whisk flour and next 3 ingredients in a medium bowl. Using an electric mixer, beat both sugars and butter in a large bowl, occasionally scraping down sides, until well blended, 2-3 minutes. Add eggs one at a time, mixing well between additions. Add vanilla; mix on medium speed until pale and fluffy, 4-5 minutes. Mix in dry ingredients. Fold bacon, oats, and raisins into batter and stir unt <END>
INPUT: barbecued, dressing, well trimmed racks, olive oil, mint leaves, wine vinegar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Barbecued Rack of Lamb with Tomato-Mint Dressing | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 16 whole cloves; 2 well-trimmed 8-rib racks of lamb, each about 1 1/4 pounds, each cut into 4 double chops; 2/3 cup olive oil; 1/2 cup chopped fresh mint leaves; 1/4 cup white wine vinegar; 1 tablespoon whole grain Dijon mustard; 2 plum tomatoes, seeded, chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: Press 2 whole cloves, close to bone, into each double lamb chop. Arrange chops in 13x9x2-inch glass baking dish. Whisk oil, mint, vinegar, and mustard in small bowl to blend. Season dressing generously with salt and pepper. Spoon 1/3 cup dressing over lamb and turn to coat evenly; reserve remaining dressing in bowl. Let lamb marinate at room temperature 2 hours or cover and refrigerate up to 6 hours, turning lamb occasionally. Prepare barbecue (medium-high heat). Mix tomatoes into reserved dressing in bowl. Grill lamb until cooked to desired doneness, turning occasionally, about 10 minutes for <END>
INPUT: Italian, pasta, salad, elbow macaroni, olive oil, wine vinegar, bell pepper, pimento
OUTPUT: TITLE: Turkey Mayonnaise with Pasta Salad | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cups elbow macaroni, or small shells (3 cups cooked); 2/3 cup olive oil; 1/4 white wine vinegar; 1/4 cup finely diced green bell pepper; 1/4 cup finely diced pimento; Boston lettuce leaves, washed; 1/2 cup mayonnaise; 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard; 2 cups cooked turkey, cut into 3/4-inch dice; 2 hard boiled eggs, peeled and chopped; 2 tablespoons finely sliced scallion | INSTRUCTIONS: Boil the pasta in salted water. When done remove, drain and refresh under cold water to stop the cooking process. While pasta is cooking, make a dressing by whisking together the olive oil and vinegar and season well, to taste, with salt and pepper. Add the bell pepper and pimento and toss with the elbows. Set elbows in a wreath over washed Boston lettuce. Also make a dressing with the mayonnaise and Dijon mustard and combine with cooked turkey. Center this in middle of elbow macaroni wreath and garnish with chopped hard boiled egg and scallions. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, rode, quesadilla, sweet spicy turkey, onion, cilantro, baby portobello mushrooms, cayenne pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: A Horse Rode in on a Turkey Quesadilla | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound sweet and spicy turkey sausage; 1/2 red onion, diced; 1 bunch cilantro, leaves chopped; 1 package baby portobello mushrooms, diced; 1 tablespoon cayenne pepper, or to taste; 2 teaspoons crushed red pepper flakes, or to taste; 5 large tortillas; 1 pound horseradish Cheddar, sliced; 1 package shredded sharp Cheddar; 1 cup sour cream; 1 cup buffalo sauce (recommended: Moore's Buffalo Wing Sauce) | INSTRUCTIONS: Peal the casing off the turkey sausage and add it to a large bowl. Mash the sausage into small pieces and add the onion, cilantro, mushrooms, cayenne, and crushed red pepper flakes. Stir together until well combined. Heat a large skillet, over high heat and add the sausage mixture. Stir and cook until well browned, about 5 to 6 minutes. Lightly spray a separate pan with cooking spray and put over high heat. Add 1 tortilla to the pan and put a layer of horseradish Cheddar cheese on half of the tortilla. Top with a layer of the turkey sausage mixture and a thin layer of shredded Cheddar cheese.  <END>
INPUT: American, metropolitan, grill, salad oil, parsley, onion, flour, milk
OUTPUT: TITLE: Metropolitan Grill's Cheddar Cheese and Beer Sauce | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup salad oil; 2 tablespoons finely chopped parsley; 1/4 green onion, finely chopped; 1/4 cup flour; 2 cups milk; 3/4 cups your favorite beer; 1/4 teaspoon dry mustard; 1/2 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce; 1 1/4 cups shredded cheddar; 1/4 teaspoon salt; Pinch white pepper; Pinch cayenne; Pinch granulated garlic | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat oil in a large saucepot. Add chopped parsley and green onions. Lower heat, add flour to make a roux, and cook over medium heat stirring for 20 minutes. Preheat the milk. Remove roux from heat. Add milk, beer, mustard, and Worcestershire and stir over medium heat until thickened. Remove from the stove. Add cheese and final seasonings, to taste.; <END>
INPUT: Italian, carrozza, egg, milk, bread crumbs, eight Italian bread, anchovy paste
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mozzarella in Carrozza | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 large egg; 2 tablespoons milk; 1/2 cup toasted fresh bread crumbs; eight 1/4-inch-thick slices of Italian bread; 1 3/4 teaspoons anchovy paste, or to taste; 1/4 pound whole-milk mozzarella, cut into four 1/4-inch-thick slices; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1 tablespoon unsalted butter; 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice; 1 plum tomato, seeded and minced; 1/4 teaspoon drained bottled green peppercorns (available at specialty food shops and many supermarkets); finely chopped fresh parsley leaves for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: In a bowl whisk together the egg and the milk and transfer the mixture to a shallow bowl. Put the bread crumbs in another shallow bowl. Spread the bread slices with 1 1/2 teaspoons of the anchovy paste, put 1 slice of the mozzarella on each of 4 bread slices and top the mozzarella with the remaining bread slices, forming sandwiches. Working with 1 sandwich at a time, dip the sandwiches into the egg mixture, letting the excess drip off, and coat them with the bread crumbs. In a large heavy skillet heat the oil and the butter over moderately high heat until the fat is hot but not smoking and in  <END>
INPUT: drizzle, beefsteak tomatoes, Salt pepper, balsamic vinegar, honey
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sliced Tomatoes with Honey-Balsamic Drizzle | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 ripe beefsteak tomatoes, sliced crosswise into 1/4-inch thick rounds; Salt and ground black pepper; 2 tablespoons balsamic vinegar; 1 tablespoon honey | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Arrange sliced tomatoes on a serving dish. Season with salt and black pepper. Whisk together balsamic vinegar and honey and drizzle over tomatoes. <END>
INPUT: Italian, bolognese, virgin olive oil, onions, garlic, rosemary, veal
OUTPUT: TITLE: Veal, Pork and Porcini Bolognese Sauce | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 6 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1/2 cup chopped onions; 1 tablespoon chopped garlic; 1 teaspoon chopped fresh rosemary; 1 cup ground veal; 1/2 cup ground pork; Sea salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 tablespoons dry porcini mushrooms, soaked in warm water for 15 minutes and chopped, liquid reserved; 2 tablespoons porcini juice, reserved from above; 3/4 cup veal stock; 1/4 cup canned or jarred marinara sauce; 1/3 cup white wine; 1 tablespoon finely chopped parsley leaves; 1/3 cup grated Parmesan; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large skillet, heat the oil over medium heat. Add the onions and cook gently to sweat for about 2 minutes. Do not let the onions caramelize. Add the garlic and rosemary and cook about 1 minute, or until garlic is lightly browned. Add the veal and pork and cook, smashing the meat apart with a wooden spoon, to keep it from clumping together. Cook for about 2 minutes and season with salt and pepper to taste. Add the mushrooms and continue to cook about 4 minutes, evaporating any liquid and caramelizing the meat. Add the porcini juice to the meat and cook for 1 minute to evaporate. Add the ve <END>
INPUT: milk, kosher salt, coarse grits, smoked Gouda
OUTPUT: TITLE: Smoked Gouda Grits | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 1/2 cups whole milk; 1 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt; 1 cup coarse-ground grits (not instant); 4 tablespoons (1/2 stick) unsalted butter, cut into pieces; 4 ounces smoked Gouda, grated; Kosher salt, freshly ground pepper; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh chives | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring milk, salt, and 2 1/2 cups water to a boil in a large saucepan over medium-high heat. Gradually whisk in grits until smooth. Reduce heat to low, cover, and cook, whisking occasionally, until creamy but still with some bite, 20–25 minutes. Remove from heat and whisk in butter and cheese; season with salt and pepper. Serve topped with chives. Bring milk, salt, and 2 1/2 cups water to a boil in a large saucepan over medium-high heat. Gradually whisk in grits until smooth. Reduce heat to low, cover, and cook, whisking occasionally, until creamy but still with some bite, 20–25 minutes. Remove <END>
INPUT: Indian, yogurt, Tandoori Masala, garlic, Juice lime, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tandoori Chicken | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup yogurt; 3 tablespoons Tandoori Masala, recipe follows; 1 tablespoon chopped garlic; Juice of 1 lime; A pinch of salt; One 3-pound chicken, cut into 8 pieces; Lime wedges, for garnish; 1/4 cup cumin seeds; 1/4 cup coriander seeds; 3 tablespoons smoked paprika; 2 tablespoons garam masala; 2 teaspoons garlic powder; 1 teaspoon red chili powder; 1 teaspoon fenugreek seeds; 1 teaspoon ground ginger | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Put the yogurt, Tandoori Masala, garlic and lime juice into a large dish and add the chicken pieces. Rub the marinade into the chicken until it is completely covered. Place the chicken onto an oiled baking sheet. Place in the oven and bake until the chicken is cooked but still tender, 35 to 40 minutes. Serve with lime wedges. Grind the cumin seeds, coriander seeds, smoked paprika, garam masala, garlic powder, red chili powder, fenugreek seeds, ground ginger, turmeric, cardamom, cloves and cinnamon stick in an electric spice grinder. Store in an airtight conta <END>
INPUT: American, all purpose flour, sugar, kosher salt, buttermilk
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lemon Buttermilk Pie with Saffron | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/4 cups all-purpose flour; 1 tablespoon sugar; 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt; 1/2 cup (1 stick) chilled unsalted butter, cut into pieces; 1/4 cup buttermilk; 2 tablespoons all-purpose flour, plus more; 6 large egg yolks; 3 large eggs; 1 1/4 cups buttermilk; 1 1/4 cups sugar; 1 tablespoon finely grated lemon zest; 1/3 cup fresh lemon juice; 1/4 teaspoons kosher salt; Pinch of saffron threads; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, cooled slightly | INSTRUCTIONS: For buttermilk pie dough: Pulse flour, sugar, and salt in a food processor to combine. Add butter and pulse until mixture resembles coarse meal with a few pea-size pieces of butter remaining. Transfer to a large bowl and add buttermilk. Mix with a fork, adding more buttermilk by the tablespoon if needed, just until a shaggy dough comes together; knead very lightly until no dry spots remain. Pat into a disk and wrap in plastic. Chill at least 4 hours. DO AHEAD: Dough can be made 2 days ahead. Keep chilled. Pulse flour, sugar, and salt in a food processor to combine. Add butter and pulse until m <END>
INPUT: Italian, lovers, lasagna, Kosher salt, escarole, garlic, butter, sage leaves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pumpkin Lovers Lasagna | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: Kosher salt; 1 head escarole, coarsely chopped; 1 head garlic, cloves separated but not peeled; 6 tablespoons butter; 10 to 12 fresh sage leaves, torn; 1 pound butternut squash, peeled and cut into bite-size pieces; Freshly ground pepper; 1 1/2 cups chicken stock; 3 tablespoons all-purpose flour; 3 cups milk; Freshly grated nutmeg; Two 15-ounce cans pure pumpkin puree; 3 eggs; 2 cups fresh ricotta; 2 cups freshly grated Parmigiano-Reggiano | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Bring a few inches water to a boil in a large pot and add salt. Cook the escarole for 5 minutes, then drain. Cover the garlic cloves with water in a saucepan and simmer for 20 minutes. Drain and let cool. Squish the garlic pulp from the jackets into a bowl and mash with a fork. Meanwhile, melt 3 tablespoons butter in a medium saucepan over medium heat. Add the sage and stir. Add the squash, stir and season with salt and pepper. Add the chicken stock and cook, stirring occasionally, for 15 minutes. All the stock should be absorbed and the squash should be ligh <END>
INPUT: panna, cotta, water, unflavored gelatin, whipping cream, sugar, plain low fat
OUTPUT: TITLE: Yogurt Panna Cotta with Cherry and Peach Compote | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup water; 2 1/2 teaspoons unflavored gelatin; 1 1/4 cups whipping cream; 1/2 cup sugar; 2 cups plain low-fat yogurt; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; Cherry and Peach Compote | INSTRUCTIONS: Pour 1/4 cup water into small bowl; sprinkle gelatin over. Let stand 10 minutes. Bring cream and sugar to simmer in heavy medium saucepan over medium-high heat, stirring until sugar dissolves. Remove from heat. Add gelatin mixture and whisk until dissolved. Whisk in yogurt and vanilla. Divide mixture among eight 3/4-cup custard cups. Cover and chill overnight. (Can be made 2 days ahead. Keep refrigerated.) Cut around edges of each panna cotta to loosen. Set each cup in shallow bowl of hot water for 10 seconds. Immediately invert onto plate. Top with compote. Pour 1/4 cup water into small bowl; <END>
INPUT: gumbo, vegetable oil, flour, onion, celery, bell pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Duck, Oyster, and Andouille Gumbo | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup vegetable oil; 1 1/4 cups flour; 2 cups diced onion; 2 cups diced celery; 1 cup diced bell pepper; 1/4 cup minced garlic; 1 Long Island duck, cut into 6 serving pieces; 1 pound andouille sausage, sliced; 3 quarts chicken stock; 1 pint oysters, liquid reserved; 2 cups sliced green onions; 1 cup chopped parsley; Salt and cracked black pepper; Hot pepper sauce; Serving suggestion: steamed white rice | INSTRUCTIONS: In a 2-gallon stockpot, heat oil over medium-high heat. Once oil is hot, add flour and, using a wire whisk, stir constantly until roux is golden brown, being careful not to scorch. Should black specks appear, discard and begin again. Add onions, celery, bell pepper, and garlic, and saute for 3 to 5 minutes, or until vegetables are wilted. Add duck and andouille sausage, blending into vegetable mixture. Add oyster liquid and chicken stock, 1 ladle at a time. Bring to a rolling boil, reduce to simmer and cook approximately 2 hours. When duck is tender, add oysters, and cook an additional 10 minu <END>
INPUT: baby turnips, baby carrots, unsalted butter, sugar, Salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Glazed Baby Turnips and Carrots | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound baby turnips (about 2 pounds with greens attached); 3/4 pound baby carrots (about 2 pounds with green attached); 1 1/2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1/2 teaspoon sugar; Salt and pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Trim baby turnips and carrots, leaving about 1/2-inch stems if green were attached, and peel if desired. If using regular turnips, peel and cut into 1-inch pieces. In a steamer set over boiling water steam turnips and carrots separately, covered, until just tender, 6 to 8 minutes. Vegetables may be prepared up to this point 1 day in advance and kept covered and chilled. In a large heavy skillet cook vegetables in butter with sugar and salt and pepper to taste over moderately low heat, stirring, until heated through and glazed, about 4 minutes. <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, skewers, seedless watermelon, honeydew melon, honey, mint leaves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Watermelon, Feta and Mint Skewers with Sumac | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 1 small seedless watermelon, peeled and cut into 1/2-inch cubes; 1 small honeydew melon, peeled and cut into 1/2-inch cubes, optional; 1 (8-ounce) block feta cheese, cut into 1/2-inch cubes or coarsely crumbled; 1 tablespoon honey, such as buckwheat; 1/4 cup fresh mint leaves; 1 lime, juiced; 1/2 teaspoon sumac, for sprinkling, see Cook's Note* | INSTRUCTIONS: Assemble the watermelon and honeydew melon on a platter. Top with the feta cheese and drizzle with honey. Tear the mint leaves over the salad and sprinkle lime juice over the top. Sprinkle with the sumac. Serve. <END>
INPUT: Four, virgin olive oil, flat leaf parsley, shallots, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pan Seared Chicken with Olives | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Four 8-ounce boneless, skinless chicken breast halves; 1/2 cup extra-virgin olive oil, plus more for searing; 2 tablespoons finely minced fresh flat-leaf parsley; 2 tablespoons minced shallots (about 1 small); 1 clove garlic, finely minced; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 cup cherry tomatoes, halved; 2 teaspoons finely sliced fresh basil, optional; 1 small clove garlic, minced; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; Extra-virgin olive oil, if needed; 1/2 cup pitted kalamata olives, coarsely chopped; 1 1/2 teaspoons minced shallots (about 1/2 small); 1/4 cup sherry vinegar; 1/2 cup chicken broth (store-bought or homemade) | INSTRUCTIONS: For the chicken: Using a meat mallet, evenly pound the chicken breast halves between 2 sheets of plastic wrap to 1/4-inch thickness. Put the chicken into a heavy resealable bag or 9-by-13-inch baking dish. Add the oil, parsley, shallots and garlic; sprinkle the chicken with salt and pepper and mix in the bag or toss in the baking dish until the chicken is coated in the marinade. Let stand at room temperature for 30 minutes. Using tongs, remove the chicken from the marinade, allowing the oil to drain. (It's ok if some of the garlic and shallots still cling to the chicken.) Discard the marinade. <END>
INPUT: American, pimento, jalapeno peppers, sea salt, pepper, cream cheese, honey
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Jalapeno Pimento Cheese | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 6 to 8 jalapeno peppers; 1 teaspoon sea salt, plus more for seasoning; 1 teaspoon ground black or white pepper, plus more for seasoning; 2 ounces cream cheese; 2 ounces honey; 1-ounce hot sauce (Franks Red Hot, or any hot sauce will do; 3 to 4 ounces fresh spinach; 4 cups grated white Cheddar; 3/4 cups mayonnaise | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Put the jalapenos on a sheet pan, sprinkle with salt and pepper, and roast in until the skins look like they are blistered, about 15 to 20 minutes. Put the jalapenos in a mixing bowl, cover with plastic wrap and let them cool. When the jalapenos are cool, remove the skin and seeds. Put them into a food processor and puree until smooth. Add the cream cheese, honey, hot sauce and spinach and puree until incorporated. Transfer the mixture to a serving bowl and add the cheese. Stir in the mayonnaise, season with salt and pepper, to taste, and serve. This recipe w <END>
INPUT: salad, dressing, California avocado, lemon juice, Dijon mustard, sugar, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mushroom, Radish, and Bibb Lettuce Salad with Avocado Dressing | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 ripe California avocado; 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 1/2 teaspoon Dijon mustard; 1/2 teaspoon sugar; 3/4 teaspoon salt; 2 tablespoons heavy cream; 1/4 cup packed fresh flat-leafed parsley leaves; 1/4 cup olive oil; 4 heads Bibb lettuce; 6 ounces mushrooms; 1 cup radishes; 1/4 cup packed fresh flat-leafed parsley leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: Make dressing: Pit and peel avocado and mash enough to measure 1/4 cup. In a blender purée mashed avocado with remaining dressing ingredients until smooth. Discard any discolored lettuce leaves. Separately cut mushrooms and radishes into thin slices. In a small bowl combine mushrooms and 2 tablespoons dressing and toss to coat. Divide lettuce among 6 salad bowls or plates and top with mushrooms, radishes, and parsley. Drizzle salads with some remaining dressing. Pit and peel avocado and mash enough to measure 1/4 cup. In a blender purée mashed avocado with remaining dressing ingredients until  <END>
INPUT: dough, all purpose flour, salt, ice water, Special pastry bench
OUTPUT: TITLE: All-Butter Pastry Dough | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/4 cups all-purpose flour; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 1 stick (1/2 cup) cold unsalted butter, cut into 1/2-inch cubes; 3 to 4 tablespoons ice water; Special equipment: a pastry or bench scraper | INSTRUCTIONS: Whisk together flour and salt in a large bowl. Blend in butter with your fingertips or a pastry blender (or pulse in a food processor) until most of mixture resembles coarse meal with some small (roughly pea-size) butter lumps. Drizzle evenly with 3 tablespoons ice water and gently stir with a fork (or pulse in processor) until incorporated. Squeeze a small handful: If it doesn't hold together, add more ice water, 1/2 tablespoon at a time, stirring (or pulsing) until just incorporated, then test again. (Do not overwork, or pastry will be tough.) Turn out mixture onto a lightly floured surface  <END>
INPUT: ribbon, salad, olive oil, shallot, lemon juice, caraway seeds, English hothouse cucumber
OUTPUT: TITLE: Smoked Salmon and Cucumber Ribbon Salad with Caraway | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons olive oil; 3 tablespoons minced shallot; 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 1 teaspoon caraway seeds; 1 English hothouse cucumber; 2 bunches watercress, trimmed; 1 small Granny Smith apple, cored, thinly sliced; 8 ounces sliced smoked salmon | INSTRUCTIONS: Whisk first 4 ingredients in small bowl; season dressing with salt and pepper. Cut cucumber crosswise in half. Using vegetable peeler, cut into long strips to form ribbons. Scatter cucumber, watercress, and apple on 4 plates. Tuck in slices of salmon. Drizzle dressing over. Whisk first 4 ingredients in small bowl; season dressing with salt and pepper. Cut cucumber crosswise in half. Using vegetable peeler, cut into long strips to form ribbons. Scatter cucumber, watercress, and apple on 4 plates. Tuck in slices of salmon. Drizzle dressing over. <END>
INPUT: ulrika, mother, bread crumbs, onion, milk, allspice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Ulrika's Mother's Meatballs with Red Beet Relish | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 peeled, boiled russet potato, grated; 3 tablespoons dry bread crumbs; 1/2 cup minced onion; 3/4 cup milk; Pinch allspice; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 1/2 pounds ground beef chuck; Unsalted butter, for frying; Red Beet Relish, recipe follows; Thinly sliced whole wheat bread (about 3 by 3-inches wide), as needed; 2 cooked red beets, peeled and chopped; 1/4 Golden Delicious apple, peeled and roughly chopped; 1 tablespoon apple cider vinegar; 1 tablespoon sugar; 1 teaspoon mayonnaise | INSTRUCTIONS: Mix the potato, bread crumbs, onion, milk, and allspice with the spices and let sit for 10 minutes. Add the meat, season with salt and pepper, and mix until incorporated. Make a small meatball out of the meat mixture, fry it in a little butter, and taste. Adjust the seasoning, if necessary. Roll the meat mixture into 1/2-inch round meatballs and place them on a wet plate. In a large skillet, fry them in butter until golden brown. To serve, spread some of the relish on the slice of bread and top with the meatballs. Serve at room temperature. In a food processor, combine the beets, apple, vinega <END>
INPUT: chips, sweet potatoes, beets, garlic, very rosemary leaves, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sweet Potato and Beet Chips with Garlic Rosemary Salt | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 sweet potatoes; 2 beets; 1 garlic clove, minced; 1 teaspoon very finely minced fresh rosemary leaves; 2 tablespoons salt; 10 cups vegetable oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Special Equipment: V-slicer or mandoline, deep-fry thermometer Wash the vegetables and dry very well. Set aside. In a small bowl combine the garlic, rosemary and salt. Set aside. Warm the oil in a large pot over high heat to 350 degrees F. Meanwhile, trim 1-inch off the end of each sweet potato. Using the V-slicer or mandoline, slice the sweet potatoes into very thin slices, about 1/8-inch thick. Trim 1-inch off the root end of the beets. Using the V-slicer or mandoline slice the beets into very thin slices, about 1/8-inch thick. When the oil is hot add about a q <END>
INPUT: cornsticks, cornmeal, sugar, baking soda, salt, well shaken buttermilk
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cheddar-Jalapeno Cornsticks | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup yellow cornmeal; 1 teaspoon sugar; 1/2 teaspoon baking soda; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1 cup well-shaken buttermilk; 1 large egg; 4 ounces (about 1 cup) coarsely grated extra-sharp cheddar; 1/4 cup finely chopped scallions (both white and pale green parts); 1 to 2 tablespoons finely chopped drained pickled jalapenos; 2 tablespoons (1/4 stick) unsalted butter, melted, plus 2 tablespoons (1/4 stick); Special equipment: 2 well-seasoned cast-iron cornstick pans, each with 7 (5- by 1 1/2-inch) molds or a well-seasoned 9-inch cast iron skillet | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 425 degrees F. Heat pans in middle of oven 10 minutes. Whisk together cornmeal, sugar, baking soda, and salt in a large bowl. Whisk together buttermilk and egg in another bowl and add cornmeal mixture with cheddar, scallion, jalapenos, and 2 tablespoons butter, stirring, until just combined. Remove pans from oven and divide remaining 2 tablespoons butter among cornstick molds. Quickly divide batter among molds (about 3 tablespoons each) and bake until a tester comes out clean and tops are golden, 12 to 15 minutes. Cool cornsticks in pans 3 to 5 minutes before removing from mold <END>
INPUT: American, vegetable oil, onion, milk
OUTPUT: TITLE: Turkey Pot Pie in a Shell | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 package (10 ounces) Pepperidge Farm® Puff Pastry Shells; 1 tablespoon vegetable oil; 1 medium onion, chopped (about 1/2 cup); 1 can (10 3/4 ounces) Campbell's® Condensed Cream of Chicken Soup (Regular, 98% Fat Free or Healthy Request®); 1/2 cup milk; 1 package (10 ounces) frozen peas and carrots; 2 cups cubed cooked turkey | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. Prepare the pastry shells according to the package directions. 2. Heat the oil in a 10-inch skillet over medium-high heat. Add the onion and cook until tender. 3. Stir the soup, milk and peas and carrots in the skillet and heat to a boil. Reduce the heat to low. Cover and cook for 5 minutes or until the vegetables are tender. Add the turkey and cook until the mixture is hot and bubbling. Spoon the turkey mixture into the pastry shells. <END>
INPUT: griddle, cakes, honey, orange zest, Kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Corn Griddle Cakes with Sausage | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup (1 stick) unsalted butter; 1/2 cup honey; 1 1/2 tablespoons finely grated orange zest; Kosher salt, freshly ground pepper; 6 tablespoons (3/4 stick) unsalted butter; 3/4 cup (about 7 ounces) breakfast sausage, casings removed if necessary; 1 1/2 cups fresh (or frozen, thawed) corn kernels; 1 cup yellow cornmeal; 1/2 cup whole wheat flour; 1 tablespoon sugar; 1 teaspoon kosher salt; 1 teaspoon freshly cracked black peppercorns; 1/2 teaspoon baking soda; 1/4 teaspoon baking powder; Pinch of cayenne pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: For orange-honey butter: Melt butter in a small saucepan over low heat. Whisk in honey and orange zest. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Cover and keep warm. Melt butter in a small saucepan over low heat. Whisk in honey and orange zest. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Cover and keep warm. For corn cakes: Melt butter in a small saucepan over medium heat. Spoon milk solids from surface and discard. Pour clarified butter into a small glass measuring cup (there should be about 1/4 cup), leaving any browned bits behind; set aside. (Alternatively, use 1/4 cup grapeseed oil.) Cook sausage  <END>
INPUT: Mexican, salad, shrimp shelled, Olive oil, Salt pepper, arugula, papayas
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Shrimp Salad with Papaya, Green Onions and Peanuts | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 16 whole large shrimp deveined and shelled; Olive oil; Salt and freshly ground pepper; 1 pound arugula; 2 ripe papayas, peeled, pitted and thinly sliced; 4 green onions, finely sliced; Grilled shrimp (above); 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 2 tablespoons fresh lime juice; 1 tablespoon soy sauce; 1 small jalapeno pepper, finely diced; 1/4 cup olive oil; 1/2 cup peanuts, coarsely chopped; 2 tablespoons finely chopped cilantro | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat grill. Brush the shrimp with olive oil and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Grill the shrimp until just cooked, about 2 to 3 minutes. Remove and let sit. Arrange the arugula on a large platter. Top with the papaya and green onion. Whisk together the lemon and lime juice, soy sauce, jalapeno and olive oil until combined. Mound all of the shrimp in the center of the platter. Drizzle with the vinaigrette and sprinkle with peanuts and cilantro. <END>
INPUT: Asian, chile, tomato, pork tenderloins, Kosher salt pepper, virgin olive oil, lime
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Pork Tenderloin with Spicy Chile-Coconut Tomato Salad | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 2 pork tenderloins, 1 1/2 to 2-pounds total; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 1/2 lime, juiced; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1 (1-inch) piece fresh ginger, peeled and chopped; 2 garlic cloves, chopped; 1 lemongrass stalk, white part only, chopped into small pieces; 1 fresh red jalapeno, cut into rounds; 1 (14-ounce) can unsweetened coconut milk; 1 teaspoon sugar; 1 lime, juiced; 1 tablespoon fish sauce (recommended: Nam pla); Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; Stems from 1/4 bunch fresh cilantro | INSTRUCTIONS: Put the pork on a platter and sprinkle all over with salt and pepper. Add the olive oil and lime juice and turn to coat the pork with the marinade. Cover with plastic wrap and set aside in the refrigerator. For the Chile-Coconut Sauce: Heat the olive oil in a saucepan over medium heat. Add the ginger, garlic, lemongrass and chile and cook to soften, about 3 minutes. Add the coconut milk, and sugar and simmer until thickened, about 5 minutes. Stir in the lime juice and season with fish sauce, and salt and pepper. Cool to room temperature. Add cilantro stems and puree using an immersion blender  <END>
INPUT: stew, poblano peppers, turkey chicken stock, olive canola oil, starchy potatoes, Salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Turkey and Poblano Red Eye Stew | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 poblano peppers; 4 cups turkey or chicken stock; 2 tablespoons olive or canola oil; 2 large starchy potatoes, peeled and cut to 1-inch dice; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 tablespoons ancho chile powder or mild chili powder blend; 4 cloves garlic, chopped; 2 onions, chopped; 1 cup strong coffee; About 3 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce; 2 tablespoons light brown sugar; 1 large fresh bay leaf; 1 small cinnamon stick; 1 cup boiling water; 1/2 cup masa or corn meal | INSTRUCTIONS: Over an open flame or under the broiler, char the peppers all over. Cover and cool enough to handle. Peel and seed the peppers, then puree 3 of them with 1 cup of the stock in a food processor. Dice the remaining 2 peppers into bite-size pieces and reserve for later use. Heat the oil in a soup pot over medium-high heat, add the potatoes and chile powder, and then season with salt and pepper. Cook until the potatoes start to brown, 2 to 3 minutes. Then add the garlic and onions, and cook to tender, 7 to 8 minutes more. Add the coffee, Worcestershire, sugar, bay leaf, cinnamon, the remaining 3 c <END>
INPUT: Asian, duck breasts, sesame oil, Chinese five spice, kosher salt, spring roll wrappers
OUTPUT: TITLE: Five Spice Seared Duck - Asian Greens Spring Roll | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 2 duck breasts; 1-ounce sesame oil; 1 tablespoon Chinese five spice powder; 2 teaspoons kosher salt; 8 spring roll wrappers; 4 ounces Asian greens; 1 small carrot, julienned thin; 1 small cucumber, juilienned thin; 1/2 cup rice vinegar; 1 tablespoon siracha, (hot pepper sauce); 1 tablespoon fish sauce; 1 teaspoon black sesame seeds; 2 tablespoons scallion, chopped thin | INSTRUCTIONS: For the duck: Rub the breasts with half of the sesame oil and season with five spice powder and salt. In a hot saute pan add the remaining oil and sear the duck breast, skin side down, until skin had started to get crisp. Turn the breasts over and sear on the other side for one minute, then turn skin side down again and transfer pan to a 400 degree oven and cook until duck is medium. About 6 minutes. Remove breasts and set aside. When meat is cool enough to cut, slice very thin. For the spring rolls: Lay a spring roll wrapper on a flat surface, then add a small amount of Asian greens, carrot a <END>
INPUT: gratin, Anaheim poblano chiles, heavy cream half, garlic, yukon gold potatoes, Kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Potato-Green Chile Gratin | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 fresh green Anaheim or poblano chiles (3/4 pound); 2 cups heavy cream or half-and-half; 1 large garlic clove; 2 pounds yukon gold potatoes; Kosher salt; Special equipment: a mandoline or other manual slicer | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F. Lay chiles on their sides on rack of a gas burner and turn flame on high. (Or put chiles on rack of broiler pan about 2 inches from heat.) Roast chiles, turning with tongs, until skins are blackened, 5 to 8 minutes. Transfer chiles to a bowl and let stand, covered, 15 minutes. Rub skins off chiles with paper towels and discard stems and seeds (if desired, devein to further reduce heat). Cut the chiles into 1/4-inch-thick strips. Bring cream with garlic just to a simmer and remove from heat. Peel potatoes and cut crosswise into 1/16-inch-thick slices using mandoli <END>
INPUT: salad, garlic, thyme, virgin olive oil, eyed peas, bread butter pickles
OUTPUT: TITLE: Smoked Turkey And Black-Eyed Pea Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cloves garlic, minced; 4 sprigs fresh thyme; 4 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1 10-ounce box frozen black-eyed peas, thawed; 1/3 cup sliced bread-and-butter pickles, plus 4 tablespoons pickling liquid; 8 ounces smoked turkey leg or breast, skin removed and meat shredded; 4 scallions, thinly sliced; Kosher salt; Cayenne pepper; 1 tablespoon Creole or whole-grain mustard; 1 cup grape tomatoes, halved; 10 cups torn arugula, escarole and/or romaine; 2 stalks celery, chopped (with leaves) | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine the garlic, thyme and 1 tablespoon olive oil in a nonstick skillet over medium heat and cook until fragrant, about 2 minutes. Add the black-eyed peas and 2 tablespoons pickling liquid and cook until tender, about 10 minutes. Add the turkey and heat through, about 3 more minutes. Remove from the heat and add the scallions, and salt and cayenne to taste. Discard the thyme. Meanwhile, whisk the mustard and the remaining 2 tablespoons pickling liquid in a large bowl. Add salt and cayenne to taste, then gradually whisk in the remaining 3 tablespoons olive oil. Add the tomatoes and toss. Add <END>
INPUT: American, buffalo, Non, butter, cayenne hot sauce, chili powder
OUTPUT: TITLE: Buffalo Pierogies | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 (12.84 ounce) box Mini Four Cheese Medley or your favorite variety of Mrs. T's® Pierogies; Non-stick cooking spray; 1/2 stick butter, melted; 1/2 cup cayenne hot sauce; 1/2 teaspoon chili powder; Blue cheese or ranch dressing, as desired; Carrots; Celery | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 400°F. Combine melted butter, cayenne hot sauce and chili powder; toss with pierogies. Coat a baking sheet with non-stick cooking spray and spread pierogies evenly on the baking sheet. Bake for 16 to 18 minutes, or until pierogies are browned. For best results, turn over halfway through bake time. Serve with blue cheese or ranch dressing, carrots and celery. <END>
INPUT: trifle, strawberries, bananas, biscotti, angel food cake
OUTPUT: TITLE: Dulce de Leche Trifle | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 quart strawberries, sliced; 2 bananas, sliced; 6 biscotti, crushed; 1 angel food cake, crumbled; 1 (24-ounce) container whipped cream; 1 can dulce de leche*; 1 bottle chocolate sauce | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large trifle bowl (or other clear glass bowl), put the strawberries, bananas, biscotti, cake, and whipped cream in random layers. Drizzle the dulce de leche and chocolate sauce between layers, saving a generous portion of each for the top. Scoop out and serve in individual bowls. *To make dulce de leche: Put a can of sweetened condensed milk in a pot and cover with water. Bring the water to a simmer and cook for 3 hours, turning the can over every half hour and topping off with more hot water if it evaporates. Turn off the heat and leave the can in the water until it is completely cool. <END>
INPUT: chiles, olive oil, scallions, mustard seeds, basmati rice, water
OUTPUT: TITLE: Basmati Rice with Sugar Snap Peas and Green Chiles | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon olive oil; 4 scallions, white and green parts thinly sliced separately; 1 teaspoon mustard seeds; 1 cup basmati rice, rinsed until water runs clear, then drained; 1 1/2 cups water; 1 teaspoon salt; 1 fresh jalapeño chile, minced, including seeds; 1/2 lb sugar snap peas, cut diagonally into 1/4-inch pieces (2 cups) | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat 1/2 tablespoon oil over moderate heat in a 3-quart heavy saucepan until hot but not smoking, then cook white parts of scallions and mustard seeds, stirring frequently, until scallions are softened, 1 to 2 minutes. Add rice and cook, stirring, 1 minute. Add water and salt and bring to a boil. Cook over low heat, covered, until rice is tender and water is absorbed, about 15 minutes. Remove from heat and fluff rice with a fork, then let stand, covered, 5 minutes. While rice is standing, heat remaining 1/2 tablespoon oil in a 10-inch nonstick skillet over moderate heat until hot but not smoki <END>
INPUT: plantains, unsalted butter, cinnamon, natural vanilla extract, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sweet Plantains | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 to 3 ripe black plantains; 5 tablespoons unsalted butter, divided; 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1 teaspoon natural vanilla extract; 2 tablespoons brown sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: To peel the plantains, cut off ends and discard. With a paring knife, make 3 shallow slits lengthwise along the seams of the skin and peel away. Split the plantains lengthwise. Heat 4 tablespoons butter in a large skillet and place over medium low heat (plantains have a high sugar content and will burn if the heat is too high.) Fry the plantains in a single layer, until golden on the bottom then turn over with a spatula. Add the cinnamon, vanilla, and sugar and let cook a few more seconds, just to begin caramelizing the sugar. Just before serving, melt remaining tablespoon of butter to finish  <END>
INPUT: vegetable oil, pork chops, Kosher salt, pepper, sage
OUTPUT: TITLE: Your New Favorite Pork Chops | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon vegetable oil; 2- 1 1/2"-thick bone-in pork rib chops (8–10 ounces each); Kosher salt, freshly ground pepper; freshly ground pepper; 8 sprigs sage; 2 garlic cloves, peeled, smashed; 1 tablespoon unsalted butter | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh. Season pork chops all over (including the fat cap) with salt and pepper. Cook pork chops until bottom side is golden brown, about 1 minute. Turn and cook on other side about 1 minute before turning again. Repeat this process, turning about every minute, until chops are deep golden brown and an instant-read thermometer inserted into the thickest part registers 135°, 8–10 minutes (cooking time will depend on thickness of chops). Remove pan from heat and add sage, garlic, and butter, smashing garlic into butter. Tilt skillet and spoon foaming butter an <END>
INPUT: American, flan, sugar, water, milk
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cheese Flan | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup sugar; 1/4 cup water; 2 1/2 cups whole milk; 1 (3-inch) cinnamon stick; 1 (14-ounces) can sweetened condensed milk; 8 ounces cream cheese, softened; 5 large eggs; 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract; 1/8 teaspoon salt; Equipment: 8 (7- to 8-ounce) ramekins | INSTRUCTIONS: Make caramel: Heat sugar and water in a small heavy saucepan over medium-high heat, stirring until sugar is dissolved. Cook, without stirring, brushing down sugar crystals from side of pan using a pastry brush dipped in cold water and swirling pan occasionally so caramel browns evenly, until dark amber. Immediately pour into ramekins and swirl so caramel coats bottom of each and partway up side, then put in a roasting pan. Heat sugar and water in a small heavy saucepan over medium-high heat, stirring until sugar is dissolved. Cook, without stirring, brushing down sugar crystals from side of pa <END>
INPUT: Tart Dough, butter, onion, salt, sorrel leaves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sorrel-Onion Tart | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 recipe Tart Dough; 4 tablespoons butter, in all; 1 large red onion, thinly sliced; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 4 to 8 ounces sorrel leaves; 2 large eggs; 1 cup heavy cream; 2 ounces Gruyère cheese, grated; Pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Prepare the tart dough, partially prebake it, and set it aside. Melt 3 tablespoons of the butter in a wide pan, add the onion and the salt. Cover the pan, and stew slowly until the onion is completely soft, about 10 minutes. Check it occasionally and give it a stir. While the onion is cooking, cut off the stems of the sorrel leaves and roughly slice the leaves. Melt the remaining tablespoon of butter in a pan, and add the sorrel by large handfuls. Although the amount of leaves will seem voluminous, they will quickly cook down to almost nothing. Cook over a low heat until they have wilted and t <END>
INPUT: lucca, virgin olive oil, garlic, thyme, pepper, orange
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lucca Style Roasted Olives | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 6 large cloves garlic, unpeeled, lightly crushed; 5 or 6 fresh thyme sprigs; Black pepper; 1 orange; 1 pint (about 2 cups) oil-cured black olives; 1/2 pint (about 1 cup) Nicoise or Arbequina olives; 1 tablespoon orange zest | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Cook the olive oil and garlic cloves in an ovenproof skillet over moderate heat until the cloves begin to sizzle and caramelize lightly. Add the thyme sprigs and let them sizzle in the oil for about 30 seconds. Add desired amount of black pepper and the juice of the orange. Add the olives and stir until they are hot throughout, 2 to 3 minutes. Add the orange zest. Transfer the skillet to the oven and bake, stirring occasionally, until the olives start to soften, 5 to 8 minutes. Serve warm. <END>
INPUT: Asian, udon noodles, roasted peanut oil, tofu, Kosher salt pepper, Asian greens baby
OUTPUT: TITLE: Udon with Tofu and Asian Greens | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1 8 -ounce package udon noodles; 4 tablespoons roasted peanut oil, or 3 tablespoons sesame oil mixed with 1 tablespoon vegetable oil; 1 12 -ounce package firm tofu, cut into 12 pieces; Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper; 1 11 -ounce package Asian cooking greens or baby spinach; 1 bunch scallions, thinly sliced diagonally; Large pinch of red pepper flakes; 3 tablespoons soy sauce; Pinch of sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook the udon noodles as the label directs. (Don't overcook or they will get mushy.) Drain, reserving about 1/3 cup of the cooking water. Meanwhile, heat 2 tablespoons oil in a medium skillet over medium heat. Pat the tofu dry and season all over with salt and pepper. Add the tofu to the skillet and sear until golden brown, about 2 minutes per side. Set aside and keep warm. Add 1 tablespoon oil and the greens to the skillet. Cook, tossing, until just wilted. Add the scallions, red pepper flakes, the remaining 1 tablespoon oil, the soy sauce and sugar. Add the reserved cooking water; heat to cr <END>
INPUT: Mexican, croutons, lime juice, saffron threads, mayonnaise, virgin olive oil, hot pepper sauce
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cod with Mussels, Chorizo, Fried Croutons, and Saffron Mayonnaise | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 teaspoons fresh lime juice; Pinch of saffron threads, crumbled; 1/2 cup mayonnaise; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1/4 teaspoon hot pepper sauce; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1/4 cup chopped shallots (about 2 small); 4 garlic cloves, chopped; 1 teaspoon dried crushed red pepper; Pinch of saffron threads; 1/2 cup dry white wine; 2 pounds mussels, scrubbed, debearded; 4 fresh thyme sprigs; 1/2 cup smoked Spanish chorizo,* diced; 1/4 cup finely diced seeded tomato | INSTRUCTIONS: For saffron mayonaise: Mix lime juice and saffron in small bowl. Let stand 30 minutes, stirring occasionally. Whisk in mayonnaise, oil, and hot pepper sauce. Cover and chill at least 4 hours to allow flavors to develop. DO AHEAD: Can be made 3 days ahead. Keep refrigerated. Mix lime juice and saffron in small bowl. Let stand 30 minutes, stirring occasionally. Whisk in mayonnaise, oil, and hot pepper sauce. Cover and chill at least 4 hours to allow flavors to develop. DO AHEAD: Can be made 3 days ahead. Keep refrigerated. For mussels: Heat oil in heavy large pot over medium heat. Add shallots,  <END>
INPUT: mini pitas, almond butter, chocolate hazelnut spread, banana, Confectioners' sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sweet Pita | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 mini pitas, split open; 1/4 cup almond butter; 1/4 cup chocolate-hazelnut spread; 1 banana, thinly sliced; Confectioners' sugar, for dusting | INSTRUCTIONS: Spread one side of the inside of each pita with 1 tablespoon almond butter and the other side with 1 tablespoon chocolate-hazelnut spread. Sandwich one-quarter of the banana slices between the 2 sides of each pita and cook on a grill pan over medium heat until the chocolate spread has melted, 4 to 5 minutes per side. Dust with confectioners' sugar and serve immediately. <END>
INPUT: sauerkraut, packages, canola oil, cabbage, onion, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Turkey Sausage with Apple Sauerkraut | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 packages (2 pounds) turkey sausages; 2 tablespoons canola oil; 1 small head red cabbage, thinly shredded; 1 medium onion, sliced; 2 teaspoons chopped garlic; 1/2 teaspoon red pepper flakes; 1 teaspoon salt; 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 1 (12-ounce) can beer; 1/2 cup cider vinegar; 2 tablespoons spicy brown mustard; 1 tablespoon brown sugar; 2 Fuji apples, peeled, cored and cut into 1/4-inch slices | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the grill or grill pan to medium-high heat. Cook the sausage on the outdoor grill or grill pan for about 12 minutes, turning a quarter turn every 3 minutes. While the sausage is cooking, heat the canola oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Add the cabbage, onion, garlic, red pepper flakes, salt, and pepper. Cook, stirring often, until the cabbage has wilted slightly, about 4 minutes. Stir in the beer, vinegar, mustard and the brown sugar and simmer for 5 minutes. Add the apples, cover partially with a lid, to allow some steam to escape. Cook the cabbage and apples over medium- <END>
INPUT: Indian, salad, crème frîache, honey, cumin seeds, coriander seeds, kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Crispy Lamb Spare Ribs with Honey Crème Fraîche and Chopped Pea Salad | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup crème frîache; 1/2 cup honey; 1 tablespoon whole cumin seeds, toasted and finely ground using spice or coffee grinder (about 1 teaspoon ground); 1 tablespoon whole coriander seeds, toasted and finely ground using spice or coffee grinder (about 1 teaspoon ground); 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt; 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 6 pounds Denver lamb ribs (lamb breast spareribs; 6 small racks); 3 teaspoons kosher salt; 3 teaspoons freshly ground black pepper; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 4 onions, coarsely chopped; 8 carrots, coarsely chopped; 8 stalks celery, coarsely chopped; 2 heads garlic, cloves peeled and coarsely chopped (about 1/2 cup total); 4 tablespoons fresh rosemary, coarsely chopped (from 12 sprigs) | INSTRUCTIONS: Make sauce In medium bowl, whisk together crème frîache, honey, cumin, coriander, salt, and pepper. Sauce can be made up to four hours in advance, covered, and refrigerated until ready to use. In medium bowl, whisk together crème frîache, honey, cumin, coriander, salt, and pepper. Sauce can be made up to four hours in advance, covered, and refrigerated until ready to use. Braise lamb ribs Preheat oven to 300°F. Pat ribs dry and sprinkle with salt and pepper. In heavy large sauté pan over moderately high heat, heat olive oil until hot but not smoking. Working in batches, sear ribs until golden  <END>
INPUT: Asian, singapore, groundnut oil, ginger, chile, shiitake mushrooms, turmeric
OUTPUT: TITLE: Singapore-Style Noodles | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons groundnut oil (peanut); 1 tablespoon freshly grated ginger; 1 red chile, seeded and finely chopped; 5 fresh shiitake mushrooms, sliced; 2 tablespoons ground turmeric; 3 1/2 ounces diced smoked bacon; 1 red bell pepper, seeded and sliced; 1 handful julienned carrot strips; 1 handful bean sprouts; 3 1/2 ounces cooked chicken breast, shredded; 9 ounces dried vermicelli rice noodles, pre-soaked in hot water for 10 minutes and drained; 1 teaspoon crushed dried chiles; 2 tablespoons light soy sauce; 2 tablespoons oyster sauce; 1 tablespoon clear rice vinegar or cider vinegar | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat the groundnut oil in a wok, and when hot, stir-fry the ginger, chiles, mushrooms and turmeric for a few seconds. Add the bacon, and cook for less than 1 minute. Add the red bell pepper, carrots, and bean sprouts and cook for another minute, then add the cooked chicken, and stir well to combine. Add the noodles, and stir-fry well, for 2 minutes, then season with the chiles, soy sauce, oyster sauce and vinegar. Stir to combine. Add in the beaten egg, stirring gently until the egg is cooked through, less than 1 minute. Then, season with the sesame oil. Sprinkle over the spring onions, and se <END>
INPUT: cooler, up watermelon, scoops lemon sherbet, Juice lemon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Watermelon Cooler | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 cups cut up and seeded watermelon; 3 scoops lemon sherbet; Juice of 1/2 lemon | INSTRUCTIONS: Spread out the watermelon chunks on a cookie sheet and freeze it. Place the watermelon, sherbet and lemon juice in a blender and blend until smooth. <END>
INPUT: cranberry, cranberries, distilled vinegar, thyme
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cranberry Vinegar | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: One 12-ounce bag fresh cranberries; 2 cups distilled white vinegar; 12 sprigs fresh thyme | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: Four 32-ounce bottles Rinse and pick over the cranberries, discarding any leaves and stems. With a paring knife, make an X in the skin of each cranberry. Heat the vinegar in a saucepan until just steaming. Using a funnel, add a quarter of the cranberries to a clear wine bottle, then add 3 sprigs of thyme. Repeat 3 more times with the remaining cranberries and thyme in 3 more bottles. Fill the bottles to the top with the vinegar and cool completely, uncovered. Cover and allow to sit in a cool, dark place for at least 2 weeks, gently shaking every few days to help the vinegar  <END>
INPUT: American, batty, mousse, Chocolate Cookie dough, bittersweet chocolate, heavy cream, butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Batty Chocolate Mousse with Chocolate Cookie Wings | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: Chocolate Cookie dough, recipe follows; 6 ounces bittersweet chocolate; 1 cup heavy cream, plus 1 cup; 8 ounces bittersweet chocolate; 2 tablespoons butter, softened; 1/2 cup sugar; 1/2 cup water; 3 cups all-purpose flour; 1/2 teaspoon baking powder; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 8 ounces (2 sticks) butter, cut into 1-inch pieces, room temperature; 1 1/2 cups sugar; 2 eggs; 1 tablespoon vanilla extract; 1/4 cup cocoa powder | INSTRUCTIONS: Cookies: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F and position the rack to the center position. Dust the work surface with flour. Place the dough on the table and dust with flour. With a rolling pin, work the dough, rolling back and forth. After 3 rolls, stop and move the dough around (you don't want it to stick to the work surface). Dust with additional flour and continue to roll until it is 1/2-inch thick. Cut out 6 (3-inch) circles and 12 bat-wing shapes, gathering the scraps and rerolling as necessary. Place on a parchment lined cookie sheet. Bake for 12 to 15 minutes. Remove from the oven and co <END>
INPUT: soup, bacon, celery, carrot, onion, cinnamon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Butternut Squash & Apple Soup | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 slices bacon, cut crosswise into 1/2-inch pieces; 2 celery ribs, chopped; 1 carrot, chopped; 1 medium onion, chopped; 1/4 teaspoon cinnamon; 3/4 pound boiling potatoes; 2 medium Granny Smith apples (about 3/4 pound total); 1 1/2 pounds butternut squash, peeled, seeded, and cut into 1/2-inch pieces (3 1/2 to 4 cups); 2 cups reduced-sodium chicken stock or broth; 2 to 2 1/2 cups water; Sour cream | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook bacon in a 6-quart heavy pot over medium heat, stirring occasionally, until crisp, then transfer with a slotted spoon to paper towels to drain, reserving 2 tablespoons fat in pot. (Add vegetable oil if your bacon is very lean and doesn't yield enough fat.) Cook celery, carrot, and onion in fat in pot over low heat, covered, stirring occasionally, until softened but not browned, 10 to 12 minutes. Add cinnamon and cook, uncovered, stirring, 1 minute. While vegetables are cooking, peel potatoes and coarsely chop. Peel and core 1 apple and coarsely chop. Stir squash, potato, chopped apple, st <END>
INPUT: French, souffle, butter, Sugar, milk, cornstarch, dark chocolate
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate Souffle | CUISINE: French | INGREDIENTS: Softened butter; Sugar; 10 ounces milk; 1/2-ounce cornstarch; 10 ounces dark chocolate, finely chopped; 2 ounces egg yolks; 2 ounces sugar; 7 ounces egg whites | INSTRUCTIONS: Pre-heat oven to 400 degrees F. Prepare 6 (6-ounce) baking molds by brushing softened butter and lightly sprinkling them with sugar. Combine the milk and the cornstarch in a large saucepan, and bring to a boil. Place the chopped chocolate in a large bowl. Once the milk has come to a boil, pour it over the chocolate, and mix. Add the egg yolks to the chocolate mixture, and mix until smooth. Using a hand held or professional mixer, combine the sugar and egg whites, whip until medium peaks. Incorporate and fold a small amount of the egg whites into the chocolate mixture to bring both products to  <END>
INPUT: salad, shallot, lemon juice, wine vinegar, fine sea salt, escarole
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fennel, Frisée, and Escarole Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons minced shallot; 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice (preferably Meyer lemon); 1 teaspoon red-wine vinegar, or to taste; 1/2 teaspoon fine sea salt; 1 small head escarole (3/4 pound), torn into bite-size pieces; 1 small head frisée (3/4 pound), torn into bite-size pieces; 1 small fennel bulb, quartered and thinly sliced or shaved with an adjustable-blade slicer; 1/4 cup fine-quality extra-virgin olive oil; 1 (1/2-pound) piece Parmigiano-Reggiano | INSTRUCTIONS: Stir together shallot, lemon juice, vinegar, sea salt, and 1/2 teaspoon pepper in a small bowl. Let stand 5 minutes. Meanwhile, toss together greens and fennel in a salad bowl. Whisk oil into shallot mixture, then toss with salad. Top with shaved parmesan. Stir together shallot, lemon juice, vinegar, sea salt, and 1/2 teaspoon pepper in a small bowl. Let stand 5 minutes. Meanwhile, toss together greens and fennel in a salad bowl. Whisk oil into shallot mixture, then toss with salad. Top with shaved parmesan. <END>
INPUT: American, buffalo, sandwiches, Salt pepper, sweet paprika, chili powder, drizzle virgin olive
OUTPUT: TITLE: Hot Buffalo Chicken Sandwiches | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 4 pieces, 6 ounces each, boneless, skinless chicken breast; Salt and pepper; 1 teaspoon sweet paprika, 1 /3 palm full; 1 teaspoon chili powder, 1/3 palm full; A drizzle extra-virgin olive oil; 2 tablespoons butter; 1/2 cup, 4 ounces, cayenne pepper sauce, preferred brand Frank's Red Hot; Bib or leaf lettuce leaves; 4 crusty rolls, split; 2 cups sour cream; 4 scallions, thinly sliced; 1/2 pound blue cheese, crumbled; Small red onion, thinly sliced; 8 ribs celery, cut into sticks; 2 large carrots, peeled and cut into sticks | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat a large nonstick skillet over medium high heat. Season chicken with salt, pepper, paprika and chili powder. Drizzle breast with a little extra virgin olive oil to coat. Pan grill chicken breasts 5 minutes on each side. Heat a metal or oven safe glass bowl over low heat and melt butter in the bowl. Add hot sauce to the butter and combine. When the chicken breasts are done, remove from pan and add to the bowl and coat evenly with hot sauce mixture. Place chicken breasts on bun bottoms and top with crisp lettuce. Combine sour cream, scallions and blue cheese and slather bun tops with blue ch <END>
INPUT: Italian, cannelloni, eggplants, buttermilk, vegetable oil, eggs, milk
OUTPUT: TITLE: Eggplant Cannelloni | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 2 medium eggplants, cut into 1/4-inch planks; 2 cups buttermilk; 4 cups vegetable oil; 1 cup eggs; 1 cup milk; 2 cups all-purpose flour; 3/4 to 1 cup goat cheese, divided; 12 fresh basil leaves; 2 cups Marinara Sauce, recipe follows; 1 cup shredded Parmesan; 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1/4 onion yellow, diced; 1/4 cup diced celery; 1/4 cup red wine; 1 quart red sauce of choice | INSTRUCTIONS: Place the sliced eggplant in a shallow pan with the buttermilk and marinate for 20 minutes. Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Heat the oil in a large saucepan over medium-high heat to 350 degrees F. Beat the eggs and milk together to make an egg wash. Once the oil is to temperature, dredge the eggplant in the flour, tap off any excess, and then coat with the prepared egg wash. Slip gently into the oil and fry until golden brown, about 2 minutes. Flip and continue to cook the other side until golden brown, 2 to 3 minutes. After frying, remove to paper towels to drain. Repeat the process until  <END>
INPUT: dark, torte, semisweet chocolate chips, unsweetened cocoa powder, espresso powder coffee, eggs
OUTPUT: TITLE: Dark Chocolate Torte with Spiked Blackberry Coulis | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 2/3 cups semisweet chocolate chips (16 ounces), divided; 1 cup (2 sticks) salted margarine, divided; 1/4 cup unsweetened cocoa powder; 1 teaspoon instant espresso powder or instant coffee powder; 5 large eggs; 1 cup sugar; Spiked Blackberry Coulis; Fresh mint sprigs; Fresh blackberries (optional) | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350°F. Brush 9-inch-diameter springform pan with margarine; line bottom with parchment. Stir 1 2/3 cups chocolate chips and 3/4 cup margarine in medium saucepan over low heat until smooth. Whisk in cocoa and espresso. Cool 10 minutes. Using electric mixer, beat eggs and sugar in large bowl on high speed until thick, about 6 minutes. Fold in chocolate mixture. Pour batter into prepared pan. Bake torte until dry and cracked on top and tester inserted into center comes out with some moist batter attached, about 42 minutes. Cool in pan on rack 1 hour (center will fall). Using spatu <END>
INPUT: Asian, diver, cauliflower, milk, Salt, Sherry vinegar, Swiss chard bok
OUTPUT: TITLE: Diver Scallop and Spiny Lobster with White Soy, Cauliflower, and Egg | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1 head cauliflower; 2 cups milk; Salt; Sherry vinegar; 1 bunch yellow Swiss chard or bok choy (but not red chard); 1 cup fresh wood ear mushrooms; 1 spiny tailed lobster; 4 giant sea scallops (U-10); 2 cups white soy sauce with dashi; 1/2 cup heavy cream; 2 1/2 pounds butter, cold and cut into pieces; Fresh lime juice; 3 tablespoons clarified butter; 2 tablespoons butter; 4 quail eggs | INSTRUCTIONS: To make the cauliflower puree: Trim away the stem and core from the cauliflower. Cut it into large pieces and using a food processor, process it into small pieces. In a saucepan, combine the ground cauliflower and milk and bring to a simmer, cooking until very soft. Strain the cauliflower through a sieve set over a bowl, reserving the milk. Puree the cauliflower in a blender, using only as much milk as needed to blend well. Pass through a fine sieve and season with salt and sherry vinegar, to taste. Let cool. To prepare the vegetables and shellfish: Separate the chard leaves from the stem. Cut <END>
INPUT: relish, olive oil, onion, garlic, orange juice, cascabel chile powder
OUTPUT: TITLE: Rosemary Marinated Chicken Thighs with Spicy Orange Glaze and Orange-Pineapple Relish | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1 red onion, coarsely chopped; 4 cloves garlic, coarsely chopped; 6 cups fresh orange juice; 1 teaspoon cascabel chile powder; Salt and freshly ground pepper; 3/4 cup olive oil; 3 cloves garlic, chopped; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh rosemary; 8 chicken thighs, skin on; Salt and freshly ground pepper; Spicy Orange Glaze; 2 oranges, peeled and segmented; 1/2 pineapple, peeled and diced; 1 red onion, thinly sliced | INSTRUCTIONS: Spicy Orange Glaze: Place all ingredients in a medium saucepan and bring to a boil on the grill. Cook until reduced to 1 cup. Set 1/4 cup aside. Chicken: Whisk together the oil, garlic and rosemary in a large baking dish. Add the chicken and turn to coat. Cover and marinate in the refrigerator for at least 4 hours or overnight. Preheat grill to medium-high. Remove chicken from marinade and season with salt and pepper to taste. Grill skin side-down until golden brown, about 4 to 5 minutes. Turn over and continue grilling for 6 to 7 minutes until cooked through, turning and basting with the Spic <END>
INPUT: sucker, pork belly, Kosher salt, Sugar, garlic, piece ginger
OUTPUT: TITLE: Belly and Sucker | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 pounds fresh pork belly; Kosher salt, for seasoning; Sugar, for seasoning; 5 cloves garlic; 1-inch piece fresh ginger, sliced; 12 ounces light beer; One 6- to 8-pound octopus; 1 red onion, halved; 5 cloves garlic; 4 bay leaves; 1 teaspoon kosher salt; 4 cups carrot juice; 1 tablespoon unsalted butter; 1 teaspoon kosher salt; 1/2 cup red wine | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. For the pork: Season the pork generously on both sides with salt and sugar. Allow to "dry brine" for about an hour. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Place the pork in a casserole dish. Add the garlic, ginger and enough beer to reach halfway up the belly. Cover in plastic wrap, then foil and roast until tender, about 3 hours. Remove the pork from the pan and press between 2 cookie sheets, weighing down the top with a couple of cans. Refrigerate overnight. For the octopus: Place the octopus in large pot with the red onion, garlic and bay leaves. Season with salt  <END>
INPUT: herb, new potatoes, garlic, sage, pepper flakes, Kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Herb Roasted Potatoes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound new potatoes, assorted varieties and colors are great; 6 cloves garlic, smashed; 2 tablespoons finely chopped sage; Pinch crushed red pepper flakes; Kosher salt; Extra-virgin olive oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. Cut the potatoes into halves or quarters, as long as they are all about the same size. Place the potatoes in a large bowl and add the garlic, sage, and crushed red pepper. Generously sprinkle with kosher salt and olive oil. (The potatoes will absorb a lot of oil and salt; they will taste bland if we don't go big here.) Lay the potatoes in a single layer on a sheet tray and roast in the preheated oven for 20 to 30 minutes. Check the potatoes halfway through the cooking process to rearrange so the potatoes will have even cooking time and get evenly browned. The pot <END>
INPUT: Italian, napoleon, eggplants, Sea salt sprinkling, Basil Pesto, virgin olive oil, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Eggplant Napoleon | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 3 medium eggplants (2 1/2 to 3 pounds total), stem and root ends trimmed and discarded, sliced into 1/2-inch-thick rounds; Sea salt for sprinkling; 1/4 cup Basil Pesto; 1/2 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 6 cloves garlic, finely chopped; Juice of 3 lemons; 1/2 cup all-purpose flour; 2 egg whites, beaten; 2 cups panko (Japanese breadcrumbs); 2 tablespoons grated Parmigiano-Reggiano cheese; 2 tablespoons dried parsley; 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; Corn oil for frying; 3 cups Mutabal; 8 plum tomatoes, chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: Arrange the eggplant slices on two sheet pans, sprinkle with salt, and set aside for 30 minutes or until they begin to sweat. Using a paper towel, pat the slices dry and set aside. In a large bowl, whisk together the pesto, olive oil, garlic and lemon juice. Toss in the eggplant to coat and let marinate at room temperature for at least 1 hour or overnight in the refrigerator. Dump the flour onto a shallow rimmed plate. In a medium bowl, whisk together the egg whites and 1 cup of water. Combine the panko, Parmigiano-Reggiano, parsley and pepper on a second shallow rimmed plate. Spread a sheet o <END>
INPUT: American, gouda, cheese, family size tea, sugar, garlic, thyme, Vidalia onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Smoked Gouda Mac and Cheese with Green Tomato Chow Chow and Sweet Tea Chicken | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 4 family-size tea bags, preferably Lipton; 1/2 cup brown sugar; 3 cloves garlic, smashed; 3 sprigs thyme; 1 Vidalia onion, thinly sliced; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 3 cups ice cubes; Eight 8-ounce skin-on chicken breasts with drum attached; Vegetable oil, for frying; 1 cup prepared sweet tea; 12 cups roughly chopped green cabbage; 3 cups roughly chopped onions; 3 cups roughly chopped green tomatoes; 2 cups roughly chopped roasted red peppers; 3 cups sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: an instant-read thermometer For the chicken: Bring 16 cups of water to a boil in a large pot and drop in the tea bags. Boil 2 to 3 minutes. Add the brown sugar, garlic, thyme, onion, 1/4 cup salt and several grinds of pepper and return to a boil; cook for 10 minutes. Add the ice cubes to the marinade and refrigerate it until cold, about 1 hour. Add the chicken to the brine and marinate at least 12 hours. Heat enough oil to coat the bottom of a large nonstick skillet over medium-high heat for about 2 minutes. Working in batches, remove the chicken from the brine, pat it dry,  <END>
INPUT: ox cheeks, good stout, wine, rosemary, thyme
OUTPUT: TITLE: Braised Ox Cheeks | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 ox cheeks, fat and gristle trimmed; 3 cups good stout, such as London Porter; 3 cups red wine, such as Cabernet Sauvignon or Malbec; 4 ounces fresh rosemary stalks; 4 ounces fresh thyme stalks; 8 cloves garlic, skin on and crushed; 4 stalks celery, roughly chopped; 2 bay leaves; 2 large carrots, roughly chopped; 2 large leeks, washed and roughly chopped; 2 large white onions, roughly chopped; Vegetable oil, for frying; 4 ounces tomato paste; 6 cups dark meat stock; Salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Place the ox cheeks in a large stainless steel container and cover with the stout, wine, rosemary, thyme, garlic, celery, bay leaves, carrots, leeks and onions. Cover and marinate in the refrigerator overnight. Preheat the oven to 330 degrees F. Drain the meat in a colander, reserving the marinade and vegetables. Heat some vegetable oil in a large heavy-bottomed saucepan and gently fry the the marinated vegetables for a few minutes. Add the tomato paste and stir over a low heat for 1 minute. Slowly add the marinade, stirring constantly to incorporate. Bring to a boil and simmer until the liqui <END>
INPUT: cream, peaches, sugar, cinnamon, nutmeg
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Peaches with Nutmeg and Cream | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup cream; 4 peaches, cut in half, pit removed; 1/2 cup sugar; 1/2 teaspoon cinnamon; 1/4 teaspoon nutmeg; Olive oil; Ammaretti cookies, crumbled | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine cream and 1/4 cup of sugar in a bowl; whisk until thick. Toss peaches with 1/4 cup of sugar, cinnamon and nutmeg. Place on grill, cut side down. Allow peaches to grill until grill-marks are visible; flip over and continue to grill until hot. Serve with Ammaretti cookies and top with cream. <END>
INPUT: Indian, malai, Dijon mustard, mango, mango pulp, mint, chicken
OUTPUT: TITLE: Malai Chicken Hot Dog | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup Dijon mustard; 1/4 cup small diced mango; 1/4 cup mango pulp; 1/4 teaspoon dried mint; 2 pounds ground chicken; 1/2 cup chopped fresh cilantro; 1/2 cup chopped fresh mint, plus whole leaves for garnish; 1/4 cup cream cheese, room temperature; 1/4 cup tandoori masala; 1 tablespoon grated garlic; 1 tablespoon grated ginger plus 1/4 cup chopped; 1 teaspoon kastoori methi (dried fenugreek); 2 jalapenos, seeded, grated; 2 red onions, finely chopped; 2 eggs, well beaten | INSTRUCTIONS: For the mustard: Mix together the mustard, diced mango, mango pulp and mint. For the dogs: Mix together the chicken, cilantro, mint, cream cheese, tandoori, garlic, ginger, kastoori methi, jalapenos, onions and eggs. Divide the mixture into 8 portions and form each into a hot dog about 6 inches long and 1 1/2 inches wide. Place on a baking sheet and refrigerate for 30 minutes. Heat 2 tablespoons vegetable oil in a large saute pan over medium-high heat. Add 4 of the hot dogs and sear until browned on all sides, 3 to 5 minutes. Reduce the heat to medium-low and cook until cooked all the way thro <END>
INPUT: American, sirloin steak top, Salt pepper, plums, Olive oil brush, pkg. DOLE® All
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spinach Cherry Almond Salad with Grilled Steak Wraps | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 8 oz. sirloin steak or top loin steak; Salt and ground black pepper, to taste; 2 plums; Olive oil to brush; 1 pkg. DOLE® All Natural Spinach Cherry Almond Bleu Salad Kit; 1 DOLE Red Onion, sliced thinly into crescents; 6 (10-inch) multi-grain wraps or tortillas | INSTRUCTIONS: Season steak with salt and pepper, to taste. Grill steak to desired doneness. Cover; let stand 10 minutes. Thinly slice steak. Cut plums in half, remove seed. Slice horizontally into 3 slices. Brush with oil and grill on each side until tender. Cool slightly, cut into chunks. Combine all ingredients in salad except White Balsamic Vinaigrette, in large bowl. Add plums and onion, toss well. Toss with dressing. Microwave wraps for 35 to 40 seconds, to soften. Divide salad mixture and sliced steak among wraps and roll up. <END>
INPUT: roulade, sandwiches, virgin olive oil, shallot, garlic, fennel seeds, rosemary
OUTPUT: TITLE: Turkey-Pancetta Roulade Sandwiches | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, plus more for drizzling; 1 shallot, finely chopped; 3 cloves garlic, finely chopped; 2 teaspoons fennel seeds, chopped; 1 teaspoon chopped fresh rosemary; 1 teaspoon chopped fresh thyme; 1/4 to 1/2 teaspoon red pepper flakes; Kosher salt; 1 skin-on, boneless turkey breast (about 2 pounds); Freshly ground pepper; 12 thin slices pancetta (about 2 ounces); 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley; 8 ciabatta rolls, split; 1/4 to 1/2 pound sharp provolone, thinly sliced (optional) | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Heat 2 tablespoons olive oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Add the shallot, garlic and fennel seeds and cook until the shallot is slightly soft, 2 minutes. Stir in the rosemary, thyme, red pepper flakes and 1/4 teaspoon salt and cook 1 more minute. Remove from the heat and let cool slightly. Lay the turkey, skin-side down, on a cutting board. Cover with a sheet of plastic wrap and pound lightly with a meat mallet until it's about 8 by 12 inches and 1/4 inch thick. Remove the plastic wrap and season with 1/4 teaspoon each salt and pepper. Cut four  <END>
INPUT: ready eat ham, water chicken stock, wine, Dijon mustard, orange marmalade
OUTPUT: TITLE: Baked Ham | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 ready-to-eat ham, bone in, no water added (about 7 or 8 pounds for a half a ham); 2 to 3 cups water or chicken stock; 1/4 cup white wine; 1/2 cup Dijon mustard; 1/4 cup orange marmalade; 1/4 cup brown sugar; 2 tablespoons dark rum; 2 tablespoons cider vinegar; 1/4 cup cornmeal (helps glaze stick to ham) | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 300 degrees. Cut away fat from ham, leaving about 1/4-inch fat all around. Remove any tough skin. Score fat in a diamond pattern with a sharp knife, being careful not o cut into the meat of the ham. Place ham, fattier side up, in a roasting pan and roast on a middle rack of the oven. A good roasting guideline is about 15 minutes per pound with the final internal temperature at about 140 degrees. While the ham is roasting, mix together all the ingredients for the glaze. About halfway through the roasting time, increase the temperature to 350 degrees and begin brushing the ham wi <END>
INPUT: Asian, falafel, tahini, coriander seeds, cumin seeds, garlic, block super tofu, shelled edamame
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tofu Edamame Falafel, Tofu Tahini | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1 teaspoon toasted coriander seeds; 1 teaspoon toasted cumin seeds; 2 cloves garlic; One 14-ounce block super-firm tofu, pressed and drained, cut into 1-inch cubes; 2 cups frozen shelled edamame, thawed; 1 cup roughly chopped yellow onion; 1/2 cup packed fresh parsley leaves; 1/4 cup packed fresh cilantro leaves; 1/4 cup all-purpose flour; 1 tablespoon soy sauce; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; Vegetable oil; 2 tablespoons rice vinegar; 1 tablespoon honey; 1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Place the coriander seeds, cumin seeds and garlic into the bowl of a food processor. Blend on high speed until the spices and garlic are finely ground. Add in the tofu, edamame, onions, parsley, cilantro, flour and soy sauce. Season generously with salt and pepper. Process until the mixture forms a rough paste. Heat several inches of vegetable oil in a deep, wide pot to 375 degrees F. Roll the falafel into 2-inch balls. Fry the balls in small batches until golden brown and crispy, 3 to 4 minutes. Drain on paper towels and lightly season with salt. In a small bowl, whisk together the rice vineg <END>
INPUT: deviled, eggs, mayonnaise, mustard, sweet relish, Salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Deviled Eggs | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 12 eggs; 4 tablespoons mayonnaise; 2 teaspoons yellow mustard; 2 teaspoons sweet relish; Salt; Pepper; Paprika, for dusting | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Place eggs in a large wide saucepan and cover with cold water. Bring to a boil for 12 minutes. Remove eggs and and cool in refrigerator. Remove shells from eggs and slice in half lengthwise. Separate egg yolks and place into a bowl. Place whites on a separate plate. Add mayo, mustard, relish and salt and pepper, to taste, to yolks and mash together with a fork until creamy and smooth. Using a large star tip and resealable plastic bag, pipe the yolk mixture back into each egg, enough to fill yolk holes completely. Dust tops with paprika. Refrigerate. Serve cold. <END>
INPUT: beans, marinade, wine, wine vinegar, orange juice, firmly sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Striped Bass Escabèche with Bell Peppers and Green Beans | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: For marinade; 1/2 cup dry white wine; white-wine vinegar; 1/4 cup fresh orange juice; 2 tablespoons firmly packed brown sugar; 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1 tablespoon pickling spices; 1 teaspoon salt; 1/2 teaspoon dried hot red pepper flakes; 1/2 cup drained brine-cured green olives such as picholines, pitted and halved; 3 small red bell peppers, cut into very thin rings; 3 small yellow bell peppers, cut into very thin rings; 1 red onion, cut into very thin rings; 6 striped bass fillets with skin (about 21/4 pounds total), halved lengthwise | INSTRUCTIONS: Make marinade: In a bowl combine marinade ingredients, stirring until brown sugar is dissolved. To marinade add olives, bell peppers, and onion. Season fish with salt and pepper and in a bowl toss with flour to coat, shaking off excess. Line a shallow baking pan with paper towels. In a large heavy skillet heat 3 tablespoons oil over moderately high heat until hot but not smoking and sauté fish, 6 pieces at a time, turning once and adding remaining tablespoon oil to skillet as necessary, until golden on both sides and just cooked through, about 6 minutes. Transfer fish as sautéed to paper-towel <END>
INPUT: Italian, chile, penne pasta, kosher salt, pecorino, cherry tomatoes, Calabrian hot pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Calabrian Chile Pasta | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound penne pasta; 2 teaspoons kosher salt; 1 cup grated pecorino; 1 pint cherry tomatoes, quartered; 3 tablespoons Calabrian hot pepper paste; 1/3 cup chopped chives; 1 teaspoon grated lemon zest, from 1 lemon; 1 teaspoon lemon juice, from 1/2 lemon; 1/3 cup extra-virgin olive oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. In a 10-inch high-sided saute pan, bring 1 inch of water (about 4 cups) to a boil over high heat. Add the penne and the salt. Cook, stirring often, until the pasta is al dente, about 9 minutes; there should be a little water left in the pan. Sprinkle the pecorino over the pasta; toss to coat. Add the tomatoes, chile paste, chives, lemon zest, lemon juice and olive oil, and toss. <END>
INPUT: brownies, Hershey's semisweet chocolate, unsweetened chocolate, eggs, coffee granules
OUTPUT: TITLE: Salted Caramel Brownies | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 pound (2 sticks) unsalted butter; 8 ounces plus 6 ounces Hershey's semisweet chocolate chips; 3 ounces unsweetened chocolate; 3 extra-large eggs; 1 1/2 tablespoons instant coffee granules, such as Nescafe; 1 tablespoon pure vanilla extract; 1 cup plus 2 tablespoons sugar; 1/2 cup plus 2 tablespoons all-purpose flour, divided; 1 1/2 teaspoons baking powder; 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt; 5 to 6 ounces good caramel sauce, such as Fran's; 2 to 3 teaspoons flaked sea salt, such as Maldon | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Butter and flour a 9 x 12 x 1 1/2-inch baking pan. Melt the butter, 8 ounces of the chocolate chips, and the unsweetened chocolate together in a medium bowl set over simmering water. Allow to cool for 15 minutes. In a large bowl, stir (do not beat) together the eggs, coffee, vanilla, and sugar. Stir the chocolate mixture into the egg mixture and allow to cool to room temperature (see note below). In a medium bowl, sift together 1/2 cup of the flour, the baking powder, and salt and add to the chocolate mixture. Toss the remaining 6 ounces of chocolate chips an <END>
INPUT: Asian, salad, lettuce, peanut oil, fish sauce, rice vinegar, soy sauce, lime
OUTPUT: TITLE: Green Papaya Salad in Lettuce Wraps | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup peanut oil; 1/4 cup fish sauce, such as nam pla or nuoc nam; 1 tablespoon rice vinegar; 1 teaspoon soy sauce; 1 lime, juiced; 2 teaspoons fresh ginger, minced; 1 teaspoon sugar; 1 tablespoon red chili sauce, such as Srirachi Hot Chili Sauce; Kosher salt; 1 large green papaya, peeled and julienned, see note; 1 cup bean sprouts; 1 medium cucumber, peeled, seeded, and julienned; 1 red onion, sliced thin; 1 small red chile, sliced thin; Fresh cilantro leaves, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. For the dressing: In a small bowl add all ingredients and mix well. Set aside for about 1/2 hour to allow the flavors to develop. Taste and adjust seasoning before serving. For the salad: Combine papaya, bean sprouts, cucumber, onion, and red chile in a large bowl. Pour over the dressing and mix well. Mound onto a platter, garnish with cilantro leaves, and surround with butter lettuce leaves. <END>
INPUT: porcinis, cipollinis, clarified butter, vegetable oil, diver scallops
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pan Seared Diver Scallops | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 ounces porcinis; 3 cipollinis; 2 tablespoons clarified butter, plus 2 tablespoons; 2 tablespoons vegetable oil; 6 ounces diver scallops; Salt; Freshly ground black pepper; 1 bunch baby spinach; 1 tablespoon butter; 2 ounces fingerling potatoes; Hot Bacon Vinaigrette, recipe follows; 1 ounces smoked slab bacon; 1/4 cup sliced shallots; 1/2 cup sherry vinegar; 1/2 ounce demi-glace | INSTRUCTIONS: Clean porcinis with a damp cloth. Remove caps from stems and slice. Trim outer part of stem with paring knife, slice, and set aside. Peel cipollinis and cut lengthwise. Carmelize in 2 tablespoons clarified butter and set aside. Heat oil on saute pan. Season scallops with salt and pepper. Sear until carmelized on both sides. Wash baby spinach and dry. Add butter to a small saute pan and melt. Add spinach and cook until wilted. Wash fingerling potatoes and slice thin using a mandolin or knife. Season with salt and pepper. Brown in 2 tablespoons clarified butter. Combine mushrooms, spinach and po <END>
INPUT: plump garlic, virgin olive oil, salt, Several grinds pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Garlic | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 plump heads garlic; 1/2 teaspoon extra virgin olive oil; 1/2 teaspoon salt; Several grinds of fresh pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Slice off 3/4-inch from the pointy end of the garlic to expose a bit of each clove. Place garlic heads in center of a square of aluminum foil, cut side up. Sprinkle on a few drops of water, drizzle on the olive oil, and sprinkle on the salt and pepper. Pull corners of foil up to enclose and fold over to seal. Place package in oven and roast 50 to 60 minutes, until garlic cloves are soft and golden brown. Remove from oven and allow to cool. Squeeze out garlic pulp by squeezing head in half over a bowl. Spread on bread, use as base for dip or dressing.; <END>
INPUT: American, barbecue, firmly sugar, tomato sauce, cider vinegar, onion, Dijon mustard
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken with Sweet and Spicy Barbecue Sauce | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/3 cups firmly packed brown sugar; 1 15-ounce can tomato sauce; 1 cup cider vinegar; 1 large onion, chopped; 6 tablespoons Dijon mustard; 1 tablespoon plus 1 teaspoon dried thyme, crumbled; 1 teaspoon salt; 1 teaspoon cayenne pepper; 2 chickens, each cut into 6 pieces | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine first 8 ingredients in heavy medium saucepan. Simmer 15 minutes to blend flavors. Season with pepper. (Can be made 2 days ahead. Cover; chill.) Preheat oven to 375°F. Arrange chicken in single layer in large baking pan. Brush with some sauce. Roast until cooked through, basting occasionally with sauce, about 1 hour. Serve hot or at room temperature. Combine first 8 ingredients in heavy medium saucepan. Simmer 15 minutes to blend flavors. Season with pepper. (Can be made 2 days ahead. Cover; chill.) Preheat oven to 375°F. Arrange chicken in single layer in large baking pan. Brush with s <END>
INPUT: wrapped, roast, golden raisins, butter, EVOO, garlic, bulb fennel
OUTPUT: TITLE: Prosciutto or Pancetta-Wrapped Pork Roast with Fennel and Golden Raisin Stuffing | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/3 cup golden raisins; 2 tablespoons butter; EVOO, as needed; 3 to 4 cloves garlic, finely chopped; 1 small bulb fennel, chopped, plus 3 to 4 tablespoons fronds; 1 onion, chopped; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1/2 cup dry white wine; 1 pound ground pork; 4 tablespoons lightly toasted pine nuts; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh thyme; 1 cup chicken stock; One 3-pound trimmed boneless pork loin; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1/3 pound thinly sliced (but not shaved) prosciutto di Parma or pancetta | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: butcher's twine For the fennel and golden raisin stuffing: Place the golden raisins in a small dish, cover with boiling water and let stand to soften. Melt the butter with a turn of the pan of EVOO in a skillet over medium heat. Add the garlic, fennel (reserving the fronds) and onions, sprinkle with some salt and pepper and cook until the vegetables soften, 12 to 15 minutes. Deglaze with the wine, transfer to a bowl and let cool completely. Drain and chop the raisins, and then combine with the fennel, onions, ground pork, pine nuts and thyme. For the prosciutto-wrapped pork  <END>
INPUT: virgin olive oil, garlic, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tomato Jam | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil; 2 small cloves garlic, finely chopped; 1 (1-inch) piece ginger, peeled and finely chopped (1 tablespoon); 1 small red onion, peeled and finely diced; 1 (28-ounce) can plum tomatoes; 1/2 cup red-wine vinegar; 1/4 cup honey; 1/4 cup firmly packed brown sugar; 1/2 teaspoon ground ginger; Pinch ground cloves; 2 cinnamon sticks; 2 whole star anise | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat a medium saucepan over medium heat. Add olive oil, garlic, ginger, and red onion, and saute until translucent. Add tomatoes, breaking them up with a wooden spoon. Add remaining ingredients. Simmer, stirring occasionally until tomatoes have dissolved and liquid has evaporated, 60 to 70 minutes. Discard cinnamon sticks and star anise before serving. <END>
INPUT: Indian, curry, chicken thighs, lemon, Kosher salt, cashews, coriander seeds
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken Curry | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 2 1/2 pounds boneless skinless chicken thighs; 1 lemon, juiced; Kosher salt; 1 cup cashews, plus more for garnish; 1 teaspoon coriander seeds; 1 teaspoon cumin seeds; 6 cardamom pods; 5 black peppercorns; 4 whole cloves; 2 large onions, chopped; 3 to 4 cloves garlic; One 2-inch piece fresh ginger, peeled and finely chopped; 3 tablespoons vegetable oil, plus more for brushing; 2 bay leaves; 5 roma tomatoes | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: a spice grinder and grill pan For the chicken curry: Toss the chicken thighs with the lemon juice and some salt in a large bowl. Set aside for 30 minutes. Toast the cashews (including some for garnish) in a small saucepan over low heat and set aside. Dry roast the coriander, cumin, cardamom, peppercorns and cloves in a small skillet over low heat. Let them cool before grinding them in a spice grinder. Set aside. Add the onions, garlic and ginger to a blender and puree until smooth. Heat the vegetable oil in a large saucepan over medium heat. Add the onion mixture and the bay <END>
INPUT: Asian, bowl, Kosher salt, Chinese noodles, broccoli slaw, sesame oil, tofu
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chinese Noodle-Vegetable Bowl | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: Kosher salt; 1 8-ounce package thin Chinese noodles; 1 12-ounce package broccoli slaw; 2 teaspoons toasted sesame oil; 1 14-ounce package extra-firm tofu, drained and cut into 1/2-inch cubes; 1/4 cup vegetable oil; 6 scallions, cut into 1-inch pieces; 1 tablespoon minced peeled ginger; 2 5-ounce packages sliced shiitake mushrooms; 2 cups low-sodium mushroom or vegetable broth; 2 tablespoons soy sauce; Freshly ground pepper; 2 teaspoons cornstarch | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add the noodles and broccoli slaw; cook, stirring, until the noodles are al dente and the slaw is tender, about 3 minutes. Drain and rinse under cold water, then transfer to a large bowl. Add the sesame oil, season with salt and toss. Meanwhile, spread out the tofu on a kitchen towel; lay another towel on top and press to remove as much water as possible. Heat 2 tablespoons vegetable oil in a Dutch oven or large deep skillet over high heat. Add the tofu and cook, turning, until golden, about 6 minutes. Transfer to a paper towel-lined plate using a s <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, hummus, cannellini beans, Juice lemon, garlic, Kosher salt, virgin olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cannellini Bean Hummus | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: One 15-ounce can cannellini beans, rinsed and drained; Juice of 1 lemon; 1 to 2 cloves garlic, peeled and smashed; Kosher salt; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, plus more for drizzling; Small handful of fresh basil leaves, chiffonade, optional | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Combine the beans, lemon juice, garlic and a pinch of salt in a food processor and pulse until coarsely chopped. Add the oil and puree until smooth, about 30 seconds. Transfer the hummus to a bowl. Drizzle with some olive oil and sprinkle with the basil if using. <END>
INPUT: Asian, chinese, additional hoisin sauce, roasted duck, napa cabbage, California seedless grapes, onions
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chinese-Style Duck with Grapes and Cabbage | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1/3 cup additional hoisin sauce for serving; 1/2 a roasted duck, skin and bones removed, meat sliced or shredded. (about 2 cups); 3 cups sliced napa cabbage; 1 cup red and green California seedless grapes, halved; 1/2 cup thinly sliced green onions; Hoisin Dressing:; 1/4 cup vegetable oil; 2 tablespoons unseasoned rice vinegar (or substitute white wine vinegar); 1 tablespoon hoisin sauce; 1 teaspoon grated fresh ginger; 1/2 teaspoon toasted sesame oil; To taste salt and freshly ground black pepper; 6 mu shu pancakes/wrappers*, warmed | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large bowl, combine the cabbage, grapes and green onions. In another bowl whisk together the oil, vinegar, one tablespoon of hoisin sauce, ginger, sesame oil and salt and pepper. In a skillet over medium high heat, saute the duck meat just until it is hot, about 2 minutes. Add the hoisin dressing and stir together. Heat until bubbling, about 1 minute. Pour the duck and dressing into the cabbage, grapes and greens, then toss gently to mix. Arrange on a warm serving plate and serve immediately with hoisin sauce and warmed pancakes. To serve, spread a spoonful of hoisin sauce on a pancake an <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, hummus, shelled edamame, silken tofu, salt, garlic, olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Edamame "Hummus" | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups shelled edamame, cooked according to package directions; 1 cup silken tofu, briefly drained of excess liquid; 1/2 teaspoon salt, plus more to taste; 3 cloves garlic; 1/4 cup olive oil; 1/3 cup lemon juice, plus more, to taste; 1 1/2 teaspoons cumin, plus more, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Set 1 tablespoon of edamame aside for a garnish. Place the rest of the edamame, tofu, salt, garlic, oil, lemon juice, and 1 1/2 teaspoons cumin in the bowl of a food processor and process until very smooth, about 2 minutes. Season with additional salt and pepper, plus more lemon juice, if desired. Remove to a serving bowl and garnish with reserved edamame, and some cumin. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, soup, canola oil, unsalted butter, almonds, carrots, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Carrot-Almond Soup | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons canola oil; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1/2 cup whole almonds; 1 pound carrots, sliced; 1 medium yellow onion, diced; 3 teaspoons kosher salt; 1 1/2 teaspoons ground cumin; 1/2 teaspoon ground coriander; 1/4 teaspoon ground ginger; Freshly ground black pepper; 6 cups water; 1 (15-ounce) can chickpeas, drained and rinsed; 1/2 cup plain yogurt; 1/3 cup fresh cilantro leaves, roughly chopped; Finely grated zest of 1 lemon | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat the oil and butter over medium heat in a large soup pot. Add the almonds and stir until toasted, about 3 minutes. Transfer nuts with a slotted spoon to a small plate and reserve. Add the carrots, onion, salt, cumin, coriander, ginger, and pepper to the pot and cook, stirring occasionally until tender, about 10 minutes. Increase the heat to high and cook until the vegetables brown, about 4 minutes more. Add the water and chickpeas to the pot. Bring the soup to a simmer and cook until the beans are very tender, about 10 minutes. Meanwhile, stir together the yogurt, cilantro, and lemon zest  <END>
INPUT: American, chunk, cookie, all purpose flour, cinnamon, baking powder, espresso powder, baking soda
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cinnamon–Chocolate Chunk Skillet Cookie | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cups all-purpose flour; 2 teaspoons ground cinnamon; 1 teaspoon baking powder; 1 teaspoon espresso powder; 1/2 teaspoon baking soda; 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt; 2 large eggs; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; 10 tablespoons unsalted butter, room temperature; 3/4 cup granulated sugar; 3/4 cup (packed) light brown sugar; 8 ounces high-quality milk chocolate, chopped; A heavy (preferably cast-iron) 12-inch skillet | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 375°F. Whisk flour, cinnamon, baking powder, espresso powder, baking soda, and salt in a medium bowl. Lightly beat eggs and vanilla in a small bowl. Using an electric mixer on medium speed, beat butter, granulated sugar, and brown sugar in a large bowl until light and fluffy, 3–4 minutes. Add egg mixture and beat, occasionally scraping down sides of bowl, until mixture is pale and fluffy, 3–4 minutes. Reduce mixer speed to low and gradually add dry ingredients, beating until just incorporated. Fold in chocolate with a spatula. Press dough evenly into 12" skillet. Bake cookie un <END>
INPUT: vegetable oil, chicken livers, low salt chicken, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken Liver Pâté with Figs and Walnuts | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Nonstick vegetable oil spray; 1 pound chicken livers, trimmed; 1 cup canned low-salt chicken broth; 1 small onion, thinly sliced; cup (2 sticks) unsalted butter, room temperature; 1 tablespoon Cognac; 1 1/4 teaspoons salt; 1 cup dry red wine; 3/4 cup dried black Mission figs; 1/2 cup chopped toasted walnuts; Fresh chives (for garnish); Red leaf lettuce (for garnish); 1 French-bread baguette, sliced, toasted | INSTRUCTIONS: Spray 3-cup soufflé dish or terrine with vegetable oil spray. Line dish with plastic wrap; spray plastic. Combine chicken livers, broth and onion in medium saucepan. Bring to boil. Cover and simmer until livers are cooked through, stirring occasionally, about 12 minutes. Drain cooking liquid; transfer chicken livers and onion to processor. Add butter, Cognac and salt to processor. Puree until smooth. Transfer to prepared dish. Cover and refrigerate until firm, at least 4 hours. Bring wine to simmer in small saucepan. Remove from heat. Add figs. Let stand until figs soften, about 15 minutes. Dr <END>
INPUT: heroes, purchased egg salad, smoked ham, onions, tarragon, Mayonnaise
OUTPUT: TITLE: Ham and Egg-Salad Heroes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound purchased egg salad (about 2 cups); 6 ounces smoked ham, cut into 1/2-inch dice; 1/2 cup thinly sliced green onions; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh tarragon; Mayonnaise (optional); 4 hero rolls or kaiser rolls, split horizontally in half; 1 red bell pepper, thinly sliced into rings; 4 large romaine lettuce leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: Mix egg salad, smoked ham, green onions, and tarragon in medium bowl. If the egg salad seems dry, stir in additional mayonnaise by tablespoonfuls. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Divide egg- salad mixture among bottom halves of rolls. Top with bell pepper rings, lettuce leaves, and top halves of rolls. Cut each sandwich in half and serve. Mix egg salad, smoked ham, green onions, and tarragon in medium bowl. If the egg salad seems dry, stir in additional mayonnaise by tablespoonfuls. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Divide egg- salad mixture among bottom halves of rolls. Top with bel <END>
INPUT: affogato, Campari, orange juice, lemon sorbet
OUTPUT: TITLE: Campari Affogato With Lemon Sorbet | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup Campari; 1/4 cup fresh orange juice; 1 pint lemon sorbet; 2 (2x1-inch) strips orange zest, thinly sliced lengthwise | INSTRUCTIONS: Mix Campari and orange juice in a small bowl. Divide sorbet among 4 small serving bowls or coffee cups. Pour 2 Tbsp. Campari mixture into each bowl. Top with orange zest. Mix Campari and orange juice in a small bowl. Divide sorbet among 4 small serving bowls or coffee cups. Pour 2 Tbsp. Campari mixture into each bowl. Top with orange zest. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, quesadilla, olive oil, unsalted butter, sweet onions, balsamic vinegar, thyme leaves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Camembert-Caramelized Onion Quesadilla with Apple Chutney | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon olive oil; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 2 sweet onions, peeled, halved and thinly sliced; 1 tablespoon balsamic vinegar; 2 teaspoons chopped fresh thyme leaves; 9 (6-inch) flour tortillas, or 9 (12-inch) flour tortillas, cut to 6-inch size; Salt and freshly ground pepper; 1 pound Camembert, thinly sliced; Canola oil; Apple Chutney, recipe follows; Fresh thyme sprigs, for garnish; 2 tablespoons canola oil; 1 small red onion, finely chopped; 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh ginger; 2 cloves garlic, chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the grill to medium. Heat the oil and butter in a large saute pan over medium heat. Add the onions and slowly cook until caramelized, about 45 minutes. Then stir in the balsamic vinegar and thyme. Let cool slightly before using in quesadilla. Place 6 quesadillas on a flat surface and divide the cheese and onions among the tortillas. Season filling with salt and pepper. Stack the tortillas to make 3 (2-layer) tortillas, and top with the remaining tortillas. Brush the tops with oil and grill, oiled-side down, until golden brown, about 2 to 3 minutes. Flip the quesadillas, close the cover <END>
INPUT: eggplants, Salt pepper, eggs, milk half half, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Breaded Eggplant | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 medium eggplants; Salt and pepper; 2 eggs, beaten; 1 cup milk or half and half; 1 clove garlic, crushed; 3 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil; 2 cups dry panko crumbs; 2 pounds ricotta cheese; 3 eggs, beaten; Zest of one lemon; Juice of one lemon; Salt and pepper to taste | INSTRUCTIONS: Cut off the top of the eggplant and slice crosswise. Sprinkle with salt and arrange the slices on a plate at an angle. Put a weight on top of it to sweat the eggplant, allowing the juices to drain for 1 to 2 hours. Dry the eggplant slices with a paper towel. Mix the eggs, milk and pinch of salt and pepper in a bowl. Stir the crushed garlic into the olive oil in a cup. Lightly coat a baking sheet with the garlic-olive oil mixture. Dip each slice of eggplant on both sides in the egg batter and then into the bread crumbs. Tap in the bread crumbs with your palm to get a good adherence to the surfa <END>
INPUT: Vegetable oil, garlic, scallions, milk
OUTPUT: TITLE: Artichoke Fritters | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Vegetable oil; 1 (18-ounce) can artichoke hearts, drained; 2 garlic cloves, minced; 3 scallions, chopped; 1/4 cup milk; 1 large egg, beaten; 1 teaspoon lemon zest; 2 teaspoons lemon juice; 1 cup all-purpose flour; 3/4 teaspoon baking powder; 1 teaspoon salt; 1/2 teaspoon pepper; 1/2 lemon, to squeeze over fritters; Kosher salt, to sprinkle; Lemon Cream, recipe follows, optional | INSTRUCTIONS: Pour 3 inches of vegetable oil into a heavy bottomed pot and place over medium heat until a bread cube placed in the oil browns within 1 minute. Coarsely chop the artichokes (or alternatively crush by hand) and put them in a large mixing bowl. Add the garlic and scallions, milk, egg, lemon zest and lemon juice. Mix the flour, baking powder, salt and pepper in a separate bowl and quickly mix the dry ingredients into the artichoke mix. Drop the fritters by the heaping tablespoonful into the hot oil and fry until golden brown, about 5 minutes. Work in batches until all the batter is used. Keep wa <END>
INPUT: Italian, gnocchi, skinned sweet potatoes, container ricotta cheese, salt, nutmeg
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sweet Potato Gnocchi with Brown Butter and Sage | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 2 1-pound red-skinned sweet potatoes (yams), rinsed, patted dry, pierced all over with fork; 1 12-ounce container fresh ricotta cheese, drained in sieve 2 hours 1 cup finely grated Parmesan cheese (about 3 ounces); 2 tablespoons (packed) golden brown sugar; 2 teaspoons plus 2 tablespoons salt; 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground nutmeg; 2 3/4 cups (about) all purpose flour; 1 cup (2 sticks) unsalted butter; 6 tablespoons chopped fresh sage plus whole leaves for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Line large baking sheet with parchment paper. Place sweet potatoes on plate; microwave on high until tender, about 5 minutes per side. Cut in half and cool. Scrape sweet potato flesh into medium bowl and mash; transfer 3 cups to large bowl. Add ricotta cheese; blend well. Add Parmesan cheese, brown sugar, 2 teaspoons salt, and nutmeg; mash to blend. Mix in flour, about 1/2 cup at a time, until soft dough forms. Turn dough out onto floured surface; divide into 6 equal pieces. Rolling between palms and floured work surface, form each piece into 20-inch-long rope (about 1 inch in diameter), sprin <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, russet, water, virgin olive oil, garlic, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Olive-Oil-Glazed Potatoes | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 1 lb russet (baking) potatoes (about 2); 1 1/4 cups water; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1 garlic clove, minced; 1/2 teaspoon salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Peel potatoes and halve lengthwise, then cut crosswise into 1/8-inch-thick slices. Combine potatoes with water, oil, garlic, and salt in a 10-inch nonstick skillet and bring to a simmer. Cover skillet and briskly simmer, shaking skillet occasionally, until potatoes are tender and most of water is absorbed, 10 to 12 minutes. Peel potatoes and halve lengthwise, then cut crosswise into 1/8-inch-thick slices. Combine potatoes with water, oil, garlic, and salt in a 10-inch nonstick skillet and bring to a simmer. Cover skillet and briskly simmer, shaking skillet occasionally, until potatoes are tend <END>
INPUT: American, pork, Salt pepper, No Cook Low, no sugar added
OUTPUT: TITLE: Bourbon Barbecue Pork Ribs | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 4 to 5 pounds pork ribs; Salt and pepper; No-Cook Low Carb Bourbon Barbecue Sauce, recipe follows; 29 ounces no sugar added tomato sauce; 6 ounces no sugar added tomato paste; 2 ounces bourbon; 2 tablespoons white vinegar; 2 tablespoons liquid smoke; 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce; 1/2 tablespoon hot sauce; 3/4 cup sugar substitute (recommended: Splenda); 1/4 cup brown sugar substitute, optional (recommended: Sugar Twin brand); 2 tablespoons red onion, finely chopped; 1 small clove garlic, minced; 1/4 teaspoon garlic powder | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 290 degrees F. Season the ribs liberally with salt and pepper on both sides and place in a proportionate size deep roasting pan. Add 1 cup barbecue sauce and 2 cups water over the ribs until almost completely submerged; if not add a bit more sauce and water or use a smaller pan. Cover tightly with aluminum foil, place on center rack of the oven, and bake for about 2 hours or until meat is almost falling off the bone. Remove, drain liquid immediately, and coat cooked ribs with fresh barbecue sauce. It is best to make the ribs a day ahead up to this point. Refrigerate overnight a <END>
INPUT: angel, food, egg whites, salt, cream tartar, lemon oil, vanilla extract
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lemon-Glazed Lemon Angel Food Cake | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/4 cups egg whites, at room temperature (about 9 large eggs); 1/4 teaspoon salt; 1 teaspoon cream of tartar; 1 teaspoon lemon oil; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; 1 1/2 cups sifted sugar; 1 cup cake flour, sifted three times; 1 cup confectioners sugar, sifted; 2-3 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 1 tablespoon finely grated lemon zest | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 325. Beat egg whites until frothy; add salt, cream of tartar and lemon oil and vanilla extract. Continue beating until they form stiff but not dry peaks. Using a rubber spatula, gradually fold in the sugar a few tablespoons at a time. Using the same rubber spatula, gradually fold in the flour, one quarter at a time. Be sure that you use a true folding motion, gently turning the spatula from the bottom of the bowl to the top, folding in air with each stroke as opposed to beating or stirring. You just went to all that work the whip up the egg whites, don't want to beat them to de <END>
INPUT: lamb racks, Salt pepper, Roasted Jerusalem Artichoke, Mushroom Cream Sauce, salsify
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roast Rack of Lamb | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 lamb racks, cleaned and frenched, see Cook's Note*; Salt and pepper; Roasted Jerusalem Artichoke and Salsify Ragoût, recipe follows; Mushroom Cream Sauce, recipes follow; 1 pound salsify, peeled and cut into 1 inch pieces, see Cook's Note**; 1/4 cup olive oil; 1 pound Jerusalem artichokes, peeled and roughly chopped, see Cook's Note*; 2 tablespoons kosher salt; 1 tablespoon freshly ground black pepper; 1/4 cup fresh thyme, picked; 1/2 cup white wine; 1/4 cup dried mushrooms, see Cook's Note*; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1 cup chopped shiitake mushrooms; 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: ovenproof skillet Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F. Bring the lamb racks to room temperature. Season with salt and pepper. In an ovenproof skillet sear the lamb over high heat until golden, about 5 minutes. Place the skillet directly in the oven on the middle rack and roast for 10 minutes. Lower the oven temperature to 350 degrees F. and continue roasting for another 15 minutes. Allow the lamb to rest for 10 minutes before slicing. Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Soak salsify in cold water until all ingredients are assembled. Divide olive oil between 2 bowls. Add Jerusal <END>
INPUT: grapes, Gorgonzola cheese, mascarpone cheese, figs, walnuts
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Stuffed Fig with Gorgonzola | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 red grapes, thinly sliced; 1/2 cup Gorgonzola cheese; 1/2 cup mascarpone cheese; 4 fresh figs; 1/2 cup walnuts; Splash olive oil; 3 slices prosciutto, thinly sliced; Splash red wine vinegar | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: a disposable pastry bag Freeze the grape slices until frozen, about 30 minutes. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Put the Gorgonzola and mascarpone in a bowl and mix with an electric hand mixer until combined. Fill a disposable pastry bag with the cheese mixture and snip the tip about 1/2 inch from the end. Remove the top third from each fig and place upright on a small baking sheet. Add the walnuts and roast until the figs are soft and beginning to caramelize and the walnuts are toasty, about 10 minutes. Heat a saute pan over medium heat and add a splash of olive oil. Add  <END>
INPUT: Mexican, nachos, oil, flour tortillas, Salt, lobster meat, Meyer lemon oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lobster Nachos | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups cooking oil; 4 large white flour tortillas, cut into quarters; Salt; 2 cups lobster meat (can substitute crab orshrimp); 3 tablespoons Meyer lemon oil; 1 cup white corn kernels; 1/2 cup diced tomatoes; 3 tablespoons chopped mint leaves; 1/3 cup chopped cilantro leaves; 1 tablespoon chopped jalapeno; 1 cup canned black beans, rinsed and drained; 1/4 cup jicama, diced; 1/4 cup lime juice; 1 teaspoon chili powder; 1/2 teaspoon garlic salt | INSTRUCTIONS: In a medium, wide skillet, heat the cooking oil over medium heat. Add the tortillas to the skillet, a few at a time, and fry for about 1 minute on each side. Put the fried tortillas on paper towels to drain and sprinkle with salt, to taste. In a saute pan, warm the lobster meat with the lemon oil over low heat minutes until warm, about 5 minutes. In a large bowl combine the corn, tomatoes, mint, cilantro, jalapeno, black beans, jicama, lime juice, chili powder, and the garlic salt. Start assembling the nachos by stacking the tortilla chips on each plate. Add the black bean salsa then top with  <END>
INPUT: Indian, virgin olive oil, wine vinegar, thyme, garlic, Kosher salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Beet and Lentil Dip | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 2 to 3 tablespoons red wine vinegar; 4 sprigs fresh thyme; 3 cloves garlic, crushed with the back of a knife; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 medium red beets (about 12 ounces total), peeled and cut into 1-inch chunks; 1/2 cup walnuts; One 15-ounce can organic low-sodium brown or black lentils, drained and rinsed well; Serving suggestions: Dippers such as baked pita chips and sliced cucumbers, bell peppers and/or carrots | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F with 2 racks set in the middle. Stir together 1/4 cup water, 1 tablespoon of the oil, 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar, thyme, garlic and 1/4 teaspoon salt together in a 2-quart baking dish. Add the beets and stir to coat in the liquid. Cover the baking dish with aluminum foil and bake in the upper rack of the oven until the beets are fork-tender, about 1 hour, stirring the beets once halfway through the cooking time. Meanwhile, spread the walnuts on a baking sheet and toast on the lower rack of the oven until slightly darkened in color and fragrant, 12 to 15 mi <END>
INPUT: cottage, lemon curd, water, lemon, raspberries
OUTPUT: TITLE: Quick Lemon Cottage Cake | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup lemon curd, found on jellies and jams aisle; 3 tablespoons water; 1 lemon, zested; 4 (1-inch) slices pound cake; 1 pint fresh raspberries; Mint sprigs for garnish, optional | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat lemon curd, water and lemon zest in a small saucepan over medium low heat. When curd bubbles and becomes a smooth, glossy sauce, remove from heat. Arrange a slices of pound cake on 4 dessert plates. Pour warm lemon sauce down over each slice of cake to glaze. Top lemon cottage cake with fresh raspberries and mint sprigs and serve. <END>
INPUT: American, steaks, flatbreads, lemon, thyme, Fresno chiles, garlic, wine
OUTPUT: TITLE: Red Wine–Marinated Hanger Steaks with Flatbreads | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 lemon, thinly sliced; 3 sprigs thyme; 2 Fresno chiles, halved; 6 garlic cloves, smashed; 3/4 cup dry red wine; 1/4 cup olive oil; 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 1 1/2 pounds hanger steak, center membrane removed, cut into 4 pieces; Vegetable oil (for grill); 1 shallot, finely chopped; 3 garlic cloves, chopped; 1 Fresno chile, chopped; 6 tablespoons unsalted butter; Kosher salt, freshly ground pepper; 1 pound prepared pizza dough, room temperature, cut into 4 pieces | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine lemon, thyme, chiles, garlic, wine, oil, and pepper in a large resealable plastic bag. Add steak, close bag, and turn to coat. Chill at least 4 hours. Combine lemon, thyme, chiles, garlic, wine, oil, and pepper in a large resealable plastic bag. Add steak, close bag, and turn to coat. Chill at least 4 hours. Do Ahead Steak can be marinated 2 days ahead. Keep chilled. Steak can be marinated 2 days ahead. Keep chilled. Assembly: Prepare campfire for medium-high heat. Bank coals on one side to create a two-zone fire; oil grate. (If cooking at home with a gas grill, leave one or two burner <END>
INPUT: compote, blood oranges, water, sugar, lemon juice, vanilla bean
OUTPUT: TITLE: Blood Orange Compote with Vanilla Ice Cream | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 1/2 pounds blood oranges; 1 cup water; 3/4 cup sugar; 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice; 1/2 vanilla bean, split lengthwise; 1 tablespoon brandy; 1 quart vanilla ice cream | INSTRUCTIONS: Cut peel and white pith from blood oranges. Working over bowl to catch juices, cut between membranes to re-lease orange segments into bowl. Combine 1 cup water, 3/4 cup sugar and 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice in medium saucepan. Scrape in seeds from vanilla bean; add vanilla bean. Bring to boil. Reduce heat; simmer until liquid is syrupy, about 8 minutes. Stir in brandy and orange segments and any accumulated juices. Refrigerate until cold. Discard vanilla bean. Scoop vanilla ice cream into bowls. Spoon blood orange compote over and serve. Cut peel and white pith from blood oranges. Working o <END>
INPUT: cracked, pork tenderloin, peanut oil, soy sauce, cornstarch, low salt chicken
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pork with Poblano Chili, Grapes and Cracked Pepper | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound pork tenderloin, cut into 1/4-inch-thick slices; 2 tablespoons plus 1/3 cup peanut oil; 3 tablespoons soy sauce; 4 teaspoons cornstarch; 1/4 cup canned low-salt chicken broth; 1 tablespoon oyster sauce*; 6 green onions (white parts only), cut into 1-inch pieces; 1 large poblano chili,** seeded, cut into matchstick-size strips; 1 red bell pepper, cut into matchstick-size strips; 2 garlic cloves, minced; 1/2 cup red seedless grapes, halved; 1 teaspoon coarsely ground black peppercorns | INSTRUCTIONS: Mix pork, 2 tablespoons oil, soy sauce and 3 teaspoons cornstarch in medium bowl. Cover and refrigerate 1 to 3 hours. Mix 1 teaspoon cornstarch, broth and oyster sauce in small bowl. Heat 1/3 cup oil in large skillet over high heat until very hot. Add half of pork; stir-fry 3 minutes. Transfer pork to strainer. Repeat stir-frying with remaining pork. Pour off all but 2 tablespoons oil from skillet. Add onions, poblano, bell pepper and garlic to skillet; stir-fry 2 minutes. Add pork, grapes, ground pepper and oyster sauce mixture. Stir until pork is coated with sauce. Serve immediately. *Oyster <END>
INPUT: Italian, filled, croquettes, leftover risotto, Parmesan, heavy cream, flat leaf parsley, egg yolk
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cheese-Filled Risotto Croquettes with Tomato Sauce | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 3 cups leftover cooked risotto; 1/2 cup grated Parmesan; 2 Tbsp heavy cream; 2 Tbsp minced fresh flat-leaf parsley, chives, oregano, or basil; 1 large egg yolk; Salt and freshly ground pepper; 5 oz mozzarella or Fontina cheese; All-purpose flour for dredging; Egg wash: 1 large egg whisked with 2 Tbsp cold milk or water; 1 cup fresh white bread crumbs; Vegetable oil for deep-frying; 2 cups tomato sauce | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large bowl, combine the risotto with the Parmesan, cream, herbs, and egg yolk. Season with salt and pepper. Cut the cheese into 16 cubes. Scoop up about 3 Tbsp of the risotto mixture and pack it around a cube of cheese to make a croquette, a ball the size of a Ping-Pong ball. Repeat to form 16 croquettes. Put the flour, egg wash, and bread crumbs in 3 separate bowls. Dredge the croquettes in the flour, dip in the egg wash, and roll in the bread crumbs. Chill thoroughly, 2-24 hours. Pour oil into a tall pot to a depth of 5 inches. Heat the oil over medium-high heat until it registers 375°F <END>
INPUT: vinaigrette, unfiltered apple cider, shallots, cider vinegar, grainy mustard, olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cider Vinaigrette | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup unfiltered apple cider; 3 tablespoons finely chopped shallots; 2 tablespoons cider vinegar; 2 teaspoons grainy mustard; 1/3 cup olive oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Boil cider in a small heavy saucepan until reduced to about 1/3 cup, 12 to 15 minutes. Whisk together reduced cider, shallots, vinegar, and mustard with 1/4 teaspoon each of salt and pepper. Add oil in a slow stream, whisking until combined. Boil cider in a small heavy saucepan until reduced to about 1/3 cup, 12 to 15 minutes. Whisk together reduced cider, shallots, vinegar, and mustard with 1/4 teaspoon each of salt and pepper. Add oil in a slow stream, whisking until combined. <END>
INPUT: Indian, octopus, coarse sea salt, peppercorns, peanut vegetable oil, Kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tandoori Octopus | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 1 2-pound whole octopus, cleaned, or 1-pound precooked octopus tentacles; 2 tablespoons coarse sea salt or kosher salt; 1 tablespoon white peppercorns; 2 tablespoons peanut or vegetable oil; Kosher salt; 3 teaspoons tandoori powder or seasoning | INSTRUCTIONS: Rub octopus with sea salt to season it, then rinse well to remove excess. Place octopus and peppercorns in a large pot and fill pot with cold water; bring to a boil. Cook, uncovered, until octopus can be easily pierced with the tip of a knife, 45–55 minutes. Invert a large bowl inside an even larger one, creating a dome. Drain octopus and place on inverted bowl so tentacles hang down. Chill at least 2 hours. Cut tentacles from octopus; discard head. Thinly slice tentacles crosswise into 1/2"-thick pieces. Heat 1 tablespoon oil in a large skillet over high heat. Add half of octopus; season with <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, sicilian, couscous, olive oil, Salt pepper, onion, saffron
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sicilian Couscous with Shrimp | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups couscous (quick cook couscous may be substituted, stock may need to then be reduced); 1/4 cup and 2 tablespoons olive oil; Salt and ground black pepper; 1 small onion, diced, about 1/2 cup; 1/4 teaspoon saffron; 1 tablespoon tomato paste; 1/4 teaspoon red pepper flakes, more if desired; 2 1/2 cups hot fish stock enriched with shrimp shells (see recipe below); 1/2 pound fresh small shrimp, peeled and deveined; 1/2 pound calamari, cleaned and cut into rings; 1/4 cup shelled almonds, ground in processor very fine | INSTRUCTIONS: In a bowl mix the uncooked couscous with 1/4 cup olive oil and 1 teaspoon each of salt and pepper. Rub the couscous between your fingers to fully incorporate these ingredients. In a enamel casserole or couscousiere heat 2 tablespoons of oil over low heat. Add the onions and begin to cook them to a translucent stage. Without browning the onion, add the saffron, tomato paste, salt, pepper and red pepper flakes. Stir these ingredients quickly and combine well, but take care to avoid burning the tomato paste by working quickly at this stage. Pour in the hot enriched stock and bring to a boil, then <END>
INPUT: broth, clams, clam juice fish, thyme, heavy cream, Salt taste
OUTPUT: TITLE: Clams in Cream and Thyme Broth | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 60 clams, in the shell; 1 cup clam juice or fish stock, recipe follows; 2 bunches fresh thyme, leaves only, roughly chopped 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 2 cups heavy cream; Salt to taste | INSTRUCTIONS: Wash clams in cold running water and scrub with a brush to remove surface sand. Place clams in a large saucepan with clam juice, thyme, pepper, and cream. Cover and cook over high heat, shaking occasionally, until shells open, 4 to 6 minutes. Remove from heat. Season with salt to taste. <END>
INPUT: kebabs, Aleppo pepper pepper, plain milk Greek, virgin olive oil, wine vinegar, tomato paste
OUTPUT: TITLE: Yogurt-Marinated Chicken Kebabs with Aleppo Pepper | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 tablespoons Aleppo pepper* or 2 teaspoons dried crushed red pepper plus 2 teaspoons Hungarian sweet paprika, plus additional Aleppo pepper or pa; 1 cup plain whole-milk Greek-style yogurt** (8 ounces); 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar; 2 tablespoons tomato paste; 2 teaspoons coarse kosher salt; 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 6 garlic cloves, peeled, flattened; 2 unpeeled lemons; 1 thinly sliced into rounds, 1 cut into wedges for serving; 2 1/4 pounds skinless boneless chicken (thighs and/or breast halves), cut into 1 1/4-inch cubes; Special equipment: Flat metal skewers | INSTRUCTIONS: If using Aleppo pepper, place in large bowl and mix in 1 tablespoon warm water. Let stand until thick paste forms, about 5 minutes. If using dried crushed red pepper and paprika combination, place in large bowl and stir in 2 tablespoons warm water and let stand until paste forms, about 5 minutes. Add yogurt, olive oil, red wine vinegar, tomato paste, 2 teaspoons coarse salt, and 1 teaspoon black pepper to spice mixture in bowl; whisk to blend. Stir in garlic and lemon slices, then chicken. Cover and chill at least 1 hour. Do ahead Can be made 1 day ahead. Keep chilled. Prepare barbecue (medium <END>
INPUT: spritzer, wine, soda, lime wheels
OUTPUT: TITLE: White Wine Spritzer | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 bottle white wine, such as Sancerre or Sauvignon Blanc; 6 ounces club soda; 6 lime wheels | INSTRUCTIONS: Divide the white wine among 6 large wine glasses filled with ice (about two-thirds of the way up the ice). Top with the club soda and garnish with a lime wheel. <END>
INPUT: Indian, bengali, vegetable oil, asafoetida, bay leaf, panch phoran, mild chiles
OUTPUT: TITLE: Bengali Butternut Squash | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons vegetable oil; Large pinch ground asafoetida*; 1 bay leaf; 1/2 teaspoon panch phoran*; 1 to 2 mild dried red chiles; 1 small onion, chopped; 1/2 teaspoon ground turmeric; 2 teaspoons ground cumin; 1 heaped teaspoon ground coriander; Kosher salt; Sugar; 2 teaspoon ginger paste** (make your own by crushing or blending fresh ginger to a rough paste, adding water, if necessary, to loosen); 1 pound 2 ounces butternut squash, peeled, seeds removed, flesh cut into 1 1/2-inch cubes; 1 cup boiling water; 8 ounces canned chickpeas, drained and rinsed | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat the oil in a large non-stick pan over a medium heat. Add the asafoetida, bay leaf, panch phoran, and chiles, and fry for 1 to 2 minutes, stirring well to combine. Add the onion, stir to coat in the spices, and fry for 2 to 3 minutes, or until softened and golden brown. Add the ground turmeric, cumin and coriander, the salt, sugar, and ginger paste, and stir well. Add a splash of water, stir, and cook for another 1 to 2 minutes. Add the butternut squash pieces and the boiling water. Bring the mixture to a boil, then reduce the heat to a simmer, cover the pan with a lid , and simmer for 10  <END>
INPUT: butter, all purpose flour, garlic, rosemary, shallots
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chipped Beef on Toast | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 tablespoons butter; 2 tablespoons all-purpose flour; 2 tablespoons minced garlic; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh rosemary; 3 shallots, minced; 12 cups heavy cream; 1 teaspoon salt; 1 tablespoon black pepper; Chipped beef, for serving; Sourdough toast, for serving; Chopped fresh parsley, for garnish; Paprika, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. In a small pan, melt 2 tablespoons of the butter and add the flour. Cook, stirring, until the mixture begins to turn a light brown color, about 4 minutes. Remove from the heat. In a large saucepan, melt the remaining 2 tablespoons butter. Cook the garlic, rosemary and shallots until the shallots are translucent. Add the cream and bring to a boil. Add the butter-flour mixture, reduce the heat and simmer for 10 to 15 minutes, stirring occasionally. Add the salt and pepper and strain. For each serving, heat 1 cup of sauce to a simmer, add 2 ounces chipped beef and b <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, orzo, Salt, butter, feta cheese crumbles, handful parsley leaves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Orzo with Feta and Tomatoes | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 pound orzo; Salt; 2 tablespoons butter; 1 cup feta cheese crumbles; A handful of parsley leaves, chopped; 1/2 pint grape tomatoes, halved; Freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat water in large sauce pot to boil and add pasta, cook to al dente. Melt butter in the pot while still hot and combine with feta. Add cooked pasta to feta butter and toss with parsley and tomatoes, season with a little pepper. <END>
INPUT: American, recipes pate brisee, sugar, all purpose flour, cinnamon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Traditional Apple Pie | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 recipes pate brisee; 3 pounds (about 8) Northern Spies and McIntosh Apples; 3/4 cup plus 1 tablespoon sugar; 2 tablespoons all-purpose flour; 1 teaspoon cinnamon; 1/4 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice; 2 tablespoons cold unsalted butter, cut into bits; Milk for brushing the crust | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F. Roll out half the dough 1/8-inch thick on a lightly floured surface, fit it into a 9-inch (1-quart) glass pie plate, and trim the edge, leaving a 3/4-inch overhang. Chill the shell and the remaining dough while making the filling. In a large bowl toss together the apples, each peeled, cored, and cut into eighths, 3/4 cup of the sugar, flour, cinnamon, nutmeg, salt, and lemon juice until the mixture is combined well. Transfer the filling to the shell, and dot it with the butter. Roll out the remaining dough into a 13- to14-inch round on a lightly floured surfa <END>
INPUT: tall, handsome, all purpose flour, baking powder, baking soda, kosher salt, hazelnut liquor
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tall, Dark, and Handsome Chocolate Hazelnut Cupcakes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cups all-purpose flour; 1 teaspoon baking powder; 2 teaspoons baking soda; 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt; 1 cup hazelnut liquor (recommended: Frangelico); 1 cup cocoa powder (recommended: Valrhona); 1 cup butter, room temperature; 1 cup dark brown sugar; 1 cup granulated sugar; 3 eggs; 1 cup buttermilk; 1 tablespoon vanilla extract; 1 1/2 cups whole hazelnuts; 1/3 cup hazelnut spread (recommended: Nutella); 3 to 4 tablespoons hazelnut liquor (recommended: Frangelico) | INSTRUCTIONS: For the cupcakes: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line 2 muffin pans with 24 cupcake liners. Sift together the flour, baking powder, baking soda, and salt in a medium bowl. Whisk the hazelnut liquor and cocoa powder together until combined. In the bowl of a stand mixer with a paddle attachment, cream the butter and sugars together on medium-high speed until light and fluffy, 2 to 3 minutes. Add the eggs, 1 at a time, until each has been incorporated. Add the buttermilk and vanilla extract and mix until fully combined. Turn the mixer to low, and add the flour and cocoa mixture, alternating b <END>
INPUT: boats, bananas, chocolate hazelnut spread, marshmallows, hazelnuts
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Banana Boats | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 bananas, unpeeled; 3/4 cup chocolate hazelnut spread; 1 1/2 cups small marshmallows; 6 tablespoons toasted hazelnuts, chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Using a small paring knife carefully slice the banana peel from top to bottom. Open up the peel like a pocket. Spread the banana with the chocolate hazelnut spread, equally divided between the 6 bananas, top each with the marshmallows and sprinkle with chopped nuts. Gently fold the banana peel back in place, wrap the bananas in aluminum foil and cook over the coals for about 10 minutes. <END>
INPUT: calamari, scleaned squid, bacon, scallions, hot pepper flakes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spicy Calamari with Bacon and Scallions | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 pound scleaned medium squid; 1/4 pound bacon (about 5 slices), cut crosswise into 1-inch pieces; 1 cup chopped scallions; 1/2 teaspoon dried hot red-pepper flakes | INSTRUCTIONS: Rinse squid under cold water, then pat dry between paper towels. Halve large tentacles lengthwise and cut bodies (including flaps, if attached) crosswise into 1/2-inch-wide rings. Cook bacon in a 12-inch heavy skillet over medium heat, stirring occasionally, until golden and crisp, then transfer with a slotted spoon to paper towels to drain. Toss squid with 1/4 teaspoon salt. Heat fat remaining in skillet over high heat until very hot, then sauté squid with scallions and red-pepper flakes until just cooked through, about 3 minutes. Serve squid immediately, sprinkled with bacon. Rinse squid und <END>
INPUT: wine, sugar, two boxes prunes, Armagnac
OUTPUT: TITLE: Prunes in Wine and Armagnac | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups dry red wine; 3/4 cup sugar; two 12-ounce boxes pitted prunes; 1 cup Armagnac | INSTRUCTIONS: In a stainless-steel saucepan combine the wine and the sugar, bring the mixture to a boil, stirring until the sugar is dissolved, and boil it for 1 minute. Add the prunes and the Armagnac and simmer the mixture, covered, for 15 minutes. Let the mixture cool, covered, for 15 minutes and spoon it into a 1 1/2-quart ceramic or glass container. Let the mixture cool completely, covered. The prunes keep, covered and chilled, for 3 months. In a stainless-steel saucepan combine the wine and the sugar, bring the mixture to a boil, stirring until the sugar is dissolved, and boil it for 1 minute. Add the <END>
INPUT: French, croute, egg, water, sheet puff pastry, cranberry sauce, Fisher® Cranberries
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cranberry and Toasted Almond Brie en Croute | CUISINE: French | INGREDIENTS: 1 egg; 1 tablespoon water; 1 sheet frozen puff pastry, thawed; 1/2 cup whole cranberry sauce, mashed and divided; 1/4 cup Fisher® Dried Sweetened Cranberries, divided; 1/2 cup Fisher® Chef's Naturals Slivered Almonds, toasted and divided; 1 round (8 oz.) Brie cheese (about 4 inches in diameter); Assorted crackers | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Spread almonds in one layer on ungreased shallow baking pan. Bake for 10-15 minutes, stirring occasionally, until golden. Set aside. Reheat oven to 400 degrees F. In small bowl whisk egg and water; set aside. Unfold pastry sheet on lightly floured surface into a 12-inch square. Cut off corners to make a circle. Spread cranberry sauce in center of circle the same size as Brie round. Top with 2 tablespoons each of cranberries and toasted almonds. Place Brie over mixture. Repeat layering with remaining cranberry sauce, cranberries and 2 tablespoons almonds. Brush ed <END>
INPUT: Asian, panfried, herb, eggs, lemon juice, water, Dijon mustard
OUTPUT: TITLE: Panfried Tofu with Romano-Bean and Herb Salad | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 2 (14-ounces) packages soft tofu (not silken); 6 large eggs (4 hard-boiled and 2 raw); 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 2 tablespoons water; 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard; 1/2 cup plus 2 tablespoon vegetable oil, divided; 1 medium shallot, minced (2 tablespoons); 1/3 cup chopped flat-leaf parsley; 2 tablespoons drained capers, chopped; 1 1/2 pounds Romano beans or green beans, trimmed; 5 ounces wild or baby arugula (6 packed cups); 1/3 cup tarragon leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: Cut each tofu block lengthwise into 3 equal pieces. Drain on paper towels. Peel hard-boiled eggs and halve lengthwise. Remove hard-boiled yolks and place in a food processor. Thinly slice whites crosswise and reserve. Add lemon juice, water, mustard, and 1/4 teaspoon each of salt and pepper to yolks in food processor. With motor running, add 1/2 cup oil in a slow stream, processing until emulsified and smooth and scraping down sides as needed. Transfer to a bowl and stir in shallot, parsley, and capers. Reserve 1/4 cup dressing for serving. Cook beans, uncovered, in well-salted boiling water u <END>
INPUT: kebabs, cherry tomatoes, Good olive oil, Kosher salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Tomato Kebabs | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pint cherry tomatoes; Good olive oil; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat a charcoal grill with coals. Spread them out in one dense layer and brush the grill with oil. Place the cherry tomatoes on skewers, threading them through the stem of the tomato. Brush the tomatoes with olive oil and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Place the tomato skewers on the grill, turning once, until seared on the outside but still firm inside, about 5 minutes. <END>
INPUT: Asian, marmalade, pears, sugar, lemons, preserved ginger
OUTPUT: TITLE: Ginger-Pear Marmalade | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 4 1/2 pounds cooking pears, peeled, cored and coarsely diced; 6 cups sugar; 2 large lemons; preserved ginger | INSTRUCTIONS: Place pears and sugar in a large pot. Quarter and seed the lemons and grind in a meat grinder, using the coarsest blade. Add to the pot. Grind enough drained preserved ginger to measure 1 cup and add to the pears. Bring to a boil over medium heat, stirring constantly, until the sugar is dissolved. Turn heat low and simmer for 1 hour, until a thermometer registers 220° or until the juice is somewhat syrupy and amber-colored and the fruit is transparent. (Do not overcook and allow the syrup to get too thick; it will thicken considerably as it cools.) Pour into hot, sterilized jelly glasses and c <END>
INPUT: country, vegetables, honey mustard chicken, spicy mustard, canola oil, Salt pepper, baby carrots
OUTPUT: TITLE: Maple Glazed Chicken with Roasted Country Vegetables | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons honey mustard chicken glaze seasoning (recommended: McCormick); 1 tablespoon spicy brown mustard; 2 tablespoons canola oil; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 pound baby carrots; 1 pound Brussels sprouts, halved; 1 pound red baby potatoes, halved; 1 (3 1/2 to 4 1/2-pound) chicken, rinsed and patted dry; 1 tablespoon chicken seasoning (recommended: McCormick Perfect Pinch); 1/4 cup maple syrup; 1/4 cup orange juice; 1 tablespoon spicy brown mustard; 3 tablespoons butter; Salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. For the vegetables: In a small bowl, whisk together the seasoning, mustard, oil and salt and pepper, to taste. Toss with the vegetables and spread in a layer on the bottom of a roasting pan. For the chicken: Season the chicken with the chicken seasoning. Place the chicken on the vegetables in the roasting pan. Roast until golden and an instant-read thermometer registers 150 degrees F when inserted in the thickest part of the thigh, 50 minutes to 1 hour. For the glaze: While the chicken is roasting, whisk together all the ingredients for the glaze in a pot ove <END>
INPUT: noel, un iced
OUTPUT: TITLE: Noel Cake | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 (18.25-ounce) box spice cake mix (recommended: Betty Crocker); 2 (19.5-ounce) boxes chocolate cake mix (recommended: Betty Crocker); Store-bought un-iced cakes: 2 (10-inch) chocolate cakes, 2 (8-inch) spices cakes, 2 (6-inch) chocolate cakes, and 1 jumbo chocolate cupcake (top cut o; 4 (16-ounce) containers creamy white frosting (recommended: Betty Crocker); 1 (1-fluid ounce) bottle green food color (recommended: McCormick); 1 cup white chocolate chips; 4 drops green food coloring; 1 sugar cone; 1 (6.4-ounce) can white decorating icing (recommended: Betty Crocker-Easy Flow); 1 package red licorice whips, 6 cut into 6-inch lengths, 6 cut into 8-inch lengths, and 6 cut into 10-inch lengths; 1 (6.4-ounce) can yellow decorating icing (recommended: Betty Crocker-Easy Flow); 1 (6.4-ounce) can red decorating icing (recommended: Betty Crocker-Easy Flow); 16 birthday candles | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: 16 birthday candles Cake: Mix and bake 2 (8-inch) cake layers according to spice cake package directions. Cool completely. Mix the 2 boxes of chocolate cake together according to package instructions. Bake 2 (6-inch) and 2 (10-inch) cake layers and 1 (7-ounce) ramekin. Cool completely.; Cone Tree: In a medium bowl combine white chocolate and 4 drops of green food coloring. Place bowl in microwave and heat at 50 percent power in 20-second intervals until white chocolate is melted and smooth. Dip the sugar cone into the chocolate and spin it around so that it is evenly coated. <END>
INPUT: Asian, potstickers, rice vinegar, soy sauce, chili garlic sauce, bean garlic sauce, sesame oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lobster Potstickers | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1/3 cup rice vinegar; 2 tablespoons soy sauce; 1 tablespoon chili garlic sauce; 2 teaspoons black bean garlic sauce; 1 teaspoon sesame oil; 1 pound lobster meat, coarsely chopped; 1/4 cup finely chopped bamboo shoots; 1 large egg white; 1 tablespoon shredded basil; 1 tablespoon cornstarch; 1 tablespoon Chinese rice wine or dry sherry; 2 teaspoons finely minced ginger; 2 teaspoons sesame oil; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 1/4 teaspoon ground white pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine the dipping sauce ingredients in a small bowl; set aside. Combine filling ingredients in a medium bowl; mix well. To shape each potsticker, place 1 teaspoon of filling in center of a potsticker wrapper. Brush edges of wrapper with water; fold wrapper in half, crimping 1 side, to form a semicircle. Pinch edges together to seal. Cover potstickers with a dry towel to prevent drying. Place a wide frying pan over medium heat until hot. Add 1 to 1/2 tablespoons cooking oil, swirling to coat sides. Add potstickers, half at a time, seam side up. Cook until bottoms are golden brown, 3 to 4 minu <END>
INPUT: Italian, morels, ramps, airline chicken breasts, Kosher salt pepper, blended oil, rosemary, thyme
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pan-Roasted Breast with Morels, Ramps and Frothed Parmesan | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 2 airline cut chicken breasts, skin on; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 tablespoons blended oil; 2 sprigs fresh rosemary; 2 sprigs fresh thyme; 1/4 cup unsalted butter; 2 cups homemade Chicken Stock, recipe follows, or water, plus more as needed; 2 rinds Parmigiano-Reggiano cheese; Sprig fresh rosemary; Bay leaf; 1 tablespoon slivered garlic; 1 tablespoon slivered shallots; Kosher salt; Juice of 1 lemon; 2 egg yolks | INSTRUCTIONS: For the pan-roasted chicken: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Place a medium saute pan over medium-high heat. Season 2 airline chicken breasts (skin on) on both sides with salt and freshly ground black pepper. Pat dry the chicken with paper towels. Add the blended oil to the pan and heat. Once heated, add the chicken skin-side down into the hot pan and sear until golden brown, about 3 to 5 minutes. Flip and add a couple sprigs fresh rosemary, thyme, and unsalted butter. Allow the butter to melt and baste the chicken with the melted butter. Place the pan into the preheated oven for 3 to 5 min <END>
INPUT: Indian, spinach, curry, eggplant, coarse salt sprinkling, mustard seeds, clarified butter, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Eggplant Spinach Curry | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 1 large eggplant, diced, with skin; 2 teaspoons coarse salt for sprinkling; 2 tablespoons black mustard seeds; 6 tablespoons clarified butter; 1 large onion, diced; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 2 tablespoons pureed garlic; 2 tablespoons freshly grated ginger; 1 teaspoon ground cumin; 1/2 teaspoon ground coriander; 1/2 teaspoon ground cardamom; 1/2 teaspoon garam masala; 1/4 teaspoon turmeric; 1/4 teaspoon ground cloves; 1/4 teaspoon cayenne | INSTRUCTIONS: Place eggplant in a colander, sprinkle with coarse salt, and let stand for 30 minutes to sweat. Pat dry with paper towels. Place mustard seeds in a small, dry saute pan and cook over moderate heat until they turn gray and start popping. Remove from heat and reserve. Heat 1/4 cup clarified butter in a large skillet over moderate heat. Saute eggplant, stirring occasionally, until soft and golden. Remove from heat and reserve in a bowl with mustard seeds. Heat remaining butter in a medium saucepan over medium high heat. Add onions and salt. Saute until onions are golden and soft. Add garlic and g <END>
INPUT: Italian, sauce, parsley leaves, olive oil, cauliflower, gigli del gargano, pimiento stuffed olives
OUTPUT: TITLE: Ruffle-Edged Pasta with Cauliflower and Parsley Sauce | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 2 1/2 cups packed fresh parsley leaves (preferably flat-leafed); 2/3 cup olive oil; 1 large head of cauliflower (about 2 1/2 pounds), cut into 1-inch flowerets and the stems sliced thin; 1 pound gigli del gargano (ruffled-edged, cone-shaped pasta, available at some Italian markets) or rotelle (corkscrew-shaped pasta); 1 cup pimiento-stuffed olives, chopped fine | INSTRUCTIONS: In a blender purée the parsley with the oil. In a large steamer set over boiling water steam the cauliflower, covered, for 5 minutes, or until it is just tender. While the cauliflower is steaming, in a kettle of boiling salted water boil the pasta until it is al dente and drain it well. In a large bowl toss the pasta with the parsley sauce, the cauliflower, the olives, and salt and pepper to taste. In a blender purée the parsley with the oil. In a large steamer set over boiling water steam the cauliflower, covered, for 5 minutes, or until it is just tender. While the cauliflower is steaming, i <END>
INPUT: onions, onion, wine vinegar, honey, olive oil, cilantro
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pickled "Red" Onions | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 large onion, finely sliced; 1/4 cup red wine vinegar; 1 tablespoon honey; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1 tablespoon finely chopped cilantro; Salt and pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Place all ingredients in a small bowl and season with salt and pepper to taste. Let sit at room temperature for 1 hour. <END>
INPUT: Italian, lemongrass, skewered, Swordfish, lemon grass, garlic, soy canola oil, Thai asil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lemongrass Skewered Swordfish W/ Thai Basil Pesto and Sesame Long Beans | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 8 ounces Swordfish; 2 stalks lemon grass; 3 tablespoon garlic, chopped; 2 cups soy or canola oil; 2 ounces Thai asil (blanched); 1 egg yolk; 1 cup rice vinegar, plus 1 tablespoon for sauce; 4 ounces oil; 1 tablespoon grated Parmesan cheese; 1 jalapeno; 1 pound Chinese long beans; 1 tablespoon sesame seeds; 1 teaspoon sesame oil; 2 tablespoons soy sauce; Salt and pepper, to taste | INSTRUCTIONS: Cut 1 stalk of lemon grass in half and on bias. Skewer the swordfish. Fine dice the other stalk of lemongrass and mix with 1 tablespoon chopped garlic and 1/4 cup soy oil. Marinate the swordfish steak. In a blender, add the Thai basil, egg yolk, rice vinegar, jalepeno, Parmesean cheese, and one tablespoon chopped garlic. Add 4 ounces of soy oil in a slow steady stream to emulsify the sauce. Blanch long beans in boiling salted water, then saute quickly in a little bit of oil. Season with salt and white pepper, and then dress the beans with the sesame oil, sesame seeds, soy sauce, and 1 tablespo <END>
INPUT: Italian, paste, garlic, virgin olive oil, Salt pepper, each
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fresh Basil Paste | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 4 cups (packed) fresh basil leaves (about 8 ounces weighed with stems on); 4 to 5 peeled cloves garlic, coarsely chopped; About 1/3 cup extra virgin olive oil; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; For each 1/4 cup, add 2 tablespoons chopped pine nuts and or 2 to 3 tablespoons grated Parmesan | INSTRUCTIONS: Rinse the basil well and pat dry. In a food processor, puree basil with garlic until coarsely chopped. While the processor is running, slowly drizzle in the oil and process until finely pureed. Season to taste with salt and pepper. USES: Grill or broil some sword fish and each portion with a tablespoonful or so of basil puree. Spoon a tablespoonful or so into each portion of canned vegetable soup. <END>
INPUT: American, habanero peppers, maple sugar, ginger, cinnamon
OUTPUT: TITLE: HOT PUMPKIN PIE | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 minced fresh habanero peppers; 1/2 cup brown or maple sugar; 1/2 teaspoon ground ginger; 1 teaspoon cinnamon; 1 (15 ounce) can pumpkin; 2 eggs; 1 (12-ounce) can evaporated skim milk; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; 1 (9-inch) pie crust | INSTRUCTIONS: Destem and deseed the habanero peppers and mince finely. It is recommended that habaneros be handled with disposable plastic gloves. Do not touch eyes or other sensitive areas until you wash hands and utensils well. Preheat oven to 425 degrees. In a medium bowl, mix the sugar and spices well, breaking up any lumps of sugar. With a mixer or whisk, blend the pumpkin into the sugar and spice mixture. Beat eggs separately, then add to the pumpkin mixture along with the evaporated milk and vanilla. Blend well. Blend the minced habanero peppers into pumpkin mixture evenly. Pour into a 9-inch pie cru <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, charcoal, calamari, Ice, plum tomatoes, Canola oil, Kosher salt pepper, Greek virgin olive
OUTPUT: TITLE: Charcoal Grilled Shrimp and Calamari with Grilled Lemons and Smoked Tomato-Black Olive Relish | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: Ice; 8 plum tomatoes, cored, halved the short way; Canola oil, for grilling; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1/2 cup Greek extra-virgin olive oil; 1/2 cup pitted kalamata olives, coarsely chopped; 1/4 cup chopped fresh dill; 1/4 cup freshly squeezed lemon juice; 1/4 cup chopped fresh flat-leaf parsley; 1 tablespoon red wine vinegar; 1 teaspoon honey; 1/2 small red onion, cut into small dice; 12 colossal shrimp (15 or less per pound), tail on, shelled and deveined; 12 small kalamari, heads and tentacles removed, bodies butterflied and scored to prevent curling; 1/4 cup freshly squeezed lemon juice | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Special equipment: Handful hickory chips 6-inch wooden skewers, soaked in cold water at least 1 hour For the relish: Soak the hickory chips in water for at least 1 hour. Put a handful of hot coals in the bottom of a smoker. Scatter the hickory chips over the top. Put a try of ice on the bottom grate. Put the cooking grate above the ice tray. Once the temperature of the smoker reaches 100 degrees F, brush the tomatoes with canola oil, season with salt and pepper and put them on the top grate. Close the smoker and smoke the tomatoes for 10 to 20 minutes, depending  <END>
INPUT: salad, grape cherry tomatoes, cubes bell pepper, cubes roasted pepper, virgin olive oil, wine vinegar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Red Bell Pepper and Tomato Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 24 grape or cherry tomatoes, halved; 1/2 cup 1/4-inch cubes red bell pepper; 1/3 cup 1/4-inch cubes drained roasted red pepper from jar; 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1/2 teaspoon white wine vinegar; Pinch of ground cumin | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine all ingredients in medium bowl. Season salad with salt and pepper. (Can be made 3 hours ahead. Let stand at room temperature, tossing occasionally.) Combine all ingredients in medium bowl. Season salad with salt and pepper. (Can be made 3 hours ahead. Let stand at room temperature, tossing occasionally.) <END>
INPUT: slaw, apple cider, sugar, salt, pepper, julienned apples
OUTPUT: TITLE: Apple Pear Slaw | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup apple cider; 1 tablespoon brown sugar; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/4 teaspoon pepper; 1 cup julienned apples (preferably Granny Smith); 1 cup julienned pear; 1/4 cup dried cranberries; 2 cups julienned Belgium endive | INSTRUCTIONS: In a small bowl, mix together the apple cider, brown sugar, salt, and pepper. Toss the apples, pears, and dried cranberries in the apple cider mixture until well combined. Evenly divide the endive among 4 plates. Divide the apple mixture into 4 equal portions and top each plate of endive. <END>
INPUT: Italian, risotto, low sodium chicken, golden beets, unsalted butter, olive oil, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Beet Risotto | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 4 cups low-sodium chicken or vegetable broth; 3 medium red or golden beets (about 1 pound); 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1 medium onion, finely chopped; 3 1/2 teaspoons kosher salt, divided; 1 1/4 teaspoons freshly ground black pepper, divided; 1 1/2 cups arborio or carnaroli rice; 4 teaspoons white wine or Champagne vinegar, divided, plus more; 3 tablespoons heavy cream; 4 tablespoons coarsely chopped parsley, divided; 2 ounces fresh goat cheese, crumbled (optional) | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring broth and 5 cups water to a boil in a large pot over high heat. Reduce heat to low and gently simmer. Meanwhile, peel beets, then coarsely shred using a food processor fitted with the shredder attachment or the large holes of a box grater. Heat a large wide pot or sauté pan over medium-high. Cook butter and oil, stirring occasionally, until butter melts. Add onion and sauté until softened and translucent, about 5 minutes. Add beets, 1 tsp. salt, and 1/2 tsp. pepper and sauté until tender, about 10 minutes more. Add rice and cook, stirring constantly, about 2 minutes, then add 1 1/2 cups  <END>
INPUT: mushrooms, reduced fat margarine, onion, garlic powder
OUTPUT: TITLE: Savory Herb-Stuffed Mushrooms | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 24 medium mushrooms, about 1 pound; 6 tablespoons reduced-fat stick margarine; 1 small onion, chopped; 1/4 teaspoon garlic powder, or 2 cloves garlic, minced; 1 (3-ounce) package low-fat cream cheese, softened; 3 tablespoons grated Parmesan; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley leaves, or 2 teaspoons dried parsley flakes; 1 cup packaged herb-seasoned stuffing croutons | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 425 degrees F. Remove stems from mushrooms. Chop enough stems to make 1 cup. Melt 2 tablespoons margarine in saucepan. Brush mushroom cap tops with margarine, place top side down in shallow baking pan and brush undersides of caps. Heat remaining margarine in same saucepan. Add chopped mushroom stems, onion and garlic and cook until tender. Stir in cream cheese, combining with fork if necessary. Add Parmesan cheese, parsley and herb seasoned stuffing. Mix thoroughly. Spoon about 1 tablespoon stuffing mixture into each mushroom cap. Bake until heated through. <END>
INPUT: gumbo, vegetable oil, cross sections beef, beef short, onions, bell peppers
OUTPUT: TITLE: Beef Filé Gumbo | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoon vegetable oil; 6 pounds cross-cut sections beef shanks; 2 1/2 pounds beef short ribs (sometimes called flanken), cut into 1-rib pieces if necessary; 2 large onions, chopped; 3 large red bell peppers, chopped; 12 cups water; 4 cups beef broth; 6 garlic cloves, minces; cayenne to taste; 3 tablespoons filé powder; Accompaniment: Cajun-style White Rice | INSTRUCTIONS: In a heavy skillet (preferably cast-iron) heat oil over moderately high heat until hot but not smoking. Pat shanks and short ribs dry and season with salt and pepper. Brown shanks and short ribs in oill in batches, without crowding, transferring to a 9 1/2-to-10 quart heavy kettle. In fat remaining in skillet cook onions and bell peppers over moderate heat, stirring occasionally, until vegetables are softened. To beef in kettle add water, beef broth, and onion mixture and bring to a boil, stirring occasionally. Simmer mixture, uncovered, until shanks are very tender, about 2 1/2 hours, and sti <END>
INPUT: salad, onions, distilled vinegar, sugar, Kosher salt, onion, arugula
OUTPUT: TITLE: Arugula Salad with Pickled Red Onions and Champagne Vinaigrette | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup distilled white vinegar; 2 tablespoons sugar; Kosher salt; 1 medium red onion, thinly sliced; 5 ounces arugula; 1 cup cherry tomatoes, halved; 1/2 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 3 tablespoons Champagne vinegar; 1 teaspoon honey; 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: a mason jar For the salad: Combine the white vinegar, sugar, and 1 teaspoon salt in a small saucepan with 1/2 cup water. Bring to a simmer over medium-high heat and then add the onions. Return the liquid to a simmer, then take off the heat and let stand 15 minutes; drain. Put the arugula in a large salad bowl and add a few of the pickled onions and all of the cherry tomatoes; toss to combine. (Reserve the remaining pickled onions for another use.) For the vinaigrette: Combine the olive oil, Champagne vinegar, honey, mustard, 1/2 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of pepper in a  <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, mykonos, onions, garlic, olive oil, mediumlarge eggplant, bell pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Eggplant Mykonos | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 2 medium onions, chopped (about 2 cups); 2 garlic cloves, minced or pressed; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1 mediumlarge eggplant (6 cups cubed); 1 large red or green bell pepper; 3 cups undrained canned tomatoes (28ounce can); 1/2 cup unsweetened apple juice or water; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1 teaspoon ground fennel; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh dill (2 teaspoons dried); 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 3 cups chopped rinsed fresh spinach, packed (about 1/2 pound); Salt and ground black pepper to taste; 1 cup grated feta cheese (optional) | INSTRUCTIONS: In a nonreactive stewpot, saute the onions and garlic in the olive oil until translucent. Cut the eggplant into 1inch cubes and add them to the pot. Slice the pepper into 1inchsquare pieces. Crush the tomatoes. Add the peppers, tomatoes, apple juice or water, salt, and fennel to the pot. If using dried dill, add it now. Cover the pot and simmer, stirring frequently, until the eggplant is completely tender, about 15 minutes. Stir in the fresh dill, if used, and add the lemon juice and spinach. Simmer for another minute or two until the spinach wilts but is still bright green. Add salt and peppe <END>
INPUT: syrup, sugar, lemon, star anise, cinnamon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mangoes and Raspberries in Prosecco Syrup | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 (750-ml) bottle Prosecco; 1/2 cup sugar; 1 lemon, zested and juiced; 2 star anise; 1 cinnamon stick; 2 large, ripe mangoes, peeled, seeded and cut into 1/2-inch pieces or 1 (12-ounce) bag frozen mango, thawed; 2 cups (8 ounces) raspberries; 1/2 cup heavy cream; 2 tablespoons powdered sugar; 1 lemon, zested | INSTRUCTIONS: For the syrup: In a medium saucepan, bring the Prosecco, sugar, lemon juice, lemon zest, star anise, and cinnamon stick to a boil, stirring occasionally, over medium-high heat, until the sugar has dissolved. Reduce the heat and simmer for 35 minutes until the mixture has reduced by half. Add the mangoes and raspberries to the syrup and allow the mixture to cool for 1 1/2 hours. Using a slotted spoon, remove the fruit and spoon into serving bowls. Discard the cinnamon stick and star anise. Pour the syrup into a pitcher. Refrigerate the fruit and syrup until ready to serve.; Whipped cream: For t <END>
INPUT: energized, granola, rolled oats, chia seeds, almonds, cherries, coconut flakes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Energized Granola with Chia Seeds | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cups rolled oats; 1/2 cup black chia seeds; 1/4 cup sliced almonds; 1/4 cup dried cherries; 1/4 cup coconut flakes; 1/4 cup golden raisins; 1/4 cup raisins; 1/4 cup sunflower seeds; 1/4 cup chopped walnuts; 1/4 cup maple syrup; 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; Kosher salt; Yogurt, for serving | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the oven to 300 degrees F and line a baking sheet with parchment paper. Stir together the rolled oats, chia seeds, almonds, cherries, coconut flakes, both types of raisins, the sunflower seeds, walnuts, maple syrup, cinnamon and vanilla in a large bowl. Pour onto the prepared baking sheet and season with salt. Bake, stirring after 15 minutes, until the nuts are golden brown, about 30 minutes total. Let cool and add to your favorite yogurt! <END>
INPUT: float, egg yolks, sugar, milk, heavy cream, vanilla bean
OUTPUT: TITLE: Guinness Float | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 large egg yolks; 1/2 cup sugar; 1 cup whole milk; 1 cup heavy cream; 1/2 vanilla bean, split lengthwise and seeds scraped out; 1 ounce Baileys Irish Cream; 1 ounce Irish whiskey; Dash of chocolate bitters; 2 ounces Guinness stout | INSTRUCTIONS: Make the ice cream: Whisk the egg yolks and sugar in a large bowl until pale. Bring the milk, heavy cream, and vanilla pod and seeds to a simmer in a small saucepan. Slowly whisk the hot liquid into the egg mixture; strain through a fine-mesh sieve into a clean bowl, then set the bowl in a larger bowl of ice water. Add the Irish cream and whiskey and stir until cool. Transfer to the refrigerator and chill at least 3 hours. Freeze in an ice cream maker according to the manufacturer's directions. For each float, put a scoop of the ice cream in a glass. Add the chocolate bitters and top with the  <END>
INPUT: onions, butter, olive oil, Vidalia onion, Brussels sprouts, Kosher salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Brussels Sprouts with Vidalia Onions | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons butter; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1/2 medium Vidalia onion, chopped; 1 pound Brussels sprouts, ends trimmed and sliced in half; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 scallions, tops only; 1/4 cup chicken broth; 1 teaspoon lemon zest; 1/4 cup dried breadcrumbs; Juice of 1/2 a lemon | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat 2 tablespoons of the butter and the oil in a large nonstick skillet over medium-high heat. Once the butter is foamy and melted, add the onions and the Brussels sprouts, and stir frequently until nice and caramelized, about 10 minutes. Season the Brussels sprouts with salt and pepper. Add the scallions and chicken broth and steam the vegetables until the liquid is evaporated and the vegetables are tender crisp, about minute or so. Add the lemon zest into the Brussels sprouts to finish. Meanwhile, heat the remaining tablespoon butter in a small skillet over medium-high heat. Once melted and <END>
INPUT: foster, unsalted butter, light sugar, pumpkin pie spice, spiced rum, blueberries
OUTPUT: TITLE: Blueberries Foster | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1/3 cup light brown sugar; 1/4 teaspoon pumpkin pie spice; 1/4 cup spiced rum; One 12-ounce bag frozen blueberries, thawed; 4 scoops vanilla ice cream, for serving | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. In a medium skillet over medium heat, melt the butter. Add the brown sugar and pumpkin pie spice. When the sugar has dissolved, add the spiced rum and cook for another minute (if cooking on a gas range, turn the flame off before adding the rum). Gently stir in the blueberries. Cook until the berries are heated through but still retain their shape, 3 to 4 minutes. To serve, scoop the ice cream into bowls and top with the warm blueberry mixture. <END>
INPUT: Italian, wild, risotto, porcini, mushroom stock, butter, shallots, aborio rice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Dried Wild Mushroom Risotto | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1-ounce dried porcini; 5 1/2 cups mushroom stock, recipe follows, or vegetable stock; 1 tablespoon butter, plus 2 tablespoons; 2 tablespoons shallots, finely diced; 1 1/2 cups aborio rice; 1/2 cup dry red wine; 3 tablespoons chopped parsley; 1/2 cup freshly grated Parmesan; Salt and freshly ground pepper, to taste; 1/2 to 1-ounce dried porcini, about 1/2 to 1 cup; 1 1/2 tablespoons olive oil; 1 large onion, chopped; 2 carrots, diced; 2 celery ribs, diced; 1 cup chopped leek greens and leek roots, if available | INSTRUCTIONS: Soak the dried mushrooms in 1 cup warm water for 30 minutes, then lift them out and strain the liquid. Finely chop the mushrooms. Add the soaking liquid to the mushroom stock in a large saucepan. Bring to a simmer. Heat the butter in a wide soup pot, add the diced shallots, and cook over medium heat until soft and translucent, 3 to 5 minutes. Add the rice and cook, stirring frequently, for 1 minute. Add the mushrooms and wine and simmer until the wine is absorbed, stirring a few times, then add 2 cups stock, cover and cook at a lively simmer until it's absorbed. Begin adding the stock in 1/2 c <END>
INPUT: American, chicken, crust, all purpose flour, salt, pepper, butter, eggs
OUTPUT: TITLE: Smoked Chicken Pot Pie with Sweet Potato Crust | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound all-purpose flour; 1 tablespoon salt; 1 teaspoon pepper; 2 sticks butter, cut into pieces and chilled; 2 eggs; 1 cup milk; 2 cups sweet potato puree (sweet potatoes roasted, peeled and pureed in food processor); 1 egg mixed with 1 tablespoon water, for egg wash; 4 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1 medium Spanish onion, finely diced; 3 cloves garlic, finely chopped; 4 tablespoons all-purpose flour; 4 to 5 cups whole milk, heated; 3/4 pound cremini mushrooms, quartered and sauteed until golden brown; 2 medium turnips, peeled, cut into medium dice, blanched and drained | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. In a large bowl combine flour with salt, and pepper. Cut in the butter with a fork or pastry blender until the mixture looks crumbly. In another bowl combine eggs, milk, and sweet potato puree. Add to the flour mixture and stir gently until combined. Don't overmix! Divide dough into quarters. On a lightly floured surface roll each piece into a circle about 1/8-inch thick. Cut the circles to fit the size of the serving bowls. Brush with egg wash and bake on a parchment lined baking sheet until lightly golden brown. Remove from the oven and set aside. Melt the  <END>
INPUT: peppered, crackers, old fashioned rolled, all purpose flour, salt, pepper, rosemary leaves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Peppered Rosemary Oat Crackers | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups old-fashioned rolled oats; 1/4 cup plus 2 tablespoons all-purpose flour; 2 teaspoons salt; 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 1/2 teaspoon chopped rosemary leaves; 3/4 teaspoon baking powder; 1/2 stick (1/4 cup) cold unsalted butter, cut into bits; 1/4 cup plus 2 tablespoons milk | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F. Put the oats into a food processor and pulse until finely chopped. Add flour, salt, pepper, rosemary, baking powder, and butter and pulse until mixture resembles coarse meal. Add milk and pulse until a dough forms about 15 seconds. On a lightly floured surface, roll out dough to 1/8-inch thick (about a 13-inch round) and cut out about 60 square oatcakes. Arrange oatcakes on baking sheets 1-inch apart and bake in middle of oven 12 to 15 minutes, or until lightly brown on the bottom. Transfer oatcakes to a rack and cool completely. <END>
INPUT: dolan, buttered, sugar, hot milk, dark rum, Tbs. butter, nutmeg
OUTPUT: TITLE: Dolan's Delicious Hot Buttered Rum | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 tsp. brown sugar; 4 oz. hot milk (use hot water for a lighter texture); 2 oz. dark rum (l prefer Myers's for its richness); 1 Tbs. butter (not margarine); Ground nutmeg | INSTRUCTIONS: Prepare your drinking mug by warming it up. Make sure you're using a heat-resistant mug. Pour piping hot water into it and cover with a small plate. Once warmed, empty the hot water and add brown sugar and hot milk (or fresh, hot water if you prefer). Stir until the sugar dissolves and then add rum. Gently float the butter atop the drink and sprinkle some nutmeg over that. <END>
INPUT: Asian, miso, sugar, lemon juice, water, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Miso-Glazed Sea Bass with Asparagus | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons white miso (fermented soybean paste; not sweet or labeled "saikyo"); 1 1/2 teaspoons sugar; 1 teaspoon fresh lemon juice; 1/2 teaspoon water; 1/8 teaspoon black pepper; 1 pound medium asparagus, trimmed; 2 teaspoons olive oil; 4 (5- to 6-ounce) sea bass fillets with skin (1 inch thick); Garnish: lemon wedges | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat broiler. Lightly oil a 17- by 12-inch shallow baking pan. Whisk together miso, sugar, lemon juice, water, and pepper in a bowl. Toss together asparagus, oil, and a pinch of salt in a large bowl. Arrange fish, skin sides down, in baking pan and spread miso mixture evenly on top. Arrange asparagus in 1 layer around fish and broil 5 to 6 inches from heat until fish is just cooked through and asparagus is crisp-tender, 8 to 12 minutes. Preheat broiler. Lightly oil a 17- by 12-inch shallow baking pan. Whisk together miso, sugar, lemon juice, water, and pepper in a bowl. Toss together aspara <END>
INPUT: Asian, dressing, carrot, ginger, light sugar, rice vinegar, lemon juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Light Carrot-Ginger Dressing | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1 medium carrot, roughly chopped; 2 tablespoons chopped peeled ginger; 1 teaspoon packed light brown sugar; 2 tablespoons rice vinegar (not seasoned); 1 teaspoon fresh lemon juice; 2 teaspoons low-sodium soy sauce; 2 teaspoons sesame oil; Kosher salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Put the carrot and 1 cup water in a small saucepan. Bring to a simmer over medium-low heat and cook until tender, about 15 minutes. Reserve 1/2 cup cooking liquid, then drain the carrot. Puree the carrot and reserved cooking liquid in a blender until smooth. Add the ginger, brown sugar, vinegar, lemon juice, soy sauce, sesame oil and teaspoon salt; pulse until smooth. Photograph by Andrew McCaul <END>
INPUT: burgoo, beef shin meat, stewing hen, water, salt, bliss potatoes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Beef Burgoo | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 pounds beef shin meat, cut into 1-inch chunks; 1 stewing hen, trussed; 8 quarts cold water; 4 tablespoons salt; 16 to 20 small red bliss potatoes; 2 large onions, diced (2 cups); 5 celery ribs, diced; 6 carrots, cut 1/4-inch rounds; 2 whole leeks, well washed and diced; 1 cup plum tomatoes, crushed; 2 cup shelled fresh beans (butter beans, cranberry beans, broad beans); 1 cup sliced okra; 2 cups fresh corn kernels; 3 sweet red peppers, seeded and diced; 1 teaspoon cayenne | INSTRUCTIONS: Put the beef and hen together in a pot large enough to hold all of the ingredients. Add the water, set over medium heat and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat, and simmer for 2 1/2 hours. Remove the hen from the broth, continue cooking the beef and allow the hen to cool enough to handle. While the hen is cooling add the vegetables to the beef and broth and continue cooking. Add the spices and taste to adjust the salt and pepper. Pull the hen meat from the bones and add the meat to the beef and vegetables. Cook until the vegetables are completely cooked. Serve in bowls immediately.; <END>
INPUT: Asian, caps, portobello mushrooms, Asian Baste, Ginger Lemongrass Puree, asparagus, Coconut Rice Cakes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Ginger-Lemongrass Portobello Mushroom Caps | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 6 portobello mushrooms, stems and gills removed; Asian Baste, recipe follows; Ginger-Lemongrass Puree, recipe follows; 36 asparagus; Coconut Rice Cakes, recipe follows; 1 leek, julienne; 1 carrot, julienne; 1/2 red onion, julienne; 2 stalks celery, julienne; 1 tablespoon soy sauce; 3 tablespoons mirin rice wine; Cilantro Pesto, recipe follows; Sweet and Sour Tomato Jam, recipe follows; 2 tablespoons honey; 3 tablespoons rice vinegar | INSTRUCTIONS: Baste the mushrooms with Asian Baste on the gill side of the mushroom. Then, spread 1 tablespoon of Ginger-Lemongrass Puree over the Asian Baste. In a saucepot, boil water. Place asparagus into the water for 1 minute, then put the asparagus into cold water to stop the cooking process. They should still be crisp. On an oiled griddle on medium high heat place 6 Coconut Rice Cakes, and 6 mushroom caps basted side up. Brown the coconut cakes on both sides. Cook mushrooms on 1 side, then transfer to a sheet pan and brown under the broiler until the ginger-lemongrass is golden brown and bubbly. In a <END>
INPUT: tossed, sate, live crabs, vegetable oil, bulb garlic, spring onions, crab meat
OUTPUT: TITLE: Wok Tossed Mud Crab with Sate Sauce: Cua Xao Sate | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 live crabs, blue swimmer or mud crab (about 14-ounces each); 16 ounces or 2 cups vegetable oil; 1/2 bulb garlic, cloves peeled and minced; 10 spring onions, (white part only) sliced; 7 ounces crab meat; 3 1/2 ounces dried shrimp, soaked in 1 cup water for 20 minutes, and then drained; 1/2 tablespoon sugar; 1 teaspoon salt; 1 tablespoon oyster sauce; 1/2 tablespoon fish sauce; 1 1/2 tablespoons dried chile flakes; 3 1/2 ounces chile oil; Vegetable oil, for deep-frying; Potato starch, for dusting; 3 red Asian shallots, finely diced* | INSTRUCTIONS: *Can be found at specialty Asian markets. To prepare your crabs humanely, place them in the freezer for 1 hour to put them to sleep. For the Sate Sauce: Pour the vegetable oil in a wok and bring to medium heat, fry the garlic and spring onions until fragrant. Now add the crab meat, shrimp, sugar, salt, oyster sauce, and fish sauce. Stir to incorporate, and then reduce the heat to a low simmer for 30 minutes, stirring every 5 minutes. Lastly add the chile oil, stir and simmer for another 5 minutes. Cooks Note: Use this sate sauce as a dipping sauce for noodle soups or add to stir-frys. Refriger <END>
INPUT: smoky, wooden, olive oil, smoked paprika, sugar, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Smoky Chicken Skewers | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 8 wooden (or metal) skewers; 3 tablespoons olive oil; 2 1/2 teaspoons smoked paprika; 1 teaspoon brown sugar; 1 teaspoon salt; 1/2 teaspoon black pepper; 1 1/2 pounds chicken tenders (about 16 tenders), cut crosswise into 1-inch chunks; 4 tangelos (or small oranges), peeled and segmented; 1 medium red onion, cut into 1-inch chunks | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat broiler and move rack close to heat source. Soak wooden skewers in hot water. Combine oil, paprika, sugar, salt and pepper in a bowl. Thread chicken, tangelos and onion on skewers, alternating pieces and packing tightly. Place skewers on a large rimmed baking sheet and brush with oil mixture. Broil, turning once or twice and basting with pan drippings, until chicken is no longer pink inside and tangelos and onion are browned, 7 to 10 minutes. Heat broiler and move rack close to heat source. Soak wooden skewers in hot water. Combine oil, paprika, sugar, salt and pepper in a bowl. Thread ch <END>
INPUT: Indian, caribbean, sauce, cream coconut, lime juice, onions, curry powder, cayenne pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Caribbean Coconut Curry Sauce | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 2/3 cup canned cream of coconut (such as Coco Lopez); 1/2 cup fresh lime juice; 6 tablespoons minced green onions; 2 teaspoons curry powder; 1/2 teaspoon cayenne pepper; 1/2 teaspoon salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Whisk cream of coconut and fresh lime juice in small bowl until smooth. Stir in green onions, curry powder, cayenne pepper and salt. (Can be made 1 day ahead. Cover and refrigerate.) Brush half of sauce over chicken or seafood before and during grilling. Pass remaining sauce separately. Whisk cream of coconut and fresh lime juice in small bowl until smooth. Stir in green onions, curry powder, cayenne pepper and salt. (Can be made 1 day ahead. Cover and refrigerate.) Brush half of sauce over chicken or seafood before and during grilling. Pass remaining sauce separately. <END>
INPUT: Indian, dark, Seeds from vanilla, cardamom pods, milk, superfine sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Dark Chocolate and Cardamom Ice Cream | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 4 1/2 oz dark (70% cocoa solids) chocolate; Seeds from 1/2 vanilla bean; 2 cardamom pods; 3/4 cup whole milk; 1/3 cup superfine sugar; 3/4 cup heavy cream | INSTRUCTIONS: Melt the chocolate in a heatproof bowl over a pan of barely simmering water, making sure the bowl doesn't touch the water. Split the vanilla bean lengthwise and scrape out the seeds with the back of a knife. Then crush the cardamom pods with the flat of the blade of the knife. Place the milk in a separate pan and heat to just under boiling point, then add the sugar, vanilla seeds, and cardamom pods. Stir until the sugar is dissolved. Using a strainer to catch the crushed cardamom pods, pour the milk into the melted chocolate and stir. Add the cream, stir well, and leave to cool at room tempera <END>
INPUT: American, pudding, garlic, butter, onions olive oil, Forest ham into, Swiss cheese
OUTPUT: TITLE: Potato and Ham Pudding | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 peeled garlic clove; 1 tablespoon softened butter; 1/2 cup finely sliced onions cooked in 2 tablespoons olive oil; 4 ounces Black Forest ham cut into fine dice; 4 ounces grated Swiss cheese; 4 large eggs lightly beaten; 1/4 cup half and half or light cream; 3/4 pound Yukon Gold potatoes, peeled and grated; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 tablespoons butter, cut into small pieces | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 375 degrees. Rub a 2 quart baking dish with cut clove of garlic and rub it with butter. In a mixing bowl combine the cooked onions with ham, cheese, eggs and cream. A handful at a time, squeeze out the water from the potatoes and stir the potatoes into the eggs. Season with salt and pepper. Transfer mixture to prepared baking pan. Dot with butter and bake for 40 or 45 minutes or until top is nicely browned. Serve hot or warm with a green been salad. <END>
INPUT: Italian, scrambled, eggs, Leftover asparagus, Parmesan cheese
OUTPUT: TITLE: Asparagus and Parmesan Scrambled Eggs | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 8 eggs; Leftover asparagus, chopped; 1/4 cup Parmesan cheese | INSTRUCTIONS: Break eggs into a bowl and beat. Pour the eggs into a skillet and add the leftover chopped asparagus. Sprinkle with the Parmesan cheese. Cook the eggs until they are soft and fluffy. <END>
INPUT: dipped, bananas, popsicle, good quality chocolate, butter, nuts
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate Dipped Bananas | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 5 bananas; 8 popsicle sticks; 3 cups good quality chocolate bar; 3 tablespoons butter, cut up; Chopped nuts; Toasted coconut; Cookie crumbles; Colored sprinkles or chocolate jimmies; Mini chocolate candies or mini semi sweet chips, for chocoholics; Granola | INSTRUCTIONS: Peel and cut the bananas in half crosswise, so that you have 8 pieces. Place peeled bananas on sticks. Line a cookie sheet with waxed paper. Place bananas on the cookie sheet in the freezer, keep them in there as long as possible, at least 10 minutes. Heat chocolate bits with butter in a double boiler over low heat until the chocolate melts and butter is incorporated. Dip the chilled bananas in chocolate and roll with your favorite topping. Chill or freeze until ready to serve. <END>
INPUT: bitter, caramel, sugar, water, lemon juice, whipping cream, fleur de sel
OUTPUT: TITLE: Bitter Caramel Ice Cream | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 3/4 cups sugar; 1/2 cup water; 1/2 teaspoon fresh lemon juice; 2/3 cup whipping cream; 1/8 teaspoon fleur de sel*; 9 large egg yolks; 3/4 cup sugar; 4 cups whole milk; 1/2 cup whipping cream; 1 tablespoon light corn syrup; 1 1/2 teaspoons fresh lemon juice; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; 1/8 teaspoon fleur de sel* | INSTRUCTIONS: For caramel: Combine sugar, 1/2 cup water, and lemon juice in heavy medium saucepan. Stir over medium heat until sugar dissolves. Increase heat; boil without stirring until mixture is very dark amber (but not burned), occasionally swirling pan and brushing down sides with wet pastry brush, about 10 minutes (time will vary depending on size of pan). Remove from heat; add cream (mixture will bubble vigorously). Return to medium heat and stir until any caramel bits dissolve and mixture is slightly thickened, about 4 minutes. Stir in fleur de sel. Cool. Combine sugar, 1/2 cup water, and lemon juic <END>
INPUT: American, puree, eggplant, Myzithra cheese, lemon juice, olive oil, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Eggplant and Myzithra Cheese Puree | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 3/4 pounds eggplant; 1/2 cup grated Myzithra cheese; 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 2 cloves garlic, minced; Salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat broiler. Place eggplant on a baking sheet and broil, turning occasionally, until charred all over and softened, about 40 minutes. Set aside to cool slightly. When cool enough to handle, peel eggplant and roughly chop, reserving liquid, transfer to a bowl. Saute garlic in olive oil in a saute pan. Mix in remaining ingredients with eggplant and season to taste with salt and pepper. Serve warm with slices of lamb, heating puree in a small saucepan if necessary. <END>
INPUT: cocktail, mayonnaise, plain yogurt, horseradish, Cognac, tablespoosn onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lobster and Mango Cocktail | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/3 cup mayonnaise; 1/3 cup plain yogurt; 2 tablespoons horseradish; 2 tablespoons Cognac; 2 tablespoosn minced onion; 1 tablespoon ketchup; 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 4 (1 1/2 pound) live lobsters; 3 firm-ripe mangoes; 1 cup finely diced celery; 1 avocado, pitted, peeled and chopped into small cubes; 4 whole Belgian endives, trimmed and sliced crosswise thinly, plus 12 whole leaves, for garnish; 3 tablespoons minced fresh chives plus 24 whole chives, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: In a small bowl whisk together mayonnaise, yogurt, horseradish, Cognac, onion, ketchup, and lemon juice. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Cover and chill the sauce. Plunge the lobsters into a large kettle of boiling salted water and boil them, covered, for 10 minutes. Transfer the lobsters with tongs to a bowl and let them cool until they can be handled. Crack the shells, remove the meat, and cut it into 3/4-inch pieces. Transfer the lobster meat to a large bowl and chill it, covered. The lobster cocktail may be prepared up to this point 1 day in advance. Halve the mangoes by cutting jus <END>
INPUT: American, All Purpose Crust, seedless raspberry jam, eggs, pure vanilla extract, evaporated milk
OUTPUT: TITLE: Peanut Butter-Berry Pie | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 All-Purpose Crust, Oat Variation; 2 tablespoons seedless raspberry jam, warmed; 4 eggs; 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract; 1 1/4 cups evaporated milk; 1/2 cup reduced-fat peanut butter; 1/4 cup packed light brown sugar; 1 cup mini-marshmallows; 1 pint fresh raspberries | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat oven to 350°F. Chill crust 15 minutes. Remove from fridge; prick crust at 1-inch intervals with a fork. Line with waxed paper; fill with pie weights or uncooked rice. Bake until golden, 30 minutes. When crust is cool, lift waxed paper to remove weights. Increase oven heat to 400°F. Spread jam on crust to cover bottom. In a bowl, whisk eggs and vanilla. In a thick-bottomed pot (to prevent burning), whisk milk with peanut butter and sugar over medium heat until steaming; remove from heat. Whisk peanut butter mixture into egg-vanilla mixture until combined; spoon filling into crust. Bake unt <END>
INPUT: busters, Salt, corn grits, butter, mascarpone cheese, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Busters and Grits | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Salt; 1 cup white corn grits; 6 tablespoons butter; 1/2 cup mascarpone cheese; Freshly ground black pepper; 1/2 cup milk; 4 eggs, beaten; 1 cup cornmeal; 1/2 cup flour; 1 teaspoon Basic Creole Spices; 1 quart canola oil; 6 small soft-shell blue crabs, cleaned; 1 cup Basic Crab Pan Sauce; 3 cloves garlic, minced; 1 green onion, chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. Bring 4 cups lightly salted water to a boil in a medium heavy-bottomed pot over high heat. Slowly pour the grits into the boiling water, stirring constantly. Reduce the heat to low. Stir the grits often to make sure they don't stick to the bottom of the pot. Simmer until all the water has been absorbed and the grits become soft, about 20 minutes. 2. Stir in 3 tablespoons of the butter and the mascarpone. Season with salt and pepper. Remove from heat and place a piece of plastic wrap directly on the surface of the grits to keep a crust from forming. 3. Whisk together the milk, eggs, cornmeal <END>
INPUT: American, tuscan, eye steak, virgin olive oil, rosemary, thyme, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tuscan Rib-Eye Steak | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: One 18-ounce bone-in rib-eye steak, about 1 1/2-inches thick; 2 teaspoons extra-virgin olive oil; 4 sprigs fresh rosemary; 4 sprigs fresh thyme; 2 cloves garlic, peeled and smashed; 1 1/4 teaspoons kosher salt; 1/2 teaspoon lemon zest; 1 teaspoon fresh lemon juice; 2 teaspoons plus 1 teaspoon extra-virgin olive oil; 1/4 teaspoon chopped fresh rosemary; 1/4 teaspoon chopped fresh thyme; 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, plus more for seasoning; 1 large egg; 6 or 7 leaves baby arugula | INSTRUCTIONS: For the marinade: The day before you plan on cooking your steak, place the rib-eye in a resealable baggie along with the olive oil, rosemary, thyme and garlic. Move the herbs and garlic around in the bag to coat the steak with all the flavors. Refrigerate overnight. For the steak: Remove the steak from the refrigerator 30 minutes before cooking. Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Heat a grill pan over medium-high heat. Sprinkle the steak evenly with 1 teaspoon of the salt. Place the steak on the grill pan and sear for 5 minutes without moving the steak. Flip the steak and repeat on the other s <END>
INPUT: American, spare, Neely's Seasoning Mix, paprika, sugar, onion powder
OUTPUT: TITLE: Neely's Dry BBQ Ribs | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 3 to 4 pounds spare ribs; 4 ounces Neely's Seasoning Mix, recipe follows; 8 ounces paprika; 4 ounces sugar; 2 teaspoons onion powder | INSTRUCTIONS: Trim the spare ribs, removing the upper brisket bone and any excess fat; this will produce a St. Louis-style rib. Rinse the ribs and season with Neely's Seasoning, and then cover and refrigerate for 4 to 12 hours. Indirect cooking in a barbecue pit is recommended to prevent burning. Cook at 250 degrees F (curled side of ribs facing up) for the first 3 hours, and then increase the temperature to 300 degrees F for the final 3 hours. Sprinkle the ribs with Neely's Seasoning Mix during the last 30 minutes of cooking. Mix all ingredients together in a bowl. <END>
INPUT: mini, loaves, banana chips, banana nut muffin, unsweetened cocoa powder, chocolate milk
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate-Banana Mini Loaves | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Cooking spray; 3/4 cup banana chips; 1 17.1-ounce package banana-nut muffin mix; 1/4 cup unsweetened cocoa powder; 3/4 cup chocolate milk; 1/4 cup vegetable oil; 2 large eggs; 3/4 cup semisweet chocolate chips; 3/4 cup confectioners' sugar, sifted; 2 to 3 tablespoons heavy cream; 1/2 to 1 teaspoon banana extract | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Spray two 6-by-3-inch miniature loaf pans with cooking spray; set aside. Place the banana chips in a large zip-top plastic bag. Press out the air and seal. Using a rolling pin, roll over the chips until crushed. Whisk the muffin mix and cocoa in a large bowl. Add the chocolate milk, oil and eggs, stirring until smooth. Stir in the crushed banana chips and chocolate chips. Divide the batter evenly between the pans. Bake for 50 to 55 minutes, or until a toothpick inserted into the center comes out clean. Cool in the pans on a rack for 20 minutes. Meanwhile, mak <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, garlic, kosher salt, ceci beans, tahini, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Bruschetta with Spicy Ceci Bean Purée | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 2 garlic cloves; 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt; One 16-ounce can ceci beans (also called chickpeas and garbanzo beans), drained and rinsed; 1/2 cup tahini; 1/4 cup finely chopped red onion; 1/4 cup olive oil, plus more for drizzling; 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 1 tablespoon balsamic vinegar; 1 tablespoon crushed red pepper flakes (use more or less to taste); 1 1/2 teaspoons honey; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 8 slices Rick's Basic Bruschetta; 1 tablespoon roughly chopped, toasted pine nuts; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh tarragon; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh flat-leaf parsley | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. On a cutting board and using the blade and flat side of a large, sharp knife, mince and mash the garlic and salt to make a paste. 2. In the bowl of a food processor fitted with the metal blade, pulse the ceci beans with the garlic paste, tahini, onion, the 1/4 cup of oil, lemon juice, vinegar, red pepper, and honey. Scrape down the sides of the bowl several times and pulse until the mixture is smooth. Season to taste with salt and black pepper. The texture of the paste should be that of spreadable peanut butter; if necessary, thin it with water and pulse again. 3. Spread the bean paste on t <END>
INPUT: crusted, pumpkin seeds, sunflower seeds, cumin seeds, salt, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Toasted Pumpkin Seed Crusted Halibut | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup pumpkin seeds; 1/2 cup sunflower seeds; 1 teaspoon cumin seeds; 1 tablespoon salt; 1 teaspoon black pepper; 1 teaspoon cayenne pepper; 2 whites; 2 pounds boneless halibut fillet; 1/4 cup olive oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Mix all dry ingredients together and toast in oven until golden brown. Cool and puree in food processor until fine and reserve. In another bowl, whip egg whites until frothy. Dip fish fillet in egg whites and then in pumpkin seed crust. Sear fish olive oil until brown. Finish in 350 degree oven for 10 minutes. Serve with your favorite fall vegetables. <END>
INPUT: deep, racks St. Louis, Your favorite rub, Peanut oil, Your favorite barbecue, milk
OUTPUT: TITLE: Deep Fried Ribs | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 racks St. Louis style ribs; Your favorite rib rub; Peanut oil, for frying; Your favorite barbecue sauce; 2 cups milk; 2 eggs; 4 ounces beer; All-purpose flour; Pepper, salt, and Cajun spices, to taste | INSTRUCTIONS: Set smoker at 350 degrees F. Wash each rack under water. Pat dry. Place racks on a wood-burning smoker. A hickory wood fire is best. Smoke ribs for 30 minutes. Remove ribs from smoker and rub each side with the rib rub. Return the ribs to smoker and smoke at 350 degrees F for about 1 hour 30 minutes. Remove ribs and cool completely. When cool, cut ribs into individual sections. Dip each rib into pre-wash solution then the breading mixture, lightly dredging. Shake off the excess then dip into wash again and then the breading mixture. Place ribs into a 350-degree F deep fryer and cook for 5 minu <END>
INPUT: salad, hot house cucumber, lemon juice, olive oil, Kosher salt, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cucumber Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 hot house cucumber, thinly sliced, or shaved; 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice; 2 tablespoons olive oil; Kosher salt; Freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Put the cucumber, lemon juice, and oil in a small bowl, and toss. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. <END>
INPUT: Indian, Vidalia onion, eggs, milk, all purpose flour, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fried Vidalia Onion | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 1 Vidalia onion, skin removed; 2 eggs; 1 cup milk; 1 cup all-purpose flour; 1 1/2 teaspoons salt; 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 1 1/2 teaspoons cayenne pepper; 1/4 teaspoon dried oregano; 1/8 teaspoon dried thyme; 1/8 teaspoon ground cumin; Peanut oil, for frying; Creamy dill dipping sauce, recipe follows; 3/4 cup buttermilk; 1/4 cup mayonnaise; 1 tablespoon freshly chopped dill leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat oil in a deep-fryer to 350 degrees F. Whisk together the egg and the milk in a medium sized bowl. In a separate bowl combine the flour, salt, peppers, oregano, thyme, and cumin. Slice 1/2-an inch off the top of the onion and the bottom of the onion. Slice the onion in half, about 3/4-of the way down without slicing all the way through. Slice into quarters, then into 1/8s. Repeat this until you have cut the onion into 14 sections. Spread the "petals" of the onion apart and dip the onion in the milk mixture. Then coat it liberally with the dry ingredients. Separate the "petals" and sprinkle <END>
INPUT: brownies, rice flour, tapioca flour, potato starch, xanthan gum
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spicy Cinnamon Hot Cocoa Brownies | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Cooking spray; 3 cups white rice flour; 1 1/2 cups tapioca flour; 3/4 cup potato starch; 1 tablespoon xanthan gum; 1 1/2 teaspoons salt; 1 cup maple sugar powder; 3/4 teaspoon baking powder; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 1 cup plus 2 tablespoons chocolate chips; 1/3 cup canola oil; 1/4 cup unsweetened cocoa powder; 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 3/4 teaspoon cayenne pepper, or to taste; 3 large eggs, at room temperature | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Grease an 8-inch square baking pan with gluten-free cooking spray. For the flour blend: Whisk together the rice flour, tapioca flour, potato starch, xanthan gum and salt in a large bowl. Reserve the remaining flour blend for another use. For the brownies: Whisk together the sugar, baking powder, salt and 1/2 cup of the gluten-free flour blend in in a small bowl. In a medium microwavable bowl, combine the chocolate chips, oil, cocoa powder, cinnamon, cayenne and 3 tablespoons water. Microwave on medium power until the chips are almost melted, about 30 seconds. <END>
INPUT: American, zagna, EVOO, cremini mixed mushrooms, thyme, garlic, shallot
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mushroom and Spinach Bread-zagna | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup EVOO; 1 pound cremini or mixed mushrooms, sliced; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh thyme; 4 cloves garlic, thinly sliced; 1 shallot, finely chopped; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1/4 to 1/3 cup marsala or dry white wine; 1/4 to 1/3 cup chicken stock; 1 pound spinach, stemmed and chopped; 1 pint half-and-half; 6 large eggs; A few grates fresh nutmeg; Eight 1-inch-thick slices peasant-style white bread; 2 tablespoons butter, cut into small pieces, plus softened butter, for greasing; 12 ounces Fontina Val d'Aosta or Gruyere cheese, shredded or thinly sliced | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Heat the EVOO in a large saute pan over medium-high heat and brown the mushrooms until tender and dark. Stir in the thyme, garlic, shallots, some salt and pepper, cook 1 to 2 minutes. Deglaze the pan with the marsala and stir until almost completely evaporated. Pour in the stock, wilt in the spinach and turn off the heat. Whisk the half-and-half with the eggs, nutmeg and some salt and pepper in a large shallow bowl. Soak the bread, turning occasionally, until the liquid is absorbed. Grease a 9-by-13-inch baking dish. Lay 4 slice <END>
INPUT: beets, virgin olive oil, orange juice, Kosher salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Beet Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 red beets, scrubbed; 1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil; 1 tablespoon fresh orange juice; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; Dressing:; 1 small shallot, chopped; 2 tablespoons fresh orange juice; 1 teaspoon honey; 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard; Juice of 1 lemon; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 1 tablespoon roasted hazelnut oil; Salad:; 4 cups baby kale | INSTRUCTIONS: For the beets: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Toss together the beets, oil, orange juice, 1/2 teaspoon salt and 1/4 teaspoon pepper in a baking dish. Roast until the beets are easily pierced with a fork, 45 minutes to 1 hour. Let cool. Once cool, the skin should easily peel off. Cut the beets in quarters and set aside. For the dressing: Combine the shallots, orange juice, honey, mustard, lemon juice, 1/2 teaspoon salt and 1/2 teaspoon pepper in a small bowl. Mix well. Slowly add the olive oil and hazelnut oil, while whisking. Set aside. For the salad: On a large platter, assemble the salad <END>
INPUT: salad, olive oil, lemon juice, kosher salt, pecans
OUTPUT: TITLE: Crudités Salad with Farro and Pecans | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup olive oil; 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice; 1/4 teaspoon kosher salt; 1/2 cup pecans; 1 teaspoon olive oil; 2 teaspoons almond butter or natural peanut butter; 1/2 bunch Tuscan kale, ribs and stems removed, leaves torn (about 2 cups); Kosher salt, freshly ground pepper; 1/2 small fennel bulb, thinly sliced; 1 small zucchini, thinly sliced lengthwise on a mandoline; 2 breakfast radishes, thinly sliced lengthwise on a mandoline; 1 cup cauliflower florets, grated on the large holes of a box grater; 1 cup red and/or yellow grape tomatoes, halved; 1 cup trimmed watercress; 3/4 cup cooked semi-pearled farro | INSTRUCTIONS: Vinaigrette: Whisk oil, lemon juice, and salt in a small bowl to combine; set aside. Whisk oil, lemon juice, and salt in a small bowl to combine; set aside. Salad: Cook pecans and oil in a small skillet over medium heat, stirring often, until nuts are darkened in color, 5–7 minutes. Let cool, then coarsely chop so you have a variety of sizes, with some pieces almost pulverized. Set aside 2 tablespoons nuts for serving. Whisk almond butter and 1 tablespoon vinaigrette in a medium bowl to combine. Add kale and massage dressing into leaves with your hands until evenly coated; season with salt and <END>
INPUT: limes, honey, cayenne pepper, honeydew melon, ham
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Melon and Ham | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 limes, juiced; 1 tablespoon honey; 1/8 teaspoon cayenne pepper; 1/2 honeydew melon, sliced into 12 pieces; 12 slices ham, cut in 1/2 | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: 12 (6-inch) wooden bamboo skewers, soaked in water for 20 to 30 minutes Preheat a grill to medium-high heat. In a small bowl, toss together the lime juice, honey, cayenne pepper, and melon. Thread the melon chunks on the wooden skewers and wrap each chunk with ham, tucking in the ends so it stays together. Put the skewers on the grill and cook until the ham is just crisp, about 5 minutes on each side. Remove the skewers from the grill to a serving platter and serve. <END>
INPUT: bakewell, tart, all purpose flour, sugar, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Bakewell Tart with Raspberry Preserves | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/4 cups all purpose flour; 1/2 teaspoon sugar; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 6 tablespoons (3/4 stick) chilled unsalted butter, cut into 1/2-inch cubes; 3 tablespoons (or more) ice water; 3/4 cup raspberry preserves; 1/2 vanilla bean, split lengthwise; 1/2 cup sugar; 1/2 cup (1 stick) unsalted butter, melted, cooled; 4 large egg yolks; 3 large egg whites; 1/4 teaspoon almond extract; Pinch of salt; 1 cup roasted salted Marcona almonds*; Lightly sweetened whipped cream | INSTRUCTIONS: For crust: Blend flour, sugar, and salt in processor 5 seconds. Add butter. Using on/off turns, cut in until very coarse meal forms. Add 3 tablespoons ice water. Blend until moist clumps form, adding more ice water by teaspoonfuls if dough is dry. Gather dough into ball; flatten into disk. Wrap in plastic wrap; chill 1 hour. DO AHEAD: Can be made 1 day ahead. Keep chilled.Soften briefly at room temperature before rolling. Preheat oven to 375°F. Roll out dough on floured surface to 12- to 13-inch round. Transfer dough to 9-inch tart pan with removable bottom. Cut off all but 1/2 inch of overhan <END>
INPUT: cookies, bottles, honey, unsalted butter, powdered sugar, egg
OUTPUT: TITLE: White Beer Cookies | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 bottles (12 ounces each) Belgian style white beer (recommended: Hoegaarden); 5 tablespoons honey; 1 1/2 sticks unsalted butter, at room temperature; 1 1/4 cups powdered sugar; 1 large egg; 1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract; 1 medium orange, zested; 2 teaspoons ground coriander; 2 cups all-purpose flour; 1/2 teaspoon baking soda; 1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract; 1 cup powdered sugar; 1 tablespoon orange juice; 1 tablespoon whole milk; 1 orange zested using a bar grater, optional | INSTRUCTIONS: Put the beer and honey to a medium saucepan and reduce over medium heat until you have about 1/3 cup of liquid. You will occasionally have to skim the foam off the top of the beer. You will know you have hit 1/3 of a cup of liquid as the liquid will suddenly begin to aggressively foam due to the high concentration of sugar (This looks different from foaming due to carbon dioxide, the bubbles are much larger with the sugar foaming). Let this reduction cool to room temperature. Cream the butter and sugar together. Add the egg and blend thoroughly. Then add the vanilla, orange zest, coriander, an <END>
INPUT: American, lorie, cream, all purpose flour, Salt, shortening, butter, vinegar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lorie's Ultimate Coconut Cream Pie | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/4 cups all-purpose flour; Salt; 1/4 cup shortening; 1/4 cup cold butter, cubed; 1 teaspoon white vinegar; 2 to 3 tablespoons ice-cold water; 1 1/2 cups whole milk, divided; 1 envelope (about 2 1/2 teaspoons) unflavored gelatin powder; 1 (13 1/2-ounce) can pure coconut milk; 1/2 cup sugar; 1/4 cup cornstarch; 3 egg yolks; 1 large whole egg; 2 tablespoons butter, at room temperature; 1 teaspoon coconut extract | INSTRUCTIONS: For the crust: In a large bowl, combine flour and 1/4 teaspoon salt. Cut in the shortening and butter until the mixture resembles coarse crumbs. Stir in the vinegar and 2 tablespoons water, until the mixture forms a ball, adding more water if necessary. Pat into a ball, wrap in plastic and refrigerate for 4 hours or overnight. Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Roll the dough out to an 11-inch circle to fit a 9 1/2-inch glass pie plate. Place the crust in pie plate and trim and crimp edges. Place the dish on a baking sheet for easier handling. Prick the bottom and sides of the crust well with  <END>
INPUT: tart, all purpose flour, sugar, salt, solid vegetable shortening
OUTPUT: TITLE: Apple and Prune Tart with Vanilla Ice Cream and Cognac | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/4 cups all purpose flour; 1/2 teaspoon sugar; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/4 cup solid vegetable shortening, frozen, cut into 1/2-inch pieces; 1/4 cup (1/2 stick) chilled unsalted butter, cut into 1/2-inch pieces; 3 tablespoons (or more) ice water; 12 medium pitted prunes; 1/3 cup Cognac or brandy; 4 6- to 7-ounce Golden Delicious apples, peeled, quartered, cored, each quarter cut into 3 wedges; 3 tablespoons sugar; 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted; 1/4 cup apricot preserves, heated, strained; Vanilla ice cream | INSTRUCTIONS: For crust: Blend flour, sugar and salt in processor. Add shortening and butter and blend, using on/off turns, until coarse meal forms. Add 3 tablespoons ice water. Blend, using on/off turns, until moist clumps form, adding more water by 1/2 tablespoonfuls if dry. Gather dough into ball; flatten into disk. Wrap in plastic and chill at least 1 hour. (Can be made 1 day ahead. Keep chilled. Let dough soften slightly at room temperature before rolling out.) Blend flour, sugar and salt in processor. Add shortening and butter and blend, using on/off turns, until coarse meal forms. Add 3 tablespoons i <END>
INPUT: vineyard, wine, sugar, shallot, garlic, Leaves from rosemary
OUTPUT: TITLE: Vineyard Glazed Chicken | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup dry red wine; 1/4 cup sugar; 1 medium shallot, finely chopped; 1 garlic clove, smashed and peeled; Leaves from 1 sprig fresh rosemary, finely chopped (about 1 1/2 teaspoons); Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 8 pieces mixed chicken thighs and drumsticks, about 2 1/2 pounds; 1/2 cup seedless black grapes, halved; 1/2 cup seedless red grapes, halved | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring wine, sugar, shallot, garlic, rosemary, 1 1/2 teaspoons kosher salt and 1/2 teaspoon pepper to a boil in medium saucepan. Simmer over medium-low heat until thickened and reduced to about 3/4 cup, about 12 minutes. Let wine mixture cool completely. Pour wine mixture into a medium bowl. Add the chicken pieces, cover and marinate mixture for 1 hour. Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. Cover the top insert of a 2 piece broiler pan with foil, place on bottom pan. Evenly space the chicken on the pan skin-side up, reserving marinade. Roast the chicken until cooked through about 40 minutes. Meanwhile <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, focaccia, Hot water, porcini mushrooms, envelope yeast, olive oil, coarse salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Porcini, Olive and Rosemary Focaccia | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: Hot water; 1 ounce dried porcini mushrooms, reconstituted in 1 cup hot water (see instructions below); 1 envelope dry yeast; 1/4 cup olive oil; 2 teaspoons coarse salt; 2 teaspoons chopped fresh rosemary; 2 cups plus 4 tablespoons (about) unbleached all purpose flour; 1/2 cup coarsely chopped pitted brine-cured olives (such as Kalamata); 1 ounce dried porcini mushrooms; 1 cup hot water | INSTRUCTIONS: Add enough hot water to porcini soaking liquid to measure 3/4 cup if necessary. Heat liquid in small saucepan to 105°F to 115°F. Pour into processor. Sprinkle yeast over. Let stand until yeast dissolves, about 12 minutes. Add oil, 1 teaspoon salt and 1 teaspoon rosemary. Process 3 seconds. Add 2 cups plus 2 tablespoons flour and process until moist clumps form, adding more flour if necessary. Mix in olives, using 4 on/off turns. Turn out dough into large bowl. Add porcini and knead until mixed in (dough will be firm and sticky). Generously flour heavy large baking sheet. Turn out dough onto sh <END>
INPUT: meatballs, vegetable oil, pork, turkey, eggs, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Turkey Meatballs With Cranberry Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon vegetable oil; 1 pound ground pork; 1 pound ground turkey; 2 large eggs; 2 garlic cloves, finely chopped; 1 cup fresh breadcrumbs; 2/3 cup whole milk; 1/2 teaspoon crushed fennel seeds; 4 teaspoons finely chopped sage, plus whole leaves for garnish (optional); 2 1/2 teaspoons kosher salt, divided; 3/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, divided; 1 (14-ounce) can jellied cranberry sauce; 2 tablespoons fresh orange juice; 2 tablespoons dark brown sugar; 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh ginger | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 450°F. Coat a rimmed baking sheet with oil. Using your hands, mix pork, turkey, eggs, garlic, breadcrumbs, milk, fennel, 4 tsp. chopped sage, 2 tsp. salt, and 1/2 tsp. pepper in a large bowl until incorporated. Roll into 1" balls, making sure to pack firmly. Transfer balls to prepared baking sheet, packing them snuggly. Roast meatballs until firm and cooked through, about 15 minutes. Meanwhile, cook cranberry sauce, orange juice, brown sugar, ginger, and remaining 1/2 tsp. salt and 1/4 tsp. pepper in a medium saucepan over medium heat, whisking constantly, until smooth, about 5 <END>
INPUT: texas, qts. brewed tea, light spiced rum, lemon, mint
OUTPUT: TITLE: Texas Tea | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 qts. brewed tea, chilled; 1 cup light spiced rum, such as Captain Morgan's Silver; 1 lemon, cut in slices; 1 bunch fresh mint | INSTRUCTIONS: Fill a large pitcher (about a 10 cup capacity) three quarters of the way with iced tea. Pour in the rum and stir with a wooden spoon. Toss in the lemon slices and a handful of fresh mint. Put the drink in the refrigerator to steep and chill for a few hours. Fill six highball or other tall glasses with ice and fill with the Texas tea. Garnish with more mint if desired. <END>
INPUT: asparagus, olive oil, lemon, kosher salt, nutmeg
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Asparagus | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound fresh asparagus, 1 to 1 1/2 inches cut off the bottom; 1 tablespoon olive oil; 1 medium lemon, zested; 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt; 1/2 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg; Freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Heat the oven to 500 degrees F. Lay the asparagus on a long double layer of heavy-duty aluminum foil. Drizzle with the olive oil and toss to coat. Spread the spears into a single layer. Fold the edges of the foil to make a tray. Roast in the oven for 5 minutes. Carefully toss the spears with tongs and roast just until tender and tips begin to brown, about 5 minutes more. Sprinkle with the zest, salt, nutmeg, and pepper, to taste, and toss to evenly distribute. Transfer to a serving platter and serve immediately. <END>
INPUT: broccoli florets, virgin olive oil, garlic, shallots, Kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Asiago Roasted Broccoli | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 8 cups broccoli florets (2 to 3 large heads); 5 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 4 large cloves garlic, roughly chopped; 2 large shallots, roughly chopped; Kosher salt; 1/8 to 1/4 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes; 1/4 cup finely shredded aged Asiago cheese; Zest of 1 lemon (about 2 teaspoons) | INSTRUCTIONS: Set a rimmed baking sheet on an oven rack and preheat to 425 degrees F. Add the broccoli, oil, garlic, shallots, 3/4 teaspoon salt and red pepper flakes to a large bowl and toss to coat. Transfer to the preheated baking sheet and spread out in a single layer. Roast until the broccoli florets are browned on the ends, the stalks are crisp-tender and the shallots are caramelized, about 20 minutes, tossing about halfway through. Immediately sprinkle with the Asiago and lemon zest. Season with some salt if needed. Transfer to a serving platter. <END>
INPUT: Italian, soup, crisp, onion, butter, olive oil, carrot, celery
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lima Bean Soup with Parmesan Bacon Crisp | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 2/3 cup diced onion; 3 tablespoons butter; 1 tablespoon olive oil; 1/3 cup diced carrot; 1/3 cup diced celery; 3 cups lima beans, thawed; 1 apple peeled, cored, pitted and sliced; 4 cups chicken broth; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1/2 cup grated Parmesan; 1/4 cup fully cooked crumbled bacon; Sour cream, for plating, optional | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. In a large heavy-bottomed pot, cook onion in butter and oil over medium heat until translucent about 10 minutes. Add the carrot and celery and cook another 5 minutes. While vegetables are cooking, place lima beans in boiling water and cook until very soft about 10 minutes. Drain lima beans and add to the pot with the sliced apple. Pour in the chicken broth. Lower heat and simmer an additional 5 minutes. Then puree with a hand blender. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. For the Parmesan Bacon Crisp: Line a cookie sheet with aluminum foil and spray with cooking <END>
INPUT: gratin, all purpose flour, milk, Cheddar, American cheese
OUTPUT: TITLE: Potatoes au Gratin | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 8 tablespoons (1 stick) butter; 1/2 cup all-purpose flour; 2 cups milk; 1/2 cup grated yellow Cheddar; 1/4 cup grated American cheese; 1/4 cup grated white cheddar; 1 teaspoon chicken bouillon powder; 1/2 teaspoons ground nutmeg; 1 teaspoon black pepper; 3 pounds russet potatoes, washed and scrubbed, peeled and sliced thin; 1 stick butter, melted; 2 cups panko bread crumbs; 2 teaspoons smoky paprika | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. In a large sauce pot over medium-high heat, add butter. Stir in the flour until pasty. Add milk; stir to remove lumps and let cook for 6 minutes until it gets thick. Lower heat and add the cheese, bouillon, nutmeg and black pepper. Whisk until well combined and sauce thickens, approximately 4 minutes. Remove from heat. In a bowl, combine butter, panko and smoky paprika. Stir well. Place potatoes into a casserole dish. Pour cheese over potatoes and sprinkle au gratin on top. Wrap with foil and bake in oven for 35 to 45 minutes. Remov <END>
INPUT: stew, olive oil, leg lamb, Salt pepper, all purpose flour, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lamb Stew with Cipolline Onions and Potatoes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup olive oil; 3 pounds boneless leg of lamb, trimmed of excess fat and sinew, meat cut into 1 1/2 to 2-inch pieces; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 tablespoons all-purpose flour; 3 garlic cloves, finely chopped; 1 1/2 cups dry red wine; 3 1/2 cups beef broth; 1 (15-ounce) can diced tomatoes with juices; 1 tablespoon tomato paste; 18 small cipolline onions; 12 small red-skinned potatoes, halved; 2 large carrots, peeled, cut into 1-inch pieces | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat the oil in a heavy large pot over medium-high heat. Sprinkle the lamb with salt and pepper. Toss the lamb with the flour in a large bowl to coat. Working in 2 batches, add the lamb to the pot and cook until brown, about 10 minutes. Using a slotted spoon, transfer the lamb to a bowl. Pour off the excess oil. Add the garlic to the same pot and saute over medium heat until tender and fragrant, about 1 minute. Add the wine and simmer over medium-high heat until reduced by half, stirring to scrape up any browned bits on the bottom of the pot, about 5 minutes. Return the lamb to the pot. Stir i <END>
INPUT: rolls, plum tomatoes, garlic, olive oil, salt, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lasagne Rolls with Roasted Tomato and Eggplant | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 1/2 pounds plum tomatoes, halved lengthwise; 4 garlic cloves, peeled; 6 tablespoons olive oil; 1 1/2 teaspoons salt; 1 teaspoon black pepper; 2 pounds eggplant (preferably baby Italian), cut into 1-inch pieces; 1/3 cup water; 1 pound ricotta (preferably fresh); 1 ounce finely grated Parmigiano-Reggiano (1/2 cup); 1 large egg yolk, lightly beaten; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/2 teaspoon black pepper; 3/4 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg; 6 dried lasagne noodles (long, narrow, and curly-edged; not no-boil; 6 ounces) | INSTRUCTIONS: Make sauce: Put oven racks in upper and lower thirds of oven and preheat oven to 425°F. Oil a 13- by 9-inch or other 3-quart glass or ceramic baking dish and a large shallow baking pan. Toss together tomatoes, garlic, 3 tablespoons oil, 1 teaspoon salt, and 1/2 teaspoon pepper in baking dish, then arrange tomatoes, cut sides up, in 1 layer. Toss eggplant with remaining 3 tablespoons oil, 1/2 teaspoon salt, and 1/2 teaspoon pepper in baking pan. Roast tomatoes and eggplant, switching position of dish and pan halfway through baking, until tomato skins are wrinkled and beginning to brown and eggp <END>
INPUT: Italian, shrimp, ravioli, all purpose flour, kosher salt, eggs, egg yolks, heavy cream
OUTPUT: TITLE: Shrimp and Salt Cod Ravioli with Yellow Pepper Romesco Sauce | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups all-purpose flour; 2 teaspoon kosher salt; 2 large eggs; 2 large egg yolks; Splash heavy cream; 4 tablespoons olive oil, plus 1/4 cup; 6 cloves garlic, peeled; 1 yellow pepper, roasted, peeled and seeded; 2 yellow tomatoes, halved; 1 slice white bread, crust removed, cut into small cubes; 1 ancho chile, soaked in boiling water until soft, seeded and coarsely chopped; 1 New Mexican chile, soaked in boiling water until soft, seeded and coarsely chopped; 1/2 cup red wine vinegar; 1/4 cup toasted almonds; 1 tablespoon honey | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. For the pasta dough: Put the flour and salt in the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the dough hook and stir briefly to combine. With mixer on, add the egg and egg yolk and continue to mix until well combined. Add just enough cream to make a smooth dough (it should not be sticky). Wrap dough in plastic and chill for at least 1 hour. Cut the dough into 4 pieces. Keep the dough covered with plastic wrap while working with 1 piece at a time. Press the dough into a rectangle on a lightly floured surface and roll in through a pasta machine set at the widest setting, 2 <END>
INPUT: Asian, pilaf, water, saffron, virgin olive oil, shallot, basmati rice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Brown Rice Pilaf with Saffron and Ginger | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1 teaspoon warm water; 1/8 teaspoon saffron; 1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil; 1 tablespoon diced shallot; 1 cup brown basmati rice, soaked, rinsed, and drained well; 1 3/4 cups water or vegetable broth, homemade or store-bought; 1/2 teaspoon sea salt; 1 (1-inch) piece unpeeled fresh ginger; 1 tablespoon freshly squeezed lemon juice; 1 teaspoon lemon zest; 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh parsley | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine the warm water and saffron in a small bowl. Heat the olive oil in a saucepan over medium heat. Add the shallot and sauté until translucent, about 3 minutes. Add the rice and saffron and cook, stirring constantly, until the rice is evenly coated with the oil. Stir in the water, salt, and ginger. Increase the heat, cover, and bring to a boil. Decrease the heat to low and simmer for 20 to 25 minutes, until the water is absorbed. Check after 20 minutes; if there are steam holes on the top, it's ready. Remove ginger. Add the lemon juice, lemon zest, and parsley and fluff with a fork to comb <END>
INPUT: Italian, rotissiere, basil pesto, fettuccine, olive oil, garlic, pulled chicken meat
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fresh Fettuccine with Pulled Rotissiere Chicken, Pesto, and Roasted Peppers | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 2/3 cup basil pesto; 9-ounce package fresh fettuccine; 1 tablespoon olive oil; 3 cloves garlic, minced; 4 cups pulled cooked chicken meat; 2 cups sliced roasted red bell peppers; 1/2 cup pitted olives, halved lengthwise; Salt and pepper; 1/4 cup grated Parmesan, plus more for the table | INSTRUCTIONS: Put the pesto in a large bowl. Cook the pasta according to package instructions. Drain the pasta and reserve 1/3 cup of the pasta water. Whisk the pasta water into the pesto. While the pasta is cooking, heat the oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Add the garlic and cook, stirring until soft and fragrant, about 30 seconds. Add the chicken, peppers, and olives and cook, stirring until hot, about 3 minutes. Season with salt and pepper. Add the pasta and cheese to the pesto and toss to combine. Add the chicken mixture and combine. Divide the pasta among 4 bowls and serve immediately. Pa <END>
INPUT: grapeseed oil, onion, Italian pork sausage, crumbled cornbread, sage leaves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Pork Loin with Sausage, Cornbread Stuffing | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons grapeseed oil, plus 2 tablespoons; 1 small onion, diced; 1/2 pound ground Italian pork sausage; 2 cups prepared and crumbled cornbread; 1 teaspoon chopped fresh sage leaves; 1 teaspoon chopped fresh thyme leaves; 1 teaspoon chopped fresh parsley leaves; 2 egg whites, whipped to form peaks; 4 tablespoons heavy cream; 3 tablespoons melted butter; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 (2-pound) piece pork loin | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large skillet over medium-high heat, add 2 tablespoons of oil and the onions. Saute until the onions are translucent. In the same skillet, add the sausage meat and cook until all the sausage has changed color and is cooked, about 5 minutes. Add the cornbread and fresh herbs and continue to cook for another 3 to 4 minutes. Remove from heat and allow to rest until cool. When cool add the whipped egg whites, heavy cream and melted butter and stir to combine. Adjust the seasoning with salt and pepper, to taste. Make a cut 1/4-inch from the top of the loin down the full length and roll the por <END>
INPUT: American, cobbler, ice, superfine sugar, lemon juice, Rhine wine, Lemon peel
OUTPUT: TITLE: Rhine Wine Cobbler | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: Crushed ice; 1 teaspoon superfine sugar; 1 teaspoon lemon juice; 4 ounces Rhine wine; Lemon peel; Sprig of mint | INSTRUCTIONS: Half-fill a tumbler with crushed ice; add sugar and lemon juice and stir. Pour in the Rhine wine. Decorate with lemon and mint garnish. Half-fill a tumbler with crushed ice; add sugar and lemon juice and stir. Pour in the Rhine wine. Decorate with lemon and mint garnish. <END>
INPUT: bell peppers, olive oil, haricots verts
OUTPUT: TITLE: Haricots Verts and Red Peppers | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 red bell peppers; 1 tablespoon olive oil, divided; 3/4 pound haricots verts (French thin green beans) | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Cut bell peppers into 2-inch-long strips. In a 12-inch heavy skillet heat the oil over moderate heat until hot but not smoking and cook the peppers, stirring frequently, until crisp-tender, about 12 minutes. Transfer cooked peppers to a serving bowl. In a 4-quart kettle 1/2 filled with boiling salted water cook beans until crisp-tender, about 3 minutes. Drain beans in a colander and transfer to bowl. Toss haricots verts and peppers with salt and pepper to taste. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, dino, butter, onion, chipotles adobo sauce, dark chili powder, garlic powder
OUTPUT: TITLE: Dino Egg | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon butter; 1/4 cup diced onion; 1 tablespoon chopped chipotles in adobo sauce; 2 teaspoons dark chili powder; 1 teaspoon garlic powder; 2 cups ketchup; 1/3 cup molasses; 3 tablespoons yellow mustard; 2 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce; 2 tablespoons apple cider vinegar; 1 teaspoon salt; 1/2 teaspoon pepper; 1 egg yolk; 1 whole egg; 1 tablespoon lemon juice | INSTRUCTIONS: For the BBQ Sauce: In a pot set over medium-high heat, melt the butter. Add the onions and cook to sweat. Add the chipotles, chili powder and garlic powder, and saute for 2 minutes. Add the ketchup, molasses, mustard, Worcestershire and vinegar, and bring the sauce to a simmer. Cook the sauce at a simmer for 30 minutes. Puree the sauce in a blender and add the salt and pepper. For the mayo: Combine the egg, egg yolk, lemon juice, Sriracha, garlic and mustard in a container and puree with a stick blender. With the blender running, slowly add the oil to the mixture to emulsify the mayonnaise and <END>
INPUT: chunk, cookies, all purpose flour, unsalted roasted peanuts, unsweetened chocolate, baking powder, kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Peanut-Chocolate Chunk Cookies | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup all-purpose flour; 1/2 cup chopped unsalted roasted peanuts; 1/4 cup coarsely chopped unsweetened chocolate; 1 teaspoon baking powder; 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt; 1 cup packed light brown sugar; 1 stick (8 tablespoons) unsalted butter, at room temperature; 2 large eggs, at room temperature; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; 1/2 cup smooth peanut butter (not natural peanut butter); Unsweetened cocoa powder, for sprinkling; Confectioners' sugar, for sprinkling | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Combine the flour, peanuts, chocolate, baking powder and salt in a stainless steel bowl. With an electric mixer, cream the brown sugar and butter together until smooth. Add the eggs one at a time, making sure to completely incorporate each egg before adding the next. Beat in the vanilla. Using a rubber spatula, add the peanut butter and stir until smooth. Stir in the flour and peanut mixture and stir until just combined. Form the dough into balls the size of golf balls and place on a parchment-lined baking sheet, leaving about 2 inches between each cookie. Ba <END>
INPUT: American, blackberry, tart, vegetable oil, oatmeal cookie crumbs, unsalted butter, peach apricot nectar, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Peach and Blackberry Tart with Oatmeal-Cookie Crust | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: Nonstick vegetable oil spray; 2 cups oatmeal-cookie crumbs (made from about 32 crispy oatmeal cookies); 5 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted; 2/3 cup peach or apricot nectar; 5 tablespoons sugar; 5 teaspoons cornstarch; 2 2/3 cups coarsely chopped peeled peaches; 1 1/4 teaspoons fresh lemon juice; 1 1/4 cups large blackberries | INSTRUCTIONS: For crust: Preheat oven to 375°F. Spray 10-inch-diameter fluted tart pan with removable bottom with nonstick spray. Mix cookie crumbs and melted butter in medium bowl until moist clumps form. Press dough evenly over bottom and up sides of prepared pan. Bake until dry, about 10 minutes. Cool crust completely. (Can be made 1 day ahead. Cover tightly with foil. Let stand at room temperature.) Preheat oven to 375°F. Spray 10-inch-diameter fluted tart pan with removable bottom with nonstick spray. Mix cookie crumbs and melted butter in medium bowl until moist clumps form. Press dough evenly over bo <END>
INPUT: molten, cakes, bittersweet, mescal, eggs, egg yolks
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mexican Molten Chocolate Cakes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup (4 tablespoons) unsalted butter, plus more for greasing; 5 ounces bittersweet (non-sweetened) or semisweet chocolate, chopped; 1 tablespoon mescal; 2 large eggs; 2 large egg yolks; 5 tablespoons sugar; 1 teaspoon pomegranate molasses; 1 1/2 teaspoons canela or Mexican cinnamon; Large pinch salt; 1 tablespoon all-purpose flour; 1/2 cup chilled whipping cream | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Generously butter four 3/4-cup souffle dishes or custard cups. Arrange on a baking sheet. Stir the chocolate and butter in heavy small saucepan over low heat until smooth. Remove from the heat; stir in the mescal. Cool 10 minutes, stirring occasionally. Using an electric mixer, beat the eggs, yolks, 4 tablespoons sugar, molasses, 1 teaspoon canela powder and salt in medium bowl until very thick ribbons fall when beaters are lifted, about 6 minutes. Sift the flour over the batter; fold in the flour. Fold in the chocolate mixture. <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, olive oil, butter, mushrooms, chicken broth
OUTPUT: TITLE: Couscous with Mushrooms | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons olive oil; 2 tablespoons butter; 10 ounces white mushrooms, quartered and thinly sliced; 1 medium (about 1 cup) Vidalia onion, finely chopped; 1 1/2 cups chicken broth; 3/4 teaspoon salt; 1 cup uncooked couscous; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh basil leaves, optional, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat the oil and butter in a medium saucepan over medium-high heat. Add the mushrooms and cook, stirring occasionally, until softened, about 7 minutes. Add the onion and cook 5 minutes more. Add the chicken broth and the salt. Bring to a boil and stir in the couscous. Immediately remove the pan from the heat, cover it, and let it stand until all the liquid is absorbed, about 5 to 10 minutes. Uncover and fluff the couscous with a fork. Transfer to a serving bowl, garnish with the basil, if desired, and serve immediately. <END>
INPUT: live lobsters, lemons, sea salt, Lemon Caper Mayonnaise, mayonnaise
OUTPUT: TITLE: Steamed Lobster | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 live lobsters (1 1/2 pounds each); 2 lemons, halved, plus more for serving; 1 tablespoon sea salt; Lemon-Caper Mayonnaise, recipe follows; 3 cups mayonnaise; 4 garlic cloves, coarsely chopped; 2 lemons, juiced; 3 tablespoons capers, drained and coarsely chopped; 2 handfuls chopped flat-leaf parsley; Sea salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Fill a large steamer or soup pot, with about 2 inches of water, add the salt and squeeze in the lemon juice; toss the halves in there too for extra flavor. Bring to a boil over medium heat. Place the lobsters in the steamer basket or directly in the pot, cover, and allow to steam until they turn bright red, about 15 minutes. Remove the lobsters from the pot and cool to room temperature, and then chill thoroughly before cracking open. Serve with lemon wedges and Lemon-Caper Mayonnaise as part of a raw shellfish bar. Combine all ingredients in a mixing bowl and blend with a wooden spoon to combi <END>
INPUT: Italian, skordalia, shelled edamame, basil, virgin olive oil, garlic, Parmesan cheese
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Chicken with Edamame Skordalia | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 16-ounce bag frozen shelled edamame (soybeans); 1/2 cup coarsely chopped fresh basil; 1/3 cup extra-virgin olive oil plus additional for brushing; 3 garlic cloves, peeled; 6 tablespoons freshly grated Parmesan cheese; 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 4 large skinless boneless chicken breast halves | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook frozen edamame in large saucepan of boiling salted water until just tender, about 10 minutes. Drain, reserving 1 cup cooking liquid for skordalia. Meanwhile, combine basil, 1/3 cup oil, and garlic in processor; blend until basil and garlic are finely chopped. Transfer 2 tablespoons basil oil to small bowl and reserve. Add edamame, 1/2 cup reserved cooking liquid, Parmesan, and lemon juice to remaining basil oil in processor; puree until mixture is almost smooth, adding more cooking liquid by tablespoonfuls if mixture is dry. Season generously with salt and pepper. Set skordalia aside. Pre <END>
INPUT: mimosa, vinaigrette, mandarins, Champagne vinegar, Dijon mustard, garlic, hot chile flakes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Zucchini Blossoms with Mimosa Vinaigrette | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 mandarins, juiced with pulp; 2 tablespoons Champagne vinegar; 1/2 teaspoon Dijon mustard; Pinch minced garlic (about 1/2 small clove); Pinch hot chile flakes; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1 tablespoon wildflower honey; Pinch sea salt and freshly ground black pepper; 3/4 cup flour; 1 teaspoon onion powder; Sea salt; 8 zucchini blossoms; 1 cup honey brown beer; 1 egg; Extra-virgin olive oil, for pan frying | INSTRUCTIONS: To make the mimosa vinaigrette: In a jar with a tight-fitting lid, add: the mandarin juice, Champagne vinegar, Dijon mustard, garlic, hot chile flakes, extra-virgin olive oil, wildflower honey, sea salt, and freshly ground black pepper. Close the jar tightly and shake vigorously for 30 seconds to emulsify. To make the zucchini blossoms: In a big bowl, combine the flour, onion powder, sea salt, honey brown beer, and egg. Whisk until smooth. Heat a 1/4-inch of extra-virgin olive oil in a frying pan over medium-high heat. Add a few drops of the beer batter to the oil. When the batter starts to si <END>
INPUT: leftover rice couscous, leftover sausage, basil, parsley
OUTPUT: TITLE: Stuffed Peppers | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 red, green or yellow bell peppers, tops sliced off and chopped up; 2 cups leftover rice or couscous; 1 cup leftover chopped or ground sausage, ham, turkey, chicken or beef; 1 teaspoon dried basil; 1 tablespoon fresh chopped parsley; 1/2 cup chicken stock; 2 scallions, chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: Slice off tops of bell peppers, remove seeds and discard. Chop up the bell pepper tops and place into a large bowl. Add rice or couscous, chopped meat, dried basil, parsley, chopped pepper tops, chicken stock and scallions. Toss to combine and season with salt and pepper. Stuff each pepper with filling and place in a square baking dish. Bake at 325 degrees for 45 minutes or until tender. <END>
INPUT: heavy cream additional, egg yolk, vanilla, all purpose flour, sugar additional sprinkling
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cinnamon, Pecan, and Currant Cream Scones | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup heavy cream plus additional for brushing the scones; 1 large egg yolk; 1/2 teaspoon vanilla; 1 cup all-purpose flour; 3 tablespoons sugar plus additional for sprinkling the scones; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 1 1/2 teaspoons double-acting baking powder; 1/4 teaspoon baking soda; 1/2 teaspoon cinnamon; 3 tablespoons cold unsalted butter, cut into bits; 1/3 cup pecans, chopped; 1/4 cup dried currants | INSTRUCTIONS: In a small bowl whisk together 1/4 cup of the cream, the egg yolk, and the vanilla. Into a bowl sift together the flour, 3 tablespoons of the sugar, the salt, the baking powder, the baking soda, and the cinnamon, add the butter, and blend the mixture until it resembles coarse meal. Stir in the pecans, the currants, add the cream mixture with a fork until the mixture forms a sticky but manageable dough. Knead the dough gently on a lightly floured surface for 30 seconds, pat it into a 3/4-inch-thick round, and cut it into 6 wedges. Transfer the wedges to a lightly greased baking sheet, brush the <END>
INPUT: bake, pralines, pecans, cornflakes, unsalted butter, pure cane syrup, heavy cream
OUTPUT: TITLE: No-Bake Cornflake-Chocolate Pralines | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup pecans; 2 cups cornflakes; 6 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1/4 cup pure cane syrup (such as Steen's) or 2 tablespoons each molasses and light corn syrup; 2 tablespoons heavy cream; Pinch of salt; 1 ounce semisweet chocolate, chopped; 1 ounce white chocolate, chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: Toast the pecans in a medium skillet over medium heat, stirring, about 5 minutes. Transfer to a cutting board; let cool, then coarsely chop. Line 2 baking sheets with parchment paper. Toss the pecans and cornflakes in a large bowl. Make the caramel: Bring the butter, cane syrup, heavy cream and salt to a boil in a medium saucepan over medium heat and cook, stirring with a wooden spoon, until the mixture pulls away from the sides of the pan and comes together into a loose ball, about 5 minutes. Remove from the heat. Once the caramel stops bubbling, stir in the semisweet chocolate until melted.  <END>
INPUT: milk, half half, all purpose flour, unbleached cake flour
OUTPUT: TITLE: Vanilla Bean Cake | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 sticks (1 cup) unsalted butter, at room temperature, plus more for the pans; 1 cup whole milk; 3/4 cup half-and-half; 2 cups all-purpose flour; 1 1/2 cups unbleached cake flour; 2 teaspoons baking powder; 2 3/4 cups sugar; 1 1/2 teaspoons kosher salt; 2 tablespoons good-quality vanilla bean paste; 3 extra-large eggs; 1 1/2 cups sugar; 3 lemons plus 1/2 cup fresh lemon juice; 4 large eggs; A pinch of kosher salt; 1 stick (8 tablespoons) unsalted butter, cubed at room temperature | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: a candy thermometer For the vanilla bean cake: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Butter three 8-inch cake pans and line the bottoms and sides with parchment. Set aside. Mix together the milk and half-and-half, set aside. Sift together both flours and baking powder; set aside. In the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, cream the butter. Sprinkle in the sugar and salt and beat on medium speed until light in color and fluffy in texture. Add the vanilla bean paste and mix until just combined. Gradually add the eggs, one at a time, scraping down the bowl fre <END>
INPUT: Indian, shrimp, chutney, water, apple cider vinegar, from container Dole, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sauteed Shrimp with Peppers, Spicy Peach Chutney and Cheese Grit Cakes | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 5 cups water; 4 cups apple cider vinegar; 1 1/2 ounces from a container of Dole Orchard Peach frozen concentrate; 1 tablespoon ground cloves; 1 tablespoon diced fresh garlic; 3 tablespoons fresh chopped ginger; Salt; 1/4 cup brown sugar; 2/3 cup seeded, minced fresh jalapeno peppers; 3 cups chopped onion; 2 cups dried cherries, diced; 5 fresh peaches, peeled, pitted and diced; 2 tablespoons cold water; 2 tablespoons cornstarch; 4 cups water | INSTRUCTIONS: For the chutney: Mix water, cider vinegar, peach juice concentrate, ground cloves, garlic, ginger, salt to taste,sugar, jalapeno peppers and onion in a large saucepan. Simmer uncovered for 30 minutes. It will be liquid. Add cherries and peaches and simmer 15 minutes more to plump up the cherries and cook the peaches. Mix cold water and cornstarch and stir into chutney. Cook, stirring, about 30 seconds. You may want to add more cornstarch water if you prefer a thicker product. For the grit cakes: Boil water and add salt. Slowly stir in grits. Cook until thick. Remove from heat and add butter, c <END>
INPUT: scallions, jasmine rice, water, reduced sodium chicken, salted roasted peanuts, scallion greens
OUTPUT: TITLE: Jasmine Rice with Peanuts and Scallions | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups jasmine rice (13 oz); 2 cups water; 1 cup reduced-sodium chicken broth; 1/2 cup salted roasted peanuts (2 1/2 oz), finely chopped; 2/3 cup thinly sliced scallion greens | INSTRUCTIONS: Wash rice in several changes of cold water in a bowl until water is almost clear, then drain rice well in a sieve. Bring rice, water, and broth to a boil in a 3- to 4-quart heavy saucepan, then reduce heat to low and cook, covered, until rice is tender and water is absorbed, 12 to 15 minutes. Remove from heat and let stand, covered, 5 minutes. Fluff with a fork, then stir in peanuts and scallion greens. Wash rice in several changes of cold water in a bowl until water is almost clear, then drain rice well in a sieve. Bring rice, water, and broth to a boil in a 3- to 4-quart heavy saucepan, then <END>
INPUT: injected, turkey, butter, thyme, salt pepper, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Butter-Injected Turkey | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 10- to 15- pound turkey; 1 pound butter; 2 sprigs thyme; salt and pepper; N/A pepper; 2 pounds specialty bread, (wheat, oat, French,&whatever; you like), cut into 1-inch cubes; 2 eggs; 2 cups turkey or chicken stock; 1 clove garlic; 1 Spanish onion; 3 pieces bacon; 1 bag crushed walnuts, toasted; 2 grated fresh carrots; dried raisins or cranberries as garnish; salt and pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Prepare Turkey: Preheat oven to 500°F. Melt the butter. Use a hypodermic needle or baster-injector to inject the butter into the turkey. Or stuff solid butter under turkey skin. Place thyme in turkey cavity, lightly salt and pepper the bird inside and out. When temperature reaches 500°F, put turkey in the oven. Let cook for 20 minutes or until the exterior is crisp, but not golden brown. Reduce heat to 375°F. Let bird roast until finished. You should have a crispy, golden brown turkey with very, very tender, buttery meat. Preheat oven to 500°F. Melt the butter. Use a hypodermic needle or baste <END>
INPUT: citrus, salad, orange juice, Dijon, shallots, soy sauce, rice vinegar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cucumber, Celeriac and Citrus Salad with Warm Rock Shrimp | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 cups freshly squeezed orange juice; 2 tablespoons Dijon; 2 minced shallots; 1 tablespoon soy sauce; 2 tablespoons rice vinegar; 1 cup extra virgin olive oil; 1 english cucumber, very thinly sliced; 2 large heads celeriac, peeled and fine julienned; 1 tablespoon olive oil; 1/3 cup sliced scallions; 1 pound rock shrimp, rinsed and patted dry; 2 navel or other large oranges, segmented; 1 grapefruit, segmented; 2 limes, segmented; 1 lemon, segmented | INSTRUCTIONS: For the Cucumber, Celeriac and Citrus Salad: In a non-reactive saucepan, reduce the orange juice by 80 percent, until a syrupy consistency is reached. Set aside. In a bowl, whisk together the Dijon, soy, vinegar and olive oil. Season with salt and pepper. Toss some of the vinaigrette to coat the celeriac and the rest to coat the cucumbers. Check for seasoning. Using a stainless steel or plastic o-ring (3-inch diameter, 2 inches tall), line with cucumbers then fill with celeriac salad. In a saute pan, add olive oil and caramelize scallions. Add shrimp and season. Cook for 3 minutes and add the  <END>
INPUT: Asian, cupcakes, all purpose flour, baking powder, baking soda, salt, cinnamon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Carrot Cupcakes with Ginger-Cream Cheese Icing | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup all purpose flour; 3/4 teaspoon baking powder; 3/4 teaspoon baking soda; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1 cup sugar; 3/4 cup vegetable oil; 2 large eggs; 1 1/2 cups finely grated peeled carrots; 1/4 cup drained canned crushed pineapple in juice; Ginger-Cream Cheese Icing; Candied violets (optional) | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350°F. Line twelve 1/3-cup muffin cups with paper liners. Sift first 5 ingredients into medium bowl. Using electric mixer, beat sugar, oil and eggs in large bowl until well blended. Add dry ingredients to egg mixture in 2 additions, beating until well blended after each addition. Mix in carrots and pineapple. Spoon batter into prepared muffin cups, filling each 3/4 full. Bake cupcakes until tester inserted into center comes out clean, about 30 minutes. Turn cupcakes out onto racks and cool completely. (Can be made 1 day ahead. Cover; store at room temperature.) Spread top of ea <END>
INPUT: Indian, sandwiches, grain bread, good quality, turkey breast, Brie, butter Bibb lettuce
OUTPUT: TITLE: Turkey, Brie, and Chutney Sandwiches | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 16 slices thin whole-grain bread; 1 jar good-quality, store-bought chutney (such as Major Grey's); 8 ounces turkey breast, thinly sliced; 3 ounces Brie, thinly sliced; 8 butter or Bibb lettuce leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. Spread each slice of bread with enough chutney to cover one side. 2. Top half of the slices with turkey, Brie, and lettuce. Place the remaining eight slices of bread, chutney side down, on top of each sandwich. 3. Slice each sandwich into quarters and arrange on a platter to serve. (Sandwiches may be assembled up to 4 hours in advance, covered with plastic wrap, and refrigerated. 1. Spread each slice of bread with enough chutney to cover one side. 2. Top half of the slices with turkey, Brie, and lettuce. Place the remaining eight slices of bread, chutney side down, on top of each sandwich.  <END>
INPUT: vegetables, winter squash pumpkin, onions, virgin olive oil, Kosher salt, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Winter Vegetables | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 lb/910 kg winter squash or pumpkin, parsnips, carrots, beets/beetroots, or a mix; 2 medium red or yellow onions, quartered; Extra-virgin olive oil; Kosher salt; Freshly ground black pepper; Handful of fresh parsley, coarsely chopped, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 400°F/200°C/gas 6. Peel and cut the vegetables into equal sized pieces, about 1-in/2.5-cm chunks. Toss vegetables and onions in olive oil in a large bowl and season generously with salt and pepper. Spread the pieces out in a single layer on one or two roasting pans/trays so that the vegetables don't touch. Roast until the veggies are lightly browned and just tender, 45 minutes to 1 hour, depending on the vegetable. Remove and toss with additional olive oil. Season with salt and pepper and garnish with parsley before serving. Preheat the oven to 400°F/200°C/gas 6. Peel and c <END>
INPUT: fully ham portion, honey, ginger ale, grainy mustard
OUTPUT: TITLE: Honey-Glazed Ham | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: One 5- to 7-pound fully cooked boneless ham portion; 2 tablespoons cloves; 1 cup honey; 1 can ginger ale; 1/4 cup grainy brown mustard; 1 tablespoon apple cider vinegar | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Score the surface of the ham in a diamond pattern about 1/8 inch deep. Stud the top of the ham with the cloves, then put it in a roasting pan with a rack, tent it with foil and bake for 1 hour. Heat the honey, ginger ale, mustard and vinegar in a small saucepan until bubbly. Cook until reduced and a bit thicker, 10 to 15 minutes. Remove the foil and brush the glaze on the ham. Return it to the oven for 15 minutes. Repeat once more. Remove it from the oven and let it rest/cool slightly. <END>
INPUT: tostones, arugula, serrano chile, garlic, lime juice, olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tostones (Fried Plantains) | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 bunch arugula, leaves only, coarsely chopped; 1 serrano chile, stemmed, seeded and minced; 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped; 2 tablespoons lime juice; 3 tablespoons olive oil; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; Vegetable oil for deep frying; 2 large green plantains, peeled and cut into 1-inch diagonal slices; Salt to taste | INSTRUCTIONS: In a food processor, combine all the ingredients for the sauce and pulse together, scraping down the sides of the bowl as necessary, until smooth. Cover with plastic and refrigerate until serving, but not more than 2 hours. In a large heavy saucepan or deep-fat fryer, heat about 3 inches of vegetable oil to 375 degrees. Deep fry the plantain slices, in batches if necessary to prevent overcrowding, for about 5 minutes, or until they just begin to turn golden. Remove the plantains with a slotted spoon and drain on paper towels. When the slices are slightly cooled, place a paper towel on the top  <END>
INPUT: Asian, pork chops, your favorite teriyaki, your favorite BBQ, Kosher salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Teriyaki Glazed Pork Chops and BBQ Chicken | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 4 bone-in pork chops, cut 1/4-inch thick; 4 boneless, skinless chicken breasts; 1 cup your favorite teriyaki sauce, (recommended: Lawry's Teriyaki Sauce); 1 cup your favorite BBQ sauce; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Place the pork chops in a plastic bag and pour half of the teriyaki sauce over them. Place the chicken breasts in a plastic bag and pour half of the BBQ sauce over them. Marinate the pork chicken in the refrigerator overnight. Preheat the grill to medium heat. Remove the pork chops and the chicken from their plastic bags and season with salt and pepper. Place the pork and chicken on the grill. Grill the chicken about 6 minutes per side or until cooked through, turning at a 45 degree angle to create grill makes. Grill the pork about 5 minutes per side or until cooked through, turning at a 45 de <END>
INPUT: Asian, sashimi, truffles, sea urchin, ginger juice, soy sauce, yuzu juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sashimi of Snapper with Sea Urchin and Truffles | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 2 (2 1/2 pound) whole snapper (or opakapaka or Thai sea bream); 1/4 cup sea urchin; 2 ounces ginger juice; 2 ounces soy sauce; 2 ounces yuzu juice; 2 ounces lemon juice; 2 ounces truffle oil; 1 ounce rayu (spicy sesame oil); 1 fresh truffle, julienne (optional); Japanese herbs (beni tate, baby shiso, baby negi); 2 ounces scallion oil, recipe follows; 1 bunch green onions; 1 cup olive oil; 2 tablespoons ginger juice; Salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Bone snapper and slice the fish fillets into thin sashimi slices and arrange flat on a plate. Puree sea urchin with a hand blender or a small bar blender. With a tablespoon, pour the following liquids around and over the sashimi; ginger juice, soy sauce, yuzu juice, lemon juice, truffle oil, sea urchin, and spicy sesame oil. Garnish with fresh truffles, Japanese herbs, and droplets of scallion oil. Quickly blanch green onions in hot water and shock immediately in ice water. Squeeze out the water from the green onion and place in blender with the olive oil. Add the ginger juice, season with sal <END>
INPUT: salad, button mushrooms, Garlic Parsley Vinaigrette, Salt pepper, shallot, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mushroom Salad in Garlic and Parsley Vinaigrette | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound white button mushrooms, thinly sliced; Garlic and Parsley Vinaigrette, recipe follows; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 tablespoons finely chopped shallot (about 1 small); 1 large clove garlic, finely chopped; 2 tablespoons freshly chopped parsley leaves; 1 1/2 tablespoons country Dijon mustard; 4 tablespoons red wine vinegar; 1/2 teaspoon coarse salt; 1/4 teaspoon freshly cracked black pepper; 5 tablespoons olive oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Place the mushrooms in a medium glass bowl. Add the vinaigrette and toss gently. Allow to sit at least 10 minutes, until the mushrooms are wilted and impregnated with sauce. Check for seasoning and add additional salt and pepper, if necessary.; Place shallot, garlic, parsley, mustard, vinegar, salt and pepper in the bottom of a small mixing bowl. Stir to combine, then whisk in olive oil in a slow, steady stream. Alternately, place all ingredients in a clean 8-ounce jar. Cover and shake vigorously. <END>
INPUT: shooters, salted butter, Maine lobster tails, garlic, lemons
OUTPUT: TITLE: Butter Poached Lobster Shooters | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 pounds salted butter, clarified; 4 to 6 fresh Maine lobster tails; 3 garlic cloves; 4 fresh lemons, juiced | INSTRUCTIONS: Reserve 1 cup of clarified butter and try to keep warm. Place lobster tails in a large pot and cover with the remaining butter. Add 3 cloves of garlic to the pot. Poach on a low heat until the lobster shell changes color and meat is cooked. Allow to cool slightly and harvest meat from tails. Chop meat into bite-size pieces. While meat is still warm, assemble the shooters. In shot glass pour a bit of the reserved warm butter into each glass. Top with lobster meat and drizzle with a bit of the lemon juice. <END>
INPUT: American, bacon, onion, chanterelles crimini, garlic, wine vinegar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Greens with Bacon, Mushrooms, and Blue Cheese | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 4 slices thick-cut bacon, cut into 1" pieces; 1 small red onion, sliced 1/4" thick; 1/2 pound chanterelles or crimini (baby bella) mushrooms, cut into pieces; 1 garlic clove, finely grated; 1/4 cup red wine vinegar; 2 teaspoons sugar; 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard; 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil; Kosher salt, freshly ground pepper; 8 ounces hearty greens (such as mustard greens, spinach, or baby kale), torn; 1/2 cup crumbled blue cheese | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook bacon in a large skillet over medium heat, stirring occasionally, until crisp, 8–10 minutes. Using a slotted spoon, transfer bacon to a paper towel–lined plate. Cook onion in same skillet, stirring occasionally, until softened and lightly browned, 6–8 minutes, using a slotted spoon, transfer to plate with bacon. Repeat with mushrooms. Remove skillet from heat. Add garlic, vinegar, sugar, and mustard, scraping up browned bits. Whisk in oil; season dressing with salt and pepper. Toss greens, warm dressing, bacon, onion, and mushrooms in a large bowl; season with salt and pepper and top with <END>
INPUT: Mexican, cumin, salt, pepper, chili powder
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roast Pork with Port Jus and Chipotle-Glazed Apples | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons ground cumin; 2 teaspoons salt; 2 teaspoons ground black pepper; 2 teaspoons chili powder; 1/2 cup (packed) plus 1 tablespoon golden brown sugar; 1 3-pound boneless center-cut pork rib roast; 3 cups ruby Port; 1/4 cup chopped shallots; 1 3/4 cups beef stock or canned beef broth; 1 3/4 cups chicken stock or canned low-salt chicken broth; 1 fresh thyme sprig; 3 tablespoons chilled unsalted butter, cut into small pieces; Chipotle-glazed Apples | INSTRUCTIONS: Mix first 4 ingredients and 1/2 cup brown sugar in small bowl. Rub spice mixture over pork. Place in large glass baking dish. Cover and refrigerate overnight. Preheat oven to 375°F. Transfer pork to large roasting pan. Reserve juices in glass dish. Roast pork until thermometer inserted into center registers 155°F., about 1 hour 45 minutes, basting with reserved juices from glass dish every 30 minutes. Meanwhile, combine Port, shallots and remaining 1 tablespoon brown sugar in heavy medium saucepan. Boil until syrupy, about 25 minutes. Add both stocks and thyme. Boil until reduced to 1 1/4 cups <END>
INPUT: bars, Vegetable oil, apricots, all purpose flour, light sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Apricot Oat Bars | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Vegetable oil cooking spray; 1 (13-ounce) jar apricot jam or preserves (about 1 1/4 cups); 8 dried apricots, chopped into 1/4-inch pieces (about 1/3 cup); 1 3/4 cups all-purpose flour; 1 packed cup light brown sugar; 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 3/4 teaspoon fine sea salt; 3/4 teaspoon baking soda; 1 3/4 cups old-fashioned oats; 1 cup (4 ounces) coarsely chopped walnuts; 1 cup (2 sticks) unsalted butter, melted; 1 egg, at room temperature, beaten; 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Put an oven rack in the center of the oven. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Spray a 9 by 13 by 2-inch metal baking dish with vegetable oil cooking spray. Line the bottom and sides of the pan with parchment paper. Spray the parchment paper with vegetable oil cooking spray and set aside. Filling: In a small bowl, mix together the jam and the apricots. Set aside. Crust: In a large bowl, whisk together the flour, sugar, cinnamon, salt and baking soda. Stir in the oats and walnuts. Add the butter, egg and vanilla and stir until incorporated. Using a fork or clean f <END>
INPUT: Mexican, summer, kebabs, orange, lemon, lime, cumin, chili powder
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken-and-Summer-Squash Kebabs | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 orange, juiced, plus zest; 1 lemon, juiced, plus zest; 1 lime, juiced, plus zest; 2 teaspoons ground cumin; 2 teaspoons chili powder; 1/2 cup olive oil; 1 1/2 pounds boneless, skinless chicken breasts, cut into 1 1/2-inch chunks (16 pieces); 1/4 cup balsamic vinegar; 1 red onion, halved, cut into 1-inch wedges; 2 large zucchini, halved, cut into eighths; 2 yellow squash, halved, cut into eighths; Coarsely ground black pepper; Vegetable oil cooking spray; 5 cups arugula (or other salad greens); 2 cups cherry tomatoes, cut in half | INSTRUCTIONS: If using wooden skewers, soak in water at least 20 minutes. Whisk first 5 ingredients and 1/4 cup oil in a bowl. Add chicken, arranging to make sure liquid covers all pieces. Cover with plastic wrap. Marinate 1 hour. Meanwhile, whisk together remaining 1/4 cup oil and vinegar and brush liberally on vegetables; reserve remaining liquid to use as salad dressing. On a wooden or metal skewer, thread (in any order you like) a piece each of onion, zucchini, chicken and squash, then repeat for remaining skewers. Season with pepper. Coat grill with cooking spray. Heat grill to medium-high heat. Cook k <END>
INPUT: mirlitons, oil, onions, celery, shrimp
OUTPUT: TITLE: Stuffed Mirlitons | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 large mirlitons (also known as chayotes); 3 tablespoons cooking oil; 1/2 cup diced onions; 1/4 cup chopped celery; 1 cup shrimp, cooked and chopped, or 1 pound bulk sausage, cooked and drained; 1/2 cup Italian bread crumbs; 1 1/2 teaspoons seasoned salt; 1/8 teaspoon cayenne pepper; 1/2 cup bread crumbs (plain or Italian) | INSTRUCTIONS: Cut mirlitons in half lengthwise. Remove seeds in center. Boil until tender. Scoop out flesh, reserving shell for stuffing. Mash the flesh. Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Heat oil in a 9 to 10-inch skillet over medium heat. Add onion and celery and saute until tender. Add mashed mirliton flesh, shrimp (or sausage), 1/2 cup Italian bread crumbs, seasoned salt, and cayenne pepper and stir to combine. Fill mirliton shells with this mixture. Cover with remaining bread crumbs. Bake for 30 minutes or until browned. This can be served as a main dish and it also freezes well. <END>
INPUT: bowls, cantaloupe melons, lime, fruit sorbet
OUTPUT: TITLE: Melon Bowls with Fruit Sorbet | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 small to medium ripe cantaloupe melons; 1 lime, juiced; 1 pint fruit sorbet (your favorite flavor) | INSTRUCTIONS: Trim a 1/2-inch from each end of both cantaloupes, then half the cantaloupe right down the middle. Scoop out all the seeds and discard. Set the melons on a sheet pan and sprinkle the inside with the lime juice. Fill the melon bowls with the fruit sorbet when you are ready to serve. <END>
INPUT: Asian, snack, puffed rice, wasabi peas, pumpkin seeds, soy nuts, vegetable oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spicy Rice and Peas Snack | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 3 cups puffed rice; 1/2 cup wasabi peas; 1/4 cup pumpkin seeds; 1/4 cup soy nuts; 1/4 cup vegetable oil; 2 tablespoons light brown sugar; 4 teaspoons soy sauce; 4 teaspoons Worcestershire sauce; 1 tablespoon sesame oil; 1 teaspoon garlic powder; 1 teaspoon grated fresh ginger root; Cayenne pepper; Preheat the oven to 250 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper | INSTRUCTIONS: Stir the puffed rice, wasabi peas, pumpkin seeds, and soy nuts together in a medium bowl. In another small bowl, whisk the vegetable oil, brown sugar, soy sauce, Worcestershire sauce, sesame oil, garlic powder, ginger, and cayenne, to taste. Pour the wet mixture over the puffed rice mixture and toss until thoroughly coated. Spread the mixture in a single layer on the prepared baking sheet. Bake until lightly browned and crisped, about 20 minutes, stirring once halfway through. Cool on the baking sheet to crisp fully. Serve at room temperature. Preheat the oven to 250 degrees F. Line a baking s <END>
INPUT: madeleines, unsalted butter, safflower petals, all purpose flour, baking powder, kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Safflower Madeleines | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 5 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1 teaspoon safflower petals; 3/4 cup all-purpose flour; 1/2 teaspoon baking powder; Pinch kosher salt; 1/2 cup sugar; 2 large eggs, room temperature; 2 tablespoons orange zest; 2 teaspoons vanilla extract; Confectioners' sugar, for dusting | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Special equipment: a large nonstick madeleine pan Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Melt the butter with the safflower petals in a small saucepan over a low flame. Set aside to cool slightly. In a small bowl whisk together the flour, baking powder and salt. In a stand mixer fitted with a whisk attachment, whip the sugar and eggs until light yellow and thick, about 3 minutes. Add the orange zest and vanilla and mix until combined, about 30 seconds. Remove the bowl from the stand mixer and use a spatula to fold in first the flour mixture and then the safflower but <END>
INPUT: chicken drumettes, Cajun pepper, chipotle pepper sauce, Honey
OUTPUT: TITLE: Hot Wings | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 10 to 12 chicken drumettes; 1 tablespoon Cajun pepper, plus more for seasoning wings; 1 bottle chipotle pepper sauce; Honey | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat a grill to medium-high. Season the wings with Cajun pepper. In a medium bowl, combine the chipotle pepper sauce with 1 tablespoon Cajun pepper, and honey, to taste. Place the wings on the grill and as you cook them, turn them and brush each time with the pepper sauce mixture. Make sure the wings cook long enough on each side so they get crispy around the edges. Remove the wings from the grill and brush again with the pepper sauce mixture before serving. <END>
INPUT: Italian, fingerlings, coarse, beef fillet, olive oil, lemons, basil leaves, Fleur de sel
OUTPUT: TITLE: Basil Beef and Fingerlings with Olive Oil and Coarse Salt | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 2 pounds beef fillet, at room temperature; 1 cup olive oil; 2 lemons (zest of 1 lemon, and the juice of 2 lemons); 1 bunch fresh basil leaves, chopped; Fleur de sel and freshly ground black pepper; Kosher salt, for the water; 2 pounds fingerling potatoes, scrubbed; Olive oil; Fleur de sel and freshly ground pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: For the beef: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Roast the meat 15 minutes in a roasting pan. Remove, and cool. Thinly slice with a sharp knife. Mix the oil, lemon zest and juice, and basil in a bowl. Toss with the meat in a glass casserole. Season the mixture with salt, and pepper, and spread the mixture out, cover, and refrigerate all day or overnight, turning once or twice. Serve at room temperature. For the potatoes: Bring a large pot of water to the boil. Salt it, as you would for pasta. Add the potatoes, and cook until tender when you test them with a fork. Drain. Toss the potatoes in ol <END>
INPUT: smoothie, Indian Alphonso mango, milk, sugar, Ice cubes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mango Smoothie | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 Indian Alphonso mango or canned pureed mangos; 10 ounces cold milk; 1 1/2 to 2 tablespoons sugar, or to taste, according to the size and sweetness of the mangos; Ice cubes, to serve | INSTRUCTIONS: Stand one of the mangos upright with the narrow end facing you. Slice off the 'cheeks' on either side of the stone and slice these in half lengthwise. Cut around the stone to take off as much flesh as possible, capturing all the running juices in a bowl. Remove the skin by peeling or cutting the fruit carefully off it. Repeat with the other mango. Discard the skin and puree the flesh and juice in a food processor or blender. Add the milk and sugar, and combine until it becomes a thick smooth mass. Transfer the liquid to a pitcher and chill the mixture until ready to drink. Add the ice cubes to <END>
INPUT: salad, shrimp, smoked tomato vinaigrette, baby spinach, plum tomatoes, sherry vinegar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Smoked Shrimp Salad With Smoked Tomato Vinaigrette | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 lbs. large shrimp, peeled, deveined and butterflied; 2/3-cup smoked tomato vinaigrette; 6 cups baby spinach; 12 large plum tomatoes; sherry vinegar, to taste; kosher salt, to taste; freshly ground black pepper, to taste; 1/2 head roasted garlic; 1/2-cup olive oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: 1 Tbs. alderwood chips SALAD: Place shrimp in stovetop smoker. Season with salt and pepper. Smoke on medium heat for 15 minutes, using maple wood chips, and set aside. Reserve 1/4-cup and toss remainder with baby spinach in a large bowl. Arrange spinach on salad plates, top with shrimp and drizzle shrimp with remaining vinaigrette before serving. VINAIGRETTE: Cut tomatoes in half and place cut side up on smoker rack. Sprinkle exposed sides with sherry vinegar, salt and pepper. Smoke for 12-15 minutes on medium low. Remove smoker from heat and let rest with lid closed for ano <END>
INPUT: pork loin chops, olive oil, onion, Marsala, hot rice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pork Marsala | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 boneless pork loin chops (about 1 1/4 pounds), trimmed; 1 tablespoon olive oil; 1 small red onion, chopped; 1/3 cup dry Marsala; 1 1/2 cups hot cooked white rice | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Place boneless pork loin chops between 2 sheets of waxed paper. Pound with meat mallet or rolling pin to 1/4-inch thickness. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Heat oil in large skillet over medium-high heat. Add pork; cook until browned on both sides and cooked through, about 6 minutes, turning once. Transfer to platter; keep warm. Add onion to the same skillet used to cook boneless pork chops. Cook onion over medium-high heat, until golden and tender, about 2 to 3 minutes. Add the Marsala to the onion; bring to boiling, scraping up any browned bits from bot <END>
INPUT: water, hulled barley, lemons, honey
OUTPUT: TITLE: Barley Water | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 quarts water; 1 cup hulled barley; 2 lemons; 1/4 cup honey | INSTRUCTIONS: Place the water and barley into a medium saucepan; cover, set over high heat and bring to a boil. Once the barley comes to a boil, decrease the heat to low and simmer for 30 minutes. While the liquid is cooking, peel the lemons, being careful not to cut into the white pith. Juice the lemons and place the juice along with the peel into a 3-quart pitcher and set aside. After 30 minutes, strain the barley water through a fine mesh strainer into the pitcher. Discard the barley. Add the honey and stir to combine. Refrigerate until chilled. <END>
INPUT: Asian, duck breasts, Salt pepper taste, shallots, ginger, honey
OUTPUT: TITLE: Seared Duck Breast with Ginger | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 4 whole duck breasts, approximately 6 to 8 ounces each; Salt and freshly ground black pepper to taste; 3 tablespoons chopped shallots; 1 tablespoon grated ginger; 2 tablespoons honey; 1/4 cup mirin (sweet sake); 1 cup hot chicken broth; 1 tablespoon light soy sauce; 1 cup finely shredded white cabbage; 2 scallions, chopped, about 1/2 cup | INSTRUCTIONS: With the point of a knife, score the skin side of the duck breasts in crosshatch pattern, being careful not to pierce the flesh of the meat. Season the duck breasts with salt and pepper. Heat a saute pan over medium heat for 2 minutes before adding the breasts, skin side down. Cook over medium to low heat for approximately 6 minutes to 8 minutes to render the fat. Before turning the breasts over, carefully remove the excess fat from the saute pan. Turn the breasts over and saute the flesh side for 3 to 4 minutes before removing the duck breasts from the pan. Add the shallots to the pan in whic <END>
INPUT: Italian, risotto, hot Italian sausages, ramps, arborio rice, vermouth
OUTPUT: TITLE: Ramp and Sausage Risotto | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons (1/4 stick) butter; 1/2 pound hot Italian sausages, casings removed; 12 ramps, trimmed; bulbs and slender stems sliced, green tops thinly sliced; 1 cup arborio rice; 1/2 cup dry vermouth; 3 cups (or more) low-salt chicken broth; 1/2 cup freshly grated Parmesan cheese plus additional for passing | INSTRUCTIONS: Melt butter in heavy large saucepan over medium heat. Add sausage. Cook until no longer pink, breaking up with spoon, about 5 minutes. Add sliced ramp bulbs and stems. Saut´ until almost tender, about 2 minutes. Add rice and stir 1 minute. Add vermouth. Simmer until liquid is absorbed, about 1 minute. Add 3 cups chicken broth, 1 cup at a time, simmering until almost absorbed before next addition and stirring often. Continue cooking until rice is just tender and risotto is creamy, adding more broth if dry and stirring often, about 18 minutes. Mix in green tops and 1/2 cup grated Parmesan cheese <END>
INPUT: dressing, Romaine lettuce, tomatoes, Cabrales cheese, oregano, garlic chives
OUTPUT: TITLE: Romaine with Cabrales Dressing and Chile Strips | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 small heads Romaine lettuce; 2 small tomatoes, cut into wedges; 2/3 cup Cabrales cheese; 1/2 bunch chopped fresh oregano; 1 bunch chopped garlic chives; Juice of one lime; 1 cup Spanish olive oil; Chile strips, recipe follows; 1 egg; 2 tablespoons water; 4 large Poblano chiles, seeded and cut into 1/2inch strips; 1/4 cup cornmeal; 1/4 cup vegetable oil; Salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Wash and pat dry lettuce leaves, then tear into pieces. Place on a platter and arrange the tomatoes on top and around the edges. To make the dressing: Place the cheese, oregano, chives, lime juice and olive oil in a blender or food processor and blend until smooth. Drizzle the dressing over the greens and tomatoes. Top with chile strips.; Whisk together the egg and water in a medium bowl. Coat the chile strips in the egg mixture, then set aside. Place the cornmeal in a bowl next to the chile strips. Heat the oil in a large heavy skillet until hot. Coat half the chile strips with cornmeal and a <END>
INPUT: jerk, nutmeg seed, cinnamon, coriander seeds, allspice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Jerk Chicken | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 nutmeg seed; 1 cinnamon stick; 1 tablespoon coriander seeds; 1 teaspoon whole cloves; 6 allspice (pimento) seeds; 1 teaspoon black peppercorns; 1 bunch scallions, chopped; 1 large onion, roughly chop; 2 to 3 Scotch bonnet peppers; 10 sprigs thyme, leaves picked; 10 garlic cloves; 1/2 cup fresh lime juice or white vinegar; 1 cup soy sauce; 1/2 cup turbinado sugar; 1 whole chicken, cut into 8 pieces | INSTRUCTIONS: In a saute pan, dry toast nutmeg, cinnamon, coriander seeds, cloves, allspice, and black peppercorns. Grind into a powder. In a food processor, puree scallions, large onion, Scotch bonnets, thyme leaves and garlic cloves. Add the ground spice mixture to the pureed vegetables. Add 1/2-cup lime juice, soy sauce, and raw sugar. Blend all ingredients well, this is the jerk marinade. Score chicken and season with salt. Spoon desired amount of jerk marinade over chicken and rub into scores. Marinate refrigerated for 2 hours to overnight. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees. Bake for 35 minutes in 350-de <END>
INPUT: brick, hearts, raspberry puree, milk chocolate, butter, raspberry flavored alcohol, corn syrup
OUTPUT: TITLE: Brick Red Raspberry Hearts | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups raspberry puree; 15 ounces milk chocolate, finely chopped; 1 1/2 tablespoons butter; 1 tablespoons raspberry flavored alcohol; 1/4 cup corn syrup; Powdered food coloring, as desired; 1 pound white chocolate, tempered | INSTRUCTIONS: Make the filling: Place the fresh raspberry puree in a pan and bring it to a boil. Pour the hot fruit puree over the chopped milk chocolate. The hot puree will melt the milk chocolate. Use a whisk to mix the chocolate and fruit puree. Add the butter and continue to whisk. Continually whisk while adding the alcohol and the corn syrup. Mix until well combined with no remaining lumps. Let this cool. Must be less than 88 degrees or it will melt the chocolate molded inside each cavity. Paint the molds: Place a few drops of color in the receptacle of the airbrush and apply color to the empty molds.  <END>
INPUT: bisque, butter, celery leaves, unpeeled Bartlett pears, dark leek tops, Turkish bay leaves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Celery and Pear Bisque | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 1/2 tablespoons butter; 6 cups thinly sliced celery with leaves (preferably organic; about 12 stalks) plus chopped leaves (for garnish); 18 ounces unpeeled ripe Bartlett pears, cored, diced (generous 3 cups) plus 1/2 cup finely diced (for garnish); 1 1/2 cups chopped dark green leek tops; 3 small Turkish bay leaves; 1 1/2 teaspoons chopped fresh thyme; 1 1/2 tablespoons all purpose flour; 3 cups (or more) low-salt chicken broth | INSTRUCTIONS: Melt butter in pot over medium-high heat. Add sliced celery, generous 3 cups diced pears, leek tops, bay leaves, and thyme. Cover; cook until celery softens, stirring occasionally, about 8 minutes. Toss in flour. Stir in 3 cups broth; bring to boil. Cover, reduce heat to medium-low, and simmer until celery is tender, about 20 minutes. Remove bay leaves from soup. Puree soup in batches in blender until smooth. Return puree to same pot. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Thin with more broth by 1/4 cupfuls, if desired. Rewarm briefly. Divide soup among bowls; garnish with 1/2 cup finely diced <END>
INPUT: breadcrumbs made from, unsalted butter, garlic, Pernod other anise, oysters
OUTPUT: TITLE: Broiled Oysters with Garlic Breadcrumbs | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup fresh breadcrumbs made from crustless white bread; 2 1/2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1/2 small garlic clove, pressed; 1/4 teaspoon Pernod or other anise-flavored liqueur (optional); 12 oysters, freshly shucked and reserved on half shell with juices; Lemon wedges | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat broiler. Place breadcrumbs in small bowl. Melt butter in small saucepan over medium heat. Mix in garlic and Pernod, if desired. Pour butter mixture over breadcrumbs; stir to combine. Place oysters in their shells on large rimmed baking sheet. Sprinkle breadcrumb mixture over. Broil until crumbs are golden, about 3 minutes. Transfer oysters in shells to plates. Serve with lemon wedges. Preheat broiler. Place breadcrumbs in small bowl. Melt butter in small saucepan over medium heat. Mix in garlic and Pernod, if desired. Pour butter mixture over breadcrumbs; stir to combine. Place oysters <END>
INPUT: biscuits, all purpose flour, sugar, baking powder, kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cream Biscuits | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 cups all-purpose flour plus more; 2 tablespoons sugar; 1 1/2 tablespoons baking powder; 1 tablespoon kosher salt; 1/2 cup (1 stick) chilled butter, cubed; 1 1/2 cups (or more) heavy cream plus more for brushing; Special equipment: A 3"-diameter biscuit cutter | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 375°F. Whisk 4 cups flour and next 3 ingredients in a large bowl. Add butter; blend with your fingers until pea-size pieces form. Add 1 1/2 cups cream; stir until dough forms, adding more cream by tablespoonfuls if dry. Transfer to a lightly floured surface; roll to 3/4" thickness. Using biscuit cutter, cut into rounds. Repeat until all dough is used. Transfer biscuits to a parchment paper-lined baking sheet. Brush tops with cream and transfer to oven. Bake until golden brown, 25-30 minutes. Serve warm with Tomato and Crawfish gravies . Preheat oven to 375°F. Whisk 4 cups flour <END>
INPUT: crusted, Leaves from thyme, coarse sea salt, Water, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Salt-Crusted Rockfish with Arugula | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 (3-pound) whole rockfish, scaled, with fins removed (known in Spanish as Besugo); Leaves from 2 sprigs fresh thyme; 4 pounds coarse sea salt; Water, as needed; Freshly ground pepper, as needed; Spanish extra-virgin olive oil, as needed; 1 pound arugula; Fleur de sel, garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Make the Rockfish: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F. In a bowl, combine the rosemary, thyme, and salt with enough water to form a paste. Spread a layer of the salt paste, about half of it, on the bottom of a baking dish. Place snapper on top of the salt paste. Carefully spread the remaining salt paste over top of the snapper, being careful to cover it completely. Bake fish for 25 minutes. Meanwhile, make the arugula: Heat a small amount of the olive oil in a skillet over high heat. Quickly saute the arugula until wilted. Sprinkle with salt, to taste, and set aside. To Serve: Break the salt cr <END>
INPUT: roast, gravy, butter, parsley, garlic, thyme, rosemary
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roast Turkey with Porcini Mushroom Gravy | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup butter, room temperature; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley; 2 teaspoons chopped garlic; 2 teaspoons chopped fresh thyme; 2 teaspoons chopped fresh rosemary; 1 20- to 22-pound turkey; 4 large plum tomatoes, chopped; 1/2 cup canned low-salt chicken broth; 5 cups (about) canned low-salt chicken broth; 3/4 ounce dried porcini mushrooms; 4 tablespoons (1/2 stick) butter; 2 tablespoons all purpose flour; 1 1/2 cups dry white wine; 1 tablespoon chopped garlic; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh parsley | INSTRUCTIONS: Make turkey: Preheat oven to 375°F. Blend first 5 ingredients in small bowl. Rinse turkey inside and out; pat dry. Place turkey on rack in large roasting pan. Starting at neck end, slide hand between skin and breast meat to loosen skin. Spread seasoned butter over breast meat under skin. Sprinkle turkey inside and out with salt and pepper. If stuffing turkey, spoon stuffing loosely into main cavity. Tuck wing tips under turkey; tie legs together. Roast turkey 1 hour. Add tomatoes to pan. Roast 1 1/2 hours longer, stirring tomatoes occasionally. Pour broth into pan. Cover turkey loosely with fo <END>
INPUT: Asian, curried, soup, garlic, vegetable oil, curry powder, chicken broth, two unsweetened coconut
OUTPUT: TITLE: Curried Chicken Coconut Noodle Soup | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 2 garlic cloves, minced; 2 tablespoons vegetable oil; 4 tablespoons curry powder; 3 cups chicken broth; two 14-ounce cans unsweetened coconut milk*; 1 cup water; 2 stalks of lemongrass*, the outer leaves discarded, ends trimmed, and 5 inches of the lower stalks minced; ten 1/8-inch-thick slices of peeled fresh gingerroot; 1 teaspoon black peppercorns; 1 whole chicken breast with skin and bones (about 1 pound); 1/2 pound dried rice-stick noodles* (rice vermicelli); 6 tablespoons fresh lime juice; 6 tablespoons Asian fish sauce such as nuoc mam*; 1/3 cup chopped fresh coriander; Asian chili oil* to taste if desired | INSTRUCTIONS: In a heavy saucepan cook the garlic in the vegetable oil over moderately low heat, stirring, until it is fragrant, add the curry powder, and cook the mixture, stirring, for 30 seconds. Stir in the broth, the coconut milk, the water, the lemongrass, the gingerroot, and the peppercorns and bring the mixture to a boil. Add the chicken and poach it at a bare simmer for 20 minutes, or until it is cooked through. Transfer the chicken with a slotted spoon to a bowl and let it cool, keeping the poaching mixture warm. While the chicken is cooling, in a large bowl soak the noodles in warm water to cover <END>
INPUT: Mexican, margarita, DeKuyper® Peachtree, DeKuyper® Triple Sec, Tequila, Lime Juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Peach Margarita | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2 Parts DeKuyper® Peachtree; 1 Part DeKuyper® Triple Sec; 2 Parts Tequila (we recommend Sauza®); 1 Part Lime Juice | INSTRUCTIONS: By the glass: Add ingredients to an ice-filled shaker. Shake and strain into an ice-filled margarita glass. Optional: Garnish with lime wedge &/or salt. By the pitcher: Stir gently in a pitcher and serve in an ice-filled margarita glass. Optional: Garnish with lime wedge &/or salt. Drink smart® DeKuyper® Cordials & Liqueurs, 15%-50% ALC./VOL. ©2012 John DeKuyper & Son, Frankfort - Clermont, KY Sauza® Tequila, 40% ALC./VOL. ©2011 Sauza Tequila Import Company, Deerfield, IL <END>
INPUT: breakfast, bowl, mixed berries, hemp hearts, almonds, quinoa
OUTPUT: TITLE: Breakfast Bowl With Quinoa and Berries | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 cups mixed berries (raspberries, strawberries, blueberries, blackberries); 2 tablespoons hemp hearts (available in the natural section of most supermarkets in a variety of brands); 20 whole almonds, toasted and chopped; 1/4 cup cooked quinoa | INSTRUCTIONS: Divide the berries equally among four bowls. Place the remaining ingredients in another bowl, and toss to combine. Sprinkle the mixture over each of the four bowls and serve. Divide the berries equally among four bowls. Place the remaining ingredients in another bowl, and toss to combine. Sprinkle the mixture over each of the four bowls and serve. <END>
INPUT: gravy, sage, thyme, virgin olive oil, Kosher salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roast Loin of Pork with Baked Apples and Cider Gravy | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 (5 pound) pork loin roasts, rib bones attached, back bone (chine) removed; Small bunch sage, leaves chopped; Small bunch thyme, leaves chopped; 1 1/2 cups extra-virgin olive oil; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 3 tablespoons all-purpose flour; 1 (12-ounce) bottle hard cider; 1 cup chicken broth; 1 lemon, juiced optional; 8 Gala or Golden Delicious apples; 1 lemon, juiced; 1/4 cup (1/2 stick) unsalted butter, at room temperature; 1 or 2 large corn muffins crumbled (1/2 cup), reserve some for sprinkling on apples; 1/2 cup golden raisins; 6 sage leaves, chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Place the pork roast in a roasting pan with the ribs facing up, braced against each other. Add sage and thyme to olive oil. Brush the pork roasts with oil mixture and season with a generous amount of salt and pepper. Roast the pork loin for 2 1/2 hours, until the skin is crackled. (Put the apples in the oven along with the pork roast in the last half hour of cooking.) Remove the pork roast to a cutting board and let it rest for 15 minutes before carving. Pour out some of the excess fat from the roasting pan and put it on the stove over medium-high heat. Sprin <END>
INPUT: campfire, pinto beans, ham hock, garlic, bell peppers, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Campfire Beans | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 cups dried pinto beans; 1 whole ham hock; 4 cloves garlic, minced; 2 red bell peppers, diced; 1 whole onion, diced; 2 teaspoons chili powder; 2 teaspoons ground black pepper; 1 1/2 teaspoons salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Rinse the beans under cold water, sorting out any rocks or particles. Place the beans in a stockpot with the ham hock and cover with water by 2 inches. Bring to a boil, and then reduce to a simmer. Cover the pot and simmer for 2 hours, checking occasionally to make sure the water level is fine. Add more water as needed. Throw in the garlic, red bell peppers and onions. Cover and continue cooking for another hour or two, remembering to check the water level. Add the chili powder, black pepper, and salt (or more to taste). Then cover and cook until the beans are lo <END>
INPUT: sweet onion, olive oil bacon, okra, tomatoes, Salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Okra and Tomatoes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup finely chopped sweet white onion; 2 tablespoons olive oil or bacon grease; 2 cups chopped fresh okra; 3 medium fresh tomatoes, peeled and chopped; Salt; Freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Saute the onion in the oil over medium heat until softened. Add the okra and the tomatoes with all their juice. Cover and simmer over low heat for 15 minutes. Add salt to taste, and simmer, covered, for 5 minutes more. Top with a dash of pepper just before serving. <END>
INPUT: duck breasts, salt, pepper, sage, Wild Rice Stuffing
OUTPUT: TITLE: Boneless Duck Breast with Cumberland Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 boneless duck breasts; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 1/4 teaspoon pepper; 1 tablespoon ground sage; Wild Rice Stuffing, recipe follows; Cumberland Sauce, recipe follows; 1/2 cup wild rice; 1 1/2 cups chicken stock; 1/2 onion, dice small; 1 cup thickly sliced mushrooms; 3 stalks celery (remove leaves), cut into small dice; 1 cup seedless grapes; 1/4 cup dry sherry; 1/2 teaspoon salt; Dash pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Rub duck breasts with salt, pepper, and ground sage. Grill on each side for 6 to 7 minutes. Serve sliced over Wild Rice Stuffing. Serve with Cumberland Sauce on the side. Boil rice in stock until cooked but not too mushy. Drain. In a separate pan, saute vegetables in butter. Combine rice, Sauteed vegetables, grapes, sherry, and seasoning. Scald rinds and their juice in boiling water for 1 minute. Set aside. Heat jelly, port, vinegar, mustard, sugar, salt, and pepper in a pot, stirring until bubbling. Add the scalded juice and rind to the sauce. Add the cornstarch mixture and let boil and thick <END>
INPUT: italian, lemon, sized cantaloupes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cantaloupe Italian Ice | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 quart (32 ounces) water; 1 pound, 4 ounces sugar; 1 lemon, juiced; 2 medium-sized ripe cantaloupes | INSTRUCTIONS: Dissolve sugar and water in a 2-quart saucepan over medium-high heat. Bring to a boil and cook for 2 minutes. Remove from the heat and cool. Peel and seed the cantaloupes. Cut into 2-inch pieces. Puree in a food processor. Strain through a medium sieve. Mix strained cantaloupe juice, sugar syrup, and lemon juice with a wire whisk. Pour into an ice cream machine. Add some cantaloupe pulp, if desired. Freeze to a smooth consistency, according to manufacturer's directions. Serving suggestion: You may wish to place in the freezer compartment of your refrigerator for a few hours to harden. Serve in <END>
INPUT: vegetable oil, self rising buttermilk, sweet onion, pepper Jack cheese, broccoli florets
OUTPUT: TITLE: Broccoli Cornbread | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons vegetable oil; 1 1/2 cups self-rising buttermilk cornbread mix; 1/2 cup chopped sweet onion, such as Vidalia; 10 ounces pepper Jack cheese, grated; 8 ounces fresh broccoli florets, chopped (about 2 cups); 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 1 jalapeno pepper, seeded and chopped; 1 cup sour cream; 3/4 cup buttermilk; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Special equipment: a 9-inch well-seasoned cast-iron skillet Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Pour the vegetable oil in a 9-inch cast-iron skillet that has been well seasoned to prevent sticking. Combine the cornbread mix, onion, cheese, broccoli, black pepper and jalapeno in a large bowl. Stir in the sour cream, buttermilk and melted butter to make a thick batter. Heat the oil in the skillet over medium heat until hot and shimmering. Spoon in the batter, spreading it to the edges. The oil will come up around the edges of the batter. Spread it over the top of th <END>
INPUT: avgolemono, sauce, lemon juice, parsley, lemon peel, garlic, olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken Fricassée with Carrots, Mustard Greens and Avgolemono Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup fresh lemon juice; 3 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley; 1 1/2 teaspoons grated lemon peel; 1 1/2 teaspoons minced garlic; 7 tablespoons olive oil; 2 3 1/2-pound chickens, each cut into 8 pieces; 2 cups chopped peeled carrots; 4 large garlic cloves, thinly sliced; 1 1/2 teaspoons dried oregano; 1 cup dry white wine; 3 1/2 cups chicken stock or canned low-salt chicken broth; 2 bunches mustard greens, trimmed, cut into 1/2-inch-wide strips; 3 green onions, chopped; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh dill; 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard | INSTRUCTIONS: Make chicken: Mix 1/4 cup lemon juice, 2 tablespoons parsley, lemon peel and minced garlic in large glass baking dish. Whisk in 6 tablespoons oil. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Add chicken. Turn to coat. Cover and refrigerate chicken overnight, turning once. Preheat oven to 400°F. Remove chicken from marinade. Pat chicken dry with paper towels. Sprinkle with salt and pepper. Heat 1 tablespoon oil in heavy large ovenproof pot over medium-high heat. Working in batches, cook chicken until brown on all sides, about 10 minutes. Transfer chicken to large bowl. Add carrots, sliced garlic and  <END>
INPUT: sauce, all purpose flour, turkey cutlets, olive oil, shallot, wine
OUTPUT: TITLE: Turkey Cutlets in Anchovy-Butter Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/3 cup all-purpose flour; 1 1/2 pounds turkey cutlets; 3 tablespoons olive oil; 1 large shallot, finely chopped; 1 cup dry white wine; 2 teaspoons anchovy paste; 3 tablespoons unsalted butter; 2 tablespoons chopped chives | INSTRUCTIONS: Stir together flour and 1/2 teaspoon each of salt and pepper on a plate. Pat cutlets dry, then dredge in flour, shaking off excess. Heat oil in a large heavy skillet over medium-high heat until it shimmers, then sauté turkey in 2 batches, turning once, until golden and cooked through, 3 to 4 minutes per batch. Transfer to a plate and keep warm, loosely covered with foil. Brown shallot in fat remaining in skillet, stirring frequently, about 2 minutes. Add wine and boil, stirring and scraping up brown bits, until reduced to about 1/3 cup, about 3 minutes. Remove from heat and whisk in anchovy pa <END>
INPUT: pilaf, virgin olive oil, pine nuts, garlic, lemon zest, thyme
OUTPUT: TITLE: Wild Rice Pilaf with Nuts and Lemon | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil; 1/4 cup pine nuts; 2 to 3 cloves garlic, smashed; 1 to 2 strips lemon zest; 3 sprigs fresh thyme; 1 cup wild rice, preferably whole not broken; 4 cups low-sodium chicken broth; 2 teaspoons kosher salt, plus extra for seasoning; 1 bunch scallions (white and green), thinly sliced (3/4 cup); Freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat the olive oil in a small saucepan over medium heat. Add the pine nuts, garlic, zest, and thyme, swirl the pan until the nuts and garlic are beginning to brown, about 2 minutes. Add the wild rice and cook, stirring with a wooden spoon, until lightly toasted, about 1 minute tops. Stir in the chicken broth and salt. Bring to a boil. Reduce heat to a rapid simmer and cook, stirring occasionally, for 45 minutes to 1 hour. Check the texture of the rice and, if needed, continue simmering until tender. Add more liquid as needed, another 10 to 15 minutes. (Note: The rice should only just begin to  <END>
INPUT: riberena, asturian, salmon fillets, Salt pepper, Flour, olive oil, butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Salmon a la Riberena (Salmon Asturian Style) | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 salmon fillets, each weighing 7 ounces; Salt and pepper; Flour for, coating; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 2 tablespoons butter; 2 1/2 ounces air-dried Serrano ham; 1/4 cup fish stock; 1/2 cup sidra or apple cider | INSTRUCTIONS: Rinse the salmon fillets, pat them dry, and season with salt and pepper. Turn them in the flour and shake off any excess. Heat the olive oil and butter in a skillet and fry the salmon for about 5 minutes on each side on a medium heat. Lift from the skillet and keep warm. Cut the ham into fine strips and fry it in the oil. Deglaze the skillet with the fish stock and sidra and leave it to reduce by at least half. Place the salmon fillets on a preheated serving dish and pour over the sauce. Serve with small roasted Yukon Gold potatoes in their skins and thick-sliced broiled beefsteak tomatoes, ac <END>
INPUT: salad, orange zest, orange juice, olive oil, fennel bulb, watercress
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fennel and Watercress Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 teaspoon freshly grated orange zest; 2 teaspoons fresh orange juice; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1/2 fennel bulb, sliced thin lengthwise; 2 cups watercress sprigs, the coarse stems discarded and the springs washed and spun dry | INSTRUCTIONS: In a bowl whisk the zest and the orange juice with salt to taste, whisking until the salt is dissolved, add the oil in a stream, whisking, and whisk the dressing until it is emulsified. In another bowl toss the fennel with half the dressing until it is coated well. Add the watercress to the remaining dressing, toss it until it is just coated well, and divide it between 2 plates, mounding the fennel in the middle. In a bowl whisk the zest and the orange juice with salt to taste, whisking until the salt is dissolved, add the oil in a stream, whisking, and whisk the dressing until it is emulsifie <END>
INPUT: ribs, beef, coarse salt, water, all purpose flour, egg whites, prime roast
OUTPUT: TITLE: Salt Roasted Prime Ribs of Beef | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 12 cups coarse salt; 3 cups water; 3 cups all-purpose flour; 3 egg whites, lightly whisked; 8 to 10 pound prime rib roast; 1 1/2 tablespoons fresh rosemary leaves; 1 1/2 tablespoons fresh thyme leaves; 1 cup cracked black peppercorns | INSTRUCTIONS: Position an oven rack in the center of the oven and preheat to 325 degrees F. In a bowl stir the salt and water together and add flour for some extra binding. Froth up the egg whites with a fork, add to the salt and flour and blend until the mixture forms a stiff paste resembling wet snow while holding its shape when you squeeze it together. Spread the mixture to form a salt bed in the bottom of a large roasting pan, and lay the roast on top, fat-side down. Cover it all over with the rosemary, thyme and cracked black peppercorns, pressing into the roast to make sure it adheres well. Coat it co <END>
INPUT: Mexican, milk, water, quick grits, smoked Gouda cheese, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sauteed Smoked Gouda Cheese Grits with Black Bean Salsa | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups milk; 3/4 cup water; 3/4 cup quick-cooking grits, uncooked; 3/4 cup chopped smoked Gouda cheese; 1/2 teaspoon salt, plus 2 tablespoons salt; 3 tablespoons butter, divided; 2 cups all-purpose flour; 2 teaspoons black pepper; 1 cup beer; 1 tablespoon olive oil; Black Bean Salsa, recipe follows; 1/2 cup sour cream; 1 medium tomato, seeded and diced; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley leaves; 2 tablespoons chopped green onions | INSTRUCTIONS: Stir together milk and 3/4 cup water in a 1 1/2-quart saucepan over medium-high heat; bring to a boil. Stir in grits, cheese, and 1/2 teaspoon salt. Cook, stirring constantly, 9 minutes or until thickened. Stir in 2 tablespoons butter. Pour grits into a lightly greased 11 by 7-inch baking dish. Cover and chill 3 hours or until firm. Combine flour, 2 tablespoons salt, and pepper in a shallow dish. Pour beer into a small bowl. Cut grits into 2-inch squares. Dip grits squares into beer; dredge in flour mixture, repeating procedure twice. Melt 1 tablespoon butter in a large skillet over medium hea <END>
INPUT: angel, food, self rising flour, sifted unsweetened Dutch, sugar, egg whites, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cocoa Angel Food Cake with Orange Glaze | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup self-rising flour; 1/3 cup sifted unsweetened Dutch-process cocoa powder such as Droste (sift before measuring); 1 1/4 cups sugar; 1 1/2 cups egg whites (from 10 to 11 large eggs); 1/4 teaspoon salt; 2 teaspoons vanilla; Orange Glaze | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 325°F. and have ready an ungreased 10-inch tube pan (about 4 inched deep) with a removable bottom. In a small bowl whisk together flour, cocoa powder, and 1/2 cup sugar. In a large bowl with an electric mixer beat whites with salt on medium speed until white, opaque, and beginning to hold their shape. Gradually add the remaining 3/4 cup sugar, beating at high speed until whites hold soft (not stiff), slightly glossy peaks. Beat in vanilla. Sift one third cocoa mixture over whites and fold in gently but thoroughly, scraping bottom of bowl to prevent lumps. Sift and fold in remai <END>
INPUT: trifle, milk, pumpkin pie spice, boxes vanilla pudding, pumpkin puree, loaf brioche
OUTPUT: TITLE: Brioche and Pumpkin Pudding Trifle | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 cups cold milk; 1 teaspoon pumpkin pie spice; 2 boxes instant vanilla pudding mix; One 15-ounce can pumpkin puree; 1 loaf brioche, cut into small cubes; 1/4 cup French herbal liqueur, such as B and B or Benedictine; 1 cup sour cream; 1/4 cup honey; 1/4 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1/4 cup butterscotch chips | INSTRUCTIONS: In a medium bowl, whisk the milk, pumpkin pie spice, pudding mix and pumpkin puree until the pudding thickens, 2 minutes. Set aside. Place the brioche in a shallow bowl. Pour the liqueur over and let soak for 2 to 3 minutes. In a small bowl, mix the sour cream, honey and cinnamon until well blended. In a trifle dish, layer half of the brioche, then half of the pudding, then the remaining brioche and the remaining pudding so that there are 2 layers of each. Top with a dollop of the sour cream mixture and sprinkle with the butterscotch chips. <END>
INPUT: tomatoes, olive oil, wine vinegar, anchovies, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tuna Stuffed Tomatoes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 medium tomatoes; 2 tablespoons olive oil, plus more if needed; 2 tablespoons white wine vinegar; 1 tablespoon finely minced anchovies; 1 clove garlic, minced; One 8-ounce jar Italian tuna packed in oil, drained and flaked; 1/2 cup 1/2-inch diced English cucumber; 1/2 cup fresh parsley leaves, roughly chopped; 1/4 cup kalamata olives, halved; 1/4 cup seeded 1/2-inch diced tomatoes; 2 tablespoons capers, finely minced; 2 tablespoons 1/4-inch diced red onion; 1/2 teaspoon shallots, finely minced; Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper; Toasted Garlic and Herb Breadcrumbs, recipe follows | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Cut off the top 1/2-inch from the core side of the tomatoes. Using a spoon, scoop out the seeds and flesh surrounding them, leaving the exterior intact in a bowl shape. In a small bowl, mix together the olive oil, vinegar, anchovies and garlic. Doing this will help disperse the anchovies evenly with the rest of the mixture. In a separate bowl, combine the tuna, cucumbers, parsley, olives, tomatoes, capers, onions and shallots. Season with salt and pepper and dress in the anchovy mixture. Add more olive oil as needed to moisten the mixture, but it should not be we <END>
INPUT: hole, benedict, plum tomatoes, garlic, canola oil, Kosher salt pepper, egg yolks
OUTPUT: TITLE: Eggs-in-a-Hole Benedict with Roasted Garlic and Tomato Hollandaise | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 plum tomatoes, halved and seeded; 2 cloves garlic, smashed; 1 tablespoon canola oil; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 large egg yolks; 1 tablespoon freshly squeezed lemon juice; 1 stick (8 tablespoons) unsalted butter, melted; 2 teaspoons canola oil; 4 slices Canadian bacon; 4 English muffins, split; 3 tablespoons unsalted butter; 4 large eggs; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: a 2-inch cookie or biscuit cutter For the roasted garlic and tomato hollandaise: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Toss the tomatoes and garlic with the oil in a medium bowl and season with salt and pepper. Put on a baking sheet and roast until the tomatoes and garlic are soft and the liquid has evaporated, about 30 minutes. Let cool slightly. Combine the egg yolks and lemon juice in a blender and blend until smooth. With the motor running, slowly add the melted butter and continue blending until emulsified. Add the tomato-garlic mixture and blend until smooth. Cover and ke <END>
INPUT: pastrami, turkey breast, water, dark sugar, kosher salt, Juniper berries
OUTPUT: TITLE: Turkey Pastrami | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 5 pounds fresh turkey breast; 3 cups water; 1/4 cup dark brown sugar; 1/4 cup kosher salt; 1/4 cup crushed Juniper berries; 1/4 cup freshly cracked black peppercorns; 8 cloves fresh garlic, smashed; Pinch red pepper flakes; 1/2 cup juniper berries; 1/4 cup black black peppercorns; 1/4 cup dark brown sugar; 1 teaspoon red pepper flakes; 1 cup hickory chips | INSTRUCTIONS: In a medium saucepan, combine water, sugar and spices. Heat until sugar and salt are dissolved. Cool. When cool, place turkey breast and brine in a 1 gallon resealable bag. Double the bag and place in shallow pan in refrigerator for 2 to 3 days. (Just in case of leaking, check occasionally.) After desired brine time, remove breast from brine and rinse well. Dry breast well and prepare rub. Pulse all in a spice grinder or food processor Apply rub to breast, cover tightly and refrigerate for 24 hours Take a large sheet of heavy duty aluminum foil (about 2 feet long) fold in half, fold in half ag <END>
INPUT: fritters, sweet potatoes, free range eggs, coconut oil, cider vinegar, avocado
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sweet Potato Fritters With Poached Eggs and Avocado | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 small sweet potatoes, peeled and grated; 3 free-range eggs; 2 tsp coconut oil; 1 tsp cider vinegar; 1/2 ripe avocado, pit removed; Sea salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Break one egg into a mixing bowl and whisk. Add the sweet potato, one teaspoon of the coconut oil and a good pinch of salt and pepper and mix until completely combined. Using your hands, take a handful of the sweet potato mixture and form six palm-sized balls. Place in a hot frying pan with the remaining coconut oil, flattening gently as they cook to make a patty. Cook until golden then transfer to two plates. Meanwhile, bring a large, wide pan of water with the cider vinegar to the boil. Turn the heat right down so it is very gently simmering and break the remaining eggs into the water to poa <END>
INPUT: Asian, open, faced, rice wine vinegar, slivered almonds, light soy sauce, ginger, honey
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tuna Avocado Open-Faced Sandwiches with Crunchy Slaw and Five-Spice Oranges | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons rice wine vinegar, plus more for drizzling; 2 tablespoons toasted slivered almonds; 3 teaspoons light soy sauce; 1 teaspoon grated ginger; 1 teaspoon honey; 4 scallions, chopped; Freshly ground black pepper; 4 cups prepared coleslaw mix; 3 tablespoons light mayonnaise; 1 1/2 teaspoons toasted sesame oil; Two 5-ounce cans solid white tuna packed in water, drained; 4 slices whole wheat bread, lightly toasted; 1 firm-ripe avocado; 1/2 cup alfalfa or broccoli sprouts; 3 oranges, cut into wedges | INSTRUCTIONS: Whisk together 2 tablespoons of the vinegar, the almonds, 1 teaspoon soy sauce, the ginger, honey, half of the scallions and some pepper. Toss with the coleslaw mix and set aside. Mix together the remaining scallions, vinegar and soy sauce, the mayonnaise, sesame oil, tuna and some pepper. Divide evenly among the slices of bread. Cut the avocado into thin slices, and fan a quarter of avocado across each sandwich. Garnish with the sprouts. Drizzle lightly with vinegar and sprinkle with pepper. Toss the oranges with the five-spice. Divide the sandwiches, slaw and oranges evenly among four plates <END>
INPUT: popovers, olive oil, shallots, Salt pepper, rosemary, aged Cheddar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Caramelized Shallot Popovers | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons olive oil; 3 shallots, minced; Salt and freshly ground pepper; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh rosemary; 1 cup grated aged Cheddar; 1/4 cup bacon fat or duck fat, melted; 2 cups flour; 1 teaspoon salt; 2 cups milk; 4 eggs, at room temperature | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F. For the garnish: In a skillet, heat the oil on medium heat and cook the shallots until caramelized, about 10 minutes. Season with salt and pepper. Set aside. For the popovers: Place 6 ramekins on a baking tray and put a spoonful of duck fat into each ramekin. Place the tray in the oven and let warm for about 5 minutes so that the fat melts, but doesn't burn. Meanwhile, mix the flour and salt in a bowl. In a saucepan, heat the milk on low heat for about 5 minutes. In a large bowl, whisk the eggs until they get very frothy, 2 to 3 minutes. Slowly add the hot mi <END>
INPUT: French, sauce, chicken, vegetable oil, shallots, wine, reduced sodium chicken
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Chicken with Dijon Sauce | CUISINE: French | INGREDIENTS: 3 pounds chicken parts (thighs, drumsticks, and/or breasts), with skin and bones; 1 tablespoon vegetable oil; 2 small shallots, thinly sliced; 3/4 cup dry white wine; 3/4 cup reduced-sodium chicken broth; 1/4 cup heavy cream; 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard; 1 tablespoon finely chopped chives | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 450F with rack in middle. Pat chicken dry and sprinkle with 1 1/4 teaspoons salt and 1/2 teaspoon pepper. Heat oil in an ovenproof 12-inch heavy skillet over medium-high heat until it shimmers. Working in 2 batches, brown chicken, skin side down first and turning once, about 5 minutes per batch. Return all chicken, skin side up, to skillet and roast in oven until just cooked through, 15 to 20 minutes. Transfer chicken to a platter, then add shallots, wine, and broth to pan juices in skillet and boil, scraping up any brown bits, until reduced by half, 2 to 3 minutes. Add cream a <END>
INPUT: vinaigrette, Olive oil, Heinz, Heinz® Gourmet Wine, Lea Perrins® Roasted, Sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Heinz 57 Vinaigrette | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup Olive oil; 1/2 cup Heinz 57®; 1/2 cup Heinz® Gourmet Red Wine Vinegar; 4 tsp. Lea & Perrins® Roasted Garlic Worcestershire Sauce *; 3 Tbsp. Sugar; 2 tsp. Chopped fresh chives | INSTRUCTIONS: In a medium bowl, whisk together oil, Heinz 57®, Vinegar, Worcestershire Sauce and sugar. Season with salt and pepper to taste if desired. Stir in chives. Cover and allow to rest at room temperature for 30 to 60 minutes before serving. Serve with your favorite salad greens. TIP: If preferred, place all ingredients in leak-proof jar or container, and shake vigorously until well mixed. * TIP: If desired, substitute Lea & Perrins® Roasted Garlic Worcestershire Sauce with Lea & Perrins® Worcestershire Sauce. <END>
INPUT: cakes, remoulade, heavy cream, garlic, rosemary, sweet paprika, peanut oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Crab Cakes with Remoulade Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups heavy cream; 3 cloves garlic, minced; 2 sprigs fresh rosemary; 1 tablespoon sweet paprika; 2 tablespoons peanut oil; 3/4 cup brunoised red onion; 1/2 cup brunoised red bell pepper; 1/2 cup brunoised yellow bell pepper; 2 eggs, lightly beaten; 1 pound lump crab meat; 2 fresh jalapeno chiles, brunoised; 2 tablespoons minced fresh basil leaves; 2 tablespoons minced fresh parsley leaves; 1 tablespoon minced fresh tarragon leaves; 2 cups panko (Japanese bread crumbs), ground to a mealy consistency, divided | INSTRUCTIONS: In a saucepan, combine the heavy cream, garlic, rosemary, and paprika. Reduce by half. Allow to cool to room temperature. In a saute pan, heat the peanut oil. Sweat the onions and bell peppers until glossy. Transfer to a plate and allow to cool to room temperature. Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. In a mixing bowl, combine the eggs, crab, jalapeno, basil, parsley, tarragon, 1 cup of ground panko, salt, white pepper, reduced cream, and Sauteed vegetables. Carefully mix until well blended. Scale the mixture into 3-ounce portions. Shape into round, slightly flattened cakes, about 3-inch diameter by <END>
INPUT: spiced, Kosher salt pepper, allspice, turmeric, virgin olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spiced Chicken with Apples | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 skinless, boneless chicken breasts (about 6 ounces each); Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper; 1/2 teaspoon ground allspice; 1/4 teaspoon turmeric; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil plus 2 teaspoons; 2 Gala apples, cut into wedges; 1 red onion, sliced; Juice of 1 lemon; 1/2 cup low-sodium chicken broth; 1 tablespoon honey; 2 cloves garlic, minced; 1 bunch Swiss chard, chopped (stems and leaves separated) | INSTRUCTIONS: Season the chicken with 1/2 teaspoon salt, a few grinds of pepper, the allspice and turmeric. Heat 1 tablespoon olive oil in a large nonstick skillet over medium-high heat. Add the chicken and cook until browned, 3 to 4 minutes per side. Transfer to a plate; set aside. Add the apples, onion and a pinch of salt to the skillet. Cook, stirring occasionally, until softened and lightly browned, about 4 minutes. Add the lemon juice to the skillet and cook, scraping up any browned bits, 30 seconds. Add the chicken broth and honey. Bring to a boil, then reduce the heat to maintain a simmer. Arrange th <END>
INPUT: spanish, spring onions scallions, virgin olive oil, Kosher salt pepper, cumin, smoked paprika
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spanish Pork with Chickpeas | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 bunches spring onions or scallions, halved lengthwise; 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper; 1 teaspoon ground cumin; 1 teaspoon smoked paprika (hot or sweet); 1 large pork tenderloin (about 1 1/2 pounds); 2 cloves garlic, thinly sliced; 1 15-ounce can diced tomatoes, drained, juices reserved; 1 15-ounce can chickpeas (do not drain); 1 cup jarred roasted red peppers, drained and sliced; 1 tablespoon almond butter; 1 teaspoon sherry vinegar or red wine vinegar; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh oregano | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the broiler. Toss the spring onions with 1 tablespoon olive oil and 1/2 teaspoon salt on a baking sheet; season with pepper. Broil, turning, until charred, 8 to 10 minutes (5 minutes for scallions). Meanwhile, combine the cumin, paprika and 1/2 teaspoon each salt and pepper in a bowl. Make a deep cut lengthwise down the center of the pork, cutting about halfway through. Open the pork like a book; cut crosswise into 4 pieces and season with the spice mixture. Heat 1 tablespoon olive oil in a large Dutch oven over medium-high heat. Add the pork and cook until browned on the bottom, 5 min <END>
INPUT: American, russian, salad, marble rye bread, virgin olive oil, Kosher salt pepper, ketchup, mayonnaise
OUTPUT: TITLE: Russian Roast Beef Salad | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 6 slices marble rye bread, cut into 1/2-inch pieces; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper; 1/2 cup ketchup; 1/2 cup mayonnaise; 1/4 cup finely chopped sweet gherkins and 2 tablespoons juice from the jar, plus 12 whole gherkins; 1 small head Boston lettuce, torn into bite-size pieces; 1 small head iceberg lettuce, torn into bite-size pieces; 1 bunch scallions, sliced; 1/2 English cucumber, cut into 1/2-inch pieces; 3/4 pound deli-sliced roast beef, cut into strips; 1/4 pound deli-sliced jarlsberg cheese, cut into strips; 1 cup shredded red cabbage | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Make the croutons: Toss the bread cubes with the olive oil and season with salt and pepper. Spread on a baking sheet and toast in the oven until slightly golden, 8 to 10 minutes. Meanwhile, whisk the ketchup, mayonnaise and chopped gherkins and juice in a medium bowl. Season with salt and pepper and whisk in 1 to 2 tablespoons water to thin slightly, if desired. Divide the Boston and iceberg lettuce among bowls and top with the scallions, cucumber, roast beef, cheese, cabbage, croutons and whole gherkins. Drizzle each salad with 1/4 cup dressing. Serve with m <END>
INPUT: mousse, dark, imported chocolate, whipping cream, light corn syrup, bittersweet, mint
OUTPUT: TITLE: White Chocolate Mousse with Dark Chocolate Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 8 ounces imported white chocolate (such as Lindt), chopped; 1 cup plus 6 tablespoons chilled whipping cream; 4 tablespoons light corn syrup; 3 ounces bittersweet (not unsweetened) or semisweet chocolate, chopped; Fresh mint sprigs (optional) | INSTRUCTIONS: Stir white chocolate, 1/4 cup cream and 2 tablespoons syrup in heavy small saucepan over low heat until chocolate is melted and smooth. Pour into medium bowl; cool to barely lukewarm. Using electric mixer, beat 3/4 cup cream in medium bowl to medium-firm peaks. Fold cream into white chocolate mixture in 2 batches. Divide mousse among 4 custard cups. Cover and refrigerate until firm, about 4 hours. (Can be prepared 2 days ahead.) Bring remaining 6 tablespoons cream and remaining 2 tablespoons corn syrup to simmer in heavy small saucepan over high heat. Reduce heat to low; add bittersweet chocol <END>
INPUT: city style, mustard, dark sugar, bourbon, ginger snap cookies
OUTPUT: TITLE: City Ham | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 city style (brined) ham, hock end*; 1/4 cup brown mustard; 2 cups dark brown sugar; 1-ounce bourbon (poured into a spritz bottle); 2 cups crushed ginger snap cookies | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Heat oven to 250 degrees F. Remove ham from bag, rinse and drain thoroughly. Place ham, cut side down, in a roasting pan. Using a small paring knife or clean utility knife set to the smallest blade setting, score the ham from bottom to top, spiraling clockwise as you cut. (If you're using a paring knife, be careful to only cut through the skin and first few layers of fat). Rotate the ham after each cut so that the scores are no more than 2-inches across. Once you've made it all the way around, move the knife to the other hand and repeat, spiraling counter clockwi <END>
INPUT: sauce, Anjou Comice pears, apples, lemon juice, apple juice, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pear Apple Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 Anjou or Comice pears (slightly underripe), peeled and cut into large pieces; 4 apples (a combination of Granny Smith, McIntosh, and Golden Delicious); 2 to 3 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 1 cup apple juice; 1/2 cup sugar; 1 teaspoon finely grated lemon zest | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. Core, peel, and cut the pears and apples into large chunks. In a large, heavy pot, toss with lemon juice to prevent discoloration. 2. Combine the pears and apples with the remaining ingredients and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat and simmer, partially covered, for 15 minutes or until the fruit is tender but not mushy. 3. Uncover the pot, stir and cook 5 minutes more. Adjust the flavors and remove from heat, stirring carefully so as not to break up the fruit too much. Cool to room temperature. Refrigerate, covered, for up to 4 days. 1. Core, peel, and cut the pears and apples into large chu <END>
INPUT: Asian, soy sauce, virgin olive oil, dark sesame oil, lime, ginger
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Chicken Breast with Ginger and Soy | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups soy sauce; 1/2 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 1/4 cup dark sesame oil; 1 lime, juiced; 4 inches fresh ginger, chopped; 2 garlic cloves, chopped; 1/2 cup chopped fresh cilantro leaves; 4 boneless, skinless chicken breasts, pounded thin | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine the 1 cup soy sauce, 1/4 cup olive oil, 2 tablespoons sesame oil, half of the lime juice, ginger, and garlic, and 1/4 cup cilantro in the bottom of each of 2 large freezer bags. Put 2 chicken breasts in each bag and get them coated with the marinade. Then set the bags on a work surface, force the air out and seal them. Allow chicken to marinade for 1 hour. You can also freeze the chicken right in the marinade at this point. To do so fold each bag over the chicken 3 times, tape them well, and date them. Put it in the freezer for up to 2 months. Place a large grill pan on 2 burners over  <END>
INPUT: louisiana, dressing, water, salt, long grain rice, onions, celery
OUTPUT: TITLE: Louisiana Shrimp Rice Dressing | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 1/2 cups water; 2 teaspoons salt; 2 cups long-grain white rice; 2 medium onions, chopped; 2 celery ribs, chopped; 1 medium green bell pepper, chopped; 2 tablespoons vegetable oil; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 2 large garlic cloves, finely chopped; 2 (28-ounce) cans whole tomatoes in juice; 1 cup water; 1/2 teaspoon cayenne; 1 1/2 pounds large shrimp (21 to 25 per pound), peeled, deveined, and cut crosswise into 1/2-inch pieces; 1 cup thinly sliced scallion greens (from 1 bunch) | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring water and 1/2 teaspoon salt to a boil over high heat in a 4-quart heavy pot, then stir in rice. Cover pot, then reduce heat to low and cook until liquid is absorbed and rice is tender, about 15 minutes. Remove pot from heat and let stand, covered, 5 minutes. Fluff rice with a fork, then keep covered. While rice is cooking, cook onions, celery, and bell pepper in oil and butter in a wide 8-quart heavy pot over moderately low heat, stirring occasionally, until pepper is softened, 10 to 12 minutes. Add garlic, tomatoes with juice, water, cayenne, and remaining 1 1/2 teaspoons salt and simme <END>
INPUT: button mushrooms crimini, shallot, bags spinach leaves, truffle oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spinach and Mushrooms with Truffle Oil | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons (1/4 stick) butter; 10 ounces button mushrooms or crimini (baby bella) mushrooms, sliced; 1 large shallot, chopped; 1 1/2 9-ounce bags fresh spinach leaves; 1 to 2 teaspoons truffle oil* | INSTRUCTIONS: Melt butter in large nonstick skillet over medium-high heat. Add mushrooms; sauté until brown and liquid evaporates, about 8 minutes. Add shallot; sauté 2 minutes. Add spinach, 1/3 at a time, to skillet with mushrooms and toss over medium-high heat, allowing each batch to wilt slightly before adding next, about 2 minutes per batch. Sauté just until all spinach is wilted and heated through. Stir in 1 teaspoon truffle oil. Season with salt, pepper, and more truffle oil, if desired. Transfer to bowl and serve. Sold at some supermarkets and at specialty foods stores and Italian markets. Melt butte <END>
INPUT: strawberry, shortcake, heavy cream, powdered sugar, vanilla extract, Zest lemon, sour cream
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Strawberry Shortcake with Lemon Cream | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup heavy cream; 3 tablespoons powdered sugar; 1/4 teaspoon vanilla extract; Zest of 1/2 lemon; 1/2 cup sour cream; 16 large strawberries, from a 1-pound package, hulled; 3/4 cups powdered sugar; 1/4 cup lemon juice; 1 store-bought pound cake, sliced into 1/2-inch slices | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: 4 metal skewers Preheat a grill to medium-high heat. For the lemon cream: Beat the cream, sugar, vanilla and lemon zest in a mixing bowl until soft peaks form. Add the sour cream and then hand whisk until slightly more thickened. Place in a 1-gallon resealable bag, chill and set aside. This can be made ahead of time and kept well chilled until ready to use. For the shortcake and glaze: Slide 4 strawberries onto each skewer. Mix together the sugar and lemon juice in a small bowl. Grill the cake slices using tongs until grill marks appear, 30 seconds to 1 minute. Follow by gri <END>
INPUT: drink, coconut water, food grade aloe, cucumber, apple
OUTPUT: TITLE: Aloe Vera Drink | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cups coconut water; 2 tablespoons food-grade aloe vera gel or juice; 1 medium cucumber, seeded and diced; 1/2 apple, peeled, cored and diced | INSTRUCTIONS: Add the coconut water, aloe vera, cucumbers and apples to the carafe of a blender and puree until smooth. Strain if desired. Serve immediately over ice. <END>
INPUT: granita, water, sugar, brewed espresso coffee, whipping cream
OUTPUT: TITLE: Coffee Granita | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cups water; 1 cup sugar; 3/4 cup brewed espresso coffee or 3/4 cup very hot water mixed with 2 tablespoons instant espresso powder; 1/2 cup chilled whipping cream, whipped | INSTRUCTIONS: Stir water and sugar in heavy medium saucepan over medium heat until sugar dissolves and syrup boils 1 minute. Cool syrup. Mix in coffee. Pour mixture into medium-size metal bowl. Freeze until ice mixture is solid, about 3 hours. Using fork, scrape ice to form flakes. Return to freezer; keep frozen until ready to serve. Pile coffee granita into stemmed glasses. Top with generous amounts of whipped cream. Stir water and sugar in heavy medium saucepan over medium heat until sugar dissolves and syrup boils 1 minute. Cool syrup. Mix in coffee. Pour mixture into medium-size metal bowl. Freeze until <END>
INPUT: Asian, ramen noodles, Two pie crusts, chicken stock, carrots, English peas
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken-Ramen Noodle Pot Pie | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1 package ramen noodles; Two 8-inch pie crusts; 1 1/2 cups chicken stock; 3/4 cup sliced halved carrots; 3/4 cup fresh or frozen English peas; 1/2 cup sliced leeks (thoroughly rinsed); 4 tablespoons butter; 1/4 cup all-purpose flour; 1/2 cup milk; 1/4 cup heavy cream; Kosher salt and freshly cracked pepper; 1 1/2 cups 1/2-inch-diced cooked chicken breasts (two 8-ounce breasts); 2 tablespoons sliced chives; 1 egg, beaten | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Special equipment: four 8-ounce ramekins Cook the ramen noodles according to package directions. Drain and cut into 1- to 2-inch pieces. Roll out the pie crusts to a thickness of 1/4 inch. Using an 8-ounce ramekin as a guide, cut out 4 circles with an extra 1-inch border of crust all around. Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Bring the chicken stock to a boil in a medium saucepan. Blanch the carrots, peas and leeks separately in the broth until tender and set aside. Reserve the broth. Melt the butter over a medium flame in a saucepan. Add the flour and cook until <END>
INPUT: wood, fennel seeds, salt, pepper, pepper flakes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Wood-Grilled Breast of Chicken Marsala with Grilled Carrots | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tsp ground fennel seeds; 1 tsp salt; 1/2 tsp freshly ground black pepper; 1/2 tsp red pepper flakes; 4 boneless, skinless chicken breasts (about 6 oz each); 16 small carrots, peeled; 3 1/2 cups marsala; 8 pieces dried porcini mushrooms; 2 shallots, thinly sliced; 4 cloves garlic, smashed; Vegetable-oil cooking spray; 4 tbsp light cream; Fresh rosemary sprigs | INSTRUCTIONS: Mix fennel, salt, pepper, and red pepper flakes in a bowl. Sprinkle spice mix over chicken; set aside. Boil carrots for about 4 minutes and remove; dry on a paper towel. Set aside. Bring marsala to a low boil in a small pan over medium heat. Add mushrooms, shallots, and garlic. Season with salt and pepper. Simmer until sauce reduces, about 20 minutes. Discard garlic and set sauce aside. Coat grill with cooking spray and grill chicken 4 to 6 minutes on each side or until cooked through. Grill carrots about 5 minutes, rotating until charred. Return sauce to stove; remove when it simmers, then wh <END>
INPUT: gimlet, ruby grapefruit juice, gin, simple syrup
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grapefruit Gimlet | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 ounces freshly squeezed ruby red grapefruit juice; 2 ounces gin; 1 tablespoon simple syrup | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Add the grapefruit juice, gin and simple syrup to a cocktail shaker filled with ice. Cover and vigorously shake for 30 seconds. Strain into a cocktail glass filled with ice. Garnish with a small triangle wedge of grapefruit. <END>
INPUT: ostrich, puree, sweetbreads, court bouillon, all purpose flour, butter, lemon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pan Roasted Ostrich with Crispy Sweetbreads, Salsify Puree, Potato Puree, Oven-Dried Tomatoes, Penci | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound sweetbreads; 1 gallon court bouillon; 1 cup all-purpose flour; 2 tablespoons butter; 1 lemon, juiced; 1 lemon, juiced; 8 fresh salsify roots; 1 cup heavy cream, heated; 1/2 pound butter, melted and warm; 2 Yukon gold potatoes, peeled; 1/4 cup heavy cream, heated; 1/4 pound butter, melted and warm; 4 Roma tomatoes; 2 to 3 extra-virgin olive oil; 1/4 pound butter, divided | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring court bouillon to a simmer in a saucepan. Add sweetbreads and poach for approximately 9 minutes. Remove sweetbreads and discard liquid. Press sweetbreads between 2 sheet trays until completely cool. Peel membranes and separate into bite-size pieces. Just before serving, dust sweetbreads with flour, shaking off excess. Melt butter in a skillet over high heat, add sweetbreads, and sear until crispy. Add lemon juice to deglaze the pan. Keep warm. In a saucepan, bring several inches of water and the lemon juice to a simmer. Peel salsify and add to acidulated water; simmer until very tender.  <END>
INPUT: Indian, soup, Peking Duck, chicken stock, olive oil, onion, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lentil Soup | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 1 cooked Peking Duck, store bought, meat and bones separated; 8 cups chicken stock; 1 tablespoon olive oil; 1/2 red onion, diced; 2 cloves garlic, chopped; 2 to 3 bay leaves; 2 celery stalks, finely diced; 1 carrot, finely diced; 1/2 cup red lentils, rinsed and drained; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 3 plum tomatoes, seeded and diced; 1/2 bunch fresh chives, cut into 1/2-inch pieces; 4 ounces palm sugar, broken into pieces or 1/4 cup each white sugar and brown sugar; 1 cup water; 4 whole star anise | INSTRUCTIONS: Shred the duck meat and set aside for Duck Sandwich, recipe follows or another dish, reserve 1 cup for soup garnish. Put the chicken stock and duck bones in a large pot and bring to a boil. Reduce the stock to a simmer and skim the impurities. Allow the stock to simmer for 30 minutes. Pour the olive oil in a large pot over medium-high heat. Add the onions and garlic and saute until tender. Add the bay leaf, celery, and carrot and saute for approximately 2 minutes, until the celery and carrots are slightly tender. Strain the stock into a pot and bring up to a boil. Add the lentils and reduce th <END>
INPUT: turkey, onion, tomato sauce, Cajun seasoning mix, Monterey Jack cheese
OUTPUT: TITLE: Turkey Empañadas | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound ground turkey; 1 large onion, diced; 1 8-ounce can tomato sauce; 4 teaspoons Cajun seasoning mix; 1/2 cup packed grated Monterey Jack cheese (about 2 ounces); 3 7.5-ounce cans refrigerated biscuit dough (10 biscuits per can); 1 egg, beaten to blend; Oil for deep frying | INSTRUCTIONS: Sauté turkey in heavy large nonstick skillet over medium heat until cooked through and brown, breaking up meat with fork, about 5 minutes. Using slotted spoon, transfer turkey to small bowl. Add onion to drippings in skillet and sauté until light brown, about 7 minutes. Return turkey and any juices to skillet. Add tomato sauce and Cajun seasoning; simmer until mixture is almost dry, stirring occasionally, about 8 minutes. Season with salt and pepper. Cool completely. Mix in cheese. (Can be prepared 1 day ahead. Cover and chill.) On lightly floured surface, roll out 1 biscuit dough piece to 4-i <END>
INPUT: kale, apples, vegetable oil, Kosher salt, almond butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Almond Fried Chicken with Roasted Kale and Apples | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 large bunch kale, stems removed, leaves cut into 2-to-3-inch pieces; 2 apples, cut into thin wedges; 3 tablespoons vegetable oil, plus more for frying; Kosher salt; 1/2 cup almond butter; 1/3 cup milk; 1 tablespoon honey; 4 skinless, boneless chicken breasts (about 11/2 pounds); All-purpose flour, for dredging; 2 cups panko breadcrumbs; Lemon wedges, for serving | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Toss the kale and apples on a baking sheet with 3 tablespoons vegetable oil and 3/4 teaspoon salt. Roast, stirring occasionally,until the apples are tender and the kale is crisp, about 20 minutes. Whisk the almond butter with the milk, honey and 1 teaspoon salt in a small bowl. Dredge the chicken in flour, coat with the almond butter mixture, then roll in the panko. Heat 1/2 inch vegetable oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Pan-fry the chicken, adjusting the heat as necessary to keep it from burning, until crispy and cooked through, 5 to 6 minutes  <END>
INPUT: wine, mild honey, Mission figs, thyme thyme leaves, salted roasted almonds
OUTPUT: TITLE: Glazed Figs with Almonds and Thyme | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup dry white wine; 3 tablespoons mild honey; 18 small dried Black Mission figs (about 4 ounces); 1 thyme sprig plus 1 teaspoon thyme leaves, divided; 18 salted roasted almonds | INSTRUCTIONS: Simmer wine, honey, figs, and thyme sprig in a small saucepan 3 minutes. Remove from heat and let steep, covered, 10 minutes. Return to heat and simmer, uncovered, until liquid is just syrupy, about 10 minutes. Cool figs in syrup. Cut a slit in each fig and gently press in a nut. Sprinkle with thyme leaves. Serve warm or at room temperature. Simmer wine, honey, figs, and thyme sprig in a small saucepan 3 minutes. Remove from heat and let steep, covered, 10 minutes. Return to heat and simmer, uncovered, until liquid is just syrupy, about 10 minutes. Cool figs in syrup. Cut a slit in each fig an <END>
INPUT: wrapped, size onions, smoked bacon into, garlic, thyme
OUTPUT: TITLE: Baked Foil Wrapped Marinated Red Onion | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 medium size red onions, peeled; 4 strips smoked bacon cut into 4 pieces; 4 cloves garlic, each sliced lengthwise into 4 pieces; 4 (8 by 8-inch) pieces aluminum foil; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh thyme; 1/4 cup balsamic vinegar; 1/4 cup olive oil; 1 teaspoon salt; 1/4 teaspoon ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Make 4 slices across each red onion within a 1/2 inch of cutting through them. Into these incisions, place 1 piece of bacon and 1 slice of garlic. Place each onion in the center of a piece of foil. Repeat with remaining ingredients. In a small mixing bowl, combine the thyme, vinegar, oil, salt, and pepper. Spoon over each onion. Bring the corners of the foil up over the onion and twist into a tight package. Place on a sheet tray and bake for 1 hour. Remove from oven and allow to cool slightly before removing foil. To serve, heat by fanning on a hot well oiled gri <END>
INPUT: salted, caramel, sugar, heavy cream, flaky sea salt, Ice Cream Base, pure Tahitian vanilla
OUTPUT: TITLE: Salted Caramel Ice Cream | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/4 cups sugar; 3/4 cup heavy cream; 2 teaspoons flaky sea salt, such as Maldon; Ice Cream Base (recipe follows); 1 tablespoon pure Tahitian vanilla extract; 1 cup whole milk; 4 large egg yolks; 3/4 cup sugar; 2 cups heavy cream | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Heat the sugar in a dry heavy-bottomed sauce pan over medium heat, stirring with a fork to heat the sugar evenly, until it starts to melt, then stop stirring and swirl the pan so the sugar melts evenly, and continue cooking until it is a dark amber color. Carefully add the heavy cream (the mixture will splatter) and cook, stirring until all the caramel has dissolved. Transfer to a heat-proof bowl and stir in the sea salt. Set the caramel mixture over a bowl filled with ice water and stir until chilled to room temperature. Combine the caramel mixture with the Ice  <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, hummus, wheat pocket pitas, garlic, tahini, lemon juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Edamame Hummus | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 1 bag (12 ounces) frozen shelled edamame; 3 whole-wheat pocket pitas, cut into 8 triangles each; 2 cloves garlic; 2 tablespoons tahini; 3 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 3/4 teaspoon salt; 1/2 teaspoon ground cumin; 1/4 teaspoon black pepper; 2 large red bell peppers, cored, seeded and cut into 24 strips | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat oven to 450°F. Bring edamame to a boil in a medium saucepan with enough water to cover; cook, stirring occasionally, about 3 minutes. Drain in a colander and run under cold water. Bake pita triangles on a baking sheet until golden, 3 to 5 minutes. Pulse edamame, garlic, tahini, juice, oil, salt, cumin and pepper in a food processor until mixture is the consistency of guacamole; add water 1 tablespoon at a time if too thick. Cover; refrigerate until party time. Serve with pita toasts and peppers for dipping. Heat oven to 450°F. Bring edamame to a boil in a medium saucepan with enough water <END>
INPUT: American, crackers, all purpose flour, salt, an log soft, tapenade
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tapenade Goat-Cheese Crackers | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cups all-purpose flour; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 1 1/4 sticks (1/2 cup plus 2 tablespoons) cold unsalted butter; an 11-ounce log soft mild goat cheese; about 1 cup tapenade | INSTRUCTIONS: In a food processor or in a large bowl with a pastry blender pulse or blend flour and salt. Cut butter into small pieces. Add butter to flour mixture and pulse or blend until mixture resembles coarse meal. Measure 1/3 cup goat cheese, reserving remainder for serving, and break into small pieces. Add cheese to flour mixture and pulse or blend until mixture just begins to form a dough. Halve dough and roll out each half between sheets of parchment paper into a 12- by 10-inch rectangle (about 1/8 inch thick). Chill rectangles in parchment on baking sheets until firm, about 30 minutes. Preheat ove <END>
INPUT: gravy, pack spicy sausage, canola oil, all purpose flour, chicken stock
OUTPUT: TITLE: 2 in 1 Gravy and Sausage-Stuffed Stuffing | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 8-ounce pack spicy sausage (recommended: Bob Evans); 2 cups canola oil, plus 1/4 cup; 1 cup all-purpose flour, divided; 3 cups chicken stock; 1 (6-ounce) box chicken flavored bread stuffing mix (made according to package instructions); 1 tablespoon chopped parsley leaves, plus more for garnish; 1 tablespoon chopped thyme leaves; 2 tablespoons chopped scallions | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Heat a large skillet over medium heat and drop dime-sized dollops of sausage into the pan. Cook until golden brown, approximately 12 to 15 minutes. Remove from the pan to a plate and set aside. After removing sausage add a 1/4 cup of canola oil to the pan and stir in 1/2 cup of flour. Stir to create a roux, and cook for approximately 3 to 4 minutes. Slowly add the chicken stock, stirring while you pour and let simmer, stirring frequently, until it thickens, approximately 6 to 8 minutes. In a separate saucepan heat 2 cups of canola oil on medium-high heat until it <END>
INPUT: moroccan, loose Chinese gunpowder, boiling water, sugar, mint, Special equipment teapot
OUTPUT: TITLE: Moroccan Mint Tea | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon loose Chinese gunpowder green tea; 5 cups boiling water; 3 to 4 tablespoons sugar, or to taste; 1 large bunch fresh mint (1 ounce); Special equipment : a 1- to 1 1/2-quart teapot | INSTRUCTIONS: Put tea in teapot and pour in 1 cup boiling water, then swirl gently to warm pot and rinse tea. Strain out and discard water, reserving tea leaves in pot. Add remaining 4 cups boiling water to tea and let steep 2 minutes. Stir in sugar (to taste) and mint sprigs and steep 3 to 4 minutes more. Serve in small heatproof glasses. Put tea in teapot and pour in 1 cup boiling water, then swirl gently to warm pot and rinse tea. Strain out and discard water, reserving tea leaves in pot. Add remaining 4 cups boiling water to tea and let steep 2 minutes. Stir in sugar (to taste) and mint sprigs and steep <END>
INPUT: macerated, matzo cake meal, potato starch, salt, Concord grape wine, lemon juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Wine Cake with Macerated Strawberries | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup matzo cake meal; 1/2 cup potato starch; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 2/3 cup medium-dry Concord-grape wine; 3 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 6 large eggs, separated, at room temperature for 30 minutes; 1 1/2 teaspoons finely grated fresh lemon zest; 1 1/4 cups granulated sugar; 2 lb strawberries (2 qt), trimmed and quartered (6 cups); 1/4 cup medium-dry Concord-grape wine; 4 teaspoons granulated sugar; Special equipment: a 10-inch tube pan (4 1/2 inches deep) with removable bottom; Passover confectioners sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: Make cake: Put oven rack in middle position and preheat oven to 350°F. Whisk together matzo cake meal, potato starch, and salt in a bowl. Stir together wine and lemon juice in another bowl or a glass measure. Beat yolks in a large bowl with an electric mixer at medium-high speed until smooth, then add zest. Add 1 cup sugar gradually, beating, and beat until mixture is very thick and pale, 2 to 3 minutes. With mixer at low speed, add half of matzo cake meal mixture to yolks, then all of wine mixture. Add remaining matzo meal mixture, mixing until just combined. Beat whites with a pinch of salt  <END>
INPUT: pancakes, eggs, Tbs. pure vanilla, granulated sugar, all purpose flour, baking powder
OUTPUT: TITLE: Apple Pancakes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 7 large eggs; 1 Tbs. pure vanilla extract; 3/4-cup granulated sugar; 1/2-cup all-purpose flour; 1 1/2 tsp. baking powder; 2 Tbs. unsalted butter; 3 Golden Delicious apples, peeled if desired, cored and cut into 1/2-inch wedges; 1 1/2 tsp. ground cinnamon; 1 1/2 Tbs. granulated sugar; 1 Tbs. confectioner's sugar; 1/4-cup creme fraeche; 1 cup strawberries for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: PANCAKE BATTER: In a blender or food processor, combine eggs, vanilla and sugar and blend for about 15 seconds or until combined. Add flour and baking powder and mix for 60 seconds or until very smooth. APPLES: Preheat broiler to medium high. Heat a 12-inch nonstick skillet over medium heat and add butter. Add apples and saute for four to five minutes or until softened. Add cinnamon and sugar, sprinkling them evenly over apples until glazed and slightly translucent at the edges. ASSEMBLY: Distribute apples evenly in skillet and pour batter over them. (You may also make four individual pancakes <END>
INPUT: packages pickled mustard, vegetable oil, garlic, sugar, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pickled Mustard Greens | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 10-ounce packages pickled mustard greens (such as Caravelle brand cai chua)*; 1/4 cup vegetable oil; 2 garlic cloves, minced; 2 tablespoons sugar; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 1 red jalapeño chile, seeded, chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: Rinse greens. Fill large bowl with cold water. Add greens and soak 10 minutes. Drain greens; rinse and drain again. Cut out and discard core from greens, then coarsely chop leaves (will yield about 3 1/2 cups). Heat oil in large nonstick skillet over medium heat. Add garlic and sauté 30 seconds. Add chopped greens. Stir 3 minutes. Sprinkle sugar over, then 1/4 teaspoon salt; stir to blend. Mix in jalapeño chile; stir 1 minute. Transfer to bowl and cool. DO AHEAD: Can be made 1 week ahead. Cover and refrigerate. Rinse greens. Fill large bowl with cold water. Add greens and soak 10 minutes. Drai <END>
INPUT: cold, vinaigrette, string beans, olive oil, shallot, Dijon mustard, Georgian balsamic vinegar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cold String Beans with Vodka Vinaigrette | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound string beans, trimmed, or 1 pound asparagus, peeled and trimmed; 1/2 cup olive oil; 1 large shallot, finely minced; 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard; 1/4 cup Georgian or balsamic vinegar; 2 tablespoons Polish vodka; 1 tablespoon sumakh, see note; Salt and pepper; 2 hard boiled eggs, finely chopped, optional; 1 red bell pepper, finely diced, optional | INSTRUCTIONS: Blanch and refresh string beans in salted water. In 1 tablespoon olive oil taken from the 1/2 cup, caramelize the minced shallot. Put shallot, mustard, vinegar, and vodka in a blender. Slowly drizzle in the remaining oil. Mix in sumakh, salt, and pepper. Serve over string beans (or asparagus). Optional: Garnish with a little chopped hard boiled egg and/or finely diced red bell pepper. Note: edible ground sumakh is available from Mid-Eastern or Russian markets or spice shop. <END>
INPUT: sugar additional sprinkling, bittersweet chocolate, egg yolks at, egg whites, lightly whipped cream
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate Soufflé | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/3 cup sugar plus additional for sprinkling; 5 oz bittersweet chocolate (not unsweetened), chopped; 3 large egg yolks at room temperature; 6 large egg whites; Accompaniment: lightly sweetened whipped cream; Special equipment: a 5 1/2- to 6-cup glass or ceramic soufflé dish | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 375°F. Generously butter soufflé dish and sprinkle with sugar, knocking out excess. Melt chocolate in a metal bowl set over a saucepan of barely simmering water, stirring occasionally until smooth. Remove bowl from heat and stir in yolks (mixture will stiffen). Beat whites with a pinch of salt in a large bowl with an electric mixer at medium speed until they just hold soft peaks. Add 1/3 cup sugar, a little at a time, continuing to beat at medium speed, then beat at high speed until whites just hold stiff peaks. Stir about 1 cup whites into chocolate mixture to lighten, then ad <END>
INPUT: wafer, cookies, heavy cream, thyme, egg whites, superfine sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lemon Thyme Wafer Cookies | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup heavy cream; 4 (1 1/2-inch) strips lemon zest; 3 sprigs thyme, plus 2 tablespoons picked thyme for garnishing; 4 large egg whites; 1 cup superfine sugar; 1 cup all-purpose flour, sifted; Pinch salt; 5 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted and cooled; 1 teaspoon pure lemon extract; Nonstick cooking spray | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat oven to 350 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with a silpat. Spray lightly with nonstick cooking spray and set aside. In a small, heavy-bottomed saucepan, combine the cream, lemon zest and thyme sprigs and bring to a simmer over low heat. Remove saucepan from heat and allow the flavors to infuse the cream, 15 to 20 minutes. Pour cream through a sieve and reserve In a large bowl, whisk together egg whites and sugar until well combined. Whisk in flour and salt. Add melted butter, cream, and lemon extract and whisk until well combined, about 30 seconds. Pour batter into a medium pastry bag fitt <END>
INPUT: lots, spring onions, Kosher salt, chives
OUTPUT: TITLE: Butter-Braised Spring Onions with Lots of Chives | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 8 spring onions (about 1 pound), root ends trimmed; 4 tablespoons (1/2 stick) unsalted butter, divided; Kosher salt; 1/4 cup chopped fresh chives | INSTRUCTIONS: Lay onions in a large skillet, trimming top of dark greens to fit. Add 2 tablespoons butter and 1/2 cup water to skillet; season with salt. Bring to a boil; cover. Reduce heat and simmer onions until greens are soft and bulbs are almost tender, 15-20 minutes. Uncover and cook, turning onions occasionally, until bulbs are completely tender, 5-8 minutes longer. Transfer onions to a plate. Simmer cooking liquid in skillet until reduced to 2 tablespoons, about 1 minute. Remove from heat and whisk in remaining 2 tablespoons butter. Return onions to skillet and turn to coat with sauce. Top with chiv <END>
INPUT: salad, baby arugula, fennel bulb, grape tomatoes, Kosher salt pepper, virgin olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Salami Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 cups baby arugula; 1 fennel bulb, quartered, cored and thinly sliced; 1 cup grape tomatoes, halved; Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper; 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; Juice of 1 lemon; 2 ounces salami, thinly sliced; Shredded Parmesan cheese, for topping | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine the arugula, fennel and tomatoes in a large bowl; season with salt and pepper. Drizzle with the olive oil and lemon juice and toss to coat. Top the salad with the salami and Parmesan. Photograph by Ryan Liebe <END>
INPUT: boil, seafood seasoning, Cajun spice, potatoes, corn, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Shrimp Boil | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup seafood seasoning; 1/4 cup Cajun spice; 1 pound small red potatoes; 2 ears yellow corn, cut in half; 1 cup thin sliced red onion (1/6-inch half rounds); 1 pound andouille sausage, cut on bias 1/4-inch thick; 1 pound shell-on shrimp (21 to 26 count); 1 pound butter, melted | INSTRUCTIONS: Over high heat, bring 2 gallons water, 1/4 cup seafood seasoning and 1/8 Cajun spice to a boil. Add the potatoes and corn and cook until potatoes are soft to the touch, 15 to 18 minutes. Next, add the onions and continue to cook for 2 minutes. Next, add the sausage and shrimp and cook until the shrimp are bright pink, a final 3 to 5 minutes. Remove from the water with a strainer. Next, in a large bowl, blend the remaining 1/4 cup seafood seasoning, 1/8 cup Cajun spice with the butter. Whisk together and toss with the cooked boil, tossing to well coat. Serve. <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, wine, water, bay leaves, flat leaf parsley, lemons
OUTPUT: TITLE: Poached Salmon with Lemon Mint Tzatziki | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups dry white wine; 2 cups water; 2 bay leaves; 2 sprigs flat-leaf parsley; 2 lemons, unpeeled, sliced; 1 (2 pound) salmon fillet with skin; 1 scallion, top only, thinly sliced; 1 cup Lemon Mint Tzatziki, recipe follows; 1 cup non-fat yogurt; 1 English cucumber; 1 teaspoon olive oil; 2 teaspoons lemon juice; 1/2 teaspoon minced garlic; 1/4 teaspoon lemon zest; 1 tablespoon finely chopped mint leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Put the wine, water, bay leaves, parsley and of the sliced lemons into a large deep skillet and bring to a simmer. Add the salmon, skin side down. Add more water, if necessary, to cover the salmon. Cover the skillet and simmer over a low heat until the fish is just cooked through, about 8 minutes. Transfer the fish to a plate, cover it and chill it completely in the refrigerator, about 3 hours. To serve, peel the skin from the fillet and scrape away any brown flesh. Put the fish on a serving plate, garnish with scallion and the remaining lemon slices. Serve with  <END>
INPUT: American, pink, steamed all beef, crispy fried bacon, tomatoes, slice American Cheese, mustard
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pink's Bacon-Chili-Cheese Dog | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 steamed all-beef hot dog; 3 slices crispy fried bacon; 1/4 cup chopped tomatoes; 1 slice American Cheese; 2 tablespoons mustard; 1/3 cup chili; 1 tablespoon diced onions; 1 soft hot dog bun | INSTRUCTIONS: Spread mustard on a warm, soft hot dog bun. Place cheese on the bun, followed by the hot dog. Top with chili, bacon, tomatoes and onions. <END>
INPUT: Italian, rolled, center fillet beef, Salt pepper, pesto, virgin olive oil, long wooden skewers
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spiral Rolled Fillet with Pesto | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 2 pounds center cut fillet of beef, spiral cut; Salt and freshly ground pepper; 1/2 cup store bought pesto; Extra-virgin olive oil; 8 long wooden skewers, soaked in cold water for at least 30 minutes | INSTRUCTIONS: With the heel of your hand or a meat mallet, pound the meat and flatten to a thickness of about 1/2-inch. Sprinkle the inside of the meat with salt and pepper. Spread the pesto over the meat, leaving a 1-inch border on 1 long side. Roll the meat towards the border. With your knife, mark the fillet at 1-inch intervals. Run skewers through your fillet in between your knife marks so that each portion has a skewer securing it. Using your knife marks as a guide, cut your fillet into slices. Drizzle with the oil. Preheat the grill or a grill pan. Grill slices over high heat for about 3 to 4 minutes  <END>
INPUT: muffins, unsweetened chocolate, semisweet chocolate chunks, all purpose flour, baking soda, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate Chunk Muffins | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 oz unsweetened chocolate, coarsely chopped; 10 oz semisweet chocolate chunks (2 1/2 cups); 1 cup all-purpose flour; 1/2 teaspoon baking soda; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1 teaspoon vanilla; 2/3 cup whole milk; 1 stick (1/2 cup) unsalted butter, softened; 1 cup packed light brown sugar; 2 large eggs | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350°F. Line 14 (1/2-cup) muffin cups with paper liners. Melt unsweetened chocolate and 1/2 cup semisweet chunks in a metal bowl set over a pan of barely simmering water, stirring. Remove bowl from heat and cool slightly. Whisk together flour, baking soda, and salt. Whisk vanilla into milk in another bowl. Beat butter with brown sugar in a large bowl with an electric mixer until pale and fluffy, then add eggs 1 at a time, beating well after each addition. Add melted chocolate and beat well. Mix in flour and milk alternately in batches, scraping down side of bowl and beginning an <END>
INPUT: orecchiette, unsalted butter, Savoy cabbage, scallions, chicken broth
OUTPUT: TITLE: Orecchiette with Savoy Cabbage, Peas, and Lemon Cream | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound orecchiette (ear-shaped pasta) or pasta shells; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1/2 pound Savoy cabbage, quartered lengthwise, core discarded, and leaves very thinly sliced crosswise; 1 bunch scallions, thinly sliced (1 cup); 1/2 cup chicken broth; 1/2 cup heavy cream; 1 cup thawed frozen peas; 2 teaspoons finely grated fresh lemon zest; 1/4 cup chopped fresh dill; 3/4 teaspoon salt; 1/4 teaspoon black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook pasta in a 6- to 8-quart pot of boiling salted water until al dente. While pasta is cooking, heat butter in a 12-inch nonstick skillet over moderately high heat until foam subsides, then sauté cabbage, stirring, until pale golden, about 6 minutes. Add scallions, chicken broth, and cream and bring to a boil, then reduce heat and simmer, uncovered, stirring occasionally, until cabbage is tender, about 2 minutes. Remove from heat and stir in peas, zest, dill, salt, and pepper. Ladle out 1 cup pasta cooking water and reserve, then drain pasta in a colander. Combine pasta with cabbage mixture  <END>
INPUT: symphony, sugar, water, Hawaiian vanilla bean, stroke lemon zest, stroke orange zest
OUTPUT: TITLE: Hawaiian Vanilla Symphony | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 cup sugar; 3/4 cup water; 1 Hawaiian vanilla bean; 1 stroke lemon zest; 1 stroke orange zest; 1/4 cinnamon stick; 4 pears; 1/2 lemon, juiced; 3/4 cup milk; 2 Hawaiian vanilla beans; 3/4 cup cream; 7 egg yolks; 1/4 cup sugar; 1/2 cup water; 1/2 cup sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 300 degrees F. Spicy Poached Pear: In a saucepan, combine sugar, water, citrus zest and spices. Bring to a boil. Cut the top of the pears off, about 1-inch from the top, and place in fresh water with the lemon juice. Peel the base of the pears, with a spoon and make a cavity in the center by removing the seeds. Poach the pear bases in boiled syrup at 200 degrees F for 1 hour. Remove from heat. Refrigerate. After refrigerated cut off a little of the bottom in order to have the pear sit up straight. Hawaiian Creme Brulee: In a saucepan, heat the milk, beans and the cream. In a bo <END>
INPUT: apricots, sugar, Riesling, Two canning four
OUTPUT: TITLE: Apricot-Riesling Jam | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 1/2 pounds apricots, halved, pitted; 2 cups sugar; 1/2 cup Riesling; Two 1-pint canning jars or four 8 ounce canning jars with lids | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine 2 1/2 pounds apricots, halved, pitted, 2 cups sugar, and 1/2 cup Riesling in a large heavy pot, stirring to dissolve sugar. Let sit until apricots start to release their juices, 20–30 minutes. Cook over medium heat, stirring occasionally at first and then more often as mixture thickens (as sugars concentrate, jam will be more likely to scorch), until most of the liquid evaporates and mixture is thickened, 30–40 minutes. To test for thickness, place a small dollop of jam on a chilled plate and chill 2 minutes. Drag your finger through: It should leave a clear path that doesn't fill in.  <END>
INPUT: Italian, chicken broth, orzo, crumbled saffron threads, unsalted butter, Parmesan
OUTPUT: TITLE: Saffron Orzo | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cups chicken broth; 1 cup orzo (rice-shaped pasta); 1/4 teaspoon crumbled saffron threads; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1/4 cup freshly grated Parmesan | INSTRUCTIONS: In a saucepan bring the broth and 1 1/2 cups water to a boil, add the orzo, and boil it for 5 to 7 minutes, or until it is al dente. In a small bowl dissolve the saffron and 1 tablespoon of the hot cooking liquid. Drain the orzo well, return it to the pan, and stir in the saffron mixture, the butter, the Parmesan, and salt and pepper to taste. In a saucepan bring the broth and 1 1/2 cups water to a boil, add the orzo, and boil it for 5 to 7 minutes, or until it is al dente. In a small bowl dissolve the saffron and 1 tablespoon of the hot cooking liquid. Drain the orzo well, return it to the pa <END>
INPUT: pudding, olive oil, andouille sausage, onions, celery, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Andouille Corn Pudding | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup olive oil; 2 cups andouille sausage, diced 1/2-inch; 1 cup onions, minced; 1/2 cup celery, minced; 2 tablespoon garlic, minced; 1 cup frozen corn, thawed; 1 tablespoon salt; 2 tablespoons LA spice; 6 eggs; 1 quart heavy cream; 16 cups jalapeno cornbread, 1-inch cubes | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 325 degrees. Heat pan, add oil and andouille and render fat. Add onions, celery, garlic, corn and seasonings and sweat vegetables. Remove from heat and let cool. Whisk eggs and cream, add cooled andouille/vegetable mixture. Add diced cornbread to cream mixture allow to soak for 20 minutes. Add mixture to 1/2 sheet hotel pan and cover with foil. Cook pudding for 40 to 50 minutes or until set. Cut into 4-inch by 4-inch squares. <END>
INPUT: soup, butter, onion, thyme, star anise, bay leaves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Carrot Soup with Star Anise | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons butter; 1 1/2 cups chopped onion; 6 large fresh thyme sprigs; 5 whole star anise,* divided; 2 small bay leaves; 1 large garlic clove, chopped; 2 1-pound bags peeled baby carrots; 4 cups low-salt chicken broth | INSTRUCTIONS: Melt butter in large pot over medium-high heat. Add onion, thyme, 3 star anise, bay leaves, and garlic. Sauté until onion softens, about 5 minutes. Add carrots and broth. Bring to boil. Cover, reduce heat to medium-low, and simmer until carrots are very tender, about 30 minutes. Remove and discard thyme sprigs, star anise, and bay leaves. Working in small batches, puree soup in blender until very smooth; return to same pot. Season with salt and pepper. (Can be made 1 day ahead. Cool slightly, cover, and chill. Rewarm over low heat before continuing.) Finely grind remaining star anise in spice  <END>
INPUT: Asian, caipirinhas, tangerines oranges, sugar, ginger, tangerine juice, cachaça
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tangerine-Ginger Caipirinhas | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 3 small chopped seeded tangerines or small oranges (no need to peel); 1/4 cup sugar; 1 tablespoon grated peeled ginger; 3/4 cup tangerine juice; 1 1/2 cup cachaça (Brazilian sugarcane liquor) or vodka | INSTRUCTIONS: Divide tangerines or small oranges among 6 tumblers. Add 2 teaspoons sugar and 1/2 teaspoon grated peeled ginger to each glass. Crush the ingredients in the bottom of the glass with a muddler or handle of a wooden spoon. Top each drink with 2 tablespoons tangerine juice and 1/4 cup cachaa (Brazilian sugarcane liquor) or vodka. Fill glasses with ice cubes, stir, and serve. Divide tangerines or small oranges among 6 tumblers. Add 2 teaspoons sugar and 1/2 teaspoon grated peeled ginger to each glass. Crush the ingredients in the bottom of the glass with a muddler or handle of a wooden spoon. Top  <END>
INPUT: tagine, chicken thighs drumsticks, Kosher salt pepper, butter, olive oil, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken Tagine | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 pounds chicken thighs and drumsticks; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 tablespoon butter; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1 onion, chopped; 1 tablespoon fresh ginger, minced; 1/2 teaspoon turmeric; 1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 3 cloves garlic, pressed; 1/4 cup wine; 1/4 cup chicken broth; 1 Confit Lemon, chopped, recipe follows; 1/2 cup gently crushed briny olives; 1/4 cup chopped fresh flat-leaf parsley; 3 tablespoons finely chopped fresh cilantro | INSTRUCTIONS: Pat the chicken dry, and season well with salt and pepper. Heat the butter and olive oil in a Dutch oven over medium-high heat, and brown the chicken on all sides. Add the onion, ginger, turmeric, cinnamon, and cook until onion is translucent, about 3 minutes. Season with salt and pepper, and add the garlic and stir for a minute. Increase heat and deglaze with wine, stirring, and allowing it to bubble. Add the broth and bring to a boil. Lower the heat, and cover and simmer gently for 45 minutes, then remove the chicken and set aside. To the sauce, add the lemon, olives, parsley, and cilantro a <END>
INPUT: icebox, half half, granulated sugar, salt, eggs, egg yolk
OUTPUT: TITLE: Strawberries and Cream Icebox Cake | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups half-and-half; 1/2 cup granulated sugar; Pinch of salt; 2 large eggs; 1 large egg yolk; 2 1/2 tablespoons cornstarch; 1/4 cup (1/2 stick) unsalted butter, cut into 4 pieces; 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract; 62 sponge cake-type ladyfingers (two and a half 3-ounce packages); 2 cups heavy cream, chilled; 1/4 cup confectioners' sugar; 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract; 2 pints strawberries, stemmed, and thinly sliced | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. To make the pastry cream, combine the half-and-half, 6 tablespoons of the granulated sugar, and the salt in a large heavy saucepan and bring to a simmer over medium heat, whisking frequently. 2. Meanwhile, in a large bowl, whisk together the eggs, egg yolk, cornstarch, and the remaining 2 tablespoons granulated sugar until pale yellow and smooth, about 1 minute. 3. When the half-and-half mixture is simmering, remove from the heat and gradually whisk it into the egg mixture, going slowly and whisking constantly so as not to curdle the eggs. Return the mixture to the pan and cook over medium  <END>
INPUT: crusted, unblanched almonds, Spanish pimenton paprika, eggs whites, Kosher salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Almond Crusted Chicken | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup unblanched almonds; 1 1/2 teaspoons Spanish pimenton or paprika; 2 large eggs whites; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 4 boneless, skinless chicken breasts (about 6 ounces each); 4 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, melted; 1 tablespoon sherry vinegar; 5 cups mesclun salad greens | INSTRUCTIONS: Finely chop the almonds in a mini-chopper or food processor. Transfer the nuts to a shallow dish and stir in the paprika. Lightly whisk the egg whites in another shallow dish. Pat the chicken dry and season both sides with salt and pepper. Dip each piece of chicken into the egg, letting the excess fall back into the dish. Then press both sides of the chicken into the nuts to coat. Place on a baking sheet, cover, and refrigerate for at least 20 minutes to set the crust. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Place rack on a baking sheet. Heat a medium nonstick skillet over medium-low heat and add 1 <END>
INPUT: American, bites, sirloin steak, Kosher salt pepper, Butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Steak Bites | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound sirloin steak (without much gristle) or pre-cut beef tips; Kosher salt and fresh ground black pepper; Butter | INSTRUCTIONS: Trim off the excess fat from the meat, and then cut strips less than 1-inch wide. Rotate the meat and cut into small bite-size pieces. If you see any more large chunks of fat, gristle or long silvery membrane, cut them off. Sprinkle generously with kosher salt and freshly ground pepper. Toss the meat around a bit to thoroughly coat with the seasonings. Next, turn on your ventilation fan-you'll need it! Heat the skillet over medium-high to high heat. As the pan heats, add about 2 tablespoons butter to the skillet. Allow the butter to melt, and then get very brown, before you add the meat. Place <END>
INPUT: dressing, portabella mushrooms, garlic, olive oil, escarole, onions
OUTPUT: TITLE: Escarole and Mushroom Dressing | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/4 lb portabella mushrooms, stems discarded and caps cut into 1-inch pieces; 3 garlic cloves, minced; 6 tablespoons olive oil; 1 1/2 lb escarole, coarsely chopped; 3 medium onions, thinly sliced; 3/4 teaspoon salt; 1/2 teaspoon black pepper; 3 large eggs, lightly beaten; 1/3 cup heavy cream; 1/2 cup vegetable stock , heated; 1 (3/4- to 1-lb) country bread loaf, cut into 1-inch cubes (8 cups) | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 425°F. Toss mushrooms with garlic and 3 tablespoons oil in a 3- to 4-quart shallow glass or ceramic baking dish and roast in middle of oven, stirring twice, until mushrooms are just tender, about 20 minutes. Cool to room temperature. While mushrooms are roasting, cook escarole in a large pot of boiling salted water, uncovered, until just tender, 4 to 5 minutes. Drain in a colander and rinse under cold water to stop cooking. Squeeze gently to remove excess water. Cook onions in remaining 3 tablespoons oil in a 12-inch heavy skillet over moderate heat, stirring frequently, until  <END>
INPUT: sour, water, Sherry wine vinegar, sugar, olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Rosemary-Garlic Pork Tenderloin with Sweet-and-Sour Prunes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 8 ounces (1 1/3 cups) pitted prunes; 1 1/3 cups water; 2/3 cup Sherry wine vinegar; 1/2 cup sugar; 1/4 cup olive oil; 6 garlic cloves; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh rosemary; 2 teaspoons cracked black pepper; 1 1/2 pounds pork tenderloins; Generous pinch of dried crushed red pepper; 12 cups sliced escarole (about 1 large head); 1 cup chicken stock or canned low-salt chicken broth | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring pitted prunes, 1 1/3 cups water, Sherry wine vinegar and sugar to boil in heavy medium saucepan, stirring until sugar dissolves. Reduce heat to medium and cook until liquid is syrupy, about 20 minutes. Set prunes aside. Preheat oven to 400°F. Blend 1/4 cup olive oil, garlic cloves, chopped fresh rosemary and cracked black pepper in food processor to form paste. Place pork tenderloins in roasting pan; rub with 3 1/2 tablespoons garlic paste. Set remaining garlic paste aside. Roast pork tenderloins until thermometer inserted into thickest part registers 150°F, about 30 minutes. Meanwhile,  <END>
INPUT: American, barbecue, pork, unsalted butter, olive oil, onion, garlic, jalapeño
OUTPUT: TITLE: Black Barbecue Pork Chops with Thumbelina Carrots | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon unsalted butter; 1/2 teaspoon olive oil; 2 cups chopped onion (about 1/2 pound); 7 garlic cloves, 5 chopped and 2 left whole, divided; 1 fresh jalapeño, finely chopped, including seeds; 1/4 cup raisins; 1/4 cup bourbon; 1/4 cup strong brewed coffee; 1/4 cup cola; 1/4 cup ketchup; 2 tablespoons soy sauce; 2 tablespoons balsamic vinegar; 1 tablespoon molasses (preferably blackstrap); 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce; 1 tablespoon Korean black bean paste | INSTRUCTIONS: Make barbecue sauce: Heat butter and olive oil in a 4-to 5-quart pot over medium-low heat until foam subsides. Cook onion, chopped garlic, jalapeño, and raisins, covered, stirring occasionally, until onion begins to brown, 7 to 9 minutes. Add bourbon (use caution; alcohol may ignite) and boil, scraping up any brown bits, until most of liquid has evaporated, about 2 minutes. Stir in coffee, then boil until most of liquid has evaporated, 3 to 5 minutes. Repeat with cola. Add ketchup, soy sauce, vinegar, molasses, Worcestershire sauce, black bean paste, and chocolate and simmer, stirring occasion <END>
INPUT: Mexican, tacos, Achiote Citrus Marinade, chicken legs thighs, corn tortillas, Salsa Fresca, avocados
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken Tacos | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 recipe Achiote Citrus Marinade (recipe follows); 1 1/2 pounds chicken legs and thighs; 24 small corn tortillas (recipe follows), or use store-bought; 1 recipe Salsa Fresca (recipe follows); 2 avocados, peeled and sliced; 1/2 bunch cilantro, leaves only, chopped; 2/3 cup freshly squeezed orange juice; 1/4 cup achiote paste; 2 to 3 jalapeno chiles stemmed and seeded if desired; 7 garlic cloves, peeled; 1 tablespoon black peppercorns; 1 tablespoon salt; 1 bunch cilantro, stems and leaves; 4 cups finely ground deep yellow masa harina; 2 3/4 cups cold water | INSTRUCTIONS: Rub the marinade all over the chicken pieces. Place in a bowl, cover and refrigerate at least 1 hour or as long as overnight. Preheat the oven to 350/. Lift the chicken pieces from the marinade and transfer to a roasting pan. Roast for about 40 minutes, or until the meat easily pulls away from the bone. Set the chicken aside to cool and pour the cooking juices from the pan into a bowl or cup. Refrigerate the juices so that the fat rises to the top. When the chicken is cool, remove and discard the skin, if desired, and bones and cut or shred the meat into bitesized pieces. Refrigerate the chick <END>
INPUT: Italian, sandwiches, ciabatta loaf, olive tapenade, salted mozzarella, roasted pepper, Kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mozzarella and Roasted Red Pepper Tea Sandwiches | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 medium ciabatta loaf; 1/2 cup black olive tapenade; 1 pound fresh salted mozzarella, thinly sliced; 1 roasted red pepper, sliced (about 6 pieces); Kosher salt; Good quality extra-virgin olive oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Slice the ciabatta in half horizontally. Evenly spread olive tapenade on the cut side of each half. Arrange the mozzarella and roasted red pepper slices evenly on bottom half of the bread. Season with salt to taste, and drizzle with some extra-virgin olive oil. Put the other half of the loaf on top. Using a serrated knife, slice the loaf in half lengthwise. Then cut each half into six smaller sandwiches to make a total of 12 sandwiches. Arrange the sandwiches on a serving platter and serve. Copyright 2009, Television Food Network, G.P., All Rights Reserved <END>
INPUT: American, strawberry, budini, container mascarpone cheese, sweet Marsala, whipping cream, sugar, hulled strawberries
OUTPUT: TITLE: Strawberry, Mascarpone, and Marsala Budini | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 8-ounce container mascarpone cheese*; 6 tablespoons sweet Marsala (preferably imported); 3 tablespoons whipping cream; 3 tablespoons sugar; 3 cups sliced hulled strawberries (about 15 ounces); 2 1/4 cups coarsely crumbled amaretti cookies (Italian macaroons; about 4 1/2 ounces)* | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine mascarpone, 3 tablespoons Marsala, cream, and 2 tablespoons sugar in medium bowl. Stir gently until well blended. Combine strawberries, remaining 3 tablespoons Marsala, and 1 tablespoon sugar in another medium bowl; toss to blend. Cover mascarpone and berry mixtures; refrigerate 30 minutes. Place 2 tablespoons crumbled cookies in each of 6 goblets. Divide strawberry mixture with juices among goblets. Top berries with mascarpone mixture, then remaining cookies. Cover and chill at least 30 minutes and up to 2 hours. *Mascarpone (Italian cream cheese) and amaretti cookies are available at <END>
INPUT: soup, low salt chicken, broccoli florets, eggs, Parmesan cheese
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken, Egg and Broccoli Soup | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 5 1/2 cups canned low-salt chicken broth; 3 1/2 cups coarsely chopped broccoli florets (from about 1 1/2 pounds broccoli); 2 large eggs; 4 tablespoons freshly grated Parmesan cheese | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring 5 cups chicken broth to boil in large pot. Add broccoli. Reduce heat and simmer until broccoli is just tender, about 5 minutes. Meanwhile, whisk eggs and remaining 1/2 cup broth in medium bowl to blend well. Bring soup to boil. Very slowly pour egg mixture into soup without stirring (egg mixture will form fluffy clumps); boil 1 minute. Stir gently to blend. Season soup with salt and pepper. Ladle soup into 4 bowls. Sprinkle each with 1 tablespoon Parmesan cheese. Bring 5 cups chicken broth to boil in large pot. Add broccoli. Reduce heat and simmer until broccoli is just tender, about 5 m <END>
INPUT: dressing, kinoko, mushrooms, scallions, sake, Japanese soy sauce, Japanese rice vinegar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mushrooms in a Scallion Dressing (Kinoko No Aemono-Japan) | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 14 oz large fresh mushrooms, preferably with 2-inch caps; 5 scallions; 3 tablespoons sake; 2 tablespoons Japanese soy sauce (shoyu); 4 tablespoons Japanese rice vinegar; 1/2 teaspoon salt; Finely shredded scallion | INSTRUCTIONS: Wipe the mushrooms with a damp cloth. If they are large, quarter them; otherwise, halve them. Finely chop the scallions. Put the mushrooms and scallions in a bowl. Add all the remaining ingredients and toss to mix. Leave the mushrooms to marinate in their dressing for 5 minutes, then toss again and set aside another 5 minutes. Toss the mushrooms once more before serving, garnished with scallion shreds if you like. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, olive oil, spicy Mexican chorizo, Vidalia onion, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mussels with Chorizo | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2 (5-pound) bags mussels; 1 tablespoon olive oil; 1 pound spicy Mexican chorizo, casing removed; 1 Vidalia onion, chopped; 4 cloves garlic, slivered; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 bottle dry white wine; Parsley, chopped, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Working, 1 at a time, scrub any grit from shells under running water. Discard open mussels that do not close with a few taps of the finger and any with cracked shells. Put the mussels in a bowl of cold water. Heat the oil in a large wide pot over medium-high heat and add the chorizo. Using a wooden spoon or potato masher, mash the chorizo into chunks, so it resembles ground beef. Saute until brown, about 8 minutes. Remove chorizo to a bowl. In the same pot, add the onion and garlic and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Saute 3 minutes to sweat. Deglaze the p <END>
INPUT: pound, all purpose flour, kosher salt, cream tartar, cardamom
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pound Cake with Grand Marnier-Poached Apricots | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups (4 sticks) unsalted butter, room temperature, plus more for pan; 3 cups all-purpose flour, plus more for pan; 1 teaspoon kosher salt; 1/2 teaspoons cream of tartar; 1/2 teaspoons ground cardamom; 2 cups superfine sugar; 6 large eggs; 1/2 cup heavy cream; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; 2/3 cup Grand Marnier; 2/3 cup granulated sugar; 2 cups dried apricots (about 8 ounces); 1 1 1/2" piece peeled ginger, sliced; Lightly sweetened whipped cream (for serving); Special equipment: A 10"-diameter tube pan or angel food cake pan | INSTRUCTIONS: For cake: Place a rack in middle of oven; preheat to 325°F. Butter and flour pan. Whisk salt, cream of tartar, cardamom, and 3 cups flour in a medium bowl. Using an electric mixer on high speed, beat 2 cups butter until very light and fluffy, about 5 minutes. Reduce speed to low and gradually add superfine sugar. Increase speed to high and beat until very light and creamy, 6–8 minutes longer. Add eggs 1 at a time, beating to blend between additions. Beat in cream and vanilla. Reduce speed to low; gradually add dry ingredients, mixing until mostly combined. Finish mixing with a rubber spatula j <END>
INPUT: Mexican, quinoa, olives, cilantro leaves, jalapenos, chile de arbol
OUTPUT: TITLE: Quinoa Stuffed Tomatoes | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 3 cups cooked red quinoa; 1/3 cup pitted green olives, halved; 2 tablespoons fresh cilantro leaves, finely chopped; 1 tablespoon finely chopped jalapenos; 1 teaspoon ground chile de arbol; 1/2 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 1/3 cup freshly squeezed lime juice; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1/2 cup crumbled queso fresco; 6 large yellow tomatoes, tops removed, seeded and flesh removed | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large bowl, combine the quinoa, olives, cilantro, jalapenos and chile de arbol. In a separate small bowl, whisk the olive oil and lime juice. Season with salt and pepper, and drizzle over the quinoa mixture. Add the queso fresco, and mix well to evenly incorporate. Check for seasoning and add more salt if needed. Divide the quinoa mixture evenly among the tomatoes, making sure they are filled to the top. Transfer the stuffed tomatoes to a large serving tray before serving. <END>
INPUT: moroccan, stew, unsalted butter, olive oil, onion, garlic, cumin
OUTPUT: TITLE: Squash and Chickpea Moroccan Stew | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon unsalted butter; 1 tablespoon olive oil; 1 medium yellow onion, small dice; 4 medium cloves garlic, thinly sliced; 2 teaspoons ground cumin; 1 (3-inch) cinnamon stick; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 pound butternut squash, large dice; 3/4 pound red potatoes, large dice; 2 cups low-sodium chicken or vegetable broth; 2 cups cooked chickpeas, drained; 1 (14-ounce) can diced tomatoes, with juices; Pinch saffron threads, optional; 1/2 preserved lemon, finely chopped; 1 cup brined green olives (recommend: Cerignola) | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat butter and olive oil in a 3- to 4-quart Dutch oven or heavy-bottomed saucepan with a tight fitting lid over medium heat. When oil shimmers, add onion, garlic, cumin, and cinnamon, and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper. Cook, stirring occasionally, until spices are aromatic and onions are soft and translucent, about 5 minutes. Add squash and potatoes, season with salt and freshly ground black pepper, stir to coat, and cook until just tender, about 3 minutes. Add broth, chickpeas, tomatoes and their juices, and saffron, if using. Bring mixture to a boil then reduce heat to lo <END>
INPUT: olive oil, lamb shanks, onion, garlic, ready tomatoes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Red Wine-Braised Lamb Shanks | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons olive oil; 4 lamb shanks (about 3 1/2 pounds); 1 large onion, chopped; 4 large garlic cloves, minced; 1 28-ounce can ready-cut tomatoes; 1 1/2 cups dry red wine; 1 teaspoon dried marjoram, crumbled | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat oil in heavy large skillet over medium-high heat. Add lamb shanks to skillet and cook until brown, turning occasionally, about 12 minutes. Transfer lamb to plate. Reduce heat to low. Add onion and garlic to skillet and sauté until tender, about 6 minutes. Return lamb to skillet. Pour in tomatoes with their juices and red wine. Stir in marjoram. Season generously with salt and pepper. Cover and simmer until lamb is very tender, turning lamb shanks occasionally, about 2 hours. (Can be prepared 1 day ahead. Cover and refrigerate. Return to boil before continuing.)Uncover and boil liquid unti <END>
INPUT: salad, olive oil, lemon zest, lemon juice, Kosher salt, parsley
OUTPUT: TITLE: Celery on Celery Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/3 cup olive oil; 1 teaspoon finely grated lemon zest; 3 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; Kosher salt, freshly ground pepper; 1/2 cup chopped fresh parsley; 1/4 cup capers; 1/2 medium celery root (celeriac), peeled, thinly sliced on a mandoline; 5 celery stalks, thinly sliced into long ribbons on a mandoline | INSTRUCTIONS: Whisk oil, lemon zest, and lemon juice in a large bowl; season with salt and pepper. Stir in parsley and capers. Add celery root and celery to dressing; toss to coat. Let sit 5 minutes before serving. Whisk oil, lemon zest, and lemon juice in a large bowl; season with salt and pepper. Stir in parsley and capers. Add celery root and celery to dressing; toss to coat. Let sit 5 minutes before serving. <END>
INPUT: American, meatloaf, beef, eggs, bread crumbs, Parmesan, Italian seasoning
OUTPUT: TITLE: Italian Stuffed Meatloaf | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 pounds ground beef; 2 eggs; 1 cup bread crumbs (up to 1 1/2 cups); 1 cup grated Parmesan; 1 tablespoon Italian seasoning; 1 tablespoon black pepper; 2 tablespoons fresh chopped parsley leaves; 2 cloves garlic, minced or pressed; 1 onion, diced; 1/2 cup ketchup; 1/4 cup Worcestershire sauce; 1 cup milk; 8 slices Cheddar; 8 slices baked ham; 8 slices bacon | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. In a large mixing bowl, combine ground beef, eggs, breadcrumbs, Parmesan, herbs, garlic, onion, ketchup and Worcestershire. Mix well, gradually adding the milk (if it seems too moist, add bread crumbs until it is a consistency that will form a loaf without flattening. Spray a large baking or roasting pan with a nonstick spray and press the meatloaf out. Layer cheese slices and ham, covering the center line of the meatloaf, then close it together and tuck in the ends, forming a loaf which is oblong. Criss-cross the bacon strips to cover the loaf. Bake for 35 to 45 <END>
INPUT: cake, lemon, all purpose flour, salt, baking soda, double acting baking, ginger
OUTPUT: TITLE: Stout Spice Cake with Lemon Glaze | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 1/2 cups all-purpose flour; 3/4 teaspoon salt; 1 1/2 teaspoons baking soda; 1 1/2 teaspoons double-acting baking powder; 1 tablespoon ground ginger; 3/4 teaspoon cinnamon; 1/4 teaspoon ground cloves; 3/4 teaspoon aniseed, ground in an electric spice grinder; 3/4 cup unsulfured molasses; 1 1/2 sticks (3/4 cup) unsalted butter, melted and cooled slightly; 3/4 cup firmly packed dark brown sugar; a 12-ounce bottle of stout; 2 large eggs, beaten lightly; 3/4 cup milk; 2 cups chopped pecans, toasted lightly | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350°F. and butter a glass baking dish, 12 by 8 by 2 inches. Into a large bowl sift together the flour, the salt, the baking soda, the baking powder, and the spices. In a bowl whisk together the molasses, the butter, the brown sugar, the stout, the eggs, and the milk and add the mixture to the flour mixture. Whisk the batter until it is combined and stir in the pecans. (The batter will be thin.) Pour the batter into the baking dish, bake the cake in the middle of the oven for 30 to 35 minutes, or until a tester comes out clean, and let it cool completely in the dish on a rac <END>
INPUT: whipping cream, half half, local honey, vanilla extract
OUTPUT: TITLE: Honey Ice Cream | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup whipping cream; 1 cup half-and-half; 3/4 cup raw local honey; 1 tablespoon vanilla extract | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine the cream, half-and-half, honey and vanilla in the canister of a commercial ice-cream maker and stir to combine. Freeze per manufacturer's instructions. <END>
INPUT: Italian, whipping cream, petite peas
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sweet Pea and Artichoke Lasagna | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 2 (8-ounce) packages frozen artichoke hearts, thawed, coarsely chopped; 1 1/2 cups whipping cream, divided; 1/4 cup (packed) chopped fresh basil leaves; 2 (15-ounce) containers whole-milk ricotta cheese; 1 1-pound bag frozen petite peas, thawed; 3/4 cup grated Parmesan cheese; 2 large eggs; 1 teaspoon salt; 1 (8- to 9-ounce) package no-boil lasagna noodles (12 noodles); 4 cups coarsely grated mozzarella cheese (about 1 pound) | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 400°F. Brush 13x9x2-inch glass baking dish with oil. Mix artichokes, 1/2 cup cream, and basil in medium bowl. Purée remaining 1 cup cream, ricotta, and next 4 ingredients in processor. Spread 1 cup ricotta mixture over bottom of prepared baking dish. Arrange 4 noodles in single layer over ricotta, breaking noodles as needed to cover. Spread half of artichoke mixture over. Spread 2 1/2 cups ricotta mixture over artichokes. Sprinkle 1 cup mozzarella cheese over. Repeat with 4 noodles, artichoke mixture, 2 1/2 cups ricotta mixture, and 1 cup mozzarella. Top with 4 noodles. Spread  <END>
INPUT: mashed, unsalted butter, russet potatoes, Kosher salt pepper, cream cheese, sour cream
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sour Cream Mashed Potatoes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, plus more for baking dish; 4 large russet potatoes, peeled and quartered; Kosher salt and ground black pepper; 8 ounces cream cheese, softened; 1 cup sour cream; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh chives, plus more for serving | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Butter a 2-quart baking dish and set aside. Place the potatoes in a large pot filled with salted water. Bring to a boil and cook until fork tender, 10 to 15 minutes. Drain the potatoes and transfer to the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment. Beat the potatoes until chunky, then add the cream cheese, sour cream and 4 tablespoons of the butter. Whip until smooth. Add the chives and some salt and pepper to taste. Using a spatula, transfer the potatoes to the buttered baking dish and spread evenly. Cut the remaining 2 tablespoons of butter int <END>
INPUT: salad, wine vinegar, sugar, salt, virgin olive oil, pickled herring
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pickled Beet and Herring Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons white-wine vinegar; 1 teaspoon sugar; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1/2 lb pickled herring, drained; 1 (1-lb) jar sliced pickled beets, drained; 1 (6-oz) bunch watercress, coarse stems discarded (4 cups sprigs); 2 medium Belgian endives, cut crosswise into 1/2-inch-thick slices and cores discarded | INSTRUCTIONS: Whisk together vinegar, sugar, and salt until sugar is dissolved, then add oil in a slow stream, whisking. Arrange herring and beets on a platter and drizzle with half of vinaigrette. Toss watercress and endives with remaining vinaigrette, then mound over herring and beets. Whisk together vinegar, sugar, and salt until sugar is dissolved, then add oil in a slow stream, whisking. Arrange herring and beets on a platter and drizzle with half of vinaigrette. Toss watercress and endives with remaining vinaigrette, then mound over herring and beets. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, wrapped, prawns, bacon, shrimp, BBQ sauce, canola oil, chipotle pepper adobo
OUTPUT: TITLE: Bacon-Wrapped Prawns with Chipotle BBQ Sauce | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 8 ounces bacon; 20 shrimp (21/25 count), shelled, deveined; 1/2 cup BBQ sauce; 1/4 cup canola oil; 3 tablespoons chipotle pepper in adobo; 3 tablespoons lemon juice; 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard; 1/2 teaspoon red chile flakes; 1/4 teaspoon ground black pepper; 1/4 teaspoon cayenne pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: 5 to 8 bamboo skewers Soak the bamboo skewers in water, to keep from burning during grilling. Partially cook the bacon; cut in half, and let cool on paper towels. Wrap the bacon around the shrimp, and skewer with bamboo through the point where the bacon ends meet (to keep from unraveling). Skewer 3 to 5 shrimp per bamboo. Combine the BBQ sauce, oil, chipotle, lemon juice, mustard, chile flakes, black pepper and cayenne in a blender and puree. Separate the sauce in half, one for basting and one for dipping. Cook the bacon-wrapped shrimp on a grill over medium heat. When the s <END>
INPUT: American, carpetbagger, beef tenderloin steaks, wine, garlic herb dressing, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Carpetbagger Steaks | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 4 beef tenderloin steaks; 2 cups red wine; 2 tablespoons garlic and herb dressing mix; 2 teaspoons ground black pepper; 1 (4.5-ounce) jar marinated mushrooms, finely chopped; 1 cup blue cheese, crumbled; 1 teaspoon Italian salad dressing mix; Fresh oregano sprigs | INSTRUCTIONS: Rinse steaks under cold water and pat dry. Place in zip-top bag and add red wine, dressing mix, and pepper. Squeeze air out of bag and seal. Gently massage bag to combine ingredients. Marinate in refrigerator for 1 to 3 hours Set up grill for direct cooking over high heat. Oil grate when ready to start cooking. In a medium bowl, combine chopped mushrooms, blue cheese, and Italian seasoning; set aside. Remove steaks from marinade and discard marinade. With a sharp knife cut a pocket into the side of each steak, being careful not to cut through. Stuff steaks with mushroom mixture and secure with <END>
INPUT: Italian, angel, hair, olive oil, bell pepper, jalapeño chili
OUTPUT: TITLE: Angel Hair Pasta with Tuna and Tomato Sauce | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons (1/4 stick) butter; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1/2 red bell pepper, seeded, chopped; 1/2 green bell pepper, seeded, chopped; 1 tablespoon minced jalapeño chili; 2 garlic cloves, minced; 1 1/2 drained canned diced tomatoes; 1/2 cup bottled clam juice; 1/3 cup chopped fresh cilantro; 1/2 cup dry white wine; 1/4 cup water; 3 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 1/4 teaspoon crushed dried red pepper; 1/2 cup all purpose flour; 1/2 teaspoon garlic powder | INSTRUCTIONS: Melt 1 tablespoon butter with 1 tablespoon oil in heavy large skillet over medium-high heat. Add both bell peppers, jalapeño and minced garlic; sauté until peppers are almost tender, about 5 minutes. Add tomatoes, clam juice, 1/3 cup cilantro, wine, water, lemon juice and dried red pepper. Bring to boil. Reduce heat; simmer until flavors blend, about 5 minutes. Season with salt and pepper. Mix flour and garlic powder in shallow bowl. Season tuna with salt and pepper. Coat with flour mixture, shaking off excess. Melt remaining 1 tablespoon butter with 1 tablespoon oil in another heavy large ski <END>
INPUT: loaf, cake, vegetable oil, all purpose flour, baking powder, kosher salt, grapefruit zest
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grapefruit–Poppy Seed Loaf Cake With Yogurt Glaze | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Nonstick vegetable oil spray; 1 1/2 cups all-purpose flour; 2 teaspoons baking powder; 3/4 teaspoon kosher salt, plus more; 1 tablespoon finely grated grapefruit zest; 1 cup granulated sugar; 2 large eggs, room temperature; 1/3 cup vegetable oil; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; 3/4 cup plus 1 tablespoon plain Greek yogurt; 8 tablespoons fresh grapefruit juice, divided; 1 tablespoon poppy seeds, plus more for sprinkling; 1/2 cup powdered sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350°F. Line an 8 1/2-by-4 1/2–inch loaf pan, preferably metal, with parchment paper, leaving overhang on the long sides, and lightly coat with nonstick spray. Whisk flour, baking powder, and 3/4 tsp. salt in a medium bowl. Using your fingers, work grapefruit zest into granulated sugar in a large bowl until sugar starts to clump and mixture is very fragrant, about 1 minute. Add eggs, oil, and vanilla and beat with an electric mixer on high speed until light and thick, about 4 minutes. Reduce speed to low and mix in half of dry ingredients, then mix in 3/4 cup yogurt. Mix in rema <END>
INPUT: coriander seeds, fennel seeds, oregano, hot pepper flakes, kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Sweet Potatoes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 tsp. coriander seeds; 1/2-tsp. fennel seeds; 1/2-tsp. dried oregano; 1/2-tsp. dried hot red pepper flakes; 1 tsp. kosher salt; 2 lb. medium sweet potatoes; 3 Tbs. vegetable oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 425 degrees F. Coarsely grind coriander, fennel, oregano and red pepper flakes in an electric coffee or spice grinder or with a mortar and pestle. Stir together the spices and salt. Cut potatoes lengthwise into 1-inch wedges. Toss the wedges with oil and spices in a large roasting pan and roast in middle of the oven for 20 minutes. Turn the wedges over with a spatula and roast until tender and slightly golden (15-20 minutes more). <END>
INPUT: Mexican, vinaigrette, cumin seeds, orange juice, zest well orange, sherry vinegar, roasted garlic pulp
OUTPUT: TITLE: Orange Cumin Vinaigrette with Roasted Garlic | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 teaspoon cumin seeds; 1/3 cup orange juice, preferably freshly squeezed; Grated zest of one well washed orange; 1 tablespoon sherry vinegar; 1/4 cup roasted garlic pulp; 1 teaspoon salt; 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 1/2 cup olive oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Place cumin seeds on a small ovenproof plate or baking sheet and roast in oven 3 to 5 minutes until their fragrance is released. Remove from oven and allow to cool. Place orange juice, zest, vinegar, garlic pulp, salt, pepper and cumin seeds in the blender. Whirl to blend thoroughly then slowly pour in olive oil while machine is running so as to form an emulsion. <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, olive oil, brunoise carrot, brunoise celery, brunoise pepper, chicken stock vegetarian
OUTPUT: TITLE: Italian Couscous | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1/4 cup brunoise carrot; 1/4 cup brunoise celery; 1/4 cup brunoise red pepper; 2 cups chicken stock or vegetarian stock; 1/2 cup Italian couscous | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat medium stockpot, add olive oil and saute carrots, celery and red pepper until translucent. Add chicken stock or vegetarian stock. Bring to a boil, add couscous and lower heat to a simmer, and cook for 5 to 7 minutes. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, tamales, corn husks, corn, olive oil, salt, chipotle chilies
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chorizo Tamales | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 36 dried corn husks; 2 cups frozen corn; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 3 teaspoons salt; 2 chipotle chilies; 2 tablespoons adobo sauce; 1/2 pound ground chorizo sausage; 2 pounds finely ground cornmeal; 1 tablespoon baking powder; 3/4 cup vegetable shortening, melted and cooled; 1 to 3 cups chicken stock | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. Soak 24 of the husks in warm water for 1 hour. Tear 2 husks lengthwise into 24 (1/2-inch-wide) strings. 2. Toss the frozen corn with the oil and 1 teaspoon of the salt, then spread it over a cookie sheet. 3. Roast in a 400°F oven until golden brown, about 20 minutes. 4. Puree the chilies with the adobo sauce. In a small bowl, combine the chorizo and chili puree. 5. In a large bowl, combine the cornmeal, baking powder, and the remaining salt. Add the shortening, chorizo mixture, and corn. Stir in the stock gradually until the mixture has the consistency of mashed potatoes. 6. Spoon 1/4 cup o <END>
INPUT: macaroons, egg whites, fine salt, scant condensed milk, vanilla extract vanilla, lavender buds
OUTPUT: TITLE: Coconut Lavender Macaroons | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 large egg whites, room temperature; 1 teaspoon fine salt; 1 scant cup sweetened condensed milk; 2 teaspoons vanilla extract or 1 vanilla bean, scraped; 1/2 teaspoon dried lavender buds; One 14-ounce bag sweetened shredded coconut, toasted | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Combine the egg whites and salt in a stand mixer fitted with the whisk attachment. Whip on medium-high speed until medium peaks form, 3 to 5 minutes. Meanwhile, in a large bowl combine the sweetened condensed milk, vanilla extract and lavender buds. Stir in the toasted coconut and mix until combined. Fold in the whipped egg whites in thirds until just combined; the batter will look thick. With a 2-tablespoon scoop, drop the batter onto a parchment-lined baking sheet, spaced 1-inch apart. You will end up with 14 to 15 cookies dep <END>
INPUT: sugar, balsamic vinegar wine, mustard seeds, vegetable oil, bacon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Turnips with Bacon and Pickled Mustard Seeds | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup sugar; 1/4 cup white balsamic vinegar or white wine vinegar; 1/4 cup yellow mustard seeds; 1 tablespoon vegetable oil; 1/4 pound thick-cut bacon, cut crosswise 1/4" thick; 1 tablespoon whole grain mustard; 2 pounds baby turnips, trimmed, halved or quartered if large; Kosher salt, freshly ground pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring sugar, vinegar, and 1/4 cup water to a boil in a small saucepan. Remove from heat and stir in mustard seeds. Let stand at least 4 hours, or cover and chill up to 12 hours. Heat oil in a large skillet over medium heat; add bacon and cook, stirring occasionally, until brown and crisp, 8–10 minutes. Use a slotted spoon to transfer bacon to a small bowl and stir in pickled mustard seeds and whole grain mustard; set vinaigrette aside. Meanwhile, cook turnips in a large pot of boiling salted water until tender, about 3 minutes. Drain and pat turnips dry. Heat a large skillet over medium-high h <END>
INPUT: smoked slab bacon, good quality bourbon, heavy cream, milk, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Bacon Bourbon Ice Cream | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 pounds smoked slab bacon, diced; 1/2 bottle good quality bourbon; 3 cups heavy cream; 2 cups whole milk; 1 cup sugar; 1 tablespoon vanilla paste or 2 vanilla beans, split and scraped (preferably bourbon vanilla beans); Salt; 1/4 cup brown sugar; 5 eggs | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: ice-cream maker Render the bacon in a heavy-bottomed pot over medium-high heat until crispy. Transfer the grease to the refrigerator, chilling until the fat solidifies. Leave half the bacon the pot, and reserve the other half. Add the bourbon to the pot with the bacon and simmer until reduced by two-thirds. Stir in the cream, milk, 1/2 cup sugar, the vanilla and a pinch of salt and remove from the heat. Cover with plastic and cool for 1 hour. Strain and set aside. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Toss the reserved bacon with 1/4 cup sugar and the brown sugar. Spread the su <END>
INPUT: American, grapes, rosemary, virgin olive oil, pizza dough, soft goat cheese
OUTPUT: TITLE: Goat-Cheese Pizza | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 1/2 cups green or red grapes, halved; 1 tablespoon finely chopped rosemary; 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1 pound store-bought pizza dough; 8 ounces soft goat cheese | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. Preheat a gas or charcoal grill to medium, or the oven to 450° F. 2. Toss together the grapes, rosemary, and 1 tablespoon of the olive oil; set aside. 3. Divide the dough into thirds and stretch each portion into a 10-inch circle. 4. Place the rounds on the grill or in the oven until cooked through, about 6 minutes, flipping each halfway through if using a grill. 5. Distribute the grapes, spoonfuls of the goat cheese, and the remaining olive oil on the pizzas. 6. Cover the grill (if using) and heat until the cheese begins to melt, about 5 minutes. 1. Preheat a gas or charcoal grill to mediu <END>
INPUT: lemony, unsalted butter, lemon zest, Salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lemony Green Beans and Peas | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 pound (8 ounces) fresh green beans, trimmed and cut into 1/2- to 3/4-inch pieces; 1 1/2 cups (8 ounces) frozen peas; 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, cut into pieces; 1 teaspoon grated lemon zest; Salt; Freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Add green beans to a 3- to 4-quart pot of very well salted boiling water, and cook, uncovered, until barely tender, 4 to 5 minutes. Stir in peas and cook, uncovered, until beans and peas are tender, 2 to 3 minutes. Meanwhile, put butter and zest in a large bowl. Drain vegetables in a sieve and add to bowl. Toss until well coated with butter and zest. Season with salt and pepper. Add green beans to a 3- to 4-quart pot of very well salted boiling water, and cook, uncovered, until barely tender, 4 to 5 minutes. Stir in peas and cook, uncovered, until beans and peas are tender, 2 to 3 minutes. Mea <END>
INPUT: soup, tieu, banana, purple rice noodles, pickled mustard, saw tooth coriander
OUTPUT: TITLE: Purple Rice Noodle and Corn Wine Soup: Hu Tieu Thiem | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 green banana; 68 ounces (8 1/2 cups)/2 liters Bac Ha corn wine; 28 ounces/ 800 g fresh purple rice noodles, sliced 3/4-inch/2 cm wide; 17 1/2 ounces/ 500 g pickled mustard green, liquid reserved; 1 bunch saw tooth coriander, finely sliced; 1 bunch rice paddy herb, finely sliced; 1/2 cup crushed roasted peanuts; 1 tablespoon dried chile flakes | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large clay jar, place the green banana together with corn wine. Cover and allow the banana to ferment for 1 week. Distribute the noodles among 4 separate bowls. Pour in 1 cup corn wine and 1/4 cup reserved pickled mustard greens liquid. Place a tablespoon of pickled mustard greens onto the noodles, followed by sawtooth coriander and rice paddy herb. Garnish with peanuts and chile flakes. Serve cold. <END>
INPUT: American, caramel, sauce, graham crackers, butter, vanilla ice cream, pecans, peanut butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Ice Cream Pie with Easy Caramel Sauce | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 18 graham crackers (the 4-section large pieces); 1/3 cup butter, melted; 2 pints vanilla ice cream; 1/4 cup finely chopped pecans, plus extra for serving; 4 peanut butter cups, roughly chopped; 2 large chocolate-covered peanut butter crunch candy bars, such as Butterfinger, roughly chopped; 1 cup packed brown sugar; 1/2 cup half-and-half; 4 tablespoons (1/2 stick) butter; Pinch of salt; 1 tablespoon vanilla | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. For the crust: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Crush the graham crackers in a food processor or resealable plastic bag. Pour the crumbs into a bowl and stir in the melted butter. Press into a pie pan and bake until golden and set, about 5 minutes. Set aside to cool completely. For the filling: Remove the ice cream from the freezer and allow to soften slightly. Mix in the pecans, peanut butter cups and peanut butter crunch candy bars and pour the ice cream mixture into the crust. Cover with foil and freeze until very hard, 1 to 2 hours. For the caramel sauce: M <END>
INPUT: Mexican, chili, straws, chicken thigh meat, sour cream, Mexican cheese blend
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken-Green Chili Straws with Jalapeno-Honey Dip | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: Cooking spray; 1 1/2 cups cooked chicken thigh meat, chopped; 1/2 cup sour cream; 1/3 cup shredded Mexican cheese blend (recommended: Kraft or Sargento); 1 (4-ounce) can diced green chiles; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro leaves; 1 teaspoon ground cumin; 1 package egg roll wrappers; 1 cup honey; 3 tablespoons chopped pickled jalapenos; 1 tablespoon cider vinegar | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. Coat a large baking sheet with cooking spray. In a large bowl, combine chicken, sour cream, cheese, green chiles, cilantro, and cumin. Mix well to combine. Arrange egg roll wrappers on a flat surface. Place a small amount of filling in the lower third (towards 1 corner) of each wrapper. Fold over the bottom corner of the wrapper, tightly roll up 1 turn and then fold in the sides. Dip your finger in water and run it along the corner and edge. Tightly roll up the rest of the way, sealing the edges and seam shut. Place "straws" on prepared baking sheet and spray wit <END>
INPUT: pudding, sandwich bread, butter, apples, sugar, currants raisins
OUTPUT: TITLE: Apple Bread Pudding | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 4 x4-inch slices firm white sandwich bread, crusts trimmed; 2 teaspoons butter; 2 medium apples, peeled, cored, cut into 1/2-inch wedges; 8 tablespoons sugar; 1 tablespoon dried currants or raisins; 2 cups low-fat (1%) milk; 2 large eggs; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; 1/4 teaspoon ground cinnamon | INSTRUCTIONS: Lightly butter 9-inch-diameter glass pie dish. Cut each bread slice into 4 squares. Arrange half of bread squares in single layer in prepared dish. Melt 2 teaspoons butter in large nonstick skillet over medium heat. Add apples; sauté 5 minutes. Sprinkle with 2 tablespoons sugar; sauté until apples are golden, about 6 minutes. Arrange apples atop bread in dish. Sprinkle with currants. Top with remaining bread squares in single layer. Bring milk to simmer in small saucepan. Whisk eggs and remaining 6 tablespoons sugar in medium bowl to blend. Gradually whisk in hot milk, then vanilla and cinnamo <END>
INPUT: peas, kidney beans, coconut, water, olive oil, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Rice and Peas | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 pound dry red kidney beans; 1 whole coconut; 4 cups water; 1 teaspoon olive oil; 1 clove garlic; 1/2 onion; 1 scallion, crushed; 1 sprig thyme; 1/2 stick butter; 1/2 teaspoon black pepper; 1 teaspoon salt; 2 cups rice | INSTRUCTIONS: Wash beans and soak overnight in water. Remove coconut from husk and finely grate. Add water and squeeze through a strainer. Set aside the coconut and coconut milk. In a stock pot, add oil and heat. Add beans, garlic and onion. When beans are cooked, add the coconut milk, scallion, thyme, salt, pepper and bring to a boil. Add the rice and stir with a fork so beans are evenly distributed throughout rice. Add butter. Cover and simmer for 30 minutes. <END>
INPUT: punch, Triple Sec, brandy, Chambord, unsweetened pineapple juice, ginger ale
OUTPUT: TITLE: Champagne Punch | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup Triple Sec; 1 cup brandy; 1/2 cup Chambord; 2 cups unsweetened pineapple juice; 1 quart chilled ginger ale; 2 chilled 750-ml. bottles dry champagne | INSTRUCTIONS: In a bowl combine the Triple Sec, the brandy, the Chambord and the pineapple juice and chill the mixture, covered, for at least 4 hours or overnight. In a large punch bowl combine the Triple Sec mixture, the ginger ale, and the champagne and add ice cubes. In a bowl combine the Triple Sec, the brandy, the Chambord and the pineapple juice and chill the mixture, covered, for at least 4 hours or overnight. In a large punch bowl combine the Triple Sec mixture, the ginger ale, and the champagne and add ice cubes. <END>
INPUT: French, souffleed, omelet, asparagus, onion, unsalted butter, Gruyere, tarragon leaves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Asparagus, Gruyere and Tarragon Souffleed Omelet | CUISINE: French | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 pound medium asparagus, trimmed; 1 medium red onion, sliced thin; 1 1/2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 2/3 cup coarsely grated Gruyere; 1 tablespoon minced fresh tarragon leaves, or to taste; 4 large eggs, separated; 2 tablespoons all-purpose flour | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. In a 10-inch non-stick skillet simmer the asparagus in salted water to cover for 3 to 5 minutes, or until it is just tender. Drain the asparagus, shock in ice water, and pat dry with paper towels. In the skillet, cook the onion with salt and pepper, to taste, in 1 tablespoon of the butter over moderate heat, stirring frequently, for 5 minutes, or until the onion is golden, and transfer the mixture to the bowl. In the same skillet, heat asparagus until warmed through. Add the asparagus to the onions. Wipe out the same skillet and heat the remaining 1/2 tablesp <END>
INPUT: French, souffle, bittersweet chocolate, egg whites, granulated sugar, lemon juice, Powdered sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate Souffle | CUISINE: French | INGREDIENTS: 4 1/2 ounces bittersweet chocolate, chopped; 8 large egg whites; 1/4 cup granulated sugar; 2 teaspoons fresh lemon juice; Powdered sugar, for dusting; Heavy cream, whipped to stiff peaks, optional; Creme Anglaise, optional | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Use a pastry brush to evenly coat the inside of a 1 1/2-quart souffle mold with softened butter. Fill the mold with granulated sugar, then pour out the excess. If you have properly buttered the mold, the sugar will stick to the side and bottom of it. The butter and sugar keeps the souffle from sticking to the side of the mold and allows it to rise evenly. The sugar also gives the souffle a crunchy crust. Place a double boiler 1/2 filled with water over high heat and bring to a boil. Place the chopped chocolate in the top of the double boiler and melt until qu <END>
INPUT: scrambled, fines, eggs, light cream, chervil leaves, tarragon leaves, parsley leaves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Creamy Scrambled Eggs with Edible Flowers and Fines Herbs | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 12 large eggs; 1/2 cup light cream; 2 teaspoons chopped fresh chervil leaves; 2 teaspoons chopped fresh tarragon leaves; 2 teaspoons chopped fresh parsley leaves; 2 teaspoons chopped fresh chives; Salt and freshly cracked black pepper; 4 tablespoons unsalted butter; 8 ounces goat cheese, crumbled; Handful edible flowers; Fresh parsley sprigs, for garnish; Serving suggestion: toasted rye bread | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large mixing bowl, whisk the eggs, cream, chervil, tarragon, parsley, chives and a little salt and pepper. In a large nonstick skillet, melt the butter, add the eggs, and stir over a low heat until the eggs are just beginning to set. In the skillet, stir in the goat cheese and continue to cook briefly, still stirring occasionally until the cheese melts. Add the edible flowers. To serve, spoon some eggs onto the rye bread and place on a plate with a sprig of parsley on top for garnish. Serve immediately. <END>
INPUT: Italian, pesto, garlic, roasted unsalted almonds, basil leaves, lemon juice, Parmigiano Reggiano
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted-Almond Ricotta Pesto with Olives | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 small garlic clove; 2/3 cup roasted unsalted almonds; 4 cups basil leaves; 1 teaspoon fresh lemon juice; 1/4 cup grated Parmigiano-Reggiano; 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 3/4 cup ricotta (preferably fresh); 1/2 cup chopped pitted Kalamata olives; Accompaniment: 1 pound spaghetti, cooked and drained, reserving 1 cup cooking water | INSTRUCTIONS: With food processor running, drop in garlic and finely chop. Stop motor and add almonds, basil, lemon juice, parmesan, 1/4 teaspoon salt, and 1/2 teaspoon pepper, then process until finely chopped. With motor running, add oil, blending until incorporated. Transfer to a large bowl. Stir in ricotta and olives and season with salt. Toss hot spaghetti with pesto. Thin with some of cooking water. With food processor running, drop in garlic and finely chop. Stop motor and add almonds, basil, lemon juice, parmesan, 1/4 teaspoon salt, and 1/2 teaspoon pepper, then process until finely chopped. With mo <END>
INPUT: cakes, cornmeal, baking soda, salt, egg, buttermilk additional batter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Corn Cakes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup cornmeal; 3/4 teaspoon baking soda; 3/4 teaspoon salt; 1 large egg, beaten lightly; 1 cup buttermilk plus additional to thin the batter if necessary; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, plus additional for brushing the griddle; 1 cup fresh or frozen corn, cooked, drained, and patted dry | INSTRUCTIONS: In a bowl whisk together the cornmeal, the baking soda, and the salt, add the egg, 1 cup of the buttermilk, and 2 tablespoons of the butter, and whisk the batter until it is smooth. Stir in the corn and let the batter stand for 10 minutes. The batter should be the consistency of thick pancake batter; if it is too thick, thin it with the additional buttermilk. Heat a griddle over moderate heat until it is hot, brush it lightly with some of the additional butter, and drop the batter by tablespoons onto the griddle. Cook the cakes for 1 minute, or until the undersides are golden, turn them, and c <END>
INPUT: smothered, shoulder pork chops, Salt pepper taste, all purpose flour, reserved hock fat, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Smothered Pork Chops with Collard Greens | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 shoulder pork chops cut 1 1/2 inches thick; Salt and pepper to taste; 1 tablespoon all purpose flour for chops, plus 2 tablespoons for sauteing vegetables; 2 tablespoons reserved hock fat; 1 green pepper seeded 1/4-inch sliced; 2 medium onions 1/4-inch sliced; 3 cups hock stock, hot; 1/2 gallon ham hock stock; 5 large bunches of collard greens chopped into 4-inch pieces; 1 large onion peeled; 1 jalapeno pepper, split in half lengthwise; Malt vinegar to taste; Salt and pepper to taste; 10 pounds smoked ham hocks; 10 pounds fresh ham hocks | INSTRUCTIONS: Season each chop with salt and pepper, then dust with flour. Heat a cast iron skillet just large enough to hold the pork over a medium heat. Add the reserved pork fat and brown the pork chop well-approximately 4 minutes per side. Remove the chops from the pan and set aside. If the pan is dry, add another tablespoon of fat. Add the onions and peppers. Increase the heat to medium high in order to brown the vegetables well. Sprinkle flour over the vegetables and cook, stirring constantly, for 5 minutes. Remove pan from the flame and stir in the hot hock stock until thickened and smooth. Bury the  <END>
INPUT: mayonnaise, chives, bread, very multicolored tomatoes, kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Classic Tomato Toast with Mayonnaise and Chives | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 tablespoons mayonnaise; 1/4 cup coarsely chopped fresh chives, divided; 6 slices toasted white bread (such as Wonder Bread or Martin's potato bread); 1 pound very ripe multicolored tomatoes, sliced 1/4" thick; 1 1/2 teaspoons kosher salt; 1 1/2 teaspoons freshly ground black pepper; 1 teaspoon sugar (optional) | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine mayonnaise and 2 Tbsp. chives in a small bowl. Spread each toast with 1 heaping Tbsp. chive-mayonnaise. Divide tomato slices among toasts and sprinkle each with salt, pepper, and sugar, if using. Top with remaining 2 Tbsp. chives. Combine mayonnaise and 2 Tbsp. chives in a small bowl. Spread each toast with 1 heaping Tbsp. chive-mayonnaise. Divide tomato slices among toasts and sprinkle each with salt, pepper, and sugar, if using. Top with remaining 2 Tbsp. chives. <END>
INPUT: gratin, young, lemon juice, soft plain bread, olive oil, onions
OUTPUT: TITLE: Gratin of Young Artichokes and Olives | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 12 small (egg-size) artichokes or 6 medium globe artichokes (about 6 ounces each); 1 cup soft plain white bread crumbs; 4 tablespoons olive oil; 3 medium onions (about 6 ounces each), thinly sliced; 2 large cloves garlic, finely chopped; 1/4 cup Nicoise or other good-quality black olives, pitted and chopped; 1/4 cup finely chopped fresh flat-leaf parsley; Salt and freshly ground black pepper to taste; 1 cup low-sodium canned vegetable broth reduced over high heat to 1/3 cup | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Fill a medium bowl with water and add the lemon juice. Set aside. With a sharp, serrated knife, cut about 1/2 inch off the medium ones. Pull off and discard the tough, green outer leaves to expose the pale green hearts. Trim the dark stem end of each artichoke. Quarter the small artichoke hearts, or cut the medium hearts lengthwise into 8 wedges. With a small spoon or your fingers, scrape out any prickly inner leaves. As you work, drop the artichokes into the lemon water to prevent browning. Spread the bread crumbs in a single layer on a light-colored baking shee <END>
INPUT: mousse, good semisweet chocolate, good bittersweet chocolate, orange liqueur, water, pure vanilla extract
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate Orange Mousse | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 ounces good semisweet chocolate, chopped; 2 ounces good bittersweet chocolate, chopped; 1/4 cup orange liqueur (recommended: Grand Marnier); 1/4 cup water; 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract; 1 teaspoon grated orange zest; 12 tablespoons (1 1/2 sticks) unsalted butter, at room temperature; 8 extra-large eggs, at room temperature, separated; 1/2 cup plus 2 tablespoons sugar; Pinch kosher salt; 1/2 cup cold heavy cream; Whipped Cream, recipe follows, for decoration; Mandarin oranges, drained, for decoration; 2 cups (1 pint) cold heavy cream; 2 tablespoons sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine the 2 chocolates, orange liqueur, 1/4 cup water, and the vanilla in a heat-proof bowl. Set it over a pan of simmering water just until the chocolate melts. Cool completely to room temperature. Whisk in the orange zest and butter until combined. Place the egg yolks and 1/2 cup of the sugar in the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment. Beat on high speed for 4 minutes, or until very thick and pale yellow. With the mixer on low speed, add the chocolate mixture. Transfer to a large bowl. Place 1 cup of egg whites (save or discard the rest), the salt, and 1 tablespoon  <END>
INPUT: American, deluxe, burger, shallots, pepper flakes, smoked paprika, Worcestershire sauce
OUTPUT: TITLE: Deluxe Black Bean Burger | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 (15-ounce) cans black beans, drained and rinsed; 2 shallots, minced; 1 teaspoon red pepper flakes; 1 teaspoon smoked paprika; 1 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce; 1 teaspoon hot sauce; 1 teaspoon freshly chopped cilantro leaves; 1 egg white, slightly beaten; 3 tablespoons whole-wheat flour; 1/2 tablespoon kosher salt; 1 tablespoon cracked black pepper; 3 tablespoons olive oil; Spinach; Sliced roasted red peppers, jarred; Sliced red onion | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large bowl, finely mash the black beans with a potato masher or your hands. Add the shallots, red pepper flakes, smoked paprika, Worcestershire, hot sauce, cilantro, egg white, flour, salt and pepper. Mix well with a wooden spoon. Form into 4 patties and arrange on a platter. In a large saute pan over medium-high heat, add the oil. Sear patties for 3 to 4 minutes on each side until they have a nice crust. Remove the patties to a paper towel lined platter. Assemble the sandwiches with a patty, some spinach, roasted red peppers and red onion on the multi-grain rolls. Top with a good drizzle <END>
INPUT: Italian, risotto, low salt chicken, water, olive oil, onions, arborio rice grain
OUTPUT: TITLE: Risotto with Chicken Livers, Sherry and Truffle Oil | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 2 14 1/2-ounce cans low-salt chicken broth; 2 cups water; 1 tablespoon olive oil; 3 green onions, chopped; 1 1/4 cups arborio rice or medium-grain white rice (about 8 ounces); 2 tablespoons plus 1/4 cup dry Sherry; 1 tablespoon butter; 3/4 pound chicken livers, trimmed, lobes separated, patted dry; All purpose flour; 2 tablespoons truffle oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Reserve 1/2 cup broth. Combine remaining broth and 2 cups water in heavy medium saucepan and bring to simmer. Remove from heat. Cover to keep warm. Heat olive oil in large saucepan over medium heat. Add green onions; sauté 1 minute. Add rice; sauté 2 minutes. Add 2 tablespoons Sherry and stir until absorbed. Add 3/4 cup warm broth mixture and stir until liquid is absorbed. Continue adding remaining broth mixture, 3/4 cup at a time, stirring occasionally, until rice is tender, about 30 minutes. Season risotto with salt and pepper. Meanwhile, melt butter in large skillet over medium-high heat. S <END>
INPUT: coyote, chili beans, Spicy tomato juice, tomatoes, beef steak cubed, dill pickle juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Coyote's Pickle Chili | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 cups chili beans, pre-cooked (canned chili beans work too); 1 large can V-8 Spicy tomato juice; 4 tomatoes, coarsely chopped; 3 lbs. ground beef or steak cubed; 2 cups dill pickle juice; 1/2 large onion, coarsely chopped; 2 tablespoons minced garlic | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large pot, start to cook the chili beans or start warming them if precooked. Meanwhile, in a large skillet saute the onion and minced garlic until onion is slightly transparent, then add the ground beef or steak, brown until half cooked, add to the beans. Add the tomatoes, pickle juice, and just enough water to come barely over the top of chili. Simmer until water is almost boiled off, stirring occasionally. Chili is done when it is nice and thick and a wooden spoon will almost stand up in it. Garnish with coarsely grated sharp cheddar cheese and onion pieces. <END>
INPUT: Indian, chutney, seedless tangerines, wine vinegar, mustard, salt, jalapeño pepper jelly
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tangerine Chutney | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 9 small seedless tangerines, unpeeled; 3 tablespoons red wine vinegar; 1 tablespoon dry mustard; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 1 1/2 cups red jalapeño pepper jelly; 3/4 cup tangerine, orange, or lemon marmalade | INSTRUCTIONS: Finely grate enough peel off tangerines to measure 3 tablespoons. Using small sharp knife, cut all peel and white pith off tangerines. Working over large sieve set in bowl, cut between membranes, releasing segments into sieve. Place in refrigerator and let segments drain at least 2 hours and up to 6 hours. Stir vinegar, mustard, and salt in medium bowl until mustard dissolves. Mix in jelly, marmalade, and 3 tablespoons grated tangerine peel. Cover and chill chutney base up to 6 hours. Gently fold tangerine segments into chutney base and serve. Finely grate enough peel off tangerines to measure <END>
INPUT: American, meatloaf, portobello mushroom, Italian eggplant, turkey breast, oregano
OUTPUT: TITLE: Turkey Meatloaf | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 large portobello mushroom; 1 small Italian eggplant; 1 pound lean ground turkey breast; 1 (4-ounce) can tomato paste; 2 teaspoons dried oregano; 2 teaspoons dried basil; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 1 tablespoon oyster sauce; 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce; 1 teaspoon paprika; 1/4 red onion, finely chopped; 2 cloves garlic, crushed; 1 large egg; 1 spray canola oil cooking spray | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Using a food processor with the grinder attachment, grind mushroom and eggplant together. In a large bowl, combine mushroom mixture with all remaining ingredients, except cooking spray, until just mixed; be careful not to overwork. Spray a nonstick 9 by 5 by 3-inch loaf pan once with canola oil cooking spray. With clean hands, pat the turkey mixture into the pan. Bake for 45 minutes or until internal temperature reaches 160 degrees F. <END>
INPUT: Asian, four, chicken thighs, cornstarch, pepper, sea salt peanut, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spicy Four-Chile Pepper Chicken | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 2 pounds bone-in skinless chicken thighs, cut into 2-inch chunks through the bone; 2 heaping tablespoons cornstarch; 1/4 teaspoon ground white pepper; Pinch sea salt 2 cups peanut oil; 2 cloves garlic, roughly chopped; One 2-inch piece fresh ginger, peeled and sliced into coins; 1 jalapeno, stemmed, seeded and diced; 1 tablespoon Sichuan peppercorns; 10 whole dried red chiles, such as Sichuan or Arbol; 1 green bell pepper, stemmed, seeded and cut into 1-inch chunks; 2 to 3 tablespoons Chinkiang (black rice vinegar); 2 tablespoons light soy sauce; 1/4 cup chili oil; 1 tablespoon toasted sesame oil, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Toss the chicken pieces in a mixing bowl with the cornstarch, white pepper and salt to coat. Set aside for 5 minutes. Meanwhile, heat the oil to 350 degrees F in a wok over medium-high heat, or until a small cube of bread dropped into the oil floats and turns golden brown in 10 to 15 seconds. Add the chicken and cook, stirring frequently with a slotted spoon, until cooked through, about 5 minutes. Transfer to a paper-towel-lined plate to drain. Drain all but 1 tablespoon of the oil from the wok. Return the wok to medium-high heat and the garlic, ginger and jalapenos and stir-fry briefly until  <END>
INPUT: fool, Peel juice blood, sugar, Scant water, heavy cream, blood oranges
OUTPUT: TITLE: Blood Orange Fool | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Peel and juice of 1 blood orange; 1 cup sugar; Scant 1/4 cup water; 1 pint heavy cream; 2 blood oranges, halved, pulp removed; 1/2 cup toasted almonds, chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: In a small saucepan combine blood orange juice and peel, sugar and water. Bring to a boil and reduce to approximately 1 cup. Allow to cool, cover and refrigerate syrup overnight. Strain out peel and pulp of orange. Whip cream to stiff peaks with 1/4 cup syrup. Spoon into blood orange halves. Sprinkle tops with almonds. <END>
INPUT: refrigerated sauerkraut, dark beer, dark sugar, Belgian kriek, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Beer-Braised Hot Dogs with Braised Sauerkraut | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 cups refrigerated sauerkraut, rinsed, drained; 1/2 cup dark beer (such as porter); 1 tablespoon dark brown sugar; 1 12-ounce bottle Belgian kriek (cherry) or raspberry lambic beer; 2 tablespoons sugar; 6 all-beef hot dogs; 6 grilled hot dog buns; Mustard | INSTRUCTIONS: For sauerkraut: Simmer sauerkraut, beer, and sugar in heavy large skillet over medium-high heat 5 minutes. Season with pepper. Simmer sauerkraut, beer, and sugar in heavy large skillet over medium-high heat 5 minutes. Season with pepper. For hot dogs: Bring beer and sugar to simmer in medium skillet over medium-low heat. Add hot dogs; simmer until dogs plump and beer syrup coats lightly, about 8 minutes. Transfer dogs to grill; reserve syrup. Top each bun with grilled hot dog and sauerkraut; drizzle with reserved beer syrup. Serve with mustard. Bring beer and sugar to simmer in medium skillet  <END>
INPUT: slow, Kosher salt, Dijon mustard, sage, marjoram
OUTPUT: TITLE: Slow-Roasted Pork Shoulder with Mustard and Sage | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 skinless, bone-in pork shoulder (Boston butt; 5–6 pounds); Kosher salt, freshly ground pepper; 1/2 cup Dijon mustard; 1/4 cup finely chopped fresh sage; 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh marjoram; 4 garlic cloves, finely chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: Place a rack in lower third of oven; preheat to 325°F. Season pork with salt and pepper. Mix mustard, sage, marjoram, and garlic in a small bowl. Spread all over pork, working it into all the crevices. Place pork, fat side up, on a rack set inside a roasting pan and roast, basting with pan juices about every hour and tenting with foil if pork browns too quickly, until pork is well browned and very tender, 5–6 hours (depending on size of pork shoulder). Let pork rest at least 10 minutes before serving (the meat should pull apart easily). Place a rack in lower third of oven; preheat to 325°F. Se <END>
INPUT: strawberries, sugar, tequila blanco, lemon juice, rosé
OUTPUT: TITLE: The Mosé | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 strawberries, hulled, sliced; 1 teaspoon sugar; 2 ounces tequila blanco; 1 ounce fresh lemon juice; 3/4 ounce dry rosé | INSTRUCTIONS: Muddle strawberries and sugar in a cocktail shaker until lightly crushed. Add tequila, lemon juice, rosé, and a single large ice cube. Cover and shake until outside of the shaker is frosty, about 30 seconds. Pour drink with ice cube into a rocks glass (do not strain). Muddle strawberries and sugar in a cocktail shaker until lightly crushed. Add tequila, lemon juice, rosé, and a single large ice cube. Cover and shake until outside of the shaker is frosty, about 30 seconds. Pour drink with ice cube into a rocks glass (do not strain). <END>
INPUT: shortbread, cookies, all purpose flour, salt, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Brown-Sugar Shortbread Cookies | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup (2 sticks) unsalted butter, room temperature; 1 cup (packed) golden brown sugar; 2 cups all purpose flour; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 1 tablespoon sugar; 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 325°F. Lightly butter 9-inch-diameter springform pan. Using electric mixer, beat 1 cup butter in large bowl until light and fluffy. Add brown sugar and beat will. Using rubber spatula, mix flour and salt (do not overmix). Press dough into prepared pan. Combine 1 tablespoon sugar and cinnamon in small bowl. Sprinkle cinnamon sugar over dough. Cut into 12 wedges, using ruler as guide and cutting through dough. Pierce each wedge several times with toothpick. Bake until shortbread is brown, firm at edges and slightly soft in center, about 1 hour. Cool shortbread completely in pan o <END>
INPUT: spiced, cumin, paprika, cayenne, olive oil, honey
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spiced Carrots | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 teaspoon ground cumin; 1/4 teaspoon paprika; Pinch of cayenne; 1 teaspoon olive oil; 2 teaspoons honey; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 1 1/4 lb carrots, cut into 1/4-inch-thick matchsticks; 1 1/2 teaspoons fresh lemon juice; 1 1/2 tablespoons coarsely chopped fresh flat-leaf parsley | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook spices in oil in a small nonstick skillet over low heat, stirring, until fragrant, about 2 minutes. Remove from heat and cool slightly, then stir in honey and salt. Cook carrots in a 4-quart saucepan of boiling salted water until tender, 4 to 5 minutes, then drain in a colander. Toss warm carrots in a bowl with spiced oil and lemon juice. Just before serving, toss with parsley and salt to taste. Serve warm or at room temperature. Cook spices in oil in a small nonstick skillet over low heat, stirring, until fragrant, about 2 minutes. Remove from heat and cool slightly, then stir in honey a <END>
INPUT: saffron threads, coconut oil olive, almonds, cinnamon, cayenne pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Saffron Quinoa with Dried Cherries and Almonds | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 teaspoon saffron threads (optional); 3 tablespoons coconut oil or olive oil, divided; 1 1/2 cups sliced almonds; 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon; Pinch of cayenne pepper; 1 3/4 teaspoons kosher salt, divided; 1 medium onion, chopped; 2 cups quinoa; 1 1/2 cups dried cherries | INSTRUCTIONS: Crush saffron, if using, with the handle of a wooden spoon (or crush between your fingers) in a small bowl until a powder forms. Add 1 Tbsp. hot water. Swirl gently; set aside to steep. Heat 1 Tbsp. oil in a large pot over medium-high. Add almonds, cinnamon, cayenne, and 1/4 tsp. salt and cook, stirring occasionally, until toasted and fragrant, about 2 minutes. Using a slotted spoon, transfer almonds to a small bowl; reserve oil in pot. Heat oil in pot over medium-high. Add onion and remaining 2 Tbsp. oil and 1 1/2 tsp. salt, reduce heat to medium, and cook until onion is light brown and trans <END>
INPUT: cakes, lump Dungeness crabmeat, bread crumbs, mayonnaise, Dijon mustard, hot sauce
OUTPUT: TITLE: Crispy Crab Cakes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound lump Dungeness crabmeat, drained; 3 cups fresh bread crumbs, divided; 2 tablespoons mayonnaise; 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard; 1 teaspoon hot sauce; 3 eggs, divided; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley leaves; 1/2 lemon, juiced; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1/2 cup all-purpose flour; 1/4 cup water; 1 1/2 cups canola oil; 1/2 cup mayonnaise; 2 teaspoons sweet chili sauce; 2 teaspoons blood orange juice | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. In a medium bowl add the crabmeat, 1 cup of the bread crumbs, mayonnaise, mustard, hot sauce, 1 egg, parsley, lemon juice, and salt and pepper, to taste, and gently combine. Divide the crab mixture into 6 equal patties and arrange on a sheet pan lined with waxed paper. Set up a breading station using 3 baking dishes or pie plates. In the first dish combine the flour with a healthy pinch of salt and pepper. In the second dish whisk together the remaining 2 eggs with 1/4 cup of water. In the third dish combine the remaining bread crumbs with a healthy pinch of salt <END>
INPUT: surprise, water, quick grits, heavy cream, Vidalia onion, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sweet Onions and Grits Surprise | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 cups water; 1 cup quick grits; 1 cup heavy cream; 1 large Vidalia onion, chopped; 2 cloves garlic, minced; 2 pounds uncooked shrimp, peeled and deveined; 3 cups chicken broth; 2 tablespoons olive oil; Salt; Vidalia spring onions, chopped (as garnish) | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large saucepan on stovetop, bring water to a boil and stir in grits. Cook grits for 5 minutes and remove from heat. Stir in cream. Saute the onion and garlic in olive oil until onions are tender, then add shrimp. Cook until the shrimp are pink. Pour chicken stock into mixture. Stir and simmer on low heat for 15 minutes. Garnish with Vidalia spring onions. Pour grits onto a serving dish and top with shrimp mixture. <END>
INPUT: skewers, quince paste, almonds, Manchego cheese, watercress
OUTPUT: TITLE: Manchego Quince Skewers | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound quince paste, see note; 1 cup almonds, roasted and finely chopped; 1 pound Manchego cheese, see note; 1 bunch watercress | INSTRUCTIONS: Cut the quince paste into 1-inch cubes and roll them in the crushed almonds. Cut the cheese into 1-inch cubes. Put a quince cube onto a toothpick, then a watercress leaf followed by a cube of cheese. Place on a platter and serve. Note: Parmigiano-Reggiano can be substituted for the Manchego. Quince paste can be found in cheese shops or Latin markets. <END>
INPUT: warmer, apple applesauce, lump sugar, jigger applejack, Hot water, nutmeg
OUTPUT: TITLE: Applejack Warmer | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 teaspoon baked apple or applesauce; 1 lump of sugar; 1 jigger of applejack; Hot water; Garnish: fresh nutmeg | INSTRUCTIONS: In a warmed glass, combine baked apple or applesauce with lump of sugar and jigger of applejack. Fill the glass with hot water and stir the drink well. Sprinkle the top with a grinding of fresh nutmeg. In a warmed glass, combine baked apple or applesauce with lump of sugar and jigger of applejack. Fill the glass with hot water and stir the drink well. Sprinkle the top with a grinding of fresh nutmeg. <END>
INPUT: baking potatoes, butter, Cheddar cheese, milk, chives
OUTPUT: TITLE: Stuffed Baked Potatoes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 large baking potatoes; 1 stick butter; 1 cup grated Cheddar cheese; 3/4 cup milk, plus more if needed; 2 tablespoons chopped chives, optional; Salt and pepper, to taste | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 425 degrees. Wash potatoes and poke 2 or 3 vent holes in each with a fork. Bake potatoes in oven until done, about 1 hour. (Poke with a fork and if fork goes in easily they are done). Remove potatoes from oven and allow to cool for 10 minutes. Slice potatoes in 1/2 lengthwise and scoop pulp into mixing bowl being careful not to break skin. Mash potatoes with butter, cheese, milk, and chives. Taste-test and adjust seasoning if necessary with salt and pepper. Spoon mashed potatoes back into skins and place in a 9 by 13-inch dish. Return to oven and heat thoroughly. <END>
INPUT: cookies, all purpose flour, baking soda, sea salt, unsalted butter, vanilla sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate Chip Cookies with Salt | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 cups all-purpose flour; 1/2 teaspoon baking soda; About 2 1/2 teaspoons sea salt, divided; 10 ounces unsalted butter, at room temperature; 1 cup vanilla sugar; 2 large eggs; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; 12 ounces bitter chocolate chips, or bitter chocolate cut in very small pieces | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 375°. Line two baking sheets with parchment paper. Sift together onto a piece of waxed paper the flour, the soda, and one half teaspoon of the salt. In a large bowl, whisk together the butter and the sugar until it is light and pale yellow. Whisk in the eggs one at a time until thoroughly blended. Whisk in the vanilla, then stir in the flour just until it is blended. Stir in the chocolate chips or pieces and mix until they are evenly distributed throughout the dough. Drop the dough by tablespoons full onto the prepared baking sheets. Sprinkle each with a generous pinch of s <END>
INPUT: pitas, plain low fat, virgin olive oil, Juice lemon, garlic, Kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Shrimp and Kale Pitas | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup plain low-fat yogurt; 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; Juice of 1 lemon; 1 small clove garlic, finely grated; Kosher salt; 1/8 teaspoon cayenne pepper; 1 small bunch kale, stems removed and leaves thinly sliced; 3/4 pound medium shrimp, peeled and deveined; 1 15-ounce can no-salt-added chickpeas, drained and rinsed; 1 pint grape tomatoes, halved; 1/2 small red onion, thinly sliced; 4 pieces pita bread, halved | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the broiler. Whisk the yogurt, 2 1/2 tablespoons olive oil, the lemon juice, garlic, 1/4 teaspoon salt and the cayenne in a large bowl. Add the kale and toss to coat; set aside at room temperature while you prepare the shrimp. Toss the shrimp with the remaining 1/2 tablespoon olive oil on a baking sheet. Broil until just cooked through, 4 to 5 minutes; let cool slightly. Add the shrimp, chickpeas, tomatoes and red onion to the bowl with the kale; toss to coat. Stack the pitas on a plate and warm in the microwave, about 30 seconds. Fill with the shrimp-kale mixture. Photograph by Justin <END>
INPUT: chapatis, wheat flour, all purpose flour, plain yogurt, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Whole Wheat Chapatis | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup whole wheat flour; 1 cup all-purpose flour, plus more for dusting; 1/4 cup plain yogurt; 1 tablespoon salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Whisk whole wheat flour and 1 cup all-purpose flour in a medium bowl. Make a well in the center and add yogurt, salt, and 3/4 cup water. Mix with a wooden spoon until a shaggy dough forms. Turn out dough onto a lightly floured surface and knead, adding more all-purpose flour as needed, until dough is smooth, elastic, and no longer sticky, 8–10 minutes. Dust with more all-purpose flour, wrap in plastic, and let rest at least 1 hour at room temperature. Divide dough into 12 pieces. Working with 1 piece at a time and keeping the other pieces covered with plastic wrap, roll out on a lightly floure <END>
INPUT: strawberry, pops, milk, plain greek yogurt, strawberries, honey
OUTPUT: TITLE: Strawberry Yogurt Ice Pops | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup milk; 1 cup plain greek yogurt; 1 cup diced fresh strawberries; 3 tablespoons honey; 2–3 extra strawberries, to slice into rounds for garnish, if desired; 10 3-ounce paper cups; 10 wooden ice pop sticks | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. In a blender place 1 cup strawberries, milk, yogurt and honey and blend for 1 minute until smooth. 2. Place a strawberry slice in the bottom of a 3 ounce dixie cup. Repeat with the other cups. 3. Fill each cup 3/4 of the way full with the strawberry yogurt mixture and place them in the freezer. 4. Remove cups from the freezer after 1 hour and stick a popsicle stick into the center of each cup. 5. Place cups back in the freezer and let freeze for an additional 4–6 hours. 6. Remove cups from freezer, peel off the paper and serve immediately! 1. In a blender place 1 cup strawberries, milk, yog <END>
INPUT: cookies, bittersweet chocolate, unsalted butter, sugar, eggs, vanilla extract
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate Chocolate Cookies | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound bittersweet chocolate, chopped; 2 ounces unsalted butter; 1 cup sugar; 4 eggs; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; Pinch salt; 1/2 cup all-purpose flour; 1/4 tablespoon baking powder; 1 pound white chocolate, roughly chopped; 1/2 pound whole skinned hazelnuts, see Cook's Note* | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. In a double boiler over simmering water, melt the bittersweet chocolate and butter stirring constantly. In a large mixing bowl, whisk together the sugar, eggs, vanilla extract, and salt. In a separate bowl, sift together the flour and baking powder. Combine the chocolate, flour, and egg mixtures together. Stir in the white chocolate and hazelnuts. Rest the dough in the refrigerator until it begins to set up but is still soft enough to spoon out. Using 2 spoons, drop 1 tablespoon portions of dough 2 inches apart on a parchment paper-lined sheet pan. Bake for 1 <END>
INPUT: Brussels sprouts, unsalted butter, salt, pepper, wine
OUTPUT: TITLE: Brussels Sprouts in Wine | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 pounds small Brussels sprouts; 4 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 1 tablespoon medium dry white wine; 1 tablespoon lemon juice | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large bowl full of lightly salted water, soak the sprouts for 10 minutes to clean them, then rinse under running water. Trim off and discard any tough outer leaves. Cut each sprout in half lengthwise, and then thinly slice them crosswise. In a large skillet, melt the butter over medium high heat. Saute the sprouts until they begin to turn golden, then add the salt, pepper and wine and cook for about 4 minutes more, or until barely limp (the wine will change the cooking method from sauteing to steaming). Stir in the lemon juice, taste for seasoning, and serve immediately. <END>
INPUT: Asian, crunchy, bowl, Thai chiles, garlic, creamy peanut butter, unsweetened coconut milk, dark sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Crunchy Veg Bowl With Warm Peanut Sauce | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 2 red or green Thai chiles, chopped; 1 garlic clove, grated; 1 cup creamy peanut butter; 3/4 cup unsweetened coconut milk; 2 tablespoons dark brown sugar; 2 tablespoons fresh lime juice; 2 tablespoons soy sauce; 2 teaspoons fish sauce; Kosher salt; 4 large eggs, room temperature; 1/4 head of Napa cabbage, thinly sliced; 3 scallions, thinly sliced; 1 golden beet, scrubbed, cut into matchsticks; 1 celery stalk, thinly sliced on a diagonal; 1 Persian cucumber, halved lengthwise, thinly sliced crosswise | INSTRUCTIONS: Make the sauce Pulse chiles, garlic, peanut butter, coconut milk, brown sugar, lime juice, soy sauce, and fish sauce in a blender until smooth. Transfer peanut sauce to a small saucepan and add 1/4 cup water (if too thick, add a splash or so of water as needed). Heat over medium-low, whisking often, until smooth and hot, about 5 minutes; season with salt. Keep warm over low heat, whisking occasionally. Pulse chiles, garlic, peanut butter, coconut milk, brown sugar, lime juice, soy sauce, and fish sauce in a blender until smooth. Transfer peanut sauce to a small saucepan and add 1/4 cup water ( <END>
INPUT: custard, spiced, heavy cream, water, sugar, carrageenan, dark chocolate chips
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate Custard Cream with Spiced Raspberries and Cocoa Nib Tuile | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 3/4 cup heavy cream; 1 cup water; 1/2 cup sugar; 1 1/2 teaspoons carrageenan; 1 cup 40 percent dark chocolate chips, melted; 1 cup heavy cream, plus 1 cup; 1 cup cocoa nibs; 4 sheets bronze gelatin, bloomed; 1/4 cup egg whites; 1/2 cup sugar; 3 cups port; 4 cloves; 2 sticks cinnamon; 1 star anise; 1 whole allspice | INSTRUCTIONS: To make the chocolate sheet: In a saucepan, mix the cream, water, sugar, and carageenan. Add the melted chocolate and bring to a boil, stirring continuously. Pour through a chinois onto an acetate-lined quarter sheet pan. Let set.; To make the cocoa nib cream: Bring 1 cup of the cream to a boil in a saucepan with the cocoa nibs. Simmer for 5 minutes, and then pour into a blender and blend well. Transfer to a bowl and add the gelatin. In a medium bowl, whip the whites and sugar to medium peaks. Fold the whites into the cocoa nib mixture. Whip the remaining 1 cup cream to soft peaks and fold int <END>
INPUT: beans, water, onion, garlic, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tortillas in Black-Bean Purée | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 pound dried black beans, picked over; 7 cups water; 1 medium onion, halved; 2 garlic cloves, peeled and smashed; 1/2 tablespoon salt; 1 dried guajillo chile*; 1 dried avocado leaf; 1 1/2 cups plus 3 tablespoons corn oil; 12 (6- to 7-inch) corn tortillas; 1/2 cup crema or crème fraîche, thinned to pouring consistency with water if necessary; 1 cup crumbled queso fresco or mild feta (1/4 pound); Special equipment: an electric coffee/spice grinder | INSTRUCTIONS: Quick-soak beans: Put beans in a 4-quart pot and cover with water by 2 inches. Bring to a boil and boil 1 minute, then remove from heat and let beans and water stand in pot, covered, 1 hour. Drain, discarding water. Put beans in a 4-quart pot and cover with water by 2 inches. Bring to a boil and boil 1 minute, then remove from heat and let beans and water stand in pot, covered, 1 hour. Drain, discarding water. Cook beans: Return drained beans to pot and add 7 cups water. Add onion, garlic, and salt and bring to a boil, skimming froth. Reduce heat and simmer beans, partially covered, until tend <END>
INPUT: spiced, creamed, butter, onion, five spice powder, Chinese vinegar, baby spinach
OUTPUT: TITLE: Five-Spiced Creamed Spinach | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon butter; 1 large onion, minced; 1/2 tablespoon five-spice powder; 2 tablespoons Chinese vinegar; 2 pounds baby spinach; 1 cup cream; Salt and black pepper to taste | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large saucepan on medium heat, add butter and sweat the onions. Season with five spice, salt and pepper. Deglaze with vinegar and add spinach and cream. Cook on low heat to reduce liquid by 50 percent. Check for seasoning PLATING Use a very large platter and place down vegetables first and lamb on top. Carve lamb and display on the vegetables. Serve the spinach and jelly in separate bowls. <END>
INPUT: lemonade, pineapple, superfine sugar, brandy, raspberry syrup, ice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pineapple Lemonade | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 slices pineapple, coarsely chopped; 1 teaspoon superfine sugar; 1 1/2 ounces brandy; Dash raspberry syrup; 1/2 cup crushed ice; Club soda; Twist lemon peel; Pineapple stick | INSTRUCTIONS: Muddle the pineapple and sugar thoroughly in a cocktail shaker. Add the brandy, raspberry syrup and ice. Shake vigorously. Strain into a highball glass, fill up with soda, and decorate with lemon peel and pineapple stick. Muddle the pineapple and sugar thoroughly in a cocktail shaker. Add the brandy, raspberry syrup and ice. Shake vigorously. Strain into a highball glass, fill up with soda, and decorate with lemon peel and pineapple stick. <END>
INPUT: hattie, pepper, kosher salt, garlic powder, all purpose flour
OUTPUT: TITLE: Hattie's Fried Chicken | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 (3 1/2-pound) chicken, cut into 8 pieces, rinsed and patted dry; 1 tablespoon freshly ground black pepper; 1/2 tablespoon kosher salt; 1 teaspoon garlic powder; 1 cups all-purpose flour; 1 cup vegetable oil, for frying | INSTRUCTIONS: Put chicken in a large baking dish and sprinkle on the pepper, salt, and garlic powder. Refrigerate chicken for 1 hour. Put the flour in a large, sturdy plastic bag. Add the chicken, a few pieces at a time, and shake to coat. Remove from the bag and shake off any excess flour. In a large cast iron skillet, heat the oil until shimmering. Carefully drop chicken into the uncovered skillet and fry over moderate heat, turning until golden brown and cooked through, about 30 minutes. Lower the heat if the chicken gets too dark. Remove and drain excess oil on paper towels. <END>
INPUT: Italian, vinaigrette, garlic, anchovy fillets oil, pepper flakes, kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Garlic, Oregano, and Lemon Vinaigrette | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 2 garlic cloves; 2 anchovy fillets packed in oil (drained); 1/2 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes; kosher salt; 1/2 seeded, finely chopped lemon (with peel); 1/4 cup (loosely packed) fresh oregano leaves; 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil; fresh lemon juice | INSTRUCTIONS: Finely chop 2 garlic cloves, 2 anchovy fillets packed in oil (drained), 1/2 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, and a pinch of kosher salt in a mini-processor. Add 1/2 seeded, finely chopped lemon (with peel) and 1/4 cup (loosely packed) fresh oregano leaves; pulse a few times to coarsely chop. Add 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil; process until a coarse purée forms. Season with more salt and fresh lemon juice, if desired. DO AHEAD: Can be made 2 days ahead. Cover and chill. Finely chop 2 garlic cloves, 2 anchovy fillets packed in oil (drained), 1/2 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, and a pinc <END>
INPUT: blueberry, balsamic vinegar, sugar, Lime peel from
OUTPUT: TITLE: Blueberry Balsamic Vinegar | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 cups frozen, thawed or fresh blueberries; 1 quart balsamic vinegar; 1/4 cup sugar; Lime peel cut in strips from 1 lime (green part only); 1 (3-inch) cinnamon stick | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large non-reactive saucepan, crush blueberries with a potato masher or back of a heavy spoon. Add vinegar, sugar, lime and cinnamon and bring to a boil. Reduce heat and simmer, covered, for 20 minutes. Cool slightly and pour into a large bowl. Cover and refrigerate for 2 days to allow flavors to blend. Place a wire mesh strainer over a large bowl. In batches, ladle blueberry mixture into strainer, pressing out as much liquid as possible. Discard solids. Pour vinegar into clean glass bottles or jars, and refrigerate, tightly covered, indefinitely. Use in salad dressings or drizzled over ch <END>
INPUT: pastry dough single, eggs, light sugar, vanilla, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Macadamia Coconut Tart | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: pastry dough for a single-crust pie; 3 large eggs; 1 1/4 cups packed light brown sugar; 1/2 teaspoon vanilla; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 1/2 stick (1/4 cup) unsalted butter, melted and cooled slightly; 1 1/2 cups dry-roasted macadamia nuts (7 ounces), toasted and coarsely chopped; 1 cup sweetened flaked coconut (2 3/4 ounces); Special equipment: a 10-inch fluted tart pan (1 inch deep) with a removable bottom; pie weights or raw rice | INSTRUCTIONS: Roll out dough into a 13-inch round on a lightly floured surface with a lightly floured rolling pin. Fit into tart pan and trim edges. Chill shell until firm, about 30 minutes. Put oven rack in middle position and preheat oven to 375°F. Lightly prick bottom of shell all over with a fork, then line with foil and fill with pie weights. Bake until side is set and edge is pale golden, about 20 minutes. Carefully remove foil and weights and bake shell until deep golden, 10 to 15 minutes more. Leave oven on. Whisk together eggs, brown sugar, vanilla, and salt until combined, then whisk in melted but <END>
INPUT: Indian, curry, chicken, mustard seed, coriander seed, grains paradise, peppercorns, pink peppercorns
OUTPUT: TITLE: Green Curry Fried Chicken with Smoked Oyster Aioli | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 10 grams yellow mustard seed; 8 grams green coriander seed; 8 grams grains of paradise; 8 grams black peppercorns; 8 grams pink peppercorns; 5 grams green peppercorns; 3 grams fennel seeds; 3 grams blade mace; 1 gram cinnamon stick; 1 gram whole cloves; 1 gram star anise; 150 grams yellow onion, chopped; 100 grams ginger, peeled and sliced; 100 grams spinach, chopped; 66 grams fresh cilantro, chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: Food smoker, such as Polyscience Smoking Gun, sous-vide circulator, dehydrator For the marinade: Toast the mustard seeds, coriander seeds, grains of paradise, black peppercorns, pink peppercorns, green peppercorns, fennel seeds, mace, cinnamon, cloves and star anise in a dry skillet until fragrant, being careful to not burn. Blend the toasted spices in a spice grinder. In a blender or food processor, blend the spices, onions, ginger, spinach, cilantro, garlic, tamari, salt and chiles until smooth. Add the grapeseed oil and blend until emulsified. Marinate the chicken in the  <END>
INPUT: Asian, drop, soup, low sodium chicken, piece ginger, scallions, mirin
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken Egg-Drop Soup | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 4 cups low-sodium chicken broth; 1 1-inch piece ginger, thinly sliced; 4 scallions, roughly chopped; 2 tablespoons mirin (sweet rice wine) or dry sherry; 1/2 pound skinless, boneless chicken breasts, cut into 1/4-inch cubes; 1 teaspoon toasted sesame oil; 4 tablespoons cornstarch; Kosher salt and freshly ground white pepper; 3 large eggs, well beaten; 1 small bunch watercress, tough stems removed | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring the chicken broth, ginger and scallions to a boil in a saucepan. Cover, reduce the heat to medium low and simmer 20 minutes. Remove from the heat and strain into a large bowl; discard the ginger and scallions. Return the broth to the saucepan and stir in the mirin. Meanwhile, toss the chicken, sesame oil, 1 tablespoon cornstarch, 1/2 teaspoon salt and 1/2 teaspoon white pepper in a bowl. Refrigerate until ready to use. Dissolve the remaining 3 tablespoons cornstarch in 1/4 cup water. Return the broth to a simmer over medium heat. Add the cornstarch mixture and cook, stirring, until gloss <END>
INPUT: tart, egg, vanilla extract, almond extract, slivered almonds, Smucker's® Seedless Raspberry
OUTPUT: TITLE: Butterscotch Berry Tart | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 large egg; 1 tsp. vanilla extract; 1/2 tsp. almond extract; 1/2 cup slivered almonds, toasted*, plus 2 tablespoons, divided; 1/2 cup Smucker's® Seedless Red Raspberry Jam, plus 2 tablespoons, divided; 1/2 cup Smucker's® Butterscotch Spoonable Ice Cream Topping, plus 2 tablespoons, divided; 5 cups fresh berries, quartered if large, such as strawberries, blueberries, raspberries and blackberries; 1 cup Pillsbury BEST® All Purpose Flour; 1/3 cup sugar; 1/4 tsp. salt; 6 tbsps. Crisco® Butter Flavor All-Vegetable Shortening, chilled | INSTRUCTIONS: HEAT oven to 350 degrees F. Combine flour, sugar and salt in processor; blend 10 seconds. Add shortening, blending until mixture resembles coarse meal. Add egg, vanilla and almond extracts. Process until moist clumps form, turning mixer on/off to scrape sides. GATHER dough into ball and, using floured fingertips, press dough onto bottom and up sides of 9-inch tart pan with removeable bottom. PRESS 1/2 cup almonds over bottom of crust. Spread 1/2 cup jam over almonds; spread 1/2 cup butterscotch topping over jam. BAKE tart until crust is golden at edges and jam is thick and bubbly, about 40 min <END>
INPUT: Italian, berry, wheat berries, pearl barley, onion, garlic, balsamic vinegar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Wheat Berry and Barley Salad with Smoked Mozzarella | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup wheat berries; 1 cup pearl barley; 1 small red onion, chopped fine; 2 garlic cloves, minced and mashed to a paste with 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/4 cup balsamic vinegar; 1/4 cup olive oil (preferably extra-virgin); 6 scallions, chopped fine; 1 1/2 cups cooked corn (cut from about 2 large ears); 1/2 pound smoked mozzarella cheese, diced fine; 1 pint vine-ripened cherry tomatoes, halved; 1/2 cup chopped fresh chives; Parsley Salad as an accompaniment if desired | INSTRUCTIONS: Into a kettle of salted boiling water stir wheat berries and cook at a slow boil 30 minutes. Stir in barley and cook grains at a slow boil 40 minutes While grains are cooking, in a large bowl stir together onion, garlic paste, vinegar, and oil. Drain grains well and add to onion mixture. Toss mixture well and cool. Add scallions, corn, mozzarella, tomatoes, chives, and salt and pepper to taste and toss well. Salad may be made 1 day ahead and chilled, covered. Bring salad to room temperature before serving. Serve salad with parsley salad. Into a kettle of salted boiling water stir wheat berries <END>
INPUT: fish, cakes, russet potatoes, orange roughy fillet, bay shrimp, smoked salmon, onions
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fish Cakes with Shrimp and Smoked Salmon | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound russet potatoes, peeled, cut into 1/2-inch pieces; 1 6-ounce orange roughy fillet; 1/4 pound bay shrimp, chopped; 3 ounces smoked salmon, chopped; 1/2 cup chopped green onions; 1/4 cup chopped fresh dill; 2 teaspoons grated lemon peel; 2 cups fresh breadcrumbs from French bread; 5 tablespoons (about) vegetable oil; Lemon wedges | INSTRUCTIONS: Steam potatoes until tender, about 10 minutes. Transfer potatoes to large bowl and mash. Steam fish until cooked through, about 10 minutes. Transfer fish to plate; cool 5 minutes. Flake fish and add to potatoes. Mix in shrimp, smoked salmon, green onions, dill and lemon peel. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Using about 1/3 cupful at a time, shape fish mixture into 12 balls; flatten into 1/2-inch-thick cakes. Place bread- crumbs in shallow bowl. Coat each cake with breadcrumbs, pressing to adhere. Heat 3 tablespoons oil in heavy large skillet over medium heat. Working in batches, sauté fi <END>
INPUT: olive oil, wine vinegar, oregano, bay leaves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pickled and Grilled Octopus | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 (3 to 4pound) frozen whole octopus; 1/2 cup olive oil; 3/4 cup red wine vinegar; 3 tablespoons finely chopped fresh oregano; 2 bay leaves; 1 teaspoon sugar; 1 teaspoon salt; 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 2 lemons, peeled, seeded and diced; Olive oil; 6 wooden skewers, soaked in cold water; Lemon wedges, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Defrost the octopus by placing it in a bowl of lightly salted water in the refrigerator, until pliable or overnight. Press out the beak. Clip the eyes from the head and discard. Turn the hood inside out and discard the viscera. Wash and rinse thoroughly under cold running water. Preheat oven to 300 degrees. Place the octopus in a deep ovenproof pan and cover, without adding water. Place in oven and cook until the octopus is bright pink-red and feels tender, turning the octopus frequently, about 1 1/2 hours. Drain the octopus in a colander and rinse under cold running water. Rub off the skin an <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, citrus, vinaigrette, Rehydrated couscous servings, individual tuna steaks, olive oil, rice wine vinegar, soy sauce
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tuna with Citrus Vinaigrette Over Couscous | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: Rehydrated couscous for 4 servings; 4 individual 1inch thick fresh tuna steaks; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 2 tablespoons rice wine vinegar; 1 1/2 tablespoons soy sauce; 1 teaspoon grated fresh ginger; 1/8 teaspoon dried red flakes; 1/3 cup orange juice; 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 1 teaspoon toasted ground cumin; 4 oranges, cut into supremes; Chopped fresh mint; Salt and pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Set the tuna steaks in a glass or porcelain dish. Blend 2 tab. olive oil, rice wine vinegar, soy sauce, ginger and dried pepper flakes. Add tuna steaks and marinate for as long as possible. Meanwhile in a glass bowl combine the orange and lemon juice, cumin, 2 tab olive oil and orange supremes. Broil or grill tuna for 3 minutes a side; you want the tuna rare. Cut it into thin strips and set over couscous; garnish with oranges and fresh mint. <END>
INPUT: Asian, wontons, salad oil, duck breasts, Granny Smith apples, raisins, Chinese five spice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Duck and Apple Wontons | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons salad oil; 4 duck breasts, skinless; 3 Granny Smith apples, peeled cored, and diced small; 2 tablespoons raisins; 1 teaspoon Chinese five-spice powder; 1 teaspoon chopped fresh garlic (1 garlic clove); 1 teaspoon chopped red onion; 2 teaspoons chopped fresh cilantro leaves; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 16 wonton skins; 1/2 cup duck sauce, soy sauce, Chinese hot sauce, or your other favorite dipping sauce | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat oil in a hot saute pan. Sear duck breasts until medium rare. Remove and let cool. In the same pan, add apples and raisins, five-spice powder, garlic and onion, and saute until tender. Remove, from heat, add cilantro, and season with salt and pepper. When cool enough to handle, dice duck, add to apple mixture and mix well. Lay out the wonton skins. Spoon a little mixture onto each skin, fold over and seal by moistening seams with a little water, making sure that no mixture oozes out. Wontons can be deep-fried or steamed in a steamer basket. Serve with your favorite dipping sauce. <END>
INPUT: bacon, Diamond Crystal kosher, pink curing salt, bay leaves, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lamb Bacon | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 5 tablespoons Diamond Crystal kosher salt; 2 teaspoons pink curing salt; 3 tablespoons (packed) dark brown sugar; 4 dried bay leaves, crushed; 1 tablespoon plus 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 1 1 1/2- to 2-pound boneless lamb breast, with silver skin intact; Cherry wood chips, apple wood chips, or other fruit wood chips | INSTRUCTIONS: Make the rub: Combine the salts, brown sugar, bay leaves, and pepper in a bowl and transfer to a large plate or a baking dish. Dredge the lamb breast in the rub and massage it into the surface of the lamb. (You'll probably have some rub left over.) Shake off any excess rub and let the meat sit, covered, in the refrigerator for 5 days, turning the lamb over once a day. Rinse the lamb breast thoroughly, pat it dry with paper towels, and allow it to sit uncovered in the refrigerator overnight. Cook the lamb bacon: Soak the wood chips in water for 30 minutes, then drain and them pat dry. Prepare y <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, salad, diameter beets, virgin olive oil, Coarse kosher salt, water, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Beet, Rhubarb, and Orange Salad | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 8 2- to 2 1/2-inch-diameter red or yellow beets, 4 of each color if available; 4 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, divided; Coarse kosher salt; 3 cups water; 1/2 cup sugar; 1 pound trimmed rhubarb stalks, cut diagonally into 1/2-inch-thick slices; 3 large oranges; 2 tablespoons unseasoned rice vinegar; 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice; 1 tablespoon minced shallot; 1 teaspoon honey; 3 cups watercress sprigs; 1 1/4 cups coarsely crumbled feta cheese (about one 7-ounce package); Fresh chervil leaves (optional) | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 400°F. Place beets on large sheet of foil. Drizzle with 1 tablespoon olive oil; sprinkle with coarse salt. Wrap beets in foil. Roast beets until tender when pierced with fork, about 1 hour. Unwrap and cool beets. Peel, then cut each into 8 wedges. Bring 3 cups water, 1/2 cup sugar, and pinch of coarse salt to simmer in large saucepan, stirring until sugar dissolves. Add rhubarb. Simmer over medium heat until just tender but still intact, 1 to 2 minutes (do not overcook or rhubarb will be mushy). Using slotted spoon, transfer rhubarb to platter and cool completely. DO AHEAD: Bee <END>
INPUT: russet, mayonnaise, water, tomato paste, anchovy paste
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sausage Stuffed Potatoes with Green Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 large russet (baking) potatoes (preferably organic; 3/4 pound each, scrubbed; 3 tablespoons mayonnaise; 1 tablespoon plus 1/2 teaspoon water, divided; 3/4 teaspoon tomato paste; 1/2 teaspoon anchovy paste; 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard, divided; 1/2 medium onion, finely chopped; 1 tablespoon olive oil plus additional for coating potatoes; 1/2 slice firm white sandwich bread; 1 tablespoon milk; 1/2 pound bulk breakfast sausage (1 cup); 1 tablespoon chopped parsley; 1/2 teaspoon fresh lemon juice; 5 cups salad greens (2 ounces) | INSTRUCTIONS: Prick potatoes with a fork. Microwave, covered with a paper towel, on high power until tender, 10 to 12 minutes. Cutting lengthwise, remove top fourth of each potato and scoop out centers (reserve for another use), leaving 1/2-inch-thick walls. Whisk together mayonnaise, 1 tablespoon water, tomato paste, anchovy paste, and 1 1/2 tablespoons mustard. Preheat oven to 350°F with rack in middle. Cook onion in oil with a pinch of salt in a small heavy skillet over medium heat, stirring occasionally, until golden, about 10 minutes. Meanwhile, tear bread into small pieces, then soak in milk in a medi <END>
INPUT: Italian, olive oil, garlic, orecchiette shell pasta, broccoli rabe, Pecorino Romano cheese
OUTPUT: TITLE: Orecchiette with Broccoli Rabe | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup olive oil; 4 garlic cloves, minced; 12 ounces orecchiette or shell pasta; 1 pound broccoli rabe, trimmed, chopped; 2/3 cup freshly grated Pecorino Romano cheese (about 2 ounces); 1/3 cup freshly grated Parmesan cheese (about 1 ounce) | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat oil in heavy small saucepan over medium heat. Add garlic and sauté until beginning to color, about 1 minute. Remove from heat. Cook pasta in large pot of boiling salted water until beginning to soften, stirring occasionally, about 8 minutes. Add broccoli rabe and cook until pasta is just tender, but still firm to bite, about 3 minutes. Drain. Transfer pasta and broccoli rabe to large bowl. Pour garlic oil over. Sprinkle with cheeses and toss to coat. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Heat oil in heavy small saucepan over medium heat. Add garlic and sauté until beginning to color, abou <END>
INPUT: baby calamari, Salt pepper, Spicy Chimichurri Sauce, mizuna field greens, olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Calamari on Mizuna Greens | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 16 to 20 baby calamari, tentacles included; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; Spicy Red Chimichurri Sauce, recipe follows; 2 medium bunches mizuna or field greens, washed and dried; 1/4 cup olive oil; 1 tablespoon lemon juice; 1 cup balsamic vinegar, reduced to 1/3 cup; 12 to 15 garlic cloves; 1 1/2 cup extra virgin olive oil; 1/3 cup crushed red pepper; 1/4 cup dry oregano; 1/4 cup chopped flat-leaf parsley; 1/4 cup white vinegar; 3/4 cup Spanish sweet paprika; 1/2 teaspoon salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Season calamari with salt and pepper. Marinate in Spicy Red Chimichurri Sauce for about 1 hour. Remove from marinade, place on hot grill and cook until grill marks show on both sides. Toss mizuna greens with olive oil and lemon juice. Arrange calamari on plate with mizuna greens. Drizzle with the balsamic reduction. Place all ingredients in food processor and pulse until pureed. Yield: about 3 cups <END>
INPUT: Mexican, salsa, tomatillos, onion, garlic, long habanero chile, cilantro
OUTPUT: TITLE: Habanero Chile Salsa | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 16 medium tomatillos (about 2 pounds), husked, rinsed; 1/2 medium white onion; 4 garlic cloves, peeled; 1 1 1/2-inch-long fresh habanero chile; 1/2 cup chopped fresh cilantro; 1 1/2 tablespoons fresh lime juice; 1 teaspoon salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat broiler. Line rimmed baking sheet with foil. Arrange tomatillos, onion, garlic, and chile on prepared baking sheet. Broil until vegetables blacken in spots, about 5 minutes per side for chile and about 10 minutes per side for tomatillos, onion, and garlic. Transfer vegetables and any accumulated juices to blender. Add cilantro, lime juice, and salt. Puree until smooth. Transfer salsa to bowl. Cover and refrigerate until cold, at least 1 hour and up to 4 hours. Season salsa to taste with more salt. Preheat broiler. Line rimmed baking sheet with foil. Arrange tomatillos, onion, garlic, a <END>
INPUT: chili, ancho chiles, cascabel chiles, arbol chiles, cumin seeds, garlic powder
OUTPUT: TITLE: AB's Chili Powder | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 ancho chiles, stemmed, seeded and sliced; 3 cascabel chiles, stemmed, seeded and sliced; 3 dried arbol chiles, stemmed, seeded and sliced; 2 tablespoons whole cumin seeds; 2 tablespoons garlic powder; 1 tablespoon dried oregano; 1 teaspoon smoked paprika | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Place all of the chiles and the cumin into a medium nonstick saute pan or cast iron skillet over medium-high heat. Cook, moving the pan around constantly, until you begin to smell the cumin toasting, approximately 4 to 5 minutes. Set aside and cool completely. Once cool, place the chiles and cumin into the carafe of a blender along with the garlic powder, oregano, and paprika. Process until a fine powder is formed. Allow the powder to settle for at least a minute before removing the lid of the carafe. Store in an airtight container for up to 6 months. <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, couscous, apricots, boiling water, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Apricot Couscous | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups dry couscous; 1/2 cup diced dried apricots (preferably Turkish); 3 cups boiling water; 1 teaspoon salt | INSTRUCTIONS: In a medium-size baking dish, stir together couscous and apricots. Mix boiling water and salt in a measuring cup. Pour over couscous, and immediately cover the dish with foil. Let stand until liquid is absorbed, about 5 minutes. Remove foil, and fluff couscous with a fork. If you need to keep it warm, place couscous in a low oven until ready to serve.; <END>
INPUT: American, Pastry dough, solid pack pumpkin, heavy cream, milk, eggs
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pumpkin Pie | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: Pastry dough; 15-oz can canned solid-pack pumpkin (about 2 cups); 1 cup heavy cream; 1/2 cup whole milk; 2 large eggs; 3/4 cup packed light brown sugar; 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1 teaspoon ground ginger; Pinch of ground cloves; 1/4 teaspoon salt; Special equipment: pie weights or raw rice; Accompaniment: lightly whipped cream | INSTRUCTIONS: Make pastry dough as directed. Roll out dough into a 14-inch round on a lightly floured surface and fit into a 9-inch glass pie plate (4-cup capacity). Crimp edge decoratively and prick bottom all over. Chill 30 minutes. Preheat oven to 375°°F. Line shell with foil and fill with pie weights. Bake in middle of oven 20 minutes. Remove weights and foil and bake shell until pale golden, 6 to 10 minutes more. Cool in pan on a rack. Whisk together pumpkin, cream, milk, eggs, brown sugar, spices, and salt, then pour into shell. Bake pie in middle of oven 45 to 50 minutes, or until filling is set but  <END>
INPUT: Asian, soup, reduced sodium chicken, cabbage, pork, soy sauce, sesame oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Wonton Soup | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 6 cups reduced-sodium chicken broth; 1 cup shredded cabbage; 1/2 cup shredded or diced cooked pork; 1 tablespoon soy sauce; 1 tablespoon sesame oil; 16 wonton wrappers; 1/4 cup chopped scallions | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Place broth and cabbage in a large saucepan and set pan over medium-high heat. Bring to a simmer. Meanwhile, in a food processor, combine pork, soy sauce and sesame oil. Pulse 3 or 4 times until the pork is finely minced but not a paste. Arrange 16 wonton wrappers on a flat surface. Spoon filling onto the center of each wrapper, to within 1/4-inch of the edges (about 1 teaspoon per wrapper). Wet your fingers with water and pull up corners of the wontons to create individual "purses". Pinch the edges together (with wet fingers) to seal. Place stuffed wontons in si <END>
INPUT: spiced, virgin olive oil, Jamaican jerk seasoning, balsamic vinegar, bay leaves, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Jerk-Spiced Beef Tenderloin | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 3 1/2 tablespoons dried Jamaican jerk seasoning; 1 1/2 tablespoons balsamic vinegar; 4 small bay leaves, crumbled finely; 3 large garlic cloves, minced; 2 2 3/4- to 3-pound (thick-end) beef tenderloin roasts | INSTRUCTIONS: Whisk first 5 ingredients in bowl. Pierce tenderloins all over with fork. Place tenderloins in large resealable plastic bag; add marinade and seal. Turn bag to distribute marinade evenly. Chill at least 8 hours and up to 1 day, turning bag occasionally. Preheat oven to 400°F. Remove beef from marinade; pat dry. Place on rimmed baking sheet. Sprinkle generously with salt and pepper. Roast until thermometer inserted into each tenderloin registers 125°F for medium-rare, about 40 minutes. Remove from oven; let stand 10 minutes. Cut beef crosswise into 1/2-inch-thick slices. Whisk first 5 ingredien <END>
INPUT: Mexican, enchiladas, virgin olive oil, jalapeno peppers, garlic, thyme thyme, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Light Chicken Enchiladas | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, plus more for brushing; 1 to 2 jalapeno peppers, seeded and sliced; 3 cloves garlic, smashed; 1/2 teaspoon dried thyme or 1 1/2 teaspoons fresh thyme; 1 medium white onion, minced; 1/2 pound skinless, boneless chicken breast, halved lengthwise; Kosher salt; 3 to 4 tomatoes (about 1 1/2 pounds), cored and roughly chopped; 1/2 teaspoon ground allspice; 8 corn tortillas; 1 1/2 cups shredded muenster cheese (about 6 ounces); 1 cup mixed fresh parsley and cilantro, chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F. Heat 1 tablespoon olive oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Add the jalapeno, garlic, thyme and half of the onion. Cook, stirring, until soft, about 3 minutes. Add the chicken, 1 teaspoon salt and 3/4 cup water. Bring to a boil, then cover and cook until the chicken is tender, about 6 minutes. Remove the chicken to a plate. Transfer the cooking liquid and vegetables to a blender; add the tomatoes and allspice and puree with the lid ajar. Wipe out the skillet, add the remaining 1 tablespoon olive oil and place over medium-high heat. Add the tomato mi <END>
INPUT: American, meatloaf, collard, beef, milk, onion, garlic, steak sauce
OUTPUT: TITLE: Meatloaf with Collard Greens and Mac and Cheese | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 4 pounds ground beef; 1/2 cup whole milk; 1 cup yellow onion, diced; 2 tablespoons chopped garlic; 1/2 cup steak sauce, such as Heinz 57; 1 cup Italian breadcrumbs; 1/4 cup chopped fresh parsley; 2 tablespoons kosher salt; 1 tablespoon fresh ground black pepper; 2 cups BBQ Sauce, recipe follows; 2 smoked ham hocks; 8 ounces yellow onion, diced; 4 ounces carrot, diced; 4 ounces celery, diced; 2 corn cobs (kernels cut off and reserved for other uses) | INSTRUCTIONS: For the meatloaf: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Combine the ground beef, milk, onion, garlic, Heinz 57, breadcrumbs, parsley, salt and pepper in a bowl. Mix well. Form the ground beef mixture into a loaf and place in a baking dish. Bake until the meatloaf reaches an internal temperature of 150 degrees F, 45 to 60 minutes, basting with the pan drippings every 15 minutes. Brush the meatloaf with the BBQ sauce 15 minutes before it's done cooking. Remove the meatloaf from the oven and allow it to rest for 15 minutes, then cut into six portions and hold for plating. For the ham hock broth: Fil <END>
INPUT: brine, water, apple cider, sugar, kosher salt, tricolor peppercorns
OUTPUT: TITLE: My Favorite Turkey Brine | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 gallons cold water; 3 cups apple cider; 2 cups packed brown sugar; 3/4 cup kosher salt; 3 tablespoons tricolor peppercorns; 5 whole bay leaves; 5 cloves garlic, minced; Peel of 3 large oranges, cut into large strips; 4 fresh rosemary sprigs, leaves stripped off; 1 uncooked fresh turkey | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine the water, cider, brown sugar, salt, peppercorns, bay leaves, garlic, orange strips and rosemary leaves in a large pot. Stir until the salt and sugar dissolve. Bring to a boil, and then turn off the heat and cover. Allow to cool completely, and then place into the fridge to chill. Place an uncooked, fresh turkey in the chilled brine solution, and then refrigerate for 16 to 24 hours. (You may add more cold water if you need more liquid for the size of turkey you have.) When you're ready to roast the turkey, remove the turkey from the brine. Submerge the turkey in a pot or sink of fresh, <END>
INPUT: herb, flat leaf parsley, dill, scallion, lemon juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Clams With Herb Butter | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup (1 stick) unsalted butter, room temperature; 1 tablespoon chopped flat-leaf parsley; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh dill; 1 tablespoon chopped scallion; 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 24 littleneck clams, scrubbed; Lemon wedges | INSTRUCTIONS: Mix first 5 ingredients in a medium bowl until well blended. Season herb butter to taste with salt and pepper. Build a medium-hot fire in a charcoal grill, or heat a gas grill to high. Place clams on grill rack and cover grill with lid. Grill until clams just open, 6-8 minutes (discard any that do not open). Use tongs to transfer to a platter, being careful to keep as much juice in the shells as possible. Dot clams with herb butter; let stand until butter melts. Serve warm with lemon wedges alongside for squeezing over. Mix first 5 ingredients in a medium bowl until well blended. Season herb b <END>
INPUT: Mexican, stew, beef top sirloin, garlic, onion, Kosher salt, baby potatoes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Beef Stew | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 pounds beef top sirloin steak, cut into 1-inch cubes; 4 cloves garlic, peeled; 1/2 medium white onion, quartered; Kosher salt; 6 baby red potatoes, cut into 1/4-inch cubes; 3 ears corn, cut into thirds; 2 carrots, cut into 1-inch rounds; 1 stalk celery, cut into 2-inch pieces; 1 zucchini, cut into 2-inch chunks; 3 kale leaves, stems discarded, leaves torn; Lime wedges, for serving; Hot sauce, for serving; Warm corn tortillas, for serving; Bread, for serving; Chopped fresh cilantro, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine the beef, garlic, onions and 12 cups of water in a large pot. Sprinkle with salt and bring to a boil. Reduce to a simmer, cover and simmer for 30 minutes. Uncover the pot and skim off the foam and grease. Add the potatoes, corn, carrots, celery and zucchini. Cover and continue simmering for 30 more minutes. Add the kale and simmer for 5 minutes. Turn the heat off and serve with lime wedges, hot sauce, warm corn tortillas and bread. Garnish with chopped cilantro and parsley. <END>
INPUT: Cognac, Tonic water, Lemon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cognac and Tonic | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Cognac; Tonic water; Lemon, thinly sliced | INSTRUCTIONS: Mix two to three parts tonic water with one part Cognac. Serve over ice in a snifter with a slice of lemon. Mix two to three parts tonic water with one part Cognac. Serve over ice in a snifter with a slice of lemon. <END>
INPUT: beignets, shallot, other lump crabmeat, mascarpone, chives, Kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Blue Crab Beignets | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 small shallot, finely chopped; 6 ounces fresh blue or other lump crabmeat, picked over; 1/3 cup mascarpone; 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh chives; Kosher salt; Vegetable oil (for frying; about 4 cups); 1 cup all-purpose flour; 1/3 cup cornstarch; 1 tablespoon baking powder; 1/2 teaspoons kosher salt plus more; 1 cup amber lager; Special equipment: A deep-fry thermometer | INSTRUCTIONS: For crab mixture: Combine shallot, crabmeat, mascarpone, and chives in a medium bowl; season with salt. Gently fold to combine. Set aside. Combine shallot, crabmeat, mascarpone, and chives in a medium bowl; season with salt. Gently fold to combine. Set aside. For batter and frying: Pour oil into a large saucepan fitted with a deep-fry thermometer to a depth of 6". Heat oil over medium-high heat until thermometer registers 375°F. Meanwhile, whisk flour, cornstarch, baking powder, and 1/2 teaspoons salt in a large bowl. Gradually whisk in beer, just to blend (batter will be thick). Working in ba <END>
INPUT: Italian, elegant, Italian seasoned bread, Parmesan cheese, garlic powder, salt, uncooked shrimp
OUTPUT: TITLE: Elegant Shrimp Parmesan | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup Italian seasoned dry bread crumbs; 2 Tbsp. grated Parmesan cheese; 1 tsp. garlic powder; 1/4 tsp. salt; 1 lb. uncooked large shrimp, peeled and deveined; 2 eggs, slightly beaten; 2 Tbsp. olive oil; 1 jar Bertolli® Vodka Sauce made with Fresh Cream; 4 ounces mozzarella cheese rolled with prosciutto, sliced | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 400 degrees. Mix bread crumbs, Parmesan cheese, garlic powder and salt in shallow dish. Dip shrimp in eggs, then bread crumb mixture until evenly coated. Heat 1 tablespoon olive oil in 12-inch nonstick skillet over medium-high heat and cook 1/2 of the shrimp, turning once, 6 minutes or until shrimp turn pink. With paper towel, wipe pan clean and repeat with remaining 1 tablespoon olive oil and shrimp. Evenly spread 1-1/2 cups Sauce in 13 x 9-inch baking dish; top with shrimp. Pour remaining sauce over shrimp, then top with mozzarella. Bake 7 minutes or until cheese is melted an <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, olive oil, onion, bell peppers, garlic, plum tomatoes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Poached Eggs in Pipérade | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1 small onion, coarsely chopped (about 1 1/4 cups); 1 cup coarsely chopped bell peppers (preferably a mix of red, yellow, and green); 3 garlic cloves, finely chopped; 2 large plum tomatoes, seeded, coarsely chopped; 4 large eggs; 1/4 cup crumbled feta cheese (about 1 ounce) | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat oil in heavy 10-inch skillet over medium heat. Add onion, bell peppers, and garlic; sauté until vegetables begin to soften, about 5 minutes. Add tomatoes and sauté until soft, about 3 minutes. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Spread mixture evenly in skillet. Carefully break eggs over vegetable mixture, spacing evenly. Sprinkle eggs with salt and pepper; cover skillet and reduce heat to low. Cook eggs until whites set but yolks are still soft, about 5 minutes. Using wide spatula, transfer 2 eggs with vegetable mixture underneath to each plate. Spoon remaining vegetables around eggs.  <END>
INPUT: cooler, Chocolate Hazelnut Gelato, coffee flavored liqueur, ice, chocolate covered coffee, milk
OUTPUT: TITLE: Gelato Cooler | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups Chocolate-Hazelnut Gelato, recipe follows; 1/2 cup coffee-flavored liqueur (recommended: Kahlua), or coffee; 4 cups crushed ice; 1/4 cup chopped chocolate-covered coffee beans, plus more for garnish, optional; 2 cups whole milk; 1 cup heavy cream; 1/2 cup sugar, plus 1/4 cup; 4 egg yolks; 1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract; 1/2 cup chocolate-hazelnut spread (recommended: Nutella); 1/2 cup toasted hazelnuts, crushed, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine all the ingredients in a blender and process until smooth. Pour into glasses, sprinkle with chocolate covered coffee beans, and serve with a straw. In a saucepan combine the milk, cream, and 1/2 cup sugar over medium heat. Cook until the sugar dissolves, about 5 minutes. Meanwhile, in a medium bowl whip the egg yolks with the remaining sugar using an electric mixer until the eggs have become thick and pale yellow, about 4 minutes. Pour 1/2 cup of the warm milk and cream mixture into the egg mixture and stir. Add this mixture back into the saucepan. Cook over very low heat, stirring con <END>
INPUT: Italian, sauce, plum tomatoes, virgin olive oil, salt, pepper, herbes de Provence
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tomato-and-Fennel-Stuffed Salmon with Basil Sauce | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 2 pounds plum tomatoes, halved lengthwise; 1/4 cup plus 1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil; 1 3/4 teaspoons salt; 1 teaspoon black pepper; 2 teaspoons herbes de Provence; 2 large fennel bulbs (sometimes labeled "anise"; 2 pounds), stalks cut off and discarded; 1 (8-pound) whole salmon (preferably wild coho), cleaned, butterflied, and boned, leaving head and tail intact; 1/4 cup dry white wine; 10 saffron threads; 1/4 teaspoon hot water; 1 cup mayonnaise; 1/2 cup loosely packed fresh basil leaves; 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard; 1 large garlic clove | INSTRUCTIONS: Make fish: Put oven racks in middle and lower third of oven and preheat oven to 400°F. Toss tomatoes in a bowl with 1 tablespoon oil, teaspoon salt, 1/4 teaspoon pepper, and 1 teaspoon herbes de Provence. Arrange tomatoes, cut sides up, in a shallow baking pan and reserve bowl (do not wipe clean). Quarter fennel lengthwise, then slice 1/8 inch thick with slicer. Toss fennel in reserved bowl with 1 tablespoon oil, 1/2 teaspoon salt, 1/4 teaspoon pepper, and remaining teaspoon herbes de Provence, then spread out in a 17- by 12-inch heavy shallow baking pan. Roast fennel in lower third of oven an <END>
INPUT: Asian, lemongrass, soy sauce, Thai bird chiles, chile flakes, turmeric
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spicy Lemongrass Tofu | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 2 lemongrass stalks, outer layers peeled, bottom white part thinly sliced and finely chopped (about 1/4 cup); 1 1/2 tablespoons soy sauce; 2 teaspoons chopped Thai bird chiles or another fresh chile; 1/2 teaspoon dried chile flakes; 1 teaspoon ground turmeric; 2 teaspoons sugar; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 12 ounces tofu, drained, patted dry and cut into 3/4-inch cubes; 4 tablespoons vegetable oil; 1/2 yellow onion, cut into 1/8-inch slices; 2 shallots, thinly sliced; 1 teaspoon minced garlic; 4 tablespoons chopped Roasted Peanuts, recipe follows; 10 pepper leaves, shredded, or 2/3 cup loosely packed Asian basil leaves; 1 cup raw, shelled peanuts, skin removed | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine the lemongrass, soy sauce, chiles, chile flakes, turmeric, sugar, and salt in a bowl. Add the tofu cubes and turn to coat them evenly. Marinate for 30 minutes. Heat half of the oil in a 12-inch nonstick skillet over moderately high heat. Add the onion, shallot and garlic and stir until fragrant, about 1 minute. Reduce the heat to low and cook until the onions are soft, about 3 minutes. Transfer to a plate and keep warm. Wipe the pan clean and heat the remaining oil over moderate heat. Add the tofu mixture and, using chopsticks or wooden spoons, turn so it cooks evenly, about 4 to 5 min <END>
INPUT: dough, granulated sugar, eggs, all purpose flour, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sugar Dough | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/3 cups granulated sugar; 10 ounces (2 1/2 sticks) soft butter or (half butter/half shortening); 3 large eggs; 5 1/3 cups all purpose flour; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1 teaspoon vanilla | INSTRUCTIONS: Cream butter and sugar. Add eggs and continue to cream. Add salt and vanilla. Add flour all at once and blend just until flour has dissolved. Refrigerate until ready to use. This dough must be used CHILLED. <END>
INPUT: milk, water, salt, uncooked grits, unsalted butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Creamy Grits | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups whole milk; 2 cups water; 1 teaspoon salt; 1 cup uncooked grits (not instant); 4 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1 cup heavy cream; 2 teaspoons freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring the milk and water to a boil in a heavy-bottomed saucepan over medium heat. Stir in the salt. Slowly add the grits, stirring constantly. When the grits begin to thicken, turn the heat down to low and simmer for 30 to 40 minutes, stirring occasionally to prevent the grits from scorching. Add the butter and cream, stirring to incorporate thoroughly, and simmer for 5 minutes. Stir in the pepper. Serve the grits immediately or keep them warm, covered, in a double boiler over simmering water. Note: If the grits are too thick, stir in more cream or milk. Remember that grits solidify as they co <END>
INPUT: rings, butternut squash, acorn squash, Coarse grain salt, Olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Baked Squash Rings | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 medium butternut squash; 1 medium acorn squash; Coarse grain salt and freshly ground black pepper; Olive oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. Peel the squash. Cut each squash lengthwise and scoop out the seeds. Cut each squash crosswise into half moons. Sprinkle with salt and pepper and brush with a thin coat of olive oil. Lay squash on a cookie sheet and bake for 25 to 30 minutes, turning once, or until tender to the touch and golden. <END>
INPUT: wilted, swiss chard, onion, garlic, pepper flakes, cider vinegar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Wilted Chard | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 1/2 pounds swiss chard; 1 medium onion, chopped; 3 cloves garlic, finely chopped; 1/4 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes; 3 tablespoons cider vinegar, plus more to taste; Pinch freshly grated nutmeg; 1 cup chicken stock; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Fill a large bowl with cold water. Trim and discard the last 2 inches of the chard stems. Add leaves to water. (If the greens are very dirty wash them in several changes of water.) Lift the greens from the water, and put them in a colander to drain. Roughly chop the greens. In a large Dutch oven or tall sided skillet over medium heat, cook the onion, garlic, red pepper flakes, cider vinegar and nutmeg for about 2 minutes. Add the greens in batches, stirring each batch as they wilt, before adding more. Add 1 cup chicken stock and cook, covered, stirring once or twice, until tender, about 10 min <END>
INPUT: Italian, pizzas, cherry tomatoes, olive oil, kosher salt, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: French Bread Pizzas With Ricotta, Roasted Tomatoes, and Pesto | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 pints cherry tomatoes, halved (about 3 cups); 1 tablespoon plus 2 teaspoons olive oil, divided; 1/4 teaspoon kosher salt, plus more to taste; 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, plus more to taste; 1 (12–14") soft loaf French or Italian bread, split in half lengthwise; 1 garlic clove, smashed; 1/2 cup fresh ricotta (about 5 ounces); 3/4 cup coarsely grated Parmesan (about 3 ounces); 2 tablespoons fresh store-bought or homemade basil pesto | INSTRUCTIONS: Position rack in top third of oven and preheat to 425°F. Toss tomatoes, 1 Tbsp. oil, 1/4 tsp. salt, and 1/4 tsp. pepper on a rimmed baking sheet. Roast until tomatoes start to blister, about 13 minutes. Place bread, cut side up, on another rimmed baking sheet and bake 5 minutes. Remove from oven and rub cut sides with garlic. Dollop ricotta on cut sides of bread. Top evenly with tomato mixture, then sprinkle with Parmesan. Bake until Parmesan melts, about 10 minutes. Whisk pesto and remaining 2 tsp. oil in a small bowl until smooth. Drizzle on pizzas and season with salt and pepper. Position r <END>
INPUT: slices, honey, mango juice, light sugar, lemon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mango Honey Chicken with Mango Slices | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups honey; 1 cup mango juice; 1/2 cup light brown sugar; 1/2 lemon, juiced; 1 (3 to 4-pound) whole rotisserie chicken; 2 mangos, peeled and sliced 1-inch thick; Toothpicks, soaked in water for 10 minutes; 1 bunch basil, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 450 degrees F. For the glaze: In a saucepan over medium-high heat, combine the honey, mango juice, brown sugar and lemon juice. Bring to a boil and cook until the sauce coats the back of a spoon, about 5 minutes. Place chicken on a nonstick cookie sheet. Using a pastry brush, coat chicken with a generous amount of glaze. Place mango slices over breast meat to create a zebra stripe. Insert toothpicks to secure slices into chicken. Bake chicken just until warmed throughout, about 12 minutes. Remove chicken and discard toothpicks. Garnish with fresh basil. <END>
INPUT: merchant, sauce, juniper berries, coriander seeds, star anise, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: The Merchant of Venison Chops with Red Wine Mushroom Sauce and Bulgur Porridge | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 (6 to 7-ounce) venison chops; 1 tablespoon juniper berries; 1 tablespoon coriander seeds; 3 star anise; 1 teaspoon salt; 1/4 teaspoon black peppercorns; 1 tablespoon olive oil; 2 shallots, minced; 2 cups white mushrooms, cleaned, trimmed and sliced; 1 (750-ml) bottle dry red wine; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 cup bulgur (because it is pre-steamed, it can be soaked in boiling water to make it meal-ready); 1/2 teaspoon salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Rinse venison chops and pat dry with paper towels. In a coffee grinder dedicated to spices or with a mortar and pestle, grind the juniper berries, coriander seeds, star anise, salt and peppercorns together into a powder. Rub all sides of the chops with the spice mixture. Heat the olive oil over medium-high heat in a large saute pan (deep enough to accommodate the chops and sauce) and sear the chops, leaving undisturbed for 2 minutes on each side to allow the spices to integrate into the surface of the meat. Remove chops to a utility platter. In the same pan, over medium-high heat, saute the sh <END>
INPUT: Mexican, skewered, cilantro, habanero chile, shallots, lemons, limes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sugarcane-Skewered Shrimp with Chile-Cilantro Rub | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 bunch cilantro, chopped coarsely; 1 habanero chile, chopped; 4 shallots, chopped; 2 lemons, zested; 2 limes, zested and juiced to 1/4 cup (juice more limes if necessary); 1 cup coconut milk; 1/4 cup soy sauce; 1/4 vegetable oil; 16 jumbo shrimp, cleaned, deveined; 8 sugarcane skewers; Marinade; 1/4 bunch cilantro leaves, as garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Puree all marinade ingredients in a blender. Reserve 2 tablespoons of marinade. Skewer two shrimp per sugarcane and place in marinade and refrigerate. After shrimp has marinated 2 to 3 hours, grill for about 3 to 4 minutes on each side, making sure they are fully cooked. Serve with a drizzle of the reserved marinade and cilantro, as garnish. <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, salmon, canape, California olives, mint leaves, chives, Zest grapefruit, grapefruit juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Smoked Salmon Canape with Green Olive Grapefruit Tapenade | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 1 jar pitted California green olives (about 15 ounces); 1/2 cup fresh mint leaves; 1 small bunch fresh chives; Zest of 1 grapefruit, divided in half; 1 tablespoon grapefruit juice; 1/2 teaspoon cumin powder; Pinch ground cinnamon; 1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil; 1/2 cup Champagne or sparkling wine; 1/2 coriander seeds, crushed; 1/2 teaspoon honey; 1/8 teaspoon ground sumac; 1/2 cup creme fraiche; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 package prepared naan bread, 2 slices | INSTRUCTIONS: In a food processor, pulse the olives, mint, handful of chives, half of the grapefruit zest, all of the grapefruit juice, cumin, cinnamon, and olive oil. Dont over process, it should be a little chunky, but still finely chopped. Pour the Champagne into a small saute pan with coriander seeds. Bring to a boil over medium-high heat and reduce until it just turns syrupy. Strain the mixture and set aside to cool. In a small bowl, stir together the cooled Champagne "syrup", remaining grapefruit zest, honey, sumac, and creme fraiche. Season the mixture with salt, and pepper, to taste. Heat a grill pa <END>
INPUT: figs, hearty wine, cognac, sugar, lemons
OUTPUT: TITLE: Poached Figs with Mascarpone | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 12 dried figs (the Middle Eastern kind that are often packaged in the form of a ring); 3 cups hearty red wine; 3 ounces cognac (optional); 1 cup brown sugar; 2 lemons, 1 peeled, 1 zested; 2 cinnamon sticks; 4 ounces mascarpone cheese; Icing sugar, for presentation | INSTRUCTIONS: Stem the figs and cut in 1/2. Place fig halves in a large pot or saute pan. Add wine, cognac, brown sugar, lemon peel and cinnamon sticks. Bring to a boil, then reduce heat to a simmer. Simmer for approximately 20 minutes, or until liquids have reduced by 1/2. Let cool, then serve with a dollop of mascarpone cheese. Drizzle with liquid reduction. Top with lemon zest and a dusting of icing sugar. <END>
INPUT: chips, dipping, wheat pita breads, olive oil, oregano, kosher salt, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Whole-Wheat Pita Chips with Mascarpone-Chive Dipping Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 whole-wheat pita breads, halved; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1 teaspoon dried oregano; 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt, plus extra for seasoning; 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, plus extra for seasoning; 4 strips bacon, cooked until crisp, finely chopped; 1 cup (8 ounces) mascarpone cheese, at room temperature; 3/4 cup sour cream; 1/4 cup chopped fresh chives | INSTRUCTIONS: Place an oven rack in the center of the oven and preheat to 450 degrees F. Cut each pita half into 4 wedges. Arrange the pita wedges in a single layer on a baking sheet. Brush with the oil, then sprinkle with the oregano, salt and pepper. Bake for 5 to 8 minutes until crisp and golden. In a medium bowl, combine the bacon, mascarpone cheese, sour cream, and chives. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Transfer the dip to a serving bowl. Arrange the pita chips and dip on a platter and serve. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, peas carrots, water, adobo sauce from, parsley leaves, chives
OUTPUT: TITLE: Peas and Carrots with Chipotle | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 bag frozen peas and carrots; 1 tablespoon water; 2 teaspoons adobo sauce from can of chipotle chiles, or to taste; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh parsley leaves; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh chives | INSTRUCTIONS: Add water and adobo sauce to peas and carrots in a microwavable dish. Cover well and microwave 3 to 5 minutes, depending on your microwave, until heated through. Add parsley and chives, stir to coat. <END>
INPUT: smashed, baby potatoes, garlic, basil leaves, olive oil, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Smashed Potatoes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 16 baby potatoes; 6 cloves garlic, minced; 1/3 cup fresh basil leaves, stems discarded, minced; 1/4 cup olive oil; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Roast potatoes, skin on, for approximately 30 minutes, or until cooked throughout and crispy on the outside. In a large bowl, add garlic, basil, olive oil salt and pepper. Add roasted potatoes. Use a fork or whisk to smash potatoes, but do not smash so much that they are totally mashed. Toss thoroughly so that potatoes are coated with the oil, herbs and spices. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, keema, spiced, vegetable oil, onion, veal, beef, Salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Keema (Indian Spiced Ground Veal and Beef with Peas) | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons vegetable oil; 1 onion, minced; 8 ounces ground veal; 8 ounces ground lean beef; Salt and freshly ground pepper, to taste; 2 large cloves garlic, minced; 2 firm, ripe tomatoes, diced; 1 tablespoon minced gingerroot, or 1 teaspoon ground ginger; 1 teaspoon Garam Masala; 1 teaspoon minced fresh hot green chilies, or to taste; 3 cups frozen peas; 1 lemon, juiced, or to taste; 2 to 3 tablespoons minced fresh cilantro, or to taste; Indian flatbreads (rotis) or tortillas, as an accompaniment | INSTRUCTIONS: In a nonstick skillet set over moderately high heat, warm the oil until hot. Add the onion and cook, stirring occasionally, 5 minutes. Add the veal, beef, and salt and pepper to taste, and cook, stirring, until no longer pink. Add the garlic, tomatoes, gingerroot, Garam Masala, and chilies, and cook, stirring, for 5 minutes. Add the peas and continue to cook over moderate heat, stirring occasionally, for 10 minutes more, or until flavors blend. Stir in the lemon juice and cilantro and correct seasoning, adding more salt if necessary. Either transfer to a bowl and serve with warm rotis or torti <END>
INPUT: curd, lemons, sugar, eggs
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lemon Curd | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 lemons; 3/4 cup sugar; 2 large eggs; 1 stick (1/2 cup) unsalted butter, cut into 4 pieces | INSTRUCTIONS: Finely grate enough zest from lemons to measure 2 teaspoons and squeeze enough juice to measure 1/2 cup. Whisk together zest, juice, sugar, and eggs in a metal bowl and add butter. Set bowl over a saucepan of simmering water and cook mixture, whisking occasionally, until thickened and smooth, about 20 minutes. Serve warm or chilled with store-bought angel food cake or biscuits.; <END>
INPUT: soup, butter, onions, carrots, chicken broth, long grain rice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Carrot Soup | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons butter; 2 medium onions, finely chopped; 4 carrots, finely chopped; 1 quart chicken broth; 1/3 cup long grain white rice; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1/2 cup heavy cream or non-fat yogurt, optional; 2 tablespoons chopped parsley | INSTRUCTIONS: Melt the butter. Add the onions and carrots, and cook them, covered, for 10 minutes or until tender. Add the stock and rice, 3/4 teaspoon of salt and freshly ground pepper to taste. Bring the liquid to a boil, and simmer for 25 minutes longer or until rice is tender as well. Remove from heat, puree in a food mill, blender or processor. Return the soup to a saucepan and thin with water of too thick. Bring back to a boil and adjust the seasoning. Stir in cream and remove from heat or, remove the soup from heat and whisk in yogurt. Garnish with parsley. <END>
INPUT: American, icebox, cake, heavy cream, granulated sugar, cream cheese, chocolate graham crackers, cinnamon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cinnamon and Cream Cheese Icebox Cake | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 3 cups chilled heavy cream, divided; 1/2 cup plus 1 tablespoon granulated sugar, divided; 1 cup softened cream cheese; 9 to 12 chocolate graham crackers, broken into squares; 2 teaspoons ground cinnamon | INSTRUCTIONS: In a medium bowl, add 2 cups cream and 6 tablespoons sugar and whisk, using a hand mixer, until soft peaks form, 3 to 4 minutes. Slowly add the cream cheese and beat until fully incorporated. Spread 1 1/2 cups cream cheese mixture on the bottom of a springform pan and arrange a layer of graham crackers on top. Spread another 1 1/2 cups cream cheese mixture and one more layer of graham crackers. Spread the remaining cream cheese mixture on top, making sure you have a smooth top. Cover the pan with plastic wrap, making sure it touches the top layer, and freeze until firm, about 2 hours. Remove f <END>
INPUT: Asian, scallops, shrimp, canola oil, shallots, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Edamame with XO Sauce | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1-ounce dry scallops, soaked in water overnight; 3/4-ounce dry shrimp, soaked in water overnight; 6 ounces canola oil, for frying, see Cook's Note*; 1-ounce shallots, chopped in food processor; 3/4 tablespoon garlic, chopped in food processor; 3/4 tablespoon finely chopped serrano chiles; 3 1/4 ounces prosciutto, finely diced; 3/4 tablespoon lemongrass, finely minced; 1 teaspoon sesame oil; 1 chile de arbol, finely minced in food processor; 1/2 tablespoon sugar; 1 teaspoon chicken bouillon; 1/2 teaspoon finely ground black pepper; 2 pounds plus 12 ounces frozen edamame; 4 ounces XO sauce | INSTRUCTIONS: For the XO Sauce: Drain scallops and shrimp, process both seperately in food processor to shred and chop. Or they can be chopped by hand. Beginning with scallops, place in oil and cook until lightly browned, strain. Continue with this procedure with; shrimp, shallots, garlic, serrano chiles. When it comes time to cook the prosciutto, this will take a bit longer as you will want to render this until almost crisp as with bacon. Add remaining ingredients and mix well. This is best if used the following day so all the flavors may come together. This recipe can be made in large quantities and used  <END>
INPUT: frittata, asparagus, bell peppers, shallots, zucchini, scallions
OUTPUT: TITLE: Baked Asparagus and Yellow Pepper Frittata | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 pounds thin asparagus; 2 large yellow bell peppers; 3 shallots; 1 medium zucchini; 3 scallions; 1 tablespoon unsalted butter; 10 large eggs; 1/2 cup heavy cream; 3 tablespoons chopped fresh flat-leafed parsley leaves; 1 1/2 teaspoons salt; 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350°F. and butter a 13 x 9 x 2-inch glass baking dish (3-quart). Trim asparagus and diagonally cut into 1/4-inch-wide slices. Cut bell peppers into 1/4-inch-wide strips and mince shallots. Halve zucchini lengthwise and diagonally cut both zucchini and scallions into thin slices. Have ready a bowl of ice and cold water. In a large saucepan of boiling salted water blanch asparagus 1 minute and drain in a colander. Immediately transfer asparagus to ice water to stop cooking. Drain asparagus well in colander and pat dry. In a large skillet cook bell peppers and shallots in butter o <END>
INPUT: mousse, milk chocolate, butter, heavy cream, sugar, egg yolks
OUTPUT: TITLE: Milk Chocolate Mousse | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 8 ounces milk chocolate, plus more for grating; 4 tablespoons butter, softened; 2 cups heavy cream; 1/4 cup sugar; 4 large egg yolks; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; Gummy worms, for serving | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Melt the chocolate and butter in a double boiler. Set aside to cool a little. Whip the cream with an electric mixer on high for about a minute. Turn the mixer to low while adding the sugar, then turn back to high and whip to stiff peaks. Whisk the egg yolks in a pitcher and add the vanilla. Next, temper the eggs by adding a little of the melted chocolate. Then pour the eggs back into the bowl of melted chocolate and stir to combine. Fold in three-quarters of the whipped cream (refrigerate the remaining whipped cream for serving). Spoon the mousse into serving gla <END>
INPUT: spinach, grape cherry tomatoes, lemons, orzo, virgin olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Orzo with Spinach and Tomatoes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound spinach, washed, dried, stems removed; 1 pint grape or cherry tomatoes, halved; 2 lemons, zested; 1 1/2 cups orzo, cooked to al dente; 1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil, 1 turn of the bowl; 24 basil leaves, torn or thinly sliced; Salt and pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Pile spinach leaves in stacks 1 on top of the other. Thinly slice stacks of leaves to make spinach confetti. Pile shredded spinach into the bottom of a medium sized mixing bowl. Halve grape or cherry tomatoes with a paring knife and add them to the mixing bowl. Add the zest of 2 lemons to the bowl and save the lemons in the refrigerator to juice for another recipe. Add hot cooked and drained orzo pasta to the mixing bowl. The heat of the pasta will wilt the spinach and warm the tomatoes at the bottom of the bowl and get the juices flowing from veggies. The heat of the pasta will also release t <END>
INPUT: salad, leeks, Dijon mustard, balsamic vinegar, olive oil, Kosher salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Leek Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 medium leeks; 1/2 teaspoon Dijon mustard; 2 teaspoons balsamic vinegar; 1/4 cup olive oil; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 teaspoon dried thyme; 1 slice bacon, cooked crisp, chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: Remove the dark green portion of the leeks and discard. Cut the leeks in half lengthwise and wash in water, being careful to check all the layers for hidden dirt. Fill a wide pan with water about 1/2-inch high up the sides. Add the leeks, simmer gently for 12 minutes, and then drain. Meanwhile, make the vinaigrette. In a small bowl, whisk together the mustard and balsamic vinegar, and then drizzle in the oil to make an emulsion, whisking constantly. Add in the salt, pepper, and thyme. Lay the leeks lengthwise on small serving platter. Sprinkle with the chopped bacon, drizzle with the dressing, <END>
INPUT: Asian, cold, broccoli, garlic, sambal oelek, sherry vinegar wine, vegetable oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cold Sesame Noodles With Broccoli and Kale | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1 large head of broccoli, cut into large florets with some stalk attached; 2 garlic cloves, 1 finely grated, 1 thinly sliced, divided; 1 1/2 teaspoons sambal oelek; 1 tablespoon plus 1/2 cup sherry vinegar or red wine vinegar, divided; 3/4 cup vegetable oil, divided; 1 teaspoon kosher salt, plus more; 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, plus more; 3 scallions, green parts only, thinly sliced, plus more for serving; 1 (3-inch) piece ginger, peeled, cut into 1-inch matchsticks; 4 cups chopped Tuscan kale leaves; 2 (10-ounce) packages fresh ramen noodles or 2 (3-ounce) packages dried; Torn mint leaves and toasted sesame seeds (for serving) | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 450°F. Toss broccoli with grated garlic, sambal oelek, 1 Tbsp. vinegar, and 1/4 cup oil on a rimmed baking sheet; season with salt and pepper. Roast, tossing occasionally, until tender and browned in spots, 20–25 minutes. Meanwhile, whisk scallions, ginger, sliced garlic, 1 tsp. salt, 1/4 tsp. pepper, and remaining 1/2 cup vinegar and 1/2 cup oil in a large bowl. Add kale; toss to coat. Let sit at room temperature at least 15 minutes and up to 1 hour. Cook noodles according to package directions. Drain; rinse under cold water. Add noodles and warm broccoli to kale and toss to c <END>
INPUT: Italian, galettes, milk, egg yolks, egg, all purpose flour
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cherry Tomato, Ricotta, and Olive Galettes | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup milk; 6 tablespoons (3/4 stick) unsalted butter, melted and cooled; 3 large egg yolks; 1 large whole egg; 2 cups all-purpose flour; 1 3/4 teaspoons salt; 3 tablespoons chopped fresh chives; 3 tablespoons black-olive paste; 1/2 cup loosely packed fresh basil leaves, washed, spun dry, and cut crosswise into thin strips; 1/4 cup ricotta; 1/4 cup freshly grated Parmesan (about 3/4 ounce); Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 galette rounds, baked; 1 pint small vine-ripened red cherry tomatoes, larger tomatoes halved | INSTRUCTIONS: To prepare the galette rounds: In a bowl, whisk together milk, butter, yolks, and whole egg. In another bowl whisk together flour, salt, and chives and stir into milk mixture until just combined. On a lightly floured surface with floured hands, knead dough about 8 times, or until just smooth. Wrap dough in plastic wrap and chill 1 hour. Preheat oven to 450 degrees F. Divide dough into 4 pieces, freeze 2 of them. On a lightly floured surface with a floured rolling pin roll out each piece into an 8-inch round. Transfer rounds to 2 baking sheets and crimp edges decoratively. Chill dough 10 minute <END>
INPUT: salad, Kosher salt, vegetable oil, unsalted butter, oil anchovy fillets
OUTPUT: TITLE: Rib Eye With Bone Marrow and Radish Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 (2-pound) bone-in rib eye, about 2" thick; Kosher salt, freshly ground pepper; 2 tablespoons vegetable oil; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 4 oil-packed anchovy fillets, finely chopped; 2 tablespoons coarsely chopped drained capers; 1 tablespoon olive oil; 1 (6–8" piece) marrow bone, split lengthwise; 6 radishes, preferably with tops; 1/2 cup celery leaves or 2 celery stalks, thinly sliced; 1/4 cup parsley leaves; 1 tablespoon (or more) fresh lemon juice; Flaky sea salt (for serving); Slices of country-style bread, toasted (for serving) | INSTRUCTIONS: Season steak with kosher salt and pepper. Let sit at room temperature 2 hours, or chill up to 12 hours. Preheat oven to 300°F. Heat vegetable oil in a large ovenproof skillet, preferably cast-iron, over medium-high. Cook steak until deep golden brown, 5–8 minutes per side. Add butter and spoon over steak a few times. Transfer skillet to oven and roast steak until an instant-read thermometer inserted into the thickest part registers 120°F for rare, 5–8 minutes. Transfer steak to a cutting board and let rest. Increase oven temperature to 425°F. Combine anchovies, capers, and olive oil in a small <END>
INPUT: iced, orange pekoe tea, water, simple syrup taste, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Peach Iced Tea | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 orange pekoe tea bags; 4 cups cold water; 5 (5-ounce) cans peach nectar (about 3 1/3 cups), chilled; 1/4 cup chilled simple syrup or to taste; 1 1/3 cups sugar; 1 1/4 cups water; Peach slices for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Place tea bags in a quart-size glass measure or heatproof bowl. In a saucepan bring water just to a boil and pour over tea bags. Steep tea 5 minutes and strain through a sieve into a heatproof pitcher. Cool tea and chill, covered, until cold, about 1 hour. Stir in nectar and syrup. Serve tea over ice in tall glasses and garnish with peach slices and basil sprigs. To make simple syrup: In a saucepan bring sugar and water to a boil, stirring, and boil until sugar is completely dissolved. Let syrup cool and chill, covered. Syrup may be made 2 weeks ahead and chilled, covered. <END>
INPUT: blueberry, pancakes, all purpose flour, cornmeal, salt, sugar, eggs
OUTPUT: TITLE: Blue Corn-Blueberry Pancakes with Orange-Honey Butter and Cinnamon Maple Syrup | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cups all-purpose flour; 1/2 cup blue cornmeal; Pinch salt; 1 tablespoon sugar; 2 large eggs; 1 1/2 to 2 cups milk; 2 tablespoons melted unsalted butter; 1 cup fresh blueberries; Bananas, peeled and sliced; Mixed berries; 3 cups fresh squeezed orange juice; 2 sticks butter, slightly softened; 2 tablespoons honey; Pinch salt; 2 cups pure maple syrup | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat non-stick griddle. Mix together the dry ingredients in a medium bowl. Beat the eggs and 1 1/2 cups of the milk in a medium bowl until combined, then stir in the melted butter. Add the wet ingredients to the dry ingredients and mix until just combined then gently fold in the blueberries. If the batter seems too thick, add some of the remaining milk. Ladle approximately 1/4 cup of the batter onto the griddle for each pancake. Cook until the bottom is light golden brown, flip over and continue cooking for about 30 seconds. Remove to an ovenproof plate and ke <END>
INPUT: garlicky, coated, broccoli, garlic, breadcrumbs made from, mint
OUTPUT: TITLE: Garlicky Breadcrumb-Coated Broccoli | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 large broccoli stalks (about 1 1/2 pounds total), stalks trimmed to 4 to 5 inches long, each stalk halved lengthwise; 1/4 cup (1/2 stick) butter; 3 small garlic cloves, minced; 1 cup fresh breadcrumbs made from crustless French bread; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh mint; 2 teaspoons grated lemon peel | INSTRUCTIONS: Steam broccoli until tender, about 9 minutes. Transfer to paper towels to drain. Sprinkle with salt and pepper. Do ahead Can be made 2 hours ahead. Let stand at room temperature. Melt butter in heavy large skillet over medium-low heat. Add garlic and sauté until soft, about 1 1/2 minutes. Add breadcrumbs, sprinkle with salt and pepper, and cook until pale golden, stirring often, about 5 minutes. Stir in mint and lemon peel. Add broccoli to breadcrumbs and sauté until heated through, turning broccoli to coat, about 3 minutes. Arrange broccoli on platter. Sprinkle any remaining breadcrumbs over  <END>
INPUT: soup, virgin olive oil, bulbs fennel, leeks, Kosher salt, pepper flakes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tomato-Fennel Soup with Crab | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 2 bulbs fennel, trimmed, cored and thinly sliced, plus fronds for topping; 2 leeks (white and light green parts), sliced and rinsed; Kosher salt; Pinch of red pepper flakes; 2 tablespoons Sambuca or other anise-flavored liqueur; 1 28-ounce can whole plum tomatoes, crushed by hand; 2 cups low-sodium chicken broth; 3/4 cup heavy cream; 4 ounces lump crabmeat, picked over for shells | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat the olive oil in a large pot over medium-low heat. Add the fennel and leeks and season with 1 1/2 teaspoons salt and the red pepper flakes. Cook, stirring occasionally, until the vegetables are just tender, about 25 minutes. Add the Sambuca and cook until evaporated, about 1 minute. Add the tomatoes, chicken broth, heavy cream and ½ cup water. Bring to a simmer over medium heat; cook until the fennel is soft, about 15 minutes. Working in batches, transfer the soup to a blender and puree until smooth (or puree in the pot with an immersion blender). Return the soup to the pot; return to a s <END>
INPUT: game, hens, butter, virgin olive oil, onion, rutabagas, turnips
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Game Hens with Caramelized Root Vegetables and Dried-Currant Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons butter; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1 large onion, coarsely chopped (about 2 1/2 cups); 2 medium rutabagas, peeled, cut into 1/3-inch cubes (about 3 cups); 2 medium turnips, peeled, cut into 1/3-inch cubes (about 2 1/2 cups); 2 large carrots, peeled, cut into 1/3-inch cubes (about 2 cups); 2 large parsnips, peeled, cut into 1/3-inch cubes (about 1 1/2 cups); 2 1/2 cups diced celery (about 4 stalks); 2 (7.25-ounce) jars whole roasted peeled chestnuts, halved; 6 garlic cloves, minced; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh thyme; 1/4 cup plus 1 tablespoon chopped fresh thyme; 1/4 cup chopped shallots; 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 1 1/2 tablespoons finely grated orange peel | INSTRUCTIONS: For caramelized root vegetables: Melt butter with oil in very large pot over medium-high heat. Add onion; sauté 5 minutes. Add rutabagas and next 4 ingredients; sauté until vegetables are caramelized and tender, stirring often, about 30 minutes. Stir in chestnuts, garlic, and thyme; sauté 5 minutes. Season generously with salt and pepper. Do ahead Can be made 1 day ahead. Cover and chill. Rewarm over medium heat, stirring frequently, until heated through before serving. Melt butter with oil in very large pot over medium-high heat. Add onion; sauté 5 minutes. Add rutabagas and next 4 ingredient <END>
INPUT: chocolate, bars, Medjool dates, cacao powder, unsweetened coconut, cacao nibs, agave syrup
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate Coconut Date Bars | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups pitted Medjool dates; 3/4 cup raw cacao powder; 3/4 cup unsweetened shredded coconut; 1/4 cup cacao nibs; 2 tablespoons agave syrup; 1 teaspoon kosher salt; 2 tablespoons water; 1/4 cup unsweetened shredded coconut; One 8x8" baking pan, Parchment paper | INSTRUCTIONS: Coat 8x8" baking pan with nonstick vegetable oil spray; line with parchment, leaving overhang on all sides. Process 2 cups pitted Medjool dates, 3/4 cup raw cacao powder, 3/4 cup unsweetened shredded coconut, 1/4 cup cacao nibs, 2 tablespoons agave syrup, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, and 2 tablespoons water in a food processor until smooth (you may need to stop and scrape down sides a few times). Press mixture firmly into prepared pan. Scatter 1/4 cup unsweetened shredded coconut over top; press to adhere. Cut into bars. Coat 8x8" baking pan with nonstick vegetable oil spray; line with parchment, l <END>
INPUT: cookies, all purpose flour, salt, baking soda, granulated sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate Macadamia Peanut Butter Chip Cookies | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups all-purpose flour; 1 teaspoon salt; 1 teaspoon baking soda; 1 cup (2 sticks) unsalted butter-slightly softened; 3/4 cup granulated sugar; 2/3 cup firmly packed light brown sugar; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; 3 large eggs; 3 (3-ounce) bars bittersweet chocolate, cut into 1/4 inch chunks; 1 cup (6 ounces) peanut butter chips; 1 cup unsalted macadamia nuts, coarsely chopped* | INSTRUCTIONS: Position a rack in the center of the oven and preheat to 350 degrees F. Have ready 2 ungreased baking sheets. In a medium bowl, gently whisk together the flour, salt, and baking soda. Set aside. In the bowl of an electric mixer, using the paddle attachment beat the butter at medium high speed until creamy, about 1 minute. Gradually add the granulated and light brown sugar and beat until light and fluffy, about 2 minutes. Add the vanilla extract and eggs, 1 at a time, beating well after each addition and scraping down the sides of the bowl as necessary. At low speed, add the dry ingredients in  <END>
INPUT: Italian, spaghetti, light sugar, eggs, pure vanilla extract, unsweetened cocoa powder
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spaghetti and Meatball Cake | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup (2 sticks) unsalted butter, softened at room temperature; 3 cups light brown sugar, packed; 4 eggs; 2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract; 3/4 cup unsweetened cocoa powder; 1 tablespoon baking soda; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 3 cups sifted cake flour; 1 1/3 cups sour cream; 1 1/2 cups hot coffee; Vanilla Buttercream, recipe follows; Chocolate Truffle Meatballs, recipe follows; Strawberry puree, recipe follows; 1 cup sugar; 1/2 cup water | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Butter and flour 3 (9-inch) cake pans. Cut 3 circles of waxed or parchment paper to fit the bottoms of the pans, then press them in. In a mixer fitted with a whisk attachment (or using a hand mixer,) cream the butter until smooth. Add the sugar and eggs and mix until fluffy, about 3 minutes. Add the vanilla, cocoa, baking soda and salt; mix. Add half of the flour, then half of the sour cream, and mix. Repeat with the remaining flour and sour cream. Drizzle in the hot coffee and mix until smooth. The batter will be thin. Pour into the prepared pans and bake un <END>
INPUT: cherry tomatoes, garlic, thyme, olive oil, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Scallops à La Provençal | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 5 cups cherry tomatoes; 2 1/2 tablespoons chopped garlic, divided; 5 teaspoons chopped fresh thyme, divided; 5 teaspoons olive oil, divided; 1/2 teaspoon salt, divided; 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, divided; Vegetable oil cooking spray; 2 cups fresh corn; 1 pound sea scallops; 2 teaspoons balsamic vinegar; 3 tablespoons chopped fresh herbs such as parsley, basil, chives or a combination, divided; 2 cups arugula | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat oven to 375°F. In a bowl, combine tomatoes with 2 tablespoons garlic, 3 teaspoons thyme, 3 teaspoons oil, 1/4 teaspoons salt and 1/4 teaspoon black pepper. Coat a rimmed sheet pan with cooking spray; spread tomato mixture on pan in a single layer. Bake, stirring once or twice, until tomatoes are soft and slightly charred, 20 to 25 minutes. Stir corn into tomato mixture. In same bowl, toss scallops with remaining 2 teaspoons thyme, 2 teaspoons oil, 1/2 tablespoon garlic, 1/4 teaspoon salt and 1/4 teaspoon black pepper. Place scallops on top of tomato mixture; bake until scallops are just c <END>
INPUT: reisfleisch, veal shoulder, oil, onions, veal stock, sweet Hungarian paprika
OUTPUT: TITLE: Braised Veal with Rice: Reisfleisch | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 pounds veal shoulder; 3 tablespoons oil; 2 onions, chopped; 3 cups veal stock; 3 tablespoons sweet Hungarian paprika; 2 teaspoons ground cumin; 6 cloves garlic, minced; Cayenne pepper, to taste; 1 bay leaf; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 1/2 cups long grain rice; 2 red bell pepper, cored, seeded, peeled and diced; 6 cornichons, coarsely chopped; 1 teaspoon minced fresh marjoram; 1 teaspoon minced parsley | INSTRUCTIONS: Cut the veal into thin slices, the size of a silver dollar. In a heavy saute pan, add oil and sear meat. Add onions and saute until golden brown. Deglaze with stock, add the paprika, cumin, garlic, cayenne, and bay leaf. Season with salt and pepper. Add the rice and cook over low heat for about 20 minutes or until rice is almost done. About 5 minutes before rice is cooked, stir in red peppers and cornichons. Serve hot and sprinkle with fresh herbs and grated Parmesan. Serve with butter lettuce salad that has been lightly dressed with pumpkinseed oil and balsamic vinegar and seasoned with salt  <END>
INPUT: mushrooms, virgin olive oil, portobello mushroom caps, kale, Salt pepper, nutmeg
OUTPUT: TITLE: Kale and Portobello Mushrooms | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 4 portobello mushroom caps, sliced; 1 1/4 pounds kale, stemmed and chopped; Salt and pepper; Freshly grated nutmeg, to taste, about 1/4 teaspoon; 1/2 cup dry Italian red wine | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat a large skillet over medium-high heat with extra-virgin olive oil. When the oil is hot, add mushrooms and cook until dark and tender. Add kale and turn with tongs to wilt. Season the mixture of mushrooms and greens with salt, pepper and nutmeg. Add wine and deglaze the pan. Reduce heat to low and cook greens 5 minutes longer then serve. <END>
INPUT: Asian, Chinese long beans, carrots, chow mein noodles, vegetable oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Vegetable Chow Mein | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 8 ounces Chinese long beans or green beans, cut into 1/2 to 1-inch pieces to yield about 2 cups; 2 large carrots, peeled, trimmed and cut into matchstick-size pieces; 8 ounces fresh or dried chow mein noodles; 3 tablespoons vegetable oil; 1 (2-inch) piece fresh ginger, peeled and minced; 3 garlic cloves, minced; 6 large shiitake mushrooms, thinly sliced; 1 (8-ounce) can sliced water chestnuts, rinsed and drained; 1/4 cup low-sodium chicken broth; 1/2 cup hoisin sauce*; 2 tablespoons soy sauce; 2 tablespoons honey; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 green onions, thinly sliced | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil over high heat. Add the beans and carrots and cook for 1 minute. Drain and put in a bowl of iced water until cool, about 1 minute. Drain and set aside. Return the water to a boil. Add the noodles and cook, stirring occasionally, until tender, about 5 to 7 minutes. Drain and rinse with cold water. Pat dry and set aside. In a large nonstick skillet, heat the oil over high heat. Add the noodles, ginger and garlic. Cook for 2 minutes until the noodles are lightly browned. Add the mushrooms, beans, carrots, and water chestnu <END>
INPUT: French, salad, potatoes, beans, precooked chicken breasts, carrots, bell pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken Salad Niçoise | CUISINE: French | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 lb red potatoes; 1/2 cup green beans, cut into 2-inch lengths; 3 precooked skinless chicken breasts (1lb), cut into long, thin strips; 2 medium carrots, cut into thin strips; 1 small red bell pepper, seeded and cut into strips; 1/2 small red onion, cut into thin strips; 1/3 cup niçoise or other black olives; 2 tbsp capers; 2 tbsp chopped fresh basil, tarragon or chives; 2 hard-boiled eggs, peeled and quartered; 2 small tomatoes, cut into wedges; 2 medium cloves garlic, peeled and finely chopped; 1 tsp Dijon mustard; 2 tbsp finely chopped fresh basil; 3 tbsp fresh lemon juice | INSTRUCTIONS: Place potatoes in a saucepan with salted water to cover. Bring to a boil and cook until tender, about 20 to 30 minutes. Drain and cool potatoes, then peel and cut into thin wedges. Meanwhile, cook green beans in a small saucepan of boiling salted water until tender but crisp, about 5 to 7 minutes. Pour into a strainer, run under cold water and then pat dry. For the salad dressing, combine garlic, mustard, basil and lemon juice in a small bowl. Whisk in oil a little at a time until well mixed, and season with salt and pepper. In a large bowl, combine chicken, potatoes, green beans, carrots, red <END>
INPUT: Mexican, ice, Chamomile Infused Reposado, Lavender Honey Simple, lime juice, bitters
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lavender-Chamomile Tequila | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: Crushed ice, for serving; 2 ounces Chamomile-Infused Reposado, recipe follows; 3/4 ounce Lavender Honey Simple Syrup, recipe follows; 3/4 ounce freshly squeezed lime juice; Dash bitters, such as Peychaud's; Lavender sprig or chamomile flower, for garnish; 1 cup reposado tequila; 2 bags chamomile tea; 1/2 cup honey; 2 teaspoons dried lavender | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: a cocktail shaker Fill a rocks glass with crushed ice. Shake the Chamomile-Infused Reposado, Lavender Honey Simple Syrup, lime juice and bitters in a cocktail shaker. Pour into the glass and garnish with a lavender. Serve immediately. Put the tequila in a measuring cup, add the tea bags and let steep for 30 minutes; remove and discard the tea bags. Store in a jar. Put jar in your purse. Cry at a bus stop. (Not those last parts.) The reposado can be refrigerated for up to 1 month. Put the honey, lavender and 1/2 cup water in a small saucepan over medium heat and warm, stirrin <END>
INPUT: American, savouries, all purpose flour, cheese, pepper, fig preserves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fig and Blue Cheese Savouries | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup all-purpose flour; 8 tablespoons (1 stick) unsalted butter, at room temperature; 4 ounces blue cheese, crumbled; Freshly ground black pepper; About 3 tablespoons fig preserves | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. Heat the oven to 350°F. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper. 2. Place the flour, butter, blue cheese, and a few grinds of black pepper in the bowl of a food processor and process until the dough just comes together and starts to form a ball. 3. Dump the dough out onto a lightly floured surface and knead a few times to pull it together. Then roll out to a 1/8-inch-thick circle with a floured rolling pin. Cut rounds out of the dough with a floured 1-inch round cutter and transfer to the parchment-lined baking sheet. Reroll the scraps (no more than once) and cut more rounds. 4. Using the  <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, puffs, olives, Parmesan cheese, mayonnaise, onions, sourdough baguette
OUTPUT: TITLE: Olive-Onion Puffs | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup chopped pitted black olives, drained (about 4 ounces); 1/2 cup grated Parmesan cheese; 1/2 cup mayonnaise; 2 green onions, finely chopped; 1 sourdough baguette, cut crosswise on slight diagonal into 1/2-inch thick slices | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat broiler. Stir olives, cheese mayonnaise and onions in small bowl to blend. Season with salt and pepper. Mound 1 tablespoon olive mixture on each bread slice. Arrange on baking sheet. Broil until topping is heated through and begins to brown, about 2 minutes. Serve hot. Preheat broiler. Stir olives, cheese mayonnaise and onions in small bowl to blend. Season with salt and pepper. Mound 1 tablespoon olive mixture on each bread slice. Arrange on baking sheet. Broil until topping is heated through and begins to brown, about 2 minutes. Serve hot. <END>
INPUT: cannellini, bean, virgin olive oil, garlic, carrot, celery, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Octopus with Celery and Cannellini Bean Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Extra-virgin olive oil; 2 cloves garlic, smashed; 1 carrot, peeled and cut into 1/2-inch lengths; 1 rib celery, cut into 1/2-inch lengths; 1/2 red onion, cut in half; Kosher salt; Pinch crushed red pepper; 1 cup red wine vinegar; 3 bay leaves; 2 baby octopus (about 1 pound); Extra-virgin olive oil; 1/2 red onion, thinly sliced; Kosher salt; Pinch crushed red pepper; 2 cloves garlic, smashed and finely chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: To make the octopus: Coat a large saucepan with olive oil and toss in the garlic, carrot, celery and onion. Season with salt and crushed red pepper and bring the pan to a medium-high heat. Cook the veggies until they are soft and aromatic, 7 to 8 minutes. Add the vinegar and fill the pan with water. Season with salt, toss in the bay leaves and bring the water to a boil. Reduce to a simmer and simmer for 20 minutes. Add the baby octopus and simmer for 20 minutes. Remove from the liquid and let cool. (This part can sooooooo be done ahead.) To prep the salad: Coat a large straight-sided saute pan <END>
INPUT: Italian, sweet potatoes, olive oil, basil leaves, kosher salt, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sweet Potato Fries with Basil Salt and Garlic Mayonnaise | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 5 sweet potatoes, cut into about 1 by 5-inch "fries"; 3 tablespoons olive oil; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh basil leaves; 2 teaspoons kosher salt; 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 3/4 cup mayonnaise; 1 clove garlic, minced; 1 tablespoon lemon juice | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Place the sweet potato "fries" on a foil-lined baking sheet and toss with the olive oil. Bake until golden, about 45 minutes. Meanwhile combine the basil, salt, and pepper in a small bowl. In another small bowl combine the mayonnaise, garlic, and lemon juice, and stir to combine. When the sweet potato fries come out of the oven, sprinkle with the basil salt. Serve with the garlic mayonnaise alongside for dipping. <END>
INPUT: gravy, wine, all purpose flour, turkey giblet stock
OUTPUT: TITLE: Giblet Gravy | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup dry white wine; 6 tablespoons all-purpose flour; 4 cups turkey giblet stock, including the reserved cooked neck and giblets | INSTRUCTIONS: Skim fat from pan juices, reserving 1/3 cup fat, and deglaze pan with white wine over moderately high heat, scraping up brown bits. Bring white wine to a boil and remove pan from heat. In a saucepan whisk together reserved fat and flour and cook roux over moderately low heat, whisking, 3 minutes. Add white wine mixture and stock or broth in a stream, whisking, and simmer, whisking occasionally, 5 minutes. Season gravy with salt and pepper and transfer to a hot gravy boat. <END>
INPUT: onion, buttermilk, cumin, Vegetable oil, all purpose flour
OUTPUT: TITLE: Red-Onion Rings | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 large red onion, cut into 1/2-inch-thick rounds, separated into rings; 2 cups buttermilk; 1 1/2 teaspoons ground cumin; Vegetable oil (for deep frying); 3/4 cup all purpose flour; 1/4 cup cornmeal; 1 teaspoon salt; 1 teaspoon ground pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine onion rings, buttermilk and 1 teaspoon ground cumin in large bowl. Let soak 1 hour, stirring occasionally. Pour oil into large saucepan to depth of 1 1/2 inches; heat to 375°F. Mix flour, cornmeal, salt, pepper and remaining 1/2 teaspoon cumin in cake pan. Drain onion rings. Working in batches, add a few onion rings to flour mixture and turn to coat. Add to oil and fry until golden brown, about 45 seconds. Drain on paper towels. Sprinkle with salt and pepper and serve. Combine onion rings, buttermilk and 1 teaspoon ground cumin in large bowl. Let soak 1 hour, stirring occasionally. Pou <END>
INPUT: strawberries, balsamic vinegar, pepper, sugar, milk chocolate
OUTPUT: TITLE: Balsamic Marinated Strawberries with Pepper over Chocolate and Caramel Ice Cream | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups strawberries, fresh or frozen; 1 cup balsamic vinegar; 1 tablespoon freshly ground black pepper; 1/4 cup sugar; 2 ounces milk chocolate; 1 pint of your favorite chocolate and caramel ice cream; 1 bunch fresh mint leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: Place strawberries, vinegar, pepper and sugar in a bowl. Stir mixture with back of fork then let stand for 1 hour. Shave the 2 ounces of milk chocolate bar with a vegetable peeler into a small bowl. To plate, place ice cream in the middle of a plate, then top with strawberries, mint, and chocolate. <END>
INPUT: Asian, papillote, aluminum foil, grapeseed oil, watercress leaves, chicken breast halves, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken en Papillote | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 8 sheets aluminum foil, each 18 inches long; 4 tsp grapeseed oil; 2 cups watercress leaves; 4 boneless chicken breast halves (1 lb); Freshly ground black pepper; 1 cup diced mango (about 2 mangoes); 8 shiitake mushroom caps; 1/4 cup soy sauce; 1/4 cup ketchup; 1/4 cup red wine vinegar; 1 tbsp grated ginger; 2 cloves garlic, peeled and minced | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 500°F. To prepare foil packets, place a sheet of foil directly on top of another; make 4 of these 2-sheet sets. Smear 1 tsp grapeseed oil to the size of a chicken breast in the center of each top sheet. Place 1/2 cup watercress over oil, then place a chicken breast on top of watercress. Sprinkle with pepper. Arrange mangoes and 2 mushroom caps on top of and around each piece of chicken. Crimp the packet edges up slightly. Bring soy sauce, ketchup and vinegar to a boil, then stir in ginger and garlic. Remove the pan from heat and pour 1/4 sauce over each chicken breast. Fold <END>
INPUT: Italian, salt, pepper, virgin olive oil, very lemon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fish Fillets with Olives and Oregano | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 4 (1 1/4-inch-thick) pieces white-fleshed skinless fish fillets, such as halibut (6 oz each); 1 teaspoon salt; 1/4 teaspoon black pepper; 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 4 very thin lemon slices; 1/2 cup dry white wine; 1/3 cup pitted brine-cured green olives such as picholine, halved lengthwise (2 oz); 1 to 1 1/2 teaspoons fresh lemon juice; 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh oregano or 3/4 teaspoon dried oregano, crumbled; Special equipment: a 2 1/2-qt shallow ceramic or glass baking dish | INSTRUCTIONS: Put oven rack in upper third of oven and preheat oven to 450°F. Pat fish dry and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Heat 1 tablespoon oil in a 12-inch heavy skillet over moderately high heat until hot but not smoking, then sear fillets, skinned sides down, until browned well, 3 to 4 minutes. Transfer, seared sides up, to baking dish (reserve skillet), then top each fillet with a slice of lemon. Add wine to skillet and bring to a boil, scraping up any brown bits. Boil 30 seconds, then pour around fish. Scatter olives around fish and bake, uncovered, until fish is just cooked through, 8 to 12 minute <END>
INPUT: all purpose flour, cayenne pepper, kosher salt, Gruyère
OUTPUT: TITLE: Thyme Gougères | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup (1/2 stick) unsalted butter; 1 cup all-purpose flour; Large pinch of cayenne pepper; Large pinch of kosher salt; 1 cup plus 3 tablespoons grated Gruyère; 1/2 cup grated Asiago; 2 teaspoons fresh thyme leaves plus more for garnish; 5 large eggs | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 400°F. Line 2 large baking sheets with parchment paper. Bring butter and 1 cup water to a boil in a large heavy saucepan. Remove from heat. Add flour, cayenne, and salt; stir vigorously to blend. Return to heat; stir vigorously over medium heat until mixture forms a ball and a thin, dry film forms on bottom and sides of pan, about 1 minute. Transfer mixture to a stand mixer fitted with a paddle attachment. Add 1 cup Gruyère, Asiago, and 2 teaspoons thyme; beat on low speed to blend. Add 4 eggs, one at a time, fully incorporating each egg between additions, and scraping down sid <END>
INPUT: whole, fine bread crumbs, Parmigiano Reggiano, garlic, flat leaf parsley, sweet soppressata
OUTPUT: TITLE: Whole Stuffed Artichokes Braised in White Wine | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups fine fresh bread crumbs from an Italian loaf (4 oz); 1/2 cup finely grated Parmigiano-Reggiano (1 1/2 oz); 1 1/2 tablespoons finely chopped garlic; 1/4 cup finely chopped fresh flat-leaf parsley; 1/4 cup minced sweet soppressata (dried Italian sausage; 1 1/4 oz); 1 teaspoon finely grated fresh lemon zest (optional); 1 teaspoon salt; 1/4 teaspoon black pepper; 1/4 cup olive oil; 4 medium artichokes (8 to 9 oz each); 1 lemon, halved; 4 thin slices provolone cheese; 1 1/2 cups water; 1/2 cup dry white wine; 1/4 cup olive oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Make stuffing: Preheat oven to 350°F. Spread bread crumbs in a shallow baking pan and bake in middle of oven until pale golden, about 10 minutes. Cool crumbs completely, then toss with parmesan, garlic, parsley, soppressata, zest if using, salt, and pepper. Drizzle oil over crumbs and toss to coat evenly. Preheat oven to 350°F. Spread bread crumbs in a shallow baking pan and bake in middle of oven until pale golden, about 10 minutes. Cool crumbs completely, then toss with parmesan, garlic, parsley, soppressata, zest if using, salt, and pepper. Drizzle oil over crumbs and toss to coat evenly. T <END>
INPUT: cold, asian, carrots, Kirby cucumbers, jalapeno pepper, rice vinegar, fish sauce
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cold Asian Noodles With Pork | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 medium carrots, halved lengthwise and thinly sliced crosswise; 3 Kirby cucumbers, halved lengthwise and thinly sliced crosswise; 1/2 jalapeno pepper, seeded and thinly sliced; 1/3 cup rice vinegar (not seasoned); 1 tablespoon fish sauce; Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper; 4 ounces rice vermicelli noodles; 1 1/2 pounds boneless center-cut pork chops, trimmed of excess fat; 3 tablespoons vegetable oil; 1 tablespoon hoisin sauce, plus more for brushing; 2 cups thinly sliced romaine lettuce; 1 1/2 cups fresh cilantro, basil and/or mint | INSTRUCTIONS: Make the pickled vegetables: Put the carrots, cucumbers and jalapeno in a bowl. Heat the rice vinegar and fish sauce in a saucepan, then pour over the vegetables. Add a pinch each of salt and pepper and set aside, stirring occasionally, while you prepare the noodles and pork. Bring a small pot of water to a boil; remove from the heat, add the noodles and let stand 8 minutes. Drain the noodles and rinse under cold water, then snip into smaller pieces with kitchen shears. Meanwhile, season the pork lightly with salt and pepper. Heat 1 tablespoon vegetable oil in a medium skillet over medium-high <END>
INPUT: pudding, loaf day old, raisins, apple, banana, walnuts pecans
OUTPUT: TITLE: Bourbon Bread Pudding | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 3/4 loaf day-old French bread, crusts cut off and cubed; 1/2 cup raisins; 1 apple, peeled, cored and chopped; 1 banana, diced; 1/2 cup walnuts or pecans, optional; 3 eggs; 1 cup sugar; 1 tablespoon cinnamon; 1 1/2 teaspoons nutmeg; 1/2 teaspoon ground ginger; 1 tablespoon vanilla extract; 1 cup milk; 1 cup coffee; Bourbon Sauce, recipe follows; 16 tablespoons butter | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. In a large bowl, place the bread cubes, raisins, apple, banana, and nuts (if using) and toss to combine. In a medium bowl with a whisk, combine the eggs, sugar, spices, vanilla, milk, and coffee. Pour the egg mixture over the bread cube mixture and let sit 15 minutes. Pour into a 2-inch deep greased baking pan and bake for 45 minutes. To serve, pour the Bourbon Sauce over the bread pudding. For individual servings, place large spoonfuls of the bread pudding into ovenproof dessert dishes and ladle the sauce over liberally. Place bread pudding under the broiler and <END>
INPUT: crusted, warm, balsamic vinegar, lemon, garlic, salt, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Portobello Crusted Chicken with Warm Red Bliss Potato Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons balsamic vinegar; 1 lemon, juiced; 2 garlic cloves, crushed with the side of a knife blade and minced; 1 teaspoon salt; 1/4 teaspoon ground black pepper; 1 cup olive oil; 2 portobello mushrooms, cleaned, trimmed and gills removed with the tip of a spoon; 4 (8-ounce) chicken breasts, halved; 1 red onion, sliced; 8 tablespoons butter (1 stick), cubed; 1 cup bread crumbs; 2 fresh sage leaves, finely minced; 2 tablespoons minced fresh flat-leaf parsley, plus more for garinsh; 1 tablespoon minced fresh thyme leaves (from about 3 or 4 large sprigs); Salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: To make the marinade: Add the vinegar and lemon juice to a blender. Replace the lid, turn on the blender, and through the feed opening, add, 1 at a time, the garlic, salt, and black pepper. Leaving the blender running add the olive oil in a slow thin stream. Place the mushrooms and chicken breasts in separate nonreactive bowls suitable for marinating and pour half of the marinade mixture over the contents of each container. Add the sliced red onion to the container with the chicken. Cover and marinate in the refrigerator for at least 2 hours. Begin making the warm potato salad. Boil potatoes u <END>
INPUT: eggs, lemons, sugar, limoncello liqueur, water
OUTPUT: TITLE: Limoncello Tiramisù | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 5 large eggs; 5 or 6 lemons; 1 cup sugar; 1 1/2 cups limoncello liqueur; 1 cup water; 1 pound (2 cups) mascarpone, at room temperature; 40 ladyfingers (preferably imported Italian savoiardi), or more as needed | INSTRUCTIONS: Pour just enough water in the double-boiler pan so the water level is right below the bottom of the mixing bowl when it is sitting in the pan. Separate the eggs, putting yolks into the large bowl of the double boiler and the whites into another stainless-steel bowl for whipping by hand or with an electric mixer. Remove the zest of two or more of the lemons, using a fine grater, to get 2 tablespoons of zest. Squeeze out and strain the juice of these and the other lemons to get 3/4 cup of fresh lemon juice. To make the base for the tiramisù, heat the water in the double boiler to a steady simmer <END>
INPUT: bell peppers, garlic, shallots, fleur de sel, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Marinated Peppers | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 8 bell peppers; 1/4 cup thinly sliced garlic; 1/4 cup thinly sliced shallots; 1 tablespoon fleur de sel; 1 teaspoon finely or coarsely ground fresh black pepper; 1/4 cup red wine vinegar; 1/2 cup extra virgin olive oil; 2 tablespoons coarsely chopped flat-leaf parsley | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. To blister the peppers, place over an open flame or directly on the coals. Turn to grill on all sides until the skin is completely blackened. Immediately transfer to a large resealable plastic bag or place in a large bowl and cover the top with plastic wrap to seal. Let sit for 30 minutes, or until cool enough to handle. Working with one pepper at a time, transfer to a work surface. Remove the skin, stem, and seeds. It's OK if some bits of char remain, that will add great flavor. Cut the peppers into 2-inch strips and toss with the garlic, shallots, fleur de sel, pepper, and vinegar. Let si <END>
INPUT: American, crostini, round, olive tapenade, french baguette, virgin olive oil, kosher salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Baked Goat Cheese with Olive Tapenade and Crostini | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 small round (approx 8ox) Goat cheese, firm and good quality (NOT the log, should have a nice aged casing); 1 jar olive tapenade; 1 french baguette; extra-virgin olive oil; kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Slice baguette up into thin rounds and lay out on a roasting tray. Drizzle with olive oil and season with a little salt and freshly ground black pepper. Bake in the oven for about 7-8 minutes until golden brown then set aside. Place the whole log of goat cheese in the oven, depending on the shape you may choose to cut the log in half, and bake for 5-7 minutes until it is warm through and just starting to melt. Serve warm goat cheese with crostini and fresh olive tapenade. <END>
INPUT: salad, bulbs fennel, olive oil, Salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fennel Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 bulbs fennel, chopped; 4 ounces olive oil; Salt and black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: In a mixing bowl, combine chopped fennel and olive oil. Add salt and pepper to taste and mix thoroughly. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, ceviche, cakes, sea bass, lime juice, lemon juice, orange juice, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Hot and Spicy Cholula Sea Bass Ceviche with Roasted Peppers, Grilled Masa Cakes, Roasted Corn, and C | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 24 ounces sea bass, julienned; 1 cup lime juice; 1 cup lemon juice; 1 cup orange juice; 1 red onion, julienne; 1 cup chiffonade cilantro leaves; 4 jalapeno chiles, roasted, peeled, seeded, and chopped; 2 red bell peppers, roasted, peeled, seeded, and chopped; 2 yellow bell peppers, roasted, peeled, seeded, and chopped; 2 ears corn, roasted and removed from the cob; Salt and pepper; Hot pepper sauce, (recommended: Cholula); 4 cups masa harina; 4 eggs; Water, to bind | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large bowl, combine the sea bass, lime juice, lemon juice, orange juice, and onion. Mix all of these ingredients together and let marinate for 4 hours, covered, in the refrigerator. Preheat a grill. Once the fish has marinated, add the cilantro, roasted peppers, corn, and season with salt and pepper. To make the masa cakes, combine the masa flour, eggs, and add a tablespoon of water at a time and form a paste. Make sure the paste is firm and not too watery. Form small pancake shapes and grill on each side for approximately 2 minutes. To serve, place the masa cakes on the plate and top wit <END>
INPUT: water, sweet apple tea, Vanilla Simple Syrup, apple, lemon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sweet Apple Iced Tea | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 cups water; 6 sweet apple tea bags (recommended: Celestial Seasonings Sweet Apple Chamomile); 1 1/3 cups Vanilla Simple Syrup, recipe follows; 1 small apple, thinly sliced; 1/2 lemon, thinly sliced; Ice; 1 cup granulated sugar; 1 cup water; 1 vanilla bean, cut in 1/2 lengthwise and seeds removed | INSTRUCTIONS: In a medium saucepan, bring the water to a boil over high heat. Remove the pan from the heat and stir in the tea bags. Allow the liquid to cool to room temperature, about 1 hour. Remove the tea bags and discard. Add the Vanilla Simple Syrup and stir. Pour the mixture into a glass pitcher. Add the apple and lemon slices and refrigerate for 1 hour. Pour the tea into ice-filled glasses and serve. In a small saucepan over medium heat, combine the sugar, water, vanilla bean, and vanilla bean seeds. Bring to a boil, reduce heat, and simmer for 5 minutes, stirring occasionally, until the sugar has di <END>
INPUT: Italian, ravioli, scallops, crab meat, butter, bechamel, cubed carrots
OUTPUT: TITLE: Crab Big Ravioli | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 5 ounces fresh scallops; 10 ounces crab meat; 2 ounces butter; 4 ounces bechamel; 1 tablespoon cubed carrots; 1 tablespoon cubed celery; 1 tablespoon cubed leeks; 1 tablespoon cubed daikon; Butter, to fry; 1 cup lobster stock; 1 tablespoon lobster butter; 2 tablespoon cream; 1 tablespoon butter; Chopped chives; Salt, pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: For Crab Mousse: Finely chop the scallops and mix with the crabmeat in ice bowl. Saute in butter, and add bechamel. Hold warm. For Vegetables: Panfry the vegetables quickly in butter, until al dente. For Sauce: Reduce lobster stock by 1/2. Add lobster butter, cream, and 1 tablespoon butter. Assembly: In the middle of the plate place 1 ravioli pasta. Add crab mousse in the middle. Cover with other ravioli pasta and heat in a broiler. Add chopped chives and salt and pepper to the sauce and cover the ravioli. Serve with vegetables. Finish with fried lotus root and chives. <END>
INPUT: beef, Brisket that has, water cover brisket, onion, thyme
OUTPUT: TITLE: Corned Beef | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Brisket that has been corned; Cold water to cover brisket; 1 onion; 2 cloves; 1 sprig thyme; 2 sprigs parsley; 5 peppercorns; 1 bay leaf; 6 small white onions; 4 small turnips, peeled and cut in half; 8 small new potatoes; 6 carrots, peeled and cut in half; 1 head of cabbage, cut into 6 wedges; 1 cup hard cider (optional); Fresh parsley, chopped for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: Twine to tie brisket plus twine to tie bouquet Cheesecloth for bouquet garni, cut into approximately 6-inch by 6-inch square Roll brisket into cylinder, and tie with twine. Place tied beef in pot. Cover with cold water and bring to a boil. Remove the scum as it appears. Reduce the heat and simmer for 10 minutes. If the liquid is salty after 10 minutes, start again with boiling water. Stick cloves in onion and put in pot. Place thyme, parsley, peppercorns and bay leaf into middle of cheesecloth and tie with twine, and put into pot. Simmer for 2 to 3 hours skimming any scum th <END>
INPUT: cocktail, pink grapefruit juice, lemon juice, orange liqueur, vodka
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pink Grapefruit Cocktail | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 1/2 ounces fresh pink grapefruit juice, plus grapefruit wedge for garnish; 1/2 ounce fresh lemon juice; 1/2 ounce orange liqueur; 2 ounces vodka | INSTRUCTIONS: Shake the grapefruit and lemon juice, orange liqueur, vodka and 1 tablespoon crushed ice in a cocktail shaker. Add a touch more fruit juice or vodka to taste. Strain into a chilled martini glass and garnish with grapefruit. Enjoy! Photograph by John Kendrick <END>
INPUT: sorbet, water, sugar, strained pink grapefruit, grenadine, strained lemon juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pink Grapefruit Sorbet | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/3 cups water; 1 1/3 cups sugar; 2 1/2 cups strained fresh pink grapefruit juice; 1 to 2 teaspoons grenadine; 4 to 6 tablespoons strained fresh lemon juice; 2 teaspoons Pernod | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine the water and sugar in a small saucepan and bring it to a simmer over a medium flame. Stir until all the sugar is dissolved. Allow the syrup to cool, then chill it for at least 1 hour. Combine the syrup with the grapefruit juice, 1 teaspoon of grenadine, 4 tablespoons of lemon juice, and the Pernod. Taste. Now add more lemon juice if needed—this will depend on the acidity of all the fruit. Remember, this sorbet should not be too sweet. Add more grenadine if you want it to be pinker. Chill the mixture for 2 hours, then freeze it in an ice cream maker, according to manufacturer's instruc <END>
INPUT: wrapped, sleeve, Parmesan, bacon, currant pepper jelly, Cayenne pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Glazed Bacon-Wrapped Crackers | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 sleeve (about 32) oval buttery crackers; 1/3 cup grated Parmesan; 1 pound thinly sliced bacon, each strip halved crosswise; 2 tablespoons red currant or red pepper jelly; Cayenne pepper, for sprinkling, optional | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Lay the crackers face up on a clean work surface and scoop 1/2 teaspoon Parmesan on each. Wrap each cracker with a piece of the bacon so the seam side is on the bottom and the cracker and cheese are covered as much as possible. Place the crackers seam-side down on a wire rack set over a baking sheet. Bake until the bacon is golden and crisp, about 1 hour. Meanwhile, whisk together the jelly with 1 teaspoon water in a small bowl and microwave on high until warmed through and loose, about 30 seconds; add more water if necessary. When the crackers are done, brus <END>
INPUT: bliss potatoes into, smoked bacon, butter, napa cabbage, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Corned Beef and Cabbage on Potato | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 12 large red bliss potatoes peeled and cut into 1-inch thick slices; 1/2 pound smoked bacon; 3 tablespoons butter; 1/2 head napa cabbage, cut chiffonade; Freshly ground black pepper; 1/2 pound corned beef, finely diced; 2 teaspoons prepared horseradish; 1 tablespoon minced fresh chives; 1 cup milk; 1 small onion, finely chopped; 1 bay leaf; 3 whole cloves; 1/4 teaspoon nutmeg, optional; 2 tablespoons unsalted melted butter; 2 tablespoons cornstarch | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: 1-inch circle cutter Cut potato slices with a 1 to 1 1/2-inch circle cutter and soak in water to remove starch. Place on a rack placed over a shallow pan of water. Steam to al dente and set aside to cool. Using a melon baller (ball scoop) scoop out a recess in each disk. Cook bacon and remove to paper towels to drain. Pour most of the bacon fat from the pan and add butter over medium heat. Add cabbage and season with black pepper. Cook until it begins to soften, about 10 minutes. Stir in corned beef, and crumble in bacon. Cook together for about 10 minutes to allow flavors t <END>
INPUT: gravy, bacon, sweet onion, thyme, sage leaves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Apple and Onion-Stuffed Pork Chops with Orange-Pineapple Gravy | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 (1-inch thick) pork chops; 2 slices bacon, roughly chopped; 1 large sweet onion, 1/2 chopped and 1/2 in wedges; 4 sprigs fresh thyme, stripped; 2 teaspoons chopped fresh sage leaves; 1 Granny Smith apple, peeled, cored and sliced thin; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, room temperature; 1 1/2 cups plus 2 tablespoons pineapple-orange juice; 1/4 teaspoon ground cinnamon; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; Oil, for skillet; 1 lemon, zested; 2 teaspoons chopped flat-leaf parsley | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Gently cut pockets into chops by slicing horizontally in the side. On a plate, place salt and pepper. Dredge chops in seasoning. In a medium skillet over medium heat, saute the bacon, chopped onions, thyme, and sage until the bacon is almost crispy and the onions are beginning to caramelize around the edges, about 10 minutes. Pour mixture into a bowl. Add apples, butter, 2 tablespoons of pineapple-orange juice and cinnamon. Season with salt and pepper. Stuff each chop with apple mixture and hold together with skewers. In same sk <END>
INPUT: American, flavored, topping, sweet potatoes, firmly sugar, orange juice, sweet orange marmalade
OUTPUT: TITLE: Orange-Flavored Sweet Potatoes with Oatmeal Cookie Topping | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 7 large sweet potatoes (about 5 pounds); 1/2 stick (1/4 cup) unsalted butter, softened; 1/4 cup firmly packed brown sugar; 1/4 cup fresh orange juice; 1/4 cup sweet orange marmalade; 1 tablespoon finely grated peeled fresh gingerroot; 2 teaspoons salt; fourteen 3-inch crisp oatmeal cookies, broken into pieces (about 3 cups); 3/4 stick (6 tablespoons) cold unsalted butter, cut into pieces | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 450°F. and butter a baking dish, 13 by 9 by 2 inches. Prick potatoes and bake on a foil-lined baking sheet in middle of oven until very soft, about 1 1/2 hours. Scoop flesh into a large bowl and mash with butter, sugar, juice, marmalade, gingerroot, and salt. Spread potato mixture evenly in baking dish. Potato mixture may be made 1 day ahead and chilled, covered. Bring potato mixture to room temperature before proceeding. Preheat oven to 450°F. and butter a baking dish, 13 by 9 by 2 inches. Prick potatoes and bake on a foil-lined baking sheet in middle of oven until very soft,  <END>
INPUT: mashed, Yukon Gold potatoes, cabbage, leeks, chicken broth
OUTPUT: TITLE: Leek and Cabbage Mashed Potatoes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 1/2 pounds Yukon Gold potatoes; 1 medium head cabbage (about 2 pounds); 3 large leeks; 1 cup chicken broth | INSTRUCTIONS: Peel potatoes and quarter. Cut cabbage into 1-inch squares. In a 5- to 6-quart kettle cover potatoes and cabbage with salted cold water by 2 inches and simmer until very tender, about 30 minutes. While vegetables are simmering, cut pale green and white parts of leeks into 1/2-inch pieces and in a bowl of cold water wash leeks well. Lift leeks from water into a colander to drain. In a saucepan simmer leeks in broth, covered, until very tender, about 20 minutes. Drain leeks in a sieve set over a bowl and reserve cooking liquid. Drain potatoes and cabbage in a colander and transfer to a large bow <END>
INPUT: Mexican, abiquiu, sausages, sea salt, New Mexico chile, pepper, chicken
OUTPUT: TITLE: Abiquiu Smoked Chicken Sausages in Cornhusks | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2 teaspoons sea salt; 1/2 teaspoon New Mexico red chile powder, such as Rancho de Chimayo or your favorite brand; 1/4 teaspoon New Mexico green chile powder, such as Rancho de Chimayo or your favorite brand; 1 tablespoon freshly ground black pepper; 3 pounds ground chicken, turkey, pork, or beef; 1/3 cup cream-style corn; 2 tablespoons chopped sweet onion; 2 large cloves garlic, minced; 1/4 cup fire-roasted Hatch chile peppers, mild or hot; 2 tablespoons New Mexico honey; 16 dry cornhusks, soaked in warm water for 20 minutes; 16 (5-inch-long) pieces of twine; Pico de gallo or salsa, for serving; 8-inch soft corn or flour tortillas, for serving | INSTRUCTIONS: Mix the sea salt, chile powders, and black pepper together in a large bowl. Add the ground chicken, corn, onion, garlic, Hatch peppers, and honey and combine with your hands until the meat is evenly seasoned. Remove the cornhusks from the water and place them on a cotton towel to absorb excess water. Heat your grill or smoker to 250°F. Form a sausage cylinder with your hands, using about 6 ounces of the sausage mixture. Set the sausage aside on a plate and repeat until you have 8 sausages. Place each sausage on a wet cornhusk, top with a second cornhusk, wrap the cornhusks around the sausage,  <END>
INPUT: American, thanksgiving, onions, chicken broth, heavy cream, sugar, turkey
OUTPUT: TITLE: Thanksgiving Stuffed Onions | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 4 large onions (about 3/4 pound each); 1/4 cup chicken broth; 1/4 cup heavy cream; 1/2 teaspoon sugar; 2 cups chopped cooked turkey; 1 cup cooked turkey stuffing; 6 tablespoons cranberry sauce; 1/2 cup turkey gravy or chicken broth; 1 1/3 cups mashed potatoes | INSTRUCTIONS: Cut the top 1/2 inch from each onion, peel the onions, and with a melon-ball cutter scoop out the centers, reserving the onion pieces, leaving 2 layers of onion or 1/3-inch-thick shells, and leaving the bottoms slightly thicker. Transfer the reserved onion pieces to a 13- by 9-inch glass baking dish, drizzle the broth over them, and arrange the onion shells, inverted on top. Cover the dish tightly with foil and bake the onions in the middle of preheated 425°F. oven for 45 to 50 minutes, or until the shells are just tender. Remove and reserve the shells, into the onion pieces stir the cream, th <END>
INPUT: American, short beef, salt, sugar, garlic, thyme leaves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Bbq Beef Short Ribs | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 10 pounds short ribs of beef, 2 inches thick; 2 tablespoons salt; 2 tablespoons brown sugar; 1 tablespoon garlic; 1 teaspoon thyme leaves; 1 tablespoon ancho powder; 3 tablespoons French's mustard; 3 tablespoons ketchup; 1 teaspoon garlic powder; 2 cup apple cider | INSTRUCTIONS: Mix all seasoning in a large bowl. Add short ribs and toss to coat evenly. Allow to sit for one hour before smoking. Build a hickory fire in grill on one side only. Place the beef ribs on the grill on the opposite side of the fire and close off the air so the fire goes down. Maintain a temperature of 275 degrees for 3 hours, basting with mop every 15 minutes for the last 45 minutes. Mix all ingredients together. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, dark, souffles, sugar, lime peel, bittersweet, eggs, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Dark Chocolate and Lime Souffles | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2/3 cup sugar; 2 tablespoons grated lime peel; 10 ounces bittersweet (not unsweetened) or semisweet chocolate, chopped; 5 large eggs, separated, room temperature; 1/8 teaspoon salt; 1/2 cup semisweet chocolate chips; 1 cup chilled whipping cream; 1 1/2 tablespoons fresh lime juice | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 400°F. Place six 3/4-cup soufflé dishes on baking sheet. Mash sugar and lime peel in small bowl. Stir chopped chocolate in medium bowl set over saucepan of simmering water until melted. Remove from over water; whisk in yolks, 2 tablespoons lime-sugar, and salt (mixture will become thick). Beat egg whites in large bowl to soft peaks; add 2 tablespoons lime-sugar and beat until stiff but not dry. Whisk 1/3 of whites into chocolate mixture to lighten; fold in remaining whites in 2 additions. Fold in chocolate chips. Fill dishes with soufflé mixture, dividing equally. Bake until so <END>
INPUT: Asian, sesame oil, ginger, quinoa, Kosher salt, baby bok choy
OUTPUT: TITLE: Salmon with Sesame-Ginger Quinoa | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 tablespoons toasted sesame oil; 1 tablespoon grated peeled ginger, plus 1 inch thinly sliced; 1 cup quinoa, rinsed; Kosher salt; 3 heads baby bok choy (about 12 ounces), trimmed and thinly sliced; 1 red jalapeno pepper, seeded (1/2 minced, 1/2 thinly sliced); 3 scallions, thinly sliced; 4 6-ounce skinless center-cut salmon fillets (preferably wild); 3 tablespoons low-sodium soy sauce; Juice of 1 lemon; 1/4 cup fresh cilantro, torn | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat 1/2 tablespoon sesame oil in a medium saucepan over medium heat. Add the grated ginger; cook until slightly softened, 1 minute. Add the quinoa; cook, stirring occasionally, until lightly toasted, 2 minutes. Add 1 1/4 cups water and 1/4 teaspoon salt. Bring to a boil, then reduce the heat to medium low. Cover and cook until the water is absorbed and the quinoa is tender, about 12 minutes. Add the bok choy, minced jalapeno and half of the scallions to the quinoa. Cook, covered, until the bok choy wilts, about 7 minutes. Meanwhile, bring 3/4 cup water, the sliced ginger and sliced jalapeno t <END>
INPUT: Italian, pink, containers, mozzarella cheese, Parmesan cheese, eggs, Bertolli® Vineyard Premium
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lasagna With Creamy Pink Sauce | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 2 containers (15 oz. ea.) ricotta cheese; 2 cups shredded mozzarella cheese (about 8 oz.); 1/2 cup grated Parmesan cheese; 2 eggs; 1 jar Bertolli® Vineyard Premium Collections Marinara with Burgundy Wine Sauce; 1 jar Bertolli® Alfredo Sauce; 12 lasagna noodles, cooked and drained | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 375 degrees. Combine ricotta cheese, mozzarella cheese, 1/4 cup Parmesan cheese and eggs in large bowl; set aside. Combine Sauces in medium bowl. Spread 1 cup sauce mixture in 13 x 9-inch baking dish. Layer 4 lasagna noodles, then 1 cup sauce mixture and 1/2 of the ricotta mixture; repeat. Top with remaining 4 noodles, then sauce mixture and remaining 1/4 cup Parmesan cheese. Cover with aluminum foil and bake 50 minutes. Remove foil and bake an additional 10 minutes or until bubbling. Let stand 10 minutes before serving. Cost per recipe*: $20.57. Cost per serving*: $2.57. *Base <END>
INPUT: broccoli, virgin coconut oil, Kosher salt, nutritional yeast
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Veg With Nutritional Yeast | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 small heads of broccoli, cut into florets with some stalk attached, or 1 medium acorn squash, seeds removed, cut into 1/2-inch slices; 2 tablespoons virgin coconut oil, warmed to liquefy if needed; Kosher salt, freshly ground pepper; 2 tablespoons nutritional yeast | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 425°F. Toss vegetables with oil on a rimmed baking sheet to coat; season with salt and pepper. Roast until deep golden brown and tender, 20–25 minutes. Let cool slightly, then toss with nutritional yeast. Preheat oven to 425°F. Toss vegetables with oil on a rimmed baking sheet to coat; season with salt and pepper. Roast until deep golden brown and tender, 20–25 minutes. Let cool slightly, then toss with nutritional yeast. Do Ahead Veggies can be made 5 days ahead. Cover and chill. Veggies can be made 5 days ahead. Cover and chill. <END>
INPUT: bars, cookies cream cookies, butter, cookie dough cream, caramel ice cream, whipped topping
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cookies and Cream Ice Cream Bars | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 20 cookies and cream cookies; 3 tablespoons butter, melted; 4 cups cookie dough cream ice cream, softened; 1/4 cup caramel ice cream topping; 2 cups thawed whipped topping; Shaved semi-sweet chocolate, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Double line a 9-inch square baking pan with foil, leaving 2 handles extended over the sides. Pulse the cookies in a food processor until fine. Toss the cookies and butter in a medium bowl. Firmly press the cookie crumbs into the bottom of the prepared pan. Carefully spread the softened ice cream across the crust. Drizzle with the caramel and top with the whipped topping. Sprinkle with a dusting of shaved chocolate. Place in the freezer for 3 hours to firm up. Slice into bars to serve. <END>
INPUT: American, sandwiches, truffled, soft goat cheese, watercress, truffle oil, very bread, radishes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cucumber, Radish, and Watercress Sandwiches with Truffled Goat Cheese | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 9 ounces soft fresh goat cheese; 1/2 cup chopped watercress; 1 teaspoon truffle oil; 12 very thin slices white bread; 1 bunch radishes, very thinly sliced; 1/2 English hothouse cucumber, peeled, thinly sliced | INSTRUCTIONS: Blend goat cheese, watercress, and truffle oil in processor until just combined. Season with salt and pepper. Place bread slices on work surface. Spread each with goat cheese mixture, dividing equally. Set aside 24 radish slices for garnish. Top 6 bread slices with cucumber slices, then remaining radish slices. Sprinkle with pepper. Top with remaining bread slices, cheese side down. (Can be made 2 hours ahead. Wrap individually in paper towels; chill.) Trim sandwich crusts. Cut each sandwich into 4 squares. Transfer to platter. Top each with 1 radish slice and serve. Blend goat cheese, watercr <END>
INPUT: Italian, potatoes, heavy whipping cream, Salt pepper, Parmesan cheese
OUTPUT: TITLE: Potato-Parmesan Pavé | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 4 large potatoes, peeled and thinly sliced; 3 cups heavy whipping cream; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1/2 cup freshly grated Parmesan cheese | INSTRUCTIONS: To prepare the pavé: Preheat the oven to 350°F. In a medium bowl, toss the potato slices with the cream until thoroughly coated. Generously butter a ceramic casserole dish. Arrange 4 layers of the potatoes in the bottom of the pan and season with salt and pepper. Sprinkle half of the Parmesan cheese on the potatoes and cover with 4 layers of potato. Season with salt and pepper, sprinkle on the remaining Parmesan, and layer the remaining potatoes over the cheese. Season with salt and pepper. Bake for 1 1/2 hours, or until the potatoes are tender. To prepare the pavé: Preheat the oven to 350°F.  <END>
INPUT: rings, oil, leeks, milk, egg, all purpose flour
OUTPUT: TITLE: Leek Rings | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 quarts oil (peanut, vegetable, or canola); 12 ounces leeks, cleaned and trimmed of dark green parts; 1 1/2 cups milk; 1 large egg; 2 cups all-purpose flour; 2 teaspoons kosher salt, plus additional for seasoning | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oil in a heavy 5-quart pot over medium-high heat to 375 degrees F. Slice the leeks into 1/2-inch wide rings, separating them 2 layers at a time. In a medium mixing bowl, whisk together the milk and the egg. In another medium mixing bowl, combine the flour and salt. Divide the flour into 2 separate, shallow dishes and place the milk and egg mixture in a third. Going 1 small handful at a time, dip the rings first into the first flour mixture, then into the milk and egg, and then into the second flour mixture. Working in batches, fry the rings for 1 to 1 1/2 minutes, or until golden b <END>
INPUT: pile, plain yogurt, hot sauce, mint, Salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Round 2 Recipe - Pita Pile On with Spicy Yogurt Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup plain yogurt; 1 teaspoon hot sauce; 1 teaspoon chopped fresh mint; Salt and freshly ground pepper; 1/2 cup plain yogurt; 1 teaspoon hot sauce; 1 teaspoon chopped fresh mint; Salt and freshly ground pepper; Reserved 2 chicken thighs from Spanish Chicken, meat removed from bone and shredded, recipe follows; Reserved 1 cup vegetables from Spanish Chicken; 2 pita bread rounds; 3 romaine lettuce leaves, coarsely chopped; Reserved 2 chicken thighs from Spanish Chicken, meat removed from bone and shredded, recipe follows; Reserved 1 cup vegetables from Spanish Chicken; 2 pita bread rounds | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: slow cooker For the spicy yogurt sauce: In a small bowl, stir the yogurt together with the hot sauce and mint. Season with salt and pepper and set aside. For the pita: In a small pot over low heat, combine the reserved chicken and vegetables and cook until warmed through. Place the pitas on 2 plates. Top each with the chicken and vegetables, the chopped romaine and then drizzle with the spicy yogurt. For the spicy yogurt sauce: In a small bowl, stir the yogurt together with the hot sauce and mint. Season with salt and pepper and set aside. For the pita: In a small pot over l <END>
INPUT: Mexican, salad, lime juice, lime peel, virgin olive oil, Fleur de sel
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Scallops and Nectarines with Corn and Tomato Salad | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons fresh lime juice; 1 1/2 teaspoons finely grated lime peel; 1/8 teaspoon (generous) piment d'Espelette or chili powder; 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; Fleur de sel*; 24 large sea scallops, side muscles removed, patted dry; 3 firm but ripe nectarines (white or yellow), each cut into 6 wedges; Olive oil, for brushing; 1 1/2 cups fresh corn kernels, cut from 2 large ears of corn; 24 grape or cherry tomatoes, halved; 1/3 cup thinly sliced basil leaves; Fleur de sel; 3/4 cup (loosely packed) fresh basil leaves; 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil; Fleur de sel | INSTRUCTIONS: For dressing: Whisk lime juice, lime peel, and piment d'Espelette in small bowl. Gradually whisk in oil. Season with fleur de sel and pepper. DO AHEAD: Can be made 1 day ahead. Chill. Bring to room temperature before using. Whisk lime juice, lime peel, and piment d'Espelette in small bowl. Gradually whisk in oil. Season with fleur de sel and pepper. DO AHEAD: Can be made 1 day ahead. Chill. Bring to room temperature before using. For basil puree: Blanch basil in small pot of boiling salted water 30 seconds; drain. Squeeze to remove as much water as possible, then coarsely chop. Puree basil and <END>
INPUT: Asian, soy sauce, Chinese Shaoxing wine, cornstarch, canola oil frying
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chinese Orange Chicken | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound boneless, skinless chicken thighs, patted dry and cut into 1 1/2-inch pieces; 1 teaspoon soy sauce; 1 teaspoon Chinese Shaoxing wine or dry sherry; 1/2 cup cornstarch; About 2 cups canola oil for frying; 2 oranges; 2 teaspoons cornstarch; 1 tablespoon canola oil; 2 cloves garlic, minced; 2 teaspoons minced peeled fresh ginger (from 1-inch piece); 1/8 to 1/4 teaspoon crushed red pepper; 1 tablespoon low-sodium soy sauce; 1 teaspoon Chinese Shaoxing wine or dry sherry; 1 teaspoon rice vinegar (not seasoned) or cider vinegar; 2 tablespoons sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: Start the chicken: In a shallow, medium bowl toss the chicken pieces with the soy sauce and wine. Let stand while you make the sauce. In a shallow, medium bowl toss the chicken pieces with the soy sauce and wine. Let stand while you make the sauce. Make the orange sauce: Using a vegetable peeler, remove 4 lengthwise strips of zest from 1 orange—each strip should be about 3/4 inch wide and 3 1/2 to 4 inches long. Arrange the zest in one layer between paper towels and microwave on high in 20-second increments until dry and brittle but not browned, 60 to 80 seconds total. Let the zest cool then f <END>
INPUT: pinwheels, Crisco® Butter Shortening, Jif® Creamy Peanut, sugar, egg, milk
OUTPUT: TITLE: Peanut Butter and Jam Pinwheels | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup Crisco® Butter Shortening; 1/2 cup Jif® Creamy Peanut Butter; 3/4 cup sugar; 1 large egg; 2 tablespoons milk; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; 2 cups Pillsbury BEST® All Purpose Flour; 1/2 teaspoon baking soda; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 1/3 cup Smucker's® Seedless Red Raspberry Jam; 1 teaspoon cornstarch; Crisco® Original No-Stick Cooking Spray | INSTRUCTIONS: BEAT shortening, peanut butter and sugar in large bowl at medium speed of electric mixer until well blended. Beat in egg, milk and vanilla. COMBINE flour, baking soda and salt. Add gradually to creamed mixture at low speed. Beat until well blended. CUT two pieces of wax paper to a size of 15 x 10 inches. Place dough on one sheet, top with second sheet, then roll dough to the edges. Mix jam with cornstarch until dissolved and smooth. Remove top piece of wax paper. Spread jam mixture on dough evenly to within 1/2-inch of edges. LIFT up long side of wax paper. Loosen dough with spatula. Using the <END>
INPUT: Asian, wilted, slaw, soy sauce, wine vinegar, sugar, olive oil, Asian sesame oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Glazed Sea Scallops with Wilted Napa Cabbage Slaw | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 teaspoons soy sauce; 1 1/2 tablespoons white wine vinegar; 1/2 teaspoon sugar; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1 tablespoon Asian sesame oil; 3 cups thinly sliced Napa cabbage; 1 medium carrot, shredded; 1 scallion, sliced thin; 1/2 pound sea scallops; Garnish: thinly sliced scallion greens | INSTRUCTIONS: In a small bowl, whisk together soy sauce, vinegar, sugar, 1 1/2 tablespoons olive oil, sesame oil, and salt and pepper to taste. In a bowl toss cabbage, carrot, and scallion with 2 tablespoons soy sauce mixture. Remove tough muscles from side of each scallop if necessary. Pat scallops dry with paper towels and season with salt and pepper. In a heavy non-stick skillet just large enough to hold scallops in one layer, heat remaining 1/2 tablespoon olive oil over moderately high heat until hot but not smoking and sauté scallops until golden and cooked through, about 2 minutes on each side. Transf <END>
INPUT: Mexican, bloody, maria, tequila, harissa paste, tomato juice, lime juice, dashes Worcestershire sauce
OUTPUT: TITLE: Bloody Maria with Mini Slider Garnish | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 6 ounces tequila; 1/2 teaspoon harissa paste; 12 ounces tomato juice; 2 ounces lime juice; 6 dashes Worcestershire sauce; 1 pinch celery salt; 1 tablespoon fresh grated horseradish; 1/2 teaspoon yellow onion, grated; Tabasco to taste; Mini Sliders, recipe follows, for garnish; 1 cup cherry tomatoes, halved; 1 teaspoon fresh grated horseradish; 1/2 teaspoon finely minced shallot; 1 teaspoon extra-virgin olive oil; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: In a cocktail shaker, stir together the tequila, harissa paste, tomato juice, lime juice, Worcestershire sauce, celery salt, horseradish, onion and Tabasco. Divide among 4 ice-filled highball glasses. Garnish with Mini Sliders. Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Toss the cherry tomatoes with the horseradish, shallot and olive oil. Season with salt and pepper. Place the tomatoes in a baking dish and roast until they are just wilted, about 5 minutes. Allow to cool to room temperature. Divide the ground beef into 4 even patties slightly wider than the buns (the beef will shrink during cooking); d <END>
INPUT: Italian, unsalted butter, garlic, applewood smoked bacon, artichoke hearts
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spicy Swiss Chard and Artichoke Dip | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, plus more for greasing the baking dish; 2 tablespoons minced garlic; 4 slices thick-cut applewood-smoked bacon, diced; 8 cups (lightly packed) roughly chopped Swiss chard, stems removed; One 14-ounce can artichoke hearts, drained, rinsed, roughly chopped; 1/4 cup sliced pickled jalapenos, drained; 1/4 cup sun-dried tomatoes, drained and finely chopped; 4 tablespoons all-purpose flour; 2 cups milk; 1/4 cup ricotta cheese; 1/2 cup cream cheese, softened; 1 cup shredded sharp white cheddar; 1/4 cup grated Parmesan, plus extra for topping; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; Tortilla chips, for serving | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Heat 1 tablespoon of the butter in a medium saute pan over medium heat. Add the garlic and cook until fragrant, 1 to 2 minutes. Add the bacon and cook until crispy and browned, another 5 minutes. Add the Swiss chard and cook until wilted, stirring occasionally, 4 to 5 minutes. Stir in the artichoke hearts, pickled jalapenos and sun-dried tomatoes and heat through, 1 minute. In a deep pot, melt the remaining 3 tablespoons butter over medium-high heat. Add the flour and cook, whisking, until golden, 2 minutes. Lower the heat to me <END>
INPUT: chocolate, chiffon, sifted cake flour, sugar, unsweetened cocoa powder, baking powder, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Vanilla, Chocolate and Kahlua Chiffon Cake with Port Wine and Raspberry Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups sifted cake flour; 1 1/2 cups sugar, divided; 3 tablespoons unsweetened cocoa powder; 1 teaspoon baking powder; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 1/2 cup sunflower oil; 2 tablespoons Kahlua or other coffee flavored liqueur; 2 tablespoons pure vanilla extract; 7 large egg whites; 1 teaspoon cream of tartar; Nonstick cooking spray or oil to brush on baking pan; Port Wine and Raspberry Sauce, recipe follows; 1 cup fresh raspberries 1 1/2 cups nonfat yogurt 1/4 cup port wine 2 tablespoons sugar (optional) | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 325 degrees. Into a large mixing bowl, sift together the flour, 1 cups of the sugar, the cocoa powder, baking powder, baking soda, and salt. Make a well in the center and add the oil, Kahlua and vanilla. Do not mix. In another bowl, beat the egg whites and cream of tartar until white and foamy. Slowly add the remaining 1/2 cup sugar and continue beating until stiff peaks form. Do not overbeat. Mix 1/4 of the egg whites until well incorporated into the flour mixture. Gently fold in the remaining egg whites using a rubber spatula. Spray a 9-inch tube pan with nonstick cooking spr <END>
INPUT: individual, crumbles, Bosc Bartlett pears, Squeeze lemon juice, light sugar, cinnamon, vanilla extract
OUTPUT: TITLE: Individual Pear Crumbles with Maple Yogurt | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 firm-ripe medium Bosc or Bartlett pears, peeled, cored and cut into 1/2-inch pieces; Squeeze lemon juice; 2 tablespoons light brown sugar; 1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract; 2 teaspoons plus 1/2 cup all-purpose flour; 1/2 cup rolled oats; 1/2 cup finely chopped pecans; 1/4 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg; 1/8 teaspoon ground cloves; Pinch kosher salt; 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened; 1 cup low-fat plain Greek yogurt; 2 tablespoons maple syrup; 1/2 teaspoon finely grated orange zest, plus 1 tablespoon juice | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: 3 mini-pie plates or ramekins Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. For the pear crumbles: Toss the pears, lemon juice, brown sugar, cinnamon, vanilla and 2 teaspoons of the flour together in a medium bowl. Divide the mixture between 3 mini pie plates. Stir together the remaining 1/2 cup flour, oats, pecans, nutmeg, cloves and salt in a medium mixing bowl. Add the butter and, with fingers, blend it into the dry ingredients until fully incorporated. Squeeze the mixture into clumps, then divide it among the pie plates, spreading it to cover the pears. Set the pie plates on a rimm <END>
INPUT: crunchy, puree, Jonagold apples, water, sugar, cinnamon, pork loin
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pork with Balsamic Vinegar, Crunchy Apples, and Apple Puree | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 pounds Jonagold apples; 6 ounces water; 1 tablespoon sugar; 1 teaspoon cinnamon; 2 pounds pork loin, cut into 12 medallions; 4 ounces flour; 4 ounces oil; 1 cup white wine; 3 ounces balsamic vinegar; Salt and pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 200 degrees F. To prepare the crunchy apple, wash and peel 1/2 of the apples, and cut them into slices. Place them on a baking sheet, and bake them for 4 hours so they dry out very slowly. Peel the other 1/2 of the apples, and place them in a saucepot with the water. Add the sugar and cinnamon, and cook them slowly on low heat until they are soft, approximately 20 minutes. Once apples are cooked, place them in a blender, and blend until you have a puree. Set aside and keep warm. To prepare the pork medallions, dredge each piece lightly in the flour. Heat a shallow pan with the  <END>
INPUT: crackers, baking powder, cane sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Butter Crackers | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/3 cup (45 grams) white spelt or all-purpose flour; 2/3 cup (90 grams) white whole-wheat flour; 1/4 cup (30 grams) oat or cake flour; 1 1/2 teaspoons baking powder; 1 1/2 tablespoons cane sugar; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, chilled and cut into pieces; 1 tablespoon flaxseed or olive oil; 1/4 cup (2 ounces) ice water, divided; 1 egg; 1 tablespoon milk; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted; 1/4 teaspoon salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 400°F. Line 2 baking sheets with parchment and set aside. Sift the white spelt flour, white whole-wheat flour, oat flour, baking powder, sugar, and salt together. Pour into the bowl of a food processor fitted with the dough blade (or in the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment). Add the chilled butter and pulse to create a coarse crumb mixture. With the food processor running, stream in the flaxseed oil, followed by the water, 1 tablespoon at a time, until the mixture starts to form large clumps. Turn the dough out onto a well-floured surface and gather i <END>
INPUT: berry, blackberries, blueberries, pure maple syrup, all purpose flour, cornmeal
OUTPUT: TITLE: Buttermilk Corn Waffle with Berry Syrup | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup blackberries; 1 cup blueberries; 1 cup pure maple syrup; 1 cup all-purpose flour; 1/2 cup cornmeal; 2 tablespoons sugar; 2 teaspoons baking powder; 1/2 teaspoon baking soda; 1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1/2 teaspoon fine salt; 1 ear corn, kernels removed; 1 1/2 cups buttermilk; 1/2 teaspoon pure vanilla extract; 2 large eggs; 1 1/2 sticks unsalted butter, melted, plus more for brushing waffle iron | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: Waffle iron For the berry syrup: Combine 1/2 cup blackberries, 1/2 cup blueberries and the syrup in a small saucepan. Bring to a simmer over medium heat and cook, stirring occasionally, until the berries begin to pop and the syrup reduces slightly, about 8 minutes. Remove from the heat and stir in the remaining berries. Cover and keep warm. For the waffle batter: Preheat a waffle iron to medium-high if there are settings (but it's ok if there aren't any). Preheat the oven to 200 degrees F (to keep cooked waffles warm). Whisk together the flour, cornmeal, sugar, baking powder <END>
INPUT: brined, ice water, coarse kosher salt, wine, Turkish bay leaves, lemons
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Brined Shrimp with Garlic Oil | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 8 cups ice water, divided; 1/3 cup coarse kosher salt; 1 cup dry white wine; 6 Turkish bay leaves, divided; 2 lemons; 1 chopped, 1 cut into wedges; 1/2 teaspoon whole black peppercorns; 2 pounds uncooked large shrimp with shells (about 32 shrimp); 3/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 4 garlic cloves, chopped; 1 ciabatta bread, sliced | INSTRUCTIONS: Stir 1 cup ice water and 1/3 cup salt in small saucepan over high heat until salt dissolves, about 5 minutes. Transfer salt water to large bowl. Mix in wine, 2 bay leaves, chopped lemon, peppercorns, and remaining 7 cups water, then shrimp. Chill at least 15 minutes and up to 1/2 hour. Meanwhile, prepare barbecue (medium-high heat). Whisk oil and garlic in small bowl to blend. Drain shrimp, rinse, and drain well. Using kitchen scissors, cut shells down center of back side and devein, leaving shells intact. Grill shrimp in shells until charred and just opaque, 3 to 4 minutes per side. Grill bre <END>
INPUT: cream, garlic, chile pepper, Littleneck clams, chickpeas
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sauteed Clams with Chickpea Cream | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup, plus 3 tablespoons olive oil; 4 cloves garlic, smashed; 1/4 small chile pepper, minced; 3 pounds Littleneck clams, cleaned well; 3 1/2 cups cooked chickpeas; 1 teaspoon salt; 1/4 teaspoon pepper; 2 tablespoons fresh minced Italian parsley; 1 lemon zested into thin strips, and juiced | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large saute pan, heat 1/4 cup oil, garlic, and chile pepper over medium-high heat and cook until garlic is lightly brown. Remove garlic from pan. Add clams and cover pan. Cook until clams steam open, about 5 to 10 minutes. Remove clams from pan and place in a dish. Add some steaming juices to keep clams warm. Cover. Reserve remaining steaming juice; it should be about 1 cup. Pour 1 cup reserved juice into blender and add chickpeas. Process until smooth. Season with salt, if necessary, and pepper. Divide puree among 4 shallow bowls. Top with clams and sprinkle with parsley. Combine the lem <END>
INPUT: American, cheese, Drizzle virgin olive, smoky bacon, biscuit mix, all natural sharp, nutmeg
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cheese and Bacon Biscuits | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: Drizzle extra-virgin olive oil; 2 slices smoky bacon, finely chopped; 1 small box biscuit mix (recommended: Jiffy) or measured mix for 8 drop biscuits; 1 cup shredded all-natural yellow sharp Cheddar; 1/4 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to package directions for the drop biscuits. Heat a small skillet with a drizzle of oil, over medium-high heat. Add the bacon and cook until crisp, about 2 to 3 minutes. Put the biscuit mix in bowl, and add the bacon, 1 tablespoon of the drippings and the nutmeg. Add the ingredients according to the package directions to form a drop biscuit. Fold in half of the cheese and arrange the drop biscuits on a baking sheet. Sprinkle the tops of the biscuits with the remaining cheese and bake until golden, about 10 to 12 minutes. Remove from the oven to a serving dish and serve hot. <END>
INPUT: American, raspberries, frosting, vegetable oil, cake flour, baking powder, baking soda, kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Vanilla-Buttermilk Cake With Raspberries and Orange Cream-Cheese Frosting | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: Nonstick vegetable oil spray; 2 cups cake flour; 1 teaspoon baking powder; 1/2 teaspoon baking soda; 1/4 teaspoon kosher salt; 3/4 cup (1 1/2 sticks) unsalted butter, room temperature; 1 3/4 cups granulated sugar, divided; 4 large eggs, separated; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; 1 cup buttermilk; 1/4 cup granulated sugar; 1 vanilla bean, split lengthwise; 2 (8-ounce) packages cream cheese, chilled; 10 tablespoons unsalted butter, room temperature; 1 teaspoon finely grated orange zest | INSTRUCTIONS: Bake the Buttermilk Cake: Place a rack in middle of oven; preheat to 350°F. Lightly coat cake pan with nonstick spray and line bottom with parchment paper. Whisk flour, baking powder, baking soda, and salt in a medium bowl; set aside. Using an electric mixer on medium-high speed, beat butter and 1 1/2 cups granulated sugar in a large bowl, scraping down sides of bowl as needed, until light and creamy, about 5 minutes. Add egg yolks in 2 additions, scraping down bowl after each. Beat in vanilla. Reduce mixer speed to low, then add dry ingredients in 2 additions alternately with buttermilk in 2  <END>
INPUT: Indian, spiced, coriander seeds, cardamom seeds, cumin seeds, olive oil, ginger
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spiced Shrimp and Red Onion Sauté | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 1 teaspoon whole coriander seeds; 3/4 teaspoon cardamom seeds; 3/4 teaspoon cumin seeds; 3 tablespoons olive oil; 1 tablespoon minced peeled fresh ginger; 2 teaspoons hot chile sauce; 3/4 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1/2 teaspoon honey; 12 uncooked large shrimp, peeled, deveined, tails left intact; 1 red onion, halved, peeled, each half cut into 4 wedges through root end; Fresh cilantro leaves (optional) | INSTRUCTIONS: Toast first 3 ingredients in small skillet over medium-high heat until fragrant, shaking skillet, about 1 minute. Coarsely grind spices in mortar and pestle or spice grinder. Transfer to large bowl; mix in oil, ginger, chile sauce, cinnamon, and honey. Sprinkle with salt and pepper. Add shrimp and onion; toss to coat. Heat large nonstick skillet over medium-high heat. Add onion; cook until blackened in spots, turning occasionally, about 5 minutes. Move onions to side of pan. Add shrimp and marinade; sauté until shrimp are just cooked through, about 3 minutes. Transfer shrimp and onions to plat <END>
INPUT: Mexican, enchilada, beef, chili powder
OUTPUT: TITLE: Enchilada Bean Dip with Corn | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2 cans (14.5 oz. each) Del Monte® Petite Diced Tomatoes with Chipotle Chilies or Del Monte® Petite Diced Tomatoes with Zesty Jalapenos; 1 lb. extra lean ground beef; 1 can (16 oz.) fat-free refried beans; 1 Tbsp. chili powder; 1 can (15.25 oz.) Del Monte® Whole Kernel Corn-No Salt Added, well drained; 6 oz. shredded low-fat Mexican cheese blend (or 3 oz. mozzarella and 3 oz. reduced fat cheddar cheese) (1 1/2 cups. total); Tortilla chips; Optional, chopped cilantro or green onions; Optional, sour cream | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. 2. Drain 1 can tomatoes and set aside. 3. Heat a large skillet over medium-high heat. Brown beef, stirring frequently. Add 1 can tomatoes and its liquid, 1/2 of the drained tomatoes, the refried beans and chili powder. Stir until well blended. Cook 5 minutes or until beginning to boil, stirring occasionally. 4. Place in shallow 2 1/2-quart baking dish. Sprinkle the remaining tomatoes evenly over all and top with corn and cheese. 5. Bake 8-10 minutes or until cheese is melted. Garnish with cilantro and sour cream, if desired. Serve warm with tortilla chips. <END>
INPUT: veggie, tart, Roma tomatoes, Kosher salt pepper, olive oil, Spanish onion, by rectangle puff
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Veggie Puff Pastry Tart | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 Roma tomatoes, cut into 1/4-inch slices; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 3 tablespoons olive oil; 1 large Spanish onion, thinly sliced; One 12-by-8-inch rectangle frozen puff pastry, thawed; 1 egg white, beaten; 8 ounces goat cheese, crumbled; 4 fresh basil leaves, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Place the tomato slices on a baking rack and sprinkle with salt. Set aside. In a saute pan, heat the olive oil over medium-low heat and cook the onions until golden brown, about 15 minutes. Set aside. Meanwhile, cut an 8-inch circle out of the puff pastry and press into an 8-inch pie pan. Poke the bottom of the pastry with a fork evenly throughout. Reserve the trimmings. Brush the egg white along the border of the circle and press the scraps of puff pastry along the side of the pan to create a crust. Scatter the goat cheese crumbles on top as the filling of t <END>
INPUT: pancakes, buttermilk, eggs, pure vanilla extract, all purpose flour, baking powder
OUTPUT: TITLE: Banana and Pecan Pancakes with Maple Butter | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups buttermilk; 3 eggs; 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract; 2 cups all-purpose flour; 1 1/2 teaspoons baking powder; 1 teaspoon baking soda; 1 pinch salt; 4 tablespoons sugar; 1/2 cup pecans, toasted and finely ground (not chopped); 1/2 stick unsalted butter, melted; 3 bananas, peeled and sliced in 1/4-inch circles; Maple Butter, recipe follows; Confectioners' sugar, to garnish; Candied Pecans, to garnish; 2 sticks unsalted butter, softened | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Special equipment: 1 piece parchment or greaseproof paper Preheat the oven to 200 degrees F. In a large mixing bowl whisk the buttermilk, eggs, and vanilla together so they are well combined. In a separate bowl mix the flour, baking powder, soda, salt, and sugar. Combine the wet ingredients with the dry and stir with a spoon to get rid of the lumps. Fold in the pecans, most of the melted butter and whisk until batter is smooth. Heat a griddle or skillet over medium low heat and swirl around a little melted butter to keep the pancakes from sticking. Using a ladle  <END>
INPUT: underwater, Olive oil, squid, shrimp, pizza dough, All purpose flour
OUTPUT: TITLE: Underwater Pizza | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Olive oil, for grilling; 1 medium squid, cleaned; 8 medium shrimp, cleaned and shelled; 7 ounces prepared pizza dough; All-purpose flour, for rolling; 1/2 cup tomato sauce; 1/2 cup grated Gruyere cheese; 6 medium sea scallops, sliced in 1/2 horizontally; 12 small clams; 6 oil-packed anchovies, reserve the oil; 1/2 pound fresh mozzarella; 4 baby bok choy, thinly sliced | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F. Heat a grill pan over high heat. Lightly brush the grill with oil and cook the squid and shrimp until just cooked through, about 1 minute. Cut the squid into pieces and set aside with the shrimp. Roll out the dough on a lightly floured surface to your preferred shape. I like to pull it out like an elongated oval, but you can make an octagon if you are feeling clever. Place it onto a parchment lined baking sheet. Spread the tomato sauce on the dough working from the center outward. Liberally cover the whole mess with the grated Gruyere. Arrange your seafood as <END>
INPUT: french, peaches peaches, sugar, Tbs. almond extract, Tbs. unsalted butter, eggs
OUTPUT: TITLE: Brioche French Toast with Caramelized Peaches | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 16 oz. sliced fresh peaches or one 16-oz. package frozen sliced peaches; 1/2-cup sugar; 1 Tbs. almond extract; 6 Tbs. unsalted butter, cut up, plus 2 Tbs; 3 eggs; 1 cup milk; 1 tsp. ground cinnamon; 6 muffin-sized brioches, halved lengthwise; 1/2-cup sliced almonds, toasted (optional) | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 450 degrees F. In a 9x13-inch baking pan, combine peaches, sugar, almond extract and six tablespoons butter. Bake for 15-20 minutes, or until peaches are lightly browned. Put the remaining two tablespoons of butter in a 4x6-inch nonstick loaf pan and place in oven for 10 minutes. In a shallow bowl, whisk eggs, milk and cinnamon. Dip brioche halves in egg mixture and place, cut side down, in the heated baking pan. Bake for 7-10 minutes, or until toasted on the bottom. Place brioches on a platter, toasted side up, and top with caramelized peaches. Sprinkle with toasted almonds, i <END>
INPUT: salad, grapeseed oil, onion, garlic, corn kernels, beans
OUTPUT: TITLE: Black Bean and Roasted Corn Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup grapeseed oil, divided; 1 large red onion, diced; 2 cloves fresh garlic, chopped; 1 pound frozen corn kernels or about 4 ears fresh (do not use canned corn - it becomes gummy); One 16-ounce can black beans, drained; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1/4 cup fresh scallions, (about 2 to 4 scallions) white and tender green parts only, sliced on the diagonal; 1/4 cup minced fresh cilantro leaves; 1 mango, diced small; 2 teaspoons diced red onion; 2 teaspoons diced red bell pepper; 2 teaspoons diced green bell pepper; 1 teaspoon chopped chives; 1 lemon, juiced; 1 1/2 teaspoons honey | INSTRUCTIONS: For the roasted corn and black beans: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F. In a large skillet, over medium-low heat, add 1/4 cup of oil and get the pan warm on the stovetop. Add the diced onion, garlic and corn kernels. Saute together until the corn feels cooked to the bite. Place in the oven until roasted (but not dried out) about 20 to 30 minutes. For the mango salsa: Combine the mango, onion, bell peppers, chives, lemon juice, honey, vinegar, salt, and pepper in a non-reactive bowl and chill. For the vinaigrette: Add, 1 at a time through the feed opening of a running blender, the vinegar, shallot <END>
INPUT: American, marshall, apple cider vinegar, hot sauce, lemon juice, light sugar, cayenne pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Marshall's Pork Shoulder and Barbecue Sauce | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 16 ounces apple cider vinegar; 2 ounces red hot sauce; 2 ounces freshly squeezed lemon juice; 4 ounces light brown sugar; 1 teaspoon red cayenne pepper; 1 1/4 teaspoons crushed red pepper; Salt and black pepper; One 8- to 10-pound pork shoulder with skin; Serving suggestions: baked sweet potatoes, coleslaw, and some extra barbecue sauce on the side | INSTRUCTIONS: Mix all the ingredients, except the pork, in a glass or plastic bowl until the brown sugar dissolves. The sauce can be made a day ahead and stored, covered, in the refrigerator. Preheat the grill to 250 degrees F. Place the pork shoulder on the grill and cook the meat until the internal temperature reaches 180 degrees F, about 10 to 12 hours. Once the pork shoulder is finished cooking, remove from the grill and let rest until it is cool enough to handle. Strip the skin and bones from the pork shoulder and discard. Pull the pork meat into shreds or chop with a cleaver. Pour half of the sauce in <END>
INPUT: poinsettia, piece crystallized ginger, pomegranate seeds, dashes Peychaud's bitters, ginger liqueur, pomegranate juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sparkling Poinsettia | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 piece crystallized ginger, halved; 1 teaspoon pomegranate seeds; 2 dashes Peychaud's bitters; 1/2 ounce ginger liqueur (such as Domaine de Canton); 1 ounce pomegranate juice; 5 ounces cold sparkling wine | INSTRUCTIONS: Put 1 piece crystallized ginger and the pomegranate seeds in a champagne flute. Top with the bitters. Pour in the ginger liqueur and pomegranate juice. Top with the sparkling wine and garnish with the remaining crystallized ginger. <END>
INPUT: aioli, garlic, kosher salt, egg yolk, virgin olive oil, lemon juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lemon Aioli | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2-3 garlic cloves, peeled and chopped (about 1 tablespoon); 1 teaspoon kosher salt; 1 extra large egg yolk; 1 cup extra virgin olive oil; 2-3 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 1 teaspoon finely chopped lemon zest | INSTRUCTIONS: Using a mortar and pestle, pulverize the garlic and salt to a smooth paste. (If you don't have a mortar and pestle, smash the garlic with the flat side of a chef's knife or a garlic press.) If your mortar is too small to whisk the entire amount of oil in (or you don't have one), transfer the mashed garlic and salt to the bowl of an electric mixer or a medium stainless-steel bowl, and whisk in the egg yolk by hand. Slowly drizzle in the olive oil, drop by drop, whisking constantly. As the mixture begins to thicken, add a teaspoon of vinegar, a teaspoon of lemon juice, and a teaspoon of warm wat <END>
INPUT: Italian, berry, gazpacho, mixed berries, sugar, orange juice, lemon zest, lemon juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mixed Berry Gazpacho with Basil | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 3 cups mixed berries (about 1 pound); if using strawberries, cut into 1/2" pieces; 2 tablespoons sugar; 1 tablespoon fresh orange juice; 1 teaspoon finely grated lemon zest; 1 teaspoon fresh lemon juice; 1 teaspoon fresh lime juice; 1 sprig basil, torn into pieces, plus small leaves for garnish; Extra-virgin olive oil (for drizzling); Freshly ground black pepper; Vanilla ice cream | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine first 6 ingredients and basil sprig in a medium heatproof bowl; toss to coat. Cover with plastic wrap. Place over a large saucepan of simmering water; cook for 10 minutes. Let cool for 15 minutes. Chill until cold, about 4 hours. DO AHEAD: Berry gazpacho can be made 1 day ahead. Keep chilled. Divide fruit and juices among bowls; drizzle with oil, garnish with basil leaves and pepper, and top with a scoop of ice cream. Combine first 6 ingredients and basil sprig in a medium heatproof bowl; toss to coat. Cover with plastic wrap. Place over a large saucepan of simmering water; cook for 10 <END>
INPUT: Italian, roast, rice, pesto, pine nuts, turkey, Olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roast Turkey with Pesto-Rice Stuffing | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 4 cups cooked rice; 1 cup pesto; 1/2 cup pine nuts; 8- to 10-pound turkey; Olive oil; Bacon slices | INSTRUCTIONS: Toss the rice with the pesto and pine nuts and stuff the bird lightly. Close the vent and truss the bird. Rub well with olive oil. Place the turkey on its side on a rack in a roasting pan. Cover with slices of bacon and roast at 325° for 1 hour. Turn on other side and roast for another hour. Turn the bird on its back and roast with bacon covering the breast and legs until the bird is tender and done. Baste from time to time. This delicious dish is enhanced by a rich cream sauce made with turkey broth. Accompany it with grilled tomatoes, crisp French bread and a lusty red wine — a Châteauneuf-d <END>
INPUT: unsalted butter, onion, garlic, broccoli, Two boxes cornbread
OUTPUT: TITLE: Broccoli Cheddar Cornbread | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup unsalted butter; 1 medium onion, chopped; 2 garlic cloves, minced; One 10-ounce package frozen chopped broccoli, thawed but not drained (or see headnote); Two 8 1/2-ounce boxes cornbread mix; 1/2 cup whole milk; One 8-ounce container cottage cheese; 4 large eggs; 1 tablespoon salt; 1 cup plus 2 tablespoons grated sharp cheddar cheese, for topping | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 375°F. Heat the butter in a 10-inch cast-iron skillet over medium high heat. Add the onion, and sauté until softened, 4 to 5 minutes. Add the garlic and broccoli to the skillet, and sauté for 2 minutes, until the garlic is fragrant and the broccoli has warmed through. In a medium bowl, stir together the cornbread mix, milk, cottage cheese, eggs, salt, and 1 cup of the cheddar cheese until smooth, then pour the batter into the skillet over the vegetables and stir to blend. Sprinkle the top of the batter with the remaining cheese. Bake the cornbread in the skillet for about 3 <END>
INPUT: blueberry, tart, all purpose flour, sugar, salt, egg yolk
OUTPUT: TITLE: Blueberry Buttermilk Tart | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/3 cups all-purpose flour; 1/4 cup sugar; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 1 stick (1/2 cup) cold unsalted butter, cut into bits; 1 large egg yolk, beaten with 2 tablespoons ice water; raw rice for weighting the shell; 1 cup buttermilk; 3 large egg yolks; 1/2 cup granulated sugar; 1 tablespoon freshly grated lemon zest; 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice; 1/2 stick (1/4 cup) unsalted butter, melted and cooled; 1 teaspoon vanilla; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 2 tablespoons all-purpose flour | INSTRUCTIONS: Make the shell: In a bowl stir together the flour, the sugar, and the salt, add the butter, and blend the mixture until it resembles coarse meal. Add the yolk mixture, toss the mixture until the liquid is incorporated, and form the dough into a ball. Dust the dough with flour and chill it, wrapped in plastic wrap, for 1 hour. Roll out the dough 1/8 inch thick on a floured surface, fit it into a 10-inch tart pan with a removable fluted rim, and chill the shell for at least 30 minutes or, covered, overnight. Line the shell with foil, fill the foil with the rice, and bake the shell in the middle  <END>
INPUT: Asian, jellies, water, ginger, sugar, serrano jalapeño chiles, mint leaves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chile-Ginger-Mint Jellies | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 3 cups water; 1 cup thinly sliced fresh ginger (about 4 ounces; no need to peel); 1/2 cup sugar; 1 to 2 tablespoons chopped serrano or jalapeño chiles, including seeds (see Cooks' notes); 1 cup fresh mint leaves; 2 1/4 teaspoons unflavored gelatin (almost one 1/4-ounce packet); 1 cup chilled heavy cream; 2 tablespoons confectioners' sugar; Thinly sliced candied ginger; Mint sprigs | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring 2 1/2 cups water, ginger, sugar, and chiles to a boil in a 2-quart saucepan, stirring until sugar is dissolved. Reduce heat and briskly simmer for 10 minutes. Stir in mint, then remove pan from heat. Cover pan with a lid and let stand for 15 minutes. Strain ginger-mint tea through a fine-mesh sieve into a large liquid measuring cup or bowl. Sprinkle gelatin over remaining 1/2 cup water in cleaned saucepan and let stand for 1 minute to soften. Heat mixture over medium heat, stirring, until gelatin is dissolved, then stir mixture into ginger-mint tea until combined well. Measure liquid, an <END>
INPUT: Mexican, picnic, corn, butter olive oil, cilantro, garlic, chile powder
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Picnic Corn | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 8 ears corn, shucked; 1/4 cup melted butter or olive oil; 1 tablespoon cilantro; 1 clove garlic, minced; 2 teaspoons chile powder; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 2/3 cup mayonnaise; 1/4 cup fresh lime juice; 3/4 cup grated Romano cheese; Lime wedges, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat an outdoor grill to medium-high heat. Alternatively preheat the broiler to low, and line a baking sheet with parchment paper or aluminum foil. Brush the corn with melted butter or olive oil. Grill the corn until hot and lightly charred all over, 7 to 10 minutes, depending on the temperature of the grill. Alternatively, broil the corn ears 6-inches from the heat source until charred spots appear, about 10 minutes. Flip the corn and broil for an additional 10 minutes. While the corn is charred, mix the cilantro, garlic, chile powder, salt, mayonnaise, and lime juice. Spread the mayonnais <END>
INPUT: salad, olive oil, apple cider vinegar, shallot, honey
OUTPUT: TITLE: Frisée and Apple Salad with Dried Cherries and Walnuts | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons olive oil; 2 tablespoons apple cider vinegar; 2 tablespoons minced shallot; 1 tablespoon honey; 1/2 cup (generous) dried tart cherries (one 3-ounce package); 1 large head of frisée, torn into bite-size pieces (about 6 cups); 1 medium Gala apple, cored, thinly sliced; 1/2 cup coarsely chopped toasted walnuts | INSTRUCTIONS: Whisk first 4 ingredients in small bowl to blend. Season dressing to taste with salt and pepper. Stir in dried cherries. Toss frisée and apple slices in large bowl. Add cherry dressing and toss to coat. Divide among 4 plates; sprinkle with walnuts and freshly ground black pepper and serve. Whisk first 4 ingredients in small bowl to blend. Season dressing to taste with salt and pepper. Stir in dried cherries. Toss frisée and apple slices in large bowl. Add cherry dressing and toss to coat. Divide among 4 plates; sprinkle with walnuts and freshly ground black pepper and serve. <END>
INPUT: spiral half ham, fig jam, dijon mustard, zest orange, orange juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fig-and-Orange-Glazed Ham | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 spiral-sliced half ham; 1 cup fig jam; 2 tablespoons dijon mustard; Grated zest of 1 orange; 1/3 cup fresh orange juice | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven as directed on the ham package and follow the instructions for baking the ham. Remove the ham from the oven about 30 minutes before the end of the warming time. Meanwhile, combine the jam, mustard, and orange zest and juice in a small saucepan over low heat. Cook, stirring, just until the jam melts (do not boil). Spoon half of the glaze over the ham and bake for the remaining 30 minutes. Remove the ham from the oven and spoon the remaining glaze on top. Transfer to a cutting board and carve. Photograph by Yunhee Kim <END>
INPUT: agua, fresca, tamarind pulp, Medjool dates, superfine sugar, Ingredient Tamarind pulp
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tamarind and Date Agua Fresca | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound tamarind pulp (with seeds); 18 pitted Medjool dates; 1/2 cup plus 2 tablespoons superfine sugar; Ingredient info: Tamarind pulp is sold frozen at Latin and Asian markets and in block form at Indian markets | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine tamarind, dates, and 2 1/2 quarts water in a medium pot and bring to a boil; simmer briskly, stirring often and mashing pulp and dates with the back of a spoon until they break down, about 15 minutes. Remove from heat and let steep for 2 hours. Strain mixture through a fine-mesh sieve into a large bowl, pressing on solids to extract as much liquid as possible (you should have about 4 cups). Transfer tamarind mixture to a pitcher. Stir in sugar and 3 cups water. Chill until cold. Fill glasses with ice. Divide agua fresca among glasses. Combine tamarind, dates, and 2 1/2 quarts water in  <END>
INPUT: italian, hot sausage, sweet sausage, olive oil, onions, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sweet and Savory Italian Sausage with Peppers | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 pounds hot sausage; 2 pounds sweet sausage; 1/2 cup olive oil; 8 red onions, cut julienne; 6 garlic cloves, chopped; 4 red bell peppers, cut julienne; 4 green bell peppers, cut julienne; 1/2 bunch basil leaves, chopped; 1 bunch scallions, chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: Place sausage on a hot grill and cook until done. This may take about 45 minutes. Heat oil in a saute pan placed on grill. Add red onions, garlic, red bell peppers, and green bell peppers and cook until translucent. Add basil and scallions and cook for a few minutes. Once cooked, cut sausage into 2-inch long pieces, and arrange on serving platter with pepper and onion mixture. Serve with crusty bread or rolls. <END>
INPUT: bouquet, raspberry candies, frosted cupcake, sugared gel candy, chewy fish shaped
OUTPUT: TITLE: Red Raspberry Bouquet | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 red raspberry candies; 1 frosted cupcake (about 2 tablespoons frosting works best); 1 green sugared gel candy or 3 jelly spaghetti; 1 green chewy fish-shaped candy | INSTRUCTIONS: Press the raspberry candies into the frosting at one edge of the cupcake. Cut the green gel candy into 3 thin strips and make stems for each raspberry. Cut the fish in half and put one half at the bottom of the bouquet to make a leaf. <END>
INPUT: Kosher salt, shrimp, mayonnaise, celery, chives
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mini Shrimp Rolls | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Kosher salt; 1 pound medium shrimp, shelled, deveined; 1/4 cup plus 1 tablespoons mayonnaise; 1 small celery stalk, peeled, finely chopped (about 3 tablespoons); 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh chives; 1 tablespoon grapeseed oil; 2 teaspoons fresh lemon juice; 2 teaspoons prepared horseradish; Freshly ground black pepper; 24 mini soft dinner rolls (each about 1 1/2 x 1 1/2"; such as Martin's potato rolls or King's Hawaiian); 1/4 cup (1/2 stick) unsalted butter, melted; 1/2 cup celery leaves or crushed potato chips | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring a large saucepan of water to a boil. Reduce heat to medium-low; season lightly with salt. When water is at a gentle simmer, add shrimp. Poach until just opaque in the center, 2-4 minutes. Drain; transfer shrimp to a medium bowl of ice water to cool. Drain; wipe out bowl. Whisk mayonnaise, celery, chives, oil, lemon juice, and horseradish in a medium bowl to blend; season to taste with salt and pepper. Chop shrimp into small pieces (about 1/3"); add to bowl with mayonnaise mixture. Stir to coat. DO AHEAD: Shrimp salad can be made 1 day ahead. Cover and chill. Preheat oven to 375°F. Using  <END>
INPUT: grits, chicken stock, stone cornmeal, heavy cream, unsalted butter, Kosher salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Shrimp and Grits | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups chicken stock; 1 cup stone-ground white cornmeal; 1 cup heavy cream; 1 tablespoon unsalted butter; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1 medium white onion, minced; 1 garlic clove, minced; 1 pound spicy sausage, cut in chunks; 2 tablespoons all-purpose flour; 2 cups chicken stock; 1 bay leaf; 2 pounds large shrimp, peeled and deveined, tails on; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh flat-leaf parsley | INSTRUCTIONS: To make the grits, place a 3-quart pot over medium-high heat. Add the chicken stock and bring to a boil. Slowly whisk in the cornmeal. When the grits begin to bubble, turn the heat down to medium low and simmer, stirring frequently with a wooden spoon. Allow to cook for 10 to 15 minutes, until the mixture is smooth and thick. Remove from heat and stir in the cream and butter, season with salt and pepper. To make the shrimp, place a deep skillet over medium heat and coat with the olive oil. Add the onion and garlic; saute for 2 minutes to soften. Add the sausage and cook, stirring, until there  <END>
INPUT: sunny, Honeycrisp apples, creamy peanut butter, Greek yogurt, roasted peanuts, agave nectar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sunny's PB and J Stuffed Apples | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 Honeycrisp apples; 1 cup creamy peanut butter; 1 cup Greek yogurt; 1/4 cup chopped roasted peanuts; 2 tablespoons agave nectar; 1/4 cup grape jelly; 1 slice white bread, toasted and finely chopped; Kosher salt | INSTRUCTIONS: For the apples and filling: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with parchment. Halve the apples across the equator. Scoop out the core of the apples, leaving a well in the center. Level the bottoms of the apples if needed. In a large bowl, combine the peanut butter, yogurt, peanuts and agave. Fill the apple halves evenly and place them on the prepared baking sheet. Bake until the filling is set and the apples are slightly tender, 20 to 25 minutes. For the topping: Add the jelly to a small bowl, then add a few drops of hot water at a time to loosen it, stirring, until you re <END>
INPUT: venison, broth, quinces, orange juice, vanilla bean, fennel seed, star anise
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Venison with Poached Quinces in a Vanilla Orange Broth, Sweet and Sour Cabbage and a Pomegra | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 fresh quinces, peeled and cut into 6 wedges, seeds removed; 1 1/2 cups fresh squeezed orange juice; 1 vanilla bean; 1 teaspoon fennel seed; 2 star anise; 2 tablespoons sugar; 1 tablespoon butter; 1 tablespoon butter, plus 3 tablespoons; 1 red onion, thinly sliced; 1/2 red cabbage, sliced; 1/2 cup red wine vinegar; 1/2 cup raspberry vinegar; 2 cups port wine; 1/2 cup red wine; Salt and pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Place the sliced quinces in an ovenproof pan. Add the orange juice, vanilla bean, fennel seed, star anise, and sugar. Bring to a boil. Cover and put in the oven. Cook until when pierced with a small knife there is no resistance, about 20 minutes. Strain liquid into another pan and reduce by one-half. Set aside reduced liquid and quinces. Cabbage: In a medium size pan, melt 1 tablespoon butter. Add the red onions and sweat until soft. Add the cabbage and mix well. Let cook for 3 minutes, or until the cabbage has softened a bit. Deglaze with both vinegars and l <END>
INPUT: Italian, gouda, soup, bacon, onion, more garlic, carrots
OUTPUT: TITLE: J J's Smoked Gouda Vegetable Soup | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 10 strips bacon, diced; 1 1/2 cups sliced onion; 2 or more cloves garlic, mashed and chopped; 2 carrots, cut in half lengthwise and sliced; 1 (14 1/2-ounce) can diced (or crushed) tomatoes (do not drain); Salt and pepper to taste; 1 (15-ounce) can cannellini or Great Northern beans (do not drain); 2 roasted red peppers, sliced; 2 (14 1/2-ounce) cans chicken broth; 1 small zucchini, sliced and chopped in large pieces; 1 small yellow squash, sliced and chopped in large pieces; 2 large leaves fresh basil, chopped; 12 leaves fresh oregano, chopped; 12 (1/2-inch) slices French baguette; Vegetable cooking spray | INSTRUCTIONS: Render bacon slowly in nonstick skillet over medium-low heat until crisp. Remove bacon from pan, reserve for garnish, and heat fat on medium-low. Add onion and cook for 3 minutes. Add garlic and continue cooking until onions are translucent. Do not allow garlic to burn. Transfer onions and garlic to a soup pot. Add carrots, tomatoes, and season with salt and pepper. Cook on medium heat for 5 minutes. Add the beans, red peppers, chicken broth, zucchini, and yellow squash. Bring to a boil. Add basil and oregano. Cover, reduce heat and simmer for 30 minutes. Preheat oven to 400 degrees. Spray bag <END>
INPUT: French, salad, virgin olive oil, cider vinegar, Dijon mustard, tarragon, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spinach, Pear, and Walnut Salad | CUISINE: French | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1 tablespoon cider vinegar; 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard; 1/2 teaspoon dried tarragon; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 1/8 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 5 ounces baby spinach leaves (about 5 cups lightly packed); 1 firm ripe pear, cored and sliced; 1/3 cup walnut pieces, toasted in a dry skillet over a medium-high flame until fragrant, about 2 minutes | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. In a large bowl, whisk together the oil, vinegar, mustard, tarragon, salt, and pepper. Add the spinach leaves and toss to coat. 2. Divide the spinach among 4 serving plates. Place a quarter of the pear slices and walnuts on top of each salad. 1. In a large bowl, whisk together the oil, vinegar, mustard, tarragon, salt, and pepper. Add the spinach leaves and toss to coat. 2. Divide the spinach among 4 serving plates. Place a quarter of the pear slices and walnuts on top of each salad. <END>
INPUT: plums, canola oil, honey, cinnamon, orange zest
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Plums with Spiced Walnut Yogurt Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 plums, halved and pitted; 2 teaspoons canola oil; 1 tablespoon honey; Pinch ground cinnamon; Pinch finely grated orange zest; Spiced Walnut Yogurt Sauce, recipe follows; 1 cup Greek yogurt; 1 tablespoon honey; 2 tablespoons fresh orange juice; 1 teaspoon grated orange zest; 1/4 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1/4 cup finely chopped walnuts, toasted | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Heat grill to high. Brush cut side of plums with oil, drizzle with 1 tablespoon honey, and sprinkle with a pinch each of cinnamon and orange zest. Place plums on the grill, cut side down, and grill for 2 minutes or until golden brown and slightly caramelized. Turn over and grill until just heated through, approximately 1 minute longer. Place 3 plum halves in each of 4 bowls and top with a few tablespoons of the Spiced Walnut Yogurt Sauce. Whisk all ingredients together in a small bowl. Cover and refrigerate if not using right away. <END>
INPUT: confit, organic lemons, shallots, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lemon Confit | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 5 organic lemons; 2 shallots minced; 1/2 cup salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Slice lemons 1/8-inch thick. Layer half the lemons slices and shallots in a pan. Sprinkle with 1/4 cup of salt. Repeat layering process with remaining ingredients. Cover the pan with plastic wrap making sure the plastic touches the top layer of lemons. Leave the pan overnight or up to 48 hours. Rinse the lemon slices and use as you would preserved lemons. Keep refrigerated up to a week. <END>
INPUT: imperial, Salt pepper, Potato starch, Peanut oil, baby bok choy
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lobster Imperial | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 (1 1/2 pound) live Maine lobster; Salt and pepper; Potato starch, for coating; Peanut oil, for frying; 1 baby bok choy, trimmed; 2 ounces snow peas, trimmed, halved diagonally; 1 Japanese or wild leek, sliced diagonally; 2 tablespoons peanut oil; 1 tablespoon sugar; 1 tablespoon fermented black beans, chopped*; 1 tablespoon minced garlic; 1/4 cup sherry; Salt and pepper; 1/4 cup cold lobster stock plus 1/2 teaspoon cornstarch, whisked together | INSTRUCTIONS: Prepare the lobster. Cut off claws and split in half lengthwise. Split the lobster lengthwise, from head to tail. Discard the stomach area. Cut into pieces. Place in a bowl and season with salt and pepper. Lightly coat with potato starch, shaking off any excess starch. Preheat peanut oil to 400 degrees F. Deep-fry the lobster pieces for 1 1/2 to 2 minutes. Remove from oil and drain on plate lined with paper towels. Reserve. Prepare the bok choy, snow peas and leeks. Reserve. To prepare the sauce: In a wok, over high heat, combine the oil, sugar, fermented black beans and garlic. Season with sa <END>
INPUT: fries, portobello mushroom caps, virgin olive oil, Steak seasoning blend, eggs, flat leaf parsley
OUTPUT: TITLE: Portobello Mushroom "Fries" | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 large portobello mushroom caps; Extra-virgin olive oil, for drizzling, plus 1/4 cup; Steak seasoning blend, such as Montreal Steak Seasoning, or coarse salt and black pepper; 2 eggs, beaten; 1/4 cup flat-leaf parsley, chopped; 1 cup Italian bread crumbs; 1/2 cup shredded or grated Parmesan | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat a grill pan over medium high to high heat. Scrape the gills off the underside of portobello mushroom caps with a spoon. Brush caps gently with a damp cloth to clean them. Drizzle caps with oil to keep them from sticking to the grill pan and season the caps with steak seasoning or salt and black pepper. Grill mushrooms 3 or 4 minutes on each side under a loose tin foil tent until just tender. Remove from heat and cool 5 minutes. Slice grilled caps into 1/2-inch strips. Turn strips in egg, then coat in mixture of parsley, bread crumbs and cheese. Cook "fries" over medium high heat in eno <END>
INPUT: Mexican, sandwiches, lime, honey, rounded cumin, handful cilantro, virgin olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Honey Lime Chicken Sandwiches | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 lime, juiced; 2 tablespoons honey; 1 rounded teaspoon cumin; A handful cilantro, finely chopped, about 1/2 tablespoons; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, canola, or corn oil; Four 6 to 8-ounce boneless skinless chicken breast; 1 teaspoon grill seasoning blend or coarse salt and pepper; Toppings: lettuce, tomato, red onion, and sliced avocado; 1 cup prepared salsa verde; 4 crusty rolls, split; Five Vegetable Slaw Salad, recipe follows; Assorted tortilla chips, for serving; 1 pound packaged shredded cabbage; 1 large red bell pepper, seeded and cut across into thin slices; 1 large green bell pepper, seeded and cut across into thin slices | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine first 5 ingredients in a small bowl. Sprinkle chicken with seasoning blend or salt and pepper. Coat chicken in dressing and set aside for 10 minutes. Grill chicken on an indoor electric grill 6 to 7 minutes on each side or pan fry over medium high heat in a large nonstick skillet uncovered 6 minutes per side. Slice chicken breasts on an angle and pile meat roll bottoms. Top with lettuce, tomato, red onion and sliced avocado. Spread salsa on roll tops as a condiment. Serve sandwiches with Five Vegetable Slaw Salad and assorted tortilla chips. Combine vegetables in a bowl. In another sma <END>
INPUT: poke, shoyu, onion, ogo seaweed
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sam's Fried Poke with Tuna | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 (4 to 6 ounce) pieces raw tuna, cut into 3/4-inch cubes; 1 teaspoon shoyu; 1/4 cup chopped onion; 1 teaspoon chopped green onion; 1/4 cup ogo seaweed; 1 teaspoon sesame oil; 1 tablespoon oil; Bean sprouts, chopped cabbage or greens, as an accompaniment | INSTRUCTIONS: Place tuna cubes in a bowl with shoyu, onion, green onion, seaweed, and sesame oil. Mix well and then quickly sear in hot oil in a high heat wok. Don't cook for more than 1 or 2 minutes, as you want the center raw. Serve on a bed of greens.; <END>
INPUT: sangria, seedless grapes, cubed cantaloupe, sugar, lemon, mint
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cantaloupe Sangria | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup seedless green grapes; 4 cups cubed cantaloupe (about 1 large cantaloupe, seeded and peeled); 1/3 to 1/2 cup sugar; 1/2 lemon, thinly sliced; Fresh mint sprigs; 1 (750 ml) bottle chilled pinot grigio | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. Cut the grapes crosswise, then freeze. Puree the cantaloupe with the sugar in a blender. 2. In a pitcher, combine the frozen grapes, pureed cantaloupe, lemon slices, mint sprigs, and wine. Ladle into glasses and serve. <END>
INPUT: French, peach raspberry preserves
OUTPUT: TITLE: French Brie and Ham Baguette | CUISINE: French | INGREDIENTS: 1 (18 to 20-inch) baguette; 1/3 cup peach or raspberry preserves; 1 (6-ounce) package deli ham slices; 1 (5-ounce) wedge brie, sliced, room temperature (recommended: Alouette) | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Slice baguette horizontally with a serrated bread knife. Spread preserves on both sides of bread. On bottom half of baguette, lay down overlapping slices of ham and top with slices of brie. Place top of baguette on sandwich. Cut into 1-inch pieces and secure with decorative sandwich picks. Optional: heat in a 400 degree F oven for 10 to 12 minutes. <END>
INPUT: mousse, unflavored gelatin, lemon juice, mascarpone cheese, sour cream, hard eggs
OUTPUT: TITLE: Smoked Salmon and Chive Mascarpone Mousse with Pink Pickled Onions | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 teaspoon unflavored gelatin; 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 1 1/2 cups mascarpone cheese* (about 3/4 pound); 3/4 cup sour cream; 2 hard-cooked large eggs; 1 tablespoon drained bottled horseradish, or to taste; 3/4 pound sliced smoked salmon*; 1/2 cup chopped fresh chives; about 2 cups pink pickled onions (recipe follows); 2 medium red onions, chopped; 1/2 cup cider vinegar; 1 1/2 teaspoons salt; Garnish: chive blossoms; Accompaniment: Melba toasts and/or sesame flatbread; *available at specialty foods shops and some supermarkets | INSTRUCTIONS: To prepare the salmon: In a small saucepan sprinkle gelatin over lemon juice and soften 10 minutes. In a bowl with an electric mixer beat together mascarpone and 1/2 cup sour cream until combined well. Quarter eggs and with back of a spoon force through a coarse sieve into mascarpone mixture. Add horseradish and stir well. Add remaining 1/4 cup sour cream to gelatin mixture and heat over moderately low heat, stirring, just until gelatin is dissolved. Add gelatin mixture to mascarpone mixture and stir well. Cut about one third salmon into strips and arrange 1 in every other ridge of a 3-cup bri <END>
INPUT: vinaigrette, garlic, rosemary, anchovy fillets, fennel seeds, coarse kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Butterflied Leg of Lamb with Tomato-Fennel Vinaigrette | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 9 garlic cloves, minced; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh rosemary; 2 anchovy fillets, minced; 2 teaspoons fennel seeds; 2 teaspoons coarse kosher salt; 1 1/2 teaspoons freshly cracked black pepper; 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 1 (4- to 5-pound) butterflied leg of lamb, trimmed of excess fat and sinew (from one 61/2-pound bone-in leg of lamb); 1 1/2 teaspoons fennel seeds; 1 pound tomatoes, seeded, finely chopped (about 2 cups); 1/2 cup Kalamata or Niçoise olives, pitted, finely chopped; 3 tablespoons red wine vinegar; 1/3 cup extra-virgin olive oil; Coarse kosher salt; 1/4 cup thinly sliced fresh basil | INSTRUCTIONS: For lamb: Combine minced garlic, chopped rosemary, minced anchovies, fennel seeds, salt, and freshly cracked black pepper in small bowl or in mortar with pestle. Using sturdy wooden spoon or pestle, mash mixture into paste. Mix in extra-virgin olive oil. Rub paste thoroughly over both sides of lamb. Place lamb in 15x10x2-inch glass baking dish; cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate overnight. Let lamb stand at room temperature 1 hour before grilling. Combine minced garlic, chopped rosemary, minced anchovies, fennel seeds, salt, and freshly cracked black pepper in small bowl or in mortar with <END>
INPUT: grain, scones, pure pumpkin puree, buttermilk, egg yolk, old fashioned rolled
OUTPUT: TITLE: Whole-Grain Pumpkin Scones | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Cooking spray; 1/2 cup pure pumpkin puree; 3 tablespoons buttermilk; 1 large egg yolk; 1/2 cup old-fashioned rolled oats; 1 1/2 cups whole-wheat pastry flour; 1/2 cup packed light brown sugar; 2 teaspoons baking powder; 1 teaspoon pumpkin pie spice; 1/2 teaspoon baking soda; Kosher salt; 6 tablespoons cold unsalted butter, cut into 1/2-inch cubes; 1/4 cup dried cranberries or dried cherries; 1 teaspoon turbinado sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Line a 9-inch square cake pan with parchment and coat lightly with cooking spray. Whisk together the pumpkin, buttermilk and egg yolk in a small bowl until smooth; set aside. Grind the oats in a food processor until they form a coarse meal. Add the flour, brown sugar, baking powder, pumpkin pie spice, baking soda and 1/2 teaspoon salt and pulse until combined. Add the butter and pulse until the mixture looks like fine meal. Add the cranberries and pulse once. Add the pumpkin mixture and pulse until the oat mixture is just moistened, 3 or 4 pulses. Turn the do <END>
INPUT: angel, powdered sugar, meringue powder, Water, drops food coloring, sanding sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Angel Cones | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup powdered sugar; 1 tablespoon meringue powder; Water, for icing consistency; 2 to 3 drops blue food coloring; Blue sanding sugar, garnish; 1/4 cup shredded coconut; 2 to 3 drops yellow food coloring; 2 to 3 drops red food coloring; 6-ounce white chocolate bar; 6 sugar ice cream cones; 6 tablespoons marzipan; Food coloring pens; 6 vanilla wafer cookies; 12 white chocolate dipped pretzels | INSTRUCTIONS: To make the icing for the skirt, in a small bowl, combine powdered sugar, meringue powder and add enough water to get the desired icing consistency. Mix in 2 to 3 drops of blue food coloring. Set aside. To make the hair, divide the coconut into 2 separate bowls and color with yellow food coloring in 1, and red in the other. Set aside. To make the body, melt white chocolate bars in a medium bowl in the microwave for 30 seconds at a time, stirring in between heating. Dip cones in melted white chocolate. Holding onto the tip of the cone, dip larger end into the blue royal icing, then dust with sa <END>
INPUT: muffins, all purpose flour, sugar, cornmeal, baking powder, kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Raspberry Corn Muffins | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 cups all-purpose flour; 1 cup sugar; 1 cup medium cornmeal; 2 tablespoons baking powder; 1 1/2 teaspoons kosher salt; 1 1/2 cups whole milk; 1/2 pound unsalted butter, melted and cooled; 2 extra-large eggs; 3/4 cup good raspberry preserves | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line 12 large muffin cups with paper liners. In the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with a paddle attachment, mix the flour, sugar, cornmeal, baking powder, and salt. In a separate bowl, combine the milk, melted butter, and eggs. With the mixer on the lowest speed, pour the wet ingredients into the dry ones and stir until they are just blended. Spoon the batter into the paper liners, filling each one to the top. Bake for 30 minutes, until the tops are crisp and a toothpick comes out clean. Cool slightly and remove from the pan. After the muffins cool, spoon  <END>
INPUT: Mexican, glaze, ketchup, orange juice, cilantro, chili garlic sauce, soy sauce
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Chicken and Pork with Orange-Cumin Glaze | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 3 cups ketchup; 3 cups orange juice; 1 1/2 cups chopped fresh cilantro; 1/2 cup chili-garlic sauce; 1/4 cup soy sauce; 2 tablespoons ground cumin; 10 chicken thighs with bone and skin; 10 1- to 1 1/4-inch-thick center-cut pork chops (each 12 ounces) | INSTRUCTIONS: Puree first 6 ingredients in processor until smooth. Transfer to bowl. Prepare barbecue (medium heat); brush grill rack with oil. Set aside 3 cups glaze for serving. Grill chicken 6 minutes per side. Brush with some of remaining glaze. Continue grilling until chicken is cooked through, turning occasionally and brushing frequently with more glaze, about 25 minutes longer. Transfer chicken to platter; tent with foil to keep warm. Grill pork about 3 minutes per side. Brush with some glaze. Continue grilling until thermometer inserted into center of chop registers 145°F to 150°F, turning occasiona <END>
INPUT: sticky, water, salt, short grain rice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sticky Rice | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 cups water; 1 teaspoon salt; 1 1/2 cups short-grain rice (such as sushi rice) | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring water to boil in small saucepan. Stir in salt and rice; bring to boil. Cover, reduce heat to low, and simmer until water is absorbed and rice is tender, about 17 minutes. Remove pan from heat. Bring water to boil in small saucepan. Stir in salt and rice; bring to boil. Cover, reduce heat to low, and simmer until water is absorbed and rice is tender, about 17 minutes. Remove pan from heat. <END>
INPUT: salad, bacon, corn, mixed colors sizes, Kosher salt pepper, healthy size thyme
OUTPUT: TITLE: Bacon, Arugula, Tomato and Roasted Corn Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 thick slices bacon, cut crosswise into lardons (1/2-inch chubby pieces); 3 ears corn, shucked; 2 pounds mixed colors and sizes heirloom tomatoes; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 healthy-size sprig fresh thyme; 4 teaspoons white wine vinegar; 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard; 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 6 cups baby arugula or other baby lettuces (about 8 ounces) | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F. Put the bacon in a small skillet and cook over medium heat until rendered and just crisp and not black, about 8 minutes. Transfer to a paper towel to drain. Reserve some of the bacon fat. Brush the corn lightly with the bacon fat and put on a baking sheet. Roast the corn, turning once or twice, until the some of the kernels get a little burnished, 15 to 20 minutes. Cool. (Alternatively, the corn can be cooked on a hot grill for about 10 minutes). Dice and chunk up the tomatoes - it's kind of great if they aren't all uniform. Put the pieces into a big salad bo <END>
INPUT: mode, butter, apples, Bosc pear, sugar, lemon juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cranberry Sauce over Pound Cake a la Mode | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon butter; 2 medium apples, peeled and chunked, such as McIntosh; 1 medium Bosc pear, peeled and chunked; 1 tablespoon brown sugar; 1 teaspoon lemon juice; 1/8 teaspoon ground nutmeg; 1 cup apple cider; 1/2 to 2/3 cup prepared whole berry cranberry or cranberry-orange sauce; 4 (1-inch) slices packaged pound cake; 1 pint French vanilla ice cream | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Place a small saucepan, over moderate heat and add butter. Work close to the stove and add apples and pear to the pot as you chop them. Sprinkle the fruit with brown sugar, a teaspoon of lemon juice and nutmeg. Add cider and raise heat a little. Allow liquid to come to a boil, then add cranberry sauce to the pot. When sauce returns to a boil, turn heat back to moderate, and cook sauce 5 minutes until apples and pears are softened but sauce remains fairly chunky in consistency. Spoon the warm fruit sauce over pound cake slices and top with scoops of vanilla ice cr <END>
INPUT: pandowdy, apricots, cornstarch, sugar, unsalted butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Apricot Pandowdy | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 lb fresh apricots, quartered lengthwise and pitted; 1 tablespoon cornstarch; 1/2 cup plus 1 tablespoon sugar; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1 (10-inch) refrigerated pie dough (from a 15-oz package), unrolled; 1 tablespoon milk | INSTRUCTIONS: Put oven rack in middle position and preheat oven to 400°F. Toss apricots with cornstarch and 1/2 cup sugar until coated. Heat butter in a 10-inch heavy skillet over moderate heat until foam subsides, then stir in apricot mixture. Bring to a boil, stirring frequently, then immediately transfer to a 9-inch pie plate. Fold pie dough into quarters and trim 1 inch from rounded edge. Unfold (trimmed round should be 8 inches in diameter) and put on top of fruit. Brush pastry with milk and sprinkle with remaining tablespoon sugar. Bake until apricot filling is bubbling and crust is golden, about 20 m <END>
INPUT: moelleux, butter, dark chocolate, eggs, sugar, all purpose flour
OUTPUT: TITLE: Moelleux au Chocolat | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2/3 cup butter, plus more for greasing; 4 ounces dark chocolate, chopped; 4 eggs; 2/3 cup sugar; 1/2 cup all-purpose flour; 2/3 cup sugar; 1/4 cup butter; 1/3 cup plus 2 tablespoons cream; Squirt lemon juice, to taste | INSTRUCTIONS: For the cakes: Butter 6 ramekins and line with a disk of parchment paper, and then butter the parchment. In a double boiler, bowl or saucepan, very gently melt the butter and chocolate together over a water bath. In a separate mixing bowl, beat the eggs and sugar until thick, pale, and ribbony. Beat in the flour, and finally the chocolate mixture. Pour the mixture into the ramekins and chill. Just before serving, preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Place the ramekins on a baking sheet, and bake until the top is set, 12 to 14 minutes. Remove. Let sit 5 minutes, before unmolding onto plates. Serv <END>
INPUT: nuggets, potato tots, granulated garlic, onion powder, smoked paprika, chipotle chile powder
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spicy Baked Potato Nuggets | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: One 28-ounce bag frozen potato tots; 2 teaspoons granulated garlic; 2 teaspoons onion powder; 2 teaspoons smoked paprika; 1 teaspoon chipotle chile powder; 1 teaspoon fine sugar; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Spread the potato tots on a nonstick baking sheet. Bake according to the package directions. Stir together the granulated garlic, onion powder, paprika, chipotle chile powder, sugar, 2 teaspoons salt and 1/4 teaspoon pepper. Sprinkle the nuggets with the spice mixture while hot and toss to coat evenly. <END>
INPUT: brown, sauce, balsamic vinegar, honey, Dijon mustard, swordfish steaks
OUTPUT: TITLE: Swordfish with Balsamic Brown Butter Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup (1 stick) unsalted butter; 3 tablespoons balsamic vinegar; 1 tablespoon honey; 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard; 6 6-ounce swordfish steaks (each about 3/4 inch thick); Olive oil; 2 tablespoons drained capers; Chopped tomatoes (optional) | INSTRUCTIONS: Simmer butter in heavy medium saucepan over medium heat until deep golden brown, swirling pan occasionally, about 6 minutes. Remove from heat. Whisk in vinegar, honey and mustard. Season sauce with salt and pepper. Brush fish with oil; sprinkle with salt and pepper. Heat heavy large skillet over medium-high heat. Add 3 swordfish steaks. Sauté just until opaque in center, about 4 minutes per side. Transfer to plates; tent loosely with foil to keep warm. Repeat with remaining fish. Whisk sauce over low heat to rewarm if necessary. Spoon sauce over fish. Sprinkle with capers and, if desired, toma <END>
INPUT: sauce, olive oil, veal, garlic, rosemary, mushrooms
OUTPUT: TITLE: Veal, Mushroom and Red Wine Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons olive oil; 1 pound ground veal; 3 large garlic cloves, chopped; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh rosemary or 2 teaspoons dried; 1/2 pound mushrooms, chopped; 1 14 1/2-ounce can diced tomatoes in puree; 3/4 cup dry red wine; 3/4 cup canned beef broth; 1/4 cup tomato paste | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat oil in large skillet over medium-high heat. Add veal, garlic and rosemary; sauté until veal is no longer pink, breaking up large clumps with back of spoon, about 5 minutes. Add mushrooms; sauté 5 minutes. Add tomatoes, wine, broth and tomato paste. Bring to boil. Reduce heat to medium; simmer until mixture thickens to sauce consistency, stirring occasionally, about 30 minutes. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Heat oil in large skillet over medium-high heat. Add veal, garlic and rosemary; sauté until veal is no longer pink, breaking up large clumps with back of spoon, about 5 minutes. <END>
INPUT: fruits, glaze, plums, peaches, pears, honey, light sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Fruits with Cinnamon-Red Wine Glaze and Toasted Almonds | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 plums, ripe; 2 peaches, ripe; 2 pears, ripe; 2 tablespoons honey; 2 tablespoons light brown sugar; 2 tablespoons light-bodied red wine (recommended: Beaujolais); 1/2 teaspoon cinnamon, ground; 3/4 cup almonds, sliced; 1/4 cup granulated sugar; 1 large egg white | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 400 degrees. Quarter the fruit and remove all the seeds and pits. Combine the honey, brown sugar, wine and cinnamon in a 9-inch baking dish. Add the fruit and toss to coat. Bake until tender, 20 to 30 minutes. When the fruit is done, remove it and lower the oven temperature to 350 degrees. Meanwhile, toss the almonds and granulated sugar together, then add the egg white and mix well to coat. Lightly grease a baking sheet and spread the almond mixture on it. Bake the almonds, turning them with a spatula every 5 minutes until golden brown and caramelized, 10 to 12 minutes. Serve  <END>
INPUT: panko bread crumbs, garlic powder, Salt pepper, Milk
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pork Medallions | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup panko bread crumbs; 1 tablespoon garlic powder; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 (1 to 1 1/2 pound) pork loin, sliced into medallions and pounded thin; Milk, as needed to moisten pork; 2 tablespoons grapeseed oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Mix bread crumbs, garlic powder, salt and freshly ground black pepper. Moisten pork medallions with milk, and coat with bread crumb mixture allowing most of the excess to fall away. Add grapeseed oil to the pan over medium-high heat and cook pork leaving each side undisturbed for the first few minutes to allow the caramelization process to begin and prevent the coating from crusting off. <END>
INPUT: stir, size, peanut oil, garlic, salt, Holland chiles other
OUTPUT: TITLE: Stir-Fried Asian Greens with Chiles and Garlic | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 medium-size bunch (about 13 ounces) tender Asian greens, such as bok choi, baby bok choi, baby Shanghai choi, choi sum, baby kai lan, or water spina; 3 tablespoons peanut oil; 4 cloves garlic, peeled, bruised until juicy with a flat side of knife, and coarsely chopped into 3 or 4 chunks; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 1 to 2 fresh red Holland chiles or other hot fresh red long chiles, such as Fresno or cayenne, stemmed and sliced on the diagonal into thin pieces (op | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. Carefully inspect the greens, discarding or trimming off any spoiled stems or leaves. Trim the bottom ends off and discard. Wash the greens in several changes of the coldest possible water; tepid water might cause them to wilt, and you want them to stay as alert and perky as possible before being cooked. (Note: Because bok choi and baby bok choi tend to have pockets full of sand in the nooks where the leaves meet the center stem, be certain to pull the leaves back slightly away from the stem when you're cleaning them. There are few things worse than a mouthful of sand when you want a mouthf <END>
INPUT: burnt, oranges, honey, confectioners' sugar, cayenne, Salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Burnt Orange Campari | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 oranges, sliced; 2 tablespoons/30ml honey; 2 tablespoons/30ml confectioners' sugar; Pinch cayenne; Salt; 1 ounce/30ml Campari; 1 ounce/30ml vodka; Juice of 1 orange; Club soda | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (180 degrees C). For the burnt oranges: Lay the orange slices on a parchment-lined baking sheet. Drizzle with honey, making sure to cover them. Sprinkle with the confectioners' sugar and cayenne, and season with salt. Bake until the oranges are charred and slightly translucent, flipping halfway through, about 35 minutes. Let cool. For the cocktail: Place one burnt orange slice in a glass and add ice. Pour in the Campari, vodka and orange juice. Top with club soda. Garnish with another burnt orange slice. <END>
INPUT: Asian, pacific, burgers, chicken, panko bread crumbs, egg, onions, cilantro leaves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pacific Rim Chicken Burgers with Ginger Mayonnaise | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/4 pounds ground chicken; 2/3 cup panko bread crumbs; 1 egg, lightly beaten; 2 green onions, thinly sliced; 3 tablespoons chopped cilantro leaves, plus extra for garnish; 1 clove garlic, minced; 1 teaspoon Asian hot chili sauce; 1 teaspoon salt; 1/2 cup bottled teriyaki glaze; 4 teaspoons honey; 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, plus extra for hands; 4 sesame buns, split and toasted; 4 leaves red lettuce; 1 cucumber, peeled, seeded, halved, and thinly sliced lengthwise; Ginger Mayonnaise, recipe follows | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large bowl, mix together the chicken, panko, egg, green onions, chopped cilantro, garlic, chili sauce, and salt. With oiled hands, form mixture into 4 patties. In a small bowl, mix together the teriyaki glaze and honey. Heat oil in a large non-stick frying pan over medium-high heat. Add chicken patties and cook on both sides, brushing each side with the teriyaki-honey mixture, about 10 minutes, or until fully cooked through. Place burgers on toasted buns and top with lettuce, cucumber, and Ginger Mayonnaise. Garnish with cilantro sprigs and cucumber slices. In a small bowl, mix together a <END>
INPUT: seedless grapes grapes, grappa, container mascarpone cheese, powdered sugar, lemon peel
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grapes in Grappa with Mascarpone | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 cups seedless red grapes and green grapes (about 2 pounds); 1/3 cup plus 2 tablespoons grappa*; 1 8-ounce container mascarpone cheese**; 3 tablespoons powdered sugar; 3 1/2 teaspoons grated lemon peel; *Italian spirit distilled from the grape skins, pulp and seeds that remain after the juice is pressed out. Available at liquor stores nationwide; **Italian cream cheese available at Italian markets and many supermarkets. If unavailable, blend 8 ounces cream cheese with 1/4 cup whipping cream and | INSTRUCTIONS: Cut 2 1/2 cups grapes in half; place in bowl. Add 1/3 cup grappa. Let stand at least 3 hours, stirring occasionally. Purée remaining 1 1/2 cups grapes in processor. Transfer to strainer set over bowl. Press on solids in strainer to extract as much liquid as possible; discard solids in strainer. Transfer 1/2 cup grape juice to medium bowl (reserve any remaining juice for another use). Add remaining 2 tablespoons grappa, mascarpone, powdered sugar and 2 1/2 teaspoons lemon peel to bowl with grape juice; whisk until well blended. (Grapes and sweetened mascarpone can be made 1 day ahead. Cover sep <END>
INPUT: Italian, gnocchi, ricotta cheese, Grana Padano Parmigiano, Flour, unsalted butter, sage leaves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Ricotta and Grana Padano Gnocchi | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 16 ounces ricotta cheese; 9 ounces grated Grana Padano or Parmigiano Reggiano cheese; Flour, for binding and dusting; 4 tablespoons unsalted butter; Fresh sage leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: Place the soft ricotta cheese and Grana Padano or Parmigiano cheese in a large bowl and mix by folding the ingredients together. Add a small amount of flour (1/4 to 1/2 cup) to bind the dough and absorb the excess moisture. Knead the dough on a lightly-floured work surface. It is important not to add too much flour because the gnocchi may get heavy. Take a large piece of dough, and roll it out into thin logs, approximately 3/4-inch thick. Cut each log into 1/2-inch wide cubes. Make ridges on each gnocchi by using the back of a fork in a rolling action. The imprints will trap the sauce on the s <END>
INPUT: wrapped, Parmesan, Zest lemon, parsley, egg, Flour
OUTPUT: TITLE: Puff Pastry-Wrapped Olives | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 cup grated Parmesan; Zest of 1 lemon; 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh parsley; 1 large egg; Flour, for dusting; 1 sheet frozen puff pastry (from a 17.3-ounce package), thawed; About 40 pimento-stuffed green olives (two 3-ounce jars), drained | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper. In a mixing bowl, toss together the Parmesan, lemon zest and parsley until combined. In a separate small bowl, whisk the egg with 2 teaspoons water to make an egg wash. On a floured work surface, gently roll out the puff pastry sheet, removing any fold marks but keeping the same general size and shape. Using a sharp knife or a pizza wheel, cut forty 1-by-2-inch rectangles. Place an olive in the middle of a rectangle and gently wrap the pastry around the olive, pinching the seam and ends to seal. Coat the wrapped olive <END>
INPUT: Asian, Two packages spaghetti, creamy all natural, gluten free low, rice wine vinegar, sesame oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Peanut Sesame Noodles | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: Two 8-ounce packages spaghetti-shaped Tofu shirataki noodles; 1/3 cup creamy all-natural peanut butter; 2 tablespoons gluten-free low-sodium soy sauce; 2 tablespoons rice wine vinegar; 2 teaspoons sesame oil; One 1-inch piece fresh ginger, peeled and finely chopped; 1 clove garlic, finely chopped; Kosher salt; 1/2 English cucumber, sliced into 1/4-inch-thick half-moons; 4 scallions, thinly sliced | INSTRUCTIONS: Rinse the noodles very well in a colander under cold running water. Prepare them according to the package directions. Combine the peanut butter, soy sauce, vinegar, sesame oil, ginger, garlic, 1/8 teaspoon salt and 2 tablespoons warm water in a blender and blend until smooth. Pour over the noodles and toss with the cucumber and scallions. <END>
INPUT: sour, chicken thighs skin, salt, paprika, cinnamon, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sweet-and-Sour Chicken Thighs with Carrots | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 8 small chicken thighs with skin and bone (2 1/2 to 2 3/4 lb total), trimmed of excess fat; 2 teaspoons salt; 1 1/4 teaspoons paprika; 3/4 teaspoon cinnamon; 1/2 teaspoon black pepper; 1 1/2 tablespoons olive oil; 1 large onion, halved lengthwise, then cut lengthwise into1/4-inch-wide strips; 1 lb carrots (6 medium), cut diagonally into 1-inch pieces; 2 tablespoons minced garlic; 1/2 cup water; 1/4 cup fresh lemon juice; 2 tablespoons mild honey; 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh flat-leaf parsley; 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh cilantro | INSTRUCTIONS: Pat chicken dry. Stir together 1 1/2 teaspoons salt with paprika, cinnamon, and pepper and rub onto chicken. Heat oil in a 12-inch heavy skillet over moderately high heat until hot but not smoking, then brown chicken in 2 batches, turning over once, about 10 minutes per batch. Transfer chicken as browned to a plate. Discard all but 3 tablespoons fat from skillet, then add onion and carrots. Sprinkle with remaining 1/2 teaspoon salt and pepper to taste and cook over moderate heat, stirring occasionally, until onion is softened and beginning to brown, 8 to 10 minutes. Add garlic and cook, stirri <END>
INPUT: gougeres, water, butter, salt, flour, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Gruyere Gougeres | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups + 1 tablespoon water; 1 stick + 6 tablespoons butter; 1 tablespoon salt; 2 cups + 2 tablespoons flour; 1 tablespoon sugar; 10 eggs; 1 cup + 2 tablespoons Gruyere cheese; White pepper to taste | INSTRUCTIONS: Place water, butter, salt and sugar in a pot and bring to a boil. Add all the flour and mix with a wooden spoon until dough is formed (about two minutes). Transfer dough into mixer with paddle attachment and mix on medium to slightly cool the mixture. Add the eggs one at a time making sure to incorporating each fully (the batter should be silky smooth). Add the cheese and white pepper to taste. Pipe quarter size puffs on parchment paper and bake in oven 450 for 7-8 minutes, then reduce heat to 350 and cook for an additional 20-25 minutes until the gougeres are puffed and golden brown. Sobel li <END>
INPUT: American, barbecue, coleslaw, unsalted butter, onion, garlic, ketchup, Worcestershire sauce
OUTPUT: TITLE: Barbecue Pork Burgers with Coleslaw | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1/2 cup minced onion; 2 garlic cloves, minced; 1 cup ketchup; 3 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce; 2 teaspoons dry mustard; 1/4 cup cider vinegar; 1/4 cup firmly packed brown sugar; 2 1/2 teaspoons chili powder; 1/2 teaspoon hot pepper sauce; 1 1/2 pounds ground pork; 3 tablespoons fresh bread crumbs; Vegetable oil, for brushing the burgers; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 cups thinly shredded cabbage | INSTRUCTIONS: Make the barbecue sauce: Heat the butter in a heavy saucepan over medium heat. Add the onion and garlic and cook, stirring, until softened, about 10 minutes. Add the ketchup, Worcestershire sauce, mustard, vinegar, brown sugar, chili powder, and hot pepper sauce, and simmer the mixture, stirring occasionally, for 15 minutes. Transfer the sauce to a bowl and let it cool. The barbecue sauce may be made 4 days in advance and kept covered and chilled. Make the burgers: In a bowl combine well the pork, the bread crumbs, and 1/3 cup of the barbecue sauce and form the mixture into 4 (1-inch-thick) pa <END>
INPUT: Indian, masala, hyderabadi, lamb, plain yogurt, ghee clarified butter, cardamom pods
OUTPUT: TITLE: Yogurt Marinated Lamb with Tri-Masala and Basmati Rice (Hyderabadi Biryani) | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound lamb, cut into 1-inch cubes; 1 pint plain yogurt; 4 teaspoons ghee or clarified butter; 3 cloves; 3 cardamom pods; 3 cinnamon sticks; 3 green chiles, chopped; 3 large onions, chopped; 3 tomatoes, diced; 1/2 cup fresh cilantro leaves; 1/4 cup fresh mint leaves; 1/2 cup water; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 2 cups basmati rice; 3 teaspoons ghee or clarified butter | INSTRUCTIONS: Place lamb in a bowl, coat with yogurt, cover and marinate in the refrigerator for at least 2 hours, preferably overnight. Begin preparing rice by soaking in water for 20 minutes. Drain and set aside. Prepare masala 1 by grinding together garlic clove and ginger to a fine paste. This can be done through the feed tube of a running food processor and finished with a mortar and pestle or molachete. Prepare masala 2 by grinding coriander seeds, fennel seeds and poppy seeds (either manually with a mortar and pestle or with a coffee grinder). Then make a fine paste by adding the red chiles through t <END>
INPUT: pork chops pork, butter, cubes French bread, mushrooms, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roquefort-Stuffed Pork Chops | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 1-inch-thick pork rib chops or boneless pork loin chops; 3 tablespoons butter; 1 1/2 cups small cubes of French bread; 1 cup chopped mushrooms; 2 tablespoons minced onion; 1/2 teaspoon dried rosemary, finely crumbled; 1/2 cup crumbled Roquefort cheese or blue cheese (about 2 ounces) | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350°F. Cut each pork chop horizontally in half to bone (or almost through if using boneless chops), making pocket for stuffing. Melt 1 tablespoon butter in heavy medium skillet over medium heat. Add bread and sauté until golden, about 10 minutes. Transfer to medium bowl. Melt 1 tablespoon butter in same skillet. Add mushrooms, onion and rosemary and sauté until onion is soft, about 5 minutes. Add to bread. Refrigerate until mixture is completely cool, about 15 minutes. Mix Roquefort into bread mixture; season with salt and pepper. Insert stuffing into pockets in pork, dividing  <END>
INPUT: cakes, zucchini, Baking Mix, onion, eggs, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Zucchini Cakes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 zucchini; 1 cup Baking Mix, recipe follows; 1/2 medium onion, diced small; 2 eggs; 1 tablespoon chopped garlic; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1/4 cup canola oil; 1/2 cup sour cream, for serving; 2 tablespoons freshly chopped parsley leaves; 6 cups all-purpose flour; 3 tablespoons baking powder; 2 teaspoons salt; 3/4 cup shortening | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Grate 2 zucchini and reserve 2 whole for another use. Put the grated zucchini in a clean kitchen towel and squeeze well to remove the excess water. In a large bowl combine the zucchini, baking mix, onion, eggs and garlic and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Mix well to thoroughly combine. Heat the canola oil in a skillet over medium heat. Using a 1/4 cup measure drop about 6 to 8 portions of the zucchini mixture into the skillet. Fry on both sides until golden brown and cooked through, about 3 minutes per side. Remove from the skillet and drain on a paper l <END>
INPUT: olive oil, jumbo artichokes, mayonnaise, Worcestershire sauce, fine salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Crab Stuffed Artichokes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons olive oil; 6 jumbo artichokes; 1 cup mayonnaise; 1/4 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce; 1/4 teaspoon fine salt; 1/4 fresh black pepper; 1/4 cup bread crumbs, dried; 1/2 teaspoon tarragon, dried; 2 tablespoons chopped scallions; 2 tablespoons chopped parsley leaves; 2 teaspoons lemon juice; 1 teaspoon grated lemon zest; 1 cup crabmeat | INSTRUCTIONS: Lightly oil baking sheet with olive oil and place in the oven to preheat. Trim and clean the artichokes by removing the lower 3 to 4 rows of outer leaves, and leaving 1/2-inch of stem. Trim the sharp tips off the remaining leaves with kitchen shears. In large pot, boil or steam artichokes 30 to 45 minutes, or until knife easily enters the base of the leaves. Remove from pan and let cool. Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. In medium mixing bowl, mix mayonnaise and Worcestershire sauce. When smooth, season with salt and pepper, to taste. Mix in bread crumbs, tarragon, scallions, parsley, lemon juice <END>
INPUT: citrus, cookies, psyllium husk powder, flax seeds, chia seed, rice based gluten, cornstarch
OUTPUT: TITLE: Gluten-Free Citrus Sugar Cookies | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 teaspoon psyllium-husk powder; 1 1/2 teaspoon whole flax seeds; 1 teaspoon chia seed; 2 1/2 cups rice-based gluten-free all-purpose flour*; 2 tablespoons cornstarch; 1/4 teaspoon fine sea salt; 1 cup granulated sugar; 1 cup (2 sticks) unsalted butter, softened; 2 large egg yolks; 1 1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract; 1/2 teaspoon finely grated lime zest; 1/2 teaspoon finely grated lemon zest; 1/2 teaspoon finely grated grapefruit zest; 1 cup confectioners sugar; 1/8 teaspoon ground cloves | INSTRUCTIONS: Make the cookies: Arrange the racks in the upper and lower rungs in the oven and preheat the oven to 325°F. Use a coffee grinder or mortar and pestle to grind the psyllium, flax and chia seeds to a fine powder, transfer to a bowl along with the flour mix, cornstarch, and salt. Whisk a few times to combine, and set aside. In a separate large bowl, beat the sugar and butter together using an electric mixer. Beat in the yolks and vanilla until combined. Add the flour mixture and mix just until combined. Divide the dough in three equal parts, placing each in a medium bowl. Add one type of zest to  <END>
INPUT: American, hard boiled eggs, mild goat cheese, milk, Dijon mustard, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Stuffed Eggs with Goat Cheese and Dill | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 6 hard-boiled large eggs; 2 1/2 oz fresh mild goat cheese (1/3 cup) at room temperature; 3 tablespoons milk; 3/4 teaspoon Dijon mustard; 1/4 teaspoon coarsely ground black pepper; 1/8 teaspoon salt; 2 1/2 tablespoons chopped fresh dill | INSTRUCTIONS: Halve eggs lengthwise and carefully remove yolks. Purée yolks, goat cheese, milk, mustard, pepper, and salt in a food processor until smooth. Add dill and pulse until finely chopped. Spoon (or pipe using a pastry bag) goat cheese mixture into egg whites. Halve eggs lengthwise and carefully remove yolks. Purée yolks, goat cheese, milk, mustard, pepper, and salt in a food processor until smooth. Add dill and pulse until finely chopped. Spoon (or pipe using a pastry bag) goat cheese mixture into egg whites. <END>
INPUT: American, barbecue, texas, olive oil, salt pork, onion, shallots, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pork Steaks with Homemade Barbecue Sauce, Texas Style Yukon Gold Potato Frites, and Grilled Chayote | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon olive oil; 4 slices salt pork, cubed; 1/2 white onion, chopped; 2 shallots, chopped; 6 garlic cloves, smashed; 1 tablespoon ginger, thinly sliced; 1 tablespoon ancho powder; 1 bottle beer; 1 tablespoon Worcestershire Sauce; 1/2 cup ketchup; 1/4 cup yellow mustard; 1 bouquet garni of various fresh herbs (cilantro, parsley, thyme); 2 to 3 cups chicken broth; 1/2 cup brown sugar; 4 thinly sliced (about 1/4-inch) pork steaks, bone-in, from the shoulder | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat olive oil in skillet. Add the salt pork and cook over medium heat until crispy. Remove the salt pork and set aside. Add in the onion and shallot and cook until translucent. Add in the garlic, ginger, and ancho powder and saute until fragrant, about 2 minutes. Add in the beer, cook 5 minutes. Add in all other ingredients except 1 cup of chicken broth. Simmer for 15 minutes. If the sauce seems too thick, thin with the reserved chicken broth. Crumble the salt pork into the sauce. Set aside and wait for pork to grill. Season pork steaks with salt, pepper. Place on a medium-high grill and sear <END>
INPUT: Italian, pesto, avocado, lightly basil leaves, garlic, lime juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Avocado "Pesto" | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 medium avocado, peeled, halved; 1 cup lightly packed fresh basil leaves; 1/2 cup (or more) canned chicken broth; 4 large garlic cloves; 2 tablespoons fresh lime juice; 1/2 cup vegetable oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Place avocado, basil, 1/2 cup broth, garlic and lime juice in blender. Blend until chopped, scraping down sides as needed. With machine running, gradually add oil and blend until smooth. If too thick, gradually add more broth by tablespoons. Season with salt and pepper. (Can be made 1 day ahead; chill.) Place avocado, basil, 1/2 cup broth, garlic and lime juice in blender. Blend until chopped, scraping down sides as needed. With machine running, gradually add oil and blend until smooth. If too thick, gradually add more broth by tablespoons. Season with salt and pepper. (Can be made 1 day ahead <END>
INPUT: soda, Water, Sugar, Cocoa powder, Vanilla bean Seeds, Chocolate Syrup
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate Soda | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Water 2 cups; Sugar 1/2 cup; Cocoa powder 1/2 cup; Vanilla bean Seeds scraped from 1/3 bean; Chocolate Syrup 2 cups; Seltzer 2 cups | INSTRUCTIONS: Make the chocolate syrup 1. In a medium saucepan, mix water, sugar, cocoa powder, and vanilla and bring to a boil. 2. Take off heat, strain, and let cool. 1. In a medium saucepan, mix water, sugar, cocoa powder, and vanilla and bring to a boil. 2. Take off heat, strain, and let cool. Make the soda 3. Add Chocolate Syrup to seltzer and stir. Divide among tall glasses. 3. Add Chocolate Syrup to seltzer and stir. Divide among tall glasses. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, pickles, kohlrabies, kosher salt, garlic, cilantro, unseasoned rice vinegar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Kohlrabi Pickles With Chile Oil | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound small kohlrabies, peeled, halved lengthwise, thinly sliced crosswise; 1 teaspoon kosher salt; 1 garlic clove, finely grated; 2 tablespoons coarsely chopped cilantro; 1 tablespoon unseasoned rice vinegar; 2 teaspoons chile oil; 1 teaspoon finely grated lime zest; 1 1/2 teaspoons fresh lime juice; 1/2 teaspoon black sesame seeds; 1/2 teaspoon fish sauce; 1/2 teaspoon sugar; 1/2 teaspoon toasted sesame oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Toss kohlrabies and salt in a large bowl to coat; chill, tossing occasionally, 30 minutes. Drain, then toss in a clean large bowl with garlic, cilantro, vinegar, chile oil, lime zest, lime juice, sesame seeds, fish sauce, sugar, and sesame oil to combine. Toss kohlrabies and salt in a large bowl to coat; chill, tossing occasionally, 30 minutes. Drain, then toss in a clean large bowl with garlic, cilantro, vinegar, chile oil, lime zest, lime juice, sesame seeds, fish sauce, sugar, and sesame oil to combine. <END>
INPUT: sandwiches, olive oil, lemon juice, rosemary, swordfish steak, caponata
OUTPUT: TITLE: Swordfish and Caponata Sandwiches | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons olive oil; 2 teaspoons fresh lemon juice; 2 teaspoons chopped fresh rosemary; 1 10- to 11-ounce swordfish steak (about 3/4 inch thick), halved; 3/4 cup caponata (eggplant relish) from jar or can; 4 thin lemon slices; 2 6-inch-long French rolls, split horizontally; 1 small bunch arugula | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat broiler. Whisk olive oil, lemon juice and 1 teaspoon rosemary in glass pie dish to blend. Sprinkle swordfish with salt and pepper. Add swordfish to marinade and turn to coat. Let stand 10 minutes. Mix remaining 1 teaspoon rosemary into caponata. Transfer swordfish to broiler pan; reserve marinade in dish. Broil swordfish until just opaque in center, about 2 minutes per side; transfer to sheet of foil. Brush lemon slices with some of reserved marinade. Broil lemon slices until lightly charred, about 1 minute per side. Broil cut side of rolls until lightly toasted, about 30 seconds. Plac <END>
INPUT: Italian, risotto, butter, onions, thyme, arborio grain rice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Risotto with Peas and Green Onions | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons butter; 3/4 cup chopped green onions; 1/2 teaspoon chopped fresh thyme or 1/4 teaspoon dried; 3/4 cup arborio or medium-grain white rice; 2 1/2 cups (or more) canned low-salt chicken broth; 3/4 cup frozen petite peas, thawed; 1 cup grated Parmesan cheese | INSTRUCTIONS: Melt butter in heavy large saucepan over medium heat. Add green onions and thyme and sauté until onions wilt, about 1 minute. Add rice and stir to coat. Add 2 1/2 cups broth and bring to boil. Reduce heat to medium-low and simmer 15 minutes, stirring occasionally. Mix in peas. Simmer until rice is tender and mixture is creamy, adding more broth by 1/4 cupfuls if risotto is dry and stirring often, about 5 minutes. Mix in 1/3 cup cheese; season with salt and pepper. Serve risotto, passing remaining cheese separately. Melt butter in heavy large saucepan over medium heat. Add green onions and thym <END>
INPUT: rounds, seedless cucumbers, sour cream, shallot, lemon zest
OUTPUT: TITLE: Smoked Whitefish on Cucumber Rounds | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 large seedless cucumbers (usually plastic-wrapped; about 2 lb total); 1/2 cup diced (1/4-inch) Granny Smith apple (less than 1); 1/3 cup sour cream; 1 1/2 tablespoons finely chopped shallot; 1 1/2 teaspoons finely grated fresh lemon zest; 1 teaspoon fresh lemon juice; 1/2 teaspoon black pepper; 2 teaspoons finely chopped fresh dill plus 36 whole small fresh dill sprigs; 1 1/4 cups flaked smoked whitefish (1/2 lb) | INSTRUCTIONS: Cut 36 (1/3-inch-thick) slices from cucumbers, reserving remaining cucumber. Scoop out and discard some cucumber from center of each round with a melon-ball cutter or a small spoon to create an indentation (leaving bottom intact). Cut enough of remaining cucumber into 1/4-inch dice to measure 1/2 cup. Toss diced cucumber with apple, sour cream, shallot, zest, lemon juice, pepper, chopped dill, and salt to taste. Fold in whitefish. Mound 1 to 1 1/2 teaspoons fish mixture onto each cucumber round. Top with dill sprigs. Cut 36 (1/3-inch-thick) slices from cucumbers, reserving remaining cucumber.  <END>
INPUT: easter, baby, Kosher salt pepper, sage leaves, virgin olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tangerine-Glazed Easter Ham With Baby Carrots | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 (8 to 10-pound) smoked ham, bone-in, skin on; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 bunch fresh sage leaves; 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 1 cup (2 sticks) unsalted butter, cut in chunks; 2 tangerines, sliced thin, seeds removed; 2 cups tangerine juice; 2 cups light brown sugar, packed; 1 cup water; 1/4 teaspoon whole cloves; 2 cinnamon sticks; 11/2 pounds carrots, peeled | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the oven to 300 degrees F. Put the ham in a large roasting pan, fat-side up. Using a sharp knife, score the ham with cuts across the skin, about 2-inches apart and 1/2-inch deep. Cut diagonally down the slashes to form a diamond pattern; season the meat generously with salt and pepper. Chop about 8 of the sage leaves and put it in a bowl; mix with the oil to make a paste. Rub the sage-oil all over the ham, being sure to get the flavor into all the slits. Bake the ham for 2 hours. Now there is plenty of time to bang-out the tangerine glaze. For the glaze:  <END>
INPUT: American, cheese, casserole, all purpose flour, low sodium chicken, Kosher salt pepper, sharp Cheddar, broccoli florets
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken, Broccoli and Cheese Casserole | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup all-purpose flour; 2 cups low-sodium chicken broth; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 3/4 cup shredded sharp Cheddar; 4 cups medium broccoli florets; Cooking spray; 3 cups frozen brown rice, thawed; 1 rotisserie chicken, skinned, white and dark meat shredded (about 4 cups); 1/2 cup grated Parmesan | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Put the flour and broth into a large saucepan and whisk until the flour is dissolved. Place the saucepan over medium heat and whisk continuously until the mixture comes to a boil; continue to whisk until the mixture is thick enough to coat the back of a spoon, 10 to 12 minutes. Remove the saucepan from the heat and whisk in 1 1/2 teaspoons salt and 1/2 teaspoon pepper. Add the Cheddar and whisk until melted. Add the broccoli florets and stir to coat. Spray a 3-quart casserole dish with cooking spray. Toss the brown rice and chicken in a large bowl. Pour the b <END>
INPUT: deep, olives, flour, fine breadcrumbs, eggs, olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Deep Fried Stuffed Olives | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 24 large pitted green olives; 1/2 cup flour; 1 cup fine breadcrumbs; 2 eggs, beaten; 1 cup olive oil; Salt and pepper; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1 shallot, diced; 1 pound ground veal; Salt and pepper; 1/2 cup veal stock; 1/4 cup grated Parmesan; 1/4 cup chopped fresh parsley; 2 tablespoons breadcrumbs; 1 egg, beaten | INSTRUCTIONS: Chuck Hughes' scrumptious deep fried stuffed olives are a bar snack that can't be beat. For the olives: Place the olives in a bowl and cover over with water. While preparing the stuffings, let them soak about 30 minutes to remove the excess salt. Drain the water, rinse the olives and dry completely with a paper towel. For the stuffings: In a skillet, melt the butter over medium heat and cook the shallots. Add the ground veal, sprinkle with salt and pepper and cook about 5 minutes. Add the veal stock and continue to cook over medium heat until the liquid evaporates, about 10 minutes. Remove fro <END>
INPUT: American, white, wood, pizza dough, semolina flour, sharp Cheddar, grilled corn kernels
OUTPUT: TITLE: White Cheese Pizza with Grilled Corn and Wood Smoked Bacon | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 8 ounces pizza dough, store-bought; 1 tablespoon semolina flour; 3 slices sharp Cheddar; 5 (1/2-inch) cubes brie cheese; 1/4 cup grilled corn kernels; 3 strips cooked smoked bacon, cut into 1-inch pieces; 1 tablespoon freshly flat-leaf parsley, no stems; 1 teaspoon extra-virgin olive oil; 1 tablespoon grated Pecorino Romano | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven with pizza stone to 475 degrees F for 30 minutes. Gently stretch dough to 11-inches in diameter. Place dough on pizza peel dusted with semolina to prevent sticking. Top dough with the Cheddar and brie cheese. Scatter corn, bacon and parsley leaves. Sprinkle pizza with olive oil then Romano. Slide pizza onto hot stone in oven. Bake 6 to 8 minutes until golden, cut into 6 slices and serve on warm plate. <END>
INPUT: American, bacon, eggs, Salt pepper, Hard roll, Cheddar cheese
OUTPUT: TITLE: Bacon, Egg and Cheese on a Hard Roll | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 3 slices bacon; 3 eggs, beaten; Salt and pepper; Hard roll; Cheddar cheese | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook bacon in microwave until crisp and set aside on paper towels to drain. Heat a nonstick skillet over medium heat, add eggs and stir just until they are firm. Slice roll in half and toast. Top eggs with cheese and cover until cheese melts. Top roll with eggs and bacon. <END>
INPUT: saffron threads, water, boiling potatoes, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Saffron Potatoes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Pinch of saffron threads (about 15); 1 1/4 cups water; 2 lb medium boiling potatoes (about 7); 1/2 stick (1/4 cup) unsalted butter; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/4 teaspoon black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Crumble saffron threads into water. Peel potatoes and cut crosswise into 3/4-inch-thick slices. Rinse potatoes well and pat dry between paper towels. Heat butter in a 12-inch nonstick skillet over moderately high heat until foam subsides, then brown potatoes in 1 layer, turning over carefully, about 4 minutes per side. Add saffron-infused water, salt, and pepper and briskly simmer, uncovered, over moderate heat 5 minutes. Reduce heat to moderately low and simmer until potatoes are tender and water is evaporated, about 15 to 20 minutes more. Crumble saffron threads into water. Peel potatoes and <END>
INPUT: cake, eggs, butter, shortening, sugar, vanilla extract
OUTPUT: TITLE: Coconut Cake | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 5 eggs, separated; 8 tablespoons butter, room temperature; 1/2 cup shortening; 2 cups sugar; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; 2 1/2 cups all-purpose flour, sifted; 1 teaspoon baking soda; 1 cup buttermilk, shaken; 1 cup unsweetened coconut; 1 cup pecans, finely chopped; 8 ounces cream cheese; 1/2 cup butter, softened; 3 cups confectioners' sugar; Milk, to thin as needed; 1 cup unsweetened coconut plus 1/4 cup unsweetened coconut, toasted for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: 3 (8-inch) round cake pans, or 2 (9-inch) round cake pans, floured and greased Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. To make the cake, whip the egg whites until stiff, but not dry in an electric mixer. Set the whites aside. Switch to the paddle attachment. In a clean bowl cream the butter with the shortening, and sugar until fluffy. Add the yolks, 1 at a time, beating well after each addition. Stir in the vanilla. Sift the flour and baking soda together. Add the flour mixture to the butter mixture, alternating with the buttermilk, starting and ending with the dry ingredients. B <END>
INPUT: Italian, artichokes, Kosher salt, orecchiette pasta, virgin olive oil, artichoke hearts, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Orecchiette with Artichokes | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: Kosher salt; 12 ounces orecchiette pasta; 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil, plus more for drizzling; 1 10-ounce package frozen artichoke hearts, thawed; 3 cloves garlic, thinly sliced; 1 15-ounce can white beans, drained, rinsed and patted dry; 1 15-ounce can cherry tomatoes; 1/4 teaspoon red pepper flakes; 3/4 cup roughly chopped fresh parsley; 1/4 cup grated parmesan cheese, plus more for topping; Freshly ground pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add the pasta and cook as the label directs. Reserve 3/4 cup cooking water, then drain. Meanwhile, heat 2 tablespoons olive oil in a large nonstick skillet over medium-high heat. Add the artichokes and season with salt. Cook, turning halfway through, until browned, about 5 minutes. Transfer to a plate. Add the remaining 2 tablespoons olive oil, the garlic and beans to the skillet. Cook, stirring occasionally, until the garlic is golden, about 2 minutes. Stir in the cherry tomatoes, red pepper flakes and 1/2 teaspoon salt. Bring to a simmer; cook, st <END>
INPUT: salad, sized squid, virgin olive oil, Salt pepper, loaf day old, beefsteak tomatoes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Squid Bread Salad with Smoked Chile Vinaigrette | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1-pound medium-sized squid, tentacles included, cleaned; Extra-virgin olive oil; Salt and freshly ground pepper; 1 loaf day-old Italian bread, cut into 1-inch thick slices; 2 ripe beefsteak tomatoes, cut into 1/2-inch thick slices; 1/4 cup chopped fresh Italian parsley leaves; Smoked Chile Vinaigrette, recipe follows; 1/4 cup fresh mint leaves, torn; Red wine vinegar, for drizzling, optional; 1/3 cup red wine vinegar; 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard; 1 tablespoon pureed chipotle peppers in adobo sauce; 1 tablespoon honey; 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped; Salt and freshly ground pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat grill to high. Place the squid in a bowl, drizzle with a few tablespoons of oil, and season with salt and pepper. Grill the squid bodies and tentacles for about 2 minutes per side. Remove from the grill, let rest 5 minutes, then cut the bodies crosswise into 1/2-inch thick rings. Keep the tentacles whole. Brush the bread lightly with oil on both sides and season with salt and pepper. Grill for approximately 1 minute per side or until lightly charred. Remove and cut each slice into 1/2-inch dice. Brush the tomatoes with oil, season with salt and pepper, and grill until slightly charred, ab <END>
INPUT: smiles, chocolate chips, miniature marshmallows, Bananas, Aluminum foil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Banana Smiles | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 bag chocolate chips; 1 bag miniature marshmallows; Bananas (enough for everyone); Aluminum foil (enough for each banana) | INSTRUCTIONS: Slice inside of the banana while it is still in the peel, using care not to slice all the way through the banana. Add miniature marshmallows and chocolate chips, wrap in foil and grill for a few minutes on each side. Unwrap and eat from the peel ... Enjoy.; <END>
INPUT: Mexican, punch, simple syrup, dark rum, lime juice, grenadine, bitters
OUTPUT: TITLE: Rum-Lime Punch | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup simple syrup (equal amounts of sugar and water boiled until sugar dissolves); 1 cup dark rum; 3/4 cup fresh lime juice; 5 tablespoons grenadine; 1/4 teaspoon bitters; Pinch ground nutmeg; Ice cubes; Lime slices | INSTRUCTIONS: Mix all punch ingredients together. Serve over ice, garnish with lime slice. <END>
INPUT: American, lamb, Salt pepper, elbow macaroni, chicken stock, heavy cream, Greek yogurt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lamb Mac and Cheese | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: Salt and pepper; 3 cups elbow macaroni; 1 cup chicken stock; 2 cups heavy cream; 2 cups Greek yogurt; 1/2 cup beef stock; 1/2 cup cream cheese; 1/2 cup freshly shredded mozzarella; 1/2 cup freshly shredded Parmesan; 1/4 cup shredded asiago cheese; 1/4 cup crumbled blue cheese; 3 tablespoons seafood seasoning, such as Old Bay; 1/4 cup sugar; 2 tablespoons dry mustard; 2 tablespoons ground white pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring 2 cups water to a rolling boil and add 2 tablespoons salt. Add the pasta and chicken stock to the water and cook, covered, 12 minutes. Drain the pasta and rinse with cold water. Set aside to cool in a large saucepan. Add the heavy cream, Greek yogurt, beef stock, cream cheese, mozzarella, Parmesan, asiago, blue cheese, 2 tablespoons seafood seasoning, sugar, dry mustard, white pepper, half of the dill, 1/2 stick butter and 1 tablespoon black pepper in a pot and blend together. Place on the stove over low heat and cook, covered, stirring once every minute to keep the cheeses from sticking <END>
INPUT: custards, sugar, egg yolks, lemon peel, whipping cream, lemon juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lemon-Nutmeg Custards | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2/3 cup sugar; 7 large egg yolks; 1 tablespoon grated lemon peel; 1 1/2 cups whipping cream; 1/4 cup fresh lemon juice; 1/4 teaspoon ground nutmeg; Unsweetened whipped cream | INSTRUCTIONS: Position rack in center of oven; preheat to 325°F. Place four 3/4-cup custard cups or soufflé dishes in medium baking pan. Whisk first 3 ingredients in large bowl. Whisk in cream, lemon juice and nutmeg. Divide equally among cups. Add enough hot water to pan to come halfway up sides of cups. Bake until custard is set around edges but still moves slightly in center when gently shaken, about 55 minutes. Transfer cups to rack; cool slightly. Cover; chill until cold, at least 8 hours and up to 2 days. Spoon whipped cream atop custards. Position rack in center of oven; preheat to 325°F. Place four  <END>
INPUT: buttered, butter, Coarse sea salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Buttered Dinner Rolls | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Melted butter; 15 frozen, unbaked, unrisen dinner rolls; Coarse sea salt, for sprinkling | INSTRUCTIONS: Place the dinner rolls in a large, lightly buttered baking dish, allowing a little space between the rolls. Cover with a dish towel or cloth napkin and set aside in a warm place to rise for at least 2 to 3 hours. When risen, the rolls should be poufy and soft. Re-melt the butter, and then lightly brush the butter onto the rolls and sprinkle with a little sea salt. Bake (as instructions on the packet - usually 400 degrees F) for 15 to 20 minutes. Don't be alarmed if you pull them out of the oven and they've risen way over the surface of the pan. Within a minute or two, they'll calm right down.  <END>
INPUT: short, collard greens, water, Canadian bacon, olive oil, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Short-Cut Collard Greens | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/4 pounds collard greens; 1 tablespoon water; 2 slices Canadian bacon; 1 tablespoon olive oil; 1 small onion, chopped; 1 tablespoon cider vinegar; 1 tablespoon maple syrup; 1/8 teaspoon hot red pepper flakes; 3/4 cup low-sodium chicken broth; Salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Remove the stems and center ribs from the collard greens and discard. Cut the leaves into 1/2-inch strips. Place the greens into a large, microwave-safe bowl with the water and cover tightly. Microwave on high for 5 minutes. In the meantime, preheat a large skillet and cook the bacon for 2 minutes on each side. Remove the bacon from the pan, chop, and set aside. Add the oil and onion to the pan and cook until onions have softened, about 2 minutes. Add the collard greens and stir in the vinegar, maple syrup, red pepper flakes, and broth. Bring to a simmer and cook, covered, for 30 minutes. Add  <END>
INPUT: garlic, Chinese mushrooms, shiitake mushrooms, cremini mushrooms, scallions
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mushroom Fried Rice | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 8 garlic cloves; 4 dried Chinese black mushrooms(optional); 1/2 pound fresh shiitake mushrooms; 1/2 pound fresh cremini or white mushrooms; 3 bunches scallions (green parts only); 3 1/2 tablespoons soy sauce; 1 tablespoon chicken broth; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 5 cups chilled Chinese-style white or brown ric; 2 tablespoons corn or safflower oil; 3 tablespoons Chinese rice wine or sake; 1/4 cup chopped fresh cilantro; *available at Asian markets and some specialty foods shops | INSTRUCTIONS: Thinly slice garlic. Soak dried black mushrooms in warm water to cover 15 minutes, or until softened. Rinse black mushrooms to remove any remaining grit and drain. Discard stems from black and fresh mushrooms and thinly slice mushrooms. Mince scallions. Thinly slice garlic. Soak dried black mushrooms in warm water to cover 15 minutes, or until softened. Rinse black mushrooms to remove any remaining grit and drain. Discard stems from black and fresh mushrooms and thinly slice mushrooms. Mince scallions. Make seasoning liquid: In a small bowl stir together seasoning liquid ingredients. Spread ri <END>
INPUT: Italian, dessert, crostino, strawberries, granulated sugar, aged balsamic vinegar, basil leaves, neutral flavored bread
OUTPUT: TITLE: Dessert Crostino of Fresh Ricotta, Strawberries and Aged Balsamic Vinegar | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 pint fresh strawberries, cleaned and hulled; 3 tablespoons granulated sugar; 1 tablespoon aged balsamic vinegar, plus additional to drizzle; 3 fresh basil leaves, torn; 6 thinly sliced pieces neutral-flavored bread, spread with unsalted butter and lightly toasted; 1/2 cup fresh ricotta cheese; Fresh ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Chop the strawberries into 1/4-inch dice and add them to a glass or ceramic bowl. Add sugar, balsamic vinegar and torn basil leaves. Gently toss to combine and set aside to macerate for 15 to 20 minutes. Lightly brush the toasted crostini slices with the macerating liquid to sweeten. Spread 1 tablespoon of ricotta on each toast and then top with 1 tablespoon of macerated strawberries. Drizzle each crostini with remaining liquid and sprinkle with just a pinch of fresh ground black pepper. Serve immediately. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, ceviche, Chilean sea bass, scallops, shrimp, jalapeno pepper, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Ceviche with Crispy Plantains | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2 Chilean sea bass fillets (about 1 pound), cut into 1/2-inch pieces; 1/2 pound scallops, halved or quartered, if large; 1/2 pound large shrimp, peeled and deveined, tails removed; 1 jalapeno pepper, seeded and chopped; 1 small red onion, chopped; 1 small bunch fresh cilantro, leaves chopped; 1 orange, juiced; 1 lemon, juiced; 2 limes, juiced; 1/2 cup chopped red bell pepper; 1 fresh poblano pepper, seeded and chopped; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 2 green plantains, peeled and shredded | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large bowl, combine the seafood with all ingredients except for the olive oil and the plantains. Gently stir to combine and coat the seafood with the juices. Cover and refrigerate for at least 6 hours. In a large saute pan over medium heat, add 2 tablespoons olive oil and drop 1 1/2 tablespoon portions of shredded plantains into the oil. Cook each portion until golden brown, turning once. Using a fork, remove the plantains from the oil to paper towels. Serve a chilled portion of the ceviche with some crispy plantains on top. <END>
INPUT: caponata, virgin olive oil, onion, garlic, eggplant, Kosher salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lamb Chops with Eggplant Caponata | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 1 small onion, diced; 2 cloves garlic, minced; 1/2 small eggplant, diced; Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper; 1 teaspoon finely chopped rosemary; 1 tomato, seeded and diced; 1/4 cup balsamic vinegar; 1 teaspoon capers; 1 tablespoon pine nuts, toasted; 12 to 16 lamb loin chops; Arugula, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat the olive oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Add the onion and garlic; cook 3 minutes. Add the eggplant, season with salt and pepper and cook until the eggplant begins to soften, about 3 more minutes. Add the rosemary, tomato and vinegar and simmer until the vegetables are tender, about 10 minutes. Remove from the heat and stir in the capers and pine nuts; set aside to cool slightly. Place a large skillet over high heat. Season the lamb chops with salt and pepper. Working in batches, place the lamb chops in the pan, fat-side down, and cook until the fat begins to render, 4 to 5 minu <END>
INPUT: Mexican, salsa, guajillo chiles, garlic, onion, vine ripened tomato, Salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Guajillo Salsa | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 24 guajillo chiles, stemmed, seeded and deveined; 4 cloves garlic, peeled; 1/2 medium white onion, peeled; 1 vine ripened tomato, boiled 30 seconds, peeled and seeded; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 tablespoons vegetable oil; 1 bay leaf | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large saucepan over medium-high heat, place 4 cups water, the guajillo chilies, garlic cloves and white onion and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat to simmer until the chiles are soft and tender, about 25 minutes. Transfer the boiled vegetables, the tomato and 2 cups of the boiling liquid to a large blender and set aside to cool before blending. Process until smooth. Season with 1 teaspoon salt and a pinch of black pepper. In a medium, heavy saucepan, heat the vegetable oil over medium heat. Strain the pureed guajillo salsa into the pan. Add the bay leaf and simmer until thickened, about 1 <END>
INPUT: American, piece, thanksgiving, turkey, kosher salt, celery, onion, container poultry herbs
OUTPUT: TITLE: "A Piece of Turkey" Easy Roasted Thanksgiving Turkey | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: One 14-pound turkey; 3/4 cup kosher salt; 2 stalks celery, roughly chopped; 1 yellow onion, cut into thick slices; 1 container fresh poultry herbs (thyme, rosemary, sage, etc.); 1/2 bulb of garlic, cloves intact; Freshly cracked black pepper; 8 tablespoons (1 stick) unsalted butter, cut into tablespoon-size pats | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Special equipment: an instant-read thermometer Ask your butcher to cut the turkey into pieces: legs, thighs and wings separate and an attached double breast. Put the pieces skin-side up on a wire-racked roasting pan and thoroughly rub the kosher salt under and over the skin. Leave lightly covered in the fridge for 2 days, but as all dry-brining methods go, uncover for the last 6 to 8 hours to "dry out" the skin. When ready to roast, preheat the oven to 450 degrees F. Put the turkey pieces skin-side up in the roasting pan (no rack), then arrange the celery, onions <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, curried, raita, curry powder, turmeric, cinnamon, pepper, water
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Lamb Chops with Curried Couscous and Zucchini Raita | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 teaspoon curry powder; 1/4 teaspoon turmeric (optional); 1/8 teaspoon cinnamon; 1/2 teaspoon black pepper; 1 1/2 cups water; 1 1/4 teaspoons salt; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1 1/4 cups couscous (8 oz); 1 1/4 lb (1/2-inch-thick) lamb shoulder blade chops; 1 cup plain Greek yogurt; 1 medium zucchini (1/2 lb), coarsely grated (about 1 cup); 1/4 teaspoon dried mint, crumbled; Special equipment: a well-seasoned large (2-burner) ridged grill pan | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat lightly oiled grill pan over moderately high heat until hot but not smoking. Meanwhile, toast curry, turmeric (if using), cinnamon, and 1/4 teaspoon pepper in a small heavy saucepan over moderate heat, stirring constantly, until fragrant, about 1 minute. Add water, 1/2 teaspoon salt, and butter and bring to a boil. Place couscous in a heatproof bowl and pour in boiling water mixture, then quickly cover with a plate or plastic wrap and let stand 5 minutes. While couscous stands, pat chops dry and sprinkle on both sides with 1/4 teaspoon salt and remaining 1/4 teaspoon pepper. Grill chops,  <END>
INPUT: soup, Great Northern other, olive oil, onion, leeks, tomato
OUTPUT: TITLE: White Bean Soup with Chive Oil | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups dried Great Northern or other small white beans, rinsed and picked over; 3 tablespoons olive oil; 1 large onion, chopped; 1 cup chopped leeks (white and pale green parts only); 1 large tomato, halved, seeded, and chopped; 1/2 cup chopped carrots; 1/2 cup chopped celery; 8 garlic cloves, chopped; 11 cups homemade chicken stock or canned low-salt chicken broth, or more as needed; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh thyme; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh rosemary; 1/2 cup half-and-half; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; Chive Oil for drizzling | INSTRUCTIONS: Put the beans in a large pot, add enough water to cover the beans by 2 inches, and let soak overnight. Drain. Heat the olive oil in the same pot over medium-high heat. Add the onion, leeks, tomato, carrots, celery, and garlic and sauté until tender, about 6 minutes. Add the beans, chicken stock, thyme, and rosemary and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat to medium-low, cover, and simmer, stirring occasionally, until the beans are very tender, about 1 hour. Working in batches, puree the soup in a blender until smooth. Return the soup to the pot and add the half-and-half, then add more chicken stoc <END>
INPUT: fennel bulbs, virgin olive oil, Salt pepper, Grana Padano Parmigiano, bread crumbs
OUTPUT: TITLE: Caramelized Fennel | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 large fennel bulbs, rinsed and trimmed, cut into eighths; 5 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1/2 cup freshly grated Grana Padano or Parmigiano Reggiano cheese; 1/2 cup bread crumbs | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Put the fennel in boiling salted water for about 7 minutes, or until fork tender. Drain and arrange in one layer on a baking pan. Drizzle some extra-virgin olive oil on the fennel and salt and pepper, to taste. Sprinkle the cheese and bread crumbs on the fennel. Roast in the oven until golden brown, approximately 20 to 30 minutes. <END>
INPUT: Asian, portions, Salt pepper, limes, dark tamari soy, ginger root
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Mahi Mahi Fillets and Asparagus with Orange and Sesame | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 4 portions, 6 to 8 ounces each, mahi mahi fillets; Salt and pepper; 2 limes, juiced; 3 tablespoons dark tamari soy sauce; 2 inches fresh ginger root, grated, about 1 1/2 tablespoons; 1 tablespoon vegetable or canola oil; 20 blades fresh chives, chopped or 3 scallions, thinly sliced, for garnish; 1 to 1 1/4 pounds thin asparagus spears; 2 navel oranges; 1-inch fresh ginger root; 2 tablespoons toasted sesame seeds | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat grill pan to over medium high to high heat. Season mahi mahi fillets with salt and pepper. Combine the lime juice, dark soy, ginger and a little vegetable or canola oil in a shallow dish. Turn the mahi mahi in the citrus soy marinade and let it hang out for 10 minutes. Grill on hot grill pan for 6 minutes per side for a 1-inch fillet or until fish is firm and opaque. Take 1 spear of asparagus and hold it at each and. Bend the asparagus until it snaps and breaks. Use this spear as your guide on where to trim the ends of your bundle of spears. Using a peele <END>
INPUT: jelly, cupcakes, granulated sugar, unsalted butter, eggs, oil, vanilla flavoring
OUTPUT: TITLE: Peanut Butter and Jelly Cupcakes with Peanut Butter Buttercream Frosting | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups granulated sugar; 2 sticks unsalted butter; 4 eggs; 1/4 cup oil; 1 teaspoon vanilla flavoring; 3 cups all-purpose flour; 2 1/2 teaspoons baking powder; 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt; 1 cup buttermilk; 1 pound unsalted butter; 1 teaspoon vanilla flavoring; 4 cups confectioners' sugar; 5 ounces peanut butter; 1 teaspoon all-vegetable shortening, such as Crisco; 1 bag marshmallows | INSTRUCTIONS: For the cupcakes: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Cream the granulated sugar and the butter until thoroughly mixed. Add the eggs one at a time. Add the oil and vanilla. Cream the batter until fluffy. Combine the flour, baking powder and salt in a separate bowl. Alternate mixing in the flour mixture and the buttermilk into the creamed mixture, until completely mixed. Distribute the batter into the cupcake liners. Bake the cupcakes, about 12 minutes. For the peanut butter buttercream: Mix the butter on high speed for 3 minutes. Add the vanilla flavoring on low speed. Slowly add the confection <END>
INPUT: milk, salt, pepper, grits, cilantro leaves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Green Grits | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cups whole milk; 1 teaspoon salt; 1/2 teaspoon fresh-ground black pepper; 1 cup grits; 1 heaping cup fresh cilantro leaves; One 4-ounce can diced green chiles (preferably Hatch brand, fire-roasted); 6 green onions, chopped (about 1/2 cup); 3 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1/2 cup grated sharp cheddar cheese; 1/4 cup grated Parmesan cheese | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine the milk and 2 1/2 cups of water in a medium-sized pot, and bring the mixture up to a simmer over medium-high heat. Mix in the salt and pepper. Then whisk in the grits, pouring them in slowly and whisking continuously until they're smooth, with no lumps. The grits should look a little like oatmeal, only finer. Turn the heat down to medium-low and keep cooking, whisking regularly so nothing sticks. Meanwhile, combine the cilantro leaves, diced green chiles, and green onions in a food processor and pulse for 30 seconds or so, until everything is finely chopped. When the grits have cooked <END>
INPUT: American, herb, cream cheese, scallions, dill, parsley, milk
OUTPUT: TITLE: Smoked Salmon and Herb Cream Cheese Bagels | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 8 ounces cream cheese, at room temperature; 1 tablespoon minced scallions, white and green parts; 1 tablespoon minced fresh dill; 1 tablespoon minced fresh parsley; 1 tablespoon milk; Pinch of kosher salt; 2 bagels; 3 slices smoked salmon | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Place the cream cheese, scallions, dill, parsley, milk, and salt in the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment and mix on low speed until blended. Slice each bagel into 3 rounds lengthwise to make 6 pieces. Spread cream cheese on top of 3 of the rounds and a slice of smoked salmon top of the cream cheese. Place the 3 remaining rounds on top of the smoked salmon and serve. <END>
INPUT: puree, heavy cream, garlic, sweet potatoes, sambal, butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sambal Sweet Potato Puree | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups heavy cream; 6 garlic cloves, peeled; 5 large sweet potatoes, baked until a easily pierced with a knife; 1 tablespoon sambal; 2 to 4 ounces of butter; Salt and black pepper, to taste | INSTRUCTIONS: Place cream and garlic in saucepan and on low heat, reduce the cream to 1 cup. Scoop out potato into a food processor. Puree and add cream, sambal, butter, salt and pepper. Check for seasoning. Keep warm for serving. <END>
INPUT: reign, smothered, center pork chops, seasoning salt, pepper, flour, vegetable oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Reign Smothered Pork Chops | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 center cut pork chops (1-inch thick); 2 teaspoons seasoning salt; 1 teaspoon black pepper; 1/3 cup flour; 1/3 cup vegetable oil; 2 onions, sliced | INSTRUCTIONS: Season pork chops with seasoning salt and pepper, coat completely with flour. Heat oil in heavy skillet. Add pork chops and brown on each side (about 3 minutes per side). Remove and set aside. Add sliced onions to the pan drippings and cook for 1 minute. Add remaining flour continue to stir until onions and flour begin to brown. Add 2 cups of water and bring to a boil, stir until incorporated and return pork chops to the gravy, cover skillet, reduce heat and simmer for 20 to 25 minutes until gravy is thick and pork chops are tender. <END>
INPUT: American, vortex, burger, sirloin, bacon, butter, kaiser egg buns, Cheese Spread
OUTPUT: TITLE: The Vortex Blue 'Shroom Burger | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 32 ounces 100 percent ground sirloin; 12 strips bacon; 1 tablespoon butter; 4 kaiser egg buns; 1 recipe Blue Cheese Spread, recipe follows; 1 recipe Sauteed Mushrooms, recipe follows; 4 lettuce leaves; 4 tomato slices; 4 red onion slices; 1 1/4 cups crumbled blue cheese; 3/4 cup sour cream; 1 tablespoon butter; 1 tablespoon minced garlic; 8 ounces sliced mushrooms; 2 ounces white wine | INSTRUCTIONS: Form the ground sirloin into 4 (8-ounce) patties. Over an open-flame, grill each burger to desired temperature. While the patties are grilling, cook bacon until desired crispness, and set aside. Butter both sides of each bun and grill until toasted. On each of the 4 bottom buns, place the burger, followed by the blue cheese spread, mushrooms, and bacon, in that order. On each of the top 4 buns, place the lettuce, tomato and red onion, in that order. Top with any additional condiments desired, sandwich the 2 sides, and serve. Combine both ingredients in a bowl and refrigerate for 2 hours prior  <END>
INPUT: milk, grits, salt, unsalted butter, cheddar cheese
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grits | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 1/2 cups milk; 1 cup white grits, not instant; 1 teaspoon salt; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1 cup shredded cheddar cheese | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine milk, grits and salt in a saucepan, bring to a boil. Turn heat to low and simmer, stirring constantly, for about 20 minutes or until grits are tender and thick. Remove from heat, stir in the butter and cheese and serve warm.; <END>
INPUT: Italian, hash, unsalted butter, scallions, Yukon gold potatoes, Kosher salt pepper, beef from Italian
OUTPUT: TITLE: Beef and Potato Hash | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 4 scallions, chopped; 1 pound Yukon gold potatoes, peeled and cut into 1/4-inch dice; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 cups shredded beef from Italian Slow Cooker Beef Sandwiches with Giardiniera Aioli (recipe follows), chopped; 3 tablespoons chopped flat-leaf parsley; 4 pounds boneless beef chuck roast, quartered; 2 red, orange or yellow bell peppers, seeded and sliced; 1 small onion, halved and thinly sliced; 2 cloves garlic, chopped; One 15-ounce can diced tomatoes with basil and oregano; 2 teaspoons Italian seasoning; 1/2 teaspoon whole fennel seeds; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Melt the butter in a large nonstick skillet over medium-high heat. Add the scallions, potatoes, 1/2 teaspoon salt, and pepper to taste. Cook, stirring occasionally, until the potatoes are golden brown and just tender, about 10 minutes; reduce the heat slightly if necessary to prevent the potatoes from burning. Add the beef and cook, stirring, until hot, about 5 minutes. Season with salt and pepper, and stir in the parsley. Combine the chuck, bell peppers, onions, garlic, tomatoes, Italian seasoning, fennel seeds, 2 1/2 teaspoons salt, and some pepper in a slow cooker. Cook on the low setting f <END>
INPUT: pudding, milk, cornmeal, salt, butter, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sweet Cornmeal Pudding | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 cups whole milk (do not use low fat or nonfat); 1 cup yellow cornmeal; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/4 cup butter, cut into pieces; 3/4 cup sugar; 3/4 cup buttermilk; 6 large eggs, separated; 1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract; Powdered sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 375 degrees. Butter 8 cup souffle dish. Bring milk to boil in heavy large saucepan. Reduce heat to medium. Gradually mix in cornmeal and salt. Stir until mixture becomes very thick, about 1 minute. Add butter; stir until melted. Remove pan from heat. Stir in 1/2 cup sugar and buttermilk. Whisk yolks in large bowl to blend. Gradually whisk in cornmeal mixture. Using electric mixer, beat egg whites in medium bowl until frothy. Add remaining 1/4 cup sugar and beat until soft peaks form. Gently fold whites into cornmeal mixture. Transfer mixture to prepared dish. Bake until mixture <END>
INPUT: patate, virgin olive oil, garlic, chile pepper, totani, wine
OUTPUT: TITLE: Totani e Patate | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1 clove garlic, finely chopped; 1 chile pepper; 9 1/2 ounces/250 g totani (flying squid) or other squid, cleaned and cut into strips; 2 cups white wine; 8 cherry tomatoes; 4 potatoes, peeled and chopped; Salt, to taste; Small bunch parsley, finely chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat up the olive oil in a large pot along with the garlic and chile. Add the totani and cook over medium heat about 1 minute, stirring continuously to avoid sticking. Add the wine, tomatoes and potatoes and let cook together another minute. Season with salt, lower the heat and cook, covered, 30 minutes. Finish with the parsley, stir will and serve immediately. <END>
INPUT: paste, porcini mushrooms, sugar, kosher salt, garlic, pepper flakes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Sirloin with Porcini Paste | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup dried porcini mushrooms; 2 tablespoons sugar; 1 tablespoon kosher salt; 5 large cloves garlic, minced; 1 tablespoon red pepper flakes; 1 tablespoon ground black pepper; 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 4 (8-ounce) boneless sirloin steaks, 3/4 to 1-inch thick | INSTRUCTIONS: Grind porcini mushrooms to a powder in a coffee grinder or a blender. Transfer to a bowl and add all other ingredients. Stir until fully combined and mixture is a paste. Brush the steaks on both sides with the porcini paste. Cover and refrigerate for at least 30 minutes. Prepare a medium-hot fire in your grill. Grill the steaks, covered, for 3 to 4 minutes on each side for medium-rare. <END>
INPUT: pickles, pickling cucumbers, water, distilled vinegar, dill, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spicy Dill Pickles | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 12 pickling cucumbers; 2 cups water; 1 3/4 cups distilled white vinegar; 1 1/2 cups packed coarsely chopped fresh dill; 1/2 cup sugar; 8 garlic cloves, chopped; 1 1/2 tablespoons coarse salt; 1 tablespoon pickling spice; 1 1/2 teaspoons dill seeds; 1/2 teaspoon dried crushed red pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine all ingredients except dill sprigs in large bowl. Stir, let stand at room temperature 2 hours until sugar and salt dissolve. Transfer 4 cucumbers to each of three 1 1/2-pint wide-mouth jars. Pour pickling mixture over to cover. Place a few dill sprigs in each jar. Cover jars with lids and close tightly. Refrigerate at least 10 days. Pickles will stay fresh for up to 1 month. Keep refrigerated. Combine all ingredients except dill sprigs in large bowl. Stir, let stand at room temperature 2 hours until sugar and salt dissolve. Transfer 4 cucumbers to each of three 1 1/2-pint wide-mouth ja <END>
INPUT: portobello mushroom caps, celery their tops, Handful flat leaf, lemon, virgin olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Portobello Mushroom Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 portobello mushroom caps, wiped clean and very thinly sliced; 4 ribs celery and their green tops, thinly sliced on an angle; Handful flat-leaf parsley, picked of stems but left whole; 1 lemon (Heads up: you'll need lemon zest for the pesto later, so zest and reserve before you cut this lemon to juice it for this salad.); 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, eyeball it; Coarse salt and black pepper; A couple of handfuls shaved Parmiginao-Reggiano | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Arrange the mushrooms and celery on a platter and scatter the parsley leaves around. Squeeze the lemon juice evenly over the platter then liberally drizzle the salad with extra-virgin olive oil, about 3 tablespoons. Season the salad with salt and lots of black pepper and toss with your finger tips to combine. Using a vegetable peeler, shave cheese and scatter a couple of handfuls Parmigiano-Reggiano over the salad. <END>
INPUT: warm, compote, butter, halibut fillets, shallots, plum tomatoes, wine
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Halibut with Warm Tomato Compote | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 tablespoons butter; 2 6- to 7-ounce halibut fillets (each about 1 inch thick); 2 tablespoons chopped shallots; 1 cup chopped plum tomatoes (about 5 ounces); 3 tablespoons dry white wine; 1 tablespoon (packed) chopped fresh tarragon or 1 teaspoon dried | INSTRUCTIONS: Prepare barbecue (medium-high heat). Melt butter in heavy medium skillet. Brush fish on both sides with half of butter. Sprinkle fish with salt and pepper. Add shallots to butter remaining in skillet. Cook over high heat 1 minute. Add tomatoes to skillet and cook until juices evaporate, stirring occasionally, about 2 minutes. Add wine and tarragon and boil until compote is thick, about 1 minute. Remove from heat; season with salt and pepper. Cover with foil and keep warm. Grill fish until just opaque in center, about 4 minutes per side. Transfer to plates. Spoon compote alongside fish. Prepare <END>
INPUT: water, unflavored powdered gelatin, sugar, light corn syrup
OUTPUT: TITLE: Kool-Aid Marshmallows | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 (.16-ounce) packet unsweetened Kool-Aid drink mix, any flavor*; 1/2 cup cold water; 5 teaspoons unflavored powdered gelatin; 3/4 cup sugar; 1/2 cup light corn syrup, divided; 1/4 cup water; 1/8 teaspoon fine sea salt; 1/2 cup Classic Coating, plus more for dusting; 4 packets Pop Rocks, for sprinkling (optional); *I use Tropical Punch for these hot pink marshmallows | INSTRUCTIONS: Lightly coat an 8-by-8-inch baking pan with cooking spray. WHISK TOGETHER the Kool-Aid mix, cold water, and gelatin in a small bowl. Let it soften for 5 minutes. STIR TOGETHER the sugar, 1/4 cup of the corn syrup, water, and salt in a medium saucepan. Bring the syrup to a boil over high heat, stirring occasionally, until it reaches 240°F. Pour the remaining 1/4 cup corn syrup into the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the whisk attachment. Microwave the gelatin on high until completely melted, about 30 seconds, and pour it into the mixer bowl. Set the mixer to low and keep it running. WHEN <END>
INPUT: puree, lima beans, garlic, orange rind, unsalted butter, Water broth cover
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lima Bean Puree | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 10-ounce package frozen lima beans; 1/2 teaspoon minced garlic; 1/2 teaspoon grated orange rind; 2 to 4 tablespoons unsalted butter; Water or broth to cover; Salt and pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine the lima beans and garlic, with broth or water to cover and simmer, covered, over low heat, for 15 minutes or until really tender (add more liquid if it is evaporating too quickly). Puree lima beans in a food processor with grated orange rind and butter. For a finer puree, pass the lima beans through a sieve or food mill to remove skins; season to taste with salt and pepper. Can be made in advance and reheated in microwave oven or double boiler. <END>
INPUT: pitch, dark, coffee liqueur, currant liqueur, shot espresso, stout draught beer
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pitch Dark Coffee Stout | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 ounces coffee liqueur; 1 1/2 ounces black currant liqueur; 1 shot espresso; One 12-ounce stout draught beer, chilled | INSTRUCTIONS: Mix the coffee liqueur, black currant liqueur and espresso together in a spouted measuring cup. Divide between two 10-ounce chilled beer mugs. Then, evenly split the stout between the glasses. Stir gently to combine. Copyright 2013 Television Food Network, G.P. All rights reserved From Food Network Kitchens <END>
INPUT: Mexican, fritters, lime juice, fish sauce, pure maple syrup, jalapeño chillies, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Crab Fritters with Spicy Lime Sauce | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup fresh lime juice; 6 tablespoons fish sauce (nam pla); 1/4 cup pure maple syrup; 3 jalapeño chillies, seeded, chopped; 2 garlic cloves, chopped; 1/4 cup mayonnaise; 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard; 1/2 teaspoon grated lemon peel; 8 ounces fresh crabmeat, drained; 2 grapefruits; 2 oranges; 1 1/2 cupspanko (japanese breadcrumbs); 2 firm but ripe avocados, halved, pitted, peeled, sliced; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh chives | INSTRUCTIONS: Make sauce: Mix all ingredients in large bowl to blend. Cover and chill at least 1 hour or overnight to develop flavors. Mix all ingredients in large bowl to blend. Cover and chill at least 1 hour or overnight to develop flavors. Make fritters: Mix mayonnaise, mustard, lemon peel and hot pepper sauce in medium bowl to blend. Mix in crabmeat. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Shape crab mixture into six 2 1/4-inch-diameter patties, using 1/4 cup mixture for each. Place fritters on baking sheet. Cover and refrigerate at least 3 hours. Cut all peel and white pith from grapefruits. Using small <END>
INPUT: Mexican, corn, canola oil, vegan mayonnaise regular, Sriracha, lime juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Corn with Sriracha Mayo | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 4 ears corn, husks removed; 2 tablespoons canola oil; 1/2 cup vegan mayonnaise or regular mayonnaise; 2 tablespoons Sriracha; 2 tablespoons lime juice; 1 teaspoon chili powder, plus additional for garnish; 2 to 4 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro, optional | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat a grill to medium-high heat. Coat the corn evenly with the oil. Grill the corn, turning so that it cooks evenly and grill marks form, 10 to 12 minutes. Mix together the mayonnaise, Sriracha, lime juice and chili powder until smooth. Coat the corn with the mayonnaise mixture. Sprinkle with the chopped cilantro, if using, and garnish with more chili powder for extra heat. <END>
INPUT: lemons, milk, sugar, egg yolks, whipping cream
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lemon Macaroon Ice Cream with Blueberry Compote | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 lemons; 1 cup milk; 1 cup sugar; 4 large egg yolks; 3 cups whipping cream; 1 cup crushed amaretti cookies (Italian macaroons); Blueberry Compote | INSTRUCTIONS: Using vegetable peeler, cut peel (yellow part only) in wide strips from 3 lemons. Finely grate enough peel from remaining lemon to measure 1 1/4 teaspoons packed peel. Squeeze enough juice from lemon to yield 5 teaspoons. Combine milk and lemon peel strips in medium saucepan and bring to simmer. Remove from heat; cover pan and let steep 20 minutes. Add sugar to milk mixture. Stir over medium heat until sugar dissolves. Whisk yolks in medium bowl to blend. Gradually whisk in hot milk mixture. Return mixture to same saucepan; stir over low heat until custard coats spoon when finger is drawn acro <END>
INPUT: crostini, spinach, garlic, sour cream, almonds, parsley
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spinach Almond Crostini | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound fresh spinach, washed, dried, and stemmed; 1 clove garlic; 3/4 cup sour cream; 1/4 cup chopped toasted almonds, plus more for garnish; 1 teaspoon chopped fresh parsley; 1 teaspoon chopped fresh thyme; 1 teaspoon chopped fresh chives; 1/8 teaspoon cayenne pepper; Kosher salt; Zest and juice of 1/2 a lemon; Toasted baguette slices, for serving | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. In a steamer basket set over 1 inch of simmering water, steam the spinach until wilted, a few minutes. Remove the spinach and drain well. 2. Put the spinach and garlic in a food processor and pulse until smooth. Add in the sour cream, almonds, parsley, thyme, chives, cayenne, and season with 1/8 teaspoon salt. Pulse until combined. Stir in the lemon zest and lemon juice. 3. Spread the spinach mixture on the toasted bread, sprinkle with additional chopped almonds, and serve. <END>
INPUT: scampi, virgin olive oil, garlic, chili flakes, Roma tomatoes, basil leaves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Garlic Shrimp Scampi | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil; 6 cloves garlic, crushed; 2 teaspoons crushed red chili flakes; 2 Roma tomatoes, chopped; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh basil leaves; 1 1/2 pounds shrimp, peeled and de-veined; 3 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley leaves; 1/2 lemon, juiced; 1 tablespoon lemon zest; 1 (8-ounce) package soy noodles, cooked and drained | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat oil in a large nonstick skillet over medium heat. Add garlic and chili flakes and saute for 1 minute. Add tomatoes and basil and saute for another minute. Add shrimp and saute for 2 minutes or until the shrimp is just cooked through. Add parsley, lemon juice, and lemon zest and stir until well mixed. Add the soy noodles and toss until noodles are coated with sauce. Serve immediately. <END>
INPUT: Asian, roast, chickens, vegetable oil, Kosher salt, pepper, coriander
OUTPUT: TITLE: Soy-Glazed Roast Chicken | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 2 3- to 4-pound chickens, giblets removed; 1 tablespoon vegetable oil; Kosher salt; 1/2 teaspoon ground white pepper; 1 1/2 teaspoons ground coriander; 1 1/2 teaspoons five-spice powder; 1/4 cup honey; 1/4 cup soy sauce; 2 tablespoons grated peeled ginger; 2 tablespoons toasted sesame oil; 3 scallions, thinly sliced; Toasted sesame seeds, for topping | INSTRUCTIONS: About 30 minutes before roasting, bring the chickens to room temperature. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Combine the vegetable oil, 2 teaspoons salt, the white pepper, coriander and five-spice powder in a small bowl; rub all over the chickens. Tie the legs together with kitchen twine and tuck the wings under the body. Arrange the chickens breast-side up on a rack set on a rimmed baking sheet or in a shallow roasting pan, leaving a bit of space between them. Roast until the skin is slightly golden and crisp, about 1 hour. Make the glaze: Combine the honey, soy sauce, ginger and sesame oil i <END>
INPUT: stir, Asian eggplants, salt, oyster sauce, sugar, sesame oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Stir-Fried Asian Eggplant | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 Asian eggplants; 2 teaspoons salt; 1 tablespoon oyster sauce; 1 teaspoon sugar; 1 teaspoon sesame oil; 2 tablespoons vegetable oil; 2 teaspoons minced garlic; 2 hot red chile peppers, seeded and thinly sliced | INSTRUCTIONS: Cut each eggplant in half lengthwise, then cut diagonally into 1/2-inch slices. Cover the eggplants with water, add the salt, and stir to dissolve the salt. Soak the eggplants for 5 minutes, then drain well. In a small bowl, mix the oyster sauce with the sugar and sesame oil and set aside. Heat a wok or nonstick skillet over high heat. Add the vegetable oil, garlic, chile peppers, and eggplants and stir-fry for 2 minutes. Add 2 tablespoons water and continue stir-frying for 2 more minutes. Add the oyster sauce mixture and stir well to mix. Remove to a platter and serve hot or cold. <END>
INPUT: schnitzel, brined, dill pickle juice, sweet piquante peppers, Four pork chops, orange bell peppers, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pickle Schnitzel-Pickle-Brined Pork Chops with Sweet and Spicy Peppers | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup dill pickle juice (preferably leftover from a jar of pickles); 1 cup whole sweet piquante peppers from a deli olive bar, such as Peppadews, plus 1/4 cup of the pepper juice; Four 1-inch-thick bone-in pork chops; 2 orange bell peppers, sliced 1/2 inch thick; 1 medium yellow onion, sliced; 1/4 cup olive oil; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 cup all-purpose flour; 2 large eggs, whisked; 2 cups panko breadcrumbs; 1/4 cup vegetable oil; 8 lemon wedges, for serving | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Combine the pickle juice, pepper juice and pork chops in a large zipper-top bag. Brine at least overnight and at most 24 hours, flipping the bag halfway through. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Toss the piquante peppers, bell peppers and onions with the olive oil in a bowl. Season liberally with salt and pepper. Transfer to a baking sheet and roast until slightly charred and soft, about 20 minutes. Lower the oven temperature to 200 degrees F and keep warm until ready to serve. Take the chops out of the bag (discard the brine) and dry them off with paper towels <END>
INPUT: sauce, garlic, vegetable oil, Two, water, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tomato Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 cup garlic cloves, peeled; 3/4 cup vegetable oil; Two 28 ounce cans crushed, peeled tomatoes, including juice; 2 quarts water; 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 1/2 teaspoon dried parsley leaves, crumbled; 1 1/4 teaspoons dried basil leaves, crumbled; 1 1/2 tablespoons sugar; 2 1/4 teaspoons salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Chop the garlic until it is fine, either in a food processor fitted with the steel blade or by hand. Heat the oil on high heat in a Dutch oven or large saucepan with at least a 5-quart capacity. Add the garlic and cook until light brown. Stir in the tomatoes, juice, and quarts of water. Add the pepper, parsley, basil, sugar and salt. Stir again.When the sauce begins to boil, reduce the heat. Simmer, stirring occasionally, about 45 minutes. <END>
INPUT: stock, celery, carrots, onions, parsley stems
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken Stock | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 (3 1/2- to 4 1/2-lb) whole chicken, cut into 8 pieces; 2 celery ribs, cut into 2-inch lengths; 2 carrots, quartered; 2 medium onions, left unpeeled, trimmed, and halved; 6 fresh parsley stems (without leaves); 1 Turkish or 1/2 California bay leaf; 8 whole black peppercorns; 4 qt cold water; 1 1/2 teaspoons salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring all ingredients to a boil in an 8- to 10-quart pot and skim froth. Reduce heat and gently simmer, uncovered, skimming froth occasionally, 3 hours. Remove chicken, then pour stock through a fine-mesh sieve into a large bowl and discard solids. If using stock right away, skim off and discard any fat. If not, cook stock completely, then chill, covered, and discard any solidified fat. Bring all ingredients to a boil in an 8- to 10-quart pot and skim froth. Reduce heat and gently simmer, uncovered, skimming froth occasionally, 3 hours. Remove chicken, then pour stock through a fine-mesh sieve <END>
INPUT: American, pudding, chocolate sandwich cookies, salted butter, sugar, cornstarch, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate Pudding | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 24 chocolate sandwich cookies; 4 tablespoons salted butter, melted; 1 1/2 cups sugar; 1/4 cup cornstarch; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 3 cups whole milk; 4 large egg yolks; 6 1/2 ounces bittersweet chocolate, broken into pieces; 2 tablespoons salted butter; 2 teaspoons vanilla extract; 1 cup whipped cream, for topping | INSTRUCTIONS: For the crumb base: Throw the cookies and melted butter into a food processor and pulverize. Spoon some into the bottom of the serving glasses and set aside. For the pudding: Combine the sugar, cornstarch and salt in a medium saucepan. Stir or whisk together. Pour in the milk and egg yolks and whisk together. Stir over medium heat until the mixture just barely comes to a boil and becomes thick, 6 to 8 minutes (maybe less, maybe more; just watch it!). The second it starts to bubble and thicken (note: it should be thick like pudding!), remove it from the heat. Add the chocolate, butter and vanil <END>
INPUT: blackened, butter, heavy cream, quick grits, cleaned crawfish tail, Parmesan
OUTPUT: TITLE: Crawfish Grits and Blackened Shrimp | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 ounces butter; 1/2 cup heavy cream; 1 pound quick grits; 1 pound cleaned crawfish tail meat; 1/2 cup shredded Parmesan; Salt and pepper; 2 teaspoons olive oil or butter; 8 ounces jumbo shrimp (16/20); 1/4 cup Cajun seasoning | INSTRUCTIONS: For the grits: Bring 7 cups water to a boil, then add the butter and heavy cream. Simmer for 2 minutes on medium heat. Stir in the grits while whipping until smooth (not grainy). Add the crawfish, while whipping, then add the Parmesan. Add salt and pepper to taste. For the shrimp: Heat a saute pan on medium-low heat with the olive oil. Lightly dust the shrimp in the Cajun seasoning on both sides. Sear for until tender, 1 to 2 minutes per side. Remove from the heat and place 1 or 2 shrimp on top of each serving of grits. <END>
INPUT: Indian, burgers, pork, coriander, curry powder, Worcestershire sauce, cayenne pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Curry Pork Burgers with Spicy Ketchup | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 2 1/2 pounds ground pork; 2 teaspoons ground coriander; 2 teaspoons curry powder; 2 teaspoons Worcestershire sauce; 1 teaspoon cayenne pepper; 3 scallions, chopped; 2 large clove garlic, finely chopped; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 6 hamburger buns; 1 head butter lettuce; 2 to 3 tomatoes, sliced; Spicy Ketchup, recipe follows; 1 clove garlic, minced; 1 tablespoon butter | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. In a large bowl, using your hands mix together pork, coriander, curry powder, Worcestershire, cayenne, scallions and garlic, seasoning well with salt and pepper. Make 6 even patties and put in refrigerator until ready to cook. Heat a large fry pan over medium-high heat, add oil. Sear patties until golden brown on both sides and cooked through, about 5 minutes per side. Cook in batches, if necessary. Serve inside hamburger buns topped with lettuce leaf, tomato slice and spicy ketchup. In a saucepan over medium heat, lightly saute garlic in butter, about 2 minutes. <END>
INPUT: flaxel, shucked oysters, eggs, sleeves saltine crackers, Corn vegetable oil, Kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grandma Flaxel's Crispy Fried Oysters | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 24 shucked medium to large oysters; 3 large eggs; 2 sleeves saltine crackers (8 ounces), pulsed to coarse meal (no bigger than 1/8") in a food processor; Corn or vegetable oil (for frying); Kosher salt; **Special equipment:**A deep-fry thermometer | INSTRUCTIONS: Drain oysters. Beat eggs in a medium bowl to blend. Add oysters and turn to coat completely. Pour half of saltine crumbs into a 13x9x2" baking dish. Working in batches, lift oysters with a slotted spoon, allowing excess egg to drain back into bowl, and transfer to baking dish. Scatter remaining crumbs over oysters and toss to coat. Cover dish and chill for 2-3 hours. Line a plate with paper towels. Pour oil into a medium heavy skillet to a depth of 1/2". Prop deep-fry thermometer in skillet so bulb is submerged. Heat oil over medium heat to 375°F. Working in batches, fry oysters, turning once, <END>
INPUT: sweet Italian fennel, leeks, Granny Smith apple, Bosc pear, Italian parsley leaves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Baked Apple Pear Stuffing | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound sweet Italian fennel sausage, removed from casing; 3 small leeks, thinly sliced (white and light green parts); 1 Granny Smith apple, cored and diced into 1/4-inch cubes; 1 Bosc pear, cored and diced into 1/4-inch cubes; 2 tablespoons fresh Italian parsley leaves, chopped; 1 tablespoon fresh sage leaves, chopped; 1 tablespoon fresh thyme leaves, chopped; 1 teaspoon kosher salt; 1 teaspoon cracked black pepper; 2 cups low-sodium chicken broth; One 12-ounce bag cubed country-style stuffing, such as Pepperidge Farm; 1/2 cup golden raisins; 4 large eggs, beaten | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. In a large skillet set over medium-high heat, brown the sausage, breaking it up with the back of a spoon, crumbling as it cooks. Once browned, add the leeks, apple and pear and saute until fragrant and softened, about 5 minutes. Stir in 1 tablespoon of the parsley, sage, thyme, salt and pepper and continue cooking for an additional minute. Add the chicken broth and scrape up any brown bits that have formed on the bottom of the pan. Remove from the heat and cool slightly. In a large mixing bowl, add the stuffing and cooked sausage mixture. Toss to combine and  <END>
INPUT: American, mixed apples, granulated sugar, lemon juice, unsalted butter, all purpose flour
OUTPUT: TITLE: Classic Apple Pie | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 4 pounds mixed apples (such as Granny Smith, Gala and McIntosh); 2/3 cup granulated sugar; 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 6 tablespoons unsalted butter; 2 tablespoons all-purpose flour, plus more for dusting; 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon or apple pie spice; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 2 disks Pie Dough, recipe follows; 1 large egg, beaten; Coarse sugar, for sprinkling (optional); 2 1/2 cups all-purpose flour; 4 tablespoons cold vegetable shortening; 2 teaspoons sugar; 1 teaspoon apple cider vinegar; 1/2 teaspoon salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Peel and core the apples; slice 1/4 inch thick. Transfer to a bowl and toss with the granulated sugar and lemon juice. Melt 4 tablespoons butter in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Add the apples and cook, stirring occasionally, until softened, 12 to 15 minutes. Add the flour, cinnamon and salt and stir until the juices thicken, about 2 minutes. Remove from the heat and let cool completely. (The filling can be made up to 2 days ahead; cover and refrigerate.) Roll out 1 disk of dough into a 12-inch round on a lightly floured surface. Ease into a 9-inch pie plate. Add the cooled filling an <END>
INPUT: australian, sauce, blood orange juice, shallot, tarragon leaves, rosemary leaves, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Australian Shrimp with Blood Orange Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 10 cups blood orange juice*; 3 small shallot, sliced; 1/4 cup freshly chopped tarragon leaves; 3 tablespoons chopped fresh rosemary leaves; 1/4 cup sugar; 2 cups heavy cream; 1 1/2 pounds unsalted butter, cut into small pieces; Kosher salt and freshly ground white pepper; 4 zucchini; 20 large shrimp see (Cook's Note below), 16 peeled and deveined; 6 tablespoons fruity extra-virgin olive oil; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; Zucchini, reserved from above; 8 egg yolks; 1 cup heavy cream | INSTRUCTIONS: * Blood oranges are available in mid-winter. Fresh blood orange juice is sold seasonally and frozen concentrate is available year round at gourmet stores. ** Basil oil can be purchased or made by steeping 1 bunch of basil in 2 cups of extra-virgin olive oil until the oil is slightly colored and fragrant. To make the sauce, combine the blood orange juice, shallots, tarragon, rosemary and sugar and bring to a simmer over medium heat. Simmer the mixture until the flavors blend, about 10 minutes then add the cream. Simmer for another 1 or 2 minutes, then remove the pot from the heat and steep for  <END>
INPUT: Mexican, eggs, lime juice, drops food coloring
OUTPUT: TITLE: Key Lime Pie | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 3 large eggs, separated; 1 (14 oz.) can Eagle Brand® Sweetened Condensed Milk; 1/2 cup lime juice; 2 or 3 drops green food coloring; 1 (9-inch) unbaked pie crust; 1/4 teaspoon cream of tartar; 1/3 cup sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: HEAT oven to 325 degrees F. Beat egg yolks in medium bowl on low speed of electric mixer. Gradually beat in sweetened condensed milk and lime juice until smooth. Stir in food coloring, if desired. Pour into unbaked pie crust. BAKE 30 minutes. Remove from oven. Increase oven temperature to 350 degrees F. BEAT egg whites and cream of tartar in medium bowl on high speed until soft peaks form. Gradually beat in sugar on medium speed. Beat 4 minutes or until sugar is dissolved and stiff glossy peaks form. Spread over hot pie, carefully sealing to edge of crust to prevent meringue from shrinking. BA <END>
INPUT: mashed, sweet potatoes yams, kosher salt, banana, heavy cream
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mashed Sweet Potatoes with Banana and Brown Sugar | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 8 sweet potatoes or large yams, each about 10 ounces; About 3 tablespoons kosher salt, plus additional as needed; 1 banana, with a 2-inch slit cut into the peel; 8 tablespoons (4 ounces) unsalted butter; 2 cups heavy cream; 1 cinnamon stick; 1/4 cup firmly packed light brown sugar; 1 teaspoon finely ground fresh black pepper, plus additional as needed | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. Wash each of the potatoes well, poke holes into them with a fork, rub each with about 1 teaspoon of salt, and wrap with heavy-duty aluminum foil. 2. Place directly on hot coals and cook for about 20 minutes, or cook in a 350°F barbecue for about 50 minutes, or until tender when pierced with a paring knife. At the same time, cook the banana in the peel until blackened, about 15 minutes. 3. Carefully take the potatoes out of the foil and scoop the flesh out from the skin into a large bowl. Cover with foil. Scoop the flesh out of the banana into a separate bowl. Increase temperature to high. 4 <END>
INPUT: American, barbecue, sauce, olive oil, onions, garlic, jalapeño chile
OUTPUT: TITLE: Brown Sugar and Coffee Barbecue Sauce | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1 3/4 cups chopped white onions; 6 garlic cloves, chopped; 2 tablespoons minced seeded jalapeño chile; 1/2 cup (packed) dark brown sugar; 2 tablespoons chili powder; 2 tablespoons mild-flavored (light) molasses; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro; 1 teaspoon ground cumin; 1 28-ounce can crushed tomatoes with added puree; 1 cup low-salt chicken broth; 1 cup freshly brewed strong coffee or 1 tablespoon instant espresso powder dissolved in 1 cup hot water | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat oil in heavy large saucepan over medium-high heat. Add onions, garlic, and jalapeño; sauté until onions are tender, about 7 minutes. Add brown sugar, chili powder, molasses, cilantro, and cumin; stir until sugar dissolves. Stir in crushed tomatoes with puree, broth, and coffee; bring to boil. Reduce heat and simmer uncovered until sauce thickens slightly and is reduced to 4 cups, stirring often, about 35 minutes. Season sauce to taste with salt and pepper. DO AHEAD: Can be made 1 week ahead. Cover and chill. Heat oil in heavy large saucepan over medium-high heat. Add onions, garlic, and j <END>
INPUT: bars, virgin coconut oil, unsweetened coconut flakes, hazelnuts, walnuts, cashews
OUTPUT: TITLE: Dark Chocolate Nut Bars | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 teaspoons virgin coconut oil; 1 cup unsweetened coconut flakes; 1/2 cup chopped hazelnuts; 1/2 cup chopped walnuts; 1/2 cup chopped cashews; 1/2 cup trail mix (nuts only); 1 tablespoon ground flaxseed; 1/2 cup maple syrup; 1/3 cup honey; Kosher salt; 1/2 cup dark chocolate chips | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: a candy thermometer Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Brush an 8-by-8-inch dish with 1 teaspoon of the coconut oil and set aside. Combine the coconut flakes, hazelnuts, walnuts, cashews, trail mix and flaxseed and spread into an even layer on a baking sheet. Toast until lightly golden, 10 to 12 minutes, then transfer to a large heatproof bowl. Set aside. In a small saucepan, combine the maple syrup, honey and 1/2 teaspoon salt and bring to a boil over medium-high heat. Cook, stirring occasionally, until the temperature on a candy thermometer reads 260 degrees F, about 5 min <END>
INPUT: Mexican, chipotle chile powder, Kosher salt pepper, vegetable oil, beef tri tip, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chipotle Steak with Collard Greens | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 teaspoon chipotle chile powder; Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper; 3 tablespoons vegetable oil; 1 1/4 to 1 1/2 pounds beef tri-tip steak, fat trimmed; 1 small onion, diced; 2 cloves garlic, thinly sliced; 1 pound frozen chopped collard greens, thawed and drained; 1/4 cup apple cider vinegar; 1/4 cup ketchup; 2 tablespoons honey; 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce; 1 tablespoon dijon mustard | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Mix the chile powder, 1/2 teaspoon salt and 1/4 teaspoon pepper; rub on the steak. Heat a large cast-iron skillet over medium-high heat. Add 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, then add the steak; sear 3 minutes per side. Transfer the skillet to the oven and cook until a meat thermometer inserted sideways into the steak registers 135 degrees F for medium rare, 15 to 20 minutes. Transfer the steak to a cutting board. Meanwhile, heat the remaining 2 tablespoons vegetable oil in a medium skillet over medium heat. Add the onion and garlic and cook, stirring, until soft,  <END>
INPUT: Asian, thick, soup, Sanuki Sea Stock, light colored soy, syrupy rice wine, salt, udon noodles semidried
OUTPUT: TITLE: Thick White Noodles in Soup, Topped with Eggs and Scallions | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1 quart Sanuki Sea Stock; 2 tablespoons light-colored soy sauce (usukuchi shoyu; see Tips, below); 2 tablespoons syrupy rice wine (mirin; see Tips, below); pinch of salt, optional; 1 recipe fresh udon noodles or 8 to 10 ounces dried or semidried udon noodles , cooked (reserve cooking water); 4 large eggs, lightly beaten; 2 scallions, trimmed and finely chopped (white and green portions); 1 small knob fresh ginger, peeled and grated to yield about 2 teaspoons; optional | INSTRUCTIONS: In a medium stockpot, combine the stock, soy sauce, and rice wine and heat to the point where small bubbles appear at the rim of the saucepan. Taste and adjust with a pinch of salt, if necessary. As you heat the soup, warm the bowls in which you will serve the noodles. Use a ladle to carefully scoop out boiling hot water from the pot in which the noodles were cooked and fill each serving bowl half way. Place a flat plate over the top of each bowl until ready to fill with noodles; this "lid" helps retain heat. Re-heat previously cooked, rinsed noodles: Place them in a deep, conical-shaped strai <END>
INPUT: stacks, globe eggplants, kosher salt, virgin olive oil, good quality balsamic, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Eggplant and Tomato Stacks | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 large globe eggplants, each about 1 pound, cut crosswise into 1/2-inch slices; 1/4 cup kosher salt, plus more for seasoning; Extra-virgin olive oil; 2 tablespoons good-quality balsamic vinegar; Freshly ground black pepper; 16 slices large tomato, each 1/4-inch thick; 1 1/2 teaspoons minced garlic; 1 1/2 pounds fresh mozzarella, cut into 1/4-inch slices | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large bowl toss the eggplant slices with 1/4 cup kosher salt. Using your fingertips, evenly distribute the salt on both sides of each slice. Place the eggplant in a colander set over a large bowl or sheet pan to catch juices. Set aside for 1 to 2 hours. Preheat oven to 450 degrees F. Line two 18 by 13-inch baking sheets with heavy-duty foil. Rinse the eggplant under cold water and dry thoroughly with paper towels. Arrange the eggplant slices in a single layer on one baking sheet. Brush olive oil on 1 side. Brush with balsamic vinegar and sprinkle with freshly ground pepper. Drizzle the ot <END>
INPUT: spinach leaves, olive oil, shallots, grape tomatoes cherry, rosemary
OUTPUT: TITLE: White Beans with Tomatoes and Spinach | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 10-ounce bag fresh spinach leaves; 3 tablespoons olive oil, divided; 1 cup sliced shallots (about 4 large); 24 grape tomatoes or cherry tomatoes; 2 teaspoons minced fresh rosemary; 1 cup low-salt chicken broth; 3 15-ounce cans cannellini (white kidney beans), drained | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat large deep nonstick skillet over high heat. Add spinach to dry skillet; toss until just wilted, about 3 minutes. Transfer to strainer set over bowl. Heat 2 tablespoons oil in same skillet over medium-high heat. Add shallots; sauté 5 minutes. Reduce heat to medium; add tomatoes and rosemary and sauté 1 minute. Add broth; cover and cook until tomatoes soften, stirring occasionally, about 4 minutes. Remove from heat. Crush tomatoes with potato masher. Stir in beans and 1 tablespoon oil. Bring to boil over medium-high heat. Reduce heat to medium-low; simmer uncovered until juices thicken, abo <END>
INPUT: corn, heavy cream, thyme, bread crumbs
OUTPUT: TITLE: Baked Corn with Thyme | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1-1/2 cups fresh corn (cut from about 3 ears) or thawed frozen; 1/3 cup heavy cream; 1/2 teaspoon minced fresh thyme; 2 tablespoons fresh bread crumbs | INSTRUCTIONS: In a bowl stir together the corn, the cream, the thyme, and salt and pepper or taste, spoon the mixture into a buttered 6-inch baking pan or gratin dish, and sprinkle the bread crumbs on top. Bake the corn mixture in the middle of a preheated 350°F. oven for 25 minutes, or until it is crusty around the edges. Broil the corn mixture under a preheated broiler about 4 inches from the heat for 2 minutes, or until the bread crumbs are toasted. In a bowl stir together the corn, the cream, the thyme, and salt and pepper or taste, spoon the mixture into a buttered 6-inch baking pan or gratin dish, and <END>
INPUT: olive oil, sweet Italian sausage, seedless grapes, balsamic vinegar, sautéed greens garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Italian Sausage with Red Grapes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons olive oil; 2 lb sweet Italian sausage (about 12 3- to 4-inch links); 2 lb seedless red grapes, stemmed; 1/4 cup balsamic vinegar; Accompaniment: sautéed greens with garlic | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat olive oil in a 12-inch heavy skillet over moderate heat until hot but not smoking, then cook sausages, turning over once, until well browned, about 8 minutes total. Add grapes and cook, stirring occasionally, until sausages are cooked through and grapes are softened, 10 to 12 minutes. Stir in vinegar and salt and pepper to taste. Heat olive oil in a 12-inch heavy skillet over moderate heat until hot but not smoking, then cook sausages, turning over once, until well browned, about 8 minutes total. Add grapes and cook, stirring occasionally, until sausages are cooked through and grapes are  <END>
INPUT: American, smiling, butter, rustic bread, ham, American cheese, mozzarella cheese
OUTPUT: TITLE: "Smiling" Grilled Cheese | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons butter, softened; 2 slices rustic white bread; 2 slices ham; 2 slices American cheese, plus 1/4 slice for serving; 2 slices mozzarella cheese; 1 grape tomato, halved; 1 small pickle spear | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat a skillet over medium heat. Spread the butter on both sides of the bread. Build the sandwich with the ham and cheeses and place in the hot skillet. Cook until the bread is golden and toasty, a few minutes on each side. Arrange the tomato halves for the eyes, 1/4 cheese slice for a nose and pickle spear for a smile. This recipe was created by a contestant during a cooking competition. The Food Network Kitchens have not tested it for home use, therefore, we cannot make any representation as to the results. <END>
INPUT: spiked, mixed cherry grape, vodka, wine vinegar, superfine granulated sugar, lemon zest
OUTPUT: TITLE: Vodka-Spiked Cherry Tomatoes with Pepper Salt | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 pints firm small mixed cherry and grape tomatoes; 1/2 cup vodka; 3 tablespoons white-wine vinegar; 1 tablespoon superfine granulated sugar; 1 teaspoon grated lemon zest; 3 tablespoons kosher salt; 1 1/2 tablespoons coarsely ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Cut a small X in bottom of each tomato. Blanch tomatoes, 5 at a time, in a saucepan of boiling water 3 seconds. Immediately transfer with a slotted spoon to an ice bath to stop cooking. Drain and peel, transferring to a large shallow dish. Stir together vodka, vinegar, sugar, and zest until sugar has dissolved, then pour over tomatoes, gently tossing to coat. Marinate, chilled, at least 30 minutes and up to 1 hour. Stir together salt and pepper and serve with tomatoes for dipping. Cut a small X in bottom of each tomato. Blanch tomatoes, 5 at a time, in a saucepan of boiling water 3 seconds. Im <END>
INPUT: pancakes, Non butter, eggs, heavy cream, water, no sugar added
OUTPUT: TITLE: Low Carb Maple Pecan Pancakes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Non-stick cooking spray or butter; 2 eggs; 1/3 cup heavy cream; 1/4 cup water; 1 teaspoon no sugar added maple extract; 1/2 cup soy flour; 2 tablespoons sugar substitute (recommended: Splenda); 1 tablespoon wheat (or oat) bran; 1/4 teaspoon baking powder; 1/8 cup chopped pecans (walnuts may be substituted); Low Carb Fresh Whipped Cream, recipe follows; 1 cup heavy cream; 1/3 cup sugar substitute (recommended: Splenda); 1 teaspoon no sugar added vanilla extract | INSTRUCTIONS: Grease a griddle or large pan with nonstick cooking spray or butter and heat over medium heat. Mix all ingredients except pecans in a blender for about 15 seconds. Stop and scrape down the sides with a spatula, and continue mixing for another 15 seconds until well blended. Pour approximately 16 mini-cakes onto the hot griddle, and sprinkle each with a few pecans. Cook on each side for only a minute or 2. Serve hot with melted butter or top with a dollop of Low Carb Whipped Cream. With an electric mixer on high, whip the heavy cream just until frothy. Then add in the sugar substitute and vanill <END>
INPUT: mascarpone, heavy cream, icing sugar, orange juice, balsamic vinegar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Glazed Figs with Mascarpone Cream | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups mascarpone; 1/2 cup heavy cream; 2 tablespoons icing sugar (confectioners'); 1/2 cup orange juice; 1/4 cup balsamic vinegar; 1/4 cup sugar; 1/2 teaspoon orange zest; 1 pint fresh figs, halved; 1/2 cup walnuts, toasted and coarsely chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: An electric mixer For the cream: In an electric mixer whip the mascarpone until smooth. Continue whipping and slowly add the cream in a steady stream. Add the sugar and whip for 3 minutes. For the figs: In a small pot combine the orange juice, balsamic vinegar, sugar, and zest. Boil over high heat, stirring to dissolve the sugar. Reduce the heat to medium and simmer for 5 minutes. Preheat the broiler. Toss the figs with the glaze and spread, cut side up, in a single layer on a baking sheet. Cook under the broiler for 6 to 8 minutes, until lightly caramelized. Serve the warm  <END>
INPUT: munee, olive oil, unsalted butter, broken vermicelli, basmati rice, prosciutto
OUTPUT: TITLE: Rice a Munee | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon olive oil; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1 cup broken vermicelli; 2 cups basmati rice; 3 ounces prosciutto, chopped; 1 cup diced yellow onions; 1 red bell pepper, diced; 2 tablespoons minced garlic; 3/4 cup frozen peas; 1/2 cup white wine; 3 1/2 cups chicken stock; Salt and freshly cracked black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large saucepan or skillet with a lid, heat oil and butter over medium-high heat. Add in the vermicelli and rice and saute until lightly browned. Add in prosciutto and saute 2 minutes more. Stir in onion and peppers, and saute for another 2 minutes. Add the garlic and peas, saute for 1 more minute and deglaze with white wine. Pour in the chicken stock, bring mixture to a simmer, cover and cook for 18 to 20 minutes or until liquid is absorbed and rice is cooked. Season with salt and pepper, if needed. Transfer to a serving bowl and serve immediately. <END>
INPUT: sugar, sweet vermouth, Bosc pears
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sweet Vermouth and Cinnamon Roasted Pears | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/3 cup sugar; 2/3 cup sweet vermouth; 3 Bosc pears, peeled, halved, and cored; 1 (3-inch) cinnamon stick; 3 (3-inch) strips orange zest; 3 (3-inch) strips lemon zest | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 400°F with rack in middle. Stir together sugar and vermouth in a 2- to 2 1/2-quart shallow baking dish. Add pears (cut sides up), cinnamon, and zests. Roast, loosely covered with parchment paper, basting occasionally, 20 minutes. Roast, uncovered, basting occasionally, until tender, about 15 minutes more. Preheat oven to 400°F with rack in middle. Stir together sugar and vermouth in a 2- to 2 1/2-quart shallow baking dish. Add pears (cut sides up), cinnamon, and zests. Roast, loosely covered with parchment paper, basting occasionally, 20 minutes. Roast, uncovered, basting occas <END>
INPUT: salt, beans, regular turkey bacon, garlic, savory
OUTPUT: TITLE: Green Beans with Savory and Bacon | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: salt; 1 lb fresh green beans, trimmed and cut into 2-inch lengths; 2 oz regular or turkey bacon, finely diced; 2 cloves garlic, peeled and minced; 2 tbsp chopped fresh savory (or fresh oregano) | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring a large pot of water to a boil; add salt. Drop beans in water and cook 3 minutes, then drain in colander. In a large skillet, cook bacon over medium-low heat, stirring until it renders most of its fat and is nearly crisp. Pour off all but 1 tbsp fat. Add garlic to skillet and cook over medium-low heat for 30 seconds, stirring constantly. Raise heat, add beans and savory and toss 1 to 2 minutes to blend flavors. Season with pepper and salt, if needed. Bring a large pot of water to a boil; add salt. Drop beans in water and cook 3 minutes, then drain in colander. In a large skillet, cook ba <END>
INPUT: punch, citrus, high proof rum, spiced rum, grapefruit juice, orange juice, lemon juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spiced Rum Punch with Citrus and Luxardo | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup high-proof rum (preferably Smith & Cross); 1 cup spiced rum (preferably Sailor Jerry); 1 cup fresh grapefruit juice, strained; 3/4 cup fresh orange juice, strained; 1/2 cup fresh lemon juice, strained; 1/3 cup Luxardo maraschino liqueur; 1/4 cup simple syrup; 2 teaspoons Peychaud's bitters; 1 grapefruit, sliced into rounds; 1 blood orange, sliced into rounds; 1 lime, sliced into rounds; 1/4 cup kumquats, sliced into rounds | INSTRUCTIONS: Fill 2 small freezer-safe shallow containers with 1 1/2" hot water and freeze until solid to make giant ice cubes, about 4 hours. (The bottoms of clean half-gallon milk cartons work great.) Combine both rums, grapefruit juice, orange juice, lemon juice, liqueur, simple syrup, and bitters in a punch bowl. Unmold ice (dip containers in warm water if needed) and add to punch along with citrus slices. Serve punch in 6-ounce glasses filled with ice. Fill 2 small freezer-safe shallow containers with 1 1/2" hot water and freeze until solid to make giant ice cubes, about 4 hours. (The bottoms of clean <END>
INPUT: Mexican, tostadas, canola oil, corn tortillas, Kosher salt, cumin
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken and Black Bean Tostadas | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup canola oil, plus more for frying; 4 corn tortillas, preferably white; Kosher salt; 1 (15.5-ounce) can black beans, drained and rinsed; 1 teaspoon ground cumin; 1/4 cup low-sodium chicken broth; Freshly ground pepper; 1 clove garlic, minced; 1 tablespoon ancho chili paste or adobo sauce (from a can of chipotles in adobo); 1/4 cup fresh lime juice; 2 teaspoons brown sugar; 2 cups finely shredded green or red cabbage; 1 bunch radishes (about 6), julienned; 1/2 bunch fresh cilantro, roughly chopped; 1/2 cup sour cream | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat 1/2 inch oil in a small heavy skillet over medium heat until shimmering. Fry tortillas one at a time until golden and crisp, 2 minutes per side. Drain on paper towels and sprinkle with salt. Cool the oil slightly and discard all but 2 tablespoons. Add the beans and cumin and cook, stirring, 1 minute. Add the broth and cook, smashing the beans, until saucy and hot. Season with salt and pepper. Whisk the garlic, chili paste, 2 tablespoons lime juice, the sugar and 1/2 teaspoon salt in a large bowl. Slowly whisk in 1/4 cup oil to make a dressing; add the cabbage, radishes and cilantro and to <END>
INPUT: breasts, chicken breast skin, Saga, ham, Worcestershire sauce, lemon juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Chicken Breasts Stuffed with Ham and Saga Blue | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 whole boneless chicken breast with skin (about 1 pound), halved; 2 sticks of Saga Blue (each 2 by 1/2 by 1/2 inch); 2 thin slices of cooked ham (each 4 by 4 inches); 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce; 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, cut into pieces | INSTRUCTIONS: Insert a sharp paring knife into the thicker end of each chicken breast half and cut a lengthwise pocket carefully, making it as wide as possible without puncturing the sides. Wrap each stick of Saga Blue in a ham slice, enclosing it, insert the packages in the chicken pockets, and seal each opening well with a wooden pick. In a small saucepan bring the Worcestershire sauce and the lemon juice just to a simmer, remove the pan from the heat, and swirl in the butter. Grill the chicken, seasoned with salt and pepper, on an oiled rack set about 6 inches over glowing coals, basting it frequently wi <END>
INPUT: raspberry, sauce, Cornish game hen, thyme, olive oil, shallots, low salt chicken
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cornish Game Hen with Raspberry-Red Wine Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1 1/2- to 1 3/4-pound Cornish game hen, halved; 1 teaspoon dried thyme; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 4 shallots, chopped; 2 cups canned low-salt chicken broth; 2/3 cup dry red wine; 2/3 cup frozen raspberries; 2 teaspoons (or more) sugar; 1/4 teaspoon ground allspice | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 500°F. Sprinkle hen halves with thyme, salt and pepper. Heat oil in heavy large skillet over medium-high heat. Add hen halves, skin side down, and cook until brown, about 6 minutes per side. Transfer hen halves to baking sheet (do not clean skillet). Roast until juices run clear when thigh is pierced, about 20 minutes. Meanwhile, pour off all but 2 tablespoons fat from skillet. Add shallots and sauté over medium heat until soft, about 3 minutes. Add broth, wine, raspberries, 2 teaspoons sugar and allspice. Boil until sauce thickens enough to coat spoon, scraping up browned bits <END>
INPUT: blackened, grapeseed oil, sweet potatoes, molasses, chili powder, cayenne pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Blackened Drum | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons grapeseed oil; 2 1/2 pounds sweet potatoes, peeled and diced; 1/4 cup molasses; 1 teaspoon chili powder; 1 pinch cayenne pepper; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 1/2 pounds green beans, ends trimmed; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; Juice of 1 lemon; 1 cup Cajun blackening spice; 1 tablespoon kosher salt, if needed; 6 skinless black drum fillets; 1/4 cup grapeseed oil; Herb Butter, recipe follows, for serving | INSTRUCTIONS: For the sweet potatoes: Heat a large skillet over high heat until smoking hot. Add the grapeseed oil and then the sweet potatoes. Allow the potatoes to sear for 2 to 3 minutes and then turn the heat down to medium. Toss the sweet potatoes and cook until tender, 15 to 20 minutes. Add the molasses, chili powder and cayenne and toss to coat. Cook for 2 to 3 minutes more. Season with salt and pepper and keep warm. For the green beans: Bring a large pot of water (seasoned with 2 tablespoons salt per gallon of water) to a rolling boil. Prepare an ice bath to shock the beans. Add about one-quarter of <END>
INPUT: company, olive oil, onion, garlic, Kosher salt, Swiss chard
OUTPUT: TITLE: Company Eggs | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1 small onion, thinly sliced; 4 garlic cloves, finely chopped; Kosher salt, freshly ground pepper; 2 bunches Swiss chard, thick center ribs and stems removed, leaves coarsely chopped (about 12 cups); 1/2 cup heavy cream; 12 large eggs; 2 ounces sharp white cheddar, grated (about 1/2 cup) | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 400°F. Heat oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Add onion and garlic; season with salt and pepper. Cook, stirring occasionally, until onion is softened, 8-10 minutes. Add chard to skillet by the handful, tossing to wilt between additions. Cook, tossing often, until tender, 8-10 minutes. Add cream and simmer until thickened and almost evaporated, 8-10 minutes; season with salt and pepper. Spread chard mixture evenly in a 13x9x2" baking dish. Using the back of a spoon, make 12 small, evenly spaced divots in the chard mixture. Crack 1 egg into each divot. Season eggs with sal <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, virgin olive oil, garlic, Greek seasoning, tzatziki gyro dressing
OUTPUT: TITLE: Garlic Fries | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 (26-ounce) bag frozen "fast food" fries (recommended: Ore-Ida); 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1 1/2 teaspoons minced garlic; 1 teaspoon Greek seasoning; Store-bought tzatziki or gyro dressing, for serving | INSTRUCTIONS: Light broiler. On a baking sheet, toss together fries, olive oil, garlic, and seasoning. Arrange fries in a single layer. Broil 6 inches from heat source for 5 to 8 minutes. Serve fries hot with tzatziki for dipping. <END>
INPUT: cranberry juice, currant jelly, dijon mustard, cranberries, pork tenderloin
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cranberry-Glazed Pork Tenderloin | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup cranberry juice; 1/3 cup red currant jelly; 1 tablespoon dijon mustard; 1/4 cup dried cranberries; 1 pork tenderloin (about 1 pound); 1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil; Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F and line a rimmed baking sheet with foil. Combine the cranberry juice, jelly and mustard in a medium skillet over medium-high heat; cook, stirring occasionally, until thick enough to coat the back of a spoon, about 15 minutes. Remove 3 tablespoons of the glaze and set aside for brushing. Stir the cranberries into the remaining glaze; set aside for drizzling. Meanwhile, rub the pork with the olive oil, 1/2 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of pepper. Place on the prepared baking sheet and roast, turning once, 15 minutes. Remove the pork from the oven and brush all <END>
INPUT: Asian, crunchy, crusted, salt, wasabi paste, mayonnaise, panko
OUTPUT: TITLE: Crunchy Wasabi-Crusted Fish with Red-Cabbage Slaw | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 4 (3/4- to 1-inch-thick) skinless white-fleshed fish fillets, such as Pacific cod or halibut (6 oz each); 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1 1/2 teaspoons wasabi paste (from a tube); 1/2 cup mayonnaise; 1 to 1 1/4 cups panko (Japanese bread crumbs); 1/4 cup distilled white vinegar; 1 teaspoon sugar; 1/2 teaspoon dry mustard; 3/4 teaspoon salt; 1 seedless cucumber (usually plastic-wrapped); 8 oz shredded red cabbage (4 cups; from a 10-oz package); Accompaniment: pickled ginger (sushi ginger) | INSTRUCTIONS: Prepare fish: Put oven rack in upper third of oven and preheat oven to 400°F. Line a shallow baking pan with foil. Pat fillets dry, then arrange in baking pan. Sprinkle salt all over fillets. Stir together wasabi paste and mayonnaise in a bowl, then spread tops of fillets with half of mayonnaise and sprinkle with half of panko. Turn fillets over and spread with remaining mayonnaise, then sprinkle with remaining crumbs. Bake until fish is just cooked through, 12 to 16 minutes, then broil 4 to 6 inches from heat until crumbs on top are golden brown, 1 to 2 minutes. Put oven rack in upper third o <END>
INPUT: American, quesadillas, chili powder, kosher salt, cumin, chipotle powder, cayenne pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Skirt Steak Quesadillas | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons chili powder; 2 teaspoons kosher salt; 1 teaspoon ground cumin; 1/2 teaspoon chipotle powder; 1/2 teaspoon cayenne pepper; 1 teaspoon lime zest; 1 1/2 pounds skirt steak; Twelve 6-inch corn tortillas; Vegetable oil, for brushing; 1 1/2 cups shredded peppered Monterey Jack cheese; Tomatillo Guacamole, recipe follows; Fresh cilantro, for serving; Lime wedges, for serving; Sour cream, for serving; 3/4 cup coarsely chopped fresh cilantro leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: For the skirt steak: Combine the chili powder, salt, cumin, chipotle powder, cayenne and lime zest and in a small bowl. Rub the spice mixture over entire skirt steak and let marinate in a zip-top bag at least 20 to 25 minutes. Preheat a grill pan or cast-iron skillet over high heat. Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Grill the steak 3 minutes per side for medium-rare. Let rest 5 minutes before slicing thin against the grain. For the quesadillas: Place 6 tortillas on a sheet tray, brushing the outsides with oil. Sprinkle 1/4 cup of the shredded cheese on each tortilla along with 2 tablespoons o <END>
INPUT: American, cheese, Short, beef short, canola oil, cola, soy sauce
OUTPUT: TITLE: Short Rib Grilled Cheese | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: Short Ribs:; 4 pounds beef short ribs, bone in; 2 tablespoons canola oil; 2 cups cola, such as Coca-Cola; 2 cups soy sauce; 2 cups Chinese rice wine; 5 cloves garlic, crushed; 5 green onions; One 2-inch knob ginger, peeled and chopped; Onion Jam:; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 2 large red onions, sliced; 1/4 cup light brown sugar; 1 tablespoon honey; 3/4 cup dry red wine | INSTRUCTIONS: For the short ribs: Preheat the oven to 300 degrees F. Trim excess fat and sliverskin from the short ribs and then slice between the bones. Heat the canola oil in a large skillet and sear the short ribs, working in batches. Transfer the ribs to a hotel pan or roasting pan. Add the cola, soy sauce, rice wine, garlic, green onions, ginger and 2 cups water. Cover with foil and transfer to the oven. Braise for 4 hours, until tender. Shred the short ribs. For the onion jam: Heat the olive oil in a large skillet. Add the red onions and saute until caramelized, about 10 minutes. Add the brown sugar a <END>
INPUT: toasts, olive oil, onion, mushrooms, garlic, thyme
OUTPUT: TITLE: Wild Mushroom Toasts | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1/4 cup chopped onion; 5 cups finely chopped mushrooms, blend of button and wild; 1 garlic clove, minced; 1 teaspoon dried thyme; 1/4 cup whipping cream; 1/2 cup grated fontina cheese; 1/2 cup freshly grated Parmesan; 24 slices Melba toast | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat broiler. In large skillet, heat oil over medium-high heat. Add onion; saute 1 minute. Add all mushrooms, garlic and thyme; saute until beginning to brown, about 6 minutes or until liquid evaporates. Remove from heat. Stir in cream and cheeses. Season with salt and pepper. Top each toast with about 1 tablespoon mushroom topping. Place toasts on rimmed baking sheets. Working in batches, broil until cheese is melted and begins to brown, watching closely to prevent burning, about 2 minutes. Transfer to serving platter and serve warm. <END>
INPUT: casino, bacon, unsalted butter, shallots, garlic, flat leaf parsley
OUTPUT: TITLE: Clams Casino | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 slices bacon (about 2 ounces); 1/4 cup unsalted butter, softened; 2 tablespoons minced shallots; 2 large garlic cloves, minced; 2 teaspoons minced fresh flat-leaf parsley leaves; 2 teaspoons freshly squeezed lemon juice; 1/4 teaspoon kosher salt; Pinch cayenne pepper; 36 little neck or cherrystone clams, scrubbed; 1/2 cup sourdough breadcrumbs | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook the bacon in a medium skillet over medium heat until crisp. Drain and chop fine. Set aside. In a small bowl, stir together the butter, shallots, garlic, parsley, lemon juice, salt, and cayenne until combined. Set aside. Arrange the clams in a single layer in a large skillet pan, cover, and steam over high heat until their shells just begin to open, about 5 to 8 minutes. (Do this in batches if needed.) Set aside. When cool enough to handle, remove the top shells and discard. Slide a knife under each clam to loosen it in the shell. Crumple a large piece of aluminum foil and spread it out on <END>
INPUT: Asian, miso paste, low sodium soy, sugar, sesame oil, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Miso Glazed Salmon | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup miso paste (soy bean paste); 1 cup low sodium soy sauce; 1/2 cup brown sugar; 2 teaspoons sesame oil; 2 teaspoons chopped garlic; 6 salmon fillets | INSTRUCTIONS: To make the glaze: In a large bowl combine the miso paste, soy sauce, sugar, sesame oil, and garlic. Preheat grill to medium. Brush salmon fillets with the glaze. Grill over medium direct heat and continue brushing with glaze throughout cooking process. <END>
INPUT: polpette, EVOO, panko bread crumbs, bread crumbs, swordfish, Salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Swordfish Polpette with Arugula Pistou | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons EVOO, plus more to toast panko and bread crumbs; 1/2 cup panko bread crumbs; 1/2 cup bread crumbs; 1 1/4 to 1 1/2 pounds swordfish (trimmed weight), all skin and bloodlines removed, coarsely chopped; Salt and pepper; 1 cup loosely packed fresh flat-leaf parsley tops; Grated zest of 2 organic lemons; 3 or 4 cloves garlic (to taste), finely chopped; 1 large free-range organic egg, beaten; 3 tablespoons grated red onion; 1 plum tomato, seeded and finely chopped; Arugula Pistou, recipe follows; 1 lemon, juiced; 2 handfuls arugula; 1/4 cup olive oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper. Add a drizzle of EVOO to a small skillet and toast the panko and bread crumbs until golden. Remove and cool. In a food processor, pulse-chop the fish into very fine pieces, then transfer to a bowl. Season with salt and pepper. On a cutting board, chop the parsley, then add the lemon zest and garlic and continue chopping these together to form a gremolata. Add the gremolata to the fish, along with the egg, onion, tomato, 3 tablespoons EVOO, and cooled bread crumbs. Mix to combine. Use a 2-ounce scoop or spoon out about <END>
INPUT: citrus, water, pink grapefruit juice, orange juice, orzo
OUTPUT: TITLE: Citrus Lobster | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 (1 1/2-pound) lobsters; 2 cups water; 3 cups pink grapefruit juice; 1 cup orange juice; 6 ounces orzo; 1/2 lemon, zest; 1/3 cup heavy cream; Pinch white pepper; 3 tablespoons freshly squeezed orange juice; 2 tablespoons sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: There are three steps to this recipe, and you will want to try to do them all simultaneously. In a large pot boil 2 cups water, 2 cups pink grapefruit juice, and 1 cup orange juice. When it starts steaming, put in both lobsters for 20 minutes. Do not overcook. Remove lobsters and remove meat from the shells. While lobsters are cooking, boil orzo in a pot of salted water for 8 minutes until al dente. Do not over cook. In a pan, saute 1 cup pink grapefruit juice, lemon zest, cream, pepper, and freshly squeezed orange juice. Put on medium heat for 5 minutes. Add the al dente orzo to the mixture i <END>
INPUT: Asian, spice, shortbread, all purpose flour, coffee beans, ginger, cinnamon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Coffee-Spice Shortbread with Crystallized Ginger | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 2 3/cups all purpose flour; 3/4 cup (packed) dark brown sugar; 2 tablespoons plus 2 teaspoons ground coffee beans; 2 teaspoons ground ginger; 1 1/2 teaspoons ground cinnamon; 1 teaspoon ground cardamom; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1 cup (2 sticks) chilled unsalted butter, cut into 1/2-inch cubes; 1/2 cup powdered sugar; 2 teaspoons (or more) water; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; 6 tablespoons chopped crystallized ginger; Special equipment: 2 9-inch-diameter tart pans with removable bottom | INSTRUCTIONS: Position 1 rack in top third and 1 rack in bottom third of oven and preheat to 325°F. Mix flour, brown sugar, ground coffee, ginger, cinnamon, cardamom, and salt in processor 5 seconds. Add butter; using on/off turns, process until moist clumps begin to form. Gather dough into ball. Divide dough equally between two 9-inch- diameter tart pans with removable bottom. Press dough firmly and evenly onto bottom of each tart pan. Bake shortbread 25 minutes. Reverse position of pans and continue to bake until shortbread is golden brown and firm around edges but center is still just slightly soft, abou <END>
INPUT: cheesy, virgin olive oil, sweet Italian sausages, garlic, wine, seedless grapes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sausages and Grapes with Cheesy Polenta | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 4 sweet Italian sausages (about 4 ounces each); 6 cloves garlic; 1/2 cup dry red wine; 1 1/2 pounds seedless red grapes (5 to 6 cups); 1/2 to 1 teaspoon red wine vinegar; Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper; 4 cups whole milk; 1 cup quick-cooking polenta; 4 sprigs fresh thyme, leaves stripped; 1 cup grated fontina cheese (about 3 ounces); 3 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley, plus more for topping | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat the olive oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Add the sausages and cook, turning once, until golden, about 6 minutes. Add the garlic and cook, stirring, 1 minute. Add the wine, scraping up any browned bits from the bottom of the skillet. Add the grapes and spread the mixture into an even layer. Cover and continue to cook until the sausages are cooked through, about 10 minutes. Remove the sausages to a plate; cover with foil to keep warm. Increase the heat to high and continue cooking the grapes until they burst and the sauce is reduced, about 12 minutes. (Mash the grapes slightly wit <END>
INPUT: flans, zest navel oranges, water, Grand Marnier, sugar, milk
OUTPUT: TITLE: Orange Flans with Candied Zest | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: the zest of 5 navel oranges, removed in strips with a vegetable peeler; 1/2 cup water; 1/2 cup Grand Marnier; 2 cups sugar; 4 cups milk; 8 large egg yolks; 4 large whole eggs; 1 teaspoon orange-flower water (available at specialty foods shops and some supermarkets) or 1 teaspoon vanilla if desired; 1/2 teaspoon salt; orange sections, the rind and pith cut away with a serrated knife, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Cut the zest of 2 of the oranges into long, very thin shreds with a knife, in a saucepan of boiling water blanch it for 1 minute, and drain it. In a small heavy saucepan boil the water and the Grand Marnier with the blanched zest and 1 cup of the sugar, stirring and washing down any sugar crystals clinging to the side of the pan with a brush dipped in cold water, for 5 minutes. Transfer the candied zest with a slotted spoon to a plate lined with wax paper and let it stand, uncovered, for 2 hours, or until it is dry. Cook the syrup over moderate heat, undisturbed, until it is a deep caramel and <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, topping, Brussels sprouts, soy sauce, tahini, wine vinegar, honey
OUTPUT: TITLE: Soy Sauce Brussels Sprouts with Panko and Cashew Topping | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 2 pounds Brussels sprouts; 4 tablespoons soy sauce; 4 tablespoons tahini; 2 tablespoons white wine vinegar; 1 tablespoon honey; 1 tablespoon olive oil; Juice from half a lemon; 1 clove garlic, minced; 1/2 cup panko breadcrumbs; 1/2 cup crushed raw cashews | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Slice the Brussels sprouts lengthwise in 1/4-inch-thick pieces. Place them in a 12-inch round or 9-by-13-inch casserole dish. In a small bowl, whisk together the soy sauce, tahini, white wine vinegar, honey, oil, lemon juice and garlic. Pour the soy sauce mixture over the Brussels sprouts, tossing to coat. Combine the panko and crushed cashews in a small bowl, then scatter over the Brussels sprouts. Bake until the Brussels sprouts are tender and the crumb topping is a deep, golden brown, about 30 minutes. <END>
INPUT: American, salad, dressing, mayonnaise, sour cream, cheese, lemon juice, chives
OUTPUT: TITLE: Iceberg and Watercress Salad with Blue Cheese Dressing | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup mayonnaise; 1/4 cup sour cream; 4 oz blue cheese, crumbled (1 cup); 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice; 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh chives; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 1/4 teaspoon black pepper; 1 to 2 tablespoons milk or water; 1/2 head iceberg lettuce, coarsely shredded; 2 bunches watercress, coarse stems discarded (6 cups); 3 celery ribs, thinly sliced diagonally | INSTRUCTIONS: Whisk together mayonnaise, sour cream, cheese, lemon juice, chives, salt, and pepper in a small bowl and thin with milk or water to desired consistency. Toss iceberg, watercress, and celery in a large bowl and drizzle with dressing. Whisk together mayonnaise, sour cream, cheese, lemon juice, chives, salt, and pepper in a small bowl and thin with milk or water to desired consistency. Toss iceberg, watercress, and celery in a large bowl and drizzle with dressing. <END>
INPUT: gumbo, pepper, garlic salt, Cajun seasoning, bay leaf, vegetable oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Catfish Gumbo | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 1 teaspoon garlic salt; 1 teaspoon Cajun seasoning; 1 bay leaf; 2 tablespoons vegetable oil; 1/3 cup diced onions; 1/3 cup diced celery; 1/2 green pepper, diced; 1 1/2 tablespoons all-purpose flour; 1 (10.5-ounce) can chicken broth; 1 (14.5-ounce) can diced tomatoes; 3 ounces tomato paste; 1 small (5-ounce) package frozen cut okra; Splash hot sauce; 3/4 pound to 1 pound catfish, cut into chunks | INSTRUCTIONS: In a small bowl, combine the pepper, garlic salt, Cajun seasoning, and bay leaf and mix well; set aside. In a large pot, heat the vegetable oil over high heat. Add the onions, celery, and green peppers and stir. Add the flour and stir until blended. Add the chicken broth and stir until smooth. Add the tomatoes, tomato paste, and okra and stir until mixed well. Add the hot sauce and seasoning mixture and mix well. Bring the gumbo to a boil and then reduce the heat to a simmer and simmer for 30 minutes, uncovered. Add the catfish and stir to mix well. Cover the pot and simmer for 20 minutes. Ser <END>
INPUT: Indian, toast, sugar, sourdough French bread, margarine butter substitute, peaches
OUTPUT: TITLE: Peach Cardamom Toast | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 2 teaspoons sugar; 1/8 teaspoon (rounded) ground cardamom; 2 4x6-inch sourdough or French bread slices; 2 teaspoons margarine or butter substitute; 2 small peaches, sliced | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine sugar and cardamom in small bowl. Toast bread. Immediately spread with margarine. Top with peach slices, sprinkle with cardamom sugar and serve. Combine sugar and cardamom in small bowl. Toast bread. Immediately spread with margarine. Top with peach slices, sprinkle with cardamom sugar and serve. <END>
INPUT: herb, apple, virgin olive oil, lemon zest lemon, cilantro, parsley, rosemary
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lemon-Herb Grilled Chicken with Apple, Celery and Snap Pea Slaw | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/3 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 1 tablespoon lemon zest plus 3 tablespoons lemon juice; 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh cilantro; 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh parsley; 1 teaspoon finely chopped fresh rosemary; 1 teaspoon finely chopped fresh thyme; 1/2 teaspoon finely chopped fresh oregano; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 3 cloves garlic, minced; 4 thinly sliced boneless, skinless chicken breast pieces (see Cook's Note); Vegetable oil, for oiling the grill grates; 1/4 cup olive oil; 1/4 cup lemon juice; 3 tablespoons white wine vinegar | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. For the chicken: Mix together the olive oil, lemon zest and juice, cilantro, parsley, rosemary, thyme, oregano, salt, pepper and garlic in a 1-gallon ziptop bag. Add the chicken and massage the marinade into the meat until evenly coated. Seal the bag and place in the refrigerator. Let the chicken marinate at least 2 hours. For the apple, celery and snap pea slaw: In a small bowl, combine the olive oil, lemon juice, vinegar and agave. Season with salt and pepper. In a large bowl, combine the peas, cilantro, apples, celery, jalapeno and onion. Add the vinaigrette t <END>
INPUT: American, shepherd, venison shoulder, pork shanks, salt, pepper, olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Shepherd's Pie | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 3 lb boneless venison shoulder*, trimmed and cut into 1-inch pieces; 3 pork shanks** (3 lb total), trimmed of any skin and excess fat, boned, and cut into 1-inch pieces; 1 teaspoon salt; 1/4 teaspoon black pepper; 1/4 cup olive oil; 2 medium onions, chopped; 5 garlic cloves, finely chopped; 1 cup water; 1 head of garlic (2 inches in diameter), cloves separated and left unpeeled; 2 lb large yellow-fleshed potatoes such as Yukon Gold (about 4); 3/4 cup heavy cream; 1/2 cup whole milk; 1 stick (1/2 cup) unsalted butter, cut into bits; 1 teaspoon salt; 1/4 teaspoon black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Make meat filling: Pat venison and pork dry, then sprinkle with salt and pepper. Heat a dry 5- to 6-quart wide heavy pot (not nonstick) over moderately high heat until hot but not smoking, then sauté one third of meat in 1 tablespoon oil, stirring and turning occasionally, until browned all over, 2 to 3 minutes. Transfer browned meat with a slotted spoon to a bowl. Sauté remaining meat in 2 batches in same manner, using 1 tablespoon oil per batch and transferring to bowl as cooked. Add remaining tablespoon oil to pot, then sauté onions and garlic, stirring, until browned, about 6 minutes. Retu <END>
INPUT: walnut, orange blossom honey, walnut oil virgin, Kosher salt, thyme rosemary leaves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Walnut-Thyme Honey | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup walnut pieces; 3/4 cup orange blossom honey; 1/2 cup walnut oil or extra-virgin olive oil; Kosher salt, freshly ground pepper; 1 tablespoon fresh thyme or rosemary leaves plus 2 sprigs; 1/4 teaspoon finely grated lemon zest; 4 whole dried chiles de árbol; Ingredient info: Chiles de árbol can be found at better supermarkets and at Latin American markets | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 325°F. Spread the walnuts on a rimmed baking sheet. Bake, stirring occasionally, until lightly browned and fragrant, about 15 minutes. Let cool. Coarsely chop; set aside. Whisk honey and oil in a medium bowl to blend. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Fold in walnuts, thyme, and lemon zest. Add chiles. Divide between two 8-ounce jars. Cover and chill. DO AHEAD: Can be made 1 month ahead. Keep chilled. Stir before using. Preheat oven to 325°F. Spread the walnuts on a rimmed baking sheet. Bake, stirring occasionally, until lightly browned and fragrant, about 15 minutes. Let c <END>
INPUT: American, steak, prime roast, Bobby Flay's Spice, Kosher salt, canola oil, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Smoked Prime Rib with Red Wine Steak Sauce | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: One 4-rib prime rib roast (6 to 8 pounds), untrimmed; 1 cup Bobby Flay's Spice Rub for Pork and Beef, recipe follows; Kosher salt; 2 tablespoons canola oil; 8 cloves garlic, chopped; 2 shallots, chopped; 2 plum tomatoes, chopped; 1 cup plus 2 tablespoons dry red wine; 1 cup ketchup; 1/4 cup golden raisins; 2 tablespoons molasses; 2 tablespoons brown sugar; 1 heaping tablespoon horseradish; 1 heaping tablespoon Dijon mustard; 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: Hickory wood chips, soaked in cold water for 2 hours For the prime rib: Rub the prime rib with the spice rub, put in the refrigerate on a rack set over a baking sheet (uncovered) and let marinate for at least 4 hours and up to 8 hours. For the red wine steak sauce: Heat the oil in a medium saucepan over medium heat. Add the garlic and shallots and cook until soft, about 2 minutes. Add the tomatoes, increase the heat to high and cook until softened, about 5 minutes. Add the wine, ketchup, 1/2 cup water, raisins, molasses, brown sugar, horseradish, Dijon mustard, Worcestershir <END>
INPUT: Italian, Olive oil, onion, garlic, bell pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tomato and Basil Flounder | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: Olive oil, for sauteing; 1/2 onion, chopped; 3 cloves garlic, chopped; 1 red bell pepper, cut in strips; 1 green bell pepper, cut in strips; 6 plum tomatoes, diced; 1/4 cup water; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 tablespoons dry oregano, plus more for seasoning; 2 to 3 big leaves fresh basil; 12 asparagus stalks; 4 (1/4 pound) medium flounder fillets; Garlic powder; Chopped parsley, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Coat a large saute pan with oil. Saute, over medium heat, onion and garlic until onions are translucent. Add peppers. Cook approx. 2 minutes. Then add tomatoes and 1/4 cup water. Season with salt and black pepper to taste. Add oregano and basil. Cook for approximately 10 minutes, contents should be juicy. Add asparagus. Cook another 5 minutes. Rinse fish in cold water. Season with a pinch of salt, black pepper, oregano, and garlic powder. Separate ingredients in saute pan. Push all solid ingredients to one side. Gently lay fish in hot liquid, try not to let fillets overlap. Cover. Cook 5 to 10 <END>
INPUT: escalope, butter, shallots, mushrooms, sea salt, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Escalope of Salmon | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons butter; 4 shallots, peeled and sliced; 4 mushrooms, thinly sliced; 3/4 teaspoon sea salt; 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 1 1/4 cups dry white wine; 1 1/4 cups clam juice or fish stock; 1 cup heavy cream; Tabasco pepper sauce; Squeeze of fresh lemon; Olive oil for brushing; 1 (2pound) fillet of salmon; 1/2 cup brunoise of cucumber (small dice); 1/2 cup brunoise of yellow summer squash (small dice); 1/2 cup brunoise of tomato (small dice) | INSTRUCTIONS: Prepare White Wine Sauce: Melt the butter in a saucepan and add the shallots, mushrooms, salt and pepper and cook until soft, 3 to 4 minutes. Increase heat to high, add the wine and reduce by half. Add the clam juice and again reduce by half. Strain sauce into a clean saucepan and add the cream. Bring to a boil and reduce slightly until sauce begins to thicken. Adjust seasoning with salt, pepper, Tabasco pepper sauce and lemon if needed. Preheat the broiler as hot as possible. Brush 4 large dinner plates lightly with olive oil. Slice the salmon in very thin escalopes and cover each plate compl <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, lemon flavored olive, Israeli couscous, shelled unsalted roasted, hot water, Kosher salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Toasted Israeli Couscous | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons lemon-flavored olive oil, plus more as needed; 2 cups Israeli couscous; 1/4 cup shelled unsalted roasted pistachios, coarsely chopped; 2 1/4 cups hot water; Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper; 6 dried Turkish apricots, chopped; 2 scallions, sliced | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat the oil in a saucepan over medium heat. Add the couscous and pistachios and cook, stirring, until toasted and light golden brown, about 7 minutes. Add the water, season with salt and pepper, to taste, and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat to a simmer, cover, and cook until the liquid is absorbed, about 10 minutes. Remove the lid, stir in the apricots and scallions, taste, and adjust the seasoning. Transfer the couscous to a serving bowl and serve warm with a little more lemon oil drizzled over the top, if desired. <END>
INPUT: Italian, Basic Polenta, olive oil, Parmesan, Salt, purchased marinara sauce
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fried Polenta | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 3 cups Basic Polenta, recipe follows; 2 cups olive oil, for frying; 1/4 cup grated Parmesan; Salt; 1 cup purchased marinara sauce | INSTRUCTIONS: Lightly oil an 11 by 7-inch baking dish. Transfer the hot polenta to the prepared baking dish, spreading evenly to 3/4-inch thick. Refrigerate until cold and firm, about 2 hours. Preheat the oven to 250 degrees F. Cut the polenta into 2 by 1-inch pieces. Heat the oil in a heavy large skillet over medium-high heat. Working in batches, fry the polenta pieces until golden brown on all sides, about 3 minutes per side. Using tongs, transfer the polenta pieces to paper towels and drain. Place the polenta pieces on a baking sheet and keep warm in the oven while cooking the remaining batches. Transfer <END>
INPUT: American, barbecue, ketchup, orange marmalade, Worcestershire sauce, apple cider vinegar, ancho chili powder
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spicy Orange Barbecue Sauce and Dip | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 quart ketchup (recommended: Heinz Tomato Ketchup); 2 1/4 cups orange marmalade; 6 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce (recommended: Heinz Worcestershire Sauce); 6 tablespoons apple cider vinegar (recommended: Heinz Apple Cider Vinegar); 3 teaspoons ancho chili powder | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine all ingredients in a 3-quart or larger saucepan. Bring to a boil and then reduce the heat and simmer for 10 minutes, stirring occasionally. Use to baste ribs, chicken, or pork during the last 10 minutes of cooking. Serve as a dipping sauce with wings, fried shrimp, or chicken tenders. Store in an airtight container in the refrigerator and reheat before serving, if desired. <END>
INPUT: sauce, semisweet chocolate, heavy cream, light corn syrup
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 8 ounces semisweet chocolate, such as Valrhona Equatoriale, finely chopped; 1 cup heavy cream; 1/2 cup light corn syrup | INSTRUCTIONS: Place the chocolate in a metal bowl. Combine the cream and corn syrup in a small heavy nonreactive saucepan and bring to a simmer. Pour the liquid over the chocolate and allow it to sit for 3 to 4 minutes, or until the chocolate has melted. Whisk to combine. Allow the sauce to cool slightly, then pour into a bowl or other container. (Stored in the refrigerator, tightly covered, the sauce will keep for up to 2 weeks.) To serve, warm the sauce gently in the top of a double boiler or in the microwave. Place the chocolate in a metal bowl. Combine the cream and corn syrup in a small heavy nonreacti <END>
INPUT: Italian, salad, chicken broth, couscous, onions, basil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tomato, Basil and Couscous Salad | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 2 1/4 cups canned chicken broth; 1 10-ounce box couscous; 1 cup chopped green onions; 1 cup (generous) diced seeded plum tomatoes; 1/3 cup thinly sliced fresh basil; 1/2 cup olive oil; 1/4 cup balsamic vinegar; 1/4 teaspoon dried crushed red pepper; Cherry tomatoes, halved | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring broth to boil in medium saucepan. Add couscous. Remove from heat. Cover; let stand 5 minutes. Transfer to large bowl. Fluff with fork. Cool. Mix all ingredients except cherry tomatoes into couscous. Season with salt and pepper. (Can be made 1 day ahead. Chill.) Garnish with cherry tomatoes. Bring broth to boil in medium saucepan. Add couscous. Remove from heat. Cover; let stand 5 minutes. Transfer to large bowl. Fluff with fork. Cool. Mix all ingredients except cherry tomatoes into couscous. Season with salt and pepper. (Can be made 1 day ahead. Chill.) Garnish with cherry tomatoes. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, burritos, container Minute® Ready, salsa, cheddar cheese, wheat tortillas
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken and Rice Burritos | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 container Minute® Ready to Serve Brown Rice; 1/4 cup salsa; 1/2 cup cooked, diced chicken; 1/4 cup cheddar cheese, shredded; 2 whole wheat tortillas; 1/4 cup chopped cilantro, optional; 2 Tbsps sour cream, optional | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat rice according to package directions. In a microwave-safe bowl, combine salsa and chicken. Microwave on high for 1 minute. Stir in cheese and rice. Divide mixture onto tortillas. Top with cilantro and sour cream, if desired. Cooks' notes: You can adjust the amount of ingredients based on your tastes. <END>
INPUT: American, all purpose flour, salt, ice water, onions
OUTPUT: TITLE: Onion Tart | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 12 tablespoons (1 1/2 sticks) cold unsalted butter, cut into small pieces, plus more for tart pan; 2 cups all-purpose flour, plus more for dusting; 1 1/2 teaspoons salt; 1/2 cup ice water; 1 1/2 pounds onions, finely chopped; 1 large egg, lightly beaten; 1/2 cup heavy cream; 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; Pinch of freshly grated nutmeg; 1/4 cup grated freshly grated Parmesan or Swiss cheese | INSTRUCTIONS: Butter a 10-inch tart pan with removable bottom; set aside. Prepare the crust: In a medium bowl, combine flour and 1/2 teaspoon salt. Add 8 tablespoons (1 stick) chilled butter, and combine with fingers or a pastry blender until it has the texture of coarse meal. Add 1/2 cup ice water, and stir just until a dough forms. Form into a disk, and wrap in plastic wrap. Chill for at least 15 minutes. Heat oven to 375 degrees. On a lightly floured surface, roll out dough to 1/8-inch-thick round. Fit dough into prepared tart pan; trim excess. Line with a parchment paper round, and fill with pie weights <END>
INPUT: blinis, sweet potatoes, honey, unsalted butter, milk, eggs
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sweet Potato Blinis with Cured Salmon, Creme Fraiche, and Caviar | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 large sweet potatoes, peeled and cut into 2-inch pieces; 2 tablespoons honey; 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened, plus 2 ounces; 1 cup milk; 2 large eggs, lightly beaten; 1 1/2 cups all-purpose flour; 1 tablespoon baking powder; 1 teaspoon salt; 1/2 teaspoon cayenne pepper; 1/4 cup creme fraiche; 2 ounces caviar, your choice; 1/2 pound gravlax or other cured salmon, sliced thinly; Dill sprigs, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Place prepared sweet potatoes in a medium saucepan and cover with water. Add 1/2 teaspoon salt. Bring to a boil, and cook until the potatoes are tender and can be mashed easily with a fork. Drain well and return to the saucepan. Add the honey and 4 tablespoons of the butter and mash until smooth. If possible, puree this mixture in food mill. In a small bowl, combine the milk and eggs and stir in the sweet potato puree. In another bowl, stir together the flour, baking powder, salt and cayenne. Add the dry ingredients to the sweet potatoes and stir until just blended. Melt the remaining butter a <END>
INPUT: vegetable, kebabs, saffron threads, zucchini, bell peppers, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Vegetable Kebabs with Saffron Butter | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 tablespoons (3/4 stick) butter; 1/4 teaspoon saffron threads; 3 medium zucchini, each cut crosswise into 6 rounds; 2 large red bell peppers, stemmed, seeded, cut into 1/2-inch squares; 1/2 red onion, cut into 1-inch pieces; 2 ears fresh corn, each cut into 6 rounds; 6 10-inch bamboo skewers, soaked in water 30 minutes, drained | INSTRUCTIONS: Melt butter in heavy small skillet over medium heat. Stir in saffron. Cool 1 hour. Alternate 3 zucchini rounds, 3 red bell pepper squares, 3 red onion pieces, and 2 corn rounds on each skewer. Prepare barbecue (medium heat). Brush kebabs with all but 2 tablespoons saffron butter. Season with salt and pepper; grill until vegetables are tender and brown, turning frequently, about 20 minutes. Brush with remaining butter. Melt butter in heavy small skillet over medium heat. Stir in saffron. Cool 1 hour. Alternate 3 zucchini rounds, 3 red bell pepper squares, 3 red onion pieces, and 2 corn rounds o <END>
INPUT: cake, sugar, all purpose flour, baking soda, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lemon Buttermilk Cake | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup (2 sticks) unsalted butter, plus more for greasing, at room temperature; 1 3/4 cups sugar; 2 2/3 cups all-purpose flour, plus more for dusting; 1/2 teaspoon baking soda; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 1 1/4 cups buttermilk; 1 tablespoon lemon zest; 5 tablespoons lemon juice; 4 large eggs, at room temperature; 3/4 cup confectioners' sugar, plus more as needed | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. Preheat the oven to 350°F. Generously grease and flour a (9-inch) Bundt pan or line 36 muffin tins with paper liners. 2. In a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, combine the butter and sugar and beat on medium speed until the mixture is smooth and light in texture, about 5 minutes. While the butter is beating, sift together the flour, baking soda, and salt, and set aside. In a small bowl, combine the buttermilk, lemon zest, and 4 tablespoons of the lemon juice and set aside. 3. Add the eggs to the butter-sugar mixture, one at a time, beating well and scraping down the bowl after  <END>
INPUT: chips, Vegetable oil, plantains, limes, Salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Plantain Chips | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Vegetable oil, for frying; 2 green plantains, peeled; 2 limes, zested and juiced; Salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat 1-inch of oil in a deep sided skillet over medium-high heat to 360 degrees F. Using a mandoline or sharp knife, slice plantains into 1/8-inch thick ovals on the diagonal. Carefully add plantains to the oil in batches and fry until a tap with a metal spoon sounds hollow, about 1 minute. Remove to a paper towel-lined plate. Sprinkle lightly with lime zest, lime juice and salt. Transfer to a serving plate and serve. <END>
INPUT: Kosher salt, rosemary, garlic, virgin olive
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Leg of Lamb with Artichokes, Fennel and Red Bliss Potatoes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 (8 to 10-pound) leg of lamb, boned*, reserving bones; Kosher salt; 8 sprigs rosemary, finely chopped (about 1/4 cup); 6 cloves garlic, thinly sliced; Extra-virgin olive oil1 (8 to 10-pound) leg of lamb, boned*, reserving bones; 1 lemon, cut in 1/2; 12 baby artichokes; 2 bulbs fennel, cut into 1/4-inch slices; 2 pounds red bliss potatoes, about 20, cut into quarters; 10 whole garlic cloves; 1/2 teaspoon crushed red pepper; 1 bottle dry white wine; 1 bundle thyme, about 10 sprigs tied together with string; 5 bay leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Cut the lamb into 2 equal halves and butterfly each half. Remove any huge gobs of fat. Don't try to get it all. Fat tastes good and adds lots of moisture. Sprinkle each piece of the meat generously with salt, chopped rosemary, and sliced garlic. Drizzle the meat with olive oil. Massage the salt, rosemary, garlic and oil into the lamb. Be sure to try and get the cracks and crevices filled with the yummy tasting stuff. Roll each piece of lamb and tie with butcher twine. Sprinkle generously with salt. Reserve while you prepare the  <END>
INPUT: oven roaster capon, herbs thyme, garlic skins, liquid, unsalted butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Oven Roaster with Fresh Herbs and Garlic and Roasted Potatoes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 7 1/2 pound oven roaster or capon; 1 cup fresh herbs on stalks or 1 tablespoon dried thyme, rosemary and tarragon; 5 to 6 whole garlic cloves in skins; 1 cup liquid (water, broth, wine or a combo) for deglazing; 1 tablespoon unsalted butter; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1/4 cup chopped parsley; 2 pounds Yukon Gold potatoes, scrubbed clean and cut in 1/4th lengthwise so they are more like wedges | INSTRUCTIONS: Remove wing tips (save for stock) and cut out wish bone. Preheat the oven to 500 degrees. Remove giblet package (save all but liver for stock pot). Pat the capon dry. Remove fat from tail and neck of chicken. Stuff cavity with herbs and garlic cloves. Season skin with salt and immediately set roaster in pan and set in oven. After 15 minutes, remove the pan from the oven (making sure to close oven door), give bird a shake so it does not stick to bottom of pan and return to oven for 30 minutes. Meanwhile, scrub potatoes clean, leave skin on and cut, lengthwise into quarters so you have long pota <END>
INPUT: dipped, frozen, bananas, wooden popsicle, semisweet chocolate, unsalted butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate-Dipped Frozen Bananas | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 8 medium bananas, peeled; 8 wooden popsicle sticks; 32 ounces semisweet chocolate, chopped or chips; 4 tablespoons unsalted butter | INSTRUCTIONS: Dipping decorations: granola, chopped nuts, sprinkles, jimmies, crushed cookies, and toasted coconut Line a sheet pan with waxed paper. Cut 1-inch off the end of each banana. Insert a popsicle stick into the cut-end of each banana, pushing the stick halfway in, leaving the other end exposed for use as a handle. Place the bananas on the sheet pan and freeze 1 hour. Melt the chocolate and butter in a bowl over a saucepan of simmering water, stirring occasionally. Arrange the dipping decorations on several flat plates. Working with 1 banana at a time, dip it in the chocolate and turn to completel <END>
INPUT: American, cremini mushrooms, salt, pepper, wine
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Cheese with Sauteed Mushrooms | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/4 sticks (10 tablespoons) unsalted butter; 1 pound cremini mushrooms, trimmed and chopped; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/4 teaspoon black pepper; 1/3 cup dry white wine; 1/2 pound chilled Italian Fontina, rind discarded and cheese coarsely grated (2 cups); 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh flat-leaf parsley; 16 very thin slices firm white sandwich bread; About 1/2 teaspoon white-truffle oil (optional) | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat 2 tablespoons butter in a 12-inch heavy nonstick skillet over moderately high heat until foam subsides, then cook mushrooms with salt and pepper, stirring occasionally, until liquid mushrooms give off is evaporated, about 8 minutes. Add wine and boil, stirring occasionally, until liquid is evaporated, about 5 minutes. Cool mushrooms to room temperature, about 10 minutes. Toss mushrooms with cheese and parsley in a bowl. Divide cheese mixture among 8 slices of bread (a scant 1/2 cup per slice), spreading evenly, then top with remaining 8 slices. Heat 1 tablespoon butter in cleaned skillet  <END>
INPUT: American, cole, slaw, cabbage, carrots, Dijon mustard
OUTPUT: TITLE: Blue Cheese Cole Slaw | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 small head green cabbage; 1/2 small head red cabbage; 4 large carrots, scrubbed or peeled; 2 cups (16 ounces) good mayonnaise; 1/4 cup Dijon mustard; 2 tablespoons whole grain mustard; 2 tablespoons apple cider vinegar; 1 teaspoon celery salt; 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt; 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 1 1/2 cups (6 ounces) crumbled Roquefort blue cheese; 1 cup chopped fresh parsley leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: Cut the cabbages in half and then in quarters and cut out the cores. Set up the food processor with the slicing blade (according to manufacturer's instructions) and place the pieces of cabbage, one at a time, lying horizontally in the feed tube. (If they don't fit, cut them to fit lying down.) Place the feed tube pusher on top and turn on the processor. Don't push on the feed tube pusher or the slices will turn out too thick! Continue with the remaining red and green cabbage quarters. Transfer into a large bowl, discarding any very large pieces. Before you pour the dressing on the salad, save  <END>
INPUT: roast, salad, virgin olive oil, balsamic vinegar, garlic, chicken breast halves, arugula
OUTPUT: TITLE: Balsamic Roast Chicken with Arugula and Tomato Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 3 tablespoons balsamic vinegar; 2 garlic cloves, pressed; 4 large chicken breast halves with skin and bone; 8 cups arugula (about 4 ounces); 2 cups cherry tomatoes (about 10 ounces), halved; 1 cup Parmesan cheese shavings | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 450°F. Whisk oil, vinegar, and garlic in small bowl to blend. Season dressing generously with salt and pepper. Transfer 1/4 cup dressing to large resealable plastic bag. Add chicken and turn to coat. Let marinate 10 minutes. Place chicken, skin side up and still coated with marinade, onto rimmed baking sheet. Roast until brown and cooked through, about 25 minutes. Meanwhile, combine arugula, tomatoes, and cheese in large bowl. Mix in all but 2 tablespoons of remaining dressing. Divide salad among 4 plates. Cut chicken off bone. Slice chicken crosswise on slight diagonal. Overla <END>
INPUT: julep, glaze, beef broth, bourbon, wine vinegar, pork chops
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pork Chops and Sugar Snap Peas with Mint Julep Glaze | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup beef broth; 6 tablespoons bourbon, divided; 1 tablespoon (packed) dark brown sugar; 1/4 teaspoon white wine vinegar; 2 3/4-inch-thick pork rib chops; Ground allspice; 1 tablespoon butter; 4 ounces sugar snap peas; 1/4 cup chopped fresh mint | INSTRUCTIONS: Stir broth, 3 tablespoons bourbon, sugar, and vinegar in small bowl until sugar dissolves. Sprinkle pork with salt, pepper, and allspice. Melt butter in medium nonstick skillet over medium-high heat. Add pork. Sauté until just cooked through, about 4 minutes per side (butter will brown). Transfer pork to platter. Add bourbon mixture to skillet and bring to boil. Add sugar snap peas and cook until crisp-tender, about 2 minutes. Using slotted spoon, scatter peas over pork. Remove skillet from over heat. Add remaining 3 tablespoons bourbon to sauce in skillet. Boil over high heat until sauce is r <END>
INPUT: Mexican, city, unsalted butter, shallots, mushrooms, cilantro, jalapeno peppers
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spicy City Chicken | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 4 shallots, diced; 4 large mushrooms, thinly sliced; 1 bunch cilantro, stems and leaves separated; 2 jalapeno peppers, chopped with seeds; 2 tablespoons ground cumin; 2 cups chicken stock or canned broth; 3/4 cup heavy cream; 2 egg yolks; 3 tablespoons palm sugar or brown sugar; 1/4 cup red wine vinegar; 3 pounds boneless chicken breasts and thighs; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 tablespoons vegetable oil; 1 tablespoon fresh lime juice | INSTRUCTIONS: Make the sauce by melting butter in a skillet. Cook shallots and mushrooms until soft and golden, about 10 minutes. Add cilantro stems and 1/2 the leaves, jalapeno peppers, and cumin, lower heat and cook for 5 minutes. Add chicken stock. Turn heat to high and cook until liquid is reduced by half. Add cream and return to a boil. Remove from heat. Puree in a blender, strain, and return to heat. Whisk egg yolks, sugar, and vinegar together in a small bowl. Pour one cup pureed sauce into egg mixture to temper. Then combine egg mixture and puree, and cook over low heat, stirring constantly, until s <END>
INPUT: caviar, canning pickling salt, water, skeins, olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fresh Chum Salmon Caviar | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 cups canning or pickling salt; 1 gallon cold water; 2 skeins (egg sacks) fresh chum salmon eggs (Eggs of other salmon species may be substituted, but curing time will be different as noted below); 1 to 2 tablespoons olive oil | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large glass or stainless steel container, mix salt into water, stirring thoroughly until dissolved. With wire-mesh deep frying basket or other 1/4-inch metal screen, gently separate eggs from egg sack over bowl, by rubbing sack along screen. Take care not to scrape membrane from the egg sack, even if it means leaving some eggs behind. Pour brine mixture over eggs and allow to soak 12 minutes, stirring occasionally. (Soaking times for other salmon species: Sockeye or Red: 6 minutes; Pink or Humpy: 8 minutes; Coho or Silver: 10 minutes; King or Chinook: 14 minutes). While eggs soak, use twe <END>
INPUT: scampi, rice cereal, pine nuts, garlic, parsley, olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Salmon Scampi | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 cup finely crushed brown rice cereal; 1/4 cup pine nuts, finely chopped; 4 cloves garlic, finely chopped; 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh parsley; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 2 tablespoons dry vermouth or vegetable broth; 1/2 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; One 2 1/2-pound side of salmon, with skin on; Lemon wedges, for serving | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper. Stir together the cereal crumbs, pine nuts, garlic, parsley, oil, vermouth, crushed red pepper and 1 teaspoon salt in a small bowl. Place the salmon, skin-side down, on the prepared baking sheet. Sprinkle generously with salt and black pepper and cover completely with the cereal crumb mixture. Bake until cooked through, about 20 minutes. Serve with lemon wedges. <END>
INPUT: Italian, timballo, layered, bread crumbs, eggplant, penne pasta until, hardboiled egg, bolognese ragu
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pasta Timballo Layered With Eggplant, Bolognese Ragu, Hardboiled Egg And Scamorza Cheese | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup bread crumbs; 1 small eggplant, peeled and sliced thin (1/16-inch); 2 cups penne pasta cooked until al dente; 1/4 cup sliced hardboiled egg; 6 ounces bolognese ragu, recipe follows; Fresh basil leaves, as much as you like; 1/4 cup pecorino; 2 ounces tomato sauce; 1/2 cup scamorza cheese grated; 10 ounces salt pork or pancetta, rendered; 1 quart water; 1 cup diced carrots; 2/3 cup diced celery; 1/2 cup diced onion; 1 1/4 pounds boneless ground beef, pork and veal | INSTRUCTIONS: To assemble, brush bottom of clay bowl* or oven-proof bowl with olive oil. Sprinkle bread crumbs evenly around surface. Place half eggplant strips in the clay all around circumference, with half laying over sides of clay. In a mixing bowl toss pasta with egg, bolognese, basil, and pecorino cheese together. Season with salt and pepper (you may add garlic here, red pepper flakes, etc). Place the mixture in the clay. Top with rest of the sliced eggplant and close top with the overhang of eggplant. Remember to start at the opening so each slice closes the other. Spread tomato sauce over the eggpla <END>
INPUT: monterey, sardines, lemon juice, garlic, olive oil, water
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Monterey Sardines | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 5 ounces fresh sardines; 1-ounce lemon juice; 2 garlic cloves, chopped; 1/2 cup olive oil; 1/3 cup water; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 2 ripe tomatoes, chopped; 3 green onions, chopped; 4 cloves garlic, chopped; 1/4 cup chopped basil leaves; 1/2 cup chopped red onions; 1/3 cup chopped parsley; 1/4 cup olive oil; 3 tablespoon crushed red pepper; 1/4 teaspoon salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Whisk together all marinade ingredients and marinate the sardines for 2 hours For the Salsa: Mix all the ingredients in a large bowl. Preheat grill to medium heat. Lightly oil the grill. Place the sardines on the preheated grill and discard marinade. Cook sardines for 5 to 7 minutes (depending on size) or until they flake easily with a fork. Serve with angel hair pasta, and/or antipasto salad, if desired. <END>
INPUT: parfait, sugar, egg yolks, light corn syrup, amaretto, almonds
OUTPUT: TITLE: Toasted Almond Parfait | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup sugar; 6 large egg yolks; 1/4 cup light corn syrup; 3 tablespoons amaretto; 1/2 cup plus 3 tablespoons finely chopped toasted almonds; 2 cups chilled whipping cream; 2 teaspoons vanilla extract; 2 ounces bittersweet (not unsweetened) or semisweet chocolate, finely chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: Using handheld electric mixer, beat sugar, egg yolks, corn syrup, and amaretto in large metal bowl to blend. Place bowl over saucepan of simmering water (do not allow bottom of bowl to touch water). Beat until candy thermometer registers 160°F and parfait base is thick and billowy, about 8 minutes. Remove bowl from over water. Continue to beat parfait base until cool, about 7 minutes. Fold in 1/2 cup almonds. Beat cream and vanilla in another large bowl until soft peaks form. Fold cream into cool parfait base in 3 additions. Transfer parfait to 13x9x2-inch glass baking dish. Cover and freeze u <END>
INPUT: Indian, veal demiglace stock, Tawny Port, wine Cabernet Sauvignon, vanilla bean, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Poached Duck Foie Gras with Grape Chutney | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups veal demiglace or stock; 1 cup Tawny Port; 1 cup dry red wine such as Cabernet Sauvignon; 1 vanilla bean, halved lengthwise; 4 teaspoons cracked black pepper; 1 1/4 lb seedless red grapes (on stems); 1 (1-lb) piece raw Grade A duck foie gras at room temperature, cleaned and deveined; 1 tablespoon kosher salt; Accompaniments: sea salt, sliced country loaf, and grape chutney | INSTRUCTIONS: Make poaching liquid: Combine demiglace, Port, red wine, vanilla bean, and 2 teaspoons pepper in a 4-quart heavy saucepan. Lightly crush grapes in a bowl with your hands and add to pan (including stems) with any juices. Bring to a boil, then reduce heat and simmer, uncovered, 30 minutes. Transfer to a bowl and discard grape stems (don't worry if some small stems remain attached). Cool to room temperature, about 2 hours. Sprinkle foie gras with kosher salt and remaining 2 teaspoons pepper and cook in dry cleaned saucepan over moderately low heat until bottom is pale golden (do not brown), about <END>
INPUT: salad, cucumbers, garlic, wine vinegar, water, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cucumber Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 cucumbers; 1 garlic clove; 1 cup white wine vinegar; 1 cup water; 1/2 cup sugar; 2 teaspoons salt; Fresh ground black pepper; 2 tablespoons chopped parsley; 1/2 small red onion, sliced into rings | INSTRUCTIONS: Score cucumbers with a fork and cut into slices. Place them in a deep jar with the garlic and chill overnight. Combine the vinegar, water, sugar, and salt in a saucepan and bring to a boil. Remove from the heat immediately and chill it over an ice bath. Pour the dressing over the cucumbers and season with pepper and parsley. Chill covered overnight. Serve in a decorative bowl; garnish with red onion rings. <END>
INPUT: American, french, eggs, coconut, sugar, buttermilk
OUTPUT: TITLE: French Coconut Pie | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 3 large eggs; 2 cups store-bought frozen grated coconut, thawed; 11/2 cups sugar; 1/2 cup buttermilk, well shaken; 1/2 cup (1 stick) unsalted butter, melted; 1 tablespoon all-purpose flour; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; 1 deep-dish unbaked 9-inch pie shell, homemade or purchased | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. In the bowl of an electric mixer and using the whisk attachment, beat the eggs, coconut, sugar, buttermilk, butter, flour and vanilla until well combined. Your mixture may look curdled but keep beating on high until it comes together (it will still be chunky from the coconut). Pour the filling into the pie shell. Bake until lightly browned, the center of the pie doesn't jiggle when shaken lightly and a toothpick inserted into the center comes out moist but not covered with custard, 45 to 50 minutes. The coconut will rise to form <END>
INPUT: pizzette, cremini mushrooms, virgin olive oil, kosher salt, ball pizza dough, mozzarella
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Mushroom and Kale Pizzette | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 8 ounces cremini mushrooms, sliced; 1 teaspoon extra-virgin olive oil, plus more for drizzling; 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt; 1 ball store-bought pizza dough (12 to 16 ounces); 1/2 cup shredded mozzarella; 1 small bunch Tuscan kale (about 4 leaves), ribs removed, leaves sliced into ribbons; 2 ounces gorgonzola, crumbled | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: a 2-inch round cookie cutter Place a rack in the center of the oven and preheat to 475 degrees F. Toss the mushrooms with 1 teaspoon of olive and the salt and roast on a baking sheet until they are golden brown, 6 to 8 minutes. Set the mushrooms aside. Roll out the pizza dough to 1/4-inch thickness. Use a 2-inch round cookie cutter to cut out circles in the dough and transfer the circles to a parchment-lined baking sheet. Drizzle the dough circles lightly with olive oil. Place a teaspoon of mozzarella on each circle, then top with the mushrooms and kale, then the gorgonzola. <END>
INPUT: cupcakes, all purpose flour, baking soda, salt, organic honey, buttermilk
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lavender Honey Cupcakes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 1/2 cups all-purpose flour; 1 teaspoon baking soda; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 2 cups organic honey (or 1 cup baker's sugar plus 1 cup organic honey); 1 cup buttermilk; 1 cup vegetable oil; 3 large eggs; 2 tablespoons whole fresh edible French lavender flowers; 1/4 teaspoon organic lavender oil; 8 ounces mascarpone; 1/4 cup organic honey; 1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract; 1 teaspoon tangerine juice; 1/2 tablespoon tangerine zest; 1 tablespoon sanding sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: For the cupcakes: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Line 2 cupcake or muffin pans with 18 cupcake liners. Sift the flour, baking soda and salt into a medium bowl. Cream the honey, buttermilk and vegetable oil until they are immersed together, about 5 minutes, in the bowl of a stand up electric mixer with a paddle attachment. Scrape down the sides of the bowl. Add each egg one at a time, scraping down the sides after each addition. Turn the mixer on low speed and add the flour mixture about 3/4 cup at a time. Slowly add the lavender flowers and lavender oil to create a smooth batter. Fill the  <END>
INPUT: macaroons, flaked coconut, condensed milk, vanilla extract, egg whites, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Coconut Macaroons | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 14-ounce package sweetened flaked coconut; 1 14-ounce can sweetened condensed milk; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; 2 large egg whites; 1/4 teaspoon salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 325°F. Line 2 baking sheets with parchment paper. Combine flaked coconut, sweetened condensed milk and vanilla extract in large bowl. Using electric mixer, beat egg whites and salt in medium bowl to medium-firm peaks. Fold 1/3 of egg whites into coconut mixture to lighten, then fold in remaining egg whites. Drop half of coconut mixture by level tablespoonfuls onto prepared baking sheets, spacing 2 inches apart. Top each with a second level tablespoonful coconut mixture. Bake until golden, about 25 minutes. Cool macaroons on parchment paper. Slide metal spatula under macaroons t <END>
INPUT: Indian, butter, flour, Salt pepper, chicken legs thighs
OUTPUT: TITLE: Saute Chicken Breast and Vegetables with Mango Chutney and Roasted Garlic Mashed Potatoes | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon butter; 4 ounces boneless, skinless chicken breast; 2 ounces flour; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 4 ounces boneless chicken legs and thighs; 1 tablespoon fresh chopped herb mixture, rosemary, sage, thyme; Sauteed Vegetables, recipe follows; Roasted Garlic Mashed Potatoes, recipe follows; Mango Chutney, recipe follows; 1/4 head fennel, cored, peeled, to remove tough strings, and sliced thinly; 2 stalks asparagus, snapped where tender, peeled, and cut into 2-inch lengths; 1/4 rutabaga, cut into 1-inch pieces and tourneed (football shaped); 1 tablespoon olive oil; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 (5-ounce) baking potato, like russet, peeled and diced | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. In saute pan over medium heat, add the butter and melt. Dredge the chicken breast in flour and place in the pan, skin side down, and saute until golden brown, about 4 to 6 minutes. Then flip and sprinkle with seasoning salt and roast in the oven until cooked through. The internal temperature should be 160 degrees F on an instant-read thermometer. Pound thigh and leg portions to 1/4 inch thick and sprinkle with herbs and seasoning salt. Roll up and place in a smoker until a medium dark smoke color is obtained, about 10 minutes. Finish in the oven as necessary. The <END>
INPUT: spice, coated, cumin seeds, unsweetened cocoa powder, mild roast coffee, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spice-Coated Rack of Lamb for Two with Arugula, Avocado, and Blood Orange Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 heaping tablespoon whole cumin seeds; 1 tablespoon unsweetened cocoa powder; 1 tablespoon mild-roast coffee, finely ground; 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 1 (8-bone; 24-to 26-ounce) rack of lamb; 3 tablespoons canola oil; 1 1/2 teaspoons kosher salt; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 2 garlic cloves, peeled and smashed with back of knife; 3 sprigs fresh thyme; Juice of 1 blood orange (about 1/4 cup); 1 tablespoon shallot, minced (from 1 small shallot); 3/4 teaspoon flaky sea salt; 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Make lamb: Pre-heat oven to 400°F. Using spice or coffee grinder, grind cumin to semi-fine powder, then transfer to small bowl. Whisk in cocoa powder, coffee, and pepper. Rub exposed lamb bones with 1 tablespoon canola oil, then wrap each bone in foil, covering bones completely and leaving meat uncovered. Sprinkle both sides of uncovered lamb with kosher salt, then rub with spice mixture. In heavy, 12-inch oven-safe sauté pan over high heat, heat remaining 2 tablespoons canola oil until hot but not smoking. Sear rack, meat side down, moving occasionally to prevent sticking, until deep golden b <END>
INPUT: italian, pancetta, onions, garlic, dark beer, tomato sauce
OUTPUT: TITLE: Italian-Style Baked Beans | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 ounces thinly sliced pancetta, chopped; 2 onions, chopped; 4 garlic cloves, minced; 1 cup dark beer; 1 cup tomato sauce; 1/3 cup dark brown sugar; 1/4 cup balsamic vinegar; 3 tablespoons mild-flavored molasses; 6 teaspoons Dijon mustard; 3/4 teaspoon salt; 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 4 (15-ounce) cans cannellini beans, drained | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Cook the pancetta in a heavy large oven-safe pot over medium heat until crisp, about 8 minutes. Add the onions and garlic, and saute until the onions are translucent, about 5 minutes. Mix in the beer, tomato sauce, brown sugar, vinegar, molasses, mustard, salt, and pepper. Stir in the beans. Bring to a simmer. Transfer to the oven and bake, uncovered, until the bean mixture bubbles and thickens slightly, stirring occasionally, about 45 minutes. <END>
INPUT: Indian, chutney, loosely mint leaves, pineapple, onion, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pineapple and Mint Chutney | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cups loosely packed fresh mint leaves, rinsed, spun dry, and chopped fine; a 4 1/2-pound pineapple, peeled, cored, and cut into 1/3-inch dice; 1/3 cup minced red onion; 1/4 cup sugar, or to taste | INSTRUCTIONS: In a bowl combine the mint with the pineapple, the onion, the sugar, and a pinch of salt and stir the mixture until it is combined well. Let the chutney stand, covered, for 1 hour. The chutney may be made 1 week in advance and kept covered and chilled. Serve the chutney with grilled meat and fish. In a bowl combine the mint with the pineapple, the onion, the sugar, and a pinch of salt and stir the mixture until it is combined well. Let the chutney stand, covered, for 1 hour. The chutney may be made 1 week in advance and kept covered and chilled. Serve the chutney with grilled meat and fish. <END>
INPUT: radishes, unsalted butter, lemon juice, dill
OUTPUT: TITLE: Steamed Radishes with Lemon Dill Butter | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound radishes, trimmed and sliced thin (about 4 cups); 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 2 teaspoons fresh lemon juice, or to taste; 4 teaspoons finely chopped fresh dill | INSTRUCTIONS: In a steamer set over boiling water steam the radishes, covered, for 5 minutes, or until they are just tender. In a large skillet melt the butter over moderately low heat, add the radishes, the lemon juice, the dill, and salt and pepper to taste, and heat the mixture, stirring, until the radishes are heated through. <END>
INPUT: American, casserole, boiling potatoes, unsalted butter, reduced sodium chicken, an adjustable blade
OUTPUT: TITLE: Potato Casserole | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 pounds boiling potatoes; 5 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted; 1/2 cup reduced-sodium chicken broth; Equipment: an adjustable-blade slicer | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 425°F with rack in middle. Peel potatoes and thinly slice (about 1/16 inch thick), then toss with butter, 3/4 teaspoon salt, and 1/2 teaspoon pepper. Spread evenly in a 2-quart shallow baking dish and add broth. Cover tightly with foil and bake 30 minutes. Uncover and bake until top is well-browned and most of stock is absorbed, 30 to 35 minutes more. Preheat oven to 425°F with rack in middle. Peel potatoes and thinly slice (about 1/16 inch thick), then toss with butter, 3/4 teaspoon salt, and 1/2 teaspoon pepper. Spread evenly in a 2-quart shallow baking dish and add broth. Co <END>
INPUT: Indian, shrimp, chicken, Salt pepper, oil, piece golf ball
OUTPUT: TITLE: Green Coconut Shrimp and Chicken Curry | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 12 large shrimp, peeled and deveined; 1/2 pound chicken, dark meat cut into 1/2-inch cubes; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; Cooking oil (palm oil would be best); 1/2 piece golf-ball size ginger, sliced; 2 cloves garlic, smashed; 1 onion diced; 1 small eggplant diced; 1 green pepper, julienned; 1 red pepper, julienned; 1 yellow pepper, julienned; 1 orange pepper, julienned; 2/3 can coconut milk; 2 tablespoons green curry paste; Sugar, to taste | INSTRUCTIONS: Season the shrimp and chicken with salt and pepper 15 minutes before cooking. Heat the wok over high heat, add oil, ginger and garlic and cook for 30 seconds. Add the chicken and cook half way, just until the outside isn't pink anymore. Add the onion and eggplant and cook until the onions begin to turn translucent, about 3 minutes. Add all the peppers and then the shrimp and cook, stirring, until the shrimp just start to curl and the peppers begin to soften, about 2 minutes. Add the coconut milk then green curry paste and sugar, to taste. Serve over steamed jasmine rice. <END>
INPUT: Idaho russet baking, Greek yogurt, sour cream, chives, Kosher salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Baked Potatoes with Yogurt and Sour Cream | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 Idaho russet baking potatoes; 1/2 cup Greek yogurt; 1/2 cup sour cream; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh chives, plus extra for garnish; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Wash the potatoes and place them directly on the oven baking rack. Bake for 45 to 60 minutes, until very tender when pierced with a skewer. Meanwhile, combine the yogurt, sour cream, chives, 1/2 teaspoon salt, and 1/4 teaspoon pepper and place in a serving bowl. Garnish with extra chives. Chill. When the potatoes are done, cut them down the middle and squeeze both ends. Sprinkle with salt and pepper and serve the hot baked potatoes with the cold chive dressing. <END>
INPUT: garlic, basil, onion, jumbo shrimp, olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: NFC Shrimp | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 garlic cloves, chopped; 2 bunches fresh basil, leaves chopped; 1 red onion, chopped; 24 jumbo shrimp, shelled and deveined; 1 cup olive oil; 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 1 stick salted butter; 1 1/2 cups lemon juice | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine the garlic, basil and onion in a large bowl. Add the shrimp, olive oil and black pepper. Stir and let the shrimp marinate for 30 minutes. Melt the butter and lemon juice in a saucepan over low heat. Add the butter and lemon juice to the shrimp mixture and toss. Preheat a grill to 300 degrees F. Thread the shrimp onto metal skewers. Arrange the skewers on the grill and grill until cooked through. Transfer the shrimp to a serving platter and serve. <END>
INPUT: oatmeal, cookies, dark sugar, vanilla extract, eggs, all purpose flour
OUTPUT: TITLE: Brown Sugar Oatmeal Cookies | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups packed dark brown sugar; 1 cup (2 sticks) salted butter, softened; 2 teaspoons vanilla extract; 2 eggs; 1 1/2 cups all-purpose flour; 1 teaspoon salt; 1/2 teaspoon baking soda; 3 cups old-fashioned oats | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. In the bowl of an electric mixer (or using a hand mixer), beat together the brown sugar and butter until fluffy. Beat in the vanilla. Add the eggs one at a time, scraping the bowl after each one. Mix together the flour, salt and baking soda in a medium bowl. Add it into the creamed mixture in 2 to 3 batches, mixing until just combined. Mix in the oats until just combined. Use your preferred size cookie scoop (or a regular spoon) to drop portions of dough onto baking sheets, spacing them a couple inches apart. Bake until dark and chewy, 12 to 13 minutes. If yo <END>
INPUT: salad, dressing, mango, nonfat plain yogurt, rice wine vinegar, kosher salt, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Arugula and Spinach Salad with Prosciutto and Creamy Mango Dressing | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 large ripe mango, peeled, pitted, and roughly chopped (or 1 1/4 cups frozen mango cubes, thawed); 4 teaspoons nonfat plain yogurt; 3 tablespoons rice wine vinegar; 1/4 teaspoon kosher salt; 1/8 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 12 medium asparagus spears, trimmed and lower half peeled; 3 cups (3 ounces) baby spinach leaves; 8 arugula leaves; 1/4 fresh mango, finely diced; 2 teaspoons fresh chives, sliced into 1/2-inch lengths; 1/2 teaspoon olive oil; 3 ounces prosciutto, sliced into thin ribbons*; *To thinly slice the prosciutto, pile up the slices, roll them into a cigar, then thinly slice crosswise and peel apart the resulting ribbons | INSTRUCTIONS: Make dressing In blender, purée mango, yogurt, and vinegar until silky smooth, about 1 to 2 minutes. Stir in salt and pepper and set aside. In blender, purée mango, yogurt, and vinegar until silky smooth, about 1 to 2 minutes. Stir in salt and pepper and set aside. Make salad Have ready a large bowl of ice and cold water. In medium saucepan over high heat, bring salted water to a boil. Add asparagus and boil, uncovered, until crisp-tender, about 3 minutes. Drain, then immediately plunge spears into ice water to stop cooking. Drain again and pat dry. In medium bowl, toss together spinach and ar <END>
INPUT: russet potatoes, olive oil, garlic powder, kosher salt, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Potato Wedges | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 russet potatoes, scrubbed and cut into 8 long wedges; 3 tablespoon olive oil; 1 teaspoon garlic powder; 1 teaspoon kosher salt; 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 475 degrees F. Toss the potato wedges with the olive oil, garlic powder, salt and pepper in a bowl. Lay the potatoes on a baking sheet and cook until golden brown on each side, flipping halfway through, about 12 minutes per side. When both sides are golden and the potatoes can be pierced easily with a fork, the taters are done. <END>
INPUT: Italian, chips, sea scallops, Olive oil, Salt pepper, corn tortilla chip, Avocado Puree
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Sea Scallops on Tortilla Chips with Avocado Puree and Jalapeno Pesto 2 | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 20 large sea scallops; Olive oil; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 40 blue corn tortilla chip rounds; Avocado Puree, recipe follows; Jalapeno Pesto, recipe follows; Fresh cilantro leaves, for garnish; 1/2 cup chopped fresh cilantro; 1/4 cup chopped red onion; 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 4 limes, juiced; 2 ripe Hass avocado, peeled, pitted and coarsely chopped; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 3 cups fresh cilantro leaves; 1/4 cup pine nuts | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat a grill to high. Brush the scallops on both sides with the oil and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Grill the scallops until golden brown and slightly charred and just cooked through, 2 to 3 minutes per side. Remove from the grill and slice in half into 2 coins. Spread about a tablespoon of Avocado Puree over each chip. Top the puree with a scallop, grill-side up, and top each scallop with a dollop of the Jalapeno Pesto. Garnish with cilantro leaves. Combine the cilantro, onions, oil, lime juice and avocado in a food processor and process until combined, but still chunky. Puree until smooth <END>
INPUT: sour, meringue powder, lime juice, pisco, simple syrup, bitters
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pisco Sour | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 tablespoon meringue powder; 1 ounce freshly squeezed lime juice; 2 ounces pisco; 1 3/4 teaspoons simple syrup, recipe follows; Dash bitters; Very finely grated lime zest or lime wedge, for garnish; 1 cup sugar; 1 cup water | INSTRUCTIONS: Dissolve meringue powder in lime juice. Fill a cocktail shaker with ice. Add meringue mixture, pisco, simple syrup and bitters. Cover and shake vigorously until frothy, mixed and chilled, about 45 seconds. Strain into a glass and garnish with grated zest or a wedge of lime. Put the sugar and water in a small saucepan. Cook over low heat, stirring, until the sugar dissolves. (Alternatively, heat in the microwave.) Store in a sealed container in the refrigerator for up to 1 month. Yield: about 1 1/2 cups <END>
INPUT: Mexican, crusted, boys, Two catfish fillets, all purpose flour, Cajun seasoning, Kosher salt pepper, well shaken buttermilk
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tortilla Crusted Catfish Po' Boys | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: Two 8-ounce catfish fillets; 1/2 cup all-purpose flour; 4 tablespoons Cajun seasoning; Kosher salt and finely ground black pepper; 1 cup well-shaken buttermilk; 6 corn tortillas; 4 cups vegetable oil; 1/2 cup mayonnaise; 4 hoagie rolls; 2 cups shredded iceberg lettuce; 1 large tomato, sliced; Hot sauce, such as Tabasco | INSTRUCTIONS: Cut the catfish into 2-inch strips and pat dry. Stir together the flour and 1 tablespoon of the Cajun seasoning with 1/4 teaspoon each salt and pepper. Whisk another tablespoon of the Cajun seasoning into the buttermilk. Pulse the tortillas in a food processor until finely ground with a third tablespoon of the Cajun seasoning. Add the vegetable oil to large, heavy-bottomed pot and bring to 350 degrees F over medium heat. Toss the catfish with the seasoned flour, then place the catfish in a sieve and shake off any excess flour. Divide the catfish strips into two batches. Dip the first batch in  <END>
INPUT: Asian, turnips, miso, unsalted butter, sugar, Kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Miso-Glazed Turnips | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound small turnips, trimmed, scrubbed, cut into 1" wedges; 2 tablespoons white miso; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1 teaspoon sugar; Kosher salt, freshly ground pepper; 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine turnips, miso, butter, and sugar in a medium skillet, then add water just to cover vegetables. Season with salt and pepper. Bring to a boil over medium-high heat and cook turnips, turning occasionally, until they are tender and liquid is evaporated, 15���20 minutes. Once all the liquid has cooked off, keep cooking turnips, tossing occasionally, until they are golden brown and caramelized and the sauce thickens and glazes the vegetables, about 5 minutes longer. Add lemon juice and a splash of water to pan and swirl to coat turnips. Season with salt and pepper. Combine turnips, miso, but <END>
INPUT: frittata, eggs, whipping cream, salt, pepper, olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Frittata with Asparagus, Tomato, and Fontina | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 large eggs; 2 tablespoons whipping cream; 1/2 teaspoon salt, plus a pinch; 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 1 tablespoon olive oil; 1 tablespoon butter; 12 ounces asparagus, trimmed, cut into 1/4 to 1/2-inch pieces; 1 tomato, seeded, diced; Salt; 3 ounces Fontina, diced | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the broiler. Whisk the eggs, cream, 1/2 teaspoon salt, and pepper in a medium bowl to blend. Set aside. Heat the oil and butter in a 9 1/2-inch-diameter nonstick ovenproof skillet over medium heat. Add the asparagus and saute until crisp-tender, about 2 minutes. Raise the heat to medium-high. Add the tomato and a pinch of salt and saute 2 minutes longer. Pour the egg mixture over the asparagus mixture and cook for a few minutes until the eggs start to set. Sprinkle with cheese. Reduce heat to medium-low and cook until the frittata is almost set but the top is still runny, about 2 minut <END>
INPUT: wilted, virgin olive oil, garlic, pepper, pine nuts, golden raisins
OUTPUT: TITLE: Wilted Escarole with Pine Nuts and Raisins | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Extra-virgin olive oil; 4 cloves garlic, smashed; Pinch crushed red pepper; 1/4 cup pine nuts; 1/4 cup golden raisins; 3 tablespoons red wine vinegar; 1 large bunch escarole, cut into 2-inch lengths; Kosher salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Coat a large saute pan with olive oil and toss in the garlic and crushed red pepper. Bring the pan to a medium-high heat. When the garlic is golden and very aromatic, remove it from the pan and ditch it. Add the pine nuts, raisins, vinegar and 2 tablespoons water to the pan. Bring the liquid to a boil, lower the heat and toss in the escarole. Toss the escarole to coat with the oil and vinegar mixture and season with salt. Remove the pan from the heat and cover for 1 minute. Remove the lid from the pan, toss again and taste. Adjust the seasonings, if needed. <END>
INPUT: American, sandwiches, onion, pickled banana peppers, hummus, grilled flank steak, virgin olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Steak and Hummus Sandwiches | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 red onion, thinly sliced; 1/2 cup sliced pickled banana peppers, plus 1/2 cup juice from the jar; 1/2 cup hummus; 1 pound grilled flank steak reserved from Grilled Steak With Tapenade, recipe follows; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper; 4 pocketless pitas (preferably whole wheat); 8 romaine lettuce leaves, thinly sliced; Hot sauce, for topping (optional); 1/2 cup pitted kalamata olives; 1 medium shallot; 1 clove garlic; 1 sprig rosemary, leaves stripped; 1/4 teaspoon red pepper flakes; 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat a grill or grill pan to medium high. Toss the onion, banana peppers and 1/3 cup of the pickle juice in a bowl. Whisk the hummus with 3 to 4 tablespoons water in another bowl until smooth and pourable. Thinly slice the steak against the grain, then cut crosswise into bite-size pieces. Toss with the remaining 3 tablespoons pickle juice, 1 tablespoon olive oil, and salt and pepper to taste. Brush the pitas on one side with the remaining 1 tablespoon olive oil and season with salt and pepper. Grill, oiled-side down, until lightly toasted, about 1 minute. Remove the pitas from the grill and <END>
INPUT: French, dijon, hot mustard flour, very water, cider vinegar, wine, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Dijon-Style Mustard | CUISINE: French | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 cup hot mustard flour/powder; 1/4 cup very cold water; 1 cup cider vinegar; 1 cup dry white wine; 1/2 cup minced yellow onion; 1/4 cup minced shallots; 3 tablespoons minced garlic; 1 bay leaf; 2 teaspoons black peppercorns; 4 whole juniper berries; 2 tablespoons cold fresh lemon juice; 2 teaspoons kosher salt; 2 teaspoons sugar; 1 cup hot mustard flour/powder; 1/4 cup cold water | INSTRUCTIONS: In a bowl stir together mustard flour and water to make a paste. In a saucepan combine vinegar, wine, onion, shallots, garlic, bay leaf, peppercorns, and juniper berries and bring mixture to a simmer over moderate heat. Simmer mixture until reduced by two thirds. Strain mixture, cover and chill. Stir the chilled vinegar reduction into the mustard paste. Add the lemon juice, salt and sugar and stir to combine. Let mixture stand for at least 20 minutes. Transfer the mustard mixture to a saucepan, bring to a simmer over low heat and cook for 15 minutes. Remove from heat and allow to cool. Transfe <END>
INPUT: American, beef flank steak, olive oil, balsamic vinegar, sugar, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Marinated Flank Steak with Blue Cheese Sauce | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/4 pounds beef flank steak; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1 tablespoon balsamic vinegar; 1 teaspoon brown sugar; 2 cloves garlic, minced; 2 tablespoons crumbled blue cheese; 2 tablespoons lowfat buttermilk; Dash Worcestershire sauce; 1 medium red onion; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 12 radicchio leaves; 2 tablespoons fresh chopped parsley leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Place the steak pieces between 2 pieces of plastic wrap or parchment and pound to 1/4- inch thickness. Cut into 4 equal pieces, diagonally, against the grain. In a small bowl, whisk together 1 tablespoon of the olive oil, balsamic vinegar, sugar and garlic. Put the steak into a sealable plastic bag with the marinade and let sit for 30 minutes at room temperature, or 1 hour in the refrigerator. In the meantime, in a small bowl combine the blue cheese and buttermilk with a fork, mashing until creamy. Stir in the Worcestershire and set aside. Spray a large grill pan <END>
INPUT: soup, butternut squash, apples, onion, butter, ginger
OUTPUT: TITLE: Butternut Soup | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 pounds butternut squash, peeled and cubed; 2 apples, peeled and cubed; 1 large onion, chopped; 3 tablespoons butter; 1 teaspoon ground ginger; 1/2 cup apple cider; 2 cups vegetable stock; Milk or cream | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat the butter in a soup pot and saute the onions until they are softened. Add the squash and apples and the ground ginger. Add the cider and stock, cover and cook until softened, about 25 minutes or longer. Blend the soup, thinning with additional stock if needed. Add heated milk or cream just before serving. TIP: VEGGIE SPAGHETTI Here's a great way to get your kids to eat squash! Just pierce the stem end of a spaghetti squash with a knife or metal skewer, and place on roasting sheet. Roast at 350 for about an hour, open, and create strands by pulling away the flesh with your fork. Serve wit <END>
INPUT: house, onion, pureed garlic, pepper, wine, bechamel
OUTPUT: TITLE: House Smoked Salmon with Fresh Dill and Capers | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 yellow onion, diced; 1 tablespoon pureed garlic; 1 yellow pepper, diced; 1/2 cup white wine; 2 cups bechamel, recipe follows; 1 cup cream; 8 ounces smoked salmon; 4 tablespoon capers, plus 2 tablespoons, for garnish; Salt and pepper; 1 1/2 limes, juiced; 1 tablespoon fresh chopped dill; 6 ounces cooked pasta; 3 tablespoons butter; 3 tablespoons flour; 1 quart half-and-half, warmed | INSTRUCTIONS: Saute the onions, garlic, and yellow peppers. Deglaze the pan with white wine. Add the bechamel and cream, along with the smoked salmon and 4 tablespoons capers. Slowly bring to a boil. Season, add the lime juice and fresh dill, and serve over 6 ounces cooked pasta of choice. Garnish with 2 tablespoons deep fried capers. Melt the butter. Add all the flour at once and cook until the texture is sandy. Slowly add the half-and-half, mixing well. Add the onion, cloves, and bay leaf. Simmer for approximately 45 minutes, until the floury taste is cooked out and the sauce evenly and thickly coats the  <END>
INPUT: crust, Sweet pastry dough, anise seeds, pure pumpkin, sugar, ginger
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pumpkin Tart with Anise-Seed Crust | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Sweet pastry dough; 1 tablespoon anise seeds; 1 1/2 cups pure pumpkin (from a 15-ounce can; not pie filling); 3/4 cup sugar; 1 teaspoon ground ginger; 1 teaspoon cinnamon; 3/4 teaspoon grated nutmeg; Pinch of ground cloves; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 3 large eggs, lightly beaten; 1 1/3 cups heavy cream; Equipment: an 11-by 1 1/4-inch fluted round tart pan (1 1/4 inch deep) with a removable bottom; pie weights or dried beans; Accompaniment: lightly sweetened whipped cream | INSTRUCTIONS: Make tart shell: Prepare dough, adding anise seeds to dry ingredients, and chill as directed in dough recipe. Roll out dough into a 14-inch round on a lightly floured surface with a lightly floured rolling pin, then fit into tart pan and trim excess dough. Chill until firm, at least 30 minutes. Preheat oven to 375°F with rack in middle. Lightly prick bottom of shell with a fork, then line with foil and fill with pie weights. Bake shell until side is set and edge is pale golden, about 15 minutes. Remove foil and weights and bake shell until golden all over, about 15 minutes more. Cool completel <END>
INPUT: American, calzone, skim mozzarella cheese, Salt, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Broccoli and Cheese Calzone | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 (15-ounce) container part-skim ricotta cheese; 8 ounces shredded part-skim mozzarella cheese; 1 (10-ounce) package broccoli florets, thawed and drained; Salt; Black pepper; 1 pound bread or pizza dough, thawed; 2 tablespoons grated Parmesan | INSTRUCTIONS: In a medium bowl, combine ricotta, mozzarella and broccoli. Mix well. Season with salt and black pepper. Roll dough out to a 12-inch circle. Spread cheese filling over 1 side of circle, to within 1-inch of the edge. Lift 1 side of dough and fold over so that it meets the other side, forming a half moon, and pinch the edges together to seal. Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. Transfer calzone to a large baking sheet sprinkle the top with cheese. Bake 15 minutes, until puffed up golden brown. Let stand 5 minutes before slicing. <END>
INPUT: soup, lemons, sparkling cider, granulated sugar, water
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cantaloupe Soup | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 large, or 2 small, cantaloupe (to yield 3 tightly-packed cups sliced cantaloupe); 3 lemons, juiced; 1 cup sparkling cider (nonalcoholic); 2 to 3 teaspoons granulated sugar, optional; 1/4 cup cold water, optional; 1 small cucumber, peeled, seeded and diced; Kosher salt; Freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Place the cantaloupes on a flat surface and split them in half. Scoop out and discard the seeds. Use a spoon to scoop out the flesh in small increments. The goal is to tightly pack 3 cups of cantaloupe flesh. Place the cantaloupe in the blender and add the lemon juice and cider. Puree until smooth and taste for seasoning. Add the sugar, if needed. Use the water if more liquid is needed. Pour the soup into a medium bowl. Make an ice bath to chill the soup by combining some ice cubes and cold water in the bottom of a larger bowl. Put the soup in the ice bath and store in the refrigerator until r <END>
INPUT: chunk, cookies, butter, sugar, dark sugar, egg, vanilla extract
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate Chunk Pecan Cookies | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 stick butter, softened; 1/2 cup white sugar; 1/2 cup dark brown sugar; 1 egg; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; 1 cup plus 2 tablespoons all-purpose flour; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/2 teaspoon baking soda; 1/2 cup pecans, chopped; 6 ounces good quality bittersweet or semisweet chocolate, chopped coarsely | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees. Place the butter in the bowl of an electric mixer and beat until creamy. Add the sugars and beat until light and fluffy. Add the egg and vanilla and beat well to combine. Sift together the dry ingredients and add to the batter, mixing well. Remove bowl from mixer (be sure to scrape the beater) and stir in the nuts and chocolate chunks by hand. Drop by teaspoons onto greased cookie sheets and bake 8 to 10 minutes until lightly browned. Cool 5 minutes on sheets then remove cookies with a spatula to racks to cool. <END>
INPUT: chicken breast, water, wine, bay leaves, peppercorns
OUTPUT: TITLE: Poached Chicken | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound skinless and boneless chicken breast; 2 cups water; 1/4 cup dry white wine; 2 bay leaves; 1 teaspoon whole white peppercorns; 1 cinnamon stick; 2 garlic cloves, crushed; 2 jalapeno peppers, split and seeded; 1 small onion, peeled and studded with 4 cloves; 1 carrot, peeled and coarsely chopped; 2 teaspoons coarse salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Tie the bay leaves, peppercorns, cinnamon stick and garlic together in a piece of cheesecloth as a sachet garni. Combine the water, wine, sachet garni and vegetables in a pot large enough to hold the chicken and bring to a boil. Reduce to a simmer and cook for 15 minutes, before adding the chicken breast, carefully skimming off any scum and grease that accumulates on the surface of the water. Cook the chicken at a strong simmer for 20 minutes. Turn off the heat and cool the chicken in the poaching liquid in an ice water bath. When thoroughly cold, remove the chicken breasts and keep meat refri <END>
INPUT: streusel, cake, all purpose flour, creamy peanut butter, eggs
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate and Peanut Butter Streusel Cake | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 1/4 cups all purpose flour; 2 cups (packed) golden brown sugar; 1 cup creamy peanut butter; 1/2 cup (1 stick) unsalted butter, room temperature; 3 large eggs; 1 cup whole milk; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; 1 teaspoon baking powder; 1/2 teaspoon baking soda; 1 12-ounce package semisweet chocolate chips (2 cups) | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350°F. Butter 13x9x2-inch metal baking pan. Combine first 4 ingredients in large bowl. Using electric mixer, beat on low speed until streusel is blended and crumbly. Transfer 1 cup lightly packed streusel to small bowl and reserve. Add eggs, milk, vanilla, baking powder, and baking soda to remaining streusel in large bowl. Beat at low speed until evenly moist. Increase speed to medium and beat until well blended, scraping bowl occasionally, about 3 minutes. Stir in 1 cup chips. Transfer batter to prepared pan. Sprinkle with reserved 1 cup streusel and remaining 1 cup chips. Bak <END>
INPUT: Italian, lasagna, unsalted butter, All purpose flour, virgin olive oil, cremini mushrooms, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Creamy Spinach and Mushroom Lasagna | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, at room temperature, for greasing the baking dish; All-purpose flour, for dusting; 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 12 ounces cremini mushrooms, cleaned and quartered; 1 medium onion, chopped; 1 teaspoon kosher salt; 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 2 cups heavy cream, at room temperature; 1 3/4 cups whole milk, at room temperature; 1/3 cup all-purpose flour; 2 cups grated Pecorino Romano; 2 cups shredded mozzarella; Two 5-ounce bags baby spinach, coarsely chopped; 1/4 packed cup chopped fresh basil; 2 cloves garlic, minced | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Butter a 9- by 13- by 1-inch glass or ceramic baking dish. Set aside. For the vegetables: In a large nonstick skillet, heat the oil over high heat. Add the mushrooms, onions, salt and pepper. Cook, stirring frequently, until the onions are soft and any liquid from the mushrooms has evaporated, about 20 minutes. For the sauce: In a heavy-bottomed 5-quart saucepan, bring the cream, milk and flour to a simmer over medium heat, whisking constantly for 3 minutes. Reduce the heat to low. Add the Pecorino and the mozzarella. Whisk until the cheeses have melted and t <END>
INPUT: Indian, curry, French racks lamb, wine, grainy mustard, kosher salt, whipping cream
OUTPUT: TITLE: Marinated Lamb Chops with Fenugreek Cream Curry | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 2 to 3 French-cut racks of lamb, for approximately 16 large or 20 medium-size chops; 2 cups white wine; 1 cup grainy mustard; 2 teaspoons kosher salt; 4 cups whipping cream; 1 teaspoon kosher salt; 1 teaspoon paprika; 1 teaspoon cayenne pepper; 1 tablespoon dried green fenugreek flakes (known as "kasuri methi"); 1 cup fresh lemon juice; 4 tablespoons canola oil; 2 tablespoons crushed garlic; 1 teaspoon ground turmeric | INSTRUCTIONS: Cut chops from the racks of lamb and place in a large bowl. Add the wine, mustard, and salt; cover and set aside in the refrigerator for a couple of hours. In a separate bowl, mix the cream, salt, paprika, cayenne, fenugreek flakes, and lemon juice. In a medium size heavy pot, heat the oil over medium heat. Add the garlic and saute until golden in color; add the turmeric, stir, and cook for 1 minute. Add the cream mixture, stir, and cook over low to medium heat for a few minutes. Keep warm until ready to serve. Meanwhile, preheat a grill or grill pan to medium-high heat. Remove lamb from marin <END>
INPUT: Mexican, lobster, club, envelope active yeast, sugar, milk, all purpose flour, kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lobster Club with Saffron Mayonnaise, Crispy Serrano Ham and Watercress on Chipotle Brioche | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 envelope active dry yeast; 2 tablespoons sugar; 1 1/4 cups warm whole milk; 8 cups all-purpose flour; 2 tablespoons kosher salt; 2 large eggs; 7 large egg yolks; 1/4 cup chipotle in adobo puree; 3 sticks room unsalted butter, cut into pieces and slightly softened, plus more to rub on top of the loaves; 1/4 cup pure olive oil; 8 slices thinly sliced Serrano ham; 1/4 cup red wine vinegar; 1 large pinch saffron; 1 tablespoon honey; 1 cup prepared mayonnaise | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. For the chipotle brioche: Combine the yeast, sugar and milk in a small bowl and let sit until foamy, about 5 minutes. In the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the dough hook, combine the flour and salt. Mixing on low speed, add the yeast mixture and mix until combine. Mix together the eggs, egg yolks, chipotle puree in a bowl and slowly add the mixture to the flour while continuing to mix on low speed. Mix in the butter, piece by piece until combined and continue mixing until the dough is silky and springy, about 10 minutes. Remove the dough to a lightly floured  <END>
INPUT: torta, cabbage, cucumber, radishes, jalapeno chili, wine vinegar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Seafood Torta | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup shredded green or red cabbage; 1/4 cucumber, thinly sliced; 2 radishes, thinly sliced; 1/4 jalapeno chili, finely chopped; 2 tablespoons white wine vinegar; Pinch of sugar; 1 Bolillo; 1 tablespoon mayonnaise; 1/4 pound chopped cooked seafood (shrimp, lobster, crab or salmon); 1/4 avocado, thinly sliced and 1 lime wedge | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine cabbage, cucumber, radishes, jalapeno, vinegar and sugar. Toss gently. Set aside 30 minutes. Drain.Split Bolillo lengthwise. Spread with mayonnaise. Arrange cabbage mixture on bottom of Bolillo. Arrange seafood over. Top with avocado. Squeeze lime juice over. Press Bolillo together and serve.; <END>
INPUT: herb, skinned potatoes, garlic, shallots, rosemary, thyme
OUTPUT: TITLE: Herb Roasted Red Skinned Potatoes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 pounds small red skinned potatoes, washed and halved (or quartered if they're larger); 6 whole garlic cloves, peeled; 4 medium shallots, peeled and halved with the root in tact; 3 small sprigs rosemary; 3 small sprigs thyme; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 2 tablespoons butter | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F. Melt the butter with the olive oil in a large roasting pan. Toss all of the ingredients in the butter/oil mixture to coat evenly. Roast the potatoes for about 45 minutes until golden brown and tender. Serve the potatoes with the roasted garlic and shallots all together in the same serving dish. <END>
INPUT: steaks, cauliflower, unsalted butter, Kosher salt, parsley, capers brine
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cauliflower Steaks with Caper Butter | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 large head cauliflower (about 2 1/2 pounds); 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature; Kosher salt; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley; 1 tablespoon capers in brine, strained and chopped, plus 1 teaspoon brine; Zest of 1 lemon; Freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Position an oven rack in the center of the oven, put a baking sheet on it and preheat to 450 degrees F. Cut the cauliflower through the core into 1-inch-thick steaks. It's fine if some of the end steaks break into florets; just cook them along with the rest. Put 2 tablespoons of the butter on the hot baking sheet, return the sheet to the oven and let the butter melt and bubble, about 30 seconds. Remove the baking sheet from the oven and tilt to coat it with butter. Arrange the cauliflower steaks and any stray florets on the baking sheet. Roast until the bottom of the cauliflower is dark brown  <END>
INPUT: frittata, asparagus, olive oil, kosher salt, pepper, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Asparagus and Leek Frittata | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 bunch asparagus, trimmed of tough bottom stems; 1/4 cup olive oil; 2 1/2 teaspoons kosher salt; 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 1 tablespoon sliced garlic; 2 leeks (white and pale green parts), trimmed, halved, and washed very well; 1 red onion, cut into 1/2-inch dice; 6 extra-large eggs; 1/4 cup heavy cream | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. Preheat the oven to 450°F. 2. Toss the asparagus with 1 tablespoon of the olive oil, 1 teaspoon of the salt, and 1/4 teaspoon of the pepper in a large mixing bowl. Stir in the garlic. Spread out the asparagus on a baking sheet. 3. In the same mixing bowl, toss the leeks with 2 tablespoons of the olive oil, 1 teaspoon of the salt, and 1/2 teaspoon of the pepper. Spread out the leeks on a separate baking sheet. 4. Put both baking sheets in the oven and roast the asparagus and leeks for 5 minutes. Remove the vegetables from the oven, turn once, and return to the oven for another 5 minutes, or  <END>
INPUT: parsley, garlic, bay leaves, lemons, wine
OUTPUT: TITLE: Steamed Whole Artichokes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 sprigs parsley; 4 garlic cloves; 2 bay leaves; 2 lemons, cut in half; 1/4 cup white wine; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1 quart chicken broth or water; Salt and pepper, to taste; 2 whole artichokes | INSTRUCTIONS: Put the parsley, garlic, bay leaves, lemons, wine, oil and broth in a large pot and bring to a simmer. Season the liquid with salt and pepper. In the meantime prepare the artichokes. Wash artichokes under cold water. Using a heavy stainless steel knife, cut off the stems close to the base. Pull off the lower petals that are small and tough. Cut off the top inch of the artichoke and rub with half a lemon to preserve the green color. Alternatively, you may put the artichokes in acidulated water. If you wish, trim the thorny tips of the petals with kitchen shears. Place the artichokes in the stea <END>
INPUT: hushpuppies, olive oil unsalted, onion, creamed corn, cornmeal, all purpose flour
OUTPUT: TITLE: Alligator Hushpuppies | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons olive oil or unsalted butter; 1 cup minced white onion; 32 ounces canned creamed corn; 1 pound cornmeal; 8 ounces all-purpose flour; 4 ounces milk; 2 teaspoons baking powder; 1/2 ounce sea salt; 1/2 ounce sugar; 2 pounds alligator filet; 6 ounces duck bacon; 6 ounces country ham; 1 pint vegetable oil, for frying; 16 ounces mayonnaise; 1 1/2 ounces sriracha | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: a deep-fry thermometer For the hushpuppies: Heat 1 tablespoon olive oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Add the onion and cook until beginning to show color, about 8 minutes. Let cool completely. Combine the creamed corn, cornmeal, flour, milk, baking powder, salt, sugar and sauteed onion in a large container. Cover and let sit overnight. For the honey datil sauce: Combine the mayonnaise, sriracha, pepper sauce and honey in a large bowl and mix well. Refrigerate until ready to serve, preferably at least a few hours. For the fresh horseradish aioli: Combine the mayonnais <END>
INPUT: Asian, martini, sushi grade tuna, sesame oil, Kosher salt, creme fraiche, Thai Sri Racha
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tuna Martini | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 4 ounces sushi-grade tuna, cut into 1/4-inch dice; 1 teaspoon sesame oil; Kosher salt; 2 ounces creme fraiche; 1/2 teaspoon Thai Sri Racha; 1/2 teaspoon tamari or soy sauce; 1 teaspoon finely sliced scallion; Roasted white and black sesame seeds, for garnish; 1 fried gyoza or wonton skin; 1/2 teaspoon pickled julienne ginger; 1/2 teaspoon wasabi infused flying fish roe | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine tuna with sesame oil and kosher salt, to taste. Set aside. Mix creme fraiche with Sri Racha and kosher salt, to taste. Place creme fraiche mixture in the bottom of a 6-ounce martini glass. Put seasoned tuna on top of creme fraiche. Drizzle soy sauce on top of the tuna. Sprinkle scallions and sesame seeds on top of the tuna. Gently place the fried gyoza or wonton skin on top of tuna. On either side of the skin, place julienned ginger and wasabi infused fish roe. <END>
INPUT: Chocolate Pudding Mix, milk, heavy cream, vanilla extract, Dutch processed cocoa
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate Pudding | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 3/4 cups Instant Chocolate Pudding Mix, recipe follows; 2 cups milk; 2 cups heavy cream; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; 3 ounces Dutch-processed cocoa, approximately 1 cup; 2 ounces cornstarch, approximately 1/2 cup; 6 ounces confectioners' sugar, approximately 1 1/2 cups; 1 1/2 ounces instant non-fat dry milk, approximately 1/2 cup; 1 teaspoon salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Place 1 3/4 cups of dry pudding mix into a medium saucepan. Add milk and heavy cream and whisk to combine. Over medium heat, bring mixture to a boil, continuously whisking gently. Reduce heat to low and cook for 4 minutes while continuing to whisk. Remove from heat and stir in vanilla. Pour the mixture through a sieve and into individual dishes or a 1 1/2-quart serving dish. Cover the surface of the pudding with plastic wrap. Place in the refrigerator to chill completely before serving, approximately 4 hours. In a large bowl or plastic container with a lid, combi <END>
INPUT: Asian, mapo, Sichuan peppercorns, low sodium chicken, hot bean paste, cornstarch, hot sesame oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mapo Tofu | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 2 teaspoons whole Sichuan peppercorns; 1 cup low-sodium chicken broth; 3 tablespoons hot bean paste (such as toban djan); 2 tablespoons cornstarch; 2 tablespoons hot sesame oil or hot chile oil; 2 tablespoons soy sauce; 1 tablespoon dark brown sugar; 2 tablespoons canola oil; 4 cloves garlic, minced; One 1-inch piece of ginger, finely chopped; 2 tablespoon salted fermented black beans, rinsed and finely chopped; 1 pound ground pork; One 14-ounce package firm tofu, drained, patted dry, and cut into 1/2-inch cubes; 1/3 cup thinly sliced scallions, white and light green parts only; 5 cups steamed jasmine rice, for serving | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: Szechuan peppercorns, salted fermented black beans, and hot bean paste can be found online and in most Asian markets. Heat a wok over medium-high heat and toast the Sichuan peppercorns until fragrant, about 10 seconds. Remove from heat and transfer the peppercorns to a bowl to cool. Coarsely grind the peppercorns in a spice grinder or with a mortar and pestle and set aside. In a medium bowl, stir together the chicken broth, hot bean paste, cornstarch, hot sesame oil, soy sauce and sugar; set aside. Heat the wok over medium-high heat. Add the canola oil, garlic, ginger and fe <END>
INPUT: croutons, fennel, olive oil, anchovy fillets, fennel seed, cubed bread
OUTPUT: TITLE: Halibut Roasted with Fennel and Croutons | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 large fennel, sliced; 1 1/2 tablespoons olive oil; 2 anchovy fillets, minced; 2 tablespoons fennel seed; 1 cup cubed bread, 1/2-inch thick; Salt and pepper; 2 (6 to 8-ounce) halibut fillets; Chopped fresh dill | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven 500 degrees. Toss fennel with 1 tablespoon olive oil, anchovies and 1 tablespoon of fennel seed. Roast on the top shelf for 8 to 10 minutes or until tender and softened. Toss the cubed bread with 1/2 tablespoon olive oil, salt and pepper, to taste. Remove baking dish from the oven. Set halibut on top of roasted fennel, top with croutons, drizzle with a little olive oil and bake for 8 to 12 minutes on the top shelf of the oven. Sprinkle with fennel seeds, dill and serve. <END>
INPUT: Italian, pesto, Kosher salt pepper, virgin olive oil, garlic, basil leaves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Tuna With Basil Pesto | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 2 (2-inch thick) tuna steaks (about 1 pound each); Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 1 garlic clove, peeled; 2 cups fresh basil leaves; 1/4 cup toasted pine nuts; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1/2 cup - 3/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 1/2 cup grated Parmesan; 2 tablespoons lemon juice | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat grill to 400 degrees F. Wash and pat dry the tuna steaks. Season with salt and pepper and brush both sides with olive oil. Place tuna on hot grill and sear each side for 2 minutes for rare. If you prefer well done, cook the tuna an additional 2 to 3 minutes per side. Remove from skillet and let it rest. Into the bowl of a food processor, add the garlic, basil leaves, pine nuts, salt, and pepper. Pulse until finely chopped. With the blender still running, slowly pour 1/2 cup of olive oil. Check for a thick, yet smooth consistency, adding more oil if necess <END>
INPUT: Olive oil, beet greens, garlic, pepper flakes, Zest juice lemon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sauteed Beet Greens | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Olive oil, to coat pan; 2 bunches beet greens, washed and cut into 2-inch pieces; 2 cloves garlic, minced; 1 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes; Zest and juice of 1/2 lemon; Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Heat a medium saute pan coated with oil over medium heat until the oil shimmers. Add the beet greens and garlic, and toss until the greens are wilted and tender, 5 to 8 minutes. Add the red pepper flakes and lemon zest and juice, and toss. Season with salt and pepper. <END>
INPUT: pudding, milk, sugar, cornstarch, Kosher salt, egg yolks
OUTPUT: TITLE: Vanilla Pudding | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 1/2 cups whole milk; 1 cup sugar; 1/3 cup cornstarch; Kosher salt; 5 large egg yolks, beaten; 2 teaspoons vanilla extract; Stir-ins (optional), see below for suggestions | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat 4 cups of the milk in a large saucepan over medium heat until steaming. Whisk the sugar, cornstarch and 1/2 teaspoon salt in a large bowl. Whisk in the egg yolks and the remaining 1/2 cup milk. Whisk half of the hot milk into the egg mixture until smooth, then gradually whisk the egg-milk mixture into the saucepan. Cook over medium heat, whisking constantly, until the mixture boils. Continue to cook, whisking constantly, until it has thickened to a puddinglike consistency, 3 to 4 minutes. Remove from the heat and stir in the vanilla. Cool slightly, stirring a few times to prevent a skin f <END>
INPUT: preserves, plums, sugar, vanilla beans, cinnamon, lemon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Plum-Vanilla Preserves | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 pounds firm-ripe plums, cut into 1-inch pieces (with skin); 2 1/4 cups sugar; 2 vanilla beans, split lengthwise and halved crosswise; 4 small cinnamon sticks; 1 lemon; 1 1/2 pounds firm-ripe plumcots or apricots, cut into 1-inch pieces (with skin) | INSTRUCTIONS: Start with our step-by-step canning how-to. Put the plums, sugar, vanilla beans and cinnamon sticks in a large, wide saucepan. Squeeze the lemon juice through a strainer into the pan. Cook over medium-high heat, stirring occasionally, until the sugar dissolves and the mixture boils, about 10 minutes. Reduce the heat to medium and continue to cook, stirring occasionally, until a candy or deep-fry thermometer registers 220 degrees F, about 30 minutes. (To be sure that the mixture has reached the gel point, spoon some onto a chilled plate and put in the freezer until cool. The liquid should set;  <END>
INPUT: fudge, salt, peppermint extract
OUTPUT: TITLE: Peppermint Chocolate Fudge | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups (12 oz. pkg.) milk chocolate chips; 1 cup (6 oz. pkg.) semi-sweet chocolate chips; 1 (14 oz.) can Eagle Brand® Sweetened Condensed Milk; Dash salt; 1/2 tsp. peppermint extract; 1/4 cup crushed hard peppermint candy | INSTRUCTIONS: LINE 8- or 9-inch square pan with wax paper. MELT chocolate chips with sweetened condensed milk and salt in heavy saucepan over low heat. Remove from heat; stir in peppermint extract. Spread evenly into prepared pan. Sprinkle with peppermint candy. CHILL 2 hours or until firm. Remove from pan by lifting edges of wax paper; peel off paper. Cut into squares. <END>
INPUT: milk, egg yolks, sugar, heavy cream, bittersweet chocolate
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate Ice Cream 101 | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups whole milk; 5 large egg yolks; 1/4 cup plus 2 tablespoons sugar; 1 cup heavy cream; 10 ounces bittersweet chocolate, melted | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring milk to a simmer. Meanwhile, combine egg yolks and sugar in the bowl of an electric mixer. Beat at medium-high speed until very thick and pale yellow, 3 to 5 minutes. Add half the milk to egg-yolk mixture and whisk until blended. Stir into remaining milk and cook over low heat, stirring constantly, until mixture is thick enough to coat a spoon. Remove from heat and immediately stir in cream. Pass mixture through a strainer into a medium bowl set in an ice bath. Whisk in melted chocolate and let chill, then freeze in an ice-cream maker according to manufacturer's instructions. Store in a  <END>
INPUT: American, blueberry, crumble, Best Ever Pie, cornstarch, wild regular blueberries, lemon juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Wild Blueberry Pie with Almond Crumble Topping | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 Best-Ever Pie Crust dough disks; 3/4 cup plus 2 tablespoons (or more) sugar; 1/4 cup cornstarch; 7 cups fresh wild or regular blueberries (32 ounces) or 32 ounces frozen wild or regular blueberries (do not thaw); 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 2/3 cup unbleached all purpose flour; 4 ounces marzipan or almond paste, broken into 1/3-inch pieces (about 3/4 cup loosely packed); 1/4 cup (1/2 stick) chilled unsalted butter, cut into 1/2-inch cubes; 1/2 teaspoon salt; Whipped cream or ice cream | INSTRUCTIONS: Roll out pie crust disk on floured surface to 12-inch round. Transfer to 9-inch-diameterglass pie dish. Turn crust edges under and crimp decoratively, forming crust edge 1/4 inch above sides of pie dish. Refrigerate while preparing filling and topping. Roll out pie crust disk on floured surface to 12-inch round. Transfer to 9-inch-diameterglass pie dish. Turn crust edges under and crimp decoratively, forming crust edge 1/4 inch above sides of pie dish. Refrigerate while preparing filling and topping. For filling: Whisk 3/4 cup plus 2 tablespoons sugar and cornstarch in heavy large saucepan to  <END>
INPUT: gratin, Kosher salt, all purpose flour, hot milk
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cauliflower Gratin | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 (3-pound) head cauliflower, cut into large florets; Kosher salt; 4 tablespoons (1/2 stick) unsalted butter, divided; 3 tablespoons all-purpose flour; 2 cups hot milk; 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 1/4 teaspoon grated nutmeg; 3/4 cup freshly grated Gruyere, divided; 1/2 cup freshly grated Parmesan; 1/4 cup fresh bread crumbs | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Cook the cauliflower florets in a large pot of boiling salted water for 5 to 6 minutes, until tender but still firm. Drain. Meanwhile, melt 2 tablespoons of the butter in a medium saucepan over low heat. Add the flour, stirring constantly with a wooden spoon for 2 minutes. Pour the hot milk into the butter-flour mixture and stir until it comes to a boil. Boil, whisking constantly, for 1 minute, or until thickened. Off the heat, add 1 teaspoon of salt, the pepper, nutmeg, 1/2 cup of the Gruyere, and the Parmesan. Pour 1/3 of the  <END>
INPUT: sea scallops, pepper, salt, olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sea Scallops with Mushrooms and Sherry | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 20 large sea scallops (1 1/2 lb), tough ligament removed if attached; 1/8 teaspoon black pepper; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1/2 stick (1/4 cup) unsalted butter; 1 lb cremini mushrooms, quartered; 1/3 cup finely chopped shallots; 2 garlic cloves, finely chopped; 2/3 cup medium-dry Sherry; 1 tablespoon balsamic vinegar; 1 tablespoon soy sauce | INSTRUCTIONS: Pat scallops dry and sprinkle with pepper and 1/4 teaspoon salt. Heat oil in a 12-inch heavy skillet over moderately high heat until hot but not smoking, then cook scallops, turning over once, until browned well and just cooked through, 5 to 7 minutes total. Transfer to a platter and loosely cover. Heat 2 tablespoons butter in skillet over moderately high heat until foam subsides, then sauté mushrooms, stirring occasionally, until golden, about 4 minutes. Add shallots and garlic and sauté, stirring, 2 minutes. Add Sherry, vinegar, soy sauce, and remaining 1/4 teaspoon salt and simmer, uncovere <END>
INPUT: Mexican, burgers, salsa, tomatoes, Juice limes, sugar, Kosher salt, cilantro
OUTPUT: TITLE: Burgers with Green Tomato Salsa | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2 green tomatoes, diced; Juice of 2 limes; 1 tablespoon sugar; Kosher salt; 1/2 cup chopped fresh cilantro; 1/2 small red onion, diced; 1 red jalapeno pepper, seeded and finely chopped; 4 ears of corn, husked and halved; 2 teaspoons vegetable oil, plus more for the grill; Freshly ground pepper; 1 1/2 pounds lean ground beef; 4 sesame hamburger buns; 1/2 cup prepared guacamole | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat a grill to medium high. Make the salsa: Combine the tomatoes, lime juice, sugar and 1 teaspoon salt in a small microwave-safe bowl. Microwave 2 minutes, then stir in the cilantro, red onion and jalapeno; set aside. Toss the corn with the vegetable oil in a large bowl; season with salt and pepper. Form the beef into four 1-inch-thick patties; season with salt and pepper. Lightly brush the grill grates with vegetable oil. Grill the corn, turning occasionally, until marked and tender, about8 minutes. Meanwhile, grill the burgers about 4 minutes per side for medium rare. Toast the buns on  <END>
INPUT: spice, rubbed, beans, shallot, virgin olive oil, lemon, pine nuts
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spice Rubbed Lamb Chops with Green Beans | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound fresh green beans; 1 small shallot, thinly sliced; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, plus more for drizzling; 1/2 a lemon, juiced; 2 tablespoons pine nuts, toasted; 2 teaspoons kosher salt, plus extra for seasoning; 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, plus extra for seasoning; 1 teaspoon freshly ground cloves; 1 teaspoon freshly ground nutmeg; 1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 8 loin lamb chops | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Bring a saucepan of water to a boil and salt it generously. Add the green beans, and cook until crisp-tender, 4 to 5 minutes. Just before beans are done toss in the shallots. Drain and transfer to a serving platter. Drizzle the beans and shallots with olive oil, lemon juice, pine nuts, and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Mix the 2 teaspoons salt, 1 teaspoon pepper, cloves, nutmeg, and cinnamon together. Brush each lamb chop lightly with the olive oil and season with the spice mixture. Heat a large nonstick skillet over medium-high heat. Cook the chops  <END>
INPUT: straws, Canola oil, russet potatoes, kosher salt, turns pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fried Potato Straws | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Canola oil, for frying; 2 russet potatoes; 1 teaspoon kosher salt; 4 or 5 turns freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Pour canola oil into a deep cast-iron skillet to a depth of 2 inches. Heat over high heat to 350 degrees F. Line a plate with paper towels. While the oil is heating, lightly scrub the potatoes with a firm brush under running water. Use the fine julienne blade on a mandoline to cut the potatoes. (Alternatively, very thinly slice the potatoes lengthwise. Stack the slices and very thinly slice them lengthwise to make long thin straws.) Rinse the potato straws under cold running water. This rinses off the starch and makes the straws nice and crispy. Pat dry on paper towels. Working in batches, fry <END>
INPUT: Asian, fish, Shanghai bok choy, carrot, vegetable oil, Sherry
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pan-Seared Fish Fillets in Ginger Broth | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 lb Shanghai bok choy (about 3 small heads); 1 medium carrot; 2 1/2 tablespoons vegetable oil; 1 (1 1/2-inch) piece peeled fresh ginger, cut into very thin matchsticks; 1/4 cup medium-dry Sherry; 2 cups reduced-sodium chicken broth (16 fl ounces); 2 teaspoons sugar; 3 scallions; 4 (4- to 5-ounce) sea bass or striped bass fillets with skin, pin bones removed; 1 teaspoon salt; 1/2 teaspoon black pepper; 1 teaspoon cornstarch; 1 teaspoon curry powder; 1 teaspoon Asian sesame oil; Garnish: fresh cilantro leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: Discard any bruised or wilted outer leaves from bok choy, then cut leaves from stalks, keeping leaves and stalks separate. Thinly slice leaves and cut stalks diagonally into 1/2-inch-wide slices. Halve carrot lengthwise and cut diagonally into 1/4-inch-thick slices. Heat 1 tablespoon vegetable oil in a 4- to 5-quart heavy pot over moderately high heat until hot but not smoking, then stir-fry bok choy stalks, carrot, and ginger 1 minute. Stir in Sherry, broth, and sugar and simmer, covered, 5 minutes. Meanwhile, cut scallions crosswise into 2-inch pieces, then halve lengthwise and cut into very <END>
INPUT: soup, sweet potatoes, leeks, chicken stock, Sea salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sweet Potato Soup with Matchstick Fries and Frizzled Leeks | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 large sweet potatoes (about 2 pounds); 3 leeks; 6 cups chicken stock; 1 (2-inch) piece fresh ginger (about 1 tablespoon peeled and grated); Sea salt and freshly ground black pepper; Matchstick Fries and Frizzled Leeks, recipe follows; Canola oil, for frying; 2 large Yukon Gold or russet potatoes (about 1 pound); Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 (3-inch) piece leek, julienned; 2 tablespoons potato starch | INSTRUCTIONS: Peel and quarter the sweet potatoes. Wash the leeks well, and drain. Remove any damaged outside peel, remove the hairy white tips from the end, and cut the leeks into 1-inch slices. Leave 1 (3-inch) section aside to be fried for the garnish. In a large pot, cook the leeks with the butter until soft. Do not brown. Add the stock or water. Add the sweet potatoes, and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat to medium, and boil until cooked through, just softer than fork tender. Using an immersion blender, puree the ingredients until they are thoroughly blended. Add the grated ginger, and test for consist <END>
INPUT: warm, container strawberries juices, water, sugar, canister whipped cream
OUTPUT: TITLE: Warm Strawberries and Cream | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 container frozen strawberries in juices; 1/4 cup water; 3 tablespoons sugar; 1 canister sweetened whipped cream | INSTRUCTIONS: In a saucepot over medium heat mix the frozen strawberries with the water. Cook until the strawberries have defrosted and the berries have slumped. Remove from heat and let cool slightly. Taste the strawberries and add the sugar if desired. Divide between dessert bowls, top with whipped cream. <END>
INPUT: Italian, parmesan, penne rigate pasta, bacon, zucchini, reserved pasta water, very loosely
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pasta with Zucchini, Bacon and Parmesan | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound penne rigate pasta; 4 ounces bacon, sliced into 1/2-inch pieces; 2 pounds zucchini, (about 2 large), diced; 1/2 to 1 cup reserved pasta water; 3/4 cup very loosely packed, finely grated Parmigiano-Reggiano; Coarse salt and cracked black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook the pasta in boiling, salted water to al dente. Drain the pasta, reserving 1 cup of the cooking water. Return the pasta to the pot and set aside. In a large saute pan, add the bacon and cook until the fat is rendered and the bacon is crispy. Add the zucchini and cook until it starts to soften. Place the cooked pasta over low heat. Add the reserved pasta water, cooked bacon, zucchini and the grated cheese. Toss to combine. Season with salt and pepper. Taste and adjust seasonings. Serve immediately. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, salsa, oregano, lemon juice, olive oil, two lamb chops, Kalamata other brine
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lamb Chops with Olive Salsa | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 teaspoon dried oregano, crumbled; 1/2 tablespoon plus 1 teaspoon fresh lemon juice; 1 teaspoon olive oil; two 1 inch thick rib lamb chops (about 1 pound total); 1/4 cup Kalamata or other brine cured black olives, pitted and chopped coarse; 1 small plum tomato, seeded and diced; 2 tablespoons diced red onion; 1/2 tablespoon chopped fresh parsley leaves; 1/4 teaspoon freshly grated lemon zest | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat broiler. On a plate, stir together oregano, 1 tablespoon lemon juice and 1 teaspoon oil. Dip both sides of lamb chops in mixture to coat and put on rack of a broiling pan, seasoning both sides of chops with salt and pepper. In a bowl, stir together olives, tomato, onion, parsley, zest, remaining teaspoon lemon juice, remaining teaspoon oil and salt and pepper to taste. Broil lamb chops 2 inches from heat 4 to 5 minutes on each side for medium rare meat. Spoon olive salsa over lamb chops. <END>
INPUT: Asian, slaw, bison short, all purpose flour, mustard, salt, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Braised Bison Short Ribs with Asian Slaw | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 4 pounds bison short ribs; 3 tablespoons all-purpose flour; 1 teaspoon dry mustard; 1 teaspoon salt; 1/4 to 1/2 teaspoon ground black pepper; 2 tablespoons canola oil; 2 1/2 to 3 cups tomato sauce; 3/4 cup dry red wine; 1 1/2 teaspoons prepared mustard; 3 tablespoons red wine vinegar; 1 (3-inch) piece ginger, finely grated; 1/2 cup rice wine vinegar; 1 tablespoon soy sauce; 1 lime, juiced; 2 tablespoons sesame oil | INSTRUCTIONS: NOT ROBERT'S RECIPE DO NOT POST!!!; Ribs: Preheat oven to 275 degrees F. Cut away any membrane and fat from the meat side of the ribs. The thin connective membrane on the bone side of the ribs can be left intact. Cut ribs into 3 to 4-inch sections. Combine flour, dry mustard, salt and pepper in a large plastic or paper bag. Add ribs and shake to coat. Put the canola oil in a large saucepan and over medium-high heat, brown coated ribs on all sides. Transfer browned ribs to a 4 to 6 quart Dutch oven. Blend remaining ingredients in a medium-size bowl. Pour over ribs, cover and cook in oven for 3  <END>
INPUT: stroganoff, vegetable oil, beef sirloin, Kosher salt pepper, unsalted butter, button mushrooms
OUTPUT: TITLE: Beef Stroganoff | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons vegetable oil; 1 pound beef sirloin, cut into 2x1x1/8-inch strips; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 6 tablespoons unsalted butter; 12 ounces button mushrooms, quartered; 1 medium yellow onion, thinly sliced; 1 tablespoon tomato paste; 2 tablespoons all-purpose flour; 2 cups beef broth, homemade or low-sodium canned; 1/4 cup sour cream; 2 teaspoons Dijon mustard; 2 teaspoons freshly squeezed lemon juice; 1 tablespoon chopped flat-leaf parsley leaves; Kosher salt; One 12-ounce package wide egg noodles | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat a large skillet over medium heat for 3 to 4 minutes. Raise the heat to high and heat 1 tablespoon oil. Season half the beef with salt and pepper, add to the skillet, arranging it in a single layer, and saute, without stirring, until well-browned and still pinkish inside, about 1 to 2 minutes. (It is key to only partially cook the meat at this stage, since it will be finish cooking later in the sauce.) Transfer to a large plate and set aside. Repeat with the remaining oil and beef. Discard any excess oil. Return the skillet to medium-high heat. Melt 2 tablespoons of the butter and, when <END>
INPUT: slushes, whiskey, cranberry juice, pomegranate juice, orange juice, Juice limes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Whiskey-Cranberry Slushes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups whiskey, preferably Crown Royal; 6 cups cranberry juice; 4 1/2 cups pomegranate juice; 2 cups orange juice; Juice of 2 limes; 1 cup sugar; 1 cup fresh cranberries, diced; Mint leaves, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine the whiskey, 3 cups cranberry juice, the pomegranate juice, orange juice, lime juice, sugar and 1/2 cup water in a large, shallow freezer-safe container. Stir well, then cover and freeze until the mixture is icy, stirring every 20 to 30 minutes, 4 to 5 hours. Scrape the frozen mixture with a spoon and divide among glasses, filling them three-quarters of the way. Divide the remaining 3 cups cranberry juice among the glasses and top with the diced cranberries; stir until slushy and garnish with mint. Photograph by James Wojcik <END>
INPUT: Italian, tiny pasta, prosciutto, porcini, unsalted butter, shallots
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pasta Stuffing with Porcini and Prosciutto | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups tiny pasta, shaped like tubettini or tiny shells; 2 ounces prosciutto, cut into fine shreds; 1-ounce dried porcini, soaked in water until soft; 4 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1/4 cup shallots, minced; 10 ounces mushrooms, finely chopped; 3/4 cup heavy cream; Salt and pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook pasta until tender, drain and transfer to a mixing bowl; add prosciutto and season to taste with salt and pepper. Drain the porcini through a cheesecloth lined sieve. Reserve liquid. Rinse grit from mushrooms and chop finely. In a skillet heat the butter and saute shallots until tender. Add mushrooms, chopped porcini and reserved liquid and cook until mushrooms are tender and have absorbed the liquid. Add heavy cream and bring to a boil; season to taste with salt and pepper. Toss with pasta and transfer to a buttered baking dish. Heat, covered until hot in a preheated 350 degree oven. Del <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, triangles, ricotta cheese, butter, parsley leaves, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spinach Phyllo Triangles | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup ricotta cheese; 2 tablespoons butter; 1 cup chopped fresh parsley leaves; 1 (10-ounce) package frozen creamed spinach; 1 tablespoon pepper; 1 teaspoon ground nutmeg; 2 tablespoons ouzo; 1 (3.5-ounce) package reduced fat crumbled feta cheese; 1/4 cup minced pepperoncini and their juices; 1 box phyllo dough, thawed; Extra-virgin olive oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Using a coffee filter set over a bowl, drain the ricotta. Discard liquid and set ricotta aside. In a 2-quart saute pan over medium heat, melt butter. Add parsley, creamed spinach, pepper, and nutmeg and cook for 5 minutes. Add ouzo and simmer for another 5 minutes. Remove from heat and stir in ricotta and feta cheeses and the pepperoncini. Let cool and then refrigerate for 20 minutes or more. Preheat oven to 375 degrees F. In the meantime, roll out the phyllo dough and, starting from the long side, cut sheets into 2-inch wide strips. Cover with a paper towel and a slightly dampened kitchen tow <END>
INPUT: American, gina, bacon, onion, Granny Smith apples, Salt pepper, cabbage
OUTPUT: TITLE: Gina's BBQ Cabbage | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 3 slices bacon, chopped; 1 red onion, sliced; 2 Granny Smith apples, peeled, cored and sliced; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 small head red cabbage, cored and shredded (about 2 1/2 pounds); 1 1/2 cups chicken broth; 1/3 cup apple cider vinegar; 1/4 cup Neely's BBQ sauce; 1 tablespoons butter | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook the bacon in a large saucepan over medium-low heat until the fat has started to render but the bacon is not yet crisp. Add the red onions, apples, salt and pepper, to taste. Saute until the mixture softens, about 5 minutes. Add the cabbage and stir until it begins to soften and wilt down; season again with salt and pepper, to taste. Add the chicken broth and the apple cider vinegar and reduce over medium-low heat. Cover and stir occasionally until the cabbage is tender. Once cabbage is cooked, remove the lid and add the Neely's BBQ sauce. Turn heat to medium and let the liquid reduce unti <END>
INPUT: bavarian, vanilla bean, heavy cream, powdered gelatin, milk, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Bavarian Cream | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 vanilla bean; 1 1/4 cups heavy cream; 1 tablespoon powdered gelatin; 3 tablespoons milk; 1/4 cup sugar; 5 egg yolks; 1 1/4 cups whipped cream; 6 sliced strawberries | INSTRUCTIONS: Put the split vanilla bean in cream and slowly bring to a boil. Turn off heat and let sit for 1 hour. Remove bean and scrape out seeds, add them to the cream and discard the pod. Sprinkle the gelatin into the milk and set aside. Whisk the sugar and egg yolks together. Warm the cream mixture back up and slowly whisk into eggs. Place mixture over simmering water and stir until it is thick enough to coat the back of a wooded spoon. Remove from heat and add milk and gelatin mixture. Place bowl in ice bath and stir until at room temperature. Fold in whipped cream and pour mixture into 6 (6-ounce) r <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, herbed, unsalted butter, corn kernels, chicken broth, couscous, chives
OUTPUT: TITLE: Herbed Corn and Couscous | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon unsalted butter; 3/4 cup fresh corn kernels (cut from 2 ears of corn) or thawed frozen; 3/4 cup chicken broth; 1/2 cup couscous; 2 tablespoons fresh chives, minced; Salt and pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Melt the butter in a heavy saucepan over moderately high heat, add the corn and cook, stirring for one minute, then add the chicken broth and bring to a boil. Stir in the couscous, remove the pan from the heat source and let the mixture stand, covered, for 5 minutes. Stir in the chives, salt and pepper to taste.; <END>
INPUT: strawberry, shortcake, buttermilk biscuits, strawberries, balsamic vinegar, honey, light whipping cream
OUTPUT: TITLE: Strawberry Shortcake with Balsamic Honey | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 medium buttermilk biscuits, recipe follows; 2 cups strawberries, hulled and halved; 1/4 cup balsamic vinegar; 1/4 cup honey; 1/4 cup light whipping cream; 4 sprigs fresh mint; 2 cups flour; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/4 teaspoon baking soda; 2 teaspoons baking powder; 1/2 teaspoon cream of tartar; 1 tablespoon sugar; 1/2 cup vegetable shortening; 1/2 cup plus 2 tablespoons buttermilk; Egg wash or milk, for glazing | INSTRUCTIONS: Buttermilk Biscuits: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Have all ingredients well chilled. Place all dry ingredients and shortening in bowl of an electric mixer with paddle attachment. Mix until crumbly, then add buttermilk and mix just until dough comes together. Gently roll out dough to 3/4-inch thickness and cut with round cutter. Glaze with egg wash or milk and bake for 15 to 20 minutes. Split the biscuits in half horizontally. Toss the strawberries with the balsamic vinegar and half the honey. Set aside. Whip the cream in a small mixing bowl to soft peaks. Add the remaining honey and whip to  <END>
INPUT: Mexican, salad, beans, plum tomatoes, Salt, corn kernels, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Black Bean, Corn and Tomato Salad | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound dried black beans; 4 plum tomatoes, chopped; Salt; 2 cups corn kernels; 1/2 red onion, chopped; 1 bunch cilantro, chopped; Juice of 1 lime; 1/4 cup olive oil; Pepper; Cayenne | INSTRUCTIONS: In large pot cover beans with cold water. Bring to a boil. Remove from heat, cover, and let sit for 1 hour. Drain beans and add fresh water to completely cover. Bring to a boil and simmer for 1 hour until beans are tender. Drain. In a serving bowl toss tomatoes with salt and set aside for 10-15 minutes to bring out juices. Add beans, corn, and onion and mix well. Add cilantro, lime juice and oil. Stir to coat. Season with salt, pepper and cayenne to taste. Serve immediately, or set aside for 30 minutes for flavors to intensify. <END>
INPUT: Italian, salad, Kosher salt, bowtie pasta, tomatoes, wine vinegar, virgin olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Bow Tie Pasta Salad with Chicken and Roasted Peppers | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: Kosher salt; 6 ounces bowtie pasta; 2 large ripe tomatoes, seeded and diced; 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar; 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard; Freshly ground pepper; 2 bell peppers (red and yellow), halved lengthwise and seeded; 1 small rotisserie chicken, shredded into large pieces; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. Position a rack about 6-inches from broiler and heat to high. Bring a medium-large pot of salted water to a boil. Add the pasta and cook, stirring often, until al dente, about 10 minutes. Drain well and rinse under cold running water. Spread out on paper towel to absorb excess moisture. 2. Meanwhile, put the tomatoes in a small bowl and stir in 1 tablespoon vinegar, 1 tablespoon olive oil, and 1/4 teaspoon salt. Set aside to macerate for 15 to 20 minutes. 3. Arrange the peppers on a broiling pan, cut side down and broil, until blistered and black in spots, 5 to 7 minutes. Transfer peppers t <END>
INPUT: Italian, oven, chicken, unsalted butter, garlic, bread crumbs, Parmesan
OUTPUT: TITLE: Oven-Fried Chicken | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 3 pounds chicken pieces, including 2 legs, 2 thighs, 2 breasts; 1 1/2 sticks unsalted butter, melted; 1 garlic clove, minced; 1 cup fresh bread crumbs; 1/3 cup grated Parmesan; 2 tablespoons chopped parsley, oregano and/or tarragon; 2 teaspoons paprika; Salt and pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Melt butter in a roasting pan. Transfer 3/4 of the melted butter into a shallow dish and stir in the minced garlic. In another shallow dish combine bread crumbs, Parmesan, chopped herbs, paprika, salt and pepper. Coat each piece of chicken with the garlic butter mixture, then dredge in bread crumb mixture and transfer to roasting pan. Repeat process for remaining pieces of chicken. Drizzle any remaining garlic butter mixture over coated chicken. Bake in oven for 1 to 1 1/4 hours until coating is golden brown and chicken meat slides off a fork. <END>
INPUT: black, Kosher salt, fusilli pasta, olive oil, garlic, baby spinach leaves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fusilli with Pecorino Romano and Black Pepper | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Kosher salt; 1 pound fusilli pasta; 1/4 cup olive oil; 2 cloves garlic, lightly crushed; 5 cups baby spinach leaves (5 ounces); Freshly ground pepper; 1 1/2 cups grated Pecorino Romano cheese (6 ounces); 1 cup mascarpone cheese (8 ounces), at room temperature | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add the pasta and cook, stirring occasionally, until tender but still firm to the bite, 8 to 10 minutes. Reserve 3/4 cup of the cooking liquid, then drain the pasta. Meanwhile, heat the olive oil in a large, high-sided skillet over medium heat. Add the garlic and cook until lightly browned, about 2 minutes. Remove the garlic and discard. Add the spinach and 2 teaspoons pepper, and cook until the spinach has wilted, about 1 minute. Remove the skillet from the heat and add the pasta. Add the Pecorino Romano cheese and 2  <END>
INPUT: shellfish, new baby Yukon, kosher salt more, olive oil, fennel bulb, shallots
OUTPUT: TITLE: Shellfish and Potatoes à la Marinière | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/4 pounds small new or baby Yukon Gold potatoes; 1 tablespoon kosher salt plus more; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1 fennel bulb, trimmed, diced; 2 shallots, finely chopped; 4 garlic cloves, finely chopped; 3/4 cup dry white wine; 1 pound littleneck clams, scrubbed; 1 pound mussels, scrubbed, debearded; 1 pound cockles or small Manila clams, scrubbed; 6-8 razor clams, scrubbed (optional); 1 cup (packed) flat-leaf parsley leaves, coarsely chopped, plus whole leaves for garnish; 1 1/2 tablespoons unsalted butter; Freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Place potatoes in a medium saucepan. Add cold water to cover by 2". Add 1 tablespoon salt. Bring to a boil; reduce heat to low and simmer until potatoes are tender, about 15 minutes. Drain; set aside. Meanwhile, heat oil in a large pot over medium heat. Add fennel, shallots, and garlic and cook, stirring often, until soft and fragrant, about 5 minutes. Remove pot from heat; add wine. Return pot to heat; increase heat to high, add littleneck clams, cover, and cook for 1 minute. Add mussels, cockles, razor clams (if using), and potatoes. Cover; cook until all shellfish have opened (discard any t <END>
INPUT: layer, spiced, pecan halves, dark sugar, cinnamon, nutmeg, unsalted butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sweet Potato Layer Cake with Spiced Pecan Buttercream | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 1/2 cups pecan halves; 1/3 cup packed dark brown sugar; 2 tablespoons ground cinnamon; 2 teaspoons ground nutmeg; 5 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted; 2 tablespoons dark rum; 2 pounds sweet potatoes; 4 large eggs; 2 cups sugar; 1 cup canola oil; 2 cups cake flour; 2 teaspoons baking powder; 1 teaspoon salt; 1 tablespoon ground cinnamon; 1 teaspoon ground nutmeg | INSTRUCTIONS: Make Spiced Pecans: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Place the pecans in a single layer on a baking sheet and toast them for 10 minutes, until fragrant. Meanwhile, combine the brown sugar, cinnamon, and nutmeg in a medium bowl, using your fingers to mix everything thoroughly. Stir in the melted butter to make a paste. Add the toasted pecans to the mixture and stir to coat, then spread them evenly on the baking sheet and return to the oven for 8 minutes. Remove from the oven, drizzle over the rum, and bake for 8 more minutes, stirring once. Remove from the oven, cool completely and leave the  <END>
INPUT: galantine, fat pork, ham, veal, garlic, Cognac
OUTPUT: TITLE: Turkey Galantine | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 pounds ground fat pork; 2 pounds ground ham; 1 pound ground veal; 3 cloves garlic, chopped fine; Cognac; 3 eggs; Quatre épices or Spice Parisienne; 2 1/4 teaspoons salt; 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 1 teaspoon thyme; 6- to 8-pound turkey; Long fingers of boiled tongue and ham, cut about 1/4-inch square; Fresh or canned truffles; Pistachio nuts; Meat stock | INSTRUCTIONS: Mix the ground meats, garlic, 1/2 cup cognac, the eggs, 1/4 teaspoon quatre épices, 1 1/4 teaspoons salt, the pepper and thyme in a large bowl. Blend well with the hands. If you wish to test the flavor, cook a small amount of the mixture in butter until cooked through. Split the turkey down the back and carefully bone the bird, being careful not to slit the skin. With your fingers and a small, sharp-pointed knife, pull and cut the meat away from the bones. When you come to the legs and thighs, use your fingers to help locate and slip out the thigh bones. You may remove the wings and, if you wi <END>
INPUT: mashed, sweet potatoes, carrots, garlic, whipping cream, butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mashed Sweet Potatoes and Carrots | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 large sweet potatoes, peeled, cubed; 4 large carrots, peeled, sliced; 2 garlic cloves, peeled; 1/4 cup whipping cream; 2 tablespoons butter; Salt and freshly ground pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook potatoes, carrots and garlic in large pot of boiling salted water until very tender. Drain; return to same pot. Mash with potato masher. Add cream and butter and mash until smooth and creamy. Season to taste with salt and pepper. <END>
INPUT: Asian, snow peas, Asian sesame oil, scallion, sesame seeds
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sesame Snow Peas | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 pound snow peas, trimmed and strings discarded; 1 teaspoon Asian sesame oil; 1 scallion, sliced thinly on diagonal; 2 teaspoons sesame seeds, toasted lightly | INSTRUCTIONS: Cut snow peas on diagonal into long thin slices. Have ready a large bowl of ice and cold water. In a saucepan of boiling salted water blanch snow peas 15 seconds and drain in a colander. Immediately transfer snow peas to ice water to stop cooking and drain well. In a bowl toss snow peas with oil, scallion, sesame seeds, and salt to taste. Cut snow peas on diagonal into long thin slices. Have ready a large bowl of ice and cold water. In a saucepan of boiling salted water blanch snow peas 15 seconds and drain in a colander. Immediately transfer snow peas to ice water to stop cooking and drain we <END>
INPUT: panna, cotta, heavy cream, cocoa powder, confectioners' sugar, espresso beans
OUTPUT: TITLE: Espresso Panna Cotta with Cocoa Whipped Cream | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup heavy cream; 1 tablespoon cocoa powder; 2 tablespoons confectioners' sugar; 1 1/2 cups heavy cream; 1 tablespoon espresso beans, roughly ground; 3 tablespoons sugar; 1/2 orange, peel only; 1 teaspoon powdered gelatin | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. First add the cocoa powder to the heavy cream for the cocoa whipped cream. Stir well to combine then cover and refrigerate for 1 hour. Begin preparing the espresso panna cotta by placing the heavy cream, ground espresso beans, sugar and orange peel in a small saucepan over medium-low heat. Bring to a simmer, then turn off the heat and steep for 6 to 8 minutes. Add the powdered gelatin and using a whisk stir over low heat to warm the mixture and dissolve the gelatin. Do not let it simmer. Strain the mixture through a fine sieve (this not only removes the peel and  <END>
INPUT: Jerusalem artichokes, water, rice vinegar, sugar, kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: King Oyster Mushrooms with Pistachio Purée | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 lb Jerusalem artichokes (also called Sun Chokes) or crosnes; 1 cup water; 1/2 cup rice vinegar (not seasoned); 1/2 cup sugar; 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt; 3/4 teaspoon shichimi togarashi (Japanese seven-spice blend); 1 cup shelled roasted pistachios (preferably Sicilian or Turkish); 5 1/2 cups water, divided; 1/4 cup mirin (Japanese sweet rice wine); 1/4 cup instant dashi powder (also called hon dashi); 8 radishes; 1 tablespoon sugar; 1 tablespoon kosher salt; 1 1/2 lb king oyster mushrooms (sometimes called Trumpet Royale); 1 (3 1/2-ounce) package enoki mushrooms | INSTRUCTIONS: Pickle Jerusalem artichokes: Peel artichokes and cut into 1/4-inch-thick sticks, then transfer to a nonreactive heatproof bowl. Bring remaining artichoke ingredients to a boil in a small nonreactive saucepan, stirring until salt has dissolved, then pour over artichokes. Cool to room temperature, keeping vegetables submerged with a small plate. Transfer with liquid to an airtight container and chill, shaking occasionally, at least 1 day. Peel artichokes and cut into 1/4-inch-thick sticks, then transfer to a nonreactive heatproof bowl. Bring remaining artichoke ingredients to a boil in a small n <END>
INPUT: olive oil, garlic, rosemary, Salt pepper, baby lamb chops
OUTPUT: TITLE: Classic Rosemary Lamb Chops | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/3 cup olive oil; 3 cloves garlic, smashed; 1/2 bunch fresh rosemary, chopped; Salt and freshly ground pepper; 12 baby lamb chops (about 1-inch thick), Frenched; Flaked salt, such as Maldon, for serving | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Combine the olive oil, garlic, rosemary and some salt and pepper in a zip-top bag. Add the lamb chops and rub with the marinade. Seal the bag and leave at room temperature for 1 hour, or refrigerate for up to 24 hours. Prepare a grill for high heat. Remove the chops from the bag and wipe off excess marinade. Grill for 2 to 3 minutes on each side, or until cooked to desired doneness. Let rest for 5 minutes. Sprinkle the chops with a little flaked salt and serve. <END>
INPUT: American, lemon, Kosher salt pepper, canola oil, Vidalia onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Easy Salmon Pie | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 4 (6-ounce) center cut salmon fillets, skin removed; 1 lemon, zested and juiced; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 4 tablespoons canola oil, divided; 1 medium Vidalia onion, chopped; 2 cloves garlic, minced; 1 cup chopped shiitake mushrooms, stems discarded; 2 teaspoons chopped fresh thyme leaves; 4 cups washed, dried, and loosely packed fresh baby spinach; 1/4 cup sour cream; 2 frozen puff pastry sheets, defrosted; Chopped fresh parsley leaves, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Brush both sides of the salmon with 1 teaspoon lemon juice and sprinkle with salt and pepper, to taste. Set aside. Warm 2 tablespoons oil in 2 separate skillets over medium-high heat. Add half of the onion and half the garlic to each pan. Season with salt and pepper, to taste, and saute until tender, about 5 minutes. Stir in the mushrooms and thyme into 1 pan and the spinach, lemon zest and remain lemon juice in the other pan. Stir the spinach until it wilts, then transfer it to a bowl and set aside. Saute the mushrooms until th <END>
INPUT: Italian, pesto, virgin olive oil, lemon juice, garlic, thyme leaves, bay leaf
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Artichoke Pesto | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 1/3 cup fresh lemon juice; 3 large cloves garlic, quartered lengthwise; 1 teaspoon finely chopped fresh thyme leaves; 1 bay leaf; 1 teaspoon gray salt; 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 2 packages frozen artichokes; 1/2 cup tightly packed fresh basil leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. In a deep ovenproof pan, combine 1/2 cup olive oil, lemon juice, garlic, thyme, bay leaf, salt, and pepper. Add the frozen artichokes and mix to coat. Bring to a boil over medium heat, stirring occasionally. Cover with aluminum foil, transfer to the oven, and cook until the artichokes are browned in spots and tender when pierced, about 35 minutes. Allow the artichokes to cool in the liquid. Remove the bay leaf. Put the cooled artichokes with the liquid into a blender. Add the remaining 1/4 cup olive oil and basil leaves and process until smooth. <END>
INPUT: tricolore, salad, radicchio, fennel bulb, virgin olive oil, Salt, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled "Tricolore" Salad with Radicchio, Fennel and Parsley | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 small heads radicchio (about 3/4 pound), cut into 6 wedges through the core; 1 large fennel bulb, sliced lengthwise 1/3 inch thick; 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil, plus more, for brushing; Salt; Freshly ground black pepper; 1 cup parsley leaves, half left whole and half roughly chopped; 2 tablespoons sherry vinegar; 1 teaspoon mustard; 1/2 teaspoon honey; Pecorino cheese, for shaving | INSTRUCTIONS: Light a grill and preheat for at least 10 minutes or preheat a grill pan. Brush the cut sides of the radicchio and fennel with olive oil and season with salt and pepper. Grill the radicchio with one of the cut sides down and the fennel over moderately high heat until the radicchio is charred and the fennel has dark brown grill marks, about 2 minutes. Turn the radicchio so the other cut sides are down and flip the fennel and grill for about 2 minutes longer. Transfer the radicchio and fennel to a cutting board and let cool slightly. Thinly slice the radicchio crosswise, discarding the core. Sli <END>
INPUT: salad, well shaken buttermilk, mayonnaise, chives, wine vinegar, Rounded salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicory, Fried Ham, and Pear Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2/3 cup well-shaken buttermilk; 1/4 cup mayonnaise; 3 tablespoons finely chopped chives; 1 teaspoon white-wine vinegar; Rounded 1/4 teaspoon salt; 1/4 teaspoon black pepper; 1/2 cup vegetable oil; 1/4 pound thinly sliced Black Forest or other baked deli ham; 2 firm-ripe Bartlett pears (8 ounces total; preferably red); 1 (1-pound) head chicory (curly endive), chopped crosswise into 1/2-inch pieces (10 cups) | INSTRUCTIONS: Whisk together buttermilk, mayonnaise, chives, vinegar, salt, and pepper in a small bowl until smooth. Heat oil in a 12-inch heavy skillet over moderately high heat until hot but not smoking. Reduce heat to moderate and fry ham, 2 slices at a time, turning over once, until golden brown and crisp, 2 to 3 minutes. Transfer with tongs to paper towels to drain and cool slightly. Stack fried ham and chop into roughly 1- to 2-inch pieces. Halve pears lengthwise and core, then cut lengthwise into 1/4-inch-thick slices. Combine chicory, ham, and pear slices in a large bowl. Drizzle with dressing and t <END>
INPUT: filled, seedless watermelon, heavy cream, cinnamon, vanilla extract
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mascarpone-Filled Watermelon | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 medium seedless watermelon, cut into 1-inch cubes; 1 cup heavy cream, chilled; 1 cup (8 ounces) mascarpone cheese, chilled; 1/8 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1/4 teaspoon vanilla extract; 1 teaspoon agave syrup; Zest of 1 lime; 1 lime, halved; 1/3 cup mini chocolate chips | INSTRUCTIONS: With a 1/2-teaspoon measuring spoon, scoop out the center of each watermelon cube. Set the cubes scooped-side-down on a paper-towel-lined baking sheet. Set aside. In a medium bowl, combine the cream, mascarpone, cinnamon, vanilla, agave, lime zest and the juice of one of the lime halves. Beat until nice and thick using a hand mixer. Set aside. Squeeze the remaining lime half over the watermelon. Flip the watermelon cubes over and fill each with 1 teaspoon of the mascarpone filling. Top with chocolate chips and serve. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, salad, chilies, mangoes, fine julienne papaya, jalapenos, cane syrup, coconut milk
OUTPUT: TITLE: Salad of Fresh Ham, Mango, Green Papaya and Chilies | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2 mangoes; 1 cup fine julienne of green papaya; 1 to 2 jalapenos, finely chopped, seeds discarded; 1/4 cup cane syrup; 1/4 cup coconut milk; 2 tablespoons lime juice; 3 tablespoons chopped cilantro leaves; Salt and pepper; 1/2 cup julienne of sweet red pepper, about 1 pepper; 2 cups shredded, cooked roast fresh ham, all bones and skin removed | INSTRUCTIONS: Peel the mango and slice the flesh away from the center pit, into two halves, keeping the mango in pieces as large as possible. Fan the mango as neatly as possible and set aside. Combine the papaya, jalapeno, cane syrup, coconut milk, lime juice and cilantro in a bowl and season with salt and pepper. Dress the ham with some of the juices from the papaya, combine with the red pepper. Garnish each plate with a mango fan, place a cup of the pork into a ramekin dish and invert it onto the plate. Unmold the pork onto the plate, top with some of the papaya salad. <END>
INPUT: martini, sugar, water, lychees, lemon juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lychee Martini | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup sugar; 1/4 cup water; 1 cup drained canned lychees (15 to 20, from a 16- to 20-oz can); 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 6 oz (3/4 cup) vodka (preferably Skyy); 1 1/2 oz (3 tablespoons) Cointreau or other orange-flavored liqueur; Special equipment: a cocktail shaker | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat sugar and water in a 1-quart saucepan over high heat, stirring, until sugar is dissolved, then pour into a heatproof bowl set in a large bowl of ice and cold water. Let stand, stirring occasionally, until syrup is cold, about 3 minutes. Purée lychees with sugar syrup and lemon juice in a blender until smooth, then force through a fine-mesh sieve into a bowl, pressing hard on solids and then discarding them. Fill cocktail shaker halfway with ice cubes and add lychee purée, vodka, and Cointreau. Shake 15 seconds and strain into Martini glasses. Heat sugar and water in a 1-quart saucepan ove <END>
INPUT: tabouli, fine grain bulgur, lemon juice, tomatoes, scallions, pinches cinnamon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lemon Tabouli with Tender Romaine | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup fine grain #1 bulgur; 1/4 cup fresh lemon juice; 2 cups finely diced tomatoes; 1/2 cup thinly sliced scallions; 2 pinches of ground cinnamon; Salt and freshly ground pepper; 1/3 cup extra virgin olive oil; 2 cups finely chopped flat-leaf parsley; 2 tablespoons slivered fresh mint leaves; Tender romaine leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. Place the bulgur in a fine sieve, rinse under cold running water, squeeze dry, and soak in the lemon juice for 45 minutes. Use a fork to fluff the bulgur. 2. In a bowl, combine the tomatoes, scallions, cinnamon, and a few pinches of salt and pepper. Drizzle on the olive oil and toss. Fold in the bulgur,parsley, and mint and mix well. Refrigerate, stirring occasionally. 3. Taste and correct the flavors with lemon juice, salt, and pepper. Serve with crisp inner leaves of romaine lettuce for scooping up the salad. 1. Place the bulgur in a fine sieve, rinse under cold running water, squeeze dry <END>
INPUT: salad, chicken broth, unsalted butter, onion, thyme leaves, cumin
OUTPUT: TITLE: Orzo Salad with Mustard Greens and Dried Cherries | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups chicken broth; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1 small yellow onion, chopped small; 2 teaspoons fresh thyme leaves; 1 teaspoon ground cumin; 1 1/2 cups orzo pasta; 1/2 cup dried cherries, roughly chopped; 1/2 cup pistachios, toasted and roughly chopped; 1 teaspoon lemon zest; 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 1 1/2 cups packed mustard greens, cut into thin slices; 1/2 cup fresh parsley, roughly chopped, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine the chicken broth and 1 cup water in a small saucepan and bring to a simmer. Reduce the heat; hold at a gentle simmer. Melt the butter in a medium pot over medium heat. Add the onions and cook until soft and translucent, 3 to 5 minutes. Stir in the thyme, cumin and orzo, and toast the pasta for 2 to 3 minutes. Carefully pour in the simmering broth and stir to combine. Bring to a simmer, then cover the pot and reduce the heat to medium low. Cook until all the liquid is absorbed, 20 minutes. Fluff with a fork. Fold in the cherries, pistachios, lemon zest, olive oil and mustard greens. To <END>
INPUT: American, shaker, lemons, sugar, Pastry single crust, eggs, all purpose flour
OUTPUT: TITLE: Shaker Lemon Pie | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 medium lemons; 2 cups sugar; Pastry for a 9-inch single-crust pie, such as Barry Maiden's Butter/Shortening Piecrust; 4 eggs, beaten well; 2 tablespoons all-purpose flour; 1/4 teaspoon salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Using your sharpest knife (a serrated knife is ideal), trim each lemon to remove the stem end and tip. Slice each lemon crosswise, as thinly as you can possibly do it, into paper-thin circles. If you can drape them over the knife blade like the watches in Salvador Dali's surrealistic paintings, you're on the right track. Scoop up as much of the escaping lemon juices as you work, and add them to the bowl of sliced lemons. Chop the thinly sliced lemons coarsely, so that the largest pieces of lemon rind and pith are only 1 inch long, again gathering escaping juices back into the bowl for their fl <END>
INPUT: fiori, zucchine, zucchini flowers, anchovy filets, mozzarella, eggs, all purpose flour
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fiori Di Zucchine: Fried Zucchini Flowers | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 12 zucchini flowers; 12 anchovy filets; 1 pound mozzarella, sliced and cut into narrow strips; 2 eggs, beaten; 1/2 cup all-purpose flour; 1/2 cup white wine; Extra-virgin olive oil for frying; Salt | INSTRUCTIONS: With a dry dishtowel, gently brush off any dirt on the flower. Do not rinse with water. Stuff the zucchini flowers with an anchovy filet and a strip of mozzarella. Gently squeeze the flower petals to seal the stuffing inside. For the batter: Mix the eggs, all-purpose flour, and wine together until the consistency is smooth and even. Heat up 3 inches of extra-virgin olive oil in a pot with high sides to 350 degrees F. Gently coat the stuffed zucchini flowers in the batter. Fry the zucchini flowers in batches in the oil until golden brown. Place them on paper towels to absorb the excess oil, and <END>
INPUT: martinis, Plymouth gin, Sherry, pepper jelly, orange bitters, Ice cubes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pepper Martinis | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups Plymouth gin, divided; 4 tablespoons dry Sherry (such as La Ina or Tio Pepe), divided; 8 teaspoons pepper jelly, divided; 4 teaspoons orange bitters (such as Regans' No. 6), divided; Ice cubes; 8 Tomolives*; *Tiny pickled green tomatoes; available at specialty foods stores and online from oldsouth.com and igourmet | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine 1/2 cup gin, 1 tablespoon Sherry, 2 teaspoons pepper jelly, and 1 teaspoon orange bitters in cocktail shaker. Fill with ice cubes and shake vigorously. Strain into 2 Martini glasses. Repeat 3 times for 6 more drinks. Garnish each with 1 Tomolive and serve. Combine 1/2 cup gin, 1 tablespoon Sherry, 2 teaspoons pepper jelly, and 1 teaspoon orange bitters in cocktail shaker. Fill with ice cubes and shake vigorously. Strain into 2 Martini glasses. Repeat 3 times for 6 more drinks. Garnish each with 1 Tomolive and serve. <END>
INPUT: sandwiches, Peanut Butter Ice, Peanut Butter Cookies, jelly jam
OUTPUT: TITLE: Peanut Butter and Jelly Ice Cream Sandwiches | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 recipe Peanut Butter Ice cream; 1 recipe Peanut Butter Cookies; 3/4 cup jelly or jam, at room temperature | INSTRUCTIONS: Prepare the peanut butter ice cream and let harden in the freezer for about 6 hours. Prepare the dough for peanut butter cookies and divide the dough into 16 walnut-size balls. Proceed with the recipe from there, baking the cookies 10 to 12 minutes at 350 degrees. Let cool completely. To assemble the ice cream sandwiches remove the ice cream from the freezer and let it stand at room temperature for about 5 minutes to soften slightly. Spread a layer of jam on the flat side of each peanut butter cookie. Place a scoop of peanut butter ice cream in the center of half the cookies, on top of the jam <END>
INPUT: waldorf, salad, lentils, Granny Smith apples, celery, regular low fat, lemon juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Waldorf Salad with Lentils and Pine Nuts | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 cup lentils; 2 medium Granny Smith apples, halved, cored, diced; 1 cup diced celery; 1/2 cup regular or low-fat mayonnaise; 3 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 1/2 teaspoon sugar; 1/4 teaspoon ground allspice; 1/3 cup pine nuts, toasted | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook lentils in medium saucepan of boiling salted water until just tender, about 25 minutes. Drain; rinse. Drain again. Place lentils in large bowl. Add apples and celery. Whisk mayonnaise, lemon juice, sugar and allspice in small bowl to blend. Mix dressing into lentil salad. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Sprinkle with pine nuts. Cover and refrigerate at least 2 and up to 8 hours. Cook lentils in medium saucepan of boiling salted water until just tender, about 25 minutes. Drain; rinse. Drain again. Place lentils in large bowl. Add apples and celery. Whisk mayonnaise, lemon juice, suga <END>
INPUT: cake mix, flaked coconut, pippin apples, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Quick Apple Küchen | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 18 1/4-ounce package yellow cake mix; 1/2 cup sweetened flaked coconut; 1/2 cup (1 stick) unsalted butter, room temperature; 4 small pippin apples, peeled, cored, thinly sliced; 1/4 cup plus 2 tablespoons sugar; 1 teaspoon cinnamon; 1 cup sour cream; 1 egg | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350°F. Butter 9x13-inch baking dish. Combine cake mix and coconut in large bowl. Add butter and cut in, using fingers or pastry blender, until mixture is crumbly. Press mixture onto bottom and 1 inch up sides of prepared baking dish. Bake until edges of crust are golden brown, about 10 minutes. Arrange apples over crust. Sprinkle apples with 1/4 cup sugar and 1 teaspoon cinnamon. Whisk sour cream, egg and remaining 2 tablespoons sugar in small bowl to blend. Pour mixture evenly over apples. Bake until apples are tender and custard is set, about 40 minutes. Serve warm. Preheat o <END>
INPUT: American, bliss potatoes, Kosher salt pepper, grapeseed oil, garlic powder, paprika
OUTPUT: TITLE: BBQ Chicken | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 3 ounces red bliss potatoes, halved; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 3 ounces grapeseed oil; 1 teaspoon garlic powder; 1 teaspoon paprika; 1/2 chicken; 1 cup store-bought BBQ sauce, such as Cattlemen's, plus more if needed; 3 ounces broccoli florets | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Season the potatoes with 1 1/2 teaspoons salt and 1 teaspoon pepper and coat with 1/2-ounce of the oil. Roast the potatoes for 15 minutes. Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Mix 1 1/2 teaspoons salt, 1 teaspoon pepper, the garlic powder and paprika. Sprinkle the seasoning on the chicken, then sear skin-side-down in a hot pan with 1/2-ounce oil. Brush the chicken with the BBQ sauce then roast skin-side-up until the internal temperature of the breast is 160 degrees F, 15 to 20 minutes. Rest the chicken for 5 minutes. Bring a pot of salted water to a boil. Blanc <END>
INPUT: mediterranean, King Soba rice, virgin olive oil, beans, cherry tomatoes, olives
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mediterranean Rice Noodles | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 package King Soba rice noodles; 2 to 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1/2 pound fresh green beans, ends snipped off; About 10 cherry tomatoes, halved; 1/4 cup pitted olives; 8 to 10 fresh basil leaves, torn; Zest and juice of 1 lemon; 1 to 2 teaspoons sea salt; Freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook the rice noodles according to the directions on the package, then run them under cold water, and drain them well. In a medium bowl, toss the noodles with the olive oil. While the noodles are cooking, bring 4 cups of salted water to a boil. Have a bowl of ice water ready nearby. Blanch the green beans in the boiling water until they are tender and bright green, about 2 minutes, then remove them from the hot water and immediately submerge them in the ice water to stop the cooking. Drain them, and cut each bean into thirds. Stir the beans, tomatoes, olives, basil, lemon zest, lemon juice, sa <END>
INPUT: vinaigrette, blanched hazelnuts, coriander seeds, shallots, sherry vinegar, honey
OUTPUT: TITLE: Carrots with Orange-Hazelnut Vinaigrette | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons blanched hazelnuts; 1/2 teaspoon whole coriander seeds; 1 tablespoon finely chopped shallots; 1 tablespoon sherry vinegar; 1/2 teaspoon honey; Kosher salt; Pinch cayenne pepper; 2 small oranges; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1 pound carrots with tops, trimmed (halved lengthwise if very thick) | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Spread the hazelnuts out on a baking sheet and toast until golden, 8 to 10 minutes. Cool and slightly crush (the bottom of a measuring cup works well). Add the coriander to a small skillet and swirl over medium heat until toasted, about 2 minutes. Crack the coriander and add to a baking dish along with the hazelnuts, shallots, vinegar, honey, 1/2 teaspoon salt, the cayenne and the juice of 1 orange. Whisk in the olive oil in a slow and steady stream. Set aside. Fit a medium, shallow pot with a steamer insert and add about an inch of water. Bring to a simmer,  <END>
INPUT: cranberry, coconut, cake flour, baking powder, salt, milk, water
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cranberry Coconut Layer Cake | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 cups cake flour (not self-rising); 1 tablespoon baking powder; 1 teaspoon salt; 1 cup whole milk; 1/2 cup water; 1 1/2 teaspoons vanilla; 2 1/2 sticks (1 1/4 cups) unsalted butter, softened; 1 cup sugar; 5 large eggs; 1 vanilla bean; a 12-ounce bag fresh or unthawed frozen cranberries (about 3 1/2 cups); 1 1/3 cups sugar; 1 cup water; 2 large egg whites; 1 cup sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: Make cake layers: Preheat oven to 350°F. Butter three 8- by 2-inch round cake pans and line bottoms with rounds of wax paper. Butter paper and dust with flour, knocking out excess flour. Into a bowl sift together flour, baking powder, and salt. In a glass measure stir together milk, water, and vanilla. In a large bowl with an electric mixer beat butter on medium speed 1 minute. Gradually beat in sugar and beat mixture until light and fluffy, about 2 minutes. Add eggs 1 at a time, beating well after each addition. With mixer on low speed add flour and milk mixtures alternately in 4 batches, beg <END>
INPUT: pancakes, milk, eggs, all purpose flour, cornstarch, baking powder
OUTPUT: TITLE: Duck Fat Pancakes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups whole milk; 2 large eggs; 2 cups plus 1 tablespoon all-purpose flour; 1/4 cup plus 1 1/2 teaspoons cornstarch; 1 teaspoon baking powder; 1 teaspoon sugar; 1/4 teaspoon kosher salt; Duck fat or clarified unsalted butter, melted (about 1 cup); Pure maple syrup; Ingredient info: Look for rendered duck fat in the freezer section of better supermarkets, at specialty foods stores, and online at dartagnan.com | INSTRUCTIONS: Whisk milk and eggs in a large bowl to blend. Whisk flour, cornstarch, baking powder, sugar, and salt in a medium bowl. Add dry ingredients to egg mixture; whisk just to blend. Cover and chill for up to 1 hour. Melt duck fat in a large skillet to a depth of 1/3" over medium heat. Using a 1/4-cup measure and working in batches, spoon batter into skillet. Cook until pancakes are slightly puffed and golden brown and bubbles form and begin to pop along edges, 1-2 minutes. Flip and cook until golden brown and cooked through, 1-2 minutes longer. Using a slotted spoon, transfer pancakes to a paper to <END>
INPUT: three, dressing, cubes rustic rosemary, porcini mushrooms, boiling water, vegetable oil, prosciutto
OUTPUT: TITLE: Three-Mushroom Dressing with Prosciutto | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 8 cups 1/2-inch cubes rustic rosemary bread (from one 14 1/2-ounce loaf); 1 ounce dried porcini mushrooms*; 2 cups boiling water; 4 teaspoons vegetable oil; 1 3-ounce package thinly sliced prosciutto, cut crosswise into 1/4-inch-wide slices; 6 tablespoons (3/4 stick) butter; 1/2 pound small button mushrooms, trimmed; 1/2 pound small fresh shiitake mushrooms, stemmed, quartered; 1 cup chopped onion; 3 garlic cloves, minced; 2 1/2 teaspoons crushed dried rosemary; 1 cup dry white wine; 1 cup chopped green onions, divided; 2 large eggs, beaten to blend; 1 cup (about) low-salt chicken broth | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350°F. Spread bread cubes in single layer on large rimmed baking sheet. Bake until lightly browned and slightly crisp, about 18 minutes. Cool. Combine porcini mushrooms and 2 cups boiling water in medium bowl; let stand until mushrooms are soft, about 30 minutes. Strain, reserving soaking liquid. Chop mushrooms. Heat oil in heavy large skillet over medium-high heat. Add prosciutto and cook until crisp, stirring occasionally, about 4 minutes. Transfer to paper towels. Melt butter in same skillet over medium-high heat. Add button mushrooms, shiitake mushrooms, and onion to skille <END>
INPUT: brochettes, garlic, balsamic vinegar, olive oil, Salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Balsamic Chicken and Fig Brochettes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 boneless, skinless chicken breasts; 2 cloves garlic, chopped; 1/2 cup/125 ml balsamic vinegar; 1/2 cup/125 ml olive oil; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 4 fresh figs, halved | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: wooden skewers that have been soaked in water for several hours Cut the chicken into 1-inch/2.5 cm cubes and put them into a glass bowl. Combine the garlic, vinegar, and oil and pour it over the chicken. Cover and let marinate for a few hours, turning now and again. Meanwhile, soak wooden skewers in water. Preheat a grill. Before grilling, skewer the chicken cubes and fig halves alternately on skewers, without shoving them right up against each other. Grill on both sides until the chicken in fully cooked, about 10 minutes. <END>
INPUT: filet, salmon, wine, carrots, bay leaves, pepper salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Poached Filet of Salmon with Herb Mayonnaise | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound salmon, skin on; 1 cup dry white wine; 2 carrots, peeled, chopped; 3 bay leaves; White pepper and salt; Sprig of thyme; 1 lemon, juiced; 10 cups water; 1/2 cup diced celery; Herb Mayonnaise, recipe follows; 1cup mayonnaise; 1 lemon, juiced; 1/4 cup watercress leaves; 1/4 cup fresh parsley; 1/4 cup fresh dill | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine all ingredients except salmon in medium saucepan. Simmer for about 15 minutes. Carefully place salmon, skin side down, in liquid. The liquid should completely cover the fish. Poach salmon until done, about 10-15 minutes, depending on the size of the fish. When salmon is cooked, carefully remove it from the poaching liquid and let cool about 30 minutes. Serve chilled with Herb mayonnaise.; In food processor, combine all ingredients until smooth, about 2 minutes. Refrigerate until ready to serve. Yield: 1 1/2 cups <END>
INPUT: aioli, garlic, virgin olive oil, water, Kosher salt, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Anchovy Aioli | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cloves garlic, peeled and minced; Extra-virgin olive oil; 1 tablespoon water; Kosher salt; Freshly ground black pepper; 1 jumbo egg yolk; 1 lemon, juiced; 1/2 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 2 anchovy fillets; 1/2 cup sour cream | INSTRUCTIONS: Add the garlic, egg, anchovy, lemon juice, salt and pepper in a blender and process. Pour in the olive oil in a slow, steady stream until the aioli emulsifies. Fold in sour cream and adjust seasoning with salt and pepper. <END>
INPUT: shots, sorbet, Mellon baller, favored liqueur
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sorbet Shots | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pint sorbet; Mellon baller; 3/4 cup favored liqueur | INSTRUCTIONS: Place small scoops of sorbet, using a melon baller, into shot glasses (only 1 flavor per glass). Top sorbet with about 1 tablespoon of matching flavored liqueur. <END>
INPUT: Italian, salad, quinoa, virgin olive oil, apricots, Kosher salt pepper, baby arugula
OUTPUT: TITLE: Quinoa Salad with Apricots, Basil and Pistachios | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup quinoa, rinsed and strained; 2 1/2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 12 dried apricots, finely diced, or 1/2 cup packed golden seedless raisins; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 5 cups packed baby arugula (about 5 ounces); 1/4 cup thinly sliced fresh basil; Juice of 1 large lemon (about 1/4 cup); 1/2 cup shelled lightly salted pistachios; 3 ounces soft goat cheese, crumbled | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring 2 cups water to a boil in a small saucepan over high heat. Stir in the quinoa. Cover, reduce the heat to low and cook until the liquid is just absorbed and the quinoa is moist and nearly tender, about 15 minutes. Transfer the quinoa to a large bowl and immediately stir in the oil, apricots, 1 1/4 teaspoons salt and 3/4 teaspoon pepper. Set aside to cool slightly, about 20 minutes, stirring a couple times. Refrigerate until chilled, at least 2 hours. When the quinoa is cool and ready to serve, stir in the arugula, basil, lemon juice and pistachios. Add salt and pepper to taste. Sprinkle w <END>
INPUT: parchment, sauce, bottled clam juice, morels, vegetable oil, sea bass fillets, wine
OUTPUT: TITLE: Parchment-Baked Sea Bass with Morels and Red Wine Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cups bottled clam juice; 3/4 ounce dried morels, rinsed, drained; 2 teaspoons vegetable oil; 2 8-ounce sea bass fillets (each about 1 1/2 inches thick); 2/3 cup dry red wine; 1 tablespoon minced shallots; 1 1/2 teaspoons cornstarch | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring 1 1/4 cups clam juice to boil in small saucepan. Add morels; remove from heat. Let stand until soft, about 35 minutes. Strain mixture; reserve morels and soaking liquid separately. Preheat oven to 475°F. To form heart-shape packets, stack two 14-inch squares of parchment or foil and fold in half, forming rectangle. Cut into half-heart shape. Open hearts; brush each with oil. Place 1 fish fillet on 1 half of each heart. Sprinkle fish with salt and pepper. Top fish with morels, dividing equally. Fold parchment or foil over fish, folding edges over tightly to seal and enclosing fish complet <END>
INPUT: warm, salad, olive oil vinegar, bagged baby spinach, artichoke hearts, hard boiled eggs, crumbled real bacon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Warm Spinach Salad with Eggs and Bacon | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup olive oil and vinegar dressing; 4 cups bagged baby spinach; 1 cup quartered artichoke hearts; 2 hard boiled eggs, sliced; 1/4 cup crumbled real bacon pieces | INSTRUCTIONS: In a microwave-safe bowl, heat dressing in microwave on HIGH for 30 seconds. In a large bowl, combine spinach, artichoke hearts, eggs, and bacon. Pour warm dressing over top and toss to dress salad. Serve immediately. <END>
INPUT: pilaf, shallot, olive oil, long grain rice, ginger, cinnamon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fuyu Persimmon Rice Pilaf | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup finely chopped shallot; 1 tablespoon olive oil; 1 cup long-grain white rice; 1 tablespoon finely chopped peeled fresh ginger; 1/4 teaspoon cinnamon; 1 cup chicken broth; 3/4 cup water; 1/2 lb firm-ripe Fuyu persimmons, peeled, seeded if necessary, and chopped; 1/2 cup finely chopped fresh cilantro; Fresh lemon juice to taste | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook shallot in oil in a 1 1/2- to 2-quart heavy saucepan over moderate heat, stirring occasionally, until golden, 2 to 5 minutes. Reduce heat to low, then add rice, ginger, and cinnamon and cook, stirring, 1 minute. Add broth and water and bring to a boil. Reduce heat to low and cook, covered, until rice is tender, about 20 minutes. Remove pan from heat and let stand, covered, 5 minutes. Fluff rice with a fork and stir in persimmons, cilantro, lemon juice, and salt and pepper to taste. Serve warm. Cook shallot in oil in a 1 1/2- to 2-quart heavy saucepan over moderate heat, stirring occasiona <END>
INPUT: brined, kosher salt more, bay leaves, coriander seeds, peppercorns more
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cider-Brined Pork Roast with Potatoes and Onions | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup (packed) light brown sugar; 1 cup kosher salt plus more; 8 bay leaves, divided; 3 tablespoons coriander seeds, divided; 1 teaspoon black peppercorns plus more freshly ground; 1 quart unfiltered apple cider; 1 8-bone pork loin roast (about 5 pounds), chine bone removed, rib bones frenched, tied with kitchen twine; 6 Yukon Gold potatoes (about 2 pounds), unpeeled, quartered; 4 medium red and/or yellow onions, halved, stem ends intact; 5 tablespoons olive oil, divided | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring brown sugar, 1 cup salt, 2 bay leaves, 1 tablespoon coriander seeds, 1 teaspoon peppercorns, and 2 cups water to a boil in a medium saucepan. Reduce heat and simmer, stirring occasionally, until sugar and salt dissolve, about 4 minutes. Transfer brine to a large bowl and add cider and 2 cups ice. Let cool. Place pork and brine in a large (2-gallon) resealable plastic bag. Seal bag and chill at least 8 hours. Remove pork from brine and pat dry with paper towels. Let sit at room temperature 1 hour. Toss potatoes and onions with 4 tablespoons oil in a large roasting pan or on a large rimmed <END>
INPUT: cheesy, round loaf Hawaiian, onions, pkg.
OUTPUT: TITLE: VELVEETA Cheesy Hawaiian Dip | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 round loaf Hawaiian bread (1 lb.); 1 lb. (16 oz.) VELVEETA Pasteurized Prepared Cheese Product, cut into 1/2-inch cubes; 1 can (10 oz.) RO*TEL Diced Tomatoes & Green Chilies, undrained; 1/3 cup chopped red onions; 1 pkg. (8 oz.) OSCAR MAYER Smoked Ham, chopped; 1 can (8 oz.) crushed pineapple, drained | INSTRUCTIONS: HEAT oven to 350 degrees F. Cut slice from top of bread loaf; remove center of loaf, leaving 1-inch-thick shell. Cut removed bread into bite-size pieces; cover and set aside for later use. Place bread shell on baking sheet. Bake 8 to 10 min. or until lightly toasted. Cool slightly. MIX VELVEETA, tomatoes and onions in large microwaveable bowl. Microwave on HIGH 5 min. or until VELVEETA is completely melted, stirring after 3 min. Stir-in ham and pineapple. Pour into bread shell. SERVE with reserved bread pieces and assorted fresh vegetable dippers. <END>
INPUT: pizzette, Flour, pizza dough, Onion Marmalade, House Sausage, Smoked Slaw
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sausage and Smoked Slaw Pizzette | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Flour, for dusting; 1 pound pizza dough; 1/2 cup Red Onion Marmalade, recipe follows; 8 ounces House Sausage, recipe follows; 1/2 cup Smoked Slaw, recipe follows; Salt and pepper; 3 large red onions; Salt; 1/2 cup dark balsamic vinegar, divided; 1/4 cup sugar; Splash water; 1/4 cup chopped garlic; 1/4 cup grated onion; 4 sprigs fresh oregano, leaves chopped; 1/4 cup chopped fresh Italian parsley | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: Handful hickory wood chips Preheat your oven to 500 degrees F. Dust a workstation with flour and cut the dough in half. When the dough is at room temperature, stretch it or roll it out using a rolling pin; you want a thin pizza dough, approximately 1/4-thick at the most. (A pizzette is a rustic oval shape though it will work in the more traditional circle.) Place the dough onto a sheet of parchment paper on a sheet tray and bake in the oven until the dough has set and started to brown, about 3 minutes. Remove from the oven and spread a thin layer of Red Onion Marmalade. Crum <END>
INPUT: onion, lemons, avocados, virgin olive oil, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Marinated Avocado | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 red onion, thinly sliced; 3 lemons, juiced; 8 ripe avocados, peeled, pitted, and halved; 1/2 cup extra-virgin olive oil, plus more for grilling; 1 tablespoon finely minced garlic; Gray salt; Freshly ground black pepper; 1/4 cup minced Italian parsley leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: Slice the red onion and put it in a bowl with the lemon juice. Dice the avocado, add it to the bowl, and toss well to coat. Add the olive oil and garlic and season with salt and pepper. Just before serving stir in the parsley. <END>
INPUT: butter, onions, garlic, bratwurst links
OUTPUT: TITLE: Bratwurst in Beer | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup butter; 2 medium onions, sliced into thin rings; 4 garlic cloves, finely chopped (optional); 3 to 4 (12-ounce) cans cheap beer (Wisconsin fans insist on Pabst Blue Ribbon); 8 bratwurst links; 8 small, crusty hoagie rolls<; Whole-grain mustard; Dill pickle spears | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. Prepare the grill for a medium-hot fire 2. Place the butter in a medium disposable foil roasting pan. Place the pan on the grill rack and cook until the butter melts. Add the onions and garlic (if using); cook until softened, three to five minutes. Add the beer and bring to a simmer. Place the pan on the low heat zone and keep the onion mixture warm. 3. Place the bratwurst on the grill rack. Grill, turning occasionally, until evenly charred, four to five minutes. Transfer the bratwurst to the onion mixture and let stand until ready to serve. 4. With tongs, place the bratwurst in the rolls.  <END>
INPUT: scottadito, charred, garlic, rosemary, olive oil, lamb chops, Kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lamb Chops Scottadito With Charred Cherry Tomatoes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 garlic cloves, finely chopped; 1/2 cup finely chopped rosemary; 1/4 cup olive oil, plus more for drizzling; 12 lamb rib chops (about 2 1/4 pounds total); Kosher salt, freshly ground pepper; 1 pound cherry tomatoes, preferably on the vine | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine garlic, rosemary, and 1/4 cup oil in a large bowl. Working one at a time, pound lamb chops between 2 sheets of plastic wrap to about 1/4" thick; trim any excess fat. Season with salt and pepper and add to marinade; turn to coat. Cover and chill at least 2 hours and up to 1 day. Prepare a grill for medium-high heat. Remove lamb chops from marinade and wipe off marinade. Grill lamb chops, turning often and moving around on grill as needed, until charred on both sides, about 3 minutes. Transfer to a platter. Drizzle tomatoes with oil; season with salt and pepper. Grill in a grill basket o <END>
INPUT: Mexican, salad, croutons, loaf crusty French, avocados, basket cherry tomatoes, cilantro leaves, tomatillos
OUTPUT: TITLE: Avocado and Tomatillo Salad with Croutons | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1/3 loaf crusty French or Italian bread or sourdough; 2 avocados, peeled and seeded; 1 basket cherry tomatoes, red, yellow or both, washed and stemmed; 2 bunches cilantro leaves, washed; 5 tomatillos, peeled, cored and washed; 1 tablespoon fresh lime juice; 2 tablespoons white vinegar; 1 teaspoon salt; 1/2 teaspoon fresh black pepper; 1 bunch scallions, washed and sliced thinly; 4 leaves of lettuce for lining plates; 1/2 cup olive oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Cut bread, with crusts, into 3/4-inch cubes. In a frying pan, heat 2 tablespoons olive oil and add bread cubes shaking to lightly coat. Sprinkle with salt and fresh ground pepper to taste, reduce heat to medium low and toast croutons shaking occasionally for 15 minutes. Remove from heat and cool to room temperature. Dice the avocados in 3/4-inch cubes, place in a bowl. Cut cherry tomatoes in half, add to avocados along with cilantro leaves. In a blender or mini chopper, place tomatillos, lime juice, vinegar, the remaining 2 tablespoons olive oil, salt, black pepper and blend well to make dress <END>
INPUT: Italian, Kalamata olives, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Rigatoni with Brie, Grape Tomatoes, Olives, and Basil | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 (12-ounce) wedge Brie, rind removed, cheese cut into 1/2-inch cubes (about 2 cups); 1 (12-ounce) package grape or cherry tomatoes, each halved; 1/2 cup quartered pitted Kalamata olives; 2 large garlic cloves, minced; 1/4 teaspoon (generous) dried crushed red pepper; 1 cup (packed) fresh basil leaves, coarsely chopped, plus sprigs for garnish; 3/4 pound rigatoni | INSTRUCTIONS: Off heat, place cheese, tomatoes, olives, garlic, and crushed red pepper in large skillet. Stir, separating cheese pieces. Mix in chopped basil. Meanwhile, cook pasta in large pot of boiling salted water until just tender but still firm to bite. Drain, reserving 1/2 cup pasta cooking liquid. Add hot pasta and 1/4 cup reserved pasta liquid to skillet with cheese mixture. Place over medium heat and toss until cheese is partially melted and sauce coats pasta, adding more reserved pasta liquid by tablespoonfuls if dry, about 5 minutes. Season pasta to taste with salt. Transfer to large shallow bow <END>
INPUT: Mexican, ranchero, butter, onion, bell pepper, jalapeño pepper, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Ranchero Sauce | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon butter; 1/2 cup chopped onion; 1/2 cup chopped green bell pepper; 1 jalapeño pepper, chopped; 1 large garlic clove, chopped; 1 1/2 teaspoons ground cumin; 1/4 teaspoon cayenne pepper; 2 cups canned chicken broth; 1 8-ounce can tomato sauce; 1/4 cup chopped fresh cilantro | INSTRUCTIONS: Melt butter in heavy large skillet over medium heat. Add next 6 ingredients and sauté until vegetables are soft, about 5 minutes. Add broth and tomato sauce and cook until sauce thickens and reduces to 1 1/2 cups, stirring frequently, about 20 minutes. Mix in cilantro. Melt butter in heavy large skillet over medium heat. Add next 6 ingredients and sauté until vegetables are soft, about 5 minutes. Add broth and tomato sauce and cook until sauce thickens and reduces to 1 1/2 cups, stirring frequently, about 20 minutes. Mix in cilantro. <END>
INPUT: cipolline onions boiling, beef stock beef, balsamic vinegar, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Balsamic Cipolline Onions | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 pounds cipolline onions* or boiling onions; 2 cups beef stock or canned beef broth; 2 1/2 tablespoons balsamic vinegar; 2 tablespoons (1/4 stick) butter; 1 teaspoon sugar; 2 tablespoons minced fresh parsley; *Available at specialty foods stores | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook onions in large pot of boiling water 3 minutes. Drain and cool. Cut off root ends, then peel. Combine peeled onions, beef stock, 2 tablespoons balsamic vinegar, butter and sugar in heavy large skillet. Bring to simmer over medium heat. Cover; simmer until onions are crisp-tender, about 15 minutes. Add 1/2 tablespoon vinegar. Simmer uncovered until syrupy, stirring occasionally, about 25 minutes. Season with salt and pepper. Mix in 1 tablespoon parsley. Transfer to bowl. Sprinkle with 1 tablespoon parsley. Cook onions in large pot of boiling water 3 minutes. Drain and cool. Cut off root en <END>
INPUT: American, poivre, all purpose flour, butter, beef stock, peppercorns, New York strip
OUTPUT: TITLE: Steak Au Poivre | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1-ounce all-purpose flour; 1-ounce butter; 8 ounces beef stock; 1 tablespoon crushed peppercorns; 14 to 16-ounces New York strip steak, trimmed; 1-ounce olive oil; 1 tablespoon chopped shallots; Pinch minced garlic; 2 ounces brandy; 2 ounces heavy cream; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; Freshly chopped parsley leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: For the brown sauce: Make a roux: add the flour and butter to a small bowl and whisk until combined. Put beef stock in saucepan, over low heat, and bring to a simmer. Whisk in the roux and combine until smooth. No lumps! For the Steak au Poivre: With a meat mallet gently pound the peppercorns onto both sides of steak. Place a saucepan on medium heat, add olive oil and heat until smoking. Add the steak, turning once or twice until cooked to desired doneness. Add shallots and garlic and stir. Do not allow to burn. Remove pan from heat and deglaze with brandy. Light brandy with a long kitchen mat <END>
INPUT: American, torte, Pillsbury® refrigerated chocolate, sugar, egg, miniature semisweet chocolate
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate Chip-Peanut Butter Torte | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups Pillsbury® refrigerated chocolate chip cookies (from 5-lb 4-oz container); 1 package (8 oz) cream cheese, softened; 1/4 cup sugar; 1 egg; 1 cup miniature semisweet chocolate chips; 1 cup chopped honey-roasted peanuts; 1 cup butterscotch chips; 1/4 cup peanut butter; 1/4 cup chocolate-flavor syrup | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat oven to 350 degrees F. In ungreased 10- or 9-inch springform pan, break up cookie dough. With floured fingers, press dough evenly in bottom of pan to form crust. Bake 15 to 18 minutes or until light golden brown. Cool 10 minutes. Meanwhile, in medium bowl, beat cream cheese with electric mixer on medium speed until light and fluffy. Beat in sugar and egg until well blended. Stir in 1/2 cup of the chocolate chips and 1/2 cup of the peanuts. Pour over cooled crust; spread evenly. In medium microwavable bowl, microwave butterscotch chips uncovered on High 1 minute, stirring twice, until melt <END>
INPUT: pojarski, sauce, well veal, well pork, bread crumbs, heavy cream, nutmeg taste
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pojarski with Lemon Caper Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound well chilled ground veal; 1/2 pound well chilled ground pork; 3 cups fresh bread crumbs; 1/2 cup heavy cream; Freshly grated nutmeg to taste; 2 large eggs, lightly beaten; 2 tablespoons vegetable oil; 3/4 stick unsalted butter; 1/2 cup fresh lemon juice; 1 1/2 tablespoons drained bottled capers, chopped; 3 tablespoons minced fresh parsley leaves; Salt and pepper to taste | INSTRUCTIONS: In a food processor blend the veal, pork, 1 cup of bread crumbs, cream, nutmeg, and salt and pepper to taste until the mixture is combined well and form 1/2 cupfuls of the mixture into 1/2-inch thick patties. Have ready in separate bowls the eggs, and the remaining 2 cups bread crumbs. Dip the patties, 1 at a time, in the egg, letting the excess drip off, dredge them in the bread crumbs, and transfer them to a baking sheet lined with waxed paper. Chill the patties on the baking sheet for 30 minutes. In a large heavy skillet heat the oil and 2 tablespoons of butter over moderately high heat unt <END>
INPUT: salad, fingerling potatoes, garlic, bay leaf, Kosher salt, bell peppers
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Potato and Pepper Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 pounds fingerling potatoes; 6 cloves garlic, crushed; 1 bay leaf; Kosher salt; 4 bell peppers (red and/or yellow), stemmed and quartered; 2 bunches scallions, trimmed; 5 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 2 to 3 tablespoons sherry vinegar; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley | INSTRUCTIONS: Put the potatoes, garlic and bay leaf in a saucepan; cover with water and season with salt. Bring to a boil, lower the heat and simmer until almost tender, about 5 minutes. Drain, discarding the bay leaf; transfer the potatoes to a bowl (halve any that are large). Add the peppers and scallions; drizzle with 2 tablespoons olive oil, season with salt and toss. Preheat a grill to medium. Grill the vegetables, turning occasionally, until the potatoes are tender and the peppers and scallions are charred, 3 minutes for the scallions and 5 to 6 minutes for the potatoes and peppers. Transfer to a cutt <END>
INPUT: salad, vinaigrette, pecan halves, apple cider vinegar, honey, Kosher salt, shallot
OUTPUT: TITLE: Kale and Persimmon Salad with Pecan Vinaigrette | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup pecan halves; 2/3 cup apple cider vinegar; 1 1/2 teaspoon honey; Kosher salt; 1 medium shallot, thinly sliced; 1 1/2 teaspoons Dijon mustard; Freshly ground black pepper; 1/3 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 10 ounces baby kale (about 16 cups); 3 ripe Fuyu persimmons, peeled and cut into thin wedges; 1/2 cup crumbled Gorgonzola | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Spread the pecans out on a baking sheet and bake, tossing once, until very golden brown, 8 to 10 minutes. Let cool and very finely chop. Meanwhile, whisk together 1/3 cup vinegar, 1/2 teaspoon honey and a large pinch of salt in a small bowl. Add the shallots and let sit at room temperature, tossing occasionally, until the shallots turn bright pink and are slightly pickled, about 10 minutes. Remove the shallots and set aside (discard the liquid). Whisk together the remaining 1/3 cup vinegar, Dijon mustard, remaining 1 teaspoon honey, 1/2 teaspoon salt and a fe <END>
INPUT: broccoli florets, olive oil, Salt pepper, unsalted butter, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Broccoli with Lemon Garlic Butter and Toasted Pine Nuts | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound broccoli florets; 2 tablespoons olive oil; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1 teaspoon minced garlic; 1/2 teaspoon grated lemon zest; 1 to 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 2 tablespoons pine nuts, toasted | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 500 degrees. In a large bowl, toss the broccoli with the oil and salt and pepper to taste. Arrange the florets in a single layer on a baking sheet and roast, turning once, for 12 minutes, or until just tender. Meanwhile, in a small saucepan, melt the butter over medium heat. Add the garlic and lemon zest and heat, stirring, for about 1 minute. Let cool slightly and stir in the lemon juice. Place the broccoli in a serving bowl, pour the lemon butter over it and toss to coat. Scatter the toasted pine nuts over the top. <END>
INPUT: dressing, lemon zest, lemon juice, honey, buttermilk, plain yogurt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Honey Lemon Buttermilk Dressing | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 teaspoon freshly grated lemon zest; 2 teaspoons fresh lemon juice; 1 tablespoon plus 1 teaspoon honey; 1/2 cup buttermilk; 1/4 cup plain yogurt; 1 tablespoon vegetable oil; 1/4 teaspoon vanilla | INSTRUCTIONS: In a bowl whisk together zest, lemon juice, and honey until combined well and whisk in buttermilk, yogurt, oil, vanilla, and a pinch of salt. In a bowl whisk together zest, lemon juice, and honey until combined well and whisk in buttermilk, yogurt, oil, vanilla, and a pinch of salt. <END>
INPUT: sausages, pita breads, baby romaine, Assorted mustards
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Sausages in Pita Bread | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 20 sausages (such as Italian hot and sweet, or fully cooked varieties like chicken or andouille*), halved crosswise; 10 pita breads, cut in half horizontally; 3 heads of baby romaine, leaves separated, or two 5-ounce bags mixed baby greens; Assorted mustards | INSTRUCTIONS: Prepare barbecue (medium-high heat). Grill Italian sausages until cooked through, turning occasionally, about 10 minutes. Grill fully cooked sausages until heated through, about 7 minutes. Transfer sausages to platter. Cover to keep warm. Arrange pita halves in 2 stacks and wrap in aluminum foil. Place foil packets on grill to warm pita, about 10 minutes. Fill pita halves with lettuce. Place grilled sausage halves atop lettuce in each pita half; serve with mustard. Prepare barbecue (medium-high heat). Grill Italian sausages until cooked through, turning occasionally, about 10 minutes. Grill fu <END>
INPUT: chowder, butter, corn
OUTPUT: TITLE: Corn Chowder | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon butter; 3/4 cup (120 g) chopped onion; 18 ounces (519 g) russet potatoes, cut into 1/2-inch (1.3 cm) cubes; 2 cups (480 ml) vegetable stock; 3 fresh corn ears, shucked, kernels removed OR 3 cups frozen corn kernels, divided use 1/2 cup milksalt and ground black pepper to tastefresh chopped  | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. Heat a medium sauce pan over medium low heat. Saute onion in butter until soft, about 5 minutes. Add potatoes, stock, and 1 cup corn. Simmer with lid on until potatoes are tender, about 15 to 20 minutes. 2. Place mixture and milk into the Vitamix container and secure lid. 3. Select Variable 1. 4. Turn machine on and slowly increase speed to Variable 7. 5. Blend for 10 to 15 seconds. 6. Return mixture to saucepan over low heat. Stir in remaining corn and season with salt and pepper. Serve garnished with fresh chopped parsley. <END>
INPUT: cantaloupes, lime juice, salt, Champagne Prosecco, container blueberries
OUTPUT: TITLE: Melon Juice with Champagne (or Prosecco) | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 ripe cantaloupes, honeydew or other sweet melon; 1 tablespoon lime juice; Pinch salt; 1 bottle Champagne or Prosecco; 1 small container blueberries | INSTRUCTIONS: Peel and seed melons and chop into 2-inch chunks. Place the melon and lime juice in blender or food processor and blend until smooth. Add pinch of salt, to taste. Chill until ready to serve. Pour mixture half way into champagne flutes. Fill the rest of the glass with Champagne or Prosecco. Drop a few blueberries into the glass. <END>
INPUT: sliced, tuna, water, carrots, onion, celery, bay leaves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cold Sliced Veal with a Tuna Vinaigrette | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 to 4 quarts cold water; 2 carrots, chopped; 1 large onion, chopped; 2 celery stalks, chopped; 3 bay leaves; 1 tablespoon dry thyme; 1 tablespoon rosemary; Parsley sprigs; 1 teaspoon salt; 1 teaspoon ground pepper; 3 pound veal roast, preferably shoulder, breast, or top round, uniformly tied; 1/2 cup mayonnaise; 3 tablespoons Dijon mustard; 1/3 lemon juice; 2-ounce jar anchovy fillet | INSTRUCTIONS: Put enough water into a pot large enough to hold the veal on the stove and bring the water to a boil. Add the carrots, onions, celery, bay, thyme, rosemary, parsley, salt and pepper to the boiling water and continue to boil for 15 minutes. Add the veal roast to the bouillon, return to the boil and reduce to a simmer. Cook the veal for 2 hours or until tender. Turn off the heat and allow the veal to cool in the bouillon in which it was cooked. When cool, transfer the liquid and veal to a clean container and refrigerate the veal, covered with the bouillon, overnight. Put the mayonnaise, mustard, <END>
INPUT: cocktail, Beaujolais wine, Angostura bitters, twist lemon peel
OUTPUT: TITLE: Beaujolais Cocktail | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Beaujolais wine; Dash of Angostura bitters; Garnish: twist of lemon peel | INSTRUCTIONS: Fill a chilled cocktail glass almost to capacity with lightly chilled, young Beaujolais. Add a dash of Angostura bitters and stir to blend. Garnish the drink with a lemon-peel twist. Fill a chilled cocktail glass almost to capacity with lightly chilled, young Beaujolais. Add a dash of Angostura bitters and stir to blend. Garnish the drink with a lemon-peel twist. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, pulled, pork butt shoulder, Salt pepper, Vegetable oil, garlic, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pulled Pork | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 5 pounds pork butt or shoulder; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; Vegetable oil, for searing; 2 cloves garlic, chopped; 1 large white onion, medium diced; 1 jalapeno, chopped; 1 (2 liter) bottle cola; 1 cup cooked black beans; 1 red onion, julienne; 2 green onions, sliced thin on the bias; 1/2 cup cilantro leaves; 1/2 cup Spanish extra-virgin olive oil; 1 jalapeno, julienne; 1 bag tortilla chips, optional | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. To prepare the pork, slice the pork into manageable 1-inch thick pieces. Season with salt and pepper. In an ovenproof pan, add the oil and sear the pork on all sides until a golden brown crust has formed. Remove the pork from the pan and add garlic, onion and jalapeno. Saute until tender and add cola. Bring to a boil, and put the pork into the cola. Transfer to the oven and braise for at least 1 hour or until the pork is fork tender. Remove from the oven and allow to cool at room temperature. Do not remove pork until cool. To make the seasonings, shred the ro <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, pine nuts, bell pepper, parsley, Spice Islands Sweet, Spice Islands Mint
OUTPUT: TITLE: Feta Pine Nut Dip | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup pine nuts; 1/2 cup finely chopped red bell pepper; 1/4 cup finely chopped fresh parsley; 2 tablespoons Spice Islands Sweet Basil; 1/4 teaspoon Spice Islands Mint; 6 ounces feta cheese; 1/4 teaspoon Spice Islands Garlic Powder; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 1/8 teaspoon Spice Islands Medium Grind Black Pepper; 1 cup plain yogurt | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Toast pine nuts in a shallow baking pan, stirring occasionally until golden brown, about 7 minutes. Cool and chop finely. Combine nuts, red pepper, parsley, basil and mint in a medium bowl. Crumble feta in small pieces, add to nuts. Whisk garlic, salt, pepper, and yogurt in a small bowl until well blended. Stir into the nut and feta mixture. Chill for one hour. Serve with crackers. <END>
INPUT: coffee, cake, Duncan Hines® Grain, apples, water, eggs, vegetable oil butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Apple Cinnamon Whole Grain Coffee Cake | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 box of Duncan Hines® 100% Whole Grain Apple Cinnamon Muffin Mix; 2 apples, diced and peeled (about 1 - 1 1/2 cups); 1/4 cup water; 2 eggs; 2 tablespoons of vegetable oil or 2 tablespoons melted butter | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven: 350 degrees Grease and flour a 8x8 or 9x9 square pan Empty dry mix into large bowl Stir eggs, water, oil into dry mix until well blended (about 50 strokes) add diced apple pieces Pour batter into prepared pan Open cinnamon apple pouch and squeeze onto surface of cake, using a knife or spatula gently swirl the apple filling into the cake surface. Sprinkle granola pouch over the top of the apple cinnamon Bake in center of oven at 350 degrees until cake is firm in center (28-30 minutes). Cool 15-20 mins document.write(unescape("%3Cscript src='" + (document.location.protocol == "http <END>
INPUT: panini, oil, apples, honey, cardamom, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sweet Apple Fontina Panini | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Cooking oil spray; 4 apples, cored and sliced very thin; 1/4 cup plus 2 tablespoons honey; 1/4 tablespoon ground cardamom; Pinch of salt; 2 cups Limoncello; 1/2 cup sugar; 12 sprigs fresh rosemary; 1 lemon, zested, for garnish; 8 slices broiche bread, sliced to desired thickness; 4 slices fontina; 5 eggs, beaten and reserved in shallow baking dish; Turbinado sugar, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: shallow baking dish Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper and spray with cooking spray. In a large bowl, mix the apples, 2 tablespoons honey, cardamom and salt. Layer the apple mixture in slightly overlapped rows on the prepared baking sheet. Bake for 30 minutes. In medium saucepot, combine the Limoncello, sugar, 1/2 cup water, the remaining1/4 cup honey and rosemary. Bring to a boil over medium-high heat and stir until the sugar is dissolved. Remove from the heat and allow let steep for at least 10 minutes. Strain, reserving rosemary, a <END>
INPUT: frosting, semi sweet chocolate, heavy cream, dark corn syrup
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate Frosting | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound semi-sweet chocolate, roughly chopped; 1 1/2 cup heavy cream; 1/3 cup dark corn syrup, plus more to taste | INSTRUCTIONS: Put the chocolate in a large bowl and set aside. In a small saucepan, whisk together the cream and corn syrup and bring to a boil. Pour the cream mixture over the bowl of chocolate and immediately whisk until smooth. Set aside to cool completely, about 1 hour. Transfer the chocolate mixture to the bowl of a standing electric mixer, or use a hand-held mixer and bowl, and whip on high speed, until creamy and fluffy. Use as desired. May be stored covered in the refrigerator for up to 1 week. <END>
INPUT: Asian, orange juice, hoisin sauce, garlic, Chinese five spice, ginger
OUTPUT: TITLE: Orange-Glazed Squash with Sesame | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups orange juice; 3/4 cup hoisin sauce*; 2 large garlic cloves, minced; 1/2 teaspoon Chinese five-spice powder**; 2 teaspoons minced peeled fresh ginger; 3 1 1/2-pound acorn squash, each cut into 8 wedges, seeded; 3 tablespoons oriental sesame oil; 1 cup chopped green onions; 2 1/2 teaspoons toasted sesame seeds; *Available at Asian markets and in the Asian foods section of some supermarkets; **Chinese five-spice powder is available in the spice section of most supermarkets | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine first 4 ingredients in heavy medium saucepan. Boil over medium heat until reduced to 1 1/3 cups, about 30 minutes. Pour into bowl. Mix in ginger. Cool. (Can be made 1 day ahead. Cover and chill.) Preheat oven to 400°F. Place squash on baking sheet. Brush squash on all sides with sesame oil. Turn squash, 1 cut side down, and bake 15 minutes. Turn squash, skin side down. Brush squash with some hoisin mixture. Bake until tender and well glazed, brushing occasionally with some hoisin mixture, about 50 minutes. Preheat broiler. Generously baste squash with hoisin mixture. Sprinkle with salt <END>
INPUT: spears, asparagus, olive oil, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Asparagus Spears | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound fresh asparagus, trimmed and peeled (see Cook's Note); 4 tablespoons olive oil; 1 teaspoon salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat a grill. Place asparagus on a plate. Drizzle oil over the asparagus and turn spears until they are coated. Sprinkle with salt and turn again. Grill asparagus for 5 minutes over a hot grill. Each minute or so, roll each spear 1/4 turn. Asparagus should begin to brown in spots (indicating that the natural sugars are caramelizing) but should it not be allowed to char. Dripping oil may cause flare-ups. Keep a glass, or spray bottle of water handy to spritz on coals, if necessary. Remove from grill and serve immediately (eating spears with your fingers enhance <END>
INPUT: toast, eggs, reduced fat, maple syrup, sugar, vanilla
OUTPUT: TITLE: Vanilla-Maple French Toast with Warm Berry Preserves | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 9 eggs; 2 1/4 cups whole or reduced-fat (2%) milk; 1/3 cup maple syrup; 1/4 cup sugar; 1 1/2 teaspoons vanilla; 3/4 teaspoon salt; 12 3/4-inch-thick slices French bread; 1/4 cup (1/2 stick) butter, melted; Warm maple syrup; Warm Berry Preserves | INSTRUCTIONS: Whisk eggs in medium bowl to blend. Gradually whisk in milk. Add 1/3 cup maple syrup, sugar, vanilla, and salt; whisk to blend. Divide custard between two 13x9x2-inch glass baking dishes. Arrange bread in single layer in dishes. Let soak 10 minutes. Turn over, cover, and refrigerate overnight. Heat large griddle or heavy large skillet over medium heat. Working in batches, brush griddle with some butter. Add soaked bread; cook until brown on bottom, about 4 minutes. Turn French toast over; cook until bottoms are brown, about 4 minutes. Transfer to plates. Serve with additional syrup and Warm Be <END>
INPUT: American, open, faced, hops, lemons, olive oil, Great Northern beans, tightly basil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Open-Faced Asparagus Sandwich | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: About 4 cups fresh hops (see Cook's Note); 12 whole lemons (zest, rinds and juice will be used throughout the recipe); About 3 1/2 cups olive oil; 1 1/2 cups dried Great Northern white beans; 1 cup tightly packed fresh basil; 5 garlic cloves; 1/2 cup olive oil; Kosher salt and coarsely ground black pepper; Zest and juice of 10 oranges; 1 cup olive oil; 5 shallots, finely diced; 4 red bell peppers; Olive oil, for drizzling; Kosher salt; Olive oil, for drizzling | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. For the hops oil: Fill a glass bottle to the top with the hops, about 4 cups depending on the size of the bottle. Zest and juice 10 of the lemons and reserve for the citrus shallot dressing. Juice the remaining 2 lemons and reserve 1/2 cup juice for the hummus. Slice the lemon rinds and add them to the bottle. Add the olive oil until the bottle is full. Turn the bottle upside down so the hops and rinds float upwards, infusing the oil. The longer the oil sits, the stronger the flavor. Infuse for a minimum of 48 hours, turning the bottle several times a day. For th <END>
INPUT: aromatic, Sauteed Mushrooms, vegetable oil, butter, crimini mushrooms, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Aromatic Lentils and Sauteed Mushrooms | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Sauteed Mushrooms; 1 1/2 tablespoons vegetable oil; 1 1/2 tablespoons butter; 1 pound crimini mushrooms, quartered; 1 clove garlic, smashed; 3 tablespoons coarsely chopped fresh thyme; 1/3 cup balsamic vinegar; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; Lentils; 1 1/2 cups dried green lentils, rinsed and drained; 2 shallots, smashed; 3 cloves garlic, smashed; 5 sprigs fresh thyme; 3 bay leaves; 3 cups water | INSTRUCTIONS: Mushrooms: Put the oil and butter in a saute pan over medium-high heat. Once the butter has melted, add the crimini mushrooms, garlic, and thyme, saute until golden brown, approximately 5 minutes. Add the balsamic vinegar, season with salt and pepper, toss and remove from heat. Reserve the mushrooms to add to the cooked lentils. Lentils: Put the lentils, shallots, garlic, thyme, bay leaves, and water in a pot, bring to a boil, cover and reduce to a simmer, cook until lentils are tender. Remove the bay leaves, garlic, and shallots, and set aside. Strain the lentils and put in a large bowl. Pure <END>
INPUT: French, salad, tarragon vinegar, sugar, Dijon mustard, paprika, olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Butter Lettuce and Radicchio Salad with Strawberries | CUISINE: French | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons tarragon vinegar; 1 tablespoon sugar; 2 teaspoons Dijon mustard; 1/4 teaspoon paprika; 1/2 cup olive oil; 1 large head of radicchio, torn into 1-inch pieces (about 6 cups); 1 head of butter lettuce, torn into 1-inch pieces (about 6 cups); 1 1-pint basket strawberries, hulled, halved; 1/2 cup paper-thin red onion slices | INSTRUCTIONS: Whisk vinegar, sugar, mustard, and paprika in small bowl to blend. Whisk in oil. Season dressing with salt and pepper. Combine radicchio, butter lettuce, strawberries, and onion in large bowl. Toss with enough dressing to coat. Whisk vinegar, sugar, mustard, and paprika in small bowl to blend. Whisk in oil. Season dressing with salt and pepper. Combine radicchio, butter lettuce, strawberries, and onion in large bowl. Toss with enough dressing to coat. <END>
INPUT: Italian, brown, beets, olive oil, water, good quality farro, unsalted butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Farro Spaghetti, Beets, Brown Butter, Poppy Seeds | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound red beets, cleaned; 1/4 cup olive oil; 1/4 cup water; 1 pound good-quality farro or whole wheat spaghetti; 6 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1 heaping tablespoon poppy seeds; 1 teaspoon kosher salt; 1/4 cup pasta water; 1/4 pound goat's milk cheese | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. Preheat the oven to 400°F. Place the beets in a glass or ceramic baking dish. Cover with the olive oil and water. Bake until a tester easily passes through the beets, about 1 1/4 hours. Let cool. 2. Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. 3. Peel the beets and cut into chunks. Add to the bowl of a food processor fitted with a metal blade and process to a rough puree. Add the spaghetti to the boiling water and cook according to the package directions. 4. Add the butter to a 10-inch skillet. Turn on the heat to high. Brown the butter, about 2 minutes. Add the poppy seeds and toast for 2  <END>
INPUT: pureed, soup, onion, garlic, vegetable oil, celery, carrots
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pureed Peanut Butter and Vegetable Soup | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup onion, diced; 1 teaspoon garlic, minced; 1 tablespoon vegetable oil; 1 stalk celery, diced; 4 carrots, diced; 2 cups potatoes, peeled and diced; 2 leeks, white part only, washed well and diced; 4 cups vegetable broth; 1/4 teaspoon cayenne; 1/4 teaspoons ground black pepper; 1/4 teaspoon salt, or to taste; 1/2 cup smooth peanut butter, organic, no sugar preferably; 1/2 cup tahini; Parsley, for garnish, minced; Scallions, for garnish, chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large saucepan, saute the onion and garlic in the oil, stirring until onions are transparent. Add the celery, carrots, potatoes, leeks and broth. Bring the soup to a boil, reduce the heat, cover the pan, and simmer the soup until the vegetables are tender, about 15 minutes. Stir in the cayenne, black pepper, salt, peanut butter and tahini. Transfer the soup to a blender and puree it. Garnish and serve. <END>
INPUT: herbed, water, low sodium fat, salt, sugar snap peas, scallions
OUTPUT: TITLE: Orzo and Herbed Sugar Snap Peas | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 10 cups water; 2 cups low-sodium fat-free chicken broth; 1 1/2 teaspoons salt; 1/2 pound sugar snap peas, trimmed and cut diagonally into 1/2-inch pieces; 3 scallions, chopped; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh dill; 1 1/3 cups orzo (1/2 pound); 1/4 teaspoon black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring water, broth, and 1 teaspoon salt to a boil and blanch sugar snaps 1 minute. Transfer sugar snaps with a slotted spoon to a bowl of cold water to stop cooking, reserving broth, then drain sugar snaps in a colander. Put sugar snaps, scallions, and dill in a bowl. Return broth to a boil and cook orzo, stirring occasionally, until tender. Reserve 1/2 cup broth, then drain orzo in a sieve. Add hot orzo to sugar snap mixture along with pepper and remaining 1/2 teaspoon salt and toss, adding some of reserved broth if pasta seems dry. Bring water, broth, and 1 teaspoon salt to a boil and blanch <END>
INPUT: cornichons, dill, lemon juice, crème fraîche sour, bottles clam juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Poached Salmon Fillets with Dill Crème Fraîche | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 tablespoons chopped cornichons; 3 tablespoons chopped fresh dill; 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice; 1 cup crème fraîche or sour cream; 3 8-ounce bottles clam juice; 3 cups dry white wine; 10 whole peppercorns; 8 fresh dill sprigs; 6 lemon slices; 8 6- to 8-ounce salmon fillets; Butter lettuce, lemon slices and fresh dill sprigs | INSTRUCTIONS: For Sauce: Place cornichons, dill and juice in small bowl and stir to blend. Add crème fraîche and stir gently just until combined; do not overmix or sauce will thin out. Season with salt and pepper. (Can be made 2 days ahead. Cover; chill.) Place cornichons, dill and juice in small bowl and stir to blend. Add crème fraîche and stir gently just until combined; do not overmix or sauce will thin out. Season with salt and pepper. (Can be made 2 days ahead. Cover; chill.) For Salmon: Combine first 5 ingredients in large, deep skillet; bring to simmer over medium heat. Simmer 5 minutes. Reduce heat <END>
INPUT: Italian, tiramisu, raisins, Mount Gay dark, egg yolks, sugar, Italian mascarpone cheese
OUTPUT: TITLE: Rum Raisin Tiramisu | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 cup raisins; 1 cup Mount Gay dark rum, divided, plus 2 tablespoons; 6 extra-large egg yolks, at room temperature; 1/2 cup sugar; 16 to 18 ounces Italian mascarpone cheese; 3/4 cup freshly squeezed orange juice, divided (2 oranges); 1 1/2 teaspoons good vanilla extract; Seeds scraped from 1 vanilla bean; 24 to 30 Italian ladyfingers, or savoiardi; Semisweet chocolate, shaved | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Place the raisins and 2 tablespoons of rum in a bowl, cover with plastic wrap, and place in the microwave on high for 1 minute. Uncover and set aside to cool. Beat the egg yolks and sugar in the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment on high speed for 5 minutes, until very thick and light yellow. Lower the speed to low and mix in the mascarpone until smooth. With the mixer still on low, add 1/2 cup of rum, 1/4 cup of orange juice, the vanilla extract, and the seeds from the vanilla bean. Stir until combined. Pour the remaining 1/2 cup of rum  <END>
INPUT: Indian, yu choy, cubes kabocha squash, unsweetened coconut milk, cilantro
OUTPUT: TITLE: Shrimp Curry with Yu Choy and Kabocha Squash | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound yu choy, bottom 2 inches trimmed, stalks and leaves cut into 1 1/2-inch-wide strips; 4 cups 3/4-inch cubes peeled seeded kabocha squash (from about one 2 3/4-pound squash); 2 13- to 14-ounce cans unsweetened coconut milk, divided; 2/3 cup (packed) Thai basil leaves, divided; 6 large fresh cilantro sprigs; 3 double-leaf kaffir lime leaves,* chopped; 1 tablespoon vegetable oil; 1 large shallot, finely chopped; 2 teaspoons Thai green curry paste*; 1 1/2 tablespoons minced lemongrass*; 2 1/2 tablespoons fish sauce*; 1 tablespoon golden brown sugar; 3/4 pound uncooked medium-size shrimp, peeled, deveined | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring large saucepan of water to boil. Add yu choy. Cook until crisp-tender, about 1 minute. Using strainer, transfer yu choy to colander. Rinse with cold water and set aside. Return water to boil. Add squash. Boil until almost tender, about 4 minutes. Drain, rinse with cold water, and set aside. Blend 1/2 cup coconut milk, 1/3 cup basil, cilantro, and lime leaves in mini processor or blender until herbs are finely chopped and loose paste forms. Heat oil in large nonstick skillet over medium-high heat. Add shallot and curry paste; stir 30 seconds. Add herb paste and lemongrass; stir 1 minute.  <END>
INPUT: Asian, water, rice wine, light soy sauce, cornstarch, beef loin strip, corn oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sichuan "Water Boiled" Beef | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 2 teaspoons rice wine; 1 tablespoon light soy sauce; 3 tablespoons cornstarch; 1 pound beef loin strip steak (or fish fillets, or chicken breasts, or pork loin); 5 tablespoons corn oil, divided; 2 tablespoons Sichuan peppercorns (available in Chinese markets); 1/2 cup dry small red chili; 1/4 pound Chinese celery (or celery); 1/4 pound Chinese leeks (or leeks or scallions); 1/4 pound stem lettuce, romaine lettuce heart (or napa cabbage); 2 tablespoons corn oil; 1 tablespoon chopped scallion; 1/4 cup corn oil; 1 tablespoon fresh ginger, minced; 2 tablespoons chopped scallion | INSTRUCTIONS: To marinate beef: Mix rice wine and soy sauce in a large bowl and add cornstarch gradually while whisking constantly. Slice beef into thin pieces and place into bowl with marinade stirring to coat. Let marinate for at least 30 minutes. Prepare garnish by heating 1 tablespoon of the oil in a saute pan, reserving the other 4 tablespoons. Add the Sichuan peppercorn and dry chili and cook until the chili turns dark red. (Do not allow it to turn black.) Remove the cooked peppercorn and chili to a cutting board and use the side a large chef's knife blade to smash it. Then chop it into pieces and tra <END>
INPUT: spread, sharp Cheddar, bell pepper, scallion, bottled mayonnaise
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cheddar and Green Pepper Spread | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 pound extra-sharp yellow Cheddar, grated coarse; 1/4 pound extra-sharp white Cheddar, grated coarse; 1 green bell pepper, cut into very thin 1-inch-long strips; 1/2 cup thinly sliced scallion; 1/2 cup bottled mayonnaise; 1 1/2 teaspoons Dijon-style mustard; Saltine crackers as an accompaniment | INSTRUCTIONS: In a bowl toss together the Cheddars, the bell pepper, and the scallion, add the mayonnaise, the mustard, and black pepper to taste, and combine the mixture well. The spread keeps, covered and chilled, for 1 week. Serve the spread with crackers. In a bowl toss together the Cheddars, the bell pepper, and the scallion, add the mayonnaise, the mustard, and black pepper to taste, and combine the mixture well. The spread keeps, covered and chilled, for 1 week. Serve the spread with crackers. <END>
INPUT: Asian, dressing, Kosher salt, udon noodles linguine, sesame oil, light soy sauce, ginger
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spicy Thai Noodles with Ginger Peanut Dressing | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: Kosher salt; 1 pound udon noodles or linguine pasta; 2 teaspoons sesame oil; 1/4 cup light soy sauce; 2 teaspoons grated fresh ginger; 2 cloves garlic, minced; 4 Thai chiles, halved lengthwise, and seeds removed; 4 chicken breasts, cut into bite-size cubes; 1/2 cup creamy peanut butter; 1 tablespoon grated fresh ginger; 2 cloves garlic, minced; 3 tablespoons sugar; 1/4 cup rice vinegar; 3 tablespoons soy sauce; 2 tablespoons sesame oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: 6 wooden skewers Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Cook the noodles according to the package directions for al dente. Drain the noodles, then transfer to a large bowl and toss with the sesame oil. Set the noodles aside. In a medium mixing bowl, whisk together the soy sauce, ginger, garlic, and chiles. Add the cubed chicken to the marinade, toss gently to coat the chicken. Cover the bowl and refrigerate for 30 minutes. For the dressing: In a small saucepan, whisk together the peanut butter, ginger, garlic, sugar, rice vinegar, soy sauce, sesame oil, and chile oil,  <END>
INPUT: soup, good olive oil, onions, carrots, garlic, vine ripened tomatoes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cream of Fresh Tomato Soup | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons good olive oil; 1 1/2 cups chopped red onions (2 onions); 2 carrots, unpeeled and chopped; 1 tablespoon minced garlic (3 cloves); 4 pounds vine-ripened tomatoes, coarsely chopped (5 large); 1 1/2 teaspoons sugar; 1 tablespoon tomato paste; 1/4 cup packed chopped fresh basil leaves, plus julienned basil leaves, for garnish; 3 cups chicken stock, preferably homemade; 1 tablespoon kosher salt; 2 teaspoons freshly ground black pepper; 3/4 cup heavy cream; Croutons, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Heat the olive oil in a large, heavy-bottomed pot over medium-low heat. Add the onions and carrots and saute for about 10 minutes, until very tender. Add the garlic and cook for 1 minute. Add the tomatoes, sugar, tomato paste, basil, chicken stock, salt, and pepper and stir well. Bring the soup to a boil, lower the heat, and simmer, uncovered, for 30 to 40 minutes, until the tomatoes are very tender. Add the cream to the soup and process it through a food mill into a bowl, discarding only the dry pulp that's left. Reheat the soup over low heat just until hot and  <END>
INPUT: Italian, nicoise, Chianti, balsamic vinegar, granulated sugar, grapeseed oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Tuna Nicoise | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups Chianti; 2 tablespoons white balsamic vinegar; 1 teaspoon granulated sugar; 2 tablespoons grapeseed oil; 6 (6 to 7-ounce) tuna steaks; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1/2 cup diced tomatoes; 3 tablespoons capers, drained; 1/4 cup pitted kalamata olives; 1 tablespoon minced garlic; 2 tablespoons thinly sliced fresh basil; 1 tablespoon minced fresh parsley; 1 pound orzo pasta, cooked; 1 cup spinach leaves; 1/2 cup (1 stick) unsalted butter, at room temperature | INSTRUCTIONS: For the glaze: In a small saucepan over medium heat, cook the Chianti, vinegar, and sugar for 20 to 30 minutes, or until reduced by 80-percent total volume. Hold at room temperature. For the tuna: Heat the oil in a large saute pan over high heat. Season the steaks with salt and pepper on both sides and add to the hot pan in 2 batches. Cook for 2 to 3 minutes. Flip the steaks, reduce the heat to medium-high, and cook for an additional 2 minutes. Remove the steaks from the pan and let rest for 5 minutes. Slice the steaks on the bias, 1-inch thick. Reserve the pan for the pasta. For the pasta: Ad <END>
INPUT: unsalted butter, annatto oil, Scotch bonnet chile, garlic, Spanish onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Red Rice | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 2 tablespoons annatto oil, recipe follows; 1 Scotch bonnet chile, stemmed, seeded, and minced; 4 cloves garlic, minced; 1/2 medium Spanish onion, diced; 1 carrot, peeled and diced; 1 stalk celery, diced; 2 small bay leaves, broken in 1/2; 1 cup long-grain white rice; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 1/2 cups chicken stock, warmed; 1/2 cup annatto seeds; 2 cups pure olive oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Melt the butter with the annatto oil in a medium saucepan over medium-high heat. Add the Scotch bonnet and garlic, stir, and cook for 15 seconds. Add the onion, carrot, celery, and bay leaves and stir well. Allow the vegetables to cook, stirring frequently, until well-glazed, about 10 minutes. Stir in the rice, salt and pepper. Add the chicken stock, stir once and bring to a simmer, the immediately turn the heat down to very low. Cover and cook until the rice has absorbed the stock, 12 to 15 minutes. Cover and let stand for 5 minutes, then serve. Toast the annatto seeds in a heavy saucepan unt <END>
INPUT: cookies, semisweet chocolate chips, all purpose flour, baking powder, sugar, eggs
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate Mint Cookies | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 1/2 cups semisweet chocolate chips; 6 tablespoons all purpose flour; 1/2 teaspoon baking powder; 3/4 cup sugar; 2 large eggs; 2 tablespoons dark corn syrup; 1/2 teaspoon peppermint extract | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350°F. Line 3 large baking sheets with foil; butter foil. Place 1 1/4 cups chocolate chips in medium glass bowl. Microwave on medium-high until melted, stirring every 30 seconds, about 2 minutes. Cool 15 minutes. Mix flour and baking powder in small bowl. Using electric mixer, beat sugar, eggs, corn syrup and extract in medium bowl until thick, about 3 minutes. Gradually beat in melted chocolate, then dry ingredients. Mix in remaining chocolate chips; freeze 10 minutes. Drop 7 heaping tablespoons batter on each prepared baking sheet, spacing 3 inches apart (cookies will spread) <END>
INPUT: American, deep, dish, unbleached all purpose, old fashioned oats, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Deep-Dish Peach Pie with Pecan Streusel Topping | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup plus 2 tablespoons unbleached all purpose flour; 1/2 cup old-fashioned oats; 1/3 cup (packed) golden brown sugar; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 6 tablespoons (3/4 stick) chilled unsalted butter, diced; 3/4 cup pecans, coarsely chopped; 1 1/2 cups unbleached all purpose flour; 1 tablespoon sugar; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 6 tablespoons (3/4 stick) chilled unsalted butter, diced; 1/3 cup non-hydrogenated vegetable shortening, frozen, diced; 3 1/2 tablespoons (or more) ice water; 3/4 cup sugar; 2 tablespoons quick-cooking tapioca; 3/4 teaspoon ground cinnamon | INSTRUCTIONS: For streusel topping: Stir flour, oats, sugar, and salt in medium bowl. Add butter; rub in with fingertips until mixture holds together in moist clumps. Mix in pecans. DO AHEAD: Can be made 1 day ahead. Cover; chill. Stir flour, oats, sugar, and salt in medium bowl. Add butter; rub in with fingertips until mixture holds together in moist clumps. Mix in pecans. DO AHEAD: Can be made 1 day ahead. Cover; chill. For crust: Blend flour, sugar, and salt in processor 5 seconds. Add butter and shortening. Using on/off turns, blend until mixture resembles very coarse meal. Drizzle 3 1/2 tablespoons wat <END>
INPUT: Italian, ravioli, brown, duck breast, smoked mozzarella, carrots, onions, oriental five spice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Duck and Smoked Ravioli with Brown Butter, Basil and Sun-Dried Tomatoes | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 2 pounds duck breast; 1/3 cup smoked mozzarella; 1/2 cup carrots, fine dice; 4 tablespoons green onions, fine dice; 2 teaspoons oriental five-spice powder; 2 teaspoons marjoram; 1/2 teaspoon cumin; 1/2 teaspoon chili powder; 1/2 teaspoon coriander; 3 tablespoons heavy cream; Dash black pepper; 5 eggs; 1 ounce oil; 1 ounce water; 1/4 teaspoon salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. Sear duck breast on grill and transfer to oven and finish cooking breast to 155 degrees F. Place in refrigerator and cool down. Take breasts and finely mince. Mix in remaining ingredi Blend together the eggs, oil, water and salt; fold together into the flour and let set until dough is firm. Using this dough, then follow the Ravioli machine's directions placing 1-ounce of filling in each ravioli. Place finished ravioli in boiling water for approximately 8 to 12 minutes or un Place butter in hot skillet and cook until browned. Add wine and reduce by 1/3, then add c <END>
INPUT: Mexican, cocktail, Kosher salt, coriander seeds, peppercorns, lemons, shrimp
OUTPUT: TITLE: Shrimp-Tomatillo Cocktail | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: Kosher salt; 1 tablespoon coriander seeds; 2 teaspoons black peppercorns; 2 lemons, quartered; 1 pound large shrimp, peeled and deveined; 12 tomatillos, husked and rinsed; 1 large red onion, coarsely chopped; 3 cloves garlic; 2 jalapeno peppers; 3 tablespoons canola oil; Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper; 2 cups fresh spinach; 3 tablespoons rice vinegar; 1/4 cup horseradish, drained; 1/4 cup chopped fresh cilantro | INSTRUCTIONS: Prepare the shrimp: Combine 8 cups cold water, 2 tablespoons salt, the coriander and peppercorns in a large saucepan. Squeeze in the lemon juice and add the wedges. Boil 5 minutes, then remove from the heat, add the shrimp, cover and set aside, about 15 minutes. Strain and transfer the shrimp to a bowl; cover and chill at least 1 hour. Meanwhile, make the sauce: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Place the tomatillos, onion, garlic and jalapenos in a roasting pan. Toss with the canola oil and season with salt and pepper. Roast until soft, tossing occasionally, 25 to 35 minutes. Cook the spinac <END>
INPUT: energy, bars, quick oats, bran cereal, wheat flour, walnut
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fig-and-Walnut Energy Bars | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Nonstick cooking spray; 1 cup quick-cooking oats; 1 cup bran cereal; 1/4 cup whole-wheat flour; 1 cup walnut pieces; 1 1/2 cups coarsely chopped stemmed dried figs; 1/2 cup nonfat dry milk; 1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1/4 teaspoon ground ginger; 1/4 cup honey; 2 large eggs | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350. Coat a 9-by-13-inch baking pan with cooking spray. Place the oats, cereal, flour, walnuts, figs, dry milk, cinnamon and ginger in a food processor; coarsely chop. Add the honey and eggs; pulse until well combined. Transfer the mixture to the pan; spread evenly with your fingers. Bake until lightly browned around the edges, about 20 minutes. Cool in the pan for 15 minutes, then cut into 16 bars. Store in an airtight container at room temperature for up to 3 days, or wrap individually and freeze for up to 3 months. Photograph by Kana Okada <END>
INPUT: Italian, salad, peas, pignolis, baby spinach leaves, pesto
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pesto Pea Salad | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups of frozen peas; 2 tablespoons pignolis, toasted (see note); 2 1/2 cups baby spinach leaves; 4 tablespoons pesto, recipe follows | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook the peas in a pot of boiling salted water for 1 minute. Immediately immerse the peas in a bowl of ice cold water, and drain when fully cooled. To assemble, place the spinach leaves in a salad bowl. Sprinkle the peas and pignolis over the spinach. Add the pesto and toss. Note: To toast pignolis, place them in a dry saute pan and cook over medium heat for about 4 minutes, until evenly browned, tossing frequently. Pesto: 1/4 cup walnuts 1/4 cup pignolis 3 tablespoons diced garlic (9 cloves) 5 cups fresh basil leaves, packed 1 teaspoon kosher salt 1 teaspoon freshly ground pepper 1 1/2 cups g <END>
INPUT: broth, butter, olive oil, shallots, garlic, mussels
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mussels with Saffron Butter Broth | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 stick butter; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 2 shallots, finely diced; 2 cloves garlic, minced; 2 pounds mussels; 2 cups white wine; 1 pinch saffron; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley leaves; Salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat the butter and olive oil in a large pot over medium heat. Add the shallots and garlic and cook until softened, about 4 minutes. Add the mussels, wine, saffron, and parsley and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Give it a good stir, cover the pot, and cook until all the mussels open, about 8 to 10 minutes. Discard any mussels that have not opened. Transfer to a large bowl and serve with crusty bread. <END>
INPUT: cake, sugar, orange zest, eggs, sour cream
OUTPUT: TITLE: Orange Cake | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 stick (1/2 cup) unsalted butter, softened; 3/4 cup sugar; 4 teaspoons finely grated fresh orange zest; 2 large eggs; 1/2 cup sour cream; 1/4 cup fresh orange juice; 1 1/2 cups all-purpose flour; 1 teaspoon baking powder; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/2 teaspoon baking soda; Confectioners sugar for dusting | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350°F. Lightly butter an 8-inch square baking pan and line bottom with wax paper, then lightly butter paper. Beat together butter, sugar, and zest in a large bowl with an electric mixer until creamy, about 2 minutes. Add eggs 1 at a time, beating until just incorporated. Whisk in sour cream and orange juice, then add remaining ingredients (except confectioners sugar), whisking until just combined. Transfer batter to baking pan and bake in middle of oven until golden and a wooden pick inserted in center comes out clean, about 30 to 40 minutes. Cool cake in pan on a rack 10 minut <END>
INPUT: unsalted butter, garlic, shallot, parsley leaves, lemon juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Penn Cove Mussels in Lemon Cream | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened; 3 tablespoons minced garlic; 1 tablespoon minced shallot; 2 1/2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh parsley leaves; 2 teaspoons fresh lemon juice; 2 medium tomatoes; 1/2 lemon; 1 1/2 pounds Penn Cove or other cultivated mussels (about 30); 1/2 cup dry white wine; 3/4 cup heavy cream; Garnish: diced seeded tomato and finely chopped fresh parsley leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: In a bowl stir together butter, 1 tablespoon garlic, shallot, ‚ tablespoon parsley, lemon juice, and salt and pepper to taste. Seed tomatoes and cut into 1/4-inch dice. Cut lemon into 4 wedges. Scrub mussels and remove beards. In a 4-quart heavy saucepan melt herb butter over moderate heat. Add lemon wedges and remaining garlic and cook, stirring, 30 seconds. Add mussels and cook, stirring, 1 minute. Add wine, cream, and salt and pepper to taste and simmer, covered, until mussels are opened, about 5 minutes. Discard any unopened mussels. Stir in tomato and remaining parsley. In a bowl stir tog <END>
INPUT: Asian, kimchi, crunchy vegetables, kosher salt, sugar, scallions, gochugaru
OUTPUT: TITLE: Vegetable Kimchi | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 2 pounds crunchy vegetables (such as radishes, asparagus, carrots, cucumbers, beets, or turnips), cut into 3/4" pieces; 3 tablespoons kosher salt; 1 tablespoon sugar; 10 scallions, cut on a diagonal into 1" pieces; 1/3 cup gochugaru (coarse Korean red pepper powder) or 4 1/2 teaspoons crushed red pepper flakes, finely ground; 3 tablespoons finely chopped garlic; 2 tablespoons fish sauce; 1 tablespoon finely chopped peeled ginger | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large bowl, toss together vegetables, salt, and sugar. Let sit at room temperature 1–3 hours for juices to release. Add scallions, gochugaru, garlic, fish sauce, and ginger; toss to coat. Divide kimchi between two 1-qt. jars, distributing liquid evenly and leaving 1" headspace. Eat immediately or let sit on countertop 2 days to allow fermentation to begin before refrigerating. Flavors will deepen over time. In a large bowl, toss together vegetables, salt, and sugar. Let sit at room temperature 1–3 hours for juices to release. Add scallions, gochugaru, garlic, fish sauce, and ginger; toss  <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, curried, three, lamb shanks, AP flour, madras curry powder, chili powder, coarse fennel
OUTPUT: TITLE: Curried Braised Lamb Shank with Three Onion Couscous | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 6 large lamb shanks (8-10 inches long); 3 cups AP flour; 1/2 cup madras curry powder; 1 tablespoon chili powder; 1/4 cup coarse ground fennel; 1/4 cup coarse ground coriander; Canola oil to cook; 2 onions chopped; 2 stalks celery chopped; 2 large carrots chopped; 1/4 cup garlic minced; 1/4 cup ginger minced; 1 bottle red wine; 1/4 bunch fresh thyme, picked and roughly chopped; 1 cup dark soy sauce | INSTRUCTIONS: Season the shanks well with salt and pepper. Mix flour with curry, chili, fennel, and coriander. Completely coat shanks in mix. In a hot casserole lightly coated with canola oil, sear shanks and color on all sides. Set shanks aside and wipe out casserole. Saute onions, celery, carrots, garlic and ginger until soft. Season with salt and pepper. Deglaze casserole with red wine and reduce by half. Stir in thyme. Add soy sauce, banana, kaffir lime and chilies. Add shanks and completely cover with water. Check for seasoning. Slowly bring to a boil then cover tightly with foil or lid. Roast in a 325 <END>
INPUT: American, blue, crusted, grapeseed oil, onion, garlic, corn kernels, potatoes potatoes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Blue Cheese Crusted Filet with Potato and Corn Hash and a Port Reduction | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup grapeseed oil, divided; 1 large red onion, diced; 2 cloves chopped garlic; 1/2 pound fresh corn kernels, about 2 ears** see Cook's note; 1 pound diced potatoes - about 4 medium potatoes (place diced potatoes on paper toweling to absorb moisture); Salt; Pepper; 1 tomato, diced, centers removed; 1/4 cup chopped fresh chives; 3 ounces goat cheese or herb cheese (Recommended: Boursin); 3 tablespoons grapeseed oil; 1 tablespoon (1 to 2 cloves) chopped garlic; 2 finely diced shallots, or 1 white onion, finely diced; Any meat trimmings you may have from the beef (see beef ingredient below); 1/2 (750 milliliter) bottle port wine | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F. In a large oven-safe skillet add 1/4 cup of the oil and get the pan warm over medium-low heat on the stovetop. Add the diced onion, garlic, and corn kernels. Saute together until the corn feels cooked to the bite. This takes about 5 minutes. Then, set aside. Make sure the potatoes are very dry then, in a large bowl, toss the diced potatoes with the remaining 1/4 cup oil and season them with salt and pepper. It is important that the potatoes get a nice even coating of oil. Place them onto a large roasting tray. Top the potatoes with the sauteed corn and onion mixt <END>
INPUT: salad, aged wine vinegar, lemon juice, sugar, salt, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Gorgonzola and Grape Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup aged red wine vinegar; 1/2 cup fresh lemon juice; 1 1/2 teaspoons sugar; 1 tablespoon salt; 5 cloves garlic; 1 1/2 small shallots, minced; 2 1/2 cups extra-virgin olive oil; 1 1/2 teaspoons freshly ground black pepper; 20 cloves garlic; 1 1/2 cups water; 1/4 cup sugar; 2 cups seedless green and red grapes, halved; 1 cup Gorgonzola, crumbled; 3 heads frissee lettuce, or other hearty green | INSTRUCTIONS: Dressing: Place red wine vinegar, lemon juice, sugar, salt, and garlic cloves in a blender and pulse on high speed. Add the shallots and slowly incorporate the extra-virgin olive oil while blender is on high speed. Finish seasoning with black pepper and allow the dressing to sit for 24 hours, refrigerated, before using. For the candied garlic: Coat a sheet pan with oil for the finished garlic. Place the garlic and water in a large saute pan over medium to high heat. Boil the cloves until they are cooked through but still firm to the touch and still maintain their shape. This takes about 8 minu <END>
INPUT: Mexican, shelled, onion, tightly cilantro parsley, garlic, lime lemon juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Edamame Dip | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 12 ounces shelled, cooked, and cooled edamame, about 2 cups, recipe follows; 1/4 cup diced onion; 1/2 cup tightly packed fresh cilantro or parsley leaves; 1 large garlic clove, sliced; 1/4 cup freshly squeezed lime or lemon juice; 1 tablespoon brown miso; 1 teaspoon kosher salt; 1 teaspoon red chili paste; 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 5 tablespoons olive oil; 1 pound edamame, fresh or frozen, in or out of shell; 1/4 cup water; Kosher salt, optional | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Place the edamame, onion, cilantro, garlic, lime juice, miso, salt, chili paste and pepper into the bowl of a food processor and process for 15 seconds. Stop to scrape down the sides of the bowl and process for another 15 to 20 seconds. With the processor running, slowly drizzle in the olive oil. Once all of the oil has been added, stop, scrape down the bowl and then process another 5 to 10 seconds. Taste and adjust seasoning, as desired. Serve with chips or crackers. Store in an airtight container for up to 5 days. Place the edamame and water into a large microw <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, upma, vegetable oil, mustard seeds, cumin seeds, gingerroot, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Couscous Upma | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons vegetable oil; 1 teaspoon black mustard seeds; 1 teaspoon cumin seeds; 1 teaspoon minced gingerroot; 2 cloves garlic, minced; 1 onion, minced; 1 cup chopped green bell pepper; 2 cups green beans; 4 firm, ripe tomatoes, cut into 1-inch pieces; Salt, to taste; 2 cups water; 1 chicken bouillon cube; 1 2/3 cups couscous; Fresh lemon juice, to taste; Minced fresh cilantro, to taste | INSTRUCTIONS: In a deep nonstick skillet set over moderate heat, warm the oil until it is hot. Add the mustard seeds and the cumin seeds, and cook, stirring, 1 minute. Add the gingerroot and garlic, and cook, stirring, 1 minute more. Add the onion and green bell pepper to the seasonings and cook, stirring occasionally, for 5 minutes. Add the green beans, tomatoes, and salt, and cook, stirring occasionally, for 5 minutes more. Add the water, bouillon cube, and salt to taste, bring to a boil, stirring, and add couscous. Simmer, stirring occasionally, for 5 to 10 minutes, or until liquid is just absorbed. Remo <END>
INPUT: Asian, tacos, tofu, coleslaw mix, radishes, cilantro, scallions
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tofu Tacos | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 12 ounces firm tofu, drained and cut into 8 slices; 4 cups shredded coleslaw mix; 1 small bunch radishes, thinly sliced; 1/2 cup chopped fresh cilantro; 1 bunch scallions, sliced; 1 1/2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 2 limes (1 zested and juiced, 1 cut into wedges); 1/4 cup nonfat plain Greek yogurt; Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper; 1 tablespoon taco seasoning; 8 8-inch whole-wheat tortillas; 1/4 cup shredded part-skim mozzarella or pepper jack cheese; 1/4 cup jarred salsa verde | INSTRUCTIONS: Lay the tofu slices flat on a stack of paper towels; top with more paper towels, then put a heavy skillet on top to press out the excess water, about 10 minutes. Meanwhile, toss the coleslaw, radishes, cilantro, scallions, 1 tablespoon olive oil, the lime zest and half of the lime juice in a large bowl. Mix the yogurt with the remaining lime juice in a small bowl and season with salt and pepper. Brush the tofu on all sides with the remaining 1/2 tablespoon olive oil and sprinkle with the taco seasoning. Heat a nonstick skillet over medium-high heat, then add the tofu and cook until it begins t <END>
INPUT: salad, rice, wild rice, low sodium chicken, orange, basil leaves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Orange-Pistachio Wild Rice Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2/3 cup brown rice; 2/3 cup wild rice; 3 cups low-sodium chicken broth; 1 orange, peel and pith removed, segmented and sliced (about 2/3 cup); 10 large basil leaves, sliced into ribbons (about 1/3 cup); 1/4 cup minced red onion; 3 tablespoons chopped pistachios, lightly toasted; 1 teaspoon finely grated orange zest; 1/3 cup red wine vinegar; 1/4 cup olive oil; 1 tablespoon orange juice; 1 1/2 teaspoons Dijon mustard; 1 teaspoon honey; 1/4 teaspoon salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Combine brown rice, wild rice and chicken broth in a saucepan and bring to a boil. Cover, reduce heat to a simmer and cook until all water is evaporated and rice is fully cooked, about 45 to 55 minutes. Remove from heat and cool completely. When rice is cool, add orange slices, basil, red onion, pistachios and orange zest; mix to incorporate. For the dressing: Combine the red wine vinegar, olive oil, orange juice, mustard, honey and salt in a metal bowl and whisk to incorporate. Pour over rice mixture and toss to incorporate. <END>
INPUT: soup, olive oil, onion, potato, cayenne pepper, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Bell Pepper and Tomato Soup | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons olive oil, plus more for drizzling; 1 cup chopped red onion; 1 cup chopped and peeled potato; Pinch cayenne pepper; 1 medium clove garlic, minced; 1 bay leaf; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 3 1/2 cups low-sodium vegetable broth; 2 cups chopped red bell pepper; 1 cup canned whole peeled plum tomatoes, crushed by hand; Chopped parsley and chopped and toasted almonds, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat the oil in a medium saucepan over medium heat. Add the red onion and cook, stirring, until soft, 3 to 5 minutes. Add the potato, cayenne, garlic, bay leaf, 1/2 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of pepper and cook, stirring, until the potatoes are well coated, 2 to 3 minutes. Pour in the broth and bring to a simmer. Add bell pepper and tomatoes, bring the mixture back to a simmer and cook until the potatoes and vegetables are tender, adjusting the heat as needed to maintain a simmer, about 20 minutes. Remove from the heat, discard the bay leaf and let cool at least 5 minutes. Carefully puree  <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, low salt chicken, plain couscous, salt, olive oil, clementines
OUTPUT: TITLE: Couscous with Clementines, Chickpeas, Olives, and Dates | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups low-salt chicken broth; 1 10-ounce package plain couscous (about 1 2/3 cups); 1 teaspoon salt; 1 1/2 tablespoons olive oil; 3 clementines; 1 15-ounce can chickpeas; 12 large green olives (such as Cerignola), pitted, quartered lengthwise; 6 Medjool dates, pitted, diced; 1/4 cup fresh mint leaves, chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring broth to boil in small saucepan. Mix couscous, 1 teaspoon salt, and olive oil in medium bowl. Pour boiling broth over couscous mixture. Stir, then cover with plastic wrap. Let stand 15 minutes. Using vegetable peeler, remove peel (orange part only) of clementines; chop peel. Remove any remaining pith from clementines and cut flesh into 1/4-inch pieces. Combine chopped peel and flesh in small bowl and set aside. Bring chickpeas with liquid to boil in saucepan. Reduce heat to medium and simmer until chickpeas are heated through, about 3 minutes. Drain chickpeas. Gently fluff couscous with  <END>
INPUT: wrapped, compote, balsamic vinegar, water, onions, sugar, rosemary leaves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Bacon-Wrapped Trout Stuffed with Balsamic Onion Compote in Rosemary Cream Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 cup balsamic vinegar; 1 1/2 cups water; 2 large onions, sliced thin (about 4 cups); 1/3 cup sugar; 4 teaspoons chopped fresh rosemary leaves plus 12 sprigs; 2 cups low-salt chicken broth; 1 cup heavy cream; six 10-ounce trout, cleaned, leaving heads and tails intact; 24 slices bacon (about 1 1/2 pounds); 1 tablespoon olive oil | INSTRUCTIONS: In a heavy saucepan boil vinegar, water, onions, sugar, and 2 teaspoons chopped rosemary, stirring occasionally, 7 minutes, or until onions are slightly softened. Remove pan from heat and let stand 15 minutes. In a coarse sieve set over another saucepan drain onions, reserving cooking liquid. Transfer onion compote to a bowl and cool. Boil reserved cooking liquid with remaining 2 teaspoons chopped rosemary until reduced to about 3/4 cup. Add broth and boil liquid until reduced to about 1 1/2 cups. Stir in cream and boil sauce until reduced to about 2 cups. Reserve sauce in pan. Preheat oven to <END>
INPUT: Mexican, guacamole, Hass avocados, Seckel pears Anjou, cilantro, lime juice, coriander
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pear and Pistachio Guacamole | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 3 Hass avocados, halved, pitted and cubed; 2 firm ripe Seckel pears or 1 large Anjou pear, cored and finely diced; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro; 1 1/2 tablespoons fresh lime juice; 3/4 teaspoon ground coriander; Kosher salt; 1 clove garlic, finely chopped; 1 small jalapeno, minced with some seeds; Freshly ground black pepper; 3 tablespoons chopped roasted pistachios; Lime wedges, for serving; Blue corn tortilla chips, for serving | INSTRUCTIONS: Toss together the avocados and pears in a medium bowl. Stir in the cilantro, lime juice, coriander, 1/2 teaspoon salt, the garlic and jalapenos until combined. Add additional salt and pepper to taste. Transfer to a serving bowl, sprinkle with the pistachios and serve with lime wedges and blue corn tortilla chips. <END>
INPUT: Kosher salt, pepper, dark sugar, smoked paprika, double pork loin
OUTPUT: TITLE: Glazed Double-Cut Pork Chops | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Kosher salt; 1/4 cup coarsely ground black pepper; 2 tablespoons packed dark brown sugar; 2 teaspoons smoked paprika; 4 double-cut bone-in pork loin chops (about 1 pound each); Vegetable oil, for the grill; 4 tablespoons unsalted butter; 2 cups diced onions; 1 cup apple cider vinegar; 3/4 cup packed dark brown sugar; 1 1/2 cups ketchup; 1 1/4 cups apple juice; 1 cup maple syrup; 1/2 cup bourbon; 1/2 cup prunes | INSTRUCTIONS: Prepare the pork: Mix 2 tablespoons salt, the black pepper, brown sugar and paprika in a bowl, then rub all over the chops. Wrap in plastic wrap and refrigerate 2 to 4 hours. Meanwhile, make the sauce: Melt the butter in a saucepan over medium heat, then add the onions and cook until translucent, about 4 minutes. Stir in the vinegar and brown sugar until dissolved. Add the ketchup, apple juice, syrup, bourbon, prunes, Worcestershire sauce, cayenne, 1 tablespoon salt and 1 1/2 teaspoons black pepper and bring to a boil. Reduce to a simmer and cook until thickened, about 30 minutes. Puree with a <END>
INPUT: southern, doughnuts, all purpose flour, sugar, baking powder, baking soda, fine salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Southern Buttermilk Bourbon Praline Doughnuts | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 cups all-purpose flour, divided, plus extra bench flour; 1 cup sugar; 2 teaspoons baking powder; 1 teaspoon baking soda; 1 teaspoon fine salt; 2 tablespoons vegetable shortening; 3/4 cups buttermilk; 1 large egg; 1 large egg yolk; 1 tablespoon vanilla extract; Vegetable oil, for frying; Bourbon Praline, recipe follows; 1/2 cup coarsely chopped pecans, toasted; 1 1/2 cups sugar; 1/2 cup water | INSTRUCTIONS: Place 2 cups of the flour, sugar, baking powder, baking soda and salt in the bowl of a mixer fitted with the paddle attachment. Mix on low until combined, then add the shortening and mix until worked in. Whisk together the buttermilk, egg and yolk, and vanilla in a small bowl and then add to the flour mixture and beat until smooth. Beat in remaining 1 cup flour until combined. Cover and refrigerate for at least 1 hour and up to 6 hours. Turn dough onto a floured surface and roll to 1/2-inch thickness. Using a 3-inch round cookie cutter, cut dough into rounds. Using a 1-inch cookie cutter, cut  <END>
INPUT: American, chess, pastry dough, pie weights rice, lemons, eggs
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lemon Molasses Chess Pie | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: pastry dough; pie weights or raw rice for weighting shell; 2 lemons; 1/2 stick (1/4 cup) unsalted butter; 4 large eggs; 1 1/4 cups sugar; 1/4 cup unsulfured molasses; 1/4 cup heavy cream; 2 tablespoons yellow cornmeal; 1/8 teaspoon salt; Accompaniment: lightly sweetened whipped cream | INSTRUCTIONS: On a lightly floured surface with a floured rolling pin roll out dough 1/8 inch thick (about a 12-inch round). Fit dough into a 9-inch (1-quart) glass pie plate and trim edge. Crimp edge of shell decoratively and with a fork prick bottom of shell in several places. Chill shell 30 minutes, or until firm. Preheat oven to 375°F. Line shell with foil and fill with pie weights or raw rice. Bake shell in middle of oven 25 minutes. Transfer shell to a rack and carefully remove weights or rice and foil. Cool shell. Increase temperature to 450°F. Finely grate enough zest from lemons to measure 1 tables <END>
INPUT: salad, spinach, salt, scallions, virgin olive oil, lemon juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spinach Pecan Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 pounds fresh spinach; 1 teaspoon salt; 4 scallions, thinly sliced, including about 2 inches of the green part; 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 1/4 cup lemon juice; 1/4 pound salted chopped pecans, toasted | INSTRUCTIONS: Wash and dry the spinach until you're absolutely sure it's clean; spinach can hold a lot of grit. When you're sure it's clean and dry, put it in a salad bowl, and sprinkle it with salt, and squeeze the leaves gently with your hands. You'll find that the spinach "deflates," or sort of gets a bit limp and reduces in volume. Add the scallions to the bowl. Pour on the olive oil, and toss the salad thoroughly. Add the lemon juice, and toss again. Top with the pecans, and serve. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, virgin oil, garlic, Salt pepper, round tomato
OUTPUT: TITLE: Snapper in Parchment | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons extra-virgin oil; 4 garlic cloves, sliced paper-thin; Salt and pepper; 4 (6-ounce) fillets red snapper; 1 large round tomato, chopped; 1 red onion, sliced in thin rounds; 1/4 jalapeno, seeded, minced; 2 tablespoons tequila; 2 limes, juiced; 1/4 cup picked cilantro leaves; 4 (8-inch square) pieces parchment paper; Butcher's twine, for securing | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 325 degrees F. Heat 2 tablespoons of olive oil on medium heat in a small saute pan. Add the garlic, shaking the pan constantly. When the garlic begins to turn a golden color, remove instantly from the heat. Pour the garlic and oil into another container to stop the cooking process. Set aside. Place an 8-inch square piece of parchment paper on a flat surface, in a diamond pattern. Salt and pepper the snapper and place in the lower third of the paper. Top the fish with 1/2 tablespoon of garlic and oil, 1/4 each of the tomato, red onion, and jalapeno. Add 1/2 tablespoon of tequila <END>
INPUT: American, sandwiches, batch wheat pancake, cream cheese, strawberry preserves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Strawberry Cream Cheese Waffle Sandwiches | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 batch whole wheat pancake and waffle mix; 1/2 cup cream cheese, whipped or softened; 1/4 cup strawberry preserves | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. Make waffles according to recipe, cooling waffles on a wire rack. 2. Spread one waffles with 1 tablespoon of cream cheese, and another with 1 teaspoon of preserves. 3. Sandwich together. 4. Repeat with remaining waffles. 1. Make waffles according to recipe, cooling waffles on a wire rack. 2. Spread one waffles with 1 tablespoon of cream cheese, and another with 1 teaspoon of preserves. 3. Sandwich together. 4. Repeat with remaining waffles. <END>
INPUT: stock, Neck giblets, chicken broth, water, celery, carrot
OUTPUT: TITLE: Turkey Giblet Stock | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Neck and giblets (excluding liver) from a 12- to 14-pound turkey; 5 cups chicken broth; 6 cups water; 1 celery rib, chopped; 1 carrot, chopped; 1 onion, quartered; 1 bay leaf; 2 fresh flat-leafed parsley sprigs; 1/2 teaspoon dried thyme, crumbled; 1 teaspoon whole black peppercorns | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large deep saucepan bring neck, giblets, broth, water, celery, carrot, and onion to a boil, skimming froth. Add remaining ingredients and cook, uncovered, at a bare simmer 2 hours, or until liquid is reduced to about 6 cups. Strain stock through a fine sieve into a bowl. Stock may be made 2 days ahead. Cool stock completely, uncovered, and keep chilled or frozen in an airtight container.; <END>
INPUT: ice cubes, slice lemon, piece cucumber peel, Pimm's No., Lemon soda
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pimm's Cup | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 or 3 ice cubes; 1 thin slice lemon; Small piece cucumber peel; 2 ounces Pimm's No. 1, 2 or 3; Lemon soda, Tom Collins mix or club soda | INSTRUCTIONS: Put ice, lemon slice and cucumber peel in a highball glass. Add the Pimm's mixture; fill with one of three mixers and stir gently. If you use club soda, add 2 tablespoons lemon juice and a teaspoon of sugar syrup. Put ice, lemon slice and cucumber peel in a highball glass. Add the Pimm's mixture; fill with one of three mixers and stir gently. If you use club soda, add 2 tablespoons lemon juice and a teaspoon of sugar syrup. <END>
INPUT: meringue, sauce, almonds, glace fruits, rum, water, piece cinnamon bark
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pears in Meringue with Chocolate Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon toasted almonds, finely chopped; 1 cup glace fruits (preferably cherries, ginger, apricot, fig, and pineapple), finely chopped; 1/4 cup plus 2 tablespoons rum; 3/8 cup water; Small piece cinnamon bark; 4 tablespoons apricot jam; 4 pears, peeled, halved, and cored; 2 egg whites; 4 tablespoons confectioners' sugar, sifted, plus more to dust; 4 squares dark chocolate, chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: Soak almonds, glace fruit, and 1/4 cup rum together overnight. Preheat oven to 450 degrees F. Combine water, cinnamon, and jam in a large saucepan. Boil until well incorporated and syrupy. Reduce heat. Add pears and cook gently for 5 minutes. Remove to an ovenproof dish. Fill cavities with crystallized fruit. Reserve pan syrup, discarding cinnamon bark. Beat egg whites until stiff. Fold in confectioners' sugar. Pipe this meringue over pears. Dust with confectioners' sugar and bake for 5 minutes. Stir chocolate pieces into warm syrup and add rum. Serve pears on a heated platter, surrounded with <END>
INPUT: American, fatoush, salad, sirloin steak, Coarse salt pepper, lemon juice, cumin, olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spinach and Fatoush Salad with Sirloin Steak | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound sirloin steak; Coarse salt and freshly ground pepper; 1/2 cup fresh lemon juice; 3/4 teaspoon ground cumin; 1 tablespoons olive oil; 4 scallions, thinly sliced, white parts only; 1 English cucumber, peeled, seeded and thinly sliced; 1 pint cherry tomatoes, halved; 1 (15-ounce) can chickpeas, drained and rinsed; 1/2 cup roughly chopped flat-leaf parsley; 1/2 cup roughly chopped mint; 1 bag pre-washed baby spinach; 16 pieces pita chips, recipe follows; 2 (6-inch) whole wheat pitas; Olive oil spray | INSTRUCTIONS: Season the sirloin with salt and pepper. Sear the steak in a heavy-bottomed pan for 4 to 5 minutes until medium rare. In a large bowl whisk together lemon juice, salt, ground cumin, and olive oil. Add scallions, cucumbers, tomatoes, chickpeas, parsley, and mint. Toss to combine. Add spinach and pita. Toss to combine, taste and adjust seasonings. Thinly slice the sirloin (portion control the meat according to your needs). Mound the salad onto a large plate. Top with overlapping pieces of the sirloin steak. Serve immediately. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Cut each pita into 8 pieces. Lightl <END>
INPUT: dressing, Giblets, vermouth, sultanas raisins, Yukon gold potatoes, breakfast sausage
OUTPUT: TITLE: Potato and Sausage Dressing | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Giblets, reserved from the turkey; 1 cup red vermouth; 1 cup sultanas or raisins; 4 pounds Yukon gold potatoes, peeled and diced; 1 pound 10 ounces breakfast sausage, crumbled; 4 stalks celery, diced (about 3 cups); 2 small onions, diced (about 1 1/3 cups); 6 cloves garlic, finely minced (about 2 tablespoons); 1 bunch savory, leaves chopped; 1 bunch thyme, leaves chopped; 1 bunch oregano, leaves chopped; 2 teaspoons sage, leaves chopped; 4 cups bread crumbs; 1 tablespoon kosher salt; 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Rinse the turkey giblets and turkey neck. Place in a medium sauce pot and cover with cold water. Over medium low heat, simmer the giblets for 1 hour. Set aside. Preheat oven to 325 degrees F. Place the vermouth in a small saucepan and bring it to a simmer over high heat, then turn off the heat. Add the sultanas to the vermouth and let them soak for 10 minutes. Place the potatoes in a large pot of cold water and bring to a simmer over medium heat. Once fully cooked, drain and cool on a baking sheet. While the potatoes are cooking, cook the sausage in a large pan over medium heat. Add the celery <END>
INPUT: argentinian, chimichurri, chicken wings, virgin olive oil, sweet paprika, Kosher salt pepper, wine vinegar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Argentinian Chimichurri Chicken Wings | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 pounds chicken wings, split at the joint, wingtips removed and discarded; 1/2 cup plus 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 3 tablespoons sweet paprika; Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper; 3 tablespoons red wine vinegar; 4 cloves garlic, roughly chopped; 1/2 cup packed fresh parsley leaves; 1/2 cup packed fresh cilantro leaves; 2 tablespoons packed fresh oregano leaves; 1/4 cup ice cubes; 1 jalapeno, stemmed, seeded and roughly chopped; Vegetable oil, for oiling the grill grates | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine the chicken wings, 1/4 cup of the olive oil and paprika in a large bowl, sprinkle liberally with salt and pepper then toss until evenly combined. Refrigerate for at least 2 hours or up to overnight. Meanwhile, make the chimichurri: Combine the vinegar, garlic and a generous pinch of salt in a blender and blend on low until smooth. Add the parsley, cilantro, oregano, ice and jalapeno and blend on medium speed. With the blender running, slowly drizzle in the remaining 1/4 cup plus 2 tablespoons olive oil and puree until smooth, about 1 minute, stopping to scrape down the sides if necessa <END>
INPUT: Asian, rolls, ginger, garlic, onion, hot bean paste, vegetable oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spicy Spring Rolls | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons chopped ginger; 2 tablespoons chopped garlic; 3 tablespoons chopped green onion; 1 tablespoon hot bean paste or red chili paste; 1 tablespoon vegetable oil; 1 cup fresh bean sprouts; 1 cup grated carrot; 1 cup finely sliced savoy cabbage; 1 red pepper, julienned; 5 shiitake mushrooms, julienned; 3 tablespoons mirin (Japanese rice wine); 1 tablespoon hoisin sauce; 1/4 cup soy sauce; 12 spring roll wrappers; 1 cup peeled, grated cucumber | INSTRUCTIONS: In a very hot wok, briefly saute the ginger, garlic, green onion and chili paste in the oil. Add the bean sprouts, carrots, savoy cabbage, red pepper and mushrooms and cook at high heat until the vegetables begin to soften. Add the mirin, hoisin sauce and soy sauce. Remove from heat and let cool in a bowl at room temperature. Place the spring roll wrappers under a damp cloth to keep them moist. Place wrappers one at a time on a hard surface with one corner pointing towards you. Spoon cooled ingredients into the center. Add a tablespoon of grated cucumber and a sprinkle of cilantro. Fold the si <END>
INPUT: Asian, rolls, asparagus, spring roll wrappers, oyster sauce, cornstarch blended water, vegetable oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Savory Asparagus Spring Rolls | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 6 stalks thick asparagus, peeled and trimmed; 12 small spring roll wrappers; 1/4 cup oyster sauce; 1 tablespoon cornstarch blended with 1 tablespoon warm water; 4 tablespoons vegetable oil; 1 tablespoon black sesame seeds, toasted; 1 tablespoon white sesame seeds, toasted; Honey, for brushing | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring a medium pan of water to a boil. Blanch the asparagus until crisp-tender, 1 to 3 minutes depending on the thickness of the asparagus. Plunge the asparagus into ice water to stop the cooking. Drain and pat dry. Cut each asparagus in half so that you have 2 pieces about 3 inches each. For the stalk halves of the asparagus: Place a spring roll wrapper on a flat surface with the corner pointed toward you. Lightly brush the center of the wrapper with oyster sauce. Lay a piece of the stalk-half of asparagus across the wrapper from corner to corner. Fold in the side corners of the wrapper towar <END>
INPUT: Mexican, vegetable oil, beef chuck, onion, Kosher salt, chipotle chile powder
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chipotle Beef Tostadas | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons vegetable oil; 1 pound ground beef chuck; 1 large white onion, minced; Kosher salt; 1 to 1 1/2 teaspoons chipotle chile powder; 1 10-ounce can Mexican-style diced tomatoes with green chiles; 1 15-ounce can pinto beans, drained; 1 medium zucchini or yellow squash, diced; 2 cups coleslaw mix or shredded cabbage; Juice of 1 lime, plus lime wedges for serving; Freshly ground pepper; 8 tostadas (flat crisp tortillas) or taco shells; 1 1/2 cups shredded cheddar cheese (about 4 ounces) | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat the vegetable oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Add the ground beef, half of the minced onion, 1 teaspoon salt and the chipotle chile powder; cook, stirring and breaking up the meat with a wooden spoon, until the meat is browned and the onion is tender, about 7 minutes. Add the tomatoes, beans and zucchini and cook, stirring occasionally, until the zucchini is just tender, about 6 minutes. Meanwhile, toss the coleslaw mix, lime juice, and salt and pepper to taste in a bowl. Divide the tostadas among plates and spoon the beef mixture on top. Top with the cheese, slaw and the re <END>
INPUT: soup, virgin olive oil, onion, celery, carrots, Cajun seasoning
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken and Quinoa Soup | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil; 1 medium onion, sliced; 3 stalks celery, chopped; 2 cups roughly chopped carrots; 1 teaspoon Cajun seasoning, plus more for topping; 1 cup quinoa; 1 quart fat-free low-sodium chicken broth; Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper; 2 cups chopped broccoli florets; 2 1/2 cups shredded rotisserie chicken (white meat only), skin removed; 2 tablespoons low-fat sour cream | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat the olive oil in a large pot over medium-high heat. Add the onion, celery, carrots and Cajun seasoning and cook, stirring occasionally, until the vegetables are slightly soft, about 4 minutes. Stir in the quinoa, then add the chicken broth, 3 cups water, 1/2 teaspoon salt, and pepper to taste. Partially cover and bring to a simmer, then reduce the heat to medium and cook until the quinoa starts to soften, about 12 minutes. Add the broccoli and cook, uncovered, until just tender, about 5 minutes. Add the chicken and stir to warm through. Season with salt and pepper. Ladle the soup into bow <END>
INPUT: roast, salt, Pepper, prunes, boiling water
OUTPUT: TITLE: Prune Roast | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 (1 1/2-inch) rib pork chops; 2 teaspoons salt; Pepper; 2 1/2 cups dried prunes, washed; 2 cups boiling water; 1/3 cup cider vinegar; 1/3 cup water; 1 cup light brown sugar; 1/4 teaspoon ground cloves; 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat deep casserole.. Sprinkle chops with salt and pepper. Add chops to casserole and brown all sides Add prunes and boiling water, cover and cook in preheated 350 degrees oven until meat is tender (about 1 1/2 to 2 hours). Remove meat from liquid to a hot platter. Stir in vinegar, water, sugar, cloves and cinnamon. Cook rapidly until a thick sauce is formed. Pour sauce over and around meat and serve immediately. Serve chops on a generous platter with ample sauce and a bowl of buttered noodles and a crisp bowl of salad greens with good bread and wine, and cheese to follow, makes a delicious di <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, watercress arugula, lemon, virgin olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Watermelon With Watercress and Feta | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 1 (2 pound) piece watermelon, rind removed and flesh cut into 1/2-inch cubes; 1 (4-ounce) block feta cheese, cut into 1/2-inch cubes; 1 packed cup watercress or arugula; 1 lemon, zested and juiced; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. In a salad bowl, combine the watermelon, feta cheese, watercress, lemon zest, lemon juice, olive oil, salt, and pepper. Gently toss until all the ingredients are combined. Serve immediately. <END>
INPUT: cakes, sauce, almond paste, sugar, eggs, pure vanilla extract
OUTPUT: TITLE: Almond Cakes with Chocolate Passion-Fruit Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 ounces almond paste (not marzipan); 1/2 cup sugar; 8 tablespoons (1 stick) unsalted butter, room temperature; 3 large eggs, room temperature; 1/2 teaspoon pure vanilla extract; 1/2 cup all-purpose flour; 3/4 teaspoon baking powder; 1/4 teaspoon kosher salt; Confectioners' sugar for dusting; 5 ounces good-quality bittersweet chocolate, finely chopped; 1/4 cup heavy cream; 1/4 cup passion fruit juice, such as Loóza Passion Fruit Nectar; Special equipment: 6 (1/2-cup) ramekins, food processor, stand mixer with paddle attachment | INSTRUCTIONS: Make cakes: Preheat oven to 350°F. Butter and flour ramekins. In food processor, process almond paste and sugar until mixture resembles fine sand, 10 to 15 seconds. Transfer to bowl of stand mixer fitted with paddle attachment, then add butter and beat until light and fluffy, about 2 minutes. Add eggs, 1 at a time, beating well after each addition and scraping down bowl as necessary, about 1 minute. Add vanilla and beat until incorporated, about 30 seconds. In small bowl, whisk together flour, baking powder, and salt. Sift over almond paste mixture, then mix until incorporated, about 30 second <END>
INPUT: strawberry, strawberries, sugar, pepper, freezer jam fruit
OUTPUT: TITLE: Strawberry Freezer Jam | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 pounds strawberries, stems removed; 11 1/2 ounces sugar; 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 1.59 ounce package freezer jam fruit pectin | INSTRUCTIONS: Place all the ingredients into the bowl of a food processor and pulse until pureed, about 10 to 12 pulses. Make sure there are still small chunks and not completely smooth. Spoon the strawberry mixture into 5 (8-ounce) lidded, plastic containers. Set aside at room temperature for 30 minutes. Store in the freezer for up to a year, or in the refrigerator for up to a week. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, cold, beer, shrimp, olive oil, soy sauce, lime juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cold Beer Shrimp | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 12-ounce bottle beer, any type; 1 pound large shrimp; 1 tablespoon olive oil; 1 tablespoon soy sauce; 1 tablespoon fresh lime juice; 1 teaspoon Tabasco sauce; 1 medium tomato, peeled, seeded and diced; 1 teaspoon peeled, grated gingerroot; 1 tablespoon shopped fresh cilantro leaves, mint or chives; Coarse or kosher salt; Freshly ground pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring the beer to a boil in a large saucepan. Add the shrimp, stir, and cook for 2 minutes, or until they just turn pink. Remove from the heat and let the shrimp cool in the beer, stirring or turning often; they will continue to cook in the hot liquid. Once they are cool, remove the shrimp from the beer, using a slotted spoon. Peel and devein the shrimp; return them to the beer and stir for 1 minute to remove any remaining grit. Transfer the shrimp to a bowl. (The beer can be strained and added to shrimp or fish stock.) The shrimp can be prepared up to 1 day in advance and refrigerated. Heat t <END>
INPUT: herb, crust, olive oil, tomatoes, sugar, mushrooms
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cod with Mushroom-Herb Crust and Tomato Compote | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon olive oil; 1 pound tomatoes, peeled, seeded, coarsely chopped; 1/2 teaspoon sugar; 8 tablespoons (1 stick) butter, room temperature; 8 ounces fresh mushrooms, chopped (about 3 cups); 1/4 cup chopped shallots; 1 large egg; 6 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley; 1 tablespoon plus 1 teaspoon chopped fresh thyme; 1 teaspoon salt; 1/2 teaspoon ground black pepper; 3 cups fresh breadcrumbs made from French bread; 4 garlic cloves, thinly sliced; 2 shallots, thinly sliced; 1 cup fish stock or bottled clam juice | INSTRUCTIONS: Make tomato compote: Heat oil in heavy medium skillet over medium heat. Add tomatoes and sugar. Stir until tomatoes are very tender and mixture is thick, about 15 minutes. Season tomato compote with salt and pepper. Heat oil in heavy medium skillet over medium heat. Add tomatoes and sugar. Stir until tomatoes are very tender and mixture is thick, about 15 minutes. Season tomato compote with salt and pepper. Make fish: Melt 2 tablespoons butter in heavy large skillet over medium-high heat. Add mushrooms and chopped shallots. Sauté until liquid evaporates and mushrooms begin to brown, about 8 mi <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, salad, onions, tomatoes, onion, virgin olive oil, balsamic vinegar, feta cheese
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fresh Tomato Salad with Onions, Feta and Olives | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 5 ripe large tomatoes, cut into 1/3-inch-thick rounds; 1 small red onion, thinly sliced; 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 1 tablespoon balsamic vinegar; 4 ounces feta cheese, crumbled; 1/4 cup Kalamata olives or other brine-cured black olives, pitted; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh parsley | INSTRUCTIONS: Arrange tomatoes on platter. Top with onion slices. Drizzle oil and vinegar over. Sprinkle with salt and pepper. Let stand at room temperature at least 1 hour. Sprinkle cheese, olives and parsley over salad and serve. Arrange tomatoes on platter. Top with onion slices. Drizzle oil and vinegar over. Sprinkle with salt and pepper. Let stand at room temperature at least 1 hour. Sprinkle cheese, olives and parsley over salad and serve. <END>
INPUT: American, Granny Smith apples, lemon, sugar, butter, pie pastry
OUTPUT: TITLE: Apple Pie | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 6 to 8 Granny Smith apples, peeled, cored, and thinly sliced; 1/4 lemon, juiced; 1/3 cup sugar; 2 tablespoons butter; 1 recipe pie pastry, recipe follows; 2 sticks unsalted butter, cold; 2 1/4 cups pastry flour; 1/3 cup sugar; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 1/4 teaspoon baking powder; 5 to 6 tablespoons ice water; 1 teaspoon cider vinegar | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Combine the apples, lemon juice, and sugar in a mixing bowl and set aside. Divide the dough and roll half the piecrust out thinly and cover the bottom of a pie tin. Mound the apple mixture over the crust. Dot the apples with butter. Roll the rest of the dough out thinly and arrange over top of apples. Cut a hole in the top of the dough to vent. Bake until the pastry is golden brown. Divide the butter into 2 parts, about 2/3 to 1/3. Cut butter into 1/4-inch cubes and wrap in plastic wrap. Freeze smaller portion for at least 30 minutes. Refrigerate larger porti <END>
INPUT: Mexican, sauce, plain yogurt, cumin seeds, carrots, mint leaves, chicken wings
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Indian-Style Chicken Wings with Carrot-Cumin Yogurt Sauce | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups plain yogurt; 2 teaspoons cumin seeds; 2 carrots; 1/4 cup finely chopped fresh mint leaves; 3 pounds chicken wings (12 to 14); 1 cup coarse salt; 2 cups water; 1 1/2 tablespoons garam masala (Indian spice mix) such as Frontier brand; 1 tablespoon vegetable oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Make sauce: In a sieve set over a bowl drain yogurt, covered and chilled, 2 hours. In a dry small heavy skillet toast cumin seeds over moderate heat, shaking skillet frequently, until a shade darker, 2 to 3 minutes. Cool cumin seeds and with a mortar and pestle or in an electric coffee/spice grinder coarsely grind. Finely grate carrots into a bowl and stir in yogurt, cumin, mint, and salt and pepper to taste. Sauce may be made 8 hours ahead and chilled. Cut off wing tips, reserving for another use, and halve wings at joint. In a bowl dissolve salt in water. Marinate wings in brine, covered and <END>
INPUT: American, sugar, apple cider vinegar, vegetable oil, coleslaw mix, herbs
OUTPUT: TITLE: Kielbasa Grilled Cheese | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons sugar; 1/2 cup apple cider vinegar; 3 tablespoons vegetable oil; 1 16-ounce bag shredded coleslaw mix; 1/2 cup roughly chopped fresh herbs (such as parsley and dill); Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper; 8 ounces kielbasa, sliced diagonally 1/4 inch thick; 2 tablespoons whole-grain mustard; 8 slices rye bread; 8 slices cheddar cheese (about 6 ounces); 1/2 jalapeno pepper, thinly sliced (seeds removed for less heat); 2 tablespoons unsalted butter | INSTRUCTIONS: Whisk the sugar and vinegar in a large bowl until the sugar dissolves, then whisk in 2 tablespoons vegetable oil. Add the coleslaw mix and herbs, season with salt and pepper and toss. Heat the remaining 1 tablespoon vegetable oil in a large nonstick skillet over medium-high heat. Add the kielbasa and cook until browned on both sides, 2 minutes; transfer to a paper towel-lined plate. Spread the mustard on the bread, then sandwich with half of the cheese, the kielbasa, jalapeno and the remaining cheese. Wipe out the skillet; add 1/2 tablespoon butter and melt over medium heat. Add 2 sandwiches a <END>
INPUT: shaved, walnuts, Brussels sprouts, carrot, lemon zest lemon, yuzu juice, honey
OUTPUT: TITLE: Shaved Brussels Sprouts with Walnuts and Pecorino | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 pounds Brussels sprouts; 1 cup grated carrot; 1 teaspoon lemon zest plus 1/4 cup freshly squeezed lemon juice; 2 tablespoons yuzu juice; 2 tablespoons honey; 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1/2 cup olive oil; 1 cup toasted walnut halves; 1/2 cup grated Pecorino cheese | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: a mandolin, if available Using a sharp knife or a mandolin, finely shred the Brussels sprouts. Put them in a large mixing bowl, add the grated carrot and toss to combine. Whisk together the lemon zest and juice, the yuzu juice, honey, mustard and some salt and pepper. Slowly whisk in the olive oil to emulsify. Toss the vegetables with the dressing and season with some salt and pepper. Toss again with the walnuts and Pecorino and serve. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, quesadilla, salsa, olive oil, asparagus, baby bella mushrooms, sweet onion, chardonnay
OUTPUT: TITLE: Quesadilla with Goat Cheese, Asparagus, Mushrooms and Roasted Tomatillo Salsa | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 4 tablespoons olive oil; 2 cups chopped asparagus; 2 cups chopped baby bella mushrooms; 1 cup chopped sweet onion; 1/4 cup chardonnay; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 5 tomatillos; 3 serrano chiles; 1 whole clove garlic; 12 corn tortillas; 1 cup grated Monterey jack cheese; 1 cup goat cheese; 1/2 cup chopped fresh cilantro | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat a large skillet over medium heat and add 2 tablespoons olive oil. Saute the asparagus, mushrooms and onions, about 4 minutes. Add the wine and some salt and pepper. Reduce the heat to low and simmer, about 5 minutes. Remove from the heat. Wrap the tomatillos and chiles in aluminum foil and place over an open flame for about 5 minutes on each side. Transfer to a blender with the garlic clove and 1/3 cup water. Blend until smooth. Taste and season with salt and pepper. Wrap the tortillas in a clean, damp dishcloth and place in the microwave for 2 minutes. Fill each tortilla with a little ja <END>
INPUT: Indian, salad, warm, lentils, carrots, celery, salt, malt vinegar apple
OUTPUT: TITLE: Kielbasa and Lentil Salad with Warm Mustard-Fennel Dressing | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 1 1-pound package dried lentils; 3 carrots, peeled, thinly sliced; 2 celery stalks, chopped; 2 teaspoons salt; 1/3 cup malt vinegar or apple cider vinegar; 2 tablespoons coarse-grained Dijon mustard; 1 1/2 teaspoons sugar; 2 tablespoons plus 1/2 cup olive oil; 1 pound fully cooked smoked kielbasa sausage, thinly sliced; 3 garlic cloves, peeled, flattened; 1 large fennel bulb with fronds, bulb and fronds chopped and reserved separately; 5 green onions, chopped; 2 heads frisée lettuce or 1 large head curly endive, separated into leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: Place lentils, carrots and celery in heavy large saucepan. Add enough cold water to cover. Stir in salt and bring to boil. Reduce heat, cover and simmer until lentils are just tender, about 20 minutes. Drain. Transfer lentil mixture to bowl. Meanwhile, whisk vinegar, mustard and sugar in small bowl to blend; set aside. Heat 2 tablespoons oil in heavy large skillet over medium-high heat. Add kielbasa and sauté until brown, about 5 minutes. Using slotted spoon, transfer to paper towels. Cover to keep warm. Pour off any fat from skillet and discard. Add remaining 1/2 cup oil to skillet; heat over <END>
INPUT: water, granulated sugar, Hass avocados, milk
OUTPUT: TITLE: Avocado Ice | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups water; 1 cup granulated sugar; 2 ripe Hass avocados, peeled and seeded; 2 cups whole milk; 1/4 cup (approximately) freshly squeezed lime juice | INSTRUCTIONS: Make the simple syrup: Combine the water and sugar in a small saucepan. Heat gently, stirring constantly, until the sugar is completely dissolved. Bring to a boil over medium heat and cook until reduced to 1 cup. Let cool to room temperature. (Syrup can be made ahead and stored, refrigerated, in a tightly covered container.) In a blender or food processor, process the avocados and milk to a perfectly smooth texture. Add the syrup and lime juice, starting with a little less than all of each and adding more to taste. Freeze by manufacturer's directions for your ice-cream maker. Or to still-freez <END>
INPUT: strawberry, hulled strawberries, water, sugar, corn syrup, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Strawberry Syrup | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound sliced hulled strawberries; 1/2 cup water; 1/2 cup sugar; 1/3 cup corn syrup; Pinch of salt; 2 tablespoons lemon juice | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring strawberries, water, sugar, corn syrup, and salt to boil in large saucepan over medium-high heat, stirring until sugar dissolves. Boil uncovered 10 minutes, stirring occasionally and adjusting heat to prevent mixture from boiling over. Add lemon juice. Strain, pressing on solids. Cover and chill syrup. DO AHEAD Can be made 1 week ahead. Keep chilled. Bring strawberries, water, sugar, corn syrup, and salt to boil in large saucepan over medium-high heat, stirring until sugar dissolves. Boil uncovered 10 minutes, stirring occasionally and adjusting heat to prevent mixture from boiling over. <END>
INPUT: Italian, bell peppers, onion, garlic, olive oil, heavy cream
OUTPUT: TITLE: Baked Ziti with Mushrooms, Peppers and Parmesan | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 3 large yellow bell peppers (about 1 1/2 pounds), diced in 1/4-inch dice; 1 large onion, diced; 3 garlic cloves, minced; 3 tablespoons olive oil; 1 1/2 cups heavy cream; Salt and pepper, to taste; 1 1/2 pounds mushrooms, sliced thinly; 2 medium red bell peppers, cut into 1/4-inch strips; 2 medium orange bell peppers, cut into 1/4-inch strips; 1 pound ziti; 8 scallions (green part only), thinly sliced; 2 cups freshly grated Parmesan (about 6 ounces) | INSTRUCTIONS: In a 3 to 4-quart heavy saucepan cook yellow peppers, onion, and garlic in 1 tablespoon oil, covered, over moderately low heat, stirring occasionally, until peppers are soft, about 10 minutes. Stir in cream. In a blender puree mixture in batches (use caution when blending hot liquids), transferring to a large bowl, and season with salt and pepper. (Sauce may be made 2 days ahead and chilled, covered. Bring sauce to room temperature before proceeding.) In a deep large heavy skillet cook mushrooms and peppers in remaining 2 tablespoons oil over moderately high heat, stirring occasionally, until  <END>
INPUT: trifles, heavy whipping cream, orange juice concentrate, cream coconut, powdered sugar, orange peel
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fresh Pineapple Trifles with Orange-Coconut Cream | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2/3 cup chilled heavy whipping cream; 2 tablespoons frozen orange juice concentrate, thawed; 2 tablespoons sweetened cream of coconut (such as Coco López); 2 tablespoons powdered sugar; 1 teaspoon finely grated orange peel; 8 1/2-inch-thick slices angel food cake, each trimmed to 2 1/2-inch round; 4 teaspoons white rum or brandy, divided (optional); 1/4 cup (about) strawberry jam; 1 1/3 cups 1/3-inch cubes peeled fresh pineapple; 8 tablespoons sweetened flaked coconut, divided; 4 thin pineapple wedges (for garnish) | INSTRUCTIONS: Beat first 5 ingredients in medium bowl until stiff peaks form. Line each of 4 old-fashioned glasses with angel food cake round and sprinkle with 1/2 teaspoon rum, if desired. Drop scant 1 tablespoon jam on each; spread jam to edge of cake. Top with heaping tablespoon pineapple cubes, heaping tablespoon cream mixture, and 1 tablespoon coconut. Repeat layering. Garnish each trifle with fresh pineapple wedge. Beat first 5 ingredients in medium bowl until stiff peaks form. Line each of 4 old-fashioned glasses with angel food cake round and sprinkle with 1/2 teaspoon rum, if desired. Drop scant 1  <END>
INPUT: Mexican, southwestern, buttermilk, Vidalia onions, Vegetable oil, all purpose flour, cumin
OUTPUT: TITLE: Southwestern Onion Rings | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 4 cups buttermilk; 2 large Vidalia onions (about 2 pounds), cut into 1/4-inch-thick rounds, separated into rings; Vegetable oil (for deep frying); 3 cups all purpose flour; 3 tablespoons ground cumin; 3 tablespoon chili powder; 1 tablespoon salt; 1 tablespoon cayenne pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Place buttermilk in large bowl. Add onion rings and toss to coat. Let stand at room temperature 20 minutes or up to 1 hour, turning onions occasionally. Pour enough oil into heavy large saucepan to reach depth of 3 inches. Heat to 350°F. Mix flour, cumin, chili powder, salt and cayenne in large bowl. Remove 1 handful of onion rings from buttermilk; add to flour mixture and toss to coat. Add onion rings to oil; cook until crisp and golden brown, about 2 minutes. Using tongs, transfer to paper towels and drain. Repeat with remaining onion rings in batches. Mound in bowl and serve. Place buttermi <END>
INPUT: Asian, chicken, packet onion soup, sesame oil, oyster sauce
OUTPUT: TITLE: Wonton Soup | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: Wontons:; 8 ounces ground chicken; 1 packet dried onion soup mix; 2 tablespoons sesame oil; 2 tablespoons oyster sauce; 1 tablespoon minced garlic; 24 wonton wrappers; 1 skinless chicken breast, sliced into 1/4-inch strips; 1 tablespoon minced garlic; 1 tablespoon vegetable oil; 4 (14-ounce) cans chicken stock; 2 tablespoons light soy sauce; 1 tablespoon sesame oil; 2/3 cup Chinese barbecued pork, thinly sliced; 1 (4-ounce) jar sliced water chestnuts | INSTRUCTIONS: Wontons: Combine the first 5 ingredients in large bowl and mix together thoroughly. Place 1/2 teaspoon of filling in the center of each wonton wrapper. Moisten the sides of wrapper with water and then fold diagonally in half to form a triangle. Moisten the edges of the triangle and bring both points of the triangle base towards the center to form a wonton shape. Set aside. Soup: In a soup pot, saute the chicken strips and minced garlic in the vegetable oil. Add the chicken stock, soy sauce, sesame oil, and barbecue pork. Simmer for 15 minutes on medium heat. Add the dumplings and cook for anot <END>
INPUT: sauce, olive oil, garlic, onion, Kosher salt, carrot
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tomato-Carrot Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/3 cup olive oil; 4 large cloves garlic, thinly sliced; 1 medium onion, chopped; Kosher salt; 1 large carrot, shredded on the large holes of a box grater; 2 tablespoons tomato paste; 1/4 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes; Two 28-ounce cans plum tomatoes, crushed by hand; 2 bay leaves; 1 large sprig thyme; 1 large sprig basil; plus 1/4 cup leaves, coarsely chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: Put the olive oil and garlic in a medium pot, turn the heat to low and cook the garlic, stirring occasionally at first and more often as it colors, until golden brown, about 7 minutes. Raise the heat to medium-low, add the onions and a large pinch of salt and cook, stirring occasionally, until the onions have softened, about 5 minutes. Add the carrots, and cook, stirring occasionally, until softened, about 5 minutes. Add the tomato paste and the red pepper flakes, and cook, stirring constantly, for 2 minutes. Add the tomatoes, bay leaves, thyme, basil sprig and 1 teaspoon salt, raise the heat  <END>
INPUT: sauce, poire, water, sugar, cinnamon, lemon, vanilla bean
OUTPUT: TITLE: Vanilla Poached Pears with Chocolate Sauce and Ice Cream (a.k.a. "Poire Belle Helene") | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 cups water; 3 cups sugar; 2 cinnamon sticks; 1 lemon, zested; 1 vanilla bean; 6 firm pears such as Bosc or Bartlett; 1 1/2 cups heavy cream; 12 ounces bittersweet chocolate, roughly chopped; 1 1/2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1 quart store-bought vanilla-bean ice cream; Wafer cookies, for serving | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Combine the water, sugar, cinnamon sticks, and lemon zest in a medium saucepan. Split vanilla bean lengthwise, scrape out the seeds and add both the seeds and the pod to the pan. Bring the mixture to a boil over medium heat, stirring occasionally, until the sugar is completely dissolved, about 5 minutes. Peel the pears. Reduce the poaching liquid to a simmer and add the pears. Cook until just tender (the tip of a paring knife will go through the flesh of a pear with just a little resistance), about 15 minutes. Remove the pan from the heat and cool the pears in th <END>
INPUT: Mexican, stir, white, duck breasts, water, kosher salt, sugar, oregano
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spicy Stir-Fry Duck with White Pineapple | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 6 duck breasts; 1 gallon water; 1/2 pound kosher salt; 1/2 cup brown sugar; 1 cup dry oregano; 1/2 cup cumin seed; 1 1/2 tablespoons chopped garlic; 6 tablespoons ancho puree; 1 cup apple cider vinegar; 20 whole cloves; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1 tablespoon Tequila; 1/4 cup julienne red peppers; 1/4 cup julienne green peppers; 1/4 cup julienne carrots | INSTRUCTIONS: Begin by making the brine. Combine all of the ingredients in a large pot. Warm slightly so salt and sugar dissolve. Remove from the heat and cool to room temperature. Add the duck breasts and marinate in brine, in the refrigerator, for 24 hours. Once the duck is ready, cut the breasts into julienne strips and saute in a large skillet or wok in olive oil. Add the Tequila and saute for a few minutes. Add all of the julienne cut vegetables, chili sauce and garlic except for the pineapple. Saute vegetables for approximately 5 minutes. Season, to taste, with salt and pepper. Cut the pineapple into  <END>
INPUT: American, onion, burger, butter, garlic, tomato paste, water, chipotle peppers adobo
OUTPUT: TITLE: 3-Way Onion Burger with Applewood Bacon and Aged Smoked Cheddar on Kaiser Roll | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 stick butter; 3 tablespoons minced garlic; 8 ounces tomato paste; 2 1/2 cups water; 1 small can chipotle peppers in adobo sauce, seeds removed and chopped; 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce; 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar; 3 tablespoons yellow mustard; 1/4 cup ketchup; 1/4 cup dark brown sugar; 1 teaspoon paprika; 3 tablespoons molasses; 2 tablespoons honey; 1/4 cup black cherry preserves; 2 teaspoons ground cumin | INSTRUCTIONS: Melt butter in large saucepan. Add the garlic, tomato paste and water. Stir until tomato paste dissolves. Add the chopped chipotle peppers (seeds removed), peppers and sauce to the pan. Stir to combine. Add the remaining ingredients and simmer for about 30 minutes. Strain and set aside. Caramelized Onions: Thinly slice the red onions. Melt butter in skillet and add garlic, onions and salt and pepper, to taste. Cook stirring occasionally until wilted. Add 1 cup Chipotle BBQ sauce simmer for 30 minutes. Beef Patties: Cut the root ends off the scallions. Brush with olive oil and place on grill. G <END>
INPUT: triple, bottled steak sauce, thyme, peppercorns brine, pepper, cayenne pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Triple-Pepper T-Bone Steaks | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 1/2 tablespoons bottled steak sauce; 1 1/2 tablespoons chopped fresh thyme; 1 teaspoon drained green peppercorns in brine, chopped; 1/2 teaspoon cracked black pepper; 1/8 teaspoon cayenne pepper; 2 T-bone steaks (each about 12 ounces) | INSTRUCTIONS: Prepare barbecue (medium-high heat). Blend first 5 ingredients in small bowl. Sprinkle steaks on both sides with salt. Spread 1/4 of pepper sauce over 1 side of each steak. Place steaks, sauce side down, on grill. Spread top of steaks with remaining sauce. Grill steaks until cooked to desired doneness, about 5 minutes per side for medium-rare. Transfer steaks to plates. Prepare barbecue (medium-high heat). Blend first 5 ingredients in small bowl. Sprinkle steaks on both sides with salt. Spread 1/4 of pepper sauce over 1 side of each steak. Place steaks, sauce side down, on grill. Spread top of <END>
INPUT: plain fine bread, onion, Turkish California bay, juniper berries, unsalted butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Creamy SauerKraut Gratin with Duck Confit | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup plain fine dry bread crumbs; 1 large onion, finely chopped; 1 Turkish or 1/2 California bay leaf; 1/4 teaspoon juniper berries (see cooks' note, below), crushed; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 2 pounds sauerkraut, drained and chopped; 3 Confit Duck Legs at room temperature; 2 cups heavy cream; 1 cup whole milk; 4 large eggs; 1/4 teaspoon grated nutmeg; a 2-quart shallow gratin | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 375°F with rack in middle. Butter baking dish and coat with bread crumbs. Chill until ready to use. Cook onion with bay leaf and juniper berries in butter in a 12-inch heavy skillet over medium heat, stirring occasionally, until well browned, 8 to 10 minutes. Add sauerkraut and cook, stirring occasionally, until heated through and liquid has evaporated, about 2 minutes. Discard bay leaf. Meanwhile, remove skin and bones from duck legs, reserving skin and discarding bones. Tear meat into 1-inch pieces and stir into sauerkraut. Transfer to baking dish. Whisk together cream, milk, <END>
INPUT: mousse, tin coconut milk, eggs, local organic honey, Juice zest unwaxed, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lemon Coconut Mousse | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 400g tin of coconut milk; 3 medium eggs, separated; 75g local organic honey (or less); Juice and zest of 2 unwaxed organic lemons; A pinch of salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Chill the coconut tin in the fridge for at least 2 hours, so that the coconut cream floats to the top. You only need to use the cream, so keep the rest of the milk to flavor a soup or a smoothie. Place the egg yolks, honey, lemon zest and lemon juice in a heatproof bowl set over a pan of simmering water and whisk constantly for about 10 minutes until the mixture thickens. Remove from the heat and chill in the fridge for about 30 minutes. Meanwhile, scoop out the chilled coconut cream from the top of the tin into a bowl and beat with a whisk or spoon until stiff. In separate clean bowl, beat th <END>
INPUT: parfait, rhubarb, sugar, water, egg, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Rhubarb Parfait | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups/300 g sliced rhubarb; 1/4 cup/55 g sugar; 1/4 cup plus 3 tablespoons water; 1 egg white; Pinch salt; 1/3 cup sugar; 2/3 cup/150 ml heavy cream; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract | INSTRUCTIONS: Prepare the rhubarb by putting it in a saucepan with the sugar and 1/4-cup/60 ml water. Bring to a simmer and cook until soft. If it seems too runny, simply leave on the heat, stirring, to let some of the liquid evaporate. Remove the pan from the heat and set aside. Beat the egg white to stiff peaks with the pinch of salt. Heat the sugar with 3 tablespoons of water to thread stage. Cook's Note: Which is just before it starts to color. With the beaters going, pour the sugar-water mixture into the beaten egg whites and continue beating until the stiff meringue is cooled. Meanwhile, beat the crea <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, salad, corn, Kosher salt, zucchini, zucchini blossoms, basil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Corn and Zucchini Salad with Feta | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 4 ears of corn, husked; Kosher salt; 4 small zucchini (about 1 1/2 pounds), thinly sliced lengthwise on a mandoline; 8-10 zucchini blossoms, torn into large pieces (optional); 1/4 cup coarsely chopped fresh basil; 1/4 cup coarsely chopped fresh flat-leaf parsley; 1/3 cup olive oil; 1/4 cup white wine vinegar; 1/2 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes; Freshly ground black pepper; 4 ounces feta, crumbled (about 1 cup) | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook corn in a large pot of boiling salted water until bright yellow and tender, about 3 minutes; transfer to a plate and let cool. Cut kernels from cobs and place in a large bowl. Add zucchini, zucchini blossoms (if using), basil, parsley, oil, vinegar, and red pepper flakes and toss to combine; season with salt and pepper. Serve topped with feta. Do ahead: Corn can be cooked 1 day ahead. Cut kernels from cobs; cover and chill. Bring to room temperature before using. Cook corn in a large pot of boiling salted water until bright yellow and tender, about 3 minutes; transfer to a plate and let c <END>
INPUT: spiced, pineapple chunks, chile powder, cumin, kosher salt, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chile-Spiced Pineapple | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: One 8-ounce can pineapple chunks, drained; 1 tablespoon chile powder; 1 teaspoon ground cumin; 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt; 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: cocktail skewers or toothpicks Skewer 3 pineapple chunks onto each cocktail skewer or toothpick and arrange on a plate. In a small bowl, combine the chile powder, cumin, salt and pepper and mix with a fork. Sprinkle onto all sides of the skewered pineapple chunks and serve. <END>
INPUT: American, aged, sandwich, top round rump, Salt pepper, grapeseed oil, garlic, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Dry-aged Italian Beef Sandwich with Homemade Giardiniera, Sweet Peppers, Suet-Fried Chips and Brocco | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 top round rump roast, tied with butcher twine in 2-inch increments; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 3 tablespoons grapeseed oil; 6 cloves garlic, chopped; 1 yellow onion, chopped; 2 tablespoons dried Italian seasoning; 1 tablespoon crushed red pepper; 1 cup dry red wine; 3 cups beef stock; 2 sprigs fresh thyme; 3 cups rendered beef suet; 6 russet potatoes, scrubbed, skin-on; 2 tablespoons fine sea salt; 1 tablespoon granulated garlic; 1 tablespoon paprika | INSTRUCTIONS: For the beef: Preheat the oven to 300 degrees F. Sprinkle the roast liberally with salt and pepper. In a heavy-bottomed roasting pan over high heat, heat the grapeseed oil until shimmering. Add the roast and sear all sides until a golden crust forms, about 10 minutes. Remove and set aside on a sheet tray. Add the garlic, onions, dried Italian seasoning and red pepper flakes. Saute until caramelized. Add the wine and deglaze, scraping the bottom. Add the stock, thyme, salt and pepper, to taste, and bring to a simmer. Return the roast to the pan and any accumulated juices from the sheet tray. Ro <END>
INPUT: onion, button mushrooms, demi glace, tomato paste
OUTPUT: TITLE: Love Me Tenderloin Minute-Steaks with Fried Okra | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup (1 stick) butter (cut 1/2 of this amount into cubes), divided; 1 medium onion, thinly sliced; 1 cup button mushrooms (about 3 ounces), cleaned, trimmed and sliced; 1/2 cup demi-glace; 4 tablespoons tomato paste; 1 cup red wine; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 liter canola for deep-fryer; 1 cup cornstarch; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/4 teaspoon pepper; 1 pound small okra, scrubbed and tips of stems removed; 1 tablespoon butter; 1 tablespoon grapeseed oil; 1 (3-pound) beef tenderloin, sliced into 1/4-inch thick "minute" steaks | INSTRUCTIONS: Melt half of the butter in a saute pan (reserving the other 1/4 cup) over medium-high heat, and saute onion until it caramelizes. Add the mushrooms and cook until they become tender and give up their juices. Strain and set aside. In another saucepan whisk together demi-glace, tomato paste, and red wine and simmer over low heat, allowing to reduce and thicken. (Begin okra and steak as directed below.) Just before serving sauce, whisk in the remaining 1/4 cup of cubed butter, and add mushroom-onion mixture. Taste and add salt and pepper, to taste. Heat oil in deep fryer to 375 degrees F, or as i <END>
INPUT: Indian, cuban, spiced, olive oil vegetable, bacon, onion, bell pepper, chicken broth
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cuban Spiced Pork Tenderloin and Soffrito Rice | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon olive oil or vegetable oil; 2 slices bacon, chopped; 1 small white onion, chopped; 1 small green bell pepper, chopped; 2 3/4 cups chicken broth; 1 1/2 cups white rice; 2 pinches saffron or 1/2 teaspoon turmeric; Salt; 2 pork tenderloins, trimmed, about 2 1/2 pounds total weight; 4 cloves garlic, cracked away from skin; 4 bay leaves; 2 teaspoons anise seed; 2 teaspoons ground coriander; 1 tablespoon ground cumin; 2 limes, zested | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F. Heat medium pot with tight fitting lid over medium high heat. Add oil and bacon and brown bacon. Add onions and peppers and saute 5 minutes. Bring broth to a boil. Add rice. Cover the pot and reduce heat to simmer. Cook 15 to 18 minutes, until rice is tender. For pork, cut 4 slits into each loin and nest garlic and bay into meat. Place meat on nonstick baking sheet. Combine the spices. Coat meat with oil. Rub spices over the pork tenderloins and place in oven. Roast meat 25 minutes. Remove from oven. Let juices redistribute, then slice and serve with soffrito <END>
INPUT: Indian, chutney, grapeseed oil, onion, cardamom seeds, fennel seeds, pears
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pear and Mint Chutney | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons grapeseed oil; 1 medium onion, finely chopped; 1 teaspoon cardamom seeds; 1 teaspoon fennel seeds; 2 extra-ripe pears, peeled, cored and chopped, such as Anjou or Bartlett; 1 cup chopped fresh mint; Pinch of salt; 2 tablespoons grapeseed oil; 1 medium onion, finely chopped; 1 teaspoon cardamom seeds; 1 teaspoon fennel seeds; 2 extra-ripe pears, peeled, cored and chopped, such as Anjou or Bartlett; 1 cup chopped fresh mint; Pinch of salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Place a skillet over medium-high heat and add the oil. When hot, add the onions and cook until very soft, about 3 minutes. Add the cardamom and fennel seeds and cook for 30 seconds. Set aside. Put the pears into a food processor along with the mint and onion mixture. Season with some salt, and then puree until it has a smooth but slightly chunky texture. Store in an airtight container in the refrigerator. Place a skillet over medium-high heat and add the oil. When hot, add the onions and cook until very soft, about 3 minutes. Add the cardamom and fennel seeds and cook for 30 seconds. Set aside <END>
INPUT: kugel, olive oil, Kosher salt, wide egg noodles, eggs, chicken vegetable broth
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chard and Caramelized Shallot Noodle Kugel | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons olive oil, plus extra for greasing the dish; Kosher salt; 8 ounces wide egg noodles; 5 large eggs, lightly beaten; 1/2 cup chicken or vegetable broth; Pinch freshly grated nutmeg; 3 shallots, thinly sliced; 1 bunch Swiss chard (12 ounces), stems finely chopped, leaves torn into small pieces and reserved separately; 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped; Freshly ground black pepper; 1/4 cup fresh dill fronds, chopped, plus extra for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Lightly coat a 2-quart oval baking dish with olive oil. Bring a large pot of water to a boil and add enough salt so that the water tastes like the sea. Add the noodles and cook 2 minutes less than the package directions. The noodles should be firm-tender. Reserve 1/2 cup pasta water, and then drain the noodles. Let the noodles and pasta water cool slightly. In a large bowl whisk the eggs with the broth and pasta water until smooth. Add the noodles and nutmeg and stir to combine. Set aside. Meanwhile, heat 2 tablespoons olive oil in a large skillet over medium <END>
INPUT: mashed, Yukon Gold Potatoes, water, garlic roasted, butter, heavy cream
OUTPUT: TITLE: Garlic Mashed Potatoes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 Yukon Gold Potatoes, peeled and quartered; 4 cups water; 1 head garlic roasted; 4 tablespoons butter; 4 to 5 heavy cream, heated; 2 tablespoons fresh bacon bits; Salt and freshly ground black pepper, to taste | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook the potatoes in 4 cups water for 30 minutes or until soft. Drain. Pass the potatoes through a food mill and add the garlic, butter, heavy cream, bacon bits, and salt and pepper to taste. Stir until thoroughly combined. Serve warm.; <END>
INPUT: filled, meatballs, veal, beef, Salt pepper, garlic, egg
OUTPUT: TITLE: Gorgonzola Filled Meatballs, Bay and Onion Creamy Tomato Gravy | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 pounds ground veal; 1 pound ground beef; Salt and pepper; 2 cloves garlic, grated or minced; 1 large egg, plus 1 egg yolk; 2 handfuls grated Parmigiano-Reggiano; 2 handfuls plain bread crumbs; 3 tablespoons sliced or finely chopped sage leaves; 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 8 ounces Gorgonzola; 1 tablespoon butter; 2 fresh bay leaves; 1 onion, finely chopped; 1 cup chicken stock; 1 (15-ounce) can crushed tomatoes | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. Place meat in a mixing bowl and season with salt, pepper, add in garlic, eggs, cheese, bread crumbs and sage. Mix meat, roll into 8 large balls and arrange in a baking dish. Coat balls with 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil. Using the end of a wooden spoon, make an indentation half way into each ball and fill the cavity with some Gorgonzola. Bake until golden and cooked through, 15 to 20 minutes. Heat 1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil and butter in a sauce pot over medium heat, add bay and onions and season with salt and pepper. Add chicken stock and tomatoe <END>
INPUT: Mexican, lightly salted corn, chili powder, cumin, egg, chicken drumsticks
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tortilla Chicken Drumsticks | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 8 ounces lightly salted corn tortilla chips; 4 teaspoons chili powder, divided; 1 teaspoon ground cumin; 1 large egg; 2 1/2 pounds chicken drumsticks (about 10); Accompaniment: lime wedges | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 450°F with rack in middle. Oil a large 4-sided sheet pan. Pulse chips, 2 teaspoons chili powder, cumin, and 1/4 teaspoon salt in a food processor until coarsely ground, then transfer to a shallow dish. Whisk egg and remaining 2 teaspoon chili powder in a bowl. Season chicken with 1/2 teaspoon salt. Dip drumsticks in egg, letting excess drip off, then coat with crumbs, pressing to help them adhere. Transfer to sheet pan. Bake, without turning, until cooked through, 40 to 45 minutes. Let stand, uncovered, 5 minutes. Preheat oven to 450°F with rack in middle. Oil a large 4-sided s <END>
INPUT: Asian, vegetable oil, onion, turmeric, long grain rice, water
OUTPUT: TITLE: Rice with Lemongrass and Green Onion | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons vegetable oil; 2/3 cup finely chopped onion; 1/4 teaspoon turmeric; 1 cup long-grain white rice; 1 3/4 cups water; 2 12-inch-long lemongrass stalks, cut into 2-inch-long pieces; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1 large green onion, chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat 1 1/2 tablespoons oil in heavy medium saucepan over medium heat. Add 2/3 cup onion and turmeric and sauté 5 minutes. Mix in rice. Add water, lemongrass and 1/2 teaspoon salt and bring to simmer. Cover, reduce heat to medium-low and simmer until rice is tender and liquid is absorbed, about 18 minutes. Remove from heat; let stand covered 10 minutes. Discard lemongrass. Heat remaining 1/2 tablespoon oil in heavy large skillet over medium heat. Add green onion and sauté 1 minute. Add rice and stir until heated through. Season to taste with salt. Heat 1 1/2 tablespoons oil in heavy medium sauc <END>
INPUT: Italian, paillards, relish, virgin olive oil, corn kernels, cherry tomatoes, onions, basil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken Paillards with Tomato, Basil, and Roasted-Corn Relish | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, divided; 1 1/2 cups fresh corn kernels; 12 ounces cherry tomatoes, halved; 1/4 cup chopped green onions; 3 tablespoons finely sliced fresh basil; 4 large skinless boneless chicken breast halves, tenderloins removed; All purpose flour; 1 1/2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1 1/2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil | INSTRUCTIONS: For relish: Preheat oven to 375°F. Brush rimmed baking sheet with 1 teaspoon oil. Toss corn and 2 teaspoons oil on prepared sheet. Roast until corn begins to brown, stirring occasionally, about 18 minutes. Transfer to bowl. Mix in tomatoes, green onions, basil, and 2 tablespoons oil; season with salt and pepper. Preheat oven to 375°F. Brush rimmed baking sheet with 1 teaspoon oil. Toss corn and 2 teaspoons oil on prepared sheet. Roast until corn begins to brown, stirring occasionally, about 18 minutes. Transfer to bowl. Mix in tomatoes, green onions, basil, and 2 tablespoons oil; season with s <END>
INPUT: pudding, sherry, whipping cream, butter, granulated sugar dusting, bread
OUTPUT: TITLE: Bread and Butter Pudding | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons dry sherry; 1/2 cup whipping cream; 8 tablespoons butter; 2 tablespoons granulated sugar for dusting, plus 1/4 cup sifted; 12 slices white bread, halved; 12 slices brown bread, halved; 5 cups milk; 1 vanilla pod; Lemon zest, 3 pieces; 2 cups raisins; 2 ounces candied peel; Freshly grated nutmeg; 6 eggs | INSTRUCTIONS: Rub 2 tablespoons of butter around a casserole and dust with 1 tablespoon granulated sugar. Preheat oven to 325 degrees F. Butter the bread with the remaining 6 tablespoons of butter. Scald milk in a pan, add the vanilla pod and the lemon zest. Stir in 1/4 cup granulated sugar. Increase the heat and dissolve the sugar and then remove from the heat. Arrange some of the cut bread overlapping on the base of the casserole. Sprinkle with some of the raisins and candied peel. Place another layer of bread on top - alternating the brown and white slices. Cover with the remaining bread. Sprinkle the re <END>
INPUT: pudding, vanilla flavored unsweetened, plain low fat, pure maple syrup, pure vanilla extract, Kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chia Seed Pudding | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup vanilla-flavored unsweetened almond milk; 1 cup plain low-fat (2 percent) Greek yogurt; 2 tablespoons pure maple syrup (preferably grade B), plus 4 teaspoons for serving; 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract; Kosher salt; 1/4 cup chia seeds; 1 pint strawberries, hulled and chopped; 1/4 cup sliced almonds, toasted | INSTRUCTIONS: In a medium bowl, gently whisk the almond milk, yogurt, 2 tablespoons maple syrup, the vanilla and 1/8 teaspoon salt until just blended. Whisk in the chia seeds; let stand 30 minutes. Stir to distribute the seeds if they have settled. Cover and refrigerate overnight. The next day, in a medium bowl, toss the berries with the remaining 4 teaspoons maple syrup. Mix in the almonds. Spoon the pudding into 4 bowls or glasses; mound the berry mixture on top and serve. Photograph by Kana Okada <END>
INPUT: Kosher salt, Brussels sprouts, molasses cured shoulder, garlic, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Brussels Sprouts with Garlic and Bacon | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Kosher salt; 4 cups whole Brussels sprouts; 8 slices molasses-cured shoulder bacon or regular bacon; 6 cloves garlic, chopped; Freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Fill a large saucepan with water, add a pinch of salt, and bring to a boil. Add the Brussels sprouts and cook them for about 8 minutes. Remove the sprouts from the heat, drain, and then chill them in the refrigerator. Slice the sprouts in half when they have cooled. In a large skillet, cook the bacon over medium heat until it is done. Discard all but 2 tablespoons bacon fat and grease from the pan, leaving the 2 tablespoons in the pan. Add the garlic and cook for a few minutes over medium-low heat until fragrant. Add the sprouts and cook until heated through. Season the sprouts with kosher sal <END>
INPUT: American, casserole, frommage, mixed veggies, chicken breasts stuffed, cheese sauce, cream, roux
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken And Veggie Casserole Frommage | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups mixed veggies; 4 cooked chicken breasts stuffed with broccoli, sliced; 2 cups cheese sauce; 2 cups cream; 1/3 cup roux (50 percent butter and 50 percent flour stirred until blended); 2 cups cheese, shredded; Salt, garlic and cayenne, to taste | INSTRUCTIONS: Put your veggies in the bottom of the casserole. Fan the sliced chicken breasts over the top of the veggies. Pour the cheese over the top of all and bake in a preheated 350 degree oven for about 10 minutes or until warm. Bring your cream and roux to a boil. Add in cheese and seasoning and simmer until smooth. <END>
INPUT: smashed, potatoes, pepper, virgin olive oil, dill
OUTPUT: TITLE: Black-Pepper Salmon with Dill Smashed Potatoes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 pound small red potatoes (about 1 1/2 inches in diameter); 4 (6-to 7-ounce) salmon steaks (3/4 inch thick); 1 tablespoon coarsely ground black pepper; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1/4 cup chopped dill; Accompaniment: sour cream | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 375°F with rack in middle. Cover potatoes with water in a medium saucepan and season well with salt. Simmer, uncovered, until just tender, 12 to 15 minutes. While potatoes cook, pat salmon dry and season with a rounded 1/2 teaspoon salt (total). Put salmon in a lightly oiled 4-sided sheet pan and press pepper on top. Bake until just cooked through, 8 to 10 minutes. Drain potatoes, then transfer to a bowl and very coarsely mash. Stir in oil and dill and season with salt. Serve salmon with potatoes. Preheat oven to 375°F with rack in middle. Cover potatoes with water in a medium  <END>
INPUT: slaw, plain unsweetened yogurt, mayonnaise, cider vinegar, honey, lemon juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Green Apple Slaw with Pecans | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup plain unsweetened yogurt; 1/4 cup mayonnaise; 2 teaspoons cider vinegar; 1 teaspoon honey; 1 teaspoon lemon juice; 1 pinch red pepper flakes; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 Granny Smith apples, core removed and cut into thin slices; 3 cups finely sliced green cabbage; 2 cups finely sliced red cabbage; 1 cup grated carrots; 1/2 cup finely sliced sweet onions; 1 cup toasted pecans, roughly chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large bowl combine the yogurt, mayo, vinegar, honey, lemon juice, red pepper flakes and some salt and pepper. Mix well to combine. Add the apples, green and red cabbages, carrots and onions. Mix together well and place in the refrigerator to allow flavors to come together and the cabbage soften slightly, 10 to 15 minutes. Serve topped with the toasted pecans. <END>
INPUT: sauce, coarse salt, pepper, pineapple, onions
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken with Pineapple Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 (3 pound) roasting chicken, cut into 8 pieces; 1 teaspoon coarse salt; 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 1 ripe pineapple, peeled, cored and chopped, juices reserved; 2 medium onions, thinly sliced; 1 red bell pepper, seeded and chopped; 2 garlic cloves, minced; 1 cinnamon stick; 1 bay leaf; 1/2 cup olive oil; 1/2 cup white wine vinegar; 1/2 cup dry sherry; 1 to 2 cups chicken stock (optional); 1/4 cup chopped almonds | INSTRUCTIONS: Place the chicken pieces in a heavy bottomed saucepan or casserole. Season the chicken with salt and pepper. Top the chicken with the pineapple chunks, pineapple juices, onions, red bell pepper, garlic, cinnamon stick and bay leaf. In a small bowl, whisk together the olive oil, vinegar and sherry, and pour evenly over the top of the chicken. Add chicken stock, if needed, to cover the chicken pieces with liquid. (If you use canned pineapple chunks, the pineapple juice can be used instead of the chicken stock). Cover loosely and simmer over low heat until the chicken is tender and the sauce is r <END>
INPUT: Asian, planked, glaze, pure maple syrup, gingerroot, lemon juice, soy sauce, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cedar Planked Salmon With Maple Glaze and Mustard Mashed Potatoes | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup pure maple syrup; 2 tablespoons finely grated peeled fresh gingerroot; 4 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 3 tablespoons soy sauce; 1 1/2 teaspoons minced garlic; 2 1/2-pound center-cut salmon fillet with skin; Greens from 1 bunch scallions; Mustard Mashed Potatoes, to serve; An untreated cedar plank (about 17x10 1/2") if desired | INSTRUCTIONS: In a small heavy saucepan simmer maple syrup, gingerroot, 3 tablespoons lemon juice, soy sauce, garlic, and salt and pepper to taste until reduced to about 1 cup, about 30 minutes, and let cool. (Maple glaze may be made 2 days ahead and chilled, covered. Bring maple glaze to room temperature before proceeding.) Preheat oven to 350° F. If using cedar plank, lightly oil and heat in middle of oven 15 minutes; or lightly oil a shallow baking pan large enough to hold salmon. Arrange scallion greens in one layer on plank or in baking pan to form a bed for fish. In another small saucepan heat half of <END>
INPUT: cornbread, cornmeal, all purpose flour, Manchego cheese, granulated sugar, baking powder
OUTPUT: TITLE: Manchego Jalapeño Cornbread | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup cornmeal; 1 cup all-purpose flour; 6 ounces Manchego cheese, grated; 1/4 cup granulated sugar; 1 tablespoon baking powder; 1 teaspoon salt; 2 tablespoons pickled sliced jalapeño peppers; 1 cup milk; 1/3 cup vegetable oil; 2 large eggs, lightly beaten | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 400°F. Grease an 8-inch-square baking pan. Combine the cornmeal, flour, 4 ounces of the grated Manchego, the sugar, baking powder, and salt in a medium bowl. Mince 1 tablespoon of the jalapeños and combine it with the milk, oil, and eggs in a small bowl; mix well. Add the milk mixture to the flour mixture and stir just until blended. Pour into the prepared pan. Lay the remaining jalapeño slices on top of the batter approximately 3 inches apart (the idea is for each piece of cornbread to get a slice of jalapeño on top) and sprinkle with the remaining 2 ounces of Manchego. Ba <END>
INPUT: lemons, chicken cutlets, Salt pepper, Flour, virgin olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Classic Lemon Chicken with Sauteed Spinach | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 lemons; 4 chicken cutlets, pounded thinly into scallopini; Salt and pepper; Flour, for dredging; 6 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 6 tablespoons butter; 2 cloves garlic, peeled; 16 caper berries; 10 large green olives; 1/2 cup dry white wine; 1 cup chicken stock or broth; 2 tablespoons chopped Italian parsley; Sauteed Spinach, recipe follows; 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 5 cloves garlic, peeled | INSTRUCTIONS: Squeeze the juice from one and a half lemons and reserve. Cut the remaining half lemon into very thin slices. Remove seeds and set the lemon slices aside. Season the chicken scallopini with salt and pepper. Dredge in flour, coating both sides, and tap the excess flour off. Heat 3 tablespoons of olive oil and 2 tablespoons of butter in a large skillet over medium heat. Add as many scallopini into the pan that will fit without touching, and cook until golden brown, approximately 3 minutes. Flip and cook second side until lightly browned, about 2 minutes. Remove scallopini and drain on paper towe <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, cakes, tomatoes, onion, jalapeno pepper, cilantro, Kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Masa Corn Cakes with Poached Eggs | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 2 large ripe tomatoes (about 1 pound), finely diced; 1/4 small white or red onion, finely diced; 1 jalapeno pepper, finely chopped (remove seeds for less heat); 1/4 cup chopped fresh cilantro; Kosher salt; 2 cups whole milk; 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, sliced; 2 cups masa harina corn flour; Kosher salt; 2 teaspoons sugar; 1/3 cup crumbled queso fresco or feta cheese, plus more for garnish; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 8 large eggs; 1 tablespoon white vinegar; 1 Hass avocado, chopped, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: See how to poach eggs Make the salsa: Combine the tomatoes, onion, jalapeno, cilantro and 1 teaspoon salt in a bowl. Preheat the oven to 200 degrees. Make the corn cakes: Warm the milk and butter in a small saucepan over low heat just until the butter melts. Combine the masa harina, 1 teaspoon salt, the sugar and queso fresco in a large bowl. Stir in the milk mixture to make a soft dough. Scoop the dough into 8 portions (about 1/4 cup each) and place on a parchment-lined baking sheet. Cover with another sheet of parchment; press a pan on top to flatten into disks. Heat 1 tablespoon olive oil i <END>
INPUT: unpeeled acorn squash, thyme leaves, virgin olive oil, Kosher salt pepper, shelled pistachios
OUTPUT: TITLE: Quinoa with Roasted Squash and Pistachios | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 cups chopped unpeeled acorn squash; 2 teaspoons fresh thyme leaves, roughly chopped, plus more for serving; 5 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1/4 cup shelled pistachios; 1 1/2 cups quinoa, rinsed and drained; 1 tablespoon white balsamic vinegar | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Line a rimmed baking sheet with foil. Toss the squash on the baking sheet with the thyme, 3 tablespoons of the oil, 1 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of pepper until the squash is well coated. Roast until very tender, about 30 minutes, stirring halfway through the cooking time. Meanwhile, put the pistachios on a small baking sheet and toast until fragrant, about 5 minutes; set aside to cool. Bring 4 cups of water to a boil in a medium saucepan and stir in the quinoa. Simmer, uncovered, until the quinoa is tender, about 10 minutes. Drain the quinoa and transfer <END>
INPUT: American, sandwiches, goat cheese, pepitas, Chipotle hot sauce, grain sandwich bread, Forest ham
OUTPUT: TITLE: Ham and Goat Cheese Sandwiches | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 6 ounces goat cheese; 3 tablespoons pepitas (hulled green pumpkin seeds) or chopped almonds; Chipotle hot sauce; 8 slices whole-grain sandwich bread, toasted; 1/2 pound thinly sliced Black Forest ham; 1 avocado, pitted, peeled and sliced; 2 cups baby arugula or mixed baby greens; 2 teaspoons extra-virgin olive oil; Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper; Potato salad, for serving (optional) | INSTRUCTIONS: Mash the goat cheese, pepitas and 2 to 3 teaspoons hot sauce in a bowl with a fork until combined. Spread the mixture evenly on 4 slices of bread, then top with the ham and avocado. Toss the arugula with the olive oil, a few dashes of hot sauce, and salt and pepper to taste in a bowl. Add the arugula to the sandwiches and cover with the remaining bread. Serve with potato salad. Photograph by Christopher Testani <END>
INPUT: Mexican, quesadilla, flour tortillas, cranberry sauce, Jack Cheddar, leftover stuffing, beans
OUTPUT: TITLE: Turkey Quesadilla | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2 flour tortillas; 2 tablespoons cranberry sauce; 3 tablespoons grated Jack or Cheddar; 2 tablespoons leftover stuffing; 2 tablespoons cooked and chopped green beans; 3 tablespoons chopped cooked turkey; 1 teaspoon chopped jalapeno peppers; Vegetable oil cooking spray | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Place 2 tortillas on your board. Spread 1 with cranberry sauce and set aside. Sprinkle the cheese over the other one and crumble the stuffing on top. Add the green beans, turkey, and jalapeno peppers. Pick up the first tortilla and place it cranberry side down onto the filled one. Press gently but firmly to keep the quesadilla together. Spray a nonstick skillet with cooking spray and put it over medium heat. Place the quesadilla in the skillet and cook until the bottom is lightly browned and the cheese is melted, about 2 minutes. Flip the quesadilla and cook it o <END>
INPUT: garbanzo beans, garlic, shallots, bay leaves, fennel seeds
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Garbanzo Beans and Garlic with Swiss Chard | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 15.5-ounce cans garbanzo beans (chickpeas), drained (about 3 cups); 10 garlic cloves, peeled; 2 large shallots; 3 small bay leaves, preferably fresh; 1 teaspoon fennel seeds; 1 1/4 cups extra-virgin olive oil; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 6 garlic cloves, peeled, crushed; 3 small bay leaves, preferably fresh; 2 shallots, sliced; 2 bunches Swiss chard, center stems cut out, leaves coarsely torn; 2 cups low-salt chicken broth | INSTRUCTIONS: Garbanzo beans: Preheat oven to 350°F. Combine first 5 ingredients in 8x8x2-inch glass baking dish. Sprinkle with salt and pepper. Pour oil over; cover dish with foil. Roast until garlic is tender, about 45 minutes. DO AHEAD: Can be made 1 day ahead. Cool slightly, cover, and chill. Preheat oven to 350°F. Combine first 5 ingredients in 8x8x2-inch glass baking dish. Sprinkle with salt and pepper. Pour oil over; cover dish with foil. Roast until garlic is tender, about 45 minutes. DO AHEAD: Can be made 1 day ahead. Cool slightly, cover, and chill. Chard: Heat oil in large pot over medium-high he <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, couscous, chicken stock water, butter, Salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Couscous | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 to 2 cups couscous; 1 1/2 to 2 cups chicken stock or water; 3 tablespoons butter; Salt and freshly cracked black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Place the couscous in a glass or ceramic mixing bowl. In a medium saucepan, bring the chicken stock or water and butter to a boil. Pour over the couscous and cover the mixing bowl with plastic wrap or aluminum foil. Set aside and let stand 5 minutes. Fluff with a fork, then add the butter and salt and pepper, to taste, and set aside while butter melts. Serve hot with Moroccan Chicken, if desired. <END>
INPUT: tipsy, orange flavored vodka, Sweet Tea, orange wheel
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tipsy Tea with Homemade Sweet Tea | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 ounces orange-flavored vodka, chilled; 6 ounces Sweet Tea , chilled; 1/2 orange wheel (optional) | INSTRUCTIONS: Add the vodka and tea to a tall glass filled with ice; stir well. Garnish, if desired. Add the vodka and tea to a tall glass filled with ice; stir well. Garnish, if desired. <END>
INPUT: salad, beets, vegetable oil, wine vinegar, orange zest, orange juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Beet and Apple Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 medium beets (about one pound); 3 tablespoons vegetable oil; 3 tablespoons white wine vinegar; 1 teaspoon orange zest; 2 tablespoons orange juice; 2 tablespoons sliced green onion; 1 tablespoon snipped mint; 1 teaspoon honey; 2 cups romaine lettuce, torn; 1 tart green apple, diced; Fresh mint for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook whole beets covered, in simmering water for 40-50 minutes until tender. Drain, and cool slightly, remove skin and cut into thin strips. For dressing: combine oil, vinegar, zest, orange juice, green onion, mint and honey in screwtop jar, shake to combine. Toss half of dressing with beets, chill for 2 to 24 hours. To serve, combine torn romaine and diced apple in a serving bowl, toss with the rest of the dressing, and top with beets. Garnish with mint. <END>
INPUT: bloody, mary, cake flour, baking powder, salt, pepper, cayenne pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Bloody Mary Cupcakes, Cayenne Pepper Buttercream | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups cake flour; 2 teaspoons baking powder; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/2 teaspoon ground black pepper; 1/4 teaspoon cayenne pepper; 3/4 cup tomato juice; 1/4 cup plus 2 tablespoons vodka; 2 tablespoons lemon juice; 2 teaspoons hot sauce; 2 teaspoons Worcestershire sauce; 8 ounces (2 sticks) unsalted butter, softened; 1 1/4 cups granulated sugar; 1 tablespoon horseradish sauce; 2 eggs; 1 egg yolk | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line a regular cupcake or muffin pan with 12 cupcake liners. Sift the flour, baking powder, salt, 1/4 teaspoon black pepper and cayenne pepper into a medium bowl. Set the bowl aside. In a small bowl, combine the tomato juice, 1/4 cup vodka, lemon juice, hot sauce and Worcestershire sauce. Set the bowl aside. In the bowl of an electric stand mixer with a paddle attachment, cream the butter with the granulated sugar and horseradish sauce, about 5 minutes. Scrape down the sides of the bowl, and then add 1 egg at a time, scraping down the sides of the bowl after  <END>
INPUT: Italian, butternut, risotto, garlic, unsalted butter, chervil leaves, marjoram leaves, cinnamon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Butternut Squash and Pancetta Risotto with Spiced Butter | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 4 cloves garlic, roasted; 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, room temperature; 1 teaspoon finely chopped chervil leaves; 1/2 teaspoon finely chopped marjoram leaves; Pinch ground cinnamon; Pinch ground ginger; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1 pound squash, cut into 3/4-inch cubes; 1 teaspoon kosher salt; 1 tablespoon brown sugar; 5 cups chicken stock, recipe follows; 1 tablespoon olive oil; 1/4 pound pancetta, small dice; 1/2 cup minced shallots; 1 cup arborio rice | INSTRUCTIONS: For the butter: In a bowl, crush the roasted garlic with a spoon. Mix in the butter, chervil, marjoram, ground cinnamon, and ginger and set aside. For the butternut squash: In large skillet melt the butter over medium heat. Add the squash and season with salt. Cook for 6 minutes until golden on all sides. Add brown sugar and cook until the squash is caramelized and tender, but not mushy. Set aside and keep warm. For the risotto: Bring chicken stock to a boil over high heat. Reduce the heat to low and keep warm. Heat olive oil in a heavy bottomed saucepan add the pancetta and saute until lightl <END>
INPUT: Indian, tandoori, turmeric, sweet paprika, kosher salt, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Tandoori Style Shrimp with Mint Chutney | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 lb extra-large (12 to 16 per lb) shrimp, shelled; 1 teaspoon turmeric; 1 teaspoon sweet paprika; 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt; 1/4 teaspoon black pepper; Accompaniment: mint chutney | INSTRUCTIONS: Prepare grill for cooking. Butterfly shrimp by making a deep lengthwise incision from top to bottom down center of back, without cutting all the way through, and devein. 3Combine turmeric, paprika, salt, and pepper in a large bowl. Add shrimp and toss to coat well. Grill shrimp, opened flat, on an oiled rack set 5 to 6 inches over glowing coals, turning once, until cooked through, about 2 minutes on each side. (Alternatively, grill shrimp in a hot well-seasoned ridged grill pan over moderate heat.) 3Serve immediately with chutney. Prepare grill for cooking. Butterfly shrimp by making a deep le <END>
INPUT: chips, olive oil, baking potatoes, coarse salt, pepper, Special Japanese Benriner
OUTPUT: TITLE: Salt and Pepper Potato Chips | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup olive oil; 2 large baking potatoes (1 pound total), scrubbed; 3/4 teaspoon coarse salt; 1 teaspoon coarsely ground black pepper; Special equipment: a Japanese Benriner or other adjustable-blade slicer | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 375°F. Brush 2 large shallow (1-inch-deep) baking pans generously with some olive oil. Cut 1 potato crosswise into 1/16-inch-thick slices with Benriner and immediately arrange in 1 layer on baking sheets. Lightly brush slices with more oil and sprinkle with half of coarse salt and pepper. Bake in upper and lower thirds of oven, switching position of sheets halfway through baking, until golden, 10 to 20 minutes (check frequently after 10 minutes), and transfer as cooked with a metal spatula to a rack to cool. Make more chips with remaining potato in same manner. Preheat oven to  <END>
INPUT: Mexican, cilantro, virgin olive oil, sweet onion, garlic, kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Turkey Chili with Cannellini Beans | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 bunch cilantro, chopped; 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 1 large sweet onion, diced; 4 cloves garlic, minced; 2 teaspoons kosher salt; 3 pounds ground turkey (50-50 light and dark meat); 1/4 cup all-purpose flour; 1/4 cup chili powder; 3 tablespoons ground cumin; 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; Pinch of cayenne pepper; 4 cups low-sodium chicken stock; 2 15-ounce cans cannellini beans, with liquid | INSTRUCTIONS: In a blender or food processor, puree the roasted chiles and cilantro until smooth. Set aside. In a large Dutch oven over medium-high heat, combine the olive oil, onion, garlic and salt. Cook until the onion is translucent, 5 to 6 minutes. Add the turkey and cook until browned and cooked through, breaking it up with a wooden spoon, 7 to 8 minutes. Add the flour, chili powder, cumin, black pepper and cayenne and cook until fragrant, about 2 minutes. Deglaze the pot by adding the chicken stock and scraping up the browned bits from the bottom of the pot. Add the reserved pureed chiles and cilantr <END>
INPUT: twice, russet potatoes, virgin olive oil, onion, mushrooms, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Twice-Baked Potatoes with Mushrooms and Prosciutto | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 russet potatoes; 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, plus 3 tablespoons; 1 small onion, chopped; 8 ounces small mushrooms, such as cremini or button, sliced; 3 cloves garlic, minced; 1/4 teaspoon kosher salt, plus more for seasoning; 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, plus more for seasoning; 1 stick (1/2 cup) unsalted butter, melted; 1 1/2 teaspoons dried oregano; 2 cups (8 ounces) shredded extra-sharp Cheddar; 4 thin slices prosciutto, halved; 1/3 cup chopped fresh flat-leaf parsley | INSTRUCTIONS: Put an oven rack in the center of the oven. Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper. Using the tines of a fork, prick the skins of the potatoes all over and arrange on the prepared baking sheet. Bake for 1 to 1 1/4 hours until tender and cooked through. Remove from the oven and let cool until warm enough to handle, about 20 minutes. While the potatoes are cooling, in a medium skillet, heat 3 tablespoons of olive oil over medium-high heat. Add the onion and cook, stirring frequently, until soft, about 5 minutes. Add the mushrooms, garlic, 1/4 teaspoon salt an <END>
INPUT: crisp, all purpose flour, curry powder, baking powder, Sea salt pepper, sparkling mineral water
OUTPUT: TITLE: Crisp Zucchini Flowers | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup all-purpose flour; 2 teaspoons curry powder; 1 teaspoon baking powder; Sea salt and freshly cracked black pepper; 1/2 cup sparkling mineral water; Extra-virgin olive oil, for pan-frying; 12 zucchini flowers, stamens removed | INSTRUCTIONS: Sift the flour, curry powder and baking powder into a large mixing bowl, and season with salt and pepper. Make a well in the center of the mixture and whisk in enough sparkling mineral water to make a very runny and smooth batter. Fill a shallow saucepan with 2-inches worth of olive oil and set it over high heat. Dip the zucchini flowers, in batches, into the prepared batter, shaking off the excess. Carefully lower the zucchini flowers into the hot oil and fry, a few at a time, until golden brown. Remove the flowers with a slotted spoon and then drain on a paper towel. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, soup, virgin olive oil, onions, garlic, jalapenos, tomatoes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mexican Tortilla Chicken Soup | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 2 medium white onions, diced; 2 garlic cloves, minced; 2 jalapenos, seeded and minced; 3 ripe medium tomatoes, chopped; 1 quart chicken stock, recipe follows; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; Canola oil, for pan-frying; 8 corn tortillas, cut into 1/8-inch-thick strips; 1 1/2 cups shredded cooked chicken; 2 avocados, halved, pitted, peeled, and diced; 1 cup shredded Jack cheese, optional; 1/2 cup coarsely chopped fresh cilantro leaves, for garnish; 1 lime, cut in wedges, for serving; 1 whole free-range chicken (about 3 1/2 pounds), rinsed, giblets discarded | INSTRUCTIONS: Place a stockpot over medium heat and coat with 2 tablespoons of the olive oil. Add the onions, garlic, jalapenos, and tomatoes; cook, stirring for 15 minutes until the vegetables are cooked down and pulpy. Pour in the stock, season with salt and pepper, and simmer for 20 minutes. Meanwhile, heat 1-inch of canola oil in a skillet over medium-high flame. When the oil begins to smoke, add the tortilla strips in batches and fry until they are crisp on all sides. Remove to a paper towel-lined platter and sprinkle with salt while they are still hot. Ladle the hot soup into 4 soup bowls and put a pi <END>
INPUT: vegetable oil, sugar, sea salt, cayenne pepper, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pepper Pecans | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 tablespoons vegetable oil; 3 tablespoons sugar; 1 1/2 tablespoons sea salt; 1 to 2 teaspoons cayenne pepper, or to taste; 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 4 cups pecans | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large heavy skillet, over a medium heat, warm the oil. Stir in the sugar, salt, cayenne, and pepper. Mix well, until sugar starts to melt. Add the pecans and coat thoroughly. Drain the pecans on a baking sheet and cool. Store in an airtight container, in the refrigerator, for up to 2 weeks. <END>
INPUT: Asian, holiday, dark soy, soy sauce, garlic, honey, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Chicken with Holiday Stuffing | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons dark soy; 1 tablespoon soy sauce; 2 teaspoons minced garlic; 1 tablespoon honey; 1/2 teaspoon pepper; 1 (2 1/2) pound spring chicken; 1/4 cup dried chestnuts; 3 dried black mushrooms; 1 tablespoon cooking oil; 2 Chinese sausage (2 ounces each), diced; 2 medium shallots, thinly sliced; 2 stalks green onions, thinly sliced; 1 tablespoon chopped cilantro; 2 tablespoons oyster-flavored sauce; 1 teaspoon sesame oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine marinade ingredients in a bowl. Rub chicken inside and out with marinade. Cover and refrigerate for 4 hours or overnight. Stuffing: Soak the dried chestnuts overnight in water. Place them in a pan with water and simmer, covered, until soft, about 30 minutes; drain. Discard the stems and thinly slice the mushroom caps. Place a wok over high heat until hot. Add oil, swirling to coat sides. Add sausage; stir-fry until sausage is slightly crisp, 1 1/2 to 2 minutes. Add shallots, green onions, chestnuts, mushrooms and cilantro. Cook for 1 minute. Stir in oyster-flavored sauce, and sesame oi <END>
INPUT: Mexican, breasts, salsa, Anjou Bosc pears, bell pepper, onion, jalapeo chiles, lemon juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sauteed Chicken Breasts with Pear, Bell Pepper, and Cilantro Salsa | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2 firm but ripe Anjou or Bosc pears (about 1 1/4 pounds total), peeled, cored, cut into 1/2-inch cubes; 1 cup finely diced seeded red bell pepper (about 1 large); 1/2 cup finely chopped red onion; 1/4 cup finely chopped seeded jalapeo chiles (about 2 medium); 1/4 cup fresh lemon juice; 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1/2 cup coarsely chopped fresh cilantro; 3 skinless boneless chicken breast halves (about 1 1/2 pounds total), halved horizontally; 1/2 cup all purpose flour; 2 tablespoons (1/4 stick) butter, divided; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, divided; 2/3 cup low-salt chicken broth; 2/3 cup pear nectar; 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard; 1 teaspoon fresh lemon juice | INSTRUCTIONS: For salsa: Mix all ingredients except cilantro in medium bowl. Season with salt and pepper. Let stand at room temperature 1 hour. Stir in cilantro. Mix all ingredients except cilantro in medium bowl. Season with salt and pepper. Let stand at room temperature 1 hour. Stir in cilantro. For chicken: Sprinkle chicken with salt and pepper. Place flour in wide shallow bowl. Dredge chicken in flour, shaking off excess. Place on baking sheet. Melt 1 tablespoon butter with 1 tablespoon oil in heavy large skillet over high heat. Add 3 chicken breast pieces to skillet and cook until brown and cooked thro <END>
INPUT: salad, dressing, well shaken low, low fat sour, mayonnaise, tarragon tarragon, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Red Leaf Lettuce, Watercress, and Cucumber Salad with Buttermilk Dressing | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup well-shaken low-fat buttermilk; 2 tablespoons low-fat sour cream; 1 tablespoon mayonnaise; 3/4 teaspoon finely chopped fresh tarragon or 1/4 teaspoon dried tarragon, crumbled; 1/2 teaspoon minced garlic, mashed to a paste with 1/4 teaspoon salt; 1/4 teaspoon dry mustard, or to taste; 1/2 cup finely chopped red onion; 1 small head red leaf lettuce (1/2 pound), torn into pieces; 1 bunch watercress, coarse stems discarded; 1 cup thinly sliced seedless cucumber (usually plastic-wrapped) | INSTRUCTIONS: Make dressing: Whisk together all dressing ingredients in a small bowl with salt and pepper to taste. Whisk together all dressing ingredients in a small bowl with salt and pepper to taste. Make salad: Soak onion in 1 cup cold water 10 minutes, then drain well in a sieve. Toss lettuce, watercress, and cucumber together in a bowl and divide among 6 plates. Spoon dressing over, then sprinkle salads with onion. Soak onion in 1 cup cold water 10 minutes, then drain well in a sieve. Toss lettuce, watercress, and cucumber together in a bowl and divide among 6 plates. Spoon dressing over, then sprinkl <END>
INPUT: granita, water, granulated sugar, brewed coffee, coffee liqueur, lemon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Coffee Granita | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup water; 2 tablespoons granulated sugar; 1 1/4 cups brewed coffee, cooled; 1/4 cup coffee liqueur (recommended: Tia Maria); 1/2 lemon, zested | INSTRUCTIONS: In a small saucepan, combine the water with the sugar. Stir to blend. Bring to a simmer over low heat, then transfer to a bowl to cool. Refrigerate. Whisk all of the remaining ingredients in a small bowl, then stir in the syrup. Pour the mixture into a baking sheet and freeze until it hardens, about 3 to 4 hours. When ready to serve, scrape the surface with the tines of a fork to remove the granita in large flakes. Spoon into serving glasses or bowls and serve. <END>
INPUT: Asian, soup, ghee olive oil, onion, carrots, ginger, long piece lemongrass
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lemongrass-Ginger-Carrot Soup | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons ghee or olive oil; 1 1/2 cups diced onion; 1 1/2 pounds thinly sliced carrots; 2 tablespoons peeled and minced fresh ginger; One 2-inch-long piece lemongrass, pounded; 4 cups Chicken Bone Broth; Sea salt | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large saucepan over medium heat, heat the ghee or olive oil. Add the onion and sweat until translucent, about 8 minutes, stirring occasionally. Add the carrots, ginger, and lemongrass and stir to coat the vegetables with the ghee or oil. Reduce the heat to medium-low and cook for 10 minutes. Add the broth and increase the heat to medium. Bring the soup to a simmer and cook until the carrots are tender, about 15 minutes. Transfer the mixture to a blender and blend until smooth, blending in batches if necessary. Season with sea salt to taste and serve immediately. In a large saucepan over m <END>
INPUT: collard greens, bacon, sweet onions, low sodium chicken, Salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Quick-Braised Greens with Bacon and Sweet Onions | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 pounds collard greens, washed, trimmed, and roughly chopped; 4 ounces bacon, sliced crosswise into 1/2-inch pieces; 3/4 cup minced sweet onions; 1 1/2 cups low-sodium chicken broth; Salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring a large pot of heavily salted water to a boil. When water boils, add greens and cook until wilted and tender, about 5 minutes. Drain and set aside. Place bacon in a large frying pan and cook over medium-high heat, stirring occasionally, until browned and fat is rendered, about 3 minutes. Add onion and cook until softened, about 4 minutes. Add greens and turn to coat well. Add broth - it should cover greens and let cook until broth is reduced and greens are very tender, about 15 minutes. Season with salt and freshly ground black pepper and serve. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, vegetarian, virgin olive oil, onion, celery, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Vegetarian Chili with Black Beans and Peppers Sweet and Hot | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil; 1 cup fresh or frozen chopped onion (about 1 medium-large yellow onion); 1 large celery rib, trimmed and coarsely chopped; 1/2 (1-pound bag) frozen bell pepper stir-fry mix (red, green, and yellow peppers; do not thaw); 2 large garlic cloves, finely minced; 2 teaspoons ground cumin; 1 teaspoon dried oregano, crumbled; 3 cups cooked or canned black beans, drained; 2 (10-ounce) cans diced tomatoes with green chilies, with their liquid; 2 tablespoons frozen orange juice concentrate; 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice; 1/2 teaspoon hot red pepper sauce; 4 cups Al Dente Make Ahead Rice, reheat, see above recipe; 1/4 cup coarsely chopped fresh cilantro | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat oil in medium-size Dutch oven over moderate heat for 1 minute. Add onion, celery, stir-fry mix, garlic, cumin, and oregano and cook, stirring often, until vegetables are limp, about 5 minutes. Add 2 1/2 cups beans, tomatoes with chilies, orange juice concentrate, lemon juice, and hot pepper sauce. Bring to boiling, adjust heat so mixture bubbles easily, cover, and simmer 10 minutes. Mash remaining 1/2 cup beans, mix into chili, cover, and simmer slowly until flavors mellow, about 15 minutes. Taste for salt and adjust as needed. Mound rice in heated deep platter, spoon chili on top, sprink <END>
INPUT: stock, neck giblets, chicken broth, water, celery, carrot
OUTPUT: TITLE: Turkey Giblet Stock | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: the neck and giblets (excluding the liver) from 12- to 14-pound turkey; 5 cups chicken broth; 5 cups water; 1 rib of celery, chopped; 1 carrot, chopped; 1 onion, quarterd; 1 bay leaf; 1/2 teaspoon dried thyme, crumbled; 1 teaspoons black peppercorns | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large saucepan combine the neck and giblets, the broth, the water, the celery, the carrot, and the onion and bring the liquid to a boil, skimming the froth. Add the bay leaf, the thyme, and the peppercorns, cook the mixture at a bare simmer for 2 hours, or until the liquid is reduced to about 5 cups, and strain the stock through a fine sieve into a bowl. The stock may be made 2 days in advance, cooled, uncovered, and kept chilled or frozen in an airtight container. In a large saucepan combine the neck and giblets, the broth, the water, the celery, the carrot, and the onion and bring the l <END>
INPUT: soup, little, Kosher salt, water, beef bones
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken and Egg Soup with Little Veal Meatballs | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 (3 to 4-pound) whole chicken, cleaned and gutted; Kosher salt; 2 cloves; 4 quarts water; 2 pounds beef bones, preferably from the leg, cut into 1 1/2-inch thick pieces; 1 tablespoon canola oil; 2 carrots, peeled and cut into 1/2-inch rounds; 1 onion, peeled, halved and sliced 1/2-inch thick; Freshly cracked white pepper; 1 small bunch fresh thyme, washed and tied with string; 2 fresh bay leaves; 1/2 pound ground veal; 1 teaspoon kosher salt; 1 clove garlic, peeled and minced; 3 tablespoons grated Parmesan | INSTRUCTIONS: This recipe has many personal touches: The combination of beef and chicken in the base of the recipe is something I got from my mother, studding the chicken with a couple of cloves to add a special flavor from making chicken stock at Guy Savoy in Paris and most of all, the meatballs from my parents. This soup is a meal unto itself and tastes even better leftover. 2 stalks celery with leaves, inner pieces from the bunch peeled of outer skin, cut into 1/2-inch pieces Soup: Season the chicken with salt, to taste, and push the 2 cloves into 1 of the chicken thighs. Add it to a large stock pot, cov <END>
INPUT: strawberry, plain yogurt, mashed strawberries, fine sugar, heavy cream
OUTPUT: TITLE: Strawberry Yogurt Ice Cream | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups plain yogurt; 2 cups mashed strawberries; 1/2 cup extra-fine sugar; 1 cup chilled heavy cream | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine yogurt, strawberries and sugar. Set aside to marinate for 10 minutes. Meanwhile, in a cold bowl whip cream to firm peaks. Fold into yogurt mixture and transfer to ice cream freezer. Freeze according to manufacturer's instruc; <END>
INPUT: jambalaya, oil, pork, onions, water, sausage
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pork and Sausage Jambalaya | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup cooking oil; 2 pounds ground pork; 1 pound yellow onions, chopped; 4 cups water; 1 pound ground sausage; Pinch salt; Pinch black pepper; Pinch red pepper; Pinch garlic powder; Dash hot sauce; 1 pound long grain rice (recommended: Mahatma brand) | INSTRUCTIONS: In an 8-quart cast iron pot, heat oil on medium to high heat. Add pork and cook until water evaporates and pork is starting to brown. Remove excess oil leaving just a small amount in bottom of pot. Add onions to oil and cook on medium to high heat until the onions and pork have fully browned. Add water and sausage to pot and bring to a boil. Add salt, black pepper, red pepper, garlic powder and hot sauce, to taste. Boil on medium heat 10 to 15 minutes. Add rice and stir frequently to keep from sticking to pot. Stir for 7 to 8 minutes until rice has soaked up liquid. Put lid on pot and heat on  <END>
INPUT: Asian, whoopees, all purpose flour, salt, baking soda, cinnamon, cardamom
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spicy Ginger Whoopees | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 2 1/4 cups all-purpose flour; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 2 teaspoons baking soda; 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1/2 teaspoon ground cardamom; 1 teaspoon ground coriander; 1/4 teaspoon cloves; Pinch cayenne pepper; 1/2 cup vegetable shortening; 1/4 cup coconut shortening; 1/4 cup molasses; 1 cup brown sugar; 2 eggs; 1/4 cup pumpkin puree; 1 teaspoon freshly grated ginger | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. To make the cookies: In a medium mixing bowl whisk together flour, salt, baking soda, dry spices, and set aside. In a large mixing bowl, beat with a hand mixer, the vegetable shortening and the coconut shortening together until creamy. Add molasses and brown sugar and beat until smooth. Add the eggs 1 at a time, the pumpkin puree and ginger. Mix until well blended. Slowly stir in the flour with a rubber spatula scraping the sides until all ingredients are well incorporated. Roll the dough into 1-inch balls, flatten slightly with the back of a spoon and place on a <END>
INPUT: Mexican, mixed, berry, blueberries, raspberries, blackberries, powdered sugar, water
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mixed-Berry Tiramisù with Lime Curd | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 3 cups fresh blueberries (17 ounces); 1 cup fresh raspberries (41/2 to 5 ounces); 1 cup fresh blackberries (5 to 6 ounces); 1 cup powdered sugar; 1/2 cup water; 3 tablespoons fresh lime juice; 1 cup thinly sliced fresh strawberries; 1/3 cup water; 1/3 cup sugar; 3 1 1/2-inch-long strips lime peel (green part only; shaved with vegetable peeler); 1 7-ounce package crisp ladyfingers (savoiardi, Boudoirs, or Champagne biscuits; do not use soft ladyfingers)*; 2 1/2 8-ounce containers mascarpone cheese**; 1/2 cup chilled heavy whipping cream; Lime Curd | INSTRUCTIONS: For berries: Combine blueberries, raspberries, blackberries, powdered sugar, and 1/2 cup water in large saucepan. Bring to simmer, stirring until sugar dissolves. Reduce heat to medium and simmer until berries are soft but still intact, stirring occasionally, about 8 minutes. Transfer mixture to large bowl; stir in lime juice. Cool to room temperature. Stir strawberries into berry mixture. Chill until cold, about 4 hours. DO AHEAD: Can be made 1 day ahead. Cover and keep chilled. Combine blueberries, raspberries, blackberries, powdered sugar, and 1/2 cup water in large saucepan. Bring to simme <END>
INPUT: apples, osso bucco, all purpose flour, butter, shallots, Granny Smith
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pan Roasted Veal Shanks with Calvados, Apples and Cider Vinegar | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 8 osso bucco, veal shins, center cut, about 1 1/2 inches thick; 4 cups all-purpose flour, seasoned well with salt and pepper, for dredging the shanks; 5 tablespoons butter; 7 shallots, minced; 2 Granny Smith, Haralson, or other tart cooking apple, peeled, cored, halved and sliced; 2 cups natural apple cider; 1/2 cup calvados or applejack; 1/2 cup cider vinegar; 1 cup chicken stock; 1/2 cup heavy cream; 3 tablespoons minced tarragon; 1/2 cup dried Zante currants; Sea salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Dredge the shanks in the seasoned flour. Brown the shanks in the butter in a very large oven safe pan over high heat; this will take 12 to 15 minutes. Lower the heat and continue cooking for 5 minutes, turning frequently to cook evenly. DO NOT SCORCH. In the pan you have the shanks in, add the shallots and apples. When softened, add the cider, calvados and vinegar. Let it come to a low boil and reduce the liquid by 40 to 50 percent. Then add the chicken stock and bring it back up to a low boil. Place the pan in the oven for 90 m <END>
INPUT: biscotti, all purpose flour, wheat pastry flour, baking powder, salt, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Biscotti with Dried Cherries, Chocolate and Almonds | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/4 cups all-purpose flour; 1 1/4 cups whole-wheat pastry flour; 1 1/2 teaspoons baking powder; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/2 cup sugar; 2 large eggs; 1/4 cup olive oil; 1 teaspoon grated orange zest; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; 1/2 cup dried tart cherries, finely chopped; 1/2 cup almonds, finely chopped; 2 ounces semisweet chocolate, finely chopped (scant 1/2 cup) | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. In a medium bowl whisk together the all-purpose and whole-wheat flours, baking powder and salt. In a large bowl beat together the sugar, eggs, oil, orange zest and vanilla extract until well combined. In batches, add the dry ingredients until the mixture forms a dough. Stir in the cherries, almonds and chocolate. Transfer the dough to a floured work surface and knead several times. Shape into a log about 10 inches long and 3 inches wide. Transfer to a parchment-lined baking sheet and bake for 25 minutes. Transfer to a wire rack and let cool for 15 minutes. With a <END>
INPUT: Indian, berry, salad, wheat berries, canola oil, salt, lentils, basmati jasmine rice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Rice, Red Lentil, and Wheat Berry Salad | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 1/3 cup wheat berries; 1 teaspoon canola oil; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 3/4 cup red lentils, rinsed in a strainer; 3/4 cup basmati or jasmine rice, rinsed in a strainer; 1/4 cup lemon juice; 2 large garlic cloves, put through a press or minced; 1/4 teaspoon salt; Generous seasoning freshly ground pepper; 1/3 cup olive oil; 1 carrot, minced; 1 red bell pepper, very finely diced; 1/2 cup minced fresh parsley | INSTRUCTIONS: Soak the wheat berries overnight, or, as an alternative, place them in a saucepan half filled with water and boil them for 2 minutes, then remove them from the heat and let sit 1 hour. In either case, drain them, then refill the saucepan halfway with water and cook the wheat berries, partially covered, for 1 hour. When done, the wheat berries will be tender but slightly crunchy. Drain them thoroughly and let them cool. Bring 2 cups of water, the canola oil, and salt to a boil in a mediumsize saucepan. Stir in the lentils and rice and reduce the heat to low. Cover the pan and cook for 17 minute <END>
INPUT: greens, chicken legs thighs, Salt peper, carrot, celery, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Braised Chicken with Spicy Greens | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 chicken legs and thighs; Salt and freshly ground black peper; 1 carrot, peeled and diced; 1 celery stalk, diced; 1 onion, diced; 1 tablespoon butter; 1 tablespoon olive oil; Splash of brandy; 2 bay leaves, crumbled; 4 garlic cloves, chopped; A few black peppercorns; 3 cups chicken stock, heated; 1 tablespoon chopped Italian parsley; 1 onion, diced; 1 tablespoon olive oil | INSTRUCTIONS: To prepare the chicken: The day before serving, season the chicken legs well with salt and pepper. Refrigerate overnight. The next day, preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Saute the carrot, celery, and onion in the butter and oil. Caramelize lightly, then deglaze the pan with the brandy. Transfer to the bottom of the an ovenproof pan that will just hold the chicken legs. Arrange the legs skin side up. Add the bay leaves, garlic, peppercorns, and chicken stock. The bottom half of themeat should be immersed in the liquid, but the skin should be exposed. Braise on the top rack of the oven, checkin <END>
INPUT: place, cards, sugar cookie dough, champagne extract, powdered sugar, Food coloring, Edible silver candies
OUTPUT: TITLE: Wedding Cake Place Cards | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 package sugar cookie dough; 1 bottle champagne extract; 2 cups powdered sugar; Food coloring; Edible silver candies; Water; 2 bunches grapes, cut into 10 small bunches; 4 egg whites, lightly beaten*; 2 cups sugar; Cellophane bags; Silver ribbon; Cookie cutter in wedding cake shape | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Combine dough with a few drops of extract and 1/4 cup of the powdered sugar. On a floured cutting board, roll out dough to 1/4-inch thick. Using cookie cutter cut out shape of wedding cake and place on ungreased cookie sheet. Bake cookies for 12 to14 minutes, until golden brown. Let cool. In a small bowl, combine remaining powdered sugar with a little water. Whisk until combined. Consistency can be adjusted with more water or sugar. Using food coloring, create white icing and green icing. Transfer each to a separate piping bag with fine tip; create an outline of  <END>
INPUT: American, olive oil, soy sauce, scallions, garlic, lime juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Skirt Steak | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup olive oil; 1/3 cup soy sauce; 4 scallions, washed and cut in 1/2; 2 large cloves garlic; 1/4 cup lime juice; 1/2 teaspoon red pepper flakes; 1/2 teaspoon ground cumin; 3 tablespoons dark brown sugar or Mexican brown sugar; 2 pounds inside skirt steak, cut into 3 equal pieces; Special equipment: blow dryer | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Heat charcoal, preferably natural chunk, until grey ash appears. In a blender, put in oil, soy sauce, scallions, garlic, lime juice, red pepper, cumin, and sugar and puree. In a large heavy duty, zip top bag, put pieces of skirt steak and pour in marinade. Seal bag, removing as much air as possible. Allow steak to marinate for 1 hour in refrigerator. Remove steak from bag and pat dry with paper towels. Using a blow dryer, blow charcoal clean of ash. Once clean of ash lay steaks directly onto hot coals for 1 minute per side. When finished cooking, place meat in do <END>
INPUT: ganache, tart, unbleached all purpose, powdered sugar, egg yolks, lemon juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate Ganache and Raspberry Tart | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cups unbleached all purpose flour; 10 tablespoons (1 1/4 sticks) chilled unsalted butter, cut into 1/2-inch cubes; 3 tablespoons powdered sugar; 2 large egg yolks; 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice; 1 tablespoon plus 1 1/2 teaspoons water; 1/2 cup heavy whipping cream; 6 ounces bittersweet or semisweet chocolate, chopped; 1 1/2 teaspoons Kahlú a, other coffee flavored liqueur, or strong coffee; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; 4 cups fresh raspberries (three 6-ounce containers); 3 tablespoons seedless raspberry jam | INSTRUCTIONS: Using on/off turns, mix flour, butter, and sugar in processor until coarse meal forms. Mix egg yolks, lemon juice, and 1 tablespoon water in small bowl. Add to processor; mix until moist clumps form. Gather dough into ball; flatten into disk. Wrap in plastic. Chill 30 minutes. DO AHEAD: Dough can be made 2 days ahead. Keep chilled. Preheat oven to 375°F. Butter 9-inch diameter tart pan with removable bottom. Roll out dough on lightly floured work surface to 12-inch round. Fit dough into pan; trim overhang. Freeze 20 minutes. Bake crust until golden, 25 minutes; cool. Meanwhile, bring cream jus <END>
INPUT: pies, pork, onion, garlic, savory, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pork Pies | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound lean ground pork; 1 medium onion, finely chopped (3/4 cup); 1 garlic clove, minced; 1/2 teaspoon dried savory, crumbled; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/4 teaspoon ground allspice; 1/4 teaspoon black pepper; 3 tablespoons all-purpose flour; 1 1/2 cups all-purpose flour; 1 1/2 teaspoons baking powder; 1 teaspoon salt; 3 tablespoons cold vegetable shortening; 2 tablespoons cold unsalted butter, cut into 1/2-inch cubes; 1/2 cup whole milk; Special equipment: a 3-inch round cookie cutter; a 1 1/4- to 1 1/2-inch leaf-shaped cookie cutter (preferably maple*); 2 mini-muffin pans, each with 1 | INSTRUCTIONS: Make filling: Cook pork with onion, garlic, savory, salt, allspice, and pepper in a 12-inch nonstick skillet over moderate heat, stirring frequently and breaking up lumps with a fork, until pork is no longer pink, 5 to 7 minutes. Sprinkle with flour and cook, stirring, until thickened, 3 to 4 minutes. Cool filling completely. Cook pork with onion, garlic, savory, salt, allspice, and pepper in a 12-inch nonstick skillet over moderate heat, stirring frequently and breaking up lumps with a fork, until pork is no longer pink, 5 to 7 minutes. Sprinkle with flour and cook, stirring, until thickened, <END>
INPUT: American, crunchy, warm, garlic, shallots, light sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Crunchy Green Salad with Goat Cheese and Warm Bacon Vinaigrette | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound (about 12) red-skinned boiling potatoes; 3 cups (about 1 pound) diced slab bacon; 2 tablespoons minced garlic; 1/2 cup chopped shallots; 6 tablespoons packed light brown sugar; 6 tablespoons balsamic vinegar; 1/2 cup extra virgin olive oil; 6 tablespoons freshly squeezed orange juice; 1/2 head frisee (curly endive), well washed and torn into pieces; 4 cups mixed salad greens (mesclun), or a mixture of at least 3 lettuces such as red leaf, Romaine, endive, radicchio, arugula, frisee, watercress or ; 4 teaspoons chopped chives; 2 plum tomatoes, seeded and diced; 1/2 English cucumber, peeled, halved lengthwise, sliced into half-moons; 2 celery ribs, sliced 1/4 inch thick; 6 ounces fresh, mild goat cheese, crumbled | INSTRUCTIONS: Put potatoes in a saucepan and cover with cold water. Cover the pan and bring to a boil over high heat. Uncover and boil until the potatoes are tender, between 12 to 15 minutes. While the potatoes are cooking, make the dressing. In a skillet, saute the bacon over a medium-high heat until most of the fat has been rendered and the bacon is golden and beginning to crisp, about 5 minutes. Turn off the heat and pour off the fat into a glass-measuring cup. Remove the bacon from the pan and let drain on paper towels. In the skillet, with its thin coat of bacon fat, add the garlic and shallots and coo <END>
INPUT: roulade, unsalted butter, all purpose flour, milk, nutmeg, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cheddar Grits and Bacon Roulade | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons unsalted butter; 3 tablespoons all-purpose flour plus additional for dusting; 1 cup whole milk; 1/8 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/2 teaspoon black pepper; 4 large egg yolks; 2 cups cold water; 1/2 cup quick-cooking grits (not instant); 4 1/2 oz coarsely grated extra-sharp Cheddar (1 3/4 cups); 6 large egg whites; 8 bacon slices (7 oz), cooked until crisp, then drained and crumbled (1 cup); 1/3 cup finely chopped scallion; Special equipment: a 15- by 10-inch shallow baking pan; parchment paper | INSTRUCTIONS: Put oven rack in middle position and preheat oven to 350°F. Butter baking pan and line with parchment paper, then butter paper. Dust pan with flour, knocking out excess. Melt butter (3 tablespoons) in a 1- to 1 1/2-quart heavy saucepan over moderately low heat, then add flour and cook roux, whisking, 3 minutes. Add milk in a slow stream, whisking, then add nutmeg, 1/4 teaspoon salt, and 1/4 teaspoon pepper. Increase heat to moderate and bring to a boil, whisking constantly, then reduce heat and simmer mixture, whisking occasionally, 5 minutes. Remove from heat and add egg yolks 1 at a time, wh <END>
INPUT: french, soup, butter, onion, thyme, Salt pepper, porcini mushrooms
OUTPUT: TITLE: French Onion Soup with Porcini | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 stick butter; 4 large onion, very thinly sliced; 1 teaspoon ground thyme; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1-ounce dried porcini mushrooms; 1/4 to 1/3 cup dry sherry; 1 cup white wine; 1 small bundle made with fresh flat-leaf parsley, a few sprigs fresh sage and fresh bay leaves; 2 quarts beef stock; 8 (1/2-inch) thick slices baguette; 1 large clove garlic, peeled and halved; 1 1/2 cups grated Gruyere; 1/2 cup grated Parmigiano-Reggiano | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Heat a large Dutch oven over medium heat. Add 6 tablespoons of the butter and let it melt. Stir in the onions and the thyme and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Cook, stirring occasionally, until the onions caramelize, about 40 to 45 minutes. Meanwhile, put the mushrooms in a small pot and cover with a couple of cups of water. Bring to a boil over high heat, then reduce the heat to low and simmer to reconstitute the mushrooms. Add the sherry to the pot with the onions, to deglaze the pan, then stir in the wine. Remove the mushrooms from their broth with a s <END>
INPUT: Mexican, tailgate, sandwiches, virgin olive oil, julienned onion, jalapeno pepper, julienned roasted bell, rotisserie chicken
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken-Tequila Tailgate Sandwiches | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 1 cup julienned red onion; 1 tablespoon minced jalapeno pepper; 1/2 cup julienned roasted red bell pepper; 1 rotisserie chicken, skin removed and meat shredded; Sea salt and freshly ground pepper; 1 tablespoon chopped garlic; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro, plus more for topping; 4 ounces cream cheese; 1/4 cup grated parmesan cheese, plus more for topping; 1 1/4 cups grated mozzarella cheese; 1/4 cup fresh lime juice; 3 ounces tequila; 1/4 cup diced Roma tomatoes, for topping; 4 sourdough rolls, warmed | INSTRUCTIONS: Layer two 15-inch sheets of heavy-duty foil and fold them together around the edges to create one sheet. Repeat to make a second double-layered sheet of foil. Bend the edges of one of the sheets up 2 inches and crimp the corners so it can hold liquid. In order, layer these ingredients on the bent sheet of foil: olive oil, onion, jalapeno, bell pepper, chicken, 1/4 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon pepper, the garlic, cilantro, cheeses, lime juice and tequila. Place the second double-layered foil sheet on top of the ingredients and fold the top and bottom sheets together on all sides. Make sure the pac <END>
INPUT: sauce, Roma tomatoes, olive oil, kosher salt, pepper, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tomato Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 20 Roma tomatoes, halved and seeded; 1/4 cup olive oil; 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt; 1 teaspoon pepper; 1 cup finely diced onion; 2 teaspoons minced garlic; 1 tablespoon finely chopped oregano leaves; 1 tablespoon finely chopped thyme leaves; 1 cup white wine | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat oven to 325 degrees F. In 2 (13 by 9-inch) pans place tomato halves cut side up. Sprinkle with oil, salt and pepper, onion, garlic, and herbs. Bake tomatoes for 2 hours. Check the tomatoes after 1 hour and turn down the heat if they seem to be cooking too quickly. Then turn the oven to 400 degrees and bake another 30 minutes. Remove from the oven and process tomatoes through a food mill on medium dye setting over a small saucepan. Discard skins. Add white wine, bring to a boil, reduce heat to low and cook for 5 minutes. <END>
INPUT: salad, long grain wild, kosher salt, virgin olive oil, corn kernels, shelled edamame
OUTPUT: TITLE: Wild Rice Salad with Edamame | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup long-grain wild rice; 2 teaspoons kosher salt; 1 teaspoon extra-virgin olive oil; 1/2 cup fresh corn kernels; 1/2 cup cooked shelled edamame; 1/2 cup green peas, defrosted from frozen, or fresh; 1/2 cup canned chickpeas, drained; 1/4 cup diced red onion; 1 clove garlic, minced; 1/2 shallot, minced; 1/4 cup champagne vinegar; 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard; 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 2 tablespoons honey; 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt, plus more for seasoning | INSTRUCTIONS: For the salad: Place the wild rice in a medium saucepan with 4 cups water and the kosher salt. Simmer uncovered until tender, about 50 minutes. Drain well, return to the saucepan and cover for 10 minutes. While the rice is cooking, heat the oil in a medium saute pan over medium-high heat. Add the corn kernels and saute until charred, about 5 to 8 minutes. Set aside to cool. For the vinaigrette: Whisk together the garlic, shallot, vinegar, mustard, lemon juice, honey, salt, and pepper in a medium bowl. While continuously whisking, slowly stream in the oil until the dressing is emulsified. To se <END>
INPUT: Mexican, rotisserie, tacos, olive oil, Salt pepper, leg lamb, Apricot Chipotle Baste, goat cheese
OUTPUT: TITLE: Rotisserie Lamb Tacos with Apricot-Chipotle Baste | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup olive oil; Salt and freshly ground pepper; 1 boneless leg of lamb, about 7 pounds; Apricot-Chipotle Baste, recipe follows; 1 pound goat cheese, crumbled; 1/2 pound shredded romaine lettuce; Salsa Cruda, recipe follows; 16 (6-inch) flour tortillas; charred corn guacamole, recipe follows; 2 tablespoons canola oil; 1 large red onion, coarsely chopped; 3 cloves garlic, coarsely chopped; 4 cups red wine vinegar; 3 cups sugar; 1/2 pound dried apricots, soaked for 1/2 hour in warm water and chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat grill to medium-high. Brush the leg of lamb with oil, season with salt and pepper and place directly on the grill to brown on all sides, about 5 minutes each side. Remove leg and attach to rotisserie rod. Let the lamb cook on the rotisserie for 1 1/4 to 1 1/2 hours or until just cooked to medium-rare doneness. During the last 20 minutes of grilling, begin basting with the glaze. Remove the lamb from the grill and baste again with the glaze and let rest for 20 minutes. Slice the lamb across the grain into 1/4-inch thick slices. Serve folded in warm tortillas with shredded romaine, goat' <END>
INPUT: mousse, tart, graham cracker crumbs, sugar, cinnamon, half half
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pumpkin Banana Mousse Tart | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups graham cracker crumbs (14 crackers); 1/3 cup sugar; 1/4 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1/4 pound (1 stick) unsalted butter, melted; 1/2 cup half-and-half; 1 15-ounce can pumpkin puree; 1 cup light brown sugar, lightly packed; 3/4 teaspoon kosher salt; 1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1/4 teaspoon ground nutmeg; 3 extra-large egg yolks; 1 package (2 teaspoons) unflavored gelatin; 1 ripe banana, finely mashed; 1/2 teaspoon grated orange zest; 1/2 cup cold heavy cream | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350. Combine the graham cracker crumbs, sugar, cinnamon and melted butter in a bowl and mix well. Pour into an 11-inch tart pan with a removable bottom and press evenly into the sides and then the bottom. Bake for 10 minutes and then cool to room temperature. For the filling, heat the half-and-half, pumpkin, brown sugar, salt, cinnamon and nutmeg in a heatproof bowl set over a pan of simmering water until hot, about 5 minutes. Whisk the egg yolks in another bowl, stir some of the hot pumpkin into the egg yolks to heat them, then pour the egg-pumpkin mixture back into the do <END>
INPUT: wilted, sweet potatoes, Salt, pepper, canola oil, onions
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Sweet Potatoes and Wilted Spinach | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 pounds sweet potatoes, peeled and quartered; Salt; Freshly ground black pepper; 1/2 cup canola oil; 2 large red onions, finely chopped; 1/4 cup honey; 1/2 cup butter; 1 bag baby spinach (between 10 ounces and 16 ounces), soaked, well-rinsed and dried | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat an oven to 350 degrees F. In a mixing bowl, season potatoes with salt and pepper and toss with oil to coat. Place on a baking sheet and roast in the oven for 20 minutes. Remove briefly from oven and toss in onions, and return to oven to roast until potatoes are tender, approximately another 20 minutes. Transfer roasted potato mixture to a bowl. Drizzle honey over potatoes, add butter, mixing well, and then gently toss in spinach. The heat from the potatoes will wilt the spinach. <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, Scant tahini paste, Greek yogurt, lemon juice, garlic, Scant honey
OUTPUT: TITLE: Honey-Roasted Carrots with Tahini Yogurt | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: Scant 3 tablespoons/40 g tahini paste; 2/3 cup/130 g Greek yogurt; 2 tablespoon lemon juice; 1 clove garlic, crushed salt; Scant 3 tablespoons/60 g honey; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1 tablespoon coriander seeds, toasted and lightly crushed; 1 1/2 teaspoon cumin seeds, toasted and lightly crushed; 3 thyme sprigs; Salt and black pepper; 12 large carrots, peeled and each cut crosswise into two 2 1/2-inch/6-cm batons (3 pounds/1.3 kg); 1 1/2 tablespoons cilantro leaves, coarsely chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 425°F/220°C. Place all the ingredients for the tahini sauce in a bowl with a pinch of salt. Whisk together and set aside. Place the honey, oil, coriander and cumin seeds, and thyme in a large bowl with 1 teaspoon salt and a good grind of black pepper. Add the carrots and mix well until coated, then spread them out on a large baking sheet and roast in the oven for 40 minutes, stirring gently once or twice, until cooked through and glazed. Transfer the carrots to a large serving platter or individual plates. Serve warm or at room temperature, with a spoonful of sauce on top,  <END>
INPUT: chilled, broth, onions, olive oil, sugar snap peas, sugar, water
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chilled Pea Broth with Lemon Cream | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 medium onions, chopped; 3 tablespoons olive oil; 2 lb sugar snap peas, cut crosswise into 1/2-inch pieces; 1 teaspoon sugar; 6 cups plus 2 1/2 tablespoons water; 2 teaspoons salt, or to taste; 3 tablespoons sour cream; 1 teaspoon finely grated fresh lemon zest; Garnish: pea sprouts | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook onions in oil in a wide 6-quart heavy pot over moderately low heat, stirring occasionally, until softened, 5 to 7 minutes. Add sugar snaps and cook, stirring occasionally, until crisp-tender and bright green, 6 to 8 minutes. Add sugar and cook, stirring, 1 minute. Purée pea mixture with 6 cups water in a blender in 6 batches until very smooth, about 30 seconds per batch, then pour through a very fine sieve, discarding solids (do not press on solids). Stir in salt and chill broth, covered, until very cold, about 8 hours. (Do not chill longer or soup will discolor.) Whisk together sour crea <END>
INPUT: cranberry, bacon, wine, pearl onions, peppercorns
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pheasant with Cranberry Honey | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup raw bacon, chopped (about 1/2 pound or 6 to 8 slices); 3 (2 to 3 pound) pheasant, separated into legs, breasts, and thighs; 1 cup dry red wine; 1 pound pearl onions, blanched for 2 minutes in boiling water and skins slipped off; 1 teaspoon cracked peppercorns; 2 bay leaves; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh tarragon leaves; Salt, to taste (about 1 teaspoon); 1 tablespoon chopped fresh mint leaves; 1/4 cup honey; 1/4 cup sour cream; 6 small sprigs fresh mint, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Render bacon in a Dutch oven over medium heat. Add pheasant parts and sear on all sides, then add red wine and onions. Sprinkle cracked pepper, bay leaves, tarragon, salt and mint over pheasant parts. Reduce heat to low and cover pot. Cook until tender and juices run clear (no longer pink), about 25 minutes. Remove pheasant carefully to a utility platter, cover and set aside to keep warm. Transfer liquids from pot to a heat resistant glass container (such as a 2 or 3 cup measuring vessel) and allow the layer of fat to rise to the top. Spoon or pour off most of the fat and return the rest of th <END>
INPUT: zesty, herb, sour cream, milk, lemon juice, lemon zest, mint
OUTPUT: TITLE: Crinkle-Cut Carrots with Zesty Herb Dip | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup sour cream; 2 tablespoons milk; 1 tablespoon lemon juice; 2 teaspoons lemon zest; 2 teaspoons chopped fresh mint; 2 teaspoons chopped fresh parsley; 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt; 1/4 teaspoon granulated garlic powder; 1/4 teaspoon onion powder; 2 pounds large carrots, cut into coins with a crinkle cutter knife | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Special equipment: crinkle cutter knife In a medium bowl, whisk to combine the sour cream, milk, lemon juice, lemon zest, mint, parsley, salt, garlic powder and onion powder. Serve the dip with the crinkle-cut carrots. <END>
INPUT: French, quiche, Homemade Pie Dough, roasted asparagus, jarred cherry peppers, sauteed onions, crumbled bacon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Asparagus, Cherry Pepper and Bacon Quiche | CUISINE: French | INGREDIENTS: Store-bought or Homemade Pie Dough, recipe follows; 1/3 cup chopped roasted asparagus; 1/3 cup roughly chopped jarred cherry peppers; 1/3 cup sauteed sliced onions; 1/2 cup crumbled cooked bacon; 3/4 to 1 cup shredded jarlsberg cheese; 3 large eggs; 1 1/4 cups heavy cream, half-and-half or milk; Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper; 1/2 teaspoon paprika or chile powder, or some grated lemon zest (optional); 1 3/4 cups all-purpose flour, plus more for dusting; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 2 tablespoons sugar; 12 tablespoons (1 1/2 sticks) unsalted butter, diced and chilled; 4 teaspoons apple cider vinegar or white vinegar | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Line a 9-inch pie plate with pie dough and crimp as desired; chill 30 minutes. Line with foil, then fill with pie weights or dried beans. Bake until the crust is set, about 20 minutes. Remove the foil and weights and continue baking until lightly golden, 5 to 10 more minutes. Let cool while you prepare the filling. Make the filling: Put the asparagus, cherry peppers and onions in a large bowl. Add the bacon and jarlsberg and toss to combine. Whisk the eggs, heavy cream, 1/2 teaspoon salt and 1/4 teaspoon pepper in a large bowl. Stir in the paprika, chile powd <END>
INPUT: American, decorated, Pie Dough, pumpkin puree, cream cheese, molasses, granulated sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Decorated Pumpkin Pie | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 recipe Pie Dough, recipe follows; 2 cups canned pumpkin puree (not pumpkin pie filling!!!); 2 tablespoons cream cheese, softened; 2 tablespoons molasses; 1/2 cup granulated sugar; 1/4 cup lightly packed light brown sugar; 1 1/2 teaspoons ground cinnamon; 1 teaspoon ground nutmeg; 1 teaspoon ground ginger; 1/2 teaspoon ground cloves; 3 extra-large eggs, lightly beaten, plus 1 egg beaten with water for egg wash; 1 1/2 cups half-and-half; Turbinado sugar, for sprinkling, optional; 2 1/4 cups all-purpose flour; Pinch of kosher salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat oven to 425 degrees Fahrenheit. Roll out 1/2 pie dough recipe on a lightly floured surface and fit into a 9 inch pie pan. Trim any uneven overhang then crimp the edge around the pie. In a big bowl, whisk the pumpkin, cream cheese, and molasses until smooth. Whisk in the sugars and spices. Whisk in the eggs and half-and-half until well blended. Pour the filling into the pie shell and bake for 10 minutes. Lower the oven temperature to 350 degrees Fahrenheit and bake an additional 35-40 minutes, until the pie is still very jiggly in the center. Remove from o <END>
INPUT: Asian, sauce, mangoes, sugar, crystallized ginger, lime juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mango-Ginger Sauce | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 2 3/4 cups finely chopped peeled pitted mangoes (about 2 mangoes); 2 tablespoons sugar; 1/4 cup chopped crystallized ginger; 2 teaspoons fresh lime juice | INSTRUCTIONS: Place 1 cup chopped mangoes in medium bowl. Combine remaining 1 3/4 cups chopped mangoes and sugar in processor. Puree until smooth. Add to bowl with chopped mangoes. Stir in crystallized ginger and lime juice. Let stand at least 30 minutes. (Can be prepared 1 day ahead. Cover and refrigerate.) Place 1 cup chopped mangoes in medium bowl. Combine remaining 1 3/4 cups chopped mangoes and sugar in processor. Puree until smooth. Add to bowl with chopped mangoes. Stir in crystallized ginger and lime juice. Let stand at least 30 minutes. (Can be prepared 1 day ahead. Cover and refrigerate.) <END>
INPUT: fondue, heavy cream, premium semisweet chocolate, cake, Assorted fruit
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate Fondue | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 tablespoons heavy cream; 7 ounces premium semisweet chocolate, chopped; 1 pound cake, cut into bite-size pieces; Assorted fresh fruit, strawberries, sliced banana, pineapple chunks, orange segments and sliced pears | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring cream to a simmer in heavy medium saucepan. Add chocolate; whisk until melted. Remove from heat. Pour fondue into a bowl; place bowl on a platter. Ring platter with pound cake and fruit. Serve fondue with skewers. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, crusted, oven, halibut, macadamia nuts, cayenne pepper, Salt pepper, eggs
OUTPUT: TITLE: Macadamia Crusted Halibut Oven Roasted Asparagus Spicy Mango Salsa, Ponzu Sauce, Coconut Sticky Rice | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2 pounds halibut, cut into 4 (8 ounce) portions; 2 cups macadamia nuts, roughly chopped in a food processor; 1 pinch cayenne pepper; Salt and black pepper, to taste; 2 large eggs, whites only; 4 tablespoons canola oil; Rice, recipe follows; Salsa, recipe follows; Ponzu Sauce, recipe follows; Asparagus, recipe follows; Garlic Chips, recipe follows; 2 cup glutinous rice (soaked 24 hours in refrigerator); 1/2 cup unsweetened coconut flakes; 1 cup coconut milk; Salt and black pepper, to taste | INSTRUCTIONS: Lay the 4 pieces of halibut on a clean work surface. Season each piece with the salt, pepper, and cayenne. Using a brush, quickly spread a thin layer of the egg whites on top of the fish and then sprinkle over the chopped macadamia nuts. Press the nuts into the fish to secure. Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Heat a large saute pan coated with the oil to medium heat. Place 2 pieces (or 4 if the pan is big enough) of the fish, macadamia side-down, in the pan and sear for 3 to 4 minutes, until the macadamias are golden brown. Flip the fish and cook for another 3 minutes. Repeat the process wit <END>
INPUT: martini, orange juice, pineapple juice, ouzo, vodka, lime juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Ouzo Martini # 2 | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 ounces orange juice; 4 ounces pineapple juice; 2 ounces ouzo; 2 ounces vodka; 1 teaspoon fresh lime juice; 2 lime slices, for garnish; Ice | INSTRUCTIONS: In a martini shaker, combine all ingredients with 1/2 cup of ice. Shake and strain into 2 chilled martini glasses. Garnish each glass with a slice of lime. <END>
INPUT: vegetable oil, onions, kosher salt, pepper, smoked paprika
OUTPUT: TITLE: Stuffed Celery Stalks | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon vegetable oil; 2 large yellow onions, thinly sliced into rings; Pinch kosher salt; Freshly ground black pepper; 1 teaspoon smoked paprika; 1 cup cream cheese, softened; 1 (8-ounce) package cream cheese, softened; 3/4 cup blue cheese, preferably Roquefort, crumbled; Dash heavy cream, as needed; Dash Worcestershire sauce; 2 tablespoons minced fresh chives; Pinch kosher salt; Freshly ground black peppercorns; 1/2 cup pistachio nuts; 8 celery stalks, leaves attached | INSTRUCTIONS: To make the onion spread: Drizzle the vegetable oil into a wide pan over high heat. Once hot, add the onion rings and saute for about 2 to 3 minutes. Then, reduce the heat to low, and cook slowly for 30 minutes, stirring occasionally. When the rings are nice, soft and a medium-golden brown color, pull them off the heat. Season with the kosher salt, black pepper and smoked paprika. Put the softened and malleable cream cheese into a bowl. Incorporate the caramelized onions and stir with a spatula to combine. The heat of the onions will help melt the cheese. The leftovers can be saved, refrigerat <END>
INPUT: blueberry, loaves, vegetable oil, all purpose flour, baking powder, sugar, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Blueberry-Poppy Seed Loaves | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/3 cups vegetable oil, plus more for brushing; 3 cups all-purpose flour; 1 1/2 teaspoons baking powder; 2 1/2 cups sugar; Pinch of salt; 1 1/2 cups whole milk; 3 large eggs; 1 1/2 tablespoons poppy seeds; 1 1/2 teaspoons almond extract; 1 1/2 teaspoons vanilla extract; 1 cup blueberries | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Brush 4 mini loaf pans (about 5 by 3 inches each) with vegetable oil. Whisk the flour, baking powder, sugar and salt in a large bowl. Beat the milk, 1 1/3 cups vegetable oil, the eggs, poppy seeds, and almond and vanilla extracts in a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment on medium speed until combined. Gradually beat in the flour mixture until well combined. Fold the blueberries into the batter with a rubber spatula. Divide the batter among the prepared pans and bake until golden on top and a toothpick inserted into the center comes out clean, 1 hour <END>
INPUT: glaze, New Mexico chile, boiling water, honey, chile powder, cumin
OUTPUT: TITLE: Red Chile Glaze | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 12 dried New Mexico red chile pods; 3 cups boiling water; 2 cups honey; 2 tablespoons red chile powder; 2 tablespoons cumin | INSTRUCTIONS: Deseed the chiles, and place in a bowl. Reconstitute them by pouring on 3 cups boiling water and allowing them to soak about 5 minutes. Drain the chiles and reserve 1-cup of the liquid. Process the chiles with the reserved water in a blender or food processor until fine. Strain and transfer pulp into a mixing bowl. Add the honey, chile powder, and cumin and mix well. Refrigerate for 1 hour to blend flavors. This glaze is excellent on grilled fish, roasted or grilled chicken, or roast pork. <END>
INPUT: butterflied trout, Salt pepper, Flour, Olive oil, butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Butterflied Trout in Lemon Caper Butter | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 butterflied whole trout; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; Flour, for dredging; Olive oil, for sauteeing; 2 tablespoons butter, plus 1 tablespoon; 2 lemons, supremed and cut into 1/2-inch pieces; 1 tablespoon capers; Toasted Croutons, recipe follows; 1/4 cup dry white wine; 1 teaspoon lemon juice; 1/4 cup chopped parsley leaves; 3 tablespoons olive oil; 4 (1/2-inch thick) slices white bread, crusts removed and cut into 1/4-inch cubes; Salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Lay out the trout so the skin side is down. Open the flesh like a book. With a sharp knife, carefully cut out the backbone, making sure to keep the fillets attached at the head and the tail. Season both sides of the trout with salt and pepper. Lightly dredge both sides of the trout with flour, shaking off any excess. Heat a large saute pan over high heat. When the pan is hot, add enough olive oil to lightly coat the bottom of the pan. Heat the oil until it shimmers when swirled. Carefully add the trout, flesh-side down, starting at the tail and laying away from you towards the head. You may ne <END>
INPUT: salad, Vegetable oil, baby potatoes, virgin olive oil, Kosher salt pepper, oranges
OUTPUT: TITLE: Potato, Orange and Arugula Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Vegetable oil cooking spray; 1 1/2 pounds baby potatoes, halved; 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 medium oranges; 2 packed cups (2 ounces) arugula; 1/2 cup (2 ounces) crumbled Gorgonzola; 1/3 cup toasted chopped walnuts, see Cook's Note; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1 tablespoon fresh orange juice; 1 tablespoon champagne vinegar; 1 tablespoon orange zest (from 1 medium orange); Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Potatoes: Put an oven rack in the upper third of the oven. Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Spray a heavy baking sheet with vegetable oil cooking spray. Put the potatoes and the olive oil in a medium bowl and toss until coated. Arrange the potatoes, cut side down, in a single layer on the prepared baking sheet and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Roast until golden, about 35 to 40 minutes Remove the potatoes from the oven and set aside to cool for 15 minutes. Salad: Peel and trim the ends from each orange. Using a paring knife, cut along the membrane on both sides of each segment. Free <END>
INPUT: minute, stoup, virgin olive oil, garlic, pepper flakes, onion, carrots
OUTPUT: TITLE: My Mom's Tomato and Bean 15 Minute Stoup | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, 2 turns of the pan; 3 cloves garlic, chopped; 1/2 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes; 1 medium onion, chopped; 2 carrots, peeled and thinly sliced; 2 ribs celery, chopped; 1 small zucchini, sliced; 2 cups vegetable or chicken stock; 1 (15-ounce) can diced tomato; 1 (15-ounce) can tomato sauce; 1 (15-ounce) can small white beans or cannellini beans; 1 (10 ounces) box, cut frozen green beans; Salt and pepper; 1 cup fresh basil, torn or shredded; Grated Parmigiano or Romano, to pass at table | INSTRUCTIONS: Add extra-virgin olive oil to the pot, 2 turns of the pan. Add garlic and crushed red pepper flakes, stir then stir in the onions, carrots, celery and zucchini. Cook 10 minutes, then add in the stock, tomatoes and beans. Bring soup up to a bubble and season with salt and pepper, to your taste. Simmer 5 minutes. Turn off the heat and wilt the basil into the soup. Ladle up the soup and serve with grated cheese and bread. <END>
INPUT: salad, baguettes, sherry vinegar, rounded spicy mustard, Worcestershire sauce, virgin olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Mushroom Salad Subs | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 baguettes, halved across, split and some of the soft insides removed; 4 tablespoons sherry vinegar; 2 rounded tablespoons spicy mustard; 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce; 1/2 cup extra-virgin olive oil, eyeball it; 6 cloves garlic, finely chopped; 8 portobello mushroom caps, stems removed and wiped clean with damp cloth; Coarse salt and coarse black pepper; 1/4 cup finely chopped parsley, a generous handful; 6 cups, a package, deveined triple washed spinach, coarsely chopped; 3/4 pound manchego cheese (common Spanish sharp table cheese, available in the specialty cheese case) thinly sliced or sharp cheddar may be substitute; 4 piquillo peppers, pimientos or roasted red peppers, patted dry and cut into strips | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat a grill pan to medium high heat or prepare outdoor grill. Turn the oven on moderate heat. Place the hollowed bread in oven to crisp, 5 minutes. In a small bowl, whisk together sherry vinegar, mustard, Worcestershire sauce, extra-virgin olive oil and garlic. Place mushrooms in a shallow dish and pour marinade over the caps. Turn caps in marinade and season with salt and pepper. Let stand 10 minutes. Prep your parsley and spinach. Grill mushrooms 4 to 5 minutes on each side and remove to a cutting board a few at a time. Thinly slice the mushrooms and transf <END>
INPUT: pasteles, cranberry, anato seed oil, onion, pepper, garlic, tomato juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Turkey Pasteles with Cranberry Escabeche | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/8 cup anato seed oil; 1 large onion, diced; 1 red pepper, diced; 4 cloves garlic, minced; 1/2 cup tomato juice; 1/2 cup cilantro, chopped; 1/4 cup pitted green olives; 1/4 pound cooked and pulled turkey; 1/4 cup dried cranberries; Masa:; 2 yautia, peeled; 5 green plantains, peeled; 1/2 of 1 yuka, peeled; 1/2 of 1 small pumpkin, peeled; 3 tablespoons anato seed oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Filling: Start by heating Anato seed oil in pan, cook onions and red peppers until soft and translucent. Add minced garlic. Once cooked, pour in tomato juice. Add chopped cilantro, green olives, and pulled turkey meat. Simmer on very low heat for 20 min. Turn off the heat and let your filling cool completely. Save dried cranberries for the assembly. Masa: Using the micro-grater attachment of a box grater, grate the Yautia, Green Plantains, Yuka and Pumpkin into a large mixing bowl. The consistency should be that of a loose dough or grits. Add your salt and anato oil, and mix well. Cranberry Sa <END>
INPUT: herb, dressing, garlic, Kosher salt, pepper, virgin olive oil, thyme
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Chicken with Garlic-Herb Dressing and Grilled Lemon | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 heads garlic, cut in 1/2 horizontally; Kosher salt; Freshly ground black pepper; Extra-virgin olive oil; 2 whole fresh thyme sprigs, plus leaves from 6 sprigs; 2 lemons, juiced, plus 2 lemons, halved; About 1 bunch flat-leaf parsley, leaves chopped; 1 (4 to 4 1/2-pound) chicken, cut into 10 pieces; 2 heads radicchio, preferably Treviso, cut into quarters; 1 tablespoon balsamic vinegar | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Cut a piece of aluminium foil about 12 inches long. Put the garlic on 1/2 of the foil, sprinkle with salt and pepper, drizzle in some olive oil, and add 2 sprigs of thyme. Fold the foil enclosing the garlic, making a pouch, and add a couple teaspoons of water. Fold the foil over the garlic to enclose and fold in the edges 2 or 3 times to seal. Put the package in the oven and roast for 30 minutes, or longer, until the garlic is soft. Open the package and let the garlic cool a bit, then squeeze out the cloves into a food processor <END>
INPUT: Italian, outdoor, vegetable, eggplants, Homemade herb oil, Salt pepper, olive oil, onions
OUTPUT: TITLE: Outdoor Grilled Striped Bass with Vegetable Tian and Basil Cream | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 2 eggplants, medium sized (3 1/2 to 4 inches in diameter); Homemade herb oil, recipe follows; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1/2 cup olive oil; 7 onions, peeled and sliced 1/4-inch thick; 4 fennel, cored and sliced 1/4-inch thick, reserve the tops for the striped bass and for garnishing the plate; 5 sprigs thyme; 1/4 cup sugar; 1/2 cup golden raisins; 1/2 cup Champagne vinegar; 1/2 cup toasted pine nuts; 3 zucchini, sliced into 24 (1/4-inch) rings * (See Cook's Note); 3 yellow squash, sliced into 24 (1/4-inch) rings *; 5 tomatoes, sliced into 24 (1/4-inch) rings *; Basil Cream, recipe follows | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Cut the eggplant into 1/4-inch rounds. Liberally coat the eggplant in herb oil and season with salt and black pepper. Spread the eggplant out in 1 layer in a baking dish and bake for about 20 minutes or until they are fully cooked and soft to the touch. Remove from the oven and allow to cool. In a large saute pan over medium-high heat, heat the olive oil. Add the sliced onion, fennel, and thyme and allow the mixture to cook while stirring frequently. Once the onions and fennel have wilted, about 5 minutes, add the sugar and continue to cook until all excess l <END>
INPUT: bit sugar, egg yolk
OUTPUT: TITLE: Asparagus Velouté | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 pounds (1 kg.) white asparagus; 1 quart (1 L.) chicken stock (or store-bought), or chicken broth (or store-bought or made from a bouillon cube); A bit of sugar (1 cube if you have cubes); 5 cup (30 g.) cornstarch; 1 egg yolk; 1 cup (25 cl.) heavy cream; Salt | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. Wash the asparagus. Cut 2 inches (5 cm.) off the tips and save them for another use. Do not peel the stalks but cut them into 15-inch (3-cm.) pieces. 2. Bring the stock or broth to a boil in a soup pot. When it bubbles, add the asparagus pieces and sugar. Turn down the heat, cover, and simmer for 20 minutes. 3. Blend and pass through a fine strainer (a chinois if possible), pressing on the solids with a spoon to extract as much liquid as possible. Put the soup back in the pot, bring back to a boil, and boil about 30 minutes more. 4. Thoroughly mix the cornstarch in a bowl with 1 tablespoon  <END>
INPUT: virgin olive oil, basil, chives, tarragon, kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Salmon and Pineapple with Avocado Dressing | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1 1/2 teaspoons chopped fresh basil, plus some sprigs, for garnish; 1 1/2 teaspoons chopped fresh chives; 1 teaspoon chopped fresh tarragon, plus some sprigs, for garnish; 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt; 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; Four 4-ounce skinless salmon fillets, each about 1-inch thick; Four 1/2-inch-thick round slices (rings) of pineapple, preferably fresh; Avocado Dressing, recipe follows; 1/4 cup fresh lemon juice (from 1 large lemon); 2 tablespoons chopped fresh basil; 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh chives; 1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil; 1 1/2 teaspoons finely chopped fresh tarragon; 1/8 teaspoon anchovy paste, optional | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Place a grill pan over medium-high heat or preheat a gas or charcoal grill. Whisk the oil, chopped basil, chives, chopped tarragon, salt and pepper in a small bowl to blend. Brush the salmon and pineapple slices with the herb mixture. Cook the salmon until barely cooked through and still pink inside, about 4 minutes per side. Cook the pineapple until slightly charred, 3 to 4 minutes per side. Transfer 1 pineapple slice to each plate and arrange a piece of salmon slightly overlapping it. Spoon 2 tablespoons of the Avocado Dressing over each piece of fish. Garnish  <END>
INPUT: mashed, russet potatoes, Kosher salt, sour cream, cream cheese, pepper Jack cheese
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pepper Jack Mashed Potatoes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 large russet potatoes, peeled and coarsely diced (about 2 pounds or 5 cups total); Kosher salt; 2/3 cup sour cream; 4 ounces cream cheese; 4 ounces pepper Jack cheese, grated; Coarsely ground black pepper; 1/2 bunch green onions, greens sliced | INSTRUCTIONS: Place the potatoes in a large saucepan set over medium-high heat, then cover with cold water and season with salt. Bring to a boil and cook until the potatoes are tender, 10 minutes. Drain and place the potatoes in the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment. Add the sour cream, cream cheese, pepper Jack and some salt and pepper, and mix until fluffy. Taste and adjust the seasoning as needed. Fold in the green onions and enjoy! <END>
INPUT: portabella mushrooms, cremini mushrooms, shallots, scallions
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sauteed Portabella and Cremini Mushrooms | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 pounds portabella mushrooms; 1 1/2 pounds cremini mushrooms; 3 large shallots; 1 stick (1/2 cup) unsalted butter; 4 scallions (green parts only); 1/2 cup balsamic vinegar; 5 tablespoons soy sauce; 1/4 cup sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: Halve portabellas and cut into 1/4-inch-thick slices. Cut cremini into 1/4-inch-thick slices. Chop shallots and in a 12-inch heavy skillet cook half of shallots in half of butter over moderate heat, stirring, 1 minute. Add portabellas and salt and pepper to taste and cook, stirring occasionally, until liquid mushrooms give off is evaporated, about 15 minutes. Transfer portabellas to a bowl and keep warm, covered. Cook remaining shallots in remaining butter over moderate heat, stirring, 1 minute. Add cremini and salt and pepper to taste and cook, stirring occasionally, until liquid mushrooms gi <END>
INPUT: doughnuts, granulated sugar, baking powder, kosher salt, cake flour, egg
OUTPUT: TITLE: Matcha Doughnuts | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup granulated sugar; 1 3/4 teaspoons baking powder; 3/4 teaspoon kosher salt; 2 cups cake flour, plus more for surface; 1 large egg; 1/2 cup buttermilk; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted Vegetable oil (for frying; about 4 cups); 1 cup granulated sugar; 1 tablespoon matcha; 1 cup powdered sugar; 1 tablespoon matcha; 1 large egg white; 2 cups powdered sugar; 2 teaspoons matcha; Pinch of salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Whisk granulated sugar, baking powder, salt, and 2 cups flour in a large bowl. Make a well in the center and add egg, buttermilk, and butter. Using a wooden spoon or a spatula, gradually incorporate dry ingredients until a shaggy dough forms. Turn out onto a lightly floured surface and knead a couple of times or so until no wet spots remain (be careful not to overwork or doughnuts will be tough). Roll out dough to 1/4" thick, sprinkling surface and/or dough with flour as needed to prevent sticking. Punch out as many rounds as you can with 3 1/4" cutter, then use 1 1/4" cutter to punch out cent <END>
INPUT: lobsters, plain bread crumbs, garlic, oregano, parsley
OUTPUT: TITLE: Stuffed Broiled Lobster | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 whole lobsters (2 to 2 1/2) pounds; 4 cups plain bread crumbs; 3 cloves garlic, minced; 4 tablespoons chopped oregano; 2 tablespoons chopped parsley; 2 teaspoons salt; 1 teaspoon pepper; 3 teaspoons paprika; 1 cup olive oil; Butter; 1/2 cup white wine; 1/2 cup chicken broth | INSTRUCTIONS: Split lobsters in half and clean, take claws and crack the shell. Mix in a bowl all of the following: bread crumbs, garlic, oregano, parsley, salt, pepper, and paprika. Mix well then add olive oil until it has the consistency of sand. Place lobsters in a roasting pan, flesh side up. Spread some butter onto the flesh of the lobster. Take the bread mixture and place on top of lobster. When stuffed sprinkle with wine and then do the same with the chicken stock. Place in preheated 350 degree oven for 12 to14 minutes. Then place under broiler for 3 to 4 minutes until lightly brown. Remove from the  <END>
INPUT: coulis, pear cherry tomatoes, wine vinegar, salt, olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Yellow Tomato Coulis | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound yellow pear or cherry tomatoes (about 2 2/3 cups) (red tomatoes may also be used); 2 teaspoons white wine vinegar; 3/4 teaspoon salt; 1 tablespoon olive oil; Halved yellow pear or cherry tomatoes, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: In a blender, puree tomatoes, white wine vinegar, salt, and olive oil until smooth. Pour tomato mixture through a sieve into a bowl, pressing on solids. Yellow tomato coulis keeps, covered and chilled, 2 days. Serve yellow tomato coulis garnished with halved tomatoes. <END>
INPUT: American, babysitter, unsalted butter, all purpose flour, half half milk, nutmeg, Kosher salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Babysitter's Mac and Cheese | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons unsalted butter; 3 tablespoons all-purpose flour; 2 1/2 cups half-and-half or milk; Pinch of freshly ground nutmeg; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 pound sharp cheddar, cut into 1/2-inch pieces; 1/2 pound Colby-Jack cheese, cut into 1/2-inch pieces; 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard; Pinch of smoked paprika; 1 pound elbow macaroni; 1/4 cup freshly grated Parmigiano-Reggiano | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F and generously butter a 2-quart shallow baking dish. In a large saucepan, melt the butter over medium heat. When the foam subsides, add the flour and cook over moderate heat, stirring constantly, for 2 minutes. Add the half-and-half, whisking, and cook over moderate heat until thickened, about 3 minutes. Add the nutmeg and season with salt and pepper to taste. Add half of the cheddar and half of the Colby-Jack and cook over low heat, stirring, until the cheese is melted. Off the heat, stir in the mustard and paprika. Meanwhile, cook the pasta in salted boiling <END>
INPUT: stroganoff, vegetable oil, chicken livers, Kosher salt pepper, unsalted butter, cremini mushrooms
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken Liver Stroganoff with Greek Yogurt | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons vegetable oil; 1 pound chicken livers, cleaned and deveined (about 1 pint); Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 5 tablespoons unsalted butter; 8 ounces cremini mushrooms, sliced about 1/8-inch thick (about 4 cups); 1 small red onion, cut in 1/2-inch dice (about 1 cup); 1/4 cup cognac or dry sherry; 1 cup chicken broth; 1 cup whole Greek yogurt; 12 ounces wide egg noodles; 1/4 cup fresh flat-leaf parsley leaves, roughly chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring a large stockpot of salted water to a boil (it should taste like sea water). Meanwhile, heat the oil over medium-high heat in a large, straight-sided saute pan until it shimmers. Sprinkle the chicken livers liberally with salt and pepper. In two batches, add the chicken livers to the hot oil and brown on both sides, about 3 minutes per batch. Transfer the browned livers to a plate. Once all of the livers have been browned, add 2 tablespoons of the butter to the pan. Add the mushrooms and cook until lightly browned, about 5 minutes, stirring occasionally. Add 2 more tablespoons of the but <END>
INPUT: mexican, unconverted long grain, tomatoes, onion, garlic, vegetable oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mexican Rice | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cups unconverted long grain rice; 8 ounces tomatoes, roughly chopped with the skin on; 1/2 small onion, finely chopped; 1 clove garlic, coarsely chopped; 1/3 cup vegetable oil, chicken fat, or lard; 3 1/2 cups light chicken broth; 1/2 medium carrot, cut into 1/4 inch dice; 1/2 zucchini, cut into 3/8 inch dice; 1/2 cup chopped poultry hearts and gizzards (optional); 3/4 teaspoon salt | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large bowl, combine the rice with enough very hot tap water to cover. Stir and let sit for about 10 minutes. Drain, rinse in cold water, and drain again, shaking thoroughly. In a blender, combine the tomatoes, onion, and garlic and blend until smooth, scraping down the sides of the container as necessary. Set aside. In a large heavy saucepan, heat the oil over medium high heat. Add the rice and cook, stirring occasionally, until the rice turns a light golden color, about 10 minutes. Do not let it scorch. Add the tomato puree and fry, scraping the bottom of the pan to stop the mixture from <END>
INPUT: Italian, salad, cherry tomatoes, bocconcini, oregano basil, garlic, olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Bocconcini Salad | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups cherry tomatoes; 1 pound bocconcini (small mozzarella balls); 1 tablespoon chopped fresh oregano or basil, plus whole leaves for garnish; 2 garlic cloves, minced; 1/4 cup olive oil; Salt and pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Slice each of the cherry tomatoes in half and toss in a bowl with the bocconcini, herbs, garlic, oil, salt, and pepper. Serve on a platter with herb leaves. <END>
INPUT: Italian, parmesan, water, salt, unsalted butter, polenta, ozfinely Parmigiano Reggiano
OUTPUT: TITLE: Parmesan and Black Pepper Polenta | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 4 1/2 cups water; 1 1/4 teaspoons salt; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1 cup instant polenta; 1 ozfinely grated Parmigiano-Reggiano (1/2 cup); 1/4 teaspoon black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring water to a boil with salt and butter in a 4-quart heavy saucepan, then add polenta in a thin stream, whisking. Cook polenta at a bare simmer, whisking with a long-handled whisk and turning down heat as needed to prevent spattering, 5 minutes. Remove from heat and stir in cheese. Serve sprinkled with black pepper. Bring water to a boil with salt and butter in a 4-quart heavy saucepan, then add polenta in a thin stream, whisking. Cook polenta at a bare simmer, whisking with a long-handled whisk and turning down heat as needed to prevent spattering, 5 minutes. Remove from heat and stir in c <END>
INPUT: chowder, bacon, onion, russet potato, chicken broth, water
OUTPUT: TITLE: Corn Chowder | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 pound lean bacon, chopped fine; 1 large onion, medium diced; 1 russet potato; 5 cups chicken broth; 5 cups water; 6 ears of corn, shucked; 1 red bell pepper, chopped fine; 2 fresh jalapeno chilies, or to taste, seeded and chopped fine; Salt and pepper, to taste; 1 1/2 cups half and half | INSTRUCTIONS: In a kettle cook the bacon over moderate heat, stirring, until it is crisp and golden and with a slotted spoon transfer it to paper towels to drain. Pour off all but 2 tablespoons of the fat from the kettle and in the remaining fat cook the onion over moderate heat, until soft. Add the potato, peeled, diced fine, stock, and water. Add the corn, cut from the cobs, the bell pepper, the jalapeno, and salt and pepper to taste and simmer the chowder for 1 hour. In a blender puree 2 cups of the chowder, return it to kettle, and stir in the half and half. Serve immediately.; <END>
INPUT: salad, seedless grapes, seedless purple grapes, cream cheese, container sour cream, granulated sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grape Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 pounds seedless green grapes; 2 pounds seedless purple grapes; One 8-ounce package cream cheese, room temperature; One 8-ounce container sour cream; 1/2 cup granulated sugar; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; 1/2 cup brown sugar, firmly packed; 1/2 cup pecans, finely chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: Wash the grapes and dry thoroughly with paper towels. Put the dry grapes in a 9-by-13-inch baking dish. In a bowl, combine the cream cheese, sour cream, granulated sugar and vanilla. Mix well using an electric mixer. Pour this mixture over the grapes and toss together until all the grapes are coated. Chill in the refrigerator. Just before serving, sprinkle with the brown sugar and pecans. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, sorbet, plain milk yogurt, simple syrup, lime zest, lime juice, water bowl
OUTPUT: TITLE: Yogurt-Lime Sorbet | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups plain whole-milk yogurt; 1 1/2 cups simple syrup; 1 teaspoon finely grated lime zest; 3 tablespoons fresh lime juice; 1/2 cup water in a medium bowl; seeds from 1/2 vanilla bean; Ice cream maker | INSTRUCTIONS: Whisk 2 cups plain whole-milk yogurt, 1 1/2 cups simple syrup, 1 teaspoon finely grated lime zest, 3 tablespoons fresh lime juice, and 1/2 cup water in a medium bowl; scrape in seeds from 1/2 vanilla bean. Process in an ice cream maker according to manufacturer's instructions. Transfer to an airtight container; cover and freeze until firm, at least 2 hours. Whisk 2 cups plain whole-milk yogurt, 1 1/2 cups simple syrup, 1 teaspoon finely grated lime zest, 3 tablespoons fresh lime juice, and 1/2 cup water in a medium bowl; scrape in seeds from 1/2 vanilla bean. Process in an ice cream maker acco <END>
INPUT: American, unsalted butter, Two acorn squash, Kosher salt pepper, celery, shallot
OUTPUT: TITLE: Stuffed Acorn Squash with Sausage, Barley and Goat Cheese | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 4 tablespoons unsalted butter; Two 1-pound acorn squash, halved lengthwise and seeds removed; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 stalks celery, small diced (about 1 cup); 1 large shallot, minced (about 1/2 cup); 1 teaspoon Italian seasoning; 1/4 teaspoon dried sage; 1 pound Italian sausage or soy sausage, removed from casings; 1 cup cooked barley (see Cook's Note); Finely grated zest of 1 lemon; 2 ounces goat cheese; 4 teaspoons honey | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F. Melt the butter in a 10-inch cast-iron skillet. Brush the squash with 2 tablespoons of the melted butter. Season aggressively with salt and pepper and place cut-side down on a rimmed baking sheet. Add 1 tablespoon water to the baking sheet and bake until tender, 25 to 35 minutes. Warm the remaining butter in the skillet over medium heat. Add the celery and shallots and saute until tender, about 3 minutes. Add the Italian seasoning, sage and 3 ounces water and cook until the herbs are tender, about 2 minutes. Stir to combine. Add <END>
INPUT: london, broil, wine, olive oil, scallions, garlic, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: London Broil with Green Peppercorn Butter | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cups dry red wine; 1 cup olive oil; 2 scallions, minced; 5 garlic cloves, minced; 1 1/2 teaspoons salt; 3/4 teaspoon black peppercorns, crushed; 3/4 teaspoon dry mustard; 3/4 teaspoon dried thyme; 9 parsley sprigs; 2 bay leaves; One (5 1/2- to 6-pound) top round steak, about 2 inches thick; 1 stick (1/2 cup) unsalted butter, softened; 1/4 cup chopped fresh parsley leaves; 1 tablespoon drained green peppercorns packed in water (available at specialty-food stores); 1 teaspoon fresh lemon juice | INSTRUCTIONS: Make the marinade: In a large bowl, combine all the ingredients. Add the steak, coating it completely, and let it marinate, covered and chilled, turning it occasionally, for at least 2 hours or overnight. (NOTE: Can be done ahead) Make green peppercorn butter: In a food processor fitted with the metal blade blend all the peppercorn-butter ingredients until combined well. Transfer the butter to a bowl and chill it, covered, for at least 1 hour or overnight. (NOTE: Can be done ahead) Drain the meat, pat it dry, and press the crushed black peppercorns into it. Let the meat stand for 30 minutes, s <END>
INPUT: Italian, soup, virgin olive oil, onions, russet potato, plum tomatoes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tomato-Basil Soup | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 2 cups chopped onions; 1 large russet potato (about 14 ounces), peeled, cut into 1-inch pieces; 2 pounds plum tomatoes, seeded, cut into 1-inch pieces (about 6 cups); 3 cups (or more) water; 1 cup (loosely packed) fresh basil leaves plus 4 teaspoons chopped fresh basil | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat oil in heavy large pot over medium heat. Add onions and sauté until golden, about 15 minutes. Add potato and sauté until light brown, about 10 minutes. Add tomatoes and stir until juices form, about 5 minutes. Add 3 cups water; bring to boil. Reduce heat to low, cover and simmer until potato is tender, about 25 minutes. Working in batches, puree soup in blender until smooth. Return soup to pot. Thin with additional water, if desired. Stir in 1 cup basil leaves. Simmer uncovered 5 minutes. Season soup to taste with salt and pepper. Ladle soup into 4 bowls. Sprinkle each with 1 teaspoon cho <END>
INPUT: tempura, battered, Oil, sweet onions, rice flour, baking powder, baking soda
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tempura Battered Onion Rings | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Oil, for frying; 2 large sweet onions, cut into 1/2-inch thick rings, thin skins removed; 1 1/2 cups rice flour, plus more, for dredging; 1 tablespoon baking powder; 1 tablespoon baking soda; 1 egg yolk; 1 cup beer (use enough until you get pancake batter consistency); 1/2 teaspoon salt, plus more for seasoning; Freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Fill a large Dutch oven or fryer with oil and preheat to 350 degrees F. Sift dry ingredients into a large mixing bowl and make a well in the center. Crack the egg yolk into a separate bowl and break it up with a fork. Add this to the well in the middle of the flour and slowly pour in the beer as you whisk. Gradually make wider circles with the whisk to incorporate the dry ingredients from the edges - this will minimize the chance of lumps. Continue until all the dry ingredients are mixed and the batter is of a smooth consistency. Take the onion rings and remove the thin membrane found between  <END>
INPUT: Mexican, crunchy, all purpose flour, salt, sugar, cayenne
OUTPUT: TITLE: Crunchy Fried Green Tomatoes with Fresh Tomato Salsa | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2 pounds green (unripe) tomatoes (about 4 medium); 1/2 cup all-purpose flour; 1 teaspoon salt; 1 teaspoon sugar; 3/4 teaspoon cayenne; 1 large egg; 1 tablespoon milk; 5 cups cornflakes (about 6 ounces); 1/2 stick (1/4 cup) unsalted butter; 1/4 cup vegetable oil; Fresh tomato salsa (recipe follows); 2 pounds vine-ripened red and/or orange tomatoes (about 5 medium); 2 fresh serrano or jalapeno chiles; 1/4 medium onion (preferably white); 1/2 cup fresh cilantro sprigs | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F. Cut twelve 1/2-inch thick slices from tomatoes. In a shallow bowl whisk together flour, salt, sugar, and cayenne. In another shallow bowl whisk together egg and milk. In a third shallow bowl coarsely crush cornflakes with hands. Working with 1 tomato slice at a time, dredge in flour, shaking off excess, and dip in egg, letting excess drip off. Coat slices with cornflakes, pressing them to adhere, and arrange slices in one layer on a baking sheet. In a 12-inch nonstick skillet heat 1 tablespoon butter and 1 tablespoon oil over moderate heat until foam subsides and <END>
INPUT: soup, bacon, onion, boiling potatoes, all purpose flour, water
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cheddar Potato Soup with Bacon | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 bacon slices; 1 large onion; 1 pound boiling potatoes; 1/4 cup all-purpose flour; 1 3/4 cups water; 1 1/2 cups chicken broth; 1/4 cup dry white wine; 2 cups grated sharp Cheddar (about 8 ounces); 2 tablespoons chopped fresh chives | INSTRUCTIONS: Chop bacon and in a large heavy saucepan cook over moderate heat, stirring occasionally, until crisp. Transfer bacon with a slotted spoon to paper towels to drain, reserving fat in pan. While bacon is cooking, chop onion. Peel potatoes and cut into 1/2-inch cubes. Cook onion in reserved fat over moderate heat, stirring occasionally, until softened. In a measuring cup stir together flour and water and add to onion with potatoes and broth. Simmer mixture 5 minutes, or until potatoes are just tender. Add wine and simmer 1 minute. Reduce heat to low and gradually stir in Cheddar (do not let boil). <END>
INPUT: American, sauce, olive oil additional, onion, lamb, garlic, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Moroccan Lamb and Eggplant Matzo Pie with Spicy Tomato Sauce | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 8 tablespoons olive oil plus additional for brushing on matzo; 1 medium onion, finely chopped; 1 1/2 pounds ground lamb; 3 garlic cloves, finely chopped; 2 1/2 teaspoons salt; 1 1/2 teaspoons ras-el-hanout (Moroccan spice blend)*; 1 teaspoon dried oregano, crumbled; 1 teaspoon dried mint, crumbled; 1/2 teaspoon black pepper; 1/4 teaspoon cinnamon; 2 (28- to 32-ounce) cans whole tomatoes in juice, chopped (6 cups), reserving juice; 2 pound eggplant, peeled and cut crosswise into 1/3-inch slices; 6 matzos (about 6 inches square); 1/4 teaspoon cayenne; 3/4 teaspoon sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: Make lamb filling: Heat 3 tablespoons oil in a 12-inch heavy skillet (2 inches deep) over moderately high heat until hot but not smoking, then sauté onion, stirring occasionally, until golden, about 5 minutes. Add lamb and sauté, stirring and breaking up lumps, until no longer pink, about 5 minutes. Add two thirds of garlic, 1 1/2 teaspoons salt, and 1 teaspoon ras-el-hanout with oregano, mint, pepper, and cinnamon, then sauté, stirring, 1 minute. Stir in 4 cups tomatoes with some of juice (reserving remaining tomatoes and juice for sauce) and simmer, uncovered, stirring occasionally, until sl <END>
INPUT: puerto, rican, vegetable oil, Achiote, Two Caribbean lobster, yucca, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Puerto Rican Prawns with Lobster-Yucca Mofongo and Sofrito Broth | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 gallon vegetable oil, plus more for the mold; 2 tablespoons Achiote (annatto) Oil, plus 4 tablespoons, recipe follows; Two 2-pound Caribbean lobster tails; 2 yucca, peeled, boiled, and cubed; 4 teaspoons minced garlic; Salt and pepper; 4 tablespoons olive oil; 12 prawns, peeled, cleaned, and deveined; 4 cups Sofrito Broth, recipe follows; 2 cups Spanish olive oil; 1 cup annatto seeds; 4 tablespoons Achiote Oil, recipe above; 1/2 cup diced yellow bell pepper; 1/2 cup diced aji dulce pepper (substitute a bell pepper); 1/2 cup diced onion | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat vegetable oil to 375 degrees F in a heavy-duty 4-quart stockpot. Heat 2 tablespoons Achiote Oil in a skillet and saute the lobster meat until just warm. Remove from pan and place on a clean plate. Cover the lobster with plastic wrap and keep warm while preparing the yucca. Place the yucca in the hot vegetable oil and deep fry until golden brown, about 3 to 4 minutes. When the yucca is ready, place in a bowl and add the remainder of the Achiote Oil and the garlic. Season with salt and pepper and toss to distribute all ingredients evenly. Mash the yucca until there is an even red color thro <END>
INPUT: Italian, relish, plum tomatoes, onion, wine vinegar, olive oil, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Pork Chops with Italian Relish | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 pound plum tomatoes, seeded, chopped; 3/4 cup chopped red onion; 1/4 cup red wine vinegar; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1 tablespoon chopped garlic; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh basil or 1 teaspoon dried; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh oregano or 1 teaspoon dried; 4 3/4-to-1 inch thick center-cut pork chops | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine first 7 ingredients in small bowl. Season with salt and pepper. Let stand at least 15 minutes or up to 1 hour. Prepare barbeque (medium heat). Arrange pork chops in 8x8x2-inch glass baking dish. Drain liquid from relish; spoon liquid over pork. Let pork marinate at least 15 minutes, turning occasionally. Grill pork until cooked through, about 6 minutes per side. Transfer pork to plates. Spoon relish over and serve. Combine first 7 ingredients in small bowl. Season with salt and pepper. Let stand at least 15 minutes or up to 1 hour. Prepare barbeque (medium heat). Arrange pork chops in  <END>
INPUT: sundae, butter, sugar, eggs, vanilla extract
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate Chip Caramel Ice Cream Sundae | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 sticks butter, softened, plus more for greasing; 1 cup brown sugar; 1/2 cup white sugar; 2 whole eggs; 2 teaspoons vanilla extract; 2 1/4 cups all-purpose flour, plus more for dusting; 1 1/2 teaspoons salt; 1 teaspoon baking soda; 1 teaspoon (heaping) instant coffee granules; 8 ounces chocolate chips or chocolate chunks (more to taste!); Hot fudge, for drizzling; Caramel sauce, for drizzling; Vanilla ice cream; Whipped cream; Maraschino cherries | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Mix the butter, brown sugar and white sugar until combined. Add the eggs and vanilla and mix together. In a separate bowl, stir together the flour, salt, baking soda and instant coffee. Add to the wet ingredients in batches, mixing gently after each addition. Gently mix in the chocolate chips or chunks. Thoroughly grease and flour a quarter sheet pan or a 9- by 13-inch baking pan. Spread the cookie dough into the pan, spreading out the surface. Bake for 15 to 18 minutes until done (longer if needed to make sure it's set. (If dou <END>
INPUT: Italian, tiramisu, water, French roast coffee, tea leaves, Cognac other brandy, egg yolks
OUTPUT: TITLE: Caramelized Fresh Pineapple Tiramisu | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cups water; 6 tablespoons freshly ground French roast coffee (about 1 1/2 ounces); 3 tablespoons black tea leaves (scant 1/2 ounce); 3 tablespoons Cognac or other brandy; 8 large egg yolks; 1/2 cup heavy whipping cream; 6 tablespoons sugar, divided; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 2 8-ounce containers mascarpone cheese*; 2 tablespoons Cognac or other brandy; 4 large egg whites; 4 cups 1/4- to 1/3-inch cubes cored peeled fresh pineapple (from 1 large); 1/4 cup sugar; 1/8 teaspoon salt; 1/2 vanilla bean, split lengthwise | INSTRUCTIONS: For coffee, tea, and cognac flavoring: Place coffee filter in strainer set over medium bowl. Bring 1 1/2 cups water to boil in heavy medium saucepan. Mix in coffee and tea. Turn off heat; cover and let steep 5 minutes. Strain mixture through coffee filter. Stir in Cognac. Cool completely. Place coffee filter in strainer set over medium bowl. Bring 1 1/2 cups water to boil in heavy medium saucepan. Mix in coffee and tea. Turn off heat; cover and let steep 5 minutes. Strain mixture through coffee filter. Stir in Cognac. Cool completely. For cognac sabayon: Whisk yolks, cream, 4 tablespoons sugar <END>
INPUT: beans, vinegar, mustard seeds, kosher salt, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sweet and Hot Quick Pickled Green Beans | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound green beans, trimmed; 2 cups white vinegar; 1 tablespoon mustard seeds; 1 tablespoon kosher salt; 1 tablespoon sugar; 1 teaspoon crushed red pepper; 2 cloves garlic | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Place the beans in a heatproof container. In a pot, heat the vinegar and 2 cups water to a simmer. Take off the heat and add the mustard seeds, salt, sugar, red pepper and garlic. Whisk until the salt and sugar dissolve. Pour the liquid over the green beans. Let cool, and then cover and place in the refrigerator. Allow the beans to pickle 24 hours before using. Pickled green beans will keep tightly covered in the refrigerator for up to 1 month. <END>
INPUT: Italian, Kosher salt, Good olive oil, lasagna noodles, milk
OUTPUT: TITLE: Portobello Mushroom Lasagna | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: Kosher salt; Good olive oil; 3/4 pound dried lasagna noodles; 4 cups whole milk; 12 tablespoons (11/2 sticks) unsalted butter, divided; 1/2 cup all-purpose flour; 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 1 teaspoon ground nutmeg; 1 1/2 pounds portobello mushrooms; 1 cup freshly ground Parmesan | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Bring a large pot of water to a boil with 1 tablespoon salt and a splash of oil. Add the lasagna noodles and cook for 10 minutes, stirring occasionally. Drain and set aside. For the white sauce, bring the milk to a simmer in a saucepan. Set aside. Melt 8 tablespoons (1 stick) of the butter in a large saucepan. Add the flour and cook for 1 minute over low heat, stirring constantly with a wooden spoon. Pour the hot milk into the butter-flour mixture all at once. Add 1 tablespoon salt, the pepper, and nutmeg, and cook over medium-low heat, stirring first with th <END>
INPUT: vegetable oil, garlic, mustard greens, Kosher salt pepper, chicken stock
OUTPUT: TITLE: Simple Sauteed Mustard Greens | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons vegetable oil; 2 cloves garlic, minced; 2 bunches mustard greens, stemmed and chopped; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1/4 cup chicken stock; 1 tablespoon stone-ground mustard | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large pan with straight sides on medium heat add the oil. Add the garlic to the hot oil. Saute until garlic is softened and fragrant and has infused the oil. Add the mustard greens. Season the greens with salt, and pepper, and saute while tossing to wilt. Once wilted add the chicken stock and stir. Raise heat to a simmer, then lower and cook for about 5 minutes more. Stir in the ground mustard. Serve warm. <END>
INPUT: dozen mussels, wine, garlic, onion, Parsley
OUTPUT: TITLE: Steamed Mussels with White Wine and Garlic | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 dozen mussels; 1/2 cup white wine; 4 cloves garlic, minced; 1 small onion, thinly sliced; Parsley | INSTRUCTIONS: Clean mussels. In large pot heat wine. Add garlic, onion, and parsley. Bring to a boil and add mussels. Cover and steam until mussels open. Serve with Italian bread. <END>
INPUT: smoked bacon, scallions, Olive oil, unsalted butter, russet potatoes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Rösti with Bacon and Scallions | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 slices thick-cut smoked bacon (4 ounces), chopped; 6 scallions, chopped, divided; Olive oil; 3 tablespoon unsalted butter, melted; 1 1/2 pounds russet potatoes, peeled; 1 teaspoon smoked salt or kosher salt plus more; 3/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; Ingredient info: Smoked salt can be found at specialty stores and saltworks.us | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook bacon in a small nonstick skillet over medium heat, stirring occasionally, until most of fat is rendered and bacon begins to brown, about 5 minutes. Set 1 tablespoon of dark-green part of scallions aside. Add remaining scallions to skillet and cook, stirring occasionally, until bacon is crisp and scallions are soft, 4-5 minutes longer. Using a slotted spoon, transfer bacon mixture to a paper towel-lined plate. Pour bacon fat into a small bowl; reserve skillet. Add olive oil to bowl to measure 3 tablespoons Add butter. Place 2 tablespoons fat mixture in skillet. Pour 2 tablespoons into ano <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, keftedes, zucchini, coarse kosher salt, onions, dill, mint
OUTPUT: TITLE: Zucchini Keftedes with Feta and Dill | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/3 pounds medium zucchini, trimmed; 1 teaspoon coarse kosher salt; 1/2 cup thinly sliced green onions; 3 tablespoons chopped fresh dill; 3 tablespoons chopped fresh mint; 2 garlic cloves, minced; 1 teaspoon finely grated lemon peel; 1 cup panko (japanese breadcrumbs); 1 large egg, beaten to blend; 1 cup coarsely crumbled feta cheese; Canola oil (for frying); Plain whole-milk or reduced-fat Greek-style yogurt (for garnish); Additional chopped fresh dill (for garnish); Ingredient info: Panko is available in the Asian foods section of most supermarkets and at Asian markets. Greek-style yogurt is a thick yogurt that's  | INSTRUCTIONS: Grate zucchini on large holes of box grater onto clean kitchen towel. Sprinkle zucchini with 1 teaspoon coarse salt; let stand at least 30 minutes and up to 1 hour. Line rimmed baking sheet with parchment or foil. Wrap zucchini in towel; squeeze out as much liquid as possible. Place zucchini in medium bowl. Mix in green onions, 3 tablespoons chopped dill, mint, garlic, lemon peel, and 1/2 teaspoon black pepper. Gently stir in panko and egg, then feta. Using 2 tablespoons zucchini mixture for each, shape mixture into 1 3/4- to 2-inch-diameter patty; place on baking sheet. Chill at least 1 hour. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, soup, chile, jalapeños, garlic, olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken and Corn Soup with Chile-Mint Salsa | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 4 jalapeños; 2 garlic cloves, coarsely chopped; 1 teaspoon (or more) kosher salt; 1 cup (loosely packed) fresh mint leaves, chopped; 3 tablespoons olive oil; 1 3-4-pound whole chicken; 3 quarts low-salt chicken broth; 4 ears of corn, husked, kernels cut from cobs, cobs reserved; 1 medium onion, halved lengthwise; 1 head of garlic, halved crosswise; 1 medium carrot, chopped; 1 celery stalk, chopped; 5 whole black peppercorns; 3 bay leaves; 2 teaspoons kosher salt plus more | INSTRUCTIONS: For chile-mint salsa: Char chiles over a gas flame or under a broiler, turning occasionally, until blackened all over (this adds a smoky flavor and makes the skins easy to remove). Let cool. Using a small knife, scrape skin from chiles; discard. Coarsely chop chiles (for a milder salsa, discard seeds). Make a paste by mincing garlic and 1 teaspoon salt on a work surface, scraping with the side of knife occasionally. Add chiles and finely chop, then add mint and finely chop. Transfer to a bowl; stir in oil. Season with more salt, if desired. DO AHEAD: Salsa can be made 1 day ahead. Cover; chill <END>
INPUT: Mexican, chili, sloppy, olive vegetable oil, garlic, jalapeno pepper, onion, Kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Green Chili Sloppy Joses with Refried Bean Dip and Chips | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon olive or vegetable oil; 2 cloves garlic, chopped; 1 jalapeno pepper, seeded and chopped; 1 small onion, finely chopped; Kosher salt; 1/2 teaspoon cayenne pepper; 1/2 teaspoon ground coriander; 1/2 teaspoon ground cumin; 1/2 teaspoon paprika; One 15-ounce can vegetarian spicy refried beans; Tortilla chips, for dipping; 4 poblano or 6 green New Mexico chile peppers; 4 large tomatillos, husked and rinsed; 1 jalapeno pepper, stemmed; 3 tablespoons honey | INSTRUCTIONS: For the bean dip: Heat the oil in a small skillet over medium heat. Add the garlic, jalapenos and onions and season with salt; stir for a few minutes to soften. Add the cayenne, coriander, cumin and paprika and cook, stirring, until fragrant. Add 1 cup water and bring to a boil. Transfer to a food processor, add the beans and puree until smooth. Store the dip in an airtight container in the refrigerator until ready to serve. (The dip can be served hot or cold.) For the green chili sloppy joses: Heat the broiler. Arrange the poblanos, tomatillos and jalapeno on a baking sheet and broil, leaving <END>
INPUT: streusel, sweet potatoes, apricots, granulated sugar, all purpose flour, firmly light sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sweet Potato and Apricot Purée with Pecan Streusel | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 5 large sweet potatoes (about 3 1/2 pounds); 6 ounces dried apricots (about 1 1/2 cups); 1 tablespoon granulated sugar, or to taste; 1 tablespoon all-purpose flour; 1/3 cup firmly packed light brown sugar; 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, softened; 2/3 cup chopped pecans (about 3 ounces), toasted lightly | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 450°F. Prick potatoes and bake in middle of oven 1 1/2 hours, or until very soft. Scoop flesh into a bowl. In a saucepan cover apricots by 1 inch with cold water and simmer until soft, about 30 minutes. Reserve 2 tablespoons cooking liquid and drain apricots. In a food processor puree apricots with granulated sugar and reserved liquid until smooth. Add puree to potatoes with salt to taste and with an electric mixer beat until smooth. Spread mixture in a buttered 2-quart shallow baking dish. Puree may be prepared up to this point 1 day ahead and chilled, covered. Reduce oven tem <END>
INPUT: shallots, butter, arborio rice, wine, lobster stock
OUTPUT: TITLE: Stuffed Cabbage with Crab and Mint | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 8 ounces shallots minced; 8 ounces butter; 2 cups arborio rice; 1 cup white wine; 5 cups lobster stock, plus 16 ounces; 2 pounds lump crab meat cleaned; 4 tablespoons chopped mint, plus 2 tablespoons for garnish; 24 large cabbage leaves stemmed and blanched; 2 cups diced tomatoes peeled and seeded | INSTRUCTIONS: Saute shallots in half the butter until translucent add the rice and mix in with butter and shallots. Add the wine and cook over medium heat until it is absorbed stirring continuously, repeat the process with the 5 cups lobster stock adding 2 1/2 cups at a time. Remove from heat and add crab and mint and the remaining butter. Season with salt and pepper and let cool. Place 2 tablespoons in the center of each cabbage leaf and roll. Place stuffed cabbage in a hotel pan and cover with the remaining 16 ounces of stock and tomatoes. Cook in preheated 350 degree oven for 20 minutes. Place on serving <END>
INPUT: soup, butter, olive oil, cored cabbage, onion, thyme
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cabbage Soup with Apples and Thyme | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons butter; 1 tablespoon olive oil; 8 cups thinly sliced cored green cabbage (about 1/2 large head); 1 large onion, chopped; 8 large fresh thyme sprigs; 6 cups low-salt chicken broth; 1 1/4 pounds Golden Delicious apples, peeled, cored, cut into 1/2-inch cubes; Chopped fresh thyme | INSTRUCTIONS: Melt 1 tablespoon butter with oil in heavy large pot over medium-high heat. Add cabbage and onion; sauté until vegetables wilt and brown, stirring occasionally, about 15 minutes. Add 8 thyme sprigs and sauté 1 minute longer. Add broth and bring to boil. Reduce heat to medium and simmer 5 minutes. Season to taste with salt and pepper. (Soup can be made 1 day ahead. Cover and refrigerate. Rewarm before serving.) Melt remaining 2 tablespoons butter in heavy large skillet over medium-high heat. Add apples and sauté until brown and tender, stirring occasionally, about 12 minutes. Season with salt a <END>
INPUT: short, shallots, garlic, tomato paste, pancetta
OUTPUT: TITLE: Braised Short Ribs with Mushrooms | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 8 short ribs (12 ounces each), trimmed and tied by a butcher; 8 shallots; 11 cloves garlic; 1/4 cup tomato paste; 6 ounces pancetta, diced; 1/2 cup plus 2 tablespoons cognac or brandy; 1/3 cup all-purpose flour; 2 cups red wine; 1/4 ounce dried porcini mushrooms; 4 sprigs fresh thyme; 2 bay leaves; Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper; 1/4 cup chopped fresh parsley; 10 ounces oyster mushrooms, trimmed; 10 ounces cremini mushrooms, trimmed and halved | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 300 degrees F. Bring the short ribs to room temperature. Meanwhile, pulse the shallots, 10 cloves garlic and the tomato paste in a food processor to make a paste. Cook the pancetta in a large ovenproof pot over medium-high heat until crisp, about 7 minutes. Transfer the pancetta and all but 2 tablespoons drippings to a bowl. Add the shallot mixture to the pot and cook, stirring, until brown, about 6 minutes. Reduce the heat to medium and add 1/2 cup cognac, scraping up the browned bits. Sprinkle in the flour and cook, stirring, about 5 more minutes. Gradually stir in the wi <END>
INPUT: sauce, asparagus, unsalted butter, heavy cream, Virginia country ham
OUTPUT: TITLE: Asparagus with Cream Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound asparagus, trimmed; 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, softened; 4 (1/2-inch-thick) slices good-quality white bread such as a pullman loaf, crusts discarded; 1 cup heavy cream; 1/4 cup finely chopped cooked sliced Virginia country ham; 1/2 teaspoon finely chopped garlic | INSTRUCTIONS: Steam asparagus in a steamer rack over boiling water, covered, until crisp-tender, about 4 minutes. Transfer to a plate and keep warm, loosely covered with foil. Put broiler pan (with unlined rack) in broiler and preheat broiler 5 minutes. Generously butter bread slices on 1 side, then halve diagonally. Arrange bread, buttered sides up, on rack of hot broiler pan and broil 4 to 5 inches from heat until golden-brown in some spots and undersides are toasted, 2 to 3 minutes (watch carefully). Briskly simmer cream, ham, garlic, and 1/8 teaspoon pepper in a 12-inch heavy skillet, stirring occasiona <END>
INPUT: nibbles, asparagus spears, Parma ham, lemon, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Asparagus Nibbles | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 12 asparagus spears; 12 slices Parma ham; 1 lemon, cut into small wedges; Pinch freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Trim and blanch asparagus spears in boiling salted water for about 1 minute and then chill in an ice bath. Dry them with paper towels. Wrap a slice of ham around each of the asparagus, leaving the tips showing. Serve with lemon wedges and sprinkle with black pepper. <END>
INPUT: Indian, spiced, fennel seeds, coriander seeds, salmon fillets, virgin olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fennel- and Coriander-Spiced Salmon Fillets | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 tablespoons fennel seeds; 1 1/2 teaspoons coriander seeds; 6 6-ounce skinless salmon fillets (each about 1 to 1 1/4 inches thick); Extra-virgin olive oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Prepare barbecue (high heat). Coarsely grind fennel seeds and coriander seeds in spice grinder. Brush salmon fillets generously with oil. Sprinkle both sides of fillets with salt and pepper, then with spice mixture, pressing to adhere. Grill salmon, covered, until center is just opaque, about 4 minutes per side. Prepare barbecue (high heat). Coarsely grind fennel seeds and coriander seeds in spice grinder. Brush salmon fillets generously with oil. Sprinkle both sides of fillets with salt and pepper, then with spice mixture, pressing to adhere. Grill salmon, covered, until center is just opaque <END>
INPUT: Mexican, tortilla, vegetable oil, Salt, mozzarella
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tortilla de Yuca | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2 pounds peeled, deveined and quartered yuca; 1/2 cup (1 stick) unsalted butter; 1/4 cup plus 3 tablespoons vegetable oil; Salt; 1 cup shredded mozzarella (or your choice of melting cheese); Ensalada Criolla, recipe follows; 2 tomatoes, sliced; 1 large red onion, sliced; 1 bell pepper, sliced; 2 tablespoons chopped cilantro; Juice of 1 lime; Salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Place the peeled and quartered yuca in a pot and cover it with at least 2 quarts water. Cook over high heat until tender, about 30 minutes. Drain the yuca in a colander for 2 minutes. Transfer to the bowl of an electric mixer and add the butter, 1/4 cup of the oil and salt to taste. Mix on medium speed until well incorporated, about 3 minutes. Refrigerate until cool, 15 to 20 minutes. Shape the yuca dough into eight 4-ounce balls. Make a hole in one of the balls with your finger and stuff it with a tablespoon of the mozzarella. Flatten it into a thick patty (a tortilla). Repeat with the remain <END>
INPUT: Asian, szechuan, smooth peanut butter, soy sauce, balsamic vinegar, chili garlic sauce
OUTPUT: TITLE: Szechuan Noodles with Peanut Sauce | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup (or more) canned chicken broth; 1 cup smooth peanut butter; 1/4 cup soy sauce; 2 tablespoons balsamic vinegar; 11/2 tablespoons chili-garlic sauce; 5 garlic cloves, minced; 1/4 cup chopped peanuts; 12 ounces dried chow mein udon (Asian-style noodles); 2 tablespoon canola oil; 4 large bok choy leaves; 1 red bell pepper, halved lengthwise; 1 large carrot, peeled; 1 bunch green onions; 2 tablespoons toasted sesame seeds | INSTRUCTIONS: Mix 1/2 cup vegetable broth, peanut butter, soy sauce, balsamic vinegar, chili-garlic sauce and minced garlic in medium bowl to blend well (sauce will be thick). Cook noodles in large pot of boiling salted water until just tender but still firm to the bite, about 6 minutes. Drain. Rinse noodles under cold water and cool. Cut noodles into 4 to 5 - inch lengths. Transfer noodles to very large bowl. Toss with oil to coat. Chiffonade bok choy, julienne carrots and slice onions into matchstick-size strips. (Sauce, noodles and vegetables can be prepared 4 hours ahead. Cover separately; chill. Bring  <END>
INPUT: Mexican, shredded, tostadas, chicken breasts, peppercorns, salt, garlic, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Shredded Spicy Chicken Tostadas (Tinga) | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound boneless skinless chicken breasts; 1 tablespoon whole peppercorns; 1 tablespoon salt; 2 cloves garlic; 1/4 medium white onion; 1 bay leaf; 4 ounces raw pork chorizo; 1/2 large white onion, chopped; 1 clove garlic, minced; 3 tomatoes (about 1 pound), boiled 30 seconds, peeled and seeded; 1 cup chopped tomatillos (husked and rinsed first); 2 tablespoons pureed chipotle; 1 1/2 teaspoons kosher salt, plus more for seasoning; 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, plus more for seasoning; 1/2 teaspoon crumbled dried Mexican oregano | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. For the chicken: Place the chicken, peppercorns, salt, garlic, bay leaf and onion in a large heavy saucepan with 6 cups of water. Bring to a boil over high heat, and then reduce to a simmer over medium-low heat for 20 minutes. Turn the heat off and remove the chicken from the liquid. Reserve the broth for later use. Using 2 forks or clean hands, shred the chicken into a bowl and set aside. For the tinga: In a large heavy saute pan, cook the chorizo over medium heat until fully cooked, about 6 minutes. Add the onions and saute until translucent and fragrant, about <END>
INPUT: chimichurri, virgin olive oil, lemon juice, water, garlic, shallot
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Halibut with Chimichurri | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/3 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 1/4 cup fresh lemon juice; 1 tablespoon water; 1 tablespoon minced garlic; 1 tablespoon minced shallot; 3/4 teaaspoon hot red-pepper flakes; 3/4 cup chopped flat-leaf parsley; 4 (6- to 8-ounce) halibut steaks (3/4 to 1 inch thick); 1 tablespoon vegetable oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Whisk together olive oil, lemon juice, water, garlic, shallot, red-pepper flakes, and 1/2 tsp each of salt and pepper until salt has dissolved. Stir in parsley. Let chimichurri stand 20 minutes. Meanwhile, prepare grill for direct-heat cooking over medium-hot charcoal (medium heat for gas). Pat fish dry, then brush with vegetable oil and sprinkle with 1/2 tsp salt and 1/4 tsp pepper (total). Oil grill rack, then grill fish, covered only if using a gas grill, turning once, until just cooked through, 8 to 10 minutes total. Serve fish drizzled with some of chimichurri; serve remainder on the side <END>
INPUT: gratin, garlic, beans Great Northern, chicken broth, fine bread crumbs, unsalted butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: White Bean Gratin with Garlic | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 heads garlic; 1 1/2 cups dried white beans such as Great Northern or navy; 3/4 cup chicken broth; 1/2 cup fine dry bread crumbs; 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened | INSTRUCTIONS: Separate garlic heads into cloves (do not peel). Pick over beans and in a 4-quart kettle combine with garlic and enough cold water to cover beans by 2 inches. Gently simmer bean mixture, adding more water as necessary to keep beans covered, until beans are tender, about 1 1/2 hours. Drain bean mixture in a colander. Remove garlic and peel. In a small bowl mash garlic with a fork and gently stir into beans. Preheat oven to 400 degrees. In a 2-quart nonreactive baking dish gently stir together bean mixture, broth, and salt and pepper to taste. In a bowl with your fingertips blend together bread  <END>
INPUT: lunchbag, mediterranean, vine ripened plum, Salt pepper, oregano leaves, flat leaf parsley, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: "Lunchbag" Swordfish with Mediterranean Tomato Sauce and Linguini | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 cups vine-ripened plum (Roma) tomatoes, cored and cut into thin wedges; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh oregano leaves, or 1 teaspoon dried oregano; 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh flat-leaf parsley; 1 tablespoon minced garlic; 1/4 cup (1 small) minced red onion; 2 tablespoons rinsed, drained, and roughly chopped capers; 1/2 cup roasted red or yellow bell peppers, coarsely chopped; 12 pitted and sliced Greek olives (such as kalamata or Gaeta olives); 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 2 tablespoons pepper olive oil or 1/2 teaspoon dried chili flakes; 6 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1/2 pound dried linguini; 4 (6-ounce) swordfish steaks | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: 4 brown paper lunch bags or 4 large sheets parchment paper or waxed paper (see note) Put tomatoes in a large bowl and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Add oregano, parsley, garlic, onion, capers, peppers, olives, lemon juice, pepper oil, and 4 tablespoons of the extra-virgin olive oil. Stir gently just to mix and set aside at least 1 hour. Adjust seasonings, if desired. Mixture will become more liquid and sauce-like over time. Preheat oven to 450 degrees F. Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil and cook linguini until al dente. Drain and toss with remaining 2 tab <END>
INPUT: Italian, zucchini, virgin olive oil, Coarse kosher salt, pepper, balsamic vinegar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Penne with Grilled Zucchini, Ricotta Salata, and Mint | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 2 pounds small zucchini, trimmed, halved lengthwise; Extra-virgin olive oil (for brushing); Coarse kosher salt; Freshly ground black pepper; 2 tablespoons balsamic vinegar; 1/4 cup fresh mint leaves, thinly sliced; 2 pinches of dried crushed red pepper; 1 pound penne or ziti pasta; 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 3/4 cup crumbled ricotta salata (salted dry ricotta cheese; about 3 ounces)*; Ricotta salata is a firm cheese with a mildly salty flavor. It's available at some supermarkets and specialty foods stores, and at Italian markets | INSTRUCTIONS: Prepare barbecue (medium-high heat). Arrange zucchini on rimmed baking sheet; brush all over with oil. Sprinkle with coarse salt and black pepper. Grill zucchini until tender, about 4 minutes per side. Transfer to work surface; cut crosswise into 1-inch pieces. Place in large serving bowl. Add vinegar, mint, and crushed red pepper; set aside. Cook pasta in boiling salted water until just tender but still firm to bite. Drain. Add pasta to zucchini mixture, then add 3 tablespoons olive oil and ricotta salata and toss. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Prepare barbecue (medium-high heat). Arr <END>
INPUT: sticky, pudding, Medjool dates, baking soda, all purpose flour, baking powder
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sticky Toffee Pudding with Blood Orange, Tangerine, and Whipped Crème Fraîche | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 pound whole Medjool dates, pitted and chopped; 1 teaspoon baking soda; 8 tablespoons (1 stick) unsalted butter, softened, plus more for the pan; 1 3/4 cups all-purpose flour; 1 1/2 teaspoons baking powder; 1/4 teaspoon kosher salt; 1 cup dark-brown sugar; 1/4 cup granulated sugar; 2 extra-large eggs; 1 recipe Toffee Sauce; 3 blood oranges; 2 tangerines; 6 kumquats; 1 cup heavy cream; 2 tablespoons crème fraîche | INSTRUCTIONS: Place the dates and baking soda in a bowl, and pour 1 cup boiling water over them. Let them sit for 1 hour, and then strain the dates (reserve the water). Purée them in a food processor, pour the liquid in, and pulse to combine. Preheat the oven to 350°F. Prepare a 9-inch springform pan by spreading butter on the inside surfaces, lining the bottom with parchment paper, and buttering the parchment. Sift the flour and baking powder together. Stir in the salt. In a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, cream the butter and sugars at medium-high speed for 4 to 5 minutes, until light and f <END>
INPUT: european, chocolates, sugar, hazelnuts, almonds, roasted peanuts, cocoa butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: European Peanut Butter Chocolates | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 cup sugar; 3/4 cup plus 2 tablespoons hazelnuts, blanched; 3/4 cup plus 2 tablespoons almonds, blanched; 3 cups roasted peanuts; 120 grams cocoa butter (1/2 cup); 4 ounces bittersweet chocolate, chopped; 2 pinches salt; 16 ounces milk chocolate, tempered | INSTRUCTIONS: Place the sugar in a heavy-bottomed saucepan over medium-high heat. Add just enough water to give the sugar a wet sand consistency. Cook until caramelized. Add the hazelnuts and the almonds and mix with a wooden spoon until coated. Cook until everything is nicely coated and caramelized (dark in color). Remove from the heat and pour onto a sheet of parchment paper. Allow the mixture to cool for a few hours. When cooled, use a food processor to break up the caramelized nuts. Add the peanuts to the food processor and grind until the nuts release their oils and form a paste with the consistency of <END>
INPUT: Asian, tofu, soy sauce, orange juice, pepper, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Tofu with Mushroom Sauce | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound firm tofu, sliced into 1-inch thick pieces; 1/4 cup soy sauce; 1/2 cup orange juice; Dash of pepper; Dash of salt; 1/2 teaspoon olive oil; 3/4 cup skim milk; 1 tablespoon all purpose flour; 1/4 cup vegetable broth; 1 cup sliced shiitake mushrooms; 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard; 3 green onions, chopped fine | INSTRUCTIONS: To a small non reactive bowl or dish combine marinade ingredients. Marinate tofu overnight. Place tofu slices on hot grill and cook 4 to 5 minutes on each side. Place grilled slices in a warm place while making the sauce. In a separate saucepan whisk together olive oil, milk, flour and vegetable broth. Add shiitake mushrooms and cook over medium heat, stirring occasionally, for 7 to 10 minutes or until the mushrooms are tender. Pour the mixture over grilled tofu. Serve immediately. <END>
INPUT: Indian, spiced, kabobs, plain low fat, mint, lemon juice, Persian cucumber, Kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spiced Beef and Chicken Kabobs with Cucumber Yogurt | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup plain low-fat Greek yogurt; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh mint; 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice; 1 Persian cucumber, finely chopped; Kosher salt; 1/2 cup plain low-fat Greek yogurt; 1/4 cup finely chopped fresh cilantro; 1 teaspoon ground coriander; 1/2 teaspoon ground cumin; 1/2 teaspoon ground turmeric; 1/4 teaspoon ground allspice; 3 tablespoons olive oil; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 pound beef sirloin tip, cut into 3/4-inch pieces; 1 pound boneless, skinless chicken thighs, cut into 3/4-inch pieces | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: skewers, soaked for 30 minutes if wood or bamboo For the yogurt sauce: Stir together the yogurt, mint, lemon juice and cucumbers. Add salt to taste. Refrigerate while the meat marinates. (The sauce can be made up to 1 day ahead.) For the kabobs: Mix the yogurt, cilantro, coriander, cumin, turmeric, allspice, 2 tablespoons of the olive oil, 1 1/2 teaspoons salt and 1/4 teaspoon pepper together in a large bowl. Add the beef and chicken (you can separate them into 2 bowls if you prefer) and toss to coat in the marinade. Cover and refrigerate for at least 1 hour and up to 3 hour <END>
INPUT: cranberry, bread, unbleached all purpose, baking powder, baking soda, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Apricot, Orange, Cranberry Bread | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 1/2 cups unbleached all-purpose flour; 1 1/2 teaspoons baking powder; 1 teaspoon baking soda; 1 teaspoon salt; 1/4 pound (1 stick) butter, room temperature; 1 cup sugar; 1 tablespoon plus 1 teaspoon freshly grated orange zest; 2 large eggs; 2/3 cup orange juice; 2/3 cup milk; 2/3 cup finely chopped apricots; 2/3 cup chopped walnuts; 3 cups cranberries, picked over and chopped in a food processor | INSTRUCTIONS: Sift together the flour, baking powder, baking soda, and salt. Cream the butter and sugar in a large bowl. Beat in the orange zest and eggs, 1 at a time. Add the orange juice and milk and beat until mixed thoroughly. It will appear curdled. Add the flour mixture and beat until it is just moistened. Stir in the apricots, walnuts, and cranberries. Place baking rack in middle of the oven. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Butter and flour 5 (5 3/4 by 2 1/4-inch loaf pans. Pour the batter into the pans. Bake for 45 minutes. Test for doneness with a toothpick - it should come out clean. Remove the <END>
INPUT: fregola, Kosher salt, olive oil, garlic, pepper flakes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fregola with Clams | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cups fregola (about 10 ounces); Kosher salt; 1/2 cup olive oil, plus more for drizzling; 2 garlic cloves, finely chopped; 1 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes; 1/2 cup dry white wine; 24 littleneck clams, scrubbed; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh flat-leaf parsley; 1/2 teaspoon finely grated lemon zest | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook fregola in a large pot of boiling salted water, stirring occasionally, until very al dente, 6–8 minutes; drain. Meanwhile, heat 1/2 cup oil in a Dutch oven or other large heavy pot over medium-high heat. Add garlic and red pepper flakes and cook, stirring, until fragrant, about 30 seconds. Carefully add wine; bring to a boil, reduce heat, and simmer until reduced by half, about 3 minutes. Add clams, cover, and cook, transferring clams to a bowl as they open (discard any that do not open), 6–8 minutes. Add fregola to cooking liquid in pot and cook, stirring, until fregola is tender and sau <END>
INPUT: Asian, congee, eggs, old fashioned rolled, peanut oil, scallions, Chili sauce
OUTPUT: TITLE: Oat Congee with Fried Eggs and Scallions | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 4 large eggs; 3 1/2 cups old-fashioned rolled oats (not instant); 1 tablespoon peanut oil; 2 scallions, green parts only, finely sliced; Chili sauce, such as Sriracha, for garnish; Salted roasted peanuts, for garnish; Light soy sauce, for garnish; 1 pickled soy lettuce stem, chopped; 4 teaspoons momoya (Japanese seaweed paste); 2 tablespoons salted roasted peanuts; 2 tablespoons pickled bamboo shoots in chili oil; 2 tablespoons dried pork floss; 4 small cubes of tofu ru (jarred fermented bean curd) | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring the oats and 4 cups water to a boil in a saucepan over medium-high heat. Reduce the heat to a simmer and cook, stirring frequently, until very thick, 3 to 4 minutes. Remove from the heat and cover to keep warm. Meanwhile, heat a wok or large skillet over medium heat until smoking and add the peanut oil. Working in batches if necessary, crack the eggs into the wok and cook to desired doneness. Transfer the oats to 4 shallow bowls and top each with a fried egg. Sprinkle the scallion greens over each bowl and pass the chili sauce, peanuts and soy sauce at the table for garnishing. Top with  <END>
INPUT: deviled, sandwiches, ham, mayonnaise, grainy mustard, Worcestershire sauce, Tabasco
OUTPUT: TITLE: Deviled Ham and Pickle Sandwiches | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cups chopped cooked ham (1/2 pound); 1/3 cup mayonnaise; 2 teaspoons grainy mustard; 1/2 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce; 1/4 teaspoon Tabasco; Sliced cornichons or dill pickles; Thinly sliced sweet onion; 8 slices sandwich bread | INSTRUCTIONS: Pulse ham with mayonnaise, mustard, Worcestershire sauce, and Tabasco in a food processor until finely chopped. Make sandwiches with ham mixture, pickles, onion, and bread. Pulse ham with mayonnaise, mustard, Worcestershire sauce, and Tabasco in a food processor until finely chopped. Make sandwiches with ham mixture, pickles, onion, and bread. <END>
INPUT: American, burger, tuna, scallions, pickled ginger, soy sauce, pepper taste
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Tuna Burger | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 12 ounces tuna, fresh (chilled) ground; 4 to 6 scallions, chopped; 1 1/2 tablespoons pickled ginger, chopped; 2 1/2 tablespoons soy sauce; Fresh ground black pepper to taste; 4 brioche loaf slices, crust removed | INSTRUCTIONS: Put tuna in a chilled bowl. Add chopped scallion, pickled ginger, soy sauce and pepper. Mix all of the ingredients lightly. Depending on the size burger, you want to divide the mixture into 2 or 4 patties and form your burgers. Heat your grill or skillet over medium flame. Place brioche slices on grill and toast. Remove slices and place patties on grillpan sear to your desired doneness. Rare to well. <END>
INPUT: giant lima beans, water, olive oil, coarse salt, Juice lime
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Lima Beans | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup giant lima beans; 4 cups water; 1/4 cup olive oil; 1 teaspoon coarse salt; Juice of 1 lime; 1 teaspoon cayenne pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Place the beans and water in a large saucepan over high heat and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat to low, cover and cook until the beans are just soft, about 1 hour. Remove from the heat. Drain the beans and cool under running water. Drain thoroughly and spread on paper towels to dry. Preheat an oven to 425 degrees F. Toss beans with the olive oil and sprinkle with salt, lime juice and cayenne. Spread beans out on a baking sheet and place in oven. Roast until beans begin to brown slightly. Serve warm or room temperature. <END>
INPUT: ripple, cranberry juice, vegetable oil, egg whites, raspberry preserves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Raspberry Ripple Cake | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 (18.25-ounce) white cake mix; 1 1/4 cups white cranberry juice; 1/3 cup vegetable oil; 3 egg whites; 6 tablespoons red raspberry preserves; 1/8 teaspoon red food color; 1/2 cup red raspberry preserves; 1 tablespoon white cranberry juice; 1/2 teaspoon raspberry extract; 5 tablespoons heavy cream; 1 cup powdered sugar, sifted; 1/8 teaspoon raspberry extract | INSTRUCTIONS: Cake: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Spray a 9-inch Bundt tube pan with cooking spray and set aside. Using a rubber spatula gently combine cake mix, juice, oil, and egg whites in a large bowl. Beat with an electric mixer on medium speed for 2 minutes. Remove 1 cup of batter and transfer to a small bowl. Stir in raspberry preserves and food color and mix until well combined. Pour half of white cake batter into prepared tube pan. Top with raspberry cake batter. Pour over the remaining half of white cake batter. Bake in preheated oven for 38 to 40 minutes, or until tester comes out clean. Remove  <END>
INPUT: Italian, pork butt, kosher salt, oregano, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Porchetta Ravioli | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: Porchetta:; 3 pounds boneless pork butt; 1 tablespoon kosher salt; 1 teaspoon dry oregano; 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 1 pound Italian sausage; 1 tablespoon grapeseed oil; 1/2 cup diced yellow onion; 1/4 cup diced carrot; 1/4 cup diced celery; 2 tablespoons tomato paste; 2 cups chicken stock; Ravioli:; 1 cup ricotta; 2 tablespoons freshly grated Parmesan | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: a pasta machine; an immersion blender; a meat mallet; butcher's twine; an instant-read thermometer; a ravioli mold, optional For the porchetta: Preheat the oven to 275 degrees F. Cut the pork butt in a spiral fashion so that the pork butt will be about 1-inch thick and flattens into a sheet. Pound out the sheet of meat with a mallet to an even thickness. Combine the salt, oregano and pepper in a small bowl and season both sides of the pork butt. Remove the sausage from the casing and spread over the pork butt in an even layer. Roll up the pork butt and sausage into a cylinde <END>
INPUT: easter, golden, smoked ham, Dijon mustard, virgin olive oil, coarse breadcrumbs made
OUTPUT: TITLE: Easter Ham with Golden Breadcrumbs and Madeira Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 16-pound whole bone-in smoked ham; 2 cups (packed) dark brown sugar; 1/2 cup Dijon mustard; 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 3 cups coarse fresh breadcrumbs made from six 1/2"-thick slices rustic white bread; 3 cups Madeira; Special equipment: Cheesecloth | INSTRUCTIONS: Arrange a rack on lowest level of oven; preheat to 300°F. Without trimming fat, remove outer rind from most of ham, leaving a band around end of shank bone. Spacing cuts 3/4" apart to make a diamond pattern, score fat on top of ham crosswise and then lengthwise on a diagonal (do not cut into meat). Place ham in a large roasting pan. Pour 3 cups water into pan and roast ham for 2 hours. Meanwhile, stir brown sugar and mustard in a medium bowl until a thick paste forms; set aside. Heat oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Add breadcrumbs; toast, stirring often, until very crispy, 5-7 minutes <END>
INPUT: Italian, angel hair pasta, whipping cream, milk, dill, onions
OUTPUT: TITLE: Angel Hair Pasta with Smoked Salmon and Dill | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 6 ounces angel hair pasta; 1/2 cup whipping cream; 1/2 cup milk (do not use low-fat or nonfat); 1/4 cup chopped fresh dill; 1/4 cup chopped green onions; 1 1/2 tablespoons drained capers; 1 teaspoon grated lemon peel; 4 ounces thinly sliced smoked salmon, cut into thin strips | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook pasta in large pot of boiling salted water until just tender but still firm to bite. Drain well; return to same pot. Combine cream, milk, dill, onions, capers and lemon peel in heavy small saucepan. Bring to boil over medium-high heat. Add sauce to pasta; toss to coat. Add salmon and toss to combine. Season win salt and pepper and serve. Cook pasta in large pot of boiling salted water until just tender but still firm to bite. Drain well; return to same pot. Combine cream, milk, dill, onions, capers and lemon peel in heavy small saucepan. Bring to boil over medium-high heat. Add sauce to p <END>
INPUT: shots, bloody mary mix, packet unflavored gelatin, vodka, celery
OUTPUT: TITLE: Bloody Mary Gelatin Shots | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups bloody mary mix; One 1/4-ounce packet unflavored gelatin, such as Knox; 1 cup vodka; 5 stalks celery | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat the bloody mary mix in a saucepot until hot, 3 to 5 minutes. Add the gelatin, then whisk to combine. Allow to cool slightly, then add the vodka and stir to combine. Trim the celery sticks so they fit side-by-side in a casserole dish, then lay them flat with the curved side facing up. Pour the mixture over the celery, trying to keep as much of it inside the celery cavities as possible. Refrigerate until firm, at least 2 hours. Cut the celery into bite-size pieces and serve. <END>
INPUT: Indian, butter, ginger, garlic, curry powder, uncooked shrimp
OUTPUT: TITLE: Shrimp and Scallop Curry | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon butter; 2 tablespoons minced peeled fresh ginger; 4 large garlic cloves, minced; 1 tablespoon curry powder; 1 1/2 pounds uncooked large shrimp, peeled, deveined; 1 pound sea scallops; 6 green onions, chopped; 1 cup whipping cream; 1 teaspoon grated lemon peel; 1 1/2 cups long-grain white rice, freshly cooked; 1/2 cup chopped fresh cilantro | INSTRUCTIONS: Melt butter in heavy large skillet over medium-high heat. Add ginger and garlic and sauté until fragrant, about 2 minutes. Add curry powder; stir 1 minute. Add shrimp, scallops and green onions. Sauté just until shrimp turn pink, about 4 minutes. Add cream and lemon peel. Simmer until shrimp and scallops are just opaque in center and sauce thickens slightly, about 5 minutes. Season with salt and pepper. Mound rice in large shallow bowl. Top with seafood curry, then cilantro. Melt butter in heavy large skillet over medium-high heat. Add ginger and garlic and sauté until fragrant, about 2 minute <END>
INPUT: Mexican, cooler, cubed honeydew melon, lime sherbet, Tbs. lime juice, strawberries
OUTPUT: TITLE: Melon-Lime Cooler | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 4 1/2 cups cubed honeydew melon (about 1 small); 1 1/2 cups lime sherbet; 2 Tbs. lime juice; fresh strawberries (optional) | INSTRUCTIONS: Place melon cubes in a single layer on a baking sheet. Cover and freeze 30 minutes or until firm. Position knife blade in food processor bowl. Add frozen melon, sherbet, and lime juice. Process until smooth. Pour into glasses. Garnish with strawberries, if desired. Serve immediately. <END>
INPUT: brandied, cherry, rounded spoonfuls sugar, center pork chops, Salt pepper, virgin olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pork Chops with Brandied Cherry Sauce and Zucchini with Walnuts | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 (15-ounce) can whole black pitted cherries in natural juices, drained; 2 rounded spoonfuls sugar -- for fresh cherries only; 4 large boneless center-cut pork chops, 1 1/2 inches thick; Salt and pepper; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, 2 turns of the pan; 1 large shallot, finely chopped; Splash of brandy; 1/2 cup chicken stock; 2 tablespoons butter, cut into pieces; 3 tablespoons fresh mint leaves, finely chopped; 1/2 cup, chopped walnuts -- available in small pouches on baking aisle; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, 2 turns of the pan; 1 tablespoon butter, cut into small pieces; 3 medium zucchinis, sliced into disks, 1/-inch thick; 1/2 teaspoon nutmeg, freshly grated or ground | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat oven to 375 degrees F. Put cherries in a small bowl with the sugar. Heat a skillet with an oven safe handle over medium high to high heat or, cover a the handle of a rubber handled pan with tin foil and preheat over same setting. Season chops with salt and pepper. Add 1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil, 1 turn of the pan, to a hot skillet. Place chops in skillet and sear meat on both sides to caramelize the chops. Place a loose tin foil tent over the pan and transfer the chops to oven to finish off, 7 or 8 minutes, until meat is firm to touch, but not to <END>
INPUT: Italian, hot Italian sausage, olive oil, onion, garlic, bell pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Rigatoni with Hot Sausage and Fennel | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 pound hot Italian sausage, casings discarded; 1 tablespoon olive oil; 1/2 cup finely chopped onion; 1 large garlic, minced; 1 large red bell pepper, chopped (about 1 cup); 1 fennel bulb, sliced thin (about 2 cups); 1/3 cup dry white wine; 1/2 cup chicken broth; 1/4 cup heavy cream; 1/2 pound rigatoni or other tubular pasta; 1/4 cup minced fresh parsley leaves; freshly grated parmesan to taste | INSTRUCTIONS: In a heavy skillet cook the sausage over moderate heat, stirring and breaking up any lumps, until it is cooked through and transfer it with a slotted spoon to paper towels to drain. Add the oil to the skillet and in it cook the onion and the garlic over moderately low heat, stirring, until the onion is softened. Add the bell pepper and the fennel and cook the mixture over moderate heat, stirring occasionally, for 5 minutes, or until the bell pepper and fennel are softened. Add the wine and broth, bring the liquid to a boil, and simmer the mixture, covered, for 5 minutes. Add the cream and boil <END>
INPUT: gumbo, turkey, butter, all purpose flour, bacon renderings, celery
OUTPUT: TITLE: Turkey Gumbo | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound cooked turkey, white and dark meat; 1 1/2 sticks butter; 3/4 cup all-purpose flour; 1/4 cup bacon renderings; 3 ribs celery, chopped; 2 medium onions, chopped; 1 bell pepper, chopped; 8 cups chicken or turkey stock; 1 pound ham, diced; 1 pound canned tomatoes, rough chopped; 2 tablespoons file powder; 1 tablespoon minced garlic; 1 tablespoon mixed salt and ground pepper; 1 teaspoon crushed hot red chili peppers; 1 teaspoon fresh thyme leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: First, chop the cooked turkey into 1-inch pieces, or shred by hand, and reserve. Next, in a 3 to 4 gallon stockpot over medium heat, add the butter and melt. Next, add the flour into the butter and cook together, stirring until a dark roux has been achieved (think popcorn smell). Add the bacon renderings, celery, onions and bell peppers to the roux, cooking until the vegetables are softened. Next, pour a cup of the stock into the roux, mixing well to temper the roux. Then add the remaining stock and continue to cook for 30 minutes. Add the reserved turkey, the ham, file powder, garlic, salt an <END>
INPUT: Asian, stir, soy sauce, ginger, honey, wine vinegar, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken Ramen Stir-Fry | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1/3 cup soy sauce; 1 tablespoon grated ginger; 1 tablespoon honey; 1 tablespoon white wine vinegar; 2 cloves garlic, grated; 2 tablespoons canola oil; 4 boneless, skinless chicken thighs, sliced; 2 carrots; 3 packages ramen noodles (seasoning packets discarded); 1 cup sliced purple cabbage; 1 cup sliced yellow onion; 4 scallions, thinly sliced; Sriracha hot sauce, for serving; Lime wedges, for serving | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. In a medium bowl, whisk together the soy sauce, ginger, honey, vinegar, garlic and 1 tablespoon of the canola oil. Add the chicken and let marinate for 15 minutes. In the meantime, use a vegetable peeler to create ribbons from the carrots; there should be about 1 cup of carrot ribbons. Bring a medium pot of water to a boil, remove from the heat and add the ramen noodles; let sit for 2 minutes, then drain. Heat the remaining 1 tablespoon canola oil in a large skillet or wok. Remove the chicken from the marinade, reserving the marinade. Stir-fry the chicken in the  <END>
INPUT: American, cupcake, crumble, sugar, eggs, butter, orange juice, pure vanilla extract
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pumpkin Pie Cupcake, Vanilla Chantilly and Crumble | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups sugar; 4 eggs; 8 ounces butter, melted; 6 ounces orange juice; 2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract; 2 cups pumpkin puree; 2 teaspoons Saigon cinnamon; 1/2 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg; 1/4 teaspoon ground ginger; 3 cups flour; 1 teaspoon baking powder; 1 teaspoon baking soda; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 3/4 cup sour cream; Vanilla Chantilly, recipe follows | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the convection oven to 350 degrees F. Line a cupcake or muffin pan with regular-size cupcake liners. In a mixing bowl of a stand mixer fitted with a paddle attachment, mix the sugar and eggs until pale yellow. Add the melted butter, orange juice and vanilla. Then add the pumpkin puree. Add the cinnamon, nutmeg and ginger to the mixing bowl, and combine thoroughly. In a separate bowl, combine the flour, baking powder, baking soda and salt. Add the dry ingredients and the sour cream to the egg mixture, alternating between the dry ingredients and the sour cream. Fill the prepared cupcake  <END>
INPUT: Mexican, salsa, tuna steaks, Salt pepper, pineapple, papaya
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Tuna with Hot Pineapple-Papaya Salsa | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: Cooking spray; 4 tuna steaks (about 5 ounces each); Salt and freshly cracked black pepper; 1 cup diced pineapple; 1 ripe papaya, peeled, seeded and diced; 1/4 cup minced red onion; 1 serrano chile pepper, seeded and minced; 2 tablespoons fresh lime juice; 2 tablespoons freshly chopped cilantro leaves; 1 teaspoon hot chili oil; 8 ounces somen noodles, cooked according to package directions | INSTRUCTIONS: Coat a stove-top grill pan or griddle with cooking spray and set over medium-high heat to preheat. Season both sides of tuna with salt and cracked pepper. Place tuna on hot pan and cook 2 to 3 minutes per side for medium doneness. Meanwhile, in a medium bowl, combine pineapple, papaya, onion, chile pepper, lime juice, cilantro, and chili oil. Mix well and season, to taste, with salt. Serve tuna over noodles and spoon salsa over top. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, mediterranean, samosas, onion, apple, gari, sugar, cumin
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mediterranean Chicken Samosas with Apple Cumin Chutney | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 white onion, diced; 1 green apple, peeled and cored; 1 tablespoon gari, chopped; 1 tablespoon brown sugar; 1 teaspoon ground cumin; Salt and pepper; Plain yogurt; Vegetable oil; 1 pound chicken thighs, ground; 3/4 cup finely diced white onion (about 1/2 onion); 3/4 tablespoon garlic puree (about 2 cloves); 1 tablespoon ground cumin; 1/2 teaspoon chili flakes; 1 cup grated Asiago cheese; 1/4 bunch fresh sage leaves, julienned | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. For the chutney: In a saucepan over medium heat, sweat the onions until softened, about 4 minutes. Add the green apples and reduce the heat to low and cook until the apples soften, about 5 minutes. Add the gari, sugar, cumin, and salt and pepper to taste. Once completely softened, it only takes a couple minutes, puree everything in a food processor. Set aside to cool. Once the mixture is cooled, add equal parts yogurt and puree again. The chutney can be refrigerated for up to 4 days. For the samosas: In a preheated saucepan over medium-high heat, add a little bit <END>
INPUT: wild, shiitake oyster mushrooms, beans, cornstarch, vegetable oil, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Green Beans with Wild Mushrooms | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 ounces fresh shiitake or oyster mushrooms; 1 pound green beans; 2 teaspoons cornstarch; 1 tablespoon vegetable oil; 2 teaspoons minced garlic; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1 tablespoon oyster sauce; 1/2 cup chicken broth | INSTRUCTIONS: Rinse the mushrooms in cold water and drain. Remove and discard the stems. Cut the caps into 1-inch strips. Rinse the green beans in cold water and drain. Snap off the ends. In a small bowl, mix the cornstarch and 2 teaspoons cold water. Heat a wok over high heat. Add the vegetable oil and rotate the wok to coat the sides. Add the garlic, green beans, and salt and stir-fry for 1 minute. Add the mushrooms and continue to stir-fry until mixed. Stir in the oyster sauce. Stir in the chicken broth and heat to boiling. Stir in the cornstarch mixture; cook and stir until thickened, about 30 seconds.  <END>
INPUT: moroccan, tabbouleh, bulgur, lemon juice, flatleaf parsley, tomato, olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Moroccan Lamb with Tabbouleh and Crispy Garlic | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup bulgur; 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice; 3 tablespoons finely chopped flatleaf parsley; 2 tablespoons finely diced tomato; 2 tablespoons olive oil; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 pound lamb shank or shoulder; 1 cup chopped onions; 1/2 cup chopped carrots; 1/2 cup chopped celery; 3 tablespoons fresh thyme leaves; 2 cups dry red wine; Vegetable oil; 2 cloves garlic, sliced paper thin | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. Add the bulgur to a large pot of lightly salted boiling water. Reduce the heat and simmer the bulgur for 10 to 12 minutes or until just tender. Drain the bulgur in a colander. Allow to cool and then transfer to a small shallow bowl. 2. Add the lemon juice, parsley, tomato, and 1 tablespoon of the olive oil and toss until all the grains are coated with the dressing. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Cover and refrigerate. 3. Preheat the oven to 350°F. 4. Heat the remaining 1 tablespoon olive oil in a medium-sized, heavy-bottomed casserole or Dutch oven over medium-high heat. When the oil <END>
INPUT: American, bearnaise, sauce, sirloin steak, kosher salt, pepper, wine Chardonnay, Tbs. wine vinegar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sirloin Steak with Bearnaise Sauce | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 lbs. boneless sirloin steak, 1-inch thick; kosher salt; freshly ground black pepper; 1 cup dry white wine such as Chardonnay; 2 Tbs. white wine vinegar; 1 small shallot, minced; 1 Tbs. olive oil; 6 Tbs. unsalted butter (1 Tbs. set aside and the remaining 5 Tbs. cut into small pieces and chilled); 2 Tbs. finely chopped fresh tarragon | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. Season steak on both sides with salt and pepper and refrigerate. Combine wine, vinegar and shallot in a small saucepan and bring to a boil. Reduce heat to medium-low and simmer until mixture is reduced to two tablespoons, 15-20 minutes. Meanwhile, heat a large, heavy, ovenproof skillet over medium-high heat. When it's hot, add oil and reserved tablespoon of butter. When butter is melted, add steak and sear for one minute. Reduce heat and continue to cook until the first side is golden brown and beginning to crisp, about three minutes longer. Turn the steak with t <END>
INPUT: pudding, bacon, butter, onion, sweet corn, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sweet Corn Pudding | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup chopped bacon; 2 tablespoons butter; 1 cup chopped onion; 4 ears sweet corn, kernels removed; 1 1/2 teaspoons salt; 1/4 teaspoon cayenne pepper; 6 eggs; 2 cups heavy cream; 1 cup milk; 1/4 teaspoon fresh ground pepper; 1/8 teaspoon nutmeg; 1/2 cup grated Parmesan; 1/2 cup yellow cornmeal | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F. In a saute pan, over a low flame, place the chopped bacon and cook until it's crisp. Remove it from the pan, reserving the fat. Add the butter to it and saute the onions until translucent. Add the corn kernels, salt, and cayenne pepper and saute a few minutes more to cook the corn. Remove from the heat. In a bowl, whisk the eggs well then add the cream and milk and whisk some more until well combined. Add the pepper, nutmeg, Parmesan, and cornmeal and whisk to combine. Stir in the bacon, onion, and corn mixture and pour into a greased 6-cup casserole dish. Bake a <END>
INPUT: Asian, dumplings, eggs, pork, slice bacon, napa cabbage, chives
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fried Pork Dumplings | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 2 large eggs; 1/2 pound ground pork; 1 slice bacon, finely chopped; 1/2 cup finely chopped napa cabbage; 1/2 cup minced fresh chives (about 2 small bunches); 1 1/2 teaspoons finely grated peeled ginger; 1 teaspoon toasted sesame oil; Kosher salt; 1/2 teaspoon sugar; 1 clove garlic, finely grated; 1/2 teaspoon soy sauce; 1/2 teaspoon cornstarch; 36 round dumpling wrappers, thawed if frozen; 6 tablespoons vegetable oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Lightly beat 1 egg in a large bowl. Add the pork, bacon, cabbage, chives, ginger, sesame oil, 1/2 teaspoon salt, the sugar, garlic, soy sauce and cornstarch; mix with your hands until combined. Lightly beat the remaining egg in a small bowl with 1 tablespoon water. Set 1 dumpling wrapper on a clean surface (keep the rest covered with a damp paper towel so they don't dry out). Scoop 1 heaping teaspoonful of the pork mixture onto the center of the wrapper. Dab a finger into the egg mixture and brush along the edges of the wrapper. Fold the wrapper in half and press the edges together to seal, th <END>
INPUT: all purpose flour, sugar, baking powder, salt, pumpkin
OUTPUT: TITLE: Orange Pumpkin Pancakes with Vanilla Whipped Cream, Cinnamon Maple Syrup and Thick-Cut Bacon | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups all-purpose flour; 3/4 cup sugar; 1 heaping teaspoon baking powder; 1/2 teaspoon salt, plus a pinch for egg whites; 7 1/2 ounces canned pumpkin; 3/4 cup milk4 eggs, separated; 1 orange, zested and juiced; Butter, for cooking pancakes; Powdered sugar, for dusting; Cinnamon Maple Syrup, for serving, recipe follows; Vanilla Whipped Cream, for serving, recipe follows; Thick-Cut Bacon, for serving, recipe follows; 1 cup grade B maple syrup; 1 cinnamon stick; 1 1/2 cups heavy cream, chilled | INSTRUCTIONS: Sift together the flour, sugar, baking powder and salt in a large bowl. Combine the pumpkin, milk, egg yolks, orange juice and zest in another bowl, mixing until homogenous. Make a well in the dry ingredients. Pour the wet ingredients into the well and mix until combined. Preheat the griddle. Beat the egg whites with a pinch salt in a separate bowl, using a whisk or electric mixer, until the whites form stiff peaks. Fold the egg whites into the batter in thirds. Do this quickly and gently, so the pancakes will be light and fluffy. Melt small pats of butter onto the griddle, and then spread the <END>
INPUT: French, salad, chicken, good quality mayonnaise, sour cream, tarragon, grapes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tarragon Chicken Salad Tea Sandwiches | CUISINE: French | INGREDIENTS: 4 cups cooked and shredded chicken (I roasted 2.5 pounds of bone-in breasts); 1/2 cup good-quality mayonnaise (I prefer Duke's or homemade); 1/4 cup sour cream; 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh tarragon (or more to taste); 1/2 cup chopped red grapes; 1/4 cup coarsely chopped pecans; Salt and pepper, to taste; Sliced whole wheat bread, for sandwiches | INSTRUCTIONS: In a medium bowl mix chicken, mayonnaise, sour cream, and tarragon until well combined. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Fold in grapes and pecans. Chill for at least one hour. Check seasoning again and adjust, if desired. The chicken salad can be made at least 24 hours in advance. Scoop chicken salad onto a slice of bread. Top with another slice of bread. Cut off crusts, then cut sandwich into desired shape (rectangles, triangles, or rounds). <END>
INPUT: jiffy, cake, walnuts, sugar, sifted all purpose, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Black Walnut Jiffy Cake | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup black walnuts* (about 4 ounces); 2 sticks (1 cup) unsalted butter; 2 cups sugar; 2 cups sifted all-purpose flour (sift before measuring); 1/4 teaspoon salt; 1 teaspoon lemon extract; 1 teaspoon vanilla; 5 large eggs; *available by mail order from American Spoon Foods, tel. (800) 222-5886 | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350°F. and butter and flour a 10 x 4-inch (4-quart) tube pan. Coarsely chop walnuts. In a large bowl with an electric mixer cream butter with sugar until light and fluffy. On low speed add flour, salt, and walnuts, beating until combined well, and beat in lemon extract and vanilla. Add eggs 1 at a time, beating well after each addition, and beat batter on high speed 5 minutes. Pour batter into tube pan and bake in middle of oven 1 1/4 hours. Cool cake in pan on a rack 30 minutes. Turn cake out onto rack and cool completely. Preheat oven to 350°F. and butter and flour a 10 x 4-i <END>
INPUT: breasts, sauce, Muscovy duck breast, shallots, low salt chicken, orange juice, Earl Grey tea
OUTPUT: TITLE: Duck Breasts with Orange, Honey and Tea Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 boneless Muscovy duck breast halves (about 1 3/4 pounds total); 3/4 cup chopped shallots; 2 1/4 cups canned low-salt chicken broth; 1 1/2 cups orange juice; 4 1/2 teaspoons Earl Grey tea leaves or 5 tea bags, leaves removed from bags; 1 tablespoon honey; 3 tablespoons butter, cut into small pieces; Orange segments (optional) | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 450°F. Pierce skin of duck breasts all over with fork. Sprinkle duck with salt and pepper. Heat heavy large skillet over high heat. Add duck breasts, skin side down, to skillet. Cook until skin is well browned, about 4 minutes. Turn duck breasts over; cook 2 minutes. Remove from heat. Set rack in roasting pan. Transfer duck breasts to rack (reserve drippings in skillet). Roast duck to desired doneness, about 20 minutes for medium-rare. Meanwhile, heat drippings in skillet over medium heat. Add shallots and sauté until beginning to brown, about 5 minutes. Tilt skillet; push shal <END>
INPUT: kale, boiling potatoes, heavy cream
OUTPUT: TITLE: Kale and Potato Purée | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 pounds kale, stems and center ribs discarded and leaves chopped; 1 1/2 pounds large boiling potatoes; 2 cups heavy cream | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook kale in a pot of boiling salted water (1 1/2 tablespoons salt for 4 quarts water), uncovered, until tender, about 7 minutes. Drain kale, then immediately transfer to an ice bath to stop cooking. When kale is cool, drain but do not squeeze. While kale cooks, peel potatoes and cut into 1/2-inch pieces. Simmer in cream with 1/2 teaspoon salt and 1/4 teaspoon pepper in a heavy medium saucepan, covered, stirring occasionally, until tender, 15 to 20 minutes. Purée potato mixture with kale in 2 batches in a food processor until just smooth (use caution when blending hot liquids). Transfer to a 4 <END>
INPUT: Italian, gnocchi, tomatoes, russet potato, kosher salt, pepper, egg, all purpose flour
OUTPUT: TITLE: Gnocchi with Tomatoes, Basil and Olives | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: One 1-pound russet potato, baked and cooled (see Cook's Note); 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt; 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 1 large egg, beaten; 1/4 cup all-purpose flour, plus extra for dusting; 1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil; 3/4 cup kalamata or green olives, pitted and halved; 1 1/2 cups tomato-basil sauce, such as Giada De Laurentiis for Target; 3/4 cup grated Parmesan; 1/2 packed cup fresh basil leaves, chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Cut the baked potato in half and scoop the flesh into a large bowl; discard the skin. Using a fork mash the potato, salt and pepper together until smooth. Mix in 3 tablespoons of the egg (reserve the remaining egg for another use). Sprinkle the flour over the potato mixture. Stir until the mixture forms a dough. Knead until smooth, 30 seconds. On a lightly floured work surface, divide the dough into 4 equal pieces. Roll each piece between your palms and the work surface into a 1/2-inch-diameter rope (about 20 inches long). Cut the dough into 1-inch pieces. Roll e <END>
INPUT: Asian, poppers, imitation crab meat, cream cheese, sriracha sauce, onion, mushrooms
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mushroom Poppers | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 10 ounces imitation crab meat, shredded; 6 ounces cream cheese; 1/2 cup plus 2 tablespoons sriracha sauce, such as Huy Fong; 2 stalks green onion, diced; 20 medium to large white mushrooms, stems removed; Vegetable oil, for frying; One 10-ounce box tempura batter mix; 1/4 cup plus 2 tablespoons soy sauce; 1 tablespoon oyster sauce; 1 1/2 teaspoons onion powder; 1 cup corn syrup; 2 tablespoons black sesame seeds, toasted; 2 tablespoons white sesame seeds, toasted | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: a deep-fry thermometer For the stuffed mushrooms: Mix the imitation crab meat, cream cheese, sriracha sauce and three quarters of the diced green onions in a large bowl. Make sure the mixture is well combined to avoid pockets of cream cheese or sriracha sauce. Stuff the mushroom caps with the crab mixture making sure the mixture is packed together tightly. Do not be afraid to overstuff the mushrooms. Fill a medium saucepan or wok 3 inches deep with oil and heat to 325 degrees F. Divide the tempura batter mix between 2 bowls. In one bowl, add cold water according to the manuf <END>
INPUT: southern, onion, garlic, cider vinegar, collard greens, mustard greens
OUTPUT: TITLE: Southern Greens | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup diced onion; 2 cloves garlic, minced; 1 ounce cider vinegar; 2 bunches collard greens, stems removed; 1 bunch mustard greens, stems removed; 1 teaspoon molasses; 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce; 1 tablespoon hot sauce (recommended: Tabasco); Salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: In a saute pan over medium heat, cook the onions, garlic, and vinegar until the liquid has reduced by half. Add the greens, molasses, Worcestershire, hot sauce, 1 cup water, and salt and pepper. Cover with wax or parchment paper and simmer until the greens are tender, about 30 minutes. Adjust seasoning if needed. This recipe was provided by professional chefs and has been scaled down from a bulk recipe provided by a restaurant. The Food Network Kitchens chefs have not tested this recipe, in the proportions indicated, and therefore, we cannot make any representation as to the results. <END>
INPUT: Asian, dengaku, sake, miso, sugar, yuzu peel, shiso leaf
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tofu Dengaku | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons sake, divided; 1/4 cup white miso; 7 teaspoons sugar, divided; 1/2 teaspoon finely grated yuzu peel (optional); 1 tablespoon chopped shiso leaf (optional); 1/4 cup red miso; 4 cups water; 1 3 x 5-inch piece dashi-kombu (dried seaweed); 1 cup dried shaved bonito flakes; 1/3 cup light soy sauce; 1/3 cup mirin (sweet Japanese rice wine); 20 ounces extra-firm tofu, well drained; 20 6- to 8-inch-long wooden skewers; Toasted sesame seeds | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring 1 1/2 tablespoons sake just to boil in small saucepan. Remove from heat. Mix in white miso and 1 teaspoon sugar. Mix in yuzu and shiso, if desired. Set white miso sauce aside. Bring remaining 1 1/2 tablespoons sake just to boil in another small saucepan. Remove from heat. Mix in red miso and remaining 6 teaspoons sugar. Set red miso sauce aside. Combine 4 cups water and dashi-kombu in medium saucepan. Bring just to simmer over high heat, then immediately remove broth from heat (to prevent dashi-kombu from becoming bitter). Add bonito; let stand until bonito settles at bottom of pan, abou <END>
INPUT: Asian, vegetable, soup, chicken wings, low salt chicken, carrots, onions, celery
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken, Vegetable, and Dumpling Soup | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 7 1/2 pounds chicken wings; 6 1/2 quarts low-salt chicken broth (preferably organic); 8 large carrots, thickly sliced, plus 2 cups 1/2-inch cubes; 3 large onions, peeled, quartered; 6 large celery stalks, thickly sliced, plus 2 1/2 cups 1/2-inch-thick slices; 4 large parsnips, thickly sliced, plus 2 1/2 cups 1/2-inch cubes; 2 whole medium leeks, halved lengthwise, rinsed, thickly sliced crosswise, plus 2 1/2 cups 1/2-inch-thick slices of white and pale green parts; 1 1/2 cups plus 2/3 cup chopped fresh Italian parsley; 3 tablespoons chopped thyme, divided; 1 1/2 teaspoons whole black peppercorns; 8 large whole allspice; 3 fresh bay leaves; 3 1/2 to 3 3/4 pounds large chicken breast halves with skin and bones (4 to 5); 6 tablespoons all purpose flour; Fresh-Herb Dumplings | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine chicken wings, broth, sliced carrots, onions, thickly sliced celery, sliced parsnips, thickly sliced leeks, 1 1/2 cups parsley, 1 1/2 tablespoons thyme, peppercorns, allspice, and bay leaves in 14- to 16-quart pot. Bring to simmer over high heat. Add chicken breast halves, skin side down, and push to submerge. Simmer until chicken breasts are just cooked through, turning once and adjusting heat to maintain gentle simmer, 20 to 25 minutes. Transfer chicken breasts to rimmed baking sheet; continue to simmer broth. Cool chicken 20 minutes. Remove skin and pull all meat from bones (reserve <END>
INPUT: icebox, cake, heavy cream, cream coconut, gingersnap cookies, unsweetened coconut flakes, mango
OUTPUT: TITLE: Gingersnap-Mango Icebox Cake | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cups cold heavy cream; 1/2 cup cream of coconut; 30 gingersnap cookies (about half of a 16-ounce package); 1/2 cup unsweetened coconut flakes; 1 large mango; Juice of 1/2 lime; 1 tablespoon sugar; Kosher salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Beat the heavy cream in a large bowl with a mixer on medium-high speed until stiff peaks form, about 3 minutes. Fold in the cream of coconut until just incorporated. Spread about 1 heaping teaspoon of the coconut whipped cream onto each gingersnap. Press the cookies together on their sides to form a 12-inch-long log on a serving platter. Cover the log with the remaining coconut whipped cream. Cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate at least 6 hours or overnight. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Spread the coconut flakes in a single layer on a baking sheet and bake until just golden, about 5  <END>
INPUT: American, mini, calzones, ricotta cheese, Mexican cheese blend, olives, Italian seasoning, Flour
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mini Cheese and Olive Calzones | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup ricotta cheese; 1/4 cup shredded Mexican cheese blend; 1/4 cup chopped black olives; 1 teaspoon Italian seasoning; Flour, for dusting; 1 (8-ounce) can refrigerated crescent-shaped dinner rolls | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F. In a medium bowl, combine cheeses, olives, and Italian seasoning. On a floured surface, unroll crescent dough in 1 piece. Roll out to a 16 by 8-inch rectangle. Using a pizza cutter, slice into 8 (4 by 4-inch) squares. Place 2 tablespoons of filling on half of each square. Lightly moisten the edges with water, fold dough over, and seal, pressing with fork tines. Using the points of the fork, pierce vents into top of each calzone. Place on a greased baking sheet and bake for 20 minutes or until golden. Serve hot. <END>
INPUT: stew, bacon cubed, canola other neutral, garlic, beef chuck round
OUTPUT: TITLE: Beef Stew with Bacon | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 pound of bacon- cubed; 2 tablespoons canola or other neutral oil, or olive oil; 1 clove garlic, lightly crushed; 1 tablespoon minced garlic; 2 to 2 1/2 pounds beef chuck or round, trimmed of surface fat and cut into 1 to 1 1/2inch cubes; Salt and freshly ground black pepper to taste; 2 large or 3 medium onions, cut into eighths; 3 tablespoons flour; 3 cups chicken, beef, or vegetable stock, or water, or wine, or a combination; 1 bay leaf; 1 teaspoon fresh thyme leaves or 1/2 teaspoon dried thyme; 4 mediumtolarge potatoes, peeled and cut into 1inch chunks; 4 large carrots, peeled and cut into 1inch chunks; 1 cup fresh or frozen (thawed) peas; Minced fresh parsley leaves for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat a large casserole or deep skillet that can later be covered over mediumhigh heat for 2 or 3 minutes add bacon stirring until crisp, remove with a slotted spoon and reserve, leave bacon drippings in pan (if desired); add the oil and the crushed garlic clove; cook, stirring, for I minute, then remove and discard the garlic. Add the meat chunks to the skillet a few at a time, turning to brown well on all sides. Do not crowd or they will not brown properly; cook them in batches if necessary. (You may find it easier to do the initial browning in the oven: Preheat to 500 degrees and roast the m <END>
INPUT: gratin, broccoli, cauliflower, all purpose flour, half half
OUTPUT: TITLE: Broccoli and Cauliflower Gratin | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 stick (4 tablespoons) unsalted butter, plus extra at room temperature for greasing the baking dish; 1 head broccoli, cut into florets; 1 head cauliflower, cut into florets; 1/4 cup all-purpose flour; 2 cups half-and-half; 2 cups shredded sharp white Cheddar, divided; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1/2 cup dry breadcrumbs | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F. Grease a large baking dish with butter and add the broccoli and cauliflower. Roast until slightly browned, about 15 minutes. In a medium saucepan, melt the butter, whisk in the flour and let it cook over medium heat for 3 minutes. Turn the heat off, whisk in the half-and-half, then turn the heat up to high and keep whisking to avoid the flour from clumping. Add the Cheddar, salt and pepper and whisk until the cheese is melted. Remove the broccoli and cauliflower from the oven and pour the Cheddar mixture over the top. Sprinkle e <END>
INPUT: Italian, herbs, spaghetti squash, unsalted butter, onions, mushrooms, parsley leaves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spaghetti Squash with Mushrooms and Herbs | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: a 2- to 2 1/2-pound spaghetti squash, halved lengthwise, reserving 1 half for another use; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1/4 cup finely chopped onions; 1 cup thinly sliced mushrooms; 2 tablespoons minced fresh parsley leaves; 1 tablespoon minced fresh chives; 1/4 cup freshly grated Parmesan | INSTRUCTIONS: Wrap the squash half in microwave-safe plastic wrap and microwave it, cut side up, at high power (100%) for 10 to 12 minutes, or until it feels soft when pressed. Let the squash stand for 5 minutes. In a small microwave-safe dish combine the butter, the onion, and the mushroom and microwave the mixture at high power (100%), stirring once, for 5 minutes, or until the mushrooms are tender. Discard the squash seeds, scrape the flesh with a fork into a bowl, and toss it with the mushroom mixture, the parsley, the chives, the Parmesan, and salt and pepper to taste. Wrap the squash half in microwave <END>
INPUT: Mexican, sauce, poblano peppers, unsalted butter, onion, tomatillos, vegetable broth
OUTPUT: TITLE: Green Chile-Tomatillo Sauce | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 6 poblano peppers, halved, seeded and deveined; 1 tablespoon unsalted butter; 1/2 medium yellow onion, finely chopped; 10 tomatillos, husked and rinsed under cool water; 6 cups vegetable broth; 1 medium-ripe pear, peeled and cored; One 14-ounce can green chiles; 1/2 bunch fresh cilantro, tough ends discarded; 1 1/2 teaspoons ground white pepper; 2 cups heavy cream; 1 cup sour cream | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Place the poblano halves on a baking sheet and roast until they begin to shrivel, about 20 minutes. Transfer the roasted poblanos to a food processor and puree until smooth. Heat the butter in a medium skillet over medium-high heat. Add the onion, reduce the heat to medium, and cook, stirring often, until the onion is soft and golden, 4 to 5 minutes. Transfer the onion to a plate and set aside to cool. Bring a medium saucepan of water to a simmer. Add the tomatillos and blanch them until they turn vibrant in color and the center of the largest one is easily p <END>
INPUT: tart, sheet puff pastry, plum tomatoes, virgin olive oil, thyme, Parmigiano Reggiano shavings
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted-Tomato Tart | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 sheet frozen puff pastry (from a 17 1/4-oz package), thawed; 2 lb plum tomatoes (8 large), halved lengthwise; 2 tablespoons plus 2 teaspoons extra-virgin olive oil; 3 1/2 teaspoons finely chopped fresh thyme; 1/2 cup Parmigiano-Reggiano shavings plus additional for garnish (1 1/4 oz; from a 6- to 8-oz piece) | INSTRUCTIONS: Put oven racks in middle and lower third of oven and preheat oven to 400°F. Line a large shallow baking pan with foil. Roll out pastry sheet on a lightly floured surface with a lightly floured rolling pin into an 11-inch square (1/8 inch thick). Using a plate or pot lid as a guide, cut out a 10-inch round. Carefully transfer round to an ungreased baking sheet by rolling pastry around rolling pin and then unrolling onto baking sheet. Chill round on baking sheet until ready to use. Toss tomatoes with 2 tablespoons oil, 2 teaspoons thyme, 1/4 teaspoon salt, and 1/4 teaspoon pepper in a bowl until <END>
INPUT: Italian, sauce, butter, bell peppers, garlic, cayenne pepper, whipping cream
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fettuccine with Sweet Pepper-Cayenne Sauce | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons butter; 2 large red bell peppers, cut into 1/4-inch-thick strips; 3 garlic cloves, minced; 3/4 teaspoon cayenne pepper; 1 cup whipping cream; 3/4 cup canned low-salt chicken broth; 3/4 cup grated Parmesan cheese; 12 ounces fettuccine; 1 cup frozen green peas; 1/2 cup chopped fresh basil | INSTRUCTIONS: Melt butter in heavy large skillet over medium heat. Add bell peppers, garlic and cayenne; stir to blend. Cover skillet; cook until peppers are tender, stirring occasionally, about 7 minutes. Uncover; add cream and broth and simmer until liquid is slightly thickened, about 5 minutes. Stir in 1/2 cup Parmesan. Remove from heat. Meanwhile, cook fettuccine in large pot of boiling salted water until just tender but still firm to bite. Add peas to pot. Drain. Return fettuccine and peas to pot. Add bell pepper mixture and basil; toss. Season with salt and pepper. Transfer to large bowl. Sprinkle wit <END>
INPUT: lemon, virgin olive oil, Broccolini, lemon wedges
OUTPUT: TITLE: Broccolini with Lemon Oil | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 large lemon; 1/3 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 3 lb Broccolini (6 bunches), trimmed and thick stalks halved lengthwise; Accompaniment: lemon wedges | INSTRUCTIONS: Remove zest from lemon in 1-inch-wide strips with a vegetable peeler. Cut off any white pith from zest with a small sharp knife. Halve lemon and set aside. Heat oil and zest in a 5-quart wide heavy pot over moderate heat until zest is golden, about 3 minutes. Remove from heat and discard zest, reserving oil in pot. Cook Broccolini in an 8- to 10-quart pot two-thirds full of boiling salted water , uncovered, until crisp-tender, 5 to 7 minutes. Drain well in a large colander. Reheat lemon oil over moderately high heat until hot but not smoking. Add Broccolini and cook, tossing, until coated well <END>
INPUT: American, rugelach, curd cottage cheese, margarine, all purpose flour, walnuts
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cottage Cheese Rugelach with Walnuts | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2/3 cup small-curd cottage cheese; 2/3 cup plus 3 tablespoons stick margarine, room temperature; 1 1/3 cups all purpose flour; 1/2 cup (packed) golden brown sugar; 1/2 cup chopped walnuts (about 2 ounces); 1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract; 1 egg; 2 tablespoons milk | INSTRUCTIONS: Mix cheese and 2/3 cup margarine in medium bowl. Stir in flour. Knead in bowl until dough is smooth, about 1 minute. Divide dough into 2 balls. Flatten into disks. Wrap each in plastic; freeze until firm enough to roll, about 10 minutes. Meanwhile, combine brown sugar, walnuts, cinnamon, vanilla and 3 tablespoons margarine in processor. Blend until almost smooth paste forms. Preheat oven to 350°F. Roll out 1 dough disk on lightly floured surface to 10-inch round. Spread half of brown sugar mixture evenly over. Cut round into 16 wedges. Starting at wide ends, roll up wedges. Bend ends in, formi <END>
INPUT: Asian, green, Canola oil deep, Chinese long beans, ginger, garlic, chilies
OUTPUT: TITLE: Deep Fried Green Beans | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: Canola oil for deep frying; 3 cups Chinese long beans, cut into 3-inch pieces; 1 tablespoon fresh ginger, minced; 1 tablespoon garlic, minced; 4 dried red chilies; 1 tablespoon dark soy sauce; 1 tablespoon rice wine; 1/2 tablespoon sesame oil; Salt and black pepper to taste | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat oil to 350 degrees. Deep fry long beans, in batches, until they are wrinkled, 3 to 4 minutes. Heat 1 tablespoon of canola oil in a wok. Add ginger, garlic and chilies and quickly stir-fry. Remove the chilies. Add the beans back into the wok and mix with soy sauce, rice wine and sesame oil. Check for seasoning and salt and pepper as needed. <END>
INPUT: virgin olive oil, pancetta bacon, chicken stock, milk, quick polenta
OUTPUT: TITLE: Polenta with Peas and Pancetta | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil; 2 to 3 slices pancetta cut as thick as bacon, chopped; 1 1/2 cups chicken stock; 3/4 cup milk; 3/4 cup quick cooking polenta; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 cup frozen peas; A couple handfuls grated Parmigiano-Reggiano | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat the oil in sauce pot over medium-high heat. Add pancetta and cook until crisp, 5 minutes then remove to a plate. Add the liquids to the sauce pot and bring to boil. Whisk polenta into the liquid and continue to whisk 2 to 3 minutes to thicken. Season with salt and pepper and stir in peas to heat through 1 minute more. Remove from heat, stir in cheese and adjust seasoning. Garnish with pancetta. <END>
INPUT: American, pleasin, quince, canola oil, eggs, half half, all purpose flour, huckleberry seasoning
OUTPUT: TITLE: Kid Pleasin' Fried Chicken and Quince Jelly over Macaroni and Cheese and Mashed Potatoes | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 liter canola oil; 3 to 6 whole eggs, as needed; 1 to 2 cups half-and-half, as needed; 2 cups all-purpose flour, or as needed; 1/2 cup huckleberry seasoning; 2 cups panko bread crumbs, or as needed; 8 skin-on chicken breasts; 1/4 cup chopped chives, for garnish; 16-ounce package elbow macaroni; 1/2 cup butter; 1 cup chopped white onion; 1/2 cup all-purpose flour; 1/2 to 1 cup chicken broth; 1/2 cup heavy cream; 2 cups shredded Cheddar | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring 2 pots of water to aboil, 1 each for the pasta and potatoes. For the Chicken: Heat oil in a deep-fat fryer, then set up a breading station. Whisk together 3 eggs and a cup of the half-and-half for the egg wash. (Begin with this amount and whisk more together if needed.) Combine flour and huckleberry seasoning. Set up a bowl, each of: flour mixture, egg wash, and bread crumbs. Evenly coat chicken with flour (not too much or bread crumbs won't stick). Dip floured chicken into egg wash, then into bread crumbs. Preheat oven to 325 degrees F. In a deep-fat fryer, lightly fry chicken until gol <END>
INPUT: wine vinegar, sugar, peanut vegetable oil, sack, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Oil and Vinegar Slaw | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup red wine vinegar; 2 tablespoons sugar; 2 tablespoons peanut or vegetable oil, eyeball it; 1 sack, 16 ounces, shredded cabbage mix for slaw salads; 1 teaspoon salt; Salt and pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Mix vinegar and sugar. Add oil. Add cabbage to dressing and season with salt and pepper. Toss with fingers to combine. Adjust seasoning. Let stand 20 minutes. Re-toss and serve.; <END>
INPUT: Mexican, dressing, tequila, wine vinegar, Juice limes, Lemon Oil, shallots
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tequila-Lime Chicken with Cilantro Dressing | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 cup tequila; 1/4 cup white wine vinegar; Juice of 3 limes; 1/2 cup Lemon Oil, recipe follows; 5 large shallots, peeled and chopped; 1 cup chopped fresh cilantro plus 1 large bunch cilantro, leaves only; 2 teaspoons minced garlic; 1 1/2 pounds boneless chicken breasts, trimmed of all fat; Coarse salt and freshly ground pepper to taste; 1/2 cup canola oil; 2 cups vegetable oil; Shells of 4 lemons that have already been juiced; Few sprigs fresh thyme | INSTRUCTIONS: If using wooden skewers, soak in water for at least an hour. In a small nonreactive container, combine 1/2 cup of the tequila with the vinegar and lime juice. Whisk in the Lemon Oil. When well emulsified, stir in the shallots, chopped cilantro, and 1 teaspoon of the minced garlic. Pour into a nonreactive, shallow container large enough to hold the prepared skewers. Set aside. Using a very sharp knife, slice the chicken into 30 strips about 1/4-inch thick and 2 inches long. Thread the strips onto the soaked skewers and place them into the marinade, leaving as much of the skewer exposed as possi <END>
INPUT: Asian, martini, vodka, Ginger Syrup, lime juice, Candied ginger lime, lemon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Ginger Martini | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 3 ounces vodka; 1/2 to 1 ounce Ginger Syrup, recipe follows; 1/2 teaspoon freshly squeezed lime juice; Candied ginger and lime twist, for garnish; 1 lemon; 2 cups coarsely chopped fresh ginger with peel (about 8 ounces); 1 cup sugar; 2 cups water | INSTRUCTIONS: Fill a cocktail shaker or small pitcher with ice. Add the vodka, ginger syrup, and lime juice. Cover and shake vigorously, or stir, until combined and chilled, about 30 seconds. (In general, by the time the shaker mists up the drink is ready.) Strain into a chilled cocktail glass. Add twist and serve. Remove the outer peel of the lemon with a vegetable peeler, taking care not to include too much of the bitter white pith. Finely chop the lemon peel and ginger in a food processor. Transfer the lemon-ginger mixture to a medium saucepan, add the sugar and water and bring to a boil. Reduce heat, an <END>
INPUT: sugared, egg whites, salt, sugar, cinnamon, nutmeg
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cinnamon Sugared Pecans | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 egg whites; 1 teaspoon salt; 2 cups sugar; 4 teaspoons cinnamon; 2 teaspoons nutmeg; 1/2 teaspoon ginger; 1/4 teaspoon ground cloves; 1/4 teaspoon allspice; 1/2 pound pecans | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 300 degrees. Beat egg whites lightly with salt. Sift together sugar, cinnamon, nutmeg, ginger, cloves, and allspice and mix well. Add pecans to egg whites and coat completely. Transfer pecans from which excess egg whites have dripped off to cinnamon sugar mixture. Coat pecans completely and place on parchment lined baking sheet, leaving space between nuts. Bake for 25 to 30 minutes, until sugar coating on nuts is crisp. Cool and serve or store in an airtight container. <END>
INPUT: cupcakes, ganache, cake flour, baking soda, salt, light sugar, vegetable oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate Porter Cupcakes, Porter Ganache, Caramel Corn Crunch, Toasted Meringue | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 cup cake flour; 1/2 teaspoon baking soda; 1/8 teaspoon salt; 1 cup light brown sugar; 3/4 cup vegetable oil; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; 1/2 teaspoon coffee extract; 2 eggs; 1 cup porter beer; 1/4 cup cocoa; 1/2 cup sour cream; 1/2 cup porter beer; 1 cup white chocolate coins; 1/2 cup creamy peanut butter; 1/2 cup milk chocolate coins | INSTRUCTIONS: For the cupcakes: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line a mini cupcake pan with 12 cupcake liners. Sift the flour, baking soda and salt into a medium bowl. Set the bowl aside. In the bowl of an electric stand mixer with a paddle attachment, cream the sugar and oil together, about 5 minutes. Scrape down the sides of the bowl, and then add the vanilla and coffee extracts and 1 egg at a time, scraping down the sides of the bowl after each addition. Whisk your porter beer and cocoa together in a separate bowl and set aside. Turn the mixer to low and add your sour cream. Continue with the mixer o <END>
INPUT: hot Italian sausage, Salt pepper, onions, celery
OUTPUT: TITLE: Stuffed Pork | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 8 ounces hot Italian sausage, without casing; 4 (6-ounce) boneless pork chops, center cut; Salt and cracked black pepper; 1/2 cup onions, finely diced; 2 tablespoons finely diced celery; 1 (16-ounce) bag stuffing, store-bought; 2 Granny Smith apples, peeled and sliced; 1/4 cup chicken stock; 1/4 cup oil; Chipotle Honey Glaze, recipe follows; 6 ounces Dijon mustard; 2 ounces honey; 2 ounces chipotle sauce | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. In a small saute pan on high heat, brown Italian sausage and drain grease for later use. Set aside. Make a 1 to 1 1/2-inch wide by 2-inch deep incision into the pork chop and then season with salt and pepper on both sides. In a large saute pan on medium-high heat; saute onions and celery in sausage grease until brown. Mix into pan: stuffing, apples, and chicken stock with wooden spoon. Remove from heat and allow to cool to room temperature. Stuff each pork chop with stuffing mixture and then pan sear in hot oil, on each side, for 7 minutes in a large saute pan on <END>
INPUT: live crabs, Crab Boil Spices, cayenne, table salt, lemons
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spicy Crab Boil | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 18 live blue crabs; 2 tablespoons Crab-Boil Spices, recipe follows; 1/2 tablespoon cayenne; 1/4 cup table salt; 2 lemons, quartered; 1 onion ,halved; 3/4 pounds small potatoes (about 2 inches in diameter); 1 head of garlic (not separated into cloves); 3 ears of corn, shucked; 1 tablespoon Crab-Boil Spices, or to taste, for sprinkling over boiled seafood; Accompaniment: French bread; 1/4 cup pickling spices; 2 tablespoons mustard seeds; 2 tablespoons whole black peppercorns; 1 tablespoon celery seeds | INSTRUCTIONS: In a kettle bring 5 gallons water to a boil. While water is coming to a boil, in a deep sink rinse crabs in 2 or 3 changes of water. (Do not fill sink too full or crabs may crawl out.) Add 2 tablespoons Crab-Boil Spices, cayenne, salt, lemons, and onions to boiling water and boil 5 minutes. Add potatoes and garlic and boil until tender, about 15 minutes. Transfer potatoes and garlic with a large sieve to a large platter and keep warm, covered with foil. Add corn to boiling water and cook until tender, about 5 minutes. Transfer corn with tongs to platter and keep warm, covered with foil. Return <END>
INPUT: Asian, drop, soup, reduced sodium chicken, baby spinach, scallions, shiitake mushrooms, reduced sodium soy
OUTPUT: TITLE: Egg Drop Soup with Fresh Spinach | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups reduced-sodium chicken broth; 3 ounces baby spinach, thinly sliced; 3 scallions, thinly sliced on the diagonal; 4 ounces shiitake mushrooms, stemmed, wiped clean, and thinly sliced; 1 teaspoon reduced-sodium soy sauce; 2 egg whites, lightly beaten; Asian sesame oil; 8 brown rice crackers | INSTRUCTIONS: In a medium saucepan over high heat, bring the chicken broth and 2 cups water to a simmer. Add the spinach, scallions, mushrooms, and soy sauce; cook for 1 minute, stirring. Very slowly pour the egg whites into the pot; immediately turn off the heat. Use a fork to stir the egg whites in a clockwise direction to make thin ribbons in the broth. Ladle into 2 bowls and garnish each with a drop of sesame oil. Serve with the crackers. In a medium saucepan over high heat, bring the chicken broth and 2 cups water to a simmer. Add the spinach, scallions, mushrooms, and soy sauce; cook for 1 minute, sti <END>
INPUT: Italian, crostini, ciabatta bread, peach, ricotta, pepper, prosciutto
OUTPUT: TITLE: Peach, Prosciutto & Ricotta Crostini | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 12 slices ciabatta bread; 1 ripe peach; 1 tablespoon fresh ricotta (preferably sheep's milk); Freshly ground black pepper; 4 thin slices of prosciutto; Honey | INSTRUCTIONS: Grill bread slices. Halve, pit, and thinly slice peach. Spoon about 1 tablespoon ricotta onto each toast and sprinkle with ground pepper. Tear prosciutto into feathery pieces and drape a few slices over ricotta on each. Drizzle each with honey and top with 2 peach slices. Grill bread slices. Halve, pit, and thinly slice peach. Spoon about 1 tablespoon ricotta onto each toast and sprinkle with ground pepper. Tear prosciutto into feathery pieces and drape a few slices over ricotta on each. Drizzle each with honey and top with 2 peach slices. <END>
INPUT: American, Italian loaf sandwich, unsalted butter, cream cheese, pepper jelly, ham
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pepper Jelly Grilled Cheese | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 slices seeded Italian loaf sandwich bread; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature; 2 tablespoons cream cheese; 2 tablespoons pepper jelly; 3 slices ham; 3 slices Muenster cheese | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Spread one side of each slice of bread with the butter, then build on the opposite side. Spread the cream cheese on one slice of bread, followed by the pepper jelly; top with the ham slices. Place the Muenster cheese on the other slice of bread. Place both slices butter-side down on a nonstick skillet over low heat. Cook until the bottoms are golden and the cheese has melted, 8 to 10 minutes. Sandwich the slices together and serve. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, coriander, pancakes, all purpose flour, cornmeal, pepper flakes, milk, bell pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Red Bell Pepper and Coriander Pancakes with Guacamole | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2/3 cup all-purpose flour; 1/4 cup cornmeal; 1/2 teaspoon red pepper flakes, or to taste; 2/3 cup milk; 2/3 cup diced red bell pepper; 3 tablespoons chopped cilantro leaves; 2 eggs, separated; 1 tablespoon melted butter; Salt and freshly ground pepper, to taste; 1 avocado, peeled and finely diced; 2 tablespoons lime juice, or to taste; 1 jalapeno, seeded and diced; 2 tablespoons chopped cilantro, or to taste; Salt and freshly ground pepper, to taste; 3 Roma tomatoes, seeded and diced | INSTRUCTIONS: In a bowl combine flour, cornmeal, red pepper flakes, milk, red bell pepper, cilantro, egg yolks, and melted butter. Season with salt and pepper. With electric mixer beat egg whites to soft peak and fold into batter. In a nonstick pan over moderate heat brush some melted butter. Drop batter by the spoonful into pan so that pancakes are about 1 1/2 inches in diameter. When bubbles appear on surface of pancakes and undersides are golden brown, flip pancakes and allow undersides to cook until golden. Remove pancakes top rack to cool.; In a bowl combine avocado, lime juice, jalapeno, cilantro, sal <END>
INPUT: cherry, syrup, water, honey tangerines, lemon, honey
OUTPUT: TITLE: Honey Tangerine Granita with Sour Cherry Syrup and Fresh Raspberries | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Granita:; 3 cups water; 5 honey tangerines, juiced; 1 lemon, juiced; 2 tablespoons honey; 1/2 cup sugar; 2 cups pitted sour cherries; 1/4 cup water; 3 tablespoons sugar; 1 container fresh raspberries | INSTRUCTIONS: Granita: Pour the water, tangerine juice, and lemon juice into a saucepan and place over medium-high heat. Bring to a boil, add the honey and sugar, and stir until dissolved. Pour the mixture into a shallow metal pan and let cool to room temperature. Place in the freezer and stir every 30 minutes for 2 to 3 hours. You'll want the granita to be firm but not rock hard. Syrup: Place the cherries in the bowl of a food processor and process until smooth. Put all the ingredients into a saucepan and place over high heat. Let it come to a boil, reduce the heat, and simmer for 10 minutes. Pour into a h <END>
INPUT: Mexican, shrimp, plum tomatoes, Juice limes, Haas avocados, each cantaloupe honeydew
OUTPUT: TITLE: Shrimp Stuffed Avocado | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound cooked large shrimp, halved crosswise; 3 ripe plum tomatoes, diced; Juice of 2 limes; 3 ripe Haas avocados, halved and pitted; 1 cup each ripe cantaloupe and honeydew balls; 1/2 cup mayonnaise; 1/2 cup sour cream; 2 tablespoons chopped cilantro, plus 6 sprigs for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. Toss the shrimp with the tomatoes in a large bowl. 2. Squeeze the lime juice in another bowl. With a small melon baller, remove 6 balls from each avocado half. Toss in the lime juice and drain. Rub the exposed avocado halves with lime juice. Set aside. 3. Add the melon and avocado balls to the shrimp. Combine the mayonnaise, sour cream, and chopped cilantro. Fold into the shrimp. Season with salt and pepper. 4. Fill each avocado half evenly with the salad and garnish with a sprig of cilantro. 1. Toss the shrimp with the tomatoes in a large bowl. 2. Squeeze the lime juice in another bowl. Wi <END>
INPUT: fritters, Corn oil, mashed, milk ricotta, confectioners' sugar, Kosher salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sweet Potato Fritters | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Corn oil, for frying; 1 cup mashed, roasted and peeled sweet potato; 1 cup whole milk fresh ricotta; 1/4 cup confectioners' sugar, plus more for dusting; Kosher salt and freshly cracked pepper; 1/2 cup self-rising flour | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Heat about 3 inches of oil in a deep heavy pot, fitted with a deep-frying thermometer, to 365 degrees F. In a large bowl combine the potato, ricotta, sugar, salt and pepper, to taste, with a hand mixer until smooth. Fold in the flour, a little at a time, until just combined. Working in batches to avoid crowing the pot, drop heaping teaspoons of the batter into the hot oil. Fry until golden brown, turning as needed to brown evenly, about 1 to 2 minutes. Drain on paper towels and dust with confectioners' sugar and a pinch of salt. Arrange them on a serving dish and <END>
INPUT: chicken wings, garlic, wine, water, sweet Spanish smoked
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Chicken Wings with Smoked-Paprika Mayonnaise | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 pounds chicken wings (12 to 14); 3 garlic cloves; 3/4 cup dry red wine; 1/4 cup water; 1 teaspoon sweet Spanish smoked paprika*; 1 1/2 tablespoons Sherry vinegar; 2 teaspoons sugar; 2 teaspoons salt; 1/3 cup mayonnaise; 1 teaspoon medium-dry Sherry; 1/4 teaspoon sweet Spanish smoked paprika*; This spice comes in 3 strengths — sweet (which are used in this recipe), bittersweet and hot. Three mail-order sources that we've found are the Spanis | INSTRUCTIONS: Cut off wing tips, reserving for another use, and halve wings at joint. Put wings in a large sealable plastic bag. Finely chop garlic and add to bag with wine, water, paprika, vinegar, sugar, and salt. Seal bag, pressing out excess air. Marinate wings in bag in a large bowl, chilled, turning bag once, at least 8 hours and up to 24. Preheat oven to 400°F. Arrange wings in a roasting pan or large shallow baking pan large enough to hold them in one layer and pour marinade over them. Roast wings in middle of oven 30 minutes. Turn wings over and roast until marinade is reduced to a glaze and wings  <END>
INPUT: salad, apple cider vinegar, shallot, corn, baby lima beans
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Corn Salad with Lima Beans and Tomatoes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 cup (about) olive oil; 2 tablespoons apple cider vinegar; 1 large shallot, finely chopped; 6 medium ears fresh corn, husked; 2 cups frozen baby lima beans; 2 bunches watercress, thick stems trimmed, sprigs torn in half; 2 cups halved teardrop tomatoes or cherry tomatoes; 1 cup coarsely grated Parmesan cheese or crumbled soft fresh goat cheese; 1 cup halved pitted Kalamata olives; Roasted Red Pepper and Tomato Sauce | INSTRUCTIONS: Prepare barbecue (medium-high heat). Whisk 1/2 cup oil, vinegar, and shallot in small bowl. Set dressing aside. Brush corn with remaining 1/4 cup oil; sprinkle with salt and pepper. Grill until tender and beginning to char in spots, turning often, about 10 minutes. Cool slightly. Cut corn from cobs. Transfer to large bowl. Cook lima beans in boiling salted water until just tender, about 4 minutes. Drain. Rinse with cold water; drain. Mix lima beans into corn. Mix watercress and tomatoes into corn mixture. Add dressing and toss to coat. Season salad with salt and pepper. Sprinkle with cheese; g <END>
INPUT: lemon juice, paprika, sambal, Sea salt, Kauai other prawns
OUTPUT: TITLE: Kauai Prawns, Mango and Hearts of Palm Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice; 1 teaspoon paprika; 1/2 teaspoon sambal **; Sea salt (preferably Hawaiian) and freshly ground black pepper; 12 Kauai or other prawns (about 1 1/2 pounds), shelled and deveined; 2 tablespoons olive oil; Salad and dressing:; 1/2 fresh vanilla bean; 2 tablespoons mango puree*; 2 tablespoons grapeseed oil; 1 tablespoon unseasoned rice vinegar; 1 teaspoon freshly grated ginger; 8 ounces fresh hearts of palm, peeled and sauteed; 1 mango, peeled and diced; 1/4 pound baby arugula, washed | INSTRUCTIONS: To prepare the prawns: Combine the lemon juice, paprika, and sambal in a medium bowl. Season with salt and pepper. Add the prawns, turning them in the marinade so they are well coated. Heat 2 tablespoons of olive oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Working in batches, add the prawns and cook, turning them once or twice, until they are opaque throughout, 4 to 8 minutes. Allow the prawns to cool, then slice each in 1/2 lengthwise and reserve. To make the dressing: Scrape the seeds from the vanilla bean into a small bowl. Add the mango puree. Gradually whisk in the grapeseed oil and ric <END>
INPUT: American, crostini, fennel seeds, virgin olive oil, garlic chives garlic, orange juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Green Olive and Goat Cheese Crostini | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 teaspoon fennel seeds; 1 cup (lightly packed) chopped pitted imported brine-cured green olives; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil plus additional for brushing; 1 tablespoon thinly sliced garlic chives or 2 garlic cloves, thinly sliced; 1 tablespoon fresh orange juice; 2 teaspoons chopped fresh thyme; 1 1/2 teaspoons finely grated orange peel; 16 1/2-inch-thick diagonal slices baguette; 1 6-ounce log soft fresh goat cheese (cut into 16 rounds) | INSTRUCTIONS: Toast fennel seeds in small skillet over medium-high heat until fragrant, shaking skillet occasionally, about 1 minute. Transfer seeds to medium bowl. Add olives, 2 tablespoons oil, garlic chives, orange juice, thyme, and orange peel to bowl and toss to blend. Season to taste with salt and pepper. DO AHEAD: Can be made 2 days ahead. Cover; chill. Bring to room temperature before using. Prepare barbecue (medium-high heat). Brush both sides of bread slices with oil. Grill on 1 side until golden, about 1 minute. Turn bread over; immediately top each slice with 1 cheese round. Grill until bottoms  <END>
INPUT: diver, scallops, olive oil, cleaned shiitake mushrooms, shallot, celery, Salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Crab and Shiitake-Stuffed Filet Mignon with Diver Scallops Wrapped in Peruvian Purple Potato Nets an | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon olive oil; 1 1/2 cups cleaned and sliced shiitake mushrooms; 1/2 cup diced shallot; 2 tablespoons diced celery; Salt; Freshly ground black pepper; 1 teaspoon minced garlic; 2 teaspoons freshly chopped marjoram leaves; 1/2 teaspoon freshly chopped oregano leaves; 1/2 teaspoon finely chopped fresh parsley leaves; 1/4 pound crabmeat; 2 tablespoons unseasoned bread crumbs; 4 (6-ounce) 2-inch thick filet mignon steaks; 1 cup coarse ground black pepper; 8 strips hickory smoked bacon | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat the oil in a saute pan over medium-high heat. Add the mushrooms, shallot and celery, season with salt and pepper and saute until soft and tender, about 8 minutes. Add the garlic, marjoram, oregano and parsley and cook, stirring, for 1 minute. Remove from heat and let cool. Fold the crabmeat and bread crumbs into the cooled mushroom mixture and transfer to the bowl of a food processor. Pulse until the ingredients are finely chopped and fully incorporated, about 30 seconds. Set aside. Heat broiler. Cut a 2-inch horizontal incision in the center of each filet, being careful not to slice the  <END>
INPUT: butter, applesauce, sugar, orange rind, cinnamon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Apple Butter Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 cups canned applesauce; 1 cup packed brown sugar; 2 tablespoons grated orange rind; 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1/2 teaspoon ground cloves; 1/4 teaspoon ground allspice; 1/4 teaspoon ground nutmeg | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine the applesauce, orange rind, cloves, brown sugar, all spice, nutmeg and cinnamon in a saucepan. Bring to a simmer and cook for 1 hour, stirring occasionally. Cool and serve. <END>
INPUT: slush, ice, mint leaves, ginger ale, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Melon and Mint Slush | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 (about 1 pound) honeydew melon, peeled and seeded, cut into 1-inch pieces (to yield about 2 cups); 3 cups crushed ice; 1/2 packed cup fresh mint leaves; 1 1/2 cups ginger ale; 1/2 cup sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: Add the melon, ice, mint, ginger ale, and sugar to a blender. Pulse until the mixture becomes slushy. Pour into 4 glasses and serve immediately. <END>
INPUT: vanilla bean, sugar, orange zest, Calvados applejack brandy
OUTPUT: TITLE: Calvados Butter | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 vanilla bean, split lengthwise; 1 stick (1/2 cup) unsalted butter, softened; 6 tablespoons sugar; 1/2 teaspoon finely grated fresh orange zest; 1/4 cup Calvados or applejack brandy | INSTRUCTIONS: Scrape seeds from vanilla bean into a bowl and beat together with butter, sugar, and zest with an electric mixer. Add Calvados in a slow stream, beating until incorporated. Scrape seeds from vanilla bean into a bowl and beat together with butter, sugar, and zest with an electric mixer. Add Calvados in a slow stream, beating until incorporated. <END>
INPUT: Atlantic oysters, heavy cream, celery seed, bay leaves, flat leaf parsley
OUTPUT: TITLE: Broiled Oysters with Celery Cream and Virginia Ham | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 36 Atlantic oysters, preferably Chinquoteague, or any medium large, fresh variety; 8 ounces heavy cream, plus 4 ounces; 1/2 teaspoon celery seed; 2 bay leaves; 1/2 bunch flat-leaf parsley, leaves picked and coarsely chopped; 2 lemons, zested and juiced; 3 stalks celery, finely diced; 2 to 3 ounces Virginia ham, diced finely; Freshly ground black pepper; 1 large celery root, peeled and diced and kept in acidulated water; 2 ounces unsalted butter; Sea Salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Shuck the oysters and drain, saving the oyster liquor for the sauce and the top shells. In a non-corrosive saucepan, add the oyster liquor, 8 ounces of the heavy cream, the celery seed, bay leaves, parsley, lemon zest, and juice. Bring to a boil and let reduce by 1/8. Strain through a fine sieve and return the cream mixture to the saucepan. Add the finely diced celery and ham and bring to a boil. Add the black pepper and check for saltiness, as the ham will add a great deal of salt to the mixture. If it is too salty, (hams will vary in saltiness) add a little mor <END>
INPUT: cookies, chocolate chip cookie, vegetable food coloring, mint extract, peppermint flavor mint
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mint Chocolate Chip Cookies with Ice Cream | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 package store bought chocolate chip cookie mix (dry ingredients), available on baking aisle of market (recommended: Duncan Heinz or Betty Crocker) c; Green vegetable food coloring; 1 teaspoon mint extract; 2 pints peppermint stick flavor or mint chocolate chip ice cream | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven according to the cookie mix package directions. Prepare the cookie mix according to directions with the addition of a few drops of green food coloring and the mint extract. Adjust deepness of the color to your liking, 3 drops is enough to make it a medium color green. Scoop heaping tablespoons of the cooki8e batter between 2 cookie sheets, you should get about 2 dozen scoops. Bake cookies until just lightly golden at the edges, remove and cool slightly. Serve with peppermint stick or mint chocolate chip ice cream. For a fun, tasty and minty ice cream sammy, place small scoops of i <END>
INPUT: skewered, vinaigrette, canola oil, garlic, parsley, rosemary leaves, thyme leaves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Skewered Lamb with Spicy Pomegranate-Rioja Red Wine Vinaigrette and Mint-Almond Relish | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup canola oil; 1 head garlic, cloves separated, peeled and coarsely chopped; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley; 2 tablespoons fresh rosemary leaves; 2 tablespoons fresh thyme leaves; 1 pound lamb loin, cut into 1-inch pieces; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 1/2 cups pomegranate juice; 1 1/2 cups Rioja red wine; 1 teaspoon whole black peppercorns; 2 sprigs fresh thyme; 1 tablespoon plus 1 tablespoon clover honey; 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard; 2 tablespoons aged sherry vinegar; 1/4 cup lightly toasted almonds, finely chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: 6-inch skewers, soaked in water for at least 1 hour For the skewered lamb: Combine the oil, garlic, parsley, rosemary and thyme in a bowl. Add the lamb, cover and refrigerate for at least 2 hours and up to 24 hours. The longer the refrigeration time, the better. For the spicy pomegranate-rioja red wine vinaigrette: Combine the pomegranate juice, wine, peppercorns, thyme and 1 tablespoon honey in a small saucepan. Cook over high heat until the syrup is reduced to 1 cup. Remove the syrup from the heat and cool. Remove the thyme and peppercorns with a spoon. Whisk the remaining <END>
INPUT: Indian, salad, vinaigrette, garlic, coriander, lemon juice, sugar, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Avocado, Hearts of Palm, and Red Onion Salad with Coriander Vinaigrette | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 1 small garlic clove; 1/4 cup fresh coriander; 3 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 1/2 teaspoon sugar; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 1/2 cup olive oil; a 14-ounce can hearts of palm, drained; 4 California firm-ripe avocados; 1 small red onion, sliced thin; Boston lettuce leaves (from about 2 heads) | INSTRUCTIONS: Make vinaigrette: In a blender purée garlic and coriander with lemon juice, sugar, and salt. With motor running add oil in a stream, blending until dressing is emulsified. In a blender purée garlic and coriander with lemon juice, sugar, and salt. With motor running add oil in a stream, blending until dressing is emulsified. Make salad: Cut hearts of palm and avocado into 3/4-inch cubes and in a large bowl with a rubber spatula gently toss with onion and vinaigrette until combined well. Cut hearts of palm and avocado into 3/4-inch cubes and in a large bowl with a rubber spatula gently toss with <END>
INPUT: cupcakes, all purpose flour, baking powder, baking soda, salt, cinnamon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Carrot-Walnut Cupcakes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup all-purpose flour; 3/4 teaspoon baking powder; 1/2 teaspoon baking soda; 3/4 teaspoon salt; 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1/4 teaspoon ground nutmeg; 2 large eggs; 1/2 cup granulated sugar; 1/3 cup packed light brown sugar; 1/3 cup (51/3 tablespoons) unsalted butter, melted; 1/3 cup walnut oil or vegetable oil; 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract; 1 3/4 cups finely grated carrots (about 2 medium); 1/2 cup walnuts, roughly chopped; 1 tablespoon finely chopped candied ginger | INSTRUCTIONS: Make the cupcakes: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line a 12-cup muffin pan with liners. Whisk the flour, baking powder, baking soda, salt, cinnamon and nutmeg in a medium bowl. Whisk the eggs, granulated sugar, brown sugar, melted butter, walnut oil and vanilla in a large bowl until smooth. Whisk in the flour mixture, then fold in the grated carrots, chopped walnuts and candied ginger with a rubber spatula. Divide the batter among the prepared muffin cups, filling each two-thirds of the way. Bake until the tops of the cupcakes spring back when gently pressed, about 20 minutes. Let cool 5 m <END>
INPUT: Indian, stew, olive oil, turmeric, cumin, cayenne pepper, cardamom
OUTPUT: TITLE: Braised Lamb Stew | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons olive oil, divided; 1/4 teaspoon ground turmeric; 1/2 teaspoon ground cumin; 1/8 teaspoon cayenne pepper; 1/2 teaspoon ground cardamom; 1 teaspoon kosher salt; 2 1/2 pounds boneless lamb shoulder or boneless leg of lamb, 1 1/2-inch cubes; 1 onion, cut into 1-inch cubes; 3 carrots, roughly diced; 3 cloves garlic, minced; 1 tablespoon ginger, minced; 1 tablespoon tomato paste; 1 (14.5-ounce) can chickpeas, drained; 1 lemon, zested; 2 cups chicken stock | INSTRUCTIONS: In a mixing bowl add 2 tablespoons of the olive oil, turmeric, cumin, cayenne, cardamom and salt. Mix well until the mixture has turned into a paste, if the paste is too thick add a little more olive oil. Add the cubed lamb to the bowl and toss around to coat well. Cover and set aside. Heat 1 tablespoon of olive oil in a large, heavy bottomed pot over medium-high heat. Add 1/3 of the lamb, and brown well. Remove to a plate, and repeat with remaining lamb. Add onions and carrots to the pot and sweat for 5 minutes. Stir in the fresh garlic and ginger; continue cooking for an additional 5 minutes <END>
INPUT: split, water, corn syrup, sugar sugar, egg whites, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Banana Split-Up | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 tablespoons water; 1 1/4 cups corn syrup; 3/4 cup sugar plus 1 tablespoon sugar; 4 egg whites; Pinch salt; Pinch cream of tartar; 2 teaspoons vanilla; 1/2 cup warm water; 2 ripe bananas, sliced with a krinkel cutter, on the bias; 2 flavors ice cream; 1/2 cup chocolate sauce; Marshmallow sauce; 1/4 cup pineapple sauce, store bought; 1/4 cup chopped unsalted cashews | INSTRUCTIONS: Place the water, corn syrup, and 3/4 cup sugar in a saucepan and cook to 246 degrees F. Meanwhile, whip the whites with the salt and cream of tartar in a clean dry bowl until stiff then add the 1 tablespoon sugar and continue whipping on medium speed until the syrup is ready. Drizzle in the hot syrup and then continue to mix on high for 5 minutes to cool it. Add the vanilla and water gradually to thin it out to make a sauce. Keep chilled until ready to use. In each of 4 wide dessert bowls, place 4 slices of banana. Top them each with a small scoop of ice cream alternating flavors. Drizzle them <END>
INPUT: chips, kale, virgin olive oil, Flaky sea salt, lemon, pepper flakes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Crispy Kale Chips with Lemon | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 bunches fresh kale, stemmed, torn into bite-size pieces; Extra-virgin olive oil; Flaky sea salt; 1 lemon; Crushed red pepper flakes | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Place the kale in a large bowl and dress very lightly with olive oil so the leaves are barely coated. Season with salt. Spread the leaves out across 2 roasting sheet trays so they aren't stacked up on each other too much. Roast in the oven until crispy but still green, 12 to 15 minutes. Remove from the oven and dress with a squeeze of fresh lemon juice and a touch of crushed red pepper flakes. <END>
INPUT: quickest, olive oil, onion, stemmed shiitake mushrooms, Madeira, rosemary
OUTPUT: TITLE: Quickest Madeira-Mushroom Gravy | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1 large chopped onion; 2 cups sliced and stemmed shiitake mushrooms; 1/3 cup Madeira; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh rosemary; 2 cups purchased high-quality gravy; 1 cup low-salt chicken broth; 1/2 cup whipping cream | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat olive oil in large saucepan; add onion. Sauté until golden. Add mushrooms; sauté until soft. Add Madeira, rosemary, gravy, chicken broth, and whipping cream. Simmer 5 minutes, whisking constantly. Season with salt and pepper. Heat olive oil in large saucepan; add onion. Sauté until golden. Add mushrooms; sauté until soft. Add Madeira, rosemary, gravy, chicken broth, and whipping cream. Simmer 5 minutes, whisking constantly. Season with salt and pepper. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, refried, vegetable oil, onion, garlic, cumin, chili
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Chicken and Refried Bean Tortillas | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons vegetable oil; 1 small onion, finely chopped; 2 garlic cloves, minced; 1/2 teaspoon ground cumin; 1/2 teaspoon ground chili; 1 (15-ounce) can pinto beans, rinsed and drained; 1/2 cup water; 1 tablespoon chopped cilantro, frozen with cold water in ice-cube compartment; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 cups cooked chicken; 1/2 cup shredded sharp cheddar, plus 1/2 cup; 1 small can chopped green chiles, drained; 8 medium flour tortillas (thawed, if frozen); 1/2 cup sour cream; 1 cup shredded pre-washed lettuce | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. Heat the oil in a skillet over moderately low heat. Add the onion and garlic and cook until softened. Add the garlic, cumin, and chili and cook for 1 more minute. Add the beans and 1/2 cup water, and cilantro cube, cover and simmer for 5 minutes. Mash the beans with the back of a fork and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Combine the chicken, 1/2 cup cheddar, chiles, and salt and pepper, to taste and toss well. Warm the tortillas wrapped in a towel in a microwave for 3 minutes. Spread 1/8 of the bean mixture on top of each tortilla, top with 1/8 of the chick <END>
INPUT: Mexican, sauce, cumin seeds, garlic, bottled Thai curry, Greek yogurt, chicken thighs
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Curry Chicken Thighs with Yogurt Cumin Sauce | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2 teaspoons whole cumin seeds; 4 cloves garlic; 3 tablespoons bottled green or red Thai curry paste; 2 cups whole Greek yogurt, divided; 3 pounds chicken thighs; Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. In a small, dry, heavy skillet over moderate heat, toast the cumin seeds until fragrant, 3 to 4 minutes. Finely grind in a spice grinder or mortar and pestle. Mash the garlic to a paste and transfer half the garlic to a medium bowl. Whisk in the curry paste, 1 cup yogurt and half the cumin. Transfer the chicken to a plastic re-sealable bag and pour the yogurt mixture into the bag, making sure all the chicken is covered. Marinate in the refrigerator for at least 12 hours and up to 24 hours. Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Line a sheet pan with aluminum foil and <END>
INPUT: ambrosia, fat free vanilla, seedless grapes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Ambrosia Cake | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 (12-ounce) store-bought angel food cake; 1/2 cup fat free vanilla yogurt; 1 (16-ounce) container lite whipped topping, divided use (recommended: Cool Whip Lite); 1 (8.25-ounce) can peach slices, drained, cut in 1/2 (recommended: - S and W); 1 cup seedless grapes, sliced in 1/2; 1/2 cup sugar free apricot preserves (recommended: Smucker's); 1 (11-ounce) can Mandarin orange segments, drained (recommended: Dole); 1 cup plain shredded coconut, plus 1 cup toasted; 1 (8-ounce) can pineapple slices, drained and cut in 1/2 (recommended: Dole); 1/4 cup frozen cherries, defrosted | INSTRUCTIONS: Cut the cake horizontally into thirds and place the bottom layer on a serving plate. In a small bowl add the yogurt and a 1/2 cup of whipped topping and mix well to blend. Spread on the bottom layer and top with the sliced grapes. Add the middle layer and spread with the preserves and cover with the orange segments. Put the last layer on top and frost entire cake with remaining whipped topping. Toss 1 cup coconut with the toasted coconut and press into sides of cake. Arrange pineapple and cherries on top. Refrigerate until ready to serve. Serve at room temperature. <END>
INPUT: American, rolled, omelet, eggs, heavy cream, Kosher salt pepper, Cheddar cheese
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cheddar Cheese Rolled Omelet with Bacon Roasted Potatoes | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 18 eggs; 1/4 cup heavy cream; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; Cooking spray; 1 cup grated Cheddar cheese; Bacon Roasted Potatoes, recipe follows; 3 cups fingerling potatoes, halved; 4 tablespoons olive oil, divided; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 4 cups vegetable oil, for frying; 1 cup applewood smoked bacon slab, cut into chunks; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 2 cups onion, sliced thick | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: 1 piece parchment paper Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. In a large bowl, whisk together the eggs, cream, salt, and black pepper. Spray a large, rimmed baking sheet with cooking spray. Lay a piece of parchment paper on the baking sheet, making sure the parchment paper is long enough to hang over the length of the sheet pan. Spray the parchment paper with cooking spray and pour the eggs into the sheet pan. Bake until the eggs are firm, about 15 to 18 minutes, rotating the pan half way through the cooking time. Remove the eggs from the oven when they are set and sprinkle the <END>
INPUT: Mexican, soup, unsalted butter, shallots, chicken stock, olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Quick Winter Squash Soup with Spicy Toasted Pumpkin Seeds | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon unsalted butter; 3 shallots, finely chopped; 2 (12-ounce) packages frozen winter squash purée, thawed; 3 cups chicken stock; 1 tablespoon olive oil; 3/4 cup raw green (hulled) pumpkin seeds; 3/4 teaspoon ground cumin; Pinch of cayenne pepper; 1 teaspoon finely grated fresh lime zest; 1 tablespoon fresh lime juice | INSTRUCTIONS: Make soup: In large saucepan over moderately high heat, melt butter. Add shallots and sauté until translucent, about 3 minutes. Stir in squash and stock and bring to boil. Reduce heat and simmer, uncovered, until soup thickens, about 30 minutes. In large saucepan over moderately high heat, melt butter. Add shallots and sauté until translucent, about 3 minutes. Stir in squash and stock and bring to boil. Reduce heat and simmer, uncovered, until soup thickens, about 30 minutes. While soup simmers, make pumpkin seeds: In small skillet over moderately high heat, heat oil. Add pumpkin seeds and coo <END>
INPUT: mash, bell pepper, virgin olive oil, unsalted butter, garlic, zucchini
OUTPUT: TITLE: Zucchini Mash | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 medium green bell pepper, finely chopped (1 cup); 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1 large garlic clove, finely chopped; 6 medium zucchini (1 3/4 pounds), halved lengthwise, then thinly sliced crosswise; 1/2 cup water; 3/4 teaspoon salt; 1/2 teaspoon black pepper; 1/3 cup chopped scallion greens | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook bell pepper in oil and 1 tablespoon butter in a wide 4-quart heavy pot over moderately low heat, stirring occasionally, until softened, 4 to 6 minutes. Add garlic and cook, stirring, 1 minute. Add zucchini, water, salt, and pepper and bring to a boil over moderately high heat, then cook at a brisk simmer, covered, 6 minutes. Remove lid and simmer until most of liquid is evaporated and zucchini is soft, about 6 minutes. Coarsely mash zucchini with a potato masher and add scallion greens and remaining tablespoon butter, stirring, until butter is incorporated. Cook bell pepper in oil and 1 t <END>
INPUT: American, cupcakes, frosting, cake flour, baking powder, baking soda, fine salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Coconut Cupcakes with Coconut Cream Cheese Frosting | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 1/2 cups cake flour; 1 teaspoon baking powder; 1/2 teaspoon baking soda; 1 teaspoon fine salt; 2 1/2 sticks (10 ounces) unsalted butter, softened; 2 cups granulated sugar; 5 large eggs; 1 1/2 teaspoons vanilla extract; 1 teaspoon coconut extract; 2/3 cup buttermilk; 1 1/2 cups sweetened coconut flakes; 1 cup sweetened coconut flakes, lightly toasted, for garnish; 24 ounces cream cheese, softened; 1 stick (4 ounces) unsalted butter, softened; 2 teaspoons vanilla extract | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. For the cupcakes: Preheat the oven to 350 F. Line two 12-cup standard muffin tins with cupcake liners. In a medium bowl, whisk together the flour, baking powder, baking soda and salt, and set aside. Using a handheld mixer, cream the butter and granulated sugar together until light and fluffy, about 4 minutes. Add the eggs one at a time until just combined. Add the vanilla and coconut extracts. Add the buttermilk and the dry ingredients, being careful not to over mix. Mix in the coconut. Fill the cupcake liners two-thirds full with batter. Bake until golden brown  <END>
INPUT: Asian, noodles, olive oil, garlic, piece ginger, carrots, wine vinegar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Carrot-Ginger and Chicken Noodles | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons olive oil, plus more for tossing; 1 clove garlic, thinly sliced; One 2-inch piece fresh ginger, peeled and thinly sliced; 4 medium carrots, thinly sliced; 2 tablespoons white wine vinegar; 1 tablespoon low-sodium soy sauce; 2 teaspoons light brown sugar; 1/2 teaspoon mild curry powder; Kosher salt; 8 ounces linguine; 1 cup shredded rotisserie chicken; 2 scallions, cut into 3-inch pieces and very thinly sliced | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat 2 tablespoons of the oil in a large skillet set over medium-high heat. Add the garlic and ginger and cook, stirring, until slightly softened and fragrant, about 2 minutes. Add the carrots, 2 1/2 cups water, vinegar, soy sauce, brown sugar, curry powder and 1 teaspoon salt. Bring to a simmer, cover and cook until the carrots are tender, about 15 minutes. Let the mixture cool. Transfer the mixture to a blender and add the remaining 1 tablespoon oil. Keep the sauce at room temperature. Meanwhile, bring a large pot of salted water to a boil and cook the pasta according to the package directio <END>
INPUT: Italian, spaghetti, Meatballs BBQ Gravy, virgin olive oil, scallions, Parmesan
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Spaghetti | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 pounds spaghetti; Meatballs in BBQ Gravy, recipe follows; Extra-virgin olive oil; 2 tablespoons scallions, thinly sliced; Grated Parmesan; For the gravy:; 1 pound bacon, sliced into lardons; 1/2 cup olive oil; 1 carrot, chopped; 1 stalk celery, chopped; 1 onion, chopped; 4 cloves garlic, minced; 1 tablespoon fresh rosemary leaves, minced; 2 tablespoons brown sugar; 1 1/2 glasses Chianti | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat a grill on medium-high heat. Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil, cook pasta about half way according to package instructions. Drain the pasta and toss lightly with olive oil. Using a grill grate, grill the pasta over medium-high heat for about 3 to 4 minutes. Transfer the grilled pasta to a serving platter and spoon BBQ Gravy over the top. Place meatballs over the top and around the perimeter of the platter and top with more Gravy. Sprinkle with the sliced scallions and grated Parmesan. Heat a large soup pot over medium-high heat. Add the olive oil and heat for 1 minute. When  <END>
INPUT: salad, olive oil, onions, balsamic vinegar, kosher salt, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Caramelized Onion and Grapefruit Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons olive oil; 2 onions, very thinly sliced; 1 tablespoon balsamic vinegar; 1/4 teaspoon kosher salt; 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar; 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 1 teaspoon honey; 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 pink grapefruits; 1 head romaine lettuce, thinly sliced or torn into 1-inch pieces; 1 large fennel bulb, trimmed and thinly sliced; 1 small cucumber, peeled, seeded and thinly sliced; 3 scallions, finely sliced | INSTRUCTIONS: For the caramelized onions: In a large skillet, heat the oil over medium heat. Add the onions, balsamic vinegar, salt and pepper. Cook, stirring occasionally, until the onions are deep golden brown, about 20 minutes. Set aside to cool, about 10 minutes. For the dressing: In a small bowl, whisk together the red wine vinegar, lemon juice and honey. Slowly whisk in the olive oil until blended. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. For the salad: Peel and trim the ends from each grapefruit. Using a paring knife, cut along the membrane on both sides of each segment. Free the segments and add them  <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, greek, oregano, thyme, sweet paprika, kosher salt, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Greek Pork Chops with Zucchini and Feta | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 1 teaspoon dried oregano; 1/2 teaspoon dried thyme; 1/2 teaspoon sweet paprika; 1 teaspoon kosher salt; 1/2 teaspoon ground black pepper; 4 1/2- to 3/4-inch-thick lean bone-in pork rib chops; 1 tablespoon canola oil; 2 medium zucchini, halved lengthwise and sliced crosswise into 1/4-inch-thick pieces; 1/4 teaspoon kosher salt; 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh parsley (basil, mint, or oregano is great, too); 1 medium tomato, finely chopped; 1 teaspoon olive oil; Juice of 1/2 lemon; 1/4 cup finely crumbled feta cheese (about 2 ounces) | INSTRUCTIONS: To season and cook the pork chops: Stir together the oregano, thyme, paprika, salt, and pepper in a small bowl. Set the pork chops on a cutting board and season both sides of each chop with the spice blend. Heat a large skillet over high heat for 1 minute. Add the canola oil, and once it shimmers, add the chops. Reduce the heat to medium-high and cook, without moving the chops, until they are nicely browned, 3 to 4 minutes. Flip the chops and cook on the other side until browned and the centers resist light pressure, 2 to 3 minutes more. Transfer to a plate and set aside. To cook the zucchini: <END>
INPUT: Asian, mango, asparagus, vermouth, eggs, cornstarch, salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sauteed Chicken with Mango, Asparagus and Honeyed Walnuts | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 10 (6-ounce) chicken breasts, boneless and skinless; 2 1/2 tablespoons dry vermouth; 2 1/2 eggs; 2 1/2 tablespoons cornstarch; 2 1/2 teaspoons salt and pepper; 2 1/2 tablespoons vegetable oil, plus 2 1/2 tablespoons; 1 1/4 cup Spanish onion, diced; 2 1/2 teaspoons garlic; 1 1/4 cup white wine; 2 1/2 tablespoons soy sauce; 5 tablespoons oyster sauce; 1 1/4 pints chicken stock; 2 1/2 teaspoon cornstarch, mixed with 2 1/2 tablespoons water; 5 tablespoons ginger, minced; 5 red bell peppers, julienne | INSTRUCTIONS: Clean chicken of all visible fat and cartilage. Cut each breast in half and pound slightly. Marinate the chicken with the vermouth, eggs, cornstarch, salt and pepper for 30 minutes. Sear in a hot non-stick pan on both sides in 2 1/2 tablespoons vegetable oil. Let cool. Saute onions and garlic in 2 1/2 tablespoons vegetable oil for 3 minutes until translucent. Deglaze with white wine and reduce by half. Add the soy sauce and oyster sauce along with chicken stock. Allow to reduce by 1/3 of the original volume. Thicken with cornstarch and water, mix just to nape. Cool completely. Saute ginger in  <END>
INPUT: Asian, dressing, soy sauce, lemon juice, Asian sesame oil, sugar, California avocado
OUTPUT: TITLE: Avocado with Sesame Soy Dressing | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon soy sauce; 2 teaspoons fresh lemon juice; 1 teaspoon Asian sesame oil; 1/8 teaspoon sugar; 1 chilled firm-ripe California avocado; 4 to 6 leaves soft-leafed lettuce, washed and spun dry; 1 teaspoon sesame seeds, toasted lightly | INSTRUCTIONS: In a small bowl whisk together soy sauce, lemon juice, oil, sugar, and a pinch of salt until sugar is dissolved. Quarter, pit, and peel avocado and cut crosswise into 1/2-inch slices. Add avocado to dressing and turn gently with a rubber spatula to coat. Line 2 plates with lettuce and divide avocado and dressing between them. Sprinkle sesame seeds over avocado. In a small bowl whisk together soy sauce, lemon juice, oil, sugar, and a pinch of salt until sugar is dissolved. Quarter, pit, and peel avocado and cut crosswise into 1/2-inch slices. Add avocado to dressing and turn gently with a rubbe <END>
INPUT: dessert, mango, nutmeg, cinnamon, ginger, Confectioners' sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mango and Melon Dessert | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 1/2 cups diced fresh mango; 1/2 teaspoon ground nutmeg; 1/2 teaspoon cinnamon; 1/2 teaspoon ground ginger; Confectioners' sugar; 1 small watermelon (preferably seedless); Mint sprigs, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: In a food processor, purée mango, adding 1 tbsp water, if necessary, to achieve a puddinglike consistency. Add spices; blend thoroughly. Add sugar to taste. Cover and chill 3 to 4 hours. When ready to serve, cut watermelon in half. Using a melon baller, scoop out about 2 cups of balls. Pour purée into 4 shallow bowls and arrange melon balls on top. Garnish with mint sprigs. In a food processor, purée mango, adding 1 tbsp water, if necessary, to achieve a puddinglike consistency. Add spices; blend thoroughly. Add sugar to taste. Cover and chill 3 to 4 hours. When ready to serve, cut watermelon  <END>
INPUT: smashed, baby fingerling potatoes, olive oil, garlic, lemon juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fried Smashed Potatoes with Lemons | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 pounds baby or fingerling potatoes; 1/4 cup olive oil, plus extra as needed; 3 cloves garlic, peeled and halved; 3 tablespoons olive oil; 3 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley leaves; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh thyme leaves; 2 lemons, zested; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. For the potatoes: Put the potatoes in an 8-quart stockpot with enough cold water to cover by at least 2 inches. Bring the water to a boil over medium heat and cook until the potatoes are tender, about 20 to 25 minutes. Drain the potatoes in a colander and allow to dry for 5 minutes. Using the palm of your hand, gently press the potatoes until lightly smashed. In a large, nonstick skillet, heat 1/4 cup of oil over medium-high heat. Add the garlic and cook until fragrant and lightly brown, about 1 minute. Remove the garlic and discard. In batches, add the potatoes  <END>
INPUT: gravy, garlic, olive oil, rosemary, Dijon mustard
OUTPUT: TITLE: Garlic-Rosemary Turkey with Mushroom Gravy | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 large heads of garlic, unpeeled, top 1/3 inch cut off to expose garlic; 6 tablespoons olive oil; 1/4 cup (1/2 stick) unsalted butter, room temperature; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh rosemary; 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/2 teaspoon ground black pepper; 1 18- to 19-pound turkey; neck, gizzard and heart reserved; 1 large onion, chopped; 2 large celery stalks, chopped; 1 large carrot, chopped; 2 1/2 cups dry white wine; 7 cups (about) canned low-salt chicken broth; 2 pounds mushrooms, thickly sliced; 1/3 cup all purpose flour | INSTRUCTIONS: For garlic paste: Preheat oven to 350°F. Arrange garlic, cut side up, in 8x8x2-inch glass baking dish. Drizzle with 6 tablespoons oil. Cover dish with foil. Bake until garlic is very tender but not yet brown, about 1 hour 20 minutes. Uncover and cool 45 minutes. Squeeze garlic cloves to remove from peel. Place 1 cup garlic cloves in processor (reserve remainder for another use). Add butter, rosemary, mustard, salt, and pepper. Process until almost smooth. Transfer paste to small bowl. (Can be made 4 days ahead. Cover; chill.) Preheat oven to 350°F. Arrange garlic, cut side up, in 8x8x2-inch gl <END>
INPUT: Italian, wrapped, olive oil, balsamic vinegar, sugar, garlic, basil leaves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Asparagus Wrapped Prosciutto | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup olive oil; 1/4 cup balsamic vinegar; 2 teaspoons sugar; 3 cloves garlic, finely chopped; 1 teaspoon chopped basil leaves; 1 teaspoon chopped oregano leaves; 1 teaspoon chopped rosemary leaves; 8 to 12 stalks asparagus, blanched; 8 to 12 thin slices prosciutto; 1 head lettuce, optional; Tomato wedges, optional | INSTRUCTIONS: Mix all ingredients for dressing together and let it set overnight. Do not refrigerate. Marinate the asparagus in the dressing for 10 minutes. Wrap 2 to 3 asparagus with prosciutto. Serve on a bed of lettuce with tomato wedges, if using, and spoon dressing on top. <END>
INPUT: sauce, peach, sugar, lemon juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Peach Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 peach, peeled, pitted, sliced into eighths; 1/4 cup sugar; 1 teaspoon lemon juice | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine the peaches, sugar, lemon juice and 2 tablespoons water in a bowl. Set aside to macerate for 10 minutes. Transfer to a small pot and cook over low heat until the peaches are tender and a syrup has formed, 10 minutes. Transfer to a bowl and let cool to room temperature. <END>
INPUT: cake, glaze, all purpose flour, cornmeal, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lemon Cornmeal Cake with Lemon Glaze and Crushed-Blueberry Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cups (packed) powdered sugar, sifted; 2 tablespoons (or more) fresh lemon Juice; 1 1/2 cups all purpose flour; 1/3 cup yellow cornmeal; 3/4 cup sugar; 3 1/2 teaspoons baking powder; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1 cup buttermilk; 2 large eggs; 1 tablespoon finely grated lemon peel; 3/4 teaspoon vanilla extract; 1/2 cup (1 stick) unsalted butter, melted, cooled; Crushed-Blueberry Sauce | INSTRUCTIONS: For glaze: Combine powdered sugar and 2 tablespoons lemon juice in small bowl. Stir with spoon until smooth and paste-like, adding more lemon juice by 1/2 teaspoonfuls if glaze is too thick to spread. Set aside. Combine powdered sugar and 2 tablespoons lemon juice in small bowl. Stir with spoon until smooth and paste-like, adding more lemon juice by 1/2 teaspoonfuls if glaze is too thick to spread. Set aside. For cake: Position rack in center of oven and preheat to 350°F. Butter 9-inch-diameter cake pan with 2-inch-high sides; line bottom with parchment. Combine flour, cornmeal, sugar, baking  <END>
INPUT: moroccan, onion, garlic, cumin, paprika, ginger
OUTPUT: TITLE: Moroccan-Style Mussels | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 medium onion, coarsely chopped (1 cup); 2 garlic cloves, thinly sliced; 1 1/4 teaspoons ground cumin; 1 teaspoon paprika (preferably hot); 1 teaspoon ground ginger; 3/8 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1/8 teaspoon cayenne; 3 tablespoons olive oil; 1 tablespoon cider vinegar; 1 (15- to 19-oz) can chickpeas, rinsed and drained; 2 teaspoons sugar; 1 (28-oz) can whole tomatoes in juice, juice reserved and tomatoes coarsely chopped; 3 lb cultivated mussels, scrubbed and beards removed; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh flat-leaf parsley | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook onion, garlic, and spices in oil in a 5- to 6-quart heavy pot over moderately low heat, stirring, until onion is softened, about 6 minutes. Stir in vinegar and simmer 1 minute. Add chickpeas, sugar, and tomatoes with their juice, then increase heat to moderate and gently simmer, uncovered, stirring occasionally, until slightly thickened, about 15 minutes. Add mussels and return to a simmer. Cover tightly with lid and cook until mussels just open wide, 3 to 6 minutes. (Discard any mussels that remain unopened after 6 minutes.) Stir in parsley and serve in shallow bowls. Cook onion, garlic, <END>
INPUT: salt, Swiss chard, butter, pepper, vinegar lemon juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sauteed Swiss Chard | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 teaspoon salt; 2 pounds Swiss chard; 4 teaspoons melted butter; 1/8 teaspoon pepper; 1 tablespoon vinegar or lemon juice | INSTRUCTIONS: Rinse chard; separate stems from leaves. Cut stems into 2-inch pieces; cut leaves crosswise into 1-inch strips. To a saucepan add 2 teaspoons melted butter. Add stems to pan; saute about 5 minutes. Add leaves; cook another 5 minutes. Add remaining 2 teaspoons butter and pepper. Mound in center of serving plate and drizzle with vinegar or lemon juice.; <END>
INPUT: Italian, risotto, miniature pumpkins, chicken stock, water, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pumpkin Risotto | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 4 miniature pumpkins (preferably Jack-Be-Little; 3 1/2 to 4 inches in diameter); 1 1/4 cups diced (1/4-inch) peeled seeded fresh sugar or cheese pumpkin; 2 cups chicken stock; 2 cups water; 1 small onion, finely chopped; 1 tablespoon olive oil; 3/4 cup Arborio rice; 1-ounce (1/3 cup) grated Parmigiano-Reggiano; 1 tablespoon unsalted butter | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Roast whole miniature pumpkins in a small roasting pan with 1/2-inch water, tightly covered with foil, until very tender, 45 to 50 minutes. Cool slightly. Cut out tops and reserve, then scoop out seeds. Discard water from roasting pan, then return pumpkin shells to pan and keep warm, covered with foil. Meanwhile, make risotto while pumpkins roast: Cook diced pumpkin in a medium saucepan two-thirds full of simmering water until tender, 2 to 3 minutes. Drain in a colander. Bring stock and 2 cups water to a simmer in a small saucepan and keep at a bare simmer. Cook  <END>
INPUT: dipping, jumbo shrimp, wooden skewers, garlic, tamarind paste, canola oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Shrimp with Spicy Tamarind Dipping Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 24 jumbo shrimp, shelled and deveined; 8 wooden skewers, soaked in water 20 minutes; 4 cloves garlic, finely chopped; 1/4 cup tamarind paste (found in Asian markets); 1 tablespoon canola oil; 1 tablespoon fish sauce; 1-2 tablespoons red pepper flakes; 1 tablespoon sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat grill on high. Thread 3 shrimp on each skewer; season with salt and pepper. Dipping sauce: Mix remaining ingredients in a bowl. Grill shrimp until cooked through, about 3 minutes per side. Serve with dipping sauce on the side. Heat grill on high. Thread 3 shrimp on each skewer; season with salt and pepper. Dipping sauce: Mix remaining ingredients in a bowl. Grill shrimp until cooked through, about 3 minutes per side. Serve with dipping sauce on the side. <END>
INPUT: pancakes, eggs, buttermilk, cornmeal, all purpose flour, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Buttermilk Cornmeal Pancakes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 large eggs; 2 1/2 cups buttermilk; 2 1/4 cups yellow cornmeal; 1 cup all purpose flour; 1/3 cup sugar; 1 tablespoon baking powder; 1 teaspoon baking soda; 3/4 teaspoon salt; 8 tablespoons (about) butter, melted; Pure maple syrup | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 250°F. Beat eggs in large bowl to blend. Add buttermilk, cornmeal, flour, sugar, baking powder, baking soda and salt. Beat until smooth. Mix in 6 tablespoons melted butter. Add 1/2 tablespoon melted butter to large nonstick skillet over medium heat. Working in batches, pour batter by 1/4 cupfuls into skillet, spacing apart. Cook pancakes until golden brown on bottom and some bubbles begin to break around edges, about 2 minutes. Turn pancakes over; cook until bottoms are golden brown, about 2 minutes. Transfer pancakes to baking sheet; place in oven to keep warm. Repeat with rem <END>
INPUT: rickey, lime juice, Superfine sugar taste, soda seltzer water
OUTPUT: TITLE: Orange Rum Rickey | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 ounces (3 tablespoons) light rum; 1/2 ounce (1 tablespoon) Cointreau or Triple Sec; 1 1/2 tablespoons fresh lime juice; Superfine sugar to taste if desired; Chilled club soda or seltzer water; Lime wedge and strip of orange zest for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: In a tall glass filled with ice combine rum, Cointreau or Triple Sec, lime juice and sugar and top off with soda or seltzer water. Stir drink well and garnish with lime wedge and orange zest. In a tall glass filled with ice combine rum, Cointreau or Triple Sec, lime juice and sugar and top off with soda or seltzer water. Stir drink well and garnish with lime wedge and orange zest. <END>
INPUT: bread, golden raisins, all purpose flour, cake flour, semolina flour, baking soda
OUTPUT: TITLE: Golden Raisin-Fennel Semolina Soda Bread with Buttermilk-Orange Butter | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 cup golden raisins; 2 3/4 cups all-purpose flour; 3/4 cup cake flour; 1/2 cup semolina flour; 1 1/2 teaspoons baking soda; 1 1/2 teaspoons cream of tartar; 1/8 teaspoon fine sea salt; 2 tablespoons sugar; 3 tablespoons very cold unsalted butter, cut into small pieces, plus 2 tablespoons melted; 1 tablespoon roasted, salted fennel seeds or regular fennel seeds; 2 teaspoons finely grated orange zest; 1 1/2 cups very cold buttermilk; 1/2 cup cold buttermilk; 2 teaspoons finely grated orange zest; 2 sticks unsalted butter, slightly chilled | INSTRUCTIONS: For the soda bread: Put the raisins in a bowl and cover with hot water. Set aside until softened, about 30 minutes. Drain and pat dry. Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Sift the all-purpose, cake and semolina flours, and the baking soda, cream of tartar and salt into a large bowl; stir in the sugar. Cut the 3 tablespoons butter into the flour until it resembles a coarse meal. Stir in the fennel seeds and the soaked raisins. In a small bowl, stir the orange zest into the buttermilk, and then add to the flour mixture, stirring with a fork just until a dough comes together. Turn the dough onto a <END>
INPUT: American, casserole, Two asparagus, butter, all purpose flour, milk, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Asparagus Casserole | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: Two bunches fresh asparagus; 4 tablespoons butter; 4 tablespoons all-purpose flour; 1 cup milk; Pinch salt; 5 ounces Cheddar, grated; 4 hard-boiled eggs; 1/2 cup saltine cracker crumbs (about 10 crackers) | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Add the asparagus to a large pot of boiling water, keeping the bundles together with rubber bands or string. Cook for a couple of minutes; the asparagus should be bright green and still crunchy. List the bundles out of the water and slice off the tough ends of the asparagus. Drop the trimmed ends back in the boiling water and lower to a simmer. Run the asparagus tops under cold water to stop the cooking. Melt the butter in a medium saucepan. Whisk in the flour to make a roux. Cook for 1 minute, then whisk in the milk and 1 cup o <END>
INPUT: Asian, lollipops, lemongrass, scallions, ponzu, peppercorns, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Ponzu Marinated Scallop Lollipops | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 4 stalks lemongrass, white part finely minced, green part cut into 2 1/2-inch skewers and soaked in water; 4 scallions finely sliced, save a little for garnish; 1 cup ponzu; 1 tablespoon toasted whole green peppercorns; 1 tablespoon sugar; 1 tablespoon naturally brewed soy sauce; 12 large sea scallops (U-8's), prepped and halved into disks | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat a cleaned, oiled grill. In a bowl, mix together the minced lemongrass, scallions, ponzu, peppercorns, sugar, and soy. Add the scallops and marinate for 8 minutes before cooking. Remove scallops and lay them on a flat surface. Skewer each one with the soaked lemongrass. Season lightly with salt and on the hottest part of the grill cook the scallops for only 1 minute a side. If available, lay out washed whole scallions and lemongrass stalks on a plate in a fan shape. Top with "lollipops". Beverage: Veuve Clicquot Blanc de Blanc or DVX <END>
INPUT: soup, Idaho potatoes, unsalted butter, Spanish onions, leeks, bouquet cheesecloth packet
OUTPUT: TITLE: Potato, Leek and Watercress Soup with Bay Scallops | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 Idaho potatoes, peeled and sliced; 4 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1 large Spanish onions, peeled and medium diced; 3 medium leeks, cleaned and chopped; 1 bouquet garni: cheesecloth packet containing, parsley, peppercorns, bay leaf and thyme sprigs; Salt; White pepper; 4 cups chicken stock; 1 cup heavy cream; 1 1/2 bunches watercress, cleaned, stems removed and coarsely chopped; 1 1/2 pounds fresh bay scallops (rock shrimp or crabmeat can be substituted); Chopped chives, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: In a medium saucepan, cover 1/2 of the potatoes with cold water and a pinch of salt. Bring to a boil and blanch until tender, about 5 minutes. Remove from heat, drain and reserve. In a large pot over medium heat, melt the butter. Add the onions and leeks and stir. Cover the pot and saute the onions and leeks until they are translucent, stirring occasionally, for 5 minutes. Uncover, and add the raw potatoes, the bouquet garni, salt and pepper, chicken stock and cream, and stir. Bring the soup to a simmer over medium heat, uncovered. Simmer until the potatoes are soft, cooking for about 15 minut <END>
INPUT: American, strata, goat cheese, cream, salt pepper, tomatoes, walnuts
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fresh Tomato and Goat Cheese Strata with Herb Oil | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 8 ounces goat cheese, room temperature; 1/4 cup cream; Pinch salt and freshly ground black pepper; 3 fresh tomatoes, sliced 1/2 to 3/4-inch thick; 1 cup chopped toasted walnuts, for garnish; Herb Oil:; 3/4 cup fresh mint; 3/4 cup fresh basil; 1 cup olive oil | INSTRUCTIONS: For the Filling: Combine the goat cheese and cream in a medium bowl. Using an electric mixer, whip together the cheese and the cream. Season with salt and pepper. Set aside. For the Herb Oil: Combine the herbs in a food processor and pulse to chop the herbs. With the machine running add the oil, salt, and pepper. Transfer to a small bowl, cover with plastic wrap and set aside. To serve: Using a serrated knife, cut the tomatoes. Top each tomato with a spoonful of the goat cheese mixture. Place a few tomatoes on a serving plate, drizzle with herb oil, and sprinkle with walnuts. Serve. <END>
INPUT: smashed, unsalted butter, shallots, coriander, carrots, orange juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Smashed Carrots | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 2 tablespoons chopped shallots; 1/2 teaspoon ground coriander; 1 pound carrots, peeled and cut into 1-inch rounds; 1/2 cup orange juice; 2 teaspoons honey; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper to taste | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. Melt the butter in a heavy pan over medium heat. 2. Add the shallots and saut until soft, about 3 minutes. 3. Add the coriander and cook, stirring, for 30 seconds. 4. Add the carrots, juice, honey, salt, pepper, and 1/2 cup water. Bring to a simmer. 5. Cover and cook until the carrots are tender, about 20 minutes. 6. Remove from heat, mash with a fork or potato masher, and serve. 1. Melt the butter in a heavy pan over medium heat. 2. Add the shallots and saut until soft, about 3 minutes. 3. Add the coriander and cook, stirring, for 30 seconds. 4. Add the carrots, juice, honey, salt, pepper, <END>
INPUT: Mexican, option, skirt steak, jumbo hot dogs, butter, basil, cilantro
OUTPUT: TITLE: Option Dog | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 8 ounces ground skirt steak; 4 jumbo hot dogs; 3 tablespoons butter; 1 tablespoon freshly chopped basil; 1 tablespoon freshly chopped cilantro; 1 tablespoon freshly chopped sage; 4 oversized hot dog buns, toasted; 4 jumbo eggs, separated; 1 jar peach preserves; Ground chipotle chile pepper, for sprinkling; 8 strips center-cut thick-sliced bacon, cooked crisp; 2 ounces freshly shredded mild Cheddar; 2 ounces freshly shredded gruyere; 2 ounces freshly shredded pepper jack | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Heat a grill pan to medium-high heat. Add the ground beef to a large nonstick medium pan. Cook until brown and crumbly, about 8 minutes. Grill the hot dogs on all sides. Once cooked, remove from the grill and butterfly down the center. While the beef and hot dogs are cooking, add the butter, basil, cilantro and sage to a hot skillet. Toast the buns on the grill pan with the hot dogs. Spread the melted herb butter on the buns before serving. Fry the egg whites, one egg at a time, in a separate nonstick skillet. Transfer the egg whites to a plate once cooked and re <END>
INPUT: American, meatloaf, squares, sweet potatoes, turkey, onion, panko breadcrumbs
OUTPUT: TITLE: Turkey Meatloaf Squares with Sweet Potatoes | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 4 medium sweet potatoes; Cooking spray; 1 pound 93 percent lean ground turkey; 1 small onion, grated; 3/4 cup panko breadcrumbs (preferably whole-wheat); 1 large egg, lightly beaten; 1/3 cup ketchup; 2 tablespoons hoisin sauce; 1 1-inch piece ginger, peeled and grated; Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature; 2 tablespoons chopped scallions or chives | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Pierce the sweet potatoes all overwith a fork and microwave until tender, about 15 minutes. Meanwhile, coat a rimmed baking sheet with cooking spray. Combine the turkey, onion, panko and egg in a bowl. Add half each of the ketchup, hoisin sauce and ginger and season with salt and pepper. Mix with your hands until just combined. Form into a 9-by-11-inch rectangle on the prepared baking sheet. Mix the remaining ketchup, hoisin sauce and ginger in a small bowl with 2 tablespoons water; brush over the meat. Bake until golden and cooked through, 12 to 15 minutes.  <END>
INPUT: American, cobbler, Two peaches syrup, self rising flour, sugar, milk
OUTPUT: TITLE: Easy Peach Cobbler | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: Two 15-ounce cans sliced peaches in syrup; 1/2 cup (1 stick) butter; 1 cup self-rising flour; 1 cup sugar; 1 cup milk; Homemade Whipped Cream, recipe follows; 2 cups whipping cream, chilled in the fridge; 4 tablespoons sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Drain 1 can of peaches; reserve the syrup from the other. Place the butter in a 9- by 12-inch ovenproof baking dish. Heat the butter on the stove or in the oven until it's melted. In a medium bowl, mix the flour and sugar. Stir in the milk and the reserved syrup. Pour the batter over the melted butter in the baking dish. Arrange the peaches over the batter. Bake for 1 hour. The cobbler is done when the batter rises around the peaches and the crust is thick and golden brown. Serve warm with fresh whipped cream Chill a large metal <END>
INPUT: schnitzel, spaetzle, all purpose flour, eggs, buttermilk, table salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken and Caraway Schnitzel with Buttermilk Spaetzle | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cups all-purpose flour; 3 eggs; 1 1/4 cups buttermilk; 1 teaspoon table salt; 4 (4 1/2-ounce) boneless and skinless chicken thighs, trimmed; 2 cloves garlic, crushed; 1 teaspoon smoked paprika; 2 teaspoons caraway seeds, crushed; 1//4 cup white wine; Sea salt and cracked black pepper; 1/2 cup all-purpose flour; 2 eggs; 1/2 cup buttermilk; 2 cups panko (Japanese) breadcrumbs; Vegetable oil, for shallow-frying | INSTRUCTIONS: Using a meat mallet, pound the chicken thighs to 1/4" thick. Place the garlic, paprika, caraway seeds, wine, salt and pepper in a medium bowl and mix to combine. Add the chicken and toss to combine. Refrigerate for 15 minutes to marinate. To make the spaetzle, place the flour, eggs, buttermilk and salt in a large bowl and whisk to combine. Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. In batches, push spoonfuls of the batter through the holes of a colander into the boiling water to make small dumplings. Cook for 1 minute or until the spaetzle rises to the surface. Remove with a slotted spoon an <END>
INPUT: italian, bacon, olive oil, shallots, oregano, prosciutto
OUTPUT: TITLE: Italian Style Baked Zucchini | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 slices bacon, finely chopped; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 2 tablespoons minced shallots; 1/2 teaspoon dried oregano; 1/2 cup thinly sliced prosciutto; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 12 baby zucchini or 6 small zucchini, trimmed; 1/4 cup chopped flat leaf parsley | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees. In a small skillet render the bacon. When almost crisp, add the olive oil and heat up. When the olive oil is hot, add the shallots and cook for a few minutes or until tender. Add the oregano and prosciutto and simmer for a minute. Remove the skillet from the heat and season to taste with salt and pepper. Cut the baby zucchini in half. If you are using small zucchini, then cut them in half horizontally, then each half in quarters lengthwise. Set them in a lightly oiled gratin dish, skin side down. Sprinkle with the bacon mixture and scatter parsley on top. Cover <END>
INPUT: soup, breadcrumbs, butter, olive oil, onions, Italian parsley, sage
OUTPUT: TITLE: Butternut Squash and Sage Soup with Sage Breadcrumbs | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 tablespoons butter; 1 1/2 tablespoons olive oil; 2 cups chopped onions; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh Italian parsley; 2 teaspoons chopped fresh sage; 4 cups 1/2-inch cubes peeled seeded butternut squash; 1 1/2 teaspoons coarse sea salt; 1 garlic clove, minced; 5 to 6 cups Chicken Stock or 5 to 6 cups purchased organic chicken broth; 2 crustless slices fresh whole grain wheat bread, torn; 4 teaspoons butter; 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh sage | INSTRUCTIONS: For soup: Melt butter with oil in large pot over medium-high heat. Add onions, parsley, and sage; sauté until onions are softened, about 5 minutes. Add squash and coarse salt; sauté until squash softens and onions are golden, about 6 minutes. Add garlic; stir 1 minute. Add 5 cups stock; bring to boil. Reduce heat, cover, and simmer until squash is very soft, about 25 minutes. Cool slightly. Working in batches, puree soup in blender, allowing some texture to remain. Return soup to pot. Thin with stock, if desired. Season with pepper and more salt, if desired. DO AHEAD: Can be made 1 day ahead.  <END>
INPUT: cupcakes, stacked, superfine sugar, eggs, vanilla extract, almond extract
OUTPUT: TITLE: Almond Cupcakes with Raspberry Glaze, Swiss Meringue, and Stacked Almond Cakes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cups (3 sticks) unsalted butter, softened; 2 cups superfine sugar; 5 eggs; 1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract; 2 teaspoons almond extract; 2 1/3 cups all-purpose flour; 1 teaspoon baking powder; 1/2 teaspoon baking soda; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 8 ounces milk; Raspberry Glaze, recipe follows; Swiss Meringue, recipe follows; 48 Staked Almond Cakes, recipe follows; 1 pint fresh raspberries, for garnish; Raspberry jam, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line mini cupcake pans with 48 mini cupcake liners. In the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, cream the butter and sugar on medium speed until light and fluffy. Add the eggs 1 at a time, scraping the bowl after each addition. Add the vanilla and almond extracts. Sift together the flour, baking powder, baking soda, and salt in a large bowl. Alternate folding the milk and flour mixture into the butter mixture. Fill the cupcake liners halfway and bake for 12 minutes. Cool. To assemble: Dip the top of each cupcake into the Raspberry Glaz <END>
INPUT: spears, broccoli, canola oil, garlic, Asian oyster sauce, chicken stock low
OUTPUT: TITLE: Broccoli Spears with Garlic Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 lb broccoli (about 1 head); 1 tablespoon canola oil; 4 garlic cloves, lightly smashed; 3 tablespoons Asian oyster sauce; 1/2 cup chicken stock or low-sodium broth; 1 teaspoon Asian sesame oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Peel off tough outer skin of broccoli stem, then halve broccoli crosswise (top half with florets should equal length of bottom half). Cut bottom half (stem) lengthwise into 1/2-inch-wide wedges, then cut top half (stem with florets) into long spears with 1/2-inch-wide wedges. Heat a wok over high heat until beginning to smoke, then add canola oil and swirl to coat sides. Stir-fry garlic until golden, about 30 seconds, then add broccoli and stir-fry 5 minutes. Stir in oyster sauce and stock and cook, covered, until broccoli is crisp-tender, about 3 minutes. Remove from heat and toss with sesame <END>
INPUT: Mexican, tomato salsa, mayonnaise, squeeze lime juice, dashes hot sauce
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tuna Taco | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 (6-ounce) can tuna in water; 1/3 cup tomato salsa; 1/3 cup mayonnaise; 1 squeeze lime juice; 2 dashes hot sauce; 1 teaspoon sugar; 1 tablespoon chopped cilantro; 1 bag pre-shredded cole slaw; 6 taco shells | INSTRUCTIONS: In a bowl, mix tuna and salsa. In another bowl, combine mayonnaise, lime juice, hot sauce, sugar, and cilantro. Toss mayonnaise mixture with cabbage. Fill taco shells with the tuna mixture and top with the slaw. <END>
INPUT: American, crusted, salad, heirloom variety beets, goat cheese, eggs, half half, all purpose flour
OUTPUT: TITLE: Herb Crusted Goat Cheese and Heirloom Beet Salad | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 24 ounces heirloom variety beets, washed and trimmed; 12 ounces goat cheese, separated into 1 ounce balls; 4 eggs; 1/2 cup half-and-half; 2 cups all-purpose flour; 4 cups Herb Crust, recipe follows; Salt and pepper, to taste; 24 ounces arugula, cleaned; 16 ounces balsamic vinaigrette, recipe follows; 1/2 bunch Italian parsley; 1/4 bunch sage (1-ounce); 1/4 bunch thyme (1-ounce); 1/4 bunch rosemary (1-ounce); 2 garlic cloves, minced; 1/2 quart panko bread crumbs | INSTRUCTIONS: Boil beets until tender. Chill, peel, and cube beets. Form cheese balls into 1 1/4-inch diameter disks. In a bowl, combine eggs and half-and-half together. Place flour and Herb Crust into separate pans. Dredge cheese balls in the flour, then the egg mixture, and finally the herb crust. Stack the medallions on parchment paper to prevent condensation. Fry goat cheese medallions until golden brown. Drain. Toss the arugula in the balsamic vinaigrette, then place the 2 ounces of the arugula in the center of each plate. Arrange about 2 ounces of the beets around the rim. Place 1 goat cheese medallio <END>
INPUT: dipped, peel, oranges, Water, Salt, sugar, dark chocolate
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate-Dipped Orange Peel | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 5 oranges; Water; Salt; 2 1/3 cups sugar; 10 1/2 oz dark chocolate (70% cocoa) | INSTRUCTIONS: Making the Candied Orange Peel Wash the oranges and remove the peel with a sharp vegetable peeler, avoiding any white pith. Put the orange peel in a saucepan with 4 cups water and a pinch of salt. Bring to a boil over high heat and boil for 5 Minutes. Drain. Repeat this process one more time. Put 1 cup of the sugar and 1 2/3 cups water in a clean saucepan and bring to a boil, stirring until the sugar dissolves. Add the blanched orange peel to the boiling syrup, immediately remove from the heat, cover the pan, and set aside overnight at room temperature. The next day, drain the peel, reserving  <END>
INPUT: Asian, low sodium soy, cornstarch, sherry, sugar, ginger
OUTPUT: TITLE: Beef With Broccoli | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup low-sodium soy sauce; 1/4 cup cornstarch; 3 tablespoons sherry; 2 tablespoons brown sugar; 1 tablespoon minced fresh ginger; 2 cloves garlic, minced; 1 pound flank steak, trimmed of fat and sliced very thin against the grain; 3 tablespoons peanut or olive oil; 1 pound broccoli florets; 1/4 cup beef broth; 1/4 cup oyster sauce; Salt as needed (use sparingly); Chow Mein, for serving | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. In a bowl, mix together the soy sauce, cornstarch, sherry, brown sugar, ginger and garlic. Pour half the liquid over the sliced meat in a bowl and toss with your hands. Reserve the other half of the liquid and set aside. Heat the oil in a heavy skillet (iron is best) or wok over high heat. Add the broccoli and stir for a minute. Remove to a plate. Allow the skillet to get very hot again. With tongs, add the meat in a single layer. Spread out the meat as you add it to skillet, but do not stir for a good minute. (You want the meat to get as brown as possible in as  <END>
INPUT: Italian, risotto, spinach, chicken broth, water, onion, olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spinach Risotto | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: a 10-ounce package frozen chopped spinach; 3 cups chicken broth; 1 cup water; 1 cup finely chopped onion; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1 cup long-grain rice; 1/3 cup dry white wine or dry vermouth; 1 teaspoon Pernod if desired; 1/2 cup freshly grated Parmesan cheese | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook spinach according to package instructions and drain well. Cool spinach completely and squeeze dry by handfuls. In a saucepan bring broth and water to a simmer and keep at a bare simmer. In a large saucepan cook onion in oil over moderately low heat, stirring, until softened. Stir in rice, stirring until each grain is coated with oil. Add wine or vermouth and cook, covered, over moderately high heat, stirring, until wine is absorbed. Add about 3/4 cup simmering broth and cook over moderately high heat, stirring constantly, until broth is absorbed. Continue adding broth, about 3/4 cup at a  <END>
INPUT: Italian, hash, virgin olive oil, butter, potatoes, Salt pepper, thyme leaves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Ham and Spinach Hash with Fried Eggs | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, 2 turns of the pan; 4 tablespoons butter, divided; 8 small red potatoes; Salt and pepper; 1 teaspoon fresh thyme leaves, chopped; 1/4 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes; 1 medium red onion, chopped; 1 large ham steak, finely chopped; 4 extra-large eggs; 2 cups baby spinach leaves, chopped or, 1 box, 10 ounces, defrosted frozen chopped spinach, wrung dry in a kitchen towel; 10 leaves fresh basil, chopped or torn, a few rounded spoonfuls of prepared store bought pesto may be substituted; 2 plum tomatoes, seeded and chopped; 1/2 cup grated Parmigiano-Reggiano, a couple of generous handfuls | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat a large nonstick skillet over medium-high heat with 2 turns of the pan of extra-virgin olive oil, about 2 tablespoons, and 2 tablespoons of butter. While the pan is getting hot and the butter is melting, cut the potatoes in half and then thinly slice them, add to the hot skillet and season with salt, pepper, thyme and the crushed red pepper flakes. Cook, stirring every now and then, for about 10 minutes or, until potatoes have browned and are tender. Add the onion and the ham and continue to cook for 3 to 4 minutes Preheat another skillet over medium high heat with 2 tablespoons of but <END>
INPUT: russet baking potatoes, butter, light cream, Salt pepper, Gruyere cheese
OUTPUT: TITLE: Stuffed Baked Potato | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 large russet baking potatoes (such as Idaho); 2 tablespoons butter; 2 tablespoons light cream; Salt and freshly-ground pepper; 1/2 cup grated Gruyere cheese; Garnish: chopped parsley | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 500 degrees. Scrub potatoes, dry thoroughly and prick several times with a fork.. Bake directly on oven rack, turning once or twice, until crunchy on outside, tender within, about 1 hour. Cut off top third of potatoes. Using a spoon, scoop flesh from both parts into a small bowl. Add butter, cream and half of cheese; mash until thoroughly combined. Spoon mixture back in to potato shells; sprinkle each potato with 1 tablespoon of remaining cheese. Place potatoes on a small baking sheet and brown briefly under a preheated broiler, until tops are golden brown and bubbly. Serve wit <END>
INPUT: Italian, frittata, eggs, leftover asparagus, Parmesan, kosher salt, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Asparagus and Parmesan Frittata | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 2 large eggs; 1/4 cup chopped leftover asparagus (1/2-inch pieces) or other leftover vegetables; 1/4 cup grated Parmesan; Pinch kosher salt; Pinch freshly ground black pepper; 1 teaspoon butter; Toasted English muffins, for serving | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Special equipment: a 3- to 4-inch round cookie cutter or ring mold Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. In a medium bowl, beat the eggs until fluffy. Add the asparagus, Parmesan, salt and pepper. Melt the butter in an ovenproof nonstick frying pan over low heat; add the egg mixture and cook, stirring occasionally, for about 2 minutes. Transfer to the oven until cooked through, 5 to 8 minutes. Using a 3- to 4-inch round cookie cutter, punch out rounds from the frittata. Place each round on a toasted English muffin and enjoy! <END>
INPUT: smothered, milk, eggs, salt, pepper, flour
OUTPUT: TITLE: Smothered Pork Chops | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups milk; 4 eggs, beaten; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/2 teaspoon fresh ground black pepper; 3 cups flour; 2 1/2 teaspoons freshly ground black pepper; 2 teaspoons garlic powder; 1 teaspoon cayenne; Vegetable oil, for frying; 4 (5 to 6-ounce) bone-in center cut pork chops; Favorite Onion Gravy, heated | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine milk, egg, salt, and pepper in a shallow bowl. In another shallow bowl, combine flour, pepper, garlic powder, and cayenne. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Fill a large, deep pot or skillet halfway full with vegetable oil and heat to 350 degrees F. Dip pork chops in the seasoned egg wash. Dredge in seasoned flour, lightly coating pork chops. Fry in the vegetable oil until golden brown. Remove from the oil to a paper towel lined plate to drain excess oil. Place chops in a 2-inch deep pan in a single layer. Completely cover pork chops with your favorite onion gravy. Cover pan with foil <END>
INPUT: sugar, olive oil, onions, wine vinegar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pot Roast with Orange and Dates | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 (2 1/2-pound) boneless beef chuck roasts, each about 7x4x2 inches; 4 teaspoons sugar; 3 tablespoons olive oil, divided; 1 pound onions, thinly sliced; 6 tablespoons red wine vinegar; 1/2 teaspoon ground allspice; 2 cups low-salt chicken broth; 1 cup orange juice; 1/2 cup tomato sauce; 2 cups pitted dates; 1/2 cup chopped fresh Italian parsley | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350°F. Sprinkle roasts on each side with salt, pepper, and 1 teaspoon sugar. Heat 2 tablespoons oil in heavy wide ovenproof pot over medium-high heat. Add roasts. Cook until brown, about 8 minutes per side; transfer to plate. Add 1 tablespoon oil and onions to pot. Sauté until dark brown, stirring often, about 10 minutes. Mix in vinegar and allspice; boil until reduced to glaze, scraping up browned bits. Add broth, orange juice, and tomato sauce; bring to boil. Return roasts and accumulated juices to pot. Scatter dates around roasts; sprinkle with parsley. Cover pot; place in o <END>
INPUT: virgin olive oil, wine vinegar, prunes, capers bit brine, oregano
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken with Prunes and Olives | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2/3 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 2/3 cup red wine vinegar; 2 cups pitted prunes; 1/4 cup capers with a bit of brine; 2 tablespoons dried oregano; 20 garlic-stuffed olives; 5 cloves garlic, minced or pushed through a press; 2 bay leaves; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 3 pounds bone-in, skin-on chicken breasts; 1/4 cup light brown sugar; 1/2 cup white wine; 1/2 cup fresh flat-leaf parsley leaves, finely chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine the oil, vinegar, prunes, capers, oregano, olives, garlic, bay leaves, 1/4 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of pepper in a large shallow baking dish. Add the chicken and turn to coat. Cover with plastic wrap and marinate at least 1 hour or overnight. Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Using a slotted spoon, remove the chicken from the marinade to a plate. Pour the marinade into a 9-by-13-inch baking dish. Arrange the chicken on top, skin-side up. Sprinkle the brown sugar over the chicken breasts and pour the white wine around them. Bake, basting three or four times with the pan juices, u <END>
INPUT: soup, olive oil, carrots, onion, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Carrot Soup | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons olive oil; 2 pounds carrots, peeled, sliced; 1 large onion, finely chopped; 6 garlic cloves, peeled; 5 whole cloves; 4 cups (about) canned vegetable broth or water; 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice; Pinch of sugar; 1/4 cup chilled whipping cream; Chopped fresh parsley | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat oil in heavy large saucepan over medium heat. Add carrots, onion, garlic, and cloves and sauté until onion is translucent, about 8 minutes. Add 3 1/2 cups broth. Cover and simmer until carrots are very soft, stirring occasionally, about 30 minutes. Remove cloves from broth and discard. Puree soup in batches in blender. Return soup to same saucepan. Mix in lemon juice and sugar. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Thin to desired consistency with more broth. (Can be prepared 1 day ahead. Cover and refrigerate.) Whisk cream in medium bowl just until slightly thickened, about 10 seconds. S <END>
INPUT: escalloped, fruit, butter, McIntosh apples, Anjou Bosc pear, nutmeg, cinnamon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Escalloped Fruit and Ice Cream | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons butter; 2 McIntosh apples, peeled, quartered, cored, and thinly sliced; 1 ripe Anjou or Bosc pear, peeled, quartered, and thinly sliced; 1/4 teaspoon nutmeg, a few pinches or freshly grated; 1/2 teaspoon cinnamon; 1/4 cup (a handful) brown sugar; 1 pint vanilla ice cream; 8 wafer stick cookies, vanilla wafers, or ginger snaps | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat a nonstick skillet over moderate heat. Add butter and sliced fruit and saute for 5 minutes until the slices of fruit are tender. Season fruit with nutmeg and cinnamon as it sautes. Sprinkle in brown sugar and cook 2 or 3 minutes longer to coat fruit. Spoon the warm fruit over vanilla ice cream and garnish with a couple of cookies or wafer sticks. Mix and match all apple, all pear, use whichever fruits you have on hand, you can even saute sliced peaches or sliced banana and still use the method provided in this recipe. <END>
INPUT: Asian, light soy sauce, mirin, unseasoned rice wine
OUTPUT: TITLE: Steamed Salmon and Spinach with San Bai Su | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1 (14 ounce) package firm tofu; 1 (1 pound) skinless, boneless salmon fillet; 1/4 cup light soy sauce; 1/4 cup mirin; 1/4 cup unseasoned rice wine vinegar; 1 (1/2inch) piece fresh ginger, peeled and grated finely; Freshly ground black pepper; 1 pound fresh spinach, washed and stemmed; 3 scallions, washed and sliced thinly on the bias, for garnish; 2 tablespoons toasted sesame seeds, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Cut tofu into four slabs and place on a thin cotton towel or piece of cheesecloth to drain. Slice salmon fillet into eight slices, each about 3/4inch thick. Place two salmon strips skin side together in a round, yin yang patty and place on top of each piece of tofu. In a small saucepan, bring to a boil the soy sauce, mirin, rice wine vinegar, ginger, and black pepper. Remove from heat and reserve. Place a rack above boiling water in a large pot with a cover. Place tofu/salmon on rack in steamer, surround it with the spinach, and steam, covered, for 4 to 6 minutes. To serve, place a tofu/salmon <END>
INPUT: herb, salad, sea salt, cane sugar, pepper, lemon zest, Meyer lemon zest
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lemon Grilled Salmon with Caramelized Cauliflower and Herb Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2/3 cup sea salt; 1 cup cane sugar; 2 teaspoons white pepper; 2 tablespoons lemon zest; 2 tablespoons Meyer lemon zest; 2 salmon fillets approximately 12 to 14 ounces each; 1 small head of cauliflower; 2 tablespoons grapeseed oil; Salt and pepper to taste; 2 tablespoons chicken glaze, recipe follows; 1/4 cup lemon juice (1/2 Meyer lemon, 1/2 regular); 3 to 4 tablespoons extra virgin lemon oil; Salt and pepper to taste; 1/2 cup parsley leaves; 1/2 cup chervil leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine the salt, sugar and pepper in a small mixing bowl. Combine both lemon zests and coat the salmon fillets with the zest. Pour a thin layer of salt/sugar mixture on a cookie sheet limed with parchment. Place the salmon fillets on the salt/sugar mix. Pour the remaining mixture over the salmon. Allow to sit refrigerated for 2-1/2 hours. Rub the cure off the salmon using dry paper towels. Do not rinse. Split the salmon fillets in half horizontally. Grill the salmon, turning once, until cooked to desired doneness. Cauliflower: Slice the cauliflower into 3/4-inch slices from the top to bottom. <END>
INPUT: torte, fine quality bittersweet, hazelnuts, sugar, eggs
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate Hazelnut Torte | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 ounces fine-quality bittersweet chocolate (not unsweetened), chopped; 1 cup hazelnuts (about 4 ounces); 2/3 cup plus 3 tablespoons sugar; 1 stick (1/2 cup) unsalted butter, softened; 5 large eggs, separated; 1 teaspoon vanilla; 3/4 teaspoon salt; Preheat oven to 375°F. Butter an 8 1/2-inch springform pan and line bottom with a round of wax paper. Butter paper and dust pan with flour, knocking o; 6 ounce fine-quality bittersweet chocolate (not unsweetened), chopped; 1/2 cup heavy cream; Garnish: finely chopped toasted hazelnuts; Accompaniment: whipped cream or vanilla ice cream | INSTRUCTIONS: Make torte: In a metal bowl set over a pan of barely simmering water melt chocolate, stirring until smooth, and cool. Spread hazelnuts in a shallow baking pan and toast in oven until they begin to turn pale golden, 7 to 10 minutes. Cool hazelnuts completely. Discard any hazelnut skins that rub off easily and transfer nuts to food processor. Add 3 tablespoons sugar and grind mixture fine. In a large bowl with an electric mixer beat together butter and remaining 2/3 cup sugar until light and fluffy. Add yolks, 1 at a time, beating well after each addition, and beat in vanilla, salt, and melted c <END>
INPUT: American, milk, granulated sugar, salt, semolina flour, eggs
OUTPUT: TITLE: Milk Pie | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 5 cups whole milk; About 1 cup plus 2 tablespoons granulated sugar; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1 cup semolina flour (5-1/2 oz; see cooks' note, below); 3 large eggs, separated; 1 teaspoon vanilla; 4 oz walnuts (1 cup plus 2 tablespoons); 1 teaspoon cinnamon; 20 (17- by 12-inch) sheets phyllo dough, thawed if frozen; 1 stick (1/2 cup) unsalted butter, melted; Confectioners sugar for dusting | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring milk, 1/2 cup granulated sugar, and salt to a simmer in a 4-quart heavy saucepan. Whisk in semolina, a little at a time, and simmer, whisking constantly, until mixture is the consistency of loose mashed potatoes, about 4 minutes. Remove from heat. Whisk together yolks and vanilla in a large bowl until combined, then whisk in hot semolina mixture, a little at a time, to temper yolks. Cool, stirring occasionally, 15 minutes. Put oven rack in middle position and preheat oven to 375°F. Pulse nuts in a food processor with cinnamon and 2 tablespoons granulated sugar until finely chopped. Put p <END>
INPUT: American, herbed, cream cheese, dill, onions, Belgian endive
OUTPUT: TITLE: Endive with Smoked Trout and Herbed Cream Cheese | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 8-ounce package cream cheese, room temperature; 1/2 cup minced fresh dill (from about 3 bunches); 2 green onions, finely chopped; 1 teaspoon (packed) grated lemon peel; 4 heads of Belgian endive (green and red, if available); 8 ounces smoked trout fillets, broken into 1-inch pieces; Fresh dill sprigs | INSTRUCTIONS: Mix first 4 ingredients in small bowl. Season with freshly ground black pepper. (Can be made 2 days ahead. Cover; chill. Bring to room temperature before using.) Separate endive into leaves. Spread small amount of cheese mixture on base end of each leaf. Top with trout piece; garnish with small dill sprig. Arrange filled leaves on platter. (Can be made 6 hours ahead. Cover; chill.) Mix first 4 ingredients in small bowl. Season with freshly ground black pepper. (Can be made 2 days ahead. Cover; chill. Bring to room temperature before using.) Separate endive into leaves. Spread small amount of c <END>
INPUT: vinaigrette, wine vinegar, Kosher salt pepper, virgin olive oil, Boston other butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Boston Lettuce with Vinaigrette | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon white wine vinegar; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1 large head Boston or other butter lettuce, cored, cleaned and dried (about 7 cups) | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine the vinegar, salt, and pepper in a small bowl and mix until the salt dissolves. Drizzle in the oil as you stir, mixing until the vinegar and oil comes together in a smooth dressing. Tear the lettuce leaves into pieces and put all but a handful in a small salad bowl, then season with salt and pepper. Pour most of the vinaigrette over the lettuce (reserve a little to avoid overdressing) and toss, mixing thoroughly. Add the reserved lettuce, toss again, and then add more vinaigrette if the salad seems too dry. Serve immediately. Copyright 2003 Television Food Network, G.P. All rights rese <END>
INPUT: Italian, meatballs, pork, Chinese spice powder, Salt pepper, gingerroot, Handful breadcrumbs
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chinese Spaghetti and Meatballs | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 12 ounces ground pork; 1 teaspoon Chinese 5-spice powder (about 1/3 palmful); Salt and white pepper; 2 inches gingerroot, 1 inch grated and 1 inch sliced; Handful breadcrumbs; 4 to 6 thin scallions, 1/2 minced, 1/2 finely chopped; 1 egg yolk, beaten; 1 to 2 large cloves garlic, 1/2 grated and 1/2 sliced; Sesame oil, for drizzling; Vegetable oil, for drizzling; 1 to 2 red chiles (depending on your preferred level of heat), seeded and sliced; 2 quarts chicken stock; 3 cups shredded baby bok choy; 1/4 cup soy sauce; About 1/2 pound spaghetti | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Place the pork in a bowl and sprinkle with the Chinese 5-spice powder, salt and white pepper. Add the grated ginger, breadcrumbs, finely chopped scallions, egg yolk, grated garlic and a drizzle of sesame oil. Mix together and roll into small meatballs. Dress in vegetable oil and roast until brown and golden, 15 to 18 minutes. Heat a drizzle of vegetable oil in a soup pot. Stir in the sliced ginger, sliced garlic and chile peppers, followed by the chicken stock, 2 cups water, the bok choy and soy sauce. Simmer to flavor, cooking until the bok choy is tender-cr <END>
INPUT: brined, apple cider, salt, Water, eggs
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cider-Brined Fried Chicken | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups apple cider; 1/2 cup salt; 1 (4 1/2 to 5-pound) chicken, cut into 10 pieces; Water; 2 eggs; 2 tablespoons cayenne pepper; 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 1 cup all-purpose flour; 1/4 cup cornstarch; 2 quarts vegetable shortening, for frying | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large bowl, whisk together cider and salt until salt dissolves. Add chicken pieces and enough water to coat and soak 1 hour in the refrigerator. Chicken should be completely submerged in brine. In a large pot, heat vegetable shortening until a deep-fry thermometer reaches 325 degrees F. Line a sheet tray with a wire rack. In a large bowl, whisk together eggs, cayenne and black pepper. In a paper bag, shake together flour and cornstarch. Drain chicken from brine and dip in batches first in egg mixture then in flour mixture to coat. Set on wire rack to let coating sit for 10 minutes. In 2 b <END>
INPUT: burgers, bacon, garlic, pork, Kosher salt pepper, sage
OUTPUT: TITLE: Perfect Pork Burgers | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 5 slices bacon; 1 clove garlic, minced; 1 pound ground pork; Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper; 1/4 teaspoon dried rubbed sage; Freshly ground pepper; 4 potato buns, split; Unsalted butter, softened, for spreading; Coleslaw, for topping | INSTRUCTIONS: Pulse the bacon and garlic in a food processor until coarsely ground. Combine the ground pork, 1 teaspoon salt, 1/4 teaspoon pepper and the sage in a large bowl. Add the bacon mixture and gently mix with your hands. Gently form the meat into 4 balls, then lightly press into 4-inch-wide, 1-inch-thick patties. Make a 2-inch-wide indentation in the center of each with your thumb to prevent the burgers from bulging when grilled. Preheat a grill to medium high. Season the patties with pepper. Grill, undisturbed, until marked on the bottom, 5 to 6 minutes. Turn and grill until the other side is mark <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, Scant milk, unsalted butter, figs, turbinado light sugar, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sweet Couscous with Figs | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: Scant 2 cups milk; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1/2 cup chopped dried figs; 1/2 to 1 tablespoon turbinado or light brown sugar; Pinch of salt; 1 cup plain couscous; Additional turbinado or light brown sugar; Additional milk, optional | INSTRUCTIONS: Warm the milk with the butter, figs, sugar, and salt in a medium saucepan over medium heat until small bubbles form at the rim and it just begins to approach a boil. Stir in the couscous, cover, and remove form the heat. Let the couscous stand for about five minutes. Spoon into bowls and pass additional sugar at the table, along with milk if you wish. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, salsa, vegetable oil, onion, Italian plum tomatoes, tomato juice, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Red Tomato Salsa | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons vegetable oil; 1 medium onion, thinly sliced; 4 cups diced canned Italian plum tomatoes; 1 cup tomato juice; 2 garlic cloves, peeled; 1 large jalapeno chile, stemmed, seeded if desired; 1 teaspoon salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat the vegetable oil in a medium skillet over moderate heat. Cook the onions until soft, about 10 minutes. Transfer to a food processor fitted with the metal blade or a blender. Add the remaining ingredients and puree, in batches if you are using a blender, until smooth. Pass through a medium strainer, pressing with a spatula or wooden spoon to push through as much as possible. Pour into a saucepan, and add the salt. Bring to a boil, reduce to a simmer and cook, uncovered, 20 minutes. Adjust the seasonings. Set aside to cool for table salsa or use warm for rice or chilaquiles. Store in the r <END>
INPUT: Mexican, creme, brulee, egg yolks, sugar, heavy cream, vanilla bean, condensed milk
OUTPUT: TITLE: Key Lime Creme Brulee | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 3 egg yolks, plus 3 egg yolks; 1 1/2 ounces sugar; 10 ounces heavy cream; 1 vanilla bean, split; 2 ounces sweetened condensed milk; 3 ounces key lime juice; Puff pastry, store bought; Fruit puree, as a garnish, optional | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Over a double boiler, whisk 3 egg yolks and sugar to a thick, ribbon-like texture. In a separate pot, combine the heavy cream and split vanilla bean, and bring to a boil. Temper the egg yolk mixture into the cream, by whisking a little of the hot cream into the eggs, while constantly whisking, and then whisk the yolk mixture back into the hot cream. Return to the heat and, while whisking continually, finish cooking to a custard stage, approximately 1 or 2 minutes. For the second part of the creme brulee, whisk the remaining 3 egg yolks for 1 minute. Add the conde <END>
INPUT: American, cobbler, ice, superfine sugar, orange juice, sherry, Slice orange
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sherry Cobbler | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: Crushed ice; 1 teaspoon superfine sugar; 1 teaspoon orange juice; 3 ounces sherry; Slice of orange; Small pineapple stick; Mint sprig (optional) | INSTRUCTIONS: Fill a large (about 9-ounce) goblet two-thirds full with crushed ice. Add sugar, orange juice, and sherry. Decorate with fruit and a sprig of mint, if you like. Fill a large (about 9-ounce) goblet two-thirds full with crushed ice. Add sugar, orange juice, and sherry. Decorate with fruit and a sprig of mint, if you like. <END>
INPUT: broth, Kosher salt, virgin olive oil, broccoli, Salt, chicken stock
OUTPUT: TITLE: Crispy Broccoli with Capellini in Broth | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Kosher salt; 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 1 large head broccoli, 1 1/4 to 1 1/2 pounds, stems removed and florets trimmed into pieces 2 inches long with a stem about 1/2-inch thick (4 to 5 cup; Salt; 1 quart chicken stock, preferably homemade; 1 to 2 teaspoons hot red pepper flakes, to taste; 1/2 pound capellini; 1 cup freshly grated Parmigiano-Reggiano; Freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring a large pot of salted water to boil for the pasta. Meanwhile, heat the oil in a large skillet over high heat until just smoking. Add the broccoli and season with salt, to taste. Cover and cook until just crispy and brown around the edges, about 3 minutes. Remove the cover, stir, and reduce the heat to medium-high. Cover and cook until the florets are crisp but tender, about 5 minutes. Add the chicken stock and pepper flakes. Add the capellini to the boiling water and cook until al dente, 2 to 3 minutes. Drain the pasta and add to the skillet with the broccoli and stock. Stir in half the  <END>
INPUT: Indian, spiced, tacos, garlic, garam masala powder, kosher salt, pepper, canola oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Indian Spiced Tri-Tip Tacos with Caraway Basmati Rice and Tangy Tomato Sauce | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons minced fresh garlic; 3 tablespoons garam masala powder; 1 tablespoon kosher salt; 1 teaspoon freshly cracked black pepper; 3 to 4 tablespoons canola oil, plus more if needed; 1 (2 to 3-pound) beef tri-tip; 1 tablespoon canola oil; 3 tablespoons minced garlic; 1 tablespoon minced fresh ginger; 1 tablespoon garam masala; 1 (32-ounce) can tomato puree; 1 tablespoon brown sugar; 2 tablespoons apple cider vinegar; 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, to taste | INSTRUCTIONS: For the beef: Mix the garlic, garam masala, salt, and pepper with enough oil to make a paste. Rub the paste all over beef and marinate for 1 hour. Preheat a grill or grill pan and preheat the oven to 450 degrees F. Sear the meat on the grill, sear all sides. Transfer the meat to a roasting pan and finish in the oven until, a thermometer reads an internal temperature of 145 degrees F for medium. Allow the beef to rest before slicing. For the tomato sauce: Meanwhile, in a large pot, heat 1 tablespoon canola oil until shimmering. Add the garlic and ginger and cook until fragrant, about 30 seconds <END>
INPUT: salt, pepper, olive oil, shallots
OUTPUT: TITLE: Salmon with Endive, Dill, and Cream | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 (6- to 7-oz) center-cut pieces salmon fillet with skin (1 1/4 inches thick), any pin bones removed; 3/4 teaspoon salt; 1/2 teaspoon black pepper; 1 tablespoon olive oil; 1/2 cup finely chopped shallots; 2 large Belgian endives (1/2 lb total), quartered lengthwise, cored, and cut crosswise into 1/2-inch pieces; 1/3 cup dry white wine; 1 cup heavy cream; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh dill; 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat broiler. Line rack of a broiler pan with foil, then lightly oil foil. Pat salmon dry, then arrange, skin sides down, on broiler pan. Sprinkle with 1/2 teaspoon salt and 1/4 teaspoon pepper, then broil 4 to 5 inches from heat until almost cooked through, about 6 minutes. Keep warm, loosely covered with foil (fish will cook through from residual heat). Meanwhile, heat oil in a 12-inch heavy skillet over moderately high heat until hot but not smoking, then sauté shallots, stirring, 1 minute. Add endives and sauté, stirring, until softened, 3 to 4 minutes. Add wine and boil over high heat, <END>
INPUT: American, christmas, tree, Two blocks cream, Worcestershire sauce, lemon zest, Cheddar, Kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cheese and Crackers Christmas Tree | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: Two 8-ounce blocks cream cheese, at room temperature; 2 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce; 1 1/2 teaspoons grated lemon zest; 5 cups shredded white Cheddar (about 16 ounces); Kosher salt; 1 pretzel rod; 1/3 cup finely chopped fresh parsley; 1/2 cup pretzel sticks (about 40 pieces); 1/2 cup mini buttery crackers (about 45 pieces); 1/4 cup sliced almonds; 2 tablespoons pomegranate seeds; 2 tablespoons grated Parmesan; Crackers, for serving | INSTRUCTIONS: Put the cream cheese, Worcestershire sauce, lemon zest, shredded Cheddar and 1 teaspoon salt in the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment and mix until thoroughly combined, scraping down the sides with a rubber spatula as needed. Mound about 1/4 cup of the cheese mixture on a serving plate and insert the pretzel rod vertically (the pretzel will help to hold up the structure). Add more of the cheese mixture, forming it around the pretzel rod and into a cone shape about 6 inches wide and 10 inches tall. Press the chopped parsley into the surface of the cheese tree to make it gr <END>
INPUT: layer, filling, cake flour, baking powder, kosher salt, granulated sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lemon Layer Cake with Lemon Cream Filling and Frosting | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 cup (1 1/2 sticks) unsalted butter, softened, plus more for buttering the pans; 2 3/4 cups cake flour (not self-rising), plus more for flouring the pans; 1 tablespoon baking powder; 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt; 1 1/2 cups granulated sugar; 4 large eggs; 2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract; 1 teaspoon finely grated lemon zest plus 1/4 cup fresh lemon juice; 3/4 cup whole milk; 1/2 cup granulated sugar; 1 teaspoon finely grated lemon zest plus 1/4 cup fresh lemon juice; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened; 3 large egg yolks; Pinch of kosher salt; 1/2 cup heavy cream | INSTRUCTIONS: For the lemon cake: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Butter two 9-inch round cake pans, then insert a round of parchment cut to fit just inside the bottom of each pan. Butter the parchment, then flour the pans, tapping out any excess flour. In a medium bowl, stir together the cake flour, baking powder and salt. Using an electric, standing or hand mixer, beat the butter and granulated sugar until very fluffy and pale yellow, about 2 minutes. Add the eggs 1 at a time, then add the vanilla followed by the lemon zest and juice--the mixture may appear to break apart a bit or curdle, but it will c <END>
INPUT: American, cherry, cheesecake, blanched almonds, chocolate wafer cookies, sugar, almond extract
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cherry Cheesecake with Chocolate Almond Crust | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 cup blanched whole almonds, toasted lightly; 20 thin chocolate wafer cookies; 1/2 stick (1/4 cup) unsalted butter, softened; 1/3 cup sugar; 1/2 teaspoon almond extract; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 3/4 teaspoon unflavored gelatin; 1 tablespoon water; 3 cups pitted picked-over fresh tart cherries (about 2 pints); 1/4 cup plus 2 tablespoons sugar; 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice; 1/4 teaspoon almond extract; two 8-ounce packages cream cheese, softened; 1 cup sugar; 3 tablespoons all-purpose flour | INSTRUCTIONS: Make crust: Preheat oven to 350° F. In a food processor pulse almonds until ground. Add chocolate wafer cookies and grind fine. Add butter, sugar, almond extract, and salt and pulse until combined well. Transfer mixture to a 9-inch springform pan and press evenly onto bottom and 1 inch up side. Bake crust in middle of oven 10 minutes and transfer to a rack to cool. Crust may be made 3 days ahead and kept, covered, at room temperature. Preheat oven to 350° F. In a food processor pulse almonds until ground. Add chocolate wafer cookies and grind fine. Add butter, sugar, almond extract, and salt a <END>
INPUT: stir, cornstarch, chicken broth, vegetable oil, garlic, Napa cabbage
OUTPUT: TITLE: Stir-Fried Cabbage with Green Onions | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 teaspoons cornstarch; 3 tablespoons canned chicken broth; 1/4 cup vegetable oil; 1 garlic clove, minced; 4 cups shredded Napa cabbage; 2 tablespoons soy sauce; 1 1/2 tablespoons distilled white vinegar; 1 teaspoon sugar; 3 green onions, sliced | INSTRUCTIONS: Dissolve cornstarch in 1 tablespoon broth in small bowl. Set aside. Heat oil in wok or heavy large skillet over high heat. Add garlic and sauté until golden, about 1 minute. Add cabbage and soy sauce and stir-fry until cabbage is tender, about 1 minute. Add remaining 2 tablespoons broth, vinegar and sugar to wok and continue to stir-fry 1 minute. Add green onions and cornstarch mixture and continue to stir-fry until cabbage is coated and slightly brown, 1 minute. Dissolve cornstarch in 1 tablespoon broth in small bowl. Set aside. Heat oil in wok or heavy large skillet over high heat. Add garli <END>
INPUT: roast, soup, pumpkin, vegetable chicken stock, oil, onions, cumin
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chickpea and Roast Pumpkin Soup | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 lbs pumpkin; 6 cups vegetable or chicken stock; 1 tablespoon oil; 2 onions, finely chopped; 1 teaspoon ground cumin; 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard; 2 tablespoons honey; 1 14-ounce can chickpeas, drained and rinsed; 1/2 cup shredded basil | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. Cut the pumpkin in large wedges, leaving the skin on. Place the wedges in a baking dish and bake for 40 minutes or until soft and golden. In two batches, scrape the flesh into a food processor with 1 1/2 cups of the stock and blend until smooth. Heat a saucepan over medium to high heat. Add the oil, onions, and cumin and cook for 4 minutes or until soft. Add the mustard, honey, the remaining stock and the pumpkin puree and simmer for 5 minutes. Stir through the chickpeas and basil and cook for a further 5 minutes. Serve with grilled bread. <END>
INPUT: American, nuggets, egg, buttermilk, chicken breast, panko bread crumbs, paprika
OUTPUT: TITLE: Panko Chicken Nuggets | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 large egg; 1/3 cup buttermilk; 1 pound boneless skinless chicken breast, cut into bite-size pieces; 1 1/2 cups panko bread crumbs; 1/4 teaspoon paprika; 1 teaspoon garlic powder; 1 teaspoon Italian seasoning; Salt and pepper; 1/2 cup canola or vegetable oil; Ranch, honey mustard or barbecue sauce for dipping, optional; Carrot, cucumber and or celery sticks, optional | INSTRUCTIONS: Whisk the egg and buttermilk in a medium bowl. Soak chicken pieces in egg mixture while you gather remaining ingredients. Meanwhile, in another shallow bowl combine panko with paprika, garlic powder, Italian seasoning, and salt and pepper, to taste. Set a rack on a cookie sheet lined with paper towels. Heat oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Lift chicken from buttermilk, letting excess liquid drain back into the bowl, then dip into panko and turn to coat on all sides. Carefully place chicken in oil and cook until they are golden and crispy and cooked through, about for 5 minutes per side <END>
INPUT: Mexican, deco, florida, onion, lemon, bay leaves, wine, water
OUTPUT: TITLE: Red Snapper "Art Deco": Florida Red Snapper, Purple Potatoes, and Pickled Pink Onions in a Key Lime  | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 onion; 1/2 lemon; 2 bay leaves; 1 cup white wine; 6 cups water; 10 black peppercorns; Salt; 4 pounds Floridian red snapper fillets, trimmed and portioned into 8 servings; Key Lime Sauce, recipe follows; Pickled Pink Onions, recipe follows; Purple Potatoes, recipe follows; 8 medium sized purple Peruvian purple potatoes, sliced into 1/4-inch rings; Salt and white pepper; 3 tablespoons butter; 1 tablespoon diced shallots | INSTRUCTIONS: In a shallow pan, over high heat, combine all the ingredients for the court bouillon and bring to a simmer. Season generously with salt. Place 4 of the snapper fillets into the court bouillon, making sure that they are fully submerged. The liquid should remain just below a simmer. Cook the fish for about 8 minutes until cooked through and remove to a plate. Repeat this with the rest of the fillets. Serve with the purple potatoes, pickled pink onions and the key lime sauce. Place the potatoes in a medium pot and fill with cold water to cover. Season the water with salt and bring to a boil. Cook <END>
INPUT: Italian, gnocchi, Kosher salt, ricotta cheese, Parmesan, virgin olive oil, eggs
OUTPUT: TITLE: Ricotta Gnocchi | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: Kosher salt; 2 cups ricotta cheese; 1/2 cup grated Parmesan; 1 1/2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 2 large eggs; 1 1/4 cups all-purpose flour, plus more for dusting; Semolina flour, for dusting; Pancetta Tomato Sauce, recipe follows, for serving; 6 ounces thick-cut pancetta (about 3 1/4-inch slices), diced; 1/2 cup diced onions; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 cloves garlic, minced; One 28-ounce can crushed San Marzano tomatoes; 5 fresh basil leaves, cut into chiffonade | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Combine the ricotta cheese, Parmesan, olive oil, eggs and 1 teaspoon salt with a whisk in a large mixing bowl. Add the all-purpose flour in 3 parts, stirring with a rubber spatula. Bring the dough together in a ball and cut off one-quarter of it. Dust the work surface with all-purpose flour to prevent sticking, and roll the cut-off piece of dough into a dowel shape about 5/8 inch in diameter. Cut the dowel into 5/8-inch pieces. Dust some parchment paper with semolina flour and place the gnocchi on it to prevent stickin <END>
INPUT: American, young, virgin olive oil, lemon wedges, pepper coarse sea
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fresh Fava Beans with Pecorino Cheese | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 4 pounds fresh, young unshelled fava beans; 1 pound young, fresh sheep's milk cheese, such as pecorino dolce, pecorino, or fresh ricotta; Extra virgin olive oil; Fresh lemon wedges; Fresh ground pepper and coarse sea salt; Italian bread with a good crust, such as ciabatta | INSTRUCTIONS: Shell the favas and discard pods. Drop beans into boiling salted water and cook for 1 to 2 minutes. Drain and immediately plunge into ice water. Drain again and remove tough outer skin from each bean. Place beans in a bowl. Serve with slices of good fresh cheese, a drizzle of olive oil, 1 to 2 drops of lemon juice, freshly ground pepper and a few grains of salt along with a slice of good crusty peasant bread. <END>
INPUT: cheesecake, sauce, graham crackers, flaked coconut, pure coconut extract, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Coconut Cheesecake with Mango Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 11 whole graham crackers (to yield about 1 1/3 cups crumbs); 4 tablespoons (1/2 stick) unsalted butter, melted; 1/3 cup sweetened flaked coconut; 1 teaspoon pure coconut extract; 1/8 teaspoon salt; 1 cup cream of coconut (such as Coco López brand); 1 envelope unflavored gelatin; 1/2 cup heavy cream, chilled; 16 ounces cream cheese, softened and cut into 1-inch chunks; 1 teaspoon pure coconut extract; 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract; One 14-ounce bag frozen mango puree, thawed; 2 tablespoons confectioners' sugar; 1 tablespoon dark rum | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. To make the crust, preheat the oven to 350°F. Place the graham crackers in the work bowl of a food processor and process until finely ground. Combine the crumbs, butter, coconut, coconut extract, and salt in a medium-size mixing bowl and stir until moistened. 2. Press the mixture evenly across the bottom and about 1 inch up the sides of a 9-inch springform pan, packing it tightly with your fingertips so it is even and compacted. Bake until crisp, 6 to 8 minutes. Let cool completely. (The crust may be wrapped in plastic wrap and frozen for up to 1 month.) 3. To make the filling, place 1/2 cu <END>
INPUT: milkshake, strawberries, granulated sugar, strawberry jam, lemon juice, milk
OUTPUT: TITLE: Strawberry Milkshake with Sugar Biscuit Topping | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound fresh strawberries; 3 tablespoons to 1/4 cup granulated sugar (depending on sweetness of berries); 3 tablespoons strawberry jam; 2 teaspoons lemon juice; 1/4 cup whole milk; 10 ounces premium vanilla ice cream; Fresh whole strawberry, for garnish, optional; 1/2 Sugar Biscuit, crumbled, for topping, recipe follows; 2 cups all-purpose flour, plus more for dusting; 2 teaspoons baking powder; 1/2 teaspoon baking soda; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 6 tablespoons cold unsalted butter, cut into small pieces, plus 4 tablespoons, melted; 3/4 cup cold buttermilk; Heavy cream, for brushing | INSTRUCTIONS: For the strawberry base: Put the strawberries in a bowl, add the sugar and gently stir to combine. Let the berries sit at room temperature for 30 minutes, until they start to soften and release their juices. Transfer the mixture to a medium nonreactive saucepan, add the jam and cook over medium-high heat until slightly softened. Coarsely mash the berries using a potato masher or the back of a fork and continue cooking, stirring occasionally, until the mixture thickens to a jam-like consistency, about 20 minutes. Remove from the heat and stir in the lemon juice. Transfer to a bowl, cover and re <END>
INPUT: Italian, better, wheat lasagna noodles, beef, olive oil, portobello mushrooms, good quality marinara
OUTPUT: TITLE: Better Beef Lasagna | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 12 ounces whole-wheat lasagna noodles (15 noodles); 8 ounces lean ground beef (90 percent lean or higher); 2 teaspoons olive oil; 8 ounces portobello mushrooms, diced (about 3 large mushroom caps); 4 cups good quality store-bought marinara sauce; 1 (15 ounce) container part-skim ricotta cheese; 1 (10 ounce) package frozen chopped spinach, thawed and well drained; 1 egg, lightly beaten; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; Pinch ground nutmeg; 1/4 cup grated Parmesan; 3 ounces grated part-skim mozzarella cheese (about 2/3 cup) | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Cook the noodles al dente according to the directions on the package. Drain them well then lay out on waxed paper to prevent them from sticking to each other. Heat a large nonstick skillet over a medium-high heat. Add the beef and cook until no longer pink, breaking it up into small pieces as it cooks, about 3 minutes. Transfer the meat to a plate, discarding any fat remaining in the pan. Add the oil to the same pan and heat over a medium-high heat. Add the mushrooms and cook, stirring occasionally until all the liquid has evapo <END>
INPUT: raspberry, granita, unsweetened raspberries, sugar, premium lemon ice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lemon Ice Cream and Raspberry Granita Sundaes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 16 ounces frozen unsweetened raspberries (about 3 cups), thawed; 2 tablespoons plus 1/2 cup sugar; 1 1/2 cups premium lemon ice cream | INSTRUCTIONS: Puree raspberries in processor until almost smooth. Transfer to fine-mesh strainer set over medium bowl. Using silicone spatula, press on solids to extract puree. Discard seeds in strainer. Transfer 1/3 cup puree to small bowl; add 2 tablespoons sugar and stir until sugar dissolves. Cover; chill for sauce. Bring 3/4 cup water and 1/2 cup sugar to boil in pan, stirring until sugar dissolves. Cool syrup. Stir syrup into remaining puree in medium bowl for granita. Transfer to 8x8x2-inch glass baking dish. Freeze until mixture begins to set, stirring every 45 minutes to break up large pieces, 2 to <END>
INPUT: French, salad, poached chicken, celery, scallions, tarragon dill, parsley
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken Salad | CUISINE: French | INGREDIENTS: 4 cups diced poached chicken, recipe follows; 1 stalk celery, cut into 1/4-inch dice; 4 scallions, trimmed and thinly sliced or 1/4 cup sweet onion cut into 1/4-inch dice; 1 1/2 teaspoons finely chopped fresh tarragon or fresh dill; 2 tablespoons finely chopped parsley; 1 cup prepared or homemade mayonnaise; 2 teaspoons strained freshly squeezed lemon juice; 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard; 2 teaspoons kosher salt; Freshly ground black pepper; 10 sprigs parsley; 2 sprigs fresh thyme; 1 small onion, halved; 1 small carrot, halved; 1 stalk celery, halved | INSTRUCTIONS: In a mixing bowl, toss together the chicken, celery, scallions and herbs. Set aside. In a small bowl, whisk together the mayonnaise, lemon juice, mustard, salt and pepper to taste. Add to the chicken and mix gently until combined. Refrigerate until ready to serve. Put the parsley, thyme, onion, carrot, celery, and chicken breasts in a medium saucepan. Cover with the broth, and bring just to a boil. Lower the heat to very low and cover. Poach the chicken for 20 minutes or until firm to the touch. Remove the pan from the heat, uncover, cool the chicken in the liquid for 30 minutes. Transfer the  <END>
INPUT: Italian, shrimp, basil leaves, bacon, slender bamboo skewers
OUTPUT: TITLE: Bacon, Shrimp and Basil Skewers | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 24 extra large shrimp (about 1 1/2 pounds), peeled and deveined; 24 fresh basil leaves; 24 thin strips bacon, each 6 to 7 inches long; 24 slender bamboo skewers (8 to 10-inches long), soaked in water for 30 minute | INSTRUCTIONS: Hold a shrimp into a straight position in your left hand (or right hand, if you're left handed). Starting at the tail end, insert a skewer running the length of the shrimp. Place a basil leaf on the "back" (the formerly rounded part) of the shrimp. Wrap the shrimp in bacon, tucking in the ends. Skewer and wrap the remaining shrimp the same way. Set up the grill for direct grilling and preheat to high. Arrange the shrimp on a grate, placing an aluminum foil protector under the exposed portion of the skewers to keep them from burning. Grill the kebabs until the bacon is nicely browned and the sh <END>
INPUT: low fat milk, garlic, salt, quick grits, applewood smoked bacon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Shrimp and Grits with Spinach | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 cups low-fat milk; 2 garlic cloves, pressed, divided; 1 teaspoon salt; 3/4 cup quick-cooking grits; 6 slices thick-cut applewood-smoked bacon, cut crosswise into 1/3- to 1/2-inch-wide slices; 1 1/2 pounds deveined peeled uncooked large shrimp; 1 cup sliced shallots (about 4 large); 1 8-ounce bottle clam juice; 2 5-ounce packages baby spinach; Hot pepper sauce; 1 lemon, cut into wedges | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring milk, 1 garlic clove, and salt to boil in medium saucepan. Gradually whisk in grits. Reduce heat to medium-low and simmer until grits are very tender, whisking often, about 8 minutes. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Meanwhile, cook bacon in large nonstick skillet over medium heat until crisp, stirring often. Using slotted spoon, transfer bacon to paper towels to drain. Pour off all but 1 tablespoon drippings. Add shrimp to drippings in skillet. Sauté until shrimp are pink, stirring often, about 1 minute. Sprinkle shrimp with salt and pepper. Add shallots and remaining garlic to ski <END>
INPUT: blinis, crème fraîche sour, very scallions, milk, egg, lemon zest
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lemon Blinis with Caviar and Scallion Crème Fraîche | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/3 cup crème fraîche or sour cream; 2 tablespoons very thinly sliced scallions, divided; 3 tablespoons whole milk; 1 large egg; 2 teaspoons grated lemon zest, divided; 1/4 cup buckwheat flour; 1/4 teaspoon baking powder; 1/4 teaspoon sugar; Pinch of salt; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, divided; 2 ounces caviar, such as trout caviar or salmon roe (see Cooks' Notes) | INSTRUCTIONS: Stir together crème fraîche and 1 tablespoon of the scallions. Melt 1 tablespoon butter in a large non-stick skillet over low heat and scrap into a small bowl. Whisk in milk, egg, and 1 teaspoon zest. Add flour, baking powder, sugar, and salt and whisk until smooth. Melt half of remaining butter in a large nonstick skillet over medium-low heat. Drop 6 rounded teaspoons of batter into skillet and cook until tiny bubbles form on the surface, edges appear dry, and undersides are golden, about 2 to 3 minutes. Flip and cook until golden and cooked through, about 1 to 2 minutes more. Transfer to a p <END>
INPUT: chips, russet, Vegetable oil deep, Fine sea salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Potato Chips | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 pounds russet (baking) potatoes, scrubbed; Vegetable oil for deep-frying, like soy, peanut, or corn; Fine sea salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Slice the potatoes about 1/16-inch thick with a mandolin-style vegetable slicer. Put the slices in tepid water, to cover, and soak for 30 minutes. Fill a tall heavy-bottomed pot, like a stockpot, about a third full with the oil. (Don't over fill the pot with oil, since it bubbles up during frying.) Set a deep frying thermometer in the pot and heat the oil, over medium heat, to 360 degrees F. Drain and spin the potatoes dry in a salad spinner. Spread the potatoes out on a pan and pat them dry with paper towels. When ready to fry, raise the heat to high. Working in small batches, carefully add t <END>
INPUT: bacon, cabbage, water, Basic Mashed Potatoes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cabbage and Bacon Mashed Potatoes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 bacon slices, chopped; 1 1/4 pounds cabbage (about 1/2 small head), cut into 1/2-inch pieces; 1/2 cup water; Basic Mashed Potatoes | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large skillet cook bacon over moderate heat until crisp and with a slotted spoon transfer to paper towels to drain. Add cabbage to bacon fat in skillet and cook, stirring occasionally, until golden, about 5 minutes. Add water and simmer until evaporated and cabbage is tender. Add bacon and season with salt and pepper. Stir mixture into potatoes. In a large skillet cook bacon over moderate heat until crisp and with a slotted spoon transfer to paper towels to drain. Add cabbage to bacon fat in skillet and cook, stirring occasionally, until golden, about 5 minutes. Add water and simmer until <END>
INPUT: Indian, vegetables, sauce, Olive oil, onion, ginger, curry powder, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sauteed Vegetables in Coconut Curry Sauce | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: Olive oil; 1 small onion, diced small; 1 tablespoon fresh ginger, grated; 1 1/2 tablespoons curry powder; 1 tablespoon sugar; 2 cups coconut milk; Kosher salt; Freshly ground black pepper; 1 bunch medium asparagus; 2 cups cauliflower, cut into small florets; 1/2 cup cherry tomatoes, cut in 1/2 | INSTRUCTIONS: In a small saucepan over medium heat put 2 tablespoons oil, then add onions, ginger, curry powder, and sugar, and saute for 1 minute. Add coconut milk, and bring to a simmer. Cook the sauce for about 10 minutes over low heat. Season the sauce with salt, and pepper. Heat a saute pan over medium heat. Put 2 tablespoons oil in the pan, add the asparagus and cauliflower, and saute for 2 minutes. Add a splash of water to steam the veggies, then add 1/2 a cup of the curry sauce to coat the veggies, and cook 1 minute more. Add the tomatoes to the pan, just to warm, and season, to taste. <END>
INPUT: cranberry, cranberries, vanilla scented sugar, salt, Champagne vinegar, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cranberry Vinegar | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 bag fresh or frozen cranberries; 1/4 cup vanilla scented sugar syrup, recipe follows; Pinch salt; 3/4 cup Champagne vinegar (6 percent acidity); 4 cups sugar; 1 cup water; 2 vanilla beans, minced, or 2 tablespoons pure vanilla extract; Pinch salt; 1 sprig fresh thyme, leaves only | INSTRUCTIONS: Put cranberries, syrup and salt in a pan and heat over high heat until cranberries begin to pop. Remove from heat, let cool and then puree in a blender. Add vinegar and taste for balance. Add more vinegar and thin with water if necessary. Strain through a fine strainer into a bowl or pitcher. Store in a clean jar or bottle (do not use metal lids or tops) and refrigerate. Keeps several weeks. Keep this syrup on hand to add to iced tea and other cold drinks or for poaching fruit. It does not need to be refrigerated. The vanilla is minced to make sure all its flavor is extracted into the syrup. P <END>
INPUT: Italian, ming, calzone, dark chicken meat, onions, ginger, Thai bird chiles, zucchini
OUTPUT: TITLE: Ming's Thai Chicken and Zucchini Calzone | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound dark chicken meat, sliced into strips; 2 red onions, sliced and caramelized; 1 tablespoon minced ginger; 4 minced Thai bird chiles; 1 large zucchini, small dice; 4 Roma tomatoes, diced (may be canned); 2 limes; 1/4 cup fish sauce; 1/2 cup Thai basil, chiffonade; 2 cups mozzarella cheese; Canola oil, to cook; Salt and pepper, to taste | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 375 to 400 degrees. Use a pizza stone if available. In a hot skillet or wok, coat with oil and brown seasoned chicken meat on all sides, about 3 minutes. Set aside. In the same skillet, brown onions, ginger chiles and season. Add zucchini, tomatoes, juice, fish sauce and season. Cook until zucchini is tender firm. Drain the mixture then toss with basil and cheese. Check for seasoning. Let mixture cool then stuff calzones. Bake in the oven until golden brown, about 15 to 20 minutes. <END>
INPUT: Italian, cheese, ravioli, plum tomatoes including, bell pepper, garlic, onions, chicken stock chicken
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cheese and Chive Ravioli with Tomato Red Pepper Sauce | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 28-ounce can plum tomatoes including the juice; 1 large red bell pepper, coarsely chopped; 2 large garlic cloves; 2 onions, chopped coarse; 1/2 cup chicken stock or canned chicken broth; 3/4 cup freshly grated Parmesan; 4 ounces mozzarella, grated coarse; 1/2 cup ricotta; 2 tablespoons snipped fresh chives; 1 pound food processor pasta dough; Freshly grated Parmesan as an accompaniment | INSTRUCTIONS: Make the sauce: In a saucepan combine the tomatoes with the juice, the bell pepper, the garlic, the onions, and the stock. Bring the liquid to a boil and simmer the mixture, covered, stirring occasionally, for 30 to 40 minutes, or until the vegetables are very tender. Force the mixture through a food mill fitted with the medium disk into another saucepan, add salt and pepper to taste, and simmer the sauce until it is reduced to about 2 1/2 cups. Make the filling: In a bowl combine well the Parmesan, the mozzarella, the ricotta, the chives, and salt and pepper to taste. Roll out the dough on a  <END>
INPUT: crusted, organic corn kernels, pimentos, garlic, flat leaf parsley
OUTPUT: TITLE: Herb Crusted Salmon with Sweet Corn and Mushrooms | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cups frozen organic corn kernels; 1 (4.5-ounce) jar sliced mushrooms; 2 tablespoons chopped pimentos; 1/2 teaspoon crushed garlic; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh flat-leaf parsley; 3 tablespoons herbs de Provence, divided; 1 tablespoon balsamic vinegar; 1 pound salmon fillet; 2 teaspoons extra-virgin olive oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Lightly spray a baking sheet with olive oil cooking spray; set aside. In a microwave-safe bowl, combine corn, mushrooms, pimentos, garlic, parsley, 1 teaspoon herbs, and vinegar. Mix thoroughly and set aside. Cut salmon into 4 serving portions. Sprinkle remaining herbs on a plate. Use a pastry brush to brush salmon with olive oil. Coat salmon with herbs and place fillets on prepared baking sheet. Bake in preheated oven for 22 to 26 minutes. Cover corn mixture and heat in microwave on HIGH for 2 to 2 1/2 minutes. Serve salmon immediately over corn mixture. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, salad, buckwheat noodles, canola oil, garlic, pork, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Squid and Pork Noodle Salad | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound buckwheat noodles; 2 teaspoons canola oil; 3 cloves garlic, finely chopped; 1/2 pound ground pork; 1 teaspoon salt; 3/4 pound fresh squid, cut into bite-size pieces; 3-6 red Thai bird chiles, finely chopped (found in grocery stores' Asian section); 3 cloves garlic, finely chopped; 1 cup lime juice (from 4 to 5 limes); 1/4 cup plus 1 tablespoon fish sauce; 1/4 cup plus 1 tablespoon sugar; 1 cucumber, seeded and sliced; 1 cup grape tomatoes, halved; 1 cup mixed fresh mint and cilantro; 1/2 cup finely chopped celery hearts | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook noodles as directed on package. Drain, rinse with cold water and set aside. Heat oil in a large nonstick pan over medium-high heat 1 minute. Cook garlic 30 seconds (do not brown). Reduce heat to medium. Add pork and salt; cook until browned, about 2 minutes. Add squid; sauté 1 minute. Cover. Cook until squid is opaque, about 2 minutes. Remove from heat. Sauce: Whisk all ingredients in a bowl. Salad: Toss all ingredients in another bowl. Add noodles to pork and squid; pour half of sauce over the top; toss. Divide among 8 bowls and top with salad. Serve remaining sauce on the side. Cook noo <END>
INPUT: provencale, plum tomatoes, Olive oil brushing, bread crumbs, Parmesan, parsley leaves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tomatoes Provencale | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 large plum tomatoes; Olive oil for brushing tomatoes; 1/4 cup fresh bread crumbs; 3 tablespoons freshly grated Parmesan; 2 tablespoons minced fresh parsley leaves; 1 small garlic clove, minced; Salt and pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Halve the tomatoes horizontally and trim the ends so that they will stand level, cut side up. Brush them all over with the oil and bake them, cut side up, on a baking sheet in the middle of a preheated 325 degree oven for 20 minutes. In a small bowl combine the remaining ingredients with salt and pepper to taste and divide the mixture among the tomatoes. Drizzle oil over the tomatoes and broil them under a preheated broiler about 4 inches from the heat for 2 to 3 minutes, or until the topping is golden brown. <END>
INPUT: tuiles, unsalted butter, sugar, egg at, vanilla, all purpose flour
OUTPUT: TITLE: Coconut Tuiles | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened; 3 tablespoons sugar; 1 large egg white at room temperature; 1/4 teaspoon vanilla; 2 tablespoons all-purpose flour; 1/2 cup sweetened flaked coconut | INSTRUCTIONS: In a bowl cream together the butter and the sugar until the mixture is light and fluffy, add the egg white and the vanilla, and beat the mixture until it is just combined. Sift the flour over the mixture, fold it in, and fold in the coconut. Working in batches drop the batter by rounded teaspoons 4 inches apart into well-buttered baking sheets and pat it into 3-inch rounds with the back of a fork dipped in water. Bake the cookies in batches in the middle of a preheated 425°F. oven for 4 to 5 minutes, or until they are golden around the edges. Working quickly loosen the cookies carefully with a <END>
INPUT: wilted, olive oil, garlic, Swiss chard, Salt pepper, roasted soy nuts
OUTPUT: TITLE: Wilted Swiss Chard with Garlic and Soy Nuts | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 teaspoons olive oil; 2 cloves garlic, minced; 8 cups chopped fresh Swiss chard; Salt and ground black pepper; 1/4 cup roasted soy nuts | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Add garlic and cook 1 minute. Add Swiss chard and cook 3 to 5 minutes, until wilted. Season with salt and black pepper. Remove from heat and garnish with soy nuts. <END>
INPUT: pies, sheet puff pastry, heavy whipping cream, all purpose flour, butter, leeks
OUTPUT: TITLE: Shrimp and Andouille Pot Pies | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 sheet frozen puff pastry (half of 16-ounce packag e all-butter puff pastry or half of 17.3-ounce package regular puff pastry), thawed; 1/2 cup heavy whipping cream; 2 tablespoons all purpose flour; 1 tablespoon butter; 3 1/2 cups sliced leeks (white and pale green parts only; from 3 large); 1/2 pound andouille sausage, cut into scant 1/2-inch cubes; 2 large garlic cloves, minced; 1/3 cup dry vermouth or dry white wine; 1 1.5-ounce package concentrated classic seafood stock (such as Glace de Fruits de Mer Gold) mixed with 2 cups water; or 2 cups bottled clam juice; 1/4 teaspoon dried thyme; 1 8-ounce red-skinned potato, peeled, cut into 1/2-inch cubes; 1 1/2 pounds deveined peeled uncooked jumbo shrimp, cut into 1-inch pieces | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 400°F. Roll out pastry on floured surface to 12-inch square. Cut out four 5 1/2-inch rounds. Place on parchment-lined baking sheet; bake until golden, about 15 minutes. Cool on sheet. DO AHEAD: Can be made 1 day ahead. Wrap airtight and store at room temperature. Preheat oven to 400°F. Whisk cream and flour in small bowl. Melt butter in large skillet over medium heat. Add leeks and sauté until tender, about 10 minutes. Add andouille and garlic and sauté 4 minutes. Add vermouth; simmer until liquid evaporates, about 3 minutes. Add seafood stock mixture and thyme. Bring to simmer <END>
INPUT: pineapple, water, granulated sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fresh Pineapple Ice | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 large ripe pineapple, peeled, cored and cut into 1/4-inch pieces; 1/2 cup water; 3/4 cup granulated sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine water, sugar and pineapple in a large saucepan and bring to a boil over medium heat. Stir, remove from heat and let cool. Process in a food processor to a rough puree. Transfer to a shallow baking dish and freeze until hard, 4 to 5 hours. Just before serving, chop the ice into fine chunks with a fork or ice pick. Serve in large goblets. <END>
INPUT: milanese, center pork chops, Kosher salt pepper, eggs, bread crumbs, virgin olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pork Chop Milanese with Arugula and Teardrop Tomatoes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 center-cut pork chops, 1 inch thick; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 extra-large eggs, lightly beaten; 1 cup fresh bread crumbs, lightly toasted; 1/4 cup plus 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1 tablespoon unsalted butter; 1 bunch of arugula, stems removed; 1/2 pound teardrop tomatoes, halved lenghtwise; 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice; 1 lemon, cut into 4 wedges, seeds removed | INSTRUCTIONS: 1 Remove the bones from the pork chops. Using a meat mallet, carefully pound the pork chops until they are uniformly 1/4 inch thick. Season the pork chops with salt and pepper. Dip each chop into the beaten eggs, allowing excess to drip off. Dredge each chop in the bread crumbs and set on a plate. 2 In a 14- to 16-inch sauté pan, heat 1/4 cup of the olive oil over medium heat until just smoking. Add the butter and allow it to foam for 10 to 15 seconds. Place the chops in the pan and cook until light golden brown on one side, about 5 minutes. Using tongs, carefully turn the chops and cook on th <END>
INPUT: Indian, chutney, sugar, cider vinegar, gingerroot, salt, coriander seeds
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tomato Chutney | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups sugar; 3 cups cider vinegar; 2 tablespoons minced peeled fresh gingerroot; 2 1/2 teaspoons salt; 1 1/2 teaspoons coriander seeds, crushed lightly; 1/2 teaspoon dried hot red pepper flakes; 3 pounds plum tomatoes, peeled, seeded, and quartered; 3 onions, chopped; 1 cup golden raisins | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large heavy saucepan combine the sugar, the vinegar, the gingerroot, the salt, the coriander seeds, and the red pepper flakes and bring the mixture to a boil, stirring until the sugar is dissolved. Add the tomatoes, the onions, and the raisins and simmer the mixture, stirring occasionally, for 1 to 1 1/4 hours, or until it is thickened. Let the chutney cool and transfer it to a bowl or jars. The chutney keeps, covered and chilled, for 3 weeks. In a large heavy saucepan combine the sugar, the vinegar, the gingerroot, the salt, the coriander seeds, and the red pepper flakes and bring the mi <END>
INPUT: Mexican, martinis, Tequila, ice cubes, TripleSec, Twist lime zest, strip
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tequila Martinis | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2 ounces Tequila (preferably aged blue Agave); 4 ice cubes; 1/2 teaspoon TripleSec; Twist of lime zest; 1 strip (1/4 x 3/4inch) of serrano chile (stem and seeds removed) | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: A cocktail skewer In a pitcher or a cocktail shaker, combine the tequila and the ice cubes and stir or shake 20 times. Place the Triple Sec in a chilled cocktail glass, swirl it around to coat the inside of the glass, and discard it. Strain the tequila into the glass. Thread the twist of lime and the strip of chile onto the cocktail skewer, perch it on the rim of the glass, and serve at once. <END>
INPUT: latkes, zucchini, potato, onion, eggs, flour
OUTPUT: TITLE: Zucchini Latkes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 cups zucchini, grated; 1 medium white potato, grated; 1 medium onion, chopped; 3 eggs; 3 tablespoons flour; 2 tablespoons seasoned bread crumbs; Pepper, to taste; Garlic powder, to taste; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 3 tablespoons vegetable oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Mix together the zucchini, potato and onion. Whisk the eggs together and add to the vegetable/potato mixture. Mix together the flour, bread crumbs, pepper, garlic powder and salt and combine with the egg/vegetable mixture. Heat large nonstick frying pan with 3 tablespoons vegetable oil. Drop batter by spoonfuls into hot oil and fry until crisp, turning to fry on the other side. Add small amounts of oil as needed when frying. Turn out on towel paper to drain. Serve quickly, best while hot. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, crusted, chipotle, Two pork tenderloins, Japanese, pecans, rosemary, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pecan-Crusted Pork Tenderloin with Raspberry-Chipotle Sauce | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: Two 1-pound pork tenderloins; 1 cup Japanese (panko) breadcrumbs; 1 cup finely chopped pecans; 4 tablespoons chopped fresh rosemary; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1 teaspoon ground black pepper; 2 egg whites; One 12-ounce jar raspberry preserves; 2 tablespoons adobo sauce, or to taste | INSTRUCTIONS: For the pork: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Prepare the pork tenderloins by rinsing under cold water. Pat dry and set aside. Combine the breadcrumbs, pecans, rosemary, salt and pepper in a 9-by-13-inch pan. Set aside. Place the egg whites in a small bowl and whip slightly. Brush the tenderloins with the whipped egg whites. Then dredge in the breadcrumb mixture, pressing to adhere. Place on a baking sheet. Bake until done, about 25 minutes. Remove from the oven and let rest about 10 minutes prior to slicing. For the raspberry-chipotle sauce: Combine the raspberry preserves with the adobo s <END>
INPUT: Mexican, soy sauce, Sherry, sugar, vegetable oil additional, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Soy Cumin Chicken | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups soy sauce (16 fl oz); 3/4 cup medium-dry Sherry; 1/2 cup plus 1 tablespoon sugar; 1/3 cup vegetable oil plus additional for brushing pans; 1/4 cup minced garlic (from about 5 large cloves); 3 tablespoons Asian sesame oil; 3 tablespoons ground cumin; 1 tablespoon dried hot red-pepper flakes; 10 chicken wings (2 lb total); 6 chicken breast halves with skin and bones (4 1/2 lb total); 6 chicken drumsticks (2 lb total); 6 chicken thighs (2 lb total); 1/2 lime; Accompaniment: lime wedges | INSTRUCTIONS: Stir together soy sauce, Sherry, sugar, vegetable oil, garlic, sesame oil, cumin, and red-pepper flakes in a large glass measure until sugar is dissolved. Divide chicken pieces among 3 large sealable bags, then divide marinade among bags and seal, pressing out excess air. Put bags in a large bowl (in case of leaks) and marinate chicken, chilled, 2 hours. Put oven racks in upper and lower thirds of oven and preheat oven to 450°F. Line 2 large shallow baking pans (18 by 12 by 1 inch) with foil and brush foil with some of oil. Transfer chicken pieces with tongs to a large bowl and pour marinade i <END>
INPUT: tuscan, virgin olive oil, garlic, sage leaves, cannellini beans, kale
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tuscan Beans With Tuna | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 3 cloves garlic, thinly sliced; 16 fresh sage leaves (8 chopped, 8 whole); 2 15-ounce cans cannellini beans; 3/4 pound kale, stems and ribs discarded, large leaves torn in half; Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper; 1 cup grape tomatoes, thinly sliced; 3 inner stalks celery, thinly sliced (with some leaves); 1/2 cup chopped pitted kalamata olives; 1/3 cup chopped roasted red peppers; 1 12-ounce can solid white albacore tuna in water, drained | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat 3 tablespoons olive oil in a deep skillet over medium heat. Add the garlic and chopped sage and cook until the garlic just starts to brown, about 4 minutes. Add the beans (including the liquid from the cans) and 1 cup water. Increase the heat to medium high and cook, stirring occasionally, until slightly reduced, about 10 minutes. Add the kale and cook, stirring occasionally, until the kale is tender and the liquid looks creamy, 8 to 10 minutes. Season with salt and pepper. Meanwhile, toss the tomatoes, celery, olives and roasted peppers in a medium bowl. Heat the remaining 3 tablespoons  <END>
INPUT: cheesecake, graham cracker crumbs, granulated sugar, cinnamon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cheesecake Cupcakes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cups graham cracker crumbs; 1/4 cup granulated sugar; 1/4 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1/3 cup (about 5 tablespoons) unsalted butter, melted; Cupcakes:; 2 cups all-purpose flour; 1 teaspoon baking powder; 1/4 teaspoon baking soda; Pinch fine sea salt; 1 1/2 sticks (6 ounces) unsalted butter, at room temperature; 1 1/2 cups granulated sugar; 3 large eggs; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; 3/4 cup sour cream; 1/2 cup milk | INSTRUCTIONS: For the crust: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line two 12-cup standard muffin tins with paper liners. Combine the graham cracker crumbs, granulated sugar, cinnamon and butter in a small bowl. Drop a heaping tablespoon of graham cracker mixture into each muffin cup. Press to create a firm layer of crust on the bottom. Bake 7 minutes. Set aside to cool completely. For the cupcakes: Combine the flour, baking powder, baking soda and salt in a medium bowl. Using a hand mixer or stand mixer, cream the butter and granulated sugar together until fluffy, 2 to 3 minutes. Add the eggs, one at a time, <END>
INPUT: American, meatballs, eggs, celery salt, few grinds pepper, panko breadcrumbs
OUTPUT: TITLE: Blue Cheese Chicken Meatballs | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 8 boneless, skinless chicken thighs, cut into chunks; 2 eggs; 1 tablespoon celery salt; A few grinds freshly ground white pepper; 1 cup panko breadcrumbs; 1/2 cup crumbled blue cheese; Grapeseed oil, for cooking; 2 cups flour; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 cups tomato juice; 1 tablespoon rice wine vinegar; 2 tablespoons hot sauce (recommended: Tabasco); Pinch celery salt; Few grinds white pepper; Salt | INSTRUCTIONS: For the meatballs: Place the chicken thighs, eggs, celery salt, and white pepper in a food processor. Pulse until the meat is ground but still a little bit chunky. Do not make a smooth paste! Transfer the chicken mixture to a bowl. Stir together the breadcrumbs and blue cheese until combined. Fill a small bowl with water. To form the meatballs, wet your hands a little and shape the mixture into 1-inch balls. Lay the meatballs on a sheet tray. Heat a large, deep pan over medium-high heat and add the oil to fill about 1/4-inch up the sides. Do not fill the pan completely with oil. Pour the flour <END>
INPUT: Mexican, salsa, olive oil, onion, rice, Kosher salt, cilantro
OUTPUT: TITLE: Brown Rice and Beans with Ginger Chile Salsa | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons olive oil, divided; 1 medium onion, chopped, divided; 1 cup brown rice; Kosher salt; 1/2 cup coarsely chopped fresh cilantro, divided; Freshly ground black pepper; 1 teaspoon ground coriander; 1 teaspoon ground cumin; 2 15-ounce cans black beans, rinsed; 1 cup low-sodium vegetable broth or water; 2 red jalapeños or Fresno or Holland chiles, stemmed, halved, seeded; 1 garlic clove; 1 tablespoon chopped peeled ginger; 1 tablespoon finely grated lime zest; 1/4 cup fresh lime juice | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat 1 tablespoon oil in a medium saucepan over medium heat. Add 1/4 of onion and cook, stirring occasionally, until softened, about 5 minutes. Add rice and stir to coat. Add 2 cups water and season with salt. Bring to a boil, reduce heat to low, cover, and cook until rice is just tender, 40-50 minutes. Remove from heat. Let stand, covered, for 10 minutes. Fluff rice with a fork. Fold in 1/4 cup cilantro; season with salt and pepper. While rice is cooking, heat remaining 1 tablespoon oil in a medium saucepan over medium heat. Add 2/3 of remaining onion. Cook, stirring occasionally, until onion <END>
INPUT: Asian, neely, peanut oil, onion, garlic, knob ginger, onions
OUTPUT: TITLE: Neely's Pineapple Fried Rice | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon peanut oil; 1 onion, chopped fine; 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped; 1-inch knob ginger, peeled and finely chopped; 2 green onions, sliced, plus more for garnish; 1 small red bell pepper, finely chopped; 4 ounces finely chopped ham steak; 1 cup finely chopped pineapple; 4 cups day old white or brown rice; 1 teaspoon toasted sesame oil; 2 tablespoons soy sauce | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat a large skillet over medium heat and add the peanut oil. When the oil shimmers, add the onion, garlic, ginger, and green onions. Saute until tender and golden, about 5 minutes. Stir in the red bell pepper and the ham steak and saute until the pepper starts to soften. Add the rice and pineapple and mix with a wooden spoon to break up any lumps. Stir-fry until lightly browned, about 5 minutes, stirring constantly. Mix in the sesame oil, and the soy sauce. Taste and season with salt, if necessary. Transfer to a serving bowl and serve. <END>
INPUT: Italian, herbed, poblanos, poblano chiles, milk ricotta, scallion greens chives, cilantro, mint
OUTPUT: TITLE: Herbed Ricotta and Roasted Poblanos on Endive | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 2 fresh poblano chiles; 3/4 cup whole-milk ricotta (preferably fresh); 1/4 cup chopped scallion greens or chives; 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh cilantro; 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh mint; 3/4 teaspoon kosher salt, or to taste; 2 Belgian endives, trimmed and leaves separated; Garnish: thinly sliced radishes and fresh cilantro | INSTRUCTIONS: Lay chiles on their sides on rack of a gas burner and turn flame on high. (Or put chiles on rack of broiler pan about 2 inches from heat.) Roast chiles, turning with tongs, until skins are blackened, 5 to 8 minutes. Transfer chiles to a bowl and let stand, covered, 15 minutes. While chiles stand, stir together ricotta, scallions, cilantro, mint, and salt. Rub skins off chiles with paper towels and discard stems and seeds (if desired, devein to further reduce heat). Finely chop chiles and stir into ricotta mixture. Spoon some of mixture onto base of each endive leaf. Lay chiles on their sides o <END>
INPUT: beignets, dipping, sugar, butter, bourbon, cider vinegar, fine sea salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Apple Cider Beignets with Butter-Bourbon Dipping Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup sugar; 1/4 stick butter, cut into pieces; 2 tablespoons bourbon; 1/4 teaspoon cider vinegar; 1/8 teaspoon fine sea salt; 2 tablespoons heavy cream; About 8 cups canola oil, for frying, plus 1 tablespoon for the batter; 1 large egg; 1 cup sparkling apple cider, at room temperature; 1 1/4 cup plus 1/2 cup all-purpose flour; Pinch ground cinnamon, optional; 1 pound Golden Delicious apples (2 or 3), peeled, cored and sliced into 1/4-inch thick rings; Confectioners' sugar, for dusting | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. For the dipping sauce: Because the caramel takes a little while to cook, start by placing the sugar in a large, heavy skillet. Heat the sugar over medium heat, stirring with a fork until it begins to melt. Once it is melted, stop stirring. Cook the sauce, giving the skillet a swirl every now and again, so the sugar melts evenly. Cook until it is dark amber in color, and then remove from the heat. Keep an eye on the sugar because it can go from dark amber to burnt in a blink. Put an oven mitt on the hand you will be using to stir in the ingredients and stand back  <END>
INPUT: Asian, limeade, water, sugar, ginger, lime juice, lime garnish
OUTPUT: TITLE: Ginger Limeade | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 3 1/2 cups water; 3/4 cup sugar, or to taste; 2 tablespoons minced fresh ginger; 1 cup fresh lime juice; Thin lime slices for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: In a small saucepan stir together 2 cups of the water, the sugar, and the ginger, bring the mixture to a boil, stirring until the sugar is dissolved, and simmer it for 3 minutes. Strain the syrup through a fine sieve set over a bowl and let it cool. In a pitcher combine the cooled syrup, the remaining 1 1/2 cups water, and the lime juice and stir the limeade well. Divide the limeade among the tall glasses filled with ice cubes and garnish each drink with a lime slice. In a small saucepan stir together 2 cups of the water, the sugar, and the ginger, bring the mixture to a boil, stirring until t <END>
INPUT: salad, oven, seedless grapes, virgin olive oil, shallots, Sherry wine vinegar, honey
OUTPUT: TITLE: Arugula Salad with Pears, Oven-Dried Grapes, and Roasted-Shallot Vinaigrette | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 pounds seedless red grapes, stemmed; 4 teaspoons plus 3/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 4 shallots (about 4 ounces), peeled; 1/4 cup Sherry wine vinegar; 2 tablespoons honey; 12 ounces arugula (about 16 cups), tough stems removed; 3 ripe pears, quartered, thinly sliced | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 250°F. Line rimmed baking sheet with parchment. Arrange grapes in single layer on baking sheet. Drizzle with 3 teaspoons olive oil; toss to coat. Place shallots on sheet of heavy-duty foil; drizzle with 1 teaspoon oil. Enclose in foil; place in small baking dish. Bake until shallots are very soft, about 1 1/2 hours, and grapes are shriveled and lightly caramelized, about 2 1/2 hours. Cool. Do ahead: Can be made 2 days ahead. Cover separately; chill. Bring to room temperature before using. Combine shallots and accumulated juices, vinegar, and honey in blender and puree. Season w <END>
INPUT: Indian, tandoori, mango, Major Grey's chutney, lime juice, vegetable oil, cayenne, paprika
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tandoori Shrimp and Mango Salad | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup Major Grey's chutney; 2/3 cup fresh lime juice; 1/2 cup vegetable oil; 1 teaspoon cayenne; 1 tablespoon paprika; 2 teaspoons ground cumin; 2 teaspoons ground coriander seeds; 4 garlic cloves, crushed; a 1-inch piece fresh gingerroot, peeled and chopped; 2 fresh serrano or jalapeño chilies, seeded and chopped (wear rubber gloves); 3/4 cup plain yogurt; 1 teaspoon freshly grated lime zest (about 1 lime); 2 pounds medium shrimp (about 50), shelled and deveined; 1/4 cup vegetable oil for frying; 6 cups packed tender watercress sprigs, washed well and spun dry | INSTRUCTIONS: Make dressing: Force chutney through a sieve into a bowl and whisk in lime juice, oil, cayenne, and salt to taste. Dressing may be made 1 day ahead and chilled, covered. Bring dressing to room temperature before using. Force chutney through a sieve into a bowl and whisk in lime juice, oil, cayenne, and salt to taste. Dressing may be made 1 day ahead and chilled, covered. Bring dressing to room temperature before using. Make marinade: In a large non-stick skillet dry-roast paprika, cumin, and coriander seeds over moderate heat, stirring occasionally, until fragrant and several shades darker, ab <END>
INPUT: Mexican, sandwiches, canola oil, annatto seeds, onions, garlic, lime
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Halibut Sandwiches with Chorizo Mayo | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup canola oil; 1 tablespoon annatto seeds; 3 green onions, whites and light green parts sliced; 2 to 3 cloves garlic; 1 lime, zested and juiced; 1/2 jalapeno, seeds and ribs still intact; 1/2 cup fresh cilantro leaves; 1 teaspoon ground cumin; Pinch red chile flakes; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; Six 6-ounce fillets halibut from the middle to tail part of fish (not too thick); 3 tablespoons unsalted butter; 6 ciabatta rolls; 1 cup Chorizo Mayo, recipe follows; 3 whole dill pickles, finely sliced lengthwise | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. To a small saute pan, add 1/2 cup of the canola oil and the annatto seeds. Turn the heat to medium and allow the annatto seeds to color the oil, stirring often, 2 to 3 minutes. Strain and reserve the oil. To a food processor, add the green onions, garlic, lime juice and zest, jalapeno, cilantro, cumin, chile flakes and some salt and pepper. Turn the food processor on and stream in the annatto-colored oil plus the remaining 1/2 cup canola oil. Process until thoroughly combined. Put the halibut fillets into a resealable bag and pour in the marinade. Place in the re <END>
INPUT: skinned potatoes, Kosher salt, bacon, unsalted butter oil, flat leaf parsley
OUTPUT: TITLE: Crispy Potatoes with Bacon, Garlic, and Parsley | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 pounds red-skinned potatoes, quartered with skin (about 1 1/2-inch pieces); Kosher salt, plus 1 teaspoon; 3 pieces bacon, cut into 1-inch pieces; 1 to 2 tablespoons unsalted butter or oil; 2 tablespoons chopped flat-leaf parsley leaves; 1 to 2 large cloves garlic, minced; Freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Put the potatoes and salt in a medium saucepan and cover with cold water. Bring to a boil over high heat and simmer for 1 minute, then drain. Pat dry. Meanwhile, put the bacon in a well-seasoned cast iron skillet or a saute pan over medium-low heat, and cook until nearly all the fat has rendered and the bacon is crispy, aromatic, and browned, about 5 minutes. Remove the bacon with a slotted spoon and set aside on a paper towel lined plate. Add the 1 to 2 tablespoons of butter or oil to the remaining bacon fat. Increase the heat to medium. Add the potatoes, positioning them in the pan so the cu <END>
INPUT: salad, lemon juice, Dijon mustard, honey, pepper, fine sea salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Parsley Salad with Toasted Almonds and Lemon | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 1/2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard; 1 teaspoon honey; 1/2 teaspoon black pepper; 1/4 to 1/2 teaspoon fine sea salt; 1 clove garlic, grated; 1/4 cup olive oil; 1 cup cold, cooked rice, such as basmati; 5 cups roughly chopped Italian parsley, with tender stems; 1 cup whole almonds, toasted and roughly chopped; 1/2 cup finely diced sweet onion, such as Vidalia; Zest of 1 lemon; Dashes hot paprika, for garnish, optional | INSTRUCTIONS: Make the dressing right in the serving bowl: Combine the lemon juice, mustard, honey, pepper, salt and garlic in a large bowl and whisk to combine. Slowly add the olive oil, whisking until emulsified. Reheat the rice until steaming. (I just microwave it for a few minutes.) Add the parsley to the dressing and toss to combine. Add the rice, almonds, onions and lemon zest, and toss well. Serve, garnished with a couple dashes of hot paprika if desired. <END>
INPUT: American, Salt, soft goat cheese, aged Cheddar, lacinato kale
OUTPUT: TITLE: Gluten-Free Macaroni and Cheese | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: Salt; 16 ounces (2 boxes) dried gluten-free elbow macaroni; 4 ounces soft goat cheese (chevre), crumbled; 4 ounces aged white Cheddar, grated; 1 large bunch lacinato kale, stems removed, leaves cut into ribbons | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook the macaroni. Set a large pot of salted water over high heat. (Add enough salt to the water to make it taste like the ocean.) Bring the water to a boil. Add the macaroni. Stir for at least 1 minute to make sure the pieces do not stick together. Set the timer for 8 minutes. Set up the sauce. While the pasta is boiling, put the goat cheese, Cheddar and kale in the bottom of a large, wide bowl. Finish the dish. When the macaroni is tender but still has a bite (al dente), remove it from the pot with a Chinese spider or slotted spoon. Put it on top of the cheese and kale. Pour in about 1/3 to  <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, spanish, pantry, olive oil, parsley leaves, almonds, smoked paprika, kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Olive Oil Fried Eggs with Spanish Pantry Sauce | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup olive oil; 1/4 cup fresh parsley leaves; 2 tablespoons whole almonds; 1 teaspoon smoked paprika; 1 teaspoon kosher salt; 1/2 teaspoon fresh ground pepper; 6 jarred sundried tomatoes packed in oil; 3 jarred roasted red peppers; 1 clove garlic; 8 1 1/2-inch-thick slices crusty Italian bread; 1 3/4 cups olive oil; 8 eggs; Kosher salt and fresh ground pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: For the sauce: Combine the oil, parsley, almonds, paprika, salt, pepper, tomatoes, red peppers and garlic in a food processor and pulse until smooth. Taste and adjust the seasoning if necessary. For the eggs: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Place the bread on a baking sheet. Brush the bread with 1/4 cup of the olive oil. Toast in the oven until toasted and lightly browned, 6 to 8 minutes. Heat the remaining 1 1/2 cups olive oil in a large nonstick saute pan set over medium heat. Crack 4 of the eggs into the pan making sure each egg has enough room for the white to spread out. Fry the eggs a <END>
INPUT: virgin olive oil, onion, celery, carrot, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Baked Beans With Swiss Chard | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil; 1/2 small onion, chopped; 1 small stalk celery, finely chopped; 1 small carrot, finely chopped; 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped; Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper; 1 small bunch Swiss chard or mustard greens, stems removed, leaves chopped; 1/2 cup diced smoked turkey or lean ham (about 2 ounces); 1 15-ounce can whole tomatoes, crushed by hand; 2 15-ounce cans pinto beans, drained and rinsed; 1 15-ounce can navy beans, undrained; 1/4 cup chopped fresh parsley; 1 teaspoon chopped fresh thyme; 1 teaspoon chopped fresh oregano | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Heat the olive oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Add the onion, celery, carrot, garlic and 1/4 teaspoon each salt and pepper; cook, stirring occasionally, until the vegetables are soft and golden, about 7 minutes. Add the chard, turkey and 1/4 cup water to the skillet; cook, stirring, until the chard wilts slightly, about 3 minutes. Add the tomatoes with their juice, increase the heat to medium high and simmer until slightly reduced, about 5 minutes. Add the pinto beans, then add the navy beans and their liquid. Add the parsley, thyme and oregano and r <END>
INPUT: chicken, vegetable oil, onion, ginger, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken Korma | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound boneless skinless chicken; 1 tablespoon vegetable oil; 1/2 cup finely chopped onion; 1 teaspoon grated fresh ginger; 1 to 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped; 1 jar (15 ounces) Patak's® Korma Curry Cooking Sauce; 1/4 cup chopped roasted cashews for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Dice chicken into 3/4-inch pieces. Set aside. Heat oil in a heavy skillet on medium-high heat. Add onions and fry until golden brown. Stir in ginger and garlic. Add chicken pieces and fry until chicken starts to turn white, about 5 to 7 minutes. Stir in the cooking sauce and bring to boil. Reduce heat, cover and simmer for about 10 minutes; stir occasionally. Transfer to a serving dish. Garnish with the cashews. Serve with rice or flat bread. <END>
INPUT: soup, parsley, water, porcini mushrooms, virgin olive oil, garlic, crimini
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mushroom and Leek Soup with Parsley Dumplings | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups water; 3/4 ounce dried porcini mushrooms*; 3 1/2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, divided; 4 garlic cloves, minced; 1 pound crimini (baby bella) mushrooms, sliced; 1 teaspoon finely chopped fresh thyme; Fine sea salt; 3 tablespoons dry Sherry; 1 1/2 cups chopped onion; 3 cups thinly sliced leeks (white and pale green parts only; about 2 large); 8 cups Light Vegetable Broth or good-quality canned vegetable broth (such as Swanson); Pinch of cayenne pepper; 3/4 cup (scant) low-fat cottage cheese; 6 tablespoons (3/4 stick) butter, room temperature, divided; 2 large eggs, room temperature | INSTRUCTIONS: For soup: Bring 2 cups water and porcini mushrooms to boil in small saucepan. Remove from heat, cover, and soak 20 minutes. Using slotted spoon, transfer mushrooms to work surface; slice thinly. Reserve cooking liquid. Heat 2 tablespoons oil in heavy large skillet over medium-high heat. Add garlic; stir 30 seconds. Add crimini mushrooms and thyme; sprinkle with sea salt and sauté until mushrooms are browned, stirring often, about 12 minutes. Add Sherry; stir until liquid is absorbed, about 1 minute. Set mushroom mixture aside. Heat 1 1/2 tablespoons oil in another heavy large skillet over medi <END>
INPUT: bruschetta, olive oil, lemon juice, Salt pepper, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lemon Parsley Bruschetta | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons olive oil; 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 6 (3 1/2 by 1/2-inch-thick) slices rustic white bread, halved; 1 large garlic clove; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh Italian parsley leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: Whisk the olive oil and lemon juice in a small bowl to blend. Season with salt. Heat a grill pan over medium-high heat. Grill the bread until golden brown, about 2 minutes per side. Rub the cut sides of the toasts with the garlic. Generously brush the lemon mixture over the bread. Sprinkle with the parsley. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. <END>
INPUT: American, butter, onion, celery, carrots, flour
OUTPUT: TITLE: Turkey Pot Pie | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons butter; 1 onion, chopped; 2 stalks celery, chopped; 3 carrots, chopped; 4 tablespoons flour; 4 cups chicken or turkey stock; 2 potatoes, peeled and diced; 2 cups shredded turkey; 2 tablespoons chopped parsley; 1/2 cup frozen peas, thawed; 1 prepared pie crust; 1 egg, lightly beaten | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Melt butter in saucepan and cook chopped onion until tender. Stir in celery and carrots and cook for 2 minutes. Stir in flour and cook for 2 minutes. Add chicken stock and bring to a simmer. Add potatoes and simmer until tender. Stir in turkey, parsley and peas. Pour mixture into casserole. Top with pie crust and brush with egg. Bake for 30 minutes until crust is golden. <END>
INPUT: salad, shiitake mushroom caps, portobello mushrooms, button mushrooms, balsamic vinegar, olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Mushroom and Malanga Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound large shiitake mushroom caps; 3 portobello mushrooms; 1 pound button mushrooms; 1/4 cup balsamic vinegar; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1 tablespoon minced garlic; 2 tablespoons fresh thyme leaves; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh rosemary leaves; 1/2 cup thinly sliced shallots; 1/2 cup thinly sliced scallions, white and green parts; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 1/2 pounds malanga, peeled and sliced 1/2-inch thick; 11 ounces fresh goat cheese, crumbled; 1/2 cup white truffle oil; 2 cups vegetable oil, for frying | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large bowl, combine the mushrooms. Add the vinegar, olive oil, garlic, thyme, rosemary, shallots, scallions, salt, and pepper. Marinate for 1 hour. Prepare a hot fire in the grill. Remove the mushrooms from the marinade and reserve the marinade for later. Place a vegetable/fish grill rack on the grate. Place the mushrooms on the rack and grill for 2 to 3 minutes per side. The portobellos may require a bit more time on the grill. When the mushrooms are cooked, transfer to a plate and let cool. Cut them into 1/2-inch pieces and transfer them with any accumulated juices to the reserved balsa <END>
INPUT: potatoes, Kosher salt, Butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Salt Roasted Potatoes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 pounds small red potatoes; Kosher salt; Butter, for serving | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat oven to 375 degrees F. Wash and thoroughly dry the potatoes. Place in a baking pan just large enough to hold the potatoes in a single layer. Pour 1 1/2 cups salt over the potatoes and bake until the potatoes are tender in the middle, about 1 hour 15 minutes (depending on size of potatoes). Serve either in the salt for pretty presentation, or removed from salt and in a serving dish. Serve with butter. <END>
INPUT: Italian, soup, tomato paste, Sugar taste, Parmesan cheese, plum tomatoes, olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cream of Roasted Tomato Soup | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup tomato paste; Sugar to taste, if needed; 2 tablespoons freshly grated Parmesan cheese, optional; 1 1/2 pounds ripe plum tomatoes; 5 tablespoons olive oil; 2 minced garlic cloves; 1/2 teaspoon dried oregano, crumbled; 1/4 teaspoon dried basil, crumbled; 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 1/2 cup finely chopped onion; 1 cup chicken broth; 1/4 cup dry red wine; 3/4 cup heavy cream | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 475 degrees. Halve tomatoes lengthwise and lay them cut sides down in a jelly-roll pan. Brush generously with 3 tablespoons oil and sprinkle with garlic, oregano, basil, and pepper. Roast tomatoes until their edges are charred, about 15 to 20. Scrape tomatoes, oil, and herbs from pan into food processor. Process until not quite smooth (leaving small chunks and charred black specks). In a saucepan cook onion in remaining 2 tablespoons oil until translucent. Whisk in roasted tomato puree, broth, and wine. Then whisk tomato paste. Heat the cream and whisk in to the tomato mixture. <END>
INPUT: sangria, apple cider, cognac, apples, pomegranate seeds, milliliter cava other
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sparkling Apple Cider Sangria | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups apple cider; 1/2 cup cognac; 2 apples, peeled, cored and julienned; 1/4 cup pomegranate seeds; One 750-milliliter bottle cava or other dry sparkling wine, chilled | INSTRUCTIONS: Put the apple cider, cognac and apples in a large pitcher and stir to combine. Chill for at least an hour. Stir most of the pomegranate seeds into the mixture, reserving a few for garnish. Pour in the cava. Pour the sangria into glasses and garnish each with a few pomegranate seeds. <END>
INPUT: foster, half vanilla ice, crepes, bananas, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Bananas Foster | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 half-gallon vanilla ice cream in square container; 8 crepes, recipe follows; 4 bananas; 8 tablespoon (1 stick) unsalted butter; 1/2 cup sugar; 1/4 cup packed light brown sugar; 1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1/4 teaspoon ground nutmeg; Juice of one-half lemon; 1/4 cup orange-flavored liqueur (recommended: Grand Marnier); 1/4 cup dark rum; Confectioners' sugar and fresh mint sprigs, for garnish, optional; 1 cup all-purpose flour; 2 tablespoons sugar; 1/8 teaspoon fine salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Cover a baking sheet with plastic wrap or foil. Using a serrated knife, cut ice cream package in half lengthwise through the cardboard. Wrap one half in plastic wrap and freeze for another use. Halve the remaining piece lengthwise. Flip the ice cream, with the 2 pieces still together, so the cut side is up, and cut it crosswise into 4 equal sections – you'll have 8 pieces of ice cream. Place a crepe on the work surface and place a piece of ice cream in the center. Fold the crepe over the ice cream to enclose completely. Place the filled crepes on the prepared baking sheet. Continue with the re <END>
INPUT: Italian, crostini, prosecco, garlic, bay leaf, sweet Italian sausages, Olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sweet Sausage and Pepper Crostini | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 4 cups prosecco; 3 cloves garlic, smashed, plus 2 cloves, chopped; 1 bay leaf; 2 large sweet Italian sausages; Olive oil; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; Baguette, sliced on the bias 1/4-inch thick; 2 red bell peppers; 2 yellow bell peppers; 1 onion, halved and sliced; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh basil; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh oregano; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh thyme | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Pour the prosecco into a deep skillet and bring to a simmer over medium heat. Add the smashed garlic, bay leaf and sausages. Simmer until the sausages are cooked through, about 15 minutes. Remove the sausages, reserve the cooking liquid, and let the sausages rest a few minutes. Bring the cooking liquid to a simmer and cook until reduced and slightly thickened into a sauce. Slice the sausages on the bias into thin slices. In a small bowl, combine the chopped garlic with a few tablespoons of olive oil and some salt and pepper. Brush the garlic and oil onto each <END>
INPUT: Italian, olive oil, onion, garlic, chuck beef, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pasta with Beans and Beef | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons olive oil; 2 cups chopped onion; 1 tablespoon chopped garlic; 1 pound ground chuck or lean beef; 3/4 teaspoon dried crushed red pepper; 6 1/2 to 7 1/2 cups canned beef broth; 1 15- to 16-ounce can kidney beans, drained; 1 8- ounce can tomato sauce; 1 pound small shell pasta or elbow macaroni | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat oil in heavy large pot over medium-high heat. Add onions and garlic; sauté 5 minutes. Add meat and red pepper. Sauté until meat is no longer pink, breaking up large pieces, about 5 minutes. Add 6 1/2 cups broth, beans and tomato sauce; bring to a boil. Mix in pasta. Reduce heat to medium, Simmer uncovered until pasta is just tender but still firm to the bite, stirring often and adding remaining broth by 1/4 cupfuls if mixture is too thick, about 12 minutes. Season with salt and pepper. Heat oil in heavy large pot over medium-high heat. Add onions and garlic; sauté 5 minutes. Add meat and  <END>
INPUT: cherry, herb, almonds, mint leaves, cilantro leaves, lamb's lettuce, olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cherry, Almond, and Herb Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup sliced almonds, toasted; 1/4 cup roughly chopped fresh mint leaves; 2 tablespoons roughly chopped fresh cilantro leaves; 5 ounces washed and dried lamb's lettuce, stemmed (aka corn salad or mache); 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1 tablespoon white wine vinegar; 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt; 1/4 teaspoon black pepper; 1/4 cup dried tart cherries | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. In a small skillet, toast the sliced almonds until just browned; set aside. Combine the herbs and lettuce in a bowl and toss to combine; set aside. In a separate bowl, whisk together oil and vinegar and season well with salt and pepper. Drizzle dressing over salad and toss to coat. Taste, adjust seasoning as needed. Top with the cherries and almonds and serve immediately. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, sauce, lime juice, garlic, hot pepper flakes, olive oil, cilantro
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Pork Chops with Garlic Lime Sauce | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup fresh lime juice; 1 garlic clove, minced; 1/4 teaspoon dried hot red-pepper flakes; 1/3 cup olive oil; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro; 6 (1/2-inch-thick) boneless pork chops | INSTRUCTIONS: Whisk together lime juice, garlic, red-pepper flakes, and 1/4 teaspoon salt, then add oil in a slow stream, whisking well. Whisk in cilantro. Prepare a gas grill for direct-heat cooking over medium-high heat. Pat pork dry and season with salt and pepper. Oil grill rack, then grill pork chops, covered, turning over once, until just cooked through, 5 to 6 minutes total. Serve drizzled with some vinaigrette, and with remainder on the side. Whisk together lime juice, garlic, red-pepper flakes, and 1/4 teaspoon salt, then add oil in a slow stream, whisking well. Whisk in cilantro. Prepare a gas gri <END>
INPUT: Asian, sour, long grain rice, water stock, garlic, ginger, soy sauce
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sweet and Sour Long Beans | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups long grain rice; 3 1/2 cups water or stock; 2 garlic cloves, minced; 3 tablespoons grated fresh ginger; 4 tablespoons soy sauce; 1/4 cup plus 2 tablespoons freshly squeezed lime juice; 3 tablespoons brown sugar; 1 tablespoon peanut oil; 1/4 pound ground pork; 1 1/2 pounds yard long beans, trimmed and cut into 2 inch pieces (regular green beans can be substituted) | INSTRUCTIONS: To cook the rice: Place the rice and water in a glass-measuring cup large enough to hold them or any microwave safe bowl. The rice expands a lot during cooking, so choose a container large enough to accommodate the final product. Microwave on high, uncovered, for 10 minutes. Microwave on medium-low, uncovered, for 15 minutes. Do not stir the rice at any time during the cooking process. Season with salt and fluff with a fork just before serving. To prepare long beans: In a small non-reactive bowl, combine garlic, ginger, soy sauce, lime juice and brown sugar, stir until completely mixed. In a l <END>
INPUT: empanadas, sweet potatoes, cream cheese, sugar, lemon juice, Kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sweet Potato Empanadas | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup sweet potatoes, mashed or pureed; 1/4 cup cream cheese, softened; 1 tablespoon brown sugar*; 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice; Kosher salt; 1 tube refrigerated ready-made crescent rolls (uncooked dough); 1/3 cup granulated sugar; 2 teaspoons ground cinnamon; 1/4 cup butter, melted; 3/4 cup plain yogurt | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. In a small bowl, mash the sweet potatoes with a fork, and mix in the cream cheese, brown sugar if using, lemon juice, and pinch of salt until creamy. Remove the dough from the tube and separate into 4 rectangles. Working with 1 rectangle at a time, roll over the perforated lines in the dough to seal together. Cut the rectangle in half and then cut the halves into 2 triangles. Place a heaping teaspoon of sweet potato filling in the center of each of 4 triangles. Fold the dough over on each, as if you were making ravioli, and pinc <END>
INPUT: chicken, Flour, butter, Salt, wine
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken Sauté with White Wine | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 1/2 to 4 pound chicken, quartered; Flour (optional); 4-6 tablespoons butter; Salt, freshly ground pepper; 1 cup white wine (Pouilly Fuissé or White Pinot); Garnish: chopped parsley or chives | INSTRUCTIONS: Brown the chicken pieces in the butter, turning each piece to color evenly. When browned, season to taste with salt and pepper and add 1/2 to 3/4 cup white wine. Reduce heat and continue cooking until chicken is tender. You may cover the pan during part of the cooking time, which speeds the process, or cook uncovered. Any additional flavorings that you choose may be added during the cooking and the chicken pieces should be turned over once or twice to bathe them thoroughly in the flavorings and juices. When the chicken is tender and cooked, remove it to a hot platter. Rinse the pan with a litt <END>
INPUT: milanese, panko, Parmesan, eggs, pork loin chops, Salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pork Milanese | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup panko (Japanese bread crumbs); 1/2 cup finely grated Parmesan; 2 large eggs; 6 boneless pork loin chops, pounded thin to 1/3 inch-thick (1 1/2 pounds total); Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1/4 cup plus 3 tablespoons olive oil; 6 lemon wedges | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the oven to 200 degrees F. Coarsely crush the panko into a large shallow bowl. Stir the cheese into the panko. Lightly beat the eggs in another large shallow bowl. Sprinkle the pork generously with salt and pepper. Dip the pork, 1 piece at a time, in the egg, allowing the excess to drip off, then dredge the pork in the crumb mixture, patting to coat completely. Place the pork on a small baking sheet. Heat 1/4 cup of oil in a heavy large skillet over medium-high heat. Add half of the pork to the hot oil and cook until golden brown and just cooked through,  <END>
INPUT: caramel, pull, muscovado sugar, granulated sugar, cinnamon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Caramel and Cashew Pull-Apart Bread with Coffee Ice Cream | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Nonstick cooking spray; 1 1/4 cups muscovado sugar; 1 cup (2 sticks) unsalted butter, melted; 1 cup granulated sugar; 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 3/4 cup roughly chopped cashews, toasted; 2 pounds Dinner Roll Dough, recipe follows, cut into about 40 pieces; Coffee ice cream, for serving; 4 cups all-purpose flour; 2 tablespoons sugar; 1 1/4 teaspoons salt; Two 1/4-ounce packages rapid-rise yeast; 1 cup whole milk; 1/4 cup unsalted butter, plus more for greasing; 1 egg, lightly beaten | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Special equipment: a 12-cup Bundt pan Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F and place a rack in the center of the oven. Grease a 12-cup Bundt pan with cooking spray. Stir to combine the muscovado sugar and butter, then set aside. In a large bowl whisk to combine the granulated sugar and cinnamon. Coat 10 to 12 pieces of the dough in the cinnamon-sugar mixture and place the pieces in the bottom of the prepared pan. Sprinkle in 1/4 cup of the cashews. Drizzle with one-quarter of the butter mixture. Repeat the layering process two more times, and finish with a layer of  <END>
INPUT: granita, Lemon Simple Syrup, limoncello liqueur, fine sea salt, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Limoncello Granita | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cups Lemon Simple Syrup, recipe follows; 1 cup (8 ounces) mascarpone cheese, at room temperature; 1/2 cup limoncello liqueur; Pinch fine sea salt; 1 cup sugar; 1 cups water; 1 lemon, zested and juiced | INSTRUCTIONS: Place the simple syrup, mascarpone cheese, limoncello, and salt in a food processor. Process until the mixture is smooth. Pour the mixture into an 8-by-8-inch glass baking dish. Freeze for at least 4 hours or until the mixture is firm. Using the tines of a fork, scrape the mixture into small serving bowls or glasses. Serve immediately. Lemon Simple Syrup In a small saucepan, combine the sugar, water, lemon zest, and lemon juice over medium heat. Bring to a boil, reduce heat, and simmer for 5 minutes, stirring occasionally, until the sugar has dissolved. Remove the pan from the heat and allow t <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, soup, crostini, virgin olive oil, garlic, oregano, wine vinegar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cannellini Bean Soup with Kale and Garlic-Olive Oil Crostini | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil, plus more for the bruschetta; 6 to 8 cloves garlic, thinly sliced, plus 1 or 2 more whole cloves; 2 teaspoons dried oregano; 1 (6-ounce) can tomato paste; 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar; 2 (15-ounce) cans cannellini beans, drained and rinsed; 2 quarts chicken stock, water, or a combination; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 large bunch kale, large ribs removed, chopped; 1 baguette | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat oil in a large pot. Add garlic and oregano and cook no more than a minute. Add tomato paste and vinegar, and cook another minute. Add beans and stock and bring to a simmer. Season with salt and pepper. Add kale and simmer, partially covered, for 1 hour. Season, to taste, again with salt and pepper before serving. Slice baguette on a heavy angle to create long slices. Toast in a toaster or in the conventional oven. Rub once or twice with half a garlic clove. Season a shallow plate of extra-virgin olive oil with salt and dip each side of bread into the oil. Serve as accompaniment to the sou <END>
INPUT: Italian, breakfast, focaccia, unsalted butter, pizza dough, seedless grapes, fennel seeds, honey
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grape Ricotta Breakfast Focaccia | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted; 1 pound fresh pizza dough; 1 cup seedless red grapes, halved; 1 teaspoon fennel seeds; 1 tablespoon honey; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; Ricotta, for serving | INSTRUCTIONS: Put a baking sheet in the oven and preheat oven to 450 degrees F. Pour the melted butter on a 12-inch round pizza pan. Place dough on pan and turn to coat with butter. Gently stretch dough to fit pan. Scatter grapes on top of dough and sprinkle fennel over all. Bake in oven, rotating the pan halfway through, until dough is brown and grapes are grapes get juice and reduce in size, 20 to 25 minutes. Remove the focaccia from the oven. Drizzle with the honey, sprinkle 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt and 1/4 teaspoon pepper evenly over all. Let focaccia cool 10 minutes or more before serving. Slice into e <END>
INPUT: Asian, iced, water, piece ginger, honey, bags tea, Mint
OUTPUT: TITLE: Ginger Green Iced Tea | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 5 cups water; 2 1/2-inch piece of fresh ginger (unpeeled is okay), coarsely chopped; 3 tablespoons honey; 6 bags of green tea; Mint sprigs (optional) | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. Place 2 cups water and the ginger into a saucepan and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat to low and simmer for 5 minutes. Stir in the honey. Remove the pan from heat and add the tea bags. Steep for 3 minutes, and then strain out all the solids. 2. In a large pitcher combine the strained tea with the remaining 3 cups water. Chill in the refrigerator. Serve over ice, garnished with mint sprigs, if using. 1. Place 2 cups water and the ginger into a saucepan and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat to low and simmer for 5 minutes. Stir in the honey. Remove the pan from heat and add the tea bags. Stee <END>
INPUT: jack, pudding, liters cola, milk, sugar, heavy cream, whiskey
OUTPUT: TITLE: Jack and Cola Bread Pudding with Whiskey Ice Cream | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 liters cola; 2 cups milk; 1 cup sugar; 4 cups heavy cream; 3/4 cup whiskey; 9 egg yolks; 3/4 cup sugar; 3 cups heavy cream; 6 cups chopped bread | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. For the cola reduction: First, pour the cola into a medium saucepot and bring to boil over high heat. Once boiling, reduce the heat to a simmer and reduce the cola down until one-quarter of the liquid remains, about 30 minutes. Chill to room temperature. For the ice cream: While the cola is reducing on the stove, take the milk and sugar and bring to a simmer in medium saucepan to dissolve the sugar. Once the milk is warm, combine with the heavy cream and whiskey; this is your ice cream base. Pour the base into an ice cream machine and blend until a thick consiste <END>
INPUT: virgin olive oil, onion, garlic, beef, ketchup
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chili Dogs | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Extra-virgin olive oil; 1 medium onion, chopped; 2 cloves garlic, chopped; 1 pound lean ground beef; 1 medium jar ketchup, about 2 1/2 cups; 1 teaspoon chili powder; 2 tablespoons prepared yellow mustard; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 4 all-beef hot dogs (recommended: Ball Park); 4 hot dog rolls; 1/2 cup grated Cheddar | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Put a skillet over medium heat and drizzle in a 2-count of olive oil. When the oil gets hazy, add the onion and garlic and cook, stirring, until it is soft and translucent, about 5 minutes. Add the ground beef, breaking it up with the back of a spoon, and cook until nicely browned, about 10 more minutes. Stir in the ketchup, chili powder, and mustard and simmer for 15 minutes until thickened. Season with salt and pepper. While the chili is cooking, get the grill going. Place a large grill pan on 2 burners over medium-high heat or preheat an outdoor gas or charcoa <END>
INPUT: parsley leaves, chives, Salt pepper, unsalted butter, truffle oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Prosciutto Truffle Butter Breadsticks | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 teaspoons chopped parsley leaves; 2 teaspoons chopped chives; Salt and freshly ground white pepper; 1/2 cup unsalted butter, softened (1 stick); 4 tablespoons white truffle oil; 16 breadsticks; 1/4 cup grated Parmesan; 16 slices prosciutto, thinly sliced | INSTRUCTIONS: Mix parsley, chives, salt and white pepper with softened butter and truffle oil, then spread on a flat plate. Dip each breadstick in butter mixture so that 3/4 of the stick is covered to hold prosciutto in place. Roll in Parmesan, then wrap a slice of prosciutto over the buttered 3/4 length of each stick, leaving a dry end of stick for guests to serve themselves. <END>
INPUT: buns, water, milk, active yeast, unsalted butter, egg yolk
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cinnamon Buns | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup water; 1/2 cup whole milk; 2 1/4 teaspoons active dry yeast (1/4 ounce package); 1/4 cup unsalted butter, melted, plus more for the bowl; 1 large egg yolk; 1 1/2 teaspoon pure vanilla extract; 2 3/4 cup all-purpose flour (13 ounces); 1/4 cup sugar (1 3/4 ounces); 3/4 teaspoon fine salt (1/8 ounce); 1/2 teaspoon grated nutmeg; 1/3 cup granulated sugar; 2 tablespoons ground cinnamon; 3/4 cups (1 1/2 sticks) unsalted butter, very soft, plus more for coating the pan; 2/3 cups confectioners' sugar; 1/3 cup sweetened condensed milk | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine the water and milk in a medium saucepan and warm over low heat until it is about 100 degrees F (but no more than 110 degrees). Remove from heat and sprinkle the yeast over the surface over the liquid. Sprinkle a pinch of the sugar over the top and set aside without stirring, until foamy, about 5 minutes. Whisk the butter, egg yolk and vanilla into the yeast mixture. Whisk the flour, the sugar, salt and nutmeg in a large bowl. Make a well in the center of the flour and stir in the yeast mixture with a wooden spoon to make a thick and slightly sticky dough. Turn dough onto a floured work <END>
INPUT: upside, down, unsalted butter, firmly dark sugar, dark rum, pineapple, cake flour
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pineapple Upside-Down Cake | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 5 tablespoons unsalted butter, plus more for preparing the pan; 1/2 cup firmly packed dark brown sugar; 1 tablespoon dark rum; 3/4 small fresh pineapple, peeled; 1 1/2 cup cake flour; 1 1/4 teaspoons baking powder; 1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1/4 teaspoon ground nutmeg; 1/4 teaspoon fine salt; 3/4 cup unsalted butter (1 1/2 sticks), at room temperature; 1 1/4 cups sugar; 3 large eggs, at room temperature; 1/2 cup whole milk, at room temperature | INSTRUCTIONS: Place a rack in the middle of the oven and preheat to 350 degrees F. Cut out a circle of parchment or wax paper and place it in the bottom of a 9 x 2-inch round cake pan. Lightly butter the sides of the pan. To make the topping: Heat a small saucepan over medium-high heat. Add the butter and cook, stirring occasionally, until it's browned and has a nutty aroma, about 5 minutes. Remove from the heat and whisk in the brown sugar and rum. Pour the butter-sugar mixture into the cake pan. Using a rubber spatula, spread the mixture out so it to covers the bottom of the pan. Quarter the pineapple len <END>
INPUT: reduction, apple cider, pears, honey, light bodied wine, cinnamon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cinnamon Roasted Pears with Cider Reduction | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups apple cider; 4 ripe but firm medium pears, preferably Bartlett, unpeeled; 1/4 cup honey; 2 tablespoons light-bodied red wine (Beaujolais would be perfect); 1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Simmer the cider in a small saucepan until it becomes a thick, golden syrup, about 1 hour. Let cool until ready to serve.(The sauce can be refrigerated for up to 1 week.) Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Halve the pears lengthwise, and using melon baller, remove the seeds. Cut the halves in half lengthwise. Combine the honey, wine, and cinnamon in a 9 by 13-inch baking dish. Add the pears and toss to coat. Bake until lightly browned and tender, about 20 to 30 minutes. Serve the pears warm or at room temperature, surrounded by a "swoosh" of cider reduction. <END>
INPUT: olive oil, onion, garlic, Olive oil, orzo
OUTPUT: TITLE: Creamy Orzo with Fresh Vegetables | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1 small onion, chopped; 2 cloves garlic, crushed; Olive oil; 2 cups orzo; 2 cups steamed vegetables, carrots, broccoli, squash, etc; 4 cups low sodium canned chicken stock; Parmesan, grated; Salt; Pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat oil in large sauce pan, cook onion over medium high heat for 2 minutes. Stir In garlic and cook for 30 seconds. Stir in uncooked orzo & and toss to coat and cook for 1 minute. Reduce heat to medium. Slowly stir in 1/2 cup of stock at a time. Adding the next half cup when the previous one has been absorbed. When orzo is tender stir in a drizzle of olive oil and season with salt and pepper. Toss orzo with steamed vegetables. Serve with grated Parmesan and black pepper. <END>
INPUT: golden, brown, Yukon Gold potatoes, unsalted butter, capers, coarse bread crumbs
OUTPUT: TITLE: Golden Potatoes with Caper Brown-Butter Crumbs | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 pounds Yukon Gold potatoes, peeled, halved, and sliced 1/4 inch thick; 1 stick unsalted butter; 1/4 cup drained capers, chopped; 2 cups coarse fresh bread crumbs (preferably from a baguette) | INSTRUCTIONS: Put a 4-sided sheet pan in upper third of oven and preheat oven to 425°F. Cover potatoes with 2 inches water in a 5-to 6-quart pot and add 1 tablespoon salt. Simmer until almost tender, about 10 minutes. Drain potatoes well. While potatoes simmer, heat butter in a small saucepan over medium-low heat, swirling pan occasionally, until browned and fragrant, about 5 minutes. Remove from heat and stir in capers. Keep warm, covered. Toss potatoes with 3 tablespoons caper butter, then spread out in hot sheet pan. Stir remaining caper butter into bread crumbs and scatter over potatoes. Roast, turning  <END>
INPUT: Indian, thai, chicken, serrano peppers, Anaheim peppers, shallot, lemongrass
OUTPUT: TITLE: Thai Green Curry Chicken | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 2 serrano peppers, seeds removed; 2 Anaheim peppers, seeds removed; 1 shallot; 1 lemongrass stalk, about 5 inches, after trimming, roughly chopped; 1 (2-inch) knuckle ginger, chopped; 1 teaspoon anchovy paste; 1 tablespoon hot curry powder; 1 1/2 teaspoons ground cumin; 1/2 teaspoon ground coriander; 1/2 tablespoon ground turmeric; 1/4 teaspoon ground ginger; 1/4 teaspoon ground cloves; 3 tablespoons vegetable oil; 1 tablespoon vegetable oil; 3 tablespoons green curry paste | INSTRUCTIONS: To make the Green Curry Paste: In a food processor, combine the peppers, shallot, lemon grass and fresh ginger, and pulse to roughly chop. Add in anchovy paste, spices and oil and puree to form a paste. In a large heavy pan over medium-high heat, add the oil and 3 tablespoons of the green curry paste. Stir rapidly for 1 minute, then slowly add the coconut milk. Stir for 2 minutes and bring to a boil. Add in the peppers and onions, then reduce heat and simmer for 3 minutes. In a large measuring cup, combine lime juice, fish sauce, brown sugar, and cornstarch. Slowly pour into simmering coconut  <END>
INPUT: biscuits, King Arthur Unbleached, baking powder, salt, Cabot Sharp Cheddar, heavy cream
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cabot Cheddar Cream Biscuits | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups King Arthur Unbleached All-Purpose Flour; 2 teaspoons baking powder; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 4 ounces Cabot Sharp Cheddar, finely diced (about 1 cup); 1 1/2 cups heavy cream | INSTRUCTIONS: Place rack in upper third of oven and preheat oven to 450 degrees F. Butter baking sheet and set aside. Into large bowl, sift flour, baking powder and salt. Stir in cheese. With fork, stir in cream a little at a time until no dry bits remain and dough has formed (you may not need all the cream). Turn dough out onto lightly floured work surface and knead about 6 times. Roll or press dough into 3/4-inch-thick circle. Cut out rounds with floured 2 1/2-inch cutter or inverted glass, pressing scraps together to cut additional biscuits. Alternatively, cut circle into 10 wedges. Place biscuits 1 inch <END>
INPUT: horns, sheet puff pastry, egg, water, Powdered sugar shaker, cream
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cream Horns | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 sheet frozen puff pastry, thawed; 1 egg; 1 teaspoon water; Powdered sugar in a shaker; 1 cup cream, whipped; 1 tablespoon sugar; Fresh fruit such as clementine sections, kiwi, strawberries, blueberries; 24 karat gold leaf (optional) | INSTRUCTIONS: Grease 8 cream horn metal cones. Cut the puff pastry into 1/2-inch wide strips. Starting at the point of the cone, wind the pastry around the cone, overlapping the layers slightly to cover the cone with a spiral of pastry. Freeze in an airtight container. Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. When ready to bake, whisk the egg with the water and lightly brush the pastry with the egg wash. Shake powdered sugar all over the surfaces and place them, seam side down on a parchment paper lined sheet pan. Bake for about 20 minutes or until golden brown. Let cool on the cones. Then remove and fill the cornuco <END>
INPUT: Roma tomatoes, onion, garlic, virgin olive oil, thyme
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Tomato and Onion Dipping Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 5 Roma tomatoes, halved (about 1 pound)*; 1 yellow or white onion, quartered; 3 cloves garlic, unpeeled; 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 2 teaspoons dried thyme; 1 to 2 tablespoons water; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; Serving suggestion: Serve as a dipping sauce for grilled chicken | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the oven to 275 degrees F. Place the halved tomatoes, onions, and garlic cloves on a baking sheet. Drizzle with half the olive oil and sprinkle with thyme, salt and pepper. Toss to coat well. Place the tomatoes cut-side down, and cook for 2 hours turning the tomatoes after 1 hour. After the second hour, remove the baking sheet, and set aside the unpeeled garlic. Place the rest of the vegetables and the pan juices in a food processor or blender. Add a tablespoon or two of water to the pan to scrape up any bits of flavor stuck onto the baking sheet and add  <END>
INPUT: Asian, satay, salad, onion, garlic, olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Satay Chicken Salad Wraps | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound boneless, skinless chicken thighs, pounded, cut into 1-inch strips; 3 tablespoons peeled, roughly chopped ginger; 3 tablespoons roughly chopped yellow onion; 2 tablespoons roughly chopped garlic; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 3 tablespoons rice wine vinegar; 2 tablespoons creamy peanut butter; 1 tablespoon soy sauce; 1/2 teaspoon red chili flakes; 1 tablespoon fish sauce; 3 tablespoons peanut oil; 3/4 cup julienne red onion; 1/4 cup shredded carrots; 1/2 cup julienne red bell pepper; 1/2 cup julienne bok choy | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Put the chicken into a resealable gallon-size plastic bag and pound with the flat side of a meat tenderizer to a thickness of 1/2-inch. Add the rest of the ingredients, except the peanut oil, to a food processor, fitted with the bottom blade or a blender, and pulse 5 to 6 times for 2 seconds each or until well blended. Using a new resealable gallon-size plastic bag, add the chicken and the marinade, mix well and refrigerate for 1 hour. While the chicken is marinating, prepare the Asian Mayonnaise. Remove the chicken from the marinade and wipe off the excess with  <END>
INPUT: football, spread, cream cheese, heavy cream, sour cream, mixed herbs, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Creamy Garlic and Herb Football Spread | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 12 ounces cream cheese, softened; 3/4 cup heavy cream; 1/2 cup plus 2 tablespoons sour cream; 1/4 cup mixed chopped fresh herbs, such as chives, parsley and dill; 1 small clove garlic, minced; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1/2 cup walnut halves, very finely chopped; Assorted crackers, for serving | INSTRUCTIONS: Beat the cream cheese with an electric mixer on medium-high speed until fluffy, about 2 minutes. Reduce the speed to low and slowly beat in the heavy cream. Increase the speed to medium and beat until smooth. Beat in 1/2 cup of the sour cream. Beat in the herbs, garlic, 1 teaspoon salt and 1/2 teaspoon pepper. Line a medium strainer about 7 1/2 inches in diameter with a few layers of cheesecloth, letting the ends hang over the edges of the strainer. Set the strainer over a bowl. Pour the cream cheese mixture into the strainer and fold the ends of the cheesecloth over the top. Gently flatten wi <END>
INPUT: American, texas, salad, garlic, shallots, Worcestershire sauce, hot pepper sauce, balsamic vinegar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Red Jalapeno "Texas" Salad with melted Goat Cheese | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 cloves peeled garlic; 1 teaspoon peeled and minced shallots; 1 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce; 2 teaspoons hot pepper sauce; 1/2 teaspoon balsamic vinegar; 2 tablespoons water; 1/4 cup canola oil; 1/4 cup olive oil; 2 tablespoons finely chopped cilantro leaves; 1 tablespoon fresh lime juice; 1 red jalapeno, seeded and diced; 2 teaspoons Dijon mustard; 1 large head red leaf lettuce; 1 head romaine lettuce; 4 to 6 ounces goat cheese, not crumbled | INSTRUCTIONS: For the dressing: Drop the garlic, shallots, Worcestershire, pepper sauce, vinegar and water into a blender, and puree until smooth. Add additional water if too thick. Slowly add first the canola oil, then the olive oil until the dressing has emulsified. If too thick, add additional water. Pour into a bowl; add the cilantro, lime juice, jalapeno and mustard. For the salad: Wash, dry and chop the lettuce into bite size pieces. Toss lettuce with dressing to coat. Now, toast your pine nuts, and while still hot add to the salad. This will melt the goat cheese and create a creamy spicy salad! Serve <END>
INPUT: macaroons, almonds, granulated sugar, egg, almond extract, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Almond Macaroons | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup whole almonds (preferably blanched), plus 16 whole raw almonds; 2/3 cup granulated sugar; 1 large egg white; 1/4 teaspoon almond extract; Pinch salt; Confectioners' sugar, for dusting | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F and lightly butter a baking sheet. In a food processor pulse 1 cup almonds with granulated sugar until ground fine. Add egg white, almond extract, and a pinch salt and pulse until combined. Roll mixture into 16 balls, about 1- inch in diameter, and arrange about 2 inches apart on baking sheet. Slightly flatten balls and dust lightly with confectioners' sugar. Gently press 1 almond into each cookie. Bake macaroons in middle of oven 10 minutes, or until pale golden. Transfer macaroons to a rack and cool completely. Macaroons keep 4 days in an airtight container at r <END>
INPUT: bread, pudding, sun cherries, dark rum, Butter baking dish, milk
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate Babka Bread Pudding with Rum-Spiked Cherries | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup sun-dried cherries; 1/4 cup dark rum; 1 (16-ounce) loaf chocolate babka; Butter for the baking dish; 2 cups whole milk; 5 large eggs; 1/2 cup granulated sugar; 1 tablespoon unsalted butter; 1 cup heavy cream; 1/4 cup confectioners¿ sugar; 1 tablespoon finely grated orange zest; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; 3 ounces dark chocolate, shaved | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Combine the cherries and rum in a small saucepan and bring to a simmer over medium heat. Remove from the heat and allow to steep for 10 minutes to soften. Cut the chocolate babka into 1 1/2-inch cubes. Spread out evenly on a baking sheet and bake until browned around the edges, 7 to 8 minutes. Remove from the oven and set aside. Lightly butter the bottom and sides of a 9 by 13-inch baking dish. In a large mixing bowl, whisk together the milk, eggs and granulated sugar until combined. Add the toasted babka and rum and cherries an <END>
INPUT: brandied, cherries, size pineapple, dark rum, dark sugar, cherry pie filling, brandy cognac
OUTPUT: TITLE: Rum Marinated Grilled Pineapple with Brandied Cherries | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 medium-size ripe pineapple, cored and sliced into 1-inch rings, retain stem for garnish; 4 ounces dark rum; 2 ounces dark brown sugar; 4 ounces cherry pie filling; 2 ounces brandy or cognac; 1 ounce shaved white chocolate | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the grill on high heat. Place the pineapple rings in a shallow baking dish and cover with brown sugar and rum – gently stir sugar and rum coating each side of the pineapple rings with mixture. Place rings on grill – basting each ring with marinade until each ring has grill marks. To prepare the cherry topping, using a small non-stick saute pan let pan heat up, and put in the cherry pie filling. Then, carefully add the brandy (brandy will ignite when is shaken) reduce heat to simmer, cooking cherry mixture about 5 minutes. To plate, place 4 rings on top of each other on center of plate  <END>
INPUT: Mexican, ceviche, sushi grade tuna, lemon, lime, sugar, rice wine vinegar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tuna Ceviche Cone | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 8 to 10 ounces fresh sushi grade tuna; 1 lemon, juiced; 1 lime, juiced; 1 tablespoon sugar; 2 teaspoons rice wine vinegar; 1 teaspoon minced ginger; 3 teaspoons red onion, minced; 1 green onion, minced; 2 sprigs each, cilantro and parsley, leaves chopped; 6 waffle cones, store-bought | INSTRUCTIONS: Dice the tuna, against grain, into 1/4-inch cubes. In a bowl combine the lemon juice, lime juice and sugar. Stir in the vinegar and whisk until incorporated. Add the diced tuna, the ginger, red onion, green onion and herbs. Allow the tuna to marinate* for up to 1 hour. Drain the excess liquid from the tuna, scoop into cones and serve. *The marinating of the tuna with the fresh juices and sugar will be the cooking or curing process for the tuna <END>
INPUT: soup, poblano chiles, beef, zucchini, onion, panko
OUTPUT: TITLE: Poblano Albóndigas with Ancho Chile Soup | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 large fresh poblano chiles* (9 to 10 ounces total); 1 pound ground beef (15% fat); 1/2 cup coarsely grated zucchini; 1/4 cup finely grated onion; 1/4 cup panko (Japanese breadcrumbs)**; 1 large egg, beaten to blend; 2 garlic cloves, pressed; 1 tablespoon ground cumin; 1 teaspoon dried oregano (preferably Mexican), crumbled; 1/2 teaspoon coarse kosher salt; 1 tablespoon olive oil; 1/2 small onion, coarsely grated; 2 garlic cloves, minced; 3 tablespoons pure ancho chile powder or pasilla chile powder*** (do not use blended chile powder); 2 teaspoons ground cumin | INSTRUCTIONS: For meatballs: Line large rimmed baking sheet with plastic wrap. Char chiles over direct flame or in broiler until blackened on all sides. Enclose in paper bag and steam 10 minutes. Stem, seed, and peel chiles, then chop finely (should yield about 3/4 cup). Place chiles in large bowl. Gently mix in beef and all remaining ingredients. Using moistened hands and scant tablespoonful for each, roll meat mixture into 1-inch meatballs. Arrange meatballs on sheet. Line large rimmed baking sheet with plastic wrap. Char chiles over direct flame or in broiler until blackened on all sides. Enclose in pape <END>
INPUT: soup, celery, waxy potato, onion, unsalted butter, Salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Celery Soup | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 chopped head of celery; 1 chopped large waxy potato; 1 chopped medium onion; 1 stick unsalted butter; Salt; 3 cups low sodium chicken broth; 1/4 cup fresh dill; 1/2 cup heavy cream; Celery leaves; Olive oil; Flaky sea salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine 1 chopped head of celery, 1 chopped large waxy potato, 1 chopped medium onion, and 1 stick unsalted butter in a medium saucepan over medium heat; season with salt. Cook, stirring, until onion is tender, 8–10 minutes. Add 3 cups low sodium chicken broth; simmer until potatoes are tender, 8–10 minutes. Purée in a blender with 1/4 cup fresh dill; strain. Stir in 1/2 cup heavy cream. Serve soup topped with celery leaves, olive oil, and flaky sea salt. Combine 1 chopped head of celery, 1 chopped large waxy potato, 1 chopped medium onion, and 1 stick unsalted butter in a medium saucepan over <END>
INPUT: bread, vegetable oil, very bananas, butter pecan ice, self rising flour, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Banana-Pecan Ice Cream Bread | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Nonstick vegetable oil spray; 3 medium very ripe bananas (about 18 ounces), peeled, mashed; 1 pint softened butter pecan ice cream; 1 1/4 cups self-rising flour; 1/4 cup sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350°F. Grease loaf pan with nonstick spray. Mix bananas, ice cream, flour, and sugar in a large bowl until smooth. Pour batter into prepared pan. Bake bread, rotating pan halfway through, until top is golden brown and center is set, 55–60 minutes. Transfer pan to a wire rack and let bread cool completely. Run a butter knife around perimeter of pan to loosen loaf, then tap pan gently on its side until loaf releases. Transfer to a cutting board and slice. Preheat oven to 350°F. Grease loaf pan with nonstick spray. Mix bananas, ice cream, flour, and sugar in a large bowl until smo <END>
INPUT: cups, whipped, milk, egg, sugar, salt, semi sweet chocolate
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate Cups with Whipped Cream | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2/3 cup whole milk; 1 egg; 2 tablespoons sugar; Pinch salt; 1 cup semi-sweet chocolate chips; 2 tablespoons hazelnut liqueur or dark rum; 1 cup whipping cream; Mint sprigs, for garnish, optional | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: 4 demitasse cups Heat milk in a small pan over moderate heat until it comes to a boil. In blender or food processor combine egg, sugar, a pinch of salt, semisweet chips, and liqueur. Run processor or turn on blender to low setting. Pour in boiling milk in a slow stream. The hot milk will cook egg and melt chocolate. Process or blend 1 minute, until smooth. Spoon chocolate into 4 demitasse cups and chill. After dinner, beat cream until soft peaks form. Add a little sugar and beat to combine. Top the chocolate cups with a dollop of cream and garnish each cup with mint sprigs.  <END>
INPUT: trio, olive oil, russet potatoes, yams, tan skinned sweet, fat drippings from
OUTPUT: TITLE: Trio of Roasted Potatoes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 tablespoons olive oil; 3 1/2 pounds russet potatoes, peeled, cut into 3/4-inch pieces (about 8 cups); 2 pounds yams (red-skinned sweet potatoes), peeled, cut into 3/4-inch pieces (about 4 cups); 2 pounds tan-skinned sweet potatoes, peeled, cut into 3/4-inch pieces (about 4 cups); 1/4 cup fat drippings from turkey or 1/4 cup olive oil; 1/4 cup finely chopped fresh mixed herbs (such as thyme, marjoram and sage); 3 tablespoons minced garlic | INSTRUCTIONS: Position racks in bottom third and top third of oven and preheat to 400°F. Brush each of 2 heavy large rimmed baking sheets with 1 tablespoon olive oil. Place remaining 4 tablespoons olive oil in very large bowl. Add all remaining ingredients and toss to coat well. Sprinkle generously with salt and pepper. Divide potato mixture between prepared baking sheets. Roast potatoes 45 minutes, stirring occasionally. Reverse position of sheets and continue to roast until potatoes are golden brown and tender, stirring occasionally, about 30 minutes longer. Transfer potatoes to bowl and serve. Position r <END>
INPUT: Italian, cherry tomatoes, spinach, olive oil, butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Four Cheese Ravioli | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 (2 pound) package of four cheese ravioli; 12 fresh cherry tomatoes; 1/2 package frozen spinach; 1 tablespoon olive oil; 1 tablespoon butter; Salt and pepper; 1 handful freshly grated Asiago cheese | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large stockpot, boil the ravioli as per instructions on the box. Wash and split 12 cherry tomatoes then set aside. Remove about half of the spinach from the box and set aside. When the ravioli are done, strain and set aside. Place the thawed spinach in the stockpot with the tomatoes add the olive oil and butter. Return to a medium hear, stir and add the ravioli to the pot. Cook for an additional 2 minutes, season with salt and fresh pepper and top with freshly grated Asiago cheese.; <END>
INPUT: onions, bacon, skinned onion, sugar snap peas, water, Salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sugar Snap Peas with Onions and Bacon | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 slices bacon, cut into 1/2-inch pieces; 1 small yellow skinned onion, peeled and chopped; 1 pound sugar snap peas; 1/2 cup water; Salt and pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. In a medium skillet over medium high heat, brown chopped bacon. Using a slotted spoon, remove bacon to a paper towel lined plate. Add onion to the pan. Saute chopped onions 3 minutes or so, until they are just tender. Add peas and water to the pan. Cover and cook peas 5 minutes. Uncover and allow the liquid to cook almost out of the pan. Add bacon back to the skillet and remove pan from heat. Transfer to a serving dish and enjoy! <END>
INPUT: Asian, stir, peppers, cornstarch, soy sauce, rice vinegar, water
OUTPUT: TITLE: Stir-Fried Chicken with Yellow Peppers and Snow Peas | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon plus 1 teaspoon cornstarch; 2 tablespoons plus 1 1/2 teaspoons soy sauce; 2 tablespoons plus 2 teaspoons rice vinegar; 1 1/2 teaspoons Asian (toasted) sesame oil; 1/3 cup plus 1 tablespoon water; 1 whole skinless boneless chicken breasts (about 3/4 pound), cut into 3/4-inch-thick pieces; 1 1/2 teaspoons sugar; 1 1/2 teaspoons salt; 1/3 cup chicken broth; 1/2 cup vegetable oil; 1 tablespoon minced scallion; 2 teaspoons minced garlic; 1 1/2 teaspoons minced peeled fresh gingerroot; 1 small yellow bell pepper, cut into thin strips; 1/4 pound snow peas, trimmed and halved crosswise | INSTRUCTIONS: In a bowl stir together 1 teaspoon of the cornstarch, 1 1/2 teaspoons of the soy sauce, 2 teaspoons of the vinegar, 1/2 teaspoon of the sesame oil, and 1 tablespoon of the water until the cornstarch is dissolved, add the chicken, and let it marinate for 15 minutes. In a small bowl stir together the remaining 1 tablespoon cornstarch, 2 tablespoons soy sauce, 2 tablespoons vinegar, 1 teaspoon sesame oil, and 1/3 cup water with the sugar, the salt, and the broth until the cornstarch is dissolved and reserve the mixture. In a wok or large heavy skillet heat the vegetable oil over moderately high h <END>
INPUT: sauce, Olive oil, onion, bulb fennel, chili, tomato purée from
OUTPUT: TITLE: Poached Fish with Spinach in Chili-Tomato Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Olive oil; 1 red onion, peeled and finely sliced; 1 bulb of fennel, finely sliced; 1 fresh red chili, finely sliced (deseeded for less heat, if you like); 2 cups tomato purée from fresh or canned tomatoes; 2 handfuls (approx. 6 ounces) of cherry tomatoes, cut in half; Sea salt and freshly ground pepper; 4 (5-ounce) white fish fillets, such as cod, hake, or sea bass, skinned and pin-boned; 1/2 cup black or green olives, pitted; A handful of baby spinach; 2 tablespoons finely chopped flat-leaf parsley; 1 small clove of garlic, peeled and finely chopped or grated; Zest of 1 lemon, plus a squeeze of juice | INSTRUCTIONS: Put 1 tablespoon of olive oil into a pan on medium heat and sauté the onion, fennel and chili for 2 to 3 minutes, to soften. Add the tomato purée and cherry tomatoes. Simmer for a further 4 to 5 minutes. Season to taste with a little salt and pepper. Arrange the fish fillets in the pan, on top of the tomato sauce. Cover with a lid and simmer for 8 to 10 minutes, or until the fish is cooked and starting to flake. Just before serving, carefully stir in the olives and baby spinach and heat for a further minute. Meanwhile combine the parsley, garlic, lemon zest, and juice in a bowl. To serve, arra <END>
INPUT: mousse, parfaits, egg yolks, sugar, lemon juice, lemon peel, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lemon and White Chocolate Mousse Parfaits With Strawberries | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 5 large egg yolks; 1/2 cup sugar; 1/2 cup fresh lemon juice; 4 teaspoons finely grated lemon peel; Pinch of salt; 1/4 cup plus 2 2/3 cups chilled heavy whipping cream; 1 3.5-ounce bar high-quality white chocolate (such as Lindt or Perugina), finely chopped; 5 cups sliced hulled strawberries (about 2 pounds) | INSTRUCTIONS: Whisk egg yolks, sugar, lemon juice, lemon peel, and salt in medium metal bowl to blend. Set bowl over saucepan of simmering water. Whisk until mixture is very thick and thermometer inserted into center registers 160°F to 170°F, about 6 minutes. Remove bowl from over water. Cool lemon mousse base to room temperature. Combine 1/4 cup cream and white chocolate in another medium metal bowl. Set bowl over saucepan of barely simmering water. Stir constantly until chocolate is soft and almost melted. Remove bowl from over water and stir until white chocolate is melted and smooth. Cool white chocolat <END>
INPUT: stir, vegetable oil, garlic, water spinach, preserved bean curd
OUTPUT: TITLE: Stir Fried Water Spinach | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cups vegetable oil; 1 large clove garlic, peeled and minced; 1 pound water spinach, stems trimmed, washed, drained, and halved crosswise; Freshly ground, black pepper; 1 tablespoon preserved bean curd or fish sauce | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat the oil in a wok over high heat and stir-fry the garlic until fragrant and lightly golden, about 1 minute. Add the water spinach, season with pepper, and stir-fry until wilted, about 3 minutes. Add the bean curd, stir-fry until it is evenly distributed, then cover and cook until done, 2 to 3 minutes more. <END>
INPUT: American, burger, marrakesh, lemon, garlic, cumin, cinnamon, paprika
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sweet and Spicy Red Fez Burger with Marrakesh Carrot Salad and Chermoula Mayonnaise | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 lemon, juiced; 2 garlic cloves, minced; 1 teaspoon ground cumin; 1/4 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1/2 teaspoon ground paprika; 1/4 teaspoon red pepper flakes; 1 teaspoon kosher salt; 1 teaspoon honey; 1 teaspoon chopped fresh flat-leaf parsley; 2 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil; 1 pound carrots, peeled and grated; 1/2 cup chopped fresh cilantro leaves; 4 garlic cloves, crushed; 1 teaspoon ground cumin; 1 teaspoon ground paprika | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. For the Marrakesh Carrot Salad: combine the lemon juice, garlic, cumin, cinnamon, paprika, red pepper flakes, and salt in a bowl. Mix well to combine. Add the honey, parsley, olive oil, and carrots. Mix well, cover, and refrigerate until ready to serve. For the Chermoula Mayonnaise: combine the cilantro, garlic, cumin, paprika, harissa, lemon juice, salt, and olive oil in a blender and process until well blended. Put the mixture in a small bowl and fold in the mayonnaise. Cover and refrigerate until ready to serve. Prepare a medium-hot fire in a charcoal grill wi <END>
INPUT: roast, glaze, pineapple juice, spicy mustard
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roast Ham with Sweet Mustard Glaze | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 (6 to 8-pound) bone-in smoked ham; Whole cloves; 1 (15-ounce) can vegetable broth; 2 cups pineapple juice; 1/2 cup spicy brown mustard; 2 tablespoons brown sugar; 2 tablespoons honey; 2 cloves garlic, smashed | INSTRUCTIONS: Slice the surface of the ham about 1-inch deep on the diagonal from left to right, spacing each slice about 1 1/2inches apart. Then go back and slice diagonally from right to left spacing each slice about 1 1/2 inches apart to form a diamond pattern. Put a whole clove in the center of each diamond. Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Put the ham in a roasting pan fitted with a rack. Add the vegetable broth to the bottom of the roasting pan. Bake in the oven for 1 1/2 hours. While the ham is cooking combine all the glaze ingredients in a pot, and reduce by half over medium-low heat. After 1 1/2 hour <END>
INPUT: mediteranean, onion, Sicilian capers rinsed, virgin olive oil, thyme, Salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pan Roasted Mediteranean Sea Bass | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 medium white onion; 1 tablespoon Sicilian capers rinsed in water; 4 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil; Fresh thyme, to taste; Salt and pepper, to taste; 1 pint cherry tomatoes, quartered; 1 small zucchini; 4 (8-ounce) fillets sea bass; Fresh chives, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: In a medium hot pan saute the onions with the capers in 2 tablespoons of olive oil. Cover and turn heat down to medium heat and let simmer for about 20 minutes stirring occasionally with a wooden spoon. Add the thyme about 10 minutes into the cooking of the onions. Adjust the seasonings with salt and pepper. Stir in the quartered tomatoes and let simmer for 10 minutes more. Slice the zucchini into thin discs. In a hot saute pan heat 1 tablespoon of olive oil and saute the zucchini in the oil. Add salt and pepper as needed. In a medium hot saute pan heat 1 tablespoon olive oil and saute the fis <END>
INPUT: American, short crust pastry, Royal Gala apples, sugar, lemon juice, lemon zest
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grandma's Apple Pie | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 pounds short crust pastry, recipe follows; 7 cups Royal Gala apples, cored and quartered (about 5 apples); 1/2 cup sugar; 1 tablespoon lemon juice; 2 teaspoons lemon zest, finely chopped; 1/4 teaspoon grated nutmeg; Pinch salt; 1 egg yolk; 2 tablespoons water; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, cold; 3 cups all-purpose flour; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 4 ounces unsalted butter, cold; 8 ounces shortening, cold; 1/2 cup ice cold water | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: 9-inch pie plate, rolling pin and pastry brush Cheese grater Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Roll 1/2 the short crust pastry to 1/4-inch thickness and cut out a 14-inch circle. Line a 9-inch pie plate with the pastry, trim away the excess and crimp the edge. Roll out the rest of the pastry to 1/4-inch thickness. Cut the pastry into 1/2-inch strips. On a piece of parchment paper or waxed paper weave the strips of pastry into a lattice that will cover the top of a 9-inch pie plate with 1-inch of overhang. Refrigerate the pie shell and lattice for at least 30 minutes. Meanwh <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, bundt, cake, virgin olive oil, all purpose flour, almond flour, baking powder, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Almond Olive Oil Bundt Cake | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup extra-virgin olive oil, plus more for the pan; 2 1/2 cups all-purpose flour, plus more for dusting; 3/4 cup almond flour; 1 1/2 teaspoons baking powder; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1 3/4 cups granulated sugar; 4 large eggs, at room temperature; 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract; 1/2 teaspoon pure almond extract; 1/2 cup unsweetened almond milk; 2 cups confectioners' sugar; 2 to 3 tablespoons milk; Pomegranate seeds and chopped toasted almonds, for topping | INSTRUCTIONS: Make the cake: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Brush a 10- to 12-cup Bundt pan with olive oil; dust with flour and tap out the excess. Whisk the all-purpose flour, almond flour, baking powder and salt in a medium bowl; set aside. Combine the granulated sugar and eggs in a large bowl; beat with a mixer on medium-high speed until thick and pale yellow, about 3 minutes. Reduce the mixer speed to medium and slowly beat in the olive oil until the batter is smooth. Beat in the vanilla and almond extracts. Reduce the mixer speed to low; beat in the flour mixture in two additions, alternating with  <END>
INPUT: American, virgin olive oil, Salt pepper, artichoke hearts, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Artichoke and Cheese Stuffed Mushrooms | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 24 large (2 1/2 to 3 inches wide) white mushrooms; 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil, for drizzling; Salt and pepper; 2 cans sliced or quartered artichoke hearts; 2 cloves minced garlic; 1/4 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg, eyeball it; Pinch dried thyme; Handful grated Parmesan; Handful parsley leaves, finely chopped; 1 tub shredded Asiago cheese, 8 ounces | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. Place mushrooms in a large plastic food storage bag. Drizzle in just enough extra-virgin olive oil to coat ¿ about 1/4 cup should do it. Shake the mushrooms to coat and scatter out onto a cookie sheet. Roast 10 minutes, round-side-up. Season with salt and pepper and flip over. Toss drained quartered artichokes with a drizzle of extra-virgin olive oil, garlic, nutmeg, thyme, grated cheese, and parsley. Generously fill the mushroom caps, mounding the filling up. Top the artichokes with shredded Asiago cheese and return to oven. Cook m <END>
INPUT: sauce, tomatoes, garlic, salt, pepper, olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Halibut with Lima Bean and Roasted Tomato Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 large tomatoes (preferably heirloom; 2 lb total); 3 garlic cloves, cut lengthwise into slivers; 1 teaspoon salt; 1/2 teaspoon black pepper; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 2 lb fresh lima or fava beans in pod, shelled, or 10 oz frozen baby lima beans or shelled edamame (soybeans; 2 cups), not thawed; 1/2 cup chopped fresh basil; 1 to 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 6 (6-oz) pieces halibut fillet (1 1/4 to 1 1/2 inches thick) | INSTRUCTIONS: Put oven rack in middle position and preheat oven to 450°F. Core tomatoes, then halve crosswise. Stud the cut side of each half with garlic slivers, then sprinkle with 1/2 teaspoon salt and 1/4 teaspoon pepper (total). Arrange tomatoes, cut sides up, in a lightly oiled shallow baking pan, then drizzle evenly with 1 tablespoon oil. Roast until just soft and wilted, 15 to 20 minutes. While tomatoes roast, cook beans in a 6- to 8-quart pot of boiling salted water , uncovered, until just tender, 5 to 8 minutes. Drain in a colander and cool slightly, about 10 minutes. When beans are cool enough to  <END>
INPUT: Italian, olive oil, onion, garlic, lemon peel, rosemary
OUTPUT: TITLE: Penne with Spinach and Chicken | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1/2 large red onion, thinly sliced; 1 1/2 tablespoons chopped garlic; 1 tablespoon grated lemon peel; 1 1/2 teaspoons minced fresh rosemary; 2 large skinless boneless chicken breast halves, cut crosswise into 1/2-inch-thick slices; 2 10-ounce packages ready-to-use spinach leaves; 12 ounces penne pasta, freshly cooked, 1/2 cup cooking liquid reserved; 1 2/3 cups grated Parmesan cheese (about 5 ounces) | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat oil in heavy large pot over medium-high heat. Add onion, garlic, lemon peel and rosemary. Sauté until onion softens, about 7 minutes. Sprinkle chicken with salt and pepper. Add chicken to pot and sauté until just cooked through, about 4 minutes. Add half of spinach and toss until beginning to wilt, about 2 minutes. Add remaining spinach and toss until all spinach is wilted but still bright green, about 3 minutes longer. Mix in pasta, then 2/3 cup cheese. Moisten with reserved pasta cooking liquid by tablespoonfuls if mixture is dry. Season with salt and pepper. Serve, passing remaining 1  <END>
INPUT: slow, cooked, vegetable oil, Brussels sprouts, Salt, butter, shallots
OUTPUT: TITLE: Slow Cooked Brussels Sprouts | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons vegetable oil; 1 pound Brussels sprouts, trimmed; Salt; 3 tablespoons butter; 3 tablespoons finely chopped shallots; 3/4 cup chicken broth | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat vegetable oil over high heat in a large skillet. Add Brussels sprouts and brown all over by shaking the pan often. Season with salt, to taste. Remove Brussels sprouts from pan, reduce heat to medium high and add the butter to melt. Add shallots and saute for a minute or 2. Add the sprouts back in, add the chicken stock, cover, reduce heat to medium low, and cook for 30 minutes or until sprouts are soft and tender. <END>
INPUT: Italian, pesto, pine nuts, arugula, basil, Kosher salt, parmesan cheese
OUTPUT: TITLE: Arugula-Basil Pesto with Pine Nuts, Parmesan and Ricotta | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1/3 cup pine nuts; 1 1/2 cups arugula; 1 1/2 cups basil; Kosher salt; 1/2 cup grated parmesan cheese; 1/2 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 1/4 to 1/2 cup ricotta cheese (optional) | INSTRUCTIONS: Toast the pine nuts in a dry skillet until lightly browned; let cool. Pulse in a food processor until finely ground. Add the arugula, basil and 1/4 teaspoon salt and pulse until finely chopped. Add the parmesan and pulse to combine. Slowly pour in the olive oil, pulsing to incorporate. Transfer the pesto to a bowl and stir in the ricotta. You'll have about 1 cup pesto; use about 1/2 cup for 1 pound pasta. Photograph by Kana Okada <END>
INPUT: soup, salad, beets, Yukon Gold potatoes, low fat, onion, dill
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Beet Soup with Potato and Dill Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 pounds beets (about 5 medium), tops trimmed; 12 ounces Yukon Gold potatoes; 2 1/2 cups low-fat (1%) milk; 4 tablespoons chopped red onion; 4 tablespoons chopped fresh dill; 3 tablespoons red wine vinegar; 1/2 cup plain nonfat yogurt; Fresh dill sprigs | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 400°F. Wrap beets and potatoes separately in foil; seal tightly. Roast on oven rack until tender when pierced with skewer, about 45 minutes for potatoes and 1 1/2 hours for beets. Unwrap and cool completely. Peel beets; cut into 1-inch pieces and place in blender. Add milk, 2 tablespoons onion, 2 tablespoons chopped dill and vinegar; blend until smooth. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Refrigerate soup until cold, about 1 hour. Peel potatoes and cut into 1/4-inch dice. Place in medium bowl. Add remaining 2 tablespoons each of onion and chopped dill. Fold in yogurt. (Can be <END>
INPUT: American, salad, mixed mesclun greens, wine vinegar, virgin olive oil, Salt pepper, Assorted heirloom tomatoes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Heirloom Tomato Salad with Fresh Greens, Blue Cheese and Creamy Chive Dressing | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups fresh mixed mesclun greens; 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; Salt and pepper; Assorted large and small heirloom tomatoes, sliced or quartered; Creamy Chive Dressing, recipe follows; Point Reyes blue cheese, crumbled; Whole chives, for garnish; 3 tablespoons red wine vinegar; 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice; 1 heaping tablespoon prepared mayonnaise; 1/4 cup chopped fresh chives; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1/2 cup canola oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Place greens in a bowl and toss with the vinegar and oil and season with salt and pepper. Transfer to a platter. Arrange tomatoes over greens, sprinkle with salt, and drizzle with chive dressing. Sprinkle blue cheese over top and garnish with a few fresh chives. Combine all ingredients in a blender and blend until smooth. <END>
INPUT: wilted, sauce, kumquats, shallot, chicken breast halves, unsalted butter, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sauteed Chicken Over Wilted Spinach with Kumquat Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 kumquats; 1 large shallot; 2 boneless chicken breast halves with skin*; 1 tablespoon unsalted butter; 2 tablespoons sugar; 1/3 cup water; 3 tablespoons white-wine vinegar; 1/8 teaspoon dried hot red pepper flakes; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh parsley leaves; 4 cups packed spinach leaves (from about 1 bunch); *available by request from butcher | INSTRUCTIONS: Separately cut kumquats and shallot crosswise into thin slices, discarding any kumquat seeds. Season chicken with salt and pepper. In a skillet heat butter over moderately high heat until foam subsides and sauté chicken, skin sides down, until skin is golden and crisp, about 5 minutes. Turn chicken over and cook over moderate heat until just cooked through, about 5 minutes more. Transfer chicken to a plate and keep warm, covered. Add shallot to fat remaining in skillet and cook, stirring frequently, 1 minute. Sprinkle sugar over shallot and cook, undisturbed, until sugar is melted and golden.  <END>
INPUT: Italian, wild, olive oil, unsalted butter, shallot, Mixed shiitake, wine
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sauteed Wild Mushrooms with Mushroom Ravioli | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon olive oil; 1 tablespoon unsalted butter; 1 shallot, finely chopped; 4 ounces Mixed shiitake, button, oyster mushrooms, cleaned and sliced; 1/4 cup white wine, brandy, chicken stock or water; 1/4 cup heavy cream; 1 package fresh mushroom ravioli, cooked and drained with 1/4 cup reserved pasta cooking liquid; Grated parmesan | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large skillet heat oil and butter over medium high heat. Add shallot and cook for 1 minute. Stir in mushrooms and cook until wilted, about 3 minutes. Add wine or other liquid and bring to a simmer. Stir in cream and return to boil. Add cooked ravioli and some of the reserved pasta water and toss to coat. Simmer for 2-3 minutes. Serve hot with grated parmesan. <END>
INPUT: virgin olive oil, salmon fillets, Salt pepper, sour cream, dill
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pan Seared Salmon with Sour Cream and Dill | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 4 salmon fillets, pin bones removed; Salt and pepper, to taste; 1 pint sour cream; 2 bunches dill, chopped; Juice of 2 lemons; 1 shallot, minced; Pinch red pepper flakes; 3 tablespoons horseradish | INSTRUCTIONS: Coat a large skillet with olive oil and place over medium heat. When hot, add the fillets to the pan skin side down; season with salt and pepper. Cook for 5 minutes until the skin is nice and brown. Turn the fish over and cook for 3 minutes on the other side. Keep warm while preparing the sauce. In a small bowl whisk together sour cream, dill, lemon juice, shallot, red pepper flakes and horseradish. Season with salt and pepper. Serve the sauce over the pan-seared salmon. <END>
INPUT: American, skillet, charred, top round, salt, pepper, olive oil, shallots
OUTPUT: TITLE: Skillet Charred Burger, Green Peppercorns and Shallots | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound ground top round; 1 teaspoon salt; 1 teaspoon ground black pepper; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 4 large shallots, peeled, thinly sliced; 2 tablespoons green peppercorns, drained and crushed; 1/2 cup dry red wine, preferably a syrah or zinfandel; 3 tablespoons unsalted butter; 8 slices of french baguette bread, toasted in a warm oven | INSTRUCTIONS: Form the meat into burger patties and season each with salt and pepper. Heat a skillet (non-reactive and with grill ridges preferred) over medium high heat. Add 1 tablespoon of olive oil and heat for a moment before adding the burgers. Char the burgers on the grill ridges and flip to cook the other side. Cook the burgers to desired doneness, remove and keep warm. Add the shallots to the pan along with the remaining olive oil and cook the shallot for 2 minutes untill they begin to crisp but do not burn them. Add the peppercorns and saute for 1 minute. Add the red wine and reduce quickly by half <END>
INPUT: herb, Olive oil, Four salmon fillets, Kosher salt pepper, unsalted butter, dill parsley
OUTPUT: TITLE: Simple Lemon-Herb Roasted Salmon | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Olive oil, for the foil; Four 5- to 6-ounce skinless salmon fillets; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, cut into 4 pieces; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh dill and/or parsley; Half a lemon | INSTRUCTIONS: Position an oven rack in the top of the oven, and preheat to 450 degrees F. Line a rimmed baking sheet with foil, and brush with oil. Place the salmon fillets, evenly spaced, in the middle of the prepared baking sheet. Sprinkle the tops with 3/4 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of pepper. Bake until the outside is opaque and slightly firm to the touch and the inside flakes easily (insert a small paring knife between layers to check; the color will vary from bright pink (rare) to pale pink to orange (well-done)), 8 to 12 minutes, depending on the desired doneness. Remove the fillets from the oven <END>
INPUT: Italian, shelled pistachios, basil leaves parsley, garlic, lime juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Salmon with Pistachio-Basil Butter | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup shelled pistachios (about 1 ounce); 10 large fresh basil leaves or 1/4 cup parsley and 2 teaspoons dried basil, crumbled; 1 garlic clove; 1/2 cup (1 stick) butter, room temperature; 1 teaspoon lime juice; 6 6-ounce 1 1/2-inch-thick salmon fillets; 1/2 cup dry white wine; Additional fresh basil leaves (optional) | INSTRUCTIONS: Process pistachios, 10 basil leaves and garlic cloves in processor until finely chopped. Add 1/2 cup butter and 1 teaspoon lime juice and process until incorporated into mixture. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Transfer butter mixture to small bowl. Refrigerate until well chilled. (Pistachio butter can be prepared up to 4 days ahead.) Preheat oven to 400°F. Butter 9x13-inch baking dish. Place salmon fillets in dish in single layer. Pour white wine over. Season salmon with salt and pepper. Bake salmon until almost opaque on top, about 10 minutes. Place 2 tablespoons pistachio butter atop  <END>
INPUT: American, salad, Coarse kosher salt, elbow macaroni, mild Cheddar cheese, mayonnaise, celery seed
OUTPUT: TITLE: Macaroni Salad | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: Coarse kosher salt; One 16-ounce box elbow macaroni; 1 cup shredded mild Cheddar cheese (4 ounces); 1/2 cup mayonnaise, or to taste; 2 teaspoons celery seed; 2 teaspoons Dijon mustard, or to taste; 3 carrots, shredded; 3 celery stalks, very finely chopped; 1/2 sweet onion, very finely chopped; Freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring a large pot of salted water to a rolling boil. Add the macaroni and cook until tender, about 10 minutes, or according to the package instructions. Drain well in a colander and rinse well under cold running water until cool. Shake well to remove excess water. Transfer to a large bowl. Once the macaroni is cooled, add the cheese, mayonnaise, celery seed, mustard, carrots, celery and onions. Stir well to combine and season with salt and pepper. Cover with plastic wrap and chill in the refrigerator until cold, at least 2 hours. Taste and adjust for seasoning with salt, pepper and mayonnaise  <END>
INPUT: Italian, Merlot, thyme leaves, olive oil, garlic, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Loin of Lamb Marinated in Merlot, Garlic and Parsley with Piquillo Pepper Pesto | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup Merlot; 1 tablespoon fresh thyme leaves; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 4 cloves garlic, coarsely chopped; 1/4 teaspoon coarsely ground black pepper; 1/4 cup chopped flat-leaf fresh parsley, plus sprigs for garnish; 1 1/2 pounds lamb loin, cleaned; Kosher salt; Sprigs of thyme, for garnish; Piquillo Pepper Pesto, recipe follows; 6 piquillo peppers; 1/4 cup pine nuts; 2 cloves garlic; 1/2 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 1/4 cup freshly grated Parmigiano-Reggiano | INSTRUCTIONS: Whisk together the wine, thyme, oil, garlic, black pepper and parsley in a baking dish. Add the lamb and turn to coat. Cover and refrigerate for 30 minutes to marinate. Remove the lamb from the marinade 20 minutes before cooking. Heat a grill pan or saute pan over high heat. Season the lamb with salt on both sides and cook until golden brown and seared on both sides and cooked to medium-rare doneness (internal temperature of 135 degrees F on an instant-read thermometer). Place on a cutting board and let rest for 5 minutes before slicing. Serve slices with a dollop of pesto on the side. Combine <END>
INPUT: Italian, cream, sauce, chicken, bay leaves, carrots, celery, lemon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken with Fennel-Cream Sauce and Penne | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: One 4-pound whole chicken; 2 bay leaves; 2 carrots, quartered; 2 ribs celery, quartered; 1 lemon, sliced; 1 large onion, quartered with root end attached; A few black peppercorns; A few stems fresh rosemary; A few stems fresh thyme; Salt; 2 tablespoons butter; 1 tablespoon EVOO; 1 medium bulb fennel, thinly sliced; 1 head spring garlic or hard neck garlic, cloves peeled and thinly sliced; 1 large sweet onion, thinly sliced | INSTRUCTIONS: For the chicken: Place the chicken in a pot and add the bay leaves, carrots, celery, lemons, onions, peppercorns, rosemary, thyme and some salt. Cover with water and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat to a simmer and poach the chicken for 1 hour. When the chicken is cool enough to handle, discard the skin and bones and separate the meat into bite-size pieces. Strain the stock and reserve. For the pasta: Meanwhile, heat the butter and EVOO in a saucepan over medium-low to medium heat. Add the fennel, garlic and onions and cook very slowly until they are very sweet and soft, 20 to 25 minutes (do n <END>
INPUT: balls, chicken fat pareve, onions, eggs, dill, soda seltzer
OUTPUT: TITLE: Green Onion-Dill Matzo Balls | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 tablespoons chicken fat or pareve margarine (3/4 stick); 4 green onions, thinly sliced; 4 large eggs; 1/4 cup minced fresh dill; 2 tablespoons club soda or seltzer; 1 tablespoon sugar; 1 1/4 teaspoons kosher salt; 1/4 teaspoon ground ginger; 1/4 teaspoon ground black pepper; 1 cup unsalted matzo meal | INSTRUCTIONS: Melt chicken fat in small skillet over medium-low heat. Add onions and sauté 30 seconds. Set aside. Whisk eggs and all remaining ingredients in medium bowl to blend well. Stir in onion mixture. Cover; chill at least 6 hours and up to 1 day. Bring large pot of salted water to boil. Drop matzo ball mixture by rounded tablespoonfuls onto foil, forming 16 mounds. Using wet hands, shape into balls; drop into pot. Cover; boil matzo balls until very tender, about 1 hour 10 minutes. Transfer matzo balls to shallow dish. (Can be made 1 day ahead. Cover; chill. Steam 15 minutes to rewarm.) Melt chicken  <END>
INPUT: Mexican, virgin olive oil, Spanish style chorizo, Spanish onion, pepper flakes, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Clams with Chorizo | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil; 8 ounces Spanish-style dried chorizo, sliced into thin rounds; 1 small Spanish onion, diced; Pinch of red pepper flakes; 1 clove garlic, minced; 24 cockles or other small clams, cleaned; 1/4 cup bottled clam juice; 1/2 cup dry white wine; 1 tablespoon unsalted butter; 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh parsley; Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper; Crusty bread, for serving | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat the olive oil in a large saute pan (preferably one that can also be used for serving) over high heat. When it begins to smoke, add the chorizo and cook until just beginning to color, 2 minutes. Add the onion and red pepper flakes and cook, stirring, until the onion is translucent, 2 minutes. Add the garlic, cockles, clam juice and wine. Reduce the heat to medium and cook until the cockles are open and warmed through, 5 to 7 minutes. (Discard any cockles that do not open.) Remove from the heat and stir in the butter and parsley. Season with salt and pepper. Serve with bread. Photograph by  <END>
INPUT: rolls, russet potato, milk, sugar, kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Potato Rolls with Caraway Salt | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 8-ounce russet potato, peeled, cut into 1" pieces; 4 tablespoons (1/2 stick) unsalted butter plus more for bowl and pan; 1 cup whole milk; 2 tablespoons sugar, divided; 1 1/2 teaspoons kosher salt, divided; 1 1/4-ounce package (2 1/2 teaspoons) active dry yeast; 3 3/4 cups (or more) all-purpose flour, divided, plus more for surface; 1 teaspoon toasted caraway seeds, lightly crushed; 1 teaspoon pretzel salt or sea salt; 1 large egg; 2 teaspoons heavy cream; Special equipment: A 13x9x2" baking pan | INSTRUCTIONS: Place the potato in a small saucepan and add water to cover by 1". Bring to a boil; reduce heat to medium and simmer until potato is tender, about 15 minutes. Drain, reserving 1/4 cup cooking liquid in a small microwave-safe bowl. Meanwhile, melt 4 tablespoons butter in another small saucepan. Add milk; stir until warm, about 1 minute, and set aside. Transfer cooked potato to a large bowl. Mash with a fork, then stir in milk mixture, 1 tablespoon sugar, and 1/2 teaspoon salt (mixture will be slightly lumpy). Rewarm potato cooking liquid in microwave (or let cool) until an instant-read thermome <END>
INPUT: Mexican, tacos, canola oil, top round steak, Kosher salt pepper, onion, cilantro
OUTPUT: TITLE: Braised Beef Tacos | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons canola oil; 2 pounds top round steak; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 medium yellow onion, chopped; 1 bunch fresh cilantro, stems and leaves separated; 2 tablespoons chopped garlic; 1 tablespoon chile powder; 1 (28-ounce) can diced tomatoes; 1 (14 1/2-ounce) can beef broth; 2 scallions, sliced thin; 2 tablespoons fresh lime juice; 8 corn tortillas; 1 1/2 cups sour cream | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. In a large skillet over high heat, add the oil. Season the steak with salt and pepper. When the oil is hot, put the steaks into the pan and cook until browned on both sides, 3 to 4 minutes per side. In the sleeve of a slow cooker, add the onion and cilantro stems. Put the steak on top and sprinkle with garlic and chile powder. Add the tomatoes with their juice (set aside 1/2 cup of the tomatoes for the salsa), broth, and 2 cups water. Cover and cook on low for 6 to 8 hours, or until the steak is tender and shreds easily. Remove the meat and shred using 2 forks. ( <END>
INPUT: roast, breasts, olive oil, chicken wings, carrots, celery, beef broth
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roast Magret Duck Breasts with Shaved Black Truffles | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon olive oil; 1 1/2 pounds chicken wings; 1 cup diced peeled carrots; 1 cup diced celery; 2 1/4 cups beef broth; 2 cups low-salt chicken broth; 2 ounces fresh black truffles or frozen, unthawed; 3 boneless magret duck breast halves or Muscovy duck breast halves (about 3 pounds total); 2 tablespoons (1/4 stick) butter, divided; 1/4 cup finely chopped shallots; 1 cup Pinot Noir | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat oil in heavy large skillet over medium-high heat. Add chicken wings and sauté until deep brown, about 15 minutes. Add carrots and celery to skillet; sauté 5 minutes. Add both broths; bring to boil. Reduce heat, cover, and simmer 1 hour. Strain, reserving broth and discarding wings and vegetables. If necessary, return broth to skillet and boil until reduced to 1 cup; reserve for sauce. Using small brush, scrub fresh or frozen truffles under cold running water. Using sharp thin knife, remove peel from truffles and reserve for sauce. Thinly shave truffles using V-slicer or truffle shaver; co <END>
INPUT: chicken breast, onion, scallion, thyme, pimento seeds
OUTPUT: TITLE: Jerk Chicken Skewer with Jerk Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound boneless skinless chicken breast, pounded thin; 1 small white onion, chopped; 3/4 cup chopped scallion; 3 teaspoons chopped fresh thyme; 1 1/2 teaspoons ground pimento seeds (allspice berries); 3/4 teaspoon ground nutmeg; 3/4 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1 habanero pepper, chopped For less heat use a milder pepper like poblano or jalapeno; 4 teaspoons brown sugar; 1 teaspoon salt; 1 teaspoon pepper; 20 (6-inch) bamboo skewers, soaked in water; Jerk Sauce; Place the remainder of the marinade into a small saucepan and add:; 3/4 cup mango puree | INSTRUCTIONS: Cut the chicken into 20 thin strips, about the size of your small finger. Thread onto 1end of each skewer and place into a bowl until marinade is ready. Keep the bamboo handles all on 1 side so as not to touch the marinade when it is added. In a food processor, place the rest of the ingredients and blend until smooth. Pour 1/2 the marinade over the chicken only, trying not to touch the skewers. Make sure to coat the chicken entirely. Let sit in the refrigerator for at least 2 hours. Place over medium heat until thickened and the tomato has broken down, about 30 minutes. Puree, if desired for a <END>
INPUT: sundae, milk, heavy cream, sugar, glucose, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Passion Fruit Ice Cream Sundae | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: About 17 to 18 ounces milk; About 1 quart heavy cream; About 14 ounces sugar, divided; 7 ounces glucose; 1/2 teaspoon salt; About 17 to 18 ounces passion fruit puree; 30 egg yolks; About 9 ounces milk; About 17 to 18 ounces heavy cream; About 17 to 18 ounces coconut milk; 8 ounces sugar; 1/4 -ounce ice cream stabilizer; About 10 to 11 ounces condensed milk; About 5 ounces powdered milk; 1/2 teaspoons salt | INSTRUCTIONS: For the Passion Fruit Ice Cream: Place the milk and cream in a saucepan with 1/2 of the sugar, glucose and salt. Bring to a simmer. While the liquids are heating, crack the egg yolks into a bowl, and place the other half of the sugar to the side. Place the passion fruit puree into a bain marie and set it into an ice bath for cooling purposes. Now that the liquids are hot, temper the yolks with the hot milks. First whisk the sugar into the yolks and then, slowly pour the milks into the yolks whisking constantly. Now pour it back into the pan. On low heat, cook the mixture until thickened enough <END>
INPUT: shortbread, unsalted butter, light sugar, all purpose flour, cornstarch, cinnamon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Brown Sugar Shortbread | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 1/2 sticks unsalted butter, softened at room temperature; 1/2 cup packed light brown sugar; 2 1/4 cups all-purpose flour; 1/4 cup cornstarch; 1/4 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 2 tablespoons granulated sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line a 10 by 14 1/2-inch sheet pan (with sides) with parchment or waxed paper. In a mixer fitted with a paddle attachment (or using a hand mixer), cream the butter until soft and smooth. Add the brown sugar and mix until incorporated. In a separate bowl, stir together the flour and cornstarch. Add to the butter mixture and mix at low speed just until the ingredients are incorporated and the dough comes together. Turn the dough out onto a floured work surface and knead it 5 to 10 times, just to smooth the dough. Reflour your work surface. With a rolling pin, r <END>
INPUT: madidi, vegetable oil, butter, cabbage, mixed nuts
OUTPUT: TITLE: Madidi's Salmon | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon vegetable oil; 3 tablespoons butter, divided, plus more for brushing fish; 2 (6-ounce) salmon fillets; 1 cup chopped red cabbage; 1/4 cup mixed nuts; 1/4 cup raisins, soaked in Port; Pinch cayenne pepper; Pinch fresh thyme leaves; Salmon Mousse, recipe follows | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 500 degrees F. Heat oil and 1 tablespoon butter over high heat in a saute pan large enough to hold both fillets. Place salmon in the pan and sear for about 1 1/2 minutes on each side. Transfer pan to oven and roast until cooked through, about 3 minutes. Remove from heat and brush with butter. Meanwhile, melt 2 tablespoons butter over low heat. Add cabbage and saute over low heat for about 5 to 7 minutes. Add nuts, raisins, and seasonings and toss to combine. Place salmon fillets on a bed of the sauteed cabbage mixture and top with Salmon Mousse. Vegetable oil, for frying 1/4-po <END>
INPUT: salad, vinaigrette, roasted walnuts, garlic, Salt pepper taste, champagne vinegar, walnut oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Crab Salad with Grilled Portobello Mushrooms and Walnut Vinaigrette | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon chopped roasted walnuts; 1 teaspoon minced garlic; Salt and pepper to taste; 1 tablespoon champagne vinegar; 3 tablespoons walnut oil; 4 large Portobello mushrooms, stem removed; 2 ounces frisee lettuce; 2 ounces watercress; 1/2 cup fresh jumbo lump crabmeat | INSTRUCTIONS: Add the walnuts, garlic and salt and pepper to the champagne vinegar and slowly whisk in the walnut oil. Baste the four portobello mushrooms with the vinaigrette and grill over a table top grill. Toss the frisee and the watercress with the remaining vinaigrette and place the mushroom in the center of the plate and mound the frissee on top. Garnish with jumbo lump crabmeat <END>
INPUT: Asian, bitter, brulee, dark chocolate, coconut milk, heavy cream, granulated sugar, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Bitter Hot Chocolate, Banana-Gingersnap Brulee, Cayenne Whipped Cream | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups chopped dark chocolate; One 14-ounce can coconut milk; 1 cup heavy cream; 1 cup granulated sugar; 1 tablespoon salt; 1 1/2 teaspoons cayenne; 1 1/2 teaspoons cinnamon; 2 slices fresh ginger; 2 serrano peppers; 3 cups heavy cream; 1/2 cup powdered sugar; 1 1/2 teaspoons cinnamon; 1 1/2 teaspoons cayenne; 3 bananas; 8 to 12 gingersnaps | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: a kitchen blowtorch For the bitter hot chocolate: Put the chocolate in a large heatproof bowl and set aside. Put the coconut milk, heavy cream, granulated sugar, salt, cayenne, cinnamon, ginger slices and serrano peppers in a saucepan and bring to a simmer, whisking to combine. Pour the mixture over the chocolate in the bowl and let steep until the chocolate is melted and the flavors are married, at least 30 minutes. Remove the ginger slices and serrano peppers. For the cayenne whipped cream: Whip the heavy cream to slightly thickened soft peaks. Sift in the powdered sugar,  <END>
INPUT: confiture, lemons, sugar, peppercorns, vanilla bean
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lemon Confiture | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 lemons; 6 tablespoons sugar; 6 black peppercorns; 1/2 vanilla bean, split lengthwise | INSTRUCTIONS: Using vegetable peeler, remove peel (yellow part only) from lemons in long strips. Squeeze 6 tablespoons juice from lemons. Blanch peel in small saucepan of boiling water 10 seconds; drain. Repeat twice. Place reserved 6 tablespoons lemon juice, sugar, and peppercorns in small saucepan. Scrape in seeds from vanilla bean; add bean. Bring to boil, stirring to dissolve sugar. Add peel, reduce heat to low, and simmer gently until tender and partly translucent, about 12 minutes. Cool lemon peel in syrup. DO AHEAD: Can be made 1 month ahead. Keep chilled and completely covered in syrup. Always use c <END>
INPUT: premade pizza crust, olive oil, garlic, mozzarella cheese, cheddar cheese
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken Pizza | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 13.8-ounce cans premade pizza crust dough; 4 tablespoons olive oil; 2 teaspoons minced garlic; 2 cups shredded mozzarella cheese (about 8 ounces); 2 cups shredded cheddar cheese (about 8 ounces); 1 bell pepper, cored, seeded, and cut into strips; 1 red onion, sliced vertically; 3 boneless, skinless chicken breast halves, grilled and diced; 6 slices bacon, cooked until crisp and crumbled | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350°F. Roll the pizza dough out and fit onto two 15-inch pizza pans. Drizzle 1 tablespoon of olive oil and 1 teaspoon of garlic on each pizza crust, followed by 1/2 cup each of the mozzarella cheese and 1/2 cup of the cheddar cheese. Scatter half of the bell pepper, sliced onion, chicken, and bacon on top of the cheeses. Sprinkle another 1/2 cup mozzarella cheese and 1/2 cup cheddar cheese over each pizza and drizzle each pizza with 1 tablespoon more of olive oil. Bake the pizzas for 20 to 25 minutes, or until the crusts are lightly browned. Slice each pizza into 8 pieces.  <END>
INPUT: pound, unsalted butter, cake flour, sugar, eggs, vanilla extract
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pound Cake | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 16 ounces unsalted butter, cut into pieces and softened, plus 1 tablespoon; 16 ounces cake flour, plus 2 tablespoons; 16 ounces sugar; 9 large eggs, room temperature; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Arrange a rack in the middle of the oven and heat to 350 degrees F. Coat a 10-inch aluminum tube pan or 2 (9 by 5-inch) loaf pans with 1 tablespoon of butter and dust with 2 tablespoons of the flour. Cream together the remaining 16 ounces of butter and the sugar in the bowl of a stand mixer for 5 minutes on medium speed, using the paddle attachment. Stop once to scrape down the sides of the bowl with a spatula. With the mixer running at the lowest speed, add the eggs, 1 at a time, making sure each egg is fully incorporated before adding the next. Again, stopping once to scrape down the sides o <END>
INPUT: Italian, stick, shrimp, basil leaves, bacon, slender bamboo skewers
OUTPUT: TITLE: Bacon Basil Shrimp on a Stick | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 24 extra large shrimp (about 1 1/2 pounds), peeled and deveined; 24 fresh basil leaves; 24 thin strips bacon, each 6 to 7 inches long; 24 slender bamboo skewers (8 to 10-inches long), soaked in water for 30 minutes | INSTRUCTIONS: Hold a shrimp into a straight position in your left hand (or right hand, if you're left handed). Starting at the tail end, insert a skewer running the length of the shrimp. Place a basil leaf on the "back" (the formerly rounded part) of the shrimp. Wrap the shrimp in bacon, tucking in the ends. Skewer and wrap the remaining shrimp the same way. Set up the grill for direct grilling and preheat to high. Arrange the shrimp on a grate, placing an aluminum foil protector under the exposed portion of the skewers to keep them from burning. Grill the kebabs until the bacon is nicely browned and the sh <END>
INPUT: cherry tomatoes, avocados, sour cream, parsely, lime juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cherry Tomatoes Stuffed With Avocado | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pint large cherry tomatoes (about 30); 2 medium ripe avocados; 2 tablespoons sour cream; 2 tablespoons minced parsely; 4 teaspoons lime juice; 2 teaspoons lemon juice; 2 teaspoons minced chives; 1/2 teaspoon salt, plus more for sprinkling; 1/4 teaspoon hot pepper sauce; 1/4 teaspoon sugar, plus more for sprinkling | INSTRUCTIONS: Cut thin slices from the tops of the cherry tomatoes. With a small melon ball cutter, scoop out and discard the seeds and pulp. Sprinkle the insides of the shells lightly with sugar and salt and invert the shells on paper towels to drain for at least 30 minutes. In a bowl, mash avocados with sour cream, parsley, lime juice, lemon juice, chives, 1/4 tsp. salt, hot pepper sauce, and 1/4 tsp sugar. Using a small knife, fill the tomato shells with avocado mixture. Arrange the tomatoes on a serving dish and serve them chilled. Cut thin slices from the tops of the cherry tomatoes. With a small melon <END>
INPUT: scented, pecans, Pastry Cream, zest orange
OUTPUT: TITLE: Soufflé of Puff Pastry with Orange-Scented Pastry Cream, Candied Pecans, and Caramel Butter Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup (120 g/4.2 oz) heavy cream; Pastry Cream; Finely grated zest of 1 orange; 1 1/2 Tbsp (12 g/0.42 oz) cornstarch; 2 cups plus 2 Tbsp (500 g/17.6 oz) water; 1 cup (225 g/8 oz) firmly packed light brown sugar; 1 vanilla bean, split lengthwise and seeds scraped; 2 Tbsp (30 g/1 oz) unsalted butter; Pinch of salt; 1 Tbsp (15 g/0.5 oz) Myers's dark rum; 1 1/4 cups (125 g/4.4 oz) pecan halves; 1/4 cup (60 g/2.1 oz) water; 1/4 cup (50 g/1.76 oz) granulated sugar; Puff Pastry; Confectioners' sugar, for dusting | INSTRUCTIONS: Orange-Scented Pastry Cream 1. In the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the whisk attachment, whip the cream to soft peaks. 2. Whisk the Pastry Cream until smooth. Gently fold in the orange zest and whipped cream. Transfer the cream to a pastry bag fitted with a medium, plain tip and refrigerate until ready to serve. 1. In the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the whisk attachment, whip the cream to soft peaks. 2. Whisk the Pastry Cream until smooth. Gently fold in the orange zest and whipped cream. Transfer the cream to a pastry bag fitted with a medium, plain tip and refrigerate until ready  <END>
INPUT: brown, Parmigiano Reggiano, cauliflower florets, flat leaf parsley, pepper taste, unsalted butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cauliflower Soufflé with Brown Butter | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons finely grated Parmigiano-Reggiano; 1 1/4 cups finely chopped cauliflower florets; 1/4 cup finely chopped flat-leaf parsley; White pepper to taste; 1/2 stick unsalted butter; 4 1/2 tablespoons all-purpose flour; 1 1/2 cups whole milk; 6 large egg yolks; 8 large egg whites; 1 stick salted butter; 2-qt soufflé dish | INSTRUCTIONS: Make Soufflé: Preheat oven to 400°F with rack in middle. Generously butter soufflé dish, then sprinkle with cheese, knocking out excess. Stir together cauliflower, parsley, 1/4 teaspoon salt, and white pepper to taste in a large bowl. Melt butter in a 2- to 3-quart heavy saucepan over medium heat. Whisk in flour, then cook, whisking, until pale golden, about 2 minutes. Add milk a little at a time, whisking constantly until very smooth. Bring sauce to a boil, whisking, then simmer, whisking, until quite thick, about 1 minute. Remove from heat and whisk in yolks, 1/4 teaspoon white pepper, and 1 <END>
INPUT: zabaglione, egg yolks, sugar, hot espresso
OUTPUT: TITLE: Espresso Zabaglione | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 large egg yolks; 3 tablespoons sugar; 1 cup hot espresso | INSTRUCTIONS: Whisk the yolks and sugar in a large glass bowl to blend. Set the bowl over a saucepan of simmering water (do not allow the bottom of the bowl to touch the water). Whisk until the yolk mixture is very thick and fluffy, about 3 minutes. Whisk in the hot espresso. Pour the espresso mixture into mugs and serve immediately. <END>
INPUT: truffles, single cream, hot espresso coffee, dark chocolate, Cocoa Powder
OUTPUT: TITLE: Espresso Coffee Truffles | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cups single cream; 1/2 cup hot espresso coffee; 29 ounces dark chocolate (recommended: cacao content of 70 percent or more); Cocoa Powder, for coating | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. In a saucepan slowly bring the cream to the boil. Turn off the heat and add the coffee and chocolate. Stir with a whisk until the mixture becomes smooth and the chocolate has melted. The liquid should have become slightly lighter and shinier at this stage. Pour into a jug and leave to cool for about 2 hours or until it has come down to room temperature. See Cook's note*. Beat the mixture with an electric whisk for about 1 minute or until it changes color. Line a square plastic container with baking paper and pour the chocolate mixture into it. Leave to set in the <END>
INPUT: American, half half, heavy whipping cream, vanilla beans, sugar, light sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pumpkin Pie Ice Cream | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 4 cups half and half; 2 cups heavy whipping cream; 2 vanilla beans; 1 1/2 cups white sugar; 1/2 cup light brown sugar; 7.5 oz canned pumpkin; 1 tsp. nutmeg; 1 tsp. ground cinnamon; 1/2 tsp. ground ginger; 1/4 tsp. ground cloves | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine all dairy into a saucepan along with the sugar. Split and scrape the vanilla beans into the dairy and sugar mixture. Bring to 170 degrees F. to dissolve sugar then let cool at room temperature. Chill in the refrigerator overnight. While dairy is heating, grate nutmeg into pumpkin and add the other spices. Mix in a bowl to combine and chill overnight in the refrigerator. The next day, take pumpkin and dairy mixture out. Filter dairy mixture to remove large vanilla bean pieces. Add some of the dairy mixture to the pumpkin and mix well to loosen it up. Then mix both the dairy and pumpkin  <END>
INPUT: American, panini, virgin olive oil, garlic, onion, bell pepper, herbes de Provence
OUTPUT: TITLE: Rib Eye Steak Panini | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil; 2 cloves garlic, minced; 1 small onion, thinly sliced; 1 small red bell pepper, cored, seeded and thinly sliced; 1 teaspoon herbes de Provence; 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt; 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil; One 1-pound boneless rib eye steak, cut into 1/4-inch-thickslices; 3/4 teaspoon kosher salt; 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 1/2 cup jarred tomato-basil sauce, such as Giada DeLaurentiis for Target; 4 kaiser rolls, halved; 1 1/3 cups arugula; 4 slices sharp provolone | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Special equipment: Panini maker Preheat a panini maker. For the vegetables: In a large nonstick skillet, heat the oil over medium-high heat. Add the garlic, onions, peppers, herbes de Provence, salt and pepper. Cook, stirring occasionally, until the vegetables are soft, 8 to 10 minutes. Remove the vegetables and set aside. For the steak: In the same skillet, heat the oil over high heat. Add the steak and sprinkle with the salt and pepper. Cook, stirring constantly, until the steak is cooked through to desired doneness, 2 to 3 minutes. For the panini: Spoon 2 tabl <END>
INPUT: American, cheese, sandwiches, unsalted butter, mozzarella Swedish Fontina, rounded kalua pig, tomato soups
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Cheese and Kalua-Pig Sandwiches | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 8 (1/4-inch-thick) baguette slices; 4 thin slices mozzarella or Swedish Fontina; 4 rounded tablespoons kalua pig; Accompaniment: chilled tomato soups | INSTRUCTIONS: Butter 1 side of each baguette slice and sandwich 1 slice each of cheese and some pork between unbuttered sides to make 4 sandwiches. Grill sandwiches in a large nonstick skillet over moderate heat until golden and cheese is melted, about 1 minute on each side. Butter 1 side of each baguette slice and sandwich 1 slice each of cheese and some pork between unbuttered sides to make 4 sandwiches. Grill sandwiches in a large nonstick skillet over moderate heat until golden and cheese is melted, about 1 minute on each side. <END>
INPUT: cranberry, sauce, Marsala, tart cherries, cranberries, dark sweet cherries
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cranberry Sauce with Cherries, Marsala and Rosemary | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups dry Marsala; 1/2 cup dried tart cherries; 1 12-ounce bag cranberries; 12 ounces frozen dark sweet cherries (about 2 2/3 cups), halved; 1 cup (packed) golden brown sugar; 1 teaspoon minced fresh rosemary; 1/2 teaspoon ground allspice | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine Marsala and dried cherries in deep saucepan. Boil until mixture is reduced to 2/3 cup, about 8 minutes. Mix in remaining ingredients. Bring to boil, stirring occasionally. Reduce heat to medium, cover pan and simmer until cranberries burst and mixture thickens, stirring occasionally, about 8 minutes. Transfer to bowl. Refrigerate until cold, about 3 hours. (Can be prepared 1 week ahead. Cover; keep refrigerated.) Combine Marsala and dried cherries in deep saucepan. Boil until mixture is reduced to 2/3 cup, about 8 minutes. Mix in remaining ingredients. Bring to boil, stirring occasiona <END>
INPUT: American, sweet potatoes, fine graham cracker, dark sugar, unsalted butter, eggs
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sweet Potato Pie | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 sweet potatoes, about 10 ounces each; 1 3/4 cups fine graham cracker crumbs (about 15 whole crackers, finely ground); 1/4 cup dark brown sugar; 8 tablespoons unsalted butter (1 stick), melted; 2 large eggs; 1/2 cup plus 1 tablespoon dark brown sugar; 1/2 cup heavy cream; 3 tablespoons all-purpose flour; 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1/2 teaspoon ground nutmeg; 1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Wrap the sweet potatoes tightly in 2 layers of aluminum foil and roast them in the oven until very soft, about 1 hour and 15 to 20 minutes. Remove from the oven and allow to cool. In a bowl, stir the graham cracker crumbs and brown sugar until well combined. Add the butter and mix until the crumbs are evenly moistened. Press firmly and evenly on the bottom and sides of a 9-inch pie plate to create a crust, being sure there are no cracks. Bake in the oven for 10 minutes or until golden. Remove from the oven. Meanwhile, make the f <END>
INPUT: Asian, tartare, slices, yellowfin tuna, dark sesame oil, soy sauce, rice wine vinegar, chives
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tuna Tartare on Radish Slices | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound yellowfin tuna; 1 tablespoon dark sesame oil; 2 tablespoons soy sauce; 1 tablespoon rice-wine vinegar; 1 tablespoon chives, finely chopped, plus more for garnish; Salt and freshly ground pepper; 2 large red radishes or 1 daikon radish, washed | INSTRUCTIONS: Cut tuna into 1/4-inch dice, and roughly chop until tuna holds together. In a medium bowl, combine tuna, sesame oil, soy sauce, vinegar, and chives. Season with salt and pepper. Cover, and refrigerate until serving, up to 1 hour. When ready to serve, slice radishes with a mandoline. Using a 1-inch cookie cutter as a mold, press 1 heaping teaspoon of tartare mixture onto a radish disk, forming a cylinder. Garnish each with 2-inch pieces of chives. Repeat with remaining tartare and radishes. <END>
INPUT: American, succotash, dark sugar, Kosher salt pepper, skirt steak, tomatoes, sour cream
OUTPUT: TITLE: Brown Sugar Skirt Steak with Succotash | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup dark brown sugar; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 pound skirt steak, trimmed and cut into 4 portions; 2 medium red tomatoes (about 1 pound), cut into 1/2-inch-thick wedges; 1/2 cup sour cream; 1/4 teaspoon cumin; Zest and juice of 1 lime; 2 tablespoons olive oil, plus more for oiling the grill grates; 4 ears yellow corn, shucked; 1 large red onion (about 8 ounces), sliced into 1/2-inch rounds; One 15-ounce can black-eyed peas, drained and rinsed; 1/2 cup roughly chopped fresh parsley or cilantro | INSTRUCTIONS: Prepare a grill or large grill pan for medium-high heat. Mix the brown sugar, 1 tablespoon salt and 2 teaspoons pepper together in a small bowl. Rub the mixture into the steaks and set aside for 15 minutes. Put the tomatoes in a large mixing bowl. Sprinkle with salt and pepper and let sit at room temperature while you prepare the rest of the ingredients. Whisk together the sour cream, cumin, lime zest and juice and a pinch of salt and pepper in a small bowl and set aside. Meanwhile, lightly oil the grill grates. Brush the corn and onions liberally with the oil, sprinkle with salt and pepper an <END>
INPUT: alla, fiorentina, olive oil, Pancetta, pork, prosciutto, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Pheasant: Pheasant Alla Fiorentina | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon olive oil; 2 ounces Pancetta, thinly sliced; 6 ounces ground pork; 2 ounces prosciutto, chopped fine; 2 cloves garlic, sliced; 1 handful fresh sage, leaves picked and chopped fine, plus more for serving; 3 ounces (about 1 thick slice) stale bread, crumbled by hand; 1/2 cup white wine; 2 (2 1/2 pounds each) pheasants; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Heat a large saute pan over medium heat and add 1 tablespoon olive oil. Add the pancetta to the hot oil and render its fat. Once it begins to brown, add the ground pork and prosciutto and cook, while stirring, about 4 minutes. When the pork is no longer pink, add the garlic and sage and saute until fragrant, about 1 minute more. Deglaze the pan with 1/4 cup white wine, scraping up the browned bits from the bottom of the pan. Stir in the bread crumbs. Remove the stuffing mixture to a bowl and allow to cool. Season the cavity of the birds with salt and pepper.  <END>
INPUT: Mexican, aguachile, cooked, English cucumber, kosher salt, lime juice, virgin olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Aguachile de Camarón (Shrimp Cooked in Lime and Chile) | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 English cucumber, peeled; 1 pound fresh, head-on jumbo shrimp; 1 teaspoon kosher salt, plus more to taste; 1 cup freshly squeezed lime juice; 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 2 to 3 fresh serrano chiles, sliced | INSTRUCTIONS: Cut the cucumber into thin rectangular slices, about 3 inches long, and divide among 4 small plates. Peel, devein, and butterfly the shrimp, leaving the tail intact but discarding the head. Arrange the shrimp on top of the cucumber slices, sprinkle with salt, cover with plastic wrap, and refrigerate for at least 1 1/2 hours. In a blender, combine the lime juice, olive oil, chiles, and 1/4 cup of cold water. Process until smooth then season to taste with salt. Just before serving, drizzle the shrimp with the lime-chile sauce and serve immediately. Cut the cucumber into thin rectangular slices,  <END>
INPUT: Italian, crumb, topping, wheat bread, hard boiled egg, parsley leaves, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Asparagus and Parmesan-Egg Crumb Topping | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 2 slices whole-wheat bread, crusts removed; 1 hard-boiled egg; 3 tablespoons chopped parsley leaves; 1/2-ounce (1/4 cup) freshly grated Parmesan; 1/4 teaspoon salt; Pinch pepper; 2 pounds asparagus, washed, ends snapped off | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Pulse the bread in the bowl of a food processor until it becomes fine crumbs. Spray a nonstick skillet with cooking spray and heat pan over medium-high heat until hot. Lower heat to medium, add bread crumbs to the skillet and toast, tossing often, until crumbs are golden brown and toasted, about 5 to 6 minutes. Remove from heat and cool completely. Grate egg in the medium-sized holes of a box grater or on a medium microplane grater (used for grating chocolate or cheese). Combine the egg, bread crumbs, parsley, cheese, salt, and pepper in a medium-sized bowl and t <END>
INPUT: Asian, tartare, crisps, wonton wrappers, Olive oil, Sesame seeds, soy sauce, unseasoned rice vinegar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tuna and Avocado Tartare with California Caviar on Sesame Wonton Crisps | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 12 wonton wrappers, each cut diagonally in half to form 2 triangles; Olive oil (for brushing); Sesame seeds; 2 tablespoons soy sauce; 1 tablespoon unseasoned rice vinegar; 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice; 1 1/2 teaspoons wasabi paste*; 3/4 teaspoon Asian sesame oil; 8 ounces sushi-quality ahi tuna steak, cut into 1/3-inch cubes; 1 medium avocado, halved, pitted, peeled, cut into 1/3-inch cubes; 1 cup 1/3-inch cubes seeded English hothouse cucumber; 1 green onion, finely chopped; Toasted sesame seeds; Chopped fresh chives; California caviar (preferably ginger-flavored whitefish roe) | INSTRUCTIONS: For crisps: Preheat oven to 350°F. Line large rimmed baking sheet with parchment paper. Arrange wonton triangles on sheet; brush each with olive oil and sprinkle with sesame seeds. Bake until triangles are golden brown, about 9 minutes. Cool on sheet. Do ahead Can be made 8 hours ahead. Let stand at room temperature. Preheat oven to 350°F. Line large rimmed baking sheet with parchment paper. Arrange wonton triangles on sheet; brush each with olive oil and sprinkle with sesame seeds. Bake until triangles are golden brown, about 9 minutes. Cool on sheet. Do ahead Can be made 8 hours ahead. Let s <END>
INPUT: crusted, virgin olive oil, Juice lemon, Salt pepper taste, polenta corn meal
OUTPUT: TITLE: Polenta-Crusted Pompano Salad with Sauteed Spicy Peppers Vinaigrette, Chicory and Tomato Oil | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil plus 1/2 cup; Juice of 1/2 lemon; Salt and pepper to taste; 4 tablespoons virgin olive oil; 1/2 cup polenta or corn meal, for dredging; 4 tablespoons freshly ground black pepper; 4 boneless fillets of pompano, or sole or trout; 1 medium vine-ripened tomato; 1 tablespoon balsamic vinegar; 1 tablespoon capers, rinsed and drained; 2 cups Spicy Peppers Vinaigrette, recipe follows; 1/2 pound chicory salad, washed and spun dry; 4 tablespoons virgin olive oil; 1 medium red onion, thinly sliced; 1 clove garlic, whole | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large mixing bowl, toss clean chicory with 3 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil, lemon juice and salt and pepper to taste. Divide among 4 plates, placing mixture in center of each. In a 10-inch to 12-inch saute pan, heat 4 tablespoons virgin oil until smoking. Meanwhile, dredge pompano fillet and sprinkle with black pepper. Carefully place crusted Pompano in saute pan and cook until golden brown (about 3 minutes per side). Meanwhile, roughly chop tomato and put into blender with balsamic, capers and remaining half cup extra virgin olive oil. Blend until smooth. Remove pompano fillets and  <END>
INPUT: Indian, james, olive oil, jumbo shrimp, Salt pepper, very basil, Scotch bonnet pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: James's Coconut Curry Shrimp | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons olive oil; 8 extra large or jumbo shrimp, peeled and deveined with the tail section left on; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 tablespoon very thinly sliced basil; 1/4 Scotch bonnet pepper, seeded and julienned; 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped; 1/2 small onion, chopped; 1/4 cup dry white wine; 2 tablespoons Curry Sauce, recipe follows; 1/2 cup unsweetened coconut milk; 1 1/2 cups cooked white rice; 1 coconut, halved; Plantain chips, for garnish (optional); Fried ginger chips, for garnish (optional); 1/2 cup vegetable oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat olive oil in a large skillet over high heat. Add shrimp, and season with salt and pepper. Cook until golden brown, 1 to 2 minutes. Add basil, Scotch bonnet pepper, garlic, and onion, stirring shrimp to coat. Remove skillet from heat, and add wine. Return to heat, and add curry sauce and coconut milk. Cook, stirring until the sauce coats the back of a spoon, 3 to 5 minutes. Place 3/4 cup of rice in each coconut half. Place 4 shrimp on the rice, and top with coconut curry sauce. Garnish with fried plantain chips and fried ginger chips, if desired. Serve immediately.; Heat oil in a small hea <END>
INPUT: mediterranean, supper, olive oil, fennel bulb, cherry tomatoes, brine cured olives, eggs
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mediterranean Supper Omelet with Fennel, Olives, and Dill | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons olive oil, divided; 2 cups thinly sliced fresh fennel bulb, fronds chopped and reserved; 8 cherry tomatoes; 1/4 cup chopped pitted green brine-cured olives; 5 large eggs, beaten to blend with 1/4 teaspoon salt and 1/4 teaspoon ground black pepper; 1/2 4-ounce package crumbled goat cheese Provencal (with thyme, basil, and sweet red pepper); 1 1/2 tablespoons chopped fresh dill | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat 1 tablespoon oil in 10-inch nonstick skillet over medium-high heat. Add fennel bulb; sauté until beginning to brown, about 5 minutes. Cover and cook until softened, stirring occasionally, about 4 minutes. Add tomatoes and mash with fork; mix in olives. Season with salt and pepper. Transfer mixture to medium bowl. Add remaining 1 tablespoon oil to same skillet; heat over medium-high heat. Add beaten eggs and cook until eggs are just set in center, tilting skillet and lifting edges of omelet with spatula to let uncooked portion flow underneath, about 3 minutes. Sprinkle half of cheese over  <END>
INPUT: mojito, mint leaves, ice, Lamill Coffee Mystique, simple syrup
OUTPUT: TITLE: Green Tea Mojito | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 8 Large fresh mint leaves, plus more for serving; 1 cup ice; 3 ounces Lamill Coffee Green Mystique Tea (brewed in advance in a 17-ounce tea pot, 2 teaspoons/10 g tea, steep for 3 1/2 minutes); 1 1/2 ounces (3 tablespoons) freshly squeezed lime juice; 3 ounces simple syrup (equal parts sugar and water, heated until sugar dissolves, then cooled); 2 ounces club soda | INSTRUCTIONS: Muddle mint leaves and ice in a cocktail shaker. Add green tea, lime juice and simple syrup into the shaker and shake well. Pour into a glass and top off with club soda. Garnish with a sprig of mint. Serve with a big smile! <END>
INPUT: Asian, french, toast, pure maple syrup, piece ginger, bourbon, loaf broiche challah
OUTPUT: TITLE: French Toast Fingers with Ginger Bourbon Maple Syrup | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup pure maple syrup; One 2-inch piece fresh ginger, peeled and sliced; 2 tablespoons bourbon; Nonstick cooking spray; One 1-pound loaf broiche or challah; 6 eggs, at room temperature; 1 cup whole milk, at room temperature; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted and slightly cooled; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; 1/2 teaspoon bourbon; 1/8 teaspoon fine salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. For the syrup: Place the maple syrup and ginger in a small saucepan and bring to a boil over medium heat. Reduce the heat to low and simmer for 10 minutes. Use a slotted spoon to remove the ginger and discard. Stir in the bourbon and keep warm while you make the French toast fingers. For the French toast: Place two racks in the upper and lower thirds of the oven and preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line 2 baking sheets with parchment paper and spray lightly with cooking spray. Slice the brioche into 2-inch slices and then cut each slice into three to four 1-inc <END>
INPUT: unsalted butter, garlic, Yukon Gold potatoes, Kosher salt, duck fat unsalted
OUTPUT: TITLE: Crispy Potato Cake with Garlic and Parsley | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, divided, plus more for pan; 6 garlic cloves, thinly sliced; 3 pounds small Yukon Gold potatoes, peeled, sliced 1/4" thick; Kosher salt, freshly ground pepper; 6 tablespoons duck fat or unsalted butter; 1/2 cup fresh flat-leaf parsley leaves; Special equipment: An 8"-diameter cake pan | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350°F. Generously butter cake pan; set aside. Heat 2 tablespoons butter in a large skillet over medium heat. Add garlic and cook, stirring, until golden brown, about 4 minutes; transfer to a paper towel–lined plate. Add remaining 2 tablespoons butter to skillet. Once butter is melted, add potatoes; season with salt and pepper and cook, tossing occasionally, until beginning to soften, 6–8 minutes. Add duck fat and continue to cook potatoes, tossing occasionally, until tender and golden brown in spots, 15–20 minutes longer. Transfer potatoes to prepared cake pan, pressing down fi <END>
INPUT: American, rolls, glaze, milk, unsalted butter, sugar, egg
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cinnamon Rolls with Cream Cheese Glaze | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup whole milk; 3 tablespoons unsalted butter; 3 1/2 cups (or more) unbleached all purpose flour, divided; 1/2 cup sugar; 1 large egg; 2 1/4 teaspoons rapid-rise yeast (from 2 envelopes yeast); 1 teaspoon salt; Nonstick vegetable oil spray; 3/4 cup (packed) golden brown sugar; 2 tablespoons ground cinnamon; 1/4 cup (1/2 stick) unsalted butter, room temperature; 4 ounces cream cheese, room temperature; 1 cup powdered sugar; 1/4 cup (1/2 stick) unsalted butter, room temperature; 1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract | INSTRUCTIONS: For dough: Combine milk and butter in glass measuring cup. Microwave on high until butter melts and mixture is just warmed to 120°F to 130°F, 30 to 45 seconds. Pour into bowl of stand mixer fitted with paddle attachment. Add 1 cup flour, sugar, egg, yeast, and salt. Beat on low speed 3 minutes, stopping occasionally to scrape down sides of bowl. Add 21/2 cups flour. Beat on low until flour is absorbed and dough is sticky, scraping down sides of bowl. If dough is very sticky, add more flour by tablespoonfuls until dough begins to form ball and pulls away from sides of bowl. Turn dough out onto  <END>
INPUT: golden, tart, Feuille de'Bric phyllo, figs, mascarpone cheese, heavy cream, egg
OUTPUT: TITLE: Golden Fig and Mascarpone Tart | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Feuille de'Bric or phyllo dough; 4 fresh white figs, in syrup; 1/2 cup mascarpone cheese; 1/4 cup heavy cream; 1 egg; Kosher salt; Ground black pepper; 1 teaspoon black fig syrup | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 325 degrees F. Cut Feuille de' Bric sheets into 2 1/2-inch squares, spray with pan spray and crisscross in muffin tins. Bake until golden brown, let cool and remove from pan. In a medium bowl mix figs removed from the syrup with mascarpone cheese, heavy cream, and 1 large egg. Mix on slow speed until figs are well broken. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Fill tart shell 3/4 of the way and bake for 20 minutes or until filling is firm. Garnish with black fig syrup and serve warm. <END>
INPUT: sauce, vegetable oil, sirloin pork chops, all purpose flour, onion, paprika
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pork Chops with Sour Cream-Dill Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons vegetable oil; 4 large sirloin pork chops (each about 1/2 inch thick); 1/3 cup plus 1 tablespoon all purpose flour; 1/2 cup chopped onion; 2 teaspoons paprika; 1 small garlic clove, crushed; 3/4 cup (or more) canned low-salt chicken broth; 1/2 teaspoon dried marjoram; 1/2 teaspoon caraway seeds; 1 cup sour cream; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh dill | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat vegetable oil in large skillet over medium-high heat. Season pork chops with salt and pepper. Place 1/3 cup flour in shallow bowl. Coat pork chops with flour, shaking off excess. Add to skillet and cook until brown, about 4 minutes per side. Transfer to platter. Drain all but 1 tablespoon fat from skillet. Add onion to skillet and sauté until light golden, about 5 minutes. Add paprika and crushed garlic clove and stir 30 seconds. Mix in 3/4 cup chicken broth, marjoram and caraway seeds. Simmer 3 minutes. Return pork chops to skillet. Cover and simmer until pork chops are almost cooked thr <END>
INPUT: turnovers, butter, mushrooms, shallots, whipping cream, wine
OUTPUT: TITLE: Puff Pastry Turnovers with Shrimp, Scallops and Spinach | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons butter; 8 ounces mushrooms, sliced; 1/3 cup finely chopped shallots; 1 cup whipping cream; 1/2 cup dry white wine; 1/2 cup canned low-salt chicken broth; 1 1/2 tablespoons Dijon mustard; 1 teaspoon white wine vinegar; 1 10-ounce package frozen chopped spinach, thawed, squeezed dry; 1 17 1/4-ounce package frozen puff pastry (2 sheets), thawed; 16 uncooked large shrimp, peeled, deveined; 8 sea scallops, halved horizontally | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 500°F. Melt butter in heavy large skillet over medium-high heat. Add mushrooms and shallots; sauté 5 minutes. Add cream, wine and broth. Boil until mixture is reduced to 1 cup, about 12 minutes. Mix in mustard and vinegar, then spinach. Season with salt and pepper. Cool. Roll out 1 pastry sheet on lightly floured surface to 12-inch square. Place 1/8 of spinach mixture on bottom half of 1 square. Top spinach mixture with 2 shrimp and 2 scallop halves. Brush pastry edges with water. Fold unfilled half of pastry over filling, forming rectangle. Press edges of pastry closed with ti <END>
INPUT: fiesta, slice ginger, jicama, pear, daikon radish
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spicy Jicama Fiesta | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1-inch slice of ginger; 1 jicama, cut into slices; 1 pear, cut into slices; 1/2 large daikon radish, cut into lengthwise pieces, or 4 radishes with tops | INSTRUCTIONS: Juice the ginger, followed by the jicama, pear, and radish. Juice the ginger, followed by the jicama, pear, and radish. <END>
INPUT: goose, vineyard, Vegetable oil, quince, pear, dark sugar, chicken breast
OUTPUT: TITLE: Goose with Vineyard Stuffing | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Vegetable oil cooking spray; 1 quince, peeled, cored, and cut into 1-inch dice; 1 pear, peeled, cored, and cut into 1-inch dice; 2 tablespoons dark brown sugar; 4 ounces ground chicken breast; 4 ounces ground pork; 4 ounces loose sausage meat; 1 cup freshly grated Parmesan cheese; 1 cup bread crumbs; 1 egg; 2 tablespoons salt; Freshly ground black pepper to taste; 1/2 teaspoon grated nutmeg; 1/2 cup dried sour cherries, soaked in warm water for 30 minutes to plump, then drained; 1/2 pound red grapes, preferably seedless | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 200 degreees F. Line a sheet pan with parchment paper. Spray the parchment paper with vegetable oil spray. Place the quince and the pear in a simgle layer on the parchment paper and sprinkle the brown sugar on top. Bake in a preheated oven until caramelized, about 45 minutes. Meanwhile, in a bowl, combine the ground chicken and pork with the loose sausage meat, Parmesan, bread crumbs, egg, 1/2 tablespoon of the salt, pepper and nutmeg. When the mixture is amalgamated, add the quince and pear, along with the dried cherries, grapes, and pomegranate seeds. Turn the oven up to  <END>
INPUT: salad, Idaho potatoes, boiled eggs, bacon crumbled, celery, pimentos
OUTPUT: TITLE: Boiled Potato Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 8 to 10 Idaho potatoes; 4 to 5 boiled eggs; 1/2 pound bacon cooked and crumbled; 2 celery ribs; 2 tablespoons diced pimentos; 3/4 teaspoons steak dust (recommended: Bob Tallman's cowboy blend of garlic, black pepper, sea salt, onion, and sugar); 1/4 teaspoon panhandle pepper (recommended: Bob Tallman's cowboy orange seasoning - gourmet black pepper, garlic, onion, and orange oil); 1/2 cup mayonnaise; 1/2 cup sour cream; Paprika, mint or basil leaves, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Boil the potatoes. After the eggs, potatoes, and bacon are cooked you must dice the ingredients. Mix all ingredients together and serve in Grandma's glass tumblers. Dip rims in water and dip in paprika and finish it off with a fresh mint or basil leaf. <END>
INPUT: American, vegetable oil, pepperoni, cream cheese, Italian seasoning, scallions
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sunny's BBQ Chicken and Pepperoni Dip | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 teaspoon vegetable oil; 1 ounce pepperoni (15 to 20 slices), coarsely chopped; 16 ounces cream cheese, at room temperature; 1 teaspoon Italian seasoning; 4 scallions, white and green parts, finely chopped; Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper; 1 cup Sunny's Coca-Cola BBQ Sauce, recipe follows; 1 rotisserie chicken, skin discarded, white and dark meat finely chopped (not shredded); 1/2 cup shredded mozzarella cheese; 1/2 cup shredded Cheddar and Monterey Jack cheese blend; For serving: any combination of bread sticks, pretzel sticks, crackers, toasted baguette slices, corn tortilla chips, carrot sticks, celery sticks and; 12 ounces Coca-Cola; 1 1/2 cups ketchup; 1/2 cup chopped white onion; 2 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Heat the oil in a skillet over medium heat. Add the pepperoni and cook, tossing, until the fat is rendered and the pepperoni are crisp, 5 to 7 minutes. Remove to a paper towel-lined plate to soak up the extra fat. In a large bowl, mix together the cream cheese, Italian seasoning and scallions until well blended, then season with salt and pepper. Add Sunny's Cocoa-Cola BBQ Sauce and stir to incorporate. Fold in the chicken, pepperoni and both cheeses. Pour everything into a 7-by-11-inch casserole dish. Bake until the cheese is me <END>
INPUT: heavy cream, half half, vanilla bean, pepper, egg yolks
OUTPUT: TITLE: White Pepper Ice Cream | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups heavy cream; 2 cups half-and-half; 1/2 vanilla bean, split lengthwise; 3/4 teaspoon freshly ground white pepper; 9 egg yolks; 3/4 cup sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: In a saucepan over medium heat, combine the cream, half-and-half, and vanilla bean. Whisk in the white pepper and stir the mixture occasionally to make sure it does not scorch on the bottom. When the mixture reaches a simmer (do not let it boil), turn off the heat. Set aside to infuse for 10 to 15 minutes. In a medium bowl, whisk together the egg yolks and sugar. Whisking constantly, slowly pour the still-hot cream mixture into the egg yolk mixture. Return the mixture to the saucepan and cook over medium heat, stirring constantly with a wooden spoon. At 160 degrees F, the mixture will give off <END>
INPUT: torte, superfine sugar, bittersweet chocolate, blanched hazelnuts, all purpose flour
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate Torte with Calvados-Poached Figs | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup (2 sticks) unsalted butter, room temperature, plus more for pan; 1 cup superfine sugar, divided, plus more for pan; 8 ounces bittersweet chocolate, chopped; 1 1/2 cups blanched hazelnuts; 1/2 cup all-purpose flour; 2 tablespoons unsweetened cocoa powder; 1 teaspoon kosher salt; 6 large eggs, separated; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; 1/2 teaspoons cream of tartar; 2/3 cup Calvados (apple brandy); 2/3 cup granulated sugar; 2 cups dried black Mission figs or pitted prunes (about 8 ounces), halved if large | INSTRUCTIONS: For cake: Place a rack in middle of oven; preheat to 375°F. Butter a 9"-diameter springform pan or cake pan and line with a round of parchment. Butter parchment and sprinkle pan with superfine sugar. Melt chocolate in a heatproof bowl set over a saucepan of simmering water (bowl should not touch water), stirring, until smooth; let cool slightly. Pulse hazelnuts, flour, cocoa powder, salt, and 1/2 cup superfine sugar in a food processor until finely ground; sift through a medium-mesh sieve. Pulse any larger pieces again in food processor, if needed. Using an electric mixer on high speed, beat 1 <END>
INPUT: Indian, crusted, lamb, blanched hazelnuts, sesame seeds, coriander, cumin, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Hazelnut-Crusted Lamb Chops | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 cup blanched hazelnuts; 2 tablespoons sesame seeds; 1 teaspoon ground coriander; 3/4 teaspoon ground cumin; 3/4 teaspoon sugar; Kosher salt; 1 pound carrots, cut into chunks; 1/4 cup chopped fresh parsley; 1 small clove garlic, grated; 3 tablespoons red wine vinegar; 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; Large pinch of cayenne pepper; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2/3 cup plus 2 teaspoons extra- virgin olive oil; 1/2 cup crumbled feta cheese | INSTRUCTIONS: Make the crust: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Spread the hazelnuts on a baking sheet and bake until golden brown, tossing, 10 to 12 minutes. Transfer to a food processor. Toast the sesame seeds in a small skillet over medium heat until golden, tossing, about 5 minutes. Add to the processor along with the coriander, cumin, sugar and 1/2 teaspoon salt; pulse until the mixture looks like breadcrumbs. Transfer to a shallow bowl. Make the salad: Set a steamer basket over a saucepan filled with 1 inch of water; bring the water to a boil. Add the carrots, cover and steam until fork-tender, 8 to  <END>
INPUT: breakfast, salad, quinoa, wine vinegar, olive oil, Dijon mustard, Kosher salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Quinoa, Ham and Pepper Breakfast Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup white quinoa, rinsed well; 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar; 3 tablespoons olive oil; 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 small green bell pepper, cut into 1/2-inch dice; 1 small red bell pepper, cut into 1/2-inch dice; 1/2 small yellow onion, cut into 1/2-inch dice; A few dashes hot sauce, such as Tabasco, plus more for serving; 5 ounces baby spinach (about 8 cups); 4 ounces thinly sliced deli ham, cut into thin strips; 2 ounces aged white Cheddar, cut into small pieces; 2 scallions, green and white parts thinly sliced; 3 large eggs, beaten | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring a medium saucepan of water to a boil. Add the quinoa, and cook until tender, 10 to 12 minutes. Strain well, and cool completely. (The quinoa can be cooked a day ahead.) Put the vinegar, 1 tablespoon of the oil, mustard, 1 tablespoon water, 1/4 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of pepper in a jar or other container with a lid. Secure the lid, and shake until combined. (The vinaigrette can be made a day ahead; shake well before serving.) Heat 1 tablespoon of the oil in a large nonstick skillet over medium-high heat. Add the peppers and onions, and cook, stirring occasionally, until they are j <END>
INPUT: Indian, chicken, Zest from lime, vadouvan Madras curry, parsley leaves, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Curry Chicken | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: One 3-pound whole chicken, backbone removed; Zest from 1 lime; 3/4 cup vadouvan or Madras curry powder; 1/4 cup fresh parsley leaves, chopped; 2 tablespoons salt; 1 tablespoon cracked black pepper; Vegetable oil, for grilling | INSTRUCTIONS: Loosen the skin on the breast and legs. Rub the flesh of the chicken, under the skin, with the lime zest. Mix the curry powder, parsley, salt and pepper together and rub all over the chicken. Place in a resealable plastic bag. Let the chicken sit overnight in the fridge. Preheat the grill to medium. Brush the grill with vegetable oil. Place the chicken on the grill skin-side down and grill until the skin becomes golden brown, about 15 minutes. Flip the chicken over, close the cover and continue grilling until just cooked through, about 25 minutes. Remove from the grill, loosely tent with foil  <END>
INPUT: Mexican, sambal, vegetable oil, garlic, jalapeno, sugar, lime juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spicy Carrot Sambal | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons vegetable oil; 6 whole cloves garlic, peeled; 1 jalapeno, minced with seeds; 2 tablespoons sugar; 1 tablespoon freshly squeezed lime juice; 2 teaspoons fish sauce; 8 ounces carrots, peeled and grated; 1 scallion (white and green parts), thinly sliced; 3 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: Put the oil, garlic, and jalapeno in a small skillet over medium heat and cook, stirring, until the garlic is lightly browned and fragrant, about 5 minutes. Put the sugar in a bowl and stir in the garlic mixture; cool. Add the lime juice and fish sauce and stir to dissolve the sugar completely. Add the carrots, scallion, and cilantro and toss. Serve immediately or refrigerate in a tightly sealed container for up to 3 days. Copyright © 2003 Television Food Network, G.P., All Rights Reserved <END>
INPUT: American, citrus, lemon peel, orange peel, Perfect Pumpkin Pie, whipping cream, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Citrus Pumpkin Pie With Grand Marnier Cream | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 teaspoons grated lemon peel; 2 teaspoons grated orange peel; Perfect Pumpkin Pie; 1 cup chilled whipping cream; 1 tablespoon sugar; 1 tablespoon Grand Marnier; 3 tablespoons chopped candied orange peel; Garnish: 3 tablespoons chopped candied orange peel | INSTRUCTIONS: Mix lemon peel and orange peel into Perfect Pumpkin Pie filling. Bake and cool as directed. Beat chilled whipping cream, sugar, and Grand Marnier until peaks form. Spread over pie. Garnish with candied orange peel. Mix lemon peel and orange peel into Perfect Pumpkin Pie filling. Bake and cool as directed. Beat chilled whipping cream, sugar, and Grand Marnier until peaks form. Spread over pie. Garnish with candied orange peel. Do Ahead Can be made 1 day ahead. Cover and chill. Can be made 1 day ahead. Cover and chill. <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, muffins, wheat pastry flour, baking powder, pinches salt, granulated sugar, Meyer lemons
OUTPUT: TITLE: Meyer Lemon Olive Oil Rosemary Muffins with Candied Pansies | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 4 cups whole-wheat pastry flour; 3 teaspoons baking powder; 2 pinches salt; 2 cups granulated sugar; 2 Meyer lemons, zested and juiced; 1/2 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 6 eggs; Candied Pansies, recipe follows; 4 tablespoons finely chopped fresh rosemary leaves; Pansy petals; 1 egg white, beaten; 1 cup sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: 2 (12-cup) muffin tins with paper liners Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Mix the flour, baking powder, and salt in a large bowl and set aside. In the mixing bowl of a stand mixer, add the sugar and lemon zest and rub together to extract the oil from the zest. Put the bowl into the stand mixer and add the olive oil. Mix on high speed until a paste forms. Beat in the eggs, 1 at a time. Add 1/3 of the flour mixture and mix on low speed. Add some of the lemon juice and continue mixing. Repeat adding flour and lemon juice for each egg. Stir in the rosemary. Pour the batter int <END>
INPUT: okra, wine vinegar, olive oil, lamb stew meat, allspice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lamb Stew with Okra and Green Pepper | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound fresh okra, stems trimmed at top; 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar; 3 tablespoons olive oil; 1 1/2 pounds lamb stew meat, cut into 3/4-inch pieces; Ground allspice; 1 large onion, diced; 1 large green bell pepper, diced; 1 tablespoon tomato paste | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine okra and vinegar in medium bowl; toss to coat. Let stand 30 minutes. Meanwhile, heat olive oil in heavy Dutch oven over high heat. Season lamb with allspice, salt and pepper. Working in batches, add lamb to Dutch oven and brown, about 5 minutes per batch. Transfer lamb to bowl. Add onion and green pepper to same pot, reduce heat to medium and sauté until vegetables are tender, about 8 minutes. Mix in tomato paste. Return lamb and any collected juices to pot. Add enough water barely to cover lamb mixture and bring to boil. Reduce heat to medium-low, cover and simmer stew 30 minutes. Add <END>
INPUT: Mexican, roast, wild, center pork loin, cumin, butter, oyster mushrooms, shallots
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cumin Pork Roast with Wild Mushroom Sauce | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 3 1/2-pound center-cut pork loin; 4 teaspoons ground cumin; 3 tablespoons butter; 14 ounces oyster mushrooms, halved; 1/2 cup plus 1 tablespoon chopped shallots; 2 tablespoons finely chopped garlic; 1 tablespoon plus 1 teaspoon finely chopped jalapeño chili (with seeds); 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh cilantro; 2 tablespoons finely chopped oregano; 1 14 1/2-ounce can low-salt chicken broth; 2 tablespoons all purpose flour; 1/4 cup dry Sherry; Cilantro sprigs | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 375°F. Sprinkle pork with salt and pepper. Rub 3 teaspoons cumin over pork. Place roasting pan. Roast pork until meat thermometer inserted into center registers 150°F, about 50 minutes. Meanwhile, melt 2 tablespoons butter in large skillet over medium-high heat. Add mushrooms, 1/2 cup shallots, garlic and 1 tablespoon jalapeño; sauté until mushrooms are very tender and beginning to brown, about 15 minutes. Remove from heat. Add chopped cilantro, oregano and 1 teaspoon cumin. Season with salt and pepper. Set aside. Transfer pork to platter. Tent with foil. Add broth to roasting  <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, frittata, virgin olive oil, onion, hot Italian sausage, garlic, oregano
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sausage, Red Pepper and Feta Frittata | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 4 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1 cup chopped onion; 1 pound hot Italian sausage, casings removed; 1 tablespoon chopped garlic; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh oregano; 1 cup chopped roasted red peppers; 8 large eggs; 1/4 cup heavy whipping cream; 1 cup crumbled feta cheese; Pinch of smoked salt; Freshly ground black pepper; 1 bunch fresh chives, chopped; 1 lemon, zested and juiced; 1 cup sour cream; 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil | INSTRUCTIONS: For the frittata: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. In a large ovenproof saute pan over high heat, add the olive oil, onions, sausage, garlic and oregano, stirring frequently to break up the clumps. Add the roasted peppers and cook about 10 minutes. In a large bowl, whisk together the eggs, cream, feta cheese, smoked salt and pepper. Pour the mixture into the saute pan and bake until the eggs are set and golden brown and the frittata pulls away from the sides slightly, about 35 minutes. Remove the frittata from the oven and let cool about 10 minutes. For the sauce: In a small bowl, combine th <END>
INPUT: Mexican, Olive oil, celery, onion, garlic, beef
OUTPUT: TITLE: Bloody Mary Chili | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: Olive oil, for sauteing; 2 stalks celery, finely diced; 1 onion, finely diced; 2 cloves garlic, chopped; 3 pounds ground beef; 1 tablespoon chili powder; 1 teaspoon ground cumin; 1 teaspoon ground oregano; 15 ounces Bloody Mary mix, plus more if needed; 1/4 cup vodka, optional; 1 tablespoon Montreal steak seasoning; Several dashes Tabasco, or to taste; Several dashes Worcestershire sauce, or to taste; One 15-ounce can kidney beans, drained and rinsed; One 15-ounce can pinto beans, drained and rinsed | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. For serving: celery sticks, carrot sticks, ranch dressing and tortilla chips In a large pot over medium heat, add some olive oil and saute the celery and onions until soft. Add the garlic and stir, then add the ground beef. Cook until browned, 5 to 10 minutes; drain off the excess fat. Stir in the chili powder, cumin and oregano. In a pitcher, mix up the Bloody Mary mix, vodka if using, Montreal steak seasoning, Tabasco and Worcestershire and add it to the pot. Add the kidney and pinto beans, stir together well, cover and then reduce the heat to low. Simmer for 1 <END>
INPUT: American, crimson, orange, blueberries, cranberries, sugar, cornstarch
OUTPUT: TITLE: Crimson Pie | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 small orange (unpeeled), cut into pieces, seeded; 4 cups frozen blueberries (about 1 1/2 pounds), thawed; 12 ounces cranberries; 1 1/2 cups sugar, additional sugar for sprinkling; 3 tablespoons cornstarch; Pie crust dough, enough for a 9-inch double crust pie; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, cut into pieces; Milk (do not use nonfat) | INSTRUCTIONS: Coarsely grind orange in processor. Transfer to medium saucepan. Add blueberries, cranberries, sugar, and cornstarch. Stirring constantly, boil mixture over medium high heat until thick, about 3 minutes. Cool completely. Position the rack in center of oven and preheat to 400 degrees F. Place rolled piecrust dough in a 9-inch pie plate; press into place. Trim edges to leave 1/4-inch overhang; reserve trimmings. Spoon the berry filling into crust, mounding in center. Dot filling with butter. Roll the second pie crust out on lightly floured surface. Transfer to top of pie; trim edges and pinch ed <END>
INPUT: Italian, pesto, garlic, almonds, kosher salt, virgin olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Penne with Almond Pesto and Green Beans | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 garlic clove, coarsely chopped; 2 cups (packed) fresh basil leaves; 1/2 cup plus 2 tablespoons coarsely chopped toasted almonds, divided; 1 teaspoon kosher salt, plus more to taste; 3/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 1 pound penne; 8 ounces green beans (about 2 cups), trimmed, thinly sliced on a bias; 1/4 cup grated Parmesan | INSTRUCTIONS: Pulse garlic, basil, 1/2 cup almonds, and 1 tsp. salt in a food processor until combined. With the motor running, slowly add oil and pulse again until smooth. Transfer to a large bowl. Cook penne in a large pot of boiling salted water, stirring occasionally, and add green beans 30 seconds before pasta is al dente. Drain pasta and green beans, reserving 1 cup pasta cooking liquid, and add to pesto. Stir vigorously and add pasta cooking liquid as needed to fully coat. Season with salt. Transfer pasta mixture to a serving bowl or platter and top with Parmesan and remaining 2 Tbsp. almonds. Serve  <END>
INPUT: American, olive oil, onions, scallions, dill, nutmeg
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spinach Pie | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 to 3 tablespoons olive oil; 2 yellow onions, diced; 5 bunches scallions, chopped; 1 cup chopped fresh dill; 1 teaspoon ground nutmeg; 1 teaspoon black pepper; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 6 pounds spinach, chopped; 4 pounds feta cheese, crumbled; 7 large eggs; 2 pounds phyllo dough; 2 pounds butter, melted | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. To a large pot, add the olive oil and saute the onions until browned. Add the scallions, dill, nutmeg, black pepper and salt. Boil the chopped spinach until blanched and still bright green, stirring occasionally. Mix it together with the ingredients in the pot. Add the crumbled feta cheese and the eggs, making sure that the mixture is slightly cool so the eggs don't scramble. Mix well. Brush 1 pound of the phyllo dough with melted butter, piece by piece, layering in a large enough tray to fit the phyllo sheets. Then add the spinach mixture on top and, piece b <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, sandwiches, olive oil, Japanese eggplants, onions, garbanzo beans, cumin
OUTPUT: TITLE: Feta, Garbanzo Bean, and Eggplant Pita Sandwiches | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1 pound Japanese eggplants, unpeeled, cut into 3/4-inch cubes; 1 1/2 cups chopped onions; 1 15 1/2-ounce can garbanzo beans, drained, 1/2 cup juices reserved; 1 tablespoon ground cumin; 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice; 4 tablespoons chopped fresh mint, divided; 5 tablespoons crumbled feta cheese, divided; 3 pita bread rounds, warmed in oven or toasted | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat oil in large nonstick skillet over medium-high heat. Add eggplant cubes and onions; sauté until soft and beginning to brown, about 9 minutes. Stir in garbanzo beans, cumin, and lemon juice. Sauté until heated through and flavors blend, adding enough garbanzo bean liquid by tablespoonfuls to moisten if mixture is dry, about 4 minutes. Stir in 3 tablespoons mint and 3 tablespoons feta cheese. Season generously with salt and pepper. Cut pita breads crosswise in half. Spoon eggplant mixture into pita breads. Sprinkle filling with remaining mint and feta and serve. Heat oil in large nonstick s <END>
INPUT: Mexican, nuggets, tejano, beef round, taco seasoning mix, egg
OUTPUT: TITLE: Taco Beef Nuggets with Tejano Dipping Sauce | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound ground beef round; 2 tablespoons taco seasoning mix; 1 can (4 ounces) chopped mild green chiles, drained; 16 (1/2-inch) cubes Colby Jack cheese; 1 egg white; 1 tablespoon water; 2 cups crushed nacho cheese-flavored tortilla chips; 6 tablespoons prepared thick taco sauce; 3 tablespoons honey | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat oven to 400 degrees F. Combine ground beef, taco seasoning, and green chiles in a large bowl, mixing lightly but thoroughly. Divide beef mixture into 16 portions; shape each portion around a cheese cube, completely covering the cheese. Beat egg white with water in shallow dish until blended. Place chips in second shallow dish. Dip each meatball into egg white mixture, then into chips to coat completely. Press each meatball with palm into a flattened nugget shape, generously coating both sides of nugget with chips. Spray a large baking pan with nonstick cooking spray. Place nuggets in baki <END>
INPUT: salad, dressing, cored Bartlett pear, Riesling, lemon juice, shallot, Dijon mustard
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spinach, Pear and Green Bean Salad with Riesling Dressing | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup diced peeled cored ripe Bartlett pear; 6 tablespoons medium-dry Riesling; 3 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 1 tablespoon chopped shallot; 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard; 1/2 cup vegetable oil; 1/2 pound haricots verts or small green beans, trimmed; 6 cups (packed) baby spinach leaves (about 6 ounces); 3 ripe Bartlett pears, quartered, cored, cut into 1/4-inch-thick slices; 3/4 cup crumbled blue cheese; 3/4 cup walnuts, toasted | INSTRUCTIONS: Purée diced pear, Riesling, lemon juice, shallot and Dijon mustard in food processor until smooth. With machine still running, gradually add vegetable oil through feed tube and blend mixture until smooth. Transfer to bowl. Season dressing to taste with salt and pepper. Cook green beans in large pot of boiling salted water until just tender but still firm to bite. Drain well. Transfer beans to medium bowl filled with ice water and cool thoroughly. Drain well. (Dressing and beans can be prepared 1 day ahead. Cover separately and refrigerate.) Purée diced pear, Riesling, lemon juice, shallot and  <END>
INPUT: Asian, dipping, tamarind pulp, water, piece, garlic, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tamarind Dipping Sauce | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 5 ounces tamarind pulp; 2 cups plus 2 tablespoons cold water; 1 piece (1 inch) fresh ginger, peeled and grated; 3 cloves garlic, minced; 3 tablespoons sugar, or more to taste; 1 tablespoon chili-garlic sauce (sambal oelek); 2 teaspoons Thai fish sauce (nam pla); 1 teaspoon good-quality soy sauce, such as Kikkoman; 2 tablespoons cornstarch | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. Combine the tamarind and 2 cups of the water in a small saucepan and bring to a boil over high heat. Remove the pan from the heat and let stand until the tamarind has softened, about 15 minutes. Help it along by breaking up the pulp with a spoon. 2. Strain the tamarind through a sieve, pressing on the pulp to extract as much water as possible. Discard the pump and seeds and return the water to the pan. Add the ginger, garlic, 3 tablespoons sugar, the chili-garlic sauce, fish sauce, and soy sauce and bring to a boil over high heat. Reduce the heat and simmer for 5 minutes, stirring frequentl <END>
INPUT: salad, warm, Good olive oil, pure maple syrup, Kosher salt pepper, cranberries
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Butternut Squash Salad with Warm Cider Vinaigrette | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 (1 1/2-pound) butternut squash, peeled and 3/4-inch) diced; Good olive oil; 1 tablespoon pure maple syrup; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 3 tablespoons dried cranberries; 3/4 cup apple cider or apple juice; 2 tablespoons cider vinegar; 2 tablespoons minced shallots; 2 teaspoons Dijon mustard; 4 ounces baby arugula, washed and spun dry; 1/2 cup walnuts halves, toasted; 3/4 cup freshly grated Parmesan | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Place the butternut squash on a sheet pan. Add 2 tablespoons olive oil, the maple syrup, 1 teaspoon salt and 1/2 teaspoon pepper and toss. Roast the squash for 15 to 20 minutes, turning once, until tender. Add the cranberries to the pan for the last 5 minutes. While the squash is roasting, combine the apple cider, vinegar, and shallots in a small saucepan and bring to a boil over medium-high heat. Cook for 6 to 8 minutes, until the cider is reduced to about 1/4 cup. Off the heat, whisk in the mustard, 1/2 cup olive oil, 1 teaspo <END>
INPUT: mulled, cocktails, apple cider, cinnamon, knob ginger, nutmeg
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mulled Apple Cider Cocktails | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 quart apple cider; 3 cinnamon sticks; 1 knob fresh ginger, smashed; 3 whole cloves; Pinch of nutmeg; 1 firm red apple (such as Rome, Fuji or Gala), cut into small cubes; 1 firm green apple (such as Granny Smith), cut into small cubes; Juice of 2 lemons; 1/4 cup sugar; 1 750-ml bottle dry cava or other dry sparkling wine | INSTRUCTIONS: Stir the cider, cinnamon sticks, ginger, cloves and nutmeg together in a pot over medium heat. Bring to a boil, then reduce the heat to low and simmer until reduced by half, about 30 minutes. Set aside to cool, then strain. In a large bowl, toss the apples, lemon juice and sugar. Add to the cider and refrigerate until chilled. When ready to serve the cocktails, fill champagne flutes about halfway with the cider mixture and top with the cava. Stir and serve. Photograph by Kang Kim <END>
INPUT: Mexican, gelato, lime juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lemon-Lime Gelato | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup (60 ml) freshly squeezed lemon juice, and its zest; 1/4 cup freshly squeezed lime juice, and its zest; 1/2 cup (100g) sugar; 1/2 cup (125ml) heavy (double) cream | INSTRUCTIONS: In a saucepan, stir together a quarter cup (60ml) freshly squeezed lemon juice and its zest, a quarter cup freshly squeezed lime juice and its zest, and a half cup (100g) sugar. Simmer for a few minutes, until the sugar has dissolved. Taste and add more sugar if you'd like. Strain and let cool down in the fridge. Stir in half a cup (125ml) heavy (double) cream and pour the mixture into an ice cube tray. When it's frozen, spoon several cubes out into one big refreshing cup. In a saucepan, stir together a quarter cup (60ml) freshly squeezed lemon juice and its zest, a quarter cup freshly squeeze <END>
INPUT: gremolata, olive oil, cross veal shanks, All purpose flour, onion, carrot
OUTPUT: TITLE: Braised Veal Shanks with Gremolata | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons olive oil; 4 cross-cut veal shanks (about 1 pound each); All-purpose flour, for dredging; 2 1/2 cups sliced onion; 2 cups chopped carrot; 2 cups sliced celery; 1 tablespoon coriander seeds; Salt; 12 sprigs fresh thyme; 4 cloves garlic, peeled and smashed; 2 bay leaves; 2 sprigs fresh rosemary; 1 Fresno chile, quartered; 1/4 cup tomato paste; 1 cup dry red wine | INSTRUCTIONS: Coarse sea salt, for garnish, optional For the braised veal shanks: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Heat the olive oil in a large enameled cast-iron Dutch oven over medium-high heat. Dredge the shanks in the flour, making sure to get off any excess. Add the shanks to the pan, in batches if necessary, and cook on all sides until browned, 3 to 4 minutes each side. Transfer to a plate. If browning in batches, repeat with the remaining shanks. Add the onions, carrots, celery, coriander, 1 teaspoon salt, thyme, garlic, bay leaves, rosemary and chiles to the pan and cook over medium heat until so <END>
INPUT: kebabs, Dijon mustard, honey, mayonnaise, fully sun tomato, mini bell peppers
OUTPUT: TITLE: Honey-Mustard Chicken-Sausage Kebabs | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 tablespoons Dijon mustard; 2 tablespoons honey; 1 tablespoon mayonnaise; 4 fully cooked sun-dried-tomato chicken sausages, each cut into 6 pieces; 24 mini bell peppers; Olive oil; Special equipment: Metal skewers | INSTRUCTIONS: Prepare barbecue (medium-high heat). Whisk mustard, honey, and mayonnaise in small bowl to blend. Thread 3 sausage pieces alternatively with 3 peppers onto each of 8 skewers and place on baking sheet. Brush with milk; sprinkle with salt and pepper. Grill skewers until vegetables are lightly charred and crisp-tender and sausage is heated through, turning occasionally and brushing with mustard mixture during last 1 or 2 minutes, about 8 minutes total. Arrange skewers on platter. Brush with any remaining mustard mixture. Prepare barbecue (medium-high heat). Whisk mustard, honey, and mayonnaise in <END>
INPUT: butter, jalapeno pepper, onion, bell pepper, Kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Rice with Green Pepper and Jalapeno | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons butter; 1 jalapeno pepper, seeded and minced; 1/2 yellow onion, finely chopped; 1/2 green bell pepper, chopped; Kosher salt; 1 clove garlic, minced; 1 1/2 cups white rice, uncooked; 1/2 cup chicken stock; Zest and juice of 1 lime | INSTRUCTIONS: Melt the butter in a large sauce pan. Then add the jalapeno, onions and green peppers, sprinkle with salt and cook over medium heat until tender, about 5 minutes. Add the garlic and stir. Add the rice and cook over medium-high heat, stirring frequently, until the rice is golden, about 5 minutes. Turn the heat up to high and add 2 cups water and the stock. Bring to a boil, cover tightly, and reduce the heat to a simmer for 20 minutes. Remove from the heat and let rest, still covered, 3 minutes longer. Sprinkle with the lime zest and juice before serving. <END>
INPUT: gelatin, vanilla bean, heavy whipping cream, sugar, coconut milk
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tahitian Ice Cream | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 teaspoon gelatin; 1 vanilla bean, preferably Tahitian; 2 cups heavy whipping cream, chilled; 1/2 cup sugar; 1 cup coconut milk; 1/2 cup light rum; 1/2 cup toasted coconut, see Cook's Note | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Place 1/2 cup water in a small saucepan. Sprinkle the gelatin over the water and allow softening, about 2 minutes. Cut the vanilla bean in half lengthwise and scrape the seeds into the water mixture using a paring knife. Add the empty vanilla pods. Stir the water mixture over medium heat until the gelatin has dissolved. Set aside to cool slightly. Remove and discard the vanilla pods. Beat the cream until thick using an electric hand mixer in a medium bowl. Add the sugar and continue to beat until the cream holds soft peaks. Add the water mixture, coconut milk and <END>
INPUT: berry, clafouti, eggs, sugar, vanilla bean, flour, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Berry Clafouti with Creme Fraiche | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 eggs; 1/3 cup sugar; 1/2 vanilla bean, split and scraped; 3 tablespoons flour; Pinch salt; 2/3 cups creme fraiche; 1/3 cup milk; 1 pint mixed berries: strawberries, blueberries, raspberries, blackberries; 1 tablespoon confectioners' sugar, plus extra for dusting | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 375 degrees. Whisk together the eggs and sugar until frothy. Add vanilla specks, flour, and salt. Mix until incorporated. Fold in the milk and 1/2 the creme fraiche. Spray a 10-inch teflon pan with vegetable spray. Pour 1/3 of the batter into the pan. Bake in the oven for 3 minutes, just until the batter sets. Remove pan from oven and spread the mixed berries on as the next layer. Pour remaining batter over the berries. Return the pan to the oven and continue baking for 12 to 16 minutes, or until the edges start to brown and the middle rises. Take out and let cool for 20 minute <END>
INPUT: kosher salt, water, wine vinegar, pepper flakes, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Blackberry Jalapeno Glazed Pork Tenderloin | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup kosher salt, plus 1 teaspoon; 3 cups water, warm; 1/4 cup red wine vinegar; 1/4 teaspoon red pepper flakes; 2 tablespoons brown sugar; 1 cup ice cubes; 2 pounds pork tenderloin, silver skin removed; Blackberry Jalapeno Glaze, recipe follows; 1 tablespoon olive oil; 1 teaspoon freshly cracked black pepper; 1 tablespoon unsalted butter; 1 to 2 roasted jalapenos, seeded, minced; 1 tablespoon chopped garlic; 1/2 cup seedless blackberry preserves; 1 1/4 cups wine, preferably Merlot, divided | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. In a gallon-sized resealable plastic bag, dissolve 1/4 cup of salt in the warm water. Add the vinegar, red pepper flakes, brown sugar, ice cubes and the pork. Brine for exactly 20 minutes. The pork becomes mealy if its brined longer. Meanwhile, prepare the Blackberry Jalapeno Glaze. Remove the pork from the brine and pat dry. Rub the pork with the olive oil and season with 1 teaspoon salt and freshly cracked black pepper. Preheat a grill or grill pan to medium heat. Add the pork tenderloin and cook for 6 minutes on each side, browning evenly and the internal temp <END>
INPUT: coffee, active yeast, water, milk, unsalted butter, egg
OUTPUT: TITLE: Coffee and Doughnuts | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 package active dried yeast; 2 tablespoons warm water; 3/4 cup whole milk; 3 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1 large egg; 1/4 cup granulated sugar; 2 3/4 cups all-purpose flour, plus 1/4 cup for dusting; 1 teaspoon finely ground sea salt, preferably gray salt; 3/4 teaspoon freshly ground nutmeg; Peanut oil, for frying the doughnuts; 1 cup confectioners' sugar; 3 tablespoons finely ground good-quality espresso, optional | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine the yeast and water in a medium bowl. Microwave the milk and butter on a low setting until the milk is warm and butter is just melted, about 45 seconds to 1 minute. Be sure not to overheat the mixture. In a separate bowl whisk together the egg and sugar until the sugar is dissolved. Add the warm butter and milk to the egg mixture. Whisk to combine then pour it into the yeast. In another bowl, mix together the flour, salt and nutmeg. With a wooden spoon, add the flour mixture to the wet ingredients. Mix until all the ingredients are smooth and well combined into soft dough 1 to 2 minute <END>
INPUT: Italian, alfredo, spaghetti squash, unsalted butter, heavy cream, garlic, Parmesan
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spaghetti Squash Alfredo | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 medium spaghetti squash; 4 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1 cup heavy cream; 1 clove garlic, crushed; 1 1/2 cups freshly grated Parmesan; 1/4 cup chopped fresh parsley leaves; Fresh basil leaves; Grape or cherry tomatoes, sliced in 1/2 | INSTRUCTIONS: Slice spaghetti squash in half lengthwise. Scoop out the seeds with a spoon and clean as you would a pumpkin. Completely submerge 1 half at a time, in a large pot of boiling water and cook for about 20 minutes until the inside is just tender to a fork and pulls apart in strands. (Cook's Note: It is better to undercook if you're not sure.) Remove, drain and cool with cold water or ice bath to stop the cooking. Scoop out the cooked squash from its skin with a spoon as you would an avocado and discard the skin. Use a fork to fluff and separate the squash into "spaghetti"- like strands. You can al <END>
INPUT: charleston, grits, unsalted butter, tasso ham, onion, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Charleston Shrimp and Grits with Tasso Blue Crab Gravy | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 tablespoons unsalted butter; 8 ounces tasso ham, finely diced; 1 cup finely diced white onion; 1 red pepper, finely diced; 1 green pepper, finely diced; 1 yellow pepper, finely diced; 1 tablespoon spicy blackening Cajun seasoning; 1 tablespoon kosher salt; 1/4 cup light brown sugar; 2 teaspoons onion powder; 1 tablespoon finely minced garlic; 1 1/2 cups all-purpose flour; 8 cups fish stock or vegetable or chicken stock, divided; 4 ounces lump blue crab; 4 pounds shrimp, peeled and deveined | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat a large bottom pot to medium-high heat. Add butter to pot and let melt. Add ham, white onion, peppers, Cajun seasoning, salt, brown sugar, onion powder, and minced garlic. Stir in flour and continue to cook while stirring until you achieve a dark brown color, a brown roux. Slowly whisk in 6 cups of fish stock, add slowly to help avoid lumps. Bring to a boil and use remaining 2 cups of stock to adjust for consistency. Remove from heat and add the crabmeat. Set aside for use. In a saute pan, over medium-high heat, saute shrimp and sausage. Place shrimp and sausage over grits, if using, a <END>
INPUT: Mexican, ancho chilies, cashews, chicken broth, chicken legs chicken, olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken Cashew Chili | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2 dried ancho chilies; 1/4 cup cashews, raw or roasted; 1 cup chicken broth; 2 whole chicken legs plus 1/2 chicken breast (about 1 1/2 pounds total); 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1 large onion, chopped coarse; 3 garlic cloves, chopped fine; 1 tablespoon ground cumin; 1 teaspoon chili powder; 1 teaspoon salt; 3 tablespoons chopped fresh coriander sprigs (wash and dry before chopping); a 14 1/2-ounce can diced tomatoes with juice; 1/2 cup cashews, raw or roasted; 1/2 ounce fine-quality bittersweet chocolate (not unsweetened) or semisweet chocolate; 1 cup canned kidney beans, rinsed and drained | INSTRUCTIONS: Make chili purée: Heat a small heavy skillet over moderate heat until hot and toast chilies, 1 at a time, pressing down with tongs, a few seconds on each side to make more pliable. Wearing rubber gloves, seed and devein chilies. In a blender purée chilies with cashews and broth until smooth. Heat a small heavy skillet over moderate heat until hot and toast chilies, 1 at a time, pressing down with tongs, a few seconds on each side to make more pliable. Wearing rubber gloves, seed and devein chilies. In a blender purée chilies with cashews and broth until smooth. Cut legs into drumsticks and thi <END>
INPUT: fruit, unsalted butter, honey, lavender, pineapple, slightly under bananas
OUTPUT: TITLE: Honey and Lavender Glazed Fruit | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2-cup unsalted butter, melted; 1/2-cup honey; 1 small bunch lavender; 1 large ripe pineapple, peeled, quartered, cored and cut into half-inch-thick wedges; 3 slightly under-ripe bananas, peeled and sliced in half lengthwise; 3 ripe but firm peaches, peeled, halved, pitted; 1 pint vanilla ice cream, optional | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine butter, honey and lavender in a small saucepan and heat, whisking occasionally, until butter is melted and mixture is just coming to a simmer. Remove from heat and let sit in pan for 30 minutes. Remove lavender and discard. Pour syrup through a fine strainer and into a bowl or measuring cup to remove any stray lavender leaves. Preheat gas grill to medium and lightly oil grate. Place all fruits on a rimmed baking sheet and brush with honey glaze. Grill until fruit is heated through, slightly tender and caramelized - about four minutes total for bananas, six for pineapple and peaches. As <END>
INPUT: layer, cake, all purpose flour, baking powder, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Banana Layer Cake with Caramel Cream and Pecans | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 1/2 cups all purpose flour; 1 tablespoon baking powder; 1/2 teaspoon (generous) fine sea salt; 3/4 cup (1 1/2 sticks) unsalted butter, room temperature; 2 1/2 cups sugar, divided; 6 large eggs; 1 cup plus 2 tablespoons buttermilk; 2 small ripe bananas, peeled, cut into 1/4-inch cubes (about 1 1/2 cups); 1 1/2 cups (packed) golden brown sugar; 1 small ripe banana, peeled, cut into 1-inch pieces; 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, room temperature; 3 3/4 cups chilled heavy whipping cream, divided; 4 1/2 teaspoons fresh lime juice, divided; 4 1/2 teaspoons dark rum, divided; Sea Salt-Roasted Pecans | INSTRUCTIONS: For cake: Preheat oven to 350°F. Butter and flour two 9-inch-diameter cake pans with 1 1/2-inch-high sides. Sift flour, baking powder, and sea salt into medium bowl. Beat butter and 1 cup sugar in large bowl until well blended. Add 2 eggs; beat until blended. Add dry ingredients to butter mixture in 4 additions alternately with buttermilk in 3 additions. Beat remaining 4 eggs and remaining 1 1/2 cups sugar in medium bowl until mixture is thick and pale in color, about 4 minutes. Fold egg mixture into batter. Fold in bananas. Divide batter between prepared pans (about 3 1/2 cups for each). Bake <END>
INPUT: Mexican, quesadillas, onions, cider vinegar, garlic, peppercorns, coriander seeds
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pickled Onion and Monterey Jack Quesadillas | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2 small red onions, sliced thin; 2/3 cup cider vinegar; 4 garlic cloves, halved; 1/2 teaspoon whole black peppercorns, crushed; 1/2 teaspoon coriander seeds, crushed; 1/2 teaspoon cumin seed, crushed; 1/2 teaspoon salt; Eight 7-inch flour tortillas; 2 cups grated Monterey Jack; 1/4 cup minced fresh coriander plus sprigs for garnish; 2 scallions, minced; Dried hot red pepper flakes to taste | INSTRUCTIONS: In a saucepan boil the onions in just enough salted water to cover for 1 minute, drain them, discarding the water, and return them to the pan with the vinegar, the garlic, the peppercorns, the coriander seeds, the cumin seed, and the salt. Add just enough water to cover the onions and boil the mixture for 3 minutes. Transfer the onion mixture to a glass bowl and let it stand for at least 3 hours and up to 24 hours. In a dry 8-inch skillet arrange 1 of the tortillas, sprinkle it with 1/2 cup of the Monterey Jack, 1/4 cup of the pickled onions, 1 tablespoon of the minced coriander, one fourth of <END>
INPUT: sangria, Pinot Grigio, rum, lemon lime soda, lime, lemon
OUTPUT: TITLE: White Sangria | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 bottle Pinot Grigio, or other dry fruity white wine; 1/4 cup white rum; 24 ounces lemon lime soda; 1 lime, thinly sliced into disks about 1/4 of an inch thick; 1 lemon, thinly sliced into disks about 1/4 of an inch thick; 1 pint fresh cherries (Bing are best); 1 pint fresh strawberries if small left whole if large cut into quarters | INSTRUCTIONS: Fill a large pitcher half way with some ice. Add the lemon and lime slices, white wine, rum and lemon lime soda. Stir and then pour into a glass and garnish with strawberries and fresh cherries. <END>
INPUT: ingredient, orecchiette other short, Kosher salt, olive oil, sweet Italian sausage, fennel bulb
OUTPUT: TITLE: 3-Ingredient Orecchiette With Sausage and Fennel | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 12 ounces orecchiette or other short pasta; Kosher salt; 1 tablespoon olive oil; 12 ounces sweet Italian sausage, casings removed; 1 fennel bulb (about 12 ounces), cored, thinly sliced, fronds chopped and reserved; Freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook pasta in a large pot of boiling salted water until al dente. Drain pasta, reserving 1 cup pasta cooking liquid. Meanwhile, heat oil in a large skillet over medium-high. Cook sausage, breaking up with a wooden spoon, until cooked through and browned and crispy in spots, 6–8 minutes. Using a slotted spoon, transfer to a plate. Add sliced fennel to skillet; season with salt and pepper. Cook, stirring occasionally, until fennel begins to soften, about 5 minutes. Continue to cook, adding 1/4 cup water to skillet as bottom begins to brown (you may need to do this a few times), until soft and ca <END>
INPUT: Italian, pizza dough, ricotta cheese, mozzarella, prosciutto, arugula
OUTPUT: TITLE: Prosciutto and Arugula Pizza | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 8 ounces prepared pizza dough, formed into a circle; 1/4 cup ricotta cheese; 1/4 cup shredded mozzarella; 8 slices prosciutto; 1/2 cup arugula; Olive oil, for drizzling | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat a grill to medium-high heat. Place the pizza dough on the grill. Let cook for 1 minute, and then flip with tongs. Move to a cooler spot on the grill (about medium heat) until the dough begins to pull away from the grill, about 1 minute. Remove the dough from the grill. Spread the dough with the ricotta and scatter with mozzarella. Return to the grill, cover and cook until the cheese melts, about 3 minutes. Top with the prosciutto and arugula and drizzle with olive oil. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, refried, links smoked Mexican, virgin olive oil, onion, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chorizo Refried Beans | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 4 links smoked Mexican chorizo; 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 1/4 white onion, finely diced; 2 cloves garlic, peeled and chopped; 2 (15.5 ounce) cans red kidney beans; 1 to 2 cups low-sodium chicken stock; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Finely chop the chorizo into small dice. In a heavy-bottomed pot add olive oil and chorizo. Put the pot over low heat and slowly bring the heat up to medium. Fry the chorizo for a few minutes to infuse the olive oil. Using a slotted spoon remove about 1/4 cup of chorizo, for garnish, and set aside. To the remaining chorizo in the pot add the onion and garlic and fry until both are cooked, about 2 minutes. Add the beans with their liquid and stock and simmer to allow the flavors to come together about 10 minutes. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Use a potato <END>
INPUT: gingersnap, sandwiches, granulated sugar additional, firmly light sugar, unsulfured molasses, egg
OUTPUT: TITLE: Gingersnap and Lemon Ice Cream Sandwiches | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 stick (1/2 cup) unsalted butter, softened; 1/2 cup granulated sugar plus additional for coating the cookies; 1/2 cup firmly packed light brown sugar; 1/3 cup unsulfured molasses; 1 large egg; 2 cups all-purpose flour; 2 1/2 teaspoons ground ginger; 1/2 teaspoon cinnamon; 1/4 teaspoon ground allspice; 1 teaspoon baking soda; 3/4 teaspoon salt; Lemon Ice Cream; 1 cup shelled natural pistachio nuts, the loose skins rubbed off in a kitchen towel and the nuts chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: Make the gingersnaps: Preheat the oven to 350°F. In a bowl with an electric mixer cream together the butter, 1/2 cup of the granulated sugar, and the brown sugar until the mixture is light and fluffy, add the molasses, and beat the mixture until it is smooth. In another bowl whisk together the flour, the ginger, the cinnamon, the allspice, the baking soda, and the salt, add the flour mixture to the butter mixture, and stir the mixture until it forms a soft dough. Form the dough into 24 balls (each about 1 1/2 inches in diameter), roll the balls in the additional granulated sugar, coating them, <END>
INPUT: Mexican, quesadillas, Monterey Jack cheese, corn, mayonnaise, scallions, cilantro
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Monterey Jack and Corn Quesadillas | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 4 ounces Monterey Jack cheese, coarsely grated (about 1 1/2 cups); 1 cup frozen corn, thawed; 2 tablespoons mayonnaise; 2 scallions, thinly sliced crosswise; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro; 1 tablespoon chopped canned chipotle chiles in adobo; 4 (8-inch) flour tortillas; 1 tablespoon vegetable oil; Special equipment: a well-seasoned ridged grill pan | INSTRUCTIONS: Stir together cheese, corn, mayonnaise, scallions, cilantro, and chiles in a small bowl. Lightly brush 1 tortilla with some of oil. Turn tortilla over and spread 1/2 cup filling over half, then fold other half over to form a half-moon. Assemble 3 more quesadillas in same manner. Heat lightly oiled grill pan over moderate heat until hot, then cook quesadillas, 2 at a time, turning over once, until cheese is melted, about 4 minutes total per batch. Transfer to a cutting board and cut in half. Stir together cheese, corn, mayonnaise, scallions, cilantro, and chiles in a small bowl. Lightly brush 1 <END>
INPUT: chicken, shortening, buttermilk, salt, paprika
OUTPUT: TITLE: Honey Chicken | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 chicken, 3 1/2 pounds; 3 cups shortening; 1 cup buttermilk; 1 teaspoon salt; 1 teaspoon paprika; 3 teaspoons black pepper; 1 cup flour; 3 cups honey, heated to 120 degrees | INSTRUCTIONS: Cut chicken into serving pieces: breast into halves, legs, thighs, and wings separated for a total of 8 pieces. Clean thoroughly. Heat shortening in a heavy duty skillet pan to 360 degrees. Dip chicken pieces in buttermilk. Sprinkle with salt, paprika, and black pepper. Place flour into a heavy plastic bag, put chicken pieces into the bag and shake vigorously until well coated. Dust off excess flour. Place pieces into skillet, and fry both sides until golden brown and the juices run clear when pierced with a fork. Do not over-crowd the skillet. Approximate cooking time, 25 minutes. Take chicke <END>
INPUT: slow, cooker, lime juice, Maggi sauce soy, garlic, serrano chile, Salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Slow-Cooker Braised Brisket (Machaca) | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup fresh lime juice; 2 tablespoons Maggi sauce or 1 tablespoon soy sauce plus 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce; 3 cloves garlic, minced; 1 serrano chile, stemmed, seeded, and minced; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1/2 cup olive oil; One 3- to 4-pound beef brisket, trimmed and cut into 3 large pieces; 3 tablespoons vegetable or olive oil; 1 1/2 cups diced onion (about 1 large); 1 cup beef broth; 1 cup diced red bell pepper (about 1 large); 1/2 teaspoon dried oregano; 3 cloves garlic, minced; 2 serrano chiles, stemmed, seeded and minced; One 28-ounce can diced tomatoes with their juice | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. For the marinade: Combine the Maggi sauce, lime juice, 2 tablespoons water, garlic and serranos in a medium-size bowl, season with salt and pepper. While whisking constantly, slowly add the olive oil, Put the brisket pieces into a large food-safe plastic bag and pour the marinade over it, turning the meat to coat. Seal and refrigerate for at least 8 hours or preferably overnight. Allow the meat to come to room temperature. Drain the meat and discard the marinade. For the brisket: Pour the oil into the bottom of a slow cooker. Add the onions, broth, peppers, orega <END>
INPUT: mojito, good quality grade, mint, limes, lychees, ice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lychee Mojito | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 tablespoons good-quality grade A maple syrup; 1 bunch fresh mint; 2 limes, cut into eighths; 8 lychees, canned; Crushed ice; 4 tablespoons lychee liqueur; 8 tablespoons Cuban gold rum; Club soda | INSTRUCTIONS: Into 4 tall Collins glasses, add 1 tablespoon maple syrup, about 10 mint leaves, 3 to 4 lime wedges and 2 lychees. Just before your guests arrive, muddle together to bring out the flavors. When your guests arrive, fill each glass with crushed ice, 1 tablespoon lychee liqueur and 2 tablespoons rum. Then fill the glasses the rest of the way with club soda, garnish with a sprig of mint and serve. <END>
INPUT: smoothie, mangoes, Greek yogurt, mango nectar, rum, ice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mango-Yogurt-White Rum Smoothie | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 ripe mangoes, peeled, pitted and chopped; 2 cups Greek yogurt; 1/2 cup mango nectar; 1/2 cup white rum; Crushed ice; 2 to 4 tablespoons simple syrup, depending on sweetness of mangoes | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Combine mango, yogurt, nectar, rum and a few cups of crushed ice in a blender and blend until smooth and frothy. Sweeten with simple syrup, if needed. Divide among 4 glasses and serve. <END>
INPUT: striped, filet bass, sea salt, pepper, vegetable canola oil, unsalted butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Striped Bass and Preserved Lemon Dressing with Grilled Carrots | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 8 ounce filet of bass; 1/2 teaspoon sea salt; 1/4 teaspoon black pepper; 1/4 cup vegetable or canola oil; 1 tablespoon unsalted butter; 2 to 3 cloves of garlic, chopped; 1 shallot, chopped; Branch fresh rosemary; Sprig fresh thyme; Preserved Lemon Dressing, for serving, recipe follows; Grilled Carrots, for serving, recipe follows; Fresh dill for garnish; 1 preserved lemon, store-bought or homemade, cut in quarters (see note); 1 pint of mayonnaise; 1/2 cup rice wine vinegar | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the oven to 450 degrees. Season the skin side of the filet with the salt and pepper. Heat the oil in an oven-proof saute pan to medium high. When the oil is hot, add the fish, skin side down, and saute for one minute until a slight crust forms and the filet isn't sticking to the pan. Place the saute pan in the hot oven for 6 to 8 minutes until the flesh is firm and cooked through. Remove the saute pan from the oven and place it on the stove over medium-high heat. Add the butter, garlic, shallot, rosemary and thyme and baste the fish with the sauce. Remove <END>
INPUT: Italian, chocolate, fettuccine, cake flour, all purpose flour, unsweetened cocoa powder, kosher salt, egg yolks
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate Fettuccine with Peas and Pancetta | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups cake flour; 3/4 cup all-purpose flour, plus more for dusting; 1/4 cup unsweetened cocoa powder, plus more for dusting; 1/8 teaspoon kosher salt; 4 large egg yolks, at room temperature; 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 1/2 cup (4 ounces) mascarpone, at room temperature; 1/4 cup freshly grated Parmesan; 1/2 teaspoon pure vanilla extract; Salt; 1 teaspoon vegetable oil; 8 ounces pancetta, finely diced; 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature; 2 tablespoons fresh sage leaves (about 10 leaves); 1/2 cup frozen petite peas, thawed | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. For the chocolate pasta dough: Place the cake flour, all-purpose flour, cocoa powder, salt and egg yolks in a food processor. Pulse to combine. With the machine running, gradually add the oil, and then 1/3 to 1/2 cup water until the mixture forms a dough (the dough should stick together if pinched between your fingers). If necessary, add additional water, 1 teaspoon at a time, if the dough is too dry. Place the dough on a lightly floured surface. Gather the dough into a ball and knead until smooth, about 5 minutes. Cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate for 30 m <END>
INPUT: Also great mixed, garlic, olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Garlic | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Note: Also great mixed into mashed potatoes; large heads of garlic; 1/4 cup olive oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350°F. Cut top 1/4 inch off heads of garlic to expose cloves. Place garlic in small baking dish. Add oil and sprinkle with salt and pepper; toss to coat. Turn garlic cut side up. Cover tightly with aluminum foil. Bake until garlic skins are golden brown and cloves are tender, about 55 minutes. Cool. Squeeze garlic cloves from skins. Preheat oven to 350°F. Cut top 1/4 inch off heads of garlic to expose cloves. Place garlic in small baking dish. Add oil and sprinkle with salt and pepper; toss to coat. Turn garlic cut side up. Cover tightly with aluminum foil. Bake until garlic sk <END>
INPUT: American, steak, avocado, tahini, garlic, lemon juice, virgin olive oil, fine sea salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Marinated Tempeh Steak with Avocado, Radicchio, Orange Dressing, and Tahini | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup tahini (Middle Eastern sesame paste), well-stirred; 1 clove garlic, germ removed and clove crushed with back of knife; 2 teaspoons fresh lemon juice (from 1 small lemon); 1/2 teaspoon extra-virgin olive oil; 1 teaspoon fine sea salt; 3/4 teaspoon ground white pepper; 4 (4-ounce) pieces soy tempeh; 1 cup freshly squeezed orange juice (from 2 medium oranges); 3 tablespoons plus 1 1/2 teaspoons white wine vinegar; 1/2 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 2 drops orange oil*; 1 teaspoon fine sea salt; 1/2 teaspoon ground white pepper; Olive oil (for brushing); 2 heads radicchio, cut into eighths through core, with some core still attached to each piece | INSTRUCTIONS: Make tahini sauce: In blender on high, blend tahini and garlic until smooth, about 30 seconds. With motor running, add 1/2 cup water, lemon juice, olive oil, salt, and pepper and blend until incorporated, about 30 seconds. (Tahini sauce can be prepared ahead and refrigerated, in airtight container, up to 2 days. If sauce is too thick after storage, whisk in several drops of water to thin.) In blender on high, blend tahini and garlic until smooth, about 30 seconds. With motor running, add 1/2 cup water, lemon juice, olive oil, salt, and pepper and blend until incorporated, about 30 seconds. (Ta <END>
INPUT: coffee, granulated sugar, eggs at, pure vanilla extract, sour cream
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sour Cream Coffee Cake | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 12 tablespoons (1 1/2 sticks) unsalted butter at room temperature; 1 1/2 cups granulated sugar; 3 extra-large eggs at room temperature; 1 1/2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract; 1 1/4 cups sour cream; 2 1/2 cups cake flour (not self-rising); 2 teaspoons baking powder; 1/2 teaspoon baking soda; 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt; 1/4 cup light brown sugar, packed; 1/2 cup all-purpose flour; 1 1/2 teaspoons ground cinnamon; 1/4 teaspoon kosher salt; 3 tablespoons cold unsalted butter, cut into pieces; 3/4 cup chopped walnuts, optional | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Grease and flour a 10-inch tube pan. Cream the butter and sugar in the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment for 4 to 5 minutes, until light. Add the eggs 1 at a time, then add the vanilla and sour cream. In a separate bowl, sift together the flour, baking powder, baking soda, and salt. With the mixer on low, add the flour mixture to the batter until just combined. Finish stirring with a spatula to be sure the batter is completely mixed. For the streusel, place the brown sugar, flour, cinnamon, salt, and bu <END>
INPUT: Mexican, salsa, lime lemon zest, lime lemon juice, Salt pepper flakes, navel oranges
OUTPUT: TITLE: Marinated Chicken with Salsa | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 4 (about 1 1/2 pounds) skinless, boneless chicken breast halves; 1 teaspoon grated lime or lemon zest; 2 tablespoons fresh lime or lemon juice; Salt and dried red pepper flakes; 4 navel oranges, scrubbed clean; 1/2 cup fine dice of seeded red bell pepper; 1/4 cup snipped chives; 2 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil; 1 to 2 tablespoons lime juice | INSTRUCTIONS: Remove all fat from the chicken breast halves and pound them slightly. In a mixing bowl combine the lime zest and juice and season with 1/2 teaspoon salt and 1/4 teaspoon dried red pepper flakes. Coat the chicken with this mixture, and transfer it to a zippered plastic bags. Press out all the air and refrigerate until ready to grill. Make the salsa. Over a mixing bowl, grate 1 teaspoon of the orange zest. Peel away the skin and white pith from the oranges. Over the bowl with the zest, cut between the membranes of the oranges to release their sections, and combine them with the zest. Squeeze re <END>
INPUT: Italian, Vegetable oil, olive oil, mushrooms, onion, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fettuccine with Shrimp | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: Vegetable oil cooking spray; 1 tablespoon olive oil; 1 cup sliced mushrooms; 1 medium onion, chopped; 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped; 1/4 cup dry white wine; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh basil; 1 teaspoon instant chicken bouillon, crumbled; 1 teaspoon cornstarch; 1 teaspoon chopped fresh oregano (or 1/2 teaspoon dried oregano); 2 medium tomatoes, seeded and chopped; 1 pound large shrimp, shelled and deveined; 1/4 cup fresh flat-leaf parsley, chopped; 1/4 cup grated reduced-fat Parmesan; 8 ounces whole grain fettuccine, cooked | INSTRUCTIONS: Coat a large skillet with cooking spray. Heat oil over medium-high heat. Add mushrooms, onion and garlic, stirring, until onion is tender, 2 to 3 minutes. Combine 1/4 cup water with wine, basil, bouillon, cornstarch and oregano in a bowl. Add tomatoes and shrimp to skillet. Cook until shrimp begins to turn pink, 1 to 2 minutes. Reduce heat to low. Stir in wine mixture. Cover; simmer until shrimp is cooked through, 2 to 3 minutes more. Stir in parsley, cheese and pasta. Divide among 4 plates; serve immediately. Coat a large skillet with cooking spray. Heat oil over medium-high heat. Add mushroo <END>
INPUT: Italian, salad, shrimp, pasta shells, cucumber, tomato, olives
OUTPUT: TITLE: Shrimp Pasta Salad | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 8 ounces small cooked shrimp; 4 ounces small pasta shells, freshly cooked; 1/2 cup chopped seeded peeled cucumber; 1/2 cup chopped seeded tomato; 1/4 cup chopped black olives; 1/4 cup chopped red onion; 1/4 cup chopped fresh dill or 1 tablespoon dried dillweed; 2/3 cup regular or reduced-calories mayonnaise; 1 tablespoon white wine vinegar | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine shrimp, pasta, cucumber, tomato, olives, onion and dill in medium bowl. Whisk mayonnaise and vinegar to blend in small bowl. Add dressing to salad and toss to coat. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Cover and refrigerate at least 1 hour an up to 2 hours. Combine shrimp, pasta, cucumber, tomato, olives, onion and dill in medium bowl. Whisk mayonnaise and vinegar to blend in small bowl. Add dressing to salad and toss to coat. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Cover and refrigerate at least 1 hour an up to 2 hours. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, skewers, tequila, lime juice, cilantro leaves, onion, Salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tequila Lime Shrimp Skewers | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup tequila; 1/2 cup freshly squeezed lime juice; 1-ounce freshly chopped cilantro leaves; 1/2 fresh red onion, chopped; Salt and pepper; 12 medium raw shrimp | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine all marinade ingredients and marinate the shrimp for 30 minutes. Place them on skewers and grill for 3 minutes on each side. <END>
INPUT: American, tarte, flambe, creme fraiche, chives, parsley, tarragon, Kosher salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tarte Flambe with Herbed Creme Fraiche, Aged Cheddar, Caramelized Vidalia, Double Smoked Bacon, Soft | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup creme fraiche; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh chives, plus more to garnish; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley, plus more to garnish; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh tarragon, plus more to garnish; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 pound pizza dough; Cornmeal, for sprinkling; Olive oil; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 2 tablespoons canola oil; 1 large Vidalia onion, halved and thinly sliced; Pinch sugar; 8 ounces double-smoked bacon, cut into thin strips; 1 cup grated sharp white American Cheddar; 1 Fresno chile, thinly sliced into rounds | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: Pizza peel, pizza stone In a small bowl, whisk together the creme fraiche, chives, parsley and tarragon, seasoning with salt and pepper. Cover and refrigerate for 30 minutes to allow flavors to meld. Preheat oven to 500 degrees F. Put a rack as close to the bottom as possible, and put a pizza stone on the rack. On a lightly floured surface, roll the dough into a very thin round. Sprinkle some corn meal onto the pizza peel. Transfer the dough to the pizza peel. Drizzle some olive oil over the dough, and season with salt and pepper. Slide the pizza onto the pizza stone and bak <END>
INPUT: shortcakes, unbleached, sugar, baking powder, salt, unsalted butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: All About Shortcakes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups unbleached, all-purpose flour; 1/3 cup sugar; 1 tablespoon baking powder; 1 teaspoon salt; 1 stick unsalted butter; 1 large egg; 1/2 cup heavy whipping cream; Sugar for sprinkling the biscuit(s); One recipe Fruit Filling, below; 1 1/2 cups heavy whipping cream, ice cold; 3 tablespoons sugar; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 400 degrees and set a rack in the middle level. For a large shortcake, butter an 8-inch round pan and line the bottom with a disk of parchment or wax paper, cut to fit. For individual shortcakes, line a cookie sheet with parchment or foil. For the dough, combine dry ingredients in a mixing bowl and stir well to mix. Add butter and rub in finely with fingertips, until mixture resembles coarse meal. Beat together egg and cream and stir into flour and butter mixture to make a soft dough. For large shortcake, spread the dough evenly in the prepared pan. For individual shortcakes, p <END>
INPUT: French, shallot, tarragon leaves, wine vinegar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Baby Lamb Chops with Artichoke and Tarragon Dip | CUISINE: French | INGREDIENTS: 1 (15-ounce) can quartered artichoke hearts in water, drained; 1 (6 ounce) jar marinated baby mushrooms and their liquids; 1 shallot, coarsely chopped; 4 sprigs fresh tarragon leaves, stripped, plus a few sprigs to garnish; 3 tablespoons white wine vinegar; Salt and pepper; 1/2 cup extra-virgin olive oil, plus some for drizzling; 16 baby lamb chops, cut by butcher; 1/2 pound baby cut carrots, available in produce department; 1/2 pound sugar snap peas; 4 radishes, cleaned and trimmed, greens left on, halved lengthwise | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the broiler or grill pan to high. In a food processor, combine the artichokes, marinated mushrooms, shallot, tarragon, and vinegar. Season with salt and pepper and turn processor on and stream in about 1/2 cup of evoo until a spoonable, fairly smooth dip forms, about 1 minute. Scrape the dip into a serving bowl and place a demitasse (small) spoon in the dip so it can be easy applied to each individual cooked lamb chop. Drizzle chops with a few teaspoons of evoo and season with salt and pepper. Grill or broil 2 minutes on each side and remove to rest. To serve, place dip on large platte <END>
INPUT: Italian, blasted, garlic, unsalted butter, chicken broth, couscous, basil leaves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Blasted Cornish Hens with Basil Couscous Stuffing | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 garlic clove, minced; 1 tablespoon unsalted butter; 1/3 cup canned chicken broth; 1/3 cup couscous; 1/3 cup shredded fresh basil leaves; 3 tablespoons pine nuts, toasted lightly; 2 1 1/2-pound Cornish hens, rinsed and patted dry; 1/2 stick (1/4 cup) unsalted butter, softened | INSTRUCTIONS: Make the stuffing: In a small saucepan cook the garlic in the butter over moderately low heat, stirring, until it is softened. Add the broth, and bring it to a boil. Stir in the couscous, remove the pan from the heat, and let the mixture stand, covered, for 5 minutes. Transfer the couscous to a bowl, stir in the basil, the pine nuts, and salt and pepper to taste, and let the stuffing cool. Season the cavities of the hens with salt and pepper and fill them with the stuffing. Cover each opening with a piece of foil, truss the hens with kitchen string, and rub each hen with 1 tablespoon of the bu <END>
INPUT: bacon, wine vinegar, honey, chicken stock, Napa cabbage
OUTPUT: TITLE: Braised Napa Cabbage with Bacon, Red Wine Vinegar, and Mint | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 8 ounces bacon, diced; 1 cup red wine vinegar; 2 tablespoons honey; 2 cups chicken stock; 2 pounds Napa cabbage, thinly sliced; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 tablespoons fresh mint leaves, thinly sliced | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. Place medium-sized roasting pan on burner over medium-high heat, add the bacon and cook until crisp. Remove the bacon with a slotted spoon to a plate lined with paper towels. Place cabbage in a roasting pan with rendered bacon fat, stir in the vinegar, honey and chicken stock and season with salt and pepper. Cover with foil and roast in the oven until wilted, about 30 minutes. Remove from the oven and stir in the mint. Transfer to a platter and sprinkle with the cooked bacon. <END>
INPUT: vegetables, wine, lemon juice, parsley leaves, olive oil, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Baked Flounder Fillets with Lemon-Pepper Vegetables | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup dry white wine; 3 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh parsley leaves; 1/4 cup olive oil; 1/2 teaspoon coarsely ground black pepper; 1 onion, sliced thin; 3 carrots, cut into 2-inch julienne strips; 1 yellow squash, cut into 2-inch julienne strips; 1 zucchini, cut into 2-inch julienne strips; six 6- to 8-ounce flounder fillets, halved lengthwise and seasoned with salt and pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: In a bowl whisk together the wine, the lemon juice, the parsley, the oil, the pepper, and salt to taste and add the onion. In another bowl toss together the carrots, the squash, and the zucchini, add about 1/4 cup of the liquid from the onion mixture, and toss the mixture well. Spread the onion mixture in the bottom of a greased glass baking dish, 15 by 10 by 2 inches. On a work surface arrange the flounder fillet halves, skinned sides up, beginning with the narrow end roll up each fillet half jelly-roll fashion, and secure each roll with a wooden pick. Arrange the fish rolls, seam sides down  <END>
INPUT: neely, Peanut oil, cornmeal, all purpose flour, cayenne pepper, garlic powder
OUTPUT: TITLE: Neely's Fried Calamari | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Peanut oil, for frying; 1 cup yellow cornmeal; 1 cup all-purpose flour; 1/4 teaspoon cayenne pepper; 1/2 teaspoon garlic powder; 2 teaspoons dried parsley; 2 teaspoons salt, plus more for seasoning; 1 teaspoon ground black pepper; 1 pound fresh or frozen and thawed small calamari, cleaned and cut into 1/2-inch rings; Lemon wedges, for garnish; Sweet and Spicy Dipping Sauce, recipe follows; 1/4 cup peach preserves; 1/2 cup sweet chili sauce; Dash hot sauce; 1/4 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oil in a deep fryer to 375 degrees F. In a large bowl add the cornmeal, flour, cayenne, garlic powder, dried parsley, salt and pepper. Whisk together to combine. Working in batches, toss the calamari into the dry mixture, shaking off the excess. Carefully add to the hot oil, in batches, until lightly golden, about 1 minute per batch. Remove to a paper towel lined sheet tray and immediately season with salt. Transfer to a platter, garnish with lemon wedges, and serve with the Spicy Dipping Sauce. Add all the ingredients to a serving bowl and whisk to combine. Cover and refrigerate until <END>
INPUT: Italian, goulash, virgin olive oil, butter, chicken, mushrooms, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken and Mushroom Goulash with Gnocchi | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, 2 turns of the pan; 1 tablespoon butter; 1 1/2 pounds ground chicken; 1/2 pound white mushrooms, sliced; 2 cloves garlic, chopped; 1 medium onion, chopped; 1 red bell pepper, seeded and chopped; 2 teaspoons smoked paprika, 2/3 palm full; Salt and pepper; 1 cup chicken stock; 1 cup tomato sauce; 1/2 cup sour cream or reduced fat sour cream; Handful chopped flat-leaf parsley; 1 package fresh gnocchi, in refrigerated section of market, 12 to 14 ounces; 2 tablespoons chives | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat the extra-virgin olive oil and butter in a large, deep skillet over medium to medium-high heat. Add the ground chicken. Brown the meat 3 to 4 minutes, push it off to the sides of the pan then add mushrooms, garlic, onions and peppers to the center of the pan. Cook the vegetables 5 minutes then mix them together with chicken and season with smoked paprika, salt and pepper. Stir in stock and tomato sauce and bring to a bubble. Reduce heat to a simmer and cook 5 minutes then stir in sour cream and turn off heat. Add parsley. Adjust seasonings, to your taste. While chicken goulash cooks, brin <END>
INPUT: Asian, pudding, pearl tapioca, light unsweetened coconut, crystallized ginger, sugar, bananas
OUTPUT: TITLE: Banana Coconut Pudding | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon small pearl tapioca (not quick-cooking); a 14-ounce can light unsweetened coconut milk; 2 tablespoons coarsely chopped crystallized ginger; 1/3 cup sugar; 3 firm-ripe bananas; Garnish if desired: 1 tablespoon chopped crystallized ginger | INSTRUCTIONS: In a small bowl soften tapioca in warm water to cover 1 hour. While tapioca is soaking, in a small saucepan cook coconut milk, ginger, and sugar over moderate heat, stirring, until sugar is dissolved. Remove pan from heat and let mixture stand 10 minutes. Drain tapioca. Peel bananas and quarter lengthwise. Cut quarters into 1/2-inch pieces. Heat coconut milk mixture over low heat and gently stir in tapioca and bananas. Cook pudding, stirring (be careful not to break up bananas), until thickened slightly and bananas are heated through, about 5 minutes, and cool. Divide pudding among six 1/8-cup <END>
INPUT: American, sandwich, salad, watercress, wedges ruby grapefruit, fennel, Salt pepper, lemon
OUTPUT: TITLE: BBQ Beef Brisket Sandwich with Watercress Salad with Shaved Fennel and Grapefruit | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 4 ounces watercress; 4 slices or wedges ruby grapefruit; 1/2-ounce shaved fennel; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 lemon, juiced; 1/2-ounce extra-virgin olive oil; 2 1/2 ounces BBQ sauce; 5 ounces sliced beef brisket; 3 slices sharp Cheddar; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 brioche roll, sliced and toasted | INSTRUCTIONS: For the salad: Put the watercress, grapefruit and fennel into a large bowl and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Add the lemon juice and the olive oil and toss to combine. For the brisket: In a small saute pan, add the BBQ sauce and brisket, and cook over medium heat until beef is hot and cooked through. Top the brisket with 3 slices of Cheddar and toss together until combined. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Put the brisket on the toasted brioche bun and serve with the watercress salad. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, spice, rubbed, baby carrots, water, virgin olive oil, butter, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spice-Rubbed Pork Tenderloin With Roasted Baby Carrots | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2 pounds baby carrots, peeled, trimmed, leaving 1/2 inch of green tops attached; 2 tablespoons water; 1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil; 1 tablespoon butter, diced; 2 garlic cloves, thinly sliced; 1 small jalapeño (preferably red), seeded, coarsely chopped; 1 teaspoon honey; 1/2 teaspoon ancho chile powder*; 1/2 teaspoon ground cumin; 1/4 teaspoon coarse kosher salt; 2 1-to 1 1/4-pound pork tenderloins; 2 teaspoons dried oregano; 2 teaspoons ground cumin; 1 teaspoon ancho chile powder; 1 teaspoon smoked paprika** | INSTRUCTIONS: For carrots: Arrange carrots on large rimmed baking sheet. Whisk 2 tablespoons water and all remaining ingredients in small bowl; pour over carrots and toss to coat. Cover tightly with heavy-duty foil. DO AHEAD: Can be made 2 hours ahead. Let stand at room temperature. Toss to coat before continuing. Arrange carrots on large rimmed baking sheet. Whisk 2 tablespoons water and all remaining ingredients in small bowl; pour over carrots and toss to coat. Cover tightly with heavy-duty foil. DO AHEAD: Can be made 2 hours ahead. Let stand at room temperature. Toss to coat before continuing. For pork: <END>
INPUT: preserves, sour cherries, sugar, lemon juice, Special cherry pitter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sour Cherry Preserves | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 lb sour cherries, stemmed and pitted, reserving 3 tablespoons pits; 5 cups sugar; 1/3 cup fresh lemon juice; 1 (1 3/4-oz) box plus 3 tablespoons lower- sugar powdered pectin; Special equipment: a cherry pitter; cheesecloth; a candy thermometer; 8 (1/2-pint) canning jars with lids and screw bands | INSTRUCTIONS: Toss together cherries, sugar, and lemon juice in a large bowl. Wrap cherry pits in a paper towel and crack them with a rolling pin or pestle just enough to extract inner white kernels. Discard outer shells and tie white kernels in a cheesecloth bag. Stir bag into cherry mixture and chill, covered, at least 8 hours and up to 1 day. Sterilize jars and lids . Pour cherries with liquid and cheesecloth bag into a 5- to 6-quart heavy pot (sugar will not be completely dissolved). Bring to a rolling boil over moderate heat, then boil, uncovered, stirring frequently, 5 minutes. Remove from heat and tr <END>
INPUT: twice, new potatoes, olive oil, Monterey Jack cheese, cream cheese, sour cream
OUTPUT: TITLE: Twice-Baked New Potatoes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 12 new potatoes; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1 1/2 cups grated Monterey Jack cheese; 4 ounces cream cheese, softened; 1/2 cup sour cream; 1 tablespoon finely minced fresh chives; 1 clove garlic, pressed; Salt and pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Drizzle the potatoes with the olive oil and toss them to coat. Roast until the potatoes are tender and the skin is slightly crisp, 20 to 25 minutes. Use a spoon or small scoop to remove the insides, leaving a small margin of potato intact. To the scooped out potatoes, add the Monterey Jack, cream cheese, sour cream, chives, garlic, and salt and pepper to taste. Mash until the mixture is totally smooth. Give it a taste and add more salt if necessary. Scoop the mixture into the potato shells. At this point you can cover and refrig <END>
INPUT: American, devil, crumbled Danish cheese, sour cream, mayonnaise, horseradish
OUTPUT: TITLE: Blue Devil Cheese and Bacon Dip | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 (8-ounce) tub whipped cream cheese; 3/4 cup crumbled Danish blue cheese; 3/4 cup sour cream; 2 tablespoons mayonnaise; 1 teaspoon prepared horseradish; 2 tablespoons minced onion; 1 tablespoon Italian seasoning; Dash of hot pepper sauce; 6 slices peppered bacon, cooked until crisp and crumbled; Apple wedges, cut up raw vegetables, and/or Wheat Thins | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. Put the cream cheese, blue cheese, sour cream, mayonnaise, horseradish, onion, Italian seasoning, and pepper sauce in a food processor. Pulse until very smooth. Add the bacon and pulse until just blended. 2. Transfer to a bowl, cover, and refrigerate until the flavors are well integrated, at least one hour or overnight. 3. Serve with apples, vegetables, and/or Wheat Thins. 1. Put the cream cheese, blue cheese, sour cream, mayonnaise, horseradish, onion, Italian seasoning, and pepper sauce in a food processor. Pulse until very smooth. Add the bacon and pulse until just blended. 2. Transfer t <END>
INPUT: Italian, bowl, mozzarella cheese, crumbled feta cheese, unsalted butter, sourdough bread boule, egg
OUTPUT: TITLE: Bread-Bowl Mozzarella Dip | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups shredded mozzarella cheese (about 8 ounces); 1 cup crumbled feta cheese (about 4 ounces); 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, diced; 1 8-inch sourdough bread boule; 1 large egg; 1/2 teaspoon red pepper flakes | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Combine the mozzarella, feta and butter in a large bowl. Slice off the top 2 inches of the bread boule and hollow it out, reserving the top and insides for dipping. Fill the bread bowl with the cheese mixture. Transfer to a baking dish, cover loosely with foil and bake 20 minutes. Uncover and crack the egg on top of the cheese mixture. Continue baking, uncovered, until the egg white is almost set, 12 to 15 minutes, then broil until just set, 1 to 2 more minutes. Remove from the oven and sprinkle with the red pepper flakes. Just before serving, break the egg y <END>
INPUT: cupcake, cake flour, baking powder, salt, sugar, organic eggs
OUTPUT: TITLE: Corn Yellow Pepper Cupcake | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups cake flour; 1 teaspoon baking powder; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1 1/2 cups sugar; 3 organic eggs; 3/4 cup organic corn puree; 3/4 cup vegetable oil; 1/4 cup organic yellow pepper puree; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; 8 ounces organic powdered sugar; 1/4 cup pasteurized egg whites; 1 pound unsalted organic butter; 1 cup organic corn puree | INSTRUCTIONS: For the cupcakes: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Line 2 cupcake pans with paper liners. Sift together the flour, baking powder and salt into a bowl. Combine the sugar and eggs in the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment. Blend until creamy, then add the corn puree, oil, yellow pepper puree and vanilla and continue mixing. Slowly add the sifted dry ingredients and keep mixing for 30 more seconds. Pour the batter into the cupcake pans and bake for 14 minutes. Let cool completely. For the frosting: Mix the powdered sugar and egg whites using an electric mixer on medium-high <END>
INPUT: egg yolks, Dijon mustard, lemon juice, roasted peppers, grape seed oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Red Pepper Aïoli | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 large egg yolks; 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard; 2 teaspoons lemon juice; 6 ounces roasted and peeled red peppers; 1/2 cup grape-seed oil; 1/2 cup olive oil; Sea salt and freshly ground black pepper to taste | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. Combine the first 4 ingredients in a food processor. 2. Blend for approximately 30 seconds and, while blending, drizzle the grape-seed oil into the mixture in a slow stream, followed by the olive oil. 3. Season with the salt and pepper and keep cold until serving. 1. Combine the first 4 ingredients in a food processor. 2. Blend for approximately 30 seconds and, while blending, drizzle the grape-seed oil into the mixture in a slow stream, followed by the olive oil. 3. Season with the salt and pepper and keep cold until serving. <END>
INPUT: American, sandwich, vegetable, hard boiled eggs, mayonnaise, Dijon mustard, chives, Salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: L.O.V.E. Wrap Sandwich (Lettuce, Onion, Vegetable, Egg Salad) | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 8 hard boiled eggs; 4 teaspoons mayonnaise; 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard; 2 tablespoons fresh chives, finely chopped; Salt and pepper; 4 pieces whole-wheat wrap bread (9 inches in diameter); 1 red bell pepper, cut into strips; 12 thin slices red onion; 8 leaves romaine lettuce, torn into pieces (about 1/2 cup) | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Dice 4 whole eggs and 4 egg whites and put into a small bowl. Add the mayonnaise and mustard and stir with a fork, mashing somewhat for desired consistency. Stir in chives and season with salt and pepper. Place wrap bread on a plate and spread the egg salad in the middle. Top with the peppers, onion slices and the lettuce. Fold into a wrap sandwich. <END>
INPUT: sandwiches, mint chocolate chip, sugar, cornstarch, low fat, egg yolks
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mint Chocolate Chip Ice-Milk Sandwiches | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: about 2 cups mint chocolate chip ice milk, softened lightly; 1/2 cup sugar; 1 tablespoon cornstarch; 2 1/3 cups low-fat (1%) milk; 2 large egg yolks, beaten lightly; 1 tablespoon green or white crème de menthe; 1 ounce fine-quality bittersweet chocolate (not unsweetened), chopped; 24 cocoa snaps; 1/2 cup all-purpose flour; 1/2 cup sugar; 1/4 cup unsweetened cocoa powder; 1/2 teaspoon baking powder; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened; 1 large egg, beaten lightly | INSTRUCTIONS: Sandwich 2 1/2 tablespoons ice milk between 2 snaps, pressing snaps together gently, and put sandwich on a tray in a freezer. Form 11 more sandwiches in same manner and freeze on tray, covered, until hard. Ice-milk sandwiches may be made 1 week ahead and kept frozen, individually wrapped in plastic wrap. Sandwich 2 1/2 tablespoons ice milk between 2 snaps, pressing snaps together gently, and put sandwich on a tray in a freezer. Form 11 more sandwiches in same manner and freeze on tray, covered, until hard. Ice-milk sandwiches may be made 1 week ahead and kept frozen, individually wrapped in pl <END>
INPUT: unsalted butter, olive oil, Spanish onion, mushrooms, portobello mushrooms
OUTPUT: TITLE: Gorgonzola Mushroom Boule | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 tablespoons unsalted butter; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1/2 Spanish onion; 8 ounces white mushrooms, sliced 1/4-inch thick; 8 ounces portobello mushrooms, stemmed and sliced 1/4-inch thick; 4 sprigs fresh rosemary; 1 teaspoon kosher salt; 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 2 tablespoons dry white wine; 4 ounces gorgonzola, crumbled; 1 cup heavy cream; 1 sourdough bread boule, hollowed out; Fresh rosemary sprigs, for garnish; 1 baguette, sliced, for serving | INSTRUCTIONS: Put the butter and olive oil into a large skillet and set over medium heat. Slice the onion into thin slivers and add them to the melted butter. Reduce the heat to low and cook the onions for 15 minutes until translucent. Add the mushrooms, rosemary, salt and pepper, and raise the heat to medium and cook, stirring occasionally, until the mushrooms give up their liquid. Let the mixture simmer until the mushroom liquid has reduced by 3/4. Add the white wine and reduce again until the pan is almost dry. (The recipe can be made to this point the day before if you like. Reheat the mushroom mixture  <END>
INPUT: glaze, virgin olive oil, light sugar, real maple syrup, acorn squash, Kosher salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Acorn Squash with Sweet Maple Glaze | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 2 tablespoons light brown sugar; 2 tablespoons real maple syrup; 2 small acorn squash (1 pound each), cut in half, seeds removed; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; Butter, for topping | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Mix the olive oil, brown sugar, and maple syrup together in a small bowl. Put the acorn squash, cut side up, in a single layer on a baking sheet. Brush the glaze on the flesh of the squash and season with salt, and pepper, to taste. Put the squash in the oven and roast it until tender and golden brown, about 40 to 45 minutes. Remove the squash from the oven and transfer it to a serving dish. Top with butter and serve. <END>
INPUT: spiced, Baileys Coffee Irish, Belle de Brillet, sprinkle nutmeg, grind seasoned pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Baileys Spiced Coffee | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1.5 oz. Baileys Coffee Irish Cream; 1 oz. Belle de Brillet (pear flavored liqueur); 1 sprinkle nutmeg; 1 grind 4 seasoned pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Layer Belle de Brillet (pear flavored liqueur) first. Then top with Baileys Coffee Irish Cream. Garnish with nutmeg, a grind of 4 seasoned peppers and enjoy. <END>
INPUT: Italian, summer, soup, very tomatoes, English cucumber, pepper, onion, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Summer Tomato Soup with Basil and Croutons | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 2 pounds very ripe tomatoes, quartered, seeded, and chopped; 1/2 English cucumber, peeled, seeded, and diced; 1/2 red pepper, cored and diced; 1/2 small onion; 1 clove garlic, crushed; 1 ounce fresh brown bread crumbs; 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar, plus more as needed; 1 cup vegetable stock or tomato juice; 2 sprigs fresh thyme, leaves picked; 16 fresh basil leaves; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; Pinch cayenne pepper; Honey, optional; 4 tablespoons tiny butter-fried croutons, optional | INSTRUCTIONS: Mix the tomatoes, cucumber, red pepper, onion, garlic, and bread crumbs in a medium glass bowl. Add the vinegar, stock, thyme, and 12 of the basil leaves. Cover the bowl with plastic wrap, and marinate 12 hours in the refrigerator. Puree the mixture, and season to taste with salt, pepper, and cayenne pepper. If too acidic (and this will depend on the tomatoes you've used), add a little honey. Serve cold with the remaining basil leaves shredded and scattered over top along with some croutons, if using. <END>
INPUT: salad, farro barley, virgin olive oil, corn kernels, cherry tomatoes, scallions
OUTPUT: TITLE: Farro and Corn Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup farro or barley; 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1 1/2 cups fresh corn kernels (from 3 ears corn); 1 cup cherry tomatoes (any color), halved; 3 scallions, sliced; Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper; 1 bunch arugula, chopped; 1 teaspoon grated lemon zest; Juice of 1 lemon | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook the farro as the label directs. Drain and rinse under cold water, then transfer to a large bowl and toss with 2 tablespoons olive oil. Heat the remaining 1 tablespoon olive oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Add the corn and cook, stirring occasionally, until it begins to char, about 2 minutes. Add the tomatoes and scallions and cook, stirring, until they just begin to wilt, about 2 more minutes. Add 1/4 teaspoon salt, and pepper to taste. Stir the corn mixture into the farro. Add the arugula, lemon zest and lemon juice and toss. Season with salt and pepper. Photograph by Kana  <END>
INPUT: Asian, bowl, soba noodles, sesame oil, spinach, carrots, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Soba Noodle Bowl with Smoked Trout | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 8 ounces soba noodles; 1 teaspoon toasted sesame oil; 1 bunch spinach, stemmed; 2 carrots, sliced; 4 cloves garlic, thinly sliced; 1 1 1/2-inch piece ginger, peeled and thinly sliced; 12 ounces sliced stemmed shiitake mushrooms (about 3 cups); 1/3 cup low-sodium soy sauce; 8 ounces smoked trout, skin removed, flaked; 4 scallions, thinly sliced; 1/2 red Fresno chile pepper, seeded and thinly sliced | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring a large pot of water to a boil. Add the noodles and cook as the label directs. Remove the noodles to a colander using tongs and rinse under cold water; toss with the sesame oil and set aside. Add the spinach to the boiling water; cook until wilted, about 2 minutes. Drain and rinse under cold water; squeeze dry and set aside. Rinse out the pot; add 6 cups water, the carrots, garlic and ginger. Bring to a simmer over medium-high heat. Cook until the carrots soften, about 8 minutes. Stir in the mushrooms and soy sauce; simmer until the mushrooms are tender, about 2 minutes. Divide the noodl <END>
INPUT: Mexican, skins, Idaho potatoes, canola oil, salt, broccoli florets
OUTPUT: TITLE: Broccoli and Cheddar-Stuffed Potato Skins with Avocado Cream | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 8 small Idaho potatoes (about 2 1/2 pounds total), scrubbed and dried; 4 teaspoons canola oil; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 8 ounces broccoli florets, coarsely chopped (about 4 cups); Nonstick cooking spray; 3 pieces Canadian bacon, finely diced (about 3 ounces); 3/4 cup grated extra-sharp Cheddar (about 3 ounces); 2 scallions, thinly sliced, greens reserved; 1 medium avocado; 2 tablespoons reduced-fat sour cream; 2 tablespoons lime juice; 1/4 cup cilantro leaves; 1 clove garlic; 1/4 teaspoon salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat oven to 450 degrees F. Pierce potatoes several times with a fork and wrap in paper towels. Microwave on high for 13 to 15 minutes, until potatoes are cooked through. Remove from microwave and cool until potatoes are easy to handle. Slice potatoes in half lengthwise. Using a spoon, scoop all but 1/8 inch of the inside of the potato, leaving skin intact. Reserve scooped potato flesh for another use. Brush both inside and outside of potatoes with oil and sprinkle with salt. Place potatoes, skin-side down, on a baking sheet and bake until skins are crisp and  <END>
INPUT: warm, good olive oil, leek, carrots, garlic, French Le Puy
OUTPUT: TITLE: Warm French Lentils | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons plus 1/4 cup good olive oil; 1 leek, white and light green parts, sliced 1/4-inch thick; 2 carrots, scrubbed and 1/2-inch diced; 1 teaspoon minced garlic; 1 cup French green Le Puy lentils; 1 whole onion, peeled and stuck with 6 whole cloves; 1 white turnip, cut in half; 1 teaspoon unsalted butter; 4 teaspoons Dijon mustard; 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar; 1 tablespoon kosher salt; 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Heat the 2 tablespoons of olive oil in a medium saute pan, add the leek and carrots, and cook over medium heat for 5 minutes. Add the garlic and cook for 1 more minute and set aside. Meanwhile, place the lentils, 4 cups of water, the onion with the cloves, and the turnip in a large saucepan and bring to a boil. Lower the heat and simmer uncovered for 20 minutes, or until the lentils are almost tender. Remove and discard the onion and turnip and drain the lentils. Place them in a medium bowl with the leek and carrots, and add the butter. Meanwhile, whisk together  <END>
INPUT: dipping, smooth peanut butter, garlic, lime juice, soy sauce, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Peanut Dipping Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/3 cup smooth peanut butter; 1 garlic clove; 2 tablespoons fresh lime juice; 2 tablespoons soy sauce; 1 teaspoon sugar; 1/8 teaspoon cayenne, or to taste; 1/3 cup water | INSTRUCTIONS: In a blender blend together the peanut butter, the garlic, the lime juice, the soy sauce, the sugar, the cayenne, the water, and salt and pepper to taste until the mixture is smooth and transfer the sauce to a bowl. The sauce may be made 2 days in advance and kept covered and chilled. In a blender blend together the peanut butter, the garlic, the lime juice, the soy sauce, the sugar, the cayenne, the water, and salt and pepper to taste until the mixture is smooth and transfer the sauce to a bowl. The sauce may be made 2 days in advance and kept covered and chilled. <END>
INPUT: glaze, balsamic vinegar, water, lemon juice, light sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Seared Salmon with Balsamic Glaze | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup balsamic vinegar; 1/4 cup water; 1 1/2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 1 tablespoon plus 1 teaspoon packed light brown sugar; 4 (6-ounce) center-cut pieces salmon fillet with skin; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 teaspoons vegetable oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Stir together vinegar, water, lemon juice, and brown sugar in a small bowl. Pat salmon dry and season with salt and pepper. Heat oil in a 12-inch nonstick skillet over moderately high heat but not smoking. Increase heat to high, add salmon skin side up, and sear until well browned, about 4 minutes. Turn fish over and sear until just cooked through, 3 to 4 minutes more. Transfer salmon to plates and carefully add vinegar mixture to skillet (liquid will bubble vigorously and steam). Simmer, stirring, until thickened and reduced to about 1/3 cup, about 2 minutes. Spoon glaze over salmon. <END>
INPUT: farmed trout, Salt, Pepper, butter, shallot
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chardonnay Trout | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 whole 1 pound farmed trout, cleaned and scaled; Salt; Pepper; 2 tablespoons butter; 1 shallot, chopped; 1 small bunch thyme; 1/4 cup Gallo Chardonnay; 4 slices orange | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the grill to medium high. Lay the trout onto a large piece of aluminum foil. Season the trout inside and out with salt and pepper. Place small pieces of the butter inside and on top of the trout. Sprinkle the shallot inside and outside the trout. Place the thyme sprigs inside and outside the trout. Pour the Chardonnay over the trout and top with the orange slices. Wrap the aluminum foil around the trout, sealing it. Place the aluminum foil wrapped trout on the grill and close the lid. Grill for 4 minutes. Turn the trout over and grill for an additional 4 minutes. Remove from the grill  <END>
INPUT: American, scallopine, Salt pepper, sage leaves, fontina cheese, olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken Scallopine with Sage and Fontina Cheese | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 6 (4 1/2 to 5 1/2-ounce) chicken cutlets, pounded thin; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 6 sage leaves; 3 ounces grated fontina cheese; 3 tablespoons olive oil; 1 garlic clove, halved; 1/2 cup white wine; 1 (28-ounce) can whole San Marzano tomatoes; 1/2 teaspoon red pepper flakes; 1 teaspoon salt; 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Special equipment: toothpicks. Place the chicken cutlets on a clean work surface, narrow end facing you. Sprinkle with salt and pepper. Place one sage leaf crosswise on each of the pieces of chicken. Sprinkle each of the pieces of chicken with 1/2 ounce (about 2 tablespoons) of fontina cheese. Roll up the chicken and seal with one or two toothpicks. Warm the olive oil and halved garlic clove in a large, heavy skillet over medium-high heat until the garlic is fragrant, about 2 minutes. Add the chicken. Brown the chicken on all sides, about 3 minutes per side. Remo <END>
INPUT: Asian, cooked, luoc, lemongrass, knob ginger, chiles, lemon leaves, snails
OUTPUT: TITLE: Snails, Cooked In Lemongrass and Chile: Oc Luoc Xa | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 2 lemongrass stalks, bruised and sliced into 1 1/2-inch/ 4 cm lengths; 1 knob ginger, pounded; 2 chiles, bashed; 6 lemon leaves; 10 1/2 ounces/300 g snails, washed in salted water 3 times; 1 chile, diced; 2 lemon leaves, finely sliced; 1 clove garlic, minced; 1/2 cup water; 2 tablespoons fish sauce; 1 tablespoons vinegar | INSTRUCTIONS: In a saucepan, add 2 cups water, lemongrass, ginger, and chile. Bring to the boil, then add snails. Cook covered for 5 minutes. Transfer to a bowl and dip snails into dipping fish sauce. For the dipping sauce: Mix the chile, lemon leaves, garlic, water, fish sauce, and vinegar and combine well. <END>
INPUT: vinaigrette, raspberry vinegar, orange juice, good olive oil, kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Beets with Orange Vinaigrette | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 (15-ounce) cans baby beets, drained; 2 tablespoons raspberry vinegar; 2 tablespoons freshly squeezed orange juice; 3 tablespoons good olive oil; 1 1/2 teaspoons kosher salt; 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 1/2 cup small-diced red onion (1 small onion); 2 large seedless oranges, zested; Segments 2 large seedless oranges | INSTRUCTIONS: Drain the beets and dice into 1/2-inch cubes. Place the beets in a mixing bowl and add the raspberry vinegar, orange juice, olive oil, salt, pepper and red onions. Zest the oranges and then segment over a bowl to catch the juices. Add the orange zest, orange segments, and any juices and mix well. Taste for seasoning and serve cold or at room temperature. <END>
INPUT: haunted, house, chocolate frosting, empty cardboard cereal, chocolate graham crackers, Candies shoestring twisted, marshmallows
OUTPUT: TITLE: Haunted Graham Cracker House | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 can chocolate frosting; 1 empty cardboard cereal box or cracker box; 1 box chocolate graham crackers; Candies such as black shoestring and twisted black licorice, orange candy corns, orange Tic; 1 bag marshmallows; Tacs, M&M's and Necco wafers; 1 box chocolate cookies crushed | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: 1 empty cardboard cereal box or cracker box Arrange the empty cardboard cereal or cracker box upright on a piece of aluminum foil-covered cardboard (you can tape it down to secure it). Tape the top flaps of the box together to form a pitched roof. Frost the whole box with chocolate frosting and then stick on the graham crackers onto the sides and roof of the box. Fill in the cracks by squeezing the frosting through a pastry bag with plain tip (you can also use a plastic bag with a small hole cut from the corner). Draw crooked windows with the frosting and board them up with  <END>
INPUT: stars, all purpose flour, baking powder, salt, unsalted butter, maple sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Maple Stars | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/4 cups all-purpose flour, plus more for dusting; 1/4 teaspoon baking powder; Pinch of salt; 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature; 1/2 cup maple sugar; 1 large egg; 1/2 teaspoon pure vanilla extract; Gold coarse sugar, for decorating; 2 ounces white chocolate, chopped; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature; 1/4 cup confectioners¿ sugar; 1/4 teaspoon maple extract; 1/2 teaspoon fresh lemon juice | INSTRUCTIONS: Make the cookies: Whisk the flour, baking powder and salt in a medium bowl. Beat the butter and maple sugar in a large bowl with a mixer on medium-high speed until fluffy, 4 minutes. Add the egg and vanilla; beat until combined. Reduce the mixer speed to medium low; add the flour mixture and beat until just combined. Transfer the dough to a sheet of plastic wrap; shape into a disk. Wrap and refrigerate until firm, at least 1 hour. Position racks in the upper and lower thirds of the oven; preheat to 350 degrees F. Divide the dough into thirds. Working with 1 piece at a time, roll out the dough  <END>
INPUT: American, sheet puff pastry, unsalted butter, onion, potatoes, carrots
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken Pot Pie 101 | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 sheet frozen puff pastry, from standard package (17 1/4 ounces), thawed, or 1/6 recipe fresh puff pastry, recipe follows; 5 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1 large onion, chopped; 3 medium potatoes (about 1 pound), peeled and cut into 1-inch pieces; 3 medium carrots (about 12 ounces), peeled and cut into 1-inch pieces; 12 ounces small cremini mushrooms, trimmed; 1/3 cup cognac; 5 tablespoons all-purpose flour; 2 cups chicken stock; 1 cup milk; 5 cups roasted or Poached Chicken, recipe follows; 1 cup shelled green peas; 2 tablespoons chopped parsley leaves; 2 tablespoons fresh thyme leaves; 3 teaspoons salt | INSTRUCTIONS: At least 1 hour, or up to the day before filling is prepared, roll puff pastry out on a lightly floured surface to a square, 3/16-inch thick. Place on a baking sheet, wrap tightly with plastic, and chill for 1 hour. Remove chilled dough from refrigerator and place on a cutting board. Invert a bowl or place a lid that is 2 1/2 to 3 inches larger in diameter than a 3 quart round casserole or souffle dish directly onto the dough. With a sharp knife cut around the bowl or lid so that you have a perfect circle. Return the circle of dough to the baking sheet, wrap tightly with plastic and chill for  <END>
INPUT: Mexican, salsa, Dijon style mustard, grain Dijon style, wine chicken stock, breast halves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Dijon Chicken with Grape and Pine Nut Salsa | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/4 cups Dijon-style mustard; 1 1/4 cups whole grain Dijon-style mustard; 1/2 cup dry white wine or chicken stock; 40 breast halves, 4 oz. each boneless, skinless chicken; 3 lbs., 12 oz. California seedless grapes, halved; 12 oz. pine nuts, toasted; 10 oz. red onion, chopped; 8 oz. green onion, chopped; 2 1/2 oz. (1 1/4 cups) fresh Italian parsley, chopped; 1/2 cup extra virgin olive oil; 1/2 cup red wine vinegar; 1/4 cup sugar; Salt and fresh ground pepper, as needed | INSTRUCTIONS: Whisk together mustards and wine. Pour over chicken; cover, refrigerate, and marinate 24 hours. To prepare salsa combine grapes, pine nuts, red onion, green onion, parsley, oil, vinegar, and sugar; mix well. Season with salt and pepper. Preheat grill. Season each chicken breast half with salt and pepper. Grill or broil chicken until firm and juices run clear, 8 to 10 minutes, turning once. Plate chicken and top with 1/2 cup grape salsa. Calories 261; Protein 28g; Fat 10g; Calories from Fat 36%; Carbohydrate 13g; Cholesterol 66mg; Fiber 1.6g; Sodium 510mg <END>
INPUT: American, kosher salt, smoked paprika, ancho chile powder, garlic powder, dark sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pat's Ribs with Peach BBQ Sauce | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons kosher salt; 2 tablespoons smoked paprika; 1 tablespoon ancho chile powder; 1 tablespoon garlic powder; 1 tablespoon dark brown sugar; 2 (3-pound) slabs pork spare ribs; 2 cups Gina's Peach BBQ Sauce, recipe follows; 1 tablespoon butter; 2 cloves garlic, minced; 1 small shallot, diced; Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper; 1 tablespoon reserved peach dry rub; 2 cups ketchup; 2 cups peach nectar; 2 tablespoons apple cider vinegar | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Special equipment: Hickory chips, saturated and charcoal briquettes, saturated. Ribs: For the dry rub: Add the salt, paprika, chile powder, garlic powder and brown sugar to a bowl and stir until thoroughly incorporated. Keep the rub in an airtight container for up to 6 months. For the ribs: Rinse and dry the ribs. Put them on a clean cutting board and pull off the thin fatty skin that lines the underside of the ribs. Trim the ribs of all excess fat. Reserve 2 tablespoons peach rub (1 for ribs and 1 for sauce), then liberally sprinkle each side with the remaining  <END>
INPUT: kidney beans, water, onion, bay leaf, peppercorns
OUTPUT: TITLE: Maple Baked Beans | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound dry red kidney beans; 2 quarts water; 1 large yellow onion, cut in eighths; 1 bay leaf; 6 whole black peppercorns; 3/4 cup medium amber pure maple syrup; 1/2 cup light brown sugar, lightly packed; 1/2 cup ketchup; 1 tablespoon Chinese chili paste; 1 tablespoon grated fresh ginger; 1 teaspoon kosher salt; 5 ounces thick-cut smoked bacon, cubed | INSTRUCTIONS: Place the beans in a large bowl and cover with cold water by 1-inch and cover with plastic wrap. Refrigerate overnight. Drain and rinse the beans and then drain again. Place the beans in large pot with 2 quarts water, the onion, bay leaf, and peppercorns. Bring to a boil, then lower the heat and simmer for about 50 minutes, or until tender. A good test is to scoop up several beans in a spoon and blow on them: if the skin starts to peel off, they're done. Drain the beans, reserving the cooking liquid. Preheat the oven to 225 degrees F. In a small saucepan, whisk together the maple syrup, brown  <END>
INPUT: Italian, pesto, garlic, parsley, cilantro, almonds, olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cilantro Pesto | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 6 cloves garlic, peeled; 1 bunch fresh parsley, stemmed; 1 bunch fresh cilantro, stemmed; 2 tablespoons almonds, toasted; 4 tablespoons olive oil; Juice of 1/2 lemon; 1/4 teaspoon sea salt; Freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Hand chop the garlic, parsley, cilantro, and almonds. Combine the pesto mixture with the oil, lemon juice, salt, and pepper until well mixed. Serve as a dipping sauce with the tortitas de papas cruda y elote. <END>
INPUT: French onion soup, Salt pepper taste, button mushrooms
OUTPUT: TITLE: Dad's Mushrooms | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 stick (4 tablespoons) unsalted butter; One 15-ounce can French onion soup; Salt and pepper to taste; 2 1/2 pounds sliced white button mushrooms | INSTRUCTIONS: Melt the butter in a slow cooker on high. When the butter is melted, add the soup and season with salt and pepper. Stir the soup, then add the mushrooms. Coat the mushrooms with the soup, add the lid to the slow cooker and cook on high, stirring occasionally, for 5 hours. Remove the lid and continue to cook on high, uncovered, for 2 more hours to cook down the sauce and allow it to thicken. Continue stirring occasionally. A small amount of liquid should be present upon completion. Reduce the temperature to low or warm for serving during the party. The sauce will continue to thicken during this <END>
INPUT: Asian, caramel, sugar, cream tartar, tahini, unsalted butter, heavy cream
OUTPUT: TITLE: Salted Sesame Caramel | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup sugar; Pinch of cream of tartar (optional); 1/4 cup tahini; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 2/3 cup heavy cream; 1/4 cup toasted sesame seeds; 3/4 teaspoon kosher salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring sugar, cream of tartar, if using, and 3 tablespoons water to a boil in a medium saucepan over medium-high heat, stirring to dissolve sugar. Boil until sugar begins to caramelize in spots. Stir with a heatproof spatula (this will help sugar cook evenly) and cook, stirring occasionally, until the color of honey, 5 to 7 minutes. Reduce heat to medium-low and cook, stirring occasionally, until caramel is a deep amber color, about 5 minutes longer. Remove caramel from heat and carefully whisk in tahini and butter, then cream, sesame seeds, and salt. Let cool slightly before serving. Bring sug <END>
INPUT: butter, Bartlett pears, sugar, bourbon, Good quality ice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Caramelized Pears | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 tablespoons butter; 4 medium red and yellow Bartlett pears, pitted and quartered; 1/2 cup brown sugar; 2 tablespoons bourbon, optional; Good-quality ice cream; 4 graham crackers, crumbled | INSTRUCTIONS: A simple and elegant dessert, Chuck Hughes' caramelized pears are sure to please any crowd. Heat a large saute pan over medium heat. Melt the butter, and then add the pears, cut-side down, cooking until they are slightly golden brown, about 5 minutes. Add the brown sugar and continue cooking until caramelized, another 5 minutes. Add the bourbon, if using, and continue cooking for 5 more minutes. Divide the pears among 4 plates, garnish with a scoop of ice cream, a drizzle of the caramel sauce and crumbled graham crackers. <END>
INPUT: American, sauce, kosher salt, molasses, cinnamon, star anise
OUTPUT: TITLE: BBQ Ribs with Root Beer BBQ Sauce | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup kosher salt; 1/4 cup molasses; 10 whole cloves; 4 cinnamon sticks; 3 star anise; 2 racks St. Louis-style pork ribs, trimmed; 2 tablespoons canola oil; 1 sweet onion, such as Vidalia, finely chopped; 2 tablespoons finely grated fresh ginger; 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped; 2 teaspoons smoked Spanish paprika; 2 cups good-quality root beer; 2 cups ketchup; Scant 1/4 cup light brown sugar; 2 tablespoons molasses | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: a few handfuls hickory chips, soaked at least 1 hour For the ribs: Combine 12 cups water, the salt, molasses, cloves, cinnamon sticks and star anise in a large saucepan, bring to a boil and cook until the salt is dissolved. Remove and let cool. Put the ribs in a plastic container, pour the cooled brine over, cover and refrigerate for at least 4 hours and up to 24 hours, turning the ribs several times. Remove the ribs from the brine, rinse, pat dry and put on baking racks set over baking sheets. Refrigerate for several hours until the surface dries and forms a film. For the r <END>
INPUT: Asian, beef, soy sauce, cornstarch, flank steak tri, sherry, hoisin sauce
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spicy Tangerine Beef | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons soy sauce; 1 tablespoon cornstarch; 1 pound flank steak or tri-tip, cut in thin strips on the bias; 2 tablespoons dry sherry; 2 tablespoons hoisin sauce; 2 tablespoons honey; 1 tablespoon chili sauce; 2 tablespoons soy sauce; 1/4 cup freshly squeezed tangerine juice; 3 tablespoons canola oil; 2 tablespoons minced fresh ginger; 3 scallions, chopped; 1/4 tangerine, zested; 2 tablespoons toasted sesame seeds | INSTRUCTIONS: In a resealable plastic bag combine the soy sauce and cornstarch and mix well. Add beef, cover, and let marinate for 20 minutes in the refrigerator. Whisk together the sherry, hoisin, honey, chili sauce, soy sauce, and tangerine juice until completely combined. In large pan or wok, heat oil on high. Add the ginger and beef and cook for 2 to 3 minutes. Then add sauce mixture and cook for another 2 minutes on medium heat until sauce thickens. Serve on warm platter, garnish with scallions, tangerine zest and sesame seeds. <END>
INPUT: broccoli, butter, sweet pepper, salt, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Broccoli with Red-Pepper Butter | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 bunch broccoli, cut into florets; 3 tablespoons butter; 1 sweet red pepper, cored, seeded and cut into thin strips; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 1/8 teaspoon pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring a medium-size pot of salted water to boiling. Add broccoli; cook for 5 to 6 minutes or until tender. Drain; keep warm. Meanwhile, heat 2 tablespoons butter in medium-size nonstick skillet over medium heat. Add red pepper; reduce heat to medium-low; cook, stirring occasionally, 20 minutes. Remove from heat. Add remaining tablespoon butter, salt and pepper. Place broccoli in bowl. Pour red pepper butter over top. Serve at once. <END>
INPUT: panzanella, chardonnay vinegar, Dijon mustard, honey, virgin olive oil, Kosher salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Heirloom Tomato and Grilled Corn Panzanella with Salmon | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup chardonnay vinegar; 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard; 2 teaspoons honey; 1/2 cup extra-virgin olive oil, plus more for brushing; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 12 assorted heirloom tomatoes, cut in halves or quarters (cherry tomato varieties left whole); 8 ears corn, grilled and kernels removed; 1 English cucumber, quartered lengthwise and cut crosswise into dice; 1 small red onion, halved and thinly sliced; 1 loaf Tuscan bread, sliced 1/2 inch thick; 1 bunch fresh basil; Eight 6-ounce salmon fillets; Canola oil, for brushing | INSTRUCTIONS: Whisk together the vinegar, mustard and honey in a small bowl. Whisk in the olive oil and season with salt and pepper. Put the tomatoes, corn, cucumbers and onions in a large bowl, add half of the dressing and toss to coat; season with salt and pepper. Let sit at room temperature for at least 15 minutes. Brush the bread slices with the olive oil, season with salt and pepper and tear into pieces. Chop most of the basil leaves, reserving some whole leave for rubbing the salmon and as a garnish. Just before serving, add the bread and chopped basil to the tomato salad. Heat a charcoal or gas grill <END>
INPUT: Indian, Aarti's Tandoori Marinade, vegetable oil, honey, mixed salad greens
OUTPUT: TITLE: Aarti's Easy Tandoori Chicken | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 2 boneless, skinless chicken breasts; 2 cups Aarti's Tandoori Marinade, recipe follows, divided; 1 tablespoon vegetable oil; 1 teaspoon honey; 4 cups mixed salad greens; Olive oil, to taste; Lemon juice, to taste; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, to taste; 2 chiles de arbol; 3 tablespoons fenugreek seeds; 1 tablespoon coriander seeds; 5 cloves; Seeds from 4 green cardamom pods; Seeds from 1 black cardamom pod; 3 tablespoons paprika | INSTRUCTIONS: Toss the chicken breasts in 1 cup tandoori marinade. Cover and refrigerate for at least 2 hours, or up to overnight. In a saute pan, heat the vegetable oil, and cook the chicken for about 7 minutes per side, until cooked through. Alternately, you can also grill the chicken. Remove the chicken from the pan and pour the remaining 1 cup of marinade into the pan and bring to a gentle simmer. Stir in the honey and turn off the heat. Toss the salad greens with some olive oil, a squirt of lemon juice and salt, and pepper, to taste. Serve each chicken breast over a bed of greens and top with the heate <END>
INPUT: American, stewed, onions, mushrooms, sauerkraut, all purpose flour
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pierogies with Stewed Sauerkraut and Mushrooms | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 8 tablespoons (1 stick) butter; 2 pounds onions, sliced; 1 pound mushrooms, sliced; 1 2-pound jar sauerkraut, well drained; 1 tablespoon all purpose flour; 2/3 cup (or more) water; 2 dozen purchased frozen pierogies (such as potato-and-onion or cheese); Sour cream | INSTRUCTIONS: Melt 2 tablespoons butter in heavy large Dutch oven over medium-high heat. Add onions; sprinkle with salt and pepper. Sauté until golden brown, about 30 minutes. Add mushrooms and sauté until tender, about 10 minutes. Mix in sauerkraut and flour. Mix in 2/3 cup water. Cover pot, reduce heat to medium and simmer until sauerkraut is tender and mixture is thick, stirring occasionally and adding more water by tablespoonfuls if mixture seems dry, about 20 minutes. Mix in 2 tablespoons butter. Season generously with salt and pepper. (Can be prepared 2 days ahead. Cover and refrigerate. Rewarm over l <END>
INPUT: Italian, pesto, basil leaves, parsley leaves, Parmigiano Reggiano, pine nuts, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Potato Gnocchi with Pole Beans and Pesto | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup fresh basil leaves; 1 cup fresh parsley leaves; 1/2 cup grated Parmigiano-Reggiano; 1/4 cup pine nuts, toasted; 2 cloves garlic; Zest of 1 lemon; 1/2 cup olive oil; Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper; 1 cup halved mixed pole beans, such as haricots verts, purple green beans and Romanos (halved crosswise); 3 cups store-bought potato gnocchi; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 2 tablespoons finely minced shallots; 1 tablespoon butter; Zest and juice of 1 lemon; Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Bring a large pot of water to a boil. For the pesto: In a food processor, combine the basil, parsley, cheese, pine nuts, garlic and lemon zest and blend. With the motor running, stream in the olive oil. Season with salt and pepper. For the gnocchi with pole beans: Blanch the beans briefly in the boiling water. Remove with a slotted spoon and set aside. Add the gnocchi to the boiling water and cook to al dente according to the package directions. Drain. In a large nonstick pan, heat the olive oil over medium-high heat. Add the shallots and gnocchi and saute until  <END>
INPUT: warm, salad, wine, shallot, bay leaf, sugar, Kosher salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Warm Butter Lettuce Salad With Hazelnuts | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup dry white wine; 1 shallot, thinly sliced; 1 bay leaf; 1/4 teaspoon sugar; Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper; 4 tablespoons cold unsalted butter, cut into pieces; 2 heads butter or Bibb lettuce, leaves separated; 1/4 cup hazelnuts, toasted and chopped; 2 tablespoons coarsely chopped fines herbes (chives, parsley and chervil) | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring the wine, shallot, bay leaf, sugar, 1/2 teaspoon salt and 1/4 teaspoon pepper to a simmer in a skillet over medium-high heat; cook until reduced to about 2 tablespoons, 8 to 10 minutes. Remove from the heat and discard the bay leaf. Whisk in the butter and 1 teaspoon water until smooth. Combine the lettuce, hazelnuts and herbs in a large bowl. Add the warm dressing and toss to coat. Season with salt and pepper and serve immediately. Photograph by Kana Okada <END>
INPUT: Italian, sauce, mushroom ravioli, olive oil, shiitake mushrooms, mushrooms, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mushroom Ravioli with Mushroom Sauce | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 10 ounces mushroom ravioli, or cheese filled ravioli; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 2 ounces shiitake mushrooms, sliced; 4 ounces white mushrooms, sliced; 1 clove garlic, finely chopped; 1/4 cup brandy; 1 cup heavy cream; 1/2 teaspoon nutmeg; Salt and pepper; 1/2 cup grated Parmesan | INSTRUCTIONS: Prepare ravioli according to package directions. Heat olive oil in a skillet, Cook mushrooms until tender and stir in garlic. Add brandy and cook for 2 minutes. Stir in heavy cream and bring to a simmer. Season with nutmeg, salt and pepper. When cream has thickened stir in 1/4 cup of cheese. Stir in cooked ravioli and gently simmer for 1-2 minutes. Serve with grated Parmesan and fresh ground black pepper. <END>
INPUT: American, texas, all purpose flour, sugar, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Texas Pecan and Chocolate Pie | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup all purpose flour; 6 tablespoons (3/4 stick) unsalted butter, chilled, cut into 1/2-inch pieces; 1 tablespoon sugar; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 2 tablespoons (or more) ice water; 4 ounces bittersweet (not unsweetened) or semisweet chocolate, chopped; 2 tablespoons (1/4 stick) unsalted butter; 1/2 cup (packed) dark brown sugar; 3 large eggs; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 3/4 cup light corn syrup; 1 1/2 cups pecan pieces, lightly toasted | INSTRUCTIONS: For crust: Combine first 4 ingredients in processor. Using on/off turns, process until mixture resembles coarse crumbs. Drizzle 2 tablespoons ice water over mixture. Process just until moist clumps form, adding more water by teaspoonfuls if mixture is dry. Gather dough into ball. Flatten into disk. Wrap dough in plastic and refrigerate 30 minutes. (Can be prepared 1 day ahead. Keep refrigerated.) Preheat oven to 325°F. Roll out dough on floured surface to 13-inch round. Transfer to 9-inch-diameter glass pie dish. Trim overhang to 1 inch; fold under and crimp decoratively. Set aside. Combine fi <END>
INPUT: steaks, sugar, cinnamon, smoked ham, Lettuce
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Ham Steaks with Sauteed Sweet Potatoes, Corn and Caramelized Apples | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup brown sugar; 2 tablespoons ground cinnamon; 1 whole smoked ham, sliced; 1 (12-ounce) can pineapple chunks; Lettuce, for garnish; Sauteed Sweet Potatoes and Corn, recipe follows; Caramelized Apples, recipe follows; 1 sweet potato; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 2 tablespoons fresh rosemary leaves, minced; 2 ears corn; 1 green bell pepper; 1 red bell pepper; 4 red apples, sliced into wedges; 2 tablespoons butter | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine the brown sugar and cinnamon in a small bowl. Sprinkle the sugar mixture over the ham slices to coat all of the pieces. Heat a large grill pan over medium-high heat. Drain the pineapple chunks from the juice in the can. Add the ham and the pineapple chunks to the hot pan, and cook for approximately 20 minutes, or until the slices are golden brown. Reserve the liquid in the pan for the Sauteed Sweet Potatoes and Corn. Serve over lettuce with the Sauteed Sweet Potatoes, Corn, and Caramelized Apples. Bring a medium-sized pot of water to a boil. Peel and cut the sweet potato into small chu <END>
INPUT: Mexican, flaky sea salt, chipotle chili powder, Zest limes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chipotle-Lime Salt | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons flaky sea salt; 1 teaspoon chipotle chili powder; Zest of 2 limes | INSTRUCTIONS: Toss 2 tablespoons flaky sea salt and 1 teaspoon chipotle chili powder on a baking sheet. Finely zest 2 limes over. Bake in a 350°F oven, stirring occasionally, until lime zest is dry, about 5 minutes. Let cool. Toss 2 tablespoons flaky sea salt and 1 teaspoon chipotle chili powder on a baking sheet. Finely zest 2 limes over. Bake in a 350°F oven, stirring occasionally, until lime zest is dry, about 5 minutes. Let cool. <END>
INPUT: kosher salt, water, trout filets
OUTPUT: TITLE: Hot Smoked Trout | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup kosher salt; 1 quart water; 2 pounds trout filets, 3 to 5 ounces each, skin on, pin bones removed | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine the salt and water in a 4-quart container and stir until the salt has dissolved, 1 to 2 minutes. Add the trout filets, making sure they are submerged. Cover and refrigerate for 3 hours. Remove the trout from the brine, rinse thoroughly, and pat dry. Place the trout, skin side down onto a cooling rack set in a half sheet pan. Dry in the refrigerator 21 to 24 hours or until the skin becomes shiny and somewhat tacky to the touch. The next day, turn the smoker on so that it maintains a temperature of 150 to 160 degrees F. Place the trout onto smoking racks, skin side down, separating them  <END>
INPUT: Italian, white, tiramisu, sour cream, buttermilk, vanilla extract, almond extract, eggs
OUTPUT: TITLE: White Almond Tiramisu Cake with Swiss Meringue Buttercream | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup sour cream; 1/3 cup buttermilk; 2 teaspoons vanilla extract; 1 teaspoon almond extract; 3 large eggs; 2 1/2 cups cake flour; 1 1/2 cups granulated sugar; 2 1/2 teaspoons baking powder; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1 1/2 sticks unsalted butter, cut into tablespoon-size pieces; 1/3 cup granulated sugar; 1/3 cup water; 2 tablespoons espresso powder; 2 tablespoons coffee liqueur; 1 cup mascarpone | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: a piping bag fitted with a large round tip. For the cake: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Grease and flour three 6-inch round cake pans. Whisk together the sour cream, buttermilk, vanilla extract, almond extract and eggs in a small bowl until well blended; set aside. In the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with a paddle attachment (or a large mixing bowl if using a hand mixer), add the cake flour, granulated sugar, baking powder and salt. Mix on low speed to combine, 30 seconds. With the mixer on medium speed, slowly add the butter a few pieces at a time. Beat until the dry i <END>
INPUT: Mexican, butter, lime, jalapeno, garlic, sweet paprika
OUTPUT: TITLE: Jalapeno-Lime Corn on The Cob | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 stick butter; 1 lime, juiced and zested; 1 small jalapeno, seeded; 1 clove garlic; 1 teaspoon sweet paprika; 6 ears corn on the cob, husked; 1 slice bread, of any kind; Coarse salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Combine butter, lime, jalapeno, garlic and paprika in food processor and pulse process until smooth. Place on waxed paper or plastic and roll. Place in freezer until ready to serve. Cook corn by boiling, steaming or grilling. Cut disks of butter and rub onto corn, nesting the butter in a slice of bread to apply it to the hot corn. Season ears with salt (and fight over the hot buttered bread slice!) <END>
INPUT: Italian, grandmother, olive oil, onion, garlic, beef, parsley
OUTPUT: TITLE: My Grandmother's Spaghetti | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon olive oil; 1 large onion, finely chopped; 1 garlic clove, minced; 2 pounds lean ground beef; 1 tablespoon minced fresh parsley or 1 teaspoon, crumbled; 2 bay leaves; 1 tablespoon dried basil, crumbled; 1 28-ounce can Italian plum tomatoes, undrained; 3 1/2 cups water; 2 8-ounce cans tomato sauce; 1 6-ounce can tomato paste; 1 pound spaghetti; Freshly grated Parmesan cheese | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat oil in heavy large Dutch oven over medium heat. Add onion and garlic and sauté until onion is translucent, about 4 minutes. Add ground beef and cook until brown, breaking up with fork, about 8 minutes. Drain drippings from Dutch oven. Mix parsley, bay leaves and basil into beef and cook 2 minutes. Stir in tomatoes, water, tomato sauce and tomato paste. Simmer until reduced to sauce consistency, breaking up tomatoes with spoon, about 2 hours. Season with salt and pepper. (Can be prepared 2 days ahead. Cover and chill. Rewarm sauce over medium-low heat before using.) Cook spaghetti in large <END>
INPUT: American, paula, Chocolate ice cream, Double Chocolate Ooey, Cookie crumbs, Handful nuts, Hot fudge
OUTPUT: TITLE: Paula's Double Chocolate Ooey Gooey Butter Cake Ice Cream | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: Chocolate ice cream; 1 recipe Double Chocolate Ooey Gooey Butter Cake, recipe follows; Cookie crumbs, your choice; Handful of nuts, preferably pecans; Hot fudge; Butter, for greasing pan, plus 16 tablespoons (2 sticks) butter, melted, divided; 1 (18.25-ounce) package chocolate cake mix; 3 eggs, divided; 1 (8-ounce) package cream cheese, softened; 3 to 4 tablespoons cocoa powder; 1 (16-ounce) box powdered sugar; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; 1 cup chopped nuts | INSTRUCTIONS: Cut Ooey Gooey Butter Cake into bite-sized pieces, adding it to chocolate ice cream.Crumble your choice of cookies and add to the ice cream while adding your choice of nuts. Add hot fudge to your desire and mix together. Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Lightly butter a 13 by 9-inch baking pan. In a large bowl, combine the cake mix, 1 egg, and 8 tablespoons (1 stick) melted butter, and stir until well blended. Pat mixture into prepared pan and set aside. In a stand mixer, or with a hand mixer, beat the cream cheese until smooth. Add the remaining 2 eggs, and the cocoa powder. Lower the speed of  <END>
INPUT: Mexican, olive oil, garlic, tomatillos, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tangy Tomatillo Shrimp | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons olive oil; 1 pound (about 3 to 4) fresh poblano chiles, seeded, ribs removed and roughly chopped; 6 garlic cloves, finely minced; 1 pound tomatillos, husked, rinsed and quartered; 1 1/2 teaspoons salt, plus extra for the shrimp; 3 tablespoons unsalted butter; 2 pounds large shrimp, peeled and deveined; Freshly ground pepper; 4 cups fresh cilantro leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat the olive oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat for 1 minute. Add the chopped chiles and 1/2 of the garlic and cook until the peppers start to soften, about 5 minutes. Add the tomatillos and 1 1/2 teaspoons of salt, reduce the heat to medium-low and cook until the tomatillos begin to break down and release some liquid, about 10 minutes, stirring occasionally. Transfer the tomatillo sauce to your blender, puree, and set aside. Melt the butter in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Add the shrimp, season them with some salt and pepper and the remaining chopped garlic. Cook until t <END>
INPUT: Italian, risotto, butter olive oil, leeks onions, Italian herb blend, pepper flakes, arborio rice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Risotto with Tomatoes, Olives, Smoked Mozzarella | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon butter or olive oil; 1 cup thinly sliced leeks or finely chopped onions; 1 1/2 teaspoons Italian herb blend; 1/4 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, or to taste; 1 1/2 cups arborio rice; 1/2 cup dry white wine; 1 can (15-ounce) diced tomatoes, or plum tomatoes, coarsely chopped, with liquid; 2 1/2 cups chicken or vegetable broth; 1/2 cup pitted Kalamata or other Mediterranean black olives, pitted and halved; 6 ounces smoked mozzarella, shredded; 1/2 cup Sicilian or other good quality green olives, pitted and coarsely chopped; 1 cup loosely packed fresh parsley leaves; Salt to taste | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat the butter in pressure cooker over medium-high heat. When it begins to foam, add the leeks, herbs, and crushed red pepper and cook, stirring frequently, for 1 minute. Stir in the rice and coat it with the butter. Add the wine and cook over high heat, stirring, until it evaporates, about 1 minute. Add the tomatoes, broth and black olives. Lock the lid in place. Over high heat, bring to high pressure. Lower the heat to maintain high pressure and cook for 4 minutes. Quick-release the pressure by setting the cooker under cold running water. Remove the lid, tilting it away from you to allow an <END>
INPUT: jerk seasoning paste, vegetable oil, cocktail onions, cilantro leaves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Jerk Beef on Plantain Chips | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 (4-inch-long) piece center-cut beef tenderloin; 2 teaspoons jerk seasoning paste; 1 tablespoon vegetable oil; 3 tablespoons cocktail onions, rinsed; 1/3 cup packed cilantro leaves; 24 store-bought plantain chips | INSTRUCTIONS: Quarter beef lengthwise and pat dry. Season with 1/4 teaspoon salt and rub jerk paste all over beef. Heat oil in a medium nonstick skillet over medium-high heat until it shimmers. Add beef and sear, turning, 4 to 5 minutes total. Let rest on a cutting board 5 minutes. Cut crosswise into 1/2-inch-thick slices. Finely chop onions and cilantro together. Top plantain chips with beef, then with onion salsa. Quarter beef lengthwise and pat dry. Season with 1/4 teaspoon salt and rub jerk paste all over beef. Heat oil in a medium nonstick skillet over medium-high heat until it shimmers. Add beef and s <END>
INPUT: potee, vegetables, slab bacon, pork shoulder, carrots, turnips, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Potee of Bacon, Beans and Vegetables | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound fresh slab bacon; 3-pound pork shoulder; 3 carrots, quartered; 4 turnips, quartered; 1 large onion, studded with 3 cloves; 1 pound leeks, trimmed, split and cut into 2-inch lengths; A cheesecloth bag containing 12 parsley sprigs, 1 bay leaf, 1 sprig fresh thyme or 1 teaspoon dried and 12 peppercorns; 2 ounces soaked white beans; 1 pound garlic sausage, pricked; 1 head Savoy cabbage, cored and blanched for 10 minutes; 1 1/2 pounds boiling potatoes, quartered | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large casserole combine bacon, pork shoulder with enough water to cover. Bring to a boil and simmer 5 minutes. Drain. In a "potee" or casserole combine blanched bacon and pork with carrots, turnips, onion, leek, cheesecloth bag, beans and enough water to cover. Bring to a boil and simmer, covered, 1 1/2 hours. Add sausage, potatoes, cabbage, salt and pepper and simmer, covered, 1 hour more, or until vegetables and meat are tender. Transfer meat and vegetables to a platter. Discard cheesecloth bag. Reduce broth until well flavored and return meat and vegetables to casserole. Bring to a sim <END>
INPUT: Italian, good quality marinara, balsamic vinegar, panko breadcrumbs, Parmesan, flat leaf parsley
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lighter Chicken Parmesan | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: One 24-ounce jar good-quality marinara sauce; 1 tablespoon balsamic vinegar; 1/2 cup panko breadcrumbs; 1/2 cup grated Parmesan; 1/4 cup finely chopped fresh flat-leaf parsley; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 large egg whites, lightly beaten; 1 1/2 pounds chicken tenders; 12 ounces whole-wheat angel hair pasta; 1 tablespoon olive oil; 1/2 cup shredded fresh mozzarella | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the broiler to medium. Bring a large pot of water to a boil. Combine the marinara sauce and balsamic vinegar in a small saucepan and bring to a boil over high heat. Reduce the heat and simmer for 5 minutes. Meanwhile, in a shallow dish, combine the breadcrumbs, half the Parmesan, half the parsley and some salt and pepper. Put the beaten egg whites in a separate shallow dish. Coat the chicken tenders in the egg whites first, then dredge in the breadcrumb mixture. Add the pasta to the boiling water and cook according to the package instructions. Heat the oil in a large ovenproof nonstick <END>
INPUT: Indian, club, slab bacon, mayonnaise, lemon juice, garlic, turmeric
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tuna Club and Peppers | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 8 thick slices slab bacon; 1/2 cup mayonnaise; 1 to 2 tablespoons lemon juice; 1/2 teaspoon minced garlic; Pinch turmeric; 1/4 teaspoon ground cumin; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 6 slices brioche or egg bread or good quality multi-grain bread; 8 ounces fresh tuna; 1/2 cup julienned roasted red or yellow bell peppers (fresh or from jar); 2 cups washed and dried fresh arugula leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: Start to cook the bacon so that it becomes crisp. Meanwhile combine the mayonnaise with lemon juice, garlic, turmeric and ground cumin and season to taste with salt and pepper. Pan grill the bread, just until dried out or toasted; pan grill the tuna, only 3 minutes a side, or until rare. Remove bacon to paper towels to drain. To assemble, spread each slice of bread with mayonnaise, on one side only. Slice the tuna into thin diagonal pieces. Set some arugula on bottom of bread, then top with bacon, peppers and tuna and bread, mayonnaise side down; repeat and finish with third slice of bread; re <END>
INPUT: Italian, wine, dozen littleneck clams, dozen mussels, olive oil, anchovy fillets
OUTPUT: TITLE: Linguine and Clams | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup white wine; 3 dozen littleneck clams, scrubbed well; 1 dozen mussels, scrubbed well; 1/4 cup olive oil; 2 anchovy fillets, chopped; 1/4 cup breadcrumbs; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 pound dried linguine; Kosher salt; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 4 cloves garlic, finely chopped to a paste; Pinch red chile flakes; 2 tablespoons cold unsalted butter, cut into pieces; 2 tablespoons creme fraiche; 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh basil | INSTRUCTIONS: For the broth: Bring the wine and 1 cup water to a boil in a stockpot over high heat. Add the clams and cook until opened, about 5 minutes. Remove clams with a slotted spoon to a bowl. Discard any clams that do not open. When cool enough to handle, remove the clams from the shell and coarsely chop. Bring the broth back to a boil, add the mussels and cook until the mussels open, discarding any that do not open. These mussels are added just to flavor the stock. After you remove them, eat them or reserve for another use (remove from the shell, store in a container with a tight fitting lid and ref <END>
INPUT: American, burnt, ends, beef brisket, Favorite spice rub, Favorite BBQ sauce, Serving combined beans
OUTPUT: TITLE: Arthur Bryant's Burnt Ends | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: One 8- to 10-pound beef brisket; Favorite spice rub; Favorite BBQ sauce (recommended: Arthur Bryant's Rich and Spicy Sauce); Serving suggestions: combined with baked beans or served on a sandwich | INSTRUCTIONS: Prepare smoker for cooking, heating to 180 to 200 degrees F. Season brisket with spice rub on both sides and then place in smoker. Smoke for 8 hours. Remove brisket to a platter and leave smoker on. Cut burnt ends (blackened portion) from lean section of smoked brisket and then chop into cubes. Place chopped pieces in a large pan with holes. Smoke for 1 1/2 hours, or until dried out. Remove pan from smoker and transfer brisket cubes to a large pan without any holes. Stir in favorite BBQ sauce, and then return to the smoker for an additional 1 1/2 hours. Burnt ends may be combined with baked be <END>
INPUT: American, mascarpone, cream cheese, powdered sugar, cake, butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sweet Grilled Cheese | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 8 ounces mascarpone, softened; 4 ounces cream cheese, softened; 1/2 cup powdered sugar; 12 slices pound cake, 1/4-inch thick; 3 tablespoons butter, melted | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat a grill pan over medium heat. In a medium-sized bowl add the mascarpone and cream cheese. Using an electric mixer on medium speed, beat the cheeses until combined. Slowly add the powdered sugar, while mixing, until well incorporated and fluffy. Set aside. Lay out the 12 slices of pound cake on a work surface. Spread a liberal amount of the cream mixture on 6 slices and cover with the remaining 6 slices. Spread each side of the sandwiches with a little butter. Put them on the hot grill pan and cook for 2 to 3 minutes on each side. Remove them to a cutting board. Slice each sandwich, dia <END>
INPUT: all purpose flour, Kosher salt pepper, antelope stew meat, butter, port wine
OUTPUT: TITLE: Antelope Stew | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup all-purpose flour; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 pounds antelope stew meat or sirloin, but into 1/2-inch cubes; 7 tablespoons butter, divided; 5 cups port or red wine, divided; 2 cups beef stock or bouillon; 4 sprigs thyme; 2 tablespoons minced garlic; 3 bay leaves; 1/2 tablespoon minced rosemary leaves; 1 1/2 pounds potatoes, quartered; 1 large onion, roughly chopped; 4 carrots, peeled and roughly chopped; 4 celery ribs, roughly chopped; 1/2 cup tomato paste | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large bowl, add the flour and season with 1 teaspoon of salt and pepper, to taste. Add the antelope and toss to coat well. Melt 3 tablespoons butter in a heavy bottom pot over medium-high heat and add the antelope. Saute the antelope until browned, stirring throughout the cooking process. After browning, deglaze with 4 cups of port or red wine, then add the stock, thyme, garlic, bay leaves, rosemary and potatoes. Reduce the heat to medium, cover and simmer until the meat is tender, about 40 to 50 minutes. In separate pan, over medium heat, add remaining butter, the onion, carrots, and cel <END>
INPUT: wings, collard greens, onions, garlic, vegetable oil, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Collard Greens with Smoked Turkey Wings | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 5 pounds collard greens, cleaned and stems removed; 2 white onions, diced; 6 cloves garlic, minced; 1 1/2 tablespoons vegetable oil; 1 teaspoon crushed red pepper; 1 smoked turkey wing; 2 cups chicken stock; Salt and pepper; 1/4 cup cider vinegar | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Saute onions and garlic in oil until soft and add turkey wing. Add chicken stock and chopped or torn greens. As greens cook down, add water as needed and season with salt, pepper and crushed red pepper. Cook until tender, about 45 minutes. Serve with vinegar on the side. <END>
INPUT: limoncello, kumquats, sugar, grain alcohol
OUTPUT: TITLE: Kumquat Limoncello | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 pints kumquats; 3 cups sugar; 1 liter grain alcohol, such as Everclear | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: four 18-ounce wide-mouthed jars Wash the kumquats well under hot water. Slice each in half and remove any seeds with the tip of a paring knife. In a medium saucepan, bring 3 cups water to a full boil, then add the kumquats and sugar. Stir well and simmer over medium-low heat until the kumquats begin to look semi-translucent and the mixture is the consistency of maple syrup, about 15 minutes. Divide the candied kumquats among four 18-ounce wide-mouthed jars. Divide the grain alcohol among them to fill. Refrigerate for at least 2 weeks, but ideally 1 month. (The longer the liq <END>
INPUT: tart, warm, milk, heavy cream, vanilla bean, sugar, egg yolks
OUTPUT: TITLE: Apple Banana Tart with Warm Maple Syrup | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup milk; 1/2 cup heavy cream; 1 vanilla bean, or vanilla extract, to taste (approximately 1 teaspoon); 1/4 cup sugar; 4 egg yolks; 4 Granny Smith apples, peeled, cored and chopped; 4 bananas, chopped; 1/4 cup (1/2 stick) butter; 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1 lime, juiced; 1/2 cup oatmeal; 1/4 cup all-purpose flour; 1/4 cup sugar; 1/2 cup (1 stick) unsalted butter; 1 prepared 10-inch pie crust | INSTRUCTIONS: In a medium saucepan, heat the milk, heavy cream, vanilla bean or extract, and half the sugar to a simmer (just below a boil). In a small bowl whisk together the egg yolks and the rest of the sugar and temper it by adding a small amount of the heated milk mixture to the bowl while whisking constantly (known as a liaison). Now pour the liaison (egg mixture) into the milk pot, stirring constantly. You are only heating it. Do not boil. Do not cook. The idea is to avoid making scrambled eggs! Continue cooking on medium heat until the mixture begins to thicken so it will coat the back of a spoon, a <END>
INPUT: Asian, cookies, all purpose flour, ginger, baking powder, salt, unsalted butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Ginger Sugar Cookies | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 2 1/4 cups all-purpose flour, plus more for dusting; 3/4 teaspoon ground ginger; 3/4 teaspoon baking powder; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 2 sticks unsalted butter, at room temperature; 3/4 cup granulated sugar; 1 large egg; 1 1-pound box confectioners¿ sugar; 2 tablespoons meringue powder; 5 to 6 tablespoons water; Assorted food coloring (optional); Nonpareils, for decorating | INSTRUCTIONS: Make the cookies: Sift together the flour, ginger, baking powder and salt in a medium bowl. Beat the butter and granulated sugar in a large bowl with a mixer on medium-high speed until light and fluffy, about 5 minutes. Add the egg and beat until combined. Reduce the mixer speed to low; add the flour mixture in 2 batches and beat until just incorporated. Divide the dough between 2 sheets of plastic wrap; shape each into a disk. Wrap and refrigerate until firm, at least 4 hours. Line 2 baking sheets with parchment paper. Working with 1 piece at a time, lightly flour the dough and roll out until <END>
INPUT: Kosher salt pepper, garlic, lemon, Spanish onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Garlic Roast Chicken | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 (5 to 6-pound) roasting chicken; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 heads garlic, cut in 1/2 crosswise; 1 lemon, halved; 1/2 large Spanish onion, thickly sliced; 4 carrots cut diagonally into 2-inch chunks; 2 large Yukon gold potatoes, cut into 6 pieces; 4 tablespoons butter, melted | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. As soon as you get the chicken home, salt it inside and out, wrap it and keep it in the refrigerator for up to 2 days. When you are ready to cook the chicken, first preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Pat the outside of the chicken dry with paper towels. Liberally salt and pepper the inside of the chicken and stuff the cavity with the all the garlic and lemon. Tie the legs together with kitchen string and tuck the wing tips under the body of the chicken. Place it in a roasting pan just large enough to hold it and the vegetables. Scatter the onion slices, carrots a <END>
INPUT: Italian, risotto, mixed wild mushrooms, chicken stock, water, virgin olive oil, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Wild Mushroom Broken Spaghetti Risotto with Arugula and Hazelnuts | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 package dried mixed wild mushrooms or porcini mushrooms; 1 quart chicken stock; 2 cups water; 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, plus a drizzle; 1 medium onion, finely chopped; 2 large cloves garlic, grated or finely chopped; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 pound spaghetti, broken into small pieces; 1/2 cup dry white wine; 3/4 cup hazelnuts; 2 tablespoons butter; 3/4 cup Parmigiano-Reggiano, a few handfuls; 4 cups arugula; 1/2 lemon, juiced | INSTRUCTIONS: Place mushrooms, stock and water in a sauce pot and heat, keep warm on low. Heat a medium saute pan or risotto pan with 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, 3 turns of the pan, over medium to medium-high heat. Add onions and garlic to pan, season with salt and pepper, to taste, and saute until tender 4 to 5 minutes. Add pasta and toast until deeply golden in color and very nutty in fragrance, 6 to 7 minutes. Stir in wine and let it cook away, 1 minute. Ladle in stock every few minutes, stirring for a good minute with each addition of stock to develop starches. Evaporate almost all of the liqu <END>
INPUT: crisp, peaches, lemon, all purpose flour, tightly sugar, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Peach Crisp | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 5 large ripe peaches, pitted and cut into chunks; 1 lemon, zested and juiced; 3 tablespoons all-purpose flour; 1/4 cup tightly packed brown sugar; 2 tablespoons sugar; 1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract; 1/2 cup golden raisins; Pinch kosher salt; 1 1/4 cups all-purpose flour; 1/2 cup rolled oats; 1/2 cup brown sugar; 1/2 cup sugar; 1 1/4 stick cold unsalted butter, cut into pea sized pieces; 1/2 cup sliced almonds; Pinch kosher salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. For the filling: Toss the peaches in a large bowl with the zest and lemon juice. Add the rest of the ingredients and stir to combine. Divide the filling evenly between the ramekins. For the topping: Combine all of the ingredients in a food processor except the water. Pulse until combined, this will take about 30 seconds. Add water, 1 tablespoon at a time until mixture is clumpy but crumbly. Top each ramekin with the topping. Be sure to loosely sprinkle the topping and not pack it down. The idea is to look very crumbly and craggy <END>
INPUT: romesco, Nyora chiles, bell peppers, virgin olive oil, hazelnuts, fine breadcrumbs
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sautéed Shrimp and Hazelnut Romesco | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 8 Nyora chiles; 2 large red bell peppers; 3/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil plus 2 tablespoons; 1/2 cup raw hazelnuts; 2 tablespoons fine breadcrumbs; 2 cloves garlic, coarsely chopped; 1 medium tomato, peeled and seeded; 2 tablespoons sherry vinegar; Coarse salt and freshly ground black pepper; 16 extra-large shrimp, shelled, deveined, and rinsed; 1/4 cup fresh flat-leaf parsley, finely chopped, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. Snap the stems from the Nyora peppers. Shake out and discard the seeds. Put the Nyoras in a heatproof bowl and cover with 2 cups boiling water. Set a small plate on top to keep the peppers submerged and let sit until softened, about 20 minutes. Discard the soaking liquid. Set the peppers aside. 2. Roast the red bell peppers: On the stovetop, hold the peppers with tongs over an open burner, turning them until they're blackened uniformly, about 3 to 5 minutes. (Alternatively, put the peppers on a baking sheet and roast in the oven at 450°F until the skins become brown and loosen, about 30 min <END>
INPUT: American, island, lime, orange juice, rice wine vinegar, garlic, orange marmalade
OUTPUT: TITLE: Island Shrimp and Macaroni | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 lime; 2 tablespoons orange juice; 2 tablespoons rice wine vinegar; 1 medium clove garlic, minced; 2 tablespoons to 4 tablespoons orange marmalade; 1 cup extra virgin olive oil; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 1/8 teaspoon black pepper; 1 fresh pineapple, topped and skinned, cut lengthwise away from core, and diced small; 1 jicama, peeled and cut brunoise (julienne then crosswise into 1/8 inch pieces); 1 small red onion, chopped; 1/4 cup, chopped fresh cilantro leaves; 1 jalapeno pepper, seeds and stems removed and minced (use gloves and protect your eyes and nose when handling all hot peppers); 1 pound dried elbow macaroni; 1 1/2 pounds (21 to 30 size) deveined shrimp with shells and tails removed (you can use larger or smaller shrimp, but this size is easy to clean and s | INSTRUCTIONS: Prepare the dressing for this dish. Microwave lime in a small bowl for about 30 seconds to release essential oils, and set aside until it is just cool enough to handle. Through the feed tube of a running blender add, 1 at a time, orange juice, rice wine vinegar, garlic, 2 tablespoons of the orange marmalade, to taste, (you will use the rest if, after you taste it, you decide it needs to be sweetened) and the juice from the now slightly cooled lime. With the blender still running, add the olive oil in a slow stream. Adjust flavor to your liking with additional orange marmalade, if necessary, an <END>
INPUT: Mexican, fajitas, crunchy, olive oil, garlic, chili powder, chicken breast halves, bell pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken Fajitas with Crunchy Lime Cabbage and Avocado | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 6 tablespoons olive oil, divided, plus additional for griddle; 2 garlic cloves, minced; 1 tablespoon chili powder; 2 pounds skinless boneless chicken breast halves, cut crosswise into 1/2-inch-thick slices; 1 large red bell pepper, cut into 3/4-inch-thick strips; 1 large red onion, halved, sliced lengthwise; 3 cups thinly sliced red cabbage; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro; 2 tablespoons fresh lime juice; 2 teaspoons finely grated lime peel; 6 to 8 fajita-size flour tortillas; 1 avocado, halved, pitted, sliced | INSTRUCTIONS: Whisk 3 tablespoons olive oil, garlic, and chili powder in large bowl. Add chicken, bell pepper, and onion. Sprinkle with salt and pepper. Toss to coat. Let stand 1 hour at room temperature or chill up to 4 hours. Toss red cabbage, cilantro, lime juice, lime peel, and 3 tablespoons olive oil in medium bowl. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Preheat oven to 350°F. Wrap tortillas in foil and place in oven until heated through, about 15 minutes. Meanwhile, place large griddle over 2 burners and heat over medium-high heat. Brush griddle with olive oil. Spread chicken on griddle and cook until  <END>
INPUT: American, Two packages goat, dill, Crackers
OUTPUT: TITLE: Goat Cheese with Fresh Dill | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: Two 11-ounce packages fresh goat cheese; 6 tablespoons fresh dill, more if needed; Crackers, for serving | INSTRUCTIONS: Place the packages of goat cheese into the freezer to slightly harden, about 15 minutes. Finely chop the dill and spread it out a bit on the cutting board to let it dry for a few minutes. Remove the goat cheese from the packaging. Gently roll it over the fresh dill, coating it almost completely. It should look lovely and "mossy." Carefully wrap the roll snugly in plastic wrap and chill until it's time to serve. Serve with crackers. <END>
INPUT: daiquiri, mango, ice, rum, lime juice, coconut cream
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mango and Coconut Daiquiri | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup mango, largely diced; 1 cup ice; 2 ounces white rum; 2 tablespoons fresh lime juice; 2 tablespoons coconut cream; 1 teaspoon sugar; Coconut shavings, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Blend the mango, ice, rum, lime juice, coconut cream and sugar in a blender, and process until smooth. Garnish with coconut shavings. <END>
INPUT: salad, cantaloupe, honey, handful mint
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cantaloupe Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cantaloupe, sliced into wedges; 1 tablespoon honey; 1 (1-inch) piece fresh ginger, peeled and finely grated into a small bowl; Small handful fresh mint, leaves torn | INSTRUCTIONS: Arrange cantaloupe slices on a serving platter. Drizzle with honey. Press the grated ginger firmly down into the bowl and then tilt bowl to 1 side to release juices, drizzling ginger juice over cantaloupe. Top with freshly torn mint and serve. <END>
INPUT: dumplings, size potatoes, eggs, sifted flour, salt, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Potato Dumplings | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 medium-size potatoes, boiled in their skins; 2 eggs, lightly beaten; 2/3 cup sifted flour; 2 teaspoons salt; 1/4 teaspoon white pepper; 1/2 teaspoon nutmeg (optional) | INSTRUCTIONS: When cool enough to handle, peel and mash or rice the potatoes. Beat in all the remaining ingredients. Shape into 1 or 2-inch balls. Drop into just boiling, salted water and cook for 7 to 10 minutes. Drain. Serve with sauerbraten.; <END>
INPUT: sugar, water, cranberries
OUTPUT: TITLE: Candied Cranberries | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup sugar; 2 tablespoons water; 1/2 cup cranberries | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook 1/2 cup sugar and 2 tablespoons water in heavy small saucepan over low heat, stirring until sugar dissolves. Transfer to top of double boiler. Add cranberries. Cover berry mixture and place over simmering water. Cook 45 minutes, stirring occasionally. Remove from over water. Let cranberry mixture stand at room temperature overnight. Place remaining 1/2 cup sugar on plate. Drain cranberries well. Add to sugar and turn to coat. Let dry at least 30 minutes. (Can be prepared 3 days ahead. Cover and refrigerate.) Cook 1/2 cup sugar and 2 tablespoons water in heavy small saucepan over low heat, <END>
INPUT: broccoli rabe, cherry tomatoes, shallots, Olive oil, Kosher salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Broccoli Rabe | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 large bunch broccoli rabe, trimmed and cut into 1 1/2-inch pieces; 1 pint cherry tomatoes; 2 shallots, sliced; Olive oil; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Toss the broccoli rabe, tomatoes and shallots in enough olive oil to thoroughly coat. Sprinkle with some salt and pepper. Spread the vegetables onto 2 large baking sheets (avoid crowding the sheets). Roast until the tomatoes have burst and the broccoli rabe is browned around the edges and cooked through, about 25 minutes. Transfer to a platter or large bowl to serve. <END>
INPUT: wrapped, olive oil, shallots, cremini mushrooms, baby spinach leaves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Puff Pastry-Wrapped Salmon | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Nonstick cooking spray, for spraying the foil; 2 teaspoons olive oil; 2 medium shallots, finely chopped; 9 ounces cremini mushrooms, sliced into 1/4-inch-thick slices; 5 ounces baby spinach leaves; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; All-purpose flour, for rolling out the pastry; 2 sheets frozen puff pastry, thawed; 1 large egg, beaten; One 2-pound side of salmon fillet, skinless; 2/3 cup clam juice; 3/4 cup Mexican crema; 1/2 cup heavy cream; 2 teaspoons all-purpose flour; 3 tablespoons minced fresh dill | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. For the salmon: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with foil and spray with nonstick cooking spray. Heat the oil in a heavy saute pan over medium-high heat. Add the shallots and cook until translucent and fragrant, about 2 minutes. Add the mushrooms and cook until the liquid evaporates, about 3 minutes. Add the spinach and wilt for 4 minutes. Season the mixture with salt and pepper. Let cool. Dust a flat working surface with flour. Using a rolling pin, roll out the sheets of puff pastry into 1/4-inch thickness (each 12 by 12 inches). Put the p <END>
INPUT: French, salad, vinaigrette, Dijon mustard, wine vinegar, shallots, virgin olive oil, Salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Endive Salad with Pears, Roquefort and Walnuts and Dijon Vinaigrette | CUISINE: French | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard; 1-ounce red wine vinegar; 1 teaspoon minced shallots; 2 ounces extra virgin olive oil; Salt and pepper, to taste; 6 endives, center removed and julienned; 2 pears, cored and cut into medium dice; 3 ounces shelled walnuts; 3 ounces crumbled Roquefort cheese | INSTRUCTIONS: To prepare vinaigrette, whisk together mustard and vinegar until well incorporated, add shallots and while whisking constantly slowly add the olive oil until all is emulsified into the mustard. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Set aside until needed. Combine the endives, pears, walnuts and Roquefort cheese in a medium bowl and toss. Place mixture in the middle of a plate and drizzle with vinaigrette. Serve immediately. <END>
INPUT: spring, yellow, chicken stock, turmeric, salt, rice, butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spring Carrots with Yellow Rice | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/3 cups chicken stock; 1/8 teaspoon ground turmeric; Pinch of salt; 2/3 cup rice; 3 tablespoons butter; 1 medium onion, minced; 1 pound carrots, peeled and cut into 1/4-inch julienne; 2 teaspoons fresh marjoram leaves or 1/2 teaspoon dried, crumbled; 1/4 teaspoon dried Italian or Greek oregano, crumbled; 1 tablespoon wine vinegar; 1/2 teaspoon sugar; Pinch of cinnamon; 1/2 cup chicken stock or water; 2 teaspoons minced fresh parsley | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine 1 1/3 cups stock with turmeric and salt in heavy 2-quart saucepan and bring to boil over high heat. Add rice, reduce heat to low, cover and cook until liquid is absorbed, about 25 minutes. Remove from heat and fluff with fork. Cover and keep warm. Melt butter in heavy large skillet over low heat. Add onion, cover and cook until softened, about 10 minutes, stirring occasionally. Blend in carrots, increase heat to medium-low and cook uncovered 5 minutes. Add marjoram and oregano and cook 5 minutes, stirring frequently. Stir in vinegar, sugar and cinnamon and cook several minutes to blend <END>
INPUT: straw, Salt, Idaho potatoes, fettucini papardelle pasta, Savoy cabbage, butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cabbage and Straw | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Salt; 2 Idaho potatoes, peeled and cut into 1/2-inch dice; 1 pound fettucini or papardelle pasta; 1 small head Savoy cabbage, quartered, cored and thinly shredded; 1 stick butter, cut into pieces; 3 to 4 cloves garlic, cracked from skin and halved; 16 sage leaves, 6 left whole, 10 thinly sliced; 1 teaspoon coarse black pepper; 1 1/2 to 2 cups grated Romano | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring a large pot of water to a boil and salt it. Add potatoes and cook 7 minutes. Add the pasta and cook 2 minutes, then stir in cabbage and cook 5 minutes longer. While the potatoes and pasta cook, melt butter in a large, deep skillet over medium heat and add garlic and 6 whole sage leaves. Cook 3 to 4 minutes; remove the garlic and whole leaves (reserve the leaves for ganish), then add sliced leaves and the black pepper. Just before draining the pasta and cabbage, add 2 ladles of starchy cooking water to the skillet. Drain the potatoes, pasta and cabbage and add to butter and sage. Toss to  <END>
INPUT: roast, virgin olive oil, paprika, cinnamon, cayenne, chicken
OUTPUT: TITLE: Paprika Roast Chicken with Sweet Onion | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil; 1 1/2 tablespoons paprika; 1/2 teaspoon cinnamon; 1/2 teaspoon cayenne; 1 whole chicken (about 3 1/2 pounds), cut into serving pieces; 1 sweet onion, cut into 1/2-inch wedges | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 500°F with rack in upper third. Mix oil with spices, 1 1/2 teaspoons salt, and 1 teaspoon pepper in a large bowl, then add chicken and onion, tossing to coat. Arrange chicken, skin side up, and onion in a 3-quart shallow baking dish. Bake until chicken is just cooked through and skin is golden, about 30 minutes. Skim any fat from pan juices in dish. Preheat oven to 500°F with rack in upper third. Mix oil with spices, 1 1/2 teaspoons salt, and 1 teaspoon pepper in a large bowl, then add chicken and onion, tossing to coat. Arrange chicken, skin side up, and onion in a 3-quart sha <END>
INPUT: Mexican, krispiesandtrade, salad, KELLOGG'S® RICE KRISPIES®, ginger, Kosher salt pepper, Ahi tuna steaks, vegetable oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Rice Krispiesandtrade; Tuna with Cucumber Salad and Hoisin-Lime Sauce | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups KELLOGG'S® RICE KRISPIES® cereal, crushed; 1 tablespoon ground ginger; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, to taste; 2 Ahi tuna steaks (about 6 ounces each); 1 tablespoon vegetable oil; 1 English cucumber, halved, seeds scooped out; 4 ounces rice noodles; 1 lime, juiced; 3 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro; 2 tablespoons soy sauce; 2 tablespoons rice wine vinegar; 1 tablespoon soy sauce; Honey, to taste; Freshly ground black pepper, to taste; 2 teaspoons hoisin sauce | INSTRUCTIONS: For the tuna: Heat a cast iron pan over medium-high heat for 8 minutes. In a bowl, combine the crushed KELLOGG'S RICE KRISPIES, ground ginger, salt, and pepper, to taste. Coat the outside of the tuna steaks with the cereal mixture. Put the vegetable oil in the hot pan and swirl to coat, and then sear the tuna on all sides, until the coating just turns brown in color, about 2 minutes per side. This should cook the tuna perfectly with the inside remaining rare. Remove the pan from the heat. For the cucumber salad: Cut the ends off the cucumber, and then cut it into thirds. On a mandolin slicer w <END>
INPUT: chestnuts, coarse breadcrumbs, cornbread, celery
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chestnut Stuffing | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound fresh chestnuts; 8 cups coarse fresh breadcrumbs, from crusty bread; 4 cups diced cornbread; 1 cup (2 sticks) unsalted butter, plus more for baking dish; 2 celery ribs, chopped; 1 extra-large yellow onion, chopped; 1 turkey liver, cleaned and finely chopped; 1 cup chicken or turkey stock, preferably homemade or low-sodium store bought; 1/2 cup fresh flat-leaf parsley leaves, chopped; 1/4 cup fresh sage leaves, chopped; 1 teaspoon kosher salt; 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 2 large eggs, lightly beaten | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F. Cut an X into the round end of each chestnut, place on a rimmed baking sheet, put in the oven and add 1/4 cup water to the pan. Roast for 10 minutes; the shells should peel back where cut. Remove from the oven, let cool for a minute or two, and then peel while the chestnuts are still warm. Chop coarsely. Decrease the oven temperature to 350 degrees F. Spread the breadcrumbs on a baking sheet and bake until dry and golden, about 15 minutes. Put in a large bowl with the chestnuts and cornbread. In a large saute pan over medium hea <END>
INPUT: zest lemon, Juice lemons, olive oil, oregano leaves, garlic powder
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Lamb Chops | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Grated zest of 1 lemon; Juice of 2 lemons; 3 tablespoons olive oil; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh oregano leaves; 1/2 teaspoon garlic powder; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 12 lamb chops | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large bowl, combine the lemon zest, lemon juice, oil, oregano, and garlic powder. Generously season each side of the lamb chops with salt and pepper. Add to the lemon juice mixture and toss to combine. Cover and refrigerate for 1 hour. Remove from the refrigerator about 20 minutes before cooking. Preheat an outdoor grill to medium-high. Grill the lamb chops for 3 to 4 minutes, until slightly charred on one side. Flip and cook for 2 to 3 minutes longer for medium-rare to medium doneness. Serve hot. <END>
INPUT: American, all purpose flour, kosher salt, vegetable shortening beef, beef short
OUTPUT: TITLE: Short Rib Pot Pie | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 3 cups all-purpose flour; 2 teaspoons kosher salt; 1/2 cup (1 stick) chilled unsalted butter, cut into pieces; 1/2 cup vegetable shortening or beef lard; 3 pound boneless beef short ribs, cut into 2" pieces; Kosher salt, freshly ground pepper; 1/2 cup all-purpose flour, plus more; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1 10-ounce package frozen pearl onions, thawed; 4 garlic cloves, chopped; 2 tablespoons tomato paste; 2 cups dry red wine; 2 sprigs rosemary; 6 sprigs thyme, plus 2 tablespoons chopped thyme; Flaky sea salt (such as Maldon) | INSTRUCTIONS: For crust: Pulse flour and salt in a food processor; add butter and shortening and pulse until mixture resembles coarse meal with a few pea-size pieces of butter remaining. Transfer flour mixture to a large bowl and drizzle with 1/2 cup ice water. Mix with a fork until dough just comes together. Knead dough lightly, adding more water by the tablespoonful if needed, until no dry spots remain (dough will be slightly shaggy but moist). Form into a disk and wrap tightly in plastic. Chill until firm, at least 2 hours. DO AHEAD: Crust can be made 2 days ahead; keep chilled. Pulse flour and salt in a <END>
INPUT: oranges, Cinnamon, Caster sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Oranges with Cinnamon | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 oranges (or as many as you like); Cinnamon; Caster sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: Cut the skin off the oranges, going straight to the flesh. Discard the skins. Slice the oranges and arrange on a platter. Sprinkle with cinnamon and caster sugar. <END>
INPUT: American, neely, soup, bacon, onion, garlic, carrot, piece smoked ham
OUTPUT: TITLE: Neely's Chickpea, Ham and Swiss Chard Soup | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 3 slices bacon, chopped; 1 medium onion, chopped; 4 garlic cloves, chopped; 1 large carrot, diced; One 6-ounce piece smoked ham steak, diced into 1/4-inch cubes; 1/2 teaspoon red pepper flakes; Salt and freshly cracked black pepper; 1 small bunch Swiss chard, stemmed and sliced into thin ribbons; 1 quart low-sodium chicken broth; One 16-ounce can chickpeas or black-eyed peas, drained and rinsed; One 15-ounce can diced tomatoes; Hot sauce, as needed; Worcestershire sauce, as needed; Grated Parmesan, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Add the bacon to a heavy-bottomed Dutch oven over medium heat. Fry until crisp, then transfer to a paper towel-lined plate and reserve. To the same Dutch oven, add the onion, garlic, and carrot, and saute until the vegetables are tender, roughly 4 minutes. Add the ham steak and red pepper flakes and adjust the seasonings with salt and black pepper, to taste. Add the Swiss chard and saute until it begins to soften. Stir in the chicken broth, chickpeas or black-eyed peas, and the canned tomatoes with their juices. Bring the soup to a boil, then reduce the heat to a <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, pound, cake, unsalted butter, all purpose flour, baking powder, salt, eggs
OUTPUT: TITLE: Orange Olive Oil Pound Cake | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, for the pan; 2 cups all-purpose flour; 1 tablespoon baking powder; Pinch of salt; 3 large eggs; 1 1/4 cups sugar; 1 cup olive oil; 1/2 cup whole milk; 2 tablespoons brandy; 2 tablespoons orange liqueur, such as Cointreau; 1 tablespoon grated lemon zest; 1 tablespoon grated orange zest; 1/2 cup fresh orange juice | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 325°F. Butter a 9 × 5-inch loaf pan. In a medium bowl, whisk together the flour, baking powder, and salt. In a large bowl, whisk together the eggs and 1 cup of the sugar. Whisk in the olive oil, milk, brandy, liqueur, lemon zest, orange zest, and 1/4 cup of the orange juice. Add the dry ingredients and whisk to combine. The batter is wet. It's okay. Pour the batter into the loaf pan and bake for 1 hour 5 minutes to 1 hour 10 minutes, until a cake tester inserted in the cake comes out clean. You will smell the cake when it is done. Remove the cake from the oven and let cool  <END>
INPUT: Mexican, sauce, Zest juice lime, maple syrup, Sriracha, coarse sea salt, salmon fillet
OUTPUT: TITLE: Salmon with Sriracha Sauce and Lime | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: Zest and juice of 1/2 lime; 1 tablespoon maple syrup; 1 1/2 teaspoons Sriracha; 1/2 teaspoon coarse sea salt; 1 1/4 pound salmon fillet, skin removed; 2 tablespoons coarsely chopped cilantro | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 425°. In a bowl, whisk zest, juice, syrup, Sriracha, and salt. Place salmon in a baking dish lined with parchment paper; pour mixture over top. Roast until cooked through and flaky, 15 minutes. Sprinkle with cilantro; serve. Preheat oven to 425°. In a bowl, whisk zest, juice, syrup, Sriracha, and salt. Place salmon in a baking dish lined with parchment paper; pour mixture over top. Roast until cooked through and flaky, 15 minutes. Sprinkle with cilantro; serve. <END>
INPUT: cookies, cake flour, baking powder, salt, unsalted butter, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sugar Cookies with Royal Icing | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 1/2 cups cake flour (not self-rising), plus more for dusting; 1 teaspoon baking powder; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 2 sticks unsalted butter, at room temperature; 3/4 cup sugar; 1 large egg; 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract; Royal icing, for decorating (see right) | INSTRUCTIONS: Sift the cake flour, baking powder and salt onto a piece of parchment paper or into a medium bowl; set aside. Beat the butter and sugar in a large bowl with a mixer on medium-high speed until light and fluffy, about 5 minutes. Add the egg and vanilla and beat until incorporated. Reduce the mixer speed to low and beat in the flour mixture in 2 batches until just incorporated. Divide between 2 pieces of plastic wrap; shape into disks. Wrap and refrigerate until firm, at least 1 hour. (The dough can be frozen for up to 1 month; thaw overnight in the refrigerator before rolling.) Line 2 baking she <END>
INPUT: karen, carrots, sui choy, Sui Choy Slaw, Salt pepper, Snow pea shoots
OUTPUT: TITLE: Karen's Sui Choy Slaw | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 5 to 6 medium carrots; 1 head sui choy; Sui Choy Slaw Dressing, recipe follows; Salt and freshly ground pepper; Snow pea shoots; Mesclun greens; 1/3 cup fresh orange juice; 1/4 cup cider vinegar; 2 tablespoons sugar; 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard; 1 tablespoon vegetable oil; 1 teaspoon salt; Freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Grate 5 to 6 carrots into a large salad bowl. Slice 1 head of sui choy, and add to the bowl. Toss the carrot and sui choy with the sui choy slaw dressing, and add salt and pepper, to taste. Lay the slaw over a bed of snow pea shoots and mesclun greens. Whisk together all ingredients in a small bowl. Yield: about 1 cup <END>
INPUT: American, Grana Padano Parmigiano, walnuts, honey
OUTPUT: TITLE: Honey and Cheese | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 14 ounces Grana Padano or Parmigiano-Reggiano cheese; 1 cup walnuts, halved; 4 tablespoons honey | INSTRUCTIONS: Wedge out fresh chunks of cheese and put on a serving dish. Sprinkle the walnut halves over the cheese and drizzle with honey. <END>
INPUT: cumberland, sauce, California bay leaves, kosher salt, fennel seeds, coarse grain mustard
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mustard Fennel Pork Loin with Cumberland Pan Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 California bay leaves; 1 1/2 tablespoons kosher salt; 1 tablespoon fennel seeds; 1 (4- to 4 1/2-lb) center-cut boneless pork loin roast* (3 to 4 inches in diameter; preferably organic or sustainably raised); 1/4 cup coarse-grain mustard; 2 teaspoons olive oil plus additional for greasing; 1/2 cup plus 1 tablespoon water; 1/3 cup ruby Port; 2/3 cup fresh orange juice; 1 1/2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 3 tablespoons red-currant jelly; 1/4 teaspoon ground ginger; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 1 tablespoon cornstarch; 1 tablespoon unsalted butter | INSTRUCTIONS: Roast pork: Discard center stem from bay leaves, then crumble leaves into grinder and pulse with kosher salt and fennel seeds until bay leaves are finely chopped. Discard any strings from loin if tied. Arrange loin, fat side up, lengthwise on a work surface. Holding knife horizontally, make a lengthwise cut about 1 1/2 inches deep along side of loin (do not cut all the way through). Open loin like a book, then pat dry inside and out. Rub 1 tablespoon mustard all over cut sides, then sprinkle with 1 teaspoon seasoned salt. Close loin and tie crosswise at 1-inch intervals with string. Rub olive  <END>
INPUT: asparagus, virgin olive oil, unsalted butter, bottled horseradish
OUTPUT: TITLE: Asparagus with Horseradish Butter | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 bunches asparagus (about 2 pounds), trimmed and halved lengthwise; 1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil; 2 1/2 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened; 1 1/2 tablespoons drained bottled horseradish | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 450°F with rack in middle. Toss asparagus with oil and 1/4 teaspoon each of salt and pepper in a 4-sided sheet pan. Roast until just tender, about 10 minutes. Mash together butter, horseradish, and 1/8 teaspoon salt. Toss asparagus with horseradish butter. Preheat oven to 450°F with rack in middle. Toss asparagus with oil and 1/4 teaspoon each of salt and pepper in a 4-sided sheet pan. Roast until just tender, about 10 minutes. Mash together butter, horseradish, and 1/8 teaspoon salt. Toss asparagus with horseradish butter. <END>
INPUT: toasts, plain milk Greek, gochugaru pepper flakes, Salt, crabmeat, scallions
OUTPUT: TITLE: Crab Toasts with Spicy Yogurt | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 cup plain whole-milk Greek yogurt; 1 tablespoon gochugaru or 1/4 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes; Salt; 8 ounces crabmeat; 2 thinly sliced scallions; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh dill; 1 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 2 teaspoons toasted sesame seeds; Salt; Freshly ground black pepper; 4 slices oiled toasted country-style bread | INSTRUCTIONS: Whisk 3/4 cup plain whole-milk Greek yogurt and 1 tablespoon gochugaru or 1/4 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes in a small bowl; season with salt. Combine 8 ounces crabmeat, 2 thinly sliced scallions, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh dill, 1 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, and 2 teaspoons toasted sesame seeds in a medium bowl; season with salt and black pepper. Spread spicy yogurt on 4 slices oiled toasted country-style bread and top with crabmeat mixture. Cut toasts in half and top with more dill. Whisk 3/4 cup plain whole-milk Greek yogurt and 1 tablespoon gochugaru or 1/4 teaspoon crushed red pe <END>
INPUT: juice, beets, lemon, slice ginger, carrot, leaves kale
OUTPUT: TITLE: Beet It Juice | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 beets; 1 lemon, peeled; 1 1/2-inch slice fresh ginger; 1 carrot; 1 cup or 3 leaves kale (stems included) | INSTRUCTIONS: Put all the ingredients through a juicer. Alternate between harder foods, like beets and carrots, and kale to help move everything through smoothly. Put all the ingredients through a juicer. Alternate between harder foods, like beets and carrots, and kale to help move everything through smoothly. <END>
INPUT: mole, sesame seeds, Olive oil, almonds, peanuts, bananas plantains
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mole Poblano | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 pound sesame seeds; Olive oil, for cooking; 1/4 pound almonds; 1/4 pound peanuts; 3 bananas or plantains; 1 pound raisins; 1/4 pound tomatoes; 1 pound fire roasted poblano chiles, rehydrated in water; 1/4 teaspoon aniseeds; 1/4 teaspoon cinnamon; 1 ounce unsweetened Mexican chocolate; 2 pre-cooked turkey legs | INSTRUCTIONS: In a medium saute pan, toast sesame seeds and place in food processor. In same saute pan add oil and fry almonds. Remove almonds, place in food processor, and fry peanuts. Remove peanuts, place in food processor, and fry plantains. Remove plantains, place in food processor, and fry raisins. Remove raisins and place in food processor. Remove all but one tablespoon oil and fry tomatoes. In a food processor grind together sesame seeds, almonds, peanuts, plantains, raisins, tomatoes, poblanos, aniseeds, and cinnamon; this is the mole. Thin with left over chile water. In large saucepan, heat oil. A <END>
INPUT: pancakes, blueberry, blueberries, sugar, cornstarch, cornmeal, all purpose flour
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cornmeal Pancakes with Blueberry Syrup | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pint blueberries; 1 cup sugar; 2 tablespoons cornstarch; 1 1/2 heaping cups yellow cornmeal; 1 1/2 cups all-purpose flour; 1/4 cup sugar; 2 tablespoons baking powder; 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt; 2 1/4 cups whole milk, plus more if needed for thinning; 1 tablespoon white vinegar; 1 tablespoon vanilla; 2 large eggs; 4 tablespoons salted butter, melted, plus additional melted butter for the skillet; Pats of butter, for serving; Maple syrup, for serving, optional | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. For the blueberry syrup: In a saucepan, combine the blueberries, sugar and 1/2 cup water. Bring to a gentle boil and cook for 5 minutes on low. Stir in the cornstarch, then continue to cook, using a whisk or spoon to mash the larger pieces of blueberries. Remove from the heat when it's nice and thick. For the cornmeal pancakes: Mix together the cornmeal, flour, sugar, baking powder and salt in a bowl. In a separate bowl, mix the milk, vinegar, vanilla and eggs. Pour the milk mixture into the dry ingredients, stirring gently. Stir in the melted butter. If the batt <END>
INPUT: Indian, cookies, wheat pastry flour, baking powder, salt, cinnamon, allspice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lentil Cookies | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 9 1/2 ounces whole-wheat pastry flour, approximately 2 cups*; 1 teaspoon baking powder; 1 teaspoon salt; 1 1/2 teaspoons ground cinnamon; 1/2 teaspoon ground allspice; 8 ounces sugar, approximately 1 cup; 6 ounces unsalted butter, room temperature, approximately 3/4 cup; 1 egg; 2 teaspoons vanilla extract; 1 1/2 cups lentil puree, recipe follows; 3 1/2 ounces rolled oats, approximately 1 cup; 4 ounces dried fruit, approximately 1 cup; 2 1/4 ounces unsweetened dried shredded coconut, approximately 1 cup; 4 ounces lentils, approximately 2/3 cup, picked over and rinsed; 2 cups water | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. *Cook's Note: If desired, a quarter of the whole-wheat flour can be substituted with lentil flour for a denser, stronger flavored cookie Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. In a medium bowl, combine the flour, baking powder, salt, cinnamon and allspice. In the bowl of a stand-mixer with a whisk attachment, cream together the sugar and butter on medium speed. Add the egg and mix until just incorporated. Add the vanilla and lentil puree and mix until combined. Add the flour mixture and blend on low speed until just combined. Remove the bowl from the mixer and stir i <END>
INPUT: American, janette, all purpose flour, baking soda, sugar, cinnamon, vegetable oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Janette's Lighter Apple Rum Raisin Pie | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups all-purpose flour; 1/2 teaspoon baking soda; 1/2 teaspoon sugar; 1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1/4 cup vegetable oil; 1/4 cup low-fat vanilla yogurt; 1/2 teaspoon apple cider vinegar; 1/2 cup raisins; 1/2 cup water; 1 teaspoon rum extract; 1/2 cup apple juice; 2 pounds apples, peeled, cored and sliced; 1 tablespoon lemon juice; 1/3 cup light brown sugar; 1 tablespoon granulated sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: To make the crust, sift the flour, baking soda, sugar, and cinnamon into a medium-size mixing bowl. Add the oil, yogurt, and vinegar and stir gently just until combined. Press the dough into a ball and divide in 1/2. Flatten each piece into a disk, wrap in waxed paper and refrigerate for 1 hour. To make the filling, put the raisins in a medium-size bowl and pierce them with a fork so they will soak up the rum flavoring. Add the water and rum extract and stir to combine. Let stand at least 1 hour. Drain and return raisins to the bowl. In a saucepan, combine apple juice, apples, lemon juice, lig <END>
INPUT: Italian, cheeseburger, beef, water, uncooked shell shaped
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cheeseburger Pasta | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound ground beef; 1 can (10 3/4 ounces) Campbell's® Condensed Cheddar Cheese Soup; 1 can (10 3/4 ounces) Campbell's® Condensed Tomato Soup (Regular or Healthy Request®); 1 1/2 cups water; 2 cups uncooked medium shell-shaped pasta | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook the beef in a 10-inch skillet over medium-high heat until well browned, stirring often to separate meat. Pour off any fat. Stir the soups, water and pasta in the skillet and heat to a boil. Reduce the heat to medium. Cook for 10 minutes or until the pasta is tender, stirring often. Serving Suggestion: Serve with carrot & celery sticks with ranch dressing for dipping. For dessert serve store-bought brownies topped with vanilla ice cream. Cost per recipe: $7.23 <END>
INPUT: cake, boiling water, dark sugar, water chestnut powder
OUTPUT: TITLE: Water Chestnut Cake | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 3/4 cups boiling water; 1 2/3 cups dark brown sugar; 1 1/4 pounds (4 1/2 cups) canned water chestnuts, drained and coarsely chopped; 8 ounces water chestnut powder mixed with 1 cup cold water | INSTRUCTIONS: Grease a 9-inch square cake pan. Pour boiling water into a wok over high heat, add sugar and stir to dissolve. Add chopped water chestnuts and mix well. Add water chestnut powder mixture. Turn heat under wok to low. Stir mixture continually in one direction for 5 to 7 minutes, until mix is very thick and pasty. Pour water chestnut mixture into greased pan. Place pan on a rack in wok. Add 8 cups boiling water, cover and steam for 40 minutes until it sets firmly and becomes translucent. Replenish boiling water after 20 minutes. Turn off heat, remove cake pan from steamer. Allow to set 4 minutes. <END>
INPUT: soup, berry, garlic, olive oil, onions, boiling potatoes, water
OUTPUT: TITLE: Potato and Roasted Garlic Soup with Wheat Berry, Watercress, and Endive Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 large heads garlic, unpeeled; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 2 medium onions, chopped; 4 pounds boiling potatoes (preferably yellow-fleshed, such as Yukon Gold); 8 cups water; 2 tablespoons Sherry vinegar*; 1/2 cup scallion purée (recipe to follow); 6 cups water; 1 cup wheat berries**; 1 teaspoon salt; 1 bunch watercress, coarse stems discarded, washed well and spun dry (about 3 cups); 4 Belgian endives, leaves separated and cut crosswise into 1/2-inch-thick slices; Garnish: 1/4 cup scallion purée; 1/2 cup olive oil; 2 cups chopped scallion greens (about 1 bunch), patted dry | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 400°F. Preheat oven to 400°F. Make soup: On a flat surface smash garlic heads, root ends up, with palm of hand to break up cloves, leaving peels intact. Put garlic on a sheet of foil and drizzle with 1 tablespoon oil. Sprinkle garlic with salt and pepper to taste and wrap tightly in foil. Bake garlic in middle of oven 40 minutes, or until very tender. Unwrap garlic carefully and let stand until cool enough to handle. In a bowl squeeze roasted garlic out of cloves by squeezing one end, discarding skin. In a kettle cook onions in remaining tablespoon oil over moderate heat until  <END>
INPUT: American, salad, elbow macaroni, mayonnaise, Dijon mustard, lemon juice, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Modern Macaroni Salad | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 1/3 cups elbow macaroni (about 10 ounces); 2/3 cup mayonnaise; 1/4 cup Dijon mustard; 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 1 1/2 tablespoons sugar; 1 1/3 cups chopped drained bread-and-butter pickles; 1 1/4 cups chopped celery; 2 4-ounce jars sliced pimientos, drained; 1/2 cup thinly sliced green onions | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook macaroni in large pot of boiling salted water just until tender but still firm to bite, stirring occasionally. Drain. Rinse under cold water; drain well. Whisk mayonnaise, mustard, lemon juice and sugar in large bowl. Mix in macaroni, pickles, celery, pimientos and onions. Season with salt and pepper. Cook macaroni in large pot of boiling salted water just until tender but still firm to bite, stirring occasionally. Drain. Rinse under cold water; drain well. Whisk mayonnaise, mustard, lemon juice and sugar in large bowl. Mix in macaroni, pickles, celery, pimientos and onions. Season with s <END>
INPUT: American, pizzettes, Cornmeal, apple, beets, Flour
OUTPUT: TITLE: Beet, Apple, and Cheese Pizzettes | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: Cornmeal, for dusting; 1/2 medium apple, such as honey crisp or Pippin, unpeeled and cored; 2 small red beets; Flour, for dusting; 1 (1 pound) ball store-bought pizza dough; 1 cup (4 ounces) shredded fontina or mozzarella (see Cook's Note); 2 tablespoons goat cheese, crumbled (about 2 ounces); 1 tablespoon herbes de Provence; 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: 4-inch round cookie cutter Preheat a gas or charcoal grill with a cover. (The pizzettes can also be baked in the oven. Place an oven rack in the upper 1/3 of the oven and preheat to 400 degrees F. Bake the pizzettes on a cornmeal-dusted baking sheet until the crust is golden, 12 to 14 minutes.) Dust a baking sheet with cornmeal. Set aside. Using a mandoline slicer, slice the apples and beets into 1/16 to 1/8-inch thick slices. Set aside. On a lightly floured work surface, roll out the dough into a 13-inch diameter circle. Using a 4-inch round cookie cutter, cut out 6 circles <END>
INPUT: polvorones, cookies, sugar, all purpose flour, walnuts
OUTPUT: TITLE: Polvorones: Ground Walnut Cookies | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup (2 sticks) unsalted butter, at room temperature; 1/2 cup sugar; 2 cups all-purpose flour; 1/2 cup ground walnuts; 1 cup chopped walnuts; 1/2 cup powdered sugar, plus more for serving | INSTRUCTIONS: Using an electric mixer, beat the butter in a large bowl until light and fluffy. Add the sugar and beat until well blended. Beat in the flour, and then the ground and chopped walnuts. Divide the dough in half, forming each half into a ball. Wrap separately in plastic and chill until cold, about 30 minutes. Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Working with half of the chilled dough at a time while keeping the rest in the fridge, roll the dough by 2 teaspoonfuls between your palms into balls. Arrange the balls on a large baking sheet, spacing them 1/2-inch apart. Bake the cookies until golden brow <END>
INPUT: shrimp, Bamboo skewers, roasted garlic salad, Salt pepper, mayonnaise
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Shrimp with Garlic Mayo | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 12 medium shrimp, frozen defrosted; Bamboo skewers, soaked in water for at least 30 minutes; 1/4 cup plus 1 tablespoon roasted garlic salad dressing, divided; Salt and pepper; 1/3 cup mayonnaise; 1 teaspoon minced garlic; 1 teaspoon paprika | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat grill to medium. Pat shrimp dry with paper towels, and place on bamboo skewers. Brush shrimp with 1/4 cup dressing, sprinkle with a generous amount of salt and pepper and place on the grill. Grill 2 to 3 minutes per side, or until shrimp are opaque and cooked through. Baste once, if desired. In a small bowl, combine mayonnaise with remaining 1 tablespoon of roasted garlic dressing, 1 teaspoon minced garlic, and 1 teaspoon paprika. Serve as a dip for the shrimp. <END>
INPUT: water, peaches, Cinnamon sugar mixture
OUTPUT: TITLE: Toasted Angel Food Cake with Grilled Peaches | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 box (16 oz.) Duncan Hines® Angel Food Cake; 1 1/4 cups water; 6 ripe medium peaches, washed, halved and pitted; Cinnamon-sugar mixture | INSTRUCTIONS: Move oven rack to lowest position. Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Pour cake mix into clean, large mixing bowl. Add water. Prepare and bake according to package directions in ungreased 10-inch tube pan. Cool completely. Preheat outdoor grill to medium heat, or follow alternative indoor instructions below. Clean and lightly oil grate. Sprinkle cut side of fruit with cinnamon-sugar. When ready to serve, place fruit, cut side down, on grill. Use grill pan or aluminum foil to collect syrup run-off from peaches. Cook about 2 to 3 minutes or until warm and nicely charred with grill marks. Set aside a <END>
INPUT: gratin, juniper berries, heavy cream, salt, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Potato Gratin with Juniper | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 teaspoons juniper berries*; 1 cup heavy cream; 3/4 stick (6 tablespoons) unsalted butter, melted; 1 1/4 teaspoons salt; 3/4 teaspoon black pepper; 2 lb russet (baking) potatoes (about 4); Special equipment: an electric coffee/spice grinder; an adjustable-blade slicer; a 2-qt flameproof shallow baking dish | INSTRUCTIONS: Put oven rack in middle position and preheat oven to 375°F. Finely grind juniper berries in grinder. Whisk together cream, butter, 1 1/4 teaspoons ground juniper (discard remainder), salt, and pepper in a large bowl until combined. Peel potatoes and cut into 1/8-inch-thick slices. Fold potato slices into cream mixture and transfer to baking dish, spreading evenly. Cover tightly with foil and bake until potatoes are very tender, 50 minutes to 1 hour. Preheat broiler. Remove foil and broil potatoes 2 to 3 inches from heat until golden, about 6 minutes. Let stand 10 minutes before serving. Put ov <END>
INPUT: royal, Concord grape juice, rosemary, square cube crystallized, aged balsamic vinegar, rose champagne
OUTPUT: TITLE: Concord Grape Royal | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 cups 100-percent Concord grape juice; One 8-inch sprig fresh rosemary; 1 1/2-inch square cube crystallized ginger; 1 teaspoon aged balsamic vinegar; One 750 ml bottle rose champagne, chilled; Orange bitters; Concord grapes, halved, for serving; Orange rinds, for serving | INSTRUCTIONS: For the Concord grape syrup: Combine the grape juice, rosemary and ginger in a 2-quart saucepan. Reduce the mixture for 1 hour over medium-low heat. When the mixture has reduced by half, add the balsamic and continue cooking until the mixture has reduced by half again, about 10 minutes. Cool for 30 minutes. Strain and store in an airtight container in the refrigerator for up to a week. For the cocktails: Add 1 ounce of the grape syrup to each champagne flute. Top with 4 ounces champagne and 2 to 3 dashes of bitters. Top each glass with a skewered grape half and orange rind piece. <END>
INPUT: topped, ragout, chicken stock, milk, stone grits, kosher salt, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Creamy Kentucky Grits Topped with a Ragout of Local Shiitakes and Thyme,Topped with Kenny's Gouda an | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups chicken stock; 2 cups milk; 1 cup stone-ground grits (recommended: Weisenberger); 1 1/2 teaspoons kosher salt; 1/2 teaspoon white pepper; 4 tablespoons butter, plus 2 tablespoons, plus 2 tablespoons; 8 ounces shiitakes, sliced; 2 tablespoons sliced shallots; 1/2 cup leeks, white part only, diced (reserve tops for frying/frizzling); 4 cloves garlic, diced; 2 teaspoons chopped fresh thyme; 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard; 2 cups rich demi-glace (chicken or veal); 1/4 pound gouda (recommended: Kentucky Farmstead Cheese) - can substitute with smoked gouda; Watercress, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Creamy Grits: Bring stock and milk to a boil. Turn down to low, and slowly whisk in the grits. Cook, stirring occasionally for 30 to 40 minutes. Remove from heat, add salt and pepper, and cover (for approximately 15 minutes) while making the ragout. Mushroom Ragout: In a skillet, heat 4 tablespoons of the butter, add the sliced shiitakes and cook slowly, until softened and slightly browned. Add 2 more tablespoons of butter, and then add shallots, leeks, garlic, and thyme. Saute until soft; then add Dijon mustard and demi-glace. Stir in 2 more tablespoons of butter. Ladle the grits out onto war <END>
INPUT: yeast, milk, bread flour, salt, honey
OUTPUT: TITLE: Multigrain and Seed Bread | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 ounce fresh yeast; 16 ounces whole milk; 1 3/4 pound bread flour; 1/2 ounce salt; 3 ounces honey; 1 1/2 ounces vegetable shortening; 1 egg; 3 ounces bran; 3 ounces raw sunflower seeds; 1 1/2 ounces raw walnuts, chopped; 3 ounces Multigrain Cereal Mix, soaked; Rye berries, whole and cracked; Barley; Triticale; Oats, whole berries (not rolled) | INSTRUCTIONS: In a saucepan heat enough water to cover the seeds, to a boil. Pour over seeds and let sit in the refrigerator overnight. Combine yeast and milk into a Kitchen Aid bowl, or other dough mixing bowl. Add all other ingredients, starting with the bread flour, then everything else on top. Mix with dough hook on low. Develop gluten with machine on medium for approximately 13 to 15 minutes until dough is smooth and springs back when touched. Turn dough out into a lightly oiled bowl, cover with a kitchen towel or plastic wrap and allow to rise for 1 1/2 hours or until doubled in bulk. Punch down dough <END>
INPUT: ohitashi, Dashi, soy sauce, mirin, mature spinach, Kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spinach Ohitashi | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup Dashi; 1/4 cup soy sauce; 2 tablespoons mirin (sweet Japanese rice wine); 1 bunch mature spinach, trimmed; Kosher salt; Bonito flakes (for serving) | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine dashi, soy sauce, and mirin in a small bowl. Cook spinach in a large pot of boiling salted water just until wilted and bright green, a matter of seconds. Drain and transfer to a large bowl of lightly salted ice water; let cool. Drain and squeeze out excess liquid from greens. Pack into a cylinder shape. Cut in half crosswise or into bite-size lengths. To serve, divide greens among bowls and top with broth. Scatter bonito flakes over top. Combine dashi, soy sauce, and mirin in a small bowl. Cook spinach in a large pot of boiling salted water just until wilted and bright green, a matter  <END>
INPUT: radishes, chicken stock, butter, shallot, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Braised Radishes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 bunches radishes, about 1 pound, trimmed of tops and roots; 1 1/2 cups chicken stock; 2 tablespoons butter, cut into bits; 1 large shallot, thinly sliced; 2 tablespoons sugar; 1 tablespoon red wine vinegar; Salt and pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Place radishes in a skillet with stock, butter bits, shallots, sugar, vinegar, salt and pepper. Cover the pan and bring to a boil. Uncover the pan and reduce heat to medium. Cook radishes 10 to 12 minutes and if the stock has not cooked away, remove radishes and cook down to 1/2 cup, about 2 minutes. <END>
INPUT: skins, Crab Salad, Yukon gold potatoes, crab chunks, mayonnaise, Dijon mustard
OUTPUT: TITLE: Crab Salad Stuffed Potato Skins | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Crab Salad; 3 Yukon gold potatoes; 2 cups crab chunks, picked over for shells; 1/4 cup prepared mayonnaise; 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard; 2 green onions, finely chopped; 1/2 cup finely chopped fresh chives; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; Oil, for frying; Root Vegetable Mash; 2 Yukon gold potatoes; 4 parsnips; 2 carrots; 2 salsify; 1/4 cup 35-percent whipping cream | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Bake the potatoes until soft, about 40 minutes depending on the size. Heat the oil in a deep fryer to 375 degrees F. Remove the potatoes from the oven. Scoop out the flesh and transfer to a bowl for use in the Root Vegetable Mash, recipe follows. Place the potato skins into the fryer until they become brown and crispy. Remove the skins, place on paper towels and season with salt, and pepper, to taste. Let cool to room temperature. Mix the crab with the mayonnaise, Dijon, green onions, and chives. Season the mixture with salt, and pepper, to taste. Spoon the m <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, slow, gravy, kosher salt, pepper, thyme, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Slow-Roasted Duck with Olive Gravy and Garlic-Fennel Confit | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 2 (4-pound) ducks, necks reserved, rinsed inside and out, patted dry, and any feathers and quills removed with tweezers or needle-nose pliers; 1 teaspoon kosher salt, plus additional to taste; 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, plus additional to taste; 1 bunch fresh thyme; 1 head garlic, cloves separated, skin left on; 8 shallots, peeled and halved; 4 heads fennel, trimmed (fronds reserved for garnish), halved lengthwise, and cut into 1/4-inch slices; 1 cup pitted kalamata olives; 1 teaspoon finely grated lemon zest; 1 teaspoon freshly squeezed lemon juice, plus additional to taste | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 500°F. Season each duck inside and out with salt and pepper. Using knife, skewer, or sharp fork, prick skin of each bird all over 20 to 30 times, taking care not to let knife puncture flesh (it's helpful to hold knife nearly parallel to duck and then slide it in). Stuff each cavity with 1 neck; 1/2 of thyme and garlic; 8 shallot halves; and 1/4 of fennel. Using kitchen string, tie legs loosely together. Transfer ducks, breast sides up, to rack set in large roasting pan. Cover loosely with foil and roast 15 minutes. Reduce heat to 300°F and continue to roast, basting every 30 mi <END>
INPUT: Asian, oriental, lemon juice, mushrooms, bacon, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Oriental Stuffed Mushrooms | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 24 large mushrooms (about 2 1/2 pounds), the stems removed and chopped fine and the caps left whole; 3 slices of lean bacon; 1/4 cup minced onion; 4 teaspoons minced onion; 2 tablespoons soy sauce; 1 tablespoon sesame seeds, toasted lightly; 1/2 cup fine fresh bread crumbs plus 1 tablespoon for sprinkling the mushrooms; 1 scallion, sliced thin, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large saucepan combine 6 cups water with the lemon juice, add the mushroom caps, and bring the liquid to a boil. Simmer the mushroom caps for 6 minutes, transfer them to paper towels, and let them drain. (Blanching the mushroom caps will prevent them from wrinkling while they are baking.) In a skillet cook the bacon over moderate heat until it is crisp, transfer it to paper towels, and let it drain. Pour off all but 1 1/2 tablespoons of the fat from the skillet, in the remaining fat cook the onion, the garlic and the mushroom stems over moderately low heat, stirring, until the vegetables  <END>
INPUT: unsalted butter, shallots, chestnuts, sugar, fennel bulbs
OUTPUT: TITLE: Braised Fennel with Chestnuts and Shallots | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons unsalted butter; 12 small shallots, peeled stem ends left intact; 8 ounces chestnuts, peeled (available at specialty stores); 2 tablespoons sugar; 3 large fennel bulbs (about 5 pounds), trimmed and cut lengthwise into sixths, fronds reserved for garnish; 2 cups chicken stock, preferably homemade; 1 1/2 teaspoons coarse salt; 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large straight-sided skillet, melt butter over medium-high heat. Add shallots and chestnuts. Sprinkle with sugar and cook, stirring until beginning to brown, and the sugar caramelizes in bottom of pan, 3 to 5 minutes. Add fennel and stock. Bring stock to a boil scraping up any browned bits from the bottom of pan. Add salt and pepper. Reduce to simmer, cover, and cook until fennel is tender when pierced with the tip of a knife, 20 to 30 minutes. Uncover and return to a boil. Cook until liquid is reduced and syrupy, about 5 minutes. <END>
INPUT: semifreddo, sauce, egg yolks, sugar, fine quality grappa, egg whites at, heavy cream
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grappa Semifreddo with Espresso Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 large egg yolks; 1/2 cup sugar; 1/3 cup fine-quality grappa; 2 large egg whites at room temperature; 1 cup heavy cream; 1 cup sugar; 1/2 cup boiling water; 4 teaspoons instant espresso powder; 1/4 teaspoon fresh lemon juice; 6 teaspoons fine-quality grappa, chilled; Special equipment: 6 tall (2 1/2-inch high; 1/2-cup capacity) metal baba au rhum molds or 6 (1/2-cup) ramekins; Garnish: mocha coffee beans | INSTRUCTIONS: Make semifreddo: Have ready a large bowl of ice and cold water. Beat together yolks, sugar, and 1/3 cup grappa with an electric mixer in a metal bowl set over a saucepan of simmering water 10 minutes, or until thick and pale and mixture registers 170°F on an instant-read thermometer. Put bowl in ice bath and beat mixture until cold. Beat whites with a pinch of salt in another bowl with cleaned beaters until they just hold stiff peaks. Beat cream in a separate bowl until it holds soft peaks. Whisk one third of whites into yolk mixture to lighten and fold in remaining whites and then cream, gent <END>
INPUT: sephardic, pasilla chiles, Salt pepper, All purpose flour, olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sephardic Brisket | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 dried pasilla chiles; 1 (4-pound) beef brisket, trimmed; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; All-purpose flour, for dredging; 1/4 cup olive oil; 2 onions, diced; 2 tablespoons peeled and chopped fresh ginger; 1 cup freshly squeezed orange juice; 4 cups chicken or beef stock or water, more if necessary; 1 cinnamon stick; 1 bay leaf; 1 teaspoon peppercorns; 4 tea bags strong black tea; 2 cups dried pitted prunes; 2 cups dried apricots | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 400°F. Soak the chiles in lukewarm water for 30 minutes. Seed them, remove the stems, chop the flesh into tiny pieces, and set aside. Season the brisket with salt and pepper to taste and dredge with flour. Heat the oil in a heavy roasting pan just large enough to hold the brisket snugly and brown the brisket on both sides, 5 to 7 minutes per side. Remove from the pan. In the same pan, over medium heat, add the onions and ginger and sauté, stirring occasionally, until the onions are transparent. Add the reserved chiles and deglaze with the orange juice. Reduce the liquid by  <END>
INPUT: orange liqueur, Calvados, cinnamon, nutmeg, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Hot Cider | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 ounce orange liqueur; 1/4 ounce Calvados (apple brandy); 1/4 teaspoon cinnamon; 1/4 teaspoon nutmeg; 1/4 teaspoon sugar; 4 ounces cider, heated; Orange twist; 1 cinnamon stick | INSTRUCTIONS: In a 10-ounce goblet, add orange liqueur, Calvados, cinnamon, nutmeg, and sugar. Add hot cider and stir. Garnish with a twist of orange peel and a cinnamon stick. <END>
INPUT: Indian, dressing, chard, Kosher other salt, pepper, avocado, blood orange
OUTPUT: TITLE: Red Chard, Avocado, and Blood Orange with Mango-Chutney Dressing | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 3 bunches red chard, stems and spines discarded; Kosher or other salt; Freshly ground black pepper; 1 large ripe avocado, peeled, pitted, and cut into bite-­sized pieces; 1 large blood orange, zested and sectioned; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1 tablespoon brown rice or other vinegar; 2 tablespoons mango or other store-­bought chutney; 1 handful slivered almonds, toasted | INSTRUCTIONS: Steam or boil the chard leaves for 3 to 4 minutes, then plunge them into cold water. Gently squeeze as much moisture as possible from the chard. You should end up with a ball a little bigger than a baseball. Chop the chard on a cutting board, salt and pepper liberally, and divide into 4 equal portions. Make a small chard wreath on each of 4 plates and fill the middle with avocado pieces and orange sections, artfully arranged however you like. Put the olive oil, vinegar, chutney, and salt and pepper to taste into a jar and shake vigorously. Carefully drizzle everything with the dressing, using  <END>
INPUT: Asian, pancakes, millet, kosher salt, reduced sodium soy, unseasoned rice vinegar, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Millet-Scallion Pancakes | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 cup millet; 1 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt, plus more; 1/3 cup reduced-sodium soy sauce; 3 tablespoons unseasoned rice vinegar; 2 teaspoons sugar; 2 teaspoons toasted sesame seeds; 1 teaspoon Sriracha; 8 scallions, thinly sliced, divided, plus more for serving; 2 large eggs; 6 tablespoons buttermilk; 3 tablespoons cornstarch; 1 tablespoon toasted sesame oil; 6 tablespoons vegetable oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook millet in a large saucepan of boiling salted water, stirring occasionally, until tender, 15–20 minutes; drain, shaking off as much water as possible. Spread out on a rimmed baking sheet and let cool. Meanwhile, whisk soy sauce, vinegar, sugar, sesame seeds, Sriracha, and 1/4 of scallions in a small bowl; set sauce aside. Whisk eggs, buttermilk, cornstarch, sesame oil, and 1 1/2 teaspoon salt in a medium bowl. Fold in millet and 3/4 of scallions. Working in 3 batches, heat 2 tablespoons vegetable oil in a large nonstick skillet or well-seasoned cast-iron pan over medium-high heat. Add heap <END>
INPUT: mash, sweet potatoes yams, depending size) into, sugar, cinnamon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sweet Potato Mash | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 pounds sweet potatoes or yams, (approximately 4 to 6 yams or about 12 sweet potatoes; depending on size) peeled and cut into 1 to 1 1/2-inch chunks; 1 1/2 cups (3 sticks or 3/4 pound) butter, cut into cubes; 2 tablespoons brown sugar; 1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1/4 teaspoon ground nutmeg; 3 tablespoons pure maple syrup; 1/4 to 1/2 cup cream, as needed to achieve desired consistency; Salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: These potatoes can be steamed to preserve more of the flavor and vitamins (or boiled if you wish), until tender. (To steam them, you can place them in a single layer on a rack placed over a large shallow pan of water with a large pot lid to cover. Replenish water in pan if it boils off before they are tender.) Place the tender potatoes in a large bowl and mash by hand with a masher or fork. Then, using a beater, whip in butter, brown sugar, cinnamon, nutmeg, maple syrup, and enough cream to achieve your desired consistency. Season, to taste, with salt and pepper. <END>
INPUT: French, oysters, tomato, dozen shucked oyster, flour, cayenne pepper, Salt pepper, eggs
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fried Oysters with Tomato-Remoulade Sauce | CUISINE: French | INGREDIENTS: 2 dozen freshly shucked oyster (if possible); 2 cups flour; 1 teaspoon cayenne pepper; Salt and pepper; 2 eggs; 2 tablespoons milk; 2 cups fresh bread crumbs; 1/2 cup vegetable oil; Remoulade sauce:; 1 cup homemade or prepared mayonnaise; 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard; 1 1/2 tablespoons capers; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh tarragon; 2 teaspoons paprika | INSTRUCTIONS: Season flour with cayenne and salt and pepper. Combine the eggs and milk.Toss shucked, drained oysters in the seasoned flour, then dip in egg/milk mixture followed by the bread crumbs. In sautepan over medium high heat gently fry on both sides until crisp. Do not crowd pan, fry approximately 6 oysters at a time. Drain on clean paper towels. Mix all ingredients for remoulade sauce in food processor and serve oysters on cleaned half shell with remoulade sauce on bottom and garnished with fresh herbs.; <END>
INPUT: all purpose flour, sugar, baking powder, Rounded salt, baking soda
OUTPUT: TITLE: Buttermilk Biscuits | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cups all-purpose flour; 1 1/2 tablespoons sugar; 1 1/2 teaspoons baking powder; Rounded 1/4 teaspoon salt; 1/4 teaspoon baking soda; 1/2 stick (1/4 cup) cold unsalted butter, cut into 1/2-inch cubes; 3/4 cup well-shaken buttermilk; 1 tablespoon milk or cream for brushing biscuits | INSTRUCTIONS: Put oven rack in middle position and preheat oven to 425°F. Sift together flour, sugar, baking powder, salt, and baking soda onto a sheet of wax paper, then sift again into a bowl. Blend in butter with your fingertips until mixture resembles coarse meal. Add buttermilk and stir with a fork until a dough just forms (dough will be moist). Turn dough out onto a well-floured surface and knead gently 6 times. Pat out dough on a floured surface with floured hands, reflouring surface if necessary, into an 8- by 5 1/2-inch rectangle. Trim all 4 sides with a knife, dusting knife edge with flour before  <END>
INPUT: heavy cream, milk, egg egg yolks, vanilla bean, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Jack's Fruit Ice Cream | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups heavy cream; 2 cups whole milk; 8 egg large egg yolks; 1 vanilla bean; pinch of salt; 1/2 cup natural cane sugar; 20 oz can jackfruit in syrup (available in Asian markets); green food coloring (optional) | INSTRUCTIONS: In a heavy saucepan heat milk, heavy cream, and vanilla bean over medium high heat to a simmer. Turn heat down to medium. In a separate bowl whisk together the eggs yolks, sugar, and salt. Sugar will dissolve when heated. Slowly dizzle this egg/sugar mixture into the simmering milk mixture and whisk. Combining these too quickly will result in "scrambled eggs." After you have added these two mixtures together, reduce the heat to a medium low temperature. Remove the vanilla bean and split lengthwise scraping out seeds. Return the pod and the seeds back to the pot. I like to add several drops of  <END>
INPUT: American, wilted, bitter, walnuts, Pullman loaf bread, chives, flat leaf parsley
OUTPUT: TITLE: Wilted Bitter Greens with Crispy Walnut Goat Cheese | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 cup walnuts; 4 slices Pullman loaf bread, or other tight crumb white bread, crusts removed; 1/2 bunch fresh chives, finely chopped; 1/2 bunch fresh flat-leaf parsley, finely chopped; 1 (11-ounce) log goat cheese, cut into 6 equal pieces; Kosher salt; 2 eggs, beaten with 1 tablespoon water; Extra-virgin olive oil; 1 shallot, minced; 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard; 2 to 3 tablespoons sherry vinegar; 1 head radicchio, cut into bite-size pieces; 2 cups baby arugula, washed; 2 heads Belgian endive, cut into 1/2-inch lengths crosswise | INSTRUCTIONS: For the goat cheese: In a food processor, pulse the walnuts until they are coarsely chopped. Tear the bread into pieces and pulse in the food processor with the chopped walnuts until they become coarse breadcrumbs. Transfer the breadcrumb mixture to a wide, flat dish. Stir in the chopped chives and parsley. Flatten each piece of goat cheese into a disk and season with salt. Dip each disk in the beaten egg mixture and then coat with the breadcrumbs, packing the crumbs onto each disk. When all the goat cheese has been coated, chill them in the fridge for at least 1 hour. Preheat the oven to 200  <END>
INPUT: Indian, mousse, powdered gelatin, egg whites
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cardamom-Yogurt Mousse with Apricots | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 2 teaspoons powdered gelatin; 1/3 cup (75 ml) honey; 2 large egg whites; 3/4 cup (180 ml) cream; 1 1/2 cups (360 ml) plain Greek or strained yogurt (low-fat or full-fat); 1/2 teaspoon cardamom powder; Pinch salt; 6 to 8 ripe apricots, to serve | INSTRUCTIONS: Pour 1/4 cup (60 ml) water into a small saucepan and sprinkle the gelatin over it. Set aside for 5 minutes to allow the gelatin to soften. Set the pan over medium heat and whisk until the gelatin dissolves. Whisk in the honey and continue warming until the honey has thinned. In the bowl of a stand mixer (or in a large bowl, using a hand mixer), whip the egg whites until stiff. Scrape out into a separate bowl. Wipe out the mixing bowl and beat the cream until stiff peaks form. Add the yogurt and whip until combined. Beat in the cardamom and salt, then slowly pour in the warmed honey and gelatin <END>
INPUT: spiced, vegetable oil, turmeric, onion, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spiced Lemon Rice | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons vegetable oil; 1 1/2 teaspoons black, brown, or yellow mustard seeds; 1 1/2 teaspoons ground turmeric; 1 small onion, minced; 2 garlic cloves, thinly sliced; 1 Fresno chile or red jalapeño,cut into thin rings, seeded if desired; 2 cups long-grain white rice; 4 2 x 1"strips lemon peel (yellow part only) plus 1/4 cup fresh lemon juice; 2 teaspoons kosher salt; 1/2 cup roasted cashews | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat oil in a large heavy saucepan over medium heat. Add mustard seeds and turmeric and cook, shaking pan, until mustard seeds pop, 1-2 minutes. Add onion, garlic, and chile and cook, stirring occasionally, until onion is translucent, about 7 minutes. Add rice and stir to coat. Add lemon peel, salt, and 3 cups water; bring to a boil. Reduce heat to low, cover, and cook until rice is tender, 20-25 minutes. Stir in lemon juice. Cover and let stand off heat for 15 minutes. Fluff with a fork and stir in cashews. Heat oil in a large heavy saucepan over medium heat. Add mustard seeds and turmeric an <END>
INPUT: cheeseburger, loaf, Olive oil, ketchup, spicy mustard, fat free turkey, wheat breadcrumbs
OUTPUT: TITLE: Turkey Bacon Cheeseburger Turkey Loaf | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Olive oil, for greasing pan; 1/4 cup ketchup; 1 tablespoon spicy brown mustard; 1 pound 99-percent fat-free ground turkey; 1/4 cup whole-wheat breadcrumbs; 1/4 cup 1-percent milk; 2 ounces Swiss cheese; 3 slices turkey bacon, roughly chopped; 3 slices whole-wheat bread, torn; 1 large egg white; 2 teaspoons canola oil; 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped; One 8-ounce package mushrooms, coarsely chopped; 1 onion, finely chopped; 1 teaspoon salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Lightly grease a 9-by-5-inch loaf pan with olive oil. Combine the ketchup and mustard in a small bowl and set aside. Mix together the ground turkey, breadcrumbs, milk, cheese, turkey bacon, bread and egg white in a large bowl. Heat the oil in a large nonstick skillet over medium-high heat. Add the mushrooms, onions, garlic and salt and cook, stirring occasionally, until the vegetables are very tender, 5 to 7 minutes. Stir in the zucchini until softened, about 3 minutes. Remove from the heat and let cool slightly. Toss the vegeta <END>
INPUT: Italian, olive oil, garlic, Italian seasoning, each salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Round 2 Recipe - Pork Parmesan | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons olive oil; 2 teaspoons minced garlic; 1 teaspoon Italian seasoning; 1/4 teaspoon each salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 (15-ounce) can tomato sauce; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh basil leaves; 2 leftover pork chops from Fried Pork Chops recipe; 2 hoagie rolls, toasted; 2 tablespoons grated Parmesan; 1/2 cup grated mozzarella | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Heat the olive oil, in a small saucepan over low heat and add the garlic, Italian seasoning and salt and pepper. Cook for 1 minute, then stir in the tomato sauce and bring to a simmer. Turn off the heat and stir in the basil. Remove the pork meat from the bone and slice into large strips. Spoon a layer of tomato sauce on each roll and top with sliced pork meat. Cover each with more tomato sauce, sprinkle evenly with Parmesan, then top with mozzarella. Put them on a sheet pan and broil until the cheese is bubbling and pork chop is heated through, about 3 to 4  <END>
INPUT: mini, burgers, turkey, Kosher salt pepper, Monterey Jack cheese, Dijon mustard, Worcestershire sauce
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mini Black Jack Burgers | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 pounds ground turkey; Kosher salt and cracked black pepper; 1/2 cup shredded Monterey Jack cheese; 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard; 1 dash Worcestershire sauce; Blackening Spice, recipe follows; Olive oil, for cooking; 12 soft dinner rolls, split; 2 Roma tomatoes, sliced; Special Sauce, recipe follows; 1 1/2 teaspoons salt; 1 1/2 teaspoons freshly ground black pepper; 1 teaspoon cayenne pepper; 1 teaspoon garlic powder; 1 teaspoon onion powder | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Heat a large cast-iron griddle over medium-high heat. Add the ground turkey to a large mixing bowl and sprinkle lightly with salt and pepper. Stir in the cheese, mustard and Worcestershire sauce and mix until combined. Form the meat mixture into 12 equal patties. Sprinkle both sides of the patties with the Blackening Spice. Brush the griddle with some olive oil using a clean tea towel. Cook the burgers for 3 to 4 minutes per side. Serve on split rolls topped with the tomatoes and Special Sauce. Whisk together the salt, black pepper, cayenne pepper, garlic powder  <END>
INPUT: Italian, ingredient, wine, mussels, pesto, Kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: 3-Ingredient Mussels With White Wine and Pesto | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup dry white wine; 2 pounds mussels, debearded, scrubbed; 1/2 cup fresh store-bought pesto; Kosher salt, freshly ground pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring wine to a boil in a large pot. Add mussels, cover, return to a boil, then reduce heat and bring to a simmer. Cook mussels until they open, 3–4 minutes. Stir in pesto; season with salt and pepper. Using a slotted spoon, divide mussels among bowls. Top evenly with broth and serve immediately. Bring wine to a boil in a large pot. Add mussels, cover, return to a boil, then reduce heat and bring to a simmer. Cook mussels until they open, 3–4 minutes. Stir in pesto; season with salt and pepper. Using a slotted spoon, divide mussels among bowls. Top evenly with broth and serve immediately. <END>
INPUT: Italian, fiery, salad, Salt, penne pasta, shrimp, onions, celery
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fiery Shrimp, Avocado and Pasta Salad | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: Salt; 8 ounces penne pasta; 3/4 pound peeled and deveined shrimp; 2 green onions, roughly chopped; 2 ribs celery, roughly chopped; 1/4 cup olive oil; 3 tablespoons lemon juice; 1/2 teaspoon dried thyme; Tabasco sauce; 2 ripe Haas avocados | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil for the penne. Before you boil the pasta, set the shrimp in a strainer and dip them in boiling water to cook them through, a few minutes. Drain, cool, pat dry and cut into 1/2-inch pieces. Add the penne to the same boiling water and cook for about 8 to 10 minutes or until tender but still firm. In a food processor puree the green onions, celery, oil, lemon juice, and thyme. Season to taste with Tabasco sauce. Drain pasta and rinse under cold water to cool thoroughly. Drain again and pat dry. Combine the pasta, shrimp and toss with the dressing. Right <END>
INPUT: salad, parsley, kalamata, walnuts, onions, tomatoes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Parsley Walnut Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 bunches fresh parsley; 1 cup pitted kalamata, Greek, or nicoise olives (about 1 1/4 cups with pits); 1 cup walnuts, toasted*; 1 bunch green onions; 2 large tomatoes, peeled and seeded; 1/3 cup good-quality extra virgin olive oil; 1/3 cup fresh lemon juice; 1/2 teaspoon cumin powder; 1/2 teaspoon red pepper flakes; Kosher salt; Freshly ground coarse black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Remove the stems from the parsley and mince either by hand or with quick pulses in a food processor. The parsley should be finely chopped, but if you use a food processor be careful not to puree it. The parsley should form a fluffy base for other textures. Chop the olives, walnuts, and green onions by hand into a rough dice. Dice the prepared tomatoes and drain. Combine all of the chopped ingredients in a large wooden bowl. Add the olive oil, lemon juice, cumin, and red pepper flakes and toss to combine. Add salt and pepper, to taste. *To toast nuts: Place nuts in a dry saute pan over medium h <END>
INPUT: Italian, ravioli filled cheese, Salt, cornmeal, Parmigiano Reggiano Romano, nutmeg
OUTPUT: TITLE: Turkey Cutlets with Fried Ravioli | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 12 to 14-ounce package fresh ravioli filled with cheese, spinach or mushroom and cheese; Salt; 1 cup cornmeal, eyeball it; 1/4 cup grated Parmigiano-Reggiano or Romano, a couple of handfuls; 1/2 teaspoon nutmeg, freshly grated or ground; 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 2 tablespoons butter; 1 1/3 pounds turkey cutlets, available in packaged poultry case; 2 tablespoons fresh rosemary leaves, chopped, the yield of a few sprigs, stripped; Coarse black pepper; Fresh bay leaves, 1 for each cutlet or small dried bay leaves; 2 lemons, zested and juiced; 1 cup dry white wine or dry vermouth; Cooked rapine, recipe follows | INSTRUCTIONS: Place a large pot of water to boil over high heat. Add a healthy dose of salt to boiling water to season it. Add ravioli and cook to package directions for al dente. Pour cornmeal onto a plate and combine with grated cheese, then season with nutmeg and black pepper. Heat a medium nonstick skillet over moderate heat and add 1 tablespoon oil and 1 tablespoon butter. Drain ravioli. Dust hot, cooked ravioli with cornmeal. Add coated ravioli to the skillet and brown on both sides, 3 or 4 minutes total. While pasta is working, preheat a large skillet for cutlets over medium to medium high heat. Seas <END>
INPUT: mousse, cream, cauliflower, bay scallops, egg, Worcestershire sauce
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cauliflower Stuffed with Saffron and Scallop Mousse | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 24 ounces cream; 1 head cauliflower, cut into florets; 1 pound bay scallops; 1 egg; 1 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce; 1/2 teaspoon hot pepper sauce (recommended: Tabasco); 1 tablespoon saffron steeped in 2 ounces white wine; Salt and pepper; Olive oil; 1 leek washed, thinly sliced; 4 baby fennel, cleaned, thinly sliced; 4 cups baby greens | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring the cream to a simmer in a large saucepan. Add the cauliflower and simmer until the cauliflower is tender, about 10 to 15 minutes. Drain, reserving both the cauliflower and the cream. Chill the cream. Place half the bay scallops, egg, Worcestershire, and hot pepper sauce in food processor and blend until all ingredients are incorporated. Add cream used for cooking cauliflower, steeped saffron and steeping liquid, and blend thoroughly. Season with salt and pepper. Set up a bamboo stovetop steamer and heat over simmering water. Line a small teacup with cauliflower florets and fill with saf <END>
INPUT: American, cupcakes, frosting, vanilla cake mix, milk, vegetable oil, eggs
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mini Pumpkin Cupcakes with Chocolate Frosting | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cups (12 ounces) canned 100 percent pure pumpkin (recommended: Libby's); 2 cups vanilla cake mix (recommended: Betty Crocker Super Moist French Vanilla); 1/2 cup whole milk, at room temperature; 1/4 cup vegetable oil; 2 eggs, at room temperature; 2 teaspoons pumpkin pie spice; 1 cup powdered sugar; 1/2 cup cream cheese, at room temperature; 1/2 stick unsalted butter, at room temperature; 1/2 cup unsweetened cocoa powder; 1/4 cup sour cream; To decorate: mini-chocolate chips, sprinkles, colored sugar, small candies | INSTRUCTIONS: Cupcakes: Put an oven rack in the center of the oven. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line 36 mini cupcake molds with paper liners. Set aside. In a large bowl, combine the pumpkin, cake mix, milk, oil, eggs, and pumpkin pie spice. Using an electric hand mixer, beat the mixture on low speed until smooth. Increase the speed to high and beat until light and fluffy, 2 minutes. Using a small ice cream scoop, fill the prepared molds with the batter. Bake until puffed and golden, about 10 to 12 minutes. Cool in the pan for 10 minutes. Transfer to a wire rack to cool completely before frosting, abo <END>
INPUT: spinach, olive oil, garlic, chili flakes, lemon juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sauteed Spinach | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound fresh spinach; 3 tablespoons olive oil; 4 cloves garlic, minced; 1/2 teaspoon red chili flakes; 2 tablespoons freshly squeezed lemon juice; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring a large pot of water to a boil. Add spinach and stir for 30 seconds. Strain in a colander. Squeeze out excess water. Reserve spinach. In a saute pan over medium-high heat add olive oil. Add garlic and chili and cook for approximately 2 minutes, or until garlic just begins to brown. Add spinach and saute for 2 minutes. Add lemon juice, salt and pepper. Toss and serve immediately. <END>
INPUT: carrot, celery, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Trout in Riesling | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons (1 oz) unsalted butter plus additional for greasing; 1 medium carrot; 1 celery rib; 4 (6- to 8-oz) trout fillets with skin; 1 1/2 teaspoons salt; 1 teaspoon black pepper; 4 medium shallots, cut lengthwise into 1/8-inch-thick slices (1 cup); 2 fresh parsley sprigs; 5 black peppercorns; 1 1/2 cups water; 1 1/2 cups dry Riesling; 3/4 cup heavy cream; 2 teaspoons cornstarch; 2 teaspoons chopped fresh tarragon; 1/2 teaspoon fresh lemon juice | INSTRUCTIONS: Put oven rack in middle position and preheat oven to 375°F. Butter bottom and sides of a 13- by 9-inch glass baking dish. Cut carrot and celery lengthwise with slicer into very thin matchsticks (less than 1/8 inch wide and 2 1/2 inches long). Rinse trout and remove any pin bones with tweezers or needlenose pliers. Pat dry, then sprinkle 1/2 teaspoon each of salt and pepper on fish (flesh sides only). Arrange fillets in baking dish, skin sides down, overlapping slightly. Heat butter (2 tablespoons) in a 12-inch heavy skillet over moderate heat until foam subsides, then cook shallots, stirring,  <END>
INPUT: corn, kosher salt, cornstarch, sugar, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Creamy Corn with Chives | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 ears corn, shucked; 1 teaspoon kosher salt; 3/4 teaspoon cornstarch; Pinch sugar, optional; 1/4 cup finely chopped onion; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1/3 cup water; 2 tablespoons minced fresh chives; Freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Working over a shallow bowl, cut off corn kernels, then scrape each cob with a knife to extract juice. Discard cobs. Puree 2 cups kernels, reserving remainder, and all of juice in a food processor 2 minutes, scraping down sides. Force through a fine sieve into a bowl and discard solids. Stir in salt, cornstarch, and sugar. Cook onion in butter in a saucepan over moderately low heat, stirring frequently, until softened. Add reserved kernels and water and simmer briskly, covered, stirring occasionally, until corn is crisp-tender, 4 to 5 minutes. Stir corn puree again, then stir into kernels. Bri <END>
INPUT: puree, sweet potatoes, garlic, heavy cream, sambal, butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sambal Sweet Potato Puree | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 5 large sweet potatoes, baked until a easily pierced with a knife; 6 garlic cloves, peeled; 2 cups heavy cream; 1 tablespoon sambal; 2-4 ounces of butter; Salt and black pepper to taste | INSTRUCTIONS: Place cream and garlic in saucepan and on low heat, reduce the cream to 1 cup. Scoop out potato into a food processor. Puree and add cream, sambal, butter, salt and pepper. Check for seasoning. Keep warm for serving; <END>
INPUT: Italian, courgettes, zucchini, basil, unsalted butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Courgettes with Basil | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound medium zucchini; 1/3 cup packed chopped fresh basil, plus small leaves for garnish; 1 tablespoon unsalted butter | INSTRUCTIONS: Wash zucchini, dry well, and grate on large holes of box grater. Place in bowl with basil, salt and freshly ground black pepper. Toss well. In large nonstick skillet, melt butter. Add zucchini mixture. Cook over medium heat for 10 minutes, stirring often, until soft. Do not brown. Taste again for seasoning. Garnish with basil leaves.; <END>
INPUT: salad, herbs, wine vinegar, garlic, virgin olive oil, cubes crusty bread, vine ripened tomatoes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tomato Bread Salad with Herbs | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon red-wine vinegar; 1 garlic clove, minced and mashed to a paste with a pinch salt; 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 2 cups 3/4-inch cubes crusty bread; 1/2 pound vine-ripened red tomatoes, cut into 3/4-inch wedges; 1/2 pound vine-ripened yellow tomatoes, cut into 3/4-inch wedges; 1/4 cup Niçoise or Kalamata olives; 1/4 cup fresh basil leaves, washed well, spun dry, and chopped fine; 1 tablespoon fresh marjoram leaves, chopped fine | INSTRUCTIONS: In a bowl whisk together vinegar, garlic paste, and pepper to taste and whisk in oil until emulsified. Add remaining ingredients and salt to taste and toss to combine well. Let salad stand at room temperature 15 minutes to allow bread to soak up some dressing. In a bowl whisk together vinegar, garlic paste, and pepper to taste and whisk in oil until emulsified. Add remaining ingredients and salt to taste and toss to combine well. Let salad stand at room temperature 15 minutes to allow bread to soak up some dressing. <END>
INPUT: compote, salt, pepper, shallots, creme de Cassis
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pan-Seared Duck Breast with Cassis Compote | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 (6-ounce) boneless duck breasts (They may come as 1 butterflied breast. If so, slice down the middle to separate them.) The best ducks are Moscovy d; 1 teaspoon salt; 3 teaspoons coarsely ground black pepper; 4 shallots, minced; 1/4 cup creme de Cassis; 1/2 cup black currant jam (unsweetened if possible), or black cherry, boysenberry, or similar preserve; 1/4 cup balsamic vinegar or red wine vinegar | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Place the duck skin side up. Using a sharp knife, score 4 (1/4-inch-deep) cuts across the skin at a 45 degree angle. Sprinkle 1/4 teaspoon salt and 1/4 teaspoon pepper over the meat side of each duck breast. Heat a well-seasoned skillet or nonstick pan over high heat. When pan is hot, add duck breasts, skin side down, and cook for 5 minutes, or until skin is brown and crispy. Flip and cook for 2 more minutes. If you are unfamiliar with duck breasts, don't be put off by their unusual look. The fat-to-meat proportions reverse themselves when cooked, as much of the  <END>
INPUT: croquettes, milk, chicken stock, pepper, parsley leaves, Salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken Croquettes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup milk; 1 cup fresh chicken stock (canned broth may be substituted); 1/4 teaspoon white pepper; 2 teaspoons freshly chopped parsley leaves; Salt, to taste (only if using fresh chicken stock); 1/4 pound butter; 1 stalk celery, minced; 1 cup all-purpose flour; 1 1/4 pounds cooked chicken meat, ground in food processor; 2 cups milk; 2 eggs; 1/8 teaspoon salt; 3 cups all-purpose flour or cracker meal; 3 cups breadcrumbs; 3 tablespoons butter | INSTRUCTIONS: For the croquette batter: In a heavy pot, heat the milk and chicken stock on the stove and then add the white pepper, fresh parsley and salt, if needed. In a separate heavy pot, melt the butter and add the minced celery. Stir in the flour and cook for 3 minutes. Pour in the hot milk and stock and stir until thickened and smooth. Fold in the chicken meat and allow to cool. Breading the croquettes: Shape 3 ounce portions of croquette batter in the shape of a cone and place on a tray lined with waxed paper. Next make an egg wash from the milk, eggs and salt. Dip the croquettes in the egg wash and <END>
INPUT: Asian, caviar, hiziki, unfiltered apple juice, shoyu, water, sesame oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Hiziki Caviar with Cornmeal Blini | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 6 tablespoons of hiziki; 2/3 cups of unfiltered apple juice; 2 tablespoons of shoyu; 1/3 cup of water; 2 teaspoons of sesame oil; 1 3/4 cups of diced onion; 1 tablespoon of minced garlic; 1 small piece of ginger root, peeled; 1 tablespoon of lemon juice; Sea salt to taste; Chopped parsley or chives as garnish; Cornmeal blini, recipe follows; 1/2 cup of cornmeal; 1/2 cup of whole wheat pastry flour; 2 teaspoons of baking powder | INSTRUCTIONS: Place hiziki in a bowl and rinse once with lukewarm water. Cover with apple juice, shoyu, water, and soak 30 minutes. Heat sesame oil in a skillet. Add the onion and then garlic; add sea salt and saute for 5 minutes. Add hiziki and soaking liquid, cover and cook 10 minutes. Grate ginger and add it to the skillet along with the lemon juice. Cook the mixture covered for 10 minutes. Uncover and cook over medium heat until liquid is absorbed. Allow hiziki mixture to cool slightly and pulse in food processor for a few seconds. Serve chilled but not icy cold. Sift cornmeal, flour, baking powder, bak <END>
INPUT: virgin olive oil, butter, garlic, coarse pepper, lemons
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lemon-Pepper Capellini | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 3 tablespoons butter; 4 cloves garlic, finely chopped; 1 teaspoon coarse black pepper; 2 lemons, zested and juiced; Salt; 1/2 pound capellini; 1/2 cup shredded or torn basil leaves; Grated cheese, to pass at table | INSTRUCTIONS: Place water on to boil for pasta. In a large skillet combine olive oil and butter over medium heat. Add garlic, pepper and the lemon zest. Salt water when it boils then cook capellini to al dente, 2 to 3 minutes. Add a ladle of cooking water to lemon pepper butter and stir in the lemon juice. Drain pasta and toss with lemon-pepper butter and salt, to taste. Add the basil to the pasta and serve a small bundle alongside your entree or serve as a delicate first course. <END>
INPUT: berry, compote, raspberries, blackberries, strawberries, wine, crème de cassis
OUTPUT: TITLE: Berry Compote with Crispy Won Ton Strips and Vanilla Ice Cream | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup raspberries; 1 cup blackberries, halved lengthwise if large; 1 cup quartered strawberries; 1/2 cup dry white wine; 1 tablespoon crème de cassis or Chambord liqueur; 1/4 cup sugar; 1 to 2 cups vegetable oil for frying; 8 won ton wrappers, thawed if frozen, cut into 1/4-inch-wide strips; 1 pint vanilla ice cream; Garnish: confectioners sugar for dusting | INSTRUCTIONS: Make compote: Combine berries in a large bowl. Heat wine, crème de cassis, and sugar in a small heavy saucepan, stirring, until sugar is dissolved, then pour over berries. Toss gently and let stand 10 minutes. Combine berries in a large bowl. Heat wine, crème de cassis, and sugar in a small heavy saucepan, stirring, until sugar is dissolved, then pour over berries. Toss gently and let stand 10 minutes. Fry won ton strips while compote is standing: Heat 1/2 inch oil in a heavy skillet over moderate heat until a won ton strip sizzles when added. Fry strips in 2 or 3 batches, stirring gently with <END>
INPUT: Italian, marinade, olive oil, dark beer, lemon juice, garlic, sea salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Beer Marinade | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup olive oil; 1 cup dark beer; 1/4 cup lemon juice; 4 cloves garlic, smashed; 1 1/2 teaspoons sea salt; 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 2 bay leaves; 1 teaspoon dry mustard; 1 teaspoon basil; 1 teaspoon oregano; 1 teaspoon thyme | INSTRUCTIONS: To prepare the marinade, whisk together the oil, beer, and lemon juice. Add the garlic, salt, pepper, bay leaves, mustard, basil, oregano, and thyme. Mix well. <END>
INPUT: macarons, pistachios, granulated sugar, almond flour, vegetable oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pistachio Macarons | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup raw pistachios; 1/4 cup granulated sugar; 2 tablespoons almond flour; 1 tablespoon vegetable oil; 1/4 cup (4 tablespoons) unsalted butter; 1/4 cup almond paste (see Cook's Note); 1/4 teaspoon almond extract; 1 1/4 cups powdered sugar; 2/3 cup almond flour; Pinch fine salt; 1 tablespoon granulated sugar; 1/4 teaspoon vanilla extract; 5 drops green food coloring; 2 egg whites | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: A candy thermometer and a piping bag with a 1/4-inch round tip For the pistachio cream filling: Preheat the oven to 300 degrees F. Spread the pistachios onto a baking sheet and toast for 15 minutes. Let cool. Place the granulated sugar and 1 tablespoon water in a saucepan and bring to a boil over medium heat (brush down the sides with water to avoid any clinging granules of sugar and prevent crystallization). Cook the syrup until it reaches 250 degrees F on a candy thermometer. Add the toasted pistachios to the hot syrup and stir until the nuts are well coated. When all the  <END>
INPUT: baby carrots, unsalted butter, honey, lemon juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Honey-Glazed Baby Carrots | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/4 pounds baby carrots, trimmed and peeled; 1 tablespoon unsalted butter; 1 1/2 tablespoons honey; 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice | INSTRUCTIONS: In a steamer set over boiling water steam the carrots for 4 to 8 minutes, or until they are just tender, and transfer them to a bowl. In a skillet melt the butter with the honey and the lemon juice, stirring until the mixture is smooth, and add the carrots. Cook the mixture over moderately low heat, stirring, for 1 to 2 minutes, or until the carrots are glazed evenly and heated through, and season it with salt and pepper. In a steamer set over boiling water steam the carrots for 4 to 8 minutes, or until they are just tender, and transfer them to a bowl. In a skillet melt the butter with the ho <END>
INPUT: chips, beets, cornstarch, safflower vegetable oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Beet Chips | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 medium beets (about 3/4 pound); 1/4 cup cornstarch; about 4 cups safflower or vegetable oil for deep-frying | INSTRUCTIONS: Peel beets. Using a mandoline or other manual slicer cut beets into paper-thin slices and transfer to a large bowl. Add cornstarch and toss well to coat. In a 3-quart saucepan heat oil until a deep-fat thermometer registers 350°F. Working in batches of 8 to 10 slices, separating them from one another, fry beets, turning once or twice, until crisp and beginning to shrivel, 30 seconds to 1 minute, making sure oil returns to 350°F before adding next batch. Transfer chips as fried with a large slotted spoon to paper towels to drain and season with salt. Beet chips may be made 12 hours ahead and ke <END>
INPUT: chile, olive oil, pepper flakes, fennel seeds, tomatoes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tomatoes in Chile-Fennel Oil | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup olive oil; 2 tablespoons crushed red pepper flakes; 1 tablespoon fennel seeds; 3 pounds large tomatoes, preferably heirloom, sliced into 1/4"-thick rounds; 1 tablespoon (or more) red wine vinegar; Flaky sea salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook oil, red pepper flakes, and fennel seeds in a small saucepan over medium-low heat, stirring occasionally, until oil around spices is sizzling, about 5 minutes. Reduce heat to low and continue to cook until oil is infused with flavor and rusty-orange in color, 20–30 minutes. Let cool. Arrange tomatoes on a large platter and drizzle with vinegar, then chile-fennel oil. Season with more vinegar if desired and sprinkle with salt. Cook oil, red pepper flakes, and fennel seeds in a small saucepan over medium-low heat, stirring occasionally, until oil around spices is sizzling, about 5 minutes.  <END>
INPUT: saute, butter, so flour dusting, scallops. trimmed their, Salt pepper, olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Scallops with a Saute of Red Cabbage | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1-2 tablespoons butter; 2 tablespoons or so of flour for dusting; 1 1/4 pounds scallops. trimmed of their "foot"; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 tablespoons olive oil; Small red cabbage, cut into long strips; Garlic clove, minced; 1-2 tablespoons dry white wine or white balsamic vinegar; 2 tablespoons chopped parsley | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat some butter in a non-stick skillet. Lightly dust the scallops with flour on one side only; shake off excess. When hot, add the scallops, floured side down, and saute, over moderate high heat, without moving for 2 to 3 minutes or until one side develops a crust. Put a lid on the scallops to help finish steaming the top or, if the heat is high enough, the scallops will cook from the bottom through to the top. Lightly season with salt and pepper. Heat the olive oil in a skillet. When hot add the cabbage and garlic and saute for a few minutes just long enough to wilt it down. (You may need to <END>
INPUT: Mexican, gelato, Plain Base, lime juice, lime zest, graham crackers
OUTPUT: TITLE: Key Lime with Graham Cracker Gelato | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: Plain Base; 3 tablespoons fresh lime juice, preferably Key lime; 2 teaspoons grated lime zest; 3/4 cup crushed graham crackers (see Note), frozen | INSTRUCTIONS: Make the Plain Base and chill as directed. Gently whisk the lime juice and zest into the base. Pour the mixture into the container of an ice cream machine and churn according to the manufacturer's instructions. Just after churning quickly stir in the graham cracker crumbs. Transfer to an airtight container and freeze for at least 2 hours before serving. Make the Plain Base and chill as directed. Gently whisk the lime juice and zest into the base. Pour the mixture into the container of an ice cream machine and churn according to the manufacturer's instructions. Just after churning quickly stir  <END>
INPUT: lion, marinade, pork loins, rosemary leaves, shallots, garlic, lemon zest
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Pork Lion with Garlic Rosemary Marinade | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 boneless pork loins; 1/4 cup chopped fresh rosemary leaves; 1/4 cup minced shallots; 5 cloves garlic, finely minced; 1 tablespoon minced lemon zest; 1/3 cup dry white wine; 1/3 cup freshly squeezed lemon juice; 1/3 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 1/3 cup Dijon mustard; 1/4 cup oyster sauce; 1/4 cup honey; 1 teaspoon chipotle chili sauce | INSTRUCTIONS: Rinse the pork loin medallions, place in a bowl. Combine the marinade ingredients and coat the pork loin pieces evenly. Cover and refrigerate for at least 30 minutes or up to 8 hours. Grill the loins for about 5 to 8 minutes on each side. As the pork cooks, brush with marinade. Transfer the pork to a heated dinner plate and serve at once. <END>
INPUT: Italian, nonna, butternut squash, milk ricotta, heavy cream, garlic, shallots
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lasagna Nonna | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 3 butternut squash; 3 pounds whole milk ricotta; 3 cups heavy cream; 1/4 cup minced garlic; 1/4 cup minced shallots; 2 tablespoons dried basil; 2 tablespoons dried oregano; 2 teaspoons crushed red pepper flakes; 1/4 cup fresh sage leaves; Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper; 4 cups marinara sauce; 8 sheets fresh lasagna noodles; 12 cups baby spinach; 1/2 cup Parmesan; 2 cups shredded mozzarella | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Special equipment: 2 medium lasagna pans Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Cut the butternut squash in half and spoon out the seeds. Place on baking sheet cut-side down. Add some water and bake until a knife slides through the skin and squash easily. Cool and then spoon the flesh from the shell. Set aside for later use. Raise the oven temperature to 400 degrees F. Place the ricotta, cream, garlic, shallots, basil, oregano and red pepper flakes in a medium-size mixing bowl. Whisk to combine until there are no lumps. Mince up the sage and add to the ricotta mix. A <END>
INPUT: canola oil, onion, smoked Virginia ham, garlic, Two navy beans
OUTPUT: TITLE: Baked Beans with Ham | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 teaspoons canola oil; 1 medium onion, diced; 12-ounces smoked Virginia ham, cut into 1/4-inch cubes; 2 cloves garlic, minced; Two 15-ounce cans navy beans (preferably low-sodium), drained and rinsed; One 15-ounce can crushed tomatoes (preferably low-sodium); 1/2 cup water; 1/4 cup unsulfured molasses; 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard; 1 tablespoon cider vinegar; 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Heat the oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Add the onion and cook until softened and translucent, about 5 minutes. Add the ham and garlic and cook for an additional 3 minutes. Stir in the beans, crushed tomatoes, water, molasses, mustard, vinegar, and pepper. Bring to a boil, then reduce the heat to a simmer. Cover and cook until about half of the liquid is absorbed, 15 minutes. Yield: 4 servings Serving size: 1 1/4 cups baked beans <END>
INPUT: gravlaks, jelly, sugar, kosher salt, pepper, dill
OUTPUT: TITLE: Arctic Char Gravlaks with Cucumber Jelly | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 (1 1/4-lb) center-cut piece arctic char fillet with skin, pin bones removed; 1/2 cup sugar; 1/4 cup kosher salt; 1 tablespoon coarsely ground black pepper; 3 cups coarsely chopped fresh dill (from 2 large bunches); 3 seedless cucumbers (usually plastic-wrapped; 3 lb total); 3/4 teaspoon table salt; 2 teaspoons unflavored gelatin (from 1 envelope); 1 tablespoon distilled white vinegar; 1 tablespoon tiny fresh dill fronds; Accompaniment: thin Scandinavian crispbread such as Kavli | INSTRUCTIONS: Make gravlaks: Pat fish dry, then transfer, skin side up, to a large sheet of plastic wrap. Stir together sugar, salt, and pepper, then rub 3 tablespoons of mixture onto skin of fish. Turn fish over and thickly coat with remaining sugar mixture, then pack dill on top. Wrap fish tightly in 2 or 3 layers of plastic wrap (to prevent leakage; salt mixture will liquefy as fish cures) and transfer to a large shallow baking pan. Put another baking pan or a cutting board on top of fish and weight down with 3 or 4 full cans (about 3 lb total). Let fish cure, chilled, turning wrapped fillet over roughly <END>
INPUT: honey, vanilla bean, heavy cream, milk, kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Caramelized-Honey Brûlée | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 cup honey; 1 vanilla bean, split lengthwise; 3 cups heavy cream; 1 cup whole milk; 3/4 teaspoons kosher salt; 8 large egg yolks; 3 tablespoons sugar; Eight 6 ounce ramekins; a kitchen torch | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 300°. Place 3/4 cup honey in a medium saucepan and scrape in vanilla seeds; save pod for another use. Cook over medium-high, swirling pan occasionally, until honey darkens and smells almost burnt (don't worry, this is what you're going for!) and bubbling begins to slow, 5-8 minutes. Gradually add cream, then milk, to caramelized honey, stirring constantly until combined. Whisk salt into egg yolks in a medium bowl, then stream in honey-caramel mixture, whisking constantly. Strain through a fine-mesh sieve into a large measuring cup. Divide among ramekins. Place ramekins in a lar <END>
INPUT: salad, herbs, mustard seeds, honey, apple cider vinegar, kosher salt, apples
OUTPUT: TITLE: Apple Salad with Toasted Mustard Seeds and Herbs | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup yellow and/or brown mustard seeds; 2 tablespoons honey; 3/4 cup plus 2 tablespoons apple cider vinegar; 1 tablespoon kosher salt, plus more; 2 large apples (such as Pink Lady or Gala), cored, very thinly sliced; 1/4 cup parsley leaves with tender stems; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh chives; 2 tablespoons olive oil; Freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Toast mustard seeds in a small saucepan over medium heat until they begin to pop, about 2 minutes. Add honey, 3/4 cup vinegar, and 1 Tbsp. salt. Bring to a simmer, swirling pan occasionally, and cook until liquid is almost completely evaporated, about 5 minutes. Let cool. Toss apples in a small bowl with parsley, chives, oil, 2 Tbsp. seasoned mustard seeds, and remaining 2 Tbsp. vinegar; season with salt and pepper. Serve apple salad with extra mustard seeds alongside. Toast mustard seeds in a small saucepan over medium heat until they begin to pop, about 2 minutes. Add honey, 3/4 cup vinegar, <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, assorted bell peppers, olive oil, balsamic vinegar, onions, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Onion-and Olive-Stuffed Bell Peppers | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 8 assorted bell peppers; 4 tablespoons olive oil; 3 tablespoons balsamic vinegar; 3 large onions, halved lengthwise and sliced thin lengthwise; 3 garlic cloves, sliced thin; 12 Kalamata or other brine-cured black olives, pitted and sliced thin | INSTRUCTIONS: Halve 3 of the bell peppers lengthwise, leaving the stem ends intact, and core and seed them. Arrange the halves on a steamer rack set over simmering water, steam them, covered, for 3 to 5 minutes, or until they are tender, and invert them on paper towels to drain. In a small bowl whisk together 1 tablespoon of the oil and 1 teaspoon of the vinegar and brush the insides of the halves with the mixture. In a large heavy skillet cook the onions in the remaining 3 tablespoons oil over moderate heat, stirring, until they are softened, stir in the garlic and the remaining 5 bell peppers, cut into ju <END>
INPUT: eggs, Creamy Calcium Grits, Coarse salt pepper, skim milk, quick grits
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grits with Poached Eggs | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 large eggs; Creamy Calcium Grits, recipe follows; Coarse salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 1/2 cups skim or 1 percent milk; 1/2 cup quick-cooking grits; 1/4 cup low-fat cottage cheese; Coarse salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Fill a wide saucepan with 3 inches of water. Bring to a boil over high heat. Reduce to a simmer. Break an egg into a small, shallow bowl or cup. Lower the bowl with the egg just to the edge of the simmering water. Quickly empty egg into the bubbling water. Use a spoon, if necessary, to keep egg white together. Repeat with second egg. Simmer until yoke is just set, about 4 minutes. Using a slotted spoon, remove eggs. Drain on a paper towel or the heel of a loaf of bread. Divide grits evenly between 2 bowls. Place an egg in each bowl, over grits. Season with salt and pepper, and serve immediatel <END>
INPUT: American, unsalted butter, bread, Kosher salt, Cheddar cheese
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spicy Mac and Cheese | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon unsalted butter; 4 slices white bread, cut into 1/2-inch squares; Kosher salt; 1 tablespoon unsalted butter; 8 ounces Cheddar cheese, shredded; 8 ounces Colby cheese, shredded; 8 ounces pepper Jack cheese, shredded; 2 cups elbow pasta, cooked until almost al dente; 2 teaspoons all-purpose flour; 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt; 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 1/2 teaspoon cayenne pepper; 1/2 teaspoon dry mustard powder; 1/8 teaspoon grated nutmeg; 1/4 cup sour cream | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. To make the croutons, melt the butter in a skillet over medium heat. Add the bread cubes and toast until light golden, 4 to 6 minutes. Transfer to a paper towel-lined plate and season with a pinch of salt. Set aside. To prepare the pasta, butter the bottom and sides of a 9 x 13-inch casserole dish. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. In a medium bowl, toss together the Cheddar, Colby, and Jack cheeses. Put the cooked pasta in a large bowl and add two-thirds of the blended cheese. Set aside. To make the custard, in a large bowl, whisking between additions, mix toge <END>
INPUT: olive oil, garlic, onion, celery, bell pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Red Beans and Rice | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon olive oil; 2 large cloves garlic, lightly crushed with the side of a knife blade and minced; 1 large red onion, diced; 1 stalk celery, diced; 1 green bell pepper, stem and seeds removed and small diced; 2 (1-pound) cans red kidney beans; 1 teaspoon onion powder; 1 teaspoon salt; 1/4 teaspoon ground black pepper; 1 tablespoon hot sauce; 2 1/2 cups chicken stock; 1 cup white rice; 1 tablespoon butter; 1 tablespoon minced fresh cilantro leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat olive oil over medium-high heat in a large saucepan. Saute garlic, onion, celery, and bell pepper until tender. Stir in kidney beans, onion powder, salt, pepper, and hot sauce. Reduce heat to low and let mixture simmer slowly while you cook the rice. Bring the chicken stock to a boil and stir in rice and butter. Return to a boil, reduce heat to low, cover and cook for 20 minutes without removing the lid. Remove from heat and let stand for 5 minutes. Fold rice and beans gently together and transfer to a serving dish. Serve garnished with cilantro. <END>
INPUT: American, bread, sugar, honey, eggs, wheat flour
OUTPUT: TITLE: Apple Cheese Quick Bread | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 stick (1/2) unsalted butter, softened; 1/3 cup sugar; 1/3 cup honey; 2 large eggs; 1 cup whole-wheat flour; 1 cup all-purpose flour; 1 teaspoon double-acting baking powder; 1/2 teaspoon baking soda; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1 1/2 cups grated Granny Smith apples (about 2); 1/2 cup grated Swiss cheese; 1/2 cup chopped walnuts; cream cheese as an accompaniment | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large bowl cream together the butter and the sugar and beat in the honey and the eggs. Into the butter mixture sift together the flours, the baking powder, the baking soda, and the salt, stir the mixture until it is combined well, and stir in the apples, the cheese, and the walnuts. Spoon the batter into a buttered loaf pan, 9 by 5 by 3 inches, and bake it in the middle of a preheated 350°F. oven for 50 to 60 minutes, or until a tester comes out clean. Turn the bread out onto a rack, and let if cool completely, and serve it sliced with the cream cheese. In a large bowl cream together the  <END>
INPUT: Mexican, carne, fire roasted poblano, fire roasted tomatoes, roasted garlic, oil clarified butter, bacon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Venison Chile con Carne | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2 fire roasted poblano pepper; 2 fire roasted tomatoes, pureed; 2 to 3 ounces minced roasted garlic; 4 ounces oil or clarified butter; 3 slices diced bacon; 1 pound ground pork; 5 pounds venison; 2 tablespoons kosher salt; 1 tablespoon white pepper; 1 tablespoon black pepper; 7 tablespoons chile powder; 6 tablespoons chorizo seasoning; 3 tablespoons oregano; 1/4 tablespoon cumin; 1 ramekin chopped onions | INSTRUCTIONS: First, fire roast poblano pepper, tomatoes and garlic cloves. Dice garlic, blend tomatoes, peel and slice poblanos and set aside. Take a Dutch oven or large skillet and add oil. Heat oil and add in the bacon. Stir in ground pork and cook on high heat for 3 to 5 minutes then add in venison. Add salt to taste, white and black pepper, chile powder, chorizo seasoning, oregano and minced garlic and stir well. Add cumin slowly to your liking. Slowly, slowly add cumin, be careful (powerful stuff). Cook this all real good and stir constantly. When the meat is cooked, add in onions, bell pepper, Anahei <END>
INPUT: Italian, crouton, salad, olive oil, butter, garlic, pepper flakes, Salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tomato and Garlic Crouton Salad | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons olive oil, plus 1/4 cup; 3 tablespoons butter; 3 cloves garlic, minced; 1/4 teaspoon red pepper flakes; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1/2 loaf ciabatta bread, cut into small cubes; 3 tablespoons red wine vinegar; 2 pints red and yellow, grape and pear tomatoes, sliced in 1/2; 1 cup halved, sliced kalamata olives; 1/2 pound perlini mozzarella; 8 basil leaves, chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. In a small skillet over medium-low heat, add 3 tablespoons olive oil, the butter, garlic, red pepper flakes, and salt and pepper, to taste. Cook to infuse the butter and oil with the garlic, about 4 minutes. Add the cubed bread to a large bowl, pour the butter and garlic mixture over the bread and toss to coat. Transfer to a sheet tray and bake until crisp, about 10 minutes. Remove from the oven and let cool. In a small bowl whisk together the remaining olive oil and red wine vinegar and set aside. In a large serving bowl, combi <END>
INPUT: hash, olive oil, onions, bell pepper, jalapenos
OUTPUT: TITLE: Turkey Hash | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 ounces olive oil; 2 red onions, diced; 1 red bell pepper, julienne; 1 green bell pepper, julienne; 2 jalapenos, diced, and seeded; 2 pounds ground turkey breast; 1 teaspoon salt; 2 teaspoons freshly ground black pepper; 2 pounds red potatoes, sliced thin; 1/2 cup Roma tomatoes, diced; 1/2 lime | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. In medium saute pan, add 2 ounces olive oil, onions, peppers and saute until translucent. Add turkey and brown on all sides. Season with salt and pepper. In a separate pan, add 2 ounces of oil, and fry potatoes in oil until crispy. On a serving plate layer the turkey mixture on top of the crispy potatoes. Top with diced roma tomatoes and fresh squeezed lime juice. <END>
INPUT: crunch, chow, peppercorns, salt, bay leaves, chili flakes, ice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sweet Crunch Pork Chop with Chow-Chow and Sweet Potatoes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup black peppercorns; 1/2 cup salt; 2 dried bay leaves; 1 teaspoon chili flakes; 1 1/2 cups ice; 4 bone-in pork chops, pounded to 1/4-inch thick; 2 sweet potatoes, peeled and cut into 1-inch pieces; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1 tablespoon dark brown sugar; Salt and ground black pepper; 1 cup apple cider vinegar; 3 tablespoons sugar; 1 tablespoon salt; 1 tablespoon mustard seed; 2 teaspoons turmeric | INSTRUCTIONS: For the pork chop brine: In a saucepan, combine the peppercorns, salt, bay leaves, chili flakes and 1 1/2 cups water. Bring to a simmer and cook for 5 minutes, stirring to dissolve the salt. Remove the brine from the heat and add the ice to cool it down. Place the pork chops in a baking dish and pour the cooled brine over them. Let the pork chops sit in the fridge while you prepare the rest of the dish. For the sweet potatoes: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. On a baking sheet, toss the sweet potatoes with the oil, brown sugar and some salt and pepper. Roast the potatoes until tender and coo <END>
INPUT: Italian, frittata, salad, eggs, milk, parmesan cheese, tomatoes, basil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Ricotta Frittata With Tomato Salad | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 8 large eggs; 1/4 cup milk; 1/3 cup grated parmesan cheese; 2 medium tomatoes, chopped; 3 tablespoons chopped fresh basil; 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper; 1 bunch scallions, sliced; 1/2 small head radicchio, coarsely chopped (about 4 cups); Pinch of sugar; 1/2 cup ricotta cheese (preferably fresh) | INSTRUCTIONS: Position a rack 4 to 6 inches from the broiler and preheat the broiler. Whisk the eggs, milk and cheese in a large bowl. In another bowl, toss the tomatoes, basil, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1/2 teaspoon salt, and pepper to taste. Heat 1 tablespoon olive oil in a large nonstick ovenproof skillet over medium-high heat. Add the scallions, radicchio, sugar, and salt and pepper to taste. Cook, stirring, until the radicchio is tender, about 3 minutes, then add to the bowl with the egg mixture and stir. Wipe out the skillet. Heat the remaining 1 tablespoon olive oil in the skillet over medium-high heat <END>
INPUT: salad, potatoes, Kosher salt, celery, sweet onion, mayonnaise
OUTPUT: TITLE: Smoked Paprika Potato Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 large red potatoes , cubed (about 3 pounds); Kosher salt; 2 ribs celery, finely chopped; 1/2 large sweet onion, finely chopped; 3/4 cup mayonnaise; 2 tablespoons yellow mustard; 2 heaping tablespoons sweet pickle relish; 1 tablespoon sugar; 2 teaspoons smoked paprika; Freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Add the potatoes to a large saucepan of cold water. Bring up to a boil, add a nice handful of salt and reduce to a simmer. Cook until tender, about 20 minutes. Drain and cool. Add the potatoes, celery and onions to a large bowl. Whisk together the mayonnaise, mustard, relish, sugar, smoked paprika and some salt and pepper in a separate bowl. Fold the dressing into the potatoes. Cover with plastic wrap and place in the fridge for at least 3 hours so the flavors can marry. <END>
INPUT: cola, Campari, orange liqueur, orange juice, Ice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Campari Cola | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 12 ounces cola; 2 ounces Campari; 2 ounces orange liqueur; 1/4 cup fresh orange juice; Ice | INSTRUCTIONS: Orange slices, for garnish Add cola, bitters, orange liqueur, and juice to a pitcher filled with ice. Stir to combine. Pour into serving glasses and garnish with orange slices. <END>
INPUT: gravy, vegetable oil, onions, carrots, thyme, bay leaf
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pork Shoulder with Mustard-Mushroom Gravy | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons vegetable oil; 4 cups chopped onions; 2 cups chopped peeled carrots (about 12 ounces); 1 1/2 teaspoons dried thyme; 1 bay leaf; 4 1/2 cups (or more) canned low-salt chicken broth; 2 cups dry white wine; 1 7 1/2-pound picnic pork shoulder roast, trimmed of rind and all but 1/8-inch-thick layer of fat; 6 tablespoons (3/4 stick) butter, room temperature; 1/2 pound fresh shiitake mushrooms, stemmed, coarsely chopped; 6 ounces crimini mushrooms, coarsely chopped; 1/4 cup unbleached all purpose flour; 3 tablespoons Dijon mustard | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat oil in heavy large pot over medium-high heat. Add onions, carrots, thyme and bay leaf. Sauté until tender, about 10 minutes. Add 4 1/2 cups broth and wine. Bring to boil. Reduce heat; cover pot partially. Simmer 40 minutes, stirring occasionally and skimming off fat if necessary. Strain into 4-cup glass measuring cup, pressing on solids; discard solids. Add more broth if necessary to measure 4 cups, or return broth to pot and boil until reduced to 4 cups. (Can be made 1 day ahead. Cool to room temperature. Cover; chill.) Position rack in bottom third of oven and preheat to 325°F. Place ro <END>
INPUT: flourless, cake, cacao bittersweet chocolate, eggs, Frangelico other hazelnut
OUTPUT: TITLE: Flourless Chocolate-Hazelnut Cake | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 12 ounces 60% cacao bittersweet chocolate, chopped; 3/4 cup (1 1/2 sticks) unsalted butter, cut into chunks; 6 large eggs; 1 cup (packed) golden brown sugar; 1/2 cup Frangelico or other hazelnut liqueur, divided; 1 cup finely ground hazelnuts (ground in processor; about 5 ounces); 1 teaspoon coarse kosher salt; 1 cup chilled heavy whipping cream; Chopped toasted hazelnuts | INSTRUCTIONS: Position rack in center of oven and preheat to 350°F. Butter 9-inch-diameter springform pan. Line bottom of pan with parchment paper round. Wrap outside of pan tightly with 3 layers of heavy-duty foil. Combine chocolate and butter in medium metal bowl; set bowl over saucepan of simmering water. Whisk until mixture is melted and smooth. Remove bowl from over water. Whisk eggs, golden brown sugar, and 1/4 cup Frangelico in large bowl to blend. Add chocolate mixture and whisk until smooth. Stir in ground hazelnuts and 1 teaspoon coarse kosher salt. Transfer batter to prepared pan. Place springfor <END>
INPUT: garlic, rosemary, virgin olive oil, Salt pepper, leg lamb
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Leg of Lamb with Rosemary, Roasted Pears, and Black Pepper Polenta | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 head garlic, cloves removed and peeled; 2 fresh rosemary sprigs, needles stripped from stem, plus 8 sprigs; Extra-virgin olive oil; Salt and fresh ground black pepper; 5 to 7 pound leg of lamb, boned butterflied and surface fat removed; Salt and pepper; 8 red-skinned pears; 4 tablespoons balsamic vinegar; 8 fresh rosemary sprigs; Black Pepper Polenta, recipe follows; 2 quarts chicken stock; 1 teaspoon salt; 2 cups polenta or yellow cornmeal; 1/3 cup heavy cream; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. In a blender, combine the garlic, rosemary, and 3/4 cup of oil; season with salt and pepper. Puree until everything comes together to form a paste; set aside for a few minutes to let the flavors marry. Lay the lamb out flat, open like a book. Score the surface lightly with a paring knife. Rub the lamb with the garlic paste, being sure to get in the incisions. Roll up the lamb and tie with butcher's twine to hold the roast together. Prepare an outdoor gas or charcoal grill. Season the lamb generously with salt and pepper, and then place it on the hot grill (put it <END>
INPUT: salad, cups, grilled salmon, mayonnaise, sour cream, capers, dill gherkins
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Salmon Salad in Endive Cups with Caviar | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 12 ounces chilled grilled salmon, broken into large flakes; 1/4 cup mayonnaise; 1/4 cup sour cream; 1 tablespoon capers, drained and roughly chopped; 1/4 cup dill gherkins, drained and finely chopped; 1 1/2 tablespoons minced fresh dill; Pinch salt; Pinch freshly ground black pepper; 4 heads Belgian endive; Salmon roe or wasabi caviar | INSTRUCTIONS: In a bowl, combine salmon, mayonnaise, sour cream, capers, gherkins, dill, salt and pepper. With a sharp knife, cut off the base of the endive and separate the leaves. Use a teaspoon to fill the end of each endive leaf with salad. To serve, arrange on a platter and top each leaf with salmon roe or wasabi caviar. <END>
INPUT: beans, orégano, Kalamata other brine, unsalted butter, lemon juice taste
OUTPUT: TITLE: Green Beans with Olives | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 pound green beans, trimmed; 1/2 teaspoon dried orégano; 4 Kalamata or other brine-cured black olives, pitted and chopped; 1 tablespoon softened unsalted butter; lemon juice to taste | INSTRUCTIONS: In a saucepan of boiling salted water boil the green beans with the orégano for 5 minutes, or until they are crisp-tender. Drain the beans, transfer them to a bowl, and toss them with the olives, the butter, the lemon juice, and salt and pepper to taste. In a saucepan of boiling salted water boil the green beans with the orégano for 5 minutes, or until they are crisp-tender. Drain the beans, transfer them to a bowl, and toss them with the olives, the butter, the lemon juice, and salt and pepper to taste. <END>
INPUT: Peanut oil, beer, all purpose flour, salt, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fried Green Beans | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Peanut oil, for frying; 1 cup beer; 1 cup all-purpose flour; 2 teaspoons salt, plus more for seasoning; 1/2 teaspoon ground black pepper, plus more for seasoning; 1 pound green beans, ends trimmed | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat oil to 375 degrees F. Whisk the beer, flour, salt and pepper until smooth. Dip green beans into batter to coat, letting excess drip off. Fry in the peanut oil in batches, until they are golden and crisp. Remove from oil with a spider strainer to a paper towel lined sheet tray. Sprinkle with salt and pepper. <END>
INPUT: Indian, chutney, olive oil, onions, bell pepper, ginger, mangoes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mango and Red Onion Chutney | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup olive oil; 2 medium red onions, cut into 1/2-inch cubes; 1 red bell pepper, cut into 1/4-inch dice; 1/4 cup minced peeled fresh ginger; 4 mangoes (3 lb), peeled and cut into 1/2-inch cubes; 1 cup canned unsweetened pineapple juice; 1/2 cup cider vinegar; 1/2 cup packed light brown sugar; 1 tablespoon curry powder; 1 1/2 teaspoons dried hot red pepper flakes; Coarsely ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat oil in a 12-inch heavy skillet over moderately high heat until hot but not smoking, then sauté onions, stirring frequently, until softened. Add bell pepper and ginger and sauté, stirring, 1 minute. Stir in mangoes, pineapple juice, vinegar, brown sugar, curry powder, and red pepper flakes. Simmer,stirring occasionally, until thickened, about 15 minutes. Season with salt and coarse pepper, then cool. Serve chutney at room temperature. Heat oil in a 12-inch heavy skillet over moderately high heat until hot but not smoking, then sauté onions, stirring frequently, until softened. Add bell pep <END>
INPUT: granita, sugar, Granny Smith apples, celery without leaves, wasabi paste powdered
OUTPUT: TITLE: Apple Celery Granita | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 (1,000-mg) vitaminutes C tablet (ascorbic acid), crushed to a powder with back of a spoon; 1/3 cup sugar; 3 Granny Smith apples (1 1/2 pounds), cut lengthwise into 1-inch-thick sticks; 6 medium celery ribs without leaves (1 pound); 1/2 teaspoon wasabi paste or powdered wasabi; 1 to 1 1/2 teaspoons water; Flaky sea salt such as Maldon; 1 to 2 tablespoons fruity extra-virgin olive oil; Equipment: an electric juice extractor | INSTRUCTIONS: Put crushed vitaminutes C and sugar in a 1-quart container that will fit under spout of juicer. Using juicer, juice apples and celery into container. Spoon off foam and stir until sugar is dissolved. Pour into an 8- to 9-inch square stainless-steel or glass baking pan and freeze until partially frozen, about 1 hour. Scrape and stir with a fork, crushing any lumps. Continue to freeze, scraping once or twice, until evenly frozen, about 2 hours more. Stir together wasabi and enough water to make a pourable sauce. Scrape granita to lighten, then serve sprinkled lightly with sea salt and drizzled l <END>
INPUT: Mexican, pork, salsa, lime zest, limes, honey, shallot, jalapeno
OUTPUT: TITLE: Marinated Pork Chop with Pineapple Salsa | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 teaspoon lime zest; 2 limes, juiced; 1 tablespoon honey; 1 small shallot, chopped; 1 jalapeno, chopped and seeds removed; 1 garlic clove, chopped; 1/2 cup olive oil; Salt; 1/2 pineapple, diced and cored, juices reserved; 1 tomato, diced; 1/2 red onion, minced; 1/2 small jalapeno, diced; 1 tablespoon chopped cilantro leaves; 1 lime, juiced; Salt and pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. For the marinade: Blend all the ingredients in a large bowl. Place in a resealable plastic bag and add the pork chops. Marinate in the refrigerator for up to 3 hours. For the salsa: Mix all the salsa ingredients in a medium bowl. Taste for seasoning. Set aside for 10 minutes for flavors to meld. Preheat grill to medium heat. Remove chops from marinade. Grill for 5 minutes per side for a medium rare and 8 minutes for medium. Remove chops from grill and let rest 10 minutes before slicing. Spoon the salsa on top. <END>
INPUT: Indian, watermelon, rind, chicken stock, butter, bay leaf, long grain rice, virgin olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken Marsala Masala with Peach-Watermelon Rind Chutney | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 4 cups chicken stock, divided; 3 tablespoons butter, divided; 1 bay leaf, fresh or dried; 1 1/2 cups long grain rice; 4 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, divided; 1 1/2 pounds chicken breast cutlets, thinly sliced into 1/8-1/4 inch strips; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 red onion, quartered lengthwise then thinly sliced; 4 cloves garlic, grated or thinly sliced; 3 portobello mushrooms, thinly sliced; 8 ounces shiitake mushrooms, stems removed and thinly sliced; 2 tablespoons curry powder, a couple of palmfuls; 2 teaspoons garam masala, 2/3 palmful; 1/4 to 1/3 cup Marsala wine, eyeball it; 2 peaches, chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring 2 cups of chicken stock, 1 cup water, 2 tablespoons butter and bay leaf to a boil in a medium pot with tight fitting lid. Add rice, stir and cover, reduce heat and cook 18 minutes. Heat 2 tablespoons EVOO, 2 turns of the pan, in a large skillet over medium-high to high heat. Add the chicken, season with salt and pepper and brown 6 to 7 minutes then remove to a plate and add remaining EVOO, turn heat back a bit. When the oil ripples, add red onions, garlic and mushrooms. Cook mushrooms until dark and tender, 6 to 7 minutes, then season with salt and pepper, curry and garam masala. Add the <END>
INPUT: Italian, sandwiches, baguettes, Walnut Parsley Pesto, prosciutto, plum tomatoes, mozzarella
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mozzarella, Prosciutto, Pesto and Plum Tomato Sandwiches | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 2 large baguettes; Walnut-Parsley Pesto, recipe follows; 1/2 pound thinly sliced prosciutto; 1 1/2 pounds plum tomatoes, thinly sliced; 2 pounds fresh mozzarella, sliced 1/4-inch thick; Olive oil, to taste; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 3/4 cup walnuts; 1/2 cup grated Pecorino Romano; 1 clove garlic; 3/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 1 cup packed fresh basil leaves; 1/2 cup packed flat-leaf parsley leaves; Salt and freshly ground pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Slice baguettes in half and then lengthwise but don't cut all the way through. Slather the bottom half of the baguettes with pesto. Top with prosciutto, tomatoes and mozzarella. Drizzle with olive oil and season with salt and pepper. Placing the mozzarella on top will keep the top of bread from getting soggy from tomatoes. Wrap sandwiches tightly in parchment and slice in half. Pack away. Place walnuts, cheese, garlic, and 1/2 cup olive oil in a blender and puree until smooth. Add basil and parsley, and then with the motor running, gradually add the remaining olive oil until pesto is thick and <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, salad, virgin olive oil, lemon juice, garlic, marjoram oregano
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spinach Salad with Grilled Eggplant and Feta | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 1/4 cup fresh lemon juice; 1 teaspoon minced garlic; 2 teaspoons chopped marjoram or oregano; 1 (1 1/4-pounds) eggplant, trimmed and cut into 8 (1-inch-thick) rounds; 10 ounces baby spinach; 1 cup crumbled feta (1/4 pound); 1/4 cup pine nuts (1 ounce), lightly toasted | INSTRUCTIONS: Prepare grill for direct-heat cooking over hot charcoal (high heat for gas); see Grilling Procedure . Whisk together oil, lemon juice, garlic, marjoram, 1/4 teaspoon salt, and 1/8 teaspoon pepper in a small bowl. Brush both sides of eggplant slices with some of dressing. Season with 1/4 teaspoon each of salt and pepper. Oil grill rack, then grill eggplant, covered only if using a gas grill, turning occasionally, until tender, 12 to 15 minutes total. Cut into pieces. Toss spinach with enough dressing to coat and season with salt and pepper. Add eggplant, feta, and pine nuts and toss again. Prep <END>
INPUT: neutral oil, Peels from potatoes, Kosher salt pepper, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fried Potato Peels | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: About 2 cups neutral oil, such as canola oil; Peels from 5 potatoes, dried well with paper towels; Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper; 4 tablespoons (1/2 stick) unsalted butter, at room temperature; 2 cloves garlic, minced; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: a deep-frying thermometer In a Dutch oven or a large, wide pot, add the oil and heat over medium heat until a deep-frying thermometer registers 350 degrees F. Fry the potato skins in the hot oil until golden brown and crispy, about 5 minutes. Transfer to a plate lined with clean paper towels to drain the excess oil. Sprinkle on some salt and pepper. Melt the butter in a pan over medium-low heat. Add the garlic and cook until aromatic, 1 to 2 minutes. In a large bowl, combine the skins, garlic butter and fresh parsley and toss to coat. Season with a little more salt and peppe <END>
INPUT: Italian, lasagna, canola oil, onion, salt, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Zucchini Lasagna | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 4 tablespoons canola oil; 1/2 small onion, sliced; 2 (28-ounce) cans San Marzano tomatoes; 1 tablespoon salt; 1/2 tablespoon black pepper; 6 fresh basil leaves; 3 cups flour; 1 dozen eggs; 2 teaspoons salt; 1 teaspoon black pepper; 3/4 cups grated Romano cheese; 3 cups canola oil, for frying; 6 zucchini, sliced lengthwise about 1/4-thick; 2 pounds ricotta cheese (homemade or Calabro); 2 eggs | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. For the marinara sauce: Heat the canola oil in a large saucepan, add the onions, and cook until translucent. Blend the tomatoes in a food processor. With a slotted spoon, remove the onions from the oil. Add the blended tomato, salt, pepper, and basil to the pan. Stir with a wooden spoon. Bring to a boil, then lower heat and simmer for 40 minutes. For the zucchini: While the sauce is simmering, fry the zucchini. Place the flour on a flat dish. In a large bowl, mix the eggs, salt, pepper, and Romano cheese with a fork. In a large frying pan, heat the canola oil <END>
INPUT: slow, cooker, onion, garlic, smoked Creole seasoned, beans, water
OUTPUT: TITLE: Slow Cooker Red Beans and Rice | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup finely chopped onion; 2 cloves garlic, minced; 1/2 pound smoked Creole seasoned sausage (andouille), cut into small pieces; 2 cups dried red beans, soaked overnight and drained; 1 quart water; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; Hot cooked rice (about 3 to 4 cups) | INSTRUCTIONS: In a slow cooker, combine the onion, garlic and sausage. Stir in the beans and water and season, to taste, with salt and pepper. Cover and cook on low heat until the beans are tender, about 7 1/2 hours (on high it takes between 3 1/2 to 4 hours). Remove 1/4 cup of beans from slow cooker; mash until smooth, then sir them stir back into slow cooker. Continue to cook for another 30 minutes on low or 15 minutes on high. Remove the beans from the cooker to a serving bowl. Serve over cooked rice and enjoy! <END>
INPUT: empanadas, egg, unsalted butter, Granny Smith apples, Turbinado sugar, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Apple Empanadas with Almond Pastry Cream | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 large egg, beaten; 2 to 3 tablespoons unsalted butter; 3 large Granny Smith apples, cored, peeled and cut into 1-inch dice; Turbinado sugar; 3 tablespoons brown sugar; 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon; Pinch salt; Bench flour, for dusting; Almond Pastry Cream, at room temperature, recipe follows; 1 box frozen puff pastry, thawed according to package directions; 1 1/2 cups whole milk; 1/2 cup sugar; 2 tablespoons almond paste; Pinch salt; 4 large egg yolks | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper. In a large saute pan, melt the butter over medium heat. Add the apples and saute until slightly softened, about 5 minutes. Add the brown sugar, cinnamon and salt and toss. Continue cooking the apples, stirring occasionally, until the apples break down easily when pressed with a fork, an additional 10 minutes. Remove from the heat and mash them with a fork while they are still warm, it should look like a chunky applesauce. Allow the apples to cool to room temperature. Once cooled, fold 1/4 cup of the Almond Pastry Crea <END>
INPUT: Asian, soy sauce, rice wine vinegar, virgin olive oil, honey, gingerroot
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Tofu with Shiitake, Soy, and Ginger Over Baby Spinach | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 6 tablespoons soy sauce; 6 tablespoons rice wine vinegar; 3 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil; 2 1/2 tablespoons honey; 2 1/2 tablespoons minced gingerroot; 2 cloves garlic, minced; 3/4 pound shiitake mushrooms, wiped clean and stems removed (you can substitute sliced button mushrooms); 1 pound firm tofu, rinsed, patted dry, and sliced 1/2 inch thick; 1 quart baby spinach leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. Preheat the oven to 375°F. 2. In a bowl whisk together the soy sauce, vinegar, oil, honey, ginger, and garlic. Place the mushrooms in a bowl and add enough of the marinade to evenly coat them. Toss to combine. 3. Arrange the tofu in a single layer in a small baking dish. Pour the remaining marinade over the tofu. 4. Transfer the tofu to the oven and roast for 20 minutes. Spread the mushrooms out on one or two baking sheets and transfer to the oven. Continue roasting the tofu and the mushrooms until the tofu is nearly dry and well browned and the mushrooms are tender and golden, about 10 to  <END>
INPUT: jean, potatoes, celery, onion, hard boiled eggs, sweet pickle relish
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grandma Jean's Potato Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 5 large red potatoes, peeled and cubed; 2 ribs celery, chopped; 1/2 large onion, chopped; 3 hard-boiled eggs, 2 chopped and 1 sliced; 2 heaping tablespoons sweet pickle relish, drained; 1/2 cup salad dressing, (recommended: Miracle Whip); 3 tablespoons yellow mustard; 1 tablespoon sugar; Paprika, for garnish; Salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Boil cubed potatoes until they are tender. Drain and cool. In a large bowl add celery, onion, 2 eggs and pickled relish. Add the salad dressing, yellow mustard and sugar. Stir well. Place the sliced egg on top of potatoes and sprinkle with paprika and salt. Let the potato salad chill in the refrigerator for 2 1/2 hours or overnight. <END>
INPUT: pancakes, all purpose flour, Yukon gold potatoes, eggs, shallots, Kosher salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Smoked Salmon on Potato Pancakes with Dill Creme Fraiche | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup all-purpose flour; 1 1/2 pounds Yukon gold potatoes, rinsed and roughly chopped; 2 large eggs; 1/2 cup chopped shallots; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; Canola oil; 1 pound thinly sliced smoked salmon; Dill Creme Fraiche, recipe follows; 3 ounces fresh salmon roe; 3 tablespoons chopped fresh dill; 1 cup creme fraiche; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh dill; 1 teaspoon lemon juice; Salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: In the bowl of a food processor, add the flour, potatoes, eggs, and shallots. Pulse until everything is blended but the consistency of the batter is chunky. Season, to taste, with salt and pepper. In a large skillet over medium-high heat, add a thin layer of oil. Pour about 1 tablespoon of the batter into the skillet for each pancake. Cook until lightly browned on both sides. Remove the pancakes from the pan to serving platters and allow them to cool to room temperature. To serve, top each pancake with a small slice of smoked salmon, then about a teaspoon of Dill Creme Fraiche, then top with 1 <END>
INPUT: Italian, spanakopita, lasagna noodles, Salt, olive oil, butter, all purpose flour
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spanakopita Lasagna | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound dried lasagna noodles; Salt; 1/4 cup olive oil, divided; 4 tablespoons butter; 4 tablespoons all-purpose flour; 4 cups milk; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 1/2 teaspoon ground nutmeg; 2 pounds fresh spinach; 1 tablespoons butter, plus 3 tablespoons, melted; 3 cloves garlic, finely chopped; 6 scallions, chopped; 1/3 cup finely chopped parsley leaves; 1 teaspoon ground nutmeg | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Cook the lasagna noodles in a large pot of boiling salted water. Add 1 tablespoon olive oil to the water to prevent noodles from sticking. Cook noodles for about 10 minutes, drain and set aside on a baking sheet. Do not overcook noodles as they will cook more in the oven. Prepare the Bechamel Sauce: In a saucepan, melt the butter over medium heat. Add the flour and whisk until smooth, about 2 minutes. Gradually add the milk while continuing to whisk, until the sauce is smooth. Simmer for about 10 minutes until the sauce is thick enough to coat the back of a spoon <END>
INPUT: Indian, soup, garlic, chilli
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pea and Coriander Soup | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 pints (900 milliliters/3 3/4 cups) homemade chicken stock; 2 ounces (50 grams/1/2 stick) butter; 5 ounces finely chopped (150 grams/1 cup) onion; 2 cloves garlic, peeled and chopped; 1 green chilli, deseeded and finely chopped; Salt and freshly ground pepper; 1 pound (450 grams/4 cups) peas (good quality frozen are fine); 2 tablespoons chopped fresh coriander, plus whole leaves for garnish; Sugar, for seasoning; Softly whipped cream, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring the chicken stock to a boil. Melt the butter on a gentle heat and add the onions, garlic, and chilli. Season with salt and freshly ground pepper and sweat for 3 to 4 minutes. Add the peas and cover with the hot stock. Bring to a boil and simmer for 5 to 8 minutes. Add the coriander and puree the liquid in a blender. Season with salt, freshly ground pepper and a pinch of sugar, which enhances the flavour even further. Serve with a swirl of softly whipped cream and a few fresh coriander leaves sprinkled over the top. <END>
INPUT: French, soup, croutons, olive oil, onions, celery leaves, low salt chicken, skinned potatoes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Celery Soup with Sourdough Croutons and Tarragon Swirl | CUISINE: French | INGREDIENTS: 3 teaspoons olive oil, divided; 6 green onions, chopped; 4 cups sliced celery with leaves (about 1 pound); 4 cups low-salt chicken broth; 12 ounces white-skinned potatoes (about 2 medium), peeled, cut into 1-inch pieces; 1/4 teaspoon celery seeds; 3 tablespoons whipping cream; 3/4 cup 1/3-inch cubes sourdough baguette (about 1 1/2 ounces); 2 tablespoons plain nonfat yogurt; 1 teaspoon minced fresh tarragon plus 6 sprigs for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat 1 teaspoon olive oil in large pot over medium-high heat. Add chopped green onions; sauté 2 minutes. Add sliced celery with leaves, low-salt chicken broth, whiteskinned potato pieces, and celery seeds; bring to boil. Reduce heat to medium; cover and simmer until vegetables are tender, about 15 minutes. Working in batches, puree soup in blender until smooth. Return puree to pot. Stir in 3 tablespoons whipping cream. Season to taste with salt and freshly ground black pepper. Heat remaining 2 teaspoons olive oil in small nonstick skillet over medium high heat. Add sourdough baguette cubes; sa <END>
INPUT: rouille, crumbled saffron threads, hot water, mayonnaise, roasted peppers, virgin olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Saffron Rouille | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/8 teaspoon crumbled saffron threads; 1/4 teaspoon hot water; 1 cup mayonnaise; 1/4 cup chopped roasted red peppers; 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 1/2 teaspoon fresh lemon juice; 2 teaspoons finely chopped garlic; 1/2 teaspoon cayenne | INSTRUCTIONS: Sprinkle saffron over hot water in a small cup and let stand 1 minute. Blend saffron mixture with remaining ingredients and 1/4 teaspoon salt in a blender until smooth. Sprinkle saffron over hot water in a small cup and let stand 1 minute. Blend saffron mixture with remaining ingredients and 1/4 teaspoon salt in a blender until smooth. <END>
INPUT: Indian, greens, unsweetened coconut, water, cumin, turmeric
OUTPUT: TITLE: Greens with Coconut and Chiles | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup finely grated unsweetened coconut (dried); 1 1/2 cups water; 3/4 teaspoon ground cumin; 1/2 teaspoon ground turmeric; 2 (2-inch) fresh hot green chiles such as Thai or serrano; 4 garlic cloves; 2 tablespoons coconut oil or canola oil; 3/4 teaspoon black mustard seeds; 2 tablespoons raw rice such as basmati or Patna; 2 (3-inch) dried hot red Indian chiles; 3 large leaves red Swiss chard, chopped (about 3 cups); 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1 square piece banana leaf (optional); Special equipment: a 12- to 14-inch wok | INSTRUCTIONS: Stir together coconut and 1/2 cup water in a bowl. Let soak at room temperature until water is absorbed, about 1 hour. Stir in cumin, turmeric, and 1/2 cup water until combined. Smash green chiles and garlic with flat side of a large knife and stir into coconut mixture. Heat oil in wok over moderately high heat until hot but not smoking, then add mustard seeds and fry until they make popping sounds, about 15 seconds. Add rice and red chiles and cook, stirring constantly, until rice is golden, about 1 minute. Add chard and salt and cook, stirring, until chard is wilted, about 30 seconds. Stir i <END>
INPUT: yucatan, water, kosher salt, firmly light sugar, annatto paste
OUTPUT: TITLE: Butterflied Turkey with Yucatan Rub | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 gallon water; 2 cups kosher salt; 1 cup firmly packed light brown sugar; 1 (8 to 10-pound) turkey, butterflied (back and breast bone removed by your butcher); 1/2 cup annatto paste (see ShopSmart, below); 8 cloves garlic, peeled and smashed; 3 tablespoons dried oregano, preferably Mexican; 1 1/2 teaspoons ground coriander; 1 1/2 teaspoons freshly ground black pepper; 3/4 teaspoon kosher salt; 1/4 teaspoon ground allspice; Juice of 3 limes (a scant 1/2 cup); Juice of 1 orange (about 1/3 cup); 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil | INSTRUCTIONS: For the turkey: The day before serving, heat 3 quarts of the water with salt and sugar in a large pan, stirring to dissolve salt and sugar. Remove from heat, add remaining 1 quart cold water, and stir. Set brine aside to cool to room temperature. Put turkey in a large container and cover with the brine. Cover and refrigerate for 4 to 5 hours. (If you want to brine the turkey overnight, use half the amount of salt and sugar.) For rub: Crumble annatto paste into a food processor and blend with the garlic, oregano, coriander, black pepper, salt, and allspice. Add the fruit juices and the olive oi <END>
INPUT: beef top round, onions, oil, orange juice concentrate, cubes beef bouillon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spicy Orange Beef | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 pounds beef top round; 2 small onions; 2 tablespoons cooking oil; 1/2 can orange juice concentrate; 2 cubes beef bouillon; 1/2 teaspoon hot red pepper flakes | INSTRUCTIONS: Cut the beef into thin strips and slice the onion. Heat 2 tablespoons of oil in a large skillet over a high flame. Season the beef with salt and pepper. Saute the beef until it just begins to brown. Add the orange juice, bouillon cubes and pepper flakes. Simmer until the beef is just done. If the sauce is thin, strain through a colander, reserving the beef. Return the sauce to a saucepan over a high heat. Reduce until the sauce reaches a desirable consistency or thicken with a little cornstarch. <END>
INPUT: Italian, sesame oil, lime juice, each garlic ginger, jalapeno pepper, shrimp
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lime Cilantro Shrimp Over Black Pasta | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons sesame oil; 2 tablespoons lime juice; 1/2 teaspoon each minced fresh garlic and ginger; 1 fresh jalapeno pepper, seeded and minced; 1 pound fresh shrimp (8 to 12 ounces net after peeling and deveining); Salt; 8 ounces dried or fresh black ink pasta; 2 tablespoons vegetable oil; 1 cup thawed frozen petite peas; 2 tablespoons roughly chopped cilantro leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: In a mixing bowl combine the sesame oil, lime juice, garlic, ginger and minced jalapeno and marinate the shrimp in the mixture for 30 minutes. While this is marinating bring 1 quart of salted water to a boil for the pasta and peel and devein the shrimp, leaving the little tail on. When the pasta is about 5 minutes shy of being cooked, drain the shrimp, reserving the marinating juices and pat dry. Heat 2 tablespoons of vegetable oil in a skillet. Saute the shrimp for 2 minutes or until done. Add the peas and reserved marinating juices and bring the liquid to a boil. Adjust the seasoning. Drain  <END>
INPUT: mashed, sweet potatoes, lemon, pure maple syrup, light sugar, bourbon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mashed Maple Bourbon Sweet Potatoes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 pounds sweet potatoes; 1 lemon, zested and juiced; 3 tablespoons pure maple syrup; 2 tablespoons light brown sugar; 3 tablespoons bourbon; 8 tablespoons butter, at room temperature; 1 1/2 teaspoons salt; 1 teaspoon white pepper; Pecan Crumb Topping, optional; 1/2 cup all-purpose flour; 1/4 cup packed light brown sugar; 1 teaspoon salt; 1/2 teaspoon ground white pepper; Pinch dried thyme; 1/2 cup chopped pecans | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Place the sweet potatoes on a foil lined baking sheet and roast for 45 minutes to 1 hour, until very soft to the touch. Remove from the oven and let cool 20 minutes. When cool enough to handle, peel them by hand and put the flesh in the bowl of a mixer. Using a paddle attachment, mix in the lemon zest and juice, maple syrup and brown sugar. Place the bourbon in a small saucepan and place over high heat. Let it come just to the boil and then tilt the pan slightly towards you to set it aflame*. Add to the potatoes along with the butter. Mix well. Add salt and p <END>
INPUT: trifle, vanilla ice cream, tiny butterscotch chips, butterscotch ice cream, soft macadamia cookies, butterscotch hard candies
OUTPUT: TITLE: Butterscotch and Macadamia Ice Cream Trifle | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 quart vanilla ice cream; One 11-ounce package tiny butterscotch chips; One 20-ounce bottle butterscotch ice cream sauce; 12 soft macadamia cookies; 12 butterscotch hard candies, crushed | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Let the ice cream soften a bit. Work in half the butterscotch chips. When they are incorporated, swirl in some of the ice cream sauce and return the ice cream to the freezer to harden for at least 1 hour. When you are ready to assemble: Take an individual trifle dish and put a cookie into the bottom, breaking it up into pieces to make it fit. Top with some sauce, then a scoop if ice cream, then some chips. Repeat until your dish is full, ending with the ice cream. Pour more sauce over the top, add some more chips, then the crushed candies. <END>
INPUT: Italian, spaghetti, virgin olive oil, garlic, pepper flakes, flat leaf parsley
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spaghetti with Garlic, Olive Oil and Red Pepper Flakes | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound dried spaghetti; 1/2 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 3 cloves garlic cloves; 1 tablespoon red pepper flakes, plus more if desired; 1/4 cup chopped fresh flat-leaf parsley; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh basil leaves; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh mint leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Bring 6 quarts of salted water to a boil in a large pot. Add the pasta and cook until al dente, 6 to 8 minutes. Drain the pasta in a colander, reserving 2 tablespoons of the pasta water. The reserved pasta water will help create the sauce. Do not rinse pasta with water -- you want to retain the pasta's natural starches so that the sauce will stick. Heat the olive oil in a large saute pan over medium heat. Add the garlic and saute until light brown and fragrant. It's important not to burn the garlic or else it will become bitter. Remove and discard the browned gar <END>
INPUT: rack spareribs, Kosher salt, onion, fennel bulb, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Braised Spareribs with Fennel | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 rack spareribs, cut into ribs; Kosher salt; 1 large onion, cut into large dice; 1 fennel bulb, cut into large dice; 6 garlic cloves; 2 cups dry white wine; 2 bay leaves; 2 teaspoons fennel seeds, toasted and ground; 1 bundle thyme; Pinch crushed red pepper; 2 cups chicken stock; Herb Spaetzle, recipe follows; 1 1/2 cups all-purpose flour; Kosher salt; 2 eggs | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Coat a Dutch oven with olive oil and bring to a high heat. Season the ribs with salt and brown in the hot oil. Remove from the pan and discard the excess oil. While the ribs are browning, puree the onion, fennel and garlic in the food processor to a coarse paste. After the ribs are browned and pan has been purged of excess oil, add the pureed vegetables and brown. Return the ribs to the pan and add the white wine, bay leaves, fennel seed, thyme and crushed red pepper flakes. Reduce the wine by half. Add the chicken stock, cover  <END>
INPUT: vegetable oil, wine blend, rosemary, plums
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lamb Shoulder Chops with Red Wine | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 teaspoons vegetable oil; 4 (8 to 12-ounce) lamb shoulder blade chops; 16 ounces red wine blend, plus 1 tablespoon (recommended: Syrah, Grenache or Mourvedre); 4 large sprigs fresh rosemary, plus 1 teaspoon chopped leaves; 3 ounces dried plums, finely chopped; 3 ounces dried apricots, finely chopped; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, chilled and cut into several small pieces; Kosher salt; Freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Put a 10-inch straight-sided saute pan over medium heat for 5 minutes. Toss the lamb with the vegetable oil in a medium mixing bowl. When the pan is hot, sear the lamb for 1 minute on each side. Remove to a plate and cool for 3 to 4 minutes. Add the meat to a 1-gallon resealable plastic bag, then pour in the 16 ounces of wine and 4 rosemary sprigs. Remove as much air as possible so that the wine is completely surrounding the meat. Put the bag in a container to prevent leaks and refrigerate for 3 hours. Heat the oven to 250 degrees F. Transfer the contents of the  <END>
INPUT: anxiety, valerian root, full fat milk, lemon balm leaves, lavender flowers, leaves from passion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Valerian Hot Chocolate for Anxiety | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons fresh valerian root; 3 3/4 cups full-fat milk; 3 tablespoons fresh lemon balm leaves; 3 teaspoons fresh lavender flowers; 6 leaves and 3 heads from fresh passion flowers; Peel of 1 1/2 oranges; 1 3/4 ounces dark chocolate (minimum 50-percent cocoa solids); Dash vanilla extract | INSTRUCTIONS: Chop the top and bottom from the fresh valerian root, and then place in a saucepan with the milk, lemon balm, lavender, passion flowers and orange peel and gently heat for 5 to 10 minutes. Strain. Pour the infused milk back into the pan, and then add the dark chocolate and vanilla extract and stir until melted. Drink at once. <END>
INPUT: Indian, pies, gouda, lentils, salt, porcini mushrooms, olive oil, mushrooms
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mushroom and Lentil Pot Pies with Gouda Biscuit Topping | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup lentils; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 1 ounce dried porcini mushrooms; 2 tablespoons olive oil, divided; 6 ounces fresh mushrooms, sliced; 1 medium onion, chopped; 1 carrot, cut into 1/4-inch-thick rounds; 1 1/2 teaspoons dried sage; 1/4 teaspoon dried thyme; 1 large garlic clove, minced; 2 tablespoons all purpose flour; 2 medium Yukon Gold potatoes, peeled, cut into 1/2-inch chunks; 4 teaspoons soy sauce; 1 tablespoon tomato paste; 1 cup plus 2 tablespoons all purpose flour | INSTRUCTIONS: For filling: Combine 3 cups cold water, lentils, and 1/4 teaspoon salt in medium saucepan; bring to boil. Reduce heat, cover, and simmer until lentils are tender, 25 to 30 minutes. Drain; set lentils aside. Pour 3 cups boiling water over porcini in medium bowl; soak 25 minutes. Remove porcini from soaking liquid, squeeze dry, and chop coarsely. (Reserve soaking liquid.) Heat 1 tablespoon oil in heavy large skillet over medium-high heat. Add fresh mushrooms. Sauté 3 minutes. Add 1 tablespoon oil, onion, carrot, sage, and thyme. Sauté 4 minutes. Add garlic; sauté 30 seconds. Reduce heat to mediu <END>
INPUT: American, guitar, shaped, tubes cake writing, peanut candy covered, your favorite sour
OUTPUT: TITLE: Guitar Shaped Chocolate Chip Cookie with Marshamallow Fluff | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 (8-ounce) tube of your favorite chocolate chip cookie dough; 1 (8-ounce) jar marshmallow fluff; 2 small tubes cake writing gel, your favorite color; 1 package peanut candy covered chocolates (recommended: M&M's); 1 package your favorite sour gummies; 1 box animal crackers | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Take cookie dough and form a guitar, basically taking a large circle, connecting it with a smaller circle and then a 6-inch rectangle as the shaft connected to the smaller circle. Bake on a non-stick pan for about 10 minutes. Let cool. To assemble, spread the fluff thinly over the cookie and decorate it with cake gel for the strings and the candy covered chocolates for the tuners. To finish, plate with crackers and gummy candies. <END>
INPUT: sauce, olive oil, garlic, julienned basil leaves, Applewood smoked bacon, Littleneck clams from
OUTPUT: TITLE: Wellfleet and Manila Clam Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons olive oil; 2 tablespoons finely sliced garlic; 1/4 cup finely julienned basil leaves; 1/2 pound Applewood-smoked bacon, diced and cooked crisp; 18 Littleneck clams from Wellfleet, MA; 18 Manila clams; 1/2 bottle rose wine; 1 quart canned clam broth; 8 ounces (2 sticks) butter; 1/2 cup fennel, finely diced; 1 ounce preserved Meyer lemon peel, julienned; Salt and pepper; Meyer lemon juice, to adjust acidity | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat a large saucepan until moderately hot. Add olive oil. Saute fennel, bacon and garlic. Add the clams and deglaze with the rose wine. Pull the clams out as they open. Reduce the wine by 3/4. Add the clam broth and bring to a boil. Add the butter to the boiling liquid, continue to boil until the butter is incorporated. Just before serving, add the clams back to the sauce, along with the Meyer lemon peel, basil leaves, lemon juice, salt, and pepper. <END>
INPUT: slow, cooked, olive oil, chickpeas, cumin, Kosher salt, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Slow-Cooked Salmon, Chickpeas, and Greens | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons olive oil, plus more; 1 15.5-ounce can chickpeas, rinsed; 1/2 teaspoon ground cumin; Kosher salt, freshly ground pepper; 1 garlic clove, thinly sliced; 1 small bunch mustard greens, ribs and stems removed, leaves coarsely chopped; 1 teaspoon honey; 4 6-ounce skinless salmon fillets; 1/2 small shallot, very finely chopped; 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard; 1/2 teaspoon honey; Kosher salt, freshly ground pepper; 1/4 cup olive oil; 1/4 cup vegetable oil | INSTRUCTIONS: For salmon: Preheat oven to 250°F. Brush a large baking dish with oil. Combine chickpeas, cumin, and 1 tablespoon oil in a medium bowl. Mash about half of chickpeas with a fork; season with salt and pepper. Transfer chickpea mixture to prepared dish. Heat remaining 1 tablespoon oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Cook garlic, stirring, until fragrant, about 30 seconds. Add mustard greens and cook, tossing, until slightly wilted, about 1 minute. Add honey and 1/4 cup water; season with salt and pepper. Cook, tossing, until greens are completely wilted, about 2 minutes. Transfer to dis <END>
INPUT: broccoli rabe, virgin olive oil, Kosher salt, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Broccoli Rabe | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 bunch broccoli rabe, tough, thick lower stems removed; Extra-virgin olive oil; Kosher salt; Pinch crushed red pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Immerse the broccoli rabe in water and let soak for 10 minutes. Preheat a grill to medium. Remove the broccoli rabe from the water but DO NOT shake off the excess. Toss with some olive oil, salt and crushed red pepper and lay in an even single layer on the grill. Cook until the rabe starts to lightly char and become tender, 3 to 4 minutes per side. If it starts to char a little too quickly, drizzle or spray a few drops of water on it. Serve hot or at room temperature. <END>
INPUT: bake, cookies, honey, coconut oil, unsweetened cocoa powder, kosher salt, crunchy peanut butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Peanut Butter No-Bake Cookies with Oats and Flaxseeds | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup honey; 1/4 cup coconut oil; 1/4 cup unsweetened cocoa powder; 1/4 teaspoon kosher salt; 1/2 cup crunchy peanut butter; 3/4 cup old-fashioned rolled oats; 1/3 cup golden raisins; 1 cup unsweetened shredded coconut; 2 tablespoons flaxseeds, wheat germ or chia seeds | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Combine the honey, coconut oil, cocoa powder and salt in a medium saucepan. Stir over medium heat until the coconut oil is completely melted and the mixture is smooth and warm, 2 to 3 minutes. Add the peanut butter and stir until completely melted, another 2 minutes. Turn off the heat and stir in the oats. Cover with a lid for 5 minutes. Remove the lid and stir in the raisins, 1/3 cup of the coconut and the flaxseeds, wheat germ or chia seeds. Use a round tablespoon to scoop, then level, the mixture. Sprinkle with some of the remaining coconut and press lightly o <END>
INPUT: American, sandwiches, applewood smoked bacon, mayonnaise, crumbled Maytag cheese, country style bread, leaves radicchio
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Turkey, Bacon, Radicchio, and Blue Cheese Sandwiches | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 6 slices applewood-smoked bacon; 1/4 cup mayonnaise; 1/4 cup crumbled Maytag blue cheese or other mild blue cheese; 4 1/2-inch-thick slices country-style white bread (about 5x3 inches); 4 leaves radicchio; 6 ounces thinly sliced cooked turkey; 4 teaspoons butter, room temperature, divided | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook bacon in large skillet over medium heat until crisp. Transfer to paper towels. Pour off fat from skillet; reserve skillet. Mash mayonnaise and blue cheese in bowl to coarse puree; season with pepper. Place bread on work surface. Divide cheese mixture among bread slices, spreading evenly. Divide bacon, radicchio, and turkey between 2 bread slices. Top with remaining bread, cheese side down. Melt 2 teaspoons butter in reserved skillet over medium heat. Place sandwiches in skillet. Spread 2 teaspoons butter on top pieces of bread. Cover with lid that is slightly smaller than skillet. Cook sa <END>
INPUT: alaskan, salmon, mirin, sake, sugar, bags jasmine tea, soy sauce
OUTPUT: TITLE: Jasmine Tea Glazed Alaskan Salmon with Hoisin-Braised Bacon, Green Rice and Orange-Cashew Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup mirin; 1/2 cup sake; 2 tablespoons sugar; 3 bags black jasmine tea; 2 tablespoons soy sauce; 1 pound slab bacon; 4 tablespoons vegetable oil; 1 cup chicken stock, hot; 1/3 cup hoisin sauce; 3 cups chicken stock, hot; 1/4 cup chopped fresh basil; 1/4 cup chopped fresh chives; 1/4 cup chopped fresh cilantro; 1/4 cup chopped fresh mint; 1 small onion, diced | INSTRUCTIONS: For the jasmine tea glaze: Combine the mirin, sake and sugar in a pot and simmer over medium heat until reduced by two-thirds to a syrupy consistency. Remove from the heat and steep the tea bags for 5 minutes. Stir in the soy and set aside. For the hoisin-braised bacon: Preheat the oven to 275 degrees F. Score the fat side of the bacon in a crisscross pattern. Heat the oil over high heat in a skillet, add the bacon fat-side down, reduce the heat to medium-low and cook until a rich brown color is obtained, 10 minutes. Flip and cook for 10 minutes more. Drain off the fat and add the chicken stoc <END>
INPUT: spiced, carrots, unsalted butter, sugar, water, lemon juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spiced Carrots | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 lb medium carrots (about 12); 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 2 tablespoons brown sugar; 1/2 cup water; 2 teaspoons fresh lemon juice; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/4 teaspoon cinnamon; 1/8 teaspoon cayenne, or to taste | INSTRUCTIONS: Quarter carrots lengthwise, then cut into 2 1/2-inch pieces. Heat butter in a 12-inch heavy skillet over moderately high heat until foam subsides, then sauté carrots, uncovered, stirring occasionally, until slightly softened, about 5 minutes. Add brown sugar, stirring until sugar is melted. Stir in water, lemon juice, salt, cinnamon, and cayenne and simmer, covered, until carrots are tender and liquid is reduced to a glaze, 8 to 10 minutes. Quarter carrots lengthwise, then cut into 2 1/2-inch pieces. Heat butter in a 12-inch heavy skillet over moderately high heat until foam subsides, then sau <END>
INPUT: Italian, provencal, tomatoes, Parmesan, virgin olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Provencal Stuffed Tomatoes | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 8 (1 by 1-inch) bread cubes; 8 medium-small ripe red or yellow tomatoes; 1/2 cup grated Parmesan (about 2 ounces); 1/2 cup pitted, sliced kalamata or nicoise olives; 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil, plus more as needed; 2 tablespoons chopped Italian parsley leaves; 2 tablespoons julienned fresh basil leaves; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh oregano leaves; 1 large garlic clove, minced; Sea salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Arrange the bread cubes on a baking sheet and lightly toast in the oven, about 10 minutes. Let cool. Increase the oven to 400 degrees F. Remove the cores from the top of the tomatoes and cut the top off the tomato 1/4 of the way down. Reserve the tops. Slice enough of the bottom off each tomato, so it stands up, but don't cut through to the seed. (If you cut too deep, patch the hole with the piece you have just sliced off, by placing it in the bottom after you've hollowed it out.) Using a melon baller, carefully scoop the inside of the tomatoes out, taking ca <END>
INPUT: strudel, layers phyllo dough, sugar, butter, cinnamon, granny smith apples
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cinnamon Apple Strudel | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 layers phyllo dough; 1/4 brown sugar; 1 stick butter; 1 teaspoon cinnamon; 3 granny smith apples, peeled, cored and diced; 2 tablespoons sugar; 1/2 teaspoon cinnamon; 1/2 cup raisins | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Stack layers of dough brushing each layer with butter before topping with next layer. Brush top layer with butter. In a bowl combine apples, raisins, sugar and cinnamon. Spoon filling down the left longside of phyllo rectangle. Fold top edge down and bottom edge up by about 2 inches to cover filling. Roll dough up along long side to enclose filling. Brush log with butter and sprinkle with cinnamon sugar mixture. Bake for 30 minutes or until golden and puffed. <END>
INPUT: burgers, sauce, lamb, onion, allspice, cumin, cinnamon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lamb Burgers with Garlic Yogurt Sauce and Pita | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 pounds ground lamb; 1 medium yellow onion, peeled; 1 teaspoons allspice, 1/3 palmful; 1 1/2 teaspoons ground cumin, 1/2 palmful; 1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon, eyeball it in your palm; 1 small red chile pepper, seeded and minced; 1 egg, lightly beaten; A handful plain bread crumbs; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil; 1 cup Greek yogurt; 1 large clove garlic, peeled; 1/4 cup mint leaves, minced; 4 large soft pitas; 1/2 red onion, peeled and sliced thinly | INSTRUCTIONS: Put the lamb in bowl. Using a box grater, grate the onion over the bowl so that the pulp of the onion and juices fall into the meat. Add the spices, chile pepper, egg, bread crumbs, salt and pepper, to taste, and mix to combine. Form the meat mixture into 4 patties, thinner at the middle and thicker at the edges for even cooking. Heat a large skillet over medium-high heat and coat with oil, or coat the burgers in oil and grill on outdoor grill. Cook the patties about 10 minutes, turning once. While the patties cook, add the yogurt to a small bowl. Grate the garlic into the yogurt using a fine  <END>
INPUT: Italian, pizzas, tomatoes, virgin olive oil, Kosher salt pepper, baby arugula, kalamata olives
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pita Pizzas | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 3 medium tomatoes; 1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil, plus more for brushing and drizzling; Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper; 3 cups baby arugula; 1/2 cup pitted kalamata olives, roughly chopped; 1 tablespoon fresh rosemary, roughly chopped; 1 large red onion, cut into 1-inch-thick rounds; 4 6-to-8-inch pocketless pitas; 1/2 cup ricotta cheese; 1/4 pound part-skim mozzarella cheese, diced; Pinch of red pepper flakes | INSTRUCTIONS: Core the tomatoes and halve them crosswise, then squeeze the juices and seeds into a large bowl. Whisk in 1 tablespoon olive oil and season with salt and pepper. Add the arugula but don't toss; set aside. Dice the tomatoes and toss in a separate bowl with the olives and rosemary. Preheat a grill to medium high. Brush the onion rounds with olive oil and season with salt. Grill until soft, 3 to 4 minutes per side. Transfer to a plate and separate the rings. Reduce the grill heat to medium. Brush both sides of the pitas with olive oil and grill until marked, 2 to 3 minutes per side. Top with some <END>
INPUT: salad, avocados, papayas, limes, onion, ginger
OUTPUT: TITLE: Papaya Avocado Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 avocados, semi-ripe; 2 papayas, not too soft; 3 limes; 1 small red onion, minced; 1 teaspoon ginger, minced; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 2 scallions, white part only, cut thin on the bias; 1 tablespoon fresh mint leaves, sliced thin; Salt and pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Peel and pit the avocados and slice the flesh into 10 wedges. Peel and seed the papaya and slice the flesh into 12 wedges. Juice the limes into a non-reactive bowl, add red onion and ginger to bloom for 5 minutes. Add the remaining ingredients and gently toss. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Serve immediately. <END>
INPUT: long, cooked, beans, virgin olive oil, Spanish onion, garlic, bay leaf
OUTPUT: TITLE: Long-Cooked Green Beans | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 pounds green beans (preferably Blue Lake variety), trimmed; 1 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 1 medium Spanish onion, thinly sliced; 4 garlic cloves, smashed and peeled; 1 bay leaf; 1 dried red chile pepper; 4 cups chicken stock or low-sodium chicken broth; 1/2 cup aged balsamic vinegar; 1 tablespoon kosher salt; 2 teaspoons freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring large pot salted water to boil. Add green beans and boil, uncovered, until slightly tender but still crisp, about 3 to 4 minutes. Drain and set aside. In large saucepan over moderately high heat, heat 1/2 cup olive oil until hot but not smoking. Add onions, garlic, bay leaf, and chile pepper. Sauté, stirring occasionally, just until soft, about 4 to 5 minutes. Add green beans, chicken stock, vinegar, salt, pepper, and remaining 1/2 cup olive oil. Bring to simmer, then reduce heat to low and simmer, covered, 30 minutes. Strain, remove chile and bay leaf, and serve immediately. Bring large <END>
INPUT: spritzer, Campari, sparkling mineral water, Ice cubes, orange peel twists
OUTPUT: TITLE: Campari Spritzer | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 (12-ounce) can frozen orange juice concentrate, thawed; 1/2 cup Campari; 2 cups sparkling mineral water; Ice cubes; 6 orange peel twists | INSTRUCTIONS: Stir the orange juice concentrate and Campari in a pitcher to blend. Stir in the sparkling water. Fill 6 tall glasses with ice. Pour the Campari mixture over. Garnish with the orange peel twists and serve. <END>
INPUT: milk, water, coarse kosher salt, polenta
OUTPUT: TITLE: Creamy Polenta | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups whole milk; 2 cups water; 1 teaspoon coarse kosher salt; 1 cup polenta (coarse cornmeal)* | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring first 3 ingredients to boil in heavy large saucepan over medium-high heat. Gradually whisk in polenta. Reduce heat to low; simmer until smooth and thick, stirring almost constantly, about 18 minutes. Bring first 3 ingredients to boil in heavy large saucepan over medium-high heat. Gradually whisk in polenta. Reduce heat to low; simmer until smooth and thick, stirring almost constantly, about 18 minutes. Sold at some supermarkets and at natural foods stores and Italian markets. If unavailable, substitute an equal amount of regular yellow cornmeal; cook half as long. Sold at some supermarke <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, fruity, butter, couscous steeped boiling, currants raisins soaked, sugar, Salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fruity Couscous | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons butter; 1 cup couscous steeped in 1 1/4 cups boiling water for 15 minutes; 1/3 cup currants or raisins soaked in 2 tablespoons rum; 2 teaspoons sugar; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1/2 cup chopped walnuts, pecans or sliced almonds; Sour cream or plain yogurt for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat butter in skillet; break clumps of couscous with your fingers. Add couscous to skillet with raisins, rum, and sugar saute for a couple of minutes to heat through; season to taste with salt and pepper. Remove from heat and stir in nuts. Top kebabs and couscous with yogurt. <END>
INPUT: brown, butter, granulated garlic, pepper, kosher salt, mustard powder, paprika
OUTPUT: TITLE: Smoked Prime Rib with Brown Butter Garlic Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons granulated garlic; 2 tablespoons freshly ground black pepper; 2 tablespoons kosher salt; 1 1/2 tablespoons mustard powder; 1 tablespoon paprika; 1/2 teaspoon cayenne; One 6- to 7-pound bone-in prime rib; 3 sprigs fresh oregano; 3 sprigs fresh rosemary; 3 sprigs fresh thyme; 3 tablespoons canola oil; 1/4 cup minced garlic; 1/4 cup chopped fresh flat-leaf parsley; 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 1 teaspoon fresh rosemary leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: a charcoal kettle-style grill; charcoal; 8 cups large smoking wood chips (applewood and hickory mix), soaked in water; butcher's twine For the prime rib: Heat the charcoal until hot, then carefully arrange on one side of a kettle-style grill, and place the soaked wood chips over the hot coals. Place an aluminum pan filled with some water opposite to the coals to catch any drippings. Place a wire rack on the grill. Cover the grill to allow the smoke to accumulate and preheat to about 225 degrees F. In a small bowl, add the granulated garlic, black pepper, salt, mustard powder <END>
INPUT: Asian, soy sauce, sherry, hoisin sauce, pork, mushrooms
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mu Shu Pork | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons soy sauce; 1 tablespoon dry sherry; 1 teaspoon hoisin sauce; 1/2 pound boneless lean pork, shredded; 4 dried black mushrooms; 2 cups finely shredded Napa cabbage; 1 carrot, julienned; 3 scallions, white and light green parts, slivered; 1 cup bean sprouts; 3 tablespoons peanut oil; 2 eggs, lightly beaten with 1/2 teaspoon salt; 3 cloves garlic, minced; 3 teaspoons freshly grated ginger; 3 tablespoons chicken stock; 2 teaspoons sesame oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine soy sauce, sherry and hoisin sauce in a bowl. Add the pork, toss to coat evenly, cover, refrigerate and marinate for 30 minutes. Meanwhile, soak the mushrooms in enough hot water to cover for 20 minutes. Drain and thinly slice. Set aside on a plate, along with the cabbage, carrot and scallions. Heat a wok or large skillet over medium/high heat. Add 1 tablespoon of the peanut oil and swirl to coat. Pour in the eggs, swirling and tilting the wok to form a thin film. Cook just until the eggs are set and feel dry on top, about 1 minute. Transfer to a platter, let cool slightly and cut into <END>
INPUT: white, crostini, garlic, prosciutto, pepper flakes, cannellini beans, olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: White Bean and Prosciutto Crostini with Sage | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 garlic cloves, smashed and finely chopped, plus 2 whole cloves; 3/4 cup finely diced prosciutto; Pinch crushed red pepper flakes; 4 cans cannellini beans, drained and rinsed; 1/4 cup olive oil, plus more for drizzling; Kosher salt; 2 baguettes, sliced on the bias; 1/4 cup finely chopped sage | INSTRUCTIONS: In the bowl of a food processor combine the 3 smashed garlic cloves, prosciutto, crushed red pepper, and 3 cans of beans. Add 1/4 cup olive oil and puree until smooth. If the mixture seems too thick add more olive oil; the mixture should be fairly loose. Taste to see if the mixture needs salt (it probably will). Add the remaining can of beans and pulse to combine (the mixture should be a little bit coarse). Taste again to see if it needs salt. It should be creamy and a little chunky and really well flavored. Remove from the food processor to a large bowl and reserve at room temperature. Prehea <END>
INPUT: nectarine, frangipane, all purpose flour, sugar, salt, lemon zest
OUTPUT: TITLE: Nectarine Almond Frangipane Tart | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup all-purpose flour; 3 tablespoons sugar; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 3/4 stick (6 tablespoons) cold unsalted butter, cut into 1/2-inch pieces; 1/2 teaspoon finely grated fresh lemon zest; 2 large egg yolks; 1/2 teaspoon vanilla; 1 1/2 teaspoons water; 7 to 8 oz almond paste (not marzipan or almond filling); 1/2 stick (1/4 cup) unsalted butter, softened; 3 tablespoons sugar; 1/8 teaspoon almond extract; 2 large eggs; 3 tablespoons all-purpose flour; 1/2 teaspoon salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Make dough: Put oven rack in middle position and preheat to 375°F. Pulse flour, sugar, and salt in a food processor until combined. Add butter and zest and pulse until mixture resembles coarse meal with some small (roughly pea-size) butter lumps. Add yolks, vanilla, and water and pulse just until incorporated and dough begins to form large clumps. Turn dough out onto a work surface and divide into 4 portions. Smear each portion once with heel of your hand in a forward motion to help distribute fat. Gather dough together using scraper and form into a ball, then flatten into a rectangle. Put dou <END>
INPUT: peppers, All purpose flour, Pizza flatbread dough, Cornmeal, virgin olive oil, Asiago Parmigiano Reggiano
OUTPUT: TITLE: Flatbread with Sausage, Bell Peppers, and Asiago | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: All-purpose flour, for dusting a work surface; Pizza and flatbread dough; Cornmeal; 2 to 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1 pound Asiago or Parmigiano-Reggiano, shaved; 1/2 pound Italian sausage, casings removed, meat crumbled into nut-size nuggets; 1 red bell pepper, stemmed, seeded, and cut into thin strips | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. Set a pizza stone on the center rack. Preheat oven to 450°F, or higher if possible. 2. Sprinkle some flour on the work surface. 3. Divide the dough into halves or thirds, depending on how thin or thick you like your flatbread. Work the dough, rolling it into a ball, then flattening it into a circle with the palm of your hand. Press with your fingertips from the center outward, widening the circle. Start pushing this small circle into an oblong or rectangular shape, always leveling the thickness of the dough, so that the dough is about 14 by 6 inches. 4. Sprinkle some cornmeal on a pizza pee <END>
INPUT: nuggets, breadcrumbs, herbs, Salt pepper, vinaigrette
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken Nuggets | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups fresh breadcrumbs, or 1/3 loaf or 1/3 pound firm white bread; 1 teaspoon dried herbs, such as thyme, tarragon, rosemary, and/or marjoram (optional); Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 pound boneless, skinless chicken breasts; 1/4 cup vinaigrette, or 2 tablespoons prepared pesto or black olive paste; 2 to 3 tablespoons olive or vegetable oil | INSTRUCTIONS: If you don't have bread crumbs on hand (premade, frozen, then thawed), make them by whirring the fresh bread in the food processor. Season with the herbs, if using, and salt and pepper to taste. Place the chicken breasts on a cutting board, and, with your fingers, pull out the little fillet (the tenderloin) on the underside of each breast. Cut the chicken into strips about 2 inches long and 1/2 inch wide. Drizzle the vinaigrette over the chicken pieces on the cutting board and rub it into the chicken with your hands to make the crumbs stick to the chicken. Sprinkle the seasoned bread crumbs ov <END>
INPUT: Asian, slow, salmon steaks, canola oil, sesame seeds, Salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Slow Roasted Sesame Salmon | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 4 salmon steaks, skin off, 6 to 7 ounces each; 2 tablespoons canola oil; 2 tablespoons white sesame seeds; 2 tablespoons black sesame seeds; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 large shallots, peeled and finely chopped (about 1/4 cup); 1 tablespooon grated ginger; 1 teaspoon hot chili oil; 1/4 cup dry sherry; 1/4 cup fish or clam broth; 2 tablespoons soy sauce | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees. Brush the salmon steaks lightly with some of the oil. Combine the two types of sesame seeds in a flat dish or pan and dredge the flesh side (not the skin side) in the sesame seeds and set aside. Combine the shallots, ginger, chili oil, sherry, broth and soy sauce in an oven-proof dish. Season the steaks with salt and pepper. Heat a saute pan over medium heat with the remaining canola oil and sear the salmon steaks on both sides to a golden brown, taking care not to burn the sesame seeds. Place the seared fish, sesame seeds up, on the seasoned shallots in the ba <END>
INPUT: tail, claw, grape seed oil, leeks, chicken stock, Salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Butter Poached Lobster Tail with a Lobster Claw Cake in a Citrus Butter Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 (1 1/2 pound) Maine lobsters; 2 ounces grape seed oil; 2 leeks, cleaned and julienned; 1 cup chicken stock; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 tablespoons butter; 1 cup all-purpose flour; 1 tablespoon baking powder; 2 teaspoons granulated sugar; 3 whole eggs; 1/2 cup buttermilk; 1 1/2 cups half-and-half; 1 shallot, minced; 2 tablespoons minced chives; 1 tablespoon minced parsley | INSTRUCTIONS: Split lobsters, reserve tails, and season. Steam claws and shock in an ice bath. Clean claw meat to be free of all shell and shell fragments, chop, and reserve for the pancake mix. Preheat oven to 375 degrees F. In a saute pan, heat oil to smoking hot, saute leeks until translucent. Add chicken stock, and reduce liquid until nearly dry. Season with salt and pepper. Melt butter in a small saucepan. In a mixing bowl, combine flour, baking powder, and sugar. In a separate bowl, beat eggs slightly, add melted butter, and buttermilk. Add dry ingredients to egg mixture, and fold together, adding hal <END>
INPUT: jarred roasted peppers, rosemary needles, your favorite ketchup
OUTPUT: TITLE: Ro Ro Red Ketchup (Roasted Red Ketchup) | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup jarred roasted red peppers; 1 1/2 teaspoons minced fresh rosemary needles; 1 cup of your favorite ketchup | INSTRUCTIONS: In a small food processor, process the peppers and rosemary until smooth. Mix in the ketchup and serve with hot, salty fries. <END>
INPUT: salad, balsamic vinegar, shallot, virgin olive oil, container arugula leaves, fennel bulb
OUTPUT: TITLE: Arugula, Fennel, and Apricot Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons white balsamic vinegar; 2 tablespoons minced shallot; 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1 5-ounce container arugula leaves; 1 large fennel bulb, very thinly sliced, plus 1 tablespoon chopped fronds; 6 large apricots, pitted, sliced; 1/4 cup unsalted natural pistachios | INSTRUCTIONS: Whisk vinegar and shallot in medium bowl. Gradually whisk in oil. Season dressing to taste with salt and pepper. Place arugula, sliced fennel, and apricots in large bowl. Whisk chopped fennel fronds into dressing. Drizzle dressing over salad and toss to coat evenly. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Transfer salad to large serving bowl. Sprinkle pistachios over and serve. Whisk vinegar and shallot in medium bowl. Gradually whisk in oil. Season dressing to taste with salt and pepper. Place arugula, sliced fennel, and apricots in large bowl. Whisk chopped fennel fronds into dressing. Drizzle <END>
INPUT: salad, garlic, Parmesan, lemon juice, heavy cream, vegetable oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Freekeh Salad with Chicken and Kale | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 small garlic clove, finely grated; 2 tablespoons finely grated Parmesan; 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice; 1/4 cup heavy cream; 2 tablespoons vegetable oil; Kosher salt, freshly ground pepper; 1 cup freekeh; Kosher salt; 2 skinless, boneless chicken breasts (about 12 ounces total); Freshly ground black pepper; 2 tablespoons olive oil, divided; 1 bunch Tuscan kale, ribs and stems removed, leaves torn; 1 medium kohlrabi, peeled, cut into matchsticks; 4 radishes, thinly sliced; Shaved Asiago cheese and chopped fresh chives (for serving) | INSTRUCTIONS: For dressing: Whisk garlic, cheese, and lemon juice in a medium bowl. Gradually whisk in cream and oil; season with salt and pepper. DO AHEAD: Dressing can be made 1 day ahead. Cover and chill. Whisk garlic, cheese, and lemon juice in a medium bowl. Gradually whisk in cream and oil; season with salt and pepper. DO AHEAD: Dressing can be made 1 day ahead. Cover and chill. For salad and assembly: Cook freekeh in a medium saucepan of boiling salted water until al dente, 20–25 minutes; drain, shaking off water. Spread out on a baking sheet; let cool. Meanwhile, season chicken with salt and pepper. <END>
INPUT: soup, vegetable oil, smoked cocktail sausages, celery, carrot, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Smoked Sausage and Baked Bean Soup | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon vegetable oil; 20 smoked cocktail sausages (half of a 14-ounce package), halved; 2 stalks celery, diced; 1 carrot, diced; 1 small onion, chopped; Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper; 1 14-ounce can cherry tomatoes; 1 15-ounce can white beans (do not drain); 1 8-ounce can baked beans; 2 cups low-sodium chicken broth; 2 tablespoons roughly chopped fresh parsley; 1 cup shredded cheddar cheese (about 4 ounces) | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat the vegetable oil in a large pot or Dutch oven over medium-high heat. Add the sausages and cook, stirring occasionally, until lightly browned and crisp, about 5 minutes. Transfer to a plate with a slotted spoon. Add the celery, carrot and onion to the pot and cook, stirring occasionally, until slightly softened, about 5 minutes. Season with salt and pepper. Add the cherry tomatoes, white beans (and their liquid), baked beans, chicken broth and 2 1/2 cups water. Bring to a boil, then reduce the heat to medium and continue cooking until the soup thickens slightly and the tomatoes just start <END>
INPUT: Mexican, chili, verde, coriander, paprika, cumin, Kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pork and Lager Chili Verde | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 4 pounds boneless, skinless pork shoulder; 1 tablespoon ground coriander; 2 teaspoons paprika; 1 teaspoon ground cumin; Kosher salt; 4 tablespoons vegetable oil; 2 cups 1/4-inch diced red onion (from about 1 large onion); 1/4 cup minced garlic; 4 dried chiles de arbol; Four 12-ounce bottles Mexican lager; 1 pound tomatillos; 4 Anaheim peppers; 4 poblano peppers; 1 cup lightly packed fresh cilantro (stems and leaves), plus more leaves, for serving; 1/4 cup lime juice | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Cut the pork into 1-inch cubes and place in a large bowl. Combine the coriander, paprika, cumin and 2 tablespoons salt in a small bowl. Coat the pork with the dry rub. Heat 2 tablespoons of the oil in a large Dutch oven. Working in batches, add the pork and cook until browned on all sides, 8 to 10 minutes. Transfer to a large bowl. Saute the onion and garlic in the oil until softened, 6 to 8 minutes, being careful not to burn the garlic. Add the pork back to the pot. Stir in the dried chiles de arbol and cover with the Mexican lager. Bring to a boil and reduc <END>
INPUT: Mexican, cakes, sweet potatoes, jalapeno pepper, all purpose flour, baking powder, kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sweet Potato Chili Cakes with Cilantro Lime Sauce | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 4 cups peeled and grated sweet potatoes; 1/2 jalapeno pepper, seeded and diced; 3/4 cup all-purpose flour; 3/4 teaspoon baking powder; 3/4 teaspoon kosher salt; 1/2 teaspoon chipotle chili powder; 1/2 teaspoon ground cumin; 1/4 teaspoon ground black pepper; 1/4 cup whole milk; 1 large egg, lightly beaten; Olive oil for frying; Cilantro Lime Cream Sauce, recipe follows; Chopped fresh cilantro leaves, for garnish; 1 (8-ounce) container sour cream; 1/2 cup minced fresh cilantro leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large bowl, combine the sweet potatoes, jalapeno, flour, baking powder, salt, chili powder, cumin, and black pepper. In a small bowl lightly beat the milk and egg until well mixed. Add to the sweet potato mixture, stirring, until all the ingredients are well combined. Heat a large skillet over medium heat and add enough vegetable oil to cover bottom of skillet. Drop the sweet potato mixture, by rounded teaspoonfuls, into the hot oil. Press lightly to flatten the mixture to the size of a half dollar. Cook until the cakes are golden brown, about 1 to 2 minutes on each side. Transfer the cak <END>
INPUT: skewers, chicken livers, milk, unsalted butter, olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken Liver Skewers | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 pound chicken livers, separated into lobes, trimmed, and rinsed; 3/4 cup whole milk; 8 (5-inch) sturdy rosemary sprigs; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, divided; 1 tablespoon olive oil; 4 small radishes, thinly sliced (about 1/2 cup); 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice; Accompaniment: lemon wedges | INSTRUCTIONS: Soak livers in milk, chilled, 1 hour. Drain, then rinse and pat dry. Season with 1/4 teaspoon salt and 1/8 teaspoon pepper. Remove rosemary leaves from sprigs, leaving a small bunch at top of sprig. Thread livers (1 if large, 2 if smaller) onto rosemary sprigs. Heat 1 tablespoon butter and oil in a 12-inch heavy skillet over medium heat until foam subsides. Cook livers on skewers, turning once, until golden and just cooked through, 5 to 6 minutes total. Transfer to a platter. Pour off fat from skillet, then stir remaining tablespoon butter, radishes, and lemon juice into skillet. Spoon over li <END>
INPUT: Italian, juice, Italian plum tomatoes, olive oil, onion, garlic, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Linguine with Spicy Tomato and Clam Juice | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 28-ounce can Italian plum tomatoes, drained; 4 tablespoons olive oil; 1/2 red onion, chopped; 3 large garlic cloves, minced; 1/4 teaspoon dried crushed red pepper; Salt and pepper; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh marjoram or 1 1/2 teaspoons dried, crumbled; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh Italian parsley; 1 pound fresh clams; 8 ounces linguine | INSTRUCTIONS: Gently squeeze tomatoes to remove juices, then chop. Heat 3 tablespoons oil in heavy large saucepan over medium heat. Add onion and sauté until tender, about 5 minutes. Add garlic and sauté until soft, about 4 minutes. Add dried red pepper and stir 20 seconds. Mix in tomatoes and simmer until sauce thickens, stirring frequently, about 5 minutes. Season with salt and pepper. Stir in half of marjoram and half of parsley. Add clams to sauce. Cover and cook sauce until clams open, about 5 minutes. Meanwhile, cook linguine in large pot of boiling salted water until just tender but still firm to bit <END>
INPUT: Mexican, cold, salsa, water, wine, onion, dill, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cold Poached Salmon with Red Bell Pepper and Parsley Salsa | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups water; 1/2 cup dry white wine; 4 tablespoons chopped onion; 4 tablespoons chopped fresh dill; 3 teaspoons chopped garlic; 1 1/2 pounds Yukon Gold potatoes, peeled, each cut into 8 wedges; 2 8-ounce salmon steaks; 3 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley; 3 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 4 teaspoons olive oil; 1/4 cup finely chopped red bell pepper; 1 tablespoon drained capers | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring 2 cups water, wine, 2 tablespoons onion, 2 tablespoons dill and 1 1/2 teaspoons garlic to boil in wide saucepan or skillet. Add potatoes. Reduce heat; cover and simmer until potatoes are tender, about 20 minutes. Using slotted spoon, transfer potatoes to bowl. Cool. Add salmon steaks to poaching liquid in same saucepan. Cover and simmer over medium-low heat just until salmon is opaque in center, about 7 minutes. Using spatula, transfer salmon to plate and cool. Cut salmon steaks in half; remove skin and bones. Cut salmon into 1-inch pieces. Combine parsley, lemon juice, oil, 2 tablespoon <END>
INPUT: meats, vegetables, garlic, lemon juice, virgin olive oil, smoked salt, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Meats and Vegetables over Saffron Orzo | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 5 cloves garlic, minced; 1 cup fresh lemon juice, from about 5 lemons; 2 cups extra-virgin olive oil; 2 teaspoons smoked salt, or kosher salt; 2 teaspoons freshly ground black pepper; 1/2 teaspoon red pepper flakes; 1/2 cup chopped flat-leaf parsley; 3 skinless, boneless chicken breasts; 4 boneless, skinless chicken thighs; 1/2 pound medium shrimp, shelled and deveined; 2 ears corn, husked and cut into thirds; 1/2 pound cremini mushrooms, wiped clean; 1 red bell pepper, halved and cored; 1 yellow bell pepper, halved and cored; 1 orange bell pepper, halved and cored | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. In a medium bowl, combine the marinade ingredients. In a large bowl, combine half the marinade with the chicken breasts, chicken thighs, and shrimp. Toss to combine. Cover and let marinate for at least 1 hour. If marinating for longer than 1 hour, make sure to refrigerate. Place a grill pan over medium-high heat or preheat a gas or charcoal grill. Brush the corn with reserved unused marinade and wrap in foil. Toss the mushrooms with 1/4 cup of the reserved unused marinade. Grill the chicken breasts and thighs to an internal temperature of 165 degrees F, about 7 m <END>
INPUT: top loin pork, panko, fontina cheese, sage, salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pork Loin with Prosciutto, Fontina, and Sage | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 1/2 pound boneless top loin pork roast; 2/3 cup panko, (Japanese bread crumbs); 1/3 cup fontina cheese, shredded (about 1 ounce); 1 tablespoon fresh sage, chopped; salt and pepper; 4 thin slices prosciutto | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. In a medium bowl, combine panko, fontina, and sage. Stand roast on end and insert thin-bladed knife down center of loin to make 2-inch opening all the way through. Use your fingers to force the slit into a long 1-inch-diameter hole. Pack panko mixture into hole, working from both ends of roast. Season roast on all sides with salt and pepper. Place roast, fat side up, on work surface. Arrange prosciutto slices across top of roast. Tie with kitchen twine at 1- to 1 1/2-inch intervals. Place in shallow roasting pan, prosciutto side up, and roast 45 minutes to 1 hour <END>
INPUT: American, burgers, reduction, cipollini onions, olive oil, balsamic vinegar, egg, Irvine Spices Smokey
OUTPUT: TITLE: Kobe Bleu Cheese Mini-Burgers with Cipollini Onions in Balsamic Reduction | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 24 cipollini onions; 1 tablespoon olive oil; 1 cup balsamic vinegar; 1 large egg, beaten; 1 tablespoon Irvine Spices Smokey Rotisserie Seasoning; 1 red onion, finely minced; 1 pound ground Kobe beef; 2 ounces bleu cheese, crumbled; 8 mini-potato rolls (the dinner-roll size) | INSTRUCTIONS: In order to easily peel the cipollini onions, blanch them for 2 minutes in about 2 cups boiling water. Slip off the skins and remove the roots. Heat the olive oil in a medium saute pan over medium heat and saute the cipollini onions until they begin to soften and turn translucent. Deglaze the pan with the balsamic vinegar and reduce until the liquid is almost all gone. Set aside briefly. Heat grill. In a mixing bowl combine egg, Smokey Rotisserie seasoning and onion and stir in beef, mixing well. Add crumbled bleu cheese and mix just enough to uniformly distribute without breaking up the chees <END>
INPUT: thit, rice vermicelli bun, romaine lettuce leaves, carrots, cucumber, mint leaves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Rice Vermicelli: Bun Thit | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 8 ounces dried rice vermicelli or 1 pound fresh bun; 8 romaine lettuce leaves, ribs removed, julienned; 2 carrots, peeled and julienned; 1/2 cucumber, peeled, seeded, and thinly sliced into crescents; 12 large mint leaves, julienned; Nuoc Cham, as needed, recipe follows; 5 tablespoons sugar; 3 tablespoons water; 1/3 cup fish sauce; 1/2 cup lime or lemon juice; 1 large clove garlic, minced; 1 or more bird's eye or Thai chiles, seeded and minced; 1 shallot, peeled, thinly sliced, and rinsed (optional) | INSTRUCTIONS: If using dried rice vermicelli, place it in a bowl and cover with lukewarm water. Let stand until pliable, about 20 minutes. Bring a pot of hot water to a boil. Drain and divide the rice vermicelli into 4 equal portions. Place 1 portion at a time in a sieve and lower it into the boiling water. Untangle the noodles with chopsticks and boil until tender but firm, about 3 seconds. Remove, drain, and place in a large bowl. Repeat this step until you have 4 individual servings. If using fresh bun, there is no need to boil them. Divide the noodles among 4 bowls. Scatter some lettuce, carrot, cucumbe <END>
INPUT: soup, unsalted butter, onion, Yukon Gold potatoes, chicken stock low
OUTPUT: TITLE: Bacon and Cabbage Soup | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 (1/3-pound) piece Irish bacon (available at specialty foods shops) or Canadian bacon; 3 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1 medium onion, finely chopped; 2 large Yukon Gold potatoes, peeled and cut into 1/2-inch dice; 5 1/2 cups chicken stock or low-sodium chicken broth; 4 Turkish bay leaves; 2 teaspoons kosher salt; 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 1/2 small head Savoy cabbage, cored, thinly sliced, and cut into 1/2-inch pieces | INSTRUCTIONS: In small saucepan, combine bacon and cold water to cover. Cover, bring to boil over moderate heat, and skim foam from surface. Reduce heat and simmer 7 minutes. Drain and cool, then cut into 1-inch chunks. Set aside. In 6-quart heavy stock pot over moderate heat, melt butter. Add onion and sauté, stirring, until softened, about 3 minutes. Add potatoes and sauté 2 minutes. Add stock, bay leaves, salt, and pepper and bring to boil. Reduce heat to moderately low, cover, and simmer until potatoes are soft, about 8 to 10 minutes. Add cabbage and simmer 5 additional minutes. Discard bay leaves. Work <END>
INPUT: French, quiche, grain wheat crackers, zucchini, Kosher salt, vegetable oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Green Chile and Zucchini Quiche | CUISINE: French | INGREDIENTS: 4 tablespoons (1/2 stick) unsalted butter, melted; 24 whole grain wheat crackers (Triscuits) ground in a food processor (about 1 cup) or 1 cup dried bread crumbs; 1 medium zucchini (about 6 ounces); Kosher salt; 1 tablespoon vegetable oil; 1 small onion, chopped (about 1/2 cup); 1/4 cup unbleached all-purpose flour; 1/2 teaspoon baking powder; 3 large eggs; 1/2 pound freshly grated Monterey jack cheese (about 2 cups); 1 cup whole-milk cottage cheese; 1 (4.5-ounce) can chopped green chiles, drained; Bottled salsa, optional | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Stir 2 tablespoons of the melted butter into the cracker crumbs. Press the crumb mixture into the bottom and 1-inch up the side of a 9-inch glass pie plate. Bake the crust in the center of the preheated oven until it begins to brown, about 7 minutes. Remove the crust from the oven and reduce the oven temperature to 350 degrees F. Meanwhile, grate the zucchini, preferably using the grating attachment of a food processor. Toss the zucchini with 1/2 teaspoon salt and let drain in a colander for 10 minutes. Heat the oil in a medium skillet over high heat until ho <END>
INPUT: loaf Panera Bread®, olive oil, salt, thyme, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mustard-Glazed Salmon Salad with Light Buttermilk Dressing | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 small loaf of Panera Bread® Sourdough Bread; 4 tablespoons olive oil; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/4 teaspoon dried thyme; 1/8 teaspoon ground black pepper; 1 pound salmon fillet; 2 tablespoons honey mustard; 1 tablespoon minced fresh dill; Salad and Dressing ingredients:; 2 tablespoons cider vinegar; 2 tablespoons light sour cream; 2 tablespoons reduced-fat buttermilk; 1 small garlic clove, minced; 1 scallion (green parts only), minced; Pinch of paprika | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F and preheat a rimmed baking sheet in the oven. Cut bread into 1/2-inch cubes. Combine 2 tablespoons of oil, 1/4 teaspoon of salt, thyme, and a pinch of black pepper in a large bowl. Add bread cubes and, using your hands, toss to coat. Transfer to a hot baking sheet, spread in a single layer, and bake until golden brown, about 15 minutes. If your oven has convection, turn it on to help brown croutons all over. Otherwise, turn them halfway through cooking for even browning. Remove and let cool on paper towels. Wipe the baking sheet clean, and then return it to the o <END>
INPUT: virgin olive oil, leeks, onion, egg yolks, heavy
OUTPUT: TITLE: Gorgonzola and Leek Crème Brûlée | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil; 2 medium-large leeks (about 12 ounces total), split lengthwise, washed thoroughly, and sliced crosswise; 1 small yellow onion, chopped; 5 large egg yolks; 1 cup heavy (whipping) cream; 1 cup half-and-half; 5 ounces Gorgonzola cheese, crumbled; 1 tablespoon minced fresh dill or tarragon, or 3/4 teaspoon dried dill or tarragon; 3 tablespoons minced Italian parsley; Salt and freshly ground black pepper to taste; 24 teaspoons or 6 tablespoons grated Parmesan cheese, or 9 or 6 teaspoons sugar for topping | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 275°F. In a medium saucepan, heat the oil over medium heat. Add the leeks and onion, and sauté for 7 to 10 minutes, or until soft. In a medium bowl, whisk the egg yolks until pale in color. Whisk in the cream and half-and-half. Mix in the leeks, onions, Gorgonzola, dill or tarragon, parsley, salt, and pepper. Place six standard-size flan dishes in a baking pan. Divide the custard mixture among the dishes. Pour warm water into the pan to come halfway up the sides of the dishes. Bake in the oven for 35 to 40 minutes, or until the center of each custard still jiggles slightly. <END>
INPUT: bread, zucchini, apple, light sugar, canola oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Zucchini and Apple Bread | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Nonstick spray; 1 cup finely grated zucchini (about 1 zucchini); 1 cup grated green apple, peeled and cored (about 1 apple); 1 1/4 cups packed light brown sugar; 1 cup canola oil; 3 large eggs; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; 3 cups plus 1/2 teaspoon all-purpose flour; 1/4 teaspoon kosher salt; 1 1/2 teaspoons baking powder; 1 1/2 teaspoons baking soda; 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1 teaspoon freshly ground nutmeg; 1 1/2 cups chopped walnuts | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Coat 2 (4 1/2 by 8 1/2-inch) loaf pans with nonstick spray. Line the pans with parchment paper and spray the paper. Combine the zucchini, apple, brown sugar, oil, eggs and vanilla extract in a large bowl and stir to combine. Add 3 cups flour, salt, baking powder, baking soda, cinnamon and nutmeg to the bowl and mix well. Toss the nuts with the remaining1/2 teaspoon flour to coat and prevent them from sinking. Gently stir in the nuts and the extract. Divide the batter between the 2 loaf pans. Bake until a toothpick or skewer inserted in the middle of each loaf <END>
INPUT: Asian, chorrilos, garlic, coarse sea salt, ginger, cardamom, vermouth
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tuna Steaks Chorrilos-Style | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 2 cloves garlic; 1 tablespoon coarse sea salt; 2 tablespoons grated ginger; 1/2 teaspoon ground cardamom; 1 tablespoon dry vermouth; I tablespoon lime juice; 1 teaspoon sesame oil; 3 tablespoons olive oil; 6 (8-ounce) tuna steaks, skin removed and dark sections discarded; 3 thin slices bacon, cut into fine strips; 2 medium red onions, cut into 1/4-inch slices; 6 cloves garlic, thinly sliced; 3 jalapeno chiles, seeded and julienned; 1/4 cup red wine vinegar; 6 plum tomatoes, cut into wedges | INSTRUCTIONS: In a mortar and pestle or a food processor, combine the garlic, salt, ginger and cardamom and pound to a smooth paste. Add the vermouth and the lime juice and whisk to mix. Allow to sit for 5 minutes, then add the sesame oil and 1 tablespoon of the olive oil. Rub this mixture into both sides of the tuna steaks and allow to sit at room temperature for about 15 minutes. Heat the remaining 2 tablespoons olive oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Add the bacon and saute, stirring, until crisp. Add the onions and continue to saute, stirring frequently, until the onions are golden. Add the  <END>
INPUT: roll, baking chips, creamy peanut butter, semi sweet chocolate, Nature Valley
OUTPUT: TITLE: Choco-Peanut Butter Cups | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 roll (18 oz) Pillsbury(r) refrigerated peanut butter cookies; 1 cup white baking chips (6 oz); 1 1/2 cups creamy peanut butter; 1 cup semi-sweet chocolate chips (6 oz); 4 Nature Valley(r) oats 'n honey crunchy granola bars (2 pouches from 8.9-oz box), crushed (3/4 cup)* | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat oven to 350 degrees F. Grease 24 mini muffin cups with cooking spray or shortening. Cut cookie dough into 24 slices. Press 1 slice in bottom and up side of each mini muffin cup, forming 1/4-inch rim above top of cup (dust fingers with flour if necessary). Bake 10 to 15 minutes or until edges are deep golden brown. Cool in pans on wire racks 5 minutes. With tip of handle of wooden spoon, press dough down in center of each cup to make room for 2 tablespoons filling. Meanwhile, in 2-quart saucepan, melt white chips and 3/4 cup of the peanut butter over low heat, stirring constantly. Divide m <END>
INPUT: salad, dressing, garlic, wine vinegar, lemon juice additional, sun tomatoes oil, plum tomatoes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Tuna Salad with Sun-Dried Tomato Dressing | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 large garlic clove, minced and mashed to a paste with 1/2 teaspoon salt; 2 tablespoons red-wine vinegar; 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice plus additional to taste; 1/4 cup finely chopped drained sun-dried tomatoes packed in oil; 2 plum tomatoes, seeded and chopped; 1/2 cup olive oil; 2 tablespoons sour cream; 1/2 cup packed fresh coriander; 10 cups loosely packed mesclun (mixed baby greens, available at specialty produce markets); 1 cup cherry tomatoes, halved lengthwise; 1 cup cooked fresh corn (cut from about 2 ears); two 1-inch-thick tuna steaks (about 1-1/2 pounds) olive oil for brushing the tuna nasturtium blossoms for garnish if desired | INSTRUCTIONS: Make the dressing: In a blender blend together the garlic, the vinegar, 1 tablespoon of the lemon juice, the sun-dried tomatoes, the plum tomatoes, and 1/4 cup water until the mixture is smooth and with the motor running add the oil in a stream. Add the sour cream, the coriander, the additional lemon juice, and salt and pepper to taste and blend the dressing until it is combined well. (The dressing may be made 1 day in advance and kept covered and chilled. Let the dressing return to room temperature.) In a large bowl toss the mesclun with the tomatoes and the corn and divide the mixture among  <END>
INPUT: blackened, smashed, baby skinned potatoes, Kosher salt, baby lima beans, fat free sour, unsalted butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Blackened Salmon with Lima Bean Smashed Potatoes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound baby red-skinned potatoes, halved or quartered; Kosher salt; 1 1/2 cups frozen baby lima beans (about 6 ounces), thawed; 1/2 cup fat-free sour cream; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; Freshly ground black pepper; 1 tablespoon paprika; 2 teaspoons chopped fresh thyme; 1 teaspoon cayenne pepper; 4 skinless center-cut wild salmon fillets (about 4 ounces each); 1 tablespoon vegetable oil; 3 scallions, sliced; Lime wedges, for serving | INSTRUCTIONS: Put the potatoes in a saucepan; cover with cold water by 1 inch and season with salt. Bring to a boil, then reduce the heat to medium and simmer 8 minutes. Add the lima beans; simmer until the potatoes are fork-tender, 4 minutes. Reserve 1/4 cup cooking water, then drain and return to the pot. Add the sour cream, 1 tablespoon butter and the reserved cooking water. Season with salt and pepper and smash. Combine the paprika, thyme, cayenne and 1 teaspoon salt in a bowl; sprinkle on both sides of the salmon. Heat the vegetable oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Add the salmon and cook until <END>
INPUT: beef filets, soy sauce, garlic, butter, mustard
OUTPUT: TITLE: Filet of Beef with Roasted Garlic Soy Butter and Mustard | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 - 4 beef filets (6 to 8 ounces each); 1 bottle soy sauce; 1 head garlic; 1 pound butter; 1 bottle mustard; Vegetable oil | INSTRUCTIONS: SAUCE: Coat bottom of pot with vegetable oil. Cut whole garlic head in half; place both halves in pot with leaves. Cook for about 3 to 5 minutes. Add half bottle of soy sauce; once mixture reaches a boil, add the pound of butter. Simmer for 15 minutes. FILET: Season each filet with salt, then sear in a pan. When filets are seared to desired doneness, remove from heat and allow to sit for 2 to 3 minutes. Make a small cut in center of filet, pour sauce over the top. Place a small amount of mustard on the side for dipping. <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, herbed, corn kernels, unsalted butter, chicken broth, couscous, chives
OUTPUT: TITLE: Herbed Corn and Couscous | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup fresh corn kernels (cut from 2 ears of corn) or thawed frozen; 1 tablespoon unsalted butter; 3/4 cup chicken broth; 1/2 cup couscous; 2 tablespoons minced fresh chives | INSTRUCTIONS: In a small heavy saucepan cook the corn in the butter over moderately high heat, stirring, for 1 minute, add the broth, and bring the liquid to a boil. Stir in the couscous, remove the pan from the heat, and let the mixture stand, covered, for 5 minutes. Stir in the chives and salt and pepper to taste. In a small heavy saucepan cook the corn in the butter over moderately high heat, stirring, for 1 minute, add the broth, and bring the liquid to a boil. Stir in the couscous, remove the pan from the heat, and let the mixture stand, covered, for 5 minutes. Stir in the chives and salt and pepper to <END>
INPUT: mixed, blanched almonds, pecans, walnuts, shelled pumpkin seeds, pure maple syrup
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sweet-and-Spicy Mixed Nuts | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup blanched almonds; 1 cup pecans; 1 cup walnuts; 1/4 cup shelled raw pumpkin seeds (pepitas); 1/3 cup pure maple syrup; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 2 tablespoons rosemary leaves; 2 teaspoons crushed red pepper flakes; 1 teaspoon hot smoked Spanish paprika; 1 teaspoon kosher salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350ºF. Toss 1 cup blanched almonds, 1 cup pecans, 1 cup walnuts, 1/4 cup raw pumpkin seeds, 1/3 cup pure maple syrup, 2 Tbsp. olive oil, 2 Tbsp. rosemary leaves, 2 tsp. crushed red pepper flakes, 1 tsp. hot smoked Spanish paprika, and 1 tsp. kosher salt in a medium bowl. Roast on a rimmed baking sheet, tossing occasionally, until nuts are toasted, 20–25 minutes. Spread out on parchment paper, breaking up clusters. Let cool. Preheat oven to 350ºF. Toss 1 cup blanched almonds, 1 cup pecans, 1 cup walnuts, 1/4 cup raw pumpkin seeds, 1/3 cup pure maple syrup, 2 Tbsp. olive oil, 2 T <END>
INPUT: cognac, Ice, cream, Cinnamon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate Chai Tea Cognac | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup cognac; 1/4 cup (2 ounces) chocolate Chai tea (recommended: Lover Chocolate Chai); Ice; Splash cream; Cinnamon sticks | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: Chocolate Shot Glasses Shake the cognac and tea together in cocktail shaker with ice. Add cream. Shake and serve in Chocolate Shot Glasses. Add cinnamon stick for garnish. <END>
INPUT: bearbq, paprika, kosher salt, granulated garlic, pepper, onion powder
OUTPUT: TITLE: BearBQ Ribs | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 1/2 tablespoons paprika; 2 tablespoons kosher salt; 2 tablespoons granulated garlic; 1 tablespoon fresh ground black pepper; 1 tablespoon onion powder; 1 tablespoon ground dried home grown tabasco peppers; 1 tablespoon Italian seasoning; 2 tablespoons chili powder; 1/2 cup turbinado; 4 slabs ribs; BBQ Sauce, recipe follows; 1 large onion; 1 head garlic, separated into cloves; 16 ounces white vinegar; 16 ounces cider vinegar | INSTRUCTIONS: : Rub 4 slabs of ribs with BearBQ Butt Rub, and wrap tightly with plastic wrap. Let sit overnight night in refrigerator. Get up next morning make Bloodymary, take ribs out of refrigerator, go out in backyard and start smoker. Add about 4 to 5 hickory chunks soaked in water. When smoker is ready place ribs in rib rack and place on smoker. Temperature should stay around 200 to 250 degrees F. Smoke for about 3 hours, turning once about 1/2 way through the cooking time. After 3 hours mop ribs with BearBQ sauce and wrap in foil, seal tightly and put back on smoker for about 1 hour. Unwrap ribs mop  <END>
INPUT: knots, sugar, all purpose flour, eggs
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate and Almond Knots | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/3 cup (3 1/2 ounces) almond paste; 1/3 cup sugar, plus more for sprinkling; 4 tablespoons (1/2 stick) unsalted butter, cut into small pieces, at room temperature; 2 tablespoons all-purpose flour, plus more for dusting; 2 large eggs; One 8.5-ounce sheet puff pastry, thawed; 2 ounces bittersweet chocolate, very finely chopped; 3 tablespoons sliced, skin-on almonds, finely chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: Put the almond paste, sugar, butter, flour and 1 egg in the food processor and pulse until it becomes a smooth paste. Dust a work surface with flour and roll the puff pastry into a 12-inch square. Spoon small dollops of the almond filling all over the surface of the pastry and then use a spatula or the back of a spoon to spread it out into an even layer. Cut the pastry into three 4-inch wide pieces. Sprinkle each with chocolate. Starting at the long side of one of the pastry pieces, roll it up into a long cylindrical log. Holding one end of the log in each hand, gently snap the dough towards t <END>
INPUT: Mexican, salsa, olive corn oil, onion, bell pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Huitlacoche Salsa | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons olive or corn oil; 1 red onion, finely diced; 1 green bell pepper, finely diced; 1 red bell pepper, finely diced; 1 yellow bell pepper, finely diced; 1 jalapeno, finely minced; 2 (6-ounce) cans huitlacoche or 1/2 pound fresh huitlacoche; 1 cup balsamic vinegar; 1/2 cup extra-virgin olive oil; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1/2 cup finely chopped scallion; 1/2 cup finely chopped cilantro; Serving suggestion: serve with chicken or other poultry | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large saute pan, heat the olive oil. Add the onion, peppers, and jalapeno, and saute for 5 minutes. Add the huitlacoche, deglaze with the vinegar and oil, and season with salt and pepper. Set aside to cool for 10 minutes. When the mixture has cooled, mix in the scallions and cilantro. <END>
INPUT: virgin olive oil, bay leaves, skinned potatoes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Potatoes with Bay Leaves | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 4 bay leaves; 2 pounds small red-skinned potatoes | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 450°F. Combine oil and bay leaves in small skillet. Cook over medium heat just until warm. Remove from heat. Let stand 15 minutes so that bay leaves flavor oil. Toss potatoes with bay leaf oil in large roasting pan. Sprinkle with salt and pepper. Roast until potatoes are brown and tender, stirring occasionally, about 45 minutes. Discard bay leaves. Transfer potatoes to bowl and serve. Preheat oven to 450°F. Combine oil and bay leaves in small skillet. Cook over medium heat just until warm. Remove from heat. Let stand 15 minutes so that bay leaves flavor oil. Toss potatoes with  <END>
INPUT: American, sausage, burgers, virgin olive oil, pancetta, onions, Salt pepper, bay leaf
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken Sausage Burgers with Balsamic Onion Barbecue Sauce | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: Extra-virgin olive oil, for liberal drizzling plus 2 tablespoons; 1/4 pound pancetta, chopped; 2 red onions chopped; Salt and black pepper; 1 fresh bay leaf; 2 pounds ground chicken; 1 1/2 tablespoons fennel seed, lightly toasted; 1 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes -- go heavier for extra spicy; 1/4 teaspoon allspice; Zest and juice of 1 orange; 3 tablespoons finely chopped rosemary, 4 to 5 sprigs; 4 cloves garlic, grated with a microplane or the small side of a box grater; 2 generous handfuls of grated Parmigiano Reggiano or Romano cheese; 2 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce, eyeball it; 1/2 cup aged balsamic vinegar | INSTRUCTIONS: Put 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil in a pot over medium high heat. If you're cooking outside you can cook over the grill flames. Add the pancetta to the pot and crisp it up, 3 to 4 minutes, add the onion to the pot and season with salt and pepper - go heavy on that pepper. The black pepper will really balance out the sweetness of your sauce later on. Add the bay leaf to the pot. While the onions cook, place the ground chicken in a bowl and add fennel seed, red pepper flakes, allspice, orange zest, rosemary, garlic, salt and pepper, to taste, and cheese. Mix the meat with seasonings and f <END>
INPUT: Indian, jeweled, unsalted, slivered almonds, basmati rice, Kosher salt, orange
OUTPUT: TITLE: Jeweled Rice | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup unsalted, shelled raw natural pistachios; 1/4 cup slivered almonds; 2 cups basmati rice; Kosher salt; 1 orange; 1/2 cup sugar; 2 medium carrots, peeled, cut into matchstick-size pieces; 1/4 cup dried barberries or 1/2 cup dried cranberries; 1/4 cup raisins; 1/4 teaspoon saffron threads; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 4 tablespoons olive oil, divided; 1 medium onion, finely chopped; 1/4 teaspoon ground cardamom; 1/4 teaspoon ground cumin | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350°. Spread pistachios on a rimmed baking sheet and toast until just beginning to brown, about 4 minutes. Transfer to a plate, let cool, then coarsely chop. Spread almonds on the same baking sheet and toast until golden brown, 5-8 minutes; let cool. Set nuts aside. Place rice in a fine-mesh sieve and rinse under cold water until water runs clear. Cook rice in a large pot of boiling salted water, stirring occasionally, until grains have lengthened but are still firm, 6-7 minutes; drain and rinse under cold water. Spread rice on another rimmed baking sheet; let cool. Meanwhile,  <END>
INPUT: napoleons, quince paste, almonds, an adjustable blade
OUTPUT: TITLE: Manchego Quince Paste Napoleons | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 (1/2-pound) wedge chilled aged Manchego cheese, rind cut off; 1/4 pound chilled quince paste (membrillo), in a block (preferably rectangular); 1/4 cup sliced almonds, toasted and cooled; Equipment: an adjustable-blade slicer | INSTRUCTIONS: Square off curved side of cheese wedge with a knife so it fits slicer, then slice cheese into generous 1/8-inch-thick rectangles (about 8). Arrange in 1 layer on a sheet of parchment or wax paper. Cut quince paste into 1/16-inch-thick rectangular slices with slicer or a knife and put on top of Manchego slices, piecing quince-paste slices together to cover cheese evenly. Make "napoleons" by stacking 2 cheese/paste layers together. Press almonds decoratively into quince paste on top. Cut stacks into serving pieces (about 1 1/2- by 1/2-inch rectangles or 1-inch squares), trimming edges. Square of <END>
INPUT: water, Turkey figs, Mission figs, Sherry
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fig Jam | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 1/2 cups water; 12 ounces fresh Brown Turkey figs, quartered (about 1 3/4 cups); 12 ounces fresh black Mission figs, quartered (1 3/4 cups); 1 cup (packed) golden brown sugar; 1/2 cup dry Sherry; 1/4 cup sugar; 3 tablespoons red wine vinegar; 2 tablespoons minced shallot; 1 garlic clove, minced; 1 cinnamon stick; 1 teaspoon minced peeled fresh ginger; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1 tablespoon argan oil*; 1 tablespoon grated lemon peel | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring all ingredients except argan oil and lemon peel to boil in large saucepan. Simmer until mixture is syrupy and figs are tender, stirring often, about 25 minutes. Add more water by 1/4 cupfuls if mixture is too thick. Remove cinnamon stick. Transfer mixture to processor; pulse until almost smooth. Mix in argan oil and lemon peel. Cover jam and chill. Bring to room temperature before serving. Bring all ingredients except argan oil and lemon peel to boil in large saucepan. Simmer until mixture is syrupy and figs are tender, stirring often, about 25 minutes. Add more water by 1/4 cupfuls if m <END>
INPUT: soup, butter, onions, carrots, chicken broth, long grain rice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Carrot Soup | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons butter; 2 medium onions, finely chopped; 4 carrots, finely chopped; 1 quart chicken broth; 1/3 cup long grain white rice; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1/2 cup heavy cream or non-fat yogurt, optional; 2 tablespoons chopped parsley | INSTRUCTIONS: Melt the butter. Add the onions and carrots, and cook them, covered, for 10 minutes or until tender. Add the stock and rice, 3/4 teaspoon of salt and freshly ground pepper to taste. Bring the liquid to a boil, and simmer for 25 minutes longer or until rice is tender as well. Remove from heat, puree in a food mill, blender or processor. Return the soup to a saucepan and thin with water of too thick. Bring back to a boil and adjust the seasoning. Stir in cream and remove from heat or, remove the soup from heat and whisk in yogurt. Garnish with parsley <END>
INPUT: Two bottles wine, sugar, Cognac, long orange zest
OUTPUT: TITLE: Orange Wine | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 pounds (about 4) oranges, each cut into 16 pieces; Two 750-ml bottles dry white wine; 1 cup sugar; 1/4 cup Cognac; Garnish: long strips of orange zest removed with a vegetable peeler | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large bowl, combine the oranges and the wine and chill the mixture, covered tightly with plastic wrap, for 5 days. Discard the oranges, add the sugar and the Cognac, and stir the mixture until the sugar is dissolved. Strain the mixture through a sieve lined with a double thickness of rinsed and squeezed cheesecloth into a bowl and pour the wine into decorative bottles with corks. Insert a strip of the orange zest into each bottle and chill the wine, corked, for one week. The wine keeps, chilled for 3 months. In a large bowl, combine the oranges and the wine and chill the mixture, covered  <END>
INPUT: American, casserole, canola oil, all purpose flour, French beans, mushrooms
OUTPUT: TITLE: Green Bean Casserole | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons canola oil, plus more for cooking leeks; 2 tablespoons all-purpose flour; 1 (15-ounce) can mushroom broth; 1 1/2 pounds frozen French-cut green beans, defrosted; 1 cup sliced fresh mushrooms; 1/2 cup frozen pearl onions, thawed; 2 medium leeks (white part and some of the green), cleaned and thinly sliced; Salt and pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. In a small saucepan, heat the 2 tablespoons of canola oil over medium heat. Sprinkle in the flour and stir constantly to form a paste (you are making a roux, used to thicken the broth). Once a paste forms, slowly pour in the mushroom broth while whisking constantly to prevent lumps. Continue cooking until broth is thick. Meanwhile, layer green beans, mushrooms, and pearl onions in a casserole dish. Pour the thickened sauce over and bake for 25 minutes. While casserole is baking, place leeks in a small saucepan and add just enough canola oil to cover. Place the sa <END>
INPUT: Asian, sesame, seeds, Vegetable oil, soy sauce, tahini, salmon fillet, Reserved salmon skin
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tahini Grilled Salmon with Sauteed Spinach, Beets with Sesame Seeds, Eggplant Puree and Tahini Sauce | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: Vegetable oil, for grilling; 1/4 cup soy sauce; 1/4 cup tahini; One 20-ounce salmon fillet, cut into 5-ounce portions, skin removed and reserved; Reserved salmon skin; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 tablespoon olive oil; 1 clove garlic, minced; 1 shallot, minced; 1 bunch spinach, stems removed and washed; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1/4 cup red wine vinegar; 2 tablespoons salt; 2 tablespoons sugar; 3 large beets | INSTRUCTIONS: For the tahini grilled salmon: Preheat the grill to medium and lightly oil the grates. Mix the soy sauce and tahini in a bowl. Brush the salmon on both sides with the tahini soy sauce and place on the grill. Cook the salmon for about 3 minutes on each side and remove from the grill. For the crispy salmon skin: Preheat the grill to medium-high heat. Sprinkle the salmon skin with salt and pepper and place on the grill skin-side down. Once the skin begins to bubble, flip and grill until the salmon skin is completely crisp. Remove the salmon skin from the grill, place on a paper towel, cut in half <END>
INPUT: crostata, honey, unbleached all purpose, cornmeal, sugar, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pear Crostata with Figs and Honey | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 2/3 cups unbleached all purpose flour; 1/3 cup cornmeal; 2 tablespoons sugar; 1 teaspoon salt; 3/4 cup (1 1/2 sticks) chilled unsalted butter, cut into 1/2-inch cubes; 3 tablespoons (or more) ice water; 1/4 cup (packed) golden brown sugar; 1/4 cup sugar; 2 tablespoons cornstarch; 1 teaspoon (scant) ground cardamom; 1/4 teaspoon ground cloves; 1/4 teaspoon coarse kosher salt; 2 1/4 pounds firm but ripe unpeeled Anjou pears (about 4), cored, each cut into 8 wedges; 10 dried but moist Calimyrna figs (about 4 ounces), stemmed, quartered; Heavy whipping cream (for brushing) | INSTRUCTIONS: For crust: Blend first 4 ingredients in processor. Add butter; using on/off turns, process until mixture resembles coarse meal. Remove lid; spoon 3 tablespoons ice water over mixture. Return lid to processor; using on/off turns, blend mixture until dough forms ball, adding more ice water by teaspoonfuls if dry. Flatten dough into disk; wrap in plastic and chill at least 20 minutes. DO AHEAD: Can be made 2 days ahead. Keep chilled. Let dough soften slightly at room temperature before rolling out. Blend first 4 ingredients in processor. Add butter; using on/off turns, process until mixture resem <END>
INPUT: sockeye, bell peppers, wild salmon, virgin olive oil, capers, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Baked Sockeye Salmon with Bell Peppers and Capers | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 red bell peppers and 1 yellow; 2 pounds wild salmon, preferably cut as a long fillet, not steaks; 3 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil; 2 tablespoons capers, drained and rinsed in cold water if packed in vinegar OR if packed in salt, rinsed, soaked in cold water for 10 minutes, then ri; 4 whole peeled garlic cloves; Fine sea salt; Black pepper ground fresh from the mill | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. Char the peppers, skin them, split them, and remove their core and seeds. Cut them into strips less than an inch wide and 1 1/2 -inch long. You can prepare the peppers early the same day that you are making the fish for dinner. 2. Turn on the oven to 375°. 3. Wash the fish in cold water and pat it dry with paper towels. 4. Coat a baking dish with 2 tablespoons of olive oil. Lay the salmon down in the pan, skin side facing down if you have long fillets. Distribute all around the salmon the peppers, capers, and the whole peeled garlic cloves. Sprinkle with a liberal quantity of salt and fresh <END>
INPUT: potted, butter, sweet onions, salt, pepper, ancho chili powder
OUTPUT: TITLE: Bourbon Potted Chili Onions | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons butter; 3 pounds sweet onions, Vidalia or Texas sweets, thinly sliced; 1 teaspoon salt; 1 teaspoon ground black pepper; 2 tablespoons ancho chili powder; 3 tablespoons tomato paste; 1/4 cup sugar; 1/4 cup white vinegar; 1/2 cup bourbon; 1 cup beef broth | INSTRUCTIONS: Melt the butter in a large casserole over low heat. Add the onions, add the salt and pepper and stir to coat well. Cook very slowly over slow heat until the onions are soft and translucent. In rapid succession add the chili powder and stir to incorporate fully. Stir in the tomato paste and sugar and moisten with the vinegar. Continue to cook over low heat. As the liquids begin to bubble, be careful not to burn the tomato and sugar. Nothing should caramelize in this dish. Add the bourbon carefully, allowing the alcohol to burn off. Add the broth and braise, with a lid on, until the onions are n <END>
INPUT: heavy whipping cream, milk, sugar, egg yolks
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lemon Ice Cream | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 cups heavy whipping cream; 1 cup whole milk; 1 1/4 cups sugar, divided; 1 tablespoon (packed) finely grated lemon peel; 8 large egg yolks; 5 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; Special equipment: Ice cream maker | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine heavy whipping cream, whole milk, 1 cup sugar, and grated lemon peel in heavy large saucepan. Bring mixture to simmer over medium heat, stirring until sugar dissolves. Remove from heat. Whisk egg yolks, fresh lemon juice, and remaining 1/4 cup sugar in large heatproof bowl to blend. Gradually whisk in hot cream mixture. Return mixture to saucepan. Stir over medium heat until custard thickens slightly and instant-read thermometer inserted into mixture registers 170°F to 175°F, about 5 minutes (do not boil). Strain custard into clean bowl; cover and chill until cold, about 3 hours. Trans <END>
INPUT: Italian, Kosher salt pepper, virgin olive oil, butter, kalamata olives
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Halibut with Olives, Capers, Tomato and Basil | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 (8-ounce) halibut fillet; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil; 1 tablespoon butter; 1-ounce kalamata olives, pitted; 1-ounce green olives, pitted; 1/2-ounce capers; 1 Roma tomato, quartered; 1 clove garlic, finely diced; 1/4 cup dry white wine; 1/2 cup fish stock or clam juice; 4 basil leaves, chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: Season the fish fillet with salt and pepper. Heat the olive oil in a saute pan over medium-high heat. Place the fish in the pan, gently pressing on the flesh. Reduce the heat to medium and cook for 4 minutes on 1 side, turn the fish over, and cook for another 2 minutes, or just until done. Remove from the heat to a serving plate and keep warm. In a medium saute pan, heat the butter on medium heat. When hot, add the olives, capers, tomato and garlic and cook until warm. Add the dry white wine and fish stock or clam juice. Cook another 2 minutes. Place olive mixture on top of the fish and garnis <END>
INPUT: kosher salt, chile powder, dark sugar, Vegetable oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spicy Pineapple Slices | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 teaspoons kosher salt; 1 teaspoon chile powder; 3 teaspoons dark brown sugar; 6 (1-inch) slices pineapple; Vegetable oil, for coating the grill or grill pan | INSTRUCTIONS: In a small bowl mix the salt, chile powder, and brown sugar. Sprinkle over both sides of the pineapple slices. Place pineapple slices onto a preheated, oiled grill or grill pan on high heat for 1 minute on each side. Reduce heat to low and continue cooking for 2 to 3 minutes per side or until the pineapple has softened and the sugar has caramelized on the edges. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, cilantro, crusted, unsalted butter, onions, balsamic vinegar, thyme, Salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pan Seared Cilantro Crusted Cod with Horseradish Mashed Potatoes with Caramelized Onions and Sauteed | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 4 tablespoons unsalted butter; 3 large onions, finely sliced; 3 tablespoons balsamic vinegar; 1 teaspoon finely chopped fresh thyme; Salt and freshly ground pepper; 6 russet potatoes, peeled and cut into 1-inch dice; 6 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1 cup heavy cream; 3 tablespoons prepared horseradish; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 12 pattypan squash; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 3 tablespoons finely chopped fresh parsley; Salt and pepper; 2 tablespoons olive oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Mashed Potatoes: Heat butter in a large skillet over medium heat. Add the onions and cook slowly until deep golden color. Add vinegar and thyme and season with salt and pepper, cook for 2 minutes longer. Cook potatoes in a large pot of salted water until soft. Drain well, add butter, heavy cream and horseradish, mash until smooth. Season with salt and pepper. Place potatoes in a bowl and top with the onions. Squash: Heat oil in a medium saute pan. Add squash and saute until just cooked through. Add butter and cook until melted. Add parsley and season with salt and pepper to taste. Pan Seared C <END>
INPUT: American, pizza, active yeast, water, honey, olive oil, kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Neelys BBQ Pizza | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 package active dry yeast; 1 1/2 cups warm water (about 105 to 115 degrees F); 1 teaspoon honey; 3 tablespoons olive oil; 1 tablespoon kosher salt; 3 1/2 cups bread flour; All-purpose flour, for surface; 1 tablespoon olive oil, for saute; 1 medium yellow onion, sliced; 1/2 green bell pepper, chopped; 2 cloves garlic, sliced; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 tablespoon olive oil, for brushing; 1 cup Neelys BBQ Ranch Dipping sauce, recipe follows; 2 cups cooked pulled pork, beef or chicken | INSTRUCTIONS: For the dough: Place the yeast, warm water and honey in a small bowl and stir to dissolve. Add the olive oil and salt, stir to combine. Add the flour to the bowl of a standing mixer with a dough hook. Add the water, olive oil, salt and honey mixture. Mix on low for roughly three minutes, then increase to a medium speed and knead until the dough is elastic and starts to come away from the sides of the bowl, roughly 3 minutes. The dough should be smooth and firm. Ball up the dough and place in a large lightly oiled glass bowl. Flip to cover both sides of the dough with oil. Cover with a towel an <END>
INPUT: twists, egg yolks, egg, milk, puff pastry, blanched almonds
OUTPUT: TITLE: Almond Twists | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 large egg yolks; 1 large egg; 1/4 cup whole milk; Store-bought puff pastry, rolled into 1 (10 by 12-inch) rectangle, about 1/8-inch thick; 1/2 cup ground blanched almonds; Pinch salt; Pinch freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Prepare the egg wash: Combine the yolks, whole egg, and milk in a small mixing bowl and whip with a hand whisk until well combined. Preheat the oven to 400 degrees. Flour the dough and table as needed to keep the dough from sticking to the table or the rolling pin. Place the dough on your work surface with a long side facing you. Use a pastry brush to coat the surface of the rectangle with some egg wash. Liberally sprinkle the ground almonds over the rectangle, followed by the salt and pepper. Use a sharp paring knife to cut the rectangle into ten 1-inch wide strips. Next, cut each of these st <END>
INPUT: grinder, sour, pork sausages, canola oil, kosher salt, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sausage and Pepper Grinder with Sweet and Sour Mustard | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 pork sausages; 2 tablespoon canola oil; 1 (16-ounce) bag frozen pepper stir-fry mix; 1 teaspoon kosher salt; 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 1/4 cup yellow mustard; 1 tablespoon brown sugar; 1 teaspoon cider vinegar; 1 teaspoon hot sauce; 4 hot dog buns | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook sausages in a medium size skillet over medium-high heat until browned and cooked through, about 10 to 12 minutes. In a separate saute pan, heat oil over medium-high heat. Add onion and peppers stir-fry mix and salt and pepper. Cook until softened, about 4 to 5 minutes. In a small bowl whisk together mustard, brown sugar, vinegar, and hot sauce. For assembly, generously spread mustard on each side of the hot dog buns. Place a sausage in each bun and top with onion and pepper mixture. <END>
INPUT: summer, salad, shallot, Sherry wine vinegar, Dijon mustard, virgin olive oil, walnut oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Summer Bean Salad with Toasted Walnuts and Pecorino Fresco | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon minced shallot; 4 1/2 teaspoons Sherry wine vinegar; 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard; 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 1 tablespoon walnut oil; 8 ounces green beans, trimmed; 8 ounces yellow wax beans, trimmed; 8 ounces haricots verts, trimmed; 8 cups (packed) torn frisée leaves; 1/4 cup walnuts, toasted, chopped; 2 teaspoons fresh savory leaves or fresh thyme leaves; 2 ounces semi-firm sheep's-milk cheese (such as pecorino fresco), shaved with vegetable peeler; Buy pecorino fresco at cheese shops and online at murrayscheese.com. Manchego cheese is a good substitute | INSTRUCTIONS: For dressing: Whisk shallot, vinegar, and mustard in small bowl. Gradually whisk in both oils. Season dressing with salt and pepper. DO AHEAD:Can be made 1 day ahead. Cover; chill. Bring to room temperature and rewhisk before using salad. Whisk shallot, vinegar, and mustard in small bowl. Gradually whisk in both oils. Season dressing with salt and pepper. DO AHEAD:Can be made 1 day ahead. Cover; chill. Bring to room temperature and rewhisk before using salad. For salad: Cook green beans in large pot of boiling salted water just until crisp-tender, 3 to 4 minutes. Using slotted spoon, transfer  <END>
INPUT: pudding, raisins, dark rum, basmati rice, kosher salt, half half
OUTPUT: TITLE: Rum Raisin Rice Pudding | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 cup raisins; 2 tablespoons dark rum; 3/4 cup white basmati rice; 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt; 5 cups half-and-half, divided; 1/2 cup sugar; 1 extra-large egg, beaten; 1 1/2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. In a small bowl, combine the raisins and rum. Set aside. Combine the rice and salt with 1 1/2 cups water in a medium heavy-bottomed stainless steel saucepan. Bring it to a boil, stir once, and simmer, covered, on the lowest heat for 8 to 9 minutes, until most of the water is absorbed. (If your stove is very hot, pull the pan halfway off the burner.) Stir in 4 cups of half-and-half and sugar and bring to a boil. Simmer uncovered for 25 minutes, until the rice is very soft. Stir often, particularly toward the end. Slowly stir in the beaten egg and continue to cook  <END>
INPUT: ceviche, swordfish, lime juice, onion, tomatoes, orange juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Swordfish Ceviche | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 12 ounces swordfish, skin and dark meat removed; 1 cup plus 1 tablespoon freshly squeezed lime juice; 1 small red onion, diced; 2 medium tomatoes, cored, seeded and diced; 1/2 cup freshly squeezed orange juice; 1/2 cup tomato juice; 1 1/2 jalapeno chiles, stemmed, seeded and finely chopped; 2 bunch oregano, leaves only, chopped; 1/4 cup olive oil; 1/2 cup small green olives; 1 teaspoon salt; 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 3 bay leaves; 4 - 6 lettuce leaves for serving (optional) | INSTRUCTIONS: Cut swordfish into 1/2-inch squares. In non-metallic container combine the fish and 1 cup lime juice. Let marinate for 30 minutes in refrigerator. Drain and discard lime juice. Transfer the fish to a mixing bowl. In bowl combine swordfish with 1 tablespoon lime juice and the remaining ingredients. Toss well and chill for at least an hour or as long as overnight. Remove bay leaves. Serve cold in chilled glasses or on lettuce lined plates. <END>
INPUT: bread, olive oil, onions, jalapeño chilies, cornmeal, all purpose flour
OUTPUT: TITLE: Toasted Jalapeño Corn Bread | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons olive oil; 1 1/2 cups chopped onions; 1/4 cup minced seeded jalapeño chilies; 1 1/2 cups yellow cornmeal; 1 1/2 cups all purpose flour; 1 tablespoon baking powder; 2 teaspoons salt; 3/4 teaspoon baking soda; 1 1/2 cups buttermilk; 3 large eggs, separated; 1/4 cup ( 1/2 stick) unsalted butter, melted; 1 tablespoon plus 1 teaspoon sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 400°F. Generously butter 13 x 9 x 2-inch glass baking dish. Heat oil in medium skillet over medium heat. Add onions and jalapeños; sauté until onions are tender, about 5 minutes. Mix cornmeal, flour, baking powder, salt and baking soda in large bowl. Whisk buttermilk, yolks and butter in medium bowl to blend. Mix buttermilk mixture into dry ingredients just until moist and blended. Stir in onion mixture. Using electric mixer, beat egg whites in another large bowl until soft peaks form. Add sugar and beat until whites are stiff but not dry. Stir 1/3 of whites into batter to ligh <END>
INPUT: quesadillas, olive oil, onions, sugar, Salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Italian Quesadillas | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 tablespoons olive oil, plus more as needed; 2 large onions, thinly sliced; 1 teaspoon sugar; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 9 (8-inch-diameter) flour tortillas; 3 cups shredded Fontina; 3/4 cup jarred roasted red bell peppers, drained well and patted dry; 1/3 cup finely chopped fresh Italian parsley leaves, plus sprigs for garnish; 1/3 cup freshly shredded Parmesan, plus 3 tablespoons for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Heat 2 tablespoons oil in a heavy large skillet over medium-low heat. Add the onions and sugar, and cook until the onions are golden brown, about 20 minutes. Season the onions, to taste, with salt and pepper; set aside. Preheat the oven to 250 degrees F. Sprinkle some Fontina over half of a tortilla. Arrange some bell peppers and sauteed onions on top of the Fontina. Sprinkle with chopped parsley and Parmesan. Sprinkle more Fontina over. Fold the clean half over the filling to cover and press gently to seal. Repeat with remaining tortillas evenly dividing the fil <END>
INPUT: cherries, duck breasts, grapeseed oil, Salt pepper, garlic, onions
OUTPUT: TITLE: Duck Breast with Cherries and Chocolate | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 duck breasts; 2 tablespoons grapeseed oil, plus more for sauteeing; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 tablespoons chopped garlic; 1/4 cup chopped onions; 4 tablespoons brandy; 1 (14-ounce) can cherry pie filling; 1/2 cup heavy cream or vanilla yoghurt; 1/2 cup semisweet chocolate chips; 4 rosemary sprigs, leaves chopped; 1 stick unsalted butter, divided; 1 head savoy cabbage, shredded | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Score the duck breast using a crosshatch pattern and season both sides with salt and pepper, to taste. In a large oven proof skillet heat the grapeseed oil, over medium heat, until it begins to smoke, then add the seasoned duck breasts fat side down first. Cook until golden brown on both sides. Remove the duck breasts from the skillet to a baking sheet, and bake for another 10 minutes. Remove the duck to a plate and allow to rest. Remove all but 1 tablespoon of the duck fat in the same skillet, and over medium heat, add the garlic and chopped onion. Saute unt <END>
INPUT: proscuitto, good wine vinegar, Dijon mustard, egg yolk, garlic, Kosher salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Arugula With Proscuitto And Burrata | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup good white wine vinegar; 1 1/2 teaspoons Dijon mustard; 1 extra-large egg yolk, at room temperature; 1 teaspoon minced garlic; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1/2 cup good olive oil; 9 ounces baby arugula; 2 (8-ounce) balls of burrata or mozzarella; 1/4 pound thinly sliced Italian prosciutto (8 to 10 large slices) | INSTRUCTIONS: Put the vinegar, mustard, egg yolk, garlic, 1 teaspoon salt, and 1/2 teaspoon pepper in a small bowl or 2-cup glass measuring cup. Slowly whisk in the olive oil, making an emulsion. Place the arugula in a large salad bowl, pour on enough vinaigrette to moisten, and toss well. Distribute the arugula on 4 dinner plates. Place half a burrata, cut side down, in the middle of the plate and artfully arrange the prosciutto around it (I tear each slice of prosciutto in half lengthwise). Sprinkle with salt and pepper, and serve. <END>
INPUT: dipped, Four skin, buttermilk, Vegetable oil, Self rising flour, maple syrup
OUTPUT: TITLE: Hot-Dipped Chicken | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Four 8-ounce skin-on, boneless chicken breasts; 4 cups buttermilk; Vegetable oil, for frying; Self-rising flour, for dredging; 1/2 cup maple syrup; 2 tablespoons sambal; 2 tablespoons hot sauce; 1 cup white vinegar; 3/4 cup sugar; 2 English cucumbers, thinly sliced into half moons; 1 small Vidalia onion, thinly sliced; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh tarragon; 1 teaspoon salt; 4 slices garlic Texas toast | INSTRUCTIONS: For the hot-dipped chicken: In a shallow baking dish or large freezer bag, combine the chicken and buttermilk. Cover or seal and let soak in the refrigerator overnight. For the cool cucumber salad: Combine the vinegar, sugar and 1/2 cup water in a pan and bring to boil over medium-high heat. Pour over the cucumbers and onions in a heatproof container. Add the tarragon and salt, and gently toss. Refrigerate for several hours before serving. Heat some vegetable oil in a large cast-iron skillet until the oil registers 350 degrees F on a deep-frying thermometer. Remove the chicken from the butterm <END>
INPUT: spoonful, cake, semisweet chocolate, granulated sugar, firmly light sugar, sour cream
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate Spoonful Cake | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 ounces semisweet chocolate, chopped; 1 1/2 sticks (3/4 cup) unsalted butter, softened; 1 1/2 cups granulated sugar; 1/2 cup firmly packed light brown sugar; 1 3/4 cups sour cream; 1 1/2 teaspoons vanilla extract; 3 large eggs; 2 cups all-purpose flour; 1/2 cup unsweetened cocoa powder (not Dutch-process); 1 teaspoon baking soda; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 3 ounces semisweet chocolate, chopped; 2 cups sour cream; 1 cup heavy cream; 1 cup confectioners' sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: Make cake layers: Preaheat oven to 375°F. Butter and flour two 9- by 2-inch round cake pans, knocking out excess flour. In a double boiler or a metal bowl set over a pan of barely simmering water melt chocolate, stirring until smooth, and cool. In a large bowl with an electric mixer beat together butter and sugars until light and fluffy. Bet in sour cream and vanilla until combined. Add eggs, 1 at a time, beating well with after each addition. In a bowl whisk together flour, cocoa powder, baking soda, and salt and gradually add to sour cream mixture, beating until just combined. Beat in chocol <END>
INPUT: gumbo, vegetable oil, all purpose flour, onions, celery
OUTPUT: TITLE: Duck and Shrimp Gumbo | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 (5 1/2- to 6-lb) Long Island duck (also called Pekin), excess fat discarded and duck cut into 6 pieces; 1 tablespoon vegetable oil; 1/2 cup all-purpose flour; 2 medium onions, finely chopped (2 cups); 2 celery ribs, finely chopped (1 cup); 1 large red bell pepper, finely chopped (1 cup); 1 large green bell pepper, finely chopped (1 cup); 4 Turkish or 2 California bay leaves; 2 teaspoons salt; 6 cups reduced-sodium chicken broth (48 fl oz); 4 cups water; 1 lb medium shrimp in shell (31 to 35 per lb), peeled and deveined; 1 cup thinly sliced scallion greens (from 2 bunches); 1/4 teaspoon cayenne; Accompaniment: white rice | INSTRUCTIONS: Pat duck dry, then prick skin of duck all over with tip of a sharp knife. Heat oil in a wide 6-quart heavy pot over moderately high heat, then brown duck in 3 batches, skin side down, turning over once, 8 to 10 minutes per batch. Transfer duck to a bowl and pour off and discard all but 1/4 cup fat from pot. Reduce heat to moderately low, then add flour to fat in pot. Cook roux, stirring constantly with a wooden spatula or spoon, until well-browned (a shade darker than peanut butter), about 20 minutes. Add onions, celery, bell peppers, bay leaves, and salt and cook over moderately low heat, sti <END>
INPUT: cure, salt, sugar, honey, mustard powder, pork belly
OUTPUT: TITLE: Honey Mustard Cure | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup salt; 1 cup sugar; 2 ounces honey; 3 tablespoons mustard powder; 1 pound pork belly | INSTRUCTIONS: In a small bowl, combine salt and sugar. Spread honey evenly over pork belly, then coat with mustard. Spread the salt and sugar mixture generously over the mustard. Place into a re-sealable plastic bag and refrigerate for 3 days. After three days have passed, remove the pork from the brine, rinse the belly, and pat dry with paper towels. Lay on a rack over a sheet pan and place in front of a fan for 1 hour to form a pellicle. Lay the pork in the protein box of a cold smoker and smoke for 4 to 6 hours. Chill the meat in the freezer for 1 hour to stiffen for easy slicing into strips of bacon. Sl <END>
INPUT: tuscan, virgin olive oil, endive, sugar, onion, roasted peppers
OUTPUT: TITLE: Halibut with Tuscan Beans and Endive | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 2 heads endive, quartered lengthwise; 1 teaspoon sugar; 1 small red onion, thinly sliced; 1/2 cup prepared roasted peppers, drained and roughly chopped; 1 clove garlic, roughly chopped; 1 15-ounce can cannellini beans, drained and rinsed; 1 cup low-sodium chicken broth; 1 small sprig rosemary, chopped; 4 6-ounce halibut fillets, with skin; Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper; 1 handful fresh parsley, torn | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat 2 tablespoons olive oil in a medium skillet over medium heat. Add the endive quarters, sprinkle with sugar and cook, tossing a couple of times, until lightly browned, about 2 minutes. Add the red onion, peppers and garlic and cook until the endive is wilted, about 2 more minutes. Raise the heat to high, add the beans, broth and rosemary and continue cooking, mashing some of the beans with a spoon to thicken the sauce slightly, 2 to 3 minutes. Meanwhile, heat the remaining 2 tablespoons oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Season the halibut fillets with salt and pepper; place ski <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, shawarma, relish, cumin, paprika, allspice, chili powder, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken Shawarma with Tomato Cucumber Relish and Tahini Sauce | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 teaspoons ground cumin; 1 1/2 teaspoons paprika; 1/4 teaspoon ground allspice; 1/4 teaspoon chili powder; 1 clove garlic, grated; 6 pieces skinned and deboned chicken thighs, cut into 1 inch strips (about 1 1/2 pounds); 3 1/2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; Kosher salt; 2 tablespoons quality olive oil; 2 teaspoons apple cider vinegar or white balsamic vinegar; 1 teaspoon dried oregano; 2 Roma tomatoes, chopped; 1 English cucumber, chopped; 1 clove garlic, grated; 1 lemon, juiced | INSTRUCTIONS: For the shawarma: Mix the cumin, paprika, allspice, chili powder and garlic together. Place the chicken inside a resealable plastic bag with the olive oil. Add the spice mixture and rub in until fully incorporated. Seal that bag and place it into the refrigerator to marinate for at least 30 minutes. Preheat the grill to medium-high heat. After marinating, use the skewers to pierce the pieces of chicken through the center. Slide the pieces down leaving enough room for you to hold the skewer, about 3 pieces of chicken per skewer. Continue this process until chicken is all skewered. Sprinkle with <END>
INPUT: Mexican, slow, cooker, rack pork spare, Kosher salt pepper, vegetable oil, dark sugar, chipotle chile powder
OUTPUT: TITLE: Slow-Cooker Chipotle Ribs | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 3- to 4-pound rack pork spare ribs, halved; Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper; 1 tablespoon vegetable oil; 2 tablespoons packed dark brown sugar; 1 tablespoon chipotle chile powder; 1 tablespoon ground cumin; 1 tablespoon dried oregano; 3/4 cup chipotle barbecue sauce; 1/4 cup agave nectar; Fresh cilantro, lime wedges and cornbread, for serving | INSTRUCTIONS: Season the ribs all over with salt and pepper, then brush with the vegetable oil. Combine the brown sugar, chile powder, cumin and oregano in a small bowl. Sprinkle the spice mixture all over the ribs and rub into the meat. Transfer the ribs to a 6- to 8-quart slow cooker. Cover and cook on low, 7 1/2 hours. Preheat the broiler and line a baking sheet with foil. Whisk the barbecue sauce with the agave in a bowl. Transfer the ribs to the prepared baking sheet and brush both sides with half of the barbecue sauce mixture. Turn bone-side down and broil until the glaze is bubbling and browned, 3 to <END>
INPUT: bacon, onion, ketchup, spicy mustard
OUTPUT: TITLE: Beer Baked Beans | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 strips bacon; 1 medium red onion, diced; 2 (28-ounce) cans baked beans; 1/4 cup ketchup; 1/4 cup spicy brown mustard; 3 tablespoons molasses; 1 (12-ounce) bottle lager beer | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. Slice each slice of bacon into 4 pieces. Cook in a large pot over medium heat, until fat is rendered, but bacon is not yet crispy. In pan with bacon fat, cook chopped onion until soft, about 5 minutes. Add remaining ingredients, stir to combine. Bring to boil, then reduce heat and simmer for 10 minutes. Carefully transfer with a ladle to a 2-quart casserole dish. Place on foil-lined baking sheet and bake 45 minutes to 1 hour, or until beans are desired thickness. <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, hummus, crudites, garlic, sour cream, tahini
OUTPUT: TITLE: Parsley Hummus for Cauliflower Crudites | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 1 garlic clove; 1/2 cup (packed) fresh parsley leaves; 1 (15-ounce) can garbanzo beans (chickpeas), drained and rinsed; 1/4 cup sour cream; 3 tablespoons tahini (sesame seed paste)*; 2 tablespoons Asian sesame oil; 1 1/2 teaspoons grated lemon peel; 1 1/2 teaspoons ground cumin; 1 1/2 teaspoons salt; 1/4 teaspoon cayenne pepper; Mix of purple, white, and green cauliflower, cut into florets; *Tahini is available at some supermarkets, natural foods stores, and Middle Eastern markets | INSTRUCTIONS: Coarsely chop garlic and parsley leaves in processor. Add garbanzo beans to processor and blend 30 seconds. Add sour cream, tahini, Asian sesame oil, lemon peel, cumin, salt, and cayenne pepper; blend until smooth. Serve the hummus with a mix of purple, white, and green cauliflower; steam the florets in 3 separate batches until crisp-tender, about 3 minutes. Coarsely chop garlic and parsley leaves in processor. Add garbanzo beans to processor and blend 30 seconds. Add sour cream, tahini, Asian sesame oil, lemon peel, cumin, salt, and cayenne pepper; blend until smooth. Serve the hummus with a  <END>
INPUT: Kosher salt, haricots verts beans, pancetta, garlic, panko breadcrumbs
OUTPUT: TITLE: Haricots Verts with Pancetta | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Kosher salt; 1 1/4 pounds haricots verts or green beans, trimmed; 4 ounces pancetta, diced; 2 cloves garlic, thinly sliced; 1/4 cup panko breadcrumbs; Freshly ground pepper; Lemon wedges, for serving | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add the haricots verts and cook until crisp-tender, about 4 minutes. Drain, then plunge into an ice bath to stop the cooking. Drain again, then transfer to paper towels and pat dry. Cook the pancetta in a large skillet over medium heat, stirring occasionally, until crisp, about 8 minutes. Remove to paper towels using a slotted spoon. Add the garlic to the drippings in the skillet and cook, stirring, until golden, about 1 minute. Add the panko and cook, stirring, until toasted, about 1 minute. Add the haricots verts to the skillet and cook, stirring, <END>
INPUT: radishes, unsalted butter, chives, pepper taste
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sauteed Radishes with Chives | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 bunch radishes (about 6); 1 tablespoon unsalted butter; 2 tablespoons thinly sliced fresh chives; freshly ground black pepper to taste | INSTRUCTIONS: Halve radishes lengthwise and thinly slice them. In a heavy skillet heat butter over moderately high heat until foam subsides and sauté radishes, stirring, until radishes are crisp-tender, about 3 minutes. Stir in chives, pepper, and salt to taste. Halve radishes lengthwise and thinly slice them. In a heavy skillet heat butter over moderately high heat until foam subsides and sauté radishes, stirring, until radishes are crisp-tender, about 3 minutes. Stir in chives, pepper, and salt to taste. <END>
INPUT: rockin, virgin olive oil, onion, pepper, pepper flakes, Kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Rockin' Baked Beans | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Extra-virgin olive oil; 1 large onion, cut into 1/2-inch dice; 1 green pepper, stem, seeds and pith removed, cut into 1/4-inch dice; Large pinch crushed red pepper flakes; Kosher salt; 4 garlic cloves, smashed and finely chopped; 2 links Italian sausage, casing removed and crumbled; 1/2 cup tomato paste; 1 teaspoon cumin seeds, toasted and ground; 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard; 2 tablespoons apple cider vinegar; 2 tablespoons molasses; 2 (28-ounce) cans navy beans; 1 1/2 cups water, plus 1 cup; 5 slices bacon | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Coat an oven-safe pot with olive oil and put over medium-high heat. Add the onions, peppers and crushed red pepper flakes. Season with salt, to taste, and cook until the onions and peppers are soft and aromatic, about 8 to 10 minutes. Add the garlic and cook for another 2 to 3 minutes. Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Add the sausage and use a spoon to help break it apart. When the sausage is brown, add the tomato paste and cumin and cook for 4 to 5 minutes. Stir in the Dijon, apple cider vinegar, and molasses, then add in the beans and 1 1/2 cups of water. Tas <END>
INPUT: Mexican, lamb, jamaican, olive oil, onion, bell pepper, scallion, piece ginger
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Leg of Lamb Jamaican Style | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1 medium onion, finely chopped; 1 red bell pepper, cored, seeded, and finely chopped; 1 scallion, green part only, finely chopped; 1-inch piece of ginger, peeled and finely chopped; 4 cloves garlic, finely chopped; 1 jalapeño chile, stemmed, seeded, and finely chopped; 2 mangoes, peeled, pitted, and chopped; 1/4 cup fresh lime juice; 1 teaspoon salt; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1 large onion, finely chopped; 1 scallion, green part only, finely chopped; 6 cloves garlic, finely chopped; 1 jalapeño chile, stemmed, seeded, and finely chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: For the mango relish: Place a medium sauté pan over medium heat, add the oil and the onion, bell pepper, scallion, ginger, garlic, and jalapeño and cook until the vegetables begin to soften, about 4 minutes. Add the chopped mango, lime juice, and salt and stir until combined. Transfer to a bowl and let cool. Transfer to sealable container and refrigerate until you are ready to pack, up to 24 hours. Place a medium sauté pan over medium heat, add the oil and the onion, bell pepper, scallion, ginger, garlic, and jalapeño and cook until the vegetables begin to soften, about 4 minutes. Add the chop <END>
INPUT: devilled, hard boiled eggs, lump crabmeat, celery, mascarpone cheese, mayonnaise
OUTPUT: TITLE: Devilled Eggs with Crab | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 hard boiled eggs, peeled, halved, yolks removed and reserved for another use; 4 ounces lump crabmeat; 1/2 stick celery, finely chopped; 2 tablespoons mascarpone cheese, at room temperature; 1 tablespoon mayonnaise; 1 tablespoon sour cream; 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard; 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice; 3 tablespoons chopped fresh chives; Salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. In a medium mixing bowl combine the crabmeat, celery, mascarpone cheese, mayonnaise, sour cream, Dijon mustard, lemon juice, and chives. Season, to taste, with salt and pepper. Spoon the crab mixture into the egg halves. Place the filled eggs on a platter and serve. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, north, beef chuck, pork shoulder, garlic, onion, jalapeno chiles
OUTPUT: TITLE: Up North Chili | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2 pounds beef chuck, trimmed; 2 pounds pork shoulder, boned; 6 to 8 garlic cloves, minced; 1 large white onion, chopped; 2 jalapeno chiles, seeded and chopped; 4 tablespoons chili powder; 2 tablespoons ground cumin; 2 tablespoons dried oregano; 1 teaspoon salt; 2 to 4 dashes cayenne pepper; 1 1/2 to 2 (12 ounce) cans beer; 1 cup strong black coffee; 1 (28-ounce) can crushed tomatoes with puree; 3 (15-ounce) cans kidney beans, rinsed and drained; Sour cream, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large pot, heat 3 tablespoons of olive oil and brown the meat, about 3 minutes on each side. Remove the meat. Add the garlic, onion, and chiles and cook until soft. Return the meat to the pot. Add chili powder, cumin, oregano, salt, cayenne, beer, and coffee. Simmer meat, uncovered, at a low temperature for 2 1/2 to 3 hours, until the meat can be shredded with a fork. Do not let meat dry out; add beer as necessary. When ready, remove meat to a cutting board and shred, returning the shredded meat to the pot. Add tomatoes and kidney beans. Continue to simmer, uncovered, for 1 hour. Serve ga <END>
INPUT: Italian, ravioli, garlic, shallots, fat free half, yogurt cheese
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lobster Ravioli | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 (750-milliliter) bottle dry white wine; 3 cloves garlic, crushed and roughly chopped, plus 2 cloves garlic, chopped; 2 tablespoons chopped shallots; 1 cup fat-free half-and-half; 1 1/2 cups yogurt cheese, divided, recipe follows; 1 (8-ounce) lobster tail; 1/2 lemon; 2 tablespoons pine nuts, toasted; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh basil, plus additional minced fresh basil for garnish; 1 egg, beaten; 24 (4-inch square) wonton wrappers; 1/4 cup finely grated Parmesan, for garnish; 1 pint plain non-fat yogurt | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: cheesecloth Pour bottle of wine into a non-reactive saucepan. Add the 3 cloves crushed and chopped garlic and the shallots and bring to a boil. Reduce heat to a simmer and cook until liquid is reduced to 1 cup. Strain through a fine strainer into another non-reactive saucepan. Add the half-and-half and simmer until thick; do not let boil. Whisk in 1 cup of the yogurt cheese to thicken. Simmer until just heated through and then remove from heat and keep warm. Preheat the broiler. Split the lobster tail lengthwise and then sprinkle with lemon juice. Place under the broiler and <END>
INPUT: mayonnaise, quail eggs at, Serrano ham, olives, asparagus tips, Dijon mustard
OUTPUT: TITLE: Quail Eggs with Asparagus and Walnut Mayonnaise | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 9 quail eggs at room temperature*; 6 slices Serrano ham**; 2 black olives; 18 thin asparagus tips, blanched until just tender; 1/2 teaspoon Dijon mustard; 1/2 tablespoon sherry vinegar; 1 whole small egg***; 1/3 cup sunflower oil; 3 tablespoons walnut oil; Salt and pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring 2 quarts of water to a gentle boil. Carefully lower quail eggs into the water; cook for 2 1/2 minutes. Remove and shell immediately. Add mustard, sherry vinegar and whole egg to the bowl of a food processor fitted with the metal blade. Blend for 3 seconds. In a cup with a spout, mix the 2 oils. With the motor of the food processor running, add the oils in a thin stream. Mayonnaise should thicken after about 3/4 of the oil has been added. Season with salt and pepper. Let eggs come to room temperature. Place ham slices on 6 small plates and spread 1/6 of mayonnaise over each slice. Cut egg <END>
INPUT: Indian, sauce, bottled pomegranate juice, sugar, salt, cumin
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Poussins with Pomegranate Sauce and Potato Rösti | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup bottled pomegranate juice; 1 cup sugar; 8 (1-pound) poussins (small chickens) or 8 (1 1/4-pound) Cornish hens; 2 teaspoons salt; 2 teaspoons ground cumin; 1/2 teaspoon ground turmeric; 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 1/8 teaspoon crumbled saffron threads; 3/4 cup roasted walnuts; 2 tablespoons or more vegetable oil, for frying; 4 russet (baking) potatoes, peeled and coarsely grated; 1 tablespoon fresh rosemary, chopped; 1 1/4 teaspoons salt; 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 6 tablespoons olive oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Make sauce In small saucepan over moderately high heat, whisk together 1 cup water, pomegranate juice, and sugar. Bring to boil and cook, uncovered, until thick and syrupy, about 15 to 20 minutes. In small saucepan over moderately high heat, whisk together 1 cup water, pomegranate juice, and sugar. Bring to boil and cook, uncovered, until thick and syrupy, about 15 to 20 minutes. Make poussins Preheat oven to 375°F. Rinse poussins inside and out and pat dry. Cut out necks if attached and discard. In small bowl, whisk together salt, cumin, turmeric, pepper, and saffron. Sprinkle poussins with s <END>
INPUT: franks, olive oil, onion, garlic, sweet Italian sausage, cannellini
OUTPUT: TITLE: Franks and Beans | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons olive oil, divided; 1 medium onion, chopped; 6 garlic cloves, smashed; 1 1/2 pounds sweet Italian sausage links (about 6), divided; 2 15-ounce cans cannellini (white kidney) beans, rinsed; 1 cup dry white wine; 10 flat-leaf parsley stems; 10 sprigs thyme; 2 bay leaves; 2 cups low-sodium chicken broth; 1 tablespoon unsalted butter; 3 tablespoons chopped fresh herbs (such as oregano, flat-leaf parsley, and tarragon), divided; Kosher salt, freshly ground pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat 2 tablespoons oil in a large heavy pot over medium heat. Add onion and garlic; cook, stirring occasionally, until softened, 5-8 minutes. Remove and discard casings from 2 sausages; add sausages to pot. Cook, breaking up with a spoon, until sausages and onions are lightly browned, about 5 minutes. Add beans and wine to pot and cook until wine is reduced by half, 8-10 minutes. Using kitchen twine, tie parsley and thyme into a bundle; add to pot along with bay leaves and broth. Cook on medium-low heat, partially covered and stirring often, until liquid thickens, 40-50 minutes. Discard bundle <END>
INPUT: boxed, sangria, orange, lime, grapefruit, wine, grapes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Boxed White Wine Sangria | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 orange, sliced; 1 lime, sliced; 1 grapefruit, sliced; 3 cups white wine; 1 cup green grapes; 1 cup frozen cranberries; 1 cup seltzer; 3/4 cup triple sec; 2 tablespoons sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: Cut the orange, lime and grapefruit slices into quarter wheels and put in a large pitcher. Add the white wine, grapes, cranberries, seltzer, triple sec and sugar to the pitcher and stir. Let the sangria sit in the fridge for 5 hours. Serve over ice. <END>
INPUT: Italian, pizza dough bread, Olive oil, marinara, pepper flakes, oregano
OUTPUT: TITLE: Waffle Maker Pizza | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound thawed frozen pizza dough or bread dough; Olive oil spray, for spraying the waffle maker; One 14-ounce jar marinara; 1/2 teaspoon red pepper flakes; 1/2 teaspoon dried oregano; 4 cups grated mozzarella cheese; 4 slices ham, cut into slivers; 1/3 cup canned pineapple chunks, cut into smaller chunks; 1 cup grilled vegetables from the salad bar (peppers, squash, zucchini, red onions) | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: a waffle maker Preheat a waffle maker to a high heat according to the manufacturer's instructions. To make 1 pizza, stretch or roll out one-quarter of the pizza dough to a size slightly smaller than the waffle maker. Spray the waffle maker with the olive oil spray and place the dough on the surface. Close the lid and cook until the dough is nicely browned, 2 1/2 to 3 minutes, depending on your machine. Open the lid and spread a thin layer of marinara sauce across the pizza. Season with red pepper flakes and oregano. Sprinkle over a layer of mozzarella, sprinkle on some ham a <END>
INPUT: pancakes, your favorite pancake, buckwheat pancake mix, water, Granny Smith apple, Butter maple syrup
OUTPUT: TITLE: 1946 Apple Buckwheat Pancakes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups of your favorite pancake mix; 1/4 cup buckwheat pancake mix; 1 1/4 cups water; 1 Granny Smith apple, diced; Butter and maple syrup | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat pan or griddle. Stir together pancake mixes and water and let stand for 5 minutes. Ladle about 3 ounces of batter on griddle and distribute apple over exposed side. Turn when bubbles start to break, taking care not to pat the pancakes. Cook until they spring back when touched. Serve with butter and your favorite maple syrup. <END>
INPUT: tart, unsalted butter, Belgian endive, shallots, curry powder, pears
OUTPUT: TITLE: Endive, Stilton and Pear Tart | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 2 heads Belgian endive, cut crosswise into 1-inch slices; 1/2 cup chopped shallots; 1 teaspoon curry powder; 3 large pears, peeled, cored, coarsely chopped; 1 tablespoon balsamic vinegar or red wine vinegar; 1 17 1/4-ounce package frozen puff pastry sheets, thawed (2 sheets); 1 large egg, beaten to blend (glaze); 1 cup crumbled Stilton cheese; 3 tablespoons chopped fresh chives | INSTRUCTIONS: Melt butter in heavy large skillet over medium-high heat. Add endive, shallots and curry; sauté until endive is golden, about 8 minutes. Add pears and vinegar and cook until pears are tender, about 2 minutes. Transfer to bowl and cool. Preheat oven to 425°F. Place both pastry sheets on lightly floured work surface. Cut one 9-inch round from each pastry sheet. Place 1 round on heavy cookie sheet. Brush pastry with egg. Stir cheese and chives into endive mixture. Arrange endive mixture atop pastry round, leaving 1/2-inch border. Cover with remaining pastry round. Press and crimp edges to seal. B <END>
INPUT: relish, onions, sugar, balsamic vinegar, wine, wine vinegar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sweet Onion Relish | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 to 6 yellow onions (small dice); 4 tablespoons brown sugar; 3 tablespoons balsamic vinegar; 3 tablespoons red wine; 1 teaspoon red wine vinegar; Salt and pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Saute the onions in a skillet over medium-low heat until translucent and caramelized, about 10 minutes. Add the brown sugar and stir until dissolved. Deglaze the pan with both vinegars and the wine. Simmer on medium-low heat until all the liquid has been evaporated, about 15 minutes. <END>
INPUT: soup, carrots, parsnip, onion, celery
OUTPUT: TITLE: Quick Chick and Noodle Soup | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons (2 turns around the pan) extra-virgin olive oil; 2 medium carrots, peeled and chopped; 1 parsnip, peeled and chopped; 1 medium onion, chopped; 2 ribs celery, chopped; 2 bay leaves, fresh or dried; Salt and pepper; 6 cups good quality chicken stock; 1 pound (the average weight of 1 package) chicken breast tenders, diced; 1/2 pound wide egg noodles; A handful fresh parsley, chopped; A handful fresh dill, chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: Place a large pot over moderate heat and add extra-virgin olive oil. Work close to the stove and add vegetables to the pot as you chop, in the order they are listed. Add bay leaves and season vegetables with salt and pepper, to taste. Add stock to the pot and raise flame to bring liquid to a boil. Add diced chicken tenderloins, return soup to a boil, and reduce heat back to moderate. Cook chicken 2 minutes and add noodles. Cook soup an additional 6 minutes or until noodles are tender and remove soup from the heat. Stir in parsley and dill, remove bay leaves and serve. This is a thick soup. Add <END>
INPUT: Indian, sauce, chicken breast halves, vegetable oil, onion, curry paste, low salt chicken
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken with Coconut Curry Sauce | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 2 skinless boneless chicken breast halves; 2 teaspoons vegetable oil; 1 large green onion, chopped; 2 teaspoons curry paste (such as Thai Red Curry Base); 1/3 cup canned low-salt chicken broth; 1/2 cup canned unsweetened coconut milk; 1 tablespoon fresh lime juice | INSTRUCTIONS: Place chicken between sheets of waxed paper. Using mallet or rolling pin, pound chicken to even 1/2-inch thickness. Peel off paper. Season chicken with salt and pepper. Heat oil in large nonstick skillet over high heat. Add chicken; sauté until brown and almost cooked through, about 2 minutes per side. Transfer chicken to plate. Add green onion and curry paste to skillet. Stir 1 minute. Add broth; boil until reduced to glaze, about 1 minute. Add coconut milk; cook until sauce coats spoon, stirring constantly, about 1 minute. Mix in lime juice. Return chicken and any collected juices to skillet <END>
INPUT: greek, chicken, russet potatoes, garlic, low salt chicken, olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Greek Chicken and Potatoes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 3 1/2-pound chicken, quartered; 6 russet potatoes (about 3 1/4 pounds), peeled, quartered, lengthwise; 4 large garlic cloves, halved; 3/4 cup canned low-salt chicken broth; 3/4 cup olive oil; 2/3 cup fresh lemon juice; 2 teaspoons dried oregano, crumbled | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 375°F. Arrange chicken, potatoes and garlic in large roasting pan. Season with salt and pepper. Pour broth over. Whisk olive oil, lemon juice and oregano to combine. Pour evenly over chicken and potatoes. Bake until chicken is cooked through and golden brown and potatoes are tender, basting occasionally with pan juices, about 1 hour 15 minutes. Preheat oven to 375°F. Arrange chicken, potatoes and garlic in large roasting pan. Season with salt and pepper. Pour broth over. Whisk olive oil, lemon juice and oregano to combine. Pour evenly over chicken and potatoes. Bake until chick <END>
INPUT: American, dressing, low fat plain, milk, mayonnaise, lemon juice, Worcestershire sauce
OUTPUT: TITLE: Light Blue Cheese Dressing | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup low-fat plain yogurt; 1 tablespoon 2% milk; 1/4 cup mayonnaise; 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice; 1/4 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce; Pinch of cayenne pepper; 1/2 cup crumbled blue cheese; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Whisk the yogurt, milk, mayonnaise, lemon juice, Worcestershire sauce and cayenne in a bowl until smooth. Gently stir in the blue cheese. Add 1/2 teaspoon salt, and black pepper to taste. Cover and refrigerate overnight to let the flavors develop. Photograph by Andrew McCaul <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, cake, orange juice, fine salt, eggs, milk, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Olive Oil Cake | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup fresh orange juice; 1 teaspoon fine salt; 3 large eggs, room temperature; 1 1/4 cups whole milk; 2 cups sugar; 1/4 cup orange liqueur, rum, brandy or whisky; 1 1/2 cups extra-virgin olive oil, plus more for oiling pans; 1 tablespoon lemon zest; 2 teaspoons anise seed; 2 teaspoons finely chopped fresh rosemary leaves, divided; 2 cups all-purpose flour; 1/2 teaspoon baking soda; 1/2 teaspoon baking powder; 6 tablespoons lemon or orange marmalade; 2 fresh rosemary sprigs, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Oil 2 (10-inch) round cake pans. In a nonreactive saucepan, reduce the orange juice over medium heat to 1/4 cup. Add salt, stir, and let cool. Lightly beat eggs with paddle attachment in standing mixer on high for 1 minute until frothy. Add milk, sugar, liqueur, olive oil, reduced orange juice, lemon zest, anise and 1 teaspoon rosemary. Mix for 1 minute until well blended. Mix in the flour, baking soda and baking powder until well blended and smooth. Pour half of the mixture into each oiled cake pan. Bake for 1 hour. Place on a rack to cool. Run a knife around th <END>
INPUT: Asian, salad, tamarind paste, hot water, rice wine, honey, thai fish sauce
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tamarind Glazed Shrimp Salad | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons tamarind paste; 2 tablespoons hot water; 1/4 cup rice wine; 1/4 cup warm honey; 2 tablespoons thai fish sauce; 1/2 pound seedless cucumber; 1 pint cherry tomatoes; 1 cup mung bean sprouts; 2 tablespoons peanut oil; 3 to 4 whole thai chili peppers; 2 tablespoons grated ginger; 1 pound jumbo shrimp, shelled; 1/4 cup shelled, unsalted peanuts | INSTRUCTIONS: Dissolve the tamarind in the hot water in a small bowl. Add the rice wine, honey and fish sauce to the tamarind and stir well to combine. Set aside. Wash the cucumber and cherry tomatoes. Score the cucumber with a channeling knife or a fork and slice into paper thin slice using a vegetable slicer. Arrange the cucumber around the perimeter of a serving platter, overlapping decoratively as you go. Cut the tomatoes in quarters and similarly place around the platter overlapping the cucumbers where necessary. Place the mung bean sprouts, upon which the cooked shrimp will sit, in a heap in the cente <END>
INPUT: American, caesar, salad, Champagne vinegar, lemon juice, garlic, egg yolk, Dijon mustard
OUTPUT: TITLE: Blue Cheese Caesar Salad | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon Champagne vinegar; 2 tablespoons freshly squeezed lemon juice; 1 1/2 teaspoons minced garlic; 1 egg yolk*; 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard; Dash Worcestershire sauce; 6 anchovy fillets (if watching salt intake, rinse and pat dry with paper towels); Pinch freshly ground pepper; 1 cup pure olive oil; About 1/4 cup crumbled Gorgonzola or other blue cheese, plus extra for garnish; 6 tablespoons freshly grated Parmesan, plus extra for garnish; 2 heads romaine lettuce, 1 head separated into leaves, 1 head thinly sliced; 1 head iceberg lettuce, shredded; 3/4 pound cooked, shredded chicken or cooked, peeled shrimp, optional | INSTRUCTIONS: Put the vinegar, lemon juice, garlic, egg yolk, mustard, Worcestershire sauce, anchovies, and pepper in a blender and blend until well mixed. With the machine running, add the olive oil, at first by drops and then, as the mixture emulsifies, in a thin, steady stream until all the oil is incorporated. Pulse in 3/4 of the Gorgonzola and the Parmesan. Scrape into a bowl. Fold in the remaining Gorgonzola. Cover, and refrigerate until needed. You should have about 1 1/3 cups. (The dressing keeps, refrigerated, for 2 to 3 days.) Place the shredded romaine and iceberg in a large bowl and toss with th <END>
INPUT: American, garden, virgin olive oil, garlic, onion, vine ripened heirloom, chives
OUTPUT: TITLE: Baked Garden Tomatoes with Cheese | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 3 garlic cloves, chopped; 1 medium onion, chopped; 1 3/4 pounds fresh vine-ripened or heirloom tomatoes, cut into 1/2-inch pieces; 3 tablespoons chopped fresh chives; 1 cup (packed) freshly grated Parmesan cheese; 1 cup (packed) freshly grated Romano cheese; Two more ways to go: Add chopped fresh basil leaves and/or small cubes of mozzarella cheese. Or use yellow and green tomatoes with the red ones to add | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350°F. Oil 11x7-inch baking dish. Heat 2 tablespoons oil in heavy large skillet over medium heat. Add garlic and sauté until fragrant, about 30 seconds. Add onion and sauté until soft, about 6 minutes. Add tomatoes, reduce heat to medium-low, and cook until beginning to soften, about 5 minutes. Mix in chives; season with salt and pepper. Transfer tomato mixture to prepared baking dish; sprinkle grated cheeses over. Bake until cheese melts and begins to turn golden, about 20 minutes. Preheat oven to 350°F. Oil 11x7-inch baking dish. Heat 2 tablespoons oil in heavy large skillet  <END>
INPUT: American, cups, chocolate sandwich cookies, butter, good quality vanilla
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cookies and Cream Cups | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 23 to 24 chocolate sandwich cookies; 2 tablespoons melted butter; 1 pint good-quality vanilla ice cream, slightly softened | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Crush 15 of the cookies into fine crumbs. Add the melted butter, then mix to combine. Press some of the crumbs into each cup of a 12-cup muffin pan. Set aside. Break up 6 more of the cookies into chunks. Mix the softened ice cream with the broken-up cookies. Spoon some of the ice cream mixture into each cup of the muffin pan. Crush the remaining 2 to 3 cookies into crumbs and sprinkle over the cups. Freeze until firm, then remove from the muffin pan and place in resealable plastic bags or other airtight containers. <END>
INPUT: salad, orange juice, lemon juice, pineapple juice, blended olive oil, Salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chilled Lobster Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 ounce fresh squeezed orange juice; 1 ounce fresh squeezed lemon juice; 2 ounces canned pineapple juice; 2 ounces 10 percent blended olive oil, plus 2 ounces; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; Sugar; 1 medium beet; 2 ounces water; 4 ounces micro-greens; 1 1/2 pounds cooked and chilled lobster meat; 1/4 cup chopped chives; 16 orange segments | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Combine orange juice, lemon juice, and pineapple juice, in a blender. With the blender running, slowly add 2 ounces of the olive oil to emulsify. Add pepper, salt, and sugar, to taste. Set aside. Roast 1 whole beet with the skin on, until tender, about 1 hour. Remove the beet from the oven and let cool. Peel the skin off the beet and trim the ends. Cut the beet into quarters and puree in a blender with the remaining 2 ounces of olive oil and 2 ounces of water. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Put beet oil in a squirt bottle and set aside. Toss micro-gre <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, tart, beets, all butter pastry, pie weights rice, feta, heavy cream
OUTPUT: TITLE: Beet and Feta Tart | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 2 small red beets (about 1/2 pound with greens); all-butter pastry dough; pie weights or raw rice for weighting shell; 6 ounces feta; 1 cup heavy cream; 2 large eggs; Garnish: 1 large red beet for spiral shreds (see note, above) | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 450°F. Trim beets, leaving about 1 inch of stems attached (reserve greens for another use). Wrap beets tightly in foil and in a baking pan roast in middle of oven until tender, about 1 hour. While beets are roasting, on a lightly floured surface with a floured rolling pin roll out dough into a 12-inch round (about 1/8 inch thick). Fit dough into a 9-inch tart pan with a removable fluted rim. Roll rolling pin over top of shell to trim dough flush with rim. Chill shell until firm, about 30 minutes. Unwrap beets carefully. When beets are cool enough to handle, slip off skins and s <END>
INPUT: Indian, hearts, fennel bulbs, olive oil, unsalted butter, lemon juice, coriander
OUTPUT: TITLE: Hearts of Fennel with Lemon and Coriander | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 2 small fennel bulbs (sometimes called anise, available at most supermarkets), trimmed, reserving 6 of the leaves of garnish if desired; 1 tablespoon olive oil; 1 tablespoon unsalted butter; 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice; 2 tablespoons minced fresh coriander | INSTRUCTIONS: In a kettle of boiling salted water cook the fennel for 15 minutes, or until it is barely tender. Transfer the fennel to a cutting board, let it cool, and cut it lengthwise into 1/3-inch-thick slices. In a large skillet heat the oil and the butter over moderately high heat until the butter is foaming and in the fat sauté the fennel slices for 3 minutes on each side, or until they are golden. Sprinkle the fennel with the lemon juice, the coriander, and salt and pepper to taste, divide it between 2 plates, and garnish it with the reserved fennel leaves. In a kettle of boiling salted water cook t <END>
INPUT: Mexican, beans, coconut water, Salt pepper, coconut oil, lime
OUTPUT: TITLE: Coconut Lime Black Beans | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups dried black beans, rinsed; 2 cups coconut water; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 tablespoon coconut oil; 1 lime, juiced; 2 green onions, greens only, sliced | INSTRUCTIONS: Soak the beans overnight in cold water to cover. Drain the beans and transfer them to a large saucepan. Cover with 3 cups cold water, the coconut water and 2 teaspoons salt, set over medium heat and bring to a boil. Boil for 2 minutes, then turn the heat down to low, cover and cook until tender; depending upon the age of the beans, this will take between 30 and 45 minutes (older beans take longer). When tender, add the coconut oil and lime juice and season with salt and pepper. Pour into a serving dish and garnish with the green onions. <END>
INPUT: napoleons, cream, vegetable oil, unsweetened coconut, all purpose flour, sugar, unsalted butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pineapple-Coconut Napoleons with Mascarpone Cream and Pineapple Syrup | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Nonstick vegetable oil spray; 2 cups unsweetened shredded coconut (about 5 ounces); 1/4 cup all purpose flour; 1 1/4 cups sugar; 2 tablespoons plus 1 teaspoon unsalted butter, room temperature; 3/4 cup egg whites (about 6 large); 3 cups canned unsweetened pineapple juice; 1/2 cup sugar; 7 cardamom pods, cut in half; 1 teaspoon black peppercorns; 2 whole cloves; 1 cinnamon stick; 1/2 jalapeño chili with seeds; 1 large pineapple, peeled, cored, cut into 12 rounds (each about 1/3 inch thick); 12 ounces mascarpone cheese (about 1 cup plus 2 tablespoons) | INSTRUCTIONS: Make coconut tuiles: Preheat oven to 300°F. Spray large nonstick baking sheet with vegetable oil spray. Mix coconut and flour in small bowl. Using electric mixer, beat sugar and butter in large bowl until blended. Gradually add egg whites and beat until mixture thickens slightly. Stir in coconut mixture. Form 2 tuiles by spooning 1 very generous tablespoonful batter for each tuile onto prepared baking sheet, spacing 4 inches apart. Using small metal spatula or back of spoon, spread batter to thin 3- to 3 1/2-inch rounds. Bake until tuiles are golden, about 22 minutes. Working quickly and using <END>
INPUT: Irvine Spices Roasted, garlic powder, onion powder, lemon pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Smoked Glazed Spare Ribs | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 (3-pound) sides pork spare ribs; 1 tablespoon Irvine Spices Roasted Garlic Pepper Seasoning; 1 teaspoon garlic powder; 1 teaspoon onion powder; 1 teaspoon lemon pepper; 2 teaspoons salt; 1/2 cup honey; 1/2 cup brown sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: Rinse spare ribs and dry with paper towels. Prepare a rub by combining Roasted Garlic Pepper Seasoning, garlic powder, onion powder, lemon pepper, and salt in a small bowl and rubbing over entire surface of spare ribs. Follow manufacturer's instructions for the smoker. General rule of thumb is to maintain a temperature range of 255 to 300 degrees F (indirect heat), and smoke for 1 to 1 1/2 hours per pound of meat (probably about 4 1/2 hours or so for sides of pork spare ribs). Towards the end of the smoking time, combine the honey and brown sugar in a small bowl and spread on the spare ribs. S <END>
INPUT: American, warm, sandwiches, ciabatta rolls, virgin olive oil, grain mustard, Fontina cheese, mushrooms
OUTPUT: TITLE: Warm Chicken Sandwiches with Mushrooms, Spinach and Cheese | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 4 ciabatta rolls, halved horizontally; 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, divided, plus more for drizzling; Whole grain mustard; 8 ounces Fontina cheese, shredded, divided; 12 ounces sliced white mushrooms; 2 tablespoons chopped shallots; 3 garlic cloves, pressed; 2 cups shredded roast chicken; 1 5-ounce bag baby spinach | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 400°F. Pull some bread from ciabatta rolls to form slightly hollow centers. Drizzle ciabatta rolls with olive oil. Spread roll bottoms with whole grain mustard. Sprinkle roll bottoms with half of Fontina cheese. Heat 2 tablespoons oil in large skillet over medium-high heat. Add mushrooms; sauté 4 minutes. Add chopped shallots and pressed garlic; sauté 3 minutes. Add chicken; sauté 2 minutes to heat through. Transfer to plate. Add 1 tablespoon oil to skillet. Add spinach; sauté 2 minutes. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Drain. Spoon chicken mixture, then spinach over roll  <END>
INPUT: puffs, sea scallops, mayonnaise, Gruyère, Dijon style mustard, lemon juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Scallop Puffs | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 pound sea scallops; 1/4 cup mayonnaise; 1/4 cup freshly grated Gruyère; 1/2 teaspoon Dijon-style mustard; 1 teaspoon fresh lemon juice; 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh parsley leaves; 1 large egg white; 8 slices of homemade-type white bread, toasted lightly, the crusts discarded, and each slice cut into 4 squares | INSTRUCTIONS: In a saucepan combine the scallops with enough salted water to cover them completely, bring the water to a simmer, and poach the scallops for 5 minutes. Drain the scallops well and cut them into 1/2-inch pieces. In a bowl whisk together the mayonnaise, the Gruyére, the mustard, the lemon juice, the parsley, and salt and pepper to taste, add the scallops, and toss the mixture well. In a small bowl beat the egg white until it just holds stiff peaks and fold it into the scallop mixture gently but thoroughly. Top each bread square with a heaping teaspoon of the scallop mixture, arrange the puffs a <END>
INPUT: mashed, milk, butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mashed Potatoes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 pounds of peeled, quartered potatoes; 1/2 cup of milk; 4 T of butter | INSTRUCTIONS: Boil in salted water until tender. Drain your potatoes and mash or press them. Add the milk and butter, salt and pepper. Boil in salted water until tender. Drain your potatoes and mash or press them. Add the milk and butter, salt and pepper. <END>
INPUT: focaccianini, figs, balsamic vinegar, sugar, squares focaccia bread, Italian sharp cheese
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mortadella and Fig Focaccianini | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups dried figs, stems removed and halved; 3/4 cups balsamic vinegar; 1 teaspoon sugar; 4 squares focaccia bread; 8 ounces Italian sharp cheese, such as Fontinella, or asiago, sliced; 1 pound mortadella, thinly sliced; Olive oil, for brushing | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. For the fig spread: Bring the figs, 1 cup water, balsamic and sugar to a simmer in a small pot. Simmer until the figs rehydrate and the liquid reduces and thickens, about 15 minutes. Let cool. Once cool, place in a food processor and puree until smooth, 20 to 30 seconds. For the sandwich build: Preheat a griddle over medium-low heat or heat a panini press. Slice 1 focaccia square in half. Place a thin layer of the fig spread on the inside of both halves. Place a couple slices of cheese on the bottom, and then place 4 ounces mortadella on top. Close and lightly br <END>
INPUT: papillote, unsalted butter, shallots, chanterelle mushrooms, thyme leaves, Coarse salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Bay Scallops en Papillote | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 tablespoons unsalted butter; 2 shallots, thinly sliced; 1/2 pound chanterelle mushrooms, stems trimmed and sliced lengthwise 1/4-inch thick; 1/4 teaspoon chopped fresh thyme leaves; Coarse salt and freshly ground pepper; 1/2 pounds Yukon gold potatoes; 1/4 cup clarified butter; 2 large leeks, white and pale green parts only, halved and thinly sliced; 1 tablespoon orange zest, thinly sliced; 1/4 teaspoon ground coriander; 1/4 cup mirin, Japanese cooking wine; 2 pounds raw bay scallops; 4 tablespoons prepared truffle butter; Apricot Mignonette, recipe follows; 2 tablespoons shallots, finely chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: Melt 2 tablespoons of unsalted butter in a large nonstick skillet over medium heat. Add the shallots, and cook, stirring occasionally, until clear and translucent, about 2 to 3 minutes. Add the mushrooms and thyme; saute until fork tender, 5 to 7 minutes. Season, to taste, with salt and pepper. Heat the oven to 500 degrees F. Slice the potatoes very thin, preferably using a Japanese mandolin. Brush a baking sheet with clarified butter, and arrange the potato slices in a single layer. Brush the top of each potato with the remaining clarified butter. Season with salt and pepper. Bake in the heat <END>
INPUT: Mexican, summer, virgin olive oil, beef chuck, onion, poblano chile pepper, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Beef And Summer Squash Chili | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 12 ounces ground beef chuck; 1 onion, chopped; 1 poblano chile pepper, seeded and chopped; 3 cloves garlic, minced; 2 tablespoons chili powder; 1 teaspoon ground cumin Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper; 1 15-ounce can diced tomatoes with green chiles; 1 15-ounce can pinto beans (do not drain); 2 medium zucchini and/or yellow squash, cut into ½-inch pieces; 1 avocado, diced; Fresh cilantro, for topping | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat the olive oil in a large pot or Dutch oven over medium-high heat. Add the ground beef and cook, breaking up the meat, until browned, about 3 minutes. Add the onion, poblano and garlic; cook, stirring occasionally, until the vegetables are tender and lightly browned, about 5 minutes. Stir in the chili powder, cumin, 1 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of pepper. Cook, stirring, until combined, about 1 minute. Add the tomatoes and the beans and their liquid to the pot; bring to a boil, then reduce the heat to medium and simmer until the liquid is slightly reduced, about 5 minutes. Stir the squ <END>
INPUT: Mexican, chili, reduced sodium chicken, New Mexican guajillo, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken Chili | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/4 cups reduced-sodium chicken broth (10 fluid ounces); 1 (14- to 15-ounce) can stewed tomatoes; 4 dried New Mexican or guajillo chiles, stems and seeds discarded and chiles torn into pieces; 1 (3/4-inch-thick) crosswise slice of a medium white onion; 2 garlic cloves, peeled; 1/2 cup coarsely chopped fresh cilantro; 1/4 cup dry-roasted peanuts; 1 teaspoon ground cumin; 1/4 teaspoon salt, or to taste; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1 rotisserie-cooked chicken (2 pounds); 1 (15-ounce) can pink beans in sauce (preferably Goya); Garnish: chopped fresh cilantro; sour cream | INSTRUCTIONS: Purée broth, tomatoes with their juice, chiles, onion, garlic, cilantro, peanuts, cumin, and salt in a blender until smooth, about 2 minutes. Heat oil in a wide 3- to 4-quart heavy saucepan over moderately high heat until hot but not smoking, then pour in sauce and boil, uncovered, stirring occasionally, 5 minutes. Meanwhile, coarsely shred chicken, discarding skin and bones. Stir chicken and beans with their sauce into chili, then reduce heat to moderately low and simmer, covered, 10 minutes. Purée broth, tomatoes with their juice, chiles, onion, garlic, cilantro, peanuts, cumin, and salt in  <END>
INPUT: mexican, long grain rice, olive oil, vegetable chicken stock, stewed tomatoes chilies, Kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mexican Rice | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups long-grain rice; 1 tablespoon olive oil; 1 3/4 cups vegetable or chicken stock; One 10-ounce can stewed tomatoes with chilies, such as Rotel Original; Kosher salt; 1 clove garlic, minced | INSTRUCTIONS: In a saucepan over medium heat, add the rice and olive oil. Cook, coating the rice in the oil and toasting it slightly, about 3 minutes. Add the stock, tomatoes, garlic and 2 teaspoons salt and bring to a boil. Cook, uncovered, until the liquid is at the same level as the rice, about 5 minutes. Cover and reduce the heat to low, and cook until the liquid is absorbed, about 14 minutes. Stir the rice and remove from the heat. Cover and let sit until the rice is tender, about 5 minutes. <END>
INPUT: Asian, baby bok choy, Asian sesame oil, uncooked shrimp, orange tangerine concentrate, Asian sweet chili
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spicy-Sweet Tangerine Shrimp with Baby Bok Choy | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 6 baby bok choy, halved lengthwise; 2 tablespoons Asian sesame oil, divided; 1 1/2 pounds uncooked large shrimp, peeled, deveined; 1/3 cup frozen orange-tangerine concentrate, thawed; 1/3 cup Asian sweet chili sauce; 12 strips tangerine peel; 1 1/2 teaspoons distilled white vinegar; 1 teaspoon oyster sauce; 2 green onions, chopped; 1 1/2 tablespoons minced peeled fresh ginger | INSTRUCTIONS: Cover bottom of large skillet with 1/2 inch water. Add bok choy; drizzle with 1 tablespoon oil. Sprinkle with salt and pepper. Cover; cook over high heat until bok choy is tender, about 5 minutes. Arrange bok choy around edge of platter. Boil liquid in skillet until reduced to glaze, about 1 minute; pour over bok choy. Mix shrimp and next 5 ingredients in medium bowl. Heat 1 tablespoon sesame oil in same skillet over high heat. Add onions and ginger. Sauté 1 minute. Add shrimp mixture. Toss until shrimp are just opaque in center, about 3 minutes. Using slotted spoon, transfer shrimp to platter <END>
INPUT: gratin, Yukon gold potatoes, Portobello mushroom caps, hard cheese Parmesan, half half, Kosher salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Potato/Portobello Gratin | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 5 or 6 Yukon gold potatoes, peeled; 2 or 3 Portobello mushroom caps, sliced thin; 1 cup grated hard cheese such as Parmesan or Asiago; 3/4 cup half and half; Kosher salt and ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat oven to 400 degrees and butter a 9 by 13-inch baking dish and set aside. Using a mandolin, V-slicer or the slicing attachment on a food processor, slice the potatoes approximately 1/8-inch thick. (If you don't want to slice all the potatoes at once, slice them one at a time and build the gratin as you go.) Create the first layer by laying the slices in overlapping rows. Once the first layer is down, season lightly with salt and pepper, then scatter with mushroom slices and a couple tablespoons of the cheese. (Don't over-do it on these layers, if you create a barrier between the adjoining  <END>
INPUT: brownies, unsweetened chocolate, eggs, sugar, vanilla
OUTPUT: TITLE: Raspberry Brownies | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup (2 sticks) butter; 4 ounces unsweetened chocolate, chopped; 4 eggs; 1 1/2 cups sugar; 1 teaspoon vanilla; 2 tablespoons raspberry liqueur; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1 cup all-purpose flour; 1 1/2 cups shelled walnuts, coarsely chopped; 1/2 cup mini semisweet chocolate chips; 1 cup raspberry preserves; Confectioners' sugar, for dusting, optional | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Coat a 13 by 9 by 2-inch baking pan with nonstick cooking spray. Melt together butter and chocolate in bowl set over simmering water in saucepan. Stir until smooth. Set aside to cool. Beat eggs and sugar in large bowl until well combined, about 1 minute. Beat in vanilla, 1 tablespoon liqueur and the salt. Stir in flour in 3 additions. Fold in walnuts and chocolate chips. Spread half of batter over bottom of prepared pan. Mix together preserves and remaining liqueur in small bowl. Spread over batter in pan. Place in freezer for about for about 20 minutes or until  <END>
INPUT: smoothies, papaya, banana, strawberries, Pineapple wedges maraschino
OUTPUT: TITLE: Papaya Smoothies | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 small papaya, peeled, seeded and diced; 1 banana, sliced; 1/2 cup sliced strawberries; Pineapple wedges and/or maraschino cherries, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine the papaya, banana, strawberries and about 15 ice cubes in a blender and puree until smooth. Pour into 2-ounce shot glasses and garnish with pineapple and/or cherries. Photograph by Levi Brown <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, Greek olive oil, garlic, thyme leaves, racks lamb, Salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Lamb Chops with Garlic, Olive Oil, Fresh Thyme, Grilled Lemons | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup Greek olive oil, plus 2 tablespoons for lemons; 6 cloves garlic, finely chopped; 1/4 cup thyme leaves, roughly chopped; 2 racks of lamb, 8 chops each, trimmed; Salt and freshly ground pepper; 8 lemons, cut in 1/2 crosswise; Sprigs oregano and dill, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Whisk together oil, garlic and thyme in a shallow large baking dish. Add the chops and turn to coat. Cover and marinate for 1 to 1 1/2 hours in the refrigerator. Remove the chops from the refrigerator 20 minutes before grilling. Heat grill to high and grill the chops for 5 to 6 minutes per side for medium doneness. Remove and rest for 2 minutes. Slice into individual chops. Brush the cut side of the lemons with the oil and grill, cut side down on high for 1 minute. Turn lemons 45 degrees to make hatch marks and remove. Squeeze the juice of 1 lemon over the platte <END>
INPUT: salad, onion, fennel seeds, fennel bulb, watercress, wine vinegar
OUTPUT: TITLE: White Onion, Fennel, and Watercress Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 small white onion, very thinly sliced into rings; 1 tablespoon fennel seeds; 1 medium fennel bulb, thinly sliced into rings; 1 bunch watercress, thick stems removed; 2 tablespoons white wine vinegar; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 tablespoons olive oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Soak onion in a bowl of ice water 30 minutes; drain. Toast fennel seeds in a dry small skillet over medium heat, tossing often, until golden, about 4 minutes. Transfer to a cutting board and coarsely chop. Toss onion, fennel bulb, watercress, and vinegar in a large bowl. Season with salt and pepper, add oil and fennel seeds, and toss again to coat. Soak onion in a bowl of ice water 30 minutes; drain. Toast fennel seeds in a dry small skillet over medium heat, tossing often, until golden, about 4 minutes. Transfer to a cutting board and coarsely chop. Toss onion, fennel bulb, watercress, and vi <END>
INPUT: pickle, Kosher salt, shallots, cucumber, carrot, rice wine vinegar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cucumber and Carrot Pickle | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Kosher salt; 2 shallots, thinly sliced crosswise and separated into rings; 1 cucumber, thinly sliced; 1 medium carrot, thinly sliced; 1/4 cup rice wine vinegar; 2 tablespoons sugar; 1 red Thai chile, stemmed and thinly sliced | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring 3 cups water to a boil. Combine the shallots, cucumber, carrot and 1 tablespoon salt in a medium heatproof bowl. Carefully pour over the boiling water. Stir to mix evenly then let stand for 20 minutes. Drain the vegetables in a colander, pressing them to remove excess liquid, then transfer them to a bowl. Add the vinegar, sugar, chile and the remaining 1 teaspoon salt. Stir until the sugar and salt dissolve then refrigerate until ready to use, at least 10 minutes and up to 1 hour. <END>
INPUT: scones, flour, sugar, salt, baking powder, baking soda
OUTPUT: TITLE: Buttermilk Scones | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 cups flour; 1/3 cup sugar; 1 teaspoon salt; 2 1/2 teaspoons baking powder; 1/2 teaspoon baking soda; 3/4 cup (1 1/2 sticks) unsalted butter; 1 cup buttermilk; 1/2 cup currants (optional); 1 tablespoon heavy cream, for brushing | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. Combine the flour, sugar, salt, baking powder and baking soda in a large bowl. Add butter and mix with your fingertips to a coarse meal. Add buttermilk and mix just until combined. Add currants, if desired. Transfer dough to a floured board and divide into 2 parts. Roll each to 3/4 inch thick rounds. Cut each round into 8 wedges and place slightly separated on a greased baking sheet. Brush the tops with the cream, and bake for 15 minutes, or until lightly browned. Serve warm, split in half with butter and marmalade. <END>
INPUT: Indian, green, coconut oil, string beans, Kosher salt pepper, mango chutney
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mango Chutney Green Beans | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon coconut oil; 12 ounces small string beans, stems removed and beans cut in half; Kosher salt and coarsely ground black pepper; 3 tablespoons mango chutney | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Heat the coconut oil in a high-sided saute pan over medium heat. Stir in the green beans to coat. Season with salt and pepper, cover and cook until tender, 6 to 7 minutes. Add the mango chutney, stir and saute until thoroughly coated, 1 to 2 minutes more. <END>
INPUT: fennel bulbs, carrots, thyme, pecorino cheese, virgin olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Fennel and Carrots with Pecorino | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 fennel bulbs (about 3 1/2 pounds) cut horizontally into 1/3-inch-thick slices, plus 2 teaspoons chopped fronds; 2 large carrots, peeled, cut diagonally into 1/3-inch-thick slices; 2 teaspoons chopped fresh thyme; 1/2 cup grated pecorino cheese; 1/3 cup extra-virgin olive oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 375°F. Lightly oil 13x9x2-inch glass baking dish. Layer sliced fennel and carrots in dish, sprinkling layers with salt and pepper. Sprinkle with thyme, then cheese. Drizzle with oil. Bake until vegetables are tender and top is golden brown, about 1 1/4 hours. Sprinkle with fronds. Preheat oven to 375°F. Lightly oil 13x9x2-inch glass baking dish. Layer sliced fennel and carrots in dish, sprinkling layers with salt and pepper. Sprinkle with thyme, then cheese. Drizzle with oil. Bake until vegetables are tender and top is golden brown, about 1 1/4 hours. Sprinkle with fronds. <END>
INPUT: sauce, rendered duck fat, seedless grapes, sugar, fine wine balsamic, duck veal demi
OUTPUT: TITLE: Smoked Foie Gras with Grape Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon rendered duck fat; 40 seedless green grapes, peeled if you have time; 1 tablespoon sugar; 1/2 cup fine red wine or balsamic vinegar; 1/4 cup duck and veal demi-glace; 1 whole Grade A foie gras, about 1 1/2 pounds, cleaned and cut into 3/4-inch slices; Salt and pepper, to taste | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat a heavy skillet over high heat until hot. Add duck fat to pan, then add grapes and sprinkle sugar over them. Allow grapes to caramelize a little, then add vinegar and reduce by half. Add demi-glace and let reduce again, until sauce is thick enough to coat grapes. Keep warm. Sprinkle foie gras with salt and pepper. When pan is very hot and almost smoking, put in foie gras slices and cook for 30 seconds on each side. Remove form pan, place on paper towels. Serve slices of foie gras on warmed plates with grapes and sauce poured over them.; <END>
INPUT: fricassee, olive oil, onions, garlic, thyme, salted cod fish
OUTPUT: TITLE: Salt Fish Fricassee | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup olive oil, plus 1/2 cup; 2 large onions, sliced; 2 cloves garlic, sliced; 4 sprigs fresh thyme; 1 pound salted cod fish, soaked in cold water overnight, changing water about 3 times; 2 large tomatoes, chopped; Kosher salt; Freshly ground black pepper; Sliced scallion, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large skillet over high heat put 1/2 cup olive oil, add the onions garlic, and thyme. Allow the onions to cook for 6 minutes. Cut the salt fish into 1-inch pieces, and add them to the pot. Cook for 5 minutes, add the tomatoes, and the rest of the oil. Season with salt and pepper, to taste, and let simmer for 15 minutes more. Garnish with sliced scallions. <END>
INPUT: Italian, butter, olive oil, shallot, crookneck squash, mushrooms
OUTPUT: TITLE: Orzo with Yellow Squash, Mushrooms, and Pine Nuts | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons butter; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1 large shallot, chopped; 1 1/4 pounds yellow crookneck squash, cut into 1/3-inch cubes (about 4 cups); 1/2 pound mushrooms, cut into 1/3-inch cubes (about 4 cups); 1 garlic clove, minced; 2 cups orzo (rice-shaped pasta; 12 to 13 ounces); 1/2 cup freshly grated Parmesan cheese; 1/4 cup whipping cream; 4 tablespoons finely chopped fresh Italian parsley, divided; 1/3 cup pine nuts, toasted | INSTRUCTIONS: Melt butter with oil in large skillet over medium heat. Add shallot; sauté 2 minutes. Add squash. Increase heat to medium-high; sauté until softened, about 3 minutes. Add mushrooms; sauté until tender, about 6 minutes. Add garlic and stir 1 minute. Season with salt and pepper. Meanwhile, cook orzo in boiling salted water until just tender but firm to bite. Drain, reserving 1/3 cup pasta liquid. Mix orzo, cheese, cream, and 3 tablespoons parsley into vegetables in skillet. Stir over low heat until creamy, adding some reserved pasta liquid if dry, about 3 minutes. Mix in pine nuts. Season with s <END>
INPUT: Mexican, smashed, vinaigrette, cumin, virgin olive oil, wine vinegar, Kosher salt pepper, new potatoes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Smashed Potatoes with Toasted Cumin Vinaigrette | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons ground cumin; 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 3 tablespoons white wine vinegar; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 16 small new potatoes; 2 to 3 tablespoons canola oil; 1/2 cup chopped fresh parsley | INSTRUCTIONS: Put the cumin in a small skillet over low heat and toast, stirring frequently, until fragrant but not dark, 2 minutes. Remove to a bowl, add the olive oil, vinegar and salt and pepper and whisk to combine. Let sit at room temperature to allow the flavors to meld. Put the potatoes in a pot, cover with cold water, add 1 tablespoon of salt, bring to a boil and cook until a paring knife inserted meets with some resistance, about 8 minutes. Drain and transfer to a bowl. Heat a charcoal or gas grill to high. Using a potato masher, smash the potatoes, leaving them very chunky, and toss with the canol <END>
INPUT: Italian, frozen, tiramisu, sugar, water, strong, coffee liqueur, Vanilla Sponge Cake
OUTPUT: TITLE: Frozen Tiramisu Ice Cream Cake | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup sugar; 2/3 cup water; 1 1/2 cups strong, freshly brewed espresso; 1/3 cup coffee liqueur, such as Kahlua (optional); Vanilla Sponge Cake, recipe follows; 1/4 cup finely ground espresso; 2 pints espresso ice cream (recommended: Starbucks Dark Roast Espresso Swirl); 2 pints coffee ice cream (recommended: Breyers All Natural); Chocolate Curls, recipe follows; 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, for pan; 1/2 cup all-purpose flour, plus more for pan; 1/2 cup cornstarch; 4 large eggs, separated; 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract; 3/4 cup sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: Place sugar and 2/3 cup water in a small saucepan. Bring to a boil over medium heat, stirring occasionally. Remove from heat; stir in espresso and Kahlua. Let the syrup cool. Using a serrated knife, cut the vanilla sponge cake in half horizontally, making 2 layers. Place 1 layer in the bottom of a 9 by 9 by 2-inch baking pan. Using a pastry brush, brush with 3/4 cup cooled syrup. Sift 2 tablespoons ground espresso over cake. Place espresso ice cream in the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment. Beat on low speed until spreadable. Spread ice cream over cake; top with secon <END>
INPUT: sunny, bell peppers, virgin olive oil, anchovy fillets, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sunny Baked Peppers with Tomatoes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 red bell peppers; 3 yellow bell peppers; 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 24 anchovy fillets, soaked in water for 1/2 hour and rinsed (optional); 3 cloves of garlic, thinly sliced; 24 ripe red cherry tomatoes; 24 ripe yellow cherry tomatoes; 2 to 3 tablespoons drained tiny capers; 1 to 2 tablespoons fresh thyme leaves; Coarse salt and freshly ground black pepper, to taste; 1/2 cup balsamic vinegar, for serving | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. Preheat the oven to 425°F. Cut the bell peppers in half lengthwise; carefully remove the core and seeds. Oil a large baking dish and arrange the peppers cut-side up. Brush the peppers with oil. 2. Arrange 2 anchovy fillets in an "X" on the bottom of each pepper, if desired. Place 4 garlic slices in each pepper. Place 4 red cherry tomatoes in each yellow pepper half and 4 yellow cherry tomatoes in each red pepper half. Sprinkle 4 or 5 capers and some thyme in each. Drizzle each with the 1/2 teaspoon of olive oil and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Bake for 35 minutes, then cool to room temper <END>
INPUT: juice, sweet potatoes, pear, cinnamon, chia seeds
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sweet Potato-Pear-Cinnamon Juice | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 medium sweet potatoes, peeled; 1 pear, peeled and cored; 1/4 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1 tablespoon chia seeds, optional | INSTRUCTIONS: Juice the sweet potatoes, then the pear, following your juicer's specific settings for each. Stir in the cinnamon. Stir in the chia seeds if using and let soak for 5 minutes. Serve the juice immediately over ice, if desired. <END>
INPUT: Italian, gnocchi, russet potatoes, egg, salt, nutmeg, all purpose flour
OUTPUT: TITLE: Gnocchi with Spicy Tomato Sauce | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 2 1/2 pounds russet potatoes (about 4); 1 egg; 1 teaspoon salt; Pinch freshly grated nutmeg; 1 to 1 1/2 cups all-purpose flour; 1/4 cup grated Parmesan, plus more for serving; Spicy Tomato Sauce, recipe follows; Handful fresh basil leaves (about 1/4 cup), for garnish; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1 medium yellow onion, roughly chopped into even pieces; 2 cloves garlic, minced; 1 teaspoon dried oregano; 1 teaspoon red chili flakes; 2 tablespoons tomato paste; 1/2 cup red wine | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Bake potatoes in a 350 degrees F oven until tender. When cool enough to handle scoop out the insides and put through a ricer to eliminate any lumps. In a small bowl combine the egg, salt and nutmeg. On a lightly floured work surface mound the potatoes making a well in the center. Pour in the egg mixture then, using your fingers or a fork, begin to mix the eggs into the potatoes working from the outside in as to not break the "moat." When eggs are about halfway combined begin to sprinkle a bit of the flour and cheese over the potatoes, continuing to lightly knead, <END>
INPUT: Asian, dumplings, pork, scallions, garlic, jarred ginger
OUTPUT: TITLE: Steamed Pork Wonton Dumplings | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound ground pork; 1 (5-ounce) can water chestnuts, strained and finely chopped; 1/2 cup scallions, finely chopped; 1 tablespoon minced garlic; 1 tablespoon jarred minced ginger; 1 tablespoon sesame oil; 1 egg, beaten; 1 pack oriental sesame dressing mix; 2 tablespoon oyster sauce; 1 (16-ounce) pack wonton wrappers; Savoy or Napa cabbage | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: Bamboo steamer In a large bowl mix pork, water chestnuts, scallions, garlic, ginger, sesame oil, egg, sesame dressing mix, and oyster sauce. Fill center of each wonton wrapper with 1 teaspoon of meat filling. Gather wrapper up and twist to secure sides. Brush the edges of the wontons with water to help seal. Arrange cabbage leaves on the bottom of a bamboo steamer. Place dumplings about 1-inch apart and steam until the filling is cooked through, about 20 minutes. <END>
INPUT: American, rappie, onions, carrots, celery, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Rappie Pie | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 (3 pound) fryer chickens, cut into 8 pieces; 3 onions, unpeeled and chopped; 2 carrots, peeled; 2 celery stalks; 1 onion, peeled and chopped; Salt and pepper; 3 pounds potatoes, peeled; 1/2 pound salt pork, sliced into 1/4-inch slices | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F. In a roasting pan, roast chicken pieces until golden brown, approximately 1 hour. Remove chicken from the pan and set aside. Deglaze pan with approximately 1 cup of water by scraping the bottom of the pan with a wooden spoon to lift up the brown bits. Transfer liquid to a large stockpot. Once chicken has cooled, separate the meat from the skin and bone and set aside in a bowl. Add bone and skin to stockpot. Pour 2 gallons water into the pot along with unpeeled onions, carrots, and celery. Bring to a boil, reduce the heat and let simmer for 2 hours, covered. Drain <END>
INPUT: Asian, teriyaki, soy sauce, water, sweet rice wine, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Teriyaki Sauce | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup soy sauce; 1/4 cup water; 2 tablespoons sweet rice wine; 1 tablespoon, plus 2 teaspoons brown sugar; 1/4 cup sugar; 1 1/2 teaspoons minced garlic; 1 1/2 teaspoons minced ginger; 1/2 tablespoon cornstarch; 1 tablespoon water | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine ingredients in a saucepan on medium heat until the sugar is dissolved. To make glaze: Mix 1/2 tablespoon cornstarch with 1 tablespoon water. Heat sauce on medium high heat and add cornstarch water mixture. Simmer until thickened. <END>
INPUT: turnip, gratin, heavy cream, milk, garlic, Yukon Gold potatoes, rutabaga
OUTPUT: TITLE: Turnip, Potato, and Smoked Mackerel Gratin | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups heavy cream; 2/3 cups whole milk; 1 garlic clove, crushed and peeled; 1 pound Yukon Gold potatoes, peeled and sliced into 1/8-inch-thick rounds; 1 pound rutabaga, peeled and sliced into 1/8-inch-thick rounds; 1 teaspoon kosher salt; 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 1/2 freshly grated nutmeg; 4 smoked mackerel fillets, broken into pieces | INSTRUCTIONS: Arrange oven rack in middle position and preheat oven to 350°F. Butter 9-inch-diameter pie plate. In small heavy saucepan, combine cream, milk, and garlic. Bring to boil over moderately high heat, then remove from heat and set aside. Layer 1/4 of potatoes in baking dish in concentric circles, overlapping slightly. Sprinkle with 1/4 teaspoon salt, 1/8 teaspoon pepper, and 1/8 teaspoon nutmeg, then pour 1/2 cup cream mixture over. Repeat process using rutabaga instead of potatoes to make second layer. Scatter mackerel pieces over root vegetables and top with 1/2 cup cream mixture. Make another l <END>
INPUT: roast, Pekin duckling, Six by orange, onion, Kosher salt pepper, unsulfured molasses
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roast Duck | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 Pekin duckling (Long Island), about 5 pounds; Six 1 by 3-inch strips orange zest; 1 small onion, halved; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 1/2 tablespoons unsulfured molasses; 1 1/2 tablespoons honey; 1/4 teaspoon coriander seeds, lightly crushed; 8 whole black peppercorns, lightly crushed; 2 tablespoons fresh orange juice; 2 tablespoons balsamic vinegar; 2 large garlic cloves, crushed and peeled | INSTRUCTIONS: A day before roasting, remove the giblets and neck from the cavity of the bird and discard. If necessary pluck any stray pinfeathers off the duck with tweezers. Trim the neck flap and excess fat from around the cavity. Rinse and dry the bird well. Set the duck on a rack on a baking sheet, and refrigerate, uncovered, for 24 hours. Heat the oven to 300 degrees F. Pierce the duck's skin all over (including the back), every 1/2-inch, with a skewer or small knife. Season the cavity with salt and pepper and stuff with 3 strips of the orange zest and the onion. Set the duck on a rack in a roasting pa <END>
INPUT: onions, bacon, celery, salt, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Stuffed Onions | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 10 medium red and yellow onions (4 lb); 1 lb sliced bacon, cut crosswise into 1-inch-wide pieces; 3 celery ribs, cut crosswise into 1/2-inch-thick slices; 1 teaspoon salt; 1 teaspoon black pepper; 3 garlic cloves, minced; 15 oz baby spinach, trimmed and coarsely chopped (14 cups); 1 (9-inch) round loaf country-style bread (1 1/4 lb), cut into 1/2-inch cubes (10 cups), lightly toasted; 2 cups salted roasted cashews (10 oz), coarsely chopped; 1 stick (1/2 cup) unsalted butter, melted; 1 1/4 cups turkey giblet stock | INSTRUCTIONS: Make onion shells: Cut a 1/2-inch-thick slice from tops of onions, discarding tops, and trim just enough from bottoms for onions to stand upright. Scoop out all but outer 2 or 3 layers from each using a small ice cream scoop or spoon (don't worry if you make a hole in the bottom), reserving scooped-out onion and onion shells separately. Cut a 1/2-inch-thick slice from tops of onions, discarding tops, and trim just enough from bottoms for onions to stand upright. Scoop out all but outer 2 or 3 layers from each using a small ice cream scoop or spoon (don't worry if you make a hole in the bottom) <END>
INPUT: famie, rolls, tomato soup, tomatoes, cream mushroom soup, pork, beef
OUTPUT: TITLE: Anne Famie's Cabbage Rolls | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 ounces tomato soup; 1 cup canned diced tomatoes; 4 ounces cream of mushroom soup; 1 1/4 pounds ground pork; 1 1/4 pounds ground beef; 1/2 cup white onion, Sauteed; 1/2 teaspoon ground nutmeg; 1 tablespoon salt; 1/2 teaspoon ground black pepper; 12 large Savoy cabbage leaves, blanched | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F. For the sauce, in a small mixing bowl, combine the tomato soup and diced tomatoes. Set the bowl aside until needed. In a large mixing bowl, with a large spoon, combine the mushroom soup, tomato soup, pork, beef, onions, and seasonings. Once the mixture is thoroughly combined, prepare the baking dish. In a glass, 9 by 13-inch pan, pour about 2/3 of the reserved tomato sauce in the bottom the pan. Set the remaining 1/3 aside. To stuff the cabbage leaves, place about 3 ounces of the meat mixture on each leaf. Then tightly roll the mixture into the leaf. Place each r <END>
INPUT: pontchartrain, Salt pepper, oil, jumbo lump crabmeat
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pompano Pontchartrain | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 (8-ounce) pompano fillets, skin on; Salt and white pepper; 1 to 2 tablespoons oil, plus 1 to 2 tablespoons more, if needed; 1 1/2 pounds jumbo lump crabmeat, picked over; 10 ounces (2 1/2 sticks) butter, melted; 1 ounce parsley leaves, chopped; Parsley sprigs, for garnish; 3 lemons, halved | INSTRUCTIONS: Season the fish with salt and white pepper. Heat oil in a large skillet or grill pan over medium-high heat. Add fish, skin side up, and cook for about 3 minutes or until browned. (You may have to cook fish in 2 batches, add more oil as necessary.) Flip fish and cook for an additional 3 minutes or until cooked through. Keep warm. While the fish is cooking, heat the crabmeat and melted butter in another large skillet over medium heat. Season with salt and pepper. Cook just until crabmeat is hot. To serve, place a pompano fillet in the center of each plate, and top with 3 ounces of crabmeat. Garn <END>
INPUT: frosting, egg whites, sugar, salt, unsalted butter, Assorted food coloring
OUTPUT: TITLE: White Frosting | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 large egg whites; 3/4 cup sugar; Pinch of salt; 2 sticks unsalted butter, cut into pieces, softened; Assorted food coloring | INSTRUCTIONS: Whisk the egg whites, sugar and salt in a heatproof bowl set over a saucepan of simmering water (do not let the bowl touch the water) until the mixture is warm and the sugar dissolves. Remove the bowl from the pan; let cool slightly. Beat the egg white mixture in a stand mixer fitted with the whisk attachment (or with a hand mixer) on medium-high speed until stiff peaks form, 12 to 15 minutes. Beat in the butter a few pieces at a time, then continue beating until smooth. (Don't worry if the mixture looks separated at first-it will come together as you keep beating.) <END>
INPUT: raisin, spice, vegetable oil, powdered sugar, almonds, walnut
OUTPUT: TITLE: Raisin-Nut Spice Cookies | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Nonstick vegetable oil spray; 1 cup powdered sugar; 8 teaspoons (about) whole milk; 1 cup whole almonds (about 5 ounces), toasted, cooled; 1/2 cup walnut pieces (about 2 ounces), toasted, cooled; 1 3/4 cups all purpose flour; 3/4 cup (1 1/2 sticks) unsalted butter, cut into 1/2-inch pieces, room temperature; 2/3 cup sugar; 1 teaspoon finely grated lemon peel; 1 teaspoon finely grated orange peel; 1 teaspoon aniseed; 3/4 teaspoon salt; 1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1/4 teaspoon ground cloves; 1/4 teaspoon baking soda | INSTRUCTIONS: Position rack in center of oven and preheat to 350°F. Spray 2 large baking sheets with nonstick spray. Place powdered sugar in small bowl. Mix in enough milk by teaspoonfuls (about 5) to form thick, smooth glaze. Cover glaze; set aside. Combine almonds and walnuts in processor. Using on/off turns, blend until most nuts are reduced to 1/4-inch pieces (some will be very finely ground). Combine flour, butter, 2/3 cup sugar, citrus peels, aniseed, salt, spices, and baking soda in large bowl. Using electric mixer, beat at low speed until fine meal forms. Add egg yolks and beat until clumps form. Ad <END>
INPUT: American, thanksgiving, All purpose flour, pizza dough, olive oil, turkey rotisserie chicken, cranberry sauce
OUTPUT: TITLE: Thanksgiving Skillet Pizza | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: All-purpose flour (for surface); 8 ounces prepared pizza dough, room temperature; 3 tablespoons olive oil, divided; 1 1/2 cups shredded cooked turkey or rotisserie chicken; 1/4 cup cranberry sauce, plus more for serving (optional); 1 cup mashed white or sweet potatoes; Kosher salt, freshly ground black pepper; 2 cups shredded mozzarella, cheddar, and/or Fontina cheese (about 6 ounces), divided; 1 cup cooked vegetables, such as green beans, Brussels sprouts, sautéed greens, carrots, squash, or mushrooms; 1/2 cup sliced red onion; Pinch crushed red pepper flakes (optional); A 12-inch cast-iron skillet | INSTRUCTIONS: Place a rack in upper third of oven; preheat to 500°F. On a lightly floured surface, roll dough to a 12" round (if dough springs back, cover with plastic and let rest 5 minutes, then roll again, resting as needed). Heat 2 Tbsp. oil in a cast-iron skillet over medium-high until very hot. Carefully transfer dough to skillet. Brush top of dough with remaining 1 Tbsp. oil. Cook, shaking pan occasionally and turning pan to avoid hot spots, until bottom of dough is golden brown and crispy, 3–4 minutes. Meanwhile, toss turkey with 1/4 cup cranberry sauce, if using, in a medium bowl. Remove skillet fr <END>
INPUT: French, unsalted butter, shallot, porcini mushrooms, Golden Mushroom Caps, wine
OUTPUT: TITLE: Porcini Stuffed Mushrooms with Camembert | CUISINE: French | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon unsalted butter; 1 small shallot, minced; 4 ounces fresh porcini mushrooms, roughly chopped (or 1-ounce dried porcini, rehydrated, plus; Golden Mushroom Caps, recipe follows with the stems reserved, cleaned, and roughly chopped; 2 tablespoons dry white wine; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 3 ounces Camembert cheese | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat butter in a medium skillet over medium heat. Add shallot, and cook 1 to 2 minutes. Add porcini mushrooms and leftover mushroom stems from Golden Mushroom Caps, and cook 4 to 5 minutes. Add white wine, scraping up any bits that may be on the bottom of the pan, and cook until the wine has evaporated, 1 to 3 minutes. Season with salt and pepper, to taste, and remove from the heat. Set rack in the center of the oven, and set oven on broil. Use a small spoon to fill each mushroom cap with the filling. Place the caps on a baking sheet, and set aside. Slice Camembert into 24 small pieces, making <END>
INPUT: Asian, wraps, cornstarch, water, low sodium chicken, sugar, wine vinegar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spicy Chicken and Grape Lettuce Wraps | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon cornstarch; 1 tablespoon water; 3/4 cup low sodium chicken broth; 1 tablespoon sugar; 1 tablespoon red wine vinegar; 3 to 5 teaspoons Asian chili paste with garlic; 1/4 cup soy sauce; 1 tablespoon peanut or vegetable oil; 6 cloves garlic, minced; 3 tablespoons fresh ginger, minced; 1 1/2 pounds ground chicken breast; 1 1/2 cups California green seedless grapes, halved; 3/4 cup green onions, thinly sliced; 1/4 cup cilantro, coarsely chopped; 1 head iceberg lettuce, cut in half and separated into leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: In small bowl combine cornstarch and water. Add chicken broth, sugar, vinegar, chili paste and soy sauce. Set aside. Heat oil in large nonstick skillet over high heat. Add garlic and ginger; saute for 30 seconds. Add chicken and cook until no longer pink, about 5-8 minutes. Add grapes and green onions; saute for 30 seconds. Restir the sauce mixture and pour into skillet. Stir until thickened, about 1 to 2 minutes. Remove from heat. Place chicken mixture in lettuce leaves; garnish with cilantro and cucumber, then roll up. Serve immediately. Nutritional Stats: Calories 339; Protein 44g; Fat 6g;  <END>
INPUT: mojito, sugar, cinnamon, mint leaves, lime wedges, ice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Blood Orange-Cinnamon Mojito | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup raw sugar, such as Sugar in the Raw; 3 cinnamon sticks; 8 to 10 fresh mint leaves, plus 1 sprig for garnish; 3 lime wedges; 2 cups ice; 1 1/2 ounces white rum; 1 ounce blood orange juice (about 1/2 blood orange), plus one slice for garnish; About 2 ounces chilled sparkling wine, such as Prosecco or Cava | INSTRUCTIONS: For the cinnamon syrup: Combine the sugar and 1 cup water in a small saucepan. Bring to a simmer and stir until the sugar is completely dissolved. Add the cinnamon sticks and continue to simmer until the flavors are infused, 15 to 20 minutes. Cool, then strain and discard the cinnamon sticks. Refrigerate in an airtight container for up to 2 weeks. For the mojito: Add the mint, lime wedges and 1 ounce cinnamon syrup to a cocktail shaker and muddle. Fill with the ice, and add the rum and orange juice and shake briefly. Pour directly into a highball glass. Top off with the sparkling wine and stir <END>
INPUT: American, Two packages caramels, heavy cream, unsalted butter, vanilla extract, apples
OUTPUT: TITLE: Caramel Apple Dip | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: Two 11-ounce packages caramels, unwrapped; 1/2 cup heavy cream; 4 tablespoons unsalted butter; 2 teaspoons vanilla extract; 4 green apples; Crushed chocolate sandwich cookies, such as Oreos; Chocolate sauce; Chopped salted peanuts; Sea salt; Crushed cereal, such as Fruity Pebbles; Mini white chocolate chips; Broken-up candy bars; Mini candy-coated chocolates, such as M and M's; Brown sugar; Ground cinnamon | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: 32 ice-pop sticks Combine the caramels, cream, butter and vanilla in a small slow cooker. Cook on low, stirring every 20 minutes, until the mixture is melted, about 1 hour. Core the apples and slice into eighths. Skewer the ice-pop sticks into the apple slices. Dip the apple slices into the caramel sauce, letting excess drip off, then dip into the toppings of choice. For a cookies and cream flavor, Marcela coats the apples with crushed cookies and chocolate sauce. For a salted caramel apple, Katie sprinkles with chopped salted peanuts and sea salt. For a sweet take on breakf <END>
INPUT: milanese, hoagie, durum flour, bread flour, yeast, salt, Sesame seeds
OUTPUT: TITLE: Veal Breast Milanese Hoagie | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound 5 ounces/595 g durum flour; 7 1/2 ounces/213 g bread flour (recommended: Sir Galahad); 1/2 ounce/13 g yeast; 2/3 ounce/17 g salt; Sesame seeds; 1 boneless veal breast; 4 celery stalks, medium dice; 3 cloves garlic; 3 sprigs fresh rosemary; 2 bay leaves; 1 carrot, medium dice; 1 onion, medium dice; 1/2 bunch fresh thyme; Freshly ground black pepper; Canola or vegetable oil, for frying | INSTRUCTIONS: For the hoagie roll: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Combine the durum flour, bread flour, yeast and 20 ounces of water in a stand mixer. Mix on low with a dough hook for 3 minutes. Add the salt, raise to medium speed and mix for an additional 4 minutes. Cover the dough with plastic wrap and leave to ferment until it has doubled in size. Make an envelope fold, then shape the dough into 5-ounce loaves and roll in sesame seeds. Place the loaves on an oiled baking sheet lined with parchment paper and proof until the loaves have doubled in size. Make a slit down the center of each loaf and spra <END>
INPUT: Asian, silken tofu, miso, lemon juice, sherry vinegar, garlic powder
OUTPUT: TITLE: Hot Miso Crab | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup silken tofu; 3 tablespoons white miso; 1 tablespoon freshly squeezed lemon juice; 2 tablespoons sherry vinegar (or malt vinegar if that's lying around); 1/2 teaspoon garlic powder; 1 teaspoon onion powder; 1/4 teaspoon cayenne; 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 1 8-ounce can jumbo lump crab; 1/4 cup sour cream; 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh chives; Olive oil; 1 loaf miche bread or baguette, cut into 15 to 20 1/2-inch-thick slices | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. Preheat the oven to 375°F and line a baking sheet with parchment paper. 2. With an immersion blender or a food processor, puree the tofu, miso, lemon juice, vinegar, garlic powder, onion powder, cayenne, and pepper until smooth. 3. Transfer to a small bowl and fold in the crab, sour cream, and chives. 4. Pour 1/4 inch of oil into a shallow dish and soak the bread in the oil, coating both sides. 5. Evenly heap 2 to 3 tablespoons of the crab mixture onto each slice of bread and lay the slices on the prepared baking sheet. Bake for 12 to 14 minutes, until a little browned. Serve hot. 1. Prehea <END>
INPUT: spiced, salt, cinnamon, allspice, two loin pork
OUTPUT: TITLE: Broiled Spiced Pork Chops | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 teaspoon salt; 1/8 teaspoon cinnamon; 1/8 teaspoon ground allspice; a pinch of ground cloves; two 1/2-inch-thick loin pork chops | INSTRUCTIONS: In a small bowl stir together the salt, the cinnamon, the allspice, the cloves, and pepper to taste. Pat the pork chops dry with paper towels, rub the spice mixture on both sides of them, and chill the chops, covered, for 30 minutes. Broil the chops on the oiled rack of a broiler pan under a preheated broiler about 4 inches from the heat for 5 minutes on each side, or until they are cooked through. In a small bowl stir together the salt, the cinnamon, the allspice, the cloves, and pepper to taste. Pat the pork chops dry with paper towels, rub the spice mixture on both sides of them, and chill  <END>
INPUT: Mexican, rice, Kosher salt pepper, virgin olive oil, onion, pickled jalapeno peppers
OUTPUT: TITLE: Turkey Chili with Hominy | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup white rice; Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1 white or red onion, chopped; 2 tablespoons chopped pickled jalapeno peppers, plus more for topping, plus 1 to 2 teaspoons brine from the can; 3 cloves garlic, chopped; 1 pound ground turkey; 1 tablespoon chili powder; 1 teaspoon ground cumin; 4 plum tomatoes, chopped; 1 15-ounce can hominy, drained and rinsed; 1/2 cup roughly chopped fresh cilantro | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring 1 1/2 cups water to a simmer in a small saucepan. Stir in the rice and a pinch each of salt and pepper. Reduce the heat to low, cover and cook until the water is absorbed and the rice is tender, about 15 minutes; set aside. Meanwhile, heat the olive oil in a large pot over medium-high heat. Add all but 1/4 cup of the chopped onion, the jalapenos and garlic; season with salt and pepper. Cook, stirring, until the onion is tender, about 5 minutes. Add the turkey, chili powder and cumin. Cook, breaking up the meat, until browned, about 5 minutes. Stir in the tomatoes; season with salt. Conti <END>
INPUT: American, water, grits, salt, cheddar cheese
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cheese Grits | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 3 cups water; 1 2 cup white grits, not instant; 1 tablespoon salt; 1 cup shredded cheddar cheese | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat water to a boil and gradually stir in grits. Add salt and reduce heat to low. Cook stirring constantly until tender about 10 minutes. Grits should be thick and not runny. Stir in cheese and serve warm. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, growl, serrano chiles, habanero chiles, sirloin cubes, Tbs. vegetable oil, water
OUTPUT: TITLE: Red Growl | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2 serrano chiles; 2 habanero chiles; 6 lbs. sirloin cut in 1 1/2" cubes; 4 Tbs. vegetable oil; 4 cups water; 4 cups beer; 8 cloves garlic, smashed; 2 Tbs. oregano; 2 Tbs. salt; 2 Tbs. cumin; 2 Tbs red pepper; 2 Tbs chili powder; 2 Tbs. Tabasco; 3 Tbs. masa harina(optional) | INSTRUCTIONS: Slice pepper in half, place in small pan of water and simmer for 20 minutes. Drain well, finely chop peppers and set aside. In large Dutch oven brown beef in oil over medium heat. Drain and add water, beer, and peppers. Bring to boil, reduce heat and simmer for 30 minutes. Add garlic, salt, oregano, cumin, red pepper, chili powder, Tobasco, and bring to a boil. Reduce heat and simmer for 90 minutes. Chili may be eaten now or add masa harina and keep on low heat (covered) for an additional 15 minutes. Serve in hefty bowls. Garnish with sour cream and sharp cheddar cheese. The recipes for this c <END>
INPUT: cake, unsalted butter, chocolate wafer cookies, sugar, lemon sorbet, raspberry sorbet
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lemon-Raspberry Sorbet Cake | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, plus softened butter for the pan; 3/4 cup finely crushed chocolate wafer cookies (about 15 cookies); 1 tablespoon sugar; 3 pints lemon sorbet, slightly softened; 3 pints raspberry sorbet, slightly softened; 6 ounces bittersweet chocolate, finely chopped; 1/3 cup heavy cream | INSTRUCTIONS: Cut a 24-by-6-inch strip of parchment paper. Butter the side of an 8-inch springform pan, then line the side with the parchment; the paper will extend above the rim of the pan so you can build a tall cake. Mix the crushed cookies, sugar and melted butter in a bowl until combined. Press the mixture into the bottom and about 1/4 inch up the side of the prepared pan. Freeze until firm, about 15 minutes. Scoop the lemon sorbet over the crust in small batches, packing it in with an offset spatula; smooth the top. Freeze until firm, about 45 minutes. Repeat with the raspberry sorbet and freeze until <END>
INPUT: American, portobello mushrooms, olive oil, sweet Italian sausage, onion, pouch Bertolli® Premium
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sausage and Gorgonzola-Stuffed Portobello Mushrooms | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 large portobello mushrooms, stems removed; 1 Tbsp. olive oil; 8 ounces sweet Italian sausage links, removed from casing and crumbled; 1/2 cup chopped onion; 1 pouch Bertolli® Premium Champignon & Portobello Mushroom Pasta Sauce; 1 cup fresh bread, torn into small pieces; 1/3 cup crumbled Gorgonzola cheese; 2 Tbsp. toasted pine nuts; 8 cups baby spinach or arugula leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 425 degrees. Evenly drizzle both sides of mushrooms with olive oil, then season, if desired, with salt and black pepper. On cookie sheet, arrange mushrooms, gill-side-up; set aside. Brown sausage in 10-inch nonstick skillet; drain, if desired. Add onion and cook, stirring occasionally, 3 minutes or until tender; cool slightly. Combine sausage mixture, 1/2 cup Sauce, bread, 3 tablespoons cheese and pine nuts in medium bowl. Evenly spoon sausage mixture onto prepared mushrooms, then sprinkle with remaining cheese. Bake 15 minutes or until mushrooms are tender. Meanwhile, bring sp <END>
INPUT: chocolate, devils, Baking, all purpose flour, granulated sugar, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate Devils | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Baking spray, for spraying parchment; 2 cups all-purpose flour; 2 cups granulated sugar; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 2 sticks (1 cup) butter; 4 heaping tablespoons cocoa; 1/2 cup buttermilk; 1 teaspoon baking soda; 1 teaspoon vanilla; 2 eggs, beaten; 5 tablespoons all-purpose flour; 1 cup milk; 1 teaspoon vanilla; 2 sticks (1 cup) butter; 1 cup granulated sugar (not powdered sugar!) | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Special equipment: a 2 1/2-inch biscuit cutter and a frosting (piping) bag and tip For the best chocolate sheet cake: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Use an 18-by-13-inch sheet cake pan. Cut parchment paper to fit the pan and spray each side with baking spray. In a mixing bowl, combine the flour, granulated sugar and salt. In a saucepan, melt the butter. Add the cocoa to the butter and stir together. Add 1 cup boiling water to the pan and then allow the mixture to boil for 30 seconds. Pour over the flour mixture, and stir lightly to cool. Pour the buttermilk i <END>
INPUT: Mexican, mayonnaise, Juice lime, chipotle chile powder, tostadas, golden raisins
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tuna Tostadas With Chile Mayonnaise | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 cup mayonnaise; Juice of 1 lime, plus wedges for serving; 3/4 to 1/2 teaspoon chipotle chile powder; 8 tostadas (flat crisp tortillas) or taco shells; 3/4 cup golden raisins; 1/2 cup pimiento-stuffed olives, halved, plus 1 tablespoon brine from the jar; 1 clove garlic, lightly smashed; 2 bay leaves; 1 12-ounce container pico de gallo or fresh salsa (1 1/2 to 1 3/4 cups); 3 5-ounce cans solid white tuna packed in water, drained; 1 cup lightly packed fresh parsley, chopped (about 1 small bunch); 1 small head romaine lettuce, thinly sliced | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F. Whisk the mayonnaise, lime juice, chile powder and 1 tablespoon water in a small bowl; cover and refrigerate. Put the tostadas on a baking sheet and bake until crisp, 5 minutes. Heat a large skillet over medium-high heat; add the raisins and cook, shaking the pan, until plump, about 30 seconds. Add the olives, garlic and bay leaves; cook, stirring, 20 seconds. Add the pico de gallo, olive brine and 2/3 cup water. Simmer until thickened, about 8 minutes. Add the tuna to the skillet in chunks and cook, spooning the sauce on top, until heated through, about 5 mi <END>
INPUT: Mexican, tacos, olive oil, Spanish onion, Kosher salt, garlic, cilantro
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chipotle-Braised Pork Tacos | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1 Spanish onion, halved and thinly sliced; Kosher salt; 4 cloves garlic, smashed and peeled; 1/2 bunch fresh cilantro, leaves and stems separated, plus more leaves for garnish; 1 tablespoon tomato paste; 1 chipotle en adobo sauce, minced, plus 1 teaspoon adobo sauce; 1 1/2 pounds pork shoulder, sliced into thin strips; 6 ounces lager beer, such as Tecate; 1/4 cup chicken stock; Zest of 2 limes, 1/2 cup freshly squeezed juice, plus lime wedges for garnish; 6 ounces masa dough; Nonstick cooking spray; 1/2 cup shredded queso fresco, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: a tortilla press Heat the olive oil in a medium Dutch oven over medium-high heat. Add the onion, season with some salt and cook, stirring occasionally, until softened, about 5 minutes. Stir in the garlic and cilantro stems and cook, stirring once or twice, until softened, about 3 minutes. Stir in the tomato paste, chipotle and adobo sauce. Season the pork with some salt, add it to the Dutch oven and cook, stirring once or twice, until golden brown on all sides, about 5 minutes. Stir in the beer, scraping any browned bits from the bottom of the pan. Stir in the chicken stock  <END>
INPUT: beignets, caramel, water, milk, unsalted butter, sugar, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Beignets with Rosemary Caramel and Local Honey | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup water; 1/2 cup milk; 4 to 6 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1 1/4 tablespoons sugar; 1/8 teaspoon salt; 1 cup all-purpose flour, sifted; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; 5 large eggs; 1 egg white; Powdered sugar, for serving; 1/4 cup local honey, or any good quality honey; 2 (6-inch) sprigs fresh rosemary; 1/2 cup water; 3/4 cup plus 2 tablespoons white sugar; 1 tablespoon light corn syrup (recommended: Karo) | INSTRUCTIONS: Beignets: In a medium pot, add the first 5 ingredients and bring to a boil over medium heat. At this point, add in the flour and stir vigorously with a spoon. Continue to cook until the dough becomes a solid mass and begins to pull away from the sides of the pot, about 3 to 5 minutes. Switch off the heat, mix in the vanilla extract and add in the eggs, 1 at a time, incorporating each egg before adding in the next.* The resulting pastry should be flexible and soft, but firm enough to hold its shape. Set it aside covered with plastic for 5 minutes. When ready to make the pastries, fill a deep sk <END>
INPUT: bacon, onion, pepper flakes, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Collards | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 bunches (about 5 pounds) fresh collards; 6 strips of bacon, diced; 1 large onion, peeled and diced; 1 teaspoon dried red pepper flakes; 2 teaspoons salt; 1 ham bone | INSTRUCTIONS: Remove the tougher, woody stalks from the collard leaves. Smaller stems are okay. Wash the leaves and cut them into half-inch-wide strips. You can roll them into cigars to speed this up. Put the bacon in a stock pot on high head to render its grease, 3 or so minutes. Add the onion and cook until translucent but not brown, about 5 minutes more. Add the collards and cover with cool water. Add the red pepper, salt, and the ham bone. Bring to a boil and cook for at least 2 hours. There are many conflicting opinions on this. To my mind, collards were not made for quick cooking. Undercook collards a <END>
INPUT: vegetable oil, onion, garlic, chicken breast, eggs
OUTPUT: TITLE: Hen's Quick Fried Rice | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons vegetable oil; 1 medium onion, chopped; 2 cloves garlic, minced; 1 boneless chicken breast, sliced; 2 eggs, beaten; 1 cup large shrimp; 1 cup mushrooms, chopped; 1/2 cup bean sprouts; 1/2 cup chopped broccoli; 1/2 cup chopped, fresh parsley; 2 cups cooked rice; 1/4 cup soy sauce; 1/2 teaspoon dried basil; 1/2 teaspoon black pepper; 2 green onions, finely chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: In a wok or large heavy skillet, heat the oil. Quickly stir-fry the onion and garlic. Add the chicken and cook for a few minutes until just done. Push chicken to sides of wok. Scramble the eggs in the wok. Push to sides. Add shrimp, mushrooms, bean sprouts, broccoli, parsley, and rice. Mix the chicken and eggs and stir-fry 4 to 5 minutes. Add the soy sauce, basil and pepper. Stir-fry for another 2 to 3 minutes. Garnish with green onions and serve. <END>
INPUT: roast, chicken, salt, pepper, lemon, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Perfect Roast Chicken | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 3/4 pound chicken, preferably free range organic; 2 teaspoons salt; 3/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 1 lemon, cut in half; 1 head garlic, halved horizontally; 1 bay leaf | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 475 degrees. Season the inside and outside of the chicken with the salt and pepper. Put the lemon and garlic halves and bay leaf in cavity of chicken. Place chicken on a lightly oiled rack set into a small roasting pan, or on a broaster. Place in oven and roast for one hour, or until done, depending on size of chicken, until instant read thermometer inserted into thickest part of thigh reads 165 degrees, or until thigh joint juices run clear, not pink, when pierced with a knife. Remove chicken from oven and allow to rest in a warm place 10 minutes before carving or cutting into <END>
INPUT: bars, unsalted butter, sugar, smooth peanut butter, egg, vanilla
OUTPUT: TITLE: Peanut Butter Coconut Bars | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 cup unsalted butter, softened; 1 cup sugar; 1 cup smooth peanut butter; 1 large egg; 1 teaspoon vanilla; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 2 cups all-purpose flour; 2 cups sweetened flaked coconut; 1/2 cup finely chopped salted roasted peanuts | INSTRUCTIONS: In a bowl with an electric mixer cream the butter with the sugar and beat the mixture until it is light and fluffy. Add the peanut butter, beat the mixture until it is combined well, and beat in the egg, the vanilla, and the salt. Add the flour, beat the mixture until it is just combined, and stir in the coconut. Spread the mixture evenly in a buttered jelly-roll pan, 15 1/2 by 10 1/2 by 1 inches, sprinkle the peanuts over it, pressing them into the mixture lightly, and bake the mixture in the middle of a preheated 350°F. oven for 20 to 25 minutes, or until a tester comes out clean. Let the mi <END>
INPUT: rubbed, olive oil, Salt, New Mexican Spice, Bourbon Ancho Sauce
OUTPUT: TITLE: New Mexican Rubbed Pork Tenderloin with Sweet Potato Tamale and Pecan Butter | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1 (2 pound) pork tenderloin; Salt; New Mexican Spice Rub, recipe follows; Bourbon-Ancho Sauce, recipe follows; Sweet Potato Tamale with Pecan Butter, recipe follows; 2 tablespoons ancho chile powder; 2 tablespoons light brown sugar; 1 tablespoon pasilla chile powder; 2 teaspoons chile de arbol; 2 teaspoons ground cinnamon; 2 teaspoons allspice; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1 large red onion, finely chopped; 2 cups plus 2 tablespoons bourbon | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. Heat olive oil in a medium saute pan, over high heat. Season pork with salt on both sides. Dredge pork in the spice rub and tap off any excess. Sear the pork on both sides until golden brown. Cook in the oven to medium doneness, about 8 to 10 minutes. Let pork rest for 5 minutes before slicing into 12 slices. Plate 3 slices per plate. Drizzle with the Bourbon-Ancho Sauce. Place a Sweet Potato Tamale, topped with Pecan Butter next to the slices of pork. Combine all ingredients in a small bowl. Heat olive oil in a medium saucepan over medium-high heat. Add the onio <END>
INPUT: blizzard, caramel, vitamin milk, heavy cream, sugar, movie theatre flavored, vanilla bean
OUTPUT: TITLE: Popcorn Blizzard Popcorn Ice Cream with Fleur de Sel Caramel Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups vitamin D milk; 2 cups heavy cream; 2 cups sugar; Prepared movie theatre flavored buttered popcorn; 1 vanilla bean (scraped); 1/2 teaspoon butter extract; 2 beaten eggs; 8 tablespoons butter; 2 cups packed brown sugar; 1 cup half and half; Pinch fleur de sel salt; 1 tablespoon vanilla extract | INSTRUCTIONS: In a heavy cast iron pot, heat milk, cream, and 1 cup sugar in a saucepan. Cover top of cream mixture completely with prepared popcorn. When popcorn starts to melt into mixture, sprinkle some more popcorn on top. When the mixture starts to bubble, remove off of heat and set aside for 30 minutes so the popcorn infuses its flavor into the cream mixture. Strain popcorn mixture through cheesecloth or a mesh strainer and squeeze the mushy popcorn flavor back into the cream mixture. Whisk together the 1 cup sugar, vanilla bean, butter extract, and eggs in a bowl. Still whisking, pour the cream mixtu <END>
INPUT: snow, custard, shelled unsalted pistachios, sugar, milk, eggs, lemon juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Snow Eggs with Pistachio Custard and Chocolate Drizzle | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup plus 2 tablespoons shelled unsalted pistachios (not dyed red, preferably raw); 1 cup sugar; 1 quart whole milk; 4 large eggs, separated; 1 teaspoon fresh lemon juice; 3 drops almond extract; 2 oz fine-quality bittersweet chocolate (not unsweetened), finely chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: Peel and dry pistachios: Preheat oven to 350°F. Drop nuts into boiling water and cook 2 minutes. Drain in a colander and transfer to a bowl of ice and water to stop cooking. Drain in colander again. Peel off skins and pat nuts dry, then spread in 1 layer in a shallow baking pan. Bake in middle of oven until dry and lightly toasted, about 7 minutes, then cool. Coarsely chop 2 tablespoons nuts and leave remaining nuts whole. Preheat oven to 350°F. Drop nuts into boiling water and cook 2 minutes. Drain in a colander and transfer to a bowl of ice and water to stop cooking. Drain in colander again. <END>
INPUT: cheesecake, strawberry, all purpose flour, sugar, envelope yeast, lemon peel, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lemon and Rum Cheesecake with Strawberry Compote | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cups all purpose flour; 1/4 cup sugar; 1 envelope dry yeast; 1 teaspoon grated lemon peel; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 6 tablespoons (3/4 stick) chilled unsalted butter, cut into 1/2-inch cubes; 1/4 cup whole milk; 3 large egg yolks; 2 teaspoons vanilla extract; 1 1/2 8-ounce packages cream cheese, room temperature; 1 cup sugar; 1 tablespoon all purpose flour; 3 large eggs; 2/3 cup whipping cream; 2 tablespoons dark rum | INSTRUCTIONS: For crust: Butter and flour 10-inch-diameter springform pan. Combine flour, sugar, yeast, grated lemon peel, and 1/2 teaspoon salt in processor; blend 5 seconds. Add chilled butter and cut in, using on/off turns, until mixture resembles coarse meal. Add whole milk, egg yolks, and vanilla extract and blend until soft clumps form. Using floured hands, gather dough into ball. Press dough over bottom and 1 inch up sides of prepared pan. Cover pan tightly with plastic wrap. Let dough rise in warm draft-free area until slightly puffy, about 2 hours 15 minutes. Butter and flour 10-inch-diameter sprin <END>
INPUT: American, buffalo, chicken wings, butter, hot sauce, Vegetable oil, ranch style dressing
OUTPUT: TITLE: Buffalo Wings with Spicy Blue Cheese Sauce | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 24 chicken wings; 1/2 cup butter; 1 cup hot sauce; Vegetable oil, for frying; 8 ounces ranch style dressing; 1/4 cup crumbled blue cheese; 1/4 teaspoon cayenne pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Cut the tips off the wings and discard. Cut remaining chicken wings in half at the joint. Deep fry wings in about 2 inches of oil in skillet until done. Drain on paper towels. Melt butter and hot sauce together. Dip fried wings into the sauce. Serve with a spicy blue cheese dip or dressing and celery sticks.; In a small bowl mix together all ingredients. Serve with chicken wings.; <END>
INPUT: American, graham crackers, sugar granulated sugar, all purpose flour, kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Malted Walnut Pie | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 14 graham crackers (about 8 ounces); 2 tablespoons raw sugar or granulated sugar; 1 tablespoon all-purpose flour; 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt; 8 tablespoons (1 stick) unsalted butter, melted, slightly cooled; 2 cups walnuts; 4 ounces white chocolate, melted; 3 large eggs; 3/4 cup light corn syrup; 2/3 cup (packed) light brown sugar; 1/4 cup plus 2 tablespoons barley malt syrup; 1/4 cup malted milk powder; 1 tablespoon malt vinegar; 3/4 teaspoon kosher salt; 1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract | INSTRUCTIONS: For graham cracker crust: Place a rack in middle of oven and preheat to 325°F. Pulse graham crackers in a food processor until very fine crumbs form (you should have about 2 cups). Add raw sugar, flour, and salt and pulse to combine. Add butter and pulse until mixture is the consistency of wet sand. Transfer mixture to a 9" pie dish. Using a measuring cup, press firmly onto bottom and up sides of dish. Place pie dish on a rimmed baking sheet and bake crust, rotating halfway through, until dry and set, 20–25 minutes. Transfer pie dish to a wire rack and let crust cool. DO AHEAD: Crust can be ba <END>
INPUT: Italian, Kosher salt, linguine, virgin olive oil, sweet Italian sausage, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Linguine With Sausage and Mushrooms | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: Kosher salt; 12 ounces linguine; 1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil; 1/2 pound sweet Italian sausage, casings removed; 1 small onion, chopped; 1 stalk celery, thinly sliced; 1/2 pound sliced mixed mushrooms; 2 cloves garlic, chopped; 4 plum tomatoes, chopped; 1/2 cup dry white wine or low-sodium chicken broth; 2/3 cup heavy cream; 3 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley; Freshly ground pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring a pot of salted water to a boil; add the pasta and cook as the label directs. Reserve 1 cup of the cooking water, then drain the pasta. Meanwhile, heat the olive oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Add the sausage and cook, stirring, until browned, 3 minutes. Increase the heat to high; add the onion, celery and mushrooms and cook, stirring, until tender, 4 minutes. Add the garlic and cook 1 minute. Reduce the heat to medium high; add the tomatoes and wine and cook, stirring occasionally, until the liquid is reduced by half, about 5 minutes. Add the cream and cook until slightly <END>
INPUT: Asian, vegetables, turnip, bell pepper, carrot, ginger
OUTPUT: TITLE: Scallops with Vegetables, Ginger and Cream | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 4 tablespoons (about) butter; 1 turnip, cut into matchstick-size strips; 1 large red bell pepper, cut into matchstick-size strips; 1 large carrot, cut into matchstick-size strips; 1 tablespoon minced peeled fresh ginger; 1 large zucchini, cut into matchstick-size strips; 20 large sea scallops; 3/4 cup whipping cream | INSTRUCTIONS: Melt 2 tablespoons butter in heavy large skillet over medium heat. Add turnip, bell pepper, carrot and ginger. Cover and cook 3 minutes. Add zucchini and sauté uncovered until vegetables are crisp-tender, about 3 minutes. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Set aside. Melt 1 tablespoon butter in another heavy large skillet over medium-high heat. Working in batches, add scallops; sauté until cooked through, adding more butter as needed, about 2 minutes per side. Transfer scallops to plate; tent with foil. Add cream to skillet. Increase heat; boil until reduces to sauce consistency, about 3 mi <END>
INPUT: Italian, Sherry, balsamic vinegar, garlic, shallot, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Marinated Portobello Mushrooms | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1/3 cup medium-dry Sherry; 3 tablespoons balsamic vinegar; 1 tablespoon minced garlic; 1 tablespoon minced shallot; 1 tablespoon sugar; Salt, to taste; Pepper, to taste; 1/2 cup olive oil; 1/2 cup vegetable oil; 3 tablespoons finely chopped mixed fresh herbs such as basil, parsley, thyme, sage and chives; 4 large portobello mushrooms; 6 ounces mesclun; 4 ounces ricotta salata | INSTRUCTIONS: Vinaigrette: In a very small saucepan boil sherry until reduced by about half and let cool. In a bowl whisk together sherry reduction, balsamic vinegar, garlic, shallot, sugar, salt and pepper to taste. Add oils in a stream, whisking until emulsified. Whisk in herbs. Reserve 1/4 cup vinaigrette for dressing mesclun. Transfer remaining vinaigrette to a large sealable plastic bag. Discard stems from mushrooms. Add mushrooms to bag and seal, pressing out excess air. Put bag in bowl. Marinate mushrooms, chilled, turning bag once or twice at least 15 minutes and up to 2 hours. Remove mushrooms from <END>
INPUT: cauliflower, onion, garlic, wine vinegar, distilled vinegar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pickled Cauliflower and Red Onion | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 small head cauliflower, cut into bite-size florets; 1 small red onion, sliced 1/4 inch thick; 1 clove garlic, thinly sliced; 3/4 cup red wine vinegar; 3/4 cup distilled white vinegar; 2 tablespoons sugar; Kosher salt; 1 teaspoon coriander seeds; 1 wide strip lemon zest | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring a medium pot of water to a boil. Add the cauliflower and cook until crisp-tender, about 2 minutes. Drain and rinse under cold water until cool. Pack the cauliflower, onion and garlic into a 1-quart jar. Make the brine: Combine the red wine vinegar, distilled white vinegar, 3/4 cup water, the sugar, 1 1/2 teaspoons salt, the coriander seeds and lemon zest in a small saucepan and bring to a boil. Pour the hot brine into the jar and let cool completely. Cover and refrigerate overnight or up to 1 week. Photograph by Charles Masters <END>
INPUT: sugar, water, pear, passion fruit juice, orange juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Blueberries and Kiwi with Passion Fruit Butter | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup sugar, plus 1/4 cup sugar; 1/2 cup water; 1 pear; 1-cup passion fruit juice; 1/2 cup orange juice; 4 tablespoons butter, cut up; 1 pint blueberries; 2 kiwis, peeled and cut into 8 wedges; 1/2-pint strawberries, green tops removed and cut up in 1-inch pieces; 2 pears, cored and cut up in 1 inch pieces | INSTRUCTIONS: A few hours before you serve the dish, make the pear chip garnitures. In a small saucepan, over medium heat, stirring together water and 1/2 cup sugar until sugar is completely dissolved. Slice the pear very thinly with a mandolin or a knife and dip in simple syrup. Lay on a silpat and bake in a convection oven on low, 225 degrees F, until dry and crisp about 60 minutes. Keep in an airtight container. Place the passion fruit juice, orange juice, and sugar in a saucepan and simmer it to reduce by 1/2. Remove it from the heat and mount (whisk in) the cut up the cold butter a few pieces at a time <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, salad, pearl barley, walnuts, flat leafed parsley, celery, radicchio
OUTPUT: TITLE: Barley, Feta, and Pear Salad | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 1/3 cup pearl barley; 3 tablespoons walnuts; 1/2 cup packed fresh flat-leafed parsley leaves; 1 celery rib; 1/2 small head radicchio (about 1 1/2 ounces); 1/2 firm-ripe pear; 1/4 cup crumbled feta; 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 1 1/2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 375°F. In a 2-quart saucepan three fourths full with boiling water boil barley, partially covered, until tender, about 30 minutes. While barley is cooking, in a baking pan toast walnuts in middle of oven until golden, about 7 minutes. Chop parsley. Cut celery and radicchio into 1/4-inch dice. Peel and core pear and cut into 1/4-inch dice. Drain barley in a sieve and transfer to a bowl. Add feta to barley and add nuts, parsley, celery, radicchio, pear, lemon juice, oil, and salt and pepper to taste. Toss salad until combined. Preheat oven to 375°F. In a 2-quart saucepan three fo <END>
INPUT: creme fraiche, heavy cream, caviar, lemon juice, chervil dill
OUTPUT: TITLE: Raw Oysters with Smoked Salmon and Caviar Cream | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup creme fraiche; 1/4 cup heavy cream; 2 ounces caviar (beluga, osetra or sevruga); 1 tablespoon lemon juice; 1 tablespoon finely chopped chervil or dill, plus extra sprigs for garnish; About 4 ounces top-quality smoked salmon, sliced extremely thinly; 12 cold, freshly opened oysters | INSTRUCTIONS: In a bowl mix together the creme fraiche, heavy cream, 2 tablespoons of the caviar, lemon juice, and chopped chervil or dill. Refrigerate the sauce for 1 to 2 hours before using. Just before serving, cut the salmon into 12 pieces; they should be large enough to wrap the oysters into roughly square little packets. Wrap the oysters. Divide the cream sauce among the serving plates, creating a pool of sauce at the center of each plate. Divide the wrapped oysters among the plates, arranging them on the sauce pools. Garnish each packet with a generous 1/4 teaspoon of caviar and a chervil or dill spr <END>
INPUT: broccoli rabe, garlic, olive oil, chicken broth, pepper flakes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Broccoli Rabe and Cannellini Beans | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 pounds broccoli rabe; 2 garlic cloves, minced; 1/3 cup olive oil; 1/3 cup chicken broth; 1 teaspoon dried pepper flakes; Salt and pepper; 2 cups cooked cannellini beans; 1 pound orecchiette | INSTRUCTIONS: Trim and discard coarse leaves and tough stem roots from broccoli rabe. Cut off florets. Peel large stems and cut stems and leaves into 1 1/2-inch pieces. Rinse and drain. In a large skillet set over moderate heat cook the garlic in the oil until lightly golden. Add the broccoli rabe, broth, red pepper flakes and salt to taste and cook the mixture, over moderately high heat, partially covered, stirring occasionally, for 3 minutes. Add the cannellini beans and cook, stirring occasionally, until broccoli is just tender and beans heated through. In a pot of boiling salted water cook the orecchiet <END>
INPUT: piece Grade duck, Salt pepper taste, canola oil, balsamic vinegar, Special heavy skillet
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sauteed Duck Foie Gras | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 lb piece raw Grade A duck foie gras at room temperature, cleaned and deveined; Salt and pepper to taste; 2 tsp canola oil; 2 tbsp balsamic vinegar; Special equipment: a 10-inch heavy skillet | INSTRUCTIONS: After deveining, cut the foie gras crosswise into 1/2-inch-thick pieces, then season with salt and pepper. Heat 1 teaspoon of the canola oil in a 10-inch heavy skillet over moderately high heat until hot but not smoking. Sauté half the foie gras until golden, 45 to 60 seconds on each side (it will be pink inside). Quickly transfer to a paper towel to drain and discard fat in skillet. Sauté the rest of the foie gras the same way, then discard all all but 1 tablespoon of remaining fat in skillet. Add 2 tablespoons balsamic vinegar and bring to a boil. Serve foie gras with sauce. After deveining, <END>
INPUT: American, pizza, packet active yeast, sugar, all purpose flour, wheat flour, kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Potato, Goat Cheese, Caramelized Onion and Cherry Tomato Pizza | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: One .25-ounce packet active dry yeast; 2 teaspoons sugar; 1 cup all-purpose flour, plus more for flouring the work surface; 1 cup whole-wheat flour; 1 teaspoon kosher salt; 2 tablespoons olive oil, plus more for coating the bowl; 1 large onion, caramelized; 1 1/2 cups marble red potatoes, cooked and halved; 1/2 cup cherry tomatoes, sliced in half; 5 ounces goat cheese, crumbled | INSTRUCTIONS: For the dough: In a small bowl, combine the yeast with the sugar and 3/4 cup warm water. Let sit for 10 minutes until it begins to foam. In a large bowl, combine the all-purpose flour, whole-wheat flour and salt and make a well in the center. Add the yeast mixture and the olive oil. Using a fork, incorporate the wet ingredients with the dry ingredients until a dough forms. On a lightly floured surface, continue to work and then knead the dough until it is smooth and elastic, about 8 minutes. Lightly coat a clean bowl with additional olive oil and add the dough, turning once to coat the dough i <END>
INPUT: French, burgers, aioli, mayonnaise, Dijon mustard, wine vinegar, tuna, nicoise olives
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tuna Nicoise Burgers with Roasted Garlic-Tomato Aioli | CUISINE: French | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons mayonnaise; 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard; 1 teaspoon white wine vinegar; 1 pound fresh tuna, finely chopped; 1/4 cup nicoise olives, finely chopped; 1/4 cup finely chopped basil; 1 tablespoon capers, drained and chopped; 1 large shallot, finely chopped; Salt and freshly ground pepper; 2 plum tomatoes, grilled, seeds removed and halved; 1 tablespoon lemon juice; 3 cloves garlic; 2 cups prepared mayonnaise; Salt and freshly ground pepper; 1 baguette, cut into fourths | INSTRUCTIONS: Mix together the mayonnaise, Dijon and vinegar. Place tuna in a large bowl. Fold in the mayonnaise mixture, olives, basil, capers and shallots and season with salt and pepper to taste. Chill the mixture well. Divide the mixture into fourths and mold into burgers. Chill again for 30 minutes. Grill for 2 to 3 minutes on each side. Place tomatoes, lemon juice and garlic in the blender and blend until smooth. Add the mayonnaise and blend until just combined. Season with salt and pepper to taste. <END>
INPUT: ragout, cheesy, olive oil, onion, garlic, thyme, parsnip
OUTPUT: TITLE: Wild Mushroom and Parsnip Ragout With Cheesy Polenta | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons olive oil, divided; 1 small onion, coarsely chopped (about 3/4 cup); 1 garlic clove, finely chopped; 1 thyme sprig; 1 medium parsnip (about 7 ounces), peeled, finely chopped; 12 ounces mixed wild mushrooms, such as maitake, shiitake, porcini, and/or crimini, cut into 1/2" pieces; 1 tablespoon miso paste; 1 tablespoon tomato paste; 1/2 teaspoon cornstarch; 1 3/4 teaspoons kosher salt, divided, plus more; 1/4 cup red wine; 1 cup quick-cooking polenta; 5 cups (or more) whole milk; 1/2 cup grated Parmesan, divided; 1/4 cup roasted, unsalted hazelnuts, chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat 1 Tbsp. oil in a large deep skillet or Dutch oven over medium. Add onion, garlic, and thyme and cook, stirring occasionally, until onion starts to release moisture and turns translucent, 2–3 minutes. Add parsnip and cook until parsnip begins to soften, 3–5 minutes more. Add mushrooms and remaining 1 Tbsp. oil and cook until mushrooms are well-browned and cooked through, 5–7 minutes more. Add miso, tomato paste, and 3/4 tsp. salt to pan and cook, stirring, until tomato paste begins to caramelize, about 1 minute. Add cornstarch and stir to coat, about 30 seconds. Add wine and cook, scraping <END>
INPUT: cassoulet, olive oil, eggplant, mushrooms, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mushroom Cassoulet | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 tablespoons olive oil; 1 medium eggplant, 1-inch diced; 1 pound mushrooms, shiitakes, creminis, chanterelles or a combination, sliced; 1 (16-ounce) can cannelini beans, drained, rinsed; 4 large garlic cloves, crushed; 2 sprigs rosemary, leaves removed, chopped; 3 sprigs thyme, leaves removed, chopped; 1 1/2 pounds plum tomatoes, peeled, seeded, chopped coarsely; 4 ounces white wine; 3/4 cup fresh bread crumbs; 3 tablespoons melted butter | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F. In a large saute pan over medium high heat, heat 2 tablespoons of olive oil, add eggplant and cook, stirring until golden. Remove to drain on paper towels. Add remaining olive oil and mushrooms to pan and saute until they start to brown. Season with salt and pepper. Remove from heat. In a shallow gratin dish combine cannelini beans, cooked eggplant and mushrooms, garlic, rosemary and thyme. Arrange tomatoes on top, pour the wine over it. Bake for 30 minutes. Stir the mixture. Mix bread crumbs with melted butter and sprinkle them on top. Return to oven for 25 to 3 <END>
INPUT: Italian, risotto, porcini mushrooms, boiling water, cremini mushrooms, low salt chicken
OUTPUT: TITLE: Red Wine and Mushroom Risotto | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 ounce dried porcini mushrooms*; 2 cups boiling water; 1 1/2 pounds fresh cremini or white mushrooms; 3/4 stick (6 tablespoons) unsalted butter; 5 to 6 cups low-salt chicken broth; 6 ounces 1/4-inch-thick slices pancetta (Italian unsmoked cured bacon)**, chopped; 1 cup finely chopped onion; 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh rosemary leaves or 1 teaspoon dried rosemary, crumbled; 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh sage leaves or 1 teaspoon dried sage, crumbled; 3 cups Arborio rice**; 2 cups dry red wine such as Rosso di Montalcino; 3 tablespoons finely chopped fresh parsley leaves; 1 cup freshly grated Parmesan; Garnishes: curls shaved with a vegetable peeler from a 1/4-pound piece of Parmesan, fresh rosemary sprigs; *available at specialty foods shops and some supermarkets | INSTRUCTIONS: In a small bowl soak porcini in boiling water 30 minutes. Pour soaking liquid through a fine sieve lined with a dampened paper towel or coffee filter into a bowl and reserve. Wash porcini under cold water to remove any grit and pat dry. Chop porcini fine. Chop fine 1/4 pound cremini or white mushrooms (about 1 1/2 cups) and reserve. Depending on size, halve and/or quarter remaining 1 1/4 pounds cremini or white mushrooms and in a large heavy skillet cook in 4 tablespoons butter with salt and pepper to taste over moderate heat, stirring, until tender, 5 to 10 minutes. Remove skillet from heat a <END>
INPUT: salad, coconut flakes, condensed milk, heavy cream, Juice lime, Kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Coconut-Watermelon Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/3 cup sweetened coconut flakes; 3 tablespoons sweetened condensed milk; 2 tablespoons heavy cream; Juice of 1/2 lime; Kosher salt; 5 cups chopped seedless watermelon; Pinch of ground cinnamon | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Spread the coconut on a baking sheet and bake, stirring occasionally, until golden brown, 5 to 8 minutes. Transfer to a bowl and let cool. Combine the condensed milk, heavy cream, lime juice and a pinch of salt in a small bowl. Put the watermelon in a large bowl and drizzle with the condensed milk mixture. Sprinkle with the toasted coconut and the cinnamon. Photograph by Kana Okada <END>
INPUT: whole, fine salt, molasses, granulated sugar, Worcestershire sauce, smashed garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Smoked Whole Turkey | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup fine salt; 1/4 cup molasses; 1/4 cup granulated sugar; 1/4 cup Worcestershire sauce; 5 cloves smashed garlic; 2 dried bay leaves; Freshly cracked black pepper; One 12-pound turkey; 2 cups bourbon; Canola oil, for coating; Kosher salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Special equipment: 7 cups cherry wood chips, plus more if needed Add 2 gallons water, the fine salt, molasses, sugar, Worcestershire, garlic, bay leaves and 1 tablespoon pepper to a large pot, and bring to a boil over high heat. Stir to dissolve the salt and sugar, and then remove from the heat. Cool the brine completely. Pour the brine into a large bucket and add the turkey, making sure it is completely submerged. Brine for 12 to 24 hours in the refrigerator. Pour the bourbon and 4 cups water over the wood chips and soak overnight. The next day, remove the turke <END>
INPUT: thumbprint, cookies, Crisco® Original No, firmly light sugar, Crisco® Baking Butter, tsps. vanilla extract, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Caramel Apricot Thumbprint Cookies | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Crisco® Original No-Stick Cooking Spray; 1/2 cup firmly packed light brown sugar; 1 Crisco® Baking Sticks Butter Flavor All-Vegetable Shortening, cut into slices; 1 1/2 tsps. vanilla extract; 1/4 tsp. salt; 2 cups Pillsbury BEST® All Purpose Flour; 2 cups finely chopped pecans; 1/2 cup Smucker's® Caramel Flavored Topping; or 1 cup Crisco® Butter Flavor All-Vegetable Shortening; 3 large eggs, separated; 2 tbsps. water; 1/2 cup Smucker's® Orchard's Finest® Coastal Valley Peach Apricot Preserves | INSTRUCTIONS: HEAT oven to 350 degrees F. Adjust rack to middle position. Coat two cookie sheets lightly with no-stick cooking spray. BEAT brown sugar and shortening in medium bowl with an electric mixer at medium speed for 2 minutes or until fluffy. Scrape down sides of bowl. Add egg yolks, water, vanilla and salt. Beat until well combined. Add flour on low speed until well blended. BEAT egg whites in a shallow bowl until foamy. Place pecans in a separate shallow bowl. Measure about two teaspoons dough for each cookie. Form into balls by rolling between your palms. Dip each dough ball into egg whites, then <END>
INPUT: American, lovers, pizzas, portobello mushroom caps, button mushrooms, shiitake mushrooms, virgin olive oil, butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mushroom Lovers' French Bread Pizzas | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 8 large portobello mushroom caps; 1 pound button mushrooms; 1/2 pound shiitake mushrooms; 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, 3 turns of the pan; 2 tablespoons butter, cut into pieces; 1 bay leaf; 4 large cloves garlic, finely chopped; Salt and pepper; 1/2 cup dry white wine, eyeball it; 2 teaspoons Worcestershire sauce, eyeball it; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh thyme leaves, 4 sprigs stripped and chopped; 1 loaf crusty French bread, 24 inches; 3 cups shredded Gruyere or Swiss cheese | INSTRUCTIONS: Wipe mushrooms clean with a damp towel. Slice the mushrooms. Heat a deep skillet with extra-virgin olive oil and butter over medium heat. When butter melts into oil, add bay, garlic and mushrooms. Cook until mushrooms are dark and tender, 12 to 15 minutes. Season the mushrooms with salt and pepper and add wine. Deglaze the pan with wine, eyeball the amount. Shake the pan and add the Worcestershire and thyme. Turn off heat. Preheat broiler and split the loaf lengthwise and across. Hollow out a bit of the soft insides. Toast the bread lightly under broiler. Fill bread with mushrooms evenly then  <END>
INPUT: Mexican, Peanut butter, Slice toast, scallion, cilantro leaves, Sriracha
OUTPUT: TITLE: Peanut Butter–Sriracha Toast | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: Peanut butter; Slice of toast; Sliced scallion; Fresh cilantro leaves; Sriracha; Fresh lime juice; Flaky sea salt (such as Maldon) | INSTRUCTIONS: Spread peanut butter on a slice of toast. Top with sliced scallion, fresh cilantro leaves, and Sriracha. Finish with lime juice and flaky sea salt. Spread peanut butter on a slice of toast. Top with sliced scallion, fresh cilantro leaves, and Sriracha. Finish with lime juice and flaky sea salt. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, chicken breast halves, tequila, cilantro leaves, chicken seasoning
OUTPUT: TITLE: Margarita Chicken | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 4 bone-in chicken breast halves; 1 can (10 ounces) frozen margarita mix (recommended: Bacardi), thawed; 2/3 cup tequila; 1/2 cup fresh cilantro leaves, chopped; 2 tablespoons chicken seasoning (recommended: McCormick's Grill Mates) | INSTRUCTIONS: Rinse the chicken breasts and pat dry; set aside. In a small bowl, combine the remaining ingredients. Place the chicken and marinade in large resealable plastic bag. Squeeze out the air and seal. Let marinate in the refrigerator for 1 to 2 hours. Set up the grill for direct cooking over medium heat and oil grate when ready to start cooking. Remove the chicken from the refrigerator and let sit at room temperature for 30 minutes. Place chicken on hot oiled grill and cook 5 to 6 minutes per side, or until done. INDOOR: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Prepare chicken breasts as directed. Roast chic <END>
INPUT: Asian, dressing, plum tomato, oil sun tomatoes, ginger, garlic, balsamic vinegar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mixed Greens with Tomato-Ginger Dressing | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1 large plum tomato, seeds squeezed out, roughly chopped; 1/4 cup chopped oil-packed sun-dried tomatoes; 1 tablespoon minced fresh ginger; 2 garlic cloves, peeled; 1 to 2 tablespoons balsamic vinegar; 1/2 cup water; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 1/4 teaspoon ground black pepper; 6 cups washed mixed greens (any combination of romaine, red leaf, Bibb, Boston lettuce, mustard greens, spinach) | INSTRUCTIONS: In a blender, combine tomato, sun-dried tomatoes, ginger, garlic, and vinegar. Process until finely chopped. Add water, salt, and pepper and puree until smooth. Divide greens evenly among 4 salad plates and spoon dressing over top. <END>
INPUT: frittata, eggs, salt, pepper, olive oil, hash potatoes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Potato and Boursin Frittata | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 8 large eggs; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 1/2 teaspoon black pepper; 1/4 cup olive oil; 2 cups frozen shredded hash brown potatoes (from a 16-oz bag); 1 bunch scallions, chopped (2 cups); 1 (5-oz) package Boursin garlic-herb cheese, chilled; Accompaniment: sliced smoked salmon or prosciutto | INSTRUCTIONS: Put oven rack in middle position and preheat oven to 375°F. Whisk together eggs, salt, and pepper until just combined. Heat oil in an ovenproof 9- to 10-inch heavy nonstick skillet over high heat until very hot but not smoking. Add potatoes and scallions to oil, stirring once, then cover and cook until beginning to brown, about 4 minutes. Stir potato mixture once, then cover and cook 3 minutes more. Pour beaten eggs evenly over potato mixture and crumble cheese over eggs. Transfer skillet to oven and bake frittata, uncovered, until set and just cooked through, about 15 minutes. Invert a plate  <END>
INPUT: Asian, mojito, lemongrass, mint leaves, sugar, rum, lime juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lemongrass Mojito | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 2 lemongrass stalks; 6 large fresh mint leaves; 3 tablespoons sugar; 6 tablespoons white rum; 3 tablespoons fresh lime juice; Ice cubes; 1 cup chilled club soda | INSTRUCTIONS: Microwave lemongrass on high for 40 seconds. Cut bottom 7 inches from each stalk. Slice thinly (save tops for garnish). Combine sliced lemongrass, mint, and sugar in shaker; mash well with muddler or wooden spoon. Add rum and lime juice; mash until all sugar dissolves. Strain into 2 highball glasses. Fill with ice; top with club soda. Garnish with lemongrass tops. Microwave lemongrass on high for 40 seconds. Cut bottom 7 inches from each stalk. Slice thinly (save tops for garnish). Combine sliced lemongrass, mint, and sugar in shaker; mash well with muddler or wooden spoon. Add rum and lime ju <END>
INPUT: olive oil, andouille sausage links, onions, celery, mixed
OUTPUT: TITLE: Andouille Cornbread Stuffing | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon olive oil; 1 pound andouille sausage links, quartered lengthwise, then cut crosswise into 1/4-inch-thick pieces (about 3 cups); 8 cups chopped onions (about 2 3/4 pounds), divided; 5 cups chopped celery (about 10 stalks with leaves), divided; 3 cups mixed chopped red, yellow, and/or green bell peppers, divided; 1 teaspoon dried thyme; 1/4 teaspoon cayenne pepper; 2 large eggs; 1/2 cup (or more) low-salt chicken broth; Green Onion-Jalapeño Cornbread; 1/4 cup (1/2 stick) butter, melted | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat oil in heavy large pot over medium-high heat. Add sausage and sauté until browned, about 6 minutes. Add 6 cups onions, 4 cups celery, and 2 cups bell peppers; sauté until vegetables are brown, about 20 minutes. Add remaining onions, celery, and bell peppers, then thyme and cayenne; sauté until vegetables begin to soften, about 5 minutes. Season with salt and pepper. (Can be made 1 day ahead. Cool slightly. Cover and chill.) Preheat oven to 350°F. Butter 15x10x2-inch glass baking dish. Whisk eggs and 1/2 cup broth in medium bowl. Crumble cornbread into very large bowl. Add vegetable and eg <END>
INPUT: scones, all purpose flour, old fashioned oats, granulated sugar, baking powder, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Maple Oat Nut Scones | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 3/4 cups all-purpose flour, plus more if needed for flouring; 1/2 cup old-fashioned oats, ground in a food processor; 1/3 cup granulated sugar; 2 tablespoons baking powder; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 2 sticks (1 cup) cold unsalted butter, cut into cubes; 1/2 cup pecans, finely chopped, plus more for sprinkling; 3/4 cup heavy cream, plus more if needed; 1 teaspoon maple extract; 1 large egg; 5 cups powdered sugar; 1/4 cup whole milk; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted; 2 tablespoons strong brewed coffee; 2 teaspoons maple extract | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. For the scones: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with a baking mat or parchment paper. In a large bowl, combine the flour, ground oats, granulated sugar, baking powder and salt. Stir to combine. Add the butter pieces and use a pastry cutter to work the butter and dry ingredients together until the mixture resembles coarse crumbs. Stir in the chopped pecans. Whisk together the cream, maple extract and egg in a small bowl. Pour into the flour mixture, stirring gently until it all comes together. (The mixture will not come together in one cohes <END>
INPUT: Italian, pancakes, cherry, cornstarch, unsalted butter, Bing cherries other
OUTPUT: TITLE: Ricotta Pancakes with Brown Sugar-Cherry Sauce | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup (or more) water, divided; 2 teaspoons cornstarch; 1 tablespoon unsalted butter; 2 cups halved pitted fresh Bing cherries or other dark sweet cherries (about 14 ounces unpitted cherries); 2 tablespoons (packed) golden brown sugar; 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice; 3/4 cup unbleached all purpose flour; 2 tablespoons sugar; 1/2 teaspoon baking powder; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 1 1/3 cups whole-milk ricotta cheese; 4 large egg yolks; 1/2 cup whole milk; 3 large egg whites; Vegetable oil (for brushing) | INSTRUCTIONS: For sauce: Whisk 1/4 cup water and cornstarch in small bowl. Melt butter in medium nonstick skillet over medium heat. Add cherries, 1/4 cup water, and brown sugar; stir until sugar dissolves. Increase heat to medium-high; add cornstarch mixture and stir until mixture boils and thickens, adding water by tablespoonfuls if sauce is very thick, about 1 minute. Remove from heat; stir in lemon juice. Whisk 1/4 cup water and cornstarch in small bowl. Melt butter in medium nonstick skillet over medium heat. Add cherries, 1/4 cup water, and brown sugar; stir until sugar dissolves. Increase heat to medi <END>
INPUT: Asian, flatbread, Pizza Dough, All purpose flour, virgin olive oil, garlic, rosemary leaves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spicy Tuna Flatbread | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1 recipe Pizza Dough, recipe follows; All-purpose flour, for bench and pizza peel; 1 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 2 cloves garlic, finely shaved lengthwise; 1 tablespoon fresh rosemary leaves; Flaked sea salt; Freshly cracked black pepper; 2 teaspoons mayonnaise; 2 teaspoons sour cream; 1/2 teaspoon lemon juice; 1/2 teaspoon Sriracha (Asian hot sauce); 2 to 3 dashes toasted sesame oil; Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper; 1/3 pound maguro (sushi-grade tuna), 1/4- to 1/2-inch dice; Flaked sea salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. For the flatbread: Preheat the oven with a pizza stone to 500 degrees F. (If you don't have a pizza stone, sprinkle a sheet tray with flour or cornmeal.) Stretch each piece of Pizza Dough thinly, dusting with flour. Roll out each piece to wafer thin. Drizzle the dough with the olive oil, smearing evenly. Top with the shaved garlic, rosemary, sea salt and pepper. Transfer to the pizza peel (or upturned sheet tray). Bake until crispy, golden and bubbled up around edges, 2 to 4 minutes each piece. For the salad: Mix the mayonnaise, sour cream, lemon juice, Sriracha, <END>
INPUT: Italian, salt, cauliflower, olive oil, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Paccheri Pasta with Cauliflower and Spinach | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon salt; 1 head cauliflower, cut into flowerets; 2 tablespoons olive oil, plus 2 tablespoons olive oil (best quality), for drizzling; 3 tablespoons minced garlic; 1 tablespoon sliced garlic; 1 teaspoon red pepper flakes; 1/4 cup chicken stock or vegetable stock; 1 bunch fresh spinach (about 3 cups); 1 (28-ounce) can crushed tomatoes (best quality); 3 tablespoons capers, with 1 tablespoon juice; 1 teaspoon freshly cracked black pepper; 1 pound paccheri pasta (large tube) approximately 2.5-inches long by 2-inches wide; 1/2 cup grated Pecorino Romano; 1/4 cup chopped Italian parsley leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring a large stock pot of water to a boil over medium heat, then add in the salt and the cauliflower. Cook for 3 to 4 minutes. Heat 2 tablespoons of olive oil in a large saute pan, and saute the garlic and red pepper flakes for 1 minute. Remove the cauliflower from water with a large strainer or spider and add it to the pan with the garlic-red pepper mixture. Saute briefly until starting to brown, about 3 to 4 minutes. Deglaze the pan with the chicken stock, add in the spinach, cover and let wilt for 2 minutes. Stir in the tomatoes and capers with juice and reduce the heat. Remove the cover a <END>
INPUT: dipped, shortbread, husked hazelnuts, all purpose flour, baking powder, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate Dipped Hazelnut Shortbread | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup husked hazelnuts; 1 cup all-purpose flour; 1/2 teaspoon baking powder; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 8 tablespoons (1 stick) butter, room temperature; 1/3 cup sugar; 1 egg; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; 4 ounces good-quality semisweet chocolate | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Place hazelnuts on baking sheet. Bake until they're a shade darker and fragrant, about 10 to 15 minutes. Remove from oven and set aside to cool. Lower oven to 325 degrees F. Place hazelnuts in blender or food processor and pulse to coarse bits; set aside. Whisk together flour, baking powder, and salt to blend; set aside. Beat butter and sugar together with a wooden spoon until smooth. Beat in egg and vanilla. Gradually beat the flour mixture into the butter mixture. Add the chopped hazelnuts and mix until distributed evenly throughout. Form into approximately 1-i <END>
INPUT: salad, herbs, new potatoes, vermouth, shallots, wine vinegar, lemon juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Potato Salad with Smoked Trout and Fresh Herbs | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 pounds small new potatoes; 1/3 cup dry vermouth; 2 large shallots, minced; 2 tablespoons white-wine vinegar; 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 1/4 cup olive oil; 1/4 pound smoked trout, flaked; 2 tablespoons minced fresh parsley leaves; 1 tablespoon minced fresh chervil; 1 tablespoon minced fresh chives; 1 tablespoon minced fresh tarragon leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: In a steamer set over boiling water steam the potatoes, cut into 3/4-inch pieces, covered, for 8 to 10 minutes, or until they are tender. While the potatoes are cooking, in a small bowl whisk together the vermouth, the shallots, the vinegar, and the lemon juice. Transfer the potatoes to a bowl, toss them with the vermouth mixture, and let them cool to room temperature. Add the oil, the smoked trout, the herbs, and salt and pepper to taste and toss the salad gently. In a steamer set over boiling water steam the potatoes, cut into 3/4-inch pieces, covered, for 8 to 10 minutes, or until they are  <END>
INPUT: boneless, crust, leeks, unsalted butter, Coarse salt pepper, trumpet other mushrooms, egg
OUTPUT: TITLE: Boneless Lamb with Mushroom Crust and Leek Puree | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 leeks, trimmed, or hard green parts, split in half, well washed, and roughly chopped; 1 tablespoon unsalted butter; Coarse salt and freshly ground pepper; 2 ounces dried black trumpet or other dried mushrooms; 1 large egg, beaten with a little salt and pepper; All-purpose flour, for dredging; 2 racks of lamb, boned; 4 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 4 ounces shiitake or other mushroom, trimmed and cut into chunks; 2 garlic cloves, lightly smashed; 2 fresh thyme sprigs | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring a saucepan of salted water to a boil, Add leeks, and cook until tender, about 4 minutes. Drain, and transfer to a blender. Add butter and season with salt and pepper. Puree; transfer to a warm place. Place dried mushrooms in a spice mill or coffee grinder; grind to the consistency of coffee. Transfer to a plate. Place egg in a bowl; add some salt and pepper, and beat lightly. Place flour on a plate. Dip lamb very lightly in flour; shake off excess. Dip into egg, then into mushrooms. Pat mushrooms to adhere so they coat the lamb heavily. Refrigerate up to 2 hours. Heat oven to 500 degrees <END>
INPUT: French, cocktail, plum tomatoes, Canola oil, Salt pepper, ketchup, horseradish
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Tomato-Tarragon Cocktail Sauce | CUISINE: French | INGREDIENTS: 8 plum tomatoes, halved and seeded; Canola oil; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 3 tablespoons ketchup; 1/4 cup prepared horseradish, drained; 1 lime, juiced; 1 tablespoon honey; Few dashes chipotle hot sauce; Few dashes Worcestershire sauce; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh tarragon leaves, plus more for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat grill to high. Brush tomatoes with oil and season with salt and pepper. Grill for 2 to 3 minutes or until the skins are lightly charred. Place tomatoes and remaining ingredients, except tarragon, in a food processor and process until smooth. Add the tarragon and pulse a few times. Pour into a bowl and serve at room temperature. Garnish with additional tarragon, if desired. <END>
INPUT: cured, smithfield, pork loin chops, sugar, coarse salt, pepper, slab bacon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sugar Cured Smithfield Lean Pork Chop Over Hickory with Red's Apple Baked Beans and Grilled Pineappl | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 pork loin chops, 2 inches thick; 2 tablespoons brown sugar; 2 tablespoons coarse salt; 1 teaspoon black pepper; 6 ounces slab bacon, rind removed and cut into 1/2-inch dice; 1 cup onion, 1/2-inch diced; 2 teaspoons garlic, minced; 1/4 cup ketchup; 2 tablespoons molasses; 2 tablespoons French's mustard; 1 tablespoon brown sugar; 1 jalapeno, minced; 2 Granny Smith apples, cored and 1-inch chopped; 1 can Buschs baked beans, drained and rinsed; Salt and pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Mix the brown sugar, salt and pepper together and rub vigorously into the pork. Refrigerate 4 to 6 hours. Place chops over medium hot coals for 5 minutes and turn 1/4 turn. Cook for 5 minutes and then flip the chop over. Cook for 5 minutes; turn 1/4 turn; cook another 5 minutes. Allow the chop to rest for 5 minutes on the cool side of the grill. Red's Apple Baked Beans: In a cast iron pot with a lid, cook the bacon over medium heat, stirring until browned. Add onion and garlic and cook until browned. Add ketchup, molasses, mustard, sugar, and jalapeno and bring to a boil. Add apples and baked  <END>
INPUT: jumbo shrimp, unsalted butter, dill, shallot
OUTPUT: TITLE: Shrimp in Dill Butter | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 12 (1/2-inch-thick) slices brioche or firm white sandwich bread, crusts discarded; 16 jumbo shrimp, peeled, leaving tail fan attached, and deveined; 3/4 stick unsalted butter, softened; 2 tablespoons finely chopped dill; 1 tablespoon finely chopped shallot; Equipment: 8 (2-ounce) ramekins or small ovenproof cups | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 375°F with rack in middle. Cut bread into 24 (2- by 1-inch) rectangles, then bake in a 4-sided sheet pan, turning once or twice, until golden, 8 to 10 minutes. (Leave oven on.) Transfer to a rack to cool. Season shrimp with 1/4 teaspoon salt and 1/8 teaspoon pepper. Mash together butter, dill, shallot, and 1/4 teaspoon each of salt and pepper. Put a dab of dill butter in each ramekin, then put ramekins in sheet pan. Arrange 2 shrimp, with tails up and facing each other, in each ramekin. Spread remaining dill butter in ramekins and bake until shrimp are just cooked through, 20 t <END>
INPUT: Mexican, salsa, tomatillos, onion, serrano chiles, olive oil, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Tomatillo Salsa | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound tomatillos (about 6 large), papery husks removed, rinsed; 1/2 large onion, cut into thirds; 2 serrano chiles, halved, seeded; 1 tablespoon olive oil; 1 teaspoon salt; 1 cup (loosely packed) fresh cilantro leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 375°F. Toss first 5 ingredients in 8x8x2-inch glass baking dish. Roast in oven until tomatillos and onion are very soft, about 1 hour. Transfer contents of baking dish to processor and add cilantro. Puree until almost smooth. Transfer salsa to bowl. Chill or serve at room temperature. Preheat oven to 375°F. Toss first 5 ingredients in 8x8x2-inch glass baking dish. Roast in oven until tomatillos and onion are very soft, about 1 hour. Transfer contents of baking dish to processor and add cilantro. Puree until almost smooth. Transfer salsa to bowl. Chill or serve at room temperatu <END>
INPUT: foil, fennel bulbs, oranges, garlic, thyme, virgin olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fennel and Oranges Steamed in Foil | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 5 fennel bulbs, trimmed and sliced 1/4-inch thick; 2 oranges, peeled and sliced 1/4-inch thick; 6 garlic cloves, peeled and sliced; 4 sprigs fresh thyme; 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Place the fennel onto the center of a large piece of aluminum foil. Squeeze the juice from the orange slices over the fennel and put the slices on top. Scatter over the garlic and thyme; season with salt and pepper. Drizzle the olive oil over everything. Pull the sides of the foil up and seal. Place on the grill over low heat and let it steam until the fennel is tender, about 35 to 45 minutes. Serve with the pork. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, salad, rice vinegar, sugar, salt, English hothouse cucumbers, radishes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cucumber, Radish and Green Onion Salad with Chili-Lime Dressing | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 6 tablespoons rice vinegar; 1/4 cup sugar; 1 teaspoon salt; 2 English hothouse cucumbers, halved lengthwise, thinly sliced crosswise; 2 1/2 cups thinly sliced radishes (about 2 bunches); 1 1/2 cups matchstick-size strips green onions (about 8); Chili-Lime Dressing; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh mint | INSTRUCTIONS: Mix first 3 ingredients in large bowl to blend. Add cucumbers and toss to coat. Let stand 1 hour, tossing occasionally. Drain cucumber mixture. Return cucumbers to large bowl. Add radishes and green onions. Toss salad with Chili-Lime Dressing. Sprinkle with mint. Mix first 3 ingredients in large bowl to blend. Add cucumbers and toss to coat. Let stand 1 hour, tossing occasionally. Drain cucumber mixture. Return cucumbers to large bowl. Add radishes and green onions. Toss salad with Chili-Lime Dressing. Sprinkle with mint. <END>
INPUT: shots amaretto, strong coffee, whipped cream, cinnamon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Amaretto Coffee | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1-2 shots of amaretto; strong coffee; whipped cream; cinnamon sticks; cinnamon; nutmeg | INSTRUCTIONS: Pour in Amaretto in a clear glass mug and add coffee. Garnish with whipped cream, cinnamon, nutmeg and cinnamon stick. <END>
INPUT: dill, Olive oil, summer squash
OUTPUT: TITLE: Summer Squash | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup dill, chopped; Olive oil, to taste; 5 summer squash, cut in 1/2 | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat a grill or grill pan. Finely chop a small handful of dill and mix with olive oil. Rub the mixture over the squash halves, and grill for 5 minutes. Flip and grill for a few more minutes on the other side. Cooking times depend on various factors most importantly the coal base and heat coming off those coals. <END>
INPUT: pavlovas, filled, classic meringue, strawberries, mangoes, sugar, rum
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pavlovas Filled with Strawberries and Mangoes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 recipe classic meringue; 1 pint strawberries, washed, hulled and sliced; 2 medium mangoes, peeled and diced; 1 tablespoon brown sugar; 2 tablespoons rum; 1/2 cup heavy cream; 1 tablespoon white sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 225 degrees. Load meringue into a pastry bag fitted with medium plain or star tip. Line 2 baking sheets with parchment paper and use a dab of meringue in each corner to secure paper to the pans. Pipe out spirals to form 4-inch disks, 4 disks on each baking sheet. On one baking sheet, build up the walls of each disks by piping around outer rim to form a shell. You should have four round open shells and four disks to be used as lids. Also, pipe out several mini meringue disks or bars to serve as tests. Place pans in oven and bake for about 1 1/2 hours. They should be thoroughly d <END>
INPUT: Italian, gratin, penne pasta, unsalted butter, virgin olive oil, all purpose flour, milk
OUTPUT: TITLE: Penne au Gratin | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 6 ounces penne pasta (2 1/4 cups); 1 1/2 teaspoons unsalted butter; 1 tablespoon virgin olive oil; 2 tablespoons all-purpose flour; 2 1/2 cups milk; 4 1/2 ounces cheddar cheese, cut into 1/2-inch dice (1 cup); 3/4 teaspoon salt; 3/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 1 large tomato, (8 ounces), halved, seeded, and the flesh cut into 1/2-inch dice (1 1/4 cups); 1 1/2 tablespoons grated Parmesan cheese; 1/2 teaspoon paprika | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring 2 1/2 quarts of water to a boil in a pot. Add the penne, bring the water back to a boil, and boil the pasta over medium heat, uncovered, for about 8 minutes. (The pasta should be al dente, firm to the bite.) Drain the penne in a colander and rinse it under cold tap water until cool, and set aside. Heat the butter and oil in a saucepan, and add the flour. Cook the mixture over medium heat for about 10 seconds, then add the milk, stir it in quickly with a whisk so the mixture doesn't scorch. Bring the mixture to a boil, and boil it for 10 seconds. Add the cheddar cheese, salt and pepper, m <END>
INPUT: truffles, hazelnuts, good bittersweet chocolate, good semisweet chocolate, heavy cream, hazelnut liqueur
OUTPUT: TITLE: Hazelnut Truffles | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup hazelnuts; 3 1/2 ounces good bittersweet chocolate; 3 1/2 ounces good semisweet chocolate; 1/2 cup heavy cream; 1 1/2 tablespoons hazelnut liqueur (recommended: Frangelico); 1 tablespoon prepared coffee; 1/2 teaspoon good vanilla extract | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Chop the hazelnuts and place them on a sheet pan. Roast them in the oven for 10 minutes. (If the hazelnuts have skin on them, roast them for 25 minutes.) Set aside to cool. Chop the chocolates finely and place in a bowl. Heat the cream in a small saucepan until it boils. Immediately pour the hot cream through a fine-meshed sieve into the bowl with the chocolates. With a wire whisk, slowly stir the cream and chocolates together until the chocolate is completely melted. (If the chocolate doesn't melt completely, place the bowl ove <END>
INPUT: spaetzle, all purpose flour, salt, nutmeg, eggs, milk
OUTPUT: TITLE: Bacon Onion Spaetzle | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups all-purpose flour; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 1/4 teaspoon ground nutmeg; 3 eggs, lightly beaten; 1 cup milk; 1/4 pound smoked bacon, diced; 1 yellow onion, chopped; 1 tablespoon olive oil; Chopped fresh parsley leaves, for garnish; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: In a medium bowl, combine the flour, salt, and nutmeg. In a separate bowl, combine the eggs and milk. Add the egg mixture to the dry ingredients and stir until smooth; let stand for 30 minutes. Press the batter through a sieve into boiling salted water. Cook about 1 minute. Drop cooked spaetzle into ice water. Drain spaetzle and set aside. In a skillet, cook the bacon over medium heat until golden, about 4 to 5 minutes. Add onions and cook until soft, about 4 to 5 minutes. In a separate skillet, saute the cooked spaetzle in the oil until golden. Add the bacon mixture, season as needed with sal <END>
INPUT: duchesse, potatoes, milk, egg yolks, dark seeds nigella
OUTPUT: TITLE: Duchesse Potato Ghosts | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 pounds large red potatoes; 3/4 stick (6 tablespoons) unsalted butter, cut into pieces; 1 1/4 cups milk; 3 large egg yolks; Garnish: small dark seeds such as nigella* (black onion seeds), cumin seeds, or caraway seeds for ghosts' "eyes"; *available at Middle Eastern and East Indian markets | INSTRUCTIONS: Peel and quarter potatoes and in a large saucepan cover with salted cold water by 2 inches. Bring water to a boil and simmer potatoes until tender, about 15 minutes. While potatoes are simmering, in a small saucepan heat butter with milk over moderately low heat until melted and keep warm. Drain potatoes in a colander and force through a ricer or food mill into a bowl. With an electric mixer beat in milk mixture, yolks, and salt and pepper to taste. Preheat oven to 400°F. Spread about one third potatoes in a buttered 1-quart gratin dish and transfer remaining potatoes to a pastry bag fitted wi <END>
INPUT: bianco, beef, Italian sausage, butter, olive oil, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Bianco Red | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 pounds ground beef; 1 1/2 pounds Italian sausage; 1 tablespoon butter; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1 small onion, chopped; 4 cloves garlic, minced; 16 ounces tomato sauce; 6 ounces tomato paste; 1/2 small carrot, grated; 2 teaspoons dried oregano; 1 bay leaf; 1 rib celery, cut in half; 6 large mushrooms; 2 to 3 tablespoons Italian seasoning; 2 cups red wine | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat a large skillet over medium-high heat. Add ground beef and sausage and cook until both are browned. Set aside. Heat butter and olive oil in a stock pot over medium heat. Add onion and garlic and saute until softened; do not let brown. Add tomato sauce and paste. Add 44 ounces of water (2 cans each of the tomato sauce and paste filled with water). Stir and then add all remaining ingredients except pasta and cheese. Add the browned meats. Stir to combine and bring to a very low simmer, lowering the heat as needed. Simmer very slowly for 3 to 4 hours, checking the taste occasionally and adju <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, mediterraneana, quinoa, water, sea salt, olive oil, marinated artichoke hearts
OUTPUT: TITLE: Quinoa Mediterraneana | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups quinoa; 4 cups water, plus 4 1/2 cups water; 1 teaspoon sea salt; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1/2 cup sliced marinated artichoke hearts; 1/4 cup sliced pitted Kalamata olives; 1/2 bunch fresh spinach, cleaned and cut into chiffonade; 1 cup cherry tomatoes, halved; 2 tablespoons flat-leaf parsley, finely chopped; 1/2 cup Greek dressing, recipe follows; 1/2 cup crumbled goat feta; Handful toasted pine nuts; 1 tablespoon lemon freshly grated zest; 1/2 cup balsamic vinegar; 1/4 cup orange juice | INSTRUCTIONS: Cover quinoa with 4 cups of water and rub the grains between the palm of your hands for 2 seconds. Drain and repeat the process 1 more time. Bring 4 1/2 cups water to a boil; add quinoa, sea salt, and olive oil. Cover, lower heat, and simmer for 15 to 20 minutes or until water is absorbed. Let cool, then fluff with a fork. Add the artichoke hearts, Kalamata olives, spinach, cherry tomatoes, parsley, and Greek dressing, and toss to mix well. Sprinkle with pine nuts and goat feta. Whisk together all the ingredients in a bowl. Check and adjust the seasonings. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, husked corn, homemade mayonnaise, Cotija cheese, chili powder, lime
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Corn | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 4 ears husked yellow corn; 8 tablespoons homemade or prepared mayonnaise; 1 cup grated or shredded Cotija cheese; 2 tablespoons chili powder; 1 lime, cut into wedges | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: 4 wooden skewers Preheat a grill over medium heat or to 350 degrees F. Grill the corn rotating the ears, periodically. When the corn is slightly brown, but not burned, take the corn off heat and let it sit on side of grill for 15 minutes. Corn is done when the kernels are juicy. Insert a wooden skewer into each cob so that corn can be held by the stick in 1 hand. Apply about 2 tablespoons mayonnaise to each ear of corn, then roll them in the cheese until completely covered on all sides. Lastly, sprinkle each ear evenly with about 1/2 tablespoon chili powder and serve with li <END>
INPUT: Italian, brown, risotto, reduced sodium chicken, butter, onion, Arborio rice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Brown Butter Risotto with Lobster | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound (about 2 medium) frozen lobster tails, thawed; 4 1/2 cups reduced-sodium chicken stock; 4 tablespoon butter, at room temperature; 1 cup finely chopped onion; 1 1/2 cups Arborio rice; 1/2 cup brandy; 1/2 cup grated Parmesan; 1/4 cup chopped fresh chives; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring a medium saucepan of salted water to a boil over medium-high heat. Add the lobster tails and boil for 8 to 10 minutes until the shells curl and the lobster meat turns white. Drain, transfer to a cutting board, and cool for 15 minutes. Using kitchen shears or a sharp knife, cut through the top shell lengthwise. Remove the meat and cut into 1/2-inch pieces. Set aside. In a medium saucepan, bring the chicken stock to a boil. Keep hot over low heat. In a large saucepan, melt 3 tablespoons of butter over medium heat. Cook until the butter begins to foam and then turns brown, about 1 to 1 1/2  <END>
INPUT: American, steak, beef bottom round, kosher salt, pepper, all purpose flour, eggs
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken Fried Steak | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 pounds beef bottom round, trimmed of excess fat; 2 teaspoons kosher salt; 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 1 cup all-purpose flour; 3 whole eggs, beaten; 1/4 cup vegetable oil; 2 cups chicken broth; 1/2 cup whole milk; 1/2 teaspoon fresh thyme leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat oven to 250 degrees F. Cut the meat with the grain into 1/2-inch thick slices. Season each piece on both sides with the salt and pepper. Place the flour into a pie pan. Place the eggs into a separate pie pan. Dredge the meat on both sides in the flour. Tenderize the meat, using a needling device, until each slice is 1/4-inch thick. Once tenderized, dredge the meat again in the flour, followed by the egg and finally in the flour again. Repeat with all the pieces of meat. Place the meat onto a plate and allow it to sit for 10 to 15 minutes before cooking. P <END>
INPUT: freezes, orange sherbet, vanilla ice cream, lemon lime soda, lime
OUTPUT: TITLE: Orange Freezes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 pints orange sherbet; 1 pint vanilla ice cream; 1 liter lemon lime soda or lemon lime seltzer; 1 lime, for garnish, optional | INSTRUCTIONS: For each freeze, in a blender combine 3 scoops orange sherbet and 1 scoop vanilla ice cream. Add 1/4 liter lemon lime soda or lemon lime seltzer and 4 ice cubes to the blender. Set blender top in place and blend on high setting until frothy and smooth. Pour into fountain or tall glass and garnish glass rim with a round of lime and a straw. Repeat with remaining ingredients. <END>
INPUT: stewed, gingered, butter, ginger, rhubarb, water, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Stewed Gingered Rhubarb with Vanilla Ice Cream | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons butter; 1 tablespoon grated peeled fresh ginger; 1 1/4 pounds fresh rhubarb, trimmed, cut into 1/2 inch pieces; 1 cup water; 1/2 cup sugar; 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice; Vanilla ice cream; Fresh mint | INSTRUCTIONS: Melt butter in heavy large saucepan over medium high heat. Add ginger and rhubarb, and saute 2 minutes. Add water, sugar and lemon juice. Bring to boil. Reduce heat and simmer until rhubarb is very tender, stirring frequently, about 15 minutes. Remove from heat and cool slightly. Scoop ice cream into glass dishes. Spoon warm rhubarb over. Garnish with mint and serve immediately. <END>
INPUT: Italian, reginetti other short, Kosher salt, olive oil, pancetta, savoy cabbage
OUTPUT: TITLE: Reginetti with Savoy Cabbage and Pancetta | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 12 ounces reginetti or other short pasta; Kosher salt; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 6 ounces thinly sliced pancetta (Italian bacon); 1 small head of savoy cabbage, tough ribs removed, leaves torn; 1/4 cup (1/2 stick) unsalted butter, cut into pieces; 2 teaspoons fresh thyme leaves; 1/2 ounce Parmesan, finely grated (about 1/2 cup); Freshly ground black pepper; Poppy seeds (for serving) | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook pasta in a large pot of boiling salted water, stirring occasionally, until very al dente (pasta will still be opaque and very firm in the center). Drain pasta, reserving 1 1/2 cups pasta cooking liquid. Meanwhile, heat oil in a large skillet over medium and cook pancetta, turning halfway through, until brown and crisp, about 4 minutes. Drain on paper towels. Add cabbage to skillet and cook undisturbed until deeply browned in some spots, about 3 minutes. Toss, then cook undisturbed until deeply browned in other spots, about 2 minutes. Continue to cook and toss until cabbage is charred in s <END>
INPUT: American, sugar, unsalted butter, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grapefruit Pie | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 9 (2 1/4-inch by 4 3/4-inch) graham crackers; 2 tablespoons sugar; 5 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 1 cup sugar; 3 tablespoons cornstarch; 1 (3-ounce) box strawberry-flavored Jell-O; 2 large or 3 medium red grapefruits; 3/4 cup chilled heavy cream; 2 tablespoons sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: Make crust: Preheat oven to 350°F. Butter a 9-inch pie plate. In food processor, grind graham crackers into crumbs, about 1 minute. Add sugar, butter, and salt and pulse motor until mixture becomes fine crumbs, about 2 to 3 minutes. Press mixture evenly onto bottom and up sides of pie plate. Bake in middle of oven until golden brown, about 10 minutes. Cool crust in pan on rack. Preheat oven to 350°F. Butter a 9-inch pie plate. In food processor, grind graham crackers into crumbs, about 1 minute. Add sugar, butter, and salt and pulse motor until mixture becomes fine crumbs, about 2 to 3 minutes <END>
INPUT: American, wild, meatloaf, virgin olive oil, cremini mushrooms, shiitake mushrooms, shallot, Salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Turkey and Wild Mushroom Meatloaf Patties with Pan Gravy | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, 2 turns of the pan for the mushrooms, 1 turn for the patties; 8 cremini mushrooms, (baby portobellos), chopped; 8 shiitake mushrooms, chopped; 1 shallot, chopped; Salt and pepper; 1 1/3 pounds ground turkey, the average weight of 1 package; 3 or 4 sprigs fresh sage, leaves chopped, about 2 tablespoons; 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce, eyeball it; 1/2 cup Italian bread crumbs; 1 egg, beaten; 2 tablespoons butter; 2 tablespoons all-purpose flour; 2 cups chicken stock; 1 teaspoon poultry seasoning | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat a nonstick skillet over medium high heat. Add oil, 2 turns of the pan. Add chopped mushrooms and shallots and season with salt and pepper. Saute mushrooms 5 or 6 minutes until dark and tender. Remove from heat. Transfer mushrooms to a bowl and return pan to stove top to preheat to cook patties. Add turkey to the mushroom mixture. Make a well in the center of the meat. Add sage, Worcestershire sauce, bread crumbs and beaten egg and season with salt and pepper. Mix turkey meat loaf and make a small 1-inch patty. Place meat in the hot pan and cook 1 minute on each side. Taste the mini patty  <END>
INPUT: menu, cakes, packages chicken sausages, water, virgin olive oil, cubanelle peppers, Salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sweet and Savory Menu: Rosemary Corn Cakes with Prosciutto and Chicken Sausages with Hot and Sweet P | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 packages chicken sausages, any flavors or brand, such as sun-dried tomato or garlic; 2 cups water, eyeball it; Extra-virgin olive oil, 2 tablespoons, 2 turns of the pan; 2 large cubanelle peppers (long, Italian light green sweet peppers), seeded and thinly sliced; Salt and pepper; 4 hot red cherry peppers, chopped; A splash of hot pepper juice; 1 box (8 1/2 ounces) corn muffin mix (recommended: Jiffy); 1 egg; 3 tablespoons butter, divided; 3/4 cup milk; 2 to 3 tablespoons finely chopped fresh rosemary leaves; 4 slices prosciutto, chopped; 1/2 cup honey | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat a griddle or nonstick skillet over medium heat. Prick sausages with a fork and place in a large skillet then add 1-inch of water to the pan. Add 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil to the pan then bring water up to a boil then reduce the heat to medium. Let the sausages cook until the liquid evaporates 10 minutes. Work on the corn cakes, see below. Move the sausages off to 1 side of the pan to allow the casings to crisp and brown. Add peppers to the other side of the pan, season with salt and pepper and let them cook until just tender. Add hot peppers to sweet peppers and combine and  <END>
INPUT: pudding, milk, cupsHachiya persimmon purée, dark sugar, eggs, raisins
OUTPUT: TITLE: Hachiya Persimmon Bread Pudding | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups whole milk; 1 1/2 cupsHachiya persimmon purée; 3/4 cup packed dark brown sugar; 3 large eggs; 1/4 cup raisins; 1 teaspoon vanilla; 1/8 teaspoon salt; 8 cups cubed (1-inch) challah or soft white Italian bread (from a 1 1/4-lb loaf); 1/2 cup walnuts (2 oz), coarsely chopped and ">toasted; 1 1/2 tablespoons unsalted butter, cut into bits; Accompaniment: whipped cream | INSTRUCTIONS: Whisk together milk, persimmon purée, brown sugar, eggs, raisins, vanilla, and salt in a large bowl, then stir in bread and let mixture stand at room temperature 15 minutes. Put oven rack in middle position and preheat oven to 375°F. Stir walnuts into bread pudding, then spoon pudding into a buttered shallow 8-inch square (2-quart) glass or ceramic baking dish, spreading evenly. Dot with butter bits. Bake pudding until golden, puffed, and set, 35 to 40 minutes. Cool to warm in pan on a rack, about 20 minutes. Bread pudding can be made 1 day ahead and cooled completely, uncovered, then chilled, <END>
INPUT: skinned sweet potatoes, golden sugar, butter, cinnamon, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Brown Sugar-Glazed Sweet Potatoes with Marshmallows | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 pounds red-skinned sweet potatoes (yams), peeled, cut into 1-inch pieces; 2/3 cup packed golden brown sugar; 5 tablespoons butter; 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/4 teaspoon ground nutmeg; Pinch of ground ginger; 2 cups miniature marshmallows; 1/2 cup sliced almonds | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 375°F. Arrange potatoes in 13 x 9 x 2-inch glass baking dish. Combine sugar, butter, cinnamon, salt, nutmeg and ginger in heavy small saucepan over medium heat. Bring to boil, stirring until sugar dissolves. Pour over potatoes; toss to coat. Cover dish tightly with foil. Bake potatoes 50 minutes. Uncover; bake until potatoes are tender and syrup thickens slightly, basting occasionally, about 20 minutes. Increase oven temperature to 500°F. Top potatoes with marshmallows and nuts. Return to oven; bake until marshmallows begin to melt and nuts begin to brown, about 3 minutes. Preh <END>
INPUT: bruschetta, virgin olive oil, garlic, cherry tomatoes, pepper flakes, Salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Bruschetta with Hot Cherry Tomatoes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 3 to 4 cloves garlic, chopped; 2 pints cherry tomatoes; 1 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes; Salt; A handful flat-leaf parsley, chopped; A few basil leaves, torn; 1 loaf semolina bread, sliced | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Heat about 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil in a medium skillet over medium heat. Stir in the garlic, saute for 2 minutes, then add the tomatoes and hot pepper flakes. Season with salt, to taste, and toss to coat in the oil. Cover the pan, raise heat a bit and cook until the tomatoes burst, about for 10 to 12 minutes. Remove the lid, squish any whole tomatoes with a wooden spoon and let the tomatoes thicken, about 1 minute. Stir in the parsley, adjust the seasoning and remove from the heat. Heat the broiler and char the bread on both sides. Arrange the bread  <END>
INPUT: white, cookies, unsalted butter, dark sugar, cannellini beans, pure maple syrup, eggs
OUTPUT: TITLE: White Bean Chocolate Chip Cookies | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened; 3/4 cup packed dark brown sugar; 1/2 cup cooked or canned cannellini beans, drained and rinsed; 2 tablespoons pure maple syrup; 2 large eggs, at room temperature; 1 1/2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract; 1 1/2 cups all-purpose flour; 1/2 teaspoon baking soda; 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt; 1 cup semisweet chocolate chips | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Line two baking sheets with parchment paper. In the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, beat the butter and sugar together on medium-high speed until smooth and fluffy, 4 to 5 minutes. Meanwhile, put the beans in a food processor; add the maple syrup and puree until very smooth. Add the bean mixture to the creamed butter in the bowl of the stand mixer and beat on medium speed until completely smooth, stopping and scraping down the bowl with a rubber spatula several times, 3 to 4 minutes. Add the eggs, one at <END>
INPUT: American, board, Fig hydrangea leaves, grapes, Assorted American cheeses, apricots, Crackers
OUTPUT: TITLE: All American Cheese Board | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: Fig or hydrangea leaves; Green grapes; Assorted American cheeses, such as a creamy, hard and blue; Dried apricots; Crackers; Savory shortbread crackers; Dried peaches; Fig compote | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Arrange the fig leaves on top of a board and artfully place the grapes, cheeses, apricots, crackers, peaches and compote on top of the leaves. <END>
INPUT: truffled, sandwiches, fillet beef, unsalted butter, Kosher salt pepper, French baguettes, truffle butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Truffled Fillet of Beef Sandwiches | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 to 2 pounds fillet of beef, trimmed and tied; 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, at room temperature; Kosher salt and coarsely ground black pepper; 2 French baguettes, 18 to 20 inches long; 3 ounces black truffle butter, at room temperature; 1 (2-ounce) chunk good Parmesan cheese; Fresh baby arugula | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 500 degrees F. (Be sure your oven is very clean!) Place the beef on a sheet pan and pat the outside dry with a paper towel. Spread the butter all over the beef with your hands. Sprinkle the beef evenly with 1 1/2 teaspoons salt and 1 1/2 teaspoons pepper. Roast for exactly 22 minutes for rare and 25 minutes for medium-rare. Remove the beef from the oven, cover it tightly with aluminum foil, and allow it to rest at room temperature for 15 minutes. Remove the strings and slice the fillet about 1/4-inch thick. Open the baguettes lengthwise but not all the way through. Spread t <END>
INPUT: winner, double, Fisher, Domino, cinnamon, JIF
OUTPUT: TITLE: Winner: Double-Delight Peanut Butter Cookies | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup Fisher(r) Dry Roasted Peanuts, finely chopped; 1/4 cup Domino(r) or C and H(r) Granulated Sugar; 1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1/2 cup JIF(r) Creamy Peanut Butter; 1/2 cup Domino(r) or C and H(r) Powdered Sugar; 1 roll (16.5 oz) Pillsbury(r) Create 'n Bake(r) refrigerated peanut butter cookies, well chilled | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat in oven to 375 degrees F. In a small bowl mix chopped peanuts, granulated sugar and cinnamon; set aside. In another small bowl, stir peanut butter and powdered sugar until completely blended. Shape mixture into 24 (1-inch) balls. Cut roll of cookie dough into 12 slices. Cut each slice in half crosswise to make 24 pieces; flatten slightly. Shape 1 cookie dough piece around 1 peanut butter ball, covering completely. Repeat with remaining dough and balls. Roll each covered ball in peanut mixture; gently pat mixture completely onto balls. On ungreased large cookie sheets, place balls 2 inches <END>
INPUT: covered, Vegetable oil misting, eggs, pure almond extract
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate-Covered Cherry Cake | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Vegetable oil spray for misting; 1 package (18.25 ounces) plain devil's food cake mix or devil's food mix with pudding; 1 can (21 ounces) cherry pie filling; 2 large eggs; 1 teaspoon pure almond extract; 1 cup sugar; 1/3 cup butter; 1/3 cup whole milk; 1 package (6 ounces; 1 cup) semisweet chocolate chips | INSTRUCTIONS: Place a rack in the center of the oven and preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Lightly mist a 13- by 9-inch baking pan with vegetable oil spray. Set the pan aside. Place the cake mix, cherry pie filling, eggs, and almond extract in a large mixing bowl. Blend with an electric mixer on low speed for 1 minute. Stop the machine and scrape down the sides of the bowl with a rubber spatula. Increase the mixer speed to medium and beat 2 minutes more, scraping the sides down again if needed. The batter should look thick and well blended. Pour the batter into the prepared pan, smoothing the top with the  <END>
INPUT: olive oil, garlic, mushrooms, Italian parsley, wine
OUTPUT: TITLE: Marinated Mushrooms | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup olive oil; 4 large garlic cloves, halved lengthwise; 2 pounds small mushrooms, stems trimmed; 1/2 cup chopped fresh Italian parsley; 1 1/2 cups dry white wine; 1/4 cup fresh lemon juice; 2 tablespoons plus 2 teaspoons red wine vinegar; 6 whole cloves; 2 bay leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat oil in heavy large skillet over medium-low heat. Add garlic; sauté until golden, about 6 minutes. Discard garlic. Increase heat to medium-high. Add mushrooms and parsley; sauté until mushrooms are golden, about 8 minutes. Reduce heat to medium-low. Stir in remaining ingredients. Cover and simmer 5 minutes. Season with salt and pepper. Cool to room temperature. Transfer to container; cover and chill until cold. (Can be made 2 days ahead. Keep chilled.) Drain mushrooms before serving. Heat oil in heavy large skillet over medium-low heat. Add garlic; sauté until golden, about 6 minutes. Disc <END>
INPUT: chicken, all purpose flour, Kosher salt pepper, cornflakes, buttermilk
OUTPUT: TITLE: Crispy Baked 'Fried' Chicken | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 8 chicken pieces (preferably 2 breasts, 2 thighs, 2 legs and 2 wings); 1/2 cup all-purpose flour; Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper; 4 cups cornflakes; 2/3 cup buttermilk; 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard; 1/4 teaspoon cayenne pepper; 1 1/2 teaspoons paprika; 3/4 teaspoon ground sage; Serving suggestion: Easy Greens, recipe follows | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees. Place a rack in a roasting pan or on a baking sheet. Rinse the chicken in cold water; pat dry. In a wide bowl or on a plate, season the flour with salt and 1/4 teaspoon pepper. Dredge each chicken piece through the flour so it's fully coated, tap against the bowl to shake off excess flour and set aside. Discard the flour. Here comes the part kids like best: Crush the cornflakes by placing them in a big resealable plastic bag, carefully pressing the bag to push out the air. Seal up the bag (with as little air inside as possible) and run over the flakes with a ro <END>
INPUT: caribbean, eyed peas, Kosher salt, virgin olive oil, turkey kielbasa, scallions
OUTPUT: TITLE: Caribbean Rice and Peas | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 10 ounces frozen black-eyed peas, thawed; Kosher salt; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 6 ounces turkey kielbasa (or other smoked sausage), thinly sliced; 1 large bunch scallions, sliced, white and green parts separated; 2 small ribs celery, diced; 6 cloves garlic, sliced; 1 jalapeno, finely chopped; 2 teaspoons jerk seasoning; 2 teaspoons chopped fresh thyme; 2 tablespoons tomato paste; 1 cup uncooked long-grain brown rice; 2 bay leaves; 4 cups stemmed and chopped collard greens | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine the black-eyed peas, 3 cups water and a pinch of salt in a small pot. Cover and bring to a boil. Meanwhile, heat the olive oil in a large, deep skillet over medium heat. Add the kielbasa and cook until golden, about 2 minutes. Add the scallion whites, celery, garlic, jalapeno, jerk seasoning and a generous pinch of salt. Cook until the vegetables brown, about 5 minutes. Add the thyme and tomato paste and cook, stirring occasionally, until the tomato paste turns brick red, about 2 more minutes. Add the rice, bay leaves and the black-eyed peas with their liquid to the skillet and bring t <END>
INPUT: floosh, cabbage, onion, garlic, turkey, ketchup
OUTPUT: TITLE: Floosh's Stuffed Cabbage | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 extra-large head green cabbage (large enough to yield 14 large leaves), core carefully removed with a sharp knife; 3/4 cup finely chopped onion; 1/2 tablespoon chopped garlic; 1 1/4 pounds raw lean ground turkey; 1/3 cup ketchup; 1 1/2 tablespoons tomato paste; 1 tablespoon granulated sugar; 3/4 cup jellied cranberry sauce; 1/3 cup low-sugar grape jam or preserves; 2 cups low-fat plain marinara sauce; 1/3 teaspoon salt; Chopped scallions, for optional garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Place cored cabbage head in an extra-large pot and cover with water. Bring the water to a boil on the stove. Once boiling, cover and cook for 5 to 7 minutes, rotating the cabbage occasionally with tongs or a large heat-resistant spoon, until the leaves soften, loosen, and begin to fall off the head. Remove the pot from heat. Carefully remove the cabbage head and leaves from the pot, drain it, and let it cool. Meanwhile, prepare the sauce and filling. To make the filling: Combine onion, garlic, turkey, ketchup, tomato paste, and sugar in a large bowl. Knead with your hands until the mixture is  <END>
INPUT: American, scramble, toast, eggs, garlic herb cheese, chives, Salt pepper, few drops hot
OUTPUT: TITLE: Herb and Egg Scramble with Garlic Toast and Sliced Tomato | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 12 eggs, beaten; 4 ounces garlic and herb cheese (such as Boursin or Alouette) or, cream cheese, cut or crumbled into small pieces; 3 tablespoons chives, chopped -- about 12 blades; Salt and black pepper; A few drops hot sauce; 2 tablespoons butter or extra-virgin olive oil; 4 plum or Roma tomatoes, sliced lengthwise; Smoked salmon, sliced ham or salami, chopped -- optional additions for the eggs; 8 slices white, wheat, soft sliced Italian or whole grain bread; 2 large cloves garlic, cracked away from skin; 4 tablespoons softened salted butter | INSTRUCTIONS: Whisk eggs with cheese and chives and season with salt and pepper and a few drops hot sauce. Preheat a large nonstick skillet over medium heat. Add butter or extra-virgin olive oil to the pan. Heat butter or oil, then add eggs. Add the optional addition, if desired, at this point. Scramble to desired consistency and serve with a sliced plum tomato per person, seasoned with salt and pepper, alongside the eggs. Pass garlic toast at table: rub hot toast with cracked garlic, then butter as usual. <END>
INPUT: American, sauce, unsalted butter, onion, garlic, cider vinegar, grain mustard
OUTPUT: TITLE: Peach-Mustard BBQ Sauce | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons unsalted butter; 2 tablespoons minced onion; 2 cloves garlic, minced; 3 tablespoons cider vinegar; 1/2 cup whole-grain mustard; 1/4 cup Dijon mustard; 3/4 cup peach jam or preserves; 1 tablespoon bourbon; 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Melt the butter in a saucepan over medium heat. Add the onion and garlic and cook until translucent, about 3 minutes. Add the vinegar and boil until almost completely reduced and the mixture looks like wet sand, about 4 minutes. Whisk in both mustards and the jam or preserves. Simmer, whisking, until jam melts, about 1 minute. Remove the pan from the heat and stir in the bourbon and salt. Copyright © 2005 Television Food Network, G.P., All Rights Reserved <END>
INPUT: wine vinegar, garlic, oregano thyme, Kosher coarse salt, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lemon Chicken | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon red wine vinegar; 2 teaspoons finely minced garlic; 1 teaspoon dried oregano or thyme; Kosher or coarse salt; 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 4 bone-in chicken breast halves with skin (2 to 2 1/2 pounds total); 6 bone-in chicken thighs with skin (2 1/2 to 3 pounds total); 1/4 cup Italian (flat-leaf) parsley (optional, see Cook's Notes); 1 cup fresh lemon juice (from 4 to 6 lemons); 2/3 cup olive oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the broiler with the rack placed about 8 inches away from the heat source. Put the lemon juice, olive oil, red wine vinegar, garlic, oregano or thyme, 1/2 teaspoon of salt, and 1/4 teaspoon of pepper in a container with a lid and shake well to blend. Place the chicken pieces skin-side down on a rimmed baking sheet and salt them lightly. Broil for 15 minutes. Turn the pieces, lightly salt them, and broil them until the skin is crisp and golden brown and the juices run clear when the pieces are pierced with a fork, 15 to 20 minutes longer. Remove the chicken from the broiler, leaving the <END>
INPUT: Asian, beer, ginger, turbinado sugar, allspice berries, crystallized ginger
OUTPUT: TITLE: Easy Ginger Beer | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup peeled and chopped fresh ginger (about 6 ounces); 1 cup turbinado sugar; 4 allspice berries; 2 cloves; 1 tablespoon chopped crystallized ginger; 1 liter seltzer; 2 tablespoons fresh lime juice, optional | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Combine the ginger, sugar, allspice, cloves spices, and crystallized ginger, and 2 cups of water in a medium saucepan. Bring to a boil. Remove from the heat, cover and let steep for 45 minutes. Prepare a large bowl set over an ice bath. Strain the ginger syrup into the bowl, pressing out all the liquid from the ginger. Cool to room temperature. Just before serving, stir together the ginger syrup and seltzer in a pitcher. Add the lime juice if desired. Serve over ice. <END>
INPUT: Italian, wine vinegar, shallot, garlic, Dijon mustard
OUTPUT: TITLE: Orzo with Crab and Artichoke | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 jar (6 ounces) marinated artichoke hearts, drained and blotted; 3 tablespoons white wine vinegar; 1 shallot, coarsely chopped; 2 cloves garlic; 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard; 2 large basil leaves; 1/2 teaspoon dried oregano; 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1/2 pound orzo; 3/4 pound jumbo lump crabmeat; 1 pint cherry tomatoes, halved; 10 oil-packed sun-dried tomatoes, drained and sliced into thin strips; 1/4 cup minced chives; 2 tablespoons chopped flat-leaf parsley | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring a large pot of water to a boil. Coarsely chop all but 4 artichoke hearts; set aside hearts. Place remaining hearts in a blender. Add vinegar, shallot, garlic, mustard, basil and oregano; season with salt and pepper. Turn on blender and slowly add oil until dressing is emulsified; set aside. Add orzo to boiling water and cook until al dente, about 8 minutes. Drain pasta and then rinse under cold water. Drain again and transfer to a bowl; add crabmeat, cherry tomatoes, sun-dried tomatoes, chives, parsley, reserved artichoke and dressing; toss. Divide among 4 plates. Leftovers are also deli <END>
INPUT: frites, sweet potatoes, vegetable peanut oil, Spice Blend, kosher salt, garlic salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spicy Sweet Potato Frites | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 pounds sweet potatoes (4 medium); 2 quarts vegetable or peanut oil, for frying; Spice Blend, recipe follows; 1 teaspoon kosher salt; 1 teaspoon garlic salt; 1/4 teaspoon cayenne pepper; 1/4 teaspoon chili powder; 1/4 teaspoon ground black pepper; 1/2 teaspoon paprika; 1/4 teaspoon ground dried thyme; 1/4 teaspoon ground dried oregano | INSTRUCTIONS: Peel potatoes and cut into 1/4-inch matchsticks. Heat oil to 300 degrees F. "Blanch" fries for 2 minutes and let cool. Heat oil to 350 degrees F. Fry for 3 minutes, or until fries are brown and rise to the top. Sprinkle with the spice blend. Toss all the spices together in a large bowl. Store in an airtight container. <END>
INPUT: wreaths, all purpose flour, cornmeal, baking powder, fine salt, unsalted butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cornmeal Wreaths | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 1/4 cups all-purpose flour; 1 cup yellow cornmeal; 2 teaspoons baking powder; 1/2 teaspoon fine salt; 3/4 cup unsalted butter (1 1/2 sticks), room temperature; 2/3 cup sugar; 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract; 1/4 teaspoon anise extract, optional; 2 large eggs, room temperature; 1 cup cornflakes; 1 large egg white, beaten; Confectioners' sugar, for dusting | INSTRUCTIONS: Whisk the flour, cornmeal, baking powder, and salt in a medium bowl. In another bowl, beat the butter with a handheld electric mixer until smooth. Add the sugar, vanilla, and anise to the butter and continue beating until light and fluffy, about 2 minutes more. Add the eggs 1 at a time to the butter mixture and mix until incorporated, about 30 seconds. Stir the flour-cornmeal mixture into the wet ingredients with a wooden spoon or rubber spatula. Divide the dough into 34 (1-inch) balls (3/4-ounce). Arrange the cookies on 2 parchment-lined cookie sheets about 1-inch apart. Make a hole in the ce <END>
INPUT: gratin, raspberries, sugar, raspberry liqueur, eggs, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Raspberry Gratin | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 pounds raspberries; 3/4 cup sugar; 6 tablespoons raspberry liqueur, if desired; 3 large eggs; Pinch of salt; 1/2 cup all-purpose flour | INSTRUCTIONS: Pre-heat oven to 375 degrees. Toss the raspberries with 2 tablespoons of the sugar and the raspberry liqueur if desired. Let sit for 10 minutes. Beat the eggs in a large bowl. Whisk in the salt and 1/2 cup of the sugar, until just blended. Sift the flour into the bowl, whisking it into the mixture just blended. Butter 6 individual gratin dishes. Divide the raspberries among them. Divide the egg mixture among the dishes. Sprinkle with the remaining 2 tbs. sugar. Place on cookie sheet in the oven. Cook for 15 minutes, or until the top has just begun to harden and the center is still creamy. Pass <END>
INPUT: vegetable, soup, low salt chicken, smoked ham hocks, russet potatoes, tomatoes juice, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Smoked Ham, Barley, and Vegetable Soup | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 10 cups canned low-salt chicken broth; 3 pounds smoked ham hocks; 3/4 pound russet potatoes (about 2 medium), peeled, diced; 1 14-ounce can diced tomatoes in juice; 1 medium onion, chopped; 2 medium carrots, peeled, chopped; 1 cup chopped celery; 3/4 cup pearl barley, rinsed; 2 teaspoons dried oregano; 8 ounces fresh green beans, trimmed, cut into 1/2-inch pieces | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring broth and ham hocks to boil in large pot. Cover, reduce heat to medium-low and simmer 15 minutes. Add diced potatoes, tomatoes with juices, onion, carrots, celery, barley, and oregano. Bring to boil. Reduce heat to medium-low; simmer uncovered until meat and barley are tender, about 1 hour. Using tongs, remove ham hocks from soup. Cut meat off bones and chop coarsely. Return meat to soup; discard bones. (Can be prepared 2 days ahead. Refrigerate uncovered until cold, then cover and refrigerate. Bring to simmer before continuing.) Add green beans; simmer until beans are tender, about 15 m <END>
INPUT: soup, vegetable oil, onion, garlic, rosemary
OUTPUT: TITLE: Zucchini and Rosemary Soup | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons (1/4 stick) butter; 1 tablespoon vegetable oil; 1 large onion, chopped; 2 garlic cloves, sliced; 2 teaspoons minced fresh rosemary; 6 cups chicken stock or canned low-salt broth; 1 russet potato, peeled, sliced; 3 medium zucchini, thinly sliced; 1 zucchini, cut into 1/2-inch cubes; Croutons; Chopped green onions | INSTRUCTIONS: Melt butter with oil in heavy large saucepan over medium-high heat. Add onion; sauté until translucent, about 5 minutes. Mix in garlic and rosemary. Add stock and potato; bring to boil. Reduce heat and simmer 10 minutes. Add sliced zucchini; simmer until tender about 15 minutes. Working in batches, puree in blender. Season with salt and pepper. Cook cubed zucchini in saucepan of boiling salted water for 30 seconds. Drain. Rewarm soup over medium heat. Ladle into bowls. Top with zucchini and croutons. Sprinkle with green onions. Melt butter with oil in heavy large saucepan over medium-high heat <END>
INPUT: Asian, sea scallops, each Oriental sesame, rice vinegar, chili paste garlic, soy sauce
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chili Scallops | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound sea scallops, rubbery appendage from the side of each sea scallop removed cornstarch for dusting scallops; 1 tablespoon each of Oriental sesame oil and vegetable oil; 1 tablespoon rice vinegar; 1 tablespoon chili paste with garlic; 2 teaspoons soy sauce; 2 tablespoons snipped chives | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat the sesame and vegetable oils in a skillet over moderate heat. Very lightly dust the scallops with cornstarch and saute them, on one side only until quite crusty on one side. When crusty, put a lid on the skillet and finish steaming the scallops by steaming them without overcooking them. Remove them from skillet and transfer them, browned side on top of the lentils. To the skillet add the rice vinegar, chili paste and 2 teaspoons soy sauce and reduce until syrupy, spoon over the chili scallops and dust with chives. <END>
INPUT: shredded, salad, rice noodles, rice vinegar, sugar, salt, vegetable oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Crispy Shredded Duck and Noodle Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 ounces dried rice-stick noodles (rice vermicelli); 1 1/2 tablespoons rice vinegar (not seasoned); 1 1/2 teaspoons sugar; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 1/4 cup plus 1 tablespoon vegetable oil; 2 (6- to 7-ounce) confit duck legs, meat (with skin attached) removed from bone in large pieces; 1 large shallot, thinly sliced crosswise and separated into rings (1/3 cup); 1 (6-inch) piece seedless cucumber (usually plastic-wrapped), peeled; 1 firm-ripe medium peach or nectarine, halved lengthwise and pitted; 6 large Boston lettuce leaves; 24 fresh mint leaves; 24 fresh cilantro leaves; 18 Thai basil leaves or small Italian basil leaves; Special equipment: a Japanese Benriner or other adjustable-blade slicer; Accompaniment: sweet chile dipping sauce and/or nuoc cham | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook noodles in a 4-quart pot of boiling salted water until just tender, 2 to 3 minutes. Drain in a colander, then rinse under cold water and drain well. Stir together vinegar, sugar, and salt in a bowl until sugar is dissolved, then add noodles and toss well. Heat 1 tablespoon oil in a 10- to 12-inch heavy skillet over moderately high heat until hot but not smoking, then sauté duck pieces, starting with skin sides down and turning occasionally, until skin and meat are crisp, 3 to 5 minutes. Transfer with tongs to a cutting board. (Do not clean skillet.) When duck is cool enough to handle, rem <END>
INPUT: American, thanksgiving, pizza dough, All purpose flour, cornmeal, virgin olive oil, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Thanksgiving Pizza | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound pizza dough; All-purpose flour, for dusting; 1 teaspoon cornmeal; 1 teaspoon extra-virgin olive oil; 1/2 teaspoon sugar; 3/4 cup mashed potatoes; 1/2 cup shredded cheddar cheese; 2 teaspoons whole milk; 1 cup prepared stuffing; 1 roasted turkey or chicken thigh, with skin; 1/4 cup chunky cranberry sauce; 1/4 cup gravy | INSTRUCTIONS: Put a pizza stone or upside-down baking sheet in the oven; preheat to 500 degrees F. Stretch the pizza dough into a 12-inch round on a floured surface. Dust a pizza peel or upside-down baking sheet with 1/2 teaspoon cornmeal and put the dough on top. Brush with the olive oil and sprinkle with the sugar and the remaining 1/2 teaspoon cornmeal. Slide onto the hot pizza stone or baking sheet and bake until golden on the bottom, 5 to 7 minutes. Meanwhile, mix the mashed potatoes with 1/4 cup cheese and the milk in a bowl; set aside. Roll tablespoonfuls of the stuffing into 1-inch balls to look lik <END>
INPUT: mayonnaise, chili powder, cayenne pepper, Kosher salt, skin
OUTPUT: TITLE: Crispy Grilled Chicken Thighs | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/3 cup mayonnaise; 1 tablespoon chili powder; 1/2 teaspoon cayenne pepper; Kosher salt; 8 skin-on, bone-in chicken thighs (about 2 1/4 pounds); Vegetable oil, for brushing; 1 1/2 cups breadcrumbs; 3 large tomatoes, halved crosswise; Freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine the mayonnaise, chili powder, cayenne and 1/2 teaspoon salt in a large bowl. Add the chicken and toss to coat. Cover and refrigerate at least 2 hours or overnight. Preheat a grill to medium low. Brush the grill grates with vegetable oil. Place the breadcrumbs in a shallow dish, then add the chicken, turning to thoroughly coat. Grill the chicken, turning once, until golden brown and cooked through, 20 to 25 minutes per side. Meanwhile, brush the tomatoes with vegetable oil and season with salt and black pepper. Place cut-side down on the grill and cook until marked, about 4 minutes per  <END>
INPUT: fool, florentine, papaya, pineapple, sugar, heavy cream, mint
OUTPUT: TITLE: Papaya Pineapple Fool in Hazelnut Florentine Cups | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup papaya, peeled and cut into 1-inch pieces; 1/2 cup pineapple, cut into 1 inch pieces; 1/2 cup sugar; 1 1/2 cups heavy cream; Fresh mint; 1/2 cup chopped, toasted hazelnuts; 1 stick unsalted butter; 3/4 cup brown sugar; 1/2 cup corn syrup; 1/2 cup ground hazelnuts; 1 cup flour; 1 1/2 cups white chocolate chips | INSTRUCTIONS: For the fool: To a medium saucepan, add the papaya, pineapple and sugar. Cook over low heat, mashing with a fork, for 10 to 15 minutes, or until the mixture is the consistency of a chunky puree. Remove the mixture from the heat and refrigerate until well chilled. Using an electric mixer, whip the heavy cream. Gently fold the heavy cream into the fruit mixture. Refrigerate for several hours. For the hazelnut florentine cups: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. In a food processor, pulse the hazelnuts until they resemble fine crumbs. Be careful not to over grind and create a paste. In a small saucepa <END>
INPUT: mashed, Kosher salt, Olive canola oil, onions, russet potatoes, container sour cream
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sour Cream and Onion Mashed Potatoes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Kosher salt; Olive or canola oil, for boiling potatoes and cooking onions; 4 large onions, chopped; 4 pounds russet potatoes; One 15-ounce container sour cream; 1/2 cup whole milk; 2 tablespoons butter; 1/2 cup chopped fresh chives, plus more for garnish; One 15-ounce bag wavy potato chips, crushed | INSTRUCTIONS: In a stockpot or pasta pot, bring about 2 gallons of water to a boil with a palmful of salt and a splash of oil. Meanwhile, set a large frying pan over high heat, then coat the bottom of the pan with oil. Add the onions with a pinch of salt and cook, working in batches if necessary, until browned, about 2 minutes. Return all the onions to the pan, then turn the heat to medium-low and cover. Continue to cook, stirring frequently, until the onions have turned a deep golden color, about 20 minutes. Peel the potatoes and cut into 1-inch chunks. When the water has come to a full boil, add the potat <END>
INPUT: Asian, vegetable, rolls, groundnut oil, Chinese mushrooms shitake, light soy sauce, five spice powder
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken and Vegetable Spring Rolls | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon groundnut oil (peanut); 1 (7 ounce) skinless chicken breast, cut into pea-sized pieces; 4 dried Chinese mushrooms or dried shitake mushrooms or dried porcini mushrooms, reconstituted in hot water for 20 minutes, drained and finely chopped; 1 tablespoon light soy sauce; 1 tablespoon five-spice powder; 1 teaspoon freshly grated ginger; 3 ounces bean sprouts; 2 large spring onions, finely sliced lengthwise; 1 small carrot, julienned; 1 tablespoon oyster sauce; 1/2 tablespoon light soy sauce; Sea salt and freshly cracked white pepper; 12 large or 24 small spring roll wrappers, thawed, if frozen; 1 tablespoon cornstarch, blended with 1 tablespoon hot water; Groundnut oil, for frying | INSTRUCTIONS: For the filling: Heat a wok over high heat, and pour in the groundnut oil. Add the chicken pieces, and reconstituted mushrooms, and stir-fry for 1 to 2 minutes, then season with the soy sauce and five-spice powder. Remove the contents from the wok, and set them aside to cool for 10 minutes. Clean the wok. Add the ginger, bean sprouts, spring onions, and carrot to a bowl. Then, add the chicken and mushrooms, the oyster, and soy sauces and stir to mix. Season with sea salt, and black pepper, to taste. For the spring rolls: Take 2 spring roll wrappers and lay 1 on top of the other. Cook's Note: T <END>
INPUT: Indian, chicken, want, garlic, water, vegetable oil, coriander seeds
OUTPUT: TITLE: Vegetable Curry (with Chicken, if You Want) | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 5 cloves garlic; 1 (3-inch) chunk peeled, fresh ginger; 1 tablespoon water, plus more as needed; 1/4 cup vegetable oil; 1/2 teaspoon coriander seeds; 1/4 teaspoon cumin seeds; 6 green cardamom pods; 4 whole allspice; 3 whole cloves; 1 (3-inch) long cinnamon stick, broken in 1/2; 1 bay leaf, preferably fresh; 1 medium yellow onion, sliced; 2 teaspoons Madras-style curry powder; 1/2 jalapeno, or more to taste; 1/2 cup whole, peeled, canned tomatoes (with puree), roughly chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: In a small food processor (mini-chopper), combine the garlic, ginger, and 1 tablespoon water and puree to a paste. Heat the oil in a stew pot or Dutch oven over medium-high heat. Add the coriander, cumin, cardamom, allspice, cloves, cinnamon stick, and bay leaf and cook, stirring constantly, until toasted and fragrant and the cinnamon stick unfurls, about 30 seconds. Add the onion and cook, stirring, until lightly browned, about 3 minutes. Add the garlic-ginger paste, curry powder, and jalapeno and cook, stirring, until lightly browned and fragrant, about 1 minute. Add the tomato and cook, sti <END>
INPUT: American, slaw, garlic, mayonnaise, Louisiana style hot, onion, jalapeño
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fried Chicken Sandwich with Slaw and Spicy Mayo | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 garlic clove, finely grated; 1/2 cup mayonnaise; 1 tablespoon Louisiana-style hot pepper sauce; 1/2 small red onion, thinly sliced; 1 jalapeño, thinly sliced; 4 cups thinly sliced cabbage; 1/2 cup bread-and-butter pickle slices, plus 1/4 cup pickle juice; 2 cups all-purpose flour; 1 tablespoon ground black pepper; 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt plus more; 1 cup buttermilk; 2 8-ounces skinless, boneless chicken breasts, halved crosswise; Peanut or vegetable oil (for frying); 4 white sandwich rolls; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, room temperature | INSTRUCTIONS: For spicy mayo and slaw: Mix garlic, mayonnaise, and hot pepper sauce in a small bowl; cover and chill. Toss onion, jalapeño, cabbage, pickles, and pickle juice in a large bowl to combine; cover and chill. Mix garlic, mayonnaise, and hot pepper sauce in a small bowl; cover and chill. Toss onion, jalapeño, cabbage, pickles, and pickle juice in a large bowl to combine; cover and chill. For fried chicken and assembly: Whisk flour, pepper, and 1/2 teaspoon salt in a shallow bowl. Pour buttermilk into another shallow bowl. Working with 1 piece at a time, dredge chicken in flour mixture, shaking off <END>
INPUT: Italian, soup, olive oil, onions, carrot, celery
OUTPUT: TITLE: White Bean and Pasta Soup | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons olive oil; 2 cups chopped onions; 2/3 cup chopped carrot; 2/3 cup chopped celery; 3 1/2 cups (or more) water; 2 to 2 1/2 cups cooked white beans with 3/4 cup reserved cooking liquid (see Cannellini Beans with Garlic and Sage ); 1 large tomato, seeded, finely chopped; 1 cup small pasta (such as farfalline); 1/3 cup chopped green onions (white and pale green parts only; about 2); Extra-virgin olive oil (for drizzling) | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat 3 tablespoons olive oil in heavy large pot over medium heat. Add onions, carrot, and celery. Sauté until all vegetables are soft, about 12 minutes. Add 3 1/2 cups water, beans with cooking liquid, and tomato and bring to simmer. Reduce heat to mediumlow and simmer 25 minutes to blend flavors, stirring occasionally. Mix in pasta; bring to boil. Cook until pasta is just tender but still firm to bite, adding more water to soup by 1/2 cupfuls if very thick, about 10 minutes. Season soup with salt and pepper. Ladle soup into bowls. Sprinkle with chopped green onions, drizzle with extra-virgin  <END>
INPUT: American, scott, hotdog, beefsteak tomatoes, olive oil, wine vinegar, kosher salt, chili flakes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Scott's Beef Hotdog with Gorgonzola, Marinated Tomatoes, Grilled Onion and Frisee | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 beefsteak tomatoes, sliced paper-thin; 1 tablespoon olive oil; 1 teaspoon red wine vinegar; 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt; Pinch chili flakes; 1 clove garlic, smashed; 1 sprig fresh thyme, leaves picked; 1 Vidalia onion, peeled, sliced 1/8-inch thick; Olive oil; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 6 all-natural beef hot dogs; 6 potato hot dog buns; 4 ounces gorgonzola cheese, cut into small cubes; 1 head frisee lettuce, dark green leaves discarded, light leaves separated and washed in ice water; Olive oil, for drizzling | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the grill to medium-high heat. For the tomatoes: Lay the tomatoes out on a large flat dish. Whisk together the oil, vinegar, salt, chili flakes, garlic and thyme leaves. Pour over the tomatoes and let sit for 1 to 2 hours. For the grilled onions: Rub the onions with a little olive oil and sprinkle with salt and black pepper. Grill until charred on each side, 4 to 6 minutes. Remove from the grill and reserve. For the hot dogs: Grill the hotdogs until hot and crispy, 3 to 5 minutes. Toast the buns on the grill, 1 to 2 minutes. For assembly: Line the tomatoes on one side of the buns, and  <END>
INPUT: Asian, soup, dashi, maitake mushrooms, tamari, honey, organic miso
OUTPUT: TITLE: Maitake Miso Soup | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 5 cups dashi; 2 cups maitake mushrooms, prepped; 1 teaspoon tamari; 1 teaspoon honey; 1/4 cup organic miso (yellow, shinshu-miso); 2 slices peeled ginger; 1 tablespoon sliced green scallions; 4 (1/4-inch) slices of soft tofu | INSTRUCTIONS: In a small sauce pan, add 1 cup dashi with the tamari and honey. Bring to a simmer and braise the maitakes for 2 minutes only. Pull off heat and let stand. In another sauce pan, whisk together the remaining 4 cups of dashi with the miso and ginger. Bring to a simmer over medium heat for 5 minutes. Remove ginger and keep hot. Plating: In 4 warmed soup bowls, place a slice of tofu and top with strained maitakes. Ladle soup on top and garnish with scallions. Beverage: Green Tea <END>
INPUT: Mexican, cranberry, salsa, bell pepper, poblano chili, sugar, orange juice, cranberries
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cranberry, Orange and Cilantro Salsa | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 red bell pepper; 1 fresh poblano chili; 1/2 cup sugar; 1/4 cup orange juice; 2 cups cranberries, coarsely chopped; 1/4 cup chopped toasted hazelnuts; 2 tablespoons grated orange peel; 1/3 cup chopped fresh cilantro | INSTRUCTIONS: Char red bell pepper and fresh poblano chili over gas flame or in broiler until blackened on all sides. Enclose pepper and chili in paper bag. Let stand 10 minutes to steam. Peel, seed and chop pepper and chili. Mix sugar and orange juice in heavy large saucepan over medium heat, stirring until sugar dissolves. Remove from heat. Mix in chopped cranberries. Transfer mixture to large bowl. Cool to room temperature. Mix roasted pepper and chili, chopped hazelnuts and grated orange peel into salsa. (Can be prepared 1 day ahead. Cover and refrigerate.) Mix in cilantro into salsa. Season to taste wi <END>
INPUT: smoky, racks baby back, bourbon whiskey, each salt, each garlic powder, Barbecue sauce
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sweet and Smoky Baby Back Ribs | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 racks baby back ribs (2 1/2 to 3 pounds); 1 cup bourbon whiskey; 1 tablespoon each salt, pepper, paprika, brown sugar; 1 teaspoon each garlic powder and onion powder; Barbecue sauce, of choice; 2 cups wood chips, preferably whiskey barrel chips or hickory chips, soaked in 2 cups beer for 1 hour, then drained | INSTRUCTIONS: Remove the thin papery skin on the back of each rack of the ribs or ask your butcher to do it. (Pull it off in a sheet with your fingers, using a corner of a dish towel to gain a secure grip.) Place the ribs in a roasting pan and pour the bourbon over them. Let marinate in the refrigerator for 1/2 hour, turning the ribs several times. Meanwhile, combine the ingredients for the rub in a bowl and stir to mix. Pour off and discard the bourbon. Sprinkle the ribs on both sides with 2/3 of the rub, patting it in with your fingers. Let the ribs marinate for 30 minutes, while you light your grill. Set <END>
INPUT: glaze, balsamic vinegar, honey, currants, cayenne pepper, duck breasts
OUTPUT: TITLE: Duck Breast with Balsamic Vinegar Glaze | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup balsamic vinegar; 2 tablespoons honey; 1/4 cup dried currants; 1/4 teaspoon cayenne pepper; 4 whole duck breasts, approximately 6 to 8 ounces each; Salt and freshly ground black pepper to taste; 3 tablespoons pine nuts, toasted 4 minutes in a 250 degree oven | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine the balsamic vinegar, honey, currants and cayenne in a small pot. Bring to a boil, reduce to a simmer and reduce by half to form a thick, syrupy glaze. Remove from the heat and set aside. With the point of a knife, score the skin side of the duck breasts in a crosshatch pattern, being careful not to pierce the flesh. Season the duck breasts with the salt and pepper. Heat a saute pan over medium heat 2 minutes before adding the breasts, skin-side down. Cook over medium to low heat approximately 6 to 8 minutes to render the fat. Carefully remove the excess fat from the saute pan, then tu <END>
INPUT: Mexican, tacos, corn tortillas, egg, milk, water, all purpose flour
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fish Tacos with Roasted Tomatillo Salsa | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 12 to 16 corn tortillas; 1 large egg; 1/4 cup milk; 1/4 cup water; 1/2 cup all-purpose flour; 2 teaspoons Southwestern Essence, plus more for dusting; 1/2 teaspoon baking powder; 2 pounds firm white fish, cut into 4 by 1 by 1/4-inch strips; 4 cups vegetable oil, for frying; 4 cups very thinly shaved mixed white and red cabbage; 2 tablespoons sour cream; 1/2 lime, juiced, plus more for serving; 1/2 teaspoon ground cumin; 1 recipe Roasted Tomatillo Salsa, recipe follows; 1 cup chopped fresh cilantro leaves, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Wrap the tortillas in aluminum foil and place in the oven until soft and pliant, about 12 minutes. Remove and keep wrapped until ready to use. In a large pot or deep fryer, heat the oil to 350 degrees F over high heat. In a large bowl, beat the egg with the milk and water. Add the flour, Essence, and baking powder, and whisk to make a thin batter. Dip the fish in the batter, turning to coat, and shake to remove any excess. Fry in batches in the oil until golden and crisp, about 1 1/2 to 2 minutes. Remove, drain on paper towels, and season lightly with the Ess <END>
INPUT: Italian, wine, Kosher salt, spaghetti, virgin olive oil, garlic, shallot
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spicy Red-Wine Spaghetti | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: Kosher salt; 1 pound spaghetti; 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 3 large cloves garlic, chopped; 1 large shallot, halved, thinly sliced into strips; 1/2 teaspoon dried crushed red pepper; One 750ml bottle zinfandel; 1 tablespoon tomato paste; 1 tablespoon butter; 1/4 cup fresh flat-leaf parsley leaves, chopped; 4 ounces coarsely crumbled goat cheese | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring a large pot of salted water to the boil. Add the pasta and cook for 6 minutes, stirring pasta occasionally, until par-cooked. Drain and reserve the pasta water. In a 12-inch nonstick skillet, heat the olive oil over medium-high heat. Add the garlic, shallots, crushed red pepper flakes and 1 teaspoon salt. Cook until the garlic becomes fragrant, 1 to 2 minutes. Add the wine and tomato paste. Bring to a simmer over medium-high heat. Reduce the heat to medium and simmer gently for 3 minutes. Add the pasta to the skillet. Cook, stirring frequently, until almost all of the wine is absorbed an <END>
INPUT: virgin olive oil, onion, celery, Kosher salt, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sausage, Apple, and Walnut Stuffing | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Extra-virgin olive oil; 1 large onion, finely diced; 3 ribs celery, finely diced; Kosher salt; 3 cloves garlic, smashed and finely diced; 1 pound spicy sausage, casing removed, broken up into bite-size chunks; 3 Granny Smith apples, peeled, cored, and cut into 1-inch dice; 1 cup apple cider; 1/2 bunch sage, leaves finely chopped; 3/4 cup coarsely chopped walnuts; 10 cups stale rustic bread, crusts discarded, cut into 1-inch cubes; or fresh bread slices toasted until crispy but no color, cut into 1-inch cubes; 2 to 3 cups chicken stock | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Coat a large saute pan, over medium heat, with olive oil and add the onions and celery. Season with salt and cook until the veggies start to become soft and are very aromatic. Add the garlic and cook for another 1 to 2 minutes. Add the sausage and cook until the sausage browns. Stir in the apples and apple cider and cook until the apples start to soften, about 3 to 4 minutes. Sprinkle in the sage leaves and the walnuts and turn off the heat. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Add the diced bread and toss together. Pour in the chicken stock and knead with your han <END>
INPUT: stock, chicken breasts, chicken wings, onion, carrots, celery leaves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Homemade Chicken Stock | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound bone-in chicken breasts; 1 pound chicken wings; 1 large yellow onion, diced; 2 carrots, scrubbed and diced; 2 ribs celery with leaves, diced; 4 sprigs fresh parsley; 3 cloves garlic; 1 bay leaf; 1 tablespoon kosher salt; 2 teaspoons black peppercorns; 8 cups filtered water | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine the chicken breasts and wings, onions, carrots, celery, parsley, garlic, bay leaf, salt and peppercorns in a large stockpot. Add the water and bring to a boil over high heat. Reduce a gentle simmer and cook, uncovered, for 1 1/2 hours, stirring occasionally. Strain the contents of the pot through a fine-mesh strainer and discard the solids. Transfer the stock to containers; let cool, then refrigerate. Once the stock has chilled, remove the fat that has congealed on the surface. Use immediately or freeze for up to 3 months. <END>
INPUT: garlic, olive oil, escarole, cannellini beans
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sauteed Escarole with Garlic and Cannellini Beans | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 garlic cloves, sliced; 4 tablespoons olive oil; 2 pounds escarole, trimmed, cut into bite-size pieces, rinsed well, and spun dry; 1 can cannellini beans, rinsed and drained | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large skillet start the garlic in cold oil over moderately high heat, stirring, until it is golden. To the skillet add the escarole, and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Saute the mixture, stirring, for 1 minute. Cook the mixture, covered, over moderately low heat for 4 minutes, or until the escarole is tender, stir in the cannellini beans. Heat through.; <END>
INPUT: American, savoury, oil, shallots, garlic, bacon, Swiss chard
OUTPUT: TITLE: Savoury Swiss Chard Tart | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon oil; 2 shallots, minced; 1 clove garlic, minced; 4 ounces bacon, cut into lardons; 1 1/2 pounds Swiss chard, ribs removed; 3 eggs; 1 cup creme fraiche or heavy cream and sour cream combined; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 4 ounces Gruyere cheese, grated; Handful raisins; Handful roasted pine nuts; 1 deep tart shell, pre-baked in a 9-inch springform pan or a frozen deep dish pie dough, thawed | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Heat the oil in a saute pan and fry the shallots until soft and translucent. Add the garlic and saute for 1 minute. Remove to a plate. In the same pan, fry the bacon until the fat has rendered and the lardons are crispy. Remove to the plate with the shallots. Divide the chard leaves from the ribs: chop the ribs quite small and shred the leaves. First, fry the ribs in the bacon fat until tender. Beat the eggs together with the creme fraiche, and season with salt, and pepper. In a large bowl, toss the shallots, bacon, chard stems and leaves, cheese, raisins, an <END>
INPUT: heavy cream, fennel seeds, milk, sugar, egg yolks
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fennel Ice Cream | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 2/3 cups heavy cream; 2 teaspoons fennel seeds, crushed; 1 cup whole milk; 3/4 cup sugar, divided; 4 large egg yolks; Equipment: an ice cream maker | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring cream and fennel seeds just to a simmer in a small heavy saucepan, then cover and let steep about 30 minutes. Meanwhile, bring milk, 1/2 cup sugar, and a pinch of salt to a simmer in a heavy medium saucepan over medium heat, stirring. Whisk together yolks and remaining 1/4 cup sugar in a large bowl, then add milk mixture in a slow stream, whisking. Return mixture to medium saucepan and cook, stirring with a wooden spoon, until mixture coats back of spoon and registers 175°F on an instant-read thermometer (do not let boil). Immediately strain custard through a fine-mesh sieve into a metal <END>
INPUT: Mexican, tapas, mushrooms, parsley leaves, garlic, chorizo sausage, virgin olive oil, tenderloin sirloin beef
OUTPUT: TITLE: 3 Tasty Tapas: Sherry-Garlic Beef, Sherry-Garlic Mushrooms, Grilled Chorizo | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup parsley leaves, a couple of handfuls; 8 cloves garlic, cracked away from skins; 1 pound chorizo sausage, casings removed; 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 1 1/2 pounds tenderloin or sirloin of beef, well trimmed, cut into bite sized pieces; Coarse salt and pepper; 24 medium to large mushroom caps; 1 cup dry sherry | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat a grill pan over medium high heat. Place parsley and garlic in food processor and chop. Heat a large, heavy skillet over high heat. Cut chorizo on an angle in 1/2-inch slices. Grill 2 minutes on each side. Transfer to a serving dish. To the hot skillet, add about 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, 2 turns of the pan. Add meat and sear the pieces on all sides to caramelize it evenly. Add half of the garlic and parsley mixture to the pan. Turn to coat the meat. Season meat with salt and pepper. Add 1/2 cup sherry and turn the meat in the wine as it deglazes the pan. Transfer to a serv <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, salad, dressing, crumbled feta cheese, lemon juice, water, mayonnaise, olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spinach Salad with Bacon, Dates, and Feta Dressing | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 1/3 cup crumbled feta cheese (about 2 ounces); 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice; 2 1/2 tablespoons water; 1 tablespoon mayonnaise; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 3 slices bacon, chopped; 1 bunch fresh spinach (about 3/4 pound), stems discarded and leaves washed well, spun dry, and torn into bite-size pieces; 1/2 medium red onion, sliced thin; 1/3 cup pitted dates, chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: Make feta dressing: In a blender blend together feta, lemon juice, water, and mayonnaise until smooth. With motor running add oil and blend until emulsified. In a blender blend together feta, lemon juice, water, and mayonnaise until smooth. With motor running add oil and blend until emulsified. In a small skillet cook bacon over moderate heat, stirring, until crisp and transfer with a slotted spoon to paper towels to drain. In a large bowl toss together spinach, bacon, onion, and dates with feta dressing. In a small skillet cook bacon over moderate heat, stirring, until crisp and transfer with <END>
INPUT: everything, blanched almonds, hazelnuts, butter, hot sauce, grill seasoning
OUTPUT: TITLE: Everything Roasted Nuts | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup whole blanched almonds; 1 cup hazelnuts; 2 tablespoons butter; 1 tablespoon hot sauce, eyeball it; 1 tablespoon grill seasoning (recommended: Montreal Steak Seasoning by McCormick); 1 1/2 teaspoons ground cumin; 2 cups smoked almonds (recommended: Diamond Smokehouse Almonds); 1 teaspoon poppy seeds; 1 tablespoon sesame seeds | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. Place blanched almonds and hazelnuts on a cookie sheet and roast 7 to 8 minutes; your nose will know when they're done. Melt butter in small skillet with hot sauce, grill seasoning, and cumin. Remove from heat. Remove toasted nuts from oven and drizzle with butter and spices. Add smoked nuts and seeds to the cookie sheet and toss Everything Nuts to combine. Transfer nuts to a serving dish. Serve warm. <END>
INPUT: Asian, vegetable oil, ginger, reduced sodium soy, lemon juice, sesame oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Scallion Fish with Sesame Kale | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1 teaspoon vegetable oil; 1 tablespoon finely chopped peeled ginger, plus four 1/2"-thick slices; 1 tablespoon reduced-sodium soy sauce; 2 teaspoons fresh lemon juice; 1/2 teaspoon toasted sesame oil; Pinch of sugar; 2 scallions, white and green parts separated, thinly sliced; 6 sprigs cilantro, leaves and stems separated; 2 5-ounce skin-on firm white fish fillets (such as branzino); Kosher salt; 1 tablespoon vegetable oil; 1 garlic clove, thinly sliced; 1 bunch Tuscan kale, center ribs and stems removed, cut into 1" strips; 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt plus more; 1/2 cup kimchi, chopped (optional) | INSTRUCTIONS: For fish: Heat vegetable oil in a small skillet over medium-high heat. Add 1 tablespoon chopped ginger and cook, stirring, until fragrant, about 1 minute. Transfer ginger to a small bowl; mix in soy sauce, lemon juice, sesame oil, and sugar. Set sauce aside. Line a large steamer basket with scallion whites, cilantro stems, and sliced ginger. Set scallion greens and cilantro leaves aside. Using a small knife, score skin side of fish at 1" intervals; season with salt and place in steamer, skin side up. Set steamer in a large pot filled with 1" of simmering water and cover; steam fish until cooke <END>
INPUT: Asian, each lobsters, Lemongrass Lobster Broth, Juice lemon, Salt pepper taste, Canola oil cook
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pan Seared Lobster with Lemongrass Broth Shiitake Truffle Flan | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 4 each 1 1/2 pound whole lobsters; 3 cups Lemongrass Lobster Broth, recipe follows; Juice of 1/2 a lemon; Salt and white pepper to taste; Canola oil to cook; Bok Choy Fondue, recipe follows; Shiitake Truffle Flan, recipe follows; 4 each uncooked lobster heads* (See Cook's Note); 1 sliced fennel; 1 sliced red onion; 1 sliced carrot; 1 stalk celery; 6 stalks lemongrass, white part only, pounded; 2 slices ginger; 1 cup chardonnay | INSTRUCTIONS: Place live lobsters in the freezer to numb, then quickly slice head in half. Separate claws, tail and knuckles. Save heads for stock. Cut tail in half, leaving the end attached. Place claws in a bowl and pour boiling salted water over them and let stand for five minutes. Place knuckles in for the last 3 minutes. Strain lobster and immediately plunge into an ice bath. Deshell lobster which is not fully cooked. In a hot saute pan, coat with oil and saute seasoned tail, feeler side down. Cook both sides, about 5 minutes, then add claws. Deglaze with stock, add lemon juice and check for seasoning. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, herb, salsa, Dijon mustard, lemon juice, thyme, rosemary, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Herb-Grilled Salmon with Papaya-Chile Salsa | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard; 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh thyme; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh rosemary; 1/2 teaspoon ground black pepper; Four 4-ounce salmon steaks, about 1-inch thick; 2 serrano chile peppers; 1 1/2 cups diced fresh papaya; 2 tablespoons minced red onion | INSTRUCTIONS: To prepare the salmon, in a small bowl, combine mustard, lemon juice, thyme, rosemary, and pepper. Brush mixture all over both sides of salmon steaks and transfer salmon to a large, shallow baking dish. Cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate 30 minutes, or up to 4 hours. Preheat grill or broiler. Place salmon steaks on grill or under broiler and cook 4 minutes per side, or until fork-tender and cooked through. To make the salsa, place chile peppers on hot grill or under broiler and cook 4 minutes, turning frequently, until charred on all sides. Wrap peppers in plastic wrap and let stand 5 min <END>
INPUT: low salt chicken, beef broth, ruby Port, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mushroom-Stuffed Pork Tenderloin with Celery Root Mashed Potatoes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup canned low-salt chicken broth; 1 cup canned beef broth; 1/2 cup ruby Port; 2 teaspoons minced garlic; 6 tablespoons (3/4 stick) butter; 1/4 cup chopped shallots; 8 ounces shiitake mushrooms, stemmed, finely chopped; 1 1/2 cups chopped leek (white and pale green parts only); 1/2 cup whipping cream; 2 1 1/4-pound pork tenderloins (from center or thick end), trimmed, each cut crosswise in half; 2 1/2 tablespoons chopped fresh marjoram or 2 1/2 teaspoons dried; 1 tablespoon olive oil; Celery Root Mashed Potatoes | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 400°F. Combine both broths, Port and garlic in heavy small saucepan. Boil until sauce is reduced to 3/4 cup, about 20 minutes. Set aside. Meanwhile, melt 2 tablespoons butter in large skillet over medium-high heat. Add shallots and sauté until translucent, about 1 minute. Add mushrooms and leek and sauté until tender, about 6 minutes. Stir in cream. Cook mixture until vegetables are soft and most of cream is absorbed, about 5 minutes. Cool. Insert handle of wooden spoon lengthwise into cut end of each tenderloin, forming 1/2- to 3/4-inch-diameter hole. Transfer mushroom mixture <END>
INPUT: Asian, dipping, sauces, sesame seeds, water, low sodium soy, rice vinegar, Asian sesame oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Asian Chicken Hot Pot with Sesame and Garlic Dipping Sauces | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup sesame seeds; 1/4 cup water; 2 tablespoons low-sodium soy sauce; 1 tablespoon rice vinegar (not seasoned); 1 1/2 teaspoons Asian sesame oil; 1 teaspoon peanut butter; 1/2 teaspoon minced peeled ginger; 1/2 teaspoon sugar; 1/8 teaspoon hot red-pepper flakes; 2 tablespoons low-sodium soy sauce; 2 tablespoons water; 1 1/2 tablespoons finely grated garlic; 1 1/2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 1/2 teaspoon sugar; 3 cups reduced-sodium chicken broth | INSTRUCTIONS: Make Sesame sauce: Toast sesame seeds. Purée in a blender with remaining ingredients until smooth. Toast sesame seeds. Purée in a blender with remaining ingredients until smooth. Make Garlic Sauce: Stir together all ingredients until sugar has dissolved. Stir together all ingredients until sugar has dissolved. Make broth: Bring broth, water, garlic, and ginger to a boil in a small saucepan. Discard ginger. Keep at a brisk simmer. Bring broth, water, garlic, and ginger to a boil in a small saucepan. Discard ginger. Keep at a brisk simmer. To cook: Simmer chicken, tofu, noodles, and vegetables i <END>
INPUT: Mexican, nachos, monterey, chicken thighs, lime juiceb, light olive oil, ancho chile powder, Worcestershire sauce
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Chipotle Honey-Glazed Chicken Nachos with Monterey Jack Cheese Sauce, Avocado Relish and Cha | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 8 boneless chicken thighs; 1/2 cup lime juiceb; 1/2 cup light olive oil; 2 tablespoons ancho chile powder; 2 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce; 1 tablespoon ground cumin; 1 tablespoon minced garlic; 2 teaspoons black pepper; 1 cup honey; 1/4 cup canola oil; 4 tablespoons ancho chile powder; 2 to 3 tablespoons pureed canned chipotle chiles in adobo; 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard; 2 teaspoons ground coriander; 2 teaspoons ground cumin | INSTRUCTIONS: For the chicken and marinade: Place the chicken thighs in a bowl. Whisk together the lime juice, olive oil, ancho chili powder, Worcestershire sauce, cumin, garlic and black pepper in a small bowl and pour over the chicken. Cover the chicken and refrigerate overnight. For the chipotle honey sauce: Whisk together the honey, canola oil, ancho chile powder, chipotles, mustard, ground coriander, ground cumin and Spanish paprika. Season with salt and pepper and set aside. Preheat the grill to medium-high heat. Sprinkle the chicken well with salt and pepper and place the chicken thighs on the grill  <END>
INPUT: salad, arugula, lemon, virgin olive oil, Coarse salt, chunk Parmigiano
OUTPUT: TITLE: Bresaola Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 8 cups arugula; 1 lemon, juiced; Extra-virgin olive oil, for drizzling; Coarse salt; A small chunk Parmigiano, 1/3 pound minimum; 1 pound bresaola (cured beef, like prosciutto) available at deli counter; 1 can artichoke hearts in water, drained; 4 sprigs rosemary; A handful flat-leaf parsley; 1/2 cup caper berries, drained; Aged balsamic vinegar, for drizzling (look for 6 plus years of age, widely available in many markets) | INSTRUCTIONS: Place arugula in a bowl and dress with lemon juice, extra-virgin olive oil and salt. Divide the arugula among dinner plates or place on a serving platter and mound the greens up. Use a vegetable peeler to shred some cheese on top of the arugula. Arrange the meat in a thin layer all around the plate, draping it over the arugula. The plates or platter should look like a mound of beef. Thinly slice the artichokes, finely chop rosemary and parsley and slice the caper berries. Decoratively arrange the artichokes, chopped herbs and capers all over the meat. Drizzle the completed salad with aged bals <END>
INPUT: twice, russet potatoes, vegetable oil, sour cream, unsalted butter, chives
OUTPUT: TITLE: Twice-Baked Potatoes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 large russet potatoes; 2 tablespoons vegetable oil; 1/2 cup sour cream; 1/4 cup unsalted butter; 1/4 cup finely chopped fresh chives; 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh tarragon (if desired); Salt; Pepper; Chives, bacon, cheddar, chili if desired | INSTRUCTIONS: Place a rack in middle of oven; preheat to 425°. Poke 4 large russet potatoes all over with a fork; rub with 2 tablespoons vegetable oil. Bake directly on oven rack until very soft when squeezed and skins are crisp, 50–60 minutes. Let cool just until you can hold them. Using a serrated knife, slice potatoes in half lengthwise and scoop flesh into a medium bowl. Add 1/2 cup sour cream, 1/4 cup unsalted butter, 1/4 cup finely chopped fresh chives, and 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh tarragon (if desired); season generously with salt and pepper. Divide among 4 potato skin halves, piling gloriou <END>
INPUT: Swiss Chard, virgin olive oil, oil cured olives, garlic, lemon juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Swiss Chard with Olives and Lemon | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 large bunches Swiss Chard (about 2 1/4 pounds total); 5 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, divided; 1/3 cup quartered pitted oil-cured black olives (2 to 3 ounces); 2 garlic cloves, crushed; 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice | INSTRUCTIONS: Cut stem from center of each chard leaf. Slice stems crosswise into 1/4-inch pieces; place in medium bowl. Cut leaves crosswise into 1 1/2-inch-wide strips. Bring large pot of water to boil; salt generously. Add chard stems; cook until just tender, 3 to 4 minutes. Add chard leaves. Cook until just tender, stirring occasionally, about 2 minutes. Drain in large colander, pressing out any water. DO AHEAD: Can be made 2 hours ahead. Let stand in colander at room temperature. Heat 4 tablespoons oil in heavy large skillet over medium heat. Add olives and garlic. Sauté until fragrant, about 2 minutes <END>
INPUT: salad, spinach, bacon fried crisp, mushrooms, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Classic Spinach Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 bunch fresh spinach, washed, stems removed, torn into bite-sized pieces; 4 ounces of bacon fried crisp, drained, crumbled, if desired or 2 chopped hard boiled eggs; 4 large white mushrooms, sliced; 1/4 small red onion, sliced thin | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large bowl toss together the spinach, crumbled bacon, if using or eggs, mushrooms and red onion. Top with your favorite vinaigrette. <END>
INPUT: greek, vinaigrette, olive oil, lemon juice, shallot, garlic, oregano
OUTPUT: TITLE: Greek Potatoes with Lemon Vinaigrette | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cups olive oil; 6 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 1 large shallot, chopped; 2 cloves garlic, chopped; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh oregano, or 1 tablespoon dried; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh Italian parsley, plus more for garnish; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 3 pounds large russet potatoes, cleaned, each cut lengthwise into 6 wedges; 1/2 cup chicken stock or canned low-sodium chicken broth | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 425 degrees F. Whisk olive oil, lemon juice, shallots, garlic, oregano, and parsley in a medium bowl to blend; season with salt and pepper. Toss potatoes with 1/2 cup vinaigrette on a heavy, large, rimmed baking sheet. Reserve the remaining vinaigrette. Pour chicken stock around potatoes and season potatoes with salt and pepper. Roast potatoes until tender and golden brown, turning occasionally, about 45 minutes. Transfer to a serving platter and drizzle with the remaining vinaigrette and more chopped parsley. <END>
INPUT: kelsey, brittle, sugar, honey, crunchy peanut butter, pure vanilla extract, popped popcorn
OUTPUT: TITLE: Kelsey's Chocolate Popcorn Brittle | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup sugar; 1/2 cup honey; 1/2 cup crunchy peanut butter; 1/2 teaspoon pure vanilla extract; 10 cups popped popcorn; Salt, optional; 6 ounces semisweet chocolate, melted; 6 ounces white chocolate, melted; 1 cup salted pretzels, crushed | INSTRUCTIONS: Mix the sugar and honey in a small saucepan and bring to a boil. Let simmer for 2 minutes. Remove from the heat and mix in the crunchy peanut butter. Continue to stir until the peanut butter is smooth, and then add the vanilla. In a large mixing bowl, add the popped popcorn. If desired, lightly salt the popcorn. Pour the warm peanut butter mixture over the popcorn and stir with a long-handled wooden spoon until completely coated. On a baking sheet lined with wax paper, pour the coated popcorn and distribute evenly. Drizzle with the melted semisweet chocolate, and then drizzle with the white ch <END>
INPUT: relish, cups, sized Mexican Hawaiian, mango, onion, sized beefsteak tomato, crab boil seasoning
OUTPUT: TITLE: Jumbo Shrimp with Mango Papaya Relish in Butter Lettuce Cups | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 medium-sized Mexican or Hawaiian papaya, diced; 1 large mango, semiripe; 1/2 small red onion, diced small; 1medium-sized beefsteak tomato, diced; 1 teaspoon crab boil seasoning (recommended: Old Bay); 1 handful fresh cilantro leaves, coarsely chopped; 2 tablespoons freshly squeezed orange juice; Olive oil; 1 1/2 pounds jumbo fresh shrimp, or frozen and thawed, peeled (tail off) cut in half; 1/2 teaspoon red pepper flakes; 1 package butter lettuce | INSTRUCTIONS: In a medium-sized bowl, use a rubber spatula to mix the papaya, mango, red onion, tomato, 1/2 teaspoon crab boil seasoning, cilantro, and orange juice until incorporated. In a 10 or 12-inch skillet over medium-high heat, add 2 tablespoons of olive oil. In a medium-sized mixing bowl add the chopped shrimp and remaining 1/2 teaspoon of crab boil seasoning and a 1/2 teaspoon of red pepper flakes. Use a rubber spatula to mix until incorporated. Transfer the shrimp to the skillet and cook through. If the shrimp is raw cook 3 to 5 minutes, or cook until hot if the shrimp were pre-cooked, about 1 to  <END>
INPUT: focaccia, envelope active yeast, sugar, lukewarm milk, all purpose flour, virgin olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Potato Focaccia | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 envelope active dry yeast; 1 1/2 teaspoons sugar; 1 cup lukewarm whole milk; 2 1/4 cups all-purpose flour, plus more for dusting work surface; 1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil; 3/4 teaspoon salt, preferably gray salt; 1 tablespoon extra virgin olive oil; 3/4 cup diced pancetta or bacon (about 1/4 pound, cut in 1/2-inch dice); 1 1/2 cups peeled and diced, new or russet potatoes (about 1/2 pound, cut in 1/2-inch dice); 2 teaspoons finely chopped fresh rosemary leaves; Gray salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 teaspoon freshly grated lemon zest; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, to coat the baking sheet and the dough | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine the yeast, sugar, and milk in the bowl of a heavy-duty mixer fitted with a dough hook. Add 1/2 cup of the flour. Stir well, cover with a towel, and let rest in a warm place for 25 minutes. Mix in the olive oil, salt, and 1 cup of flour, until well incorporated. Add the remaining flour, 1/4 cup at a time, until the dough adheres to the hook. It should remain soft and slightly sticky. Continue mixing for about 6 minutes, or until the dough is smooth and elastic. Remove from the bowl, shape the dough into a ball, flatten slightly, and put into an oiled bowl. Turn to coat. Cover the bowl w <END>
INPUT: broccolini, olive oil, pepper flakes, Kosher salt pepper, lemon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Broccolini | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 large bunch broccolini; 2 tablespoons olive oil; Red pepper flakes; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1/2 lemon; Shaved Parmesan, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the grill to medium-high heat. Toss the broccolini, olive oil, pinch of red pepper flakes, salt and pepper, to taste, together on a sheet tray. Place the broccolini on the hot grill and cook, while turning, until tender and slightly charred, 7 to 8 minutes. Place on a platter and add a squeeze of lemon and shaved Parmesan. <END>
INPUT: salad, field, bitter greens, salt, virgin olive oil, Juice lemons
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tomato Salad with Field Greens | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 bunches bitter greens, such as dandelion, amaranth, escarole, chard, spinach or watercress; 2 to 3 teaspoons salt; 2/3 cup extra virgin olive oil; Juice of 2 lemons; 1 teaspoon salt; 3/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 2 large or 3 medium ripe tomatoes, cored; 1 large chunk (about 8 ounces) aged Parmesan cheese | INSTRUCTIONS: Wash the greens well and trim and discard any tough stems. Bring a very large pot of water to a boil and add 2 to 3 teaspoons salt. (A large quantity of water is the key to avoiding bitterness.) Have ready a large bowl of iced water. Add the greens to the rapidly boiling water and cook 2 to 3 minutes, until tender but not mushy. Drain in a colander, shaking off excess water and then plunge the hot greens into the iced water. When the greens are cool, remove any ice from the surface and drain in a colander again. Then squeeze out any excess water and place in a bowl in the refrigerator. Mix tog <END>
INPUT: tart, refrigerated pie crust, raspberry preserves, heavy whipping cream, bittersweet chocolate chips, assorted nuts
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate-Nut Tart with Dried Fruit | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 refrigerated pie crust (half of 15-ounce package); 1/4 cup raspberry preserves; 1/2 cup heavy whipping cream; 12 ounces bittersweet chocolate chips; 1 cup assorted nuts (such as pecans, sliced almonds, pistachios, and hazelnuts), toasted , coarsely chopped; 1 cup assorted dried fruit (such as cherries, golden raisins, cranberries, and blueberries); Large pinch of coarse kosher salt; 1/3 cup toffee bits, such as Skor(for garnish) | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 450°F. Press pie crust onto bottom and up sides of 10-inch-diameter tart pan with removable bottom; trim edges, if needed. Pierce crust all over with fork. Bake until deep golden brown, about 12 minutes. Cool. Spread preserves over bottom of crust. Bring cream to simmer in heavy medium saucepan. Reduce heat to low; add chocolate chips and stir until melted and smooth. Remove from heat. Stir in nuts, fruit, and coarse salt. Spread chocolate mixture in crust. Sprinkle toffee bits over tart. Chill until set, about 2 hours. Serve cold or at room temperature. Preheat oven to 450°F.  <END>
INPUT: olive oil, onion, sweet Italian sausages, Roasted Bosc Pears, pecans
OUTPUT: TITLE: Rack of Venison Stuffed with Pecans, Currants, Sausage, and Pears | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 5 tablespoons olive oil, divided; 1 cup chopped onion; 4 ounces sweet Italian sausages, casings removed; Roasted Bosc Pears; 1/2 cup pecans, toasted; 1/3 cup dried currants; 1 teaspoon chopped fresh rosemary; 1 2 1/2-pound rack of venison, frenched (8 bones); 2 medium onions, thinly sliced; 2 heads of garlic, cloves separated, root ends trimmed, unpeeled; 6 fresh rosemary sprigs; 1 bunch fresh thyme | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat 1 tablespoon oil in medium skillet over medium heat. Add chopped onion; sauté until translucent, about 7 minutes. Add sausages. Sauté until brown, breaking up with spoon, about 5 minutes. Using slotted spoon, transfer mixture to medium bowl, then add pears, pecans, currants, and chopped rosemary. Season with salt and pepper. (Can be made 4 hours ahead. Cover and chill.) Using long thin knife, make 1 cut through center of eye of venison. Rotate knife 90 degrees and insert again, creating an X through center. Insert handle of long wooden spoon through X; roll handle to create 1- to 2-inch-d <END>
INPUT: packages McCormick® Turkey, flour, water, turkey pan drippings, turkey giblets
OUTPUT: TITLE: Perfect Turkey Gravy | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 packages McCormick® Turkey Gravy Mix; 1/4 cup flour; 3 cups water; 1 cup turkey pan drippings or turkey broth; 1 cup chopped cooked turkey giblets (optional) | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. Mix Gravy Mix and flour in large saucepan. Gradually stir in water and turkey drippings with wire whisk until smooth. Stir in chopped turkey giblets, if desired. 2. Stirring frequently, cook on medium-high heat until gravy comes to boil. Reduce heat to low; simmer 5 minutes or until thickened, stirring occasionally. (Gravy will continue to thicken upon standing.) Sage & Citrus Perfect Turkey Gravy: Prepare as directed, decreasing water to 2 cups. Stir 1 tablespoon orange or lemon juice and 1/2 teaspoon McCormick® Rubbed Sage into Gravy Mix. Makes 12 (1/4-cup) servings. Roasted Cinnamon and  <END>
INPUT: beurre, blanc, Kosher salt pepper, Canola oil, pancetta, cabbage
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pan Seared Salmon with Pancetta Fried Cabbage and Thyme Beurre Blanc Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 (6-ounce) wild-caught salmon fillets; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; Canola oil, for sauteing; 1/2 pound pancetta, diced; 1 head red cabbage, thinly sliced; 1 1/2 cups white wine; 1 shallot, diced; 1 clove garlic, crushed; 1 sprig fresh thyme; 1 sprig fresh rosemary; 1 1/2 sticks butter | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Season the salmon fillets with salt and pepper. In a large oven-safe sautÂ¿ pan over medium-high heat, coat the bottom of the pan with oil and heat the oil. Pan-sear the seasoned fish, skin-side down, until browned, about 3 to 4 minutes. Transfer the fish to the oven for 10 minutes. In a large, deep sautÂ¿ pan over medium-high heat, cook the pancetta until crisp, stirring frequently. Then add the cabbage into the pan, cover the pan and continue cooking until the cabbage is soft, about 15 minutes. To make the Thyme Beurre Blanc: In a saucepan, combine the whit <END>
INPUT: piccata, olive oil, Dover sole petrale, All purpose flour, seedless grapes, grape juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sole Piccata with Grapes and Capers | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons olive oil; 4 Dover sole or petrale sole fillets; All purpose flour; 1/2 cup seedless red grapes, cut in half; 1/4 cup white grape juice; 1/4 cup dry white wine; 2 tablespoons (1/4 stick) butter; 1 tablespoon drained capers; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh parsley | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat oil in large nonstick skillet over medium-high heat. Sprinkle fish with salt and pepper; dust both sides with flour. Add to skillet; cook until browned and just opaque in center, about 2 minutes per side. Transfer fish to platter. Add grapes, grape juice, wine, and butter to same skillet. Bring mixture to boil, whisking up any browned bits. Add capers and parsley. Simmer sauce until slightly thickened, about 3 minutes. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Spoon sauce over fish. Heat oil in large nonstick skillet over medium-high heat. Sprinkle fish with salt and pepper; dust both sides w <END>
INPUT: French, sauce, Kosher salt pepper, vegetable oil, wine, shallots
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roast Tenderloin of Beef with Cornichon Tarragon Sauce | CUISINE: French | INGREDIENTS: 1 (4-pound) beef tenderloin roast, trimmed and tied; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 4 tablespoons vegetable oil; 2 cups dry white wine; 4 medium shallots, minced; 4 teaspoons dried tarragon; 16 cornichons (French pickles) or dill gherkins, julienned; 2 tablespoons heavy cream; 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened; 4 tablespoons Dijon mustard; 4 teaspoons minced fresh tarragon leaves; Green Beans with Red Onion and Mustard Vinaigrette, recipe follows; Roasted cauliflower florets, as needed; Roasted halved new potatoes (tossed with olive oil and chopped rosemary leaves), as needed; Roasted baby carrots (tossed with butter and chopped chives), as needed | INSTRUCTIONS: Make the Beef and Sauce: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F. and season the tenderloin with salt and pepper. Heat the oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat until almost smoking. Add the roast and cook, turning often, until browned on all sides, 5 to 7 minutes. Transfer the skillet to the oven and roast for 25 to 30 minutes or until a meat thermometer inserted into the center registers 130 degrees F for medium rare. Transfer the roast to a warmed platter and cover loosely with foil. Place the roasting skillet on top of the stove, being careful not to touch the hot handle with bare hands.  <END>
INPUT: Mexican, salad, dressing, fennel bupounds, Dungeness crabmeat, baby spinach leaves, Champagne vinegar, lime juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Dungeness Crab and Fennel Salad with Creamy Lime Dressing | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2 fennel bupounds (anise), stalks discarded; 1 pound fresh Dungeness crabmeat, picked over; 1/2 pound baby spinach leaves; 2 tablespoons Champagne vinegar; 2 tablespoons fresh lime juice; 1 large egg yolk; 1/2 tablespoon mild honey; 1/2 teaspoon white pepper; 1/2 tablespoon grated lime zest; 1/2 cup vegetable oil; 1/2 teaspoon sesame oil (not Asian; optional); Equipment: an adjustable-blade slicer | INSTRUCTIONS: Halve fennel lengthwise (or quarter if large) and discard core, then shave fennel lengthwise as thinly as possible using slicer. Soak sliced fennel in a bowl of ice and cold water until it is crisp, about 1 1/2 to 2 hours. Blend all dressing ingredients, except oils, with 1/2 teaspoon salt in a blender at high speed until combined. With blender still on high, add oils in a slow stream thourough top hole, blending until emulsified. Season with salt and white pepper. Drain fennel and pat dry, then toss with crabmeat and dressing. Divide spinach among 4 plates and top with crab salad. Halve fenne <END>
INPUT: Mexican, salsa, verde, scallion, Juice limes, anchovy fillet, capers, cilantro leaves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tarragon-Cilantro Salsa Verde | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons finely chopped scallion (white and light green parts only); Juice of 2 limes; 1 anchovy fillet, finely chopped; 1 teaspoon capers, finely chopped; 1 1/2 cups cilantro leaves, finely chopped; 1/4 cup tarragon leaves, finely chopped; 1 medium jalapeño, seeded and finely chopped; 1/4 cup plus 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1/4 teaspoon kosher Salt | INSTRUCTIONS: In a medium bowl, mix the scallion with the lime juice and let stand for 10 minutes. Add the anchovy and capers and mash slightly with a fork. Stir in the cilantro, tarragon, jalapeño and olive oil. Season with salt and serve. The salsa verde can be refrigerated overnight. In a medium bowl, mix the scallion with the lime juice and let stand for 10 minutes. Add the anchovy and capers and mash slightly with a fork. Stir in the cilantro, tarragon, jalapeño and olive oil. Season with salt and serve. The salsa verde can be refrigerated overnight. <END>
INPUT: American, Salt, elbow macaroni, butter, all purpose flour, milk
OUTPUT: TITLE: Macaroni and Cheese | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: Salt; 1 pound elbow macaroni; 3 tablespoons butter; 3 tablespoons all-purpose flour; 2 cups milk; 1 cup fresh bread crumbs; 1/4 cup grated Parmesan, plus 8 ounces; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh parsley leaves; 1 tablespoon canola oil; 1 teaspoon paprika; 1 (8-ounce) block Cheddar, grated; 1/2 cup cottage cheese; Freshly cracked black pepper; Cooking spray | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil over medium heat. Add the macaroni and cook until slightly underdone, or very al dente, about 7 minutes. Drain the pasta and return it to the pot. In a saucepan over medium heat, melt the butter and stir in the flour. Cook, stirring constantly, until the roux turns a very pale golden color. Add the milk and whisk well to remove any lumps. Bring to a simmer over low heat. Meanwhile, in a small bowl, mix together the bread crumbs, 1/4 cup of Parmesan, parsley and canola oil. Reserve. Add the paprika, Cheddar, the remainin <END>
INPUT: Mexican, curried, tomatoes, peanut vegetable oil, sea scallops, Salt pepper, curry powder
OUTPUT: TITLE: Curried Scallops with Tomatoes | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 3 medium ripe tomatoes; 1 tablespoon peanut or vegetable oil; 1 1/2 to 2 pounds large sea scallops; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 tablespoons curry powder, or to taste; 1/2 cup heavy cream, sour cream, or yogurt, optional; Juice of 1 lime; 1/2 cup washed, dried, and chopped fresh cilantro | INSTRUCTIONS: 1.Core the tomatoes (cut a cone-shaped wedge out of the stem end), then cut them in half horizontally. Gently squeeze out the liquid and shake out most of their seeds. Chop their flesh into 1/2-inch pieces and set aside. Heat a 12-inch nonstick skillet over medium heat for about 3 minutes. While it is heating, sprinkle the scallops with salt and pepper and spread the curry powder on a plate. 1.Core the tomatoes (cut a cone-shaped wedge out of the stem end), then cut them in half horizontally. Gently squeeze out the liquid and shake out most of their seeds. Chop their flesh into 1/2-inch pieces <END>
INPUT: Asian, fish, four, wine vinegar, distilled vinegar, granulated sugar, habanero chile, piece ginger
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Whole Fish with Four Pepper-Ginger Sauce | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 3 cups red wine vinegar; 1 cup distilled white vinegar; 2 cups granulated sugar; 1/2 habanero chile; 2-inch piece fresh ginger, peeled and chopped; 1/2 red bell pepper, finely diced; 1/2 yellow bell pepper, finely diced; 1/2 poblano chile, finely diced; 3 tablespoons finely chopped fresh mint leaves; 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh Thai basil leaves, plus more for garnish; 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh cilantro leaves, plus more for garnish; Salt; 4 whole red snapper, 1 1/2-pounds each, scaled, gutted, and scored; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; Olive oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Place the vinegar, sugar, habanero and ginger in a medium saucepan and cook over high heat until reduced to 1 1/2 cups, stirring occasionally. If the sauce becomes too thick, thin with a little bit of water. Strain the sauce through a strainer into a bowl, stir in the red and yellow peppers, poblano, mint, Thai basil, cilantro and season with salt, to taste. Heat the grill over high heat. Season the cavity of the fish with salt and pepper. Brush the fish with oil on both sides and season with salt and pepper. Grill for 4 to 5 minutes on 1 side. Turn the grill down to medium and cook for anothe <END>
INPUT: Indian, chutney, vegetable oil, Four ham steaks, unsalted butter, Granny Smith apple, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Ham Steaks with Apple-Mustard Chutney | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 2 teaspoons vegetable oil; Four 1-inch thick ham steaks, cut from a whole boneless ham; 3 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1 Granny Smith apple, chopped; 1 small yellow onion, chopped; 1/4 cup apple cider vinegar; 1 tablespoon light brown sugar; 1 tablespoon yellow mustard seeds; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. For the ham steaks: Heat the oil on a cast-iron griddle over medium-high heat. Add the ham steaks and cook until golden brown on both sides, about 4 minutes per side. For the apple-mustard chutney: Melt the butter in a medium saucepan over medium-high heat. Add the apple and onion and cook until softened, about 3 minutes. Add the apple cider vinegar, brown sugar, mustard seeds and some salt and pepper. Cook until thickened, about 5 minutes. Serve the chutney over the ham steaks. <END>
INPUT: peanut butter, balsamic vinegar, soy sauce, honey, Chinese hot chili
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spicy Peanut Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 heaping tablespoon peanut butter; 1 1/2 teaspoons balsamic vinegar; 1 tablespoon soy sauce; 1 teaspoon honey; 1/2 teaspoon Chinese hot red chili paste; 1/2 teaspoon hot chili oil; 2 tablespoons red wine; 1 teaspoon lime juice or margarita mix; Vegetable oil, to thin if necessary; 3 tablespoons water | INSTRUCTIONS: In a food processor, place all ingredients except only half the water into the processor and blend until smooth. Add more water and some oil to thin out the sauce when necessary. Taste the sauce, if it is too thick or potent, add more water and more honey. Process until smooth and enjoy as another great dipping sauce for dumplings, wontons and Shu-mai! <END>
INPUT: American, dressing, mayonnaise, sour cream, crumbled cheese
OUTPUT: TITLE: Blue Cheese Dressing | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2/3 cup mayonnaise; 1/3 cup sour cream; 1/3 cup crumbled blue cheese | INSTRUCTIONS: In a bowl combine well the mayonnaise, the sour cream and the blue cheese.; <END>
INPUT: vegetables, eggplant, bell pepper, onion, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Orzo with Roasted Vegetables | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 small eggplant, peeled and 3/4-inch diced; 1 red bell pepper, 1-inch diced; 1 yellow bell pepper, 1-inch diced; 1 red onion, peeled and 1-inch diced; 2 garlic cloves, minced; 1/3 cup good olive oil; 1 1/2 teaspoons kosher salt; 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 1/2 pound orzo or rice-shaped pasta; 1/3 cup freshly squeezed lemon juice (2 lemons); 1/3 cup good olive oil; 1 teaspoon kosher salt; 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 4 scallions, minced (white and green parts); 1/4 cup pignolis (pine nuts), toasted | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Toss the eggplant, bell peppers, onion, and garlic with the olive oil, salt, and pepper on a large sheet pan. Roast for 40 minutes, until browned, turning once with a spatula. Meanwhile, cook the orzo in boiling salted water for 7 to 9 minutes, until tender. Drain and transfer to a large serving bowl. Add the roasted vegetables to the pasta, scraping all the liquid and seasonings from the roasting pan into the pasta bowl. For the dressing, combine the lemon juice, olive oil, salt, and pepper and pour on the pasta and vegetables. Let cool to room temperature,  <END>
INPUT: soup, pale leek, garlic, celery, carrot, bay leaf
OUTPUT: TITLE: Leek and Stilton Soup with Port | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup finely chopped white and pale green part of leek, washed well and drained; 1 large garlic clove, minced; 1/2 cup finely chopped celery; 1/2 cup finely chopped carrot; 1 bay leaf; 1/2 teaspoon dried thyme, crumbled; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 2 russet baking potatoes (about 1 pound); 3 cups chicken broth; 1 cup half-and-half; 6 ounces Stilton, crumbled (about 1 1/2 cups); 3 tablespoons Tawny Port, or to taste; minced fresh chives for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large saucepan cook the leek, the celery, and the carrot with the bay leaf and the thyme in the butter over moderate heat, stirring, for 5 minutes, or until the vegetables are softened. Add the potatoes, peeled and sliced thin, and the broth and simmer the mixture, covered, for 15 minutes, or until the potatoes are very tender. Discard the bay leaf and in a blender purée the soup in batches. Transfer the purée to the cleaned pan and stir in the half-and-half. Heat the soup over low heat, whisk in the Stilton, whisking until the cheese is melted and the soup is smooth, and whisk in the Por <END>
INPUT: mole, enchiladas, Essential Sweet Spicy, vegetable oil rich, onion, raisins
OUTPUT: TITLE: Simple Red Mole Enchiladas with Shredded Chicken | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup Essential Sweet-and-Spicy Ancho Seasoning Paste; 3 tablespoons vegetable oil or rich-tasting pork lard, plus a little more if needed; 2 ounces (about 1/2 cup) whole almonds (with or without skins); 1 medium white onion, sliced 1/8 inch thick; 1/4 cup raisins; 5 ounces (1 small round or 2 to 3 plum) ripe tomatoes; A scant 1/2 teaspoon cinnamon, preferably freshly ground Mexican canela; 1/4 cup (about 1 1/2 ounces) roughly chopped Mexican chocolate; 2 slices firm white bread (or 1/2 Mexican bolillo), toasted; 6 cups Chicken Broth; Salt, about 2 1/2 teaspoons, depending on saltiness of the broth; Sugar, about 1 tablespoon; 18 corn tortillas (plus a few extra, in case some break); A spoonful or two of sesame seeds, for garnish; 3 cups cooked, coarsely shredded chicken | INSTRUCTIONS: From Ancho seasoning to mole: In a medium-size (4-quart) pot (preferably a Dutch oven or Mexican cazuela), heat 1 1/2 tablespoons of the oil or lard over medium. Add the almonds and cook, stirring regularly, until lightly toasted, about 3 minutes. Using a slotted spoon, remove the almonds to a blender or food processor. Add half of the onion to the pan and cook, stirring frequently, until richly browned, about 10 minutes. Use the slotted spoon to scoop the onions in with the almonds, leaving behind as much oil as possible. (If needed, add a little more oil or lard to the pan, let heat, then co <END>
INPUT: pizza, Angel food cake, Yogurt, Fruits, Candies
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cake Pizza | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Angel food cake; Yogurt; Fruits; Candies | INSTRUCTIONS: On a slice of angel food cake layer yogurt and fruits and candies from above. <END>
INPUT: spiced, tian, apple cider, thyme leaves, Aleppo pepper, kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spiced Sweet Potato and Parsnip Tian | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 cups apple cider; 1/2 cup (1 stick) unsalted butter; 2 tablespoons thyme leaves; 1 tablespoon plus 2 teaspoons Aleppo pepper; 4 teaspoons kosher salt, divided; 6 1/2 pounds sweet potatoes (about 8 medium), peeled, sliced into 1/8"-thick rounds; 2 pounds parsnips (about 3 extra-large), peeled, sliced into 1/8"-thick rounds; A 4-quart casserole dish or braiser, preferably round | INSTRUCTIONS: Position rack in middle of oven and preheat to 325°F. Bring cider to a boil in a large saucepan over medium-high heat. Reduce heat to low, add butter, thyme, Aleppo, and 2 tsp. salt, and cook, stirring, until butter is melted. Let cool slightly. Place potatoes and parsnips in a large bowl. Pour cider mixture over and toss to coat. Stack a handful of slices about 3" high, then place vertically in casserole dish. Using a measuring cup or small bowl, keep slices standing up as you go, working around the perimeter and then into the center, forming concentric circles. Continue arranging slices in p <END>
INPUT: lollapaloozas, unsalted peanuts, granulated sugar, cream tartar, water, unsweetened chocolate
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate Lollapaloozas | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup unsalted peanuts; 1 1/2 cups granulated sugar; 1/4 teaspoon cream of tartar; 1/4 cup water; 1/2-ounce unsweetened chocolate, chopped into 1/4-inch pieces; 12 ounces semisweet chocolate, chopped into 1/4-inch pieces | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees. Toast the peanuts on a baking sheet in the preheated oven for 1 minute. Cool to room temperature. Process the peanuts in the bowl of a food processor fitted with a metal blade until finely chopped, about 8 to 10 seconds. Set aside. Heat the sugar, cream of tartar and water in a 1 1/2-quart saucepan over medium-high heat. When hot, stir with a whisk to dissolve the sugar. Bring to a boil. Boil the mixture, stirring often, for 8 to 10 minutes, until the mixture takes on a light honey color. Remove the pan from the heat. Add the unsweetened chocolate, and stir gen <END>
INPUT: Italian, spring, sweet sausages, bulbs fennel, Salt pepper, Olive oil, farfalle
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Sausage, Fennel, and Baby Artichoke Spring Pasta | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 4 sweet sausages; 2 bulbs fennel, quartered; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; Olive oil, for grilling; 1/2 pound dry farfalle (butterfly or bowtie) pasta; 1 lemon, halved; 1 small onion, diced; 1 teaspoon salt; 1/4 teaspoon pepper; 20 baby artichokes, trimmed; 1/4 cup red wine vinegar; 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard; 3/4 cup walnut oil; 1 teaspoon sugar; 1/2 bunch flat leaf parsley, leaves picked | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat grill on medium-high. Cook sausages for 10 minutes, making sure to turn to prevent burning. Season fennel with salt and pepper, brush with olive oil, and grill until brown and tender, about 20 minutes. When cool enough to handle, slice the sausages on the bias into 1/4-inch slices, and cut the fennel into similarly sized pieces. Keep the sausage and fennel warm until ready to use. Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil for the pasta. Cook the pasta al dente. In another large pot of water, add lemon, onion, salt, and pepper and bring to a boil. Add trimmed artichokes and top with a sm <END>
INPUT: Italian, risotto, unsalted butter, garlic oil, onion, wine, ditalini other short
OUTPUT: TITLE: Ditalini Risotto | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 2 tablespoons garlic oil (see Toasted Garlic-Beef Stock) or olive oil, plus more for drizzling; 1 medium onion, finely chopped; 1 cup dry white wine; 1 pound ditalini or other short, tubular pasta; 6 cups (or more) Toasted Garlic-Beef Stock; 1/2 cup finely grated Pecorino, plus more for serving; Kosher salt; 1 cup baby kale; 1 cup baby mustard greens or other spicy greens; 2 teaspoons freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat butter and 2 Tbsp. oil in a large pot over medium. Add onion and cook, stirring occasionally, until soft and golden brown, 12–18 minutes. Add wine, bring to a boil, and cook until liquid is reduced by half, 8–10 minutes. Add ditalini and 2 cups stock and cook, stirring occasionally and adding remaining 4 cups stock 1 cup at a time as pasta absorbs liquid, until pasta is al dente and sauce loosens, 25–30 minutes. Add 1/2 cup Pecorino and cook until cheese is melted and mixture is creamy. If sauce becomes too thick, add more stock until it's slightly runny again. Season pasta with salt. Div <END>
INPUT: American, wild, olive oil, unsalted butter, assorted mushrooms, shallot, Kosher salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Wild Mushroom-Cheddar Burger | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1 tablespoon unsalted butter; 12 ounces assorted mushrooms (such as cremini, lobster, chanterelles, and stemmed shiitakes), chopped; 1 small shallot, finely diced; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh thyme leaves; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh flat-leaf parsley leaves; 1 1/2 pounds ground chuck (80 percent lean) or ground turkey (90 percent lean); 1 1/2 tablespoons canola oil; 4 slices sharp cheddar cheese; 4 hamburger buns, split; toasted, if desired (see Cook's Note); Chipotle Ketchup (optional, recipe follows); 1 cup ketchup; 2 to 3 tablespoons pureed canned chipotle in adobo (depending on how spicy you prefer it); 1/4 teaspoon kosher salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Heat the olive oil and butter in a large saute pan over high heat until almost smoking. Add the mushrooms and cook, stirring occasionally, until soft, about 5 minutes. Add the shallot, season with salt and pepper, and cook until the mushrooms are golden brown, about 5 minutes. Stir in the thyme and parsley and transfer to a bowl. Divide the meat into 4 equal portions (about 6 ounces each). Form each portion loosely into a 3/4-inch-thick burger and make a deep depression in the center with your thumb. Season both sides of each burger with salt and pepper. Cook the <END>
INPUT: water, okra, bell pepper, salt, hot sauce
OUTPUT: TITLE: Steamed Flying Fish and Cou-Cou | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups water; 10 small okra, finely sliced; 1/4 red bell pepper, cored, seeded, and finely chopped; 1 teaspoon salt; 1/4 teaspoon hot sauce; 4 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1/2 pound fine cornmeal; 8 Flying Fish (about 1 1/2 pounds), scaled, boned, and butterflied; 3 tablespoons Bajan seasoning (also called green seasoning); Lime juice, as needed; Salt, as needed; 1 tablespoon unsalted butter; 2 large onions, sliced; 3 cloves garlic, sliced; 1 stalk celery, diced | INSTRUCTIONS: Make the Cou-Cou: Combine the water, okra, red pepper, salt, and hot sauce in a large saucepan. Bring to a boil and cook, stirring, until very thick. Transfer half of the okra mixture to a bowl. Add 2 tablespoons of the butter to the okra mixture in the saucepan, and reduce the heat to low. While stirring the mixture with a wooden spoon, sprinkle in the cornmeal a little at a time, and cook until thick. Add the remaining okra mixture and 2 tablespoons butter and stir until smooth. Cover to keep warm. Make the Flying Fish: Rub the flesh side of the fish with the Bajan seasoning and lime juice,  <END>
INPUT: caramel, vanilla pod, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Caramel Rice Pudding | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 200 g (7 oz/1 cup) short-grain pudding rice; 1 vanilla pod; 900 ml (30 fl oz/33/4 cups) milk; 75 g (21/2 oz/3/4cups) caster (superfine) sugar; pinch of salt; 3 egg yolks; 50 g (2 oz/1/4 cup) butter; 150 g (5 oz/3/4 cup) light soft brown sugar; 200 ml (7 fl oz/scant 1 cup) double (heavy) cream | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring a small saucepan of water to the boil, add the rice and cook it for 2 minutes. Strain and set aside. Split the vanilla pod in half lengthways and scrape out the seeds. Place the pod and seeds in a large saucepan with the milk, sugar and salt and heat to a gentle simmer. Pour in the rice and stir well. Cover and simmer for 30–40 minutes, stirring occasionally to make sure the rice doesn't stick to the bottom of the pan. Remove from the heat when all the liquid is absorbed and the rice is tender. Remove the vanilla pod. Add the egg yolks, return to the hob and heat gently for a few more mi <END>
INPUT: cheesy, buttermilk, cayenne pepper, garlic powder, kosher salt, smoked paprika
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fried Chicken Thighs with Cheesy Grits | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cups buttermilk; 1 teaspoon cayenne pepper; 1 teaspoon garlic powder; 1 teaspoon kosher salt; 1 teaspoon smoked paprika; 1 pound skinless, boneless chicken thighs; Kosher salt; 1 1/2 cups white grits (not instant); 4 ounces cream cheese; 2 ounces finely grated Parmesan; Freshly ground black pepper; 2 cups all-purpose flour; 1 teaspoon cayenne pepper; 1 teaspoon garlic powder; 1 teaspoon smoked paprika | INSTRUCTIONS: Chicken: Combine buttermilk, cayenne, garlic powder, salt, and paprika in a large bowl or large resealable plastic bag. Add chicken thighs, cover bowl or seal bag, and toss to coat. Chill at least 2 hours and up to 12 hours. Combine buttermilk, cayenne, garlic powder, salt, and paprika in a large bowl or large resealable plastic bag. Add chicken thighs, cover bowl or seal bag, and toss to coat. Chill at least 2 hours and up to 12 hours. Grits: Bring 4 cups salted water to a boil and gradually add grits, whisking constantly. Cook, whisking occasionally, until grits are very tender and creamy, 2 <END>
INPUT: tartare, carrots, carrot, carrot juice, virgin olive oil, sashimi grade Monterey, Salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Albacore Tartare with Carrots, Garlic, and Pomegranate | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 large carrot, peeled; 4 ounces carrot juice; 1-ounce extra-virgin olive oil, infused with garlic; 4 ounces sashimi grade Monterey albacore, chopped into a near paste; Salt and pepper; 6 ounces carrot juice, reduced to 1/2-ounce; 6 ounces orange juice, reduced to 1/2-ounce; 1 clove garlic, thinly sliced; 1 baby yellow carrot, shaved on a Japanese mandoline; 1 baby red carrot, shaved on a Japanese mandoline; 10 to 15 pomegranate seeds; 6 ounces pomegranate juice, reduced to 1/2-ounce; 1/2-ounce soy sauce; 1/2-ounce garlic oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Simmer the carrot in juice until soft, then place all ingredients in a blender. Blend until smooth.; Mix all ingredients. Refrigerate.; Preheat a fryer to 325 degrees F. Place the garlic in a small saucepot of cold water. Bring to a boil. Strain. Repeat 2 more times. Dry the garlic and fry. Mix fried garlic with other ingredients. For the Pomegranate Ponzu: Mix all ingredients. To serve: Using a ring mold, place the tartare in the center of the plate. Top with the Carrot and Garlic Salad. Place a line of the carrot puree down the side of the plate. Drizzle all with the Pomegranate Ponzu. <END>
INPUT: Indian, curry, crusted, Greek yogurt, pomegranate molasses, cucumber, pepper, Kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Curry Crusted Leg of Lamb with Pomegranate Raita | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cups Greek yogurt; 2 tablespoons pomegranate molasses; 1/2 cup coarsely chopped cucumber; 1/4 teaspoon ground black pepper; Kosher salt; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh mint leaves, optional; 6 tablespoons ancho chile powder; 4 teaspoons ground cumin; 4 teaspoons ground coriander; 4 teaspoons ground fennel; 4 teaspoons ground turmeric; 2 teaspoons ground cardamom; 2 teaspoons ground cloves; 2 teaspoons ground chile de arbol; 2 teaspoons ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Combine the yogurt, pomegranate molasses, cucumber, cumin and black pepper in a bowl. Season with salt, then cover and refrigerate for at least 30 minutes. Add the chopped mint just before serving, if desired. Refrigerate until ready to serve. Heat a grill to medium heat. Combine the spices in a small bowl. Stir in enough oil to make a paste and set aside. Brush the lamb leg with some canola oil and season top side of the meat with the curry rub. Let it sit at room temperature for 30 minutes. Season the lamb with salt, to taste. Put it on the grill, spice side do <END>
INPUT: spice, rubbed, sweet paprika, pepper, coarse salt, sugar, chili powder
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spice-Rubbed Grilled Pork Chops | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons sweet paprika, preferably Spanish; 1 tablespoon freshly ground black pepper; 1 tablespoon coarse salt, either kosher or sea salt; 3/4 teaspoon sugar; 3/4 teaspoon chili powder; 3/4 teaspoon granulated garlic or garlic powder; 3/4 teaspoon onion powder; 1/4 to 1/2 teaspoon ground cayenne; Six to eight 10- to 11-ounce bone-in pork rib chops, 3/4 to 1 inch thick; Vegetable oil spray | INSTRUCTIONS: At least 1 and up to 8 hours before you plan to grill the pork chops, prepare the dry rub, combining the ingredients in a small bowl. Coat the chops with the spice mixture, place them in a large plastic bag, seal, and refrigerate. Fire up the grill, bringing the heat to medium (4 to 5 seconds with the hand test). Remove the chops from the refrigerator and let them sit covered at room temperature for about 20 minutes. Spray the chops with oil and transfer them to the grill. Grill for 18 to 20 minutes total. Turn onto each side twice, rotating the chops a half turn each time to get criss-cross g <END>
INPUT: cookies, unsalted butter, dark sugar, light sugar, granulated sugar, espresso
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate Chip Cookies | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 sticks unsalted butter, cut into cubes; 1/2 cup dark brown sugar, packed; 1/2 cup light brown sugar, packed; 1/2 cup granulated sugar; 1 1/2 teaspoons instant espresso; 2 large eggs; 1 tablespoon vanilla extract; 2 1/2 cups all-purpose flour; 1 teaspoon baking soda; 1 teaspoon salt; 1 cup good quality chocolate chips or chunks | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. In a large mixing bowl, combine cold butter, dark brown sugar, light brown sugar, granulated sugar and espresso with a hand mixer. Mix at slow speed for 30 seconds and increase speed until the mixture is fluffy, about 6 minutes. Lower the speed and add the eggs 1 at a time. Add vanilla and mix until all ingredients are incorporated. In a separate bowl, whisk together the flour, baking soda and salt. Add the flour mixture to the butter and sugar mixture in batches. Stir with a spatula until well blended. Fold in the chocolate chips or chunks and spoon the dough on <END>
INPUT: compote, cinnamon, Golden Delicious apples, lemon juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Baked Apple Compote | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cinnamon sticks, each broken into 3 pieces; 6 whole cloves; 3 Golden Delicious apples (about 18 ounces), halved, cored; 1 teaspoon fresh lemon juice | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 325°F. Insert 1 piece of cinnamon stick and 1 clove into each half of apple. Arrange apples, cut side down, on baking sheet. Bake until apples are soft, about 30 minutes. Cool slightly. Remove and discard cinnamon sticks and cloves. Scoop flesh from apples into medium bowl. Add lemon juice. Using fork, coarsely mash apples. Season compote with salt and freshly ground pepper. Serve warm. Preheat oven to 325°F. Insert 1 piece of cinnamon stick and 1 clove into each half of apple. Arrange apples, cut side down, on baking sheet. Bake until apples are soft, about 30 minutes. Cool sl <END>
INPUT: American, caprese, basil leaves, balsamic vinegar, Morningstar Farms® Garden, mozzarella cheese, Italian roll hamburger
OUTPUT: TITLE: Caprese Burger | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1/3 cup fresh basil leaves; 1 teaspoon balsamic vinegar; 1 Morningstar Farms® Garden Veggie Patties™ Veggie Burger; 1/2 ounce fresh mozzarella cheese, thinly sliced; 1 Italian roll or hamburger bun, split (about 1 1/2 oz.); 1 thin tomato slice; Coarsely ground black pepper (optional) | INSTRUCTIONS: Getting its inspiration from classic caprese salad, this sandwich showcases the fresh flavors of basil, tomato and mozzarella cheese. 1. In small bowl toss together basil leaves and vinegar. Set aside. 2. Micro-cook veggie patty according to package directions, except after turning patty place mozzarella slices on top. Continue micro-cooking according to package directions. 3. Top roll bottom with veggie patty, basil leaves and tomato. Lightly sprinkle with pepper (if desired). Add roll top. Preheat grill Use a food thermometer to be sure patties reach minimum internal temperature of 160 degre <END>
INPUT: American, martini, olives, good quality cheese, vermouth, vodka
OUTPUT: TITLE: Blue Cheese-Stuffed Olives Martini | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 large green olives, pitted; 1 teaspoon good-quality blue cheese, such as Roquefort; 1 teaspoon dry vermouth; 3 ounces vodka (just over 1/3 cup) | INSTRUCTIONS: Stuff the olives with the blue cheese. Add the vermouth to a martini glass and swirl to coat the glass. Freeze the glass until chilled, about 10 minutes. When ready to serve, add the vodka to a cocktail shaker filled with ice and shake well. Strain the vodka into the prepared martini glass and garnish with the olives. <END>
INPUT: olive oil, Salt pepper, Molasses Glaze, Spanish onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Molasses Glazed Pork Roast with Black Pepper Dumplings | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons olive oil; 1 (3 to 4 pound) pork loin roast, bone in; Salt and freshly ground pepper; Molasses Glaze, recipe follows; 1 Spanish onion, finely diced; 1 large carrot, finely diced; 1 stalk celery, finely diced; 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped; 1 cup dry white wine; 6 cups chicken stock; 4 sprigs fresh thyme; 4 sprigs parsley; Black Pepper Dumplings, recipe follows; Chopped parsley, for garnish; 1 1/2 cups molasses | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Heat oil in a large Dutch oven over high heat. Season the pork with salt and pepper and sear on all sides until golden brown. Transfer the pot to the oven and roast until the pork reaches an internal temperature of 125 degrees F, about 1 hour. Brush the pork liberally with the Molasses Glaze and continue roasting until the internal temperature reaches 145 degrees F. Remove the roast to a platter, brush with more of the glaze and let rest 15 minutes. Remove all but 2 tablespoons of the fat from the pan and place on top of the stove over medium heat. Add the onions <END>
INPUT: bars, all purpose flour, cinnamon, allspice, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate Spice Bars | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 cup all-purpose flour; 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1/2 teaspoon ground cloves; 1/2 teaspoon ground allspice; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 12 tablespoons (1 1/2 sticks) unsalted butter, softened; 1 1/2 cups light brown sugar, firmly packed; 3 ounces unsweetened chocolate, melted; 3 large eggs; 1 cup walnut pieces, about 4 ounces, coarsely chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: Equipment: One 10 by 15 by 1-inch pan buttered and lined with parchment or foil Set a rack in the middle level of the oven and preheat to 375 degrees. In a mixing bowl, combine the flour, spices and salt. Stir well to mix and sift the dry ingredients onto a piece of parchment or waxed paper. In the bowl of an electric mixer, beat the butter with the sugar on low speed until just mixed. Beat in the chocolate, then the eggs, one at a time, beating smooth between each addition. Beat in the dry ingredients, scraping bowl and beater(s) several times. Off the mixer, fold in the chopped nuts. Scrape  <END>
INPUT: chicken, long jalapeño chilies, lemons, onion, olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Jalapeño Chicken | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 4- to 4 1/2-pound chicken, rinsed, patted dry; 3 2-inch-long jalapeño chilies, cut into 1/8-inch-thick rounds; 2 lemons, each cut into 4 wedges; 1 medium onion, quartered; 2 1/2 tablespoons olive oil; 1 tablespoon soy sauce | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350°F. Starting at neck end, carefully run fingers between skin and breast meat of chicken, loosening skin. Place chili rounds, spaced slightly apart, on breast meat under skin. Toss 4 lemon wedges, onion, 1/2 tablespoon oil and soy sauce in small bowl to coat. Stuff lemon mixture into main cavity of chicken. Rub outside of chicken with remaining 2 tablespoons oil; sprinkle with salt. Place chicken on rack in roasting pan. Roast chicken until golden brown and juices run clear when thigh is pierced with knife, about 1 1/2 hours. Transfer chicken to platter. Serve with remaining  <END>
INPUT: olive oil, garlic, bell pepper, broccoli rabe, hot pepper flakes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spicy Broccoli Rabe | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons olive oil; 3 garlic cloves, smashed; 1 red bell pepper, cut into thin strips; 1 1/2 pounds broccoli rabe, hollow stems trimmed, blanched, and drained; 1/2 to 3/4 teaspoon dried hot red pepper flakes; 1 cup chicken broth | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat the olive oil in a saute pan over medium high heat. Add garlic and cook for 1 minute. Add red pepper and saute until softened. Add broccoli rabe and hot pepper flakes, and coat with oil. Add broth, cover pan and cook until rabe is tender, about 4 more minutes.; <END>
INPUT: cake, shelled walnuts, allpurpose flour, baking powder, salt, cinnamon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Honey Glazed Walnut Cake | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup shelled walnuts; 1/4 cup allpurpose flour; 2 teaspoons baking powder; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 3/4 cup light brown sugar; 5 large eggs; 1/2 cup honey; 1/2 cup fresh orange juice; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; Fresh berries to serve on the side | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Butter and flour a 9 inch round cake pan. Place the walnuts, flour, baking powder, salt, and cinnamon in a food processor and blend until finely chopped. Add the brown sugar and eggs and process until smooth. Pour the batter into the cake pan and bake for 30 to 35 minutes, or until a toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean. Remove to a wire rack and cool in the pan for 5 minutes. Turn the cake out of the pan and cool completely on a rack. Combine the honey, orange juice, and vanilla in a small saucepan over mediumlow heat and bring to a boil. Poke th <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, black, garlic, flat leaf parsley, mayonnaise, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Black Olive Mayonnaise | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 3 cloves garlic; 1 (6-ounce) can pitted California olives; 1 tablespoon flat-leaf parsley, roughly chopped; 1 cup mayonnaise; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Put the garlic cloves into the bowl of a food processor and pulse until finely chopped. Add the olives and parsley and pulse again until the mix is almost a puree. Add the mayonnaise and salt and pulse until combined. With the processor running, add the olive oil in a stream. Pour into a bowl and refrigerate until ready to use. <END>
INPUT: salad, dressing, garlic, flat anchovy fillet, balsamic vinegar, lemon juice, Dijon style mustard
OUTPUT: TITLE: Escarole, Spinach, and Red Onion Salad with Anchovy Garlic Dressing | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 garlic clove, minced and mashed to a paste with 1/4 teaspoon salt; 1 flat anchovy fillet, or to taste, chopped; 2 teaspoons balsamic vinegar; 1 1/2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 3/4 teaspoon Dijon-style mustard; 1/3 cup olive oil; 8 cups packed escarole, rinsed, spun dry, and torn into pieces; 6 cups packed fresh spinach leaves, washed well, spun dry, and torn into pieces; 1 cup finely chopped red onion | INSTRUCTIONS: Make the dressing: In a blender blend together the garlic paste, the anchovy, the vinegar, the lemon juice, the mustard, and salt and pepper to taste. With the motor running add the oil in a stream and blend the dressing well. In a large bowl combine the escarole, the spinach, the onion, and the dressing and toss the salad until it is combined well. In a blender blend together the garlic paste, the anchovy, the vinegar, the lemon juice, the mustard, and salt and pepper to taste. With the motor running add the oil in a stream and blend the dressing well. In a large bowl combine the escarole, th <END>
INPUT: olive oil, garlic, shallots, baby spinach, Kosher salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Quick Sauteed Spinach | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons olive oil; 3 cloves garlic, minced; 2 shallots, minced; 10 ounces baby spinach; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat the olive oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Add the garlic and shallots and saute until fragrant, 1 minute. Add the spinach by the handful and toss with tongs until it wilts, 3 to 5 minutes. Season the spinach with salt and pepper. Serve immediately. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, salad, chili, ahi tuna, garlic, onion, carrots, soy sauce
OUTPUT: TITLE: Ahi Salad with Macadamia Nuts and Cilantro Chili Oil | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 10 ounces ahi tuna; 1 teaspoon garlic, crushed; 4 ounces onion; 4 ounces carrots; 1 cup soy sauce; 2 teaspoons sesame seed oil; 4 teaspoons sesame seeds; 2 teaspoons pickled ginger; 1-ounce macadamia nuts, chopped; 6 ounces water chestnuts; 1/2 cup cilantro leaves, chopped; 1/4-ounces black caviar; 1/4-ounce green caviar | INSTRUCTIONS: Dice the ahi to 1/4-inch pieces, place in a mixing bowl, and add crushed garlic, fine diced onions, fine diced carrots, soy sauce, sesame seed oil, sesame seeds, chopped pickled ginger, macadamia nuts, fine diced water chestnuts and cilantro. Mix together and garnish with black and green caviar.; <END>
INPUT: chrysanthemum, recipes Royal Icing, each, Lemon Simple Syrup, recipes Lemon Curd, recipes Italian Meringue
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chrysanthemum Cake | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 recipes Royal Icing, recipe follows; 2 each 18, 12, and 6-inch round Moist Yellow Cake layers, recipe follows; 1 recipe Lemon Simple Syrup, recipe follows; 5 recipes Lemon Curd Filling, recipe follows; 4 recipes Italian Meringue, recipe follows; 1/2 cup (1 stick) unsalted butter, softened, plus more to coat pans; 1 1/3 cups cake flour, sifted, plus more to coat pans; 1 cup granulated sugar; 1 teaspoon vanilla; 2 large eggs, room temperature; Pinch salt; 1 teaspoon baking powder; 1/2 cup milk; 1 pound box (about 4 cups) confectioners' sugar; 1/4 cup meringue powder | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: 1 (28-inch-diameter) plywood base 7 feet 4 inches 3/4-inch-wide ribbon 1 30 by 40-inch piece 3/16-inch-thick foam board 1 each cardboard cake rounds in the following diameters: 18, 12, and 6 inches 8 (7-inch-high) clear plastic tapered columns Prepare the base: Working on a flat surface, draw a circle in the center of plywood base that is 2 to 3 inches smaller than the largest cake tier. Using a large offset spatula, spread royal icing over surface between the drawn circle and edge of round plywood board to coat surface smoothly. Tap board on work surface to smooth and elimi <END>
INPUT: lemonade, sugar, water, lemons, Vodka, Ice cubes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Vodka Lemonade | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup sugar; 1/3 cup water, plus 8 cups; 4 lemons, juiced; Vodka; Ice cubes | INSTRUCTIONS: In a saucepan, combine the sugar and 1/3 cup water and place over medium heat. Bring the mixture to a boil, then cook the sugar until dissolved but the syrup is still clear. Do not cook the sugar until it starts to turn color. Remove from heat and cool. In a pitcher, combine the syrup, 8 cups water, the lemon juice, vodka and ice and stir to combine. Pour into tall glasses and enjoy! <END>
INPUT: emergency, cake flour, sugar, salt, baking powder, butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Emergency Cake | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 3/4 cups cake flour, sifted; 1 cup sugar; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 2 1/2 teaspoons baking powder; 1/3 cup softened butter; 2/3 cup lukewarm milk; 1 egg, beaten; 1 teaspoon vanilla; 3 tablespoons melted butter; 5 tablespoons brown sugar; 2 tablespoons heavy cream; 1/2 cup shredded coconut | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Cake: In a mixer with a whip attachment, mix the dry ingredients together. Add the softened butter, lukewarm milk, beaten egg, and vanilla and mix well for 2 to 3 minutes. Pour into a parchment lined 8 by 8-inch cake pan. Bake at 350 degrees F for 25 to 35 minutes. Broiled Icing: In a mixer with a paddle attachment, mix all the ingredients together. When the cake is done, take it out of the oven and, while it's warm, spread the icing on the cake to cover the top. Place it under the broiler until it bubbles all over and starts to brown. Cool then cut into squares  <END>
INPUT: vegetable oil, long grain rice, onion, serrano chiles, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Red Rice | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/3 cup vegetable oil; 3 cups long grain rice, rinsed*; 1 medium onion, chopped; 5 serrano chiles, or to taste, stemmed, seeded if desired; 2 garlic cloves, chopped; 3/4 cup chicken stock, Vegetable Stock (see recipe), or water; 3 cups Red Tomato Salsa, see recipe | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Heat the oil in a medium heavy saucepan or skillet over medium low heat. Saute the rice, stirring constantly, until golden brown and crackling, about 5 minutes. Add the onions and serranos and cook until the onions just soften, then add the garlic and saute until the aroma is released. Pour in the stock or water and tomato salsa, mixing well to combine. Transfer to a 4 quart baking dish or casserole. Cover with foil and bake until the liquid is absorbed and the rice is tender, 30 to 40 minutes. Stir and serve hot. <END>
INPUT: betty, apples, wheat bread, butter, sugar, water
OUTPUT: TITLE: Apple Brown Betty | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 pounds cooking apples (recommended: McIntosh or Granny Smith); 4 slices whole wheat bread; 1/2 cup butter; 3/4 cup packed brown sugar; 2 tablespoons water | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 375 degrees. Peel, core and slice apples. Place the bread slices in a food processor and blend to make fresh crumbs or finely chop it up. Rub a 1-quart baking dish thickly with butter then sprinkle liberally with brown sugar. Add alternating layers of sliced apples, sugar, and bread crumbs, then repeat, ending with bread crumbs. Thickly sprinkle with sugar and dot with extra butter. Sprinkle on the water. Bake for 45 minutes to 1 hour until well browned on the top. Serve warm with vanilla ice cream. <END>
INPUT: salad, grain quick bulgur, garbanzo beans, containers cherry tomatoes, unpeeled English hothouse, roasted peppers from
OUTPUT: TITLE: Bulgur, Garbanzo Bean, and Cucumber Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups whole grain quick-cooking bulgur (11 to 12 ounces); 2 15- to 16-ounce cans garbanzo beans (chickpeas), drained; 2 1/2-pint containers small red and/or yellow cherry tomatoes; 1 cup diced unpeeled English hothouse cucumber; 1 cup diced roasted red peppers from jar; 2/3 cup (packed) chopped fresh dill; 1/4 cup white balsamic vinegar; 1 tablespoon ground cumin; 6 tablespoons olive oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook bulgur in large saucepan of boiling salted water until just tender, 10 to 12 minutes. Drain. Rinse with cold water to cool; drain well. Transfer to large bowl. Add garbanzos and next 4 ingredients. Whisk vinegar and cumin in small bowl. Whisk in oil. Season dressing with salt and pepper; pour over bulgur to coat salad. Season with salt and pepper. Cook bulgur in large saucepan of boiling salted water until just tender, 10 to 12 minutes. Drain. Rinse with cold water to cool; drain well. Transfer to large bowl. Add garbanzos and next 4 ingredients. Whisk vinegar and cumin in small bowl. Whi <END>
INPUT: American, ranch, dressing, Greek style yogurt, milk, garlic, granulated onion, paprika
OUTPUT: TITLE: Yogurt Ranch Dressing Marinated Chicken Legs and Tenders | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups Greek-style yogurt or reduced fat yogurt; 1/2 cup milk; 2 large cloves garlic, grated; 1 tablespoon granulated onion, a palmful; 1 tablespoon paprika, a palmful; 1 tablespoon hot sauce; 1/4 cup finely chopped chives; A small handful dill leaves, finely chopped; Pinch salt and freshly ground black pepper, plus more for seasoning; 12 white meat tenders and 6 chicken leg drummers; Vegetable or any light frying oil; 2 cups all-purpose flour; 1 tablespoon mustard powder, a palmful; 1 tablespoon poultry seasoning or ground thyme; 1 tablespoon sweet paprika or smoked sweet paprika, a palmful | INSTRUCTIONS: Dressing: Combine the yogurt and milk in a medium bowl. Add all of the remaining ingredients and stir to incorporate. Wash and dry the chicken pieces and coat them in the dressing. Heat a couple of inches of frying oil in a large Dutch oven over medium to medium-high heat. The oil is ready when rapid bubbles surround the handle of a wooden spoon when submerged in the oil. Put the flour in large double-bagged paper sack and add the mustard, poultry seasoning or thyme, paprika, turmeric and cayenne. Add the chicken tenders and shake to coat them in the flour. Using tongs add the chicken to the h <END>
INPUT: glaze, cake flour, baking powder, baking soda, salt, STAR Light Olive
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pumpkin Nut Cake With Maple Glaze | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 cups cake flour; 1 Tbsp. baking powder; 1 tsp. baking soda; 1/2 tsp. salt; 3/4 cup STAR Extra Light Olive Oil; 3 eggs; 1 (30-oz) can pre-sweetened pumpkin pie mix; 1/2 cup, plus 4-5 tsps. light evaporated milk; 1 cup chopped walnuts; 1 cup powdered sugar; 1/2 tsp. maple flavoring; 6-12 walnut halves | INSTRUCTIONS: Cake: Combine flour, baking powder, soda and salt in bowl and toss with fork to blend thoroughly. In large bowl of electric mixer, beat olive oil with eggs, pumpkin pie mix and 1/2 cup evaporated milk. Gradually beat in dry ingredients. Fold in chopped walnuts. Transfer to oiled fluted tube pan. Bake at 325 degrees for 45 minutes or until cake tests done. Cool on rack for 15 minutes then turn cake out onto rack and cool completely. Glaze: In small bowl, mix sugar, 4 tsps. remaining milk and maple flavoring. Stir until smooth. Add more milk, 1/2 tsp. at a time, if needed. Glaze should have a th <END>
INPUT: salad, vinaigrette, lemon juice, shallot, marjoram, lemon peel, virgin olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Potato and Summer Squash Salad with Marjoram-Lemon Vinaigrette | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 2 tablespoons minced shallot; 1 tablespoon plus 2 teaspoons chopped fresh marjoram; 1 teaspoon finely grated lemon peel; 1/4 cup plus 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1/2 pound small fingerling potatoes (such as Russian Banana), unpeeled, halved lengthwise; 1 pound assorted summer squash (such as zucchini and yellow crookneck), cut on diagonal into 1/3-inch-thick slices; 1 large red bell pepper, cut into 1-inch-wide strips | INSTRUCTIONS: Whisk lemon juice, shallot, 1 tablespoon marjoram, and lemon peel in small bowl. Gradually whisk in 1/4 cup oil. Season vinaigrette with salt and pepper. Prepare barbecue (medium heat). Place potatoes in large saucepan; add enough cold salted water to cover. Boil just until almost tender, about 4 minutes. Drain. Transfer potatoes to medium bowl. Add 1 teaspoon marjoram and 1 1/2 tablespoons oil; sprinkle with salt and pepper and toss to coat. Combine squash and bell pepper in large bowl; add remaining 1 teaspoon marjoram and 1 1/2 tablespoons oil. Sprinkle with salt and pepper; toss to coat. A <END>
INPUT: artichokes, lemon, olive oil, Salt pepper, Smoked Tomato Vinaigrette
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Artichoke with Smoked Tomato Vinaigrette | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 large artichokes; 1 lemon, juiced; 1/4 cup olive oil; Salt and freshly ground pepper; Smoked Tomato Vinaigrette, recipe follows; 5 plum tomatoes, smoked and chopped; Salt and freshly ground pepper; 1/4 cup red wine vinegar; 1 clove garlic, chopped; 2 tablespoons fresh basil, chopped; 1/2 cup olive oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Place artichokes, lemon juice, 2 tablespoons olive oil, salt, and fill pot with enough cold water to cover the artichokes in a large pot. Boil for 30 to 35 minutes or until tender. Remove artichokes from pot and let cool. Preheat grill. When artichokes have cooled, slice in 1/2 lengthwise and remove the choke. Brush each half with the remaining oil, season with salt and pepper and grill cut-side down for 1 to 2 minutes. Turn over and grill an additional minute. Place tomatoes, salt and pepper, vinegar, garlic and basil and olive oil in a blender and blend until smooth. <END>
INPUT: puree, butternut squash, butter, Kosher salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Squash Puree | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 butternut squash; 1 tablespoon butter, more to taste; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat the oven to 400 degrees F/200 degrees C. Halve the squash lengthwise and lay, face-down on a baking sheet. Bake until the flesh of the squash is completely soft, about 30 minutes. Remove and scoop the flesh into a bowl. Mash with butter to taste. Season with salt and pepper. Serve. <END>
INPUT: virgin olive oil, lemon zest, unsalted butter, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Hake with Wild Mushrooms | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1 teaspoon grated lemon zest, divided; 4 (6-ounces) hake or Pacific cod fillets (1 1/2 to 2 inches thick); 1/2 stick unsalted butter, divided; 1 garlic clove, finely chopped; 1 pound mixed fresh wild mushrooms, trimmed and cut into 1/2-inch pieces; 1/4 cup reduced-sodium chicken broth; 1/4 cup chopped flat-leaf parsley; 1 1/2 teaspoons fresh lemon juice | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat broiler. Stir together oil, 1/2 teaspoon zest, 1/2 teaspoon salt, and 1/4 teaspoon pepper in a bowl, then toss with fish. Broil fish on rack of a broiler pan 3 to 4 inches from heat until just cooked through, 8 to 12 minutes. While fish broils, heat 2 tablespoons butter in a large heavy skillet over medium-high heat until foam subsides, then sauté garlic 30 seconds. Add mushrooms, 1/2 teaspoon salt, and 1/4 teaspoon pepper and sauté until liquid mushrooms give off has evaporated, 4 to 5 minutes. Add broth, scraping up any brown bits, then add parsley, remaining 1/2 teaspoon zest, and r <END>
INPUT: stew, Kosher salt pepper, vegetable oil, onion, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spicy Chicken and Almond Stew | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 skinless, boneless chicken breasts, cut into 1-inch chunks (about 11/2 pounds); Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 3 tablespoons vegetable oil; 1 onion, chopped; 1 tablespoon minced garlic; 1 tablespoon minced peeled ginger; 1 sweet potato, peeled and cut into 1-inch chunks; 1 apple, cut into 1-inch chunks; 3/4 teaspoon cayenne pepper; 3 cups chicken broth; 6 cups chopped kale; 1 large tomato, chopped; 1/2 cup almond butter; 1/2 cup fresh cilantro | INSTRUCTIONS: Season the chicken with 1 teaspoon salt and a couple turns of black pepper. Heat a Dutch oven over medium-high heat. When hot, pour in 2 tablespoons vegetable oil. Add the chicken and cook, turning often, until brown on all sides, about 6 minutes; transfer to a bowl and set aside. Add the remaining 1 tablespoon vegetable oil to the pot and reduce the heat to medium. Add the onion, garlic, ginger and 1 teaspoon salt. Cook until the onion is softened, about 5 minutes. Add the sweet potato, apple, cayenne, chicken broth and 3 cups water; bring to a simmer. Stir in the kale, tomato and almond butt <END>
INPUT: cakes, Seckel pears, lemon juice, Essencia other Muscat, unsalted butter, blanched almonds
OUTPUT: TITLE: Small Pear and Almond Cakes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 12 firm small Seckel pears (2 to 3 inches long); 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice; 2 cups Essencia or other Muscat wine; 1/2 tablespoon unsalted butter; 1 1/2 cups whole blanched almonds (1/2 lb); 1 cup plus 1 tablespoon sugar; 2 sticks (1 cup) unsalted butter, softened, plus additional for greasing ramekins; 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract; 4 large eggs; 2/3 cup all-purpose flour plus additional for dusting; 3/8 teaspoon salt; Special equipment: a small melon-ball cutter; 12 (4-oz) ramekins or 2 muffin pans with 6 large (1-cup) muffin cups | INSTRUCTIONS: Poach pears: Peel pears, leaving stems intact, then core from bottom with melon-ball cutter. Toss pears with lemon juice in a bowl as peeled, then arrange on their sides in a 10-inch heavy skillet. Add wine, butter, and lemon juice from bowl (liquid will not cover pears) and bring to a boil. Reduce heat and simmer, covered, until pears are just tender, 10 to 20 minutes. Transfer pears with a slotted spoon to a dish. Boil poaching liquid, uncovered, until just syrupy and reduced to about 1/4 cup, 12 to 15 minutes. Spoon syrup over pears and cool to room temperature, stirring occasionally, about <END>
INPUT: flower, marshmallows, sanding sugars, frosted cupcake, licorice strip, bit frosting
OUTPUT: TITLE: Large Marshmallow Flower | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 to 4 large marshmallows; Blue and yellow sanding sugars; 1 frosted cupcake (about 2 tablespoons frosting works best); 1 thin black licorice strip; A bit of extra frosting | INSTRUCTIONS: Snip off top-to-bottom slices all around the marshmallows, leaving a sticky core (which you can eat)-each wedge will have a sticky inside and a powdery outside. You should have about 15 petals. Press the sticky sides into the blue sanding sugar. Arrange about 10 petals around the edge of the cupcake so that they extend slightly over the edge. Arrange the remaining petals in a second layer on top of the first. Cut 2 small pieces from the black licorice, dab some frosting on the ends and dip in the yellow sanding sugar. Stand it in the center of the flower. <END>
INPUT: Indian, karahi, vegetable oil, onion, garlic, ginger, tomatoes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken Karahi | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 6 tablespoons vegetable oil; 1 onion, chopped; 2 cloves garlic, chopped; 1 teaspoon ginger, julienne; 2 to 3 fresh tomatoes, diced; 1 teaspoon salt; 1/2 teaspoon chili powder; 1 green chili, finely chopped; 1 teaspoon ground cumin; 1 teaspoon turmeric; 1 pound chicken, cooked; 1 cup water; 1 1/2 teaspoons garam masala; 1/2 teaspoon dried fenugreek; 1/2 green bell pepper, chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat oil in a large deep frying pan adding chopped onions and fry for 4 to 5 minutes on a medium heat or once the onions are slightly brown. Add the garlic and ginger and cook for a further 1 or 2 minutes. Add the tomatoes, salt, chili powder, green chili, ground cumin and turmeric. Turn up the heat and further cook for another 1 minute then put in the chicken. It is very crucial that spices are mixed within the pan at this point to ensure that the chicken cooks with texture and flavor. Add water after stirring the chicken into the spices. Turn down the heat slightly and stir in the garam masa <END>
INPUT: Asian, noodles, Salt, wheat spaghetti, high oil, flank steak, Coarse pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Teriyaki Noodles | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: Salt; 1 pound whole-wheat spaghetti; 3 tablespoons high-temperature cooking oil, such as canola, sunflower, or peanut; 3/4 pound flank steak, patted dry and thinly sliced on an angle; Coarse black pepper; 1 bunch scallions, cleaned and trimmed of root ends and rough tops, sliced on an angle; 1 cup frozen shelled edamame, defrosted; 2 inches fresh gingerroot, peeled and grated or finely chopped; 3 to 4 garlic cloves, grated or chopped; 1/3 cup teriyaki sauce | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Bring a large pot of water to a boil, over medium heat. Salt the water, add the pasta and cook to al dente. Drain the pasta and put it into a serving bowl. Heat the oil in a skillet or wok over high heat. Add the meat and stir-fry for a couple minutes. Add a liberal amount of coarse black pepper, the scallions, edamame, ginger, and garlic. Stir-fry for 2 minutes more and stir in the teriyaki sauce. Add the stir-fry to the noodles and toss. Serve. <END>
INPUT: Indian, vegetable oil, onion, bell pepper, lemongrass, ginger
OUTPUT: TITLE: Green Curry Chicken | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons vegetable oil; 1 medium onion, cut in 8 wedges; 1 green bell pepper, cut in 8 wedges; 1 stalk lemongrass, white bulb only; 1 tablespoon coarsely chopped fresh ginger; 3 tablespoons Thai Green Curry Paste, recipe follows; 2 kaffir lime leaves; 3 cups unsweetened coconut milk, two 13.5-ounce cans; 3/4 cup chicken broth; 1 1/2 pounds skinless, boneless chicken breasts, cut in 1-inch strips; Sea salt; 1 lime, juiced; Fresh Thai basil leaves; Fresh cilantro leaves; Lime wedges, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Place a large, deep skillet over medium heat and coat with the oil. Saute the onion and green peppers for 3 minutes to soften. Split the piece of lemongrass down the middle and whack it with the flat side of a knife to open the flavor. Add the lemongrass, ginger, curry paste and lime leaves to the skillet and stir for 2 minutes. Pour in the coconut milk and chicken broth. Lay the chicken pieces in the mixture to poach; add a pinch of salt. Stir together and simmer over low heat for 10 to 15 minutes. Squeeze in the lime juice and shower with basil and cilantro; serve in dinner bowls with lime w <END>
INPUT: Indian, gazpacho, sherry vinegar, water, coriander seeds, peppercorns
OUTPUT: TITLE: Coconut-Tomato Gazpacho with Coriander - Mint Pickled Shrimp | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups sherry vinegar; 1/2 cup water; 2 tablespoons coriander seeds; 1 tablespoon black peppercorns; 1/2 teaspoon whole cloves; 1/2 teaspoon red pepper flakes; 1/2 pound shelled colossal shrimp, tails intact; 5 sprigs fresh mint; 5 sprigs fresh cilantro; 5 large vine-ripened tomatoes, chopped; 1 small red onion, chopped; 1 (1-inch) piece fresh ginger root, peeled and minced; 1 cup coconut milk; 1 large vine-ripened tomato, whole; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large saucepot, combine the vinegar, water, coriander seeds, peppercorns, cloves, and red pepper flakes. Bring the mixture to a boil over medium-high heat. Add the shrimp, mint, and cilantro. Turn off the heat and allow to cool for 30 minutes. Drain the shrimp. Combine the chopped tomatoes, red onion, ginger, and coconut milk in a blender and puree until smooth. Season the mixture with salt and pepper. Core the whole tomato and add to blender. Pulse the blender 5 times, or until the tomato is coarsely chopped. Transfer the gazpacho to the refrigerator to chill for at least 30 minutes. Ser <END>
INPUT: kolaches, sugar, egg yolk, vanilla, sour cream
OUTPUT: TITLE: Strawberry Kolaches | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 (8-ounce) package cream cheese; 1/4 cup sugar; 1 egg yolk; 1/2 teaspoon vanilla; 1 cup sour cream; 1/2 cup sugar; 4 cups all-purpose flour; 2 packages yeast; 2 eggs, beaten; 1 1/2 teaspoons salt; 1/2 cup margarine (or butter); 1/2 cup warm water; 1 jar strawberry preserves | INSTRUCTIONS: To make topping, combine cream cheese, 1/4 cup sugar, egg yolk, vanilla in a mixer and blend thoroughly. Set aside in refrigerator. Heat sour cream in a saucepan on stovetop until warm. Stir in 1/2 cup sugar, salt and margarine and let cool. Dissolve yeast into warm water according to package directions and add to sour cream mixture. Add 2 eggs and flour then mix well. (Do not knead the dough.) Put dough in greased bowl, then cover and refrigerate overnight. Remove dough from the refrigerator and work into balls and place them in a pan. Flatten dough balls to 1/2-inch, grease with margarine an <END>
INPUT: crushed, beans, unsalted butter, garlic, blanched almonds
OUTPUT: TITLE: Green Beans with Crushed Almonds | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 pound green beans, trimmed; 1 1/2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1 garlic clove, minced; 1/4 cup blanched whole almonds, finely ground | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook beans in a 3-qt. saucepan of boiling salted water until crisp-tender, about 4 minutes, and drain. Melt butter in a large nonstick skillet over moderate heat, then cook garlic, stirring, until it just begins to turn golden, about 1 minute. Add almonds and cook, stirring, until they begin to color slightly, about 2 minutes. Add beans and cook, stirring, until tender and heated through, about 2 minutes. Season with salt and pepper. Cook beans in a 3-qt. saucepan of boiling salted water until crisp-tender, about 4 minutes, and drain. Melt butter in a large nonstick skillet over moderate heat, <END>
INPUT: American, kebabs, glaze, vegetable oil, orange juice concentrate, hoisin sauce, chili powder, olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Steak Kebabs with Orange and Hoisin Glaze | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: Nonstick vegetable oil spray; 1/2 cup frozen orange juice concentrate, thawed; 1/2 cup hoisin sauce; 2 tablespoons chili powder; 1 1/2 tablespoons olive oil; 2 teaspoons (packed) finely grated orange peel; 1 1/2 pounds tenderloin steaks (about 1 1/4 inches thick), cut into 20 cubes; 3 1/3-inch-thick orange slices; Chopped green onions | INSTRUCTIONS: Spray grill rack with nonstick spray and prepare barbecue (medium-high heat). Whisk juice concentrate, hoisin, chili powder, oil, and orange peel in medium bowl; season sauce with salt and pepper. Place beef in large bowl. Sprinkle with salt and pepper; toss to coat. Add 1/4 cup sauce; toss well. Let stand 5 minutes. Cut each orange slice into 6 wedges. Alternate 5 beef cubes and 4 orange wedges on each of 4 metal skewers. Grill kebabs to desired doneness, brushing with more sauce and turning occasionally, about 10 minutes for medium-rare. Place 1 skewer on each of 4 plates; sprinkle with gree <END>
INPUT: Asian, shrimp, crackers, sesame oil, Salt, snow peas, radishes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Shrimp on Wonton Crackers with Slaw | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 3 (16-ounce) packages wonton skins, thawed; 2 tablespoons sesame oil; Salt; 1/2 pound snow peas; 1/2 pound radishes; 1/2 pound carrots; 3 tablespoons black sesame seeds; 1/4 cup mint leaves; 3 tablespoons grated fresh ginger; 1/2 cup orange juice; 1/2 cup rice vinegar; 2 teaspoons grated fresh ginger; 2 teaspoons black sesame seeds; 1 tablespoon mint leaves; 1/4 cup peanut oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Arrange wonton skins in single layer on a flat surface. Cut out circles using a 2-inch cookie cutter. Lightly coat baking sheets with sesame oil, transfer rounds to pan. Drizzle wontons with a little sesame oil, season, to taste, with salt. Bake until lightly browned, about 5 minutes. Let cool completely. The wonton crackers may be made several days ahead and stored at room temperature in an airtight container. Blanch the snow peas in a large pot of rapidly boiling water for 1 minute. Drain well then rinse in cold water to stop the cooking process. Julienne the s <END>
INPUT: Italian, farfalle, olive oil, onion, garlic, cilantro leaves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pineapple and Artichoke Pasta | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 2 pounds farfalle (or your choice of pasta); 1/4 cup olive oil; 1 large red onion, peeled and diced small; 4 cloves garlic, chopped; 3 tablespoons freshly chopped cilantro leaves; 1 tablespoon freshly chopped parsley leaves; 1 fresh pineapple, skin removed, cored and cut into chunks; 2 (16-ounce) cans artichokes, cut into wedges; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 tablespoons balsamic vinegar; 1/8 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 6 sprigs fresh cilantro | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large pot, cook pasta to al dente, drain and set aside. In a large saute pan over medium-high heat, add the olive oil. Once heated, add the onion, garlic, cilantro, and parsley and saute until the onions becomes translucent. Stir in pineapple and cook until it begins to soften. Stir artichokes into saute pan, season with salt and pepper, to taste, and add vinegar. Remove saute pan from the heat, add cooked pasta to saute pan. Pour the extra-virgin olive oil and toss to coat. Transfer pasta to a large serving bowl and garnish with cilantro. Serve family style. <END>
INPUT: cornbread mix, eggs, milk, sugar, creamed corn
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cornbread | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 1/4 cups cornbread mix (recommend: Krusteaz Home-Style Cornbread Mix); 2 eggs; 1/2 cup whole milk; 1/2 cup sugar; 3/4 cup creamed corn (recommend: Del Monte) | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. Line a 12-cup cupcake pan with 2-inch baking cups Add all ingredients to a stand mixer starting with the dry cornbread. Start mixing on the slowest speed until the mixture reaches a semi-liquid consistency about 3 to 5 minutes. Increase mixing speed to medium and continue mixing until the mixture reaches a uniform liquid consistency (note: some corn kernels will remain visible). The "pancake batter" cornbread mixture is now ready for baking. Fill baking cups 2/3 full. We use an ice cream scooper for measuring and to help extract the corn kernels. Bake for 25 minu <END>
INPUT: carrot, half half, heavy cream, vanilla bean, wide orange rind
OUTPUT: TITLE: Carrot and Orange Ice Cream | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups carrot slices; 2 cups half-and-half; 2 cups heavy cream; 1/2 vanilla bean, split lengthwise; 2 wide strips orange rind; 1 cinnamon stick; 9 egg yolks; 3/4 cup sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: In a small saucepan, boil the carrot slices in water until very tender. Drain them then make a puree and reserve it. In a saucepan over medium heat, heat the half-and-half, cream, vanilla, orange rind, and cinnamon stick, whisking occasionally to make sure the mixture doesn't burn or stick to the bottom of the pan. When the cream mixture reaches a fast simmer (do not let it boil), turn off the heat and let the flavors infuse for 10 minutes. Whisk the egg yolks and sugar together. In a thin stream, whisk half of the cream mixture into the egg yolk mixture. Then pour the egg-cream mixture back i <END>
INPUT: Italian, filled, pulled, ricotta cheese, Braised Pork, Salt pepper, squash blossoms, Canola oil peanut
OUTPUT: TITLE: Crispy Squash Blossoms Filled with Pulled Pork and Ricotta | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cups ricotta cheese; Braised Pork, recipe follows; Salt and pepper; 20 squash blossoms; Canola oil or peanut oil, for frying; Rice Batter, recipe follows; Black Pepper Vinaigrette, recipe follows; 1 (2-pound) pork butt, cut into 2-inch cubes; 2 cups your favorite BBQ sauce; 2 cups rice vinegar; 1 large red onion, coarsely chopped; Salt and freshly ground pepper; 2 cups cold water; 2 cups rice flour; Salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Place the ricotta in a strainer lined with cheesecloth over a bowl and let drain in the refrigerator for at least 2 hours. Discard liquid. Combine the strained ricotta and shredded pork in a bowl and season with salt and pepper. Fill each squash blossom with the pork-cheese mixture and twist the top of the blossom to secure the filling while frying. Fill a large, heavy saucepan halfway with oil and heat on the stove until the temperature reaches 360 degrees F. Dredge each filled squash blossom in the rice batter to coat completely. Fry the squash blossoms in batches until lightly golden brown, <END>
INPUT: monster, frosting, food coloring, dozen favorite flavor, Pastry resealable plastic, No. round pastry
OUTPUT: TITLE: Monster Cupcakes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cans white frosting; Green food coloring; 1 dozen favorite flavor store-bought un-iced cupcakes; Pastry bag or resealable plastic bag; No. 7 round pastry tip; 12 green apple gummy rings or green fruit jells; 24 brown chocolate coated candies (recommended: M and M's); Cashew nuts | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. In a bowl mix together the icing with the green food coloring until desired "monster green" is reached. Put the frosting in a pastry bag or resealable plastic bag fitted with pastry tip. Pipe a haphazard squiggle pattern on top of the cupcake until completely covered and slightly mounded. Put a green gummy ring on top. Create eyes for the monster by putting 2 brown coated candies into the center of the green gummy candy. Repeat with the remaining cupcakes. Use cashew nuts to create horns by inserting them into the frosting behind the eyes with the smaller side fa <END>
INPUT: Vegetable oil brushing, water, sugar, light corn syrup
OUTPUT: TITLE: OMG Homemade Marshmallows | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Vegetable oil for brushing pan; 1 cup water, divided; 3 (1/4-ounce) envelopes unflavored gelatin; 1 1/2 cups sugar; 1 cup light corn syrup; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 2 teaspoons vanilla extract; About 1 cup confectioners' sugar for coating marshmallows; Equipment: A 9-inch square metal baking pan; a stand mixer fitted with whisk attachment; a candy thermometer | INSTRUCTIONS: Brush bottom and sides of metal pan with some vegetable oil. Put 1/2 cup water in bowl of stand mixer and sprinkle gelatin over it. Stir it briefly to make sure all the gelatin is in contact with water and let it soften while making the syrup. Heat sugar, corn syrup, salt, and remaining 1/2 cup water in a small heavy saucepan over low heat, stirring until sugar has dissolved, then bring to a boil over medium heat, without stirring. Put thermometer into syrup and continue boiling, without stirring, until it registers 240°F (soft-ball stage). Remove from heat and let stand until bubbles dissipat <END>
INPUT: diver, scallops, virgin olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pan Seared Diver Sea Scallops accompanied by Potato-Cucumber Salad and Verjus du Perigord | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 5.3 ounces (150 grams) baking potatoes, like russets; 3.5 ounces (100 grams) European cucumber; 8.8 ounces (250 grams) chicken stock; 4 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1.8 ounces (50 grams) shallots, chopped; 1.8 ounces (50 grams) cornichons, cut into brunoise; 3 tablespoons cornichon vinegar; Salt and pepper; 5.30 ounces (150 grams) butter, room temperature; 4.2 ounces (120 grams) Italian parsley leaves; Salt; .7 ounces (20 grams) sugar; 7.1 ounces (200 grams) verjus (vinegar from unripened white grapes); 8.8 ounces (250 grams) veal stock; 1.1 ounces (30 grams) creme fraiche | INSTRUCTIONS: Wash, peel, and rewash potatoes. Cut off edges of potato to form a rectangle. Keep edges for cooking with the chicken stock. Slice potato length-wise in 1/4-inch slices. Do the same width-wise, forming 1/4-inch cubes when finished. Wash, peel, and rewash cucumbers. Cut cucumbers in half; scrape the seeds out with a spoon and cut in half one more time. Then cut into diced cubes the same size as potatoes. You should have equal amounts of potatoes to cucumbers. Reduce the chicken stock with the potato edges by 75 percent or until the potato edges until they are soft. Smash the potato edges to for <END>
INPUT: Mexican, bars, all purpose flour, unsalted butter, powdered sugar, slivered almonds, lime peel
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lime Bars | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2 1/4 cups all purpose flour; 1 cup chilled unsalted butter, cut into small pieces; 1/2 cup powdered sugar; 1/4 cup slivered almonds, finely ground; 1 teaspoon grated lime peel; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 1 1/2 cups sugar; 4 large eggs; 3/4 cup fresh lime juice; 1 teaspoon baking powder; Additional powdered sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Generously butter 13x9inch baking pan. Combine 2 cups flour, butter, 1/2 cup powdered sugar, ground almonds, lime peel and salt in processor and process until moist clumps form. Press onto bottom of prepared pan. Bake until edges are golden, about 20 minutes. Whisk sugar, eggs, lime juice, baking powder and remaining 1/4 cup flour in large bowl until well blended. Pour over hot crust. Bake until topping is set and lightly golden, about 25 minutes. Cool in pan on rack. Sift additional powdered sugar over top. Cut into squares. <END>
INPUT: grapefruits, Water, sugar, bittersweet chocolate
OUTPUT: TITLE: Candied Grapefruit Peels | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 grapefruits; Water, to cover peels; 2 1/2 cups sugar; 1 cup sugar, optional; 26 ounces bittersweet chocolate, tempered, optional | INSTRUCTIONS: Using a sharp knife, cut each grapefruit into quarters. Remove the fruit from the peel, leaving the white membrane or pith attached to the peel. Save the fruit for another use. Slice each quarter peel on a diagonal into strips about 1/2-inch wide. If you cut them evenly, they will look nicer when displayed. Place the sliced grapefruit peels in a nonreactive 4-quart heavy-bottomed saucepan and add enough water to cover the peels by about 1-inch. Place over high heat and bring to a rolling boil. Remove from the heat and strain. Return only the peels to the saucepan, cover again with fresh water, <END>
INPUT: olive oil, French bread, onions, parsley, anchovies
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sea Bass with Tomatoes and Onions | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 7 tablespoons olive oil; 4 4x2x1/2-inch French bread slices; 3 cups thinly sliced onions; 1/2 cup chopped fresh parsley; 2 tablespoons chopped canned anchovies (from one 2-ounce can); 1 1/2 tablespoons minced garlic; 1/4 teaspoon dried crushed red pepper; 1 1/4 pounds plum tomatoes, seeded, finely chopped; 3/4 cup dry white wine; 4 8-ounce sea bass fillets (about 1 inch thick) | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350°F. Brush 2 tablespoons oil over both sides of bread slices. Place on baking sheet; bake until lightly toasted, about 12 minutes. Set aside. Increase oven temperature to 500°F. Heat 5 tablespoons oil in large ovenproof skillet over medium-high heat. Add onions, 1/4 cup parsley, anchovies, garlic and red pepper. Sauté until onions begin to soften, about 5 minutes. Stir in tomatoes and wine. Sprinkle fish with salt and pepper. Place fish in same skillet. Spoon vegetables atop fish. Bring to simmer. Cover; bake until fish is opaque in center, about 12 minutes. Transfer fish to  <END>
INPUT: American, sandwich, garlic, rosemary, kosher salt, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pioneer's Scone and Lamb Sandwich | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 (3 to 4 pound) leg of lamb; 6 cloves garlic; 1 tablespoon ground rosemary; 1 tablespoon kosher salt; 1 tablespoon pepper; Pioneer's Sour Dough Scone, recipe follows; Dijon mustard; 1 cup sour dough starter, recipe follows; 2 1/2 cups all-purpose lour, plus more to form a sticky dough; 2 cups warm water; 2 eggs; 2 tablespoons oil; 1 tablespoon sugar; 1 teaspoon baking soda; 1 teaspoon salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. With the point of a knife make small slits, about 1-inch deep, in the fat side of the roast. In each slit stuff 1/2 clove of garlic. Rub the rosemary, salt and pepper over the roast. Place the roast over a bed of mirepoix or in a roasting rack. Cook for 30 minutes. Lower the heat to 250 degrees F. Continue cooking until internal temperature reaches 150 degrees F, about another 1 1/2 to 2 hours. Remove from heat and let rest for 15 minutes before slicing. Serve as an open faced sandwich with 2 to 3 slices of Roast Leg of Lamb with Dijon mustard. The night befo <END>
INPUT: pulled, bacon, onion, garlic, tomato paste
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pulled Pork Soup | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: For the soup:; 4 slices bacon, chopped; 1 onion, chopped; 4 cloves garlic; 3 tablespoons tomato paste; 4 teaspoons smoked paprika; 1 tablespoon Creole seasoning; 1 tablespoon chili powder; 1 tablespoon vegetable oil; 3 pounds bone-in country-style pork ribs, trimmed of excess fat; 1/4 cup apple cider vinegar; 2 tablespoons molasses; 1 14-ounce can diced fire-roasted tomatoes; 4 cups low-sodium chicken broth; 1 15-ounce can great Northern beans, drained and rinsed | INSTRUCTIONS: Make the soup: Combine the bacon, onion, garlic, tomato paste, smoked paprika, Creole seasoning and chili powder in a food processor; pulse to make a coarse paste. Heat the vegetable oil in a Dutch oven or heavy-bottomed pot over medium heat. Add the bacon-spice paste and cook, stirring occasionally, until dark brown, about 6 minutes. Add the ribs, turning to coat. Stir in the vinegar and molasses, scraping up any browned bits from the bottom of the pot. Stir in the tomatoes, chicken broth and 2 cups water. Cover and bring to a simmer, then reduce the heat to low and gently simmer, stirring on <END>
INPUT: plum tomatoes, quick grits, Kosher salt pepper, bacon, eggs
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tomato Grits with Fried Eggs | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 large plum tomatoes; 3/4 cup quick-cooking grits; Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper; 4 slices bacon; 4 large eggs; 1 cup grated cheddar cheese | INSTRUCTIONS: Grate 3 tomatoes into a bowl, discarding any remaining skin. Chop the remaining tomato and set aside. Bring 3 cups water to a boil in a medium saucepan. Add the grits and the grated tomatoes; reduce the heat to medium and cook, stirring occasionally, until thickened, about 5 minutes. Season with salt and pepper. Remove from the heat and cover to keep warm. Meanwhile, cook the bacon in a medium nonstick skillet over medium-high heat, turning, until crisp, about 8 minutes. Remove to a paper towel-lined plate; discard all but 1 tablespoon drippings from the skillet. Let the bacon cool slightly, t <END>
INPUT: pastry, dough, all purpose flour, salt, well sour cream, ice water
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sour Cream Pastry Dough | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 1/2 sticks (1 1/4 cups) cold unsalted butter; 3 1/4 cups all-purpose flour; 1 teaspoon salt; 1 1/4 cups well-chilled sour cream; 4 to 6 tablespoons ice water | INSTRUCTIONS: Cut butter into 1/2-inch cubes. Cut butter into 1/2-inch cubes. To blend by hand: In a bowl with your fingertips or a pastry blender blend together flour, butter, and salt until most of mixture resembles coarse meal with remainder in small (roughly pea-size) lumps. Stir in sour cream with a fork just until incorporated. Drizzle 4 tablespoons ice water over mixture and gently stir just until incorporated. Test mixture by gently squeezing a small handful: When it has proper texture it should hold together without crumbling apart. If necessary, add enough remaining water, 1 tablespoon at a time,  <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, pancake, wraps, eggs, butter, heavy cream, soda water, flour
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spinach and Feta Pancake Wraps | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 4 eggs; 3 tablespoons melted butter; 1 cup heavy cream; 1 cup soda water; 1 1/2 cups flour; 1 pinch salt; 1 egg white beaten to soft peaks; 2 tablespoons butter; 1 clove minced garlic; 2 pounds baby spinach; 1 1/2 cups crumbled feta; 1/2 cup grated Parmesan; 1 cup toasted pine nuts | INSTRUCTIONS: Mix together eggs, butter, cream, and water. Mix together flour and salt. Whisk wet mixture into flour until smooth. Fold in egg whites and let rest for 15 minutes. Place a nonstick pan over medium heat lightly brush with oil. Place 1 ounce of batter in pan and saute both sides until lightly brown. Repeat with remaining batter. For the filling, melt the butter in a large saute pan and add the garlic. When the garlic browns slightly, add the spinach. Saute until spinach is cooked and let cool. Mix with remaining ingredients. Place 2 tablespoons of filling in each pancake and roll them up. Place <END>
INPUT: tamale, cornhusks, masa, vegetable oil, baking powder, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Apple with Pecan Tamale | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 pounds dry cornhusks, for wrapping; 2 1/2 pounds fresh masa; 1 cup vegetable oil; 2 tablespoons baking powder; 1 tablespoon salt; 1 1/2 cups brown sugar; 2 tablespoons ground cinnamon; 2 (12-ounce) cans apple pie filling; 2 (2 1/2-ounce) packets chopped pecans | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Clean and soak the cornhusks in warm water for 1 hour. In a bowl, mix by hand the masa, oil, baking powder and salt. Add the brown sugar and cinnamon and mix well. Gently mix in the apple pie filling and pecans. For small tamales, place about 3 tablespoons filling on the smooth side of 1 cornhusk and wrap. There is no rule to wrapping tamales, just do the best you can and have fun. However, peeling apart a cornhusk into strips and using as ties to hold together each tamale is helpful. Bring water to a boil in a tamale pot or steamer. Steam the tamales over medium <END>
INPUT: puree, garlic, chicken stock, beans, olive oil, wine vinegar
OUTPUT: TITLE: White Bean Puree | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cloves garlic; 2 cups chicken stock; 2 cups canned white beans; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 2 teaspoons white wine vinegar; 1 teaspoon salt; 1/8 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; Hot pepper sauce | INSTRUCTIONS: In a saucepan, sweat the garlic in chicken stock. Add the beans and cook until heated through. Transfer the mixture to a food processor or blender and puree with the remaining ingredients, except hot pepper sauce. Adjust seasoning, and add hot sauce, to taste. Keep warm until ready to serve. <END>
INPUT: Indian, golden, brittle, vegetable oil, cashews, sugar, light corn syrup, kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Golden Cashew-Curry Brittle | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: Nonstick vegetable oil spray; 1 cup cashews; 1/8 cup sugar; 1/4 cup light corn syrup; 1 teaspoon kosher salt; 3/4 teaspoons curry powder; 1 tablespoon unsalted butter; 3/4 teaspoons baking soda; A candy thermometer; Latex or other food-grade disposable gloves | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350°. Lightly coat a silicone baking mat or parchment paper with nonstick spray. Toast cashews on an unlined rimmed baking sheet, tossing once, until just beginning to brown, 5.8 minutes. Let cool. Meanwhile, bring sugar, corn syrup, and 1/4 cup water to a boil in a medium saucepan fitted with a thermometer over medium-high heat, stirring to dissolve sugar. Boil, swirling pan occasionally (at this point, you do not want to stir; doing so could encourage the sugar to crystallize), until thermometer registers 230°. Add salt, curry powder, and cashews and stir, making sure cashews <END>
INPUT: canola oil, onion, garlic, bell pepper, Canadian bacon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Braised Shrimp | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons canola oil; 1 onion, diced; 4 cloves garlic, crushed; 1 green bell pepper, diced; 4 ounces Canadian bacon, diced; 1 large tomato, chopped; 1 (15-ounce) can crushed tomatoes; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh cilantro leaves; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh oregano leaves; 2 lemons, juiced; 12 jumbo shrimp, peeled and de-veined | INSTRUCTIONS: In a 12-inch nonstick saute pan, heat canola oil over medium heat. Add onion, garlic, and bell pepper and saute until crisp-tender. Add Canadian bacon, tomato, canned tomatoes, cilantro, oregano, and lemon juice and bring just to a simmer. Add shrimp and cook for 5 minutes, or until the shrimp is just cooked through. Serve warm with toothpicks. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, honey, lime, all purpose flour, wheat flour
OUTPUT: TITLE: Honey Whole-Wheat Pancakes with Honey Lime Butter | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 4 tablespoons (1/2 stick) butter, softened; 1/4 cup honey; 1 lime, zest finely grated; 1 1/2 cups all-purpose flour; 1/2 cup whole-wheat flour; 1/2 teaspoon baking soda; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/4 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 2 cups buttermilk; 2 eggs; 4 tablespoons (1/2 stick) butter, melted, plus more for cooking pancakes; 1 tablespoon honey | INSTRUCTIONS: For the butter: Whisk the butter, the honey, and lime zest in a bowl until smooth, or pulse to combine them in a mini food processor. Refrigerate until ready to serve with the pancakes. For the pancakes: Whisk together the flours, baking soda, salt, and cinnamon in a large bowl. In a separate bowl, whisk together the buttermilk, eggs, melted butter, and honey. Stir the wet ingredients into the dry ingredients until just combined; don't worry about lumps. Melt 1 tablespoon of butter in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Working in batches, drop the batter, about 1/4 cup at a time, into the  <END>
INPUT: Mexican, puffs, water, butter, salt, all purpose flour, eggs
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chorizo and Manchego Puffs | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups water; 1 stick butter, cut into a few pieces; Pinch salt; 2 cups all-purpose flour; 8 eggs; 1 1/4 cups chopped Spanish chorizo sausage; 2 1/2 cups mascarpone; 1 1/2 cups grated aged manchego cheese; 1/4 cup finely chopped chives; 1 1/2 teaspoons pimenton (Spanish paprika); Kosher salt | INSTRUCTIONS: For the puffs: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Place the water, butter, and salt in a large saucepan. Bring the mixture to a boil and stir until the butter melts. Stir in all the flour at once and stir with a wooden spoon. Stir and cook until a dough forms and pulls away from the sides of the pan, 2 to 3 minutes. The mixture will be in a tight ball and not stick to the sides or bottom of the pan. Remove from the heat and transfer the dough to the bowl of a standing mixer and let cool for 3 or 4 minutes. With the mixer on low speed, add the eggs, 1 at a time, making sure the first egg is com <END>
INPUT: pork loin, Kosher salt pepper, parsley leaves, dates, olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sausage and Spinach-Stuffed Bone-In Pork Loin | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 bone-in pork loin (about 4 pounds or 6 ribs), chine bone removed (see Cook's Note); Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 cup fresh parsley leaves, plus chopped fresh parsley, for garnish; 1/2 cup pitted dates; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 2 cloves garlic; 2 pounds crumbled sweet Italian sausage, browned and drained; 2 cups baby spinach; 2 tablespoons all-purpose flour; 1/2 cup dry white wine; 1 tablespoon stone-ground mustard | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 500 degrees F. Place the pork loin bone-side down on a work surface. Insert the blade of a very sharp knife along the rib bones and slice down but not all the way through (stop about an inch from the bottom). This will release the loin from the ribs. Open the meat up a bit, turn your knife sideways and continue to slice through the meat, opening it up as it goes until you have a flat piece of pork (which will be rolled up back to the bones once stuffed with filling). Gently pound until even. Season all sides with salt and pepper. In a food processor, add the parsley, dates, <END>
INPUT: salad, boiling potatoes, cider vinegar, coarse grained mustard, olive oil, haricots verts
OUTPUT: TITLE: Potato, Green Bean, and Corn Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 pounds small white boiling potatoes (about 2 inches in diameter); 5 tablespoons cider vinegar; 3 tablespoons coarse-grained mustard; cup plus 2 tablespoons olive oil, or to taste; 1 pound haricots verts (thin French green beans) or regular green beans; 6 ears corn | INSTRUCTIONS: In a kettle cover potatoes with salted cold water by 2 inches and simmer until just tender, about 25 minutes. Drain potatoes in a colander. When potatoes are just cool enough to handle, halve larger ones and in a large bowl toss potatoes with 2 tablespoons vinegar. In a small bowl whisk together mustard, remaining 3 tablespoons vinegar, and salt and pepper to taste. Add oil in a slow stream, whisking until emulsified. Dressing may be made 1 day ahead and chilled, covered. Bring dressing to room temperature before using. Trim beans and, working over a bowl, cut corn kernels from cobs. Have read <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, falafel, turkey sausage, virgin olive oil, chickpeas, onion, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sausage Falafel with Romaine and Yogurt Sauce | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 9 ounces turkey sausage; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 15-ounce can chickpeas, rinsed and drained; 1/2 a medium onion, chopped, 2/3 cup; 2 garlic cloves, finely chopped; 1 teaspoon cumin; 1/2 cup all-purpose flour; 1/2 teaspoon baking powder; Kosher salt and finely ground black pepper; 1 cup greek-style yogurt; 2 tablespoons lime juice; 2 romaine hearts, chopped; Hot sauce | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Pulse the chick peas, onion, garlic, cumin, 1 teaspoon salt, and 1/2 teaspoon pepper in a food processor until finely chopped. Sprinkle with the flour, baking powder, then pulse until just combined. Transfer to a medium mixing bowl and add the sausage, stirring together with your hands. Cover and move to the refrigerator to chill for 30 minutes. Once chilled, divide the mixture into tablespoons, rolling into 1-inch sized balls with wet hands. Heat the olive oil in a large pan over medium heat. In two batches, add the falafel balls and cook until lightly brown <END>
INPUT: gratin, sweet Italian sausages, low salt chicken, wine, apricot nectar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sweet Potato and Sausage Gratin with Thyme | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 pound sweet Italian sausages, casings removed; 1 1/3 cups canned low-salt chicken broth; 1 1/3 cups dry white wine; 1 1/3 cups apricot nectar; 4 tablespoons (1/2 stick) butter; 4 cups sliced leeks (white and pale green parts only; about 4 leeks); 2 1/2 pounds tan-skinned sweet potatoes, peeled, thinly sliced; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh thyme or 1 tablespoon dried; 2/3 cup freshly grated Parmesan cheese (about 2 ounces) | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 400° F. Cook sausages in heavy large skillet over medium-high heat until brown and cooked through, crumbling with back of spoon, about 6 minutes. Using slotted spoon, place sausage in small bowl. Pour off any drippings in skillet. Add broth, wine, apricot nectar and 2 tablespoons butter to same skillet; boil until liquid is reduced to 1 1/2 cups, about 15 minutes. Pour into another bowl. Melt 2 tablespoons butter in same skillet over medium heat. Add leeks and sauté until tender, about 10 minutes. (Can be prepared 1 day ahead. Cover and refrigerate sausage, broth mixture and le <END>
INPUT: Asian, salad, kumquats, seasoned rice vinegar, shallot, vegetable oil, ginger
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spinach Salad with Almonds and Kumquats | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1/3 cup thinly sliced seeded kumquats; 2 1/2 tablespoons seasoned rice vinegar; 2 tablespoons finely chopped shallot; 1 tablespoon vegetable oil; 2 teaspoons minced peeled fresh ginger; 1/2 teaspoon Asian sesame oil; 1 5-ounce package baby spinach; 1/2 cup sliced almonds, toasted; 1/4 cup chopped fresh cilantro; 1 cup sliced mushrooms (optional) | INSTRUCTIONS: Chop enough kumquats to measure 1 tablespoon. Mix kumquats, vinegar, shallot, vegetable oil, ginger, and sesame oil in large bowl. Season with salt and pepper. Add spinach, almonds, cilantro, sliced kumquats, and mushrooms, if desired. Chop enough kumquats to measure 1 tablespoon. Mix kumquats, vinegar, shallot, vegetable oil, ginger, and sesame oil in large bowl. Season with salt and pepper. Add spinach, almonds, cilantro, sliced kumquats, and mushrooms, if desired. <END>
INPUT: Italian, salad, fennel bulb, chicken broth, lemon juice, virgin olive oil, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Arugula, Fennel, and Parmesan Salad | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 medium fennel bulb; 2 tablespoons chicken broth; 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice; 1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil; 1/4 teaspoon sugar; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1/2 pound arugula, stems removed; 1 small red onion, coarsely chopped; 1 (2-ounce) piece fresh Parmesan | INSTRUCTIONS: Remove fronds, stalks, and tough outer layer from fennel. Halve bulb lengthwise and cut into paper-thin slices with a mandoline or other manual slicer. Whisk together broth, lemon juice, oil, sugar, and salt and pepper, to taste, in a large bowl. Add fennel, arugula, and onion, then toss together. Thinly shave enough Parmesan with a vegetable peeler to measure 1/4 cup. Serve salad sprinkled with Parmesan. <END>
INPUT: russet, two containers whipped, sour cream, eggs
OUTPUT: TITLE: Potato "Soufflé" | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 russet (baking) potatoes (about 3 pounds); two 4-ounce containers of whipped cream cheese with chives; 1/4 cup sour cream; 1/2 stick (1/4 cup) unsalted butter, melted; 2 large eggs, beaten lightly | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 400°F. and lightly grease a 2-quart soufflé or baking dish. Peel potatoes and quarter. In a large saucepan cover potatoes with salted cold water by 1-inch and simmer until tender, about 20 minutes. Drain potatoes and while still warm force through a ricer or medium disk of a food mill into a bowl. Beat in remaining ingredients with salt and pepper to taste until combined well. Transfer potato mixture to prepared dish and bake 40 to 45 minutes, or until top is pale golden. Preheat oven to 400°F. and lightly grease a 2-quart soufflé or baking dish. Peel potatoes and quarter. In a <END>
INPUT: American, strong, Gingerbread Simple, sugar, water
OUTPUT: TITLE: Gingerbread Cookie Cocktail | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: strong; Gingerbread Simple Syrup:; /strong; 1 cup sugar; 1 cup water; 2 tablespoons light molasses; 1-inch piece fresh gingerroot, peeled, sliced; 2 cinnamon sticks; 1 teaspoon whole cloves; Gingerbread Cookie Cocktail:; Orange wedge; Brown sugar; 1 oz Gingerbread Simple Syrup (2 tablespoons); 1 oz vanilla vodka (2 tablespoons); 1 oz half-and-half (2 tablespoons) | INSTRUCTIONS: To make Gingerbread Simple Syrup, mix sugar, water, molasses, gingerroot, cinnamon sticks and cloves in 1-quart saucepan. Heat to boiling over medium-high heat, stirring until sugar is dissolved. Remove from heat; set aside 1 hour to cool. Strain into glass jar; discard spices. Cover jar, and refrigerate until needed. Makes about 1 1/2 cups. To garnish glass, moisten rim of chilled martini glass with orange wedge. Sprinkle brown sugar onto small plate, and dip moistened rim into the sugar to coat lightly. To prepare cocktail, fill cocktail shaker with ice. Add gingerbread simple syrup, vodka,  <END>
INPUT: scented, diameter truffles from, turkey, thyme, parsley
OUTPUT: TITLE: Truffle-Scented Roast Turkey with Shallots and Chestnuts | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 1-inch-diameter black truffles from jar*; 6 tablespoons (3/4 stick) butter, room temperature; 1 16-pound turkey, neck reserved; 8 large fresh thyme sprigs; 4 large fresh parsley sprigs; 6 bay leaves; 12 large shallots (about 1 1/2 pounds), peeled, cut in half; 3 cups (or more) canned low-salt chicken broth; 1/2 cup Cognac or brandy; 3 tablespoons all purpose flour; 3 7.4-ounce jars whole roasted peeled chestnuts*; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley | INSTRUCTIONS: Coarsely chop 1 1/2 truffles; place in processor. Add butter; process mixture until well blended and truffles are finely chopped, about 1 minute. Season truffle butter with salt and pepper. Thinly slice remaining 1/2 truffle; cover and chill. Rinse turkey inside and out; pat dry with paper towels. Sprinkle main cavity with salt and pepper. Starting at neck end, carefully slide hand between skin and breast meat to loosen skin. Rub truffle butter, 1 tablespoon at a time, over breast meat under skin. Rub any truffle butter that remains on hands all over outside of turkey. Place turkey on small ra <END>
INPUT: Asian, spider, roll, all purpose flour, cornstarch, egg, seltzer, few ice cubes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spider Roll: Soft Shell Crab Roll | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup all purpose flour; 1/2 cup cornstarch; 1 whole egg beaten; 1 to 2 cups seltzer; A few ice cubes; 1 nori sheet; 1/2 cup sushi rice; 1/8 avocado; 2 tablespoons Spicy Mayonnaise, recipe follows; 3 egg yolks*; 1 teaspoon chopped shallot; 1/2 clove garlic; 1 tablespoon lime juice; 2 teaspoons seasoned rice vinegar; 1 teaspoon miso paste | INSTRUCTIONS: For the Tempura Batter: In a mixing bowl, blend the dry ingredients. Stir in the egg, and while stirring, pour in the seltzer, 1/2 cup at a time. Stir to completely combine ingredients. Add enough seltzer so that the blend is the consistency of unwhipped heavy cream. Stir in a few ice cubes to keep the batter very cold. Preheat oil to 350 degrees F. Dip softshell crab into tempura batter. Fry crab until it turns golden brown. Remove and place on paper towels to drain. Cut into thirds. Place all ingredients on bamboo mat in the following order: nori, rice, crab, avocado, and spicy mayonnaise an <END>
INPUT: Asian, topped, miso, mirin, sake, sugar, rice vinegar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Miso marinated Sole topped with Jasmine Rice with Fried Ginger and Orange Fennel Salad and Braised B | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup white miso; 1/4 cup mirin; 1/4 cup sake; 1/4 cup brown sugar; 3 tablespoons rice vinegar; 3 tablespoons soy sauce; 1 (1-inch) piece ginger root, sliced; 2 garlic cloves, minced; 3 fillets sole; Oil, to saute; Jasmine Rice, recipe follows; Orange Fennel Salad, recipe follows; Braised Boy Choy, recipe follows; 1/4 cup olive oil; 1 tablespoon sliced ginger | INSTRUCTIONS: In a medium sized bowl, combine all of the ingredients and stir to combine. Marinate the sole fillets in the mixture for approximately 1/2 hour. Heat a large saute pan over medium heat. Add enough oil to lightly coat the bottom of the pan and heat. Add the sole fillets and cook the marinated sole for approximately 4 minutes per side, or until they are cooked through. A viewer, who may not be a professional cook, provided this recipe. The FN chefs have not tested this recipe and therefore, we cannot make representation as to the results. In a medium sized saute pan, heat oil over medium-high he <END>
INPUT: cupcakes, bittersweet, eggs, egg yolks, sugar, whipping cream
OUTPUT: TITLE: Bittersweet Chocolate Cupcakes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 24 ounces bittersweet (not unsweetened) or semisweet chocolate, chopped; 5 large eggs; 3 large egg yolks; 1 cup sugar; 1/2 cup whipping cream; 1/4 cup (1/2 stick) unsalted butter, cut into pieces | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 375°F. Lightly butter eighteen 1/3-cup muffin cups. Stir 16 ounces chopped bittersweet chocolate in top of double boiler set over simmering water until melted and smooth. Cool slightly. Using electric mixer, beat eggs, egg yolks and sugar in large bowl until pale yellow and tripled in volume, about 5 minutes. Add melted chocolate and beat until blended. Divide cupcake batter equally among prepared muffin cups, filling cups about 3/4 full. Bake cupcakes until puffed and cracked on top, about 12 minutes. Cool to room temperature. Run knife around sides of muffin cups to loosen cu <END>
INPUT: American, Delicious apples, Golden Delicious apples, sugar, all purpose flour, cinnamon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Apple Cinnamon Pie with Vanilla Ice Cream | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 pounds Red Delicious apples, 1/4-inch-thick slices; 1 1/2 pounds Golden Delicious apples, peeled, cored, cut into 1/4-inch-thick slices; 1/4 cup plus 1 tablespoon sugar; 1/4 cup all purpose flour; 3 1/2 teaspoons ground cinnamon; 1 tablespoon cider vinegar; 1/2 teaspoon salt; Basic Pie Crust; 1/4 cup honey; 1 tablespoon milk; Vanilla ice cream | INSTRUCTIONS: Position rack in bottom third of oven and preheat oven to 400° F. Combine sliced apples, 1/4 cup sugar, flour, 2 teaspoons ground cinnamon, vinegar and salt in large bowl; toss to blend. Roll out 1 dough disk on lightly floured surface to 13-inch round. Transfer to 9-inch-diameter deep-dish glass pie dish. Trim overhang to 1/2 inch. Brush edge of crust lightly with water. Transfer apple mixture to crust, mounding in center and pressing lightly to compact. Drizzle with honey. Sprinkle with 1 teaspoon cinnamon. Roll out second dough disk to 13-inch round. Place atop apples. Trim dough overhang t <END>
INPUT: sangria, granulated sugar, vanilla bean, Lillet Blanc aperitif, soda water, lemon juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Vanilla, Starfruit and Champagne Sangria | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 cup granulated sugar; 1 vanilla bean; 2 cups Lillet Blanc aperitif wine; 1 cup soda water; 2 1/2 tablespoons lemon juice; 1 pound starfruit, cut into 1/8-inch-thick slices (about 2 medium); One 750-milliliter bottle champagne or sparkling white wine, chilled; Gold sanding sugar, for serving | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring the granulated sugar and 1/2 cup water to a boil in a small saucepan, stirring until the sugar has dissolved. Halve the vanilla bean lengthwise, scrape out the seeds with a knife, then add the seeds and pod to the saucepan. Boil the syrup for 1 minute more. Let cool, then transfer the syrup to a 3-quart pitcher. Add the Lillet, soda water and 2 tablespoons of the lemon juice to the pitcher, and stir to combine. Add the starfruit, and cover the pitcher with plastic wrap. Refrigerate the sangria to chill, at least 4 hours up to overnight. When ready to serve, put the remaining 1/2 tablespo <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, onion, olive oil, balsamic vinegar, couscous, boiling water
OUTPUT: TITLE: Couscous with Red Onion and Chives | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 cup chopped red onion; 3/4 teaspoon olive oil; 1 tablespoon balsamic vinegar; 1/3 cup couscous; 1/2 cup boiling water; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh chives | INSTRUCTIONS: In a saucepan cook onion in oil over moderately low heat, stirring, until softened. Add vinegar and cook 1 minute. Remove pan from heat and stir in couscous, boiling water, and salt and pepper to taste. Let couscous mixture stand, covered, 5 minutes. Fluff couscous with a fork and stir in chives. In a saucepan cook onion in oil over moderately low heat, stirring, until softened. Add vinegar and cook 1 minute. Remove pan from heat and stir in couscous, boiling water, and salt and pepper to taste. Let couscous mixture stand, covered, 5 minutes. Fluff couscous with a fork and stir in chives. <END>
INPUT: rice, vegetable oil, onion, bell peppers, celery, kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Red Beans and Rice | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons vegetable oil; 1 medium onion, chopped; 2 medium green bell peppers, chopped; 3 stalks celery, chopped; 2 teaspoons kosher salt; 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 5 cloves garlic, minced; 12 ounces pickled pork, cut into 1-inch pieces, recipe follows; 3 bay leaves; 1 teaspoon dried thyme; 1 teaspoon hot sauce; 1/2 teaspoon cayenne pepper; 2 quarts water; 1 pound red kidney beans, rinsed and picked of debris; 3 cups water | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Place the vegetable oil in a 7-quart Dutch oven and set over medium-high heat. Add the onion, bell pepper, celery, salt and pepper to the pot. Cook, stirring frequently, until the onions and celery are semi-translucent and the bell peppers are tender, 6 to 8 minutes. Add the garlic and cook for 1 to 2 minutes, stirring constantly. Add the pickled pork, bay leaves, thyme, hot sauce, cayenne pepper, water and beans to the pot and increase the heat to high. Cook, stirring frequently until the mixture comes to a boil, approximately 6 to 8 minutes. Decrease the heat t <END>
INPUT: saute, baby corn, snow peas, butter, Salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Baby Corn and Snow Pea Saute | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 can baby corn; 2 cups snow peas; 3 tablespoons butter; Salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Cut baby corn into 1/4-inch slices. Cut snow peas diagonally into 1/2-inch slices. To a heated pan, add butter. Add corn, snow peas, a splash of water, and salt. Saute for a few minutes until snow peas are just cooked but still a bit crispy.; <END>
INPUT: American, salad, ghouls, Flour tortillas, onion powder, Salt pepper, chicken breast halves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Vampire Chicken-Beet Salad with Scallions and Goat Cheese and Onion Toasted Ghouls | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: Cooking spray; Flour tortillas (white, red and green); 1 to 2 teaspoons onion powder; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 4 cooked chicken breast halves, cut into 2-inch pieces; 2 cups sliced beets (jarred or canned); 1/4 cup freshly chopped scallions; 3 tablespoons cider vinegar; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 2 teaspoons Dijon mustard; 4 Bibb lettuce leaves; 1/3 cup crumbled goat cheese | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: Halloween-themed cookie cutters Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. Coat a large baking sheet with cooking spray. Using the Halloween-themed cookie cutters, cut tortillas into fun shapes. Arrange tortillas on prepared baking sheet and spray with cooking spray. Season the tops with onion powder, salt and black pepper. Bake for 6 minutes, until crisp. Meanwhile, in a large bowl, combine chicken, beets and scallions. Toss to combine, allowing beets to color chicken. In a small bowl, whisk together vinegar, oil and mustard. Pour mixture over chicken mixture and toss to combine. Seaso <END>
INPUT: mousse, unflavored gelatin, lemon juice, mascarpone cheese, sour cream, hard eggs
OUTPUT: TITLE: Smoked Salmon and Chive Mascarpone Mousse with Pink Pickled Onions | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 teaspoon unflavored gelatin; 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 1 1/2 cups mascarpone cheese (about 3/4 pound); 3/4 cup sour cream; 2 hard-cooked large eggs; 1 tablespoon drained bottled horseradish, or to taste; 3/4 pound sliced smoked salmon; 1/2 cup chopped fresh chives; About 2 cups pink pickled onions (recipe follows); 2 medium red onions, chopped; 1/2 cup cider vinegar; 1 1/2 teaspoons salt; Garnish: chive blossoms; Accompaniment: Melba toasts and/or sesame flatbread | INSTRUCTIONS: To prepare the salmon: In a small saucepan sprinkle gelatin over lemon juice and soften 10 minutes. In a bowl with an electric mixer beat together mascarpone and 1/2 cup sour cream until combined well. Quarter eggs and with back of a spoon force through a coarse sieve into mascarpone mixture. Add horseradish and stir well. Add remaining 1/4 cup sour cream to gelatin mixture and heat over moderately low heat, stirring, just until gelatin is dissolved. Add gelatin mixture to mascarpone mixture and stir well. Cut about one third salmon into strips and arrange 1 in every other ridge of a 3-cup bri <END>
INPUT: herbs, gelee, lemons, vegetable broth, sheet gelatin, tuna, sourdough bread
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tomato with Fresh Tuna, Herbs, and Lemon Gelee | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 lemons; 1 cup vegetable broth; 1 sheet gelatin; 2 pounds fresh tuna; 4 slices sourdough bread; 3 tablespoons lemon juice; 4 hard boiled eggs; 2 tablespoons chiffonaded parsley; 2 tablespoons chiffonaded chives; 2 tablespoons chiffonaded chervil; 2 tablespoons chiffonaded tarragon; 2 tablespoons chiffonaded cilantro; 2 tablespoons olive oil, plus extra, for plating; Salt and pepper; 4 tomatoes | INSTRUCTIONS: For the Lemon Gelee: Cut the zest off of the lemons. In hot broth, add the zest, and let soak for 30 minutes. Drain the zest out of the broth. Add the gelatin to the broth and soak for a few minutes to dissolve. Refrigerate for 30 minutes, or until jelled. Cut tuna into small dice with no sinew. Cut bread into small dice, same as the tuna, and soak tuna and bread in lemon juice. Peel eggs and crush with a fork. In a small bowl mix tuna, eggs, herbs, olive oil, salt and pepper. Keep refrigerated. Blanch, peel, halve, and remove seeds from the tomato. Slice tomatoes. Garnish plate with lemon gel <END>
INPUT: Indian, spice, crusted, carrots, Kosher salt, sugar, English mustard powder, hot smoked Spanish
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spice-Crusted Carrots with Harissa Yogurt | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 2 pounds small carrots, scrubbed, tops trimmed to 1/2"; Kosher salt; 1 tablespoon sugar; 1 teaspoon English mustard powder; 1 teaspoon hot smoked Spanish paprika; 1 teaspoon ground cumin; 1/2 teaspoon ground coriander or fennel; 4 tablespoons vegetable oil, divided; Freshly ground black pepper; 1/2 cup plain Greek yogurt; 1 tablespoon harissa paste; 2 teaspoons chopped fresh thyme, plus more; 1/2 teaspoon finely grated lemon zest, plus more; Lemon wedges (for serving) | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook carrots in a large pot of boiling salted water until crisp-tender and skins easily rub off, about 5 minutes; drain. Transfer to a bowl of ice water. Using paper towels, gently rub carrots to remove skins and pat dry. Mix sugar, mustard powder, paprika, cumin, and coriander in a small bowl. Toss carrots with 1 tablespoon oil in a medium bowl. Add spice mixture; season with salt and pepper and toss to coat. Heat remaining 3 tablespoons oil in a large skillet, preferably cast iron. Working in 2 batches, cook carrots, turning occasionally, until deep brown all over, 6–8 minutes; season with s <END>
INPUT: Asian, slaw, lemongrass, habanero chile, garlic, orange juice, fish sauce
OUTPUT: TITLE: Habanero-Marinated Pork Chops With Mustard Greens Slaw | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 2 lemongrass stalks, tough outer layers removed; 1 habanero chile, seeded, very finely chopped; 2 garlic cloves, crushed; 1/2 cup fresh orange juice; 2 tablespoons fish sauce (such as nam pla or nuoc nam); 2 tablespoons light brown sugar; 6 tablespoons unseasoned rice vinegar, divided; 4 (1/2"-thick) bone-in pork chops; 3 tablespoons olive oil, plus more for grill; Kosher salt, freshly ground pepper; 1 jicama, peeled, sliced 1/4" thick; 1 bunch mustard greens, thick stems removed, sliced (about 8 cups); 1/2 cup torn basil leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: Using the back of a chef's knife, lightly smash lemongrass, then thinly slice. Combine lemongrass, chile, garlic, orange juice, fish sauce, brown sugar, and 4 tablespoons vinegar in a small bowl. Pour half of marinade into a large resealable plastic bag; reserve remaining marinade. Prick pork chops all over with a fork and add to bag; seal and turn to coat. Let marinate at room temperature, turning occasionally, at least 30 minutes. Prepare grill for medium-high heat; oil grate. Remove pork chops from marinade and pat dry. Season with salt and pepper. Grill, turning occasionally, until charred <END>
INPUT: salad, wine vinegar, honey, Italian seasoning, garlic, Salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Italian Chopped Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup red wine vinegar; 2 tablespoons honey; 1 teaspoon dried Italian seasoning; 2 cloves garlic, smashed and chopped; Salt and freshly cracked black pepper; 1/2 cup olive oil; 1 pound bacon; 2 cups ditalini pasta, cooked al dente and cooled; 1 cup crumbled gorgonzola; 2 hearts romaine, chopped; 1/4 small head red cabbage, chopped; 1/4 head iceberg, chopped; 1 to 2 large tomatoes, chopped; 1/2 small red onion, minced | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper. For the dressing: Place the vinegar, honey, Italian seasoning, garlic and some salt and pepper in a blender or food processor. While the machine is running, slowly drizzle the olive oil until the dressing is combined and emulsified. Adjust the seasoning if necessary, or add more oil if you want it less acidic. For the salad: Lay out the bacon in rows on the prepared baking sheet. Place in the oven on the upper rack and cook until crisp, 10 to 15 minutes. Once it is nice and crispy, chop  <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, spice, rubbed, garlic, paprika, coriander seeds, cumin seeds, Kosher salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Olive-and-Spice-Rubbed Leg of Lamb | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 3 cloves garlic; 2 teaspoons paprika; 2 teaspoons coriander seeds, crushed; 1/2 teaspoon cumin seeds, crushed; Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper; 1/2 cup pitted mixed green and black olives; 1/2 cup fresh parsley; 1/4 cup fresh cilantro; Juice of 1 lemon; 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened; 1 5- to 7-pound boneless leg of lamb, butterflied and trimmed of surface fat (have the butcher do this for you) | INSTRUCTIONS: Puree the garlic, paprika, coriander, cumin, 1 tablespoon salt and 1/2 teaspoon pepper into a paste in a mini food processor. Add the olives, parsley, cilantro and lemon juice; pulse to chop. Add the butter and pulse to incorporate all the ingredients. Cut the lamb along a natural seam into 2 equal pieces. Rub the olive-spice mixture evenly all over the lamb; cover and refrigerate for 2 to 6 hours. Bring the lamb to room temperature about 30 minutes before cooking. Preheat the broiler and line a broiler pan with foil. Place the lamb smooth-side down on the pan. Broil just until charred, about  <END>
INPUT: compote, rhubarb, sugar, lemon, star anise, vanilla bean
OUTPUT: TITLE: Rhubarb Compote | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup chopped rhubarb; 3 ounces sugar; 1 lemon, juiced; 1 star anise; 1 vanilla bean, halved and scraped; 1 teaspoon pink peppercorns; 12 ounces strawberries, cut into cubes; 2 ounces tapioca starch; Streusel, recipe follows | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine all of the ingredients, except for the tapioca, in a saucepan over medium heat to extract the juices, and then cook until the rhubarb is al dente. Add the starch and simmer until the compote thickens. Remove from the heat and transfer to a hotel pan to cool. Serve with Streusel. Streusel: 1 cup butter 1 cup sugar 2 cups all-purpose flour Preheat oven to 300 degrees F. Cream together the butter and sugar in a mixing bowl. Add flour, combine until pebbly. Press together in your hand. Break off pieces and bake until golden brown <END>
INPUT: Mexican, southwest, unsalted butter, Anaheim chilies, poblano chilies, jalapeño chilies, packages petite corn
OUTPUT: TITLE: Southwest Corn Bread Stuffing with Corn and Green Chilies | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 10 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1 1/4 cups chopped seeded fresh Anaheim chilies* (8 ounces); 1 1/4 cups chopped seeded fresh poblano chilies * (8 ounces); 3 large jalapeño chilies, seeded, chopped; 2 1-pound packages frozen petite yellow corn kernels, thawed; 1 1/4 cups chopped green onions; 2/3 cup chopped fresh cilantro; Buttermilk Corn Bread , 1 day old; 4 large eggs; 1/4 cup sugar; 2 1/4 teaspoons salt; 1/2 teaspoon ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Melt butter in heavy large skillet over medium-high heat. Add all chilies; sauté until beginning to soften, about 8 minutes. Stir in 1 package corn and green onions. Transfer to very large bowl. Mix in cilantro. Coarsely crumble corn bread into vegetable mixture; toss to blend. Blend second package of corn, eggs, sugar, salt, and pepper in processor to coarse puree. Stir mixture into stuffing. Melt butter in heavy large skillet over medium-high heat. Add all chilies; sauté until beginning to soften, about 8 minutes. Stir in 1 package corn and green onions. Transfer to very large bowl. Mix in c <END>
INPUT: kilogram, onion, bell pepper, Several garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chickpeas with Prawns | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 kilogram (about 2 pounds) dried chickpeas; 1 onion, chopped; 1 green bell pepper, chopped; 1 red bell pepper, chopped; Several cloves garlic, chopped; Olive oil, for cooking; 1 pound prawns, peeled and deveined; 1 bay leaf; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; Brandy, to taste | INSTRUCTIONS: Place the chickpeas in a pot and cover with several inches of water. Simmer until tender, about 2 hours. Towards the end of the cooking time for the chickpeas, cook the onions, peppers and garlic in some olive oil in a large saute pan, stirring occasionally. Add the prawns, bay leaf and some salt and pepper and cook, stirring occasionally, until the prawns are cooked through. Drain the chickpeas and add them to the prawns along with a splash of brandy. Cook briefly to let the bitterness evaporate. Serve. <END>
INPUT: American, all purpose flour, sugar, salt, ice water
OUTPUT: TITLE: Maple Cream Pie | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups all-purpose flour; 1 tablespoon sugar; 1 teaspoon salt; 1 cup (2 sticks) unsalted butter, cut into small pieces and chilled in the freezer for 10 minutes; 1/2 cup ice-cold water; 1 teaspoon lemon juice; 6 large egg yolks; 1/2 cup maple syrup; 1/4 cup cornstarch; Pinch of salt; 1 cup heavy cream; 1 cup whole milk; 1 tablespoon vanilla bean paste or vanilla extract; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature; 2 cups cold heavy cream | INSTRUCTIONS: For the crust: In the bowl of a food processor, pulse together the flour, sugar, and salt until combined. Add the butter and pulse until the mixture resembles coarse cornmeal. While continuing to pulse, slowly add the water and lemon juice until the dough just comes together. Squeeze a small amount of dough between your thumb and index finger to make sure it holds its shape. If it doesn't, add cold water 1 tablespoon at a time while still pulsing, but make sure that the dough doesn't form into a wet ball. Remove the dough from the food processor. Divide the dough in half, press each half into  <END>
INPUT: caramel, dark sugar, unsalted butter, condensed milk, dark corn syrup, maple syrup
OUTPUT: TITLE: Caramel Apples | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound dark brown sugar; 1 cup unsalted butter, room temperature; 1 can sweetened condensed milk; 1/2 cup dark corn syrup; 1/2 cup maple syrup; 2 teaspoons dark molasses; 1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 12 apples, room temperature | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: 12 wooden sticks Combine all the ingredients together, except for the apples, in a large saucepan, and stir with a wooden spoon over a medium heat until all the sugar has dissolved and is not gritty. Use a wet pastry brush to wipe around the sides of the pan to dissolve any sugar crystals that may form. Clip a candy thermometer on to the side of the pan and bring the sugar mixture to a rolling boil over medium heat, and cook until the thermometer reads 236 degrees F. Pour into a stainless steel bowl and allow it to cool to 200 degrees F. While the syrup is cooling, push a wo <END>
INPUT: asparagus, Good olive oil, Kosher salt, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Asparagus | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 pounds fresh asparagus; Good olive oil; Kosher salt, plus extra for sprinkling; Freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Break off the tough ends of the asparagus and, if they're thick, peel them. Place the asparagus on a baking sheet, drizzle with olive oil, then toss to coat the asparagus completely. Spread the asparagus in a single layer and sprinkle liberally with salt and pepper. Roast the asparagus for 25 minutes, until tender but still crisp. <END>
INPUT: mash, center beef marrow, Salt, Yukon gold potatoes, butter, heavy cream
OUTPUT: TITLE: Bone Marrow Mash | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 center-cut beef marrow bones, about 3-inches long; Salt; 6 Yukon gold potatoes, skin on; 1/2 cup melted butter; 1/2 cup heavy cream; 1/2 cup fresh flat-leaf parsley leaves, chopped; Freshly ground pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Place the bones, cut-side up, onto a baking sheet and cook the marrow until soft and slightly separating from the bone, about 15 minutes. Meanwhile, boil salted water for potatoes and let them cook until soft, about 25 minutes. Remove the marrow bones and keep aside. Drain the potatoes and add the melted butter and cream. Mash until smooth. Using a spoon, scoop out the marrow with the juices and add to the mash. Add the parsley and season with salt and pepper. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, garth, premade pizza crust, beef, packet taco seasoning, refried beans, picante sauce
OUTPUT: TITLE: Garth's Taco Pizza | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: One 13.8-ounce can premade pizza crust dough or a pre-formed round crust, such as Papa Murphy's; 1 pound ground beef; 1 packet taco seasoning; One 16-ounce can refried beans; 1/2 cup picante sauce (see Cook's Note); 3/4 cup sliced green or black olives; 8 ounces sharp cheddar, shredded; Kosher salt; 1 cup finely diced tomato (about 1 large or 30 grape tomatoes); 12 ounces shredded lettuce (about 1 large head); 1/4 cup sour cream | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Roll out the pizza dough and fit it onto a 15-inch pizza pan. Brown the ground beef in a medium skillet over medium heat, about 10 minutes. Stir in the taco seasoning. Set aside. In a medium bowl, mix together the refried beans and picante sauce until combined. Spread the mixture onto the crust. Scatter the olives over the crust, then top with the cheese and the browned beef. Bake for 20 minutes, or until the crust is lightly browned. While the crust is baking, lightly salt the tomatoes, then, in a medium bowl, toss them with th <END>
INPUT: cupcakes, cake flour, baking powder, fine salt, milk, pure vanilla extract
OUTPUT: TITLE: Ultimate White Cupcakes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cups cake flour; 1 teaspoon baking powder; 1/2 teaspoon fine salt; 1/2 cup milk, at room temperature; 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract; 1 sticks (4 ounces) unsalted butter, at room temperature; 3/4 cup sugar; 2 large egg whites, at room temperature; Fondant flower, for garnish, optional | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F and position a rack in the middle of the oven. Line one 12-cup standard muffin tin with cupcake liners. Sift the flour, baking powder and salt into a medium bowl. Stir the milk and vanilla together in a small bowl. Set aside. Add the butter to the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with a paddle attachment (or in a large bowl if using a handheld electric mixer). Mix on low speed until the butter is smooth, about 1 minute. Gradually beat in 1/2 cup of the sugar. Increase the speed to high and beat until light and fluffy, about 5 minutes. Scrape down the sides of the  <END>
INPUT: Italian, risotto, Russet potatoes, corn kernels, bell pepper juice, Hungarian paprika, cayenne pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Red Bell Pepper, Potato and Corn Risotto | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound Russet potatoes, peeled and cut into 1/4-inch dice (about 3 cups diced); 1 1/2 cups fresh corn kernels (about 3 ears); 2 3/4 cups red bell pepper juice (see note below); 1 1/2 teaspoons Hungarian paprika; 1/4 teaspoon cayenne pepper; 1 tablespoon lemon juice, or as needed; 3 tablespoons heavy cream; 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, cut into 6 pieces; 1/2 cup freshly grated Parmesan; 3/4 teaspoon salt; 1/4 teaspoon fresh ground white pepper; Sprigs of fresh chervil, for garnish; 12 scallions, trimmed and grilled until lightly charred, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Red bell pepper juice: Take about 7 red peppers, stem and seed them, then put through an extractor-type juicer. In a large non-reactive sucepan combine the potato cubes, corn kernels, pepper juice, paprika and cayenne. Bring to a simmer and cook, stirring frequently, for 8 to 10 minutes or until the potatoes are just tender and the juice is reduced by about 1/3. Add a teaspoon of the lemon juice, taste, and add more if needed. Continue to reduce and, when the mixture is almost dry, add the cream and reduce the heat to low. Cook for 1 minute more, stir in the butter, and remove from the heat. S <END>
INPUT: heavy cream, milk, sugar, vanilla bean, egg yolks
OUTPUT: TITLE: Marmalade Ice Cream | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 cups heavy cream; 1 cup whole milk; 1/2 cup sugar; 1 vanilla bean, split lengthwise; 8 large egg yolks; 1/2 cup prepared orange marmalade; Special equipment: An ice cream maker | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine cream, milk, and sugar in a medium saucepan. Scrape in seeds from vanilla bean; add bean. Bring to a simmer over medium-high heat, stirring to dissolve sugar. Remove pan from heat; cover and let stand for 30 minutes to let flavors meld. Whisk egg yolks in a medium bowl to blend. Gradually add cream mixture, whisking constantly. Return mixture to saucepan and cook over medium heat, stirring constantly, until thickened, 5-7 minutes. Strain custard through a fine-mesh sieve into a large bowl set in a bowl of ice water. Let cool completely, stirring occasionally. Freeze custard in an ice c <END>
INPUT: beets, orange juice, eggs yolks, sugar, vanilla beans
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spicy Beet Ice Cream | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 large beets; 1 cup orange juice; 12 eggs yolks; 3/4 cup sugar; 2 vanilla beans; 2 1/2 cups cream; 1 cup heavy cream; 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1/4 teaspoon cayenne | INSTRUCTIONS: Roast beets in 350-degree oven until tender about 2 hours. Peel and cut into small pieces. Place beets in blender with orange juice and puree until smooth. Split vanilla beans, scrape, and add seeds to the cream and scald. Whisk together the egg yolks and sugar and then stir into the cream mixture. Stir over low heat until mixture begins to thicken (enough to coat the back of a spoon), about 10 minutes. Remove from heat and stir in remaining ingredients. Let ice cream chill in cooler. Turn in an ice cream maker and serve.; <END>
INPUT: Indian, tandoori, paprika, turmeric, cumin, garam masala, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tandoori-Style Chicken | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 2 1/2 tablespoons paprika; 2 1/2 tablespoons turmeric; 2 1/2 tablespoons ground cumin; 2 1/2 tablespoons garam masala; 2 tablespoons salt; 2 1/2 teaspoons ground cardamom; 2 teaspoons cayenne pepper; 8 large chicken thighs with bones, skin removed; 8 large chicken breast halves with bones, skin removed; 4 cups plain whole-milk yogurt; 2 large onions, coarsely grated | INSTRUCTIONS: Mix first 7 ingredients in small bowl to blend. Using sharp knife, cut three 3/4-inch-deep diagonal slashes in each chicken piece. Divide chicken between 2 large bowls and rub with spice mixture. Let stand 10 minutes. Divide yogurt and onions between same bowls. Toss chicken to coat. Cover and refrigerate overnight. Preheat oven to 500°F. Line 2 rimmed baking sheets with foil; place cooling racks on prepared baking sheets. Using slotted spoon, transfer chicken thighs to 1 sheet and chicken breasts to second sheet, spacing pieces slightly apart (make sure that chicken pieces do not touch and ar <END>
INPUT: lemonade, soda, pomegranate juice, Ice cubes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pom-Ade | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup lemonade; 1/2 cup club soda; 1/4 cup pomegranate juice; Ice cubes | INSTRUCTIONS: Mix lemonade, soda, and pomegranate juice in a small pitcher. Fill 2 tall glasses with ice. Pour lemonade mixture over. Mix lemonade, soda, and pomegranate juice in a small pitcher. Fill 2 tall glasses with ice. Pour lemonade mixture over. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, scented, timbales, onion, cuminseed, hot pepper flakes, olive oil, converted rice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cumin-Scented Rice Timbales | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup minced onion; 1 teaspoon cuminseed, plus additional, toasted lightly, for garnish; 1/8 teaspoon dried hot pepper flakes; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1 cup converted rice; 1 cup chicken broth; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 1 tablespoon minced fresh parsley leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: In a heavy saucepan cook the onion, 1 teaspoon of the cuminseed, and the red pepper flakes in the oil over moderately low heat, stirring, until the onion is softened, add the rice, and cook the mixture, stirring, for 1 minute. Stir in the broth, 1 cup water, and the salt, bring the liquid to a boil, and cook the mixture, covered, over low heat for 18 to 20 minutes, or until the liquid is absorbed. Fluff the rice with a fork, stir in the parsley, and let the rice stand, covered off the heat for 5 minutes. Pack the rice into 4 lightly coiled 3/4-cup timbale molds, unmold the timbales, and sprink <END>
INPUT: Indian, chutney, vegetable oil, jalapeno, garlic, sugar, carrots
OUTPUT: TITLE: Carrot Chutney | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, like soy, peanut, or corn; 1/2 to 1 jalapeno (with seeds), stemmed and minced; 6 cloves garlic, minced; 2 tablespoons sugar; 1/2 pound carrots, grated; 3 tablespoons chopped fresh coriander leaves (cilantro); 1 tablespoon freshly squeezed lime juice; 2 teaspoons Southeast Asian fish sauce; 1 scallion (white and green), chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: In a small skillet, combine the oil, jalapeno, and garlic. Place the skillet over medium heat and cook, stirring, until fragrant, about 5 minutes. Remove the skillet from the heat, add the sugar, and stir until dissolved. Transfer to a medium bowl and cool. Add the carrot, coriander, lime juice, fish sauce, and scallion to the jalapeno mixture and mix well. Store in the refrigerator for up to 3 days. <END>
INPUT: American, whipped, whipping cream, shot orange liqueur, cinnamon, pinches chili powder
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pecan Pie with Chocolate-Cinnamon Whipped Cream | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups whipping cream; 1 shot orange liqueur (recommended: Grand Marnier) (buy a tiny bottle, a nip, if you like); 1/4 teaspoon ground cinnamon, eyeball it in your palm; 2 pinches chili powder or ground cayenne; 1 (3-ounce) baking bar semisweet chocolate, chopped (recommended: Ghiradelli brand); 2 store bought pecan pies, serve warm or chilled, as you like | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Whip cream, liqueur, cinnamon and chili powder together until stiff peaks form. Melt chocolate in a medium bowl in microwave until smooth, check on it every 10 seconds over 45 seconds, cooking on high. Cool to the touch. Stir 1/4 of the whipped cream into the chocolate until totally combined then fold in the rest of the whipped cream in small batches. Cut pie, top with cream and serve immediately. <END>
INPUT: wine, sauce, lentils, bacon, shallots, garlic, heavy cream
OUTPUT: TITLE: Salmon with Lentils and Red Wine Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 cup dried lentils; 3/4 cup finely diced bacon; 2 shallots, minced; 1 clove garlic, minced; 1 pint heavy cream; 1 teaspoon finely chopped fresh thyme; 1 teaspoon finely chopped fresh marjoram; 1/4 teaspoon salt; Freshly ground white pepper; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1/2 pound salmon bones, cut in pieces; 1 clove garlic, finely chopped; 2 carrots, diced; 2 stalks celery, diced; 1 leek, finely chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: To prepare the lentils, blanch the lentils for 10 minutes in a pot of boiling water. Drain and set aside. In a large saute pan, fry the bacon until it is lightly browned. Add the shallots and garlic, and saute for 2 minutes, until they are tender and translucent. Add the lentils, cream, thyme, and marjoram. Simmer about 15 minutes, until the lentils are tender and the mixture resembles thick soup. Remove from the heat. Season with salt and pepper. Set aside. To make the sauce, heat a saucepan over medium heat. Add the salmon bones, garlic, carrots, celery, and leeks and cook until vegetables a <END>
INPUT: dressing, Gray salt, Spice Rub, virgin olive oil, wine
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pork Chops with Toasted Spice Rub and Apple Dressing | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 (12-ounce) center-cut pork chops; Gray salt; 2 tablespoons Toasted Spice Rub, recipe follows; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1/3 cup dry white wine; 1/2 cup Honey Roasted Apple Sauce, recipe follows | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Season both sides of the pork chops with salt and toasted spice rub. Heat the oil in an ovenproof skillet over medium heat and sear the pork chops until golden brown, about 4 minutes on 1side and 1 minute on the other side. Place pork chops on baking sheet. Remove excess oil from skillet. Bake the chops until just cooked through, about 8 to 10 minutes. Remove to a serving platter. Over medium heat, add the wine to the skillet, stir, and reduce to 1 to 2 tablespoons; add the apple sauce and bring to a simmer. Spoon over each chop. Toasted Spice Rub 1/4 cup fen <END>
INPUT: kidney beans, unsweetened coconut milk, garlic, scallions, thyme
OUTPUT: TITLE: Rice and Beans | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup dried kidney beans, soaked overnight, drained; 2 cups unsweetened coconut milk; 1 1/2 garlic cloves, minced; 4 scallions, finely chopped; 1/2 sprig fresh thyme, finely chopped; 1 1/2 cups uncooked rice; 1 1/4 cups water; 1 teaspoon salt; 1/2 tablespoon sugar; Salt and ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: In a medium saucepan, combine the drained beans with the coconut milk in a medium saucepan. Cook covered over medium heat until the beans are tender but not mushy, about 1 hour. Add all the remaining ingredients and cook covered over medium heat until the rice absorbs all the liquid, about 15 minutes. Season and serve.; <END>
INPUT: cookies, all purpose flour, pastry flour, tapioca flour, baking powder, fine salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Vegan Vanilla Cookies with Walnuts | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cups all-purpose flour; 3/4 cup pastry flour; 3 tablespoons tapioca flour; 2 teaspoons baking powder; 1/2 teaspoon fine salt; 1/2 teaspoon xanthan gum; 1 1/2 cups vegan sugar or unbleached organic cane sugar; 1/2 cup applesauce; 1/2 cup raw organic coconut oil, melted; 3 tablespoons grapeseed oil; 2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract or 2 vanilla beans, scraped; 1/2 teaspoon apple cider vinegar; 1 1/2 cups chopped walnuts | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Line three baking pans with parchment paper and set aside. Whisk the flours, baking powder, salt and xanthan gum together in a medium bowl. Put the sugar, applesauce, coconut oil, grapeseed oil, vanilla and vinegar in a large bowl and beat with an electric mixer on low speed until combined, about 1 minute. Add the flour mixture to the bowl with the wet ingredients, alternating with 1/3 cup water, until fully combined. Fold in the chopped walnuts. Spoon heaping tablespoons (or a small scoop) of the dough onto the baking sheets, 1 inch to 1 1/2 inches apart. Ba <END>
INPUT: Asian, crusted, steak, eggplant, all purpose flour, salt, pepper, eggs
OUTPUT: TITLE: Panko Crusted Eggplant Steak with Miso Udon Noodles | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1 large eggplant, cut into 4 (1/4-inch) thick slices; 2 cups all purpose flour; 1/2 tablespoon salt; 1/2 tablespoon black pepper; 4 eggs, beaten; 2 cups panko; 1 tablespoon fresh thyme, minced; 4 cups vegetable stock; 3 tablespoons shiro miso (light); 1/2 tablespoon ginger julienne; 4 scallions, sliced 1/16-inch thick; 1 (4-ounce) piece 5-spice (or smoked) tofu, julienned; 1 pound fresh udon noodles (blanched dried noodles would work); Salt and pepper, to taste; 2 tablespoons rice wine vinegar | INSTRUCTIONS: In shallow dishes, mix the flour, salt and black pepper. Place the egg in another dish and the panko and thyme in a third. Dredge the eggplant in the flour, then egg, and then panko. Deep fry at 350 degrees until golden, about 5 minutes. Season lightly with salt and drain on paper towels. In a saucepan, heat the chicken stock and whisk in the miso and ginger. Season and check. Heat through and add scallions, tofu and noodles. In a bowl, whisk together vinegar, sesame oil, sugar and white pepper. Toss with greens and mushrooms to coat. Check for seasoning. PLATING In large pasta bowls, ladle in <END>
INPUT: sugar, wine, container sugar coated, onion, ginger
OUTPUT: TITLE: Duck-Fried Rice | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup sugar; 1 cup dry red wine; 1 4-ounce container sugar-coated hot tamarind candy, coarsely chopped; 1/4 onion, thinly sliced; 2 thin slices peeled fresh ginger; 2 small garlic cloves, peeled, smashed; 1 1/2 cups low-salt chicken broth; 1 cup water; 2 tablespoons canola oil; 1 cup shredded cooked duck*; 1/2 cup matchstick-size strips leek, white part only; 1/2 cup coarsely shredded peeled carrot; 1/2 cup chopped stemmed shiitake mushrooms; 3 cups cooked medium-grain brown rice (about 1 1/2 cups uncooked); 1 1/2 cups fresh pea sprouts | INSTRUCTIONS: For tamarind sauce: Place sugar, red wine, tamarind candy, onion, ginger, and garlic in heavy large saucepan. Bring to boil over medium-high heat, stirring until sugar dissolves and tamarind candy melts. Boil mixture until syrupy, stirring frequently, about 8 minutes. Add chicken broth and 1 cup water; simmer over medium-low heat until thick and syrupy and reduced to 1 1/2 cups, stirring often, about 1 hour. Strain. (Tamarind sauce can be made 1 week ahead. Cover and refrigerate.) Place sugar, red wine, tamarind candy, onion, ginger, and garlic in heavy large saucepan. Bring to boil over mediu <END>
INPUT: squares, unsalted butter, granulated sugar, eggs, pure vanilla extract, all purpose flour
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pecan Squares | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/4 pounds unsalted butter, room temperature; 3/4 cup granulated sugar; 3 extra-large eggs; 3/4 teaspoon pure vanilla extract; 4 1/2 cups all-purpose flour; 1/2 teaspoon baking powder; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 1 pound unsalted butter; 1 cup good honey; 3 cups light brown sugar, packed; 1 teaspoon grated lemon zest; 1 teaspoon grated orange zest; 1/4 cup heavy cream; 2 pounds pecans, coarsely chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. For the crust, beat the butter and granulated sugar in the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with a paddle attachment, until light, approximately 3 minutes. Add the eggs and the vanilla and mix well. Sift together the flour, baking powder, and salt. Mix the dry ingredients into the batter with the mixer on low speed until just combined. Press the dough evenly into an ungreased 18 by 12 by 1-inch baking sheet, making an edge around the outside. It will be very sticky; sprinkle the dough and your hands lightly with flour. Bake for  <END>
INPUT: rings, sweet, buttermilk, salt, plain breadcrumbs, Canola oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Crispy Onion Rings | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 large sweet, vidalia or maui onion; 3/4 cup buttermilk; 2 teaspoons salt, divided; 1 1/2 cup plain breadcrumbs (i used whole wheat); Canola oil spray | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 425 degrees. Cut onions into 1/2 inch rounds and separate into rings. Whisk buttermilk and 1 tsp salt into a bowl. Place breadcrumbs in a separate bowl and add another tsp salt. Dip onion rings in buttermilk mixture and then dredge in breadcrumb mixture covering both sides of the onion completely (make sure to use one hand for wet dipping and one hand for dry dipping so you don't get soggy, clumpy breadcrumbs and messy fingers). Place onion rings on a oil sprayed baking sheet (I lined the cookie sheet with foil for easier clean up). Lightly spray the onion rings with oil cookin <END>
INPUT: Asian, Vegetable oil, tofu, vegetable oil, lemongrass, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lemongrass Tofu with Mushrooms | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: Vegetable oil (for frying); 14 ounces firm tofu, drained, cut into 3/4-inch squares; 3 tablespoons vegetable oil; 2 tablespoons minced fresh lemongrass; 2 garlic cloves, minced; 1 teaspoon (heaping) chopped seeded jalapeño chili; 1 onion, thinly sliced; 1/2 red bell pepper, cut into 3/4-inch pieces; 4 ounces shiitake mushrooms, stemmed, thickly sliced; 2 teaspoons fish sauce (nuoc mam)*; 1 tablespoon sugar; 1 1/2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro | INSTRUCTIONS: Add enough vegetable oil to heavy medium saucepan to reach depth of 2 inches. Heat vegetable oil over medium-high heat to 350°F. Deep-fry tofu squares in 2 batches until golden, about 2 minutes. Using slotted spoon, transfer tofu to paper towels to drain. Sprinkle with salt and pepper. Heat 3 tablespoons vegetable oil in heavy large skillet over medium heat. Add minced lemongrass, minced garlic, and chopped jalapeño; sauté until fragrant, about 1 minute. Add sliced onion, red bell pepper, and sliced shiitake mushrooms; sauté until vegetables are crisp-tender, about 3 minutes. Add fish sauce an <END>
INPUT: mashed, bliss potatoes, garlic, Water, low fat buttermilk, parsley leaves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Garlic Mashed Potatoes with Fresh Chives | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 large red bliss potatoes, unpeeled and cut into 1/2 to 1 inch pieces; 4 cloves garlic, peeled; Water; 1/2 cup low-fat buttermilk; 1/4 cup chopped fresh parsley leaves; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh chives; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/4 teaspoon ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large saucepan, combine potatoes and garlic. Pour over enough water to cover and set pan over high heat. Bring to a boil, reduce heat to medium and simmer 10 minutes, until potatoes are fork-tender. Drain and return potatoes and garlic to cooking pot. Add buttermilk and mash until large lumps disappear. Fold in parsley, chives, salt, and pepper. <END>
INPUT: live lobsters, Drawn Butter, Coral Butter, unsalted butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Steamed Lobsters | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 live lobsters, 3/4 to 2 pounds; Drawn Butter, recipe follows; Coral Butter, recipe follows; 1/2 pound unsalted butter; 1/2 pound unsalted butter; 1 to 4 tablespoons lobster roe (eggs), also called coral, preferably uncooked | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: 4 wooden skewers Choose a pot with a tight-fitting lid that is large enough to fit the lobsters comfortably with enough room for the steam to circulate around them. Wrap the lid tightly with a kitchen towel. Place a steamer basket or an upturned colander in the pot, and pour in cold water to a depth of about 2 inches. Cover and bring to a boil. Meanwhile, put the lobsters on a cutting board. Place the tip of a large, heavy knife at the cross marks on the back of a lobster's head. In one quick motion cut down through the head to the cutting board. Repeat with the remaining lo <END>
INPUT: peppers, olive oil, onion, bell pepper, garlic, Kalamata olives
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fish Steaks Braised with Bell Peppers, Olives, and Lemons | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 tablespoons olive oil, divided; 1 large onion, thinly sliced; 1 red bell pepper, thinly sliced; 2 garlic cloves, chopped; 1 cup Kalamata olives, pitted, coarsely chopped; 2 lemons, halved lengthwise, cut crosswise into thin slices; 1 cup dry white wine; 4 8- to 9-ounce fish steaks (such as halibut or salmon; each 1 inch thick); 1 tablespoon chopped fresh Italian parsley; Extra-virgin olive oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat 2 tablespoons olive oil in heavy large saucepan over medium-high heat. Add onion and bell pepper. Sauté until onion is translucent, about 12 minutes. Add garlic and stir 1 minute. Add olives, lemons, and wine and bring to boil. Meanwhile, heat 2 tablespoons olive oil in heavy large skillet over high heat. Sprinkle fish steaks with salt and pepper. Add to skillet and sauté until first side browns, about 2 minutes. Turn fish over. Add bell pepper mixture and juices; add parsley. Reduce heat to medium; simmer uncovered until fish is just opaque in center, about 5 minutes. Season with salt an <END>
INPUT: beans, garlic, tablesoons butter, water
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sauteed Green Beans | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 pounds green beans; 2 cloves garlic, minced; 2 tablesoons butter; 1/2 cup of water | INSTRUCTIONS: Trim ends of beans. In large skillet melt butter and add beans, garlic and water. Stir and cook quickly over high heat until tender; <END>
INPUT: Italian, pesto, crisp, orecchiette penne pasta, olive oil, prosciutto, asparagus, Spinach Ricotta Dip
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spinach-Ricotta Pesto Pasta with Crisp Prosciutto and Asparagus | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound orecchiette or penne pasta; 1 tablespoon olive oil; 3 ounces prosciutto, cut into 2-inch strips; 12 ounces asparagus, trimmed and sliced thinly on bias (about 2 cups); 3/4 cup Spinach-Ricotta Dip, recipe follows; 1 tablespoon olive oil; 2 tablespoons pine nuts; 1/2 medium yellow onion, finely chopped; 3 medium garlic cloves, thinly sliced; 1 (10-ounce) package frozen spinach, thawed; 1/2 cup fresh ricotta; 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring a large pot of heavily salted water to a boil over high heat. When it boils, add pasta and cook as indicated on box. Meanwhile, heat oil in a large frying pan over medium heat. When it shimmers, add prosciutto and cook, stirring occasionally, until prosciutto is crisp, about 5 minutes. Add asparagus and toss to coat evenly. Let cook until asparagus just starts to get browned on the edges, about 3 minutes. Remove 1/2 cup of the pasta cooking water. Add a few tablespoons of the water to the asparagus mixture, stir, scraping the bottom of the pan to incorporate browned bits, and remove from <END>
INPUT: shortcut, twice, bacon, russet potatoes, milk
OUTPUT: TITLE: Shortcut Twice-Baked Potatoes with Bacon | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 slices thick-cut bacon, coarsely chopped; 4 10- to 12-ounce russet potatoes, scrubbed, each pierced several times with fork; 1/4 cup (1/2 stick) butter; 1/4 cup whole milk | INSTRUCTIONS: Sauté bacon in heavy medium skillet over medium-high heat until crisp and brown. Transfer bacon to paper towels to drain. Bake all potatoes in microwave on high until tender, about 10 minutes per side. Cut top 3/4 inch off each potato lengthwise. Scoop cooked potato flesh into medium bowl, leaving 1/4-inch-thick potato shell. Add butter and milk to potato flesh in bowl and mash well. Stir in bacon; season to taste with salt and pepper. Spoon potato mixture into shells. Place potatoes on baking sheet. Preheat oven to 400°F. Bake potatoes until filling is heated through and shells are crisp, abo <END>
INPUT: curried, salad, Leftover rustic bread, curry powder, virgin olive oil, Kosher salt pepper, celery
OUTPUT: TITLE: Curried Bread and Bean Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Leftover rustic bread, cut into 1-inch cubes (about 1 cup); 1/2 teaspoon curry powder; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, plus 1/4 cup; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 ribs celery, sliced; 1/4 cup chopped toasted pecans; 1/4 cup halved green seedless grapes; 1 (15-ounce) can red kidney beans; 1/4 cup white wine vinegar | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat oven to 375 degrees F. In a medium bowl toss bread with curry powder, 2 tablespoons olive oil, and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Transfer to baking sheet. Bake until toasted, about 5 to 10 minutes. In a large bowl add celery, toasted bread cubes, pecans, grapes, beans, vinegar, and 1/4 cup olive oil. Season with salt and pepper and toss to coat. Let stand 30 minutes before serving. <END>
INPUT: Asian, sour, oil, garlic, ginger, Hawaiian chile, guava
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sweet and Sour Sauce with Guava | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons oil; 2 garlic cloves, minced; 1 tablespoon grated ginger; 1 red Hawaiian chile, diced; 3 guava, split; 3 tomatoes, chopped; 1 cup pineapple juice; 1/4 cup rice wine vinegar; 1/4 cup soy sauce; 2 tablespoons brown sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: Coat a 3-quart saucepan with oil and place over medium heat. Saute the garlic, ginger, and chili in the hot oil for 2 minutes. Add the guava and tomatoes; continue to cook until soft, about 5 minutes. Stir in the remaining ingredients and simmer until slightly thickened, about 15 minutes. Pass the sauce through a strainer before serving. <END>
INPUT: fashioned, float, butter, granulated sugar, cake flour, baking powder, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Old Fashioned Root Beer Float Cake | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup butter; 2 cups granulated sugar; 3 cups cake flour; 1 1/2 tablespoons baking powder; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 3 1/2 teaspoons water; 4 eggs; 1 tablespoon root beer extract; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; 1 cup milk; 7 1/2 cups confectioners' sugar; 2 1/2 cups butter; 3 to 5 tablespoons heavy cream; 3 teaspoons vanilla extract; Equipment: 12 elbow straws and colored streamers | INSTRUCTIONS: Make the Cake: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Grease and flour 2 (9-inch) cake pans and line the bottoms with parchment paper. In a large mixing bowl, cream the butter; then add the sugar and continue mixing until light and fluffy. Meanwhile, sift together the cake flour, baking powder, and salt. With the mixer on low speed, gradually add the water and eggs to the butter mixture until blended. Mix in the root beer extract and vanilla. Alternately add the flour mixture and milk to form a smooth batter. Pour the batter into the prepared pans and bake until just set, about 30 to 40 minutes. Let c <END>
INPUT: chanterelles, slab bacon into, pearl onions, guinea hen breasts, Salt pepper, Chanterelle mushrooms
OUTPUT: TITLE: Guinea Hen Breast, Chanterelles and Polenta | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup slab bacon cut into cubes 1/4 inches; 1 cup red pearl onions, blanched and peeled; 4 guinea hen breasts; Salt and pepper; 1 cup Chanterelle mushrooms, cleaned; 1/2 cup dry white wine; 1 cup roast game or chicken stock, see note; 3 tablespoons unsalted butter; 2 tablespoons fresh tarragon; 1 recipe soft herbed polenta | INSTRUCTIONS: Begin the polenta recipe as you start to make the guinea hens. Preheat an oven to 375 degrees. Heat a saute pan over medium heat. Add the bacon cubes and cook until evenly browned. Remove the bacon and reserve on paper towels, leaving the bacon fat in the skillet. Saute the pearl onions in the fat over moderate heat for about 3 minutes, until they begin to caramelize. Being careful not to let them burn, reduce the heat and continue to saute another 4 to 5 minutes, or until the onions begin to soften. Remove the onions and reserve. Season the guinea hen breasts with salt and pepper and saute in <END>
INPUT: Indian, warm, salad, acorn squash, virgin olive oil, thyme, Kosher salt pepper, lentils
OUTPUT: TITLE: Warm Lentil and Acorn Squash Salad with Yogurt Vinaigrette | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 1 large acorn squash, halved and seeded; 4 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1 tablespoon freshly chopped thyme; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 1/2 cups green lentils; 1/4 cup roughly chopped (1/8 inch) onion; 1 medium clove garlic, smashed; 1 small lemon, sliced; 1 bay leaf; Pinch red pepper flakes; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1 small onion, cut into 1/4-inch slices; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 3 tablespoons white wine vinegar; 1 tablespoon lemon juice | INSTRUCTIONS: For the salad: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Using a sharp knife, cut the squash halves into 1-inch cubes, leaving the skin intact. Add to a bowl and toss with 3 generous tablespoons of the olive oil, the thyme and season with salt and black pepper. Transfer to a large baking sheet. Roast the squash until fork tender, 25 to 30 minutes. Remove from the oven and cool slightly. Add 3 cups water, the lentils, onions, garlic, lemon slices, bay leaf, red pepper flakes and some black pepper to a medium saucepot. Set over high heat and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat to medium-low. Simmer until  <END>
INPUT: star anise, fennel seed, pasilla chiles, beef brisket, Kosher salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chile-Braised Beef Brisket | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 star anise; 1 teaspoon fennel seed; 12 pasilla chiles, seeded; 4 pounds beef brisket, trimmed of excess fat and silver skin; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 3 cups boiling water; 1/4 cup sherry vinegar; 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1 medium onion, cut into fine dice; 3 ripe tomatoes, grated on the largest holes of a box grater, or 1 (14-ounce) can canned crushed tomatoes with juice; 2 cups chicken stock | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350°F. In a small skillet over a medium heat, toast the star anise and fennel seed. Move the pan across the heat, letting the spices gently roll inside. Do that for about 3 to 4 minutes or until you begin to smell the toasting spices. Transfer into a spice mill or a coffee grinder. Add 5 of the chiles and grind until finely ground. Season the brisket with salt and pepper, rub with the spice blend, cover, and refrigerate while continuing with the recipe. Put the remaining 7 chiles in a bowl and cover with the boiling water. Set aside and let soak until the chiles have soften <END>
INPUT: American, bobby, flay, all purpose flour, quick rolled oats, light muscovado sugar, cinnamon, unsalted butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Bobby Flay's Pumpkin Pie with Cinnamon Crunch and Bourbon-Maple Whipped Cream | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup all-purpose flour; 1/2 cup quick-cooking rolled oats; 1/2 cup light muscovado sugar; 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 7 tablespoons unsalted butter, cut into small cubes, cold; 3 large eggs; 3 large egg yolks; 3/4 cup dark muscovado sugar; 1/4 cup granulated sugar; 2 tablespoons molasses; 11/2 cups canned pumpkin puree; 11/4 teaspoons ground cinnamon, plus more for the top; 1 teaspoon ground ginger; 1/2 teaspoon ground nutmeg; 1/4 teaspoon ground cloves | INSTRUCTIONS: To make the cinnamon crunch, preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Combine the flour, oats, muscovado sugar, and cinnamon in a food processor, and process a few times to combine. Add the butter and pulse until combined. Pat the mixture evenly into a 4-inch square on a parchment-lined baking sheet. Bake until golden brown and crisp, about 15 minutes. Remove and let cool. Transfer to a cutting board and chop into small pieces. Keep the oven on. To make the crust, combine the graham cracker crumbs, butter, and cinnamon in a bowl and mix until combined. Press evenly onto the bottom and sides of a 10- <END>
INPUT: provencal, good olive oil, onion, fennel, bell pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Swordfish Provencal | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons good olive oil, plus extra for grilling; 1 cup chopped yellow onion (1 onion); 1 cup chopped fennel (1 bulb); 1 red bell pepper, julienned 1/2-inch thick; 1 yellow bell pepper, julienned 1/2-inch thick; 1 teaspoon minced garlic; 28 ounces canned plum tomatoes, preferably San Marzano; 2 tablespoons chicken stock; 2 tablespoons good dry white wine; 2 anchovies, minced; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1/2 cup chopped fresh basil leaves; 2 tablespoons capers, drained; 1 tablespoon unsalted butter; 4 (1-inch-thick) swordfish fillets (about 2 1/2 pounds) | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. For the sauce, heat the olive oil in a large (12-inch) saute pan. Add the onions, fennel, bell peppers, and garlic and cook over medium-low heat for 10 minutes, stirring occasionally, until the vegetables are soft. Put the tomatoes with their juices in a food processor fitted with the steel blade and pulse several times, until very large diced. Add the tomatoes to the sauce, then the chicken stock, white wine, anchovies, 1 teaspoon salt, and 1 teaspoon pepper. Simmer over low heat for 25 to 30 minutes, stirring occasionally, until thickened. Add the chopped basil <END>
INPUT: Italian, broccoli, cauliflower, carrots, vegetable oil, unsalted butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Broccoli, Cauliflower and Carrots with Parmesan Bread Crumbs | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 bunches broccoli (about 1 1/2 pounds); 1 large head cauliflower (about 2 pounds); 1 pound carrots, peeled and cut into 1/4-inch slices on a diagonal; 1 tablespoon vegetable oil; 4 tablespoons unsalted butter; 2 cups very coarse dry bread crumbs; 1/2 cup grated Parmesan; 1/2 teaspoon cayenne | INSTRUCTIONS: Trim broccoli, reserving stems for another use, and cut florets into 1-inch pieces. (There should be about 5 cups.) Trim cauliflower and cut florets into 1-inch pieces. (There should be about 5 cups.) In a large saucepan of boiling salted water cook vegetables until crisp-tender, 2 to 5 minutes. In a colander drain vegetables and refresh under cold water to stop cooking. Drain vegetables well. Vegetables may be prepared up to this point 1 day ahead and chilled, covered. In a large heavy skillet heat oil and 2 tablespoons butter over moderately high heat until foam begins to subside and saute b <END>
INPUT: pizzas, water, active yeast, olive oil, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pizzas with Prosciutto, Peas, Pea Sprouts and Gruyère | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cups warm water (115°F to 120°F); 1 1/2 tablespoons active dry yeast (from 3 envelopes); 3 tablespoons olive oil, divided; 1 tablespoon salt; 3 1/2 cups (or more) all purpose flour; Yellow cornmeal (for baking sheet); 6 tablespoons olive oil, divided; 2 cups fresh shelled green peas (from 2 1/2 pounds peas in pod); 4 teaspoons water; 6 cups thinly sliced onions; 6 ounces sliced prosciutto, torn into strips; 3 cups (packed) grated Gruyère cheese; 3 cups coarsely chopped pea sprouts | INSTRUCTIONS: Pizza dough: Pour warm water into large bowl; sprinkle yeast over. Let stand until yeast dissolves, about 10 minutes. Stir in 2 tablespoons olive oil and salt. Mix in 3 1/2 cups flour, 1 cup at a time, stirring well after each addition, until sticky dough forms. Knead dough on floured surface until smooth, adding more flour if very sticky, about 6 minutes. Coat large bowl with remaining 1 tablespoon olive oil; add dough and turn to coat. Cover bowl with plastic wrap, then kitchen towel. Let dough rise in warm draft-free area until doubled, about 1 hour. Sprinkle 2 large baking sheets with corn <END>
INPUT: Italian, skirt steak, salt, pepper, olive oil, corn
OUTPUT: TITLE: Skirt Steak with Haricots Verts, Corn, and Pesto | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 lb skirt steak; 3/4 teaspoon salt; 1/4 teaspoon black pepper; 1 1/2 tablespoons olive oil; 1 ear corn, kernels cut off; 3/4 lb haricots verts, trimmed; 1/2 cup prepared basil pesto | INSTRUCTIONS: Pat steak dry and cut into 4 pieces, then sprinkle all over with salt and pepper. Heat 1/2 tablespoon oil in a 12-inch heavy skillet over moderately high heat until hot but not smoking, then sauté corn, stirring, until just starting to brown, 1 to 2 minutes. Transfer to a large bowl. Add remaining tablespoon oil to skillet and sauté steaks, in batches if necessary, turning over once, 3 to 5 minutes per batch for thin pieces and 5 to 7 minutes per batch for thicker pieces (for medium-rare). Transfer steaks to a cutting board and let stand 5 minutes before slicing. While steaks rest, cook harico <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, salad, olive oil, corn, onion, bell pepper, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Couscous Salad with Corn and Red Bell Pepper | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons olive oil; 3/4 cup fresh corn (cut from about 2 ears); 1/3 cup finely chopped red onion; 1/3 cup finely chopped red bell pepper; 1 garlic clove, minced; 1/4 teaspoon ground cumin; 11/4 cups water; 2/3 cup couscous; 2 teaspoons red-wine vinegar; 1/4 cup fresh coriander sprigs, washed well, spun dry, and chopped fine; cayenne to taste | INSTRUCTIONS: In a heavy skillet heat 1 tablespoon oil over moderately high heat until hot but not smoking and sauté corn, stirring, until golden. Add onion, bell pepper, garlic, cumin, and 1/4 cup water and cook over moderately low heat, stirring occasionally, until bell pepper is crisp-tender. While vegetables are cooking, in a small heavy saucepan bring remaining cup water to a boil and stir in couscous and salt to taste. Cover pan and remove from heat. Let couscous stand 5 minutes and fluff with a fork. In a bowl whisk together vinegar, remaining tablespoon oil, and salt to taste until emulsified. Add v <END>
INPUT: Mexican, quesadillas, escarole, virgin olive oil, garlic, Kosher salt pepper, hot sauce
OUTPUT: TITLE: Escarole Quesadillas | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/4 pounds escarole; 6 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 3 cloves garlic, thinly sliced; Kosher salt and finely ground black pepper; 1 tablespoon hot sauce, such as Frank's; 4 cups shredded mozzarella; One 14-ounce can black beans, rinsed and drained; 1 medium tomato, cut in small dice (3/4 cup); 1 tablespoon fresh lime juice; 3/4 teaspoon ground cumin; Jarred salsa, for serving; Eight 10-inch flour tortillas | INSTRUCTIONS: Wash all the escarole and tear 1 pound into bite-size pieces. Heat 1 tablespoon of the oil in a large nonstick skillet over medium heat until hot. Stir in the garlic, 3/4 teaspoon salt and 1/2 teaspoon pepper. Cook, stirring, until the garlic is golden, about 2 minutes. Stir in the torn escarole, a handful at a time, and cook, turning with tongs and adding more escarole as the greens wilt. Cook, stirring occasionally, until the liquid evaporates, about 5 minutes. Stir in the hot sauce. Place 4 tortillas on the work surface. Spread 1/2 cup of the cheese evenly over each tortilla, then divide th <END>
INPUT: Italian, bruschetta, basil leaves, virgin olive oil, garlic, Kosher salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tomato, Mozzarella and Basil Bruschetta | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 (32-ounce) can whole tomatoes, drained; 1 cup fresh basil leaves, washed and spun dry; 4 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 6 cloves garlic, peeled; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 large French baquettes, sliced 1-inch thick (about 36 slices); 1 1/2 pounds fresh mozzarella cheese, sliced 1/4-inch thick | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat oven to 375 degrees F. In the bowl of a food processor, add drained tomatoes, 1 cup basil leaves, olive oil and 2 cloves garlic. Pulse until smooth, but somewhat chunky. Season with salt and pepper. On a baking sheet, line up baguette slices. Toast in oven for about 3 minutes or until light golden brown. Working quickly, rub the remaining garlic on the toasted side of each slice and then lay a piece of mozzarella cheese on top. Place bread back in oven and melt cheese slightly, about 45 seconds. Remove from oven and spread one tablespoon of the tomato mix <END>
INPUT: Italian, artichokes, lemon, olive oil, vegetable broth water, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Braised Artichokes with Ricotta and Spinach Stuffing | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 2 whole artichokes; 1/2 lemon, plus 2 lemons, juiced; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 2 cups vegetable broth or water; 2 garlic cloves, plus 5 garlic cloves, sliced, divided; 4 sprigs parsley, chopped, plus 2 tablespoons chopped parsley; 2 bay leaves; Salt and pepper, to taste; 15 ounces ricotta cheese; 1/2 cup sun-dried tomatoes in oil, chopped; 2 cups fresh spinach leaves, chopped; 1 egg; 8 ounces grated Pecorino Romano; 1/2 cup bread crumbs | INSTRUCTIONS: Wash artichokes under cold water. Using a stainless steel knife, trim the outer part of the stems. Pull off the lower petals that are small and tough. Cut off the top inch of the artichoke then cut in half, top to bottom. Rub with half a lemon to preserve the green color. Put the oil, broth, garlic, lemon and herbs in a casserole pan. Place the artichoke halves in the liquid face down. Season with salt and pepper. Cover and bake in a preheated 350 degree F oven for 30 minutes until tender. In a mixing bowl, combine ricotta, sun-dried tomatoes, 3 cloves of sliced garlic and spinach. Stir in the <END>
INPUT: Asian, salad, Japanese cucumbers, salt, sugar, soy sauce, rice wine vinegar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cucumber Salad | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups thinly sliced Japanese cucumbers; 1 teaspoon salt; 1 tablespoon sugar; 1 tablespoon soy sauce; 1/4 cup rice wine vinegar; 1 teaspoon sesame oil; 2 teaspoons sesame seeds | INSTRUCTIONS: If Japanese cucumbers are not available, English cucumbers can be substituted. The English cucumbers need to be peeled, cut lengthwise, seeded and sliced into thin half moons. In a large bowl, combine cucumbers and salt and mix well. Add sugar, soy sauce, rice wine vinegar and sesame oil and mix well. Sprinkle with sesame seeds and mix. Let marinate for 20 minutes before serving. Adjust seasonings before serving. <END>
INPUT: burgers, fritas, bread crumbs, milk, onion, egg, beef
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mini Cuban Burgers (Fritas) | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cups dried bread crumbs; 1/4 cup plus 2 tablespoons whole milk; 1 large yellow onion, grated on the large-hole side of a box grater; 1 large egg, lightly beaten; 2 pounds lean ground beef; 2 tablespoons fresh lime juice (from about 1 lime); 3 tablespoons ketchup, plus extra for serving; 3 garlic cloves, finely minced; 1 tablespoon salt; 3/4 teaspoon paprika; 1 tablespoon olive oil; 12 mini hamburger rolls or Cuban rolls | INSTRUCTIONS: Place the bread crumbs in a large bowl. Cover with milk and soak for 2 minutes. Add the onion, the beaten egg, ground beef, lime juice, ketchup, garlic powder, salt, and paprika and work the ingredients together with your hands or a wooden spoon just until combined. Form the mixture into 12 small 1-inch thick patties and refrigerate them for at least 45 minutes or up to 8 hours. Heat the olive oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Add about 1/2 of the burgers and brown them on each side, flipping with spatula, 5 to 7 minutes. Set the fritas on the rolls and cook the remaining burgers.  <END>
INPUT: pudding, bourbon, milk, sugar, eggs, vanilla extract
OUTPUT: TITLE: Bourbon Bread Pudding | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2/3 cup bourbon; 4 cups milk; 1 1/4 cups sugar; 5 large eggs; 1 1/2 teaspoons vanilla extract; 18 cups loosely packed cubes of stale bread, crusts removed; 3/4 cup golden raisins; 1 teaspoons cinnamon; 1/2 teaspoon nutmeg; Butter; 3 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1 teaspoons vanilla extract; 1/2 cup confectioners' sugar; 1/2 cup bourbon | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Whisk together the bourbon, milk, sugar, eggs, and vanilla. Pour mixture into a bowl over the cubes of bread and allow bread to soak for 30 minutes. (If mixture is too dry, add a little more milk.) Transfer soaked bread mixture to a buttered 8 by 8 dish. Sprinkle with raisins, cinnamon, and nutmeg and bake for 1 hour, or until golden, puffed up, and crusty on top. Allow pudding to cool to room temperature. For the Bourbon Sauce: Heat the butter, vanilla, and confectioners' sugar in a saucepan over medium-low heat. When butter is melted and sugar is dissolved, rem <END>
INPUT: Salt pepper, olive oil, Tangerine Roasted Jalapeno, Sweet Onion Sage
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pan Roasted Venison with a Tangerine and Roasted Jalapeno Sauce and Sweet Onion and Sage Gratin | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 (8-ounce) venison steaks; Salt and freshly ground pepper; 2 tablespoons olive oil; Tangerine and Roasted Jalapeno Sauce, recipe follows; Sweet Onion and Sage Gratin, recipe follows; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1 red onion, finely diced; 3 jalapenos, roasted, peeled, and chopped; 1 cup red wine; 6 cups home-made chicken stock; 1 cup thawed tangerine juice concentrate; 1/4 cup light brown sugar; Salt and freshly ground pepper; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1 tablespoon butter, plus more for buttering the pan | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. Season venison on both sides with salt and pepper, to taste. Heat oil in a large saute pan over medium-high heat. Add venison and saute until golden brown. Turn over, place pan in oven, and continue cooking for about 4 to 5 minutes for medium doneness. Drizzle the venison steaks with the Tangerine and Roasted Jalapeno Sauce. Serve with Sweet Onion and Sage Gratin. Heat oil in a large saucepan over medium heat. Add onions and jalapenos and cook until onions are soft. Add wine and cook until reduced completely. Add the chicken stock and cook until reduced to 2 cups <END>
INPUT: chai, doughnuts, sugar, cinnamon, kosher salt, cardamom, ginger
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chai Doughnuts with Spiced Sugar | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup sugar; 1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt; 1/8 teaspoon ground cardamom; 1/8 teaspoon ground ginger; 1/8 teaspoon ground nutmeg; 2 cups all-purpose flour; 1 teaspoon baking powder; 1/2 teaspoon baking soda; 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt; 1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1/8 teaspoon ground cardamom; 1/8 teaspoon ground ginger; 1/8 teaspoon ground nutmeg; 1/2 cup sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: Make the Spiced Sugar: Whisk sugar, cinnamon, salt, cardamom, ginger, and nutmeg in a large bowl until well combined. Whisk sugar, cinnamon, salt, cardamom, ginger, and nutmeg in a large bowl until well combined. Make the doughnuts: Combine flour, baking powder, baking soda, salt, cinnamon, cardamom, ginger, and nutmeg in a large bowl. Beat sugar and butter in the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment on medium speed until smooth, about 3 minutes. Add egg and continue to beat, scraping down sides of bowl as needed, until incorporated. Reduce speed to low and gradually add but <END>
INPUT: soup, onion studded, carrot, outside celery, lovage leaves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken Corn Soup | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 (5 pound) stewing chicken; 1 large onion studded with 2 whole cloves; 1 large carrot; 2 outside green celery stalks; 3 tablespoons chopped fresh lovage leaves; 1/2 lemon in large pieces; 1/2 teaspoon ground saffron; 12 ears of fresh corn; 3/4 cup fresh celery and leaves, chopped; Salt and pepper, to taste; 1 1/2 tablespoons fresh parsley, minced; 2 large whole chicken breasts; Rivels; 3/4 cup unbleached flour; Pinch salt, or to taste | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook the chicken slowly in 4 quarts of water (or to cover) for 1 hour. Add the vegetables and cook for another 1 hour, then add the lovage and lemon and continue to cook slowly until the chicken is very tender and falls away from the bones. The broth should never boil. Strain the stock. Discard the vegetables, herbs and lemon. At this point the stewing chicken has lost its nutrients and taste, discard it. Return the stock to the pot and add the saffron. Cut the kernels from the ears of corn. It is important to get the most "milk" from the corn, so cut the corn with a sharp knife (not too close <END>
INPUT: gumbo, canola oil, all purpose flour, wheat flour, onion, low sodium chicken
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken and Sausage Gumbo | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2/3 cup canola oil; 3/4 cup all-purpose flour; 1/4 cup whole-wheat flour; 1/4 cup finely chopped onion, plus 2 cups roughly chopped; 1 cup low-sodium chicken broth; 1 cup chopped celery; 1/2 cup chopped green bell pepper; 2 teaspoons cayenne pepper; 1 teaspoon garlic powder; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 pound smoked sausage, sliced; 8 ounces tasso ham or andouille sausage, diced; 1 1/4 pounds skinless, boneless chicken thighs, cut into 1-inch pieces; 3 to 4 scallions, chopped; Cooked white rice, for serving (optional) | INSTRUCTIONS: Make the roux: Heat the canola oil in a cast-iron skillet over medium heat until hot, about 5 minutes. Whisk in both flours and cook, whisking constantly, until the roux is dark brown, about 10 minutes. Remove from the heat and let stand 10 minutes, then stir in the finely chopped onion. Meanwhile, bring the broth and 20 cups water to a boil in a large pot. Add the roughly chopped onion, the celery and bell pepper; cook over medium-high heat, 15 minutes. Stir in the roux in 3 batches; cook, stirring occasionally, until thickened, 30 minutes. Add the cayenne, garlic powder, 2 1/2 tablespoons sa <END>
INPUT: mazapanes, roasted unsalted peanuts, powdered sugar, smooth peanut butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Peanut Mazapanes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups roasted unsalted peanuts; 1 cup powdered sugar; 1 teaspoon smooth peanut butter | INSTRUCTIONS: Using a food processor, grind the peanuts until coarse. Add the powdered sugar and peanut butter and continue mixing for 2 minutes, scraping down the sides as needed, until a compact paste is formed. Remove the peanut mazapan mixture from the food processor. Using a rolling pin, roll out the dough to 3/4-inch thick. With a 2-inch round cookie cutter, cut out circles of dough and carefully remove them onto a baking sheet lined with wax or parchment paper. You can reform and roll the dough again to yield the remaining rounds. Serve immediately, or wrap in parchment paper and refrigerate to store <END>
INPUT: Italian, vegetable, olive oil, onion, leeks, carrots, celery
OUTPUT: TITLE: Vegetable Soup | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup olive oil; 1 onion, finely diced; 1 to 2 leeks, washed and thinly sliced; 2 carrots, finely sliced; 1 stalk celery finely chopped; 2 cups chopped canned plum tomatoes; 1/2 teaspoon saffron, optional; 3 quarts water; 1 soup base (4 servings); 2 boiling potatoes, peeled and cut into 1/2 inch dice or 1 cup drained canned white beans; 1 cup seeded diced zucchini; 1/2 cup pasta like orzo or broken up vermicelli or spaghetti; Salt and pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large saucepan heat the olive oil. When hot, add the onions, leeks, carrots and celery. Cover and simmer for 5 minutes or until tender; if at any time the vegetables begin to stick to the bottom of the pan before they become tender, add some water. Add the tomatoes, saffron and water; bring to a boil and simmer uncovered for 15 minutes or until the vegetables are tender. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Divide the soup base into 2 containers and freeze until you are ready to use. Bring soup base to a simmer (if there does not appear to be enough liquid in which to simmer all of the a <END>
INPUT: shrimp, bamboo shoots, salt, chicken bouillon powder, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Stuffed Crab Claws | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound shrimp, shelled, deveined, and chopped; 5 ounces bamboo shoots, chopped; 1 teaspoon salt; 1 teaspoon chicken bouillon powder; 1 teaspoon sugar; 2 1/2 teaspoons sesame oil; 1/2 teaspoon pepper; 8 teaspoons cornstarch; 10 cocktail crab claws; 3/4 cup bread crumbs; 6 cups frying oil | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large bowl, mix the chopped shrimp, bamboo shoots, salt, chicken bouillon powder, sugar, sesame oil, pepper, and cornstarch into a thick shrimp paste. Form the shrimp paste into 10 oval shaped balls. Open one end of the ball to stuff in the crab claw. Make sure the shrimp ball only covers the meat part of the claw and a small part of the shell so that the claw shell will stick out of the shrimp ball like a drumstick. Roll the stuffed shrimp ball in the bread crumbs. Deep fry in 350 degree oil for 5 minutes or until golden brown. <END>
INPUT: Italian, Kosher salt, lo mein noodles, soy sauce, oyster sauce, pork chops
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pork and Egg Lo Mein | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: Kosher salt; 6 ounces dried lo mein noodles, spaghetti or linguine; 3 tablespoons soy sauce; 2 tablespoons oyster sauce; 2 1-inch-thick boneless pork chops (about 3/4 pound), thinly sliced; 2 1/2 tablespoons vegetable oil; 2 large eggs, lightly beaten; 1 bunch scallions, thinly sliced; 1 tablespoon finely chopped peeled ginger; 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped; 4 cups broccoli slaw mix; 1 red bell pepper, thinly sliced | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring a pot of lightly salted water to a boil. Add the noodles and cook as the label directs. Reserve 3 tablespoons of the cooking water, then drain the noodles and rinse under cold water. Meanwhile, mix the soy sauce and oyster sauce in a small bowl. Put the pork in another bowl and toss with 1 tablespoon of the soy sauce mixture. Heat 1/2 tablespoon vegetable oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Add the eggs; cook, without stirring, until set, 1 minute. Flip and cook 30 seconds, then transfer to a cutting board and cut into strips. Heat the remaining 2 tablespoons vegetable oil in t <END>
INPUT: Italian, saute, olive oil, onion, squash, zucchini, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Simple Squash and Basil Saute | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon olive oil; 1/4 cup sliced red onion; 1 small yellow squash, cut into long 1/4-inch thick slices on the diagonal; 1 small zucchini, cut into long 1/4-inch thick slices on the diagonal; 1 clove garlic, finely chopped; 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt; 1/8 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 3 cherry tomatoes, halved; 1 tablespoon thinly sliced basil leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat the oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Add the onion, squash, zucchini, garlic, salt, and pepper and cook, stirring occasionally, until lightly browned and crisp-tender, about 2 minutes. Add the tomatoes and basil and cook, stirring, until tender, about 1 minute more. Serve immediately. <END>
INPUT: Asian, oil, Salt pepper, Jamaican Jerk
OUTPUT: TITLE: Hoboken Eddie's Root Beer Chicken | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 2 (12-ounce) bottles root beer; 2 tablespoons oil; Salt and pepper; 4 (6-ounce) boneless chicken breast; Jamaican Jerk rice:; 8 cups water; 4 cups white rice; 4 tablespoons Jalapeno sauce (recommended: Hoboken Eddie's Mean Green Sauce); 4 tablespoons Teriyaki with Wasabi and Ginger Sauce (recommended: Hoboken Eddie's Hukilau Hanna Sauce); 4 tablespoons hot red pepper sauce (recommended: Hoboken Eddie's Hot Sauce); 1/2 teaspoon cinnamon; 1/2 teaspoon allspice; 4 bananas, peeled and sliced into 1/4-inch thick rounds; 1 tablespoon butter; 1 Scotch bonnet pepper, seeded and thinly sliced* | INSTRUCTIONS: Place root beer in a saucepan and bring to a boil. Reduce the root beer by 1/2, to a syrupy consistency, and set aside. Preheat a grill. Lightly oil and season the chicken breasts. Grill the chicken until cooked through and the juices run clear, about 4 to 5 minutes per side. To make rice, bring the water to a boil, add the rice and add Hoboken Eddie's sauces to the rice. Add the cinnamon and allspice, mix well, cover, and allow to cook for 20 minutes. Slice the bananas and saute them in the butter for approximately 3 minutes. To serve, place a spoonful of rice on each plate, top with a chicke <END>
INPUT: soda, raspberry concentrate, plain seltzer, Ice cubes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Raspberry Soda | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup frozen raspberry concentrate, thawed; 3/4 cup plain seltzer, chilled; Ice cubes | INSTRUCTIONS: Put the raspberry concentrate in a glass. Top off with seltzer. Add ice and serve. <END>
INPUT: American, pumpkin puree, crystallized ginger, half half, cinnamon, nutmeg
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pumpkin Pie | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups canned or fresh pumpkin puree; 1 tablespoon crystallized ginger; 1 1/4 cups half-and-half; 1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1/4 teaspoon ground nutmeg; 1/4 teaspoon ground cloves; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 2/3 cup (packed) light-brown sugar; 3 large eggs, lightly beaten; 2 large egg yolks, lightly beaten; 1/8 teaspoon ground white pepper; 1 prepared pie shell (9-inch), chilled; Sweetened whipped cream (optional) | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. Preheat the oven to 425°F. 2. Process the pumpkin puree in a blender with the ginger and half-and-half until the ginger is smooth, about 4 minutes. Transfer to a bowl; whisk in the next eight ingredients until well blended. Reserve. **3.**Place 2 sheets of heavy-duty foil, one on top of the other, directly on the surface of the pie crust. Bake the crust in the lower 2/3 of the oven until golden brown, about 10 minutes. Remove the foil; bake 5 minutes more. Remove shell from oven. Reduce the oven temperature to 350°F. **4.**Pour the filling into the pie shell and bake until a knife inserted  <END>
INPUT: American, sandwich, cookies, all purpose flour, baking powder, salt, unsalted butter, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Vanilla-Chocolate Sandwich Cookies | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 1/2 cups all-purpose flour, plus more for dusting; 1/4 teaspoon baking powder; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 2 1/2 sticks unsalted butter, at room temperature; 1 cup sugar; 1 large egg; 2 teaspoons vanilla extract; 2/3 cup heavy cream; 8 ounces milk chocolate, finely chopped; Sprinkles, for decorating (optional) | INSTRUCTIONS: Sift the flour, baking powder and salt into a medium bowl. Beat the butter and sugar in a large bowl with a mixer on medium-high speed until light and fluffy, 3 to 5 minutes. Add the egg and vanilla; beat until combined. Reduce the mixer speed to low; add the flour mixture in 2 batches, beating after each, until just incorporated. Divide the dough between 2 sheets of plastic wrap; form into disks. Wrap and refrigerate until firm, at least 1 hour. Make the filling: Bring the heavy cream to a simmer in a small saucepan over medium heat. Pour over the chocolate in a medium bowl and let stand 2 mi <END>
INPUT: jicama, olive oil, garlic, flat leaf parsley
OUTPUT: TITLE: Celery and Jícama Sauté | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 (2 1/2-lb) bunch of celery; 1 1/4 lb jicama; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 2 garlic cloves, smashed; 1/3 cup coarsely chopped fresh flat-leaf parsley; 1 teaspoon finely grated fresh lemon zest; 2 teaspoons fresh lemon juice; 1 teaspoon salt; 1/4 teaspoon black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Peel strings from celery with a vegetable peeler, then cut celery on a long diagonal into 1/4-inch-thick slices. Peel jicama with a sharp knife and cut into 2- by 1/4-inch matchsticks. Heat oil in a 6- to 8-quart heavy pot over moderately high heat until hot but not smoking, then sauté garlic, turning, until golden on all sides, about 2 minutes. Discard garlic. Add celery to oil and sauté, stirring, until softened, about 3 minutes. Add jicama and sauté, stirring, until slightly translucent, about 5 minutes. Stir in remaining ingredients and remove from heat. Peel strings from celery with a veg <END>
INPUT: Mexican, fillets, bath, olive oil, garlic, salt, pepper, clam juice fish
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fish Fillets in a Bath of Garlic | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2/3 cup olive oil; 20 cloves garlic, peeled and sliced thinly; 1 teaspoon salt; 1/2 teaspoon of ground black pepper; 2/3 cup clam juice or fish stock; Juice of 3 limes, about 1/4 cup; 1 ancho chile, stemmed, seeded and chopped; 1 bunch flat leaf parsley, roughly chopped; 6 6-ounce skinless, boneless filets of fresh fish; 1 pound tomatillos, husked, washed and chopped; 1 pound Roma tomatoes, cored and chopped; 1 large onion, chopped; 1/2 cup olive oil; 1/3 cup white vinegar; 1 bunch cilantro, leaves only, chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Season fish filets with salt and pepper. Heat a large cast iron or heavy bottomed skillet over moderately high heat. When hot add 2-3 tablespoons of olive oil. Sear fish fillets about 1-2 minutes per side or until lightly golden, remove to a oven proof platter and set in oven to finish cook for 3-5 minutes or, to desired doneness. Meanwhile add the remaining olive oil, slivered garlic, salt and pepper to the pan and cook over medium low heat stirring often for about 2 minutes. Add chopped ancho chiles and continue cooking a minute or two until a toasty aroma is rel <END>
INPUT: shaved, salad, cabbage, Brussels sprouts, chives, Gala apple, buttermilk
OUTPUT: TITLE: Shaved Cabbage and Brussels Sprout Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 large head red cabbage, thinly sliced (about 5 cups); 8 ounces Brussels sprouts, thinly sliced (about 2 1/2 cups); 1/3 cup chopped chives; 1 Gala apple, cut into matchsticks; 1/2 cup buttermilk; 3 tablespoons white wine vinegar; 2 teaspoons olive oil; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Toss the cabbage with the sprouts, chives and apples in a small bowl. Whisk the buttermilk with the vinegar and oil in a separate small bowl. Pour the dressing over the salad, add 1/2 teaspoon salt and 1/4 teaspoon pepper and toss well. Chill, covered, for about 1 hour. Toss well and season with additional salt and pepper. <END>
INPUT: salad, Belgian endives, radicchio, carrots, walnut, Dijon mustard
OUTPUT: TITLE: Endive, Radicchio and Walnut Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 Belgian endives (10 ounces), washed; 1 small head radicchio (5 ounces), washed; 2 carrots (6 ounces), peeled and shredded (1 1/2 cups); 1/2 cup walnut pieces; 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 1 1/2 tablespoons red wine vinegar; 3 tablespoons virgin olive oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Cut 1 1/2 inches from the root end of the 2 endives and the radicchio head, and cut these root end pieces into 1/2-inch chunks. (You should have 3 about cups.) Reserve the pointed endive leaf tips and the radicchio leaves for use later in the recipe. Combine the root end chunks with the shredded carrot and nuts in a bowl. Combine the dressing ingredients in a small bowl, then add the dressing to the endive and radicchio pieces, carrots, and nuts. Toss well. Arrange the radicchio leaves attractively on four plates, and spoon the dressed mixture into the center of the leaves. Arrange the endive  <END>
INPUT: wild, fricassee, chicken stock, quick cook polenta, butter, Romano Parmigiano, Salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Wild Mushroom Fricassee Over Polenta | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 cups chicken stock; 1 cup quick cook polenta, found in Italian foods or specialty foods aisles; 2 tablespoons butter; 1 /4 cup grated Romano or Parmigiano; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, 2 turns of the pan; 1 tablespoon butter; 4 portobello mushroom caps, halved then thinly sliced; 16 fresh shiitake mushrooms, coarsely chopped; Coarse salt and black pepper; 2 tablespoons balsamic vinegar; 1/2 cup beef stock or broth; 2 scallions, thinly sliced on an angle | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring 3 cups chicken broth to a boil in a covered pot. While the broth is coming to a boil, start fricassee. Heat a large nonstick skillet over medium high heat. Add oil and butter. When butter melts into oil, add mushrooms and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Cook, stirring frequently, 10 minutes or until mushrooms are all dark and tender. Add vinegar to the pan and stir to coat. The vinegar will cook away in about 1 minute. Add stock to the pan and scallions. Toss to combine. Stir quick cooking polenta into boiling chicken stock until it masses. Stir in butter and cheese and season wit <END>
INPUT: bacon, onion, tomatoes, Sherry, soy sauce
OUTPUT: TITLE: Scrod with Tomatoes, Bacon, and Sherry | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 slices of lean bacon; 1 small onion, chopped; 1/2 cup chopped drained canned tomatoes; 3 tablespoons medium-dry Sherry; 1 teaspoon soy sauce; 1/8 teaspoon sugar; two 6-ounce scrod fillets | INSTRUCTIONS: In a skillet cook the bacon over moderate heat, turning it, until it is crisp, transfer it with tongs to paper towels to drain, and crumble it. Pour all but 1 tablespoon of the fat from the skillet and in the remaining fat cook the onion, stirring, until it begins to turn golden. Add the tomatoes, the Sherry, the soy sauce, and the sugar and simmer the sauce for 5 minutes, or until it is thickened. Add the scrod and simmer it, covered, for 4 minutes. Turn the scrod and simmer it, covered, for 4 minutes more, or until it just flakes. Transfer the scod with a slotted spatula to 2 plates and keep <END>
INPUT: earthy, salad, prosciutto, portobello mushroom caps, celery from heart, onion, flat leaf parsley
OUTPUT: TITLE: Earthy Portobello Salad with Prosciutto | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 pound prosciutto, thinly sliced but not shaved; 4 portobello mushroom caps; 6 ribs celery from heart with leafy tops, thinly sliced on an angle; 1/2 small red onion, thinly sliced; 1/2 cup freshly chopped flat-leaf parsley; 2 cups baby arugula; 2 lemons, juiced; 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil, eyeball it; Salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: TIDBIT - larger markets carry very tiny bottles of truffle oil. It makes a very tasty drizzle over the top of this salad. Heat broiler. Arrange the prosciutto on foil covered baking sheet and broil to make crisp, 3 to 4 minutes. Reserve. Arrange the thinly sliced vegetables on a platter with parsley and arugula. Dress the salad with lemon juice, extra-virgin olive oil and salt and pepper. Drizzle with truffle oil, optional. Break up the crispy prosciutto and scatter over the salad. Serve. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, slaw, honey, limes, cumin, garam masala, virgin olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Apple-Lime-Peanut Slaw | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 4 teaspoons honey; 4 limes, juiced; 1 teaspoon ground cumin; 1/4 teaspoon garam masala; Extra-virgin olive oil; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 small head green cabbage, finely shredded; 2 Granny Smith apples, cored and sliced into thin matchsticks; 1/4 cup roasted peanuts | INSTRUCTIONS: Whisk the honey, lime juice and spices together in a small bowl. Slowly whisk in enough extra-virgin olive oil to emulsify the dressing. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Combine the cabbage, apples and peanuts in a large serving bowl. Add the dressing and toss well. Serve. <END>
INPUT: American, coffee, beef, American cheese, Salt, Pepper, hamburger buns
OUTPUT: TITLE: The Coffee Burger | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 pounds ground beef; 6 slices American cheese; Salt; Pepper; 2 hamburger buns | INSTRUCTIONS: Split ground beef in half making two (1-pound) patties. Place both patties on grill and cook through. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Add cheese during last 5 minutes of cooking. Place finished burgers on a regular sized bun. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, mole, sauce, pure olive oil, corn tortillas, onion, garlic, pumpkin seeds
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Tuna with Yellow Mole Sauce and Chayote Succotash | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup pure olive oil; 2 yellow corn tortillas, coarsely chopped; 1 red onion, chopped; 4 cloves garlic, chopped; 1/4 cup pumpkin seeds; 3 cups lobster stock or clam stock; 2 roasted yellow peppers, peeled, seeded and chopped; 1 ripe mango, peeled, and chopped; 2 tomatillos, husked and chopped; 2 tablespoons golden raisins; 1/2-ounce chopped white chocolate; 1 tablespoon honey; Pinch cloves; Salt and freshly ground white pepper; 4 tuna fillets, 6 ounces each | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat the oil in a medium saucepan until smoking. Add the tortillas and fry until crisp, remove to a plate. Add the onions and garlic to the pan and cook until soft. Remove. Add the pumpkin seeds to the pan and cook until golden. Add the stock, peppers, mango, tomatillos and raisins and cook for 30 minutes over medium-high heat. Place the mixture and the fried tortillas in a food processor and process until smooth. Heat the oil in a medium saucepan until smoking. Add the tortillas and fry until crisp, remove to a plate. Add the onions and garlic to the pan and cook until soft. Remove with Add t <END>
INPUT: Mexican, oven, chicken, Mojito Marinade, onion, Italian parsley cilantro, Lime wedges
OUTPUT: TITLE: Oven-Roasted Mojito Chicken | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 chicken (3 1/2 pounds), cut into 8 pieces; 1 cup Mojito Marinade; 1 large onion, sliced into 1/2-inch rounds; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh Italian parsley or cilantro; Lime wedges; Rice | INSTRUCTIONS: Spread the chicken out in a baking dish, and pour the Mojito Marinade over it. Get personal with the pieces and rub some of the marinade right up under the skin. Marinate the chicken for 4 hours, or overnight, in the fridge. Turn the oven on to 375°. Scatter the onion slices over the bottom of a roasting pan, and put the chicken on top, skin side up. Pour the remaining marinade over the chicken and onions, and pop the pan into the oven. Roast for 1 hour and 15 minutes, til the chicken is golden and cooked through. Lift the chicken pieces out of the pan and arrange them on a platter. Stir up th <END>
INPUT: salad, Dijon mustard, salt, shallots, flat leaf parsley, wine vinegar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Salad with Canadian Bacon and Poached Eggs | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 2 tablespoons minced shallots; 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh flat-leaf parsley; 5 1/2 teaspoons red-wine vinegar; 4 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 6 oz sliced Canadian bacon, cut into 1- by 1/4-inch pieces; 1/2 teaspoon black pepper; 4 large eggs; 6 cups torn frisée | INSTRUCTIONS: Whisk together mustard, salt, shallots, parsley, and 4 1/2 teaspoons vinegar in a large bowl. Add 3 tablespoons oil in a slow stream, whisking until emulsified. Heat remaining tablespoon oil in a 12-inch skillet over high heat and brown bacon with pepper, stirring, 1 to 2 minutes. Fill a deep 10-inch skillet with 1 1/2 inches of water and 1 teaspoon vinegar and bring to a simmer. Break 1 egg into a cup, then slide into water. Repeat with remaining 3 eggs, spacing them evenly. Poach at a bare simmer until whites are firm but yolks are still runny, 2 to 3 minutes. Transfer eggs to paper towels a <END>
INPUT: florentine, chicken breasts, Salt pepper, All purpose flour, shallots
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken Florentine Style | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 boneless skinless chicken breasts; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; All-purpose flour, for dredging; 6 tablespoons (3/4 stick) unsalted butter; 2 tablespoons shallots, sliced; 1 tablespoon chopped garlic; 1 1/2 cups dry white wine; 1 cup whipping cream; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh Italian parsley; 2 (10-ounce) packages frozen cut-leaf spinach, thawed, drained | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Sprinkle the chicken with salt and pepper. Dredge the chicken in the flour to coat lightly. Shake off any excess flour. Melt 2 tablespoons of butter in a heavy large skillet over medium heat. Add the chicken and cook until brown, about 5 minutes per side. Transfer the chicken to a plate and tent with foil to keep it warm. Melt 2 tablespoons of butter in the same skillet over medium heat. Add the shallots and garlic and saute until the shallots are translucent, stirring to scrape up any browned bits on the bottom of the skillet, about 1 minute. Add the wine. Incre <END>
INPUT: skewers, Three packages mushrooms, loosely flat leaf, spicy sweet Italian, panko breadcrumbs, Parmesan
OUTPUT: TITLE: Stuffed-Mushroom Skewers | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Three 8-ounce packages white mushrooms (about 32 mushrooms), wiped clean, stems removed and reserved; 1 cup loosely packed fresh flat-leaf parsley leaves, chopped; 6 ounces spicy or sweet Italian sausage, casings removed; 2/3 cup panko breadcrumbs; 1/2 cup freshly grated Parmesan, plus 4 ounces for shaving; 1 clove garlic, grated; 3 tablespoons olive oil, plus more for brushing and for oiling the grill grates; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 lemon, cut into wedges | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: Four 12-inch skewers Prepare a grill for medium-high heat. Process the mushroom stems and half the parsley in a food processor until nearly pureed, about 20 seconds; transfer to a medium bowl. Add the sausage, breadcrumbs, grated Parmesan, garlic, oil, 1/2 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of pepper to the bowl, and mix until combined. Stuff each mushroom cap with 1 to 2 teaspoons of the filling, depending on the cap's size. Give a gentle push to make sure the filling adheres to the cup of the mushroom and mounds a bit over the top. Thread a skewer through the centers of 8 of t <END>
INPUT: shallots, virgin olive oil, Yukon Gold potatoes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Potatoes and Shallots | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 large shallots, peeled and halved lengthwise; 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, divided; 1 1/2 pounds medium Yukon Gold potatoes, peeled and quartered | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 400°F with rack in lowest position. Toss shallots with 1 1/2 tablespoon oil, 1/2 teaspoon salt, and 1/4 teaspoon pepper in a 13-by 9-inch baking pan, spreading evenly. Roast, stirring occasionally, until shallots are golden, about 30 minutes. Toss potatoes with remaining 1 1/2 tablespoons oil, 1/2 teaspoon salt, and 1/4 teaspoon pepper in a bowl, then add to shallots. Roast, turning occasionally, until vegetables are tender and potatoes are crusty, 40 to 50 minutes. Preheat oven to 400°F with rack in lowest position. Toss shallots with 1 1/2 tablespoon oil, 1/2 teaspoon salt, a <END>
INPUT: Italian, soup, Kosher salt pepper, ditalini pasta, olive oil, fryer chicken, low sodium chicken
OUTPUT: TITLE: Italian Chicken Soup | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 pound ditalini pasta (a very short macaroni-type pasta); 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1 fryer chicken, cut into pieces; 8 cups low-sodium chicken broth; 2 green bell peppers, diced; 2 stalks celery, diced; 2 fresh jalapenos, diced; 1 medium onion, diced; 1/2 teaspoon dried oregano; One 28-ounce can diced tomatoes; 2 cups heavy cream; Parmesan shavings, for serving; Crusty Italian bread, for serving | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring a large pot of water to a boil and add salt. Cook the pasta in the boiling water according to the package directions; do not overcook. Drain and rinse in cold water to cool. Toss in 1 tablespoon of the olive oil and set aside. Put the chicken pieces in a large pot or Dutch oven and cover in the chicken broth. Bring to a boil, lower to a simmer and cook, covered, for 45 to 50 minutes. Remove the chicken pieces from the pot, shred the meat and set aside. Discard the bones and skin. Skim the fat from the stock, then strain the stock and set aside. In a new pot, add the remaining 1 tablespoo <END>
INPUT: kebabs, relish, onions, sumac, lamb, parsley
OUTPUT: TITLE: Ground Lamb Kebabs with Sumac Relish | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 onions, very thinly sliced; 2 tablespoons sumac; 2 pounds ground lamb; 2 onions, finely chopped; 1/2 cup finely chopped parsley; 4 cloves garlic, minced; 1 teaspoon kirmizi biber; 1 egg white; Salt; 4 to 6 poblano chiles; Flat bread or pitas; Melted butter; 4 to 6 tomatoes, halved | INSTRUCTIONS: In a small bowl, combine the onions and sumac and toss well. Set aside until ready to serve. In a large bowl, combine the lamb, onions, parsley, garlic, and kirmizi biber, and mix thoroughly, kneading with your hand. Add the egg white and salt, and knead mixture to a paste. Divide it into 4 equal portions, and roll each portion into a flat, sausage shape. Wipe kebab skewers with oil, and using a dampened hand gently squeeze meat against the skewer. Secure meat onto skewer by squeezing mixture up and down, spreading it evenly and making sure it is firmly attached to the skewer. Preheat a grill  <END>
INPUT: crusted, olive oil, shallots, garlic, unsalted butter, Worcestershire sauce
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Pepper Crusted T-Bone Steaks with Worcestershire-Chive Butter | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon olive oil; 1/4 cup finely chopped shallots; 1 teaspoon finely chopped garlic; 2 stick unsalted butter, at room temperature; 1/4 cup Worcestershire sauce; 2 tablespoons dry mustard; 3 tablespoons finely chopped chives; Salt and freshly ground pepper; 2 cups coarsely ground black peppercorns; 3 tablespoons ancho chile powder; 8 T-bone steaks, each 10 to 12 ounces; Olive oil; Salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat grill or side burner. Heat oil in a medium skillet add shallots and garlic and cook until soft, let cool slightly. Place butter in a small bowl and add shallot mixture, Worcestershire, mustard and chives and mix until combined. Season with salt and pepper to taste. Scrape mixture into the center of a piece of waxed paper and roll into a log. Refrigerate until firm. Preheat grill. Mix the peppercorns and ancho chile powder in a medium baking dish. Brush steaks with olive oil and season with salt. Dredge one side of the steaks in the pepper mixture and grill, pepper side down, until gold <END>
INPUT: sauce, rhubarb, orange juice, sugar, orange zest, blueberries
OUTPUT: TITLE: Poached Rhubarb Sauce with Blueberries Over Orange Sections | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound rhubarb, trimmed and cut into thin slices; 1/4 cup orange juice; 5 tablespoons sugar; 1/2 teaspoon finely grated orange zest; 1 cup fresh or frozen blueberries; 2 large naval oranges, peeled and cut into sections; Mint sprigs for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine the rhubarb, orange juice, sugar, and orange zest in a saucepan. Cover, bring to a boil over medium high heat, then turn to low and cook for 8 minutes or until the rhubarb is very soft. Stir in the blueberries and chill for later, or spoon into 4 dessert bowls. Arrange the orange sections in a flower shape on top of the sauce and garnish with a sprig of mint.; <END>
INPUT: layered, olive oil, sweet italian sausages, savory cabbage, beef stock beef, tomatoes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Polenta Layered with Cabbage and Sausages | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons olive oil; 6 sweet italian sausages; 2 pounds savory cabbage, thinly sliced (about 15 cups); 2 cups beef stock or canned beef broth; 2 cups coarsely chopped peeled tomatoes; Basic Polenta | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat 3 tablespoons olive oil in heavy large pot over medium heat. Add sweet Italian sausages; saut&é sausages until golden brown on all sides, about 4 minutes. Add thinly sliced cabbage; saut&é until cabbage is wilted, about 10 minutes. Add 2 cups beef stock and chopped tomatoes. Bring to a boil. reduce heat to low. Cover and simmer 40 minutes to blend flavors. Remove sausages. Preheat oven to 350°F. Spoon half of Basic Polenta into 13x9x2-inch glass baking dish. Top with half of cabbage and half of cooking liquid. Spoon remaing polenta atop cabbage. Arrage Italian sausages atop polenta. Spoon <END>
INPUT: American, sundaes, heavy cream, semisweet chocolate chips, coffee espresso powder, brownies, vanilla ice cream
OUTPUT: TITLE: Brownie Sundaes | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 cups heavy cream; 12 ounces semisweet chocolate chips; 1 1/2 teaspoons instant coffee or espresso powder; 6 brownies; 1 quart vanilla ice cream | INSTRUCTIONS: Melt the heavy cream, chocolate chips, and instant coffee in a bowl over simmering water until smooth, stirring occasionally. Place a brownie on each plate, top with a scoop of ice cream, and serve with warm chocolate sauce. <END>
INPUT: Italian, parmesan, ravioli, peas, parmigiano reggiano additional, mint, dumpling wonton wrappers, unsalted butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pea and Parmesan Wonton Ravioli | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 2 2/3 cups frozen peas (3/4 pound); 1/3 cup grated parmigiano-reggiano plus additional for serving; 2 teaspoons chopped mint; About 64 dumpling or wonton wrappers; 3/4 stick unsalted butter, melted | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook peas in boiling salted water until just tender, 3 to 4 minutes. Drain and cool, then purée in a food processor. Stir in cheese, mint, and 1/2 teaspoon each of salt and pepper. Put a rounded teaspoon filling in center of a wrapper. Lightly brush edge of wrapper with water, then place a second wrapper on top and seal, pressing out any trapped air. Repeat with remaining wrappers and filling, keeping ravioli covered as you work. Boil ravioli in 2 batches in a pasta pot of salted boiling water until tender, 2 to 3 minutes per batch, removing with a slotted spoon. Drizzle with butter and sprink <END>
INPUT: crusted, virgin olive oil, garlic, thyme bundle, bay leaves, lemon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Potato-Crusted Halibut | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cups extra-virgin olive oil; 6 garlic cloves, smashed; 1 thyme bundle; 2 bay leaves; 1 lemon, zest removed from the lemon with a vegetable peeler in wide strips; Pinch crushed red pepper flakes; 1 tablespoon fennel seeds; 3 Yukon gold potatoes, scrubbed; 4 (6-ounce) Pacific halibut fillets; Kosher salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. In a small saucepan over medium heat, combine the olive oil, garlic, thyme, bay leaves, lemon zest, crushed red pepper flakes and fennel seeds. Bring to a boil then turn the heat off and let it sit for at least 1 hour. (*Big tip: This can be done ahead and used for LOTS of different things.) Using a mandoline, slice 1 potato extremely thin, (paper thin), in elongated rounds. Lay a piece of parchment paper on a clean, dry work surface. Arrange 3 potato slices in an overlapping vertical line pressing them together as you put them on the parchment. Repeat this proce <END>
INPUT: vegetable oil, cake flour, baking powder, kosher salt, egg whites
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mint Chip Ice Cream Cake | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Nonstick vegetable oil spray; 1 1/2 cups cake flour; 1/2 teaspoon baking powder; 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt; 11 large egg whites; 1/4 teaspoon cream of tartar; 1 3/4 cups sugar; 10 tablespoons (1 1/4 sticks) unsalted butter, melted, cooled slightly; 1/4 cup vegetable oil; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; 6 pints (packed) mint chocolate chip ice cream, softened in refrigerator for 20 minutes; 2 cups coarsely crushed chocolate wafer cookies or Oreos; 2 1/2 teaspoons unflavored gelatin; 4 cups chilled heavy cream; 1 cup powdered sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: For cake: Preheat oven to 350°F. Coat a large rimmed baking sheet (17x13x1") with nonstick spray. Line bottom with a large sheet of parchment paper. Whisk flour, baking powder, and salt in a medium bowl to blend; set aside. Using an electric mixer, beat egg whites on medium-high speed in a large bowl until light and frothy, 1-2 minutes. Increase speed to high; add cream of tartar. With mixer running, gradually add sugar. Beat until meringue is soft and pillowy, is tripled in volume, and medium peaks form, 8-10 minutes. Using a spatula, gently fold dry ingredients into meringue, being careful n <END>
INPUT: bars, all purpose flour, buckwheat flour, granulated sugar, light sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Strawberry Buckwheat Bars | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup (2 sticks) cold unsalted butter, cut into pieces, plus more for pan; 2 1/4 cups all-purpose flour; 3/4 cup buckwheat flour; 1/2 cup granulated sugar; 1/2 cup light brown sugar; 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt; 1 teaspoon baking powder; 1 large egg, beaten to blend; 3 cups hulled, quartered strawberries (about 1 pound); 1 (12–13-ounce) jar strawberry preserves; 1 tablespoon cornstarch; 2 teaspoons fresh lemon juice; Powdered sugar (for dusting; optional) | INSTRUCTIONS: Make the crust: Preheat oven to 375°F. Butter a 9x13" baking pan and line with parchment paper, leaving a 1" overhang on both long sides. Pulse all-purpose flour, buckwheat flour, granulated sugar, brown sugar, salt, and baking powder in a food processor until well combined. Add 1 cup butter and pulse until mixture resembles coarse meal. Add egg and pulse until well distributed. Transfer mixture to a large bowl and mix with your fingers until clumps form; it should look like crumb topping at this point. Chill dough while you make the filling. Preheat oven to 375°F. Butter a 9x13" baking pan an <END>
INPUT: soup, unsalted butter, shallots, fennel bulb, kosher salt, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pea, Lettuce and Fennel Soup | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons unsalted butter; 2 small shallots, chopped; 1 medium fennel bulb, chopped (about 2 cups); 1 teaspoon kosher salt; 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 1 medium head Bibb lettuce, cut into 1/2-inch-wide strips; One 10-ounce package frozen petite peas (about 2 1/4 cups); 1 1/2 cups low-salt chicken broth, plus extra, as needed; 1/2 teaspoon fennel seeds | INSTRUCTIONS: Melt the butter in a heavy large saucepan over medium heat. Add the shallots and fennel. Season with 1/2 teaspoon of the salt and 1/4 the teaspoon pepper. Cover the saucepan and cook until almost tender, stirring occasionally, 6 to 7 minutes. Add the lettuce and toss until wilted, 1 to 2 minutes. Mix in the peas, broth, 1 cup water and fennel seeds. Bring the soup to a boil. Cover; reduce the heat to medium-low and simmer until the vegetables are just tender, 5 to 6 minutes. In a blender, blend the soup, 1 cup at a time, until smooth. Pour the soup back into the saucepan and keep warm over low <END>
INPUT: shakes, dates, skim milk, French vanilla ice, nutmeg
OUTPUT: TITLE: Date Shakes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup pitted dates, coarsely chopped; 1 quart skim milk; 2 pints French vanilla ice cream; 1 teaspoon grated fresh nutmeg | INSTRUCTIONS: For each date shake, place 1/4 cup coarsely chopped pitted dates, a handful, in a blender. Add 1 cup cold skim milk and 2 big scoops of French vanilla ice cream. Grate 1/4 teaspoon of fresh nutmeg into blender and blend date shake until smooth. <END>
INPUT: sour, English beef short, Kosher salt pepper, virgin olive oil, onions, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sweet-and-Sour Short Ribs | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 bone-in English-cut beef short ribs (about 3 3/4 pounds); Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 2 medium onions, chopped; 4 cloves garlic, thinly sliced; 2 stalks celery, chopped, plus 1 cup chopped celery leaves; 2 tablespoons paprika; 1/4 cup tomato paste; 1 bunch Swiss chard, leaves chopped; 1/3 cup fresh lemon juice; 5 scallions, roughly chopped; 1 1/4 pounds beets, peeled and cut into 3/4-inch pieces; 1 pound carrots, peeled and cut into 3/4-inch pieces; 1 pound sweet potatoes, peeled and cut into 3/4-inch pieces; 1 tablespoon sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Season the short ribs with salt and pepper. Heat the olive oil in a Dutch oven or ovenproof pot over medium-high heat. Add the short ribs and brown on all sides, about 10 minutes total. Transfer the meat to a plate. Add the onions, garlic, chopped celery stalks and paprika to the pot and cook, stirring occasionally, until the onions soften, about 4 minutes. Add the tomato paste and cook, stirring, until it starts to brown, about 4 minutes. Add 6 cups water and 2 teaspoons salt and stir, scraping up any browned bits from the bottom of the pot. Return the meat  <END>
INPUT: Asian, teriyaki, soy sauce, mirin Sherry, cider vinegar, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Salmon Teriyaki | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1/3 cup soy sauce; 2 tablespoons mirin or medium dry Sherry; 2 1/2 tablespoons cider vinegar; 2 tablespoons sugar; 1 1/2 tablespoons peeled, chopped fresh gingerroot; 2 (1/2-thick) salmon steaks | INSTRUCTIONS: In a small saucepan simmer sauce ingredients, stirring until sugar is dissolved, until reduced to about 1/2 cup and cool to room temperature in a metal bowl set in a large bowl of ice and cold water. In a baking dish large enough to just hold salmon steaks in 1layer marinate salmon in sauce, turning to coat, 15 minutes. Preheat broiler. Line broiler pan and rack with foil. Arrange fish on rack in a single layer, not touching each other, brush with melted butter or margarine, and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Just how long fish should be broiled can only be estimated by size and shape. For a 1 <END>
INPUT: vinaigrette, salad greens mesclun, lemon juice, good olive oil, kosher salt, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Green Salad Vinaigrette | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 8 to 10 cups salad greens or mesclun mix; 1/4 cup freshly squeezed lemon juice (2 lemons); 1/2 cup good olive oil; 1 teaspoon kosher salt; 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Place the salad greens in a large bowl. In a small bowl, whisk together the lemon juice, olive oil, salt, and pepper. Pour enough dressing on the salad to moisten. Toss and serve. <END>
INPUT: salad, carpaccio, ketchup, mayonnaise, rice vinegar, lemon, chives
OUTPUT: TITLE: Romaine Salad with Carpaccio of Tomato and Cucumber | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup ketchup; 1 cup mayonnaise; 1 tablespoon rice vinegar; 1 lemon, zest grated and juiced; 1 tablespoon finely minced chives; 1 tablespoon finely minced parsley leaves; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 large ripe yet firm fresh tomato, very thinly sliced with a mandoline; 1 English cucumber, peeled and very thinly sliced with a mandoline; 1 1/2 cups mixed greens (organic mesclun mix such as arugula, mache, chicory, sorrel) soaked in salt water to remove grit, thoroughly rinsed, dried in; 1 heart romaine, separated into individual leaves; 1 tablespoon shaved red onion | INSTRUCTIONS: To make the salad dressing, whisk together, ketchup, mayonnaise, rice vinegar, lemon zest, lemon juice, chives, and parsley. Season, to taste, with salt and pepper and set aside. To assemble the carpaccio, place a large tomato slice on each serving plate to be used as the base. Top with 4 thin slices cucumber, distributing evenly atop the tomato. Put a 1/4 teaspoon of salad dressing in the center of cucumbers to anchor a romaine leaf placed curved side up. Top romaine with a small amount of shaved red onion. Place 1/2 cup of greens alongside carpaccio. Drizzle dressing on and around and serve  <END>
INPUT: cafe, oil, sugar, eggs, vanilla extract, milk
OUTPUT: TITLE: Ice Box Cafe Peanut Butter Ice Cream Cake | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup oil; 2 cups sugar; 3 eggs; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; 1 cup of milk; 1 cup coffee, brewed strongly; 1 cup Dutch cocoa powder; 2 cups all purpose flour; 1 teaspoon baking powder; 2 teaspoons baking soda; Pinch salt; 1 pint chocolate ice cream; 2 cups creamy peanut butter; 1 pint vanilla ice cream; Chocolate cake | INSTRUCTIONS: To make the chocolate cake: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Choose between a 10 by 3-inch round or a rectangular shaped baking pan and spray it with baking grease or butter and then line the bottom with parchment paper. Combine the oil and the sugar in mixer until well blended. Add the eggs and the vanilla extract and continue to mix until well blended. Add the milk and the coffee. Sift all of the dry ingredients and then add them to the wet ingredients in three batches allowing each batch to be thoroughly absorbed. Pour the batter in prepared pans and bake for approximately 25 minutes or until <END>
INPUT: Italian, cook, sauce, blanched hazelnuts, cherry tomatoes, kosher salt, spaghetti linguine, beefsteak tomato
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spaghetti with No-Cook Tomato Sauce and Hazelnuts | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup blanched hazelnuts; 1 pound cherry tomatoes, halved; 1 teaspoon kosher salt, plus more; 12 ounces spaghetti or linguine; 1 beefsteak tomato, chopped; 2 garlic cloves, crushed; 1 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes; 1 cup basil leaves, divided; 2 small zucchini (about 8 ounces), coarsely grated; 1/4 cup olive oil, plus more for drizzling; Freshly ground black pepper; 1 ounce ricotta salata (salted dry ricotta), shaved | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350°F. Toast hazelnuts on a rimmed baking sheet, tossing once, until golden brown, 8–10 minutes. Let cool, then coarsely chop. Place cherry tomatoes in a large bowl; season with salt. Cook spaghetti in a large pot of boiling salted water, stirring occasionally, until al dente. Drain pasta, reserving 1/4 cup pasta cooking liquid. Meanwhile, puree beefsteak tomato, garlic, red pepper flakes, 1/2 cup basil, 3 tablespoons chopped hazelnuts, and 1 teaspoon salt in a food processor until smooth; add to bowl with salted cherry tomatoes. Add zucchini, spaghetti, pasta cooking liquid, 1 <END>
INPUT: dinner, cucumbers, kosher salt, sour cream, dill, wine vinegar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Smoked Fish Dinner | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 medium cucumbers (about 1 1/2 pounds), peeled, halved lengthwise, and thinly sliced; 2 tablespoons kosher salt; 1/4 cup sour cream; 3 tablespoons chopped fresh dill; 3 teaspoons white wine vinegar; Pinch cayenne pepper; Freshly ground black pepper; 1/2 red onion, thinly sliced; 1 to 1 1/4 pounds assorted smoked fish, such as salmon, trout, mackerel, or whitefish; 1 bunch watercress, thick stems trimmed; 1/2 cup prepared horseradish; Optional: Multi-grain bread | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large bowl, mix the cucumbers and salt and set aside at room temperature for 1 hour. In a colander in the sink, drain and rinse the cucumbers thoroughly under cold running water, then drain it well, pat dry, Transfer the cucumbers to a large bowl and mix with the sour cream, dill, 1 teaspoon vinegar, cayenne, and season with pepper, to taste. Meanwhile, toss the onion with the remaining 2 teaspoons of the vinegar in a microwave-safe bowl, and microwave on HIGH for 1 minute. Set aside to cool. Arrange the fish, cucumber salad, onions, watercress, and bowls of horseradish on a large serving <END>
INPUT: snow, cones, crabmeat, bell pepper, mango flesh, onion, onions
OUTPUT: TITLE: Crab 'Snow Cones' on Ice | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound chopped crabmeat; 1 bell pepper, seeded and finely chopped; 2 cups finely chopped mango flesh; 1/2 cup finely chopped red onion; 1/4 cup chopped green onions; 2 lemons, juiced; 1/4 cup chopped cilantro leaves; 1 teaspoon specialty salt (recommended: Hawaiian Lava salt...'cause I am fancy like that); 1 chopped serrano or jalapeno pepper, or to taste; 1 teaspoon fine sugar; Dash hot sauce; Ice, for serving | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: 2 1/2-inch metal cones Combine all of the above ingredients, except the ice, and refrigerate for at least 1 hour. Fill a large serving glass bowl with ice. Stuff 8 to 10 deep metal cones with the crab mixture. If metal cones are not available, you can make your own snow cones out of wax coated paper. Arrange the cones in the ice bowl and serve. <END>
INPUT: American, casserole, zucchini squash, sage sausage, hot sausage, onions, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Zucchini and Sausage Casserole | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 pounds zucchini or yellow squash, coarsely grated; 3/4 pound sage sausage; 3/4 pound hot sausage; 2 onions, chopped; 3 garlic cloves, chopped; 1 cup heavy cream; 1 cup fresh bread crumbs; 5 large eggs, lightly beaten; 2 to 3 cups grated sharp cheddar cheese; 2 cups chopped pecans; Salt; Freshly ground pepper; Hot sauce; 6 tablespoons butter, melted; 3/4 cup fresh bread crumbs | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350°F. Grease a wide, 2-quart baking dish, or spray it with nonstick spray. Put the zucchini in a colander to drain for about 30 minutes or wrap it in a clean tea towel and gently squeeze it to remove the excess liquid. Put the zucchini in a large mixing bowl. Heat a large skillet and add the sage sausage and hot sausage. Cook until the sausage starts to brown, stirring to break it up. Pour off all but about 3 tablespoons grease. Add the onions and cook until soft, about 5 minutes. Stir in the garlic and cook 1 more minute. Combine the sausage and onions with the zucchini.  <END>
INPUT: warm, salad, beefsteak tomatoes, Salt pepper, virgin olive oil, celery leafy tops, baby portobello mushrooms
OUTPUT: TITLE: Warm Mushroom Salad Stuffed Tomatoes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 large beefsteak tomatoes; Salt and pepper; 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, 3 turns of the pan; 4 ribs celery with leafy green tops, chopped; 1 pound baby portobello mushrooms, quartered; 2 tablespoons sherry vinegar or balsamic vinegar, eyeball it; 2 teaspoons Dijon mustard; Handful flat-leaf parsley, chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: Split the tomatoes in half and scoop out the seeds and flesh. Trim the core tops with small knife. Season the tomato halves with salt and pepper. Heat the extra, 3 turns of the pan, in a medium skillet over medium-high heat. Add the celery and mushrooms and cook 7 to 8 minutes until mushrooms are tender. Season the vegetables with salt and pepper and add vinegar to the pan. Turn off heat and stir in mustard and parsley to coat. Adjust the seasonings. Divide the warm salad among the 4 tomato halves and serve. <END>
INPUT: sauce, cucumber, wine vinegar, salt, onion, sour cream
OUTPUT: TITLE: Poached Salmon with Cucumber Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound cucumber, peeled and seeded; 1 tablespoon white wine vinegar; 1 teaspoon salt; 1 small onion, grated; 1 cup sour cream; 3 tablespoons lemon juice; 1 tablespoon sugar; 3 tablespoons snipped fresh dill, plus extra for garnish; Salt and pepper; 4 6- to 8-ounces salmon fillets, 1/2-inch thick; 1 quart water; 2 teaspoons salt; 3 tablespoons wine vinegar | INSTRUCTIONS: Grate cucumber and toss with vinegar and salt in a colander. Set aside for 30 minutes to drain. With your hands squeeze juices from cucumber. Combine cucumber in a mixing bowl with remaining sauce ingredients and season to taste with salt and pepper. Skin salmon fillets and remove bones. Fill a wide saucepan with water, about 3 inches deep. For one quart of water, add 2 teaspoons salt and 3 tablespoons vinegar; adjust proportions accordingly for more or less water. Bring to a boil. Carefully add salmon to pan and adjust heat until water is just below simmering -- it should shiver, and not quit <END>
INPUT: Italian, tortelloni, broth, all purpose flour, eggs, virgin olive oil, mixed wild mushrooms
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tortelloni in Mushroom-Parmesan Broth | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups all-purpose flour, plus more for dusting; 2 large eggs; 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 10 ounces mixed wild mushrooms; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; Kosher salt; 3/4 cup fresh ricotta cheese; 1/3 cup chopped fresh chives; 1/3 cup chopped fresh parsley; 1/4 cup grated parmesan cheese; 1 large egg yolk; Pinch of freshly grated nutmeg; 3/4 cup dried porcini mushrooms (about 3/4 ounce), rinsed; 1 onion, quartered; 1 carrot, roughly chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: Make the pasta dough: Pulse the flour once or twice in a food processor. Add the eggs and olive oil and pulse untilthe dough gathers around the blade, 40 to 60 seconds. Turn the dough out onto the counter and knead a few times, then shape it into a smooth ball. Wrap the dough in plastic wrap and let rest at room temperature, 30 minutes. (The dough can be made a day ahead and refrigerated; bring it to room temperature before rolling.) Prepare the filling: Remove the mushroom stems and set aside for the broth; finely chop the caps. Heat the olive oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Add the  <END>
INPUT: ceviche, halibut fillet, lime juice, grapefruit juice, grapefruit, very garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Halibut Ceviche with Grapefruit and Chiles | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound halibut fillet; 1/2 cup freshly squeezed lime juice; 6 tablespoons freshly squeezed grapefruit juice; 1 whole grapefruit; 1/2 teaspoon very finely minced garlic; 2 tablespoons very finely minced red chiles; 1 tablespoon very finely minced green chiles; 2 packed tablespoons chiffonade of fresh mint; Garnish: Hot sauce, extra virgin olive oil | INSTRUCTIONS: With a very sharp knife, cut the halibut into thin broad slices. Place in a bowl, and toss with the lime juice and grapefruit juice. Let sit at room temperature for 15 minutes Meanwhile, cut the grapefruit in half, at the equator, and using a grapefruit knife, cut out pieces of grapefruit. Slice each piece in half, the long way When ready to serve ceviche, drain the liquid completely from the halibut, and discard liquid. Add grapefruit pieces to the fish, along with garlic, red chiles, green chiles, and mint. Toss gently. Divide among 6 plates, laying out the strips of halibut flatly on each p <END>
INPUT: Asian, bowl, reduced sodium chicken, water, mirin, fish sauce, scallions
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken-Scallion Rice Bowl | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 6 cups reduced-sodium chicken broth; 2 cups water; 2 tablespoons mirin; 1 tablespoon fish sauce; 1 bunch scallions (about 6); 4 ounces shiitake mushrooms, caps thinly sliced, stems reserved; 1 (2-inch) piece fresh ginger, peeled and sliced; 6 garlic cloves, sliced; 1 small bunch basil, plus basil leaves, for serving; 1 large chicken breast (about 12 ounces); 1/2 to 1 red jalapeno, thinly sliced (seeds and ribs removed for less heat, if desired); 1 cup frozen shelled edamame, thawed; 3 ounces (1 cup) julienned jicama; Kosher salt; 2 cups hot cooked brown rice | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine the broth, water, mirin, and the fish sauce in a large saucepan. Cut all but one scallion into 1-inch pieces and add to the broth with the mushroom stems, ginger, garlic and bunch basil. Bring to a simmer over medium-high heat and continue to simmer until reduced by half, about 45 minutes. Remove the solids from the broth using a strainer or slotted spoon and discard. Add the chicken, sliced mushroom caps, and jalapeno to the broth; adjust heat to keep the broth at a gentle simmer and cook 12 to 14 minutes or until the chicken is just cooked through. Transfer the chicken to a cutting b <END>
INPUT: salad, heirloom tomatoes, shallot, wine vinegar, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Heirloom and Cherry Tomato Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 (1/2-pint) basket assorted cherry tomatoes; 2 pounds heirloom tomatoes, different colors and sizes; 1 shallot, diced fine; 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar; 1 garlic clove, smashed; Salt; 1/2 cup extra-virgin olive oil; Pepper; Green and purple basil leaves, chopped; Lemon cucumbers and torpedo onions, optional | INSTRUCTIONS: Stem the cherry tomatoes and cut them in half. Core the larger tomatoes and cut them into slices or wedges. For the vinaigrette, macerate the shallot in the vinegar with the garlic and a little salt. Whisk in the oil. Taste and adjust the acidity and salt as necessary. Put the tomatoes in a shallow salad bowl or on a platter. Season with salt and pepper, strew on the chopped basil leaves, and carefully dress with the vinaigrette. Thin slices of peeled lemon cucumber and torpedo onion are wonderful additions to the salad. For a more elegant tomato salad, slice perfectly ripe heirloom tomatoes a <END>
INPUT: oven, Sage shallot polenta, sage leaves, pancetta, Cornish game hens, Kosher salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Oven-Roasted Cornish Game Hens with Sage-Shallot Polenta | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Sage-shallot polenta or any kind of leftover polenta; 2 tablespoons minced fresh sage leaves; 1/4 pound pancetta, cut into small cubes; 4 Cornish game hens, about 1 pound each; Kosher salt and black pepper in a mill; Olive oil; 16 whole sage leaves, plus more for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Peel and mince 3 shallots and saute in 1 tablespoon butter until soft and fragrant. Add 2 tablespoons minced fresh sage, stir, and remove from the heat. Add to the polenta with the pepper, butter, and cheese. Prepare the sage-shallot polenta several hours in advance. When it is done, pour it onto a baking sheet rinsed in cold water and use a rubber spatula to spread it 3/4-inch thick. Let it cool slightly and then place it in the refrigerator, covered, until it is very firm. Remove it from the refrigerator, cut it into small cubes, and place the cubes in a medium mixing bowl. Add the minced sa <END>
INPUT: double, deep, vegetable oil more, natural unsweetened cocoa, water, well stirred unsweetened, eggs
OUTPUT: TITLE: Double-Deep-Chocolate Hanukkah Layer Cake | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 cup vegetable oil plus more for greasing pans; 3/4 cup natural unsweetened cocoa powder (not Dutch-process) plus more for dusting pans; 1 cup water; 3/4 cup well-stirred canned unsweetened coconut milk; 3 large eggs, warmed in shell in warm water 5 minutes; 1 1/2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract; 2 cups all-purpose flour; 1 3/4 cups sugar; 2 teaspoons baking powder; 1/2 teaspoon baking soda; 3/4 teaspoon salt; 1 1/2 cups well-stirred canned unsweetened coconut milk; 24 ounces (4 cups) semisweet chocolate chips (see Cooks' Notes); 2 teaspoons instant espresso powder; 1 1/2 tablespoons light corn syrup | INSTRUCTIONS: Bake cake layers: Heat oven to 350°F with rack in middle. Oil pans and line bottoms with rounds of parchment, then dust sides only with cocoa powder, knocking out excess. Whisk together water, coconut milk, 3/4 cup oil, eggs, and vanilla in a bowl until well blended and smooth. Sift together flour, sugar, 3/4 cup cocoa powder, baking powder and soda, and salt into a large bowl. Add wet ingredients to flour mixture and whisk until smooth. Divide batter between pans, and bake until a tester comes out clean and layers just begin to pull away from side of pans, 25 to 30 minutes. Cool cake layers i <END>
INPUT: olive oil, plain milk Greek, honey, Kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Watermelon With Yogurt, Poppy Seeds, and Fried Rosemary | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1 (6-inch) rosemary sprig; 1/2 cup plain whole-milk Greek yogurt; 1 tablespoon honey; Kosher salt; 1 (3-pound) seedless watermelon, rind removed, cut into 2-inch pieces; 3 tablespoons fresh grapefruit juice; Flaky sea salt; 1 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes; 1 teaspoon poppy seeds | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat oil in a small skillet over medium. Fry rosemary until crisp, about 20 seconds. Transfer to a paper towel to drain; set rosemary oil aside. Mix yogurt and honey in a small bowl; season with kosher salt. Toss watermelon and grapefruit juice in a large bowl; season with flaky sea salt. Spread yogurt on a large platter. Top with watermelon and crumble fried rosemary over. Drizzle 1 Tbsp. reserved rosemary oil over (save remaining oil for another use) and sprinkle with red pepper flakes and poppy seeds. Heat oil in a small skillet over medium. Fry rosemary until crisp, about 20 seconds. Trans <END>
INPUT: mores, plain cake doughnuts, chocolate bar, mini marshmallows
OUTPUT: TITLE: Doughnut S'Mores | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 plain cake doughnuts, such as Entenmann's, halved horizontally; One 16-ounce chocolate bar, broken into bite-size pieces; 2 cups mini marshmallows | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the broiler. Place the doughnut halves, cut-side up, on a baking sheet. Top half with a piece of chocolate. Top the other half with marshmallows. Broil until the chocolate is melted and the marshmallows are melted and toasty brown, 2 to 3 minutes; keep a close eye on the marshmallows, as they can burn quickly! Remove from the oven, let cool for 1 minute, and then sandwich the marshmallow halves and the chocolate halves together. Serve immediately. <END>
INPUT: American, gratinata, parsnips, milk, Parmesan cheese, nutmeg, butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tortellini Gratinata with Mushrooms and Parsnip "Béchamel | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 12 ounces of parsnips; 2 1/2 cups whole milk, divided; 1 cup freshly grated Parmesan cheese, divided; Large pinch of freshly grated nutmeg; 4 1/2 tablespoons butter, divided; 1 1/4 pounds baby portobello mushrooms (portobellini), thinly sliced; 2 large garlic cloves, finely chopped; 2 teaspoons minced fresh rosemary; 3 8-to 9-ounce packages cheese-filled tortellini or tortelloni; 6 ounces imported creamy Gorgonzola dolce cheese, cut into small pieces (about 1 1/2 cups); Ingredient Info: Gorgonzola dolce is milder and softer than regular Gorgonzola | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook parsnips in medium saucepan of boiling salted water until very tender, about 20 minutes. Drain; reserve saucepan. Transfer parsnips to processor. Add 1 1/2 cups milk. Blend until smooth. With machine running, gradually add remaining 1 cup milk through feed tube. Add 3/4 cup Parmesan cheese and nutmeg; blend well. Return sauce to reserved pan. Simmer over low heat until reduced to 3 cups, whisking often, about 5 minutes. Season béchamel sauce to taste with salt and freshly ground black pepper. Melt 2 1/2 tablespoons butter in heavy large skillet over medium-high heat. Add mushrooms, garlic <END>
INPUT: panna, cotta, unflavored gelatin, all natural Concord, lemon juice, seedless grapes, grappa
OUTPUT: TITLE: Yogurt and Brown-Sugar Panna Cotta With Grape Gelée | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 teaspoon unflavored gelatin (from a 1/4-oz envelope); 1 cup all natural Concord grape juice; 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice; 1 cup red and green seedless grapes (6 ounces), thinly sliced crosswise; 1 tablespoon grappa; Vegetable oil for greasing ramekins; 2 teaspoons unflavored gelatin (from another 1/4-oz envelope); 1 cup heavy cream; 1/2 cup packed dark brown sugar; 2 cups low-fat plain yogurt; 2 tablespoons grappa; 1/8 teaspoon salt; Special equipment: 6 (8-oounce) ramekins | INSTRUCTIONS: Make gelée: Sprinkle gelatin over 1/4 cup grape juice in a 1-quart heavy saucepan and let stand 1 minute to soften. Bring to a simmer, stirring until gelatin is dissolved. Remove from heat and stir in remaining 3/4 cup grape juice with lemon juice, grapes, and grappa. Lightly oil ramekins and put in a shallow baking pan. Divide grape mixture among ramekins and chill in freezer until just set, about 30 minutes. Sprinkle gelatin over 1/4 cup grape juice in a 1-quart heavy saucepan and let stand 1 minute to soften. Bring to a simmer, stirring until gelatin is dissolved. Remove from heat and stir  <END>
INPUT: harvard, beets, sugar, cornstarch, cider vinegar, unsalted butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Harvard Beets | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 pounds fresh beets, trimmed; 2/3 cup sugar; 4 teaspoons cornstarch; 1/2 cup cider vinegar; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; Salt, to taste | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. Simmer the beets, covered in salted water, until tender, about 40 minutes. Drain, reserving 1/2 cup of the liquid. 2. When the beets are cool enough to handle, slip off the skins and cut the beets into a 1/4-inch dice. You should have about 6 cups of diced beets. Set aside. 3. In a medium-sized pot, whisk together the sugar, cornstarch, vinegar, and reserved beet liquid. Bring the mixture to a gentle boil. Whisking constantly, cook for 30 seconds or until thickened. Remove from the heat and whisk in the butter until melted. 4. Stir in the diced beets and cook to heat through. Season with sa <END>
INPUT: salad, balsamic vinegar, lemon juice, virgin olive oil, Olive oil, vegetable oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Butternut Squash and Apple Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons balsamic vinegar; 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 6 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; Olive oil; Nonstick vegetable oil spray; 1/4 cup balsamic vinegar; 2 teaspoons (packed) dark brown sugar; 2 2-pound butternut squash, peeled, halved lengthwise, seeded; Coarse kosher salt; 4 heads of Belgian endive, root ends trimmed, leaves separated into individual leaves; 2 unpeeled Fuji apples, halved, cored, cut into matchstick-size strips; 8 ounces blue cheese (such as Maytag), coarsely crumbled; 1/2 cup dried cranberries | INSTRUCTIONS: For dressing: Whisk vinegar and lemon juice in small bowl; gradually whisk in oil. Season with salt and pepper. Whisk vinegar and lemon juice in small bowl; gradually whisk in oil. Season with salt and pepper. For salad: Preheat oven to 400°F. Brush 2 large rimmed baking sheets with oil; spray with nonstick spray. Whisk vinegar and sugar in small bowl; set aside. Cut squash halves crosswise into 1/4-inch-thick slices. Arrange squash in single layer on prepared sheets; brush with oil and sprinkle with coarse salt and pepper. Roast 5 minutes; brush with sugar-vinegar mixture. Turn squash over an <END>
INPUT: American, dressing, bulb fennel, Olive oil, Sea salt pepper, squeeze lemon juice, salted anchovies
OUTPUT: TITLE: Minute Steak with Roasted Fennel and Arugula and Caper Dressing | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 firm bulb of fennel; Olive oil; Sea salt and freshly ground black pepper; A squeeze of lemon juice; 4 salted anchovies; 1 tablespoon capers; 1 sun-dried tomato (in olive oil); 1 small clove of garlic, peeled and crushed; 4 green or Kalamata olives, pitted; 1 bag (approx. 2 1/2 ounces) of arugula; 1 ripe beefsteak tomato; Juice and zest of 1/2 a lemon; 1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil; Olive oil; 1/2 pound minute steak | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350°F. Cut the fennel into thin wedges and place on a baking sheet. Drizzle with olive oil, season, and squeeze the lemon juice over it. Roast in the oven for 15 to 20 minutes, until softened and lightly charred, turning once during cooking. Meanwhile, make the dressing by putting all the ingredients (except the olive oil) into a blender and pulsing them a few times. Slowly add the olive oil while you are pulsing, but don't overdo it, as you want to keep some texture. Taste and adjust the seasoning as necessary. For the beef, heat 1 tablespoon of olive oil in a non-stick fr <END>
INPUT: coriander seed, mustard seed, onions, wine vinegar, balsamic vinegar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pickled Red Onions | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons coriander seed, toasted; 1 tablespoon mustard seed, toasted; 3 medium red onions, julienned; 1/4 cup red wine vinegar; 1/4 cup white balsamic vinegar; 1/8 cup sugar; 3 bay leaves; 3 sprigs thyme; Salt and cracked black pepper to taste; 1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Toast the coriander seed in a small, dry sauté pan over medium heat until its aroma is released, about 2 minutes. Add the mustard seed to the same pan and toast for 1 additional minute. Soak the onions in ice water, then drain and pat dry. In a small sauce pot, slowly bring the vinegars, sugar, bay leaves, and thyme to a boil. Adjust the flavor with water if too acidic. Pour this mixture over the onions in a medium, heat-proof bowl; allow to sit for 5 minutes. Drain off the excess vinegar, season with salt and pepper, then toss lightly with the olive oil. Store the picked onions in an airtight <END>
INPUT: American, eggs, dark sugar, sugar, dark Karo syrup, vanilla extract
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate Pecan Pie | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 3 large eggs; 1/2 cup dark brown sugar; 1 cup white sugar; 3/4 cup dark Karo syrup; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; 2 tablespoons sweet butter; 2 ounces bourbon; 4 ounces semisweet chocolate; 1/4 cups shelled pecans; 1- (9- inch) unbaked deep dish pie crust; 2 cups all purpose flour; 1 teaspoon salt; 1 teaspoon sugar; 3/4 cup shortening; 6 tablespoons ice water (some brands of flour may require more water | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large bowl, mix together eggs, dark brown and white sugar, syrup, and vanilla. Set aside. In a double boiler, melt butter, bourbon, and chocolate together. Allow to cool down about 2 minutes. Fold chocolate mixture into egg mixture. Add pecans and pour into pie crust. Bake at 350 degrees for 45 to 55 minutes or until knife inserted halfway between center and edge comes out clean In a bowl, mix together flour, salt and sugar. Add in shortening using a pastry blender or a fork until flour forms small chunks. Sprinkle cold water into the mixture one tablespoon at a time. Toss mixture lightly <END>
INPUT: schnitzel, holstein, chicken breast, Salt pepper, Flour, eggs, seasoned bread crumbs
OUTPUT: TITLE: Paprika Chicken Schnitzel with Fried Eggs (Holstein) | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 pieces chicken breast; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; Flour; 6 eggs, divided; 2 cups seasoned bread crumbs; 2 tablespoons sweet paprika; A handful flat-leaf parsley, leaves chopped; 1 lemon, zested and juiced, divided, plus wedges for serving; 4 to 5 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, divided; 1 jar roasted red peppers, thinly sliced; 1 tablespoon butter; 1 heart romaine lettuce, shredded; 8 anchovy fillets; 4 tablespoons capers | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 200 degrees F. Place a baking sheet in oven to keep cooked cutlets crisp. Butterfly the chicken breast pieces across the breast but not all the way through, open the meat up and set into a plastic food storage bag or 2 pieces waxed paper. Gently pound out each piece into very thin, large cutlets. Pile cutlets on a plate and season with salt and pepper. Arrange a station for breading: flour, 2 beaten eggs, bread crumbs mixed with paprika, parsley and the zest of a lemon. Heat just enough oil to coat the bottom of a large nonstick skillet over medium to medium-high heat. Bread 2  <END>
INPUT: raita, unpeeled English hothouse, plain milk yogurt, cumin, cayenne pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cucumber-Mint Raita | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 large unpeeled English hothouse cucumber, halved, seeded, coarsely grated; 2 cups plain whole-milk yogurt; 1/4 cup (packed) chopped fresh mint; 1 teaspoon ground cumin; 1/4 teaspoon plus pinch of cayenne pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Wrap grated cucumber in kitchen towel and squeeze dry. Whisk yogurt, mint, cumin, and 1/4 teaspoon cayenne pepper in medium bowl to blend. Add cucumbers and toss to coat. Season raita to taste with salt and pepper. Cover and refrigerate at least 2 hours. (Can be prepared 1 day ahead. Keep refrigerated.) Sprinkle raita with pinch of cayenne pepper and serve. Wrap grated cucumber in kitchen towel and squeeze dry. Whisk yogurt, mint, cumin, and 1/4 teaspoon cayenne pepper in medium bowl to blend. Add cucumbers and toss to coat. Season raita to taste with salt and pepper. Cover and refrigerate at  <END>
INPUT: jerk, sugared, onions, hot chile, cider vinegar, honey
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spicy Jerk Wings with Sugared Oranges | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 green onions, green parts only, coarsely chopped; 1 (1/4-inch) piece fresh ginger, cut into chunks; 1 hot red chile, preferably Scotch Bonnet, whole; 1/2 cup cider vinegar; 3 tablespoons honey; 2 tablespoons fresh thyme leaves; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 2 teaspoons ground allspice; 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 12 chicken wings; 2 tablespoons brown sugar; 2 seedless oranges; 5 long and mild red chiles, whole and undamaged | INSTRUCTIONS: For the marinade: Add the onions, ginger, chile, vinegar, honey, thyme, olive oil, allspice, and cinnamon to the pitcher of a blender, and whizz or pulse until smooth. Alternatively, pound the ingredients into a paste using a mortar and pestle. Adjust the seasonings with salt, and black pepper. For the wings: Pour the marinade over the wings, turning them so that they are well coated. Leave them to marinate, covered, in the refrigerator for at least 4 hours, or overnight, turning the wings over once or twice. Get a barbecue going and let the coals die down to hot gray ash or preheat the oven t <END>
INPUT: Asian, mousse, lollipops, olive oil, Salt pepper, wonton skins, Neufchatel cream cheese
OUTPUT: TITLE: Smoked Salmon Mousse Lollipops with Wasabi Creme Fraiche and Baked Wonton Flakes | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1 (8-ounce) salmon fillet (about 1 large fillet); 2 tablespoons olive oil, divided; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 8 wonton skins, cut crosswise into triangles; 16 ounces Neufchatel cream cheese; 1 package powdered gelatin; 1 bunch scallions, chopped; 8 ounces smoked salmon; 3 tablespoons wasabi powder; 6 ounces creme fraiche; Aluminum foil; Wooden skewers | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven 375 degrees F. Brush the salmon fillet with 1 tablespoon olive oil and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Bake on a sheet tray in the oven until cooked through, about 12 to 15 minutes. Break the salmon into small pieces with a fork. Brush the wonton skins with the remaining olive oil. Put the wontons on a sheet tray and bake until golden brown and crisp, about 6 to 7 minutes. In food processor, mix the cream cheese and gelatin until smooth. Put the mixture in a bowl and stir in the cooked salmon and scallions. On a large sheet of aluminum foil, arrange the smoked salmon in <END>
INPUT: milk ricotta cheese, powdered sugar, coffee granules, whipping cream, brandy
OUTPUT: TITLE: Coffee Cream | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 pounds whole milk ricotta cheese; 3/4 cup powdered sugar; 2 tablespoons instant coffee granules; 1 cup chilled whipping cream; 3 tablespoons brandy | INSTRUCTIONS: Blend ricotta, sugar and coffee granules in processor. Add cream and brandy and process until smooth and slightly thickened. Divide mixture into six 8-ounce custard cups. Cover with plastic and refrigerate until well chilled. Blend ricotta, sugar and coffee granules in processor. Add cream and brandy and process until smooth and slightly thickened. Divide mixture into six 8-ounce custard cups. Cover with plastic and refrigerate until well chilled. <END>
INPUT: Asian, galette, apples, walnuts, crystallized ginger, sugar, all purpose flour
OUTPUT: TITLE: Apple-Walnut-Ginger Galette | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 3 large apples (Pink Lady or Gala), peeled, cored and thinly sliced; 1/4 cup chopped walnuts; 1/4 cup chopped crystallized ginger; 2 tablespoons plus 2 teaspoons brown sugar, divided; 1 tablespoon all-purpose flour; 3/4 teaspoon cinnamon; 1 trans-fat-free piecrust (such as Whole Foods' or homemade, enough for a 9-inch pie); Vegetable oil cooking spray | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat oven to 400°F. In a bowl, toss apples with walnuts, ginger, 2 tablespoons sugar, flour and cinnamon. Roll pie crust into a 12-inch circle, about 1/8-inch thick. Coat a baking sheet with cooking spray; place pie crust on sheet. (It's OK if the pie crust hangs over the sides.) Arrange apple slices in one layer to form a circle about 3 inches from edge of pie crust; fill in circle with more slices. Scrape any remaining walnuts and ginger from bowl onto apples. Gently fold edges of pie crust over outer edge of apple filling to form a thick crust. Spray outer rim of crust with cooking spray; s <END>
INPUT: butterscotch, splits, raisins, water, sugar, unsalted butter, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Butterscotch Rum Raisin Banana Splits | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons raisins; 1/4 cup water; 1/3 cup sugar; 1/2 tablespoon unsalted butter; 1/8 teaspoon salt; 2 tablespoons rum; 2 to 4 scoops of vanilla ice cream; 1 banana | INSTRUCTIONS: In a small bowl let the raisins soak in the water. In a dry small heavy skillet heat the sugar over moderate heat, undisturbed, until it begins to melt, cook it, swirling the skillet occasionally, until it is a golden caramel, and remove the skillet from the heat. Add the raisins with the water, the butter, and the salt, stir in the rum, and cook the mixture over moderately low heat, stirring, until the caramel dissolved. Divide the ice cream between 2 dishes, halve the banana lengthwise and crosswise, and arrange 2 banana pieces in each dish. Spoon the butterscotch sauce over the ice cream an <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, papillotes, wide heavy duty, two snapper fillets, virgin olive oil, pepper, lemon juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Red Snapper Papillotes with Lemon and Thyme | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 2 sheets 12-inch-wide heavy-duty foil (each about 15 inches long); two 6-ounce red snapper fillets, pin bones removed; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; freshly ground black pepper; 2 teaspoons fresh lemon juice; 1/2 teaspoon chopped fresh thyme leaves; 6 very thin lemon slices (about 1/16 inch thick); Accompaniment if desired: Vegetable Couscous with Black Olives | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 500°F. and heat a baking sheet in lower third of oven 5 minutes. Fold each sheet of foil in half crosswise to crease, and then unfold. On a plate coat red snapper fillets with oil and sprinkle with pepper and salt to taste. On each sheet of foil put 1 fillet to one side of crease and sprinkle with 2 teaspoon lemon juice, 1/4 teaspoon thyme, and half of any oil remaining on plate. Top each fillet with 3 lemon slices. Working with 1 foil package (papillote) at a time, fold left half of foil over fillet. Starting at 1 corner of crease, fold edge of foil over in triangles, followin <END>
INPUT: Italian, ravioli, wonton wrappers, Sabra hummus, olive oil, Zaatar spice sea, pepper coulis
OUTPUT: TITLE: Hummus Ravioli | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 12 wonton wrappers; 4 tbsp. Sabra hummus; 2 tbsp. olive oil; Zaatar spice and sea salt to taste; Red pepper coulis | INSTRUCTIONS: 1.Lay out a large baking sheet with parchment. 2.Place the wontons on the baking sheet and dollop 1 tsp. of Sabra hummus in the center of each square. 3.Fill a bowl with 1/4 cup water. Wet your finger with water and use to trace half the edge of the wonton square. Fold in half and seal, pressing both sides firmly together. 4.In a nonstick skillet over medium high heat warm 2 tbsp. olive oil. 5.Saute raviolis on both sides until crisp. Cool on drying rack. 6.Sprinkle Zaatar spice and sea salt on both sides, dip in red pepper coulis and enjoy! Recipe by Colombe Jacobsen <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, asian, wraps, Bibb romaine lettuce, sesame oil, cabbage, carrots, leftover beef
OUTPUT: TITLE: Asian Beef Lettuce Wraps with Curried Couscous | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 8 Bibb or romaine lettuce leaves; 1 tablespoon sesame oil; 1 cup shredded cabbage; 1 cup shredded carrots; 2 cups shredded leftover cooked beef; 1/4 cup hoisin sauce; 1 tablespoon reduced-sodium soy sauce; 1 1/4 cups water; 1 cup uncooked couscous; Salt and pepper; 1 teaspoon curry powder | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large skillet over medium-high heat, add the sesame oil and heat. Add the cabbage and carrots and saute for 2 minutes. Add the beef and cook, stirring, until the beef is heated and the cabbage begins to wilt, about 2 minutes. Add the hoisin sauce and soy sauce and cook 5 minutes, until mixture heats through and cabbage wilts, stirring frequently. Meanwhile, bring the water to a boil. Place the couscous in a heatproof bowl and sprinkle with salt, pepper, and curry powder. Pour the boiling water over the couscous and cover for 5 minutes. Fluff with a fork. Spoon some of the beef into the ce <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, olive oil, rosemary leaves stripped, Israeli couscous, chicken stock, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Rosemary Couscous | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 6 tablespoons olive oil; 6 rosemary sprigs leaves stripped, plus sprigs for garnish; 4 cups Israeli couscous; 8 cups chicken stock; 2 teaspoons salt; 1 teaspoon pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Put the olive oil and rosemary leaves into a large, heavy bottomed saucepan and place over high heat. When the rosemary begins to sizzle, about 1 minute, add the couscous. Stir to coat well and cook for 2 minutes, stirring frequently. Add the chicken stock, salt and pepper, lower the heat and let simmer until all of the stock has been absorbed, about 20 minutes. Remove from the heat, fluff with a fork and transfer to a chafer. Garnish with fresh sprigs of rosemary around the sides of the dish. <END>
INPUT: wilted, salad, canola oil, onion, garlic, Kosher salt, apple cider vinegar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lightly Wilted Spinach Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon plus 2 teaspoons canola oil; 1 small red onion, peeled and grated on a cheese grater; 1 clove garlic, peeled and lightly smashed; Kosher salt; 1/4 cup apple cider vinegar; 3/4 pound spinach leaves, stemmed, washed and dried; 3 eggs, hard boiled, peeled and chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: In a small skillet, heat 1 teaspoon of the canola oil. Add the onion and garlic clove and cook, stirring gently, for 2 minutes. Season lightly with salt. Discard the garlic clove. Whisk in the cider vinegar and add 1 teaspoon canola oil. Taste for seasoning. Remove from heat and set aside. Place a large heatproof bowl over low heat and add the remaining 1 tablespoon canola oil. When the bowl is warm remove it from the heat and add the spinach. Season lightly with salt and toss with a spoon so the spinach gets coated with the oil and wilts slightly, 1 minute. The spinach should only be partiall <END>
INPUT: punch, milk, light cream, brandy, dark rum, fine granulated sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Milk Punch with Brandy and Rum | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 cups milk; 2 cups light cream; 1 cup brandy; 3/4 cup dark rum; 1/4 cup fine granulated sugar; Garnish: grated nutmeg | INSTRUCTIONS: In a heavy saucepan, combine the milk, light cream, brandy, dark rum, and sugar. Heat the mixture over moderate heat, stirring, until the sugar is dissolved and the mixture is hot. Pour the mixture into a heat-proof punch bowl, rinsed with boiling water beforehand, and garnish the punch with grated nutmeg. In a heavy saucepan, combine the milk, light cream, brandy, dark rum, and sugar. Heat the mixture over moderate heat, stirring, until the sugar is dissolved and the mixture is hot. Pour the mixture into a heat-proof punch bowl, rinsed with boiling water beforehand, and garnish the punch with <END>
INPUT: loaf brioche challah, virgin olive oil, hot Italian sausage, unsalted butter, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spinach, Fennel, and Sausage Stuffing with Toasted Brioche | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 loaf brioche or challah (about 12 ounces), cut into 1" cubes; 1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil; 1 pound hot Italian sausage, casing removed; 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, divided, plus more for dish; 1 yellow onion, chopped (about 1 1/2 cups); 1 medium fennel bulb, cored and coarsely chopped (about 3 cups); 4 large eggs, beaten; 2 1/2 cups low-salt chicken broth; 2 pounds frozen spinach, thawed, well squeezed, coarsely chopped; 2 teaspoons kosher salt; 1 1/2 teaspoons freshly ground black pepper; 1 1/2 teaspoons fennel seeds | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350°F. Scatter bread on a rimmed baking sheet. Toast until golden brown, tossing once, about 15 minutes. Let cool completely. DO AHEAD: Bread can be toasted 1 day ahead. Store airtight at room temperature. Heat oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Add sausage and cook, breaking up into small pieces with the back of a spoon, until browned and cooked through, 8-10 minutes. Drain on a paper towel-lined plate; let cool. Melt 2 tablespoons butter in the same skillet over medium-low heat. Add onion and fennel and cook, stirring occasionally, until soft, 10-12 minutes.DO AHEAD: Ca <END>
INPUT: curried, salad, potatoes, virgin olive oil, Fuji Honeycrisp apple, curly kale leaves, olive oil mayonnaise
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Curried Apple Potato Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 pounds red potatoes, halved and quartered; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1/2 Fuji or Honeycrisp apple, halved and cut into thin slices; 3 cups curly kale leaves, torn; 3 tablespoons olive oil mayonnaise or Vegenaise mayonnaise; 3 tablespoon Dijon mustard; 1 tablespoon curry powder; 2 tablespoons reduced- sodium tamari soy sauce or Bragg Liquid Aminos; 1 tablespoon fennel or caraway seeds (optional) | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 375°F and line a rimmed baking sheet with aluminum foil. Place the potatoes on the prepared baking sheet and toss with 2 tablespoons of the olive oil to coat. Place on the middle rack in the oven and roast for 40 minutes. When the potatoes are fork-tender and crispy on the outside, remove from the oven and set aside to cool slightly. While the potatoes are roasting, make the dressing: Whisk together the mayonnaise, mustard, curry powder, tamari soy sauce or Bragg Liquid Aminos, and caraway or fennel seeds, if using, in a large bowl until well combined. Add the slightly cool <END>
INPUT: wrapped, Two rainbow trout, Kosher salt pepper, olive oil, herbs, capers
OUTPUT: TITLE: Bacon Wrapped Trout | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Two 8-ounce rainbow trout, butterflied and dressed; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 tablespoons olive oil, divided; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh herbs, such as parsley, chives and thyme; 1 tablespoon capers, drained and chopped; 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped; Juice of half a lemon, plus 4 thin lemon slices; 4 slices bacon | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Sprinkle the inside and outside of the trout with salt and pepper. Combine 1 tablespoon of the olive oil, the herbs, capers, garlic, lemon juice and some salt and pepper in a small bowl and divide this mixture between the two trout. Fold the trout back onto themselves, lay 2 lemon slices on top of each fish, and then wrap each trout with 2 slices of bacon holding the lemons in place. Heat a large cast-iron skillet over medium-high heat and coat lightly with the remaining tablespoon olive oil. Place the trout, lemon-side up, in t <END>
INPUT: Mexican, beef, cumin, coriander, chuck, canola oil, onions
OUTPUT: TITLE: Beef and Dark Beer Chili | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 tablespoons ground cumin; 1 tablespoon ground coriander; 5 pounds ground chuck; 2 tablespoons canola oil; 2 1/2 pounds onions, coarsely chopped; 1 1/2 pounds red bell peppers, seeded, cut into 1/2-inch pieces; 1 1/2 pounds yellow bell peppers, seeded, cut into 1/2-inch pieces; 2 large jalapeño chiles with seeds, chopped (about 1/3 cup); 7 tablespoons chili powder; 2 teaspoons (packed) minced canned chipotle chiles in adobo sauce*; 2 28-ounce cans crushed tomatoes with added puree; 2 15-ounce cans kidney beans, drained; 1 12-ounce bottle dark beer (such as stout); Sour cream; Chopped green onions | INSTRUCTIONS: Toast cumin and coriander in skillet over medium heat until darker and beginning to smoke, about 4 minutes. Cool. Sauté beef in heavy large pot over medium-high heat until no longer pink, breaking up with spoon, about 8 minutes. Heat oil in large skillet over medium-high heat. Add onions, all bell peppers, and jalapeños. Sauté until vegetables begin to soften, about 15 minutes. Add mixture to pot with meat. Mix in toasted spices, chili powder, and chipotle chiles. Add crushed tomatoes, beans, and beer. Bring chili to boil, stirring occasionally. Reduce heat and simmer 20 minutes, stirring ofte <END>
INPUT: chips, mayonnaise, lemon zest, lemon juice, thyme leaves, vegetable oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Jerusalem Artichoke Chips with Lemon Thyme Dip | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup mayonnaise; 1 teaspoon finely grated fresh lemon zest; 1 teaspoon fresh lemon juice; 1 teaspoon chopped fresh thyme leaves; 4 cups vegetable oil; 1/2 pound Jerusalem artichokes (sometimes called Sun Chokes) | INSTRUCTIONS: In a small bowl stir together mayonnaise, zest, lemon juice, thyme, and salt and pepper to taste until combined. In a 4-quart heavy kettle heat oil over moderate heat until a deep-fat thermometer registers 325°F. While oil is heating, cut unpeeled artichokes lengthwise into 1/8-inch-thick slices. Fry artichokes in 2 batches in oil 1 1/2 minutes (artichokes will not color) and transfer to paper towels to drain. Heat oil to 350°F. Return artichokes in 2 batches to oil and fry, stirring occasionally, until golden and crisp, about 5 minutes. Transfer chips with a slotted spoon to clean paper towel <END>
INPUT: Italian, onion, garlic, olive oil, spicy Italian sausage, zucchini
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pumpkin Lasagna | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 medium onion, chopped; 4 to 6 garlic cloves, chopped; 1 tablespoon olive oil; 1 pound spicy Italian sausage, casing removed; 1 large zucchini, cubed; 1 (28 ounce) can tomato sauce; 1 cup red wine; Kosher salt, freshly ground black pepper and spices, to taste; 1 pound ricotta cheese; 1 cup shredded mozzarella cheese; 1 cup shredded romano cheese; 2 eggs; 1 1/2 cups pumpkin puree; 1 pound cooked lasagna noodles | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large heavy skillet, over medium heat, saute onion and garlic in the olive oil until translucent. Add sausage and cook until brown, breaking it up with a wooden spoon as it cooks. Add zucchini and cook for 5 more minutes. Set aside. In a medium pot combine tomato sauce and red wine and bring to a boil over medium-low heat. Adjust seasoning with kosher salt, freshly ground black pepper, to taste. If desired, add more spices to your liking. (I usually add dry oregano, basil, and parsley). Reduce heat to low, cover and let it simmer for 15 minutes, stirring occasionally. In a large bowl mixi <END>
INPUT: balls, cake crumbs from, cocoa powder, powdered sugar, pecans walnuts, honey
OUTPUT: TITLE: Rum Balls | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups finely ground cake crumbs from a leftover cake; 2 tablespoons cocoa powder, optional; 1 cup powdered sugar, sifted, plus extra for rolling; 1 cup finely chopped pecans or walnuts; 2 to 4 tablespoons honey; 1/4 cup dark rum; 4 ounces semisweet chocolate, melted, optional | INSTRUCTIONS: In a mixing bowl fitted with the paddle attachment, or by hand, mix together the cake crumbs, cocoa powder, powdered sugar, and nuts. Stir in the 2 tablespoons of honey and the rum. Using your hands, try to form the mixture into a ball. If the mixture won't hold together add a little more honey. Roll the mixture into 1-inch balls, then roll them in powdered sugar or melted chocolate, and let them set up. Then, let them age or ripen 24 hours.; Notes about the recipe: I toured Sara Lee Bakeries when I was a kid and they had scrap bins in laundry carts but it went to a local pig farmer. I used to <END>
INPUT: Italian, burgers, Vegetable oil, Kosher salt, spaghetti, parmesan cheese, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spaghetti Burgers | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: Vegetable oil, for frying and brushing; Kosher salt; 4 ounces spaghetti; 1/4 cup grated parmesan cheese; 1/2 small onion, cut into chunks; 5 cloves garlic, smashed; 1/2 cup fresh basil, plus 2 tablespoons thinly sliced, for topping; 1/4 cup fresh parsley; 1 1/4 pounds ground beef chuck; 3/4 cup grated parmesan cheese; 1 cup tomato sauce, plus 1 cup warmed for dipping; 1 teaspoon dried oregano; Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper; 4 slices mozzarella cheese; 4 hamburger buns, split | INSTRUCTIONS: Make the fries: Brush a baking sheet with vegetable oil. Heat 2 to 3 inches vegetable oil in a Dutch oven until a deep-fry thermometer registers 365 degrees F. Meanwhile, bring a medium pot of salted water to a boil. Add the pasta to the boiling water and cook as the package directs, then drain. Spread in an even layer on the prepared baking sheet and let cool. Cut the cooked spaghetti into short pieces and fry in batches, turning once, until golden, 30 seconds to 1 minute. Drain on paper towels and sprinkle with the parmesan and salt. Make the burgers: Preheat the broiler. Pulse the onion, 4  <END>
INPUT: prunes, beef stock beef, wine, prune juice, goose
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roast Goose with Chestnuts, Prunes and Armagnac | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 16-ounce package pitted prunes; 3 cups beef stock or canned beef broth; 1 3/4 cups dry red wine; 1 1/4 cups prune juice; 1 12- to 13-pound goose; 1 orange, quartered; 1 tablespoon salt; 1 tablespoon ground pepper; 1 large onion, cut into 8 pieces; 4 bay leaves; 6 tablespoons Armagnac, Cognac or other brandy; 1 tablespoon butter, room temperature; 1 tablespoon all purpose flour; 1 7 2/5-ounce jar steamed or roasted chestnuts; Chopped fresh parsley | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine prunes, stock, 1 1/2 cups wine and 1 cup prune juice in heavy medium saucepan. Simmer 10 minutes. Remove mixture from heat. Transfer 12 prunes to small bowl, using slotted spoon. Preheat oven to 375°F. Pat goose dry. Pull out fat from cavity. Rub inside and out with cut side of orange. Combine salt and pepper and rub inside and outside goose. Place orange, onion, bay leaves and 12 drained prunes in goose cavity. Tie legs together. Place goose on rack in roasting pan. Pierce all over with small metal skewer or toothpick. Roast goose 15 minutes. Reduce temperature to 350°F and roast 30 m <END>
INPUT: farotto, quail without bones, pancetta bacon, Salt pepper, virgin olive oil, Farro
OUTPUT: TITLE: Farotto with Smoked Bacon and Pear and Roasted Quail | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 quail without bones; 8 slices pancetta bacon; Salt and pepper; Extra virgin olive oil; 1 cup Farro; 4 ripe pears; 2 cups white wine; 5 ounces sugar; 1/2 lemon; 1 cinnamon stick; 1/2 onion, diced; 1 to 2 cups vegetable broth (carrot, celery, onion, parsley stems, 1 clove, 2 bay leaves); 8 ounces diced smoked bacon; 4 ounces butter; 4 ounces grated Parmesan cheese | INSTRUCTIONS: Wrap the quail with thin slices of pancetta bacon and season with salt and fresh black pepper. Place in a small pan with olive oil and put it in the oven at 450 degrees for about 8 to 10 minutes. Take the farro and rinse under cold water for about a minute. Peel the pears, cut in half and remove the seeds. Bring the white wine to boil with the sugar, lemon and cinnamon. Poach the pears until soft then remove from the broth and let it cool out. Take a large saucepan and saute the onions golden brown, add farro and cover with vegetable broth. Let it cook slowly for about 30 minutes. Stir and add <END>
INPUT: Italian, tapenade, crusted, kalamata olives, olives, oil cured olives, parsley leaves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Olive Tapenade Crusted Chicken and Quinoa with Roasted Garlic, Roasted Red Peppers and Basil | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: Nonstick cooking spray; 1 cup pitted kalamata olives; 1 cup green olives; 12 oil-cured olives, pitted; 1 tablespoon freshly chopped parsley leaves; 1 tablespoon drained capers; 1 tablespoon fresh thyme leaves; 4 anchovy fillets; 8 boneless, skinless chicken breast halves; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 cups peeled garlic cloves; 1 cup quinoa; 1 cup chopped roasted red peppers (from water-packed jar); 1/4 cup freshly chopped basil leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. Coat a large baking sheet with nonstick cooking spray. In a blender or food processor, combine all the olives, parsley, capers, thyme, and anchovies. Process until mixture forms a thick paste. Place chicken on prepared baking sheet. Top only 4 of the 8 chicken pieces with the olive tapenade mixture. Season the other 4 of the 8 chicken pieces with salt and pepper, to taste. Wrap garlic cloves in foil and place alongside chicken. Roast chicken and garlic for 25 minutes, until chicken is cooked through and garlic cloves are golden brown and tender. Meanwhile, cook q <END>
INPUT: French, salad, broccoli, Kosher salt, olive oil, oil anchovy fillet, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Broccoli and Arugula Salad | CUISINE: French | INGREDIENTS: 2 heads of broccoli, florets separated, stems peeled and reserved; Kosher salt; 3 tablespoons olive oil; 1 oil-packed anchovy fillet; 1 garlic clove; 2/3 cup mayonnaise; 1/4 cup buttermilk; 1 cup chervil with tender sprigs; 1 cup tarragon leaves; 1/4 cup chopped chives; 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 1 1/2 teaspoons Dijon mustard; 3 cups mature arugula, tough stems removed, leaves torn; 3 1/2 ounces smoked cheddar, grated | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook broccoli in a large pot of boiling salted water until bright green and crisp-tender, about 2 minutes. Drain; transfer to a bowl of ice water. Let cool, then drain. Pat broccoli dry; place in a large bowl. Prepare a grill for medium-high heat. Drizzle broccoli with oil and toss to coat; season with salt. Grill broccoli, turning occasionally, until charred in spots, 5–7 minutes. Return to bowl and let cool, tossing occasionally. Purée anchovy, garlic, mayonnaise, buttermilk, chervil, tarragon, chives, lemon juice, and mustard in a blender until smooth; season dressing with salt. Add arugula <END>
INPUT: Mexican, Two sea bass, Olive oil, Kosher salt pepper, Jalapeno Mango Salsa, lime
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Sea Bass with Jalapeno-Mango Salsa | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: Two 6-ounce pieces sea bass (white, black or striped); Olive oil; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 cup Jalapeno-Mango Salsa, recipe follows; 1 lime, wedged; Cooked white rice, optional; 2 tablespoons vegetable oil; 2 whole jalapeno chiles; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro; 2 mangoes, peeled, pitted and diced; 1 lime, juiced; 1/4 large red onion, minced; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat a grill pan on the stovetop over medium-high heat. Drizzle the fish on both sides with olive oil and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Place the fish onto the hot grill pan and cook until opaque in the center, about 5 minutes per side. Transfer to a plate. Top each piece of fish with 1/2 cup Jalapeno-Mango Salsa and serve with lime wedges. Accompany with white rice if desired. Heat the vegetable oil in a small saute pan over medium-high heat. Lightly fry the jalapeno chiles, turning them in the pan until their skins are blistered, about 5 minutes. Set aside to cool. Once cooled, stem, seed a <END>
INPUT: American, good, pancetta, onion, Salt, elbow macaroni
OUTPUT: TITLE: Man That's Good Mac and Cheese | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 4 ounces pancetta, diced; 1 small onion, diced; Salt; One 16-ounce box elbow macaroni; Nonstick cooking spray, for spraying the baking dish; 4 tablespoons butter; 1/4 cup all-purpose flour; 2 cloves garlic, minced; 3 cups whole milk; 1 teaspoon ground white pepper; 1/4 teaspoon cayenne pepper; 2 cups grated fontina cheese; 2 cups grated Gruyere cheese; 1/2 cup grated Parmesan; 2 tablespoons chopped celery leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat a large skillet over medium-low heat. Add the pancetta and cook until cooked through and just slightly crispy, 5 to 7 minutes. Transfer to a plate lined with a paper towel and reserve. Add the onions to the skillet and saute over medium heat until soft and translucent, about 8 minutes. Set aside. Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add the macaroni and cook until al dente, 6 to 8 minutes. Drain and set aside. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Spray a 9-by-13-inch baking dish with nonstick cooking spray. Melt the butter in a large saucepot over medium heat. Stir in the flour and  <END>
INPUT: American, all purpose flour, granulated sugar, salt, water
OUTPUT: TITLE: Classic Toasted Coconut Cream Pie | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/3 cups all-purpose flour; 2 teaspoons granulated sugar; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/2 cup (1 stick) cold unsalted butter, cut into small pieces; 3 to 4 tablespoons cold water; 2 1/4 cups fresh or well-stirred canned unsweetened coconut milk; 2/3 cup granulated sugar; 4 large egg yolks; 3 tablespoons all-purpose flour; 2 tablespoons cornstarch; Pinch of salt; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature; 3/4 cup plus 2 tablespoons shredded unsweetened dried coconut, toasted; 3/4 teaspoon pure vanilla extract; 1 cup heavy (whipping) cream | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. To make the crust: Whisk together the flour, sugar, and salt in a medium bowl. Cut in the butter with a pastry blender or two knives used scissors-fashion until the butter is the size of small peas. Sprinkle 1 tablespoon of the water over the mixture, stirring with a fork to moisten it evenly. Continue adding water until the dough just begins to come together when a small bit is pressed between your fingers; do not overwork the dough. Press the dough together into a ball and knead lightly. Shape the dough into a disk, wrap in wax paper, and refrigerate for at least 30 minutes, or for up to  <END>
INPUT: salad, beans, roasted pepper, garlic, onion, wine vinegar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Garlic Green Bean Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound green beans, stem ends removed; 1/3 cup diced roasted red pepper; 1 clove garlic, minced; 1/2 medium red onion, diced; 1 tablespoon red wine vinegar; Salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook green beans in a pot of boiling salted water until crisp tender, about 5 to 6 minutes. Remove to a bowl filled with ice water to stop the cooking. Drain and dry with paper towels then place in a serving bowl. Toss with remaining ingredients. Season, to taste, with salt and pepper. Let sit at room temperature, at least 30 minutes. <END>
INPUT: scallops, bonne, virgin olive oil, shallot, button mushrooms, butter, all purpose flour
OUTPUT: TITLE: Scallops Bonne Femme and Spinach with Crispy Prosciutto | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 5 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, divided; 1 large shallot, finely chopped; 12 button mushrooms, thinly sliced; 8 tablespoons butter, divided; 1 tablespoon all-purpose flour; 1/2 cup dry white wine; 1/2 cup chicken stock; 1 cup cream; Freshly grated nutmeg, to taste; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 or 2 dashes hot sauce; 8 slices prosciutto; 1 clove garlic, grated; 2 fresh thyme sprigs, leaves chopped; 3 to 4 fresh basil leaves, chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: Place oven rack at center of oven and preheat broiler. Heat 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil in a small pot over medium heat and add the shallots and mushrooms, cook 5 minutes. Add 2 tablespoons butter and flour to softened shallots and mushrooms and cook 1 minute then whisk in wine, reduce 30 seconds, add stock and bring to a bubble. Stir in cream and heat through. Season sauce with nutmeg, salt and pepper and a couple dashes hot sauce, then reduce heat to low. While the sauce is working, cover cookie sheet with foil and place prosciutto on the sheet and crisp up 2 minutes on each side un <END>
INPUT: American, bacon, wrapped, packages spinach, virgin olive oil, onion, Italian bread crumbs, Parmigiano Reggiano
OUTPUT: TITLE: Bacon Wrapped Beef Tenderloin Steaks with Spinach and Cheese Cakes | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 packages frozen chopped spinach, 10 ounces each; 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, 1 for onion, 2 tablespoons to fry cakes; 1 small onion, chopped; 1/2 cup Italian bread crumbs, 3 handfuls; 1/3 cup grated Parmigiano-Reggiano, 2 handfuls; 1 egg, beaten; 1/4 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg, eyeball it; Coarse salt and freshly ground pepper; 2 packages frozen chopped spinach, 10 ounces each; 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, 1 for onion, 2 tablespoons to fry cakes; 1 small onion, chopped; 1/2 cup Italian bread crumbs, 3 handfuls; 1/3 cup grated Parmigiano-Reggiano, 2 handfuls; 1 egg, beaten; 1/4 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg, eyeball it | INSTRUCTIONS: Defrost spinach in microwave. Wring spinach dry by nesting in kitchen towel and twisting towel over garbage bowl or sink until spinach has given off all of its liquid. Place spinach in a medium mixing bowl. Heat a nonstick skillet over medium heat, add oil and onion and saute the onion until soft, 5 minutes. Add onion to spinach in bowl and return pan to stove top. Turn off heat. Add remaining ingredients to spinach: bread crumbs, cheese, egg, nutmeg, salt and pepper. Combine mixture with a fork, then form into 3-inch patties. Set aside. Line bacon up on meat-safe cutting board a few inches ap <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, chimichurri, fruity olive oil, garlic, pepper, bay leaf, shallots
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grass-Fed Steaks with Kalamata-Olive Chimichurri | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons fruity olive oil, divided; 4 garlic cloves; 2 thinly sliced, 2 pressed; 1/4 teaspoon dried crushed red pepper; 1 bay leaf, preferably fresh, broken in half; 1/3 cup finely chopped shallots; 1/4 cup finely chopped fresh Italian parsley; 2 tablespoons finely chopped pitted Kalamata olives; 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar; 1 to 2 tablespoons water; 2 14-to 16-ounce 2-inch-thick grass-fed New York strip steaks; 2 teaspoons paprika; 1 teaspoon coarse kosher salt; 1/4 teaspoon cayenne pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat 2 tablespoons oil in heavy medium skillet over medium heat. Add sliced garlic, red pepper, and bay leaf. Stir until fragrant, about 1 minute. Add shallots and sauté until just translucent, about 2 minutes. Remove from heat; stir in parsley, olives, and vinegar. Add 1 tablespoon water. Add more water by teaspoonfuls to thin as needed. Season chimichurri with salt and pepper. DO AHEAD: Can be made 2 hours ahead. Let stand at room temperature. Rub steaks with 1 tablespoon oil and pressed garlic. Sprinkle both sides of each steak with 1/2 teaspoon paprika, 1/4 teaspoon coarse salt, cayenne, a <END>
INPUT: whipped, whipping cream, sugar, peppermint extract
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mint Whipped Cream | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 1/2 cups chilled whipping cream; 6 tablespoons sugar; 1 teaspoon peppermint extract | INSTRUCTIONS: Beat cream, sugar and peppermint extract in large bowl until stiff peaks form. Beat cream, sugar and peppermint extract in large bowl until stiff peaks form. <END>
INPUT: American, shrimp, seasoned salt, thyme, mustard
OUTPUT: TITLE: BBQ Shrimp with Cocktail Sauce | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound large shrimp, peeled and deveined; 1/4 teaspoon ground cloves; 1/4 teaspoon seasoned salt; 1/2 teaspoon dried thyme; 1 teaspoon ground mustard; 1 teaspoon celery salt; 1/2 teaspoon black pepper; 1/2 teaspoon Neelys BBQ dry rub seasoning, recipe follows; 1/2 lemon, juiced, plus lemon wedges, for garnish; 1/4 cup Neely's BBQ sauce, recipe follows; Cocktail Sauce, recipe follows; 1 1/2 cups paprika; 3/4 cup sugar; 3 3/4 tablespoons onion powder; 2 cups ketchup | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Rinse shrimp thoroughly in cold water and place in large bowl. Mix cloves, seasoned salt, thyme, mustard, celery salt, pepper, and Neelys seasoning in a small bowl. Sprinkle shrimp with the seasoning mixture and toss. Add lemon juice and the BBQ sauce and mix thoroughly. Cover and let marinate for 20 minutes. Preheat grill to a medium heat. Place shrimp on grill, directly over heat. Cook for 1 1/2 to 2 minutes per side and fully cooked. Serve with cocktail sauce and garnish with lemon wedges. Add all ingredients to a bowl and stir until combined. Keep in an airti <END>
INPUT: ragu, polenta, virgin olive oil, butter, turkey, poultry seasoning, Salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Turkey Ragu with Polenta | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 4 tablespoons butter; 2 pounds ground turkey; 2 teaspoons poultry seasoning; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 sprigs rosemary, finely chopped; 2 large cloves garlic, finely chopped; 1 onion, finely chopped; 1/2 cup store-bought shredded carrot or 1 small carrot, finely chopped; 2 ribs celery from the heart with leafy greens, finely chopped; 1 fresh bay leaf; 1/4 cup tomato paste; 1/2 cup red wine; 4 cups turkey stock or chicken stock; 1 (28-ounce can) San Marzano tomatoes | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. In a heavy deep skillet heat oil and 2 tablespoons butter over medium-high to high heat, add meat, season with poultry seasoning, salt and pepper, brown the meat and crumble, 7 to 8 minutes. Add rosemary, garlic, onions, carrots, celery, bay leaf and cook to soften 7 to 8 minutes more. Stir in tomato paste 1 minute then red wine, stir a minute more, add 1 1/2 to 2 cups stock and tomatoes and break up tomatoes with a spoon. Adjust seasonings, reduce 12 to 15 minutes and serve over polenta. While sauce cooks bring remaining stock and milk up to a boil and whisk in  <END>
INPUT: Mexican, charred, salsa, plum tomatoes, slice onion, garlic, serrano chiles seeds, coriander leaves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Charred Tomato Mint Salsa | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 3 plum tomatoes; a 1/2-inch-thick slice medium white onion; 1 garlic clove, unpeeled; 2 serrano chiles* with seeds, chopped (wear rubber gloves); 12 fresh coriander leaves, chopped coarse; 3 large fresh mint leaves, chopped fine; 1/4 teaspoon ground cumin; 1/4 cup water; 1/8 teaspoon coarse salt, or to taste; available at Mexican markets and some specialty produce markets | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat a dry "comal" or flat iron griddle over moderately low heat until hot and pan-roast tomatoes, onion, and garlic, turning them occasionally to ensure even roasting, until brown and soft throughout, about 15 minutes. Discard tomato stems and garlic skin. Chop tomatoes, onion and garlic coarse and in a bowl stir together with remaining ingredients. (Salsa should be chunky.) Salsa may be made 2 days ahead and chilled, covered. Heat a dry "comal" or flat iron griddle over moderately low heat until hot and pan-roast tomatoes, onion, and garlic, turning them occasionally to ensure even roasting, <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, salad, Kosher salt, slender beans, feta cheese crumbles, cherry tomatoes, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Green Bean Salad | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: Kosher salt; 1 pound slender green beans, ends trimmed; 1 cup feta cheese crumbles; 1 cup cherry tomatoes, sliced in half; 2 tablespoons chopped red onion; 1/2 cup slivered almonds; 3 tablespoons olive oil; 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh basil; 1 large clove garlic, minced; Freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Boil a large pot of salted water. Add the green beans and cook until tender crisp, 1 to 2 minutes. Use a spider to remove to a bowl of ice water. Drain well, pat dry and place the beans in a large bowl. Combine with the feta cheese, tomatoes and red onions. Toast the almonds in a small skillet, 2 to 3 minutes. Remove to a plate. Whisk together the olive oil, red wine vinegar, basil, garlic and some salt and pepper. Pour the dressing over the green beans and sprinkle with the toasted almonds. Let marinate in the refrigerator for 1 hour before serving. <END>
INPUT: Italian, sauce, pasta dough spinach, virgin olive oil, onion, squash, lemon zest
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fettuccine with Yellow Squash and Parmesan-Lemon Cream Sauce | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 recipe fresh pasta dough with spinach puree, cut into fettuccine, recipe follows, or 8 ounces dried fettuccine; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1 medium white onion, diced; 1 medium yellow squash, diced; 2 teaspoons fresh grated lemon zest; 1/4 cup white wine; 3/4 cup chicken stock or broth; 1/3 cup heavy cream; 2 1/2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 1 cup finely grated Parmesan cheese, plus Parmesan curls or more grated cheese, for garnish; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; Fresh Pasta Dough; 2 cups flour; 3 eggs; 1/2 teaspoon salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil over high heat, and cook the fresh fettuccine pasta until just tender, about 3 to 5 minutes. Drain the pasta, reserving 1/2 cup of the cooking liquid. Return the pasta to the pot. Heat the olive oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Add the onion and season with salt, and pepper. Add the yellow squash and saute until almost tender. Add the lemon zest and continue cooking for 1 more minute. Add the white wine, and scrape up the pan releasing any dry bits on the bottom. Add the chicken stock, heavy cream, lemon juice, and reserved cooking liqui <END>
INPUT: breads, all purpose flour, double acting baking, baking soda, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Peanut Butter Chocolate Chip Breads | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 cups all-purpose flour; 1 1/2 teaspoons double-acting baking powder; 1 teaspoon baking soda; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 3/4 stick (6 tablespoons) unsalted butter, softened; 1 1/2 cups chunk-style peanut butter; 1 cup firmly packed light brown sugar; 2 large eggs; 1 1/4 cups buttermilk; 1 1/2 cups miniature chocolate chips | INSTRUCTIONS: Into a bowl sift together the flour, the baking powder, the baking soda, and the salt. In a large bowl with an electric mixer cream together the butter, the peanut butter, and the brown sugar and beat in the eggs, 1 at a time. Beat in the buttermilk and beat the mixture until it is combined well. Add the flour mixture, beat the batter until it is just combined, and stir in the chocolate chips. Divide the batter among 5 buttered and floured loaf pans, each 5 3/4 by 3 1/4 by 2 inches, and bake the breads in the middle of a preheated 350°F. oven for 40 to 45 minutes, or until a tester comes out c <END>
INPUT: Asian, duck legs, Duck fat, star anise, orange juice, granulated sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Orange-Anise Glazed Duck | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 6 duck legs; Duck fat, enough to cover legs; 8 whole star anise; 4 cups orange juice; 3 cups granulated sugar; 1 1/2 cups rice wine vinegar; 1/2 cup soy sauce; 2 tablespoons minced ginger; 8 whole star anise | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. For the duck: Preheat the oven to 250 degrees F. Place the duck legs in a 9-by-13-inch baking pan, cover the legs with duck fat and add the star anise. Cover the baking pan with foil. Cook until the meat is able to pull away from the bone but also stays intact, 4 hours. To serve, place the duck skin-side down on a griddle or sautee pan over medium heat for until the skin is crispy and golden, 4 to 5 minutes. For the glaze: While the duck is in the oven, prepare the sauce. In a medium saucepan, mix the orange juice, sugar, vinegar, soy sauce, ginger and star anise <END>
INPUT: delight, kale, cherries, unsweetened cocoa powder, granulated sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cocoa Delight | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup roughly chopped kale; 1 cup frozen pitted black cherries; 2 tablespoons unsweetened cocoa powder, plus 1 teaspoon for sprinkling; 2 tablespoons granulated sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: Place all the ingredients in a blender and blend until smooth. Pour into a glass and sprinkle with the cocoa powder. Serve immediately. Place all the ingredients in a blender and blend until smooth. Pour into a glass and sprinkle with the cocoa powder. Serve immediately. <END>
INPUT: Asian, heart romaine, garlic, ginger, coarse Korean hot, Asian sesame oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Korean-Style Romaine | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1 heart of romaine; 1 teaspoon chopped garlic; 1/2 teaspoon grated peeled ginger; 1/4 teaspoon coarse Korean hot red-pepper flakes; 1 tablespoon Asian sesame oil; 1 tablespoon soy sauce; 2 teaspoons water; 1 teaspoon sesame seeds, toasted and crushed with side of a heavy knife | INSTRUCTIONS: Cut romaine crosswise into 2-inch pieces and put in a bowl. Cook garlic, ginger, and red-pepper flakes in sesame oil in a small heavy skillet over medium-low heat, stirring, until garlic begins to sizzle, about 30 seconds. Stir in soy sauce and water and bring to a boil. Pour hot dressing over romaine and toss to coat. Sprinkle with sesame seeds. Marinate, stirring occasionally, at least 30 minutes. Cut romaine crosswise into 2-inch pieces and put in a bowl. Cook garlic, ginger, and red-pepper flakes in sesame oil in a small heavy skillet over medium-low heat, stirring, until garlic begins to  <END>
INPUT: cacciatore, all purpose flour, Italian seasoning, Salt pepper, Chicken legs thighs, canola oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Round 2 Recipe: Chicken Cacciatore | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup all-purpose flour; 2 teaspoons Italian seasoning, divided; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; Chicken legs and thighs reserved from Chicken Pot Pies recipe; 1/4 cup canola oil; 1 cup sliced mushrooms; 1 green bell pepper, large dice; 2 cups soup reserved from Tomato Soup recipe; 1/2 cup chicken broth, reserved from Chicken Pot Pies recipe; 1 tablespoon freshly chopped parsley leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large bowl or resealable plasic bag, add the flour, 1 teaspoon Italian seasoning and salt and pepper, to taste. Combine well, then add the chicken and toss to coat. In a large high-sided skillet with a lid, heat the canola oil over medium-high heat. Shake off excess flour from the chicken and fry in the oil until golden brown on all sides, about 5 minutes. Remove the chicken to a plate and reserve. To the pan, add the mushrooms and bell pepper and cook for 2 minutes, until slightly softened. Add the remaining 1 teaspoon of Italian seasoning, the tomato soup, and the chicken broth. Bring t <END>
INPUT: kabobs, swordfish into cubes, lemon, lime, orange, olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Swordfish Kabobs | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 pounds of swordfish cut into 1-inch cubes; 1 lemon, zested; 1 lime, zested; 1 orange, zested; 2 ounces olive oil; 1 tablespoon ground coriander; 2 tablespoons chopped flat leaf parsley; 1 teaspoon kosher salt; 3 Hungarian hot peppers; 1 red onion; 12 cherry tomatoes | INSTRUCTIONS: Place swordfish in a non-reactive container. Whisk together zest, olive oil, coriander, herbs and salt. Pour marinade over swordfish and let marinate in refrigerator for 8 hours. Cut peppers and onions into 1-inch squares. Skewer your ingredients rotating them 1 at time, first the swordfish, then a pepper square, followed by a chunk of onion, and a cherry tomato. Brush with marinade and grill for about 2 minutes on each side. <END>
INPUT: sauce, butter, plum tomatoes, dill fronds
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tomato Butter Dill Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons butter; 4 plum tomatoes, seeded and finely chopped; 2 tablespoons minced dill fronds | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat butter until golden, saute tomatoes just to warm; add dill off heat, season with salt and pepper. To assemble hot meal: Place a bed of rice on a plate; top with salmon steak and spoon any steaming juices over salmon. Garnish with warm tomato sauce. <END>
INPUT: Asian, vegetable, sushi rice, water, mirin, nori, wasabi powder
OUTPUT: TITLE: Vegetable Sushi | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/4 pounds sushi rice (2 3/4 cups); 3 cups water; 1/4 cup mirin, plus additional for moistening nori; 5 sheets nori (1 package); 4 teaspoons wasabi powder, mixed with 2 teaspoons water; 1/2 cup small-diced red onion; 1 carrot, julienned; 1 red bell pepper, julienned; 1 yellow bell pepper, julienned; 1 scallion, julienned (green part only); 1 hothouse cucumber, seeded and julienned; 1 (10-ounce) jar pickled ginger; 1/2 teaspoon wasabi powder; 1/4 teaspoon water; 1/2 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes | INSTRUCTIONS: Place the rice in a strainer and rinse under cold running water until the water is fairly clear, about 5 minutes. Shake the water out and allow the rice to dry in the strainer for 15 minutes. Put the rice in a pot with exactly 3 cups of water and cook covered over high heat until it starts to foam, about 5 minutes. Reduce the heat to low and cook until tender, about 15 minutes. Turn off the heat and sprinkle with 1/4 cup mirin. Replace the lid and allow the rice to steam for 15 minutes. Place in a bowl and cool to room temperature. To prepare the sushi, place a bamboo sushi roller flat on a ta <END>
INPUT: oven, Jerusalem artichokes, olive oil, Salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Oven-Roasted Jerusalem Artichokes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound/450 g Jerusalem artichokes; 3 tablespoons olive oil; Salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven at 350 degrees F. Cut the artichokes in half. In a bowl, mix everything together. Put on a baking tray, flesh-side down and bake in the oven for 45 minutes or until caramelized and tender. <END>
INPUT: Italian, barbecue, spaghetti, paprika, granulated sugar, onion powder, ketchup, light sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Barbecue Spaghetti | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup paprika; 1/4 cup granulated sugar; 1 teaspoon onion powder; 1 3/4 cups ketchup; 1/2 cup packed light brown sugar; 1/4 cup granulated sugar; Freshly ground pepper; 1 1/2 teaspoons onion powder; 1 1/2 teaspoons mustard powder; 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 2 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce; 1/2 cup apple cider vinegar; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1 medium red or green bell pepper, diced; 1 medium onion, diced | INSTRUCTIONS: Make the seasoning mix: Combine the paprika, sugar and onion powder in a small bowl. Store in an airtight container for up to 6 months. Make the barbecue spaghetti: Combine the ketchup, both sugars, 1 1/2 teaspoons pepper, the onion powder, mustard powder, lemon juice, Worcestershire sauce, cider vinegar, 1/3 cup seasoning mix and 1 cup water in a large pot or Dutch oven. Bring to a boil over high heat, stirring frequently to prevent the sauce from sticking to the pot. Reduce the heat to low and simmer, uncovered, 1 hour. Heat the olive oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Add the bel <END>
INPUT: American, eggs, sugar, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Polka-Dot Pumpkin Pie | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 can (15 ounces) pumpkin puree; 2 eggs, well beaten; 1 cup brown sugar, packed; 1 small can (5 ounces) evaporated milk; Pinch salt; 1 teaspoon allspice; 1/4 teaspoon ground cloves; 1 unbaked 9-inch pie shell; 1/2 cup raisins, chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Mix the pumpkin, eggs, sugar, evaporated milk, salt, and spices together, blending well. Put into the pie shell and scatter the raisins evenly over the top. Bake on the middle rack for 45 minutes. <END>
INPUT: water, cherry juice, bourbon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Bourbon-Cherry Slushie | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup water; 1 (12-ounce) can frozen orange juice concentrate, thawed; 1 (12-ounce) can frozen lemonade concentrate, thawed; 1 cup cherry juice; 2 cups bourbon; Ice cubes; Lemon and orange slices; Sprigs fresh mint | INSTRUCTIONS: Stir together the water, orange and lemon juice concentrate, cherry juice and bourbon in a large bowl or pitcher. Cover and place in the refrigerator until very cold, at least 2 hours. Place some of the mixture into a blender with ice and blend until slushie. Pour into large margarita glasses, garnish with lemon or orange slices and sprig of mint. Repeat with remaining mixture <END>
INPUT: raisin, slaw, mayonnaise, lemon juice, shallot, Kosher salt pepper, carrots
OUTPUT: TITLE: Carrot, Grape and Raisin Slaw | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup mayonnaise; 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 1 1/2 teaspoons finely chopped shallot; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 pound carrots; 1 cup seedless red grapes, sliced; 1/2 cup flat-leaf parsley leaves, roughly chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: Whisk together mayonnaise, lemon juice, shallot, 1 teaspoon kosher salt and 1/4 teaspoon pepper in a large bowl. Grate carrots in a food processor fitted with a large grating attachment. Add carrots to the dressing along with the grapes and parsley tossing to coat evenly. Serve. <END>
INPUT: Indian, tagine, preserved, olive oil, coriander, cumin, sweet paprika, cinnamon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken Tagine with Preserved Lemon and Olives | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup plus 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1 teaspoon coriander; 1 teaspoon cumin; 1 teaspoon sweet paprika; 1/2 teaspoon cinnamon; 1/2 teaspoon saffron threads or powder; 1/4 teaspoon ground cloves; 1/4 teaspoon ground ginger; 1/4 teaspoon red pepper flakes; One 4-pound chicken, cut into 8 pieces; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 onions, thinly sliced; 1 clove garlic, minced; 1 1/2 cups chicken stock; 1/2 cup green olives, pitted | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large bowl, combine 1/4 cup olive oil, the coriander, cumin, paprika, cinnamon, saffron, cloves, ginger and red pepper flakes. Sprinkle the chicken with salt and pepper and place in the marinade. Stir until the marinade covers each piece. Refrigerate for 2 hours and up to overnight. Remove the chicken from the marinade and pat dry; reserve the marinade. Heat the remaining 2 tablespoons olive oil in a tagine or a large Dutch oven. Place the chicken skin-side down in the pot and brown for 4 to 5 minutes. Turn and brown an additional 3 to 4 minutes. Remove the chicken and reserve on a plate. <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, rolls, feta, walnuts, Aleppo chile flakes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Feta and Walnut Phyllo Rolls | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 5 oz feta, patted dry if wet, then crumbled; 1/4 cup walnuts, toasted and finely chopped; 3/4 teaspoon dried Aleppo chile flakes; 9 (17- by 12-inch) phyllo sheets (preferably spelt phyllo); 1 1/2 sticks (3/4 cup) unsalted butter, melted | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350°F. Blend feta, walnuts, Aleppo flakes, and a pinch of salt in a food processor until a ball begins to form. Form into 27 (1-inch) balls, then roll balls into 2 1/2-inch logs. Leave phyllo sheets stacked and cut lengthwise into thirds, then stack thirds into 1 pile. Cover with plastic wrap and a dampened kitchen towel. Place 1 sheet of phyllo with a short end nearest you on a work surface (keep remaining sheets covered) and brush with butter. Place a feta log in center of phyllo sheet parallel to short end. Fold phyllo in half, enclosing log, and brush with butter. Starting  <END>
INPUT: salad, virgin olive oil, lemon juice, salt, pepper, watercress
OUTPUT: TITLE: Watercress and Avocado Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup extra virgin olive oil; 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 3/4 teaspoon salt; 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 5 large bunches watercress, stems removed, leaves washed and well dried; 2 ripe avocados, halved, seeded, and peeled | INSTRUCTIONS: Whisk together olive oil, lemon juice, salt and pepper in a bowl. Tear watercress into bite-sized pieces and toss with dressing. Divide salad among 6 serving plates. Thinly slice avocado halves into strips lengthwise. Garnish center of each salad with avocado and serve. <END>
INPUT: Vegetable oil, Granny Smith apples, Two bags soft, chocolate chips, semisweet chocolate chips
OUTPUT: TITLE: White Chocolate Caramel Apples | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Vegetable oil cooking spray; 6 small Granny Smith apples, washed and scrubbed (see Cook's Note); Two 11-ounce bags soft caramel candies (about 80 caramels); One 11-ounce bag white chocolate chips; 1 cup semisweet chocolate chips | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Special equipment: 6 wooden lollipop sticks, a piping bag with a small round tip Spray a baking sheet with vegetable spray. Dry the apples well and insert a lollipop stick into the stem end of each apple. Combine the caramels and 1/4 cup water in a medium saucepan. Cook over medium heat, stirring constantly with a wooden spoon or spatula, until the caramel is melted and smooth. Holding them by the lollipop sticks, dip the apples in the caramel and roll them around to coat evenly. Lightly shake off excess caramel and set the apples stick-end up on the prepared bak <END>
INPUT: Italian, garlic, hot pepper flakes, olive oil, plum tomatoes, water
OUTPUT: TITLE: Squash Blossoms Stuffed With Ricotta | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 garlic clove, minced; 1/4 teaspoon hot red pepper flakes; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1 1/2 pound plum tomatoes, finely chopped; 1/2 cup water; 1/2 teaspoon sugar; 1 cup whole-milk ricotta (preferably fresh); 1 large egg yolk; 1/4 cup finely chopped mint; 2/3 cup grated Parmigiano-Reggiano, divided; 12 to 16 large zucchini squash blossoms; 1/2 cup plus 1 tablespoon all-purpose flour; 3/4 cup chilled seltzer or club soda; About 3 cups vegetable oil for frying; A deep-fat thermometer | INSTRUCTIONS: Make tomato sauce: Cook garlic and red pepper flakes in oil in a 2-quarts heavy saucepan over medium heat, stirring, until garlic is golden, about 30 seconds. Add tomatoes, water, sugar, and 1/2 teaspoon salt and simmer, uncovered, stirring occasionally, until thickened, 25 to 30 minutes. Cook garlic and red pepper flakes in oil in a 2-quarts heavy saucepan over medium heat, stirring, until garlic is golden, about 30 seconds. Add tomatoes, water, sugar, and 1/2 teaspoon salt and simmer, uncovered, stirring occasionally, until thickened, 25 to 30 minutes. Prepare squash blossoms: Stir together  <END>
INPUT: eggplant, Salt pepper, five spice powder, canola oil, roasted bell pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Stuffed Bok Choy | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup eggplant, 1/2-inch diced with skin removed; Salt and pepper; 1/4 teaspoon five spice powder; 1 tablespoon canola oil; 1 roasted bell pepper, peeled and seeded; 2 cups of cooked angel hair pasta; 1 1/2 cups mayonnaise; 2 scallions, sliced thin (white and green parts); 1/2 teaspoon garlic powder; 1/2 teaspoon onion powder; Bread crumbs, to tighten; Flour, for dusting; Nonstick cooking spray; 6 pieces baby bok choy, split and core removed | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Toss eggplant, a pinch of salt and pepper, oil and five spice powder together. Spread on baking sheet and roast in oven for 15 minutes or until tender. Remove from heat and let cool. Dice roasted red pepper. Combine eggplant and pepper in large mixing bowl with 6 following ingredients. If mixture can not be formed into a cake, add bread crumbs to thicken. Season with salt and pepper. Divide mixture into 12 portions and form oval cakes. Dust each with flour. Warm a nonstick frying pan over medium high heat. Spray pan with cooking spray. Brown cakes on each side an <END>
INPUT: mashed potatoes, egg, all purpose flour, onion, marjoram
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mashed-Potato Pancakes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups mashed potatoes; 1 large egg, beaten lightly; 6 tablespoons all-purpose flour; 1 1/2 tablespoons grated onion; 1/2 teaspoon dried marjoram, crumbled; 1/3 cup chopped turkey liver if desired; vegetable oil for frying the pancakes | INSTRUCTIONS: In a bowl combine well the potatoes and the egg, stir in the flour thoroughly, and stir in the onion, the marjoram, the liver, and salt and pepper to taste. In a large heavy skillet heat 1/8 inch of the oil over moderately high heat until it is hot but not smoking and in it fry heaping tablespoons of the potato mixture, flattening them slightly with the back of the spoon, for 1 minute on each side, or until they are golden brown. Transfer the pancakes as they are cooked to paper towels to drain and if desired keep them warm on a rack set on a baking sheet in a preheated 250°F. Serve the pancak <END>
INPUT: waffles, sifted flour, baking powder, salt, light sugar, allspice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sweet Potato Waffles | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup sifted flour; 2 teaspoons of baking powder; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 2 tablespoons light brown sugar; 1/4 teaspoon allspice; 3 beaten eggs; 2 tablespoons butter; 1 1/2 cups milk; 1/2 cup sweet potatoes, cooked and mashed, or canned | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat your waffle iron, and sift together the dry ingredients. Combine the wet ingredients, the potatoes and the dry ingredients. *Don't over-mix the batter! Pour in enough batter to cover waffle iron. Take out when your waffle iron indicates by the light that your waffle is done! Enjoy! <END>
INPUT: Italian, squared, pasta, Salt pepper, wheat spaghettini, zucchini, virgin olive oil, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spaghettini Squared: Pasta with Olive Oil, Garlic, and Zucchini | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 3/4 pound whole-wheat dried spaghettini; 3/4 pound zucchini; 1/2 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 2 tablespoons minced garlic; 1/2 teaspoon red pepper flakes; 3 tablespoons coarsely chopped fresh basil leaves; 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh flat-leaf parsley; 1/4 cup Basil Oil, recipe follows; 1/2 cup grated Parmesan, plus a small piece | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Bring a large pot of water to a boil and add salt. Add the pasta and cook until al dente, about 10 minutes. While the water comes to a boil and the pasta cooks, cut the zucchini with the fine French-fry cutter on a mandoline. If you do not have one, cut by hand into the longest, finest julienne you can manage. Season with salt and pepper. If your zucchini is very finely cut, it does not need to be cooked. Otherwise, place in a colander, suspend over the pasta pot, cover the pot, and steam the zucchini until still slightly crunchy, about 2 minutes. Heat 1/4 cup of <END>
INPUT: cranberry, bread soda, salt, rosemary
OUTPUT: TITLE: Rosemary and Cranberry Soda Bread | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 450g (1lb) plain flour, plus extra for dusting; 1 tsp bread soda; 1 tsp salt; 100g (4oz) dried cranberries; 4 fresh rosemary sprigs, leaves stripped and finely chopped; 350ml (12fl oz) buttermilk, plus a little extra if necessary; butter, to serve | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 220°C (425°F/gas mark 7). Sift the flour, bread soda and salt into a bowl. Stir the cranberries and rosemary through and make a well in the centre. Add the buttermilk and using a large spoon, mix gently and quickly until you have achieved a nice soft dough. Add a little bit more buttermilk if necessary, until the dough binds together without being sloppy. Knead the dough very lightly on a lightly floured surface and then shape into a round that is roughly 15cm (6in) in size. Place on a non-stick baking sheet and cut a deep cross in the top. Bake for 15 minutes, then reduce  <END>
INPUT: Italian, saladand, grain farfalle, olive oil, wine vinegar lemon, soy sauce
OUTPUT: TITLE: Kellogg's Crispix Chicken and Pasta Saladand#153; | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 8 ounces boneless, skinless chicken breasts; 1 cup whole grain farfalle (bowtie) pasta; 1/3 cup olive oil; 2 tablespoons white wine vinegar or lemon juice; 1 teaspoon soy sauce; 8 cherry tomatoes, halved; 1/2 cup raw cashews, coarsely chopped and toasted; 2 green onions, thinly sliced; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro or parsley; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 1/8 teaspoon pepper; 2 cups Kellogg's® Crispix® cereal | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. In large skillet combine chicken and enough water to cover. Bring to boiling. Reduce heat. Cover and simmer for 7 to 12 minutes or until chicken is tender and no longer pink. Drain well. Cool slightly. Cut into bite-size pieces. Cover and refrigerate until needed. Cook pasta until al dente according to package directions. Drain. Rinse with cold water. Drain well. Pat dry with paper towels. Set aside. 2. In large bowl whisk together oil, vinegar and soy sauce. Stir in tomatoes, cashews, green onions and cilantro. Add chicken, pasta, salt and pepper. Toss to combine. 3. Just before serving, a <END>
INPUT: buttered, Savoy cabbage, butter, salt pepper, an knob butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Buttered Cabbage | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 lb fresh Savoy cabbage; 2 to 4 tablespoons butter; salt and freshly ground pepper; an extra knob of butter | INSTRUCTIONS: Remove all the tough outer leaves from the cabbage. Cut the cabbage into four, remove the stalk and then cut each quarter into fine shreds, working across the grain. Put 2 or 3 tablespoons of water into a wide saucepan, together with the butter and a pinch of salt. Bring to a boil, add the cabbage and toss over a high heat, then cover the saucepan and cook for a few minutes. Toss again and add some salt, freshly ground pepper and the knob of butter. Serve immediately. Remove all the tough outer leaves from the cabbage. Cut the cabbage into four, remove the stalk and then cut each quarter into  <END>
INPUT: picadillo, currants, sherry, butter, garlic, onions
OUTPUT: TITLE: Beef Picadillo | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons currants; 1/2 cup sherry; 2 tablespoons butter; 4 cloves garlic, chopped; 2 medium onions, chopped; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 round tablespoons paprika or smoked sweet paprika; 1 tablespoon chili powder; 1 jar piquillo peppers, drained (about 1 cup); 1 cup tomato sauce; 1/2 cup slivered or sliced almonds, lightly toasted; 4 cups Beef and Tomato Base, recipe follows; Chopped fresh flat-leaf parsley, for garnish; Good-quality ridged potato chips, to serve; 2 to 3 tablespoons canola oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Soak the currants in the sherry. Meanwhile, heat the butter in a Dutch oven or pot over medium heat. Add the garlic and onions, then season with salt and pepper. Sweat until the onions are very tender, then stir in the paprika and chili powder. Stir in the sherry and currants. Puree the peppers with 1 cup water until smooth, then add the pureed peppers to the Dutch oven with the tomato sauce. Stir in the almonds and the Beef and Tomato Base, then bring to a simmer and let the flavors combine a few minutes. Adjust the seasoning and remove from the heat. Cool and store for a make-ahead meal or s <END>
INPUT: American, nachos, Hog Wild Style, Pulled Pork Shoulder, BBQ sauce, Nacho Cheese Queso, your favorite rub
OUTPUT: TITLE: The Original BBQ Nachos | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 pounds Hog Wild Style Flour Tortilla Chips, recipe follows, or corn tortilla chips; 2 pounds Pulled Pork Shoulder, recipe follows; 1 pint BBQ sauce (recommended: Hog Wild Killa Wet Sauce); 1 quart Nacho Cheese/Queso Sauce, recipe follows; 3 tablespoons your favorite dry rub (recommended: Hog Wild Special Dry Sauce); 1 gallon vegetable or canola oil; 2 tablespoons kosher salt; 2 tablespoons your favorite dry rub (recommended: Hog Wild Special Dry Sauce); 24 (10-inch) flour tortillas; One 8-pound Boston butt pork roast; 16 ounces your favorite wash (recommended: Hog Wild Hog Wash); 5 ounces your favorite dry rub (recommended: Hog Wild Special Dry Sauce); 1 pound pasteurized cheese (recommended: Velveeta); 8 ounces shredded Cheddar; 8 ounces shredded Monterey Jack cheese | INSTRUCTIONS: Arrange chips on a large serving platter. Cover with BBQ Pork Shoulder. Top with BBQ sauce and then smother with the Nacho Cheese/Queso Sauce. Sprinkle generously with rub and then serve immediately. Place oil in a deep fryer or in a large, heavy-bottomed Dutch oven. Heat oil to 325 degrees F. Meanwhile, combine salt and dry rub in a small bowl. Cut tortillas into chip-sized triangles. When oil is 325 degrees F, carefully add cut tortillas and deep fry for about 3 minutes, turning at least once until a light golden brown. Remove chips from oil and dust with salt-dry rub mixture. Preheat a char <END>
INPUT: Mexican, hobo, packs, salted, chives, lime zest, lime juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Seared Cod with Potato and Chorizo Hobo Packs | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons chopped salted, roasted pumpkin seeds (pepitas); 1 tablespoon chopped fresh chives; 1/2 teaspoon finely grated lime zest; 1 tablespoon fresh lime juice; 4 tablespoons (1/2 stick) unsalted butter, room temperature; Kosher salt, freshly ground pepper; 1 1/2 pounds fingerling potatoes; 2 ounces dried Spanish chorizo, casings removed, chopped; 2 tablespoons olive oil; Kosher salt, freshly ground pepper; 2 tablespoons vegetable oil; 4 6-ounce skinless cod fillets | INSTRUCTIONS: Pumpkin seed-lime butter: Mix pumpkin seeds, chives, lime zest, and lime juice into butter in a small bowl; season with salt and pepper. Transfer to parchment paper and roll into a log, or scrape into an airtight container; cover and chill. Mix pumpkin seeds, chives, lime zest, and lime juice into butter in a small bowl; season with salt and pepper. Transfer to parchment paper and roll into a log, or scrape into an airtight container; cover and chill. Do Ahead Butter can be made 3 days ahead. Keep chilled. Butter can be made 3 days ahead. Keep chilled. Assembly: Prepare campfire for medium-hig <END>
INPUT: Dijon mustard, Cranberry Mustard Sauce, Salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pork Chops with Cranberry Mustard Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 (6-ounce) bone-in pork loin chops; 4 teaspoons Dijon mustard; 1/4 cup Cranberry Mustard Sauce, recipe follows; Nonstick cooking spray; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 (12-ounce) package fresh or frozen cranberries, about 4 cups; 1 cup water; 1 cup sugar; 1/2 cup chopped pecans; 4 teaspoons Dijon mustard | INSTRUCTIONS: Arrange the pork chops in a single layer in a shallow dish. In a small bowl, add the mustard and cranberry sauce and stir to combine. Brush the mustard mixture evenly over both sides of the chops. Cover and refrigerate for 1 to 12 hours, turning occasionally. Coat a large frying pan over medium heat with nonstick cooking spray. When the pan is hot add the chops. Partially cover and cook for 10 minutes. Uncover, turn the chops over and cook uncovered on the second side until the meat is cooked through but still juicy, 5 to 10 minutes longer. Season with salt and pepper, to taste, and transfer t <END>
INPUT: munster, buns, sugar, unsalted butter, milk, all purpose flour
OUTPUT: TITLE: Ham and Munster Buns with Honey Mustard | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: a 1/4-ounce package (2 1/2 teaspoons) active-dry yeast; 1 tablespoon sugar; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1/2 cup milk; 3 1/2 to 3 3/4 cups all-purpose flour; 2 1/2 teaspoons salt; 1/4 cup Dijon-style mustard plus additional as an accompaniment; 1 tablespoon honey; 2/3 pound grated Münster; 3/4 pound very thinly sliced Black Forest ham or other smoked ham (not boiled); mango chutney as an accompaniment | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large bowl proof the yeast with the sugar in 3/4 cup warm water for 5 minutes, or until the mixture is foamy. In a small saucepan melt the butter, add the milk, and heat the mixture to lukewarm. Add the milk mixture to the yeast mixture with 3 1/2 cups of the flour and the salt. Stir the dough until it forms a ball, turn it out onto a floured surface, and knead it, incorporating as much of the remaining 1/4 cup flour as necessary to prevent the dough from sticking, for 10 minutes, or until it is smooth and elastic. Form the dough into a ball, put it in a buttered large bowl, and turn it t <END>
INPUT: Italian, Salt, spaghetti, virgin olive oil, garlic, pepper flakes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lemon Spaghetti | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: Salt; 1 pound spaghetti; 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, 3 turns of the pan; 4 cloves garlic, finely chopped; 1/2 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes; 2 lemons, zested and juiced; 1/2 to 3/4 cup heavy cream; 1 cup grated Parmigiano Reggiano; Handful flat-leaf parsley, finely chopped; 1/2 cup (10 or 12 leaves) fresh basil, very thinly sliced | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Bring a large pot of water to a boil. Salt the water and drop the spaghetti into the pot. Heat a large deep skillet over low heat. Add extra-virgin olive oil and garlic and crushed red pepper flakes. When the pasta has been cooking about 5 minutes, add lemon juice, a ladle of the cooking water from the pasta and the cream to the garlic and oil. Raise heat a bit to bring sauce to a bubble. Drain pasta when it still has a good bite to it, al dente. Add lemon zest and half of the cheese to the cream sauce. Season the sauce with salt, to taste. Add pasta to pan and t <END>
INPUT: American, platter, formed goat cheese, wheel, piece Gruyere comte, slice country style, cornichon baby gherkin
OUTPUT: TITLE: Ham, Country Pate, and Cheese Platter | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 small pieces of formed goat cheese, fresh or aged, formed in logs or discs, with ash or herb or plain, 3 or 4 ounces each; 1 small wheel, 4 inches, camembert, liverot or Pont L'Eveque cheese, available in specialty cheese case; 1/3 pound piece Gruyere or comte cheese; 1/2 pound slice country style pate; 1 jar cornichon or baby gherkin pickles, drained; Stone ground mustard; 1/2 pound mild cooked ham or prosciutto cotto; 1 package thin bread sticks; 1/2 pound seedless red grapes, broken into small bunches; 1 loaf French baguette, cut into pieces | INSTRUCTIONS: Arrange cheeses and pate on a cutting board or platter. Place cornichons and mustard in ramekins and add to board or platter. Wrap a slice of ham around each of several bread sticks and add to platter. Tuck in grapes among cheese and ham wrapped bread sticks. Add cut bread to the platter, soft cheese spreaders and a cheese knife and serve the board or platter by passing at the table. <END>
INPUT: composed, salad, veal brain, Milk, Water, Kosher salt, Court bouillon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Composed Salad of Veal Brains, Radish, Anchovy and Quail Egg with Butter Vinaigrette | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 fresh veal brain, (recommended: organic and milk-fed); Milk, as needed; Water, needed; Kosher salt; Court bouillon, recipe follows; All-purpose flour, as needed; Cornstarch, as needed; 1 bunch French breakfast radish (about 9 radishes); 6 tablespoons butter; 1 shallot, minced; 1 clove garlic, minced; 1/4 cup white wine; Sprig fresh thyme; 2 tablespoons sherry vinegar; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: For Brains: Be Gentle! Remove all the bone fragments and discolored pieces. Soak the veal brain for 2 days in a combination of lightly salted milk and water. Rinse and poach the brain in court bouillon until slightly firm, about 6 minutes. Shock the brain in ice water and drain. Press the brain in a perforated pan overnight with a weight on top. Cut the brain into 6 even pieces. Coat the brain pieces with a mixture of equal parts flour and cornstarch. Place the coated brain pieces in the refrigerator until ready to fry. For Radishes and Vinaigrette: Cut the radishes in half and braise in the b <END>
INPUT: American, casserole, virgin olive oil, tomato paste, rosemary, garlic, pepper flakes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Green Bean and Tomato Casserole | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 5 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 2 tablespoons tomato paste; 2 teaspoons finely chopped fresh rosemary; 2 cloves garlic, chopped; Pinch of red pepper flakes; 2 pounds green beans, trimmed and halved; 1 14-ounce can cherry tomatoes Kosher salt; 3/4 cup panko breadcrumbs; 1/4 cup grated parmesan cheese; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh parsley; Freshly ground pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Heat 3 tablespoons olive oil in a large pot or Dutch oven over medium-high heat. Add the tomato paste and cook, stirring, until slightly darkened, about 2 minutes. Add the rosemary, garlic and red pepper flakes and cook until the garlic starts browning, about 1 minute. Add the green beans, cherry tomatoes and their liquid, 1 3/4 cups water and 2 teaspoons salt to the pot. Partially cover and cook, stirring occasionally, until the green beans are tender and the liquid is slightly thickened, 20 to 25 minutes. Transfer to a 3-quart baking dish. Mix the panko, pa <END>
INPUT: salad, bacon, hard boiled eggs, mayonnaise, chives, stone mustard
OUTPUT: TITLE: Bacon and Egg Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 slices bacon; 6 hard-boiled large eggs, peeled and chopped; 1/4 cup mayonnaise; 1 tablespoon minced fresh chives; 1 tablespoon stone-ground mustard; 1 lemon, juiced; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 ripe avocado, sliced, optional; 1 Roma tomato, sliced, optional; 4 croissants, lightly toasted, optional | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. To cook the bacon using the "Mauro Method," line a baking sheet with parchment, overlapping each side 1 to 2 inches. Put the bacon on the parchment and bake until crisp and brown, about 20 minutes. This way, the fat will fry the bacon to a perfect crisp but not come in contact with the metal pan, creating a mess. Drain the bacon on paper towels and let cool. (Once the fat is cooled, use or just toss it. No mess!) Crumble the bacon into a bowl. Gently mix in the eggs, mayonnaise, chives, mustard and lemon juice. Season with salt  <END>
INPUT: Italian, omelets, unsalted butter, eggs, Kosher salt, ricotta, Parmesan
OUTPUT: TITLE: Ricotta Omelets | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, divided; 4 large eggs, beaten to blend, divided; Kosher salt, freshly ground pepper; 4 tablespoons ricotta, divided; 2 tablespoons grated Parmesan, divided; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh basil, divided; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh chives, divided; Cherry Tomato Vinaigrette (for serving) | INSTRUCTIONS: Melt 1 tablespoon butter in an 8" nonstick skillet over medium heat. Season eggs with salt and pepper. Add half of eggs to skillet. Cook eggs, stirring gently with a heatproof silicone spatula, until eggs are lightly scrambled and almost cooked, about 3 minutes. Spread eggs evenly to cover bottom of skillet. Top eggs with half of ricotta, Parmesan, basil, and chives. Using spatula, fold up one-third of omelet. Roll omelet over onto itself, then slide omelet onto a plate. Repeat with remaining ingredients to make a second omelet. Top with Cherry Tomato Vinaigrette. Melt 1 tablespoon butter in a <END>
INPUT: American, salad, Boston lettuce, Pear Vinaigrette, bleu cheese, pecans, Poached Pears
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fresh Poached Pear, Toasted Pecan and Bleu Cheese Salad with Pear Vinaigrette | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 head Boston lettuce; 3/4 cup Pear Vinaigrette, recipe follows; 4 ounces bleu cheese, crumbled; 1/2 cup pecans, lightly toasted; 2 Poached Pears, recipe follows, halved and cored; 4 Bosc pears; 1 cup white wine; 2 cups water; 2 tablespoons sugar; 1/2 vanilla bean, split; 2 whole star anise; 1 lemon peel; 1 orange peel; 1 small cinnamon stick; 2 poached pears, recipe above, pureed | INSTRUCTIONS: To assemble salad, wash lettuce well and drain until very dry. Toss leaves in the Pear Vinaigrette in a salad bowl. Add the bleu cheese and pecans. Place a mound of lettuce on each of 4 plates. Serve with 1/2 a Poached Pear. Peel pears, leaving stems intact and trimming bottom to "seat" them firmly in bottom of large stockpot. Into the stockpot, add the wine, water, sugar, vanilla bean, star anise, lemon and orange peels, and cinnamon stick and bring to a boil over high heat. Reduce heat and simmer for 20 to 25 minutes. Remove from stove and let cool to room temperature before refrigerating. R <END>
INPUT: bars, water, Scant sugar, lemon juice, rolled oats
OUTPUT: TITLE: Date Bars | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 1/2 cups (1 pound) pitted and chopped dates; 1 cup water; Scant 1 cup sugar; 1/3 cup lemon juice; 3 cups rolled oats; 2 1/2 cups all-purpose flour; 1 3/4 cups brown sugar; 3/4 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 3/4 teaspoon baking soda; 3/4 teaspoon salt; 1 3/4 cups unsalted butter, melted | INSTRUCTIONS: In a medium saucepan, combine the chopped dates and water. Over medium low heat, bring to a simmer and cook for 5 minutes. Add the sugar and lemon juice and stir until the sugar has dissolved. Bring back up to a boil and cook for 1 minute. Remove from the heat and allow to cool to room temperature. Thoroughly butter a 9 x 13 inch baking pan with 2 inch sides and line the base of it with parchment paper. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees. In a large mixing bowl, combine the oats, flour, brown sugar, cinnamon, baking soda, and salt. Mix together well with a wooden spoon, then drizzle in the melted <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, skewers, olive oil, wine vinegar, thyme leaves, rosemary leaves, pepper flakes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Halloumi Skewers | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup olive oil; 2 tablespoons white wine vinegar; 1 teaspoon fresh finely chopped thyme leaves; 1 teaspoon fresh finely chopped rosemary leaves; 1/4 teaspoon red pepper flakes; 2 tablespoons finely chopped pitted mixed olives; Salt and fresh ground black pepper; 1/2 pound halloumi cheese, drained and cut into 1-inch cubes, about 16 pieces; 1/3 pound small new potatoes, cut in quarters and boiled until tender | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. In a large bowl whisk together olive oil, vinegar, herbs, red pepper flakes, and olives and season with salt and pepper, to tastes. Add the cheese and potatoes and toss until completely coated. Cover and put in the refrigerator to marinate for 1 to 2 hours. Preheat a grill or grill pan over medium-high heat. Soak wooden skewers in water to prevent them from burning. Skewer 1 piece of cheese then a potato followed by another piece of cheese on each skewer. Put the skewers on a well oiled grill and cook for 3 to 4 minutes per side. Remove the skewers from the grill <END>
INPUT: American, gratin, streusel, onion, garlic, mustard, Dijon mustard
OUTPUT: TITLE: Broccoli Gratin with Mustard-Cheese Streusel | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 4 tablespoons (1/2 stick) butter; 1/3 cup minced onion; 2 large garlic cloves, minced; 1/2 teaspoon dry mustard; 4 tablespoons Dijon mustard; 2 1/2 cups fresh breadcrumbs made from crustless sourdough bread; 1 cup (packed) grated Parmesan cheese (about 3 ounces); 12 to 13 cups broccoli florets (from about 3 pounds broccoli crowns); 1/2 cup whipping cream | INSTRUCTIONS: Melt butter in large nonstick skillet over medium-high heat. Add onion and garlic; sauté until onion is soft, about 4 minutes. Mix in dry mustard, then 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard, blending well. Add breadcrumbs; sauté until crumbs are crisp and golden, stirring and pressing with back of fork to separate, about 8 minutes. Season with salt and pepper; cool completely. Mix in 3/4 cup cheese. Cook broccoli florets in large pot of boiling generously salted water until crisp-tender, about 3 minutes. Drain. Transfer to paper towels; cool. (Streusel and broccoli can be made 1 day ahead. Cover separat <END>
INPUT: Italian, crusted, eggs, Italian style bread, Parmesan, Salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Parmesan-Crusted Pork Chops | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 2 large eggs; 1 cup dried Italian-style bread crumbs; 3/4 cups freshly grated Parmesan; 4 (1/2 to 3/4-inch thick) center-cut pork loin chops (each about 10 to 12 ounces); Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 6 tablespoons olive oil; Lemon wedges, for serving | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Whisk the eggs in a pie plate to blend. Place the bread crumbs in another pie plate. Place the cheese in a third pie plate. Sprinkle the pork chops generously with salt and pepper. Coat the chops completely with the cheese, patting to adhere. Dip the chops into the eggs, then coat completely with the bread crumbs, patting to adhere. Heat 3 tablespoons of oil in a very large skillet over medium heat. Add pork chops, in batches if necessary, and cook until golden brown and the center reaches 150 degrees, about 6 minutes per side. Transfer the chops to plates and se <END>
INPUT: leeks, unsalted butter, carrots, water, wine vinegar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Carrots and Leeks | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 medium leeks (white and pale green parts only); 3 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1 lb carrots, cut diagonally into 1 1/4-inch pieces; 1 1/4 cups water; 1/2 cup red-wine vinegar | INSTRUCTIONS: Halve leeks lengthwise, then cut crosswise into 1-inch pieces and wash Sauté leeks in butter with 1 teaspoon salt and 1/2 teaspoon pepper in a 12-inch heavy skillet over medium-high heat until softened, 5 to 6 minutes. Stir in carrots, water, and vinegar. Cook, covered, over medium-high heat until carrots are tender, 20 to 25 minutes. Boil, uncovered, until liquid has evaporated, 3 to 5 minutes. Halve leeks lengthwise, then cut crosswise into 1-inch pieces and wash Sauté leeks in butter with 1 teaspoon salt and 1/2 teaspoon pepper in a 12-inch heavy skillet over medium-high heat until softened <END>
INPUT: olive oil, garlic, fleshed potatoes Yukon, kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Garlic Roasted Potatoes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons olive oil; 1 tablespoon minced garlic; 4 1/2 lb large yellow-fleshed potatoes such as Yukon Gold; 1 teaspoon kosher salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 375°F. Stir together oil and garlic in a large bowl. Peel potatoes and diagonally cut crosswise into 1/2-inch-thick slices, discarding ends. Toss slices with garlic oil, then arrange in 1 layer in a large shallow baking pan (1 inch deep) and sprinkle with kosher salt. Roast potatoes in lower third of oven until undersides are golden brown and crisp, about 1 hour. Turn potatoes over with a metal spatula and roast until tender, about 15 minutes more. Season potatoes with salt and transfer, crusted sides up, to a platter. Preheat oven to 375°F. Stir together oil and garlic in a la <END>
INPUT: bread, milk, sour cream, dill, unsalted butter, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Dill Bread | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups milk; 1/3 cup sour cream; 1/4 cup minced fresh dill; 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, plus more for the pan; 2 tablespoons sugar; One 1/4-ounce package active dry yeast; 5 cups all-purpose flour; 1 tablespoon fine salt; Vegetable oil, as needed | INSTRUCTIONS: In a small saucepan, combine the milk, sour cream, dill, butter, and sugar. Place over medium-high heat and cook, stirring, until the butter melts. Remove from the heat and cool to about 110 degrees F. Sprinkle the yeast over the surface of the milk. Set aside until foamy, about 10 minutes. Meanwhile, in large bowl, whisk together the flour and salt. Set aside. Pour the yeast mixture into the bowl of flour and mix until a soft, ragged mixture is formed. Transfer the flour mixture to a well-floured work surface and knead by hand until an elastic dough is formed, about 10 minutes. Transfer the d <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, bowl, millet, Kosher salt, olive oil, merguez chorizo sausage, Greek yogurt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Millet Bowl with Stuffed Grape Leaves and Yogurt-Hummus Sauce | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup millet, rinsed; Kosher salt; 2 tablespoons plus 1 teaspoon olive oil; 1 pound merguez or fresh chorizo sausage, casings removed; 1/3 cup Greek yogurt; 1/3 cup hummus; Juice of 1/2 lemon, plus remaining half, quartered; A few dashes of hot sauce; 1 medium ripe tomato, finely chopped; 1/2 small green bell pepper, seeded and finely chopped; 1/2 cup fresh parsley leaves, finely chopped; 1/2 cup sliced pickled beets; 4 stuffed grape leaves, sliced into coins; 1 Kirby cucumber, sliced into thin rounds; 1/2 cup crispy french-fried onions | INSTRUCTIONS: Make the millet: Bring 2 1/4 cups water to a boil in a medium saucepan over medium-high heat. Add the millet and 1 teaspoon salt. Stir, cover and reduce heat to medium-low. Cook the millet until it's tender and all the water has been absorbed, about 20 minutes. Remove the pan from the heat, and let sit, covered, for 15 minutes. Add 2 tablespoons of the oil, and fluff the millet with a fork. Serve warm or at room temperature. (The millet can be made and refrigerated, covered, up to 2 days ahead. Microwave just enough to take the chill off, about 2 minutes, stirring about halfway through.) Cook  <END>
INPUT: berry, wich, wheat bread Banana, natural peanut butter, Neufchâtel, strawberries, honey
OUTPUT: TITLE: Peanut Butter Berry–Wich | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 slices whole-wheat bread or Banana Bread; 1 tablespoon natural peanut butter; 1 tablespoon softened Neufchâtel (reduced-fat) cream cheese; 2 medium strawberries, hulled and sliced; 1 teaspoon honey | INSTRUCTIONS: Lay the bread slices on a work surface. Spread the peanut butter on one slice and the cream cheese on the other. Arrange strawberry slices in an even single layer on top of the peanut butter. Drizzle the honey on the berries and then place the other slice of bread with the cream cheese on top. Cut into halves or quarters. Lay the bread slices on a work surface. Spread the peanut butter on one slice and the cream cheese on the other. Arrange strawberry slices in an even single layer on top of the peanut butter. Drizzle the honey on the berries and then place the other slice of bread with the cr <END>
INPUT: spiced, Chinese five spice, cayenne, crumbled thyme, walnuts
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spiced Walnuts | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 stick (6 tablespoons) unsalted butter; 1 1/2 teaspoons Chinese five-spice powder; 1/4 teaspoon cayenne, or to taste; 2 1/4 teaspoons crumbled dried thyme; 6 cups walnuts | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350°F. In a large heavy saucepan melt the butter with the five-spice powder, the cayenne, the thyme, and salt to taste, stirring, add the walnuts, and toss them to coat them well. Bake the walnuts in batches in a shallow baking pan in the middle of the oven for 10 minutes and let them cool until they are warm. Preheat the oven to 350°F. In a large heavy saucepan melt the butter with the five-spice powder, the cayenne, the thyme, and salt to taste, stirring, add the walnuts, and toss them to coat them well. Bake the walnuts in batches in a shallow baking pan in the middle of <END>
INPUT: American, casserole, beef, onion, bell pepper, Two pork beans
OUTPUT: TITLE: Baked Bean Casserole | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: Cooking spray; 1 1/2 pounds lean ground beef; 1 small onion, finely chopped; 1 bell pepper, cored, seeded, and finely chopped; Two 16-ounce cans pork and beans; 1/2 cup barbecue sauce; 1/2 cup ketchup; 2 tablespoons spicy brown mustard; 2 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce; 1 tablespoon soy sauce; 4 tablespoons brown sugar; 6 to 8 slices bacon, cut into pieces and cooked | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Spray a 9- by 13- by 2-inch casserole dish with cooking spray. In a large saucepan, brown the ground beef, onions and bell peppers. Add the pork and beans, barbecue sauce, ketchup, mustard, Worcestershire sauce, soy sauce and brown sugar to the mixture. Simmer for 5 minutes. Transfer the mixture to the prepared casserole dish. Sprinkle the bacon over the top of the casserole. Cover the dish with aluminum foil and bake for 45 minutes. Remove the foil and continue to bake for an additional 10 minutes. Let the casserole stand for 1 <END>
INPUT: American, hibachi, canola oil, carrot, zucchini, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Hibachi Steak | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons canola oil; 1 large carrot, thinly sliced; 1 zucchini, thinly sliced; 1 medium onion, thinly sliced; 1 (8-ounce) package sliced mushrooms; 1 1/2 pounds top round steak; 1 pound egg roll wrappers; 1/2 cup reduced sodium soy sauce; 2 tablespoons cider vinegar; 2 teaspoons chopped garlic; 1 teaspoon cornstarch; 2 tablespoons butter | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Put a large skillet over medium-high heat and add half of the oil. When the oil is hot, add the vegetables and stir-fry until the vegetables are almost done, about 5 minutes. While the vegetables are cooking, heat a second skillet over high heat and add the remaining oil. Cut the steak into small cubes, and stir-fry until browned on all sides, about 4 to 5 minutes. Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil over medium heat. Separate the egg roll wrappers into 2 piles. Roll each pile up into a log. Slice the log into thin strips about 1/4-inch thick and separate <END>
INPUT: finger, sandwiches, cakes, Semisweet chocolate, strawberries, Strawberry cream cheese, Blueberry cream cheese
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pound Cake Finger Sandwiches | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 pound cakes; Semisweet chocolate, melted; 1 pint strawberries; Strawberry cream cheese; Blueberry cream cheese; Macadamia nuts, toasted and chopped; Cinnamon and sugar spread; 1 (8-ounce) jar chocolate hazelnut spread; Strawberry Cream Cheese:; 8 ounces cream cheese; 1/4 cup strawberry preserves; Blueberry Cream Cheese:; 1/4 cup blueberries; Sugar, to taste; Cinnamon and Sugar Spread: | INSTRUCTIONS: Strawberry Cream Cheese: In the bowl of a food processor, combine cream cheese and preserves. Blend until combined. Taste for flavor adding more preserves if necessary. The cream cheese should be pink. Set aside and bring to room temperature for easy spreading. Blueberry Cream Cheese: In the bowl of a food processor, combine the cream cheese and blueberries. Add sugar to taste. Cinnamon and Sugar Spread: In a bowl, combine creme fraiche, cinnamon, and brown sugar. Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Slice the pound cakes into 3/4-inch thick slices. Spread on a baking sheet and toast until just gold <END>
INPUT: chilli, lemon grass, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chilli Oil | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 600ml (1 pint) rapeseed oil; 1 large red chilli, split in half; 1 lemon grass stalk; 1 garlic clove; 20g (3/4oz) root ginger, sliced but not peeled | INSTRUCTIONS: Gently warm the oil through in a heavy-based pan but do not allow it to boil. Bring to a gentle simmer, then add the chilli, lemon grass, garlic and ginger. Continue to simmer very gently for 20–30 minutes, until the flavours are well infused. It's important not to allow it to boil at any stage. Pour into a squeezy bottle, leaving the bits in, as the flavours will continue to infuse. Use as required. Gently warm the oil through in a heavy-based pan but do not allow it to boil. Bring to a gentle simmer, then add the chilli, lemon grass, garlic and ginger. Continue to simmer very gently for 20–3 <END>
INPUT: Mexican, curried, salad, cauliflower, ghee, curry powder, salt, unpeeled assorted baby
OUTPUT: TITLE: Curried Cauliflower and Potato Salad with Cilantro Emulsion | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: One 2 to 2 1/2-pound head cauliflower, cut into bite-size florets (about 4 cups); 1/4 cup melted ghee; 3 tablespoons curry powder; 1 tablespoon plus 2 teaspoons salt, plus more to taste; 1 1/2 pounds unpeeled assorted baby potatoes, such as white-skinned, red-skinned and purple, quartered; 2 tablespoons white wine vinegar; 1 cup fresh or frozen and thawed peas; 1/4 cup finely chopped fresh cilantro; 1/4 cup finely chopped fresh mint leaves; 2 tablespoons fresh minced ginger; 2 cloves garlic, minced; 1 small white onion, finely diced; Cilantro Emulsion, recipe follows; Freshly ground pepper, to taste; 1 egg | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F. Toss the cauliflower with the ghee, curry powder and 2 teaspoons of the salt, and then transfer to a foil-lined baking sheet. Roast until just tender and slightly charred, stirring occasionally, about 20 minutes. Place the potatoes in a large pot and cover with 3 inches of cold water. Stir in the remaining 1 tablespoon salt and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat to medium and simmer until the potatoes are tender, about 10 minutes. Drain and transfer to a large rimmed baking sheet, drizzle with the white wine vinegar and let cool slightly. Combine the potatoes a <END>
INPUT: cookies, frosting, all purpose flour, baking soda, salt, unsalted butter, granulated sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sugar Cookies With Almond Frosting | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups all-purpose flour; 1/2 teaspoon baking soda; Pinch of salt; 2 sticks unsalted butter, at room temperature; 1 cup granulated sugar; 1 large egg, at room temperature; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; 1 teaspoon almond extract; 1 stick unsalted butter, at room temperature; 1 1/2 teaspoons almond extract; 1 1/2 teaspoons vanilla extract; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1 3/4 cups confectioners' sugar, sifted; Silver nonpareils or Jordan almonds, for topping | INSTRUCTIONS: Make the cookies: Whisk the flour, baking soda and salt in a medium bowl. Beat the butter and granulated sugar in a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment on medium speed until fluffy. Beat in the egg, then beat in the vanilla and almond extracts. Reduce the mixer speed to low; add the flour mixture and beat until combined. Cover and chill 1 hour. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line 2 baking sheets with parchment paper. Scoop 1-inch mounds of dough onto the prepared baking sheets, about 2 1/2 inches apart; flatten the mounds with your fingers. Bake until the cookies are golden aroun <END>
INPUT: Italian, ragout, primavera vegetable medley, Salt pepper, Italian seasoning
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken with Vegetable Ragout and Polenta | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 3 cups frozen primavera vegetable medley (recommended: Birds Eye); 6 boneless, skinless chicken breasts, rinsed and patted dry; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 1/2 teaspoons Italian seasoning (recommended: McCormick); 1 (14-ounce) jar pasta sauce; 2 tablespoons tomato paste; 1 teaspoon crushed garlic; 1/4 cup dry sherry; 1 (24-ounce) tube pre-made polenta, sliced 1/2-inch thick (recommended: Gennaro); Grated Parmesan, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine frozen vegetable medley in the bottom of a 5-quart slow cooker. Season both sides of the chicken breasts with salt, pepper, and Italian seasoning. Place chicken on top of vegetables. In a large bowl, stir together pasta sauce, tomato paste, garlic and sherry. Pour 2/3 of the sauce over chicken and vegetables. Top the chicken with polenta slices and cover with remaining sauce. Cover and cook on the LOW setting for 4 to 5 hours. Serve hot with Parmesan. <END>
INPUT: canapes, walnuts, olive oil, shelled fava beans, purple potatoes potatoes, Gorgonzola cheese
OUTPUT: TITLE: Gorgonzola, Fava Bean, and Purple Potato Canapes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/3 cup walnuts; 1 tablespoon olive oil; 3/4 cup shelled fresh fava beans* or lima beans (about 3/4 pound in pods); 10 small purple potatoes* or small red potatoes (each about 2 inches in diameter; about 1 1/2 pounds); 6 ounces Gorgonzola cheese, softened; 6 ounces cream cheese (about 3/4 cup), softened; *available at specialty produce markets and some specialty foods shops | INSTRUCTIONS: Finely chop walnuts. In a small heavy skillet cook walnuts in oil over moderate heat, stirring, until golden and transfer with a slotted spoon to paper towels to drain. Have ready a bowl of ice and cold water. In a kettle of boiling salted water blanch beans 1 minute and immediately transfer with slotted spoon to ice water to stop cooking. Drain beans and gently peel away outer skins. Return kettle of water to a boil and cut potatoes into 1/4-inch-thick rounds. Cook potatoes 8 minutes, or until just tender, and transfer with slotted spoon to ice water to stop cooking. Drain potatoes in a colan <END>
INPUT: Spot prawns, Crab Cake Mix, Hot Sour Vinaigrette, English cucumbers, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Spot Prawns | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 16 Spot prawns, butterflied (shell on); 2 pounds Crab Cake Mix, recipe follows; 1 quart Hot and Sour Vinaigrette, recipe follows; 3 English cucumbers, julienned and seeds removed; 1 red pepper, bruniose; 1 yellow pepper, bruniose; 1 green pepper, bruniose; 1 tablespoon ginger, chopped; 1 teaspoon shallot, chopped; 1 teaspoon garlic, chopped; 2 tablespoons mint, chopped; 2 tablespoons cilantro, chopped; 1 quart Hollandaise, recipe follows; 1 ounce olive oil; 1/2 Medium yellow onion, small dice | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 500 degrees. Stuff 1 tablespoon of crab mixture into each prawn. Place prawns on sheet pan with 2 ounces of water on pan. Cook for approximately 5 minutes. Meanwhile, bring vinaigrette to a boil. Add cucumbers until slightly wilted. Remove from pan and keep warm. Add peppers, ginger, shallot and garlic and reduce sauce slightly. Add mint and cilantro. Place cucumber julienne in center of plate. Add prawns in center. Top each prawn with 1 tablespoon of hollandaise. Finish by spooning vinaigrette around plate. In saute pan, sweat onions and celery in olive oil. Set aside. In a se <END>
INPUT: lemon zest, garlic, salt, rosemary crumbled, olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Garlic Rosemary-Marinated Lamb Chops | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 teaspoon finely chopped lemon zest; 1 garlic clove, minced and mashed to a paste with 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1 1/2 teaspoons chopped fresh rosemary or 1/2 teaspoon crumbled dried; 1 tablespoon olive oil; four 1 1/4-inch-thick loin lamb chops (about 1 pound total) | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the broiler. In a small bowl stir together the zest, the garlic paste, the rosemary, the oil, and pepper to taste, rub the lamb chops with the marinade, and let them marinate on a plate for 20 minutes. Broil the lamb chops on the rack of a broiler pan about 4 inches from the heat for 4 to 5 minutes on each side for medium-rare meat. Preheat the broiler. In a small bowl stir together the zest, the garlic paste, the rosemary, the oil, and pepper to taste, rub the lamb chops with the marinade, and let them marinate on a plate for 20 minutes. Broil the lamb chops on the rack of a broiler p <END>
INPUT: Hawaiian sea salt, pepper, garlic powder, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Garlic Shrimp | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound medium (21/25) tail-on shrimp, peeled, deveined and butterflied; 1 tablespoon Hawaiian sea salt; 1/4 teaspoon pepper; 1/4 teaspoon garlic powder; 1 cup chopped garlic; 1/2 cup olive oil; 1/2 cup (1 stick) butter, melted; 1 tablespoon Shaoxing wine or white wine; 1/2 lemon | INSTRUCTIONS: Toss the shrimp with the salt, pepper and garlic powder. Add 1/2 cup of the garlic, stir in the olive oil and mix well. Heat a skillet over high heat and add the shrimp, melted butter and the remaining garlic. Cook until done, making sure not to overcook the shrimp, 3 to 4 minutes. Just before the shrimp finish cooking, add the Shaoxing wine. Squeeze some fresh lemon over the shrimp and serve. <END>
INPUT: brick, chicken halves, Kosher salt pepper, virgin olive oil, unsalted butter, thyme
OUTPUT: TITLE: Brick Chicken | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 chicken halves, breast and rib bones intact (1 1/2 to 1 3/4 pounds each); Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper; 1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil; 1/2 tablespoon unsalted butter; 5 to 6 sprigs thyme | INSTRUCTIONS: Partially debone the chicken halves, removing the wing, backbone and thighbone. Rinse and pat dry. Refrigerate, uncovered, at least 30 minutes to dry out the skin. Season the chicken with salt and pepper on both sides. Heat a large nonstick skillet (preferably cast iron) over medium heat and add the oil and butter. Lay the chicken halves, skin-side down, in the skillet and scatter the thyme around them. Wrap a slightly smaller skillet with foil and place on top of the chicken. Set a large brick or 2 to 3 heavy cans in the skillet to weigh it down. Cook the chicken 3 to 5 minutes, then remove t <END>
INPUT: bread, bacon, stone cornmeal, milk, Kosher salt, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Corn-Bacon Spoon Bread with Tomatoes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 strips bacon, diced; 1 cup stone-ground cornmeal; 2 3/4 cups whole milk; Kosher salt; 2 teaspoons sugar; Pinch of cayenne pepper; 2 cups corn kernels (from 2 ears corn); 4 scallions, finely chopped; 4 large eggs; 1 1/2 teaspoons baking powder; 1 pound tomatoes, chopped; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 3 tablespoons chopped mixed fresh herbs; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Position a rack in the lower third of the oven and preheat to 325 degrees. Prepare the spoon bread: Cook the bacon in a skillet until just crisp; transfer to a paper-towel-lined plate with a slotted spoon, leaving the drippings in the pan. Grease a 6-cup shallow baking dish with some of the drippings and dust with 2 teaspoons cornmeal. Place on a baking sheet. Add the milk to the remaining drippings in the skillet and bring to a boil over high heat. Whisking constantly, gradually pour in the remaining cornmeal. Add 1 teaspoon salt, the sugar and cayenne. Lower the heat and simmer, whisking, un <END>
INPUT: Mexican, salsa, tomatoes, tomatillos, garlic, handful mint, handful parsley
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chorizo Cheese Taquito with Tomatillo Mint Salsa | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2 large ripe tomatoes, small diced; 4 tomatillos, small diced; 2 garlic cloves, pounded with the side of a knife blade to release oils, then finely minced; 1 handful fresh mint, about 2 ounces, rinsed and stripped from stems, roughly chopped; 1 handful fresh parsley, about 2 ounces, rinsed and stripped from stems, roughly chopped; 4 stalks fennel, small diced; Salt and pepper; 12 tomatillos; 3 cloves garlic, minced; 1/4 cup olive oil; 12 chorizo sausages (1 to 11/2 pounds); 1 liter canola oil; 12 corn tortillas (for taquitos) or use flour tortillas (for flautas); 3 ounces brie cheese, white casing removed; 6 ounces plain yogurt | INSTRUCTIONS: Prepare salsa by combining tomatoes, tomatillos, garlic, mint, parsley, and fennel. Season, to taste, with salt and pepper and set aside. Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with aluminum foil. Slice tomatillos in half, lengthwise and remove stem end and core. Scoop out and discard the seeds, leaving as much pulp as possible. Place tomatillos, cut side up on baking sheet. Combine garlic and oil and spoon over the tomatoes, then season with salt and pepper. Roast for about 20 to 25 minutes. Remove from the oven to let cool. Cut tomatillos in halves. While the tomatillos are roast <END>
INPUT: American, graham cracker crumbs, sugar, hazelnut creamer, butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Hazelnut Pumpkin Pie | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups graham cracker crumbs; 3 tablespoons sugar; 3 tablespoons hazelnut creamer, divided; 1/2 cup butter, melted; 1 (8-ounce) package cream cheese; 3/4 cup light brown sugar; 3 eggs; 1 (15-ounce) can pumpkin puree; 1/2 cup heavy cream; 1/4 teaspoon allspice; 1/2 teaspoon salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Heat oven to 350 degrees F. To make crust, mix graham crackers, sugar, 1 tablespoon of hazelnut creamer and butter until combined. Press into a 9 to 10-inch springform pan or cake pan making sure to press mixture up the sides and bottom as well, set aside. For filling, in a large bowl mix in order cream cheese, brown sugar, eggs 1 by 1 and pumpkin puree. In a small cup stir remaining 2 tablespoons of hazelnut creamer, allspice and salt into heavy cream. Pour heavy cream mixture into pumpkin mixture and blend until combined. Pour into crust and bake for 35 minutes <END>
INPUT: brochette, taleggio, olive oil, shallots, garlic, chipotle peppers adobo, port wine
OUTPUT: TITLE: Beef Brochette with Taleggio and Spicy Chocolate Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon olive oil; 2 shallots, thinly sliced; 4 cloves garlic, thinly sliced; 2 chipotle peppers in adobo, chopped; 1 cup port wine; 1 cup dry red wine; 3/4 cup balsamic vinegar; 3 cups beef stock; 1 tablespoon ancho chile powder; 1/4 teaspoon ground coriander; 1/4 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg; 4-ounces dark chocolate, grated; 1/2 cup cornstarch; Water, as needed; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: 12 (6-inch) wooden skewers, soaked in water Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. To make the chocolate sauce: Heat the oil in a medium saucepot over medium heat. Sweat the shallots and garlic until aromatic. Add the chipotles and cook until the adobo sauce has darkened. Add the port and cook down until reduced by 2/3. Add the red wine and balsamic vinegar, and reduce by half. Add the beef stock, chile powder, coriander, and nutmeg. Simmer and reduce down by 1/3. Stir in the grated chocolate. If the sauce is thin, mix the cornstarch with some water and whisk in a bit at a time  <END>
INPUT: pork tenderloins, Kosher salt pepper, Vegetable oil, peaches, wine
OUTPUT: TITLE: Rosemary-Mustard Pork With Peaches | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 1-pound pork tenderloins, trimmed; Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper; Vegetable oil, for the grill; 3 firm-ripe peaches, halved, pitted and cut into wedges; 1/2 cup dry white wine; 1/3 cup packed light brown sugar; 1 lemon; 2 teaspoons whole-grain mustard; 1/4 teaspoon chopped fresh rosemary, plus 1 or 2 small sprigs | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat a grill to high. Pat the pork dry and season with salt and pepper. Lightly oil the grill, then grill the pork, turning, until marked, about 10 minutes. Meanwhile, combine the peaches, wine, brown sugar, and 1/2 cup water in a saucepan. Remove strips of zest from the lemon with a vegetable peeler and add to the pan; squeeze in the lemon juice. Cover and cook over medium-high heat until the peaches are just tender, 5 to 7 minutes. Transfer to a bowl with a slotted spoon. Add the mustard, 1/2 teaspoon salt and 1/4 teaspoon pepper to the juices in the pan. Transfer 1/3 cup of the liquid to <END>
INPUT: Asian, snaps, unsalted butter, light sugar, molasses, eggs, unbleached allpurpose flour
OUTPUT: TITLE: Ginger Snaps | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cups unsalted butter; 2 cups light brown sugar; 1/2 cup molasses; 2 eggs; 4 1/2 cups unbleached allpurpose flour; 4 teaspoons ground ginger; 4 teaspoons baking soda; 1 teaspoon salt; 3 tablespoons fresh ginger, grated; 1 cup candied ginger, finely chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Cream butter and brown sugar until fluffy. Add molasses and eggs and mix well. Combine flour, ground ginger, baking soda and salt, and add to butter mixture. Blend in fresh and candied ginger. Drop by teaspoonful onto parchment covered baking sheet, about 2 inches apart. Bake about 10 minutes, or until lightly golden. Cool. <END>
INPUT: macaroons, confectioners' sugar, almonds, egg whites, salt, cream tartar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Blood Orange Macaroons | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup confectioners' sugar; 2/3 cup sliced almonds; 2 large egg whites, at room temperature; Pinch of salt; Pinch of cream of tartar; 3 tablespoons superfine sugar; 2 to 3 drops each red and yellow food coloring; 1 teaspoon finely grated blood orange zest; Currant jelly, berry preserves or blood orange marmalade, for filling | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F and line 2 baking sheets with parchment paper. Combine the confectioners' sugar and almonds in a food processor and pulse until powdery. Sift through a fine-mesh sieve into a bowl, discarding any large pieces. Beat the egg whites and salt in a medium bowl with a mixer on medium speed until frothy. Add the cream of tartar and increase the mixer speed to medium high; gradually add the superfine sugar and continue beating until firm peaks form, about 5 minutes. Add the food coloring. Sift the almond mixture into the bowl and add the orange zest. Gently fold with  <END>
INPUT: biscuits, all purpose flour, baking powder, baking soda, salt, unsalted butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sugar Biscuits | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups all-purpose flour, plus more for dusting; 2 teaspoons baking powder; 1/2 teaspoon baking soda; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 6 tablespoons cold unsalted butter, cut into small pieces, plus 4 tablespoons, melted; 3/4 cup cold buttermilk; Heavy cream, for brushing; Granulated sugar, for sprinkling | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F. Combine the flour, baking powder, baking soda and salt in a large bowl. Using a dough cutter, combine until the ingredients are incorporated. Scatter the cold butter pieces over the top of the flour mixture and continue to combine until the mixture resembles coarse meal. Add the buttermilk and mix just until the dough begins to come together. Scrape the dough onto a lightly floured counter. Pat the dough into a 10 by 12-inch rectangle about 3/4-inch thick. Use a 3-inch round cutter to cut out the biscuits. Press together the scraps of dough and repeat the pro <END>
INPUT: bayou, jumbo lump crabmeat, loaf by by, spinach, pine nuts, creole mustard
OUTPUT: TITLE: Bayou Stuffed Catfish with Cajun Beurre Blanc | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 pound jumbo lump crabmeat; 1 loaf 3 by 6 by 1-inch baked cornbread; 1 cup cooked spinach,chopped; 1/4 cup pine nuts,toasted; 1 tablespoon creole mustard; Salt and pepper, to taste; 6 (6-ounce) boneless catfish fillets, skinned; 1 cup seasoned flour; 1 cup buttermilk; 2 cups fish fry mix; Cajun beurre blanc (recipe follows); Lemon, for garnish; 1 1/2 cups white wine; 1 clove garlic, crushed; 1 bay leaf | INSTRUCTIONS: Mix together crabmeat, cornbread, spinach, pine nuts, mustard and salt and pepper. Lay fish skin side up and top with 2 1/2 ounces stuffing. Roll tightly and refrigerate until set. Dredge in seasoned flour, dip in buttermilk, and roll through fish fry mix. Deep fry at 350 degrees F until light brown. Remove to sheet pan and finish in a preheated 350 degree F oven until temperature of 150 degrees F. Top with 1 1/2 ounces cajun beurre blanc and garnish with lemon. In heavy saucepan, add all ingredients except butter and cream. Reduce the liquid over low heat. Add heavy cream and reduce by half.  <END>
INPUT: covered, granulated sugar, water, unblanched almonds, Bittersweet chocolate, Milk Chocolate
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate Covered Almonds | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups granulated sugar; 1 cup water; 3 1/2 cups whole unblanched almonds; Bittersweet chocolate, tempered; Milk Chocolate, tempered; Cocoa Powder | INSTRUCTIONS: Place the granulated sugar and water in a large copper pot or 4-quart heavy-bottomed saucepan over medium-high heat and bring the mixture to a boil. Add the almonds and stir to coat them evenly in the sugar syrup. Your goal is to cook the almonds until the sugar crystallizes and caramelizes. When water is added to the sugar, the sugar crystals are dissolved. As it boils, the syrup becomes thicker as the water evaporates and big soap-like bubbles begin to form. Soon, all the moisture evaporates and the mixture becomes sandy. The sandiness is the sugar recrystallizing. It only takes the reformat <END>
INPUT: Mexican, custard, squares, vegetable oil, onion, all purpose flour, cornmeal
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chile-Corn Custard Squares | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 3 1/2 tablespoons vegetable oil, divided; 1 large onion, finely chopped; Nonstick vegetable oil spray; 1/4 cup all purpose flour; 1/4 cup cornmeal; 1/2 teaspoon baking powder; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 1 large egg; 2/3 cup shredded Mexican cheese blend or 1/3 cup sharp cheddar cheese mixed with 1/3 cup crumbled queso fresco, divided; 1/2 cup sour cream plus additional for Garnish; 1/2 cup canned creamed corn; 2 tablespoons minced seeded jalapeño chiles; Tomato salsa (for garnish) | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat 1 1/2 tablespoons vegetable oil in heavy large skillet over medium-high heat. Add finely chopped onion and sauté until soft and beginning to brown, stirring often, about 12 minutes. Cool. Preheat oven to 350°F. Spray 8x8x2- inch metal baking pan with nonstick spray. Whisk flour, cornmeal, baking powder, and salt in small bowl. Whisk egg, 1/3 cup cheese blend, 1/2 cup sour cream, creamed corn, and remaining 2 tablespoons oil in large bowl. Add flour mixture; stir to blend. Stir in jalapeño and caramelized onions. Transfer batter to prepared pan. Sprinkle remaining 1/3 cup cheese blend over <END>
INPUT: American, chicken, milk, eggs, all purpose flour, seasoned salt, paprika
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken Fried Steak 1 | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cups whole milk; 2 large eggs; 2 cups all-purpose flour; 2 teaspoons seasoned salt; 3/4 teaspoon paprika; 1/4 teaspoon cayenne pepper; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 pounds cube steak (tenderized round steak that's been extra tenderized); 1/2 cup canola oil, plus more if needed; 1 tablespoon butter; 1/3 cup all-purpose flour, plus more if needed; 3 to 4 cups whole milk; 1/2 teaspoon seasoned salt; Freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: For the steak: Begin with setting up an assembly line of dishes. Mix the milk with the eggs in one; mix the flour with the seasoned salt, paprika, cayenne and 1 1/2 teaspoons black pepper in another; and put the meat in a third. Then have 1 clean plate at the end to receive the breaded meat. Work with 1 piece of meat at a time. Sprinkle both sides with salt and black pepper, then place it in the flour mixture. Turn to coat. Place the meat into the milk/egg mixture, turning to coat. Finally, place it back in the flour mixture and turn to coat (dry mixture/wet mixture/dry mixture). Place the bre <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, good quality balsamic, sugar, feta cheese, mint leaves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Watermelon with Balsamic and Feta | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup good-quality balsamic vinegar; 1 tablespoon sugar; 8 (roughly 4 by 2-inch) pieces seedless watermelon; 4 ounces feta cheese, crumbled; 2 tablespoons shredded mint leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: In a small saucepan, whisk together the balsamic vinegar and sugar. Cook over medium heat until reduced by half and syrupy, about 4 minutes. Stack 2 pieces of watermelon on each plate and drizzle with the balsamic reduction. Sprinkle with feta cheese and mint and serve. <END>
INPUT: bellies, chocolate, strong, cake flour, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Beer Bellies Chocolate Cupcakes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: strong; Batter:; /strong; 1/2 cup cake flour; 1/3 cup Plus 1 Tbsp sugar; 1/4 cup SCHARFFEN BERGER Natural Unsweetened Cocoa Powder; 1/2 Tablespoon natural malted milk powder; 1/2 teaspoon baking soda; 1/4 teaspoon baking powder; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 3 ounces stout beer; 1 Tablespoon coconut butter; 1/2 Tablespoon Meyer lemon juice; 2 ounces sweetened condensed milk; 1/2 egg, lightly beaten | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. For the cupcakes: Line mini cupcake pans with mini paper liners and set aside. Sift together the dry ingredients. Set aside. In a saucepan bring stout to a boil and continue boiling for 2 minutes. Remove from heat. Stir in coconut butter to melt. Add lemon juice and allow to cool slightly, until mixture is lukewarm. Stir in sweetened condensed milk and whisk in the lightly beaten egg. Add the wet mixture to the dry ingredients and stir until just combined. Distribute batter among the lined mini cupcake pans, filling each about 1/2 full. Stand a chocolate shard di <END>
INPUT: Pastry pie dough, granulated sugar, light corn syrup, dark rum, unsalted butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pecan Tart | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Pastry pie dough for 1 (9-inch) pie pan or (10-inch) tart shell; 1 cup granulated sugar; 2/3 cup light corn syrup; 2 tablespoons dark rum; 1/2 stick unsalted butter, softened; 3 eggs; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 2 cups pecan halves | INSTRUCTIONS: In a saucepan, combine sugar, corn syrup, rum, and butter. Bring to a boil, then let cool until lukewarm. Beat eggs 1 at a time into this mixture, then add remaining ingredients. Fill tart shell and bake in a preheated 350 degree oven for 50 minutes. <END>
INPUT: whipping cream, half half, sugar, honey, vanilla beans
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lemon Tea Ice Cream | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups whipping cream; 2 cups half and half; 1 cup sugar; 1/2 cup honey; 1 vanilla beans, split and scraped; 2 mint leaves; zest of 1 lemon; 4 tea bags of Lemon Lift* or lemon tea; 6 egg yolks; 1/2 tsp. ginger | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine whipping cream, half and half, vanilla bean, mint leaves, lemon zest ginger and tea bags. Heat to a slow boil and then remove from heat and let tea steap. Whip eggs, sugar and honey. Strain milk mixture and slowly add to egg mixture while stirring. Chill mixture then freeze in ice cream freezer. Serve with shortbread cookies. <END>
INPUT: French, chicken, pepper, sage, garlic, honey
OUTPUT: TITLE: Maple Chicken Cream de Brie Sauce | CUISINE: French | INGREDIENTS: 2 pounds ground chicken; 1 teaspoon crushed red pepper; 2 ounces freshly chopped sage; 2 teaspoons chopped garlic; 1/2 cup honey; 1/2 cup brown sugar; 1/2 cup maple syrup; 1 cup bread crumbs; 1 teaspoon salt; 1 teaspoon black cracked pepper; 6 (8-ounce) chicken breasts, with a slit cut on the thick side for stuffing; Olive Oil, for sauteing; Flour, for dusting; Cream de Brie Sauce, recipe follows; Chopped parsley, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Place chicken in large mixing bowl, add red pepper, sage, garlic, honey, brown sugar, and maple syrup, and mix thoroughly. Add bread crumbs, salt, and pepper. Place mixture in refrigerator for 15 minutes to set. Preheat oven to 350 degrees Fahrenheit. Place stuffing in pastry bag with a wide tip. Pipe about 4-ounces of stuffing into the pocket of each chicken breast. In a large saute pan, add enough olive oil to cover the bottom of the pan lightly, and heat. Dust the chicken with flour, and saute to brown all sides, place in oven to finish cooking for 8 to 10 minutes. Ladle 2 ounces of the Cre <END>
INPUT: cake, stout Mackeson Guinness, soft prunes, fine quality bittersweet, all purpose flour
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate Stout Cake | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 stick (1/2 cup) unsalted butter plus 2 melted tablespoons; 1/2 cup stout such as Mackeson or Guinness (pour beer slowly into measuring cup; do not measure foam); 1/2 cup packed soft pitted prunes (6 oz), chopped; 3 1/2 oz fine-quality bittersweet chocolate (not unsweetened or extra-bitter), chopped; 1 1/4 cups all-purpose flour; 1/4 teaspoon baking soda; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 2 large eggs; 1 cup packed dark brown sugar; 1 teaspoon vanilla; Special equipment: an 8- by 3-inch ovenproof ring mold or a 6-cup-capacity bundt pan; Accompaniment: Stout Crème Anglaise; Garnish: confectioners sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: Put oven rack in middle position and preheat oven to 350°F. Lightly brush ring pan with melted butter and chill 2 minutes, then butter again and chill while making batter. Bring beer to a boil in a small saucepan and add prunes. Remove from heat and let stand until most of liquid is absorbed. Meanwhile, melt chocolate and remaining stick butter together in a small heavy saucepan over low heat, stirring constantly. Sift together flour, baking soda, and salt into a bowl. Beat together eggs, brown sugar, and vanilla in a large bowl with an electric mixer at high speed until thick, about 2 minutes <END>
INPUT: Asian, sheetpan, pork chops, teriyaki sauce, asparagus spears, onions, bok choy
OUTPUT: TITLE: Teriyaki Sheetpan Pork | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 6 boneless pork chops; 6 tablespoons teriyaki sauce; 18 asparagus spears, trimmed; 12 green onions, trimmed; 3 heads bok choy, halved; 3 green bell peppers, each cut into 6 slices; Olive oil, for drizzling; 2 tablespoons fresh cilantro leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Put the pork chops on a baking sheet, pour over the teriyaki sauce and toss to coat. Bake the chops until browned and cooked through, about 15 minutes. Transfer them to a plate and keep warm. Add the asparagus, green onions, bok choy and pepper slices to the baking sheet and drizzle with olive oil. Place the pork chops on top of the vegetables and bake until the vegetables are just beginning to brown, about 10 minutes. Garnish with cilantro leaves and serve. Note: This recipe has been updated and may differ from what was originally published or broadcast. <END>
INPUT: scallions, virgin olive oil, Salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Green Beans and Stewed Tomatoes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 large bag (18 ounces) whole frozen green beans; 1 (14-ounce) can stewed tomatoes; 2 scallions, chopped; Extra-virgin olive oil, for drizzling, about 2 teaspoons; Salt and pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: In a microwave safe bowl, combine beans and stewed tomatoes, scallion and a drizzle of extra-virgin olive oil. Loosely cover bowl with plastic food storage wrap and microwave on high 5 minutes, stir and microwave on high 2 minutes more. Season with salt and pepper, to taste and serve. <END>
INPUT: Indian, winter, enchiladas, coriander seeds, cumin seeds, guajillo chiles, ancho chiles, morita chiles
OUTPUT: TITLE: Winter Squash and Short-Rib Enchiladas | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 1 teaspoon coriander seeds; 2 tablespoons cumin seeds; 7 guajillo chiles, seeds removed; 2 ancho chiles, seeds removed; 5 morita chiles; 4 1/2 cups homemade chicken stock or low-sodium chicken broth, divided; 8 cloves garlic, peeled; 2 tablespoons tomato paste; 1 teaspoon crushed Mexican or Italian oregano; 1 medium red kuri squash or sugar pumpkin, halved, seeds removed; 1 tablespoon vegetable oil; 3 pounds English-style bone-in beef short ribs; Kosher salt; 2 bay leaves; 1 cup vegetable oil | INSTRUCTIONS: For the sauce and filling: Toast coriander seeds in a small skillet over medium heat, swirling pan often and adding cumin seeds during the last 30 seconds of cooking, until fragrant, about 2 minutes. Let cool, then finely grind in spice mill or with mortar and pestle. Bring guajillo, ancho, and morita chiles and 4 cups stock to a boil in a medium saucepan over medium-high heat. Cover, remove from heat, and let sit 30 minutes to let chiles soften. Transfer chile mixture to a blender and add toasted spices, garlic, tomato paste, and oregano and purée until smooth, about 2 minutes. Preheat oven t <END>
INPUT: southern, beans, bacon, onion, wine vinegar, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Southern Green Beans | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/4 pounds green beans, trimmed and chopped into 1-inch pieces; 2 slices bacon, chopped; 1 small onion, minced; 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar; 2 teaspoons sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook green beans in 1-inch simmering water, covered, for 6 minutes. Drain and set aside. Return skillet to stove and set burner to medium high. Add bacon and brown. When fat begins to render, add chopped onions to the pan and cook until tender with the bacon. Add cooked green beans to the pan and turn to coat in bacon drippings and onions. When the beans are hot and bacon crisp at edges and onions translucent add vinegar to the pan and season with beans with sugar. Allow the vinegar to evaporate and the sugar to combine with pan drippings, 1 to 2 minutes, then serve. <END>
INPUT: tart, ganache, vegetable oil, all purpose flour, sugar, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Peanut Butter-Honey Tart with Ganache Glaze | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Nonstick vegetable oil spray; 1 1/4 cups all purpose flour; 5 tablespoons sugar; 1/8 teaspoon salt; 1/2 cup (1 stick) chilled unsalted butter, diced; 1 large egg, separated; 2 (or more) teaspoons ice water; 1/4 cup (1/2 stick) unsalted butter; 1/2 cup (packed) golden brown sugar; Pinch of salt; 1/2 cup heavy whipping cream; 1/3 cup honey; 1 cup lightly salted dry-roasted peanuts; 1 cup powdered sugar; 1/3 cup creamy (smooth) natural peanut butter (made with only peanuts and salt) | INSTRUCTIONS: For crust: Spray 9-inch square or 10-inch-diameter tart pan with removable bottom with nonstick spray. Blend flour, sugar, and salt in processor 5 seconds. Add butter and blend until coarse crumbs form. Add egg yolk and 2 teaspoons ice water. Blend until moist clumps form, adding more ice water by teaspoonfuls if dry. Gather dough into ball; flatten into square or disk (depending on shape of pan). Wrap and chill 1 hour. DO AHEAD: Can be made 1 day ahead. Keep chilled. Soften slightly at room temperature before rolling out. Roll out dough to 11-to 12-inch square or round. Transfer dough to prep <END>
INPUT: Italian, salad, walnuts, sherry vinegar, walnut oil, Dijon mustard, Salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicory Salad with Walnuts and Parmesan | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup coarsely chopped walnuts; 1 tablespoon sherry vinegar; 3 tablespoons walnut oil; 1/2 teaspoon Dijon mustard; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1/2 pound chicory, or other leafy green; 1/4 cup shaved Parmesan | INSTRUCTIONS: In a dry skillet, toast the nuts over medium-high heat until fragrant, about 2 minutes. Set aside to cool. In a small bowl, whisk together the vinegar, oil, mustard, salt and pepper, to taste. In a large bowl, toss the chicory with the dressing. Put onto serving plates and top with walnuts and shaved Parmesan. <END>
INPUT: American, Salt, canola oil, elbow macaroni, eggs, processed cheese
OUTPUT: TITLE: AH, HA! Mac N Cheese | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: Salt, as needed; 1 tablespoon canola oil; 2 pounds elbow macaroni; 12 eggs; 1 cup processed cheese (recommended: Velveeta); 1/2 pound (2 sticks) butter, melted; 6 cups half-and-half, divided; 3 cups grated sharp yellow Cheddar, plus 1 cup; 2 cups grated extra-sharp white Cheddar; 1 1/2 cups grated mozzarella cheese; 1 cup grated Asiago cheese, grated; 1 cup grated Swiss Gruyere cheese; 1 cup grated monterey jack cheese; 1 cup grated Muenster cheese; 1 cup grated fontina cheese | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 325 degrees F. Bring a large saucepan of salted water and a tablespoon of oil to a boil. Add the macaroni and cook until slightly al dente, about 10 minutes. Drain and set aside. Whisk the eggs in a large bowl until frothy. Combine the processed cheese, butter, and 2 cups of half-and-half in a large bowl. Add the warm macaroni, tossing until the cheese has melted and the mixture is smooth. Add the remaining 4 cups of half-and-half, 3 cups of sharp yellow cheddar cheese, the remaining grated cheeses, and seasoning salt and pepper, tossing until completely combined. Pour mixture  <END>
INPUT: American, unsalted butter, pecan halves, all purpose flour, kosher salt, ice water
OUTPUT: TITLE: Bourbon Pecan Pie | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, cubed; 3 1/2 ounces pecan halves or pieces; 6 ounces all-purpose flour, plus extra for rolling; 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt; 2 tablespoons ice water; 2 tablespoons bourbon, chilled; 3 large eggs; 3 1/2 ounces sugar; 6 ounces golden syrup; 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted and cooled slightly; 1 tablespoon bourbon; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; 1/4 teaspoon kosher salt; 8 ounces Spiced Pecans, recipe follows, coarsely chop 6 ounces and leave the remaining 2 ounces whole; 1 teaspoon kosher salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. To make the crust: Chill the butter in the freezer for 15 minutes. Pulse the pecans 6 to 7 times in a food processor or until finely ground. Add the flour and salt, and pulse an additional 4 to 5 times. Add the butter and pulse 6 to 7 times, until the texture looks mealy. Remove the lid of the food processor, add the water and bourbon, and pulse 5 to 6 times until the mixture holds together when squeezed and feels like dough. Transfer the dough to a gallon-sized zip-top bag, squeeze together until it forms a ball, then press into a rounded disk and refrigerate fo <END>
INPUT: crinkles, all purpose flour, baking soda, cinnamon, ginger, allspice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Molasses Crinkles | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 1/4 cups all-purpose flour; 2 teaspoons baking soda; 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 3/4 teaspoon ground ginger; 1/2 teaspoon ground allspice; 1/2 teaspoon ground cloves; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/2 cup vegetable shortening at room temperature; 1/2 stick (1/4 cup) unsalted butter, softened; 1 cup packed dark brown sugar; 1 large egg; 1/2 cup molasses (not robust or blackstrap); About 1/3 cup sanding or granulated sugar* for tops of cookies | INSTRUCTIONS: Whisk together flour, baking soda, cinnamon, ginger, allspice, cloves, and salt in a bowl until combined. Beat together shortening, butter, and brown sugar in a large bowl with an electric mixer at medium-high speed until pale and fluffy, about 3 minutes in a stand mixer (preferably fitted with paddle attachment) or 6 minutes with a handheld. Add egg and molasses, beating until combined. Reduce speed to low, then mix in flour mixture until combined. Put oven racks in upper and lower thirds of oven and preheat oven to 375°F. Roll 1 heaping teaspoon of dough into a 1-inch ball with wet hands, th <END>
INPUT: gratin, crumbs, cauliflower, all purpose flour, milk, sharp Cheddar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cauliflower Cheddar Gratin with Horseradish Crumbs | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 lb cauliflower (1 large head), cut into 1 1/2- to 2-inch florets; 1/2 stick (1/4 cup) unsalted butter; 2 tablespoons all-purpose flour; 1 1/2 cups whole milk; 6 oz sharp Cheddar, coarsely grated (2 cups); 1/2 cup finely chopped scallion greens; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/2 teaspoon black pepper; 20 (2-inch) square saltine crackers; 2 tablespoons drained bottled horseradish | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 450°F. Butter a 2-quart shallow baking dish. Cook cauliflower in a 5- to 6-quart pot of boiling salted water until just tender, 6 to 8 minutes. Drain cauliflower well in a colander and transfer to baking dish. While cauliflower cooks, melt 2 tablespoons butter in a 3- to 4-quart heavy saucepan over moderately low heat and whisk in flour. Cook roux, whisking, 3 minutes. Add milk in a slow stream, whisking, and bring to a boil, whisking frequently. Reduce heat and simmer sauce, whisking occasionally, 8 minutes. Remove from heat and add cheese, scallion greens, salt, and pepper, w <END>
INPUT: honey, lime juice, lime peel, orange flower water, pineapple
OUTPUT: TITLE: Honey-Glazed Grilled Pineapple | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup honey; 1/4 cup fresh lime juice; 1 tablespoon grated lime peel; 1 teaspoon orange-flower water*; 1 large ripe pineapple; 1/4 cup minced fresh mint | INSTRUCTIONS: Whisk first 4 ingredients in large glass baking dish. Peel pineapple; cut crosswise into 6 rounds. Remove core; discard. Add pineapple to dish; turn to coat. Cover with plastic wrap; let stand at room temperature at least 1 hour and up to 2 hours. Prepare barbecue (medium heat). Remove pineapple from marinade (reserve marinade). Grill until golden brown, about 3 minutes per side. Transfer to serving dish. Pour reserved marinade over. Sprinkle with mint. Serve warm or chilled. Whisk first 4 ingredients in large glass baking dish. Peel pineapple; cut crosswise into 6 rounds. Remove core; discard <END>
INPUT: iced, egg yolks, whipping cream, pure maple syrup, maple extract, raspberry jam
OUTPUT: TITLE: Iced Maple Cream with Berries | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 large egg yolks; 3/4 cup chilled whipping cream, divided; 1/3 cup pure maple syrup; 1/4 teaspoon maple extract; 2 tablespoons raspberry jam; 3 cups mixed berries (such as blackberries, raspberries, and blueberries) | INSTRUCTIONS: Whisk yolks, 1/4 cup cream, and syrup in medium metal bowl. Set bowl over saucepan of simmering water (do not allow bottom of bowl to touch water). Whisk constantly until candy thermometer registers 175°F, about 3 minutes. Remove bowl from over water. Using electric mixer, beat mixture until cool and thick, about 3 minutes. Whip remaining 1/2 cup cream and maple extract in large bowl to soft peaks. Fold whipped cream into yolk mixture. Cover and freeze maple cream until firm, at least 6 hours or overnight. Whisk jam in medium bowl to loosen. Add berries; toss to coat and let stand 15 minutes.  <END>
INPUT: cake, unsalted butter, egg, sugar, coarse cornmeal
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cornmeal Cake | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, melted; 1/3 cup (80 ml) milk; 1 large egg; 2 tablespoons sugar; 3 tablespoons coarse yellow cornmeal; 2 teaspoons unbleached all-purpose flour; Pinch of sea salt; 1 large apple, peeled, cored, and cut into thin slices; Green Salad with Oil and Vinegar Dressing | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. Preheat the oven to 450°F (230°C). Pour the melted butter into a 10-inch (25 cm) tart pan and swirl it around so it evenly covers the bottom. 2. Heat the milk in a small saucepan over low heat until it is hot but not boiling. Keep it hot over very low heat. 3. In a large bowl, whisk the egg with the sugar. Then whisk in the cornmeal, flour, and salt. Whisking vigorously, slowly add the hot milk, stirring until combined. 4. Strew the apple slices over the surface of the tart pan. Whisk the cornmeal mixture again and pour it over the apples, shaking the tart pan if necessary, so that the batt <END>
INPUT: bisque, butter, celery, leeks, Yukon Gold potatoes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Celery Bisque with Stilton Toasts | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons butter; 4 cups sliced celery (about 8 stalks); 1 1/2 cups chopped leeks (white and pale green parts only; from 2 medium); 3/4 pound Yukon Gold potatoes, peeled, diced; 4 cups (or more) low-salt chicken broth; 1/3 cup plus additional crème fraîche; 1/4 teaspoon cayenne pepper; Chopped fresh parsley (optional); Stilton Toasts | INSTRUCTIONS: Melt butter in heavy large pot over medium-high heat. Add celery and leeks. Sauté until celery is slightly softened, about 4 minutes. Add potatoes and 4 cups broth. Bring to boil. Reduce heat to medium-low. Simmer, uncovered, until all vegetables are tender, about 30 minutes. Working in batches, puree soup in blender until smooth. Return to same pot. Whisk in 1/3 cup crème fraîche and cayenne pepper. Season soup to taste with salt and pepper. (Can be prepared 2 days ahead. Cool, then cover and refrigerate. Rewarm over medium heat before serving, adding more broth to thin if desired.) Ladle sou <END>
INPUT: American, crusts, unsalted butter, solid vegetable shortening, salt, ice water
OUTPUT: TITLE: Perfect Pie Crusts | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 3 cups instant (Wondra) flour (you'll need to buy 2 boxes); 1/2 cup chilled unsalted butter; 1/2 cup chilled solid vegetable shortening, cut into 4 pieces; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/2 cup ice water | INSTRUCTIONS: In a food processor using on/off turns, blend 1 1/2 cups instant flour, 1/4 cup butter, 1/4 cup shortening, and 1/4 teaspoon salt until mixture is crumbly and pieces of butter and shortening are the size of small peas. Add 1/4 cup ice water and mix in using on/off turns until dough forms large moist clumps. Flatten dough into 7-inch round, enclose in plastic, and place in refrigerator 30 minutes. Repeat process with remaining ingredients to make second pie crust. In a food processor using on/off turns, blend 1 1/2 cups instant flour, 1/4 cup butter, 1/4 cup shortening, and 1/4 teaspoon salt un <END>
INPUT: tarte, chocolate chips, heavy cream, mascarpone cheese, Grand Marnier, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate Fig Tarte | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound chocolate chips; 1 cup heavy cream, scalded; 1/4 cup mascarpone cheese; 1 tablespoon Grand Marnier; 1 tablespoon sugar; 1 dozen fresh figs; 1/4 cup smooth apricot jelly; Candied violet leaves; Gold leaf (optional; Fresh rose petals | INSTRUCTIONS: Melt chocolate in a double boiler and whisk in hot cream to make a ganache. Pour ganache into 2 (4 to 6-inch) tart pans that have a pop out bottom, and chill to set. In a bowl combine mascarpone cheese, Grand Marnier and sugar. Fill a pastry bag with the mixture. Pop out chocolate circles and pipe the cheese mixture on top. Slice figs in half and layer around the top. Melt jam in a small saucepan. Brush figs with jam and garnish with violet leaves, rose petals and gold leaf. <END>
INPUT: Asian, napa cabbage, salt, Canola oil cook, pork, ginger
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spicy Pork Tofu | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups chopped napa cabbage; 1/2 tablespoon salt; Canola oil to cook; 1/2 pound ground pork; 2 tablespoons minced ginger; 1 1/2 tablespoons minced garlic; 2 tablespoons thin soy sauce; 3 tablespoons sesame oil; 10 slices of tofu (2-inch by 1-inch) | INSTRUCTIONS: Sprinkle cabbage with the 1/2 tablespoon of salt and let stand for 30 minutes. Place the cabbage on a clean dish towel or cheese cloth and squeeze out any water. The dryer the cabbage, the better. In a hot wok that's been coated with canola oil add the ground pork. Stir-fry until nearly cooked through. Add ginger, garlic and salt; cook for another two minutes. Deglaze with soy sauce, add napa cabbage and sesame oil, continue cooking until the cabbage is wilted. Check seasoning. Plating: Spoon contents of wok over the tofu on a large serving platter, serve family style. <END>
INPUT: cakes, salmon, Good olive oil, Kosher salt pepper, unsalted butter, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Salmon Cakes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 pound fresh salmon; Good olive oil; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 4 tablespoons unsalted butter; 3/4 cup small-diced red onion (1 small onion); 1 1/2 cups small-diced celery (4 stalks); 1/2 cup small-diced red bell pepper (1 small pepper); 1/2 cup small-diced yellow bell pepper (1 small pepper); 1/4 cup minced fresh flat-leaf parsley; 1 tablespoon capers, drained; 1/4 teaspoon hot sauce (recommended: Tabasco); 1/2 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce; 1 1/2 teaspoons crab boil seasoning (recommended: Old Bay); 3 slices stale bread, crusts removed; 1/2 cup good mayonnaise | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Place the salmon on a sheet pan, skin side down. Brush with olive oil and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Roast for 15 to 20 minutes, until just cooked. Remove from the oven and cover tightly with aluminum foil. Allow to rest for 10 minutes and refrigerate until cold. Meanwhile, place 2 tablespoons of the butter, 2 tablespoons olive oil, the onion, celery, red and yellow bell peppers, parsley, capers, hot sauce, Worcestershire sauce, crab boil seasoning, 1/2 teaspoon salt, and 1/2 teaspoon pepper in a large saute pan over medium- <END>
INPUT: slush, watermelon, Simple syrup, lemon juice, Vodka, melon liquor
OUTPUT: TITLE: Watermelon Vodka Slush | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 cups watermelon, seeds removed; Simple syrup, to taste; 2 tablespoons lemon juice; 1 cup Vodka; 2 ounces melon liquor; 4 lemon twists, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: In a food processor, puree the watermelon flesh. Pour the pureed watermelon into empty ice cube trays and freeze for at least 4 hours. In a blender combine the frozen watermelon cubes, simple syrup to taste, lemon juice and vodka and blend until smooth. Pour into 4 frozen martini glasses and garnish with a lemon twist.; <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, wilted, capered, couscous, capers, oregano, parsley leaves, Salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Honey-Glazed Grilled Calamari over Wilted Spinach with Capered Couscous | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup couscous; 1/4 cup drained capers; 1 teaspoon dried oregano; 1 tablespoon freshly chopped parsley leaves; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; Cooking spray; 1 pound calamari, whole bodies; Lemon pepper, to taste; 1/2 cup honey; 1 tablespoon rice wine (mirin); 2 teaspoons olive oil; 2 cloves garlic, minced; 1 (10-ounce) package fresh spinach | INSTRUCTIONS: For the capered couscous: Cook couscous according to package directions, adding capers and oregano at beginning of cooking time. Add parsley and season, to taste, with salt and black pepper just before serving. For the calamari: Coat a stove-top grill pan or griddle with cooking spray and set over medium-high heat to preheat. Season both sides of calamari with salt and lemon pepper. Place calamari on hot pan and cook 2 minutes per side, until golden brown. In a small bowl, whisk together honey and rice wine. Brush mixture over both sides of calamari and cook 1 to 2 more minutes per side, until <END>
INPUT: Mexican, crust, vanilla wafer cookies, roasted macadamia nuts, flaked coconut, unsalted butter, cream coconut
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chilled Lime-Coconut Pie with Macadamia-Coconut Crust | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 35 vanilla wafer cookies (about 5 ounces); 1/3 cup dry-roasted macadamia nuts (about 2 ounces); 1/3 cup sweetened flaked coconut; 1/4 cup unsalted butter, melted; 1 15-ounce can cream of coconut (such as Coco López)*; 2/3 cup plain low-fat yogurt; 1/2 cup fresh lime juice; 2 teaspoons grated lime peel; 3 tablespoons cold water; 2 teaspoons unflavored gelatin; 3/4 cup chilled whipping cream; 2 tablespoons powdered sugar; 1 lime, thinly sliced into rounds; Additional powdered sugar; *Available in the liquor department of most supermarkets | INSTRUCTIONS: Make crust: Preheat oven to 350��F. Finely grind cookies and nuts in processor. Transfer to medium bowl. Mix in coconut. Add butter and stir until blended. Press crumb mixture onto bottom and up sides of 9-inch-diameter metal or glass pie dish. Cover and freeze 30 minutes. (Can be prepared 1 week ahead. Keep frozen.) Bake until crust is golden, about 20 minutes. Cool completely. Preheat oven to 350��F. Finely grind cookies and nuts in processor. Transfer to medium bowl. Mix in coconut. Add butter and stir until blended. Press crumb mixture onto bottom and up sides of 9-inch-diameter metal or g <END>
INPUT: wine, lemon juice, olive oil, rosemary, Four halibut steaks
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lemon Rosemary Marinated Grilled Halibut | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons dry white wine; 3 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 3 tablespoons olive oil; 1 tablespoon chopped rosemary; Four halibut steaks, (6 ounces each); Salt and freshly ground pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Whisk together the wine, lemon juice, olive oil and rosemary in a small shallow baking dish. Add the halibut and turn to coat. Marinate in the refrigerator for 1 hour, turning once. Preheat grill. Remove fish from marinade and season with salt and pepper to taste. Grill the steaks for 3 to 4 minutes on each side or to desired doneness. <END>
INPUT: plancha, garlic, vegetable oil, prawns, kosher salt, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Prawns a la Plancha with Garlic and Lemon Confit | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 10 cloves garlic; 3 cups vegetable oil; 36 prawns, with head on; 1 teaspoon kosher salt; 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 3 tablespoons Lemon Confit, recipe follows; 3 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley leaves; 10 lemons; 2 cloves garlic; 2 teaspoons peppercorns; 6 sprigs fresh thyme; 1 dried chile; 1 bay leaf; 1 cup salt; 3 cups sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: On a Japanese mandoline, slice the garlic as finely as possible; it should be translucent. Heat 2 cups vegetable oil in a large, heavy Dutch oven to 250 degrees F. Add the sliced garlic and cook until golden brown. Remove with a slotted spoon and drain on paper towels. Peel and devein the prawns, leaving the head and tail pieces intact. Heat 2 tablespoons vegetable oil in a large saute pan over high heat until oil is almost smoking. Season 6 prawns with salt and pepper and add to hot oil. Cook 1 minute on each side and then transfer to a paper towel to drain. Repeat until all prawns are cooked <END>
INPUT: Indian, vegetables, sauce, vegetable oil, carrot, rutabaga, parsnip
OUTPUT: TITLE: Scallops and Couscous with Roasted Vegetables and Curry Sauce | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: Nonstick vegetable oil spray; 1/2 cup chopped peeled carrot; 1/2 cup chopped peeled rutabaga; 1/2 cup chopped peeled parsnip; 1/2 cup (about) water; 3/4 teaspoon curry powder; 1 roasted red pepper from jar, drained; 1/2 cup canned low-salt chicken broth; 1 tablespoon plain nonfat yogurt; 12 sea scallops (about 12 ounces); 1 1/3 cups couscous, cooked according to package directions | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 375°F. Spray 13x9x2-inch glass baking dish with vegetable oil spray. Add carrot, rutabaga and parsnip; sprinkle with salt and pepper. Roast vegetables until tender and brown around edges, adding up to 1/2 cup water to dish if vegetables are dry, about 45 minutes. Meanwhile, stir curry powder in small skillet over medium heat until fragrant, about 15 seconds. Transfer curry to processor. Add roasted pepper, broth and yogurt; puree until smooth. Return sauce to skillet. Season with salt and pepper. (Vegetables and curry sauce can be made 1 day ahead. Cover separately and refriger <END>
INPUT: Asian, veggie, grain udon noodles, olive oil, shrimp, almonds
OUTPUT: TITLE: Easy Veggie-Shrimp Stir-Fry with Udon | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 pound whole-grain udon noodles (or whole-wheat pasta); 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1 1/2 pounds frozen shrimp, deveined; 1 package (16 ounces) frozen stir-fry vegetables; 1/4 cup almonds; 1/4 cup sauce used for stir-fry, such as teriyaki, hoisin or soy; 1/4 cup orange juice; 1/2 teaspoon cornstarch; 1/4 cup chopped scallions (optional); 1/4 cup toasted sesame seeds (optional) | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook noodles as directed on package. Heat oil on medium heat in a large sauté pan or wok. Cook shrimp until pink, about 5 minutes. Add vegetables and almonds and cook 5 more minutes, stirring frequently. Combine sauce, orange juice and cornstarch in a bowl. Set aside. When shrimp has cooked, add sauce mixture to pan and cook until sauce thickens. Serve hot over udon. Top with scallions and sesame seeds, if desired. Cook noodles as directed on package. Heat oil on medium heat in a large sauté pan or wok. Cook shrimp until pink, about 5 minutes. Add vegetables and almonds and cook 5 more minutes <END>
INPUT: non iodized salt, garlic powder, onion powder, thyme, sage
OUTPUT: TITLE: Dry Rub Fo Yo Chicken | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons non-iodized salt; 1 tablespoon garlic powder; 1 tablespoon onion powder; 1 teaspoon ground thyme; 1 teaspoon rubbed sage; 1 teaspoon paprika; 1 teaspoon black pepper; 2 whole chickens, skin removed and separated into white and dark meat parts; 2 cups Stonewall Barbecue Sauce, recipe follows; 1/2 cup butter; 1/2 cup cider vinegar; 1/2 cup ketchup; 1/2 cup lemon juice; 1/2 cup Worcestershire sauce; 1 tablespoon hot sauce | INSTRUCTIONS: Mix dry ingredients together in a small bowl and rub into the chicken, making sure to get the rub into the nooks and crannies. Let rub sit on the chicken for up to 12 hours in the refrigerator. Preheat a grill to medium heat. Place dark meat on the grill first because it has a longer cooking time than white meat. Grill until the internal temperature of the chicken is 180 degrees F for all parts except the breasts and is 165 degrees F for the breasts when measured with an instant-read thermometer. When chicken is almost finished grilling, baste it with a generous amount of barbecue sauce all ov <END>
INPUT: flatbread, onion, water, envelope quick rising, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Onion-Fennel Flatbread | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup (1/2 stick) plus 2 teaspoons unsalted butter, room temperature; 1 1/2 cups finely chopped onion; 1 cup warm water (105 °F. to 115 °F.); 1 envelope quick-rising yeast; 1 teaspoon sugar; 1 1/4 teaspoons salt; 4 teaspoons fennel seeds; 3 cup (about) all purpose flour | INSTRUCTIONS: Melt 1/4 cup butter in heavy medium skillet over medium-low heat. Add onion and sauté until very tender, about 15 minutes. Transfer to large bowl of electric mixer fitted with dough hook. Add 1 cup warm water to onion. Mix in yeast, sugar and salt. Using mortar and pestle, crush 2 teaspoons fennel seeds. Add to onion mixture. Mix in enough flour 1/2 cup at a time to form medium-soft dough. Knead dough on floured surface until smooth and elastic, about 4 minutes. Allow dough to remain on floured work surface; cover with towel and let stand until beginning to rise, about 20 minutes. Butter heavy <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, couscous, water, fennel seeds, olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Steamed Couscous with Toasted Pumpkin Seeds | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 2 1/4 cups couscous; 1 cup water; 1/2 cup green (hulled) pumpkin seeds; 1/2 teaspoon fennel seeds; 2 tablespoons olive oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Soak couscous in water to cover 10 minutes, then drain. Steam couscous in a steamer (lined with cheesecloth if holes are large) set over 1 inch simmering water, tightly covered, 20 minutes. Transfer couscous to a bowl and fluff with a fork. Pour 1 cup water over couscous and season with salt. Let stand, uncovered, 10 minutes. While couscous stands, toast pumpkin and fennel seeds in oil in a skillet over moderate heat, stirring constantly, until pumpkin seeds are puffed and beginning to pop, 4 to 5 minutes. Season with salt. Return couscous to steamer and steam, tightly covered, 20 minutes more <END>
INPUT: fritti, Sea salt, sunflower oil, virgin olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Zucchini Fritti | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2.2 pounds (1 kg) zucchini, washed; Sea salt; About 8 cups sunflower oil; About 5.5 ounces (150 g) all-purpose flour, sifted; 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 3 tablespoons warm water; 3 egg whites | INSTRUCTIONS: Cut the zucchini into about 2-inch (5 cm) disks, then cut each disk into 2-inch (5 cm) matchsticks. Place in a colander, sprinkle with sea salt, and leave for 30 minutes. Pat dry. For the batter: Place the sifted flour into a medium bowl, make a well in the center, pour in the olive oil and stir slowly combining the flour into the oil. Loosen this paste with warm water, added slowly, stirring constantly, until you have a batter the consistency of double cream. Leave for a minimum of 45 minutes. Heat the oil in a high-sided pan to about 400 degrees F (190 degrees C). Beat the egg whites until s <END>
INPUT: gumbo, pepper, garlic salt, Cajun seasoning, bay leaf, vegetable oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Catfish Gumbo | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 1 teaspoon garlic salt; 1 teaspoon Cajun seasoning; 1 bay leaf; 2 tablespoons vegetable oil; 1/3 cup diced onions; 1/3 cup diced celery; 1/2 green pepper, diced; 1 1/2 tablespoons all-purpose flour; 1 (10.5-ounce) can chicken broth; 1 (14.5-ounce) can diced tomatoes; 3 ounces tomato paste; 1 small (5-ounce) package frozen cut okra; Splash hot sauce; 3/4 pound to 1 pound catfish, cut into chunks | INSTRUCTIONS: In a small bowl, combine the pepper, garlic salt, Cajun seasoning, and bay leaf and mix well; set aside. In a large pot, heat the vegetable oil over high heat. Add the onions, celery, and green peppers and stir. Add the flour and stir until blended. Add the chicken broth and stir until smooth. Add the tomatoes, tomato paste, and okra and stir until mixed well. Add the hot sauce and seasoning mixture and mix well. Bring the gumbo to a boil and then reduce the heat to a simmer and simmer for 30 minutes, uncovered. Add the catfish and stir to mix well. Cover the pot and simmer for 20 minutes. Ser <END>
INPUT: American, waffles, Swiss cheese, Dijon mustard, ham, Butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Waffle-Grilled Ham and Cheese | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 4 cooked waffles; 2 slices Swiss cheese, halved; Dijon mustard, optional; 2 slices ham; Butter or nonstick spray, for greasing | INSTRUCTIONS: Lay 2 of the waffles on a counter or cutting board. Place a half-slice of cheese on top of each waffle. Spread some mustard over the cheese if using. Fold each ham slice in half, and place on top of the cheese slices. Layer another half-slice of cheese over each piece of ham. Top with the remaining waffles to form a sandwich. Heat a nonstick skillet or cast-iron pan over medium heat. Grease the skillet with some butter. Place the sandwiches in the pan, and cook until golden on the underside and the cheese starts to melt, 2 to 3 minutes. Flip the sandwiches, and cook until golden on other side  <END>
INPUT: American, pizza, chicken breast halves, paprika, dark sugar, granulated garlic, granulated onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: BBQ Chicken Pizza | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 chicken breast halves, boneless and skinless, trimmed; 2 tablespoons paprika; 1 tablespoon dark brown sugar; 1 teaspoon granulated garlic; 1 teaspoon granulated onion; 1 teaspoon ground cumin; 1 teaspoon kosher salt; 1/2 teaspoon chili powder; 1/4 teaspoon freshly cracked black pepper; 1 dried ancho chile; 1 dried chipotle chile; 1 dried New Mexico or California chile; 1 tablespoon canola oil; 1/2 cup diced white onion; 2 cloves garlic, chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. For the chicken and rub: Butterfly the chicken breast halves. Combine the paprika, brown gsugar, granulated garlic, granulated onion, cumin, salt, chili powder and pepper in a resealable plastic bag and shake well to mix everything together. Add the chicken breasts and shake again to coat them evenly. Set aside in the fridge for at least 30 minutes to marinate while you prepare everything else. Preheat a grill to high heat. For the BBQ sauce: Take the dried chiles, tear them up, discard the stems and seeds and place in a small bowl. Pour boiling water over them a <END>
INPUT: American, sifted flour, salt, sugar, ice water
OUTPUT: TITLE: Banana Cream Pie | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 4 1/2 cups sifted flour; 2 teaspoons salt; 2 teaspoons sugar (optional); 1 1/2 cups (3 sticks) cold unsalted butter, cut into pieces; 1/2 cup ice water; 2 teaspoons red wine vinegar; Banana cream filling, recipe follows; 8 cups milk; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 1 vanilla bean, split lengthwise; 24 egg yolks; 2 2/3 cups sugar; 1 cup cornstarch; 6 tablespoons cold unsalted butter, cut into pieces; 6 ripe bananas, sliced into coins 1/4-inch thick | INSTRUCTIONS: In the bowl of a mixer fitted with a paddle attachment, combine the flour, salt, and sugar. Mix for 1 minute. Add the butter and mix just until the mixture resembles coarse crumbs. Stir the water and vinegar together, then gradually add to the flour mixture. Mix at medium speed just until a dough forms. Do not over-mix. Divide the dough in 2 and shape into round, flat disks on sheets of waxed paper. Wrap separately and refrigerate for 30 minutes. On a lightly floured surface, roll the dough with a lightly floured rolling pin into a large circle about 1/8-inch thick. Place your pie plate upside <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, vinaigrette, black, mayonnaise, sherry vinegar, olive oil, anchovy fillets, shallot
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Tuna with Anchovy Vinaigrette and Black Olive-Red Pepper Relish | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon prepared mayonnaise; 1/2 cup sherry vinegar; 1 1/4 cup olive oil; 5 anchovy fillets; 1 large shallot, coarsely chopped; 2 grilled red bell peppers, peeled, seeded and diced; 2 grilled yellow bell peppers, peeled, seeded, and diced; 1 cup pitted and coarsely chopped nicoise olives; 2 tablespoons minced garlic; 2 tablespoons fresh thyme leaves; 1/4 cup coarsely chopped parsley; 1/4 cup sherry vinegar; 1 tablespoon honey; Salt and pepper; 4 tuna steaks, 6 ounces each | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine mayonnaise, vinegar, olive oil, anchovy fillets, shallots, in a blender and blend until smooth. Season with salt and pepper to taste. Combine peppers, olives, garlic, thyme, parsley, vinegar, and honey in a mixing bowl. Season with salt and pepper to taste. Serve at room temperature. Preheat grill. Brush tuna with olive oil and season with salt and pepper to taste. Grill rare to medium rare. Drizzle with vinaigrette and top with relish. <END>
INPUT: Asian, shortcakes, unsalted butter, size plums, sugar, ginger, wonton wrappers
OUTPUT: TITLE: Wonton Plum Shortcakes | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 2 medium-size plums; 1/4 cup sugar; 1/2 teaspoon ground ginger; 8 wonton wrappers; 1 cup heavy cream; 1/4 teaspoon pure vanilla extract | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees. Melt the butter in the butter warmer or saucepan. Halve and pit each plum, and slice each half into 6 wedges. Place the wedges, 2 tablespoons of the sugar, and the ginger in one of the bowls and toss to combine. Brush both sides of each wonton wrapper with a little melted butter. Place on the baking sheet and sprinkle them with 1 tablespoon of the sugar. Bake until golden brown, 3 to 4 minutes. Watch them carefully; after they brown, they will burn quickly. Combine the heavy cream, vanilla, and the remaining 1 tablespoon sugar in the other bowl and whip with th <END>
INPUT: Asian, water, kosher salt, sugar, dark soy sauce, Szechwan peppercorns
OUTPUT: TITLE: Asian-Marinated Pork Loin with Gingered Sweet Potatoes and Five-Spice Apples | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 4 cups water; 1/3 cup kosher salt; 1/3 cup sugar; 1 tablespoon dark soy sauce; 1 1/2 teaspoons toasted Szechwan peppercorns; 1 tablespoon toasted black peppercorns, plus freshly ground black pepper; 4 1/4-inch-thick slices fresh ginger; 2 star anise; 2 bay leaves; 1 4-pound pork loin; 2 tablespoons canola oil; Gingered Sweet Potatoes (recipe follows); Five-Spice Apples (recipe follows); 1/4 cup chives cut into 1-inch lengths, for garnish; 2 tablespoons Chile Oil, for garnish (recipe follows) | INSTRUCTIONS: One day in advance, combine the water, salt, sugar, soy sauce, peppercorns, ginger, anise, and bay leaves in a deep baking dish large enough to hold the pork and stir to mix. Add the pork; if it is not covered, add more water. Cover and refrigerate overnight. Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Rinse the pork thoroughly with cold water, pat dry, and season with the ground pepper to taste. Heat a large skillet over high heat, add the oil, and swirl to caot the bottom of the pan. When the oil shimmers, add the pork and brown on all sides. Transfer the pork to a roasting pan and roast just until t <END>
INPUT: hana, Preserved Lemon Peel, chives, sugar, salt, Champagne vinegar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Hana Hearts of Palm with Shaved Parma Ham and Preserved Lemon | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon diced Preserved Lemon Peel, recipe follows; 1 teaspoon chopped fresh chives; 1 teaspoon sugar; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/4 cup Champagne vinegar; 2/3 cup extra-virgin olive oil; Freshly ground black pepper; 4 pounds fresh hearts of palm, outer husks removed, or 1 pound canned hearts of palm, drained; 1/4 pound thinly shaved Parma ham; 1 cup micro greens; 4 teaspoons extra-virgin olive oil; Salt; 4 teaspoons julienned Preserved Lemon Peel, recipe follows; 5 pounds whole lemons, washed; 1 cup salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Preserved Lemon Vinaigrette: In a mixing bowl, stir together all the ingredients. Season, to taste, with a little more salt and some pepper. You should have about 1 cup of dressing. Set aside. You should have some bigger, thicker pieces of hearts of palm, and some smaller, thinner pieces. Put the bigger pieces of the hearts, in a non-reactive dish and cover them with 3/4 cup of the Preserved Lemon Vinaigrette. Cover with plastic wrap and marinate in the refrigerator for 2 hours. Drain the marinated hearts of palm and wrap each piece in a piece of ham. After the pieces are wrapped, cut them int <END>
INPUT: Mexican, wraps, Pace® Salsa Verde, chickens, pepper, avocado, sour cream
OUTPUT: TITLE: Salsa Verde Chicken Wraps | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup Pace® Salsa Verde; 2 cups diced cooked chickens; 1 large red pepper, diced (about 1 cup); 1 large avocado, diced (about 1 cup); 1/2 cup sour cream; 4 flour tortillas (10-inch), warmed; 2 cups shredded lettuce | INSTRUCTIONS: Stir 1/2 cup salsa, chicken, pepper and avocado in a large bowl. Stir the remaining salsa and sour cream in a small bowl. Spread 1/4 cup sour cream mixture onto each tortilla to within 1/2 inch of the edge. Top each with 1 cup chicken mixture and 1/2 cup lettuce. Fold the sides of the tortillas over the filling and then fold up the ends to enclose the filling. Cut each wrap in half before serving. <END>
INPUT: Italian, portobello mushrooms caps, light roasted garlic, olive oil, lowfat ricotta, Italian seasoning
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Portobello Crostini | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 3 large portobello mushrooms caps; 3/4 cup light roasted garlic balsamic salad dressing, plus 2 tablespoons divided; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1 cup lowfat ricotta; 2 teaspoons Italian seasoning (recommended: McCormick); Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 (16-ounce) bag store-bought crostini; 1/2 cup roasted red bell pepper, cut into 1/2-inch wide strips; Fresh oregano leaves, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Lightly wipe the caps clean with a paper towel. Cut into 1/2-inch slices, place in a large zip-top bag and add 3/4 cup of balsamic dressing. Squeeze air from bag and seal. Lightly massage the mushrooms to ensure they are all evenly coated. Marinate in refrigerator for 1 to 2 hours. Heat olive oil in a large saute pan over medium high heat. Add the marinated mushrooms and saute for about 6 to 8 minutes until tender. Meanwhile in a small bowl, stir together ricotta, 2 tablespoons balsamic dressing, and Italian seasoning; season with salt and pepper and set aside. Spread crostini with the ricotta <END>
INPUT: Italian, cakes, basil, canola oil, onion, celery, lump crabmeat, unsweetened coconut
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sam's Coconut Crab Cakes with Coconut Basil Mayonnaise | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons canola oil; 1/2 medium onion, finely diced; 1 stalk celery, finely diced; 1 pound lump crabmeat; 1/2 cup unsweetened shredded coconut; 2/3 cup mayonnaise; 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard; 2 tablespoons chives, finely minced; 2 tablespoons parsley, chopped; 5 cups panko bread crumbs; Salt and pepper; 1/2 cup all-purpose flour; 3 large eggs, beaten; Diced tomatoes, for garnish; Chives, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat oil in a saute pan. Add onion and celery and saute until onion is translucent. Remove from heat and set aside. In a large bowl, mix crabmeat, coconut, mayonnaise, mustard, chives, parsley and 1 cup panko with the onion/celery mixture. Add salt and pepper, to taste. Form into 2-inch diameter cakes. Roll cakes first in flour, then in beaten eggs, then in the remaining 4 cups of panko, each time shaking off excess. Heat oil, and saute the crab cakes until golden brown. Drain on paper towels. Arrange on a platter and garnish with tomatoes and chives. Serve with coconut basil mayonnaise. Combi <END>
INPUT: soup, olive oil, Kosher salt pepper, garlic, chicken stock
OUTPUT: TITLE: Easy Chicken-Escarole Soup | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon olive oil; 1 pound boneless, skinless chicken thighs (3 or 4 pieces); Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 6 cloves garlic, peeled and crushed; 6 cups chicken stock; 1 head escarole (about 1 pound), wilted spots trimmed | INSTRUCTIONS: In a small Dutch oven or a large soup pot, heat the oil over medium-high heat. Sprinkle the chicken thighs on both sides with salt and pepper; put them in the pan, fattier side down, and cook until browned on the bottom and some of the fat has rendered out, 4 minutes. Flip the thighs over, tuck the garlic in around them and cook until the garlic is browned and aromatic, about 1 minute. Pour in the chicken stock and simmer until the thighs are cooked through, about 12 minutes. Remove the thighs from the pot and cut into bite-size pieces. While the soup is cooking, cut the leaves of the escarole <END>
INPUT: muffins, bacon, onion, cornmeal, all purpose flour, double acting baking
OUTPUT: TITLE: Bacon and Onion Corn Muffins | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 8 slices of lean bacon; 1/2 cup finely chopped onion; 1 cup yellow cornmeal; 2/3 cup all-purpose flour; 1 teaspoon double-acting baking powder; 1 teaspoon baking soda; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 2 large eggs; 1/2 stick (1/4 cup) unsalted butter, melted and cooled; 1 1/2 cups sour cream; 1/4 cup milk | INSTRUCTIONS: In a heavy skillet cook the bacon over moderate heat until it is crisp, transfer it to paper towels to drain, and crumble it. Pour off all but 1 tablespoon of the fat from the skillet and in the fat remaining in the skillet cook the onion over moderately low heat, stirring, until it is softened. Into a bowl sift together the cornmeal, the flour, the baking powder, the baking soda, and the salt. In another bowl whisk together the eggs, the butter, the sour cream, and the milk, stir in the bacon, the onion, and the cornmeal mixture, and beat the batter well. Divide the batter among 12 well-butte <END>
INPUT: egg, milk, packets spaghetti sauce, all purpose flour
OUTPUT: TITLE: Corn Dogs | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 egg; 1 (10-ounce) package corn muffin mix; 3/4 cup milk; 2 packets spaghetti sauce spice seasoning mix; 1/2 cup all-purpose flour; 12 reduced-fat beef hot dogs; Vegetable oil, for frying; 12 wooden skewers | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large mixing bowl, combine egg, corn muffin mix, milk and 1 seasoning packet. In a separate shallow dish, mix second seasoning packet and flour. Insert wooden skewers half way into hot dogs. Heat oil to 360 degrees F in a deep-fryer. Dredge each beef frank in flour seasoning mix, dust off excess then dip into cornmeal batter. Fry 2 to 3 corn dogs at a time for about 3 minutes or until golden brown. Drain on paper towels. Serve warm. <END>
INPUT: gingered, salad, bulgur, salt, boiling hot water, seedless grapes, cilantro leaves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Gingered Bulgur Salad with Grapes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup bulgur (see note, above); 3/4 teaspoon salt; 2/3 cup boiling-hot water; 1/2 cup seedless green grapes; 1/3 cup packed fresh cilantro leaves; 1 garlic clove; 1 teaspoon grated peeled fresh gingerroot; 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 2 tablespoons olive oil | INSTRUCTIONS: In a bowl stir together bulgur and salt. Stir in water and let stand, covered, 30 minutes. While bulgur is standing, slice grapes and chop cilantro. Mince garlic. In a small bowl combine grapes, cilantro, garlic, gingerroot, lemon juice, and oil. Fluff bulgur with a fork and stir in grape mixture. In a bowl stir together bulgur and salt. Stir in water and let stand, covered, 30 minutes. While bulgur is standing, slice grapes and chop cilantro. Mince garlic. In a small bowl combine grapes, cilantro, garlic, gingerroot, lemon juice, and oil. Fluff bulgur with a fork and stir in grape mixture. <END>
INPUT: bourguignon, Kosher salt pepper, good olive oil, bacon, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Filet of Beef Bourguignon | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 (3-pound) filet of beef, trimmed; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, for seasoning plus 1 teaspoon salt and 1/2 teaspoon pepper; 3 to 4 tablespoons good olive oil; 1/4 pound bacon, diced; 2 garlic cloves, minced; 1 1/2 cups good dry red wine, such as Burgundy or Chianti; 2 cups beef stock; 1 tablespoon tomato paste; 1 sprig fresh thyme; 1/2 pound pearl onions, peeled; 8 to 10 carrots, cut diagonally into 1-inch-thick slices; 3 tablespoons unsalted butter at room temperature; 2 tablespoons all-purpose flour; 1/2 pound mushrooms, sliced 1/4-inch thick (domestic or wild) | INSTRUCTIONS: With a sharp knife, cut the filet crosswise into 1-inch-thick slices. Salt and pepper the filets on both sides. In a large, heavy-bottomed pan on medium-high heat, saute the slices of beef in batches with 2 to 3 tablespoons oil until browned on the outside and very rare inside, about 2 to 3 minutes on each side. Remove the fillets from the pan and set aside on a platter. In the same pan, saute the bacon on medium-low heat for 5 minutes, until browned and crisp. Remove the bacon and set it aside. Drain all the fat, except 2 tablespoons, from the pan. Add the garlic and cook for 30 seconds. Degl <END>
INPUT: irish, channel, corned beef, onion, water, chicken broth, carrots
OUTPUT: TITLE: Irish Channel Corned Beef and Cabbage | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 pounds corned beef; 1 onion, chopped; 1 1/2 cups water; 1 14-oz. can chicken broth; 4 carrots, chopped; 1 head cabbage, broken apart | INSTRUCTIONS: Rinse the corned beef and cut off excess fat. Place the onion on the bottom of the slow cooker. Place the corned beef on top of the onion. Add water, chicken broth, carrots and cabbage. Cook on low heat for 8 to 10 hours, or until meat is cooked and vegetables are tender. Rinse the corned beef and cut off excess fat. Place the onion on the bottom of the slow cooker. Place the corned beef on top of the onion. Add water, chicken broth, carrots and cabbage. Cook on low heat for 8 to 10 hours, or until meat is cooked and vegetables are tender. <END>
INPUT: dozen chicken drummettes, honey, packet, dijon mustard, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Honey Pepper Drummettes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 dozen chicken drummettes; 1/2 cup honey; 1 packet (1 ounce) Hidden Valley® Original Ranch® Salad Dressing & Seasoning Mix; 2 tablespoons dijon mustard; 1/4-1/2 teaspoon ground black pepper; 1/4 teaspoon cayenne pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Wash and dry the drummettes. Reserve in a Glad® Food Storage Bag. In a small saucepan heat together the honey, Hidden Valley® Original Ranch® Salad Dressing & Seasoning Mix, mustard, black and cayenne peppers. When the honey is completely melted, cool slightly. Pour this mixture over the drummettes. Marinate 4-24 hours. Bake uncovered, in a 375 degrees F oven for about 1 hour and 10 minutes, or until brown and glazed. Turn drummettes once after 40 minutes of baking. <END>
INPUT: frittata, russet potato, eggs, egg whites, cilantro leaves, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Potato and Zucchini Frittata | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 small russet potato, peeled and cut into 1/2-inch cubes; 4 large eggs; 2 egg whites; 2 tablespoons coarsely chopped fresh cilantro leaves; 3/4 teaspoon salt; 1/4 teaspoon hot sauce; 1 tablespoon olive oil; 1 garlic clove, minced; 1 small onion, finely chopped; 1 small zucchini (about 6 ounces), grated and squeezed dry in clean kitchen towel; 1/2 cup queso fresco (2 ounces); 2 strips cooked crumbled turkey bacon, optional | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring the potatoes with enough cold water to cover to a boil in a small saucepan. Cook, over medium-high heat, until the potatoes are tender, 6 to 8 minutes; drain and pat dry. Whisk together the eggs, egg whites, cilantro, salt, and hot sauce in a large bowl. Preheat the oven broiler to medium-high. Heat the oil in a medium (10-inch) ovenproof nonstick skillet over medium-high heat. Add the garlic and onion and cook, stirring occasionally, until the onion is translucent, 2 minutes. Add zucchini and cook until tender, about 6 minutes more. Add the cooked potatoes and cook, stirring occasionall <END>
INPUT: American, flat, Granny Smith apples, firmly sugar, granulated sugar, all purpose flour, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Flat Apple Pie with Perfect Pie Crust | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 5 Granny Smith apples, peeled and sliced; 1/2 cup firmly packed brown sugar; 1/2 cup granulated sugar; 2 tablespoons all-purpose flour; 1/4 teaspoon salt; Juice of 1/2 lemon; 1 recipe Perfect Pie Crust, recipe follows; 6 tablespoons butter; 3 cups all-purpose flour, plus more for dusting; 1 teaspoon salt; 1 1/2 sticks cold butter; 3/4 cup vegetable shortening; 1 egg; 5 tablespoons cold water; 1 tablespoon distilled white vinegar | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. In large bowl, stir together the apples, brown sugar, granulated sugar, flour, salt and lemon juice. Set aside and see how long you can keep from sneaking a slice of apple. With a rolling pin, begin rolling out the Perfect Pie Crusts into large circles. Roll the dough from the center outward. Be gentle and patient, it'll take a little time to get the dough completely rolled out. If you think the bottom is really sticking to the surface below, use a nice, sharp spatula to loosen the dough and sprinkle some extra flour on top. The <END>
INPUT: float, sundae, sugar, vanilla ice cream, root beer flavored, whipped topping
OUTPUT: TITLE: Root Beer Float Sundae | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 (12-ounce) bottles root beer; 1/4 cup sugar; 1 quart vanilla ice cream; 6 root beer flavored hard candies; 1 cup whipped topping; 3 sugar cones, broken into medium sized pieces; 4 maraschino cherries | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring root beer and sugar to a boil in heavy medium saucepan over high heat. Reduce heat to low and simmer for 45 minutes or until mixture has reduce by 3/4 and is syrupy. Remove from heat and allow sauce to cool to room temperature. Place the root beer candies in a plastic re-sealable freezer bag. Lay the bag flat on a hard surface and cover with a hand towel. Using a meat mallet or hammer crush the candies to a course consistency. Scoop ice cream into 4 sundae dishes. Spoon 1/4 cup of the root beer sauce over each dish of ice cream. Top the each sundae with a heaping dollop of whipped toppin <END>
INPUT: Cajun spice mix, pork chops, olive oil, onion, sweet pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cajun Pork with Spicy Beans | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 teaspoons Cajun spice mix; 4 boneless pork chops (about 1 1/4 pounds); 1 tablespoon olive oil; 1 red onion, chopped; 1 sweet red pepper, chopped; 1 can (19 ounces) black beans, drained (do not rinse); 1 can (8 ounces) no-salt-added corn niblets, drained; 2 tablespoons barbecue sauce; Cooked brown rice, as acommpaniment | INSTRUCTIONS: Sprinkle 1 teaspoon spice mix on both sides of chops. Heat oil in nonstick skillet over medium heat. Add chops; cook 3 minutes. Turn over. Add onion and pepper around meat; cover and cook 7 minutes or until pork is almost cooked in center. Stir in remaining 1 teaspoon spice mixture; cook 1 minute. Add black beans, corn and barbecue sauce; simmer 2 to 3 minutes or until heated through. Serve with quick-cook brown rice. <END>
INPUT: toffee, Crisco® Original No, TART, Crisco® Butter Shortening, sugar, vanilla extract
OUTPUT: TITLE: Coffee Toffee Tart | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Crisco® Original No-Stick Cooking Spray; TART SHELL:; 3/4 cup Crisco® Butter Shortening, chilled; 1/2 cup sugar; 1/2 tsp. vanilla extract; 1 3/4 cups Pillsbury BEST® All Purpose Flour; FILLING:; 1 1/4 cups heavy cream, divided; 1 tbsp. Crisco® Butter Shortening; 1 (12 oz.) pkg. semi-sweet chocolate chips; 1 (8 oz.) pkg. cream cheese, softened; 1 (8 oz.) container frozen whipped topping, thawed; 4 tsps. FOLGERS® Instant Coffee Crystals; 1 tbsp. cocoa powder; 1/2 cup powdered sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: HEAT oven to 350 degrees F. Spray 9-inch round fluted tart pan with removable bottom with no-stick cooking spray. COMBINE shortening and sugar until light and fluffy. Add vanilla. Sift flour into small bowl; add to shortening mixture. Mix on low speed until mixed. TRANSFER to lightly floured surface; shape into disk. Press onto bottom and up sides of prepared pan (make sure the finished edge is flat). Chill until firm. PLACE a square of aluminum foil over crust; fill shell with 2 cups dried beans or rice to keep crust flat. Bake 20 minutes. Remove foil and beans; bake about 20 minutes longer o <END>
INPUT: churn, condensed milk, matcha powder, pure vanilla extract, fine salt, heavy cream
OUTPUT: TITLE: No-Churn Matcha Ice Cream | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: One 14-ounce can sweetened condensed milk (about 1 cup); 2 teaspoons matcha powder; 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract; Pinch fine salt; 1 cup cold heavy cream | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: a 9-by-5-by-3-inch metal loaf pan, chilled Whisk together the condensed milk, matcha powder, vanilla and salt in a large bowl and set aside. Whip the cream with an electric mixer on medium-high speed until firm peaks form, about 2 minutes. Fold about 1/2 cup of the whipped cream into the condensed milk mixture with a rubber spatula until combined, then fold the lightened mixture into the whipped cream until well blended. Pour into a chilled 9-by-5-by-3-inch metal loaf pan, cover with plastic wrap and freeze until solid and scoopable, about 3 hours or up to overnight. <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, carnivale, couscous, salt, chicken stock, apple juice, mango
OUTPUT: TITLE: Couscous Carnivale | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cups couscous; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 3/4 cup chicken stock; 3/4 cup apple juice; 1 mango, diced small; 1 Granny Smith apple, cored and diced small; 1 small red pepper, diced small; 1 small yellow pepper, diced small; 4 spring onions, thinly sliced including green tops; 1/2 cup dried cranberries; 1/2 cup chopped toasted macadamia nuts; 1/4 cup chopped flat leaf parsley and more for garnish, if desired; 1/2 cup extra virgin olive oil; 1/2 cup mango vinegar or mango vinaigrette; 1 tablespoon honey | INSTRUCTIONS: Place couscous and salt in a stainless steel or glass mixing bowl. Place chicken stock and apple juice in a small saucepan and heat to a rolling boil. Alternately, place chicken stock and apple juice in a microwave safe container and microwave on high until boiling rapidly. Pour boiling liquid over couscous. Cover bowl with plastic wrap and let stand 5 minutes or until all liquid is absorbed. Remove plastic wrap and fluff couscous with two forks. Spread couscous on a baking sheet and place in refrigerator to cool completely. Combine remaining salad ingredients. Taste and season with salt and p <END>
INPUT: latkes, sweet potatoes, scallions, all purpose flour, eggs, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sweet Potato Latkes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound sweet potatoes, peeled and coarsely grated; 2 scallions, finely chopped; 1/2 cup plus 2 teaspoons all-purpose flour; 2 large eggs, lightly beaten; 1 teaspoon salt; 1/2 teaspoon black pepper; Vegetable oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Stir together potatoes, scallions, flour, eggs, salt, and pepper. Heat a film of oil in a deep 12-inch non-stick skillet over moderately high heat until hot but not smoking. Working in batches of 4, spoon 1/8 cup potato mixture per latke into the oil and flatten to 3-inch diameter with a slotted spatula. Reduce heat to moderate and cook until golden, about 1 1/2 minutes on each side. Transfer latkes with spatula to paper towels to drain. <END>
INPUT: gratin, Brussels sprouts, butter, unbleached all purpose, milk, Kosher salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Brussels Sprout Gratin | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 pints Brussels sprouts, trimmed, about 1 1/2 pounds; 3 tablespoons butter; 3 tablespoons unbleached all-purpose flour; 2 cups milk, at room temperature; Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper; 5 ounces Gruyere, grated (about 1 cup grated) | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil over medium heat. Add the Brussels sprouts and cook for 5 to 7 minutes, until bright green and beginning to soften. Remove the sprouts with a slotted spoon and drop into a bowl of ice water to stop the cooking process. Make the sauce by melting the butter and flour together in a saucepan over medium heat. Cook, stirring, until smooth and bubbling, about 1 minute; slowly whisk in milk and continue to cook, whisking frequently, until thick and creamy, 2 to 3 minutes. Season the sauce well wi <END>
INPUT: salad, dressing, apples, lime juice, smooth peanut butter, plain yogurt, water
OUTPUT: TITLE: Watercress and Apple Salad with Peanut Yogurt Dressing | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 lb apples (2), cored; 1 tablespoon fresh lime juice; 2 tablespoons smooth peanut butter; 1/4 cup plain yogurt; 1 tablespoon water; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 8 cups watercress sprigs (2 to 3 bunches) | INSTRUCTIONS: Cut apples into 2-inch-long matchsticks, then toss with 1 teaspoon lime juice. Whisk together peanut butter, yogurt, water, salt, and remaining 2 teaspoons lime juice, then toss with apples and watercress. Cut apples into 2-inch-long matchsticks, then toss with 1 teaspoon lime juice. Whisk together peanut butter, yogurt, water, salt, and remaining 2 teaspoons lime juice, then toss with apples and watercress. <END>
INPUT: syrup, Two packages peaches, sugar, kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Peach Syrup | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Two 16-ounce packages frozen peaches; 3/4 cup sugar; A pinch of kosher salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring two 16-ounce packages frozen peaches, 3/4 cup sugar, and a pinch of kosher salt to a boil in a medium saucepan. Reduce heat and simmer gently, mashing fruit occasionally with a spoon, until peaches are very tender, 40-45 minutes. Strain into a jar, pressing gently on solids (press too hard and syrup will be cloudy). Cover; chill at least 1 hour and up to 2 weeks. Bring two 16-ounce packages frozen peaches, 3/4 cup sugar, and a pinch of kosher salt to a boil in a medium saucepan. Reduce heat and simmer gently, mashing fruit occasionally with a spoon, until peaches are very tender, 40-45 m <END>
INPUT: porch, swing, shot citrus vodka, Iced tea, Lemon wheel
OUTPUT: TITLE: Porch Swing Iced Tea | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 shot citrus vodka; Iced tea; Lemon wheel | INSTRUCTIONS: Special Equipment: 1 highball glass Fill highball glass with ice cubes. Pour in vodka and your favorite iced tea.Garnish with lemon wheel and serve. <END>
INPUT: salad, virgin olive oil, lemon juice, Dijon mustard, thyme, kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lemon-Mustard Potato Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 3 tablespoons fresh lemon juice (about 1 large lemon); 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh thyme; 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt; 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; Zest of 1 large lemon; 1 1/2 pounds baby red skinned potatoes, halved; 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt; 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 1 yellow or red bell pepper, cored, seeded and cut into thin strips; 4 cups arugula (about 4 ounces); 1/4 cup (2 ounces) crumbled gorgonzola cheese, optional; 1/4 cup chopped walnuts, toasted, optional | INSTRUCTIONS: Place an oven rack in the center of the oven. Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Line a heavy baking sheet with parchment paper. Set aside. For the dressing: In a large bowl, whisk together the olive oil, lemon juice, mustard, thyme, salt, pepper and lemon zest until smooth. Remove 3 tablespoons of the dressing and reserve. For the salad: Add the potatoes to the bowl and toss until coated with dressing. Arrange the potatoes in an even layer on the prepared baking sheet. Season with salt and pepper. Roast until golden and tender, about 40 minutes. In a large bowl, toss together the reserved 3 t <END>
INPUT: Italian, kosher fine sea, linguine, virgin olive oil, Jerusalem artichokes, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Jerusalem Artichoke and Artichoke Heart Linguine | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 tbsp kosher or fine sea salt, plus 1 tsp; 1 lb/455 g dried linguine; 3 tbsp extra-virgin olive oil; 1 lb/455 g Jerusalem artichokes, cut on the diagonal into slices 1/4 in/6 mm thick; 1/4 tsp freshly ground pepper; 1/8 tsp red pepper flakes; 1 small red onion, thinly sliced; One 14-oz/400-g can quartered artichoke hearts in water, drained and patted dry; 6 large garlic cloves, thinly sliced; 1 tsp fresh lemon juice; 1/4 cup/15 g thinly sliced fresh mint; Freshly grated Pecorino Romano cheese for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: 1 Fill a large pot two-thirds full of water, add the 1 tbsp salt, and bring to a boil over high heat. Add the pasta and stir. Cook the pasta until al dente (cooked through but still slightly chewy), 7 to 8 minutes. 2 While the pasta water is heating and pasta is cooking, in a large sauté pan, heat the oil over medium-high heat and swirl to coat the pan bottom. Add the Jerusalem artichokes, the remaining 1 tsp salt, the pepper, and red pepper flakes and sauté until the Jerusalem artichokes begin to brown on the edges, about 5 minutes. Add the onion and sauté until translucent, about 5 minutes m <END>
INPUT: Asian, orange juice, orange honey, soy sauce, hoisin sauce, orange peel
OUTPUT: TITLE: Orange-Glazed Game Hens | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 cup fresh orange juice; 1/2 cup orange honey; 1/4 cup soy sauce; 2 tablespoons hoisin sauce; 2 tablespoons minced orange peel (orange part only); 3 large garlic cloves, pressed; 1 tablespoon minced fresh ginger; 2 teaspoons oriental sesame oil; 2 1 1/2-pound Cornish game hens, halved; 3 oranges, peeled, white pith removed; Sesame seeds; 6 ounces snow peas | INSTRUCTIONS: Mix first 8 ingredients in large bowl. Add hens skin side down. Cover and refrigerate 24 hours, turning once. Using small sharp knife, cut between membranes of oranges to release segments. Set orange segments aside. Preheat oven to 400°F. Transfer hens to shallow baking pan. Place marinade in heavy small saucepan and boil until reduced to 3/4 cup, about 12 minutes. Brush both sides of hens with reduced marinade. Arrange skin side up in pan. Roast 5 minutes. Baste hens. Cook 10 minutes longer. Reduce oven temperature to 350°F. Baste hens and cook 10 minutes. Sprinkle hens with sesame seeds and  <END>
INPUT: Italian, dozen littleneck clams, olive oil, garlic, wine, plum tomatoes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spaghetti with Fresh Clams | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 dozen littleneck clams, scrubbed well; 1/3 cup olive oil; 3 cloves garlic, minced; 1/2 cup dry white wine; 1 cup canned plum tomatoes, drained and chopped; 1 teaspoon red pepper flakes; 2 tablespoons finely chopped parsley; 3/4 pounds spaghetti, cooked and drained | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large saucepan heat the olive oil add the garlic and cook 1 minute. Add the wine, tomatoes, clams and red pepper flakes and cook, covered, shaking the pan occasionally, for 5 minutes, or until the clams open. Add the parsley, stir once, and add the pasta. Toss to heat the pasta, then transfer to a warmed serving bowl. <END>
INPUT: split, turbinado sugar, kosher salt, bananas, Vegetable oil, chocolate ice cream
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Banana Split with Chocolate Ice Cream and Smoked Almonds | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup turbinado sugar (Sugar in the Raw); 1/4 teaspoon kosher salt; 4 ripe but firm large bananas; Vegetable oil, for grilling; 1 pint chocolate ice cream; 1 ounce smoked almonds, roughly chopped (1/4 cup) | INSTRUCTIONS: Light a grill or preheat a grill pan. In a small bowl, mix the sugar with the salt. Slice off the ends of each banana and halve lengthwise, leaving the peel intact. Sprinkle the cut sides of the bananas with the sugar mixture and allow to absorb, 1 minute. Oil the grill grates, then grill the bananas cut side down over high heat until nicely browned, 2 to 3 minutes. Transfer 2 banana halves to each of 4 plates or bowls, peeling if desired. Set a scoop of ice cream in the center, sprinkle with the smoked almonds and serve. Light a grill or preheat a grill pan. In a small bowl, mix the sugar wit <END>
INPUT: tartines, unsalted butter, fig preserves jam, serrano ham prosciutto, Manchego
OUTPUT: TITLE: Ham, Manchego, and Fig Tartines | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 stick unsalted butter, softened; 2 tablespoons fig preserves or jam; 1 (24-inch) baguette, quartered crosswise, then each quarter halved horizontally and lightly toasted; 6 ounces thinly sliced serrano ham or prosciutto; 1/4 pound Manchego, thinly sliced with a vegetable peeler; Extra-virgin olive oil for drizzling | INSTRUCTIONS: Stir together butter and fig preserves. Spread mixture on baguette, then make open-face sandwiches with ham and cheese. Drizzle with oil and season with pepper. Stir together butter and fig preserves. Spread mixture on baguette, then make open-face sandwiches with ham and cheese. Drizzle with oil and season with pepper. <END>
INPUT: creamed, corn, chicken stock, cream, saffron, wine
OUTPUT: TITLE: Creamed Corn | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 8 ears corn; 1 quart chicken stock; 4 ounces cream; 1 pinch saffron; 4 ounces white wine; 4 tablespoons olive oil; 8 ounces diced bacon; 1 onion, minced; 2 yellow peppers, small dice; 3 cloves garlic, minced; 12 ounces rock shrimp; 12 ounces calamari, cut into rings | INSTRUCTIONS: Shuck the corn and remove the kernels. Reserve the ears. Place ears in 8-quart stockpot and cover with stock, cream, saffron and white wine and simmer for 45 minutes. Strain liquid. In an 8-quart saucepan over medium heat and add 4 tablespoons of olive oil. Add bacon and cook until crisp for about 4 minutes. Add onion, peppers and garlic and sweat for 4 minutes. Add corn kernels and continue to sweat for 4 to 6 minutes. Add saffron liquid and simmer for 1 hour or until corn is tender. Add seafood and cook for about 3 more minutes making sure not to overcook seafood. <END>
INPUT: crisp, pineapple, quails, plum wine sherry, garlic, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Crisp Quail with Pineapple and Green Onion | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 8 quails, quartered; 2 tablespoons plum wine or sherry; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh, peeled ginger; 1 tablespoon finely chopped garlic; 1 tablespoon finely chopped green onion; 1 teaspoon salt; 1 teaspoon freshly ground white pepper; 3/4 cup plum wine or Port; 1 tablespoon julienned fresh, peeled ginger; 1/2 cup brown stock; 1/2 cinnamon stick; 1 teaspoon chili oil (recipe follows); Salt and freshly ground white pepper; 2 tablespoons (1 ounce) unsalted butter; Peanut oil, for deep-frying | INSTRUCTIONS: Place the quail quarters on a plate and toss with the marinade. Let marinate 1 hour, up to 6 hours, refrigerated. Prepare the sauce: In a medium skillet, over high heat, combine the wine and ginger and reduce by half. Pour in the stock with the cinnamon stick and cook until the sauce thickens. Add the chili oil and season lightly with salt and pepper. Whisk in the butter and correct seasoning to taste. Keep warm. In a deep, heavy saucepan or a deep-fryer, heat about 3 inches of peanut oil to 350 degrees F. Pour the rice flour into a small bowl and make a thick batter using 1/2 to 3/4 cup water <END>
INPUT: sugared, egg, pansies, Superfine sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sugared Pansies | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 large egg white*; Fresh pansies, organically grown and stems removed; Superfine sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: In a small bowl, whisk together the egg white with 1/2 teaspoon water. Using tweezers, hold a pansy and lightly brush both sides of the petals to coat. Sprinkle with sugar, shaking to remove any excess sugar. Let dry on a parchment paper-lined baking sheet until pansies feel crisp, about 8 hours. May be stored in an airtight container for up to 1 year. ; <END>
INPUT: pyrotechnic, pineapple, butter, granulated sugar, orange flavored liqueur, vanilla ice cream
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pyrotechnic Pineapple | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 ripe pineapple; 3 tablespoons butter; 4 tablespoons granulated sugar; 3 ounces orange flavored liqueur or dark rum; 1 pint vanilla ice cream or frozen yogurt | INSTRUCTIONS: Sit the pineapple on its side and slice it in half, starting at the bottom and slicing all the way up through the leafy section. Chisel out the core of each half. Discard. Then cut around the fleshy sections with a knife (as you would a grapefruit). Remove flesh with a spoon and cut into small chunks. Reserve both the flesh and the rinds. Melt butter in a saute pan over medium-high heat. Add pineapple chunks, but none of the juice, and stir occasionally for 5 minutes. Sprinkle 1 tablespoon of sugar and stir occasionally for 30 seconds, or until it has dissolved. Repeat the same process, 1 tabl <END>
INPUT: Italian, limone, sauce, spaghetti, garlic, lemons, virgin olive oil, Salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spaghetti al Limone: Spaghetti with Lemon Sauce | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound/457 g spaghetti; 1 clove garlic, for rubbing; 2 lemons (zest of 1 lemon, juice of 2 lemons); 5 tablespoons/74 ml extra-virgin olive oil; Salt; 1 cup/235 ml finely grated Parmigiano cheese, plus extra for sprinkling; Bunch fresh flat-leaf parsley, leaves picked and chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: Place the spaghetti in a pot of boiling salted water and stir immediately to prevent the strands from sticking. Cook the spaghetti to 'al dente'. Cut the garlic in half and rub the exposed area along the interior of a large serving bowl. The raw garlic flavor will coat the inside surface of the serving bowl. Discard the garlic. Add the freshly squeezed lemon juice and slowly drizzle in extra-virgin olive oil while whisking. Whisk until the ingredients have emulsified. Mix in the salt and Parmigiano cheese. When the spaghetti is 'al dente', drain and add to the serving bowl. Mix the pasta with  <END>
INPUT: Italian, Kosher salt, virgin olive oil, onion, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mushroom-Spinach Stuffed Shells | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: Kosher salt; 8 ounces (20 to 24) jumbo pasta shells; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, plus more for drizzling and brushing; 1 small onion, finely chopped; 2 cloves garlic, minced; 12 ounces white mushrooms, thinly sliced; 1 10-ounce package frozen spinach, thawed and squeezed dry; 1 1/2 cups low-fat small-curd cottage cheese; 1 cup shredded part-skim mozzarella cheese; 1/3 cup grated parmesan cheese; 1 large egg, lightly beaten; 1/4 cup chopped fresh basil; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 3 cloves garlic, thinly sliced; 1 teaspoon fennel seeds | INSTRUCTIONS: 1 large egg, lightly beatenMake the stuffed shells: Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add the pasta shells and cook until slightly softened but still firm, about 7 minutes. Drain and rinse under cold water. Drizzle with olive oil and toss; set aside. Heat 2 tablespoons olive oil in a large nonstick skillet over medium-high heat. Add the onion and cook, stirring occasionally, until soft, about 4 minutes. Add the garlic and cook, stirring, 30 seconds. Add the mushrooms and cook, undisturbed, until golden in spots, about 2 minutes. Add 1/4 teaspoon salt and continue cooking, stirring o <END>
INPUT: olive oil, barbeque seasoning, garlic, lemon juice, baby potatoes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Barbeque Roasted Potatoes with Sour Cream Bacon Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons olive oil; 2 tablespoons barbeque seasoning (recommended: Grill Mates); 1 tablespoon crushed garlic; 2 teaspoons lemon juice; 1 1/2 pounds baby white potatoes, quartered; 1 cup sour cream; 2 tablespoons crumbled bacon; 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce; 1 tablespoon dried chives; 1 teaspoon hot sauce | INSTRUCTIONS: Potatoes: Preheat grill to medium heat. In a large bowl add olive oil, barbeque seasoning, garlic and lemon juice. Mix well to combine. Add potatoes and toss to coat. Place potatoes in an aluminum foil pouch and seal. Place on the grill or in a preheated 400 degree F oven for 20 to 25 minutes until potatoes are tender. Sauce: Combine all ingredients in a small bowl. Put the potatoes into a medium bowl and pour in the sauce. Toss well to coat the potatoes or serve the sauce on the side. <END>
INPUT: cake, all purpose flour, baking powder, salt, eggs yolks, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Coconut Rum Cake | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/4 cups all-purpose flour; 1 1/2 teaspoons baking powder; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 4 large eggs plus 3 large yolks; 1 1/2 cups sugar; 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract; 1 1/2 sticks unsalted butter, melted and cooled; 3/4 cup well-stirred sweetened cream of coconut such as Coco López; 1 medium coconut; 2 teaspoons confectioners sugar; 3 tablespoons cream cheese, softened; 3 tablespoons well-stirred sweetened cream of coconut; 1 tablespoon dark rum; 3/4 teaspoon pure vanilla extract; 2 to 3 tablespoons heavy cream | INSTRUCTIONS: Make cake: Preheat oven to 350°F with rack in middle. Lightly butter cake pan and line bottom with a round of parchment paper. Lightly butter parchment, then flour pan. Whisk together flour (1 1/4 cups), baking powder, and salt. Whisk together whole eggs and yolks, sugar, and vanilla in a large bowl. Gradually whisk in flour mixture until combined, then whisk in butter until just combined. Pour into cake pan and rap pan on counter to expel air bubbles. Bake until golden brown and cake starts to pull away from side of pan, about 45 minutes. Cool in pan on a rack 10 minutes. (Leave oven on.) Inv <END>
INPUT: Italian, tomatillos, Kosher salt pepper, limes, few basil leaves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fried Green Tomatillos with Burrata, Cumin and Basil | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 2 (4-ounce) balls burrata cheese; 4 medium tomatillos (husks removed and rinsed) or 2 green tomatoes, sliced 1/4-inch thick; Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper; 1 or 2 limes; A few fresh basil leaves, hand-torn or sliced into thin ribbons; 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 1 teaspoon cumin seeds; 3 to 4 tablespoons canola oil, for frying; 1 cup buttermilk; 1/2 cup cornmeal; 1/2 cup all-purpose flour (I use gluten-free all-purpose baking mix); 1 teaspoon garam masala (storebought or homemade, recipe follows); 1/2 teaspoon cayenne pepper; 3 large cinnamon sticks (if you have the kind you get at Indian stores, it's about 3 tablespoons of cinnamon bark bits); 3 tablespoons whole cloves | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. This looks like a lot of work, but it really isn't. All you have to do is set yourself up for success! First, line a baking sheet with paper towels or parchment paper. Set a cooling rack over it. This will be where you land your fried 'maters. Then, using your hands, rip the burrata into bite-size pieces (1 per slice of tomatillo), and line them up on a plate. Season them with a little salt and pepper. Slice your lime into wedges so that it's easy to squeeze over the top of the whole thing at the end; keep your basil handy too. Set them aside. To make the cumin o <END>
INPUT: Italian, meatballs, plain bread crumbs, eggs, milk, Romano, flat leaf parsley
OUTPUT: TITLE: Baked Ziti with Meatballs | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup plain dried bread crumbs; 2 large eggs, lightly beaten; 2 tablespoons milk; 3/4 cup grated Romano; 1/4 cup chopped flat-leaf parsley; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 pound ground beef; All-purpose flour, for dredging; 1 pound ziti; 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 5 cups tomato sauce; 3 cups whole milk ricotta; 2 cups shredded mozzarella; 1/2 cup grated Parmesan; 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, cut into 1/4-inch pieces | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. In a large bowl, combine bread crumbs, eggs, milk, 1/2 cup of the Romano and the parsley, and mix well. Season with salt and pepper. Add beef and gently combine, being careful not to overwork the meat. Shape into bite-size meatballs. Roll each meatball in flour to coat, shaking off excess. In a large pot, bring 6 quarts of salted water to a boil. Add pasta and cook until al dente, about 8 minutes. Drain pasta in a colander and set aside. If not using immediately, cover top with plastic wrap so that pasta does not dry out. Do not rin <END>
INPUT: Asian, noodles, sesame seeds, linguine, creamy peanut butter, soy sauce, rice vinegar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sesame and Peanut Noodles | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons sesame seeds; 12 ounces linguine; 1/4 cup creamy peanut butter; 3 tablespoons soy sauce; 2 tablespoons rice vinegar; 1 tablespoon canola oil; 1 tablespoon grated fresh ginger; 1 tablespoon honey; 1 tablespoon Sriracha; 1 teaspoon sesame oil; Zest and juice of 1/2 lime; 1/2 cup loosely-packed chopped fresh cilantro; 2 green onions, sliced; 1/2 head green cabbage, thinly sliced; 1/3 red bell pepper, diced | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Place the sesame seeds in a pie tin and toast in the oven until light golden in color, 4 to 6 minutes, and set aside. Meanwhile, cook the pasta until al dente. Do not overcook. Drain, reserving some of the starchy pasta water, rinse and set aside. For the peanut dressing: Place the peanut butter in a large measuring cup and microwave to soften, 15 seconds. Whisk in with the soy sauce, vinegar, canola oil, ginger, honey, Sriracha, sesame oil and lime zest and juice in a small bowl. Thin with the starchy pasta water if needed, 1 tablespoon at a time. (Dressing  <END>
INPUT: muffins, Vegetable oil, stone cornmeal, salt, baking powder, sharp Cheddar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Green Chile Corn Muffins | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Vegetable oil cooking spray; 1 1/4 cups stone-ground cornmeal; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 2 teaspoons baking powder; 1 cup shredded sharp Cheddar; 1 (8-ounce) can cream-style corn; 1 cup sour cream; 1 (4-ounce) can chopped green chiles; 1/2 cup canola oil; 2 large eggs, lightly beaten | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Spray miniature muffin tins with vegetable oil cooking spray. In a small mixing bowl, combine the cornmeal, salt and baking powder, stirring with a metal spoon. Add the cheese, corn, sour cream, and chiles. Stir until lightly combined. Add the oil and eggs and stir until everything is just combined; do not over mix. The batter will be very stiff. Place about 1/2 tablespoon of batter into each muffin cup. Bake for 18 to 20 minutes. Serve warm. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, rubbed, frenched, chicken breasts halves, Salt pepper, chipotle chilies adobo, Quick grits hominy, unsalted butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chipotle-Rubbed Frenched Chicken Breasts with Silky Hominy and Corn Medallions | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 4 chicken breasts halves with wings attached; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 small can chipotle chilies in adobo sauce; Quick-cooking grits or white ground hominy; 5 to 6 tablespoons unsalted butter; 3 to 4 husked ears of corn; 2 tablespoons minced garlic; 1 cup prepared mayonnaise; 2 to 3 tablespoons milk; Cilantro for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat grill or grill pan. Using a sharp knife remove the tip and first joint of the wing of each chicken breast leaving the second joint still attached to the breast. Season each breast with salt and pepper. In a blender puree the chipotle chilies and adobo sauce until smooth. Brush the breasts with the chipotle puree reserving the remaining puree for later. Grill the chicken until cooked through and keep warm. Chicken can be finished in a 450-degree oven if necessary. Cook enough grits to yield four cups according to package directions using 1/2 milk and 1/2 water for the liquid amount. Sea <END>
INPUT: Mexican, smoky, chips, flour tortillas, vegetable oil, Salt pepper, cumin, eggplants
OUTPUT: TITLE: Smoky Eggplant Dip with Baked Cumin Tortilla Chips | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 6 flour tortillas; 1/4 cup vegetable oil; Salt and freshly ground pepper; 2 tablespoons ground cumin; 2 medium eggplants; 3 cloves garlic, chopped; 1 tablespoon chipotle pepper puree; 1 cup olive oil; 2 tablespoons aged sherry vinegar; 3 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro leaves, plus more for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Brush the tortillas with oil on both sides and season 1 side with salt, pepper and cumin. Place on a baking sheet and bake until lightly golden brown. When cool enough to handle, cut into eighths or break into chip-size pieces. Preheat the grill to high. Grill the eggplant until soft, about 25 to 30 minutes. Let cool slightly, cut each in half, and remove the flesh and place it in the work bowl of a food processor. Add the remaining ingredients and process until smooth. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Scrape the mixture into a serving bowl, garnish wit <END>
INPUT: salad, broccoli florets, basket cherry tomatoes, Dijon mustard, seasoned rice vinegar, olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Broccoli and Cherry Tomato Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 cups broccoli florets; 1 1-pint basket cherry tomatoes, halved; 2 teaspoons Dijon mustard; 3 tablespoons seasoned rice vinegar; 1 tablespoon olive oil; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh oregano or 2 teaspoons dried | INSTRUCTIONS: Steam broccoli until just crisp-tender, about 3 minutes. Transfer to large bowl and cool. Add tomatoes. Place mustard in small bowl. Gradually whisk in vinegar, then oil. Mix in oregano. Add to salad and toss to coat. Season with salt and pepper. (Can be made 6 hours ahead. Cover, chill.) Steam broccoli until just crisp-tender, about 3 minutes. Transfer to large bowl and cool. Add tomatoes. Place mustard in small bowl. Gradually whisk in vinegar, then oil. Mix in oregano. Add to salad and toss to coat. Season with salt and pepper. (Can be made 6 hours ahead. Cover, chill.) <END>
INPUT: wild, boar, pork tenderloin, virgin olive oil, very onion, garlic, bay leaves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pan-Roasted Pork Tenderloin Wild Boar-Style with Shiitake Mushrooms | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 pounds pork tenderloin, cut into 2 pieces; 1/4 cup extra virgin olive oil; 1 cup very thinly sliced onion; 3 large garlic cloves, peeled and lightly mashed with the flat side of a knife blade; 4 or 5 whole bay leaves; 1/2 cup finely cut celery, both stalk and leaves; 1 tablespoon fresh Rosemary leaves or 1/2 tablespoon dried Rosemary, chopped; 1 cup red wine (juicy, fruity wine such as Rosso di Montalcino); 1 pound fresh shiitake mushrooms; 1 tablespoon butter | INSTRUCTIONS: In a deep rectangular or oval dish that can contain the meat and all the other ingredients except for the mushrooms, combine the pork tenderloin, 3 tablespoons of olive oil, onion, garlic, bay leaves, celery, rosemary, and red wine. Turn the meat over several times to coat it well, then cover the dish with plastic wrap and refrigerate overnight. Take it out occasionally whenever convenient to turn the pork over, basting it with its marinade. The following day, take the meat out of the refrigerator at least 1 hour before proceeding with the preparation of the dish. Turn it over and baste it whe <END>
INPUT: scrambled, eggs, half half, salt, pepper, hot sauce
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spicy Scrambled Eggs | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 eggs; 1/4 cup half-and-half; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 1/4 teaspoon pepper; Dash of hot sauce; 1 tablespoon butter | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Crack the eggs into a bowl, add the half-and-half and whisk until smooth. Add the salt, pepper and hot sauce and whisk until well combined. Heat a nonstick skillet (cast iron if you have it) on low heat, and add the butter. Pour the eggs into the skillet. Using a heat resistant rubber spatula, stir the egg mixture over low heat to create soft creamy curds. Cook to light and fluffy. <END>
INPUT: Italian, shaved, parmesan, wild mushrooms, Canola oil, Salt pepper, Truffle oil, baby arugula
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Mushrooms with Truffle Oil and Shaved Parmesan | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 pounds wild mushrooms, (recommended: shiitake, oyster, cremini, sliced morels, and chanterelles); Canola oil, as needed; Salt and freshly cracked black pepper; Truffle oil, as needed; 2 cups baby arugula; 1/2 cups grated Parmigiano-Reggiano; Chopped fresh flat-leaf parsley, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the grill to medium heat. Brush the mushrooms with some oil and season them with salt and pepper, to taste. Grill until they are golden brown and soft, then transfer them to a serving bowl or platter. Drizzle with a few teaspoons of truffle oil, some of the baby arugula and shave a few pieces of Parmigiano over the mushrooms. Sprinkle with parsley and serve. <END>
INPUT: warm, taffy, Granny Smith apples, sugar, brandy, lemon juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Warm Taffy Apples with Cinnamon Twists | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 Granny Smith apples; 12 tablespoons (1 1/2 sticks) unsalted butter; 1 1/2 cups sugar; 3 tablespoons brandy; 1 tablespoon freshly squeezed lemon juice; Cinnamon Twists, recipe follows; Caramel Sauce, recipe follows; 1/4 cup coarsely chopped peanuts; 1/2 sheet frozen puff pastry, thawed; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted; 1/4 cup sugar; 1 teaspoon cinnamon; 2 1/2 cups sugar; 1/2 cup water; 1 cup heavy cream | INSTRUCTIONS: Peel and core the apples, leaving them whole. Cut the tops and bottoms off the apples to give them flat surfaces to rest on. In a skillet, melt the butter over medium heat. Stir in the sugar and cook over medium-high heat, stirring, until the mixture begins to turn golden brown and caramelized. Add the brandy and lemon juice and stir to blend. Adjust the heat so the mixture remains at a simmer. Place the apples in the liquid and simmer until the submerged portion is tender, about 15 minutes. Turn the apples over and cook until tender all the way through, about 15 minutes more. Remove from the  <END>
INPUT: scallops, grapefruit, loin, salt, pepper, olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Venison Scallops with Caramelized Shallots | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 grapefruit, peeled by hand; 3 pounds loin, or well trimmed leg of venison; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/4 teaspoon cracked black pepper; 1 1/2 tablespoons olive oil; 5 tablespoons cold unsalted butter, cut into 10 pieces; 10 medium shallots, finely diced; 1/2 cup gin; 6 juniper berries; 3/4 cup venison or beef stock | INSTRUCTIONS: Pull the grapefruit apart into segments. Using the tip of a small, sharp knife, loosen the white membrane surrounding each segment and pull it away, trying not to pierce any of the little juice pods. Break up the segments into juice pods and set them aside. Trim the venison of any tendons or cartilage and slice across the grain into 1/2 inch slices. Place each one between 2 layers of plastic wrap and flatten by pounding with the flat side of a mallet until just over 1/4 inch thick. Season generously with salt and pepper. Preheat an oven to the lowest heat and place a heat proof platter inside. <END>
INPUT: salad, onion, sugar, sumac, Kosher salt, olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Parsley, Red Onion, and Pomegranate Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 large red onion, thinly sliced; 1 1/2 teaspoons sugar; 1 teaspoon ground sumac; Kosher salt; 3 tablespoons olive oil; 1 tablespoon red wine vinegar; 1 teaspoon pomegranate molasses or 1/2 teaspoon honey; 4 cups (lightly packed) fresh flat-leaf parsley leaves with tender stems; 1/4 cup pomegranate seeds | INSTRUCTIONS: Toss onion, sugar, and sumac in a medium bowl; season with salt and let sit 30 minutes. Add oil, vinegar, and pomegranate molasses and toss to combine; let sit 5 minutes. Just before serving, toss in parsley and pomegranate seeds; season with salt. Toss onion, sugar, and sumac in a medium bowl; season with salt and let sit 30 minutes. Add oil, vinegar, and pomegranate molasses and toss to combine; let sit 5 minutes. Just before serving, toss in parsley and pomegranate seeds; season with salt. <END>
INPUT: bread, all purpose flour, baking powder, baking soda, Salt, each cinnamon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Carrot Bread | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 3/4 cups all purpose flour; 1 teaspoon baking powder; 1 1/2 teaspoons baking soda; Salt; 1/4 teaspoon each ground cinnamon, nutmeg and ginger; 1 1/2 sticks unsalted butter; 1 cup sugar; 1/3 cup honey; 3 large eggs, lightly beaten; 1 teaspoon grated orange zest; 1/4 cup orange juice; Generous cup of grated peeled carrots; 1/2 cup raisins | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Lightly butter a 9 x 5 inch loaf pan In a mixing bowl, whisk together flour, baking powder, baking soda, pinch of salt and spices. In another mixing bowl cream butter and sugar until light. Add honey, eggs, 1 by 1, orange zest and juice. Fold wet ingredients into dry ingredients. Add carrots and raisins to batter and transfer it to prepared loaf pan and bake in middle of oven for 45 minutes or until a toothpick when inserted in center comes out dry. Rest on a rack for 15 minutes; turn out, cool on a rack. <END>
INPUT: Indian, warm, salad, French lentils, water, California bay leaf, salt, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Warm Lentil Salad with Sausage | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups French green lentils (13 oz), picked over and rinsed; 6 cups water; 1 California bay leaf or 2 Turkish; 1 teaspoon salt; 1 medium onion, finely chopped (1 cup); 2 carrots, cut into 1/4-inch dice (1 cup); 2 celery ribs, cut into 1/4-inch dice (1 cup); 1 tablespoon finely chopped garlic; 1/2 teaspoon dried thyme, crumbled; 1/4 teaspoon black pepper; 1/2 cup plus 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1/4 cup red-wine vinegar; 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard; 3/4 lb smoked kielbasa or other smoked sausage (not low-fat), cut crosswise into 1/4-inch-thick slices; 1/4 cup finely chopped fresh flat-leaf parsley | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring lentils, water, and bay leaf to a boil in a 2- to 3-quart heavy saucepan, then reduce heat and simmer, covered, until almost tender, about 15 minutes. Stir in 1/2 teaspoon salt, then simmer lentils, covered, until tender but not falling apart, 3 to 5 minutes. While lentils simmer, cook onion, carrots, celery, garlic, thyme, 1/4 teaspoon salt, and 1/8 teaspoon pepper in 2 tablespoons oil in a 12-inch heavy skillet over moderately low heat, stirring occasionally, until vegetables are just softened, 7 to 9 minutes. Make vinaigrette by whisking together vinegar, mustard, and remaining 1/4 te <END>
INPUT: salad, virgin olive oil, zest juice lemon, Kosher salt pepper, carrots, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Five-Spice Trout with Carrot Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; Finely grated zest and juice of 1 lemon, plus wedges for serving; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 3 medium carrots; 1/2 small red onion, halved and thinly sliced; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh chives; 3/4 teaspoon Chinese five-spice powder; 1/4 teaspoon cayenne pepper; 4 large skin-on trout fillets (about 5 ounces each); 1 8.8-ounce package peeled cooked beets (about 1 1/2 cups); 1/4 cup creamy horseradish | INSTRUCTIONS: Whisk 2 tablespoons olive oil and the lemon zest and juice in a large bowl; season with salt and black pepper. Peel the carrots into long ribbons using a vegetable peeler; add to the bowl along with the red onion and half of the chives. Toss well to coat and set aside. Combine the five-spice powder, cayenne and 1/2 teaspoon each salt and black pepper in a small bowl; rub on the flesh side of the fish fillets. Heat 1/2 tablespoon olive oil in a medium nonstick skillet over medium-high heat. Add 2 fillets, skin-side down, and cook until crisp, about 2 minutes. Gently flip and cook until cooked t <END>
INPUT: tajine, lamb shank, onion, olive oil, pepper, ginger
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lamb Shank Tajine | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 pounds lamb shank, cut into pieces; 1 large onion, chopped; 1/2 cup olive oil; 1/2 teaspoon ground white pepper; 1/2 teaspoon ground ginger; Salt; Small amount saffron threads, crumbled; 1/4 teaspoon turmeric; 3 sticks cinnamon; 1 small bunch fresh cilantro, wrapped together in bouquet; 1/2 cup prunes; 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 5 tablespoons sugar; 1 teaspoon orange blossom water; 1 cup fried almonds | INSTRUCTIONS: Put the lamb into a tajine or large pot and add the onions, olive oil, white pepper, ginger, salt, saffron threads, turmeric and cinnamon. Brown the meat for a few minutes over medium heat. Add 3 or 4 cups water and the small bouquet of cilantro. Cover and simmer the meat over medium heat until the meat is very tender, about 1 hour. If necessary, add a small amount of water during cooking to prevent the meat from scorching. When the meat has cooked, uncover the pot and continue cooking off the liquid until mostly oils and onions remain with the meat. Put the prunes in a small pot and add enoug <END>
INPUT: Italian, marzipan, grapeseed oil, confectioners' sugar, kosher salt, canola oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Arugula with Brûléed Figs, Ricotta, Prosciutto, and Smoked Marzipan | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup (about 4 ounces) smoked Marcona or smoked regular almonds; 3 tablespoons grapeseed oil; 2 tablespoons confectioners' sugar; 1 teaspoon kosher salt; 1/2 cup canola oil; 6 ounces thinly sliced prosciutto, trimmed of excess fat; 3/4 cup heavy cream, well chilled; 1 cup (about 9 ounces) fresh ricotta*; 1/4 teaspoon kosher salt; 16 fresh figs; 1/2 cup turbinado sugar**; 1 tablespoon fleur de sel; 1/2 cup extra-virgin olive oil; Juice of 1 lemon; 10 cups baby arugula | INSTRUCTIONS: Make the smoked marzipan: Arrange a rack in the center of the oven and preheat to 350°F. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper. In a medium bowl, combine the almonds, grapeseed oil, confectioners' sugar, and salt and stir to combine. Spread the mixture on the prepared baking sheet and bake until golden brown and aromatic, 12 to 15 minutes. Transfer to a cutting board to cool then coarsely chop. DO AHEAD: The smoked marzipan can be made in advance and stored, in an airtight container at room temperature, up to 5 days. Arrange a rack in the center of the oven and preheat to 350°F. Line a baki <END>
INPUT: Italian, pasta, salad, basil leaves, spinach leaves, olive oil, lemon juice orange, pine nut
OUTPUT: TITLE: Wax Bean "Pasta" Salad | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup packed basil leaves; 1/4 cup packed spinach leaves; 1/4 cup olive oil; 1/4 cup fresh lemon juice or orange juice; 1/4 cup pine nut; 1/2 teaspoon salt, optional; 1 1/2 pounds wax beans, rinsed and trimmed; Olive oil; 4 cups cherry tomatoes, rinsed and halved; 1 tablespoon diced shallot, optional | INSTRUCTIONS: For the spinach-basil pesto dressing: Place the basil, spinach, oil and lemon juice in a food processor or blender, then puree until smooth. Add the pine nuts and a salt, if using, and blend again until the mixture has the consistency of a dressing. Add more oil or lemon juice as needed for your desired consistency. Set aside. For the wax bean salad: Cut the beans into pasta-size pieces, about 1 1/2 inches long. Add 1 tablespoon of oil to a large skillet or saute pan and place over medium-high heat. Carefully add the wax beans to the hot skillet in batches, being careful not to overcrowd the s <END>
INPUT: cake, syrup, almonds skins, all purpose flour, baking powder, salt, eggs
OUTPUT: TITLE: Toasted-Almond Cake with Strawberries in Rosé-Water Syrup | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 cup whole almonds with skins (1/4 pound), toasted and cooled; 1 1/4 cups all-purpose flour; 1 teaspoon baking powder; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 4 large eggs, at room temperature 30 minutes; 1 1/4 cups superfine granulated sugar; 1 1/2 sticks (3/4 cup) unsalted butter, melted and cooled; 1/3 cup whole milk; 1/4 teaspoon almond extract; 1/2 cup sliced almonds (2 ounces); 2 cups water; 1 1/3 cups granulated sugar; 6 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 2 lb strawberries, trimmed and quartered lengthwise; 1/2 teaspoon rose water or 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, or to taste | INSTRUCTIONS: Make cake: Put oven rack in middle position and preheat oven to 350°F. Butter and flour cake pan, knocking out excess flour. With blender motor at high speed, add half of toasted almonds through top hole and finely grind (be careful not to grind to a paste). Transfer to a bowl and grind remaining almonds in same manner, transferring to bowl. Add flour, baking powder, and salt to ground almonds and whisk until combined well. Beat eggs in a large bowl with an electric mixer at high speed until foamy, about 15 seconds, then add superfine sugar a little at a time, beating. Continue beating until m <END>
INPUT: Indian, jerk, onion, garlic, jalapeno, soy sauce, dark sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Jerk Chicken with Mango Chutney and Fried Plantains | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 small yellow onion, quartered; 5 cloves garlic, peeled; 1 large jalapeno; 2 tablespoons soy sauce; 2 tablespoons dark brown sugar; 1 tablespoon thyme leaves; 1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1/2 teaspoon ground allspice; Kosher salt; 4 chicken legs (thighs and drumsticks together); Vegetable oil, for drizzling; Pickapeppa Sour Cream, recipe follows; 4 soft sandwich rolls, split; Mango Chutney, recipe follows; Fried Plantains, recipe follows | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Combine the onion, garlic, jalapeno, soy sauce, sugar, thyme, cinnamon, allspice and a pinch of salt together in a food processor and blend for a couple of minutes, scraping up pieces that cling to the walls to make sure everything is blended evenly. Combine the jerk rub and the chicken legs in a casserole dish that is just big enough to fit the chicken pieces. Work the rub into the chicken, making sure to put the mixture under the skin as well. Cover and let the chicken marinate in the refrigerator for at least 3 hours or up to overnight. Preheat the oven to 400 <END>
INPUT: American, salad, walnuts, olive oil, onions, balsamic vinegar, water
OUTPUT: TITLE: Arugula Salad with Caramelized Onions, Goat Cheese, and Candied Walnuts | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1 1/4 pounds red onions, thinly sliced; 2 tablespoons balsamic vinegar; 1/3 cup (packed) golden brown sugar; 1/4 cup water; 2 tablespoons (1/4 stick) butter; Large pinch of salt; 1 1/2 cups walnut halves; 4 cups 1/2-inch cubes crustless country bread; 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 5 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 3 tablespoons balsamic vinegar; 2 5-ounce packages baby arugula; 2 5-ounce packages soft goat cheese, broken into 1/2-inch pieces, chilled | INSTRUCTIONS: For caramelized onions: Heat oil in heavy large skillet over medium-high heat. Add onions. Sauté until golden, about 18 minutes. Remove from heat. Sprinkle with vinegar; stir to blend. Season with salt and pepper. Heat oil in heavy large skillet over medium-high heat. Add onions. Sauté until golden, about 18 minutes. Remove from heat. Sprinkle with vinegar; stir to blend. Season with salt and pepper. For candied walnuts: Combine first 4 ingredients in another heavy large skillet. Bring to boil, whisking. Boil 1 minute. Add walnuts; stir. Toss until syrup forms glaze on nuts, about 3 minutes. T <END>
INPUT: hot dog roll, leaves lettuce, picked lobster meat, mayonnaise
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lobster Roll | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 hot dog roll, toasted (recommended: "New England-style" hot dog roll, no crust, split on top); 2 to 3 leaves lettuce; 3 to 4 ounces freshly picked lobster meat (1 lobster's worth); 1 teaspoon mayonnaise | INSTRUCTIONS: Place the lettuce in a bed on the bottom of the hot dog roll. Layer the lobster meat on top of the lettuce and place a dab of mayonnaise on top of the meat. Enjoy!; <END>
INPUT: American, super, canola oil, shallots, celery, flour, half half
OUTPUT: TITLE: Super Macaroni and Cheese | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons canola oil; 1/4 cup minced shallots; 1/4 cup minced celery; 2 tablespoons instant flour; 1 1/2 cups half-and-half, heated; 1/2 cup dry white wine; 1 cup mascarpone cheese; 3/4 cup grated sharp white cheddar; 1/2 cup grated Fontina; 3/4 pound elbow or tube macaroni, cooked and well drained; Hot sauce; Coarse salt; 1/4 cup freshly grated Parmesan, optional; 3/4 cup bread crumbs | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Generously grease a 2-quart casserole; set aside. Heat the oil in a large nonstick saucepan over medium heat. Add the shallots and celery and saute for 5 minutes, or until the vegetables are very soft. Lower the heat and stir in the flour until well incorporated. Whisk in the hot half-and-half and then the wine. Cook, stirring constantly, for about 4 minutes, or until the mixture has begun to thicken. Remove from the heat and beat in the cheeses, stirring until they have melted into the sauce. Stir in the macaroni and season, to taste, with hot sauce and salt. Po <END>
INPUT: biscuits, bacon, onion, all purpose flour, powdered milk, baking powder
OUTPUT: TITLE: Bacon and Onion Biscuits | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 strips bacon; 1 small onion, chopped; 3 cups all-purpose flour, plus more for dusting; 1/3 cup powdered milk; 5 teaspoons baking powder; 1 tablespoon sugar; 2 teaspoons cream of tartar; 2 teaspoons kosher salt; 1 stick (8 tablespoons) cold butter, cut into bits, plus 4 tablespoons butter, melted; 1/2 cup shortening; 1 1/2 cups buttermilk | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F. In a small skillet, cook the bacon over medium heat until crisp, 5 to 7 minutes. Remove and drain on paper towels until cool, then chop into small pieces. Add the onion to the skillet with the bacon grease and cook over medium-low heat until light golden, about 5 minutes. Drain on paper towels. Stir together the flour, powdered milk, baking powder, sugar, cream of tartar and salt in a medium bowl. Using a pastry cutter, cut the chilled butter bits and shortening into the dry mixture until blended thoroughly. Stir in the bacon and onion. Fold in the buttermilk <END>
INPUT: lace, cookies, almonds, sugar, all purpose flour, orange peel
OUTPUT: TITLE: Orange-Almond Lace Cookies | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 cup (1 1/2 sticks) unsalted butter; 1 1/2 cups finely chopped almonds; 3/4 cup sugar; 1 tablespoon all purpose flour; 2 teaspoons grated orange peel; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1 large egg, beaten to blend | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 325°F. Line large baking sheet with parchment paper. Stir 3/4 cup butter in heavy medium saucepan over medium-low heat until melted. Remove from heat. Stir in nuts, sugar, flour, orange peel and salt; then stir in egg. Drop some batter by generous tablespoonfuls onto prepared baking sheet, spacing 3 inches apart (cookies will spread). Bake cookies until lacy and golden brown, about 15 minutes. Gently slide parchment paper with cookies onto rack; cool completely. Transfer cookies to paper towels. Repeat with remaining batter, lining cooled baking sheet with clean parchment for e <END>
INPUT: Indian, fruit, shallot, onion, garlic, crumbled sage
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chutney-Glazed Cornish Hens with Hazelnuts and Dried-Fruit Stuffing | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 1 large shallot, minced; 1 onion, minced; 1 garlic clove, minced; 3/4 stick (6 tablespoons) unsalted butter; 3/4 teaspoon crumbled dried sage; 1/8 teaspoon ground cloves; 1/3 cup golden raisins; 1/2 cup chopped dried apricots; 1/2 cup dry white wine; 4 cups cubed stale homemade-type white bread (about 8 slices), toasted; 3/4 cup skinned, lightly toasted hazelnuts, (procedure follows), chopped fine; 6 Cornish hens, each weighing about 1 1/4 pounds, rinsed and patted dry; 1/2 sticks (1/4 cup) unsalted butter, melted and cooled; 1/3 cup fresh lemon juice; an 8 1/2-ounce jar mango chutney (about 3/4 cup) | INSTRUCTIONS: Make the stuffing: In a large heavy skillet cook the shallot, the onion, and the garlic in the butter over moderate heat, stirring, until the vegetables are golden. Stir in the sage, the cloves, the raisins, the apricots, and salt and pepper to taste and cook the mixture, stirring, for 1 minute. Stir in the wine and boil the mixture until the liquid is evaporated. Remove the skillet from the heat and stir in the bread cubes, the hazelnuts, and salt and pepper to taste. Let the mixture cool before stuffing the hens. Divide the stuffing among the cavities of the hens, packing the cavities loosel <END>
INPUT: millefoglie, sauce, milk, vanilla bean, egg yolks, granulated sugar, all purpose flour
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pineapple Millefoglie With Maraschino Cherry Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups milk; 1 vanilla bean, halved lengthwise, seeds scraped; 4 large egg yolks; 1/4 cup granulated sugar; 3 tablespoons all-purpose flour; 1 17.3-ounce box puff pastry, thawed; 1 12-ounce bag frozen black cherries, thawed; 1 cup pineapple juice; 1/4 cup maraschino cherry juice, from a jar of maraschino cherries; 6 slices fresh pineapple (about 1 pound), from 1 small peeled and cored pineapple; 1/2 cup confectioners' sugar; 1 cup heavy cream; 1/4 cup confectioners' sugar; 1/4 teaspoon vanilla extract; 6 maraschino cherries, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Make the custard: In a saucepan, warm the milk, vanilla bean and seeds over low heat. Whisk the egg yolks and sugar in a bowl; beat in the flour. Remove the vanilla bean and whisk the milk into the egg mixture. Pour back into the saucepan and whisk over medium heat until the cream is thick, about 8 minutes. Transfer the custard to a bowl; lay plastic wrap on the surface and cool in the refrigerator for about 3 hours. Transfer to a large pastry bag fitted with a wide round tip. Prepare the millefoglie: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Cut the puff pastry into eighteen 3-inch rounds using a co <END>
INPUT: cookies, sugar, butter, eggs, vanilla, flour
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sugar Cookies | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup sugar; 2 sticks of butter; 2 eggs; 1 teaspoon vanilla; 3 cups flour; 1 teaspoon baking powder; 1/2 teaspoon salt; Powdered sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: 1 snowflake stencil Beat sugar and butter with a hand mixer until light and fluffy. Add vanilla and eggs little by little. Add dry ingredients. Knead dough by hand and work in more flour if necessary. Dough should be stiff. Roll out dough with a rolling pin and cut out cookies with 3-4 inch circle cookie cutter. Place on parchment lined cookie sheet. Bake at 350 degrees F for 12-15 minutes. Once cooled place stencil on top and shake powdered sugar over it. <END>
INPUT: madeleines, flour, baking powder, salt, butter, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lemon Madeleines | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup plus 2 tablespoons/150 g flour; 1/2 teaspoon baking powder; Pinch salt; 2/3 cup plus 1 tablespoon/150 g butter; 1/2 cup plus 2 tablespoons/125 g sugar; 1 tablespoon brown sugar; 1 tablespoon honey; Zest of 1 lemon; 4 eggs | INSTRUCTIONS: Grease madeleine tins and set in the freezer. Heat the oven 400 degrees F/200 degrees C. Sift together the flour and baking powder. In a small saucepan melt the butter, and stir in the sugar, honey and lemon zest. Lightly beat the eggs, and temper them into the butter mixture. Whisk into the flour to make a smooth batter. Pour into the molds and bake until the cakes are puffed up, golden around the edges and cooked through, 10 to 12 minutes, without opening the door during cooking. <END>
INPUT: sauce, olive oil, baby chickens Cornish, Salt pepper taste, pearl onions, turnips
OUTPUT: TITLE: Baby Chicken with Red Wine Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons olive oil; 2 small baby chickens or Cornish hens, 12 to 16 ounces each, first two wing joints removed, backbone removed and butterflied (flattened); Salt and freshly ground black pepper to taste; 1 cup pearl onions, peeled; 1/2 cup diced carrots1/2 cup diced turnips; 2 tablespoons dried thyme; 3 cloves garlic, crushed; 1 cup dry red wine; 1/2 cup canned plum tomatoes, drained and crushed; 2 cups Chicken Stock; 1/4 cup crumbled crispcooked bacon | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat an oven to 350 degrees. Heat the olive oil in a large, deep skillet. Season the chicken with salt and pepper, and brown well on both sides before removing and placing in an ovenproof casserole. To the skillet in which you cooked the chicken, add the onions, carrots, turnips, thyme, and garlic, and saute until the vegetables begin to wilt. Add the red wine, plum tomatoes, and chicken stock to the vegetables, and cook for 10 minutes over medium heat. Pour the vegetable mixture over the chicken in the heatproof casserole and simmer, covered, for 45 minutes. When the chicken has finished c <END>
INPUT: Mexican, tostadas, kosher salt, chipotle chiles adobo, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spicy Chipotle Chicken Tostadas | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup kosher salt, plus more to taste; 2 pounds skinless, bone-in chicken thighs; 1 (28-ounce) can whole tomatoes, drained; 3 canned chipotle chiles in adobo, plus 2 tablespoons adobo sauce; 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 1/4 teaspoon ground cinnamon; Pinch of ground cloves; 1 medium white onion, diced; 4 garlic cloves, crushed; 4 ounces fresh Mexican chorizo (about 1/2 cup), casings removed, crumbled, fried until almost crisp (optional); 16 small corn tortillas or store-bought crispy tostada shells; Vegetable oil (for frying; if needed); Kosher salt (if needed); 1 1/2 cups Creamy Black Bean Spread; Shredded iceberg lettuce, thinly sliced white onion, crema (Mexican salted cream) or sour cream, queso fresco, cilantro leaves with tender stems (for  | INSTRUCTIONS: Make the spicy chicken topping: Fill a large pot with 8 cups water; stir in 1/4 cup salt. Add chicken and simmer over medium-low heat until just cooked through, about 45 minutes. Drain, then chop or tear chicken into bite-size chunks. Discard bones. Meanwhile, purée tomatoes, chiles, adobo sauce, pepper, cinnamon, and cloves in a blender until smooth. Cook onion in a large skillet over medium-high heat, stirring occasionally, until sweet and charred (you want more char than "caramelization"), 8–10 minutes. Add garlic and cook, stirring occasionally, until golden brown and fragrant, about 3 min <END>
INPUT: Asian, canola oil, shrimp, cornstarch, sugar, low sodium soy
OUTPUT: TITLE: Shrimp with Garlic Sauce | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups canola oil; 1 pound large shrimp, peeled and deveined; 1/2 cup cornstarch; 2 tablespoons brown sugar; 1/4 cup low-sodium soy sauce; 1 tablespoon rice vinegar; 1 cup vegetable broth; 1 1/2 tablespoons cornstarch; 2 tablespoons canola oil; 1/2 medium onion, sliced; 3 tablespoons chopped garlic; 1 tablespoon chopped ginger; 1/2 red bell pepper, chopped; 2 cups broccoli florets, blanched; 1 (8-ounce) can water chestnuts, drained | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. For the shrimp: Heat the oil until it reaches 360 degrees F in wok or large skillet over medium-high heat. Dredge the raw shrimp in the cornstarch. Fry in batches, so as not to overcrowd the pan, until their exteriors crisp up, about 4 to 5 minutes. With a slotted spoon, remove the shrimp from the oil and put them onto a paper towel-lined plate to drain. For the sauce: In a small bowl, whisk together the brown sugar, soy sauce, vinegar, vegetable broth and cornstarch. Set the bowl aside. Heat the canola oil in a wok or large skillet over high heat. Add the onions <END>
INPUT: raspberry, cake, all purpose flour, baking soda, orange zest, cinnamon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Raspberry Pound Cake with Vin Santo Cream | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Pound cake; 1 1/2 cups all-purpose flour, plus more for dusting the loaf pan; 1 teaspoon baking soda; 2 teaspoons orange zest (from 1 medium orange); 1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1 1/3 cups sugar; 1/2 cup (1 stick) unsalted butter, at room temperature, plus more for greasing loaf pan; 3 eggs; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; 1 (10-ounce) bag sweetened, frozen raspberries, thawed and drained; 1 cup heavy whipping cream; 1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract; 3 tablespoons powdered sugar; 3 tablespoons Vin Santo wine or Moscato wine | INSTRUCTIONS: To make the Raspberry Pound Cake: Set an oven rack in the lower 1/3 of the oven and preheat to 350 degrees F. Grease and flour a 9 by 5 by3-inch loaf pan. In a medium bowl, combine the flour, baking soda, orange zest, cinnamon, and salt. Whisk to combine. In a separate bowl, using an electric mixer, cream together the sugar and butter until blended, about 30 seconds. With the machine running, add the eggs 1 at a time. Add the vanilla extract. Add the dry ingredients, a small amount at a time, until just incorporated. Using a rubber spatula, fold the drained raspberries evenly into the batter.  <END>
INPUT: terrine, powdered gelatin, duck stock, apple cider vinegar, Sea salt, duck breasts
OUTPUT: TITLE: Terrine of Duck | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon powdered gelatin; 1 1/2 cups duck stock; 1/2 cup apple cider vinegar; Sea salt; 7 duck breasts; 6 large tart apples; Olive oil; Black pepper; Beet greens (enough to cover the surface of 3 half-sheet pans); 1 pint freshly squeezed orange juice | INSTRUCTIONS: Bloom the gelatin by sprinkling it over 1 cup of the duck stock in a small mixing bowl ¿ being sure to dissolve all of it. If the stock is gelatinous heat it slightly to bring it to a more watery consistency. Once the gelatin is dissolved place the bowl over a pot with simmering water in it and heat the mixture until it becomes clear. Mix in the apple cider vinegar and salt, to taste. Refrigerate until needed. Note: Depending on the richness of the stock used, the vinegar to stock ratio may need to be adjusted. The important thing is to keep the liquid (vinegar and stock) to gelatin ratio the  <END>
INPUT: filling, pears, crumbs from amaretti, egg yolk, sugar, lemon juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Baked Pears with Amaretti Filling | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 5 firm but ripe pears, peeled, halved; 2/3 cup crumbs from amaretti cookies (Italian macaroons) or almond biscotti; 1 large egg yolk; 7 tablespoons sugar; 6 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 3 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1 cup chilled whipping cream; 2 tablespoons almond liqueur | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 375°F. Butter 13x9x2-inch glass baking dish. Using melon baller or small spoon, core each pear half, leaving 1 1/2-inch-diameter cavity. Arrange 8 pear halves, cut side up, in prepared baking dish. Puree remaining 2 halves in processor. Place 1/2 cup puree in medium bowl (reserve any remaining puree for another use). Mix cookie crumbs and yolk into puree in bowl. Mound filling in pear cavities. Combine 6 tablespoons sugar, lemon juice and butter in small saucepan. Bring to boil over medium heat, stirring until sugar dissolves and butter melts. Spoon syrup over pears. Bake pears <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, pizzas, cornmeal, wine, radicchio pounds), onion, Kalamata other brine
OUTPUT: TITLE: Radicchio, Feta, and Olive Pizzas | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 4 teaspoons yellow cornmeal; 1/4 cup dry red wine; 2 large heads radicchio about 1 1/4 pounds), cores discarded, cut into 1/2-inch-thick slices; 1 large onion (about 3/4 pound), sliced thin; 16 Kalamata or other brine-cured black olives pitted and cut into strips; 2 ounces feta, crumbled (about 1/2 cup); 1 teaspoon cumin seeds; 3/4 cup warm water (110°-115°F.) plus additional tablespoon if necessary; a 1/4-ounce package (2 1/2 teaspoons) active dry yeast; 2 cups all-purpose flour; 1 1/2 teaspoons salt | INSTRUCTIONS: For pizza dough In a large bowl stir together water and yeast and let stand until foamy, about 5 minutes. Stir in flour and salt and blend until mixture forms a dough, adding additional tablespoon water if too dry. On a lightly floured surface knead dough about 10 minutes, or until smooth and elastic. (Alternatively, dough may be made in a standing electric mixer. In bowl of mixer make dough as described above. With dough hook knead dough about 5 minutes, or until smooth and elastic.) Put dough in a very lightly oiled deep bowl, turning to coat, and let rise, covered loosely, in a warm place 1 <END>
INPUT: burgers, chuck, onions, American pimento cheese, buns, Mustard
OUTPUT: TITLE: Onion Burgers | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound ground chuck; 2 onions, shaved (use a mandoline or a very sharp knife to make the thinnest possible slices); American or pimento cheese; 6 buns, split; Mustard | INSTRUCTIONS: Place a heavy skillet over medium-high heat. Leave it there for 5 minutes. Loosely gather a handful of ground beef and slip it into the pan. Repeat 6 times. The burgers should be freeform lumps. With the side of a spatula, push the burgers into a semblance of a round. After about a minute, pile on all the onions and then, with as much force as you can manage, smash the onions into the meat. Again, work the sides of the patties into a semblance of a round. Cook another minute and then flip. Season with salt. Smash the burgers again, hard. Place burger on bottom half of the bun and spread with m <END>
INPUT: Mexican, toppers, virgin olive oil, turkey breast, onion, garlic, rounded chili powder
OUTPUT: TITLE: Turkey Chipotle Chili with Pepper Jack Cheese Corn Cake Toppers | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, corn oil or vegetable oil; 2 pounds ground turkey breast; 1 medium onion, chopped; 3 cloves garlic, chopped; 1 rounded tablespoon chili powder, a palm full; 2 chipotles in adobo, chopped, found on Spanish/Mexican foods aisle or, 1/2 cup hot chipotle salsa may be substituted; Salt; 1 cup Mexican beer; 2 cups chicken stock; 1 (28-ounce) can chopped stewed tomatoes; 1 can red kidney beans, drained; 1 (8 1/2-ounce) package corn muffin mix (recommended: Jiffy Mix) prepared to directions on box for corn cakes; 1 1/2 cups shredded pepper jack cheese, 8 ounces; 2 tablespoons butter | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat deep skillet or wide pot over medium high heat. Add oil and turkey. Crumble meat as it cooks, 3 minutes. Add the onions and garlic, chili powder, and chipotle. Cook another 5 minutes. Season with salt. Add beer and cook another minute, stirring to loosen any bits from the bottom of the pan. Add the stock, tomatoes, and beans and bring to a bubble. Reduce heat and simmer 10 minutes. Heat a nonstick griddle pan over medium high heat. Mix batter and cheese together. Rub grill with butter, nesting the butter in a paper towel to hold on to it. Ladle the batter to make 3-inch cheese and corn ca <END>
INPUT: vinaigrette, wine, water, sea scallops, cultivated mussels
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lobster, Scallops, and Mussels with Tomato Garlic Vinaigrette | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 (1 1/2-pound) live lobsters; 1/2 cup dry white wine; 2 1/2 cups water; 1 1/2 pounds sea scallops, tough ligament removed from side of each if attached and scallops halved horizontally if large; 2 pound cultivated mussels, scrubbed well and beards removed; 2/3 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 3 garlic cloves, finely chopped; 5 tablespoons white-wine vinegar; 1 pound grape tomatoes, halved | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring an 8- to 10-quart pot of water to a boil, then plunge 2 lobsters headfirst into water and boil, covered, 6 minutes from time they enter water. Transfer with tongs to a shallow baking pan to cool, then boil remaining 2 lobsters. When lobsters are cool enough to handle, twist off tails, claws, and knuckles and remove meat, discarding bodies and shells. Cut tail meat crosswise into 1-inch-thick slices. Put lobster meat in a large bowl. Bring wine, water, and 1/2 teaspoon salt to a simmer in a wide heavy medium pot. Add scallops and poach at a bare simmer, uncovered, until scallops are just  <END>
INPUT: Italian, broccoli rabe, olive oil, garlic, pepper flakes, oil anchovy fillets
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spicy Broccoli Rabe with Parmesan and Pine Nuts | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 2 pounds broccoli rabe (about 2 bunches) trimmed and sliced into 2-inch pieces; 3 tablespoons olive oil; 4 garlic cloves, thinly sliced crosswise; 1/2 to 3/4 teaspoon red pepper flakes; 4 oil-packed anchovy fillets; 1 teaspoon kosher salt, plus more for blanching; 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 2 tablespoons lemon juice; 1 ounce parmesan, shaved in strips using a peeler (1/2 cup curls); 1/4 cup toasted pine nuts | INSTRUCTIONS: Fill a large pot with salted water and bring to boil over high heat. Fill a large bowl with ice water. Add the rabe to the boiling water and cook until bright green, about 2 minutes. Drain and submerge in bowl of ice water until cool, about 2 minutes. Drain and set aside. In a large skillet over medium heat, add the olive oil. Add the garlic, red pepper flakes, and anchovies, stirring and breaking up the anchovies with a wooden spoon. Cook until garlic is fragrant and light golden in color, 1 minute. Add the rabe to the pan with any residual water. Cook, tossing occasionally, until the mixture <END>
INPUT: Asian, cocktail, pomegranate juice, sugar, slice ginger, orange juice, Cointreau other orange
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pomegranate-Ginger Champagne Cocktail | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup pomegranate juice; 1 tablespoon sugar; 1 1/4-inch-thick slice fresh ginger; 4 tablespoons fresh orange juice; 1 teaspoon Cointreau or other orange liqueur; 1 750-ml bottle brut Champagne, well chilled | INSTRUCTIONS: Boil first 3 ingredients in heavy small saucepan until syrup is reduced to 1/3 cup, stirring often, about 10 minutes. Cool. Pour 4 teaspoons pomegranate syrup, 1 tablespoon orange juice, and 1/4 teaspoon Cointreau into each of four 6-ounce Champagne flutes. Fill each with 2/3 cup Champagne. Boil first 3 ingredients in heavy small saucepan until syrup is reduced to 1/3 cup, stirring often, about 10 minutes. Cool. Pour 4 teaspoons pomegranate syrup, 1 tablespoon orange juice, and 1/4 teaspoon Cointreau into each of four 6-ounce Champagne flutes. Fill each with 2/3 cup Champagne. <END>
INPUT: meshugana, vanilla infused vodka, coconut rum, egg, coconut creme, vanilla extract
OUTPUT: TITLE: Meshugana Macaroon | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 ounces vanilla-infused vodka, recipe follows; 1 1/2 ounces coconut rum; 1 teaspoon egg white; 1 1/2 ounces coconut creme; Splash vanilla extract; Ice; Chocolate sauce, for garnish; Macaroon cookie, for garnish; 3 vanilla beans; 6 ounces (3/4 cup) vodka | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine the vodka, rum, coconut creme, egg white, vanilla extract, and ice together in a cocktail shaker and shake to incorporate. Place the chocolate sauce in a plate. Rim the glass in the chocolate sauce and garnish with the macaroon cookie. In a tall glass container, combine the vanilla beans and vodka. Cover and steep for 3 days. <END>
INPUT: bread, leblanc, broccoli, all purpose flour, cornmeal, double acting baking, eggs
OUTPUT: TITLE: Broccoli Cheddar Corn Bread Leblanc | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 cups coarsely chopped broccoli (about 10 ounces); 1 cup all-purpose flour; 1 cup yellow cornmeal; 4 teaspoons double-acting baking powder; 4 large eggs, beaten lightly; 1 cup finely chopped onion; 2 cups grated extra-sharp Cheddar; 1 stick (1/2 cup) unsalted butter, cut into bits | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large saucepan of boiling salted water blanch the broccoli for 2 minutes, drain it well, and pat it dry between several thicknesses of paper towels. In a bowl whisk together the flour, the cornmeal, the baking powder, and salt and pepper to taste, add the eggs, and whisk the mixture until it is just combined. (The batter will be very thick.) Stir in the onion, the broccoli, and the Cheddar. In a 9-inch square baking pan heat the butter in a preheated 400°F. oven until it is hot but not smoking, spoon the batter into the pan, spreading it evenly, and bake the corn bread in the middle of th <END>
INPUT: American, mousse, bittersweet chocolate, cherries, cherry preserves, almond extract, vegetable oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: White Chocolate-Cherry Mousse Pie | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 3 ounces bittersweet chocolate (do not exceed 61% cacao), chopped; 1 pound fresh cherries, pitted, halved; 1/2 cup cherry preserves; 1/4 teaspoon almond extract; Nonstick vegetable oil spray; 6 ounces chocolate wafer cookies (about 25 wafers), coarsely broken; 2 tablespoons sugar; Pinch of salt; 5 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted; 2 tablespoons water; 1 1/2 teaspoons unflavored gelatin; 1 1/2 cups heavy whipping cream, divided; 6 ounces high-quality white chocolate (such as Lindt or Perugina), chopped; 1 1/2 cups coarsely chopped pitted fresh cherries (about 9 ounces); 1/3 cup egg whites, room temperature | INSTRUCTIONS: For dark chocolate shards: Stir chocolate in medium metal bowl set over saucepan of simmering water until melted and smooth. Remove bowl. Place sheet of waxed paper on work surface. Pour chocolate onto paper. Working quickly and using offset spatula, spread chocolate in thin layer over paper into 10x10-inch square. Place second sheet of waxed paper over, pressing to release most air bubbles. Roll paper up tightly into 3/4-inch-wide roll and chill until set, about 2 hours. DO AHEAD: Can be made 5 days ahead. Wrap in plastic and keep chilled. Stir chocolate in medium metal bowl set over saucepan <END>
INPUT: Asian, Canola oil, chicken wing, plum jelly, soy sauce, rice wine vinegar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Asian Hot Wings | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: Canola oil, for frying; 24 chicken wing parts (12 wings separated into 2 pieces); 3/4 cup plum jelly; 1/4 cup soy sauce; 1/4 cup rice wine vinegar; 1/4 cup brown sugar; 2 tablespoons minced fresh ginger; 2 tablespoons minced red onion; 1 tablespoon minced garlic; 1 tablespoon red pepper flakes (less of you'd like less heat!); 3 to 4 assorted hot peppers (serranos, jalapenos, and so on), minced fine; Thinly sliced (julienne) carrots and cucumber, for serving | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Heat 3 inches of canola oil in a heavy pot to 375 degrees F. Add half the chicken wing parts to the oil and fry them until they're golden brown and fully cooked, 5 to 7 minutes. Remove and drain on paper towels. Repeat with the other half of the wing parts. Add the plum jelly to a bowl. Then stir in the soy sauce and rice wine vinegar. Add the brown sugar, ginger, red onions, garlic, red pepper flakes and hot peppers. Stir to combine, and then pour it into a saucepan and bring to a boil over medium-high heat. Reduce the heat to medium-low and cook the sauce u <END>
INPUT: roast, Salt, chestnut puree, veal demi glace
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roast Turkey with Chestnut Stuffing | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 (10 pound) turkey; Salt, white pepper; 1 pound chestnut puree; 1 tablespoon veal demi-glace; Salt, black pepper; 2 tablespoons butter, softened; Clarified butter; 1 medium onion, diced; 2 ounces lean bacon; 3 tablespoons parsley, chopped; Salt, black pepper; 2 pounds ground pork; 1 egg; Turkey neck (1/2 pound meat), finely chopped; 1 medium onion, finely sliced | INSTRUCTIONS: Mix the chestnut puree with the veal demi-glace. When smooth season with salt and pepper and add the softened butter.; Place 3 tablespoons clarified butter into a frying pan and add diced onion. Saute lightly. Cut bacon into fine strips and add to the onions. Fry together for 1 minute. Remove from the heat and place into a bowl with the chopped parsley. Season with salt and pepper and add the ground pork. Combine ingredients with an egg and mix well.; Place the onion into some of the clarified butter in a saucepan and allow to fry. Add the chopped turkey neck and brown. Add the water, bay leav <END>
INPUT: Asian, salad, mayonnaise, lemon juice, turmeric, mustard
OUTPUT: TITLE: Creamy Tofu Salad | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1 (14-oz) package firm tofu, rinsed and drained; 1/2 cup mayonnaise; 1 teaspoon fresh lemon juice; 1 teaspoon turmeric; 1/2 teaspoon dry mustard; 2 celery ribs, finely chopped; 1/4 cup chopped fresh chives; 1/2 teaspoon salt, or to taste; 1/4 teaspoon black pepper, or to taste; Accompaniments: sandwich bread; lettuce leaves; sliced tomato | INSTRUCTIONS: Finely mash tofu with a fork in a bowl, then let drain in a sieve set over another bowl, about 15 minutes (discard liquid). While tofu drains, whisk together mayonnaise, lemon juice, turmeric, and mustard in bowl, then stir in tofu, celery, chives, salt, and pepper. Finely mash tofu with a fork in a bowl, then let drain in a sieve set over another bowl, about 15 minutes (discard liquid). While tofu drains, whisk together mayonnaise, lemon juice, turmeric, and mustard in bowl, then stir in tofu, celery, chives, salt, and pepper. <END>
INPUT: chips, Olive oil, cumin, Coarse salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pita Chips | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 (6-inch) whole wheat pitas; Olive oil spray; 1/4 teaspoon ground cumin; Coarse salt and freshly ground pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Cut each pita into 8 pieces. Lightly spray the pita with olive oil. Sprinkle with cumin and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Place on a baking sheet and bake until crisp, shaking the pan halfway through cooking, about 10 to 15 minutes. <END>
INPUT: fondue, tomatoes, garlic, unsalted butter, wine, cornstarch
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cheddar Tomato Fondue | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2/3 cup finely chopped drained canned tomatoes; 2 garlic cloves, lightly crushed; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 3 tablespoons dry white wine; 1 tablespoon cornstarch; 12 ounces Cheddar, coarsely grated (3 cups); Accompaniment: cubes of French bread | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook tomatoes and garlic in butter in a 4-quart heavy saucepan over moderately low heat, stirring occasionally, until most of liquid is evaporated, about 5 minutes. Stir together wine and cornstarch in a small bowl, then stir into tomatoes and simmer gently, stirring, 1 minute. Discard garlic. Add Cheddar by handfuls, stirring until completely melted. Serve in a fondue pot set over a flame. <END>
INPUT: goodness, egg yolks, sugar, Guinness Draught, heavy cream, high quality bittersweet
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate Guinness Goodness | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 8 large egg yolks; 1 cup sugar; One 14.9-ounce can Guinness Draught; 3 cups heavy cream; 7 ounces high-quality bittersweet (70 to 72% cacao) chocolate, finely chopped; Special equipment: Six 8-ounce old-fashioned glasses | INSTRUCTIONS: In large nonreactive mixing bowl, whisk together egg yolks and sugar. Open can of Guinness and slowly pour into 4-cup measuring cup, pouring down side of cup to reduce foaming. Pour half of Guinness (about 7/8 cup) into heavy-bottomed 3-quart saucepan. Add 2 1/4 cups cream and whisk to combine. Set over medium heat and heat, whisking occasionally, until bubbles just begin to form at edges. Remove from heat, add chocolate, and whisk until smooth. Slowly pour hot chocolate mixture into eggs, whisking constantly to prevent curdling. Return mixture to saucepan and set over moderately low heat. Coo <END>
INPUT: whole, salt, lemon juice, light virgin olive, Aromatic Herbs, Mediterranean branzino
OUTPUT: TITLE: Whole Branzino Roasted in Sea Salt with Aromatic Herbs | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 teaspoons salt; 1 tablespoon lemon juice; 3 teaspoons light extra-virgin olive oil; 1/2 teaspoon dried Aromatic Herbs, recipe follows; 1 Mediterranean branzino (about 2 pounds); 6 egg whites; 4 tablespoons all-purpose flour; 3 pounds sea salt; 3 1/2 teaspoons dried Aromatic Herbs; 1 teaspoon chopped dried parsley; 1 teaspoon chopped dried tarragon; 1/2 teaspoon chopped dried rosemary; 1 teaspoon chopped dried dill; 1/2 teaspoon chopped dried thyme | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: 1 sheet parchment paper Serving suggestions: Steamed vegetables and plain mashed potatoes To make the vinaigrette sauce: In a small bowl, mix together salt and lemon juice, and then add the olive oil. When it comes time to serve, mix the aromatic herb mixture into the sauce, see Cook's note*. Preheat oven to 425 degrees F. Clean and dry the branzino. In a bowl, mix egg whites, flour, sea salt, and the aromatic herbs, creating a smooth mixture. Line the bottom of a baking pan with the parchment paper. Place the branzino onto the parchment paper. Cover the entire branzino (top <END>
INPUT: minnesota, bread, wild rice, water, yeast, milk
OUTPUT: TITLE: Minnesota Wild Rice Bread | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup wild rice, raw; 2 cups water; 1 package dry yeast; 1/3 cup warm water; 2 cups milk, scalded; 2 tablespoons butter, melted; 1/2 cup honey; 2 teaspoon salt; 1/2 cup rolled oats, uncooked; 1/2 cup rye flour; 1 1/2 cups whole-wheat flour; 1/2 cup bran; 3 1/2 cups unbleached flour, plus 1 cup, as needed; 1 egg, beaten; 1 tablespoon water | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring water to a boil in a small saucepan. Add rice to boiling water and cover. Cook over very low heat until water is absorbed and rice is tender. Cool. Preheat oven to 375 degrees F. Stir yeast into 1/3 cup warm water and let stand 5 minutes. Stir together milk, butter, honey, salt and oats. Add cooled wild rice to milk mixture. Stir together rye flour, whole-wheat flour, bran and 3 1/2 cups of the unbleached flour, using a wooden spoon. Stir in milk and yeast mixture until soft dough forms. Add more of the unbleached flour as needed. Turn the dough out onto a floured board and knead until s <END>
INPUT: Mexican, salsa, bell peppers, water, virgin olive oil, balsamic vinegar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Sirloin Steaks with Pepper and Caper Salsa | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2 red bell peppers; 2 yellow bell peppers; 1 tablespoon water; 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 3 tablespoons balsamic vinegar; 1/4 cup capers, rinsed and drained; 3 tablespoons chopped fresh flat-leaf parsley; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 4 (8-ounce) boneless sirloin steaks, about 1-inch thick; 2 teaspoons smoked salt or kosher salt; 2 teaspoons herbs de Provence; Olive oil, for drizzling | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Salsa: Put a grill pan over medium-high heat or preheat a gas or charcoal grill. Grill the peppers on all sides until charred, about 10 minutes. Put them in a bowl with 1 tablespoon water. Cover the bowl with a lid or plastic wrap for 30 minutes. Remove the charred skin, core and seeds from the peppers. Cut the flesh into 1/4-inch thick strips and put them in a small bowl. In a separate bowl whisk together the olive oil, balsamic vinegar, capers, and parsley until smooth. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Pour the mixture over the peppers and toss until coat <END>
INPUT: American, boulders, chocolate sandwich cookies, toffee bar, chocolate candies, chocolate peanut butter, good quality vanilla
OUTPUT: TITLE: Ice Cream "Boulders" | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound chocolate sandwich cookies; 1 pound toffee bar (recommended: heath bars); 1 pound chocolate candies (recommended: M&M's); 1 pound chocolate peanut butter candies (recommended: Reese's Pieces); 1/2 gallon good-quality vanilla ice cream; 3/4 cup sugar; 1/4 cup water; 4 tablespoons butter; 3/4 cup heavy cream | INSTRUCTIONS: Grind the cookies, toffee bars, chocolate candies, and chocolate peanut butter candies separately (not too fine) in a food processor and spread them out onto 4 plates. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper or waxed paper. Using a large ice cream scoop, scoop out a big, round "boulder" of ice cream and use 2 forks to roll it in one or more of the ground toppings to cover. Carefully transfer the "boulder", with the forks, to the prepared baking sheet. Continue to make as many "boulders" as you can. Cover the baking sheet with plastic and put it in the freezer while you make the sauce. Combine <END>
INPUT: icebox, cake, loosely mint leaves, sugar, unsweetened cocoa powder, heavy cream, chocolate wafers
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate Mint Icebox Cake | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/3 cup loosely packed fresh mint leaves, rinsed, spun dry, and chopped fine, plus, if desired, mint sprigs for garnish; 3 tablespoons sugar; 1 tablespoon unsweetened cocoa powder; 1 cup heavy cream, chilled; a 9-ounce package chocolate wafers | INSTRUCTIONS: In a bowl of an electric mixer combine the mint leaves, the sugar, the cocoa powder, and the cream, beat the mixture until it holds soft peaks, and spread about 1 mounded teaspoon of it on one side of each wafer. On a platter sandwich the wafers together on their sides to form a log and ice the log with the remaining cream mixture, covering it completely. Chill the cake, covered loosely with plastic wrap, for at least 6 hours or overnight. Cut the cake diagonally into 3/4-inch-thick slices and serve it garnished with the mint sprigs. In a bowl of an electric mixer combine the mint leaves, the  <END>
INPUT: citrus, tangerines, garlic, Thai bird chili, rosemary, thyme
OUTPUT: TITLE: Citrus-Marinated Grilled Turkey | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 tangerines, clementines, or oranges; 1 head garlic, halved; 1 red Thai bird chili, chopped (optional); 4 sprigs fresh rosemary; 4 sprigs fresh thyme; 1 tablespoon whole black peppercorns; Extra-virgin olive oil; 1 (12 to 14 pound) free-range, organic turkey; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Put all the marinade ingredients into a bowl and pour over a generous amount of olive oil. Squeeze everything together with your hands to blend all the flavors. Have the butcher cut the turkey into 4 pieces and remove the bones from the breast. (Save the neck and backbone for the gravy.) To marinate, put the turkey on a large platter and pour on the marinade; turn the turkey over in the marinade to make sure it is well coated on both sides. Cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate for at least 2 hours or overnight. Remove the turkey from the refrigerator about 1/2 <END>
INPUT: American, cheese, virgin olive oil, onion fig jam, Taleggio Italian Fontina, escarole
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Cheese with Onion Jam, Taleggio, and Escarole | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 4 (1/2-inch-thick) center slices sourdough bread (from a 9- to 10-inch round); 4 teaspoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1 1/2 tablespoons onion or fig jam; 12 to 14 ounces chilled Taleggio or Italian Fontina, sliced; 1/4 pound escarole, center ribs discarded and leaves cut crosswise into 1-inch pieces (about 2 cups) | INSTRUCTIONS: Brush 1 side of bread slices with oil and arrange, oil sides down, on a work surface. Spread jam on 2 slices of bread and divide cheese between remaining 2 slices. Mound escarole on top of cheese and season with salt and pepper, then assemble sandwiches. Heat a dry 12-inch heavy skillet (not nonstick) over medium-low heat until hot. Cook sandwiches, turning once and pressing with a spatula to compact, until bread is golden-brown and cheese is melted, 6 to 8 minutes total. Brush 1 side of bread slices with oil and arrange, oil sides down, on a work surface. Spread jam on 2 slices of bread and d <END>
INPUT: jelly, trimmed rhubarb, water, sugar, wine vinegar, rosemary leaves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Rhubarb Rosemary Jelly | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound trimmed rhubarb; 1 3/4 cups water; 3 1/4 cups sugar; 1/3 cup white-wine vinegar; 3 tablespoons chopped fresh rosemary leaves; two 1/4-ounce envelopes unflavored gelatin; Special equipment:sterilized jars and lids | INSTRUCTIONS: Cut enough rhubarb crosswise into 1/2-inch slices to measure 3 cups. In a 4-quart kettle bring rhubarb, 1 1/2 cups water, sugar, vinegar, and rosemary to a boil and simmer 15 minutes (rhubarb will disintegrate). While rhubarb is simmering, in a small bowl sprinkle gelatin over remaining 1/4 cup water and let soften 1 minute. Remove kettle from heat and stir gelatin mixture into rhubarb mixture until gelatin is just dissolved. Pour mixture through a fine sieve into a large bowl, gently pressing on solids, and discard solids. Skim off any foam and immediately pour jelly into sterilized jars, fil <END>
INPUT: Mexican, salad, chicken broth, water, long grain rice, bay leaves, beans
OUTPUT: TITLE: Black Bean and Rice Salad | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2 14 1/2-ounce cans chicken broth; 1/2 cup water; 1 1-pound package long-grain rice; 2 bay leaves; 2 15-ounce cans black beans, drained, rinsed; 2 red bell peppers, diced; 1 green bell pepper, diced; 1 medium red onion, diced; 1 medium bunch fresh cilantro, chopped; 1/2 cup olive oil; 3 tablespoons orange juice; 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar; 2 teaspoons ground cumin; 1 teaspoon chili powder; Lettuce leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring chicken broth and water to boil in heavy large saucepan. Add rice and bay leaves. Bring to boil. Reduce heat to low, cover and cook until liquid is absorbed, about 20 minutes. Transfer rice to large bowl and fluff with fork. Mix in black beans, bell peppers, red onion, chopped cilantro, oil, orange juice, vinegar, cumin and chili powder. Season salad to taste with salt and pepper. (Can be prepared 1 day ahead. Cover and refrigerate.) Line platter with lettuce leaves. Mound salad on platter. Garnish with fresh cilantro sprigs and serve. Bring chicken broth and water to boil in heavy large <END>
INPUT: salad, onions, sour cream, mayonnaise, wine vinegar, Dijon mustard
OUTPUT: TITLE: Red, White, and Blue Potato Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup chopped green onions, divided; 1 cup sour cream; 1/2 cup mayonnaise; 1/4 cup white wine vinegar; 4 teaspoons Dijon mustard; 2 teaspoons sugar; 2 teaspoons salt; 1 teaspoon ground black pepper; 1 pound unpeeled small or baby red-skinned potatoes; 1 pound small purple or blue potatoes, peeled; 1 pound unpeeled small white creamer or White Rose potatoes; 2 cups cooked fresh peas, or one 10-ounce package frozen, thawed; 1 1/2 cups crumbled blue cheese (about 6 ounces); Paprika | INSTRUCTIONS: Whisk 1/2 cup green onions and next 7 ingredients in medium bowl. Cover and chill dressing. Do ahead: Can be made 1 day ahead. Keep chilled. Place all potatoes in large saucepan. Add enough water to cover by 1 inch. Sprinkle with salt. Bring to boil, reduce heat to medium, and boil until tender, 10 to 15 minutes (time will vary depending on size and variety of potatoes). Drain and cool to room temperature. Cut potatoes into 1/2-inch-thick slices and place in large bowl. Add dressing, peas, and blue cheese; toss gently. Cover and chill at least 2 hours and up to 1 day. Sprinkle potato salad wit <END>
INPUT: Mexican, fool, Peel juice lime, sugar, water, heavy cream
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lime Fool | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: Peel and juice of 1 lime; 1 cup sugar; 1/4 cup water; 1 pint heavy cream; 1 1/4 cups sugar; 1/3 cup corn syrup; 1/4 cup water; Chocolate chips for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Sugar sticks: Thoroughly oil a sheet pan. In a small saucepan bring sugar, corn syrup and water to a boil. Cook until mixture reaches the hard crack stage (295 to 310 degrees F). Remove pan from heat. Being careful (caramelized sugar can cause a very bad burn) quickly spoon large swirls onto prepared sheet pan. Allow to cool completely. Release swirls from pan. Store in a cool dry place. In a small saucepan combine lime juice and peel, sugar and water. Bring to a boil and reduce to approximately 1 cup. Allow to cool, cover and refrigerate syrup overnight. Strain out peel and pulp of lime. Whip <END>
INPUT: Italian, risotto, olive oil, onion, bay leaves, vegetable stock
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pumpkin Risotto with Amarone Sauce | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1 small onion, finely chopped; 1 (3/4 to 1 pound) pumpkin, peeled and chopped into bite-sized pieces; 2 fresh bay leaves; 3 cups vegetable stock, plus 1 cup vegetable stock; 1 1/2 cups arborio rice; 3 tablespoons freshly grated Parmesan; 1 tablespoon butter; Sea salt; Freshly ground black pepper; 1 recipe Amarone sauce, recipe follows; 2 cups Amarone wine; Kosher salt; 1 teaspoon sugar; 1 bay leaf | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large heavy-bottomed pot, heat olive oil and then add the onions. Gently fry until soft and translucent. Add the pumpkin, bay leaves and 1 cup of the vegetable stock. Bring to a simmer and cover. Steam over low heat for 15 to 20 minutes. Add a tablespoon of remaining stock to the pumpkin base and mash it down into a puree using the back of a wooden spoon or spatula. In a large, heavy-bottomed pan, heat some olive oil and add the rice. Add the remaining stock and cook for 12 minutes with the lid on until the stock has been absorbed, the rice is al dente, and has a lovely creamy consistency <END>
INPUT: Italian, cheesecake, amaretti, ricotta at minutes, eggs at minutes, sugar, all purpose flour
OUTPUT: TITLE: Ricotta Cheesecake | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons finely crushed amaretti (crisp Italian macaroons) or plain fine dry bread crumbs; 2 pounds fresh ricotta at room temperature 30 minutes; 6 large eggs at room temperature 30 minutes; 2/3 cup sugar; 1/4 cup all-purpose flour; 1 1/2 teaspoons grated lemon zest; 4 teaspoons fresh lemon juice; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/2 teaspoon pure vanilla extract; 1/4 teaspoon cinnamon; Equipment: an 8-inch springform pan | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 325°F with rack in lower third. Lightly butter pan and coat with cookie crumbs, leaving any loose crumbs distributed over bottom of pan. Whisk together remaining ingredients and pour into crust. Bake until puffed and golden but center is still slightly wobbly, about 1 1/2 hours. Cool in pan on a rack (cake will sink a little). Serve cheesecake warm or at room temperature. Preheat oven to 325°F with rack in lower third. Lightly butter pan and coat with cookie crumbs, leaving any loose crumbs distributed over bottom of pan. Whisk together remaining ingredients and pour into crust <END>
INPUT: Mexican, scented, cilantro Italian parsley, olive oil, Juice limes lime, onion, cumin
OUTPUT: TITLE: Marinated Cumin-Scented Butterflied Pork | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup fresh cilantro or Italian parsley leaves; 1/4 cup olive oil; Juice of 3 limes or 1/3 cup lime juice; 1 small onion finely chopped; 1 teaspoon ground cumin; 1 1/2 pounds boneless pork loin, trimmed of all fat and butterflied; Salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the broiler or a grill. In a food processor or blender, process the cilantro or parsley, olive oil, lime juice, onion and cumin until smooth. With a sharp knife, make many shallow slashes across both surfaces of the pork. Pour half the cilantro mixture over the pork, spreading it evenly over the meat and working it into the slashes. Flip the pork over and repeat the procedure on the other side. If you have time, let the pork marinate to pick up flavors. Otherwise, place it on a broiler pan and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Broil 3 inches from the heat source for 10 minutes. Flip the m <END>
INPUT: salad, virgin olive oil, salt, pepper, frisee
OUTPUT: TITLE: Halibut and Chickpea Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 (6-ounce) halibut steak; 2 teaspoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 1 head frisee, chopped; 1 cup arugula, chopped; 10 cherry tomatoes, halved; 1 (15-ounce) can chickpeas (garbanzo beans); 1 fennel bulb, stalk removed, halved, and thinly sliced; 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 1 lemon, juiced; 2 teaspoons honey; 1 teaspoon ground cumin; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. For the halibut: Place a grill pan over medium-high heat. Brush the halibut with olive oil and season both sides with salt and pepper. Grill until cooked through, about 4 minutes per side. Let the fish rest for a few minutes then cut into 1-inch cubes. For the salad: In a large bowl, combine the frisee, arugula, tomatoes, chickpeas, and fennel. In a small bowl mix together the olive oil, lemon juice, honey, cumin, salt, and pepper. Drizzle the olive oil mixture over the salad and toss to combine. Top with fish and serve. <END>
INPUT: American, freezer, sifted all purpose, salt, sugar, ice water
OUTPUT: TITLE: Freezer Apple Pie | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 4 1/2 cups sifted all-purpose flour, plus extra for rolling; 2 teaspoons salt; 2 teaspoons sugar; 12 ounces (3 sticks) cold unsalted butter, cut into pieces; 1/2 cup ice water (strain out the ice just before using); 2 teaspoons red wine vinegar; 1/2 cup sugar; 4 tablespoons butter; 1/8 teaspoon salt; 1/4 teaspoon cinnamon; 1/8 teaspoon nutmeg; 8 Granny Smith apples, peeled, cored, and thickly sliced; 1/4 cup Southern Comfort; 1 1/2 tablespoons cornstarch; 1 tablespoon heavy cream | INSTRUCTIONS: To make the crust: In a mixer fitted with a paddle attachment, mix the 4 1/2 cups flour, salt, and sugar for 1 minute. Add the butter and mix just until it's a crumbly, sandy mixture. The pieces of butter should still be visable. In a small bowl, stir the water and vinegar together. With the mixer running at medium speed, drizzle in the water-vinegar mixture and mix just until a dough forms. Again, the bits of butter should be visable. Turn the dough out onto a work surface, divide the dough in half, and shape it into 2 round, flat disks. Wrap them separately in plastic wrap and refrigerate at <END>
INPUT: leeks, Kosher salt, sugar snap peas, virgin olive oil, pancetta, leek
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sugar Snap Peas With Leeks and Pancetta | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Kosher salt; 1 1/2 pounds sugar snap peas, strings removed; 1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil; 2 ounces pancetta, diced; 1 large leek (white and light green parts only), halved lengthwise and sliced; 2 cloves garlic, thinly sliced; Pinch of red pepper flakes; 1 tablespoon white wine vinegar; Freshly ground pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add the peas and cook until bright green and crisp-tender, about 5 minutes. Drain and run under cold water until the peas cool to room temperature; pat dry. Heat the olive oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Add the pancetta and cook, stirring, until golden, about 5 minutes. Add the leek, garlic and red pepper flakes and cook, stirring, until the leek is soft, about 3 more minutes. Transfer to a large bowl. Add the peas and 1/2 teaspoon salt and toss. Add the vinegar, season with salt and pepper, and toss again. Serve at room temperature. Tip:  <END>
INPUT: popovers, eggs, milk, flour, salt, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Popovers with Peach Butter | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 eggs; 1 cup milk; 1 cup flour; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 1 tablespoon sugar; 2 tablespoons butter, melted; Peach butter (recipe follows); 1/2 cup cut up peaches, fresh or frozen; 1 tablespoon orange juice; 1 tablespoon sugar; 1/2 pound salted butter | INSTRUCTIONS: In a bowl whisk together the eggs and milk. Add the flour, salt and sugar and whisk to blend in well. Whisk in the melted butter. Grease 2 mini muffin pans well or 1 popover mold. Fill cups half full with batter. Bake at 450 degrees for 10 minutes then turn the oven down to 350 degrees and bake for another 10 to15 minutes till until puffed and golden brown. They will be hollow in the center. Peach Butter: In a small saucepan, bring the peaches, orange juice and sugar to a boil. Turn down the heat and continue cooking until the peaches are tender and cooked down to a jam-like consistency. Let c <END>
INPUT: Asian, chinese, barbecued, hoisin sauce, ketchup, soy sauce, garlic, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chinese Barbecued Pork with Garlic Sauce | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon hoisin sauce; 1 tablespoon ketchup; 1 tablespoon soy sauce; 2 teaspoons minced garlic; 1/2 teaspoon sugar; 3/4-pound pork tenderloin; 2 tablespoons soy sauce; 1 1/2 tablespoons minced garlic; 1 teaspoon rice vinegar; 1 teaspoon sugar; 1 teaspoon Asian chili oil, or 1 teaspoon Asian sesame oil plus Tabasco to taste; 1/4 cup fresh coriander leaves, washed well, spun dry, and torn | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. and line a shallow baking pan with foil. In a small bowl whisk together hoisin sauce, ketchup, soy sauce, garlic, and sugar. Put pork tenderloin in baking pan and coat with hoisin sauce mixture. Roast pork in middle of oven 35 to 40 minutes, or until a meat thermometer inserted in center registers 160 degrees F. Cool pork completely in baking pan. In a small bowl stir together sauce ingredients until sugar is dissolved. Transfer pork to a cutting board and with a knife held at a 45 degree angle cut meat across grain into thin slices. Arrange pork, overlapping sli <END>
INPUT: Mexican, johnny, beef, onions, granulated garlic, tomato soup
OUTPUT: TITLE: Johnny O Chili | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 5 pounds ground beef; 2 onions, chopped; 1/3 cup granulated garlic; 3/8 cup (6 tablespoons) chili powder; 54 ounces tomato soup; 54 ounces water; 9 ounces condensed crushed tomatoes; 9 ounces crushed tomatoes; 2 1/2 tablespoons ground cumin; 1 tablespoon cayenne; Cinnamon | INSTRUCTIONS: Brown the ground beef with onions, garlic, and chili powder. Mix all other ingredients in large stock pot and add browned beef mixture. Season with cinnamon, to taste. Simmer chili until flavors are incorporated. <END>
INPUT: turkey, Oil, Salt pepper taste, Paprika, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Broiled Turkey | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 1/2- to 5-pound turkey; Oil; Salt and pepper to taste; Paprika; 1 to 2 garlic cloves; Butter (optional); 1 cup white wine (optional); 1/2 cup Japanese soy sauce (optional); 3 cloves garlic finely chopped (optional); 1/4 cup oil olive oil (optional); 1 tablespoon Tabasco (optional) | INSTRUCTIONS: Only very young, fresh-killed turkeys weighing from 3 1/2 to 5 pounds broil successfully. Split the turkey and remove the breastbone and backbone. Rub well with oil, salt, pepper and paprika. A clove or two of garlic, finely chopped, may be rubbed into the skin and along the bone of the bird. This gives the turkey a delicious flavor. Adjust the broiling pan about 4 to 5 inches from the heat and boil the turkey, bone side to the heat, for approximately 25 minutes, basting occasionally with a little melted butter. Turn at the end of 25 minutes, brush with butter or olive oil, and broil until nic <END>
INPUT: cured, croutons, center cod fillet, dill, coarse salt, sugar, peppercorns
OUTPUT: TITLE: Salt Cured Cod and Roasted Garlic Croutons | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 pounds/1kg center-cut skinless cod fillet, bones removed; 2 bunches fresh dill, chopped, plus an extra handful; 1/2 cup/125ml coarse salt; 1/4 cup/60ml brown sugar; 1 tablespoon/15ml plus 1 teaspoon/5ml black peppercorns, crushed; 6 cups milk (1 1/2 liters); 2 shallots, quartered; 1 head garlic, plus 1 smashed garlic clove; 1/3 cup/80ml plus 1 tablespoon/15ml extra-virgin olive oil; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; A handful chopped fresh chives; A handful chopped fresh dill; A handful chopped fresh parsley; 1/4 cup/60ml olive oil; 2 cloves garlic, smashed | INSTRUCTIONS: For the cod and roasted garlic spread: Remove any brown parts from the cod. With a mortar and pestle, crush 2 bunches dill and mix with the coarse salt, brown sugar and 1 tablespoon peppercorns. Rub the salt mixture on the cod. Cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate for 1 hour. Bring the milk to a simmer in a saucepan over medium-low heat. Add the remaining 1 teaspoon peppercorns, the shallots and 1 smashed garlic clove. Rinse the cod to remove the excess salt mixture, then add to the saucepan and cook until flaky, about 10 minutes. Transfer the cod to a bowl and discard the milk mixture. Pre <END>
INPUT: crostini, virgin olive oil, garlic, pepper, bulb fennel, Kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Shrimp and Fennel Crostini | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Extra-virgin olive oil; 4 cloves garlic, 3 smashed and 1 whole; Pinch crushed red pepper; 1 bulb fennel, shaved thin on a Japanese mandolin and tossed with the juice of 1/2 a lemon, 1/4 cup fennel fronds, reserved; Kosher salt; 1/2 pound (21 to 25) shrimp, peeled, deveined and cut in 1/2 lengthwise; 1/2 cup dry white wine; 1 baguette, cut into 1/2 inch slices on the bias | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Coat a large saute pan with extra-virgin olive oil. Add the 3 smashed garlic cloves and the crushed red pepper and bring to a medium heat. When the garlic is brown and very aromatic remove the garlic and discard. It has fulfilled its garlic destiny. Add the fennel, season with salt, and saute for 3 to 4 minutes or until the fennel is wilted and soft but does not have any color. Add the shrimp and white wine and season with salt. Saute for 1 to 2 minutes or until the wine has evaporated. Taste for seasoning and add salt if needed. Reserve. Toast or grill each piec <END>
INPUT: French, crostini, peppercorns, Lemon Mustard Tarragon, asparagus, Olive oil, Kosher salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Crostini with Grilled Asparagus and Green Peppercorn-Tarragon Vinaigrette | CUISINE: French | INGREDIENTS: 1 teaspoon green peppercorns, drained; 1/2 cup Lemon-Mustard-Tarragon Vinaigrette, recipe follows; 1 1/2 pounds medium-thick asparagus, trimmed; Olive oil, for brushing; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; Sixteen 1-inch-thick slices Italian or French bread; Canola oil, for brushing; 4 ounces goat cheese, optional; Zest and juice of 1 large lemon; 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh tarragon; 1 teaspoon clover honey; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1/2 cup olive oil or canola oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat a charcoal or gas grill to medium-high. Whisk the green peppercorns into the vinaigrette. Set aside. Brush the asparagus with olive oil and season with salt and pepper. Grill until golden brown on all sides and crisp-tender, 4 to 5 minutes total. Remove from the grill, cut into 1- to 2-inch pieces, and toss with some of the vinaigrette. Brush the bread on one side with canola oil and season with salt and pepper. Grill, oiled-side down, until light golden brown and crisp, about 1 minute. Flip, and grill a few seconds more, just enough to warm¿the bread should still be tender when pressed.  <END>
INPUT: Italian, salad, virgin olive oil, balsamic vinegar, thyme, honey, Kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Kale Salad with Ricotta and Plums | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 4 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, divided; 3 tablespoons balsamic vinegar; 2 teaspoons chopped fresh thyme; 1 teaspoon honey; Kosher salt, freshly ground pepper; 4 medium plums, halved, pitted, thinly sliced; 12 large or 16 small curly kale leaves; 3/4 cup fresh ricotta | INSTRUCTIONS: Whisk 3 tablespoons oil, vinegar, thyme, and honey in a medium bowl. Season vinaigrette to taste with salt and pepper. Add plums and toss to coat; transfer plums to a plate. Build a medium-hot fire in a charcoal grill, or heat a gas grill to high. Brush kale leaves with remaining 1 tablespoon oil; season with salt. Grill kale, turning once, until crispy and charred at edges, about 2 minutes. Transfer to a work surface; let stand until cool enough to handle. Remove large center stems with a knife and discard (just trim the tough ends from smaller, more tender kale stems). Divide ricotta among p <END>
INPUT: Italian, handmade, pasta, hot water, virgin olive oil, salt, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Handmade Pasta with Pancetta, Cherry Tomatoes, and Herbs | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups (or more) 00 flour; 1 cup hot water, divided; 4 teaspoons plus 1/2 cup extra-virgin olive oil; Pinch of salt; 1/2 cup chopped white onion; 1/2 cup chopped pancetta (Italian bacon); 1/4 teaspoon cracked black pepper; 3 cups small cherry tomatoes, halved; 16 fresh basil leaves plus fresh sprigs for garnish; 2 teaspoons chopped fresh oregano; 1/2 cup grated Pecorino Romano cheese plus additional Romano cheese, shaved | INSTRUCTIONS: Place 2 cups flour in large bowl. Make well in center. Add 1/2 cup hot water, 4 teaspoons oil, and pinch of salt to well and stir to combine. Gradually mix flour into wet ingredients, adding remaining 1/2 cup water to form soft dough. Turn dough out onto lightly floured work surface. Knead until smooth, adding more flour if sticky, about 5 minutes. Gather dough into ball. Transfer dough to bowl, cover with plastic wrap, and let rest 1 hour at room temperature. Lightly dust large baking sheet with flour. Place dough on work surface and cut off 1/2-inch-thick slice. Roll dough between palms of h <END>
INPUT: Italian, virgin olive oil, portobello mushroom caps, pepper flakes, garlic, tomatoes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Portobello Parmesan | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil, plus more for the dish; 3 portobello mushroom caps; 1/4 teaspoon red pepper flakes; 3 cloves garlic, smashed; 1 28-ounce can diced tomatoes; 4 fresh basil leaves; Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper; 2 cups panko (Japanese breadcrumbs); 1 cup grated parmesan cheese; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley; 4 large eggs; 1 cup all-purpose flour; Peanut oil, for frying; 4 ounces buffalo mozzarella cheese, sliced | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Lightly oil a 9-by-13-inch baking dish. Scrape out the gills of the portobellos with a spoon, then halve the mushrooms horizontally to make 6 thin rounds. Heat the olive oil in a saucepan over medium-high heat. Add the red pepper flakes and garlic; cook 1 minute. Reduce the heat to low, add the tomatoes and basil and cook until the garlic is soft, about 15 more minutes. Transfer to a food processor and puree until smooth. Season with salt and pepper. Combine the panko, 1/2 cup parmesan, 1 tablespoon parsley, 1 teaspoon salt and 1/2 teaspoon pepper in a shallo <END>
INPUT: broth, beef bones, unpeeled carrots, leek, onion, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Beef Bone Broth | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 pounds beef bones, preferably a mix of marrow bones and bones with a little meat on them, such as oxtail, short ribs, or knuckle bones (cut in half ; 2 medium unpeeled carrots, cut into 2-inch pieces; 1 medium leek, end trimmed, cut into 2-inch pieces; 1 medium onion, quartered; 1 garlic head, halved crosswise; 2 celery stalks, cut into 2-inch pieces; 2 bay leaves; 2 tablespoons black peppercorns; 1 tablespoon cider vinegar; 6-quart (or larger) stockpot or a large slow cooker | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 450°F. Place beef bones, carrots, leek, onion, and garlic on a roasting pan or rimmed baking sheet and roast for 20 minutes. Toss the contents of the pan and continue to roast until deeply browned, about 20 minutes more. Fill a large (at least 6-quart) stockpot with 12 cups of water (preferably filtered) . Add celery, bay leaves, peppercorns, and vinegar. Scrape the roasted bones and vegetables into the pot along with any juices. Add more water if necessary to cover bones and vegetables. Cover the pot and bring to a gentle boil. Reduce heat to a very low simmer and cook with li <END>
INPUT: cake, Butter greasing pan, all purpose flour, almonds, sugar, egg yolks
OUTPUT: TITLE: Almond Cake with Berries | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Butter for greasing pan; 1/2 cup all-purpose flour plus additional for dusting pan; 1 cup sliced almonds (preferably with skins; 3 1/2 oz); 2/3 cup sugar; 4 large egg yolks; 3 tablespoons whole milk; 3/4 teaspoon vanilla; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 2 large egg whites; 1/3 cup water; 1/4 cup sugar; 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice; 1/8 teaspoon almond extract; 2 cups blackberries (9 oz); 1 cup raspberries (4 1/2 oz) | INSTRUCTIONS: Make cake: Put oven rack in middle position and preheat oven to 400°F. Generously butter a 9- by 2 inch round cake pan and dust with flour, knocking out excess. Pulse almonds with 1/3 cup sugar in a food processor until finely ground. Transfer almond sugar to a large bowl and add yolks, flour (1/2 cup), milk, vanilla, and salt, whisking until combined (batter will be thick). Beat whites with a pinch of salt in a bowl using an electric mixer at medium-high speed until they just hold soft peaks. Add remaining 1/3 cup sugar, a little at a time, beating at medium speed, then beat at high speed unt <END>
INPUT: hash, baking potatoes, onion, garlic, bell pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pot Roast Hash with Fried Eggs | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 baking potatoes, peeled and dice into 1/2-inch cubes; 1 onion, cut into 3/4-inch pieces; 1/2 tablespoon minced garlic; 1/2 stick (1/4 cup) unsalted butter; 1 green bell pepper, coarsely chopped; 1 tablespoon all purpose flour; 3/4 cup beef broth; 2 tablespoons bottled beet horseradish; 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce; 2 cups pot roast, cut into 1/2-inch cubes; Fried eggs as accompaniment | INSTRUCTIONS: Add potatoes to a large sauce pan of water, bring to boil and simmer about 6 minutes, until potatoes are just tender. Drain. In a large non-stick skillet over moderate high heat cook onion and garlic in butter, until onion is golden brown. Add bell pepper and cook, stirring, about 5 minutes. Sprinkle flour over mixture and cook, stirring, 2 minutes. Stir in broth, horseradish, and Worcestershire sauce and simmer, stirring, about 2 minutes. Add pot roast, potatoes, and salt and pepper to taste and cook over moderate heat, turning hash, until browned and crisp in spots, about 15 minutes. Serve w <END>
INPUT: American, Brine, double pork chops, Light olive oil, water, Peach bourbon BBQ
OUTPUT: TITLE: Smoked Pork Chops with Peach Bourbon BBQ Sauce | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: Brine, recipe follows; 4 double-cut pork chops, approximately 2 inches thick (about 12 to 14 ounces); Light olive oil, for brushing; 8 cups water, for boiling; Peach bourbon BBQ sauce, recipe follows; Special equipment: stovetop smoker or Weber kettle grill; 8 cups water; 2 tablespoons apple cider vinegar; 1/2 cups kosher salt; 1 cup brown sugar; 3 bay leaves; 1 tablespoon whole black peppercorns; 6 cloves fresh garlic, cut in 1/2; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 3/4 cup minced shallots | INSTRUCTIONS: Once the brine has cooled completely, add the chops and allow to soak for at least 6 but no more than 12 hours. Remove chops from brine just before smoking. Smoke pork until internal temperature reaches 140 degrees F, or about 1 to 2 hours Keep grill temperature at approximately 200 to 250 degrees F or pork will overcook. Smoke chops until internal temperature reaches 140 degrees F. After desired internal temperature is reached, brush chops lightly with oil and grill over hot coals for 1 1/2 minutes; rotate 1/4 turn clockwise and grill 1 minute more to create attractive grill marks. Flip chop  <END>
INPUT: Asian, Kosher salt, beans, soy sauce, water, sesame oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sesame Green Beans | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: Kosher salt; 1 pound green beans, trimmed; 2 tablespoons soy sauce; 2 tablespoons water; 2 teaspoons toasted sesame oil; 1/2 teaspoon cornstarch; 1/8 to 1/4 teaspoon red pepper flakes; 2 teaspoons vegetable oil; 3 medium shallots, thinly sliced; 2 cloves garlic, chopped; 2 teaspoons chopped fresh ginger; 1 tablespoon sesame seeds; 2 teaspoons rice wine vinegar | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring a large pot of cold water to a boil over high heat and salt it generously. Add the beans, and cook, uncovered, until just tender, about 6 to 8 minutes. Drain and rinse under cold water, set aside. Whisk the soy sauce, water, sesame oil, cornstarch, and pepper flakes in a small bowl. Heat the vegetable oil over medium-high heat in a large nonstick skillet. Add the shallots, garlic, ginger, and sesame seeds and cook until the vegetables are golden, about 3 minutes. Stir in the green beans and soy sauce mixture, bring to a boil, and cook until the green beans glaze, about 1 minute. Sprinkle <END>
INPUT: Mexican, mini, tostadas, chicken, mango, onion, jalapeno, cilantro
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mini Chicken and Mango Tostadas | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups shredded cooked chicken; 1 mango, peeled, pitted, and diced (about 1 cup); 2 tablespoons minced red onion; 1/2 jalapeno, seeded and minced; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh cilantro; Juice of 2 limes; 2 tablespoons olive oil; Kosher salt; 2 ripe avocados, halved, pitted, and peeled; 24 large corn tortilla chips, for serving | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. Combine the chicken, mango, red onions, jalapeno, and cilantro in a bowl. Add half the lime juice, olive oil, and salt to taste. Next, mash the avocados together with the remaining lime juice and salt to taste in another bowl. 2. Top the tortilla chips with a dollop of mashed avocado and some chicken salad and serve. <END>
INPUT: Italian, charred, tacos, Alaska Halibut fillets, Olive oil, cabbage, cotija cheese
OUTPUT: TITLE: Charred Alaska Halibut Tacos with Cilantro Pesto | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound Alaska Halibut fillets; Olive oil; 8 small (4-inch) corn tortillas; ½ head red cabbage, finely shaved; 1/4 cup cotija cheese; Garnish: Lime wedges; 1 bunch cilantro; 1 bunch flat leaf parsley; 1 jalapeno, minced; ¼ cup toasted Pepitas (pumpkin seeds); 1 clove garlic, minced; ¼ cup cotija cheese; ¼ cup extra-virgin olive oil; Salt and pepper, to taste | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine all pesto ingredients in a blender or food processor; blend. Drizzle in more olive oil or water, if needed, until you get a salsa-like consistency. Season to taste with salt and pepper; set aside. Heat grill to medium-high heat (400°F). Brush halibut and grill surface with oil; grill 5 to 7 inches from heat about 8 minutes, turning once during cooking. Cook just until fish is opaque throughout. Season with salt and pepper. To assemble tacos: Char tortillas on grill or grill pan. Top each taco with a big pinch of shaved red cabbage. Break halibut into chunks and distribute evenly betwee <END>
INPUT: turnover dough, sharp Cheddar cheese, eggs, scallions, unsalted butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Bacon and Egg Empañadas | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 frozen turnover dough (empanada) wrappers*, thawed; 2 ounces sharp Cheddar cheese; 3 large eggs; 3 scallions; 1 tablespoon unsalted butter; 2 slices Canadian bacon; *available at Latino markets and many supermarkets | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 425°F. and butter a baking pan. On a lightly floured surface with a rolling pin roll out each empanada wrapper into a 7-inch round. Finely grate Cheddar and in a bowl whisk together with eggs and salt and pepper to taste. Chop scallions. In a nonstick skillet heat 1 teaspoon butter over moderately high heat until foam subsides and sauté bacon until golden, about 1 minute on each side. Transfer bacon to a plate and add remaining 2 teaspoons butter to skillet. Heat butter until foam subsides and sauté scallions 15 seconds. Add egg mixture and cook, stirring constantly, until eggs <END>
INPUT: stew, romaine lettuce leaves, pork shoulder, boiling onions, dill
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pork Stew with Lettuce, Onions, Lemon and Dill | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 12 large romaine lettuce leaves, torn into pieces; 2 1/2 pounds boneless pork shoulder (butt), cut into 1-inch pieces; 18 boiling onions, peeled; 1/4 cup (or more) fresh lemon juice; 1/4 cup chopped fresh dill; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1 tablespoon sugar; 1 1/2 teaspoons grated lemon peel; 1/2 cup whipping cream | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350°F. Line bottom of heavy large ovenproof pot with half of romaine lettuce. Toss pork, onions, 1/4 cup lemon juice, dill, oil, sugar and lemon peel in large bowl to blend. Sprinkle generously with salt and pepper. Place pork mixture in pot. Top with remaining romaine lettuce. Bring to boil over high heat. Cover pot. Transfer to oven and bake until pork and onions are tender, about 1 hour 10 minutes. Strain juices from stew into medium saucepan; mix in cream. Boil until sauce thickens enough to coat spoon, about 10 minutes. Return sauce to stew. Season stew with salt, pepper a <END>
INPUT: granita, beefsteak tomatoes, cream Sherry, sugar, Sherry vinegar, celery
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sherry Tomato Granita | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound beefsteak tomatoes, cut into 2-inch wedges; 1/2 cup cream Sherry; 1 teaspoon sugar; 1 tablespoon plus 1/2 teaspoon Sherry vinegar, divided; 2 celery ribs; 1/2 seedless cucumber; 2 large radishes; 1/2 teaspoon extra-virgin olive oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Blend together tomatoes, Sherry, sugar, 1 tablespoon vinegar, and 1/4 teaspoon each of salt and pepper in a blender until smooth. Strain through a fine-mesh sieve into a bowl, pressing on and then discarding solids. Pour tomato mixture into an 8- to 9-inch nonreactive baking dish and freeze until partially frozen, about 1 hour. Scrape and stir with a fork, crushing any lumps. Continue to freeze, scraping once or twice, until evenly frozen, about 2 hours more. Cut celery, cucumber, and radishes into fine julienne strips, then toss in a bowl with oil, remaining 1/2 teaspoon vinegar, and salt and <END>
INPUT: unfried, chicken thighs, Paula Deen's House, low fat buttermilk, hot sauce
OUTPUT: TITLE: Unfried Chicken | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Nonstick cooking spray; 8 skinless boneless chicken thighs, trimmed of all visible fat (about 1 1/2 pounds); 1/2 teaspoon Paula Deen's House Seasoning, recipe follows; 1/4 cup low-fat buttermilk; 1/2 teaspoon hot sauce; 2 egg whites; Zest and juice of 1 lemon; 1 1/4 cups cornflake crumbs; 1 cup salt; 1/4 cup garlic powder; 1/4 cup black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Spray a large cast-iron skillet with nonstick spray over medium-high heat. Sprinkle the chicken with the Paula Deen House Seasoning. Combine the buttermilk, hot sauce, egg whites and lemon zest and juice in a large bowl and toss the chicken to coat. Pour the cornflake crumbs into another large bowl. Dip the chicken into the crumbs, pressing to adhere, and then place in the skillet and into the oven. Bake until the chicken is golden brown and cooked through or an instant-read thermometer inserted into the thickest part of the thi <END>
INPUT: scented, broccoli, cauliflower, navel orange, Salt, virgin olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Orange-Scented Broccoli and Cauliflower | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 head broccoli, cut into florets (save those stems for soup!); 1 head cauliflower, cut into florets (think soup!); 1 navel orange, rind removed and reserved; Salt; 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, 3 turns of the pan; 2 shallots, thinly sliced; 1 orange, juiced; Pepper; 2 scallions, sliced | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Bring a couple inches of water to boil in a large skillet and add the florets, orange rind and salt. Cover and simmer until tender, about 6 minutes. Drain broccoli and cauliflower, remove rind and transfer to a platter or bowl. Return pan to heat, add extra-virgin olive oil and heat over medium heat. Add shallots and cook until soft, 3 to 4 minutes. Add broccoli and cauliflower and turn to coat. Squeeze the orange juice over the pan and toss veggies again. Season the orange scented broccoli and cauliflower with salt and pepper, to your taste. Garnish with sliced  <END>
INPUT: Mexican, bites, soy sauce, rice vinegar, chicken, egg, cilantro
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken and Cilantro Bites | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup soy sauce; 1/4 cup rice vinegar (not seasoned); 1 lb ground chicken (not breast meat); 1 large egg; 1/2 cup finely chopped fresh cilantro; 2 scallions, finely chopped; 2 teaspoons Asian sesame oil; 1 teaspoon salt; 3/4 cup cornstarch; 1/2 cup vegetable oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Stir together soy and vinegar in a bowl for dipping sauce. Stir together chicken, egg, cilantro, scallions, sesame oil, and salt with a fork until just blended. Spread cornstarch in a shallow baking pan. With wet hands form chicken mixture into 1-inch balls, transferring them to baking pan as formed. Wash and dry your hands, then gently roll balls in cornstarch until coated. (Balls will be soft.) Heat 1/4 cup vegetable oil in a 12-inch heavy skillet over moderately high heat until hot but not smoking, then cook half of balls, turning over occasionally, until firm and golden (they will flatten  <END>
INPUT: Italian, panzerotti, yeast, all purpose flour, salt, wine, virgin olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Panzerotti di Ricotta e Mozzarella | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 ounce yeast (2 1/4 teaspoons); 4 cups/950 ml all-purpose flour; 1 teaspoon/5g salt; 3/4 cups/170 ml white wine; 2 tablespoons/28 ml extra-virgin olive oil, plus more for frying; 1 pound/450 g ricotta cheese; 1 cup grated pecorino cheese; 1 large ball mozzarella cheese, diced | INSTRUCTIONS: For the dough: Break up the yeast in 2 cups lukewarm water and let dissolve completely. Pour the flour and salt onto a smooth work surface and create a well in the middle. Pour the water and yeast mixture into the well, a little at a time, and then mix by drawing some of the flour from the inner edge of the well into the water until all the flour has been drawn in. Once the yeast mixture has been incorporated, work in the wine and oil until you can create a ball of dough. Knead by rolling the dough back and forth, stretching it out with one hand and rolling it back with the other until smooth  <END>
INPUT: apples, brandy, cider vinegar, prunes, Turkish California bay
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lamb Shoulder Chops with Apples and Prunes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup brandy; 1 teaspoon cider vinegar; 10 pitted prunes, chopped; 1 Turkish or 1/2 California bay leaf; 4 (1/2-inch-thick) lamb shoulder chops (about 1/2 pound each); 1 tablespoon olive oil; 1 tablespoon unsalted butter; 1 Gala apple, peeled and cut into 1/2-inch pieces; 1/4 cup finely chopped shallot; 2 garlic cloves, finely chopped; 1 cup reduced-sodium chicken broth | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine brandy, vinegar, prunes, and bay leaf and let stand until ready to use. Pat lamb chops dry and season with 1 teaspoon salt and 1/2 teaspoon pepper. Heat oil in a 12-inch heavy skillet over high heat until it shimmers. Cook lamb, turning once, 6 to 7 minutes total for medium-rare. Transfer to a plate and let stand, loosely covered. Discard fat from skillet. Add butter and apple to skillet and sauté over medium-high heat until beginning to brown, about 3 minutes. Add shallot and garlic and sauté 2 minutes. Remove from heat and add prune mixture. Boil until liquid is reduced to a glaze. A <END>
INPUT: Asian, rolls, ages, seasoned rice vinegar, sugar, kosher salt, short grained sushi, water
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sushi Rolls for All Ages | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1/3 cup seasoned rice vinegar; 2 teaspoons sugar; 1 teaspoon kosher salt; 1 1/2 cup short-grained sushi rice; 1 1/2 cups water; 4 sheets toasted nori; 2 large eggs; Kosher salt; 1 teaspoon vegetable oil; 1 carrot, cut into matchsticks; 1 small yellow bell pepper, stemmed, seeded and cut into matchsticks; 1/2 firm-ripe Hass avocado, peeled, thinly sliced lengthwise sprinkled with lemon juice; Soy Sauce | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: Bamboo sushi mat For the rice: Mix together vinegar, sugar, and salt. Rinse the rice in colander and drain. Put the rice and water in medium saucepan with a tight-fitting lid. Bring to a boil over high heat, reduce heat to very low and simmer, tightly covered. (For a good seal wrap the pan's lid tightly with a small kitchen towel and cover the saucepan. Make sure the towel's edges are folded up well away from the heat.) Cook until all the water is absorbed, about 15 minutes. Remove the rice from the heat (don't uncover) and set aside for 10 minutes. Fluff the rice with a for <END>
INPUT: butter, orange zest, confectioners' sugar, flour, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Scones with Orange Butter | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 ounces butter; 3 teaspoons grated orange zest; 7 ounces confectioners' sugar, sifted; 2 pounds flour, sifted; Pinch salt; 3 heaping teaspoons baking powder; 2 ounces granulated sugar; 1 orange zest, finely grated; 6 ounces butter; 3 eggs; 2 cups milk; 1 egg; 1 teaspoon milk; 2 ounces granulated sugar for top of scones | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 475 degrees. For the orange butter, put butter in a bowl and cream. Fold in 3 teaspoons of grated orange zest. Add confectioners' sugar to butter, and beat until fluffy. Keep in refrigerator until ready to use. For the scones, place sifted flour in a bowl. Add pinch of salt, baking powder, granulated sugar and orange rind. Mix to incorporate air. Toss 6 ounces butter into flour and rub with fingertips until it resembles large flakes. Make well in the center. Whisk together 3 eggs and 2 cups milk and pour mixture into the center. With fingers of your "best" hand outstretched and <END>
INPUT: bundt, cake, sugar, water, lemons, vegetable oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lemon Bundt Cake with Chocolate Glaze and Candied Lemon | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cups sugar; 1 1/2 cups water; 2 lemons, sliced into 1/4-inch-thick rounds; Nonstick vegetable oil spray; 1 cup (2 sticks) unsalted butter, room temperature; 2 cups sugar; 4 eggs, room temperature; 1 cup buttermilk, room temperature; 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract; Zest of 2 lemons; 1/4 cup fresh lemon juice (about 2 lemons); 3 cups all-purpose flour; 1 teaspoon baking powder; 1/2 teaspoon baking soda; 1/2 teaspoon fine salt | INSTRUCTIONS: For the candied lemon: Combine the sugar and water in a small saucepan and bring to a boil over medium heat, stirring to dissolve the sugar. Add the lemon slices and simmer until tender, 5 to 8 minutes. Transfer to a wire rack to drain. Let cool to room temperature, about 15 minutes. Finely chop the candied lemon slices. Set aside. For the cake: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Lightly spray a nonstick Bundt pan with vegetable spray. In a stand mixer fitted with a paddle attachment or using a hand mixer, beat together the butter and sugar on medium speed until light and fluffy, about 3 minut <END>
INPUT: jelly, pudding, milk, sugar, cornstarch, Kosher salt, egg yolks
OUTPUT: TITLE: Peanut Butter and Jelly Pudding | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 1/2 cups whole milk; 1 cup sugar; 1/3 cup cornstarch; Kosher salt; 5 large egg yolks, beaten; 2 teaspoons vanilla extract; 1 cup red grapes, quartered lengthwise, plus 6 to 8 whole grapes for garnish; 1/3 cup roasted peanuts, roughly chopped; 1/3 cup peanut butter* chips (See Cook's Note) | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat 4 cups of the milk in a large saucepan over medium heat until steaming. Whisk the sugar, cornstarch and 1/2 teaspoon salt in a large bowl. Whisk in the egg yolks and the remaining 1/2 cup milk. Whisk half of the hot milk into the egg mixture until smooth, then gradually whisk the egg-milk mixture into the saucepan. Cook over medium heat, whisking constantly, until the mixture boils. Continue to cook, whisking constantly, until it has thickened to a puddinglike consistency, 3 to 4 minutes. Remove from the heat and stir in the vanilla extract. Cool slightly, stirring a few times to prevent  <END>
INPUT: sour, shallot, garlic, unsalted butter, cabbage, burgundy wine
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sweet and Sour Red Cabbage | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 medium shallot, chopped; 1 clove garlic, chopped; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 2 1/2 to 3 pounds red cabbage, shredded (about 10 cups); 1/2 cup red burgundy wine; 1 1/4 cups balsamic vinegar; 1/2 cup granulated sugar; Salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: In a 12-inch skillet, saute the shallots and garlic in the butter over medium heat for 1 minute, until golden brown. Add the shredded cabbage. Add the wine to deglaze the pan, loosening any browned bits on the bottom of the pan with a wooden spoon. Stir in the vinegar and sugar. Season with salt and pepper to taste. Increase the heat to high and bring to a boil, stirring constantly to prevent the sugar from burning. Reduce the heat and simmer about 10 minutes, until the liquid is reduced by 3/4. <END>
INPUT: American, soup, seeds, mini pumpkins, onion, unsalted butter, chicken stock, water
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mini Pumpkin Soup with Blue Cheese and Toasted Pumpkin Seeds | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 8 mini pumpkins; 1 cup thinly sliced onion; 1 1/2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1 1/2 cups chicken stock; 1 1/2 cups water; 2 teaspoons vegetable oil; 4 tablespoon blue cheese | INSTRUCTIONS: Cut the top 1/4 off 4 pumpkins, reserving the lids. Cut the remaining 4 pumpkins in half. Reserve seeds from 2 pumpkins. Bake the pumkins, cut side down, on lightly oiled baking sheets in a preheated 350 degree oven for 40 minutes or until they are tender. When they are cool enough to handle, scrape all the pulp out of the halved pumpkins. Scrape most of the pulp out of the remaining pumpkins, leaving just enough in each pumpkin so that it retains its shape. In a skillet cook the onion in butter over low heat, stirring, until the onion is softened. Add the pumpkin pulp, the chicken stock and t <END>
INPUT: mexican, vine tomatoes, Salt pepper, jarred pimentos, onion, zucchini
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mexican Stuffed Tomatoes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 5 yellow vine-ripe tomatoes; Salt and pepper; 2 jarred pimentos, drained and chopped; 1/4 red onion, chopped; 1/2 small zucchini, 1/4-inch dice; 1 jalapeno pepper, seeded and finely chopped; 1/2 lemon, juiced; 1/2 teaspoon dried oregano, crushed in palm of your hand; 2 tablespoons, a handful, fresh cilantro or flat-leaf parsley leaves, your choice, chopped; 2 tablespoons dried bread crumbs; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, 2 turns of the bowl | INSTRUCTIONS: Cut the tops off 4 tomatoes and trim a thin slice off the bottoms so that they will sit upright easily. Hollow out the tomatoes with a spoon over garbage bowl or sink. Season tomatoes with salt and pepper. Remove stem of remaining tomato. Seed and chop tomato. In a bowl, combine chopped tomato, pimentos, onions, zucchini, jalapeno, lemon juice, oregano and cilantro or parsley. Sprinkle bread crumbs evenly over the bowl. Add extra-virgin olive oil, 2 turns of the bowl in a slow stream or about 2 tablespoons. Toss mixture to combine and season, to taste, with salt and pepper. Fill the empty toma <END>
INPUT: Italian, olive oil, garlic, plum tomatoes, salt pepper, oregano
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pizza with Tomato, Mozzarella and Basil | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons olive oil; 1 clove garlic, finely chopped; 2 cups canned plum tomatoes, crushed by hand, seeds removed; 1/2 teaspoon salt and pepper; 1 teaspoon dry oregano; 2 12-inch pizza crusts (recipe follows); 4 tablespoons grated Parmesan cheese; 1/2 pound fresh mozzarella, thinly sliced; 8 basil leaves; Ceramic pizza stone; Pizza peel; 3 1/4 cups unbleached flour; 2 teaspoons salt; 1 cup warm water; 1 envelope active dry yeast | INSTRUCTIONS: Set the pizza stone into a cold oven and preheat the oven to 450 degrees. In a small sauce pan set over a low flame, heat 1 tablespoon of olive oil. Add the garlic and cook for 1 minute before adding the tomatoes. Season the tomatoes with the salt, pepper and oregano and cook over medium heat for 10 minutes. Working on a lightly floured surface, pat one of the pizza dough balls into a flat round shape, working from the center outward. While forming the shape of a pizza crust, work with the tips of the fingers and form a 1/2-inch thick edge. Continue to work outward trying to achieve as even a  <END>
INPUT: slab bacon, Kosher salt pepper, All purpose flour, virgin olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Beer-Braised Chicken | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 pound slab or thick-cut bacon, cut into 1/2-inch pieces; 8 skinless, boneless chicken thighs (about 2 1/2 pounds); Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper; All-purpose flour, for dredging; 1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil; 1 (12-ounce) bottle beer (preferably brown ale); 1 cup frozen pearl onions, thawed; 1/2 pound small red-skinned new potatoes, halved; 2 tablespoons whole-grain mustard; 2 tablespoons packed dark brown sugar; 4 sprigs fresh thyme; 3 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat a large pot over medium-high heat. Add the bacon and cook until browned, about 5 minutes. Remove with a slotted spoon and transfer to a paper-towel-lined plate. Season the chicken with salt and pepper and dredge in flour, shaking off the excess. Add the olive oil to the drippings in the pot. Add the chicken in batches and cook over medium-high heat until golden on the bottom, 6 to 7 minutes, then flip and sear the other side, about 1 minute. Add the beer, onions, potatoes, mustard, sugar, thyme and 1 cup water to the pot and stir, making sure the chicken is fully submerged. Simmer until t <END>
INPUT: creme, Butter, Flour, eggs
OUTPUT: TITLE: Strawberry Creme Cake | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Butter, for greasing pans; Flour, for flouring pans; 1 (18.25-ounce) box strawberry cake mix; 1 (11.5-ounce) can strawberry nectar; 3 eggs; 1/4 cup vegetable oil; 1 pound fresh strawberries, cleaned; 1 cup strawberry jam, divided; 1 (16-ounce) container strawberry frosting | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Butter and flour 2 (9-inch) round cake pans. Combine cake mix, nectar, eggs, and oil in large bowl. Beat with a hand mixer for 2 minutes, or until well blended. Divide batter between prepared pans. Bake for 25 minutes, or until a toothpick inserted into center comes out clean. Cool cakes in pans on cooling racks for 20 minutes. Invert cakes onto cooling rack and cool completely. Thinly slice enough strawberries to yield 1 1/4 cups. Using a serrated knife, cut each cake horizontally in half, forming 4 layers in total. Place 1 cake layer, cut side down, on a servin <END>
INPUT: torte, unsalted butter, sugar, tart apples Granny, salt, all purpose flour
OUTPUT: TITLE: Apple Walnut Torte | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 sticks unsalted butter, well softened, divided; 1 1/2 cups sugar, divided; 2 pounds tart apples such as Granny Smith, Northern Spy, or Greening, peeled, halved lengthwise, and cored; 3/4 teaspoon salt, divided; 1 1/2 cups all-purpose flour; 1 1/2 teaspoons baking powder; 1/2 teaspoon baking soda; 3/4 teaspoon ground allspice; 1/2 teaspoon cinnamon; 1/4 teaspoon grated nutmeg; 1 1/2 cups walnuts (5 ounces), coarsely chopped, toasted , and cooled completely; 2 large eggs; 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract; 1/4 teaspoon pure almond extract; 3 tablespoons apple jelly | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350°F with rack in middle. Butter pan and fit a round of parchment paper in bottom. Butter parchment, then flour pan. Spread 1/2 stick butter thickly on bottom of a 12-inch heavy skillet and sprinkle 1/2 cup sugar evenly over butter. Arrange apples, cut sides down, over sugar and sprinkle with 1/4 teaspoon salt. Cook over medium heat, turning apples occasionally, until sugar is caramelized and apples are tender and golden brown, 15 to 20 minutes. Arrange apples, cut sides down, in concentric circles in bottom of cake pan, then pour over any caramel from skillet. Whisk together  <END>
INPUT: muffins, virgin olive oil, butter, bay leaf, celery greens, skinned onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Apple and Onion Stuffin' Muffins | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, 2 turns of the pan; 1 stick butter, softened; 1 fresh bay leaf, available in produce department; 4 ribs celery and greens, from the heart, chopped (save time and purchase celery already washed, trimmed and cut into sticks, this makes chopping fast; 1 medium to large yellow skinned onion, chopped; 3 McIntosh apples, quartered and chopped; Salt and pepper; 2 tablespoons poultry seasoning; 1/4 cup chopped fresh parsley leaves; 8 cups cubed stuffing mix (recommended: Pepperidge Farm); 2 to 3 cups chicken stock, available in paper containers on the soup aisle | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F. Preheat a large skillet over medium high heat. Add extra-virgin olive oil to skillet and 4 tablespoons butter. When butter melts, add bay leaf and add the vegetables as you chop them, celery, onions then apples. Sprinkle the vegetables and apples with salt, pepper and poultry seasoning. Cook 5 to 6 minutes to begin to soften vegetables and apples then add parsley and stuffing cubes to the pan and combine. Moisten the stuffing with chicken broth until all of the bread is soft but not wet. Butter 12 muffin cups, 2 tins, liberally with remaining butter. Use an ice c <END>
INPUT: American, breezy, King Luscious apples, all purpose flour, granulated sugar, cinnamon, superfine granulated sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Breezy Hill Apple Pie | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 to 3 pounds of King Luscious apples or of your favorite baking variety, peeled, cored, and thinly sliced; 3 1/2 cups plus 2 tablespoons all-purpose flour; 2 tablespoons plus 2 teaspoons granulated sugar; 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1/2 cup superfine granulated sugar; 2 1/2 sticks unsalted butter, chilled and cut into small pieces; 1 large egg yolk; 4 tablespoons cold water, plus 1 tablespoon | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. Combine apples, 2 tablespoons flour, 2 tablespoons sugar, and cinnamon in a large bowl; toss to combine. Set aside. Combine the remaining 3 1/2 cups flour and 1/2 cup superfine sugar in a large mixing bowl. Add butter and quickly work the butter into the flour mixture using your fingertips or a pastry blender until it resembles coarse meal. Combine egg yolk and 4 teaspoons cold water; mix to combine. Divide the dough in half. Working quickly, press 1/2 of the dough into and up over the edge of a 9-inch glass pie plate. Fill with the apple mixture, mounding in the <END>
INPUT: Mexican, chili, tomatoes, chicken stock, onion, cumin, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tortillas With Eggs and Spicy Bean Chili | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup canned peeled tomatoes; 1/4 cup chicken stock; 1/4 small yellow onion; 2 teaspoons ground cumin; 1 clove garlic; 1/2 chile in adobo; 1 tablespoon vegetable oil; 1 can (14 ounces) black beans; 2 eggs; 2 corn tortillas (6 inches each); 1/4 cup Cotija cheese; 6 thin slices avocado; 1/8 cup cilantro leaves, roughly chopped; 2 lime wedges | INSTRUCTIONS: In a blender, puree tomatoes, stock, onion, cumin, garlic and chile until smooth, 1 to 2 minutes. In an 8" nonstick pan over medium-high heat, heat oil. Pour tomato mixture into pan; season with salt and cook until sauce reduces by half, 3 minutes. Add beans and cook, 2 minutes. Break eggs into the tomato mixture so they don't touch sides; reduce heat to medium-low, cover and cook until egg whites are set and yolks are runny, 3 to 5 minutes. Serve on tortillas and top with cheese, avocado and cilantro, plus lime for garnish. In a blender, puree tomatoes, stock, onion, cumin, garlic and chile u <END>
INPUT: waldorf, Granny Smith apples, walnuts, mayonnaise, poppy seed dressing
OUTPUT: TITLE: Waldorf Slaw | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 (16-ounce) bag 3-color slaw mix; 2 large Granny Smith apples, diced small; 1 cup chopped walnuts; 1/2 cup mayonnaise; 1/3 cup poppy seed dressing | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large bowl combine slaw mix, diced apples, and chopped walnuts; set aside. In a small bowl, stir to combine mayonnaise and poppy seed dressing. Pour dressing over slaw mixture and toss to combine. Cover and refrigerate 1 hour before serving. <END>
INPUT: myrna, bars, sugar, Scant egg whites, flaked coconut, blanched almonds, semisweet chocolate
OUTPUT: TITLE: Myrna's Toasted Coconut-Chocolate Bars | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Heaping 3/4 cup sugar; Scant 1/2 cup egg whites (from about 3 eggs); 12 ounces sweetened shredded or flaked coconut; About 50 whole blanched almonds (optional); 12 ounces semisweet chocolate | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: 2 cookie sheets, well greased, or lined with parchment paper or lined with nonstick baking mats), or nonstick cookie sheets: 1 for baking and 1 for dipping Heat the oven to 350 degrees F. Mix the sugar, egg whites and coconut together until well blended. Drop by rounded teaspoonfuls onto 1 cookie sheet. Using your hands, pinch each coconut mound to form it into a small bar. If using almonds, press them gently into the top of the bars. Bake until light golden brown, about 10 minutes. Let cool completely. Melt the chocolate. Working 1 at a time, drop the coconut bars into the  <END>
INPUT: Mexican, chipotle chiles adobo, vegetable oil, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chipotle Grilled Shrimp | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 pounds (about 4042) large shrimp, shelled and deveined; 1 small can chipotle chiles in adobo, stemmed and wiped clean; 1/2 cup vegetable oil; 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Place shrimp in large bowl. Place chiles in a blender or food processor fitted with the metal blade and puree. With the motor running, drizzle in oil until creamy emulsion is formed. Pour over shrimp in bowl and mix thoroughly to coat shrimp. Cover bowl and refrigerate for 12 hours. Soak 12 bamboo skewers in water 30 minutes. Preheat grill to moderately high. Lay 6 to 7 shrimp on board in front of you, nestled together and flat, with tails all facing one direction and heads the other. Holding shrimp flat with the palm of one hand, insert one bamboo skewer one third of the way from one end. Ins <END>
INPUT: quinoa, chicken vegetable stock, hothouse cucumber, scallions, roasted pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Quinoa Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup quinoa; 2 cups chicken or vegetable stock; 1 hothouse cucumber, diced; 2 scallions; 1/2 cup roasted red pepper, diced; 1/4 cup flat leaf parsley, finely chopped; 1 tablespoon fines herbs (recommended: Spice Island); 1/4 cup crumbled feta cheese; 3 tablespoons slivered almonds; 9 cups spring salad mix; 1/4 cup light roasted garlic and balsamic salad dressing | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Combine quinoa and stock in small pot and bring to a boil. Reduce to simmer and cover. Cook 10 to 15 minutes or until liquid has been absorbed. Let cool completely. In a large mixing bowl, combine cooled quinoa with remaining ingredients. Toss to mix thoroughly. Serve chilled on a bed of greens tossed with a little dressing. <END>
INPUT: cowboy, turkey kielbasa, onion, oil, ketchup, molasses
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cowboy Beans | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 8 ounces turkey kielbasa; 1/2 small onion; 1 teaspoon oil; 3/4 cups ketchup; 3 tablespoons molasses; 2 (15-ounce) Cans Great Northern Beans, drained | INSTRUCTIONS: Slice sausage and cook in microwave or on stove top according to package directions. Drain off fat and set aside. Saute onion in oil. Add ketchup and molasses and stir until well blended. Stir in beans and sausage. Warm on low heat until ready <END>
INPUT: creole, olive oil, garlic, onions, celery, bell pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Shrimp Creole | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons olive oil; 4 garlic cloves, minced; 2 large onions, chopped; 2 stalks celery, chopped; 1 green bell pepper, chopped; 1 teaspoon cayenne pepper; 2 cups seafood stock or shrimp stock; 1 (28-ounce) can whole tomatoes, in thick puree; Dash Worcestershire sauce; Dash hot sauce; 2 bay leaves; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 pounds large shrimp (about 32), shelled and deveined; 4 tablespoons green onions, sliced for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Heat a large heavy Dutch oven over medium heat. Add oil. Cook garlic, onions, celery, and green bell peppers. Cook until softened, about 5 minutes. Stir in cayenne and let caramelize. Add the seafood stock, tomatoes, Worcestershire, hot sauce, and bay leaves. Season with salt and pepper. Simmer for 35 minutes. Add shrimp and cook about 4 more minutes, until they are bright pink and cooked through. Garnish with green onions. <END>
INPUT: dressing, cauliflower, olive oil, Kosher salt, flat leaf parsley, lemon zest
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Cauliflower with Lemon-Parsley Dressing | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 head cauliflower (about 2 pounds), cut into florets, including tender leaves; 6 tablespoons olive oil, divided; Kosher salt, freshly ground pepper; 1 cup fresh flat-leaf parsley leaves; 1/2 teaspoon finely grated lemon zest; 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 425°F. Toss cauliflower and 4 tablespoons oil on a rimmed baking sheet; season with salt and pepper. Roast, tossing occasionally, until tender and golden brown, 25–30 minutes. Meanwhile, pulse parsley, lemon juice, and remaining 2 tablespoons oil in a food processor until very finely chopped; season with salt and pepper. Toss cauliflower with lemon-parsley mixture and top with lemon zest. DO AHEAD: Lemon-parsley mixture can be made 4 hours ahead. Cover and chill. Preheat oven to 425°F. Toss cauliflower and 4 tablespoons oil on a rimmed baking sheet; season with salt and pepper. <END>
INPUT: American, salad, parfait, olive oil, goat cheese, tarragon, parsley
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sweet Roasted Beet Salad with Goat Cheese Parfait | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 4 medium (1 pound) unpeeled beets, scrubbed; 1 tablespoon olive oil; 1 1/2 cups softened goat cheese; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh tarragon, blanched in boiling water for 10 seconds, drained and rinsed under cold water; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh chives; 1 teaspoon chopped fresh thyme; Fine sea salt and freshly ground black pepper, to taste; 3 cups mesclun greens; Walnut Dressing, as needed; 1 small beet, scrubbed and cut into julienne, for garnish; 1/2 cup walnut halves, lightly toasted, for garnish (see Note) | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Place the beets on a jelly roll pan, toss with the oil, and cover tightly with aluminum foil. Bake until the beets are tender when pierced with a sharp knife, about 2 hours. Refrigerate until chilled. Peel the beets and slice into 1/16th-inch rounds. On 6 dinner plates, arrange overlapping beet slices in a wide circle. Cover tightly with plastic wrap and refrigerate until ready to serve. In a small bowl, mix the goat cheese, blanched tarragon, parsley, chives, and thyme. Cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate until ready to serve. To serve, uncover the plate <END>
INPUT: egg, Sugar, rum, Triple Sec, orange juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mai Tai | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 egg white, lightly beaten*; Sugar; 1/2 cup white rum; 1/4 cup Triple Sec; 1/4 cup fresh orange juice; 1/4 cup fresh lime juice; Crushed ice; Cocktail cherries; Pineapple cubes; Orange slices | INSTRUCTIONS: Dip the rim of tall glasses into the egg whites, and then the sugar. Put the rum, Triple Sec, and juices into a cocktail shaker. Shake to mix. Fill the glasses with the ice and pour the cocktail over it. Decorate with cherries, pineapple, and/or orange slices, and drink with a straw. <END>
INPUT: soup, croutons, leek, garlic, fennel seeds, virgin olive oil, russet
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fennel Soup with Orange Crème Fraîche and Croutons | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 small leek (white and pale green part only), halved and thinly sliced; 3 garlic cloves, finely chopped; 1 1/2 teaspoons fennel seeds; 5 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, divided; 1 medium russet (baking) potato; 2 medium fennel bulbs, stalks discarded, reserving fronds, and bulb cut into 1/2-inch pieces; 5 cups water; 1 (8-inch) length of baguette, cut into 1-inch cubes; 1/2 cup crème fraîche or sour cream; 1 teaspoon grated orange zest | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 375°F with rack in middle. Wash leek , then cook with garlic, fennel seeds, and 1 teaspoon salt in 3 tablespoons oil in a heavy medium pot over medium-low heat, stirring occasionally, until softened, about 8 minutes. Meanwhile, peel potato and cut into 1/2-inch pieces. Add potato, fennel, and water to leek mixture and simmer, covered, stirring occasionally, until vegetables are very tender, 15 to 20 minutes. Toss bread cubes with remaining 2 tablespoons oil in a shallow baking pan. Bake, stirring once or twice, until crisp and golden brown, 10 to 15 minutes. Purée soup in batch <END>
INPUT: Italian, potatoes, virgin olive oil, basil leaves, lime juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Potatoes with Lime and Basil | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 pound small potatoes (about 1 1/2 inches in diameter), halved; 1 1/2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1/4 cup packed fresh basil leaves, washed well, spun dry, and chopped fine; 1 1/2 teaspoons fresh lime juice | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 450° F. In a baking dish large enough to hold potatoes in one layer toss them with oil and salt and pepper to taste. Roast potatoes in middle of oven until tender, about 15 minutes. In a bowl toss potatoes with basil and lime juice. Preheat oven to 450° F. In a baking dish large enough to hold potatoes in one layer toss them with oil and salt and pepper to taste. Roast potatoes in middle of oven until tender, about 15 minutes. In a bowl toss potatoes with basil and lime juice. <END>
INPUT: tart, farro, unsalted butter additional, fine bread crumbs, garlic, milk ricotta
OUTPUT: TITLE: Savory Farro Tart | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup farro*; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter plus additional for buttering dish; 2 tablespoons fine dry bread crumbs; 2 garlic cloves, chopped; 30 oz whole-milk ricotta (3 1/4 cups); 1 whole large egg plus 2 large yolks; 1 1/4 oz finely grated Parmigiano-Reggiano (2/3 cup); 1/4 cup coarsely chopped fresh flat-leaf parsley; 3/4 teaspoon salt; 1/2 teaspoon black pepper; 1/2 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg; Special equipment: a 9-inch shallow ovenproof dish such as a glass pie plate | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook farro in a 2- to 3-quart pot of boiling salted water until just tender, about 10 minutes; drain in a sieve and cool to room temperature. Put oven rack in middle position and preheat oven to 375°F. Butter dish and lightly coat with bread crumbs, knocking out excess. Melt butter (2 tablespoons) in a small heavy skillet over low heat and cook garlic, stirring, 1 minute, then transfer to a medium bowl. Stir in farro, ricotta, whole egg, yolks, Parmigiano-Reggiano, parsley, salt, pepper, and nutmeg until combined well. Spoon mixture into dish and bake until just set and top is pale golden, 35  <END>
INPUT: olive oil, carrot, onion, celery
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Chicken with Grapefruit and Pink Peppercorns | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 (3 pound) chickens; 1 1/2 tablespoons olive oil; 1 carrot; 1 onion; 2 bunches celery; 1 Bouquet Garni; 3 yellow grapefruits; 3 pink grapefruits; 1/2 cup pan juices; 1 tablespoon pink peppercorns | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 425 degrees F. Rinse and dry chickens well. Rub the skin with olive oil. Salt and pepper the interior and exterior. Place in the oven and cook for 40 minutes or until juices run clear. Peel 1 yellow and 1 pink grapefruit and remove the sections carefully and reserve. Squeeze the other 4 grapefruits of all their juices and reserve. Peel, clean, and cut vegetables into 1/4 inch pieces. After 25 minutes, add the vegetables to the chicken and continue to cook until ready. When chicken is ready, tilt the bird so the juices go into the roasting pan and then caramelize the juices. Deg <END>
INPUT: flowers, very pistachios, frosted cupcake, piece brightly colored
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pistachio Flowers | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 18 very green pistachios; 1 frosted cupcake (about 2 tablespoons frosting works best); 1 piece brightly colored dried fruit | INSTRUCTIONS: Arrange the pistachios in 3 flower shapes on the cupcake, using 6 pistachios per flower. Snip 3 little rounds from the dried fruit and put a piece in the center of each flower. <END>
INPUT: taleggio, mission, olive oil, short, kosher salt, pepper, celery
OUTPUT: TITLE: Amarone Braised Beef Short Ribs with Taleggio Polenta and Mission Fig Glaze | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons olive oil; 6 large bone-in short ribs; 1 tablespoon kosher salt, plus more to taste; 1 teaspoon fresh ground black pepper, plus more to taste; 3 ribs celery, finely chopped; 2 large carrots, finely chopped; 1 large onion, finely chopped; 6 cloves garlic; 1 bottle Amarone wine, plus some for tasting while cooking; 6 fresh rosemary sprigs; 6 fresh thyme sprigs; 3 cups beef stock; 6 cups chicken stock; 2 cups fine-ground cornmeal polenta; 2 teaspoons kosher salt | INSTRUCTIONS: For the short ribs: Heat one tablespoon of the olive oil in a heavy-bottom pot or Dutch oven over high heat. When the oil begins to smoke slightly, place the short ribs in the pot and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Roast on all sides until well browned, about 15 minutes total. Remove from the pot and reduce the temperature to medium. Add the remaining tablespoon of olive oil to the same pot and add the celery, carrots and onion and cook over medium-low heat for 20 minutes, stirring occasionally. Add the garlic and cook for another 2 minutes. Add the wine and raise the heat level to high, bring <END>
INPUT: Asian, sauces, veal stock, smooth peanut butter, soy sauce, rice wine vinegar, honey
OUTPUT: TITLE: Peanut and Spicy Orange Sauces | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup veal stock; 1/4 cup smooth peanut butter; 1 tablespoon soy sauce; 1 tablespoon rice wine vinegar; 1 tablespoon honey; 1/2 teaspoon toasted sesame oil; Salt and pepper; 1/4 cup mirin; 2 tablespoons rice vinegar; 1 teaspoon fish sauce; 1/2 teaspoon chile flakes; 1/2 teaspoon Sriracha; Zest of 1 orange; Juice of 2 oranges; 1 tablespoon grated ginger | INSTRUCTIONS: For the peanut sauce: In a small saucepan over medium heat, mix all the ingredients. Stir and cook until reduced to a creamy sauce, about 5 minutes. Set aside. For the spicy orange sauce: In a small saucepan, whisk all the ingredients and bring to a boil. Let simmer until it thickens, about 1 minute. Set aside. For serving: Serve with dumplings, egg rolls or spring rolls. <END>
INPUT: gratin, Belgian endives, lemon juice, unsalted butter, salt, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Braised Belgian Endive Gratin | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 8 Belgian endives (about 2 pounds), trimmed, leaving the root ends intact, and halved lengthwise; 1 1/2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, cut into bits; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 2 teaspoons sugar; 3/4 cup chicken broth; 2/3 cup finely grated Gruyère; 1 1/3 cups dry bread crumbs | INSTRUCTIONS: In a heavy kettle combine the endives, cut sides down, in two layers, the lemon juice, the butter, the salt, the sugar, and the broth, cover the mixture with a buttered round of wax paper and the lid, and bring the liquid to a boil. Simmer the mixture, covered, for 20 to 30 minutes, or until the endives are very tender, and transfer them with a slotted spoon, cut sides down, to a buttered gratin dish just large enough to hold them in one layer. In a small bowl stir together the Gruyère and the bread crumbs, sprinkle the mixture evenly over the endives, and broil the gratin under a preheated br <END>
INPUT: French, souffle, mashed sweet potatoes, sugar, milk, vanilla extract, lemon extract
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sweet Potato Souffle | CUISINE: French | INGREDIENTS: 4 pounds cooked and mashed sweet potatoes; 3 cups sugar; 5 tablespoons whole milk; 3 tablespoons vanilla extract; 1 tablespoon lemon extract; 1 tablespoon ground nutmeg; 6 eggs; 3 sticks butter, melted | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: stand mixer Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. In the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, add the sweet potatoes, sugar, milk, vanilla, lemon, nutmeg, eggs and butter. Mix until evenly distributed. Pour the mixture into a large casserole dish and bake for 2 hours. Serve warm. <END>
INPUT: warm, size wheat pitas, size pitas, unsalted butter, garlic, parsley
OUTPUT: TITLE: Warm Garlic Pitas | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 medium-size whole wheat pitas; 4 medium-size white pitas; 4 tablespoons unsalted butter; 6 cloves garlic, minced; 3 tablespoons minced fresh parsley; 1/4 cup grated Parmesan; Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Cut the pitas into 6 wedges. In a medium saucepan, add the butter and garlic. Set over medium heat and warm through until the butter melts and the garlic becomes fragrant, 5 to 6 minutes. Add the parsley and mix well. Place the pita wedges in a large bowl and pour the garlic butter over the top. Toss well to combine and coat everything evenly. Spread the pita wedges out evenly on a sheet tray and dust with the grated Parmesan. Bake in the oven until golden and crispy, 12 to 15 minutes. Remove from the oven and taste. Adjust seasonings with salt and pepper, if <END>
INPUT: soup, pearled quick farro, Kosher salt pepper, olive oil, prosciutto, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Prosciutto and Egg Soup | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup pearled or quick-cooking farro; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 3 tablespoons olive oil; 2 ounces sliced prosciutto, chopped; 1 large onion, diced; 1 medium carrot, diced; 1 stalk celery, diced; 1 clove garlic, minced; 6 cups chopped escarole (about 1/2 pound or 1 small head); 6 cups low-sodium chicken broth; 2 tablespoons white vinegar; 4 large eggs; Grated Parmesan, for serving | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine the farro and 1 teaspoon salt in a medium saucepan and cover with water by 2 inches. Bring to a simmer and cook until the farro is tender but chewy, 10 to 20 minutes, or according to the manufacturer's instructions. Drain and set aside. Heat 2 tablespoons olive oil in a medium pot over medium heat. Add the prosciutto and cook, stirring occasionally, until crisp, about 3 minutes. Remove half the prosciutto with a slotted spoon to a paper-towel-lined plate. Drizzle in the remaining tablespoon olive oil, and add the onion, carrot, celery, garlic, 1/2 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of pepp <END>
INPUT: Italian, pasta, bonito flakes, shrimp, capellini, Kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pasta With Rock Shrimp, Chile, and Lemon | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup (1 stick) unsalted butter; 1/4 cup bonito flakes; 2 teaspoons dried shrimp; 12 ounces fresh or dried capellini, tagliatelle, or fettuccine, preferably egg-enriched; Kosher salt; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1 red chile (such as Holland or Fresno), seeds removed, finely chopped; 2 wide strips lemon zest, thinly sliced; 1/2 pound rock shrimp or other small shrimp, peeled and deveined, cut into small pieces; 1 tablespoon finely chopped tarragon; 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice; 2 scallions, green parts only, thinly sliced; A spice mill or mortar and pestle | INSTRUCTIONS: Make the bonito butter: Melt butter in a small saucepan over medium-low heat, then add bonito flakes; swirl butter to combine. Remove from heat and let sit 10 minutes to infuse. Strain butter through a fine-mesh sieve into a small bowl, pressing on solids; discard bonito flakes. Cover and chill butter until ready to use. Melt butter in a small saucepan over medium-low heat, then add bonito flakes; swirl butter to combine. Remove from heat and let sit 10 minutes to infuse. Strain butter through a fine-mesh sieve into a small bowl, pressing on solids; discard bonito flakes. Cover and chill butte <END>
INPUT: glow, organic apple juice, organic grape juice, honeydew melon, Apple slice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Apple Glow | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 oz. chilled organic apple juice; 4 oz. white organic grape juice; 1/2 honeydew melon, remove seeds and rind; Apple slice, garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: In a blender combine your apple juice, grape juice and honey dew. Blend 1 minute or until honeydew and juices are smooth. Pour into a chilled martini glass. Garnish with an apple slice. <END>
INPUT: tassies, Ingredients basic butter, light sugar, unsalted butter, egg, vanilla
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pine Nut Tassies | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Ingredients for basic butter cookies; 2/3 cup packed light brown sugar; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted and cooled; 1 large egg; 1 teaspoon vanilla; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1 3/4 cups pine nuts (1/2 lb); Special equipment: 2 nonstick mini-muffin pans, each with 12 (1 3/4-inch) cups; Garnish: confectioners sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: Make shells: Follow recipe for basic butter cookies to make dough, then divide dough in half. Divide 1 half (keep remaining dough chilled, covered) into 24 pieces (about 1 1/2 teaspoons each) and form into 1-inch balls. Press each ball evenly onto bottom and up side of an ungreased mini-muffin cup to form a pastry shell (use a piece of plastic wrap to prevent dough from sticking to your fingers). Chill until ready to fill. Follow recipe for basic butter cookies to make dough, then divide dough in half. Divide 1 half (keep remaining dough chilled, covered) into 24 pieces (about 1 1/2 teaspoons  <END>
INPUT: Italian, puffs, egg whites, Parmesan, cayenne, vegetable oil deep
OUTPUT: TITLE: Parmesan Puffs | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 2 large egg whites; 1 cup freshly grated Parmesan; a pinch cayenne; vegetable oil for deep-frying | INSTRUCTIONS: Put whites in a large bowl and let stand at room temperature 15 minutes. With an electric mixer beat whites until they hold stiff peaks and with a metal spoon thoroughly fold in Parmesan and cayenne. Roll mixture into about twenty 3/4-inch balls. In a 3-quart heavy kettle heat 1 inch oil to 375° F. Working in batches, fry balls, turning them, until golden, about 2 minutes, transferring to paper towels to drain. Serve Parmesan puffs warm as an accompaniment to soup or as an hors d'oeuvre. Put whites in a large bowl and let stand at room temperature 15 minutes. With an electric mixer beat whites <END>
INPUT: salad, soba, Asian sesame oil, bell pepper, English cucumber, jicama
OUTPUT: TITLE: Soba Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 oz soba (Japanese buckwheat noodles); 1 teaspoon Asian sesame oil; 1 medium red bell pepper, cut lengthwise into thin strips; 1/2 English cucumber (8 oz), seeded and cut into 1/8-inch-thick matchsticks; 1/2 lb jicama (1/2 medium), peeled and cut into 1/8-inch-thick matchsticks; 2 oz mizuma or chopped trimmed baby mustard greens (2 cups); 4 scallions, cut into 3-inch-long julienne strips; 1 tablespoon seasoned rice vinegar; 1/4 teaspoon salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring 4 quarts salted water to a rolling boil in a 5- to 6-quart pot over moderately high heat. Stir in noodles and 1/2 cup cold water. When water returns to a boil, add another 1/2 cup cold water and bring to a boil again, then repeat procedure once more. Test noodles for doneness (soba should be just tender but still firm and chewy throughout). Drain noodles in a colander and rinse well under cold water, then drain again, thoroughly. Toss noodles with sesame oil in a large bowl. Toss together remaining ingredients in another bowl, then add to noodles and toss again to combine. Bring 4 quarts <END>
INPUT: filtered water, coffee, kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Coffee | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 36 ounces filtered water; 12 tablespoons freshly ground coffee; 1/4 teaspoon kosher salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Pour water into the water chamber of the coffee maker. Place coffee into an unbleached paper filter and sprinkle with the salt. Once brewed, immediately transfer coffee to a thermos to hold. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, salsa, tomatillos, jalapeno chiles, water, onion, cilantro
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tomatillo Salsa | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound tomatillos, husked, washed and cut into quarters; 2 to 4 large jalapeno chiles, stemmed, seeded if desired and roughly chopped; 1/2 cup cold water; 1/2 medium onion, cut in half; 2 bunches cilantro, stems and leaves; 2 teaspoons salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Place the tomatillos, jalapenos and water in a blender or a food processor fitted with the metal blade. Puree just until chunky. Then add the remaining ingredients and puree about 2 minutes more, or until no large chunks remain. This salsa keeps in the refrigerator, in a covered container, about 3 days. <END>
INPUT: hash, sweet potato, canola oil, pork, fennel seeds, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sweet and Spicy Pork Hash | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 large sweet potato, cut into 1/2-inch dice; 2 teaspoons canola oil; 1 pound lean ground pork; 2 teaspoons fennel seeds; 1 teaspoon crushed red pepper; Pinch ground black pepper; 4 cloves garlic, minced; 1 small onion, minced; 1/2 teaspoon coarse sea salt, optional; 4 eggs | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Bring a pot of water to a boil in a medium saucepan. Add the sweet potatoes and cook until fork tender, about 10 minutes, then drain and set aside. Heat the oil in large nonstick skillet set over high heat. Add the pork and cook, stirring occasionally, until it is no longer pink, about 5 minutes. Reduce the heat to medium, add the fennel seeds, crushed red pepper and black pepper and stir for 1 minute. Add the garlic and onions to the pan, stirring constantly, and cook until the onions are translucent, about 5 minutes. Stir in the sweet potatoes and add the salt  <END>
INPUT: Mexican, wild, bill, olive oil, onion, grass fed beef, chili powder, cumin
OUTPUT: TITLE: Wild Bill's Hot Dog Chili | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1/2 yellow onion, chopped; 4 pounds ground grass-fed beef; 8 teaspoons chili powder; 4 teaspoons ground cumin; 1 1/2 teaspoons salt; Pinch saffron; 20 cooked hot dogs in buns | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat a large pot over medium-high heat and add the olive oil and onions, stirring often until softened. Add the beef and brown, pouring off the excess fat if desired. Stir in 1 cup water, the chili powder, cumin and salt. Add another cup water and mix thoroughly. Cook on medium-high for 30 minutes, then add the saffron. Simmer uncovered, stirring occasionally, until the meat is tender and the sauce is reduced and thickened, 1 1/2 to 2 hours. Cover and let cool to room temperature and then blend thoroughly in a food processor. Top the hot dogs with the chili and serve. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, paella, verde, tomatillos, poblano peppers, serrano chiles, virgin olive oil, Kosher salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pork and Chicken Paella Verde | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 pounds tomatillos, husks removed and washed; 6 poblano peppers; 2 serrano chiles; 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 1/2 pounds St. Louis pork ribs, cut into individual ribs; 1 1/2 pounds boneless, skinless chicken thighs, trimmed; 1 tablespoon ground cumin; 8 ounces Spanish chorizo, cut into 1/2-inch dice; 1 sweet onion, cut into 1/4-inch dice (2 cups); 1 red bell pepper, stemmed, seeded and cut into 1/4-inch dice; 3 cups bomba rice or other short grain rice; 4 cloves minced garlic; 6 cups low-sodium chicken broth; 2 limes, zested | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat a grill. Place the tomatillos, poblanos and serrano chiles on a baking sheet, then drizzle with 3 tablespoons of the oil and sprinkle some salt and pepper over the top. Place the tomatillos, poblanos and serranos directly over open flames on the grill and cook until the skins are charred and black all over, 2 to 3 minutes per side. Transfer the poblanos and serranos to a large bowl, then cover the bowl with plastic wrap and steam for 2 to 3 minutes. In the meantime, place the tomatillos in a food processor and set aside. Scrape away the charred skins from <END>
INPUT: callaloo, dasheen leaves spinach, vegetable oil, crabs, okra, pig's tail
OUTPUT: TITLE: Crab and Callaloo | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 bunch dasheen leaves* or spinach; 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, optional; 2 medium crabs, meat only; 12 okra, sliced; 1 pig's tail; 1 bunch green onions, chopped; 2 medium onions, chopped; 2 sprigs fresh thyme, leaves chopped; 1 clove garlic, chopped; 1 Scotch bonnet pepper, whole | INSTRUCTIONS: Strip the stalks from the dasheen leaves and wash and dry the leaves. Cut leaves into fine pieces. Set aside. Heat oil, if using, in a large pot over medium-high heat, and then add crab meat, okra, pig's tail, green onions, onions, thyme, and garlic. Saute for 3 to 4 minutes. Place whole hot pepper in pot, then add 2 cups of boiling water and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat and simmer for about 1 hour, or until all ingredients are tender. Remove hot pepper. Whisk in the dasheen leaves until well blended. Serve with rice, potatoes or boiled dasheen root. <END>
INPUT: sticky, sherry Shaoxing wine, oyster sauce, light sugar, short, kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sticky Five-Spice Short Ribs | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cups dry sherry or Shaoxing wine; 1/2 cup oyster sauce; 1/3 cup packed light brown sugar; 2 1/2 pounds short ribs, English cut; 1 tablespoon kosher salt; 2 teaspoons five-spice powder; 1 tablespoon vegetable oil; 6 medium garlic cloves, smashed; 1-inch piece ginger, sliced; 1 small serrano or Thai bird chile, or jalapeno pepper, halved | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat the oven to 350 degrees F and arrange a rack in the middle. Mix together sherry, oyster sauce, and brown sugar until evenly combined; set aside. Pat ribs dry with a paper towel and season well with salt and five-spice powder. Place a 3-quart Dutch oven or other heavy-bottomed, shallow pot with a tight-fitting lid over medium heat and add oil. When oil starts to smoke, add ribs and sear until well browned, about 2 minutes per side. Remove ribs to a plate and set aside. Discard all but 1 tablespoon drippings, return pan to stove, and add garlic, ginger, and chile and cook just until fragran <END>
INPUT: Asian, salad, vinaigrette, rice wine vinegar, soy sauce, honey, pepper flakes, lime
OUTPUT: TITLE: Edamame, Bok Choy and Mango Salad with Asian Vinaigrette | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup rice wine vinegar; 2 tablespoons soy sauce; 1 teaspoon honey; 1/4 teaspoon red pepper flakes; 1 lime, juiced; 2 tablespoons toasted sesame oil; 1 cup shelled frozen edamame, thawed; 1 cup bok choy, chiffonade, some greens reserved for garnish; 1 green mango, peeled and julienned; 1 tablespoon black sesame seeds | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. In a medium bowl, whisk together the vinegar, soy sauce, honey, pepper flakes and lime juice until smooth. Slowly whisk in the sesame oil. Add the edamame, bok choy and mango, and toss to coat with the dressing. Add the sesame seeds and toss again to combine. Serve garnished with the reserved bok choy greens. <END>
INPUT: tart, sheet puff pastry, Golden Delicious apples, water, sugar, fennel bulbs
OUTPUT: TITLE: Apple Tart with Caramelized Fennel | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 sheet frozen puff pastry (half of 17 1/4-ounce package), thawed; 4 Golden Delicious apples, peeled, cored, chopped; 1/4 cup water; 2 tablespoons plus 3/4 cup sugar; 3 medium fennel bulbs (about 13 ounces each), halved lengthwise, stalks separated; 4 tablespoons (1/2 stick) unsalted butter; 2 teaspoons aniseed; Vanilla ice cream | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 425°F. Roll out puff pastry sheet on lightly floured surface to 12-inch square. Transfer to 9-inch-diameter tart pan with removable bottom. Trim overhang to 1 inch. Fold in overhang to form double-thick high-standing sides. Pierce pastry all over with fork. Freeze pastry shell 15 minutes. Line shell with foil and beans or pie weights. Bake until sides are set, about 20 minutes. Remove foil and beans. Bake until bottom is golden, about 8 minutes longer. Cool pastry shell. Place apples, 1/4 cup water and 2 tablespoons sugar in heavy medium saucepan. Simmer over medium heat until  <END>
INPUT: Asian, sesame seeds, unsalted butter, water, salt, long grain rice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sesame Rice | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons sesame seeds; 1 tablespoon unsalted butter; 1 cup water; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/2 cup long grain white rice (like Jasmine or Texmati); 1 tablespoon minced fresh parsley leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: In a 1 1/2 to 2 -quart saucepan toast sesame seeds in butter over moderate heat, stirring occasionally, until golden and transfer to a small plate. In same pan bring water to a boil with salt and stir in rice. Reduce heat to moderately low and simmer rice, covered, until most liquid is absorbed, about 15 minutes. Stir in parsley and sesame seeds with any remaining butter on plate and fluff rice with fork.; <END>
INPUT: cajun, maque, corn, olive oil, Kosher salt pepper, Tasso ham, Canola oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cajun Tasso Corn Maque Choux with Grilled Shrimp | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 8 ears corn; 1/4 cup olive oil, plus more for drizzling; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 pounds Tasso ham; Canola oil, for cooking; 8 cloves garlic, minced; 4 stalks celery, diced; 2 jalepenos, diced; 2 medium yellow onions, diced; 1 large red bell pepper, diced; 2 cups white wine; 3 dried bay leaves; 1 tablespoon fresh thyme; 2 teaspoons red pepper flakes; 1 tablespoon paprika, plus 2 teaspoons | INSTRUCTIONS: Prepare a grill for medium heat. Shuck the corn, being sure to remove all the silk. Season the ears with some olive oil, salt and black pepper. Grill, rotating the ears regularly, so as to char but not scorch, 10 to 15 minutes. Reserve. Dice the Tasso into approximately 1-centimeter cubes. Heat a large, heavy Dutch oven over medium-high heat. Add the Tasso with a little bit of canola oil and cook, stirring occasionally with a wooden spoon, until evenly browned, about 15 minutes. Remove and reserve, leaving any bits stuck to the bottom of the pan. Add a little more canola oil to the Dutch oven. <END>
INPUT: American, fragrant, sauce, Indian cheese, spinach, sweet pepper, light vegetable oil, all purpose flour
OUTPUT: TITLE: Indian Cheese and Red Peppers in Fragrant Spinach Sauce | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: Indian cheese (paneer) made with 8 cups milk (see tips, below) or 8 ounces farmer's cheese or 2 cakes tofu, sliced as paneer; 2 cups cooked spinach; 1 sweet green pepper, cored and seeded; 6-8 tablespoons light vegetable oil; 1/3 cup all-purpose flour for dusting; 1 1/2 cups finely chopped onion; 2 tablespoons grated or crushed fresh ginger; 1/2 teaspoon turmeric; 4 hot green chilies, minced; 1/2 cup water; 1 teaspoon coarse salt, or to taste; 2 medium-size sweet red peppers, cored, seeded, and cut into 1-inch-wide strips; 2 teaspoons garam masala (see tips, below) | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. Lay the paneer, farmer's cheese, or tofu pieces in a single layer on a cookie sheet lined with paper towels and let dry for 10 minutes (this will enable them to hold their shape better during cooking). 2. Puree the spinach and green pepper together in a food processor or blender. The puree should be as fine and velvety as you can make it. 3. Heat 4 tablespoons of the oil in a large, heavy, nonstick pan over medium heat. Dust the paneer pieces lightly with flour and add them to the pan. Fry them in batches, turning and tossing them until they turn light golden (about 2 or 3 minutes per batch <END>
INPUT: Olive oil greasing, plum tomatoes, salt, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Tomatoes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Olive oil for greasing pan plus additional for drizzling (optional); 6 large plum tomatoes (1 1/2 lb), halved lengthwise; 3/4 teaspoon salt; 1/2 teaspoon black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Put oven rack in middle position and preheat oven to 350°F. Oil a shallow baking pan. Arrange tomatoes, cut sides up, in 1 layer in pan and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Roast tomatoes until skins are wrinkled and beginning to brown on bottom, about 1 hour. Transfer to a serving dish and keep warm, covered with tented foil (do not let foil touch tomatoes), until ready to serve. Serve warm or at room temperature. Put oven rack in middle position and preheat oven to 350°F. Oil a shallow baking pan. Arrange tomatoes, cut sides up, in 1 layer in pan and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Roast tomato <END>
INPUT: salad, herbs, wine vinegar, garlic, Pepper, virgin olive oil, cubes crusty bread
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tomato Bread Salad with Herbs | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons red-wine vinegar; 2 garlic cloves, minced and mashed to a paste with a pinch salt; Pepper, to taste; 1/2 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 4 cups 3/4-inch cubes crusty bread; 1 pound vine-ripened red tomatoes, cut into 3/4-inch wedges; 1 pound vine-ripened yellow tomatoes, cut into 3/4-inch wedges; 1/2 cup nicoise or kalamata olives; 1/2 cup fresh basil leaves, washed well, spun dry and chopped fine; 2 tablespoons fresh marjoram leaves, chopped fine | INSTRUCTIONS: In a bowl whisk together the vinegar, garlic paste and pepper to taste, and whisk in oil until emulsified. Add the remaining ingredients and salt to taste and toss to combine well. Let salad stand at room temperature 15 minutes to allow bread to soak up some d <END>
INPUT: American, blueberry, flour, salt, butter, ice water, blueberries
OUTPUT: TITLE: Simple Blueberry Apple Pie | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/4 cups flour, plus extra for dusting; Pinch of salt; 1 stick butter, cut into small cubes and frozen; 1/4 cup ice water; 16 ounces fresh blueberries; 2 Golden Delicious apples, cored, peeled and cut into 1/2-inch dice; 1/2 cup sugar; 1/4 cup cornstarch; 1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 2 teaspoons fresh lemon juice; Pinch of salt; 2 tablespoons butter, cut into small cubes; 1 egg; 2 tablespoons turbinado sugar; Special equipment: 9-inch pie pan | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. For the crust: In a food processor, add the flour and a nice pinch of salt. Pulse very lightly just to blend. Add the butter evenly around the flour and quickly pulse until the flour resembles small crumbles. Slowly pour the water through the spout until the dough begins to come together. Remove and quickly form into a disc. Tightly cover with plastic wrap. Refrigerate for 20 minutes. Meanwhile, for the filling: In a large bowl, add the blueberries, apples, sugar, cornstarch, cinnamon, lemon juice and a pinch of salt. Stir to combine and set aside. Remove the <END>
INPUT: Italian, onion, carrots, celery, Kosher salt pepper, sage leaves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Whole Grain Medium Shells with Beans and Escarole | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 small onion, chopped; 2 medium carrots, chopped; 2 ribs celery, chopped; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper or 1/4 to 1/2 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes; 6 large sage leaves; 1 tablespoon fresh thyme leaves; 4 garlic cloves; 3 cups cooked borlotti beans; 1 (13.25-ounce) box Whole Grain Medium Shells; 1 head escarole, washed and leaves finely shredded (about 12 ounces); 1 cup freshly grated parmesan cheese; 1/4 cup sun-dried tomato pesto, optional | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. Heat olive oil in a large deep skillet over medium heat. Add onion, carrot, and celery and cook until vegetables are slightly softened, 5 minutes. Add 1 cup water, season with salt and pepper, cover and cook until tender, 10 minutes. 2. Meanwhile, finely chop sage, thyme, and garlic together. Stir chopped herb mixture and beans into vegetables. 3. Cook pasta according to package directions. After 5 minutes, stir in escarole and continue to cook, until shells are "al dente," 1 to 2 minutes more. Drain, reserving 1 1/2 cups pasta water. 4. Add pasta and escarole to the vegetables, tossing wit <END>
INPUT: Mexican, smoky, oil sun tomatoes, chipotle pepper adobo, cilantro leaves, sour cream, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Smoky Sun Dried Tomato Dip | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 8 oil-packed sun-dried tomatoes, finely chopped; 1 chipotle pepper in adobo, finely chopped; 1 tablespoon freshly chopped cilantro leaves; 2 cups sour cream; 1 teaspoon garlic, minced; Salt; Crudite platter and tortilla chips, for serving | INSTRUCTIONS: Finely chop 8 oil-packed sun-dried tomatoes, 1 chipotle pepper in adobo, and the cilantro. Place in medium mixing bowl. Add 2 cups sour cream and the garlic. Transfer to a serving bowl and season with salt, to taste. Serve with a crudite platter and tortilla chips. <END>
INPUT: capped, smoky, ancho chiles, honey, garlic, kosher salt, vegetable oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Ancho-Grilled Pork Loin Capped with Smoky Paprika Cream, Served over a Zesty Black-Eyed Pea Salad an | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 pound dried ancho chiles; 2 tablespoon honey; 1 tablespoon minced garlic; 1 tablespoon kosher salt; 1 cup vegetable oil; 3 pound center cut pork loin; Salt and pepper; 2 poblano peppers; Olive oil; 1/2 pound dried black-eyed peas; 2 plum tomatoes; 1 green bell pepper; 1/2 red onion; 1 ear fresh corn; 4 ounces Lime Vinaigrette | INSTRUCTIONS: Pork: Place the anchos in a large saucepan and cover with water. Place the pan over high heat and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat and simmer the peppers for 15 minutes, or until soft to the touch. Drain, run under cold water, and drain again. When cool enough to handle, pull the peppers open and remove all of the seeds. Place the flesh in the bowl of a food processor. Add the honey, garlic, and salt. With the processor running, add the oil in a slow stream. Process until the mixture forms a paste. Set aside. Sprinkle the pork with salt and pepper and set aside. Spray a large saute pan with co <END>
INPUT: Indian, cardamom pods, virgin olive oil, unsalted butter, asparagus, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Steamed Asparagus with Cardamom Butter | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons whole cardamom pods (about 50), smashed with the flat side of a knife; 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 1/4 cup unsalted butter; 2 pounds fresh asparagus, tough woody stems snapped off; 1/2 teaspoon salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Toast the cardamom pods in a heavy skillet for about 5 minutes over low heat, shaking the pan from time to time until the cardamom is very fragrant. Add the olive oil and butter and slowly heat to infuse the oil and butter with the cardamom flavor for about 10 to 15 minutes while the asparagus is cooking. Rinse the asparagus stalks and arrange in a heatproof plate, such as a pie or quiche pan, or in a steamer basket. (If using bamboo, line the basket with a piece of parchment or wax paper.) Fill a large pot or a wok with several inches of water and heat until boiling. If using a plate, set it  <END>
INPUT: Asian, olive oil, sesame oil, soy sauce, rice vinegar, Homemade Sriracha
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spicy Roasted Cauliflower with Sriracha and Sesame | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1/3 cup olive oil; 1 teaspoon sesame oil; 3/4 tablespoon soy sauce; 1 tablespoon rice vinegar; 2 tablespoons store-bought or Homemade Sriracha, or to taste; 1 head cauliflower (about 2 pounds), cut into 3/4" florets; Minced cilantro, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 400°. Grease a rimmed baking sheet or line it with parchment paper. In a large bowl, combine olive oil, sesame oil, soy sauce, vinegar, and Sriracha. Whisk well. Gently add cauliflower and coat with marinade. Arrange cauliflower on baking sheet and roast for 10 minutes. Turn cauliflower over and roast for another 10 minutes, or until tender. Garnish with cilantro and serve Preheat oven to 400°. Grease a rimmed baking sheet or line it with parchment paper. In a large bowl, combine olive oil, sesame oil, soy sauce, vinegar, and Sriracha. Whisk well. Gently add cauliflower and coa <END>
INPUT: crisp, all purpose flour, cardamom, ginger, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Nectarine and Almond Crisp | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 cup plus 1 tablespoon all purpose flour; 1/2 cup (packed) golden brown sugar, divided; 1 1/4 teaspoons ground cardamom, divided; 1 teaspoon ground ginger, divided; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 2 ounces almond paste (about 1/3 cup), crumbled; 6 tablespoons (3/4 stick) chilled unsalted butter, cut into 1/2-inch cubes; 1 1/2 cups sliced almonds; 2 1/2 to 2 3/4 pounds nectarines (about 8 cups), each cut into 8 wedges; 1/2 cup apricot preserves | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 400°F. Butter 11 x 7 x 2-inch glass baking dish. Blend 3/4 cup flour, 1/4 cup brown sugar, 3/4 teaspoon cardamom, 1/2 teaspoon ginger, and salt in processor. Add almond paste and process until fine crumbs form. Add butter and process using on/off turns until mixture begins to clump together. Transfer to bowl. Mix in almonds. Toss nectarine wedges, apricot preserves, remaining 1 tablespoon flour, 1/4 cup sugar, 1/2 teaspoon cardamom, and 1/2 teaspoon ginger in large bowl to coat. Transfer to prepared baking dish; sprinkle topping over. Bake until topping is golden, nectarines ar <END>
INPUT: puffed rice, flax seed oil, orange blossom honey, mini marshmallows, slivered almonds
OUTPUT: TITLE: Brown Rice Crispy Bar | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 ounces puffed brown rice, approximately 6 cups; 3 tablespoons flax seed oil, plus extra for the pan; 1 tablespoon orange blossom honey; 7 ounces mini marshmallows, approximately 4 cups; 3 ounces toasted slivered almonds, approximately 3/4 cup; 1 1/2 ounces coarsely chopped dried cranberries, approximately 1/3 cup; 1 1/2 ounces coarsely chopped dried cherries, approximately 1/3 cup; 1-ounce dried blueberries, approximately 1/3 cup | INSTRUCTIONS: Lightly coat the inside of a 13 by 9 by 2-inch metal pan with oil and set aside. Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Spread the brown puffed rice evenly on a sheet pan. Toast in the oven for 4 minutes, stirring occasionally. While the rice is toasting, prepare the marshmallow mixture. Place the oil, honey, and marshmallows in a large mixing bowl set over a pot of gently simmering water. Stir until the marshmallows are melted, approximately 4 to 5 minutes. Once the marshmallows are melted, quickly add the toasted brown rice, almonds, and fruit and stir to combine. Coat your hands or a spatula wi <END>
INPUT: Italian, ravioli, bittersweet, all purpose flour, cocoa powder, sugar, salt, eggs
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate Ravioli in Bittersweet Chocolate Sauce | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cups all-purpose flour; 1/4 cup cocoa powder, plus more for dusting; 3 tablespoons sugar; Pinch of salt; 3 large eggs; 3 cups milk; 1 vanilla bean, split lengthwise; 1/2 cup sugar; 5 egg yolks; 1/3 cup cornstarch; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1/2 pound hazelnut chocolate (gianduja), roughly chopped; 1/2 cup heavy cream; 1/2 cup milk; 1 tablespoon sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: For the pasta dough, sift the flour, cocoa powder, sugar, and salt into a large mixing bowl and whisk to blend. Make a well in the center of the dry ingredients and place the eggs in the well. Using a fork, slowly incorporate the eggs into the flour, until all the eggs have been absorbed. Transfer the dough to a work surface and, using the palm of your hand, lightly knead the dough for 3 to 4 minutes. If the dough is sticky, sprinkle a little flour on the kneading surface. The dough is ready if, when you make an impression in it with the tip of your finger, the dough bounces back. Shape into a <END>
INPUT: soup, butter, onion, celery, scallions, all purpose flour
OUTPUT: TITLE: Oyster Soup | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 pound fresh butter; I yellow onion, finely diced; 1 stalk celery, finely diced; 2 scallions, finely chopped; 1/4 cup all purpose flour; 1/2 cup dry sherry; 1 cup cream; 2 cups whole milk; Salt and fresh white pepper; Dash hot sauce; 2 pints fresh oysters; 3 tablespoons finely chopped parsley | INSTRUCTIONS: In a heavy bottomed stock pot, melt butter and saute onion, celery, and whites of scallions. Cook briefly then add flour and stir for approximately 5 minutes. Add sherry, stir together, then add cream and milk and whisk until smooth. Allow to simmer for about 15 to 20 minutes. Add salt, pepper, hot sauce and oysters. Bring to a slight simmer. Remove from heat and stir in parsley and scallion tops. Serve the soup topped with a dollop of whole butter.; <END>
INPUT: almonds, dates, honey, Vegetable oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Honey Almond Date Balls | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 pound raw almonds; 2 pints pitted dates, preferably Medjool; 1/4 cup honey; Vegetable oil, for forming balls | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Grind almond in a food processor until finely chopped. Transfer to a baking sheet and toast in oven for 5 to 7 minutes, until fragrant and a shade darker. Roughly chop dates and add to food processor. Pulse until finely chopped and dates form a ball. Remove from processor to a bowl. Add half of the ground almonds to the dates, leaving the reserved almonds on the baking pan to roll the balls in once formed. Add honey to the date and almond mixture. Mix together until evenly incorporated and smooth. Coat hands with some vegetable oil so that mixture does not stick  <END>
INPUT: Italian, pesto, basil leaves, garlic, walnuts, virgin olive oil, parmesan
OUTPUT: TITLE: Basil-Walnut Pesto and Tomato on a Baguette | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups fresh basil leaves (washed and dried); 4 large cloves garlic; 1 cup walnuts; 1 cup extra virgin olive oil; 1 cup freshly grated parmesan; 1/4 cup freshly grated romano; salt and pepper to taste; 1 baguette; 4 tomatoes | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine basil, garlic and walnuts in a food processor and chop well. Slowly drizzle in olive oil, keeping processor going. Once oil is combined, turn off processor and add cheeses, salt and pepper. Stir to combine. Keeps well in refrigerator for up to a week. To make sandwiches: Cut baguette into sandwich-size pieces. Cut each piece down the center, leaving one side intact. Slather bread with pesto. Slice four tomatoes thinly and distribute between sandwiches. <END>
INPUT: salad, cellophane noodles, carrot, cucumbers, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Asian Chicken Salad with Cellophane Noodles | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 1/2 to 5 ounces cellophane noodles (bean threads, available at Asian markets and many supermarkets); 4 cups shredded, poached chicken (from about 3 pounds chicken breasts); 1 cup finely grated carrot; 2 cucumbers peeled, seeded, and chopped; 4 large garlic cloves; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/4 cup soy sauce; 1/2 cup fresh lime juice; 1 tablespoon sugar; 1 tablespoon peanut butter; 1 1/4 teaspoons dried hot red pepper flakes; 1/4 cup vegetable oil; 1/3 cup coarsely crushed roasted peanuts, or to taste | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large heatproof bowl pour boiling water to cover over the noodles and let them stand for 10 minutes. Drain the noodles and arrange them on a platter or divide them among 6 plates. In a bowl combine the chicken, the carrot, and the cucumbers. Make the dressing: Mince and mash the garlic to a paste with the salt. In a blender blend together the soy sauce, the lime juice, the sugar, the peanut butter, the red pepper flakes, and the garlic paste, with the motor running add the oil in a stream, and blend the dressing until it is emulsified. Pour 1/2 the dressing over the chicken mixture. Toss  <END>
INPUT: Italian, salad, pesto, marinated artichoke hearts, olive oil, shallot, wine vinegar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Artichoke, Cherry Tomato, and Feta Salad with Artichoke-Pesto Crostini | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 12-ounce jar marinated artichoke hearts, drained; 3 tablespoons (packed) finely grated Parmesan cheese; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1/4 cup chopped shallot (about 1 large); 1/4 cup red wine vinegar; 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh Italian parsley plus additional for sprinkling; 1 tablespoon whole grain Dijon mustard; 1 garlic clove, minced; 3/4 cup olive oil; 12 1/2-inch-thick diagonal baguette slices, toasted; 3 5-ounce packages mixed baby greens; 2 12-ounce jars marinated artichoke hearts, drained; 1 12-ounce container yellow and red cherry tomatoes, halved; 1 cup crumbled feta cheese (about 4 ounces) | INSTRUCTIONS: For pesto: Place all ingredients in processor. Blend until finely chopped. Season to taste with salt and pepper. DO AHEAD: Can be made 1 day ahead. Cover and chill. Place all ingredients in processor. Blend until finely chopped. Season to taste with salt and pepper. DO AHEAD: Can be made 1 day ahead. Cover and chill. For salad: Whisk shallot, vinegar, 2 tablespoons chopped parsley, mustard, and garlic in medium bowl. Gradually whisk in oil. Season to taste with salt and pepper. DO AHEAD: vinaigrette can be made 1 day ahead. Cover and chill. Spread 1 tablespoon pesto over each baguette slice. S <END>
INPUT: mashed, Burbank russet, shallots, garlic, salt, cider vinegar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Shallot Mashed Potatoes with Garlic | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 to 5 medium Burbank russet (Idaho) or Yukon gold potatoes, peeled, and sliced 1/3-inch-thick; 3 medium shallots, crushed, plus5 shallots, finely minced; 2 cloves garlic, crushed, 2 cloves garlic, finely minced; 2 teaspoons and 2 teaspoons salt; 1/2 teaspoon cider vinegar; 3 tablespoons butter; 1/4 teaspoon white pepper; 1 cup heavy or whipping cream; 1/2 to 1 cup half-and-half or milk | INSTRUCTIONS: Precook the potatoes by heating enough water (about 6 cups) to cover them in a large pot over high heat until hot but well below a simmer. Turn heat down to low and add the potato slices, crushed shallots and garlic, 2 teaspoons salt, and vinegar. The potatoes will cool the water down to about 160 degrees. Cook at about this temperature, well below a simmer, for about 20 minutes. Drain and run cold water over the potato slices to cool them. Let them stand in water in the pot until you?re ready to finish cooking, or drain, cover, and refrigerate. When ready to mash, saute the minced shallots an <END>
INPUT: farmhouse, soup, bacon, garlic, caraway seeds, butternut squash, carrots
OUTPUT: TITLE: Farmhouse Butternut Squash Soup | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 bacon slices; 4 large garlic cloves, chopped; 1 teaspoon caraway seeds; 2 pounds butternut squash, peeled, seeded, and chopped; 1/2 pounds carrots, chopped; 1 Granny Smith apple, peeled, cored, and chopped; 3 thyme sprigs; 2 Turkish bay leaves or 1 California; 3 1/2 cups reduced-sodium chicken broth; 2 cups water; 1 to 1 1/2 teaspoons cider vinegar | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook bacon in a 4-to 6-quart heavy pot over medium heat until crisp. Transfer bacon to paper towels to drain. Add garlic and caraway seeds to fat in pot and cook, stirring occasionally, until garlic is pale golden, about 1 minute. Add squash, carrots, apple, thyme, bay leaves, broth, water, 3/4 teaspoon salt, and 1/2 teaspoon pepper and boil, uncovered, until vegetables are tender, 15 to 20 minutes. Discard thyme and bay leaves. Purée about 4 cups soup in a blender, in batches if necessary, until smooth (use caution when blending hot liquids). Return to pot and season with salt, pepper, and vi <END>
INPUT: hash, fennel bulbs fronds, olive oil, Yukon Gold potatoes, fine sea salt, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fennel and Potato Hash | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 small fennel bulbs with fronds; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1 1/2 pounds Yukon Gold potatoes, peeled, cut into 1/2-to 3/4-inch cubes, patted dry; 1/2 teaspoon fine sea salt; Freshly ground pepper; 1 garlic clove, chopped; 1/4 cup coarsely chopped fresh Italian parsley | INSTRUCTIONS: Cut fennel into 1/2-inch cubes (there should be about 4 scant cups). Finely chop enough fennel fronds to measure 1/4 cup. Cook fennel in boiling salted water until just tender, 3 minutes. Drain; set aside. Heat 2 tablespoons oil in heavy large nonstick skillet over medium heat. Add potatoes. Cook until golden and crisp, turning often, 20 to 25 minutes. Using potato masher, crush potatoes in skillet. Add fennel, salt, and pepper. Cook until fennel is golden, stirring often, 2 to 3 minutes. Add garlic and cook 2 minutes. Stir in parsley. Serve hot. Cut fennel into 1/2-inch cubes (there should be <END>
INPUT: Asian, sausage, boned chicken thighs, boned turkey thighs, basil, mint
OUTPUT: TITLE: Thai Chicken and Turkey Sausage | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1 3/4 pounds boned chicken thighs with skin (about 2 1/4 pounds with bones) or 1 3/4 pounds ground chicken; 1 3/4 pounds boned turkey thighs with skin (about 2 1/4 pounds with bones) or 1 3/4 pounds ground turkey; 1 bunch (4 to 6 ounces) fresh cilantro, including stems and roots, cleaned and chopped (about 1 cup); 3 tablespoons chopped fresh basil; 3 tablespoons chopped fresh mint; 1 1/2 tablespoons chopped garlic; 1 1/2 tablespoons chopped fresh ginger; 1 to 2 tablespoons Thai green curry paste; 1 tablespoon kosher salt; 1 teaspoon red pepper flakes; 1 tablespoon freshly ground black pepper; 1 teaspoon ground cayenne pepper; Medium hog casings | INSTRUCTIONS: If using chicken and turkey thighs, coarsely grind the meat and skin through a 3/8-inch plate or chop coarsely in batches in a food processor. In a large bowl, combine the ground poultry with the cilantro, fish sauce, basil, mint, garlic, ginger, curry paste, salt, red pepper flakes, black pepper, and cayenne. Knead thoroughly with your hands. Fry a small patty until done and taste for salt, pepper, and other seasonings. Stuff the sausage into medium hog casings, and tie into 5-inch links. The sausage will keep for 3 days in the refrigerator, or for 2 months in the freezer. <END>
INPUT: limeade, mint leaves, honey syrupepi:recipelink, lime juice, soda seltzer
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mint Limeade | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup mint leaves; 2 ounces honey syrupepi:recipelink; 1 1/2 ounces lime juice; chilled club soda or seltzer | INSTRUCTIONS: In 12-ounce glass, muddle mint and simple syrup for about 8 seconds. Add ice and lime juice, then fill with club soda. Stir well and serve. In 12-ounce glass, muddle mint and simple syrup for about 8 seconds. Add ice and lime juice, then fill with club soda. Stir well and serve. <END>
INPUT: vichyssoise, butter, leeks, garlic, thyme, marjoram
OUTPUT: TITLE: Vichyssoise with Sour Cream and Chives | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 teaspoons butter; 2 leeks, rinsed well and chopped; 2 cloves garlic, minced; 1 teaspoon dried thyme; 1 teaspoon dried marjoram; 4 cups leftover cooked new potatoes; 6 cups reduced-sodium vegetable or chicken broth; 1 cup reduced-fat sour cream; Salt and ground black pepper; 4 teaspoons chopped fresh chives | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat butter in a large stock pot or Dutch oven over medium heat. Add leeks and garlic and cook 3 minutes, until soft. Add thyme and marjoram and cook 1 minute, until fragrant. Add potatoes and broth, increase heat to high and bring to a boil. Reduce heat, partially cover and simmer 5 minutes. Using an immersion blender, puree until smooth (or puree in a blender and return mixture to pot). Remove from heat and whisk in sour cream. Season, to taste, with salt and black pepper. Ladle soup into bowls and top with chives. <END>
INPUT: firehouse, garlic, distilled vinegar, olive oil, kosher salt, parsley
OUTPUT: TITLE: Firehouse Chicken | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 garlic cloves, chopped; 2 cups distilled white vinegar; 1/2 cup olive oil; 1/4 cup kosher salt; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley; 2 tablespoons paprika; 1 tablespoons freshly ground black pepper; 1 cup vegetable oil, divided; 1 (3 1/2–4 pound) chicken, halved | INSTRUCTIONS: Purée garlic, vinegar, olive oil, salt, parsley, paprika, pepper, and 1/2 cup vegetable oil in a blender until smooth. Place chicken in a large resealable plastic bag and pour marinade over. Seal bag and chill chicken 1–3 days. Remove chicken from marinade and pat dry with paper towels. Let sit uncovered at room temperature 1 hour. Preheat oven to 400°F. Heat remaining 1/2 cup vegetable oil in a large cast-iron skillet over medium heat. Place 1 chicken half, skin side down, in skillet, set another skillet or heavy pot on top, and add a couple of cans to weigh it down. Cook until skin is browne <END>
INPUT: Mexican, enchiladas, cubed venison stew, onion, garlic, Salt pepper, chili powder
OUTPUT: TITLE: Venison Enchiladas | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2 pounds cubed venison stew meat; 1 medium yellow onion, diced; 2 tablespoons chopped garlic; Salt and pepper; 1 tablespoon ground chili powder; 1 tablespoon brown sugar; 1 bunch cilantro, leaves chopped; 1/2 cup reduced chicken stock; 5 cups shredded colby-jack cheese; 12 corn tortillas; 4 tablespoons canola oil; Red Enchilada Sauce, recipe follows; 1 red bell pepper; 2 cups canola oil; 1 1/2 onions, chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat oil in a large heavy skillet until almost smoking. Carefully add venison meat, chopped onion and chopped garlic, season with salt and pepper and brown the meat, stirring occasionally. Add chili powder, brown sugar and cilantro. Deglaze this with the chicken stock. Removed from heat and allow to cool. Stir in 3 cups of the shredded cheese. Preheat oven to 375 degrees F. Soften 12 corn tortillas in a microwave oven, wrapped in a damp cloth for 10 to 20 seconds on high, until soft and pliable. Spoon 2 to 3 tablespoons of venison mix into center of tortilla and roll. Place rolled enchiladas i <END>
INPUT: Mexican, salad, vinaigrette, spinach, watercress, onion, olive oil, lime juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spinach and Watercress Salad with Lime Vinaigrette | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 bunch spinach, stems removed, washed and dried; 2 bunches watercress, trimmed and washed; 1 small red onion, julienned; 1/2 cup olive oil; 2 tablespoons freshly squeezed lime juice; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 1/8 teaspoon freshly ground pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine the spinach, watercress and onion in a bowl. Whisk together the olive oil, lime juice, salt and pepper. Pour over the salad and toss to coat well. Serve immediately on chilled plates. <END>
INPUT: kissel, Granny Smith apples, cranberry juice, sugar, cinnamon, potato starch
OUTPUT: TITLE: Apple-Cranberry Kissel with Sweet Sour Cream | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 5 Granny Smith apples, peeled, cored and chopped; 2 cups cranberry juice; 1 cup sugar; 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 3 tablespoons potato starch; 1 cup cold water; 1 1/2 cups sour cream; 1/4 cup brown sugar; 1 teaspoon fresh lemon juice; 8 to 10 gingersnaps, crushed | INSTRUCTIONS: Add the apples, cranberry juice, sugar and cinnamon to a saucepan. Bring to a boil over high heat. Reduce heat to low, cover, and simmer until the apples are very soft, about 10 minutes. Dissolve the potato starch in 1 cup cold water. Pour this slurry into the hot apple mixture, stirring constantly. Continue stirring until the kissel starts to bubble again, about 1 minute. Remove from the heat and pour into individual dessert dishes. Allow them to cool then refrigerate them for at least 2 hours. In a small bowl mix the sour cream with the brown sugar and lemon juice. To serve, put a good dollo <END>
INPUT: confit, salt, parsley, tarragon, sage, chives
OUTPUT: TITLE: Turkey Confit | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 cups salt; 1 bunch fresh parsley; 1 bunch fresh tarragon; 1 bunch fresh sage; 1 bunch fresh chives; 2 whole turkey breasts, about 12 pounds; 1 gallon duck fat | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Place the salt and all the herbs into a food processor and process until the salt is pure green. Set aside. Place the turkey breasts on a wire rack above a sheet pan and place in the refrigerator to dry for 3 hours. Take out and rub the salt all over the turkey breasts. Return to the refrigerator for another 2 hours. Take out and rinse all the salt off in cold running water. Place back on a clean rack on a sheet pan and let sit overnight in the refrigerator. Preheat the oven to 250 degrees F. Take the turkey out and place, skin side up, in a deep hotel pan. Cover <END>
INPUT: bombe, sugar, water, cubed, lime juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cantaloupe, Honeydew, and Almond Bombe | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/3 cups sugar; 1 1/3 cups water; 3 cups cubed (1/2 inch) ripe cantaloupe; 1/4 cup fresh lime juice; 2 cups cubed (1/2 inch) ripe honeydew melon; Vegetable oil for brushing mold; 1 pint super premium vanilla ice cream, slightly softened; 1 1/2 cups slivered almonds (7 ounces), toasted; 1/8 teaspoon almond extract; Special equipment: an ice cream maker; a 7- to 8-cup decorative metal mold in the shape of a half-melon or a 2-quart metal bowl | INSTRUCTIONS: Make sorbets: Bring sugar and water to a boil in a 1-quart saucepan, stirring until sugar is dissolved. Remove from heat and cool syrup. Purée cantaloupe with 2 tablespoons lime juice in a blender, then transfer to a bowl and stir in 1 cup sugar syrup. Purée honeydew with remaining 2 tablespoons lime juice in cleaned blender, then transfer to another bowl and stir in remaining cup sugar syrup. Chill both mixtures, covered, until cold, about 2 hours. Freeze sorbets separately in ice cream maker. Transfer to airtight containers and freeze until firm but still spreadable, about 30 minutes. Bring  <END>
INPUT: stir, unsalted peanuts, carrots, vegetable oil, hot pepper flakes, Squeeze lime juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Stir-Fried Spicy Carrots with Peanuts | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup unsalted peanuts; 1 pound medium carrots; 3 tablespoons vegetable oil, preferably peanut; 1/4 teaspoon hot red pepper flakes; Squeeze fresh lime juice | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Put the peanuts in a shallow pan and bake for 10 minutes. Let cool and chop coarse. Coarsely grate the carrots. Heat the oil in a large wok or skillet over high heat until hot but not smoking. Add the carrots and cook, stirring constantly, until cooked evenly, about 5 minutes. Stir in the peanuts and pepper flakes and season with salt and pepper. Finish with a squeeze of lime juice and serve hot. <END>
INPUT: sauce, Salt, campanelle pasta, Pecorino Romano cheese, mint
OUTPUT: TITLE: Campanelle with Spicy Mint Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Salt; 1 pound campanelle pasta; 1 cup grated Pecorino Romano cheese; 1 1/4 cups chopped fresh mint; 1/2 cup grated Pecorino Romano cheese; 1/2 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 1 large serrano chile, stemmed, seeded and coarsely chopped; 1 clove garlic, peeled and smashed | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. For the pasta: Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil over high heat. Add the pasta and cook until tender but still firm to the bite, stirring occasionally, 8 to 10 minutes. Drain and transfer to a serving bowl. Add the cheese and toss until coated. For the sauce: Combine the mint, cheese, oil, chile and garlic in a food processor. Blend until smooth. Add the sauce to the pasta and toss until coated. <END>
INPUT: American, meatloaf, filled, bell peppers, fine bread crumbs, heavy cream, onion, unsalted butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Meatloaf-Filled Green Bell Peppers | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 6 green bell peppers (about 1/2 pound each); 1/2 cup fine dry bread crumbs; 1 cup heavy cream; 3/4 cup finely chopped onion; 3 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1 1/4 pounds lean ground chuck; 1/2 pound ground pork; 1/4 cup chopped scallion greens; 1/4 cup minced fresh parsley leaves; 1 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/8 teaspoon ground cloves | INSTRUCTIONS: In a kettle of boiling salted water blanch the bell peppers, covered partially, for 3 minutes and transfer them to a bowl of ice and cold water to stop the cooking. Cut 3/4 inch from the stem end of each bell pepper, reserving the bottoms, and chop fine the flesh from around the stems, discarding the stems. In a bowl let the bread crumbs soak in the cream for 8 minutes, or until the cream is absorbed. In a skillet cook the onion in the butter over moderately low heat, stirring occasionally, until it is softened and let it cool. Stir the onion mixture into the bread crumb mixture, stir in the c <END>
INPUT: pilaf, basmati rice, onion, olive oil, lamb shank, water
OUTPUT: TITLE: Rice Pilaf with Lamb, Carrots, and Raisins | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 cups basmati rice (7 ounces); 1 medium onion, chopped; 3 tablespoons olive oil; 1 1/2 pounds boneless lamb shank (from 2 1/4 pounds bone-in shanks), cut into 1 1/2- to 2-inch pieces; 4 1/2 to 5 cups water, divided; 2 large carrots, cut into 1/8-inch-thick matchsticks; 1 cup raisins (6 ounces); Accompaniments: chicken kebabs and cilantro garlic yogurt sauce | INSTRUCTIONS: Wash rice in several changes of cold water in a bowl until water is almost clear. Soak rice in cold water 1 hour, then drain well in a sieve. While rice soaks, cook onion in oil in a wide 5- to 6-quart heavy pot over medium-high heat, stirring occasionally, until pale golden, about 5 minutes. Pat lamb dry and sprinkle with 1 teaspoon salt. Add to onion and brown on all sides, about 8 minutes total. Add 1 cup water and bring to a simmer. Cover pot and reduce heat to low, then braise lamb, stirring occasionally, until meat is tender, about 45 minutes. Stir in drained rice, carrots, raisins, and  <END>
INPUT: applewood smoked bacon, thyme, Golden Delicious apples, virgin olive oil, superfine sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Baked Apples and Bacon | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 12 strips applewood smoked bacon; 4 to 6 sprigs fresh thyme, leaves only; 3 medium Golden Delicious apples; Extra-virgin olive oil; 2 tablespoons superfine sugar; Baby arugula | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Arrange the bacon on a sheet tray, sprinkle with some of the thyme and bake until crispy, about 12 to 15 minutes. Slice the apples horizontally to create 5 to 6 cross sections of the apple. On a separate sheet tray lined with a silpat or parchment paper lay the apples out in a single layer and drizzle with a little olive oil. Sprinkle a little sugar and thyme on each slice then bake in the oven until the apples begin to dehydrate and sugar has melted and caramelized, about 8 to 10 minutes To serve, lay the apple and bacon slices <END>
INPUT: Italian, cherry, pesto, sundried cherries, wine, olive oil, links vegetarian sausages, portobello mushroom
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sundried Cherry Pesto with Purple Passion Rice | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup sundried cherries; 1/4 cup white wine; 1 tablespoon olive oil; 1 1/2 links vegetarian sausages, sliced on the bias; 1 portobello mushroom, thinly sliced; 1 carrot, julienned; 1/2 cup julienned leeks; 1/2 cup fresh basil leaves; 1/4 cup roasted walnuts; 6 to 10 cloves roasted garlic; 1 cup virgin olive oil; 1/4 cup grated Pecorino Romano cheese (or omit if vegetarian); 2 cups cooked purple passion rice; 1/2 cup baby spinach | INSTRUCTIONS: In a small sauce pot combine the cherries and wine, reduce by 1/3 and let cool. While the cherries are cooling, heat 1 tablespoon olive oil in a large saute pan and saute sausages, mushroom, carrot, and leeks, until soft and the sausages are cooked through, about 4 minutes. Remove the pan from the heat and set aside. Finish the pesto by combining the cherries, basil, walnuts, and garlic in a food processor and pulse. While blending, slowly add 1 cup of olive oil until all is incorporated and you have a well emulsified pesto. Remove pesto to a mixing bowl and, if using, fold in the cheese. To t <END>
INPUT: Italian, black, risotto, olive oil, onion, garlic, arborio rice, wine
OUTPUT: TITLE: Black Squid Ink Risotto with Grilled Prawns, Lobster and Green Onion Vinaigrette | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons olive oil; 1 large onion, finely chopped; 3 cloves garlic, finely chopped; 2 cups arborio rice; 1 cup dry white wine; 6 cups shrimp stock, clam stock or vegetable stock; 2 tablespoons squid ink; 1/2 pound squid, cut into 1/4-inch rings; 1/4 cup finely chopped flat leaf parsley; Salt and freshly ground pepper; 8 prawns, shelled, deveined, head on; Olive oil; Salt and pepper; 8 scallions; 1/2 large white onion, cut into chunks | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat olive oil in medium saucepan over medium-high heat. Add onions and garlic and saute until soft. Add the rice and mix to coat with the oil and cook for 2 minutes. Raise the heat to high, add the wine and cook until all the liquid has evaporated. Place the stock and the squid ink in a large saucepan over high heat and stir to combine. Begin adding the hot squid stock 1 1/2 cups at a time and cook until the liquid is absorbed. Continue until the stock is gone and the rice is al dente. Add the squid and cook for 2 to 3 minutes. Stir in the parsley and season with salt and pepper to taste. Pre <END>
INPUT: Italian, soup, onion, carrot, celery, reduced sodium chicken, water
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pesto Pea Soup | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 small onion, finely chopped; 1 medium carrot, thinly sliced; 1 medium celery rib, thinly sliced; 1 3/4 cups reduced-sodium chicken broth; 2 cups water; 1 pound frozen peas (3 3/4 cups); 1/4 cup store-bought basil pesto plus additional for serving | INSTRUCTIONS: Simmer onion, carrot, and celery in broth and water with 1/2 teaspoon salt and 1/4 teaspoon pepper in a medium saucepan, covered, until tender, about 6 minutes. Add peas and simmer, uncovered, until bright green and tender, about 3 minutes. Stir in pesto, then purée soup in 2 batches in a blender until smooth (use caution when blending hot liquids). Season with salt. Simmer onion, carrot, and celery in broth and water with 1/2 teaspoon salt and 1/4 teaspoon pepper in a medium saucepan, covered, until tender, about 6 minutes. Add peas and simmer, uncovered, until bright green and tender, about  <END>
INPUT: American, salad, crumbled cheese, vegetable oil, mayonnaise, wine vinegar, hot sauce
OUTPUT: TITLE: Iceberg Lettuce Salad | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 6 ounces crumbled blue cheese, at room temperature; 2/3 cup vegetable oil; 1/3 cup mayonnaise; 2 tablespoons white wine vinegar; 1 tablespoon hot sauce, such as Crystal or Louisiana, plus more if desired; Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper; 1 head iceberg lettuce, cut into quarters through the equator (circular slices); 1 cup cherry tomatoes, cut into quarters; 6 slices cooked bacon, crumbled or chopped into pieces; 1/4 cup thinly sliced chives | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. For the dressing: In a medium bowl, whisk together the blue cheese, oil, mayonnaise, vinegar and hot sauce. Season with salt and pepper and add more hot sauce if preferred. Set aside. For the salad: Divide the lettuce rounds among 4 plates. Pour 1/2 cup of the dressing over each. Top each with one-quarter of the tomatoes and bacon. Sprinkle some chives on top. Serve immediately. <END>
INPUT: Finochionna salumi, Tuscan salumi, Sulmitti pepperoni, peaches nectarines, olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Salumi with Peaches and Watercress | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 8 thin slices Finochionna salumi; 12 thin slices Tuscan salumi; 12 thin slices Sulmitti pepperoni; 2 ripe peaches or nectarines; 1/2 cup olive oil, plus more for drizzling; Juice of 1 orange; Juice of 1 lemon; 2 bunches watercress; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh mint; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh basil; Kosher salt and cracked black pepper; 1 ounce pecorino cheese, shaved | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. On a serving platter, arrange the salumi and pepperoni slices in an overlapping pattern. 2. Without peeling the peaches, remove the pits, slice the fruit into thin wedges, and put in a bowl. Add the olive oil, orange and lemon juice, watercress, mint, and basil and toss gently.Season to taste with salt and pepper and toss again. 3. Spoon the salad next to the salumi. Drizzle both the salumi and salad with olive oil, garnish with the cheese, and serve. 1. On a serving platter, arrange the salumi and pepperoni slices in an overlapping pattern. 2. Without peeling the peaches, remove the pits,  <END>
INPUT: cups, peanut butter, salt, powdered sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate Peanut Butter Cups | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup peanut butter; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 1/2 cup powdered sugar; 1 (12-ounce) package Hershey's milk chocolate chips | INSTRUCTIONS: In a small bowl, mix the peanut butter, salt and powdered sugar until firm. Slowly melt the chocolate chips in a double boiler over hot, not boiling, water. You may also melt them in a microwave oven set on high for 2 minutes, stirring halfway through the heating time. Grease the muffin tin cups and spoon some chocolate into each cup, filling halfway. With a spoon, draw the chocolate up the edges of each cup until all sides are coated. Cool in the refrigerator until firm. Spread some of the peanut butter onto the chocolate in each cup, leaving room for the final chocolate layer. Cool the cups  <END>
INPUT: vinaigrette, salad, watercress leaves, arugula leaves, avocados, Assorted clover, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Quick Avocado-Sprout-Vinaigrette Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup watercress leaves; 1/2 cup arugula leaves; 2 ripe avocados, halved, pitted and peeled; Assorted sprouts: clover, alfalfa, radish, etc; 1/4 cup minced onion; 1/2 cup tomatoes, seeded and diced; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh basil; Juice of 1/2 lemon; 2 tablespoons of red wine vinegar; 1/3 cup olive oil; Salt and freshly ground pepper to taste | INSTRUCTIONS: Cover a platter with watercress and arugula. Place the avocado face down on the greens. Slice the avocado crosswise and fan it out across the greens. Thoroughly mix the remaining ingredients and pour over the avocado and greens. Add sprouts before serving. <END>
INPUT: waffles, all purpose flour, baking powder, fine salt, eggs, egg
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate Chip Waffles | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 3/4 cups all-purpose flour; 1 3/4 teaspoons baking powder; 1/8 teaspoon fine salt; 2 large eggs, at room temperature; 1 large egg white, at room temperature; 1 1/2 cups milk, at room temperature; 1/2 teaspoon pure vanilla extract; 1/4 cup unsalted butter, melted, plus more for brushing the iron; 1/4 cup sugar; 1 cup mini-chocolate chips; Serving suggestions: Maple syrup, jam, fresh fruit, or yogurt, or ice cream for dessert | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat a waffle iron to medium-high. Whisk the flour, baking powder, and salt in a large bowl. Separate the 2 eggs and put all the whites in a large bowl. In a large liquid measuring cup or medium bowl, whisk the egg yolks, milk, vanilla, and 1/4 cup melted butter. Whisk the milk mixture into the flour mixture until a batter is formed. Take care not to over mix the batter. Whip the egg whites with a hand-held electric mixer or whisk, until they just begin to hold a loose peak. Scatter the sugar over the whites and continue beating until they hold a soft peak. Fold a third of the egg whites in <END>
INPUT: birthday, heavy cream, pure maple syrup, cream cheese, pure vanilla extract, kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Birthday Pancakes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup heavy cream; 1/2 cup pure maple syrup; 4 ounces cream cheese, cut into chunks; 1 tablespoon pure vanilla extract; Pinch kosher salt; 1 1/2 cups all-purpose flour; 3 tablespoons sugar; 1 tablespoon baking powder; 1/2 teaspoon fine salt; 1 cup milk; 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, plus 2 to 3 tablespoons for cooking the pancakes; 2 large eggs; 1 tablespoon pure vanilla extract; 1/2 cup confetti sprinkles, plus more for sprinkling; Sweetened whipped cream, for serving | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. For the topping: Heat the heavy cream, maple syrup, cream cheese, vanilla and kosher salt in a small saucepan over medium-low heat, whisking frequently to break up and smooth out the cream cheese, until the mixture just begins to bubble, 8 to 10 minutes. Remove the saucepan from the heat, cover and keep warm. For the pancakes: Preheat the oven to 250 degrees F. Whisk the flour, sugar, baking powder and fine salt together in a large bowl. Whisk the milk, butter, eggs and vanilla together in a medium bowl. Add the milk mixture and sprinkles to the flour mixture, an <END>
INPUT: chips, vegetable oil, Yukon Gold other, sour cream, an smoked peppered
OUTPUT: TITLE: Smoked Peppered Mackerel and Sour Cream on Homemade Potato Chips | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons vegetable oil; 2 medium Yukon Gold or other boiling potatoes; 3 tablespoons sour cream; an 8-ounce package smoked peppered mackerel | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 375°F. and generously brush 2 large baking sheets with some oil. With a mandoline or other hand-held slicer cut 1 potato crosswise into 1/8-inch-thick slices. Immediately arrange slices in one layer on 1 baking sheet and brush tops with some oil. Sprinkle slices with salt to taste. Bake slices in middle of oven until golden, 10 to 15 minutes, and with a metal spatula immediately transfer to a rack to cool completely. Make more chips with remaining potato. Potato chips may be made 3 days ahead and kept in an airtight container at room temperature. Top each potato chip with 1/4 t <END>
INPUT: macaroons, confectioners' sugar, unsalted pistachios, cardamom, egg whites, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pistachio Macaroons | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup confectioners' sugar; 1/2 cup unsalted peeled pistachios (preferably Sicilian), chopped; 1/4 teaspoon ground cardamom; 2 large egg whites, at room temperature; Pinch of salt; 2 tablespoons granulated sugar; Seedless raspberry preserves, for filling; 2 to 3 drops green food coloring (optional); Edible glitter, for dusting (optional) | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F and line 2 baking sheets with parchment paper. Fit a pastry bag with a 1/2-inch round tip. Combine the confectioners' sugar and pistachios in a food processor and grind until powdery. Sift through a fine-mesh sieve into a bowl and whisk in the cardamom. Beat the egg whites and salt in a large bowl with a mixer on medium speed until frothy. Add the granulated sugar and beat until soft peaks form, 2 to 3 minutes. Add the food coloring and continue beating until stiff peaks form, about 1 to 2 more minutes. Fold in one-third of the nut mixture with a rubber spatul <END>
INPUT: brown, Italian style breadcrumbs, hazelnuts, Italian parsley, trout, olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Trout with Hazelnuts, Lemon and Parsley Brown Butter | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 cup dry Italian-style breadcrumbs; 1/2 cup plus 3 tablespoons crushed toasted hazelnuts; 8 tablespoons chopped fresh Italian parsley; 4 whole boneless trout; 4 tablespoons olive oil; 1/2 cup (1 stick) butter; 1/4 cup fresh lemon juice; 2 teaspoons grated lemon peel | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350°F. Oil large rimmed baking sheet. Combine breadcrumbs, 1/2cup hazelnuts and 2 tablespoons parsley in medium bowl. Open trout and sprinkle flesh side with salt and pepper. Press hazelnut mixture into flesh side of butterflied fish. Heat 1 tablespoon oil in heavy large nonstick skillet over high heat. Add 1 whole trout, hazelnut side down. Sauté until golden, about 2 minutes. Transfer trout, hazelnut side up, to prepared baking sheet. Repeat with remaining olive oil and trout. Transfer trout to oven and roast until opaque in center, about 5 minutes. Meanwhile, melt butter in  <END>
INPUT: tartare, beets, shallots, wine vinegar, lemon juice, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Smoked-Sable Tartare with Beets and Watercress | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 medium beets (about 1 1/2 pound with greens); 1/4 cup finely chopped shallots; 2 tablespoons white-wine vinegar; 2 1/2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, or to taste; 1/4 teaspoon sugar; 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 1/2 pound sliced smoked sablefish (black cod), chopped (about 1 1/3 cups); 2 bunches watercress, torn into small sprigs (6 cups); Equipment: heavy-duty foil; a 2 1/2-inch pastry ring or cookie cutter without a handle | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 450°F with rack in middle. Trim beets, discarding stems and greens (or reserve for another use), then wrap together in foil and roast until tender, about 1 1/4 hours. Let beets stand in foil at least 15 minutes, then remove from foil and cool. Remove skins and cut beets into 1/3-inch dice. Whisk together shallots, vinegar, lemon juice, sugar, 1/2 teaspoon salt, and 1/4 teaspoon pepper, then whisk in oil. Reserve 2 tablespoon vinaigrette for watercress and toss remainder with beets. Let marinate at room temperature 30 minutes. Preheat oven to 450°F with rack in middle. Trim beet <END>
INPUT: American, freezer, Chocolate Crust, lowfat strawberry ice, Light whipped cream, strawberries
OUTPUT: TITLE: Strawberry-Chocolate Freezer Pie | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 Chocolate Crust; 3 cups lowfat strawberry ice cream or frozen yogurt, softened light whipped cream; Light whipped cream; 1 cup sliced strawberries | INSTRUCTIONS: Spread ice cream evenly over crust. Dip a large spoon in hot water and run it over ice cream to smooth the top. Place pie in freezer until solid, 2 hours or up to 3 days. Before serving, spray a border of whipped cream (about 1 cup) around edge of pie. Mound strawberries in center. Spread ice cream evenly over crust. Dip a large spoon in hot water and run it over ice cream to smooth the top. Place pie in freezer until solid, 2 hours or up to 3 days. Before serving, spray a border of whipped cream (about 1 cup) around edge of pie. Mound strawberries in center. <END>
INPUT: ripple, milk, creamy peanut butter, sugar, vanilla, water
OUTPUT: TITLE: Peanut Butter Chocolate Ripple Ice Cream | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 2/3 cups whole milk; 1 cup creamy peanut butter; 1/2 cup plus 3 tablespoons sugar; 2 teaspoons vanilla; 3 tablespoons water; 1 1/2 ounces fine-quality bittersweet chocolate (not unsweetened), chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: In a saucepan simmer milk, peanut butter, and 1/2 cup sugar over moderate heat, stirring, until smooth, about 1 minute. Stir in vanilla and cool mixture to room temperature. Freeze mixture in an ice-cream maker according to manufacturer's instructions. While ice cream is freezing, in a small saucepan simmer water and remaining 3 tablespoons sugar, stirring, until sugar dissolves. Add chocolate, stirring until smooth, and cool sauce to room temperature. Spread one fourth ice cream in a 2-quart container and top with one third sauce. Layer remaining ice cream and sauce in same manner and with a  <END>
INPUT: cheesy, water, milk, Creole seasoning, salt, quick grits
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cheesy Creole Grits | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 cups water; 1 cup milk; 1 tablespoon Creole seasoning; 1 teaspoon salt; 1 cup quick cooking grits; 2 tablespoons butter; 1 cup shredded Cheddar | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large saucepot combine 3 cups of water, milk, Creole seasoning and salt. Bring to a boil. Whisking, add grits in a slow steady stream. Reduce heat to medium-low and cover, stirring occasionally until thickened, about 5 to 7 minutes. Remove from the heat and stir in butter and cheese. Top with Andouille Sausage Creole, if desired. <END>
INPUT: lamb shoulder stew, Garlic powder, olive oil, onion, carrots
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lamb Stew with Spinach and Garbanzo Beans | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/4 pounds lamb shoulder or stew meat, cut into 1-inch pieces; Garlic powder; 3 tablespoons olive oil; 1 onion, coarsely chopped; 1 cup 1/2-inch pieces peeled carrots; 1 15-ounce can garbanzo beans (chickpeas), drained; 1/2 cup canned chicken broth; 1/2 cup tomato sauce; 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice; 1 10-ounce package ready-to-use spinach leaves; Lemon wedges | INSTRUCTIONS: Sprinkle lamb with salt, pepper, and garlic powder. Heat oil in heavy large pot over medium-high heat. Add lamb and sauté until brown, about 10 minutes. Add onion and carrots and sauté until beginning to brown, about 5 minutes. Add garbanzo beans, broth, tomato sauce, and lemon juice and bring to simmer. Reduce heat to medium-low, cover pot and simmer gently until lamb is tender, about 1 hour. Add spinach to stew. Cover and cook until spinach wilts, stirring often, about 8 minutes. Season stew with salt and pepper. Serve with lemon wedges. Sprinkle lamb with salt, pepper, and garlic powder. He <END>
INPUT: scones, boiling water, tea, currants, all purpose flour, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Currant Tea Scones | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons boiling water; 1 tea bag; 1/2 cup dried currants; 1 cup all-purpose flour; 2 tablespoons plus 1/2 teaspoon sugar; 1 1/2 teaspoons baking powder; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 1/2 stick (1/4 cup) cold unsalted butter; 6 tablespoons half-and-half plus additional for brushing dough | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 400° F and butter a baking sheet. Pour boiling water into a small cup and steep tea bag 2 minutes. Remove and reserve tea bag and stir in currants. Into a bowl sift together flour, 2 tablespoons sugar, baking powder, and salt. Cut butter into 1/2-inch cubes and add to flour mixture, blending with fingertips until most of mixture resembles coarse meal with remainder in small (roughly pea-size) lumps. Squeeze liquid from tea bag into cup and discard bag. With a fork stir 6 tablespoons half-and-half into flour mixture until just combined and a sticky dough is formed. Stir in curra <END>
INPUT: stew, virgin olive oil, hot sweet Italian, garlic, carrots, fennel bulb
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sausage and Bean Stew | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1 pound hot and/or sweet Italian sausage, cut into 1-inch pieces; 6 cloves garlic, chopped; 2 carrots, chopped; 1/2 fennel bulb, cored and chopped; 1/2 onion, chopped; 1 tablespoon fresh thyme; Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper; 1/2 cup panko breadcrumbs; 1 15.5-ounce can navy beans (do not drain); 1 15-ounce can cherry tomatoes | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat 1 tablespoon olive oil in a large ovenproof skillet over medium-high heat; add the sausage and cook, stirring occasionally, until browned, about 5 minutes. Transfer to a plate using a slotted spoon. Reduce the heat to medium low and add the garlic to the skillet. Cook, stirring often, until lightly browned, about 2 minutes. Add the carrots, fennel, onion, 2 tablespoons water, 1/2 tablespoon thyme and 1/2 teaspoon each salt and pepper. Cook, stirring occasionally, until the vegetables soften, 15 minutes. Preheat the broiler. Combine the panko with the remaining 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1/2  <END>
INPUT: cocktail, Heinz ketchup, Heinz chili sauce, horseradish, lemon juice, Worcestershire sauce
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cocktail Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup Heinz ketchup; 1/2 cup Heinz chili sauce; 1 tablespoon prepared horseradish; 1 teaspoon lemon juice; 1/4 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce; 1/4 teaspoon Tabasco sauce; Pinch of ground white pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Put the ketchup, chili sauce, horseradish, lemon juice, Worcestershire, Tabasco, and pepper into a mixing bowl. Whisk well. Cover and chill for at least 1 hour before serving. It will keep for about 1 week in the refrigerator. Put the ketchup, chili sauce, horseradish, lemon juice, Worcestershire, Tabasco, and pepper into a mixing bowl. Whisk well. Cover and chill for at least 1 hour before serving. It will keep for about 1 week in the refrigerator. <END>
INPUT: salad, English cucumbers, onion, salt, wine vinegar sherry, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cucumber Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 English cucumbers (2 pounds); 1 small red onion; 1 1/2 tablespoons salt; 1 tablespoon plus 1 teaspoon white wine vinegar or sherry vinegar; 1 teaspoon sugar; 2 teaspoons dried dill or 2 tablespoons fresh | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Slice the cucumber lengthwise, remove the seeds, and slice thinly. Thinly slice the onion. In a colander, toss the cucumber and onion with the salt and let it sit and drain for 20 minutes. Press the liquid out of the vegetables and rinse well with cold water. In a medium bowl combine the vinegar and sugar and stir well. Add the cucumber mixture and toss to coat. Stir in the dill. <END>
INPUT: slabs baby back, bottles your favorite
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cola Ribs | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 slabs baby-back ribs or spare ribs, cut into cocktail size portions; 3 (1-liter) bottles cola (recommended: Coca-Cola); 2 bottles your favorite barbecue sauce | INSTRUCTIONS: Fill a roasting pan large enough to hold the ribs with 1 1/2 bottles of the cola. Immerse the ribs in the cola and refrigerate overnight. Preheat a grill to medium-high. Remove the ribs and cola from the roasting pan, clean the pan, and fill it up again with the remaining cola. Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Once your grill is nice and hot, lay the ribs on the grill and begin cooking. Every time you turn the ribs over on the grill, put them back in the roasting pan filled with cola and then back onto the grill. Repeat this process before each turn in order to build a layer of sugar on the  <END>
INPUT: Italian, deep, dish, virgin olive oil, refrigerated pizza dough, tomato sauce, garlic, oregano
OUTPUT: TITLE: Deep-Dish Pepperoni Pizza | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 1 pound refrigerated pizza dough, at room temperature; 1 1/2 cups tomato sauce; 1 clove garlic, grated; 1/4 teaspoon dried oregano; Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper; 1/4 onion, thinly sliced; 1 1/2 cups shredded mozzarella cheese (about 6 ounces); 1/2 cup chopped pepperoncini, plus 2 tablespoons brine from the jar; 1/2 cup sliced pepperoni (about 3 ounces); 8 fresh basil leaves, thinly sliced; 1 5-ounce package mixed salad greens (about 6 cups) | INSTRUCTIONS: Put an inverted baking sheet or pizza stone on the bottom oven rack; preheat to 475 degrees F. Brush the bottom and side of a 10-inch deep-dish pizza pan or a 9-inch-round cake pan (preferably dark metal) with 2 tablespoons olive oil. Press the dough into the pan. Combine the tomato sauce, garlic, oregano, 1/2 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of pepper in a bowl. Spread 1 cup of the sauce over the dough; scatter the onion on top. Transfer the pan to the hot baking sheet; bake until the crust puffs up slightly and starts browning, about 10 minutes. Remove the pizza from the oven; top with the che <END>
INPUT: vegetables, baby skinned potatoes, carrots, Japanese eggplant, Pomegranate seeds, scallions
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pomegranate Turkey with Roasted Vegetables | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 12 ounces baby red-skinned potatoes, halved; 3 carrots, halved lengthwise and cut into 1-inch pieces; 1 Japanese eggplant, halved lengthwise and cut into 1/2-inch pieces; Pomegranate seeds, for topping; 1 bunch scallions, cut into 2-inch pieces; 1 clove garlic; 1/3 cup plus 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1/2 cup fresh herbs (such as dill, cilantro and/or tarragon); 1/4 cup chopped walnuts; 2 tablespoons pomegranate vinegar or red wine vinegar; Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper; 1 1 3/4-pound skin-on, boneless turkey breast | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Combine 2 scallion pieces, the garlic, 1/3 cup olive oil, 1/4 cup water, the herbs, walnuts, 1 tablespoon vinegar, 1/2 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of pepper in a blender; puree until smooth. Rub 3 tablespoons of the mixture all over the turkey, loosening the skin and rubbing some underneath. Set the rest aside. Heat the remaining 2 tablespoons olive oil in a large ovenproof nonstick skillet over medium-high heat. Add the turkey, skin-side down, and cook until the skin is golden and slightly crisp, about 3 minutes. Flip the turkey and arrange the potatoes,  <END>
INPUT: Olive oil, Salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Broiled Salmon | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 (8-ounce) salmon fillets; Olive oil; Salt and pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Coat each salmon fillet with the olive oil (just enough to make it shine, not drip) and salt and pepper. Preheat grill to medium-high heat and place the salmon skin side up, (even if the skin has been removed) this is VERY important. Then close the lid and allow to cook about 5 to 7 minutes. Check the grill to make sure there are no flame flare-ups and the salmon is cooking evenly, and let cook another 3 to 4 minutes. You are going to let the fish cook about 90 percent on this side. After about 8 to 9 minutes the salmon should turn over easily and allow to finish another 3 to 4 minutes. Remove <END>
INPUT: dressing, carrot, onion, celery, sage, loose sweet Italian
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Chestnut Sausage Dressing | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 medium carrot, peeled and rough chopped; 1 medium onion, roughly chopped; 2 stalks celery, roughly chopped; 1/2 bunch fresh sage; 1 1/2 pounds loose sweet Italian sausage; Extra-virgin olive oil; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 5 cups cubed sourdough bread, crusts removed; 1 pound roasted chestnuts; 1 cup low-sodium chicken stock; 1/2 cup heavy cream; 1 large egg | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F and butter a 9 by 11-inch baking dish. In a food processor puree the carrot, onion, celery and sage until you have a fine pulp. Set a large skillet over medium-high heat and brown the sausage in a little olive oil. Once you have a nice brown color and the fat has rendered - about 5 minutes, use a slotted spoon to remove the sausage and place in a large mixing bowl. Add the vegetable pulp to the pan and saute until most of the moisture has evaporated. Season with salt and pepper. Add to the mixing bowl with the sausage and also ad <END>
INPUT: portuguese, boiled ham, shallot, garlic, hot pepper flakes, olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Portuguese Steamed Clams | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 ounces boiled ham, chopped fine; 1/4 cup finely chopped shallot; 2 garlic cloves, minced; 1/2 teaspoon dried hot red pepper flakes; 3 tablespoons olive oil; 1/2 cup dry white wine; 1/2 red bell pepper, chopped fine; 18 small hard-shelled clams, scrubbed well; 1 tablespoon plus 2 teaspoons fresh lemon juice, or to taste; 1/3 cup finely chopped fresh coriander leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: In a kettle cook the ham, the shallot, the garlic and the red pepper flakes in the oil over moderately low heat, stirring, for 3 minutes, add the wine, the bell pepper and the clams, and steam the mixture, covered, for 5 minutes, or until the clams begin to open. Transfer the clams as they open with tongs to 2 heated bowls, cover them, and continue to steam the unopened clams, shaking the kettle and transferring the clams as they open, for up to 10 minutes more (discard any unopened clams). Remove the kettle from the heat, stir the lemon juice and the coriander into the broth, and pour the bro <END>
INPUT: Asian, chips, ginger, Salt pepper taste, Olive oil, Cornstarch
OUTPUT: TITLE: Ginger Chips | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 6 ounces ginger, young; Salt and pepper to taste; Olive oil; Cornstarch | INSTRUCTIONS: Peel ginger. Slice against the grain of the root to prevent chips from being stringy. When slicing, slice pieces as thinly as possible. If young ginger is not available, use of common ginger can be substituted. In the case of using common ginger, after slicing, rinse pieces in cold water and let soak for at least 12 hours, occasionally changing water. This will remove sharpness, so that it won't be overpowering. Heat a saute pan with olive oil. Heat to about 300 degrees F. Lightly dust ginger chips in cornstarch and fry in hot oil. Turn chips for even cooking. When golden brown, remove. Store  <END>
INPUT: crostini, figs, country bread, crescenza cheese, prosciutto, Handful arugula leaves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Crostini of Figs, Crescenza and Prosciutto | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 ripe figs, cut in half; 4 slices country bread; 1/4 pound crescenza cheese; 4 thin slices prosciutto; Handful arugula leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: Prepare a medium-hot fire in a grill or preheat a skillet over medium-high heat. Place the fig halves cut side down on the grill or in the skillet and grill for a few minutes, until the cut sides start to carmelize. Meanwhile, grill or toast the bread. Spread each slice of bread with the crescenza. Place 2 fig halves on each slice of bread, lay a slice of proscuitto over the figs, scatter a few arugula leaves on top and serve. <END>
INPUT: consomme, vegetable broth, pineapple juice, water, pineapple
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pineapple Consomme | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 cups vegetable broth; 2 cups fresh pineapple juice; 1 cup water; 1/2 cup diced fresh pineapple | INSTRUCTIONS: Blend the vegetable broth, pineapple juice, and water together in a saucepan and cook over low heat for 5 minutes. Ladle the soup into bowls in which you have placed 2 tablespoons of diced fresh pineapple. Serve immediately. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, bell pepper, Zest orange, rice wine vinegar, honey
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chile Glazed Shrimp | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon (about 5-6) of whole dehydrated red Thai chiles; 1 large red bell pepper, stem and seeds removed; Zest of one large orange; 2 tablespoons rice wine vinegar; 3 tablespoons honey; 1 teaspoon salt; 1/2 teaspoon ground ginger; 1/2 teaspoon ground coriander; 1 pound large shrimp, shelled and deveined; 1 tablespoon of sesame seeds, for garnish; Bamboo skewers, soaked for one hour; Pineapple Ginger Salsa, recipe follows; 1 pineapple, peeled, cored, and diced; 1/2 red onion, finely diced; 1/4 cup cilantro, chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. *Cook s Note: If using dehydrated chiles soak them in warm tap water for 1 hour or till soften (this is usually only take 20 minutes, but I found with the smaller chiles, like the red Thai, that is take about an hour or so to fully rehydrate). Place both the red Thai chiles and the bell peppers in a blender or food processor and pulse until smooth. Transfer chiles to a large mixing bowl and add the sugar, orange zest, rice wine vinegar, honey, salt, ginger and coriander and mix together thoroughly. Skewer shrimp and place in a large casserole dish. Pour the marin <END>
INPUT: citrus, Vegetable oil, eggs, cornstarch, salt, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Crispy Cauliflower Florets with Citrus Salt | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Vegetable oil, for frying; 5 large eggs; 2/3 cup cornstarch; 1 1/2 teaspoons salt; 3/4 teaspoon pepper; 1 large head cauliflower, cut into florets; 1/2 teaspoon red pepper flakes; 2 lemons, zested | INSTRUCTIONS: Fill a large pot half full with vegetable oil. Heat to 350 degrees F. In a large bowl, whisk together eggs, cornstarch, 1/2 teaspoon salt, and pepper. Toss in florets to coat. In a small bowl, mix together remaining salt, red pepper flakes and lemon zest. When oil is ready, remove half the florets from the batter and add to the oil. Cook until golden, about 4 to 5 minutes, turning occasionally. Drain to paper towels. Sprinkle generously with seasoned salt. Repeat with second batch of florets. Serve immediately. <END>
INPUT: gratins, mushrooms, all purpose flour, onions, heavy cream
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mushroom and Onion Gratins | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound mushrooms, sliced thin; 1/2 stick (1/4 cup) unsalted butter; 1/4 cup all-purpose flour; 2 large onions (about 1 3/4 pounds), sliced very thin; 6 tablespoons heavy cream; 1 cup grated Gruyère; 1/4 cup fresh fine bread crumbs | INSTRUCTIONS: In a skillet cook the mushrooms in 2 1/2 tablespoons of the butter over moderately low heat, stirring, until they are softened and most of the liquid they give off has evaporated. Stir in the flour and cook the mixture, stirring, for 3 minutes. In each of six 1 1/2-cup gratin dishes layer the onions, the remaining butter, cut into bits, the mushroom mixture, and salt and pepper to taste, beginning and ending with a layer of onions, and pour 1 tablespoon of the cream over the top of each gratin. In a small bowl combine well the Gruyère and the bread crumbs and sprinkle the mixture over the crea <END>
INPUT: spiked, iced, water, tea bags, sugar, peach nectar, Your favorite whiskey
OUTPUT: TITLE: Whiskey Spiked Peach Iced Tea | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 quart cold water; 6 black tea bags; 2 tablespoons sugar; 2 cups peach nectar; Your favorite whiskey (recommended: Jack Daniels); Fresh peach slices, for garnish; Mint sprigs, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring water to a boil in a small saucepan; remove from the heat, add tea bags, and let steep 5 minutes. Remove tea bags and stir in sugar until dissolved. Transfer to a pitcher, add peach nectar, and stir to combine. Chill in the refrigerator for at least 1 hour. Fill tall glasses with ice and then pour peach tea over, leaving some room at the top for the whiskey. Stir in 1 shot of whiskey to each glass and garnish with a peach slice and fresh mint sprig. <END>
INPUT: chicken legs, flour, salt, pepper, poultry seasoning
OUTPUT: TITLE: Almond Chicken | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 24 chicken legs; 1/2 cup flour; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 1/4 teaspoon pepper; 1/4 teaspoon poultry seasoning; 6 eggs; 2 cups slivered almonds; 1/4 cup (1/2 stick) butter, sliced into pats | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350°F. Rinse off the chicken legs, then pat them dry. Put the flour, salt, pepper, and poultry seasoning into a plastic bag and then put in two legs at a time and shake them up to a coat. Break the eggs into a large, flat bowl or soup plate, add a little water, and beat them together. Dip the floured chicken legs in the egg mixture, and then dredge them in the almonds. Lay the legs out on a greased baking pan and bake for about 25 minutes, or until golden brown and juicy. Dot the chicken with the butter pats halfway through cooking to baste them. Serve immediately or place  <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, minty, salt, quick couscous, olive oil, Leaves from mint
OUTPUT: TITLE: Minty Couscous | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 teaspoon salt; 3 cups/about 450 g quick-cooking couscous; 1 tablespoon olive oil, plus more if desired; Leaves from 2 large bunches fresh mint, chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring 3 1/2 cups/875 ml water to a boil in a large saucepan and salt it. Pour in the couscous and the olive oil, give a quick stir, cover and turn off the heat. Let sit for about 5 minutes. Fluff with a fork to break up any lumps. Check the seasonings, stir in the chopped mint and serve. <END>
INPUT: salad, olive oil, roasted, pears, Dijon mustard, Sherry vinegar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pear, Stilton, and Chicory Salad with Crispy Chestnuts | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 tablespoons olive oil, plus 6 tablespoons; 4 cups whole roasted, shelled, and skinned chestnuts, about 1 pound in shell or 2 (14 ounce) bottles; 4 firm-ripe red pears; 2 teaspoon Dijon mustard; 2 tablespoon Sherry vinegar; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 3 tablespoons finely chopped shallot; 1 head chicory (curly endive), torn (6 cups); 8 ounces Stilton, crumbled | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat 2 tablespoons oil in a 10-inch heavy skillet over moderately high heat until hot but not smoking, then saute 1/2 the chestnuts with salt and pepper, to taste, stirring, until crisp on outside (being careful not to burn or cook until hard), about 4 minutes. Make other batch the same way. Remove from heat. Halve and core pears, then cut lengthwise into thin slices. Whisk together mustard, vinegar, and salt and pepper, to taste, in a large bowl and add remaining 6 tablespoons oil in a slow stream, whisking until emulsified. Whisk in shallot. Add chicory, chestnuts, pears, and Stilton and tos <END>
INPUT: kosher salt, coarse pepper, garlic, duck, lard grapeseed oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Duck with Mango on Belgian Endive | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 teaspoon kosher salt; 1/4 teaspoon coarse black pepper; 1/2 teaspoon finely chopped garlic; 1 duck, butchered into leg and breast; 1 pint lard or grapeseed oil; 9 heads Belgian endive; 1/3 cup olive oil; 3 teaspoons sugar; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 2 ripe mangoes, peeled and sliced away from the seed; 1 pint strawberries, hulled and sliced; 1/2 pint large raspberries, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: The duck has to be prepared the day before because of the long slow cooking time. If you are purchasing a pre-cooked confit of duck, skip the instructions in this paragraph and follow the directions on the package of the product. In any event, you will need to shred the duck for use in this recipe. For your own confit of duck, mix the salt, pepper and garlic together and coat the duck with the seasonings rubbing into the surface of the duck. On the stovetop, heat the oil or lard in a deep roasting pan (if you will be using the oven) or in a large Dutch oven (if you will be cooking on the range <END>
INPUT: Indian, best fryer chicken, coarse kosher salt, cumin, cardamom, cayenne pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Yogurt-Braised Chicken with Cashews and Raisins | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 1 3-pound best-of-fryer chicken (8 pieces); 1 1/2 tablespoons plus 2 teaspoons coarse kosher salt; 4 teaspoons ground cumin, divided; 1 1/2 teaspoons ground cardamom, divided; 1 teaspoon cayenne pepper; 2 1/2 cups raisins (about 12 ounces), divided; 1 1/2 cups hot water; 4 cups plain yogurt; 2 teaspoons freshly ground black pepper; 2 teaspoons ground cinnamon; 5 tablespoons Clarified Butter; 1 cup raw cashews (about 5 ounces); 10 whole cloves; 1/3 to 1/2 cup fresh lemon juice | INSTRUCTIONS: Place chicken, skin side up, on rimmed baking sheet. Mix 1 1/2 tablespoons salt, 3 teaspoons cumin, 1 teaspoon cardamom, and cayenne in small bowl. Sprinkle chicken generously on all sides with spice mix. Let stand 2 hours. Combine 1 cup raisins and 1 1/2 cups hot water in medium bowl. Cover; soak until raisins are soft, at least 30 minutes and up to 1 hour. Drain, reserving soaking liquid. Blend raisins and 3 tablespoons reserved soaking liquid in mini processor, adding more soaking liquid, if needed, to make smooth paste. Place yogurt in medium bowl; whisk 1 minute to lighten. Add black pepp <END>
INPUT: Italian, single, long, virgin olive oil, butter, garlic, shallots, vodka
OUTPUT: TITLE: You Won't Be Single For Long Vodka Cream Pasta | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil, once around the pan in a slow stream; 1 tablespoon butter; 2 cloves garlic, minced; 2 shallots, minced; 1 cup vodka; 1 cup chicken stock; 1 can crushed tomatoes (32 ounces); Coarse salt and pepper; 16 ounces pasta, such as penne rigate; 1/2 cup heavy cream; 20 leaves fresh basil, shredded or torn; Crusty bread, for passing | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat a large skillet over moderate heat. Add oil, butter, garlic, and shallots. Gently saute shallots for 3 to 5 minutes to develop their sweetness. Add vodka to the pan, 3 turns around the pan in a steady stream will equal about 1 cup. Reduce vodka by half, this will take 2 or 3 minutes. Add chicken stock, tomatoes. Bring sauce to a bubble and reduce heat to simmer. Season with salt and pepper. While sauce simmers, cook pasta in salted boiling water until cooked to al dente (with a bite to it). While pasta cooks, prepare your salad or other side dishes. Stir cream into sauce. When sauce retur <END>
INPUT: American, cranberry, apples, Water, cranberries, sugar, raisins
OUTPUT: TITLE: Dried Apple and Cranberry Pie | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups dried apples; Water, to cover apples; 2 cups cranberries; 3/4 cup brown sugar; 1/2 cup raisins; 1 teaspoon cinnamon; 1 tablespoon orange peel; 2 limes, juiced; Piecrust, recipe follows; 2 cups sifted flour or 3 cups rye flour, measured after sifting; 1/2 cup butter; 6 tablespoons cold water | INSTRUCTIONS: Cover dried apples with water. Soak 2 to 3 hours. Drain water, reserving 1 cup. In a saucepan, simmer soaked apples, 1 cup water, and cranberries until cranberries start to burst. Remove from heat; add sugar, raisins, cinnamon, orange peel, and the juice of 2 limes. Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. Prepare piecrust. Pour mixture into pie plate lined with lower crust. Cover with top crust. Bake pie for 1 hour. Measure and set aside 1/2 cup flour and 2 tablespoons butter. Rub the remaining butter into the flour. Stir in cold water with a fork. Roll dough out on well-floured board with a floured ro <END>
INPUT: citrus, sauce, beans, olive oil, orange peel, lemon peel, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Green Beans with Citrus Butter Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound green beans, trimmed; 1 tablespoon olive oil; 1 tablespoon grated orange peel; 2 teaspoons grated lemon peel; 2 garlic cloves, minced; 1/4 cup canned low-salt chicken broth; 2 tablespoons (1/4 stick) butter | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook beans in large pot of boiling salted water until crisp-tender, about 4 minutes. Drain well. Heat oil in heavy large skillet over medium-high heat. Add orange peel, lemon peel, and garlic and stir 1 minute. Add broth and simmer 1 minute. Add butter and beans. Toss until beans are heated through and sauce coats beans, about 2 minutes. Season with salt and pepper and serve. Cook beans in large pot of boiling salted water until crisp-tender, about 4 minutes. Drain well. Heat oil in heavy large skillet over medium-high heat. Add orange peel, lemon peel, and garlic and stir 1 minute. Add broth  <END>
INPUT: Asian, slow, cooked, English short, low sodium chicken, soy sauce, sugar, ginger
OUTPUT: TITLE: Slow Cooked Korean-Style Short Rib Soup | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 12 English-cut short ribs (about 6 pounds); 4 cups low-sodium chicken broth; 1/3 cup soy sauce; 1/4 cup sugar; 3 tablespoons finely grated peeled fresh ginger; 2 tablespoons Korean red chili paste or sambal oelek, plus more for serving; 2 tablespoons dark (toasted) sesame oil; 4 cloves garlic, finely chopped; 1 bunch scallions (white and green parts, separated), thinly sliced; 10 to 12 ounces medium-thick rice noodles (also called rice sticks or jantaboon); 1 carrot, finely grated; 1 small Kirby cucumber, thinly sliced; 1/2 cup cilantro leaves, torn; 2 limes, cut into wedges | INSTRUCTIONS: Remove any silver skin from the surface of the short ribs, and then make 2 cuts across the grain, through the meat down to the bone. (See how-to photo.) Put the ribs in the slow cooker. Whisk together the broth, soy, sugar, ginger, chili paste, sesame oil, garlic, and scallion whites. Pour over the ribs. Cover and cook on HIGH for 6 hours. About 30 minutes before serving, put the rice noodles in a bowl with hot water to cover. Soak until tender and pliable, about 30 minutes. Skim any fat that may collect on top of the beef broth and discard. Divide the noodles among 6 large shallow bowls and l <END>
INPUT: Italian, ravioli, brown, sheep's milk ricotta, Zest Orange, parsley, Parmesan cheese, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Duck Egg Ravioli, Sheep's Milk Ricotta and Almond Brown Butter | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups sheep's milk ricotta; Zest of 1 Orange; 1 cup fresh parsley, minced; 1 tablespoon grated Parmesan cheese; Freshly ground black pepper; 4 duck egg yolks; Egg Yolk Pasta Dough, recipe follows; 5 to 7 leaves sage; 4 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1/2 cup slivered almonds; Juice of 1/2 orange; 1 tablespoon Parmesan cheese; 1 1/2 cups (7 ounces) "00" or all-purpose flour; 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt; 9 large duck egg yolks | INSTRUCTIONS: For the ravioli: Mix together the ricotta, orange zest, parsley, Parmesan cheese, and season well with freshly ground black pepper. Set aside. Lay the pasta dough out in long sheets on your counter. Working quickly, place 4 dollops of ricotta mixture along 1 sheet pasta, spacing them about 5 inches apart. Form the ricotta mixture into small "nests" with sufficient space for a duck egg yolk in each. Carefully transfer the yolks into each ricotta nest. Using a spray bottle filled with water, gently mist the pasta sheet to seal. Lay the second sheet of pasta over the first and use a ring cutter t <END>
INPUT: Indian, home, basmati rice, Madras style curry, Kosher salt, vegetable oil, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Home-Style Shrimp Curry | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup basmati rice, rinsed; 2 teaspoons Madras-style curry powder; Kosher salt; 3 1/2 tablespoons vegetable oil; 1 medium white onion, quartered; 3 cloves garlic; 1 2-inch piece ginger, peeled; 1 14.5-ounce can diced tomatoes; 1 to 2 serrano chile peppers, halved (remove seeds for less heat); 1 pound medium shrimp, peeled and deveined; 1/2 cup whole or low-fat plain yogurt; 1/3 cup chopped fresh cilantro | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine the rice, 1 1/3 cups water, 1 teaspoon curry powder, 1/4 teaspoon salt and 1/2 tablespoon oil in a saucepan. Cover and cook, undisturbed, over medium-low heat, about 15 minutes; keep warm. Meanwhile, chop the onion in a food processor, drain the excess liquid and set the onion aside. Mince the garlic and ginger in the processor and set aside, then puree the tomatoes with 1 cup water. Heat the remaining 3 tablespoons oil in a Dutch oven or deep skillet over medium-high heat. Add the onion and cook until golden, about 12 minutes. Add the garlic-ginger mixture, chiles, 1 teaspoon salt and <END>
INPUT: dirty, vegetable oil, semi pearled farro, thyme, kosher salt more, breakfast sausage
OUTPUT: TITLE: Dirty Farro | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 tablespoons vegetable oil, divided; 2 cups semi-pearled farro; 15 sprigs thyme, tied into a bundle; 2 teaspoons kosher salt plus more; 1/2 pound fresh breakfast sausage, casings removed (if necessary); 1/4 pound chicken livers, trimmed, chopped; 1 1/2 cups finely chopped onions; 1 1/2 cups finely chopped celery; 1 tablespoon minced garlic; 2 teaspoons ground cumin; 1/4 teaspoon cayenne pepper; 2 bay leaves; 2/3 cup thinly sliced scallions (dark-green parts only); 1 cup celery leaves from inner stalks; Ingredient info: Farro is available at specialty foods stores, natural foods stores, and Italian markets | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat 2 tablespoons oil in a large pot over medium heat. Add farro; stir until toasted, about 2 minutes. Add thyme and 5 cups water. Cover and cook for 10 minutes. Uncover, add 2 teaspoons salt, and simmer until farro is tender but still firm to the bite, about 20 minutes. Drain and let cool completely. Remove thyme; discard. Heat 2 tablespoons oil in same pot over medium heat. Add sausage and livers; cook, breaking up sausage into small pieces with a spoon, until sausage is browned and cooked through, about 4 minutes. Add onions, next 5 ingredients, and a pinch of salt. Sauté for 2 minutes. Ad <END>
INPUT: sauce, sour cream, horseradish, Dijon mustard, wine vinegar, kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Horseradish Cream Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup sour cream; 1/4 cup grated fresh horseradish; 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard; 1 teaspoon white wine vinegar; 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt; 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Place all of the ingredients into a medium mixing bowl and whisk until the mixture is smooth and creamy. Place in the refrigerator for at least 4 hours or overnight to allow flavors to meld. Sauce can be stored in the refrigerator in an airtight container for 2 to 3 weeks. <END>
INPUT: applesauce, parfaits, assorted apples, Juice lemon, light sugar, pure cane sugar, cinnamon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Applesauce Parfaits with Yogurt and Crispy Quinoa | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 pounds assorted apples (Macintosh, Granny Smith or Gala), cored, peeled and cut into 1-inch chunks; Juice of 1 lemon; 1/4 cup packed light brown sugar; 2 tablespoons pure cane sugar, plus more as needed; 1 to 3 teaspoons ground cinnamon; Pinch fine sea salt; 1 1/4 cups quinoa; 2 tablespoons coconut oil; 2 tablespoons clover honey; 2 cups Greek yogurt (fat-free or 2-percent); Seeds of 1/2 vanilla bean; 1/4 teaspoon pure vanilla extract; Fresh mint sprigs, optional | INSTRUCTIONS: For the applesauce: Put the apples, lemon juice, brown sugar, sugar, cinnamon and salt in a heavy-bottomed saucepan with a lid. Bring to a boil, then cover, turn to heat to low and simmer, stirring occasionally, until the apples are completely soft, 20 to 30 minutes. Taste, and add more sugar if desired. Off the heat, mash the apples well with a potato masher or a fork. Allow to cool before serving in the parfaits. For the crispy quinoa: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with parchment. Toss the quinoa, coconut oil and honey in a bowl and spread in an even layer on the pre <END>
INPUT: French, roll, steamed lobsters, butter, shallots, tarragon, split top potato
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lobster Roll | CUISINE: French | INGREDIENTS: 4 steamed lobsters, meat removed (leave the meat whole); 1/4 cup plus 2 tablespoons melted butter; 2 teaspoons chopped shallots; 2 teaspoons chopped fresh tarragon; 4 split-top potato buns or brioche hot dog buns, edges squared off; 8 Bibb lettuce leaves; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1 tablespoon red wine vinegar; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1/2 cup Spicy Mayonnaise, recipe follows; 1 tablespoon finely minced chives; 8 lemon wedges; 2 cups mayonnaise, such as Hellmann's; 1/4 cup Dijon mustard; 2 teaspoons mustard powder, such as Colman's | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Toss the lobster meat with 2 tablespoons melted butter, the shallots and tarragon in a medium bowl. Brush the cut sides of the buns with the remaining 1/4 cup melted butter. Grill the buns, cut-side down, until golden brown, about 3 minutes. Dress the lettuce leaves with the olive oil, red wine vinegar, salt and pepper. Place the dressed lettuce leaves in the toasted buns and add the lobster meat. Drizzle with the Spicy Mayonnaise and garnish with the chives. Serve with lemon wedges. Combine the mayo, Dijon mustard, mustard powder, lemon juice, seafood seasoning  <END>
INPUT: spice, crusted, olive oil, shallots, garlic, cayenne pepper, low salt chicken
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spice-Crusted Strip Steaks with Tamarind Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 5 tablespoons olive oil, divided; 1 1/2 cups diced shallots; 3 garlic cloves, minced; 1/4 teaspoon cayenne pepper; 1/2 cup low-salt chicken broth; 1/4 cup tamarind concentrate; 2 teaspoons minced peeled fresh ginger; 1 tablespoon honey; 2 teaspoons Worcestershire sauce; 1 cup thinly sliced celery stalks; 1 cup (loosely packed) celery leaves; 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 1 1/2 tablespoons cracked black peppercorns; 1 tablespoon cumin seeds; 1 tablespoon celery seeds | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat 1 tablespoon oil in heavy small saucepan over medium-high heat. Add shallots; cook until pale golden, stirring constantly, about 5 minutes. Add garlic and cayenne and stir 1 minute. Add broth, tamarind concentrate, and ginger. Bring to boil. Reduce heat and simmer 10 minutes. Stir in honey and Worcestershire sauce. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Remove from heat; cover to keep warm. DO AHEAD: Can be made 1 day ahead. Cover and chill. Rewarm sauce before using. Combine sliced celery, celery leaves, lemon juice, and 2 tablespoons oil in small bowl. Season to taste with salt and peppe <END>
INPUT: Italian, pasta, tomatoes, coarse salt, pepper, fettuccine, shrimp
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pasta with Tequila, Avocado and Shrimp | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 8 large tomatoes, cored and seeded; 2 teaspoons coarse salt; 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 1 pound fettuccine; 1 pound medium shrimp, peeled and deveined; 1 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes; 8 tablespoons (1 stick) unsalted butter, cold; 1/2 cup tequila; 1 avocado, seed removed, peeled and diced; 1 bunch cilantro, chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: Puree tomatoes in a blender until smooth, adding a tablespoon or 2 of water if dry. Reserve. Fill a large stockpot with water and bring to a rolling boil. Add salt and pasta and cook until al dente, about 8 minutes. Drain in a colander. Melt 4 tablespoons of butter in a large skillet over high heat. Saute shrimp with salt, pepper and red pepper flakes until pinkorange, about 1 minute per side. Add tequila and flambe. With a slotted spoon, transfer shrimp to a platter, leaving butter in pan. Add reserved tomato puree, bring to a boil and cook until reduced by about one third. Adjust seasonings  <END>
INPUT: unsalted butter, walnuts, maple syrup, cinnamon, vanilla extract
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cinnamon-Walnut Butter | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 stick unsalted butter, softened; 2 tablespoons toasted walnuts, finely chopped; 2 tablespoons maple syrup; 1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract; Pinch of salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine the butter, walnuts, maple syrup, cinnamon, vanilla, and salt in a bowl and mix until well blended. Serve with pancakes. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, onions, garlic, water, vegetable oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken Key Lime Curry | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2 large onions, sliced (4 cups), divided; 1 (1-inch) piece peeled ginger, chopped; 4 garlic cloves; 2 1/2 cups water, divided; 2 tablespoons vegetable oil; 1 chicken (about 3 1/2 pounds), cut into serving pieces; 2 tablespoons curry powder (preferably Madras); 2 tablespoons tomato paste; 1 tablespoon sugar; 1 Key lime, thinly sliced; 2 tablespoons fresh Key lime juice; Accompaniment: steamed rice | INSTRUCTIONS: Blend 1 cup onions with ginger, garlic, and 1/2 cup water in a blender. Heat oil in a 12- to 14-inch heavy skillet over medium-high heat until it shimmers. Pat chicken dry and season with 1 teaspoon salt and 1/2 teaspoon pepper. Brown, skin side down, about 6 minutes (don't turn over), then transfer to a plate. Add remaining onions to skillet and cook, stirring occasionally, until softened and browned, 8 to 10 minutes. Transfer with a slotted spoon to plate with chicken. Reduce heat to medium and add onion-ginger paste to skillet. Cook, stirring, 1 minute. Add curry powder and cook, stirring,  <END>
INPUT: crabby, heavy cream, lemon juice, parsley leaves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Crabby Bisque | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 (10.5-ounce) cans restaurant-style condensed crab bisque (recommended: Bookbinder's); 2 1/4 cups plus 6 tablespoons heavy cream; 3 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 3 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley leaves; 3 (4.25 ounce) cans crabmeat, picked over; Salt; Cayenne pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: In a medium saucepan, combine bisque, 2 1/4 cups heavy cream, lemon juice, parsley, and crabmeat with juices and bring to a simmer over medium heat for 5 to 10 minutes. Season soup, to taste, with salt and cayenne pepper. Divide soup among 6 bowls. Add 1 tablespoon of cream to each bowl and swirl with butter knife to create a pretty design. Serve immediately.; <END>
INPUT: salad, baby new potatoes, peas, onion, dill, chives
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lemon-Dill Potato Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 pounds medium baby new potatoes, unpeeled, quartered; 1 cup frozen green peas; 3/4 cup finely chopped red onion; 2 tablespoons freshly chopped fresh dill; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh chives; 1 cup mayonnaise; 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; Coarse salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Place your baby new potatoes in a large saucepan filled with cold salted water and cook on medium heat until tender for about 20 minutes. While the potatoes are cooking, Place a colander over the boiling water and blanch the green peas for about 45 seconds. Drain potatoes, transfer to large bowl and set aside to cool for a bit. Once potatoes are cooled slightly add the red onion, dill, chives, mayonnaise and peas. Drizzle with lemon juice and toss gently to coat. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. <END>
INPUT: American, hearts, dressing, cider vinegar, Dijon mustard, olive oil, Maytag Danish cheese, capers
OUTPUT: TITLE: Hearts of Romaine with Blue Cheese and Caper Dressing | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons cider vinegar; 2 1/4 teaspoons Dijon mustard; 1/2 cup olive oil; 4 ounces Maytag or Danish blue cheese, crumbled; 3 tablespoons drained capers; 1 small head romaine lettuce, trimmed, quartered lengthwise | INSTRUCTIONS: Mix vinegar and mustard in bowl. Gradually mix in oil. Add cheese and capers. Season with salt and pepper. Place 1/4 head romaine on each plate. Spoon dressing over and serve. Mix vinegar and mustard in bowl. Gradually mix in oil. Add cheese and capers. Season with salt and pepper. Place 1/4 head romaine on each plate. Spoon dressing over and serve. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, soup, reduced sodium chicken, andouille sausage, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Black Bean Soup with Crab and Andouille Sausage | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2 (15-ounce) cans black beans, drained; 4 cups reduced-sodium chicken broth; 1 (15-ounce) can diced tomatoes; 1/2 pound diced andouille sausage; 1/2 cup diced onion; 1/2 cup diced celery; 1/2 cup diced carrots; 1 teaspoon ground cumin; 2 bay leaves; Salt and ground black pepper; 2 cups lump crabmeat, picked for shells and cartilage; 1/4 cup chopped fresh cilantro leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: In a slow cooker, combine beans, broth, tomatoes, sausage, onion, celery, carrots, cumin, bay leaves, and 1/2 teaspoon each salt and black pepper. Mix well. Cover and cook on LOW for 6 to 8 hours or on HIGH for 3 to 4 hours. Season, to taste, with salt and black pepper. Ladle into bowls and garnish with crab and cilantro. <END>
INPUT: saltimbocca, Juice lemon, herbs de Provence, Salt pepper, sage leaves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken Saltimbocca | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Juice of 1 lemon; 1/2 teaspoon herbs de Provence; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 6 boneless, skinless chicken breasts, pounded thin; 6 fresh sage leaves; 6 thin slices prosciutto; Extra-virgin olive oil; 2 cups all-purpose flour | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 200 degrees F. In a large baking dish, whisk the lemon juice with the herbs de Provence, 1 teaspoon salt and 1/2 teaspoon black pepper. Add the chicken and toss to coat. Marinate the chicken for a few minutes. Remove the chicken from the marinade and place 1 sage leaf on each piece, and then wrap each in 1 slice prosciutto. Sprinkle with salt and pepper. Heat a large skillet over medium-high heat and add a few tablespoons olive oil. Dredge 2 chicken breasts in the flour, and then add to the hot oil. Cook until the chicken is cooked through, about 3 minutes on each side. Tra <END>
INPUT: American, cheeseburgers, onion, sharp Cheddar cheese, mild Cheddar cheese, good quality mayonnaise, pimientos
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pimiento Cheeseburgers | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 small white onion, grated; 8 ounces sharp Cheddar cheese, grated; 4 ounces mild Cheddar cheese, grated; 1/2 cup good-quality mayonnaise (I prefer Duke's or JFG®); One 2-ounce jar diced pimientos, drained; Freshly ground black pepper; 2 pounds 80% lean ground chuck, or 1 1/2 pounds 80% lean ground chuck plus 8 ounces 90% lean ground sirloin; Kosher salt; 6 hamburger buns, preferably onion flavored; Pickled jalapeño chile slices | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. In a medium bowl, mix together the onion, both cheeses, mayonnaise, and pimientos. If you need additional mayonnaise to make it creamy, add a little bit at a time. Grind copious amounts of black pepper and stir that into the cheese mixture. 2. Divide the ground beef into 6 equal portions and shape into patties about 3/4 inch thick. Remember to put a slight indentation into the center of each patty. Season both sides of the burgers liberally with salt and pepper. 3. Oil the grill racks. Preheat your grill using all burners set on high and with the lid closed for 10 to 12 minutes. 4. Place th <END>
INPUT: saucy, olive oil, celery, onion, bell pepper, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Saucy Snapper with Bay Shrimp | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 tablespoons olive oil; 2 celery stalks, chopped; 1 medium onion, chopped; 1/2 large green bell pepper, chopped; 2 garlic cloves, chopped; 1 teaspoon fennel seeds; 1/4 teaspoon dried crushed red pepper; 1 14 1/2-ounce can Italian-style stewed tomatoes; 1/4 cup dry white wine; 2 tablespoons tomato paste; 4 6-ounce red snapper fillets; All purpose flour; 1/4 pound cooked bay shrimp | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat 2 tablespoons oil in heavy large saucepan over medium heat. Add celery, onion, green pepper, garlic, fennel seeds and crushed red pepper and sauté until vegetables are soft but not brown, about 9 minutes. Mix in tomatoes with their juices, wine and tomato paste; simmer until sauce thickens, breaking up tomatoes with back of spoon, about 10 minutes. (Can be made 1 day ahead. Cover; Chill. Bring to simmer before continuing.) Season fish with salt and pepper. Coat with flour. Heat remaining 2 tablespoons oil in heavy large nonstick skillet over medium-high heat. Add snapper to skillet; sauté <END>
INPUT: American, southwestern, Vegetable oil, sirloin, bell pepper, egg, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Southwestern Burger | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: Vegetable oil cooking spray; 1 pound ground sirloin (or lean ground beef); 1/2 red bell pepper, cored, seeded and finely grated; 1 egg white; 1 teaspoon salt; 1/2 tsp hot sauce; 1/2 cup fresh corn kernels; 1 cup diced tomato; 2 tablespoon chopped fresh cilantro; 1 tablespoon fresh lime juice; 4 whole-wheat burger buns | INSTRUCTIONS: Coat grill with cooking spray; heat on high. Mix sirloin, pepper, egg white, 1/2 teaspoon of the salt and hot sauce in a bowl. Form into four 4-inch patties. Set aside. Cook corn with 1 tablespoon water in microwave 30 seconds; mix with tomato, cilantro, juice and remaining 1/2 teaspoon salt in another bowl. Grill burgers 12 minutes, turning halfway through, until no longer pink in the center. Place on buns and top with salsa. Serve with Grilled Tricolor Peppers . Coat grill with cooking spray; heat on high. Mix sirloin, pepper, egg white, 1/2 teaspoon of the salt and hot sauce in a bowl. Form <END>
INPUT: American, tomahawk steak, Kosher salt pepper, Olive oil, garlic, baby spinach
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tomahawk Steak and Sauteed Spinach | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 tomahawk steak; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; Olive oil, for sauteing; 1/2 tablespoon minced garlic; 2 cups baby spinach | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat the broiler to high heat. Sprinkle the steak with salt and pepper, and then place under the broiler until desired doneness is reached, about 8 minutes per side. Meanwhile, heat some olive oil in a saute pan until hot. Saute the garlic, and then add the spinach, saute until just wilted, and season with salt and pepper. Serve alongside the steak. <END>
INPUT: Brussels sprouts, garlic, thyme, low sodium chicken
OUTPUT: TITLE: Bacon-Braised Brussels Sprouts | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 pounds Brussels sprouts, washed,and cut in half; 4 ounces (about 1/2 cup) bacon, cut into small squares; 1 clove garlic, peeled and smashed, plus 2 cloves, roughly chopped; 4 sprigs thyme, plus 2 sprigs thyme, leaves only, chopped; 2 cups low-sodium chicken stock; Kosher salt; Freshly ground black pepper; 3 tablespoons balsamic vinegar; 1/2 cup grated Parmigiano-Reggiano; 1 cup panko bread crumbs; 2 sprigs rosemary, leaves only, chopped; Extra-virgin olive oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Take a large pan and set over medium-high heat. Add bacon and cook until fat renders 2 to 3 minutes. Add the smashed garlic clove, thyme sprigs and Brussels sprouts and cook gently until slightly caramelized. Add stock and reduce heat to a simmer. Season with salt and a little pepper, cover and simmer for 12 to 15 minutes until tender. Remove lid and add a splash of vinegar and reduce until syrupy, 2 to 3 minutes. After Brussels sprouts are done cooking, put them in oven safe dish. In sheet tray and toss bread crumbs with rosemary, thyme leaves and chopped garlic <END>
INPUT: swirl, brownies, unsalted butter, chunky peanut butter, firmly light sugar, eggs, cream cheese
OUTPUT: TITLE: Peanut Butter Swirl Brownies | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 1/2 sticks unsalted butter, softened; 1 cup chunky peanut butter; 1/2 cup firmly packed light brown sugar; 3 large eggs; 8 ounces cream cheese, softened; 4 ounces unsweetened chocolate, chopped; 2 cups granulated sugar; 1 teaspoon vanilla; 7/8 cup all-purpose flour | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350 degrees. In a bowl cream together 1/2 stick of the butter, the peanut butter, and the brown sugar and beat in 1 of the eggs and the cream cheese, a little at a time, beating until the mixture is smooth. In a small saucepan melt 1 stick of the remaining butter with the chocolate over low heat, stirring until the mixture is smooth, and let the chocolate mixture cool. In another bowl cream together the remaining 1 stick of butter and the granulated sugar, beating until the mixture is light and fluffy, and beat in the remaining 2 eggs, 1 at a time, beating well after each addit <END>
INPUT: French, crostini, truffle, regular sourdough baguette, olive oil brushing, unsalted butter, portobello mushrooms, shiitake mushrooms
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mushroom and Camembert Crostini on Butter Lettuce with Truffle Vinaigrette | CUISINE: French | INGREDIENTS: 1 regular sourdough baguette, about 3 inches in diameter, cut into 32 1/4-inch-thick slices; 2 to 3 tablespoons olive oil for brushing the bread; 1 tablespoon unsalted butter; 3 portobello mushrooms (about 3/4 pound total), stems removed, caps sliced 1/4 inch thick, then cut crosswise into quarters; 1/2 pound shiitake mushrooms, stems removed, caps sliced 1/4 inch thick, then cut crosswise into thirds; Salt and freshly ground pepper; 3 ounces Camembert cheese, such as Old Chatham's Hudson Valley Camembert, at room temperature (or use brie or another soft-ripened cheese); 3 heads butter lettuce, washed and torn into large pieces; 4 hard-boiled eggs, finely grated or pressed through a sieve; 2 tablespoons chopped flat-leaf parsley, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: To make the dressing: In a small bowl, whisk together the vinegar, mustard, truffle paste, olive oil, and salt and pepper to taste. Set aside. To make the crostini: Preheat the broiler. Brush the cut sides of the baguette slices with olive oil, and place under the broiler just until the bread is toasted on both sides. Set aside. In a medium saucepan, heat 1 tablespoon of the olive oil and the butter over medium heat. Add the mushrooms and saute until they are tender and the juices, if any, have cooked away. (Wild mushrooms release almost no juices.) If the mushrooms seem dry, add a few drops o <END>
INPUT: Mexican, peanut oil, venison shoulder, pepper, onion, celery
OUTPUT: TITLE: Venison Chili | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup peanut oil, plus 1/2 cup; 3 pounds venison shoulder, cut into 3/4-inch cubes; 1 green pepper, diced; 2 cups diced red onion; 3 celery stalks, diced; 3 jalapenos, diced; 4 cloves garlic, minced; 1/4 cup chili powder; 2 tablespoons dried Mexican oregano; 2 tablespoons ground coriander; 2 tablespoons ground cumin; 2 tablespoons ground cayenne; 2 tablespoons ground chipotle; 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 2 cups veal stock | INSTRUCTIONS: Add 1/2 cup of oil in a large saucepan and heat. Add the venison and brown, in batches, and set aside. Add pepper, onion, celery, jalapeno, and garlic and saute over a low heat until they are tender. Add the remaining oil, all of the dry spices and the venison and stir, completely incorporating the ingredients. Add the stock, beer, beans, tomatoes, and chipotle puree. Cover and simmer for 2 to 3 hours or until venison is fork tender. Check for seasoning and serve. Serve with grated manchego and pickled jalapeno. <END>
INPUT: pickles, very radishes, daikon radishes, skinned cucumbers few, seedless watermelon, fine sea salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Salt & Sugar Pickles | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 very large radishes; 2 thin daikon radishes; 2 thin-skinned cucumbers with few seeds; 2 pounds seedless watermelon; 1 teaspoon fine sea salt; 1 teaspoon sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: Prepare the vegetables and fruit and arrange in separate bowls; there should be about 1 1/2 cups of each kind. Halve the radishes and slice into thin wedges. Cut the daikon radishes crosswise into slices about 1/8 inch thick. Cut the cucumbers crosswise into slices about 1/4 inch thick. Remove the rind of the watermelon and cut the flesh into slices 1/3 inch thick and then into 2-inch wedges. In a small bowl, combine the salt and sugar, and sprinkle 1/2 teaspoon of the mixture over each vegetable and the watermelon and toss. Let the pickles stand for 5 to 10 minutes, arrange separately on a pl <END>
INPUT: yassa, lemon juice, onions, Salt pepper taste, habanero chile taste, peanut oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken Yassa | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup freshly squeezed lemon juice; 4 large onions, thinly sliced; Salt and freshly ground black pepper to taste; 1/8 teaspoon minced fresh habanero chile or to taste; 5 tablespoons peanut oil; 1 frying chicken (2 1/2 to 3 1/2 pounds), cut into serving pieces; 1 habanero chile, pricked with a fork; 1/2 cup pimento-stuffed olives; 4 carrots, scraped and thinly sliced; 1 tablespoon Dijon-style mustard; 1/2 cup water | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large nonreactive bowl, prepare a marinade by mixing the lemon juice, onions, salt, pepper, minced chile and 4 tablespoons of the peanut oil in a large bowl. Place the chicken pieces in the marinade, making sure that they are all well covered. Cover the bowl with plastic wrap and allow the chicken to marinate for at least 3 hours in the refrigerator. Preheat the broiler. Remove the chicken pieces, reserving the marinade and onions and place the chicken in a shallow pan. Broil the chicken until it is lightly browned on both sides. Remove the onions from the marinade. Heat the remaining tab <END>
INPUT: American, turkey breast, Olive oil, Salt pepper, bacon, soft goat cheese
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Turkey Breast with Bacon, Green Tomato with Goat Cheese-Sage Mayonnaise | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 turkey breast, bone in, about 4 pounds; Olive oil; Salt and coarsely ground black pepper; 12 slices bacon, cut 1/2-inch thick; 4 ounces soft goat cheese; 4 ounces prepared mayonnaise; 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh sage leaves; 12 (1-inch) thick slices country white bread, grilled; 2 green tomatoes, cut into 1/4-inch thick slices; Watercress | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat grill to high. Brush entire breast with oil and season well with salt and coarsely ground black pepper. Place the breast on the grill, skin-side down, and grill until golden brown and a crust has formed, about 4 to 5 minutes. Reduce the heat of the grill to medium, turn the breast over, close the cover of the grill and continue cooking until a meat thermometer inserted into the thickest part of the breast registers 165 degrees F, about 25 to 30 minutes. Remove the breast from the grill and let rest, loosely tented with foil, for 10 minutes. Slice the brea <END>
INPUT: gratin, butter, shallots, Shiitake mushrooms, Salt pepper, purple potatoes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Purple Potato, Mushroom and Fontina Gratin | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons butter; 1/2 cup shallots, thinly sliced; 4 ounces fresh Shiitake mushrooms, stemmed, caps sliced; Salt and freshly ground pepper; 2 pounds purple potatoes, peeled, thinly sliced; 1 teaspoon coarse salt; 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 1/8 teaspoon ground nutmeg; 1 cup whipping cream; 1/2 cup chicken stock or vegetable stock; 1 cup grated Fontina cheese | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. Melt butter in heavy large skillet over medium heat. Add shallots and mushrooms and saute until tender, about 5 minutes. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Arrange half of mushroom mixture in bottom of 13x9 inch glass baking dish. Arrange half of potatoes over. Combine salt, pepper and nutmeg in small bowl. Sprinkle half of mixture over potatoes. Spoon remaining mushroom mixture over. Arrange potatoes over mushroom mixture. Sprinkle remaining salt mixture over. Combine cream and stock in large bowl. Pour over vegetables. Cover tightly with foil. Bake until veg <END>
INPUT: vegetable, polenta, Parmesan, Coarse salt pepper, unsalted butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sauteed Mushrooms with Polenta | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Nonstick vegetable spray; 1/2 cup instant polenta; 1/4 cup grated Parmesan, plus curls for garnish; Coarse salt and freshly ground pepper; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 4 to 5 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1 pound shiitake mushrooms, stemmed, cut crosswise into 1/2-inch pieces; 1 pound button or cremini mushrooms, trimmed and quartered; 1/4 cup finely chopped flat-leaf parsley; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh thyme leaves; 1/2 cup Madeira | INSTRUCTIONS: Spray a miniature loaf pan (5 3/4 by 3 1/4 by 2-inches) with nonstick vegetable spray. In a medium saucepan bring 2 cups salted water to a boil. Whisking constantly, add polenta in a slow steady stream. Reduce heat to medium and continue to cook, whisking constantly for 3 minutes. Stir in grated Parmesan, salt, pepper and butter. Pour polenta into prepared pan. Transfer to refrigerator until completely cool, about 2 hours. You can also serve the mushrooms over soft polenta, if desired. In a large skillet, heat 2 tablespoons oil over high heat. Add mushrooms and cook, stirring occasionally, unt <END>
INPUT: French, quiche, homemade pie dough, jarred roasted peppers, scallions, crumbled sausage, cheddar cheese
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Pepper, Scallion and Sausage Quiche | CUISINE: French | INGREDIENTS: Store-bought or homemade pie dough, such as Butter Pie Crust, recipe follows; 1/4 to 1/2 cup roughly chopped jarred roasted peppers; 1/4 to 1/2 cup chopped scallions; 1/2 cup cooked and crumbled sausage; 3/4 to 1 cup shredded cheddar cheese; 3 large eggs; 1 1/4 cups heavy cream, half-and-half or milk; Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper; 1 to 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley; 1/2 teaspoon paprika or chile powder, or some grated lemon zest (optional); 1 3/4 cups all-purpose flour, plus more for dusting; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 2 tablespoons sugar; 12 tablespoons (1 1/2 sticks) unsalted butter, diced and chilled; 4 teaspoons apple cider vinegar or white vinegar | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Line a 9-inch pie plate with pie dough and crimp as desired; chill 30 minutes. Line with foil, then fill with pie weights or dried beans. Bake until the crust is set, about 20 minutes. Remove the foil and weights and continue baking until lightly golden, 5 to 10 more minutes. Let cool while you prepare the filling. Make the filling: Put the roasted peppers and scallions in a large bowl. Add the sausage and cheddar and toss to combine. Whisk the eggs, heavy cream, 1/2 teaspoon salt and 1/4 teaspoon pepper in a large bowl. Stir in the parsley. Add the paprika,  <END>
INPUT: American, blueberry, cupcakes, all purpose flour, baking soda, salt, butter, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lemon Blueberry Cupcakes with Lemon Cream Cheese Frosting | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 3 1/2 cups all-purpose flour; 1 teaspoon baking soda; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 2 sticks butter; 2 cups sugar; 3 eggs; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; Zest of 1 lemon; 2 cups sour cream; 1 1/2 cups fresh blueberries; 2 sticks butter; 8 ounces cream cheese; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; Juice and zest of 1 lemon; 10 to 12 cups powdered sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: For the cupcakes: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees. Line cupcake tins with 24 paper liners. Mix the flour, soda and salt together in a bowl. Set aside. Add the butter and sugar to a mixing bowl and cream until light and fluffy. Add the eggs 1 at a time and mix thoroughly. Add the vanilla and lemon zest and mix to combine. Add the dry mixture in 3 parts alternating with the sour cream, ending with dry mixture. Stir in the blueberries. Fill the prepared tins two-thirds full and bake 16 to 20 minutes. Cool. For the frosting: Cream the butter and cream cheese until smooth. Add the vanilla, lemon ze <END>
INPUT: garlic, strong beef stock, tomato sauce, sweet paprika, cabbage
OUTPUT: TITLE: Stuffed Cabbage | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 garlic cloves minced; 2 cups strong beef stock; 1 cup tomato sauce; 1 tablespoons sweet paprika; 2 large heads cabbage (outer leaves for rolling, inside leaves for stuffing); 1 1/2 pounds ground beef; 1 1/2 cups barley, cooked in beef stock according to package instructions; 1 large onion, minced; 4 garlic cloves, minced; 1 teaspoon ground cumin; 1 teaspoon sweet paprika; 1 large egg; 2 tablespoons olive oil, plus 1 tablespoon canola oil; 1 large onion, coarsely chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: If the leaves don't peel off, blanch the whole head in boiling water until each layer strips off. You need 16 big leaves. Return the leaves to the pot and cook for 2 minutes until pliable. Drain and cut out the thick, tough part of the stem. Mix the stuffing ingredients together and form a 1/4 cup of it into an oval. Place it in the center of a leaf. From the stem end, roll it up once. Tuck in the sides and roll up the rest of the way. Preheat oven to 325 degrees F. In the oil, saute the onions to golden, then saute the garlic for one more minute. Add the tomato sauce and beef stock. Whisk in  <END>
INPUT: American, garbage, bread, All purpose flour, pizza dough, sharp Cheddar, leftover pulled pork, Barbecue Sauce
OUTPUT: TITLE: Barbecue Pulled Pork Garbage Bread | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: All-purpose flour, for dusting; 1 1/2 pounds store-bought pizza dough (see Cook's Note); 4 cups grated sharp Cheddar; 3 cups packed leftover pulled pork (about 1 3/4 pounds); 2 cups Barbecue Sauce, recipe follows, or store-bought; 1 large egg, beaten, for egg wash; Dill pickles and coleslaw, for serving; 1 1/3 cups ketchup; 2/3 cup packed light brown sugar; 1/2 cup whiskey or bourbon; 2 tablespoons chili powder; 2 tablespoons dry mustard powder; 2 tablespoons onion powder; 2 tablespoons distilled white vinegar; 2 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with parchment. Roll the dough into a 20-by-14-inch rectangle on a lightly floured work surface. Working from the shorter end of the dough, scatter the Cheddar evenly over half of the dough, leaving a 1-inch border on the sides. Arrange the pulled pork evenly over the Cheddar, then spoon 1 cup barbecue sauce over the pork. Working from the short side with the filling, tightly roll the dough up, jelly roll-style into a log. Pinch the open seams together to seal shut, then tuck them underneath the log. Transfer the log to the prepared baking <END>
INPUT: chile, olive oil, garlic, parsley, pepper flakes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Head-On Prawns with Chile, Garlic, and Parsley | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 tablespoons olive oil, divided, plus more for grill; 2 garlic cloves, finely chopped; 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh parsley; 1/2 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes; 12 head-on, tail-on prawns or jumbo shrimp (1 1/2–2 pounds); Kosher salt, freshly ground pepper; Flaky sea salt; Lemon wedges (for serving) | INSTRUCTIONS: Prepare grill for medium-high heat; oil grate. Combine garlic, parsley, red pepper flakes, and 4 tablespoons oil in a medium bowl. Working one at a time, use kitchen shears to cut along the length of the back of each prawn just deep enough into flesh to expose vein; remove. Toss prawns with remaining 2 tablespoons oil in another medium bowl; season with kosher salt and pepper. Grill prawns, turning occasionally, until shells are bright red and meat is cooked through (it will look slightly opaque), about 5 minutes. Transfer to bowl with garlic-parsley mixture and toss to coat; season with koshe <END>
INPUT: crudi, zucchini, asparagus, virgin olive oil, lemon juice, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Asparagus and Zucchini Crudi | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 zucchini, trimmed; 1 bunch asparagus, trimmed; 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 2 tablespoons lemon juice; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 1 ounce shaved Pecorino Romano, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Using a vegetable peeler, shave the zucchini into long thin strips. Thinly slice the asparagus on a diagonal. Toss the slices together and place the salad in a serving bowl. In a small bowl, combine the olive oil, lemon juice, salt, and pepper. Stir to combine and drizzle over the vegetables. Toss to coat. Garnish with the pecorino shavings. Serve. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, salsa, virgin olive oil, slicing tomatoes, garlic, jalapeno, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lime Tortilla Chips and Roasted Salsa | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 4 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 4 slicing tomatoes, quartered (about 3 pounds); 2 cloves garlic; 1 jalapeno; 1 white onion, quartered; Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper; 1/4 cup packed fresh cilantro leaves; 3 tablespoons white distilled vinegar; 1/2 teaspoon sugar; Juice of 2 limes; One 12-ounce bag corn tortilla chips; Zest of 2 limes; Juice of 1 lime | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. For the roasted salsa: Position a rack on the top of the oven and preheat to 400 degrees F. In a large bowl, combine 3 tablespoons of the olive oil, the tomatoes, garlic, jalapeno, onions and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Place the vegetables on a baking sheet and roast until soft, 20 to 25 minutes. Add the roasted vegetables to a food processor with the remaining 1 tablespoon olive oil, the cilantro, vinegar, sugar and lime juice. Pulse until chunky. Sprinkle with salt and pepper. Meanwhile, for the lime tortilla chips: Place the chips on a parchment-lined baki <END>
INPUT: American, roaster chicken, Salt, Pepper, Garlic powder
OUTPUT: TITLE: Beer Can Chicken with Beer and Molasses Bbq Sauce | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 can, good quality, beer; 1 to 2 pounds roaster chicken; Salt; Pepper; Garlic powder; Molasses BBQ sauce, recipe follows; 1 1/4 quarts chili sauce; 1 1/2 pints molasses; 1 1/2 pints light beer; 8 tablespoons Dijon mustard; 8 tablespoon chili powder; 2 1/2 tablespoons soy sauce; 2 1/2 tablespoons crystal hot Louisiana sauce; 5 tablespoons lemon juice; 1 1/3 tablespoons liquid smoke | INSTRUCTIONS: Rinse chicken thoroughly. Season inside and outside with salt, pepper, and garlic. Using can opener, open beer can. Place chicken upright on can, so can is inside chicken cavity. Place on a roasting pan and roast in a preheated 350 oven for 50 to 60 minutes or internal temperature of 150 degrees F. Glaze with BBQ sauce and finish cooking on grill. Combine all ingredients in sauce pot and simmer until reduced by 1/3 of the original volume. Cool completely and pack for transport. <END>
INPUT: American, sandwich, cookies, all purpose flour, semisweet chocolate chips, heavy cream, pure peppermint extract
OUTPUT: TITLE: Peppermint-Chocolate Sandwich Cookies | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 (16.5 ounce) tube refrigerated sugar cookie dough; 1/4 cup all-purpose flour plus extra for dusting; 2 cups semisweet chocolate chips, divided; 1/4 cup heavy cream; 1 teaspoon pure peppermint extract; 1 teaspoon vegetable oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Special equipment: 2 1/2-inch round cookie cutter, and a 1/2-ounce cookie scoop Position an oven rack in the lower third of the oven. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line 2 baking sheets with parchment paper. In a medium bowl, knead together the cookie dough and 1/4 cup flour until smooth. Lightly flour a work surface. Roll out the dough to 1/4-inch thick. Using a 2 1/2-inch cookie cutter, cut out circles from the dough. Knead together any scraps of dough and roll out again. Continue to cut out pastry circles until there are 24 pieces in total. Place the dough <END>
INPUT: spritzer, rhubarb, sugar, lemon juice, seltzer, Lemon pink grapefruit
OUTPUT: TITLE: Rhubarb Spritzer | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 10 ounces rhubarb (about 3 medium stalks), cut into 1/2-inch slices; 3/4 cup sugar; 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice; 3 cups seltzer or 1 bottle (750 ml) dry sparkling Cava wine, chilled; Lemon and pink grapefruit slices, halved (optional) | INSTRUCTIONS: In a medium saucepan, stir rhubarb, sugar and lemon juice over medium heat until sugar dissolves. Bring to a boil, then reduce heat to medium-low. Simmer, stirring occasionally, until rhubarb breaks down completely, about 6 minutes. Strain through a fine-mesh sieve, pressing solids to extract as much liquid as possible. Discard solids. Cover and refrigerate until cold, at least 2 hours and up to 1 day. Divide syrup among 8 glasses. Top with seltzer or Cava. Garnish with lemon and grapefruit slices, if desired. Serve immediately In a medium saucepan, stir rhubarb, sugar and lemon juice over med <END>
INPUT: Italian, spaghetti squash, Parmesan cheese, butter, Salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spaghetti Squash with Parmesan Cheese | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 medium spaghetti squash; 1/2 cup grated Parmesan cheese; 1/2 stick butter; Salt and pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Use a paring knife to prick squash all over. Place in a baking dish and bake 1 hour or until soft. Cut squash in half. Scoop out and discard seeds. Using a fork, scrape flesh in strings into a serving bowl. Toss with Parmesan and butter and season to taste with salt and pepper. <END>
INPUT: rolls, Buttermilk Pancake Mix, Vanilla yogurt, Butter, blackberries, blueberries
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pancake Rolls | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Buttermilk Pancake Mix, recipe follows; Vanilla yogurt; Butter, for cooking; Fresh blackberries; Fresh blueberries; Fresh raspberries; Fresh strawberries; Homemade Granola, recipe follows; 3 1/2 cups all-purpose flour; 6 large eggs; 4 cups fresh buttermilk; 6 teaspoons baking powder; 1 1/2 cups milk; 1/2 cup sparkling lemon soda (to make the pancakes really fluffy); 4 ounces Almonds | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Wash and cut the fresh fruit (any seasonal fruit works in this dish). Melt some butter over low heat in a 10-inch frying pan or griddle. Pour an 8-inch round of Buttermilk Pancake Mix in the pan. The pancake will "swell." If it is too thick, pat it down. Cook until golden brown on the bottom, and then flip the pancake and cook the other side until golden brown. Place the huge pancake on a warm plate. Spread the pancake with vanilla yogurt. Next, sprinkle a handful of the fresh mixed fruit on the pancake. Roll the pancake so you create a big roll, like a burrito.  <END>
INPUT: Italian, kebabs, pesto, swordfish steak, almonds, garlic, mint, flat leaf parsley
OUTPUT: TITLE: Swordfish Kebabs with Mint Pesto | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/4 pounds swordfish steak, cut into 1-inch cubes (bloodline removed); 1/4 cup sliced almonds; 1 large clove garlic, smashed; 1 cup packed fresh mint; 1/4 cup packed fresh flat-leaf parsley; Grated zest of 1 lemon, plus wedges for serving; 5 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper; Pinch of red pepper flakes (optional) | INSTRUCTIONS: Put the fish cubes in a bowl. Soak eight 8-inch wooden skewers in water for at least 30 minutes. Meanwhile, make the pesto: Put the almonds and garlic in a food processor and pulse until finely chopped. Add the mint, parsley and lemon zest and pulse until finely ground. Transfer the mixture to a small bowl and whisk in the olive oil; loosen with 1 tablespoon water, if needed. Season the pesto with salt, pepper and the red pepper flakes, if using. Pour about one-third of the pesto over the swordfish and toss to evenly coat. Reserve the remaining pesto for serving. Refrigerate the swordfish for  <END>
INPUT: baby carrots, pork tenderloin, all purpose flour, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mustard Pork with Spaetzle | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 box (10.5 ounces) spaetzle (German noodles) or medium-size egg noodles; 1/2 cup baby carrots, sliced 1/4-inch thick; 1 pork tenderloin (about 1 pound); 3 tablespoons all-purpose flour; 3/4 teaspoon black pepper; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 2 tablespoons butter; 1 package (10 ounces) frozen cut green beans; 1 cup frozen pearl onions (from 10-ounce bag); 1 container (8 ounces) sour cream; 3 tablespoons Dijon mustard; 1/3 cup milk; 3 tablespoons snipped fresh dill | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook the spaetzle following the package directions, adding the sliced carrots for the last 10 minutes of cooking. Meanwhile, slice the pork tenderloin in half lengthwise; then slice crosswise into thin slices, 1/4 to 1/2-inch thick. Place pork slices in plastic food-storage bag with the flour, 1/4 teaspoon pepper and 1/4 teaspoon salt; seal; shake to coat the pork slices evenly. Heat the butter in a large saucepan over medium-high heat. Working in batches to avoid crowding the skillet if necessary, add the pork slices. Cook, turning over, until no longer pink, about 5 minutes. Add the frozen g <END>
INPUT: duck, shallots, piece ginger, coriander seeds, Kosher salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Duck with Figs and Port | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 6-pound duck; 2 medium shallots; 1 2-inch piece ginger, peeled and sliced; 1 1/2 teaspoons coriander seeds, cracked; Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper; 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 4 cups low-sodium chicken broth; 1 cup ruby port; 1 bay leaf; 6 dried black figs, stemmed and halved; 2 tablespoons cold unsalted butter, diced; 1 teaspoon red wine vinegar | INSTRUCTIONS: Place the duck breast-side up on a cutting board. Remove and reserve the giblets and discard the liver. Break down the duck and score the breasts. Puree the shallots, ginger and coriander in a mini food processor. Season the duck legs and the meat side of the breasts with salt, pepper and 2 tablespoons of the ginger mixture. Cover and refrigerate the duck and the remaining ginger mixture while you make the stock. Make the duck stock: Trim the excess fat from the duck bones and chop into 6 to 8 pieces. Heat 2 tablespoons olive oil in a Dutch oven or large pot over medium-high heat; add the bone <END>
INPUT: tetrazzini, Kosher salt, unsalted butter, French thyme, shallot, button mushrooms
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken Tetrazzini with Mushrooms and Sherry | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Kosher salt; 1/2 cup unsalted butter; 2 teaspoons dried French thyme; 1 large shallot, finely chopped; 2 cups sliced button mushrooms; 3/4 cup sherry; Freshly ground black pepper; 2 pounds spaghetti; Nonstick cooking spray; 1 cup unsalted butter, plus 1/2 cup melted butter; 1/2 cup all-purpose flour; 3 1/2 cups half-and-half; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 10 cups shredded cooked chicken; 3 cups shredded white Cheddar | INSTRUCTIONS: For the mushroom saute: Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Melt the butter in a large saute pan set over medium heat. Add the thyme and shallots, and saute until the shallots begin to brown, 1 minute. Add the mushrooms and 1/2 teaspoon salt. Saute for 5 minutes, stirring often. Add the sherry and cook until it evaporates and then add several grinds of black pepper. Cook the spaghetti to al dente. Drain well and cool. For the sauce: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Grease a casserole dish with nonstick cooking spray. Melt the butter in a saucepan set over low heat. Add the flour, st <END>
INPUT: American, cookie, sandwiches, sugar, butter, eggs, Zest orange, all purpose flour
OUTPUT: TITLE: Orange Sugar Cookie Sandwiches with Chocolate Rum Ganache | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 10 1/2 ounces sugar, plus more for sprinkling; 8 ounces butter, at room temperature; 2 eggs; Zest of 1 orange; 12 ounces all-purpose flour; 1 tablespoon baking powder; 2 teaspoons salt; 6 ounces dark chocolate; 6 ounces heavy cream; Dark rum | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: a cookie cutter For the cookies: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper. In the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, beat the sugar and butter together until fluffy. Add the eggs, one at a time, until the mixture is smooth. Scrape down the sides of the bowl, and mix in the orange zest. Sift the flour, baking powder and salt together, and add to the butter mixture, mixing until just combined. Wrap the dough in plastic wrap, and refrigerate for 30 minutes. Roll the dough to 1/4-inch thick and cut out cookies with a cooki <END>
INPUT: cakes, mashed potatoes, parmesan cheese, egg, all purpose flour, Butter oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mashed Potato Cakes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups mashed potatoes; 1/4 cup parmesan cheese; 1 egg, whisked; 7 tablespoons all purpose flour, divided; Butter or oil, for pan-searing | INSTRUCTIONS: Place mashed potatoes, cheese, egg, and 3 tbsp flour in a bowl and stir to combine. Take a scoop of the potato mixture and form into patties. Place the remaining 4 tbsp of flour on a plate. Lightly coat the potato patties in the flour. Heat a thin layer of the oil or butter in a large sauté pan over medium heat. Cook the potato cakes for 3 minutes on each side for a total of 6 minutes. Serve as is or with accompaniments. Place mashed potatoes, cheese, egg, and 3 tbsp flour in a bowl and stir to combine. Take a scoop of the potato mixture and form into patties. Place the remaining 4 tbsp of flo <END>
INPUT: crustes, panko, sage, lemon peel, pepper, egg
OUTPUT: TITLE: Panko-Crustes Mustard Pork Cutlets | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 cup panko (Japanese breadcrumbs); 1 tablespoon chopped fresh sage; 1 teaspoon grated lemon peel; 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 1 large egg; 2 tablespoons water; 1 tablespoon mayonnaise; 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard; 2 10- to 12-ounce pork cutlets; 3 tablespoons garlic-flavored olive oil; sage sprigs (optional); Lemon wedges | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine first 4 ingredients on plate. Whisk egg and 2 tablespoons water in medium bowl to blend. Whisk mayonnaise and mustard in small bowl. Dredge pork cutlets with mayonnaise-mustard mixture; dip into beaten egg, then coat cutlets with panko crumb mixture. Transfer to plate. Heat oil in heavy medium skillet over medium-high heat. Add pork; cook until no longer pink on inside and crumbs are golden brown, about 5 minutes per side. Transfer pork cutlets to 2 plates. Garnish with sage sprigs, if desired. Serve with lemon wedges. Combine first 4 ingredients on plate. Whisk egg and 2 tablespoons w <END>
INPUT: batini, vodka, curacao, blackberries, simple syrup, grapefruit juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Batini Black | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 ounces vodka (recommended: Tito's Handmade Vodka); 1/2 ounce blue curacao; 10 fresh blackberries; Splash simple syrup; Splash grapefruit juice; Splash Champagne; Blackberry and bat-shaped mint, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Add vodka, blue curacao, blackberries, simple syrup and grapefruit juice to a martini shaker and shake vigorously until the drink turns a deep purple. Strain into a cocktail glass and top with a splash of champagne. Garnish with a blackberry and a bat-shaped mint. <END>
INPUT: sauce, sour cream, sugar, vanilla, unsulfered molasses, strawberries
OUTPUT: TITLE: Strawberries with Molasses Sour Cream Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup sour cream; 1 teaspoon sugar; 1/4 teaspoon vanilla; 4 tablespoons unsulfered molasses; 2 pint strawberries, hulled, and if large halved | INSTRUCTIONS: In a small bowl whisk together sour cream, sugar, vanilla and 2 tablespoons molasses until smooth. Divide strawberries between 4 bowls and top with sour cream sauce. Drizzle remaining molasses over servings.; <END>
INPUT: Asian, slaw, Napa cabbage, scallions, cilantro leaves, roasted unsalted peanuts, Kosher salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Peanut Slaw | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1 medium head Napa cabbage, shredded; 1 bunch scallions, thinly sliced on the bias; 1/2 cup fresh cilantro leaves, chopped; 1 cup roasted unsalted peanuts, plus more for garnish; Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper; 1/2 cup rice vinegar; 4 teaspoons soy sauce; 2 tablespoons smooth peanut butter (recommended: Jiffy); 2 tablespoons sesame oil; 2 tablespoons sugar; 1/2 cup canola oil, or as needed | INSTRUCTIONS: Toss the cabbage with the scallions, cilantro and peanuts. Season with salt and pepper. In a small mixing bowl, whisk the vinegar, soy sauce, peanut butter, sesame oil and sugar together. Slowly whisk in the canola oil until dressing is emulsified. Toss the dressing with the cabbage and garnish with roasted peanuts before serving. Cook's Note: Feel free to use different types of cabbages to make this simple slaw. <END>
INPUT: mulled, all natural cranberry, cranberries, long curl orange
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mulled Cran-Cider | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups all-natural cranberry juice; 1 cup whole cranberries, fresh or frozen; 1 (1-inch) ginger root, peeled; A long curl orange peel; 2 whole cloves; 2 cinnamon sticks; 1 quart cloudy organic apple cider | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine the juice, cranberries, ginger, orange peel studded with cloves, cinnamon, and cider in a medium saucepan over low heat. Bring to a low simmer and steep the mixture for about 15 minutes. Discard the orange peel and cloves and pour into mugs to serve. <END>
INPUT: sugar, molasses, kosher salt, water, cinnamon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pork Chops with Molasses Glazed Apples | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 ounces sugar; 1/4 cup molasses; 2 ounces kosher salt; 2 quarts water; 1/4 cinnamon stick; 1/2 tablespoon coriander; 1/2 tablespoon whole black pepper; 2 garlic cloves, smashed; 2 whole cloves; 4 double cut pork chops (ask your butcher); 2 tablespoons butter; 2 Granny Smith apples, sliced thin; 1/4 cup cider vinegar; 4 cups pork brine; Salt and pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: For the brine: Combine all ingredients in a medium sized pot and bring to a boil. Remove from heat and let cool in the refrigerator. Place the pork chops in a glass or ceramic baking dish that will hold them comfortably in a single layer. Pour the brine over the chops and place in the refrigerator for 8 hours or overnight. Remove the pork chops from the brine and season well with salt and pepper. Grill or roast until desired doneness, approximately 12 minutes for medium. Remove the chops from the oven and keep in a warm place while you prepare the apples. In a large saute pan, heat the butter  <END>
INPUT: American, meringue, topping, milk, zest lemon, sugar, all purpose flour, egg yolks
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lemon Meringue with Amaretti Cookie Topping | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup whole milk; Finely grated zest of 1 large lemon; 1/2 cup sugar; 3 tablespoons all-purpose flour; 4 egg yolks; 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, at room temperature; 3 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 1/4 teaspoon pure vanilla extract; 1 cup sugar; 4 large egg whites, at room temperature; 1/4 cup (4 tablespoons) fresh lemon juice (from 1 large lemon); 1/2 cup all-purpose flour; 1/3 cup packed light brown sugar; 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, cut into 1/2-inch pieces, chilled; 12 amaretti or 1 1/2-inch diameter vanilla cookies | INSTRUCTIONS: For the custard: In a small saucepan, bring the milk and lemon zest to a boil over medium heat. Remove the pan from the heat and allow the mixture to cool for 5 minutes. In a medium bowl, whisk together the sugar, flour and egg yolks (the mixture will be thick). Pour the milk mixture into the bowl, whisking until smooth. Return the mixture to the saucepan and whisk slowly and constantly over medium-low heat until smooth and thick, 6 to 7 minutes. Remove the pan from the heat and stir in the butter. Whisk in the lemon juice and vanilla until smooth. Transfer the custard to a clean bowl and lay  <END>
INPUT: gingered, cram, rhubarb, orange juice, gingerroot, sugar, unsalted butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Gingered Rhubarb with Vanilla Ice Cram | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/4 pounds rhubarb, trimmed and cut into 3/4-inch pieces (about 3 cups); 1 tablespoon fresh orange juice; 1 tablespoon minced peeled fresh gingerroot; 1/3 cup sugar, or to taste; 1 tablespoon unsalted butter; vanilla ice cream as an accompaniment; fresh mint sprigs for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: In a microwave-safe 2-quart dish combine the rhubarb, the orange juice, the gingerroot, the sugar, and the butter, cover the dish with microwavable-safe plastic wrap, leaving one corner uncovered, and microwave the mixture at high power (100%) for 5 minutes. Stir the mixture and microwave it, covered partially, for 2 minutes, or until the rhubarb is tender. Let the mixture cool slightly, serve it with the ice cream, and garnish it with the mint. (The gingered rhubarb may also be served as a compote.) In a microwave-safe 2-quart dish combine the rhubarb, the orange juice, the gingerroot, the su <END>
INPUT: Mexican, chowder, onion, vegetable oil, corn, water, cumin
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cumin Corn Chowder | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 onion, chopped; 1 tablespoon vegetable oil; 2 cups fresh corn (cut from about 4 ears); 3 cups water; 1/4 teaspoon ground cumin; 1/2 pound tofu (preferably silken); 1 garlic clove, chopped fine | INSTRUCTIONS: In a heavy saucepan cook onion in oil over moderately low heat, stirring, until softened. Add corn, water, and cumin and simmer 10 minutes. Chop tofu if not using silken. In a blender purée tofu, garlic, and all but about 1 cup soup in 2 batches, transferring it as puréed to bowl, and stir into remaining soup. Season soup with salt and pepper and heat over moderate heat, stirring, until hot. In a heavy saucepan cook onion in oil over moderately low heat, stirring, until softened. Add corn, water, and cumin and simmer 10 minutes. Chop tofu if not using silken. In a blender purée tofu, garlic, a <END>
INPUT: Italian, burgers, melon, turkey, onion, garlic, basil leaves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Turkey Burgers with Prosciutto and Melon | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 35198; 2 pounds ground turkey; 2 tablespoons grated onion; 2 cloves minced garlic; 4 tablespoons chopped basil leaves, divided; 1 teaspoon seasoned salt; 1/2 teaspoon black pepper; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 6 slices prosciutto; 1/2 cup mayonnaise; 2 teaspoons lemon juice; 6 slices smoked provolone; 6 ciabatta rolls; 6 slices cantaloupe | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat grill pan on stovetop to medium-high heat. In a large mixing bowl, combine ground turkey, grated onion, garlic, 2 tablespoons basil, seasoned salt and pepper. Form mixture into 6 patties. Set aside. Brush grill pan with olive oil. Place patties on grill pan. Cook on each side for 5 to 6 minutes or until cooked thoroughly. While burgers are cooking, preheat a large nonstick skillet on the stovetop. Place prosciutto slices in skillet and cook until crispy. Set aside. In a small bowl, combine mayonnaise, lemon juice and remaining 2 tablespoons basil. Set aside. When the turkey burgers are <END>
INPUT: Mexican, salsa, orange segments, pepper, scallion, onion, cilantro
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mahimahi with Orange Salsa | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup diced orange segments; 1/8 cup finely diced red pepper; 1/8 cup finely diced scallion; 1/8 cup finely diced red onion; 1/8 cup chopped cilantro; 1/2 cup orange juice; 1 tablespoon maple syrup; 1 tablespoon lime juice; 2 tablespoons olive oil; Salt and pepper; 4 (12-ounce) mahimahi fillets | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine orange, red pepper, scallions, red onion, and cilantro. Add orange juice, syrup, lime juice, and olive oil. Season, to taste, with salt and pepper. Grill the fish fillets for 4 minutes on each side and top with salsa. <END>
INPUT: soup, turkey carcass, celery leaves, carrots, onion, bay leaf
OUTPUT: TITLE: Turkey Soup with Rice | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 turkey carcass; 2 stalks celery with leaves, coarsely chopped; 2 carrots, coarsely chopped; 1 onion, peeled and quartered; 1 bay leaf; 8 cups water; 3 tablespoons butter; 1 cup chopped onion; 1 cup chopped celery; 2 teaspoons dried thyme; 2 cups chopped carrots; 1 cup rice; 2 cups chopped leftover turkey; 1 cup frozen or leftover corn; 3 tablespoons fresh parsley | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large pot, combine carcass, celery, carrots, onion, bay leaf and water and bring to a simmer. Simmer for 2 to 3 hours over medium low heat. Strain and discard vegetables and bones. Reserve turkey stock. In a large pot, melt butter and cook onions until tender. Stir in celery and thyme. Stir in carrots and rice and toss to coat. Stir in turkey stock and bring to a simmer. Cook until vegetables and rice are tender. Stir in turkey, corn and parsley. Return to simmer and season to taste. <END>
INPUT: Italian, pesto, flat leaf parsley, Parmigiano Reggiano, pine nuts, garlic, virgin olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sugar Snap Peas and Potatoes with Parsley Pesto | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 4 cups flat-leaf parsley sprigs; 1/2 cup grated Parmigiano-Reggiano; 1/2 cup pine nuts; 2 garlic cloves, chopped; 1/2 cup plus 1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil, divided; 1 pound small (1-to 1 1/2-inch) red potatoes, halved; 1 1/2 pounds sugar snap peas, strings removed; Garnish: flat-leaf parsley sprigs | INSTRUCTIONS: Pulse parsley with cheese, pine nuts, garlic, and 1/2 teaspoon each of salt and pepper in a food processor until finely chopped. With motor running, add 1/2 cup oil in a slow stream, blending until incorporated and almost smooth. Cover potatoes with water in a medium pot and season well with salt, then boil until tender, 10 to 12 minutes. Drain in a colander. Heat remaining tablespoon oil in a wide medium pot over medium-high heat until it shimmers. Sauté sugar snaps until crisp-tender, about 4 minutes. Remove from heat and add potatoes and pesto, stirring gently to coat. Transfer to a serving <END>
INPUT: creamed, spinach, unsalted butter, virgin olive oil, garlic, heavy cream
OUTPUT: TITLE: Creamed Spinach | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 pounds spinach; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 2 cloves garlic, lightly smashed; 3/4 cup heavy cream; 1 teaspoon freshly ground nutmeg; 1/4 cup freshly grated Parmesan; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Wash the spinach in several changes of water to get rid of any grit. Drain the spinach but keep some of the water clinging to the leaves. Heat the butter and oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat and add the spinach and garlic. Cook, turning frequently, until the spinach is wilted down evenly. Remove the garlic and put the spinach into a colander and let it drain well. Press out as much liquid as you can from the leaves and chop them coarsely. Heat the skillet again over medium-high heat and add the cream and nutmeg; cook until it reduces a bit, about 5 minutes. Add the spinach and parm <END>
INPUT: American, rillettes, mascarpone cheese, onion, dill garnish, smoked trout fillets
OUTPUT: TITLE: Smoked Trout Rillettes with Radishes and Celery | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 cup mascarpone cheese; 1/4 cup finely chopped green onion; 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh dill plus sprigs for garnish; 1 1/2 tablespoons (or more) fresh lemon juice; 1 1/2 cups small pieces smoked trout fillets without skin and bones (about 6 to 7 ounces); Assorted crackers and rye, pumpernickel, and black bread slices; 2 bunches of small radishes, trimmed Inner celery stalks, cut into sticks | INSTRUCTIONS: Mix mascarpone, green onion, chopped dill, and 1 1/2 tablespoons lemon juice in small bowl. Add trout and stir gently to blend. Season to taste with salt, pepper, and more lemon juice, if desired. Transfer mixture to small serving bowl. DO AHEAD: Can be made 1 day ahead. Cover and chill. Let stand at room temperature 1 hour before serving. Place bowl with rillettes on platter; surround with crackers, bread slices, radishes, and celery stalks and serve. Mix mascarpone, green onion, chopped dill, and 1 1/2 tablespoons lemon juice in small bowl. Add trout and stir gently to blend. Season to taste <END>
INPUT: cocktail, oranges, vanilla bean, vodka, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Orange Wine Shrimp Cocktail | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 oranges (blood oranges, if available); 1/2 vanilla bean; 1 3-liter box (about 12 1/2 cups) white wine; 3 cups vodka; 3 cups sugar; 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 2 to 3 sprigs fresh thyme; Pinch of red pepper flakes; Kosher salt; 1 pound large shrimp, unpeeled | INSTRUCTIONS: Make the orange wine: Remove the orange zest in wide strips with a paring knife and place in a large sterilized container with a lid. Juice the oranges into the container. Split the vanilla bean lengthwise and scrape the seeds into the container, then add the pod. Stir in the wine, vodka and sugar. You can use the wine for poaching the shrimp right away or, ideally, cover with the lid and set aside in a cool, dark place, stirring once a week, for 2 to 4 weeks. (The wine will keep for up to 2 months.) Prepare the shrimp: Combine 1 1/2 cups orange wine with the olive oil, thyme, red pepper flake <END>
INPUT: mousse, cranberry juice, milk, heavy whipping cream
OUTPUT: TITLE: White Chocolate Mousse with Cranberry Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup cranberry juice; 1 (8-ounce) can jellied cranberry sauce; 1/2 cup milk; 1 (12-ounce) bag white chocolate morsels; 1 cup heavy whipping cream | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat the cranberry juice in a small saucepan over high heat. Whisk in the cranberry sauce and heat until mixture is completely melted and a pourable consistency is reached. Remove from the heat and allow to cool to room temperature. Heat the milk in a small saucepan over medium-low heat until to just before it comes to a simmer. Put the white chocolate chips in a medium bowl and pour in the hot milk. Let sit for 1 minute then whisk until smooth. Refrigerate until chilled but not set, it should have a thick but pourable consistency. Add the cream to a chilled medium bowl and beat with a hand mi <END>
INPUT: minted, soup, cucumbers, plain yogurt, salt, sugar, English style mustard
OUTPUT: TITLE: Minted Cucumber and Bell Pepper Buttermilk Soup | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cucumbers, peeled and seeded; 3/4 cup plain yogurt; 1 teaspoon salt; 1-1/2 teaspoons sugar, or to taste; 2 teaspoons English-style dry mustard, or to taste; 2-1/2 cups buttermilk; 1 large red bell pepper, diced fine (about 1 cup); 1 large yellow bell pepper, diced fine (about 1 cup); 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh mint leaves plus shredded mint leaves for garnish; fresh lemon juice to taste | INSTRUCTIONS: In a blender purée 1 of the cucumbers, chopped, the yogurt, the salt, the sugar, and the mustard, transfer the purée to a large bowl, and stir in the buttermilk, the bell peppers, the remaining cucumber, diced fine, and the 2 tablespoons chopped mint. Chill the soup, covered, for a least 3 hours or overnight and stir in the lemon juice and salt to taste. Divide the soup among 4 bowls and garnish it with the shredded mint. In a blender purée 1 of the cucumbers, chopped, the yogurt, the salt, the sugar, and the mustard, transfer the purée to a large bowl, and stir in the buttermilk, the bell pep <END>
INPUT: Italian, sauce, salad, canola oil, onion, lemongrass, garlic, Thai bird chiles
OUTPUT: TITLE: Seared Sea Scallops with Lemongrass Sauce and Basil, Mint and Cilantro Salad | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 2 teaspoons canola oil; 1 onion, chopped; 6 stalks lemongrass, dry leaves removed, stems pounded; cut into 3-inch lengths; 4 cloves garlic, finely chopped; 3 red Thai bird chiles, finely chopped (found in grocery stores' Asian section); 2 cups dry white wine; 1 can (28 ounce) whole tomatoes, plus juice; 1/2 cup Thai basil; 1/2 cup fresh mint; 1/2 cup cilantro sprigs; Juice from 1/2 lime; 2 teaspoon canola oil; 24 jumbo sea scallops; 1 tablespoon canola oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat oil in a large, nonstick pan over low heat. Cook onion with a pinch of salt until translucent, about 12 minutes. Stir in lemon grass, garlic and chiles. Add wine. Raise heat to high, then simmer 5 minutes. Add tomatoes and juice; break apart tomatoes. Simmer until sauce thickens, about 20 minutes. Force sauce through a colander and discard solids. Season with salt and pepper. Heat oil in a large, nonstick pan over low heat. Cook onion with a pinch of salt until translucent, about 12 minutes. Stir in lemon grass, garlic and chiles. Add wine. Raise heat to high, then simmer 5 minutes. Add t <END>
INPUT: rolls, pecorino Romano cheese, rosemary, capers, garlic, veal scallops
OUTPUT: TITLE: Veal Rolls with Pecorino and Balsamic Vinegar | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 cup grated pecorino Romano cheese (about 2 ounces); 2 tablespoons chopped fresh rosemary or 2 teaspoons dried; 2 tablespoons drained capers, chopped; 1 large garlic clove, minced; 8 1/4-inch-thick veal scallops (each about 5x4 inches); 8 1/8-inch-thick slices cooked ham (each about 5x4 inches); 1 tablespoon butter; 1 tablespoon olive oil; 1/2 cup dry white wine; 2 tablespoons balsamic vinegar | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine pecorino Romano, rosemary, capers and garlic in small bowl. Season with salt and pepper. Place veal scallops in single layer on work surface. Sprinkle with salt and pepper. Place 1 ham slice atop each veal slice. Sprinkle cheese mixture atop ham, dividing equally. Fold in long sides, covering 1/2 inch of filling on each side. Starting at 1 short end, roll up as for jelly roll. Fasten with toothpicks. Melt butter with oil in heavy large skillet over medium-high heat. Add veal rolls; sauté until brown on all sides, about 4 minutes. Add wine to skillet; boil until liquid is reduced by hal <END>
INPUT: Mexican, fajitas, skirt steaks, lime juice, onion, garlic, hot chili sauce
OUTPUT: TITLE: Steak Fajitas with Fresh Lime | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2 12-ounce skirt steaks, each halved; 3 tablespoons fresh lime juice, divided; 1 large onion, halved lengthwise, thinly sliced; 4 large garlic cloves, pressed; 1 1/2 tablespoons hot chili sauce (such as sriracha)*; 1 tablespoon ground cumin; 1 teaspoon finely grated lime peel; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 12 cherry tomatoes; 1/3 cup thinly sliced fresh basil; *Available in the Asian foods section of many supermarkets and at Asian markets | INSTRUCTIONS: Warm flour or corn tortillas Arrange steaks in 13x9x2-inch glass baking dish; sprinkle with salt and pepper. Combine 2 tablespoons lime juice and next 5 ingredients in medium bowl. Pour onion mixture over steaks; turn to coat evenly. Let marinate 10 minutes. Heat oil in large nonstick skillet over high heat. Add steaks with onion mixture. Cook steaks 1 minute per side. Add tomatoes and basil. Continue cooking steaks to desired doneness, turning occasionally, about 3 minutes longer for medium-rare. Sprinkle mixture with 1 tablespoon lime juice. Cook 1 minute longer to blend flavors. Transfer st <END>
INPUT: cornmeal, Hungarian hot paprika, pepper, Canola oil, haddock fillet
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Haddock Roll | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups cornmeal; 1/4 teaspoon Hungarian hot paprika; Black pepper; Canola oil, for frying; 6 ounces haddock fillet; 2 cups milk; 1 Snowflake Roll, split, recipe follows; 1 leaf lettuce; Quick-Pickled Red Onions, for serving, recipe follows; Tartar Sauce, for serving, recipe follows; Coleslaw, for serving, recipe follows; 1 tablespoon honey; 3 cups warm water (90 to 110 degrees F); 3 tablespoons yeast; 4 cups high-gluten flour | INSTRUCTIONS: Whisk together the cornmeal, paprika and some pepper in a bowl. Heat a cast-iron pan over medium-high to high heat and add several tablespoons oil. Dredge the haddock in the milk, then place in the cornmeal mixture to coat. Place the haddock into the pan and fry until golden brown, turning once, about 2 minutes per side. Remove and place onto the bottom half of the snowflake roll. Top with the lettuce, Quick-Pickled Red Onions and Tartar Sauce. Serve with Coleslaw. Put the honey into the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the hook attachment. Add the warm water and yeast and let sit for 2 to 3  <END>
INPUT: mexican, water, salt, bell pepper, avocado
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mexican Squash with Yogurt Dip | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 5 cups water; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1 pound (about 4) chayote squash, seeded and cut lengthwise into 8 wedges; 1 green bell pepper, roughly chopped to yield 1 cup; 1/2 avocado, pitted; 1/4 teaspoon ground cumin; 3/4 cup plain non-fat yogurt; 1/4 cup low-fat mayonnaise; Salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. In a medium saucepan, bring the water and salt to a boil over medium-high heat. Add the squash and cook until tender, about 10 minutes. Strain and set aside. For the dip: In a food processor, blend the bell pepper, avocado, ground cumin, yogurt, and mayonnaise until smooth, about 1 minute. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Transfer to a serving bowl and let stand for 10 minutes to thicken. Serve the dip with warm or room-temperature chayote squash. <END>
INPUT: American, chuck, Kosher salt pepper, canola oil, cheese, hamburger buns
OUTPUT: TITLE: Perfect Burger | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 pounds ground chuck (80 percent lean) or ground turkey (90 percent lean); Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 1/2 tablespoons canola oil; 4 slices cheese (optional); 4 hamburger buns, split; toasted, if desired | INSTRUCTIONS: Toasted Burger Buns Divide the meat into 4 equal portions (about 6 ounces each). Form each portion loosely into a 3/4-inch-thick burger and make a deep depression in the center with your thumb. Season both sides of each burger with salt and pepper. IF USING A GRILL: Heat a gas grill to high or heat coals in a charcoal grill until they glow bright orange and ash over. Brush the burgers with the oil. Grill the burgers until golden brown and slightly charred on the first side, about 3 minutes for beef and 5 minutes for turkey. Flip over the burgers. Cook beef burgers until golden brown and slight <END>
INPUT: purpose, pork shoulder, kosher salt, pepper, onion, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: All-Purpose Pork Shoulder | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 3-to-4-pound boneless pork shoulder (or 4 1/2-pound bone-in pork shoulder); 1 tablespoon kosher salt; 2 teaspoons ground black pepper; 1 onion, roughly chopped; 4 cloves garlic, finely minced or pressed through a garlic press; 1/2 cup dry white wine | INSTRUCTIONS: Rinse the pork, place on a cutting board, pat dry with paper towels and rub in the salt and pepper. Set the pork in the bowl of a slow cooker, scatter the onion over the pork, sprinkle in the garlic and add the wine. Cook until the meat easily pulls apart with a fork, about 5 hours on high or 8 hours on low. Turn off the slow cooker and transfer the pork to a platter. Use two forks to shred the meat. If you don't have a slow cooker, you can braise the pork shoulder in a 325 degrees F oven for 2 1/2 to 3 1/2 hours. Photograph by Kat Teutsch <END>
INPUT: roll, eggs, sugar, sweet dark chocolate, water, Cocoa
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate Roll | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 5 large eggs; 3/4 cup sugar; 6 ounces sweet dark chocolate (preferably Baker's German); 3 tablespoons cold water; Cocoa, for dusting; 1 cup whipping cream; 1/4 cup or less confectioners' sugar, to taste; 1 to 2 teaspoons vanilla, to taste | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Grease a 9 1/2 by 13 1/2 by 3/4-inch pan. Cut waxed paper width of pan plus 5 inches in length. Line the pan so there is at least 2 inches of waxed paper extending over both ends of the pan. Grease the paper. Separate the eggs, and beat the yolks with the sugar, until they are light, creamy and thickened. Break chocolate into pieces and place in medium saucepan with the water. Melt over hot (not boiling) and let cool. Using clean beaters, beat the egg whites until stiff. Stir the chocolate into the yolks and fold in the beaten egg whites. Gently combine. To f <END>
INPUT: American, virginia, fowl, bay leaves, rosemary leaves, celery, carrots
OUTPUT: TITLE: Old Virginia Chicken and Peanut Pie | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 small fowl (chicken, duck, Cornish hen - your favorite); 2 bay leaves; 1/4 teaspoon rosemary leaves; 2 stalks celery, sliced; 2 medium carrots, sliced; 8 to 12 pearl onions or 1 large onion, diced large; 1/2 cup green peas or 12 snow peas; 1/4 cup sliced mushrooms; 1/2 cup dry roasted unsalted peanuts; 2 1/2 to 3 cups Cream Sauce, recipe follows; Pastry Crust, recipe follows; 1 egg, beaten; Nutmeg, for sprinkling; 1 cup cream (cold); 4 tablespoons all-purpose flour | INSTRUCTIONS: In a stockpot, cover fowl with water. Add bay leaves and rosemary, bring to a boil, and then simmer until tender. Remove fowl from pot and set aside to cool. Reserve stock in pan. Bone fowl, saving the skin and bones to add back to stock later. Place meat in each of 4 (2-cup) serving bowls. Add celery, carrots, and onions to stock and simmer until tender. Strain, reserving the stock, and divide into bowls with fowl. Add peas, mushrooms and peanuts to bowl with fowl and vegetables. Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Divide sauce evenly among bowls. Cover pies with pastry crust; brush crust with bea <END>
INPUT: granita, oranges, orange juice from, water, sugar, orange flavored liqueur
OUTPUT: TITLE: Orange Granita | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 small oranges, empty and frozen; 1 1/2 cups orange juice from scooped oranges; 1/2 cup water; 1/4 cup sugar; 1/2 cup orange-flavored liqueur (recommended: Cointreau) | INSTRUCTIONS: Cut the top off each orange, just enough to scoop out the pulp for later use. Discard tops and freeze empty orange shells. NOTE: For easier scooping, roll the oranges by hand before cutting the tops, using a firm downward pressure to loosen the pulp. In a colander, fine mesh strainer, or food mill, mash the orange pulp to remove as much juice as possible. Add additional juice, if necessary, to make 1 1/2 cups. Combine water and sugar in a small saucepan and bring to a boil. When the sugar is totally dissolved, remove from heat and allow to cool. Add orange juice and orange liqueur. Pour the mi <END>
INPUT: American, lemon pepper, pepper, salt, garlic salt, cayenne pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: BBQ Beer Chicken | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 teaspoons lemon pepper; 2 teaspoons black pepper; 2 teaspoons salt; 2 teaspoons garlic salt; 1 teaspoon cayenne pepper; 4 large size chicken halves; 1 can or bottle of beer (recommended: Coors beer) | INSTRUCTIONS: Mix the seasonings together in a small bowl and sprinkle onto the chicken halves. Let the seasoned chicken sit, covered, in the refrigerator at least 1 hour and a half before grilling. Preheat the grill. Place the chicken, bone side down, onto the grill and leave for at least 15 minutes to make sure the seasoning sticks. Gently turn the chicken over and continue to let it cook for another 15 minutes. Pop the seal of the beer can just enough to spray a fine mist over the chicken without disrupting or extinguishing your flame. If you are using a bottle of beer, use your thumb to control the amou <END>
INPUT: parsley, butter, onion, lemon zest
OUTPUT: TITLE: Stuffed Lobster | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 (1 1/2-pound) lobsters; Fresh herbs: parsley, rosemary, thyme; 4 tablespoons of butter; 1/2 onion, diced; 1 teaspoon lemon zest; 2 tablespoons sliced scallions; 2 handfuls crumbled buttery crackers; Extra-virgin olive oil, for brushing and drizzling | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 450 degrees F. Place lobsters in pan and chill in freezer for 15 to 20 minutes. Meanwhile, place 1 layer of river rocks* in the bottom of a wide pot and fill with 1-inch of water. Bring to a boil over high heat. Spread herbs across rocks, then quickly place lobsters on top. Cover and cook for 2 to 3 minutes. Remove and place in ice bath to halt cooking. Lay paper towels across a cutting board. Bring one lobster to the board and using your chef's knife, cut the lobster straight down the center, from head to tail. Remove tomalley and discard. Remove legs and claws. Using a rollin <END>
INPUT: Italian, margherita, tube refrigerated pizza, virgin olive oil, cherry tomatoes, garlic, fennel seeds
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cherry Tomato Pizza Margherita | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 13.8-ounce tube refrigerated pizza dough; 1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil; 1 12-ounce bag cherry tomatoes, stemmed; 1 garlic clove, pressed; 1/2 teaspoon fennel seeds, coarsely crushed in plastic bag; 1/4 teaspoon dried crushed red pepper; 1 4-ounce ball fresh mozzarella in water (ovoline), diced; 4 ounces whole-milk mozzarella, diced; 1/3 cup chopped fresh basil leaves plus small leaves for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Position rack in top third of oven and preheat to 425°F. Unroll dough on heavy large baking sheet; pull to about 12x8-inch rectangle, pinching any tears to seal. Fold over edge of dough to make border. Heat large skillet over high heat 2 minutes. Add oil, then tomatoes; sprinkle with salt and pepper. Sauté until tomatoes are charred and beginning to break down, about 5 minutes. Transfer to large bowl. Mix in garlic, fennel, and crushed red pepper. Using back of fork, crush tomatoes in bowl, leaving large chunks intact. Season mixture with salt and pepper. Toss cheeses and chopped basil in medi <END>
INPUT: water, kosher salt, lemon, peppercorns, pepper flakes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pickled Shrimp | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 quarts water; 1 tablespoon kosher salt; 1 lemon, juiced; 1 teaspoon whole peppercorns; Pinch red pepper flakes; 2 pounds large shrimp, shelled and de-veined; 1/2 cup cider vinegar; 1/2 cup water; 1 teaspoon whole coriander; 2 bay leaves; 3 whole garlic cloves; 1/4 cup sugar; 1 teaspoon crushed red pepper; 1 lemon, zested; 1 tablespoon fresh thyme | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring water, salt, lemon juice, peppercorns, and pepper flakes to a boil and poach the shrimp. Drain and place in heat proof bowl. Bring marinade ingredients to a boil and pour over shrimp. Allow to cool and refrigerate. Can be kept refrigerated for up to 2 weeks. <END>
INPUT: fritters, milk, all purpose flour, granulated sugar, active yeast, kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Apple Fritters | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup whole milk; 1 3/4 cups all-purpose flour, plus more for kneading and the surface; 2 tablespoons granulated sugar; 1 3/4 teaspoons active dry yeast; 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt; 1 large egg; 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature, plus more for the bowl; Oil, for frying; 3 small apples, peeled, cored and diced (about 3 cups); 2 teaspoons apple cider vinegar; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 2 tablespoons granulated sugar; 1 cup confectioners' sugar; 1 to 2 tablespoons whole milk; 1/2 teaspoon pure vanilla extract | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: A deep-fry thermometer A flexible bench scraper For the dough: Heat the milk in a small saucepan over medium heat just until bubbles form around the edge. Transfer the milk to a small bowl and let it cool to about 110 degrees F. Meanwhile, in a large bowl, whisk together the flour, granulated sugar, yeast and salt. Add the egg to the milk and whisk to combine. With a wooden spoon, add the milk mixture to the flour mixture and stir it into a ball. Tip the dough onto a lightly floured surface and knead the dough until it is smooth, about 5 minutes. You can add a little bit mor <END>
INPUT: American, cheese, virgin olive oil, basil, mozzarella
OUTPUT: TITLE: Polenta Pie with Cheese and Tomato Sauce | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil; 1 (16- to 18-oz) ready-made plain polenta roll (plastic-wrapped); 2 tablespoons chopped fresh basil; 1 (25- to 26-oz) jar chunky tomato sauce (preferably Lucini brand Sicilian eggplant and olive)*; 1/4 pound mozzarella, coarsely shredded (1 cup); 2 tablespoons finely grated Parmigiano-Reggiano | INSTRUCTIONS: Put oven rack in middle position and preheat oven to 450°F. Oil a 9-inch pie plate or a 4-cup gratin dish with 1 teaspoon oil. 3Cut polenta roll crosswise into 1/4-inch-thick slices and line pie plate with half of slices, overlapping slices slightly to completely cover bottom of pie plate. Stir 1 tablespoon basil into 1 1/2 cups pasta sauce and spread over polenta, then sprinkle with half of mozzarella. Top with remaining half of polenta slices, then sprinkle with Parmigiano-Reggiano and remaining half of mozzarella. Bake until bubbling and golden, about 20 minutes. While pie bakes, heat remai <END>
INPUT: pancakes, low fat buttermilk, nonfat milk, eggs, honey, pure maple syrup
OUTPUT: TITLE: Whole-Wheat Apple Pancakes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup low-fat buttermilk; 3/4 cup nonfat milk; 2 large eggs; 1 tablespoon honey; 6 tablespoons pure maple syrup; 1 medium apple, diced; 3/4 cup all-purpose flour; 3/4 cup whole-wheat four; 2 teaspoons baking powder; 1/2 teaspoon baking soda; 1/4 teaspoon salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 250. Put the apple in a microwave-safe bowl and tightly cover with plastic wrap; microwave on high until softened, about 2 minutes. In a large bowl, whisk the flours, baking powder, baking soda and salt. In a small bowl, whisk the buttermilk, nonfat milk, eggs and honey, then slowly add the dry ingredients, stirring until just combined. Heat a large nonstick griddle or skillet over medium heat. Spoon 1/4 cup batter onto the griddle for each pancake and sprinkle each with apple, then drizzle a little more batter over the apple. Cook until the tops are bubbly and the edges ar <END>
INPUT: affogato, shots espresso espresso, pure almond extract, vanilla ice cream, almonds
OUTPUT: TITLE: Almond Affogato | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 shots espresso or 4 teaspoons espresso powder dissolved in 3/4 cup boiling water; 1 teaspoon pure almond extract; 2 cups vanilla ice cream or gelato; 1/4 cup sliced almonds, toasted | INSTRUCTIONS: In a 1-cup glass measuring cup, mix together the espresso and almond extract. Scoop 1/2 cup of the ice cream into each of 4 dessert bowls or glasses. Pour 1 shot of hot espresso or 2 tablespoons of the espresso powder mixture over each. Sprinkle with toasted almonds and serve immediately. <END>
INPUT: American, bell peppers, virgin olive oil, Kosher salt, leftover ragu from, couscous
OUTPUT: TITLE: Ragu-Stuffed Peppers | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 4 bell peppers (red, yellow or a mix), halved lengthwise, seeds removed; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; Kosher salt; About 3 cups leftover ragu from Fettuccine With Quick Ragu, recipe follows; 1/2 cup couscous; 3/4 cup golden raisins; 3/4 cup grated asiago or fontina cheese; 4 teaspoons red wine vinegar; 1/2 cup chopped fresh parsley; 2 tablespoons tomato paste; 1/2 onion; 1 stalk celery, cut into 4 pieces; 1 small carrot, cut into 4 pieces; 1 clove garlic; 1/2 teaspoon chopped fresh rosemary | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F. Toss the bell pepper halves with 1 tablespoon olive oil and 1/2 teaspoon salt in a large microwave-safe bowl. Cover and microwave until the peppers soften, 10 to 12 minutes. Meanwhile, mix the ragu, couscous, raisins, 1/2 cup cheese, 3 teaspoons vinegar, the parsley and 1/4 teaspoon salt in a bowl. Whisk the remaining 1 tablespoon olive oil and 1 teaspoon vinegar, the tomato paste and 3/4 cup water in the bottom of a large nonreactive baking dish. Carefully transfer the peppers, cut-side up, to the baking dish and fill with the couscous mixture. Sprinkle with <END>
INPUT: Mexican, tomatoes, roasted, peanut butter, adobo sauce from, Salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken in Peanut Sauce | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2 large tomatoes, cored; 2 cups roasted, unsalted peanuts; 1 tablespoon peanut butter; 2 tablespoons adobo sauce from canned chipotles (reserve chipotles for another use); Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 cups shredded chicken breast meat, from 2 cooked chicken breasts; Sesame seeds, for garnish; Chopped fresh cilantro, for garnish; Warm corn tortillas or white rice, for serving | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Bring a pot of salted water to a boil. Add the tomatoes and cook for 3 minutes. Let cool. Peel and add to a blender. Process the tomatoes, peanuts, peanut butter, and adobo sauce until smooth. Season with salt and freshly ground black pepper, to taste. Add the sauce to a medium skillet and add the chicken. Stir for 3 minutes over medium heat until warm. Transfer to a platter and sprinkle with sesame seeds and chopped cilantro. Serve with warm tortillas or white rice. <END>
INPUT: Asian, Vegetable oil, tilapia fillets, Salt, lemon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Coconut Milk Tilapia | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: Vegetable oil; 4 tilapia fillets; Salt; 1(1-inch) piece fresh ginger, peeled and grated; 1 lemon, zested and juiced; 1/2 pound snow peas; 4 small red potatoes, quartered sliced into 1/4-inch pieces; 1 cup coconut milk | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Special equipment: brown paper bags Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Soak 4 small brown paper bags in vegetable oil until saturated. Scrape off excess oil and set aside. Season the fillets with salt, grated ginger, lemon zest and juice. Top each with about 5 or 6 snow peas and 1 of the thinly sliced potatoes. Transfer each fillet into 1 of the bags and pour about 1/4 cup of the coconut milk into each bag. Fold well to seal in juices and steam. Place onto 2 rimmed baking sheets and bake until bags are puffed and fish and potatoes are tender, about 10 to 15 minutes.  <END>
INPUT: americain, unsalted butter, Spanish onion, garlic, sweet potatoes, Salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Bar Americain Sweet Potato Chowder | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1/2 medium Spanish onion, coarsely chopped; 2 cloves garlic, coarsely chopped; 2 medium sweet potatoes, roasted, peeled and pureed (with a ricer or food processor)*see Cook's Note; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1/2 cup dry white wine; 2 to 3 cups bottled or canned clam juice; 1 tablespoon unsalted butter; 1 medium sweet potato, peeled and cut into small dice; 1 teaspoon sugar; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 4 slices slab apple wood smoked bacon, cut into small dice; 1 cup dry white wine; 12 fresh littleneck clams, scrubbed; Sweet potato chowder base | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat the butter in a medium saucepan or Dutch oven over medium heat. Add the onions and garlic and cook until soft. Stir in the sweet potato puree and salt and pepper and cook until the puree is slightly thickened (you are making a sort of sweet potato roux). Increase the heat to high, add the wine and cook until completely reduced. Add the clam juice and cook for 15 to 20 minutes, stirring occasionally. If the mixture appears to be too thick, thin with a little extra clam juice or water, season with salt and pepper. Strain the mixture into a bowl and return to the pan. Heat the butter in a sm <END>
INPUT: individual, cheesecakes, pure maple syrup, whipping cream, cream cheese, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Individual Maple and Mascarpone Cheesecakes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2/3 cup (about) raw sugar*; 2 cups pure maple syrup; 1/2 cup whipping cream; 12 ounces cream cheese, room temperature; 1/3 cup sugar; 4 large eggs; 1 1/2 teaspoons vanilla extract; 1 1/2 pounds mascarpone cheese**; Fresh berries (optional); Fresh mint sprigs (optional); Raw sugar, also called turbinado or demerara sugar, is available at natural foods stores and most supermarkets; Mascarpone cheese is an Italian cream cheese sold at Italian markets and many supermarkets nationwide | INSTRUCTIONS: Butter twelve 3/4-cup custard cups. Sprinkle raw sugar in each buttered cup, turning to coat bottom and sides and tapping out excess raw sugar. Arrange prepared custard cups in large roasting pan. Bring maple syrup to boil in heavy large deep saucepan over medium-high heat. Reduce heat to medium and boil gently until maple syrup is reduced to 1 cup, stirring occasionally, about 30 minutes (syrup will bubble vigorously). Remove saucepan from heat and stir in whipping cream (mixture will bubble up high). Return saucepan to medium heat and simmer until any crystallized bits dissolve and mixture i <END>
INPUT: Mexican, pad thai lo, vegetable oil, garlic, eggs, soy sauce
OUTPUT: TITLE: Easy Pad Thai | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 8 ounces pad thai or lo mein noodles; 2 tablespoons vegetable oil; 1 clove garlic, minced; 2 large eggs; 1 1/2 tablespoons soy sauce; 2 tablespoons fresh lime juice (from about 1 medium lime); 2 tablespoons brown sugar; 1 teaspoon fish sauce; 1/8 teaspoon red pepper flakes; 3 green onions, sliced; 1/4 bunch fresh cilantro, leaves only, roughly chopped; 1/4 cup chopped, unsalted peanuts | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring a large pot of water to a rolling boil. Add the noodles and cook for 7 to 10 minutes or until tender. Drain the noodles and set aside. In a large skillet, heat the vegetable oil over medium heat. Add the garlic and cook for 1 to 2 minutes, or until tender. Whisk the eggs lightly with a fork. Pour them into the skillet and cook just until they solidify, but are still moist, moving the eggs around the skillet slightly as they cook so that they lightly scramble. When the eggs are cooked, remove the skillet from the heat and set aside. In a small bowl, stir together the soy sauce, lime juice <END>
INPUT: Mexican, tartare, tostada, Canola oil, flour tortillas, Kosher salt, avocado, lime juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tuna and Avocado Tartare Tostada | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: Canola oil, for frying; 4 flour tortillas, cut into 2-inch by 1-inch rectangles; Kosher salt; 1 ripe avocado, peeled, pitted and chopped; 3 tablespoons fresh lime juice; 2 teaspoons honey; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 12 ounces sushi grade tuna, finely diced; 2 tablespoons mustard oil; 1 tablespoon olive oil; 2 tablespoons capers, drained; 1 tablespoon chipotle pepper puree (from chipotles in adobo sauce); 3 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro leaves; 1/4 cup finely sliced green onion; 1 ripe Hass avocado, peeled, pitted, and finely diced | INSTRUCTIONS: For the tortillas: Heat the oil in a heavy, high-sided pan to 350 degrees F. Fry the tortilla pieces a few at a time until lightly golden brown and crisp. Drain on a plate lined with paper towels and season with salt. For the avocado butter: Combine all ingredients in a blender and blend until smooth. For the tartare: Combine tuna, mustard oil, olive oil, capers, chipotle, cilantro, and green onion in a large bowl. Gently fold in the avocado and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Place each of the fried tortilla pieces on a plate and spread with a small dollop of the avocado butter. Top th <END>
INPUT: spread, Napa cabbage kimchi, gochujang, Ingredient Gochujang is
OUTPUT: TITLE: Kimchi Spread | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cups Napa cabbage kimchi (a 12-ounce jar; do not drain), chopped; 2 tablespoons gochujang (Korean hot pepper paste); Ingredient info: Gochujang is available at Korean markets and online | INSTRUCTIONS: Mix kimchi and gochujang in a small bowl. DO AHEAD: Kimchi spread can be made 1 week ahead. Cover and chill. Mix kimchi and gochujang in a small bowl. DO AHEAD: Kimchi spread can be made 1 week ahead. Cover and chill. <END>
INPUT: cookies, all purpose flour, unsweetened cocoa powder, baking soda, fine sea salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Peanut Butter Cookies with Blackberry Jam | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup all-purpose flour; 1/3 cup unsweetened cocoa powder, such as Hershey's; 1/2 teaspoon baking soda; 1/8 teaspoon fine sea salt; 1 stick (1/2 cup) unsalted butter, at room temperature, cut into 1/2-inch pieces; 3/4 cup creamy peanut butter, at room temperature; 3/4 cup, plus 1/4 cup granulated sugar; 1/2 packed cup light brown sugar; 1 egg, room temperature, beaten; 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract; 1/4 cup blackberry jam | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Put an oven rack in the center of the oven. Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Line two baking sheets with parchment paper. Set aside. In a medium bowl, sieve together the flour, cocoa powder, baking soda, and salt. Set aside. In a stand mixer, fitted with the paddle attachment, beat the butter, peanut butter, 3/4 cup of the granulated sugar, and the light brown sugar together, scraping down the sides of the bowl as needed, until smooth, about 30 seconds. Add the egg and vanilla extract and mix until blended. With the machine running on low speed, gradually add t <END>
INPUT: Asian, soba noodles wheat, sesame oil, pickled ginger, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sesame-Ginger Pork with Soba Noodles | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 8 ounces soba noodles or whole-wheat spaghetti; 4 teaspoons toasted sesame oil, divided; 1 tablespoon minced pickled ginger; 1 (1 1/4-pound) pork tenderloin, cut into 1-inch chunks; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 4 scallions (green and white parts), chopped; 1 tablespoon sesame seeds; 1 cup reduced-sodium chicken broth; 1/4 cup reduced-sodium soy sauce; 1/2 cup sliced water chestnuts, drained; 1/4 cup chopped fresh cilantro leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook the soba noodles according to the package directions. Drain and transfer to a large zip-top plastic bag. Add 2 teaspoons of the oil, seal the bag, and shake to coat the noodles. Meanwhile, heat the remaining 2 teaspoons oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Add the ginger and cook, stirring, for 1 minute. Increase the heat to medium-high; add the pork, and cook, stirring, until browned on all sides, about 5 minutes total. Add the salt and pepper and stir to coat the pork. Add the scallions and sesame seeds and cook, stirring, for 1 minute. Add the broth and soy sauce reduce heat to med <END>
INPUT: Indian, hearty, soup, smoked ham hock, lentils, mushrooms, onion, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Hearty Lentil Soup with Ham | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 1 smoked ham hock; 1 pound brown or green lentils, picked over and rinsed; 3 cups sliced mushrooms; 1 large onion, chopped; 1 garlic clove, minced; 3 carrots, chopped; 3 ribs of celery, chopped; 1 teaspoon dried thyme; 1 bay leaf; 4 cups chicken broth; 8 cups water; Salt and pepper; 3 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large pot combine all of the ingredients and bring soup to a boil over moderately high heat. Reduce heat and simmer soup, partially covered, for 1 hour. Remove ham hock from soup, remove meat from bone and shred or dice ham. Stir ham into soup and continue to simmer for another 20 minutes. Taste soup and adjust seasoning with salt and pepper. Stir in parsley and serve hot. <END>
INPUT: paupiette, mousseline, crabmeat, smoked salmon, shallots, garlic, chives
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sole Paupiette with Crab and Smoked Salmon Mousseline | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 ounces crabmeat; 3 ounces smoked salmon; 1 tablespoon chopped shallots; 1 teaspoon chopped garlic; 2 tablespoons chopped chives; 1 tablespoon chopped carrots; 1 egg; 1 egg white; 3 tablespoons heavy cream; 2 (8-ounce) sole or flounder fillets; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 3 tablespoons white wine; Dill Beurre Blanc, recipe follows; 2 1/2 cups white wine; 4 peppercorns | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. In a food processor, combine the crab, salmon, shallots, garlic, chives and carrots. Once they are combined, slowly add the eggs and cream. Puree for 20 to 30 seconds, then remove from the processor and refrigerate for 20 to 30 minutes. Roll the sole fillet starting at the tail end to create a 'roulade' and either pipe the mouselline with a pastry bag, or stuff it with a spoon. Season the sole with salt and freshly ground black pepper and place it in a baking dish or a saute pan. Pour white wine in the dish and place it in the oven for 10 to 12 minutes or unt <END>
INPUT: rockefeller, Two boxes spinach, oysters, Parmesan, mayonnaise, bacon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Oysters Rockefeller | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Two 16-ounce boxes frozen spinach thawed and squeezed; 20 oysters; 1 cup Parmesan; 1 1/2 cups mayonnaise; 10 strips bacon | INSTRUCTIONS: Thaw the spinach in colander squeeze as much of the water out as possible. Mix spinach, Parmesan, and mayonnaise in a bowl until creamy. Texture should be thick, if you overdo the mayonnaise add more Parmesan. Split oysters in half and line on a cookie sheet or in a baking pan. Top each oyster with enough of the spinach mixture to cover. Cut bacon with kitchen scissors, large enough to drape over top of oyster. Bake in a preheated 350 degree F oven until bacon is crisp. Serve hot. <END>
INPUT: French, soup, onion, unsalted butter, shelled peas, low salt chicken, tarragon leaves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fresh Pea Soup with Tarragon | CUISINE: French | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 cup chopped onion; 2 teaspoons unsalted butter; 3 cups shelled fresh or frozen peas; 2 1/2 cups low-salt chicken broth; 2 teaspoons chopped fresh tarragon leaves; freshly ground white pepper to taste; 1/3 cup well-shaken buttermilk; Accompaniment if desired: toasted French bread | INSTRUCTIONS: In a saucepan cook onion in butter, covered, over moderate heat, stirring occasionally, 5 minutes, or until tender. Add peas and broth and simmer, uncovered, 5 minutes, or until peas are tender. Stir in tarragon. In a blender purée soup until smooth and pour through a coarse sieve back into pan. Heat soup over moderate heat until hot and remove pan from heat. Add white pepper and salt to taste and stir in all but 2 teaspoons buttermilk. Divide soup between 2 bowls and gently spoon half of remaining buttermilk onto each serving. In a saucepan cook onion in butter, covered, over moderate heat, s <END>
INPUT: American, blueberry, all purpose flour, granulated sugar, kosher salt, unsalted butter, vinegar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Blueberry Sambuca Pie | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 3 1/2 cups all-purpose flour, plus more for dusting; 1/4 cup granulated sugar; 1 teaspoon kosher salt; 3 sticks cold unsalted butter, diced; 1 tablespoon white vinegar; 7 cups blueberries; 1 cup light brown sugar; 3 tablespoons quick-cooking tapioca; 2 tablespoons sambuca; 1 tablespoon lemon juice; 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract; 1/4 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1/4 teaspoon kosher salt; 4 tablespoons cold unsalted butter, cut into small pieces; Vegetable oil, for oiling foil band | INSTRUCTIONS: For the crust: Pulse the flour, granulated sugar and salt in a food processor. Add a third of the butter and process until combined. Add the remaining butter and pulse until the mixture resembles coarse meal, about 3 times. Add the vinegar and pulse again twice. Gradually pour in 1/3 cup ice water, pulsing about 4 times until combined. Turn onto a clean surface and press into a cohesive dough without overworking (you should see bits of butter). Wrap the dough in plastic wrap and press into a 1-inch-thick disk. Refrigerate at least 1 hour before rolling out. For the filling: Simmer 3 cups of th <END>
INPUT: Mexican, southwestern, roll, reduced fat Monterey, no sugar added
OUTPUT: TITLE: Southwestern Turkey Salsa Roll | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 pound sliced, smoked turkey breast; 1/2 cup shredded reduced-fat Monterey jack cheese; 1 cup no-sugar added tomato salsa | INSTRUCTIONS: Sliced turkey roll stuffed with Monterey Jack cheese can be topped with salsa and is a breakfast that can be made ahead and warmed in 1 minute in a microwave oven before eating. Place turkey slices on a counter or plate and sprinkle each slice with cheese. Roll up slices and divide between 2 plates. Microwave each plate on high for 1 minute or until the cheese melts. If not using a microwave oven, place turkey rolls in a toaster oven or on a foil-lined tray under a broiler for 1 minute. Remove plates from microwave and spoon salsa over the top. <END>
INPUT: dressing, Stilton cheese, mayonnaise, heavy cream, tarragon vinegar, kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Stilton Dressing | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 ounces Stilton cheese, chopped; 1 cup mayonnaise; 1 cup heavy cream; 2 tablespoons tarragon vinegar; 1 teaspoon kosher salt; 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 1 head iceberg lettuce, cut in 6 wedges | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Place the cheese, mayonnaise, heavy cream, vinegar, salt and pepper in the bowl of a food processor fitted with a steel blade and process until smooth. Place a wedge of lettuce on each serving plate. Pour enough dressing over the lettuce to moisten. Serve immediately. <END>
INPUT: Asian, broccoli, piece ginger, soy sauce, rice wine vinegar, sesame oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Steamed Broccoli with Ginger | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1 bunch of broccoli, cut in florets, stalks peeled and cut into 1-inch pieces; 2-inch piece of fresh ginger, peeled; 2 teaspoons soy sauce; 1 teaspoon rice wine vinegar; 1 teaspoon toasted sesame oil; 1 scallion, sliced thinly on bias; 1 red pepper, diced; Toasted sesame seeds for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: In a steamer place the stems on the bottom, slice 3 thin slices of ginger, place over stems and top with broccoli florets. Steam broccoli for 5 minutes. Grate the rest of the ginger, there should be about 2 teaspoons. Mix the ginger with soy, vinegar, and sesame oil, and toss with broccoli (remove the ginger slices before serving). Arrange on platter, top with red pepper, scallions and sesame seeds TIP: LOOKS LIKE BROCCOLI.... BROCCOLI RABE Trim off the bottom, tough stems of the broccoli rabe, wash well. Slice stems into 1/2-inch pieces and saute with whole peeled garlic cloves in olive oil.  <END>
INPUT: Mexican, lime zest, mint, chipotle chile powder, granulated garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Corn on the Cob with Chile-Mint Butter | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 stick (8 tablespoons) unsalted butter, softened; 2 teaspoons finely grated lime zest; 2 teaspoons chopped fresh mint; 1 teaspoon chipotle chile powder; 1 teaspoon granulated garlic; 1 teaspoon sweet paprika; Kosher salt; 4 cups milk; 2 teaspoons sugar, optional; 4 ears corn in the husk | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. Combine the butter with the lime zest, mint, chile powder, garlic, paprika and 1/2 teaspoon salt in a bowl until mixed evenly. Spoon the butter onto the long side of an 8-inch-square piece of plastic wrap, leaving a bit of space at the edge and on the ends. Cover with the extra plastic and roll up into a log, twisting the ends as you go. Refrigerate until ready to serve. Keep in the refrigerator for up to a week, or in the freezer for 2 months. 2. Pour the milk and 4 cups water into a Dutch oven and add the sugar if desired. Bring to a simmer over medium-high heat. 3. Peel back the husks of <END>
INPUT: cheesecake, graham cracker crumbs, pecans, light sugar, granulated sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Bourbon Pumpkin Cheesecake | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 cup graham cracker crumbs (from five 4 3/4- by 2 1/4-inch crackers); 1/2 cup pecans (1 3/4 ounces), finely chopped; 1/4 cup packed light brown sugar; 1/4 cup granulated sugar; 1/2 stick (1/4 cup) unsalted butter, melted and cooled; 1 1/2 cups canned solid-pack pumpkin; 3 large eggs; 1/2 cup packed light brown sugar; 2 tablespoons heavy cream; 1 teaspoon vanilla; 1 tablespoon bourbon liqueur or bourbon (optional); 1/2 cup granulated sugar; 1 tablespoon cornstarch; 1 1/2 teaspoons cinnamon; 1/2 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg | INSTRUCTIONS: Make crust: Invert bottom of a 9-inch springform pan (to create flat bottom, which will make it easier to remove cake from pan), then lock on side and butter pan. Stir together crumbs, pecans, sugars, and butter in a bowl until combined well. Press crumb mixture evenly onto bottom and 1/2 inch up side of pan, then chill crust, 1 hour. Invert bottom of a 9-inch springform pan (to create flat bottom, which will make it easier to remove cake from pan), then lock on side and butter pan. Stir together crumbs, pecans, sugars, and butter in a bowl until combined well. Press crumb mixture evenly onto  <END>
INPUT: Mexican, soup, vegetable oil, onion, garlic, chipotle adobo sauce, chili powder
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tortilla Soup | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons vegetable oil; 1 medium onion, chopped; 2 cloves garlic, sliced; 1 chipotle in adobo sauce, minced; 1 tablespoon chili powder; 2 teaspoons kosher salt; 6 cups chicken broth, low-sodium canned; 1 cup corn kernels, fresh or frozen and thawed; 1 ripe tomato, chopped; 1 cup shredded cooked chicken; 1/2 cup cilantro leaves; 1/4 cup freshly squeezed lime juice (about 2 limes); About a dozen corn tortilla chips, broken a bit; Lime wedges, optional | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat the oil in a medium saucepan over medium heat. Add the onion, garlic, chipotle, chili powder, and salt and cook until the onion softens, about 5 minutes. Add the chicken broth, bring to a boil, reduce the heat slightly, and simmer, uncovered, for 10 minutes. Add the corn and cook for 5 minutes more. Pull the saucepan from the heat and stir in the tomato, chicken, cilantro, and lime juice. Divide the tortilla chips among 4 warmed bowls, ladle the soup on top, and serve with lime wedges, if desired. Know-How Get every last drop of juice from those little limes. Before halving, microwave the <END>
INPUT: American, comte, milk, low salt chicken, bay leaf, polenta
OUTPUT: TITLE: Wild Mushroom Ragoût on Crispy Polenta with Comte Cheese | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups whole milk; 2 cups low-salt chicken broth; 1 bay leaf; 1 cup polenta (coarse cornmeal)*; 1/2 cup (packed) coarsely grated Comté cheese; 2 tablespoons (1/4 stick) butter; 3 tablespoons butter, divided; 4 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, divided; 1 1/2 pounds assorted wild mushrooms (such as oyster, crimini, and stemmed shiitake), thickly sliced; 1/4 cup finely chopped shallots; 2 teaspoons balsamic vinegar; 1/4 cup low-salt chicken broth; 1/3 cup crème fraîche or whipping cream; 1/3 cup chopped fresh parsley, divided; 1/3 cup (packed) coarsely grated Comté cheese | INSTRUCTIONS: For polenta: Generously butter 13x9x1- inch baking sheet. Bring milk, broth, and bay leaf to simmer in heavy medium saucepan. Remove saucepan from heat; cover and let steep 20 minutes to allow flavors to develop. Discard bay leaf. Bring liquid to boil. Gradually add polenta, whisking constantly until smooth. Reduce heat to medium-low and cook until polenta is very thick, stirring frequently, about 10 minutes. Stir in Comté cheese and butter. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Transfer polenta to prepared 13x9x1-inch baking sheet. Using wet hands, press polenta evenly over sheet to edges. Ch <END>
INPUT: ribbons, Savoy cabbage, butter, Kosher salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Savoy Cabbage Ribbons | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 Savoy cabbage; 1/4 cup or 4 tablespoons butter; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Core and shred the cabbage. Heat the butter in a large pot or saute pan. Add the cabbage, and season with salt, and pepper. Cook the cabbage, tossing, until the ribbons of cabbage soften and shrink down somewhat, about 7 minutes. Transfer the cabbage to a warm serving bowl. <END>
INPUT: Italian, ravioli, eggs, milk, breadcrumbs, parsley
OUTPUT: TITLE: Toasted Ravioli | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 to 1 pound small fresh ravioli (meat and/or cheese); 3 large eggs, beaten; 1 1/2 cups milk; 2 cups breadcrumbs; 3 tablespoons finely chopped fresh parsley; 1 teaspoon finely chopped fresh rosemary; Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper; Vegetable oil, for frying; 1/2 cup grated parmesan cheese; Marinara sauce, for dipping | INSTRUCTIONS: Spread the ravioli on a baking sheet and freeze until hard, 20 to 30 minutes. Whisk the eggs and milk in a shallow dish or pie plate. Mix the breadcrumbs, parsley, rosemary and 1/2 teaspoon each salt and pepper in another shallow dish. Dip the ravioli in the egg mixture, letting the excess drip off, then coat with the breadcrumb mixture. Return to the baking sheet and freeze until hard, about 15 minutes. Heat about 1 inch vegetable oil in a deep skillet until a deep-fry thermometer registers 350 degrees F. Fry the ravioli in 2 or 3 batches, turning as needed, until golden brown, 4 to 6 minutes <END>
INPUT: thompson, turkey, Oil taste, Salt, pepper taste, Giblets
OUTPUT: TITLE: Thompson's Turkey | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 18 to 22 pound turkey, giblets and fat removed and reserved, rinsed and patted dry; Oil to taste; Salt; Freshly ground black pepper to taste; Giblets (neck, liver and heart); 4 cups water; 1 bay leaf; 1 teaspoon paprika; 1/2 teaspoon ground coriander; 1 clove garlic; Salt to taste; 1 apple, peeled, cored and diced; 1 orange, peeled and diced; 20-ounce can crushed pineapple; Grated rind of 1/2 lemon | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 500 degrees F. or as high as it will go -- for at least 1 hour. Chop fine the reserved turkey fat. In a small saucepan set over moderate heat combine the reserved fat with 1/2 cup of the water, bring to a boil and simmer until all the water has evaporated and only clear fat and small pieces of solid remain. Reserve fat for stuffing. Season the inside of the turkey with salt and pepper. Rub the skin all over with the oil and season with salt and pepper. Make the gravy: In a saucepan set over moderate heat combine ingredients for the gravy, bring to a boil and simmer while prepar <END>
INPUT: lamb, panini, packet active yeast, water, olive oil, sugar, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lamb Panini with Bourbon Raisin Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 packet active dry yeast; 1 1/4 cups warm water; 4 tablespoons olive oil; 1 tablespoon sugar; 1 1/2 tablespoons salt; 3 1/2 cups all-purpose flour; Grated Parmesan and olive oil, to taste, for adorning the top of the bread; 6 ounces bourbon; 4 ounces cream cheese (room temperature or warmer); 1 cup red raisins; 2 tablespoons maple syrup; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/2 teaspoon allspice; 4 ounces heavy whipping cream; 8 tablespoons butter, divided | INSTRUCTIONS: In a bowl, combine the yeast and water. Let sit for a couple of minutes until the yeast is foamy. Add the olive oil and sugar and mix well. Combine the salt and flour and add a cup at a time to the wet mixture. Turn onto a lightly floured board or counter and knead repeatedly for about 4 to 5 minutes. Put in a greased bowl, cover with a towel, and let rise for about 1 hour or until it has doubled in size. Punch down and let it rise for another 30 minutes. Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. Punch down and separate into 2 portions. Roll each section of dough out into a rectangular shape about 1/2-in <END>
INPUT: five, herb, milk, sugar, cornstarch, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Five-Herb Ice Milk | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 2/3 cups whole milk; 1 cup sugar; 2 tablespoons cornstarch; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 2 (3- to 4-inch) fresh lemon balm sprigs; 2 (3- to 4-inch) fresh basil sprigs; 2 (3- to 4-inch) fresh tarragon sprigs; 2 (3- to 4-inch) fresh mint sprigs; 2 (3- to 4-inch) fresh lavender sprigs; 4 large egg yolks; Special equipment: a candy or instant-read thermometer; an ice cream maker; ice cream maker | INSTRUCTIONS: Whisk together milk, sugar, cornstarch, and salt in a 2- to 3-quart heavy saucepan. Add herb sprigs and bring to a boil, whisking constantly. Gently boil, whisking constantly, 1 minute. Lightly beat yolks in a large bowl. Pour hot milk mixture through a sieve into a large glass measure, pressing gently on sprigs before discarding, then gradually add to yolks, whisking until combined. Cook mixture in saucepan over moderately low heat, stirring constantly with a wooden spoon, until thick enough to coat back of spoon and registers 170 to 175°F on thermometer, 3 to 5 minutes (do not let boil). Pou <END>
INPUT: stock, chicken necks backs, onion, carrot, celery, Herb bouquet parsley
OUTPUT: TITLE: Homemade Chicken Stock | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 pounds chicken necks or backs, skin and fat removed; 1 onion, roughly chopped; 1 carrot, roughly chopped; 1 celery stalk, roughly chopped; Herb bouquet of parsley, bay leaf and thyme, tied in cheesecloth; 4 quarts water | INSTRUCTIONS: Put vegetables and bouquet garni on bottom of a 10 quart stock-pot and chicken parts on top. Add water, just enough to cover chicken and slowly bring to a simmer. Turn heat down to keep broth at a slow simmer and cook for 3 hours, skimming off froth and fat that surfaces in the first 30 minutes. Also be sure to replace evaporated water. Strain stock into a clean saucepot. Cool uncovered and refrigerate. The next day, spoon off any discarded congealed fat from surface. <END>
INPUT: pancakes, Fiber Complete pancake, water, mashed banana, walnuts, banana
OUTPUT: TITLE: Banana-Walnut Pancakes with Caramel Topping | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups Fiber One Complete pancake mix (from 28.3-oz box); 1 1/3 cups cold water; 2 cups mashed ripe banana; 2 tablespoons chopped walnuts; 1 firm ripe banana, sliced; 2 teaspoons chopped walnuts; 4 cups fat-free caramel topping | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat skillet or griddle over medium-high heat or to 375degreesF. Grease with vegetable oil or shortening. In medium bowl, stir pancake mix and water with fork or wire whisk until smooth (batter will be thin). Stir in mashed banana and 2 tablespoons walnuts. For each pancake, pour slightly less than 1/4 cup batter into hot greased skillet. Cook until bubbles break on surface and edges just begin to dry. Turn; cook about 1 minute or until bottoms are golden brown. Serve pancakes topped with sliced banana, 2 teaspoons walnuts and the caramel topping. <END>
INPUT: drumsticks, chicken wings, lemon juice, all purpose flour, salt, paprika
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spicy Fried Chicken Wing "Drumsticks" | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 pounds chicken wings; 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 1 cup all-purpose flour; 2 teaspoons salt; 2 teaspoons paprika; 1 1/2 teaspoons ground cumin; 1 1/2 teaspoons pepper; 3/4 teaspoon dried thyme; 1 cup beer (not dark); 1 tablespoon vegetable oil; Vegetable oil for deep-frying; Parsley sprigs for garnish; Apricot Mustard Sauce (see below); Blue Cheese Dressing (see below); 1/2 cup apricot preserves | INSTRUCTIONS: Cut off the wing tips. Halve wings at joint. Separate the "drumstick," or first-joint, pieces (the thick ones) from the second-joint pieces. Beginning at the narrower end of each "drumstick," with a sharp knife cut the tendons and, holding the exposed end of the bone with a kitchen towel, scrape the skin and meat down the bone as far as possible toward the thicker end to make a plump drumstick shape. Cut through the cartilage at one end of each second-joint piece, separating the bones, scrape the skin and meat down the larger bone to make a plump drumstick shape, and pull out and discard the s <END>
INPUT: bites, baby potatoes, Kosher salt, canola oil, rosemary leaves, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Crispy Baby Potato Bites with Sour Cream and Bacon | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 pounds baby potatoes; Kosher salt; 1/4 cup canola oil; 2 tablespoons chopped rosemary leaves; Freshly ground black pepper; 8 strips bacon; 1 cup sour cream; 1 tablespoon spicy brown mustard; 2 tablespoons chopped chives, divided | INSTRUCTIONS: Put the potatoes into a large pot and cover with cold water. Bring to a boil over medium heat and add a generous pinch of salt. Cook for 8 minutes so they are tender but still slightly firm. Strain and let them cool. When they are cool, cut them in half and carefully scoop out the insides using a teaspoon or melon baller to form a cup. (Reserve the scooped out insides for Round 2 Recipe Shrimp and Potato Salad with Sour Cream and Bacon Dressing). Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Put the potato cups into a large bowl, add the oil, rosemary and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Carefully  <END>
INPUT: American, buffalo, Kosher salt pepper, elbow macaroni, unsalted butter, onion, celery
OUTPUT: TITLE: Buffalo Mac 'n' Cheese | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 pound elbow macaroni; 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, plus more for the casserole dish; 1 yellow onion, chopped; 2 stalks celery, chopped; 2 tablespoons all-purpose flour; 3 1/2 cups half-and-half; 4 cups shredded Cheddar; 2 cups shredded Monterey Jack cheese; 1/2 cup crumbled blue cheese; 1 1/3 cups hot sauce; 1 cup panko breadcrumbs; 2 scallions, sliced on the bias | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Cook the macaroni until al dente, about 7 minutes; strain and set aside. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Butter a large oval casserole dish. Cook 2 tablespoons of the butter, the onions, celery and a pinch of salt in a large saute pan over medium heat until the onions and celery are soft but not brown, about 7 minutes. Melt 2 tablespoons of the butter in a large straight-sided skillet over medium heat. Sprinkle the flour over the butter and cook for 1 minute. Whisk in the half-and-half, bring to a boil and cook for 2 minutes. Remove the skillet f <END>
INPUT: pudding, bread, currants, raisins, cinnamon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Bread and Butter Pudding | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 8 tablespoons (1 stick) unsalted butter, room temperature; 14 white bread slices (about 13 ounces), crusts trimmed; 1/2 cup dried currants; 1/2 cup raisins; 1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 6 large eggs; 3 cups milk; 1 cup whipping cream; 1/2 cup sugar; Pinch of freshly grated nutmeg | INSTRUCTIONS: Rub 2 tablespoons butter over bottom and sides of 13x9x2-inch glass baking dish. Spread remaining 6 tablespoons butter over both sides of bread slices. Fit enough bread slices in bottom of prepared dish to cover, trimming bread if necessary. Toss currants, raisins and cinnamon in small bowl. Sprinkle half of raisin mixture over bread in dish. Cover with another layer of bread slices, trimming to fit. Sprinkle remaining raisin mixture over. In medium bowl, whisk eggs, milk, cream, sugar and nutmeg to blend. Pour mixture evenly over bread. Let stand 30 minutes, occasionally pressing down with me <END>
INPUT: lacquered, honey, lemon, Worcestershire sauce, hot smoked paprika, Two chickens
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lacquered Chicken | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup honey; 1 lemon, halved and juiced, juiced halves reserved; 2 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce; 1 tablespoon hot smoked paprika; Two 3-pound chickens; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 4 large sprigs rosemary; 1 head garlic, halved | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F. Combine the honey, lemon juice, Worcestershire sauce and paprika in a small bowl. Set half of the mixture aside. Season the interior cavities of the chickens with some salt and pepper, and stuff each with 1 juiced lemon half, 2 sprigs of rosemary and half a head of garlic. Put the chickens on a rimmed baking sheet or roasting pan, brush them with half of the honey mixture and roast for 30 minutes. Remove the chickens from the oven and reduce the temperature to 325º degrees F. Brush the chickens with most of the remaining honey mixture and return them to the o <END>
INPUT: crusted, cutlets, Olive oil brushing, Salt pepper taste, French's Dijon mustard, mayonnaise
OUTPUT: TITLE: Whole Wheat-Crusted Chicken Breast Cutlets | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Olive oil for brushing; 4 (6-ounce) boneless, skinless chicken-breast halves (if they weigh more than 6 ounces, halve and reduce cooking time by 5 minutes); Salt and freshly ground black pepper to taste; 2 tablespoons French's or Dijon mustard; 2 tablespoons mayonnaise; 1 1/2 cups store-bought or homemade whole-wheat bread crumbs | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. Preheat oven to 350°F. Line a baking sheet with aluminum foil and brush the foil lightly with the olive oil. Pat the chicken breasts dry with a paper towel and season them generously with the salt and pepper. 2. In a small bowl, blend together the mustard and mayonnaise. Coat the top of each chicken breast evenly with about 1 tablespoon of the mixture. 3. Spread the bread crumbs on a shallow plate. Roll the chicken breasts in them gently, pressing down firmly to coat them evenly. 4. Transfer the chicken to the foil-lined baking sheet and bake until cooked through, 12 to 14 minutes. Adjust o <END>
INPUT: roast, garlic, rosemary leaves, kosher salt more, olive oil, pork loin
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roast Pork Loin With Rosemary and Garlic | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 8 garlic cloves; 1/4 cup fresh rosemary leaves; 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt plus more; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1 4-pound boneless pork loin; Freshly ground black pepper; 2 cups dry white wine | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 400°. Finely chop garlic and rosemary with 1/2 teaspoon salt on a cutting board. Holding knife at an angle, drag blade over mixture until a coarse paste forms. Transfer paste to a small bowl and mix in oil. Place pork, fat side down, on another cutting board with a short end toward you. Holding a sharp knife parallel to board and about 1/2" up side of loin, make an incision along entire length of one side. Continue cutting, lifting meat with your free hand as you go, until loin is open and flat. Spread garlic mixture over inside of loin and season with salt and pepper. Roll por <END>
INPUT: lamb stew meat, olive oil, garlic, rosemary rosemary, wine
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lamb with Peas and Tomatoes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 pounds lamb stew meat, cut into 1 1/2-inch pieces; 3 tablespoons olive oil; 6 large garlic cloves, flattened; 2 fresh rosemary sprigs or 2 teaspoons dried rosemary; 3/4 cup dry white wine; 1 28-ounce can Italian-style tomatoes, drained, crushed; 1 10-ounce package frozen petit peas; Cooked rice | INSTRUCTIONS: Season lamb pieces with salt and pepper. Heat 3 tablespoons olive oil in heavy large pot or Dutch oven over high heat. Working in batches, add lamb to pot and sauté until brown, about 4 minutes per batch. Return all lamb and any collected juices to pot. Mix in garlic cloves and rosemary. Add white wine and boil until reduced by 2/3, scraping up browned bits, about 8 minutes. Add Italian-style tomatoes and bring to boil. Cover; reduce heat to medium-low and simmer until lamb pieces are tender, about 1 hour 15 minutes. Add peas and simmer uncovered until cooked through, about 10 minutes. Serve w <END>
INPUT: brasciola, veal cutlet fillets, farmer's cheese goat, golden raisins, pine nuts, calamata olives
OUTPUT: TITLE: Stuffed Veal Brasciola with Spaetzle and Frizzled Beets and Carrots | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 veal cutlet fillets; 8 ounces farmer's cheese or goat cheese; 1/4 pound golden raisins; 1/4 pound pine nuts, toasted; 1/4 pound calamata olives, pitted, chopped; Extra-virgin olive oil, for sauteing; Spaetzle, recipe follows; Frizzled Beets and Carrots, recipe follows; 2 cups all-purpose flour; 4 eggs; 1/2 cup milk; 1 tablespoon fresh rosemary leaves, chopped; Chicken stock, for boiling spaetzle; 1 teaspoon lemon zest; 4 tablespoons (1/2 stick) unsalted butter | INSTRUCTIONS: Pound the veal cutlets until they are thin enough to roll. Divide the farmer's cheese between the 3 veal cutlets and spread a thin layer on top of each piece of meat. Add the raisins, pine nuts and an olive tappanade on top of the cheese, then roll each cutlet into a log. Tie each log with butcher's twine, and then set aside. Heat olive oil in a medium sized pan and saute the veal logs over medium heat until they are cooked throughout and browned on all sides. Serve with Spaetzle and Frizzled Beets and Carrots. Place the spaetzle in a mound on the center of the plate. Halve the stuffed veal lo <END>
INPUT: rendered bacon fat, onions, celery, eyed peas, smoked pork jowls
OUTPUT: TITLE: Black-Eyed Peas | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup rendered bacon fat; 2 small onions, diced; 1 stalk celery, diced; 1 pound dried black-eyed peas; 1 pound smoked pork jowls; 2 bay leaves; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; Hot sauce, such as Tabasco, as needed; Cooked rice, for serving | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat a large, heavy-bottomed soup pot over medium heat. Add the bacon fat and sweat the onions and celery in the bacon fat until the onions are translucent, about 5 minutes. Add the black-eyed peas and pork jowls and cover with 2 inches of water. Add the bay leaves, bring to a boil, reduce to a simmer and cover the pot. Simmer the peas until tender, about 2 hours, adding more water if need be to make sure the peas are covered by 2 inches of liquid while cooking. Season with salt, pepper and hot sauce to taste. Serve over rice. <END>
INPUT: American, glaze, peaches, vegetable oil, sweet wine, granulated sugar, cake
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Pound Cake with Cream Cheese Glaze and Grilled Peaches | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 peaches, ripe but firm, halved; 1 tablespoon vegetable oil; 3 tablespoons sweet white wine, such as marsala wine; 1 tablespoon granulated sugar; 1/2 store-bought pound cake, sliced into 2-inch slices; 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted; 4 ounces cream cheese, at room temperature; 1/4 cup powdered sugar; 1 tablespoon orange zest; 2 tablespoons fresh orange juice | INSTRUCTIONS: For the grilled peaches: Prepare the grill to high heat. Lightly brush the cut sides of the peaches with the oil. Grill the peaches, cut-side down, until grill marks appear, about 3 minutes on each side. Boil the wine and granulated sugar in a small saucepan. Transfer the peaches to a small dish and spoon the wine mixture over the peaches. Set aside, about 15 minutes. For the grilled pound cake: Preheat the grill to high heat. Lightly brush each slice of the cake with the butter on both sides. Place the cake on the grill and cook, about 2 minutes each side. Rotate each cake slice a quarter tur <END>
INPUT: slaw, low fat plain, olive oil, lemon juice, mint, cilantro
OUTPUT: TITLE: Beet and Apple Quick Slaw | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup low fat plain yogurt; 1 tablespoon olive oil; 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 1/4 cup roughly chopped fresh mint; 1/4 cup roughly chopped fresh cilantro; Coarse salt to taste; 1 pound beets, about two large, trimmed and peeled; 1 large apple, peeled and cored | INSTRUCTIONS: In the bowl you'll serve the salad in, whisk together yogurt, olive oil, lemon juice, mint and cilantro. Stir until combined, season to taste with salt. Set aside in refrigerator. Using a V-slicer or the largest holes on a box grater, julienne the beets and apples. Add to bowl with dressing, toss to coat. Serve immediately. <END>
INPUT: salad, lobster meat, good mayonnaise, celery, capers, dill
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lobster Salad in Endive | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 pound fresh cooked lobster meat, small-diced; 1/2 cup good mayonnaise; 1/2 cup small-diced celery (1 stalk); 1 tablespoon capers, drained; 1 1/2 tablespoons minced fresh dill; Pinch kosher salt; Pinch freshly ground black pepper; 4 heads Belgian endive | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine the lobster, mayonnaise, celery, capers, dill, salt, and pepper. With a sharp knife, cut off the base of the endive and separate the leaves. Use a teaspoon to fill the end of each endive leaf with lobster salad. Arrange on a platter and serve. <END>
INPUT: Italian, vongole, kosher coarse sea, linguine, virgin olive oil, garlic, New Zealand cockles
OUTPUT: TITLE: Linguine With Clams (Linguine Con le Vongole) | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons kosher or coarse sea salt; 1 pound linguine; 12 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 4 cloves garlic, thinly sliced; 1 pound New Zealand cockles or 24 Manila or littleneck clams, scrubbed; 1 tablespoon plus 1 teaspoon red pepper flakes; 1 cup dry white wine; 1 (14-ounce) can whole San Marzano tomatoes in juice, juice reserved and tomatoes coarsely chopped; 1/2 cup plus 2 tablespoons fresh flat-leaf parsley, coarsely chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: In large pot over moderately high heat, combine 8 quarts of water to boil and salt. Bring to boil, then add linguine and cook to 1 minute short of al dente according to package directions (pasta should still be quite firm). Meanwhile, in large sauté pan over moderately high heat, heat 6 tablespoons extra- olive oil until hot but not smoking. Add garlic and sauté until just golden, about 30 seconds. Add clams and 1 tablespoon red pepper flakes and sauté 1 minute. Add wine, tomatoes and juice, and 1/2 cup parsley and simmer, uncovered, just until clams open, 7 to 8 minutes. Reserve 1/2 cup cooki <END>
INPUT: Mexican, caramel, sauce, flour tortillas use, butter, light sugar, honey, Vanilla ice cream
OUTPUT: TITLE: Crispy Tortillas with Caramel Honey Sauce and Vanilla Ice Cream | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 package of 6-inch flour tortillas or can use remainder from Quesadilla recipe; 4 tablespoons butter; 1/4 cup light brown sugar; 1/4 cup honey; Vanilla ice cream; Granulated sugar for sprinkling; Mint leaves for garnish; Confectioners sugar for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Cut tortillas into thin triangles not equilateral, more like a spike shape. In a deep pot, bring oil up to 350 degrees F and add tortillas and fry until golden brown. Remove with spider, place on a towel and sprinkle with granulated sugar. In a saucepan add butter and whisk in brown sugar: do not boil. Add honey and continue stirring for approximately 4 to 5 minutes. Scoop ice cream onto serving plates, spike with tortillas and spoon sauce on top. Garnish with mint and confectioners sugar <END>
INPUT: American, garlic, peppercorns, coriander, lemongrass, Thai chiles
OUTPUT: TITLE: Thai BBQ Chicken | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 10 cloves garlic, minced; 1 tablespoon black peppercorns; 1 tablespoon coriander; 1 stalk lemongrass, trimmed and cut into small segments; 2 red or green Thai chiles; 1/2 fresh chicken, quartered; 2 tablespoons fish sauce; 2 tablespoons yellow curry powder; 1/2 can coconut milk; 2 tablespoons brown sugar; Dipping Sauce, recipe follows; 1/2 cup rice vinegar; 1/3 cup brown sugar; 2 large garlic cloves or 4 small, minced; 2 teaspoons Thai red chili sauce or Sriracha | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat a grill to medium. Using a mortar and pestle, crush garlic cloves, peppercorns, coriander, lemongrass, and Thai chiles into a chuncky paste. Using a large spoon, transfer the paste to a large mixing bowl. Add the chicken and the remaining ingredients and mix well. Cover and refrigerate for at least 2 hours or up to overnight. Put the chicken on the grill, skin side down, and brush with the marinade. Grill for about 15 minutes then flip the chicken over and brush with the marinade. Grill the second side for about 15 minutes. Discard the marinade. When the chicken is cooked and tender trans <END>
INPUT: macchiato, shots espresso, heavy cream, chocolate liqueur, Whipped cream, Cocoa powder
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate Macchiato | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 shots espresso (or 1 1/3 cups regular coffee); 1 cup heavy cream; 1 cup chocolate liqueur; Whipped cream, recipe follows; Cocoa powder, for sprinkling; 1/2 pint heavy cream, chilled; 1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract; 1 tablespoons powdered sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Pour each shot of espresso into a mug. To each mug, add 1/4 cup of the heavy cream and 1/4 cup of the chocolate liqueur. Top each mug with a dollop of whipped cream and a sprinkling of cocoa powder.; Using an electric mixer, whip the cream in a large bowl until soft peaks form. Add the vanilla and the sugar and continue to beat until it reaches the consistency of whipped cream. <END>
INPUT: American, olive vegetable oil, onion, chicken breast halves, all purpose flour, thyme
OUTPUT: TITLE: Easy Chicken Pot Pie | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 teaspoons olive or vegetable oil; 1 cup chopped onion; 4 boneless chicken breast halves cut into 1 to 2-inch cubes, about 4 cups; 2 tablespoons all-purpose flour; Pinch dried thyme; 1 teaspoon kosher salt; 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 1/4 teaspoon paprika; 2 carrots, peeled and chopped; 2 celery stalks, chopped; 4 medium red potatoes, cut into 1-inch cubes; 1 (14 1/2-ounce) can crushed tomatoes; 1 cup reduced-sodium chicken broth; 1/4 cup dry white wine; 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 425 degrees F. Heat oil in a large Dutch oven or oven-proof stockpot over medium heat. Add onion and saute for 2 minutes. Add chicken and saute for 5 to 7 minutes, until browned on all sides. Remove 1/2 the cooked chicken for later in the week, cover and refrigerate. In a small bowl, combine flour, thyme, salt, pepper, and paprika. Add flour mixture to the chicken and stir to coat. Stir in carrots, celery, potatoes, tomatoes, chicken broth, wine, and Dijon mustard and mix well. Bring mixture to a boil. Cook until vegetables are tender. Transfer stew to a clean 2-quart casserole <END>
INPUT: Mexican, crust, salsa, mangoes, beans, corn kernels, onion, cilantro
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken Breasts with Cornmeal-Coriander Crust and Black Bean-Mango Salsa | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups 1/2-inch pieces peeled pitted mangoes; 1 15- to 16-ounce can black beans, drained, rinsed; 3/4 cup fresh white corn kernels; 3/4 cup finely chopped red onion; 1/2 cup chopped fresh cilantro; 3 tablespoons fresh lime juice; 1 teaspoon chili oil*; 1 teaspoon sugar; 1/3 cup yellow cornmeal; 1 tablespoon ground coriander; 8 5-ounce skinless boneless chicken breasts, excess fat trimmed; Nonstick vegetable oil spray; *Available at Asian markets and in the Asian foods section of some supermarkets | INSTRUCTIONS: Place first 8 ingredients in large bowl. Toss to combine. Season salsa with salt and pepper. Cover; let stand 1 hour. Preheat oven to 250°F. Mix cornmeal and coriander in shallow bowl. Sprinkle chicken with salt and pepper. Generously spray large nonstick skillet with nonstick spray. Place skillet over medium-high heat. Coat 1 side of each chicken breast with cornmeal mixture. Place 4 chicken breasts, cornmeal side down, in skillet; cook until golden on bottom, about 5 minutes. Reduce heat to medium-low. Turn chicken over. Cook chicken until cooked through, about 5 minutes longer. Transfer chi <END>
INPUT: blueberry, crostata, flour, sugar, salt, unsalted butter, water
OUTPUT: TITLE: Nectarine Plum and Blueberry Crostata | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup flour; 2 tablespoons sugar; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 1/4 pound unsalted butter, cold; 2 tablespoons cold water; 1/4 cup flour; 5 cups nectarines and plums seeded and sliced; 1 pint blueberries; 1 cup sugar; Confectioners' sugar, for dusting; Creme fraiche, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Mix flour, sugar and salt in a mixing bowl. Work butter into flour mixture with hands or a pastry blender until it resembles coarse meal. Add enough cold water to bring dough together into a ball, handling dough as little as possible. Wrap dough ball in plastic wrap. Chill at least 30 minutes. Preheat oven to 425 degrees F. Roll the dough into a free form circle, approximately 14-inches in diameter. Place on baking sheet lined with parchment paper. Sprinkle center of dough with 1/4 cup of flour. Toss nectarines, plums and blueberries with 1 cup of sugar. Spread mixture in center of dough to wi <END>
INPUT: stewed, scallions, jalapeño, bell pepper, unsalted butter, tomatoes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Stewed Corn and Tomatoes with Okra | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 scallions, chopped; 1 fresh jalapeño, finely chopped, with seeds; 1 large green bell pepper, coarsely chopped; 3 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1 pound tomatoes, coarsely chopped; 3 cups corn (from 5 to 6 ears); 1/2 pound small fresh okra, trimmed, keeping stem end intact | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook scallions, jalapeño, bell pepper, and 1/2 teaspoon salt in butter in a 12-inch heavy skillet over medium heat, stirring occasionally, until scallions begin to brown, 7 to 9 minutes. Stir in tomatoes and cook, stirring occasionally, until broken down into a sauce, about 15 minutes. Add corn and okra and cook, stirring occasionally, until just tender, about 15 minutes. Cook scallions, jalapeño, bell pepper, and 1/2 teaspoon salt in butter in a 12-inch heavy skillet over medium heat, stirring occasionally, until scallions begin to brown, 7 to 9 minutes. Stir in tomatoes and cook, stirring oc <END>
INPUT: grasshopper, milk, granulated sugar, cornstarch, peppermint extract, egg
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grasshopper Cake | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cups whole milk; 1/2 cup granulated sugar; 3 tablespoons cornstarch; 3/4 teaspoon peppermint extract; 1 large egg, plus 1 egg yolk; 3 ounces white chocolate, finely chopped; 1 to 2 drops green food coloring; 3 tablespoons mini chocolate chips, plus more for topping; 1 1/2 cups cold heavy cream; 1 tablespoon confectioners' sugar; 1/8 teaspoon peppermint extract; Basic Chocolate Cake, recipe follows, baked and cooled; Cooking spray; 1 cup unsweetened cocoa powder (natural or Dutch process); 2 1/2 cups all-purpose flour | INSTRUCTIONS: Make the filling: Bring the milk to a simmer in a medium saucepan over medium heat. Whisk the granulated sugar, cornstarch, peppermint extract, egg and egg yolk in a medium heatproof bowl until smooth. Gradually whisk half of the hot milk into the sugar mixture, then return to the pan with the remaining milk. Reduce the heat to medium low and cook, whisking constantly, until the mixture boils and thickens, 2 to 3 minutes. Transfer to a bowl (strain through a fine-mesh sieve if it looks lumpy), then stir in the white chocolate and green food coloring until the chocolate melts. Press plastic wra <END>
INPUT: American, eddie, jackson, canola oil, wine vinegar, garlic, Dijon mustard, oregano
OUTPUT: TITLE: Eddie Jackson's Flank Steak | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup canola oil, plus more for oiling the grill grates; 1/4 cup red wine vinegar; 1 teaspoon chopped garlic; 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard; 1 teaspoon chopped fresh oregano; 1 teaspoon chopped fresh parsley; 1 teaspoon chopped fresh rosemary; Few dashes Worcestershire sauce; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 pounds flank steak | INSTRUCTIONS: To make the marinade, combine the oil, vinegar, garlic, mustard, oregano, parsley, rosemary, Worcestershire and some salt and pepper in a food processor and pulse until the garlic and herbs are incorporated in the oil. Place the steaks in a ziptop bag, pour the marinade over the steaks and marinate at least 30 minutes and up to overnight. Before grilling, remove the steaks from the bag and pour the remaining marinade into a small pan. Bring the marinade to a boil, lower to a simmer and cook for 2 to 3 minutes. Use this sauce to drizzle on the steaks as soon as you remove them from the grill. P <END>
INPUT: American, mexico, stacked, corn tortillas, Oil, chile sauce, cheddar Monterey Jack, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Traditional New Mexico Red Chile Cheese "Stacked" Enchiladas | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 6 corn tortillas; Oil (optional); 1 1/2 to 2 cups red chile sauce, recipe follows; 1 cup shredded cheddar or Monterey Jack cheese; 1/2 small chopped onion; 2 fried eggs; 1 cup shredded lettuce; 3/4 cup chopped tomato; 20 dried chile pods; 1/4 cup water; 6 garlic cloves; Salt; Pinch Mexican oregano; 1 pound diced pork (optional) | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Each serving will contain 3 corn tortillas. Take the tortilla and dip it in hot oil or dip it in the red chile sauce and put on plate. Top this with cheese and onion and more sauce and put another dipped tortilla on top and repeat this 2 times. Heat in the oven or under the broiler until cheese melts and top with a fried egg. Garnish the plate with the lettuce and tomato. You can serve this with fried potatoes or pinto beans. To make a casserole, you can layer the above in a baking dish with the final layer on top being cheese, do not put eggs on the casserol <END>
INPUT: Italian, olive oil, unsalted butter, assorted mushrooms, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Slow-Cooker Golden Chicken Pasta | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: Nonstick cooking spray, for coating the slow cooker; 1 tablespoon olive oil; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1 to 1 1/2 pounds assorted mushrooms, sliced; 1 clove garlic, minced; 1 cup vegetable broth; 2 to 2 1/2 pounds boneless, skinless chicken breasts, cubed; Two 15-ounce cans golden mushroom soup; 16 ounces chive and onion cream cheese; Two 0.7-ounce packages dry Italian dressing; Freshly ground black pepper; 1 pound of your favorite pasta; Freshly grated Parmesan, for garnish; Chopped fresh parsley, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: a slow cooker Turn a slow cooker to low and coat it with cooking spray. Heat the oil and butter in a saute pan or skillet over medium heat. Add the mushrooms and garlic. Increase the heat, cooking them until all the liquid is evaporated and the mushrooms are browned, working in batches if necessary. Add the vegetable broth and cook until the liquid is somewhat reduced. Set aside to cool slightly. Place the chicken, mushroom soup, cream cheese, dressing mix, black pepper and the mushroom mixture in the slow cooker and stir lightly to disperse the ingredients. Cover and cook a <END>
INPUT: sauce, Hass avocados, water, lemon juice, olive oil, kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sauteed Turkey Cutlets with Avocado Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 medium ripe Hass avocados (about 1 pound); 2 tablespoons water; 2 tablespoons lemon juice; 1 tablespoons olive oil; 1 teaspoon kosher salt; 3/4 cup all-purpose flour; 2 teaspoons lightly packed lemon zest; 3/4 teaspoon kosher salt; 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 8 (4-ounce) turkey cutlets; 3 tablespoons olive oil; 1 medium ripe Hass avocado; 8 basil leaves for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: For the sauce: Combine all ingredients in a blender and process until smooth; set aside until ready to use. If the sauce is too thick, add a little more water. (Can be made up to 1 day ahead and stored, covered tightly in a refrigerator until ready to use.) For the turkey: Combine flour, zest, salt, and pepper in a shallow dish or a resealable plastic bag and mix thoroughly. Add half of cutlets and coat well. Remove, shaking off excess flour, and repeat with remaining cutlets. Heat 1 tablespoon oil in a large frying pan over medium heat. When it shimmers, add 2 to 3 cutlets and cook until brow <END>
INPUT: waffle, sliders, buttermilk, hot sauce, Kosher salt, pure maple syrup
OUTPUT: TITLE: Waffle Chicken Sliders with Maple Butter | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup buttermilk; 3 tablespoons hot sauce, such as Tabasco; Kosher salt; 1 pound boneless, skinless chicken thighs (about 4 thighs), cut into 2-inch pieces; 1/4 cup pure maple syrup; 1 stick salted butter, softened; Nonstick canola oil spray; 2 cups your favorite all-purpose baking mix, such as Bisquick brand; Canola oil, for frying; 2 cups all-purpose flour; Freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: waffle iron Whisk together the buttermilk, hot sauce and 1 1/2 teaspoons salt in a large mixing bowl. Add the chicken and turn to coat evenly. Cover the bowl with plastic wrap and refrigerate for at least 2 hours and up to overnight. Meanwhile, make the maple butter. Combine the syrup and salted butter in a small mixing bowl. Stir until smooth and creamy. Cover with plastic wrap and keep at room temperature until ready to use. Preheat the oven to 250 degrees F. Preheat a 6 1/2-inch round waffle iron to medium-high heat and spray with nonstick spray. Make the waffle batter ac <END>
INPUT: unsalted shelled pistachios, sugar, milk, almond extract, egg yolks
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pistachio Ice Cream | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup unsalted shelled pistachios; 3/4 cup sugar; 2 cups milk (do not use low-fat or nonfat); 1/2 teaspoon almond extract; 4 large egg yolks; 1 cup whipping cream; 3/4 cup unsalted shelled pistachios, toasted, coarsely chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: Finely grind 1 cup pistachios and 1/4 cup sugar in processor. Bring milk and ground pistachio mixture to boil in heavy large saucepan. Remove from heat. Mix in almond extract. Whisk egg yolks and remaining 1/2 cup sugar in medium bowl. Gradually whisk in hot milk mixture. Return custard to saucepan. Cook over low heat until custard thickens and leaves path on back of spoon when finger is drawn across, stirring constantly, about 10 minutes (do not boil). Strain into large bowl. Chill until cold, about 2 hours. Stir 1 cup whipping cream and chopped pistachios into custard. Process mixture in ice <END>
INPUT: hats, mushrooms, onions, water, salt, boiling water
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mushroom Consommé with Morels and Pastry "Hats" | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 pounds fresh white mushrooms, chopped fine (preferably in a food processor); 2 onions, chopped; 2 quarts cold water; 1 teaspoon salt; 1 1/2 cups boiling water; 3/4 ounce dried morels* (about 1 cup); 3/4 cup Sercial Madeira; 2 tablespoons 1-inch pieces fresh chives; a 17 1/4-ounce package frozen puff pastry sheets (2 pastry sheets), thawed; an egg wash made by beating 1 large egg with 1 teaspoon water; *available at specialty foods shops and by mail order | INSTRUCTIONS: Make mushroom consommé: In a 6-quart stockpot or kettle combine consommé ingredients and simmer, uncovered, 2 hours. Pour consommé through a large fine sieve lined with a rinsed and squeezed paper towel into a large saucepan, pressing gently on solids, to yield about 5 cups consommé (if yield is not enough, add water to make 5 cups; if too much, boil consommé until reduced to 5 cups). Season consommé with salt and pepper. In a 6-quart stockpot or kettle combine consommé ingredients and simmer, uncovered, 2 hours. Pour consommé through a large fine sieve lined with a rinsed and squeezed paper t <END>
INPUT: American, cheesecake, raspberry, eggs, sugar, sour cream, vanilla
OUTPUT: TITLE: Homemade Cheesecake with Raspberry and Chocolate Sauce | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 3 (8-ounce) packages cream cheese, softened; 4 eggs; 1 cup sugar; 1 pint sour cream; 1 teaspoon vanilla; 1 (10-inch) Graham Cracker pie crust; 1 pint raspberries; 2 cups water; Your favorite chocolate sauce | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat oven to 350 degrees F. Beat cream cheese, eggs, sugar, sour cream, and vanilla until smooth. Pour over piecrust and bake for 50 minutes (until center is set). To prevent cake from cracking, place shallow pan half full of hot water on lower rack of oven during baking. Cool the cheesecake on a rack for 1 hour then refrigerate for at least 3 hours until cold. To prepare Raspberry sauce: In a small saucepan, combine raspberries, sugar, and water. Bring to a boil. Reduce to a simmer and reduce mixture by 1/2. To Plate: Serve a wedge of cheesecake with pool of each sauce on the side. <END>
INPUT: cutlets, Kosher salt pepper, All purpose flour, eggs, Juice lemon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lemon-Sage Chicken Cutlets | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 large skinless, boneless chicken breasts (about 1 1/4 pounds); Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper; All-purpose flour, for dredging; 2 large eggs; Juice of 1 lemon, plus lemon wedges for serving; 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 4 sprigs sage, leaves only; 1/2 cup dry white wine; 3/4 cup low-sodium chicken broth; 1 to 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; Warm Farro Salad, recipe follows, or other grains, for serving (optional) | INSTRUCTIONS: Slice each chicken breast in half horizontally to make 2 thin cutlets. Sprinkle lightly with water, place between two sheets of plastic wrap and pound until 1/4 inch thick. Season with salt and pepper. Pour some flour into a shallow dish and season with salt. Lightly beat the eggs with the lemon juice in another shallow dish. Heat the olive oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Dredge the cutlets in the flour, shaking off any excess; dip in the lemon-egg mixture, coating both sides. Add the cutlets to the skillet and cook until golden on the bottom, about 2 minutes. Add the sage leaves to t <END>
INPUT: catalan, olive oil, Golden Delicious apples, pine nuts, shallots, raisins
OUTPUT: TITLE: Catalan Spinach | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 tablespoons olive oil, divided; 2 medium Golden Delicious apples, peeled, cored, cut into 1/2-inch cubes; 1 cup pine nuts; 3 shallots, finely chopped; 1 cup raisins; 3 9-ounce packages fresh spinach | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat 1 tablespoon olive oil in each of 2 heavy large pots over high heat. Divide apples between pots and sauté until golden brown around edges, about 3 minutes. Divide pine nuts between pots; sauté until pine nuts are lightly toasted, about 3 minutes. Add 2 tablespoons olive oil to each pot. Divide shallots and raisins between pots; stir to combine. Divide spinach between pots; cover and cook just until wilted, stirring occasionally, about 2 minutes. Season with salt and pepper; transfer to bowl and serve. Heat 1 tablespoon olive oil in each of 2 heavy large pots over high heat. Divide apples  <END>
INPUT: Mexican, enchiladas, Deli rotisserie chicken, flour tortillas, salsa verde, Deli Buffalo style
OUTPUT: TITLE: Buff-a-Enchiladas | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 Deli rotisserie chicken (or 2 cups cooked chicken); 8 flour tortillas (6-8 in); 1 (10.75-oz) can heart-healthy condensed cream of chicken soup; 1 cup salsa verde; 1 cup Deli Buffalo-style chicken dip; 1 cup shredded Monterey Jack cheese; Nonstick aluminum foil | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 400°F. Remove chicken from bones (breast only) and shred (2 cups). Microwave tortillas on HIGH for 30 seconds or until warm. Combine soup and salsa verde; spread 1/2 cup in bottom of 13- x 9-inch baking dish. Combine Buffalo dip and chicken; divide chicken mixture evenly down center of tortillas. Roll each tortilla around filling; place seam side down in dish. Top enchiladas with remaining soup mixture; sprinkle with cheese. Cover dish with foil; bake 25-30 minutes or until center is hot and bubbly. Serve. <END>
INPUT: cheeseburgers, beef, heavy cream, dashes hot sauce, dashes Worcestershire sauce, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Perfect Bacon Cheeseburgers | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 pounds 80/20 ground beef; 1/3 cup heavy cream; 6 to 8 dashes hot sauce, such as Tabasco; 4 dashes Worcestershire sauce; 1 teaspoon salt; 1/2 teaspoon ground black pepper; 6 kaiser rolls; Softened butter, for spreading, plus 2 tablespoons; 6 slices Cheddar; 6 slices cooked bacon, halved | INSTRUCTIONS: Place the beef into a medium mixing bowl. Add the cream, hot sauce, Worcestershire, salt and pepper. With clean hands, mix the meat well. Set aside. Next, slice the rolls in half and spread each half with some softened butter. Place the rolls face-down on a skillet over medium heat. Lightly grill the rolls so they're nice and golden. Let the rolls cool on a plate until you need them. Heat a skillet over medium-high heat and add the butter. Form the beef mixture into 6 patties and place in the skillet, in batches if needed. Allow each to cook about 4 minutes on the first side, flip them and pla <END>
INPUT: Italian, compote, fish, olive oil, onion, garlic, salt, jalapeno chile
OUTPUT: TITLE: Olive and Oregano Compote for Fish | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup plus 1/3 cup olive oil; 1 onion, thinly sliced; 20 garlic cloves, slice paper-thin; 1 teaspoon salt; 1 jalapeno chile, stemmed, seeded if desired and minced; 1/2 cup chopped capers; 1/2 cup chopped pitted green olives; 2 Italian Roma tomatoes, cored, seeded and chopped; 1 bunch oregano, leaves only, chopped; 1/3 cup red wine vinegar; 2 teaspoons honey | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat 1/2 cup of the oil in a skillet over medium-low heat. Saute' the onions and garlic with the salt until soft but not brown, 5 to 7 minutes. Set aside to cool 10 minutes. Transfer the onion mixture to a bowl. Add the remaining ingredients and mix well. The compote can be refrigerated overnight. Serve with roasted or grilled fish. <END>
INPUT: bell peppers, virgin olive oil, sweet onions, bulb fennel, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Broiled Chicken Thighs with Fennel, Onions, and Roasted Red Peppers | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 red bell peppers; 1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil, plus more for liberal drizzling; 2 medium sweet onions, sliced into wedges, root end attached; 1 bulb fennel, thinly sliced, fennel fronds reserved for garnish; 3 to 4 large cloves garlic, thinly sliced; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 tablespoon white balsamic vinegar; 12 small bone-in chicken thighs; Fennel pollen or ground fennel, for sprinkling; 1 lemon, zested and juiced | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the broiler. Char the peppers over an open gas burner for 10 to 12 minutes, turning occasionally. Alternatively, char the peppers under the broiler for 7 to 8 minutes, turning occasionally, with the oven door slightly ajar to allow steam to escape. Place the charred peppers in bowl and cover with plastic wrap. When cool, peel and seed the peppers and slice lengthwise. Heat 1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil in a medium skillet over medium-high heat. Add the onions, fennel and garlic and season with salt and pepper. Cook, stirring frequently, for 15 minutes, or until the vegetables are <END>
INPUT: soup, Boston lettuce, chicken broth, water, unsalted butter, nutmeg taste
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lettuce Soup | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 medium heads Boston lettuce (about 3/4 pound total); 3 cups chicken broth; 1 cup water; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; freshly grated nutmeg to taste | INSTRUCTIONS: Stack lettuce leaves and cut into thin shreds. In a 3-quart saucepan gently simmer lettuce, broth, and water, covered, 40 minutes. In a blender purée soup in 2 batches with butter, nutmeg, and salt and pepper to taste until smooth (use caution when blending hot liquids), transferring as blended to another saucepan. Heat soup over moderately high heat until hot. Stack lettuce leaves and cut into thin shreds. In a 3-quart saucepan gently simmer lettuce, broth, and water, covered, 40 minutes. In a blender purée soup in 2 batches with butter, nutmeg, and salt and pepper to taste until smooth (use  <END>
INPUT: whole, trout, wine, onion, bay leaf, peppercorns
OUTPUT: TITLE: Whole Poached Trout | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 large trout; 1 cup white wine; 1 onion, quartered; 1 bay leaf; 6 peppercorns; Kosher salt; 1 cup mascarpone; A generous handful chopped fresh chives, plus more for garnish; Zest and juice of 1/2 lemon; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1/2 English cucumber, very thinly sliced | INSTRUCTIONS: Lay the trout in a poacher or roasting pan. Pour the wine in, and add enough water to cover. Drop in the onion, bay leaf and peppercorns. Season the water with salt. Cover, and bring just to a boil. Turn off the heat and leave to cool to room temperature. Transfer the fish to a serving platter. Let sit 30 minutes, and then drain off any excess liquid. Pat dry. Remove the skin from the fish, leaving the head and tail intact. Prepare the cream mixture by beating the mascarpone with the chives, lemon zest and juice, salt and pepper. Cut down the back of the fish and open out the fillets. Remove t <END>
INPUT: Italian, pasta, fettuccine, pancetta, onion, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pasta, Pancetta and Peas | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 16 ounces fettuccine; 8 ounces pancetta, diced; 1/2 onion, chopped; 1 (10-ounce) bag frozen peas; 2 cloves garlic, minced; 1/4 cup grated Parmesan; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1/2 lemon, juiced | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil over medium heat. Add pasta and cook until al dente. Drain pasta, reserving 1 cup of pasta water. Meanwhile, saute pancetta in a large saucepan over medium-high heat until golden and crisp, about 6 minutes. Transfer to a paper towel-lined plate. In the same pan, saute onions until softened, about 5 minutes. Add peas and garlic and saute for 3 minutes. Stir in Parmesan, pasta and pancetta. Moisten pasta with some of the reserved pasta water. Toss to incorporate, season with salt and pepper, if necessary, and serve, sprin <END>
INPUT: Asian, salad, five spice powder, garlic, lamb tenderloin, rice vinegar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spicy Lamb and Soba Noodle Salad | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup, plus 2 tablespoons canola oil; 1 tablespoon five-spice powder; 4 cloves garlic, finely chopped; 1 1/2 pounds lamb tenderloin; 3 tablespoons rice vinegar; 1 tablespoon low-sodium soy sauce; 2 teaspoons toasted sesame oil; 2 teaspoons sugar; 2 red jalapenos, thinly sliced; 1 tablespoon honey; Kosher salt; 3/4 pound soba noodles; 3 green onions, thinly sliced; 3 tablespoons chopped cilantro | INSTRUCTIONS: Whisk together 1/4 cup of the oil, five-spice powder and garlic in a medium baking dish, add the lamb and turn to coat in the mixture. Cover and refrigerate for at least 1 hour and up to 4 hours. Whisk together the vinegar, soy sauce, sesame oil, sugar, jalapeno, honey and remaining 2 tablespoons canola oil in a large bowl and let sit while you prepare the noodles. Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add the soba noodles and cook until just tender, approximately 5 minutes. Drain well, place in the bowl with the dressing, add the green onions and cilantro and mix until combined. Let si <END>
INPUT: hard boiled eggs, onion, apple, béchamel sauce, cumin
OUTPUT: TITLE: Egg, Onion, and Apple Croquettes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 hard-boiled large eggs, chopped fine; 2 tablespoons chopped onion; 1/4 cup chopped dried apple; 1/2 cup béchamel sauce; 1 teaspoon ground cumin, or to taste; 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, or to taste; 2 raw large eggs, beaten lightly; 2 cups fresh bread crumbs; vegetable oil for deep-frying the croquettes; 1/2 cup bottled applesauce; 1 teaspoon bottled horseradish; 1 tablespoon minced onion; 3 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1/4 cup all-purpose flour; 3 cups milk | INSTRUCTIONS: To make the croquettes: In a large bowl combine well the hard-boiled eggs, the onion, the apple, the béchamel, the cumin, the lemon juice, and salt and pepper to taste and chill the mixture for 30 minutes. Form the mixture in 1-inch balls, dip the balls in raw eggs, shaking off the excess, and roll them in the bread crumbs, transferring the croquettes as they are made to a baking sheet lined with wax paper. Chill the croquettes, covered loosely, for 1 hour. In a deep fryer or heavy deep skillet heat 2 inches of the oil to 350°F. and in it fry the croquettes in batches, turning them and transfe <END>
INPUT: American, burger, quinoa, organic lamb meat, cumin, cayenne pepper, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Organic Lamb Burger with Fresh Mint Yogurt and Quinoa | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup dry quinoa; 1 pound ground organic lamb meat; 2 teaspoons ground cumin; Pinch cayenne pepper; 1 clove garlic, minced; 1 egg; 1 small Spanish onion or 1/2 large, diced small; Salt; 2 tablespoons vegetable oil; 1 cup 0-percent-fat Greek yogurt; 2 tablespoons fresh mint, chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: Rinse the quinoa in a large fine mesh strainer with cold water, then transfer to a small saucepan. Cover with 2 cups cold water, bring to a boil, and then reduce to a low simmer and cook for 15 to 20 minutes. Remove from the heat, fluff with a fork and let cool before mixing into the lamb. Mix together the quinoa, lamb, cumin, cayenne, garlic, egg, onions and some salt in a large bowl until the mixture comes together and is smooth. Form the mixture into 4 balls, flatten down into patties and place on baking sheets. Heat a large nonstick saute pan over high heat for 1 minute, and then add the o <END>
INPUT: American, barbecue, orange juice, lemon juice, light sugar, chili powder
OUTPUT: TITLE: Barbecue-Roasted Salmon | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: Nonstick cooking spray; 1/4 cup orange juice; 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 2 tablespoons light brown sugar; 4 teaspoons chili powder; 2 teaspoons finely grated lemon zest; 1 teaspoon ground cumin; 1/2 teaspoon salt; Pinch cayenne pepper; 4 (6-ounce) salmon fillets, about 1-inch thick | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. Coat a shallow baking dish with cooking spray. In a small bowl, whisk together orange juice, lemon juice, brown sugar, chili powder, lemon zest, cumin, salt, and cayenne. Using tongs, add salmon fillets to the prepared pan. Pour the orange juice mixture over the salmon and turn to coat both sides. Roast for 15 minutes, until a fork can be easily inserted into the salmon. <END>
INPUT: cooking, sea scallops, Coarse salt pepper, vegetable oil, capers, mixed herbs
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cooking Fresh Scallops | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 16 sea scallops (about 1 1/2 pounds); Coarse salt and freshly ground pepper; 1/4 cup plus 2 tablespoons vegetable oil; 1/4 cup drained capers (about 2 ounces); 1/4 cup mixed chopped herbs, such as parsley, chervil, and basil; 1 lemon, cut into wedges | INSTRUCTIONS: Season scallops on each side with salt and pepper. In a large skillet, heat 1 tablespoon vegetable oil over medium heat until it just reaches the smoking point. Add 8 scallops to the pan, and saute until golden brown, about 2 minutes per side. Remove from pan to a warm plate. Repeat with remaining scallops. In a second skillet, heat 1/4 cup vegetable oil over medium-high heat. Add capers, and cook until they open, about 1 minute. Remove with a slotted spoon to a plate lined with paper towels. Place 4 sea scallops on each of the 4 plates. Garnish each plate with 1 tablespoon fried capers, 1 tab <END>
INPUT: salad, slab bacon, shallot, champagne vinegar, farm eggs, frisee
OUTPUT: TITLE: Bacon and Egg Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 ounces slab bacon, cut into 1/2-inch pieces; 1 shallot, sliced; 3 tablespoons champagne vinegar, divided; 4 large fresh farm eggs; 1/2 pound frisee (about 2 large heads) washed, dried, and chopped into bite-size pieces; Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Cook the bacon pieces in a large skillet over medium-high heat until crisp; transfer to a paper towel-lined plate to drain. Add the shallots to the pan and cook until softened, 2 to 3 minutes. Pour in 2 tablespoons vinegar, reduce the heat and simmer gently for 1 minute. In a large skillet, bring about 6 cups of water and 1 tablespoon of vinegar to gentle simmer. Crack the eggs, 1 at a time, and gently slip them it into the water. Cook until white is set but yolk is still runny, about 1 1/2 to 2 minutes. Add the frisee and crisp bacon pieces to the warm pan dress <END>
INPUT: American, fajitas, paprika, light sugar, cumin, chili powder, ancho chile powder
OUTPUT: TITLE: Steak Fajitas with Onions and Peppers | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon paprika; 2 teaspoons packed light brown sugar; 1 teaspoon ground cumin; 1 1/2 teaspoons chili powder; 1/2 teaspoon ancho chile powder; 1/2 teaspoon garlic powder; Kosher salt; 1 1/2 pounds skirt steak; Juice of 3 limes, plus wedges for serving; 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, plus more for the grill; 4 bell peppers (red, orange and/or yellow), thinly sliced; 2 red onions, thinly sliced; 8 to 12 flour tortillas; Shredded cheddar cheese and chopped fresh cilantro, for topping | INSTRUCTIONS: Mix the paprika, brown sugar, cumin, chili powder, ancho powder, garlic powder and 1 teaspoon salt in a small bowl. Put the steak in a large resealable plastic bag. Add the juice of 1 lime, 1 tablespoon olive oil and the spice mixture; seal the bag and rub the spices into the meat. Refrigerate 30 minutes to 2 hours. Meanwhile, heat a large cast-iron skillet over medium-high heat. Toss the bell peppers and red onions with the remaining 2 tablespoons olive oil, the juice of the remaining 2 limes and 1 teaspoon salt in a large bowl. Add to the skillet and cook, stirring occasionally, until the ve <END>
INPUT: Italian, risotto dashi, uni puree, Salt pepper, vegetable oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Uni Risotto with Seared Japanese Scallops, Truffle Vinaigrette and Ikura | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup prepared risotto cooked in dashi; 2 tablespoons uni puree (reduced cream with ratio of 1-ounce uni to 1 1/2 cups cream); 2 (10/20 count) scallops, preferably "dayboat" or Japanese; Salt and white pepper; 1 tablespoon vegetable oil; 2 pieces fresh uni; 1 teaspoon ikura (salmon roe); 1 teaspoon truffle vinaigrette (either store-bought or homemade), or sherry vinaigrette finished with white truffle oil | INSTRUCTIONS: As the risotto finishes cooking, stir in the uni puree to coat the risotto. Set aside and keep warm. Remove the "foot" of the scallops and pat them dry. Season scallops with salt and pepper. Heat oil in a small saute pan over medium-high heat. Add scallops and sear until golden brown on 1 side. Turn scallops over and sear on the other side until golden brown and just cooked through in the middle. Remove from the heat and keep warm. To serve, place risotto in a bowl and top with scallops. Carefully position a piece of uni on each of the scallops. Garnish with ikura and drizzle with truffle vina <END>
INPUT: torte, Crisco® Original No, water, Crisco® Pure Vegetable, egg
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fudge Mint Ice Cream Torte | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Crisco® Original No-Stick Cooking Spray; 1 (19.5 oz.) pkg. Pillsbury® Classic Traditional Fudge Brownie; 1/2 cup water; 1/2 cup Crisco® Pure Vegetable Oil; 1 large egg; 8 cups chocolate chip mint ice cream, slightly softened; 20 thin chocolate and green mints; 1/4 cup half-and-half; 8 thin chocolate and green mints | INSTRUCTIONS: HEAT oven to 350 degrees F. Line three 8-inch round cake pans with foil or parchment paper. Coat bottoms only with no-stick cooking spray. PREPARE brownies as directed on package, using oil, water and egg. Spread batter evenly in prepared pans. BAKE 15 to 20 minutes. Cool in pan 15 minutes. Remove brownie layers from pans. Cool 30 minutes or until completely cooled. Place layers in freezer 1 to 2 hours for easier handling. LINE two 8-inch round cake pans with foil. Scoop and press ice cream evenly into foil-lined pans, leveling tops. Freeze until firm. COMBINE topping ingredients in small sauc <END>
INPUT: American, cameron, four, active yeast, honey, water, all purpose flour, kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cameron's Four-Cheese Pizza | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 package active dry or fresh yeast; 1 teaspoon honey; 1 cup warm water, 105 to 115 degrees F; 3 cups all-purpose flour; 1 teaspoon kosher salt; 1 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, plus additional for brushing; 12 ounces (1/2 recipe) pizza dough; 2 tablespoons pesto, recipe follows; 2 tablespoons oven-dried tomatoes, recipe follows, cut into thin slices; 3/4 cup shredded or grated mozzarella, about 3 ounces; 3/4 cup grated Fontina; 2 Roma tomatoes, ends trimmed and cut into 12 slices; 2 ounces goat cheese, crumbled; 1 teaspoon chopped fresh oregano leaves; 1 teaspoon chopped fresh thyme leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: For the pizza dough: In a small bowl, dissolve the yeast and honey in 1/4-cup warm water. In a mixer fitted with a dough hook, combine the flour and the salt. Add the oil, the yeast mixture, and the remaining 3/4 cup of water and mix on low speed until the dough comes cleanly away from the sides of the bowl and clusters around the dough hook, about 5 minutes. The pizza dough can also be made in a food processor fitted with the steel blade. Pulse once or twice, add the remaining ingredients, and process until the dough begins to form a ball. Turn the dough out onto a clean work surface and knea <END>
INPUT: Dishwasher Salmon, lemon juice, salt, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Dishwasher Salmon with a Piquant Dill Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Dishwasher Salmon; 4 (6-ounce) salmon fillets; 4 tablespoons freshly squeezed lemon juice; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; Heavy-duty aluminum foil; Piquant Dill Sauce, recipe follows; 2 tablespoons butter; 2 leeks, white part only, finely chopped, then thoroughly washed; 1 jalapeno chile, seeds and membranes removed, finely diced; 2 garlic cloves, minced; 1 cup vegetable or chicken stock; 1 1/2 cups lightly packed fresh dill, stems removed before measuring; 2 tablespoons freshly squeezed lemon juice; 1/4 teaspoon salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Cut 2 (12-inch) square sheets of aluminum foil. Place 2 fillets side by side on each square and fold up the outer edges. Drizzle 1 tablespoon of lemon juice over each fillet. Season with salt and pepper. Fold and pinch the aluminum foil extra tightly to create a watertight seal around each pair of fillets. Make sure the packet is airtight by pressing down on it gently with your hand. If air escapes easily, rewrap. Place foil packets on the top rack of the dishwasher. Run dishwasher for the entire "normal" cycle. When cycle is complete, take out salmon, discard foil, place 1 fillet on each plat <END>
INPUT: eggs, egg yolks, milk, heavy cream, dark amber Grade
OUTPUT: TITLE: Maple Custard Cups | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 whole large eggs; 2 large egg yolks; 1 1/2 cups whole milk; 1/2 cup heavy cream; 1/4 cup dark amber or Grade B maple syrup; 2 tablespoons granulated maple sugar (see cooks' note, below); 1/2 teaspoon vanilla; 1/4 teaspoon salt; Special equipment: a 13- by 9-inch baking pan; 6 (6-oz) custard cups or ramekins | INSTRUCTIONS: Put oven rack in middle position and preheat oven to 350°F. Whisk together all ingredients in a large bowl until sugar is dissolved, then pour through a fine-mesh sieve into a 1-quart glass measure. Divide custard evenly among cups, then transfer cups to baking pan. Bake in a hot water bath , pan covered loosely with foil, until custards are just set and a knife inserted in center of one comes out clean, 35 to 40 minutes. Carefully transfer cups to a rack and cool to warm, about 30 minutes. Put oven rack in middle position and preheat oven to 350°F. Whisk together all ingredients in a large bo <END>
INPUT: Italian, fennel bulb, virgin olive oil, garlic, fennel seeds, chilis
OUTPUT: TITLE: Linguine Crab | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 fennel bulb; Extra-virgin olive oil; 1 garlic clove, peeled and finely chopped; 1 tablespoon fennel seeds, crushed; 2 dried chilis, crumbled; About 14 ounces (400 grams) crabmeat; 1 lemon, zest grated and juiced; About 11.5 ounces (320 grams) linguine | INSTRUCTIONS: Remove the tough, outer part and stalk of the fennel. Slice the bulb as finely as you can across the grain. Keep any of the green tops. Heat 2 tablespoons oil in a thick-bottomed pan, add the garlic, fennel seeds, and chilis and cook to soften. Add the crab, zest and lemon juice, and season. Stir through, just to heat up the crab. Cook the linguine in boiling salted water for 5 minutes, then add the fennel slices, and cook together until al dente. Drain the pasta, keeping a little of the water, and add to the crab mixture. Stir thoroughly to combine, adding a little of the reserved water to lo <END>
INPUT: Six rump steaks, Salt, pepper, all purpose flour, grapeseed oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Rump Steaks Braised with Mushrooms and Onions and Porter Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Six 8-ounce rump steaks; Salt; Freshly ground black pepper; 1 cup all-purpose flour; 1/4 cup grapeseed oil; 2 large onions, sliced; 3 cups mushrooms, cleaned and sliced (your choice of type of mushrooms); 4 cups chicken broth or beef broth; 8 ounces porter (dark beer); 2 teaspoons dark molasses; 1 teaspoon fresh chopped thyme leaves; 3 teaspoons hot sauce (recommended: Tabasco); 2 bay leaves; 1/4 cup (1/2 stick) butter, cut into cubes; 5 ounces creme fraiche or sour cream | INSTRUCTIONS: Season the steaks on both sides with salt and pepper. Heat 1/8 cup of the canola oil in a large saute pan over medium-high heat. Dredge the steaks in flour, and shake to remove excess. Sear the steaks on both sides, remove from pan, and set aside on a utility platter. Add the other 1/8 cup of canola oil to the same pan and saute the onions and mushrooms until the onions become translucent, about 3 to 5 minutes. Add the chicken or beef broth, porter beer, molasses, thyme, hot sauce and bay leaves to the onion/mushroom mixture. Reduce the heat to low and return the steaks to the pan. Simmer cove <END>
INPUT: Indian, pate, lentils, water, bay leaf, virgin olive oil, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Red Lentil Pate | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup large or small red lentils, sorted and rinsed; 4 cups water; 1 bay leaf; 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1 small onion, finely chopped; 1/3 cup pine nuts; 3 garlic cloves, finely chopped; 1 tablespoon tomato paste; 1 teaspoon ground coriander; 1/2 teaspoon ground caraway seeds; 1/2 teaspoon ground cumin; 1/8 teaspoon cayenne pepper; 1 teaspoon coarse sea salt or kosher salt; Freshly squeezed juice of 1/2 lemon; Pita toasts, to serve | INSTRUCTIONS: In a 3-quart saucepan over high heat, combine the lentils with 4 cups water and bring it to a boil. Skim and discard any foam and add the bay leaf. Reduce the heat to low, cover the pan, and simmer until the lentils are tender, about 30 minutes; drain. While the lentils simmer, in a small saute pan over medium heat, warm the oil. Add the onion and pine nuts and cook until the onion softens and the pine nuts begin to color, about 5 to 7 minutes. Stir in the garlic, tomato paste, coriander, caraway, cumin, cayenne, and salt. Continue to cook for 5 minutes. Stir in the lemon juice, scraping up an <END>
INPUT: sour, stir, rice, low sodium soy, rice vinegar, sugar, pork tenderloin
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sweet and Sour Stir-Fried Pork with Pineapple | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup brown rice; 1/4 cup low-sodium soy sauce; 1/4 cup rice vinegar; 3 tablespoons sugar; 1 1/4 pounds pork tenderloin, trimmed; 1 tablespoon cornstarch; Kosher salt and cracked black pepper; 1 tablespoon peanut oil; 2 cloves garlic, minced; 2 bell peppers (any color), sliced; 1/2 cup diced fresh pineapple; 4 scallions, thinly sliced on the diagonal; 2 tablespoons roasted peanuts, chopped (optional) | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook the rice according to package directions (about 45 minutes cook time). Meanwhile, in a small bowl or measuring cup, whisk together the soy sauce, vinegar and sugar. Slice the pork into 1/2-inch-thick rounds, then slice again to make 1/2-inch-wide strips. Place the pork in a medium bowl and sprinkle with the cornstarch and salt and pepper, and toss to coat. In a large skillet or wok, heat the oil over high heat until very hot. Add the pork and stir-fry until the pork is almost cooked through and begins to brown, about 2 minutes. Add the garlic and bell peppers and stir-fry until the vegeta <END>
INPUT: milk, sugar, salt, half half, T. vanilla
OUTPUT: TITLE: Amaretto Peach Ice Cream | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups milk; 1 3/4 cups sugar; 1/2 tsp. salt; 2 cups half and half; 1 T. vanilla; 4 cups whipping cream; 1 cup Amaretto liqueur; 1 tsp. cinnamon; 4 cups fresh peaches (half amount pureed, and half diced.) | INSTRUCTIONS: Scald milk until bubbles form around edges of pan. Remove from heat. Add sugar and salt until dissolved. Stir in half and half, vanilla, whipping cream, and 1/2 cup Amaretto. Cover and refrigerate 30 minutes. Add cinnamon to pureed peaches and diced peaches, then add to chilled mixture. Refrigerate another 15 minutes. Freeze in an ice-cream maker according to the manufacturer's directions. Drizzle remaining Amaretto liqueur over dished out servings. <END>
INPUT: soup, unsalted butter, onion, celery, carrots, Salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Yellow Split Pea Soup | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1 onion, sliced; 3 stalks celery, diced; 2 carrots, peeled and diced; Salt and white pepper; 1/2 teaspoon turmeric; 8 cups chicken stock (or combination water and stock); 2 cups dried yellow split peas; 2 medium potatoes, peeled and diced; 1 ham hock (optional); Dark bread croutons, for garnish; Brown mustard | INSTRUCTIONS: Melt butter over medium-low heat in a large stockpot or Dutch oven. Cook onion, celery and carrots with salt and pepper until onion is soft, about 7 to 10 minutes. Add the turmeric, stock, peas, potatoes, and ham hock, and simmer, covered, about 1 hour. Remove the ham hock. Puree soup in a blender or food processor until smooth. Return to clean pot, and adjust the seasonings. Serve immediately in flat soup dishes with wide (3-inch) rims, garnished with dark bread croutons. Place brown mustard on the rims of the bowls, and take a little mustard with each spoonful of soup. <END>
INPUT: Asian, water, piece ginger, sugar, lemon zested, pears
OUTPUT: TITLE: Ginger-Poached Pears with Ice Cream and Blueberries | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup water; 1 one-inch piece fresh ginger, sliced; 2 tablespoons sugar; 1 lemon zested; 2 firm pears, such as Bosc or Anjou, peeled, cut into thin wedges, cut core away as you work; 1 pint French vanilla bean ice cream; Ground cinnamon, for garnish; 1 cup fresh blueberries | INSTRUCTIONS: In a saucepan, bring the water, ginger, sugar, and lemon zest to a boil over medium-high heat. Add the pears, and when the pot returns to a boil, reduce the heat to a medium-low to maintain the simmer. Cook the pears until very soft when pierced with a knife (but not falling apart), about 12 minutes. Remove the pan from the heat, and using a slotted spoon, divide the pears among 4 dessert cups or ice cream dishes. Add scoops of ice cream to the pears and garnish with a sprinkle of cinnamon then tumble some fresh blueberries over each serving. <END>
INPUT: frozen, cups, semisweet chocolate, creamy peanut butter, water, honey, heavy cream
OUTPUT: TITLE: Frozen Peanut Butter Cups | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound semisweet chocolate, cut in chunks; 1 cup creamy peanut butter; 1/4 cup warm water; 1/4 cup honey; 1 cup heavy cream, whipped; 2 tablespoons chopped salted peanuts | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Have 2 mini-muffin pans, a can of non-stick spray, a pastry brush, and a package of paper/foil candy cups out and ready; clear some space in the freezer. Slowly melt the chocolate in a double boiler over hot water or in a microwave set on high for 2 minutes, stirring halfway through the heating time to smooth it out. Dot a bit of chocolate in the center of each muffin cup and press a candy wrapper in the molds so it sticks in place. Lightly spray the insides of the wrappers with a little non-stick cooking spray. Brush about a tablespoon of the melted chocolate in <END>
INPUT: gravy, mixed exotic mushrooms, garlic, unsalted butter, onion, soy sauce
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mushroom Gravy | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound mixed fresh white and exotic mushrooms such as cremini, oyster, or shiitake (discard shiitake stems); 4 large garlic cloves, minced; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1 onion, chopped fine; 1 tablespoon soy sauce; 1/2 cup dry red wine; 1 tablespoon balsamic vinegar; 1 tablespoon cornstarch dissolved in 1 1/2 cups cold water; 1 1/2 cups water; 1/2 teaspoon sugar; 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh parsley leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: Slice mushrooms. In a 10-inch heavy non-stick skillet cook garlic in butter over moderately low heat, stirring, until pale golden. Add onion and cook, stirring, until softened. Add mushrooms and soy sauce and sauté mixture over moderately high heat, stirring, until liquid mushrooms give off is evaporated and mushrooms begin to brown. Add wine and vinegar and boil until liquid is evaporated. Stir cornstarch mixture and add to skillet with sugar. Bring mixture to a boil, stirring, and simmer 2 minutes. Stir in parsley and season gravy with salt and pepper. Gravy may be made 1 day ahead and chill <END>
INPUT: American, thumbprint, cookies, baking apples Golden, lemon juice, apple pie spice, pure vanilla extract, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Apple Pie Thumbprint Cookies | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound baking apples such as Golden Delicious, Gala or Fuji (2 to 3 apples), peeled, cored and cut into 1/4-inch dice (about 2 1/2 cups diced); 1 tablespoon lemon juice (from about 1/2 lemon); 1/2 teaspoon apple pie spice; 1/4 teaspoon pure vanilla extract; 1 cup sugar; 10 tablespoons (1 1/4 sticks) unsalted butter, at room temperature; 1 teaspoon cornstarch; 1 3/4 cups all-purpose flour (see Cook's Note); 1/2 teaspoon fine salt; 1 large egg | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Toss together the apples, lemon juice, apple pie spice, vanilla and 1/3 cup of the sugar in a medium bowl. Melt 2 tablespoons of the butter in a medium skillet over medium heat. Add the apple mixture and stir to coat with the butter. Cover and cook, stirring occasionally and adding about 1/4 cup water if the mixture becomes too dry or begins to brown, until the apples are tender and shiny, about 20 minutes. When the apples are tender, there should be some liquid left in the skillet; if not, add 1/4 cup water and stir. Mix the cornstarch with 1 teaspoon water in a <END>
INPUT: lobster, tails, mango, sugar, lemon juice, lime juice, Fine sea salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Poached Lobster Tails, and Fried Oyster with Mango and Avocado Purée | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 mango, peeled and diced; 3 tablespoons sugar; 2 tablespoons freshly squeezed lemon juice; 1 tablespoon freshly squeezed lime juice; Fine sea salt; 2 avocados; 2 tablespoons sour cream; Juice of 5 key limes or 1 regular lime; 1 tablespoon freshly squeezed lemon juice; Fine sea salt; 4 quarts water; 1 cup white wine; 1 lemon, halved; 2 dried bay leaves; 6 whole black peppercorns | INSTRUCTIONS: Make the mango purée: In a blender or food processer, combine the mango, sugar, lemon and lime juice and process until smooth. Season to taste with salt, cover, and refrigerate until ready to use. In a blender or food processer, combine the mango, sugar, lemon and lime juice and process until smooth. Season to taste with salt, cover, and refrigerate until ready to use. Make the avocado purée: In a blender or food processer, combine the avocados, sour cream, key lime and lemon juice and process until smooth. Season to taste with salt, cover, and refrigerate until ready to use. In a blender or f <END>
INPUT: Italian, bakes, sweet potatoes, virgin olive oil, sea salt flakes, linseeds
OUTPUT: TITLE: Quinoa and Sweet Potato Bakes | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 2 sweet potatoes (kumara) (800 grams), peeled and chopped into 3/4-inch cubes; 2 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil, plus extra for drizzling; 1 teaspoon sea salt flakes; 2 cups (340 grams) cooked quinoa, preferabbly black, plus extra for sprinkling; 2 tablespoons linseeds (flaxseeds); 2 tablespoons store-bought caramelized onion; 1 3/4 cups (420 grams) fresh ricotta; 1 1/2 cups (120 grams) finely grated Parmesan; 2 tablespoons thyme leaves; 2 eggs; Cracked black pepper; 150 grams goat cheese, sliced; 6 sprigs thyme, extra | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 400°F (200°C). Lightly grease 6 Texas muffin tins, line with non-stick baking paper and set aside. Place the sweet potato, oil, and salt on a baking tray lined with baking paper and toss to combine. Roast for 20 to 25 minutes or until golden brown. Allow to cool slightly and transfer to a large bowl. Add the quinoa, linseeds, onion, ricotta, Parmesan, thyme, eggs and pepper and mix until just combined. Spoon into the prepared tins and top with the goat’s cheese and extra thyme. Sprinkle with the extra quinoa, drizzle with extra oil and bake for 30 to 35 minutes or until golden. <END>
INPUT: ducklings, vegetable oil, onions, carrots, Italian parsley
OUTPUT: TITLE: Braised Duck with Turnips | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 5- to 5 1/2-pound ducklings, giblets reserved; 1 tablespoon vegetable oil; 3 cups finely chopped onions; 2 medium carrots, chopped; 1 bunch Italian parsley, stems chopped, 3 tablespoons leaves mince; 1 teaspoon dried thyme; 1 bay leaf; 3 3/4 cups canned chicken broth; 1 1/2 cups dry white wine; 8 turnips (about 2 pounds), trimmed, peeled; 3 tablespoons cornstarch | INSTRUCTIONS: Cut away duck backbones and discard. Cut off first 2 joints of each wing and reserve. Cut ducks into quarters. Remove any fat. Pat duck pieces dry with paper towels. Pierce skin all over with fork. Season with salt and pepper. Heat vegetable oil in heavy large Dutch oven over medium-high heat. Working in batches, add duck quarters, skin side down, and cook until golden, about 8 minutes. Turn and cook 3 minutes longer. Transfer to large bowl. Add wings and giblets to Dutch oven and cook until golden, turning frequently, about 10 minutes. Using slotted spoon, transfer to another bowl. Pour off a <END>
INPUT: pies, tube cookie dough, vanilla pudding, berries, Confectioners' sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Vanilla Pudding Pies | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Nonstick cooking spray, for spraying the muffin tin; One 16.5-ounce tube prepared cookie dough; 2 cups prepared vanilla pudding; Fresh berries, for topping; Confectioners' sugar, for dusting | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Spray the cups of a 12-cup muffin tin with cooking spray. Cut the cookie dough into twelve 1-inch slices. Press each slice into a cup of the muffin tin, making sure to spread it evenly over the bottom and sides. Bake until the crust is set and the sides begin to turn golden brown, 25 to 30 minutes. Let cool in the muffin tin, then carefully remove. When ready to serve, fill with 2 to 3 tablespoons vanilla pudding, top with a few berries and dust with confectioners' sugar. Serve immediately. <END>
INPUT: Italian, meatballs, pork, Kosher salt, chili flakes, fennel seeds, eggs
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pork Meatballs | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 2 pounds ground pork (lean but not too lean), cut from the pork shoulder; Kosher salt; 2 teaspoons chili flakes; 2 teaspoons fennel seeds; 2 eggs; 1/2 cup sour cream; 2/3 cup tightly packed curly parsley leaves with stems, washed, dried and chopped; 1 cup freshly grated Parmesan; 1 cup bread crumbs, toasted; 1/4 to 1/2 cup vegetable oil, plus 1 tablespoon for testing; My Mother's Marinara Sauce, recipe follows; 4 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 2 large yellow onions, peeled, halved and diced; 10 cloves garlic, peeled, halved and cut into thin slices; 2 to 3 teaspoons red pepper flakes | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Add the meat to a large bowl, spread it out and season with salt, to taste. Add the remaining ingredients leaving the bread crumbs until last. Mix until all the ingredients are combined. Create a small patty and test it in a small saute pan in 1 tablespoon of oil. When browned on both sides, taste and re-season the meat mixture, if needed. Roll the mixture into about 20 to 25 or so balls that are about 2 inches in diameter. Heat the vegetable oil in a large skillet over high heat. When the oil begins to smoke lightly, shut off the heat to avoid splattering, add t <END>
INPUT: potatoes, onions, carrots, shallots, olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Potatoes, Onions, and Carrots | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 pounds small red potatoes, halved; 3 large red onions, cut lengthwise into 1/2-inch wedges (keep root ends intact); 6 carrots, cut diagonally into 1-inch pieces; 8 large shallots, halved lengthwise; 6 tablespoons olive oil; Salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 450°F with racks in upper and lower thirds. Oil 2 large rimmed baking sheets. Toss potatoes, onions, carrots, and shallots with oil, 1 teaspoon salt, and 1/2 teaspoon pepper in a large bowl. Divide vegetable mixture between baking sheets. Roast vegetables, stirring occasionally and switching position of sheets halfway through, until vegetables are tender and golden, about 1 hour. Preheat oven to 450°F with racks in upper and lower thirds. Oil 2 large rimmed baking sheets. Toss potatoes, onions, carrots, and shallots with oil, 1 teaspoon salt, and 1/2 teaspoon pepper in a large  <END>
INPUT: molasses, ketchup, Dijon mustard, chipotle chiles adobo, big
OUTPUT: TITLE: The Ultimate Baked Beans | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup molasses; 1/2 cup ketchup; 1/4 cup Dijon mustard; 1 canned chipotle chiles in adobo; 3 big (28-ounce) cans cannelloni beans, drained and rinsed; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 8 slices pancetta; Leaves from 6 fresh rosemary sprigs; Extra-virgin olive oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Special equipment: 4 individual crocks Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Put the molasses, ketchup, mustard, and chiles in a blender and puree. Scrape that into a big bowl, add the beans and season with salt and black pepper, and gently toss so that the beans are coated with the molasses mixture. Divide the mixture evenly amongst individual crocks. Top each crock with a piece of pancetta, sprig of rosemary and a drizzle of extra-virgin olive oil. Bake in the oven until the bacon is browned and fat is rendered, about 25 minutes. <END>
INPUT: christmas, cooler, cranberry juice cocktail, tangerine juice purchased, lime juice, tangerines
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cranberry-Tangerine Christmas Cooler | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 48-ounce bottle cranberry juice cocktail, chilled; 3 cups freshly squeezed tangerine juice or purchased tangerine juice; 1/2 cup fresh lime juice; 2 tangerines, unpeeled | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine cranberry juice and tangerine juice in large pitcher. Add lime juice and stir to blend. (Can be made 1 day ahead. Cover and refrigerate.) Cut thin slice off tops and bottoms of tangerines. Cut each horizontally into three 1/4- to 1/3-inch-thick rounds. Divide cooler among 6 tall glasses. Garnish with tangerine rounds and serve. Combine cranberry juice and tangerine juice in large pitcher. Add lime juice and stir to blend. (Can be made 1 day ahead. Cover and refrigerate.) Cut thin slice off tops and bottoms of tangerines. Cut each horizontally into three 1/4- to 1/3-inch-thick rounds. D <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, puree, cake, apples, apple juice, Dijon mustard, couscous, boiling water
OUTPUT: TITLE: Olive Oil-Poached Salmon with Dijon Apple Puree and Couscous Cake | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 3 red apples, peeled, cored, and quartered; 2 cups apple juice; 1/4 cup Dijon mustard; 1 1/2 cups couscous; 1 1/2 cups boiling water; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh tarragon; Zest and juice of 1 lemon; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, to taste; 2 eggs, lightly whisked; 1/2 cup all-purpose flour; 4 tablespoons olive oil, plus 1 quart olive oil, for poaching; 2 teaspoons cracked white pepper; 4 salmon fillets (about 4 ounces each); 1 bunch baby spinach or baby arugula, washed, for serving | INSTRUCTIONS: In a saucepot over medium heat, cook the apples in apple juice. When the apples are soft, drain the apples, but reserve the juice. Add the apples to a blender with Dijon mustard. Blend on high, adding the reserved juice, a little at a time, until smooth. Pour the couscous into a large bowl. Add 1 1/2 cups boiling water to the couscous, cover, and let stand 10 minutes. Then, stir in the parsley, tarragon, lemon zest, and lemon juice. Season the mixture with salt, and pepper, to taste. Add the eggs and flour, and mix until thick and sticky. Form the mixture into 4 evenly portioned patties. In a  <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, gazpacho, tomato, serrano chile, cubed seedless watermelon, wine vinegar, virgin olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Watermelon Gazpacho | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 1 large tomato; 1/2 serrano chile; 2 cups cubed seedless watermelon; 1 teaspoon red wine vinegar; 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 2 tablespoons minced red onion; 1/2 English cucumber, seeded and chopped; 2 tablespoons minced fresh dill, plus more for topping; Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper; 1/4 cup crumbled feta cheese | INSTRUCTIONS: Puree the tomato, chile and 1 cup watermelon in a blender. Add the vinegar and olive oil and pulse. Add the red onion, cucumber and dill, season with salt and pepper and puree until smooth. Chill at least 30 minutes. Loosen with a few tablespoons water, if needed. Pour the gazpacho into chilled cups or bowls; top with dill, the feta and the remaining watermelon. Photograph by David Malosh <END>
INPUT: stir, carrots, olive oil, garlic, water, unsalted butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Stir-Fried Carrots and Garlic | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 medium carrots, halved crosswise; 2 teaspoons olive oil; 1 garlic clove, sliced thin lengthwise; 1/3 cup water; 2 teaspoons unsalted butter; fresh lemon juice to taste | INSTRUCTIONS: Halve carrot pieces lengthwise and cut crosswise into 1/8-inch-thick slices. In a heavy medium skillet heat oil over moderately high heat until hot but not smoking and stir-fry carrots until they begin to turn golden. Add garlic and stir-fry 30 seconds. Add water and butter and simmer, covered, until carrots are just tender, about 3 minutes. Boil carrots, uncovered, until most of liquid is evaporated. Stir in lemon juice and salt and pepper to taste. Halve carrot pieces lengthwise and cut crosswise into 1/8-inch-thick slices. In a heavy medium skillet heat oil over moderately high heat until h <END>
INPUT: pudding, smoothie, banana, unsweetened coconut flakes, date, cinnamon, nutmeg
OUTPUT: TITLE: Banana-Coconut Pudding Smoothie | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 frozen banana, peeled and chopped; 1/4 cup unsweetened coconut flakes; 1 pitted date; 1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon, plus more for sprinkling; 1/8 teaspoon ground nutmeg; 3/4 cup coconut water | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine the banana, coconut, date, cinnamon, nutmeg and coconut water in a blender and puree until smooth, adding more liquid if necessary. Pour into a glass and sprinkle with cinnamon. <END>
INPUT: tart, whipped, sheet puff pastry, Flour, Golden Delicious apple, nectarine, unsalted butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Honey Apple and Nectarine Tart with Whipped Mascarpone | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 sheet frozen puff pastry (half of 17.3-ounce package), thawed; Flour, for dusting; 1 small Golden Delicious apple, peeled, halved, cored, thinly sliced; 1 small nectarine, halved and thinly sliced; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted; 4 teaspoons sugar; 4 teaspoons honey; 1 cup mascarpone cheese; 1 teaspoon orange liqueur | INSTRUCTIONS: Line 1 large baking sheet with parchment paper. Place the sheet of puff pastry on a floured surface and cut into 4 even squares. Separate the squares and leave some room between them on the baking sheet. Create a border around the inside of each square by scoring about 1/2-inch around the inside the square. Prick the dough inside the small square. Cover and refrigerate at least 30 minutes and up to 1 day. Position 1 rack in top third and 1 rack in bottom third of oven and preheat to 400 degrees F. On each pastry square, overlap slices of apple and nectarine, within the border. Brush fruit on e <END>
INPUT: water, salt, long grain rice, almonds, dark raisins
OUTPUT: TITLE: Rice with Almonds and Raisins | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cups water; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 3/4 cup long-grain rice; 1/4 cup slices almonds, toasted golden; 2 tablespoons dark raisins; 2 teaspoons unsalted butter, melted; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh flat-leafed parsley leaves (wash and dry before chopping) | INSTRUCTIONS: In a small heavy saucepan bring water to a boil. Add salt and rice and cook, covered, over low heat 15 minutes, or until water is absorbed and rice is tender. Stir in almonds, raisins, and butter and let stand, covered, 5 minutes. Stir in parsley and season with salt and pepper. In a small heavy saucepan bring water to a boil. Add salt and rice and cook, covered, over low heat 15 minutes, or until water is absorbed and rice is tender. Stir in almonds, raisins, and butter and let stand, covered, 5 minutes. Stir in parsley and season with salt and pepper. <END>
INPUT: Indian, creamed, Salt pepper, chicken stock, curry powder, heavy cream
OUTPUT: TITLE: Curry Creamed Chicken with Couscous Salad | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 4 (8-ounce) skinless, boneless, chicken breasts; Salt and pepper; 1 1/2 cups chicken stock; 1 tablespoon curry powder; 1/2 cup heavy cream; Couscous Salad, recipe follows; 8 sprigs fresh cilantro, for garnish; 1 1/4 cups quick cooking couscous; 1 1/2 cups chicken stock, boiling hot; 1/2 cup raisins, chopped; 1/2 cup pitted kalamata olives, chopped; 1 medium shallot, minced; 2 tablespoons fresh cilantro leaves, chopped; 3 tablespoons fresh mint leaves, chopped; 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Season the chicken breasts on both sides with salt and pepper. Using a wide saucepan, heat the stock to a simmer over medium heat. Place the chicken breasts in the pan. Poach uncovered for approximately 5 minutes; then flip the breasts and poach for 5 minutes more. The chicken will be done when it is firm to the touch; you may cut 1 open just to be sure. Remove the chicken from the pan and set aside on a plate. Cover with foil to keep warm. Turn the heat to high and reduce the stock until 2 tablespoons remain. Add the curry powder and stir; then add the heavy cream. Cook the cream mixture for  <END>
INPUT: Asian, vegetable oil, mustard seeds mustard, gingerroot, turmeric, cauliflower
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cauliflower with Ginger and Mustard Seeds | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons vegetable oil; 2 teaspoons yellow mustard seeds or black mustard seeds (available at East Indian markets and some specialty foods shops); 2 teaspoons grated peeled fresh gingerroot; 1/2 teaspoon turmeric; 1 large head cauliflower (about 1 3/4 to 2 pounds), cut into in small 1-inch florets; 1 1/2 teaspoons fresh lemon juice; 3 tablespoons chopped fresh coriander, optional | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large skillet, heat the oil over moderate heat until it is hot but not smoking; cook the mustard seeds, covered, stirring occasionally, until the popping subsides. Add the gingerroot and the turmeric and cook the mixture, stirring, for 30 seconds. Add the cauliflower, stirring to coat it with the oil, and 1/2 cup water and steam the mixture, covered, adding more water a few tablespoons at a time if it evaporates, until the cauliflower is just tender, about 6 to 10 minutes. Season the cauliflower mixture with the lemon juice, salt, and pepper and stir in the coriander, if using.; <END>
INPUT: American, spritz, cookies, lemon zest, egg yolk, heavy cream, all purpose flour
OUTPUT: TITLE: Rosemary-Cheese Spritz Cookies | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup (2 sticks) unsalted butter; 1 teaspoon finely grated lemon zest; 1 large egg yolk; 6 tablespoons heavy cream; 1 3/4 cups all-purpose flour; 3/4 cup finely grated Pecorino cheese; 1/2 cup finely grated Parmesan cheese; 1 tablespoon sugar; 2 teaspoons minced fresh rosemary leaves; 1 teaspoons fine salt; Pinch freshly ground nutmeg | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: Cookie Press Bring all ingredients to room temperature. Beat the butter and lemon zest with an electric mixer at medium speed until smooth, about 30 seconds. Slowly beat in the egg yolk and cream. Whisk the flour, pecorino, 1/4 cup of the Parmesan, sugar, rosemary, salt, and nutmeg together in a bowl. Gradually add the flour mixture into the butter mixture while mixing slowly. Scrape down the sides of the bowl, then beat on medium speed to make a slightly sticky dough. Fill the cookie press with the dough. Assemble the press with the desired disk shape (see cook's note), and <END>
INPUT: herbs, virgin olive oil, zucchini, scallions, garlic, vegetable stock
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sauteed Zucchini with Garlic and Herbs | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 2 large or 3 medium zucchini, sliced 1/4-inch thick; 2 scallions, chopped; 1 teaspoon crushed garlic; 2/3 cup vegetable stock; 2 tablespoons Garlic and Herb Sauce Mix (recommended: Knorr); 2 tablespoons finely chopped flat-leaf parsley; Salt; Freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large skillet, heat oil, over medium-high heat. Add zucchini, scallions, and garlic. Saute for 6 to 8 minutes, or until zucchini is tender. Slowly pour in vegetable stock. Stir in sauce mix and parsley. Simmer for 1 1/2 to 2 minutes. Season, to taste, with salt and pepper. <END>
INPUT: fruit, hibiscus tea, honey, apple cider, mint, apples
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fruit Cider | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 ounces hibiscus tea; 1/4 cup honey; 4 cups apple cider; 8 to 10 sprigs fresh mint; 2 apples, cut into 1 1/2-inch pieces; 2 pears, cut into 1 1/2-inch pieces; 2 oranges, sliced into half-moons | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring 4 cups water to a boil in a medium pot. Add the hibiscus tea and honey and let steep for 10 minutes. Strain out the tea and let cool completely. In a large pitcher, stir to combine the brewed tea, apple cider, mint, apples, pears and oranges. Fill glasses with ice and pour the fruit cider over to serve. <END>
INPUT: American, crumb, all purpose flour, old fashioned oats, cinnamon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Apple-Cranberry Crumb Pie | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup all purpose flour; 1/2 cup (packed) golden brown sugar; 1/3 cup old-fashioned oats; 3/4 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1/2 cup (1 stick) chilled unsalted butter, cut into small pieces; 4 large Granny Smith apples, peeled, cored, cut into 3/4-inch pieces (about 5 cups); 1 16-ounce can whole-berry cranberry sauce; 3/4 cup sugar; 1 teaspoon cornstarch; 1 purchased 9-inch deep-dish frozen pie shell, unthawed; Vanilla ice cream | INSTRUCTIONS: Make topping: Mix first 4 ingredients in medium bowl. Add butter; rub in with fingertips until mixture resembles coarse meal. Set aside. Mix first 4 ingredients in medium bowl. Add butter; rub in with fingertips until mixture resembles coarse meal. Set aside. Make filling: Place baking sheet in oven and preheat to 350°F. Toss apples, cranberry sauce, sugar and cornstarch in large bowl until well blended. Place baking sheet in oven and preheat to 350°F. Toss apples, cranberry sauce, sugar and cornstarch in large bowl until well blended. Transfer apple-cranberry filling to frozen pie shell, moun <END>
INPUT: Italian, tart, wholemilk ricotta cheese, allpurpose flour, kosher salt, ice water
OUTPUT: TITLE: Baked Spinach Ricotta Tart | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 30 ounces wholemilk ricotta cheese (4 cups); 2 cups allpurpose flour; 1 teaspoon kosher salt; 12 tablespoons (1 1/2 sticks) butter, cut into l/2inch pieces and chilled; 5 tablespoons ice water; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1 pound spinach, stemmed and cleaned; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/8 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 1/2 cup peeled and diced onion; 1 1/2 teaspoons fresh marjoram, minced; 1/4 pound prosciutto, diced (1 cup); 3 large eggs; 1/8 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg | INSTRUCTIONS: Place the ricotta in a strainer lined with cheesecloth and allow to drain over a bowl, covered and refrigerated, for 2 hours. To prepare the tart dough, combine the flour and 1/2 teaspoon of the salt in a bowl. Add the chilled butter and, using your fingertips or two knives, blend until the mixture resembles coarse meal. Work in the ice water until the dough holds together. Form the dough into a smooth, flat disk, wrap in plastic, and refrigerate for at least 1 hour. Lightly flour a clean work surface and roll the dough into a 16inch disk. Place the rolledout dough into a 10 by 2 1/2 inchdeep  <END>
INPUT: Italian, basil leaves, virgin olive oil, kosher salt, tomato puree, spicy Italian sausage
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sausage and Broccoli Pizza | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup fresh basil leaves, torn; 1/2 cup plus 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 3/4 teaspoon kosher salt; One 28-ounce can tomato puree; 1 pound spicy Italian sausage, casing removed; 1 bunch broccoli, cut into bite-size florets (about 3 cups); 3 tablespoons flour; One 16-ounce ball pizza dough; 12 ounces fresh mozzarella, sliced 1/4-inch thick; 1 cup Parmesan | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. In a medium bowl, combine the basil, 1/2 cup of the olive oil, the salt and tomato puree. Stir together until combined. Cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate for at least 3 hours to allow the flavors to marry. Preheat the oven to 500 degrees F. Place a rack on the highest level and leave space on the bottom of the oven for easy access. Heat a large skillet over high heat. Add the remaining 2 tablespoons olive oil and the sausage and cook, breaking apart with a wooden spoon to form bite-size pieces, until golden brown and cooked through, about 10 minutes. Add th <END>
INPUT: Italian, pesto, walnuts, garlic, kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fusilli with Spicy Pesto | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup chopped walnuts; 2 cloves garlic, coarsely chopped; 1 (2-inch long) red or green jalapeno pepper, stemmed and coarsely chopped* see Cook's Note; 2 cups grated (4 ounces) Asiago cheese; 2 teaspoons kosher salt; 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 3 ounces baby spinach; 3 ounces arugula; 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 1 pound fusilli pasta; 4 ounces Asiago cheese, shaved | INSTRUCTIONS: For the pesto: In a food processor, combine the walnuts, garlic, jalapeno, cheese, salt and pepper. Process until the mixture is smooth. Add the spinach and arugula and process until blended. With the machine running, gradually add the olive oil. Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil over high heat. Add the pasta and cook until tender but still firm to the bite, stirring occasionally, about 8 to 10 minutes. Drain and reserve about 1 cup of the pasta water. Place the cooked pasta and pesto in a large serving bowl. Toss well and thin out the sauce with a little pasta water, if needed. Seas <END>
INPUT: Indian, pancake, topping, long grain rice, Monterey Jack cheese, Serrano chili, olive oil, egg
OUTPUT: TITLE: Brown Rice Pancake with Lentil Topping | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cups long grain brown rice; 1/2 cup shredded Monterey Jack cheese; 1 Serrano chili, minced; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1 large egg; 1/4 cup sliced green onions; 1/2 cup diced carrots; 2 teaspoons salt; 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 2 tablespoons minced garlic; 2 tablespoons lime juice; 1 tablespoon minced canned Chipotle chilies in adobo sauce; 8 ounces lentils; 3 cups vegetable stock; 1/2 cup finely diced jicama | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook rice in large pot of boiling salted water until tender, about 45 minutes. Drain. Transfer rice to large bowl. Add cheese and serrano and stir until cheese melts. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Cool. Stir in egg. Heat 1 tablespoon oil in heavy large saucepan over medium heat. Add green onion, carrots, salt and pepper and stir until tender but not brown. Add garlic and stir 1 minute. Add lime juice and chipotles. Increase heat and boil until most of liquid evaporates. Add lentils and stock. Bring to boil. Reduce heat and simmer until lentils are tender but not mushy, about 20 minutes <END>
INPUT: Mexican, salad, quinoa, beans, wine vinegar, corn, bell pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Quinoa and Black Bean Salad | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cups quinoa (small disk-shaped seeds)*; 1 1/2 cups cooked black beans, rinsed if canned; 1 1/2 tablespoons red-wine vinegar; 1 1/2 cups cooked corn (cut from about 2 large ears); 3/4 cup finely chopped green bell pepper; 2 pickled jalapeño chilies, seeded and minced (wear rubber gloves); 1/4 cup finely chopped fresh coriander; 5 tablespoons fresh lime juice, or to taste; 1 teaspoon salt; 1 1/4 teaspoons ground cumin, or to taste; 1/3 cup olive oil; *available at specialty foods shops and natural foods stores | INSTRUCTIONS: In a bowl wash quinoa in at least 5 changes cold water, rubbing grains and letting them settle before pouring off most of water, until water runs clear and drain in a large fine sieve. In a saucepan of salted boiling water cook quinoa 10 minutes. Drain quinoa in sieve and rinse under cold water. Set sieve over a saucepan of boiling water (quinoa should not touch water) and steam quinoa, covered with a kitchen towel and lid, until fluffy and dry, about 10 minutes (check water level in kettle occasionally, adding water if necessary). While quinoa is cooking, in a small bowl toss beans with vineg <END>
INPUT: tsatsiki, fennel bulb fronds, fennel seeds, garlic, lemon, plain yogurt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fennel Tsatsiki | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 medium fennel bulb with fronds (sometimes called anise; about 3/4 pound); 1 teaspoon fennel seeds; 2 garlic cloves; 1 lemon; 2 cups plain yogurt (16 ounces); 1 1/2 teaspoons salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Trim fennel stalks flush with bulb, reserving fronds and discarding stalks, and trim any discolored outer layers. Halve bulb lengthwise and discard core. Finely chop fronds and bulb. In a dry small skillet toast fennel seeds over moderate heat, shaking skillet, until fragrant and a shade darker. In an electric coffee/spice grinder grind seeds. Mince garlic and squeeze juice from lemon. In a large bowl stir together chopped fennel, ground fennel seeds, garlic, yogurt, salt, and lemon juice to taste. Tsatsiki may be made 3 days ahead and chilled, covered. Trim fennel stalks flush with bulb, rese <END>
INPUT: Italian, risotto, Kosher salt, leeks, unsalted butter, arborio rice, wine
OUTPUT: TITLE: Risotto With Pesto and Peas | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: Kosher salt; 3 leeks (white and light green parts only), thinly sliced; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1 cup arborio rice; 1/2 cup dry white wine (optional); 1 cup frozen peas, thawed; 3/4 cup diced ham; 3/4 cup pesto (store-bought or reserved from Pesto Pork With Polenta, recipe follows); 1 cup small fresh mozzarella balls or diced fresh mozzarella; 1/2 cup grated parmesan cheese; 2 cups fresh parsley leaves (about 1 bunch); 2 cups fresh basil leaves (about 1 bunch); 2 1/2 cups coarsely chopped scallions (about 2 bunches); 4 cloves garlic (2 whole, 2 thinly sliced); 2 teaspoons Worcestershire sauce | INSTRUCTIONS: Make the broth: Bring 6 cups water and 1 teaspoon salt to a simmer in a medium saucepan over medium heat. Add the leeks and cook until tender, 3 to 4 minutes; remove with a slotted spoon to a bowl. Adjust the heat to keep the broth at a gentle simmer. Meanwhile, heat 1 tablespoon butter in a wide saucepan over medium-high heat. Add the rice and cook, stirring, 1 minute. Add the wine and cook, stirring, until almost evaporated, about 1 more minute. Add 2 cups of the hot leek broth to the rice; cook, stirring occasionally, until almost absorbed, about 6 minutes (adjust the heat to keep the risot <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, strudel, apples, cried cranberries cherries, sugar, cinnamon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Apple Phyllo Strudel | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 6 green apples, peeled, cored, and sliced (about 2 pounds apples); 1/2 cup cried cranberries or dried cherries (about 2 1/2 ounces); 1/2 cup packed brown sugar; 1 teaspoon cinnamon; 6 (1216-inch) sheets phyllo dough; butter-flavored nonstick cooking spray, or a mixture of 1 teaspoon melted butter and 1 teaspoon almond oil; 1/2 cup amaretti crumbs or graham cracker crumbs; 12 ounces nonfat vanilla yogurt or frozen vanilla yogurt; 12 mint sprigs; 36 raspberries; cinnamon cream | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees. Combine the apples, dried cranberries, brown sugar and cinnamon in a saucepan and cook for about 10 minutes or until tender. Let stand for 10 minutes to cool. 2. Layer 2 sheets of the phyllo on a work surface and spray with nonstick cooking spray; sprinkle with cookie crumbs. Repeat the layers 2 times with the remaining sheets. Spread the apple mixture over the phyllo. Roll the phyllo from the 12-inch side to enclose the filling. 3. Place the roll on a baking sheet sprayed with nonstick cooking spray. Bake for 25 minutes. Cool for 10 minutes before slicing t <END>
INPUT: Asian, vegetable oil, garlic, shallots, prawns
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chile-Lemongrass Prawns | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon vegetable oil; 1 tablespoon peeled, chopped fresh ginger; 3 cloves garlic, chopped; 2 shallots, chopped; 36 prawns (16 to 20 count), peeled and deveined, heads on, if desired; 1/2 cup mirin; 2 tablespoons very finely minced lemongrass; 1/2 cup chicken stock; 1/4 cup sweet hot chile sauce or mae ploy; Soy sauce | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat the vegetable oil in a wok or very large saute pan over very high heat until very hot. Add the ginger, garlic, and shallots, and saute for 1 minute. Add the prawns and cook just until they start to turn pink, 2 to 3 minutes. Add the mirin and lemongrass, and cook, stirring often, 2 to 3 minutes longer. Add the stock and chile sauce, and cook until the prawns are just cooked through. Season, to taste, with soy sauce. Serve warm. <END>
INPUT: chicken, olive oil, russet potatoes, garlic, turmeric
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken with Raisins and Lemon | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 3 1/2-pound chicken, cut into 8 pieces; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 2 large russet potatoes, peeled, cut into 1 1/2-inch chunks; 2 teaspoons minced garlic; 1 1/2 teaspoons ground turmeric; 1 large lemon, peel and white pith cut away, very thinly sliced; 1/2 cup raisins; 3 1/2 cups (about) canned low-salt chicken broth; 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice | INSTRUCTIONS: Arrange chicken in single layer in large Dutch oven. Drizzle oil over. Tuck potatoes between chicken pieces. Sprinkle with garlic and turmeric. Season with salt and pepper. Lay lemon slices over. Sprinkle with raisins. Pour over enough broth barely to cover chicken. Bring to boil over high heat. Cover and boil 10 minutes. Uncover; reduce heat to medium and simmer until chicken is just cooked through and potatoes are tender, about 30 minutes. Transfer chicken and potatoes to platter. Tent with foil to keep warm. Add lemon juice to Dutch oven. Boil cooking liquid until thickened to light sauce c <END>
INPUT: boxty, aioli, Yukon Gold potatoes, wine vinegar, garlic, Kosher salt, eggs
OUTPUT: TITLE: Boxty with Seared Lamb Loin and Whole-Grain Mustard Aioli | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 8 Yukon Gold potatoes; 2 to 3 tablespoons white wine vinegar; 1 clove garlic, smashed; Kosher salt; 2 eggs; Olive oil, for frying; 2 lamb loins; Kosher salt; 3/4 cup whole-grain mustard, plus more for brushing the lamb; Olive oil, for coating pan; 3/4 cup mayonnaise; 1 tablespoon chopped chives; 1 tablespoon chopped parsley | INSTRUCTIONS: For the boxty pancakes: Preheat the oven to 200 degrees F. Grate 5 of the potatoes on the largest holes of a box grater. Toss with the vinegar and squeeze out the excess water between paper towels. Cut the remaining 3 potatoes into 6 pieces each. Place them in a saucepan with the garlic and cover with water by about 1 inch, sprinkling generously with salt. Bring to a boil, reduce to a simmer and cook until the potatoes are fork tender, 10 to 12 minutes. Drain. While still hot, pass the potatoes through a food mill or mash with a potato masher. Combine the grated potatoes with the mashed potato <END>
INPUT: Italian, ricotta cheese, sugar, vanilla extract, lemon peel, unsalted butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Pears with Ricotta and Honey | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup fresh ricotta cheese; 5 tablespoons sugar, divided; 1/4 teaspoon vanilla extract; 1/2 teaspoon finely grated lemon peel; 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened, divided; 1/2 cup whole almonds; 1/4 cup Grade B maple syrup; 1/2 teaspoon fennel seeds; 3 Bartlett pears; 2 tablespoons honey | INSTRUCTIONS: Place ricotta in cheesecloth-lined strainer set over medium bowl. Fold cheesecloth over; drain overnight in refrigerator. Puree drained ricotta, 1 tablespoon sugar, vanilla, and lemon peel in processor until smooth. Transfer ricotta mixture to small bowl. Cover and chill. DO AHEAD: Can be made 1 day ahead. Keep chilled. Line rimmed baking sheet with foil. Melt 1 tablespoon butter in small skillet. Add almonds; toss until golden, about 3 minutes. Add maple syrup and sprinkle with salt. Stir until coated and slightly darker brown, about 1 minute. Spoon mixture onto prepared baking sheet. Separat <END>
INPUT: oatmeal, plain almond milk, fully ripened bananas, pure almond extract, pure vanilla extract, Kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: "Hot Chocolate" Banana-Nut Oatmeal | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups plain almond milk; 2 fully-ripened large bananas (1 1/2 diced and 1/2 thinly sliced crosswise); 1/4 teaspoon pure almond extract; 1/4 teaspoon pure vanilla extract; Kosher salt; 2 cups old-fashioned rolled oats; 2 tablespoons unsweetened cocoa powder; 2 tablespoons honey or agave nectar; 1/3 cup toasted and chopped walnuts; Pinch ground cinnamon; 2 tablespoons semisweet chocolate chips | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring the almond milk, 1 3/4 cups water, the diced bananas, almond and vanilla extracts and pinch of salt to a boil in a large saucepan over high heat. Stir in the oats, cocoa powder and 1 tablespoon of the honey and reduce the heat to medium. Cook, stirring frequently, until the oats are fully cooked to desired consistency, 6 to 7 minutes. Transfer to 4 bowls, top with the sliced bananas, walnuts, the remaining 1 tablespoon honey, cinnamon and chocolate chips and serve. <END>
INPUT: mousse, free range egg, caster sugar, cornflour, heaped unsweetened cocoa, fluid milliliters milk
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate Mousse with Cocoa Nibs | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 free-range egg yolks; 2 ounces/50 grams caster sugar (superfine); 1 ounce/20 grams cornflour (cornstarch); 1 heaped tablespoon unsweetened cocoa powder; 9 fluid ounces/250 milliliters whole milk; 3 free-range egg whites; 2 ounces/50 grams icing sugar (confectioners'); Couple drops lemon juice; Pinch of salt; 5 1/2 ounces/150 grams dark chocolate, finely chopped; 7 fluid ounces/200 milliliters whipping cream; 2 tablespoons soft butter; 2 ounces/50 grams cocoa nibs | INSTRUCTIONS: For the creme patissiere: Whisk the egg yolks with the sugar until pale and thick, and then whisk in the cornstarch. Add the cocoa powder to the milk and bring to a boil; switch off the heat. Pour the milk in a slow stream onto the egg mixture, whisking vigorously all the time. (Pour slowly to avoid scrambling the eggs.) Return the mixture to a clean pot over a medium heat and whisk continuously. Make sure to scrape the sides and the bottom, otherwise it will burn. The cream will start to thicken. Once it releases a bubble or two, take it off the heat. Pour into a shallow bowl. Cover with clin <END>
INPUT: shortbread, maple sugar, coarse kosher salt, all purpose flour
OUTPUT: TITLE: Maple and Chocolate Chip Shortbread | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 cup (1 1/2 sticks) unsalted butter, room temperature, plus additional for pan; 7 tablespoons finely ground maple sugar, divided; 1/4 teaspoon coarse kosher salt; 1 1/2 cups all purpose flour; 1/4 cup (about) bittersweet chocolate chips; 2 teaspoons pure maple syrup (preferably Grade B); Test kitchen tip: If maple sugar is coarse, grind it in a food processor until it resembles granulated sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 300°F. Butter 9-inch diameter tart pan with removable bottom. Using electric mixer, beat room-temperature butter, 6 tablespoons maple sugar, and coarse salt in large bowl until light and fluffy and sugar is dissolved. Add flour and beat just until blended. Pat dough evenly onto bottom of prepared pan. Press chocolate chips into dough in random pattern, spacing chips 1/2 inch apart (chips should show). Brush dough with maple syrup and sprinkle evenly with remaining 1 tablespoon maple sugar. Bake shortbread until golden brown and firm to touch, about 55 minutes. Transfer pan to r <END>
INPUT: beer, garlic, sugar, Dijon mustard, olive oil, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Beer-Braised Brisket | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 garlic cloves; 2 tablespoons brown sugar; 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1 tablespoon freshly ground black pepper; 1 tablespoon ground cumin; 1 tablespoon paprika; 1 teaspoon cayenne pepper; 1/4 cup kosher salt, plus more; 1 8–10-lb. untrimmed flat-cut brisket; 2 onions, thinly sliced; 1 12 ounce can lager | INSTRUCTIONS: Finely chop garlic in a food processor. Add brown sugar, mustard, oil, black pepper, cumin, paprika, cayenne, and 1/4 cup salt and process until smooth. Rub all over brisket, working into crevices. Wrap in plastic; chill 1–2 days. Let meat sit out until room temperature, about 1 hour. Preheat oven to 325°. Scatter onions in a large roasting pan and set brisket, fat side up, on top. Add beer; cover with foil. Braise until meat is very tender, 5–6 hours. Remove from oven; heat broiler. Broil brisket, uncovered, until top is browned and crisp, 5–10 minutes. Let brisket cool slightly. Remove from  <END>
INPUT: asparagus, unsalted butter, lemon juice, salt, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Asparagus with Lemon and Butter | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 pounds medium to large asparagus, trimmed; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 1/8 teaspoon black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Peel lower half to two thirds of each asparagus stalk with a vegetable peeler. Cook asparagus in a wide 6- to 8-quart pot of boiling salted water, uncovered, until just tender, 5 to 7 minutes. Drain well in a colander, then return to pot and toss with butter, lemon juice, salt, and pepper. Peel lower half to two thirds of each asparagus stalk with a vegetable peeler. Cook asparagus in a wide 6- to 8-quart pot of boiling salted water, uncovered, until just tender, 5 to 7 minutes. Drain well in a colander, then return to pot and toss with butter, lemon juice, salt, and pepper. <END>
INPUT: mighty, lemon flavored vodka, Cointreau, lemon juice, simple syrup, ice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mighty Lemon Drop | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 ounces lemon-flavored vodka (a.k.a. Citron); 2 ounces Cointreau, or triple sec; 4 tablespoons freshly squeezed lemon juice; 2 teaspoons simple syrup, or to taste (equal amounts of sugar and water heated until sugar dissolves); 2 cups ice; 1 lemon or 4 candy lemon drops or jelly lemon slices | INSTRUCTIONS: Fill a martini shaker or a large glass with ice. Add vodka, Cointreau, lemon juice and simple syrup and shake or stir. Strain into chilled martini glasses. Garnish with a candy lemon drop or a lemon twist. <END>
INPUT: American, Venison Loin, goat cheese, olive oil, wine, sour cherries
OUTPUT: TITLE: Goat Cheese Stuffed Venison Loin | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 Venison Loin, approximately 3 pounds; 1 cup goat cheese; 1 tablespoon olive oil; 1 cup red wine; 1/2 cup dry sour cherries; 1/2 cup chopped black walnuts; 1/2 cup sugar; 1 tablespoon butter | INSTRUCTIONS: Place venison loin. Cut a small hole in each end of the loin with a long boning knife and using a clean sharpening steel widen the hole to extend the length of the loin. Using a wooden spoon stuff goat cheese into the loin, completely filling the space. In a saute pan over high heat, add a tablespoon of olive oil and heat until smoking hot. Place venison chops in the pan to achieve a nice sear. 2 minutes on each side. Set aside and reserve. In same pan, deglaze with red wine and reduce by half. Incorporate sour cherries, black walnuts, and sugar. Reduce to a glaze and finish with butter.; <END>
INPUT: chrysanthemum, onions, vegetable oil deep, milk, all purpose flour, fine bread crumbs
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fried "Chrysanthemum" Onions | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 medium onions; 2 quarts vegetable oil for deep-frying; 1/3 cup milk; 1/4 cup all-purpose flour; 1/2 cup fine dry bread crumbs; 1 large egg | INSTRUCTIONS: Trim root end of 1 onion flush and cut 1/2-inch slice from opposite end. Repeat procedure with remaining onion. Stand 1 onion on cutting board, root end up, and with tip of a paring knife inserted just outside of root base, make vertical cuts through onion at 1/4-inch intervals, rotating through onion as you go and leaving root end intact. Repeat procedure with remaining onion. Turn onions root end down and gently open cuts to form chrysanthemum shape. In a 4-quart heavy saucepan heat oil over moderate heat until a deep-fat thermometer registers 375°F. Put milk and flour in 2 separate small bo <END>
INPUT: fries, canola oil, russet potatoes, unsalted butter, garlic, Parmesan
OUTPUT: TITLE: Garlic Fries | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 cups canola oil, for frying; 3 russet potatoes; 3 tablespoons unsalted butter; 2 tablespoons chopped garlic; 2 tablespoons Parmesan; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley; Kosher salt | INSTRUCTIONS: In a deep heavy pot or a deep fryer, add the oil and heat to 325 degrees F. Cut the potatoes lengthwise into 1/4-inch sticks. Put them in a bowl of cold water and let soak for 15 minutes. Drain and dry them well. Carefully drop the potatoes, in batches, in the hot oil. Cook until golden brown and cooked through, about 5 minutes. Drain well on brown paper. Let cool. Increase the oil temperature to 350 degrees F. When you are ready to serve, fry the potatoes again in the hotter oil until golden brown and crispy, 3 to 5 minutes. Drain well on brown paper. Meanwhile, in a small pot, melt the butte <END>
INPUT: American, fork, onion, virgin olive oil, Four eye steaks, seasoned salt, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fork Steak | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 medium yellow onion, chopped; Extra-virgin olive oil, for drizzling; Four 10 to 12-ounce rib eye steaks; 1 teaspoon seasoned salt, such as Lawry's; Freshly ground black pepper; 1/4 cup chopped garlic; Balsamic vinegar, for drizzling; One 12-ounce can beer (not light beer); 6 button mushrooms; 2 red bell peppers, chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Spread the chopped onions in the bottom of a large baking dish and drizzle with olive oil. Rub the steaks with the seasoned salt, pepper and garlic and place on top of the onions in a single layer. Drizzle the steaks with olive oil and balsamic vinegar. Pour the beer over the steaks and tuck the mushrooms and peppers around the steaks. Roast the steaks in the oven for 30 to 45 minutes. This recipe was created by a contestant during a cooking competition. The Food Network Kitchens have not tested it for home use, therefore, we cannot make any representation as <END>
INPUT: virgin olive oil, cipolline, long slender carrots, celery, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken in Riesling with Prunes and Cabbage | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil, divided; 16 small cipolline, shallots, or boiling onions, peeled, trimmed; 5 long slender carrots, peeled, cut into 2-inch lengths; 4 celery stalks, cut into 2-inch lengths; 3 whole heads of garlic, papery outside removed, cloves separated, unpeeled; 1 4-pound chicken (preferably organic), rinsed, patted dry, legs tied together to hold shape; 6 fresh thyme sprigs; 6 fresh Italian parsley sprigs; 3 fresh rosemary sprigs; 1 tablespoon grated lemon peel; 16 pitted prunes; 1/2 small green cabbage, cut into 4 wedges with some core on each; 1 cup low-salt chicken broth; 1/2 cup Alsatian Riesling | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 450°F. Heat 2 tablespoons oil in heavy large skillet over medium-high heat. Add cipolline, carrots, celery, and garlic. Sprinkle with salt and pepper. Sauté until vegetables are lightly browned, about 8 minutes. Transfer to heavy large pot; push vegetables to sides. Heat 2 tablespoons oil in same skillet over medium-high heat. Sprinkle chicken generously with salt and pepper. Add to skillet and brown on all sides, turning often with wooden spoons, about 10 minutes. Place chicken, breast side up, in center of vegetable mixture in pot. Arrange fresh herbs, lemon peel, and prunes  <END>
INPUT: American, turkey legs, Worcestershire sauce, vegetable oil, Rub, Mop
OUTPUT: TITLE: Smoked Turkey Legs | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 6 turkey legs; 3 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce; 1 tablespoon vegetable oil; Dry Rub, recipe follows; Mop, recipe follows; Your favorite BBQ Sauce, as needed, (recommended: North of the Border Chipotle BBQ Sauce); 1/4 cup chipotle seasoning, (recommended: North of the Border Chipotle Seasoning); 1 to 2 tablespoons mild dried ground red chili or paprika; 1 tablespoon packed brown sugar; 1 cup white vinegar; 1 tablespoon BBQ Sauce, (recommended: North of the Border Chipotle Barbecue Sauce); 1 tablespoon vegetable oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Several hours before planning on barbecuing, loosen the skin on the turkey legs by running your fingers under it as far as possible without tearing the skin. Combine the Worcestershire sauce and the oil. Coat your fingers with the mixture and rub really well into the turkey legs, getting as much as you can under the skin. Sprinkle the dry rub over the skin, liberally rubbing into the turkey legs and under the skin. Place the legs in plastic bags and refrigerate. Prepare the smoker for barbecuing, bringing the temperature to 200 to 220 degrees F. Remove the turkey legs from the refrigerator and <END>
INPUT: Italian, meatballs, plain bread crumbs, milk, eggs, Romano, turkey
OUTPUT: TITLE: Penne with Turkey Meatballs | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup plain dried bread crumbs; 2 tablespoons whole milk; 2 large eggs, lightly beaten; 3/4 cup grated Romano; 1 pound ground turkey, preferably dark meat; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 5 cups tomato sauce, recipe follows; 1 pound dried penne pasta; 1/2 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 1 small onion, chopped; 2 cloves garlic, chopped; 1 stalk celery, chopped; 1 carrot, chopped; Sea salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large bowl add bread crumbs milk and mix until well combined. Mix in eggs and 1/2 cup Romano cheese and mix well. Add turkey and gently combine, being careful not to overwork the meat. Season with salt and pepper. Shape into golf-size balls. In a large skillet heat the oil over medium high heat. When almost smoking, add meatballs and without moving or turning the meat, allow it to brown for about 3 minutes. Turn meatballs and brown other side. Continue to cook until all sides are golden brown, about 8 minutes total. Add tomato sauce and bring to a boil. Lower heat and allow meatballs to s <END>
INPUT: Brussels sprouts, baby carrots, olive oil, unsalted butter, shallots
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sprouts, Squash and 'Shrooms | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pint Brussels sprouts, tough outer leaves removed and halved from top to bottom; 1 pound baby carrots; 1 tablespoon olive oil; 1 tablespoon unsalted butter; 2 shallots, sliced; 2 cloves garlic, gently crushed with the side of a knife and minced; 1 pint (about 6 ounces) white mushrooms, brushed clean, trimmed, and halved if medium or sliced, if large (leave whole if small); 1 cup white wine; 5 or 6 small pattypan squash, quartered (choose those that are light green but heavy for their size); 1/3 cup hoisin sauce, at room temperature | INSTRUCTIONS: Steam Brussels sprouts until they just begin to get tender, but are still bright green. Remove from heat and set aside. Boil baby carrots in salted water until just tender. Do not over cook. Remove from heat, drain and set aside. In a large skillet or saute pan, heat the olive oil and butter over medium-high heat. Add the shallots and garlic and cook until the shallots are translucent. Add the mushrooms and cook until they begin to become tender and release their juices. Let cook for a few minutes to allow flavors to blend. Deglaze the pan with the white wine and add the pattypan squash. reduc <END>
INPUT: herb, salad, tomatoes, garlic, scallion, virgin olive oil, wine vinegar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken Paillards With Herb-Tomato Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 ripe medium tomatoes (1 red and 1 yellow), cored and roughly chopped (about 1 1/2 cups); 1 clove garlic, peeled and smashed; 1 scallion (white and green parts), thinly sliced; 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, plus additional for brushing; 2 teaspoons red wine vinegar; 2 teaspoons kosher salt, plus additional for seasoning; Freshly ground black pepper; 1/3 cup torn fresh basil; 3 tablespoons roughly chopped fresh tarragon; 3 tablespoons roughly chopped fresh flat-leaf parsley; 4 chicken paillards, about 6 ounces each (see chef's note, below) | INSTRUCTIONS: Prepare an outdoor grill with a hot fire. Toss the tomatoes, garlic, scallion, the 3 tablespoons olive oil, vinegar, the 2 teaspoons salt, and black pepper to taste in a medium bowl. Add all the herbs to the bowl but don't toss. Brush the chicken paillards lightly with olive oil and season with salt and black pepper to taste. Grill the chicken, turning once, until cooked through, about 2 minutes per side. Stir the herbs into the tomatoes. Put a paillard on each of 4 plates, spoon some herb-tomato salad on top (watch out for the smashed garlic-you might want to remove it), and serve. <END>
INPUT: ivan, oysters, rice vinegar, soy sauce, mirin, leek
OUTPUT: TITLE: Ivan's Oysters | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 24 oysters, refrigerated; 3 tablespoons rice vinegar; 1 tablespoon soy sauce; 2 teaspoons mirin; 2 tablespoons minced leek, pale green portion only | INSTRUCTIONS: Reserve the oysters refrigerated until ready to open. Make the sauce by stirring together the vinegar, soy sauce, mirin, and leek. Open the oysters and arrange on a platter. Spoon about half a teaspoon of the sauce onto each oyster, and serve immediately. <END>
INPUT: olive oil, leeks, shallots, garlic, mussels
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sauteed Mussels | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1/4 cup chopped leeks; 2 shallots, chopped; 2 cloves garlic, chopped; 2 pounds mussels; 1/3 cup white wine; 1/2 lemon, peeled and diced; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 tablespoons butter; 2 tomatoes, chopped; 1 teaspoon minced fresh thyme, or more to taste; 1 tablespoon minced fresh parsley, or more to taste | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large saucepan, heat olive oil over medium heat. Add leeks, shallots, garlic, mussels, white wine, and lemon and saute over until the mussels open. Season with salt and pepper, and then add butter and tomatoes. Continue cooking until the butter is melted, carefully tossing to combine. Sprinkle with thyme and parsley, adding more, to taste, if desired. Serve immediately. <END>
INPUT: stock, chicken carcasses necks, canola oil, carrots, onion, celery
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken Stock | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 pounds chicken carcasses and/or necks and backs; 1 tablespoon canola oil; 3 medium carrots, peeled and chopped; 2 cups chopped onion; 2 cups chopped celery; 1 1/2 teaspoons dried thyme; 8 peppercorns; 1 bay leaf | INSTRUCTIONS: Rinse chicken bones and pieces. Pat them dry and set aside. Heat oil in a large stockpot over medium heat. Add vegetables and cook, stirring frequently, for about 5 minutes, or until just softened. Stir in chicken carcasses and/or pieces, thyme, peppercorns, and bay leaf. When well combined, add 1 gallon of water. Bring to a boil, then lower heat and simmer for about 3 hours, occasionally skimming off scum, or until liquid is reduced to 8 cups. Strain through a fine sieve, pushing on solids to extract as much liquid as possible. Discard solids. Allow stock to cool slightly, spooning off fat as <END>
INPUT: gratin, tomatoes, garlic, chives, Marsala, breadcrumbs made from
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tomato Gratin with White Cheddar Breadcrumbs | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 28-ounce can whole tomatoes, well drained; 4 large garlic cloves, minced; 3 tablespoons chopped fresh chives; 2 tablespoons dry Marsala; 1 cup fresh breadcrumbs made from French bread; 1 cup grated white cheddar cheese; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350°F. Mix tomatoes, garlic, 2 1/2 tablespoons chives, and Marsala in bowl to blend; season to taste with salt and pepper. Transfer to 8-inch-diameter gratin dish with 1 1/2-inch-high sides. Mix breadcrumbs, cheese, and olive oil in large bowl to blend. Season topping to taste with salt and pepper. Sprinkle topping over tomatoes. Bake until juices bubble and topping is golden brown, about 40 minutes. Let stand 10 minutes. Sprinkle with remaining 1/2 tablespoon chives and serve. Preheat oven to 350°F. Mix tomatoes, garlic, 2 1/2 tablespoons chives, and Marsala in bowl to blend;  <END>
INPUT: American, tart, all purpose flour, sugar, lemon, fine sea salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fig and Almond Tart | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cups all-purpose flour; 2 tablespoons sugar, plus 1 tablespoon; 1 lemon, zested; 1/4 teaspoon fine sea salt; 10 tablespoons (1 1/4 sticks) unsalted butter, chilled and cut into 1/2-inch pieces; 3 tablespoons ice water; 3 1/2 ounces almond paste, at room temperature, cut into 1/2-inch pieces; 1/3 cup mascarpone cheese, at room temperature; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; 2 tablespoons honey; 6 large or 12 small fresh figs, sliced, stems removed or 20 dried figs, reconstituted *see Cook's Note; 1/4 cup apricot jam | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Combine the flour, 2 tablespoons sugar, lemon zest, and salt in the bowl of a food processor. Pulse until blended. Add the butter and pulse until the mixture resembles coarse meal. With the machine running, gradually add the water until moist clumps form. Turn the mixture out onto a work surface and form into a ball. Flatten the dough into a disk and wrap in plastic wrap. Chill the dough for 1 hour. In a clean food processor bowl, combine remaining sugar, almond paste, mascarpone cheese, vanilla extract, and honey. Blend until smooth. Position an oven rack in the <END>
INPUT: orange juice concentrate, Champagne vinegar wine, saffron threads, Coarse kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Striped Bass with Orange-Saffron Butter | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup (1 stick) butter, room temperature; 3 tablespoons frozen orange juice concentrate, thawed; 1/2 teaspoon Champagne vinegar or white wine vinegar; Large pinch of saffron threads; Coarse kosher salt or coarse sea salt; 6 whole farm-raised striped bass or trout (about 1 pound each), gutted, cleaned, top fin cut off; 2 large oranges; 1 juiced, 1 halved, then thinly sliced; Nonstick vegetable oil spray | INSTRUCTIONS: Whisk butter, juice concentrate, vinegar, and saffron in small saucepan to blend. Season butter to taste with coarse salt and pepper. DO AHEAD Can be made 2 days ahead. Cover and chill. Using small sharp knife, cut diagonal slits on both sides of fish at 1-inch intervals. Arrange fish on rimmed baking sheet. Sprinkle fresh orange juice and salt into slits and cavities of fish. Fill cavities with orange slices (about 3 per fish). Cover loosely and let stand at room temperature at least 30 minutes and up to 1 hour. Spray grill racks and fish generously with nonstick spray. Prepare barbecue (medi <END>
INPUT: Italian, tarte, tatin, vine ripened cherry, vegetable oil, sea salt, pepper, squidge honey superfine
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tomato and Basil Tarte Tatin | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 50 vine-ripened cherry tomatoes; 2 tbsp vegetable oil; Large pinch of sea salt; Freshly ground black pepper; 1 squidge of honey or 1 tbsp superfine sugar; Handful of bread crumbs; All-purpose flour, for dusting; 1 lb 2oz/500g homemade or store-bought puff pastry; 1 egg, lightly beaten; Small bunch of fresh basil or mint leaves; 2 tbsp extra-virgin olive oil, for drizzling | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: 8in (20cm) ovenproof skillet. If you don't have one, cook the tomatoes in a skillet, then transfer to an 8in (20cm) cake pan for baking Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). Place the tomatoes in the skillet with the vegetable oil, salt and pepper, and honey or sugar. Arrange together as tightly as possible. Sprinkle the tomatoes with the bread crumbs - this will soak up some of the juice which come out of the tomatoes during cooking. On a well-floured counter, roll out a circle of puff pastry the same size as the top of the skillet. Place the puff pastry over t <END>
INPUT: Mexican, spanish, Pure Wesson® Canola, onion, rice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spanish Rice | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons Pure Wesson® Canola Oil; 1/2 cup chopped yellow onion; 1-1/4 cups instant white rice, uncooked; 1 can (14 oz each) reduced-sodium chicken broth; 1 can (10 oz each) Ro*Tel® Mild Diced Tomatoes & Green Chilies, drained; 1/4 teaspoon chili powder; 1/4 teaspoon ground cumin | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. Heat oil in medium saucepan over medium-high heat. Add onion; cook 2 to 3 minutes or until tender, stirring occasionally. Add rice; cook 1 to 2 minutes more or until rice is browned lightly, stirring frequently. 2. Add broth, drained tomatoes, chili powder and cumin to saucepan; stir to combine. Bring to a boil. Cover, reduce heat and simmer 5 minutes or until liquid is absorbed. <END>
INPUT: Asian, salad, low sodium soy, rice wine vinegar, ginger, sugar, sesame oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sesame Tofu Salad | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup low-sodium soy sauce; 1/4 cup rice wine vinegar, plus more if needed; 2 tablespoons minced fresh ginger; 2 tablespoons brown sugar, plus more if needed; 3/4 teaspoon toasted sesame oil; Pinch red pepper flakes; 2 cloves garlic, minced; 2/3 cup plus 2 tablespoons olive oil; One 14-ounce package extra-firm tofu, cut into cubes; 2 tablespoons sesame seeds; One 10-ounce package mixed greens; 1 cup red grape tomatoes, halved; 1/2 red onion, very thinly sliced; One 11-ounce can mandarin oranges, drained | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. To make the dressing: Put the soy sauce, vinegar, ginger, brown sugar, sesame oil, red pepper flakes, garlic and 2/3 cup of the olive oil into a blender. Blend until completely emulsified. Taste the dressing and adjust to your taste, adding more vinegar or sugar as needed. Pour half of the dressing into a jar and refrigerate for the salad. Put the tofu cubes into a bowl and pour over the remaining dressing. Cover and refrigerate for at least an hour. Remove the tofu from the dressing and pat dry. Heat the remaining 2 tablespoons olive oil in a nonstick skillet ov <END>
INPUT: berry, terrine, water, powdered gelatin, hot, sugar, honey
OUTPUT: TITLE: Peach Tea and Berry Gelatin Terrine | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons cold water; 2 tablespoons powdered gelatin; 5 cups hot, brewed peach tea; 1/4 cup sugar; 1/4 cup honey; 2 to 2 1/2 cups mixed berries such as raspberries, blueberries or whole small strawberries; *1 egg white; 1/2 cup sugar; Fresh mint sprigs; Fresh lavender sprigs; Fresh thyme sprigs | INSTRUCTIONS: To make the Terrine: Pour 2 tablespoons cold water into a small bowl and sprinkle the gelatin over the surface. Let sponge, allowing the gelatin to absorb the water, about 3 minutes. While the tea is still hot, add the sponged gelatin, sugar and honey and whisk until dissolved. Set aside and let the gelatin relax and mature and cool at the same rate as the liquid so it doesn't separate when chilling. Place the berries in a 9 by 5-inch loaf pan or divide them among individual molds. Pour in the peach liquid. Refrigerate until chilled and firm, at least 3 hours. To make the garnish: Whisk the eg <END>
INPUT: confit, duck breasts, rendered duck, garlic, shallot, kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Duck Confit | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 whole duck breasts; 1 1/2 pounds rendered duck, goose, or chicken fat (see Note); 6 garlic cloves, peeled; 1 large shallot, peeled and coarsely chopped; 1 tablespoon kosher salt; 2 teaspoons freshly ground black pepper; 1 tablespoon dried herbes de Provence (see Note) | INSTRUCTIONS: Place the duck breasts in the insert of a 5 1/2 to 6 quart slow cooker and add the fat, garlic, shallot, salt, pepper, and herbes de Provence. Cover, set the slow cooker on HIGH, and cook for 1 hour. Reduce the heat to LOW and cook until the duck is very, very tender--at least 4 and up to 8 hours. Use a slotted spoon to remove the duck from the fat, which can be strained, frozen, and reused. Serve the duck hot or at room temperature, or use it to make cassoulet. NOTE: You can buy canned goose fat in gourmet food stores. If you have not accumulated your own duck or goose fat, chicken fat is per <END>
INPUT: half half, heavy cream, vanilla bean, cinnamon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cinnamon Ice Cream | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups half-and-half; 2 cups heavy cream; 1/2 vanilla bean, split lengthwise; 1 cinnamon stick; 3/4 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 9 egg yolks; 3/4 cup sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: In a saucepan over medium heat, heat the half-and-half, cream, vanilla, cinnamon stick and ground cinnamon, whisking occasionally to make sure the mixture doesn?t burn or stick to the bottom of the pan. When the cream mixture reaches a fast simmer (do not let it boil), turn off the heat and let the flavors infuse for 10 minutes. Whisk together the egg yolks and the sugar. In a thin stream, whisk half of the cream mixture into the egg yolk mixture. Then pour the egg-cream mixture back into the saucepan containing the rest of the cream mixture. Heat over medium heat, stirring constantly with a w <END>
INPUT: coarse sea salt, orzo, unsalted butter, mustard greens, zest lemon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Orzo with Mustard Greens | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons coarse sea salt or kosher salt, plus more for serving; 1 1/2 cups orzo; 3 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1 pound red mustard greens, chopped (green mustard, baby spinach, or mild arugula may be substituted); Grated zest of 1 lemon; Freshly ground black pepper; 1 cup freshly grated Asiago cheese, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Bring a large pot of water to a boil over high heat. Add 2 tablespoons salt. When the water returns to a boil, stir in the orzo and cook until al dente, about 6 to 7 minutes. Drain well. Return the cooked orzo to the pot, stir in the butter, and place over high heat. Add the mustard greens and lemon zest and cook, stirring until the greens wilt, about 3 to 5 minutes. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Serve with the freshly grated cheese on top. <END>
INPUT: Italian, ravioli, olive oil, onion, garlic, portobello mushrooms cubed, chicken stock
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Portobello with Caramelized Onion Ravioli | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon olive oil; 1 large white onion diced; 1 tablespoon minced garlic; 1 pound portobello mushrooms cubed without stems; 1/2 cup chicken stock; Salt and pepper, to taste; 1 tablespoon fresh chopped parsley; Additional salt and pepper, to taste; Additional olive oil; 2 small eggplants; Olive oil and bread crumbs, to coat; Salt and pepper, to taste; 4 ounces shredded fresh or processed mozzarella cheese; 1 tablespoon Romano cheese; 1 tablespoon tomato paste | INSTRUCTIONS: For Filling #1: Preheat oven to 400 degrees. Pour olive oil into a skillet and saute onions and garlic for approximately 2 minutes. Add mushrooms, chicken stock, salt and pepper. Put the mixture in the oven and bake for 30 minutes, stirring every 10 minutes. Once cooked, place the mushroom mixture in a food processor. Add parsley and additional salt and pepper to taste. Then, while machine is running, add enough olive oil to make a smooth filling. Process until pasty, or chunky depending on preference. For Filling #2: Cube 2 small eggplants and then toss with oil and enough bread crumbs to coa <END>
INPUT: Salt, bell peppers, pepper, virgin olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Stuffed Peppers with Lamb and Eggplant | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound firm, tight skinned eggplant, diced 1/2-inch pieces; Salt; 8 small green bell peppers; Freshly ground black pepper; 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil, plus a little for dish and drizzling; 4 anchovy fillets in oil, optional; 2 cloves smashed garlic; 2 sprigs rosemary, leaves finely chopped; 2 medium starchy potatoes, peeled and diced 1/2-inch; 2 vine-ripe tomatoes, seeded and chopped; 1 small yellow onion, chopped; A couple handfuls pitted good quality green olives, chopped; 1 pound cooked lamb, 1/2-inch diced; 1/3 pound fontina or Gruyere, 1/2-inch dice; Chicken stock or water | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Put the eggplant in a colander and sprinkle with salt. Let it drain for 30 minutes, then rinse, drain and pat dry and chop. Cut the top third of peppers off horizontally, seed and reserve tops. Season the peppers with salt and pepper, to taste, and put them in a large bowl. Drizzle them with a little extra-virgin olive oil, and arrange them upright in an oiled roasting dish. Heat the 1/4 cup of extra-virgin olive oil, in small pan over medium heat. Add the anchovies, if using, and let them melt into the olive oil. Stir in the garlic and rosemary and swirl for <END>
INPUT: lima beans, garlic, loosely parsley, zest juice lemon, virgin olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lima Bean Dip | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 10-ounce box frozen lima beans; 2 cloves garlic; 1/4 cup loosely packed fresh parsley; Grated zest and juice of 1/2 lemon; 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 2 slices bacon, cooked and crumbled; Pita chips and/or vegetable sticks, for serving | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring a saucepan of salted water to a boil. Add the lima beans and garlic and simmer until tender, 18 to 20 minutes. Drain and rinse under cold water to cool slightly (the beans should be warm but not hot). Pulse the lima beans, garlic, parsley, lemon zest, lemon juice and 1 1/2 teaspoons salt in a food processor until just combined. With the motor running, pour in the olive oil and process until incorporated but still slightly chunky. Transfer to a bowl and top with the bacon. Serve warm or at room temperature with pita chips and/or vegetable sticks. Buy lima beans frozen: They're bright gree <END>
INPUT: American, Chocolate Cookie Crust, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Nutella Pie | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: Chocolate Cookie Crust for one 9-inch (23-cm) pie; 2 cups (270 g) Nutella; 1 1/2 cups (338 g) mascarpone cheese; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 1/2 cup (55 g) chopped toasted hazelnuts | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350°F (175°C). Pat the crust into a 9-inch (23-cm) pie plate. Bake it for 10 minutes, then let it cool completely. Make the filling: In a large bowl, using a hand mixer, or in the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the whisk attachment, beat together the Nutella, mascarpone, and salt until light and fluffy. Spread the filling into the pie shell, cover it with plastic wrap, and refrigerate until firm, about 1 hour. Top the pie with the chopped nuts, slice the pie, and serve. This pie can be refrigerated for up to 1 week, covered in plastic wrap (but it won't last that long!). <END>
INPUT: shooter, oyster, vodka, tomato juice, horseradish, Lemon wedge
OUTPUT: TITLE: Oyster Shooter | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 raw oyster, shucked; 1 part vodka; 2 parts tomato juice (I recommend using low-sodium); Dash shaved horseradish; Lemon wedge, for squeezing | INSTRUCTIONS: Place the oyster in a shot glass and top with the desired amount of vodka. Add the tomato juice and a dash of horseradish and squeeze the lemon over top. <END>
INPUT: bars, vegetable oil, unbleached all purpose, baking powder, smooth peanut butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Peanut Butter and Jelly Bars | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Nonstick vegetable oil spray; 1 1/2 cups unbleached all purpose flour; 1/2 teaspoon baking powder; 3/4 cup smooth peanut butter; 3/4 cup (packed) golden brown sugar; 1/2 cup (1 stick) unsalted butter, room temperature; 1 large egg; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; 3/4 cup grape jelly or other jelly or jam; 2/3 cup coarsely chopped salted dry-roasted peanuts | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350°F. Line 8 x 8 x 2-inch metal baking pan with heavy-duty foil, leaving 2-inch overhang around edges and pressing firmly into corners and up sides of pan. Coat foil with nonstick spray. Whisk flour, baking powder, and 1/4 teaspoon salt in small bowl. Using electric mixer, beat peanut butter, sugar, and butter in large bowl until smooth. Add egg and vanilla; beat on low speed until smooth. Add flour mixture; beat on low speed just to blend. Transfer half of dough to prepared pan (about scant 1 1/2 cups). Place remaining dough in freezer for 10 minutes. Using fingertips, press  <END>
INPUT: Mexican, skirt steak, garlic, olive oil, coarse salt taste, lime juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Garlic-Marinated Skirt Steak with Lime | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 3 pounds skirt steak (about 3 long steaks); 3 tablespoons finely chopped garlic; 3 tablespoons olive oil; coarse salt to taste; 3 tablespoons fresh lime juice, or to taste; Warm Tortillas; Rajas con Crema orCebollitas Asadas; Fresh Tomato Salsa | INSTRUCTIONS: If necessary, trim steaks, leaving some fat. In a shallow dish rub steaks with garlic and oil. Marinate steaks, covered and chilled, at least 30 minutes and up to 1 day. Prepare grill. Season steaks generously with coarse salt and grill on a rack set 5 to 6 inches over glowing coals 2 to 3 minutes on each side for medium-rare. (Alternatively, steaks may be broiled on rack of a broiler pan under a preheated broiler 3 inches from heat about 4 minutes on each side.) Transfer steaks to a cutting board and drizzle with lime juice. Let steaks stand, uncovered, 5 to 10 minutes and with a sharp knife  <END>
INPUT: Italian, cubed chicken, pesto, wheat tortilla wraps, baby spinach leaves, bell pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken Pesto Wraps | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup cooked and cubed chicken; 4 tablespoons pesto; 4 whole wheat tortilla wraps; 1 cup fresh baby spinach leaves; 1 red bell pepper, sliced into thin sticks; 1 medium carrot, sliced into thin sticks | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. In a small bowl toss chicken with pesto just to coat. 2. Place 1 tortilla on a flat surface in front of you. Place 1/4 of the spinach onto the center of a tortilla and top with 1/4 of the peppers and carrots. 3. Place 1/4 of the chicken on top of the vegetables. 4. Wrap up into a burrito and repeat with remaining tortillas and ingredients. 1. In a small bowl toss chicken with pesto just to coat. 2. Place 1 tortilla on a flat surface in front of you. Place 1/4 of the spinach onto the center of a tortilla and top with 1/4 of the peppers and carrots. 3. Place 1/4 of the chicken on top of the v <END>
INPUT: Asian, fries, tube precooked polenta, all purpose flour, canola oil, Kosher salt pepper, Sesame Ginger Yogurt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Polenta Fries with Sesame-Ginger Yogurt Dip | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1 tube precooked polenta (about 1 pound); 2 cups all-purpose flour; 5 tablespoons canola oil; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; Sesame-Ginger Yogurt Dip, recipe follows; 1 cup Greek yogurt; 1 tablespoon za'atar; 1 teaspoon grated ginger; Zest and juice from 1 lime; 1/4 teaspoon sesame oil; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Square off the sides of the polenta. Cut the rectangle into about 45 sticks (2 inches by 1/4 inch by 1/4 inch). Add the flour to a shallow baking dish or pie plate. Dredge the polenta sticks in the flour and shake off the excess. Heat the canola oil in a large nonstick skillet over medium heat. Line a baking sheet with paper towel. Cook the polenta fries in batches until golden brown on each side, 3 to 4 minutes. Remove to the prepared baking sheet to drain. Season with salt and pepper while hot. Serve with Sesame-Ginger Yogurt Dip alongside. Combine the yogurt, za'atar, ginger and lime zest a <END>
INPUT: sauce, olive oil, pork loin chops, water, shallot
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pork Chops with Mustard-Cornichon Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons (1/4 stick) butter; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 6 1-inch-thick pork loin rib chops (about 12 ounces each); 1/2 cup water; 1 large shallot, minced (about 3 tablespoons); 1 garlic clove, minced; 2 tablespoons minced cornichons* (about 4); 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard; 1/4 cup chopped fresh Italian parsley | INSTRUCTIONS: Melt 1 tablespoon butter with 1 tablespoon oil in each of 2 heavy large skillets over medium heat. Sprinkle chops with salt and pepper. Add 3 chops to each skillet and sauté until lightly browned, about 3 minutes per side. Cover skillets and cook until thermometer inserted into center of chops registers 145°F, about 9 minutes. Transfer chops to warm platter; tent with foil to keep warm. Add half of water, shallot, and garlic to each skillet. Cook until shallot is soft, scraping up any browned bits, about 2 minutes. Add any juices from chops. Whisk in cornichons and mustard. Season with salt an <END>
INPUT: rose, bites, baguette, butter, rare roast beef, watercress leaves, crème fraîhe sour
OUTPUT: TITLE: Rose Beef Bites with Horseradish Cream | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 small baguette; 2 tablespoons butter, melted; 9 thin slices of rare roast beef; 18 watercress leaves; 1/2 cup crème fraîhe or sour cream; 1 tablespoon grated horseradish; salt and black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: 1 Preheat the oven to 350°F. Slice the baguette into 18 thin circles. Brush both sides of each slice with melted butter. Place the baguette circles on a baking sheet and toast them in the oven for about 7-10 minutes, turning halfway through, until brown, then let cool. 2 To make the horseradish cream, combine the crème fraîche or sour cream with the horseradish and season to taste. When the baguette circles have cooled, place a spoonful of horseradish cream on top of each one. 3 Cut each slice of beef in half lengthwise, then roll it up to form a pretty rose spiral. Place a roll of beef on top <END>
INPUT: sandwiches, cake flour, vegetable, baking soda, baking powder, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Peanut Butter Banana Sandwiches | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 1/2 cups cake flour; Nonstick vegetable spray, for coating the pan; 1 teaspoon baking soda; 1/4 teaspoon baking powder; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 3/4 cup (11/2 sticks) unsalted butter at room temperature; 1 1/4 cups sugar; 3 eggs; 3 ripe bananas; 1/2 cup sour cream; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; Peanut Butter Buttercream, recipe follows; 4 bananas; Ice cream; Chocolate fudge sauce, recipe follows | INSTRUCTIONS: Set a rack in the middle of the oven and preheat to 350 degrees F. Lightly coat a 6-cup loaf pan with nonstick vegetable spray. Line the bottom with a rectangle of waxed paper. Sift the flour, baking soda, baking powder, and salt together into a bowl; repeat 2 times. In a mixing bowl, beat the butter and sugar together on high speed for 15 seconds, to combine. Add the eggs, 1 at a time, beating until each is incorporated. Continue beating until light and fluffy, about 6 more minutes. In a bowl, mash the bananas until pasty. Stir in the sour cream and vanilla. With the mixer on its lowest setti <END>
INPUT: timbales, scallion, unsalted butter, bulgur, lemon rind, chicken broth
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lemon Bulgur Timbales with Chives | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup thinly sliced white part of scallion; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1 cup bulgur; 1 tablespoon freshly grated lemon rind; 1 1/2 cups canned chicken broth; Salt and pepper; 1/4 cup snipped fresh chives plus chive blades for garnish, if desired; 2 decoratively cut lemon slices, halved for garnish, if desired | INSTRUCTIONS: In a small saucepan cook the scallion in the butter over moderately low heat, stirring, until it is softened, add the bulgur and lemon rind, and cook the mixture, stirring, for 1 minute. Add the broth, bring it to a boil, and simmer the mixture, covered, for 10 minutes, or until all the liquid is absorbed. Fluff the bulgur with a fork, stir in the snipped chives, and let the mixture stand, covered, off the heat for 5 minutes. Season the bulgur with salt and pepper and pack it into 4 buttered 1/2-cup timbale molds. Invert the bulgur timbales onto individual serving dishes and garnish each timba <END>
INPUT: house, crabmeat, onion, garlic, Olive oil, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pickled Corn Relish on a House Smoked Trout and Crabmeat Cake | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 yellow onion, diced; 2 tablespoons minced garlic; Olive oil, to saute; 1 green pepper, diced; 1 red pepper, diced; 1 pound smoked trout, flaked; 1 pound jumbo lump crab; 1 cup Cajun Remoulade, recipe follows; 2 egg whites; 1/4 cup thinly sliced green onions; 1 cup panko bread crumbs, (Japanese); Salt and pepper; Corn Relish, recipe follows; 1 cup mayonnaise; 1 tablespoon lemon juice | INSTRUCTIONS: Saute yellow onion and garlic in olive oil until soft. Add green and red peppers and saute for another 3 minutes, then remove from heat and allow to cool. In a medium mixing bowl, add smoked trout, crabmeat, and chilled pepper and onion mix. Fold in remoulade, egg whites, green onions, and 1/2 of the panko bread crumbs. Season, to taste, with salt and pepper. Mold to desired size and roll into remaining bread crumbs. Pan fry in olive oil, 2 minutes per side. Note: A viewer, who may not be a professional cook, provided this recipe. The FN chefs have not tested this recipe and therefore, we cann <END>
INPUT: pizza, compressed yeast, olive oil, sugar, water, all purpose flour
OUTPUT: TITLE: Robiola White Truffle Pizza | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 5 packed teaspoons fresh compressed yeast (from a 2-ounce cake); 1 tablespoon olive oil; Pinch sugar; 1 cup cold water; 2 1/2 to 3 1/2 cups all-purpose flour; 3 tablespoons whole-wheat flour; 2 1/2 teaspoons salt; 5 cups young fresh robiola (cheese); 5 tablespoons semolina; 5 tablespoons white truffle oil; 1-ounce shaved white truffles | INSTRUCTIONS: In small bowl, stir together yeast, oil, sugar, and about 3 tablespoons water until smooth. Stir in remaining water. In large bowl of a standing electric mixer fitted with dough hook whisk together 2 1/2 cups of all-purpose flour, whole-wheat flour, and salt. With mixer on low speed stir in yeast mixture and blend until mixture forms dough. With mixer on medium speed knead dough, adding enough of remaining 1 cup flour as necessary to prevent dough from sticking, until smooth and elastic, about 5 minutes. Put dough in an oiled deep bowl and turn to coat with oil. Let dough rise, loosely covered <END>
INPUT: American, whipped, balsamic vinegar, sugar, lemon juice, mascarpone cheese, whipping cream
OUTPUT: TITLE: Balsamic Strawberries with Whipped Mascarpone Cheese | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1/3 cup balsamic vinegar; 2 teaspoons plus 4 tablespoons sugar; 1/2 teaspoon fresh lemon juice; 1/2 cup chilled mascarpone cheese*; 1/2 cup chilled whipping cream; 1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract; 3 1-pint baskets (about 24 ounces) strawberries, hulled, halved | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine vinegar, 2 teaspoons sugar, and lemon juice in heavy small saucepan. Stir over medium heat until sugar dissolves. Boil until syrup is reduced to scant 1/4 cup, about 3 minutes. Transfer to small bowl; cool completely. (Can be made 2 days ahead. Cover and refrigerate.) Combine mascarpone, cream, vanilla, and 2 tablespoons sugar in medium bowl. Whisk until thick soft peaks form. Cover and refrigerate up to 4 hours. Combine berries and remaining 2 tablespoons sugar in large bowl; drizzle with balsamic syrup and toss to blend. Let stand 30 minutes, stirring occasionally. Divide berries and <END>
INPUT: white, yeast, water, light corn syrup, bread flour, potatoes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Red, White, and Blue Potato Bread | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 ounce dry yeast; 1 cup warm water; 2 tablespoons light corn syrup; 8 ounces bread flour; 5 ounces red potatoes; 5 ounces blue potatoes; 16 ounces milk; 4 ounces dry yeast; 6 ounces whole wheat flour, plus 4 ounces whole wheat flour, for dusting; 1 pound bread flour; 1 1/2 tablespoons salt; 1 ounce honey; 1 egg, beaten for egg wash | INSTRUCTIONS: To make the sponge, mix the yeast with the warm water until the yeast is dissolved. Add the light corn syrup to the yeast and water. Mix in the bread flour until there are no lumps in the mixture. Let the mixture rest until a thick surface forms and it is light and spongy. Boil the potatoes as you would to make mashed potatoes, drain, mash them, and place them in a mixing bowl. In a separate bowl, combine the milk and yeast, and mix until the yeast is dissolved. Place the wheat and bread flour in the mixing bowl, add the salt, honey, and milk mixture, and using a dough hook, mix for 2 minutes  <END>
INPUT: envelopes unflavored gelatin, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pomegranate Gelatin | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 (16-ounce) bottles pomegranate juice (4 cups); 3 envelopes unflavored gelatin; 3/4 cup sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: Serving suggestions: Bananas, pears, and oranges Put 1 cup of the pomegranate juice in a small bowl and sprinkle the gelatin over the top. Set aside until the gelatin "blooms", 3 to 4 minutes. Whisk the remaining pomegranate juice and sugar in a saucepan over medium high heat until boiling. Lightly stir in the gelatin mixture until it dissolves. Pour the gelatin into a 9 by 13-inch baking dish. Cover and refrigerate until set, about 3 hours or overnight. Cut the pomegranate gelatin into cubes and serve with fresh fruits, such as, bananas, pears, and oranges. Copyright 2005 Television Food Netw <END>
INPUT: biscotti, all purpose flour, baking powder, cinnamon, salt, unsalted butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Amaretto Biscotti | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 1/4 cups all-purpose flour, plus more for dusting; 2 teaspoons baking powder; 1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 5 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature; 1 cup sugar; 2 large eggs; 2 tablespoons amaretto liqueur; 1 teaspoon almond extract; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; 1 cup raw almonds; 1 cup chocolate-covered almonds; 2 ounces white chocolate, chopped; 2 ounces semisweet chocolate, chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F and line a baking sheet with parchment paper. Whisk the flour, baking powder, cinnamon and salt in a medium bowl. Beat the butter and sugar in a large bowl with a mixer on medium-high speed until light and fluffy, 3 to 5 minutes. Beat in the eggs, liqueur, and almond and vanilla extracts until combined. Reduce the mixer speed to low; add the flour mixture and beat until just incorporated. Fold in the raw and chocolate-covered almonds. Dust your hands and the dough with flour; divide in half and shape into two 3-by-12-inch logs on the prepared baking sheet, abo <END>
INPUT: salad, blood orange juice, unseasoned rice vinegar, shallot, honey, pistachio oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mâche Salad with Blood Oranges, Pistachios, and Pomegranate | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons fresh blood orange juice or regular orange juice; 1 tablespoon unseasoned rice vinegar; 1 tablespoon minced shallot; 1/2 teaspoon honey; 3 tablespoons pistachio oil; 2 blood oranges or regular oranges; 1 4-ounce package mâche; 1/4 cup shelled natural pistachios, toasted; 1/4 cup pomegranate seeds or dried cranberries | INSTRUCTIONS: Whisk orange juice, vinegar, shallot, and honey in small bowl. Gradually whisk in pistachio oil. Season dressing to taste with salt and pepper. Using small sharp knife, cut off peel and white pith from oranges. Working over small bowl, cut between membranes to release orange segments. Divide mâche among 4 plates. Divide orange segments, pistachios, and pomegranate seeds among plates. Drizzle dressing over salad and serve. Whisk orange juice, vinegar, shallot, and honey in small bowl. Gradually whisk in pistachio oil. Season dressing to taste with salt and pepper. Using small sharp knife, cut o <END>
INPUT: salad, tomatoes, avocados, virgin olive oil, onion, lemon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Avocado, Tomato, Red Onion Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 10 tomatoes, quartered; 4 avocados, peeled, halved, and pitted; Extra-virgin olive oil, for drizzling; 1 red onion, sliced; 1/2 lemon; 1 cup pesto sauce; 1/2 cup pine nuts; Parmiggiano-Reggiano | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat a grill over medium heat. Cover a large tray with tomato quarters, and set aside. Place avocado halves in a bowl and drizzle with olive oil. Place each half on a hot open grill for about 30 to 45 seconds. Remove and place on top of the tomatoes arranged on tray. Drizzle with olive oil again. In another bowl, cover the red onion slices with the juice from the lemon half and olive oil. Place onions in the empty avocado pit holes. Cover with the lemon/olive oil mix. Then, top with pesto, distributing generously on all sides. Sprinkle pine nuts and cheese on top, to taste. <END>
INPUT: Italian, scampi, Kosher salt, linguine, jumbo shrimp, sea scallops, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Shrimp and Scallop Scampi with Linguine | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: Kosher salt; 1 pound linguine; 12 jumbo shrimp, peeled and deveined; 12 large sea scallops, tough foot muscles removed; Freshly ground pepper; 3 1/2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 2 cloves garlic, minced; 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, plus lemon wedges for garnish; 1/2 cup dry white wine; 1/4 cup torn fresh basil; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add the linguine and cook as the label directs. Meanwhile, heat a large skillet over medium-high heat. Pat the shrimp and scallops dry, then season with salt and pepper. Add 1 1/2 tablespoons butter to the pan and cook the shrimp until golden on one side, about 3 minutes. Turn the shrimp and add half of the garlic; cook until the garlic is fragrant but the shrimp are still translucent, 1 to 2 more minutes. Transfer the shrimp to a plate. Add the scallops to the skillet and cook until golden on one side, about 3 minutes. Turn the scallops, add the re <END>
INPUT: Mexican, refried, pinto beans, virgin olive oil, onion, garlic, coriander
OUTPUT: TITLE: Refried Beans | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: One 15 1/2-ounce can pinto beans, drained and rinsed; 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1/2 medium onion, chopped; 4 cloves garlic, minced; 1 teaspoon ground coriander; 1/2 teaspoon ground cumin; 2/3 to 1 cup chicken broth, homemade or low-sodium canned; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh coriander (cilantro) (optional) | INSTRUCTIONS: Reserve about a third of the beans. Mash the rest of the beans in a medium bowl with a large fork. Set aside. Heat the oil in a medium skillet over medium-high heat. Add the onion, and cook until lightly browned, about 4 minutes. Add the garlic and continue to cook, stirring, until lightly browned. Add the spices and cook until fragrant about 1 minute. Add the mashed beans and half the broth; cook, stirring frequently, until slightly thickened, about 5 minutes. Add the reserved beans and the enough of the remaining broth to loosen up the beans. Simmer until the beans are thick but not pasty, a <END>
INPUT: chicken wings, jerk seasoning, dark rum
OUTPUT: TITLE: Jerk Chicken Wings | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 pounds chicken wings (18 wings), disjointed; 2 heaping tablespoons jerk seasoning, Walker's Wood or any other brand; 1/3 cup dark rum | INSTRUCTIONS: Place the chicken wings in a large bowl; discard the tips. Add the jerk seasoning and rum and work into the wings with your hands. Cover and let marinate overnight in the refrigerator. Preheat the broiler. Arrange the wings in a single layer on a pan, place 6 to 7 inches under the broiler, and cook about 7 minutes per side, or until the wings are done. <END>
INPUT: spoonbread, Unsalted butter, cornmeal, milk, corn kernels, Kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Corn and Tomato Spoonbread | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Unsalted butter, for the ramekins; 1/2 cup cornmeal, plus more for the ramekins; 2 cups whole milk; 1 cup corn kernels (from 2 ears corn); Kosher salt; 4 large eggs; 3/4 cup freshly grated parmesan cheese; 2 tablespoons minced fresh chives; 2 medium tomatoes; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; Freshly ground pepper; Pickled vegetables, such as carrots, green beans and okra, for serving | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Generously butter four 6-ounce ramekins and dust with cornmeal; tap out the excess. Whisk the milk, corn, cornmeal and a pinch of salt in a large microwave-safe bowl and microwave 5 minutes. Stir and continue to microwave until thick, about 2 more minutes. Meanwhile, beat the eggs in a bowl with a mixer until thick and airy, about 5 minutes. Whisk 1/2 cup cheese and 1 tablespoon chives into the hot cornmeal mixture until thick. Whisk half of the cornmeal mixture into the eggs, then whisk in the remaining cornmeal mixture until smooth. Divide the batter among  <END>
INPUT: Mexican, yogurt, virgin olive oil, garlic, basil, oregano
OUTPUT: TITLE: Yogurt Grilled Chicken Breast with Pineapple Roasted Red Pepper Salsa | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup yogurt; 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 2 garlic cloves, chopped; 1 teaspoon dried basil; 1 teaspoon dried oregano; 1 lemon, zested; 2 teaspoons salt; 1 teaspoon hot sauce; 6 (6-ounce) boneless, skinless chicken breasts; Lemon slices, for garnish; Roasted Red Pepper Pineapple Salsa, recipe follows; 1 (20-ounce) can crushed pineapple, drained; 1 jarred roasted red pepper, cut into small dice; 2 tablespoons chopped parsley leaves; 1 teaspoon hot sauce | INSTRUCTIONS: Mix the yogurt, olive oil, garlic, basil, oregano, lemon zest, salt and hot sauce together in a large bowl. Add the chicken and toss well to coat. Refrigerate for 1 hour. Preheat a cast iron grill pan over high heat for 4 to 5 minutes or preheat an outdoor grill. Place the chicken on the grill and cook for 4 minutes per side, until the chicken is firm to the touch. Platter and garnish with lemon slices. Serve warm or at room temperature with salsa on the side. Place all the ingredients in a small mixing bowl and mix well. Place in a decorative bowl and serve. <END>
INPUT: Asian, baby, rolls, olive oil, inch) piece ginger, garlic, scallions
OUTPUT: TITLE: Baby Egg Rolls with Soy Sesame Dipping Sauce | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup olive oil; 1 {2-inch) piece fresh ginger, peeled and minced; 1 garlic clove, minced; 1 (1/2-pound) boneless pork chop, cut into thin strips; 2 scallions, white and 1 inch of the green parts, thinly sliced; 1 carrot, julienned; 1 large red bell pepper, julienned; 1 cup thinly sliced Napa cabbage; 1/4 cup chicken stock, preferably homemade; 2 tablespoons soy sauce; 30 square wonton wrappers; Soy Sesame Dipping Sauce, recipe follows; 6 tablespoons soy sauce; 1/4 cup rice vinegar; 2 teaspoons Asian (toasted) sesame oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. To make the egg roll, heat 2 tablespoons of the olive oil in a large skillet or wok over medium heat. Add the ginger and garlic and cook, stirring until slightly softened, about 2 minutes. Add the pork and stir until it turns white, about 2 minutes. Transfer the pork to a plate and set aside. Add the scallions, carrot, and red pepper to the skillet. Cook, stirring, until slightly softened, about 2 minutes. Add the cabbage, stock, and soy sauce. Reduce the heat to medium-low and simmer until the liquid has evaporated and the vegetables are tender, about 5 minutes. <END>
INPUT: barnyard, cupcakes, all purpose flour, baking powder, salt, granulated sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Barnyard Vanilla Cupcakes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 cups all-purpose flour; 1 tablespoon baking powder; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1 cup (2 sticks) unsalted butter, at room temperature; 1 1/2 cups granulated sugar; 4 large eggs, at room temperature; 1/4 cup sour cream; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; 3/4 cup milk; Buttercream Icing, recipe follows; 48 large candy eyes; 24 gummy candy peaches, trimmed into even round circles, plus 6 for the ears; 12 soft black licorice sticks, trimmed into 2-inch pieces; 2 cups mixed color jelly beans; 2 cups mini marshmallows | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: two 12-cup muffin tins; cupcake liners For the cupcakes: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line two 12-cup muffin tins with paper liners. In a large bowl, whisk to combine the flour, baking powder and salt; set aside. In a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, cream the butter and granulated sugar together on medium-high speed until light and fluffy, scraping the sides of the bowl with a rubber spatula periodically, 3 to 5 minutes. Add the eggs one at a time, beating well after each addition, followed by the sour cream and vanilla extract; mix to combine. Turn the  <END>
INPUT: Mexican, plum, salsa, unsalted butter, garlic, shallots, lightly basil leaves, pepper flakes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pan-roasted Salmon with Black Plum, Peach, and Tomato Salsa | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon unsalted butter; 1 tablespoon finely chopped garlic; 3 tablespoons finely chopped shallots; 1/4 cup lightly packed fresh basil leaves; Pinch of red pepper flakes; 3/4 pound fresh ripe peaches, blanched, peeled, pitted, and diced; 1/2 pound ripe tomatoes, blanched, peeled, seeded, and diced; 1/4 cup granulated sugar; 1/2 cup cider vinegar; Sea salt and freshly ground black pepper; 4 (6 to 7-ounce) salmon fillets, patted dry with paper towels; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large heavy skillet, melt the butter over medium-high heat. Add the garlic, shallots, basil leaves, and pepper flakes, partially cover, and cook over low heat for 1 to 2 minutes. Uncover, stir in the plums, peaches, and tomatoes, and cook for 2 to 3 minutes until they start to soften. Add the sugar and cook until melted. Stir in the vinegar and cook on low heat until the fruits are completely soft, stirring occasionally. Transfer the mixture to a food processor or the jar of an electric blender and puree until smooth. Season, to taste, with salt and pepper. Pour into a bowl and set aside. <END>
INPUT: mineiran, young kale greens, fruity olive oil, onion, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Greens Mineiran Style | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 pounds young kale greens, tough stems removed; 3 tablespoons fruity olive oil; 1 medium onion, finely chopped; 2 large cloves garlic, minced | INSTRUCTIONS: Wash the kale thoroughly and grasp it together into manageable bunches. Cut each bunch crosswise into very thin strips. Wash the strips again and drain them thoroughly. In a large heavy skillet heat the oil over medium heat. Cook the onion for 3 to 4 minutes, stirring occasionally, until softened and slightly golden. Add the garlic and cook for 1 minute more, or until the aroma is released. Add the kale strips and cook, tossing occasionally, until the greens are softened but still bright green, 5 to 7 minutes. Serve hot. <END>
INPUT: frozen, sugar, peppercorns, cornstarch, milk, milk Greek style
OUTPUT: TITLE: Black-Pepper Frozen Yogurt | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup sugar; 2 teaspoons black peppercorns, crushed; 2 teaspoons cornstarch; 1 1/2 cups whole milk; 2 cups whole-milk Greek-style plain yogurt; Equipment: an ice cream maker | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat sugar and pepper in a 2- to 3-quart heavy saucepan over medium heat, stirring with a fork to heat sugar evenly, until it starts to melt, then stop stirring and cook, swirling pan occasionally so sugar melts evenly, until it is pale golden. Remove from heat. Whisk together cornstarch and milk, then add to caramel with 1/4 teaspoon salt (mixture will bubble and steam). Simmer, stirring, until caramel has dissolved and mixture is slightly thickened, 2 to 4 minutes. Strain through a fine-mesh sieve into a bowl, then whisk in yogurt. Chill until cold, about 8 hours. Freeze in ice cream maker,  <END>
INPUT: Indian, korma, vegetable oil, onion, garlic, julienned ginger, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken Korma | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 4 tablespoons vegetable oil; 1 onion, chopped; 2 cloves garlic, chopped; 1/2 teaspoon julienned ginger; 1 teaspoon salt; 1 teaspoon turmeric; 1 teaspoon ground cumin; 1 pound chicken, cooked; 1 cup water; 1 1/2 teaspoons garam masala, or to taste; 1/4 pint heavy cream; 2 teaspoons finely chopped coriander | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat oil in a large deep frying pan adding chopped onions and fry for 4 to 5 minutes on a medium heat until the onions are slightly brown. Add the garlic and ginger and cook for a further 1 or 2 minutes. Add the salt, turmeric and ground cumin. Turn up the heat and further cook for another 1 minute then add the chicken. It is very crucial that spices are mixed within the pan at this point and stirred to ensure that the chicken cooks with texture and flavor. Add water after stirring the chicken into the spices. Turn down the heat slightly and stir in the garam masala and cream cook for a furthe <END>
INPUT: Asian, Laksa Curry Paste, low sodium chicken, fish sauce, light soy sauce, light sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Classic Shrimp Laksa with Rice Noodles | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup Laksa Curry Paste, recipe follows, or store-bought yellow curry paste or Tom Yum paste; 3 cups low-sodium chicken stock; 2 tablespoons fish sauce; 1 teaspoon light soy sauce; 1 teaspoon light brown sugar; Juice of 1 lime; One 14-ounce can coconut milk; 7 ounces dried flat wide rice noodles; 1 pound medium shrimp, deveined, tails left on; 1 1/2 cups bean sprouts; Sea salt; Cayenne pepper or red chili flakes; Small handful fresh cilantro stems; Small handful fresh Thai basil stems; 1/4 cup coconut milk | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat a wok over medium-high heat. Add the Laksa Curry Paste and cook, stirring, 2 to 3 minutes. Pour in the chicken stock, fish sauce, soy sauce, sugar, lime juice and coconut milk and stir well. Bring to a simmer, and then reduce the heat and cook for 5 minutes. Stir in the shrimp and cook until just cooked through, about 2 minutes. Meanwhile, bring a large pot of water to a boil and cook the noodles until al dente, about 3 minutes, and then drain and rinse under cold water to refresh. Add 3/4 cup of the bean sprouts to the shrimp mixture. Taste and adjust the seasoning with salt and cayenne  <END>
INPUT: cakes, relish, smoked bacon, celery, onion, corn kernels, Salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Bacon Crab Cakes with Pimiento-Corn Relish | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 strips smoked bacon; 1 stalk celery, finely chopped; 1/2 small onion, finely chopped; 1 1/2 cups corn kernels (from about 3 ears of corn); Salt and pepper; 2 tablespoons apple cider vinegar; 2 tablespoons sugar; 1 4-ounce jar diced pimientos, drained; 1 pound lump crab meat; 1 large egg, lightly beaten; 3 tablespoons mayonnaise; 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard; 1/2 small onion, finely grated; 1 clove garlic, finely grated; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley | INSTRUCTIONS: Place a large saute pan over medium heat and cook the bacon until golden brown and crisp, 7 to 8 minutes total. Reserve about 3 tablespoons of the bacon fat in a dish and 2 tablespoons of the bacon fat in the pan. Transfer the bacon to a paper towel-lined plate to cool. Return the pan to medium heat and add the celery, onion, corn and some salt and pepper. Cook the vegetables until beginning to soften, 3 to 4 minutes. Add the vinegar, sugar and pimientos to the pan and cook until the vinegar has reduced and the corn is tender, 3 to 4 minutes. Adjust the seasoning as needed and set the relish a <END>
INPUT: stock, Turkey neck giblets, onion, celery, carrots, flat leaf curly
OUTPUT: TITLE: Turkey Stock | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Turkey neck and giblets (heart and gizzard), reserved from turkey; 1 medium onion, cut into large chunks; 2 celery stalks, cut into large chunks; 2 carrots, scrubbed and cut into chunks; 6 sprigs fresh flat-leaf or curly parsley; 2 to 3 sprigs fresh thyme; 1 whole bay leaf; 1/2 teaspoon whole black peppercorns; 7 cups cold water | INSTRUCTIONS: Rinse neck and giblets well. Combine turkey neck and giblets, onion, celery, carrots, parsley, thyme, bay leaf and peppercorns with 7 cups cold water in a medium stockpot. Place over high heat; bring to a boil. Reduce heat to a simmer and cook for 1 1/2 hours, skimming any scum that floats to top as necessary. Pass stock through a sieve lined with damp cheesecloth; discard the solids. Let stock cool, and refrigerate until ready to use. <END>
INPUT: butter, mushrooms, Sea salt, pepper, good Marsala
OUTPUT: TITLE: Veal Marsala | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/3 stick butter; 6 mushrooms, sliced; Sea salt; Fresh ground black pepper; 4 tablespoons good Marsala (do not use cooking Marsala as they contain salt and lack in flavor); 1/2 teaspoon all-purpose flour, plus extra for dusting veal; 1/2 pound thinly cut veal; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 2 teaspoons chopped fresh Italian parsley | INSTRUCTIONS: Begin by placing the butter in a frying pan over medium heat. When the butter melts, add the mushrooms and saute until they are brown on both sides. Add salt and freshly ground black pepper, to taste. Remove from the heat and add the Marsala. Be careful as Marsala may flame. Return to the heat and add 1/2 teaspoon of flour. Stir. To prepare the veal, pound it with a meat tenderizer, then cut into desired serving sizes and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper. When you are ready to cook the meat, lightly dust the veal with flour. In a hot frying pan over medium-high heat, add the ol <END>
INPUT: Indian, brick, olive oil, oranges, cumin seed, curry powder
OUTPUT: TITLE: Crispy Chicken Under a Brick | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 1 whole (3 pound) chicken; 3/4 cup olive oil; 2 oranges, juiced and zested; 2 teaspoons cumin seed, toasted; 1 teaspoon curry powder; 1 tablespoon brown sugar; 1 teaspoon minced garlic; 2 tablespoons chopped parsley; Salt and freshly ground black pepper, to taste | INSTRUCTIONS: Remove the backbone and split the chicken in half. Mix together 1/2-cup olive oil, orange juice and zest, cumin, curry, brown sugar, garlic and parsley. Marinate the chicken in the mixture for 1 hour, covered in the refrigerator. Place an ovenproof skillet, preferably cast iron, over medium-high heat for about 3 minutes. Put the remaining 1/4-cup olive oil into the hot skillet and wait 1 minute for it to heat up. Remove the chicken from the marinade, season all over with salt and pepper. Place the chicken halves in the skillet, skin side down. Wrap 2 bricks in aluminum foil and set them on top <END>
INPUT: relish, coconut, plain yogurt, coriander, chilies, Kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Coconut Relish | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup packed fresh grated coconut; 1/2 cup plain yogurt; 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh coriander (cilantro) leaves (optional); 2 green chilies (or 1/4 small green bell pepper plus 1/4 teaspoon dried ground red pepper); 1/2 teaspoon Kosher salt; 2 tablespoons hot water; 4 tablespoons usli ghee (see tips, below), or oil (preferably sesame); 1 teaspoon black mustard seeds | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. Put coconut, yogurt, coriander leaves, chilies, salt, and hot water into the container of an electric blender, and blend until finely pureed. Put into a small serving bowl. 2. Heat the ghee or oil over medium-high heat in a small frying pan. When it is very hot, carefully add mustard seeds. Keep a pot lid or splatter screen handy, since the seeds may splutter and splatter. When the seeds stop spluttering and turn gray, immediately pour the ghee and seeds over the coconut puree. Mix thoroughly, check for salt, and serve. 1. Put coconut, yogurt, coriander leaves, chilies, salt, and hot water  <END>
INPUT: thyme leaves, coarse sea salt, peppercorns, duck
OUTPUT: TITLE: Duck with Honey | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 teaspoons (packed) fresh lavender blossoms or 2 teaspoons dried; 1 tablespoon fresh thyme leaves; 1 1/2 teaspoons coarse sea salt; 1/4 teaspoon black peppercorns; 1 6- to 6 1/2-pound duck, fresh or frozen, thawed; 1 cup canned low-salt chicken broth; 3 tablespoons dry red wine; 4 tablespoons lavender honey or orange flower honey; 4 toasted baguette slices | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350°F. Finely grind 2 teaspoons fresh or 1 teaspoon dried lavender blossoms, thyme, sea salt and peppercorns in spice grinder or with mortar and pestle. Remove fat deposits and giblets from duck cavity, reserving liver. Trim excess skin and fat from neck area. Rinse inside and out; pat dry. Cutting through skin and fat (but not flesh) of duck breasts, score in crisscross pattern. Rub inside and outside of duck with herb mixture; return duck liver to cavity. Place duck, breast up, on rack in roasting pan. Roast 2 hours. Remove from oven. Increase oven temperature to 375°F. Trans <END>
INPUT: peppers, olive oil, onion, Italian parsley leaves, egg, ketchup
OUTPUT: TITLE: Stuffed Zucchini and Red Bell Peppers | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1 small onion, grated; 1/4 cup chopped fresh Italian parsley leaves; 1 large egg; 3 tablespoons ketchup; 3 garlic cloves, minced; 1 teaspoon salt; 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 1/3 cup grated Pecorino Romano; 1/4 cup dried plain bread crumbs; 1 pound ground turkey, preferably dark meat; 2 zucchini, ends removed, halved lengthwise and crosswise; 1 short orange bell pepper, halved and seeded; 1 short red bell pepper, halved and seeded; 1 short yellow bell pepper, halved and seeded | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Lightly drizzle the olive oil into a 13 by 9 by 2-inch baking dish. Whisk the onion, parsley, egg, ketchup, garlic, salt, and pepper in a large bowl to blend. Stir in the cheese and bread crumbs. Mix in the turkey. Cover and refrigerate the turkey mixture. Using a melon baller or spoon, carefully scrape out the seeds and inner flesh from the zucchini, leaving 1/8-inch-thick shells. Be careful not to pierce through the skin. Fill the zucchini and pepper halves with the turkey mixture, dividing equally and mounding slightly. Arran <END>
INPUT: spiced, wine, sugar, orange, by strip orange, cinnamon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spiced Red Wine-Poached Pears | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups dry red wine, such as cabernet or merlot; 1/4 cup plus 1 tablespoon sugar; 1 orange, juiced (about 1/2 cup); One 1 by 3-inch strip orange zest; 1 cinnamon stick; 2 cloves; 4 firm, ripe pears | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. In a 4-quart saucepan, combine wine, sugar, orange juice, zest, cinnamon stick and cloves. Bring to a boil, reduce heat and simmer for 5 minutes. While liquid is simmering, peel pears, leaving stem intact and being careful not to blemish the flesh of the pears. Slice 1/2-inch off the bottom of the pears to create a flat bottom. Gently place pears in poaching liquid, cover, and simmer for 15 to 20 minutes, turning every 5 minutes to ensure even color, until pears are cooked but still firm. Remove saucepan from flame, uncover and cool with pears upright in pan. Onc <END>
INPUT: stock, unsalted butter, mixed bones fleshed, onions, parsley stems, lemon juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: White Fish Stock | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, softened; 3 pounds mixed bones and heads of white-fleshed fish (such as cod, grouper, monkfish, porgy, red snapper, striped bass, and/or turbot),gills removed a; 2 large onions, sliced; 1 bunch parsley stems (reserve leaves for another use); 6 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 1 1/2 teaspoons salt; 10 cups cold water; 1 1/2 cups dry white wine | INSTRUCTIONS: Spread butter in bottom of a 6- to 8-quart heavy pot. Add fish bones and heads, onions, parsley stems, lemon juice, and salt and cook, covered, over moderately high heat, without stirring, 5 minutes. (Mixture will steam in its own juices.) Add water and wine and bring to a boil, then reduce heat and simmer, uncovered, skimming any foam, 25 minutes. Pour stock through a fine-mesh sieve into a bowl, pressing on and then discarding solids. If not using stock immediately, cool, uncovered, then chill, covered. Spread butter in bottom of a 6- to 8-quart heavy pot. Add fish bones and heads, onions, p <END>
INPUT: buttermilk, mustard seeds, cumin seeds, fennel seeds, kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Buttermilk Fried Chicken | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 teaspoon brown mustard seeds; 1 teaspoon cumin seeds; 1 teaspoon fennel seeds; 5 ounces kosher salt (1/2 cup Diamond Crystal or 1/4 cup Morton); 1/2 cup (packed) light brown sugar; 1 teaspoon black peppercorns; 2 bay leaves; 2 (3 1/2–4-pound) chickens, cut into 8 pieces each; 6 cups all-purpose flour, divided; 1 tablespoon cornstarch; 1 tablespoon freshly ground black pepper; 1 tablespoon garlic powder; 1 tablespoon onion powder; 1 tablespoon smoked paprika; 1 1/2 teaspoon ground fennel or finely ground fennel seeds | INSTRUCTIONS: Brine: Toast mustard, cumin, and fennel seeds in a large pot over medium-low heat, tossing often, until fragrant and mustard seeds are starting to pop, about 1 minute. Add salt, brown sugar, peppercorns, bay leaves, and 2 cups water. Bring to a simmer, stirring to dissolve sugar and salt. Remove pan from heat and add 8 cups ice water, then chicken pieces. Cover pot with plastic wrap and chill chicken at least 8 hours and up to 1 day. Toast mustard, cumin, and fennel seeds in a large pot over medium-low heat, tossing often, until fragrant and mustard seeds are starting to pop, about 1 minute. A <END>
INPUT: salad, beets without leaves, arugula, onion, wine vinegar, olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Beet and Arugula Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound beets without leaves (about 6 medium); 2 small bunches arugula; 1 red onion, halved and sliced thin; 2 tablespoons white wine vinegar; 1/2 cup olive oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Peel beets and cut into 1/2 inch wedges. In a steamer set over boiling water steam beets until tender, about 10 minutes, and transfer to a bowl. Discard coarse stems from arugula. Wash arugula well and dry. In a bowl whisk together vinegar and salt and pepper to taste and whisk in oil until emulsified. Pour half of vinaigrette over beets and toss well. To vinaigrette remaining in bowl add arugula and toss well. Arrange beets and arugula on plates.; <END>
INPUT: schnitzel, cheesy, russet potatoes, sleeve saltine crackers, paprika pepper, virgin olive oil, pork scallopini cutlets
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pork Schnitzel with Cheesy Potatoes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 small russet potatoes; 1 sleeve saltine crackers (about 40); 1/2 teaspoon paprika Freshly ground pepper; 1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil, plus more for frying; 4 pork scallopini or cutlets (about 1 1/2 pounds); Kosher salt; 2 large eggs, lightly beaten; 1 1/2 cups frozen peas; 1 5-ounce package garlic-and-herb cheese spread (such as Boursin); Lemon wedges, for serving | INSTRUCTIONS: Pierce the potatoes a few times with a fork. Microwave until tender, 12 to 15 minutes; let cool 5 minutes. Meanwhile, pulse the crackers in a food processor until finely ground. Transfer to a shallow dish and season with the paprika and a few grinds of pepper. Heat 3/4 inch olive oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Season the pork with salt and pepper. Dip each cutlet in the beaten eggs, letting the excess drip off, then dredge in the cracker crumbs. Working in batches, add the pork to the skillet and fry until golden and crisp, 3 to 4 minutes per side. Drain on a rack; season with s <END>
INPUT: rellenos, water, long grain rice, salt, bay leaf, tomatoes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tomato Rellenos | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups water; 1 cup long grain white rice, washed; 1 teaspoon salt; 1 bay leaf; 6 large tomatoes; 3 tablespoons olive oil; 1 onion, finely chopped; 1 celery stalk, finely chopped; 2 garlic cloves, chopped; 2 jalapeno chilies, seeded, chopped; 1/8 teaspoon ground cloves; 1/4 cup chopped fresh cilantro; 1/2 cup coarsely chopped almonds, toasted; 1/4 cup dried currants; Olive oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring water, rice, salt and bay leaf to a boil in heavy medium saucepan. Reduce heat to low. Cover and simmer until rice is tender and liquid is absorbed about 20 minutes. Remove from heat. Fluff with fork. Cool. Preheat oven to 450 degrees F. Cut 1 inch slice from top of each tomato; reserve tops. Working over bowl to catch juices, remove pulp from tomatoes, leaving shell intact. Strain seeds from juices. Finely chop tomato pulp and reserve with juices. Heat oil in heavy large skillet over medium high heat. Add onion and celery and saute until tender, about 5 minutes. Add garlic, jalapeno and <END>
INPUT: fondue, butter, leeks, garlic, cream potato soup, light cream
OUTPUT: TITLE: Potato Leek Fondue Soup | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons butter; 3 large leeks, white part only, clean and sliced, reserve green parts for stuffed mushrooms; 2 tablespoons crushed garlic; 1 can cream of potato soup; 1 cup light cream; 1 quart chicken broth; 2 (15-ounce) cans white potatoes, chopped; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; Finely chopped fresh chives, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Melt butter in a large soup pot over medium-high heat. Add leeks and garlic and saute until tender, about 5 minutes. Add the soup, light cream, chicken broth and potatoes. Bring to a boil then reduce heat and let simmer for 15 minutes. Puree with a hand blender or in a blender, working in batches. (Soup can be stored in refrigerator for up to 2 days at this point.) Seasoning with salt and pepper. Serve hot garnished with chopped chives. <END>
INPUT: crisp, shooter, apple juice, dark spiced rum, apple butter, caramel sauce syrup, apple pie spice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Apple Crisp Rum Shooter | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup apple juice; 1/4 cup dark spiced rum; 2 teaspoons apple butter; 2 teaspoons caramel sauce or syrup, plus more for drizzling; 1/4 teaspoon apple pie spice; Whipped cream in a canister, for serving | INSTRUCTIONS: Fill a martini shaker with a scoop of ice. Add the apple juice, rum, apple butter, caramel sauce and apple pie spice. Shake vigorously until thoroughly mixed and chilled, about 30 seconds. Strain the rum mixture into 4 shot glasses. Top with whipped cream and a drizzle of caramel sauce. Serve immediately. <END>
INPUT: olive oil, maple syrup, peaches, pineapple
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Peaches and Pineapple | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Nonstick cooking spray, for spraying the grill tray; 1/4 cup olive oil; 1/4 cup maple syrup, plus more for serving; 6 peaches, halved and pitted; 1 pineapple, cut into spears; Vanilla ice cream, for serving; 1 cup pecans, chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: a grill tray with holes Prepare a grill for medium-low to low heat. Spray a grill tray with holes with cooking spray. Mix the olive oil and maple syrup together in a small bowl and brush over the peaches and pineapple. Put the fruit cut-side down on the prepared grill tray and cook low and slow, rotating them 90 degrees halfway through, about 5 minutes. Monitor the cooking temperature and keep it low enough so that the maple syrup doesn't burn but browns a little. Set the fruit aside to cool. To serve, arrange the fruit over scoops of vanilla ice cream, sprinkle pecans all o <END>
INPUT: compote, Pinot Noir Cabernet, sugar, long orange peel, long lemon peel, rhubarb
OUTPUT: TITLE: Rhubarb Compote | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups Pinot Noir or Cabernet Sauvignon; 1 cup plus 2 tablespoons sugar; 3 2-inch-long strips orange peel (orange part only); 2 2-inch-long strips lemon peel (yellow part only); 6 cups 1/2-inch pieces fresh rhubarb (about 2 pounds trimmed); 1/8 teaspoon salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine wine, sugar, orange peel, and lemon peel in heavy large saucepan. Bring to boil, stirring until sugar dissolves. Add rhubarb and salt and simmer until rhubarb is tender but still retains its shape, about 9 minutes. Using slotted spoon, transfer rhubarb to shallow dish, arranging in single layer. Boil wine syrup in saucepan until slightly thickened and reduced to 1 1/4 cups, adding any juices accumulated from rhubarb, about 5 minutes. Pour syrup over rhubarb and cool, then cover and chill until cold. DO AHEAD: Can be made 1 day ahead. Cover and keep chilled. Combine wine, sugar, orange  <END>
INPUT: frosting, good quality chocolate, packages cream cheese, Cointreau other orange
OUTPUT: TITLE: White Chocolate Frosting | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 36 ounces good-quality white chocolate (such as Baker's or Lindt,), chopped; 5 8-ounce packages cream cheese, room temperature; 3 cups (6 sticks)unsalted butter, room temperature; 1 cup Cointreau or other orange liqueur | INSTRUCTIONS: Stir 18 ounces white chocolate in top of double boiler set over barely simmering water until melted and smooth (do not let top pan touch water). Remove from over water; cool to barely lukewarm. Using electric mixer, beat 2 1/2 packages cream cheese and 1 1/2 cups butter in large bowl until fluffy. Gradually add melted white chocolate, beating to blend well. Add 1/2 cup liqueur in 4 additions, beating to blend after each. Reserve remaining ingredients for second batch of frosting. Stir 18 ounces white chocolate in top of double boiler set over barely simmering water until melted and smooth (do  <END>
INPUT: American, finger, sandwiches, manzanilla olives, cream cheese, very bread, Genoa salami
OUTPUT: TITLE: Genoa Salami with Manzanilla Olive Cream Cheese Finger Sandwiches | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup finely chopped manzanilla olives (about 12 to 15 olives); 1/2 cup cream cheese, at room temperature; 10 slices very thin white bread (recommended: Pepperidge Farm); 1/4 pound thinly sliced Genoa salami | INSTRUCTIONS: Mash the olives into the cream cheese with a fork. Spread 5 slices of the bread with half the olive spread and top with salami. Spread the remaining 5 slices of bread with the remaining olive spread and top the sandwiches. Cut off the crusts, then cut the sandwiches into 4 pieces. <END>
INPUT: Indian, shrimp, carrot, bulb fennel, zucchini, kosher salt, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pickled Shrimp | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 1 medium carrot, cut into thin rounds; 1 medium bulb fennel, thinly sliced; 1 medium zucchini, cut into half moons; 3 teaspoons kosher salt, divided, plus more for blanching; 1 red onion, julienned; 1 red bell pepper, julienned; 5 cloves garlic, thinly sliced; 2 teaspoons whole coriander; 2 teaspoons cumin seeds; 1 teaspoon caraway seed; 1 teaspoon fennel seed; 1 cup olive oil, divided; 1 cup white wine; 1 cup white wine vinegar; 2 tablespoons thyme leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: Blanch vegetables: In a large pot of boiling, salted water, blanch carrots, fennel and zucchini until firm-tender, 1 minute. Use a slotted spoon to remove vegetables and plunge directly into an ice-water bath. Remove and dry on paper towels. In a medium bowl, toss blanched vegetables with 1 teaspoon salt. Chill in refrigerator until you are ready to assemble dish. Make pickled vegetables: In a sauté pan over medium-low heat, heat 1/2 olive oil and sweat the onion, pepper, garlic, spices and 1 teaspoon salt until soft, about 10 minutes. Stir in wine, vinegar and thyme. Remove from heat and let  <END>
INPUT: salad, orange juice, lime juice, honey, pepper, Kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Jicama and Watermelon Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup fresh orange juice, plus 1 teaspoon zest; 1/4 cup fresh lime juice, plus 1 teaspoon zest; 2 tablespoons honey; 1 teaspoon ground black pepper; Kosher salt; 1 jicama, cut into matchstick pieces; 4 cups watermelon in 2-inch chunks; 1/3 cup roughly torn fresh mint leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Whisk together juices, honey, pepper and salt in a large bowl. Add the jicama, watermelon and mint and toss to coat. <END>
INPUT: crusted, sauce, chicken breast halves, egg, Italian parsley, Dijon mustard, panko
OUTPUT: TITLE: Panko-Crusted Chicken with Mustard-Maple Pan Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 8-ounce skinless boneless chicken breast halves, cut crosswise in half; 1 large egg; 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh Italian parsley; 2 teaspoons plus 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard; 1 cup panko (Japanese breadcrumbs); 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1 cup low-salt chicken broth; 3 tablespoons pure maple syrup; 2 tablespoons plus 1 teaspoon coarse-grained mustard; 1 tablespoon chilled unsalted butter | INSTRUCTIONS: Using meat mallet or rolling pin, pound chicken in resealable plastic bag to 1/3-to 1/2-inch thickness. Whisk egg, parsley, and 2 teaspoons Dijon mustard in large bowl. Place chicken in egg mixture; turn to coat. Sprinkle chicken with salt and pepper. Dip each chicken piece in panko; turn to coat. Heat oil in large nonstick skillet over medium-high heat. Add chicken; cook until brown and cooked through, about 4 minutes per side. Meanwhile, whisk broth, syrup, coarse-grained mustard, and remaining 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard in glass measuring cup. Transfer chicken to plates. Add broth mixture  <END>
INPUT: double, tart, heavy cream, milk, sugar, kosher salt, egg yolks
OUTPUT: TITLE: Double Chocolate Tart with Black Pepper Ice Cream | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups heavy cream; 2 cups whole milk; 1 cup sugar, divided; 1 teaspoon kosher salt; 9 large egg yolks; 1 tablespoon freshly ground black pepper; 1/4 cup sugar; 1 large egg white; 1/4 teaspoon kosher salt; 3/4 cup skinned hazelnuts; Nonstick vegetable oil spray; 6 1/2 ounces chocolate wafer cookies (such as Nabisco Famous Chocolate Wafers; about 28 cookies), coarsely broken; 5 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted; 15 ounces high-quality milk chocolate (such as Valrhona, Scharffen Berger, or Lindt), chopped; 1 1/4 cups heavy cream | INSTRUCTIONS: For ice cream: Bring cream, milk, 1/2 cup sugar, and salt to a boil in a large heavy saucepan over medium heat, stirring to dissolve sugar; remove from heat. Whisk egg yolks and remaining 1/2 cup sugar in a large bowl to blend; gradually whisk in hot milk mixture and return to saucepan. Stir over low heat until custard thickens and your finger leaves a path on the back of a spoon when drawn across, about 6 minutes. Pour through a fine-mesh strainer into a medium bowl. Stir in pepper. Set bowl over a large bowl of ice water; stir until cold. Process custard in an ice cream maker according to ma <END>
INPUT: rustic, boiling hot water, porcini mushrooms, mushrooms
OUTPUT: TITLE: Rustic Porcini Onion Stuffing | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 (1-lb) Pullman or round loaves, torn into 1-inch pieces (20 cups); 1 stick (1/2 cup) unsalted butter plus additional for greasing dish; 4 1/2 cups boiling-hot water; 2 oz dried porcini mushrooms (sometimes called cèpes; 54 g); 10 oz fresh white mushrooms, cut into 1/2-inch wedges (3 cups); 1 large onion, halved lengthwise, then sliced crosswise 1/2 inch thick; 4 large shallots, quartered; 2 celery ribs, sliced 1/4 inch thick; 2 medium carrots, halved lengthwise, then sliced crosswise 1/4 inch thick; 3 garlic cloves, minced; 1 1/2 teaspoons chopped fresh thyme; 1 1/2 teaspoons chopped fresh sage; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh flat-leaf parsley; 2 1/4 teaspoons salt; 1/2 teaspoon black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Put oven racks in upper and lower thirds of oven and preheat oven to 350°F. Spread bread in 2 large shallow baking pans and bake in upper and lower thirds of oven, stirring occasionally and switching position of pans halfway through baking, until dry, 20 to 25 minutes total. Transfer bread to a large bowl. Increase oven temperature to 450°F and butter a 13- by 9-inch baking dish (3-quart capacity). Pour boiling-hot water over porcini and soak 20 minutes, then drain in a fine-mesh sieve set over a bowl, squeezing porcini and reserving soaking liquid. Rinse porcini under cold water to remove any <END>
INPUT: chile, lime juice, olive oil, paprika, fine sea salt, cayenne
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chile Peanuts | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 1/2 tablespoons fresh lime juice; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1 tablespoon paprika (not hot); 2 teaspoons fine sea salt; 1 teaspoon cayenne; 4 cups unsalted dry-roasted peanuts (about 17 oz) | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 250°F with rack in middle. Whisk together lime juice, oil, paprika, sea salt, and cayenne. Stir in peanuts to coat evenly. Spread peanuts in a large shallow baking pan and bake until coating is dry and fragrant, about 30 minutes. Cool completely before serving. Preheat oven to 250°F with rack in middle. Whisk together lime juice, oil, paprika, sea salt, and cayenne. Stir in peanuts to coat evenly. Spread peanuts in a large shallow baking pan and bake until coating is dry and fragrant, about 30 minutes. Cool completely before serving. <END>
INPUT: honeysuckle, honey, lemon vodka rum, lemon juice, lemon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lemon Balm Honeysuckle | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 tablespoons honey; 2 cups lemon vodka or white rum; 3/4 cup fresh lemon juice; 1 cup (loosely packed) fresh lemon balm leaves or mint leaves; 8 lemon slices | INSTRUCTIONS: Stir honey and 6 tablespoons hot water in a large pitcher until honey is dissolved. Stir in vodka and lemon juice. Add 2 cups ice cubes. Cover and refrigerate until chilled, about 2 hours. Squeeze lemon balm several times to lightly bruise leaves; add to pitcher. Fill Old Fashioned glasses with ice cubes. Divide cocktail among glasses. Garnish with lemon slices and serve. Stir honey and 6 tablespoons hot water in a large pitcher until honey is dissolved. Stir in vodka and lemon juice. Add 2 cups ice cubes. Cover and refrigerate until chilled, about 2 hours. Squeeze lemon balm several times to  <END>
INPUT: American, all purpose flour, salt, granulated sugar, solid vegetable shortening
OUTPUT: TITLE: Concord Grape and Pear Pie | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 1/2 cups all-purpose flour, plus more for rolling; 1 teaspoon salt; 1 1/2 tablespoons granulated sugar; 1 stick (8 tablespoons) unsalted butter, cut into small pieces and frozen for 15 minutes; 1/2 cup chilled solid vegetable shortening, cut into pieces and refrigerated for 15 minutes; 1 large egg, beaten; Coarse sugar, for sprinkling; 1 pound concord grapes (about 4 cups grapes); 3/4 cup granulated sugar; 3 1/2 pounds medium-ripe Anjou or Bosc pears, peeled, quartered, cored, and cut into 1/4-inch slices (about 7 pears); 1/4 cup cornstarch; 2 tablespoons lemon juice; 1/4 teaspoon kosher salt; 9-inch pie pan, a 1 1/2- to 2-inch cookie cutter, preferably leaf-shaped | INSTRUCTIONS: Make the pie dough: In the bowl of a food processor, pulse 2 1/2 cups flour, salt, and sugar. Add butter and shortening and pulse until coarse, pea-sized crumbs form, about 10 seconds. With the machine running, add 5 tablespoons ice water and process until the dough just holds together, about 30 seconds. Squeeze a small amount of dough between your fingers: If it is very crumbly, add more ice water, 1 tablespoon at a time (2 tablespoons maximum). Do not over process. Turn dough out onto a lightly floured surface and push together into a rough ball. Knead a few times to combine. Divide the doug <END>
INPUT: Mexican, soup, virgin olive oil, ancho chile, shallots, butternut squash, cumin
OUTPUT: TITLE: Ancho-Butternut Squash Soup | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1 dried ancho chile, stemmed and seeded; 2 shallots, chopped; 1 butternut squash, peeled, seeded and chopped (about 7 cups); 2 teaspoons ground cumin; Kosher salt; 2 teaspoons agave nectar or honey; Juice of 1/2 lime; Roasted salted pepitas and cayenne pepper or chili powder, for topping | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat the olive oil in a large pot over medium-low heat. Add the ancho and cook, turning, until toasted, about 1 minute. Add the shallots and cook, stirring occasionally, until softened, about 3 minutes. Add the squash, cumin and 1 teaspoon salt, stirring to coat. Add 6 cups water and bring to a boil; reduce the heat to medium low and simmer until the squash is tender, 25 to 30 minutes. Working in batches, transfer the soup to a blender and puree until smooth (or puree in the pot with an immersion blender). Return the soup to the pot; stir in the agave and lime juice. Season with salt and thin  <END>
INPUT: confit, Moulard duck legs, water, coarse salt, pepper, thyme
OUTPUT: TITLE: Duck Confit on Corn and Baby Butterbean Succotash with Smoked Tomato Ketchup | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 8 Moulard duck legs plus 8 wings plus 1 pound duck gizzards, or 12 Moulard duck legs; 1 cup water; 1 cup coarse salt; 1 tablespoon freshly ground black pepper; 1 1/2 teaspoons dried thyme; 1 1/2 teaspoons crushed dried rosemary; 1 bay leaf, crushed; 1 teaspoon quatre epices, or 1/4 teaspoon each ground cinnamon, cloves, nutmeg, and black pepper; 1 large head garlic; 10 whole cloves; 8 cups rendered duck fat; Corn and Baby Butterbean Succotash, recipe follows; Smoked Tomato Puree, recipe follows; Roasted Garlic Puree, recipe follows; Smoked Tomato Ketchup, recipe follows | INSTRUCTIONS: For the confit, remove any excess skin and fat from pieces of duck; cut skin and fat into cubes, place in a deep pot with 1 cup water, and slowly render fat over medium heat. When water has evaporated and remaining liquid is strained, clear duck fat will remain. Use the fat in this recipe, or pour it into a clean container, cover, and refrigerate or freeze for future use. Place the duck pieces in a large mixing bowl. Combine salt, pepper, thyme, rosemary, bay leaf, and quatre epices, and rub mixture over duck pieces. Cut unpeeled head of garlic in half crosswise, stud with cloves and add to bo <END>
INPUT: Italian, fettuccine, olive oil, prosciutto, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fettuccine with Prosciutto, Tomatoes, and Cream | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound fettuccine; 3 tablespoons olive oil, divided; 6 ounces thinly sliced prosciutto, cut crosswise into 1-inch-wide strips; 3 garlic cloves, pressed; 3 (14 1/2-ounce) cans petite diced tomatoes in juice, drained; 1/2 cup whipping cream; 1/2 cup coarsely chopped fresh Italian parsley; 1/2 cup grated Parmesan cheese plus additional for serving | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook pasta in large pot of boiling salted water until tender but still firm to bite, stirring occasionally. Drain. Transfer pasta to large bowl. Meanwhile, heat 1 tablespoon oil in heavy large skillet over medium-high heat. Add prosciutto and sauté until crisp, about 5 minutes. Transfer prosciutto to paper towels. Add remaining 2 tablespoons oil to same skillet. Add garlic and sauté 15 seconds. Add tomatoes and simmer 5 minutes, stirring occasionally. Stir in cream, parsley, and 1/2 cup cheese. Bring to boil; season with salt and pepper. Add sauce to pasta in bowl; toss to coat. Sprinkle with  <END>
INPUT: salt, pepper, vegetable oil, unsalted butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken with Vinegar | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 (3 1/2- to 4-lb) chicken, cut into 8 serving pieces; 2 teaspoons salt; 1 teaspoon black pepper; 1 tablespoon vegetable oil; 3 tablespoons unsalted butter; 4 large garlic cloves, finely chopped; 1/3 cup finely chopped shallots (about 2 medium); 1 medium carrot, finely chopped; 2 fresh thyme sprigs; 2 Turkish bay leaves or 1 California; 1 tablespoon tomato paste; 1 cup dry red wine; 1/2 cup red-wine vinegar; 2 tablespoons sugar; 1 cup reduced-sodium chicken broth (8 fl oz) | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook chicken: Put oven rack in middle position and preheat oven to 350°F. Pat chicken dry and sprinkle with 1 teaspoon salt and 1/2 teaspoon pepper. Heat oil and 1 tablespoon butter in a 10- to 12-inch heavy skillet over moderately high heat until foam subsides, then brown chicken in 2 batches, turning over once, 8 to 10 minutes per batch. Transfer chicken as browned to a small (13- by 9-inch) flameproof roasting pan, arranging it in 1 layer. Once all chicken is browned, roast, uncovered, in oven 15 minutes. Put oven rack in middle position and preheat oven to 350°F. Pat chicken dry and sprink <END>
INPUT: Mexican, cashew, virgin olive oil, butter, onion, quick rice, chicken stock
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chipotle Cashew Chicken with Brown Rice | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil; 2 tablespoons butter; 1 large onion, 1/4 onion finely chopped, 3/4 thinly sliced; 2 cups quick cooking brown rice; 4 cups chicken stock; 2 tablespoons vegetable oil; 2 pounds chicken meat: tenders, boneless, skinless breasts or boneless, skinless thighs, cut into 2-inch pieces; 2 tablespoons grill seasoning blend (recommended: Montreal Steak Seasoning blend by McCormick); 2 to 3 tablespoons tamari dark soy sauce, eyeball it; 4 cloves garlic, chopped; 1 red bell pepper, seeded and thinly sliced; 10 to 12 water chestnuts, whole; 1 cup frozen green peas; 3 tablespoons chipotle in adobo (2 peppers and their sauce), available in cans on the international foods aisle or substitute 1 1/2 tablespoons ground; 1 tablespoon ground cumin, a palm full | INSTRUCTIONS: In a medium pot over medium heat combine 1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil, 1 turn of the pan, and 1 tablespoon butter. When butter melts into oil, add in the chopped onion, cook 2 minutes, then add rice and cook 3 minutes more. Add stock and cover the pot. Raise heat to bring stock to a rapid boil. Once the stock boils, reduce heat to low and cook, stirring occasionally, until rice is tender, 17-18 minutes. While rice cooks, make the chicken. Heat a large skillet over high heat. Add vegetable oil, 2 turns of the pan, then the chicken. Season the chicken with grill seasoning. Brown the chick <END>
INPUT: Italian, penne pasta, olive oil, uncooked shrimp, garlic, plum tomatoes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Penne with Spinach, Shrimp, Tomatoes and Basil | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 12 ounces penne pasta; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1 pound uncooked medium shrimp, peeled, deveined; 3 garlic cloves, minced; 5 large plum tomatoes, cut into thin wedges; 6 tablespoons chopped fresh basil; 3 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 2 teaspoons grated lemon peel; 6 cups (packed) baby spinach leaves (about 6 ounces) | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook pasta in large pot of boiling salted water until just tender but still firm to bite. Ladle 1 cup pasta cooking liquid into small bowl and reserve. Drain pasta. Return pasta to pot; cover to keep hot. Meanwhile, heat oil in large nonstick skillet over medium-high heat. Sprinkle shrimp with salt and pepper. Add shrimp and garlic to skillet and sauté 2 minutes. Add tomatoes, 4 tablespoons basil, lemon juice and lemon peel and sauté until shrimp are cooked through, about 3 minutes. Add spinach leaves to hot pasta; toss until spinach wilts. Add shrimp mixture and toss to blend. Add enough of r <END>
INPUT: whipped, heavy cream, powdered sugar, brandy
OUTPUT: TITLE: Brandy Whipped Cream | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup heavy cream; 1/4 cup powdered sugar; 1 tablespoon brandy | INSTRUCTIONS: Add the heavy cream and sugar to the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with a whisk attachment and whip until it forms soft peaks. Add the brandy and mix in. <END>
INPUT: soup, unsalted butter, virgin olive oil, onion, Kosher salt, celery
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cream of Celery Soup | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 tablespoons unsalted butter; 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1 onion, sliced; Kosher salt; 1 bunch celery, chopped; 1 small celery root (about 12 ounces), peeled and chopped; 1 bay leaf; 4 cups low-sodium chicken broth; 1 cup heavy cream; 1 cup mixed fresh herbs (such as parsley, tarragon and/or dill); 1/4 teaspoon celery salt; Assorted toppings:; Celery Leaves; Celery Salt; Cooked prosciutto | INSTRUCTIONS: Melt the butter with the olive oil in a large pot or Dutch oven over medium-high heat. Add the onion, season with 1/2 teaspoon salt and cook, stirring occasionally, until softened but not browned, about 4 minutes. Add the celery, celery root and 1 teaspoon salt. Cook, stirring occasionally, until the celery is tender, about 7 minutes. Add the bay leaf, chicken broth and 2 cups water and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat to medium low and cook until the celery root is very soft, about 20 minutes. Discard the bay leaf. Add the heavy cream and return to a simmer, then remove from the heat and let  <END>
INPUT: glaze, relish, fennel seeds, blood orange juice, orange juice, Dijon mustard, honey
OUTPUT: TITLE: Seared Tuna with Blood Orange-Fennel Glaze and Relish with Sauteed Watercress | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 teaspoons fennel seeds; 4 cups blood orange juice; 1 cup orange juice; 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard; 1 tablespoon honey; 4 tuna fillets, about 6 ounces each; Salt and freshly ground pepper; 3 tablespoons sherry vinegar; 3 tablespoons olive oil; Salt and pepper; 2 blood oranges, segmented; 1 cup finely sliced fennel; 2 tablespoons finely chopped parsley; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 2 cloves garlic, sliced | INSTRUCTIONS: Place a small saute pan over medium heat. Add the fennel seeds and toast for 1 minute. Place both juices and fennel seeds in a medium saucepan and cook over high heat until reduced to 1 cup. Remove from heat and whisk in mustard and honey. Heat saute pan or grill pan over high heat. Season the fillets on both sides with salt and pepper and brush 1 side of each piece of fish with the glaze. Cook glaze-side down until golden brown, about 2 minutes. Turn over, brush with more of the glaze and continue cooking for 1 to 2 minutes for medium-rare doneness. Whisk together the sherry, oil and salt and <END>
INPUT: American, casserole, salted butter, Salt, grits, herb garlic cheese, eggs
OUTPUT: TITLE: Garlic Grits Casserole | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 5 tablespoons salted butter, plus more for the dish; Salt; 1 cup instant grits; 10 ounces herb-and-garlic cheese (such as Boursin); 2 medium eggs; 1/2 cup whole milk; 1 cup crushed cornflakes | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Butter a 9-by-12-inch casserole dish. Bring 4 1/2 cups water to a boil in a medium saucepan; add 1 teaspoon salt. Add the grits and cook until thickened, about 5 minutes, whisking constantly. Add the cheese and 4 tablespoons butter to the hot grits and stir until melted and incorporated. Beat the eggs in a small bowl, then whisk in the milk; slowly stir the egg mixture into the grits. Pour the mixture into the prepared casserole dish. (You can make the casserole to this point up to 1 day ahead; cover and refrigerate.) Melt the remaining 1 tablespoon butter; p <END>
INPUT: fudge, Crisco® Original No, almond extract
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate Peanut Butter Fudge | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Crisco® Original No-Stick Cooking Spray; 1 (18 oz.) jar Jif® Extra Crunchy Peanut Butter or 1 (18 oz.) jar Jif® Creamy Peanut Butter; 1 (11.5 oz.) package milk chocolate chips; 1 (12 oz.) package semi-sweet chocolate chips; 1/4 teaspoon almond extract; 1 (14 oz.) can Eagle Brand® Sweetened Condensed Milk | INSTRUCTIONS: LINE an 8-inch square pan with aluminum foil, extending foil over edges of pan. Spray lightly with no-stick cooking spray. PLACE peanut butter and chocolate chips in medium microwave-safe bowl. Microwave on HIGH 1 to 2 minutes, stirring occasionally until melted. STIR in almond extract and sweetened condensed milk until blended. Pour into prepared pan; chill 1 hour or until firm. Remove fudge from pan by lifting foil; remove foil. Cut into 48 pieces. VARIATION CHOCOLATE RAISIN PEANUT BUTTER FUDGE: Prepare recipe as above stirring in 1/2 cup raisins with the almond extract. Tip:Cooking time is  <END>
INPUT: Italian, Basic Pizza Dough, My Marinara Sauce, mixed exotic mushrooms, olive oil, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Wild Mushroom Pizza | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 recipe Basic Pizza Dough, recipe follows; 1/2 cup My Marinara Sauce, recipe follows; 10 ounces mixed exotic mushrooms (shiitake, oyster, any wild mushrooms available), chopped; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 8 garlic cloves, roasted; 3 ounces Gruyere cheese; 3 ounces Parmesan cheese, grated; 3 ounces Swiss cheese, grated; 1 package yeast; 1/2 teaspoon sugar; 3/4 cup warm water; 2 cups allpurpose flour; Dash of salt; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1 medium to large onion, diced | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. Prepare pizza dough and roll it out to fit a 14inch pan. Spread My Marinara over the dough. In a skillet, saute the mushrooms in the olive oil. Spread the mushrooms on top of the sauce and cover them with dollops of the roasted garlic. Sprinkle all over with the cheeses and bake until all of the cheese melts, about 15 minutes. Mix the yeast, sugar and water in a small bowl. Proof the yeast by letting it stand 5 to 10 minutes until bubbles form. Sift the flour and salt into a large mixing bowl. Add the oil and yeast mixture to the dry ingredients. With a wooden sp <END>
INPUT: Asian, streusel, ginger, all purpose flour, sugar, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pumpkin Pie with Ginger Streusel | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons chopped peeled fresh ginger; 1 1/3 cups all purpose flour; 2 tablespoons sugar; 1/4 teaspoon ground cloves; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 1/4 cup (1/2 stick) chilled unsalted butter, cut into small pieces; 1/4 cup chilled solid vegetable shortening, cut into small pieces; 1 large egg yolk; 2 tablespoons (or more) ice water; 1 16-ounce can solid pack pumpkin; 1 1/2 cups whipping cream; 3 large eggs; 1/2 cup sugar; 1/4 cup packed golden brown sugar; 1 1/2 teaspoons ground cinnamon | INSTRUCTIONS: For crust: Place ginger in processor and process ;until minced. Add flour, sugar, cloves and salt; process to combine. Using on/off turns, cut in butter and shortening until mixture resembles coarse meal. Mix yolk and 2 tablespoons water in small bowl. Add yolk mixture to flour and butter mixture; process just until mixture forms moist clumps. If dough is too dry, blend in more water by teaspoonfuls. Gather dough into ball; flatten into disk. Wrap in plastic; chill 1 hour. (Can be made 1 day ahead. Keep chilled. Soften dough slightly at room temperature before rolling.) Preheat oven to 350°F.  <END>
INPUT: elsie, strudel, Granny Smith apples, sugar, salt, raisins
OUTPUT: TITLE: Elsie's Apple Strudel with Burnt Caramel Ice Cream | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 cup (1 1/2 sticks) unsalted butter, divided; 6 Granny Smith apples (about 3 pounds), peeled, cored, chopped; 1/2 cup plus 11 tablespoons sugar; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 1/2 cup raisins; 1 1/4 cups walnuts, toasted; 1/4 cup coarsely chopped, 1 cup finely chopped; 6 (17x13-inch) sheets phyllo pastry or twelve 14x9-inch sheets phyllo pastry, thawed if frozen; Powdered sugar; Burnt caramel ice cream | INSTRUCTIONS: Melt 1/4 cup butter in heavy large skillet over medium heat. Add apples and sauté until tender, about 10 minutes. Add 1/2 cup sugar and salt; stir until sugar is dissolved, about 1 minute. Add raisins and cook until almost all liquid is absorbed, about 2 minutes. Stir in 1/4 cup coarsely chopped walnuts. Spread apple mixture in rimmed baking sheet; cool. Line another rimmed baking sheet with parchment paper. Melt remaining 1/2 cup butter. Transfer 1 large phyllo sheet to baking sheet (if using small phyllo, place 2 sheets of phyllo on baking sheet, overlapping slightly). Brush lightly with mel <END>
INPUT: fettucine, unbleached all purpose, semolina, eggs, pasta machine
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fresh Egg Fettucine | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups unbleached all-purpose flour; 2 cups semolina (sometimes called semolina flour); 5 large eggs, lightly beaten; Equipment: a pasta machine | INSTRUCTIONS: Make dough: Combine flour and semolina, then mound on a work surface (preferably wooden). Make a well in center and add eggs and 1/2 teaspoon salt to well. (Alternatively, put ingredients in a food processor.) Gradually stir enough flour into eggs (using a fork) to form a paste, pulling in flour closest to egg mixture and being careful not to make an opening in wall of well. Knead remaining flour into mixture with your hands to form a dough (it should be firm and not sticky). Knead dough until smooth and elastic, 8 to 10 minutes. (If using a processor, blend about 30 seconds total.) Cover doug <END>
INPUT: Asian, stir, chicken broth, soy sauce, Scotch Sherry, rice vinegar wine, cornstarch
OUTPUT: TITLE: Stir-Fried Spinach in Garlic Sauce | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1/3 cup chicken broth; 1 1/2 tablespoons soy sauce; 1 tablespoon Scotch or medium-dry Sherry; 1 tablespoon rice vinegar or white-wine vinegar; 1 tablespoon cornstarch; 1 teaspoon sugar; 2 tablespoons vegetable oil; 1 1/2 tablespoons minced garlic; 1 tablespoon minced peeled fresh gingerroot; 1 1/2 pounds spinach (about 2 bunches), coarse stems discarded and the leaves washed well and spun dry; cooked rice as an accompaniment if desired | INSTRUCTIONS: In a glass measure stir together the broth, the soy sauce, the Scotch, the vinegar, the cornstarch, and the sugar until the cornstarch is dissolved. In a wok or large deep heavy skillet heat the oil over high heat until it is hot but not smoking, in it stir-fry the garlic and the gingerroot for 30 seconds, or until the garlic is golden, and add the spinach in batches, stir-frying until each batch is wilted slightly before adding each new one. Stir the cornstarch mixture, add it to the wok, and stir-fry the mixture mixture for 1 to 2 minutes, or until the spinach is wilted evenly and the sauce  <END>
INPUT: death, heavy cream, almond extract, confectioners' sugar, Decadent Brownie, Chocolate Pudding
OUTPUT: TITLE: Death By Chocolate | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups heavy cream; 1 teaspoon almond extract; 1/4 cup confectioners' sugar; 1 recipe Decadent Brownie, room temperature, recipe follows; 1 recipe Chocolate Pudding, room temperature, recipe follows; 5 (1.4-ounce) bars chocolate covered toffee; 1 1/4 sticks unsalted butter, plus more, softened, for pan; 1 cup unsweetened natural cocoa powder; 1/2 teaspoon fine sea salt; 1 1/3 cup sugar; 1 1/4 teaspoon pure vanilla extract; 2 large eggs, at room temperature; 2/3 cup all-purpose flour; 1 1/2 cups semisweet chocolate chips; 3/4 cup sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Special equipment: 1 (12 to 16 cup) glass trifle bowl or 12 to 16 individual small trifle bowls Whip the cream until stiff peaks are just about to form. Whip in the almond extract and confectioners'sugar until peaks form. Make sure not to over whip, the cream will then become lumpy and butter-like. When completely cool, use your hands to crumble the brownies into smaller pieces. In a glass trifle bowl, layer in the following order: crumbled brownies, about 1 1/2 cups pudding, 1 1/2 crumbled toffee bars, about 1 3/4 cups whipped cream. Repeat the layers in the sam <END>
INPUT: Asian, mush, water, cornmeal, salt, ginger, nonfat milk
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cornmeal Mush with Molasses and Ginger | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cups water; 1 cup yellow cornmeal; 3/4 teaspoon salt; 1 teaspoon minced peeled fresh ginger; 2 cups nonfat milk; 1/4 cup mild-flavored (light) molasses; 1/4 cup (packed) golden brown sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: Mix 1 1/2 cups water, cornmeal and salt in heavy medium saucepan. Cook over medium-low heat until mixture thickens, stirring frequently, about 8 minutes. Mix in ginger. Gradually add milk and stir until mixture comes to boil. Reduce heat to medium-low and cook until cereal is thick and smooth, stirring frequently, about 8 minutes. Remove saucepan from heat. Stir in molasses and brown sugar. Cover saucepan and let stand 15 minutes. Spoon cereal into bowls and serve Mix 1 1/2 cups water, cornmeal and salt in heavy medium saucepan. Cook over medium-low heat until mixture thickens, stirring freque <END>
INPUT: martini, sake, cucumber ball
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sake Martini | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 teaspoon sake, chilled well; 2 ounces (2 ponies) vodka, chilled well; 1 cucumber ball, cut with a small melon baller | INSTRUCTIONS: In a martini glass combine the sake and the vodka and garnish with the cucumber ball. In a martini glass combine the sake and the vodka and garnish with the cucumber ball. <END>
INPUT: Italian, lemony, Kosher salt pepper, spaghetti, ricotta, zest lemon lemon, baby arugula
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lemony Ricotta Spaghetti | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 pound spaghetti; 1 pound ricotta; Grated zest of 1 lemon plus 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 1 1/2 cups baby arugula | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add the spaghetti and cook according to the package directions. Reserve 1 cup of pasta cooking water and drain. Combine the ricotta, lemon zest, lemon juice and 1/2 teaspoon each salt and pepper in a large bowl. Whisk in 1/2 cup of the reserved pasta cooking water and the baby arugula. Toss with the pasta, adjust the seasoning with salt and pepper and the consistency with more of the reserved water if needed. Serve hot. Copyright 2016 Television Food Network, G.P. All rights reserved <END>
INPUT: garlic salt, poultry seasoning, pepper, pork tenderloin, virgin olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pork Tenderloin with Plum Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 teaspoons garlic salt (recommended: Lawry's); 2 teaspoons poultry seasoning (recommended: McCormick); 1 teaspoon ground black pepper; 1 1/2 pounds pork tenderloin, rinsed and patted dry; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1 cup white wine (recommended: Chardonnay); 1/2 cup Chinese-style plum sauce (recommended: Dynasty); 1 tablespoon cornstarch | INSTRUCTIONS: In a small bowl, stir together garlic salt, poultry seasoning, and black pepper. Season all sides of tenderloin; set aside. Add white wine, plum sauce, and cornstarch to a slow cooker; whisk to combine. Place both tenderloins into cooker, and sprinkle remaining spice rub over the top. Cook on HIGH for 4 hours. Let tenderloin rest 25-30 minutes before slicing. Slice 1/2-inch thick slices at an angle. Serve sliced tenderloin hot with plum sauce drizzled on top. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, nachos, canola other vegetable, corn tortillas, Cheddar, pinto beans, brisket
OUTPUT: TITLE: Brisket Nachos | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 4 cups canola or other vegetable oil; 9 corn tortillas; 2 cups shredded Cheddar; 1 1/2 cups pinto beans, warm; 1 cup cooked shredded brisket; 1 cup shredded Monterey jack; 1 1/2 cups shredded lettuce; 1 1/2 cups diced tomatoes; Sour cream; Guacamole; Salsa; Sliced jalapenos | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 300 degrees F. Heat oil in a deep-fryer to 350 degrees F. Drop corn tortillas 1 at a time into hot oil. Fry until the tortilla turns golden brown, about a minute. Remove the tortillas with tongs or a slotted spoon and drain on a wire rack set over a shallow pan or paper towel lined plate. Transfer the tortillas to a baking sheet. Sprinkle a layer of half the shredded Cheddar on top of the tortillas. Set aside the remaining cheese. Add a layer of heated pinto beans onto the cheese. Add the shredded brisket on top of the pinto beans. Top with Monterey jack and remaining Cheddar.  <END>
INPUT: caramel, sauce, beer, cardamom pods, Zest orange, unsalted butter, dark sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Beer-Orange Caramel Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 12-ounce bottle beer; 4 cardamom pods; Zest of 1/2 orange, in large strips; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1 1/2 cups packed dark brown sugar; 1 cup heavy cream; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; Pinch of sea salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring the beer, cardamom and orange zest to a gentle boil in a saucepan over medium heat; cook, stirring, until reduced to 1 cup, about 10 minutes. Add the butter and brown sugar and cook, stirring only if the mixture looks like it might boil over, until thick and syrupy, 10 to 12 minutes. To test for doneness, drop a bit of caramel into a bowl of cold water. It should form a soft ball; if it doesn't, keep cooking. Slowly stir in the cream and cook until the sauce thickens, about 5 minutes. Remove from the heat and stir in the vanilla and salt. Remove the cardamom and orange zest with a spoon. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, onion, Juice limes, chipotle chile adobo, cumin, Kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cumin Pork with Beans | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 red onion, thinly sliced; Juice of 3 limes; 1 teaspoon chopped chipotle chile in adobo sauce, plus 2 teaspoons sauce from the can; 2 teaspoons ground cumin; Kosher salt; 1 1/2 pounds pork tenderloin (1 large or 2 small), trimmed; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 3 small red or orange bell peppers, cut into thick strips; 1 15.5-ounce can black beans, drained and rinsed; 1 teaspoon honey; 1/2 cup roughly chopped fresh cilantro | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Combine half of the red onion with the juice of 2 limes, the chopped chipotle, 1/2 teaspoon cumin and a pinch of salt in a bowl; set aside while you cook the pork. Sprinkle the pork with the remaining 1 1/2 teaspoons cumin; season with salt. Heat a large skillet over medium-high heat. Add 1 tablespoon olive oil, then add the pork and brown on all sides, 8 minutes. Remove to a rimmed baking sheet; roast until a thermometer inserted into the center registers 145 degrees F, 12 to 15 minutes. Transfer to a cutting board. Add the bell peppers and the remaining 1 t <END>
INPUT: salad, sweet potatoes, Salt, mayonnaise, plain Greek yogurt, scallions
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sweet Potato Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 large sweet potatoes (about 3 1/4 pounds), peeled and cut into 1-inch cubes; Salt; 1/2 cup mayonnaise; 1/2 cup plain Greek yogurt; 1/2 cup diced scallions (about 6); 1 red bell pepper, finely diced; 2 tablespoons minced fresh chives; 1 to 2 teaspoons orange zest; 2 teaspoons apple cider vinegar; 1/2 teaspoon hot sauce, such as Tabasco; Freshly ground pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Place the potatoes in a large saucepan over high heat and cover with water. Add 2 teaspoons salt and bring to a boil. Boil until just tender, about 5 minutes. Drain and set aside to cool, 15 to 20 minutes. Meanwhile, in a medium bowl, mix the mayonnaise, yogurt, scallions, bell pepper, chives, orange zest, vinegar and hot sauce. Add the cooled potatoes to the mixture and toss gently until fully coated. Season with salt and pepper. Refrigerate and serve chilled. Photograph by Sarah Anne Ward <END>
INPUT: soup, olive oil, pancetta, carrots, celery, oregano
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chickpea and Broccoli Rabe Soup | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 teaspoons olive oil; 2 slices pancetta, chopped fine; 1 large or 2 small carrots, peeled and diced; 2 celery stalks, diced; 4 oregano sprigs; A pinch of dried chile flakes (optional); Salt; 4 garlic cloves, chopped; 2 cups cooked chickpeas; 2 cups chickpea cooking liquid; 2 cups chicken stock; 1 bunch of broccoli rabe; A drizzle of extra-virgin olive oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat a heavy-bottomed pot over medium heat. Add: 2 teaspoons olive oil 2 slices pancetta, chopped fine Cook for 3 minutes and then add: 1 large or 2 small carrots, peeled and diced 2 stalks celery, diced 1 onion, diced 4 oregano sprigs A pinch of dried chile flakes (optional) Cook, stirring now and then, until soft and lightly browned, about 12 minutes. Turn down the heat if the vegetables start to brown too quickly. When the vegetables are cooked, add: Salt 4 garlic cloves, chopped 2 cups cooked chickpeas Cook for a few minutes and pour in: 2 cups chickpea cooking liquid 2 cups chicken stock  <END>
INPUT: all purpose flour, Sea salt pepper, jumbo shrimp, unsalted butter, olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sauteed Shrimp | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup all-purpose flour; Sea salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 pound jumbo shrimp, peeled and deveined; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 2 garlic cloves, finely chopped; 2 shallots, finely chopped; 1 lemon, juiced; 1/2 cup chicken broth; Chopped fresh flat-leaf parsley, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Put the flour on a plate and season with a healthy amount of salt and pepper; mix with a fork to combine evenly. Dredge the shrimp in the seasoned flour to coat all sides. Heat the butter and oil in a heavy bottomed pan over medium heat until butter stops foaming and just starts to turn a light brown. Add the shrimp, and give it a toss, saute for 5 minutes until the shrimp is firm and there is a crispy coating on the outside. Remove the shrimp to a side plate and cover to keep warm. Put the pan back on the heat and add the garlic and shallots. Cook and stir for 1 minute until soft. Add the lem <END>
INPUT: wine, kosher salt, pepper, nutmeg
OUTPUT: TITLE: Escargot With Garlic-Parsley Butter | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup (2 sticks) European-style butter, room temperature; 1 tablespoon dry white wine; 1 1/2 teaspoons kosher salt; 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; Pinch of ground nutmeg; 12 garlic cloves, very finely chopped; 1 large shallot, finely chopped; 3/4 cup finely chopped parsley; 24 large empty escargots shells; 24 extra-large canned escargots, preferably from Burgundy | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 450°F. Using an electric mixer on medium, beat butter in a medium bowl until smooth. With motor off, add wine, salt, pepper, and nutmeg, then beat on medium until incorporated. Reduce speed to low and add garlic, shallot, and parsley; mix just until incorporated. Transfer butter to a disposable pastry bag or a resealable plastic bag and snip off end (or 1 corner if using plastic bag). Place shells in a single layer in a shallow 2-qt. baking dish and pipe about 2 tsp. garlic-parsley butter into each. Tuck a snail inside each shell, then pipe in more garlic-parsley butter to fill <END>
INPUT: vanilla bean, milk, Vahlrohna bittersweet chocolate, vanilla syrup
OUTPUT: TITLE: Hot Chocolate | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 vanilla bean; 2 cups milk; 1 cup grated Vahlrohna bittersweet chocolate; 1 ounce vanilla syrup | INSTRUCTIONS: Split and scrape out the insides of vanilla bean, place into milk and steam until frothy. Set aside and let infuse for 10 minutes. While the milk is still warm, add to a blender with the chocolate and vanilla syrup. Blend until chocolate is melted and the mixture is well combined. Serve immediately.; <END>
INPUT: leafy, greens, garlic, olive oil, pepper flakes, kosher salt, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Leafy Greens With Spicy Garlic Oil | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 garlic cloves, thinly sliced; 1/4 cup olive oil; 1/2 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes; 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt, plus more; Freshly ground black pepper; 2 large bunches Swiss chard or Tuscan kale, or 1/2 head escarole, leaves separated | INSTRUCTIONS: Prepare a grill for medium-high heat. Bring garlic, oil, red pepper flakes, and 1/2 tsp. salt to a boil in a small saucepan over medium. Cook until garlic is golden. Let cool; season with salt and pepper. Combine greens and oil in a large bowl, massaging oil into greens. Grill until lightly charred and softened, about 1 minute per side. Prepare a grill for medium-high heat. Bring garlic, oil, red pepper flakes, and 1/2 tsp. salt to a boil in a small saucepan over medium. Cook until garlic is golden. Let cool; season with salt and pepper. Combine greens and oil in a large bowl, massaging oil in <END>
INPUT: soup, milk, condensed milk, vanilla bean, bittersweet chocolate, cornstarch
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate Soup | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 1/2 cups whole milk; 1 cup sweetened condensed milk; 1 vanilla bean, split and scraped; 10 ounces bittersweet chocolate, chopped; 5 tablespoons cornstarch; 5 tablespoons cold water; Mini chocolate biscotti, for garnish; Fresh raspberries, for garnish; Fresh mint leaves, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: In a medium saucepan over medium heat, stir together the whole milk, sweetened condensed milk, and vanilla bean. Bring the mixture almost to a boil, stirring constantly. Remove from the heat and let it steep for 20 minutes. Strain and return to the pan. (Rinse and dry the vanilla bean and save it for another use.) Put the pan on low heat, add the chocolate, and whisk until the chocolate melts. Combine the cornstarch and water to form a slurry. Add the slurry a little at a time, whisking constantly, until the soup is thick and smooth. You will know it is ready when the bubbles are gone and the  <END>
INPUT: Mexican, ceviche, tilapia fillets, lime juice, tomato, cucumber, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tilapia Ceviche | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2 pounds tilapia fillets, finely diced* see Cook's Note; 1 cup lime juice (about 8 large limes); 1/2 cup seeded chopped tomato; 1/2 cucumber, peeled, seeded and finely diced; 1/2 cup finely chopped onion; 1/4 cup chopped fresh cilantro leaves; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1/2 cup clam-tomato juice (recommended: Clamato), optional; 1 tablespoon bottled hot sauce (recommended: Huichol), optional; 1 serrano chile, optional; Grilled Tostadas, recipe follows, or 6 purchased tostadas; Mayonnaise, for spreading; 1 avocado, halved, pitted, peeled, and thinly sliced; 1 lime, cut into wedges; 6 corn tortillas | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Put the tilapia in a medium bowl. Pour the lime juice over the fish and mix gently to combine. Cover with plastic wrap and chill in the refrigerator until the fish is white throughout, about 15 to 20 minutes. Remove from the refrigerator and drain off the lime juice, gently squeezing the fish with your hands. Discard the lime juice. Add the tomato, cucumber, onion, and cilantro. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Add the clam-tomato juice and the hot sauce and chile, if using. Spread the tostadas generously with mayonnaise and top with the ceviche. Arrange th <END>
INPUT: Mexican, ceviche, served, lemon, garlic, bay leaves, peppercorns, Sea salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Shrimp Ceviche Served in Coconuts | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 lemon, halved; 1 head garlic, halved; 3 bay leaves; 8 peppercorns; Sea salt; 1 1/2 pounds large shrimp, peeled; 2 cups coconut milk; 1/2 cup lime juice (about 6 to 8 limes), plus more for drizzling; 1 red onion, sliced thin; 2 serrano chiles, sliced thin; 1/2 bunch freshly chopped cilantro leaves, plus more for garnish; 4 coconuts; 2 cups rock or kosher salt, for serving; Extra-virgin olive oil, for drizzling | INSTRUCTIONS: Make the ceviche: Put a large pot of water over high heat and add the lemon, garlic, bay leaves, peppercorns and salt, to taste. When it comes to a boil add the shrimp and turn off the heat. Let the shrimp poach just until they are cooked through, about 3 to 5 minutes. Remove the shrimp to a sheet pan and refrigerate. When they are cool slice them in half lengthwise. Combine the coconut milk, lime juice, onion, chiles, and cilantro in a large bowl and season it with salt. Add the cooled shrimp and let them marinate, refrigerated, for about 1/2 hour. Prepare the coconut shells: Take a hammer an <END>
INPUT: Asian, cross, cultural, bulgur wheat, water, sesame oil, vegetable oil, ginger
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cross Cultural Bulgur Wheat | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cups bulgur wheat; 4 cups water; 2 tablespoons sesame oil; 4 tablespoons vegetable oil; 1 teaspoon minced ginger; 1/2 teaspoon minced garlic; Grated zest of a lemon; 2 tablespoons lemon juice; Salt and crushed red pepper; 1 cup chopped mint; 1 cup chopped cilantro; 1/4 cup scallions; 1/2 cup chopped jicama (or canned water chestnuts); Watercress and Boston lettuce leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: Set bulgur wheat in a bowl and cover with water; let stand for 20 minutes. Meanwhile in a mixing bowl combine sesame and vegetable oils with ginger, garlic, lemon zest and juice and season well to taste with salt and crushed red pepper. Drain the bulgur and squeeze out as much water as you can with your hands. Combine bulgur with dressing, mint, cilantro and scallions. Fold in the jicama and adjust seasoning; serve over watercress and Boston lettuce. <END>
INPUT: bread, packages active yeast, water, milk, olive oil, rosemary rosemary
OUTPUT: TITLE: Rosemary Bread | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 packages active dry yeast; 1 cup warm water; 1 cup milk, room temperature; 1/4 cup olive oil; 4 tablespoons finely chopped fresh rosemary or 2 tablespoons dried rosemary; 1 tablespoon salt; 6 cups unbleached all-purpose flour; 1 teaspoon kosher salt | INSTRUCTIONS: By Hand: Stir the yeast into the water in a large mixing bowl; let stand until creamy, about 10 minutes. Stir in the milk and oil. Combine the rosemary, salt, and flour and stir into the yeast mixture in 3 or 4 additions. Stir until the dough comes together. Knead on a floured surface until velvety, elastic, and smooth, 8 to 10 minutes. It should be somewhat moist and blistered. By Mixer: This recipe is slightly large for the mixer, so that you'll have to stop and push the dough down frequently while the mixer is kneading it. Stir the yeast into the water in a mixer bowl; let stand until cream <END>
INPUT: wrapped, dates, salted roasted almonds, bacon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Bacon-Wrapped Dates | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 35 to 40 pitted dates; 70 to 80 salted roasted almonds; 2 pounds thin bacon, cut in half | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Special equipment: 35 to 40 toothpicks Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Stuff each date with 1 to 2 almonds. Wrap each date with half a piece of bacon and secure with a toothpick. Bake, turning the dates halfway through so the bacon is evenly cooked, 15 to 18 minutes. Serve warm or at room temperature. <END>
INPUT: turtle, eggs, canola oil, buttermilk, vanilla extract
OUTPUT: TITLE: Special Turtle Cake | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Nonstick cooking spray, for cake pans; 2 eggs; 4 ounces canola oil; 8 ounces buttermilk; 1 ounce vanilla extract; 1 pound sugar; 10 1/2 ounces all-purpose flour; 3 1/2 ounces dark cocoa powder; 2 teaspoons baking soda; 1 teaspoon baking powder; 1 teaspoon salt; 7 ounces sugar; 5 ounces egg whites; 1 pound butter; 6 ounces heavy cream | INSTRUCTIONS: For the cake: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Spray the bottom and sides of two 8-inch round aluminum cake pans with nonstick cooking spray. In a large mixing bowl, combine the eggs, oil, 8 ounces water, buttermilk, vanilla, sugar, flour, cocoa powder, baking soda, baking powder and salt. Whisk by hand until completely smooth. Scrape down the sides of the bowl and whisk once more to ensure no lumps. Pour the cake batter into the prepared cake pans. Bake until the cakes are firm and a toothpick inserted into the center comes out clean, 18 to 22 minutes. For the meringue frosting: Mix the sug <END>
INPUT: spritz, Prosecco other sparkling, crème de cassis, soda, Blackberries
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cassis Spritz | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 ounces dry Prosecco or other sparkling white wine; 1 ounce crème de cassis (blackcurrant liqueur); Club soda; Blackberries | INSTRUCTIONS: Pour 4 ounces dry Prosecco or other sparkling white wine into an ice-filled large wine or rocks glass. Add 1 ounce crème de cassis (blackcurrant liqueur) and top off with club soda. Gently stir together; garnish with blackberries. Pour 4 ounces dry Prosecco or other sparkling white wine into an ice-filled large wine or rocks glass. Add 1 ounce crème de cassis (blackcurrant liqueur) and top off with club soda. Gently stir together; garnish with blackberries. <END>
INPUT: orzo, unsalted butter, currants, sugar, saffron
OUTPUT: TITLE: Saffron Currant Orzo | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup orzo; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1/4 cup currants; 1 tablespoon sugar; 1 teaspoon saffron; 4 cups milk; 4 eggs; Pinch salt; freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Cook the orzo for 8 to 10 minutes or according to package directions. Drain and toss with butter and currants and spread in a shallow 2 quart gratin dish; set aside. Add sugar and saffron to milk and bring just to under a boil and cool. Whisk eggs together and gradually blend in milk; season with a pinch of salt and lots of fresh pepper. Pour over pasta and currants. Place gratin dish in a large baking pan and pour boiling or very hot water into the pan to reach half way up the side of the gratin dish. Bake for 1 hour or until set.; <END>
INPUT: Asian, vegetable, slaw, honey, ketchup, oriental sesame oil, onions, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sesame Chicken Skewers with Vegetable Slaw | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup honey; 1/4 cup ketchup; 1/4 cup oriental sesame oil; 1/4 cup sliced green onions; 3 garlic cloves, minced; 1 tablespoon minced peeled fresh ginger; 3/4 cup soy sauce; 2 cups shredded green cabbage; 2 cups shredded red cabbage; 1 large red bell pepper, cut into matchstick-size strips; 1 large green bell pepper, cut into matchstick-size strips; 1 cup coarsely grated peeled carrots; 1/2 cup thinly sliced green onions; 4 skinless boneless chicken breast halves, each cut lengthwise into 4 strips; 16 wooden skewers, soaked in water 1 hour | INSTRUCTIONS: For dressing: Puree honey, ketchup, sesame oil, green onions, garlic, and ginger in processor until smooth. With machine running, gradually add soy sauce. (Dressing can be made 1 day ahead. Cover and refrigerate.) Puree honey, ketchup, sesame oil, green onions, garlic, and ginger in processor until smooth. With machine running, gradually add soy sauce. (Dressing can be made 1 day ahead. Cover and refrigerate.) For slaw and skewers: Combine first 6 ingredients in large bowl. Cover slaw and refrigerate. (Can be made 4 hours ahead. Keep refrigerated.) Mix chicken with 1 cup dressing in medium bow <END>
INPUT: American, ribbon, sifted all purpose, salt, sugar, unsalted butter, ice water
OUTPUT: TITLE: Apple Ribbon Pie | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 1/4 cups sifted all-purpose flour; 1 teaspoon salt; 1 teaspoon sugar; 6 ounces cold unsalted butter, cut into pieces; 1/4 cup ice water (strain out the ice just before using); 1 teaspoon red wine vinegar; 1/2 cup sugar; 1/8 teaspoon salt; 1 1/2 tablespoons cornstarch; 1/4 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1/8 teaspoon ground nutmeg; 5 Granny Smith apples, peeled; 1 1/2 tablespoons cold unsalted butter, cut into pieces | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: 10-inch aluminum pie pan; Japanese-style turning vegetable slicer Make the Crust: In a mixer fitted with a paddle attachment (or using a hand mixer), mix the flour, salt, and sugar for 1 minute. Add the butter and mix just until you have a crumbly, sandy mixture. (You should still be able to see the pieces of butter.) In a small bowl, stir the water and vinegar together. With the mixer running at medium speed, drizzle in the water-vinegar mixture and mix just until a dough forms. (You should still see small bits of butter.) Transfer the dough to a work surface and shape into <END>
INPUT: American, warm, egg, water, bread crumbs, cider vinegar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Baby Greens with Warm Goat Cheese | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 large egg white; 1 teaspoon water; 2 (1/3-inch-thick) rounds soft mild goat cheese, cut from a cold log; 2 tablespoons dry bread crumbs (preferably Japanese panko); 1 teaspoon cider vinegar; 1/8 teaspoon salt; 1/8 teaspoon Dijon mustard; Pinch of sugar; 1 tablespoon plus 1 teaspoon extra-virgin olive oil; 2 cups mesclun (mixed baby salad greens; 1 oz) | INSTRUCTIONS: Whisk together egg white and water. Dip cheese rounds in egg, letting excess drip off, then dredge in bread crumbs, pressing lightly to adhere. Chill 15 minutes. Whisk together vinegar, salt, mustard, sugar, and a pinch of pepper in a small salad bowl. Add 1 tablespoon oil in a slow stream, whisking until emulsified. Heat remaining teaspoon oil in a small nonstick skillet over moderately high heat until hot but not smoking, then sauté cheese until golden, about 30 seconds per side. Remove skillet from heat. Add greens to dressing and toss gently to coat. Serve salad topped with warm cheese. Wh <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, foil, couscous, virgin olive oil, smoked paprika, Kosher salt pepper, catfish fillets
OUTPUT: TITLE: Catfish Baked in Foil | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup couscous (preferably whole wheat); 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 3/4 teaspoon smoked paprika; Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper; 4 6-ounce skinless catfish fillets; 2 lemons (1 thinly sliced, 1 juiced); 1/3 cup roughly chopped fresh parsley or mint; 1 medium red onion, thinly sliced; 1 cup cherry tomatoes, halved; 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Lay a 2 1/2-foot-long sheet of aluminum foil on a baking sheet, letting the ends hang off. Lay another sheet of foil perpendicular on top. Rinse the couscous in a fine-mesh sieve under cold water. Mix the olive oil, paprika and 3/4 teaspoon each salt and pepper in a small bowl. Pile the couscous in the center of the foil; toss with 1/2 tablespoon of the seasoned oil and spread in an 8-inch-square layer. Brush the fish fillets on both sides with 1 tablespoon of the seasoned oil and arrange side by side on top of the couscous. Toss the lemon slices, parsley, re <END>
INPUT: Asian, dumplings, pork butt, scallions, soy sauce, Asian sesame oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pork Dumplings with Soy-Ginger Sauce | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound pork butt, coarsely ground; 1 cup finely chopped scallions; 3 tablespoons soy sauce; 1 tablespoon Asian sesame oil; 1 tablespoon peeled, grated gingerroot; 1/2 pound Chinese Napa cabbage,* finely chopped (See Cook's Note); 1 1-pound package round dumpling wrappers (gyoza), 3 inches in diameter; Soy-Ginger Sauce, recipe follows; 1/4 cup soy sauce; 1/4 cup balsamic vinegar; 2 tablespoons water; 1 tablespoon peeled, julienned gingerroot, soaked in ice water | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large bowl, combine the pork, scallions, soy sauce, sesame oil and gingerroot. Mix well so that the flavors will penetrate the meat. Then add the cabbage and mix until all the ingredients are thoroughly combined. The filling will not taste right if you try to combine all the ingredients at once. Place 1 dumpling wrapper on a plate or a board. Place 1 scant tablespoon of pork mixture in the center. Moisten the edges of the wrapper with a little water, then fold them over the filling to form a half-moon shape. Pinch the center together first, then stand the dumpling up on its base and pleat <END>
INPUT: American, cheese, Kosher salt pepper, vegetable oil, onion, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chili Mac and Cheese | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: Kosher salt and black pepper; 2 cups (8 ounces) macaroni; 2 tablespoons vegetable oil; 1 small red onion, chopped; 3 cloves garlic, minced; 1/2 red bell pepper, chopped; 8 ounces lean ground beef; 2 teaspoons chili powder; 1 1/2 teaspoons cumin; 1 teaspoon paprika; 1/2 teaspoon dried oregano; One 15-ounce can kidney beans, undrained; One 14.5-ounce can diced tomatoes, undrained; 2 tablespoons tomato paste; 2 tablespoons butter | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Bring a large pot of water to a boil. Add some salt and then the macaroni. Cook to al dente according to the package directions. Drain and hold until the cheese sauce is ready. Heat the oil in a medium pot over medium heat. Add the red onions and cook, covered, until soft, a couple of minutes. Add the garlic and bell peppers and cook an additional 2 to 5 minutes, being careful not to burn the garlic. Add the ground beef and sprinkle with salt and pepper; cook until browned, stirring to break up the beef into small pieces. Add the chili powder, cumin, paprika  <END>
INPUT: Mexican, sweet corn, lime, butter, Chili powder, Salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Corn on the Cob with Chili and Lime | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 4 ears sweet corn, shucked and cleaned; 1 lime, wedges; 1/2 stick butter, cut into pats; Chili powder, for sprinkling; Salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Simmer corn 6 to 8 minutes in water. Drain and arrange the ears on a shallow plate in a single row. Squeeze all of the ears liberally with lime juice. Nest pats of butter into paper towels, or in a slice of bread and rub lime-doused hot corn with butter. Season ears with a sprinkle of chili powder and salt, to taste <END>
INPUT: framboise, semisweet chocolate, unsweetened, sugar, unsalted butter, eggs
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate Framboise | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 12 ounces/330 g semisweet chocolate; 3/4 cup/175 ml cup unsweetened, strained raspberry puree; 1/2 cup/95 g sugar; 1 cup/2 sticks/225 g unsalted butter, cubed; 5 eggs; 1 tablespoon raspberry liqueur or kirsch; About 1 cup/250 ml heavy cream, whipped; Fresh raspberries, to decorate | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat the oven to 350 degrees F/175 degrees C and bring a full kettle to the boil for a bain-marie. Make the framboise: Put the chocolate, raspberry puree and sugar in a bain-marie and heat to melt, then bring to a boil to thicken. Whisk in the butter, a piece at a time, until smooth. Remove from the heat and beat in the eggs, one at a time. Strain into a tinfoil lined 4 cup/1 litre charlotte mold or metal bowl. Set the mold or bowl in a casserole that will accommodate it, pour the water halfway up the sides of the mold, and bake until the mixture has risen and set, about 45 minutes. Remove fro <END>
INPUT: biscotti, all purpose flour, sugar, slivered almonds, aniseed, baking powder
OUTPUT: TITLE: Anise Biscotti | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 1/4 cups all purpose flour; 1 cup sugar; 1/2 cup slivered almonds; 1 tablespoon aniseed; 1/2 teaspoon baking powder; 1/2 teaspoon baking soda; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/4 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 2 large eggs; 1 tablespoon brandy; 1 tablespoon amaretto or other almond liqueur; 1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract; 1/2 teaspoon finely grated orange peel; 1/2 teaspoon finely grated lemon peel | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 375°F. Line large rimmed baking sheet with parchment paper. Mix first 8 ingredients in large bowl. Whisk eggs and all remaining ingredients in medium bowl to blend. Add egg mixture to flour mixture and stir until moistened; gather dough together. Turn dough out onto baking sheet and shape into 12-inch-long by 3-inch-wide log. Bake log until golden brown and firm to touch, about 30 minutes. Transfer to rack and cool log on baking sheet 30 minutes. Reduce oven temperature to 250°F. Using long metal spatula, carefully transfer log to work surface. Using serrated knife, cut crosswi <END>
INPUT: Italian, primavera, penne rotelle, chicken stock, broccoli florets, carrots, squash
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pasta Primavera | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 8 ounces penne or rotelle, reserve 1/2 cup pasta cooking liquid; 3/4 cup chicken stock; 1 cup broccoli florets; 1 cup thinly sliced carrots; 1 cup thinly sliced yellow squash; 1/2 cup fresh or frozen petits pois; 1 tablespoon olive oil; 2 cups seeded and diced plum tomatoes, including juices; 2 cloves garlic, minced; 2 tablespoons each minced fresh parsley and basil; 1/4 cup heavy cream; 1/2 cup freshly grated Parmesan cheese; Salt and pepper to taste | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring a large pot of salted water to boil, add pasta and cook until a little less than al dente, about 3 minutes. Drain pasta, reserving 1/2 cup of the cooking liquid. In the same pot, combine the chicken stock and cooking liquid and simmer to reduce. In another large pot of boiling salted water, blanch the broccoli, carrots, yellow squash, peas and then plunge them in ice water to refresh. In a skillet, heat oil and add the tomatoes including their liquid and garlic and simmer for 3 minutes. Stir in parsley and basil. Add the cream to the simmering chicken stock. Then add the pasta to the sim <END>
INPUT: soup, olive oil, shallots, garlic, shelled peas
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fresh Pea and Mint Soup | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1 2/3 cups chopped shallots (about 6 very large); 2 garlic cloves, minced; 8 cups shelled fresh peas (from about 5 pounds peas in pods) or two 16-ounce bags frozen petite peas, unthawed; 5 1/2 cups (or more) low-salt chicken broth (preferably organic); 1/4 cup chopped fresh mint plus additional for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat oil in heavy large pot over medium heat. Add shallots and garlic. Sauté until tender, about 7 minutes. Add peas and stir 1 minute. Add 5 1/2 cups broth and bring to simmer. Cook until peas are very tender, about 8 minutes. Cool 15 minutes. Puree soup and 1/4 cup chopped mint in batches in blender until smooth. Return to same pot; thin with more broth by 1/4 cupfuls, if desired. DO AHEAD: Can be made 1 day ahead. Cool, cover, and chill. Rewarm soup over medium-low heat. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Ladle into bowls; garnish with additional mint. Heat oil in heavy large pot over me <END>
INPUT: glaze, soy sauce, pure maple syrup
OUTPUT: TITLE: Salmon Fillet with Soy Glaze | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup soy sauce; 1/4 cup pure maple syrup; 1 (2-lb) piece center-cut salmon fillet with skin (1 1/2 inches thick) | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 450°F. Line bottom of a broiler pan with foil, then oil rack of pan. Boil soy sauce and maple syrup in a small saucepan over moderate heat until glaze is reduced to 1/3 cup, about 5 minutes. Arrange salmon, skin side down, on rack of broiler pan and pat dry. Reserve 1 1/2 tablespoons glaze in a small bowl for brushing after broiling. Brush salmon generously with some of remaining glaze. Let stand 5 minutes, then brush with more glaze. Roast salmon in middle of oven 10 minutes. Turn on broiler and brush salmon with glaze again, then broil 4 to 5 inches from heat until just cooke <END>
INPUT: Italian, lasagna, ricotta, milk, Turkish bay leaf, all purpose flour, coarse kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Swiss Chard Lasagna with Ricotta and Mushroom | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 2 1/2 cups whole milk; 1 Turkish bay leaf; 6 tablespoons (3/4 stick) unsalted butter; 1/4 cup all purpose flour; 1/2 teaspoon coarse kosher salt; 1/2 teaspoon (scant) ground nutmeg; Pinch of ground cloves; 1 pound Swiss chard, center rib and stem cut from each leaf; 4 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, divided; 1 1/3 cups chopped onion; 4 large garlic cloves, chopped, divided; 1/4 teaspoon dried crushed red pepper; Coarse kosher salt; 1 pound crimini mushrooms, sliced; 1/4 teaspoon ground nutmeg | INSTRUCTIONS: For béchamel sauce: Bring milk and bay leaf to simmer in medium saucepan; remove from heat. Melt butter in heavy large saucepan over medium-low heat. Add flour and whisk to blend. Cook 2 minutes, whisking almost constantly (do not let roux brown). Gradually whisk milk with bay leaf into roux. Add 1/2 teaspoon coarse salt, nutmeg, and cloves and bring to simmer. Cook until sauce thickens enough to coat spoon, whisking often, about 3 minutes. Remove bay leaf. DO AHEAD: Béchamel sauce can be made 1 day ahead. Press plastic wrap directly onto surface and chill. Remove plastic and rewarm sauce befo <END>
INPUT: vinaigrette, tomatoes, olive oil, Champagne vinegar, snipped chives, tarragon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tomato Vinaigrette | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 pounds ripe fresh tomatoes, peeled and seeded and finely chopped; 4 tablespoons olive oil; 2 tablespoons Champagne vinegar; 2 tablespoons snipped chives; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh tarragon; Salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine tomatoes with olive oil and vinegar, chives and tarragon and season with salt and pepper. <END>
INPUT: mangoes, heavy whlpping cream, confectioners' sugar, fresh!y Coconut, mint
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mango Cream | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 large mangoes; 1 cup heavy whlpping cream; 3 tablespoons confectioners' sugar; 2 tablespoons fresh!y toasted Coconut; Fresh mint, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Peel the mangoes and cut them into pieces. Place the mango pieces in a medium-sized saucepan with water to cover and cook them over low heat for 10 minutes, or until very tender. When cooked, put the mango through a food mill until you have a thick pulp. Place the pulp in a small bowl, cover it with plastic wrap, and chill it for 1 hour. Meanwhile, whip the cream with an electric mixer or wire whisk, slowly sprinkling in the sugar. When the mango pulp is chilled, slowly fold in the sweetened cream, stirring only enough to make sure that the ingredients are well mixed. Pour the mango cream into <END>
INPUT: mojito, lime, mint, Raspberry Infused Simple, rum, Ice cubes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Raspberry Mojito | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 lime slices, cut into wheel shape; 1 sprig fresh mint; 1/2 ounce or 1 tablespoon Raspberry-Infused Simple Syrup, recipe follows; 2 ounces or 1/4 cup white rum; Ice cubes, as needed; Raspberry, for garnish; 1 cup sugar; 1 cup water; 2 cups raspberries | INSTRUCTIONS: In a cocktail shaker, muddle or crush the lime and mint leaves. Add in the raspberry simple syrup and white rum. Add ice, cover, shake, and then serve in a rocks glass. Garnish with a raspberry. To make the simple syrup: In a saucepan combine the sugar and water. Cook the mixture over medium heat until the sugar dissolves. Remove from the saucepan from the heat and add in the raspberries. Allow the mixture to steep for at least one day. The simple syrup will keep up to 2 weeks in the refrigerator. Add the syrup to the drink when called for above. Cook Time: 10 minutes Inactive Prep Time: 24 ho <END>
INPUT: fudge, dark chocolate, salt, shelled pistachios
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate Pistachio Fudge | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 12 ounces 70 percent dark chocolate, chopped or 12 ounces semisweet chocolate, chopped; 1 (14-ounce) can condensed milk; Pinch salt; 1 cup shelled pistachios | INSTRUCTIONS: Melt the chopped chocolate, condensed milk and salt in a heavy based pan on a low heat. Put the nuts into a freezer bag and bash them with a rolling pin, until broken up into both big and little pieces. Add the nuts to the melted chocolate and condensed milk and stir well to mix. Pour this mixture into a 9-inch square foil tray, smoothing the top. Let the fudge cool and then refrigerate until set. You can then cut into small pieces approximately 3/4 by 1 3/4 inches or cutting 8 by 8 lines in the tin to give 64 pieces. Once cut you can keep it in the freezer, no need to thaw just eat straight a <END>
INPUT: roast, bratwurst sausages, smoked bratwurst sausages, Mexican chorizo, dozen oysters, dozen hard shelled
OUTPUT: TITLE: Oyster Roast | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 lb fresh bratwurst sausages; 1/2 lb smoked bratwurst sausages; 3/4 lb Mexican chorizo (spicy fresh pork sausages); 12 dozen oysters, well scrubbed; 4 dozen small hard-shelled (littleneck) clams, well scrubbed; 1 (12-oz) bottle of beer (not dark); Accompaniments: Lowcountry aïoli , cocktail sauce, lemon wedges, and melted butter; Special equipment: about 2 yards burlap (for grill method) or heavy-duty foil, 12 oyster knives, and 12 oven mitts or thick kitchen towels | INSTRUCTIONS: Charcoal grill method for sausages and oysters: Prepare grill for cooking with about 7 pounds of briquets. (You’ll need about 15 pounds of briquets total.) Prick bratwursts and chorizo in several places with a fork, then grill, covered, turning occasionally, until browned and cooked through, about 10 minutes. Scatter about 12 additional briquets over glowing coals and replace rack. Fold burlap into a triple layer slightly smaller than grill surface and soak completely with water. Put 3 to 4 dozen oysters directly on grill rack, cover with wet burlap, and roast, without grill cover, until shell <END>
INPUT: American, tamales, butter, onion, garlic, zucchini, leaves kale
OUTPUT: TITLE: Kale and Cheese Tamales | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons butter; 1/2 large white onion, chopped; 1 large clove garlic, minced; 1 zucchini, diced; 4 leaves kale, stems removed and chopped; 1/3 cup vegetable broth; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 cups shredded Oaxaca cheese or mozzarella cheese; 2 cups masa harina; 1 teaspoon baking powder; 1/4 cup vegetable shortening; 2 cups vegetable broth, warm; 3/4 teaspoons kosher salt; 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 24 corn husks, soaked until soft and patted dry, plus more for lining steamer | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. For the filling: Melt the butter in a heavy large skillet over medium-high heat. Add the onion, garlic and zucchini and saute until the onion is soft, about 4 minutes. Add the kale and saute 1 minute. Add the vegetable broth, cover and cook until the kale is wilted, about 6 minutes. Uncover and simmer until almost all of the liquid evaporates, about 2 minutes. Turn off the heat and cool slightly. Season with some salt and pepper. Stir in the cheese until melted. For the masa: Mix the masa and baking powder in large bowl. Add the vegetable shortening and mix using <END>
INPUT: lollipop, cream cheese, mascarpone, smoked salmon, Salt pepper, capers
OUTPUT: TITLE: Smoked Salmon Lollipop | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 ounces cream cheese, room temperature; 3 ounces mascarpone; 3 to 4 ounces smoked salmon, chopped, plus thinly sliced smoked salmon, for garnish; Salt and pepper; 1 teaspoon capers; 1 teaspoon chopped red onions; Chopped herbs; Poppy seeds; Toasted bread crumbs | INSTRUCTIONS: In food processor, pulse all ingredients, except sliced smoked salmon, until very smooth. Season, to taste, with salt and pepper. Using a pastry bag, pipe the mousse into lollipop molds. Insert sticks and chill. When set, remove from molds and wrap with very thin sliced smoked salmon. Can be sprinkled with herbs, poppy seeds, or toasted bread crumbs. <END>
INPUT: salad, shallots, wine vinegar, parsley leaves, tarragon leaves tarragon, vegetable oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Melon and Smoked Chicken Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 shallots, minced; 1 tablespoon white-wine vinegar; 2 teaspoons minced fresh parsley leaves; 1 1/2 teaspoons minced fresh tarragon leaves plus tarragon sprigs for garnish; 1/4 cup vegetable oil; 2 bunches of arugula, coarse stems discarded and the leaves washed well and spun dry (about 8 cups); 1 whole boneless smoked chicken breast, skin and fat removed and the meat shredded; 1 cup honeydew melon balls; 1 cup cantaloupe balls | INSTRUCTIONS: In a bowl whisk together the shallots, the vinegar, the parsley, the minced tarragon, and with salt and pepper to taste, add the oil in a stream, whisking, and whisk the dressing until it is emulsified. Add the arugula, the chicken, and the melon balls, toss the salad until it is combined well, and garnish it with the tarragon sprigs. In a bowl whisk together the shallots, the vinegar, the parsley, the minced tarragon, and with salt and pepper to taste, add the oil in a stream, whisking, and whisk the dressing until it is emulsified. Add the arugula, the chicken, and the melon balls, toss the  <END>
INPUT: spiced, unsalted butter, Granny Smith apples, Leaves from thyme, raisins, apple juice concentrate
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spiced Apples and Raisins | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 3 Granny Smith apples, peeled, cored, and sliced in 1/2-inch-thick wedges; Leaves from 2 fresh thyme sprigs; 1/4 cup raisins; 3/4 cup frozen apple juice concentrate, thawed; 3 tablespoons brown sugar; 1/4 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1/4 teaspoon ground cloves; Pinch cardamom; Pinch dry mustard; Sea salt and freshly ground black pepper; Juice of 1/2 lemon | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Melt the butter in a clean skillet over medium-low heat. Add the apples and thyme and coat in the butter; cook and stir for 8 minutes to give them some color. Toss in the raisins and add the apple juice, stirring to scrape up the brown bits. Stir in the brown sugar, cinnamon, cloves, cardamom, and dry mustard; season with salt and pepper. Squeeze in the lemon juice to wake up the flavor and simmer for 10 minutes or until the apples break down and soften. Serve spiced apples and raisins with holiday pork, turkey or ham. <END>
INPUT: butter, uncooked country ham, scallions, tender young beans, chicken broth
OUTPUT: TITLE: Snap Beans with Mustard and Country Ham | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon butter, bacon drippings, or vegetable oil; 3 ounces uncooked country ham, finely diced; 6 medium scallions, trimmed and coarsely chopped (including some green tops); 1 pound tender young green beans, tipped and snapped in two if large; 1 1/2 cups chicken broth; 2 tablespoons all-purpose flour blended with 2 tablespoons cold water (thickener); 2 teaspoons prepared yellow mustard; 1/4 teaspoon black pepper, or to taste | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. Melt the butter in a large, heavy saucepan over moderate heat, add the ham and scallions, and cook, stirring now and then, for 5 to 8 minutes or until lightly browned. 2. Add the beans and broth and bring to a boil. Adjust the heat so the broth bubbles gently, cover, and cook for 12 to 15 minutes or until the beans are crisp-tender. 3. Meanwhile, combine the thickener and the mustard and set aside. As soon as the beans are done, whisk a little of the hot broth into the mustard mixture, stir back into the pan, add the pepper, and cook, stirring constantly, for 3 minutes or until the broth th <END>
INPUT: Italian, recipe, meals, Salt, penne pasta, virgin olive oil, garlic, tomatoes
OUTPUT: TITLE: One Recipe, Two Meals: Penne with a Creamy Tomato Vodka Sauce | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: Salt; 1 pound penne pasta; 1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil; 3 cloves garlic, minced; One 28-ounce can whole peeled tomatoes, blended in a food processor; 1/2 cup heavy cream; Grated Parmesan and basil leaves, for garnish; 1 teaspoon Italian seasoning; 1 pinch crushed red pepper; 1 shot (50 milliliters) vodka | INSTRUCTIONS: Let's start simple for the kids. You'll bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add the penne and cook it until al dente. Drain it-like always, you know. In the meantime, heat the olive oil in another medium pot over medium-high heat. Add the garlic and let bloom until fragrant, about 30 seconds. Add the tomatoes and a small pinch of salt. Let simmer for about 5 minutes. Add in the heavy cream and simmer another 5. Reserve about 1/2 cup of the penne and divide between 2 small bowls. Ladle the creamy sauce over the pasta and garnish with Parmesan. Maybe add a little bit of basil if your ki <END>
INPUT: warm, pudding, sugar, cornstarch, salt, egg yolks, milk
OUTPUT: TITLE: Warm Chocolate Pudding with Whipped Cream and Chocolate Shavings | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup sugar, or to taste; 3 tablespoons cornstarch; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 3 large egg yolks; 2 cups milk; 6 ounces good quality dark, sweet chocolate, melted; 1/2 teaspoon vanilla; Whipped cream; Chocolate shavings; Cigarette cookies to garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: In a saucepan combine the sugar, cornstarch, salt, egg yolks and whisk the mixture until combined. Whisk in the milk, bring the liquid to a boil over moderate heat. Continue to simmer and whisk until thickened-about 1 minute. Pour the mixture into a bowl and whisk in the melted chocolate and vanilla. Divide the pudding among 4 stemmed glasses and garnish with the whipped cream and chocolate shavings. Serve garnished or accompanied by cookies. <END>
INPUT: green, chives, tarragon, flat leaf parsley, chervil, dill
OUTPUT: TITLE: Green Mayonnaise | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons chopped fresh chives; 1 1/2 tablespoons chopped fresh tarragon; 3 tablespoons chopped fresh flat-leaf parsley; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh chervil; 2 teaspoons chopped fresh dill; 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice; 1 cup mayonnaise; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 1/8 teaspoon pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Pulse herbs in a blender with lemon juice and 1/2 cup mayonnaise until puréed. Add remaining 1/2 cup mayonnaise, salt, and pepper and blend well. Transfer to a bowl and chill, covered, at least 2 hours to allow flavors to blend. Pulse herbs in a blender with lemon juice and 1/2 cup mayonnaise until puréed. Add remaining 1/2 cup mayonnaise, salt, and pepper and blend well. Transfer to a bowl and chill, covered, at least 2 hours to allow flavors to blend. <END>
INPUT: blackened, peanut oil, catfish filets, salt, pepper, cayenne pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Blackened Catfish | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons peanut oil, for frying; 4 catfish filets; 1 1/2 tablespoons salt; 1 tablespoons freshly ground black pepper; 1 tablespoons cayenne pepper; 1 tablespoons garlic powder; 1 tablespoons onion powder; 1 tablespoons thyme; Cajun Remoulade, recipe follows; 2 tablespoon chopped Gherkin pickles; 2 teaspoons capers; 1 teaspoon chopped parsley; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 1/8 teaspoon black pepper; Dash hot sauce | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat a cast iron skillet to medium high with peanut oil. Mix dry ingredients together. Cover both sides of catfish with the seasoning mix and place in skillet. Cook on one side for 4 minutes and turn when cooked halfway through. Cook for another 4 minutes on the other side. Remove from pan and serve with Cajun remoulade. Mix all ingredients together well. Cover and refrigerate until ready to serve. <END>
INPUT: greek, plain yogurt, English hothouse cucumber, coarse salt, sour cream, lemon juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Greek-Style Cucumber and Yogurt Dip with Dill | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups plain yogurt; 1 English hothouse cucumber, unpeeled, halved lengthwise, seeded, grated; 1 tablespoon coarse salt; 1/2 cup sour cream; 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 2 tablespoons minced fresh dill; 1 garlic clove, minced; 6 pita breads, cut horizontally in half, then cut into wedges; Olive oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Line sieve with cheesecloth and place over medium bowl. Place yogurt in sieve. Cover with plastic wrap and allow to drain in refrigerator overnight. Mix cucumber and 1 tablespoon salt in small bowl; cover and chill 3 hours. Transfer drained yogurt to another bowl. Mix in sour cream, lemon juice, dill and garlic. Squeeze out as much excess liquid as possible from cucumber. Stir cucumber into yogurt. Season with pepper. Cover; chill at least 2 hours. (Can be made 1 day ahead. Keep refrigerated.) Preheat oven to 400°F. Place pita wedges on baking sheets. Brush with olive oil. Bake until crisp, ab <END>
INPUT: cake, sicles, Coconut oil, mashed bananas, lemon juice, all purpose flour, baking soda
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate Banana Cake-sicles | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Coconut oil spray, for greasing; 1 1/2 cups mashed ripe bananas; 2 teaspoons lemon juice; 3 cups all-purpose flour; 1 1/2 teaspoons baking soda; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 2 cups plus 2 tablespoons sugar; 3/4 cup unsalted butter, at room temperature; 3 large eggs; 2 teaspoons vanilla extract; 1 1/2 cups buttermilk; 300 grams good-quality white chocolate, melted; 150 grams organic extra-virgin coconut oil; Pastry rocks, for dipping | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: 16 wooden ice pop sticks; silicone ice pop molds For the cake-sicles: Preheat the oven to 275 degrees F. Spray the silicone ice pop molds with a light spray of coconut oil. In a small bowl, mix mashed bananas with the lemon juice. In a medium bowl, mix the flour, baking soda and salt. In the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, cream the sugar and butter until light and fluffy. Beat in the eggs, one at a time, then stir in the vanilla. Add in the flour mixture a little at a time, alternating with the buttermilk. Stir in the banana mixture. Pour the batter <END>
INPUT: brittle, lightly unsalted shelled, sugar, light corn syrup, baking soda
OUTPUT: TITLE: Peanut Brittle | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups lightly toasted unsalted shelled peanuts; 1 cup sugar; 1 cup light corn syrup; 1 tablespoon baking soda | INSTRUCTIONS: Line large baking sheet with parchment paper; butter parchment. Stir peanuts, sugar, and corn syrup in heavy large saucepan over medium heat until sugar dissolves. Increase heat to high and boil until candy thermometer registers 295°F, stirring frequently, about 20 minutes. Remove from heat. Add baking soda and stir briskly to blend (mixture will foam up). Immediately pour out onto prepared baking sheet. Spread out brittle in even layer. Let stand until cold and hard. Break brittle into pieces. Store in airtight containers at room temperature. (Can be prepared 1 month ahead.) Line large baking <END>
INPUT: Italian, gnocchi, brown, garlic, egg yolks, pumpkin purée, milk ricotta, cinnamon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Ricotta-Pumpkin Gnocchi With Brown Butter | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 6 garlic cloves, divided; 2 large egg yolks; 1 cup canned pumpkin purée; 1 cup drained whole-milk ricotta (about 1/2 pound); 1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1/2 teaspoon ground nutmeg; 1/2 cup finely grated (about 1 1/4 ounces) plus 1/4 cup shaved Parmesan, divided; 2 1/4 teaspoons kosher salt, divided, plus more; 1 1/8 teaspoons freshly ground black pepper, divided, plus more; 1 cup all-purpose flour; 1/2 pound broccolini, trimmed, cut in half lengthwise, then crosswise; 1/2 cup (1 stick) unsalted butter; 1 medium delicata squash (about 1 3/4 pounds), halved lengthwise, seeded, sliced crosswise into 1/4"-thick half-moons; Vegetable oil (for greasing); 2 tablespoons pine nuts | INSTRUCTIONS: Using a knife or garlic press, finely chop 2 garlic cloves. Pulse chopped garlic, egg yolks, pumpkin, ricotta, cinnamon, nutmeg, 1/2 cup grated Parmesan, 1 1/2 tsp. salt, and 1/2 tsp. pepper in a food processor, scraping down sides if needed, until smooth, about 30 seconds. Add flour and pulse just to combine, about 15 seconds. Transfer pumpkin mixture to pastry bag fitted with 1" round tip or a large resealable plastic bag. Chill at least 10 minutes. Cook broccolini in a 6–8-qt. pot of boiling salted water until crisp tender, 3–5 minutes. Using a spider or tongs, transfer to a colander to dra <END>
INPUT: Italian, salad, frico, Parmesan, virgin olive oil, lemon juice, orange juice, lemon zest
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spinach Salad in a Parmesan Frico Cup | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cups grated Parmesan; 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 1 tablespoon lemon juice; 1 tablespoon orange juice; 1/2 teaspoon lemon zest; 1/2 teaspoon orange zest; 1 teaspoon honey; 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt; 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 6 ounces baby spinach leaves (about 6 cups); 1 orange, cut into segments; 1/3 cup sliced almonds, toasted; 1/2 red onion, thinly sliced | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: a silpat mat, a muffin tin, and a small drinking glass Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. For the Parmesan Frico Cups: Place a silpat mat on a baking sheet. Place 6 (1/4-cup) mounds of Parmesan cheese on the mat and gently tap down until each mound is flat and 4 1/2 to 5 inches in diameter. Bake for 8 to 10 minutes, until golden and bubbly. Working quickly, use a thin spatula to transfer the Parmesan Frico to a muffin tin. Gently place a small drinking glass on top of the Parmesan Frico to mold it into the shape 1 of the muffin cups. Let cool until firm, about 5 minutes. Con <END>
INPUT: strawberry, sorbet, packages strawberries syrup, lemon juice, vanilla extract, strawberries, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Strawberry Sorbet with Balsamic Vinegar and Amaretti Cookies | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 10-ounce packages frozen strawberries in syrup, thawed; 2 teaspoons fresh lemon juice; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; 3 cups quartered fresh strawberries; 2 teaspoons sugar; 2 tablespoons balsamic vinegar*; 4 amaretti (Italian macaroons),* crumbled; Balsamic vinegar and amaretti are available at specialty foods stores, Italian markets and some supermarkets | INSTRUCTIONS: Place first 3 ingredients in blender. Pulse until smooth, about 1 minute. Transfer to ice cream maker. Process according to manufacturer's instructions. Transfer sorbet to container and freeze. (Can be prepared 2 days ahead.) Place fresh strawberries in medium bowl. Sprinkle with sugar and toss. Add vinegar and toss. Let stand 15 minutes, stirring occasionally. Scoop sorbet into bowls. Divide strawberries over sorbet. Spoon over juices accumulated in bowl. Sprinkle cookies over strawberries and serve. Place first 3 ingredients in blender. Pulse until smooth, about 1 minute. Transfer to ice cre <END>
INPUT: buttery, unsalted butter, Worcestershire sauce, kosher salt, garlic powder, mustard powder
OUTPUT: TITLE: Buttery Cayenne Pecans | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted; 2 teaspoons Worcestershire sauce; 1 1/4 teaspoons kosher salt; 1/2 teaspoon garlic powder; 1/2 teaspoon mustard powder; 1/2 teaspoon hot sauce; 1/4 teaspoon cayenne pepper; 4 cups pecans (about 1 pound) | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 300°F. Whisk butter, Worcestershire sauce, salt, garlic powder, mustard powder, hot sauce, and cayenne in a medium bowl. Add pecans and toss to coat. Spread out in a single layer in a large cast-iron skillet or on a rimmed baking sheet and roast, tossing occasionally, until pecans are well toasted and spices are fragrant, 25–30 minutes. These are pretty great served warm, or let cool. Preheat oven to 300°F. Whisk butter, Worcestershire sauce, salt, garlic powder, mustard powder, hot sauce, and cayenne in a medium bowl. Add pecans and toss to coat. Spread out in a single layer i <END>
INPUT: hard boiled eggs, mayonnaise, sour cream, lemon juice, caviar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Stuffed Eggs with Caviar | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 12 hard-boiled large eggs; 2 tablespoons mayonnaise; 2 tablespoons sour cream; 2 teaspoons fresh lemon juice, or to taste; 2 ounces black caviar | INSTRUCTIONS: Cut a paper-thin slice off the ends of each egg and halve the eggs crosswise. Force the yolks through a sieve into a bowl and stir in the mayonnaise, the sour cream, the lemon juice, and salt and pepper to taste. Transfer the filling to a pastry bag fitted with a large decorative tip and pipe it into the egg whites, mounding it. The stuffed eggs may be made 1 day in advance and kept covered and chilled. Just before serving, top the eggs with the caviar. Cut a paper-thin slice off the ends of each egg and halve the eggs crosswise. Force the yolks through a sieve into a bowl and stir in the mayo <END>
INPUT: root, vegetables, beef, oil, onion, celery, carrot
OUTPUT: TITLE: Braised Beef with Mushrooms and Roasted Root Vegetables | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 pounds beef (chuck or round), cut into 1 1/2 inch cubes; 6 tablespoons oil, plus 2 tablespoons, plus 2 tablespoons; 4 ounces chopped onion; 2 ounces chopped celery; 2 ounces chopped carrot; 2 cloves garlic, minced, plus 1 clove; 2 tablespoons tomato paste; 2 quarts veal stock; 2 bay leaves; 8 ounces shiitake mushrooms, sliced; 8 ounces portobello mushrooms, sliced; 1 teaspoon chopped thyme leaves; 8 ounces tourneed carrots; 8 ounces tourneed celeriac; 8 ounces tourneed turnips | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large skillet, sear the beef in 6 tablespoons oil. Add the onion, celery, 2 ounces of the carrot, 2 cloves of the garlic and caramelize. Add tomato paste, stock, and bay leaves. Simmer and let cook until meat is tender, about 1 hour. If meat is not tender, continue cooking, checking every 30 minutes. Meanwhile, preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Toss the tourneed carrots, celeriac, and turnip with oil. Roast until tender, about 40 minutes. In a separate saucepan, saute the mushrooms and thyme in oil, until the mushrooms have given up most of their liquid and are tender. Add the mushroom m <END>
INPUT: milk, soup, unblanched almonds almonds, cantaloupe, honey, lime juice, lime garnish
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cantaloupe and Almond Milk Soup | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup unblanched almonds plus sliced almonds for garnish; 1 cantaloupe, halved, the seeds discarded and the flesh scooped out; 2 tablespoons honey; 1 tablespoon fresh lime juice; lime slices for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: In a shallow baking pan toast the unblanched almonds in the middle of a preheated 350°F. oven for 5 to 8 minutes, or until they are aromatic, and transfer them to a blender. Add 1 1/2 cups water and blend the mixture until the almonds are ground fine. Strain the mixture through a fine sieve set over a bowl, pressing hard on the solids, discard the solids, and return the almond milk to the blender, cleaned. Add the cantaloupe, the honey, the lime juice, and a pinch of salt and blend the mixture until it is smooth. Transfer the soup to a bowl and chill it for 1 hour, or until it is cold. Divide  <END>
INPUT: crostata, all purpose flour, fine sea salt, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Apple Crostata | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 1/2 cups all-purpose flour; 1 teaspoon fine sea salt; 1 teaspoon sugar; 1 cup (2 sticks) chilled unsalted butter, cut into 1/2" cubes; 1/2 cup sugar; 2 tablespoons cornstarch; 1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1/2 teaspoon ground nutmeg; Pinch of fine sea salt; 2 1/2 pounds Golden Delicious apples (about 5 large), peeled, halved, cored, cut into 1/4"-thick slices (about 7 cups); 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 1 large egg; 2 tablespoons raw sugar; 2 tablespoons pure maple syrup; Vanilla ice cream, vanilla gelato, or sweetened whipped cream | INSTRUCTIONS: For crust: Place flour, salt, and sugar in a food processor; pulse to blend. Add butter; pulse just until coarse meal forms. Add 1/4 cup ice water; pulse until dough forms clumps, adding more ice water by teaspoonfuls if dough is dry. Gather dough into a ball; flatten into a disk. Wrap dough in plastic and chill 1 hour. DO AHEAD: Crust can be made 1 day ahead. Keep chilled. Allow to stand at room temperature for 15 minutes to soften slightly before rolling out. Place flour, salt, and sugar in a food processor; pulse to blend. Add butter; pulse just until coarse meal forms. Add 1/4 cup ice wate <END>
INPUT: brandade, Idaho potatoes, salt cod, milk, garlic, thyme
OUTPUT: TITLE: Salt Cod Brandade | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 Idaho potatoes; 1 pound salt cod, soaked for 24 hours, water changed 3 times; 2 cups milk; 6 cloves garlic, thinly sliced; 2 sprigs fresh thyme; 1 Spanish onion, thinly sliced; 2 tablespoons butter; 2 tablespoons creme fraiche; Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper; 2 tablespoons capers; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh dill; 2 tablespoons finely minced fresh parsley; 1 lemon, zest cut into thin strips; Crostini, for serving, optional | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Bake the potatoes until fork-tender, about 45 minutes. Meanwhile, combine the salt cod, milk, garlic, thyme and onions in a saucepan. Bring to a slow simmer and cook until the cod flakes, 20 to 30 minutes. Strain the mixture, reserving separately both the milk and the cod/garlic/onion mixture. Remove the thyme and discard. While the potatoes are still warm, rice them through a food mill. Stir the cod mixture into the riced potatoes. Add the butter, creme fraiche and enough of the reserved milk to make it smooth. Season with salt and pepper. Transfer to a serv <END>
INPUT: soup, unsalted butter, leek, all purpose flour, chicken stock broth, cauliflower
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cauliflower Soup | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1 medium leek, white bottom portion only, chopped; 1/4 cup all-purpose flour; 4 cups chicken stock or broth; 1 head cauliflower, cut into bite-size pieces; 1 medium potato, peeled and diced; 2 cups heavy cream; 1 tablespoon minced fresh sage; Freshly chopped tarragon leaves or chives, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large, heavy bottom saucepan over medium heat add the butter and leeks and cook until the leeks are tender, 5 to 7 minutes. Once the leeks are tender add the flour, stirring well and cook until all of the flour has been incorporated. Add the stock, cauliflower and the potato and bring the mixture to a boil. Once boiling, reduce the heat to medium-low and simmer for 15 to 20 minutes. Remove from the heat, and let cool for about 5 minutes. Add the soup, in batches, to a food processor or blender and puree. Return the soup to the original saucepan over medium-high heat, add the cream and bri <END>
INPUT: carrots, virgin olive oil, celery, lamb shanks, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Braised Lamb Shanks | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 carrots, peeled and cut into 1/2-inch dice; Extra-virgin olive oil; 3 celery ribs, cut into 1/2-inch dice; 4 lamb shanks (each about 1 1/4 pounds; 1 shank is a portion); 4 cloves garlic; Kosher salt; 1 (12-ounce) can tomato paste; 1 large Spanish onion or 2 small yellow onions, cut into 1-inch dice; 2 cups hearty red wine; 2 tablespoons finely chopped rosemary leaves; 10 to 12 thyme branches tied together in a bundle; 3 to 4 cups water; 4 bay leaves; Gremolata, recipe follows; 1 orange, zested | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Coat a large Dutch oven generously with olive oil and bring to a high heat. Season the shanks generously with salt and add them to the pan. Brown well on all sides. This is an incredibly important step; do not rush it. Meanwhile, puree the onions, carrots, celery and garlic in a food processor until it becomes a coarse paste. Remove and set aside. Remove the shanks from the pan to a sheet tray. Discard the excess fat from the pan. Add a little more oil to coat the bottom of the pan and add the pureed veggies. Season with salt, t <END>
INPUT: blueberry, lemonade concentrate, lemon extract, mint
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lemon Blueberry Cake | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 (8-inch) round store-bought (bakery) yellow or white cake layers; 1/3 cup frozen lemonade concentrate, thawed; 2 teaspoons lemon extract, divided; 2 (12-ounce) cans cream cheese flavored frosting; Fresh mint sprigs; Fresh blueberries; Lemon slices, quartered | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Use a knife to slice cake layers in half horizontally. Use a pastry brush to brush each layer with lemonade concentrate; set aside. Stir 1 teaspoon of lemon extract into each can of frosting; set aside. To assemble cake: frost and stack the cake layers on top of each other. Decorate cake with clusters of mint sprigs, blueberries, and quartered lemon slices. <END>
INPUT: carpaccio, zucchini, lemon, olive oil, thyme, Kosher salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Zucchini Carpaccio | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 medium zucchini; 1/2 lemon, juiced; 3 tablespoons olive oil; 2 teaspoons minced fresh thyme; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; Parmesan cheese, for shaving; 1 baguette, sliced, for serving | INSTRUCTIONS: Using a sharp vegetable peeler, shave the zucchini lengthwise, creating very thin slices. Discard the first slice that is very dark green skin. Arrange the slices on a platter, overlapping the slices. In a small jar or bowl, place the lemon juice, olive oil, thyme, salt and pepper. Cover and shake well or whisk to blend. Pour the mixture evenly over the zucchini slices. Allow to sit for at least 15 minutes, or for up to an hour. Use vegetable peeler to shave thin slices of Parmesan over the zucchini, and serve with baguette slices. <END>
INPUT: fully ham, Creole mustard, peach liqueur, lemon juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Peach Glazed Ham | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 fully cooked ham, about 7 to 9 pounds; 1 (20-ounce) jar peach preserves; 1 1/2 tablespoons Creole mustard, spicy mustard, or Dijon; 2 tablespoons peach liqueur (Schnapps) or peach nectar; 2 tablespoons lemon juice; Dash cinnamon | INSTRUCTIONS: Place ham in a large roasting pan and bake as directed on the wrapping, about 18 minutes per pound. Combine remaining ingredients, in a small bowl and stir until smooth. Remove the ham from the oven and score the skin in a diamond pattern. Spoon the glaze over, spreading to coat completely. Return the ham to the oven and bake for about 30 minutes longer. Chef's Note: To make really special, take small can pineapple rings, drain syrup and place pineapple rings on top of the glazed ham. Secure the pineapple to the ham with wooden cocktail sticks. Then take small jar of cocktail cherries and plac <END>
INPUT: chicken, Memphis Rub
OUTPUT: TITLE: Beer Can Chicken | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 large whole chicken (4 to 5 pounds); 3 tablespoons Memphis Rub (or your favorite dry barbecue rub; 1 can (12 ounces) beer | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Remove and discard the fat just inside the body cavities of the chicken. Remove the package of giblets and set aside for another use. Rinse the chicken inside and out, under cold running water, then drain and blot dry inside and out, with paper towels. Sprinkle 1 tablespoon of the rub inside the body and neck cavities, then rub another 1 tablespoon all over the skin of the bird. If you wish, rub another 1/2 tablespoon of the mixture between the flesh and skin. Cover and refrigerate the chicken while you preheat the grill. Set up the grill for indirect grilling, p <END>
INPUT: Mexican, cornbread, cornmeal, all purpose flour, baking powder, kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chipotle Cornbread | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: Nonstick spray, for greasing; 1 cup yellow cornmeal; 1 cup all-purpose flour; 1 tablespoon baking powder; 1 teaspoon kosher salt; 1 cup low-fat buttermilk; 1 tablespoon adobo sauce; 1 tablespoon honey; 2 large eggs; 1 chipotle pepper, minced; 1/2 stick butter, melted; 1 cup shredded sharp Cheddar | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Coat an 8-by-8-inch baking dish with nonstick spray. Set aside. Mix the cornmeal, flour, baking powder and salt in a large bowl. Whisk together the buttermilk, adobo, honey, eggs, chipotle pepper and butter in another bowl. Add the wet ingredients to the dry ingredients and stir until just mixed. Stir in the cheese. Pour the batter into the prepared baking dish. Bake until golden, 25 minutes. Cut into squares and serve. <END>
INPUT: Asian, avocado, rice bran oil, onion, ginger, garlic, shrimp
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tempura Avocado with Shrimp | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 4 cups rice bran oil, or canola oil; 1/2 red onion, diced; 3 tablespoons minced ginger; 1 tablespoon minced garlic; 3/4 pound shrimp, shelled, deveined, cut 1/2-inch pieces; 3/4 cup thinly sliced bok choy; 1 cup thinly sliced napa cabbage; 1/2 red bell pepper, thinly sliced; 4 tablespoons mirin, or white wine; 1/2 teaspoon sesame oil; 3 tablespoons soy sauce; 1/2 teaspoon black pepper; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/2 cup diced green onions; 2 cups tempura batter | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. In a medium saute pan heat 3 tablespoons oil. Add the red onion, ginger, and garlic and saute for 3 minutes. Then add the shrimp, cook for 2 minutes, and then add the bok choy, cabbage, bell peppers. Cook for another 5 minutes to wilt. Deglaze with mirin. Toss in sesame oil, soy sauce, black pepper, salt and green onions. Let mixture cool in a bowl. Preheat Dutch oven with oil to 350 degrees F. Mix tempura batter with ice cold water. (pancake batter consistency) Hollow out 2 tablespoons of avocado from center, add 1/8th of cooled shrimp mixture to cavity of avoca <END>
INPUT: American, fallen, souffles, milk, onion, garlic, bay leaves, coarse kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fallen Grits Souffles with Tomatoes and Goat Cheese | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 4 cups whole milk; 1 medium onion, chopped; 4 garlic cloves, sliced; 2 bay leaves; 1 1/2 teaspoons coarse kosher salt; 1 cup instant grits; 2 tablespoons butter; 5 large eggs, separated; 2 cups cherry tomatoes, quartered; 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil; Shaved aged goat cheese | INSTRUCTIONS: For soufflés: Preheat oven to 375°F. Generously butter eight 1-cup soufflé dishes or custard cups. Combine first 4 ingredients in large saucepan. Bring just to simmer; remove from heat and let steep 10 minutes. Strain; return milk to pan. Add salt; bring to boil. Gradually stir in grits and cook over medium heat until mixture is thick and grits are tender, stirring constantly, about 5 minutes. Mix in butter. Season with black pepper. Stir in egg yolks. Cool slightly. Beat egg whites in large bowl until stiff but not dry. Fold whites into grits in 2 additions. Divide mixture among prepared dish <END>
INPUT: smashed, cauliflower, wine vinegar, granulated sugar, kosher salt, shallots, serrano chile
OUTPUT: TITLE: Smoked Tri Tip with Pickled Shallots and Smashed and Smoked Cauliflower on a Buttered Telera Roll | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup red wine vinegar; 3 tablespoons granulated sugar; 1 1/2 tablespoon kosher salt; 2 cups thinly sliced shallots sliced (2 to 4 shallots); 1 serrano chile, seeded if desired and cut into thin strips; 1 1/2 tablespoons chili powder; 1 tablespoon brown sugar; 1/2 tablespoon dried parsley; 1/2 teaspoon granulated garlic powder; 1/2 teaspoon mustard powder; 1/2 teaspoon dried sage; 1/2 teaspoon dried thyme; 1/4 teaspoon cayenne pepper; 2 pounds tri-tip beef, cleaned leaving a 1/8- to 1/4-inch fat cap; 3 cups applewood chips, soaked in water for at least 30 minutes | INSTRUCTIONS: For the shallots: Place 1/2 cup water, the vinegar, sugar and salt into a small saucepan and bring to a simmer. Pour the mixture over the shallots and serrano in a bowl and stir to coat. Cool to room temperature, 15 to 20 minutes. For the tri-tip: In a small bowl, combine the chili powder, sugar, parsley, garlic, mustard, sage, thyme and cayenne. Score the fat cap with 1/2-inch slits. Rub the tri tip with the spice mix, then cover and let it sit 2 hours to overnight. Line a roasting pan with foil, place the woodchips on top and place on the stove over medium-high heat. Make sure the woodchips  <END>
INPUT: affogato, milk, heavy cream, sugar, kosher salt, vanilla bean
OUTPUT: TITLE: Hot-Cocoa Affogato with Peppermint Ice Cream | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 cups whole milk; 1 cup chilled heavy cream, divided; 1/3 cup sugar; 1 large pinch of kosher salt; 1 vanilla bean, split lengthwise; 5 ounces semisweet or bittersweet chocolate (do not exceed 72% cacao), chopped; 1/3 cup (loosely packed) natural unsweetened cocoa powder; 1 tablespoon finely ground espresso or dark-roast coffee beans; 2 pints peppermint or mint chip ice cream; 8 small candy canes (optional) | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine milk, 1/2 cup cream, sugar, salt, and 1/4 cup water in a large heavy saucepan. Scrape in seeds from vanilla bean; add bean. Bring to a boil, stirring to dissolve sugar. Add chocolate and cocoa powder; whisk until chocolate melts and mixture just comes to a boil. DO AHEAD: Cocoa can be made 1 day ahead. Let cool; cover and chill. Bring to a simmer before continuing. Whisk remaining 1/2 cup cream and ground coffee in a small bowl until firm peaks form. DO AHEAD: Whipped cream can be made 2 hours ahead. Cover and chill. Rewhisk if needed before using. Remove vanilla bean from hot cocoa; d <END>
INPUT: Mexican, pancakes, potatoes, onion, cilantro, chick pea flour
OUTPUT: TITLE: Potato Pancakes with Chick-Pea Flour, Cilantro and Cumin | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2 1/2 pounds white potatoes, peeled, grated into enough cold water to cover; 1 large white onion, grated; 1/2 cup finely chopped green onion; 1/2 cup chopped fresh cilantro; 1/2 cup chick-pea flour; 2 large eggs, beaten to blend; 1 1/2 tablespoons minced seeded jalapeño chili; 2 teaspoons ground coriander; 1 1/2 teaspoons salt; 1/2 teaspoon ground black pepper; 1/4 teaspoon cayenne pepper; 3 tablespoons (or more) vegetable oil; 1 1/2 teaspoons cumin seeds; 1/2 teaspoon ground turmeric | INSTRUCTIONS: Place grated potatoes and onion in large colander and drain well. Using hands, squeeze mixture to extract as much liquid as possible. Transfer mixture to large bowl. Mix in green onion and next 8 ingredients. Heat 2 tablespoons oil in large nonstick skillet over medium-high heat. Add cumin seeds and turmeric and stir 30 seconds. Stir into potato mixture. Cover and let stand 30 minutes to allow flavors to blend. Preheat oven to 250°F. Heat 1 tablespoon oil in same skillet over medium heat. Add scant 3 tablespoons potato mixture to skillet for each pancake; using spatula, flatten to about 4-inch <END>
INPUT: parsnips, olive oil, Kosher salt, chiles de árbol, unsalted butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spicy Honey-Glazed Parsnips | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 pounds parsnips, peeled, cut into 3" lengths, halved, or quartered if large; 1/4 cup olive oil; Kosher salt, freshly ground pepper; 2 chiles de árbol, crushed, or 3/4 teaspoons crushed red pepper flakes; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1 tablespoon apple cider vinegar; 1 tablespoon honey | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 450°F. Toss parsnips and oil on a rimmed baking sheet; season with salt and pepper. Roast parsnips, tossing occasionally, until tender and deep golden brown in spots, 35–40 minutes. Meanwhile, heat chiles de árbol, butter, vinegar, and honey in a small saucepan over medium heat, stirring occasionally, until butter is melted. Drizzle chile-honey butter over parsnips and toss to coat. Preheat oven to 450°F. Toss parsnips and oil on a rimmed baking sheet; season with salt and pepper. Roast parsnips, tossing occasionally, until tender and deep golden brown in spots, 35–40 minutes.  <END>
INPUT: foster, parfaits, egg yolks, whipping cream, unsulfured, dark rum
OUTPUT: TITLE: Bananas Foster Coffee Parfaits | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 large egg yolks; 1 1/2 cups chilled whipping cream; 2/3 cup (packed) golden brown sugar; 2 tablespoons unsulfured (light) molasses; 2 tablespoons dark rum; 2 tablespoons coffee liqueur; 2 tablespoons instant coffee crystals; 1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract; 3 large bananas, cut into 3/4-inch chunks; 3/4 cup (about) crushed gingersnaps; 6 whole gingersnaps (optional); 6 bananas slices (optional); 6 fresh mint sprigs (optional) | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine yolks, 1/2 cup cream, 1/3 cup sugar, molasses, rum, liqueur and instant coffee in medium stainless steel bowl. Set bowl over saucepan of simmering water (do not let bottom of bowl touch water.) Using handheld electric mixer, beat yolk mixture until thick and thermometer registers 160°F, about 18 minutes. Remove from over water; continue beating until zabaglione is cool, about 4 minutes. Using same beaters, beat 1 cup cream and vanilla in medium bowl until medium-firm peaks form. Fold cream into zabaglione in 2 additions. Cover and chill until thickened, about 4 hours. (Can be made 1 da <END>
INPUT: American, cheesecake, spiced, unsalted butter, vanilla wafer crumbs, sugar, cinnamon, ginger
OUTPUT: TITLE: Goat Cheese Cheesecake with Spiced Wafer Crust | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, plus more for the pan; 2 cups vanilla wafer crumbs, such as Nilla; 1/4 cup sugar; 1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1/2 teaspoon ground ginger; 2 grates of fresh nutmeg; Pinch kosher salt; Two 8-ounce packages cream cheese, at room temperature; One 12-ounce log goat cheese; 1 1/2 cups sour cream sour cream; 4 large eggs; 1 1/2 cups sugar; 2 teaspoons vanilla extract | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. For the crust: Butter a 9-inch springform pan. In a large mixing bowl, combine the butter, wafer crumbs, sugar, cinnamon, ginger, nutmeg and salt. Stir together until well combined and homogenous. Use your fingers to press the crumb mixture onto the bottom of the pan and about halfway up the sides. Reserve. For the filling: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees. In an electric mixer with a paddle attachment, beat the cream cheese and goat cheese together until light and fluffy. Add the sour cream and continue beating until combined. Add the sugar and vanilla and begin  <END>
INPUT: warm, pudding, loaf cubed day, milk, eggs, sugar, vanilla extract
OUTPUT: TITLE: Warm Peanut Butter and Jelly Bread Pudding | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 loaf cubed day-old challah bread; 4 cups milk, divided; 4 eggs; 1 cup sugar; 1 tablespoon vanilla extract; 1 cup peanut butter; 1 cup crushed roasted, salted peanuts, divided; 3/4 cup grape jelly, melted, for topping | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 325 degrees F. Grease an 11 by 7-inch baking dish. Put the cubed bread on a large cookie sheet and bake it until lightly toasted, about 10 to 12 minutes. Remove the bread from the oven and set aside. In a large bowl, whisk together 3 cups of the milk and the 4 eggs until well incorporated. Add the toasted bread. In a medium-sized saucepan, over medium heat, heat the remaining 1 cup of milk, sugar, vanilla and peanut butter until the peanut butter melts and the mixture is smooth. Combine the peanut butter mixture with the bread mixture and stir well until evenly distributed. Put <END>
INPUT: stock, roasting chickens, onions, carrots, dill, celery leaves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken Stock | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 5-pound roasting chickens; 3 large yellow onions, unpeeled, quartered; 6 carrots, unpeeled, halved; 20 sprigs fresh dill; 4 celery stalks with leaves, cut in thirds; 4 parsnips, unpeeled, cut in half (optional); 20 sprigs fresh parsley; 15 sprigs fresh thyme; 1 head garlic, unpeeled, cut in half crosswise; 2 tablespoons kosher salt; 2 teaspoons whole black peppercorns | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Place the chickens, onions, carrots, celery, parsnips, parsley, thyme, dill, garlic, and seasonings in a 16- to 20-quart stockpot. Add 7 quarts of water and bring to a boil. Simmer uncovered for 4 hours. Strain the entire contents of the pot through a colander and discard the solids. Chill the stock overnight. The next day, remove the surface fat. Use immediately or pack in containers and freeze for up to 3 months. <END>
INPUT: unsalted butter, crawfish tails, garlic, Etouffee Sauce, Hot pepper sauce
OUTPUT: TITLE: Crawfish Etouffee | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 tablespoons unsalted butter; 8 crawfish tails, thawed, rinsed and drained; 1 teaspoon chopped garlic; 3 cups Etouffee Sauce, recipe follows; Hot pepper sauce, as desired; Rice Pilaf, recipe follows; 2 bunches sliced green onions, for garnish; 1 2/3 cups vegetable oil (soybean or cotton seed); 1 2/3 cups all-purpose flour; 1 1/2 cups medium dice onion, yellow or white; 1 1/2 cups medium dice green pepper; 1 cup medium dice celery, no leaves; 1 tablespoon chopped garlic; 1 3/4 teaspoons cayenne pepper; 1 3/4 teaspoons ground white pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large saute pan, melt butter over high heat. When butter just begins to brown, add crawfish and garlic, saute for 2 minutes. Add sauce, reduce heat and simmer 3 minutes Add hot pepper sauce, to taste. Serve over Rice Pilaf and garnish with green onions. In a heavy-bottomed 8-quart saucepot on high, heat oil until just smoking. Whisk in flour, reduce heat, and stir constantly until a peanut butter colored roux develops. Add onion, green pepper, and celery; stir in and cook while stirring occasionally for 5 minutes. Stir in garlic, cayenne, white pepper, and thyme. Cook 3 minutes. Slowly wh <END>
INPUT: American, beef, marinade, onion, garlic, virgin olive oil, water, skirt steak
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Beef Skirt Steak With Onion Marinade | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 medium yellow onion, coarsely chopped; 1 small garlic clove, peeled; 1/4 cup plus 1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil; 1 tablespoons water; 2 pounds skirt steak, silver skin trimmed away; 1 teaspoon kosher salt; 1⁄4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; Smoked sea salt, for finishing; Ox’s Chimichurri, for serving (optional) | INSTRUCTIONS: Make the onion marinade: Combine the onion, garlic, 1/4 cup of the oil, and water in a blender; blend until smooth. Put the skirt steak in a large resealable plastic bag or baking dish and pour in the onion mixture, coating both sides. Cover or wrap the meat well so the onion scent does not permeate your refrigerator; chill for at least 4 hours and up to 24 hours. Combine the onion, garlic, 1/4 cup of the oil, and water in a blender; blend until smooth. Put the skirt steak in a large resealable plastic bag or baking dish and pour in the onion mixture, coating both sides. Cover or wrap the meat <END>
INPUT: Asian, dumplings, vegetable oil, shrimp, onion, carrot, cabbage
OUTPUT: TITLE: Shrimp and Vegetable Steamed Dumplings | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons vegetable oil; 1/2 pound raw shrimp, peeled deveined and roughly chopped; 1/2 cup chopped white onion; 1 large carrot finely chopped (about 1/3 cup); 1 cup chopped green cabbage; 1/2 cup shiitake mushroom caps, thinly sliced and chopped; 1/2 teaspoon dry chili pepper flakes; 2 tablespoons sesame oil; 1/4 cup low sodium soy sauce; 3 tablespoons rice wine vinegar; 3 tablespoons sugar; Salt and pepper to taste; 1 pack wonton wrappers, preferably round | INSTRUCTIONS: In large skillet or a wok heat the vegetable oil until hot. Add the shrimp, onion, carrot, cabbage and mushrooms and quickly stir fry while combining the ingredients. Add the pepper flakes, sesame oil, soy sauce, vinegar and sugar, adjust the seasoning and pour out onto a cookie sheet to cool. When the mixture is cool begin making the dumplings by laying out one wonton, brush the edge with water, put 1 teaspoon of the filling into the middle and fold the edge over on the diagonal to from a packet. Trim the edges to eliminate the square corners. Dust the finished dumplings with a light coating  <END>
INPUT: Italian, crostini, unsalted butter, garlic, oregano leaves, rosemary leaves, basil leaves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Meatball Crostini | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 stick unsalted butter, at room temperature; 2 teaspoons minced garlic; 2 teaspoons finely chopped fresh oregano leaves (or 1 teaspoon dried); 1 teaspoon finely chopped fresh rosemary leaves; 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh basil leaves; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 loaf French baguette; 1 (26-ounce) jar tomato basil pasta sauce; 1 (16-ounce) block mozzarella cheese, sliced thin; 1 (16-ounce) bag frozen, fully cooked meatballs, defrosted and sliced 1/4-inch thick; Parmesan, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F, and line a sheet pan with parchment paper Prepare the herb butter by combining all the ingredients together in a small bowl.. (Herb butter will keep well, wrapped tightly, in the refrigerator for a week or in the freezer for up to a month.) Slice the baguette on the bias about 1/2-inch thick. Spread the herb butter on both sides of the baguette slices and arrange in 1 layer on the prepared sheet pan. Toast in the oven until golden brown and crisp on both sides, flipping halfway through, about 15 minutes. Cover each crostini with 1 tablespoon pasta sauce. Top  <END>
INPUT: American, skewers, pistachio nuts, sun tomatoes oil, basil leaves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sun-Dried Tomato and Goat Cheese Skewers | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 (8-ounce) log fresh goat cheese, chilled; 1 cup pistachio nuts, finely chopped; 20 sun-dried tomatoes packed in oil; 1/2 bunch fresh basil leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Special equipment: 20 small skewers or cocktail toothpicks Fill a pitcher with hot water. Dip a knife into the hot water and slice the goat cheese log in half lengthwise. Slice each half into 10 pieces making sure to dip the knife into the hot water in between slicing to ensure a nice clean cut. Roll each piece of goat cheese into balls approximately 1/2-inch in diameter and put onto a cookie sheet lined with waxed paper. Add the chopped pistachio nuts to a shallow bowl. Roll a goat cheese ball into the pistachio nuts and coat 1/2 of the ball. Return to the sheet <END>
INPUT: American, fajitas, rajas, Salt pepper, onion, olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fajitas with Marinated Flank Steak and Rajas | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 (2 pound) flank steak; 1 cup (jarred or canned) pickled jalapenos, including the onions and carrots that come in the jar or can; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 medium white onion, sliced 1/2-inch thick, keeping the rings together; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 4 poblano chiles; 2 jalapeno chiles; 1 garlic clove, peeled and thinly sliced; 1/2 teaspoon dried Mexican oregano; Flour tortillas, guacamole and pico de gallo, for serving | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Marinate the flank steak in the pickled jalapenos, at room temperature, for 1 hour. Preheat a grill or grill pan to medium-high. Season the steak with salt and pepper, to taste, and grill until nicely charred, about 3 to 4 minutes on each side. Remove from the grill and allow the steak to rest on a cutting board while preparing the rajas. Secure each piece sliced onion horizontally with wooden skewers. Brush both sides with olive oil and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Grill the onions, turning occasionally, until soft and charred, about 10 to 15 minutes.  <END>
INPUT: double, tart, all purpose flour, Dutch process cocoa, fine salt, baking soda, unsalted butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Double Chocolate Tart with Dulce de Leche | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/4 cups all-purpose flour; 1/3 cup Dutch-process cocoa powder; 1/2 teaspoon fine salt; 1/4 teaspoon baking soda; 8 tablespoons cold unsalted butter, diced (1 stick); 1/2 cup confectioners' sugar; 1/4 cup light brown sugar; 2 large egg yolks; 1/2 pound quality semisweet chocolate, finely chopped; 2/3 cup heavy cream; 1/3 cup sweetened condensed milk; 2 large eggs; 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract; 2/3 cup prepared dulce de leche; 1/2 teaspoon medium gray salt or other quality sea salt, optional | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: 9-inch fluted tart pan with removable bottom Crust: Whisk the flour, cocoa, salt and baking soda together in a medium bowl. Put the butter, confectioners' and brown sugar in a food processor and process until smooth and creamy. Add the dry ingredients and pulse to combine. Add the egg yolks and continue to pulse to make a smooth dough. Remove the blade, and turn dough out onto a large sheet of plastic wrap, form into a disk, and wrap tightly. Refrigerate at least 1 hour or up to 2 days. Meanwhile, make the filling: Put the chocolate in a medium bowl. Put the cream and sweete <END>
INPUT: Asian, little, loaves, scallions, cilantro, garlic, turkey
OUTPUT: TITLE: Little Thai Turkey Loaves | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 6 medium scallions, trimmed and chunked (include some green tops); 1/3 cup packed fresh cilantro sprigs; 1 (5-inch) stalk lemongrass, cleaned and thickly sliced, or the zest of 1/2 medium lemon, removed in strips with a vegetable peeler; 2 medium garlic cloves; 1 pound ground turkey (preferably a 50 to 50 mix of light and dark meat); 1/2 cup instant brown rice (right out of the box); 1 (14-ounce) can unsweetened low-fat coconut milk; 3/4 cup Thai peanut sauce; 2 teaspoons Asian toasted sesame oil; 1 tablespoons raw (turbinado) sugar; 6 fresh cilantro sprigs, optional | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Coat 6 muffin-pan cups with nonstick cooking spray and set aside. Pulse the scallions, cilantro, lemongrass, and garlic 8 to 10 times in a food processor fitted with the chopping blade (or in an electric blender) until finely chopped. Scrape into a large bowl, add the turkey, rice, 1/2 cup each of the coconut milk and peanut sauce, and the sesame oil ad mix thoroughly with your hands. Pack the turkey mixture into the muffin-pan cups and bake until an instant-read thermometer inserted into the center of a loaf registers 170 degrees F, 30 to 35 minutes. Meanwhi <END>
INPUT: vegetable oil, popcorn kernels, Parmesan, Italian seasoning
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sweet and Savory Popcorn | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup vegetable oil; 3/4 cup popcorn kernels; 1 stick (8 tablespoons) unsalted butter, melted; 3/4 cup finely grated Parmesan; 1 tablespoon dried Italian seasoning; Pinch crushed red pepper flakes; Seasoned salt, such as Lawry's; 1/2 cup sugar; 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon; Kosher salt; 2 tablespoons caramel syrup, such as Monin's | INSTRUCTIONS: Put the oil in a large pot and add the popcorn kernels. Cover the pot with a tight-fitting lid and heat over medium heat. Once the popping starts, shake the pot occasionally until the popping subsides. Transfer the popcorn to 2 large bowls, divide the melted butter between them and toss to coat. For the Parmesan herb popcorn: Combine the Parmesan, Italian seasoning, red pepper flakes and a sprinkle of seasoned salt in a small bowl. Sprinkle on top of 1 of the bowls of buttered popcorn and toss to coat. Makes: 15 cups For the cinnamon sugar popcorn: Combine the sugar, cinnamon and salt in a sma <END>
INPUT: coconut, layer, cake flour, baking powder, salt, milk, vanilla extract
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pineapple Coconut Layer Cake | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 1/3 cups cake flour (not self-rising); 2 1/2 teaspoons baking powder; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1 cup milk; 1 1/2 teaspoons vanilla extract; 2 sticks (1 cup) unsalted butter, softened; 1 1/2 cups sugar; 5 large eggs, beaten lightly; a 28-ounce can crushed pineapple in unsweetened juice; 1 tablespoon cornstarch; a rounded 1/4 cup sugar; 2 large egg whites; 1 1/2 cups sugar; 1/2 cup water; 1 tablespoon light corn syrup | INSTRUCTIONS: Make cake layers: Preheat oven to 350°F. Line bottoms of 2 buttered 9- by2-inch round cake pans with rounds of wax paper. Dust pans with flour, knocking out excess. Into a bowl sift together flour, baking powder, and salt. In a glass measuring cup stir together milk and vanilla. In a bowl with an electric mixer on medium speed cream butter 1 minute and add sugar in a steady stream, beating until light and fluffy, about 4 minutes, scraping bowl occasionally. Beat in eggs, a little at a time, beating well after each addition, until pale and fluffy. Stir in flour mixture in 4 batches alternately  <END>
INPUT: town, olive oil, onions, Anaheim chiles, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Oak Town Garlic Vinegar Chicken | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 tablespoons olive oil, divided; 2 medium yellow onions, julienned; 2 Anaheim chiles, cleaned and julienned; 6 boneless, skinless chicken thighs; 3/4 cup minced garlic, divided; 8 ounces beer; 8 ounces chicken stock; 2 tablespoons all-purpose flour; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 teaspoon dried oregano; 1 teaspoon paprika; 1/2 teaspoon chili powder; 1/2 cup red wine vinegar; 3 tablespoons green onions, sliced | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. In large saute pan over medium heat add 2 tablespoons oil, onions, chiles and saute for 3 minutes until translucent. Add chicken thighs and lightly brown. Add 1/4 cup garlic and saute. Deglaze with beer and chicken stock. Cook for 3 to 5 minutes, until chicken is 3/4 of the way cooked. Remove chicken from saute pan, and let cool, reserve pan and braising broth. In medium saute pan heat another 2 tablespoons olive oil and lightly caramelize remaining 1/2 cup garlic. When done, remove from heat, and let cool. In medium mixing bowl, combine, flour, salt and pepper,  <END>
INPUT: unsalted butter, carrots, garlic, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: French Lentils with Carrots and Pearl Onions | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 (10-ounce) packages fresh pearl onions; 3 tablespoons unsalted butter; 2 large carrots, cut diagonally into 1/8-inch-thick slices; 4 large garlic cloves, thinly sliced; 2 teaspoons salt; 1/2 teaspoon black pepper; 4 fresh thyme sprigs; 1 Turkish or 1/2 California bay leaf; 2 cups dried French green lentils (14 ounces), rinsed; 5 cups water; 1/4 cup chopped fresh flat-leaf parsley | INSTRUCTIONS: Blanch pearl onions in a 3- to 4-quart heavy saucepan of boiling water 1 minute, then drain and peel. Heat butter in dry cleaned saucepan over moderate heat until foam subsides, then cook onions, carrots, garlic, salt, pepper, thyme, and bay leaf, stirring occasionally, until vegetables are softened, 6 to 8 minutes. Add lentils and water and bring to a boil, then reduce heat and simmer, partially covered, until lentils are just tender, 12 to 20 minutes. Discard thyme and bay leaf. Transfer lentils to a serving dish using a slotted spoon. Sprinkle with parsley. Blanch pearl onions in a 3- to 4- <END>
INPUT: Mexican, spiced, scallop, lightly, cilantro, lightly mint, light coconut milk, Juice lime
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spiced Scallop-Zucchini Kebabs | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup lightly packed; fresh cilantro; 1/4 cup lightly packed fresh mint; 1/4 cup light coconut milk; Juice of 1 lime; 1 jalapeno pepper, seeds removed; 1 small clove garlic; 1 teaspoon sugar; Kosher salt; 4 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1 small clove garlic, minced; 1/2 teaspoon cumin seeds; 1/2 teaspoon coriander seeds, cracked; 1/8 teaspoon hot paprika; Kosher salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Make the chutney: Combine the cilantro, mint, coconut milk, lime juice, jalapeno, garlic, sugar and 1/2 teaspoon salt in a blender; puree until smooth. Transfer to a bowl, cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate until ready to serve or up to 1 day. Prepare the kebabs: Melt the butter in a small skillet over medium heat. When it foams, stir in the garlic, cumin, coriander, paprika and 1/2 teaspoon salt; cook, stirring, 4 minutes. Remove the spiced butter from the heat and let cool. (The butter can be made up to 1 day in advance.) Preheat a grill to medium. If using wooden skewers, soak them in  <END>
INPUT: cupcake, flour, sugar, baking soda, salt, eggs
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lemon Kiwi Cupcake | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup flour; 1 cup sugar; 1 1/2 teaspoons baking soda; 1 teaspoon salt; 3 eggs; 1 cup buttermilk; 1 cup vegetable oil; 1 teaspoon fresh lemon zest; 1 teaspoon fresh lemon juice; Kiwi Cream Filling, recipe follows; Meringue Frosting, recipe follows; 4 ounces unsalted butter; 1/4 cup sugar; 2 eggs; 1 large ripe kiwi (about 4 ounces), peeled, pureed and strained (about 3 tablespoons) | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line 56 mini cupcake cups from 3 (24-cup) mini cupcake or muffin pans or 18 regular-size cupcake or muffin cups from 2 (12-cup) regular-size cupcake or muffin pans with paper cupcake liners. In a large mixing bowl, combine the flour, sugar, baking soda, and salt. In a second bowl, mix the eggs, buttermilk, and oil. Add the dry ingredients to the wet ingredients. Once the ingredients are mixed, add the lemon zest and lemon juice, and blend until combined. Bake the cupcakes until golden brown and the centers spring back when lightly pressed, 16 to 18 minutes fo <END>
INPUT: Mexican, salsa, good olive oil, onion, garlic, mangos
OUTPUT: TITLE: Seared Tuna with Mango Salsa | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons good olive oil, plus extra for searing; 1 1/2 cups diced yellow onion (2 onions); 2 teaspoons peeled, minced fresh ginger; 1 1/2 teaspoons minced garlic; 2 ripe mangos, peeled, seeded, and small diced; 1/3 cup freshly squeezed orange juice; 2 teaspoons light brown sugar; 1 teaspoon kosher salt; 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 1 to 2 teaspoons minced fresh jalapeno pepper, to taste (1 pepper); 2 teaspoons minced fresh mint leaves; 2 tuna steaks | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Saute the olive oil, onions, and ginger in a large saute pan over medium-low heat for 10 minutes, or until the onions are translucent. Add the garlic and cook for 1 more minute. Add the mangos, reduce the heat to low and cook for 10 more minutes. Add the orange juice, brown sugar, salt, black pepper, and jalapeno; cook for 10 more minutes, until orange juice is reduced, stirring occasionally. Remove from the heat and add the mint. Serve warm, at room temperature, or chilled. Heat a saute pan over high heat for 5 minutes until very hot. Season the tuna liberally w <END>
INPUT: American, flour, Salt, baking powder, egg, sour cream
OUTPUT: TITLE: Potato and Goat Cheese Pierogies | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups flour; Salt; 1/8 teaspoon baking powder; 1 egg, beaten, plus more for sealing pierogies; 1/4 cup sour cream; 1/4 cup warm water; 1 teaspoon canola oil; 2 large Idaho potatoes, peeled, boiled, hand mashed, dried in oven, cooled; 3/4 cup softened goat cheese; 1 small red onion, minced and sauteed; 1 teaspoon chopped fresh chives; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 ounces (1/4 cup) heavy cream; 1 onion, sliced; Fresh thyme, leaves picked and chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: For the dough: Combine flour, 1/2 teaspoon salt, and baking powder in a bowl and mix well. Add egg, sour cream, water, and canola oil and knead by hand or in a stand mixer fitted with dough hook attachment for 8 to 10 minutes. For the potato filling: Mix together the potatoes, goat cheese, red onion, chives, salt, and pepper, to taste. Add the heavy cream as needed to adjust the consistency. For the caramelized onions: Cook the onions with 3 tablespoons butter very slowly over low heat. Season the onions with salt, freshly ground black pepper, and chopped thyme. For the truffe creme fraiche: R <END>
INPUT: Mexican, seedless watermelon, serrano chili peppers, Juice lime, low fat feta, cilantro leaves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Watermelon and Feta with Lime and Serrano Chili Peppers | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 3 pounds seedless watermelon, rind removed, cut into large dice (about 6 cups); 2 serrano chili peppers, seeded and minced; Juice of 1 lime; 1/2 cup low-fat feta cheese, crumbled; 1/4 cup cilantro leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: Method Place the watermelon in a large mixing bowl. Add the minced serrano chili pepper and lime juice to the bowl and toss gently until combined. Sprinkle with the feta and cilantro leaves and toss once more to incorporate. Refrigerate until ready to serve. Place the watermelon in a large mixing bowl. Add the minced serrano chili pepper and lime juice to the bowl and toss gently until combined. Sprinkle with the feta and cilantro leaves and toss once more to incorporate. Refrigerate until ready to serve. <END>
INPUT: Brussels sprouts, olive oil, Kosher salt pepper, Parmesan, curly kale
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Brussels Sprouts and Kale | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 pounds Brussels sprouts, trimmed; 1/4 cup olive oil; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1/2 cup grated Parmesan, plus a chunk of Parmesan, for shaving; 1 bunch curly kale, torn into large pieces; Zest of 1 lemon; 1/2 cup pecan halves, toasted and chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Slice the Brussels sprouts very thin. Toss with 2 tablespoons of the oil and some salt and pepper on a baking sheet. Roast, shaking the baking sheet a couple of times while cooking, until the sprouts are browned in spots and tender, about 30 minutes. Transfer to a bowl, stir in the grated Parmesan and set aside. Toss the kale with the remaining 2 tablespoons olive oil and place on a baking sheet. Roast until the leaves are tender, crisp on the edges and lightly browned, about 10 minutes, then stir with the Brussels sprouts. Garnish with the lemon zest, big sh <END>
INPUT: Indian, sauce, okra, plum tomatoes, salt, onion, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Scallops, Okra, and Tomatoes in Coconut Curry Sauce | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 pound small fresh okra; 1 pound plum tomatoes; 1 tablespoon plus 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1 small onion, chopped; 1 large garlic clove, chopped; 1 (1-inch) piece peeled fresh ginger, chopped; 2 to 3 teaspoons minced fresh jalapeno chile (including seeds); 1 cup low-sodium fat-free chicken broth; 1 1/4 pounds sea scallops, tough muscle removed from side of each, if necessary; 1/4 teaspoon black pepper; 2 teaspoons vegetable oil, plus 1/2 teaspoon; 1 1/2 teaspoons curry powder (preferably Madras); 2/3 cup well-stirred canned reduced-fat coconut milk; 1/4 cup loosely packed fresh cilantro leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: Trim tops of okra, being careful not to cut into pods. Cut an X in bottom of each tomato and immerse tomatoes in a 2-quart saucepan of boiling water for 10 seconds. Transfer tomatoes with a slotted spoon (save boiling water) to a bowl of ice and cold water to cool, then peel. Add 1 tablespoon salt to boiling water, then add okra and cook, uncovered, until just tender, about 5 minutes. Drain okra in a colander, then plunge into same ice water to stop cooking. Drain okra and pat dry with paper towels. Quarter tomatoes lengthwise and seed, then cut each quarter lengthwise into 1/2-inch-wide strip <END>
INPUT: dressing, spinach mixed salad, watercress, onion, radishes, bean sprouts
OUTPUT: TITLE: Salad with Apple Dressing | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound spinach and mixed salad greens, washed and torn into bite-size pieces; 1/4 pound watercress, washed and torn into bite-size pieces; 1 large red onion, sliced thinly; 1/2 cup radishes, sliced; 1/2 cup bean sprouts; 1 avocado, seeded and cut into 1-inch cubes; 1/2 cup apple juice; 1/4 cup vinegar (rice wine or cider); 2 cloves garlic, minced; 1 tablespoon soy sauce; 1 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce; 1 to 2 teaspoons olive oil | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large bowl, toss salad ingredients. In a small bowl, whisk together juice, vinegar, garlic, soy sauce and Worcestershire. In a slow stream, whisk in oil. Pour dressing over salad and toss. <END>
INPUT: Italian, moroccan, spices, garlic, cumin, coriander
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spaghetti Squash with Moroccan Spices | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 (3 1/2- to 4-pound) spaghetti squash; 1/2 stick (4 tablespoons) unsalted butter, cut into pieces; 2 garlic cloves, minced; 1 teaspoon ground cumin; 1/2 teaspoon ground coriander; 1/8 teaspoon cayenne; 3/4 teaspoon salt; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro | INSTRUCTIONS: Pierce squash (about an inch deep) all over with a small sharp knife to prevent bursting. Cook in an 800-watt microwave oven on high power (100 percent) for 6 to 7 minutes. Turn squash over and microwave until squash feels slightly soft when pressed, 8 to 10 minutes more. Cool squash for 5 minutes. Meanwhile, melt butter in a small heavy saucepan over moderately high heat. Add garlic and cook, stirring, until golden, about 1 minute. Stir in spices and salt and remove from heat. Carefully halve squash lengthwise (it will give off steam) and remove and discard seeds. Working over a bowl, scrape  <END>
INPUT: gazpacho, celery, Granny Smith apple, water, lemon juice, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Celery Apple Gazpacho | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 8 to 9 celery ribs, chopped (3 cups); 1 Granny Smith apple, peeled and cored; 1 1/2 cups cold water; 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice; 1 teaspoon salt; 1 (3-inch) piece baguette, crust discarded; 1/4 cup blanched almonds, chopped; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; Garnish: thin celery matchstick curls | INSTRUCTIONS: Purée celery, apple, water, lemon juice, and salt in a blender until smooth. Chill mixture in blender, covered, 1 hour. Reblend, then strain through a fine-mesh sieve. Soak bread in strained soup 3 minutes. Rinse blender and pulse almonds until finely ground. Add soup with bread and blend. Then, with motor running, add oil in a slow stream, blending until emulsified. Purée celery, apple, water, lemon juice, and salt in a blender until smooth. Chill mixture in blender, covered, 1 hour. Reblend, then strain through a fine-mesh sieve. Soak bread in strained soup 3 minutes. Rinse blender and pulse <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, Champagne vinegar balsamic, granulated sugar, coriander seeds, mustard seeds, shallot
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pickled Feta and Cerignola Olives with Strawberries | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 3 cups Champagne vinegar or white balsamic vinegar; 1/2 cup granulated sugar; 2 tablespoons coriander seeds; 2 tablespoons mustard seeds; 1 medium shallot, sliced; 4 whole garlic cloves; 4 sprigs cilantro; 2 pounds feta, diced or crumbled (roughly 6 1/2 cups); 1 pound Cerignola olives (red, green, or black), pitted and cut in half; 1 pound fresh strawberries, hulled and cut in quarters; 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 1/4 cup cilantro, chopped; 12 ounces baby spinach; Salt and white pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: To prepare the pickle, combine the vinegar, 3 cups of water, sugar, coriander seeds, mustard seeds, shallot, garlic, and cilantro in a small saucepan. Bring the pickling liquid to a boil over medium-high heat, reduce to a simmer, and allow the contents to cook for 5 minutes. Remove the pot from the heat and let it cool completely. Place the feta in a large mixing bowl or divide it between two 1-quart jars, and pour the cool pickling solution over the cheese. Make sure all of the feta is completely submerged. (If you use quart jars, you will have a little bit of extra brine left over, which you <END>
INPUT: half half, sugar, heavy cream, lemon juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sour-Cream Ice Cream | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 (16-ounces) container chilled sour cream; 1 cup chilled half-and-half; 3/4 cup sugar; 1/2 cup chilled heavy cream; 2 teaspoons fresh lemon juice; 1/2 teaspoon pure vanilla extract; Equipment: an ice cream maker | INSTRUCTIONS: Purée all ingredients with 1/8 teaspoon salt in a blender until mixture is smooth and sugar has dissolved. Chill until very cold. Freeze mixture in ice cream maker. Transfer to an airtight container and put in freezer to firm up, about 6 hours. Purée all ingredients with 1/8 teaspoon salt in a blender until mixture is smooth and sugar has dissolved. Chill until very cold. Freeze mixture in ice cream maker. Transfer to an airtight container and put in freezer to firm up, about 6 hours. <END>
INPUT: olive oil, Salt pepper, pinches pepper flakes, maple syrup
OUTPUT: TITLE: Glazed Pork Chops | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/3 cup olive oil; 2 (12 to 16-ounce) bone-in pork loin chops; Salt and freshly ground pepper; 2 pinches crushed red pepper flakes; 1 cup maple syrup | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 500 degrees F. In a large oven-safe saute pan over high heat, heat the olive oil until oil ripples. Season pork chops on both sides with salt and pepper and crushed red pepper flakes. Sear the chops, presentation side down, until browned. Then flip and cook until the other side is browned. If the chops are more than 2 inches thick, sear them on the sides as well, using tongs to hold them. Once a uniform sear is achieved, remove the pan from the heat and pour the syrup over the chops. Cook in the oven for 20 to 25 minutes or until firm to the touch. A meat thermometer should reg <END>
INPUT: tart, sugar, slivered almonds, butter, eggs, vanilla extract
OUTPUT: TITLE: Almond Apricot Tart | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/3 cup sugar; 2/3 cup slivered almonds, slightly toasted; 6 tablespoons butter; 1 eggs; 1/4 teaspoon vanilla extract; 1/4 teaspoon almond extract; 1 1/2 tablespoons flour; 1 sheet frozen puff pastry, thawed; 6 fresh or canned apricot halves, pits removed; 1/4 cup whole almonds, skin on; Confectioners' sugar, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 425 degrees F. To make the frangipane, place the almonds and the sugar in a food processor and grind until sandy. Add the butter and continue mixing then add the egg, vanilla, and the flour and mix until smooth. To make the tart, on a floured work surface pass your rolling pin over the pastry just to flatten any ridges. Place it on a parchment paper lined sheet pan and cut out a 9-inch disk. Spread the almond frangipane in the center of the tart leaving a 1-inch border. Firmly place the apricot halves into the frangipane spacing them evenly around the tart. Dot the spaces betwe <END>
INPUT: salad, onion, shrimp, virgin olive oil, hot paprika, Kosher salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Shrimp-Salad Pitas | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 small red onion, finely chopped; 1 1/2 pounds medium shrimp, peeled, deveined and halved crosswise; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1/2 teaspoon hot paprika; Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper; 1/2 cup 2% Greek yogurt; 1 medium carrot, coarsely grated; 1 Kirby cucumber, halved lengthwise, seeded and thinly sliced; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh dill; 1 lemon; 4 whole-wheat pitas; 8 Bibb lettuce leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the broiler. Soak the chopped onion in a bowl of cold water while you prepare the shrimp. Toss the shrimp with the olive oil, paprika, 1/4 teaspoon salt, and pepper to taste on a rimmed baking sheet. Spread in an even layer and broil until the shrimp are opaque, about 4 minutes. Transfer to a bowl and let cool. Wash and dry the baking sheet. Drain the onion and add to the shrimp along with the yogurt, carrot, cucumber, dill, and salt and pepper to taste. Grate in 1 teaspoon lemon zest and squeeze in about half of the lemon juice. Lay the pitas on the baking sheet and toast under the br <END>
INPUT: guajillo chiles, ancho chiles, cascabel chiles, racks goat, legs goat
OUTPUT: TITLE: Goat Rack and Leg | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 guajillo chiles, seeded; 6 ancho chiles, seeded; 6 cascabel chiles, seeded; 2 bone-in racks of goat (2 to 3 pounds total) bones frenched; 2 legs of goat (4 to 5 pounds total); Olive oil; 4 tablespoons butter; 16 cippolini onions; Braising liquid from the Barbacoa of goat shoulder recipe; 16 butterball potatoes, "C" size; Banana leaves; Sea salt; 24 long chives; Freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Roast the guajillo, ancho, and cascabel chiles on a pan in the oven until toasted and aromatic. Let cool; they should be crispy. Grind them in a spice grinder. Season the outside of the racks and the legs with the ground chile powder. Reduce the oven temperature to 300 degrees F. Heat the 2 tablespoons olive oil and 2 tablespoons butter in a saute pan. Brown the cippolini onions on both sides, and then deglaze with the some of the liquid from the Barbacoa. Braise in the oven, turning them occasionally to glaze them, until very tender. Cut each potato in half  <END>
INPUT: john, villa, blueberries, sugar, water, pineapple, mint leaves
OUTPUT: TITLE: John Villa's Pineapple Carpaccio with Blueberries, Mint and Fresh Coconut | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 pint of blueberries (about 40 to 45 berries); 1/2-ounce sugar; 2 ounces water; 1 small pineapple; 8 to 10 fresh mint leaves, rinsed; 3/4 ounces fresh coconut meat, shredded | INSTRUCTIONS: Place blueberries, sugar, and water into a bowl. Stir to dissolve sugar and marinate for about 10 minutes (do not refrigerate). Slice pineapple as thinly as possible and place slices on 4 chilled plates covering the entire plate. Pat mint leaves dry, and place on top of one another and roll tightly, then slice across as thin as possible. Top the pineapple with the blueberry mixture. Sprinkle with mint ribbons, coconut and drizzle some of the remaining water mixture over the entire plate.; <END>
INPUT: butter, onions, carrot, beef broth, wine
OUTPUT: TITLE: Honey-Glazed Rack of Lamb | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons butter; 2 1/2 cups chopped onions; 1 cup chopped carrot; 2 cups canned beef broth; 1 1/2 cups dry red wine; 1 cup canned low-salt chicken broth; 1 1/2 teaspoons tomato paste; 1 teaspoon chopped fresh rosemary; 1 1/2 tablespoons all purpose flour; 1/2 cup honey; 3 tablespoons soy sauce; 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard; 2 1 1/4-pound trimmed racks of lamb | INSTRUCTIONS: Make red wine sauce: Melt 2 tablespoons butter in heavy large pot over medium-high heat. Add onions and carrot and sauté until deep brown, about 12 minutes. Add beef broth and next 4 ingredients; boil 10 minutes to blend flavors. Mix flour and 1 tablespoon butter to paste in bowl. Whisk into sauce. Simmer until sauce thickens, whisking occasionally, about 10 minutes. Strain. Set aside. Melt 2 tablespoons butter in heavy large pot over medium-high heat. Add onions and carrot and sauté until deep brown, about 12 minutes. Add beef broth and next 4 ingredients; boil 10 minutes to blend flavors. Mi <END>
INPUT: toffee, unsalted butter, potato chips, sugar, vanilla extract, apple cider vinegar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Potato Chip-Chocolate Toffee | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 sticks unsalted butter, plus more for the baking sheet; 5 cups thick-cut potato chips; 1 cup sugar; 2 teaspoons vanilla extract; 2 tablespoons apple cider vinegar or white vinegar; 5 ounces bittersweet or semisweet chocolate, finely chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: Line a baking sheet with foil and butter the foil. Set 1 cup potato chips aside; break the remaining 4 cups chips in half if they're large. Combine the butter, sugar, vanilla and vinegar in a saucepan over medium-high heat and cook, stirring occasionally, until the mixture is light amber and a candy thermometer registers 320 degrees F, about 10 minutes. Remove from the heat and stir in the 4 cups chips, then immediately pour onto the baking sheet and spread in a thin layer. Gently press the reserved 1 cup chips on top of the toffee and let cool. Put about three-quarters of the chocolate in a m <END>
INPUT: olive oil, onions, leek, Kosher salt pepper, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sea Scallops with Caramelized Onion | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup olive oil; 2 white onions, thinly sliced; 1 leek, whites only, thinly sliced; Kosher salt and cracked black pepper; 3 tablespoons minced garlic; 1 cup thinly sliced shiitake mushrooms, stems removed; 1 cup vegetable broth; 1 1/2 cups frozen peas, thawed; Pinch red pepper flakes; 3 tablespoons sliced scallion greens; Dash sherry vinegar; 8 (U-10) dry sea scallops; 1 tablespoon butter; Squeeze fresh lemon juice | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large saute pan over medium-high heat, add the olive oil. Add the onions, leeks, and salt and pepper, to taste. Cook stirring frequently until caramelized, about 15 minutes. Add the garlic and shiitake mushrooms. Continue cooking for an additional 3 to 4 minutes. Stir in the vegetable broth and bring to a simmer. Add the peas, red pepper flakes and scallions. Season the broth with salt and pepper, to taste, and add a dash of sherry vinegar. Cook for 1 minute. Keep warm. Season the scallops with salt and pepper, to taste. In another large saute pan over medium-high heat, add the butter. Ad <END>
INPUT: Asian, bowl, Asian short grain, water, soybean mung bean, carrots
OUTPUT: TITLE: Korean Vegetable Rice Bowl | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1 2/3 cups Asian short-grain white or sushi rice; 2 cups water; 1 (10- to 12-ounce) bunch flat-leaf spinach, stems discarded; 1/2 pound fresh soybean or mung-bean sprouts, trimmed; 2 large carrots; 1 small zucchini, trimmed; 1 cup drained preserved fiddlehead fern stems (also called bracken fern, kosari, or warabi; optional); 1/4 cup plus 2 teaspoons vegetable oil; 6 ounces fresh shiitake mushrooms, stems discarded and caps cut into very thin slices (2 cups); 6 teaspoons finely chopped garlic (from 4 cloves); 1 1/2 teaspoons salt; 1 1/2 teaspoons Asian sesame oil; 2 teaspoons sesame seeds, toasted and coarsely chopped; 4 large eggs; 4 tablespoons Korean hot-pepper paste (sometimes labeled "gochujang") | INSTRUCTIONS: Wash rice in several changes of cold water until water is almost clear, then drain in a sieve. Bring rice and water (2 cups) to a boil in a 1 1/2- to 2-quart heavy saucepan, uncovered, then reduce heat to low and cook, covered, until water is absorbed and rice is tender, about 20 minutes. Remove from heat and let stand, covered, 10 minutes, then stir rice from top to bottom. Keep warm, covered. Wash spinach well and cook in a 4- to 5-quart pot of boiling salted water , stirring, until just wilted, 15 to 30 seconds. Transfer with tongs to a large bowl of ice and cold water to stop cooking, rese <END>
INPUT: cabbage, unsalted butter, kosher salt, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sauteed Cabbage | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 small head white cabbage, including outer green leaves (2 1/2 pounds); 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1 1/2 teaspoons kosher salt; 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Cut the cabbage in half and, with the cut-side down, slice it as thinly as possible around the core, as though you were making coleslaw. Discard the core. Melt the butter in a large saute pan or heavy-bottomed pot over medium-high heat. Add the cabbage, salt, and pepper and saute for 10 to 15 minutes, stirring occasionally, until the cabbage is tender and begins to brown. Season, to taste, and serve warm. <END>
INPUT: Asian, rolls, canola oil, onion, bell peppers, ginger, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken Avocado Egg Rolls | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons canola oil; 1/2 cup finely minced red onion; 1/4 cup finely minced red bell peppers; 2 tablespoons minced ginger; 1 tablespoon minced garlic; 1/4 cup sliced bamboo shoots; 1/4 cup finely chopped celery; 2 cups chopped chicken breast; 1/4 cup soy sauce; 1 cup julienned green cabbage; 1/2 cup shredded carrots; 4 cups rice bran oil or canola oil; 12 egg roll wrappers; 2 avocados, sliced into 24 pieces; 1 egg mixed with 1 tablespoon milk | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. In a saute pan over high heat, add canola oil. Saute red onions and bell peppers until translucent. Add ginger, garlic, bamboo shoots, celery, chicken, and cook for 5 minutes over medium heat. Deglaze pan with soy sauce. Cool mixture. In large bowl combine cabbage, carrots and chicken mixture. In medium saucepan, heat rice bran oil to 350 degrees F. Oil needs to be deep enough to keep egg roll from touching bottom of pan. Add more oil, if needed. To roll egg rolls, layout egg roll skin with corner facing you, place approximately 1/12th of mixture on roll and plac <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, shallot, garlic, pine nuts, Kalamata olives, oil anchovies
OUTPUT: TITLE: Olive-Stuffed Leg of Lamb | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 1 shallot, chopped; 2 garlic cloves, chopped; 1/2 cup pine nuts; 1/2 cup pitted Kalamata olives; 1/4 cup drained oil-packed anchovies; 1/4 cup finely grated lemon zest; 1/4 cup mint leaves; 1/4 cup parsley leaves; 2 tablespoons thyme leaves; 1/2 cup olive oil, plus more; Kosher salt, freshly ground pepper; 0 freshly ground pepper; 1 3–4 pound piece butterflied boneless leg of lamb; 2 cups soft sheep's-milk cheese or goat cheese; 1 garlic clove, finely grated | INSTRUCTIONS: Lamb: Preheat oven to 425°. Finely chop shallot, garlic, nuts, olives, anchovies, lemon zest, mint, parsley, and thyme in a food processor. With motor running, stream in 1/2 cup oil; process until blended. Season stuffing with salt and pepper. Unfold lamb on a cutting board and season with salt and pepper. Spread stuffing over top; roll up lamb from left to right. Position seam side down and tie closed with kitchen twine at 1 1/2" intervals crosswise, then once lengthwise. Transfer to a wire rack set inside a rimmed baking sheet; drizzle with oil. Roast until lamb is starting to brown, 30–40 m <END>
INPUT: American, mashed, casserole, smoked bacon, onions, russet potatoes, sour cream, milk
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mashed-Potato Casserole with Gouda and Bacon | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 6 slices thick-cut smoked bacon (preferably applewood-smoked); 3 large green onions (white and pale green parts only), finely chopped; 3 pounds russet potatoes, peeled, cut into 11/2-inch cubes; 3/4 cup sour cream; 1/3 cup whole milk; 1/4 cup (1/2 stick) butter; 2 cups (about 8 ounces) coarsely grated smoked Gouda, divided | INSTRUCTIONS: Butter 13x9x2-inch baking dish. Cook bacon in heavy large skillet until golden brown and crisp. Transfer to paper towels to drain. Chop bacon. Place in medium bowl. Add green onions; toss to distribute evenly. Place potatoes in large pot and add enough cold water to cover. Sprinkle with salt. Cover and boil with lid slightly ajar until potatoes are tender, 15 to 20 minutes. Drain well. Return potatoes to pot. Cook over low heat, stirring often, until potatoes are dry and light film forms on bottom of pot, about 2 minutes. Add next 3 ingredients. Using potato masher, mash until almost smooth. S <END>
INPUT: Pimm's, lemon juice, orange, lemon, soda water
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pimm's and Soda | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 bottle Pimm's; 1/3-1/2 cup fresh lemon juice; 1 orange, sliced into quarter wheels; 1 lemon, sliced into quarter wheels; soda water; peeled cucumber sticks for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine Pimm's, lemon juice, orange and lemon slices in pitcher. For each drink pour 2-3 ounces Pimm's over ice and top with soda water. Garnish with a cucumber stick. <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, salad, virgin olive oil, balsamic vinegar, smoked paprika, kosher salt, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Israeli Couscous Salad with Smoked Paprika | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 1/3 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 2 tablespoons white balsamic vinegar; 1 1/2 teaspoons smoked paprika; 1 teaspoon kosher salt; 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil; 1 1/3 cups (8 ounces) Israeli couscous, sometimes called pearl couscous or maftoul; 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt; 2 cups packed baby spinach leaves, coarsely chopped; 12 ounces grape tomatoes, cherry tomatoes, or baby heirloom tomatoes of assorted colors, halved (about 2 cups); 4 ounces (about 1 cup) feta, coarsely crumbled or chopped into 1/2-inch pieces; 1 cup jarred red bell peppers, drained and coarsely chopped; 1/2 cup chopped fresh flat-leaf parsley; 1/3 cup slivered almonds, toasted; 1/4 cup chopped fresh mint | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. For the dressing: Whisk the oil, vinegar, paprika, salt and pepper in a small bowl until smooth. For the couscous: Heat the oil over medium-high heat in a large saucepan. Cook the couscous, stirring frequently, until golden, 4 to 5 minutes. Add 2 cups water and the salt and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat to medium-low. Cover and simmer until the couscous is just tender and the liquid is absorbed, 9 to 10 minutes. Set aside to cool slightly. Mix together the spinach, tomatoes, cheese, peppers, parsley, almonds and mint in a large bowl. Add the couscous and the d <END>
INPUT: chicken, vegetable oil, Kosher salt, Special bricks wrapped
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken Under a Brick | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 3 1/2- to 4-pound chicken, backbone removed; 2 tablespoons vegetable oil; Kosher salt, freshly ground pepper; Special equipment: 2 bricks wrapped in foil | INSTRUCTIONS: Prepare grill for high, indirect heat (for a charcoal grill, bank coals on 1 side of grill; for a gas grill, leave 1 or 2 burners off). Place chicken on work surface, skin side up. Using your palms, press firmly on breastbone to flatten breast. Rub chicken with oil; season with salt and pepper. Tuck wings slightly under breast. Place chicken, skin side down, over indirect heat, set bricks on top, and grill, covered, until skin is golden and crisp, 25-30 minutes. Using tongs, remove bricks; turn chicken, skin side up. Replace bricks and continue grilling until chicken is cooked through and an i <END>
INPUT: creamed, shallot, celery celery leaves, all purpose flour, shucked oysters
OUTPUT: TITLE: Creamed Oysters on Toasted Corn Bread | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup minced shallot; 1/2 cup minced celery plus 3 tablespoons chopped celery leaves; 1/2 stick (1/4 cup) unsalted butter; 3 tablespoons all-purpose flour; 32 shucked oysters, reserving 1 1/4 cups of the liquor, strained; 1/4 cup milk; 1/4 cup heavy cream; 2 teaspoons Worcestershire sauce; 1 teaspoon ground celery seeds; 1/4 teaspoon cayenne, or to taste; 8 squares of corn bread, split, toasted, and buttered | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large heavy saucepan cook the shallots and the minced celery in the butter over moderate heat, stirring, until the vegetables are softened, add the flour, and cook the mixture over moderately low heat, stirring, for 3 minutes. Stir in the reserved oyster liquor, milk, and cream, bring the mixture to a boil, stirring, and simmer it, stirring, for 3 minutes. Stir in the Worcestershire sauce, celery seeds, cayenne, oysters, and salt to taste, simmer the mixture for 1 to 2 minutes, or until the edges of the oysters curl, and stir in the celery leaves.Arrange a bottom half of a corn bread squa <END>
INPUT: American, brownie, unsweetened chocolate, semisweet chocolate, butter, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Ancho Chile Chocolate Brownie | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup unsweetened chocolate; 1/2 cup semisweet chocolate; 1 cup butter; 1/2 cup sugar; 1 cup brown sugar; 4 eggs, beaten; 2 teaspoons vanilla; 1 1/2 cups flour; Pinch salt; 1/2 teaspoon baking powder; 1 cup pecans; 4 tablespoons ancho chile powder; Cajeta sauce, recipe follows; Sifted cocoa powder; 1 quart goats milk, cows milk or a mixture of both | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 375 degrees. Melt chocolate and butter in double boiler, add sugar, brown sugar, eggs and vanilla. Place chocolate mixture in a mixing bowl and fold in flour, salt and baking powder. Add pecans and chile powder. Pour mixture into a deep 9 by13 greased pan and bake in oven for 1 hour or until toothpick inserted in center comes out clean. Cut into 3 inch squares. Serve with Cajeta Sauce, cinnamon ice cream, and sifted cocoa powder.; Stir together the milk, sugar, corn syrup, and cinnamon stick in medium size heavy pot or Dutch oven. Bring to a boil. Dissolve the baking soda in 1  <END>
INPUT: Indian, soup, zucchini, seedless cucumber, sweet onion Vidalia, wine vinegar, water
OUTPUT: TITLE: Zucchini Cucumber Soup | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 1 lb zucchini, chopped; 3/4 lb seedless cucumber (usually plastic-wrapped), peeled and chopped (2 cups); 1/3 cup chopped sweet onion such as Vidalia; 1/4 cup white-wine vinegar; 1/4 cup water; 1 teaspoon chopped fresh hot green chile; 1 3/4 teaspoons salt; 1 teaspoon ground coriander; 1/2 cup crme frache (4 oz) | INSTRUCTIONS: Purée zucchini, cucumber, onion, vinegar, water, chile, 1 teaspoon salt, and 1/2 teaspoon coriander in a blender until very smooth. Whisk remaining 3/4 teaspoon salt and 1/2 teaspoon coriander into crme frache. Serve soup topped with dollops of crme frache. Purée zucchini, cucumber, onion, vinegar, water, chile, 1 teaspoon salt, and 1/2 teaspoon coriander in a blender until very smooth. Whisk remaining 3/4 teaspoon salt and 1/2 teaspoon coriander into crme frache. Serve soup topped with dollops of crme frache. <END>
INPUT: salad, mayonnaise, wine vinegar, lemon juice, honey, mustard
OUTPUT: TITLE: Japanese-Style Potato Salad with Daikon and Cucumber | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup mayonnaise; 1/2 cup white wine vinegar; 1/4 cup fresh lemon juice; 1 tablespoon honey; 1 teaspoon dry mustard; 1/4 teaspoon ground white pepper; 1/4 cup finely chopped celery; 1/4 cup finely chopped white onion; 2 3/4 pounds russet potatoes (about 4 very large), peeled, sliced into 1/2-inch-thick rounds; 1 2-inch-long piece daikon (Japanese white radish),* peeled, halved lengthwise, cut crosswise into 1/8-inch-thick slices; 1 large carrot, peeled, cut into 1/8-inch-thick rounds; 8 large escarole leaves, torn into 1-inch pieces; 1 cup very thinly sliced red onion; 1 cup very thinly sliced white onion; 3/4 cup thinly sliced peeled Japanese cucumber or half-rounds of peeled English hothouse cucumber | INSTRUCTIONS: For dressing: Whisk first 6 ingredients in small bowl. Mix in celery and onion. Season with salt. (Can be made 1 day ahead. Cover; chill.) Whisk first 6 ingredients in small bowl. Mix in celery and onion. Season with salt. (Can be made 1 day ahead. Cover; chill.) For salad: Steam potatoes until tender, about 12 minutes. Transfer potatoes to large bowl; mash coarsely. Steam daikon and carrot until tender, about 5 minutes. Transfer to medium bowl. Mix 1 1/2 cups dressing into mashed potatoes. Cool to barely lukewarm. Gently mix daikon, carrot, and remaining vegetables into potatoes. Season with  <END>
INPUT: Indian, country, captain, coriander seeds, fennel seeds, cumin seeds, peppercorns
OUTPUT: TITLE: Country Captain with Cauliflower and Peas | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 teaspoons coriander seeds; 1 teaspoon fennel seeds; 1 teaspoon cumin seeds; 1/2 teaspoon whole black peppercorns; 3 whole cloves; 1/4 teaspoon cardamom seeds (from 3 whole green cardamom pods); 1 1/2-inch piece cinnamon stick; 1/2 teaspoon turmeric; 1/4 teaspoon (scant) cayenne pepper; 5 tablespoons peanut oil or vegetable oil, divided; 1 small head of cauliflower, trimmed, cut into 1-inch florets (about 4 cups); Coarse kosher salt; 2 pounds skinless boneless chicken thighs, trimmed, cut into 1- to 2-inch pieces; 1 bunch green onions, dark green and white parts chopped separately; 1 tablespoon finely grated peeled fresh ginger | INSTRUCTIONS: For spice mixture: Place coriander seeds, fennel seeds, cumin seeds, black peppercorns, cloves, cardamom seeds, and cinnamon stick in small dry skillet. Stir over medium heat until fragrant and slightly darker in color, 5 to 6 minutes. Remove from heat; cool. Finely grind spices in spice mill or in mortar with pestle. Transfer to small bowl; add turmeric and cayenne. Place coriander seeds, fennel seeds, cumin seeds, black peppercorns, cloves, cardamom seeds, and cinnamon stick in small dry skillet. Stir over medium heat until fragrant and slightly darker in color, 5 to 6 minutes. Remove from h <END>
INPUT: salad, romaine hearts, Lemon flavored olive, Kosher salt pepper, crumbled cheese, navel orange
OUTPUT: TITLE: Orange and Blue Grilled Romaine Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 romaine hearts, halved lengthwise through the core; Lemon flavored olive oil; Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper; 1/2 cup crumbled blue cheese (recommended: Shropshire); 1 navel orange; 1/2 small shallot, sliced | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat a grill pan over high heat. Brush the romaine spears with some lemon oil and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Put the spears on the grill pan and cook, turning once, until grill marks appear and the lettuce begins to wilt, about 2 minutes total. Immediately remove from the grill to a serving platter and sprinkle each half with about 2 tablespoons of the crumbled blue cheese. With a sharp knife, cut the peel and pith from the orange. Carefully remove the orange segments by cutting them lengthwise away from the membrane, into a bowl. Squeeze the juice from the membrane over the seg <END>
INPUT: chews, soft caramel candies, unsalted roasted peanuts, chocolate chip morsels, coconut flakes, Vegetable
OUTPUT: TITLE: Coco-Nut Caramel Chews | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 5 ounces soft caramel candies, 24 pieces, unwrapped; 1/2 cup unsalted dry roasted peanuts; 1/4 cup white chocolate chip morsels, 2 handfuls; 1 1/4 cups sweetened coconut flakes; Vegetable cooking spray | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Line a 8 by 8-inch square microwave safe dish with plastic wrap allowing the wrap to come over the sides. Spray the prepared dish with cooking spray. Spray a medium size, microwave safe bowl with cooking spray. To the prepared bowl, add the caramel candies, peanuts, white chocolate and 1/2 cup of the coconut. Give it a stir to combine. set the microwave for 1 minute 30 seconds on HIGH. Place the bowl in the microwave and cook 1 minute. Stop the microwave, stir the mixture, return to microwave to cook 30 seconds longer. Remove the mixture and stir. Scrape it into  <END>
INPUT: vegetables, wine vinegar, vegetable oil, bell peppers, eggplant, zucchini
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Vegetables on Onion Rolls | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons white-wine vinegar; 1/3 cup vegetable oil; 2 red bell peppers, quartered; 1/2 pound eggplant, cut crosswise into 1/4-inch-thick slices; 1/2 pound zucchini, scrubbed and cut diagonally into 1/4-inch-thick slices; 1 onion, cut crosswise into 1/4-inch-thick slices; 4 onion rolls, halved horizontally; 1/4 cup fresh coriander if desired | INSTRUCTIONS: In a bowl whisk together the vinegar and salt and black pepper to taste, add the oil in a stream, whisking, and whisk the dressing until it is emulsified. Brush the bell peppers with some of the dressing, grill them, skin sides down, on a rack set 4 to 6 inches over glowing coals for 10 to 15 minutes, or until the skin is charred, and transfer them to a bowl, discarding the charred skin. Brush the eggplant, the zucchini, and the onion with some of the remaining dressing, grill the vegetables on the rack, turning them, for 10 to 15 minutes, or until they are browned and tender, and transfer the <END>
INPUT: cookies, all purpose flour, cinnamon, baking soda, baking powder
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cinnamon-Almond Cookies | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 cups all purpose flour; 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1/2 teaspoon baking soda; 1/2 teaspoon baking powder; 1 cup (2 sticks) unsalted butter,room temperature; 3/4 cup sugar; 3/4 cup (packed) golden brown sugar; 1 large egg; 1 large egg yolk; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1 3/4 cups sliced or blanched slivered almonds | INSTRUCTIONS: Sift first 4 ingredients into medium bowl. Beat butter in large bowl until fluffy. Beat in both sugars. Add egg and egg yolk; beat to blend. Beat in vanilla and salt. Add flour mixture and beat until dough comes together in moist clumps. Add almonds and knead gently in bowl with hands until blended. Divide dough into 4 equal portions. Roll each into 10-inch-long log, about 1 1/4 to 1 1/2 inches in diameter. Wrap dough in 2 layers of plastic and place in freezer until frozen, at least 4 hours. (Can be prepared 1 month ahead. Keep frozen.) Preheat oven to 350°F. Working with 1 log at a time, rem <END>
INPUT: American, tart, all purpose flour, salt, ice water, mushrooms
OUTPUT: TITLE: Polenta, Goat Cheese, and Mushroom Tart | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cups all-purpose flour; 1 teaspoon salt; 1 stick (1/2 cup) cold unsalted butter, cut into bits; 3 to 4 tablespoons ice water; 1/2 pound mushrooms, sliced; 1 stick (1/2 cup) unsalted butter, softened; 4 cups water; 1 teaspoon salt; 1 cup cornmeal or instant polenta; 1/2 cup sour cream; 1/4 pound soft mild goat cheese from a log or disk; 2 large eggs, beaten lightly; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1 tablespoon fresh small thyme sprigs | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 375°F. On a floured surface with a floured rolling pin roll out dough into a 15-inch round (about 1/8 inch thick) and fit it into a 9-inch quiche dish. Trim overhang to 1/2 inch and fold toward center, pressing against side of dish. Chill shell until ready to use. In a skillet cook mushrooms with salt to taste in 2 tablespoons butter over moderately high heat until golden and any liquid is evaporated. Spread mushrooms in shell and bake in middle of oven 20 minutes. While tart is baking, with back of a spoon force polenta through a coarse sieve into a bowl to break up lumps. Sti <END>
INPUT: wine, wine vinegar, garlic, Dijon style mustard, chicken thigh drumsticks
OUTPUT: TITLE: Red-Wine Marinated Fried Chicken with Onions | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup dry red wine; 1/2 cup red-wine vinegar; 3 garlic cloves, minced and mashed to a paste with a pinch of salt; 1 tablespoon Dijon-style mustard; 8 chicken thigh or drumsticks (about 2 pounds); 1 large egg; 1 cup all-purpose flour; 1 teaspoon salt; 1/2 teaspoon dried thyme, crumbled; vegetable oil for frying the chicken; 2 large onions, sliced thin | INSTRUCTIONS: Make the marinade: In a large shallow dish whisk together the wine, the vinegar, the garlic paste, the mustard, and pepper to taste. Arrange the chicken, pricked in several places with a fork, in one layer in the dish, let it marinate, covered and chilled, turning it once, for at least 3 hours or, preferably, overnight. and drain it, reserving 1/2 cup of the marinade and discarding the rest. In a shallow dish whisk together the egg and the reserved marinade. In another shallow dish stir together the flour, the salt, the thyme, and pepper to taste. Dip the chicken in the egg mixture, letting th <END>
INPUT: citrus, salad, clementines, ruby grapefruit, Salt, pepper, diver sea scallops
OUTPUT: TITLE: Seared Scallops with Citrus, Arugula and Pomegranate Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 clementines, peeled and cut into segments; 1 ruby red grapefruit, peeled and cut into segments; Salt; Pinch crushed red pepper; 8 large dry diver sea scallops; Extra-virgin olive oil; 2 cloves garlic, smashed; 2 cups baby arugula; 1/2 small red onion, finely julienned; 1/2 cup pomegranate seeds | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine all the citrus in a medium bowl with a pinch of salt and crushed red pepper and reserve. Season the scallops with salt. Coat a large saute pan with olive oil. When the oil is hot but not smoking add the smashed garlic cloves. When the garlic has become golden and very aromatic remove it from the pan and discard it. Next, gently lay the scallops in the pan and cook for 2 to 3 minutes on each side. If the pan begins to smoke reduce the heat of the burner. The scallops should look beautifully caramelized on each side. While the scallops are cooking, dress the arugula in a small bowl with  <END>
INPUT: clemencea, baking potatoes, clarified butter, dozen shrimp, mushrooms, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Shrimp Clemencea | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 baking potatoes, like russets, peeled and cut into 1/2-inch squares; 1/2 cup clarified butter; 4 dozen shrimp, peeled; 2 cups sliced mushrooms; 4 cloves garlic, minced; 1/2 teaspoon cracked black pepper; 1 (15-ounce) can early peas | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat a deep fryer to 350 degrees F. Add the potatoes to the oil and deep-fry until the potatoes are cooked through and golden brown. Drain on a paper towel lined plate. Heat the clarified butter in a large saute pan over medium heat. Saute the shrimp until they are pink, about 3 minutes. Add the mushrooms and continue to cook until tender. Add garlic, black pepper, and potatoes and saute for 2 minutes. Drain off the excess butter, add the peas, and cook until the peas are heated through. <END>
INPUT: Italian, pizzagna, virgin olive oil, button mushrooms, Kosher salt pepper, sweet Italian sausage, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pepperoni Pizzagna | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, plus more for the pan; 4 large button mushrooms, sliced; Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper; 8 ounces sweet Italian sausage, casings removed; 1 small red onion, finely chopped; 1 small green bell pepper, finely chopped; 1 24-ounce jar marinara sauce; 1/2 cup roughly chopped deli-sliced ham (about 2 ounces); 1/4 cup pitted black olives, sliced; 1 cup sliced pepperoni (about 3 ounces); 16 lasagna noodles; 3 cups shredded part-skim mozzarella cheese (about 12 ounces); 1 8-ounce container whole-milk ricotta cheese; 1/2 cup grated parmesan cheese (about 1 ounce); 2 large eggs, lightly beaten | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat 2 tablespoons olive oil in a large pot over medium-high heat. Add the mushrooms, season with salt and pepper and cook, stirring, until lightly browned, about 5 minutes. Transfer to a plate using a slotted spoon. Add the sausage to the pot and cook, breaking up the meat, until no longer pink, about 3 minutes. Add the onion and bell pepper, season with salt and pepper and cook, scraping up the browned bits, until the vegetables soften, about 4 minutes. Add the marinara sauce, bring to a simmer and cook 5 minutes. Remove from the heat and stir in the cooked mushrooms, ham, olives and about 3 <END>
INPUT: strudel, french, garlic, butter, shiitake mushrooms, porcini mushrooms, button mushrooms
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mushroom Strudel with Braised Shallots and French Lentils, with a Port Demi-Glaze | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 ounce garlic, chopped fine; 2 tablespoons butter; 6 ounces shiitake mushrooms, sliced; 3 ounces porcini mushrooms, sliced; 2 ounces button mushrooms, sliced; 1 each portobello mushrooms, sliced; 1 cup Marsala; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1 fresh thyme sprig; 16 whole peeled shallots; 2 ounces butter; 4 ounces white wine; 4 ounces Espagnole sauce (reinforced and thickened veal stock); 1/4 teaspoon salt; 1 tablespoon sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: Mushroom Strudel Filling: In large saute pan sweat garlic in butter. Add mushrooms and saute briefly. Deglaze with Marsala and add all remaining ingredients. Cook on low heat until all liquid has evaporated. Remove thyme stems and chill mushroom mixture. Braised Shallots: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. In large saute pan, caramelize shallots in butter. Deglaze with white wine and Espagnole sauce. Add all remaining ingredients. Cover the pan, place in the oven, and cook until shallots are tender, about 15 to 20 minutes. Remove from oven and keep hot. Sauce: Place all ingredients in saucepan and <END>
INPUT: American, long, virgin olive oil, garlic, triple spinach, Salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Stuffed Peppers with Beef, Rice, Spinach and Cheese | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 4 long, mild to medium chile peppers, such as moderate heat poblano or mild Italian cubanelle; 1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil, plus some for drizzling; 1 clove garlic, cracked; 10 ounces triple washed spinach, stems removed and coarsely chopped; Salt and pepper; 1/2 cup beef broth or chicken broth; 3 cups leftover Spanish style beef and rice; 1 cup tomato sauce; 2 cups shredded Monterey Jack, smoked cheddar or pepper jack cheese | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat a griddle or grill pan. Seed chile peppers. Drizzle peppers with a little oil and grill over medium high to high heat 3 or 4 minutes on each side, until tender. Transfer peppers to a broiler pan or baking sheet, hollow side up. Place a small skillet on the stove top and add 1 tablespoon, 1 turn of the pan, olive oil and a crushed clove of garlic. Heat over medium flame and add spinach in bunches until it is all wilted and is giving off liquid. Season greens with salt and pepper. Remove spinach and drain. Set aside. Preheat broiler to high. Defrost beef and rice in microwave oven. Combi <END>
INPUT: unsalted butter, garlic, onions, boxes, vegetable broth
OUTPUT: TITLE: Champagne Artichoke Hearts | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1 tablespoon crushed garlic; 1/4 cup frozen chopped onions, thawed; 2 boxes (8-ounces) frozen artichoke hearts, thawed; 1 cup vegetable broth; 1 cup Champagne or sparkling wine; 1 teaspoon salt; 1/2 teaspoon ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large pot over medium heat combine butter, garlic and onions and sweat for 5 minutes until onions are soft and translucent. Stir in artichoke hearts, vegetable broth and Champagne. Season with salt and pepper. Bring to simmer over medium heat and let simmer for 6 to 7 minutes. To serve, laddle the hearts into a bowl. <END>
INPUT: globe artichokes, bread crumbs, onion, Parmesan, parsley
OUTPUT: TITLE: Stuffed Artichokes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 large globe artichokes; 3 ounces fresh bread crumbs; 1 onion, finely chopped; 4 ounces Parmesan, freshly grated; 4 tablespoons parsley, chopped; 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped; 2 tomatoes, peeled, seeded and chopped; 1 tablespoon capers, cut in half; 2 ounces black olives, stoned and chopped; Salt; Black pepper, freshly ground; Olive oil; 1/4 pint (1/2 cup) white wine | INSTRUCTIONS: Remove the large outside leaves from the artichokes. Cut 1-inch off the top of the remaining leaves and scoop out the choke from the center of the artichoke. Make the stuffing by mixing together the bread crumbs, onion, Parmesan, parsley, garlic, tomatoes, capers, olives, and salt and pepper to taste.and fill the center of the artichokes. Cover the bottom of a heavy casserole, large enough to hold the artichokes comfortably, with olive oil. Heat until it is warm, then add the artichokes. Pour over the white wine, cover and simmer gently for about 1 hour. Yield: 6 servings <END>
INPUT: marmalade, apples, water, orange juice, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Orange Marmalade | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 16 ounces apples, cubed; 16 ounces water; 16 ounces orange juice; 12 ounces sugar; 12 ounces water; 16 ounces apple pectin liquid; 2 pounds sugar; 2 lemons, juiced; 5 oranges, sliced | INSTRUCTIONS: Using a large pot, combine the apples and water and bring to a boil. Cook until apples are soft, about 10 to 15 minutes. Strain through cheesecloth, reserve the liquid, and discard the remaining pulp. Combine the orange juice, sugar, water, and pectin in a large copper pot and bring to a boil. Cook the liquid and reduce to 2/3 of the original volume. Add the second addition of sugar and lemon juice and stir until it dissolves. Finally add the sliced oranges and continue to cook until the mixture reaches 225 degrees F, approximately 25 to 30 minutes. Test the consistency by cooling a small port <END>
INPUT: confit, coarse kosher salt, thyme, peppercorns, bay leaves, duck legs
OUTPUT: TITLE: Duck Confit | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup coarse kosher salt; 1 tablespoon dried thyme; 2 teaspoons white peppercorns; 2 bay leaves; 12 whole duck legs (leg and thigh); 15 garlic cloves, peeled; 6 7-ounce containers rendered duck fat; 1 cup water; 2 tablespoons vegetable oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Finely grind first 4 ingredients in spice mill. Trim excess fat from duck legs; place trimmings in bowl, cover, and chill. Rub salt mixture all over duck legs. Layer legs and garlic cloves in large resealable plastic bag. Seal; chill 24 hours. Preheat oven to 325°F. Simmer duck fat, duck trimmings, and 1 cup water in large saucepan over medium-low heat until water evaporates and simmering slows, about 30 minutes. Thoroughly rinse salt mixture from duck and discard garlic; pat dry. Place duck in large deep roasting pan. Pour hot fat over. Cover with foil; place in oven. Cook until meat is tende <END>
INPUT: Mexican, sugar, jalapeño, tequila blanco, cubes seedless watermelon, lime juice, Simple Syrup
OUTPUT: TITLE: Watermelon Sugar | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 jalapeño, halved lengthwise; 3/4 cup tequila blanco; 2 cups 3/4" cubes seedless watermelon; 6 tablespoons fresh lime juice; 6 tablespoons Simple Syrup; 1/4 cup mezcal or gold tequila | INSTRUCTIONS: Scrape stems, seeds, and veins from jalapeño into a small jar (reserve green flesh for another use). Add tequila; cover and let infuse for 15 minutes. Set a strainer over a small bowl. Pour tequila through strainer and discard solids. Place watermelon cubes in a large pitcher. Using a muddler or potato masher, coarsely crush watermelon. Stir in lime juice, Simple Syrup, mezcal, and jalapeño tequila. Stir in 2 cups ice. Cover and refrigerate until chilled, about 2 hours. Fill Old Fashioned glasses with ice. Divide cocktail among glasses and serve. Scrape stems, seeds, and veins from jalapeño in <END>
INPUT: white, house, mixed herbs, dijon mustard, virgin olive oil, chicken, Salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: White House Garden Herb-Roasted Chicken with Braised Greens | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons chopped mixed fresh herbs (such as rosemary, thyme, sage and parsley); 1 tablespoon dijon mustard; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1 3-to-4 pound chicken, quartered; Salt and pepper; 2 slices bacon, diced; 1 large red onion, diced; 2 bunches kale, collard or mustard greens (a mix also works well), stemmed and torn; 3/4 cup chicken stock | INSTRUCTIONS: Mix the herbs, mustard and olive oil in a nonreactive baking dish. Add the chicken, season with salt and pepper and turn to coat evenly. Cover and marinate in the refrigerator at least 1 hour or overnight. Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F. Place the chicken on a foil-lined baking sheet and roast until the meat is cooked through and the skin is crisp, 30 to 40 minutes. Meanwhile, saute the bacon in a deep pan or Dutch oven over medium heat until rendered, about 5 minutes. Add the onion and cook until translucent, 6 to 7 minutes. Add the greens, in batches, and saute until wilted, about 4 minut <END>
INPUT: white, Great Northern beans, water, onion, long rosemary, oil sun tomatoes
OUTPUT: TITLE: White Bean Purée with Sun-Dried Tomatoes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup dried Great Northern beans; 4 cups water; 1/2 small onion, quartered; 2 4-inch-long fresh rosemary sprigs; 1 cup drained oil-packed sun-dried tomatoes; 1 1/2 tablespoons chopped shallots; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh rosemary leaves; 4 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, divided; 1 1/2 teaspoons fresh lemon juice; 1 1/2 teaspoons salt; 3/4 teaspoon ground black pepper; 1/4 teaspoon dried crushed red pepper; 1/2 cup (or more) boiling water; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley; Lemon wedges | INSTRUCTIONS: Place beans in medium saucepan. Add enough cold water to cover beans by 3 inches. Let stand overnight. Drain beans well. Return to saucepan. Add 4 cups water, onion, and rosemary sprigs. Bring to boil; reduce heat to low, cover, and simmer until beans are soft, about 1 hour 45 minutes. Discard rosemary sprigs. Drain beans and onion; cool to room temperature. Using on/off turns, puree drained beans and onion, sun-dried tomatoes, shallots, and chopped rosemary in processor until smooth, stopping occasionally to scrape down sides of bowl. Add 3 tablespoons oil, lemon juice, salt, pepper, and crus <END>
INPUT: popovers, eggs, milk, flour, salt, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Popovers with Peach Butter | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 eggs; 1 cup milk; 1 cup flour; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 1 tablespoon sugar; 2 tablespoons butter, melted; Peach butter (recipe follows); 1/2 cup cut up peaches, fresh or frozen; 1 tablespoon orange juice; 1 tablespoon sugar; 1/2 pound salted butter | INSTRUCTIONS: In a bowl whisk together the eggs and milk. Add the flour, salt and sugar and whisk to blend in well. Whisk in the melted butter. Grease 2 mini muffin pans well or 1 popover mold. Fill cups half full with batter. Bake at 450 degrees for 10 minutes then turn the oven down to 350 degrees and bake for another 10 to15 minutes till until puffed and golden brown. They will be hollow in the center. Peach Butter: In a small saucepan, bring the peaches, orange juice and sugar to a boil. Turn down the heat and continue cooking until the peaches are tender and cooked down to a jam-like consistency. Let c <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, preserved, pearl couscous, Water, cilantro leaves, lemons, Salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Couscous with Quick Preserved Lemon | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 6 cups large pearl couscous; Water; 2 cups roughly chopped cilantro leaves; 4 lemons, sliced in 1/4-inch slices; Salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. If the couscous is instant, follow the instructions on the packet. For non-instant couscous, place the couscous into a large bowl. Fill a stock pot or large pasta pot 3/4 of the way with water. Bring water to a boil. Pour the couscous into the boiling water and stir. Cook for 7 to 8 minutes until the couscous is tender. Drain the couscous and toss in preserved lemon and cilantro. Season with salt and pepper. Quick preserved lemon: Slice 2 lemons into 1/4-inch slices, lay out on a plate and salt on 1 side. Turn over and salt the other. Stack on top of themselves a <END>
INPUT: Italian, rollups, pizza sauce, flour tortillas, basil leaves, olives, Parmesan
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pizza Rollups | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 jar pizza sauce; 4 flour tortillas; 4 basil leaves; Sliced black olives; 1/2 cup grated Parmesan; 1 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, optional | INSTRUCTIONS: Spread the pizza sauce evenly over the tortillas. Roughly tear the basil leaves over the sauce. Sprinkle black olives over sauce. Divide the cheese and red pepper flakes, if using, evenly over top. Roll tortillas up and then heat in a toaster oven until cheese has melted. <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, steaks, relish, cauliflower, oil olives, sun tomatoes, olive oil, flat leaf parsley
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cauliflower Steaks with Olive Relish and Tomato Sauce | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 1 large head of cauliflower; 1/2 cup pitted oil-packed black olives, finely chopped; 3 sun-dried tomatoes, thinly sliced; 3 1/2 tablespoons olive oil, divided, plus more; 2 tablespoons chopped flat-leaf parsley; 1 teaspoon fresh lemon juice; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 3 garlic cloves; 2 plum tomatoes, cored, quartered | INSTRUCTIONS: Remove leaves and trim stem end of cauliflower, leaving core intact. Place cauliflower core side down on a work surface. Using a large knife, slice cauliflower into four 1/2" "steaks" from center of cauliflower (some florets will break loose; reserve). Finely chop enough loose florets to measure 1/2 cup. Transfer chopped florets to a small bowl and mix with olives, sun-dried tomatoes, 1 tablespoon oil, parsley, and lemon juice. Season relish with salt and pepper. Preheat oven to 400°. Heat 1 tablespoon olive oil in a large heavy ovenproof skillet over medium-high heat. Working in 2 batches, co <END>
INPUT: sandies, all purpose flour, wheat pastry flour, pecans, cinnamon, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pecan Sandies | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup all-purpose flour; 1/2 cup whole-wheat pastry flour; 3/4 cup finely chopped pecans; 1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1/8 teaspoon salt; 1/4 cup almond butter; 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature; 1/2 cup plus 2 tablespoons confectioners' sugar, plus more for dusting cookies; 1 egg white; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Whisk together flours, pecans, cinnamon, and salt. Cream butters and sugar. Add the egg white and continue beating until light and fluffy. Beat in vanilla extract. On low speed, gradually add flour mixture and beat until a dough forms. Shape the dough into 3-inch balls, about 1 heaping tablespoon each. Place dough balls 2 inches apart on baking sheets lined with parchment paper. Bake until lightly browned on the bottom, 10 minutes. While cookies are still hot, sift confectioners' sugar over the tops. Transfer to a wire rack and cool <END>
INPUT: Indian, tikka, garlic, ginger, turmeric, garam masala, coriander
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken Tikka Masala | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 6 garlic cloves, finely grated; 4 teaspoons finely grated peeled ginger; 4 teaspoons ground turmeric; 2 teaspoons garam masala; 2 teaspoons ground coriander; 2 teaspoons ground cumin; 1 1/2 cups whole-milk yogurt (not Greek); 1 tablespoon kosher salt; 2 pounds skinless, boneless chicken breasts, halved lengthwise; 3 tablespoons ghee (clarified butter) or vegetable oil; 1 small onion, thinly sliced; 1/4 cup tomato paste; 6 cardamom pods, crushed; 2 dried chiles de árbol or 1/2 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes; 1 28-ounce can whole peeled tomatoes | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine garlic, ginger, turmeric, garam masala, coriander, and cumin in a small bowl. Whisk yogurt, salt, and half of spice mixture in a medium bowl; add chicken and turn to coat. Cover and chill 4-6 hours. Cover and chill remaining spice mixture. Heat ghee in a large heavy pot over medium heat. Add onion, tomato paste, cardamom, and chiles and cook, stirring often, until tomato paste has darkened and onion is soft, about 5 minutes. Add remaining half of spice mixture and cook, stirring often, until bottom of pot begins to brown, about 4 minutes. Add tomatoes with juices, crushing them with yo <END>
INPUT: Vegetable oil greasing, wheatmeal biscuits Carr's, sugar, unsalted butter, egg yolks
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate Tart with Candied Clementine Peel | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Vegetable oil for greasing pan; 5 ounces wheatmeal biscuits such as Carr's whole-wheat crackers, finely ground (1 1/3 cups); 2 tablespoons sugar; 5 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted; 2 large egg yolks; 1 1/3 cups heavy cream; 10 1/2 ounces fine-quality bittersweet chocolate (not unsweetened), finely chopped; 1/2 cup candied clementine peel (not sugarcoated; recipe follows), finely chopped; Special equipment: a 9- or 10-inch fluted round tart pan (1 inch deep) with a removable bottom; an instant-read thermometer; Garnish: candied clementine peel | INSTRUCTIONS: Make crust: Put oven rack in middle position and preheat oven to 350°F. Lightly oil tart pan. Stir together biscuit crumbs, sugar, and butter in a bowl, then press crumb mixture evenly onto bottom of tart pan. Bake crust 10 minutes, then cool completely in pan on a rack. Put oven rack in middle position and preheat oven to 350°F. Lightly oil tart pan. Stir together biscuit crumbs, sugar, and butter in a bowl, then press crumb mixture evenly onto bottom of tart pan. Bake crust 10 minutes, then cool completely in pan on a rack. Make filling: Lightly beat yolks in a small bowl. Bring cream to a s <END>
INPUT: Mexican, margarita, avocados, lemon juice, onion, cilantro
OUTPUT: TITLE: Guacamole with Margarita Coulis | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: Guacamole:; 2 medium avocados; 3 teaspoons lemon juice; 1/2 cup diced red onion; 1/8 cup chopped cilantro; 12 drops hot sauce (recommended: Tabasco brand); 1/2 teaspoon ground cumin; Seasoned salt; Coulis, recipe follows; Coulis:; 3 teaspoons water; 2 teaspoons cornstarch; 2 tablespoons 100 percent Agave Tequila; 1/2 cup cilantro leaves; 2 teaspoons Grand Marnier | INSTRUCTIONS: Mash avocados lightly. Add lemon juice, onion and cilantro and mix well. Add spices and stir together. Place coulis in a plastic bag. Snip a tiny hole in 1 corner and pipe a spiral of sauce on top of the guacamole. In a small bowl, mix water and cornstarch. Microwave on high for 15 seconds. Stir and microwave for 15 seconds more or until mixture is thick and clear. Puree all of the ingredients together. <END>
INPUT: beans, garlic, virgin olive oil, pepper, radicchio
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Green Beans and Radicchio with Garlic | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 pounds green beans, trimmed; 12 garlic cloves, smashed; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; Pinch of dried crushed red pepper; 2 medium heads of radicchio, quartered, cored, cut into 1/2-inch-wide strips; 2 tablespoons balsamic vinegar | INSTRUCTIONS: Position 2 racks in center of oven; preheat to 450°F. Divide green beans and garlic between 2 heavy large rimmed baking sheets, spreading in single layer. Drizzle with olive oil; sprinkle with salt and crushed red pepper. Roast until green beans begin to brown, about 15 minutes. Divide radicchio and vinegar between sheets; toss. Continue roasting until vegetables are tender and browned in spots, about 10 minutes. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Position 2 racks in center of oven; preheat to 450°F. Divide green beans and garlic between 2 heavy large rimmed baking sheets, spreading in sing <END>
INPUT: Mexican, chilaquiles, Mexican style pork, vegetable oil, Stovetop Salsa, Tortilla Chips, Cheddar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chilaquiles with Chorizo | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 6 ounces Mexican-style pork chorizo (recommended: Reynaldo's); 1 tablespoon vegetable oil; 3 cups Stovetop Salsa, recipe follows; Tortilla Chips, recipe follows; 4 ounces Cheddar, grated; 4 ounces Monterey Jack, grated; 1/2 cup sour cream; 1 small red onion, finely diced; 1/4 cup chopped fresh cilantro leaves; 6 Roma tomatoes; 1 large yellow onion, root removed, peeled, and halved; 1 jalapeno, stemmed; 2 cloves garlic, peeled; 1 teaspoon salt; 1 cup loosely packed fresh cilantro leaves and stems | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: 5-cup capacity blender Deep-fat frying thermometer Remove the chorizo from its casing by splitting 1 end and squeezing out the meat. In a large heavy-bottomed high-sided saute pan, fry the chorizo in the oil until it is grainy but still soft, about 4 minutes, stirring frequently with a wooden spoon to break up the meat and prevent a crust from forming on the bottom of the pan. Set aside and keep hot. In a large stockpot over medium-high heat, stir the salsa with a wooden spoon until hot and sputtering. Add half the tortilla chips and stir to coat with the salsa, then cook un <END>
INPUT: terrine, salad, long leeks, wine, water, onion, carrot
OUTPUT: TITLE: Salmon and Scallop Terrine with Frisée Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 long medium-thick leeks; 1/2 cup dry white wine; 1 1/2 cups water; 1/4 cup chopped onion (1/2 small); 2 tablespoons finely chopped carrot; 4 long fresh cilantro sprigs plus 2 tablespoons chopped leaves; 2 tablespoons minced peeled fresh ginger; 1 teaspoon coriander seeds, toasted and crushed; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 3/8 teaspoon white pepper; 1/3 pound salmon fillet, skin, pin bones, and any dark flesh discarded; 2/3 pound medium sea scallops (about 13), tough muscle removed from side of each if necessary; 1 large egg white, lightly beaten (2 tablespoons); 6 tablespoons mild olive oil; 2 tablespoons white-wine vinegar | INSTRUCTIONS: Prepare leeks and broth for terrine: Discard any discolored leaves from leeks, then cut off root end (to expose layers) and discard. Thinly slice enough of dark green ends to measure 1/4 cup. Wash sliced leeks well and reserve for broth. Keep remainder of leeks (for lining) separately. Bring wine and water to a boil in a 2-quart saucepan with sliced leeks, onion, carrot, cilantro sprigs, 1 tablespoon ginger, 1/2 teaspoon crushed coriander seeds, 1/8 teaspoon salt, and 1/8 teaspoon white pepper, then simmer, partially covered, 20 minutes. Pour broth through a fine-mesh sieve into a bowl, pressi <END>
INPUT: American, crepes, eggs, milk, salt, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Baked Cheese Crepes | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 6 large eggs; 1/3 cup whole milk; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 4 tablespoons (about) unsalted butter; 8 ounces fontina cheese, cut into 1/2-inch cubes; 8 ounces fresh water-packed mozzarella, drained, cut into 1/2-inch cubes; 1/4 cup thinly sliced fresh basil leaves; 1 cup Marinara Sauce, recipe follows; 1/4 cup freshly grated Parmesan | INSTRUCTIONS: Whisk the eggs, milk, salt, and pepper in a medium bowl. Heat a 6-inch nonstick skillet over medium-low heat. Brush the skillet with some butter. Working quickly, pour 3 tablespoons of the egg mixture into the pan, swirling to coat the bottom of the pan evenly. Cover and cook until the egg crepe is just set, about 1 minute. Invert the skillet over a plate, and allow the egg crepe to drop onto the plate. Repeat to make 10 crepes total, brushing the skillet with melted butter as needed and stacking crepes on the plate. Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Butter a 13 by 9 by 2-inch baking dish. Ar <END>
INPUT: Mexican, bean, bacon, pork shoulder, Salt pepper, vegetable oil, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spicy Red Pork and Bean Chili | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 pound sliced bacon; 4 pound boneless pork shoulder, cut into 1-inch cubes; Salt and pepper; 2 tablespoons vegetable oil; 1 large white onion, chopped; 1 to 2 fresh jalapeno chiles, seeded and chopped; 4 large garlic cloves, minced; 2 teaspoons dried oregano, crumbled; 1/3 cup chili powder; 1 tablespoon ground cumin; 1/4 teaspoon cayenne; 1 (14-ounce) can beef broth; 1 cup brewed coffee; 1 cup water; 1 (28 to 32-ounce) can crushed tomatoes with puree | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook bacon in a 6 to 8-quart heavy pot over moderate heat, turning, until crisp. Transfer with tongs to paper towels to drain and pour off all but 2 tablespoons fat from pot. Crumble bacon. Pat pork dry and season with salt and pepper. Add oil to pot and heat over moderately high heat until hot but not smoking. Brown pork in about 6 batches without crowding and transfer with a slotted spoon to a plate. Add onion and jalapenos and cook over moderate heat, stirring, until softened. Add garlic, oregano, chili powder, cumin, and cayenne, then cook, stirring, 1 minute. Return pork to pot with any j <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, crustless, quiche, grape tomatoes, virgin olive oil, olives, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tomato, Olive, and Rosemary Crustless Quiche | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 4 cups grape tomatoes, mixed red and yellow if possible, rinsed and patted dry; 5 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1/3 cup pitted black olives, such as kalamata, halved lengthwise; 1 1/2 cups (1-inch, day-old) bread cubes, preferably sourdough; 1 cup chopped white onion, about 1 medium; Kosher salt; 1 lemon, zest finely grated; 2 cups half-and-half; 2 large eggs; 2 egg yolks; Freshly ground black pepper; 3 ounces grated Emmentaler cheese, about 3/4 cup; 3 ounces grated fontina cheese, about 3/4 cup; 1 teaspoon minced fresh rosemary | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 450 degrees F. Spread the tomatoes out in a single layer on a shallow baking pan, and toss with 2 tablespoons olive oil. Roast on the top rack for 15 minutes. Add the olives, and continue to roast until the tomato skins are dark brown, black in spots, about 10 minutes more. Remove from oven, and reduce heat to 350 degrees F. Meanwhile, pulse bread into crumbs in a food processor. Heat 2 tablespoons oil in a large skillet over medium heat; add bread crumbs and stir until evenly toasted, about 5 minutes. Evenly spread crumbs in a 9-inch glass or ceramic pie pan. Place pan on a ba <END>
INPUT: souffles, jasmine tea leaves, oolong tea leaves, heavy cream, milk, vanilla beans
OUTPUT: TITLE: Jasmine Tea Souffles | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup jasmine tea leaves; 1/4 cup oolong tea leaves; 3 cups heavy cream; 1 cup milk; 2 vanilla beans, preferably Tahitian, split lengthwise and scraped; 1/2 cup pure honey; 10 eggs, separated; 1/2 cup cornstarch; 1/2 cup granulated sugar; Confectioners sugar; Lemon grass ice cream | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat the oven to 375 degrees. Butter 6 (4 to 5-inch) ramekins and sprinkle lightly with sugar to coat. In a medium nonreactive saucepan, combine the teas, cream, milk, and vanilla beans and heat over low heat. Simmer to flavor, about 20 minutes. Remove from the heat and allow to steep for an hour or so. Strain the mixture, return it to the saucepan, and add the honey. Scald over medium heat. Meanwhile, in a nonreactive bowl, combine the egg yolks, cornstarch, and 1/4 cup of the granulated sugar and mix well. Add a ladleful of the tea mixture to the yolks, stir to temper, and stir the mixture b <END>
INPUT: Mexican, water, wine vinegar, salt, eggs, Avocado Relish
OUTPUT: TITLE: Poached Eggs with Chipotle Dressing and Avocado Relish and Andouille Hollandaise | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 8 cups water; 2 tablespoons white wine vinegar; 2 teaspoons salt; 8 eggs; Avocado Relish, recipe follows; Andouille Hollandaise, recipe follows; 3 small Hass avocados, diced; 1 small red onion, diced; 1 large ripe tomato, diced; 1 lime, juiced; 1 bunch cilantro, leaves chopped; 1/4 cup green onion, sliced; Chipotle Dressing, recipe follows; Salt and pepper; 4 tablespoons white wine vinegar | INSTRUCTIONS: In a deep saucepan (at least 6 to 8 inches deep), bring water, vinegar and salt to a gentle simmer. Crack 1 egg and drop it into the water right above where the bubbles are coming up. Then, using a chopstick, try to swirl the water around the egg to help shape it. Drop another egg in, always onto the bubbles. Try not to do more than 4 eggs at the same time. Poach for 3 to 5 minutes, or until cooked to desired doneness of poached eggs. Remove carefully with a slotted spoon to a clean towel to soak up the excess water. To serve, top each poached egg with a ring of Avocado Relish and pour Andouil <END>
INPUT: oven, wild, oyster mushrooms, hen woods, shiitake mushrooms, cremini mushrooms, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Oven Roasted Wild Mushrooms with Garlic and Thyme | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 pound oyster mushrooms, cleaned; 1/4 pound hen of the woods, cleaned; 1/4 pound shiitake mushrooms, cleaned and halved; 1/4 pound cremini mushrooms, cleaned and halved; 4 cloves garlic, thinly sliced; 1/4 cup olive oil; Salt and freshly ground pepper; 6 sprigs fresh thyme; 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh thyme leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F. Combine the mushrooms and garlic in a large roasting pan, add the olive oil, and pepper and stir to combine. Add the sprigs of thyme and roast in the oven until golden brown and all of the liquid has evaporated, 25 to 30 minutes, stirring occasionally. Remove from the oven and stir in the Worcestershire, salt, and chopped thyme. <END>
INPUT: reduced fat cream, reduced fat sour, hot sauce, crab boil spices, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Hot Crab Dip | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 8 ounces reduced-fat cream cheese (Neufchatel), room temperature; 1/4 cup reduced-fat sour cream; 1/4 teaspoon hot sauce; 1/4 teaspoon crab boil spices, (recommended: Old Bay); 1 garlic clove, minced; Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper; 12 ounces fresh crab meat, picked over for bits of shell and patted dry; 2 scallions, thinly sliced; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley; 2 to 3 teaspoons fresh lemon juice; Whole-wheat crackers for serving, optional | INSTRUCTIONS: Stir together the cream cheese, sour cream, hot sauce, crab boil spice, and garlic in a medium saucepan until smooth; season, to taste, with salt and pepper. Heat the cream cheese mixture over medium-low heat until warm, stirring constantly, 2 to 3 minutes. Fold in the crab, scallions, parsley and lemon juice and warm until heated through, about 1 minute more. Serve immediately. Nutritional analysis per 1/4 cup serving (does not include crackers): Calories 125; Total Fat 8g (Sat Fat 4g, Mono Fat 2g, Poly Fat 0.5g); Protein 11g; Carb 2g; Fiber 0g; Cholesterol 58mg; Sodium 349mg <END>
INPUT: Mexican, salsa, vegetable oil, onion, garlic, sesame seeds, árbol chiles
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sesame Seed and Árbol Chile Salsa | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 tablespoons vegetable oil; 1/4 cup minced onion; 2 large garlic cloves; 1/4 cup sesame seeds, toasted; 1/2 cup dried árbol chiles; 4 large tomatillos, husked and rinsed; Salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat the vegetable oil in a large heavy sauté pan over medium-high heat. Add the onion and garlic cloves and sauté for 5 minutes, or until the garlic is golden brown. Add the sesame seeds and árbol chiles and cook for 5 minutes, or until the chiles are darkened in spots. Meanwhile, heat a medium-size heavy sauté pan over high heat. Add the tomatillos and cook, turning them frequently, for 10 minutes, or until they are pale green and blackened in spots. Add the tomatillos to the chile mixture in the pan, pressing on them with a spatula to break them apart and release their juices. Cook for 5 mi <END>
INPUT: satay, chicken thighs, sweet chili sauce, pineapple juice, soy sauce, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sweet Red Chili Chicken Satay | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 pounds boneless skinless chicken thighs, or 8 thighs each cut into 3 pieces; 1/2 cup sweet chili sauce; 1/2 cup pineapple juice; 1 tablespoon plus 1 teaspoon soy sauce; 2 teaspoons minced garlic; Oil, for grill; Special equipment: 24 bamboo skewers, soaked in water 20 minutes | INSTRUCTIONS: Cut the chicken thighs into 1/2-wide long strips and place into a large resealable bag. In a bowl, whisk together the chili sauce, pineapple juice, soy sauce, and garlic. Pour the marinade into the bag over the sliced chicken. Seal the bag and toss to coat completely. Place the bag into a large bowl and put into the refrigerator to marinate for at least 1 hour or as long as overnight. To serve: Preheat a grill or grill pan over medium-high heat. Thread the chicken strips onto the skewers. Oil the grill gates and place the chicken on the grill. Cook until the chicken is just cooked through, 4 t <END>
INPUT: caramel, sugar, cabernet sauvignon, thyme, Pistachio ice cream, pistachios
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pistachio Ice Cream with Thyme-Cabernet Caramel | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup sugar; 1 cup cabernet sauvignon; 3 sprigs fresh thyme; Pistachio ice cream, for serving; Chopped pistachios, for serving | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring the sugar and 3 tablespoons water to a boil over medium-high heat without stirring. Cook until it reaches a pale amber caramel, 5 to 7 minutes. Remove from the heat and carefully add the wine and thyme sprigs. Cook, stirring to soften the caramel, until it is reduced to the desired consistency, 5 to 7 minutes. Cool to room temperature. Serve over pistachio ice cream and garnish with chopped pistachios. <END>
INPUT: roast, duck, wine vinegar, apricot jam, soy sauce, Szechuan peppercorns
OUTPUT: TITLE: Apricot Szechuan Roast Duck | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1-5 pound duck; 1/2 cup white wine vinegar; 1/2 cup apricot jam; 1 tablespoon soy sauce; 2 tablespoons toasted Szechuan peppercorns* | INSTRUCTIONS: Remove neck, wing tips, gizzards and extra fat from duck. Place neck, wing tips, and gizzards in stock pot filled with water. Bring to a boil. Prick duck skin all over, especially the fatty parts. Lower duck into stock pot, neck first. Place plate on top of duck to keep submerged and simmer for 45 minutes. Remove duck from pot and dry. Let sit out at room temperature for 30 minutes to dry and tighten skin before roasting. Preheat oven to 450 degrees. In a saucepan heat 1/2 cup white wine vinegar and 1/2 cup apricot jam until melted. Add 1 tablespoon soy sauce and 2 tablespoons toasted Szechaun <END>
INPUT: twists, puff pastry sheet, apricot jam, confectioners sugar, heavy cream milk, lemon juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Glazed Apricot Twists | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 frozen puff pastry sheet (from a 17 1/4-ounce package), thawed according to package instructions; 1/2 cup apricot jam (6 ounces), melted; 1/4 cup confectioners sugar; 1 tablespoon heavy cream or milk; 2 teaspoons fresh lemon juice; Special equipment: parchment paper | INSTRUCTIONS: Put oven rack in middle position and preheat oven to 425°F. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper. Roll out pastry on a lightly floured surface into a 12- by 10-inch rectangle, then cut in half lengthwise. Cut each half crosswise into 4 (5- by 3-inch) strips (for a total of 8 strips). Spread each strip with 1/2 tablespoon jam, then fold strips in half lengthwise to form 1 1/2-inch-wide strips. Twist each strip 3 times and place on baking sheet. Bake until golden brown, 15 to 20 minutes. Transfer twists to a rack set over a sheet of parchment. Stir together confectioners sugar, cream, and le <END>
INPUT: creole, tartar, catfish fillets, buttermilk, Cajun seasoning, cornflake crumbs, mayonnaise
OUTPUT: TITLE: Creole Catfish with Tartar Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound catfish fillets; 1 1/2 cups 1 percent buttermilk; 2 teaspoons Cajun seasoning; 1 1/2 cups cornflake crumbs; 1/2 cup mayonnaise; 1 tablespoon sweet relish; 1 teaspoon Cajun seasoning; Dash hot sauce; 1 teaspoon lemon juice; In a small bowl stir together all ingredients. Refrigerate until ready to use | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Lightly spray baking sheet with olive oil cooking spray; set aside. Cut catfish into 4-ounce serving portions. Place in a large zip-top bag; set aside. In a small bowl stir together buttermilk and Cajun seasoning. Pour into zip-top bag over fish. Squeeze out air and seal. Marinate in refrigerator for 30 minutes. Spread cornflake crumbs in a pie plate or shallow bowl. Remove fish from bag, shaking off any excess buttermilk. Coat catfish with crumbs and place on prepared baking sheet. Lightly spray with cooking oil and bake for 15 minutes. For Creole tartar sauce:  <END>
INPUT: flageolet beans, lemon, garlic, thyme, kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spring Lamb with Grilled Baby Artichokes – Mr. Bean | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound dried flageolet beans; 1/2 lemon; 1/2 cup chopped fresh garlic; 10 sprigs thyme; 2 teaspoons kosher salt; 1/4 cup extra virgin olive oil; 2 sprigs rosemary, chopped; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh garlic; 8 spring lamb tenderloins; 1/2 cup extra virgin olive oil; 1 tablespoon chopped spring garlic; 1/4 cup pitted and chopped kalamata olives; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 red bell pepper; 8 baby artichokes | INSTRUCTIONS: Beans To make the beans, soak the dried beans in water to cover for 4 hours. Drain. In a large saucepan, combine 8 cups water with the beans, the lemon half, garlic, thyme, and salt. Bring to a simmer and cook for 45 to 50 minutes, or until al dente. To make the beans, soak the dried beans in water to cover for 4 hours. Drain. In a large saucepan, combine 8 cups water with the beans, the lemon half, garlic, thyme, and salt. Bring to a simmer and cook for 45 to 50 minutes, or until al dente. Lamb To prepare the lamb, combine the olive oil, rosemary, and garlic in a shallow dish; add the lamb te <END>
INPUT: half, glaze, light sugar, coriander, Kosher salt pepper, chicken halves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Half Chicken and Sweet Jalapeno Pepper Glaze with Bush's Black Bean Fiesta Grillin' Beans | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 Tbsp light brown sugar; 1 tsp ground coriander; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 chicken halves; about 3 pounds; 1 10-ounce jar red jalapeno pepper jelly, about 1 1/4 cups; 1/4 cup cider vinegar; 1 tsp minced fresh rosemary; Vegetable oil; Bush's® Black Bean Fiesta Grillin' Beans® | INSTRUCTIONS: Mix brown sugar, coriander, pepper and salt together in a small bowl and rub all over chicken. Whisk jalapeno jelly, vinegar and rosemary in a small bowl. Preheat a grill to medium-high. Brush grates with oil. Grill the chicken, bone side down, for 10 minutes. Turn chicken, and cook until distinct grill marks appear on the skin, about 10 minutes. Turn chicken skin side up; brush with the jalapeno glaze every 10 minutes until a thermometer inserted into the thigh reaches 165 degrees, about 20 minutes more. Transfer to a cutting board and let rest for 5 minutes. Cut chicken into pieces and serve <END>
INPUT: American, sauce, olive oil, Kosher salt pepper, cremini mushrooms, shallot
OUTPUT: TITLE: New York Strip Steak with Red Wine Mushroom Sauce | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons olive oil; 2 (10 to 12-ounce) New York strip steaks, about 3/4-inch thick; Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper; 8 ounces cremini mushrooms, sliced; 1 shallot, finely chopped; 2 teaspoons chopped fresh thyme leaves; 1 cup dry red wine; 3 tablespoons butter | INSTRUCTIONS: Add the oil to a large cast-iron skillet over medium-high heat. Heat until the oil is very hot. Season the steaks with salt and pepper. Add the steaks to the skillet and sear the steaks on each side for 4 minutes for medium. Remove the steaks to a plate and loosely cover with foil. Lower the heat to medium and add the mushrooms, shallot, and thyme to the pan and saute until the mushrooms begin to brown and soften, about 5 minutes. You may need to add a bit more oil to the pan. Add the red wine and scrap the bottom of the pan to get the browned bits. Let the liquid reduce by half, 7 to 8 minute <END>
INPUT: American, dark, chocolate, sugar, coarse kosher salt, all purpose flour
OUTPUT: TITLE: Dark Chocolate Pie with Cocoa Nib Praline | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 10 tablespoons (1 1/4 sticks) unsalted butter, melted; 1/4 cup sugar; 1 teaspoon coarse kosher salt; 1 1/3 cups all purpose flour; 1/2 cup sugar; 1/4 cup light corn syrup; 1 tablespoon (packed) golden brown sugar; 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, room temperature; 1 teaspoon coarse kosher salt; 1/4 cup cocoa nibs; 1/4 cup pecans, chopped; 2 1/4 cups whole milk, divided; 6 large egg yolks; 2/3 cup (packed) golden brown sugar; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract | INSTRUCTIONS: For crust: Preheat oven to 350°F. Butter 9-inch-diameter glass pie dish. Mix melted butter, sugar, and salt in medium bowl. Add flour and mix until well blended. Press dough onto bottom and up sides of prepared dish; crimp edges decoratively. Bake crust until golden brown and cooked through, about 18 minutes. Cool crust completely on rack. Maintain oven temperature. Preheat oven to 350°F. Butter 9-inch-diameter glass pie dish. Mix melted butter, sugar, and salt in medium bowl. Add flour and mix until well blended. Press dough onto bottom and up sides of prepared dish; crimp edges decoratively. <END>
INPUT: lustrous, leeks, vinegar, virgin olive oil, sized tomatoes, imported olives
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lustrous Leeks | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 large leeks; 2 tablespoons white vinegar; 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 2 medium-sized ripe tomatoes, cut into 8 pieces; 1/3 cup imported black olives (Niçoise or Gaeta); 3 tablespoons chopped parsley; Freshly ground black pepper, to taste | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. Trim the leek greens in a "V" to within 3 inches of the white bulb, leaving roots intact. Cut a slit from the top of the green to within 3 inches of the bottom of the bulb. To remove sand, soak leeks for 1 hour in a bowl of water and the white vinegar. Rinse well under cold running water. 2. Cook the leeks in a large pot of boiling, salted water for about 8 minutes or until the bulbs are tender. Drain well, cut off the roots and pat dry. 3. Heat the oil in a large skillet. Add the leeks and cook for 5 minutes or until golden, shaking the pan. 4. Stir in remaining ingredients; cover and heat <END>
INPUT: American, wontons, pumpkin puree, cream cheese, confectioners' sugar, pumpkin pie spice, Spiked Orange Whipped
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sweet Cream Cheese Pumpkin Dip with Fried Wontons | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: One 15-ounce can pumpkin puree; One 8-ounce package cream cheese, at room temperature; 1 1/2 cups confectioners' sugar, plus more if needed; 1 tablespoon pumpkin pie spice; Spiked Orange Whipped Cream, recipe follows; Crunchy Candied Pumpkin Seeds, recipe follows; Sliced green apples, for serving; Fried wonton chips, for serving; 3/4 cup whipping cream, chilled; 1 tablespoon honey; 1 tablespoon orange liqueur; Zest from 1/2 orange; 1 cup pumpkin seeds; Kosher salt; 3 tablespoons butter, melted | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Whisk together the pumpkin puree, cream cheese, confectioners' sugar and pumpkin pie spice in a bowl. Adjust the sweetness if necessary with a little more sugar. Place the mixture in a serving bowl, dollop a large portion of Spiked Orange Whipped Cream on top and sprinkle with Crunchy Candied Pumpkin Seeds. Serve with sliced green apples and fried wonton chips! In a chilled bowl using an electric hand mixer or stand mixer with a whisk attachment, whip together the cream, honey, orange liqueur and orange zest until the mixture forms stiff peaks. Refrigerate until  <END>
INPUT: Asian, beans, Kosher salt, olive oil, pepper, reduced sodium soy
OUTPUT: TITLE: Green Beans with Benne and Sorghum | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 2 pounds green beans, trimmed; Kosher salt; 2 tablespoons olive oil; Freshly ground black pepper; 2 tablespoons reduced-sodium soy sauce; 2 tablespoons sorghum syrup or 1 tablespoon honey; 2 teaspoons benne seeds or sesame seeds; 1/4 teaspoon ground cumin | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 450°F. Cook beans in a large pot of boiling salted water until crisp-tender, about 2 minutes. Drain, transfer to a bowl of ice water, and let cool. Drain and pat dry. Toss beans and oil on a rimmed baking sheet; season with salt and pepper. Roast, tossing occasionally, until tender and lightly charred in spots, 10–15 minutes. Meanwhile, whisk soy sauce, sorghum, benne seeds, and cumin in a large bowl; season with salt and pepper. Add warm beans and toss to coat. DO AHEAD: Dressing can be made 5 days ahead. Cover and chill. Preheat oven to 450°F. Cook beans in a large pot of boi <END>
INPUT: slaw, dressing, vegetable oil, pecan halves, pure maple syrup, coarse kosher salt, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Brussels Sprout Slaw with Mustard Dressing and Maple-Glazed Pecans | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Nonstick vegetable oil spray; 1 cup large pecan halves; 1/4 cup pure maple syrup; 1/2 teaspoon plus 1 tablespoon coarse kosher salt plus additional for seasoning; 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 1/4 cup whole grain Dijon mustard; 2 tablespoons apple cider vinegar; 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 1 tablespoon sugar; 1/4 cup vegetable oil; 1 1/2 pounds brussels sprouts, trimmed | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 325°F. Spray large sheet of foil with nonstick spray. Place pecans on small rimmed baking sheet. Whisk maple syrup, 1/2 teaspoon coarse salt, and 1/4 teaspoon pepper in small bowl. Add to nuts and toss to coat; spread in single layer. Bake nuts 5 minutes. Stir. Continue to bake nuts until toasted and glaze is bubbling thickly, about 6 minutes. Immediately transfer nuts to prepared foil and separate. Cool completely. DO AHEAD: Can be made 2 days ahead. Store airtight. Whisk mustard, vinegar, lemon juice, and sugar in small bowl; whisk in oil. Season with coarse salt and pepper.  <END>
INPUT: Asian, walter, shanghai, pork butt, garlic, Shao Hsing rice, cornstarch, soy sauce
OUTPUT: TITLE: Walter Kei's Shanghai-Style Pork and Bean Sprouts | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 8 ounces lean pork butt; 2 teaspoons grated garlic; 4 teaspoons Shao Hsing rice wine or dry sherry; 1 1/2 teaspoons cornstarch; 1/2 teaspoon soy sauce; 1/2 teaspoon sesame oil; 1/2 teaspoon sugar; 1 teaspoon salt; 1/2 teaspoon ground white pepper; 2 tablespoons golden olive oil; 1 pound mung bean sprouts | INSTRUCTIONS: Slice the pork into 1/4-inch-thick slices, then stack the slices and cut into 2-inch-long matchsticks. Put the matchsticks in a shallow bowl and add the garlic, 2 teaspoons of the rice wine, the cornstarch, soy sauce, sesame oil, sugar, 1/2 teaspoon of the salt, and 1/4 teaspoon of the pepper. Stir to combine. Heat 14-inch flat-bottomed wok over high heat until a bead of water vaporizes within 1 to 2 seconds of contact. Swirl in the olive oil and add the pork, spread it around it in the wok. Cook undisturbed 20 seconds, letting the pork begin to brown. Then, using a metal spatula, stir-fry the <END>
INPUT: mashed, essence, sweet potatoes, buttermilk, orange juice, orange zest, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mashed Sweet Potatoes with Orange Essence | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 medium sweet potatoes (about 8 ounces each), peeled and cut into a large dice; 1/4 cup buttermilk, warmed slightly; 1/4 cup orange juice; 2 teaspoons orange zest; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/4 teaspoon ground nutmeg; 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, optional | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Steam the potatoes in a large covered pan fitted with a steamer basket until they are tender, about 8 minutes. In a large bowl mash the potatoes with the buttermilk and orange juice. Stir in the zest, salt, and nutmeg. Serve the potatoes topped with the butter, if desired. <END>
INPUT: salad, Thai chiles, garlic, lime, palm sugar granulated, tiny shrimp
OUTPUT: TITLE: Long Bean, Cucumber, and Tomato Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 dried Thai chiles, soaked for 2 minutes in warm water, drained; 3 small garlic cloves, crushed; 1/4 lime, cut into 3 wedges; 1 tablespoon palm sugar or granulated sugar; 1 tablespoon dried tiny shrimp; 9 long beans (2 1/2 ounces) or green beans, trimmed, cut into 2 1/2" lengths; 2 kirby cucumbers or 1 English hothouse cucumber, coarsely chopped into 1" pieces; 2 tablespoons Thai fish sauce (nam pla); 2 tablespoons fresh lime juice; 6 cherry tomatoes, halved; 2 tablespoons crushed roasted, unsalted peanuts | INSTRUCTIONS: Place first 4 ingredients in a clay mortar and pound with a wooden pestle until mashed into a fine paste, about 5 minutes. Add shrimp; mash until pulverized and well combined, about 2 minutes. (Alternatively, process in a mini-processor until finely chopped.) Add long beans to mortar; lightly crush with pestle to bruise. Add cucumber pieces, fish sauce, and lime juice. Mix well. Add tomatoes, lightly crush, and mix in. (Alternatively, place beans and tomatoes in a resealable plastic bag. Roll a rolling pin over bag to bruise vegetables; transfer to a bowl with the cucumber, fish sauce, lime ju <END>
INPUT: Mexican, garlic, cumin, chile powder, dark sugar, coarse salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: EZ - Style Pork Ribs | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons minced garlic; 2 tablespoons ground cumin; 2 tablespoons chile powder; 2 tablespoons dark-brown sugar; 3 tablespoons coarse salt; 3 tablespoons freshly cracked pepper; 1/4 cup roughly chopped fresh oregano; 1/4 cup roughly chopped fresh cilantro; 6 tablespoons orange juice; 2 tablespoons freshly squeezed lime juice (about 1 lime); 4 dashes hot red pepper sauce, or more to taste; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 2 (3-pound) racks pork ribs, preferably "3 and down" style; 1/3 cup molasses; 1/2 cup ketchup | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 200 degrees F. In the bowl of a food processor fitted with the steel blade or in the jar of a blender, combine the paste ingredients, and blend until smooth. Dry the ribs with paper towels, then rub them thoroughly with the paste. Place the ribs on 2 baking sheets, and slow-roast for 3 hours, or until red juice appears when you poke the meat with a fork and the meat is tender and pulls easily from the bone. Remove the ribs from the oven. The ribs may be broiled at this point or refrigerated, covered, for up to 2 days. While the ribs are roasting, combine the sauce ingredients i <END>
INPUT: cornmeal, Salt pepper, eggs, tomatoes, vegetable oil frying
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fried Green Tomatoes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups yellow cornmeal; Salt and freshly ground pepper, to taste; 2 eggs; 4 green tomatoes, thickly sliced; 2 cups vegetable oil for frying | INSTRUCTIONS: Season cornmeal with salt and pepper. In a bowl beat eggs. Dip tomatoes in the beaten egg and then in the cornmeal. In a cast iron or non-stick pan heat oil and place tomatoes. Fry for 3 minutes or so on each side, or until golden. Serve. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, crusted, relish, cilantro including stems, unsalted roasted peanuts, ginger, garlic, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Peanut-Crusted Trout with Pineapple Cilantro Relish | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 large bunch fresh cilantro including stems; 1/3 cup unsalted dry-roasted peanuts; 1 teaspoon finely chopped peeled fresh ginger; 1 garlic clove; 1/2 teaspoon black pepper; 3 tablespoons vegetable oil; 2 tablespoons fresh lime juice; 1 1/4 teaspoons salt; 1 teaspoon finely chopped fresh serrano chile, including seeds; 4 trout fillets with skin (1 to 1 1/4 lb total), pin bones removed; 3 cups chopped peeled fresh pineapple (preferably labeled "extra sweet"); 2 teaspoons Asian fish sauce | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat broiler, then oil rack of a broiler pan. Chop enough cilantro stems to measure 1/2 cup, then transfer to a food processor along with peanuts, ginger, garlic, pepper, 2 tablespoons oil, 1 tablespoon lime juice, 1 teaspoon salt, and 1/2 teaspoon chile. Process until finely chopped, about 30 seconds, then transfer to a bowl. Do not clean processor. Pat fillets dry and arrange, flesh sides up, tightly on rack of broiler pan (fillets should just touch). Spread peanut mixture evenly over tops of fillets. Broil fish 3 to 4 inches from heat until lightly browned and just cooked through, about  <END>
INPUT: Kalamata other brine, zucchini, olive oil, mint leaves, lemon juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Zucchini with Black Olives and Mint | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 7 Kalamata or other brine-cured black olives (about 1/4 cup); 1 1/2 pounds zucchini (about 3 large); 1 tablespoon olive oil; 3 tablespoons coarsely chopped fresh mint leaves; 1 1/2 teaspoons fresh lemon juice | INSTRUCTIONS: Prepare grill. Pit and thinly slice olives. Cut zucchini diagonally into 1/4-inch-thick slices and in a bowl toss with oil and salt and pepper to taste. Grill zucchini, in batches if necessary, on a rack set 5 to 6 inches over glowing coals 2 to 3 minutes on each side, or until lightly charred and just tender. (Alternatively, zucchini may be grilled in a hot well-seasoned heavy ridged grill pan over moderately high heat.) Transfer zucchini to bowl and toss with olives, mint, and lemon juice. Prepare grill. Pit and thinly slice olives. Cut zucchini diagonally into 1/4-inch-thick slices and in a <END>
INPUT: celestial, loaf bread, sugar, eggs, vanilla extract, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Celestial Chocolate Chunk | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: One 16-ounce loaf fresh-baked bread; 1 cup brown sugar; 5 eggs; 1 tablespoon vanilla extract; 1 pinch salt; 5 cups whole organic milk; 2 cups the biggest and finest chocolate chunks; 1 childhood memory; A Load of Love (enough to change the world) | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the oven to 325 degree F. In a big bowl, tear apart the bread (as you do this, think happy childhood memory thoughts and good intentions). In a bowl, mix the sugar and eggs until fully incorporated. Mix in the vanilla and salt with a load of love. Blend well. Slowly add the milk and mix until fully incorporated. Place the torn bread in a baking pan. Pour the egg/milk mixture over the bread to evenly coat each piece of bread. Wash your hands well. Add the chocolate chunks and gently fold the milk mixture into the bread with your hands. Send the bread your  <END>
INPUT: salad, fennel bulbs, Juice Eureka Meyer, Salt, sugar, Mint leaves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fennel Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 fennel bulbs; Juice of 2 Eureka or Meyer lemons; Salt; Pinch of sugar; Mint leaves (optional) | INSTRUCTIONS: Slice the fennel crosswise paper-thin with a mandoline or sharp knife. Put it in a bowl with the juice, salt, and sugar. Squeeze the fennel with your hand and let it sit for 20 minutes. Pour off any excess lemon juice and adjust the salt. If the fennel is too acidic due to particularly juicy lemons, give it a quick rinse in cold water. If you like, julienne a few mint leaves and toss them with the fennel just before serving. <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, sauce, virgin olive oil, onion, wine, anchovy paste, tomatoes garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mahi-Mahi in Tomato Olive Sauce | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1 cup chopped onion; 1 cup dry white wine; 1 teaspoon anchovy paste; 2 14 1/2-ounce cans diced tomatoes with garlic, basil, and oregano in juice; 4 6-ounce mahi-mahi fillets; 1/2 cup large green olives, quartered, pitted; 3 teaspoons chopped fresh oregano, divided; 1 teaspoon (packed) finely grated orange peel; Country-style white bread cut into 1/2-inch-thick slices, toasted | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat oil in heavy large skillet over medium-high heat. Add onion; sauté until translucent and beginning to brown, about 4 minutes. Add wine and anchovy paste. Boil until reduced to 3/4 cup, about 3 minutes. Add tomatoes with juice; bring to boil. Sprinkle fish with salt and pepper. Add fish to skillet atop tomato mixture. Reduce heat to low, cover, and simmer until fish is cooked through, about 9 minutes. Using slotted metal spatula, transfer fish to plate and tent with foil to keep warm. Mix olives, 2 teaspoons oregano, and orange peel into sauce in skillet. Increase heat to high and boil unt <END>
INPUT: jelly, Granny Smith apples, mint, water, vinegar, jalapeno
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Lamb with Apple-Mint Jelly | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 pounds Granny Smith apples; 1 bunch mint, plus 1/4 cup leaves, chopped; 1 cup water; 1 cup vinegar; 1 jalapeno, halved; 1 cup sugar; 8 loin lamb chops (about 3 pounds); Salt and freshly ground black pepper; Vegetable oil; Special equipment: cheesecloth | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Quarter apples and place entire apple (seeds and core included) in large saucepan with the 1 bunch mint, water, vinegar and jalapeno. Bring to a boil then lower to a simmer and cook until apples are tender, 15 to 20 minutes. Mash and pour into a cheesecloth-lined sieve over a bowl. Let sit to drain until you have about 2 cups of juice. Do not squeeze the apple mixture in the cheesecloth to extract more juice. Pour the stained juice into the saucepan and stir in the sugar. Bring to a boil, lower the heat to a simmer and cook until reduced by half and becomes thick <END>
INPUT: coulis, pear cherry tomatoes, wine vinegar, salt, olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Yellow Tomato Coulis | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound yellow pear or cherry tomatoes (about 2 2/3 cups); 2 teaspoons white-wine vinegar; 3/4 teaspoon salt; 1 tablespoon olive oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Garnish: Halved red yellow pear or cherry tomatoes In a blender, puree tomatoes, white-wine vinegar, salt, and olive oil until smooth. Pour tomato mixture through a sieve into a bowl, pressing on solids. Yellow tomato coulis keeps, covered and chilled, 2 days. Serve yellow tomato coulis garnished with halved tomatoes. <END>
INPUT: Italian, lasagna, eggplants, olive oil, Coarse salt pepper, cremini mushrooms, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Eggplant Lasagna | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 2 large eggplants, sliced lengthwise 3/4-inch thick (8 slices); 5 tablespoons olive oil, divided plus more for baking dish; Coarse salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 cup thinly sliced cremini mushrooms; 2 garlic cloves, minced; 1 tablespoon freshly chopped thyme leaves; 1 (15-ounce) container whole milk ricotta cheese; 3 large eggs; 1 cup grated Parmesan, divided; 2 tablespoons freshly chopped oregano leaves; 2 cups Nona's Marinara Sauce, recipe follows; 5 cloves garlic; 1/4 cup plus 2 teaspoons extra virgin olive oil, divided; 1 large onion, diced; 3 carrots, peeled and diced | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. Arrange sliced eggplant in a single layer on 2 sheet pans. Brush on both sides using 3 tablespoons of oil and season with salt and pepper. Roast the eggplant until it is soft and golden. Turn slices halfway through, about 25 minutes. Meanwhile, in a medium skillet add the remaining 2 tablespoons of oil and the sliced mushrooms. Saute until soft for about 7 minutes. Add the minced garlic and chopped thyme. Cook for another 2 minutes. Once the mushrooms are cooked remove and set aside to cool. In a large bowl add the ricotta, eggs, 1/2 cup Parmesan, oregano, mushro <END>
INPUT: glaze, apple jelly, Dijon mustard, Assorted relishes pickled
OUTPUT: TITLE: Ham with Apple Mustard Glaze | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 (12 to 14) pound shankless skinless smoked-cured ham*; Whole cloves, for studding ham; 1/2 cup apple jelly; 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard; Accompaniments: Assorted relishes such as pickled watermelon rind and pickled bell peppers, brandied fruits; Available at many butcher shops | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Score top of ham into diamonds and stud center of each diamond with a clove. On a rack in a roasting pan bake ham in middle of oven 1 1/2 hours. In a small saucepan heat jelly over moderate heat, stirring, until melted and smooth. Remove saucepan from heat and stir in mustard. Spread glaze evenly on top of baked ham and bake 35 minutes more. Transfer ham to a platter and let stand 15 minutes. Serve ham with relishes and brandied fruits. <END>
INPUT: sauce, orange liqueur, mint, beef stock, butter, Kosher salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Broiled Lamb Chops with a Mint-Orange Liqueur Sauce and White Asparagus | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup orange liqueur (recommended: Grand Marnier); 3 sprigs fresh mint, leaves chopped; 1/4 cup beef stock; 2 tablespoons butter; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 racks of lamb, frenched and cut into chops; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 sprigs fresh rosemary, leaves chopped; 2 tablespoons butter; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 2 bunches white asparagus, bottoms trimmed; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: For the sauce: In saute pan add the orange liqueur. Pour the alcohol into the pan and carefully ignite with a match or click lighter. Return the pan to the stove top over medium-high heat and gently swirl to reduce the flames. Add the mint and beef stock and reduce by half. Finish the sauce with the butter and season with salt and pepper. Hold warm. For the lamb: Preheat the oven to broil. Sprinkle the lamb with salt, pepper and rosemary. Broil the lamb 2 minutes per side for medium-rare. Remove and let rest 5 minutes under foil . While the lamb is resting, start the asparagus: Heat a saute pa <END>
INPUT: warm, salad, very prosciutto, peaches, Salt pepper, lemon, water
OUTPUT: TITLE: Warm Peach and Prosciutto Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 10 very thin slices prosciutto; 1 pound peaches (about 3), at room temperature, peeled and cut into 8 wedges; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 lemon, juiced; 2 tablespoons water; 4 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1 bay leaf; 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh thyme leaves; 3 tablespoons balsamic vinegar; 4 cups loosely packed baby spinach | INSTRUCTIONS: Cut the prosciutto slices in half crosswise and arrange in a fan on 4 dinner plates, 5 half slices per plate. Stretch plastic wrap tightly around each plate and refrigerate until needed. To save space, the plates can be stacked. Place the peaches in a bowl and season, to taste, with salt and pepper. Pour the lemon juice and water over peaches and cover. Heat the butter over medium heat until the foam subsides and the butter has turned light brown. Add the bay leaf, thyme, vinegar, and salt and pepper, to taste. Cook for 1 minute then add peaches and baby spinach and toss to coat. Divide evenly <END>
INPUT: tailgate, water, sugar, tea bags, baking soda, Water
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tailgate Sweet Tea | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 5 cups water; 2 1/2 cups sugar; 10 black tea bags; Pinch baking soda; Water, to taste; Bourbon, to taste; Peach schnapps, to taste; Fresh lemon juice, to taste | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine all of the tea ingredients to a large pot over medium heat. The baking soda will darken the syrup and reduce the bitterness. Bring the mixture to a boil stirring to dissolve the sugar and extracting as much tea as possible. Once the mixture is boiling, remove the pot from the heat and let steep until cooled. Remove and discard the tea bags and reserve the sweet tea syrup. In a large container combine the sweet tea syrup and add water, to taste. Add remaining ingredients, bourbon, peach schnapps and lemon juice, also to desired taste. <END>
INPUT: Indian, onion, garlic, Thai curry paste, vegetable oil, well stirred unsweetened
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spicy Coconut Curry Sauce | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 cup minced onion; 4 large garlic cloves, minced; 1/4 cup Thai red curry paste; 1/4 cup vegetable oil; 2 1/4 cups well-stirred unsweetened coconut milk (from 2 cans); 3 tablespoons lime juice; 1 1/2 tablespoons Asian fish sauce; 1 1/2 teaspoons sugar; 1/4 to 1/2 teaspoon cayenne; 1/2 cup chopped cilantro sprigs (optional) | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook onion, garlic, curry paste, and 1/4 teaspoon salt in oil in a wide 2-quart heavy saucepan over medium-low heat, stirring frequently, until onion is softened, 6 to 8 minutes. Add coconut milk and gently simmer, stirring frequently, until reduced to 2 cups, 20 to 30 minutes. Remove from heat and stir in lime juice, fish sauce, sugar, cayenne, cilantro (if desired), and salt to taste. Cook onion, garlic, curry paste, and 1/4 teaspoon salt in oil in a wide 2-quart heavy saucepan over medium-low heat, stirring frequently, until onion is softened, 6 to 8 minutes. Add coconut milk and gently sim <END>
INPUT: fudge, Non vegetable, roasted, milk, sugar, unsalted butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Peanut Butter Fudge | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Non-stick vegetable spray; 1/4 cup roasted, unsalted peanuts, coarsely chopped; 1 cup milk; 2 1/2 cups sugar; 3 tablespoons unsalted butter; 6 ounces creamy peanut butter; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract | INSTRUCTIONS: Line an 8-by-8-inch baking pan with aluminum foil and lightly grease with vegetable spray. Sprinkle the peanuts over the bottom of the pan. Put the milk and sugar in a medium, heavy-bottomed saucepan fitted with a candy thermometer. Boil over medium heat, occasionally stirring to keep from sticking. Cook until the mixture reaches 240 degrees F (soft ball). Remove from the heat and gently place the butter, peanut butter and vanilla in the pan, taking care not to disturb the syrup. Do not stir. Let the mixture cool down for 5 minutes, then beat vigorously with a spoon or the flat beater of a sta <END>
INPUT: Italian, Pre made dough, Oil, Pesto, Tomatoes, Mozzerella
OUTPUT: TITLE: Homemade Pesto Pizza | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: Pre-made dough from pizza parlour; Oil; Pesto; Tomatoes, sliced; Mozzerella, sliced; Red onion, thinly sliced | INSTRUCTIONS: Place dough in an oiled bowl. Cover, for about 45 minutes, and allow dough to rise. Preheat oven to 400 degrees. Press dough into greased pizza round pan. Spread pesto over dough. Place tomatoes over pesto. Place mozerrella over tomatoes. Top with thinly sliced red onion. Drizzle more peston on top of pie. Bake for 15-20 minutes or until crispy. Serve hot. <END>
INPUT: French, applewood smoked bacon, all purpose flour, milk, Brie cheese, kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Cauliflower with Bacon and Brie | CUISINE: French | INGREDIENTS: 8 ounces applewood-smoked bacon, diced; 1/4 cup all-purpose flour; 2 cups whole milk; 8 ounces Brie cheese, cubed; 2 teaspoons kosher salt; 3 to 4 grates fresh nutmeg; Canola oil, to oil grill; 1 large head cauliflower, core removed, cut into 1 1/2-inch florets; 1 tablespoon olive oil; 4 to 5 turns freshly ground black pepper; 1 tablespoon chopped flat-leaf parsley | INSTRUCTIONS: In a medium saute pan over medium-high heat, cook the bacon until the fat has rendered and the bacon is crispy, 7 to 8 minutes. Using a slotted spoon, remove the bacon from the pan and place on a paper towel-lined plate. Reduce heat to medium, then add the flour to the fat in the pan and whisk until smooth. Cook, stirring often, until nutty and fragrant, 3 to 4 minutes. Pour in the milk in a slow steady stream while whisking constantly. Whisk until smooth. Bring to a boil, then reduce heat and simmer 7 to 8 minutes. Stir in the Brie, 1 teaspoon of the salt and the nutmeg, stirring until the Br <END>
INPUT: caribbean, salad, sweet potatoes, eggs, mango, jalapeno pepper, scallions
OUTPUT: TITLE: Caribbean Pork with Potato Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 white sweet potatoes (about 1 1/4 pounds), peeled and chopped; 2 large eggs; 1 mango, peeled and chopped; 1 small red jalapeno pepper, chopped; 4 scallions, sliced; 1/4 cup vegetable oil; 3 tablespoons apple cider vinegar; 1 tablespoon plus 1 teaspoon packed light brown sugar; Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper; 1 large pork tenderloin (about 1 1/4 pounds), trimmed; 2 teaspoons ground allspice; 1/4 cup dijonnaise (or dijon mustard mixed with mayonnaise) | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Put the sweet potatoes in a saucepan and cover with water by 1 inch. Bring to a boil, then reduce to a simmer and add the eggs. Cook until the potatoes are tender and the eggs are hard-boiled, 10 minutes; drain and set aside. Meanwhile, make the sauce: Puree the mango, jalapeno, half of the scallions, 2 tablespoons each water and vegetable oil, 1 tablespoon vinegar and 1 teaspoon brown sugar in a food processor; season with salt and pepper. Set aside. Slice the pork lengthwise down the center, stopping 3/4 inch before cutting all the way through; open like a  <END>
INPUT: clams, chilies, virgin olive oil, Spanish onion, batch Franny's Pizza, garlic, bay leaf
OUTPUT: TITLE: Clams, Chilies, and Parsley Pizza | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup extra virgin olive oil, more as needed; 1/2 Spanish onion, peeled and cut into chunks; 1 batch Franny's Pizza Dough (recipe follows); 4 garlic cloves, smashed and peeled; 1 bay leaf; Chili flakes; 1 1/4 cups dry white wine; 4 1/2 dozen manila (about 6 pounds), scrubbed well in cold water; 1 1/2 cups heavy cream; All-purpose flour; 1/2 cup chopped parsley; 2 packed teaspoons fresh yeast (10 grams) or 1 1/2 teaspoons dry active yeast; 4 1/2 cups all-purpose flour; 2 teaspoons kosher salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Remove the pizza dough from the refrigerator at least 30 minutes before baking. Place 1/4 cup oil in a large pot over medium heat. Add onion, and saute until it is limp, about 5 minutes. Add garlic, bay leaf and a pinch of chili flakes. Reduce heat to low and cook 7 minutes longer. Add wine, and bring to a simmer. Add clams, cover pot, and cook till they start to open, about 10 minutes. As they open, use tongs to transfer them to a large bowl. When all clams are cooked and cooled, pluck out meat, and discard shells. Simmer liquid left in pot until it reduces to a <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, roast, pearl, Salt pepper, olive oil, fennel bulb, sage
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roast Chicken Breast with Zibibbo Raisins and Pearl Couscous | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 4 (12-ounce) chicken breasts; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 ounces olive oil; 1/4 cup fennel bulb, 1/4-inch dice; 1 sprig sage; 1 lemon, zested; 1 tablespoon lemon juice; 1 cup white wine; 1/2 cup sweet wine, preferably Passito or Moscato de Pantelleria; 1/2 cup Zibibbo raisins, if available; 1 cup Brown Chicken Stock, recipe follows; 1/4 cup heavy cream; 2 ounces butter; 1 cup sweet seedless grapes, halved; 8 crisp fried sage leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. To prepare the chicken: Season the chicken with salt and pepper. In a saute pan, heat olive oil and sear skin side down until golden in color, about 3 minutes. Turn and saute another 3 minutes. Transfer pan to oven and roast for 15 to 20 minutes or until done. Remove the chicken from the pan and keep warm. Remove fat from pan. Add fennel, sage sprig, lemon zest, lemon juice, and raisins and deglaze with 1 cup of white wine and 1/2 cup sweet wine. Over high heat, reduce by half. Add brown chicken stock and cream. Reduce until slightly thickened. Remove sage and fi <END>
INPUT: virgin olive oil, Gala apples, maple syrup, apple cider, kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sauteed Gala Apples | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 3 medium Gala apples, peeled and sliced, divided; 2 tablespoons maple syrup; 3/4 cup apple cider; 1 pinch kosher salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Set a large saute pan over medium-high heat. Add the olive oil and half of the peeled and sliced apples. Cook, stirring constantly, until the apples are wilted and slightly caramelized, 5 to 6 minutes. Add the maple syrup, apple cider, and salt. Bring to a simmer, and then reduce the heat and cook until the apples start to fall apart and the texture becomes like applesauce, 6 to 8 minutes. Fold in the remaining raw apple slices so you have the crisp texture combined with the cooked apples. Fold together and set aside to cool before serving. Serve with fresh ricotta and popovers. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, quesadilla, tropical, olive oil, pepper, onion, cumin
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lobster Quesadilla with Tropical Fruit Salsa | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon olive oil; 1 1/2 cups diced red pepper, plus 1 cup for garnish; 1 1/2 cups diced green pepper; 1 cup diced red onion; 1 teaspoon ground cumin; 1/4 teaspoon cayenne pepper; 12 ounces roughly chopped fresh cooked lobster meat; 3 cups shredded Monterey Jack cheese; 4 ounces chopped jalapenos, without seeds, or to taste; Kosher salt; 12 (6-inch) flour tortillas; 4 ounces clarified butter; 1 cup sliced green onion, for garnish; 8 tablespoons sour cream, for garnish; 6 pineapple tops, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large skillet, heat the oil over medium-high heat. Add 1 1/2 cups red peppers, the green peppers, onion, cumin, and cayenne pepper. Cook until the vegetables are tender, but still firm, about 7 to 8 minutes. Remove from the heat and cool. In a medium bowl, mix the lobster meat, cheese, jalapenos, salt, and cooled pepper mixture. Divide the mixture into 6 portions. Sandwich each portion between 2 tortillas, spreading the lobster mixture evenly. Heat a grill or large skillet over medium heat and film the bottom with some of the butter. Place as many quesadillas as will fit without touching, <END>
INPUT: Asian, pork chops cutlets, Kosher salt, Chinese rice wine, ginger, cucumbers
OUTPUT: TITLE: Japanese-Style Crispy Pork | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound thin-cut boneless pork chops or cutlets, trimmed; Kosher salt; 2 tablespoons Chinese rice wine, sake or sherry; 1 1/2 teaspoons finely grated peeled ginger; 2 medium cucumbers; 1/2 to 1 teaspoon sugar; 2 teaspoons rice wine vinegar; 1 1/2 teaspoons red pepper flakes; 3 large eggs; 2 cups panko (Japanese breadcrumbs); 3/4 cup cornstarch; Peanut oil, for frying; 1/4 cup tonkatsu sauce (a sweet-spicy Japanese dipping sauce, sold near the soy sauce; or make your own by mixing 2 tablespoons each ketchup, Worceste | INSTRUCTIONS: Season the pork with salt. Mix the rice wine and 1 teaspoon ginger and spread on the pork. Stack the pork and set aside. Peel, quarter and seed the cucumbers; cut into 4-inch spears. Toss with the sugar and vinegar. Toast the pepper flakes with 1 tablespoon salt in a skillet over medium heat, about 4 minutes; set aside. Beat the eggs with 1/2 cup water in a shallow bowl. Put the panko and cornstarch in 2 separate shallow bowls. Dredge each piece of pork in cornstarch, dip in egg, then coat with the panko. Heat 1/4 inch of peanut oil in a large skillet over high heat. Fry the pork in batches un <END>
INPUT: jambalaya, vegetable oil, onion, size carrots, size sweet pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Creole Vegetable Jambalaya | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons vegetable oil; 1 large onion, sliced; 4 medium-size carrots, cut into 1/2-inch pieces; 1 medium-size sweet green pepper, cored, seeded, cut into 1-inch pieces; 1 medium-size sweet red pepper, cored, seeded, cut into 1-inch pieces; 1 medium-size head cauliflower, separated into florets (cut large florets in half); 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped; 3 cans (14.5 ounces each) stewed tomatoes; 3 tablespoons tomato paste; 1 can (14.5 ounces) vegetable broth; 1 tablespoon creole seasoning; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1 yellow summer squash, halved lengthwise, sliced crosswise into 1/4-inch-thick half moons; 1/2 pound chorizo, chopped; 2 tablespoons olive oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat vegetable oil in large pot. Add onion and carrots; cook 7 minutes, stirring occasionally. Add sweet peppers and cauliflower; cook 8 minutes, stirring occasionally. Add garlic, tomatoes, tomato paste, vegetable broth, creole seasoning and salt. Bring to boiling. Reduce heat to medium-low; cover and simmer until vegetables are almost fork-tender, about 18 minutes. Add squash; cook until squash is cooked through but still retains its shape, about 5 minutes. Cook chorizo in skillet over high heat until browned, 5 minutes. Remove to paper toweling. Shrimp: Heat olive oil in large skillet over  <END>
INPUT: Asian, mousse, vinaigrette, unflavored gelatin, cooled vegetable broth, egg yolk, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sea Urchin Mousse with Ginger Vinaigrette | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 teaspoon unflavored gelatin (from 1 envelope); 1/2 cup cooled vegetable broth; 1 (4-oz) tray uni (sea urchin roe); 1 large egg yolk; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 1/2 teaspoon fresh lemon juice; Pinch of cayenne; 1/3 cup chilled heavy cream; 2 teaspoons finely grated (with a rasp) peeled fresh ginger; 2 teaspoons fresh lemon juice; 1/8 teaspoon salt; 3 tablespoons mild extra-virgin olive oil (preferably French); Special equipment: an instant-read thermometer; Garnish: chopped chives and thinly sliced cucumber | INSTRUCTIONS: Make mousse: Sprinkle gelatin over broth in a small saucepan and let stand 1 minute to soften, then cook over moderate heat, stirring, until dissolved, 1 to 2 minutes. Force uni through a fine-mesh sieve into a bowl, scraping bottom of sieve occasionally. Whisk in yolk, salt, lemon juice, and cayenne, then add broth mixture, whisking. Return to saucepan and cook over moderately low heat, stirring constantly, until it registers 170°F on thermometer, 2 to 3 minutes. (Do not let simmer or egg will curdle.) Transfer mixture to a bowl set in a larger bowl of ice and cold water. Let stand, stirring  <END>
INPUT: confit, cabbage, onion, bay leaf, thyme, allspice berries
OUTPUT: TITLE: Red-Cabbage Confit | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 8 cups thinly sliced red cabbage (about 2 pounds); 1 large onion, sliced thin (about 3 cups); 1 bay leaf; 1/4 teaspoon dried thyme, crumbled; 4 dried allspice berries; 2 garlic cloves, crushed; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1 Granny Smith apple, peeled and grated coarse; 1 cup dry red wine; 1/4 cup red-wine vinegar plus additional to taste; 2 tablespoons sugar; 1/3 cup dried currants | INSTRUCTIONS: In a kettle of boiling salted water blanch the cabbage for 2 minutes and drain it. In the kettle, cleaned, cook the onion, the bay leaf, the thyme, the allspice berries, the garlic, and salt and pepper to taste in the oil over moderately low heat, stirring, until the onion is softened, add the cabbage, the apple, the wine, 1/4 cup of the vinegar, the sugar, and 3/4 cup water, and bring the liquid to a boil. Simmer the mixture, covered, stirring occasionally, for 30 to 35 minutes, or until the cabbage is tender, discard the allspice berries, and add the currants. Simmer the mixture, uncovered,  <END>
INPUT: angel, food, egg whites, salt, cream tartar, superfine sugar, pure vanilla extract
OUTPUT: TITLE: Coconut Angel Food Cake | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/4 cups egg whites (from about 9 large eggs), at room temperature; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 1 teaspoon cream of tartar; 1 cup superfine sugar; 2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract; 2 teaspoons fresh lemon juice; 1 cup sifted cake flour; 1/3 cup dry unsweetened shredded coconut; 1/3 cup fresh coconut shavings; 1 bag (12 ounces) cranberries, fresh or frozen and thawed; 2/3 cup granulated sugar; 1 tablespoon grated orange zest; 2/3 cup fresh orange juice; 2 tablespoons orange-flavored liqueur; 1/2 teaspoon cinnamon | INSTRUCTIONS: Cake: Heat oven to 325°F. Beat egg whites and salt in a bowl with an electric mixer on medium until frothy, about 2 minutes. Add cream of tartar. Beat until soft peaks form, about 5 minutes. Increase speed to high. Add 1/2 cup sugar, 1 tablespoon at a time, until whites form soft, glossy peaks. Beat in vanilla and lemon juice. In another bowl, mix remaining 1/2 cup sugar with flour. Sift 1/2 sugar-flour mixture over egg whites; gently but thoroughly fold into batter using a large spatula. Repeat twice with remaining sugar-flour mixture. Fold in dry coconut in 2 batches. Scrape batter into an u <END>
INPUT: Italian, virgin olive oil, onion, garlic, beans, plum tomatoes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Green Beans Braised with Tomatoes and Basil | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1 cup finely chopped white onion; 2 garlic cloves, minced; 1 1/2 pounds green beans, trimmed; 2 large plum tomatoes, finely chopped (about 1 cup); 1 cup (packed) fresh basil leaves; 1/2 cup water | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat oil in large nonstick skillet over medium heat. Add onion and garlic and sauté until onion softens slightly, about 5 minutes. Add green beans, tomatoes, basil leaves, and 1/2 cup water. Cook until beans are crisp-tender, stirring and tossing occasionally, about 10 minutes. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Transfer to bowl and serve. Heat oil in large nonstick skillet over medium heat. Add onion and garlic and sauté until onion softens slightly, about 5 minutes. Add green beans, tomatoes, basil leaves, and 1/2 cup water. Cook until beans are crisp-tender, stirring and tossing occasion <END>
INPUT: pork, center loin chops, Salt pepper, virgin olive oil, bell pepper, orange bell pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pork Chops with Sweet and Hot Peppers | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 center cut loin chops, 1-inch thick; Salt and pepper; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1 yellow bell pepper, seeded and sliced; 1 orange bell pepper, seeded and sliced; 4 red hot Italian cherry peppers, sliced; 1/2 cup white wine or chicken stock; 2 tablespoons chopped flat-leaf parsley, a handful | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat a large skillet over medium high heat. Season chops with salt and pepper. Add 1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil to pan -- 1 turn of the pan. Add chops and cook 5 minutes on each side. Transfer to a platter and cover with foil. Return pan to heat and add more extra-virgin olive oil and bell peppers. Saute, stirring frequently, 5 minutes. Add hot cherry peppers and a splash of their brine to the pan, cook a minute. Add wine or stock and scrape up pan drippings. Arrange peppers over chops and serve. <END>
INPUT: olive oil, cubes Japanese eggplant, onion, tube refrigerated pizza, plum tomatoes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Eggplant and Tomato Pizza | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons olive oil; 2 cups 1/2-inch cubes Japanese eggplant (about 8 ounces); 1 medium onion, thinly sliced; 1 10-ounce tube refrigerated pizza dough; 8 ounces plum tomatoes, thinly sliced; 3 tablespoons grated Parmesan cheese; 3/4 teaspoon dried marjoram | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 450°F. Lightly oil 9x9x2-inch baking pan. Heat oil in heavy medium skillet over medium-high heat. Add eggplant and onion and sauté until vegetables soften and brown lightly, about 10 minutes. Season with salt and pepper. Unroll pizza dough. Fit into prepared pan, pressing up at edges to create 1-inch-high rim. Spread eggplant mixture evenly over bottom of crust. Arrange tomatoes over. Sprinkle with cheese and marjoram. Bake until topping is heated through and edges of pizza are brown and crisp, about 15 minutes. Cut into squares. Preheat oven to 450°F. Lightly oil 9x9x2-inch ba <END>
INPUT: Italian, sauce, Three clams, virgin olive oil, garlic, pepper flakes more, tomatoes juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spaghetti with Red Clam Sauce | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: Three 6 1/2-ounce cans minced or whole clams; 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 6 cloves garlic, minced; 1/2 teaspoon red pepper flakes or more to taste; One 28-ounce can whole tomatoes packed in juice, drained, and chopped; 1 pound dry spaghetti or linguini; 10 fresh basil leaves, chopped; 2 tablespoons finely chopped flat-leaf parsley; Kosher salt; Freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Drain the clams reserving 1/2 cup of their juice and set aside. Heat the olive oil in a large skillet over medium-low heat. Add the garlic and cook until softened, but not browned, about 3 minutes. Add the pepper flakes and cook for 30 seconds more. Add the reserved clam juice and tomatoes, increase the heat and bring to a boil. Cover, and lower the heat to maintain a gentle simmer, cook for 15 minutes. Set aside. Bring a large pot of water to a boil over high heat, salt generously. Cook the pasta until al dente, tender yet still slightly firm. During the last 5 minutes of cooking the pasta st <END>
INPUT: barbeque, baby carrots, thyme, sweet orange marmalade, honey, BBQ sauce
OUTPUT: TITLE: Barbeque Carrots | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound baby carrots; 1 teaspoon dried thyme; 2 teaspoons sweet orange marmalade; 1/4 cup honey; 1 cup BBQ sauce; 1/4 cup butter, melted | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. Mix all ingredients in a large bowl and toss until the carrots are well coated. Transfer mixture to large rimmed baking sheet, spreading carrots evenly. Bake until brown and tender, stirring occasionally, <END>
INPUT: duchesse, potatoes, milk, egg yolks, dark seeds nigella
OUTPUT: TITLE: Duchesse Potato Ghosts | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 pounds large red potatoes; 3/4 stick (6 tablespoons) unsalted butter, cut into pieces; 1 1/4 cups milk; 3 large egg yolks; Small dark seeds such as nigella (black onion seeds), cumin seeds, or caraway seeds for ghosts; "eyes" | INSTRUCTIONS: Peel and quarter potatoes and in a large saucepan cover with salted cold water by 2 inches. Bring water to a boil and simmer potatoes until tender, about 15 minutes. While potatoes are simmering, in a small saucepan heat butter with milk over moderately low heat until melted and keep warm. Drain potatoes in a colander and force through a ricer or food mill into a bowl. With an electric mixer beat in milk mixture, yolks, and salt and pepper to taste. Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. Spread about one third potatoes in a buttered 1-quart gratin dish and transfer remaining potatoes to a pastry bag f <END>
INPUT: Mexican, quesadillas, onion, garlic, vegetable oil, tomato, zucchini blossoms
OUTPUT: TITLE: Zucchini-Blossom Quesadillas | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 cup chopped white onion; 1 garlic clove, finely chopped; 2 tablespoons vegetable oil; 1 medium tomato, chopped; 6 ounces zucchini blossoms, coarsely chopped (3 cups); 2 cups corn tortilla flour (masa harina; 9 ounces); 1 1/2 cups warm water; 7 ounces Oaxacan string cheese, shredded; Equipment: 2 (6-inch) squares cut from a 1-quarts sealable plastic bag; a tortilla press; a comal (flat metal griddle) or metal pizza pan (not nonstic; Accompaniment: salsa | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook onion, garlic, and 1/2 teaspoon salt in oil in a large heavy skillet over medium heat, stirring, until onion is softened. Add tomato and cook, stirring occasionally, until tomato breaks down, 3 to 5 minutes. Add blossoms and 1/4 teaspoon salt, then cover and cook, stirring occasionally, until tender, 4 to 5 minutes. Combine tortilla flour, water, and 1/4 teaspoon salt in a large bowl and knead until a uniform dough forms, about 1 minute. Pinch off enough dough to form a 1 1/2-inch ball and transfer to a plate; dough should be moist but not sticky. If necessary, knead in a little more tort <END>
INPUT: vinaigrette, firmly sugar, Dijon style mustard, wine vinegar, vegetable oil, dill
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mustard and Dill Vinaigrette | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 teaspoon firmly packed brown sugar; 1 teaspoon Dijon-style mustard; 2 tablespoons white-wine vinegar; 1/3 cup vegetable oil; 1 tablespoon minced fresh dill | INSTRUCTIONS: In a bowl whisk together the brown sugar, the mustard, the vinegar, and salt to taste, add the oil in a stream, whisking, and whisk the vinaigrette until it is emulsified. Stir in the dill. In a bowl whisk together the brown sugar, the mustard, the vinegar, and salt to taste, add the oil in a stream, whisking, and whisk the vinaigrette until it is emulsified. Stir in the dill. <END>
INPUT: alexander, brandy, dark crème de, heavy cream, nutmeg
OUTPUT: TITLE: Brandy Alexander | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 ounces brandy; 1/2 ounce dark crème de cacao; 1/2 ounce heavy cream; Whole nutmeg | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine brandy, crème de cacao, and heavy cream in a mixing glass with ice and shake vigorously. Strain into a 6-ounce cocktail glass and grate nutmeg over top, to taste. Combine brandy, crème de cacao, and heavy cream in a mixing glass with ice and shake vigorously. Strain into a 6-ounce cocktail glass and grate nutmeg over top, to taste. <END>
INPUT: Italian, unsalted butter, onion, parsley, sun tomatoes, chicken breast
OUTPUT: TITLE: Gnocchi with Sun Dried Tomatoes and Chicken | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1 yellow or white onion, chopped; 1/2 cup minced fresh parsley; 6 sun-dried tomatoes (dry-packed), minced; 1/2 pound boneless chicken breast, thinly sliced (optional); 1/4 cup dry white wine; 1 recipe bechamel sauce (below); 1 recipe Gnocchi, uncooked, or 1 1/2 pounds store-bought gnocchi, uncooked | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large, wide skillet, melt the butter over low heat. Add the onion and parsley and saute over medium heat until the onion turns translucent, about 10 minutes. Add the sun-dried tomatoes and the chicken, if using, and saute, stirring often until the chicken colors, about 2 minutes. Add the wine and keep stirring over medium heat until most of it evaporates and the chicken is cooked through, about 4 to 5 minutes more. Cook the gnocchi as directed above. Add the chicken or tomato mixture to the hot bechamel sauce and mix well. Spoon generously over the gnocchi, and serve at once. <END>
INPUT: crisp, Granny Smith apples, all purpose flour, sugar, lemon juice, maple syrup
OUTPUT: TITLE: Apple Crisp with Bourbon Cream | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 Granny Smith apples, peeled, cored, chopped (about 3 1/2 pounds); 1/4 cup all-purpose flour; 1/2 cup brown sugar; 1 tablespoon lemon juice; 1/4 cup maple syrup; 1 cup all-purpose flour; 3/4 cup brown sugar; 1/4 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 8 tablespoons (1 stick) chilled butter, cut into pieces; 1/4 cup coarsely chopped pecans; 1 cup heavy cream; 1/4 cup confectioners' sugar; 1 tablespoon bourbon | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. For the Filling: Butter a 9 by 13-inch casserole dish. In a large bowl mix all the filling ingredients together and toss to coat all the apples. Pour in the prepared baking dish. For topping: In a food processor combine the flour, brown sugar, cinnamon and salt in large bowl. Pulse to blend. Pulse in the butter until mixture forms pea size lumps. Add the pecans and pulse 1 or 2 more times. Sprinkle over filling. Bake crisp for 45 to 50 minutes. Cool 10 minutes before serving. For Bourbon cream: a medium sized bowl, beat the cream until it begins to thicken. While <END>
INPUT: salt, basil leaves, mint leaves, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Eggplant, Tomato, and Fontina Pizza | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 (1 1/2-pound) eggplant, cut crosswise into 1/4-inch-thick slices; 1 3/4 teaspoons salt; 3/4 cup packed fresh basil leaves; 1/4 cup packed fresh mint leaves; 2 garlic cloves; 10 ounces grape tomatoes (2 cups), quartered; 5 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil plus additional for brushing dough; Pizza dough; Flour for dredging; 1/4 pound Italian Fontina, rind discarded and cheese cut into 1/4-inch dice (1 cup); Special equipment: a pizza stone; parchment paper; a baking peel or rimless baking sheet | INSTRUCTIONS: Prepare pizza toppings: Sprinkle eggplant with 1 1/2 teaspoons salt in a colander and let drain in sink, turning slices occasionally, 30 minutes. Finely chop together basil, mint, and garlic. Toss with tomatoes in a bowl, then drain in a sieve set over bowl. Preheat broiler. Rinse eggplant, then pat dry in batches between paper towels, pressing firmly to remove excess liquid. Brush both sides of slices with oil (about 4 tablespoons total) and form small stacks, then cut stacks into quarters. Arrange eggplant pieces in 1 layer in 2 shallow heavy baking pans and broil, 1 pan at a time, about 5 t <END>
INPUT: packed, loin, pork roast, coarse kosher salt, pepper, fennel seeds, olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Salt-and Spice-Packed Pork Loin | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 5-pound bone-in pork rib roast, chine bone removed, all but 1/4 inch of fat trimmed; 1 teaspoon plus 8 cups coarse kosher salt (3 3/4 to 4 pounds); 1 teaspoon plus 2/3 cup freshly ground black pepper (3 1/2 to 3 3/4 ounces); 1/3 cup freshly ground fennel seeds (1 to 1 1/4 ounces); 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1/3 cup freshly ground whole allspice (1 to 1 1/4 ounces); 1/3 cup freshly ground juniper berries* (about 1 ounce); 1 cup water | INSTRUCTIONS: Position rack in center of oven and preheat to 250°F. Sprinkle pork roast all over with 1 teaspoon coarse salt, 1 teaspoon pepper, and fennel seeds, patting to adhere. Heat olive oil in heavy large roasting pan over medium-high heat. Place pork, fat side down, in pan. Cook until brown on all sides and on ends, holding pork upright with tongs when necessary, about 12 minutes. Transfer pork to baking sheet and cool completely, about 20 minutes. Combine 8 cups coarse salt, 2/3 cup black pepper, allspice, and juniper berries in same roasting pan. Stir to blend. Add 1 cup water and stir to moisten. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, chiles, "Frenched" rack lamb, Kosher fine sea, olive oil, Spanish onion, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Rack of Lamb "Dos Chiles" | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 "Frenched" rack of lamb (about 1 to 1 1/4 pounds; see Note**); Kosher or fine sea salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1/4 cup minced Spanish onion; 3 cloves garlic, minced; 3/4 cup seasoned bread crumbs; 1/8 teaspoon ground cumin; 1/2 teaspoon dried oregano; 1/2 teaspoon chili powder; 1 lime, zest finely grated; 1/2 jarred roasted red pepper, drained; 2 canned chipotle peppers in adobo with 1 teaspoon of the adobo sauce from can | INSTRUCTIONS: Season the lamb well with salt and pepper, rubbing the seasonings into the meat. Heat a large cast iron skillet over medium-high heat and lay the seasoned rack, fat side down, into the pan. Sear the lamb until the fat is golden brown or until the fat has rendered, about 3 minutes or so. Flip and brown the meaty side and ends of the rack. The browning should take about 10 minutes. Adjust the heat as necessary so the fat is sizzling, not sputtering. Transfer the rack of lamb to a plate to cool and set the skillet aside, but don't wash it. Heat the oil in a medium skillet over medium heat. Add th <END>
INPUT: Mexican, tortilla, olive oil, onion, mushrooms, dill, eggs
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mushroom and Dill Tortilla | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1 large onion, coarsely chopped; 1 pound sliced mushrooms; 1/4 cup coarsely chopped dill; 6 eggs, lightly beaten; 1/8 teaspoon salt; Pinch nutmeg; Fresh ground pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat the oil in a medium, cast-iron skillet over medium heat. Add the onion and cook until they begin to lose their raw look, 3 to 4 minutes. Add the mushrooms and dill and cook until mushrooms are heated through, 3 to 4 minutes. Drain off any liquids. In a separate bowl, whisk eggs with salt, nutmeg and 1/2 teaspoon fresh ground pepper. Pour over the mushroom mixture and stir to mix. Cook over medium low heat, pushing dry edges to center as it cooks. When center is still damp, slip under a preheated broiler and cook until top is beginning to brown. Cut into wedges. Serve with a tomato or savo <END>
INPUT: Italian, Two chickpeas, Vegetable oil, size sage leaves, Kosher salt pepper, Parmesan
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fried Chickpeas with Sage and Parmesan | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: Two 14.5-ounce cans chickpeas; Vegetable oil, for frying; 1/2 cup small- and medium-size fresh sage leaves; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1/4 cup grated Parmesan | INSTRUCTIONS: Rinse the chickpeas and drain them very well. Line a baking sheet with a couple layers of paper towels and turn the chickpeas out on top in a single layer. Let the chickpeas dry thoroughly, at least 1 hour and up to 4 hours (the drier the better). Fill a medium pot with vegetable oil to a depth of 2 inches. Bring the oil to 350 degrees F over medium-high heat. Add the sage leaves and fry until a shade darker and crisp, 30 seconds to 1 minute. Transfer to a paper-towel-lined baking sheet and sprinkle with a little salt. Add half of the chickpeas to the oil and fry, stirring often, until golden  <END>
INPUT: vegetable oil, shallot, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spinach, Artichoke and Bacon Dip with Crispy Pitas | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon vegetable oil; 1 shallot, minced; 3 garlic cloves, minced; 1 (10-ounce) package frozen chopped spinach, thawed; 1 (6-ounce) jar marinated artichoke hearts, roughly chopped; 10 bacon strips, fried until crisp and crumbled; 1 teaspoon lemon zest; 2 cups sour cream; 1 teaspoon kosher salt; 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; Crispy Pitas, recipe follows; 1 tablespoon kosher salt; 1 tablespoon dried basil; 1 teaspoon garlic powder; 1 teaspoon onion powder | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat the vegetable oil in a small skillet over medium low heat. Add the garlic and shallot and cook, stirring frequently, until the shallot softens and the garlic begins to brown, about 7 minutes. Remove from heat and set aside. Put the spinach in a colander and squeeze out all of the excess water. Transfer to a large mixing bowl and add the artichoke hearts, crumbled bacon, cooked garlic and shallot, lemon zest, sour cream, salt and pepper. Mix well with a rubber spatula, and transfer to a decorative bowl. Allow to sit for 30 minutes before serving so the flavors can blend. Serve with crispy  <END>
INPUT: Indian, butter, peanut oil, chicken breast halves, onion, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Simple Chicken Curry | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon butter; 2 tablespoons peanut oil; 4 boneless chicken breast halves, skinned; 1 onion, chopped; 3 garlic cloves, minced; 3 tablespoons curry powder; 1/2 cup diced apple; 1/2 cup chopped dried apricots; 1/2 cup golden raisins; 1 14 1/2-ounce can chicken broth; Salt; Freshly cooked rice | INSTRUCTIONS: Melt butter with oil in heavy large skillet over medium heat. Add chicken and brown on both sides, about 5 minutes. Transfer to plate. Add onion and garlic to skillet and sauté until translucent, about 6 minutes. Stir in curry powder. Return chicken to skillet. Add apple, apricots and raisins. Add enough broth to just cover mixture. Season with salt. Cover and simmer until chicken is just cooked through, about 10 minutes. Transfer chicken to platter. Keep warm. Continue simmering fruit mixture until fruit is tender and sauce thickens, about 5 minutes. Spoon over chicken and serve with rice. Me <END>
INPUT: puffs, water, salt, granulated sugar, all purpose flour
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cream Puffs | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup water; 8 tablespoons (1 stick) unsalted butter; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1 1/2 teaspoons granulated sugar; 1 cup all-purpose flour; 3 to 4 eggs, plus 1 egg for egg wash; 2 cups heavy cream; 2 tablespoons sugar; 1/4 teaspoon vanilla | INSTRUCTIONS: To make the cream puffs: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. In a large saucepan, bring the water, butter, salt, and granulated sugar to a rolling boil over medium-high heat. When it boils, immediately take the pan off the heat. Stirring with a wooden spoon, add all the flour at once and stir hard until all the flour is incorporated, 30 to 60 seconds. Return the pan to the heat and cook, stirring, 30 seconds to evaporate some of the moisture. Scrape the mixture into a mixer fitted with a paddle attachment. Mix at medium speed. With the mixer running, and working 1 egg at a time, add 3 of the eg <END>
INPUT: Mexican, warm, dipping, cilantro leaves, garlic, apple cider vinegar, lime juice, olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Warm Cilantro Dipping Sauce | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup chopped fresh cilantro leaves; 4 garlic cloves, minced; 2 tablespoons apple cider vinegar; 1 tablespoon fresh lime juice; 3/4 cup olive oil; 1/2 teaspoon hot pepper sauce | INSTRUCTIONS: Blend first 4 ingredients in food processor until cilantro is finely chopped, about 15 seconds. Transfer mixture to medium heatproof bowl. Heat oil in medium skillet over medium heat until hot; slowly whisk into cilantro mixture. Mix in hot sauce. Season sauce to taste with salt and pepper; transfer to small bowl. Serve with plantain chips. (Dip can be made 2 hours ahead. Let stand at room temperature.) Blend first 4 ingredients in food processor until cilantro is finely chopped, about 15 seconds. Transfer mixture to medium heatproof bowl. Heat oil in medium skillet over medium heat until hot; <END>
INPUT: mushrooms, walnuts, parsley leaves, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cheddar-Stuffed Mushrooms | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound mushrooms; 3/4 stick (6 tablespoons) unsalted butter; 1/2 cup walnuts; 1/2 cup fresh parsley leaves; 1 onion; 1 cup coarsely grated sharp Cheddar (about 4 ounces); 1/2 cup fine fresh bread crumbs; 1/4 teaspoon salt, or to taste | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350° F. Remove stems from mushrooms and chop stems. Melt butter. With a pastry brush gently brush mushroom caps all over with some melted butter. Arrange caps, stemmed sides up, on a large baking sheet. Lightly toast walnuts and finely chop. Finely chop parsley. Finely chop onion and in a large heavy skillet sauté with chopped stems in remaining butter over moderately high heat until mixture is softened. Remove skillet from heat and stir in remaining ingredients. Divide mixture among mushroom caps, mounding it slightly. Mushrooms may be stuffed 4 hours ahead and chilled, covere <END>
INPUT: zesty, pine nuts, virgin olive oil, zucchini into chunks, garlic, lemon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lemon-Zesty Zucchini with Pine Nuts | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup pine nuts; 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1 large zucchini cut into 3/4 inch chunks (about 1 pound); 2 cloves garlic, smashed; 1 lemon, zest stripped off in large pieces; 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt; Freshly ground black pepper; 6 ounces fresh ricotta | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 425 degrees F. Toss pine nuts with 1 tablespoon of olive oil and spread out on a sheet pan. Toast the nuts in the oven, shaking the pan about half way through, until evenly brown, about 7 minutes. Transfer to a serving bowl. Reserve the baking sheet. Toss the zucchini with 2 tablespoons of the olive oil, the garlic, lemon zest, salt and pepper. Spread out on the baking sheet and roast until crisp tender and slightly brown, about 10 to 12 minutes. Toss zucchini and lemon with the nuts, and scatter dollops of the cheese on top. Serve. <END>
INPUT: tacos, sugar, balsamic vinegar, carrots, ginger, sweet potatoes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tuna Tacos | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup sugar; 1 cup white balsamic vinegar; 1 pound carrots, peeled and julienned; 2 ounces ginger, peeled and julienned; 2 sweet potatoes; 2 ounces butter; 2 ounces honey; Kosher salt and fresh ground black pepper; 3 tablespoons Cajun seasoning; 2 teaspoons kosher salt; Twelve 3-ounce pieces tuna loin; 2 ounces grapeseed oil; 3 avocados; 1/4 cup diced red onion; 1/4 cup diced tomato | INSTRUCTIONS: For the ginger pickled carrots: Combine the sugar, vinegar and 2 cups water in a pot and bring to a boil, stirring until the sugar is dissolved. Pour into a plastic container and let cool completely. Once cooled, add the carrots and ginger to the pickling liquid¿make sure they are completely covered by the liquid. Refrigerate for at least 6 hours before using (24 hours is best). For the sweet potato puree: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Pierce the skins of the sweet potatoes and bake until tender, about 45 minutes. (Leave the oven on for heating up the tortillas.) Once cooked, cut the swee <END>
INPUT: American, casserole, borlotti cannellini beans, EVOO, celery, garlic, carrot
OUTPUT: TITLE: Rice and Beans Casserole | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup dried borlotti or cannellini beans; 1 tablespoon EVOO, plus some to drizzle; 2 ribs celery, chopped; 2 cloves garlic, chopped; 1 carrot, chopped; 1 onion, chopped; Salt and pepper; 1 1/2 cups long grain white rice; 2 3/4 cups chicken stock/poaching liquid from Poached Chicken, recipe follows; 1/2 cup fresh parsley leaves, finely chopped, plus more to garnish; 2 tablespoons fresh thyme leaves, finely chopped; 1 tablespoon fresh rosemary leaves, finely chopped; 2 tablespoons butter, plus more for greasing; 1 pound hot or sweet Italian sausage, casing removed; 1 cup grated Parmigiano-Reggiano, plus more to pass | INSTRUCTIONS: Soak the beans 4 hours or overnight. Rinse the beans after soaking. Place the rinsed beans in a pot with 1 tablespoon of the EVOO, the celery, garlic onions and some salt and pepper. Add enough water to cover, about 1 quart, and bring to a low boil. Cook until tender, adding a bit more water if necessary, about 30 minutes. Puree half of the mixture, reserve. Meanwhile heat the stock to a boil, then add the rice and stir. Cover and reduce the heat to low. Simmer for 16 minutes, then stir in the herbs and butter. Cook 1 minute more and remove from the heat, fluff the rice with a fork. Brown and  <END>
INPUT: American, raspberry, slab, all purpose flour, granulated sugar, kosher salt, cider vinegar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Nectarine-Raspberry Slab Pie | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 3 1/2 cups all-purpose flour, plus more for dusting; 2 tablespoons granulated sugar, plus more for sprinkling; 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt; 3 sticks (1 1/2 cups) cold unsalted butter, cut into 1/2-inch dice and kept very cold; 1 tablespoon white or cider vinegar; 1/3 cup ice water, plus more if needed; Filling:; 1 3/4 pounds ripe nectarines (about 6), peeled and cut into 1/2-inch wedges; 2/3 cup firmly packed light brown sugar; Juice of 1 lemon; 2 tablespoons cornstarch; 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract; 1/4 teaspoon kosher salt; 1 cup raspberries; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, cut into small pieces | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: A large rimmed baking sheet and a pizza stone or 2 large rimmed baking sheets; a 1-inch star-shaped cookie cutter For the dough: Combine the flour, granulated sugar and salt in a food processor and pulse until mixed. Add about one third of the chilled butter and process until thoroughly combined (the mixture will be slightly yellow). Add the remaining chilled butter and pulse until the mixture resembles a very coarse meal with pea-size bits of butter. Add the vinegar in a single pulse. Gradually add the ice water through the feed tube, pulsing just until evenly combined. Squ <END>
INPUT: American, frittata, eggs, jack cheese, kosher salt, pepper, vegetable oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Asparagus and Jack Cheese Frittata | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 8 large eggs; 1/2 cup shredded jack cheese; 1 teaspoon kosher salt; Freshly ground black pepper; 1 tablespoon vegetable oil; 1 tablespoon butter; 1 pound asparagus, trimmed, cut on diagonal into 1/4-inch pieces (about 3 cups); 3 tablespoons roughly chopped fresh cilantro leaves; Serving suggestion: basic green salad | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Heat the broiler to high and arrange rack in upper third. In a large bowl, whisk together eggs, cheese, salt, and freshly ground black pepper until thoroughly combined. In a large ovenproof frying pan, heat the oil and the butter over medium-high heat. When it foams, add asparagus, season well with salt and freshly ground black pepper, and cook, stirring occasionally, until cooked through, about 5 minutes. Stir in the cilantro. Reduce heat to low, pour in egg mixture, and cook until a 1-inch border of egg mixture is firm, about 3 minutes. (The center of the fritt <END>
INPUT: water, mint leaves, loose leaf Chinese, sugar mild honey
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mint Tea | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 cups water; 1/2 cup packed mint leaves; 2 tablespoons loose-leaf Chinese gunpowder tea or green tea; 6 tablespoons sugar or mild honey, or to taste | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring water to a vigorous boil. Tear mint leaves and put in a teapot. Gently bruise mint with a wooden spoon to release oils, then add tea leaves, sugar, and boiling water. Cover and let steep 10 minutes. Bring water to a vigorous boil. Tear mint leaves and put in a teapot. Gently bruise mint with a wooden spoon to release oils, then add tea leaves, sugar, and boiling water. Cover and let steep 10 minutes. <END>
INPUT: American, sandwiches, chuck roast, Kosher salt lots, EVOO, garlic, onions
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mustard and Brown Sugar BBQ Beef Sandwiches | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 3 pounds chuck roast; Kosher salt and lots of coarse black pepper; 2 tablespoons EVOO, plus some for drizzling; 4 cloves garlic, thinly sliced; 2 onions, thinly sliced; 1 cup ketchup; 1 cup cloudy apple cider; 1 cup beef stock; About 1/3 cup Worcestershire sauce; About 1/3 cup dark brown sugar, lightly packed; About 1/2 cup grainy Dijon mustard; One (28-ounce) can stewed tomatoes; Crumbled super sharp white Cheddar or Stilton blue cheese; Celery Slaw, recipe follows; 12 hamburger or sandwich rolls of choice | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Bring the meat to room temperature, pat dry and sprinkle liberally with salt and pepper. Heat a large Dutch oven over medium heat with EVOO. Add the garlic and onions, season with salt and pepper and cook to soften, 5 to 7 minutes. Add the ketchup, cider, beef stock, Worcestershire, brown sugar, Dijon and tomatoes. Simmer to begin to thicken and combine, 10 to 12 minutes more. Slide in the beef and cover with sauce. Cover the pot and simmer over low heat (or in a 300 degree F oven) about 3 hours, stirring occasionally on the stovetop. Remove the meat and cut into <END>
INPUT: Italian, parmigiana, each parsley basil, salt, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Veal Parmigiana | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cups dry, unseasoned bread crumbs; 1 cup, plus 4 tablespoons grated Parmesan cheese; 1 tablespoon each minced fresh parsley and basil; 1 teaspoon salt; 1/2 teaspoon ground black pepper; 2 large eggs; 1 teaspoon water; 1/2 cup all-purpose flour; 8 veal scallops; 1/3 cup olive oil; 1 1/2 cups tomato sauce; 8 slices mozzarella cheese | INSTRUCTIONS: Position a rack in the center of the oven. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees. Combine the bread crumbs, 1/2 cup of the Parmesan cheese, fresh herbs, salt and pepper in a pie plate. Set aside. In a shallow bowl, whisk the eggs and water. Set aside. On a plate, spread the all-purpose flour. Coat the veal scallops with the flour and shake off the excess. Dip in the egg mixture and then coat with the bread crumb mixture, patting with your fingers to make the crumbs adhere. Heat olive oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Add the veal and saute until lightly browned, 2 to 3 minutes. Using ton <END>
INPUT: cowboy, pinto beans, bacon, bell peppers, onion, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cowboy Bacon Beans | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 cups dry pinto beans; 1 pound thick-cut bacon, cut into pieces; 2 whole green bell peppers, diced; 1 whole onion, diced; 1 cup brown sugar; 1/4 cup ketchup; 2 tablespoons mustard; 1 tablespoon chili powder, optional; 2 teaspoons salt, more to taste; 2 teaspoons black pepper, more to taste; 4 cloves garlic, minced | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Rinse the beans under cold water, sorting out any rocks/particles. Set aside. In a heavy pot (cast iron), saute the bacon pieces until halfway cooked and the fat is rendered. Add the green peppers and onions to the pot and cook until starting to get brown, about 3 minutes. Add the beans and cover with water by 1 inch. Bring to a boil, and then add the brown sugar, ketchup, mustard, chili powder, salt, pepper and garlic. Reduce the heat to a simmer, place on the lid and cook until the beans are tender and the liquid is thick 3 to 4 hours. <END>
INPUT: Asian, kabobs, chicken breasts, Lawry's® Teriyaki Marinade, zucchini, bell pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Teriyaki Chicken Kabobs | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound boneless skinless chicken breasts, cut into 1-inch cubes; ¾ cup Lawry's® Teriyaki Marinade with Pineapple Juice, divided; 2 zucchini, cut in ½-inch cubes; 1 red bell pepper, cut into 1-inch pieces; 1 green bell pepper; 1 can (8 ounces) pineapple slices, drained and cut into 1-inch pieces | INSTRUCTIONS: 1.Place chicken in large resealable plastic bag or glass dish. Add ½ cup of the marinade; turn to coat well. 2.Refrigerate 30 minutes or longer for extra flavor. Remove chicken from marinade. Discard any remaining marinade. Alternately thread chicken, vegetables and pineapple onto 8 skewers. 3.Grill kabobs over medium heat 10 to 15 minutes or until chicken is cooked through and vegetables are tender, turning occasionally and brushing with remaining ¼ cup marinade. <END>
INPUT: chunnel, cake, vanilla gelato, dulce de leche, Malted milk powder, granulated sugar, cinnamon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chunnel Cake Sandwiches with Dulce de Leche Gelato | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pint vanilla gelato, softened; 1/4 cup dulce de leche, plus more for drizzling; Malted milk powder, optional; 3/4 cup granulated sugar; 1 teaspoon cinnamon; 3 cups all-purpose flour; 1 1/2 teaspoons baking powder; 1 teaspoon orange zest; 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt; 1 1/2 cups milk; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 2 eggs; Vegetable oil, for frying | INSTRUCTIONS: For the gelato: Scoop the softened gelato into a large mixing bowl. Using a rubber spatula, fold in the dulce de leche and malted powder to taste, if using. Transfer to an airtight container and refreeze for 2 hours. For the chunnel cakes: Mix together 1/2 cup of the granulated sugar and the cinnamon in a small bowl. Set aside. In a mixing bowl, whisk together the flour, baking powder, orange zest, salt and the remaining 1/4 cup sugar. In a separate bowl, whisk together the milk, olive oil and eggs. Make a well in the center of the flour mixture and pour in the wet ingredients, stirring to cre <END>
INPUT: American, mousse, torte, Chambord, unflavored gelatin
OUTPUT: TITLE: Frozen White Chocolate and Raspberry Mousse Torte | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 (9-ounce) box chocolate wafer cookies, broken into pieces; 1/2 cup (1 stick) unsalted butter, melted; 1/3 cup Chambord (black raspberry-flavored liqueur) or crème de cassis (black currant-flavored liqueur); 1 1/2 teaspoons unflavored gelatin; 2 (12-ounce) packages frozen unsweetened raspberries, thawed, drained, juices reserved; 1/2 cup sugar; 12 ounces good-quality white chocolate (such as Lindt or Baker's finely chopped; 2 cups chilled whipping cream; 3/4 cup powdered sugar; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; 1 1/2-pint basket raspberries; Chocolate Leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: For crust: Finely grind cookie pieces in processor. Add butter; blend until crumbs are moist. Press mixture onto bottom and halfway up sides of 9-inch-diameter springform pan with 2 3/4-inch-high sides. Freeze while preparing mousse. Finely grind cookie pieces in processor. Add butter; blend until crumbs are moist. Press mixture onto bottom and halfway up sides of 9-inch-diameter springform pan with 2 3/4-inch-high sides. Freeze while preparing mousse. For mousse: Place liqueur in heavy medium saucepan. Sprinkle gelatin over liqueur; let stand until gelatin softens, about 20 minutes. Press ras <END>
INPUT: Asian, cornstarch, oyster sauce, dark soy sauce, Asian sesame oil, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Clams with Black Beans | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon cornstarch; 2 1/2 tablespoons oyster sauce*; 1 teaspoon dark soy sauce*; 1 teaspoon Asian sesame oil*; 1 teaspoon sugar; A pinch of white pepper; 30 small (about 2 inches) hard-shelled clams, scrubbed well; 3 tablespoons peanut oil; 2 tablespoons shredded peeled fresh gingerroot; 1 tablespoon minced garlic; 2 tablespoons dried fermented black beans*, rinsed well and drained; 3 tablespoons thinly sliced white part of scallion | INSTRUCTIONS: Make the sauce: In a small bowl dissolve the cornstarch in 3/4 cup cold water and stir in the oyster sauce, the soy sauce, the oil, the sugar and the white pepper. In a wok or kettle bring 8 cups water to a boil, add the clams and boil them, stirring occasionally, for 4 to 7 minutes, or until they begin to open, transferring them as soon as they open with a slotted spoon to a large bowl. Discard any unopened clams and the cooking liquid. In the wok, dried and heated, heat the oil over high heat until it just begins to smoke, add the gingerroot, the garlic and the black beans and stir-fry the m <END>
INPUT: wrapped, dates, heavy cream, cheese, bacon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Bacon-Wrapped Dates | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 24 large pitted dates; 2 tablespoons heavy cream; 1/2 cup blue cheese, at room temperature; 1 pound thick-cut bacon (12 slices) | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Slice the dates lengthwise three-quarters of the way down. In a small bowl, press the cream into the blue cheese with a fork. Press a small scoop of the blue cheese into the center of the dates and close them back up. Cut each piece of bacon in half. Wrap each halved bacon strip around a date. Secure with a toothpick. Place the bacon-wrapped dates on a baking sheet. Bake until the bacon is crisp, 15 to 20 minutes. <END>
INPUT: tomatoes, flour, cornmeal, Salt pepper, Bacon drippings oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fried Green Tomatoes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 large green tomatoes; 1/4 cup flour; 2 tablespoons yellow cornmeal; Salt and freshly ground black pepper, to taste; Bacon drippings or oil for frying | INSTRUCTIONS: Wash the tomatoes and cut them into thick slices. Mix the flour, cornmeal, salt, and pepper in a small brown bag or a plastic bag. Heat the bacon drippings or oil in a large, heavy skillet. Place the tomato slices in the bag and shake them gently until they are coated with the flour and cornmeal mixture. Place the tomato slices in the skillet and fry them a few at a time, turning them often so that they do not stick and are browned on both sides. Drain the slices on paper towels, adjust seasonings, and serve hot with bacon or sausages. <END>
INPUT: garlic, fennel fronds, Salt, virgin olive oil, bulbs fennel
OUTPUT: TITLE: Side of Fennel | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 small clove garlic; 1 cup fennel fronds, chopped; Salt; Extra-virgin olive oil; 2 bulbs fennel, cut into quarters and tough outside layer removed; 1/4 cup water | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. In a mortar and pestle, pound the garlic and fennel fronds. Add salt and a little olive oil to the garlic mixture. Heat a little olive oil in a large pan over medium-high heat and evenly brown the fennel pieces. Transfer the fennel to a baking sheet and rub with the garlic mixture. Add the water and cover with aluminum foil. Bake until you can pierce the fennel with a fork. Remove the foil and finish roasting until all the liquid has cooked away. This recipe was provided by professional chefs and has been scaled down from a bulk recipe provided by a restauran <END>
INPUT: gravy, grapeseed vegetable oil, pork sausage, porcini mushrooms, Salt peppercorns, all purpose flour
OUTPUT: TITLE: Porcini and Sausage Gravy | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons grapeseed or vegetable oil; 1/2 pound pork sausage, removed from casings; 2 ounces fresh porcini mushrooms, roughly chopped; Salt and freshly cracked black peppercorns; 1 tablespoon all-purpose flour; 2 cups heavy cream | INSTRUCTIONS: Set a 2-quart saucepan on medium heat and add the oil. Once the oil is hot and shimmering, add the sausage and cook, breaking the sausage up with a wooden spoon, until it has rendered out and become browned and crispy, 6 to 8 minutes. Add the porcini and a pinch of salt. When the mushrooms have released their liquid, scrape up the fond on the bottom of the pan, and then add the flour, stirring to coat all the ingredients. Continue gently stirring for about 1 minute and then add the cream, bring to a boil and then reduce to a gentle simmer. Simmer until the gravy is thickened and coats the back <END>
INPUT: slow, cooker, paprika, rosemary, garlic powder, kosher salt, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Easy Slow-Cooker Pot Roast | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 tablespoon paprika; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh rosemary; 2 teaspoons garlic powder; 1 teaspoon kosher salt; 1 teaspoon black pepper; 2 pounds boneless chuck roast, trimmed; 1 tablespoon extra virgin olive oil; 2 cups whole baby carrots; 1 medium onion, cut into large dice; 3 stalks celery, chopped; 8 red new potatoes, quartered; 2 1/2 cups low-sodium beef broth (I like Pacific Organic); 2 tablespoons balsamic vinegar; 1 tablespoon minced garlic; 2 bay leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: To make the rub: In a small bowl, combine the paprika, rosemary, garlic powder, salt, and pepper. To make the beef: Pat the chuck roast dry with a paper towel to remove excess moisture. Evenly pat the rub on all sides of the roast. In a large skillet, heat the olive oil over high heat. Add the seasoned roast and sear on each side for 2 to 3 minutes. Transfer the roast to a slow cooker. Place the carrots, onion, celery, and potatoes around the roast. In a small bowl, whisk together the beef broth, vinegar, and garlic. Add the beef broth mixture and the bay leaves to the slow cooker. Cover and c <END>
INPUT: puree, butter, olive oil, onion, parsnips, russet potatoes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Parsnip, Potato, and Turnip Puree | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 tablespoons butter, divided; 3 tablespoons olive oil; 1 1/4 cups finely chopped onion; 1 1/2 pounds parsnips, peeled, cut into 1/2- to 3/4-inch cubes; 1 1/2 pounds russet potatoes, peeled, cut into 1/2- to 3/4-inch cubes; 1 pound turnips, peeled, cut into 1/2- to 3/4-inch cubes; 2 garlic cloves, chopped; 2 cups vegetable broth; 2 tablespoons (1 ounce) cream cheese; 4 tablespoons chopped fresh dill, divided; 1/2 cup panko (Japanese breadcrumbs); Ingredient info: Panko can be found in the Asian foods section of many supermarkets | INSTRUCTIONS: Melt 3 tablespoons butter with oil in large pot over medium heat. Add onion; sauté until soft, about 5 minutes. Add parsnips, potatoes, and turnips; stir 4 minutes. Add garlic; stir 1 minute. Add broth; bring to boil. Cover; reduce heat to medium-low. Simmer until vegetables are tender, about 15 minutes. Using slotted spoon, transfer vegetables to large bowl. Pour cooking broth into small bowl; reserve. Add cream cheese to vegetables. Using electric mixer, beat vegetables to smooth puree. Add 2 tablespoons butter-oil mixture from top of broth to vegetables. Stir in 2 tablespoons dill. Season w <END>
INPUT: cupcakes, sugared, cranberries, sugar, water, all purpose flour, unsweetened cocoa powder
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spice Cupcakes with Sugared Cranberries | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 24 cranberries (thawed and drained if frozen); 3/4 cup sugar; 1/2 cup water; 1 1/4 cups all-purpose flour; 1 tablespoon unsweetened cocoa powder; 1/2 teaspoon ground allspice; 1/4 teaspoon ground cloves; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 1/2 cup molasses; 1/2 cup sugar; 1/2 cup vegetable oil; 1/2 teaspoon pure vanilla extract; 1 teaspoon baking soda; 1/2 cup boiling water; 1 large egg, lightly beaten | INSTRUCTIONS: Make the sugared cranberries: Put the cranberries in a medium bowl. Bring 1/2 cup sugar and the water to a simmer in a small saucepan over medium-high heat; cook, stirring, until the sugar dissolves, about 2 minutes. Pour over the cranberries and set aside 1 hour. Drain the cranberries, then toss with the remaining 1/4 cup sugar. Spread the cranberries and sugar on a baking sheet and set aside to dry, rolling occasionally in the sugar to coat, 2 to 3 hours. Meanwhile, make the cupcakes: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line a 12-cup muffin pan with liners. Whisk the flour, cocoa powder, alls <END>
INPUT: Indian, thai, olive oil, garlic, curry paste, Kafir lime leaves, coconut milk
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pei Mussels with Thai Curry Sauce | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoons olive oil; 2 to 4 garlic cloves minced (depending on size); 3 teaspoons red curry paste; 3 Kafir lime leaves; 1/4 cup coconut milk; 1 cup chicken stock; 1 teaspoon Sambel olek chili paste; 2 teaspoon fish sauce; Salt/lime juice to taste; 2 pounds of mussels; Coarsely chopped cilantro for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Curry Sauce: Heat olive oil in saute pan on medium high heat. Saute garlic until opaque. Add red curry paste and lime leaf and saute. Add coconut milk. Reduce heat, simmer and reduce sauce by one third. Add chicken stock, sambal olek and fish sauce. Simmer and reduce by half (15 to 20 minutes). Remove lime leaf. Season with salt and pepper to taste. Mussels: Combine 1/2 cup of sauce for every half pound of mussels in a saucepan over medium heat to pan steam until opened. Arrange mussels in a bowl. Add lime juice over mussels and chopped cilantro for garnish and serve. <END>
INPUT: Indian, Thai Ginger Marinade, curry paste, dark sugar, wine
OUTPUT: TITLE: Coconut Curry Mussels | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons Thai Ginger Marinade; 1 tablespoon red curry paste; 2 tablespoons dark brown sugar; 1 (13.5 ounce) can coconut milk (shake before using); 1/2 cup white wine; 2 tablespoons chopped garlic; 3 tablespoons butter; 1 pound fresh or frozen mussels*, rinsed, de-bearded and drained | INSTRUCTIONS: In a medium saucepan over medium-high heat heat, whisk together the marinade, curry paste, brown sugar, coconut milk, white wine, and 1 tablespoon of the garlic. Bring to a boil, lower the heat, and simmer until sauce thickens and is reduced by half, about 20 minutes. Remove from heat and set aside, keeping warm. Heat the butter in a large saute pan over medium-high heat. Add mussels and the remaining 1 tablespoon garlic and stir well to coat the mussels. Add the reserved sauce to mussels, cover and let simmer until mussels start to open, about 3 to 5 minutes. Transfer to a shallow bowl, disca <END>
INPUT: c. salted, c. unsalted soy, c. agave syrup, Blackening Spice Blend
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spicy Soy Nut-Pretzel Mix | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 1/2 c. salted, small pretzel sticks; 2 1/2 c. unsalted soy nuts (or any other raw nuts or combination of raw nuts, if desired); 1/4 c. agave syrup or honey; 2 1/2 Tbsp. Blackening Spice Blend | INSTRUCTIONS: PREHEAT the oven to 375° F. Lightly coat a baking sheet with vegetable cooking spray. COMBINE all the ingredients in a large bowl and toss to coat evenly with the spices. Bake the mix until deep brown in color, 30 to 34 minutes. Remove from the oven and let cool on the baking sheet. (The mixture will also crisp as it cools.) TRANSFER the mix to a decorative bowl and serve at room temperature. PREHEAT the oven to 375° F. Lightly coat a baking sheet with vegetable cooking spray. COMBINE all the ingredients in a large bowl and toss to coat evenly with the spices. Bake the mix until deep brown in  <END>
INPUT: Indian, spiced, glaze, virgin olive oil, cumin, coriander, cinnamon, fennel seed
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spiced Capon with Pomegranate Glaze | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, plus more for brushing; 2 teaspoons ground cumin; 2 teaspoons ground coriander; 2 teaspoons ground cinnamon; 2 teaspoons ground fennel seed; 2 teaspoons paprika; 1 8- to 9-pound capon or turkey, giblets removed; Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper; 2 heads garlic, halved horizontally; 2 lemons, halved; 1/2 cup pomegranate molasses; 2 teaspoons Dijon mustard; 3 cups low-sodium chicken broth; 1 large onion, roughly chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine the olive oil, cumin, coriander, cinnamon, ground fennel and paprika in a small bowl. Pat the capon dry with paper towels and place on a baking sheet. Rub the spiced oil all over the skin and inside the cavity. Season inside and out with salt and pepper. Stuff the garlic and lemons inside the cavity. Cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate overnight. Remove the capon from the refrigerator and uncover about 30 minutes before roasting. Whisk the pomegranate molasses and mustard in a small bowl; set aside. Position a rack in the lower third of the oven and preheat to 450 degrees F. Set a  <END>
INPUT: molten, pots, unsalted butter, sugar, semisweet chocolate, vanilla extract, cinnamon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Molten Chocolate Cinnamon Pots | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 8 tablespoons unsalted butter, plus extra for ramekins; 1 cup sugar, plus 1 tablespoon, for ramekins; 10 ounces semisweet chocolate; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 4 large eggs; 1 large egg yolk; 2 tablespoons all-purpose flour | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Powdered sugar, for dusting Special Equipment: Mixer with whisk attachment and 8 (4-ounce) ramekins Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Coat 8 (4-ounce) ramekins with butter. Add the 1 tablespoon of sugar into 1 ramekin. Swirl to coat, then tap out the excess sugar into another ramekin. Repeat the process until all of the ramekins have been coated. Set aside. In a double boiler, over low heat, add the remaining 8 tablespoons of butter and the chocolate, stirring occasionally, until melted and combined. Fold in the vanilla extract, cinnamon, and salt. Set aside. In <END>
INPUT: Italian, sauce, porcini, hot water, olive oil, onion, pancetta
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pappardelle with Mushrooms and Tomato Cream Sauce | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 oz dried porcini* (1/4 cup); 1/2 cup hot water; 3 tablespoons olive oil; 1 medium onion, chopped; 2 oz sliced pancetta, chopped; 1 large garlic clove, minced; 10 oz fresh white mushrooms, thinly sliced; 1/3 cup medium-dry Sherry; 1 (28- to 32-oz) can whole tomatoes in juice, chopped, reserving juice; 2 Turkish bay leaves or 1 California; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/4 teaspoon black pepper; 2 cups heavy cream; 1 lb dried pappardelle or fettuccine; 1/3 cup chopped fresh basil leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: Soak porcini in hot water until softened, about 30 minutes. Lift out porcini, squeezing excess liquid back into bowl, then rinse porcini to remove any grit and finely chop. Pour soaking liquid through a sieve lined with a dampened paper towel into a small bowl and reserve. Heat oil in a 4- to 5-quart heavy pot over moderately high heat until hot but not smoking, then sauté onion and pancetta, stirring, until golden, about 6 minutes. Add garlic and fresh mushrooms and sauté, stirring, until liquid mushrooms give off is evaporated and mushrooms are lightly browned, about 5 minutes. Stir in porci <END>
INPUT: Mexican, wraps, flour tortillas, cream cheese, salsa, asparagus spears
OUTPUT: TITLE: Asparagus Wraps | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 package flour tortillas; 1 package cream cheese, softened at room temperature; 1 jar salsa; 12 asparagus spears, blanched and shocked in cold water | INSTRUCTIONS: Spread a tortilla with a layer of cream cheese and then a layer of salsa. Place an asparagus spear at the edge of the tortilla and roll tightly. Chill, seam side down, covered with a slightly damp paper towel and plastic wrap.. When ready to serve, cut on the bias in 1 1/2-inch slices, discarding uneven ends, and arrange on a serving platter. <END>
INPUT: puddings, purchased caramel sauce, fine sea salt, sandwich bread, bananas, eggs
OUTPUT: TITLE: Caramel-Banana Bread Puddings | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cups purchased caramel sauce; 1/4 teaspoon plus 1/8 teaspoon fine sea salt; 8 5x3 1/2-inch slices white sandwich bread (such as buttermilk or potato bread), very lightly toasted; 3 medium bananas, peeled, thinly sliced on diagonal into 1 1/2-inch ovals; 4 large eggs; 1 1/2 cups half and half; 1/3 cup whole milk; 2 1/2 tablespoons sugar, divided; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat broiler. Butter eight 3/4-cup ramekins. Mix caramel sauce and 1/4 teaspoon sea salt in small bowl. Spoon 1 generous tablespoon caramel into each ramekin. Place bread on rimmed baking sheet. Spread 1 generous tablespoon caramel over each bread slice. Broil until caramel is bubbling and slightly darker, watching to avoid burning, 1 to 2 minutes. Cool. Cut each bread slice into 6 squares, for 48 pieces total. Set 1 banana slice on each bread square. Arrange 6 banana-topped bread squares standing on edge, side by side in each prepared ramekin, fitting snugly. Whisk eggs, half and half, mil <END>
INPUT: chicken, Kosher salt pepper, canola vegetable oil, button mushrooms, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken Marsala with Mushrooms | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: One 4- to 5-pound chicken (organic and free range, if possible), cut into 10 pieces; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 3 tablespoons canola or vegetable oil; 4 cups sliced white button mushrooms; 2 cloves garlic, minced; 1/2 medium onion, finely diced; 1 tablespoon tomato paste; 3 sprigs fresh thyme; 1 cup dry marsala; 1 1/2 cups low-sodium chicken broth; 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, chilled, cut into cubes; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; Juice of 1/2 lemon; 2 to 3 tablespoons chopped fresh Italian parsley; Chardonnay, for serving | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Pat the chicken pieces dry with a paper towel and sprinkle all over with salt and pepper. Set a turkey roaster pan over 2 burners on medium heat and add the canola oil. Brown the chicken, skin-side down first, 3 to 4 minutes, then turn and brown on the other side, 2 to 3 minutes longer. Remove from the pan and set aside. Add a little more of the oil to the pan on high heat and add the mushrooms, garlic and onions. Season with salt and cook just long enough to get some color on the mushrooms, 2 to 3 minutes. Stir in the tomato paste and thyme and cook about 1  <END>
INPUT: soup, virgin olive oil, leeks, celery, carrots, parsnips
OUTPUT: TITLE: Turkey-Escarole Soup with Farfalline | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 2 leeks (white and light green parts only), thinly sliced; 3 stalks celery, chopped; 3 carrots, chopped; 2 parsnips, chopped; 4 quarts Turkey Broth, recipe follows; Kosher salt; 1 small head escarole, chopped; 2 wide strips lemon zest (removed with a vegetable peeler); 3 cups chopped leftover roast turkey (skin removed); 1 cup farfalline or other small pasta; Juice of 1/2 lemon; 1/4 cup chopped fresh dill and/or parsley (optional); 1 turkey carcass (from a roasted bird); 2 onions, cut into chunks | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat the olive oil in a Dutch oven or large pot over medium heat. Add the leeks, celery, carrots and parsnips and cook, stirring occasionally, 10 minutes. Add the broth and bring to a simmer. Season with salt and simmer until the vegetables are tender, about 20 minutes. Add the escarole and lemon zest to the pot and simmer until the escarole is tender, about 10 more minutes. Add the turkey and pasta and cook until the pasta is partially cooked, about 4 minutes. (The pasta will continue cooking in the hot soup.) Remove from the heat and stir in the lemon juice. Discard the lemon zest and top wi <END>
INPUT: pecan, herb, fennel bulb, plum tomatoes, julienned bell pepper, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Pecan and Herb-Crusted Salmon | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 small fennel bulb, cored and thinly sliced; 2 plum tomatoes, cored and cut in half lengthwise; 1/2 cup julienned yellow bell pepper; 1/2 cup julienned green bell pepper; 1/2 cup sliced red onion; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt; 1/8 teaspoon garlic powder; 1/8 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 2 tablespoons chopped fennel fronds (all stems or stalks removed); 2 tablespoons chopped fresh basil leaves; 1 1/2 tablespoons Dijon mustard; 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt; 1/8 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 4 (8-ounce) boneless, skinless salmon fillets | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. To make the vegetable mixture: Combine all of the ingredients in shallow roasting pan and toss to mix. Spread the mixture out to form a bed for the salmon. To make the salmon: In a small bowl, mix the fronds, basil, mustard, salt, and pepper. Rub each salmon fillet with the mixture and arrange them over the top of the vegetables. Drizzle the fillets with the vermouth and lemon juice. Combine the melted butter and pecans in a small bowl, and top each fillet with the mixture. Roast the salmon until just cooked thorough and the vegetables are tender, about 15 to 17  <END>
INPUT: biscuits, gravy, baking powder, kosher salt, all purpose flour
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sour Cream Biscuits With Sausage Gravy | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 teaspoons baking powder; 1 teaspoon kosher salt; 2 cups all-purpose flour, plus more; 1/2 cup (1 stick) chilled unsalted butter, cut into pieces; plus; 2 tablespoons, melted; 1/2 cup sour cream; 1/2 cup whole milk; 8 ounces breakfast sausage links, chopped; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1/4 cup all-purpose flour; 2 1/2 cups whole milk; Kosher salt, freshly ground pepper; A 2 1/4"-diameter biscuit cutter | INSTRUCTIONS: Biscuits: Preheat oven to 425°F. Whisk baking powder, salt, and 2 cups flour in a large bowl to combine. Using a pastry cutter or your fingers, work chilled butter into dry ingredients until mixture resembles coarse meal. Using a wooden spoon or fork, mix in sour cream and milk until a shaggy dough forms. Turn out dough onto a lightly floured surface and knead a few times just to bring together. Roll out until 1/4" thick, then fold in half. Roll dough out again until 1/4" thick, then fold in half again. Repeat once more, rolling out to a 3/4"-thick round. Punch out biscuits as close together a <END>
INPUT: Mexican, lemonade, Ice cubes, Meyer lemons, sugar cane syrup, peppermint, lemon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tequila Lemonade | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: Ice cubes, (about 2 cups); 8 Meyer lemons; Dash sugar cane syrup or simple syrup; 4 sprigs fresh peppermint, leaves torn; 1 lemon, sliced into wheels; 4 ounces Tequila; Dash of soda water or seltzer; 2 vanilla beans, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Into a pitcher, put about 2 scoops of ice cubes. Squeeze in the juice of 8 Meyer lemons or 8 regular lemons in a pinch! Add several dashes of sugar cane syrup. Add the leaves of 2 fresh mint sprigs, torn into pieces. Add a few lemon wheels for garnish. Add 4 ounces of Tequila and give it a stir. Place in the refrigerator to chill. When serving, put the ice in tall glasses, and pour the Tequila Lemonade over the top. Top up with a splash of fizzy soda water. Garnish each glass with a wheel of lemon, a vanilla bean, a sprig of mint, and a paper umbrella. <END>
INPUT: microwave, globe artichokes, butter lemon wedges, Vinaigrette salad dressing
OUTPUT: TITLE: Microwave Artichokes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 globe artichokes, about 8 to 12 ounces each; Melted butter and lemon wedges if you are serving them hot; Vinaigrette or salad dressing, if you are serving them chilled | INSTRUCTIONS: Cut off stem and with a sharp knife trim the base so artichokes sit flat. Make a cut across the top of the leaves, parallel to the base. With scissors, trim the leaves so they have straight edges. To cook conventionally, bring a large shallow pan of salted water to a boil. Submerge artichokes, cover tops with a heat proof heavy plate to keep them submerged and cook for 35 to 45 minutes or until a leaf in middle can be pulled out easily. Drain them upside down so water runs out. To cook in microwave, wrap each one individually in microwavable plastic wrap and set them in a round plate. Microwav <END>
INPUT: Italian, scampi, olive oil, shrimp, garlic, hot pepper flakes, wine
OUTPUT: TITLE: Shrimp Scampi Pasta | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup olive oil; 1 lb peeled and deveined large shrimp (raw; 20 to 25 per lb); 4 large garlic cloves, left unpeeled and forced through a garlic press; 1/2 teaspoon dried hot red-pepper flakes; 1/2 cup dry white wine; 1 teaspoon salt; 1/2 teaspoon black pepper; 5 tablespoons unsalted butter; 3/4 lb capellini (angel-hair pasta); 1/2 cup chopped fresh flat-leaf parsley | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring a 6- to 8-quart pot of salted water to a boil. Meanwhile, heat oil in a 12-inch heavy skillet over moderately high heat until hot but not smoking, then sauté shrimp, turning over once, until just cooked through, about 2 minutes, and transfer with a slotted spoon to a large bowl. Add garlic to oil remaining in skillet along with red pepper flakes, wine, salt, and pepper and cook over high heat, stirring occasionally, 1 minute. Add butter to skillet, stirring until melted, and stir in shrimp. Remove skillet from heat. Cook pasta in boiling water until just tender, about 3 minutes. Reserve  <END>
INPUT: Italian, bake, spaghetti squash, Mozzarella, spaghetti sauce, basil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spaghetti Squash Bake | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 spaghetti squash; 4 ounces Mozzarella; 1 jar spaghetti sauce; 2 teaspoons dry basil | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Slice squash in half and place fleshside down in a baking dish. Add 1/4-inch of water. Bake for 40 minutes, or until tender and remove. Rake squash with a fork, creating "spaghetti" strands. Spoon on sauce, mozzarella, and basil. Place back in oven and bake until cheese begins to bubble. Serve warm <END>
INPUT: Italian, sauce, lemon juice, virgin olive oil, rosemary, garlic, kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lamb Chops with Lemon-Basil Sauce | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup freshly squeezed lemon juice; 1/3 cup extra-virgin olive oil, plus more for sauteing; 6 sprigs fresh rosemary, bruised; 4 cloves garlic, peeled and crushed; 2 teaspoons kosher salt; Freshly ground black pepper; 8 rack lamb chops, trimmed (about 3 ounces each); 1/2 cup white chicken stock; 2 tablespoons butter; 1/2 cup loosely packed basil leaves, plus additional for garnish; 1/4 cup kalamata olives, pitted and coarsely chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: In a dish large enough to hold the lamb chops in a single layer, combine half the lemon juice, 1/3 cup olive oil, the rosemary, garlic, 1 teaspoon of the salt and pepper. Add the lamb, turn to coat with the marinade and set aside for about 15 minutes at room temperature or up to 2 hours in the refrigerator. Preheat a large skillet over medium-high heat, for about 1 minute. Pat the chops dry and season on 1 side with salt and pepper. Add enough oil to lightly coat the surface of the pan. Working in batches if needed, add the chops seasoned side down to the pan. Cook until crisp and brown, about <END>
INPUT: Asian, chicken wings, vegetable oil, sesame oil, kosher salt, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Honey Hoisin Glazed Wings | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 12 chicken wings, wing tips removed, split at the joint; 3 tablespoons vegetable oil; 1 tablespoon toasted sesame oil; 1 teaspoon kosher salt; 1 teaspoon cracked black pepper; 1/4 cup rice vinegar; 2 teaspoons crushed red pepper; 1/2 cup honey; 2 tablespoons hoisin sauce; 1 tablespoon soy sauce; 2 scallions, white and green parts, thinly sliced; 2 teaspoons black and white sesame seeds, for serving | INSTRUCTIONS: Arrange an oven rack in the lower third of the oven and preheat the broiler. Toss the chicken with the vegetable and sesame oil and sprinkle with the salt and pepper in a large mixing bowl. Arrange the chicken on a wire rack set over a rimmed baking sheet. Broil the chicken, turning after 10 minutes, until the chicken is golden brown, crisp and cooked through, about 15 minutes. Meanwhile, combine the vinegar and crushed red pepper in a small saucepan and bring to a simmer. Remove the saucepan from the heat and whisk in the honey, hoisin and soy sauce. Pour into an extra-large bowl. Add the chi <END>
INPUT: Asian, stir, Vegetable oil, sesame oil, garlic, ginger
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken Stir-Fry with Peanut Sauce Over Rice | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: Vegetable-oil cooking spray; 6 oz boneless, skinless chicken breast, sliced; 1 tsp sesame oil; 2 cloves garlic, minced; 1 tsp minced fresh ginger; 3 1/2 cups of your favorite vegetables, chopped; 1 1/2 tbsp peanut butter; 1 tsp low-sodium soy sauce; 1 tbsp rice vinegar; Hot chile sauce (to taste) | INSTRUCTIONS: Coat a nonstick pan with cooking spray; sauté chicken over medium-high heat until cooked through. Remove from pan. Add oil and sauté garlic and ginger until garlic is golden. Add vegetables; cook until tender. Return chicken to pan; stir-fry 3 minutes. For the sauce, whisk 1 1/2 tbsp hot (not boiling) tap water into peanut butter to blend. Add soy sauce, vinegar, and hot sauce and mix. Divide stir-fry and sauce onto 2 plates. Serve each over 3/4 cup brown rice. Coat a nonstick pan with cooking spray; sauté chicken over medium-high heat until cooked through. Remove from pan. Add oil and sauté g <END>
INPUT: Italian, flour, vegetable oil, butter, roux
OUTPUT: TITLE: Veal Mozzarella | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 12 (2-ounce) medallions milk-fed veal, pounded thin; 2 cups flour; 2 cups vegetable oil; 1/2 pound butter; 2 tablespoons roux, recipe follows; 1/4 cup sherry; 24 slices mozzarella, sliced thin; 16 ounces chicken broth; 6 rounded tablespoons flour; 4 ounces water | INSTRUCTIONS: Dredge veal in flour. Saute veal in oil for 2 minutes on each side. When done, drain oil, add butter, roux and sherry. Bring to a boil lower heat and simmer for 2 minutes, stirring constantly. At this point, layer 2 mozzarella slices on each piece of veal. Put pan under broiler to melt cheese. Serve 3 pieces of veal on each plate, spoon sauce over all. In mixing bowl, add flour to water while whisking. Mixture must be smooth, with no lumps. Bring chicken broth to a boil. When boiling, whisk in flour mixture, again making sure there are no lumps. Allow to cool, then store, covered, in the refri <END>
INPUT: baskets, mousse, mangoes, honey, water, unflavored gelatin
OUTPUT: TITLE: Puff Pastry Baskets with Honey Mousse and Assorted Fruit | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 large ripe mangoes, peeled, pitted, sliced; 2 tablespoons honey; 1/3 cup (about) mango nectar; 1 tablespoon water; 1 teaspoon unflavored gelatin; 1/4 cup honey; 4 egg yolks; 2/3 cup chilled whipping cream; 1/3 cup chilled crème fraîche or sour cream; 3 tablespoons sugar; 1/4 teaspoon (generous) ground allspice; 1 17 1/4-ounce package (2 sheets) frozen puff pastry, thawed; 1/2 pineapple, peeled, cored, sliced; 1 mango, halved, peeled, sliced; 2 kiwi fruits, peeled, sliced | INSTRUCTIONS: For Sauce: Puree 2 mangoes and 2 tablespoons honey in processor. Cover and refrigerate until well chilled, about 1 hour. Add mango nectar as needed to thin to sauce consistency. (Sauce can be made 1 day ahead. Keep refrigerated.) Puree 2 mangoes and 2 tablespoons honey in processor. Cover and refrigerate until well chilled, about 1 hour. Add mango nectar as needed to thin to sauce consistency. (Sauce can be made 1 day ahead. Keep refrigerated.) For Mousse: Place 1 tablespoon water in 1/4-cup measuring cup. Sprinkle gelatin over. Let soften 10 minutes. Whisk honey and yolks in small metal bowl. <END>
INPUT: oatmeal, bars, stemmed figs, water, sugar, salt, lemon juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Oatmeal, Fig, and Walnut Bars | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups chopped stemmed dried figs (10 to 11 ounces); 1 cup water; 6 tablespoons sugar; Pinch of salt; 1 1/2 teaspoons fresh lemon juice; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; 1 cup walnuts, toasted, coarsely chopped; Nonstick vegetable oil spray; 1 3/4 cups old-fashioned oats; 13/4 cups all purpose flour; 1 1/4 cups (packed) dark brown sugar; 2 teaspoons ground cinnamon; 1 teaspoon baking soda; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1 cup (2 sticks) chilled vegan "butter" (such as Earth Balance) or margarine, cut into 1/2-inch cubes | INSTRUCTIONS: For filling: Combine first 4 ingredients in heavy medium saucepan. Bring to simmer over medium heat, stirring until sugar dissolves. Reduce heat to low. Cover and simmer 5 minutes. Uncover and simmer until figs are very soft and filling is thick, stirring often, about 10 minutes. Mix in lemon juice and vanilla, then walnuts. Cool completely. DO AHEAD: Can be made 1 day ahead. Cover and chill. Bring to room temperature before using. Combine first 4 ingredients in heavy medium saucepan. Bring to simmer over medium heat, stirring until sugar dissolves. Reduce heat to low. Cover and simmer 5 minut <END>
INPUT: vegetable, slaw, each kabocha butternut, celery root, lemon juice, flat leaf parsley
OUTPUT: TITLE: Squash and Root Vegetable Slaw | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cups each shredded raw kabocha or butternut squash, rutabaga, and sweet potato; 1 1/2 cups shredded raw celery root; Fresh lemon juice; 2 peeled, quartered, cored apples cut into matchstick-size pieces; 1 cup flat-leaf parsley leaves; 1/2 cup 1" pieces chives; 3/4 cup Granny Smith Apple Cider Vinaigrette | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine 1 1/2 cups each shredded raw kabocha or butternut squash, rutabaga, and sweet potato in a large resealable plastic bag. Place 1 1/2 cups shredded raw celery root in a large bowl of water with a squeeze of fresh lemon juice to prevent browning; cover. Chill shredded vegetables overnight. Drain celery root. Transfer shredded vegetables to a large bowl. Add 2 peeled, quartered, cored apples cut into matchstick-size pieces (we love crisp, balanced Fuji). Add 1 cup flat-leaf parsley leaves and 1/2 cup 1" pieces chives. Add 3/4 cup Granny Smith Apple Cider Vinaigrette; toss to coat. Add more <END>
INPUT: Mexican, nachos, leftover roast turkey, lime juice, Salt pepper, vegetable oil, bell peppers
OUTPUT: TITLE: Turkey Nachos | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 pound leftover roast turkey meat, shredded; 1 1/2 tablespoons fresh lime juice; Salt and pepper; 2 tablespoons vegetable oil; 3 bell peppers (preferably red and orange), finely chopped; 1 garlic clove, finely chopped; 1/4 teaspoon ground cumin; 1 teaspoon dried oregano, crumbled; 1 (15 to 16-ounce) can black beans, rinsed and drained; 4 ounces corn tortilla chips (not low-fat); 2 cups grated jalapeno Jack cheese (8 ounces); 1/4 cup chopped scallion greens; 1/2 cup chopped fresh cilantro leaves; 1 cup sour cream; 2 to 3 teaspoons finely chopped pickled jalapeno | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 450 degrees F. Toss turkey with lime juice and season with salt and pepper. Heat 1 1/2 tablespoons oil in a 10-inch heavy skillet over moderately high heat until hot but not smoking, then cook bell peppers, stirring, until crisp-tender, about 3 minutes. Transfer to a bowl. Heat remaining 1/2 tablespoon oil in skillet over moderate heat and cook garlic, cumin, and oregano, stirring, 1 minute. Add the beans and cook, stirring, until heated through, about 1 minute. Season with salt and pepper. Make 2 layers each of corn chips, sauteed peppers, beans, turkey, cheese, scallion, and  <END>
INPUT: winning, cupcakes, all purpose flour, baking powder, fine salt, sugar, canola oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Winning Recipe Raspberry Cupcakes with Champagne Buttercream Frosting | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 1/3 cups all-purpose flour; 1 tablespoon baking powder; 3/4 teaspoon fine salt; 1 1/2 cups white sugar; 1/2 cup canola oil; 2 eggs; 1 1/2 cups whole milk; 1/2 teaspoon raspberry extract; 2 tablespoons pureed fresh raspberries; Champagne Buttercream Frosting, recipe follows; 1 pound unsalted butter, room temperature; 6 cups powdered sugar; 4 tablespoons Champagne, or 1 tablespoon Champagne flavoring | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Line a regular-size cupcake pan with 18 cupcake liners. Sift together the flour, baking powder, salt, and sugar. In the bowl of an electric stand mixer with a paddle attachment, add the sifted dry ingredients and mix on low speed for 30 seconds. Slowly add the oil to the mixture until fine crumbs are formed. Add the eggs, milk, raspberry extract, and pureed raspberries and mix on low speed for 1 minute. Stop and scrape the bowl and paddle, and then mix on medium speed for 2 minutes. Fill the cupcake liners three-quarters full with batter and bake until baked  <END>
INPUT: American, lattice, Tender Pie Crust, egg, sugar, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Peach Lattice Pie | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 Tender Pie Crust dough disks; 1 egg white, beaten to blend; 1 cup sugar, divided; 1/2 teaspoon (scant) ground cinnamon; Pinch of salt; 3 1/2 pounds firm but ripe peaches, peeled, halved, pitted, each half cut into 3 wedges; 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice; 1/4 cup water; 2 tablespoons (1/4 stick) unsalted butter; 2 tablespoons whipping cream; 3 tablespoons all purpose flour; 1 egg yolk, beaten to blend with 2 teaspoons water (glaze); 1 tablespoon sugar mixed with 1/4 teaspoon ground cinnamon (cinnamon sugar) | INSTRUCTIONS: Position rack in center of oven and preheat to 375°F. Place foil-lined baking sheet in bottom of oven to catch any spills. Roll out 1 pie crust disk on lightly floured surface to 13 1/2-inch round. Transfer to 9-inch-diameter glass pie dish. Trim overhang to 1 inch. Fold edges under and crimp decoratively, forming high rim (about 1/2 inch above sides of dish). Chill crust 30 minutes. Line crust with foil; fill with dried beans. Bake crust until sides are set and pale golden, about 35 minutes. Transfer to rack; remove foil and beans. Brush warm crust with egg white. Cool completely. Meanwhile,  <END>
INPUT: blackberry, iced, blackberries, granulated sugar, mint, water, good quality tea
OUTPUT: TITLE: Blackberry-Bourbon Iced Tea | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 cups fresh blackberries; 3/4 cups granulated sugar; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh mint; 1 1/2 quarts cold water; 6 good quality black tea bags; Ice, as needed; Good quality bourbon, to taste (recommended: Woodford Reserve); Fresh mint sprigs, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine the blackberries, sugar, and coarsely chopped mint in a large bowl and mash with a potato masher or wooden spoon and let sit while making the tea. While the blackberries are macerating, bring the water to a boil in a medium saucepan, remove from the heat, add the tea bags and let steep for about 3 minutes. Remove the bags and pour the tea over the blackberry mixture. Let the mixture sit at room temperature for at least 1 hour for the flavors to meld. Pour the mixture through a strainer into a pitcher, pressing on the solids, cover and refrigerate until cold, at least 2 hours. Cook's No <END>
INPUT: candy, bittersweet chocolate, unsweetened coconut milk, corn syrup, Malibu coconut rum, rum
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate Coconut Candy | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 32 ounces bittersweet chocolate, tempered, see How to Temper Chocolate, method follows; 13 1/2-ounce can or 500 grams unsweetened coconut milk; 1/4 cup plus 1 tablespoon or 100 grams corn syrup; 1/4 cup or 50 grams Malibu coconut rum; 1/4 cup or 50 grams rum; 7 1/3 cups or 1250 grams white chocolate, chopped; 2 cups plus 2 tablespoons plus 2 teaspoons or 187.5 grams shredded unsweetened coconut | INSTRUCTIONS: Use a ladle to fill the plastic chocolate candy mold of your choice ( I used a small Bon Bon shape), with the tempered bittersweet chocolate. Tap the mold on the counter to encourage the air bubbles to depart. When the mold is full, empty it into the bowl of chocolate. The inside of each cavity should be evenly coated with chocolate. Scrape the mold clean with an offset spatula and place it upside down on a wire rack placed over a baking sheet. Once the chocolate starts to harden, about 5 minutes, scrape the edge clean again, with a chef's knife. When the chocolate sets, it shrinks or retracts <END>
INPUT: Italian, pesto, slivered almonds, serrano chiles, Juice lime, garlic, ginger
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Pork Loin with Almond Pesto | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/4 cup toasted slivered or whole almonds (save 1/4 cup for garnish); 3 serrano chiles; Juice of one lime; 6 cloves of garlic; 1 tablespoon minced ginger; 2 cups picked thai basil leaves; 1 cup picked mint leaves; 3/4 cup peanut oil; 3 to 4 pound pork loin, cut into at least 4 (2-inch) pieces, pounded flat; Salt and black pepper to taste; 1/4 cup sliced green scallions for garnish; Canola oil to cook | INSTRUCTIONS: In a food processor, place almonds, chilies, lime juice, garlic and ginger and mix well. Add the basil and mint leaves. Slowly drizzle in the oil to achieve a thick puree. Check for seasoning. Season the pork and spread the pesto on each pork escalope. Save a little pesto for garnishing. Roll the pork escalopes and tie each one with string. In a hot saute pan coated with oil, sear the pork roulades on all sides. Place pork in a 350 degree oven for about 20 minutes. An internal temperature of 155 to 160 degrees is ideal. I love my pork pink. Let loin rest for at least 5 minutes before slicing.  <END>
INPUT: hot sausage meat, Papads, egg, bread crumbs, nutmeg
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spicy Fried Chicken Thighs with Papads and Hot Sausage Stuffing | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 ounces hot sausage meat; 3 Papads (spicy Indian bean wafers); 1 large egg; 1/4 cup dry bread crumbs; Pinch grated nutmeg; Salt; Pepper; 6 chicken thighs, boned; Flour for dredging, seasoned with salt and pepper; Cayenne to taste; Freshly ground pepper; Vegetable oil for deep frying | INSTRUCTIONS: Make the stuffing: set a skillet over moderately high heat and heat until hot. Add sausage, crumbled, and cook, stirring occasionally, for 5 minutes, or until golden brown. Transfer to a plate lined with paper towel and let drain. Over an open flame or in a hot, dry skillet set over moderately high heat, toast the Papads for 1 minute, or until crisp and lightly browned. Let cool for 2 minutes and crumble until they resemble oatmeal. In a bowl, combine sausage, Papads, egg, bread crumbs, nutmeg, salt and pepper and work together to form a slightly wet mass that holds its shape. Smooth out the s <END>
INPUT: rice, beans, water, beef bouillon cubes, onions, bell pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Red Beans and Rice | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 pounds red beans; 2 quarts water, plus 2 cups; 6 beef bouillon cubes; 5 medium onions, chopped; 1 large bell pepper, chopped; 2 cloves garlic, chopped; 3 cups chopped celery, including leaves; 3 ham hocks tied in cheesecloth; 4 ounces tomato sauce; 6 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce; 2 tablespoons plus 6 dashes hot sauce; 1 tablespoon horseradish; 1 handful fresh parsley, chopped; 1 tablespoon cumin; 1 1/2 teaspoons thyme | INSTRUCTIONS: Wash beans and put in 2 quarts of water in heavy stockpot. In a separate container, dissolve bouillon cubes in 2 cups of hot water and then add to beans. Place over low heat and cook for about 3 hours. In a saute pan, combine onions, bell pepper, garlic, and celery. Saute until tender and add to the beans. Add the ham hocks, and tomato sauce. If the beans have soaked up the water, add more to barely cover the beans. Add Worcestershire, hot sauce, horseradish, and parsley. Simmer over medium to high heat for 4 to 5 hours, adding water if necessary during cooking. When beans are tender, add cumi <END>
INPUT: sloshed, olive oil, onion, carrot, celery
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sloshed Shrimp | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1 1/2 pounds (21 to 25 count) shrimp, peeled and deveined, reserving shells; 1 small white onion, finely diced, divided; 1 carrot, peeled and grated; 1 small celery stalk, finely diced; 1 teaspoon tomato paste; 1 quart water; 1 small bay leaf; 1 teaspoon lightly crushed black peppercorns; 4 tablespoons butter, plus 1 stick cold butter cut into tablespoon size pieces; 1 tablespoon chopped garlic; 1/2 teaspoon ground cumin; 1 teaspoon dried thyme; 1 teaspoon dried basil; 1/2 teaspoon ground red pepper flakes | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. In a saucepan over medium heat, add olive oil. Add the shrimp shells and toast until opaque and a little crunchy, about 10 minutes, tossing frequently. Add half the onion, the carrot and celery and cook, stirring, until softened. Stir in tomato paste and cook, stirring, about 2 minutes. Add the water, bay leaf, and peppercorns, bring to a boil, reduce the heat and simmer, partially covered, about 30 minutes. Strain; you should have about 2 cups stock; if more, return stock to clean saucepan and reduce over medium heat. In a skillet, melt on medium heat the 4 tabl <END>
INPUT: coconut, pecan, sweet German chocolate, sifted cake flour, sugar, baking soda, baking powder
OUTPUT: TITLE: Buttermilk Chocolate Cake with Coconut Pecan Marmalade | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 ounce package sweet German cooking chocolate, broken into 4 pieces; 2 1/3 cups sifted cake flour; 1 1/2 cups sugar; 1 teaspoon baking soda; 1/2 teaspoon baking powder; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 2/3 cup unsalted butter, softened; 1 cup buttermilk; 1 teaspoon vanilla; 2 large eggs; 1 cup evaporated milk; 1 cup sugar; 3 large egg yolks, lightly beaten; 1/2 cup unsalted butter; 1 teaspoon vanilla | INSTRUCTIONS: Butter three 8 inch cake pans thoroughly and line the base of each with baking parchment. Rub a little more butter onto the paper. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees. In a double boiler, melt the chocolate over simmering water, stirring occasionally, and set aside to cool. Sift the flour together with the sugar, baking soda, baking powder, and salt. In the bowl of an electric mixer or with a handheld mixer, beat the butter until it is fluffy. Add the flour mixture, 3/4 cup of the buttermilk, and the vanilla and beat in thoroughly, mixing for about 2 minutes with the electric mixer. Add the melted <END>
INPUT: Italian, cake, cauliflower, onion, olive oil, rosemary, eggs
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cauliflower Cake | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 small cauliflower, outer leaves removed, broken into 1 1/4-inch/3-cm florets (1 pound/450 g); 1 medium red onion, peeled (6 ounce/170 g); 5 tablespoons/75 ml olive oil; 1/2 teaspoon finely chopped rosemary; 7 eggs (scant 1 pound/440 g); 1/2 cup/15 g basil leaves, chopped; 1 cup/120 g all-purpose flour, sifted; 1 1/2 teaspoons baking powder; 1/3 teaspoon ground turmeric; 5 ounces/150 g coarsely grated Parmesan or another mature cheese; Salt and black pepper; Melted unsalted butter, for brushing; 1 tablespoon white sesame seeds; 1 teaspoon nigella seeds | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 400°F/200°C. Place the cauliflower florets in a saucepan and add 1 teaspoon salt. Cover with water and simmer for 15 minutes, until the florets are quite soft. They should break when pressed with a spoon. Drain and set aside in a colander to dry. Cut 4 round slices off one end of the onion (each 1/4 inch/5 mm thick) and set aside. Coarsely chop the rest of the onion and place in a small pan with the oil and rosemary. Cook for 10 minutes over medium heat, stirring from time to time, until soft. Remove from the heat and set aside to cool. Transfer the onion to a large bowl, a <END>
INPUT: Mexican, chalupas, beef, taco seasoning, salsa, jalapeno juice, canola oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Las Chalupas | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound ground beef; 1 package taco seasoning; 2/3 cup salsa; 1/4 cup jalapeno juice; 1/4 cup canola oil; 4 to 6 flour tortillas; 4-cheese Mexican blend; Shredded lettuce; Chopped tomatoes; Chopped olives (from a can); Store bought guacamole; Sour cream | INSTRUCTIONS: In a skillet over medium heat, brown meat. Add taco seasoning, salsa, and jalapeno juice. Add a little water if mixture is too dry. Reduce heat to low and simmer for 10 minutes. In another skillet, heat Canola over medium-high heat. Fry flour tortilla shells flat until crispy on both sides. Place tortillas on a flat plate. Cover in meat, then cover meat with cheese, and melt cheese under broiler, about 2 minutes. Remove plate and cover cheese with shredded lettuce, then tomatoes, and olives. Place dollops of guacamole and sour cream in center. <END>
INPUT: spiced, water, quinoa, currants, salt, virgin olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spiced Carrot and Zucchini Quinoa | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 cups water; 2 cups quinoa, rinsed well, drained; 2 tablespoons dried currants; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 2 medium carrots, peeled, cut into small cubes; 2 medium zucchini, trimmed, cut into small cubes; 1 tablespoon Hungarian sweet paprika; 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1/2 cup chopped fresh cilantro | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine first 4 ingredients in heavy large saucepan. Bring to boil over medium-high heat. Reduce heat to medium-low, cover, and simmer until water is absorbed and quinoa is tender, about 20 minutes. Meanwhile, heat oil in heavy large skillet over medium heat. Add carrots; sauté until tender, about 5 minutes. Add zucchini; sauté until tender, about 3 minutes. Mix in paprika and cinnamon. Add quinoa to skillet; toss to blend. Season with salt and pepper. DO AHEAD Can be made 1 day ahead. Transfer to baking dish. Cover and chill. Rewarm, covered, in 350°F oven about 15 minutes. Mix in cilantro an <END>
INPUT: whole, artichokes, canola peanut oil, parsley, Meyer Lemon Aioli, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Whole Fried Artichoke with Meyer Lemon Aioli | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 large artichokes; 2 quarts canola or peanut oil; 1/2 bunch parsley, finely chopped; Meyer Lemon Aioli, recipe follows; 2 garlic clove; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1 egg yolk; 1 Meyer lemon, zested and juiced; 1 cup olive oil | INSTRUCTIONS: To clean the artichokes peel off the outer tough green leaves. With a sharp knife cut across the top of the artichoke about a 1/2-inch to remove the sharp spines. With a long narrow spoon scoop out the center choke of the artichoke. With a small knife or a vegetable peeler, pare down the outside dark green exterior of the base and stem. Place in acidulated water and repeat process with other artichokes. Drain artichokes well. Put oil in a tall pot and over medium heat fry the artichokes until they are slightly golden in color. Remove artichokes from oil and drain on paper towels. Turn temperat <END>
INPUT: Mexican, Vidalia onions, wheat flour, egg whites, wheat panko breadcrumbs, cayenne pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Baked Onion Rings | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2 Vidalia onions, cut into rings; 1 cup plus 1 teaspoon whole-wheat flour; 3 egg whites, beaten; 2 cups whole-wheat panko breadcrumbs; 1/4 teaspoon cayenne pepper; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; Canola spray; 1 1/2 cups nonfat Greek yogurt; 1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil; 1 lime, juiced and zested; 1 chipotle pepper, minced; Salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: For the onion rings: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Place 3 shallow bowls on the counter in a row with a foil-lined baking sheet fit with a cooling rack at the end. Add 1 cup of the flour to one bowl, the egg whites mixed with 1/4 cup water and 1 teaspoon flour in the next bowl, and the breadcrumbs whisked with the cayenne in the last. Sprinkle each bowl with salt and black pepper. Begin by tossing an onion ring in the flour. Dip into the egg mixture, followed by the breadcrumbs, and then place on the rack. Repeat with the remaining onion rings. Spray all of the breaded onion rings with ca <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, fish, tagine, virgin olive oil, sized onion, garlic, parsley leaves, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fish Baked with Olives, Parsley and Garlic: Tagine | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 1 medium-sized yellow onion, very finely chopped (about 1/2 cup); 3 cloves garlic, minced; 1 cup finely chopped fresh parsley leaves; Freshly ground black pepper; 4 flounder or sole fillets, each weighing about 6 ounces; 1/2 pound (drained weight) pitted Middle Eastern green olives, coarsely chopped; 1 lemon, very thinly sliced; Paprika, to taste; Couscous, cooking according to package directions, for serving | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Use a small amount of olive oil to grease a shallow baking dish that is just large enough to hold the stuffed fillets in 1 layer, and set aside. Heat 1 tablespoon of the remaining olive oil in a medium-size skillet over medium heat. When it is hot, add the onion and garlic, and cook, stirring, just until the onion is softened, 3 to 5 minutes. Remove from the heat and stir in the parsley and pepper, and set aside. Rinse the fillets and pat dry with paper towels. Lay the fillets out flat on a work surface, inside up. Spread the onion mixture down the center of  <END>
INPUT: wild, chicken stock low, morel mushrooms, Cornish game hens, shallots
OUTPUT: TITLE: Game Hens with Madeira and Wild Mushrooms | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups chicken stock or canned low-salt chicken broth; 3/4 cup dried morel mushrooms (about 1/2 ounce); 6 tablespoons (3/4 stick) butter; 4 1 1/2-pound Cornish game hens; 1/2 cup minced shallots; 2 tablespoons tomato paste; 2 cups beef stock or canned broth; 3/4 cup Madeira; 4 fresh thyme sprigs | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring 1 cup chicken stock to simmer in small saucepan. Remove from heat. Add mushrooms; soak 30 minutes. Drain mushrooms, reserving mushrooms and liquid separately. Position rack in bottom third of oven; preheat to 400°F. Rub 1 tablespoon butter over outside of each game hen. Place in roasting pan. Sprinkle with salt and pepper. Roast until juices run clear when thickest part of thigh is pierced, about 55 minutes. Meanwhile, melt 2 tablespoons butter in heavy large skillet over medium heat. Add shallots and sauté until tender, about 4 minutes. Add tomato paste; stir 2 minutes. Pour in reserved <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, antipasto, bell peppers, garlic, flat leafed parsley
OUTPUT: TITLE: Artichoke, Olive, and Roasted Pepper Antipasto | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 3 red bell peppers; 3 yellow bell peppers; 2 garlic cloves; 2 (14-ounce) cans whole artichoke hearts; 2/3 cup packed fresh flat-leafed parsley leaves; 1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil; 1 tablespoon unsalted butter; 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 2/3 cup brine-cured black olives; Crusty Italian bread | INSTRUCTIONS: Quick-roast and peel bell peppers. Cut roasted peppers into 3/4-inch-wide strips. Mince garlic. Rinse and drain artichoke hearts. Pat artichokes dry and cut through stem ends into quarters. Chop parsley. In a 12-inch heavy skillet cook garlic in oil and butter over moderate heat, stirring, until fragrant. Add artichokes and cook, stirring, until heated through, about 3 minutes. Stir in roasted peppers, parsley, lemon juice, olives, and salt and pepper to taste until combined. Serve antipasto at room temperature with bread. <END>
INPUT: soup, ham hocks, shrimp, vegetable oil, tomato paste, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Shrimp, Ham, and Escarole Soup | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 medium ham hocks, about 2 pounds; 1 pound medium shrimp; 3 tablespoons vegetable oil, like soy, peanut, or corn; 2 tablespoons tomato paste; 1 head garlic, halved, plus 6 cloves sliced; 4 sprigs fresh thyme; 2 wide strips lemon zest; 1 large onion, sliced; 1 jalapeno pepper, thinly sliced (like it hot? Keep the seeds); 6 canned whole plum tomatoes; 12 ounces frozen black-eyed peas (about 2 heaping cups); 10 cups chopped escarole, 2 small or 1 large head; 1 1/2 teaspoons kosher salt; 1 lemon, cut into 8 wedges | INSTRUCTIONS: Cover the ham hocks with cold water in a soup pot. Bring the mixture to a boil, reduce the heat, and simmer, uncovered, about 5 minutes. Drain the water, set the hocks aside. Meanwhile, peel the shrimp, reserve the shells. Devein the shrimp and refrigerate. Heat 1 tablespoon of the oil in a soup pot over medium heat; add the shrimp shells and tomato paste, and cook, stirring, until the shells turn pink, about 3 minutes. Add the ham hocks, halved garlic, thyme, lemon zest, and 3 quarts cold water. Bring to a boil, then reduce the heat to maintain a simmer. Cook, uncovered, until the meat falls  <END>
INPUT: waffles, pure maple syrup, chipotle adobo, Kosher salt, chicken drumsticks
OUTPUT: TITLE: Butter Roasted Chicken with Grit Waffles | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup plus 2 tablespoons pure maple syrup; 1 tablespoon finely chopped chipotle in adobo (about 2 chipotle chiles); Kosher salt; 4 chicken drumsticks (about 1 pound); 4 bone-in, skin-on chicken thighs (about 1 pound); Freshly ground black pepper; 1 stick unsalted butter, melted; 1 cup all-purpose flour; 1/4 cup quick cooking grits; 1 teaspoon baking powder; 1 cup milk; 1 large egg; Nonstick cooking spray; Special equipment: 6 1/2-inch waffle iron | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F with a rack set in the top. Place a baking sheet on the rack to heat up. Whisk together 1 cup of the maple syrup and the chipotles in a bowl. Season with salt. Place the chicken drumsticks and thighs in a large bowl and sprinkle liberally with salt and pepper. Add half of the melted butter and toss the chicken to coat. Remove the hot baking sheet from the oven and carefully place the chicken on the baking sheet, skin-side up for the thighs. Bake until the skin is golden brown and crispy and the internal temperature on an instant-read thermometer registers 160  <END>
INPUT: tart, unbleached all purpose, salt, ice water, eggs
OUTPUT: TITLE: Honey, Date, and Pecan Tart | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/4 cups unbleached all purpose flour; 1/2 cup (1 stick) chilled unsalted butter, cut into 1/2-inch cubes; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 3 to 4 tablespoons ice water; 2 large eggs, separated; 6 tablespoons sugar, divided; 2 tablespoons honey; 1 tablespoon bourbon; 1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract; 1/8 teaspoon salt; 2 tablespoons all purpose flour; Pinch of baking soda; 1 cup chopped pitted Medjool dates; 2/3 cup coarsely chopped pecans; Whipped cream | INSTRUCTIONS: For crust: Using on/off turns, blend flour, butter, and salt in processor until mixture resembles coarse meal. Add 3 tablespoons ice water. Blend, using on/off turns, until moist clumps form, adding more ice water by teaspoonfuls if dry. Gather dough into ball; flatten into disk. Wrap in plastic and chill at least 1 hour and up to 1 day. Preheat oven to 425°F. Roll out dough on lightly floured surface to 13-inch round. Transfer to 9-inch tart pan with removable bottom. Cut off all but 1/4 inch of overhang, leaving dough sides higher than pan sides. Freeze crust 15 minutes. Line crust with foil <END>
INPUT: American, meatloaf, beef, eggs, bread crumbs, Parmesan, Italian seasoning
OUTPUT: TITLE: Italian Stuffed Meatloaf | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 pounds ground beef; 2 eggs; 1 cup bread crumbs (up to 1 1/2 cups); 1 cup grated Parmesan; 1 tablespoon Italian seasoning; 1 tablespoon black pepper; 2 tablespoons fresh chopped parsley leaves; 2 cloves garlic, minced or pressed; 1 onion, diced; 1/2 cup ketchup; 1/4 cup Worcestershire sauce; 1 cup milk; 8 slices cheddar; 8 slices baked ham; 8 slices bacon | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. In a large mixing bowl, combine ground beef, eggs, breadcrumbs, Parmesan cheese, herbs, garlic, onion, ketchup, Worcestershire. Mix well, gradually adding the milk (if it seems too moist, add bread crumbs until it is a consistency that will form a loaf without flattening. Spray a large baking or roasting pan with a non-stick spray and press the meatloaf out. Layer cheese slices and ham, covering the center line of the meatloaf, then close it together and tuck in the ends, forming a loaf which is oblong. Criss-cross the bacon strips to cover the loaf. Bake for 35  <END>
INPUT: Italian, pumpkin winter squash, Unrefined coconut oil, Kosher salt pepper, onion, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Creamy Pumpkin Lasagna | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 4 cups medium-diced pumpkin or winter squash; Unrefined coconut oil; Kosher salt and coarsely ground black pepper; 1 medium onion, small diced; 2 cloves garlic, chopped; 2 1/2 pounds Swiss chard, stemmed, leaves chopped (16 cups packed); 2 teaspoons poultry seasoning; 16 ounces cream cheese, room temperature; 2 cups milk; 1 teaspoon cayenne pepper; 2 cups full-fat ricotta; 2 eggs, whisked; 2 cups grated Gruyere; 2 cups grated Parmesan; 9 ounces no-boil lasagna noodles, such as Barilla | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Add the pumpkin to a large bowl, drizzle with 2 tablespoons coconut oil, and toss to coat. Sprinkle generously with salt and pepper and then spread in a single layer on a rimmed baking sheet. Transfer to the oven and roast, tossing once, until golden brown and tender, 50 to 60 minutes. Meanwhile, add 1 tablespoon coconut oil to a Dutch oven over medium heat, and allow to melt. Add the onions and saute until tender, 3 minutes. Add the garlic and Swiss chard, and saute until wilted, 3 to 5 minutes. Stir in the poultry seasoning an <END>
INPUT: summer, cakes, mayonnaise, lemon juice, chives, grainy mustard, cayenne
OUTPUT: TITLE: Summer Salmon Cakes with Zucchini Fennel Slaw | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons mayonnaise; 2 teaspoons fresh lemon juice, divided; 3 tablespoons chopped chives; 1 teaspoon grainy mustard; 1/8 teaspoon cayenne; 1/4 pound skinless salmon fillet, chopped; 4 Ritz or saltine crackers, coarsely crushed; 1 medium zucchini, coarsely grated (1 1/2 cups); 1/2 small fennel bulb, trimmed and thinly sliced; 1 tablespoon olive oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Whisk together mayonnaise, 1 teaspoon lemon juice, chives, mustard, cayenne, and 1/4 teaspoon each of salt and pepper in a medium bowl. Stir together salmon, crackers, 3/4 cup zucchini, and half of mayonnaise mixture in another bowl. Add fennel and remaining zucchini and lemon juice to mayonnaise mixture in medium bowl and toss to combine slaw. Form salmon mixture into 2 (3-inch) patties. Heat oil in a small nonstick skillet over medium heat until hot, then cook salmon cakes, carefully turning once, until golden and salmon is just cooked through, about 6 minutes total. Serve with slaw. Whisk t <END>
INPUT: stock, water, onion, garlic bulb, turnip, celery
OUTPUT: TITLE: White Crab Stock | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 quarts cold water; 1 onion, peeled and halved; 1 garlic bulb, halved; 1 turnip, split; 2 celery stalks, split; Bouquet garni (4 sprigs fresh parsley, 4 sprigs fresh thyme, 2 bay leaves and 1 leek -- tied together with string); 1/2 lemon, juice; 1 teaspoon crab boil seasoning; 1/2 teaspoon whole white peppercorns; 1/2 cup white wine; Sea salt, to taste; 6 live Atlantic Blue crabs | INSTRUCTIONS: Pour water in a large stockpot and place over low-medium flame. Add the vegetables and bouquet garni; cook for 5 minutes until the vegetables begin to become tender. Add the lemon juice, crab boil seasoning, peppercorns, wine and salt. Simmer gently for 15 minutes, stirring to mingle flavors. Carefully put the crabs in the pot and continue to cook for another 15 minutes. The crab shells will be bright orange when done. Remove and shell the crabs. Strain the stock to discard the vegetable solids. Reserve the crab meat and stock for She-Crab soup.; <END>
INPUT: bread, all purpose flour, cornmeal, baking powder, salt, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Corn on Corn Bread | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups all purpose flour; 2 cups yellow cornmeal; 1 tablespoon baking powder; 1 teaspoon salt; 3 tablespoons sugar; 2 large eggs; 2 cups buttermilk or 1 cup yogurt mixed with 1 cup milk; 1 cup thawed frozen corn kernels; 1/2 cup corn oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Grease a 13 by 9-inch baking pan. With a whisk combine the flour, cornmeal, baking powder, salt and sugar. Beat eggs with buttermilk and combine with corn and corn oil. Swiftly blend dry ingredients with wet ingredients and transfer to baking pan. Bake for 30 minutes or until bread pulls away from edges and a toothpick when inserted in the middle of the bread comes out dry. <END>
INPUT: American, burger, ketchup, tomatoes, olive oil, onion, garlic, cider vinegar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Beef Burger with Roasted Tomato Ketchup | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 pounds ripe tomatoes, cored and quartered; 1 tablespoon olive oil, plus 2 tablespoons; 1 medium onion, finely diced; 2 cloves garlic, finely diced; 1/4 cup cider vinegar; 2 tablespoons sugar; 1/4 teaspoon cinnamon; 1/4 teaspoon allspice; Salt and freshly ground pepper; 2 pounds freshly ground beef, top sirloin or top round; 2 tablespoons olive oil; Four rolls | INSTRUCTIONS: To prepare the ketchup: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Toss the tomatoes in 1 tablespoon of the olive oil and place on a baking sheet. Roast in the oven for 10 to 15 minutes or until soft. Transfer the tomatoes to a food processor and process until smooth. Strain the tomatoes, pressing against the solids with a wooden spoon to extract as much pulp and juice as possible. Heat the remaining olive oil in a medium saucepan over medium heat and saute the onions and garlic until translucent. Add the tomato puree and remaining ingredients and continue cooking, uncovered for 25 to 30 minutes, stir <END>
INPUT: Indian, spiced, soup, onions, garlic, olive oil, Kosher salt, cumin
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spiced Fava Bean Soup with Rice and Tomato | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 2 medium onions, peeled, quartered; 4 garlic cloves; 1/2 cup olive oil; Kosher salt, freshly ground pepper; 2 teaspoons ground cumin; 1/2 teaspoon ground coriander; 1/4 teaspoons ground allspice; 1 14.5-ounce can crushed tomatoes; 8 cups low-sodium chicken or vegetable broth; 8 ounces dried skinless fava or lima beans (about 1 1/2 cups); 1/4 cup short-grain brown rice; 1/3 cup plain Greek yogurt; 1/3 cup chopped unsalted, roasted pistachios | INSTRUCTIONS: Process onions and garlic in a food processor until finely chopped. Heat oil in a large saucepan over medium-high heat. Add onions and garlic, season with salt and pepper, and cook, stirring often, until softened, about 3 minutes. Add cumin, coriander, and allspice and cook, stirring often, until onions start to brown, about 5 minutes. Add tomatoes and cook, stirring often, until mixture is jammy, about 5 minutes. Stir in broth and bring to a boil. Add beans, reduce heat, and simmer, partially covered, 20 minutes. Add rice and simmer, partially covered, until rice and beans are soft, 30–35 min <END>
INPUT: chantilly, moulin, slightly under pears, orange juice, mulling spices, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chantilly Ice Cream with Moulin Rouge Poached Pears | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 slightly under-ripe pears; 1 cup orange juice; 1 to 2 tablespoons mulling spices (recommended: Morton and Bassett); 1 (750-ml) bottle Chianti (recommended: Classico); 1 cup packed brown sugar; 1 pint vanilla ice cream, softened in the refrigerator for 1 hour; 1 tablespoon grenadine; 2 tablespoons heavy cream, if needed | INSTRUCTIONS: For the pears: Use a vegetable peeler to peel pears. Cut in half and use a melon baller to remove core. Place in 4 to 5-quart slow cooker. Add orange juice and mulling spices. Stir together wine and brown sugar. Pour over pears. If wine does not cover pears completely, add enough water or orange juice to cover. Cover slow cooker and cook on LOW for 6 to 8 hours, or until pears are fork-tender. For the Chantilly ice cream: Place ice cream in blender with grenadine. Blend to combine. If ice cream has not softened enough to blend, add 1 to 2 tablespoons heavy cream. <END>
INPUT: Italian, roll, eggplant, tomatoes, basil leaves, pepper, mozzarella cheese
OUTPUT: TITLE: Eggplant, Tomato and Basil Roll-ups | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 eggplant; 2 tomatoes; 12 basil leaves, washed; Freshly ground black pepper; 4 tablespoons grated mozzarella cheese; 1 tablespoon crumbled feta cheese; 1 teaspoon minced chile de arbol | INSTRUCTIONS: Trim the ends from the eggplant and slice lengthwise 1/8-inch thick. Place each eggplant slice on a lightly sprayed saute pan over medium low heat to slightly toast. The eggplant should be moist and pliable. Keep the saute pan warm. Slice the tomatoes 1/8-inch thick. Lay the eggplant slices flat and lay a tomato slice at the bottom and place a basil leaf on top of the tomato. Grind some fresh pepper over the basil/tomato. Combine the cheeses and sprinkle a teaspoon of the cheeses and a pinch of the chile on top of the basil leaf. Roll-up the eggplant/tomato lengthwise and place seam side down  <END>
INPUT: Mexican, skillet, virgin olive oil, garlic, cumin, greens, tomatoes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Skillet Greens with Cumin and Tomatoes | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 2 garlic cloves, smashed; 1 teaspoon ground cumin; 1 large bunch greens (such as spinach, mustard greens, kale, or broccoli rabe; about 1 pound), thick stems removed, spinach left whole, other greens c; 1 14 1/2-ounce can diced tomatoes, drained | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat oil in large nonstick skillet over medium heat. Add garlic and cumin; stir 1 minute. Add greens by large handfuls; stir just until beginning to wilt before adding more, tossing until coated with oil. Cook until tender, 1 to 6 minutes. Add tomatoes and sauté until heated through, about 2 minutes. Season to taste with salt and pepper and serve. Heat oil in large nonstick skillet over medium heat. Add garlic and cumin; stir 1 minute. Add greens by large handfuls; stir just until beginning to wilt before adding more, tossing until coated with oil. Cook until tender, 1 to 6 minutes. Add tomato <END>
INPUT: Indian, blackberry, turnovers, plums, blackberries, sugar, cardamom, cornstarch dissolved water
OUTPUT: TITLE: Blackberry and Plum Turnovers with Cardamom | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 12 ounces plums, pitted, sliced; 2 cups fresh blackberries; 1/2 cup plus 1 tablespoon sugar; 1/8 teaspoon ground cardamom; 1 1/2 tablespoons cornstarch dissolved in 1 tablespoon water; 1 7-ounce package almond paste; 1/4 cup whipping cream; 1 17 1/4-ounce package frozen puff pastry (2 sheets), thawed; 1 egg, beaten to blend (for glaze) | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine plums, berries, 1/2 cup sugar and cardamom in heavy medium saucepan. Bring to boil, stirring. Reduce heat to medium; simmer until plums are soft, about 4 minutes. Add cornstarch mixture and stir until mixture thickens and boils, about 1 minute. Cool. Cover and chill until cold, at least 4 hours or overnight. Finely grind almond paste in processor. Add cream and puree until smooth. Line 2 baking sheets with parchment. Roll out 1 pastry sheet on floured surface to 12-inch square. Cut pastry into four 6-inch squares. Spread scant 2 tablespoons almond paste mixture over center 4 inches of  <END>
INPUT: Mexican, grapeseed oil, Two salmon fillets, cumin, salt, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Salmon and Greens with Cumin Dressing | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons grapeseed oil; Two 6-ounce salmon fillets, skin removed; A pinch of ground cumin; A pinch of salt; A pinch of pepper; Greens with Cumin Dressing, recipe follows; 1 shallot, minced; 5 tablespoons white wine vinegar; 1 tablespoon cumin seeds, toasted and ground; 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard; 1/2 teaspoon honey; A pinch of salt; A pinch of pepper; 3/4 cup grapeseed oil; 2 1/2 ounces/70 g salad greens | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat the oil in a heavy skillet over medium-high heat. Sprinkle the salmon fillets with cumin, salt and pepper and place in the hot pan. Sear on one side for 3 minutes, and then carefully flip and continue to cook until they are just cooked through, 3 to 5 minutes more. Keep warm while you prepare the Greens with Cumin Dressing. Serve with the freshly dressed greens on the side. Put the shallots in a small glass bowl and add the vinegar, cumin, mustard, honey, salt and pepper and whisk well to combine. Slowly add the oil and whisk until smooth. Toss some of the dressing with the greens, cilant <END>
INPUT: olive oil, smoked Spanish chorizo, new potatoes, spring onions scallions, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Littleneck Clams with New Potatoes and Spring Onions | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons olive oil; 4 ounces smoked Spanish chorizo, cut into 1/4" pieces; 1 1/2 pounds small new potatoes, sliced 1/4" thick; 1 bunch spring onions or scallions, whites halved and sliced; greens sliced on a diagonal, divided; 4 garlic cloves, thinly sliced; 1 cup dry white wine (such as Sauvignon Blanc or Pinot Gris); 5 pounds littleneck clams, scrubbed; Toasted bread (for serving); Ingredient info: Spanish chorizo is available at Spanish markets, specialty foods stores, and online | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat oil in a large heavy pot over medium heat. Add chorizo and cook, stirring often, until some fat has rendered and chorizo begins to crisp, about 4 minutes. Add potatoes, spring onion whites, and garlic. Cook, tossing often, until potatoes are crisp-tender, 10-12 minutes. Add wine and cook until reduced by half, about 5 minutes. Add 2 1/2 cups water and continue to cook until potatoes are just tender, 5-8 minutes longer. Add clams and half of onion greens, cover pot, and cook, stirring occasionally, until clams have opened, 8-10 minutes (discard any clams that do not open). Divide clam mixt <END>
INPUT: cupcakes, powdered sugar, lemon peel, eggs, self rising flour
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lemon-Raspberry Cupcakes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 cup (12 tablespoons) unsalted butter, room temperature; 3 cups powdered sugar, divided; 4 1/2 teaspoons finely grated lemon peel, divided; 2 large eggs; 1 1/4 cups self-rising flour; 1/4 cup buttermilk; 4 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, divided; 12 teaspoons plus 1 tablespoon seedless raspberry jam; Fresh raspberries (for garnish) | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350°F. Line 12 muffin cups with paper liners. Using electric mixer, beat butter, 1 1/2 cups powdered sugar, and 3 teaspoons lemon peel in large bowl until blended, then beat until fluffy and pale yellow. Add eggs 1 at a time, beating to blend after each addition. Beat in half of flour. Add buttermilk and 2 tablespoons lemon juice; beat to blend. Beat in remaining flour. Drop 1 rounded tablespoonful batter into each muffin liner. Spoon 1 teaspoon raspberry jam over. Cover with remaining batter, dividing equally. Bake cupcakes until tester inserted halfway into centers comes out  <END>
INPUT: blondies, light sugar, granulated sugar, pure vanilla extract, eggs
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate Chunk Blondies | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 pound (2 sticks) unsalted butter, at room temperature; 1 cup light brown sugar, lightly packed; 1/2 cup granulated sugar; 2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract; 2 extra-large eggs, at room temperature; 2 cups all-purpose flour; 1 teaspoon baking soda; 1 teaspoon kosher salt; 1 1/2 cups chopped walnuts; 1 1/4 pounds semisweet chocolate chunks, such as Nestle's | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees. Grease and flour an 8 x 12 x 2 inch baking pan. In the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, cream the butter, brown sugar, and granulated sugar on high speed for 3 minutes, until light and fluffy. With the mixer on low, add the vanilla, then the eggs, one at a time, and mix well, scraping down the bowl. In a small bowl, sift together the flour, baking soda and salt and with the mixer still on low, slowly add flour mixture to the butter mixture. Fold the walnuts and chocolate chunks in with a rubber spatula. <END>
INPUT: green, olive oil, onion, garlic, kale, Salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Green Polenta | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1/2 onion, diced; 3 cloves garlic, minced; 1 bunch kale, stems removed and cut into 1/2-inch strips; Salt and freshly cracked black pepper; 5 cups water; 2 1/2 cups heavy cream; 1 1/2 cups polenta; 6 tablespoons butter; 4 tablespoons grated Parmesan | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large saute pan, heat the olive oil over medium heat. Add the onions and saute until translucent, about 3 minutes. Add the garlic and kale, season with salt and pepper, to taste, and cook until wilted. Set aside to cool. Once the mixture has cooled, add to a food processor and process until very smooth. Add a little water, if necessary, to help make a smooth mixture. In another large pot, bring 5 cups of water and 2 cups heavy cream to a boil over medium heat. Whisk in the polenta and stir constantly until the polenta is creamy, about 20 minutes. If the mixture becomes too thick, add a li <END>
INPUT: Brussels sprouts, good olive oil, kosher salt, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Brussels Sprouts | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 pounds Brussels sprouts; 3 tablespoons good olive oil; 3/4 teaspoon kosher salt; 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. Cut off the ends of the Brussels sprouts and pull off any yellow outer leaves. Mix them in a bowl with the olive oil, salt, and pepper. Transfer them to a sheet pan and roast for 35 to 40 minutes, until crisp outside and tender inside. Shake the pan from time to time to brown the Brussels sprouts evenly. Sprinkle with more kosher salt (I like these salty like French fries) and serve hot. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, tart, eggs, egg yolks, sugar, lime juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lime Tart with Blackberries and Blueberries | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 3 large eggs; 3 large egg yolks; 1 cup sugar; 3/4 cup fresh lime juice; 6 tablespoons (3/4 stick) unsalted butter, cut into 6 pieces; 2 6-ounce containers fresh blackberries; 1 6-ounce container fresh blueberries; 1 tablespoon blackberry jam; 1/2 cup (1 stick) unsalted butter, room temperature; 1/4 cup sugar; 1 large egg yolk; 1 1/4 cups all purpose flour; 1 large pinch of salt | INSTRUCTIONS: For lime curd: Set fine metal strainer over medium bowl and set aside. Whisk eggs, egg yolks, and sugar in another medium metal bowl to blend. Whisk in lime juice. Set bowl over large saucepan of gently simmering water (do not allow bottom of bowl to touch water). Whisk constantly until curd thickens and instant-read thermometer inserted into curd registers 178°F to 180°F, about 6 minutes. Immediately pour curd through prepared strainer set over bowl. Add butter to warm strained curd; let stand 1 minute, then whisk until blended and smooth. Press plastic wrap directly onto surface of curd, cov <END>
INPUT: Asian, teriyaki sauce, water, king salmon, bamboo skewers, canola oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Teriyaki Salmon Strips | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cups teriyaki sauce, divided; 1 cup water; 10 ounces king salmon, cut into 1-ounce strips; 10 bamboo skewers, soaked in water for 30 minutes; 2 tablespoons canola oil; 2 tablespoons sesame seeds; 2 tablespoons green onions, chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: In a non-reactive shallow pan, mix together 1 cup teriyaki sauce and 1 cup water for a marinade. Place the salmon on the pre-soaked skewers and marinate for 10 minutes. Heat oil in a grill pan or non-stick skillet over medium-high heat. Grill the skewers for 3 minutes on each side for medium, or 5 minutes on each side for well done. Arrange the skewered salmon in a star-like pattern. Generously drizzle 1/2 cup teriyaki sauce over the skewers. Garnish with sesame seeds and green onions. <END>
INPUT: frittata, oil, hash browns, eggs, OSCAR MAYER Bacon, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Easy Bacon Frittata | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 Tbsp. oil; 2 cups frozen shredded hash browns; 6 eggs; 10 slices OSCAR MAYER Bacon, crisply cooked, crumbled; 1/3 cup green onion slices; 1/4 tsp. salt; 1/4 tsp. pepper; 1/3 cup shredded sharp cheddar cheese; 1 medium tomato, chopped (about 1/2 cup) | INSTRUCTIONS: HEAT oil in medium nonstick skillet on medium-high heat. Add potatoes; cook 8 to 10 minutes or until browned, stirring occasionally. Spread potatoes to evenly cover bottom of skillet. BEAT eggs, bacon, onions, salt and pepper with wire whisk until well blended; pour evenly over potatoes. Reduce heat to medium-low; cover. COOK 10 minutes or until center is set; sprinkle with cheese and tomatoes. Cut into 6 wedges to serve. <END>
INPUT: Indian, gumbo, rich chicken stock, kosher salt, cayenne pepper, pepper, cumin
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spicy Rooster Gumbo | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 16 1/2 cups rich chicken stock; 4 tablespoons kosher salt; 2 tablespoons cayenne pepper; 1 tablespoon ground black pepper; 2 teaspoons ground cumin; 2 teaspoons Hungarian paprika; 2 teaspoons ground coriander; 1 (5 to 7 pound) rooster or chicken; 2 smoked ham hocks; 3 cups high gluten flour; Salt; Pepper; 3 cups rendered chicken fat; 2 pounds andouille sausage, sliced in 1/2-inch thick rounds; Vegetable oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 300 degrees F. Place chicken stock in a 2-gallon stockpot. Place on back burner, bring to boil, and reduce to a simmer. Mix together salt, cayenne, black pepper, cumin, paprika, and coriander and set aside. Cut the rooster or chicken into 8 pieces, removing the backbone and discarding. Place the ham hocks in the stock to simmer. Season the flour with salt and pepper and place in a shallow dish. Generously coat the chicken parts with some of the spice mix. Set aside the remaining spice mixture. Dust the seasoned chicken parts in the seasoned flour and set aside the remaining <END>
INPUT: flour, Accent, salt, pepper, garlic powder
OUTPUT: TITLE: Dot's Chicken Wings | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups flour, or enough to cover; Pinch Accent; Pinch salt; Pinch black pepper; Pinch garlic powder; Pinch paprika; Pinch beef base (powdered beef stock); 1 pound chicken wings; Oil to cover for frying; Packaged yellow rice; Pinch paprika; Pinch black pepper; Pinch salt; 1 egg, beaten with fork; 1 pound frog legs | INSTRUCTIONS: Add seasonings to flour. Roll chicken wings in mixture. Preheat oil in deep fryer to 375 degrees. Add floured chicken wings and cook for approximately 10 minutes until golden brown.; Prepare rice according to package directions. While rice cooks, add seasonings to egg. Cover frog legs in egg mixture, and then roll in flour. Preheat vegetable oil in frying pan on a medium flame. Place coated frog legs in pan and brown, uncovered. When finished, pour off the extra oil, leaving frog legs in pan. Add cooking wine and garlic to pan, cover and simmer for 30 minutes. Serve on top of rice with pan jui <END>
INPUT: milk, Dutch process cocoa, granulated sugar, peppermint schnapps, heavy cream
OUTPUT: TITLE: Hot Chocolate | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 cups milk; 4 tablespoons Dutch process cocoa, mixed into a paste with 1/4 cup milk; 4 tablespoons granulated sugar; 2 ounces peppermint schnapps; 1 pint heavy cream, whipped; Grated bittersweet chocolate for garnish; 4 candy canes | INSTRUCTIONS: In a small saucepan, over low heat, heat milk. Stir in cocoa mixed with milk, sugar and continue to stir until cocoa is incorporated and sugar is dissolved. Do not bring mixture to a boil. Off heat add peppermint Schnapps. Pour hot chocolate into 4 mugs. Top with whipped cream, grated chocolate and add 1 candy cane per mug. <END>
INPUT: pirate, ship, Creole garlic marinade, Barbecue Rub, apple juice, barbecue sauce
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pirate Ship Pork Loin | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 (2 to 3-pound) pork loin; 12 ounces Creole garlic marinade (recommended: Cajun Injector Garlic Creole Butter); 1/2 cup Barbecue Rub, recipe follows; 12 ounces apple juice; 1 cup prepared barbecue sauce; 1 teaspoon sugar; 1 teaspoon brown sugar; 1 teaspoon paprika; 1 teaspoon garlic power; 1/2 teaspoon cumin powder; 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt; Freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: marinade injector syringe Preheat an outdoor grill to medium heat. Using the marinade injector syringe, inject Creole garlic into pork. Massage barbecue rub all over pork. Pour apple juice into a spray bottle. Grill until rare in the middle, about 30 minutes, misting with apple juice every 10 minutes to keep moist. Slice lengthwise to create the full of the ship being careful not to slice completely through the loin. Pour barbecue sauce into the cavity and grill until pork is cooked through, about 30 minutes more. Slice into thin slices for sandwiches or thick slices to make <END>
INPUT: summer, pizzette, vegetable oil, serrano ham, pizza dough, All purpose flour, Olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Summer Pizzette with Caramelized Peaches, Burrata, Arugula and Crispy Serrano | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 to 2 tablespoons vegetable oil; 8 ounces thinly sliced serrano ham; 2 pounds frozen pizza dough, thawed; All-purpose flour, for sprinkling; Olive oil, for brushing; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 6 peaches, thinly sliced on a mandolin slicer; 1 teaspoon light brown sugar; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 5 ounces baby arugula, washed (about 6 cups); 2 pounds burrata cheese | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Lightly brush 2 baking sheets with vegetable oil. Lay the ham on top in a single layer and lightly brush with vegetable oil. Bake in the oven until crispy, 10 to 12 minutes, flipping halfway. Remove and let cool. Once your pizza dough has thawed, divide into 3 balls. Sprinkle flour (or cornmeal for texture) on your workspace and roll each ball into an elongated "flatbread," 10 to 12 inches long and 4 inches wide. Brush both sides with olive oil. Melt the butter in a saucepan over medium-high heat and saute the peaches with the brown sugar and some salt and pe <END>
INPUT: frittata, boiling salted water, asparagus, peppers, eggs, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Peppers and Asparagus Frittata | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 quarts boiling salted water; 1 pound thin asparagus; 1/2 pound red and green peppers, thinly sliced; 6 eggs; Black pepper, to taste; 1 tablespoon olive oil; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 8 scallions, white and 2/3rds green part, thinly sliced; 1/4 cup packed chopped fresh Italian parsley; 1/2 cup freshly grated Parmigiano-Reggiano cheese | INSTRUCTIONS: Snap off thick ends of asparagus. Cut into 1/2-inch pieces. Blanch in salted water until bright green. Drain and refresh under cold water. Drain thoroughly. Preheat oven to 475 degrees F. Beat eggs with fork and season with salt and pepper. In large nonstick pan, heat oil and butter together over medium heat. Add the scallions. Stir and cook until wilted. Reduce heat to low and add asparagus. Cover skillet and cook 10 minutes until asparagus is tender. Season with salt and pepper. Add peppers and chopped parsley to skillet and toss well. Spread evenly over bottom. Pour in egg mixture. Eggs sho <END>
INPUT: Mexican, mixed greens, Salt taste, garlic, Italian parsley, cilantro
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mixed Greens with Garlic, Cumin and Paprika | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 12 cups mixed greens, such as kale, chard, beet, or escarole; Salt to taste; 3 large garlic cloves; 1 cup finely chopped Italian parsley; 1 cup finely chopped cilantro; 2 teaspoons hot or sweet paprika; 2 teaspoons ground cumin; 3 tablespoons fruity olive oil; Garnish: green or oilcured Moroccan olives, lemon wedges, and tomato (optional | INSTRUCTIONS: Discard any inedible parts of the greens, such as kale stems and tough ribs. Plunge the leaves into boiling salted water and cook until tender, 5 to 7 minutes. Drain, then chop into small pieces. Pound the garlic with 1/2 teaspoon salt in a mortar until you have a rough paste, then work in the parsley and cilantro and pound them briefly to release their flavors. Add the paprika and cumin. (If you do not have a mortar and pestle, chop the garlic with the parsley and cilantro, then add the spices.) Warm the oil in a wide skillet over medium heat with the garlicherb mixture. As soon as it release <END>
INPUT: mignonette, Champagne vinegar, shallot, pepper, sugar, flat leaf parsley
OUTPUT: TITLE: Oysters with Champagne-Vinegar Mignonette | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 teaspoons Champagne vinegar; 1 1/2 teaspoons finely chopped shallot; Pinch of coarsely ground black pepper; Pinch of sugar; 1 teaspoon finely chopped fresh flat-leaf parsley; 1 1/2 cups kosher or other coarse salt; 1/2 dozen small oysters, such as Kumamoto or Prince Edward Island, shells scrubbed well and oysters left on the half shell, their liquor reserved and ; 1/2 tablespoon unsalted butter, cut into 6 pieces; 1 small cluster Champagne table grapes or 2 finely diced seedless red grapes | INSTRUCTIONS: Make mignonnette: Stir together vinegar, shallot, pepper, and sugar and let stand 30 minutes. Stir together vinegar, shallot, pepper, and sugar and let stand 30 minutes. Prepare oysters: Preheat broiler. Spread 3/4 cup salt in an 8- to 10-inch flameproof shallow baking dish or pan. Arrange oysters on their shells in salt, then top each with a piece of butter. Broil 4 to 6 inches from heat until butter is melted and sizzling and edges of oysters are beginning to curl, 1 to 2 minutes. Stir parsley into mignonnette. Divide remaining 3/4 cup salt between 2 plates and arrange 3 oysters on each. Spo <END>
INPUT: Bob Evans® Savory, onion, celery, poultry seasoning
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sausage Stuffing | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound Bob Evans® Savory Sage or Original Recipe Sausage Roll; 1 large onion, diced; 3 stalks celery, diced; 1 (14 ounce) package cubed stuffing; 1 teaspoon poultry seasoning; 2 1/2 cups chicken broth; 1/2 cup melted butter | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large skillet over medium heat, crumble sausage. Add onion and celery and cook, stirring occasionally until sausage is brown. In a large bowl, place cubed stuffing. Add sausage mixture. Sprinkle with poultry seasoning. Pour broth and butter over the top and toss to combine. Spoon mixture into a 9x13 inch baking dish; cover. Bake at 350 degrees F for 45 minutes.; <END>
INPUT: wrapped, kebabs, kosher salt, sugar, bay leaves, thyme, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Bacon-Wrapped Pork Kebabs | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup kosher salt; 1/2 cup sugar; 2 bay leaves; 4 sprigs fresh thyme; 3 garlic cloves, smashed; 4 cups ice cubes; 16 to 20-ounce trimmed pork tenderloin or pork loin, cut into 24 1-inch cubes; 1 pound whole slab apple-wood smoked bacon, chilled; 2 teaspoons Italian seasoning; 1 tablespoon granulated garlic; 1 teaspoon paprika; 2 teaspoons kosher salt; 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; Canola oil, for brushing grill; Orange Honey Mustard Sauce, recipe follows | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: six 8-inch skewers For the brine: Combine salt, sugar, bay leaves, thyme, and garlic in a pot with 2 cups water. Bring to a boil and once everything has dissolved remove from heat. Add ice cubes to cool down and set aside. For the pork: Place the pork cubes in the cooled brine and set in the fridge for 45 minutes. Meanwhile, cut the bacon into six 1/2-inch-thick slices, about 2 1/2-ounces each. Set a large pot of cold water over high heat and add the bacon slices. Bring to a boil, reduce heat, and simmer for 5 minutes. In a small bowl, whisk together the Italian seasoning, g <END>
INPUT: American, burnt, wine vinegar, virgin olive oil, Coarse salt pepper, carrots, thyme
OUTPUT: TITLE: Burnt Carrots with Goat Cheese, Parsley, Arugula, and Crispy Garlic Chips | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar; 1/2 cup plus 1 to 2 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil; Coarse salt and freshly ground black pepper; 8 medium carrots (about 1 1/4 pounds), peeled; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh thyme; 1 small bunch flat-leaf parsley, leaves only; 2 bunches arugula, trimmed, washed, and dried; 6 ounces Bûcheron or similar goat cheese, sliced 1/2 inch thick; Crispy Garlic Chips | INSTRUCTIONS: To make the vinaigrette, pour the vinegar into a small bowl and whisk in 5 tablespoons of the extra virgin olive oil. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Set aside. Cut the carrots crosswise in half, then cut the halves into thick rough sticks. Toss in a bowl with 3 tablespoons of the olive oil, the thyme, and salt and pepper to taste. Heat a chapa or large cast-iron skillet over high heat. Working in batches if necessary, add the carrots in a single layer and cook, without turning, until they are charred on the bottom and almost burned, 3 to 5 minutes. Turn with a spatula and cook on the ot <END>
INPUT: crowd, eggs, water, heavy pinches salt, any combination, butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Omelet for a Crowd | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 10 eggs, warmed for 5 minutes in hot water; 1/4 cup water; 2 heavy pinches salt; 1/4 cup any combination chopped, fresh herbs (chives, parsley, tarragon, dill, or basil); 4 teaspoons room temperature butter, plus 2 teaspoons for finishing omelet; 1 cup of any combination sauteed peppers and onions, grated cheese, sauteed mushrooms, cooked and drained spinach | INSTRUCTIONS: Add eggs, water, salt, and herbs to blender and combine on high for 5 to10 seconds. Heat a 10-inch non-stick aluminum pan over medium-high heat. Once pan is hot add 1 teaspoon butter and brush around surface of pan. Using a 4 1/2-ounce ladle, place 1 ladle full of egg mixture into center of pan and stir vigorously with rubber spatula for 5 seconds. As soon as a semi-solid mass begins to form lift pan and move around until the excess liquid pours off into pan. Using your spatula move around the edge of the egg mixture to help shape into round and loosen edge. Let sit for 10 seconds without touc <END>
INPUT: American, toasts, grain bread, goat cheese, walnuts, roasted walnut oil, sea salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Goat Cheese Toasts with Walnuts, Honey & Thyme | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: whole-grain bread, 4 slices, each about 2 1/2 by 5 inches (6 by 13 cm), lightly toasted; fresh goat cheese, 3 oz (90 g), at room temperature; walnuts, 1/4 cup (1 oz/30 g) coarsely chopped; roasted walnut oil, 1 tsp; sea salt and freshly cracked black pepper; honey, for drizzling; fresh thyme leaves, 1/2 tsp | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven or toaster oven to 375°F (190°C). Arrange the toasts on a small rimmed baking sheet. Spread the toast slices evenly with the goat 1 cheese, and sprinkle with the walnuts, dividing them evenly. Drizzle 1/4 tsp of the walnut oil over each toast. Bake until the walnuts are toasted and the cheese is warm, about 5 minutes. Transfer the toasts to plates and season with salt and pepper. Drizzle each toast with honey, then sprinkle with the thyme leaves and serve. Preheat the oven or toaster oven to 375°F (190°C). Arrange the toasts on a small rimmed baking sheet. Spread the toast sli <END>
INPUT: ghosts, boiling potatoes, unsalted butter, milk, egg yolks, Nigella seeds
OUTPUT: TITLE: Potato Ghosts | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 pounds large boiling potatoes (preferably white-fleshed); 3/4 stick unsalted butter, cut into pieces; 1 1/4 cups whole milk; 3 large egg yolks; Nigella seeds (sometimes mislabeled "black onion seeds") or caraway seeds for garnish; Equipment: a potato ricer or a food mill fitted with medium disk; a pastry bag with 3/4-inch plain tip | INSTRUCTIONS: Peel and quarter potatoes, then cover with water in a 4-quart pot and season well with salt. Simmer, partially covered, until tender, 15 to 20 minutes. While potatoes are simmering, heat butter and milk in a small saucepan until butter is melted. Remove from heat and cover to keep warm. Preheat oven to 400°F with rack in middle. Drain potatoes and force through ricer into a large bowl (or mixer bowl if using stand mixer). Beat in milk mixture, yolks, and 1/2 teaspoon each of salt and pepper with an electric mixer at low speed until combined. Spread about one-third of potatoes in a buttered 1 1 <END>
INPUT: warm, salad, snow peas, Two semi, handful mixed mint, vegetable oil, Dijon mustard
OUTPUT: TITLE: Warm Mango and Prawn Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 1/3 ounces snow peas (mangetout); Two 10-ounce semi-ripe (but not green) mangos, peeled and julienned; 1 handful mixed fresh mint, Vietnamese mint, basil and perilla leaves, sliced; 1 tablespoon vegetable oil; 2 teaspoons Dijon mustard; 2 teaspoons rice wine vinegar; Sea salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 tablespoons vegetable oil; 3 red Asian shallots, thinly sliced; One 1-inch piece fresh ginger, peeled and julienned; 1 pound large raw prawns, peeled and deveined, tails intact; Juice of 2 limes | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring a saucepan of water to a boil. Add the snow peas and blanch for 1 minute. Drain, briefly refresh in cold water, then drain again. Slice lengthwise and place in a mixing bowl. Add the mango and most of the mint, reserving some mint for garnish. Set aside. For the dressing: Whisk together the oil, mustard and vinegar and season with salt and pepper. Heat a wok over medium heat. Add the vegetable oil and saute the shallots and ginger until caramelized, 3 minutes. Add the prawns and stir-fry until just cooked, 2 minutes. Stir in the lime juice to deglaze the pan, then season with salt and pe <END>
INPUT: whole, citrus, sea bass, Salt pepper, orange, lime, lemon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Baked Whole Sea Bass Citrus | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 black sea bass about 1 pound; Salt and pepper, to taste; 1 large orange, segmented, zest and juice reserved; 1 lime, segmented, zest and juice reserved; 1 lemon, segmented, zest and juice reserved; 1 pink grapefruit, segmented, zest and juice reserved; 3 ounces butter, melted; 3 ounces cleaned spinach leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. Clean the bass by removing the guts and the gills and trimming off the belly flap. Season the season with salt and pepper. Place the fish on foil and sprinkle with some citrus zest. Close the foil and cook for about 10 minutes oven. In a small sauce pot reduce the juice and the remaining zest. Slowly add the butter whisking constantly, season sauce and add all the segments, simmer. Saute the spinach and drain off any liquid. Remove the bass from the oven and from the foil, discard the citrus zest on it. Place the fish on top the spinach and ladle with the citrus  <END>
INPUT: American, all purpose flour, salt, vegetable shortening lard, salted butter, egg
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pecan Pie | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 3 cups all-purpose flour; 1 teaspoon salt; 3/4 cup vegetable shortening or lard; 3/4 cup salted butter, cut into pieces; 1 egg, lightly beaten; 1 tablespoon distilled white vinegar; 1 cup granulated sugar; 3 tablespoons brown sugar; 1/2 teaspoons salt; 1 cup corn syrup (light or dark); 1/3 cup melted salted butter; 1 teaspoon vanilla; 3 whole eggs beaten; 1 cup (heaping) chopped pecans | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. First, whip up the pie crust: Mix the flour and salt in a bowl. Add the vegetable shortening and salted butter. Work the butter into the flour using a dough cutter until the mixture resembles tiny pebbles. Add the egg, 5 tablespoons cold water and the white vinegar. Stir until just combined. Divide the dough in half and chill until needed. (You will only need one half for this recipe, reserve the other half for another use.) Next make the filling: Mix the granulated sugar, brown sugar, salt, corn syrup, butter, vanilla and eggs together in a bowl. Preheat the ove <END>
INPUT: American, green, eggs, half sour pickles, grain dijon mustard, virgin olive oil, parsley
OUTPUT: TITLE: Green Eggs and Ham | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 3 large eggs; 1/3 cup diced half-sour pickles, plus 2 tablespoons pickling liquid; 1 tablespoon whole-grain dijon mustard; 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, plus more for frying; 1/2 cup roughly chopped fresh parsley; 2 tablespoons minced fresh chives; 2 tablespoons minced fresh tarragon; Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper; 1 1/2 cups instant flour (such as Wondra); 1 cup milk; 1 ham steak (about 1 pound), cut into 4 equal pieces; 2 tablespoons capers, drained | INSTRUCTIONS: Place 2 eggs in a saucepan, cover with water and bring to a boil. Cook 8 to 10 minutes. Cool in a bowl of ice water. Peel the eggs, then separate the whites and chop them. Mash the yolks in a bowl, then whisk in 2 tablespoons warm water, the pickling liquid and mustard. Gradually whisk in the olive oil. Add 2 tablespoons parsley, the chives, tarragon, egg whites, pickles, 1/4 teaspoon salt, and pepper to taste. Combine the flour, the remaining 6 tablespoons parsley and a pinch of pepper in a shallow dish. In another dish, beat the remaining egg with the milk. Dip each piece of ham in the flour <END>
INPUT: lamb shoulder, Garlic, Rosemary, Sea salt, Olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: ROASTED SHOULDER OF LAMB | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 pound lamb shoulder; Garlic cloves, sliced; Rosemary sprigs; Sea salt; Olive oil; 1 tablespoon flour; 1/2 bottle red wine or vegetable stock | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Push garlic (3 to 4 slivers) into the shoulder of lamb. Cover with sprigs of rosemary, salt and a little olive oil. Roast uncovered for 3 1/2 to 4 hours. Remove lamb and leave to rest. Drain off the excess fat. Over the heat, add the flour to the pan of juices and cook for 1 to 2 minutes. Gradually add red wine or vegetable stock, stir until thick. <END>
INPUT: onions, Rub SW Seasoning, onion, BBQ Sauce
OUTPUT: TITLE: Kobe Beef Chateaubriand Fillet with Grilled Red Onions | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon Rub and SW Seasoning (recommended: KendrasKitchen); 2 (6-ounce) Kobe beef chateaubriand fillets; 1/2 red onion, thinly sliced; 1/3 cup BBQ Sauce (recommended: KendrasKitchen) | INSTRUCTIONS: Massage rub into fillets. Store in cooler or refrigerator. Baste red onions with BBQ Sauce and let sit for 15 to 20 minutes. Preheat grill. Grill fillets for about 4 minutes per side, or until desired degree of doneness. Remove from grill and let rest for 5 minutes. Grill onion slices for 1 minute on each side over low heat. Divide onion slices over fillets and serve. <END>
INPUT: jamaican, punch, Two cubes ginger, water, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Jamaican Sorrel Rum Punch | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 ounces (about 1 1/2 cups) dried sorrel calyxes (also called jamaica or hibiscus); Two 1-inch cubes of peeled fresh ginger, chopped fine; 3 whole cloves; 5 3/4 cups water; 3/4 cup sugar; 1 1/2 cups amber rum; 2 cups ice cubes, or to taste; Lime and orange slices for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: In a heat-proof bowl combine the sorrel, the ginger and the cloves. In a saucepan bring 5 cups of the water to a boil, pour it over the sorrel mixture, and let the mixture steep for 4 hours or overnight. While the mixture is steeping, in a small saucepan bring the remaining 3/4 cup water and the sugar to a boil, stirring until the sugar is dissolved, and let the syrup cool. Strain the sorrel liquid into a pitcher, discarding the solids, stir in the sugar syrup, the rum and the ice cubes, and garnish the punch with the lime and orange slices. In a heat-proof bowl combine the sorrel, the ginger  <END>
INPUT: Asian, chicken broth, hoisin sauce, soy sauce, Chinese vinegar, plum sauce
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spicy Eggplant | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons chicken broth; 1 tablespoon hoisin sauce; 1 tablespoon soy sauce; 2 teaspoons Chinese black vinegar; 2 teaspoons plum sauce; 4 Chinese eggplants (about 1 pound), stems removed; Vegetable oil, for deep-frying; 2 teaspoons minced garlic; 1 teaspoon minced ginger; 4 dried whole chile peppers; 2 green onions, cut into 2-inch lengths; 1/4 pound ground pork; Chopped cilantro leaves or sliced green onions | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine sauce ingredients in a small bowl; mix well. With a vegetable peeler, remove 1-inch strips of the eggplant skin, leaving a 1-inch strip of skin in between. Cut the eggplant into fourths lengthwise, then cut each section crosswise into 3-inch pieces. Pour enough oil into a 2-quart saucepan to fill 3 inches. Heat over medium heat to 350 degrees F. Deep-fry the eggplant batches until golden brown, about 3 minutes. Remove with a slotted spoon and drain well on paper towels. Place wok over a high heat until hot. Add 1 tablespoon of deep-frying oil and swirl to coat the sides. Add the garlic <END>
INPUT: Indian, chutney, virgin olive oil, onions, Fresno chile peppers, Braeburn Gala apples
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spicy Apple Chutney | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil; 2 medium onions, chopped; 2 Fresno chile peppers, seeded and finely chopped; 1 (1-inch) piece fresh ginger, grated or minced; 6 medium Braeburn or Gala apples, peeled and chopped; 2 tablespoons dark brown sugar; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh thyme; 1/4 cup dark amber maple syrup; 1/4 cup cider vinegar; 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice; Kosher salt; Freshly grated nutmeg | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat the extra-virgin olive oil in a saucepot over medium to medium-high heat. Add the onions, chiles and ginger to the pan and cook to soften, 10 to 12 minutes. Add the apples, dark brown sugar, thyme, maple syrup, cider vinegar, lemon juice, a little salt and nutmeg. Cover and cook, stirring occasionally, until a thick sauce forms, 15 to 20 minutes. Adjust the seasoning and transfer to a serving dish. <END>
INPUT: remoulade, celeriac, Granny Smith apple, egg yolk, wine vinegar, grainy Dijon mustard
OUTPUT: TITLE: Celeriac Remoulade | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound/450 g celeriac (1 medium); 1 Granny Smith apple; 1 egg yolk; 1 teaspoon white wine vinegar; 1 tablespoon grainy Dijon mustard; 1 cup/250 ml grapeseed oil; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; Lemon juice, to taste; 2 teaspoons crushed fennel seed | INSTRUCTIONS: Remove the skin from the celeriac, halve the bulb, and slice into very thin julienne slices. Julienne the apple, and toss both in a bowl. In a smaller bowl, whisk the yolk with the vinegar and mustard. Add the grapeseed oil, drop by drop to make a thick mayonnaise. Season with salt, pepper, and lemon juice, to taste. Stir in the fennel seed, and toss with the celeriac to coat. Cover and refrigerate until serving. Cook's Note: Several hours is fine: some would even argue it's de rigueur. <END>
INPUT: Asian, radishes, scallions
OUTPUT: TITLE: Edamame Salad with Wasabi Dressing | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1 (16-ounce) bag frozen shelled edamame (recommended: C and W); 4 radishes, thinly sliced; 2 scallions, thinly sliced; 1 (16-ounce) can baby corn cut into 1/2-inch pieces; 1 (2-ounce) jar sliced pimento; 1/3 cup Chinese chicken salad dressing; 1 teaspoon prepared wasabi; 1 tablespoon soy sauce | INSTRUCTIONS: Place frozen shelled edamame in a microwave-safe bowl with 2 tablespoons of water. Cover and cook on high for 6 to 8 minutes, stirring halfway through cooking time, When finished cooking, let sit covered for 1 minute. Transfer edamame to a bowl of ice water for 2 to 3 minutes. Drain. In a medium bowl, combine remaining vegetables. Add edamame when finished cooling and toss to combine. In a small bowl, combine salad dressing, wasabi, and soy sauce. Pour over salad and toss to combine. <END>
INPUT: smothered, onions, pork chops, Kosher salt pepper, EVOO, garlic, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pork Chops Smothered with Peppers and Onions | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 bone-in pork chops, 1 1/2-inches thick, at room temperature; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 3 tablespoons EVOO; 4 cloves garlic; 1 large onion; 1 to 2 cubanelle peppers; 1 red bell pepper, seeded; 1 red chile pepper; 1 teaspoon fennel seeds; 2 tablespoons tomato paste; 1/2 cup dry white or red wine; 1 1/2 cups chicken stock | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Sprinkle the chops with liberal amounts of salt and black pepper. Heat 2 tablespoons of the EVOO in a large skillet over medium-high to high heat. When the oil begins to smoke, add the chops and brown on both sides, 3 to 4 minutes per side. While the chops cook, slice the garlic, onion and peppers. Remove the chops from the skillet and add the remaining tablespoon oil. Then add the fennel seeds, garlic, onions and peppers and toss to soften, 5 minutes. Next, add the tomato paste and stir 1 minute. Deglaze the pan with the wine,  <END>
INPUT: mashed, russet potatoes, kosher salt, unsalted butter, milk, nutmeg
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mashed Potatoes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 pounds russet potatoes (about 4 medium), whole, scrubbed; 1 teaspoon kosher salt, plus more as needed; 1/4 cup unsalted butter; 3/4 cup whole milk; Freshly grated nutmeg (optional); Freshly ground black or white pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large saucepan, combine the potatoes, 1 teaspoon salt, and enough cold water to cover. Bring to a boil over high heat. Do not cover. Lower the heat to maintain a simmer and cook until fork tender, about 45 minutes. Drain the potatoes and return them to the pan. Swirl the pan over medium heat until the skins are dry, about 1 minute. Halve the potatoes crosswise. Put the halves in a ricer cut-side down and press the potato through the ricer into a bowl. The flesh should easily pass through the holes and the skins remain in the ricer. Discard the skin, and repeat with the remaining potatoes. <END>
INPUT: twice, sweet potatoes garnet, Fresno other chiles, honey, unsalted butter, Kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Twice-Roasted Sweet Potatoes With Hot Honey | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 medium sweet potatoes or garnet yams, scrubbed (about 3 pounds); 1 Fresno or other red chiles, thinly sliced; 1/4 cup honey; 4 tablespoons unsalted butter; Kosher salt; 2 tablespoons apple cider vinegar | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350°F. Poke holes all over sweet potatoes and wrap each in foil. Place on a foil-lined rimmed baking sheet and roast until potatoes are tender, 60–70 minutes (if you have one, use a cake tester to poke right through foil). Unwrap and let sit until cool enough to handle. Increase oven temperature to 450°F. Meanwhile, combine chile, honey, and butter in a small saucepan; season with salt. Bring to a simmer over low heat, stirring to combine. Remove from heat and stir in vinegar. Smash sweet potatoes with your palm, then tear into bite-sized pieces (including skin), the more irreg <END>
INPUT: flan, sugar, water, eggs, egg yolks, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Coconut Flan with Crispy Coconut Cookies | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup sugar, plus 2/3 cup; 2 tablespoons water; 6 eggs; 2 egg yolks, whites reserved for cookies; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 2 teaspoons vanilla extract; 2 (13.5-ounce) cans coconut milk; 1/2 cup all-purpose flour; 1/4 cup sugar; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 2 reserved egg whites, lightly beaten; 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted; 3 tablespoon sweetened flake coconut | INSTRUCTIONS: For the Flan: Preheat oven to 325 degrees F. In a small saucepan combine the 1/2 cup sugar until with 2 tablespoons water and heat until the sugar is completely dissolved and it turns a golden brown color. Carefully pour the caramelized sugar into the bottom of a 10-inch cake pan. Tilt the pan, from side to side, in a circular motion swirling the sugar around so that evenly coats the bottom of the pan. Place the cake pan into a baking dish large enough to accommodate the cake pan and set aside to cool. The sugar will harden as it cools. In a large mixing bowl combine eggs, egg yolks, salt, van <END>
INPUT: milk, active yeast, all purpose flour, egg, egg yolk
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pear Küchen | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/3 cup warm milk (105-115°F) 1/3 cup plus 1 teaspoon sugar; 1 1/2 teaspoons active dry yeast (from a 1/4-oz package); 1 1/2 cups all-purpose flour, plus additional for dusting; 1 whole large egg; 1 large egg yolk; 1/2 teaspoon vanilla; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 7 tablespoons unsalted butter, cut into pieces and softened; 3 firm-ripe Bosc pears (about 1 1/2 lb total); 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted; 1/4 cup packed dark brown sugar; 2 tablespoons plain fine dry bread crumbs; 3 tablespoons hazelnuts, toasted and chopped; 1/2 teaspoon cinnamon; Special equipment: a stand mixer fitted with paddle attachment; a 9- to 9 1/2-inch (24-cm) springform pan | INSTRUCTIONS: Make dough: Stir together milk and 1 teaspoon granulated sugar in bowl of mixer. Sprinkle yeast over mixture and let stand until foamy, about 5 minutes. (If yeast doesn't foam, discard and start over with new yeast.) Add 1/4 cup flour, beating at medium speed until combined. Add whole egg, yolk, vanilla, salt, and remaining 1/3 cup sugar and beat until combined. Reduce speed to low and gradually mix in 1 1/4 cups remaining flour. Increase speed to medium and add butter, then continue beating, stopping and scraping down side of bowl once or twice, until dough is shiny and forms strands from pad <END>
INPUT: Mexican, Olive oil, Salt pepper, eggs, butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Egg and Aged Sirloin Tortilla with Three Pepper Relish, Grilled Onion Relish, and Avocado Relish | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 4 (4 ounce) aged sirloin steaks; Olive oil; Salt and freshly ground pepper; 12 eggs; 4 tablespoons butter; Three Pepper Relish, recipe follows; Grilled Onion Relish, recipe follows; Avocado Relish, recipe follows; 8 flour tortillas, grilled for 30 seconds on each side; Chopped cilantro, for garnish; 1 poblano pepper, roasted, peeled, seed removed, and sliced thinly; 1 red pepper, roasted, peeled, seeds removed, and sliced thinly; 1 yellow pepper, roasted, peeled, seeds removed, and sliced thinly; Salt and freshly ground pepper; 1 red onion, peeled and sliced 1/2 inch thick | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat grill or grill pan over high heat. Brush steaks on both sides with olive oil and season with salt and pepper. Grill the steaks for 3 to 4 minutes on each side for medium-rare doneness. Let steaks rest for 2 minutes and then slice thinly on the diagonal. Beat the eggs in a large bowl and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Heat a large skillet over medium heat for 1 minute. Add the butter and let it melt completely, then turn the heat to low. Pour the eggs into the skillet. Cook over low heat, stirring with a wooden spoon until soft curds form. Place the scramble eggs in the middle o <END>
INPUT: layer, dark chocolate cake, chocolate milk, canola oil, eggs
OUTPUT: TITLE: Ultimate Layer Cake | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Cooking spray; 1 box dark chocolate cake; 1 cup chocolate milk; 1/2 cup canola oil; 6 eggs; 1 box milk chocolate cake; 1 cup cream soda; 1 stick unsalted butter, softened; 2/3 cup cream cheese, softened; 1 1/2 cups confectioners' sugar; 1 tablespoon cocoa powder; 1 tablespoon chocolate milk; 1 cup confectioners' sugar; 1/4 cup cocoa powder; 1 cup chocolate fudge sundae topping | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. For the cakes: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Grease four 12- by 8- by 1-inch baking pans with cooking spray and line with parchment paper. Prepare the dark chocolate cake according to package directions, using 1/4 cup canola oil and 3 eggs, and substituting the chocolate milk for the liquid. Bake in 2 of the prepared pans. Cool and remove the cakes from the pans. Prepare the milk chocolate cake according to package directions, using the remaining 1/4 cup canola oil and 3 eggs, and substituting the cream soda for the liquid. Bake in the remaining 2 pans. Cool <END>
INPUT: spiced, water, honey, ginger
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spiced Rum and Tea Punch | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 1/4 cups water; 1/3 cup honey; 1/4 cup (packed) golden brown sugar; 2 tablespoons chopped peeled fresh ginger; 16 whole cloves; 16 whole allspice; 1 vanilla bean, chopped; 1 tea bag (preferably Earl Grey); 1 750-ml bottle dry red wine; 1/4 cup dark rum; Crushed ice (if serving punch chilled) | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine water, honey, sugar, ginger, cloves, allspice and vanilla bean in heavy large saucepan. Bring mixture to boil over medium-high heat, stirring until honey and sugar dissolve. Boil 5 minutes. Remove from heat. Add tea bag; let steep 5 minutes. Strain syrup into bowl. Add wine and rum. If serving cold, refrigerate until chilled. (Can be prepared 1 day ahead. Cover and refrigerate.) If serving cold, fill 6 glasses with crushed ice. Ladle punch into glasses. If serving hot, bring to simmer in medium saucepan. Pour punch into cups. Combine water, honey, sugar, ginger, cloves, allspice and va <END>
INPUT: Indian, tandoori, murghi, cumin seeds, plain milk yogurt, garlic, gingerroot
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tandoori Murghi (Grilled Chicken Skewers) | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 2 teaspoons cumin seeds; 3 whole cloves; 1/4 cup plus 2 tablespoons plain whole-milk yogurt (preferably Middle Eastern); 3 tablespoons chopped garlic; 3 tablespoons chopped peeled fresh gingerroot; 1 1/4 teaspoons chili powder (preferably New Mexican); 1 1/4 teaspoons paprika; 1 teaspoon salt; One-pound boneless skinless chicken breasts; 36 (7-inch) bamboo skewers | INSTRUCTIONS: Accompaniments: Louki raita (recipe follows) Lime wedges Make marinade: In an electric coffee/spice grinder finely grind cumin seeds and cloves. In a blender blend ground spices with remaining marinade ingredients until smooth. Cut chicken breasts crosswise into 1/4-inch-thick strips and in a large sealable plastic bag combine with marinade. Seal bag, pressing out excess air and turn bag several times to coat chicken well. Marinate chicken at least 1 day and up to 2. While chicken is marinating, soak skewers in water at least 1 hour. Prepare grill (or preheat oven to its highest temperature, 5 <END>
INPUT: American, wrapped, petit, mushrooms, virgin olive oil, Salt, beef filets, flank steak
OUTPUT: TITLE: Flank Steak Wrapped Petit Filet with Smashed Potatoes with Creme Fraiche | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound mushrooms (button mushrooms or mixed mushrooms like shiitake, morels, porcini, chanterelles - you need 20 to 25 button mushrooms or 5 cups sli; Extra-virgin olive oil (about 1/4 cup, more if needed); Salt; 4 beef filets (4 to 6 ounces each); 1 flank steak (about 1 1/2 pounds); Freshly ground black pepper; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh thyme, plus 3 sprigs fresh thyme; 1 stick unsalted butter; 3/4 cup red wine; 1 cup half-and-half; 1 cup whole milk; 1 bunch asparagus, tough ends trimmed; 6 ounces sliced bacon, pancetta or prosciutto (about 6 slices), chopped; 1 1/2 tablespoons white wine vinegar; Smashed Potatoes with Creme Fraiche, for serving, recipe follows | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: kitchen string or toothpicks Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. With a paper towel, wipe all your mushrooms clean. (Don't soak them in water and then drain them. Mushrooms are like little sponges. They'll suck up water and get mushy.) Trim and discard the dried up part on the end of the mushroom stems. Spread the mushrooms on a large sheet pan and drizzle with some olive oil. Season with salt and toss to coat. Roast the mushrooms for 30 to 45 minutes. Using a paper towel, blot the filets and flank steak to remove excess moisture. Sprinkle both sides of the beef with salt and <END>
INPUT: baby, chicken thighs, all purpose flour, pearl onions, low salt chicken
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken with Baby Onions | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons (1/4 stick) butter; 4 large chicken thighs (about 1 1/2 pounds); 1 tablespoon all purpose flour; 16 pearl onions, peeled; 1 cup canned low-salt chicken broth; 1/3 cup dry white wine; 4 bay leaves; 1 tablespoon dried thyme | INSTRUCTIONS: Melt 2 tablespoons butter in heavy large skillet over high heat. Season chicken thighs with salt and pepper; sprinkle chicken on all sides with flour. Add chicken and pearl onions to skillet and sauté until chicken is golden, about 3 minutes per side. Add 1 cup canned low-salt chicken broth, 1/3 cup white wine, 4 bay leaves and 1 tablespoon dried thyme. Bring liquid to boil. Reduce heat to medium low, cover and simmer until chicken and onions are cooked through, about 25 minutes. Uncover and simmer until sauce thickens, about 8 minutes. Melt 2 tablespoons butter in heavy large skillet over hig <END>
INPUT: crostata, all purpose flour, sugar, salt, ice water
OUTPUT: TITLE: Apple Crostata | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cups all-purpose flour, plus more for the work surface; 2 tablespoons sugar; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 10 tablespoons (1 1/4 sticks) unsalted butter, chilled, cut into 1/2-inch pieces; 3 tablespoons ice water; 2 small Golden Delicious apples, peeled, halved, cored and cut into 1/8-inch-thick slices; 1 Pippin apple, peeled, halved, cored and cut into 1/8-inch-thick slices; 1/4 cup plus 1 tablespoon sugar; 1 teaspoon fresh lemon juice; 1 large egg white beaten with 1 tablespoon of water (for egg wash); 2 tablespoons sliced almonds, toasted | INSTRUCTIONS: Mix the flour, sugar and salt in a food processor. Add the butter. Pulse until the mixture resembles a coarse meal. Add the ice water and pulse until moist clumps form. Gather the dough into a ball; flatten into a disk. (If the dough still crumbles and does not form into a ball, add another tablespoon of ice water.) Wrap the dough in plastic and refrigerate until firm, about 1 hour. Position the rack in the center of the oven and preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Combine the apples, 1/4 cup of the sugar and lemon juice in large bowl; toss gently to blend. Set aside for 10 minutes. Meanwhile,  <END>
INPUT: Italian, cheesy, olive oil, onion, Salt pepper, Neufchatel style cream, light mayonnaise
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cheesy Onion Artichoke Dip | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 teaspoon olive oil; 1/2 onion, thinly sliced; Salt and pepper; One 8-ounce package Neufchatel-style cream cheese, softened; 1/2 cup light mayonnaise; One 14-ounce can artichoke hearts, drained and chopped; 3/4 cup shredded part-skim mozzarella cheese; 1/3 cup grated Parmesan; Dash hot sauce, such as Texas Pete's; Dash Worcestershire sauce; 4 green onions, thinly sliced (reserve half for garnish); Serving suggestions: crackers, tortilla chips, crostini or veggies | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Heat the oil in a nonstick medium skillet. Add the onions, season with 1/4 teaspoon kosher salt and cook over low heat, stirring frequently, until caramelized, 25 minutes; set aside. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. In a large mixing bowl, beat the cream cheese with a hand-held electric mixer until smooth; beat in the mayonnaise until smooth. Add the reserved caramelized onions, the artichoke hearts, mozzarella, Parmesan, hot sauce, Worcestershire and half of the green onions. Add an additional 1/4 teaspoon of salt and some black pepper to taste and stir togeth <END>
INPUT: American, sauce, low sodium beef, Four New York, kosher salt, pepper, unsalted butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled New York Strip Steak with Five-Peppercorn Sauce | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 4 cups low-sodium beef stock; Four 16-ounce New York strip steaks; 1 teaspoon kosher salt; 1 teaspoon fresh ground black pepper; 4 tablespoons unsalted butter; 2 shallots, minced; 2 tablespoons fresh cracked five-peppercorn blend; 1/2 cup brandy; 1/2 cup red wine; 1/2 cup heavy whipping cream; 2 tablespoons minced fresh parsley | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring the beef stock to a boil in a medium saucepan over medium-high heat. Immediately lower to a simmer and cook until reduced to 1/2 cup, about 45 minutes. Set aside. Preheat a grill to medium-high heat. Sprinkle the strip steaks with the salt and pepper and let sit for 15 minutes. Place the steaks on the grill, evenly spaced, and grill for 2 1/2 minutes; rotate a quarter turn and cook another 2 1/2 minutes¿this creates cross-hatch sear marks. Flip the steaks and repeat on the reverse side. Remove steaks to a baking sheet and let rest for 4 to 5 minutes. Combine 2 tablespoons of the butter,  <END>
INPUT: salad, bacon, garlic, virgin olive oil, sour cream, lemon juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Creamy Spinach and Bacon Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 bacon slices; 1 small garlic clove; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 2 tablespoons sour cream; 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 1 teaspoon brown or white sugar; 1/2 pound baby spinach; 1/4 cup coarsely grated Parmesan (1 ounce) | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook bacon until crisp and drain on paper towels. While bacon is cooking, mince garlic and mash to a paste with a pinch salt. Whisk together oil, sour cream, lemon juice, sugar, and garlic paste in a large bowl and season with salt and pepper. Add spinach and crumble bacon over it. Toss with cheese and dressing. Cook bacon until crisp and drain on paper towels. While bacon is cooking, mince garlic and mash to a paste with a pinch salt. Whisk together oil, sour cream, lemon juice, sugar, and garlic paste in a large bowl and season with salt and pepper. Add spinach and crumble bacon over it. Tos <END>
INPUT: salad, vinaigrette, seedless purple grapes, shallot, kosher salt more, virgin olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Arugula, Grape, and Almond Salad with Saba Vinaigrette | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 pound seedless red or purple grapes; 1 tablespoon minced shallot; 1 tablespoon (or more) Sherry vinegar; 1/4 teaspoon kosher salt plus more for seasoning; 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 1 tablespoon saba or aged balsamic vinegar plus more for drizzling; Freshly ground black pepper; 1/2 pound arugula (about 8 cups); 1/4 pound Roncal, Manchego, or Pecorino cheese, shaved with a peeler; 3/4 cup salted, roasted Marcona almonds, coarsely chopped; Ingredient info: Saba is available at specialty foods stores and ilmercatoitaliano.net. Marcona almonds can be found at natural and specialty foods st | INSTRUCTIONS: Finely chop 7 grapes; transfer to a small bowl. Cut remaining grapes in half; transfer to another small bowl and set aside. Using a fork, mash chopped grapes in bowl into a purée. Stir in shallot, 1 tablespoon Sherry vinegar, and 1/4 teaspoon salt and let sit for 5 minutes. Whisk in oil and 1 tablespoon saba. Season vinaigrette to taste with salt, pepper, and more Sherry vinegar, if desired. DO AHEAD: Vinaigrette and halved grapes can be prepared 8 hours ahead. Cover and chill vinaigrette and grapes separately. Bring vinaigrette to room temperature and rewhisk before continuing. Combine arugul <END>
INPUT: Indian, curry, Salt pepper, vegetable oil, onions, pureed garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lamb Curry | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 4 pounds boneless, trimmed lamb shoulder; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 cup vegetable oil; 3 onions, diced; 2 tablespoons pureed garlic; 2 tablespoons black mustard seeds; 2 tablespoons garam masala; 2 teaspoons turmeric; 2 teaspoons ground cardamom; 2 teaspoons ground cumin; 1 teaspoons dried red pepper flakes; 2 quarts brown lamb stock or canned chicken broth; Plain yogurt and Fried Onions, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Cut meat, as uniformly as possible, into 2 by 3 inch cubes. Generously sprinkle with salt and pepper. Heat oil in a large Dutch oven over high heat. Cook meat until golden brown on all sides, then reserve on a platter. In same pot, cook onions, stirring occasionally, until golden. Reduce heat to medium, add garlic and all dry spices, and cook about 3 minutes, stirring occasionally. Return meat to pan and pour in lamb stock. Bring to a boil, reduce to a simmer, and cook, uncovered, 1 hour 15 minutes. Occasionally skim and discard fat that rises to the top. Ladle warm stew over a bed of basmati  <END>
INPUT: layer, Tbs. self rising, granulated sugar, vegetable oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: My My's Strawberry Layer Cake | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 (18.5 oz.) box white cake mix (without pudding); 1 (3 oz.) package strawberry Jell-O; 1 Tbs. self-rising flour; 4 tsp. granulated sugar; 3/4 cup vegetable oil; 4 eggs; 1/2 cup water; 1/2 of a 10-oz. package of frozen strawberries, thawed and well-drained (reserving all the juice and the remaining berries); Reserved strawberries and juice, above; 2 (1 lb.) boxes confectioners' sugar, sifted; 1/2 cup (1 stick) unsalted butter; Red food coloring (optional) | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Grease and lightly flour three 8-inch round cake pans. Set them aside. To make the cake, combine the cake mix, Jell-O, flour and sugar in a large bowl. Mix well. Add the oil. Add the eggs one at a time, beating well after each addition. Add the water and the half package of strawberries to this mixture. Mix well. Divide the batter evenly into the prepared pans. Bake for 25-30 minutes or until a toothpick inserted into the middle of each layer comes out clean and the layers pull away from the sides of the pans. Transfer the layers from the oven to wire racks.  <END>
INPUT: strawberries, sugar, banana, rum, plain yogurt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Strawberries with Banana Yogurt | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 cups sliced strawberries; 1 tablespoon sugar; 1 banana, peeled and sliced; 1 tablespoon rum; 1/2 cup plain yogurt | INSTRUCTIONS: In small bowl combine strawberries and sugar. In blender combine banana, yogurt and rum. Blend until smooth. Pour blended mixture in wine glasses and layer with sliced berries. Chill before serving. <END>
INPUT: Indian, butter, grapeseed oil, garlic, ginger, onion, tomato paste
OUTPUT: TITLE: Butter Chicken | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons grapeseed oil; 2 tablespoons chopped garlic; 1 tablespoon chopped ginger; 1 small red onion, chopped; 2 tablespoons tomato paste; 1 tablespoon cumin seeds; 1 tablespoon garam masala; 1 tablespoon brown sugar; 1 teaspoon red chili flakes; 1 teaspoon salt; 1 teaspoon turmeric; 2 large chicken breasts, boneless and skinless, cut into 1-inch chunks; 1/4 cup low-fat yogurt | INSTRUCTIONS: Put a large skillet over medium-high heat and add the grapeseed oil. When it starts to get hot, add the garlic, ginger and onions, and cook until the onions are golden, about 4 minutes. Add the tomato paste, cumin, garam masala, brown sugar, chili flakes, salt and turmeric, and cook for 2 minutes. Add the chicken and stir well to coat. Stir in the yogurt and 1/2 cup water and cook until the chicken is done, 8 to 10 minutes. Let cool, and then shred the meat using a fork or your fingers. <END>
INPUT: pumpkin, streusel, pecans, light sugar, all purpose flour, pepitas, unsalted butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pumpkin Streusel Muffin | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 cup toasted and chopped pecans; 3/4 cup light brown sugar; 1/2 cup all-purpose flour; 1/2 cup toasted pepitas; 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted; Pinch fine salt; Muffins:; 1 cup all-purpose flour; 1 cup light brown sugar; 1/2 cup whole wheat flour; 2 teaspoons baking powder; 1 teaspoon dry ground ginger; 3/4 teaspoon fine salt; 1/2 teaspoon ground allspice; 1/4 teaspoon baking soda | INSTRUCTIONS: For the streusel topping: Combine the pecans, brown sugar, flour, pepitas, butter and salt. Squeeze into small clumps on a baking sheet and refrigerate until the streusel is chilled and firm, about 30 minutes. For the muffins: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Lightly grease the top of the muffin tray to keep the muffins from sticking. Line a 12-cup muffin tin with your favorite liners. Combine the all-purpose flour, brown sugar, whole wheat flour, baking powder, ginger, salt, allspice, baking soda and clove in a large bowl. Whisk together the pumpkin puree, buttermilk, eggs and butter in a s <END>
INPUT: truffle, tartlets, all purpose flour, unsweetened cocoa powder, salt, golden sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate Cognac Truffle Tartlets | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup all purpose flour; 1/4 cup plus 2 tablespoons unsweetened cocoa powder; Pinch of salt; 1/2 cup (1 stick) unsalted butter, room temperature; 1/2 cup packed golden brown sugar; 1 1/2 teaspoons vanilla extract; 1 1/4 cups whipping cream; 2 tablespoons (1/4 stick) unsalted butter; 10 ounces bittersweet (not unsweetened) or semisweet chocolate, chopped; 3 tablespoons Cognac or brandy; 2/3 cup finely chopped toasted pecans; 4 1/2-inch-wide by 5-inch-long paper strips; Unsweetened cocoa powder | INSTRUCTIONS: FOR CRUST: Mix first 3 ingredients in small bowl. Using electric mixer, beat butter, brown sugar and vanilla in medium bowl until creamy. Add flour mixture and stir with fork until coarse crumbs form. Gather dough into ball; flatten into disk. Wrap in plastic; chill until beginning to firm, about 20 minutes. Divide dough into 4 equal pieces. Press 1 dough piece evenly over bottom and up sides of each 4 1/2-inch-diameter tartlet pan with removable bottom. Freeze 20 minutes. Meanwhile, preheat oven to 350°F. Line crusts with foil; fill with dried beans or pie weights. Bake crusts until set, abou <END>
INPUT: salad, beans, olive oil, wine vinegar, Dijon mustard
OUTPUT: TITLE: New Potato and Green Been Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 (3-pound) bag new potatoes, quartered; 1 pound fresh green beans, cut into bite-sized pieces; 1/3 cup olive oil; 2 1/2 tablespoons white wine vinegar; 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard; 1/4 teaspoon dried dill; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/2 teaspoon ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large saucepan, add potatoes to enough water to cover. Bring to a boil, and boil for 8 minutes. Add green beans, return to a boil and cook for 2 minutes. Drain and cool slightly. Place potatoes and green beans in a serving bowl. In a small bowl, whisk together olive oil and next 5 ingredients. Pour over potato and green beans, tossing gently to coat. Cover and chill. <END>
INPUT: bananas, lemon juice, granulated sugar, egg yolks, heavy cream
OUTPUT: TITLE: Hot Banana Crème Brûlée | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 medium firm-ripe bananas; 2 teaspoons fresh lemon juice; 2 tablespoons granulated sugar; 2 large egg yolks; 1/2 cup heavy cream; about 1 tablespoon turbinado sugar such as Sugar in the Raw brand | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350°F. Break 1 banana into pieces and purée in a blender with lemon juice, granulated sugar, and yolks until smooth. In a very small saucepan heat cream over moderate heat until hot and add banana mixture, stirring until combined well. Divide mixture between two 2/3-cup ramekins. Put ramekins in a metal baking pan and fill pan with enough boiling-hot water to reach halfway up sides of ramekins. Put pan in middle of oven and lay a sheet of foil over each ramekin. Bake custards until set, about 30 minutes. Set broiler rack so that custard tops will be 1 1/2 to 2 inches from heat  <END>
INPUT: stew, wine, three live lobsters, carrots, onions, freshlovage leaves celery
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lobster Lovage Stew | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups dry white wine; three 1 1/4-pound live lobsters; 4 large carrots; 2 onions, quartered; 1 cup packed freshlovage leaves or celery leaves; 2 bay leaves; 3/4 teaspoon dried thyme, crumbled; 1/2 cup packed fresh parsley sprigs, washed and spun dry; 1/4 teaspoon whole black peppercorns; 1 cup finely chopped shallot; 4 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1 tablespoon all-purpose flour; a 28- to 32-ounce can tomatoes, drained and chopped; 1 cup heavy cream | INSTRUCTIONS: In a 10- to 12-quart kettle bring 8 quarts water and 1 1/2 cups wine to a boil. Plunge lobsters into liquid headfirst and return liquid to a boil. Simmer lobsters, covered, 12 minutes. Have ready a bowl of ice and cold water. With tongs plunge lobsters immediately into bowl of ice water to stop cooking and reserve cooking liquid. Working over a bowl to catch juices, twist off tails and claws and reserve juices. Discard head sacs. Reserve tomalley and any roe if desired and remove meat from tails and claws, reserving shells. Cut meat into bite-size pieces and chill, covered, in a bowl. Chop 2 c <END>
INPUT: crusted, sauce, garlic, fine sea salt, coriander seeds, mixed peppercorns
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spice Crusted Ham with Maple Mustard Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 (8 to 10-pound) fully cooked shank-end ham; 4 garlic cloves; 1 1/2 teaspoons fine sea salt; 1 tablespoon whole coriander seeds; 1 tablespoon mixed peppercorns (containing black, pink, white, and green peppercorns but not allspice); 1 tablespoon all-purpose flour; 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened; 1/2 cup Dijon mustard; 1/4 cup Grade B maple syrup | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. For Ham: Remove any thick skin from ham and all but about 3/4-inch layer of fat. Mince and mash garlic with salt to a paste. Coarsely grind coriander and peppercorns in coffee/spice grinder and stir together with flour, butter, and garlic paste in a bowl. Spread spice paste all over ham, then put ham, cut side down, in a greased large roasting pan. Bake in middle of oven until crust is golden and an instant-read thermometer inserted into center (do not touch bone) registers 150 degrees F, about 1 1/4 hours. Transfer ham to a platter and let stand 15 minutes befor <END>
INPUT: American, hanukkah, stars, cream cheese, sugar, egg yolks, vanilla extract
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cream Cheese Hanukkah Stars | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 sticks (1/2 pound) unsalted butter, softened; 8 ounces cream cheese; 1 cup sugar; 2 large egg yolks; 1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 1 3/4 cups all-purpose flour, plus more for rolling; 1 large egg; 1 tablespoon milk; Colored sanding sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: In electric mixer, beat butter, cream cheese, and sugar at high speed until fluffy, about 5 minutes. Add egg yolks, vanilla, and salt and beat at medium speed until blended. Add flour and mix at low speed until just combined. Divide dough into thirds, form into 3 disks, and wrap in plastic wrap or waxed paper. Chill until firm, at least 1 hour or up to 2 days. Arrange racks in upper and lower thirds of oven and preheat to 375°F. Line 2 heavy large baking sheets with parchment paper. Beat together whole egg and milk to create egg glaze. Remove 1 dough disk from refrigerator. On well floured wor <END>
INPUT: best quality gin, Quick Peach Raspberry, peach flavored sparkling, very peaches, granulated sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Gin and Jam | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 ounces best-quality gin; 2 tablespoons Quick Peach-Raspberry Jam, recipe follows, or your favorite jam; Splash peach-flavored sparkling water or club soda; 2 pounds very ripe peaches, peeled and coarsely chopped; 1/2 to 3/4 cup granulated sugar; Juice of 1/2 lemon; 1 pint raspberries | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine the gin, jam and some ice cubes in a cocktail shaker. Shake for 15 seconds, then strain into a coupe glass. Top with a splash of sparkling water. Serve immediately. Combine the peaches, sugar and lemon juice in a nonreactive medium saucepan and bring to a boil over high heat, stirring occasionally. Reduce the heat and simmer, mashing the peaches occasionally with a potato masher, until the mixture thickens and sticks to a spoon, about 20 minutes. Remove the saucepan from the heat and stir in the raspberries. Let cool to room temperature, stirring occasionally. Transfer the jam to a non <END>
INPUT: sauce, chestnuts chestnut puree, butter, garlic, anise seed, pink roses open
OUTPUT: TITLE: Quail in Rose Petal Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 8 to 10 fresh chestnuts or 1/2 cup chestnut puree; 2 tablespoons butter; 4 garlic cloves, peeled and sliced; 1 teaspoon anise seed; 10 red or pink roses with open blooms, petals only, unsprayed; 1 large red "tuna" cactus fruit, or the meat of 1 large or 2 small meat plums, such as Elephant Heart or Santa Rosa, peeled, seeded and chopped; 1 cup chicken stock or water; 2 tablespoons honey; Salt and pepper to taste; 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground white pepper; Red food color; 8 quail, fresh or frozen and thawed, cleaned; 1/2 teaspoon salt; Freshly ground black pepper; 8 garlic cloves, peeled | INSTRUCTIONS: For the sauce: Make an X over the flat ends of the chestnuts with a small sharp knife. Toast in oven at 350 degrees F 10 to 12 minutes. Bring 1 quart water to a boil and drop in the chestnuts. Boil, uncovered, for 20 minutes and drain. Set aside to cool. When the chestnuts are cool enough to handle, peel the shells and remove the skins. Place them in the blender. Melt the butter in a large skillet and saute the garlic and anise seed until lightly browned. Add the rose petals, and the cactus or plums and saute 1 to 2 minutes. Add to the blender with honey, salt and pepper and puree while slowly <END>
INPUT: Mexican, paste, garlic, unsweetened coconut milk, roasted peanuts, lime lemon juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cilantro Paste | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 4 cups (packed) cilantro leaves (about a pound of coriander weighed with stems on); 2 cloves peeled garlic; 1/2 cup unsweetened coconut milk; 1/2 cup roasted peanuts; 1/4 cup fresh lime or lemon juice; Salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Rinse the cilantro well and pat dry. Place the leaves in a food processor with the garlic, coconut milk, peanuts and lime juice. Process into a fine puree and season with 1 teaspoon of salt or to taste. Divide into 1/4 cup containers and freeze. USES: Use to liven up a Tofu and vegetable salad or to spoon into a plain chicken broth with vermicelli. <END>
INPUT: indulgence, bittersweet chocolate, unsalted butter, sugar, eggs, all purpose flour
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate Indulgence | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 ounces bittersweet chocolate, finely chopped; 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature; 1/4 cup sugar; 2 large eggs, at room temperature; 1 tablespoon all-purpose flour; About 1/2 cup Chocolate Sauce, warmed; 1 cup raspberries | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 400F. Have ready four 1/2-cup ramekins, muffin molds, or disposable aluminum cups. If they are not nonstick, lightly coat them with nonstick baking spray. Arrange the ramekins on a rimmed baking sheet. In the top half of a double boiler, combine the chocolate, butter, and sugar. Place over (not touching) barely simmering water in the bottom pan and heat, stirring constantly with a wooden spoon, until melted, fully blended, and smooth. Add the eggs one at a time, whisking well after each addition. Remove from the heat and add the flour, stirring just to combine. Divide the b <END>
INPUT: pound, cake, water, sugar, off Riesling, rosemary, vanilla bean
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cornmeal Pound Cake with Rosemary Syrup, Poached Pears, and Candied Rosemary | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 cups water; 2 cups sugar; 1 cup dry or off-dry Riesling; 3 fresh rosemary sprigs; 1 vanilla bean, split lengthwise; 1/4 teaspoon whole black peppercorns; 8 Forelle pears or other small pears, peeled, stems left intact; 1 cup all purpose flour; 1 cup yellow cornmeal; 1 cup (2 sticks) unsalted butter, room temperature; 1 1/3 cups sugar; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 5 large eggs, beaten to blend in medium bowl; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; 1 cup sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: For pears: Combine first 6 ingredients in large saucepan. Stir over medium heat until sugar dissolves. Add pears and bring syrup to boil, turning pears occasionally. Reduce heat to medium-low, cover, and simmer until pears are tender, about 20 minutes. Chill pears uncovered in syrup until cold, at least 3 hours. DO AHEAD Can be made 2 days ahead. Cover and keep chilled. Combine first 6 ingredients in large saucepan. Stir over medium heat until sugar dissolves. Add pears and bring syrup to boil, turning pears occasionally. Reduce heat to medium-low, cover, and simmer until pears are tender, abo <END>
INPUT: milk, heavy, sugar, salt, egg yolks
OUTPUT: TITLE: Red Bean Ice Cream | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 cups whole milk; 1 cup heavy (whipping) cream; 2/3 cup sugar; 1/8 teaspoon salt; 3 egg yolks; 2 tablespoons cornstarch; 1 3/4 cups Anko (red-bean paste); 1 tablespoon pure vanilla extract (optional) | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. Set aside 1/4 cup of the milk in a small bowl. Combine the rest of the milk with the heavy cream and 1/3 cup of the sugar in a heavy, medium-large pot over medium heat. Let the milk mixture get very hot but not quite scalded. 2. Meanwhile, combine the remaining 1/3 cup sugar, the salt, and the egg yolks in a heat-proof bowl, and whisk until the yolks thicken slightly and get lighter in color. 3. Add the cornstarch to the milk you set aside in the small bowl, smushing it in with your fingertips to make an absolutely smooth paste. 4. When the milk and cream mixture is almost boiling, whisk in <END>
INPUT: sauce, filets mignons, olive oil more, Kosher salt pepper, mushrooms, shallots
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Filet Mignon with Brandy Mustard Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 6-ounce filets mignons; 1 tablespoon olive oil plus more for brushing; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 10 ounces sliced mushrooms (such as button, crimini, or stemmed shiitake; about 4 1/2 cups); 2 shallots, finely chopped (about 1/2 cup); 1/2 cup brandy; 1/2 cup low-salt beef broth; 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard; 2 teaspoons fresh thyme leaves; 1/2 cup heavy cream; Cayenne pepper; 2 tablespoons thinly sliced fresh chives | INSTRUCTIONS: Prepare a medium-hot fire in a charcoal grill, or heat a gas grill to high. Brush steaks with oil; season with salt and pepper. Grill steaks until cooked to desired doneness, 5-6 minutes per side for medium-rare. Transfer steaks to a plate and let rest for 5 minutes Meanwhile, heat 1 tablespoon oil in a large cast-iron skillet set on grill alongside steaks. Add mushrooms and shallots to skillet and stir until mushrooms are tender and browned in spots and shallots are tender, 4-5 minutes. Remove skillet from heat; stir in brandy (caution: Mixture may ignite). Return skillet to grill. Add broth, <END>
INPUT: magnolia, chicken broth, coarse stone grits, heavy cream, Salt pepper, spicy Italian sausage
OUTPUT: TITLE: Magnolia's Spicy Shrimp, Sausage, and Tasso Gravy Over Creamy White Grits | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 12 cups chicken broth; 4 1/2 cups coarse stone ground white grits; 1 cup heavy cream; Salt and white pepper; 1/2 pound spicy Italian sausage; 1 tablespoon olive oil; 2 pounds medium or large peeled and deveined shrimp, see Cook's Note; 1 1/2 cups chicken broth; Tasso gravy, recipe follows; 2 tablespoons finely chopped parsley; 4 tablespoons butter; 1/2 cup sliced tasso, cut into 1-inch strips; 1/2 cup flour; 4 cups chicken broth; 2 tablespoons finely chopped parsley | INSTRUCTIONS: To make the grits, bring the chicken broth to a boil in a heavy-bottomed stockpot or large saucepan. Slowly pour in grits, stirring constantly. Reduce the heat to low and continue to stir so that the grits so not settle to the bottom and scorch. In about 5 minutes, the grits will plump up and become a thick mass. Continue to cook the grits for about 20 to 25 minutes, stirring frequently. The grits should have absorbed all of the stock and become soft. Stir in the heavy cream and cook for another 10 minutes, stirring frequently. The grits should have a thick consistency and be creamy, like oatm <END>
INPUT: boston, fish, lobster, canola oil, shallots, carrot, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pan-Seared Boston Cod Fish with Crab and Lobster Brandy Cream Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: One 1 1/2-pound lobster; 1 1/2 tablespoons canola oil; 2 shallots, minced; 1 small carrot, minced; 2 cloves garlic, minced; 2 to 3 sprigs fresh thyme, leaves removed; 1 1/2 tablespoons Sherry; 1 1/2 tablespoons brandy; 1/4 cup chicken broth; 1 teaspoon tomato paste; Salt and pepper; 1/2 cup heavy cream; Canola oil; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/2 teaspoon pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: For the sauce: Steam lobster for 15 minutes. Cool completely, 45 minutes to 1 hour, and remove the meat from the shells. Keep claw meat whole. Coarsely chop tail meat. Break up all shells and save for the sauce. Reserve lobster meat in the refrigerator. Heat canola oil in saute pan and saute vegetables with thyme leaves until shallots are transparent. Add reserved lobster shells to pan and cook for 1 minute, stirring shells to completely heat and coat. Pour in sherry and then brandy to deglaze pan; simmer for 2 minutes. Add the chicken broth and simmer on low heat until reduced by half, about  <END>
INPUT: shortbread, butter, Tbs., table salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Rosemary-Cornmeal Shortbread | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Nonstick cooking spray or softened butter, for preparing the pan; 1 1/2 cups (6 oz./170 g) cake flour, sifted; 1/3 cup (1 1/2 oz./42 g) stone-ground cornmeal; 2 Tbs. (1/2 oz./15 g) cornstarch; 1/2 tsp. table salt; 12 Tbs. (6 oz./170 g) unsalted butter, softened; 1/2 cup (2 oz./57 g) confectioners' sugar, sifted if lumpy; 1 1/2 tsp. finely chopped fresh rosemary; 1/2 tsp. pure vanilla extract; Fleur de sel or coarse sanding sugar (optional) | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. Lightly grease a 9 1/4-inch (23 cm) fluted tart pan with removable bottom. Whisk the flour, cornmeal, cornstarch, and salt in a medium bowl until well blended. 2. Put the butter and confectioners' sugar in the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment (or in a large bowl using an electric handheld mixer fitted with wire beaters). Beat on medium speed until smooth and creamy, about 3 minutes. Add the rosemary and vanilla and beat on medium until blended and fragrant, about 1 minute. Add the flour mixture and beat on low speed until the dough forms moist clumps. Dump the dough i <END>
INPUT: ganache, bittersweet Vahlrona Chocolate, unsalted butter, sugar, eggs, yolks
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate Ganache | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 pound bittersweet Vahlrona Chocolate; 1/2 pound diced unsalted butter (2 sticks); 2 1/4 ounces sugar; 4 eggs, lightly beaten; 4 yolks; 2 1/4 ounces cake flour, sifted | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Butter 12 (4-ounce) ramekins. Melt chocolate and butter in double boiler, stirring gently. Add sugar. Remove from heat and keep warm. In a large bowl beat eggs and yolks until volume is doubled. Fold in flour gently until well incorporated. Fold 1/4 of warm chocolate mixture with egg mixture, to temper. Combine mixtures by folding gently. Fill ramekins 2/3 full. Bake for 4 to 6 minutes. <END>
INPUT: American, sliders, Farm Rich Buffalo, regular dinner rolls, sour cream, vegetable mix
OUTPUT: TITLE: Buffalo Chicken Sliders | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 package Farm Rich Buffalo Style Boneless Chicken Bites; 1 package regular dinner rolls; 1 cup sour cream; 1 package dry vegetable mix | INSTRUCTIONS: Add dry vegetable dip mix to sour cream and stir to combine. Refrigerate. Prepare Farm Rich Boneless Buffalo Style Chicken Bites according to package instructions. Place Chicken Bite in dinner roll. Top with veggie dip. <END>
INPUT: Asian, noodle, stir, sesame seeds, Asian sesame oil, mirin, soy sauce
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sweet Potato Noodle Stir-Fry with Choy Sum and Shiitake Mushrooms | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons sesame seeds; 1/4 cup Asian sesame oil; 1/4 cup mirin (sweet Japanese rice wine)*; 3 tablespoons soy sauce; 3 tablespoons (packed) golden brown sugar; 2 tablespoons oyster sauce*; 10 green onions, chopped; 6 ounces fresh shiitake mushrooms, stemmed, caps cut into 1/3-inch-thick slices; 1 pound choy sum or baby bok choy, just enough of bottoms cut off to separate stalks; stalks and leaves cut crosswise into 2-inch-wide strips; 1/4 pound snow peas (strings removed), cut in half lengthwise; 1 medium carrot, peeled, cut into matchstick-size strips (about 1 cup); 8 ounces Chinese vermicelli with sweet potato starch; 3 tablespoons vegetable oil, divided; 3 large shallots, sliced into thin rounds, divided | INSTRUCTIONS: Stir sesame seeds in heavy medium skillet over medium-low heat until lightly toasted, about 4 minutes. Transfer to small dish. Mix next 5 ingredients in small bowl. Stir in green onions and 2 tablespoons toasted sesame seeds; season with salt and pepper. Transfer 3 tablespoons sauce to medium bowl and mix in mushrooms; marinate 15 minutes. Blanch choy sum, snow peas, and carrot in large pot of boiling salted water 1 minute. Using strainer, transfer vegetables to colander. Rinse with cold water and set aside to drain. Return water to boil; add noodles. Cook until just tender but still slightly  <END>
INPUT: butter, sugar, cinnamon, plums
OUTPUT: TITLE: Brown Sugar Grilled Plums with Lemon Sorbet | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Cooking spray; 2 tablespoons butter, melted; 2 teaspoons brown sugar; 1/4 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 4 large or 8 small plums, halved and pitted; 2 cups lemon sorbet; Candied peanuts and fresh mint for garnish, optional | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Coat an outdoor grill or stove-top grill pan with cooking spray and preheat to medium-high. In a small bowl, whisk together melted butter, brown sugar and cinnamon. Brush mixture all over flesh side of plums. Grill plums, flesh side down, 5 minutes, until soft. Serve plums with lemon sorbet. Garnish with candied peanuts and mint, if desired. <END>
INPUT: Asian, meatballs, granulated sugar, fish sauce, distilled rice vinegar, garlic, carrot
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lemongrass-Chicken Meatballs on Rice Vermicelli | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup granulated sugar; 1/4 cup fish sauce (nam pla or nuoc mam); 1/4 cup distilled white or rice vinegar; 4 cloves garlic, minced; 1/2 carrot, shredded on the large holes of a box grater; 2 Thai bird or serrano chiles, seeded and minced; 10 ounces thin rice vermicelli; 3 tablespoons vegetable oil; 2 cloves garlic, chopped; 6 scallions, white and green parts, thinly sliced; 1 stalk lemongrass; 1 pound ground chicken; 1 1/2 tablespoons minced shallots; 1 tablespoon fish sauce (nam pla or nuoc mam); 1 tablespoon cornstarch | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. To make the dipping sauce, bring 1/2 cup water and the granulated sugar to a boil in a small saucepan over high heat, stirring to dissolve the sugar. Pour into a bowl and let cool. Add the fish sauce, vinegar, garlic, carrot, and chiles and stir well. 2. To prepare the vermicelli, place in a medium bowl and add enough hot tap water to cover. Let stand until the vermicelli is tender, about 10 minutes. Drain and rinse under cold running water. Drain again and return to the bowl. Toss with 1 teaspoon of the vegetable oil. 3. To make the scallion oil, pour the remaining vegetable oil into a med <END>
INPUT: cookies, all purpose flour, baking soda, fine salt, cinnamon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Go-To Chocolate Chip Cookies | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 1/4 cups all-purpose flour; 3/4 teaspoon baking soda; 1/2 teaspoon fine salt; 1/8 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1 stick (4 ounces) unsalted butter, at room temperature; 1 cup light brown sugar; 1/2 cup granulated sugar; 2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract; 2 large eggs; 12 ounces semisweet chocolate chips | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper. Whisk the flour, baking soda, salt and cinnamon together in a medium bowl and set aside. Beat the butter, brown sugar and granulated sugar with an electric mixer on medium-high speed in a large bowl until well combined, about 2 minutes. Add the vanilla and eggs and beat until light in color, 2 to 3 minutes. Add the flour mixture and mix on low speed until well incorporated. Fold in the chocolate chips by hand using a rubber spatula. Using a small scoop or tablespoon, drop level tablespoonsful of dough onto the prepare <END>
INPUT: French, mini, Kosher salt, bay leaf, shrimp, celery, shallot
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mini Shrimp Rolls | CUISINE: French | INGREDIENTS: Kosher salt; 1 bay leaf; 1 pound medium shrimp, peeled and deveined; 1 rib celery, minced; 1 small shallot, minced; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh tarragon; 1/3 cup mayonnaise; 1/2 teaspoon Dijon mustard; 1/2 lemon, juiced; Freshly ground pepper; 12 slider rolls, split; 3 tablespoons butter; 1 clove garlic, minced | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat the broiler. Bring a large pot of water to a simmer. Add a large pinch of salt, bay leaf and the shrimp and simmer for 2 minutes. Drain and rinse under cold water to stop the cooking. Dry very well with paper towels and then chop the shrimp. Combine the celery, shallot, tarragon, mayonnaise, Dijon mustard, lemon juice, salt and pepper in a medium bowl, and then stir in the shrimp. Combine the butter and garlic together in a medium-size microwave-safe bowl and melt in the microwave until melted, about 20 seconds. Brush the top and bottoms of the rolls with the garlic butter. Place under th <END>
INPUT: kosher salt, fava pods, shrimp, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Shrimp And Fava Beans | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup kosher salt, plus more for seasoning; 3 pounds whole fava pods, about 1 1/2 cups beans after shelling; 4 tablespoons (1/2 stick) unsalted butter, cut into small pieces; 1 1/2 pounds medium shrimp, peeled and deveined; Freshly ground black pepper; Juice of 1 lemon; 1/2 cup fruity white wine; 1 or 2 radishes, thinly sliced; Flat-leaf parsley leaves for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Set a large pot on the stove. Put in 1 gallon water and 1 cup kosher salt. Bring to a boil. Ready a large bowl of ice water. Tear open the fava pods and remove the beans, discarding the outer pods. Place the beans in the boiling water for 1 to 2 minutes, then remove with a slotted spoon and transfer to a bowl of ice water to stop the cooking. When cooled, remove the outer hull of each bean and place the shelled beans in a bowl, discarding the hulls. Set aside. Place the butter and the shrimp in a wide skillet and set on the stove. Turn the heat to the lowest setting and stir as the butter melt <END>
INPUT: Indian, vegetable, lemongrass, garlic, water
OUTPUT: TITLE: Vegetable and Chicken Curry | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 3 large stalks lemongrass; 4 large garlic cloves, coarsely chopped; 1 (3- to 4-inch) dried hot red chile, seeds removed and chile crumbled; 1 (1/2-inch) piece fresh or frozen turmeric (thawed if frozen), peeled; 2 1/2 cups plus 4 to 5 tablespoons water; 6 whole star anise; 1 (13 1/2- to 14-ounce) can unsweetened coconut milk; 1/4 cup unsalted roasted peanuts; 1 tablespoon Thai red curry paste (preferably Mae Ploy brand); 1 1/2 pounds skinless boneless chicken breasts, cut into 2-inch pieces; 1/4 cup Asian fish sauce (preferably 3 Crab brand); 1 1/2 tablespoons sugar; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1 tablespoon creamy peanut butter; 2 1/2 cups 1-inch pieces peeled and seeded buttercup squash (from a 1 1/2-lb piece of squash) | INSTRUCTIONS: Discard 1 or 2 outer layers from lemongrass and trim root ends. Thinly slice enough of lower 6 inches of stalks to yield 1/2 cup, then finely grind in a blender with garlic, chile, turmeric, and 4 tablespoons water until a coarse paste forms, adding another tablespoon water if too thick to blend. Set aside. Heat star anise in a dry 8-quart heavy pot over moderate heat, stirring occasionally, 10 minutes. Add coconut milk and peanuts and boil over moderately high heat, uncovered, stirring frequently, until very thick, about 5 minutes. Reduce heat to moderately low, then stir in curry paste and l <END>
INPUT: caramel, natural licorice, Lady apples, Seckel pears, granola, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Caramel Apples and Pears | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 12 natural licorice sticks, cinnamon sticks, or bamboo skewers, each 6-inches long; 6 Lady apples, stems removed; 6 Seckel pears, stems removed; 2 cups granola; 1 cup sugar; 1/2 cup dark corn syrup; 2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract; 3 tablespoons water; 4 tablespoons (1/2 stick) unsalted butter; 1 cup heavy cream | INSTRUCTIONS: Insert a licorice stick, cinnamon stick, or bamboo skewer into the stem end of each apple and pear. Spread the granola on a baking sheet; reserve. Have ready 1 or more cooling racks or a large sheet of parchment paper for cooling the caramel fruits. In a saucepan over low heat, combine the sugar, corn syrup, vanilla extract, and water. Cook, stirring, until the sugar melts. Add the butter and cream, raise the heat to medium-high, and bring to a boil. Cook, stirring occasionally, until the caramel registers 240 degrees F on a candy thermometer, about 10 minutes. Remove from the heat and let coo <END>
INPUT: Mexican, tacos, onion, wine vinegar, olive oil, ancho chile powder, oregano
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fish Tacos | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 red onion, thinly sliced; About 1 1/2 cups red wine vinegar; 1/4 cup olive oil; 1 1/2 teaspoons ancho chile powder; 1 1/2 teaspoons dried oregano; 1/2 teaspoon ground cumin; 1/4 cup lightly packed fresh cilantro leaves, chopped, plus more for garnish; 1 jalapeño, stemmed and chopped; 1 pound flaky white fish (such as mahi mahi or cod), cut into 4 pieces; Salt; 8 fresh corn tortillas; Mexican crema, homemade or store-bought; Fresh Tomato Salsa; 2 limes, cut into quarters | INSTRUCTIONS: Marinate the Onion Put the onion in a small bowl and pour in enough red wine vinegar to cover well. Set aside for at least 30 minutes or up to several weeks. Put the onion in a small bowl and pour in enough red wine vinegar to cover well. Set aside for at least 30 minutes or up to several weeks. Marinate the Fish Pour the olive oil into a small bowl and add the ancho chile powder, oregano, cumin, chopped cilantro, and jalapeño. Mix well. Place the fish on a dish and pour the marinade over it, making sure to coat the fish well on both sides. Allow to marinate for 20 minutes. Pour the olive oil  <END>
INPUT: Asian, beef, low sodium soy, sherry sherry, cornstarch, sugar, ginger
OUTPUT: TITLE: Beef with Snow Peas | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup low-sodium soy sauce; 3 tablespoons sherry or cooking sherry; 2 tablespoons cornstarch; 2 tablespoons brown sugar; 1 tablespoon peeled and minced fresh ginger; 1 1/2 pounds flank steak, trimmed of fat and sliced very thin against the grain; 3 tablespoons peanut or olive oil; 8 ounces fresh snow peas, trimmed; 5 whole scallions, cut into 1/2-inch pieces on the diagonal; Crushed red pepper; Salt, as needed (use sparingly!); Jasmine or long grain rice, cooked according to package directions | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. In a bowl, mix together the soy sauce, sherry, cornstarch, brown sugar and ginger. Add the beef to a separate bowl and pour one-third of the liquid over the top. Save the rest of the liquid. Toss the beef and set aside. Heat the oil in a heavy skillet (iron is best) over high heat. Add the snow peas and stir for 45 seconds and get as much color on them as possible. Remove to a plate. Allow the skillet to get very hot again. With tongs, add half the meat mixture, leaving most of the marinade still in the bowl. Spread out the meat as you add it to skillet, but do n <END>
INPUT: Mexican, burritos, Rice, Salsa
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chipotle Chicken Rice Burritos | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup Rice, cooked to package directions; 1/2 cup Salsa, hot style; 1 can (16 ounces) Pinto beans, drained and rinsed; 1 cup (6 ounces) Boar's Head Chipotle Chicken, sliced 1/4" thick, diced; 1 cup (6 ounces) Boar's Head 3 Pepper Colby Jack; sub; /sub; cheese, shredded; 4 Sandwich wraps, sundried tomato flavor; Nonstick cooking spray | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. In large bowl, mix together cooked rice, salsa, pinto beans, Chipotle Chicken and 1/2 cup of the 3 Pepper Colby Jack™ cheese. Lay sandwich wrap on a clean, flat work surface. Place 1/2 cup of the chicken mixture in center of sandwich wrap and fold up like a package. Repeat with remaining wraps. Spray baking sheet with cooking spray and place burritos on baking sheet; lightly spray burritos with cooking spray. Top with remaining 1/2 cup of 3 Pepper Colby Jack™ cheese. Bake for 6-8 minutes until heated through; serve warm. <END>
INPUT: butter, peaches, lemon, virgin olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken and Peaches | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons butter; 4 peaches, pitted, thickly sliced or halved; 1/2 lemon, juiced; 1 1/2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 4 pieces boneless, skinless chicken thighs; 2 pieces boneless, skinless chicken breast; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 shallot, chopped; 1 (2-inch) piece ginger, grated or minced; 3/4 cup chicken stock; 2/3 cup peach preserves; 2 teaspoons hot sauce (recommended: Frank's Red Hot); 2 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Heat a medium skillet with the butter over medium heat. Add the peaches and the juice of 1/2 lemon, and cook until tender and lightly golden, 10 minutes. Turn off the heat. While the peaches cook, heat 1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil, a turn of the pan, in a large skillet over medium-high to high heat. Cut the chicken breasts in half across the center of each breast to make 4 equal portions. Add the chicken breasts and thighs to the pan and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Cook until the chicken is cooked through, about 12 minutes, then remove to a plat <END>
INPUT: Asian, canola oil, wonton wrappers, Salt, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Scallops with Mango and Avocado | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups canola oil, plus 3 tablespoons divided; 10 wonton wrappers; Salt, as needed; 1/2 pound (U20) sea scallops, patted dry; Freshly cracked black pepper, as needed; 1/2 mango, small diced; 1/2 avocado, small diced; 2 tablespoons coconut milk; 1/2 teaspoon hot sauce (recommended: Sriracha); 1/2 lime, juiced | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. In a medium pot, bring 2 cups canola oil to 350 degrees F. Using a 2 1/2-inch biscuit cutter, cut out the center of each wonton wrapper. Fry the wontons in small batches until they are brown and crispy, about 2 minutes. Drain on a plate lined with a paper towel and season each with a bit of salt. Heat the remaining 3 tablespoons canola oil in a large heavy-bottomed skillet over high heat. Pat the scallops dry with a paper towel and season both sides with salt and pepper, to taste. Sear the scallops in the skillet for 3 minutes per side. In a medium bowl, combine  <END>
INPUT: sauce, butter, onion, garlic, cumin, cinnamon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Pork Loin with Beer Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons butter; 1 large red onion, thinly sliced; 2 garlic cloves, minced; 1 teaspoon ground cumin; 1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1/4 teaspoon ground allspice; 2 (12ounce) bottles beer (not dark); 1/2 cup Dijon mustard; 1/4 cup honey; 1 (3 1/2) pound boneless pork loin, tied; 2 tablespoons vegetable oil; 1 tablespoon butter, room temperature; 1 tablespoon all purpose flour | INSTRUCTIONS: Melt 2 tablespoons butter in heavy large saucepan over mediumhigh heat. Add onion and saute until tender and golden brown, about 15 minutes. Add garlic, cumin, cinnamon and allspice and stir 1 minute. Add beer, mustard and honey and bring to boil (sauce will foam). Remove from heat. Puree in batches in blender until smooth. Cool to room temperature. Pour into baking dish. Add pork loin; turn to coat. Cover and refrigerate 8 hours or overnight, turning occasionally. Preheat oven to 375 degrees F. Remove pork from marinade; pat dry. Reserve marinade. Heat oil in heavy large skillet over medium h <END>
INPUT: Mexican, cheese, quesadilla, Eight wheat tortillas, olive oil, spicy Dijon mustard, low sodium Swiss, very low sodium
OUTPUT: TITLE: Ham, Apple and Cheese Quesadilla | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: Eight 6-inch whole wheat tortillas; Cooking spray or olive oil, for oiling tortillas; 1 tablespoon spicy brown or Dijon mustard; 1 cup shredded low-sodium Swiss (4 ounces); 4 ounces very thinly sliced low-sodium lean Black Forest or Virginia ham; 1/2 small red onion, extra thinly sliced; Freshly ground black pepper; 1 1/2 tablespoons no-sugar-added apple butter, plus more for topping, optional; 2 small apples, cut into thin sticks (red and green); Lemon juice and ground cinnamon for tossing | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 200 degrees F. Spray 4 of the tortillas with cooking spray (or brush with olive oil). Lay the oiled tortillas on a large cutting board oiled-side down. Brush with the mustard and sprinkle with about half of the cheese. Top each evenly with a thin layer of ham, onions and some pepper, and then finish with the remaining cheese. Brush the apple butter evenly on the remaining tortillas. Place one apple-butter tortilla on top of a ham-and-cheese tortilla (filling sides in), and firmly press the tortillas together to make a quesadilla. Heat a large nonstick skillet over medium he <END>
INPUT: Mexican, margarita, coconut water, sugar, lime juice, coconut shavings, Ice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Coconut Margarita | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2 1/2 cups coconut water, chilled; 1/2 cup sugar; 1 tablespoon lime juice; 1/4 cup finely shredded coconut shavings; Ice, for serving; 1/2 cup coconut rum; 1/4 cup white chocolate liqueur; 1/4 cup tequila | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. In a small pot over medium heat, combine 1/2 cup coconut water with the sugar. Heat until the sugar has dissolved. Remove from the heat, add the lime juice and let cool to room temperature, about 20 minutes. Place the coconut shavings on a small plate. Dip the rims of 4 margarita glasses into the coconut simple syrup just to dampen. Invert the glasses onto the coconut to coat the rims. Fill the glasses with ice. In a pitcher, combine the remaining 2 cups coconut water, the rum, white chocolate liqueur, tequila and 1/4 cup of the coconut simple syrup. Stir and pou <END>
INPUT: fish, Vegetable oil, wheat breakfast cereal, all purpose flour, packet garlic ranch, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fish and Chips with Tartar Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Vegetable oil; 3 cups dry wheat breakfast cereal squares; 1 cup all-purpose flour; 1 packet garlic ranch dressing mix; 1/8 teaspoon salt; 1 pound Halibut fillets cut into 3 by 1-inch strips; 2 eggs, lightly beaten; Chips, recipe follows; Tartar Sauce, recipe follows; 1/4 cup sweet relish; 1 cup mayonnaise; 1 teaspoon yellow mustard; 1/2 lemon, juiced; Salt and pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Fill fryer with vegetable oil to its maximum level, or fill a deep pot no more than halfway with the oil. Preheat fryer to 350 degrees F. Fill a gallon resealable plastic bag with 3 cups wheat cereal. Using a rolling pin, lightly crush cereal into small crumbs. Set aside. In a shallow bowl, combine flour, ranch dressing mix, and salt. Coat fish with seasoned flour mixture then shake off excess flour. Dip in eggs and roll in crushed cereal. Continue with remaining fillets. Carefully add 3 to 4 pieces in fryer and cook until golden brown and crisp. Repeat with remaining fillets. Serve with tarta <END>
INPUT: sauce, milk, egg yolks, fine sea salt, pure vanilla extract
OUTPUT: TITLE: Vanilla Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup whole milk; 4 egg yolks; 1/3 cup (2 1/4 ounces) granulated sugar; 1/8 teaspoon fine sea salt; 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract; 2 to 4 tablespoons liquor (optional) | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat the milk in a 2-quart saucepan over medium-low heat just until warm. In a bowl, whisk together the yolks, sugar, and salt until slightly thickened and lighter in color. Slowly pour half of the warm milk into the yolkmixture, whisking continuously. Next, pour the yolk mixture back into the saucepan and cook over medium heat, stirring constantly, until the mixture thickens and thickly coats the back of a spoon. Set a bowl over an ice bath, then strain the custard through a fine-mesh sieve set over the bowl. Add the vanilla and stir until cool. Stir in liquor to taste, then refrigerate for a <END>
INPUT: melba, saute, gingersnaps, butter, peaches, salt, lemon juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Peach Melba Saute and Ice Cream | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup gingersnaps; 3 tablespoons butter, cut into pieces; 4 peaches, sliced; Pinch salt; 1 teaspoon lemon juice; 3 tablespoons brown sugar; 1/4 teaspoon ground cinnamon; Pinch nutmeg, to taste; 1/2 pint raspberries; 1 pint vanilla ice cream | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Lightly crush gingersnap cookies and add to food processor. Crumb the cookies with pulse setting of the processor. Heat the butter to melt in a medium skillet over medium heat. Add the peaches to the skillet and season with salt, add lime juice and saute to soften the slices 6 to 7 minutes. Sprinkle in brown sugar and toss to coat. Season peaches with cinnamon and nutmeg. Spoon peaches into dessert cups and top with small scoops of ice cream, top with ginger crumbles. <END>
INPUT: spiced, oranges, vanilla low fat, eggs, orange juice, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spiced Cake with Almonds and Caramelized Oranges | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 (18.25-ounce) box spice cake mix; 1/2 cup vanilla low-fat yogurt; 3 eggs; 1 cup orange juice; 1 cup sugar; 1 tablespoon ground cinnamon; 1 orange, thinly sliced; 2 cups sliced almonds, toasted; Cheese Frosting:; 2 cups cream cheese frosting; 1 teaspoon cinnamon extract | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Lightly coat 2 (8-inch) cake pans with cooking spray. Set aside. To make the cake, in a large mixing bowl, combine cake mix, yogurt, and eggs. Beat with an electric mixer on low speed for 30 seconds. Scrape down sides of bowl and beat on medium speed for 2 minutes. Turn batter into prepared caked pans and bake in preheated oven for 30 to 35 minutes or until tester inserted into center comes out clean. Cool cakes in pans for 10 minutes and then turn onto wire racks to cool completely. Cut a thin layer off the top of each cake to make level. To make the caramelized <END>
INPUT: salad, warm, Two bags baby, pancetta, unsalted butter, vegetable oil, pears
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pan-Fried Balsamic Pear Salad with Pancetta, Gorgonzola and a Warm Honey Dressing | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Two 5-ounce bags baby arugula; 16 slices pancetta, about 6 ounces; 3 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1 tablespoon vegetable oil; 4 pears, peeled, cored and quartered; Kosher salt; Freshly ground black pepper; 3 tablespoons honey; 3 tablespoons balsamic vinegar; 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard; 2 tablespoons pine nuts, toasted; 6 ounces gorgonzola cheese, crumbled | INSTRUCTIONS: Distribute the arugula evenly among four serving plates. Put the pancetta into a medium skillet over medium-high heat and cook until really crispy, 3 to 4 minutes. Remove and drain on paper towels. Put 2 tablespoons butter and the oil into the skillet and reduce the heat to low. When the butter has melted, place the pears in the pan and season with salt and pepper and 2 tablespoons honey. Turn up the heat to medium and cook until the pears are lightly caramelized, about 5 minutes. Add 1 tablespoon vinegar and cook for another minute. Remove the pears from the pan, reserving any juices that may <END>
INPUT: barbeque, rice vinegar, soy sauce, water, Kosher salt, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Ribs with Peanut Barbeque Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup rice vinegar; 1/4 cup soy sauce; 2 quarts water; 1/4 cup Kosher salt; 1/4 cup sugar; 2 tablespoons Chinese five spice; 2 (3-pound) racks pork ribs, St. Louis style; 2 tablespoons creamy peanut butter; 3 tablespoons soy sauce; 1 tablespoons honey; 1/4 cup ketchup; 1 tablespoon Chinese five spice; 1 teaspoon crushed red pepper; 2 tablespoons rice vinegar | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat oven to 275 degrees F. Add all of the ingredients for the brine except for the ribs in a large sauce pot and bring to a boil just to dissolve the sugar and the salt. Remove the brine from the heat and cool. Place the ribs into a plastic zip top bag and pour the cooled brine over the top. Refrigerate for at least 6 hours and up to 12. Remove the ribs from the brine, place on a sheet pan fitted with a rack, and cover with foil. Place in the oven and cook, covered, for 1 hour. In a medium bowl, whisk together all of the Peanut BBQ Sauce ingredients and set a <END>
INPUT: salad, Bibb lettuce, Kosher salt pepper, shallots, chives, Italian parsley leaves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Bibb Lettuce Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 heads Bibb lettuce; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 tablespoons minced shallots; 2 tablespoons minced chives; 1/4 cup Italian parsley leaves; 1/4 cup tarragon leaves; 1/4 cup chervil leaves; 1/2 cup House Vinaigrette; 1 tablespoon plus 1 teaspoon fresh lemon juice | INSTRUCTIONS: Carefully cut out the core from each head of lettuce and separate the leaves, but keep each head of lettuce together; discard any tough outer leaves. Because each head of lettuce will be reassembled, the easiest way to work is with one head at a time. First, place the leaves in a bowl of cold water to refresh them and remove any dirt, then lift out and spin-dry in a salad spinner. Place the leaves from a single head of lettuce in a bowl. Sprinkle with a pinch of salt, a few grinds of pepper, 1 1/2 teaspoons of the shallots and chives, and 1 tablespoon each of the parsley, tarragon, and chervil <END>
INPUT: Asian, sticky, Kosher salt pepper, virgin olive oil, butter, honey, Sesame seeds
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sticky Honey-Soy Chicken Wings | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 2 tablespoons butter; 1/2 cup honey; Sesame seeds, for garnish; 2 pounds chicken wings; 1 cup low sodium soy sauce; 1 tablespoon grated fresh ginger; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro leaves; 2 cloves garlic, minced; 1/2 lemon, juiced | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Rinse chicken wings and pat dry. Remove tip and discard; separate each wing at the joint into 2 pieces. Place wings in a shallow dish and pour over the soy sauce, ginger, cilantro, garlic, and lemon juice. Toss well to coat; marinate, refrigerated, for 2 hours. Remove wings from marinade and pat dry; season with salt and pepper. In a large saute pan over medium-high heat, melt the butter in the olive oil. When the butter stops foaming, add the honey and chicken wings and fry until browned on each side, about 5 minutes. Continue cooking the wings, turning them ove <END>
INPUT: shortbread, unsalted butter, sugar, rosemary, salt, all purpose flour
OUTPUT: TITLE: Rosemary Chocolate Chip Shortbread | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup unsalted butter (1 stick), softened to room temperature; 1/4 cup sugar; 1/2 teaspoon dried rosemary, crushed; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1 cup all-purpose flour; 1/3 cup mini chocolate chips | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the oven to 300 degrees F. Cream the butter with the sugar using a handheld mixer. Mix in the rosemary, salt, and flour, 1/4 cup at a time. Sprinkle in the chocolate chips, and stir by hand until well-distributed. Gather the dough into a ball. (If the dough begins to soften or feel greasy, chill the dough for 15 minutes.) Roll the dough out into a rectangle of 1/2-inch thickness and cut into rectangles about 1/2-inch by 2-inches. Place the dough pieces on a cold ungreased baking sheet. Prick the tops with a fork. Bake the shortbread until the dough starts <END>
INPUT: Italian, tiramisu, strawberry preserves, Cointreau other orange, orange juice, mascarpone cheese, whipping cream
OUTPUT: TITLE: Strawberry Tiramisu | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/4 cups strawberry preserves; 1/3 cup plus 4 tablespoons Cointreau or other orange liqueur; 1/3 cup orange juice; 1 pound mascarpone cheese, room temperature; 1 1/3 cups chilled whipping cream; 1/3 cup sugar; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; 52 (about) crisp ladyfingers (boudoirs or Savoiardi); 1 1/2 pounds strawberries, divided | INSTRUCTIONS: Whisk preserves, 1/3 cup Cointreau, and orange juice in 2-cup measuring cup. Place mascarpone cheese and 2 tablespoons Cointreau in large bowl; fold just to blend. Using electric mixer, beat cream, sugar, vanilla, and remaining 2 tablespoons Cointreau in another large bowl to soft peaks. Stir 1/4 of whipped cream mixture into mascarpone mixture to lighten. Fold in remaining whipped cream. Hull and slice half of strawberries. Spread 1/2 cup preserve mixture over bottom of 3-quart oblong serving dish or a 13x9x2-inch glass baking dish. Arrange enough ladyfingers over strawberry mixture to cover  <END>
INPUT: cake, all purpose flour, unsalted butter, salt, egg yolk, water
OUTPUT: TITLE: Leek and Potato Cake | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 7 ounces all-purpose flour; 1 stick unsalted butter; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 1 large egg yolk; 3 tablespoons cold water (for emergency); 3 medium Yukon gold potatoes, peeled; 2 leeks, trimmed, dark greens removed, rinsed well and sliced; 1 shallot, finely chopped; 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 2 tablespoons butter, plus more for topping; 2 ounces chopped guanciale, optional; 3 large farm fresh eggs; 1/2 cup whole milk; 1/3 cup freshly grated Parmesan, plus more for sprinkling; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: For the dough: Add the flour, butter and salt into the bowl of a stand mixer. Run the machine at its slowest setting for 5 to 7 minutes. Add the yolk, and as the butter starts breaking into the dough, you will notice that your mix will start looking like coarse crumbs. As time goes by, the crumbs will become smaller and smaller until the dough will start forming. This is the only tricky part: in case the dough is not forming right (it's usually because of a small egg yolk), slowly add the cold water, not all at once, just the right amount for the dough to come alive and start detaching from th <END>
INPUT: breasts, sauce, duck breast, Bosc pear, apple juice, cornstarch, Calvados Armagnac
OUTPUT: TITLE: Crispy Duck Breasts with Pear and Green Peppercorn Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 pounds boneless duck breast (4 boneless breast halves, cut from two 5 1/2- to 6-pound ducks); 1 firm-ripe Bosc pear; 3/4 cup apple juice; 1/2 teaspoon cornstarch; 2 tablespoons Calvados or Armagnac; 1 tablespoon green peppercorns packed in brine, drained and crushed lightly; 1 tablespoon duck or veal demiglace or 1/2 extra-large vegetarian vegetable bouillon cube; 1 teaspoon fresh thyme leaves or 1/4 teaspoon dried, crumbled; Fresh thyme sprigs | INSTRUCTIONS: Trim excess fat from duck breasts, reserving fat for sauteing vegetables. Heat a 12-inch heavy skillet over high heat until very hot. Pat breasts dry and season with salt. Put breasts, skin side down, in skillet and reduce heat to moderate. Cook breasts 20 minutes, or until skin is crisp and mahogany-colored, removing fat from skillet as it is rendered with a metal bulb baster (or very carefully pouring it off). Turn breasts and cook about 2 minutes for medium-rare or to desired doneness. Transfer breasts to a plate and keep warm, covered loosely. While duck breasts are cooking, peel pear and  <END>
INPUT: scones, all purpose flour, sugar, poppy seeds, baking powder, lemon peel
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lemon-Poppy Seed Scones | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 cups all purpose flour; 1 cup plus 1 tablespoon sugar; 3 tablespoons poppy seeds; 1 tablespoon baking powder; 2 teaspoons grated lemon peel; 1 teaspoon salt; 10 tablespoons (1 1/4 sticks) chilled unsalted butter, cut into small pieces; 1 large egg; 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 1/3 cup (or more) whole milk | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 375°F. Position rack in top third of oven. Mix flour, 1 cup sugar, poppy seeds, baking powder, lemon peel, and salt in processor. Add butter and cut in, using on/off turns, until mixture resembles coarse meal. Whisk egg and lemon juice in medium bowl to blend. Add to flour mixture. Using on/off turns, process until moist clumps form. Add 1/3 cup milk. Using on/off turns, process just until dough comes together, adding more milk if dough seems dry. Using floured hands, gather dough into ball. Flatten into 8-inch round. Cut round into 8 wedges. Transfer scones to large baking she <END>
INPUT: French, bites, jellied cranberry sauce, wheel Brie, mini toasts, prosciutto
OUTPUT: TITLE: Brie, Cranberry and Prosciutto Bites | CUISINE: French | INGREDIENTS: One 14-ounce can jellied cranberry sauce; One 9-ounce wheel Brie; One 2.75-ounce package white mini toasts; 1/4 pound sliced prosciutto, cut into 1/2-inch strips | INSTRUCTIONS: Unmold the cranberry sauce from the can, and slice into 1/4-inch-thick rounds. Trim the rounds into 1-inch squares. Remove the outer rind from the wheel of Brie, leaving the top and bottom rind intact. Cut across into 3/4-inch-thick slices, then cut the slices into 1-inch pieces. Put Brie squares on mini toasts and top with pieces of cranberry sauce, then wrap in prosciutto and secure with decorative toothpicks. Serve at room temperature. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, mango, cilantro, lemon juice, unseasoned rice wine, canola oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chipotle-Mango BBQ Chicken | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cups mango, peeled, pitted and roughly chopped; 3/4 cup fresh cilantro (loose pack, not chopped, stems andall); 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 2 tablespoons unseasoned rice wine vinegar; 1 tablespoon canola oil, plus extra for grill; 4 cloves garlic, peeled; 2 chipotle peppers in adobo, plus 1 tablespoon adobo sauce; 2 teaspoons kosher salt; 1 teaspoon freshly cracked black pepper; 2 pounds chicken thighs and drumsticks, bone in, skin on | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Put the mango, cilantro, lemon juice, vinegar, oil, garlic, chipotle, salt and pepper in a food processor and puree until smooth. Adjust seasonings to taste. Add the chicken with half of the chipotle-mango sauce to a resealable plastic bag, and massage to coat the chicken with the sauce. Refrigerate at least 6 hours to marinate. Put the other half of the chipotle-mango sauce into a small saucepan and simmer over low heat until thick, stirring often, about 15 minutes. Set some of the simmered sauce aside to serve on the side, and baste the chicken every few minute <END>
INPUT: Mexican, cuban, pulled, pork butt, canola oil, oregano leaves, garlic, Kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cuban Pulled Pork Tacos with Guava Glaze, Sour Orange Red Cabbage-Jicama Slaw and Chipotle Mayonnais | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: One 4-pound boneless pork butt; 3/4 cup canola oil; 1/2 cup fresh oregano leaves; 10 cloves garlic, finely chopped; Kosher salt; 1 1/2 cups guava jelly; 1/4 cup Dijon mustard; 1/4 cup fresh orange juice; 2 tablespoons fresh lime juice; Freshly ground black pepper; 16 corn tortillas, warmed; Chipotle Mayonnaise, recipe follows; Sour Orange, Red Cabbage and Jicama Slaw, recipe follows; Fresh cilantro leaves, for serving; 3/4 cup mayonnaise | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Special equipment: Roaster box with probe thermometer, such as La Caja China; sufficient charcoal to cook pork butt for 4 to 5 hours (about 30 pounds) For the pork: Using a paring knife, make small slits over the entire surface of the pork. Put the pork in a large roasting pan or bowl. Combine the oil, oregano, garlic and a big pinch of salt in a blender and blend until smooth. Rub into the slashes. Cover and refrigerate at least 8 hours and up to 24 hours. Whisk together the guava jelly, mustard, orange and lime juices in a bowl and season with salt and pepper.  <END>
INPUT: rosace, caviar, striped sea bass, unsalted butter, vermouth, lemon grass, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Bass Rosace, Steamed in Lemon Grass, Served with Caviar and Lemon Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 7-pound striped sea bass fillet, bones removed, cut into long thin strips; 3/4 pound unsalted butter (1/2 pound cubed), plus 1 tablespoon; 3 tablespoons vermouth; 1 pound lemon grass stalks; 1 onion, roughly chopped; 1 celery stalk, roughly chopped; 1 carrot, roughly chopped; 4 sprigs of thyme; 1 bay leaf; 1 bottle champagne; Handful of peppercorns; 8 shallots, thinly sliced; 1 tablespoon olive oil; 4 lemons, peels removed and cut in half, reserved; 1 garlic clove | INSTRUCTIONS: To prepare the fish: Line a sheet tray with parchment paper and arrange the sliced bass in a single layer. In a small sauce pot, bring 1/4 pound unsalted butter and vermouth to a high simmer, melting butter. Remove from heat. When slightly cooled, brush both sides of fish with butter glaze. To form the rosace: Take one strip of bass and wrap tightly around your index finger. Remove your finger and tightly wrap another strip around centerpiece. Repeat procedure until you have formed a rose (approximately 7 strips per rose). When rose is shaped, fan out top of rose by bending top part of the fis <END>
INPUT: Indian, samosa, triangles, Yukon Gold boiling, onion, garam masala, cumin seeds, coriander seeds
OUTPUT: TITLE: Potato Samosa Phyllo Triangles | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 pound Yukon Gold or boiling potatoes; 1 large onion, chopped (2 3/4 cups); 1 teaspoon garam masala (Indian spice blend); 1 teaspoon cumin seeds; 1 teaspoon coriander seeds; 1/4 cup vegetable oil; 1/2 cup frozen peas, thawed; 12 (17- by 12-inch) phyllo sheets, thawed if frozen; 3/4 stick unsalted butter, melted and cooled; Indian chutney | INSTRUCTIONS: Peel potatoes and cut into 1/2-inch cubes. Put in a medium saucepan with 1 teaspoon salt and enough water to cover by 1 inch. Simmer until tender, about 15 minutes, then drain in a colander. Cook onion, spices, and 3/4 teaspoon salt in oil in a 12-inch nonstick skillet over medium-high heat, stirring occasionally, until golden brown, 8 to 10 minutes. Add potatoes and peas and cook, stirring, 3 minutes, then remove from heat and cool slightly. Preheat oven to 375°F with racks in upper and lower thirds. Cover stack of phyllo sheets with plastic wrap and a damp kitchen towel. Keeping remaining ph <END>
INPUT: American, salisbury, beef, Italian bread crumbs, egg, onions
OUTPUT: TITLE: Salisbury Steak with Mushroom Gravy | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound lean ground beef; 1 (10-ounce) can condensed cream of mushroom soup, divided; 1/2 cup Italian bread crumbs; 1 egg, lightly beaten; 1/2 cup frozen chopped onions; 1 teaspoon steak seasoning (recommended: Montreal); 1 tablespoon canola oil; 2 tablespoons butter, divided; 1/4 cup cognac; 1 (8-ounce) package sliced fresh mushrooms; 2 cups low-sodium beef broth; 1 (1.2-ounce) packet brown gravy mix; Cooked rice, for serving | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large bowl, combine beef, 1/4 can mushroom soup, bread crumbs, egg, onions, and steak seasoning. Mix thoroughly and shape into 4 oval patties. Heat oil and 1 tablespoon butter in large skillet over medium-high heat. Brown patties on both sides and transfer to a plate. Add remaining butter and cognac (remove pan from heat when adding cognac.) Saute mushrooms for 7 to 8 minutes. Add beef stock and whisk in gravy mix until smooth. Stir in remaining mushroom soup. Return patties to skillet and spoon gravy over top. Cover pan and simmer for 20 to 25 minutes. Serve Salisbury Steaks and Mushroom <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, pistou, coarse kosher salt, carrots, broccoli florets, cauliflower florets
OUTPUT: TITLE: Olive-Oil-Poached Shrimp with Winter Pistou | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups (packed) fresh basil leaves; 1 teaspoon coarse kosher salt; 1/2 cup thinly sliced peeled carrots; 2 cups small broccoli florets (about 6 ounces); 1 cup small cauliflower florets (4 to 5 ounces); 1 cup vegetable stock or vegetable broth; 1/2 cup cooked cranberry beans or other winter beans or canned drained Great Northern or cannellini beans; 1/2 cup (packed) fresh Italian parsley leaves; 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 3 cups olive oil; 3 large fresh thyme sprigs; 18 uncooked large shrimp (for first course) or 24 uncooked large shrimp (for main course), peeled, deveined, patted dry | INSTRUCTIONS: For pistou: Bring large saucepan of water to boil. Add basil leaves and simmer 15 seconds. Using strainer or slotted spoon, transfer basil directly to blender. Add 1 teaspoon coarse salt to water in same saucepan and bring to boil. Add carrots and cook 5 minutes. Add broccoli and cauliflower, and cook until all vegetables are tender, about 5 minutes longer. Drain. Using slotted spoon, transfer vegetables to bowl of ice water and let stand until cold. Drain well. Add vegetables, vegetable stock, cranberry beans, parsley, and 1/4 cup oil to basil in blender. Puree until smooth, occasionally scra <END>
INPUT: valenciana, olive oil, bell pepper, chicken, rabbit, sweet paprika
OUTPUT: TITLE: Paella Valenciana | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups olive oil; 1 red bell pepper, cut in strips; 3/4 chicken, cut into pieces; 1/2 rabbit, cut into pieces; 1/2 teaspoon sweet paprika; 1 1/2 pounds green beans, cut into 1-inch pieces; 1 1/2 pounds broad beans, shelled; 1/2 tomato, chopped; 4 1/2 cups water, or fill up the paella pan to the height of the handles 2 times; 2 cups snails, cleaned, fresh or frozen; 1 1/4 pounds plus 1-ounce rice (3.5 ounces per person) (recommended: Bomba – short grain rice); Salt and freshly ground pepper; 1 pinch saffron, for coloring; Sprigs rosemary, as garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: large shallow pan Heat 1/4 to 1/2 cup of the oil in a pan. Add the strips of pepper and fry until they start to soften. Remove and reserve for garnish. Fry the chicken and rabbit at medium heat until golden brown, adding more oil, as necessary. Add the paprika half way through to add color to meat. Push the meat out to the edges of the pan and add the beans and tomatoes in the center, mixing them well. Add 1/2 the water making sure to cover the pan until it is 1/2 full. Simmer for approximately 30 minutes until most of the water has evaporated. Add the snails and cook for 5  <END>
INPUT: roast, granular rice koji, Diamond Crystal Morton, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roast Koji Chicken | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons granular rice koji; 1 tablespoon Diamond Crystal or 2 teaspoons Morton kosher salt; 1 (3 1/2–4-pound) chicken, patted dry; Freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Grind koji in a spice mill or a blender to a fine powder. Transfer to a small bowl and mix in salt; set aside. Starting at the neck end of the chicken, gently slide your fingers between the skin and breast to loosen skin; continue working down the thighs and legs to fully separate skin from meat (be careful not to tear). Rub koji mixture under skin all over meat and inside cavity, distributing evenly. Season outside of chicken generously with pepper and place on a wire rack set inside a rimmed baking sheet. Chill at least 8 hours and up to 2 days, leaving uncovered up to 24 hours, then loosely <END>
INPUT: mango sauce mangoes, maple syrup, pineapple chunks, ham
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pit Fired Ham Glazed with Pineapple and Mango Maple Syrup | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups store bought mango sauce or 2 mangoes, peeled, seeded and diced; 1 cup maple syrup, light or dark; 1 4 ounce can pineapple chunks; 1 (16-ounce) can pineapple rings, juice reserved; 13 to 15 pound ham, bone-in; Toothpicks, as needed | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat a barbecue, charcoal pit, or oven to 350 degrees F. In a small saucepan, add the mango sauce or mangoes. Stir in the maple syrup, pineapple chunks and pineapple juice and bring to a simmer. Continue to simmer for 8 minutes and then remove from the heat. Working with a sharp knife, score the ham on the bias, fat side up, by drawing the knife from 1 side of the ham to the other. Be sure and make the incisions deep enough (about 1/2-inch) so that the glaze can reach the meat underneath the layer of fat. Continue scoring the top of the ham in the other direction to form a criss-cross patte <END>
INPUT: Italian, hawaiian, Farm Rich Mozzarella, Deli ham, pineapple chunks, Toothpicks short skewers, Ranch dressing
OUTPUT: TITLE: Hawaiian Mozzarella Bites | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: Farm Rich Mozzarella Bites; Deli ham; Fresh pineapple chunks; Toothpicks or short skewers; Ranch dressing (optional); Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Prepare Farm Rich Mozzarella Bites according to package directions. Skewer a pineapple chunk and folded slice of deli ham onto each warm Mozzarella Bite. Season with salt and pepper to taste, and serve with ranch dressing for dipping, if desired. <END>
INPUT: apple cider, whiskey, sparkling wine, cranberries
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sparkling Cider | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 quart fresh apple cider; 1/2 cup whiskey; 1 bottle dry sparkling wine; Frozen cranberries, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine the apple cider and whiskey in a small pitcher. Fill the champagne glasses 2/3 up with the cider and whiskey mix. Top each glass with sparkling wine and garnish with a few frozen cranberries. <END>
INPUT: caraway seeds, peppercorns, kosher salt, Hungarian sweet paprika
OUTPUT: TITLE: Toasted Caraway-Salt Rub | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons caraway seeds; 1/2 teaspoon whole black peppercorns; 1 tablespoon kosher salt; 2 teaspoon Hungarian sweet paprika | INSTRUCTIONS: Toast caraway seeds in a small heavy dry skillet over medium heat, shaking skillet often, until fragrant, 1-2 minutes. Let cool. Finely grind seeds and whole black peppercorns in a spice mill; transfer to a small bowl. Stir in kosher salt and Hungarian sweet paprika. DO AHEAD: Can be made 1 month ahead. Store airtight at room temperature. Toast caraway seeds in a small heavy dry skillet over medium heat, shaking skillet often, until fragrant, 1-2 minutes. Let cool. Finely grind seeds and whole black peppercorns in a spice mill; transfer to a small bowl. Stir in kosher salt and Hungarian sweet  <END>
INPUT: American, sandwich, Round Italian bread, Muffuletta Olive Salad, fontina cheese, mortadella, arugula
OUTPUT: TITLE: Muffuletta Sandwich | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: Round Italian bread, whole; 1 1/2 cups Muffuletta Olive Salad, recipe follows; 6 ounces fontina cheese, sliced; 8 ounces mortadella, thinly sliced; 1 bunch arugula, washed and dried; 8 ounces capicolla, thinly sliced; 2 roasted red peppers; 8 ounces salami, thinly sliced; 1/2 cup coarsely chopped green olives with pimento; 1/2 cup pitted and coarsely chopped black olives; 1/2 cup coarsely chopped pickled cocktail onions (sour); 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 1 tablespoon red wine vinegar; 1 1/2 teaspoons garlic, minced; 1/4 cup roughly chopped roasted red peppers | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Insert your knife 1 inch from the top edge of the loaf at a 45 degree angle and cut around the loaf until the lid comes off. Set lid aside. Pull excess bread out of the center of the loaf to create a hollow effect. Level off the inside of the lid and begin assembly. Brush the lid with some of the oil mixture from the olive salad. Spread the olive salad on the bottom half of the bread and begin to layer the sandwich, starting with the fontina cheese, mortadella, arugula, capicolla, red peppers, and finishing with the salami. Wrap the sandwich tightly with plastic  <END>
INPUT: Italian, zucchini, olive oil, Italian sausage, loosely mint leaves, plain yogurt at
OUTPUT: TITLE: Rotelle with Roasted Zucchini and Italian Sausage | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 2 1/2 pounds zucchini, scrubbed and sliced thin crosswise; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1 1/2 pounds fresh Italian sausage; 1/4 cup loosely packed fresh mint leaves, minced, or 2 teaspoons dried mint combined with 1/4 cup minced fresh parsley leaves; 2/3 cup plain yogurt at room temperature; 1/2 pound rotelle (corkscrew-shaped pasta) or penne (quill-shaped pasta) | INSTRUCTIONS: Arrange the zucchini in a jelly-roll pan, drizzle it with the oil, and roast it in the middle of a preheated 450°F. oven, stirring occasionally, for 15 to 20 minutes, or until it is golden. While the zucchini is roasting, discard the casings from the sausage, in a heavy skillet cook the meat over moderate heat, stirring and breaking up the lumps, until it is no longer pink, and transfer it with a slotted spoon to paper towels to drain. In a large bowl stir together the zucchini, the sausage, the mint, the yogurt, and salt and pepper to taste. In a kettle of boiling salted water boil the rotell <END>
INPUT: American, walnuts, bacon, cheese, crème fraîche sour, mayonnaise
OUTPUT: TITLE: Iceberg with Tomatoes, Blue Cheese, and Bacon | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup walnuts; 4 slices bacon; 8 ounces blue cheese, crumbled, divided; 1/2 cup crème fraîche or sour cream; 1/2 cup mayonnaise; 5 teaspoons sherry vinegar or red wine vinegar; 2 teaspoons fresh lemon juice; 1 teaspoon hot sauce; Kosher salt, freshly ground pepper; 1 head of iceberg lettuce, cut crosswise into four 1-inch-thick slices; 2 celery stalks, thinly sliced; 1 pint cherry tomatoes, quartered; 1 tablespoon finely chopped tarragon | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350°F. Toast walnuts on a rimmed baking sheet, tossing once, until golden brown, 8–10 minutes. Let cool; coarsely chop. Cook bacon in a large skillet over medium-high heat, turning halfway through, until brown and crisp, 8–10 minutes total. Transfer to paper towels to drain. Let cool; crumble. Place half of blue cheese in a medium heatproof bowl and microwave on medium until melted, about 1 minute (this will make it easier to whisk). Add crème fraîche, mayonnaise, vinegar, lemon juice, and hot sauce to blue cheese and whisk until smooth; season dressing with salt and pepper. Co <END>
INPUT: frittata, eggs, Two tuna olive, milk, flat leaf parsley, anchovy paste
OUTPUT: TITLE: Frittata with Tuna and Tomatoes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 large eggs, beaten, at room temperature; Two 5-ounce cans tuna packed in olive oil, drained and flaked into 1/4 to 1/2-inch pieces, such as Flott; 1/4 cup milk, at room temperature; 3 tablespoons chopped fresh flat-leaf parsley; 1 tablespoon anchovy paste; 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt; 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil; 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, at room temperature; 2 Roma tomatoes, seeded and chopped; 1 cup (8 ounces) mascarpone, at room temperature; 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt; Zest of 1 small lemon | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Place an oven rack in the center of the oven and preheat to 400 degrees F. For the frittata: Mix together the eggs, tuna, milk, parsley, anchovy paste, salt and pepper in a large bowl. Heat the oil and butter over medium-high heat in an oven-safe, 10-inch nonstick skillet. Add the egg mixture and cook, without stirring, for 5 minutes. Arrange the tomatoes on top of the egg mixture and cook until a crust forms on the underside and the sides of the mixture have set, about 3 minutes. Place the skillet in the oven and bake until the center is set, for 6 to 8 minutes. <END>
INPUT: cranberry, cookies, unsalted butter, light sugar, granulated sugar, vanilla extract, egg
OUTPUT: TITLE: White Chocolate Cranberry Cookies | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup unsalted butter, softened; 1/2 cup packed light brown sugar; 1/2 cup granulated sugar; 1 tablespoon vanilla extract; 1 large egg; 1 1/2 cups all-purpose flour; 1 1/2 teaspoons baking soda; 1 cup dried cranberries, chopped; 3/4 cup white chocolate chips; 3/4 cup macadamia nuts, chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line 2 baking sheet with parchment paper. With an electric mixer, cream the butter and both sugars together until smooth. Add the vanilla and egg, mixing well. Sift together the flour and baking soda. Spoon the flour mixture gradually into the creamed sugar mixture. Stir in the cranberries, white chocolate chips and macadamia nuts. Drop by heaping spoonfuls, about 2 tablespoons, onto the prepared baking sheets, 2 inches apart. Bake one sheet at a time until lightly golden on top and the edges are set, 12 to 15 minutes. Cool on the sheet about 5 minutes, and t <END>
INPUT: American, flour, salt, egg, iced water
OUTPUT: TITLE: Steak and Kidney Pie | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/3 cups flour; 1/2 cup (1 stick) cold, unsalted butter, cut into 1/2 inch cubes; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 1 egg; 2 to 3 tablespoons iced water; 5 tablespoons oil; 1 pound well marbled steak, cut into 1 inch cubes; 12 ounces trimmed veal kidney (about 2 kidneys), cut into 1 inch cubes; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 10 ounces mushrooms, quartered 3 onions, chopped; 3 tablespoons flour; 2 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce; 2 cups hot water; Milk, for brushing pastry; Sea salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Prepare the pastry: In a large bowl, combine flour with butter and salt. Mix lightly with your fingertips until butter forms peasized pieces. Whisk together egg and 1 tablespoon of the water. Add to flour mixture all at once, mixing gently with your fingertips. You should be able to see chunks of fat, and the pastry should be moist enough to begin to stick together. If the pastry is too dry, add up to 2 more tablespoons of water. Turn the pastry out onto a lightly floured work surface, dust with flour, and knead it until the pastry is smooth, about 3 to 4 times. Transfer to a plastic bag and f <END>
INPUT: American, Perfect Pumpkin Pieepi:recipelink, unsalted butter, pecan halves, sugar, water
OUTPUT: TITLE: Butter Pecan Toffee Pumpkin Pie | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: Perfect Pumpkin Pieepi:recipelink; 1 tablespoon unsalted butter; 1 cup pecan halves; 2 tablespoons brown sugar; 2 teaspoons water; 1/4 cup toffee bits or chopped toffee bars (such as Skor or Heath) | INSTRUCTIONS: Melt butter in large nonstick skillet over medium-high heat. Add pecan halves, brown sugar, and water; stir until sugar forms glossy coating over pecans, about 4 minutes. Transfer to sheet of foil; cool. Chop 1/3 cup pecans and combine with 1/4 cup toffee bits or chopped toffee bars. Sprinkle over baked crust. Pour in Perfect Pumpkin Pie epi:recipelinkfilling; bake and cool as directed. DO AHEAD Can be made 1 day ahead. Cover; chill. Sprinkle 1/4 cup toffee bits or chopped toffee bars around edge of pie. Garnish with remaining pecans. Melt butter in large nonstick skillet over medium-high heat <END>
INPUT: Kosher salt, pork tenderloins, crumbled fruitcake, unsalted butter, dijon mustard
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fruitcake-Stuffed Pork Medallions | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Kosher salt; 2 1-pound pork tenderloins, sliced into 2-to-3-inch medallions; 1 cup crumbled fruitcake; 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened; 3 tablespoons dijon mustard; 1 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce; Freshly ground pepper; 2 tablespoons vegetable oil; 1/2 cup dry sherry; 1 1/2 cups heavy cream; Sauteed spinach, for serving (optional) | INSTRUCTIONS: Dissolve 1/4 cup salt in 1 cup cold water in a medium bowl. Add the pork medallions, cover and refrigerate 1 to 4 hours. Meanwhile, spread the fruitcake on a plate and microwave until slightly dry, 1 to 2 minutes. Chop any large pieces of fruit or nuts, then let cool. Mix the butter, mustard, Worcestershire sauce, 1/2 teaspoon salt, and pepper to taste in a medium bowl. Mix in the dried fruitcake and refrigerate until firm, about 30 minutes. Drain the pork and pat dry. Insert a paring knife into the curved side of each medallion to create a small pocket in the middle. Open the pocket with the  <END>
INPUT: Asian, tempura, sandwich, ginger, garlic, vegetable oil, low sodium soy, mirin
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sweet Potato Tempura and Steak Sandwich with Bok Choy and Miso Mayo | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 2 teaspoons finely grated ginger; 1 large clove garlic, finely grated; 3 tablespoons vegetable oil, divided; 2 tablespoons low-sodium soy sauce; 1 tablespoon mirin; 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt; 1/4 teaspoon black pepper; 10 ounces skirt steak, cut into 2 pieces; 2 heads baby bok choy, split in half lengthwise (1/2 pound); 1 large sweet potato; Vegetable oil, for frying; 1/2 cup all-purpose flour; 2 tablespoons cornstarch; 3/4 teaspoon kosher salt, divided; 1/2 cup very cold club soda | INSTRUCTIONS: For the steak and bok choy: Whisk the ginger, garlic, 1 tablespoon oil, soy sauce, mirin, salt, and pepper in a small bowl. Place the skirt steak in a resealable plastic bag and pour the marinade over. Turn to coat and let sit at room temperature 30 minutes. Remove the skirt steak from the marinade. Heat 1 tablespoon oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Add the steak and sear to desired doneness, about 3 minutes per side for medium rare. Let steak rest on a cutting board. Wipe out skillet and heat remaining 1 tablespoon oil. Sear the bok choy cut side down over medium-high heat until  <END>
INPUT: souffles, unflavored gelatin, lime juice, unsweetened passion fruit, sugar, water
OUTPUT: TITLE: Frozen Passion Fruit Souffles | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 teaspoon unflavored gelatin (less than one 1/4-oz envelope); 2 tablespoons fresh lime juice; 2/3 cup thawed frozen unsweetened passion fruit pulp*; 3/4 cup sugar; 1/4 cup water; 3 large egg whites; 1/3 cup chilled heavy cream; Garnish: thin strips of lime zest; wax or parchment paper; 6 (3-oz) ramekins; a candy thermometer; a standing electric mixer | INSTRUCTIONS: Prepare ramekins: Cut paper into 6 (13- by 2 1/2-inch) strips. Wrap a strip tightly around outside of each ramekin to form a 1-inch collar and tape overlapping ends together. Arrange ramekins on a 9-inch baking pan. Cut paper into 6 (13- by 2 1/2-inch) strips. Wrap a strip tightly around outside of each ramekin to form a 1-inch collar and tape overlapping ends together. Arrange ramekins on a 9-inch baking pan. Make soufflés: Sprinkle gelatin over lime juice in a small saucepan and let soften 1 minute. Stir in passion fruit pulp and heat over moderately low heat, stirring, until gelatin is diss <END>
INPUT: stack, fingerling creamer potatoes, Olive oil, Salt pepper, portobello mushrooms, Crescenza other flavorful
OUTPUT: TITLE: Crescenza Stack | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 12 fingerling or creamer potatoes, 2/12 to 3 ounces each; Olive oil; Salt and pepper; 2 large portobello mushrooms (1 pound total); 6 ounces Crescenza or other flavorful melting cheese; 2 cups lightly packed young peppery greens such as watercress, upland cress and/or arugula; Rice Vinegar-Sesame Vinaigrette, recipe follows; Red and yellow peppers, diced tiny and blanched; Basil oil or fruity olive oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Scrub the potatoes well, pat dry and then lightly coat with olive oil and a generous sprinkling of salt and pepper. Roast potatoes in a preheated 375 degree F oven for 15 to 20 minutes or until just cooked through. Cool and quarter lengthwise. Remove stem and scrape black gills from the portobellos. Brush with olive oil and season with salt and pepper. Grill, pan grill or roast until just cooked through. Cool and slice each mushroom into 12 thick slices. To construct a stack lightly oil a baking sheet and arrange 4 quarters of potato interspersed with 3 slices of mushroom side by side in the s <END>
INPUT: Mexican, roast, breasts, virgin olive oil, garlic, smoked paprika, cumin, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roast Chicken Breasts with Garbanzo Beans, Tomatoes, and Paprika | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 4 garlic cloves, pressed; 1 tablespoon smoked paprika*; 1 teaspoon ground cumin; 1/2 teaspoon dried crushed red pepper; 1/2 cup plain yogurt or Greek yogurt; 4 chicken breast halves with bones; 1 15-ounce can garbanzo beans (chickpeas), drained; 1 12-ounce container cherry tomatoes; 1 cup chopped fresh cilantro, divided | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 450°. Mix first 5 ingredients in medium bowl. Pour 1 teaspoon spiced oil mixture into small bowl; whisk in yogurt and set aside for sauce. Place chicken on large rimmed baking sheet. Rub 2 tablespoons spiced oil mixture over chicken. Add beans, tomatoes, and 1/2 cup cilantro to remaining spiced oil mixture; toss to coat. Pour bean mixture around chicken. Sprinkle everything generously with salt and pepper. Roast until chicken is cooked through, about 20 minutes. Sprinkle with 1/2 cup cilantro. Transfer chicken to plates. Spoon bean mixture over. Serve with yogurt sauce. Preheat <END>
INPUT: tres, leches, sifted cake flour, baking powder, salt, sugar, light butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Coconut Tres Leches Cake with Caramelized Bananas | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups sifted cake flour; 2 teaspoons baking powder; 1/3 teaspoon salt; 1 cup sugar; 1/4 cup light butter, softened; 1/2 cup puréed bananas (approximately 1/2 banana); 3/4 cup skim milk; 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract; 1 teaspoon pure coconut extract; 1/2 cup egg whites, stiffly beaten; 1/2 (14-ounce) can fat-free sweetened condensed milk; 3/4 cup evaporated skim milk; 2/3 cup light coconut milk; 1/4 cup packed brown sugar; 2 tablespoons dark rum | INSTRUCTIONS: Sift the cake flour, baking powder and salt into a bowl. Cream the sugar, butter and banana purée in a mixing bowl until light and fluffy. Add 1/3 flour mixture and 1/3 skim milk alternately; mixing well after each addition. Mix in the vanilla and coconut extracts. Fold in the egg whites. Spray a 6 x 8-inch cake pan with nonstick cooking spray. Flour the pan. Pour the batter into the prepared pan. Bake at 375°F for 50 minutes or until the cake tests done. Remove from the oven and cool in the pan for 10 minutes. Remove to a wire rack to cool completely. Combine the condensed milk, 3/4 cup skim  <END>
INPUT: American, shepherd, unsalted butter, onion, garlic, thyme leaves, lamb
OUTPUT: TITLE: Shepherd's Pie | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 teaspoon plus 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1 1/2 cups diced onion; 2 large cloves garlic, minced; 2 teaspoons chopped fresh thyme leaves; 2 pounds ground lamb; 1 teaspoon kosher salt, plus more as needed; 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, plus more as needed; 3 tablespoons tomato paste; 1 cup canned crushed tomatoes; 1 bay leaf; 3 tablespoons minced flat-leaf parsley leaves; 1/2 pound button or cremini mushrooms, trimmed and quartered; 3 cups glazed carrots and turnips, recipe follows; 1 large egg; 4 cups mashed potatoes, recipe follows | INSTRUCTIONS: Grease a 3-quart 2- to 3-inch-deep gratin dish or casserole with a 1 teaspoon of butter. In a large skillet, heat 1 tablespoon of the butter over medium heat. Add the onion and saute, stirring frequently, until golden, about 10 to 12 minutes. Add the garlic and thyme and cook for 1 minute more. Add the meat, break it up with a wooden spoon, and cook until the meat loses its red color, about 5 minutes. Add the 1 teaspoon salt, 1/4 teaspoon pepper, and tomato paste and cook for 1 minute more. Add the crushed tomatoes and bay leaf and bring to a simmer. Cover and cook for 20 minutes. Remove the b <END>
INPUT: salad, herbs, wine vinegar, garlic, virgin olive oil, cubes crusty bread, vine ripened tomatoes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tomato Bread Salad with Herbs | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon red-wine vinegar; 1 garlic clove, minced and mashed to a paste with a pinch salt; 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 2 cups 3/4-inch cubes crusty bread; 1/2 pound vine-ripened red tomatoes, cut into 3/4-inch wedges; 1/2 pound vine-ripened yellow tomatoes, cut into 3/4-inch wedges; 1/4 cup Nicoise or Kalamata olives; 1/4 cup fresh basil leaves, washed well, spun dry, and chopped fine; 1 tablespoon fresh marjoram leaves, chopped fine | INSTRUCTIONS: In a bowl whisk together vinegar, garlic paste, and pepper to taste and whisk in oil until emulsified. Add remaining ingredients and salt to taste and toss to combine well. Let salad stand at room temperature 15 minutes to allow bread to soak up some dressing. <END>
INPUT: snack, bars, honey, creamy peanut butter, light sugar, pure vanilla extract
OUTPUT: TITLE: Homemade Peanut Butter Snack Bars | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Nonstick cooking spray; 1/2 cup honey; 1/2 cup creamy peanut butter; 2 tablespoons light brown sugar; 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract; 2 cups puffed wheat cereal; 1/2 cup dried cranberries; 1/2 cup chopped pistachios, rough chopped; 1/2 cup nonfat dry milk powder | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the oven to 300 degrees F and adjust racks to the center of the oven. Line an 8- by 8-inch baking dish with parchment paper, leaving a 3-inch overhang over the sides to use as handles later. Spray the parchment with nonstick cooking spray. Add the honey, peanut butter, brown sugar and vanilla to a small saucepan and bring to a light simmer, stirring until the peanut butter is well mixed into the honey. Combine the cereal, cranberries, pistachios and milk powder in a large bowl and toss all together with your hands. Pour the syrup over the cereal mixture a <END>
INPUT: cream, half half, dark beer, light sugar, cinnamon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sweet Potato Ice Cream | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 (15-ounce) can sweet potato puree; 1 1/2 cups cold half-and-half; 1/4 cup dark beer; 3/4 cup packed light brown sugar; 1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1/4 teaspoon ground ginger; 1/2 teaspoon ground allspice; Pinch salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. The day before you make the ice cream freeze the ice cream insert for a full 24 hours. Add the sweet potato puree to a large bowl along with the half-and-half, beer, light brown sugar, cinnamon, ground ginger, allspice, and salt. Whisk together until smooth. Cover with plastic wrap and chill the mixture thoroughly before churning. Churn in your ice cream machine until it freezes to a soft frozen state, about 20 to 25 minutes. Put in the freezer to continue to firm up until you are ready to serve. <END>
INPUT: portobello mushrooms, olive oil, unsalted butter, pepper flakes, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Marinated and Grilled Portobello Mushrooms | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 large portobello mushrooms; 1/3 cup olive oil; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted; 1/4 teaspoon red pepper flakes; 2 teaspoons minced garlic; 1/4 cup white wine; 1 teaspoon lemon zest | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat grill or grill pan. Clean mushrooms and lay with gills up in a shallow baking pan. In a bowl combine olive oil, butter, red pepper flakes, garlic, wine and zest. Whisk to combine and pour over mushrooms. Marinate mushrooms at room temperature for 20 minutes, turning once. Pat mushrooms dry and place gill side up in grill pan. Grill slowly for about 20 minutes, then turn and grill for about 5 to 10 minutes more. Slice and serve with polenta. Garnish with chopped parsley. <END>
INPUT: American, georgia, sauce, canola oil, sweet onion, garlic, piece ginger, ketchup
OUTPUT: TITLE: Brown Sugar Pork Chops with Georgia Peach BBQ Sauce | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons canola oil; 1 sweet onion, finely chopped; 1 clove garlic, finely chopped; One 1-inch piece fresh ginger, peeled and grated; 1 1/2 cups ketchup; 1/2 cup peach jam; 2 ripe peaches, pitted and cut into 3/4-inch chunks; 2 tablespoons apple cider vinegar; Coarse kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 3/4 cup dark brown sugar; 1/4 cup kosher salt; 2 cups boiling water; 3 cups ice cubes; 4 bone-in pork loin chops (1 1/2 to 2 pounds) | INSTRUCTIONS: Place a medium saute pan over medium heat and add the oil. Add the onion and cook until translucent, about 2 minutes. Add the garlic and ginger and cook until fragrant, 45 to 60 seconds. Add the ketchup, peach jam and peaches. Reduce heat to low and simmer until the sauce thickens, about 30 minutes, stirring occasionally. Add the vinegar and season with salt and pepper. Remove from the heat and set aside to cool. Meanwhile, in a medium heatproof bowl, dissolve the brown sugar and kosher salt in boiling water, then stir in the ice cubes to cool. Add the pork chops, cover the bowl with plastic w <END>
INPUT: sour, monkfish tail, Salt pepper, bay leaves, celery celery, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sweet n' Sour Monkfish | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 pounds monkfish tail, cut in 1-inch chunks; Salt and pepper; 2 bay leaves; 1/2 stalk celery plus 6 stalks celery, cut into 1-inch pieces; 1/2 small onion, cut in pieces, plus 3 medium onions, sliced; 1/4 cup vegetable oil, as needed for sauteing vegetables; 2 medium green peppers, seeded and cut into 1-inch pieces; 2 medium sweet red peppers, seeded and cut into 1-inch pieces; One 6-ounce can tomato paste; 1 1/2 cups cider vinegar; 2 tablespoons sugar; 1 1/2 cups green Italian olives, pitted and cut in pieces; 4 cups water, for boiling | INSTRUCTIONS: Season monkfish chunks with salt. In a medium to large pot of water boil bay leaves, 1/2 stalk celery, and small onion for 5 minutes. Add monkfish and cook for an additional 10 minutes. Drain and place monkfish in large bowl; set aside. Discard celery, onion, and bay leaves. In large frying pan, saute the celery pieces in vegetable oil until tender; add to fish. Saute red and green pepper pieces, add to fish. Saute the 3 sliced onions for about 5 minutes; add the tomato paste, alternating with the vinegar. Mix well; add sugar and olive pieces and cook for an additional 10 minutes, stirring fre <END>
INPUT: betty, unsalted butter, cinnamon, salt, light sugar, coarse bread crumbs
OUTPUT: TITLE: Apple Brown Betty | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons unsalted butter; 3/4 teaspoon cinnamon; 1/8 teaspoon salt; 3 tablespoons packed light brown sugar; 3 cups coarse fresh bread crumbs from a baguette; 4 large crisp apples such as Granny Smith or Gala; 1 1/4 cups water; 3/4 cup nonfat vanilla frozen yogurt | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 375°F. Melt butter in a large nonstick skillet and remove from heat. Stir in cinnamon, salt, and 1 tablespoon brown sugar, then stir in bread crumbs. Sprinkle one third of crumbs over bottom of a 1-quart shallow baking dish. Peel and coarsely chop 2 apples. Cook with water and remaining 2 tablespoons brown sugar in a 1 1/2-quart saucepan, covered, over moderate heat, stirring occasionally, 10 minutes. Purée chopped apples with cooking liquid in a blender. Peel remaining 2 apples and cut into 1/4-inch-thick wedges. Arrange wedges over crumbs, then pour hot purée over wedges. Spr <END>
INPUT: fancy, tri color potatoes, olive oil, Kosher salt pepper, porcini mushrooms, unsalted butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Potatoes with Fancy Butter | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 pounds tri-color potatoes, such as fingerling, red thumb and baby purple, halved lengthwise; 1/3 cup olive oil; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1/2 cup dried porcini mushrooms; 2 sticks unsalted butter, at room temperature; 1 tablespoon fresh flat-leaf parsley leaves, chopped; 1 tablespoon fresh thyme leaves; Zest and juice of 1/2 lemon | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. In a large bowl, toss the potatoes in the olive oil, and season with a generous pinch of salt and pepper. Arrange the potatoes in a single layer on two baking sheets. Place the sheets in the oven and roast until the potatoes are tender on the inside and crispy on the outside, 40 to 50 minutes. Place the dried porcinis in a small bowl and fill with boiling water. Rehydrate the mushrooms for 10 minutes. Strain the liquid and chop the mushrooms. Place the butter in a medium mixing bowl. Add the chopped mushrooms, parsley, thyme, lemon juice and zest, and mix unt <END>
INPUT: French, sheet, dinner, parsnips, virgin olive oil, Kosher salt pepper, thyme, Honeycrisp apple
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pork Chops and Apple Sheet-Pan Dinner | CUISINE: French | INGREDIENTS: 4 small parsnips, peeled and halved lengthwise (large pieces quartered); Extra-virgin olive oil; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 5 sprigs fresh thyme; 1 Honeycrisp apple; Pinch ground cinnamon; Two 1-inch-thick, bone-in pork chops (1 to 1 1/4 pounds total); 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard; 1/2 teaspoon herbes de Provence; Fresh parsley leaves for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Position a rack in the center of the oven and preheat to 400 degrees F. Line a rimmed baking sheet with parchment paper. Place the parsnips in the center of the baking sheet and drizzle generously with olive oil, sprinkle with salt and pepper and toss with 3 sprigs of thyme. Spread the parsnips into an even layer leaving an empty space on both sides. Roast until the parsnips become tender and begin to brown in spots, about 20 minutes. Use tongs to give the parsnips another toss. Remove the baking sheet from the oven and push the parsnips closer together in the center of the pan. Core the apple <END>
INPUT: Asian, iced, water, wild currant herbal, long cinnamon, raspberry cranberry juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Black Currant Iced Tea with Cinnamon and Ginger | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 6 cups water; 12 wild black currant herbal tea bags; 2 3-inch-long cinnamon sticks, broken in half; 1 tablespoon (packed) minced peeled fresh ginger; 6 tablespoons frozen raspberry-cranberry juice concentrate; 1/4 cup sugar; Ice cubes; 8 cinnamon sticks; 8 crystallized ginger rounds | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring 6 cups water to boil in large saucepan. Add tea bags, broken cinnamon sticks, and fresh ginger. Remove from heat. Cover; steep 10 minutes. Mix in juice concentrate and sugar. Chill until cold. Strain tea mixture into pitcher. (Can be made 1 day ahead. Cover and chill.) Bring 6 cups water to boil in large saucepan. Add tea bags, broken cinnamon sticks, and fresh ginger. Remove from heat. Cover; steep 10 minutes. Mix in juice concentrate and sugar. Chill until cold. Strain tea mixture into pitcher. (Can be made 1 day ahead. Cover and chill.) Fill 8 wineglasses with ice. Pour tea mixture ov <END>
INPUT: American, crackers, packages containing total, brandy, bananas
OUTPUT: TITLE: Caramel Bananas with Espresso Chocolate on Sweet Crackers | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 to 3 packages containing total of at least 36 (2-inch) diameter shortbread cookies (recommended: Sandies Simply Shortbread); 1 (12-ounce) jar caramel topping (the kind used as ice cream topping); 2 ounces brandy; 4 to 6 bananas, sliced into 36 (1-inch) pieces; 2 (12-ounce) packages semisweet chocolate pieces; 3 tablespoons espresso coffee beans, ground very fine in a coffee grinder; 3/4 cup shredded coconut | INSTRUCTIONS: Lay the shortbread cookies out on a utility platter. Heat the caramel topping in a small saucepan so that it is viscous and spoon some on each cookie. Place the brandy and bananas in a saute pan and light the brandy to flambe the bananas. When the brandy has burnt off, place a banana piece on top of the caramel on each cookie. The chocolate to coat the bananas will be tempered, a term used to describe the successive melting and cooling of the chocolate within a certain temperature range. This process allows the molecules of the chocolate to align so that it will retain a silky appearance witho <END>
INPUT: tapas, virgin olive oil, garlic, very button mushrooms, kosher salt pepper, Tbs. Spanish fino
OUTPUT: TITLE: Garlic Mushrooms Tapas-Style | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4-cup extra virgin olive oil; 3 large cloves garlic, minced; 2/3-lb. very fresh white button mushrooms, wiped clean; kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 Tbs. dry Spanish fino or oloroso sherry | INSTRUCTIONS: In a heavy skillet, heat olive oil on medium-low and add garlic. Cook, stirring occasionally, until garlic is soft but not brown. Add mushrooms and season with salt and pepper and then raise the heat to medium-high, stirring to incorporate the garlic and seasonings. Cook, tossing occasionally, until mushrooms render their liquid and begin to brown, about six minutes. Raise the heat to high, add the sherry and cook, stirring, to continue browning the mushrooms and evaporate the wine. Remove from heat, adjust seasoning and serve immediately. <END>
INPUT: tart, all purpose flour, sugar, egg ice water, Egg Wash
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cashew Tart | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cups all-purpose flour; 1 tablespoon plus 1 teaspoon sugar; 8 tablespoons (1 stick) cold unsalted butter, cut into pea-sized bits; 1 egg beaten with 1 cup ice water; Egg Wash, recipe follows; Cashew Filling, recipe follows; 2 cups (10 ounces) roasted unsalted cashews; 2 tablespoons water; 1 tablespoon flour; 1 egg yolk; 3/4 cup sugar; 4 eggs; 1 cup dark corn syrup; 2 tablespoons dark rum; 1 tablespoon vanilla extract | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large bowl, stir the flour and sugar together. Using a pastry blender or your fingertips, work the butter into the mixture until it resembles coarse meal. Sprinkle on 3 to 4 tablespoons of the eggy water, and mix it in with your fingers until the dough comes together into a ball. Working on a lightly floured surface, take egg-sized pieces of the dough and smear them away from you with the heel of your hand into 6-inch streaks. Scrape up all the streaks of dough and pile them on top of one another to form a disc. Wrap in plastic and refrigerate for at least 2 hours or overnight. Set a rack <END>
INPUT: stars, roll, vanilla baking chips, shortening
OUTPUT: TITLE: Gingerbread Stars | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 roll (16.5 oz) Pillsbury® refrigerated gingerbread cookies; 1 cup white vanilla baking chips; 2 tablespoons shortening | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat oven to 350degreesF. Remove half of cookie dough from wrapper; refrigerate remaining dough until needed. Sprinkle about 1/4 cup of flour onto work surface; coat sides of half of dough with flour. With rolling pin, roll out dough to 1/4-inch thickness, adding additional flour as needed to prevent sticking. With floured 3-inch star-shaped cookie cutter, cut out dough stars. Gently brush excess flour from stars; place 2 inches apart on ungreased cookie sheet. Repeat with remaining half of dough. Bake 7 to 9 minutes or until light golden brown. Cool 1 minute; remove from cookie sheet to cooli <END>
INPUT: Italian, neelys, Salt, ziti, hot Italian turkey, onion, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Neelys Baked Ziti | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: Salt; 1 pound ziti; 1 pound hot Italian turkey sausage, casing removed; 1 medium onion, chopped; 3 cloves garlic, chopped; 1 (28-ounce) can diced tomatoes; 6 ounces pesto; 15 ounces ricotta cheese; 1 (9-ounce) package washed spinach; Butter, for baking dish; 2 cups shredded mozzarella, plus more for topping; 1 1/2 cups grated Parmesan, plus more for topping | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F. Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil over high heat. Add ziti and cook until al dente. Drain in a colander. In a large skillet over medium heat, saute turkey sausage. Add onion and garlic and saute until the sausage is cooked through. Use your spoon to break up the sausage while it cooks. Add the can of diced tomatoes and pesto and let simmer for 10 minutes. Add the ricotta cheese, spinach, Parmesan and mozzarella to a large bowl, and stir to combine. Butter a 4-quart baking dish, add the cooked pasta, then sausage mixture and cheese mixture. Top with a sp <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, hummus, carrots, garlic, virgin olive oil, Kosher salt, chickpeas
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Carrot Hummus | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 8 ounces carrots, peeled and cut into 1-inch pieces; 3 cloves garlic, peeled and left whole; 2 tablespoons plus 1/2 cup extra-virgin olive oil; Kosher salt; One 15-ounce can chickpeas, drained and rinsed; 2 tablespoons lemon juice; 1/8 teaspoon cayenne pepper; Root vegetable chips, for dipping | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. On a small rimmed baking sheet, toss together the carrots, garlic, 2 tablespoons olive oil and 1/2 teaspoon salt. Cover with aluminum foil and roast until the carrots and garlic are both tender and soft, about 15 minutes. Remove from the oven and cool to room temperature. Place the carrots, garlic and chickpeas in a food processor. Pulse to combine and break apart slightly. Add the lemon juice, 1/2 cup olive oil, cayenne and 1/4 teaspoon salt. Puree until smooth and an even pale orange. Serve with root vegetable chips for dipping. <END>
INPUT: flambe, orange, unsalted butter, light sugar, vanilla bean, orange liqueur brandy
OUTPUT: TITLE: Bananas Flambe | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 orange; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 3 tablespoons packed light brown sugar; 1 vanilla bean, split lengthwise; 1/4 cup orange liqueur or brandy; Kosher salt; 3 ripe bananas, peeled, halved lengthwise and crosswise; 1/2 cup dark rum; Whipped cream, for serving; Remove 4 strips orange zest with a vegetable peeler. Squeeze the orange and strain the juice | INSTRUCTIONS: Melt the butter with the sugar, orange zest and vanilla bean in a large skillet over medium heat. Cook, stirring, until the sugar caramelizes, about 5 minutes. Remove from the heat and stir in the liqueur, orange juice and a pinch of salt. Return the skillet to medium heat, add the bananas, cut-side down, and cook until glazed and golden, 1 to 2 minutes. Remove from the heat and divide among bowls. Add the rum to the pan and return to medium heat. Warm for a few seconds without stirring, then carefully tilt the pan so the rum ignites (if using an electric stove, hold a lit match near the sauce <END>
INPUT: American, cheesecake, vanilla, vegan cream cheese, agave nectar maple, plain unsweetened soy, pumpkin puree
OUTPUT: TITLE: Vegan Pumpkin Cheesecake with Vanilla Cream Cheese Frosting and Apple Cider Reduction | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 4 cups vegan cream cheese; 2 cups agave nectar or maple syrup; 2 cups plain unsweetened soy milk; 1 cup pumpkin puree; 1 1/2 cups (12 ounces) silken tofu; 1 cup arrowroot powder; 1 tablespoon agar powder; 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1/2 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg; 4 cups apple cider; 1 cup unrefined sugar; 1/4 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg; 2 cups confectioners' sugar; 1 cup Earth Balance Natural Buttery Spread, softened; 1/2 cup baby Thai coconut meat or creamed coconut | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Wrap aluminum foil around the bottom and halfway up the sides of a 9-inch springform pan to prevent any leaking. Combine the cream cheese, agave, soy milk, pumpkin, tofu, arrowroot, agar, cinnamon, and nutmeg in a large mixing bowl and stir together. Transfer to a blender and blend until smooth and ingredients are fully integrated. This may have to be done in batches. Pour the mixture into the prepared springform pan. Put the cheesecake in a large baking pan and fill the pan halfway with hot water. Bake for about 2 hours, until lightly browned. Remove, let co <END>
INPUT: American, pulled, dark sugar, paprika, kosher salt, pork shoulder, vegetable oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pulled Pork with Mango BBQ Sauce | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons dark brown sugar; 1 tablespoon paprika; 2 teaspoons kosher salt; 1 boneless pork shoulder (Boston butt), about 3 pounds,excess fat removed; 1/4 cup vegetable oil; 1/2 teaspoon cumin seeds; 1/2 teaspoon fennel seeds; 2 tablespoons peeled and minced fresh ginger; 1 onion, finely minced; 1 serrano pepper, thinly sliced (seeds discarded if youdon't like it spicy); Kosher salt; 2 cups mango puree; 1/2 cup fresh lime juice; 1/4 cup apple cider vinegar; 1/4 cup Worcestershire sauce | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. For the rub: Combine the brown sugar, paprika and salt in a small bowl and massage it into the pork shoulder until well coated. Set aside while you make the BBQ sauce. You could do this a day ahead and keep refrigerated until ready to use. For the BBQ sauce: In a large saucepan, warm the oil over low heat until hot and shimmering. Add the cumin and fennel seeds; they should splutter upon contact, be careful! Once the spluttering subsides, add the ginger, onions, serrano and a little salt to taste. Saute until they soften, but don't let them get any color. Add the <END>
INPUT: shellfish, potpie, onion, celery, garlic, olive oil, fennel seed
OUTPUT: TITLE: Creamy Monkfish, Tomato, and Shellfish Potpie with Puff Pastry Crust | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 onion, minced; 1 rib of celery, sliced thin; 2 teaspoons minced garlic; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1/2 teaspoon fennel seed; 1 cup bottled clam juice; a 14-ounce can tomatoes including the juice; a dash of Tabasco; 1/4 pound mushrooms, cut into eighths; 1 pound boiling potatoes; 1/2 teaspoon dried thyme, crumbled; 1/2 teaspoon crumbled dried basil; 1/2 cup heavy cream; 3 tablespoons cornstarch; 1 1/2 pounds monkfish fillets, cut into 1-inch pieces | INSTRUCTIONS: In a kettle cook the onion, the celery, and the garlic in the oil over moderately low heat, stirring, until the onion is softened, add the fennel seeds, the clam juice, the Tabasco, the mushrooms, the potatoes, peeled and cut into 3/4-inch pieces, the thyme, and the basil, and simmer the mixture for 15 minutes, or until the potatoes are barely tender. In a small bowl whisk together the cream and the cornstarch, whisk the mixture into the potato mixture, and boil the mixture, whisking, for 1 minute. Stir the monkfish, the scallops, the shrimp, the parsley, and salt and pepper to taste and trans <END>
INPUT: surf, turf, olive oil, Four beef fillets, Salt pepper, unsalted butter, wild mushrooms
OUTPUT: TITLE: "Surf and Turf" Beef Tenderloin with Mushroom and Asparagus Ragout and Lobster Mashed Potatoes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons olive oil; Four 6-ounce beef fillets, center cut; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 3 tablespoons unsalted butter; 3 cups sliced wild mushrooms; 2 tablespoons minced shallot; 2 teaspoons minced garlic; 1 teaspoon chopped fresh thyme; 1 cup Beef Reduction, recipe follows; 1 bunch asparagus, peeled and cut on the bias in 1-inch pieces, blanched; 2 tablespoons minced fresh Italian parsley; Lobster Mashed Potatoes, for serving, recipe follows; Olive oil; 1 1/2 pounds beef shank pieces; 2 large carrots, peeled and coarsely chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat the olive oil in heavy, large skillet over high heat. Sprinkle the beef with salt and pepper. Sear the beef in the skillet for 3 to 4 minutes on each side. Remove from the skillet and let rest. Add the butter and mushrooms to the same skillet and saute until the mushrooms are browned, about 4 minutes. Then, add the shallots, garlic and thyme, and saute for 2 minutes. Add the Beef Reduction to the mushrooms and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat to medium-high and simmer until slightly thickened, about 5 minutes. Add the asparagus and parsley. Season with salt and pepper. Divide the Lobster  <END>
INPUT: American, sunny, oven, sweet paprika, onion powder, Kosher salt pepper, oregano, garlic powder
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sunny's Honey BBQ Oven Short Ribs | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup sweet paprika; 1 tablespoon onion powder; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 teaspoons dry oregano; 2 teaspoons garlic powder; 1/2 teaspoon cumin; 1/4 teaspoon cayenne pepper; 6 pounds short-ribs, flanken-cut (about 6 ribs bone-in, cut into 5 to 6-inch strips); 1/2 cup honey | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Heat the oven to 300 degrees F. In a small bowl, combine the paprika, onion powder, 4 teaspoons salt, oregano, garlic powder, cumin, cayenne pepper and a few grinds of black pepper. Rub the mixture all over the ribs and allow it to sit at room temperature for 1 to 2 hours at the most. Place the ribs snugly in an oven dish with the fat side of each rib facing up. Cover tightly with aluminum foil and don't be afraid to top the dish with another heavy dish to ensure the seal! Cook in the oven for 2 1/2 hours, at this point the meat should be falling off the bones. R <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, nachos, roasted pepper from, garlic, kosher salt, oregano leaves, virgin olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Greek-Style Nachos | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup strips of roasted red pepper from a jar (or 1 large red pepper, roasted); 1 teaspoon minced garlic; Pinch of kosher salt; 1 1/2 teaspoons minced fresh oregano leaves; 1 1/2 teaspoons extra-virgin olive oil; 2 6-ounce bags pita chips (or 10 cups homemade chips); 2 cups shredded pepper jack cheese; 8 ounces (1 cup) mild feta, crumbled; 1/2 cup thinly sliced pepperoncini; 1/2 cup green Greek olives, (such as Mt. Athos), pitted and sliced; 1/4 cup kalamata olives, pitted and sliced; 1/2 cup quartered cherry tomatoes; 1/2 cup fat-free Greek-style yogurt | INSTRUCTIONS: To make the salsa: Cut the red peppers into a medium dice and mix in a bowl with the garlic, salt, and oregano. Stir in the olive oil. Taste and add more salt if necessary. Refrigerate for 30 minutes to meld the flavors. To make the nachos: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Spread the pita chips in a single layer on a baking sheet or a large heatproof platter. Sprinkle both cheeses evenly over the chips. Scatter the pepperoncini over the cheese. Bake just until the cheese is melted, about 7 to 10 minutes. Remove from the oven and scatter olives and cherry tomato quarters over the top. Spoon s <END>
INPUT: preserved, lemons, kosher salt, lemon juice, pickling salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Preserved Lemons | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 12 lemons; 1 cup kosher salt; Fresh squeezed lemon juice; 1 Tbsp pickling salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Sterilize a 1-quart glass preserving jar with boiling water right before filling with lemons. Slice lemon from bud end to within 1/2-inch of stem end. Turn lemon 90 degrees and repeat. Open lemon slightly and pack inside with salt. Pack into jar and repeat with remaining lemons. Add enough lemon juice to cover to the top. Add pickling salt and close jar tightly. Set aside to pickle for at least 3 weeks. Every few days, turn jar over to redistribute juices and let stand on its head for a few days, then invert again.; <END>
INPUT: creams, rush, powdered sugar, condensed milk, peppermint extract, dark chocolate
OUTPUT: TITLE: Peppermint Creams Sugar Rush | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups powdered sugar, plus more for dusting; 1/3 cup sweetened condensed milk; 1/4 teaspoon peppermint extract; 4 ounces dark chocolate, broken into pieces | INSTRUCTIONS: In a bowl, stir together the sugar, condensed milk and extract until it forms a smooth, soft dough. Keep the dough covered in plastic wrap so it won't dry out. Dust your board with powdered sugar and roll the dough out until it is about 1/8-inch thick. Cut into 1 1/2-inch rounds or other shapes, re-rolling the dough as needed. Put the chocolate into a heatproof bowl and set it over a pot of simmering water to melt it. Alternately, put the bowl into the microwave and cook in 30 second intervals, stirring each time. Dip the peppermint creams into the chocolate until they are half covered. Lay th <END>
INPUT: shooter, side, shrimp, canola oil, Cajun seasoning, kosher salt, light mayonnaise
OUTPUT: TITLE: Shrimp Po' Boy with Oyster Shooter on the Side | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 large shrimp, peeled and tails removed; 2 teaspoons canola oil; 1/2 teaspoon Cajun seasoning; 1/4 teaspoon kosher salt; 1/4 cup light mayonnaise; 1 tablespoon chopped dill; 1 teaspoon Asian chili sauce, such as Sriracha, or more to taste; Zest and juice of 1 lime; 1 crusty po' boy loaf, split almost all the way but still connected, and toasted (you can always use whole wheat instead); 2 slices tomato, halved; 1/2 avocado, sliced; Bibb lettuce, for filling; 1 raw oyster, shucked; 1 part vodka; 2 parts tomato juice (I recommend using low-sodium) | INSTRUCTIONS: For the po' boy: Heat an outdoor grill or grill pan over medium heat. Toss the shrimp with the canola oil, Cajun seasoning and salt. Grill until opaque, about 2 minutes per side. Remove from the grill. In a small bowl, mix together the mayonnaise, dill, chili sauce and lime juice and zest. To assemble the sandwich, spread the spicy mayonnaise on both sides of the bread. Fill with the grilled shrimp, tomato halves, sliced avocado and lettuce. Slice in half on the diagonal and serve. Also, try it without the bread and put the fillings into the Bibb lettuce! For the oyster shooter: Place the oyst <END>
INPUT: Italian, breasts, chicken breast halves, soft cheese goat's, herbs, Salt pepper, olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Stuffed Chicken Breasts | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 4 boneless chicken breast halves; 4 ounces soft cheese such as fresh goat's cheese, or ricotta; 1/4 cup chopped herbs (one of a kind or a mix) such as chives, parsley, tarragon, dill, mint or basil; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 tablespoons olive oil | INSTRUCTIONS: With a slender knife cut a 3-inch pocket along length of thickest side of chicken (or have a butcher do this for you). In a mixing bowl combine the cheese with chopped herbs of your choice and season to taste with salt and pepper. Stuff a quarter of this mixture into each pocket and secure pocket with toothpicks. Season the outside with salt and pepper. Heat the olive oil in a non-stick pan and saute the chicken, skin side down for 5 to 6 minutes over moderate heat. Turn over and cook for 5 minutes longer or until chicken is cooked through. Remove toothpicks and serve over the salad. Variation <END>
INPUT: bacon, onions, chicken broth, cider vinegar, firmly dark sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Collard Greens with Red Onions and Bacon | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 pound sliced bacon, cut crosswise into fourths; 3 medium red onions, chopped coarse (about 3 cups); 1 1/4 cups chicken broth; 1/4 cup cider vinegar; 2 tablespoons firmly packed dark brown sugar, or to taste; 1/2 teaspoon dried hot red pepper flakes, or to taste; 4 pounds collard greens (preferably small leaves), coarse stems and ribs discarded and leaves and thin stems washed well, drained, and chopped coarse | INSTRUCTIONS: In a deep heavy kettle cook bacon in 2 batches over moderate heat until crisp and transfer to paper towels to drain. Pour off all but about 3 tablespoons drippings and in drippings remaining in kettle cook onions, stirring occasionally, until browned slightly and softened. Transfer onions with a slotted spoon to a bowl. To kettle add broth, vinegar, brown sugar, red pepper flakes, and about half of bacon, stirring until sugar is dissolved. Add about half of collards, tossing until wilted slightly, and add remaining collards, tossing until combined. Simmer collards, covered, 30 minutes. Stir in <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, triangles, butter, egg, onion, pkg spinach, phyllo
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spinach Feta Triangles | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon butter; 1 egg, lightly beaten; 1/2 cup onion, finely chopped; 1 pkg frozen chopped spinach, thawed and drained; 8 sheets phyllo; 1 cup crumbled feta cheese; 1 stick butter, melted; Salt; Pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: In a skillet melt butter and cook onion for about 3 minutes or until softened. Remove skillet from heat and stir in spinach, feta cheese and egg. Season with salt and pepper. Preheat oven to 375 degrees. Lay out one layer of phyllo dough and brush with butter. Top with another layer of dough and repeat with butter and a third layer of dough. With a sharp knife cut rectangle into 3 evenly sized pieces. Place a heaping tablespoon of the spinach mixture in lower left corner of one of the pieces and fold up as you would a flag--folding the lower corner up to form a triangle and continuing to fold  <END>
INPUT: French, PRETZEL, light salad dressing, seasoned salt, twist pretzels
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pretzel Crusted Cod with Apricot Dijon Sauce | CUISINE: French | INGREDIENTS: PRETZEL CRUSTED COD:; 1/3 cup light salad dressing; 1 tsp. seasoned salt; 4 oz. small twist pretzels (3 1/2 cups); 4 (4 oz.) cod fillets; 2 to 3 tbsps. Crisco® Puritan Canola Oil with Omega-3 DHA; APRICOT DIJON SAUCE:; 2/3 cup Smucker's® Apricot Low Sugar Preserves; 1 tbsp. Dijon mustard; 1 tbsp. plus 1 teaspoon fat-free half-and-half; 2 tbsps. minced flat leaf parsley, if desired | INSTRUCTIONS: COMBINE salad dressing and seasoned salt in a small bowl. Pulse pretzels in a food processor until pretzels are finely chopped, leaving some small pieces; this makes about 1 cup. Place in shallow dish. SPREAD each side of fish with salad dressing mixture; coat with crushed pretzels. Heat 2 tablespoons oil in large nonstick frying pan over medium heat. Saute fish slowly, cooking 3 to 4 minutes per side (or until golden brown and internal temperature reaches 145 degrees F) adding additional oil if necessary. Keep fish warm. WHISK apricot preserves, Dijon mustard and half-and-half together in a s <END>
INPUT: French, cider vinegar, honey, maple syrup, Dijon mustard, harissa sauce
OUTPUT: TITLE: Maple Dijon Marinated Pork Chops | CUISINE: French | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup cider vinegar; 2 tablespoons honey; 2/3 cup maple syrup; 1/2 cup Dijon mustard; 1/4 cup harissa sauce; 8 loin pork chops (1/2-inch thick) | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large resealable plastic bag, combine marinade and pork chops. Marinate for at least 1 hour and up to 4 hours, refrigerated. Preheat a grill or grill pan to medium-high heat. Remove pork chops from bag, and discard marinade. Grill pork chops until the internal temperature reaches 160 degrees F on an instant-read thermometer, 5 to 6 minutes per side. <END>
INPUT: chantrelles, spring, peas, chanterelle mushrooms, virgin olive oil, garlic, prosciutto
OUTPUT: TITLE: Bucatini with Chantrelles, Spring Peas, and Prosciutto | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup fresh or frozen peas; 1 pound chanterelle mushrooms; 5 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 3 cloves garlic; 2 ounces thinly sliced prosciutto; 1 1/2 pounds peeled, seeded, crushed tomatoes; 1/4 cup chopped Italian parsley; 1 pound bucatini; 1/4 cup grated Parmesan; Salt and pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: If using fresh peas, parboil them in salted water for 3 to 5 minutes. Drain them and set aside. Trim the tough ends and wilted spots from the mushrooms. Wipe them clean, or wash them quickly and air dry them. Slice thinly and set aside. Bring 6 quarts of salted water to a boil. Heat olive oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Crush the garlic cloves and add them along with the prosciutto in the skillet, and cook, stirring, until lightly browned, about 4 minutes. Stir in the mushrooms, season with salt and pepper, and cook until wilted, about 7 minutes. Add the tomatoes, season, and bring to <END>
INPUT: pizzas, virgin olive oil, onion, bell pepper, tomato paste, beef
OUTPUT: TITLE: Beef Pita Pizzas | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1 medium onion, finely chopped; 1 medium red bell pepper, finely chopped; 2 tablespoons tomato paste; 8 ounces 90 percent lean ground beef; Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper; 1/2 cup plain 2 percent Greek yogurt; 1 tablespoon plus 2 teaspoons red wine vinegar; 4 whole-wheat pocketless pitas; 1 head green-leaf lettuce, torn into pieces; 1/2 cup pickled beets, cut into bite-size pieces; 1 small cucumber, peeled and cut into half moons | INSTRUCTIONS: Position a rack in the upper third of the oven and preheat to 400 degrees F. Heat 1 tablespoon olive oil in a large nonstick skillet over medium-high heat. Add the onion and bell pepper and cook, stirring occasionally, until golden, 6 to 8 minutes. Add the tomato paste and cook, stirring, until brick red, 1 minute. Add the beef, 2 tablespoons water, 3/4 teaspoon salt, and pepper to taste and cook, breaking up the meat, until browned, 3 to 4 minutes. Remove from the heat and stir in 1/4 cup yogurt and 2 teaspoons vinegar. Season with salt and pepper and transfer to a bowl. Wipe out the skillet  <END>
INPUT: soy sauce, sugar, garlic powder, onions, pork belly
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pork Belly Bao | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups soy sauce; 2 cups brown sugar; 3 tablespoons garlic powder; 5 green onions; 2 pounds pork belly, skin off; 1/2 cup roasted peanuts; 2 teaspoons raw sugar; Vegetable oil; 1 clove garlic, crushed; 1 tablespoon chopped white onion; 1 head preserved mustard greens, chopped; 2 tablespoons sweet soy sauce; 3 teaspoons cilantro leaves, chopped; 6 gua bao (pork belly buns); 3 tablespoons hoisin sauce | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Combine the soy sauce, brown sugar, garlic powder, green onions and 4 cups water in a pot. Bring to a boil over high heat, stirring occasionally. Let cool to room temperature. Combine the marinade and the pork belly in a pan, cover and marinate for 24 hours in the refrigerator. Preheat the oven to 300 degrees F. Set the pan with the pork belly and marinade in the oven. Cook until tender, about 3 hours. Remove the pan from the oven. Set a second pan directly on the pork belly and weight it with canned goods to compress the pork belly. Refrigerate for at least 6 ho <END>
INPUT: fritters, orange juice, sugar, Zest from lemon, lemon juice, Bartlett Anjou pears
OUTPUT: TITLE: Poached Pear Fritters | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup orange juice; 1 1/2 cups sugar; Zest from 1 lemon, removed in thin strips with vegetable peeler; 3 tablespoons fresh lemon juice (from 1 lemon); 3 Bartlett or Anjou pears (about 1 1/2 pounds), peeled, cut in half lengthwise, and cored; 1 1/4 cups all-purpose flour; 3 tablespoons sugar; 1 teaspoon baking powder; 1/8 teaspoon kosher salt; 1 cup beer (not dark); 1 large egg, lightly beaten; 8 to 10 cups vegetable oil; Confectioners' sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: Poach pears In large saucepan over moderately high heat, stir together 4 cups water, orange juice, sugar, lemon zest, and lemon juice. Bring to simmer, stirring until sugar dissolves, then add pears, cut sides up, in single layer. Reduce heat and simmer, uncovered, until pears are tender but not falling apart, about 15 minutes. Remove from heat and cool pears in poaching liquid. (Pears can be poached ahead and refrigerated in poaching liquid, covered, up to 24 hours. Bring to room temperature before proceeding.) Remove pears from poaching liquid (reserve liquid) and slice lengthwise into 1/4-i <END>
INPUT: Mexican, cakes, rinsed beans, corn, onion, sharp Cheddar cheese, Monterey Jack cheese
OUTPUT: TITLE: Corn and Black Bean Tortilla Cakes | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup rinsed and drained canned black beans, patted dry; 1 cup fresh corn (from about 2 ears); 1 cup finely chopped red onion; 1 1/2 cups grated extra-sharp white Cheddar cheese (about 6 ounces); 1 1/2 cups grated Monterey Jack cheese (about 6 ounces); twelve 6- to-7 inch flour tortillas; 1 tablespoon olive oil; 1/4 teaspoon cayenne | INSTRUCTIONS: In a bowl, toss together beans, corn, and onion. In another bowl, toss together cheeses. Put 3 tortillas in one layer on a large heavy baking sheet. Sprinkle each tortilla with about 1/3 cup bean mixture and about 1/3 cup cheese mixture and top with a second tortilla; Make 2 more layers on each tortilla in same manner with remaining bean mixture, cheeses, and tortillas, gently pressing each layer down and ending with a fourth tortilla on top of each cake. Tortilla cakes may be prepared up to this point 6 hours ahead and chilled, wrapped well in plastic wrap. Preheat oven to 450°F. In a small b <END>
INPUT: crusted, pumpkinseeds, ancho powder, Salt pepper, thyme, goat cheese
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pumpkin Seed-Crusted Chicken | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup pumpkinseeds; 1 teaspoon ancho powder; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 teaspoon thyme (fresh, chopped); 1 cup goat cheese; 4 (12-ounce) chicken breasts, skin and wing bone attached; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 425 degrees F. Toast the pumpkinseeds and ancho powder in a saute pan on medium high heat. Remove, crush in a mortar and pestle, and place in a large bowl. Add salt, pepper, and fresh thyme. Stuff the goat cheese underneath the chicken skin of the breast, then dredge the chicken on both sides in the mixture and remove. Heat a saute pan on medium heat, add olive oil. Place the chicken, skin side down into the pan. When it becomes golden, flip the chicken and place into the oven for 12 to 15 minutes. Serve with a green salad or favorite vegetables. Serving suggestion: a green sal <END>
INPUT: American, crusted, warm, goat cheese, cascabel chile, pistachio nuts, bread crumbs, olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chile Crusted Warm Goat Cheese Salad with Hot Candied Walnuts and Balsamic Vinaigrette | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound goat cheese, divided into 4 round disks; 1/4 cascabel chile, toasted in a dry pan, ground in a coffee grinder; 1/4 cup pistachio nuts, toasted in a dry pan, ground in a grinder or food processor; 1/4 cup bread crumbs (Japanese panko, if available); 1 tablespoon olive oil; Balsamic Vinaigrette, recipe follows; Hot Candied Walnuts, recipe follows; 1/2 cup good olive oil; 1/4 cup balsamic vinegar; 2 shallots, minced; 1 teaspoon finely chopped fresh thyme leaves; 1 teaspoon finely chopped fresh rosemary leaves; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 cup shelled walnuts; 1/4 cup sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: Crust the cheese with the chile, nuts, and bread crumbs and a little salt. Heat 1 tablespoon olive oil in a nonstick pan (large enough to fit all 4 disks comfortably) on medium heat. Place the crusted cheese in the pan. Heat for 45 seconds, turn with a spatula, and heat for another 45 seconds. On each of 4 plates, place a round of crusted goat cheese. Drizzle with Balsamic Vinaigrette and sprinkle with the Hot Candied Walnuts. Combine all ingredients and season with salt and pepper. In a large saute pan on medium heat, place all ingredients. Keep the pan moving until the sugar melts and the in <END>
INPUT: Italian, hickory, loin, lamb shanks, vegetable oil, Salt pepper, Spanish onion, carrot
OUTPUT: TITLE: Hickory Grilled Lamb Loin with Cannellini Bean, Braised Lamb Shank and Tuscan Fennel Sausage Ragout  | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 2 lamb shanks, preferably hind shank; 2 tablespoons vegetable oil; Salt and freshly ground black pepper, to taste; 1 Spanish yellow onion, medium, diced; I carrot, medium, diced; 1 medium rib celery, diced; 3 garlic cloves; 1 bay leaf; 1/2 cup Chianti or dry red wine; 1 cup chicken stock; 1/3 cup dried cannellini beans, or great northern beans; 1 cup chicken stock; 1/2 cup water; 1 bay leaf; 1/2 yellow onion, chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: For the lamb shank braise: Preheat oven to 315 degrees F. Trim excess fat from shank, heat cast iron pan. Add 1 tablespoon oil, season shank assertively with salt and pepper, and slowly brown all sides over medium high heat. Remove from pan, discarding excess oil. Add onion. Cook for 5 minutes. Add carrots, celery, garlic and bay leaf. Cook until vegetables are caramelized and tender. Add wine and reduce. Add chicken stock and bring to a simmer. Place shank in deep pan or dish. Pour vegetables and broth over shanks. Bring back to a simmer over medium heat. Cover and braise for about 1 hour 45  <END>
INPUT: salad, beets, wine vinegar, Dijon mustard, caraway seeds, olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Beet Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 pounds beets, boiled, peeled and thinly sliced; 3 tablespoons red wine vinegar; 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard; 1 teaspoon caraway seeds; 1/3 cup olive oil; Salt and pepper; 6 radishes, trimmed and thinly sliced; 3 scallions, thinly sliced; Green leaf lettuce; 3 tablespoons finely chopped parsley | INSTRUCTIONS: Place sliced beets in large bowl. In a small bowl, whisk together vinegar, mustard, and caraway seeds. Slowly add oil in a stream and continue whisking. Season with salt and pepper. Pour the dressing over the beets leaving 3 tablespoons of dressing in the small bowl. Add the radishes and scallions to the remaining dressing in the small bowl and toss to coat. Place the lettuce on a platter and top with beets. Sprinkle beets with radishes and scallions. Garnish with parsley. <END>
INPUT: neely, pork, butter, carrots, celery, onion, all purpose flour
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grandma Neely's Fried Pork Chop Vegetable Soup | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons butter; 2 carrots, chopped; 2 celery stalks, chopped; 1 onion, chopped; 3 tablespoons all-purpose flour; 1 tablespoon tomato paste; 32 ounces vegetable broth; 1 (14.5-ounce) can diced tomatoes; 1 large white potato, cubed; 1/2 (10-ounce) box frozen corn; 1/2 (10-ounce) box frozen peas; 5 ounces fresh green beans, cut into bite size pieces; 2 tablespoons freshly chopped parsley leaves; Peanut oil, to fry; 1 1/2 cups all-purpose flour | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large pot over medium heat, melt butter and saute carrots, celery and onion until softened, about 6 minutes. Add the flour to the vegetables and blend well. Cook the flour until it achieves a slight blonde color. Next, stir in the tomato paste and allow to slightly cook, about 1 to 2 minutes. Pour in vegetable broth while stirring and bring soup to a boil. Reduce heat and add the can of diced tomatoes and the potatoes. Simmer until potatoes are cooked through, about 20 minutes. Meanwhile, preheat the peanut oil in an electric fryer or large pan fitted with deep-fry thermometer to 325 degr <END>
INPUT: rings, very onions, all purpose flour, baking powder, egg, milk
OUTPUT: TITLE: Breaded Onion Rings | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 very large onions (2 pound total), cut crosswise into 1/4-inch-thick slices; 1 1/4 cups all-purpose flour; 1 teaspoon baking powder; 1 large egg; 1 cup milk; 1 3/4 cups plain fine dry bread crumbs; About 1 quart vegetable oil; Equipment: a deep-fat thermometer | INSTRUCTIONS: Separate slices into rings, reserving small inner rings for another use if desired. Stir together flour, baking powder, and 1 teaspoon salt in a bowl. Whisk together egg and milk in another bowl. Spread bread crumbs out on a plate. Coating rings in batches of 4, dredge rings in flour mixture, shaking off excess, then dip in egg mixture, letting excess drip off, and dredge in crumbs, shaking off excess. Transfer to sheets of wax paper. Heat 1 inch oil in a 5-quart pot over medium-high heat until it registers 360°F on thermometer. Fry rings in batches of 4 to 6, without crowding, turning over on <END>
INPUT: cornbread, neutral oil, bacon, all purpose flour, cornmeal, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Bacon-Jalapeno-Cheddar Cornbread | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Nonstick cooking spray or neutral oil, for greasing the muffin cups; 6 slices bacon; 1 cup all-purpose flour; 1 cup yellow cornmeal; 6 tablespoons sugar; 2 1/2 teaspoons baking powder; 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt; 1/4 teaspoon baking soda; 1 cup buttermilk; 6 tablespoons vegetable oil; 1 large egg plus 1 egg yolk; 1 cup grated Cheddar; 1 jalapeno, seeded and very finely diced; 1/2 cup bourbon; 2 tablespoons honey | INSTRUCTIONS: For the cornbread: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Liberally grease 12 muffin cups or mini cast-iron skillets with cooking spray or oil. Put the bacon in a skillet over medium heat and cook until browned and crisp, about 7 minutes. Set the bacon aside to cool on a paper towel-lined plate, then chop finely. Reserve the grease in the skillet for the glaze. In a large bowl, whisk together the flour, cornmeal, sugar, baking powder, salt and baking soda. In a separate bowl, mix together the buttermilk, oil, whole egg and egg yolk. Add the wet ingredients to the dry ingredients and mix until just <END>
INPUT: American, casserole, squash zucchini, onion, coarse salt, bread crumbs, eggs
OUTPUT: TITLE: Squash Casserole | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 pounds yellow squash or zucchini (older larger squash may be used here), cleaned and cut into 1/2-inch rounds; 1 yellow onion, peeled and cut into large dice; 1 tablespoon plus 1 teaspoon coarse salt; 1 1/2 cups fresh bread crumbs; 3 large eggs, lightly beaten; 1 cup heavy cream; 1 teaspoon fresh thyme leaves; 1 cup shredded sharp cheddar; 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; Pinch cayenne pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Place squash and onion in a medium saucepan, and cover with water. Add 1 tablespoon salt, and bring to a boil. Reduce heat, and simmer until tender, about 20 minutes. Drain well, and transfer to a large bowl. Add 1 cup bread crumbs, eggs, cream, thyme, 1/2 cup cheese, black pepper, cayenne pepper, and remaining teaspoon salt. Gently stir to combine. Pour into a 2-quart shallow baking dish. Spread remaining 1/2 cup cheese and remaining 1/2 cup bread crumbs over top. Cover, and bake until set, about 30 minutes. Uncover, and continue baking until top is browned, <END>
INPUT: American, rosemarie, sifted flour, salt, sugar, shortening, ice water
OUTPUT: TITLE: Rosemarie's Peanut Butter Pie | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cups sifted flour; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 2 tablespoons of sugar; 1/2 cup shortening; 2 1/2 to 3 tablespoons of ice cold water; Pinch of salt; 2 1/2 cups milk; 3 egg yolks; 3/4 cup sugar; 1/2 cup flour; 1 teaspoon vanilla; 1/2 cup smooth peanut butter; Baked pie shell (from above); 1 cup cream, whipped; 1/2 cup peanuts, roasted | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 450 degrees. Sift together flour, salt and sugar. Cut in shortening until it resembles cornmeal. Add water, 1 tablespoon at a time, tossing with fork until moist enough to hold together. Shape into a ball. Wrap in wax paper. Refrigerate 1 hour. On a lightly floured board, roll out chilled pastry until large enough to line a 9-inch pie pan. Dust top lightly with flour and line pan. Prick all over with fork. Flute edges. Place in freezer 15-20 minutes. Bake 12 to 15 minutes. Cool. Combine egg yolks, salt and milk. Mix well. Place in heavy saucepan and cook over low heat, stirring <END>
INPUT: American, meringue, all purpose flour, fine sea salt, solid vegetable shortening, ice water
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate Meringue Pie | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/4 cups all-purpose flour, plus more for rolling; 1/2 teaspoon fine sea salt; 4 tablespoons (1/2 stick) unsalted butter, chilled and cut into pieces; 1/4 cup solid vegetable shortening, chilled and cut into pieces; 3 to 8 tablespoons ice water; 2 ounces semisweet chocolate, melted; 2 cups whole milk; 1 cup granulated sugar; 1/4 cup cocoa powder; 3 1/2 tablespoons all-purpose flour; 3 large eggs, separated; 1/2 teaspoon pure vanilla extract; Pinch of fine sea salt; 1 teaspoon cream of tartar; 1/4 cup confectioners' sugar, sifted | INSTRUCTIONS: For the beginner's pie crust: Combine the flour and salt in the bowl of a food processor fitted with the blade attachment. Add the butter and vegetable shortening and process until the mixture resembles coarse meal, 8 to 10 seconds. With the processor on pulse, add enough of the ice water, 1 tablespoon at a time, until the dough holds together without being sticky or crumbly. Shape the dough into a disk and wrap in plastic wrap. Chill until firm and the moisture has distributed evenly, about 30 minutes. Flour a clean work surface and a rolling pin. Place the dough disk in the center of the flo <END>
INPUT: American, pizzaiola, tender steaks your, Salt, oregano marjoram, salt, Smooth Tomato Sauce
OUTPUT: TITLE: Steak Pizzaiola | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 4 tender steaks of your choice, each 1 portion (or 4 to 6 cubes steaks weighing a total of 1 1/2 to 2 pounds); Salt; 3/4 teaspoon dried oregano or marjoram; 1/2 to 3/4 teaspoon salt; 2 cups Smooth Tomato Sauce, recipe follows; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1 small onion or 1/2 medium onion, finely chopped (about 1/2 cup) or 1 large clove garlic, lightly smashed; One 28-ounce can plum tomatoes, drained of the can juices; 1/2 teaspoon salt; Hot red pepper flakes or freshly ground black pepper to taste; Few leaves of fresh basil or parsley | INSTRUCTIONS: Sprinkle both sides of the steak with salt. In a large skillet, preheated over high heat, pan-broil the steaks, until the large ones are almost done to taste, or the small ones are well browned. If using large steaks, you probably will not be able to fit them all in the pan at once. Do a couple at a time, then remove them and set them aside while cooking the rest. The small steaks should fit comfortably in the pan side by side, but if they crowd the pan, do not brown them all at once. When all the steaks have been cooked, pour off any fat in the skillet. Add the 2 cups of tomato sauce and drie <END>
INPUT: Indian, mousse, egg yolks, salt, milk, imported milk chocolate, dark rum
OUTPUT: TITLE: Milk Chocolate Mousse with Cranberry and Candied-Orange Chutney | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 3 large egg yolks; Pinch of salt; 2/3 cup whole milk; 12 ounces imported milk chocolate, finely chopped; 1 teaspoon dark rum; 1 1/2 cups chilled whipping cream, divided; Cranberry and Candied-Orange Chutney; Dark chocolate shavings | INSTRUCTIONS: Whisk yolks and salt to blend in medium bowl. Bring milk to simmer in medium saucepan. Gradually whisk hot milk into yolk mixture; return to same pan. Stir over low heat until custard thickens, about 1 minute (do not boil). Remove from heat; add chocolate. Whisk until chocolate melts and mousse base is smooth; whisk in rum. Cool 45 minutes. Beat 3/4 cup cream in bowl until peaks form; fold into mousse base. Cover; chill at least 4 hours. Beat 3/4 cup cream in another bowl until peaks form. Drop 1 1/2 tablespoons chutney into each dessert dish. Top with 1/2 cup mousse, 1 1/2 tablespoons chutney <END>
INPUT: American, bistro, beef, KRAFT DELI DELUXE, onion, hamburger buns, KRAFT SANDWICH SHOP
OUTPUT: TITLE: Bistro Burger | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 lb. extra-lean ground beef; 4 KRAFT DELI DELUXE Process Bacon Cheddar Cheese Slices; 4 onion slices (1/2 inch thick); 4 hamburger buns; 1/4 cup KRAFT SANDWICH SHOP Horseradish Dijon Flavored Reduced Fat Mayonnaise | INSTRUCTIONS: HEAT grill to medium-high heat. SHAPE meat into 4 (1/2-inch-thick) patties. GRILL 4 to 6 min. on each side or until done (160 degrees F). Top with cheese; grill 1 min. or until melted. Meanwhile, place onions and buns, cut-sides down, on grill; cook 1 to 2 min. or until onions are lightly browned and buns are lightly toasted, turning onions after 1 min. SPREAD mayonnaise onto cut sides of buns; fill with cheeseburgers and onions. Serving Suggestion: Serve with a mixed green salad and your favorite fresh fruit to round out the meal. How to Cook on the Stove: Cook patties in large skillet on med <END>
INPUT: American, onions, chickens, spicy crab boil, Garlic powder, Cajun barbeque sauce
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spicy Crab Boil BBQ Chicken with Cajun Barbeque Sauce | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup green onions, chopped; 2 whole chickens, cut into pieces; 1 cup spicy crab boil spice mix; Garlic powder; 2 cups Cajun barbeque sauce; 1/2 cup fresh parsley, chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large stock pot, bring 1 gallon of water and 1/4 cup of the green onions to a boil. Add crab boil, mix and reduce heat to a slow boil or simmer. Add all chicken pieces and continue to simmer for 8 to 10 minutes. Turn off heat and allow the chicken to soak for 5 to 15 minutes. Strain water. Place chicken on a large tray. Season with a light coating of garlic powder, to taste, and parsley and rub into meat. Place all chicken pieces on grill. Baste chicken with generous portions of sauce, repeat if necessary. Grill until the chicken skin is crispy. This dish is delicious if you have a taste  <END>
INPUT: salad, dressed, clipped watercress, crumbled Gorgonzola, onion, spiced walnuts, wine vinaigrette
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grandma's Watercress Salad All Dressed Up | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 bunches washed and clipped watercress; 4 ounces crumbled Gorgonzola; 4 ounces red onion, julienned; 4 ounces spiced walnuts, recipe follows; 4 ounces red wine vinaigrette, recipe follows; Kosher salt and freshly ground white pepper; 2 ounces duck prosciutto; 4 mission figs, cut in 1/2 lengthwise; Fig balsamic vinegar; 3 ounces butter; 2 cups walnuts, chopped; 3 ounces honey; Kosher salt and freshly ground white pepper; Pinch cayenne pepper; 3 cloves | INSTRUCTIONS: In a medium mixing bowl, toss watercress, gorgonzola, onion, nuts and vinaigrette. Season and decoratively place in the center of a chilled plate (be sure to divide all ingredients evenly amongst 4 plates). Garnish salad with slices of prosciutto, figs and a drizzle of fig balsamic vinegar. Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. In a medium saute pan over medium heat, melt butter and then add nuts. Toss nuts in pan until well coated with butter, then add honey and toss some more until nuts are well coated. Season with salt, pepper and a touch of cayenne pepper. Put nuts in oven for about 5 to 7 minute <END>
INPUT: amaretti cookies, sugar, unsalted butter, whipped cream
OUTPUT: TITLE: Peaches Stuffed with Amaretti Cookies | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 ounces amaretti cookies (about 12 small cookies); 3 ripe, firm peaches (about 5 ounces each), halved and pitted; 3 teaspoons sugar (1/2 teaspoon per peach half); 3 teaspoons unsalted butter (1/2 teaspoon per peach half); 2 cups fresh whipped cream | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Butter the bottom of an 8-inch baking dish and set aside. Using a melon baller, clean out the red flesh from the center of each peach. Arrange the peaches cut side up in the prepared dish. In the bowl of a food processor, add the amaretti cookies and pulse until finely crumbled. Divide the amaretti crumbs between the peaches. Fill the center of each peach with the amaretti cookie crumbs. Sprinkle 1/2 teaspoon of sugar over each. Dot each peach with 1/2 teaspoon of butter. Bake until the peaches are tender and the filling is crisp on top, about 30 minutes. Ser <END>
INPUT: American, blueberry, pie crusts, sugar, blueberries, lemon, flour
OUTPUT: TITLE: Blueberry Pie | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 store-bought frozen pie crusts; 1 cup sugar; 4 1/2 cups blueberries; 1 lemon; 5 tablespoons flour; Salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Unfold first pie crust and press into pie dish. Place blueberries in strainer and rinse. Drain berries and add to large bowl. Add flour and toss to coat. Add sugar, a squeeze of lemon and a dash of salt. Pour berries into pie shell. Cut other pie crust into 1 " strips. Place strips on top of crust in criss-cross pattern to form a lattice. Bake for 45 - 60 minutes or until bubbly. Serve. <END>
INPUT: mashed, baking potatoes, milk, unsalted butter, Salt pepper taste
OUTPUT: TITLE: Perfect Mashed Potatoes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 pounds baking potatoes, peeled and cut into large pieces; 3/4 to 1 cup milk; 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened; Salt and pepper to taste | INSTRUCTIONS: Place potatoes in a medium pot and cover with cold water. Bring to a boil, lower heat to a simmer. Add a generous pinch of salt and continue to simmer until potatoes are fork tender, about 20 minutes. When potato are done, drain and return potatoes to pot to dry slightly. Run potatoes through food mill or potato ricer into pot. Heat milk in saucepan. Add hot milk to potatoes, over heat, until smooth. Add butter and beat until finely textured and fluffy <END>
INPUT: Italian, polenta, chicken stock, garlic, cornmeal, kosher salt, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Creamy Parmesan Polenta | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 4 cups chicken stock, preferably homemade; 2 teaspoons minced garlic (2 cloves); 1 cup yellow cornmeal, preferably stone-ground; 1 tablespoon kosher salt; 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 1 cup freshly grated Parmesan cheese, plus extra for serving; 1/4 cup creme fraiche; 2 tablespoons (1/4 stick) unsalted butter | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Place the chicken stock in a large saucepan. Add the garlic and cook over medium-high heat until the stock comes to a boil. Reduce the heat to medium-low and very slowly whisk in the cornmeal, whisking constantly to make sure there are no lumps. Switch to a wooden spoon, add the salt and pepper, and simmer, stirring almost constantly, for 10 minutes, until thick. Be sure to scrape the bottom of the pan thoroughly while you're stirring. Off the heat, stir in the Parmesan, creme fraiche, and butter. Taste for seasonings and serve hot with extra Parmesan cheese to s <END>
INPUT: Asian, afternoon, ramen, onions, piece ginger, bacon, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Afternoon Ramen | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 2 onions, halved; 1-inch piece fresh ginger, peeled; 2 tablespoons finely chopped bacon; 2 cloves garlic, minced; 2 green onions; 1 leek, washed and halved; 2 quarts broth (chicken, pork or veggie); 1/4 cup soy sauce; 2 tablespoons mirin; 1/2 teaspoon sea salt; 1 1/2 pound-slab boneless pork belly, skin-on; 1/4 cup kosher salt; 1/4 cup sugar; 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 1 cup sake | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. For the broth: Preheat the oven to broil. Place the onion and ginger on a baking sheet and broil until blackened on top, about 10 minutes. Cook the bacon in a large pot over low heat until all of the fat is rendered out and the bacon is crisp, about 10 minutes. Put the roasted onion and ginger, the garlic, green onions, leek, broth, soy sauce, mirin and salt into the pot. Simmer for 2 to 3 hours, while you cook your pork belly. Strain to serve. For the pork belly: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Sprinkle the belly with the salt, sugar and pepper. Throw the sea <END>
INPUT: Mexican, plain popped popcorn, pecans, dark sugar, unsalted butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chipotle-Pecan Candied Popcorn | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: Cooking spray; 12 cups plain popped popcorn; 1 cup pecans, roughly chopped; 1 cup packed dark brown sugar; 4 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1/4 cup honey; 1 teaspoon chipotle chile powder; 1/4 teaspoon baking soda Salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 250 degrees F. Generously coat a baking sheet with cooking spray. Toss the popcorn and pecans on the prepared baking sheet. Transfer to the oven while preparing the syrup. Combine the brown sugar, butter and honey in a medium saucepan over medium-low heat; cook, stirring occasionally, until the sugar is dissolved and the butter is completely melted. Increase the heat to high and boil, stirring constantly, until thickened, about 4 minutes. Remove from the heat and stir in the chile powder, baking soda and 1 teaspoon salt. Remove the popcorn mixture from the oven; slowly pour <END>
INPUT: truffles, dark semisweet chocolate, vanilla extract, cinnamon, avocados, cocoa powder hot
OUTPUT: TITLE: Avocado Truffles | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cups dark or semisweet chocolate chips, melted; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; 1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 2 ripe avocados, mashed; 1 cup cocoa powder or hot chocolate mix | INSTRUCTIONS: Add the melted chocolate, vanilla, cinnamon and mashed avocado to a medium bowl and mix until combined. Refrigerate for 10 minutes. Put the cocoa powder on a plate. Using a teaspoon, scoop rounded spoonfuls of the avocado-chocolate mixture. Roll them in your hands until they form truffle rounds. Roll in the cocoa. Refrigerate for another 10 minutes to set up. <END>
INPUT: pomegranate molasses, orange juice, cinnamon, quail, Canola oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pomegranate-Cinnamon Grilled Quail | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup pomegranate molasses; 2 tablespoons fresh orange juice; 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 8 quail, butterflied; Canola oil, for drizzling; Salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat grill to medium. Combine pomegranate molasses, orange juice, and cinnamon in a small bowl. Drizzle quail with canola oil and season with salt and pepper. Grill, breast-side down, over medium heat, for about 7 minutes total or until golden brown and slightly charred. When quail is 3/4 cooked brush with glaze, turn over, brush the other side with glaze, and continue grilling until just cooked through. Remove from the grill and serve 2 quail per person. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, sister, fajitas, Mexican beer, chipotle adobo sauce, lime, Several thyme
OUTPUT: TITLE: My Sister Ria's Favorite Fajitas, with Black Beans and Rice | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2/3 cup Mexican beer; 1/2 cup chopped chipotle in adobo sauce, found on international foods aisle, smoky chipotle prepared salsa may be substituted; 1 lime, juiced; Several sprigs fresh thyme, chopped, about 2 tablespoons; 1 1/2 tablespoons (1/2 palmful) chili powder; A generous drizzle vegetable, corn, or olive oil; Flank steak; 8 (8-inch) flour tortillas; 1 tablespoon vegetable, corn or olive oil; 1 large red bell pepper, seeded and cut into strips; 1 poblano pepper (if you market does not carry them, substitute 1 Cubanelle long Italian pepper); 1 medium yellow-skinned Spanish onion, cut into thin strips; Salt and pepper; 1 package Spanish style rice, any brand, prepared to directions on the package; 1 tablespoon (1 turn around the pan) vegetable, olive, or corn oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine marinade ingredients in a shallow dish. Turn flank steak in marinade and let stand 15 minutes. The meat can be placed in marinade in the morning and allowed to marinate until suppertime if you enjoy very strong, spicy flavors. The short marinade will result in a milder tasting meat which is more palatable to many not-too-hot taste buds. Follow directions on packaged rice and get it simmering, it will take 18 to 20 minutes. Heat a grill pan to high heat and sear the flank steak 4 minutes on each side. Reduce heat and cook meat 6 to 8 minutes longer, turning occasionally. Heat a medium n <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, relish, lemons, onion, kosher salt more, Castelvetrano other brined, capers
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cod with Lemon, Green Olive, and Onion Relish | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 2 lemons; 1/2 small red onion, very thinly sliced into rings; 1 teaspoon kosher salt plus more; 1/2 cup Castelvetrano or other brined green olives (about 24), coarsely chopped; 2 tablespoons drained capers, chopped; 1 1/4 cups olive oil, divided; Kosher salt, freshly ground pepper; 8 6-ounce pieces skinless cod fillets; 2 dried red chiles, stemmed, or 1/4 teaspoons crushed red pepper flakes; 1/4 cup fresh flat-leaf parsley leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: Finely grate zest from lemons; set aside. Using a sharp knife, cut peel and white pith from lemons; discard. Working over a medium bowl, cut between membranes to release segments into bowl and squeeze membranes to release juices; discard membranes and any seeds. Set lemon segments aside. Combine onion and 1 teaspoon salt in a small bowl. Let sit 10 minutes. Squeeze onion to remove any excess liquid; add to bowl with lemon segments. Add olives, capers, reserved lemon zest, and 3/4 cup oil; season with salt and pepper and toss to combine. Cover relish and chill at least 4 hours. Preheat oven to  <END>
INPUT: French, salad, jumbo lump crabmeat, celery, chives, tarragon leaves, mayonnaise
OUTPUT: TITLE: Crab Salad | CUISINE: French | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound jumbo lump crabmeat, picked over to remove any shell or cartilage; 1 stalk celery, peeled, and cut into 1/8-inch dice; 4 teaspoons finely sliced fresh chives; 1 teaspoon minced fresh tarragon leaves; 1/3 cup prepared mayonnaise; 3 tablespoons sour cream; 1 teaspoon freshly squeezed lemon juice; 1/2 teaspoon Dijon mustard; Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper; Serving suggestions: Toasted hot dog rolls or Boston or Bibb lettuce leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: In a medium bowl, lightly toss the crabmeat, celery, chives, and tarragon together. In a small bowl, stir together the mayonnaise, sour cream, lemon juice, and mustard. Add the dressing to the crabmeat mixture and stir until just coated. Season with salt and pepper to taste. If not using right away refrigerate until ready to serve. Serve on toasted rolls or on a bed of lettuce. <END>
INPUT: avgolemono, soup, leek, onion, celery, unsalted butter, asparagus
OUTPUT: TITLE: Asparagus and Dill Avgolemono Soup | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/3 cups finely chopped white part of leek, washed well and drained; 1 1/3 cups finely chopped onion; 1 cup thinly sliced celery; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 3 pounds asparagus, trimmed and cut into 1-inch pieces, reserving about 30 tips for garnish; 4 cups chicken broth; 2 cups water; 3 large eggs; 1/4 cup fresh lemon juice plus additional to taste if desired; 3 tablespoons minced fresh dill; dill sprigs for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large heavy saucepan cook the leek, the onion, and the celery with salt and pepper to taste in the butter over moderate heat, stirring, until the vegetables are softened, add the asparagus pieces, the broth, and the water, and simmer the mixture, covered for 10 to 15 minutes, or until the asparagus is tender. Purée the soup in batches in a blender or food processor until it is smooth, transferring it as it is puréed to another large heavy saucepan, and let it cool to lukewarm. In a saucepan of boiling water cook the reserved asparagus tips for 3 to 4 minutes, or until they are tender, and <END>
INPUT: Mexican, chilies, jicama, Juice lime, chile pepper, Kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Jicama Spears with Lime Juice and Chilies | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 jicama, peeled and cut into spears; Juice of 1 lime; 1 teaspoon ground dried chile pepper (such as Piquin, chipotle, ancho); 1/2 teaspoon Kosher salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Arrange jicama spears on a plate. Sprinkle lime juice, chile powder, salt on top. Serve immediately. <END>
INPUT: punch, peaches, good quality dark, vanilla bean, ginger ale
OUTPUT: TITLE: Peach Punch | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 ripe peaches, (about 8 ounces), halved and pitted; 1 cup good quality dark rum; 1/4 vanilla bean; 5 cups cold ginger ale | INSTRUCTIONS: With a box grater, grate 2 peach halves into a pitcher. Finely dice the remaining peaches, adding to the pitcher, along with the rum and vanilla bean. Cover and refrigerate until chilled, about 2 hours, more than that and the vanilla becomes too potent. Add the ginger ale and serve. Copyright 2004 Television Food Network, G.P. All rights reserved. <END>
INPUT: sliders, wine vinegar, honey, kosher salt, bay leaf, fennel bulb
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Summer Sausage Sliders | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup red wine vinegar; 2 tablespoons honey; 1 teaspoon kosher salt; 1 bay leaf; 1 fennel bulb, thinly sliced; 1 pound summer sausage, sliced 1/8-inch thick; 8 slices Havarti, halved; 8 slider buns, such as Martin's potato rolls; Butter, softened, for spreading; 1/4 head iceberg lettuce; Sriracha Lime Mayo, recipe follows; 1 cup Japanese mayonnaise; 1/4 cup Sriracha or sambal oelek; 2 tablespoons honey; 1 tablespoon lime juice (from about 1/2 lime) | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. In a small pot, bring the vinegar, honey, salt, bay leaf and 1/2 cup water to a simmer. Turn off the heat, transfer to a medium bowl and stir in the fennel. Let come to room temperature, about 15 to 20 minutes. Heat a grill or grill pan over medium heat. Grill the summer sausage until crisp, 5 minutes. Flip the sausage, and make stacks of 3 to 4 slices on the grill. Top each stack with a couple of pieces of cheese, cover the grill and let cook until melted. Remove from the heat and drain on paper towels. Spread the slider buns with butter and grill until lightly  <END>
INPUT: coffee, cake, sugar, dark sugar, walnuts, vanilla extract, cinnamon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sour Cream Coffee Cake | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup sugar; 3 packed tablespoons dark brown sugar; 1/2 cup walnuts, toasted and coarsely chopped; 2 teaspoon vanilla extract; 1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 2 cups unbleached all-purpose flour; 1 teaspoon baking soda; 1/2 teaspoon fine salt; Generous pinch freshly grated nutmeg; Generous pinch ground mace; 3/4 cup unsalted butter, plus more for the pan, room temperature; 1 cup sugar; 2 large eggs, room temperature; 1 cup sour cream; 1 1/2 teaspoons vanilla extract | INSTRUCTIONS: Make the streusel by mixing the sugar, brown sugar, walnuts, vanilla, and cinnamon together in a small bowl. Set it aside. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Generously brush a round 9 by 2-inch deep cake pan with butter. In a medium bowl whisk the flour, baking soda, salt, nutmeg and mace together and set it aside. In a standing mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, or with an electric hand-held mixer, cream the butter and sugar on medium speed until light and fluffy. Add the eggs, one at a time, mixing until incorporated. Mix the vanilla with the sour cream. Add the flour mixture in 3 par <END>
INPUT: soup, butter, onion, Piquillo peppers, salt, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Potato Piquillo Soup | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons butter; 1 small onion, chopped; 1 can Piquillo peppers; 1 teaspoon salt; 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 1 or 2 garlic cloves, minced; 3 cups chicken stock; 4 small Yukon Gold potatoes or 68 small red new potatoes, unpeeled, chopped; 1/2 cup Crema, creme fraiche or sour cream; 1/2 cup grated Manchego cheese; 1/2 cup whipping cream; 2 cups heavy cream; 1/4 cup buttermilk | INSTRUCTIONS: In a heavy Dutch oven or stockpot, melt butter over moderate heat and saute the onions, half of the piquillo peppers, and salt and pepper until the onions turn a light golden color, 5 to 7 minutes. Stir in the garlic and cook briefly just to release the aroma, 1 to 2 minutes. Pour in the chicken stock, add the potatoes and bring to a boil. Reduce to a simmer and cook 20 minutes. Puree in a food processor or blender just until smooth, being careful not to overprocess. Overworking will result in a gummy soup. Return to the pot, stir in the crema or creme fraiche or sour cream and bring just to a <END>
INPUT: mascarpone, sugar, Grand Marnier, orange zest, vanilla extract
OUTPUT: TITLE: Orange Mascarpone + Pistachios | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup room-temperature mascarpone; 1 tablespoon sugar; 1 teaspoon Grand Marnier; 1/2 teaspoon finely grated orange zest; 1/4 teaspoon vanilla extract; Chopped salted, roasted pistachios | INSTRUCTIONS: Mix 1/2 cup room-temperature mascarpone, 1 tablespoon sugar, 1 teaspoon Grand Marnier, 1/2 teaspoon finely grated orange zest, and 1/4 teaspoon vanilla extract in a small bowl. Serve with chopped salted, roasted pistachios. Mix 1/2 cup room-temperature mascarpone, 1 tablespoon sugar, 1 teaspoon Grand Marnier, 1/2 teaspoon finely grated orange zest, and 1/4 teaspoon vanilla extract in a small bowl. Serve with chopped salted, roasted pistachios. <END>
INPUT: hushpuppies, eggs, onion, lemon juice, pepper, parsley
OUTPUT: TITLE: Blackened Salmon Hushpuppies | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 eggs; 2 cups onion, grated; 1 1/3 tablespoons lemon juice; 1 1/2 teaspoons black pepper; 4 tablespoons parsley chopped; 1/2 cup milk; 1 1/2 teaspoons salt; 1 1/2 cups jalapenos, chopped; 8 cups rice, cooked; 3 pieces blackened salmon; Flour, for coating; 6 eggs beaten; Bread crumbs; Oil, for deep frying | INSTRUCTIONS: Beat 4 eggs, add all ingredients except salmon. Flake salmon with fork and mix into rice mixture. Let stand for at least 30 minutes. Using an ice cream scoop, form into balls and dip in flour, dip in egg, dip into bread crumbs and let stand for 30 minutes before cooking. Heat oil to 350 degrees. Fry the hushpuppies until golden brown. <END>
INPUT: rollatini, ditalini pasta, olive oil, Salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken Rollatini with Ditalini | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Cooking spray; 2 pounds ditalini pasta; 2 tablespoons olive oil, divided; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 4 boneless, skinless chicken breast halves, pounded to 1/4-inch thickness; 8 ounces thinly sliced ham; 1 cup baby spinach leaves, chopped; 4 ounces goat cheese; 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard; 1 cup seasoned bread crumbs | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. Coat a large baking sheet with cooking spray. Cook ditalini according to package directions. Drain and toss with 1 tablespoon of the olive oil. Season with salt and black pepper. Arrange chicken breasts on a flat surface. Top each piece of chicken with ham. Mix together spinach and goat cheese and spread over ham. Starting from the shorter end, roll up chicken and secure with wooden picks. Brush mustard all over chicken rolls and then roll in bread crumbs. Heat remaining oil in a large oven-proof skillet over medium-high heat. Add chicken rolls and cook until gol <END>
INPUT: American, family, all purpose flour, salt, ice water
OUTPUT: TITLE: Family-Style Chicken "Pot" Pie | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 4 1/2 cups all-purpose flour, plus more for dusting; 1 tablespoon salt; 2 cups (4 sticks) unsalted butter, cold and cut into small chunks; 3/4 cup ice water, plus more if needed; 1 (4 to 5 pound) free range whole chicken; 3 carrots, cut in 2-inch pieces; 3 celery stalks, cut in 2-inch pieces; 1 onion, halved; 1 head garlic, halved horizontally; 2 turnips, halved; Bouquet garni: 4 fresh thyme sprigs, 2 fresh rosemary sprigs, 1 bay leaf - all tied together with; 1/2 cup (1 stick) unsalted butter; 1/2 cup all-purpose flour; Sea salt and freshly ground black pepper; 4 carrots, cut in 1/2-inch circles | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Special equipment: kitchen string To make the pastry: Combine the flour and salt in a very large mixing bowl. Add the butter and mix with a pastry blender or your hands until the mixture resembles coarse crumbs. Pour in the ice water and work it in to bind the dough until it holds together without being too wet or sticky. Squeeze a small amount together, if it is crumbly, add more ice water, 1 tablespoon at a time. Wrap the large ball of dough in plastic wrap and refrigerate while preparing the rest of the recipe (feel free to make the dough the night before if y <END>
INPUT: American, grain, greek, bulgur wheat, English cucumber, plum tomatoes, loosely mint leaves, virgin olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Whole-Grain Greek Meatloaf | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup bulgur wheat; 1 English cucumber, quartered lengthwise and cut into 1/4-inch chunks; 2 medium plum tomatoes, chopped; 1 cup loosely packed fresh mint leaves, chopped; 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 2 teaspoons freshly squeezed lemon juice; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; Cooking spray; 2 medium yellow onions, ends removed, peeled and quartered; 1 tablespoon ground cumin; 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1/2 teaspoon ground allspice; 1 pound 85-percent lean ground beef; 1 large egg; 1/4 cup whole-wheat breadcrumbs | INSTRUCTIONS: Put the bulgur in a small bowl, cover with hot water and soak until softened, about 1 hour. Strain and set aside. Toss the cucumbers, tomatoes, half the mint, 1 tablespoon of the oil, lemon juice, 1/2 teaspoon salt and 1/4 teaspoon pepper in a medium bowl; cover and refrigerate until ready to serve. Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Spray an 8-inch square baking pan lightly with cooking spray and set aside. Pulse the onions into a paste in a food processor, scraping down the bowl as needed. Heat the remaining 2 tablespoons oil in a large nonstick skillet over medium heat. Add the onion paste  <END>
INPUT: American, waffles, buffalo, Butter, all purpose flour, sugar, baking powder, baking soda
OUTPUT: TITLE: Buttermilk-and-Blue Waffles with Buffalo Whiskey Crispy Chicken | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: Butter or nonstick cooking spray, for greasing the waffle iron; 2 cups all-purpose flour; 2 tablespoons sugar; 2 teaspoons baking powder; 1 teaspoon baking soda; 1 teaspoon salt; 2 cups buttermilk; 2 large eggs; 8 ounces (about 1 1/2 cups) smoked blue cheese crumbles or blue cheese of your choice, crumbled; 3 cups all-purpose flour; 1 tablespoon smoked paprika; 1 tablespoon kosher salt; 2 teaspoons ground cumin; 2 teaspoons ground mustard; 2 teaspoons granulated onion | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: a deep-frying thermometer; a waffle iron For the waffles: Preheat a waffle iron and keep a little melted butter or cooking spray on hand to grease it. Whisk together the flour, sugar, baking powder, baking soda and salt in a large bowl. Whisk together the buttermilk and eggs in a medium bowl, then whisk the wet ingredients into the dry. Stir in the blue cheese crumbles. Set the batter aside. For the seasoning flour: Mix together the flour, paprika, salt, cumin, mustard, granulated onion, black pepper, cayenne and baking soda, and divide between 2 plates or shallow bowls. For <END>
INPUT: shortbread, bars, apricot preserves, orange liqueur, sugar, almond extract
OUTPUT: TITLE: Apricot-Orange Shortbread Bars | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup apricot preserves; 3 tablespoons orange liqueur (such as Grand Marnier); 1 cup (2 sticks) unsalted butter, room temperature; 3/4 cup sugar; 1 teaspoon almond extract; 2 cups all purpose flour; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 1/4 cup (packed) almond paste (from 7-ounce roll), crumbled; 1/2 cup sliced almonds, divided | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 325°F. Butter 9x9x2-inch metal baking pan; line bottom and sides of pan with parchment paper, extending over sides. Butter parchment. Mix preserves and orange liqueur in small bowl; set aside. Using electric mixer, beat 1 cup butter and sugar in large bowl until well blended. Beat in almond extract. Add flour and salt; beat just until blended. Transfer 1 cup of dough to another small bowl; add crumbled almond paste and mix with fingertips until small clumps form. Mix in 1/4 cup sliced almonds; set aside for topping. Press remaining dough evenly onto bottom of prepared pan. Spre <END>
INPUT: cake, vegetable oil, all purpose flour, sugar, natural unsweetened cocoa, kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate-Peanut Butter Fun Cake | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Nonstick vegetable oil spray; 1 1/4 cups all-purpose flour; 1 cup sugar; 3/4 cup natural unsweetened cocoa powder; 1 1/2 teaspoons kosher salt; 1 teaspoon baking soda; 1/4 cup vegetable oil; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; 1/2 cup finely chopped semisweet or bittersweet chocolate (3 1/2 ounces); 1/2 cup sugar; 1/4 cup egg whites (from about 2 large eggs); 1 1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract; 1/4 cup creamy peanut butter; 6 tablespoons (3/4 stick) chilled unsalted butter, cut into 1/4" cubes; Kosher salt | INSTRUCTIONS: For chocolate cake: Preheat oven to 350°F. Coat bottom and sides of pan with nonstick spray; line bottom of pan with parchment paper. Whisk flour and next 4 ingredients in a large bowl. Add oil, vanilla, and 1 1/4 cups water; whisk until smooth. Fold in chopped chocolate. Scrape into prepared pan; smooth top. Bake until a tester comes out clean when inserted into center, 35-40 minutes. Let cool completely in pan on a wire rack. Preheat oven to 350°F. Coat bottom and sides of pan with nonstick spray; line bottom of pan with parchment paper. Whisk flour and next 4 ingredients in a large bowl. Ad <END>
INPUT: pirozhki, all purpose flour, salt, sugar, sour cream
OUTPUT: TITLE: Liver and Mushroom Pirozhki | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cups all-purpose flour plus additional for rolling out dough; 1 stick (1/2 cup) cold unsalted butter, cut into 1/2-inch cubes; 1 teaspoon salt; Pinch of sugar; 7 tablespoons sour cream; 1 large egg beaten with 1 tablespoon water for egg wash; 1/2 small onion, finely chopped; 1/2 lb cremini mushrooms, finely chopped (1 1/4 cups); 3 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1/4 lb chicken livers, rinsed, trimmed, and finely chopped; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 3/4 teaspoon black pepper; Special equipment: a (2 1/2-inch) round cookie or biscuit cutter | INSTRUCTIONS: Make dough: Blend together flour, butter, salt, and sugar in a bowl with your fingertips or a pastry blender (or pulse in a food processor) just until mixture resembles coarse meal with some roughly pea-size butter lumps. Stir in sour cream with a fork just until a dough forms. Turn out dough on a lightly floured work surface and roll out with a lightly floured rolling pin into a 6- by 4-inch rectangle. Fold into thirds like a letter, then roll out and fold in same manner 2 more times. Chill dough, wrapped in plastic wrap, until firm, at least 1 hour. Blend together flour, butter, salt, and su <END>
INPUT: Italian, vinaigrette, quesadillas, peaches, onion, basil, lemon juice, rice wine vinegar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Hot Smoked Salmon with Grilled Peach and Basil Vinaigrette and Grilled Peach Quesadillas | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 4 large ripe peaches, halved and seeded; 1/2 red onion, sliced; 3 tablespoons minced basil; 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 6 ounces rice wine vinegar; 1 tablespoon honey; 9 (6-inch) tortillas; 4 large ripe peaches; peeled, seeded and sliced 1/2-inch thick; 1 red onion, sliced very thin; 2 jalapeno peppers, seeded and sliced thin; 1/4 cup basil chiffonade; 1/4 cup cilantro; 2 1/2 cups grated havarti cheese; Chile powder; 4 (10 ounce) salmon fillets, 2 inches thick | INSTRUCTIONS: Grilled Peach Vinaigrette: Place peach halves over medium hot grill for 10 minutes, turning once. Remove from the grill and place in blender. Grill onion slices for 6 minutes, turning once. Remove from grill and place in blender. Add basil, lemon juice, vinegar and honey to blender and blend until smooth. Grilled Peach Quesadillas: Lightly oil (brush or spray) both sides of tortillas. Place tortillas on grill over medium low heat and crisp one side for about 2 to 3 minutes. Remove from heat. Place 6 tortillas crisp side up. Divide the cheese, peaches, onions, jalapenos, basil and cilantro equa <END>
INPUT: cookies, all purpose flour, fine salt, baking soda, unsalted butter, super fine sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Crispy Chocolate Chip Cookies | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/3 cup all-purpose flour; 1/2 teaspoon fine salt; 1/4 teaspoon baking soda; 1/2 cup unsalted butter, room temperature; 3/4 cup super-fine sugar; 1 large egg, at room temperature; 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract; 1 1/2 cups semi-sweet chocolate chips | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Line 2 baking sheets with parchment paper. Whisk the flour, salt, and baking soda in a medium bowl. In a large bowl, beat the butter and sugar with a hand held mixer until light and fluffy, about 4 to 5 minutes. Beat in the egg and then the vanilla. Gradually add the dry ingredients to the butter mixture, to make a soft dough. Stir in the chocolate chips. Spoon a heaping tablespoon of dough onto the prepared baking sheets, spacing them about 3-inches apart, (a standard pan can accommodate about 6 cookies). Bake the cookies until brown around the edges, about  <END>
INPUT: dressing, olive oil, pancetta, buttermilk, sour cream, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Iceberg Wedges with Pancetta Gorgonzola Dressing | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 teaspoons olive oil; 4 ounces pancetta, cut into 1/4-inch pieces; 2/3 cup buttermilk; 1/2 cup sour cream; 1 large garlic cloves or 2 small, minced; 6 ounces crumbled Gorgonzola; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 head iceberg lettuce, cut into 6 wedges | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Heat the oil in a heavy medium skillet over medium heat. Add the pancetta and saute until crisp and golden, about 5 minutes. Using a slotted spoon, transfer the pancetta to a paper towel-lined plate to drain the excess oil. Stir the buttermilk, sour cream, and garlic in a medium bowl to blend; mix 2/3 of the cheese. Season the dressing with salt and pepper, to taste. (The dressing can be made up to 2 days ahead. Cover and refrigerate. Stir to blend before using, adding more milk to thin the sauce, if necessary.) Arrange each of 6 lettuce wedges on 6 plates. Spoon <END>
INPUT: batidos, papaya, mango, milk, ice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Papaya and Mango Batidos | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup diced papaya (about 1 small papaya), plus some sliced, for garnish; 1 cup diced mango (about 1 mango), plus some sliced, for garnish; 1 1/2 cups milk; 1 cup crushed ice | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine the papaya, mango, milk, and ice in a blender process just until smooth. Pour into glasses and garnish with mango and papaya slices. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, torte, topped, sugar cookies, salt, unsalted butter, vanilla extract
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lime Ice Cream Torte Topped with Berry Sorbets | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 5.25-ounce package sugar cookies; 1/3 cup (packed) dark brown sugar; 1/8 teaspoon salt; 7 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, hot; 1 1/2 teaspoons vanilla extract; 1 1/4 cups hazelnuts, toasted , hot; 2/3 cup fresh lime juice; 2/3 cup sugar; 3 tablespoons finely grated lime peel; 1/4 teaspoon finely crushed cardamom seeds; 2 quarts premium vanilla ice cream, slightly softened; 3 pints assorted berry sorbets (such as strawberry, raspberry, and blackberry); 1/3 cup water; 1/4 cup sugar; 1 12-ounce package frozen blackberries | INSTRUCTIONS: For crust: Preheat oven to 375°F. Finely grind cookies, brown sugar, and salt in processor. Add hot butter and vanilla; blend until moist crumbs form. Add hot nuts; blend just until finely chopped. Press crust onto bottom and up sides of 9-inch-diameter springform pan with 2 3/4-inch-high sides to within 1/4 inch of top edge. Freeze crust 15 minutes. Bake until golden, about 15 minutes. Freeze 30 minutes. Preheat oven to 375°F. Finely grind cookies, brown sugar, and salt in processor. Add hot butter and vanilla; blend until moist crumbs form. Add hot nuts; blend just until finely chopped. Pres <END>
INPUT: Italian, artichokes, pasta, fettuccine, olive oil, garlic, oregano leaves, chicken broth stock
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lemon Braised Artichokes over Pasta | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound fettuccine; 1/4 cup olive oil; 4 cloves garlic, sliced; 2 teaspoons fresh oregano leaves; 1/2 cup chicken broth or stock; 4 cups spinach, stemmed and washed; Lemon Braised Artichoke Hearts, recipe follows; 1/4 cup chopped Italian parsley leaves; 1 tablespoon butter; Kosher salt; Freshly ground black pepper; Grated Parmesan, for serving; 1/2 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 1/2 cup freshly squeezed lemon juice; 1 1/2 teaspoons finely chopped fresh thyme leaves, or Herbes de Napa, recipe follows | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook fettuccine according to package directions. While pasta is cooking, heat olive oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Add garlic. When garlic is golden, add the oregano and broth. Bring to a simmer, stir in the spinach to wilt. Add the artichokes. Drain the pasta and place in a serving bowl. Pour over the artichoke mixture and toss with the parsley and butter and season with salt and pepper. Sprinkle with Parmesan and serve. Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Combine the olive oil, lemon juice, thyme, garlic, salt, and pepper in a medium nonreactive saucepan. Mix well and set aside whil <END>
INPUT: Mexican, crust, mahimahi fillet, lime juice, panko, macadamia nuts, cilantro
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mahimahi with Macadamia Nut Crust | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 10-ounce mahimahi fillet (1 inch thick), skinned, halved crosswise; 1/2 cup fresh lime juice; 1/3 cup panko*; 1/4 cup chopped macadamia nuts; 1 teaspoon minced fresh cilantro; 1/8 teaspoon salt; 4 tablespoons (1/2 stick) unsalted butter, melted; *Japanese-style breadcrumbs, found in the oriental section of most supermarkets | INSTRUCTIONS: Place mahimahi in shallow dish. Pour lime juice over. Marinate 1 hour, turning fish over occasionally. Preheat oven to 350°F. Combine panko and next 3 ingredients in small bowl. Mix in 2 tablespoons butter. Season generously with pepper. Pour remaining 2 tablespoons butter into shallow baking dish. Remove mahimahi from marinade and place in baking dish, turning to coat with butter. Spoon panko mixture atop fish, dividing evenly. Press topping gently to adhere. Bake until fish is cooked through, about 20 minutes. Transfer to plates and serve. Place mahimahi in shallow dish. Pour lime juice over <END>
INPUT: soup, leeks, baking potatoes, water, salt, heavy cream
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cream of Leek and Potato Soup | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 cups sliced leeks, white and tender green parts; 3 cups peeled and roughly chopped baking potatoes, like russets; 6 cups water; 11/2 teaspoons salt; 1/2 cup heavy cream; 1/2 cup creme fraiche or sour cream; 1/3 cup minced chives or parsley | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large heavy saucepan, bring the leeks, potatoes, water, and salt to the boil over high heat. Cover partially, reduce heat, and simmer for 20 to 30 minutes until the vegetables are tender. Correct the seasoning, to taste, and puree with a handheld immersion blender, or in batches in a food processor. Whisk in the cream and reheat before serving. Top each serving with a dollop of creme fraiche and sprinkling of fresh chives. <END>
INPUT: cakes, baking potatoes, milk, bread crumbs, eggs, Kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Potato Cakes and Eggs | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound baking potatoes, diced (2 potatoes, skin on); 2 tablespoons milk; 1 cup fresh bread crumbs; 5 large eggs; Kosher salt; Freshly ground black pepper; 3 to 4 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 8 ounces spinach (6 packed cups); 1 large onion, thinly sliced (2 1/4 cups); 2 cloves garlic, minced; 4 sprigs fresh thyme; 2 large tomatoes diced; 1/3 cup chopped olives, about 20, (picholines or kalamatas or a mix); 2 tablespoons unsalted butter | INSTRUCTIONS: Put potatoes in salted water and boil until tender, 12 to 15 minutes. Drain and smash with the milk. Mix in the bread crumbs and 1 of the eggs and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Pack into 4 (3-inch) patties. Preheat oven to 300 degrees F. In a nonstick pan, heat 2 tablespoons of the olive oil over high heat until the oil shimmers. Sear the potato cakes until crispy and browned, 3 to 5 minutes per side. Transfer to a sheet pan to keep warm in a low oven. Add the spinach to the pan, and cook, season with salt and pepper, and toss until just wilted, 1 to 2 minutes. Transfer to a bowl. In  <END>
INPUT: salad, celery root, walnuts, good olives, sherry wine vinegar, virgin olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Rouget on Celery Root Salad with Walnuts and Olives | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 celery root, about 1 pound; 2 ounces walnuts; 2 ounces good black olives pitted; 1 tablespoon sherry wine vinegar; 3 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil; 2 tablespoons kosher salt; Freshly ground pepper; 4 rouget about 12 oz each, scaled and filleted, score the skin; Flour for dredging the fish; 3 tablespoons clarified butter to cook the rouget; Salt and pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Pre-heat the oven to 350 degrees. Cut the celery root into very fine slices then the slices into fine julienne strips. Toast the walnuts in the preheated oven for 6 minutes or until they start to turn light brown remove the walnuts from the oven and rub in a towel to remove any loose skin. Cut the black olives into slivers. Mix the celery root, walnuts, black olives, sherry vinegar, olive oil, 2 tablespoons salt, freshly ground pepper together. Let sit for 30 minutes for the flavors to marry. Season the rouget fillets with salt and pepper then dredge in the flour. Heat 3 tablespoons clarified  <END>
INPUT: Mexican, tartare, salmon fillet, lime juice, chives, cilantro
OUTPUT: TITLE: Salmon Tartare | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 8-ounce boneless salmon fillet, skinless; 1/4 cup finely diced, seeded cucumber; 1 tablespoon fresh lime juice; 1 1/2 teaspoons minced fresh chives; 1 1/2 teaspoons minced fresh cilantro; 1 1/2 teaspoons grapeseed or vegetable oil; 1 1/ teaspoons minced, seeded jalapeño; 1 1/2 teaspoons minced shallot; 3/4 teaspoon minced peeled fresh ginger; 1/4 teaspoon (scant) lime zest; 1/2 teaspoon Asian sesame oil; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; Thick-cut potato or tortilla chips | INSTRUCTIONS: Place salmon on a plate; freeze until well chilled, about 20 minutes. Thinly slice salmon lengthwise into 1/8"-wide sheets. Cut each sheet into 1/8"-long strips. Cut strips crosswise into 1/8" cubes. Place salmon in a medium bowl. Add cucumber and the next 9 ingredients and toss to combine. Season tartare to taste with salt and pepper. Transfer tartare to a bowl and serve with chips. Place salmon on a plate; freeze until well chilled, about 20 minutes. Thinly slice salmon lengthwise into 1/8"-wide sheets. Cut each sheet into 1/8"-long strips. Cut strips crosswise into 1/8" cubes. Place salmon  <END>
INPUT: vegetable oil, Italian sausage links, onion, garlic, plum tomatoes including
OUTPUT: TITLE: Braised Sausage with Olives and Potatoes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon vegetable oil; 2 pounds fresh Italian sausage links; 1 onion, chopped fine; 2 garlic cloves, crushed; a 28-ounce can plum tomatoes including the juice; 1 1/2 pounds boiling potatoes; 1/2 cup Kalamata or other brine-cured black olives | INSTRUCTIONS: In a heavy kettle heat the oil over moderately high heat until it is hot but not smoking, in it brown the sausage in batches, transferring it as it is browned to paper towels to drain, and pour off all but 1 tablespoon of the fat. In the fat remaining in the kettle cook the onion and the garlic over moderate heat, stirring, until the onion is golden, stir in the tomatoes with the juice, breaking up the tomatoes, and the sausage, and simmer the mixture, covered, for 30 minutes. Stir in the potatoes, peeled and cut into 3/4-inch pieces, and the olives, simmer the mixture, covered partially, for  <END>
INPUT: polenta, ginger, shallots, fine dice preserved, chicken stock
OUTPUT: TITLE: Preserved Lemon Polenta | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 cups polenta; 2 tablespoons minced ginger; 1/4 cup minced shallots; 1/2 cup fine dice preserved lemons; 3 cups chicken stock; Salt and black pepper to taste; 4 tablespoons butter | INSTRUCTIONS: In a saucepan, saute shallots and ginger in 1 tablespoon of butter. Add polenta, lemons, stock, salt, pepper and butter. Check for seasoning. Stir well and cover tightly. Bake in 400-degree oven for 1 hour. A crust will form. Break through crust for polenta. <END>
INPUT: American, christina, vanilla ice cream, crispy peanut butter, chocolate butter toffee, graham cracker piecrust, chocolate chip cookies
OUTPUT: TITLE: Christina's Ice Cream Pie | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 pints vanilla ice cream; 1 crispy peanut butter filled candy bar (such as Butterfinger); 1 chocolate butter toffee crunch bar (such as Heath bar); 1 prepared graham cracker piecrust; 3 chocolate chip cookies, crumbled; 1/4 cup mini M&Ms | INSTRUCTIONS: Place ice cream in a large bowl and let stand at room temperature until very soft. Break the Butterfinger and Heath Bar into pieces and mix into ice cream. Spoon the ice cream into the piecrust. Sprinkle cookies over the ice cream and top with M&Ms. Freeze the pie until ice cream is very firm, at least 2 hours. Cut into wedges and serve. <END>
INPUT: brewed, water, loose tea, Ice, Lemon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Hot-Brewed Ice Tea | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 quart water; 1/3 cup loose tea; 1 quart cold water; Ice; Lemon slices | INSTRUCTIONS: In a pot bring 1 quart water to a boil. Remove from heat and immediately add loose tea. Stir, cover and let steep 5 minutes. Stir again and strain tea into a pitcher filled with 1 quart cold water. Chill and serve in ice-filled glasses, garnished with lemon; <END>
INPUT: American, salad, loaf ciabatta bread, olive oil, Kosher salt, horseradish, wine vinegar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Garrotxa Bread Salad | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 loaf ciabatta bread, cut into 1" pieces; 4 tablespoons olive oil, divided; Kosher salt, freshly ground pepper; 2 tablespoons drained prepared horseradish; 2 tablespoons white wine vinegar; 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard; 1 teaspoon honey; 2 tablespoons vegetable oil; 2 ounces membrillo (quince paste), cut into 1/4" pieces; 4 ounces Garrotxa cheese, finely grated on a Microplane; Baby arugula (for serving); Membrillo is available at specialty foods stores and some supermarkets, and online | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 375°F. Toss bread pieces with 2 tablespoons olive oil on a rimmed baking sheet to nicely coat; season with salt and pepper. Spread out in a single layer and bake, tossing halfway through, until bread is golden and crisp on the outside but still chewy inside, 8–10 minutes. Meanwhile, whisk horseradish, vinegar, mustard, and honey in a small bowl to combine. Whisking constantly, drizzle in vegetable oil, then remaining 2 tablespoons olive oil. Toss toasted bread, membrillo, and Garrotxa cheese in a large bowl to combine. Add arugula, drizzle horseradish vinaigrette over, and toss <END>
INPUT: Asian, syrup, lemongrass, water, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fresh Lemongrass Syrup | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 2 stalks fresh lemongrass, coarsely chopped; 2 cups water; 1 cup sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: Place the lemongrass, water, and sugar in a saucepan and bring to a boil. Reduce heat, and simmer, partially covered, for 15 minutes. Strain the mixture and cool. Cover and refrigerate for up to a week. Copyright (c) 2004 Television Food Network, G.P., All Rights Reserved. <END>
INPUT: Indian, magret duck breast, garam masala, five spice powder, salt, seedless grapes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Magret Duck Breast | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 1 whole magret duck breast, trimmed of 90 percent of the fat; 1 tablespoon garam masala; 2 teaspoons five-spice powder; 2 tablespoons salt; 1 bunch red seedless grapes, removed from stems; 2 cups zinfandel red wine; 2 cups demi-glace; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 pound all-purpose flour; 11/2 teaspoons salt; 1 teaspoon white pepper; 1 teaspoon ground nutmeg; 7 eggs; 2 egg yolks; 1/3 cup milk | INSTRUCTIONS: For the duck: Score the top of the duck breast in a criss-cross pattern. Mix the garam masala, five spice powder, and salt in a bowl and liberally season the duck on both sides. Heat a saute pan on high heat. Char the grapes until they almost split open, about 2 to 3 minutes. Add the Zinfandel and reduce the juices into a syrup on medium heat, about 15 minutes. Add the demi-glace. Season with salt and pepper and set aside. In a large saute pan over medium high heat, cook the duck, fat side down, with no oil, until golden brown, about 5 minutes. Turn the breast over and brown again, about 5 min <END>
INPUT: Italian, wheat penne pasta, Kosher salt, virgin olive oil, anchovy paste flat, onions
OUTPUT: TITLE: Caramelized Onion Penne | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 pound whole-wheat penne pasta; Kosher salt; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1 teaspoon anchovy paste or 4 flat fillets; 2 large onions, thinly sliced; 1 bay leaf; Freshly ground black pepper; 1/2 cup cream; 1/2 cup grated Parmigiano-Reggiano, a couple of handfuls; 1/4 cup finely chopped fresh flat-leaf parsley | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring a large pot of water to a boil over high heat. Salt the water and add the pasta. Cook to al dente and drain. Heat the extra-virgin olive oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Stir in the anchovy paste and let it melt into the oil. Add the onions and bay leaf and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Cook the onions until very soft and light caramel in color, about 20 minutes. Stir in the cream, and cook until heated through. Remove the bay leaf, then add the pasta and cheese and toss to coat. Transfer to a serving bowl, sprinkle with parsley and serve. <END>
INPUT: Indian, poussin, sixteen, cinnamon, ancho chile powder, pasilla chile powder, cumin, coriander
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Poussin with Sixteen Spices with Caramelized Mango-Garlic Sauce with Fried Plantains | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons cinnamon; 3 tablespoons ancho chile powder; 3 tablespoons pasilla chile powder; 3 tablespoons ground cumin; 3 tablespoons ground coriander; 3 tablespoons ground ginger; 1 tablespoon ground cloves; 1 tablespoon ground fennel seed; 2 tablespoons garlic powder; 2 tablespoons onion powder; 1 tablespoon all spice; 1 teaspoon chile de arbol; 3 tablespoon brown sugar; 2 tablespoons kosher salt; 2 tablespoons coarsely ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. Combine the spices in a medium bowl. Brush each poussin with oil and rub the spice mixture over the entire bird. In a hot large saute pan sear all sides of poussin, until golden. Place the birds on a rack over a baking sheet and roast the birds for 25 to 30 minutes, until just cooked through. Let rest 10 minutes before serving. Place stock in a medium saucepan over high heat and reduce to 4 cups. Heat oil in a medium saucepan over medium heat, add the onions and cook until soft. Add the roasted garlic and cook for 1 minute. Add the mango, and cook for 2 minutes.  <END>
INPUT: mojito, sugar, mint leaves, lime wedges, jalapeno, ice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Jalapeno-Mango Mojito | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup sugar; 8 to 10 fresh mint leaves, plus more for garnish; 3 lime wedges; 2 slices jalapeno, with seeds, plus more for garnish; 2 cups ice; 1 1/2 ounces dark rum; 1 ounce mango nectar (about 2 tablespoons); About 2 ounces sparkling water | INSTRUCTIONS: For the simple syrup: Combine the sugar and 1 cup water in a small sauce pot over medium heat. Bring to a simmer and cook, whisking occasionally, until the sugar dissolves, about 5 minutes. Remove from the heat and cool to room temperature. Refrigerate in an airtight container for up to 2 weeks. For the mojito: Combine the mint, lime wedges, jalapeno and 3/4 ounce of the simple syrup (1 1/2 tablespoons) in a cocktail shaker and muddle. Fill the shaker with the ice, pour in the rum and mango nectar and shake briefly. Pour directly into a highball glass. Top off with the sparkling water and stir <END>
INPUT: Italian, wilted, penne, virgin olive oil, lemon zest, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Penne with Wilted Arugula, Radicchio, and Smoked Mozzarella | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 lb dried penne; 5 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1 teaspoon finely grated fresh lemon zest; 2 garlic cloves, minced; 1 (6-oz) head radicchio; 9 oz arugula, trimmed (6 cups); 1 cup fresh basil; 4 oz smoked mozzarella, cut into 1/2-inch dice; 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook pasta in a 6-quart pot of well-salted boiling water until al dente. While pasta is boiling, whisk together oil, zest, garlic, and salt and pepper to taste in a large bowl. Then thinly slice radicchio, arugula, and basil and add to dressing. Reserve 1/2 cup cooking water and drain pasta in a colander. Add hot pasta and reserved cooking water to greens and let stand 1 minute to wilt. Add mozzarella and lemon juice and toss well. Season with salt and pepper and serve warm. Cook pasta in a 6-quart pot of well-salted boiling water until al dente. While pasta is boiling, whisk together oil, zes <END>
INPUT: Asian, chinese, pork, scallion greens, ginger, soy sauce
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fried Stuffed Chinese Eggplant | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1 (9-inch) eggplant (about 3 inches wide; 1 1/4 lb); 1/4 lb ground pork (not lean); 2 tablespoons finely chopped scallion greens; 1 teaspoon minced peeled fresh ginger; 1 1/2 tablespoons soy sauce; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 3 to 4 cups peanut or vegetable oil for frying; 1 cup all-purpose flour; 1 large egg, lightly beaten; 3/4 cup water; Special equipment: a deep-fat thermometer | INSTRUCTIONS: Cut off 1 1/2 inches from bottom of eggplant and discard. Move knife 1/4 inch from cut side and cut almost but not all the way through eggplant (this is the pocket). Move knife 1/4 inch from pocket cut and cut slice free from eggplant. Make 7 more slices with pockets in same manner. Stir together pork, scallion, ginger, soy sauce, and salt in a bowl with a fork. Spread 1 tablespoon filling in each eggplant pocket. Heat 1/2 inch oil in a 10-inch heavy skillet over moderate heat until it registers 360°F on thermometer (see cooks' note, below). Meanwhile, whisk together flour, egg, and water in a <END>
INPUT: chunky, sauce, chicken, lemons, virgin olive oil, Italian parsley, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken with Chunky Lemon Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 whole chicken, cut-up into 8 pieces; 6 lemons; 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 2 tablespoons fresh minced Italian parsley; 1 teaspoon salt; 1/4 teaspoon pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat broiler. Season the chicken and place chicken pieces, skin side down, onto a broiler pan. Broil the chicken, turning the pieces over once, cooking until the chicken is browned and cooked through, about 20 minutes. Slice off 1 end of each of 3 lemons. With a sharp knife, supreme lemons: in a downward motion, peel away rind and pith. Separate segments of lemon wedges from skin and put in a bowl. Squeeze out juice from leftover skins. Juice the other 3 lemons into same bowl. Add oil, parsley, salt, and pepper. Once chicken is cooked, remove from the broiler and cover with sauce. Return to <END>
INPUT: bimini, onions, shallots, chicken breast, bananas
OUTPUT: TITLE: Bimini Chicken | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3/8 cup (6 tablespoons) vegetable oil; 3/8 diced cup red onions; 2 tablespoons chopped shallots; 1 1/2 pounds chicken breast, cut into strips; 3 bananas, cut lengthwise; 3/4 cup walnut halves; 3/4 cup bourbon whiskey; 3/4 cup canned cream of coconut | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large saute pan, heat vegetable oil to medium high heat. Saute onions and shallots for 1 minute. Add the chicken and saute until almost cooked, about 4 to 5 minutes. Add the bananas and walnuts. Remove from the heat and deglaze the pan with bourbon. Add the cream of coconut and simmer for 2 minutes. Serve immediately. <END>
INPUT: heavy cream, milk, sugar, eggs, almonds
OUTPUT: TITLE: Butter-Almond Ice Cream | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups heavy cream; 1 cup whole milk; 3/4 cup sugar; 2 large eggs; 1 cup sliced almonds; 3 tablespoons unsalted butter; Equipment: An ice cream maker | INSTRUCTIONS: Whisk together cream, milk, sugar, and eggs in a heavy medium saucepan, then cook over medium-low heat, stirring constantly with a wooden spoon, until custard is thick enough to coat back of a spoon and registers 175°F on an instant-read thermometer. Strain custard through a fine-mesh sieve into a bowl. Cool completely, stirring frequently, then chill, covered, until very cold, at least 8 hours. Meanwhile, cook almonds in butter with a scant 1/4 teaspoon salt in a heavy skillet over medium heat, stirring, until butter and almonds are pale golden, about 6 minutes. Remove from heat and cool. Fre <END>
INPUT: bruschetta, olive oil, shallots, garlic, wine vermouth, littleneck clams
OUTPUT: TITLE: Braised Clams in Parsley Broth, Peas and Bruschetta with Tomatoes and Fried Capers | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons olive oil, divided; 2 shallots, chopped; 2 cloves garlic, minced; 1/2 cup dry white wine or vermouth; 2 pounds littleneck clams, scrubbed; 1/2 cup reduced-sodium chicken or vegetable broth; 1/2 cup bottled clam juice; 1/3 cup chopped fresh parsley leaves; 1 tablespoon butter; 1/3 cup drained capers; 1 baguette, sliced crosswise into 1/4-inch thick slices and toasted until golden; 3 roasted Roma (plum) tomatoes, diced; 2 cups frozen green peas, steamed until just tender | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat 1 tablespoon of the oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Add shallots and garlic and cook 2 minutes. Add wine and cook 1 minute. Add clams, broth and clam juice and bring to a simmer. When clams have opened, remove them from pan, reserving liquid in pan, and transfer to a serving platter. Add parsley and butter to pan and simmer 1 minute. Place clams in serving bowls and pour over parsley broth. Heat remaining oil in a small skillet over medium-high heat. Add capers and cook 2 minutes. Place diced tomatoes on baguette slices and top with fried capers. Serve bruschetta and peas al <END>
INPUT: Mexican, munster, sandwiches, cumin corn bread, honey mustard, prosciutto, MÜnster, all purpose flour
OUTPUT: TITLE: Prosciutto, Munster, and Cumin Corn-Bread Sandwiches | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 recipe cumin corn bread, cooled to room temperature; 3 tablespoons honey mustard (available at specialty foods shops and some supermarkets); 1/2 pound thinly sliced prosciutto (available at specialty foods shops and supermarkets); 1/2 pound thinly sliced MÜnster; 3/4 cup all-purpose flour; 1 cup yellow cornmeal; 1 tablespoon sugar; 1 1/2 teaspoons double-acting baking powder; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1 cup milk; 1 large egg, beaten lightly; 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, melted and cooled; 2 teaspoons cuminseed | INSTRUCTIONS: Cut the corn bread in half and cut each half crosswise into 4 pieces (each about 4 by 2 inches). Halve each piece horizontally with a serrated knife and spread the bottom halves of the corn bread with some of the mustard. Layer the bottom halves with the prosciutto and the MÜnster, cover the sandwiches with the top halves of the corn bread, and wrap each sandwich in foil or plastic wrap. Cut the corn bread in half and cut each half crosswise into 4 pieces (each about 4 by 2 inches). Halve each piece horizontally with a serrated knife and spread the bottom halves of the corn bread with some of  <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, ferreira, olive oil, blanched almonds, salt, cayenne pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Ferreira's Olive Oil Sauteed Almonds | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cups olive oil; 1 pound blanched whole almonds; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/4 teaspoon cayenne pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat the oil in a 10-inch skillet over moderate heat for about 2 minutes or until an almond, dropped into the oil sizzles gently. Add half of the almonds to the oil and saute, stirring often, 4 to 5 minutes over moderately low heat until the color of light caramel. Using a slotted spoon or a spider, transfer the almonds into a colander set over a heatproof bowl; shake to drain off as much oil as possible, then drain on paper toweling. Reheat the oil in the skillet and fry and drain the remaining almonds the same way. Sprinkle with salt and cayenne and toss well; store in an airtight canister. <END>
INPUT: Asian, cooked, sugar, fish sauce, lemongrass, long chiles, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lemongrass Chile Chicken Cooked In Young Coconut Juice: Ga Xao Xa Ot | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 tablespoons sugar; 3 tablespoons fish sauce; 2 lemongrass stalks (white part only), finely diced; 2 long red chiles, finely diced; 4 cloves garlic, finely diced; 1 tablespoon chopped shallots; 1 pound chicken thigh fillets, cut into bite-size pieces; 3 tablespoons vegetable oil; 1/2 onion, cut into wedges; 1 cup young coconut juice; 2 spring onions, sliced in 3-inch pieces; 3 coriander (cilantro) sprigs for garnish; Steamed jasmine rice, for serving | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large mixing bowl combine the sugar and fish sauce, and mix until the sugar has dissolved. Add half of the lemongrass, half of the chile, half of the garlic and the chicken pieces. Coat the chicken, then let it marinate, covered, in the refrigerator for 1 hour or overnight for a better result. Heat a large saucepan or wok over medium heat, add the oil and remaining lemongrass and cook for 1 minute. Then add the garlic, shallots, chile, and fry until fragrant and slightly brown. Turn the heat to high, then add the chicken searing all sides until browned, about 2 minutes on each side. Add t <END>
INPUT: peanut vegetable oil, onion, ginger, shrimp, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Collard Greens with Tamarind | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons peanut or vegetable oil; 1 yellow onion, diced; 1 tablespoon minced ginger; 1 tablespoon small dried shrimp, roughly chopped; 2 cloves garlic, minced; 1 habanero or Scotch bonnet pepper, halved (seeds removed if you don't want it too spicy); 2 large tomatoes, diced; 1 pound collard greens, ribs removed and leaves sliced into 1/3-inch ribbons; 1 1/2 cups chicken broth; 2 teaspoons kosher salt; Freshly ground black pepper; 1 teaspoon tamarind concentrate; Serving suggestions: steamed rice | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. Heat the oil in a Dutch oven or large heavy pan over medium heat. Add the onions and cook until soft, about 5 minutes. Add the ginger, dried shrimp, garlic and habaneros and cook, stirring, about 2 minutes. Add the tomatoes and cook until they soften and start to break down, about 4 minutes. Add the collards, chicken broth, salt and black pepper. When the broth comes to a boil, cover the pan, lower the heat and simmer until the collards are completely tender, about 30 minutes. Stir in the tamarind and season with additional salt and pepper. 2. Serve with a generous portion of steamed rice. <END>
INPUT: American, meringue, sweet potatoes, half half, sugar, eggs, cinnamon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sweet Potato Meringue Pie | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 pounds sweet potatoes (about 4 medium); 1 2/3 cups half-and-half; 1/2 cup sugar; 2 large eggs; 1 1/4 teaspoons cinnamon; 1/4 teaspoon ground allspice; 1/4 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg; 1/2 teaspoon salt; pastry dough for a single-crust 9- to 10-inch pie; 3 large egg whites; 3/4 cup sugar; confectioners' sugar for dusting | INSTRUCTIONS: Make filling: Preheat oven to 400°F. and line a baking sheet with foil. Prick potatoes and bake on baking sheet in middle of oven 1 to 1 1/4 hours, or until very soft. Cool potatoes until they can be handled and scoop out enough flesh to measure 2 cups, reserving any remaining flesh for another use. In a blender or food processor purée potatoes with remaining filling ingredients until smooth. Filling may be made 1 day ahead and chilled, covered. Bring filling to room temperature before proceeding. On a lightly floured surface roll out dough into a 14-inch round (about 1/8 inch thick) and fit i <END>
INPUT: American, sauce, Greek yogurt, goat cheese, virgin olive oil, flat leaf parsley, scallions
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Pork Tenderloin and Plums with Creamy Goat Cheese Sauce | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup whole Greek yogurt; 4 ounces goat cheese, at room temperature (about 1/2 cup); 1/2 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 1/4 cup fresh flat-leaf parsley leaves, roughly chopped; 2 scallions, thinly sliced; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; One 1-pound pork tenderloin; 2 large ripe plums, halved and pitted (about 8 ounces); 5 ounces baby arugula; 1/2 lemon, juiced | INSTRUCTIONS: Whisk the yogurt, goat cheese and 1/3 cup water in a mixing bowl until smooth. Whisk in 3 tablespoons of the oil, the parsley and scallions. Season with salt and pepper. Heat an outdoor grill or large cast-iron grill pan over medium-high heat. Brush the pork tenderloin with 1 more tablespoon of the oil and sprinkle liberally with salt and pepper. Grill until charred on all sides and the internal temperature on an instant-read thermometer registers 135 degrees F, 12 to 16 minutes. Meanwhile, brush the cut side of the plums with 1 more tablespoon of oil and sprinkle liberally with salt and peppe <END>
INPUT: portuguese, soup, waxy potatoes, onions, garlic, bay leaves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Portuguese Chourico and Kale Soup | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons (2 turns around the pan) extra-virgin olive oil; 3 medium white waxy potatoes, like yukon golds, peeled and diced; 2 medium onions, chopped; 4 to 6 cloves garlic, chopped; 2 bay leaves, fresh or dried; 1 pound kale, coarsely chopped; Coarse salt and pepper; 1 (15-ounce) can garbanzos (chick peas), drained and rinsed; 1 can diced tomatoes; 1 pound diced chourico, casing removed; 1 quart chicken broth; Warm, crusty bread | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Heat oil in a deep pot over medium high heat. Add potatoes and onions, cover and cook 5 minutes, stirring occasionally. Add garlic, bay leaves, and kale to the pot. Cover pot and wilt greens 2 minutes. Season with salt and pepper. Add beans, tomatoes, chourico, and broth to the pot and bring soup to a full boil. Reduce heat back to medium and cook 5 to 10 minutes longer or until potatoes are tender. Serve soup with hunks of crusty bread and butter. Cook's Note: If you are in Mystic, ask for cherise (phonetic pronunciation), if you want to sample the chourico. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, spanish, sandwiches, peanut butter, coconut milk, lime juice, soy sauce, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spanish Peanut Butter Brioche Sandwiches | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 4 tablespoons peanut butter; 4 tablespoons coconut milk; 2 tablespoons lime juice; 6 teaspoons soy sauce; 4 teaspoons brown sugar; 1 teaspoon red pepper flakes; 1 jar creamy peanut butter; 2 teaspoon chili powder, add more if you want more spice; 1 teaspoon cumin; 1 teaspoon dried chili flakes; Pinch salt; 8 slices brioche bread; 1 package Dubliner cheddar cheese, cut into slices | INSTRUCTIONS: Prepare the satay sauce by whisking satay sauce ingredients in a bowl until well combined, set aside until needed. In a small bowl, add chili powder, cumin, dried chili flakes and salt to peanut butter.; On a nonstick sheet pan, lay out 4 slices of brioche, coat each slice with the spicy peanut butter, and add about 3 slices of cheese to each slice of bread. Put the other slice of bread on top, toast and cut into triangles. Drizzle with satay sauce and serve.; Mix well so all ingredients are incorporated well. <END>
INPUT: baby carrots, Sea salt, butter, bourbon whiskey, maple syrup
OUTPUT: TITLE: Glazed Baby Carrots with Bourbon and Maple Syrup | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound baby carrots, rinsed and tops removed; Sea salt; 1 tablespoon butter; 3 tablespoons bourbon whiskey; 1/4 cup maple syrup; Pinch freshly cracked black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring a medium pot of water to a boil over medium heat. Add the baby carrots along with some salt and cook until just tender, about 5 minutes. Drain and set aside. In a small saute pan, add the butter, whisky and maple syrup and bring to a boil over medium heat. Lower the heat to a strong simmer and let the mixture reduce until thick and syrupy, about 6 to 8 minutes. Add the carrots and saute them until well glazed and just starting to color, about 4 to 5 minutes. Transfer the carrots to a serving bowl and sprinkle with the salt and pepper, to taste. Serve immediately. <END>
INPUT: Italian, herb, garlic, virgin olive oil, milk ricotta, eggs, Parmigiano Reggiano
OUTPUT: TITLE: Ricotta-and-Herb-Stuffed Chicken | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 4 garlic cloves, minced; 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 4 cups whole-milk ricotta (preferably fresh; 2 pounds); 2 large eggs, lightly beaten; 1 cup grated Parmigiano-Reggiano (2 ounces); 1/4 cup chopped fresh oregano; 1/4 cup chopped fresh flat-leaf parsley; 2 whole chickens (each about 3 1/2 pounds); 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Make filling: Preheat oven to 400°F with racks in middle and lower third. Cook garlic in oil in a small heavy skillet over medium-low heat, stirring occasionally, until pale golden, 2 to 3 minutes. Transfer to a bowl and stir in ricotta, eggs, parmesan, herbs, 1/2 teaspoon salt, and 1/4 teaspoon pepper. Preheat oven to 400°F with racks in middle and lower third. Cook garlic in oil in a small heavy skillet over medium-low heat, stirring occasionally, until pale golden, 2 to 3 minutes. Transfer to a bowl and stir in ricotta, eggs, parmesan, herbs, 1/2 teaspoon salt, and 1/4 teaspoon pepper. Stuf <END>
INPUT: American, soup, olive oil, shallots, broccoli florets, low salt chicken
OUTPUT: TITLE: Broccoli-Mascarpone Soup | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons olive oil; 1 1/2 cups sliced shallots (about 6 large); 1 1/2 pounds broccoli florets, cut into 1-inch pieces; 6 cups low-salt chicken broth; 1 1/2 cups (12 ounces) mascarpone cheese (Italian cream cheese), divided; 1/4 teaspoon cayenne pepper; 3 tablespoons chopped fresh chives | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat oil in large pot over medium heat. Add shallots; sauté 3 minutes. Add broccoli; sauté 1 minute. Add broth; bring to boil. Reduce heat to medium-low. Cover and simmer until vegetables are tender, about 10 minutes. Cool slightly. Working in batches, transfer soup to blender; puree until smooth. Return to pot. Reserve 1/4 cup mascarpone in small bowl; cover and chill. Whisk 1 1/4 cups mascarpone and cayenne pepper into soup. Season with salt. DO AHEAD Can be made 1 day ahead. Cover; chill. Heat soup over medium heat, stirring occasionally; do not boil. Ladle soup into bowls. Garnish with res <END>
INPUT: French, green, salad, butter, duck breasts, Salt pepper, orange marmalade, wine vinegar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Orange-Tarragon Duck Breast with Green Salad and Asparagus-Almond Rice | CUISINE: French | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons butter, divided; 2 duck breasts, found in packaged meats case of larger markets; Salt and pepper; 1/3 cup orange marmalade; 4 tablespoons white wine vinegar, divided; 4 sprigs fresh tarragon, leaves finely chopped; 2 to 3 tablespoons slivered almonds; 1 cup rice; 2 cups chicken stock; 1 small bunch asparagus; 1 endive, thinly sliced; 1 bunch watercress, trimmed and stemmed; 1 frisee, coarsely chopped; 1 shallot; 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard | INSTRUCTIONS: Rub a skillet with 1 tablespoon butter. Lightly score duck breaks through skin, but not the flesh, in a cross-hatch pattern. Season duck breasts with salt and pepper and place in cold pan skin side down and turn heat on to medium-medium high. Cook until crispy, 15 minutes, turn. Drain off some of the fat and discard. Mix marmalade with 2 tablespoons white wine vinegar and tarragon, salt and pepper, reserve. Once you flip the duck, pour the marmalade sauce over top and reduce heat. Loosely cover pan and let the duck hang out a couple of minutes more. While duck cooks, melt 1 tablespoon butter i <END>
INPUT: distilled vinegar, cider vinegar, grape juice, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pickled Grapes with Jicama and Celery Seed | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup distilled white vinegar; 1 1/2 cups cider vinegar; 1/2 cup white grape juice; 1 cup white sugar; 1/2 cup brown sugar; 1 teaspoon celery seed, bruised with a rolling pin; 3/4 teaspoon ground turmeric; 2 teaspoons yellow mustard seed, slightly crushed with a rolling pin; 7 whole cloves; 1 teaspoon salt; Piece fresh ginger the size of your little finger, peeled and cut into rounds about the thickness of a dime; 3 red or green jalapeno peppers or other small chiles of your choice, thinly sliced; 4 cups mixed red and green seedless grapes; 1 medium jicama, peeled and cut into cubes about 3/8-inch thick (about 2 cups) | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large, nonreactive saucepan, combine the vinegars, grape juice, white and brown sugars, celery seed, turmeric, mustard seed, cloves, and salt, and bring to a boil over medium-high heat. Turn the heat to low and simmer for 3 minutes, stirring several times to dissolve the sugars. Remove from the heat, add all the remaining ingredients, and mix well to combine. Cool to room temperature, then cover and refrigerate. These pickles will keep, covered and refrigerated, for 2 to 3 months. <END>
INPUT: crepes, vanilla bean, Calimyrna figs, raspberries, Muscat wine, water
OUTPUT: TITLE: Walnut Crepes with Raspberries and Dried Figs | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 vanilla bean, split lengthwise; 1 1/2 cups chopped dried Calimyrna figs; 1 12-ounce package frozen sweetened raspberries (not packed in syrup), thawed, juice reserved; 1 cup Muscat wine; 1 cup water; 1/4 cup (packed) dark brown sugar; 2 tablespoons honey; 2 teaspoons orange peel; 1 cup (or more) whole milk; 1 cup all purpose flour; 3 large eggs; 1/4 cup chopped walnuts; 2 tablespoons sugar; 2 tablespoons (1/4 stick) unsalted butter, melted; 1 teaspoon grated orange peel | INSTRUCTIONS: Make filling: Scrape seeds from vanilla bean into heavy medium saucepan; add bean. Add figs, raspberries with juices and all remaining ingredients. Bring to simmer, stirring until sugar dissolves. Simmer over medium heat until figs are tender, about 30 minutes. Cool. (Can be prepared 3 days ahead. Cover and chill.) Scrape seeds from vanilla bean into heavy medium saucepan; add bean. Add figs, raspberries with juices and all remaining ingredients. Bring to simmer, stirring until sugar dissolves. Simmer over medium heat until figs are tender, about 30 minutes. Cool. (Can be prepared 3 days ahead <END>
INPUT: reuben, low fat mayonnaise, chili sauce ketchup, dill pickle, lemon juice, Kosher salt milled
OUTPUT: TITLE: Smoked Salmon Reuben | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup low-fat mayonnaise; 2 tablespoons chili sauce or ketchup; 2 tablespoons finely chopped dill pickle; 1 teaspoon fresh lemon juice; Kosher salt and freshly milled black pepper; 8 slices rye bread; 4 to 6 ounces thinly sliced Gruyere, Italian Fontina, or Swiss; 8 ounces thinly sliced smoked salmon or smoked turkey; 1 (14 1/2-ounce) can sauerkraut, drained, rinsed and gently squeezed dry; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine the mayonnaise, chili sauce, pickle, lemon juice, and salt and pepper, to taste. Spread 1 side of each slice of bread with some of the dressing. Arrange half of the cheese on 4 of the slices. Divide the salmon, sauerkraut, and remaining cheese among the cheese-topped slices of bread and top each with 1 of the remaining bread slices, dressing-side down. Heat the butter in a large skillet over medium-low heat; add the sandwiches and something heavy (such as a cast iron skillet, flat saucepan lid, or heatproof plate and a weight such as a food can) to firmly press the sandwiches down. Coo <END>
INPUT: French, sauce, tarragon, olive oil, garlic, chicken breast halves, tomato seeds
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Chicken Breast with Tomato-Tarragon Sauce | CUISINE: French | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons chopped fresh tarragon; 2 1/2 tablespoons olive oil (preferably extra-virgin); 1 1/4 teaspoons minced garlic; 2 boneless chicken breast halves with skin; 1 3/4 cups chopped tomato with seeds (about 1 large tomato); 2 teaspoons balsamic vinegar; Fresh tarragon sprigs (optional) | INSTRUCTIONS: Prepare barbecue (medium-high heat). Whisk 2 tablespoons tarragon, 1 1/2 tablespoons oil and 1 teaspoon garlic in shallow dish to blend. Using rolling pin, lightly pound chicken between sheets of waxed paper to uniform 1/2-inch thickness. Sprinkle chicken with salt and pepper. Add chicken to tarragon mixture and turn to coat. Let stand 10 minutes. Meanwhile, blend tomato and remaining 1 tablespoon oil in processor until smooth. Add vinegar, remaining 1 tablespoon tarragon and remaining 1/4 teaspoon garlic and just mix in, using on/off turns. Season sauce to taste with salt and pepper. Grill ch <END>
INPUT: slow, warm, sugar, water, lemons, lemon juice, sherry vinegar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Slow Roasted Salmon with a Warm Preserved Lemon and Crispy Caper Vinaigrette and Thinly Sliced Potat | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cups sugar; 3/4 cups water; 2 lemons, cut into eighths; 3 cups lemon juice; 1/4 cup sherry vinegar; 1 tablespoon chopped shallot; 2 cloves garlic, coarsely chopped; 3/4 cup olive oil; Salt and freshly ground pepper; 1/4 cup capers, drained; 2 tablespoons finely chopped parsley; 2 Idaho potatoes, peeled and thinly sliced on a mandolin; 3 tablespoons olive oil; Salt and freshly ground pepper; 4 salmon fillets, 6 ounces each | INSTRUCTIONS: For the vinaigrette: Place sugar and water in a medium nonreactive saucepan over high heat and bring to a boil. Continue boiling until sugar has completely melted. Reduce heat to low, add the lemon wedges and cook slowly until almost soft. Remove with a slotted spoon and place on a baking rack. Let dry at room temperature overnight. Place lemon juice in a small nonreactive saucepan and cook until reduced to 1/4 cup, let cool. Place cooled lemon syrup, sherry vinegar, shallots and garlic in a blender and blend until smooth. With the motor running, slowly add the olive oil and season with salt a <END>
INPUT: American, cheese, breasts, Four chicken breast, Dijon mustard, deli ham, provolone, olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Ham and Cheese Stuffed Chicken Breasts | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: Four 8- to 10-ounce boneless skinless chicken breast halves; 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard; 4 slices deli ham, each slice halved (about 3 ounces); 4 thin slices provolone (about 2 1/2 ounces); 1 tablespoon olive oil; 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt; 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 2/3 cup chicken broth; 1 tablespoon unsalted butter; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh herbs, such as parsley, chives or dill; 1 1/4 pounds red-skinned potatoes; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 3/4 teaspoon kosher salt; 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Insert a paring knife into the thickest part of each chicken breast to make a 3-inch-long pocket down the side, cutting in about halfway. Rub the insides of the pockets with 1 tablespoon of the mustard for all 4 breasts. Stuff each breast with 2 half slices of ham and 1 slice of provolone, folding them to fit. Rub both sides of the chicken breasts with the olive oil and sprinkle with the salt and pepper. Heat a nonstick skillet over medium-high heat until very hot, 3 to 5 minutes. Add the chicken breasts and cook until golden brown and just cooked through, 6 to 8 minutes per side depending on  <END>
INPUT: crusted, pork chops, flour, corn meal, farinha, Lawry's lemon pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Brazil Nut Crusted Pork Chops | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 3/4-inch thick pork chops; 1/4 cup flour; 2 tablespoons corn meal; 1 tablespoon farinha (cassava meal); 2 teaspoons Lawry's lemon pepper; 4 Brazil nuts, pulverized; 2 tablespoons olive oil, for frying | INSTRUCTIONS: Wipe the pork chops with a damp paper towel and pat them dry. Place the remaining ingredients in a plastic bag, add the pork chops and shake well. Heat half of the oil in a heavy cast iron skillet, place the pork chops in the skillet and cook over medium heat for 2 to 3 minutes on each side. Serve hot. <END>
INPUT: strawberry ice cream, slivered almonds
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Panettone with Strawberry Ice Cream and Almonds | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 slices (4 ounces total) panettone, each about 4-inches square and 1-inch thick; 6 tablespoons (3/4 stick) unsalted butter, melted; 1 pint strawberry ice cream, softened, see Cook's Note*; 3 tablespoons slivered and toasted almonds | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: a 2-ounce (1/4 cup) ice cream scoop Place a grill pan over low heat. Lay the panettone on a work surface and cut each in half diagonally to make 6 triangles. Using a pastry brush, liberally brush each side of the panettone with the melted butter. Place the panettone triangles on the grill for 30 to 45 seconds until crisp and toasted. Transfer the triangles to 6 serving plates. Place 1 scoop of ice cream on top of each triangle. Garnish with the slivered almonds and serve immediately. <END>
INPUT: mayonnaise, egg yolk, Dijon mustard, lemon juice, grapeseed oil, olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Anchovy Mayonnaise | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 large egg yolk; 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard; 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 1/2 cup grapeseed oil; 3/4 cup olive oil; 6 anchovy fillets packed in oil, drained, very finely chopped; Kosher salt, freshly ground pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Whisk egg yolk, mustard, and 1 teaspoon lemon juice in a small bowl. Whisking constantly, gradually drizzle in grapeseed oil, then olive oil, drop by drop at first, until mayonnaise is thickened and smooth. Whisk in anchovies and remaining lemon juice; season with salt and pepper. Cover and chill. Do ahead: Mayonnaise can be made 1 day ahead. Keep chilled. Whisk egg yolk, mustard, and 1 teaspoon lemon juice in a small bowl. Whisking constantly, gradually drizzle in grapeseed oil, then olive oil, drop by drop at first, until mayonnaise is thickened and smooth. Whisk in anchovies and remaining l <END>
INPUT: scones, Lavender Earl Grey, all purpose flour, sugar, baking soda, baking powder
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lavender Earl Grey Scones | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 heaping teaspoons Lavender Earl Grey tea leaves (see Resources); 3 cups all- purpose flour; 1/3 cup sugar; 1/2 teaspoon baking soda; 2 1/2 teaspoons baking powder; 3/4 teaspoon kosher salt; 1 1/2 sticks (3/4 cup) unsalted butter, cut into 1/2- inch pieces; 1 1/4 cups buttermilk; 1/2 teaspoon pure vanilla extract; 1/4 cup heavy cream (for brushing); 1/4 cup sugar (for sprinkling) | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. Preheat the oven to 425°F. 2. Steep 1 heaping teaspoon of the lavender Earl Grey tea leaves in 1/4 cup boiling-hot water for 3 minutes. Strain, and reserve the tea. 3. In a coffee or spice grinder, grind the remaining teaspoon of lavender Earl Grey tea leaves to a very fine powder. Place the powder in a large mixing bowl, and add the flour, sugar, baking soda, baking powder, and salt. Stir until combined. 4. With clean hands, work the butter into the dry mixture until it is thoroughly incorporated and has the consistency of fine breadcrumbs. 5. Make a well in the center of the dry ingredien <END>
INPUT: Mexican, cuban, spiced, lime juice, cilantro stems, olive oil, lime peel, thyme
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cuban-Spiced Chicken Thighs with Chorizo and Rice | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup fresh lime juice; 1/4 cup chopped fresh cilantro stems; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1 tablespoon finely grated lime peel; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh thyme; 2 teaspoons chopped seeded jalapeño chile; 2 teaspoons Hungarian sweet paprika; 2 teaspoons ground black pepper; 1 teaspoon ground cumin; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/4 teaspoon ground allspice; 10 chicken thighs with skin and bone (about 4 1/2 pounds); 1 tablespoon olive oil; 1/2 pound fully cooked Spanish chorizo or Portuguese linguiça sausage links, cut into 1/4-inch-thick rounds; 2 cups finely chopped onions | INSTRUCTIONS: Whisk first 11 ingredients in medium bowl for marinade. Place chicken in large resealable plastic bag; add marinade. Seal bag; turn several times to coat chicken. Refrigerate chicken at least 4 hours and up to 1 day, turning bag occasionally. Using tongs, transfer chicken from bag to plate, allowing excess marinade to drip back into bag. Reserve marinade. Heat 1 tablespoon oil in heavy large wide pot over medium heat. Add chorizo and sauté until beginning to brown and fat begins to render, about 3 minutes. Using slotted spoon, transfer chorizo to medium bowl. Increase heat to medium-high. Add  <END>
INPUT: gazpacho, tomatoes, seedless watermelon, cucumber, bell pepper, shallot
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tomato and Watermelon Gazpacho | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 medium tomatoes, preferably heirloom varieties, chopped; 4 cups diced seedless watermelon; 1 cucumber, peeled, seeded and chopped; 1 yellow bell pepper, chopped; 1 medium shallot, sliced; 1/3 cup loosely packed basil and mint, plus small leaves for topping; Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper; 1/3 cup extra-virgin olive oil, plus more for drizzling; 3 tablespoons champagne vinegar | INSTRUCTIONS: Place the tomatoes, watermelon, cucumber, bell pepper, shallot, basil and mint in a large bowl. Season with 1 1/2 teaspoons salt, and pepper to taste. Stir in the olive oil and vinegar. Puree the tomato mixture in a blender, in batches if necessary. Strain through a fine-mesh sieve into a bowl, pressing to extract any liquid; discard the solids and season with salt and pepper. Cover and refrigerate until chilled, about 1 hour. To serve, top the soup with the small herb leaves and a drizzle of olive oil. Photograph by Con Poulos <END>
INPUT: American, cookie, ever, all purpose flour, baking soda, salt, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: The Best Chocolate Chip Cookie Ever | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 1/2 cup all-purpose flour; 1 teaspoon baking soda; 1 teaspoon salt; 1 cup (2 sticks) unsalted butter, room temperature; 1 1/2 cups brown sugar; 1/2 cup sugar; 2 large eggs; 1 teaspoon vanilla; 2 cups (12-ounce package) chocolate chips | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Line baking sheets with parchment or silicone baking sheets or spray cookie sheets with nonstick cooking spray. Put the flour, baking soda, and salt into a bowl and stir it with a whisk to combine. Set aside. Using a hand or stand mixer, beat the butter until it is lighter in color. Slowly add in sugars and beat until it is light and fluffy. Add the eggs 1 at a time and beat until they are incorporated. Stir in the vanilla. Add the flour mixture using low speed, then stir in the chocolate chips. Drop by heaping tablespoonfuls about 2 inches apart onto the pre <END>
INPUT: Mexican, turkey meatballs, sour cream, milk, mayonnaise, garlic powder
OUTPUT: TITLE: Turkey Meatballs with Chipotle Cream Sauce | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: About 32 frozen turkey meatballs; 2 cups sour cream; 1/4 cup milk; 1 tablespoon mayonnaise; 1 teaspoon garlic powder; 2 chipotle peppers in adobo sauce; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 4 tablespoons (1/2 stick) unsalted butter; 1/4 cup grated Parmesan; 3 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat the meatballs according to the package instructions. Meanwhile, combine the sour cream, milk, mayonnaise, garlic powder and chipotle in a blender and blend until combined. Add salt and pepper to taste and blend again. In a small saucepan, heat the butter over low heat until melted. Add the chipotle mixture and mix with a wooden spoon until combined. Heat until warm, then serve with the meatballs and garnish with the grated Parmesan and cilantro. <END>
INPUT: Pacific albacore loins, Kosher salt, Light sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Smoked Albacore Loin | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 to 4 Pacific albacore loins; Kosher salt; Light brown sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: Rinse loins and pat dry. Cut loins into 6 to 8-ounce pieces. Sprinkle a liberal amount of kosher salt on all surfaces of the albacore. Coat fish with light brown sugar and work kosher salt and sugar in all crevices. Smoke the albacore at 170 degrees F for 2 1/2 to 3 hours using a combination apple and oak wood chips. <END>
INPUT: panini, loaf rustic Italian, honey mustard, provolone, Forest ham, roast turkey breast
OUTPUT: TITLE: Italian Panini | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 loaf rustic Italian bread, such as ciabatta or pane rustica; 4 teaspoons honey mustard; 12 ounces sliced provolone; 4 ounces thinly sliced Black Forest ham; 4 ounces thinly sliced roast turkey breast; 4 ounces thinly sliced Genoa salami; 3 tablespoons butter, softened | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: a two-burner grill pan or a panini maker Slice the bread in half horizontally and spread the cut-sides with the honey mustard. Build the sandwich by layering the bottom half of the loaf with half of the provolone, followed by the ham, turkey, salami and the remaining provolone (the provolone should be touching the bread on both sides, with the meat sandwiched in between). Cover with the top half of the loaf. Spread some of the butter on top of the loaf, then carefully flip over and butter the bottom. Slice into the desired number of sandwiches Heat a large two-burner grill p <END>
INPUT: mashed, rutabaga, Kosher salt, Yukon gold potatoes, heavy cream, butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mashed Rutabaga | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 large rutabaga, peeled and cut into 1-inch chunks; Kosher salt; 3 Yukon gold potatoes, peeled and cut into 1-inch chunks; 1 cup heavy cream; 1/2 stick cold butter | INSTRUCTIONS: Put the rutabaga in a large saucepan and cover by about 2 inches of water. Season the water generously with salt. Partially cover the pot and bring the water to a boil over medium-high heat. Boil the rutabaga for 40 minutes; rutabagas take a long time to bring out their natural sweetness. Add the potatoes to the pot and cook until the potatoes are fork tender, about 15 minutes. Heat the cream in a small saucepan over medium heat. Drain the rutabagas and potatoes from the water and pass through a food mill. Add half the hot cream and cold butter into the milled rutabaga/potato mixture and stir  <END>
INPUT: Italian, slaw, pesto, walnuts, garlic, aged Gouda, za'atar, olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cabbage and Carrot Slaw with Walnut-Za'atar Pesto | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 cup walnuts; 1 garlic clove, finely grated; 2 ounces aged Gouda, finely grated; 1 teaspoon za'atar; 1/4 cup olive oil; Kosher salt; 1/4 cup dried currants; 1/2 cup whole-milk plain Greek yogurt; 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice; 1 tablespoon walnut oil or olive oil; Kosher salt, freshly ground pepper; 1/2 small green cabbage, outer leaves removed, very thinly sliced; 1/2 pound young carrots, shaved lengthwise; 1/2 cup coarsely chopped fresh parsley; Za'atar (for serving) | INSTRUCTIONS: Pesto: Preheat oven to 350°F. Toast walnuts on a rimmed baking sheet, tossing once, until golden brown, 8–10 minutes. Let cool. Process walnuts, garlic, cheese, and za'atar in a food processor until nuts are coarsely chopped. With motor running, stream in oil; process until coarsely ground. Season with salt. Preheat oven to 350°F. Toast walnuts on a rimmed baking sheet, tossing once, until golden brown, 8–10 minutes. Let cool. Process walnuts, garlic, cheese, and za'atar in a food processor until nuts are coarsely chopped. With motor running, stream in oil; process until coarsely ground. Seaso <END>
INPUT: bacon, onions, bell pepper, garlic, Great Northern beans
OUTPUT: TITLE: Bacon and Molasses Beans | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 thick-cut bacon slices, thinly sliced crosswise; 2 medium onions, finely chopped; 1/2 green bell pepper, finely chopped; 2 garlic cloves, minced; 4 15-ounce cans Great Northern beans, rinsed, drained; 1/3 cup mild-flavored (light) molasses; 1/4 cup ketchup; 1/4 cup purchased barbecue sauce; 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce; 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard; 1 tablespoon apple cider vinegar | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook bacon in heavy large pot over medium heat until fat is rendered and bacon is crisp, about 5 minutes. Using slotted spoon, transfer bacon to paper towels; drain. Discard all but 2 tablespoons drippings in pot. Add onions, bell pepper and garlic to pot; sauté until vegetables are tender, about 8 minutes. Stir in bacon, beans and remaining ingredients. Reduce heat to medium-low; simmer uncovered until mixture thickens, stirring occasionally, about 10 minutes. Season with salt and pepper. (Can be made 1 day ahead. Cover and chill. Rewarm over medium heat, stirring often, about 10 minutes.) Co <END>
INPUT: Italian, pasta, eggplants, Kosher salt, olive oil, garlic, chile flakes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Eggplant Pasta | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 2 medium-large eggplants; Kosher salt, for purging; 4 tablespoons olive oil; 1 teaspoon garlic, minced; 1/2 teaspoon chile flakes; 4 small tomatoes, seeded and chopped; 1/2 cup cream; 4 tablespoons basil chiffonade; 1/4 cup freshly grated Parmesan; Freshly ground pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Peel each eggplant leaving 1-inch of skin at the top and bottom unpeeled. Slice the eggplant thinly lengthwise, about 1/4-inch thick. Evenly coat each slice with the salt and purge on a sheet pan fitted with a rack for 30 minutes. Rinse with cold water and roll in paper towels to dry. Slice the pieces into thin strips to resemble pasta. In a large saute pan heat the oil. Add the garlic and chili flakes and toast. Add the eggplant "pasta" and toss to coat. Add the tomatoes and cook for 3 minutes. Add the cream and increase heat to thicken sauce. Finally add the basil and Parmesan and toss to co <END>
INPUT: wedges, sweet potatoes, Olive oil, thyme, Salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Sweet Potatoes (Wedges) | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 small or one large sweet potatoes; Olive oil; Fresh thyme; Salt and pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Cut potatoes into wedges. Add wedges to a bowl and coat with olive oil. Toss in thyme and salt and pepper. Place potato wedges in a pan and roast at 425 degrees for 35 minutes. <END>
INPUT: shortcakes, all purpose flour, sugar, baking powder, lemon peel, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lemon Shortcakes with Strawberries | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups all purpose flour; 1/3 cup sugar; 1 tablespoon baking powder; 1 tablespoon grated lemon peel; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1 cup low-fat buttermilk; 1/4 cup (1/2 stick) unsalted butter, melted, cooled; 3 12-ounce baskets strawberries, hulled; 1/4 cup torn fresh mint leaves; 3 tablespoons sugar; 2 teaspoons fresh lemon juice | INSTRUCTIONS: For biscuits: Preheat oven to 400°F. Mix flour, sugar, baking powder, lemon peel and salt in large bowl. Whisk buttermilk and melted butter in medium bowl to blend. Add to flour mixture and stir just until moist dough forms. Drop 8 dough mounds (about 1/3 cup each) onto nonstick baking sheet. Using lightly floured hands, gently pat biscuits into neat 2 1/4-inch-diameter round about 1 1/4 inches high. Bake until biscuits are golden brown, about 15 minutes. Preheat oven to 400°F. Mix flour, sugar, baking powder, lemon peel and salt in large bowl. Whisk buttermilk and melted butter in medium bowl <END>
INPUT: pizza dough, heavy cream, mozzarella knots, ham, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lemon Pizza | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 7 ounces pizza dough; 2 tablespoons heavy cream; 3 ounces mozzarella knots, shredded; 6 thin slices ham; 1/4 small onion, thinly sliced; 2 teaspoons fresh lemon juice; 1 cup loosely packed baby arugula; Freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Place a pizza stone on the floor or the lowest rack of your oven. Preheat the oven to 500 degrees F. Pat the pizza dough into a 12-inch diameter circle and place it on a peel. Spread on the heavy cream, then the mozzarella. Place the ham slices on evenly and scatter the onions over the top. Sprinkle the lemon juice over everything. Slide onto the stone and bake for 8 to 10 minutes. Cover the pizza with the baby arugula and grind on some black pepper. Buon Appetito! <END>
INPUT: skin potatoes, vinegar cider vinegar, sweet peas, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mom's Potato Salad with Pimento and Peas | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 1/2 pounds white thin skin potatoes, peeled and diced; 2 tablespoons white vinegar or cider vinegar; 1 (6-ounce) jar, sliced pimento, drained and chopped; 1 cup frozen sweet peas; 1 small white onion, peeled and left whole; 1/2 cup mayonnaise or reduced fat mayonnaise or, just enough to bind salad; Salt and pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Boil potatoes in salted water for 12 minutes, until fork tender. Drain and return potatoes to hot pot to dry them. Sprinkle potatoes with vinegar. Transfer potatoes to a bowl and let them cool. When potatoes have cooled, add pimento and peas to the bowl. Using a hand held grater, grate the small white onion over the potatoes. The onion juice is what makes this salad so good. Add 1/2 cup of mayonnaise dressing to the bowl, or to your liking, to bind. Season potato salad with salt and pepper, to taste. Transfer to plastic serving wear and pack up for your picnic. Keep this salad in your cooler w <END>
INPUT: Mexican, roast, quesadilla, corn cob, asparagus, olive vegetable oil, bell pepper, jalapeno
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roast Corn, Asparagus and Maine Crab Quesadilla | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 pound fresh or thawed frozen corn on the cob, husked; 3/4 pound medium asparagus; 1 tablespoon olive or vegetable oil, plus extra for pan; 1 red bell pepper, seeded and minced; 1 jalapeno, seeded and minced; 1 red onion, minced; 1/2 pound fresh crabmeat (recommended: Maine crab); 1/2 cup Chipotle Sauce, recipe follows; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; Hot sauce, optional; 4 (10-inch) flour tortillas; 1 pound shredded Cheddar or Monterey Jack; 4 to 6 tablespoons sour cream, for garnish; Approximately 1 1/2 cups shredded romaine or iceberg lettuce, for garnish; For serving: white rice or black beans | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Place the corn on a baking sheet and roast, rotating the cobs every 10 minutes or so, until the corn is golden, about 30 minutes. While the corn is roasting, trim the asparagus and cut each stalk into 1/2-inch lengths. Place the asparagus in a medium baking dish, coat lightly with the oil and roast the asparagus until it browns slightly, about 10 minutes. Remove the corn from the cobs. Combine the roasted corn and asparagus in a large bowl. Add the red pepper, jalapeno, and onion. Pick through the crab meat, discarding any cartilage. Add the crab to the veget <END>
INPUT: fudge, superfine sugar, unsweetened chocolate, heavy cream, salt, unsalted butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate Orange Fudge | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups superfine sugar; 2 ounces unsweetened chocolate, chopped; 2/3 cup heavy cream; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 1 tablespoon unsalted butter; 1/3 cup finely chopped candied orange peel; Garnish: candied orange peel, cut into small thin slices | INSTRUCTIONS: Butter an 8-inch square glass baking dish. In a heavy 2-quart saucepan combine sugar, chocolate, cream, and salt and cook over moderate heat, stirring constantly, until sugar is dissolved and chocolate is melted. Cook mixture, without stirring, until a candy thermometer registers 238°F. Remove pan from heat and add butter and orange peel, swirling pan without stirring. Cool fudge 5 minutes and beat with a wooden spoon until it just begins to lose its gloss (do not overbeat or fudge will seize). Pour fudge immediately into baking dish and cool 15 minutes, or until it begins to harden. Cut fudge <END>
INPUT: cream, sauce, olive oil, butter, onion, shallots, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Stuffed Shrimp with Garlic Cream Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons olive oil; 1 tablespoon butter; 1 small onion, minced; 2 shallots, minced; 1 clove garlic, minced; 1 teaspoon anchovy paste; 2 cups half-and-half; 1 tablespoon cornstarch; 1 tablespoon water; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 artichoke, stem and leaf ends trimmed; Kosher salt; 2 tablespoons olive oil plus additional for drizzling shrimp; 1 medium onion, minced; 2 cloves garlic, minced | INSTRUCTIONS: To prepare the garlic cream sauce: Heat 3 tablespoons of oil with the butter in a medium skillet over medium heat. Add the onion, shallots, garlic, and cook, stirring frequently, until the onions are tender and translucent, about 7 minutes. Add the anchovy paste and cook until fragrant. Add the half-and-half and simmer over medium-low heat. In a small bowl, combine the cornstarch with an equal amount of water and mix well. Whisk 1 1/2 tablespoons of the cornstarch mixture into the sauce. Whisk the sauce as it returns to a simmer. Simmer for 1 to 2 minutes then check the consistency. Repeat the <END>
INPUT: buttered, water, virgin olive oil, coarse gray sea, polenta, unsalted butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Buttered Polenta | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 5 cups water; 1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil; 1 1/4 teaspoons coarse gray sea salt; 1 cup polenta (not quick-cooking; 5 ounces); 1 1/2 tablespoons unsalted butter | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring water, oil, and sea salt to a boil in a 4-quart heavy pot, then add polenta in a slow stream, whisking. Cook over moderate heat, whisking, 2 minutes. Reduce heat to low and cook at a bare simmer, uncovered, stirring frequently with a long-handled spoon, 45 minutes. Remove from heat, then add butter and stir until incorporated. Bring water, oil, and sea salt to a boil in a 4-quart heavy pot, then add polenta in a slow stream, whisking. Cook over moderate heat, whisking, 2 minutes. Reduce heat to low and cook at a bare simmer, uncovered, stirring frequently with a long-handled spoon, 45 mi <END>
INPUT: warm, scallions, hoisin sauce, Salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Hoisin Glazed Scallions with Warm Flour Tortillas | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 16 scallions, washed; 1/4 cup hoisin sauce; Salt and freshly ground pepper; 8 (6-inch) flour tortillas | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat grill. Brush the scallions with hoisin sauce and season with salt and pepper to taste. Grill the scallions, turning once until just cooked through. Grill the tortillas on each side for 20 seconds. Place 2 scallions in each tortilla and roll. <END>
INPUT: Indian, walnuts, lamb shanks, Kosher salt, cinnamon, turmeric, cumin
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lamb Shanks With Pomegranate and Walnuts | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 6 pounds lamb shanks (6–8 shanks, depending on size), trimmed; Kosher salt, freshly ground pepper; 1 1/2 teaspoons ground cinnamon; 1 1/2 teaspoons ground turmeric; 1 teaspoon ground cumin; 1/2 teaspoon ground cardamom; 1/2 cup olive oil, divided; 2 medium onions, thinly sliced; 6 sprigs thyme; 4 garlic cloves, crushed; 2 bay leaves; 2 tablespoons all-purpose flour; 1/2 cup dry red wine; 4 cups (or more) low-sodium chicken broth; 1 cup pomegranate juice | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350°F. Place lamb shanks on a large rimmed baking sheet; season generously with salt and pepper. Mix cinnamon, turmeric, cumin, and cardamom in a small bowl; massage spice mixture into lamb. Let rest 1 hour at room temperature or chill uncovered up to 12 hours (the longer, the better). If chilling, let shanks sit at room temperature 1 hour for even roasting. Heat 1/4 cup oil in a large pot over medium-high. Working in batches, cook lamb shanks until brown on all sides, 10–15 minutes. Transfer lamb to paper towels to drain. Wipe out pot and let cool slightly so that vegetables d <END>
INPUT: American, panini, good quality ciabatta, serrano ham, manchego cheese, piquillo peppers
OUTPUT: TITLE: Serrano Piquillo Manchego Panini | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 4 slices good quality ciabatta or sandwich bread; 4 slices thinly sliced serrano ham, if not available use any good quality smoked ham; 4 slices manchego cheese; 4 piquillo peppers, roughly chopped, if not available use regular roasted peppers | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat your panini press or sandwich maker or nonstick skillet. Arrange the bread slices on your cutting board. Place 1 slice of cheese on top of 2 of the bread slices; sprinkle the chopped piquillo peppers on top of the cheese. Top that with the 2 slices of ham, and finish it off with the last slices of cheese. Top with remaining bread -- no need for butter! Arrange the sandwiches in your sandwich maker or panini press; cook until the outside is golden brown and the cheese has melted. If using a nonstick skillet, once the sandwiches are in the pan, top with a piece of foil and then pop a tea <END>
INPUT: sour, pork tenderloin, olive oil, salt, pepper, pineapple chunks juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sweet and Sour Pork Tenderloin | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 pounds pork tenderloin, silver skins removed; 1 teaspoon olive oil; 1 teaspoon salt; 1 teaspoon freshly ground pepper; 1 20 oz. can pineapple chunks in juice, drained, juice reserved, pineapple set aside; 1/2 cup brown sugar, packed; 2 tablespoons soy sauce; 3 tablespoons tomato paste; 1 tablespoon cornstarch; 2 tablespoons fresh parsley, minced | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. Season tenderloins with salt and pepper. 2. Heat oil in large skillet over medium-high heat and brown tenderloins on all sides. Place in crock. 3. In small bowl, whisk together pineapple juice, brown sugar, soy sauce, tomato paste and cornstarch. Pour over pork tenderloin. 4. Cover and cook on HIGH for 4 hours or LOW for 6 hours or until internal temperature reaches at least 160 degrees Fahrenheit for medium doneness. 5. Remove cover and stir in pineapple chunks. 6. Cover and cook on HIGH for 15-30 minutes until pineapple is heated through. 7. Slice pork and serve with sauce and pineapple.  <END>
INPUT: mashed, butter, smoked paprika, Kosher salt pepper, Yukon gold potatoes, Kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mashed Potatoes with Smoked Paprika and Chives | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound butter, slightly softened; 2 tablespoons smoked paprika; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 6 pounds Yukon gold potatoes, peeled and cut into large dice; Kosher salt; 2 cups milk; 1 cup heavy cream; Small bunch chives, thinly sliced; Freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: For the smoked paprika butter: Combine the butter, paprika, salt and pepper in a bowl. Roll into a log, wrap in waxed paper or parchment and refrigerate until very cold. For the mashed potatoes: Put the potatoes in a large pot, cover by 2 inches with cold water and add 2 tablespoons kosher salt. Bring to a boil and cook until fork-tender, about 35 minutes. Drain the potatoes, run through a food mill set over a large bowl and rice until very fine. Combine the milk and heavy cream in a small saucepan and bring to a simmer over low heat. Put the potatoes back in the pot, place the pot back over l <END>
INPUT: Italian, bruschetta, plum tomatoes, basil leaves, balsamic vinegar, olive oil, bell peppers
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Yellow Pepper Bruschetta | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup diced seeded plum tomatoes; 1/3 cup thinly sliced fresh basil leaves; 1 tablespoon balsamic vinegar; 5 tablespoons olive oil; 2 large yellow bell peppers; 4 1/2-inch-thick slices country-style bread (each about 5x2 1/2 inches); 1 3-ounce piece Asiago cheese, shaved into strips; 4 tablespoons freshly grated Parmesan cheese | INSTRUCTIONS: Blend first 3 ingredients and 3 tablespoons oil in small bowl. Season topping with salt and pepper. Char bell peppers over gas flame or in broiler until blackened on all sides. Enclose in paper bag; let stand 10 minutes. Peel, seed, and slice peppers. Preheat oven to 375°F. Arrange bread slices on baking sheet; brush with 2 tablespoons oil. Top bread with peppers and cheese shavings. Bake until Asiago melts, about 12 minutes. Transfer bruschetta to plates. Spoon on tomato topping; sprinkle with Parmesan. Blend first 3 ingredients and 3 tablespoons oil in small bowl. Season topping with salt an <END>
INPUT: bake, tart, graham crackers, milk, unflavored gelatin
OUTPUT: TITLE: No-Bake Lemon Cream Tart | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 10 tablespoons (1 1/4 sticks) unsalted butter; 1/4 cup (packed) golden brown sugar; 7 whole graham crackers, finely crushed; 1/2 cup whole milk; 1 teaspoon unflavored gelatin; 1 cup plus 1 tablespoon sugar; 1/2 cup fresh lemon juice; 2 teaspoons grated lemon peel; 2 large eggs; 1 1/4 cups chilled whipping cream | INSTRUCTIONS: Melt 6 tablespoons butter in medium skillet over medium-high heat. Whisk in brown sugar. Whisk until mixture bubbles thickly, about 2 minutes. Mix in cracker crumbs; stir 1 minute. Using back of fork, press warm crumb mixture over bottom and up sides of 9-inch-diameter tart pan with removable bottom. Cool crust completely. Pour milk into small custard cup. Sprinkle gelatin over. Let stand until gelatin softens, about 15 minutes. Whisk 1 cup sugar, lemon juice, and lemon peel in heavy medium saucepan to blend well. Whisk in eggs, then remaining 4 tablespoons butter. Whisk over medium heat until <END>
INPUT: American, steak, cube beef bouillon, virgin olive oil, soy sauce, Worcestershire sauce, Juice lemons
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tri-Tip Steak With Mushrooms and Peppers | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 cube beef bouillon; 4 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1 tablespoon soy sauce; 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce; Juice of 2 lemons; 1/4 teaspoon red pepper flakes; Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper; 6 sprigs thyme; 4 sprigs rosemary; 1 bunch scallions, cut into large pieces; 1 1/2 pounds beef tri-tip, trimmed of excess fat; 1 pound cremini mushrooms; 2 red bell peppers, cut into large chunks; 1 clove garlic, smashed | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine 3/4 cup hot water and the bouillon cube in a small glass baking dish; stir to dissolve. Whisk in 2 tablespoons olive oil, the soy sauce, Worcestershire sauce, the juice of 1 lemon, the red pepper flakes, 1 teaspoon salt and 1/2 teaspoon pepper. Tear 4 sprigs thyme and 3 sprigs rosemary into pieces; add to the marinade along with the scallions. Let cool. Using a fork, pierce the meat all over at 2-inch intervals. Add to the marinade, making sure it is completely submerged. (If necessary, weigh down the meat with a plate.) Cover and refrigerate 3 to 8 hours. Remove the meat from the refr <END>
INPUT: Boursin cheese, bacon, pepper bread any, lightly salted butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Boursin and Bacon on Cracked Pepper Bread | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 12 ounces Boursin cheese; 8 slices cooked bacon; 8 slices cracked pepper bread or any rustic country bread; 1 tablespoon softened lightly salted butter | INSTRUCTIONS: Spread each of 4 slices of bread with 3 ounces of Boursin cheese. Cut each bacon slice in half lengthwise. Place 2 pieces of bacon (4 halves) on top of each of the Boursin-prepared slices of bread. Cover each prepared half with another slice of bread. Evenly butter the top of each sandwich. Place each sandwich butter side down in a frying pan over medium heat. While the first side is grilling, butter the second side of bread. Cook until golden and crusty, about 1-2 minutes. Carefully turn and cook until second side is golden, about 1-2 minutes more. Spread each of 4 slices of bread with 3 ounc <END>
INPUT: pots, creme, heavy cream, milk, Grade maple syrup, solid pack pumpkin, egg yolks
OUTPUT: TITLE: Maple Pumpkin Pots de Creme | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup heavy cream; 3/4 cup whole milk; 3/4 cup Grade B maple syrup; 1/2 cup canned solid-pack pumpkin; 7 large egg yolks; 1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1/8 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg; 1/8 teaspoon salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 325 degrees F. Whisk together cream, milk, syrup, and pumpkin in a heavy saucepan and bring just to a simmer over moderate heat. Whisk together yolks, cinnamon, nutmeg, and salt in a bowl. Add hot pumpkin mixture to yolks in a slow stream, whisking constantly. Pour custard through a fine-mesh sieve into a large measuring cup, then divide among custard cups (you may have some custard left over, depending on size of cups). Bake custards in a hot water bath pan covered tightly with foil, in middle of oven until a knife inserted in center of a custard comes out clean, 35 to 40 minu <END>
INPUT: American, charred, sorbet, goat cheese, kosher salt, Bosc pears, juniper berries, egg whites
OUTPUT: TITLE: Charred Pear Sorbet with Goat Cheese "Snow" | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 4 ounces fresh goat cheese, crumbled; 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt; 4 large Bosc pears, unpeeled, halved; 4 juniper berries; 2 large egg whites; 1/3 cup powdered sugar; Special equipment: A spice mill | INSTRUCTIONS: Using an electric mixer on high speed, beat goat cheese and salt in a small bowl until creamy; gradually beat in 1/2 cup water. Transfer to a shallow baking dish, cover, and freeze for at least 6 hours. DO AHEAD: Ice can be made 1 week ahead. Keep frozen. Cook pears in a dry cast-iron skillet over medium heat, turning occasionally, until well charred and just softened, 15-20 minutes. Let cool. Core, coarsely chop, and transfer to a food processor; purée until smooth. Transfer purée to a medium bowl and freeze until completely solid, at least 6 hours. DO AHEAD: Pear sorbet can be made 1 week ah <END>
INPUT: pastry, dough, all purpose flour, sugar, salt, unsalted butter, ice water
OUTPUT: TITLE: All-Butter Pastry Dough | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 1/2 cups all-purpose flour; 2 teaspoons sugar; 3/4 teaspoon salt; 2 sticks cold unsalted butter, cut into 1/2-inch cubes; 1/3 cup plus 1 to 4 tablespoons ice water | INSTRUCTIONS: Whisk together flour, sugar, and salt in a bowl (or pulse in a food processor). Blend in butter with your fingertips or a pastry blender (or pulse) just until most of mixture resembles coarse meal with some roughly pea-size butter lumps. Drizzle 1/3 cup ice water over mixture and gently stir with a fork (or pulse) until incorporated. Whisk together flour, sugar, and salt in a bowl (or pulse in a food processor). Blend in butter with your fingertips or a pastry blender (or pulse) just until most of mixture resembles coarse meal with some roughly pea-size butter lumps. Drizzle 1/3 cup ice water  <END>
INPUT: American, gratin, garlic, butter, Yukon Gold potatoes, oil cured olives, crumbled Gorgonzola cheese
OUTPUT: TITLE: Potato and Fennel Gratin with Gorgonzola, Olives and Tomato-Marjoram Sauce | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 garlic clove, peeled, flattened; 4 1/2 tablespoons butter, cut into pieces; 2 pounds Yukon Gold potatoes or white-skinned potatoes, unpeeled, cut into 1/8-inch-thick rounds; 1/4 cup oil-cured black olives, pitted, chopped; 1 1/4 cups crumbled Gorgonzola cheese (about 5 ounces); 2 medium fennel bulbs, trimmed, cored, cut into 1/4-inch-wide strips (about 3 cups); 1 teaspoon dried marjoram; 1/2 cup hot whole milk; 6 oil-cured black olives, pitted, halved; Tomato-Marjoram Sauce | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 375°F. Rub inside of 9x9x2-inch metal baking pan with garlic clove. Rub pan with 1/2 tablespoon butter. Cover bottom with 1/4 of potatoes, overlapping slightly. Sprinkle 1/3 of chopped olives over, then 1/4 of cheese. Top with 1/3 of fennel; sprinkle with salt and pepper and 1/3 of marjoram. Dot with 1 tablespoon butter. Repeat layering two more times. Top with remaining potatoes, then half of remaining cheese; dot with re-maining 1 tablespoon butter. Pour milk over; arrange halved olives atop. Sprinkle with salt and pepper. Cover pan with foil. Bake gratin until vegetables are <END>
INPUT: bright, salad, olive oil, orange juice, balsamic vinegar, corn, shelled edamame
OUTPUT: TITLE: Bright and Light Rice n' Bean Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons olive oil; 3 tablespoons orange juice; 2 teaspoons balsamic vinegar; 1 cup frozen corn, thawed; 1 cup shelled edamame, or soybeans; 1 cup cooked brown rice; 4 scallions, sliced; One 15-ounce can red beans, rinsed and drained; 1 orange bell pepper, diced; Salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Whisk together the olive oil, orange juice and vinegar in a large bowl. Add the corn, edamame, rice, scallions, beans and bell pepper and toss to combine. Season with salt and black pepper. <END>
INPUT: American, salad, dressing, cheese, wine vinegar, olive oil, Worcestershire sauce, spinach leaves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spinach and Endive Salad with Blue Cheese Dressing | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 6 tablespoons blue cheese; 3 tablespoons red-wine vinegar, or to taste; 1/2 cup plus 1 tablespoon olive oil; Dash Worcestershire sauce; 8 cups spinach leaves, washed well and spun dry; 2 Belgian endives, sliced thin crosswise | INSTRUCTIONS: In a bowl with a fork mash the blue cheese and whisk in the vinegar, the oil, the Worcestershire sauce, and salt and pepper to taste, whisking until the dressing is emulsified. In a large bowl toss the spinach and the endive with the dressing until the salad is combined well. <END>
INPUT: American, salad, glaze, balsamic vinegar, wine, Tbs. light sugar, bulb fennel, Tbs. virgin olive
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pear Fennel and Blue Cheese Salad with Balsamic Glaze | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/3 cups balsamic vinegar; 1/2 cup dry white wine (such as chardonnay); 2 Tbs. packed light brown sugar; 1 medium bulb fresh fennel, trimmed and cored; 2 Tbs. extra virgin olive oil; Kosher salt; 6 Royal Riviera pears; 3 oz. Cambazzola or other good-quality blue cheese; black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine vinegar, wine and sugar in a heavy, large saucepan. Bring to boil over medium heat, stirring to dissolve sugar. Boil until syrupy and reduced to 1/2 cup, about 20 minutes. Remove from heat and set aside to cool. Slice fennel bulb paper thin, using a mandoline, a very sharp knife or a food processor slicing disk. Toss fennel with olive oil and salt to taste. To serve, spread a bed of fennel evenly on each of six salad plates. Quarter and core pears and arrange quarters on each plate. Distribute pieces of cheese equally among plates, grind fresh black pepper liberally over each and drizz <END>
INPUT: pilaf, olive oil, onion, mushrooms, low salt chicken, orzo
OUTPUT: TITLE: Orzo Pilaf with Mushrooms | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1 onion, chopped; 8 ounces mushrooms, sliced; 2 cups canned low-salt chicken broth; 1 cup orzo; 3 tablespoons pine nuts, toasted; 2 tablespoons minced fresh parsley | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat oil in heavy large saucepan over medium-high heat. Add onion and mushrooms and sauté until golden brown, about 10 minutes. Add broth and bring to boil. Stir in orzo. Reduce heat to medium-low. Cover and simmer until orzo is tender and has absorbed all liquid, stirring occasionally, about 15 minutes. Remove from heat. Stir in pine nuts and parsley. Season to taste with salt and pepper and serve immediately. Heat oil in heavy large saucepan over medium-high heat. Add onion and mushrooms and sauté until golden brown, about 10 minutes. Add broth and bring to boil. Stir in orzo. Reduce heat to <END>
INPUT: guinea hen thighs, Salt pepper, Flour dredging, olive oil, pancetta
OUTPUT: TITLE: Guinea Hen Crostone | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 8 guinea hen thighs*; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; Flour for dredging; 1/4 cup olive oil, more as needed; 2 1/2 cups diced pancetta; 3 cups diced Spanish onion; 12 cloves garlic, sliced thin; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh rosemary; 3 tablespoons chopped fresh sage; 4 cups dry white wine; 4 cups chicken or guinea hen stock, plus an additional 1 cup for the crostone; 1 pound (about 2 1/2 cups) cleaned chicken livers, roughly chopped; 1 tablespoon capers; 1 tablespoon white-wine vinegar; 2 lemons, zest removed in long strips, and juiced | INSTRUCTIONS: *Note: You'll probably have to buy guinea hen whole legs rather than thighs. In this case, cut the drumsticks off and make a stock with them, just as you would a chicken stock. Use in the recipe instead of chicken stock. With a clean kitchen towel or paper towel, pat the guinea thighs dry. Season them with salt and freshly ground black pepper. Dredge in the flour and pat off all excess flour. Meanwhile, heat a large (12-inch) saute pan over medium heat for one minute, and then add the olive oil. It should be hot but not smoking by the time you are done flouring the guinea thighs. Brown the thi <END>
INPUT: American, sunny, casserole, butter, garlic, Salt, Yukon gold potatoes, beans
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sunny's Green Bean Casserole Mash-Up | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon butter, for greasing pan; 2 cloves garlic, smashed; Salt; 2 Yukon gold potatoes, peeled and cut into 1-inch chunks, peels reserved; 1 pound fresh green beans, trimmed and cut into thin strips on an angle; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1/2 cup chopped Vidalia onion; 1/2 serrano chile, seeded and chopped; 8 to 10 sprigs fresh thyme; Freshly ground black pepper; 1/2 teaspoon Hungarian paprika; 1 pound baby bella mushrooms, sliced; 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce; 1 cup heavy cream, at room temperature; 1/2 cup Mexican crema or sour cream | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Butter an 8-by-8-inch baking dish and set aside. For the casserole: Fill a large pot with water. Add the garlic and a small handful of salt. Bring to a boil and add the potatoes. Cook until fork tender, 6 to 8 minutes. Remove the potatoes and garlic with a slotted spoon to a sieve to let drain. To the same water, add the green beans. Bring back to a boil if needed, then simmer until the green beans are bright and tender, 6 to 8 minutes. Remove to a sieve. In a saute pan on medium heat, add the olive oil, onions, serrano chile and thyme. Season with a pinch of <END>
INPUT: olive oil, onion, bell pepper, garlic, kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Rice and Beans | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon olive oil; 1 medium onion, peeled and chopped; 1 medium green bell pepper, seeded and chopped; 2 garlic cloves, thinly sliced; 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt; 1 14-ounce box boil-in-bag rice, uncooked; 1 14-ounce can red kidney beans, drained and rinsed; Freshly ground black pepper to taste | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. Heat the olive oil in a heavy saucepan over medium-high heat. 2. Add the onion, bell pepper, garlic, and salt and sauté, stirring, for about 5 minutes. 3. Pour the rice from the bag into the pan, then stir in the beans and 1 1/4 cups water. Bring to a boil. 4. Cover, reduce heat to medium-low, and simmer until the liquid is absorbed, 10 to 15 minutes. 5. Remove from heat and let stand, covered, for 5 minutes. 6. Season with the black pepper, stir gently, and serve. 1. Heat the olive oil in a heavy saucepan over medium-high heat. 2. Add the onion, bell pepper, garlic, and salt and sauté, sti <END>
INPUT: chocolate, cupcakes, eggs, hazelnut liqueur, all purpose flour, granulated sugar, hazelnut meal
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate Hazelnut Cupcakes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 eggs; 1/3 cup hazelnut liqueur, such as Frangelico; 3 1/3 cups all-purpose flour; 1 3/4 cups granulated sugar; 1 cup hazelnut meal; 1 teaspoon baking powder; 1 teaspoon baking soda; 1 teaspoon salt; 12 ounces butter; 1 cup sour cream; 6 ounces unsalted butter; 8 ounces powdered sugar; 3 tablespoons torrone-flavored paste; 2 cups powdered sugar; 1/4 cup cocoa powder | INSTRUCTIONS: For the cupcakes: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Use a 24 socket cupcake pan and line with paper liners. Set the pan aside. In a medium bowl, whisk together the eggs and liqueur until blended, and set aside. In a large bowl of an electric stand mixer on low speed, gently combine the flour, granulated sugar, hazelnut meal, baking powder, baking soda and salt until blended. Add the butter and sour cream and beat on low speed until the dry ingredients are moistened. Increase the speed to medium and beat for 2 1/2 minutes, scraping the sides of the bowl occasionally. In three separate addition <END>
INPUT: Mexican, taco, seviche, sushi grade tuna, lemon juice, lime juice, serrano pepper, Salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tuna Taco Seviche Style with Avocado-Watermelon Salsa | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 8 ounces sushi grade tuna steak, cut into 1/2-inch cubes; 1/4 cup lemon juice; 1/4 cup lime juice; 1/2 teaspoon serrano pepper, minced; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 cup 1/2-inch cubed seedless watermelon; 1/2 cup cubed ripe avocado; 1/2 cup chopped red onion; 2 cloves garlic, minced; 1/3 cup chopped parsley leaves; 1/3 cup chopped cilantro leaves; 1/3 cup lime juice; 1 teaspoon finely chopped serrano pepper; 1 teaspoon finely minced jalapeno pepper; Salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: To prepare the seviche, in a medium-sized bowl combine the tuna, lime juice, lemon juice, serrano pepper, and salt and freshly ground black pepper, to taste. Make sure the ingredients cover the tuna, and let it stand for 1 hour, occasionally folding ingredients with a rubber spatula. To begin the salsa, combine the watermelon, avocado, red onion, garlic, parsley, cilantro, lime, peppers, salt, pepper, oil, and tequila in a medium-sized bowl. Toss all ingredients together gently. Let it stand for 30 minutes. To warm the tortillas, season a hot grill or non-stick pan with a touch of oil, salt, a <END>
INPUT: fragrant, cornstarch, beef broth, lemon juice, lemon peel, stir fry oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fragrant Beef Stir-Fry | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 teaspoons cornstarch; 1 cup canned beef broth; 1 1/2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 1 teaspoons grated lemon peel; 4 teaspoons stir-fry oil; 8 ounces 3/4-inch-thick top sirloin steak, thinly sliced crosswise; 3 cups mixed cut-up vegetables (such as bell peppers, broccoli florets, onion, mushrooms and cauliflower florets); 2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro | INSTRUCTIONS: Place cornstarch in small bowl. Gradually add broth, stirring until cornstarch dissolves. Mix in lemon juice and peel. Heat 2 teaspoons oil in large non-stick skillet over medium-high heat. Season beef with salt and generous amount of pepper. Add beef to skillet and stir-fry until just brown, about 3 minutes. Using slotted spoon, transfer beef to plate. Add remaining 2 teaspoons oil to skillet. Add vegetables; stir-fry until bright in color and just beginning to soften, about 3 minutes. Stir broth mixture quickly to re-blend; add to skillet. Add beef and any collected juices. Cook until sauce  <END>
INPUT: griddlecakes, all purpose flour, baking soda, salt, milk, sour cream
OUTPUT: TITLE: Scallion Griddlecakes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup all-purpose flour; 1/4 teaspoon baking soda; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 2 tablespoons milk; 2 tablespoons sour cream; 1 large egg, beaten lightly; 1 cup chopped scallion greens (about 6); 2 tablespoons vegetable oil | INSTRUCTIONS: In a bowl whisk together flour, baking soda, and salt. In a blender or food processor blend milk, sour cream, egg, and 1/2 cup scallion until smooth. Add mixture to flour mixture and stir remaining 1/2 cup scallion until combined well. In a large non-stick skillet heat oil over moderately high heat until hot but not smoking and, working in 2 batches, drop batter by tablespoonfuls into skillet. Spread batter into cakes about 2 inches in diameter and cook 2 to 3 minutes on each side, or until golden. Transfer griddlecakes as cooked with a metal spatula to a heatproof plate and keep warm. Makes a <END>
INPUT: vinaigrette, garlic, virgin olive oil, heavy cream
OUTPUT: TITLE: Horseradish Vinaigrette | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup (or more) unseasoned rice vinegar; 2 tablespoons (or more) grated fresh or prepared horseradish; 1 small garlic clove; 1/2 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 1/4 cup heavy cream; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Purée 1/4 cup vinegar, 2 tablespoons horseradish, and garlic in a food processor. With motor running, gradually add oil in a slow, steady stream through the feed tube; process until well combined, then add heavy cream. Season dressing with salt, pepper, and more vinegar and horseradish, if desired. DO AHEAD: Can be made 3 days ahead. Store chilled in an airtight jar. Purée 1/4 cup vinegar, 2 tablespoons horseradish, and garlic in a food processor. With motor running, gradually add oil in a slow, steady stream through the feed tube; process until well combined, then add heavy cream. Season dr <END>
INPUT: salad, wine vinegar, Dijon mustard, honey, virgin olive oil, arugula
OUTPUT: TITLE: Arugula and Grape Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup red wine vinegar; 1 generous tablespoon Dijon mustard; 1 tablespoon honey; 1/2 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 4 cups arugula; 2 cups red grapes, halved if desired; 1 red onion, shaved | INSTRUCTIONS: Whisk together the red wine vinegar, Dijon mustard and honey in a small bowl. Slowly add in the olive oil, whisking to emulsify. Mix together the arugula, grapes and onions in a salad bowl. Add dressing to taste, tossing to coat. Serve. <END>
INPUT: mimosa, orange juice, Grand Marnier
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grand Mimosa | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup orange juice; 1 (750ml) bottle Champagne; 1/2 cup Grand Marnier | INSTRUCTIONS: Fill 8 champagne flutes 1/4 full with orange juice. Top with champagne to fill glass 3/4's-way full. Top each drink with 1 tablespoon of Grand Marnier.; <END>
INPUT: French, vinaigrette, wine vinegar, Water, shallot, mustard, mayonnaise
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Fingerling Potatoes with Creamy Tarragon Vinaigrette | CUISINE: French | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup white wine vinegar; Water, as needed; 1 tablespoon chopped shallot; 1 tablespoon mustard; 1 tablespoon mayonnaise; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh tarragon leaves, plus leaves for garnish; 1/2 cup canola oil, plus more as needed; Salt and freshly cracked black pepper; 12 fingerling potatoes, par-boiled and halved | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat a grill to medium heat. Combine the vinegar, a splash of water, the shallots, mustard, mayonnaise and tarragon in a blender and puree until smooth. With the motor still running, slowly pour in the oil and blend until the vinaigrette has emulsified. Adjust the seasoning with salt and black pepper, to taste. Brush the potatoes with some canola oil and season them with salt and black pepper, to taste. Grill them, cut side down, until they are lightly golden, then turn them over and continue grilling until they are just cooked through. Transfer them to a plat <END>
INPUT: Cornish game hens, coriander, Kosher salt pepper, unsalted butter, low sodium chicken
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Hens a L'Orange | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 Cornish game hens (about 1 1/2 pounds each); 1 teaspoon ground coriander; Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper; 4 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1 1/2 cups low-sodium chicken broth; 2 thyme sprigs, plus 1 teaspoon chopped leaves; 4 wide strips orange zest (removed with a vegetable peeler); 1 cup fresh orange juice (from about 3 oranges); 1 cup orzo; 1 shallot, chopped; 1/2 cup shredded carrots; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F; line a baking sheet with foil. Cut the hens in half with kitchen shears, cutting along one side of the breastbone; season with the coriander, 1 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of pepper. Heat 1 tablespoon butter in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Add the hens skin-side down; cook until golden, 4 minutes. Flip; cook until slightly golden, 2 more minutes. Transfer to the prepared baking sheet skin-side up. Bake until cooked through, 25 minutes. Meanwhile, add the broth, thyme sprigs and orange zest and juice to the skillet. Bring to a boil, stirring. Redu <END>
INPUT: Mexican, salad, dressing, Boston lettuce, Hass avocado, scallions, Leaves from cilantro, limes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Boston Lettuce Avocado Salad and Lime Dressing | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2 small to medium heads Boston lettuce, discard any wilted leaves; 1 Hass avocado, pitted; 1 large bunch scallions, thinly sliced; Leaves from 1 bunch cilantro, finely chopped; 2 limes, juiced; 1/3 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1 teaspoon sugar; About 20 grinds fresh black pepper; 1 tablespoon whole-grain mustard | INSTRUCTIONS: Pull the lettuce leaves from the head, rinse gently under cold water, and lay out on clean towels to dry. Use a spoon to remove the flesh in 1 piece from each half of the avocado. Thinly slice the avocado flesh into thin wedges. Whisk together all the dressing ingredients. Arrange the lettuce leaves on a plate and top with the avocado wedges, scallion, and cilantro. Finish with a healthy drizzling of the dressing. <END>
INPUT: Italian, olive oil, hot Italian sausage, sweet onion, garlic, oregano
OUTPUT: TITLE: Penne with Spicy Sausage | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1 pound ground hot Italian sausage; 1 large sweet onion, finely chopped; 3 cloves garlic, grated; 1 1/2 teaspoons dried oregano; Pinch crushed red pepper flakes; One 32-ounce can crushed seasoned tomatoes; One 16-ounce can seasoned tomato sauce; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 pound penne pasta; Grated Parmesan cheese, optional | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat the oil in a large saucepan over medium heat. Add the sausage and cook, stirring occasionally, until browned. Transfer to a bowl. Add the onion to the saucepan and cook, stirring, until coated with the sausage drippings. Reduce the heat slightly and add the garlic, oregano and red pepper flakes. Stir until the mixture has softened, about 5 minutes. Add the crushed tomatoes and tomato sauce to the onion mixture. Stir until fully combined. Season with salt and pepper and stir in the cooked sausage. Reduce heat to low and gently simmer the sauce, stirring occasionally, until slightly thicken <END>
INPUT: Italian, skewers, mussels, ball mozzarella cheese, all purpose flour, egg, breadcrumbs
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mussel and Mozzarella Skewers | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 24 mussels, steamed and removed from shells; 1 ball mozzarella cheese, cubed; 1/2 cup all-purpose flour; 1 large egg, beaten with salt; 1/2 cup breadcrumbs; Olive oil, for frying; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Skewer 2 mussels and 2 mozzarella cubes on a toothpick, alternating, and then repeat with the remaining mussels and mozzarella. Dredge the skewers in the flour, followed by the egg wash, and then in the breadcrumbs. Fry in olive oil until golden, and then season with salt and pepper. <END>
INPUT: burfi, sugar, water, almond paste, Ghee
OUTPUT: TITLE: Almond Burfi | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup sugar; 1/2 cup water; 1 pound almond paste, broken up to facilitate melting; Ghee, prepared from 8 ounces (2 sticks) unsalted butter, recipe follows; 8 ounces (2 sticks) butter | INSTRUCTIONS: A wonderful candy-like sweet that tastes like marzipan with the added richness of ghee. It has a firm texture like fudge will keep for 2 to 3 days in an airtight container. 1/4 cup sliced or slivered almonds, chopped finer In a heavy 4 quart pot, combine the sugar and water and boil together until candy thermometer registers 225 degrees F and a small amount of the syrup forms a thin thread between the thumb and forefinger when carefully sampled from the stirrer. Reduce heat to medium and stir in the almond paste with 1/4 cup ghee. Stir in the rest of the ghee in 1/4 cup increments until all of <END>
INPUT: fruit, salad, strawberries, half raspberries, half blueberries blackberries, oranges, kiwis
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fruit Salad with Herb, Citrus, Mint-Maple, or Basic Syrup | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pint strawberries, hulled and halved; 1 half-pint raspberries; 1 half-pint blueberries or blackberries; 2 oranges, peeled and cut into sections; 2 kiwis, peeled and cut into large chunks; 1 mango, peeled, pitted, and cut into large chunks; 1 papaya, peeled, pitted, and cut into large chunks; 2 cups fresh pineapple cut into large chunks; 1 cup cantaloupe or honeydew melon cut into large chunks; 1/4 cup fresh mint, julienned; Basic , Herb , Mint-Maple or Citrus syrups; Fresh rosemary or mint sprigs if you're using Herb Syrup | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine all the fruit in a large bowl and stir in one of the syrups. Garnish with the mint or rosemary sprigs if you're using Herb Syrup. Combine all the fruit in a large bowl and stir in one of the syrups. Garnish with the mint or rosemary sprigs if you're using Herb Syrup. <END>
INPUT: chips, lime zest, salt, cayenne, vegetable oil, plantains
OUTPUT: TITLE: Plantain Chips | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 teaspoons finely grated fresh lime zest, chopped; 1 1/2 teaspoons salt; 1/4 teaspoon cayenne; 6 cups vegetable oil; 4 green plantains (1 1/2 lb) | INSTRUCTIONS: Stir together zest, salt, and cayenne. Heat oil in a 5-quart heavy pot over moderate heat until a deep-fat thermometer registers 375°F. While oil is heating, cut ends from plantains and score skin of each plantain 5 times lengthwise, avoiding ridges. Soak in hot tap water 5 minutes and peel. Cut plantains lengthwise with a U-shaped peeler or manual slicer into very thin strips (about 116 inch thick). Fry strips, 6 at a time, turning frequently, until golden, 30 to 45 seconds. Transfer with tongs to paper towels and sprinkle crisps immediately with salt mixture. Stir together zest, salt, and ca <END>
INPUT: conserva, plum tomatoes, water, sugar, cinnamon, allspice berries
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sweet Tomato "Conserva" | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 pounds ripe plum tomatoes; 3 cups water; 2 cups sugar; 2 cinnamon sticks; 6 whole allspice berries; 8 to 12 ounces firm, salty cheese, such as queso fresco, feta, or ricotta salata, cut into 1/4-inch slices | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring a large pot of water to a boil. Have ready, a bowl of ice water and a spider or slotted spoon. With a paring knife, cut the stems out of the tomatoes and cut an X in the opposite end. Slip the tomatoes into the boiling water and leave them until the skin around the X starts to loosen, 30 seconds to 1 minute. With the spider, scoop the tomatoes into the ice water. When cool enough to handle, slip the skins off the tomatoes and cut the tomatoes in half lengthwise. Scoop out and discard the seeds. Set the seeded tomato halves aside. Bring 3 cups water, the sugar, cinnamon, and allspice to a <END>
INPUT: Mexican, fondue, Gruyere cheese, Emmenthal cheese, cornstarch, garlic, wine
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chipotle Cheese Fondue | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 pound finely diced Gruyere cheese (about 2 cups); 1/2 pound finely diced Emmenthal cheese (about 2 cups); 1 1/2 tablespoons cornstarch; 2 large garlic cloves, halved; 1 1/3 cups dry white wine; 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice; 2 to 3 tablespoons kirsch; Freshly ground nutmeg, if desired; 3 canned whole chipotle chiles in adobo, or to taste, minced (about 1 1/2 tablespoons); Freshly ground black pepper; Fried shallots, recipe follows; Thinly sliced scallion greens; Crumbled cooked bacon; Assorted cooked vegetables such as broccoli, small carrots, pearl onions, and potatoes; Bread sticks | INSTRUCTIONS: To make the fondue: In a bowl toss together cheeses and cornstarch. Rub the inside of a heavy 3 to 4-quart saucepan with garlic halves, leaving garlic in pan, and add wine and lemon juice. Bring liquid just to a boil and stir in cheese mixture by handfuls. Bring mixture to a bare simmer over moderate heat, stirring, and stir in kirsch, nutmeg, chiles, and pepper, to taste. Transfer the fondue to a fondue pot and set over a low flame. Stir in fried shallots, scallions, and/or bacon, if using, and serve fondue with accompaniments for dipping. Stir fondue often to keep combined. Coat the shallots <END>
INPUT: American, ancho chile powder, sugar, fennel, cumin, kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Barbecue Marlin with Spicy Yellow Rice with Red Beans, and Avocado Puree | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons ancho chile powder; 2 teaspoons sugar; 1 teaspoon ground fennel; 1 teaspoon ground cumin; 1 teaspoon kosher salt; 1/4 teaspoon ground pepper; 4 (7-ounce) marlin fillets; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1 jar barbecue sauce; Spicy Yellow Rice with Red Beans, recipe follows; Avocado Puree, recipe follows; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1 large red onion, finely chopped; 3 cloves garlic, finely chopped; 3 tablespoons ancho chile powder | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine the ancho chile powder, sugar, ground fennel, cumin, 1 teaspoon salt, and 1/4 teaspoon ground pepper in a small bowl. Sprinkle 1 side of the marlin with about 1 teaspoon of the spice mixture. Heat oil in a large saute pan and sear the fish, spice-side down, until golden brown. Turn the fish over and cook for 3 to 4 minutes. Brush with the barbecue sauce, turn over, and cook for 30 seconds. Turn over and brush with more of the sauce. Keep warm. In the center of each of 4 dinner plates, place 2 heaping tablespoons of Spicy Yellow Rice with Red Beans. Place a marlin fillet on top of the r <END>
INPUT: puree, garlic, squash, olive oil, Sea salt kosher, vegetable stock
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pan Fried Lamb Medallions with a Roasted Yellow Squash Puree | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 whole cloves garlic; 4 yellow squash (about 1 pound); 1/8 cup olive oil; Sea salt or kosher salt; 1/4 cup vegetable stock; 2 pounds lamb medallions; 4 cloves garlic, minced; 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt; 1/2 teaspoon black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. For the puree: Coat the whole garlic cloves and yellow squash with olive oil and a few pinches of sea salt in a medium bowl. Put the coated squash and garlic in a 9 1/2 by 11-inch baking pan. Put the baking pan into the oven and bake until the skin is somewhat charred, about 15 minutes. In a blender, add the roasted garlic, yellow squash, and vegetable stock. Blend until it has the consistency of applesauce. For the lamb: In a medium sized mixing bowl, coat each lamb medallion with the minced garlic, salt, and black pepper. In a 12-inch saute pan over medium- <END>
INPUT: American, york, ragout, butter, garlic, peppercorns, coarse salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: New York Strip Steak with Cognac Butter and Portobello Mushroom Ragout | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup butter; 1 garlic clove, peeled and halved; 4 (12 ounce) NY strip steaks or tenderloin or sirloin steaks; 1/2 cup cracked black peppercorns; 2 tablespoons coarse salt; 1/4 cup Worcestershire sauce; 1/2 cup cognac or brandy; 1 1/2 pounds fresh portobello mushrooms; 1/4 cup olive oil; 1/2 cup chopped shallots; 1/2 cup finely diced tomatoes; 2/3 cup heavy cream; 1/2 cup beef or vegetable stock; 1/2 cup chopped fresh basil; 1/2 cup chopped Italian parsley | INSTRUCTIONS: To prepare the steaks: Rub steaks with garlic clove, salt and cracked pepper. Marinate in Worcestershire sauce for 1 hour, minimum. To prepare the ragout: Grill mushrooms whole, then coarsely chop into 3/4-inch cubes. Pour olive oil in pan, add mushrooms and shallots, and saute until soft. Add tomatoes, heavy cream, and stock. Simmer and reduce for about 10 minutes. Add herbs and seasonings and remove from heat. Keep warm if using immediately. To cook steaks and prepare cognac butter: Sear steaks in a heavy skillet on high heat to desired temperature, remove from heat. Add cognac and flame off <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, Kosher salt taste, fusilli pasta, onion, tomatoes, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fusilli with Tomato, Arugula, and Feta | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: Kosher salt to taste, plus 1 1/2 teaspoons; 1 pound fusilli pasta (corkscrews); 1/4 red onion, finely chopped (about 1/2 cup); 2 large ripe tomatoes (about 1 pound), diced; Freshly ground black pepper; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh oregano leaves (about 2 sprigs); 1 clove garlic; 1 red pepper, roasted, peeled, and seeded (see Cook's Note); 2 tablespoons white wine vinegar; 1/3 cup fruity extra-virgin olive oil; 2 bunches arugula, about 8 ounces, cleaned, stemmed, torn into pieces; 4 ounces French feta cheese, crumbled (about 1 cup) | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring a large pot of cold water to a boil over high heat, then salt it generously. Add the pasta and cook, stirring occasionally until al dente ?o tender but not mushy. Drain the pasta in a colander in the sink. Rinse with cold water, then shake off excess water. Meanwhile, put the onions in a small bowl of cold water. Put the tomatoes in a large bowl and season with 1 teaspoon of salt and some pepper. Chop the oregano with the garlic and the remaining 1/2 teaspoon salt. Then use the flat side of the knife to mash and smear the mixture to a coarse paste. Scatter garlic mixture over the tomatoe <END>
INPUT: mist, Aperol, lemon juice, Hefeweizenstyle Belgian beer, Lemon twist
OUTPUT: TITLE: Aperol Mist | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 ounce Aperol; 1 ounce fresh lemon juice; Hefeweizenstyle Belgian beer (such as Hoegaarden); Lemon twist | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine 1 ounce Aperol and 1 ounce fresh lemon juice in a pint glass filled with ice. Top off with Hefeweizenstyle Belgian beer (such as Hoegaarden). Garnish with a lemon twist. Combine 1 ounce Aperol and 1 ounce fresh lemon juice in a pint glass filled with ice. Top off with Hefeweizenstyle Belgian beer (such as Hoegaarden). Garnish with a lemon twist. <END>
INPUT: sweet onions, all purpose flour, Vegetable oil, cornstarch, paprika
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mom's Onion Rings | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 large sweet onions, cut into 1/2-inch-thick rings; 2 1/2 cups all-purpose flour; Vegetable oil, for frying; 1/2 cup cornstarch; 2 teaspoons paprika; 1 teaspoon cayenne; 1 teaspoon finely grated lime zest; Kosher salt; 1 1/2 cups milk; 1 cup club soda; 1 large egg | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 200 degrees F. Set a cooling rack over a baking sheet. Separate the onions into rings and put in a large bowl. Toss with 1/2 cup of the flour. Arrange the floured rings on the cooling rack; let stand for 15 minutes. Fill a large, wide pot with 2 inches of vegetable oil and heat to 365 degrees F over medium-high heat. In a large bowl, whisk the remaining 2 cups flour with the cornstarch, paprika, cayenne, lime zest and 1 1/2 teaspoons kosher salt. Add the milk, club soda and egg and whisk to combine. Working in 3 or 4 batches, add a small amount of the onions to the batter a <END>
INPUT: American, unsalted butter, sugar, egg yolk, heavy cream, vanilla extract
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate Macadamia Nut Pie | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 cup unsalted butter, at room temperature; 1/2 cup plus 1 teaspoon sugar; 1 egg yolk; 2 tablespoons plus 1 1/2 teaspoons heavy cream; 1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract; 2 cups cake flour; 1/4 cup cocoa powder; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 4 tablespoons unsalted butter; 2 ounces semisweet chocolate; 5 eggs; 1 cup sugar; 1 1/2 cups dark corn syrup; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; 2 1/2 cups halved macadamia nuts | INSTRUCTIONS: To prepare the crust, in a bowl, using an electric mixer on low speed, cream the butter and sugar together. Add the egg yolk, cream, and vanilla and mix well. In another bowl, sift together the flour, cocoa, and salt. Mix the flour mixture with the wet ingredients until incorporated. Press into a square on a piece of plastic wrap, wrap in the plastic, and refrigerate for 1 to 2 hours. Remove the dough from the refrigerator, unwrap, and knead on a floured work surface until the dough is pliable. If using a 10-inch fluted tart pan with a removable bottom, roll the dough out to 1/4-inch thick and <END>
INPUT: salad, papaya, cherry tomatoes, garlic, Thai bird chile, fish sauce
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spicy Green Papaya Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 ounce green papaya, shredded; 6 small cherry tomatoes; 2 garlic cloves; 1 small Thai bird chile; 2 tablespoons fish sauce; 2 tablespoons freshly squeezed lime or lemon juice; 1 teaspoon palm or cane sugar; 1 cabbage, sliced and chilled; Dried shrimp, for garnish; Ground peanuts, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: In a mixing bowl, combine the fish sauce, lime or lemon juice, and the sugar. Stir until the sugar is dissolved. Using a mortar and a wood pestle, pound the garlic and chili with a little bit of the papaya to prevent the pepper from spraying you in the eyes. Add the rest of the papaya, tomatoes and fish sauce mixture. Pound gently to blend then adjust seasoning. To serve, place a scoop of the salad in the middle of a plate surrounded by the sliced cabbage then garnish with the dried shrimp and ground peanuts. <END>
INPUT: American, bread, all purpose flour, fine grind polenta, Asiago cheese, scallion greens, granulated sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Damn Hot Polenta Bread | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups all-purpose flour; 1 1/2 cups fine grind polenta; 1 cup grated Asiago cheese; 1/3 cup finely sliced scallion greens; 1/4 cup granulated sugar; 2 tablespoons baking powder; 2 teaspoons baking soda; 1 1/2 teaspoons sea salt, preferably gray salt; 4 extra large eggs, whisked; 1 1/2 cups buttermilk; 1/4 pound unsalted butter, melted, plus more to cover if not serving immediately; 1/2 cup Damn Hot Peppers, recipe follows; Hot sauce, to taste; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1 pound green bell peppers, halved, seeded and cut into 1-inch pieces | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Generously butter a 9 by 13-inch baking dish; set aside. In a large bowl, stir the flour, polenta, cheese, scallions, sugar, baking powder, baking, soda and salt. In another bowl, whisk together the eggs, buttermilk, and melted butter. Add the liquid ingredients to the dry ingredients and stir with a rubber spatula just until blended; do not over-mix. Add 3/4 cup Damn Hot Peppers and then stir in hot sauce, to taste. Transfer the batter to the prepared pan and level it with a rubber spatula. Bake until the bread is golden brown and firm to the touch, about 35 <END>
INPUT: california, brick, Two free range, chipotle chile powder, ancho chile powder, smoked paprika, fennel seeds
OUTPUT: TITLE: California Brick Chicken with Apricot-Mint Chimichurri | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Two 4-to 5-pound whole free-range chickens; 1 tablespoon chipotle chile powder; 1 tablespoon ancho chile powder; 2 tablespoons smoked paprika; 2 teaspoons ground fennel seeds; 2 teaspoons garlic powder; 1 teaspoon onion powder; 1 teaspoon dried oregano; 1 teaspoon sugar; 1 tablespoon kosher salt; 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil; Apricot-Mint Chimichurri, recipe follows; 1/2 cup dried apricots; 1 teaspoon honey | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: Grill, 4 bricks wrapped in foil or a heavy cast-iron skillet, food processor or blender, instant-read meat thermometer Remove the backbone from one of the chickens. Split the breast plate and press down on the chicken in all joints to flatten it. Tuck the wings under so that the chicken lies flat. This will help it cook evenly. Repeat with the second chicken. In a small bowl, combine the chile powders, paprika, fennel, garlic powder, onion powder, oregano, sugar, salt, and pepper. Mix well, then rub the mixture all over the flattened chickens, making sure you get it into all <END>
INPUT: sweet potatoes, egg yolks, light sugar, lemon juice, nutmeg
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sweet-Potato Brûlée | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 lb sweet potatoes (2 or 3 large); 7 large egg yolks; 3 tablespoons packed light brown sugar; 1 teaspoon fresh lemon juice; 1/2 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 3 cups whole milk; 5 to 7 tablespoons turbinado sugar such as Sugar in the Raw; Special equipment: a shallow 2 1/2-qt flameproof baking dish such as a 12-inch quiche dish (1 3/4 inches deep); a small blowtorch | INSTRUCTIONS: Put oven rack in middle position and preheat oven to 400°F. Pierce potatoes all over with a fork. Bake in a foil-lined shallow baking pan until tender, about 1 hour. Remove from oven and reduce oven temperature to 300°F. When sweet potatoes are cool enough to handle, peel them. Cut warm potatoes into 2-inch pieces and purée in a food processor until smooth. Whisk together yolks, brown sugar, lemon juice, nutmeg, and salt in a large bowl until sugar is dissolved. Whisk in sweet-potato purée until combined, then gently stir in milk until combined. Pour mixture into baking dish and bake until cus <END>
INPUT: fish, citrus, grapefruit juice, lime juice, sake, mirin
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pan-Glazed Fish with Citrus and Soy | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 (4-ounce) pieces Spanish mackerel fillet, any bones removed; 1 tablespoon fresh grapefruit juice; 1 tablespoon fresh lime juice; 2 tablespoons sake; 3 tablespoons mirin (Japanese sweet rice wine); 3 tablespoons Japanese light soy sauce; 1 tablespoon water; 2 teaspoons sugar; 2 teaspoons vegetable oil; Garnish: lime slices | INSTRUCTIONS: Place fish in a flat-bottomed glass or ceramic dish just large enough to hold fillets in 1 layer. Stir together juices in a small bowl, then combine 1 tablespoon mixed juices with sake in another small bowl and pour over fillets. Marinate fish, covered, at room temperature, 10 minutes. Stir together mirin and 2 tablespoons soy sauce, then pour over fillets and marinate, covered, at room temperature, 5 minutes more (or in refrigerator up to 1 hour). Remove fish from marinade and pat dry. Discard marinade. Stir together water, sugar, and remaining tablespoon each mixed juices and soy sauce in a  <END>
INPUT: Brussels sprouts, olive oil, paper pancetta, garlic, Salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Brussels Sprouts with Pancetta | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound fresh Brussels sprouts, trimmed; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 3 ounces paper-thin slices pancetta, coarsely chopped; 2 garlic cloves, minced; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 3/4 cup low-salt chicken broth | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Partially cook the Brussels sprouts in a large pot of boiling salted water, about 4 minutes. Drain. Meanwhile, heat the oil in a heavy large skillet over medium heat. Add the pancetta and saute until beginning to crisp, about 3 minutes. Add the garlic and saute until pale golden, about 2 minutes. Add the Brussels sprouts to the same skillet and saute until heated through and beginning to brown, about 5 minutes. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Add the broth and simmer until the broth reduces just enough to coat the Brussels sprouts, about 3 minutes. Serve. <END>
INPUT: salad, shaved, orange juice, grapefruit, lemon juice, virgin olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Salad of Shaved Artichokes and Sunchokes with Grapefruit and Chicories | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 ounces orange juice; 1 grapefruit; 2 tablespoons lemon juice; 5 ounces extra-virgin olive oil; 1 (6 to 7 ounce) sunchokes (Jerusalem artichokes), peeled and thinly sliced; 4 large artichokes, cleaned with stems and chokes removed, hearts sliced very thin; 1 ounce mixed chicories (frisee, radicchio, endive), cut into small pieces; 1 teaspoon chopped chives | INSTRUCTIONS: Reduce the orange juice until thick and bubbly, to a syrup. Cool and reserve. Section grapefruit by removing the peel and pith with a knife, and then cutting between the membranes. Squeeze the remaining grapefruit for its juice; reserve juice. Whisk together 1 tablespoon of the lemon juice, 1 tablespoon grapefruit juice, and the reduced orange juice. Whisk in 3 ounces of the oil to make an emulsified vinaigrette. Adjust seasoning. Mix together the remaining lemon juice, 1 tablespoon grapefruit juice and the remaining oil to make a loose vinaigrette. Adjust seasoning. Toss the chicories with th <END>
INPUT: tapenade, crusted, branches thyme, rosemary, olive oil, garlic, onions
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tapenade Crusted Salmon and Orzo with Roasted Red Onions | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 branches fresh thyme; 2 sprigs fresh rosemary; 1/4 cup olive oil; 4 cloves garlic, coarsely chopped; 2 large red onions, diced; Salt and freshly ground pepper; 2 tablespoons butter; 1 pound orzo, cooked al dente; 3 fresh plum tomatoes, quartered; 1 1/2 cups Nicoise olives, pitted; 4 cloves garlic, peeled; 3 anchovy fillets; 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice; 2 tablespoons pine nuts; 1/4 cup olive oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Roasted Onions: Preheat oven to 425 degrees F. Combine all of the ingredients, except the onions in a medium shallow baking dish. Add the onions, toss them in the mixture and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Cover the onions with foil and roast for 20 minutes. Remove the foil and continue roasting until tender, about 35 to 40 minutes, basting with the juices several times. In a saute pan place butter and melt. Add orzo and tomatoes. Toss until orzo is cooked through. Place the orzo in a large bowl and spoon the onions and the cooking liquid over the pasta. Tapenade: Place all ingredients <END>
INPUT: rice flour, water, Few dashes hot, Salt pepper, fine cornmeal
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fried Green Tomato BLT with Remoulade Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup rice flour; 1 cup water; Few dashes hot sauce (recommended: Tabasco); Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 cups fine yellow cornmeal; 3 green tomatoes, sliced 1/4-inch thick; Canola oil, for frying; 8 slices pain de mie, or other white sandwich bread, lightly toasted; Remoulade Sauce, recipe follows; 1 pound applewood-smoked bacon, thinly sliced about 1/8-inch thick, cooked until crisp; Watercress; 2 egg yolks; 1 teaspoon fresh lemon juice; 1 teaspoon white wine vinegar; Canola oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Whisk together the flour and water in a shallow bowl until smooth. Season with hot sauce, salt, and pepper. Spread the cornmeal onto a plate and season with salt and pepper. Pat the tomatoes dry with paper towels. Heat 1-inch of oil in a cast-iron pan over medium-high heat until it begins to shimmer. Season the tomatoes on both sides with salt and pepper. Dip each tomato into the batter and let the excess drip off. Dredge in the cornmeal and pat off the excess. Fry the tomatoes, in batches, until golden brown on both sides. Spread both sides of the bread with some of the Remoulade Sauce. Top 1 <END>
INPUT: salad, coleslaw, beets, olive oil, balsamic vinegar, horseradish, very cabbage
OUTPUT: TITLE: Whitefish Salad and Roasted Beet Coleslaw | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 large beets (2 to 2 1/4 pounds); 6 tablespoons olive oil; 3 1/2 tablespoons balsamic vinegar; 1 tablespoon prepared white horseradish; 4 cups very thinly sliced red cabbage; 1 1/2 cups thinly sliced red onion; 2 pounds whitefish fillets with skin; 1/2 cup mayonnaise; 1/4 cup slightly drained prepared white horseradish; 1/4 cup chopped fresh tarragon | INSTRUCTIONS: for coleslaw: Preheat oven to 425°F. Trim beet tops. Wrap each beet in foil. Roast until tender, about 1 1/2 hours. Cool in foil. Peel beets and grate coarsely. Blend oil, vinegar and horseradish in large bowl. Mix in beets, cabbage and onion. Season with salt and pepper. Cover; chill 2 days, tossing occasionally. Preheat oven to 425°F. Trim beet tops. Wrap each beet in foil. Roast until tender, about 1 1/2 hours. Cool in foil. Peel beets and grate coarsely. Blend oil, vinegar and horseradish in large bowl. Mix in beets, cabbage and onion. Season with salt and pepper. Cover; chill 2 days, toss <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, snaps, virgin olive oil, lemon juice, garlic, lemon peel, Israeli couscous
OUTPUT: TITLE: Israeli Couscous with Asparagus, Peas, and Sugar Snaps | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 4 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, divided; 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 2 large garlic cloves, minced, divided; 1/2 teaspoon finely grated lemon peel; 1 1/3 cups Israeli couscous (6 to 7 ounces); 1 3/4 cups (or more) vegetable broth; 14 ounces slender asparagus spears, trimmed, cut diagonally into 3/4-inch pieces (about 2 1/2 cups); 8 ounces sugar snap peas, trimmed, cut diagonally into 1/2-inch pieces (about 2 1/2 cups); 1 cup shelled fresh green peas or frozen, thawed; 1/3 cup chopped fresh chives; 1/2 cup finely grated Parmesan cheese | INSTRUCTIONS: Whisk 2 tablespoons oil, lemon juice, 1 garlic clove, and lemon peel in small bowl; set dressing aside. Heat 1 tablespoon oil in heavy medium saucepan over medium heat. Add couscous, sprinkle with salt, and sauté until most of couscous is golden brown, about 5 minutes. Add 1 3/4 cups broth, increase heat, and bring to boil. Reduce heat to medium-low, cover, and simmer until liquid is absorbed and couscous is tender, about 10 minutes, adding more broth by tablespoonfuls if too dry. Meanwhile, heat remaining 1 tablespoon oil in heavy large nonstick skillet over high heat. Add asparagus, sugar sn <END>
INPUT: Italian, salad, good olive oil, lemon zest, lemon juice, shallots, celery seed
OUTPUT: TITLE: Celery and Parmesan Salad | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup good olive oil; 2 teaspoons grated lemon zest; 1/4 cup plus 1 tablespoon freshly squeezed lemon juice (3 lemons); 2 tablespoons minced shallots; 1 teaspoon celery seed; 1/2 teaspoon celery salt; 1/2 teaspoon anchovy paste; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 5 cups thinly sliced celery hearts, tender leaves included, sliced on an angle (about 12 stalks); 4-ounce chunk aged Parmesan cheese; 2/3 cup toasted walnuts, coarsely chopped; Whole flat-leaf parsley leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. At least 1 hour before you plan to serve the salad, whisk together the olive oil, lemon zest, 1/4 cup of lemon juice, the shallots, celery seed, celery salt, anchovy paste, 2 teaspoons salt, and 1 teaspoon pepper. Place the celery in a mixing bowl and toss it with the remaining 1 tablespoon of lemon juice and 1/2 teaspoon of salt. (Even though these ingredients are in the dressing, believe me-this step makes a difference.) Add enough dressing to moisten well. Cover and refrigerate for at least an hour to allow the celery to crisp and the flavors to develop. When  <END>
INPUT: American, crust, all purpose flour, pretzels, salt, butter butter flavored, ice water
OUTPUT: TITLE: Banana Cream Pie with a Pretzel Crust | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup all-purpose flour; 3/4 cup finely crushed pretzels, butter flavored pretzels suggested, plus more for garnish; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 9 tablespoons butter or butter flavored shortening, room temperature; 3 tablespoons ice cold water; 8 ounces cream cheese, softened; 1 cup powdered sugar; 1 cup whipped topping, plus 3 cups; 4 large bananas, sliced; 1 (3-ounce) package instant vanilla pudding; 1 1/4 cups milk | INSTRUCTIONS: Crust: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. In a large mixing bowl, combine the flour, pretzels, salt, and butter until texture is crumbly. Add water, and mix well. Roll with rolling pin until you have a nice thin even crust, large enough for a deep-dish pie plate. Place in pie plate (crust is very fragile and will fall apart but pinches back together nicely) flute edges, poke with fork and bake for 12 minutes. Cool completely. Filling: In medium mixing bowl, combine cream cheese, powdered sugar, and 1 cup whipped topping. Spread cream cheese mixture on top of the cooled pretzel crust. Slice ban <END>
INPUT: American, crust, bar cream cheese, psyllium husk powder, flax seeds, chia seeds
OUTPUT: TITLE: Gluten-Free Pie Crust | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 6 ounces bar cream cheese; 3/4 cup (1 1/2 sticks) unsalted butter; 3/4 teaspoon psyllium husk powder; 2 1/4 teaspoons whole flax seeds; 1 1/2 teaspoons whole chia seeds; 3/4 teaspoon fine sea salt; 1/2 teaspoon baking powder; 2 1/4 cups rice-based gluten-free all-purpose flour*; 1 1/2 teaspoons cider vinegar; 3 to 5 tablespoons ice water | INSTRUCTIONS: Cut the cream cheese and butter into 1/2-inch pieces, place in a bowl, and freeze for 15 minutes. Use a coffee or spice grinder or mortar and pestle to grind the psyllium, flax and chia seeds to a fine powder. Transfer to the bowl of a food processor along with the salt, baking powder, and flour. Pulse a few times to combine. Add the butter and cream cheese and pulse until the texture of the crumbs resembles sand, about 20 seconds. While pulsing the food processor, add vinegar and then 3 tablespoons ice water. Squeeze a small amount of dough between your fingers; if it is very crumbly, add mor <END>
INPUT: Creole mustard other, wine vinegar, vegetable oil, flat leaf parsley, bottled horseradish
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Shrimp Rémoulade | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup Creole mustard* or other coarse-grain mustard; 1/4 cup white-wine vinegar; 2/3 cup plus 1/4 cup vegetable oil; 3 tablespoons minced fresh flat-leaf parsley; 2 1/2 tablespoons drained bottled horseradish; 2 1/2 tablespoons minced dill pickle; 2 tablespoons minced scallion greens; 2 teaspoons paprika (not hot); 1 1/2 teaspoons cayenne; 2 1/4 teaspoons salt; 1 teaspoon black pepper; 3 lb large shrimp in shell (21 to 25 per lb); Special equipment: 14 (12-inch) wooden skewers | INSTRUCTIONS: To make rémoulade, whisk together mustard and vinegar in a large bowl until combined well, then whisk in 2/3 cup oil with parsley, horseradish, pickle, scallion, paprika, cayenne, 1 1/4 teaspoons salt, and 1/2 teaspoon black pepper. Snip through shells of shrimp down middle of back using scissors, exposing vein and leaving tail and first segment of shell intact. Devein shrimp, leaving shells in place. (Shells will prevent shrimp from becoming tough on outside when grilled.) Toss shrimp with remaining 1/4 cup oil, remaining teaspoon salt, and remaining 1/2 teaspoon black pepper in a large bowl, <END>
INPUT: crusted, sliced, Dijon mustard, kosher salt, thyme, pepper, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Garlic Crusted Sliced Pork Loin with Fresh Succotash | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup Dijon mustard; 1 tablespoon kosher salt; 1 tablespoon fresh thyme, chopped fine; 1/2 teaspoon black pepper; 3 garlic cloves, minced fine; 3 pounds boneless pork loin, trimmed and tied; 2 cups frozen baby lima beans, or fresh shelling beans; Kosher salt; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 4 to 6 ears fresh sweet corn scraped from the cob (you will need 2 cups total – a little more is ok); 1/3 cup heavy cream; 1 teaspoon sugar; Freshly ground black pepper; 2 shakes paprika; 2 tablespoons chopped flat-leaf parsley | INSTRUCTIONS: Make the pork loin: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Place the first 5 ingredients in the bowl of a mini chopper. Process until the mixture resembles a coarse paste. Rub the paste over the surface of the pork and allow the pork to sit for 30 minutes at room temperature, or in the refrigerator for up to 6 hours¿leave roast at room temperature for 30 minutes before roasting if refrigerated. Roast the pork for 30 to 50 minutes, check temperature with a meat thermometer. The temperature should read 140 degrees F. Remove the pork as soon as it reaches the correct temperature, cover with foil and  <END>
INPUT: bites, sheet puff pastry, crumbled bacon bits, mascarpone, seedless grapes, flat leaf parsley
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mascarpone and Grape Puff Pastry Bites | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 sheet frozen puff pastry, thawed; 1/4 cup store-bought crumbled bacon bits; 1/2 cup mascarpone; 1/2 cup halved seedless grapes; 2 tablespoons chopped flat-leaf parsley | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. Unfold puff pastry and cut into 3 equal pieces along the fold. Roll each sheet out slightly. Using a 2 1/2-inch cutter, cut 4 rounds out of each strip, giving you 12 rounds total. Using a 1 1/2-inch cutter, press into each round, making a solid indentation without cutting completely through the pastry. Place rounds on a baking sheet lined with parchment paper and top with a baking rack. This will keep the rounds uniform and even as they puff up during baking. Bake until rounds are golden, about 20 to 25 minutes. Transfer to a rack to cool slightly, about 5 minute <END>
INPUT: Italian turkey sausage, virgin olive oil, assorted bell peppers, bulb fennel, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Turkey Sausage and Peppers | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/4 pounds lean Italian turkey sausage; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 3 assorted bell peppers, thinly sliced; 1 bulb fennel, trimmed and chopped; 1 large onion, cut into wedges; Kosher salt; 3 cloves garlic, minced; 1 teaspoon chopped fresh rosemary; 1/2 teaspoon red pepper flakes; 1/2 teaspoon fennel seeds (optional); 1 15-ounce can no-salt-added diced tomatoes; 12 basil leaves, chopped, plus more for topping | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the broiler. Pierce the sausages all over with a fork, arrange on a baking sheet and broil, turning halfway through, until golden brown, about 8 minutes (they will not be fully cooked). Transfer to a cutting board and cut in half on the diagonal. Meanwhile, heat the olive oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Add the bell peppers, fennel and onion and cook, stirring, until they soften slightly, 3 minutes. Add 1/2 teaspoon salt, the garlic, rosemary, red pepper flakes and fennel seeds. Cook, stirring, 1 more minute. Stir in 1/2 cup water, the tomatoes and basil. Reduce the heat  <END>
INPUT: Italian, Kosher salt, linguine, virgin olive oil, garlic, panko
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cauliflower-Onion Linguine | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: Kosher salt; 12 ounces linguine; 4 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 2 cloves garlic, minced; 1/4 cup panko (Japanese breadcrumbs); 1/2 cup fried onions, chopped; 4 cups cauliflower florets, roughly chopped; 1/2 to 1 teaspoon red pepper flakes; 1/4 cup grated parmesan cheese, plus more for topping; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh basil; 1/4 cup pine nuts | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add the pasta and cook as the label directs. Reserve 1 cup cooking water, then drain the pasta. Return to the pot and toss with 1 tablespoon olive oil. Meanwhile, heat 2 tablespoons olive oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Add the garlic and cook about 30 seconds. Add the panko and fried onions and cook, stirring, until lightly toasted, about 3 minutes. Transfer to a plate; wipe out the skillet. Heat the remaining 1 tablespoon olive oil in the skillet over medium-high heat. Add the cauliflower and cook until the edges brown, about 4 minutes. A <END>
INPUT: American, herb, olive oil, garlic, flat leaf parsley, basil leaves, thyme
OUTPUT: TITLE: Goat Cheese and Herb Stuffed Radicchio Leaves | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup olive oil; 3 cloves garlic, minced; 1/4 cup chopped fresh flat-leaf parsley; 1/4 cup chopped fresh basil leaves; 1 teaspoon dried thyme; 3 scallions, finely chopped; 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt; 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 11 ounces goat cheese, frozen for 15 minutes and sliced into 12 (1/2-inch) pieces; 12 radicchio leaves, cleaned | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Special Equipment: a deep-fry thermometer In a small saucepan, heat the olive oil over medium heat until a deep-fry thermometer registers 300 degrees F. Remove from heat and allow to cool for 5 minutes. Combine the garlic, parsley, basil, thyme, and scallions in a small, heat-resistant glass bowl. Carefully pour the warm oil over the herb mixture, Add the salt and pepper. Mix well. Spoon a thin layer of the herb mixture on the bottom of an 8 by 8-inch square glass baking dish. Arrange the goat cheese slices in a single layer on top. Spoon the remaining herb mixtu <END>
INPUT: Asian, medallions, pork tenderloin, Salt, pepper, sesame oil, apricot preserves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Apricot-Glazed Pork Medallions | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound pork tenderloin, cut crosswise into 1/2-inch thick rounds; Salt; Ground black pepper; 2 teaspoons sesame oil; 1 1/4 cups apricot preserves; 1/4 cup tamari sauce; 1 tablespoon chopped pickled ginger | INSTRUCTIONS: Season both sides of pork with salt and black pepper. Heat oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Add pork and sear 2 minutes per side. Add apricot preserves, tamari sauce and ginger and bring to a simmer. Simmer 5 minutes, until pork is cooked through and sauce reduces. <END>
INPUT: garlic, flat leaf parsley, oregano leaves, kosher salt, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Garlic Bread | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 large garlic cloves, chopped; 1/4 cup chopped flat-leaf parsley; 1/4 cup chopped fresh oregano leaves; 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt; Freshly ground black pepper; 1/2 cup good olive oil; 1 loaf ciabatta bread; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Place the garlic in the bowl of a food processor and process until minced. Add the parsley, oregano, salt and pepper and pulse twice. Heat the olive oil in a medium saute pan and add the garlic mixture. Remove the pan from the heat. Slice the ciabatta bread in half horizontally, and spread the butter on 1 half. Spread the garlic mixture on the other half of the bread, and put the halves together. Wrap the bread in aluminum foil. Place the bread in the oven and bake for 5 minutes. Open the foil, and continue baking for an additio <END>
INPUT: American, chicken leg quarters, barbecue sauce, seasoning rub, apple cider vinegar
OUTPUT: TITLE: BBQ Chicken | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 3 pounds chicken leg quarters; 2 1/2 cups barbecue sauce (recommended: Butch's Smack Your Lips Mild BBQ Sauce); 1/4 cup seasoning rub (recommended: Butch's Smack Your Lips Magic Dust); 1/4 cup apple cider vinegar | INSTRUCTIONS: Put the chicken in a non-reactive bowl. Combine 2 cups barbecue sauce, the seasoning rub, and vinegar and pour it over the chicken. Cover and marinate the chicken in the refrigerator at least 4 hours, preferably overnight. Preheat the oven or smoker to 225 degrees F. Remove the chicken and shake off the excess marinade. If cooking in an oven, place on a rack over a pan to catch drippings. If cooking in a smoker, place directly on a rack. Use your favorite wood, I use New Jersey hickory. Cook until the internal temperature, using an instant-read thermometer, registers 165 degrees F, about 1 1/2 <END>
INPUT: American, soft margarine, bread, VELVEETA Pasteurized Cheese
OUTPUT: TITLE: VELVEETA Ultimate Grilled Cheese | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 8 tsp. soft margarine; 8 slices white bread; 6 oz. VELVEETA Pasteurized Prepared Cheese Product, sliced | INSTRUCTIONS: Fill bread slices with VELVEETA. Spread outsides of sandwiches with margarine. Cook in skillet on medium heat 3 min. on each side or until golden brown on both sides. <END>
INPUT: American, pumpkin, sugar, salt, nutmeg
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pumpkin Pie | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 (9-inch) pie shell , blind baked (see Cooks' note); 1 2/3 cups canned pumpkin; 1/2 cup sugar; 1 teaspoon salt; Pinch ground nutmeg; Pinch ground cinnamon; Pinch ground cloves; 1/2 cup nonfat dry milk powder; 2 tablespoons all-purpose flour; 2 large eggs | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. Preheat the oven to 300°F. 2. In a medium bowl, stir together the pumpkin, sugar, salt, nutmeg, cinnamon, cloves, and milk powder. Add 1 2/3 cups water, along with the flour and eggs, and whisk until completely blended. 3. Place the blind-baked pie shell on a baking sheet and fill with the prepared filling. Bake until the filling sets and the crust browns, 35 to 40 minutes. Let the pie rest at least 1 hour before slicing and serving. 1. Preheat the oven to 300°F. 2. In a medium bowl, stir together the pumpkin, sugar, salt, nutmeg, cinnamon, cloves, and milk powder. Add 1 2/3 cups water, alo <END>
INPUT: Mexican, breakfast, strata, chorizo sausage, milk, eggs, cumin, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Green Chili and Chorizo Breakfast Strata | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 14 to 16 ounces chorizo sausage, casing removed; 2 1/2 cups whole milk; 5 large eggs; 1 teaspoon ground cumin; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/4 teaspoon ground black pepper; 6 6 1/2x4 1/2-inch slices sourdough bread, crusts trimmed; 1 3/4 cups shredded hot pepper Monterey Jack cheese (about 7 ounces); 1 4-ounce can chopped mild green chilies, drained; 1/2 cup chopped fresh cilantro | INSTRUCTIONS: Butter 8-cup soufflé or baking dish. Sauté chorizo in heavy large skillet over medium-low heat until cooked through, about 15 minutes. Using slotted spoon, transfer chorizo to plate lined with paper towels; drain well. Whisk next 5 ingredients in large bowl to blend. Place 2 bread slices in bottom of prepared dish. Sprinkle with 3/4 cup cheese and half each of chilies, cilantro and chorizo. Pour 1/3 of egg mixture over. Repeat layering with 2 bread slices, 3/4 cup cheese and remaining chilies, cilantro and chorizo. Pour half of remaining egg mixture over. Top with 2 bread slices. Pour remainin <END>
INPUT: creme fraiche, truffle oil, smoked salmon, lump crabmeat
OUTPUT: TITLE: Ultimate Should Be a $1000 Pizza | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup creme fraiche; 2 teaspoons truffle oil; One 12-inch, thin pizza crust, cooked and cooled; One 4-ounce package smoked salmon; 1 cup lump crabmeat; One 2-ounce jar black lumpfish caviar; One 2-ounce jar red lumpfish caviar; One 2-ounce jar white lumpfish caviar; Fresh chives, finely chopped for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Mix the creme fraiche with the truffle oil and spread it evenly over the crust. Place the smoked salmon slices on top in one layer. Sprinkle the crabmeat evenly over the pizza. Dollop the caviars onto the pizza. Garnish with chives. <END>
INPUT: Italian parsley, chicken broth, each salt pepper, olive oil, Vegetable oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Halibut with Vegetable Ragoût | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup Italian parsley (leaves only); 1/4 cup chicken broth; 1 tsp each salt and black pepper; 1/4 cup plus 1 tbsp olive oil; Vegetable-oil cooking spray; 2 tsp minced fresh garlic; 1 tbsp minced shallots; 2 cups sliced mushrooms; 2 cups green onions, sliced on the diagonal; 1 tbsp chopped fresh thyme; 1 tbsp chopped fresh oregano; 2 tbsp dry white wine; 1 cup blanched and peeled fava beans; 1 1/2 lb boiled red potatoes, sliced; 6 halibut fillets (6 to 8 oz each) | INSTRUCTIONS: Raise oven rack to top and turn on broiler. Blend parsley, broth, 1/2 tsp salt, 1/2 tsp pepper and 1/4 cup oil in food processor on low for 2 minutes. Set aside. Coat medium-sized sauté pan with cooking spray, then add garlic and shallots; cook 1 minute. Mix in mushrooms and green onions and cook 5 minutes, stirring constantly. Add thyme, oregano, and wine, stirring until liquid thickens. Add beans, potatoes, and parsley-oil mix. Brush halibut with 1 tbsp oil, season with remaining salt and pepper and broil 2 or 3 minutes on each side or until firm. Serve immediately in a bowl with ragout. Rai <END>
INPUT: Mexican, cocktail, limeade, lime
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lime Beer Cocktail | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 (6-pack) light beer; 1 can frozen limeade; 1 lime, sliced in half | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Pour beer into a large pitcher. Add still-frozen limeade and stir to combine. (Stirring with a metal utensil can reduce foam.) Allow foam to settle. Squeeze half a lime into pitcher. Finely slice the other lime half and place into pitcher, for garnish. Pour into chilled glasses and serve cold. <END>
INPUT: bread, cornmeal, all purpose flour, baking powder, baking soda, kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Corn Bread | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cups white cornmeal; 1/2 cup all-purpose flour; 1/2 teaspoon baking powder; 1/2 teaspoon baking soda; 1 teaspoon kosher salt; 1 large egg, lightly beaten; 1 1/2 cups well-shaken buttermilk; 1 1/2 sticks (3/4 cups) unsalted butter, melted; Special equipment: 1 (10-inch) well-seasoned cast-iron skillet | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat dry skillet in upper and lower thirds of oven while preheating oven to 450 degrees F. Whisk together cornmeal, flour, baking powder, baking soda, and salt. Add egg, buttermilk, and 1/2 cup melted butter, then quickly stir together. Remove hot skillet from oven. Divide remaining 1/4 cup melted butter between them, then divide batter between pans. Bake in upper and lower thirds of oven, switching position of pans halfway through baking, until golden and a tester inserted in center comes out clean, 15 to 20 minutes total. <END>
INPUT: sauce, sweet romesco pepper, slice bread, blanched almonds, Salt pepper, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Knob Onions with Romesco Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 sweet dried red romesco pepper, (or substitute a roasted red bell pepper); 1 slice bread, toasted; 10 blanched almonds, toasted; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 4 cloves garlic, peeled; 1 tomato, peeled, seeded and chopped; 1/3 cup olive oil; 1 to 2 tablespoons warm water; 12 to 16 knob onions, or calcots | INSTRUCTIONS: Prepare the romesco sauce: If using a dried pepper, remove the stem and seeds from the pepper and soak in warm water for 1 hour, or until softened. Scrape off the flesh and discard skin. If using a roasted pepper, remove the charred skin, stem, and seeds, and chop. Set aside. In a food processor, finely chop the bread and almonds. Add the salt, pepper, garlic, tomato and reserved flesh of the pepper. Process to a smooth paste. With the motor running, add the olive oil in a thin stream, until mixture is the consistency of a thick, creamy sauce. Add the warm water as needed to help thin the sauc <END>
INPUT: heirloom tomatoes, ahi tuna, garlic, virgin olive oil, wine vinegar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Seared Tuna on Heirloom Tomatoes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 heirloom tomatoes, thickly sliced into 5 slices each; 6 ounces ahi tuna; 2 cloves garlic, crushed; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1 tablespoon red wine vinegar; 1/2 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes; 8 green olives, pitted and chopped; 1 teaspoon salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Arrange tomatoes on a serving platter. Heat a cast-iron grill over high heat until very hot. Quickly sear tuna on each side for 1 minute per side. Remove from heat. Mix the garlic, olive oil, vinegar, red pepper flakes, and olives in a bowl and set aside. Thinly slice tuna. Add to bowl with olive oil mixture and toss until well coated. Spoon over tomatoes, sprinkle lightly with salt, and serve. <END>
INPUT: soy sauce, rice wine vinegar, Bonito stock, salt, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sauteed Scallops with Cucumber and Kiwi | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons soy sauce; 2 tablespoons rice wine vinegar; 1 1/2 tablespoons Bonito stock; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/2 teaspoon sugar; 4 large scallops; Sichimi (Japanese red pepper blend); 2 kiwi fruit, peeled and mashed; 1/2 cucumber, sliced thin; 1/8 cup Tosazu, recipe above | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine sauce ingredients in a saucepan. Heat but do not bring to a boil. For variation, feel free to add orange juice, lemon or lime juice. Before cooking, place scallops in salted ice water to renew; pat dry. Season with Sichimi and saute. Place scallops on a plate with the kiwi, cucumbers and the sauce. <END>
INPUT: Sicilian olives, lemon, handful rosemary, handful thyme, handful basil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Marinated Olives | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups large green Sicilian olives; 1 lemon, zest cut in strips; 1 handful fresh rosemary sprigs, needles stripped from the stems; 1 handful fresh thyme sprigs, leaves stripped from the stems; 1 handful fresh basil, hand-torn; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; Extra-virgin olive oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Put the olives in a shallow bowl, add the lemon strips and herbs; season with salt and pepper. Toss gently with your hands to combine. Cover with olive oil and let marinate for 30 to 45 minutes. Serve as a noshing platter alongside the fried zucchini flowers. <END>
INPUT: Hickory chips, apple cider, water, kosher salt, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Smoked Cider Brisket | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Hickory chips, for smoking; 4 cups apple cider; 12 cups cold water; 1/2 cup kosher salt; 1/4 cup sugar; 1 tablespoon black peppercorns; 2 bay leaves; 1 (5 to-6 pound) beef brisket, fat cap 1/4 to 1/2-inch thick; 1 tablespoon kosher salt; 1 tablespoon paprika; 1 tablespoon freshly ground black pepper; 1 tablespoon sugar; 1 tablespoon onion powder; 2 tablespoons butter; 2 tablespoons whole grain mustard | INSTRUCTIONS: Soak the hickory chips in water for 1 hour before grilling. For the brine: Combine the apple cider and water in a large, oval Dutch oven. Add the salt and sugar and stir until it dissolves. Add the black peppercorns and bay leaves. Add the brisket and let soak in the brine solution for up to 3 hours in the refrigerator. For the rub: Combine the salt, paprika, pepper, sugar, and onion powder together in a bowl. For the sauce: Add all the ingredients to a saucepan and simmer for 5 minutes so the butter can melt and the flavors can marry. For the brisket: Set up your smoker with charcoal and hick <END>
INPUT: rellenos, eight ten chiles, mild Cheddar, all purpose flour, salt, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chiles Rellenos | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: eight to ten 7-inch green chiles (Anaheims, poblanos, or Big Jims)*, roasted and peeled, seeds intact, stems attached (procedure follows); 3/4 pound grated mild Cheddar (about 3 cups); 1/2 cup all-purpose flour; 2 1/2 teaspoons salt; 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; vegetable shortening for frying; 4 large egg yolks, beaten; 4 large egg whites, beaten until foamy; 1/4 pound grated sharp Cheddar (about 1 cup); Accompaniment: prepared salsa (optional); *available at Hispanic markets and some specialty foods shops | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat broiler. Carefully cut a lengthwise slit in each chile and stuff with some Cheddar. Combine flour, salt, and pepper and dredge chiles. In a large saucepan, heat 1/2 inch shortening to 375°F. on a deep-fat thermometer. Fold yolks into egg whites. Working with 2 chiles at a time, using a slotted spoon, dip chiles into eggs and fry, turning occasionally, until golden, no more than a couple of minutes. With a slotted spoon transfer chiles (careful — they are delicate!) to paper towels to drain. Arrange chiles on a flameproof plate and sprinkle with sharp Cheddar. Broil chiles just long eno <END>
INPUT: apples, Salt pepper taste, pork chops, olive oil, shallots, apple
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pork Chops with Caramelized Apples and Arugula | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Salt and freshly ground black pepper to taste; 2 pork chops; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1 cup finely chopped shallots; 1 medium green apple, cut into 1/2-inch cubes; 1 garlic clove, chopped; 1/2 cup brandy; 1 cup apple juice (ideally fresh); 2 teaspoons fresh rosemary, finely chopped; 1 cup chicken stock; 1 tablespoon unsalted butter; 2 cups arugula, washed and dried | INSTRUCTIONS: Flavor Secrets: To prepare a brine, combine 1 cup water, 1/4 cup kosher salt, and 1/4 cup brown sugar. Bring to a boil for 1 minute to dissolve the salt and sugar. Remove from the heat and cool. Stir in 3 cups cold water. Submerge the meat in the brine for at least 4 hours. 1. For maximum juiciness, brine the pork chops for 4 hours if you can (see Flavor Secrets, above). Pat the pork chops dry with a paper towel and season with salt and pepper. 2. In a saute pan over medium-high heat, add the olive oil. Heat the oil until it just starts to haze. Add the pork chops and saute until golden on bot <END>
INPUT: strawberry, sorbet, water, sugar, hulled strawberries, lime juice, Shortbread cookies
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fresh Strawberry Sorbet with Shortbread Cookies | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup water; 1 cup sugar; 4 cups quartered hulled fresh strawberries (about 18 ounces) plus additional whole strawberries for garnish; 3 tablespoons fresh lime juice; Shortbread cookies | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine 1 cup water and sugar in medium saucepan. Stir over medium-high heat until sugar dissolves and mixture comes to boil. Reduce heat and simmer 5 minutes. Transfer to bowl and chill until cold. Puree quartered strawberries in processor until smooth. Add lime juice and sugar syrup; process until blended. Chill mixture until cold, about 1 hour. Transfer strawberry mixture to ice cream maker and process according to manufacturer's instructions. Spoon sorbet into container; cover and freeze until firm, about 4 hours. DO AHEAD Can be made 3 days ahead. Keep frozen. Scoop sorbet into individual <END>
INPUT: hash, skinned sweet potatoes, canola oil, onions
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sweet Potato Hash | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 pounds red-skinned sweet potatoes (yams), peeled, cut into 1/2-inch cubes (about 8 cups); 4 tablespoons (1/2 stick) unsalted butter, divided; 1/4 cup canola oil; 3 cups coarsely chopped onions (about 2 large); 1/2 cup (packed) golden brown sugar; 2 teaspoons pumpkin pie spice | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook potatoes in large pot of boiling salted water until slightly softened, about 4 minutes. Drain. Rinse under cold water to cool; drain. Transfer to large bowl. Melt 1 tablespoon butter with oil in heavy large skillet over medium-high heat. Add onions and sauté until deep golden brown, about 10 minutes. Transfer to bowl with potatoes. DO AHEAD: Potatoes and onions can be prepared 1 day ahead. Cover and chill. Add brown sugar and pumpkin pie spice to potatoes; toss. Melt remaining 3 tablespoons butter in large nonstick skillet over medium heat. Add potatoes to skillet; spread in even layer, p <END>
INPUT: greens, portobellos, portobello mushrooms, olive oil, garlic, parsley, water
OUTPUT: TITLE: White Cheddar Polenta with Sauteed Greens and Garlic-Roasted Portobellos | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 medium portobello mushrooms; 3 1/2 tablespoons olive oil; 3 garlic cloves, minced; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh parsley; 4 cups water; 1 1/2 teaspoons salt; 1 cup polenta (coarse cornmeal) or yellow cornmeal; 2 tablespoons (1/4 stick) butter; 1 cup (packed) grated sharp white cheddar cheese (about 4 ounces); 1 large bunch Swiss chard, ribs cut away, leaves cut in 3x1-inch strips; 1 10-ounce bag fresh spinach leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 400°F. Oil 11x7x2-inch glass baking dish. Remove stems from mushrooms and chop finely; place in prepared baking dish. Using small spoon, scrape away dark gills from underside of mushrooms and discard. Cut each mushroom cap into 8 wedges; add to baking dish with chopped mushroom stems. Drizzle with 1 1/2 tablespoons oil. Sprinkle with 1 minced garlic clove, parsley, salt and pepper and toss to coat. Bake until tender, 25 minutes. Meanwhile, combine 4 cups water and 1 1/2 teaspoons salt in large saucepan. Bring to boil. Gradually whisk in polenta. Reduce heat to low. Cook until p <END>
INPUT: assorted wild exotic, unsalted butter, shallots, chicken stock, Reserved juice from
OUTPUT: TITLE: Braised Exotic Mushrooms | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 pounds assorted wild and exotic mushrooms, such as morels, chanterelles, shiitake or oyster mushrooms; 1/4 cup melted unsalted butter; 3 large shallots, peeled and finelychopped; 1 cup of chicken stock; Reserved juice from soaking dried mushrooms if any; 1/4 cup dry white vermouth; 1/2 cup heavy cream; 3 tablespoons chopped fresh thyme; 3 tablespoons chopped chives; 1 teaspoon each salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Remove any hard fibrous stems from the mushrooms. Wash morels very carefully to remove all sand and dirt. Brush the remaining mushrooms with a damp cloth or mushroom brush to remove excess dirt. Slice the mushrooms in half or quarters depending on size. Heat butter in a large skillet over high heat until hot. Add the chopped shallots and saute until translucent. Add the mushrooms to the shallot butter mixture. Saute until the mushrooms begin to wilt, about 7 to 8 minutes. Add the chicken stock or reserved mushroomsoaking liquid. Bring to a boil, then reduce to a simmer and allow the liquid to  <END>
INPUT: mayonnaise, Parmesan, garlic, lemon juice, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Artichoke Mix | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 5 cups mayonnaise; 3 cups grated Parmesan; 3/4 cup freshly minced garlic; 2 tablespoons lemon juice; 3 teaspoons black pepper; 2 teaspoons sugar; 1 teaspoon Kosher salt; Two 10-ounce cans artichoke hearts, coarsely chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: Mix the mayonnaise, Parmesan, garlic, lemon juice, pepper, sugar, salt and artichoke hearts in a large bowl. Taste for seasoning, and add more salt if necessary. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, mini, cakes, avocadoes, limes, Asian chile paste, cilantro, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mini Corn Cakes with Avocado and Tomatoes | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 4 ripe avocadoes, diced; 2 limes, juiced; 1 tablespoon Asian chile paste (sambaal oeleck); 1 bunch fresh cilantro, chopped; 1 clove garlic, smashed and finely chopped; Kosher salt; 24 cherry tomatoes, halved; Extra-virgin olive oil; 1 stick butter; 8 tablespoons cornmeal; 2 cups all-purpose flour; 1 teaspoon baking powder; 1 teaspoon kosher salt; 4 eggs, whisked in a bowl; 1 cup milk | INSTRUCTIONS: For the avocadoes and tomatoes: Slice the avocadoes in half lengthwise. Carefully remove the pit. Using a spoon, scoop out the flesh from the skin and then dice. In a large bowl, toss the avocadoes with the lime juice, chile paste, cilantro, garlic, and salt. Taste to make sure it is delicious and well seasoned. Cover with plastic and let sit. Toss the cherry tomatoes with olive oil and season with salt. Taste to makes sure they are delicious. Cover and let sit. For the corn cakes: Melt the butter in a small saucepan over low heat. Combine the cornmeal, flour, baking powder, and salt in a larg <END>
INPUT: Italian, virgin olive oil, garlic, basil, oregano
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Garlic Bread | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup virgin olive oil; 1 clove garlic, mashed and diced; 1 teaspoon dried basil; 1/2 teaspoon dried oregano; 8 slices (3/4-inch thick) French bread; 1/2 cup shredded mozzarella; 1/2 cup grated Parmesan | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the grill until the coals are somewhat gray with ash; the flame should be low. Meanwhile, combine the olive oil, garlic, basil, and oregano in a small bowl. Brush both sides of the bread with the olive oil mixture and sprinkle 1 side of the bread with the cheeses. When the coals are ready, place the bread, cheese side up, on the grill. Cover and cook the bread until the cheese melts and the underside of the bread is toasted, 1 to 2 minutes. Serve warm. <END>
INPUT: Italian, salad, celery, mushrooms, Parmesan, lemon juice, virgin olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Celery, Mushroom and Parmesan Salad | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup celery, shaved with a vegetable peeler; 1 cup white mushrooms, sliced thinly; 1 cup shaved Parmesan; 3 tablespoons freshly squeezed lemon juice; 6 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large bowl, toss the celery, mushrooms and Parmesan until well combined. Pour the lemon juice and oil over the salad and toss until well combined. Season with salt and pepper. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, shredded, salsa, twelve corn tortillas, vegetable oil frying, untrimmed pork shoulder, zest lime removed, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Shredded Pork with Tomato Salsa on Tortilla Chips | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: twelve 7-inch corn tortillas, each cut into 4 rounds with a 2-inch cutter; vegetable oil for frying the tortillas; 2 1/2 pounds untrimmed boneless pork shoulder or butt, cut into 2- by 3/4-inch strips; the zest of 1 lime removed in strips with a vegetable peeler; 1 teaspoon salt; 1 scallion, cut into 3 pieces; 3 garlic cloves; 1/4 teaspoon cumin; 2 tomatoes, chopped fine; 3 tablespoons finely chopped onion; 1/4 cup finely chopped coriander; 1 teaspoon minced jalapeño chili (wear rubber gloves); 1 teaspoon fresh lime juice; coriander sprigs for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Arrange the tortilla rounds in one layer on baking sheets, cover them with a kitchen towel, and let them stand for 1 hour. In a large heavy skillet fry the rounds in batches in 3/4 inch of 375°F. oil for 30 seconds to 1 minute, or until they are pale golden and bubbling subsides. Transfer the tortilla chips with a slotted spoon to paper towels to drain and season them with salt. The tortilla chips may be made 1 day in advance and kept in an airtight container. In a heavy kettle arrange the pork strips in one layer, add enough water to barely cover them, and add the zest, the salt, the scallion <END>
INPUT: burst, lemon, blackberry puree, simple syrup, ginger ale, lemon wedge
OUTPUT: TITLE: Blackberry Burst | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 lemon; 1 oz. blackberry puree; 1/2 oz. simple syrup; ginger ale; lemon wedge | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: shaker strainer Champagne flute citrus squeezer Fill a shaker half full of ice. Combine the juice from half a lemon, 1 oz. blackberry puree and 1/2 oz. simple syrup. Shake and strain over ice in a Champagne flute. Top it off with ginger ale and garnish with a lemon wedge. <END>
INPUT: cake, Gluten Free All, psyllium husk powder, baking powder, salt, milk
OUTPUT: TITLE: Gluten-Free White Cake | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 450 grams Gluten-Free All-Purpose Flour Mix, recipe follows; 1 teaspoon psyllium husk powder (optional); 4 teaspoons baking powder; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1 cup milk; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; 8 ounces (2 sticks) unsalted butter, at room temperature; 1 1/2 cups sugar; 8 large egg whites, at room temperature; 1/2 teaspoon cream of tartar; 1/3 cup sugar; 400 grams millet flour; 300 grams sweet rice flour; 300 grams potato starch | INSTRUCTIONS: Preparing to bake: Heat the oven to 375 degrees F. Lay down greased parchment paper into two 9-inch cake pans. Combining the dry ingredients: Whisk together the flour mix, psyllium, baking powder, and salt. Set aside. Mixing the wet ingredients: Stir together the milk and vanilla. Creaming the butter and sugar: Put the butter into the bowl of stand mixer. Whirl the butter until it has spread out in the bowl. Add the sugar. Mix the butter and sugar together until the sugar has entirely disappeared into the butter and has come creamy. Finishing the batter: With the stand mixer running on low, ad <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, virgin olive oil, fine onion, garlic, chicken stock, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Couscous with Arugula and Balsamic Tomatoes | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil plus 1/2 cup; 1 1/2 cup fine diced yellow onion; 3 tablespoons minced garlic; 6 cups chicken stock; 1 tablespoon salt, plus more for seasoning; 1 teaspoon white pepper, plus more for seasoning; 1 1/2 cup diced dried apricot; 6 cups Moroccan couscous; 3 cups chopped seedless kalamata olives; 12 ounces pine nuts, toasted; 1 cup snipped chives; 3 cups feta cheese; 8 whole Roma tomatoes; 1/2 cup balsamic vinegar; 1 pound baby arugula, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: For the couscous: In a heavy sauce pot, heat 2 tablespoons olive oil and lightly saute onions until opaque. Add garlic and saute to aroma. Add the chicken stock, salt, white pepper and dried apricot and bring to a full boil. Place the couscous in a 4 quart pan and pour the chicken stock mixture over and mix thoroughly. Cover tightly and wrap - allow to stand for 10 minutes. Fluff with a fork and fold in olives and pine nuts, chives and feta cheese. Meanwhile, fine dice the seedless flesh of the Roma tomato, toss in the 1/2 cup olive oil and 1/2 cup balsamic vinegar. Season with salt and white  <END>
INPUT: Italian, butternut squash, virgin olive oil, sage leaves, Fennel Cinnamon Spice, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lasagna of Roasted Butternut Squash | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 2 large butternut squash, about 3 to 5 pounds; 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh sage leaves; 1 tablespoon Fennel and Cinnamon Spice Blend, recipe follows; 2 teaspoons salt; 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 1 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg; 2 cups ricotta cheese (or a 15-ounce container); 1 cup freshly grated Parmesan; 2 large eggs; 1 pound dried lasagna sheets (about 24 sheets), each 6 1/2 by 3 inches; Extra-virgin olive oil; 2 quarts whole milk; 6 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1 tablespoon sage, minced | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Using a vegetable peeler, remove the squash's hard shell. Trim about 1/2-inch off the top and bottom ends so you can set each section of the squash flat on a cutting board. Cut the squash in half lengthwise. Scoop the seeds out with a spoon, and coarsely chop the squash into 1/2-inch chunks. Line a baking sheet with aluminum foil. In a bowl, toss the squash with the oil, sage, spice blend, and 1 teaspoon salt and fresh ground pepper. Spread the squash in a single layer on the baking sheet. Roast the squash in the oven until very soft and beginning to brown, 4 <END>
INPUT: breakfast, pizza crust, virgin olive oil, eggs, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Breakfast Pizza | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 prepared thin pizza crust (about 10 ounces), such as Boboli; 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 8 large eggs; 1 (10-ounce) package frozen chopped spinach, cooked and squeezed dry, reserving 1 tablespoon of the liquid; 1 cup chopped onion, about 1 medium onion; Kosher salt; Freshly ground black pepper; 1/2 cup shredded Cheddar | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F. Brush the pizza crust on both sides with 1 tablespoon olive oil. Place crust directly onto the middle rack of the oven and bake for 10 minutes. While the crust is cooking, break the eggs into a bowl and add the reserved spinach liquid. Whisk them well and season them with salt and pepper. Add the remaining 2 tablespoons olive oil to a 10-inch skillet and heat over medium heat. Add the onions and cook until translucent, about 4 minutes. Add the dry spinach, breaking up the pieces, and heat through, about 2 minutes. Scrape the vegetable mixture into the eggs an <END>
INPUT: American, buffalo, chicken wings, unsalted butter, honey, bottled hot sauce, paprika
OUTPUT: TITLE: Buffalo Wings with Blue Cheese Dipping Sauce | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 1/2 pounds chicken wings, tips removed and wings halved at joint, or wingettes; 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted; 1/4 cup honey; 1/4 cup bottled hot sauce, such as Frank's; 2 teaspoons paprika; 1 teaspoon kosher salt; 1/4 teaspoon cayenne pepper; Nonstick spray, for greasing; Blue Cheese Dipping Sauce, for serving, recipe follows; Celery sticks, for serving; 1 cup crumbled blue cheese; 3/4 cup mayonnaise; 1/2 cup sour cream; 1 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce; Kosher salt and cracked black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Place the chicken wings in large resealable bag in a shallow baking dish. Melt the butter in a small saucepan and remove from the heat. Stir in the honey, hot sauce, paprika, salt and cayenne pepper. Let cool completely and pour over the chicken wings. Seal the bag and let marinate at room temperature 25 to 30 minutes. Drain and discard the marinade. Meanwhile, preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Line a large sheet tray with aluminum foil and spray with nonstick spray. Bake the chicken on the sheet tray, flipping once halfway through cooking, 35 minutes. Serve alongside the Blue Cheese Dipping  <END>
INPUT: salad, rice vinegar, grain Dijon mustard, honey, Sea salt pepper, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cucumber Dill Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/8 cup rice vinegar; 1 tablespoon whole grain Dijon mustard; 1 tablespoon honey; Sea salt Freshly ground pepper; 1/2 red onion, thinly sliced; 1 English cucumber, cut into lengthwise slices with a vegetable peeler; 1 tablespoon chopped dill | INSTRUCTIONS: Add vinegar, Dijon mustard, honey, salt, and pepper to a jar with a lid and shake well to mix. Add onion; let pickle for 30 minutes. Stir together cucumber and dill in a bowl; drain excess water. Toss salad with dressing and onions just before serving. Add vinegar, Dijon mustard, honey, salt, and pepper to a jar with a lid and shake well to mix. Add onion; let pickle for 30 minutes. Stir together cucumber and dill in a bowl; drain excess water. Toss salad with dressing and onions just before serving. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, crudo, Thai chile, Zest lime, cilantro leaves, Sea salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sea Bass Crudo | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 (6-ounce) boneless sea bass fillet; 1 small Thai chile, thinly sliced; Zest of 1/2 a lime; Fresh cilantro leaves, for garnish; Sea salt and freshly ground pepper; 1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil; 1 tablespoon fresh lime juice | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. Slice the sea bass as thinly as possible with a sharp knife, discarding the skin. Lay the slices on a cold serving plate, overlapping slightly. 2. Sprinkle the fish with the sliced chile, lime zest, cilantro leaves, and a generous pinch each of salt and pepper. Drizzle with the oil and lime juice just before serving. <END>
INPUT: consomme, dumplings, onion, lemon grass, celery, leek, ginger root
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fish Consomme with Shrimp Dumplings and Edamame | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 large white onion, minced; 1/2 cup minced lemon grass, packed; 2 large stalks celery, well scrubbed and minced; 1 large leek, soaked several times in salt water to remove grit, minced; 1-ounce fresh ginger root, covering scraped off with the tip of a spoon and minced; 3/4 pound lean fish scraps and shrimp shells; 3 egg whites; 2 quarts fish stock, chilled; 1 lemon, juiced; 1 pound edamame (immature soybeans in their pods); 1 pound (31-40) shrimp, deveined, shells and tails removed, and all other black veins removed; 8 egg whites; 3 scallions, white and tender green parts only, sliced; Salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: To make the "white" mirepoix, mix the onion, lemon grass, celery, and leek and refrigerate until cold, at least 4 hours, preferably overnight. (In combination with the fish and egg whites, the mirepoix will form the clarification to make the consomme crystal clear. This combination of ingredients will form what is referred to as a raft that essentially coagulates as the consomme clarifies.) Mix the chilled mirepoix, ginger root, fish scraps, shrimp shells, and egg white and add to a stockpot. Pour in the chilled fish stock. Add the lemon juice. Bring to a simmer (just below a boil in classical <END>
INPUT: sorbet, sugar, water, apricots, lemon juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Apricot Sorbet | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 cup sugar; 1/2 cup water; 1/3 cup dried apricots, chopped; 1 3/4 pounds firm-ripe apricots (about 7 large); 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 1/8 teaspoon almond extract; Garnish: toasted sliced almonds; Special equipment: an ice cream maker | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Bring sugar, water, and dried apricots to a boil in a 3-quart heavy saucepan over moderate heat, stirring, until sugar is dissolved. Remove from heat and let stand until apricots are softened, about 1 hour. While dried apricots are standing, roast whole fresh apricots in a small roasting pan in middle of oven until soft, about 1 hour. Cool in pan, and pit when cool enough to handle. Puree dried apricot mixture, roasted apricots, lemon juice, and almond extract in a blender until very smooth, 1 1/2 to 2 minutes. Force puree through a fine sieve into a bowl, pressi <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, satay, vegetable, sugar, soy sauce, garlic, cumin
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken Satay with Grilled Vegetable Couscous | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 1 (14-ounce) can unsweetened coconut milk; 1/4 cup brown sugar; 2 tablespoons soy sauce; 2 teaspoons chopped garlic; 1 teaspoon ground cumin; 1/2 orange, zested, reserve remainder for Grilled Fruit Skewer recipe; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 pounds boneless, skinless chicken thighs, about 8 thighs; 12 (10-inch) skewers; 1/2 cup peanut butter; 1 tablespoon hot sauce, or to taste; Canola oil, for brushing; 1 (10-ounce) package couscous; 1 green bell pepper; 1 medium zucchini | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. In a large bowl, combine the coconut milk, brown sugar, soy sauce, garlic, cumin, orange zest, and salt and pepper, to taste. Pour half of the marinade into a large resealable bag. Reserve 2 tablespoons of the remaining half of the marinade for the Online Round 2 recipe Sweet and Spicy Chicken Wraps. Reserve the rest of the marinade, for the dipping sauce, in a small bowl. Cut each chicken thigh into 6 strips and add to the bag with the marinade. Put the bag into a bowl, in case of leakage, and refrigerate for at least 1 hour or overnight. Meanwhile, if you are u <END>
INPUT: salt, all purpose flour, vegetable olive oil, shallot
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pork with Prunes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 pounds (1/2-inch-thick) pork shoulder chops; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/4 cup all-purpose flour; 3 tablespoons vegetable or olive oil; 3/4 cup chopped shallot (4 1/2 ounces); 1/2 cup cider vinegar; 3 cups water; 1 3/4 cups low-sodium chicken broth; 1 teaspoon whole allspice; 1 1/2 cups dried pitted prunes (11 ounces) | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350°F. Pat chops dry and season with salt. Dredge in flour, shaking off excess. Heat oil in a 3 1/2- to 4-quart wide heavy pot over moderately high heat until hot but not smoking. Brown chops in batches, turning over once, about 5 minutes per batch. Transfer to a plate. Add shallot to pot and sauté until golden, 2 to 3 minutes. Add vinegar and boil, scraping up brown bits, until reduced by half. Stir in water, broth, and allspice and bring to a simmer. Return chops to pot with prunes. Braise, covered, in middle of oven until chops are very tender, about 45 minutes. Transfer to  <END>
INPUT: Indian, chos, virgin olive oil, garlic, Tandoori Naan Bread, Parmesan, poppy seeds
OUTPUT: TITLE: Naan-chos | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup-extra-virgin olive oil, eyeball the amount; 2 cloves garlic, cracked; 4 slices Tandoori Naan Bread or Mediterranean flat bread or large pita bread; 1 cup grated Parmesan; 1 teaspoon poppy seeds; 1 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, 1/3 handful; A handful chopped parsley leaves; 1 teaspoon coarse salt; 1 1/2 cups shredded sharp cheddar; 1 can chick peas, drained; 1/2 lemon, juiced; 1 teaspoon ground cumin; 1/4 teaspoon ground cayenne pepper or 1 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes; Salt; 1/3 seedless cucumber, skinned and chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven or toaster oven to 400 degrees F. Heat oil and garlic in a small pot over medium low heat to infuse garlic flavor into oil. Pull the oil off the heat when garlic speaks by sizzling in oil. Brush the breads with half of the garlic oil and reserve the remainder. Cut breads into tortilla-chip-size wedges. Sprinkle bread "chips" with Parmesan, poppy seeds and red pepper flakes. Bake breads to toast, about 5 minutes. Remove bread from oven and sprinkle bread chips with and parsley and salt. Pile chips on a platter and cover with cheddar cheese. Place platter under broiler and melt chee <END>
INPUT: Italian, filled, cranberries cherries, amaretto liqueur, ricotta, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cannoli Filled with Pistachio Ricotta | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup dried cranberries or dried cherries, chopped; 2 tablespoons amaretto liqueur; 8 ounces ricotta, homemade or store-bought, well drained (1 cup); 1/4 cup sugar; 2 ounces (1/4 cup) mascarpone, homemade or store-bought, cold; 1/4 cup toasted pistachio nuts, chopped; 8 large or 12 mini cannoli shells, homemade or store-bought, recipe follows; 1/4 cup confectioners' sugar, for garnish; 1 gallon whole milk; 1 cup heavy cream; 1/2 cup freshly squeezed lemon juice; Salt, optional; 12 egg roll wrappers; 1 cup vegetable oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Soak the dried cranberries in the amaretto in a small bowl for 30 minutes. Combine the ricotta and sugar in a small bowl and whip until smooth. Add the mascarpone and stir to incorporate. Be careful not to overmix, or the mascarpone might separate. Fold in the pistachios and dried cranberries with their soaking liquid. Transfer to a pastry bag fitted with a plain tip and pipe the mixtrue into the cannoli shells. If you don't have a pastry bag, put the filling into a plastic bag, snip off 1 corner, and squeeze the filling out into the pastry shells. (Do this close to serving time so the shells  <END>
INPUT: brittle, sugar, light corn syrup, salted, pure vanilla extract
OUTPUT: TITLE: Peanut Brittle | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 cups sugar; 1 cup light corn syrup; 4 1/2 cups salted, fresh roasted peanuts (about 1 pound, 7 ounces); 4 tablespoons (1/2 stick) unsalted butter; 2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract; 2 teaspoons baking soda; Vegetable oil spray | INSTRUCTIONS: Coat 2 rimmed baking sheets with vegetable oil spray; set aside. In a heavy 5-quart saucepan with a tight-fitting lid, combine sugar, corn syrup, and 1/2 cup water. Cover the saucepan, and bring to a boil over high heat, about 5 minutes, Dissolve the sugar by swirling the pot often over the burner. Be sure to brush down the sides of the saucepan with cold water to prevent crystals from forming. Once the sugar is dissolved, reduce the heat to medium, and insert a candy thermometer, and continue to cook until the temperature reaches 230 degrees F. Add the peanuts, and stir constantly with a meta <END>
INPUT: American, purchased cake, blackberries, Powdered sugar, guavas syrup, condensed milk
OUTPUT: TITLE: Guava Pound Cake | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 purchased pound cake; 1 pint blackberries, for garnish; Powdered sugar, for garnish; 14 ounces whole guavas in syrup; 3 ounces sweetened condensed milk; 2 ounces cream cheese; 1 1/2 tablespoons freshly squeezed lime juice; 14 ounces whole guavas in syrup, cut into 1/2-inch pieces; 1/3 cup brown sugar; 1/3 cup granulated sugar; 2 tablespoons butter; 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. For the pound cake: Slice the pound cake into 2-inch thick pieces and set aside. For the guava cream: Place the guavas, condensed milk, cream cheese and lime juice in a blender. Process mixture until smooth. Strain the mixture into a bowl. Discard the seeds. Set aside. For the guava compote: Bring the guavas, 1 cup water, the sugars, butter, cinnamon and vanilla to a boil in a heavy medium saucepan. Reduce the heat to medium low; simmer until almost all the liquid evaporates, stirring often, about 30 minutes. Cover and chill. (Can be made 2 days ahead). Serve war <END>
INPUT: American, peanut shells, pork loins, Kosher salt pepper, Steak seasoning, Carrot pickled onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Peanut Smoked Pork Loin with Peanut Butter BBQ Sauce and Carrot and Pickled Onion Salad | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups peanut shells, from roasted peanuts; 2 pork loins, trimmed, about 1/2 pounds each; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; Steak seasoning (recommended: Montreal) or other quality steak seasoning; Carrot pickled onion salad, recipe follows; 2 cups ketchup; 3/4 cup apple cider vinegar; 1/4 cup tomato paste; 3/4 cup peanut butter; 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard; 4 tablespoons ancho chili powder; 4 tablespoons prepared barbecue sauce; 3 ounces bourbon; 1 small red onion, sliced thin; 2 cups apple cider vinegar | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: grill-top smoker. Preheat the grill. Soak the peanut shells in water for 45 minutes. Season the pork well with salt, pepper, and steak seasoning. Smoke the pork on the grill for 45 minutes. Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Transfer the pork to a roasting pan, drain the peanuts and add them to the pan. Roast the pork in the oven until it reaches 135 degrees F on an instant-read thermometer, about 20 to 30 minutes. Remove from the oven to a cutting board. Peanut Butter BBQ Sauce: Combine all the sauce ingredients in a large saucepot and bring it to a simmer over low heat. Le <END>
INPUT: American, pasta shells, unrefined coconut oil, all purpose flour, unsweetened almond milk, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: White Mac 'n' Cheese | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound medium pasta shells; 2 tablespoons unrefined coconut oil; 2 tablespoons all-purpose flour; 2 cups unsweetened almond milk or whole milk; 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground white pepper; 1/4 teaspoon ground mustard; One 8-ounce block cream cheese, at room temperature; 8 ounces sharp white Cheddar, shredded; 8 ounces white American cheese, shredded if from a block, otherwise diced; 2 tablespoons white wine, optional; Kosher salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Bring a large pot of water to a boil and cook the pasta according to the package directions. Set aside. Melt the coconut oil in a high-sided 10-inch saute pan over medium heat. Stir in the flour and cook until golden brown, about 2 minutes. Slowly whisk in the milk. Reduce to low heat, bring to a simmer and cook until it becomes a thin gravy, about 5 minutes. Add the white pepper and ground mustard and stir to combine. Add the cream cheese and stir until fully incorporated. Stir in the Cheddar, American cheese and wine, if using, and cook until fully incorporated <END>
INPUT: virgin olive oil, parsnips, onion, garlic, bulbs fennel
OUTPUT: TITLE: Braised Fennel and Parsnips | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 4 parsnips, peeled and quartered lengthwise; 1 large onion, cut into 6 pieces; 4 cloves garlic, peeled; 2 bulbs fennel, cut into 6 pieces; 1 poblano chile, stemmed, seeded, deveined and cut into strips; 3 cups chicken broth; 2 cups stout beer; 1 bay leaf; 1 sprig fresh rosemary, about 2 inches in length; 1 sprig fresh thyme, plus 1 teaspoon thyme leaves, finely chopped; 1 teaspoon fresh oregano, finely chopped; Salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: In a heavy large saute pan, heat the oil on medium-high heat. Add the parsnips and onions and saute for about 1 minute. Add the garlic, fennel and poblanos and saute for another 2 minutes. Add the chicken broth and stout beer and bring to a boil. Add the bay leaf, rosemary sprig and thyme sprig. Lower to a simmer and cover. Cook on low heat until the vegetables are soft and cooked through, about 40 minutes. Remove the vegetables from the cooking liquid. Reduce the cooking liquid to 1 cup. Drizzle the reduced liquid over the vegetables and top with the chopped thyme and oregano. Season with sal <END>
INPUT: chestnuts, sandwich bread, wild mushrooms, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chestnut and Wild Mushroom Stuffing | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/3 pound fresh chestnuts*; 8 tablespoons (1 stick) unsalted butter; 2 1/2 cups sandwich bread, such as rye, sourdough, or pumpernickel, crust removed and cut into 1-inch cubes; 2 1/2 cups wild mushrooms; 1 medium onion, diced; 4 stalks celery, diced; 2/3 cup fresh parsley, coarsely chopped; 3 tablespoons plus 1 teaspoon fresh thyme leaves; 1 1/2 to 2 cups chicken stock or low-sodium chicken broth; 2 large eggs, lightly beaten; 1 tablespoon fine sea salt; 2 teaspoons freshly ground black pepper; *If fresh chestnuts are unavailable, frozen will work. Avoid using sweetened jarred chestnuts | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350°F. Using chestnut knife or sharp paring knife, make large X on flat side of each chestnut through shell but not meat. Soak chestnuts in bowl of warm water to cover by 2 inches for 15 minutes, then drain well. Arrange chestnuts in 1 layer in shallow baking pan, then roast in middle of oven until shells curl away at X mark, about 15 minutes. Wearing protective gloves, peel away shells from chestnuts while still hot. In large pot boiling water, blanch chestnuts 2 minutes, then drain. Using kitchen towel, rub chestnuts to remove skins. Coarsely chop and reserve. Leave oven on.  <END>
INPUT: tart, water, sugar, lemon juice, size Bosc pears, powdered sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pear and Almond Tart | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 cups water; 1 1/4 cups sugar; 1 1/2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 3 medium-size firm but ripe Bosc pears, peeled (each about 7 ounces); 1/2 cup powdered sugar; 1/4 cup blanched slivered almonds; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 9 tablespoons (1 stick plus 1 tablespoon) unsalted butter, room temperature; 1 large egg yolk; 1 1/4 cups all purpose flour; 2/3 cup blanched slivered almonds; 1 tablespoon all purpose flour; 7 tablespoons sugar; 6 tablespoons (3/4 stick) unsalted butter, room temperature; 1 large egg | INSTRUCTIONS: For pears: Bring 4 cups water, sugar, and lemon juice to boil in large saucepan over medium-high heat, stirring until sugar dissolves. Add pears. Reduce heat to medium and simmer until pears are very tender, turning occasionally, about 20 minutes. Cool pears in syrup. (Can be made 2 days ahead. Cover and refrigerate.) Bring 4 cups water, sugar, and lemon juice to boil in large saucepan over medium-high heat, stirring until sugar dissolves. Add pears. Reduce heat to medium and simmer until pears are very tender, turning occasionally, about 20 minutes. Cool pears in syrup. (Can be made 2 days ah <END>
INPUT: Mexican, citrus, chicken, olive oil, Salt pepper, flour tortillas, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Red Chile-Citrus Marinated Chicken Breasts with Grilled Tortillas and Avocado-Tomatillo Salsa | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup olive oil; Salt and freshly ground pepper; 16 6-inch flour tortillas; 3 large, ripe Haas avocado, peeled and coarsely chopped; 1/4 cup finely chopped onion; 3 tomatillos, husked, washed and coarsely chopped; 1 jalapeno, finely chopped; 3 tablespoons fresh lime juice; 3 tablespoons finely chopped cilantro; Salt and freshly ground pepper; 1 cup fresh orange juice; 1 cup fresh lime juice; 1/2 cup fresh lemon juice; 1/4 cup ancho chile powder; 2 tablespoons paprika | INSTRUCTIONS: For the grilled tortillas: Brush each tortilla on both sides with olive oil and season with salt and pepper to taste. Grill for 1 minute on each side. Yield: 8 servings For the Avocado and Grilled Tomatillo salsa: Combine all ingredients in a medium bowl and season with salt and pepper. Yield: 2 cups For the marinade and the chicken breasts: Whisk together all ingredients except olive oil in a large bowl until combined. Slowly whisk in the olive oil until emulsified. Reserve 1 cup of the marinade and set aside. Transfer remaining marinade to a large shallow baking dish, add chicken breast and  <END>
INPUT: tournedos, Vidalia onions, thyme, mushroom stock, unsalted butter, olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lobster Mushrooms and Vidalia Onion Tournedos with Bourguignon Trimming Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 medium Vidalia onions, peeled and cut in half; 3 sprigs fresh thyme; 2 cups mushroom stock; 6 tablespoons unsalted butter; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1 clove garlic, finely chopped; 1 pound lobster mushrooms, cleaned and cut into 1-inch pieces; 2 tablespoons fresh parsley leaves, chopped; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; Creamed Spinach, recipe follows; Bourguignon Trimming Sauce, recipe follows; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1 shallot, finely diced; 2 pounds spinach, washed; 1/2 cup heavy cream | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Place the onion halves and thyme sprigs in a 2-inch deep baking tray. Pour the mushroom stock and half the butter over the onions. Bake in the oven for 30 minutes. Remove from the oven and let cool for 15 minutes. Scoop out the center of the onions. Heat the rest of the butter and the olive oil in a saute pan over medium-high heat. Add the garlic and saute for 2 minutes. Then add the lobster mushrooms and cook for 5 minutes. Add the chopped parsley and season with salt and pepper. Fill the center of the baked onion rings with the lobster mushroom mixture. To  <END>
INPUT: Asian, unflavored coconut oil, Anjou Bartlett pears, Coconut sugar, apple cider, Candied ginger
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cider-Roasted Caramelized Pears with Candied Ginger | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons unflavored coconut oil; 4 red Anjou or Bartlett pears, cored and quartered; Coconut sugar, for sprinkling; 1 cup apple cider; Candied ginger, chopped, for topping | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. In a large nonstick ovenproof skillet, melt the coconut oil over high heat. Sprinkle the pears generously with sugar and place, cut-side down, in the skillet; cook until caramelized, about 10 minutes. Turn the pears over and pour in the apple cider; roast in the oven until tender, about 25 minutes. Transfer the pears to a platter. Place the skillet with the pan juices on the stovetop and cook over high heat until reduced to a syrup, about 5 minutes. To serve, drizzle the syrup over the pears and top with the candied ginger. <END>
INPUT: cocktail, cucumber, shiso leaves, Hendrick's Gin, tonic water, aloe juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cucumber-Aloe Cocktail | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 8 1/4"-thick slices cucumber; 12 small fresh shiso leaves; 1/4 cup Hendrick's Gin; 6 tablespoons tonic water; 1/4 cup aloe juice; 2 teaspoons Chartreuse liqueur; Ingredient info: Shiso leaves, from the perilla plant (also known as Japanese basil), are sold at Japanese markets. Aloe juice is available at better  | INSTRUCTIONS: Using a muddler or the handle of a wooden spoon, crush and mash cucumber and shiso in a cocktail shaker. Add gin and mash again. Fill shaker halfway with ice cubes. Add tonic, aloe, and Chartreuse. Stir to blend well. Fill 2 Old Fashioned glasses with ice; strain cocktail into glasses. Using a muddler or the handle of a wooden spoon, crush and mash cucumber and shiso in a cocktail shaker. Add gin and mash again. Fill shaker halfway with ice cubes. Add tonic, aloe, and Chartreuse. Stir to blend well. Fill 2 Old Fashioned glasses with ice; strain cocktail into glasses. <END>
INPUT: sauce, coarse kosher salt, pepper, allspice, New York strip, canola oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: New York Strip Roast with Madeira Pan Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 teaspoon coarse kosher salt; 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 1/2 teaspoon ground allspice; 1 3-to 4-pound New York strip roast, fat trimmed to 1/4 inch; 1 tablespoon canola oil; 2 medium shallots, minced; 2/3 cup high-quality Madeira; 2 cups low-salt chicken broth; 1/4 cup (1/2 stick) unsalted butter, cut into 1/2-inch cubes and frozen | INSTRUCTIONS: Mix coarse salt, pepper, and allspice in bowl. Sprinkle spice mixture over roast. Let stand at room temperature 1 hour. Preheat oven to 375°F. Heat oil in large wide ovenproof skillet over mediumhigh heat until nearly smoking. Add roast, fat side down, to skillet; cook until well browned on bottom, 3 to 4 minutes. Turn roast, fat side up, and transfer skillet to oven. Roast until instant-read thermometer inserted into center of meat registers 130°F for medium-rare, about 50 minutes. Transfer to platter; let rest while preparing sauce. Pour off all but 2 tablespoons drippings from skillet and h <END>
INPUT: panini, round loaf walnut, bitter chocolate, Sweet butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate and Walnut Bread Panini | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 round loaf of walnut bread; 1 pound bitter chocolate; Sweet butter, to coat the bread | INSTRUCTIONS: Slice the walnut bread thin into 8 slices. Heat a large nonstick skillet or a griddle over moderate heat. Butter 1 side of each bread slice, then put 4 slices, buttered side down, on a work surface. Cut chocolate into chunks, thin enough to fit in a sandwich. Place on the bread, cover with another slice of walnut bread and butter the side facing up. Grill on both sides, about 3 to 5 minutes each. Serve warm. <END>
INPUT: gratin, cauliflower, unsalted butter, all purpose flour, half half, horseradish
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cauliflower and Horseradish Gratin | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 1/2 pounds cauliflower, trimmed, cut into florets (about 8 cups); 6 tablespoons unsalted butter; 3 tablespoons all purpose flour; 2 cups half and half; 7 tablespoons prepared white horseradish; 1 teaspoon white wine vinegar; Ground nutmeg; 1 cup packed grated Fontina cheese (about 4 ounces); 1/2 tablespoon Dijon mustard; 2 cups fresh French breadcrumbs | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 375°F. Steam cauliflower until crisp-tender, about 9 minutes. Transfer to 13x9x2-inch glass baking dish. Melt 3 tablespoons butter in heavy large saucepan over medium heat. Add flour and stir 2 minutes (do not brown). Gradually whisk in half and half. Cook until sauce boils and thickens, whisking constantly, about 4 minutes. Mix in 5 tablespoons horseradish and vinegar. Season to taste with nutmeg, salt and pepper. Pour sauce over cauliflower and mix to coat. Sprinkle cheese over. (Can be made 1 day ahead. Cover and chill.) Melt 3 tablespoons butter in heavy medium skillet over <END>
INPUT: salad, fennel bulbs, oranges, good olive oil, lemons, Kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Orange Fennel Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 pounds fennel bulbs; 3 to 4 oranges; 1/4 cup good olive oil; 2 lemons, juiced; Kosher salt; 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 2 ounces arugula | INSTRUCTIONS: Cut the fronds from the fennel bulbs and reserve some of the feathery leaves for later. Cut each fennel bulb in half and remove the cores with a sharp knife. Fit a food processor with the thinnest slicing blade. Cut the fennel bulbs into wedges and place horizontally into the feed tube. Process in batches. Peel each orange, remove the pith with a knife, and slice. Set aside. For the dressing: Whisk together the oil, juice, 1 teaspoon salt and the pepper in a small bowl. Place the fennel slices, oranges slices and arugula in a large bowl. Pour the dressing over the salad and toss together. Spri <END>
INPUT: Italian, Basic Pizza Sauce, asparagus, Olive oil, Kosher salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Bacon and Asparagus Pizza | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 (16-ounce) ball pizza dough; Basic Pizza Sauce, recipe follows; 1 pound fresh asparagus, 8 spears trimmed and remaining cut into 1/2-inch coins; Olive oil; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 8 ounces shredded mozzarella; 1/2 red onion, sliced into 1/2 moons; 5 slices bacon, cooked crisp and crumbled; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 3 cloves garlic, sliced; Pinch red pepper flakes; 1 (14.5-ounce) can crushed tomatoes; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 3 tablespoons torn fresh basil; Pinch sugar, as necessary | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F. Adjust oven racks to the middle of the oven. Place a cast iron pizza stone or pan in the oven to heat for 1 hour. Blanch asparagus 1 minute in a large pot of boiling salted water, then remove and shock in a bowl of ice water. Drain well. Place asparagus in a bowl and drizzle with olive oil, salt, and pepper. Toss to combine well. Flour your work surface and roll the pizza dough into a 12-inch diameter. Carefully remove the cast iron pizza stone from the oven and put the dough on top. Ladle the sauce to cover the bottom of the pizza and top with mozzarella, re <END>
INPUT: Italian, shaved, salad, lemon, virgin olive oil, Kosher salt pepper, cremini mushrooms, bulbs fennel fronds
OUTPUT: TITLE: Shaved Fennel, Mushroom and Parmesan Salad | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 lemon, finely zested and juiced; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 3 ounces cremini mushrooms; 2 small bulbs fennel with fronds (about 2 1/2 pounds); One 2-ounce hunk Parmesan | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: A mandoline or a sharp knife Use a fork to whisk the lemon juice and olive oil in a small bowl. Using a mandoline or sharp knife, slice the mushrooms very thin. Put them in a serving bowl and toss with about 2 teaspoons of the olive oil mixture. Chop enough of the fennel fronds to make about 2 tablespoons (reserve the rest for another use). Trim the tops and bottoms from the fennel bulbs and halve the bulbs; slice off most of the core (leaving on a bit helps keep the bulb intact). Using the mandoline, shave the fennel bulbs almost paper thin from the root to the top end righ <END>
INPUT: splitsville, sugar, water, light corn syrup, batch caramel, heavy cream
OUTPUT: TITLE: Banana Splitsville | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups sugar; 1 cup water; 1 tablespoon light corn syrup; 1 batch caramel; 2 cups heavy cream; 4 bananas; Sugar for coating; Ice cream of your choice | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine the sugar, water, and corn syrup in a small, heavy saucepan and place over high heat. As soon as the sugar has dissolved, heat your thermometer under warm tap water (to prevent thermal shock) and attach to side of pan, making sure that the bulb is completely submerged. Do not stir the mixture or agitate the pan at this stage. When the mixture reaches 230 degrees, reduce the heat to medium and allow the sugar to color gradually. As the temperature approaches 300 degrees the color will start to turn to amber. At this point, it's safe to swirl the pan gently to help distribute the heat ev <END>
INPUT: salad, smoked salmon, spinach, chives, mayonnaise, wine vinegar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spinach Salad with Smoked Salmon | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 ounces smoked salmon, chilled; 6 ounces fresh spinach, stemmed and washed, dried; 1 large bunches of fresh chives, snipped finely; 3 tablespoons mayonnaise; 1 to 2 tablespoons white wine vinegar; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 kirby cucumber, peeled and cut with vegetable peeler lengthwise into long thin strips; 6 slices high quality country French bread, cut on bias and grilled or broiled | INSTRUCTIONS: Cut salmon into fine strips and chill until serving time. Mix spinach with half of chives and all of mayonnaise and white wine vinegar; season to taste with salt and pepper. Chill dinner plates. Arrange spinach on the plate and arrange salmon in the center and over the spinach; garnish salmon with remaining chives, cucumber curls and serve with croutes. <END>
INPUT: American, cake, butterfinger, heavy whipping cream, bittersweet semisweet chocolate, old fashioned, all purpose flour
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate-Peanut Butter Cake with Cream Cheese and Butterfinger Frosting | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 1/4 cups heavy whipping cream; 1/2 cup (packed) golden brown sugar; 12 ounces bittersweet or semisweet chocolate, finely chopped; 1/2 cup old-fashioned (natural) chunky peanut butter; 2 1/2 cups all purpose flour; 1 teaspoon baking powder; 1 teaspoon baking soda; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 10 tablespoons (1 1/4 sticks) unsalted butter, room temperature; 1/2 cup old-fashioned (natural) chunky peanut butter; 1 pound golden brown sugar; 4 large eggs; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; 1 cup buttermilk; 1 1/2 8-ounce packages cream cheese, room temperature | INSTRUCTIONS: For filling: Bring cream and sugar to simmer in saucepan, whisking to dissolve sugar. Remove from heat. Add chocolate; let stand 1 minute. Whisk until smooth. Whisk in peanut butter. Chill uncovered overnight. Bring cream and sugar to simmer in saucepan, whisking to dissolve sugar. Remove from heat. Add chocolate; let stand 1 minute. Whisk until smooth. Whisk in peanut butter. Chill uncovered overnight. For cake: Preheat oven to 350°F. Butter three 9-inch-diameter cake pans with 1 1/2-inch-high sides. Line bottoms with parchment paper. Sift first 4 ingredients into medium bowl. Using electric  <END>
INPUT: cookies, semi sweet chocolate, sugar, Crisco® Butter Shortening, eggs
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate Peanut Butter Cup Cookies | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup semi-sweet chocolate chips; 2 (1 oz.) squares unsweetened baking chocolate; 1 cup sugar; 1/2 cup Crisco® Butter Shortening OR 1/2 stick Crisco® Butter Shortening Sticks; 2 large eggs; 1 teaspoon salt; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; 1 1/2 cups Pillsbury BEST® All Purpose Flour; 1/2 teaspoon baking soda; 3/4 cup finely chopped peanuts; 36 miniature peanut butter cups, unwrapped; 1/3 cup Jif® Creamy Peanut Butter | INSTRUCTIONS: 1.HEAT oven to 375 degrees F. 2.COMBINE chocolate chips and unsweetened chocolate in microwave-safe dish. Microwave on MEDIUM (50% power) 2 minutes. Stir. Repeat until smooth. Cool slightly. 3.BEAT sugar and shortening in large bowl at medium speed of electric mixer until blended and crumbly. Beat in eggs, one at a time, then salt and vanilla. Reduce speed to low. Slowly mix in chocolate until well blended. Combine flour and baking soda. Add to chocolate mixture. 4.SHAPE dough into 1 14-inch balls. Roll in chopped peanuts. Place 2 inches apart on ungreased baking sheets. 5.BAKE 7 to 10 minutes <END>
INPUT: Indian, salad, navel oranges, ruby grapefruits, Handful good quality, virgin olive oil, coriander
OUTPUT: TITLE: Orange and Grapefruit Salad with Coriander and Black Olives | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 3 navel oranges; 2 ruby red grapefruits; Handful of good quality pitted oil-cured black olives; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1/4 teaspoon ground coriander; Coarse sea salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Peel and segment the citrus. Using a paring knife, slice a thin slice off the top and the bottom of the fruit, so that it has a stable base. Then, start to slice off the peel in strips, moving your knife from top to bottom, following the natural curve of the fruit. Repeat, moving around the perimeter of the fruit, until there's no more peel and the flesh is visable. To remove the segments, hold the fruit in the palm of your hand and then slice between the membranes toward the center of the fruit to release a pretty little segment of citrus. Repeat for each fruit. Arrange the orange and grapefr <END>
INPUT: Indian, curry, peanut canola oil, cumin seeds, onion, bay leaves, plum tomatoes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tomato-Yogurt Chicken Curry | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons peanut or canola oil; 1 teaspoon cumin seeds; 1 medium red onion, finely chopped; 2 bay leaves; One 14.5-ounce can whole plum tomatoes; 5 cloves garlic; 1 1/2-inch piece ginger, peeled and roughly chopped; 4 dried arbol chiles, stems removed; 1/4 teaspoon turmeric; 1/2 teaspoon paprika; 2 pounds skinless, boneless chicken thighs, fat trimmed, halved; 2 medium red-skinned potatoes, cut into 1-inch cubes; 1 teaspoon honey; Kosher salt; 2 tablespoons plain whole-milk yogurt, preferably Greek style | INSTRUCTIONS: Toast the cumin: Heat the oil in a large, deep pot over medium heat until it shimmers. Sprinkle in the cumin seeds and stir; they should sizzle on contact, become fragrant and darken slightly. Caramelize the onion: Immediately add the red onion and bay leaves to the pot. Cook, stirring often, until the onion is dark chestnut brown, 12 to 15 minutes. Make the tomato base: While the onion is cooking, drain the juice from the can of tomatoes into a liquid measuring cup; set aside. Puree the tomatoes, garlic, ginger, chiles, turmeric and paprika in a food processor. Saute the base: Add the tomato  <END>
INPUT: mackerel, garlic, butter, Salt, Pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Mackerel with Toasted Garlic Butter | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 medium mackerel, filleted, skin on; 5 garlic cloves, smashed; 4 ounces butter; Salt; Pepper; 1 or 2 limes | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat an outdoor grill to medium heat and oil the grates with a brush or towel. In a small saucepan, melt the butter and add the smashed garlic. Make 3 deep cuts on each side of the fish. Season fillets generously with salt and pepper. Place flesh side-down and cook for 2 to 3 minutes. Flip fish over and cook for an additional 2 to 3 minutes. Remove from grill and brush with some of the garlic butter (about 2 tablespoons). Squeeze 1/2 of a lime over each fillet and serve immediately. <END>
INPUT: salad, bacon, avocados, watercress, lemon, virgin olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Avocado Salad with Lemon, Bacon and Watercress | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 slices bacon; 3 avocados, halved and pitted; 1/2 bunch watercress, stems trimmed; 1 lemon, juiced; 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Lay the bacon in a saute pan and bake for 15 minutes, until crispy. Transfer the bacon to a plate lined with paper towels and let it drain for a couple of minutes. Scoop out each half of the avocado using an oversized spoon and arrange on a platter. Scatter the watercress over the avocado and crumble the bacon over the top. Drizzle with the lemon juice and olive oil and sprinkle with salt and pepper. <END>
INPUT: english, sauce, mint leaves, sugar, boiling water, raspberry vinegar
OUTPUT: TITLE: English Mint Sauce with Raspberry Vinegar | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup packed fresh mint leaves, rinsed and spun dry; 2 tablespoons sugar; 1 1/2 tablespoons boiling water; 4 tablespoons raspberry vinegar (available at specialty foods shops and some supermarkets) | INSTRUCTIONS: In a food processor chop fine the mint with the sugar and transfer the mixture to a small bowl. Stir the water into the mixture, stirring until the sugar is dissolved, and stir in the vinegar. Let the sauce stand, covered, for 15 minutes or chill it, covered, overnight. Serve the sauce at room temperature with lamb. In a food processor chop fine the mint with the sugar and transfer the mixture to a small bowl. Stir the water into the mixture, stirring until the sugar is dissolved, and stir in the vinegar. Let the sauce stand, covered, for 15 minutes or chill it, covered, overnight. Serve the s <END>
INPUT: pancakes, rice, heavy cream, unsalted butter, eggs, sifted all purpose
OUTPUT: TITLE: Rice Pancakes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cups cooked rice; 2 cups heavy cream; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, plus more for cooking; 2 large eggs, well beaten; 1/2 cup sifted all-purpose flour; 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1/2 teaspoon ground nutmeg; 1/2 to 1 teaspoon salt; Sugar for sprinkling (optional); Orange slices for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. Combine the rice, cream, and butter. Add the eggs, stirring together until well blended. 2. Sift the flour with the cinnamon, nutmeg, and salt, and blend thoroughly into the rice mixture. Cover the batter and refrigerate for at least 2 hours, or up to 8 hours. 3. Preheat the oven to 200°F. 4. When you are ready to cook the pancakes, remove the batter from the refrigerator and whisk together well. Melt about 1 tablespoon of butter in a skillet set over medium-high heat. When the butter is sizzling, add a small amount of batter to the pan to test the heat level. If necessary, reduce the heat  <END>
INPUT: turkey, Kosher salt pepper, onion, bulb fennel, apple
OUTPUT: TITLE: Prosecco-Roasted Turkey with Lemon and Thyme | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 12- to 14-pound turkey, thawed if frozen; Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper; 1/2 onion, quartered; 1/2 bulb fennel, trimmed and cut into chunks; 1 apple, cut into chunks; 3 sprigs thyme, plus 1 tablespoon chopped leaves; 1 lemon, zest grated, halved; 1 1/2 sticks (12 tablespoons) unsalted butter; 1 750-ml bottle dry prosecco or champagne; 3 tablespoons chopped fresh herbs (such as tarragon, chives and/or parsley), for the gravy | INSTRUCTIONS: Position an oven rack in the lowest position (remove the other racks); preheat to 350 degrees F. Remove the neck and giblets from the turkey and set aside for the gravy. Pat the turkey dry with paper towels and rub inside and out with 2 tablespoons each salt and pepper. Stuff the cavity with the onion, fennel, apple, thyme sprigs and lemon halves. Tie the legs together with kitchen twine. Put the turkey on a rack set in a large roasting pan and tuck the wings under the body. Let sit at room temperature while you make the lemon-thyme butter. Melt the butter in a small saucepan over low heat; wh <END>
INPUT: Mexican, weighted, panfried, softshell crabs, Salt pepper, buttermilk, flour, cayenne
OUTPUT: TITLE: Weighted and Panfried Soft-Shell Crabs with Lime-Garlic Mojo | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 6 small softshell crabs, cleaned; Salt and pepper; 1 cup buttermilk; 1 cup flour; 1/2 teaspoon cayenne; Unsalted butter for pan frying; 2 teaspoons olive oil; 2 garlic cloves, finely minced; Juice of 1 lime; 1 tablespoon minced fresh cilantro | INSTRUCTIONS: Season the crabs with salt and pepper and place in the buttermilk. Soak for 1 hour. Remove and pat dry. While the crabs are soaking, prepare the mojo: heat the olive oil in a small, heavy saucepan over a moderately low flame. Add the garlic and cook slowly for 5 minutes, or until golden, not brown. Add the lime juice, stir, and bring to a boil. Remove from heat, season with salt and pepper, and add cilantro. Refrigerate until cool. To prepare the crabs: In a bowl, mix together the flour, cayenne and salt and pepper to taste. Dredge the crabs in the flour, shaking off the excess. Choose a heavy <END>
INPUT: American, strata, milk, eggs, mustard, salt, sandwich bread
OUTPUT: TITLE: Ham and Egg Strata | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 4 cups milk (do not use low-fat or nonfat); 8 large eggs; 2 teaspoons dry mustard; 2 teaspoons salt; 8 slices white sandwich bread, crusts trimmed, cut into 1-inch pieces; 2 cups diced ham; 1 green bell pepper, chopped; 1/2 cup chopped onion; 1 cup (packed) grated sharp cheddar cheese | INSTRUCTIONS: Butter 13 x 9 x 2-inch glass baking dish. Beat milk, eggs, mustard and salt in large bowl to blend. Mix in bread, ham, green pepper and onion. Transfer mixture to prepared dish. Cover and chill overnight. Preheat oven to 375°F. Bake strata uncovered until just set in center, about 50 minutes. Sprinkle cheese over. Bake until cheese melts, about 5 minutes longer. Let stand 10 minutes and serve. Butter 13 x 9 x 2-inch glass baking dish. Beat milk, eggs, mustard and salt in large bowl to blend. Mix in bread, ham, green pepper and onion. Transfer mixture to prepared dish. Cover and chill overnight <END>
INPUT: salad, beans, radishes, olive oil, shallots, wine vinegar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Green Bean and Radish Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound green beans, trimmed; 15 large red radishes, trimmed, cut into 1/4-inch-thick slices; 6 tablespoons olive oil; 2 shallots, chopped; 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar; 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook green beans in large pot of boiling salted water until crisp-tender, about 3 minutes. Add radishes and cook 30 seconds longer. Drain beans and radishes. Rinse with cold water; drain well. Combine all ingredients in large bowl and toss to coat. Let marinate 1 hour at room temperature, tossing occasionally. Season to taste with salt and pepper and serve. Cook green beans in large pot of boiling salted water until crisp-tender, about 3 minutes. Add radishes and cook 30 seconds longer. Drain beans and radishes. Rinse with cold water; drain well. Combine all ingredients in large bowl and toss  <END>
INPUT: heart, unsalted butter, granulated sugar, all purpose flour, Fisher® Slivered Almonds, cinnamon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Almond Heart Cookies | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 1/2 sticks unsalted butter, room temperature; 3/4 cup granulated sugar; 2 cups all-purpose flour, plus additional flour for rolling the cookies; 1/2 cup Fisher® Slivered Almonds, ground; 1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1/4 teaspoon ground nutmeg; 1 cup seedless raspberry jam; Powdered sugar (optional) | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: 2 heart-shaped (or round) cookie cutters: one about 1 1/2-inches and one about 3/4-inch Wax paper (or parchment) Rolling pin 3 baking sheets 1.Place almonds in a food processor and pulse until the almonds are ground. Set aside. 2.In the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with a paddle attachment, whip the butter until smooth. Add the sugar and continue mixing until the mixture becomes light and fluffy, 3 to 5 minutes. Take care to scrape down the sides of the bowl from time to time so the butter and sugar are fully integrated and somewhat "fluffy." In another bowl, combine and <END>
INPUT: plum tomatoes, onion, orange juice, wine, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Baked Red Snapper with Tomato, Orange and Saffron | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 plum tomatoes, chopped; 1/4 cup finely chopped onion; 1/4 cup orange juice; 3 tablespoons dry white wine; 1 large garlic clove, minced; 1 teaspoon grated orange peel; Pinch of saffron threads; 12 ounces (2 small or 1 large) 3/4-inch-thick red snapper fillet; 1 teaspoon olive oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 400°F. Combine first 7 ingredients in 9-inch square baking dish. Bake 15 minutes. Top hot tomato mixture with snapper. Brush snapper with oil. Season with salt and pepper. Cover and bake until fish is just cooked through, approximately 20 minutes. Serve. Preheat oven to 400°F. Combine first 7 ingredients in 9-inch square baking dish. Bake 15 minutes. Top hot tomato mixture with snapper. Brush snapper with oil. Season with salt and pepper. Cover and bake until fish is just cooked through, approximately 20 minutes. Serve. <END>
INPUT: Texmati rice, Orange zest, butter, Salt pepper, peas
OUTPUT: TITLE: Orange Rice and Peas | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 box Texmati rice; Orange zest; 1 tablespoon butter; Salt & freshly ground black pepper; 1 cup thawed frozen peas | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook Texmati rice according to package directions. At the last minute blend in orange zest and 1 tablespoon butter, salt, pepper and 1 cup thawed frozen peas. <END>
INPUT: bruschettas, Kosher salt pepper, rainbow chard, Good olive oil, garlic, round country bread
OUTPUT: TITLE: Bruschettas with Sauteed Chard | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 3 pounds fresh green or rainbow chard (4 bunches); Good olive oil; 2 large garlic cloves, thinly sliced; 1 round country bread, halved and sliced crosswise 1/2-inch thick; 1 garlic clove, cut in half; 1 lemon; Freshly grated Parmesan cheese; Fleur de sel, for serving | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring a very large pot of water to a boil and add 1 tablespoon of salt. If the stems of the chard are tough, remove them entirely from the leaves and discard. (If the stems are tender, simply cut the stems off at the base of the leaves and discard.) Wash the leaves thoroughly. Immerse the chard in the boiling water and cook for 3 minutes exactly from the moment you get all the leaves in the pot. Drain immediately but don¿t squeeze out the liquid. Warm 3 tablespoons of olive oil in a large (12-inch) saute pan. Add the sliced garlic and cook over medium heat for 30 seconds. Add the chard, sprink <END>
INPUT: Italian, greek, spaghetti squash, olive oil, garlic, cleaned shrimp, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Greek-Style Spaghetti Squash with Shrimp | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 large spaghetti squash (about 4 pounds); 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1 teaspoon minced garlic; 1 pound peeled and cleaned extra-large shrimp; 1/2 cup chopped onion; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 cups diced tomatoes; 1/2 cup roughly chopped kalamata olives; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh oregano leaves; 1 cup crumbled feta | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Cut the spaghetti squash in half and scrape out the seeds with a spoon. Place the halves cut-side down on a rimmed baking sheet and roast until the halves look somewhat wrinkly and collapsed, about 50 minutes. Remove from the oven and allow to cool for 15 minutes. Use a fork to scrape the inside of the squash to form spaghetti-like strands and transfer to a large serving bowl. Heat the oil over medium heat in a very large, deep skillet (or even a large Dutch oven or pot). Add the garlic and saute until just golden, about 30 seconds. Add the shrimp and onion,  <END>
INPUT: brut, olive oil, sweet onion, pink grapefruit, Prosecco, shallot
OUTPUT: TITLE: Scallops with Onion Purée, Pink Grapefruit, and Prosecco Brut | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup olive oil; 1 sweet onion (3/4 pound) such as Vidalia, OsoSweet, or Walla Walla, halved lengthwise and thinly sliced; 1 pink grapefruit; 3/4 cup Prosecco; 2 tablespoons minced shallot; 1 stick cold unsalted butter, cut into tablespoons, divided; 12 large sea scallops (about 1 1/2 pounds total), tough ligament from side discarded; 1 teaspoon vegetable oil; Garnish: chervil sprigs | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat olive oil in a 2- to 3-quart heavy saucepan over medium-low heat until it shimmers, then cook onion, covered, over low heat, stirring occasionally, until wilted, about 10 minutes. Stir in 1/2 teaspoon salt and 1/4 teaspoon pepper and cook, covered, stirring occasionally, until very tender but not colored, about 20 minutes more. (If onion begins to color, add 1 to 2 tablespoons of water as necessary during cooking.) Purée onion in a blender until smooth (use caution when blending hot foods). Transfer to a bowl; keep warm, covered. Cut 1/2 inch from top and bottom of grapefruit with a sharp <END>
INPUT: wrapped, asparagus spears, virgin olive oil, smoked turkey, chives
OUTPUT: TITLE: Smoked Turkey Wrapped Asparagus | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 12 asparagus spears; 1 1/2 teaspoons extra-virgin olive oil; 4 thin slices smoked turkey (about 1/4 pound); 12 chives, optional | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Pre-heat the oven to 400 degrees F. Break the woody end off each asparagus spear and peel the outermost layer off the lower 3/4 of the spear with a vegetable peeler. Place asparagus on a large plate, drizzle with the olive oil and toss gently so the oil is evenly distributed. Slice each slice of turkey lengthwise into three strips. Wrap one strip of turkey around each asparagus spear, leaving the tips of the asparagus unwrapped. If using, tie a blade of chive around each wrapped spear. Place the wrapped asparagus on baking tray and bake for12 minutes, turning onc <END>
INPUT: plantains, unsalted butter, hot rice
OUTPUT: TITLE: White Rice with Fried Plantains | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 ripe plantains; 4 tablespoons unsalted butter; 6 cups hot cooked white rice | INSTRUCTIONS: Peel the plantains and cut into 1/4-inch slices on the diagonal. Melt the butter in a large skillet over medium heat. Saute the plantains until golden brown and soft, about 2 minutes per side. Heap the rice on a platter and top with the browned plantains. Serve hot. <END>
INPUT: milk, egg yolks, sugar, sifted cornstarch, pure vanilla extract
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cognac Cream | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 cups milk; 10 extra-large egg yolks, at room temperature; 1 cup sugar; 4 tablespoons sifted cornstarch; 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract; 1 teaspoon Cognac; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1 tablespoon heavy cream | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat the milk in a medium stainless-steel saucepan over medium heat and bring almost to a boil. Remove from the heat. Beat the egg yolks and sugar on medium-high speed in the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment until pale and thick, about 5 minutes. With the mixer on low speed, sprinkle on the cornstarch. Beat on medium-low speed until combined, scraping down the bowl with a rubber spatula. With the mixer on low speed, slowly pour the hot milk mixture into the egg mixture. Pour the mixture back into the pan. Cook over low heat, stirring constantly, until the mixture thi <END>
INPUT: Mexican, garlic, lime juice, clear tequila, soy sauce, cilantro
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Tequila Garlic Lime Flank Steak | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup roughly chopped garlic (about 3 bulbs); 3/4 cup freshly squeezed lime juice (about 8 large limes); 1/2 cup clear tequila; 1/4 cup soy sauce; 1 bunch roughly chopped fresh cilantro, leaves and stems; 1 jalapeno pepper, seeded and diced; 1 serrano pepper, seeded and diced; 1 teaspoon cumin powder; 1 tablespoon freshly cracked black pepper; 1 1/2 to 2 pounds flank steak; 12 corn tortillas, wrapped in foil; 1/2 cup chopped fresh cilantro; 1 bunch radishes, cleaned, ends cut and sliced; 1/3 cup grated queso fresco cheese; 2 ripe avocados, seeded and sliced | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Combine the garlic, lime juice, tequila, soy sauce, cilantro, peppers, cumin and black pepper in a resealable plastic gallon bag. Add the steak and let marinate in the refrigerator for 2 hours. Remove from the refrigerator, and let marinate at room temperature another 30 to 45 minutes. Prepare a grill to medium-high heat. Remove the steak from the marinade, reserving the marinade. Put the marinade in small saucepot and bring to a boil. Then strain and reserve. Put the tortillas on the corner of the grill and flip the package a few times to heat through while the  <END>
INPUT: roast, four, garlic, Tbs. unsalted butter, Tbs. virgin olive, Dungeness crabs, sea salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Famous Roast Garlic Crab for Four | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4-5 garlic cloves; 6 Tbs. unsalted butter; 6 Tbs. extra-virgin olive oil; 4 Dungeness crabs, about 1-1/4 lbs. each, cooked, cleaned and cracked; sea salt (preferably Gray salt) and freshly ground pepper; 3 Tbs. freshly squeezed lemon juice; 1/4-cup finely chopped fresh flat-leaf parsley | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 500 degrees F. Heat the butter, olive oil and garlic in a very large ovenproof saute pan over medium-high heat until hot. You may need two pans for this. Add the crab, season to taste with salt and pepper and toss well. Transfer to the oven and roast until the garlic turns light brown and the crab is heated through (about 12 minutes). Toss once halfway through. Pour the contents of the pan into a large warm serving bowl, add the lemon juice and the parsley and toss well. <END>
INPUT: polenta, crackers, all purpose flour, cornmeal, Parmesan, tarragon, cayenne
OUTPUT: TITLE: Polenta Crackers with Roasted Wild Mushrooms | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 cup all-purpose flour, plus more for dusting; 1/2 cup yellow cornmeal; 1/3 cup grated Parmesan; 3/4 teaspoon finely chopped fresh tarragon; Pinch cayenne; Kosher salt; 4 tablespoons cold unsalted butter, cut into 1/2-inch pieces; 1/4 cup heavy cream, plus more as needed; 1 pound mixed wild mushrooms such as shiitake, oyster and cremini, sliced; 3 tablespoons olive oil; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh tarragon | INSTRUCTIONS: For the crackers: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper. Combine the flour, cornmeal, Parmesan, tarragon, cayenne and 1 teaspoon salt in a food processor and pulse to combine. Add the butter and pulse until incorporated. Add the heavy cream and process until the dough comes together. If the dough is too dry, add a little more cream, 1 teaspoon at a time, until the dough comes together. Lightly flour a sheet of parchment paper and place the dough on top. Shape the dough into a rectangle with your hands, then lightly flour the dough and roll it out with a ro <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, turkish, spiced, lemon juice, Baharat Seasoning, garlic, plain milk Greek, tahini
OUTPUT: TITLE: Turkish-Spiced Chicken Kebabs with Pomegranate Relish and Tahini Yogurt | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 3 1/2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 1 tablespoon Baharat Seasoning; 1 large garlic clove, pressed; 1/2 cup plain whole-milk Greek-style yogurt; 1/4 cup tahini (sesame seed paste); 1 1/4 cups pomegranate seeds; 2/3 cup shelled unsalted natural pistachios, coarsely chopped; 1/3 cup coarsely chopped fresh Italian parsley; 2 1/2 tablespoons olive oil; 2 1/2 teaspoons fresh lemon juice; 1/2 cup coarsely grated onion; 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 2 teaspoons Baharat Seasoning; 4 skinless boneless chicken breast halves, each halved lengthwise, then cut crosswise into 3 pieces | INSTRUCTIONS: For tahini yogurt: Combine lemon juice, Baharat Seasoning, and garlic in medium bowl; stir to blend. Let stand 5 minutes. Whisk in yogurt and tahini. Season tahini yogurt to taste with salt. DO AHEAD: Can be made up to 2 hours ahead. Let stand at room temperature. Combine lemon juice, Baharat Seasoning, and garlic in medium bowl; stir to blend. Let stand 5 minutes. Whisk in yogurt and tahini. Season tahini yogurt to taste with salt. DO AHEAD: Can be made up to 2 hours ahead. Let stand at room temperature. For pomegranate relish: Mix all ingredients in medium bowl. Season to taste with salt and <END>
INPUT: Mexican, tostadas, salsa, pork shoulder, onions, distilled vinegar, garlic, vegetable oil additional
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pork Tostadas with Corn Salsa | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2 pounds boneless pork shoulder, cut into 2-inch pieces; 2 yellow or white onions; 3 tablespoons distilled white vinegar; 2 garlic cloves, minced; 3 tablespoons vegetable oil plus additional for frying the tortillas; 3 ears of corn; 2 tomatoes, chopped fine; 1/2 cup finely chopped red onion; 1 to 2 fresh jalapeño chilies including the seeds, or to taste, minced (wear rubber gloves); 1/2 cup loosely packed fresh coriander, chopped fine; 4 tablespoons fresh lime juice; 2 avocados (preferably California); eight 7-inch corn tortillas | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large saucepan combine the pork, 1 of the yellow or white onions, sliced, the vinegar, salt to taste, and enough water to cover the mixture by 2 inches, bring the water to a boil, and simmer the mixture, covered partially, for 1 1/2 to 2 hours, or until the pork is tender. Let the pork cool in the broth, transfer it to a work surface, reserving 3/4 cup of the broth, and with forks shred it. In a large heavy skillet cook the remaining yellow or white onion, chopped fine, and the garlic in 1 tablespoon of the oil over moderately low heat, stirring, until the onion is softened and stir in th <END>
INPUT: American, pound, cake, sugar, eggs, pure vanilla extract
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cream Cheese Pound Cake | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cups (3 sticks) unsalted butter, plus more for pan; 1 (8-ounce package cream cheese (recommended: Philadelphia brand}; 3 cups sugar; 6 large eggs; 2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract; 3 cups all-purpose flour; 1 teaspoon salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 325 degrees F. Lightly butter a 10-inch tube pan, and line the bottom with parchment paper; set aside. Combine butter and cream cheese in the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, and beat on medium speed until smooth. Add the sugar, increase the speed to high, and beat until light and airy, about 5 minutes. Add the eggs, 1 at a time, beating after each addition and scraping down the sides of the bowl with a rubber spatula as needed. Add the vanilla, then the flour and salt all at once. Beat just until incorporated. Pour the batter into the prepared pan,  <END>
INPUT: Brussels sprouts, olive oil, sugar, balsamic vinegar, cranberries
OUTPUT: TITLE: Brussels Sprouts with Balsamic and Cranberries | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 pounds Brussels sprouts; 1/2 cup olive oil; 1 cup sugar; 3/4 cup balsamic vinegar; 1 cup dried cranberries | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Trim/clean the Brussels sprouts, then cut them in half. Arrange on 2 baking sheets and toss with the olive oil. Roast until brown, 25 to 30 minutes. Combine the balsamic vinegar and sugar in a saucepan. Bring to a boil, then reduce the heat to medium-low and reduce until very thick. Drizzle the balsamic reduction over the roasted sprouts, then sprinkle on the dried cranberries. <END>
INPUT: spinach, Salt, boned veal breast, garlic, butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pan-Roasted Veal Stuffed with Spinach | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 10 ounces fresh spinach; Salt; 2 pounds boned veal breast (if you purchase the breast bone-in, it should weigh about 4 pounds); 4 large garlic cloves, peeled; 2 tablespoons butter; 1 tablespoon vegetable oil; Freshly ground black pepper; 1/3 cup dry white wine; 1 cup coarsely chopped peeled fresh, ripe tomatoes, or 1 cup coarsely chopped canned whole peeled tomatoes with their juice | INSTRUCTIONS: Remove any large, thick stems from the spinach and rinse the leaves in cold water. Put the spinach in a pot with just the water that clings to the leaves and sprinkle with salt. Cover and cook over medium-high heat until all the spinach is wilted. Drain in a colander and press with a large spoon to remove as much water as possible. Lay the veal flat and trim the excess fat (do not remove all of it, or the roast will be too dry when done). Spread the spinach over the veal and add the garlic cloves evenly spaced apart. Roll up the veal jelly-roll fashion and tie it securely with kitchen twine. P <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, salad, lump crabmeat, virgin olive oil, roasted bell pepper, chives, torn basil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Crostini with Lump Crab Salad and Extra Virgin Olive Oil | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound fresh lump crabmeat; 1/2 cup extra virgin olive oil, plus more for drizzling; 1 roasted red bell pepper, seeded and diced; 1 tablespoon minced fresh chives; 1 tablespoon torn fresh basil; Juice and grated zest of 1 lemon; Kosher salt and cracked black pepper; 8 to 12 slices Rick's Basic Crostini | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. Pick through the crabmeat to remove any bits of shell. Transfer to a nonreactive bowl. 2. Add the 1/2 cup of olive oil, bell pepper, chives, basil, lemon juice and zest and mix well. Season to taste with salt and pepper. 3. Top each crostini with about 1 tablespoon of the crab mixture. Drizzle with olive oil and serve. 1. Pick through the crabmeat to remove any bits of shell. Transfer to a nonreactive bowl. 2. Add the 1/2 cup of olive oil, bell pepper, chives, basil, lemon juice and zest and mix well. Season to taste with salt and pepper. 3. Top each crostini with about 1 tablespoon of the  <END>
INPUT: south, union, chicken stock, potato, garlic, pepper, spring garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: South Union Spring Garlic and Potato Soup | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 cups chicken stock; 3 cups diced potato; 1/4 teaspoon minced fresh garlic; Pinch cracked black pepper; 3/4 cup chopped spring garlic (substitute green onions in off season); 1 1/2 cups heavy cream; 3 tablespoons cornstarch; 4 tablespoons cold water; 1 cup shredded pepper jack | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring chicken broth to a boil. Add potatoes. Lower heat to simmer. Add minced garlic and black pepper and cook for 30 minutes. Add spring garlic and heavy cream and cook for an additional 10 to 15 minutes. In a small bowl, mix cornstarch and water together to make a slurry. Slowly pour the slurry into the soup, and bring to a boil to thicken. Thickness of the soup will depend on starchiness of potato. When soup reaches desired thickness, add cheese. Thoroughly melt cheese and serve. <END>
INPUT: cups, almond biscotti, vanilla yogurt, raspberries, orange blossom honey, almonds
OUTPUT: TITLE: Frozen Fruit and Yogurt Cups | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 almond biscotti; 1 cup vanilla yogurt; 1/2 cup frozen raspberries, unthawed (or any type of frozen fruit); 4 teaspoons orange blossom honey; 4 tablespoons sliced almonds, toasted | INSTRUCTIONS: Coarsely crumble the biscotti into 2 small bowls. Puree the yogurt and frozen raspberries in a blender until smooth and thick. Spoon the yogurt mixture over the biscotti. Drizzle each bowl with the honey and sprinkle the almonds on top. Serve with a cup of Americano coffee, if desired. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, salad, dressing, Japanese eggplants, shiitake mushrooms, onions, Asian sesame oil, chuka soba
OUTPUT: TITLE: Asian Noodle Salad with Eggplant, Sugar Snap Peas, and Lime Dressing | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 4 Japanese eggplants, unpeeled, cut on diagonal into 1/3-inch-thick slices; 8 ounces fresh shiitake mushrooms, stemmed; 2 bunches green onions, trimmed; 1/4 cup Asian sesame oil; 1 6-ounce package dried chuka soba (Japanese-style) noodles; 1 8-ounce package sugar snap peas, trimmed; 7 tablespoons hoisin sauce; 3 1/2 tablespoons fresh lime juice; 4 teaspoons finely grated lime peel; 1 1/2 tablespoons minced peeled fresh ginger | INSTRUCTIONS: Prepare barbecue (medium-high heat). Combine first 3 ingredients; add Asian sesame oil and toss to coat. Sprinkle with salt and pepper. Grill vegetables until tender, turning often, about 7 minutes for eggplant and mushrooms and 5 minutes for green onions. Transfer mushrooms and onions to cutting board; cool slightly. Slice mushrooms and onions. Meanwhile, cook noodles in large pot of boiling salted water until almost tender but still firm to bite, about 3 minutes. Add sugar snap peas to noodles; cook 1 minute longer. Drain well. Transfer noodle mixture to large serving bowl. Add grilled veget <END>
INPUT: crusted, chips, slice onion, spicy mustard, mustard, mayonnaise, paprika
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pretzel-Crusted Pickle Chips with Mustard Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/4-inch-thick slice red onion, finely diced; 3 tablespoons spicy brown mustard; 11/2 tablespoons yellow mustard; 3 tablespoons mayonnaise; 1/2 teaspoon paprika; 3/4 teaspoon garlic powder; Kosher salt; Vegetable oil, for frying; 6 large dill pickles, sliced diagonally into 1/4-inch-thick rounds; 2 cups salted mini pretzels; 2 large eggs; 1/2 cup all-purpose flour; Celery salt, for sprinkling (optional) | INSTRUCTIONS: Make the sauce: Mix the onion, both mustards, the mayonnaise, paprika, garlic powder and salt to taste in a bowl. Set the sauce aside. Make the chips: Heat 1/2 inch vegetable oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Gently pat the pickle slices dry with a paper towel. Put the pretzels in a large resealable plastic bag and crush into coarse crumbs using a rolling pin or heavy pan; transfer to a plate. Whisk the eggs in a shallow bowl and put the flour in another bowl. Dredge the pickle slices in the flour, shaking off any excess; dip in the beaten eggs, then dip in the pretzel crumbs, turning t <END>
INPUT: lamb's kidneys, unsalted butter, shiitake mushrooms, shallots, Port
OUTPUT: TITLE: Saddle of Lamb Stuffed with Spinach, Kidneys and Red Wine Jus | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 lamb's kidneys; 3 1/2 tablespoon unsalted butter; 1 cup shiitake mushrooms; 2 shallots, finely chopped; 3 1/2 ounces Port; 3 cups fresh spinach, cooked and wrung out; 1 egg beaten; 1 (5 pound) lamb saddle, boned; 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard; 3 1/2 ounces olive oil; Fresh chervil, to garnish; Red wine jus (recipe follows); 7 ounces Port; 1 bottle red wine; 1 clove garlic, cut in half | INSTRUCTIONS: Dice the kidneys, having removed the white core and sweat in the butter with the shiitake mushrooms. Add the shallots and allow to brown, then add the port. Boil fiercely for 1 minute and then add the kidney mixture. When the port has almost evaporated, tip into a bowl and toss with the spinach. Add the egg and combine. Season the saddle of lamb and spread the inside of the meat with the Dijon mustard, salt and pepper. Spread the stuffing around, reform the saddle and tie. Roast in a prheated 425 degree oven for 40 to 45 minutes. Remove from oven and allow to rest for 15 minutes before slicing <END>
INPUT: cake, unsalted butter, waxy potatoes, kosher salt, pepper, nutmeg
OUTPUT: TITLE: Potato Cake | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1 1/4 pounds waxy potatoes, such as Yukon gold; 1 teaspoon kosher salt; Freshly ground black pepper; Freshly grated nutmeg; 2 tablespoons vegetable oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Melt 2 tablespoons of the butter in a microwave safe bowl and set aside. Peel and grate the potatoes with the shredding attachment of a food processor, or on the wide holes of a box grater. Transfer potatoes to a bowl, and season with salt, pepper, and nutmeg. Drizzle the oil and melted butter over the potatoes and toss to coat evenly. Heat a medium non-stick skillet over medium heat. Add the potatoes and spread to evenly fill the skillet. Cook the potato cake, adding a few nut size bits of the remaining butter around the edges until the underside is crispy brown, about 10 minutes. Reduce the  <END>
INPUT: macaroons, unsweetened coconut flakes, egg whites, coconut extract, confectioners' sugar, semisweet chocolate
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate-Coconut Macaroons | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups unsweetened coconut flakes; 2 egg whites; 1/2 teaspoon coconut extract; 1 cup confectioners' sugar; 2 ounces semisweet chocolate | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350 degrees. In bowl, mix together coconut, egg whites and extract. With mixer on low, feed in confectioners' sugar. Form into balls and line up on nonstick or parchment lined cookie sheet. Bake for 15 minutes and browned on the outside. Let cool. Melt chocolate in double boiler. Drizzle over macaroons with slotted spoon. <END>
INPUT: pudding, water, salt, butter, Arborio rice, milk
OUTPUT: TITLE: Arborio Rice Pudding | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup water; Pinch salt; 1/2 tablespoon butter; 1/2 cup Arborio rice; 2 cups whole milk; 4 tablespoons sugar; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; Few dashes ground cinnamon; Whipped cream, for serving | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring water, salt, and butter to a boil in a medium saucepan. Add the rice, return to a boil, and then reduce the heat to the lowest setting. Shake the pan occasionally and cook until rice has absorbed the water but it still al dente, about 15 minutes. Bring milk, sugar, vanilla, and a few dashes of cinnamon to a simmer in a separate saucepan. Add the cooked rice and cook at a simmer over medium-low heat until rice absorbs most of the milk and mixture starts to get thick and silky, about 10 to 15 minutes. Transfer pudding to a large bowl and cool to room temperature. Place in refrigerator unti <END>
INPUT: broccoli, olive oil, garlic, Salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Broccoli with Toasted Garlic | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound broccoli, washed and cut into florets; 1 tablespoon olive oil; 3 cloves garlic, thinly sliced; Salt and pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Put broccoli, with water still clinging to it from being washed, into a large microwave safe bowl or dish with a lid. Cover the bowl with the lid and microwave for 5 minutes. In the meantime, heat the oil in a large skillet over a medium heat and add the garlic. Cook the garlic in the oil, stirring frequently, until it is golden brown, about 3 minutes. Transfer the toasted garlic to a small dish. Remove the bowl of broccoli from microwave and carefully uncover it, drain it and pat it dry. Put the broccoli into the skillet with the olive oil and saute over a medium heat for 3 minutes. Sprinkle  <END>
INPUT: Italian, pesto, basil leaves, mint leaves, pine nuts, salt, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spinach and Mint-Basil Pesto-Stuffed Pork Loin | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup fresh basil leaves; 1/2 cup fresh mint leaves; 1/4 cup pine nuts; 1 teaspoon salt; 1 tablespoon minced garlic; 1/2 cup shredded Parmesan; 1/4 cup olive oil; 2 (3 pound) pork loins, 10 to 12-inches long; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1/2 cup crumbled feta cheese; 2 cups fresh spinach; 3 tablespoons grapeseed oil | INSTRUCTIONS: For the pesto: In a food processor fitted with a steel blade, pulse the basil and mint 3 to 4 times or until chopped, then add the pine nuts and salt and pulse an additional 2 to 3 times. Add the garlic and cheese, pulse 2 times. With the food processor running, slowly add the oil to blend, this should take 1 minute. Don't over-pulse or puree; this will result in a brown liquid sauce, not a bright herb pesto. For the pork: To butterfly the pork, place each loin on a cutting board and slice lengthwise through the center, about 3 inches deep, but not cutting all the way through, until it opens t <END>
INPUT: Mexican, gravlax, gin, tequila, lemon juice, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lemon Grass Gravlax | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 (2 pound) salmon fillet, skin on; 1 ounce gin; 1 ounce tequila; 2 ounces fresh lemon juice; 5 ounces sugar; 5 ounces salt; 7 ounces cracked black pepper; 3 ounces coriander seed, cracked; 2 lemon grass stalks, halved lengthwise; 1 ounce chopped dill; 1 ounce chopped fresh cilantro; Suggested servings: with mixed green salad, on toasted brioche, or on sticky rice patties | INSTRUCTIONS: Place salmon skin down on cheesecloth. Leave enough cheesecloth on all sides to completely cover finished product. Mix gin, tequila, lemon juice, and brush on fish. Mix sugar, salt, pepper, and coriander seed and spread evenly on fish. Place lemon grass on fish. Combine dill and fresh cilantro and spread evenly on fish. Wrap salmon in cheesecloth and place in a perforated pan (place tray underneath pan to collect juices) Place pan on top of fish with 2 to 3 pounds of weight. Cure under refrigeration for 3 days remove cheesecloth and scrape off the cure. Slice thinly keeping knife at a 30-degre <END>
INPUT: salad, herbs, water, farro, salt, tomatoes, sweet onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Farro Salad with Tomatoes and Herbs | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 cups water; 10 ounces farro (about 1 1/2 cups); 2 teaspoons salt, plus more to taste; 1 pound tomatoes, seeded and chopped; 1/2 sweet onion (recommended: Walla Walla) chopped; 1/4 cup snipped fresh chives; 1/4 cup finely chopped fresh Italian parsley leaves; 1 large garlic clove, minced; 2 tablespoons balsamic vinegar; Freshly ground black pepper; 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Combine the water and farro in a medium saucepan. Add 2 teaspoons of salt. Bring to a boil over high heat. Reduce the heat to medium-low, cover, and simmer until the farro is tender, about 30 minutes. Drain well, and then transfer to a large bowl to cool. Add the tomatoes, onion, chives, and parsley to the farro, and toss to combine. In a medium bowl, whisk together the garlic, vinegar, salt, pepper, and olive oil. Add the vinaigrette to the salad and toss to coat. The salad can be refrigerated overnight. Bring to room temperature before serving. <END>
INPUT: American, tomatoes, olive oil, garlic, bell pepper, poblano pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Steak with Garlic and Hot Pepper Marinade with Roasted Tomatoes with Cabrales Blue Cheese | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups olive oil; 1 head garlic cloves, smashed; 2 red bell pepper, roasted, quartered, peeled, seeded and coarsely chopped; 2 yellow bell pepper, roasted, quartered, peeled, seeded and coarsely chopped; 2 poblano pepper, roasted, quartered, peeled, seeded and coarsely chopped; 1/2 cup parsley, coarsely chopped; 4 whole New Mexico red chiles, coarsely chopped; 4 whole ancho chiles, coarsely chopped; 8 New York strip steaks, 10 ounces each; Garlic and Hot Pepper Marinade; Salt and pepper; 16 plum tomates, halved; Olive oil; Salt and pepper; 1/2 cup crumbled Cabrales blue cheese | INSTRUCTIONS: For the Marinade: Combine all ingredients in a mixing bowl. For the steaks: Place the steaks in a large shallow baking dish. Pour 1/2 of the marinade over the steaks and turn to coat. Cover and let marinate in the refrigerator at least 4 hours or overnight. Cover the remaining marinade and place in the refrigerator. One hour before cooking the steaks, remove marinade from the refrigerator and allow it to come to room temperature. Heat a grill pan over high heat until smoking or heat up an outdoor grill Remove steaks from the marinade, discard marinade, and season with salt and pepper, to taste <END>
INPUT: whole, buttercream, eggs, sugar, kosher salt, vanilla extract
OUTPUT: TITLE: Whole-Egg Lemon Buttercream | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 large eggs, room temperature; 1 1/2 cups sugar; 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt; 3 cups (6 sticks) unsalted butter, room temperature and very soft; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; 6 tablespoons lemon curd | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring 1 cup water to just below a simmer in a medium saucepan over medium-low heat. Using a handheld whisk, combine eggs, sugar, and salt in the bowl of a stand mixer. Place bowl on top of saucepan (it should not touch water) and cook egg mixture, whisking constantly, until lightened in color, thickened slightly, and an instant-read thermometer registers 160°F. Remove from heat and beat with stand mixer fitted with the whisk attachment on medium speed until completely cooled and tripled in volume, about 10 minutes. Add butter, 1–2 Tbsp. at a time, beating well after each addition until fully i <END>
INPUT: Asian, star anise, ginger, Shaohsing rice wine, Sichuan peppercorns, sea salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Crispy Duck | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 6 star anise; 4 tablespoons freshly grated ginger; 2 tablespoons Shaohsing rice wine or dry sherry; 2 tablespoons ground Sichuan peppercorns; 2 tablespoons sea salt; 1 tablespoon dark soy sauce; 1 tablespoon light soy sauce; 2 skin-on duck breasts, skin scored in a criss-cross pattern; 1 tablespoon groundnut oil (peanut); Salad greens, for service; 3 1/2 ounces water; 2 ripe plums, stoned and quartered; 2 ounces dried apricots, chopped; 2 tablespoons sugar; 1 tablespoon honey | INSTRUCTIONS: To make the marinade: Place the star anise, grated ginger, rice wine, peppercorns, salt, dark soy sauce, and light soy sauce, into a bowl, and stir to combine. Add the duck breasts to the marinade, cover the bowl with plastic wrap, and leave to marinate for 20 minutes. Preheat an oven to 400 degrees F. Heat a wok or pan over a high heat, and add the groundnut oil. Remove the duck from the marinade and place the duck into the hot wok or pan, skin-side down, and fry until the skin is brown and crisp, about 4 to 5 minutes. Transfer the duck to a sheet pan, skin-side up, and roast in the oven for  <END>
INPUT: bananas, Juice lime, dark rum, cinnamon, nutmeg
OUTPUT: TITLE: Baked Bananas | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 bananas; Juice of 1 lime; 1 tablespoon dark rum; 1/4 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1/8 teaspoon ground nutmeg; 1 tablespoon dark brown sugar; 1 tablespoon butter (optional) | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 400°F. Peel the bananas and slice in half lengthwise. Lay the pieces into a buttered 9x13x2-inch ovenproof dish. Pour the lime juice and rum evenly over the bananas. Sprinkle on the cinnamon, nutmeg, and brown sugar. Dot on the butter, if using, and bake for 10 to 15 minutes. Serve hot, topped with a tablespoon of fresh cream or ice cream. Preheat the oven to 400°F. Peel the bananas and slice in half lengthwise. Lay the pieces into a buttered 9x13x2-inch ovenproof dish. Pour the lime juice and rum evenly over the bananas. Sprinkle on the cinnamon, nutmeg, and brown sugar. D <END>
INPUT: halibut fillet, Salt pepper, butter, wild mushrooms, scallions
OUTPUT: TITLE: Braised Halibut with Paprika and Mushrooms | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 pounds halibut fillet; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1/2 cup butter; 3 cups chopped wild mushrooms; 3 chopped scallions; 1 red pepper, chopped; 2 tablespoons Hungarian paprika; 1 tablespoon flour; 1 cup fish stock; 1 cup sour cream | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Season pike liberally with salt and pepper. Melt butter in pan and sear both sides of fish. Remove from pan and set aside. Add mushrooms, scallions, pepper, and paprika and cook over low heat. Add flour and make a roux. Whisk in stock by thirds and bring to a simmer. Whisk in sour cream and check seasoning. Place fish back into the pan, cover, and roast in the oven 30 minutes or until fish is flaky. <END>
INPUT: tarts, all purpose flour, salt, sugar, ice water
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tomato Tarts | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 8 ounces (2 sticks) butter, very cold, cut into small pieces; 2 cups all-purpose flour; 1 teaspoon salt; 1 tablespoon sugar; 1/4 cup ice water, or as needed; 1 medium onion, thinly sliced; 1 tablespoon olive oil; Butter, for brushing pie tin; Finely ground cornmeal, for sprinkling on pie tins; 8 medium sized round tomatoes; 2 tablespoons, plus 2 teaspoons Dijon mustard (1 teaspoon per tartlet); 1 cup shredded cheddar (2 tablespoons per tartlet); Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 tablespoons, plus 2 teaspoons olive oil (1 teaspoon per tartlet); 1 large egg white, for egg wash | INSTRUCTIONS: Make tart dough: Put in the work bowl of a food processor, the flour, butter, salt and sugar. Pulse quickly until the butter is the size of peas. Add very cold, ice water in a small stream until the dough just comes together. Empty the work bowl out onto waxed paper and halve the dough. Using the ends of the paper, shape into 2 balls. Wrap in plastic wrap and place in refrigerator until ready for use. Make caramelized onion: In a skillet heat the olive oil until hot and cook the onions, stirring constantly, until golden. Remove from heat and let cool, set aside. To assemble tartlettes: Take 8  <END>
INPUT: martini, cranberry juice, Chambord, vanilla vodka, cranberries
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cranberry Martini | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1-ounce cranberry juice; 1/2-ounce Chambord; 1-ounce vanilla vodka; Fresh cranberries, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine all the ingredients in a cocktail shaker filled with ice. Shake and serve in a chilled martini glass. Garnish with fresh cranberries skewered on a cocktail skewer. <END>
INPUT: bread, kosher salt, all purpose flour, unsalted butter, Olive oil, Flaky sea salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Flaky Bread | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 teaspoon kosher salt; 3 cups all-purpose flour, plus more for surface; 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, plus more, room temperature, for brushing (about 10 tablespoons); Olive oil (for parchment); Flaky sea salt (such as Maldon) | INSTRUCTIONS: Whisk kosher salt and 3 cups flour in a large bowl. Drizzle in melted butter; mix well. Gradually mix in 3/4 cup water. Knead on a lightly floured surface until dough is shiny and very soft, about 5 minutes. Wrap in plastic; let rest in a warm spot at least 4 hours. Divide dough into 10 pieces and, using your palm, roll into balls. Place balls on a baking sheet, cover with plastic wrap, and let rest 15 minutes. Roll dough into thin rounds, brush with room-temperature butter, and roll up into ropes (see step-by-step instructions, below). Working with 1 coil at a time, roll out on an unfloured s <END>
INPUT: American, half, moons, kosher salt, polenta, Vegetable oil, virgin olive oil, Parmesan
OUTPUT: TITLE: Polenta Half-Moons with Whipped Goat Cheese | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 teaspoon kosher salt; 1 cup instant polenta; Vegetable oil cooking spray; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 2 tablespoons finely grated Parmesan; 4 ounces goat cheese, at room temperature; 3 tablespoons heavy cream, at room temperature; 3 tablespoons chopped fresh basil; 1/4 teaspoon kosher salt; 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 1/4 cup pine nuts, toasted | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Cook's Note: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Arrange the pine nuts in a single layer on a baking sheet. Bake until lightly toasted, 6-8 minutes. Cool completely before using. For the polenta: Preheat the broiler. Bring 3 cups water and the salt to a boil in a medium saucepan over medium-high heat. Stir in the polenta and continue to stir until the polenta is thick, 5 to 8 minutes. Transfer the polenta to a sheet of parchment paper. Roll the polenta into a 2 1/2-diameter log. Refrigerate until cool, 30 minutes. Spray a heavy baking sheet with vegetable oil cooking  <END>
INPUT: American, frittata, onions, olive oil, kosher salt, balsamic vinegar water, eggs
OUTPUT: TITLE: Goat Cheese, Prosciutto and Caramelized Onion Frittata | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 3 large onions; 1/4 cup olive oil; 1 teaspoon kosher salt; 1/4 cup balsamic vinegar or water, optional; 8 large eggs; 1/4 cup milk; 1 teaspoon salt; 4 ounces prosciutto di Parma; 1 tablespoon butter; 1 tablespoon olive oil; 2 ounces Parmesan, grated; 6 ounces goat cheese, crumbled; 1/2 cup caramelized onions; 1 tablespoon freshly chopped thyme leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: For the Onions: Remove the shoot and base of the onions. Peel off the onion skin and cut the onions from pole to pole. Cut the onion into 1/4-inch slices. Add the olive oil to a large saute pan over medium heat, then add the onions and season with the salt. Cook until the onions begin to wilt, about 30 minutes, stirring every 15 minutes to prevent sticking. Reduce the heat to low and continue to stir every few minutes as the onions reduce in size. If necessary, deglaze the pan with balsamic vinegar or water. Continue cooking until the onions are dark brown. Turn off the heat and scrape up any  <END>
INPUT: cake, chunks, all purpose flour, baking powder, fine sea salt, unsweetened coconut, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Coconut Cake with Chocolate Chunks and Coconut Drizzle | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 3/4 cups all purpose flour; 2 teaspoons baking powder; 1 teaspoon fine sea salt; 1 cup unsweetened shredded coconut*; 3/4 cup sugar; 1/2 cup (1 stick) unsalted butter, room temperature; 2 teaspoons (packed) finely grated orange peel; 2 large eggs; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; 1 cup canned unsweetened coconut milk**; 6 ounces bittersweet chocolate bars (do not exceed 61% cacao), broken into 1/2-inch irregular pieces, divided; 1/2 cup sweetened flaked coconut; 3/4 cup powdered sugar; 2 tablespoons (or more) canned unsweetened coconut milk**; 1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract | INSTRUCTIONS: Cake: Preheat oven to 350°F. Generously butter 9-inch-diameter cake pan with 2-inch-high sides; dust pan with flour, shaking out excess. Sift 1 3/4 cups flour, baking powder, and sea salt into medium bowl. Stir in unsweetened shredded coconut and set aside. Using electric mixer, beat sugar, butter, and orange peel in large bowl until light and fluffy. Add eggs 1 at a time, beating well after each addition. Beat in vanilla. Add flour mixture in 3 additions alternately with coconut milk in 2 additions, beating just until blended after each addition. Fold in half of bittersweet chocolate pieces.  <END>
INPUT: confetti, butte, bell pepper, corn, water
OUTPUT: TITLE: Confetti Corn | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons butte r; 1/2 red bell pepper, diced; 1/2 green bell pepper, dice; 2 cups frozen corn; 1/4 cup water; Salt; Pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Melt butter in sauce pan and cook diced peppers over medium heat for 4 minutes. Stir in corn and water. Cover and cook for 6-8 minutes. Season with salt and pepper and serve; <END>
INPUT: Italian, ravioli, eggs, all purpose flour, water, Ricotta Cheese Filling, ricotta cheese
OUTPUT: TITLE: Homemade Ravioli with Ricotta Cheese Filling | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 4 eggs, plus 2 eggs, beaten, for egg wash; 3 cups all-purpose flour, plus additional for dusting; 1/2 cup water; Ricotta Cheese Filling, recipe follows; 1 cup ricotta cheese, well drained; 1 egg; Salt and pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: In an electric mixer fitted with a dough hook, add eggs, 1 at a time, and mix. Continue mixing and add all the flour and water; continue mixing until it forms a ball. Sprinkle some flour on work surface, and knead the dough until elastic and smooth. Wrap the dough in plastic wrap and let it rest for about 30 minutes to allow the gluten to relax. Cut the ball of dough in half, cover and reserve the dough you are not immediately using to prevent it from drying out. Dust the counter and dough with flour. Form the dough into a rectangle and roll it through the pasta machine, 2 or 3 times, at its w <END>
INPUT: caviar, coulis, eggplant, olive oil, lemon juice, garlic, tomatoes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Eggplant Caviar with Fresh Tomato Coulis | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 large eggplant (about 18 ounces); 1/4 cup plus 1 1/2 tablespoons olive oil (preferably extra-virgin); 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 1 garlic clove, minced; 1 1/2 pounds tomatoes (about 6); 1 teaspoon salt; 1/4 teaspoon (scant) ground white pepper; 4 fresh basil sprigs | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 400°F. Place eggplant on baking sheet. Pierce eggplant several times with fork. Bake until very soft and skin wrinkles and cracks, about 45 minutes. Cool slightly. Cut baked eggplant in half lengthwise. Peel off skin. Place eggplant in sieve and let drain 45 minutes. Finely chop eggplant. Whisk 1/4 cup olive oil, lemon juice and garlic in medium bowl to blend. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Add eggplant; toss to coat. (Can be prepared 6 hours ahead. Cover and refrigerate.) Bring medium pot of water to boil. Add tomatoes to boiling water and blanch 30 seconds. Using slott <END>
INPUT: butter, egg, sifted self rising, firmly light sugar, Italian prune plums
OUTPUT: TITLE: Plum Cake | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 tablespoons butter, cubed, at cool room temperature, plus more for the pan; 1 large egg; 3/4 cup sifted self-rising cake flour; 1/2 cup firmly-packed light brown sugar; 12 ounces ripe Italian prune plums, pitted and quartered (about 12 plums); Whipped cream or ice cream, for serving, optional | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Generously butter the bottom and sides of a 9 1/2-inch deep-dish pie pan. Use a fork to beat the egg with 1/4 cup water in a small bowl until combined. Put the flour and sugar in the bowl of a food processor and pulse until the mixture is uniform. Drop in the butter cubes, toss with a fork to coat in the flour mixture and pulse until the mixture is crumbly and moist, about 8 long pulses. Add half of the egg mixture and process about 15 seconds. Add the remaining egg mixture and process an additional 15 seconds. The batter should be homogenous but not too thic <END>
INPUT: preserved, pumpkin, cal, short chunks, Mexican loaf sugar, allspiece berries
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sweet Preserved Pumpkin | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: One 7- to 8-pound pumpkin; 1/2 to 3/4 cup cal (slaked lime); 4 or 5 short chunks (3 to 4 inches) fresh sugarcane, optional; 3 1/2 pounds Mexican brown loaf sugar (panela or piloncillo) or 3 1/2 pounds (about 8 cups) dark brown sugar; 2 teaspoons allspiece berries, bruised; 1 6-inch piece canela | INSTRUCTIONS: Cut the pumpkin into 6 equal wedges. Remove and discard the seeds and stringy pulp, then cut each wedge in half crosswise. Prick the rind all over with the tines of a fork to help the slaked lime solution and sugar penetrate. Pour 5 quarts cold water into a stainless-steel or heavy-duty plastic bucket. Add 1/2 cup of the slaked lime and stir with a wooden spoon to dissolve thoroughly. Taste the solution; it should have a noticeably astringent "bite." If not, stir in more lime a tablespoon at a time. Add the pumpkin wedges and loosely cover the bucket. Let stand overnight (about 10 hours) in a  <END>
INPUT: torte, unsalted butter, semisweet chocolate chips, powdered sugar, egg yolks, eggs
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate Torte with Coffee Cream | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup unsalted butter; 1 cup semisweet chocolate chips; 1 1/4 cups powdered sugar, sifted; 5 large egg yolks; 3 large eggs; 1/4 cup cake flour, sifted; Nonstick cooking spray; 1 cup heavy cream; 2 tablespoons coffee flavored liqueur; 6 large strawberries with stems; 2 tablespoons sugar; 2 tablespoons chopped roasted marcona almonds; Cocoa powder, for dusting; Mint sprigs, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat a convection oven to 375 degree F. If using a regular oven preheat to 400 degrees F. Bring some water to a simmer in a medium pot over medium heat. Put 3/4 cup of the butter and 3/4 cup of the chocolate into a bowl that fits on top of the pot without the bottom of the bowl touching the water. Put the bowl onto the pot. When the butter and chocolate have melted, remove it from the heat and whisk in the powdered sugar. In a separate bowl, whisk the egg yolks and eggs over the simmering water to warm the eggs. Fold in the chocolate mixture, then fold in the cake flour. Spray 6 (4-ounce) c <END>
INPUT: American, panfried, dumplings, onion, unsalted butter, boiling potatoes, Muenster cheese, dumpling wonton wrappers
OUTPUT: TITLE: Panfried Potato, Onion, and Cheese Dumplings | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 medium onion, chopped; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1/2 pound boiling potatoes, peeled and cut into 1-inch pieces; 1/2 cup grated Muenster cheese; About 22 dumpling or wonton wrappers; 2 tablespoons vegetable oil; 1/3 cup water | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook onion in butter with 1/4 teaspoon salt in a heavy medium skillet over medium-low heat, covered, stirring occasionally, 5 minutes. Uncover and cook onion, stirring frequently, until deep golden- brown, about 20 minutes more. Meanwhile, cover potatoes with water in a small saucepan and season well with salt. Bring to a simmer and cook until tender, about 10 minutes. Drain and mash, then stir in onion and cheese. Put a rounded teaspoon filling in center of a wrapper. Lightly brush wrapper with water, then fold in half (diagonally if square) and press to seal. Form remaining dumplings. Heat o <END>
INPUT: leaf, brussels sprouts, virgin olive oil, wine champagne vinegar, maple syrup, baby spinach
OUTPUT: TITLE: Brussel Leaf and Baby Spinach Sauté | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound brussels sprouts; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1 tablespoon white wine or champagne vinegar; 1 tablespoon maple syrup; 4 cups baby spinach; 2 generous pinches of sea salt; 1/2 cup Marcona almonds | INSTRUCTIONS: Working with one brussels sprout at a time, peel each individual leaf, starting from the outside and working toward the middle. Continue to peel until you get to the tough core where it is just too tight to pull any more leaves. Discard the core and put the leaves in a big bowl. Repeat with the remaining brussels sprouts. Over medium heat, warm the olive oil in a large frying pan. Add all of the brussels leaves and sauté for about 30 seconds. Add the vinegar and maple syrup and toss to coat. Add the spinach to the pan and toss until it is just barely wilted. It is better just slightly underdon <END>
INPUT: cook, rigatoni, virgin olive oil, broccoli rabe, Salt pepper, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Quick Cook - Rigatoni | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound rigatoni; 7 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 2 bunches broccoli rabe, washed, separated into coarse stems and florets, and chopped into 1-inch pieces; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 teaspoon garlic, finely chopped; 1 tablespoon unsalted butter; 2 bunches baby spinach, washed; 2 bunches Swiss chard, washed and cut into 1-inch pieces; 2 bunches arugula, washed, coarse stems removed, and chopped into 1-inch pieces; 1 pint red and yellow cherry tomatoes, washed and cut into halves; 1/4 cup black olives, pitted and cut into halves; 6 sun-dried tomatoes, packed in oil, cut into 1/2-inch cubes; 3 tablespoons capers, packed in vinegar, drained and rinsed; 2 tablespoons aged balsamic vinegar | INSTRUCTIONS: Put the rigatoni in a pot of boiling water. Cook until al dente, about 10 minutes. Meanwhile, in a medium saute pan set over medium heat, heat 3 tablespoons olive oil. Saute the broccoli rabe stems 1 minute, until softened. Season with salt. Add the broccoli rabe florets and 1/2 teaspoon garlic. Cook until the broccoli rabe is fork-tender, about 5 minutes. Set aside. In a second saute pan, heat 2 tablespoons olive oil and 1 tablespoon butter over medium heat. Add the spinach, and cook for 5 minutes, covered, until wilted but still green. Set aside. In a third saute pan, heat 2 tablespoons oliv <END>
INPUT: beef tenderloin, olive oil, Kosher salt, pepper, bourbon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Bourbon Beef Tenderloin with Micro Greens | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound beef tenderloin; 2 tablespoons olive oil; Kosher salt; Freshly ground black pepper; 1 pint bourbon; 1/4 cup veal glace; 1 cup micro greens | INSTRUCTIONS: Cut beef into 1-inch diameter medallions, 1/4-inch thick, rub with olive oil and season with kosher salt and ground black pepper. Simmer bourbon until reduced by 3/4. Add veal glace. Adjust seasoning with salt and pepper. Remove from heat and chill. Sear beef medallions until rare. Chill. Garnish with bourbon reduction and micro greens. <END>
INPUT: Italian, Kosher salt, heavy cream, truffle butter, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tagliarelle with Truffle Butter | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: Kosher salt; 1/2 cup heavy cream; 3 ounces white truffle butter; Freshly ground black pepper; 1 (8.82-ounce) package Cipriani tagliarelle dried pasta or other egg fettuccine; 3 tablespoons chopped fresh chives; 3 ounces Parmesan, shaved thin with a vegetable peeler | INSTRUCTIONS: Add 1 tablespoon salt to a large pot of water and bring to a boil. Meanwhile, in a large (12-inch) saute pan, heat the cream over medium heat until it comes to a simmer. Add the truffle butter, 1 teaspoon salt, and 1/2 teaspoon pepper, lower the heat to very low, and swirl the butter until it melts. Keep warm over very low heat. Add the pasta to the boiling water and cook for 3 minutes, exactly. (If you're not using Cipriani pasta, follow the directions on the package.) When the pasta is cooked, reserve 1/2 cup of the cooking water, then drain the pasta. Add the drained pasta to the saute pan  <END>
INPUT: Mexican, taquitos, Vegetable oil, rotisserie chicken, mild Cheddar cheese, cumin, chunky salsa
OUTPUT: TITLE: Crispy Chicken Taquitos | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: Vegetable oil, for frying; 2 cups shredded rotisserie chicken; 1 cup shredded mild white Cheddar cheese; 1/2 teaspoon ground cumin; 1/2 cup chunky prepared salsa, plus more for serving, optional; Eight 6-inch flour tortillas; 1/2 cup sour cream, for serving, optional | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: 8 toothpicks Add enough oil to a heavy bottom straight-sided pan to come 2 inches up the sides. Heat over medium heat to 350 degrees F on a deep-fry thermometer. Meanwhile, mix together the chicken, Cheddar, 1/2 cup salsa and the cumin in a medium bowl. Spoon about a 1/4 cup of the mixture into the center of each tortilla. Roll the tortillas tightly around the filling and secure with a toothpick. Working in batches of 2 or 3 at a time, place the taquitos in the hot oil and fry, flipping as needed to brown evenly, until crispy and golden brown, about 3 minutes. Using tongs, r <END>
INPUT: twists, spiced, all purpose flour, lard, wine
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pastry Twists with Spiced Sugar-Honey Glaze | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cups all purpose flour; 1/4 teaspoon (generous) salt; 1/8 teaspoon (generous) active dry yeast; 1/4 cup lard, cut into 1/2-inch cubes, room temperature; 1/2 cup dry white wine, room temperature; Extra-virgin olive oil (for frying); 1 cup honey; 1 cup powdered sugar; 1 tablespoon ground cinnamon; 1/2 teaspoon ground nutmeg; Special equipment: Fluted pastry wheel | INSTRUCTIONS: For pastries: Whisk flour, salt, and yeast in medium bowl to blend well. Add lard and rub in with fingertips until mixture resembles coarse meal. Make well in center of mixture and pour wine into well. Stir with fork until shaggy dough forms. Gather dough together and turn out onto lightly floured work surface. Knead dough until smooth and elastic, adding warm water by teaspoonfuls if dough is dry, about 10 minutes. Line large baking sheet with parchment paper. Roll out dough on lightly floured surface to 1/8-inch thickness. Using fluted pastry wheel, cut dough into 1 1/4-inch-wide by 4-inch-l <END>
INPUT: cremini mushrooms, unsalted butter, flat leaf parsley, garlic, anchovy paste
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Mushrooms with Garlic-Anchovy Butter | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 12 cremini mushrooms; 1 stick unsalted butter, at room temperature; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh flat-leaf parsley; 2 cloves garlic, minced; 1 teaspoon anchovy paste; 1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil; Finely grated fresh lemon zest, for sprinkling; Freshly ground pepper; Crusty bread, for serving | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Remove the stems from the cremini and save for another use. Sprinkle the caps inside and out with salt and place stemmed-side up in a small baking dish; caps should be touching. 2. Use a fork to mash the butter with the parsley, garlic, and anchovy paste until smooth. Stuff each cap with some of the butter. Drizzle the olive oil over the mushrooms and bake until the mushrooms are tender and the butter has melted, about 20 minutes. Sprinkle with lemon zest and pepper over the top. Serve with crusty bread. <END>
INPUT: beer, pork tenderloins, lager, reduced sodium soy, apple cider vinegar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Beer-Marinated Pork Tenderloin with Red Cabbage | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 pork tenderloins (1 1/2-1 3/4 pounds total); 1/4 cup lager; 1/4 cup reduced-sodium soy sauce; 2 tablespoons (packed) brown sugar; 1 tablespoon plus 1 teaspoon apple cider vinegar, divided; 3 tablespoons olive oil; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1/2 medium red cabbage, cored, cut into 1/2" strips; 1 apple, peeled, cored, chopped; 2 bay leaves; Kosher salt, freshly ground pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Place pork in a large resealable plastic bag. Whisk lager, soy sauce, brown sugar, and 1 tablespoon vinegar in a small bowl; pour into bag with pork and seal. Chill, turning occasionally, for at least 4 and up to 24 hours. Preheat oven to 400°F. Heat oil in a large ovenproof skillet over medium-high heat. Remove pork from marinade, allowing any excess to drip off (reserve marinade). Cook pork, turning, until browned on all sides, 8-10 minutes. Transfer skillet to oven and roast until an instant-read thermometer inserted into thickest part of pork registers 140°F, 10-15 minutes. Transfer to a p <END>
INPUT: bisque, live lobster, onion, celery, carrot, vine ripened tomato
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lobster Bisque | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: a 3-pound live lobster; 1 medium onion; 1 celery rib; 1 carrot; 1 vine-ripened tomato; 1 head garlic; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh tarragon leaves; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh thyme leaves; 1 bay leaf; 8 black peppercorns; 1/2 cup brandy; 1/2 cup dry Sherry; 4 cups fish stock*; 1/4 cup tomato paste | INSTRUCTIONS: Fill a 6-quart kettle three fourths full with salted water and bring to a boil. Plunge lobster headfirst into water and cook, covered, over high heat 8 minutes. Transfer lobster with tongs to a large bowl and in a measuring cup reserve 2 cups cooking liquid. Let lobster stand until cool enough to handle. Working over a bowl to catch the juices, twist off tail and claws and reserve juices. Reserve tomalley and discard head sacs and any roe. Remove meat from claws and tail, reserving shells and lobster body. (Lobster meat will not be cooked through.) Coarsely chop meat and transfer to a bowl. Ch <END>
INPUT: Italian, risotto, veal cheeks, Salt pepper, Vegetable oil, bacon, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Braised Veal Cheeks with Coconut Risotto | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 8 veal cheeks; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; Vegetable oil, for searing; 2 slices bacon, chopped; 1 onion, chopped, plus 1/2 onion, diced; 1 carrot, peeled and chopped; 1 stick ginger, chopped; 4 cups red wine; 3/4 cup soy sauce; Skin from 1 whole pineapple; 4 cups veal stock; 2 to 3 tablespoons butter, plus 1 tablespoon; 1 cup arborio rice; 2 1/2 cups chicken broth; 1 can coconut milk | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 300 degrees F. Season the veal cheeks with salt and pepper on both sides. Heat a large skillet over medium-high heat, and then add enough oil to lightly coat the skillet. Let the oil heat, and then add the veal to the pan, and sear it on all sides until browned. In a Dutch oven or oven-safe pot, cook the bacon slowly over low heat. Add the chopped onion, carrot, and ginger, and cook for 4 minutes. Add the wine, soy sauce, and pineapple skin, and bring to a boil. Add the veal stock, and return to a boil. Add the seared veal cheeks, and place pot in the oven to braise for 2 1 <END>
INPUT: vanilla bean, sugar, egg yolks, heavy cream, fat free milk
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cherry Ice Cream | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 vanilla bean; 1 cup sugar; 8 large egg yolks; 2 cups heavy cream; 2 cups fat-free milk; Pinch of salt; 1/2 cup black cherry concentrate; 1/4 cup glucose or corn syrup; 1 1/2 cups Simple Poached Cherries, recipe follows; 2 pounds Bing cherries, pitted; 1/4 cup sugar; 1/4 cup black cherry concentrate | INSTRUCTIONS: Prepare an ice bath; set aside. Split the vanilla bean lengthwise with a sharp paring knife. Gently scrape out all the seeds. Whisk together 1/2 cup sugar with the yolks; set aside. Place the vanilla bean scrapings and pod in a medium saucepan with the cream, milk, and the remaining 1/2 cup sugar and pinch of salt. Bring the milk mixture just to a simmer. Using a measuring cup or a ladle, slowly pour about 1/2 cup of the hot milk mixture into the egg-yolk mixture, whisking constantly. Keep adding milk mixture, about 1/2 cup at a time until it has all been added. Pour mixture back into saucepan <END>
INPUT: cups, vanilla ice cream, brewed Chai tea, pepper, ginger
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chai Ice Cream in Caramel Cups | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pint vanilla ice cream; 1/4 cup brewed Chai tea, chilled; 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 1/2 teaspoon ground ginger; 1/2 teaspoon ground cloves; 1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1/2 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg; 1/2 teaspoon ground cardamom; Caramel squares; Sliced almonds for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper. Soften the ice cream in a large bowl. Add the tea and spices and mix until thoroughly combined. Pack and re-freeze at least 2 hours. Unwrap the caramel squares and place them on the baking sheet spaced about 2 inches apart. Bake until melted and softened. Place another piece of parchment on top and press the caramel into a circle. Cool another 2 minutes. Peel the caramel circles off the parchment and press into mini muffin pans to form a small cup shape. Cool completely. Scoop ice cream into cups and garnish with almo <END>
INPUT: Italian, salad, vinaigrette, corn, Kitchen twine, onion, grape tomatoes, Thai basil leaves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Corn and Tomato Salad with Thai Basil Vinaigrette Dressing | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 8 large ears corn; Kitchen twine; 1 small or 1/2 large red onion, finely chopped; 2 cups grape tomatoes, quartered lengthwise; 4 to 5 large Thai basil leaves, roughly chopped; Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper; 1/2 cup chopped Thai basil leaves; 1/2 cup chopped cilantro leaves; 1/4 cup lime juice; 1/4 cup orange juice; 1 tablespoon honey; 2 teaspoons freshly grated ginger; 1 teaspoon lime zest; 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt; 1/2 teaspoon fresh cracked black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat a grill to medium-high heat. Salad: Peel back the corn husks, but do not remove them completely. Carefully pick off and discard the wispy silk threads that are attached to the corn. Pull the husks back over the ears and tie the ends closed with kitchen twine. Soak the corn in large bowl of cold water for 10 minutes. Drain the water, shake off the excess and put them on the grill for 15 minutes, turning every 3 to 4 minutes until the corn is tender. Remove them from the grill and let the ears cool to room temperature. Vinaigrette: While the corn is cooling <END>
INPUT: Asian, grapeseed oil, onion, bell pepper, beans, cremini mushrooms
OUTPUT: TITLE: Best Bok Choy | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons grapeseed oil; 1 medium red onion, thinly sliced; 1 red bell pepper, julienned; 1 1/2 cups green beans, ends trimmed, cut into 2 to 3-inch pieces; 2 cups cremini mushrooms, wiped clean, halved and sliced; 3 baby bok choy, sliced into 1/2-inch pieces; 3 cloves garlic, thinly sliced; 1 tablespoon soy sauce; 2 teaspoons fish sauce; Freshly cracked black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: In a wok or large saute pan, add the grapeseed oil and when almost smoking, add the onions and bell peppers. Saute, stirring constantly, for 2 minutes. Add the green beans and mushrooms and cook for 2 minutes more. Add the bok choy, garlic, soy sauce, and fish sauce and saute until just wilted. Add pepper, to taste, and serve immediately. <END>
INPUT: American, monkey, bread, Two tubes refrigerated, mild Cheddar, packet powdered cheese, bacon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Bacon Mac and Cheese Monkey Bread | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 sticks (12 tablespoons) unsalted butter, melted; Two 16-ounce tubes refrigerated biscuit dough; 3 1/2 cups shredded mild Cheddar; 1 packet powdered cheese mix from your favorite boxed mac and cheese; 6 slices cooked bacon, crumbled | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Special equipment: A 10-inch nonstick Bundt pan Position a rack in the lower third of the oven and preheat to 350 degrees F. Put the butter in a medium bowl. Brush the Bundt pan with some of the butter to lightly coat. Cut the biscuits into quarters. Combine the Cheddar and powdered cheese mix in a large bowl and stir together. Working in batches, toss one-third of the biscuits in the melted butter, roll them in the cheese mixture to lightly coat and add them to the Bundt pan so they are nestled together in an even layer; sprinkle with one-third of the bacon. Rep <END>
INPUT: salad, lemon juice, olive oil, Bibb lettuce, heart romaine
OUTPUT: TITLE: Avocado Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup fresh lemon juice; 1/2 cup olive oil; 2 (6- to 8-oounce) firm-ripe avocados; 3 heads Bibb lettuce (3/4 pound total), leaves torn if large; 1 heart of romaine, sliced crosswise into 1-inch pieces; 3 medium radishes, thinly sliced | INSTRUCTIONS: Whisk together lemon juice, 1/2 teaspoon salt, and 1/4 teaspoon pepper, then whisk in oil. Quarter, pit, and peel avocados, then cut into bite-size pieces. Toss with greens, radishes, and just enough dressing to coat. Season with salt and pepper. Whisk together lemon juice, 1/2 teaspoon salt, and 1/4 teaspoon pepper, then whisk in oil. Quarter, pit, and peel avocados, then cut into bite-size pieces. Toss with greens, radishes, and just enough dressing to coat. Season with salt and pepper. <END>
INPUT: stock, chicken bones, celery, carrots, onion, parsnip
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken Stock | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 5 pounds chicken bones, rinsed well under cold water; 3 celery stalks, quartered; 2 medium carrots, quartered (2 1/2 cups); 1 large onion, coarsely chopped (2 1/2 cups); 1 large parsnip, peeled and coarsely chopped (1 1/2 cups); 1/4 cup fresh Italian parsley sprigs; 1 teaspoon fresh thyme leaves; 1 bay leaf; 10 whole black peppercorns | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine all the ingredients in a large pot, add 4 quarts water, and slowly bring to a boil over medium heat. Skim off the foam that rises to the surface. Reduce the heat and simmer very gently, uncovered, for 4 hours, skimming the surface every 30 minutes or so and adding more hot water if the level gets too low. Strain the stock through a colander and then through a fine-mesh strainer into a bowl or other container. (The stock can be refrigerated, tightly covered, for up to 2 days or frozen for up to 3 months; remove any hardened fat from the surface before using.) Combine all the ingredients <END>
INPUT: Italian, pesto, walnuts, baby spinach leaves, basil, salt taste, olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spinach-Basil Pesto | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup roughly chopped walnuts; 4 cups baby spinach leaves; 2 cups fresh basil; 1 teaspoon salt or to taste; 1/2 cup olive oil; 1/4 cup grated Parmesan Cheese | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350°F. Fill a large stockpot three-quarters full with water and bring to a boil over high heat. Meanwhile, spread out the walnuts on a small rimmed baking sheet and roast in the oven for about 12 minutes, giving them a shake after 6 minutes. Continue roasting until golden brown and toasted. Set aside and allow to cool thoroughly. Fill a large bowl halfway with ice and water, and set it close to the sink. Dump the spinach and basil into the boiling water and stir. After 1 minute, strain the greens, and plunge them into the bowl with ice water. Drain the greens again and sque <END>
INPUT: American, curried, butter, vegetable oil, onion, garlic, chile
OUTPUT: TITLE: Curried Macaroni and Cheese | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 stick butter; 1 teaspoon vegetable oil; 1/2 red onion, diced; 2 cloves garlic, minced; 1 green chile, split lengthwise, optional; 1 tablespoon curry powder; 1/4 cup plus 2 tablespoons all-purpose flour; 5 cups (2 percent low-fat) milk; 2 1/2 cups Provolone or any other mild cheese, grated; 1 1/4 pounds elbow macaroni pasta, prepared according to package instructions; 1/2 cup bread crumbs; Bunch asparagus, trimmed; Kosher salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. In a large pot, melt the butter with the oil over medium heat. Add in the red onion, garlic, and green chile and saute until tender, approximately 2 minutes. Sprinkle over the curry powder and all of the flour, stirring to create a roux. Whisk to remove the lumps, and cook the flour for approximately 1 minute. Slowly pour in the milk while whisking to create a curried creamy sauce over low heat. Bring the sauce to a simmer, and continue whisking for 2 minutes. Remove the pot from the heat, discard the green chile, and add 2 cups grated Provolone, and stir unt <END>
INPUT: curried, salad, madras curry powder, lemon, mayonnaise, turkey breast meat, pears
OUTPUT: TITLE: Quick Curried Turkey and Pear Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon madras curry powder; 1 lemon, juiced; 1/2 cup mayonnaise; 2 cups 1/2 inch diced turkey breast meat; 2 pears, peeled and cut 1/2 inch dice; 3 scallions, sliced; Salt and black pepper; 2 romaine lettuce hearts, washed, dried, and cut into large chiffonade | INSTRUCTIONS: Mix the curry with the lemon juice, to dissolve. Mix in the mayonnaise. Fold in with the turkey, pears, and scallions. Season. Serve on a bed of romaine leaves. Wine suggestion: Bernadus Chardonnay 1997 <END>
INPUT: Italian, olive oil, center fin tuna, lemon pepper, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Yellow Fin Tuna Farfalle | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1-ounce olive oil; 6 ounces center cut yellow fin tuna; 1-ounce lemon pepper; 1 tablespoon minced peeled garlic; 1 tablespoon fresh, fresh basil; 1-ounce Chablis wine; 4 ounces heavy cream; 1-ounce shredded Parmesan; 1/2-ounce sun-dried tomatoes; 1 artichoke heart; 3 1/2 ounces cooked farfalle pasta; 1-ounce feta; Blanched broccoli florets; 1 diced plum tomato; Salt and pepper, to taste | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat saute pan over high heat, add oil. Lightly dredge tuna in lemon pepper. Pan sear quickly, about 1 minute each side. Finish in 375-degree oven to desired doneness, best served rare or medium rare. Remove tuna from the pan to a warm plate. Add garlic, basil, and wine to pan, reduce 30 seconds. Add cream and Parmesan, sun-dried tomatoes, artichokes, farfalle pasta, cook 2 to 3 minutes until pasta is hot. Put faralle on plate or pasta bowl and placed seared tuna on top. Sprinkle with feta and garnish with blanched broccoli florets, and diced tomato. <END>
INPUT: olive oil, garlic, Italian seasoning, pepper flakes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Italian Green Beans | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 (12-ounce) bag green beans (recommended: Birds Eye Steamfresh); 2 tablespoons olive oil; 2 teaspoons chopped garlic; 2 teaspoons Italian seasoning; 1/4 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes; Salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook the green beans in the microwave according to package instructions Heat the olive oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Add the garlic, Italian seasoning, red pepper flakes, a generous pinch of salt and pepper and saute for 2 minutes. Add the green beans, toss to coat them in the oil and saute another 2 minutes. Serve hot. <END>
INPUT: American, center bacon, unsalted butter, Pullman bread, really good quality, tomatoes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Brie and Goat Cheese with Bacon and Green Tomato | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 16 slices center-cut bacon, cut into 1/2-inch thick pieces; 2 sticks unsalted butter, at room temperature; 8 slices Pullman bread, sliced 1-inch thick; 8 to 12 ounces really good quality brie; 2 green tomatoes, sliced 1/4-inch thick; Watercress; 8 ounces soft goat cheese, cut into 8 slices (recommended: Boucheron goat cheese); Salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Place the bacon in a large skillet or griddle and cook until golden brown and crisp. Remove to a paper towel-lined plate. Break each piece into fourths and set aside. Heat a cast iron griddle or cast iron pan over medium heat. Spread butter on 1 side of each slice of bread. Layer 4 of the slices of the bread with 3 to 4 slices of brie, 2 tomato slices, watercress, 2 slices goat cheese, and 4 slices of broken up bacon and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper. Place the remaining bread slices on top, butter side up and cook on the griddle until golden brown on both sides and the brie <END>
INPUT: mother, first beef brisket, vegetable oil, onions, garlic, paprika
OUTPUT: TITLE: My Mother's Brisket | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: a 5- to 6-pound first-cut beef brisket; 3 tablespoons vegetable oil; 3 large yellow onions, cut into 1/2-inch pieces (about 5 cups or 3 pounds); 2 or 3 large garlic cloves, or to taste, minced; 1 teaspoon paprika, preferably Hungarian; 3/4 teaspoon salt; 3/4 teaspoon freshly ground pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 375°F. In a Dutch oven or other heavy baking pan large enough to hold brisket heat 1 tablespoon oil in oven 10 minutes. Pat brisket dry and season with salt and pepper. Roast brisket in pan, uncovered, 30 minutes. While brisket is roasting, in a large heavy skillet cook onions in remaining 2 tablespoons oil over moderately high heat, stirring, until softened and beginning to turn golden. Reduce heat and cook onions, stirring occasionally and reducing heat if necessary, until deep golden, about 20 minutes more. Stir in garlic, paprika, salt, and pepper and cook 1 minute. Stir in <END>
INPUT: Asian, asparagus, dark sesame oil, soy sauce, garlic, sesame seeds
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sesame Grilled Asparagus | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound asparagus; 2 tablespoons dark sesame oil; 1 tablespoon soy sauce; 1 clove garlic, minced; 2 tablespoons sesame seeds; Salt and black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: Wooden toothpicks or bamboo skewers In a shallow pan, soak skewers in cold water for 1 hour, then drain and set aside. Preheat grill to high. Snap off the woody bases of the asparagus and discard. Skewer 4 or 5 asparagus spears together, using the toothpicks or 2 bamboo skewers, forming a raft shape. In a small bowl, combine the sesame oil, soy sauce, and garlic and stir with a fork to mix. Brush this mixture on the asparagus rafts on both sides. Season the asparagus with a little salt and lots of pepper. When ready to cook, place the asparagus rafts on the hot grate and gri <END>
INPUT: French, pepper, Olive oil, olive oil, Dijon mustard
OUTPUT: TITLE: Loin of Lamb in Salt Crust | CUISINE: French | INGREDIENTS: Freshly ground pepper, to taste; Olive oil, for brushing baking sheet; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 2 (14-ounce) boneless, trimmed lamb loins; 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh thyme; 2 tablespoon chopped fresh tarragon; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley; Salt Crust Dough (about 1/2 recipe) | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F. Lightly oil a large baking sheet. In a large skillet, heat the oil over high heat. Add the lamb loins and cook, turning occasionally, until seared on all sides. Transfer to a platter and refrigerate until completely cooled. Brush each lamb loin with the mustard. Combine the thyme, tarragon, and parsley on a plate, and roll each loin in the herbs to coat. Divide the dough in half. According to the directions in the Salt Crust Dough recipe, roll out each portion as thinly as possible. Wrap each loin completely with dough. Place on the prepared baking sheet. Bak <END>
INPUT: skinned sweet potatoes, balsamic vinegar, soy sauce, Chinese broccoli broccoli
OUTPUT: TITLE: Arctic Char with Chinese Broccoli and Sweet Potato Purée | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 red-skinned sweet potatoes (yams; about 2 1/2 pounds); 1 teaspoon (or more) hot prepared Chinese mustard; 1 cup balsamic vinegar; 1 1/2 teaspoons soy sauce; 1 pound Chinese broccoli or broccoli rabe (rapini),* large outer leaves removed, cut crosswise on diagonal into 1/4-inch-thick slices; 2 slices bacon, cut into 1-inch pieces; 2 teaspoons yellow mustard seeds; 4 5- to 6-ounce arctic char fillets; 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, divided | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 400°F. Wrap sweet potatoes individually in foil. Roast until tender, 1 to 1 1/2 hours. Cool and peel. Puree in processor until smooth. Measure 3 cups puree and transfer to microwave-safe bowl. Stir in mustard. Season with salt. DO AHEAD: Can be made 1 day ahead. Cover and chill. Boil vinegar in small saucepan until reduced to ` cup, about 8 minutes. Stir in soy sauce. Remove from heat. Cook broccoli in pot of boiling salted water until crisp-tender, about 1 minute. Drain; set aside. Cook bacon in medium skillet over medium heat until edges are crisp. Transfer to paper towels to <END>
INPUT: Italian, cheesecake, almonds, almond biscotti, granulated sugar, unsalted butter, eggs
OUTPUT: TITLE: Ricotta Cheesecake With Almonds | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup sliced almonds; 5 ounces almond biscotti; 2 tablespoons granulated sugar; 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted; 3 large eggs, at room temperature, separated; 1/2 cup plus 2 tablespoons granulated sugar; 1 pound fresh ricotta (about 2 cups); 1 tablespoon amaretto liqueur; 1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract; 1/2 teaspoon almond extract; Grated zest of 1 orange; 1 tablespoon confectioners' sugar; 1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1/3 cup sliced almonds, for topping | INSTRUCTIONS: Make the crust: Position a rack in the lower third of the oven and preheat to 350 degrees F. Spread the almonds for both the crust and topping (1/4 cup plus 1/3 cup) on a rimmed baking sheet and bake until golden, about 5 minutes. Let cool. Crumble the biscotti into a food processor; add 1/4 cup toasted almonds and the granulated sugar and pulse until finely ground. Add the butter and pulse to combine. Press the mixture into the bottom of an 8-inch springform pan. Bake until set, about 12 minutes, then transfer to a rack and let cool completely. Reduce the oven temperature to 300 degrees F. Me <END>
INPUT: crisp, squares, fine quality bittersweet, heavy cream, Tia Maria, espresso powder coffee
OUTPUT: TITLE: Crisp Chocolate Marshmallow Squares | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 5 ounces fine-quality bittersweet chocolate (no more than 60% cacao if marked), chopped; 3 ounces fine-quality bittersweet chocolate (70% cacao), chopped; 3/4 cup heavy cream; 2 tablespoons Tia Maria, Kahlúa, or other coffee–flavored liqueur; 1 tablespoon instant-espresso powder or instant-coffee granules; 1/4 pound marshmallows (15 individual large marshmallows or 2 cups small); 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 2 tablespoons sugar; 2 tablespoons unsweetened cocoa powder; 3/4 teaspoon salt; 3 cups puffed-rice cereal such as Rice Krispies | INSTRUCTIONS: Make ganache: Melt chocolates with cream, liqueur, and espresso powder in a metal bowl set over a saucepan of barely simmering water or in top of a double boiler, whisking occasionally, until smooth, 6 to 8 minutes. Remove from heat and let stand at room temperature until thickened, about 2 hours. Melt chocolates with cream, liqueur, and espresso powder in a metal bowl set over a saucepan of barely simmering water or in top of a double boiler, whisking occasionally, until smooth, 6 to 8 minutes. Remove from heat and let stand at room temperature until thickened, about 2 hours. Make marshmallow <END>
INPUT: French, spring, canola oil, lamb stew meat, Kosher salt pepper, onions, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spring Lamb Stew | CUISINE: French | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons canola oil; 5 pounds boneless lamb stew meat, cut into 1 to 1 1/2-inch cubes, preferably from the shoulder, plus bones; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 medium yellow onions, peeled, halved and cut into 1/2-inch thick slices; 12 cloves garlic, peeled, plus 2 for toasting, divided; 1 tablespoon dark brown sugar; 12 small parsnips, washed and thoroughly peeled; 12 small carrots, washed and thoroughly peeled; 1 cup dry vermouth; 2 bay leaves; 1/4 cup smooth Dijon mustard; 2 quarts beef or lamb stock; Olive oil, for toasting; 1 baguette, sliced; 2 cups curly mustard greens, washed, dried and torn into bite-size pieces, optional | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. For me, small carrots and parsnips symbolize the beginning of the spring season. This stew recipe celebrates that for me. Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Heat a Dutch oven over high heat and add the oil. Season the pieces of lamb on all sides with salt and pepper. When the oil begins to smoke lightly, use a pair of metal tongs to arrange the lamb, in a single layer, in the hot oil. Brown the meat on all sides. Remove the meat and transfer it to a medium bowl. Stir in the onions, garlic, and brown sugar. Season with salt and pepper, to taste, and cook for 2 to  <END>
INPUT: Italian, virgin olive oil, garlic, fennel seeds, pepper flakes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Zucchini Parmesan | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: For the sauce:; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 2 cloves garlic, thinly sliced; 1/2 teaspoon fennel seeds, chopped; 1/4 to 1/2 teaspoon red pepper flakes; 3 pounds plum tomatoes, cored and roughly chopped; Kosher salt; 1/2 cup chopped fresh basil; For the zucchini:; 2 medium-to-large zucchini; 3/4 cup all-purpose flour; 2 large eggs; 1/3 cup milk; 2 cups panko breadcrumbs; 1/2 cup grated parmesan cheese, plus more for sprinkling | INSTRUCTIONS: Make the sauce: Heat the olive oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Add the garlic, fennel seeds and red pepper flakes and cook, stirring, until the garlic is lightly golden, about 1 minute. Add the tomatoes and 1 teaspoon salt; cook, stirring occasionally, until the tomatoes begin to sizzle, about 5 minutes. Add half of the basil and 1/2 cup water and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat to medium low and simmer, stirring occasionally and smashing the tomatoes with the back of a spoon, 25 minutes. Stir in the remaining basil and season with salt. Prepare the zucchini: Preheat the oven to <END>
INPUT: cauliflower, broccoli, garlic, olive oil, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Cauliflower and Broccoli | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 small head cauliflower (2 pounds), cut into florets; 2 large stalks broccoli (1 pound), cut into florets; 1 head garlic, broken into cloves; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1/2 teaspoon salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Place cauliflower and broccoli into a 9 by 13 inch baking dish, toss with the olive oil, and sprinkle with salt. Cover the dish and bake for 1/2 hour. Remove the cover, stir and cook for 30 to 40 minutes more, until vegetables are tender and nicely browned, stirring occasionally. <END>
INPUT: chips, zucchini, virgin olive oil, malt vinegar, kosher salt, sweet paprika
OUTPUT: TITLE: Salt and Vinegar Zucchini Chips | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 large zucchini (about 1 pound); 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 2 tablespoons malt vinegar; 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt, plus more for sprinkling; 1/4 teaspoon sweet paprika | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 225 degrees F. Line two baking sheets with parchment paper. Slice the zucchini thinly (1/8-inch thick or less), either by hand or on a mandoline. Lay the slices in single layer on paper towels and pat dry. Whisk together the olive oil, vinegar and salt in a medium bowl. Add the zucchini and toss to coat. Spread the slices on the prepared baking sheets in a single layer without touching. Season with salt. Bake, rotating the trays from top to bottom every 20 minutes, until the zucchini slices are very crisp, about 1 hour 15 minutes. While still hot, toss the chips with the pa <END>
INPUT: roast, Parmesan, all purpose flour, lemon juice, Sea salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pan Roast Louisiana Blackfish with Corn, Crab and Caviar | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup grated Parmesan; 1 cup all-purpose flour; 6 (4-ounce) blackfish fillets, skin on; 1 teaspoon lemon juice; Sea salt; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; Silver Queen Corn Pudding, recipe follows; Saute of Crab and Baby Corn, recipe follows; Silver Queen Foam, recipe follows; 6 teaspoons Louisiana caviar, for garnish; 1 teaspoon minced fresh chives, for garnish; 1 teaspoon fresh chive blossoms, for garnish; 6 small sprigs fresh dill, for garnish; 6 small sprigs fresh chervil, for garnish; 1 quart heavy cream | INSTRUCTIONS: In a shallow bowl, combine Parmesan cheese and flour. Lightly score the skin side of the fillets several times to form a cross hatch pattern without cutting into the flesh of the fish. Season the portions of the blackfish with salt and a touch of lemon juice. Dredge the seasoned fish into the Parmesan/flour mixture. In a large heavy skillet over medium heat, add olive oil. Add fillets, skin side down. Cook until skin is crisp, about 4 minutes. Flip fish and cook until fish is just cooked through, about 2 minutes. Once the fish is cooked, remove it from the pan and place on absorbent towels to  <END>
INPUT: martini, watermelon, currant flavored vodka, orange flavored liqueur, lime juice, creme de cassis
OUTPUT: TITLE: Watermelon Martini | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup watermelon, seeded and diced; 1 1/2 ounces currant flavored vodka; 1 tablespoon orange flavored liqueur; 1 tablespoon lime juice; 1 tablespoon creme de cassis; Pickled watermelon rind, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Puree diced watermelon in a food processor. Strain through a fine mesh sieve. Fill martini shaker with ice. Add all ingredients and shake vigorously. Strain into chilled martini glass and garnish with pickled watermelon rind. <END>
INPUT: Italian, bread, unbleached all purpose, cornmeal, sugar, baking powder, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Corn Bread with Fresh Tomatoes and Mozzarella | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cups plus 1 tablespoon unbleached all purpose flour; 1/2 cup yellow cornmeal; 2 tablespoons sugar; 2 teaspoons baking powder; 3/4 teaspoon salt; 1/2 teaspoon baking soda; 1 cup 1/2-inch cubes mozzarella cheese (about 4 ounces); 1 cup chilled buttermilk; 2 large eggs; 1/4 cup olive oil; 1/4 cup chopped fresh Italian parsley; 2/3 cup diced seeded plum tomatoes (about 4 ounces) | INSTRUCTIONS: Position rack in bottom third of oven and preheat to 400°F. Butter 9x9x2-inch baking pan. Whisk 1 1/2 cups flour, cornmeal, sugar, baking powder, salt and baking soda in large bowl to blend well. Combine mozzarella cubes and remaining 1 tablespoon flour in small bowl; toss to coat. Whisk buttermilk, eggs, olive oil and chopped Italian parsley in medium bowl to blend. Add buttermilk mixture to flour mixture and stir just to combine (do not overmix). Sprinkle mozzarella cubes and diced tomatoes over batter; stir gently just to distribute evenly. Transfer batter to prepared pan. Bake corn bread u <END>
INPUT: shortbread, all purpose flour, salt, lemon zest, thyme
OUTPUT: TITLE: Thyme, Lemon, and Sea-Salt Shortbread | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 3/4 cups all-purpose flour; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 1 tablespoon freshly grated lemon zest; 1 1/2 teaspoons finely chopped fresh thyme; 1/2 cup (1 stick) unsalted butter at room temperature; 1 large egg, lightly beaten; 2 large egg yolks; 2 teaspoons water; 1 tablespoon coarse sea salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Stir the flour, salt, lemon peel, and thyme together in a medium bowl. With your fingertips, rub the butter into the dry ingredients until a coarse, crumbly mixture forms. Blend the lightly beaten egg, egg yolks, and water together. Reserve 1 tablespoon of the egg mixture for brushing. Make a well in the center of the flour. Add the remaining egg mixture and blend together with your hands without kneading the dough together; the dough will look a bit crumbly. Turn the dough out onto a lightly floured work surface. Knead the dough together once or twice, just until it sticks together. Press the <END>
INPUT: Italian, hash, basil leaves, Olive Oil, Kosher salt pepper, unsalted butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Basil Chicken Hash | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 2 whole (4 split) chicken breasts, bone-in, skin-on; 16 basil leaves; Olive Oil; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, divided; 2 pounds boiling potatoes, peeled and large diced; 2 red onions, chopped; 2 red bell peppers, large diced; 3 garlic cloves, minced; 2 teaspoons fresh thyme leaves; 1 teaspoon paprika; 1 tablespoon tomato paste; 4 minced scallions, white and green parts; 1/4 cup chopped fresh leaf parsley; Sour cream, Cheddar and sliced lemons, for serving | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Place the chicken breasts on a baking sheet. Loosen the skin from the meat with your fingers, leaving one side attached. Place 4 basil leaves under the skin of each chicken breast. Pull the skin over as much of the meat as possible so the chicken won't dry out. With your hands, rub each piece with olive oil and sprinkle very generously with salt and pepper. Bake the chicken for 35 to 40 minutes, until the skin is lightly browned and the chicken is just cooked through. Set aside until cool enough to handle, then remove the meat from the bones. Cut the chicken  <END>
INPUT: Mexican, salad, dressing, avocado, lime juice, chili garlic sauce, olive oil, maple honey turkey
OUTPUT: TITLE: Turkey Chopped Salad with Spicy Avocado Dressing | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 large avocado, halved, pitted; 1 1/2 tablespoons fresh lime juice; 1 1/2 teaspoons chili-garlic sauce*; 3 tablespoons olive oil; 2 cups diced cooked maple-honey turkey (about 10 ounces); 1 cup diced peeled jicama; 1 cup diced red onion; 1 large red bell pepper, diced; 1/2 cup plus 1 tablespoon chopped fresh cilantro; Romaine lettuce leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: Scoop avocado flesh into mini processor. Add lime juice, chili-garlic sauce, and olive oil and process until smooth. Season dressing generously with salt and pepper. Mix turkey, jicama, red onion, bell pepper, and 1/2 cup cilantro in large bowl. Add avocado dressing; toss to coat. Season with salt and pepper. Divide lettuce leaves among plates. Spoon salad into center and sprinkle with 1 tablespoon cilantro. Scoop avocado flesh into mini processor. Add lime juice, chili-garlic sauce, and olive oil and process until smooth. Season dressing generously with salt and pepper. Mix turkey, jicama, re <END>
INPUT: salad, flageolet navy beans, Kosher salt, wax beans, olive oil, rosemary
OUTPUT: TITLE: Oil-Poached Tuna Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup dried flageolet or navy beans, soaked overnight, drained, or one 15-ounce can navy beans, rinsed; Kosher salt; 1 pound green and/or wax beans; 3 cups olive oil; 2 sprigs rosemary; 2 garlic cloves; 4 4-ounce bigeye or albacore tuna steaks (about 1" thick); Freshly ground black pepper; 4 anchovies packed in oil, drained, finely chopped; 1 small shallot, finely chopped; 1/4 cup chopped fresh flat-leaf parsley; 1/4 cup (or more) fresh lemon juice; 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh dill plus small sprigs for serving; 1 cup small Sun Gold or cherry tomatoes, halved | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring flageolet beans and 4 cups water to a boil in a large saucepan, reduce heat, and simmer until beans are tender, 50-60 minutes; season with salt. Let beans cool; drain. Transfer to a medium bowl. (Do not cook canned beans.) Cook green beans in another large saucepan of boiling salted water until crisp-tender, about 5 minutes. Drain and transfer to a colander set in a bowl of ice water. Let cool; drain and set aside. Wipe saucepan dry. Heat oil, rosemary, and garlic in same saucepan over medium-low heat until deep-fry thermometer registers 160°F. Season tuna with salt and pepper and cook i <END>
INPUT: cherry, sauce, duck breasts, shallots, sherry vinegar, sugar, duck demi glace
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Duck Breast with Cherry Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 duck breasts, 6 to 8 ounces each; 2 shallots, finely chopped; 1/2 cup sherry vinegar; 1 teaspoon sugar; 1 pint duck demi-glace (beef will also work); Salt and pepper; 2 ounces butter; 1 cup griottes (small tart cherries from Provence, available in specialty shops) | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven: 450 degrees In an ovenproof or cast iron pan, sear the meat skin side first until it's crispy. Then flip meat over and roast until juices run clear. Remove meat from pan and let rest. Drain fat from pan. Add shallots, vinegar and sugar, cook until liquid caramelizes. Add demi-glace and season with salt and pepper. Strain hot sauce and finish by adding butter and cherries. Place each breast on a plate and slice. Serve with cherry sauce poured on top.; <END>
INPUT: scones, butternut squash, self rising flour, baking powder, ginger, unsalted butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Squash Scones | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 8 ounces butternut squash, peeled, cut into cubes; 8 ounces self-rising flour; 2 teaspoons baking powder; 1 heaping teaspoon ground ginger; 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, cut into cubes; 2 ounces caster sugar; 2 to 3 tablespoons whole milk | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. In a small saucepan, cover the squash with cold water, bring to a boil and simmer until tender, about 10 minutes. Drain and place back into empty hot saucepan to dry the squash. It is very important to drain well. Mash with a potato masher and drain again if necessary. Sift the flour, baking powder and ginger into a large bowl. Rub the butter into the flour mixture until the mixture resembles bread crumbs. Add in the sugar, mashed squash and 2 tablespoons of milk. Combine gently with a wooden spoon. Add more milk only if necessary to make a soft dough. Turn i <END>
INPUT: borscht, beets, Kosher salt pepper, thyme, virgin olive oil, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Beet Borscht | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound beets; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 6 sprigs fresh thyme; 6 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1 medium onion, chopped; 2 carrots, chopped; 2 cloves garlic, chopped; 6 cups chicken stock, heated; 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar; 1 tablespoon honey; 1 Granny Smith apple, peeled; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh dill; Sour cream, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat oven to 400 degrees F. Scrub the beets and put them on a large piece of aluminum foil; season with salt and pepper, add 3 thyme sprigs, and drizzle with 3 tablespoons olive oil. Bake until the beets are tender, about 1 hour. Set aside. When the beets are cool enough to handle but still warm, slip off their skins, and chop them into large chunks. In a large heavy bottomed pot over medium heat, add the remaining 3 tablespoons olive oil. Put in the onion, carrots, garlic, and remaining 3 thyme sprigs and cook until softened and just starting to color, about 10 minutes. Add the chicken stock  <END>
INPUT: American, shallots, olive oil, lemon juice, wine, thyme
OUTPUT: TITLE: Marinated Flank Steak | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 4 large shallots, chopped; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 2 tablespoons dry red wine; 1 1/2 teaspoons dried thyme; 1 1 1/2-pound flank steak, trimmed | INSTRUCTIONS: Whisk first 5 ingredients to blend in 13x9x2-inch glass dish, season with pepper. Add steak and turn to coat. Marinate steak up to 2 hours at room temperature or cover and refrigerate up to 1 day, turning steak occasionally. Preheat broiler. Remove steak from marinade. Broil steak to desired doneness, about 4 minutes per side for medium-rare. Transfer steak to platter. Thinly slice steak across grain on diagonal and serve. Whisk first 5 ingredients to blend in 13x9x2-inch glass dish, season with pepper. Add steak and turn to coat. Marinate steak up to 2 hours at room temperature or cover and r <END>
INPUT: three, beans, onion, rice wine vinegar, grapeseed oil, Salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Three Bean Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound fresh green beans; 1 red onion; 1/2 cup rice wine vinegar; 1/2 cup grapeseed oil, or salad oil; Salt and pepper; 1 1/2 cups canned garbanzo beans, drained; 1 1/2 cups canned dark red kidney beans, drained | INSTRUCTIONS: Cut the fresh green beans into 1-inch pieces, then steam and let them cool. Dice the red onion. Whisk the vinegar, oil and salt and pepper together in a bowl with a tight fitting lid, then add the green beans, garbanzo beans, red kidney beans, and onion and seal with the lid. Shake gently to coat the beans and then refrigerate overnight. Serve chilled as a salad or side dish. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, oven, sweet potatoes, olive oil, paprika, chili powder, coriander
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sweet Potato Oven Fries with Avocado Dip | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2 large sweet potatoes, peeled or unpeeled, cut into 4-inch long and 1/4 to 1/2-inch thick fries; 2 tablespoons olive oil, or more as needed; 1 teaspoon paprika; 1/2 teaspoon chili powder; 1/2 teaspoon ground coriander; Coarse ground rock salt and freshly ground black pepper, to taste; Avocado Dip, recipe follows; 1 avocado, see Cook's Note*; 1/3 cup mayonnaise; 1/3 cup cream cheese; 1 jalapeno, seeded and chopped; 2 scallions, white and light green part only, chopped; 1 lime, juiced; Salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat your oven to 450 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with aluminum foil and set aside. Place the sweet potatoes in a large bowl and toss with olive oil until the sweet potatoes are coated. Add the paprika, chili powder, coriander, salt, and pepper; toss to distribute evenly. Arrange the coated fries in a single layer on the prepared pan. Bake for 20 minutes on the lower rack until the sweet potatoes soften. Transfer the pan to the upper rack of the oven and bake 10 minutes longer, until fries are crispy. Serve with Avocado Dip. Place the avocado, mayonnaise, cream cheese, jalapeno, scallion <END>
INPUT: hangover, wrap, soft flour tortilla, unsalted butter, Kosher salt pepper, mayonnaise, mustard
OUTPUT: TITLE: Hangover Corned Beef Hash Wrap | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: One 10-inch soft flour tortilla; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 tablespoons mayonnaise; 1 teaspoon yellow mustard; 1 frozen hash brown patty; Cooking spray; 1/3 cup sliced deli or leftover corned beef, coarsely chopped (1 1/2 ounces); 1 large egg; 4 to 5 dill pickle chips; Squeeze of ketchup | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Brush the tortilla with 1 tablespoon of the butter, and sprinkle with some salt and pepper. Mix the mayonnaise and mustard together in a small bowl; set aside. Put the hash brown on a baking sheet, spray lightly with cooking spray and bake until browned and crisp, about 15 minutes. During the last 2 minutes of baking, put the buttered tortilla on the baking sheet, and cook until warmed through and pliable. Cut the hash brown into quarters. Meanwhile, heat a medium nonstick skillet over medium-high heat. Add the corned beef, and cook, breaking it up with a spa <END>
INPUT: Italian, mixed, herb, carrots, zucchini, linguine, flat leafed parsley, basil leaves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Linguine with Zucchini, Carrots, and Mixed Herb Pesto | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 4 medium carrots; 3 medium zucchini; 1 pound dried linguine; 1 cup packed fresh flat-leafed parsley leaves, washed well and spun dry; 1/2 cup packed fresh basil leaves, washed well and spun dry; 1 tablespoon fresh thyme leaves; 1 tablespoon fresh rosemary leaves; 1 tablespoon fresh tarragon leaves; 1/2 cup freshly grated Parmesan (about 1 1/2 ounces); 1/3 cup olive oil; 1/4 cup walnuts, toasted golden brown and cooled; 1 tablespoon balsamic vinegar | INSTRUCTIONS: Using a mandoline cut carrots and zucchini into 1/8-inch-thick julienne strips. (Alternatively, using a sharp knife, halve carrots and zucchini crosswise and cut lengthwise into 1/8-inch-wide pieces.) In a 6-quart kettle bring 5 quarts salted water to a boil. Add linguine and cook 8 minutes, or until barely tender. Add carrots and cook 1 minute. Add zucchini and cook 1 minute. Reserve 2/3 cup cooking water and drain pasta and vegetables. In a large bowl stir together pesto and reserved hot cooking water. Add pasta and vegetables and toss well. Using a mandoline cut carrots and zucchini into 1/ <END>
INPUT: morilles, heavy cream, unsalted butter, morels, all purpose flour, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Morels in Cream on Brioche (Morilles à la Crème) | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup heavy cream; 3 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1 pound fresh morels, trimmed, washed well, and patted dry; 1 tablespoon all-purpose flour; Freshly ground white pepper; 5 thin slices brioche or challah bread, crusts discarded, each slice cut into 4 triangles and toasted | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat cream in a small saucepan until hot. Heat butter in a 12-inch heavy skillet over moderately high heat until foam subsides, then sauté morels, stirring frequently, until golden, 6 to 8 minutes. Sprinkle in flour and cook, stirring, 1 minute. Stir in hot cream and reduce heat to low. Gently simmer, covered, stirring once, until morels are tender, 10 to 15 minutes. Season with salt and white pepper. Arrange 5 toasts on each of 4 plates and spoon morels and sauce on top. Serve immediately. Heat cream in a small saucepan until hot. Heat butter in a 12-inch heavy skillet over moderately high he <END>
INPUT: mississippi, catfish, all purpose flour, cornmeal, egg, sugar, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mississippi Catfish and Hushpuppies | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup all-purpose flour; 2 cups yellow cornmeal; 1 egg; 1 tablespoon sugar; 1 teaspoon salt; 4 green onions, chopped (stem and all); Buttermilk; Peanut oil; 2 cups yellow corn meal; 1/4 cup all-purpose flour; 2 tablespoons coarse black pepper; 1 tablespoon lemon pepper; 1 teaspoon paprika; Granulated garlic and salt; 2 cups whole milk | INSTRUCTIONS: Hushpuppies: Mix first 6 ingredients in mixing bowl. Add buttermilk as needed until batter reaches a thick, mashed potato-like consistency. Refrigerate for 45 minutes to 1 hour before using. Heat peanut oil to 325 degrees F. Using 2 teaspoons to drop the batter, dip the first teaspoon into water and then fill with hushpuppy batter. Use the other teaspoon to rake the batter into the oil. Cook for approximately 4 minutes until golden brown. The hushpuppies should roll over in the oil by themselves. If they do not, you may have to turn them. For the Catfish: Put first 6 ingredients into a large b <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, diamonds, log almond paste, eggs egg yolks, sugar, orange blossom water
OUTPUT: TITLE: Orange-Pistachio Phyllo Diamonds | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 sticks (12 tablespoons) unsalted butter, melted and cooled slightly, plus more for the pan; 1 7-ounce log almond paste, broken into small pieces; 2 large eggs plus 2 egg yolks; 1 cup sugar; 2 tablespoons orange blossom water; 1/2 teaspoon baking powder; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 1/4 teaspoon pure vanilla extract; 8 ounces frozen phyllo sheets, thawed and torn into pieces; 3/4 cup fresh orange juice; 1/4 cup honey; 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice; 1/4 cup unsalted pistachios, finely chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Butter the bottom and sides of a 9-inch square baking dish. Combine the almond paste, whole eggs, egg yolks, melted butter and 1/4 cup sugar in a food processor. Pulse until combined with a few small lumps of almond paste. Add 1 tablespoon orange blossom water, the baking powder, salt and vanilla; pulse to combine. Add the phyllo pieces and pulse until finely chopped. Spread the mixture evenly in the prepared pan. Bake until golden brown and firm on top, 25 to 30 minutes. Meanwhile, make the syrup: Heat the orange juice, honey, lemon juice, the remaining 3/4  <END>
INPUT: olive oil, center bacon, lamb stew meat, mushrooms, carrots
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lamb Stew with Sherry and Mushrooms | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons olive oil; 4 slices center-cut bacon; 2 pounds lamb stew meat; 4 cups mushrooms, quartered; 6 large carrots, roughly chopped; 5 cloves garlic, smashed; 2 Vidalia onions, roughly chopped; 1/4 cup all-purpose flour; 4 cups beef stock; 1/2 cup sherry; 3 bay leaves; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 cup heavy cream; 3 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley; 3 tablespoons fresh tarragon leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. In a large pot over medium-high heat, add the olive oil and bacon. When the bacon begins to lightly brown, remove it from the pot with a slotted spoon and set aside. Add the lamb and let the meat brown on all sides, about 3 minutes per side. Remove the meat with a slotted spoon and set aside. Chop the bacon into 1/4-inch pieces. Add the mushrooms, carrots, garlic, onions and bacon to the pot and stir. Mix in the flour. Add the beef stock, sherry, bay leaves and lamb. Add salt and pepper and cover the pot but leave a vent for the steam to escape. Bring the mixture <END>
INPUT: smoky, virgin olive oil, onion, garlic, merguez spicy Italian
OUTPUT: TITLE: Baked Eggs with Merguez Sausage, Tomatoes, and Smoky Paprika | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, plus more for brushing; 1 large onion, finely diced; 2 garlic cloves, minced; 1 pound fresh merguez or spicy Italian sausage, casings removed and meat crumbled; 1 (14.5-ounce) can chopped fire-roasted tomatoes; 1 1/2 teaspoon Spanish sweet smoked paprika; 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt; 8 large eggs; 1/2 cup cilantro, roughly chopped; Toasted bread, for serving; 8 ramekins or oven-safe bowls | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 400°F. Heat oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Add the onion and sauté until softened, about 5 minutes. Stir in the garlic and cook for 2 minutes more. Remove to a bowl and cook the sausage until brown, about 7 minutes. Spoon or pour off excess fat and return onions and garlic to the pan. Add the tomatoes, paprika, and salt. Cook until mixture has warmed through, about 2 minutes. Brush ramekins with olive oil. Divide the sausage mixture among the ramekins. With the back of a spoon, gently press into mixture to create a well. Top each with an egg. Bake until egg whites are <END>
INPUT: Mexican, lollipops, Desired type oil, chicken wings, honey, chipotle chilies adobo, Sea salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken Lollipops | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: Desired type of oil, for frying; 24 fresh whole chicken wings; 1 cup honey; 4 chipotle chilies in adobo sauce, finely chopped; Sea salt; 3 limes, quartered | INSTRUCTIONS: In a Dutch oven or other large heavy pot, heat 4 inches oil to 375 degrees F over medium-high heat. Using kitchen shears or a knife, separate the wings at the joint. Reserve the drumette, saving the wing for homemade chicken stock, if desired. Stand a drumette on its wide end and, holding the narrow bone at the top, use a paring knife to push and scrape the skin and meat downward to expose the bone and make a plump "lollipop" of chicken at the bottom. Repeat with the remaining drumettes. Place the honey and chopped chipotles in a bowl and whisk together. Fry the "lollipops" in batches until cr <END>
INPUT: sauce, ancho chile pods, canola oil, onion, garlic, plum tomatoes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Ancho-Red Pepper Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 ancho chile pods; 2 tablespoons canola oil; 1 large red onion, coarsely chopped; 3 cloves garlic, coarsely chopped; 2 cups plum tomatoes, and their juices; 3 roasted red peppers, coarsely chopped; 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar; 1 1/2 tablespoons honey; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1/4 cup chopped fresh cilantro leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: Put the ancho pods in a bowl and cover with boiling water. Let sit for 30 minutes, then remove the stems and seeds and coarsely chop. Reserve the soaking liquid. Heat the oil in a medium saucepan over high heat. Add the onions and cook until soft. Add the garlic and cook for 1 minute. Add the tomatoes, peppers and ancho chiles and cook until the tomatoes soften and break down and the liquid thickens, 20 to 30 minutes. Let cool for about and carefully transfer the mixture to a food processor and process until smooth. Add the vinegar, honey, salt, pepper, to taste, and cilantro and pulse a few t <END>
INPUT: mashed, fleshed potatoes Yukon, turnips, salt, unsalted butter, coarse bread crumbs
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mashed Turnips and Potatoes with Horseradish Bread Crumbs | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 pounds yellow-fleshed potatoes such as Yukon Gold; 1 1/4 lb turnips; 2 1/4 teaspoons salt; 7 tablespoons unsalted butter, cut into tablespoons; 1 cup coarse fresh bread crumbs (from 2 slices firm white sandwich bread); 2 tablespoons drained bottled horseradish, patted very dry between paper towels; 3/4 cup whole milk; 1/2 cup thinly sliced scallion greens; Unsalted butter for buttering pan; 1 teaspoon finely grated fresh orange zest; 1 1/4 cups fresh orange juice; 2 tablespoons molasses (not robust or blackstrap); 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/4 teaspoon black pepper; 4 large sweet potatoes (2 3/4 lb), peeled and cut lengthwise into 1-inch-wide wedges | INSTRUCTIONS: Peel potatoes and turnips, then cut into 2-inch pieces. Cover potatoes, turnips, and 2 teaspoons salt by 2 inches cold water in a 6-quart pot. Bring to a boil, then reduce heat and simmer, uncovered, until potatoes are tender, 15 to 18 minutes. While vegetables cook, melt 3 tablespoons butter in a 10-inch heavy skillet (preferably cast-iron), then toast bread crumbs with remaining 1/4 teaspoon salt, stirring frequently, until golden brown, 3 to 5 minutes. Add horseradish and toss until combined well, then transfer to a small bowl. Drain vegetables in a colander, then return to pot and mash. St <END>
INPUT: fizz, jiggers, jigger, Lemon twist
OUTPUT: TITLE: Dubonnet Fizz | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 jiggers (3 ounces) Dubonnet; 1 jigger (1 1/2 ounces) club soda, or to taste; Lemon twist | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large goblet half-filled with ice, pour Dubonnet. Add club soda and lemon twist. Stir. In a large goblet half-filled with ice, pour Dubonnet. Add club soda and lemon twist. Stir. <END>
INPUT: lemon juice, mirin, rice vinegar, soy sauce, lemon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sake Steamed Skate Wing with Napa Cabbage | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons lemon juice; 2 tablespoons mirin; 4 tablespoons rice vinegar; 3 tablespoons soy sauce; 1/4 lemon, zested; 1/4 teaspoon white soy sauce; 1/2 teaspoon yuzu juice; 1 teaspoon grapeseed oil; 2 quarts water; 1 cup sake; 1 sheet dashi kombu (about 8 by 4-inches); 4 (3 by 3 by 1/2-inch thick) filleted skate wings, skin removed and boned; 1 teaspoon grapeseed oil; 4 cups Napa cabbage, leaves cut into 1-inch squares, loosely packed; 1/4 teaspoon chopped garlic | INSTRUCTIONS: Ponzu: Combine all of the ingredients in a small, non-reactive saucepan. Bring to a boil. Remove from the heat, strain and discard zest. Keep warm. Yuzu Vinaigrette: Whisk all of the ingredients together in a small mixing bowl and set aside. Steaming Liquid: Place all of the ingredients in a large saucepan (large enough to keep the dashi kombu flat.) Bring to a boil over medium heat. Remove from the heat and set aside for 30 minutes. Remove the kombu and reserve both the liquid and the kombu. Put the steaming liquid in the bottom of your steamer and bring to a boil. Cut the kombu in half. Plac <END>
INPUT: sauce, low salt chicken, mushrooms, chicken breast halves, button mushrooms
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken with Creamy Mushroom Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup canned low-salt chicken broth; 1 ounce dried mushrooms (such as shiitake); 1/4 cup (1/2 stick) butter; 4 skinless boneless chicken breast halves; 1 pound button mushrooms, sliced; 1 medium onion, chopped; 1/3 cup whipping cream; 1/3 cup brandy; Chopped fresh parsley | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring broth to simmer in small saucepan. Remove from heat; add dried mushrooms. Let stand until mushrooms soften, about 30 minutes. Drain mushrooms, reserving soaking liquid. Cut off mushroom stems and discard; slice caps. Melt butter in heavy large skillet over medium-high heat. Season chicken with salt and pepper. Add chicken to skillet and sauté until almost cooked through, about 4 minutes per side. Using tongs, transfer chicken to plate. Add all mushrooms and onion to same skillet. Sauté over medium-high heat until almost all liquid evaporates and mushrooms begin to brown, about 12 minutes <END>
INPUT: empanadas, dipping, garlic, vegetable oil, scallions, sour cream, beef sirloin
OUTPUT: TITLE: Beef Chili Empanadas with Sour Cream Garlic Dipping Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 garlic cloves, finely chopped; 3 tablespoons vegetable oil, plus more for frying; 1 bunch scallions, thinly sliced, plus more for garnish; 1 cup sour cream; 1 pound ground beef sirloin; 1 green bell pepper, finely chopped; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 3 tablespoons chili powder; 1/4 teaspoon dried oregano; 3 tablespoons tomato paste; 1 cup shredded sharp cheddar cheese; 20 frozen empanada dough discs, thawed | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat the garlic and oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Cook, stirring, until the garlic becomes golden brown, about 2 minutes. Add the scallions and cook, stirring, just until bright green and tender, about 1 minute. Transfer half the garlic-scallion mixture to a medium serving bowl, stir in the sour cream, and refrigerate until ready to serve. Add the beef and pepper to the skillet and sprinkle lightly with salt and pepper. Raise the heat to high and cook, stirring to break the beef into small bits, until the meat is browned and cooked through, about 4 minutes. Stir in the chili powder, <END>
INPUT: Mexican, tartlets, salsa, seedless grapes, kosher salt, onion, balsamic vinegar, walnut oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Walnut and Brie Tartlets with Grape Salsa | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup seedless red grapes, cut in half; 1/4 teaspoon kosher salt; 2 tablespoons finely chopped green onion, green part only; 1 tablespoon balsamic vinegar; 2 teaspoons walnut oil; 1/4 teaspoon chopped fresh rosemary; 1/4 teaspoon minced garlic; 1/8 teaspoon pepper; 48 (11/2- inch) round savory pastry shells; 1/2 cup walnuts, toasted and chopped; 8 ounces Brie, rind removed | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 300 degrees. Put the grapes and kosher salt in a food processor and pulse until the grapes are coarsely chopped. Transfer to a strainer; let sit for a least 10 minutes. Mix the green onion, vinegar, oil, rosemary, garlic and pepper together in a small bowl. Add the grapes and mix well. ASSEMBLY: Arrange the shells on a baking sheet and fill each with 1/2 teaspoon walnuts, 1/2 teaspoon Brie, and 1/2 teaspoon grape salsa (use a fork to transfer the salsa to the shells to avoid capturing too much liquid). Bake until cheese begins to melt, about 5 minutes; do not overbake. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, wrapped, snapper fillets, banana leaves, poblano pepper, onion, virgin olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Red Snapper Wrapped in Banana Leaves | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 8 ounces red snapper fillets; 2 large banana leaves; 1 poblano pepper, sliced; 1/2 onion, sliced; 1/2 teaspoon extra-virgin olive oil; 1 tablespoon lime juice; 4 ounces HERDEZ® Salsa Verde; 4 ounces HERDEZ® Guacamole Salsa; Heat oven to 375°F; Clean fish and remove bones | INSTRUCTIONS: Toast banana leaves on stovetop to make pliable. Line baking pan with banana leaves and place fish on top of leaves. Arrange poblano peppers and onion over fish. In a small bowl, combine olive oil, lime juice, and HERDEZ® Salsa Verde; pour mixture over fish. Fold over banana leaves, fully enclosing fish. Bake 15 to 20 minutes. Remove fish from oven, open banana leaves and gently transfer fish and ingredients to plate, drizzle with HERDEZ® Guacamole Salsa. <END>
INPUT: cornbread, all purpose flour, cornmeal, sugar, salt, baking powder
OUTPUT: TITLE: Green Onion-Jalapeño Cornbread | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 cup all purpose flour; 3/4 cup yellow cornmeal; 1/4 cup sugar; 1 1/2 teaspoons salt; 1 1/2 teaspoons baking powder; 1 teaspoon baking soda; 1/2 cup thinly sliced green onions; 2 teaspoons minced jalapeño chile with seeds; 1 1/4 cups buttermilk; 2 large eggs; 1/4 cup (1/2 stick) unsalted butter, melted, cooled | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350°F. Butter 13x9x2-inch metal baking pan. Whisk flour, cornmeal, sugar, salt, baking powder, and baking soda in large bowl to blend. Stir in green onions and jalapeño. Whisk buttermilk and eggs in medium bowl to blend, then whisk in melted butter. Add buttermilk mixture to dry ingredients and stir just until blended (do not overmix). Transfer batter to prepared pan (batter will come only about 3/4 inch up sides of pan). Bake cornbread until lightly browned on top and tester inserted into center comes out clean, about 25 minutes. Transfer pan to rack and cool cornbread complet <END>
INPUT: poulet, creole, all purpose flour, salt, pepper, cayenne pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Poulet a la Creole (Curried Chicken with Pineapple, Cucumber, and Coconut) | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup all-purpose flour; 1 teaspoon salt; 1 1/2 teaspoons freshly ground black pepper; 1 tablespoon crushed red pepper; 1 teaspoon cayenne pepper; 1 (4-pound) fryer chicken, cut into 8 pieces; 2 ounces smoky bacon, cut into medium dice; 3 1/2 tablespoons canola oil; 4 cloves garlic, thinly sliced; 1 Scotch bonnet chile, stemmed, seeded, and minced; 1 large red onion, chopped; 2 tablespoons Madras curry powder; 1 cup fresh orange juice; 2 whole star anise; Pinch saffron threads | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. For the Seasoned Flour: If you are making the seasoned flour, simply mix together the flour, salt, and the peppers together in a bowl. Dust the chicken with the flour, shaking off any excess. Reserve. For the Chicken: In a large skillet, cook the bacon in the canola oil over medium heat, until it has rendered some of its fat. Add the chicken in batches, skin side down and sear, 2 minutes per side, turning once, until golden on all sides. Transfer the chicken to a roasting pan fitted with a rack; set the skillet aside. Bake the chicken for 25 to 35 minutes. Fo <END>
INPUT: veal chops, garlic, rosemary, olive oil, Salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pan Seared Veal Chop with Rosemary | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 veal chops, about 3/4-inch thick; 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped; 1 tablespoons fresh rosemary, finely chopped; 2 tablespoons olive oil; Salt and pepper; 1/2 cup white wine; 1/4 cup chicken stock | INSTRUCTIONS: Rub the chops with the garlic and rosemary, 1 tablespoon oil and salt and pepper and let sit on a plate for 15 minutes. Heat a large cast iron skillet over medium high heat and add remaining oil. Add chops to pan and cook until golden brown and then flip. Remove chops from pan to a baking dish and roast in 375 degrees F. oven for 10 minutes. Add wine and stock to cast iron pan and stir up brown bits from bottom. Serve chops with juice from pan. <END>
INPUT: sauce, bacon, onion, garlic, shiitake mushrooms, all purpose flour
OUTPUT: TITLE: Baked Eggs in Shiitake Wine Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 slices lean bacon; 1 onion, chopped; 3 garlic cloves, minced; 1 pound shiitake mushrooms, sliced, stems removed; 2 tablespoons all-purpose flour; 1 cup dry red wine; 1 cup chicken stock; 12 large eggs; 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, cut into bits; 2 tablespoons minced fresh parsley leaves; Cheese Puffs, recipe follows; Miniature Gougeres; 1 1/2 cups coarsely grated Gruyere; 1 recipe pate a choux, recipe follows; 1 cup water | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large heavy skillet cook the bacon over moderately low heat, turning it, until it is crisp, transfer it with a fork to paper towels to drain. In the fat remaining in the skillet cook the onion over moderately low heat, stirring, until it is softened. Add the garlic and mushrooms and cook the mixture, stirring, until almost all the liquid the mushrooms give off is evaporated. Add the flour and cook the mixture, stirring, for 3 minutes. Whisk in the wine and the stock, both heated, and salt and pepper to taste, bring the mixture to a boil, whisking, and simmer it, stirring occasionally, for <END>
INPUT: American, pudding, unsalted butter, good quality sandwich, goat cheese, eggs
OUTPUT: TITLE: Savory Goat Cheese and Tomato Bread Pudding | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature; 12 slices good-quality white sandwich bread, crusts trimmed off (about 8 ounces total); 5 ounces goat cheese, crumbled, or 6 ounces crumbled feta cheese; 8 ounces (1 pint basket) red or yellow cherry tomatoes, stemmed, and cut in half if large; 6 eggs; 2 cups milk; 3 tablespoons prepared pesto; 1/4 cup freshly grated Parmesan or aged Asiago cheese | INSTRUCTIONS: Grease the bottom of a 13 by 9 by 2-inch baking dish or other shallow 3-quart baking pan. Butter each bread slice on one side. Stack the bread, 6 at a time, and cut on the diagonal into triangles. Place half of the bread pieces, buttered sides down, in the bottom of the prepared dish. Scatter the goat or feta cheese over the bread in one layer. Scatter the cherry tomatoes over the cheese. Top with the remaining buttered bread pieces, buttered sides up. In a bowl with a whisk, beat eggs, milk and pesto until well-blended. Pour over the bread and cheese mixture in the dish. Tamp down the top pie <END>
INPUT: French, souffle, unsalted butter, sugar ramekins, rosemary, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Apple-Rosemary Souffle | CUISINE: French | INGREDIENTS: About 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened, for the ramekins; 2 tablespoons sugar for the ramekins; 2 4-inch sprigs fresh rosemary; 3/4 cup plus 2 tablespoons sugar; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 2 pounds tart apples (about 6 large), such as Granny Smith, Jonagold, or Braeburn, peeled, cored, and cut into 1/2-inch dice; 1 2-inch piece cinnamon stick; 1/2 vanilla bean, split and scraped, or 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh ginger; 3 large egg yolks; Optional: 2 tablespoons Calvados or Cognac; 6 large egg whites; 1 cup Herb-Infused Custard Sauce made with fresh bay laurel leaves or rosemary, and vanilla (recipe follows); 2 cups herb-infused whole milk (recipe follows); 1/2 cup sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: Ramekins 1. Prepare the molds. Generously coat the interiors of 8 6-ounce straight-sided ramekins with the softened butter using a pastry brush or your fingers. Pour 2 tablespoons sugar into 1 dish and turn it until all surfaces are coated, then tip the sugar out into the next and repeat the process until all the ramekins have a thorough coating of butter and sugar. Set the prepared molds in a large shallow baking pan or on a half-sheet pan. 2. Applesauce. Tie the rosemary sprigs together with kitchen twine, wrapping the twine in a spiral up the length of the stems to keep t <END>
INPUT: mayonnaise, egg yolk, salt, grainy Dijon mustard, grapeseed, Lemon juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Shrimp in Mayonnaise | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 egg yolk, at room temperature; Pinch salt; 2 teaspoons grainy Dijon mustard; About 1 cup/250 ml grapeseed, vegetable, canola, or peanut oil; Lemon juice, to taste; Pinch white pepper; 1 tablespoon olive oil, for frying; 24 shrimp, peeled, but with tail intact | INSTRUCTIONS: Whisk together the egg yolk, salt, mustard, and vinegar in a roomy bowl. To add the oil, start whisking the yolk mixture and let the oil fall from the spout, drop by drop, until you have achieved a thick, velvety mayonnaise. Taste it. Add lemon juice, salt, and pepper until the balance is to your liking. Heat the olive oil in a saute pan. Fry the shrimp until just cooked through and still juicy. Arrange the shrimp on a platter with the mayonnaise in a dish alongside, for dipping. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, paloma, olive oil, onion, garlic, chili powder, cumin
OUTPUT: TITLE: Eggs a la Paloma | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon olive oil; 2 tablespoons grated onion; 1 clove garlic; 1 1/4 teaspoon chili powder; 1/2 teaspoon ground cumin; 1/2 teaspoon dried oregano; 1 (8-ounce can) Spanish style tomato sauce; 1/4 cup vegetable stock or water; 1 1/2 cups (removed from casing and crumbled) Mexican chorizo; 2 Hass avocados; 1 lime, juiced; Sea salt and freshly ground black pepper; Vegetable oil cooking spray; 1 dozen eggs; 1 cup shredded Oaxaca cheese (see Cook's Notes) or mozzarella cheese | INSTRUCTIONS: To make the tomato sauce: Heat the olive oil over medium heat in a small saucepan. Add the onion and garlic and cook, stirring, until the onion is translucent, about 5 minutes. Stir in the chili powder, cumin, and oregano. Cook, stirring, until fragrant, 1 to 2 minutes. Stir in the tomato sauce and season, to taste, with salt and pepper. Stir in the stock, bring to a boil, then adjust the heat so the sauce is simmering. Cook, stirring occasionally, until the sauce is lightly thickened, about 15 minutes. Set the rack about 4 inches from the broiler and preheat the broiler. Cook the chorizo in a <END>
INPUT: American, pulled, cuban, turkey bacon, Reserved roasted potato, cheddar cheese, olive oil, onions
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pulled Cuban Chicken Wraps And Cheese Fries With Turkey Bacon | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 4 to 6 slices turkey bacon, cooked until crisp and crumbled; Reserved roasted potato wedges; 1 cup shredded cheddar cheese; 1 tablespoon olive oil; 1 cup sliced red onions; 4 reserved roasted chicken breast halves; 1 cup prepared salsa; 1/3 cup prepared ranch dip; 4 (8-inch) spinach tortillas | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F. Arrange potatoes on a large, foil-lined baking sheet. Top with cheese and bacon pieces. Bake 8 to 10 minutes, until cheese melts. Using two forks, pull chicken apart into shreds. Set aside. Heat oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Add onions and saute 3 minutes, until soft. Add chicken and salsa and bring to a simmer. Remove from heat and stir in ranch dip. Arrange tortillas on a flat surface. Top with chicken mixture and roll up. Serve with cheese fries on the side. <END>
INPUT: winter, lettuces, Shallot vinaigrette, mix escarole, pomegranate seeds, pepper taste
OUTPUT: TITLE: Winter Lettuces with Pomegranate Seeds | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Shallot vinaigrette; 1 pound mix of escarole, endive, radicchio and frisée, torn into bite-size pieces; 1/2 cup fresh pomegranate seeds; Freshly ground pepper to taste | INSTRUCTIONS: Place the greens in a large bowl. Add the dressing and toss to coat. Sprinkle the pomegranate seeds over the greens and serve with freshly ground pepper. Place the greens in a large bowl. Add the dressing and toss to coat. Sprinkle the pomegranate seeds over the greens and serve with freshly ground pepper. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, meringue, all purpose flour, Kosher salt, vegetable shortening
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lime Meringue Tart | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/4 cups all-purpose flour; 1/2 cup, plus 3 tablespoons sugar; Kosher salt; 6 tablespoons (3/4 stick) cold unsalted butter, diced; 2 tablespoons cold vegetable shortening, (recommended: Crisco); 1/4 cup ice water; 4 extra-large egg whites, at room temperature; 1/4 teaspoon cream of tartar; Lime Filling, recipe follows; 1/4 pound (1 stick) unsalted butter, at room temperature; 1 1/2 cups sugar; 4 extra-large eggs; 1/4 cup finely grated lime zest (6 to 8 limes); 1/2 cup freshly squeezed lime juice; 1/8 teaspoon kosher salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine the flour, 3 tablespoons of the sugar, and 1/2 teaspoon salt in a bowl and place in the freezer for 30 minutes. Put the flour mixture in the bowl of a food processor fitted with a steel blade. Add the butter and Crisco and pulse about 10 times until the butter is in small bits. Add the ice water and process until the dough comes together. Dump on a well-floured board and form into a disk. Wrap in plastic and chill for at least 30 minutes. Meanwhile, preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Roll out the dough and fit into a 9-inch tart pan with removable sides. Don't stretch the dough when pl <END>
INPUT: Mexican, stacked, enchiladas, hot enchilada sauce, refried beans, chipotle chiles, diameter corn tortillas, onions
OUTPUT: TITLE: Stacked Enchiladas with Turkey and Chipotle Beans | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2 10-ounce cans medium-hot enchilada sauce; 1 16-ounce can refried beans, divided; 1 tablespoon chopped canned chipotle chiles*; 16 5- to 6-inch-diameter corn tortillas; 1 cup chopped green onions (about 4 large), divided; 2 cups diced cooked turkey meat (about 10 ounces), reheated, divided; 1 1/3 cups (packed) coarsely grated Monterey Jack cheese (about 5 1/2 ounces), divided; 1/2 cup crumbled queso fresco or feta cheese (about 4 ounces), divided; Diced tomatoes; Diced avocado | INSTRUCTIONS: Position rack in center of oven and preheat to 200°F. Bring enchilada sauce to simmer in medium skillet over medium heat. Reduce heat to very low. Combine refried beans and chipotles in another medium skillet. Stir bean mixture over medium heat until heated through, about 5 minutes. Remove from heat. Dip 1 tortilla into enchilada sauce just until softened, about 10 seconds. Using tongs, transfer tortilla to ovenproof plate. Spread 1/3 cup bean mixture over. Top with 1 tablespoon green onions. Dip second tortilla into sauce; place atop bean mixture. Top with 1/2 cup turkey meat, then 1 tablespo <END>
INPUT: salad, Dijon mustard, lemon juice, good olive oil, kosher salt, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Endive and Avocado Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 tablespoon Dijon mustard; 1/4 cup freshly squeezed lemon juice (2 lemons); 1/4 cup good olive oil; 3/4 teaspoon kosher salt; 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 3 heads endive; 3 ripe Haas avocados, peeled and seeded | INSTRUCTIONS: Whisk together the mustard, lemon juice, olive oil, salt, and pepper to make a vinaigrette. Remove a 1/2-inch from the stem end of each endive, discard the core, and cut the rest across into 1-inch chunks. Cut the avocados into large dice or wedges. Toss the avocados and endive with the vinaigrette. Season, to taste, and serve at room temperature. Note: Haas avocados are the brown ones from California. The green ones don't have nearly as much flavor. <END>
INPUT: rickie, dark rum, Simple Syrup, ginger juice, currant liqueur, ginger beer
OUTPUT: TITLE: Rum Rickie | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 ounces dark rum, such as Myers's Original Dark Rum; 6 ounces Simple Syrup, recipe follows; 3 ounces ginger juice; 2 ounces black currant liqueur; 8 ounces ginger beer; 4 lime wedges; 1 cup sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine the rum, Simple Syrup, ginger juice and black currant liqueur in a shaker with ice. Shake until chilled, then strain into high-ball glasses with ice, filling the glasses three-quarters full. Top each glass with some ginger beer and garnish with a lime wedge. Combine the sugar and 1 cup water in a small saucepan and bring to a boil. Cook, stirring, until the sugar dissolves. Remove from the heat and let cool completely. Keep covered in the refrigerator up to 1 month. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, pork shoulder, Mexican lager, Kosher salt, chipotle peppers adobo, oregano
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pork-and-Pumpkin Chili | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 3 pounds boneless pork shoulder, trimmed and cut into 1/2-inch cubes; 1 12-ounce bottle Mexican lager; Kosher salt; 2 to 3 chipotle peppers in adobo sauce, finely chopped; 3 teaspoons dried oregano, preferably Mexican; 1 15-ounce can pure pumpkin (about 1 3/4 cups); 1/2 cup sour cream; 1/4 cup vegetable oil; 2 medium tomatoes, roughly chopped; 1 poblano pepper, seeded and chopped; 2 medium white onions, diced; 1/4 cup chili powder, plus more for sprinkling; 4 cloves garlic, finely chopped; 1 bunch mustard greens, stems removed, leaves roughly chopped; Lime wedges, for serving | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine the pork, beer, 3 cups water and 2 teaspoons salt in a large pot and bring to a simmer over medium heat, skimming the foam off the surface. Add the chipotles and 1 1/2 teaspoons oregano, cover and cook about 30 minutes. Mix 3 tablespoons pumpkin, the sour cream and salt to taste in a bowl; cover and chill. Heat the vegetable oil in a skillet over medium heat. Add the tomatoes, poblano, onions and 2 teaspoons salt; cook until soft, 15 minutes. Add the remaining 1 1/2 teaspoons oregano, the chili powder and garlic; cook 5 minutes. Add the remaining pumpkin and cook 5 minutes. Add the tom <END>
INPUT: American, poppers, uncooked shrimp, KRAFT Zesty Italian, BREAKSTONE'S KNUDSEN Sour, cilantro, RITZ Crackers
OUTPUT: TITLE: Shrimp-Jalapeno "Poppers" | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 32 large uncooked large shrimp (about 1 lb.), peeled, deveined; 1/3 cup KRAFT Zesty Italian Dressing; 1/2 cup BREAKSTONE'S or KNUDSEN Sour Cream; 2 Tbsp. chopped cilantro; 32 RITZ Crackers; 6 oz. (3/4 of 8-oz. pkg.) CRACKER BARREL Sharp Cheddar Cheese; 10 slices OSCAR MAYER Bacon, each cut into 3 pieces; 4 fresh jalapeno peppers, each cut into 8 slices | INSTRUCTIONS: COMBINE shrimp and dressing. Refrigerate 30 minutes to marinate. Meanwhile, mix sour cream and cilantro. Refrigerate until ready to use. HEAT grill to medium heat. Place crackers in single layer in disposable foil pan. Cut cheese into 16 slices, then cut each slice diagonally in half. Place on crackers; cover with foil. DRAIN shrimp; discard marinade. Wrap each shrimp with piece of bacon; thread onto skewers. Grill 10 minutes or until shrimp turn pink, turning frequently. Meanwhile, place covered foil pan with crackers on grill grate; grill 2 min. Remove from grill. Let stand, covered, 1 to 2  <END>
INPUT: vegetables, baby zucchini, baby eggplants, baby portobello mushrooms, lemon, rounded Dijon mustard
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Baby Vegetables | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 baby zucchini, halved lengthwise, 1/2 pound; 2 to 3 baby eggplants, thinly sliced lengthwise, 1/2 pound; 12 baby portobello mushrooms, criminis; 1/2 lemon, juiced; 2 rounded teaspoons Dijon mustard; 2 teaspoons grill seasoning, 2/3 palm full (recommended: Montreal Steak Seasoning blend by McCormick); 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce, eyeball it; 1 large clove garlic, crushed; 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat a grill pan, indoor or outdoor grill to medium high-high heat. Place the vegetables in a large plastic food storage bag. Mix dressing ingredients in a small bowl, stream in the extra-virgin olive oil and beat dressing with a fork. Pour dressing into the food storage bag and seal bag. Coat the vegetables evenly with dressing then grill vegetables a couple of minutes on each side until marked and tender. Arrange on a small platter. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, cumin, oregano, olive oil, baking potatoes, mayonnaise
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Potato Wedges with Cilantro-Lime Mayonnaise | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 teaspoon ground cumin; 1/2 teaspoon dried oregano; 3 tablespoons olive oil; 2 pounds baking potatoes (about 4 medium), each cut into 8 wedges; 1/2 cup mayonnaise; 1/4 cup sour cream; 2 tablespoons finely chopped cilantro; 2 teaspoons grated lime zest; 1 tablespoon fresh lime juice | INSTRUCTIONS: Roast potatoes: Put a 4-sided sheet pan in lower third of oven and preheat oven to 450°F. Stir cumin, oregano, and 3/4 teaspoon salt into oil in a large bowl. Add potatoes and toss. Arrange potatoes, cut sides down, in 1 layer in hot pan and roast, turning once, until golden, about 40 minutes. Put a 4-sided sheet pan in lower third of oven and preheat oven to 450°F. Stir cumin, oregano, and 3/4 teaspoon salt into oil in a large bowl. Add potatoes and toss. Arrange potatoes, cut sides down, in 1 layer in hot pan and roast, turning once, until golden, about 40 minutes. Meanwhile, make mayonnaise <END>
INPUT: mashed, garlic, olive oil, sage leaves, olive oil frying
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sage and Garlic Mashed Potatoes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 large garlic clove, sliced; 3 tablespoons olive oil; 1 tablespoon fresh sage leaves, minced or 1 1/2 teaspoons dried sage, crumbled; olive oil for frying; 12 whole fresh sage leaves; coarse salt for sprinkling; 4 russet (baking) potatoes (about 2 pounds); 1 cup plain yogurt; 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, softened | INSTRUCTIONS: In a small saucepan simmer garlic in oil until golden. Stir in sage and remove pan from heat. Let mixture stand 15 minutes and drain oil through a fine sieve into a small bowl, discarding solids. In a small saucepan simmer garlic in oil until golden. Stir in sage and remove pan from heat. Let mixture stand 15 minutes and drain oil through a fine sieve into a small bowl, discarding solids. Make fried sage leaves: In a small skillet heat 1/8 inch oil over moderately high heat until hot but not smoking and fry sage leaves, 1 at a time, about 3 seconds, until crisp, transferring with a slotted spo <END>
INPUT: bread
OUTPUT: TITLE: Maple Walnut and Fig Bread | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 3/4 cups (10 1/2 ounces) dried figs, diced; 1/2 cup (4 ounces) warm water (85 degrees to 90 degrees F); 2 2/3 cups (12 ounces) unbleached all-purpose flour; 1 2/3 cups (6 1/2 ounces) cake flour; 1 3/4 cups (5 1/4 ounces) old-fashioned rolled oats; 2 tablespoons baking powder; 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt; 1 1/3 cups (11 ounces) maple syrup; 1 1/3 cups (11 ounces) milk; 4 large eggs, lightly beaten; 2 large egg yolks; 3/4 cup (6 ounces) canola oil; 2 cups (8 ounces) walnut pieces, toasted; Additional maple syrup for glazing | INSTRUCTIONS: Position a rack in the center of the oven and preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Put the diced figs in a medium bowl and add the warm water. Let soak until softened. Whisk the unbleached flour, cake flour, oats, baking powder, and salt together in a large bowl. Set aside. Put the maple syrup, milk, eggs, egg yolks, and canola oil in a medium bowl and stir with the whisk to combine. Add the mixture to the dry ingredients, stirring with a spoon just until all the flour is moistened. This should be a wet batter, because the oats absorb a lot of the liquid during baking. Fold the walnuts and figs  <END>
INPUT: covered, mochiko, sugar, Potato starch, strawberries, koshian
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mochi-Covered Strawberries | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 cup mochiko (sweet rice flour); 3 tablespoons sugar; Potato starch (for dusting); 8 medium strawberries, stems removed; 1/4 cup koshian (sweet red or white bean paste; optional); Find mochiko and koshian at Japanese markets or online | INSTRUCTIONS: Mix mochiko, sugar, and 1/3 cup plus 2 tablespoons cold water in a small bowl. Cover with foil. Bring 2" of water to a simmer in a large pot. Fit with steamer basket; add bowl to basket. Cover pot with a tight-fitting lid. Steam until mixture is translucent and gummy, 20–22 minutes. Remove bowl and stir mixture until a thick, smooth, slightly sticky dough forms. Meanwhile, schmear strawberries all over with bean paste, if using. Sprinkle a surface lightly with potato starch; turn out mochi on top. Dust with more starch; cut into 8 pieces. Stretch a piece of mochi around a strawberry to encase; <END>
INPUT: American, all purpose flour, salt, unsalted butter, ice water, eggs
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pecan Pie | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup all-purpose flour; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 7 tablespoons cold unsalted butter; 1/4 cup ice water; 3 eggs; 1 cup granulated white sugar; 1 cup dark corn syrup; 2 tablespoons melted unsalted butter; 1 1/2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract; 1/8 teaspoon salt; 1/2 cup darkly roasted pecans, ground; 1 cup medium pecan pieces | INSTRUCTIONS: For the dough: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees. Sift the flour and salt into a mixing bowl. Using the large holes of a hand grater, grate the butter into the mixing bowl with the flour mixture. Lightly blend the butter and flour mixture with your fingertips until the texture is like coarse cornmeal. Be careful not to overwork the dough. Add the ice water and blend until thoroughly incorporated. Form the dough into a ball and place it on a floured cutting board. Roll out the dough, adding flour as necessary, to 1/8-inch thick. Place an 8 1/2-inch pie pan face down on the dough and cut the dough <END>
INPUT: brined, lemons, Earl Grey tea, long rosemary, coarse kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Tea-Brined Turkey with Tea-and-Lemon Gravy | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 5 lemons, divided; 18 Earl Grey tea bags; 11 4-inch-long rosemary sprigs, divided; 2 cups coarse kosher salt; 1 1/2 cups (packed) golden brown sugar; 1/2 cup fresh lemon juice; 12 cups ice cubes; 2 turkey-size oven-roasting bags; 1 22-pound turkey; neck, heart, and gizzard reserved for gravy; 1 12 3/4x9x2-inch disposable aluminum pan; 1 celery stalk, cut crosswise into 3-inch pieces; 1 medium onion, quartered; 1/4 cup olive oil; Tea-and-Lemon Gravy | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring 6 1/2 quarts water to boil in large pot. Remove from heat. Using vegetable peeler, remove peel from 3 lemons (yellow part only). Add peel, tea bags, and 6 rosemary sprigs to water; steep 20 minutes. Remove tea bags. Add salt and sugar; stir to dissolve. Stir in lemon juice. Cool to lukewarm. Add ice to reduce temperature to below 45°F. Place 1 roasting bag inside the second, forming 2 layers. Place inside large pot. Place turkey in roasting bags, breast side down. Pour brine over turkey. Tie bags tightly, eliminating any air pockets. Refrigerate 36 to 48 hours. Or, place bags into large  <END>
INPUT: crudo, divers, picked dill leaves, picked watercress leaves, fennel kept ice, scallions, blood orange
OUTPUT: TITLE: Crudo (Divers in Shell), Blood Orange, Watercress, and Fennel | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons freshly picked dill leaves; 1/2 cup freshly picked watercress leaves; 1/4 cup thinly sliced fennel and kept in ice water; 2 scallions, thinly sliced; 1/2 blood orange, peeled and segmented; Sea salt freshly cracked black pepper; 2 to 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 5 diver scallops, removed from shell, cleaned, sliced, shell reserved; 1 lemon, juiced | INSTRUCTIONS: To a medium mixing bowl add the dill, watercress, fennel, scallions, and blood orange segments. Season with salt and pepper, to taste, drizzle with olive oil and add the scallops. Right before you're ready to serve, add the lemon juice. Toss to combine. Arrange scallop shells on a platter and spoon scallop crudo into the shells, garnishing with a little more sea salt and a drizzle of extra dressing. Serve immediately. <END>
INPUT: Asian, syrup, sugar, water, unpeeled ginger, Darjeeling tea
OUTPUT: TITLE: Darjeeling with Ginger Syrup | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup sugar; 1 cup water; 5 slices unpeeled ginger; Darjeeling tea | INSTRUCTIONS: In a saucepan bring the sugar, water and ginger slices to a boil. Turn heat off and let sit 20 minutes to infuse the flavor. Use immediately or store with ginger left in, refrigerated. Make a pot of good first flush Darjeeling tea and sweeten it with the ginger syrup. <END>
INPUT: garlic, broccoli rabe, olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sauteed Broccoli Rabe | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons minced garlic; 1 bunch broccoli rabe, chopped; 2 tablespoons olive oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Saute garlic and broccoli rabe in oil over medium heat. Cover to steam until wilted. <END>
INPUT: water, sugar, kumquats
OUTPUT: TITLE: Candied Kumquats | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup water; 1/2 cup sugar; 20 kumquats, sliced and seeded | INSTRUCTIONS: Stir water and sugar in small saucepan over medium heat until sugar dissolves. Increase heat and bring to boil. Add kumquats and return to boil. Reduce heat to medium and simmer until fruit is tender and liquid is syrupy, about 20 minutes. Transfer to bowl; cool to room temperature. (Can be made 1 week ahead. Cover and chill.) Stir water and sugar in small saucepan over medium heat until sugar dissolves. Increase heat and bring to boil. Add kumquats and return to boil. Reduce heat to medium and simmer until fruit is tender and liquid is syrupy, about 20 minutes. Transfer to bowl; cool to room  <END>
INPUT: French, citrus, dressing, hearts romaine lettuce, orange marmalade, lemon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Hearts of Romaine, Palm and Artichoke with Citrus Dijon Dressing | CUISINE: French | INGREDIENTS: 2 hearts romaine lettuce, chopped; 1 (15-ounce) can hearts of palm, drained and sliced 1-inch thick on a bias; 1 (15-ounce) can artichoke hearts in water, drained and quartered; 1/4 cup orange marmalade; 1 lemon, juiced; 2 teaspoons Dijon mustard; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1/3 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 1/4 cup sliced almonds, toasted | INSTRUCTIONS: Arrange romaine lettuce, hearts of palm and artichokes on large platter. Combine the marmalade with lemon juice, mustard, season with salt and pepper and whisk in the olive oil slowly. Pour dressing evenly over salad when ready to serve. Garnish with toasted sliced almonds. <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, omelet, eggs, virgin olive oil, cauliflower, garlic, crumbled feta
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cauliflower and Feta Omelet | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 5 large eggs; 2 1/2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1/2 medium head cauliflower, cut into 1-inch-wide florets (3 cups); 1 garlic clove, minced; 1/2 cup crumbled feta (2 ounces); 1/4 cup packed flat-leaf parsley leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: Beat eggs with 1/4 teaspoon salt. Heat oil in a 10-inch heavy nonstick skillet over medium-high heat until it shimmers, then sauté cauliflower until browned and tender, 5 to 9 minutes. Reduce heat to medium, then add garlic, 1/4 teaspoon salt, and 1/8 teaspoon pepper and sauté 1 minute. Pour eggs over cauliflower. Cook, lifting edges to let uncooked egg run underneath and shaking skillet occasionally to loosen omelet, until almost set, 4 to 5 minutes. Slide out onto a large plate. Put skillet over omelet and, using pot holders, firmly hold plate and skillet together, then invert omelet back in <END>
INPUT: cake, sifted self rising, sugar, coconut, milk
OUTPUT: TITLE: Coconut-Blueberry Cake | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups sifted self-rising flour; 1 cup plus 1 tablespoon sugar; 1/2 cup (1 stick) chilled unsalted butter, cut into pieces; 2/3 cup sweetened shredded coconut, lightly toasted; 1/2 cup milk; 2 large eggs; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; 1 21-ounce can blueberry pie filling; 2 teaspoons fresh lemon juice | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 325°F. Butter 13x9x2-inch baking pan. Combine flour and 1 cup sugar in large bowl. Add butter and rub in with fingertips until mixture resembles coarse meal. Transfer 1/2 cup coarse meal to small bowl. Mix in coconut and reserve for topping. Beat milk, eggs and vanilla extract in another small bowl to blend. Mix into coarse meal in large bowl. Spread batter in prepared pan. Blend blueberry pie filling, lemon juice and remaining 1 tablespoon sugar in medium bowl. Spoon evenly over batter in pan. Sprinkle topping over batter. Bake cake until tester inserted into center comes out  <END>
INPUT: choucroute, bacon, onion, unsalted butter, sauerkraut, juniper berries
OUTPUT: TITLE: Trout Choucroute | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 bacon slices; 1 large onion, halved lengthwise and thinly sliced; 3 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1 pound sauerkraut, drained, rinsed, and squeezed dry; 2 juniper berries, slightly crushed; 1 Turkish or 1/2 California bay leaf; 1 1/2 teaspoons sugar; 2/3 cup dry white wine (preferably Alsatian Riesling); 3/4 cup water; 4 (4- to 5-ounce) trout fillets with skin, pin bones removed | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook bacon in a 10-inch nonreactive heavy skillet over medium-low heat, turning occasionally, until lightly browned but still flexible. Drain on paper towels. Pour off all but 2 tablespoons fat from skillet, then cook onion with butter in skillet over medium heat, stirring occasionally, until golden, 10 to 15 minutes. Stir in remaining ingredients, except trout, and 1/8 teaspoon each of salt and pepper and simmer, covered, stirring occasionally, until liquid is absorbed and mixture is tender and lightly browned, 25 to 35 minutes. While sauerkraut mixture cooks, put trout, skin sides down, on a <END>
INPUT: Mexican, slaw, hickory smoke chips, onions, corn oil, bell peppers, orange juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Jícama and Grilled Red Pepper Slaw | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup hickory smoke chips, soaked in water 30 minutes, drained; 8 large green onions, trimmed; 4 1/2 tablespoons corn oil; 3 large red bell peppers; 5 tablespoons fresh orange juice; 1 1/2 tablespoons fresh lime juice; 1 tablespoon honey; 3/4 teaspoon ground cumin; 1 jicama (about 18 ounces), peeled, cut into matchstick-size strips | INSTRUCTIONS: Prepare barbecue (medium-high heat). Place smoke chips in 8x6-inch foil packet with open top. Set packet atop coals about 5 minutes before grilling. Brush green onions with 1 1/2 tablespoons oil. Grill until lightly browned, turning often, about 4 minutes. Cut onions into 1/4-inch pieces. Place in large bowl. Grill peppers until lightly charred, turning often, about 10 minutes. Enclose in paper bag; let stand 10 minutes. Peel and seed peppers; cut into 1/4-inch-wide strips. Add to onions. Whisk orange juice, lime juice, honey, cumin and 3 tablespoons oil in small bowl. (Vegetables and dressing <END>
INPUT: soup, butter, olive oil, onions, salt, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: French Onion Soup | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 stick butter; 1 tablespoon olive oil; 8 cups thinly sliced onions (about 2-1/2 pounds); 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/2 teaspoon sugar; 1 tablespoon flour; 8 cups homemade beef stock, or good quality store bought stock; 1/4 cup Cognac, or other good brandy; 1 cup dry white wine; 8 (1/2-inch) thick slices of French bread, toasted; 3/4 pound coarsely grated Gruyere | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat a heavy saucepan over moderate heat with the butter and oil. When the butter has melted, stir in the onions, cover, and cook slowly until tender and translucent, about 10 minutes. Blend in the salt and sugar, increase the heat to medium high, and let the onions brown, stirring frequently until they are a dark walnut color, 25 to 30 minutes. Sprinkle the flour and cook slowly, stirring, for another 3 to 4 minutes. Remove from heat, let cool a moment, then whisk in 2 cups of hot stock. When well blended, bring to the simmer, adding the rest of the stock, Cognac, and wine. Cover loosely, and <END>
INPUT: chicken thighs, soy sauce, olive oil, cucumbers, Kosher salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Honey and Soy-Glazed Chicken Thighs with Marinated Cucumbers | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 8 chicken thighs (about 3 to 4 pounds); 4 tablespoons soy sauce; 2 tablespoons olive oil, plus more for pan; 2 cucumbers (6 to 8 ounces each); Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper; 2 tablespoons white wine vinegar; 2 tablespoons apple cider vinegar; 2 tablespoons snipped fresh chives; 1/2 cup honey; 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh thyme | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. Place the chicken in a large re-sealable plastic bag. Add 2 tablespoons soy sauce and 1 tablespoon oil. Seal and turn bag to coat chicken evenly. Marinate 15 minutes at room temperature, or in the refrigerator for up to 12 hours. 2. Peel the cucumbers and halve lengthwise. Use a small spoon to scoop out the seeds and discard. Thinly slice and toss in a strainer with 1 teaspoon salt. Let sit 10 minutes in the sink to drain. Rinse, drain well and pat dry on paper towels. Toss in a bowl with the vinegars and chives. Set aside. 3. Position the oven rack about 6 inches from the heat source. Preh <END>
INPUT: sour, dark, bratwurst sausages, virgin olive oil, sauerkraut, sweet pepper relish, loaf pumpernickel cocktail
OUTPUT: TITLE: Bratwurst with Sweet-and-Sour Kraut and Dark Bread | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 bratwurst sausages, 1 package, found in packaged meats case; 1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil, 1 turn of the pan; 1 pound sauerkraut, rinsed and drained; 1 cup sweet red pepper relish; 1 loaf pumpernickel cocktail bread, 2-inch square loaves of bread, recommended: Pepperidge Farm brand or quarter several slices of any sliced, store b | INSTRUCTIONS: In a medium skillet, bring 1 inch of water to a boil, reduce heat to simmer, pierce the casings of 4 pieces of bratwurst and set into a medium skillet. Simmer sausages 10 minutes, then remove to a cutting board, pour water out of pan and return pan to stovetop, adjusting heat to medium high heat. Slice sausages on an angle, 6 cuts per wurst. Add 1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil, 1 turn of the pan, and set slices into hot skillet. Brown 1 to 2 minutes on each side. Place sauerkraut into a colander. Rinse and squeeze dry. Add to the browned bratwurst slices. Stir in sweet red pepper relish an <END>
INPUT: Italian, twice, poblano peppers, Peanut oil, yukon gold potatoes, butter, heavy cream
OUTPUT: TITLE: Twice Baked Poblano Peppers | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 6 to 8 poblano peppers; Peanut oil; 4 to 5 yukon gold potatoes; 2 tablespoons butter; 1/4 cup heavy cream, scalded; Salt and pepper; 1/8 cup grated Parmesan cheese; 2 ears of corn, kernels removed and reserved; 1/2 cup shredded mozzarella or Monterey Jack cheese | INSTRUCTIONS: Rub poblanos with peanut oil and place under broiler until skin begins to blacken slightly, and rotate for even cooking. Remove from broiler and place in a plastic bag or in a bowl and cover with plastic. This will allow peppers to sweat so skin can be removed. Keep in bag for approximately 30 minutes. Remove skin by peeling, stem can remain on. Slice open pepper on its side and remove seeds and membranes. Bring potatoes up to a boil in salted water and cook on simmer until tender. Remove and hand mash with 1 1/2 tablespoons butter, scalded cream, salt and pepper and grated cheese. In a saute  <END>
INPUT: Italian, escarole, pasta shells, olive oil, sweet Italian turkey, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pasta Shells with Escarole, Sausage, and Cheese | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 14- to 15-ounce head of escarole, cut crosswise into 1-inch-wide ribbons (about 10 cups); 8 ounces medium pasta shells (about 3 1/2 cups); 4 teaspoons olive oil; 10 ounces sweet Italian turkey sausage (about 3 links), casings removed; 1 large red onion, cut through root end into thin wedges; 3/4 teaspoon fennel seeds, crushed; 3 tablespoons thinly sliced drained oil-packed sun-dried tomatoes; 3 tablespoons grated pecorino Romano cheese | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook escarole ribbons in large pot of boiling salted water until tender, about 5 minutes. Using slotted spoon, transfer escarole to strainer and drain, keeping water boiling. Add pasta shells to boiling water; cook pasta shells until just tender, stirring occasionally. Ladle out 1/2 cup cooking water; reserve. Drain pasta shells; return to pot. Meanwhile, heat 1 teaspoon oil in large nonstick skillet over medium-high heat. Add sausage; sauté until cooked through, breaking up with fork, about 5 minutes. Add remaining oil, onion, and fennel seeds; sauté until onion is almost tender, about 6 minu <END>
INPUT: pancakes, cream, eggs, milk, orange liqueur, unsalted butter vegetable, unbleached flour
OUTPUT: TITLE: Apple-Walnut Pancakes with Cinnamon Cream | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 5 whole eggs; 1 1/2 cups whole milk; 2 tablespoons orange liqueur; 2 tablespoons melted unsalted butter or vegetable oil plus 1/4 cup melted butter to coat pan; 1 cup unbleached white flour; 1/4 cup granulated sugar; 1 tablespoon grated orange zest; 1 teaspoon grated lemon zest; 6 Macoun or other tart apples, about 1 3/4 pounds; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1/3 cup maple syrup; 1/2 cup chopped walnuts; 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1 teaspoon lemon juice; 1/4 cup orange liqueur | INSTRUCTIONS: To make the pancake batter, whisk together the eggs, milk, liqueur, and 2 tablespoons melted butter or vegetable oil. Add the flour slowly, whisking constantly to avoid lumps. Stir in the sugar and zests. Allow the batter to rest, refrigerated, at least 30 minutes before cooking. Heat a nonstick 7-inch crepe or omelet pan over low heat until hot. Add 1 teaspoon melted butter, using either a brush or a tiny ladle, to coat the surface lightly. As soon as the butter has started to bubble, lift the pan off the heat and pour 2 tablespoonfuls pancake batter into the pan, tilting to spread the batter <END>
INPUT: sauce, garlic, salt, pepper, olive oil, loin lamb chops
OUTPUT: TITLE: Broiled Lamb Chops with Rosemary-Mint Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 large garlic cloves; 1 teaspoon salt; 1 teaspoon ground pepper; 2 teaspoons olive oil; 4 4-ounce loin lamb chops; 3 tablespoons mint jelly; 3 tablespoons white wine vinegar; 1 teaspoon minced fresh rosemary or 1/2 teaspoon dried | INSTRUCTIONS: Chop garlic cloves with salt and pepper on cutting board, then use flat side of knife blade to mash garlic mixture to paste. Scrape paste into small bowl; mix in olive oil. Rub garlic paste on both sides of lamb chops. Let lamb chops stand 10 minutes. Meanwhile, stir 3 tablespoons mint jelly, 3 tablespoons white wine vinegar and rosemary in small saucepan over high heat until mint jelly melts and mixture boils. Reduce heat to medium and cook until sauce thickens to syrup, about 2 minutes. Preheat broiler. Broil lamb chops until well browned but still pink inside, about 4 minutes per side. Arra <END>
INPUT: American, pecans, bourbon, butter, sugar, eggs
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mel's Favorite Pecan Pie | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 cup chopped pecans; 3 tablespoons bourbon; 1/4 cup melted butter; 1 cup sugar; 3 eggs; 3/4 cup maple syrup; 1 teaspoon vanilla; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 3/4 cup chocolate chips; 1 (9-inch) prepared piecrust | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F. Soak pecans in the bourbon. Set aside. In a mixing bowl, beat melted butter, sugar, and eggs until fluffy. Blend in syrup, vanilla, and salt. Stir in chocolate chips until evenly distributed. Pour mixture into piecrust. Sprinkle bourbon-soaked pecans over top of filling. Bake for 45 to 55 minutes. Check at 45 minutes, it may brown quickly <END>
INPUT: snickerdoodle, sandwiches, granulated sugar, cinnamon, all purpose flour, baking soda, Kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Snickerdoodle Ice Cream Sandwiches | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 teaspoons granulated sugar; 1 1/8 teaspoons ground cinnamon; 1 cup all-purpose flour, plus more for flouring hands; 1/2 teaspoon baking soda; Kosher salt; 1/2 cup packed light brown sugar; 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted; 2 tablespoons light corn syrup; 1/2 teaspoon pure vanilla extract; 1 large egg; 2 cups vanilla ice cream, softened slightly | INSTRUCTIONS: Position 2 oven racks in the center of the oven and preheat to 325 degrees F. Line 2 baking sheets with parchment. Combine the granulated sugar and 1 teaspoon of the cinnamon in a small bowl and set aside. Whisk together the flour, baking soda, 1/4 teaspoon salt and the remaining 1/8 teaspoon cinnamon in a medium bowl. Whisk together the brown sugar, melted butter and corn syrup in a large bowl until smooth. Add the vanilla and egg and whisk until combined. Add the flour mixture and stir with a rubber spatula until just incorporated. The dough will be quite loose; refrigerate for 15 minutes to <END>
INPUT: texas, oven, chili powder, salt, garlic powder, onion powder, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Texas Oven-Roasted Beef Brisket | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons chili powder; 2 tablespoons salt; 1 tablespoon garlic powder; 1 tablespoon onion powder; 1 tablespoon ground black pepper; 1 tablespoon sugar; 2 teaspoons dry mustard; 1 bay leaf, crushed; 4 pounds beef brisket, trimmed; 1 1/2 cups beef stock | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Make a dry rub by combining chili powder, salt, garlic and onion powders, black pepper, sugar, dry mustard, and bay leaf. Season the raw brisket on both sides with the rub. Place in a roasting pan and roast, uncovered, for 1 hour. Add beef stock and enough water to yield about 1/2 inch of liquid in the roasting pan. Lower oven to 300 degrees F, cover pan tightly and continue cooking for 3 hours, or until fork-tender. Trim the fat and slice meat thinly across the grain. Top with juice from the pan. <END>
INPUT: strawberry, tart, whipping cream, lemon curd, puff pastry, egg mixed water, Sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Strawberry-Lemon Cream Tart | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup chilled whipping cream; 1/3 cup prepared lemon curd; 1/2 17 1/4-ounce package frozen puff pastry sheets (1 sheet), thawed according to package directions; 1 egg mixed with 1 tablespoon water (glaze); Sugar; 1 basket strawberries, hulled and halved through stem end | INSTRUCTIONS: Whip cream to stiff peaks. Place lemon curd in medium bowl. Stir in 1/2 of whipped cream. Fold in remaining cream. (Can be prepared 1 day ahead. Cover and refrigerate.) Preheat oven to 350°F. Roll pastry out on lightly floured surface to 14x11-inch rectangle. Cut 4 1-inch-wide strips off short side and 4 1-inch strips off long side. Transfer pastry rectangle to ungreased cookie sheet. Pierce with fork. Brush with some of egg glaze. Arrange 1 pastry strip on each edge of rectangle so outside edges meet, trimming as necessary, forming tart edges. Brush top of strips with egg glaze. Repeat with r <END>
INPUT: soft, unsalted butter, onion, garlic, chicken stock, Anson Mills polenta
OUTPUT: TITLE: Soft Polenta with Mascarpone | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1/2 small onion, minced; 1 clove garlic, minced; 4 cups chicken stock; 2 cups Anson Mills polenta; 1/4 cup mascarpone cheese; 1/4 cup grated parmesan cheese; Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper; Chopped fresh parsley, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Melt 2 tablespoons butter in a large saucepan over medium heat. Add the onion and garlic and cook until the onion is translucent, about 5 minutes. Add the chicken stock and bring to a simmer. Slowly whisk in the polenta. Reduce the heat to low and cook, stirring frequently, until the polenta is thick, about 2 hours (adjust the consistency with water or stock, if necessary). Remove from the heat and whisk in the mascarpone, parmesan and the remaining 4 tablespoons butter. Season with salt and pepper and garnish with parsley. Photograph by Jim Franco <END>
INPUT: Asian, salad, dressing, mixed greens, strawberries, kiwi, roasted
OUTPUT: TITLE: Turkey-Mixed Greens Salad with Strawberries, Kiwi and Cashews in Honey-Sesame Dressing | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1 (1 1/2-pound) reserved cooked turkey tenderloin, sliced; 4 cups mixed greens; 1 cup sliced strawberries; 2 sliced kiwi; 1/2 cup dry-roasted, salted cashews; 1/2 cup reduced-sodium chicken broth; 2 tablespoons honey; 2 teaspoons sesame oil; 2 teaspoons honey mustard; Salt and ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Cut turkey into bite-size pieces and set aside. Arrange the mixed greens on salad plates or large serving platter. Top with turkey, strawberries, kiwi, and cashews. In a small bowl, whisk together broth, honey, sesame oil, and honey mustard. Season to taste with salt and black pepper. Pour mixture over turkey and spinach salad. <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, olive oil, leeks, corn kernels, water, wine
OUTPUT: TITLE: Couscous with Leeks, Corn, and Olives | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons olive oil; 2 medium leeks (white and pale green parts only), chopped; 1 cup fresh corn kernels (from about 2 ears of corn); 1 cup water; 1 cup dry white wine; 1 cup canned low-salt chicken broth; 2 teaspoons chopped fresh thyme; 1 10-ounce package couscous; 1 cup pitted Kalamata olives or other brine-cured black olives (about 4 ounces), coarsely chopped; 3 tablespoons fresh lemon juice | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat oil in heavy medium saucepan over medium heat. Add leeks and corn and sauté until vegetables are soft, about 3 minutes. Add 1 cup water, wine, broth, and thyme; bring mixture to boil. Remove pan from heat and mix in couscous. Cover and let stand 5 minutes. Using fork, fluff couscous. Mix in olives and lemon juice. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Serve warm or at room temperature. Heat oil in heavy medium saucepan over medium heat. Add leeks and corn and sauté until vegetables are soft, about 3 minutes. Add 1 cup water, wine, broth, and thyme; bring mixture to boil. Remove pan from h <END>
INPUT: Italian, lasagna, garlic, celery, Spanish onion, fennel bulb, virgin olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Butternut Squash and Pork Lasagna | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 4 cloves garlic, smashed; 3 ribs celery, cut into 1/2-inch lengths; 1 large Spanish onion, cut into 1-inch dice; 1/2 fennel bulb, cut into 1/2-inch chunks; Extra-virgin olive oil; Kosher salt; Pinch crushed red pepper; 2 pounds ground pork; 1 cup tomato paste; 1 cup dry white wine; 2 cups pureed canned tomatoes; 4 bay leaves; 1 cinnamon stick; 1 fresh thyme bundle; 3 large butternut squash, peeled, quartered lengthwise, seeded and cut into 1/8-inch-thick slices, preferably on a mandoline | INSTRUCTIONS: For the pork ragu: (This can TOTALLY be done ahead!) Place the garlic, celery, onions and fennel in a food processor and puree to a coarse paste. Coat a large, wide pot with olive oil and toss in the pureed veg. Bring the pan to a medium-high heat and season generously with salt and a sprinkey dink of crushed red pepper. Cook the veg until they start to get brown and form a crust on the bottom of the pan; be patient...this will take a little time. Scrape the crud off the bottom of the pan and let it re-form. Stay with it and DO NOT let it burn. Add the ground pork, sprinkle with salt and repea <END>
INPUT: Italian, chicken breast halves, Roasted Garlic Pesto, goat cheese, salt pepper, sprays vegetable oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Garlic Pesto Stuffed Chicken Breast | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 4 boneless skinless chicken breast halves (about 6 ounces each); 1 recipe Roasted Garlic Pesto, recipe follows; 1/4 cup goat cheese; 1/2 teaspoon salt 1/2 teaspoon pepper; 2 sprays vegetable oil cooking spray; 4 heads garlic; 4 sprays olive oil cooking spray; 2 cups fresh basil leaves; 1 teaspoon pine nuts | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat a cast-iron griddle over medium-high heat until hot. Cut a small incision into each chicken breast to form a pocket for stuffing. Stuff 1 tablespoon goat cheese 2 tablespoons Roasted Garlic Pesto into each pocket. Season chicken all over with salt and pepper. Spray griddle with cooking spray. Place chicken on hot griddle and sear on each side for at least 3 minutes and then check for doneness; the temperature should register 165 degrees F when measured with an instant-read thermometer. Meanwhile, warm remaining Roasted Garlic Pesto in the microwave. Pour remaining pesto over breasts and s <END>
INPUT: vegetable oil, unsweetened applesauce, pure maple syrup, egg
OUTPUT: TITLE: Maple-Cinnamon Cake | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Nonstick vegetable oil spray; 1/2 cup unsweetened applesauce; 1/2 cup pure maple syrup; 1/4 cup vegetable oil; 1 large egg; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; 1 1/2 cups cake flour; 1/2 cup (packed) golden brown sugar; 1 teaspoon baking powder; 1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1/4 teaspoon baking soda; 1/4 teaspoon salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 400°F. Spray 8 x 8 x 2-inch baking pan with vegetable oil spray. Whisk applesauce, syrup, oil, egg and vanilla in large bowl until blended. Sift flour, brown sugar, baking powder, cinnamon, baking soda and salt into applesauce mixture. Stir to blend. Transfer batter to prepared pan. Bake cake until edges pull away from sides of pan and tester inserted into center comes out clean, about 28 minutes. Transfer pan to rack and cool cake completely. Cut into 12 pieces and serve. Preheat oven to 400°F. Spray 8 x 8 x 2-inch baking pan with vegetable oil spray. Whisk applesauce, syrup,  <END>
INPUT: house, olive oil, short, Salt pepper, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Smoke House Short Ribs | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons olive oil; 8 short ribs; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 large onion, thickly sliced; 1 (12-ounce) bag baby carrots; 1 cup celery, thickly sliced, about 2 stalks; 1 teaspoon minced garlic; 2 teaspoons smoked paprika; 2 teaspoons smoked ground black pepper; 1 1/2 teaspoons all-purpose seasoning salt; 1 cup red wine; 1 (10.5-ounce) can beef stock | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat olive oil in a large saute pan over high heat. Season short ribs with, salt and pepper. Sear the short ribs on all side until brown and caramelized. In the bottom of a 5-quart slow cooker place the onions, carrots, celery and garlic. Then add smoked paprika, smoked ground black pepper, and all-purpose seasoning salt. Pour in wine and beef stock. Place short ribs, meat side up, on top of vegetables. Cover and cook on LOW setting for 8 hours. Strain and defat the cooking liquid. Serve as sauce on the side. <END>
INPUT: asian, side salmon, Dijon mustard, good soy sauce, good olive oil, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Asian Grilled Salmon | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 side fresh salmon, boned but skin on (about 3 pounds); 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard; 3 tablespoons good soy sauce; 6 tablespoons good olive oil; 1/2 teaspoon minced garlic | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Light charcoal briquettes in a grill and brush the grilling rack with oil to keep the salmon from sticking. While the grill is heating, lay the salmon skin side down on a cutting board and cut it crosswise into 4 equal pieces. Whisk together the mustard, soy sauce, olive oil, and garlic in a small bowl. Drizzle half of the marinade onto the salmon and allow it to sit for 10 minutes. Place the salmon skin side down on the hot grill; discard the marinade the fish was sitting in. Grill for 4 to 5 minutes, depending on the thickness of the fish. Turn carefully with a <END>
INPUT: negroni, clementines, dashes orange bitters, Hendrick's Gin, Campari, sweet vermouth
OUTPUT: TITLE: Clementine Negroni | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 clementines, peeled; 3 dashes of orange bitters; 1/4 cup Hendrick's Gin*; 1/4 cup Campari; 3 tablespoons sweet vermouth; Ice cubes; 2 clementine slices (for garnish); Special equipment: cocktail shaker | INSTRUCTIONS: Place 3 whole peeled clementines and orange bitters in cocktail shaker and muddle until clementines are broken down. Add gin, Campari, and vermouth. Fill shaker 3/4 full with ice. Shake vigorously 30 seconds. Strain into 2 Martini glasses, dividing equally. Garnish each with clementine slice. Place 3 whole peeled clementines and orange bitters in cocktail shaker and muddle until clementines are broken down. Add gin, Campari, and vermouth. Fill shaker 3/4 full with ice. Shake vigorously 30 seconds. Strain into 2 Martini glasses, dividing equally. Garnish each with clementine slice. Available at <END>
INPUT: cupcakes, curd, egg yolks, Zest lemons, lemon juice, sugar, fine salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lemon Angel Food Cupcakes with Lemon Curd and Mascarpone Frosting | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 egg yolks, at room temperature; Zest of 2 lemons; 1/4 cup fresh lemon juice (about 2 large lemons); 1/3 cup sugar; 1/8 teaspoon fine salt; 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, cut into 1/2-inch cubes, at room temperature; One 1-pound box angel food cake mix; Zest of 2 lemons; 1/4 cup lemon juice; 2 cups heavy whipping cream, chilled; 1/4 cup powdered sugar; 1 tablespoon pure vanilla extract; 8 ounces mascarpone cheese, at room temperature; Yellow sprinkles or yellow sanding sugar, for decorating | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. For the lemon curd: Whisk together the egg yolks, lemon zest, lemon juice, sugar and salt in a medium saucepan. Set the saucepan over medium-low heat and cook, stirring constantly with a wooden spoon or spatula and making sure to scrape the sides and bottom of the pan, until the mixture is thick enough to coat the back of a spoon, 3 to 5 minutes. Remove from the heat and add the butter, one piece at a time, stirring until smooth. Transfer the curd to a heat-proof bowl and cover the surface with plastic wrap to avoid a skin from forming. Refrigerate until chilled  <END>
INPUT: mediterranean, Tbs. olive oil, garlic, onion, tbs. capers
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mediterranean Grilled Tuna | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 (3/4-inch thick) tuna steaks; 2 Tbs. olive oil; 2 garlic cloves, minced; 1 medium onion, sliced; 2 tbs. capers; 1/4 cup pitted and coarsely chopped black olives; 1 (14-oz. can) whole plum tomatoes with their juice, crushed by hand; 2 Tbs. chopped fresh parsley; salt and pepper to taste | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat grill. Brush both sides of each tuna steak with 2 teaspoons olive oil and season with salt and pepper. Place on the hot grill and cook for 2 minutes per side for rare. Saute onions and garlic in 2 tablespoon olive oil until soft and fragrant. Add tomatoes, olives, parsley and capers and simmer until tomato juice evaporates. Season to taste. Spoon sauce over tuna steaks. <END>
INPUT: salad, tomatoes, wine, water, onions, peppercorns
OUTPUT: TITLE: Corn, Tomato, and Lobster Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups roughly chopped ripe tomatoes; 2 cups dry white wine; 1/2 cup water; 1 cup thinly sliced onions; 3 black peppercorns; 2 sprigs fresh tarragon; 1 (1 1/2-pound) lobster; 2 tablespoons minced shallot or red onions; 2 tablespoons champagne vinegar or white wine vinegar; 2 tablespoons freshly squeezed lemon juice; 1/2 teaspoon grated lemon zest; 1/3 cup plus 1/2 teaspoon extra-virgin olive oil; 1/2 teaspoon salt, plus more for seasoning; 1/8 teaspoon cayenne pepper; 1 1/4 cups Silver Queen (or other regional variety) fresh corn kernels (from about 2 ears) | INSTRUCTIONS: Fill a large bowl with ice and cold water, and set it aside. In a 4- to 6-quart Dutch oven, or other heavy-bottomed pot with a tight-fitting lid, combine the chopped tomatoes, wine, water, onions, peppercorns, and tarragon sprigs. Bring to a boil over high heat, uncovered; then reduce the heat to a simmer and cook for 15 minutes. Raise the heat to high, add the lobster to the pot, and cover the pot immediately with a heavy, tightfitting lid. Steam the lobster for 13 minutes, until it is bright red and the long feelers are easily removed from their sockets. Immediately plunge the lobster into t <END>
INPUT: angel, food, egg whites, all purpose flour, granulated sugar, cream tartar, lemon juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lemon-Vanilla Angel Food Cake | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cups egg whites; 1 cup all-purpose flour, or 1 1/4 cups cake flour; 1 1/4 cups granulated sugar, or 2 1/2 cups confectioners' sugar; 1 1/2 teaspoons cream of tartar; 3 tablespoons freshly squeezed lemon juice; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; Confectioners' sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: A 10 x 4-inch tube pan or a 9 to 10-inch round cake pan with sides at least 3 inches high (a removable bottom is helpful) Check that one rack is in the middle of the oven and heat the oven to 325 degrees. Pour the egg whites into the bowl in which you will be making the batter. If the pan has a removable bottom, do nothing to it. If it does not, lightly butter the bottom. Line the bottom with waxed paper or parchment paper cut to fit, and lightly butter the paper. Thoroughly mix the flour and 1/4 cup of the granulated sugar or 1/2 cup of the confectioners' sugar in a small bowl. Have all ingre <END>
INPUT: Asian, ching, soup, vegetable beef stock, peanut vegetable oil, shallot, onion, ginger
OUTPUT: TITLE: Ching's Classic Beef Noodle Soup | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1 quart vegetable or beef stock; 2 tablespoons peanut or vegetable oil; 1 large shallot, finely chopped; 1/2 yellow onion, chopped; 2 tablespoons grated fresh ginger; 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped; 1 red chile, stemmed, seeded and chopped; 1 red Thai bird chile, stemmed, seeded and chopped; 7 ounces beef chuck roast or boneless shin, chopped into 1/2-inch pieces; 4 ounces dried flat udon noodles; 1 small carrot, chopped; 2 teaspoons light brown sugar; 1 teaspoon chili bean sauce, plus more as needed; 1 teaspoon dark soy sauce; 1 teaspoon cornstarch mixed with 2 teaspoons water | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat the oil in a large saucepan over medium heat. Add the shallots and onions and cook until softened, 3 to 4 minutes, and then stir in the ginger, garlic and chiles and cook, stirring, for about 1 minute. Add the beef and stir-fry until it begins to brown, and then pour in the vegetable stock and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat to a simmer, cover and cook until the meat is very tender, 1 hour 15 minutes to 1 hour 30 minutes. Meanwhile, bring a large pot of water to a boil and cook the udon according to package instructions. Drain and rinse under cold water. Set aside. Add the carrots to the <END>
INPUT: American, steak, sauce, pepper, shallot, cremini mushrooms, Kosher salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mushroom and Red Wine Steak Sauce | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 4 tablespoons (1/2 stick) unsalted butter; 1/2 teaspoon crushed red pepper; 1 medium shallot, thinly sliced; 24 ounces cremini mushrooms, halved; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 tablespoon minced fresh thyme; 2 cloves garlic, grated on a rasp grater; 1/2 cup dry red wine | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Heat 2 tablespoons of the butter in large skillet over medium heat until melted. Add the red pepper and shallots and gently cook until the shallots soften, about 3 minutes. Add the mushrooms and season with salt and pepper. Cover and cook for 10 minutes, then take off the cover and cook until the mushrooms are golden brown, another 10 minutes. Add the thyme and garlic and cook until fragrant, then deglaze with the wine and cook until the alcohol scent dissipates, another 2 to 3 minutes. Add the remaining 2 tablespoons butter and cook until melted; season again. S <END>
INPUT: citrus, vinaigrette, farro, salt, water, orange zest, orange juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Farro Salad with Citrus Vinaigrette | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup farro, lightly toasted; 2 teaspoons salt, plus more for seasoning; 2 1/2 cups water, or stock; 1 tablespoon orange zest; 2 tablespoons fresh orange juice, from about 1/4 orange; 2 tablespoons minced shallot; 2 teaspoons Dijon mustard; 3 tablespoons white balsamic vinegar; 1/3 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 6 cups micro salad greens, washed and dried; 1/2 cup Marcona almonds; 1/3 cup prunes, chopped; 1/3 cup dried cherries, chopped; 1/4 cup1/4-inch diced red onions; 1/2 cup 1/4-inch diced tart apple or firm pear | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large, heavy saucepan over medium-high heat, add the farro, 2 teaspoons salt, and water (or stock, if using). Bring to a simmer, cover and cook, stirring occasionally, until the farro is tender, 35 to 45 minutes. Check a few times while it is cooking, you want it to be al dente. Remove from the heat, drain any excess water, and set aside to cool. While the grains are simmering make the dressing. Whisk together the orange zest and juice, shallots, white balsamic vinegar, and olive oil. Add salt and pepper, to taste, and set aside. Just before serving, in a large bowl, toss the farro with 3 <END>
INPUT: Mexican, ceviche, cups, corn vegetable oil, lime, Kosher salt, shrimp
OUTPUT: TITLE: Shrimp Ceviche in Toasted Corn Cups | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons corn or vegetable oil; 1 lime, zested; 12 (6-inch) white corn tortillas; Kosher salt; 3/4 pounds shrimp, peeled, tails removed and deveined; 1 ear white corn, husked; 1/2 small red onion, finely minced; 1 cup finely cubed watermelon; 3 oranges, zested, segmented, and juice squeezed from pulp; 1 lemon, juiced; 3 tablespoons chopped cilantro leaves; 1/2 small green jalapenos, finely minced; Kosher salt; 1 avocado, halved, pitted and flesh removed; 1 lime, juiced | INSTRUCTIONS: Toasted Corn Cups: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. In a small bowl, combine oil and lime zest. Warm the tortillas in a skillet over medium-high heat for 20 seconds per side. Transfer the warmed tortillas to a work surface. Brush both sides with lime oil and sprinkle liberally with salt. Use a 2-inch round cookie cutter to cut 2 to 3 circles from each tortilla. Press each circle into a 24-hole mini muffin pan, allowing the edges to curl decoratively. Bake for 5 to 7 minutes until the cups are crisp, but not brown. Remove from the oven and transfer to a wire rack to cool while making ceviche. Cev <END>
INPUT: American, breakfast, whipped cream cheese, curd cottage cheese, confectioners' sugar, waffles, jam
OUTPUT: TITLE: Breakfast Grilled Cheese | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1/3 cup whipped cream cheese; 1/4 cup small-curd cottage cheese; 2 tablespoons confectioners' sugar, plus more for topping; 4 frozen waffles (untoasted); 1 to 2 tablespoons jam (any flavor); 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, plus more if needed; Ground cinnamon, for topping | INSTRUCTIONS: Mix the cream cheese, cottage cheese and confectioners' sugar in a medium bowl. Spread 2 waffles with the jam, then top with the cream cheese mixture; cover with the remaining 2 waffles. Melt the butter in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Add the sandwiches and cook until golden and crisp, about 3 minutes per side, adding more butter to the pan if needed. (Adjust the heat if the waffles are browning too quickly.) Let the sandwiches rest 1 minute before serving. Sprinkle with confectioners' sugar and cinnamon. Photograph by Sam Kaplan <END>
INPUT: pears, sauce, vegetable oil, onion, garlic, apple juice, wine
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken with Sauteed Pears and Rosemary Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons plus 2 teaspoons vegetable oil; 1/2 cup chopped onion; 1 tablespoon minced garlic; 2 cups apple juice; 1/2 cup red wine; 2 tablespoons balsamic vinegar; 2 tablespoons dried rosemary; 1 teaspoon fresh thyme or 1/2 teaspoon dried; Pinch of dried crushed red pepper; 1/2 cup whipping cream; 1 Bosc pear, quartered, cored, thinly sliced; 4 skinless boneless chicken breast halves; 1/4 cup Marsala | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat 2 tablespoons oil in heavy medium saucepan over medium-high heat. Add onion and garlic; sauté until tender, about 5 minutes. Add apple juice, red wine, vinegar, rosemary, thyme and crushed red pepper; bring to boil. Reduce heat; simmer until mixture is reduced to 1 1/2 cups, stirring occasionally, about 20 minutes. Strain mixture into small saucepan; discard solids. Add cream and simmer until reduced to sauce consistency, about 12 minutes. Meanwhile heat 2 teaspoons oil in heavy medium skillet over medium heat. Add pear slices; sauté until tender and golden brown, about 8 minutes. (Sauce  <END>
INPUT: American, brownies, unsalted butter, sugar, cocoa powder, cinnamon, fine salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: BBQ Brownies | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 10 tablespoons unsalted butter, cubed; 1 cup sugar; 3/4 cup cocoa powder; 1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1/4 teaspoon fine salt; 2 large eggs; 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract; 1/2 cup all-purpose flour; Nonstick cooking spray; 12 BBQ-flavor kettle-cooked potato chips, broken in half | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Special equipment: two 12-cup nonstick mini muffin tins Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. In a heatproof bowl set over (but not in) a saucepan of gently simmering water, combine the butter, sugar, cocoa powder, cinnamon and salt. Stir continuously until the butter is melted and the mixture is smooth and hot to the touch, about 8 minutes Remove from the heat and stir with a silicone spatula until cool, about 2 minutes. Stir in the eggs, one at a time, and then the vanilla until the mixture gets very shiny and smooth, about 2 minutes. Your arm may get tired but t1 <END>
INPUT: Persian kirby cucumbers, dill, kosher salt, pepper, lemon zest
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fresh Dill Cucumbers with Lemon | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound Persian or kirby cucumbers, thinly sliced lengthwise on a mandoline; 1/4 cup coarsely chopped fresh dill; 1 teaspoon kosher salt; Freshly ground black pepper; 1 tablespoon finely grated lemon zest; 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine cucumbers, dill, and salt in a medium bowl; season with pepper and toss to coat. Cover and chill 30 minutes. Drain cucumbers and place in a clean bowl. Top with lemon zest and juice. Combine cucumbers, dill, and salt in a medium bowl; season with pepper and toss to coat. Cover and chill 30 minutes. Drain cucumbers and place in a clean bowl. Top with lemon zest and juice. Do Ahead Cucumbers can be salted up to 4 hours ahead. Keep chilled. Cucumbers can be salted up to 4 hours ahead. Keep chilled. <END>
INPUT: American, virgin olive oil, onion, Kosher salt, garlic, turkey
OUTPUT: TITLE: Turkey Burger | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: Extra-virgin olive oil; 1 onion, cut into 1/4-inch dice; Kosher salt; 2 cloves garlic, smashed and finely chopped; 1 1/2 pounds ground turkey; 1/4 cup soy sauce; 1 tablespoon sambal oelek, optional; 1-inch piece fresh ginger, peeled and grated; One 8-ounce can water chestnuts, drained and coarsely chopped; 1/2 bunch fresh cilantro leaves, finely chopped; 4 slices Cheddar; 4 seeded burger buns; 1/4 cup mayo mixed with 2 teaspoons sambal oelek; 4 slices beefsteak tomatoes; 4 slices raw red onion | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the oven to 200 degrees F to keep the first batch of burgers warm. For the burgers: Coat a large saute pan with olive oil. Add the onions, season with salt and bring to a medium-high heat. Cook the onions until they are soft and very aromatic, 7 to 8 minutes. Add the garlic and cook for 1 to 2 minutes. Turn off the heat and let cool. In a large mixing bowl, combine the turkey, soy sauce, sambal oelek, ginger, water chestnuts, cilantro and the cooked onions and garlic. (Reserve the onion pan to cook the burgers in later.) Add one-quarter to one-half cup wa <END>
INPUT: Asian, dipping, coconut milk, onion, garlic, turmeric, pepper flakes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Coconut Wings with Thai Peanut Dipping Sauce | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups coconut milk; 1 medium onion, coarsely chopped; 2 tablespoons crushed garlic; 2 teaspoons ground turmeric; 2 teaspoons red pepper flakes; 1 teaspoon ground galangal (or 1/2 teaspoon freshly grated ginger); 1 tablespoon kosher salt; 20 chicken wings, jointed; Thai Peanut Sauce, recipe follows; 1/2 cup unsalted roasted peanuts; 1 tablespoon peanut oil, plus more to taste; 2 fresh Thai chiles or other small chiles; 1 1/2-inch-thick slice fresh ginger; 4 garlic cloves; 1/3 cup canned unsweetened coconut milk | INSTRUCTIONS: To make the marinade: using a food processor, grind the ingredients into a paste the consistency of thin yogurt. Reserve small amount for basting and transfer the remaining marinade to a glass bowl. Add the cleaned and trimmed chicken wings. Toss liberally, cover with plastic wrap, and marinate in the refrigerator overnight. To grill the wings, shake off the excess marinade and grill the wings over medium heat for approximately 5 minutes per side, or until crispy. Brush them frequently with the reserved marinade, and be careful not to burn the wing tips. The wings should have a crispy texture  <END>
INPUT: Italian, pesto, salted capers, lemon, flat leafed parsley, golden raisins, shallot
OUTPUT: TITLE: Caper, Raisin, and Lemon Pesto | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup salted capers; 1 lemon; 1/4 cup packed fresh flat-leafed parsley leaves; 2 tablespoons golden raisins; 1 tablespoon chopped shallot; 1 tablespoon water; 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Rinse capers well and soak in cold water to cover by 3 inches 30 minutes (to remove excess salt). Drain capers well. With a vegetable peeler remove six 2 1/2- by 1/2-inch strips zest from lemon and finely chop. Halve lemon and squeeze enough juice to measure 4 teaspoons, or to taste. In a food processor combine capers, zest, juice, parsley, raisins, shallot, water, and pepper. With motor running, add oil in a stream and puree until smooth. Season pesto with salt if necessary. (Pesto keeps, covered and chilled, 1 day.) Rinse capers well and soak in cold water to cover by 3 inches 30 minutes (to <END>
INPUT: broccoli florets stems, sesame oil, chili garlic sauce
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chili Garlic Broccoli | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups broccoli florets with stems; 1 teaspoon sesame oil; 1/2 teaspoon chili garlic sauce | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring a large pot of boiling water to a boil. Add broccoli, reduce the heat to a simmer, and simmer until just tender, about 3 minutes. Drain. While broccoli is simmering, heat oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Add chile garlic sauce and swirl to combine with oil. Add drained broccoli and stir-fry until just cooked though; be careful to just warm through. Serve as a side dish or over rice. <END>
INPUT: maracuya, mousse, passion fruit pulp, heavy cream, Mint, Biscotti other crisp
OUTPUT: TITLE: Maracuya (Passion Fruit) Mousse | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups frozen passion fruit pulp, defrosted; 4 cups heavy cream; 1 (14-ounce) can sweetened condensed milk; Mint sprigs, for garnish; Biscotti or other crisp cookies, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Special Equipment: martini glasses Place 1 tablespoon of passion fruit pulp in the bottom of 8 martini glasses or ramekins, totaling in 1/2 cup passion fruit pulp, set them aside. Using an electric mixer beat the cream until it holds stiff peaks. Whisk 1 1/4 cups of passion fruit pulp with the condensed milk in a large bowl, add 1/4 of the whipped cream and whisk it in. Fold in the remaining whipped cream and fill martini glasses or ramekins with some mousse. Drizzle some of the remaining passion fruit pulp over the top. Serve immediately or cover flush with plas <END>
INPUT: virgin olive oil, chicken, Kosher salt, carrots, celery
OUTPUT: TITLE: Hazelnut Chicken | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; One 4-pound chicken, cut into 8 pieces; Kosher salt; 2 carrots, chopped; 2 stalks celery, chopped; 1 onion, chopped; 3 tablespoons hazelnut liqueur; 2 tablespoons balsamic vinegar; 2 cups low-sodium chicken broth; 1 cup smashed Cerignola olives; 1/2 cup dried figs, quartered; 3 sprigs fresh oregano; 1/2 cup chopped, peeled hazelnuts; 1/4 cup fresh Italian parsley, chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat a 5 1/2-quart braising pan over medium-high heat. Add the oil to the pan and continue to heat. Using a paper towel, dry the chicken pieces well. Season all sides of the chicken with 1 1/2 teaspoons salt. Add the chicken to the hot pan skin-side down, and cook until the skin is golden brown and the chicken releases easily from the pan, about 4 minutes. Flip the chicken and cook the other side until nicely browned, about 4 minutes more. Transfer the chicken to a plate and set aside. To the hot pan, add the carrots, celery and onion. Cook, stirring often with a wooden spoon, until the vegeta <END>
INPUT: chardonnay, wine, golden raisins, water, unsalted butter, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chardonnay Rice with Golden Raisins | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cups dry white wine, such as a Sauvignon Blanc (recommended: Sterling Vintners Collection), divided; 1/2 cup golden raisins; 2 cups water; 1 tablespoon unsalted butter; Pinch salt; 1 1/2 cups long-grain rice; 1/2 cup sliced almonds; 1 tablespoon chopped parsley leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: In a small pot over medium heat, warm 1/2 cup of the wine. Take the pan off the heat, add the raisins, and let sit until cooled and the raisins are plump. In a medium pot over high heat, bring 2 cups of water, remaining wine, butter, and salt to a boil over medium heat. Stir in the rice, reduce the heat to low, cover, and cook until the rice is tender, about 20 minutes. Add the raisins and mix them into the rice. Cover and let rest for about 10 minutes. Fluff the rice with a fork, then stir in the almonds. Transfer the rice to a serving bowl, garnish with parsley, and serve. <END>
INPUT: American, omelette, eggs, heavy cream, unsalted butter, smoked salmon, cream cheese
OUTPUT: TITLE: Smoked Salmon and Cream Cheese Omelette with Green Onions | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 8 eggs; 1/4 cup heavy cream; 2 tablespoon unsalted butter; 1/3 pound smoked salmon, torn into large piece; 1 cup cream cheese, room temperature; 4 green onions, finely chopped, garnish; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Whisk eggs and heavy cream together in a large mixing bowl. Take a large nonstick pan and set over medium heat. When the pan is heated add the butter and spread out evenly over the surface of the pan. Once it starts to foam turn the heat down and add eggs. Using a spatula swirl the eggs quickly in a circular motion as you gently shake the pan back and forth to cook evenly, you don't want any color. Once the eggs begin to set, drop the pieces of salmon, small spoonfuls of cream cheese, and green onions over the top. Season with salt and pepper, then as you slide it out onto your cutting board,  <END>
INPUT: Italian, soup, onion, ginger, sugar, Roma tomatoes, chicken stock
OUTPUT: TITLE: Basil Tomato Soup | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 large red onion, diced; 1 tablespoon minced ginger; 1 tablespoon brown sugar; 4 cups whole Roma tomatoes, diced; 5 cups chicken stock; 1 cup picked basil leaves; Salt and black pepper. to taste | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large saucepan and a little oil, caramelize the onions, ginger and sugar. Add the tomatoes and bring to a simmer. Season with salt and pepper. Add the stock and simmer on low heat until very soft, at least 20 minutes. Add the basil and puree. Check for seasoning. <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, ratatouille, almonds, virgin olive oil, chili flakes, garlic, Sea salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Ratatouille with Feta, Green Olives, and Almonds | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup whole almonds; 6 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, plus more as needed; 1 teaspoon red chili flakes; 3 cloves garlic, chopped; Sea salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 pound feta cheese, crumbled; 1 cup pitted green olives; 1 bunch fresh basil, leaves hand-torn; 1 medium onion, chopped; 5 medium Japanese eggplant, chopped; 3 medium zucchini, chopped; 3 tomatoes, seeded and chopped; 1 tablespoon capers, drained; 1 (28-ounce) can whole peeled tomatoes, drained and hand crushed; 1 tablespoon balsamic vinegar | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Put the almonds into a large skillet over medium heat. Gently toast the nuts, being careful not to let them burn, for about 3 minutes. Add 3 tablespoons olive oil, 1/2 teaspoon red chili flakes, 1 chopped garlic clove, and salt and pepper to taste. Cook for another 3 minutes and transfer to a plate to cool. Crush the almonds roughly and put them into a bowl along with the feta cheese, olives, and 1/3 of the basil leaves. Mix well to combine all the ingredients. Put 3 tablespoons olive oil and the remaining 1/2 teaspoon chili flakes into the skillet over medium he <END>
INPUT: chicken breasts thighs, salt, pepper, olive oil, unsalted butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Braised Chicken with Celery Root and Garlic | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 lb chicken parts such as breasts and thighs (with skin and bone) and drumsticks; 1 1/4 teaspoons salt; 1/2 teaspoon black pepper; 1 tablespoon olive oil; 1 tablespoon unsalted butter; 1 celery root (sometimes called celeriac; 1 1/4 lb), peeled with a sharp knife and cut into 3/4-inch cubes; 1 head garlic, cloves separated and left unpeeled; 1 1/4 cups reduced-sodium chicken broth (10 fl oz); 2 fresh thyme sprigs; Accompaniment: crusty bread; Garnish: fresh thyme | INSTRUCTIONS: Pat chicken dry and sprinkle all over with salt and pepper. Heat oil in a 12-inch heavy skillet over moderately high heat until hot but not smoking, then brown chicken, starting skin sides down, turning over once, 8 to 10 minutes. Transfer to a plate and pour off all but 1 tablespoon fat from skillet. Add butter to skillet and heat over moderately high heat until foam subsides, then sauté celery root and garlic, stirring frequently, until celery root is browned, about 5 minutes. Add broth and thyme and deglaze skillet by boiling, stirring and scraping up any brown bits, 1 minute. Return chicke <END>
INPUT: focaccia, virgin olive oil, pizza dough, clementines, fennel bulb, fennel seed
OUTPUT: TITLE: Focaccia with Clementine and Fennel | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, plus 1 teaspoon for drizzling, optional; 1 pound pizza dough; 1 large or 2 small clementines, sliced thin; 1 small fennel bulb, shaved thin with a mandoline; 1/2 teaspoon fennel seed; 1 teaspoon flaky sea salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Brush the bottom and sides of a 9-by-13-inch rimmed baking sheet with 2 tablespoons of the olive oil. Stretch the pizza dough to fit the pan. Using a pastry brush, brush the dough with the remaining 1 tablespoon olive oil. Evenly distribute the clementine slices, shaved fennel and fennel seeds over the dough, pushing them gently into the dough. Sprinkle with the flaky sea salt and drizzle with an additional teaspoon of olive oil if desired. Bake the focaccia until golden brown, 25 to 30 minutes. Cut into slices and serve. <END>
INPUT: basted, gravy, poblano chilies, ancho chilies, turkey, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Achiote Butter-Basted Turkey with Ancho Chili Gravy | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 fresh poblano chilies; 3 dried ancho chilies, stemmed, halved, seeded; 1 22- to 24-pound turkey, giblets discarded; 1 large white onion, quartered; 3/4 cup (1 1/2 sticks) butter, room temperature; 3 tablespoons achiote paste; 3 1/2 cups (about) canned low-salt chicken broth; 1/4 cup Masa Harina (corn tortilla mix) | INSTRUCTIONS: Char poblano chilies over gas flame or in broiler until blackened on all sides. Enclose chilies in paper bag. Let stand 10 minutes to steam. Peel and seed chilies. Toast ancho chilies in heavy large skillet over high heat until color darkens slightly and chilies are fragrant, about 30 seconds per side. Transfer ancho chilies to medium bowl. Add enough hot water to bowl to cover chilies. Let stand until chilies soften, about 20 minutes. Puree 4 ancho chili halves with 1/2 cup soaking liquid in blender. Add roasted poblano chilies; puree. Season with salt and pepper. Drain remaining 2 chili halv <END>
INPUT: American, Coconut oil, cornmeal, paprika, salt, cayenne
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fried Green Tomatoes with BBQ-Buttermilk Sauce | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: Coconut oil, for frying; 1 1/2 cups cornmeal; 1 teaspoon paprika; 1 teaspoon salt; 1/2 teaspoon cayenne; 1/2 teaspoon pepper; 1 cup flour; 3 eggs, beaten; 2 green tomatoes, sliced; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1/2 cup mayonnaise; 1/4 cup buttermilk; 2 tablespoons barbecue sauce; 1 tablespoon apple cider vinegar; 1 teaspoon lime juice | INSTRUCTIONS: For the tomatoes: In a large heavy-bottomed saucepan, pour enough oil to fill the pan about a third of the way. Heat over medium heat until a deep-frying thermometer inserted in the oil reaches 350 degrees F. In a shallow dish, add the cornmeal, paprika, salt, cayenne and pepper. Mix will. Place the flour on a separate shallow dish. Place the beaten eggs into another shallow dish. Dredge the slices of tomato into the flour, then the eggs and finally in the seasoned cornmeal. Place the breaded tomatoes in the oil and fry until golden brown, about 3 minutes on each side. Remove and drain the tom <END>
INPUT: standing, garlic, rosemary thyme, Kosher salt pepper, Olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Standing Rib Roast with Cabernet au Jus | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 (3-rib) prime rib beef roast, about 6 pounds; 5 garlic cloves, smashed; Fresh rosemary and thyme, roughly chopped; Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper; Olive oil; 2 carrots, cut in chunks; 2 potatoes, peeled and cut in chunks; 1 onion, cut in half; 2 cups Cabernet Sauvignon; Pinch sugar; 1/4 cup water or beef drippings; 2 tablespoons chopped parsley | INSTRUCTIONS: Buying and trimming: When ordering the rib roast from a butcher, be sure to request a "top choice" roast cut from the small loin end; the best being ribs 12 through 10. Have the butcher cut off the chine/backbone. The rib bones look best if they are shortened and frenched, have the butcher do this for you as well. Preheat oven to 325 degrees F. Place the roast, rib side down, in a large roasting pan. In a small bowl mash together garlic, rosemary, thyme, salt, pepper and olive oil to make a paste. Smear the paste generously over the entire roast. Scatter the vegetables around the meat and driz <END>
INPUT: spenser, broccoli, virgin olive oil, pepper flakes, Neely's Rub, wine vinegar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spenser's Grilled Broccoli | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 large heads broccoli, cut lengthwise; 1/2 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 1/2 teaspoon red pepper flakes; 2 tablespoons Neely's Dry Rub; 1/4 cup white wine vinegar; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 4 cloves garlic, chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil over medium-high heat. Add the broccoli and blanch until it turns bright green, then remove to a large bowl of ice water to shock and to stop the cooking. Drain the broccoli and dry well with paper towels. Put the broccoli into a large resealable plastic bag. Whisk the olive oil, red pepper flakes, Neely's Dry Rub, white wine vinegar, salt, pepper, and garlic together in a small bowl. Pour over the broccoli and seal the bag. Let marinate for 30 minutes. Preheat the grill to medium heat. Remove the broccoli from the bag, <END>
INPUT: vegetable, gravy, tomato paste, kernels garlic, bay leaves, pure pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pot Roast and Vegetable Gravy | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 (10 to 12 pound) bolar roast, (chuck roast), hand tied tight to a 4-inch diameter; 3 tablespoons tomato paste; 2 kernels fresh garlic, smashed; 2 bay leaves; 1 tablespoon pure ground black pepper; 1 tablespoon salt; 1 teaspoon onion salt; 5 large red bliss potatoes, cubed; 12 small carrots or 2 yellow rutabagas; 2 onions; 1/2 stalk celery; 10 ounces flour; 10 pounds peeled large red bliss potatoes; 2 ounces horseradish; 2 onions, ground | INSTRUCTIONS: Pot Roast: Preheat oven to 275 degrees. Place roast in a pan and season with tomato paste, garlic, bay leaves, pepper, salt and onion salt. Put 1 1/2-inche of water in the bottom of the pan. Surround the roast with 1/2-inch cubes or stew cuts of fresh vegetables. Cover the roast pan with another interlocking roast pan of the same size and roast for 2 hours. Then turn over and cook for another 2 to 2 1/2 hours. Gravy: Separate the vegetables from the natural gravy stock. Pour the stock into a heavy gauge pot. Scrape the bottom of the roast pan and add to stock. You should have about 3 quarts of <END>
INPUT: biscuits, all purpose flour, baking powder, pepper, kosher salt, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Salt and Pepper Biscuits with Bacon Butter | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 1/2 cups all-purpose flour; 2 teaspoons baking powder; 1 1/2 teaspoons ground black pepper; 1 teaspoon kosher salt; 1 teaspoon sugar; 1/4 teaspoon baking soda; 8 tablespoons unsalted butter, cubed and chilled; 1 to 1 1/4 cups buttermilk, plus more for brushing; 2 teaspoons flaky salt, such as Maldon; Bacon Butter, recipe follows; 8 slices bacon; 1/2 cup (1 stick) unsalted butter, at room temperature; 1/8 teaspoon freshly ground pepper; Pinch kosher salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F and place rack in the center of oven. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper and set aside. In large bowl, whisk to combine the flour, baking powder, 1 teaspoon of the pepper, the salt, sugar and baking soda. Cut the butter into the flour until combined, and then stir in 1 cup of the buttermilk, adding 1/4 cup more if needed, until a rough dough forms. Turn the dough onto a work surface, knead gently to combine, and then pat into an 8-inch square. Cut into 9 square biscuits and place on the prepared baking sheet about 2 inches  <END>
INPUT: sea beans, shucked oysters, salt, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Black Roasted Cod with Sea Beans and Oysters | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 lb sea beans (2 cups); 16 shucked small oysters (preferably Kumamoto or Prince Edward Island) with their liquor; 4 (6- to 7-oz) pieces skinless black cod fillet (1 3/4 inches thick); 1/4 teaspoon salt; 1/8 teaspoon black pepper; 1 tablespoon olive oil; 1/4 cup finely chopped shallot; 1/2 stick (1/4 cup) unsalted butter; 4 teaspoons fresh lemon juice | INSTRUCTIONS: Put oven rack in middle position and preheat oven to 450°F. Cook sea beans in a 2-quart saucepan of boiling (unsalted) water 1 minute, then drain in a colander. Quickly transfer to a bowl of ice and cold water to stop cooking. Drain, then pat dry with paper towels. Drain oysters in a sieve set over a bowl and reserve their liquor. Pat fish dry and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Heat oil in a 12-inch ovenproof heavy skillet over moderately high heat until hot but not smoking, then cook fish, skinned side up, until undersides are browned, 2 to 3 minutes. Turn fish over and transfer skillet to ov <END>
INPUT: beer, pale lager, hard shell clams, Lemon halves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Beer-Steamed Clams | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 12-ounce bottle pale lager; 5 pounds hard-shell clams (such as littlenecks), scrubbed; Lemon halves (for serving) | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring beer to a boil in a large heavy pot. Add clams. Cover pot, reduce heat to medium, and steam clams until they open, 6–8 minutes. Using a slotted spoon, transfer clams to a large bowl or platter (discard any that do not open). Serve with lemon halves. Bring beer to a boil in a large heavy pot. Add clams. Cover pot, reduce heat to medium, and steam clams until they open, 6–8 minutes. Using a slotted spoon, transfer clams to a large bowl or platter (discard any that do not open). Serve with lemon halves. <END>
INPUT: chiles, rellenos, poblano chile peppers, muenster cheese, tomatoes, onion, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chiles Rellenos in Tomato Broth | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 8 poblano chile peppers (4 1/2 to 5 inches long); 12 ounces muenster cheese, cut into 8 sticks (about 3 1/2 by 1 inch); 1 1/2 pounds tomatoes, cored and chopped; 1 small onion, chopped; 2 cloves garlic, chopped; 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 2 whole cloves; 7 black peppercorns; 2 small bay leaves; 1 cinnamon stick; 1 sprig fresh cilantro, plus leaves for garnish; 4 cups low-sodium chicken broth; Kosher salt; Vegetable oil, for frying; 6 large eggs, separated | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the broiler. Place the chiles on a foil-lined broiler pan; broil, turning, until the skins char, about 8 minutes. Place in a bowl, cover with plastic wrap and let cool, about 10 minutes. Peel the chiles. Slice each open lengthwise, about 1/2 inch from the top to 1 inch from the bottom. Remove the seedpod, then rinse to flush out any remaining seeds. Blot dry, inside and out, with paper towels. Carefully stuff each chile with a stick of cheese. Puree the tomatoes, onion and garlic in a blender until smooth. Heat the olive oil in a large skillet over high heat until almost smoking. Add t <END>
INPUT: rubbed, pork, virgin olive oil, garlic, onion, kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cocoa-Rubbed Pork Tenderloin with Chocolate Tomato Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Sauce:; 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped; 1 onion, finely chopped; 1 teaspoon kosher salt, plus extra for seasoning; 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, plus extra for seasoning; 3 tablespoons unsweetened cocoa powder; 1/2 cup low-sodium chicken broth; 1 1/2 teaspoons finely chopped fresh rosemary; 1 teaspoon balsamic vinegar; One 14.75-ounce can crushed tomatoes; 1 tablespoon unsweetened cocoa powder; 2 teaspoons ground allspice; 2 teaspoons dark brown sugar; 1 tablespoon kosher salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Position a rack in the center of the oven and preheat to 400 degrees F. For the sauce: Heat the oil in a heavy medium saucepan over medium heat. Add the garlic and onions. Add 1 teaspoon salt and 1/2 teaspoon pepper. Cook until the onion is tender, about 4 minutes. Stir in the cocoa powder. Add the broth, rosemary, vinegar and tomatoes. Bring the sauce to a simmer. Cover the pan. Reduce the heat to low and simmer for 10 minutes, stirring occasionally. Season with salt and pepper. Remove the pan from the heat. For the pork: Whisk the cocoa powder, allspice, dark brown sugar, salt and pepper in  <END>
INPUT: cookies, light sugar, granulated sugar, unsalted butter, egg, vanilla extract
OUTPUT: TITLE: Godiva Chocolate Pecan Caramel Cookies | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup light brown sugar; 1/2 cup granulated sugar; 1/2 cup unsalted butter, room temperature; 1 large egg; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; 1 1/2 cups sifted all-purpose flour; 1/2 teaspoon baking soda; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 3 ounces chopped dark chocolate (recommended: 2 (1.5 ounce) Godiva Dark Chocolate Bars); 1/2 cup chopped pecans; 18 pieces chocolate or vanilla caramels (recommended: Godiva chocolate or vanilla caramels) | INSTRUCTIONS: Special Equipment: 1 (2-ounce) ice cream scoop, 1 or 2 half-sheet pans, parchment paper Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. In a large mixing bowl, cream the sugars and butter together until fluffy, using either an electric mixer or by hand. When mixture is light and fluffy, add egg, and beat to incorporate. Add vanilla and beat to incorporate. In another bowl, sift together the flour, baking soda, and salt. Add dry ingredients slowly to butter mixture and mix to thoroughly combine until a soft dough is formed. Stir in chopped chocolate and pecan pieces until blended. With a (2-ounce) ice cream <END>
INPUT: roast, garlic, olive oil, vegetable oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roast Cod with Potatoes, Onions, and Olives | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound (about 3) onions, cut into 1/2-inch-thick slices; 3 large garlic cloves; 1/4 cup olive oil; 1/3 cup vegetable oil; 1 pound (about 2 large) boiling potatoes; 3/4 cup Kalamata or other brine-cured black olives; 1/2 teaspoon dried rosemary, crumbled; 1/4 cup minced fresh parsley leaves; a 2 1/2-pound piece of center-cut cod fillet | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 450°F. In a large skillet cook the onions and the garlic in the olive oil over moderate heat, stirring occasionally, until the mixture is pale golden. While the onion mixture is cooking, in another large skillet heat the vegetable oil over moderately high heat until it is hot but not smoking and in it sauté the potatoes, peeled and cut into 1/4-inch-thick slices, in batches, turning them, for 5 to 8 minutes, or until they are pale golden, transferring them as they are cooked to a bowl. Add the onion mixture to the potatoes with the olives, the rosemary, the parsley, and sal <END>
INPUT: tri tip steak, Any kind seasoning, Worcestershire sauce
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tri Tip | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound tri-tip steak; Any kind of seasoning, to your taste; 1 cup Worcestershire sauce | INSTRUCTIONS: Remove fat from the trip tip. On the side that you have removed the fat sprinkle your favorite seasoning. Place in a sealable plastic bag and add Worcestershire sauce. Let it marinate overnight in the refrigerator. Remove tri tip from the marinade and grill over high heat until desired doneness. <END>
INPUT: paradise, table salt, sugar, chicken wings, pepper, barbecue rub
OUTPUT: TITLE: Smoked Wings of Paradise | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup table salt; 1/4 cup sugar; 12 medium chicken wings (drumettes attached); Freshly ground black pepper; 1 small jar store-bought barbecue rub | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Special equipment: 2 large wood chunks, soaked for 30 minutes and drained; a rib rack In a large bowl, stir the salt and sugar into 8 cups water until dissolved. Add the chicken wings and let sit at room temperature, 1 hour. Dry off the wings with a paper towel and season with pepper and a bit of the barbecue rub. Place the wood chunks directly on the burner of a grill, under the grate. Close the lid and turn all the burners to high until the chunks start to smoke, about 15 minutes. Turn off all the other burners except the primary burner with the wood chunks. Us <END>
INPUT: Asian, soy sauce, wine vinegar, sugar, sesame oil, plum sauce
OUTPUT: TITLE: Salt and Pepper Shrimp | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup soy sauce; 3/4 cup white wine vinegar; 3/4 cup sugar; 2 tablespoons sesame oil; 1/2 cup plum sauce; 2 tablespoons vegetable oil; 2 teaspoons minced garlic; 2 teaspoons minced ginger; 1/2 red bell pepper, diced; 2 pounds 16/20 shrimp, shell on, deveined; 2 ounces rice cooking wine (recommended: Michu); 4 tablespoons kosher salt; 4 teaspoons freshly ground black pepper; 2 teaspoons ground Szechwan peppercorns, toasted; 2 teaspoons Chinese 5-spice powder | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine all ingredients sesame plum dipping sauce and mix well. Combine all ingredients sesame plum dipping sauce and mix well. Heat the oil in a wok over high heat. Add the garlic, ginger, and red bell pepper. Stir-fry briefly and add the shrimp. Deglaze the wok with the wine. When the wine is almost evaporated and the shrimp are nearly cooked through, add the salt, black pepper, Szechwan pepper, 5-spice powder, and sugar and stir-fry rapidly, taking care not to burn the spices. Remove from the heat immediately and serve with sesame plum dipping sauce. <END>
INPUT: garlicky, broccoli rabe, garlic, virgin olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Garlicky Broccoli Rabe | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 lb broccoli rabe, bottom 2 inches trimmed off; 8 large garlic cloves, thinly sliced; 1/3 cup extra-virgin olive oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Blanch broccoli rabe in an 8-quart pot of boiling salted water , uncovered, until tender, about 6 minutes. Immediately transfer with tongs to a large bowl of ice and cold water to stop cooking. Drain in a colander, pressing to extract excess water. Transfer to a cutting board and chop. Cook garlic in oil in a 12-inch heavy skillet over moderate heat, stirring occasionally, until just golden, then add broccoli rabe and cook, stirring frequently, until heated through, 2 to 3 minutes. Season with salt and pepper. Blanch broccoli rabe in an 8-quart pot of boiling salted water , uncovered, until te <END>
INPUT: Asian, green, Canola oil, ginger, garlic, shallot
OUTPUT: TITLE: Green Shrimp Lo Mein | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: Canola oil; 1 to 2 tablespoons peeled and grated fresh ginger; 3 cloves garlic, smashed and pasted with salt; 1/2 large shallot, thinly sliced into half moons; 8 ounces head-on, peeled and deveined shrimp, left whole; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 10 shiitake mushrooms, stems removed and thinly sliced; 1/2 to 1 cup thinly sliced Napa cabbage; 10 to 15 snow peas, cleaned and thinly sliced; 1/4 cup chicken stock; 2 to 3 tablespoons rice vinegar; 2 to 3 tablespoons soy sauce; 2 to 3 teaspoons sambal; Pinch sugar; 8 ounces lo mein noodles, par-cooked | INSTRUCTIONS: Add 2 to 3 tablespoons canola oil to a large saute pan. Add the ginger, garlic and shallots, and turn the heat to medium to flavor the oil by bringing the oil up to temperature. Cook on medium heat for 3 to 5 minutes until fragrant and soft. Strain the oil and set aside. Reserve all. Add to the same pan some of the now-flavored oil and place over high heat. Sprinkle your shrimp with salt and pepper. Once heated, add the shrimp and saute until pink and opaque, 1 to 2 minutes per side. Pull the shrimp out and set aside. Add the mushrooms to the pan and saute until softened, 2 to 3 minutes. Add i <END>
INPUT: curried, okra, vegetable oil, onion, garlic, ginger
OUTPUT: TITLE: Curried Okra with Chickpeas and Tomatoes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/4 lb small fresh okra, left untrimmed, or 2 (10-oz) packages frozen whole okra (not thawed); 1 1/2 tablespoons vegetable oil; 1 medium onion, chopped; 2 garlic cloves, finely chopped; 4 teaspoons finely chopped peeled fresh ginger; 2 teaspoons curry powder; 1 (14- to 15-oz) can whole tomatoes in juice, tomatoes chopped, reserving juice; 1 (19-oz) can chickpeas, drained and rinsed (2 cups); 2/3 cup water; 3/4 teaspoon salt; 1/4 teaspoon black pepper; Accompaniment: cinnamon-spiced rice or basmati rice | INSTRUCTIONS: If using fresh okra, trim, leaving tops intact, being careful not to cut into pods. Heat oil in a 12-inch heavy skillet over moderately high heat until hot but not smoking, then sauté onion and garlic with ginger and curry powder, stirring, 2 minutes. Add tomatoes with their juice, chickpeas, and water and boil, uncovered, stirring occasionally, 3 minutes. Stir in okra, salt, and pepper and simmer, covered, stirring occasionally, until okra is tender, about 10 minutes. If using fresh okra, trim, leaving tops intact, being careful not to cut into pods. Heat oil in a 12-inch heavy skillet over m <END>
INPUT: strong hot coffee, pure maple syrup, espresso powder, bourbon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sweet Potatoes with Bourbon and Maple | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cups strong hot coffee; 9 tablespoons pure maple syrup; 3 tablespoons (packed) dark brown sugar; 1/2 teaspoons instant espresso powder; 1/3 cup bourbon; 9 tablespoons unsalted butter, divided; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 5 pounds red-skinned sweet potatoes (about 8 medium), peeled, cut into 2 1/2"-3" pieces; 3 tablespoons olive oil; 1/2 cup chopped smoked almonds (or toasted almonds) | INSTRUCTIONS: Stir coffee, maple syrup, sugar, and espresso powder in a medium saucepan over medium-high heat until sugar dissolves. Bring mixture to a boil; cook until thickened and reduced by half, 6-7 minutes. Remove syrup from heat; add bourbon and 2 tablespoons butter. Reduce heat to medium and simmer until sauce is reduced to about 3/4 cup, 40-45 minutes (mixture should be thick enough to coat a spoon, but not sticky, and will thicken as it cools). Season sauce to taste with salt and pepper. DO AHEAD: Sauce can be made 2 days ahead. Cover; chill. Rewarm before serving. Arrange racks in upper and lower <END>
INPUT: salad, pancetta, lemon juice, rosemary, lemon peel, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Potato Salad with Pancetta, Rosemary, and Lemon | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 5 ounces 1/8-inch-thick slices pancetta (Italian bacon; about 5 slices); 1/4 cup fresh lemon juice; 1 tablespoon minced fresh rosemary; 2 teaspoons finely grated lemon peel; 1 garlic clove, pressed; 2/3 cup olive oil; 3 pounds Yukon Gold potatoes; 3 large celery stalks, thinly sliced; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 400°F. Arrange pancetta slices on rimmed baking sheet, spacing apart. Bake until golden brown and crisp, about 20 minutes (do not turn). Drain on paper towels. Cool. Coarsely chop pancetta. Meanwhile, whisk lemon juice, rosemary, lemon peel, and garlic in small bowl. Gradually whisk in oil. Season dressing to taste with salt and pepper. Place potatoes in large pot. Add enough cold water to cover by 1 inch. Bring to boil; reduce heat to medium. Simmer with lid ajar until tender, 18 to 25 minutes, depending on size of potatoes. Drain; let stand until cool enough to handle, about  <END>
INPUT: crusted, cranberry juice, cranberry vodka, salt, center rack pork, clarified butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cranberry and Pecan Crusted Rack of Pork | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 quarts cranberry juice; 12 ounces cranberry vodka (optional); 1/2 cup salt; 1 center cut rack of pork, Frenched, with fat and silver skin removed; 3 tablespoons clarified butter; 4 ounces dried cranberries; 8 ounces toasted pecans; 8 ounces plain bread crumbs; 2 ounces picked thyme; 3 ounces clarified butter; Wilted Spinach, recipe follows; Apple Tart, recipe follows; Cranberry Sauce, recipe follows; 6 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil; 6 cloves blanched garlic, sliced | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine the brining solution ingredients together and cover the pork with the cranberry liquid overnight. Puree the dried cranberries in a blender with a little bit of water until smooth. Toast the pecans. Place in food processor and pulse until slightly ground. Add bread crumbs and picked thyme. Pulse again. Add 3 ounces clarified butter until mixture sticks together to adhere on the pork. Preheat oven to 325 degrees F. After the pork has been brined, remove from the liquid and pat dry. Discard the brining liquid. Heat a large saute pan until hot, add 3 tablespoons of clarified butter and sea <END>
INPUT: Italian, pasta, fettuccine, Cajun spice mix, butter, olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cajun Chicken Pasta | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound fettuccine; About 3 teaspoons Cajun spice mix; 3 whole boneless, skinless chicken breasts, cut into cubes; 2 tablespoons butter; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 3 cloves garlic, minced; 1 whole green bell pepper, seeded and sliced; 1 whole red bell pepper, seeded and sliced; 1/2 large red onion, sliced; Salt; 4 whole Roma tomatoes, diced; 2 cups low-sodium chicken broth; 1/2 cup white wine; 1 cup heavy cream; Cayenne pepper, for sprinkling | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Cook the pasta according to package directions. Drain when the pasta is still al dente; do not overcook! Sprinkle 1 1/2 teaspoons Cajun spice (or more) over the chicken cubes. Toss around to coat. Heat 1 tablespoon butter and 1 tablespoon oil in a heavy skillet over high heat. Add half the chicken in a single layer; do not stir. Allow the chicken to brown on one side, about 1 minute. Flip to the other side and cook an additional minute. Remove with a slotted spoon and place on a clean plate. Repeat with the remaining chicken. Remove the chicken, leaving the skill <END>
INPUT: tilapia fillets, Kosher salt pepper, all purpose flour, virgin olive oil, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lemon-Garlic Tilapia with Spinach | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 5-ounce tilapia fillets; Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper; 1/4 cup all-purpose flour; 6 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 3 cloves garlic, thinly sliced; 3/4 cup low-sodium chicken broth; 1/2 cup dry white wine; Grated zest and juice of 1 lemon, plus wedges for serving; 1 tablespoon unsalted butter; 1/4 cup chopped fresh parsley; 1 5-ounce package baby spinach (about 8 cups) | INSTRUCTIONS: Pat the tilapia dry with paper towels, then season with 1/2 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of pepper. Spread the flour on a plate; dredge the tilapia in the flour, tapping off the excess. Heat 2 tablespoons olive oil in a large nonstick skillet over medium-high heat. Add the tilapia and cook until golden brown, about 3 minutes per side. Transfer to a plate; tent with foil to keep warm. Wipe out the skillet. Heat 3 tablespoons olive oil in the skillet over medium heat. Add the garlic and cook, stirring, until it starts browning, about 2 minutes. Add the chicken broth, wine, and lemon zest and j <END>
INPUT: salad, walnut halves, pearled barley, pink grapefruits, wine vinegar, shallot
OUTPUT: TITLE: Beets and Brussels Sprouts Salad-in-a-Jar | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup walnut halves; 1 cup pearled barley; 2 large pink grapefruits; 3 tablespoons red wine vinegar; 1 small shallot, finely chopped; 2 teaspoons Dijon mustard; 1/2 teaspoon honey; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1/3 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 4 large cooked and peeled beets, cut into 1/2-inch pieces (about 10 ounces); 8 cups baby spinach (about 5 ounces); 1/2 pound Brussels sprouts, thinly sliced; 1/2 cup pomegranate seeds | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: four 32-ounce wide-mouthed glass jars with lids Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Spread the walnuts out on a rimmed baking sheet, and bake until golden and toasted, 8 to 10 minutes. Let cool, and roughly chop. Meanwhile, make the barley: Bring a small saucepan of water to a boil. Add the barley, and simmer until plumped and tender, 20 to 25 minutes. Strain and rinse under cold water. (The barley can be made and refrigerated up to 2 days ahead.) Prepare the grapefruit: Remove the peel and pith from the grapefruits with a sharp knife. Cut the grapefruits into pieces, and rem <END>
INPUT: American, Cocoa powder confectioners', bittersweet semisweet chocolate, chocolate wafer cookies, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate Banana Cream Pie | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: Cocoa powder or confectioners' sugar, for dusting; 6 tablespoons (3/4 stick) unsalted butter; 1 1/2 ounces bittersweet or semisweet chocolate, chopped; 30 chocolate wafer cookies; 1 tablespoon sugar; 2 to 3 firm, but ripe bananas; 2/3 cup granulated sugar; 1/4 cup cornstarch; 1/8 teaspoon salt; 5 large egg yolks, lightly beaten; 2 cups whole milk; 1/2 cup non-fat evaporated milk; 1 3-inch long vanilla bean, split lengthwise and seeds scraped; 1 cup heavy cream; 2 tablespoons confectioners' sugar, sifted | INSTRUCTIONS: 1.To prepare the crust: Lightly dust a 9-inch-diameter glass pie dish with cocoa powder or confectioners' sugar. Melt the butter and chocolate together in a heavy small saucepan over very low heat. Pulse the cookies and sugar in a food processor until the mixture resembles coarse sand. Pulse in the melted chocolate-butter mixture until evenly moistened. Press the crumb mixture evenly into the bottom and up the sides of the dish. Freeze until firm, about 30 minutes. 2.Peel and halve each banana, slice each in half lengthwise. Arrange the bananas cut-side down in concentric circles, on the crust <END>
INPUT: Asian, curried, unsweetened coconut, water, salt, jasmine basmati rice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Coconut Curried Tofu with Green Jasmine Rice | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup unsweetened shredded coconut*; 1 3/4 cups water; 1 teaspoon salt; 1 cup jasmine or basmati rice; 1 cup (packed) coarsely chopped fresh cilantro; 3/4 cup unsweetened light coconut milk**; 4 teaspoons minced fresh ginger; 1 tablespoon fresh lime juice; 2 large garlic cloves, minced; 2 tablespoons vegetable oil; 16 ounces extra-firm tofu, drained, patted dry, cut into 1/2-inch cubes; 1/2 cup thinly sliced green onions; 2 teaspoons curry powder; 1 teaspoon ground cumin; 1/8 teaspoon dried crushed red pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Stir shredded coconut in small nonstick skillet over medium heat until light golden, about 5 minutes. Transfer to bowl. Bring 1 3/4 cups water and salt to boil in heavy medium saucepan. Stir in rice; bring to boil. Reduce heat to low, cover, and simmer until water is absorbed and rice is tender, about 18 minutes. Meanwhile, puree cilantro, 1/2 cup coconut milk, 1 teaspoon ginger, lime juice, and half of garlic in blender. Mix puree and coconut into rice. Set aside. Heat oil in large nonstick skillet over high heat. Add tofu; stir-fry until golden, about 6 minutes. Add onions, curry, cumin, red <END>
INPUT: tini, martini, Hakusan Sake, vodka, Orange Curacao, orange peels
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sake-Tini (Sake Martini) | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/4 ounce Hakusan Dry Sake (or other domestic sake); 2 ounces vodka; 1/4-ounce Orange Curacao; 3 orange peels | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine all ingredients in ice-filled mixing glass. Stir well and strain into chilled martini glass. Garnish with flamed orange peel.; <END>
INPUT: salad, ruby pink grapefruits, shallots, Dijon mustard, wine vinegar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lobster Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 (1 1/4-pound) lobsters; 2 ruby-red or pink grapefruits; 1 tablespoon finely minced shallots; 1 1/4 teaspoons Dijon mustard; 2 tablespoons white-wine vinegar; 1 tablespoon freshly chopped lemon basil or regular basil, plus leaves for garnish; Coarse salt and freshly ground pepper; 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 2 avocados, peeled and pitted; 4 hearts of palm, cut in 1/2-inch ?thick rounds; 1 large head Boston lettuce (8 ounces), well washed and dried | INSTRUCTIONS: Fill a large bowl with ice and water; set aside. Bring 2 inches of water to a boil in a large stockpot. Steam lobsters for 10 minutes; transfer to ice bath until cool. Break off claws and tails; use bodies to make a stock, or discard. Split tail lengthwise with a sharp knife; remove meat. Slice tail into bite-size pieces. Remove claws from shells, keeping whole if possible. Chill lobster meat. Cut ends off grapefruit; remove peel, pith, and outer membranes. Lift sections away from the membranes, and reserve. Squeeze 1/2 cup juice from the membranes into a bowl for dressing. Place shallots, mus <END>
INPUT: Indian, cook, pepper, Spice Blend, olive oil, Beans Corn
OUTPUT: TITLE: Salmon Quick Cook | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 4 (6-ounce) salmon fillets, skin on; 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground pepper; 1/4 cup Spice Blend, recipe follows; 3 tablespoons olive oil; Black Beans and Corn, for serving (optional), recipe follows; 3 tablespoons whole coriander seeds; 3 tablespoons cumin seeds; 3 tablespoons dill seeds; 3 tablespoons yellow mustard seeds; 6 tablespoons whole fennel seeds; 6 tablespoons sugar; 3 tablespoons salt; 1 1/2 teaspoons fresh ground black pepper; 1 1/2 tablespoons olive oil; 1 large clove garlic, minced | INSTRUCTIONS: Season salmon fillets with pepper. Rub spice marinade into flesh side of fillets. (If you are not grilling right away, refrigerate, wrapped in plastic, for up to 2 days). Heat oven to 400 degrees F. Heat a large grill pan over medium-high heat. Drizzle olive oil over both sides of fillets. Place fillets spice-side down, in hot grill pan. Sear until the spices are brown, about 3 minutes. Carefully turn salmon and transfer grill pan to oven. Bake until fillets are firm to the touch, 5 to 7 minutes. Combine all seeds in a skillet over medium heat. Toast, shaking pan, until aromatic, about 4 minut <END>
INPUT: caramel, toffee, sugar, water, macadamia nuts, pineapple
OUTPUT: TITLE: Broiled Pineapple with Rum Caramel and Macadamia Toffee | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup sugar; 1/4 cup water; 1/2 cup macadamia nuts; 1 4-pound fresh pineapple, peeled, cored, cut lengthwise into 16 long wedges, each wedge halved crosswise; 1/4 cup (packed) brown sugar; 2 tablespoons (packed) brown sugar; 2 tablespoons dark rum; 1 tablespoon butter; 1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract | INSTRUCTIONS: For macadamia toffee: Line baking sheet with foil. Place sugar and 1/4 cup water in heavy small saucepan. Stir over medium heat until sugar dissolves. Increase heat and boil without stirring until syrup is pale golden color, occasionally brushing down pan sides with wet pastry brush and swirling pan, about 6 minutes. Stir in nuts and cook until caramel is deep amber, swirling pan occasionally, 1 to 2 minutes. Pour onto prepared baking sheet. Cool completely. Peel macadamia brittle from foil. Transfer to work surface. Chop coarsely. Line baking sheet with foil. Place sugar and 1/4 cup water in  <END>
INPUT: soup, butter margarine, carrots, potatoes, dill pickles, flour
OUTPUT: TITLE: Dill Pickle Soup | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 5 tablespoons butter or margarine; 5 medium carrots, shredded; 2 large potatoes, cubed (about 2 cups); 3 large dill pickles, shredded; 1 cup flour; 1 cup sour cream; Salt; Pickle juice | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine 5 cups water, the butter, the carrots and potatoes in a saucepan. Bring to a boil and cook until the potatoes are tender. Add the pickles and continue to boil. Meanwhile, whisk together the flour, sour cream and salt in a separate bowl. Add enough water to make a paste, then slowly, to avoid curdling, add the mixture to the soup to thicken. Bring to a boil, then remove from the heat. Add pickle juice, to taste. <END>
INPUT: roast, Sichuan peppercorns, coarse salt, chicken, olive oil, an electric coffee
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sichuan Pepper-Salt Roast Chicken | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon Sichuan peppercorns, toasted; 2 teaspoons coarse salt; 1 whole chicken (about 3 1/2 pound); 1 tablespoon olive oil; an electric coffee/spice grinder; an instant-read thermometer | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 425°F with rack in middle. Finely grind peppercorns with salt in grinder. Pat chicken dry, then rub with olive oil and 2 teaspoons pepper-salt (reserve remainder). Transfer to a rack set over a roasting pan. Pour 1 cup water into bottom of pan and roast chicken until skin is golden and crisp and a thermometer inserted into thickest part of thigh (do not touch bone) registers 170°F, 50 minutes to 1 hour. Transfer chicken to a platter and let rest 10 minutes. Serve chicken with remaining pepper-salt on the side. Preheat oven to 425°F with rack in middle. Finely grind peppercorns  <END>
INPUT: rustic, tartines, hazelnut flour, tapioca starch, chia seeds
OUTPUT: TITLE: Rustic Fig, Serrano Ham & Hazelnut Tartines | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 cup (105 g) superfine brown rice flour, plus more for dusting; 1/4 cup (35 g) millet flour; 3 tablespoons hazelnut flour; 2 tablespoons tapioca starch; 2 teaspoons ground chia seeds; 1 teaspoon chopped fresh parsley; 1 teaspoon fresh thyme leaves; 3/4 teaspoon salt; 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 1 stick (8 tablespoons or 110 g) cold unsalted butter, cut into 1/2-inch cubes; 6 to 8 tablespoons ice water; 2 tablespoons hazelnuts; 4 ounces (110 g) creamy goat cheese; 8 ounces (225 g) Black Mission figs, halved; 6 thin slices (3 ounces or 90 g) Serrano ham | INSTRUCTIONS: Make the crust 1. Combine the first nine ingredients in a food processor. Pulse three times to aerate. Add the cold butter and pulse ten times, until the butter is the size of small peas. Add 6 tablespoons of ice water and pulse. The dough does not need to form a ball. Simply press the dough and see if it comes together. If it seems crumbly, add another tablespoon of ice water. 2. Transfer the dough onto a work surface and knead it a couple of times. Quickly form it into a 6-inch square. Do not handle the dough too much, and don't worry if it isn't a perfect square. Wrap the dough in plastic w <END>
INPUT: beans, Salt, golden raisins, virgin olive oil, jumbo pimento stuffed
OUTPUT: TITLE: Green Beans with Olives, Raisins and Almonds | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 pound green beans, trimmed; Salt; 1/4 cup golden raisins, a generous handful; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 12 jumbo pimento stuffed olives, coarsely chopped; 1/2 cup chopped smoked almonds; Black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Chop beans into 2-inch pieces. Place beans in a skillet and add boiling water to cover. Cook beans in boiling water 3 to 4 minutes, add raisins to pan and cook 2 minutes more to plump up the raisins. Drain beans and raisins. Place skillet back on the stove over medium high heat. Add extra-virgin olive oil to skillet then drained beans and raisins. Add olives to the pan and warm them through. Toss beans, raisins and olives with almonds and turn off heat. Season the beans with salt and pepper, to taste. Transfer beans to a serving dish. <END>
INPUT: wrapped, butter, egg yolks from, lemon juice, pepper, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Asparagus Wrapped in Prosciutto | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 tablespoons butter; 2 egg yolks from pasteurized eggs (these are identified in stores as "pasteurized" and although not cooked, they have been sufficiently heated for foo; 1 1/2 teaspoons fresh lemon juice; 1/8 teaspoon ground white pepper; Dash salt; 16 asparagus spears, tough ends snapped off, and boiled until just tender but still bright green; 16 slices prosciutto, thinly sliced | INSTRUCTIONS: Clarify butter by melting it in a very small pot or metal container over low heat and scooping out the foam that rises. Then, spoon off the clear butterfat to a clean bowl or container, being careful not to disturb the water or milk solids at the bottom. The clear portion is clarified butter. Set this aside briefly in a warm place. Combine the egg yolks, lemon juice, white pepper, and salt in a blender and process at high speed for about 60 seconds. Leaving the blender running, pour the clarified butter through the feed opening of the blender in a slow steady stream and mix until thickened. Po <END>
INPUT: gravy, Roasting pan pan, Unsalted butter, hot turkey stock, all purpose flour
OUTPUT: TITLE: Rich Turkey Gravy | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Roasting pan with pan juices from a roast turkey (about 14 lb); Unsalted butter (less than 1 stick), melted, if turkey drippings yield less than 1/2 cup fat; About 9 cups hot brown turkey stock; 3/4 cup all-purpose flour | INSTRUCTIONS: Pour pan juices through a fine-mesh sieve into a 2-quart glass measure (do not clean roasting pan), then skim off fat and reserve. (If using a fat separator, pour pan juices through sieve into separator and let stand until fat rises to top, 1 to 2 minutes. Carefully pour pan juices from separator into a 2-quart measure, and reserve fat left in separator.) If there is less than 1/2 cup reserved fat, add melted butter. Add enough turkey stock to pan juices to total 8 cups liquid (2 quarts). Straddle roasting pan across 2 burners, then add 1 cup of remaining stock and deglaze pan by boiling over  <END>
INPUT: American, three, Pizza dough, purchased marinara sauce, Fontina cheese, Parmesan cheese, mozzarella cheese
OUTPUT: TITLE: Three-Cheese Pizza with Pancetta and Mushrooms | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: Pizza dough; 1/2 cup purchased marinara sauce; 1 cup coarsely grated Fontina cheese; 1/2 cup finely grated Parmesan cheese; 1/3 cup coarsely grated mozzarella cheese; 2 ounces crimini (baby bella) mushrooms, thinly sliced; 2 ounces thinly sliced pancetta (Italian bacon), coarsely chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 475°F. Line 2 large baking sheets with parchment. Divide dough in half. Roll out 1 half on lightly floured surface to 131/2x81/2-inch rectangle. Transfer to 1 baking sheet. Repeat with second half. Spread 1/4 cup marinara sauce over each pizza, leaving 1/2-inch border. Sprinkle cheeses over, then mushrooms and pancetta. Sprinkle with salt and generous amount of pepper. Bake pizzas until brown on bottom and cheese is melted, about 15 minutes. Cut each pizza crosswise into rectangles. Preheat oven to 475°F. Line 2 large baking sheets with parchment. Divide dough in half. Roll out <END>
INPUT: tart, rice weighting shell, Sercial Madeira, onion, unsalted butter, morel mushrooms
OUTPUT: TITLE: Morel Tart | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Raw rice for weighting the shell; 1/2 cup Sercial Madeira; 1 cup finely chopped onion; 3 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1 pound morel mushrooms, chopped fine; 1/2 pound cultured mushrooms; 1 1/2 teaspoons dried thyme, crumbled; 4 ounces cream cheese; 2 large eggs, beaten lightly; 1/2 cup of milk; 1/2 package enoki-dake mushrooms (available at some markets and specialty produce markets), the bottom 1/2-inch cut off and discarded, for garnish; Fresh lemon juice for brushing the enoki-dake mushrooms; Chives or scallions greens cut into long julienne strips for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Roll the dough into a round 1/8-inch thick on a floured surface and fit it into a 10-inch tart pan with a removable fluted rim. Prick the bottom of the shell lightly and chill the shell for 1 hour. Line the shell with wax paper, fill the paper with the rice, and bake the shell in the lower third of a preheated 400 degrees oven for 15 minutes. Remove the rice and paper carefully and bake the shell for 5 minutes more, or until it is golden. In a large skillet cook the onion in the butter over moderately low heat, stirring, until it is softened, add the morels and fresh cultivated mushrooms, and  <END>
INPUT: American, sugared, biscuits, Wensleydale cheese made, sugar, pizzelles sweet crackers, seedless grapes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sugared Wensleydale Cheese with Biscuits | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 pound Wensleydale cheese made with cranberries; 1/4 cup sugar; 12 pizzelles or sweet crackers (recommended: Nabisco Honey Maid Crackers); 1 cup seedless grapes | INSTRUCTIONS: Slice Wensleydale with a cheese plane. Sprinkle with sugar and arrange on a platter with seedless grapes. Serve with sweet biscuits and with dry white wine, beer or cider. <END>
INPUT: bitty, bites, envelope yeast, water, hot milk, chocolate chips, butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pumpkin Packed Bitty Bites | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 envelope yeast; 1/4 cup warm water (105 to 110 degrees F); 1/2 cup hot milk, 2 percent milkfat; 3/4 cup white chocolate chips (recommended: Nestle brand); 1/4 cup butter, melted; 1/3 cup brown sugar; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 1 tablespoon vanilla extract; 1/2 cup canned solid packed pumpkin (recommended: Libby's); 1 egg; 4 cups flour; 2/3 cup pecans, coarsely chopped; 3 vanilla pudding cups, prepackaged (recommended: Hunts or Kraft); 1 tablespoon solid packed pumpkin (recommended: Libby's); 1/4 teaspoon ground cinnamon | INSTRUCTIONS: In a small bowl, mix the yeast with the water. Let sit for 10 minutes or until dissolved. In a microwave safe measuring cup, add milk and heat for 2 minutes until boiling in microwave. In a large bowl, add the white chocolate chips and milk. Stir until melted. Using a mixer with a bread hook (or you may mix by hand), add the butter, sugar, salt, vanilla, and pumpkin. Stir well. Check the temperature of the liquid, if it is more than 110 degrees F, let set and cool down until it reaches between 105 and 110 degrees F. Stir in the yeast and water mixture. Add in the egg and 3 3/4 cups flour, 1 cu <END>
INPUT: turkeys, homemade marzipan, Paste liquid food, Vegetable shortening, Powdered food color, Almond extract
OUTPUT: TITLE: Marzipan Turkeys | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 pounds homemade or store-bought marzipan, recipe follows; Paste or liquid food color; Vegetable shortening, for hands; Powdered food color; Almond extract; 1 pound almond paste; 1 box confectioners' sugar; 1/4 cup light corn syrup | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: Assorted tools for sculpting, such as pins, scissors, marzipan modeling tool, leaf cutters Small paintbrush Tint marzipan with liquid food color, slowly adding the coloring in small amounts and working it into the dough with your hands. Rub hands with a small amount of vegetable shortening to prevent marzipan from drying out. Use a 2-ounce ball of marzipan, a little larger than a golf ball, to make each turkey. Pinch the back of the ball to form a fan of tail feathers. Shape the front into the neck, head, and wattle. Sculpt breast and wings with marzipan sculpting tool. Snip <END>
INPUT: biscuits, sweet potato, wheat biscuit mix, unsalted butter, lowfat buttermilk, allspice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sweet Potato Biscuits | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 medium sweet potato (about 5 ounces); 1 1/4 cups whole-wheat biscuit mix; 2 tablespoons chilled unsalted butter, cubed; 1/2 cup lowfat buttermilk; 1/4 teaspoon ground allspice | INSTRUCTIONS: Wrap sweet potato in a paper towel. Microwave on high until soft, 4 minutes. Scoop flesh into a bowl and mash; set aside. Heat oven to 400°F. Place biscuit mix and butter in a bowl; rub butter into mix with fingertips until large pea-sized crumbs form. Add sweet potato, buttermilk and allspice; mix until just combined. Transfer dough onto a cookie sheet and form into a 12" x 4" rectangle. Cut into 8 rectangles with a serrated knife and separate slightly. Bake until biscuits are firm to the touch, 8 to 10 minutes. Transfer to a wire rack to cool. Once cool, store in an airtight container for up <END>
INPUT: American, cheeseburgers, Hellmann's® Best Foods®, chilies, garlic, pickled jalapeno peppers, cilantro
OUTPUT: TITLE: Green Chili Cheeseburgers | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup Hellmann's® or Best Foods® Real Mayonnaise; 1/4 cup chopped green chilies, undrained; 2 cloves garlic, chopped; 2 Tbsp. pickled jalapeno peppers, finely chopped; 2 Tbsp. chopped fresh cilantro; 1-1/2 lbs. ground beef; 2 Tbsp. canola oil; 4 slices Monterey Jack cheese (about 4 oz.); 4 sesame seed hamburger buns | INSTRUCTIONS: Process Hellmann's® or Best Foods® Real Mayonnaise, green chilies and garlic in food processor until smooth. Remove to medium bowl, then stir in jalapeno peppers and cilantro. Season, if desired, with salt and black pepper. Cover and refrigerate at least 30 minutes. Meanwhile, shape ground beef into 4 burgers. Brush each burger on both sides with oil, then season, if desired, with salt and black pepper. Grill, turning once, 8 minutes or until desired doneness. Top burgers with cheese and cook until cheese is melted. Arrange burgers on buns, then top with a dollop of green chili mayonnaise. Ser <END>
INPUT: margarita, Oaxacan mezcal, Limonada, triple sec, drops, ice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mezcal Margarita #2 | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cups Oaxacan mezcal; 2 cups Limonada; 1/2 cup triple sec; 50 to 60 drops (1 1/2 to 2 teaspoons) orange bitters (store-bought or homemade); 6 cups ice; About 2 heaping teaspoons finely chopped orange zest (colored peel only; see Cook's Note) | INSTRUCTIONS: In a pitcher, combine the mezcal, Limonada, triple sec and bitters. Stir well to combine, then cover and refrigerate until chilled, about 2 hours. Fill a cocktail shaker half full with ice and pour in 1 cup of the margarita mixture. Shake and strain into two 6-ounce martini glasses. Add 1/4 teaspoon orange zest to each glass and serve immediately. Repeat for the remaining margaritas. In a pitcher, combine the mezcal, Limonada, triple sec and bitters. Stir well to combine, then cover and refrigerate until chilled, about 2 hours. Fill a cocktail shaker half full with ice and pour in 1 cup of the <END>
INPUT: hearts, milk chocolate, heavy cream, corn syrup, passion fruit juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Hearts of Passion | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 pounds milk chocolate, tempered; 1/4 cup heavy cream; 1 tablespoon corn syrup; 1 cup fresh passion fruit juice; 18 ounces milk chocolate, chopped; 5 tablespoons passion fruit liqueur (reccomended: Alize); 2 tablespoons butter | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: Heart-shaped molds Using a ladle, fill the mold with milk chocolate. When it is full, empty the excess chocolate back into the bowl. The inside of the molds should be evenly coated. Wipe the lip of the mold clean and place it upside down on a wire rack over a baking sheet. Once the chocolate starts to harden, about 5 minutes, use a wide pastry scraper to clean the edges of each cavity clean. (When the chocolate sets, it shrinks or retracts from the sides of the mold. A clean edge will keep it from sticking and cracking as it shrinks). You can place the mold in the refrigerat <END>
INPUT: milk, Zest mandarin oranges, bittersweet chocolate, cocoa powder, egg yolks
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate Mandarin Ice Cream | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 cups milk; Zest of 3 mandarin oranges or tangerines, julienned; 5 ounces bittersweet chocolate, chopped fine; 1 ounce cocoa powder; 6 egg yolks; 8 ounces sugar; 1 cup cream; 1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine milk and orange or tangerine zest in a medium heavy pot. Heat to just below a simmer and turn off heat. Let infuse for 30 minutes. Bring back to just below the simmer, then mix in cocoa powder and chocolate, combining well. In a medium bowl, beat together yolks and sugar until well combined. Pour one cup of the hot milk mixture over egg mixture, whisking constantly. Pour egg mixture into saucepan. Heat mixture very slowly, stirring constantly with wooden spoon in figure eight pattern. Cook gently over very low heat for about 10 minutes, until custard has become quite thick. Add cold cr <END>
INPUT: Italian, risotto, chicken stock, vegetable oil, onion, arborio rice, wine
OUTPUT: TITLE: Saffron Risotto | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 28 ounces chicken stock; 1 tablespoon vegetable oil; 1/2 onion, finely chopped; 1 cup arborio rice; 1 cup white wine; Large pinch of saffron; 1 tablespoon butter; 1/4 cup grated Parmigiano-Reggiano, plus shavings for garnish (optional) | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring stock to a low simmer in a medium pot. Heat oil in a medium saucepan over medium heat for 1 minute. Cook onion until translucent, about 3 minutes. Add rice and a pinch of salt. Sauté until rice is translucent, 1 to 2 minutes. Add wine and saffron; bring to a simmer, stirring, until rice has absorbed most of wine. Add 2 ladles of stock to rice; simmer, stirring, until rice has absorbed most of stock. Continue adding stock, allowing rice to absorb it before adding the next ladleful. Cook until rice is al dente and mixture is a little loose. Stir in butter. Turn off heat. Stir in grated che <END>
INPUT: virgin olive oil, lightly crumbled saffron, coriander seeds, garlic, shallot
OUTPUT: TITLE: Saffron Roasted Cauliflower | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 1/2 teaspoon lightly crumbled saffron threads; 1/4 teaspoon coriander seeds, crushed; 2 cloves garlic, smashed; 1 shallot, chopped; Kosher salt; 1 head cauliflower, cut into florets; Juice of 1/2 lemon; Chopped fresh parsley, for topping | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F. Heat the olive oil in a large ovenproof skillet over medium heat. Add the saffron, coriander, garlic, shallot and 1 teaspoon salt and cook, stirring, until the shallot is translucent and the oil turns yellow, about 5 minutes. Add the cauliflower, lemon juice and 1/3 cup water. Increase the heat to medium high and cook, stirring occasionally, until the cauliflower turns yellow and the water has mostly evaporated, about 5 minutes. Transfer the skillet to the oven. Roast, stirring halfway through, until the cauliflower is tender and golden, about 15 minutes. Sea <END>
INPUT: American, zucchini, Salt, olive oil, eggs, milk
OUTPUT: TITLE: Feta Phyllo and Zucchini Pie | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 3 pounds small zucchini, trimmed, washed and grated coarsely; Salt; 1/4 cup olive oil; 5 large eggs, lightly beaten; 1/2 cup milk; 3/4 pound feta cheese, crumbled into pea-sized pieces; 1/4 cup each chopped Italian parsley and fresh dill; 1/4 cup toasted bread crumbs; Freshly ground black pepper; Melted butter (1/4 pound) for brushing leaves of phyllo; 3/4 pound phyllo leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: Set zucchini in a colander, sprinkle with salt and drain for 1 hour. Squeeze out excess moisture from zucchini then cook it for a few minutes in olive oil. Season to taste from salt and pepper and set aside to cool slightly. In a mixing bowl combine the eggs with the milk, feta cheese, parsley, dill, and bread crumbs. Add the cooked zucchini and adjust the seasoning, using lots of pepper. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees. Butter a 9 by 13-inch deep baking pan. Layer a sheet of phyllo so that it overlaps baking pan and extends beyond the rim. Brush the sheet very lightly with melted butter and c <END>
INPUT: pancakes, all purpose flour, wheat flour, cream tartar, baking soda, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Buttermilk Pancakes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cups all-purpose flour; 1/2 cup whole-wheat flour; 1 teaspoon cream of tartar; 1 teaspoon baking soda; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 2 large eggs; 1 3/4 cups buttermilk; 1 1/2 teaspoons sugar; 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, plus more for topping; Vegetable oil, for the skillet; Maple syrup, for topping | INSTRUCTIONS: Whisk the all-purpose flour, whole-wheat flour, cream of tartar, baking soda and salt in a medium bowl. Whisk the eggs, buttermilk and sugar in a large bowl until foamy, then stir in the melted butter. Add the flour mixture and stir until just combined. (The batter will be thick; it's OK if there are a few lumps.) Heat a large skillet over medium-low heat until hot. Lightly brush with vegetable oil. Drop a heaping 1/4 cupful of batter into the skillet for each pancake and spread into a 4-to-5-inch round with the back of a spoon. Cook until the bubbles on top burst and the edges begin browning, <END>
INPUT: butter, shallot, garlic, tomato paste, low sodium chicken
OUTPUT: TITLE: Baked Tomato Grits | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons butter, plus more for coating skillet; 1 small shallot, chopped; 2 cloves garlic, chopped; 1 tablespoon tomato paste; 2 cups low-sodium chicken broth; 1/2 cup heavy whipping cream; 3/4 cup quick cooking grits; 1 (8-ounce) jar oil-packed sun-dried tomatoes, drained well and roughly chopped; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 (4-ounce) log goat cheese, crumbled | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Butter an 8-inch cast iron skillet. Add the 2 tablespoons of butter to a medium-sized saucepan over medium heat. Once the butter foams, add the shallots and garlic and saute until tender, about 3 to 4 minutes. Stir in the tomato paste, then add the chicken broth, and whipping cream and bring to a simmer. Once simmering, slowly and gradually whisk in the grits. Keep stirring until the grits become thick, about 8 to 10 minutes. Add the chopped sun-dried tomatoes and stir until thoroughly mixed. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Add the grits to the prepare <END>
INPUT: French
OUTPUT: TITLE: French Pork Chops | CUISINE: French | INGREDIENTS: 1 (14-ounce) bag frozen sliced carrots; 1 (8-ounce) package sliced fresh button mushrooms; 1 (15-ounce) can whole peeled tomatoes (recommended: Muir Glen); 1 (15-ounce) can cannellini beans, drained (recommended: Progresso); 4 boneless, thick-cut, pork loin chops, rinsed and patted dry; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 tablespoon plus 1 teaspoon herbs de Provence, divided; 1 (10 3/4-ounce) can condensed cream of potato soup (recommended: Campbell's); 1/4 cup Dijon mustard; 1 tablespoon tomato paste; 3 tablespoons dry sherry (recommended: Christian Stockers); 2 teaspoons butter; 3 tablespoons seasoned bread crumbs; 1 tablespoon freshly chopped parsley leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine carrots, mushrooms, tomatoes, and beans in the bottom of a 5-quart slow cooker. Season pork chops with salt, pepper, and 1 tablespoon of herbs de Provence. Place in slow cooker on top of vegetables. In a small bowl, combine potato soup, Dijon mustard, tomato paste, sherry, and 1 teaspoon of herbs de Provence. Pour over pork chops. Cover and cook on low setting for 4 to 6 hours. In a saute pan over medium-high heat, melt butter. When butter is melted and foam subsides, add bread crumbs and stir constantly until toasted. Serve pork chops and vegetables sprinkled with bread crumbs and par <END>
INPUT: Asian, mayonnaise, silken tofu, coriander, Sea salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Coriander Tofu Mayonnaise | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 300g silken tofu; 1/4 cup (60ml) lime juice; 1/3 cup coriander (cilantro) leaves; Sea salt and cracked black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Place the tofu, lime, coriander, salt and pepper in a blender or food processor and process until smooth. Serve as you would mayonnaise. Refrigerate for up to 10 days, or for the shelf life of the tofu you are using. Place the tofu, lime, coriander, salt and pepper in a blender or food processor and process until smooth. Serve as you would mayonnaise. Refrigerate for up to 10 days, or for the shelf life of the tofu you are using. <END>
INPUT: gratin, milk, whipping cream, garlic, thyme, bay leaves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Potato and Mushroom Gratin | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups milk; 1 cup whipping cream; 2 garlic cloves; 6 sprigs fresh thyme, divided; 2 bay leaves, divided; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 3 pounds sliced mushrooms; 1 leek, cut in rings; Salt and pepper, to taste; 3 pounds baking potatoes, sliced paper-thin; 3 tablespoons chopped Italian parsley, plus extra for garnish; 3 tablespoons chopped chives; 1 cup grated Asiago | INSTRUCTIONS: In a saucepan, combine milk, cream, garlic, 3 thyme sprigs and 1 bay leaf over low-medium heat. Heat to just under a boil. Remove from heat, cover, and let steep while preparing the rest of the dish. Coat a skillet with olive oil and place over medium heat. Add remaining thyme and bay leaf. Saute the mushrooms and leeks for 5 minutes to evaporate the liquid. Season with salt and pepper. Butter a large casserole dish. Arrange 1/3 of the sliced potatoes on the bottom of the pan, overlapping them slightly. Season the potatoes with chopped parsley, chives, salt and pepper. Top potatoes with half o <END>
INPUT: virgin olive oil, sage, thyme, Spanish onion, Kosher salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Apple Pecan Stuffing | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, plus extra for finishing; 1/2 bunch fresh sage; 1/2 bunch fresh thyme; 1 large Spanish onion, thinly sliced; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 3 Granny Smith apples, peeled and diced; 1 1/2 cups raw pecans; 2 eggs; 3/4 cup heavy cream; 1 1/2 cups low-sodium chicken stock; 5 cups sourdough bread (crusts removed), hand-torn into 1-inch pieces; 1/4 bunch fresh flat-leaf parsley, roughly chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: Set a large saute pan over medium heat and add olive oil, sage and thyme sprigs. As the oil heats up the herbs will crackle and fry, infusing the oil. Remove the sage and thyme and set aside on a paper towel to drain - these can be as a garnish, if desired. Add onions to the pan and cook over medium heat for 15 minutes until caramelized. Season with salt and pepper. Remove onions from pan and add apples. Crush the pecans and add to the pan. Add more oil, if needed and season with salt and pepper. Gently saute until pecans are lightly toasted and apples are just cooked slightly - about 3 to 5 m <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, skillet, wheat pitas, virgin olive oil, shrimp, shallots, cubed
OUTPUT: TITLE: Shrimp and Watermelon Skillet | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 2 whole-wheat pitas (8 inches each), both cut into 8 triangles; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 12 ounces medium shrimp, shelled and deveined; 1/2 cup sliced shallots; 4 cups cubed (1 inch) seedless watermelon; 1/4 teaspoon salt (preferably kosher); 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 1 large cucumber, peeled and chopped; 2 ounces crumbled feta; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh dill; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh mint; 2 limes, cut into wedges | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat oven to 450°F. On a baking sheet, toast pita triangles, turning once, until crisp and brown, 3 to 5 minutes each side. In a large skillet, heat oil over high heat. Cook shrimp and shallots, stirring, until shrimp is pink and shallots are crisp, 2 to 4 minutes; transfer to a bowl. In same skillet, cook watermelon and 1/4 cup water over high heat, stirring, until liquid becomes syrupy, about 3 minutes. Remove skillet from heat; add shrimp mixture, salt and pepper; stir. Divide shrimp-watermelon mixture (warm or chilled) among 4 plates; add cucumber and feta. Sprinkle with dill and mint. Ser <END>
INPUT: skins, russet, garlic, salt, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Garlic Roasted Potato Skins | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 pounds russet (baking) potatoes (6 to 8 medium; preferably organic); 1 small head garlic (2 inches in diameter); 3/4 stick (6 tablespoons) unsalted butter, softened; 1 teaspoon salt; 1/4 teaspoon black pepper; Serving Suggestion: Onion and spinach dip, recipe follows; 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1 large onion, chopped (1 3/4 cups); 1/2 pound shallots, chopped; 1/2 pound baby spinach, coarsely chopped; 3 ounces cream cheese, softened; 1 (16-ounce) container sour cream; 1/2 teaspoon salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Prick each potato once or twice with a fork. Cut off and discard top fourth of garlic head; then wrap garlic tightly in foil. Bake garlic and potatoes on same rack in lower third of oven until potatoes are tender, 50 minutes to 1 hour. Remove potatoes from oven and cool on a metal rack 15 minutes. Continue to bake garlic until tender, about 15 minutes more, then cool in foil on rack. While garlic cools, halve potatoes lengthwise, then quarter each half (to form short wedges). Scoop out potato flesh (reserving it for another use), leaving 1/4-inch-thick potato ski <END>
INPUT: Mexican, garlic, salt, lime juice, olive oil, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Chile-Lime Arctic Char | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 7 medium garlic cloves; 2 tablespoons salt; 1/4 cup fresh lime juice; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1 3/4 teaspoons sugar; 1 1/4 teaspoons ground chipotle chile; 2 (1-lb) arctic char fillets with skin (about 1 1/4 inches thick); Special equipment: tweezers or needlenose pliers; Accompaniment: lime wedges | INSTRUCTIONS: Mince garlic and mash to a paste with salt using a large heavy knife. Stir together garlic paste, lime juice, oil, sugar, and chipotle chile in a small bowl until sugar is dissolved. Remove any bones from fish with tweezers, then pat fish dry and place, skin side down, on a plastic-wrap-lined large tray. Rub chile mixture all over flesh side of fish, then wrap plastic around fish and marinate at cool room temperature 15 minutes. While fish is marinating, prepare grill for cooking over indirect heat with medium-hot charcoal (moderately high heat for gas); see Grilling Procedure To cook fish usi <END>
INPUT: chicken breast halves, cumin, olive oil, garlic, mixed fruits
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pan-Braised Chicken with Dried Fruits and Olives | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 skinless boneless chicken breast halves; 1 teaspoon ground cumin; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 2 garlic cloves, finely chopped; 3/4 cup mixed dried fruits (about 3 ounces), large pieces halved; 1/2 cup dry white wine; 1/2 cup canned low-salt chicken broth; 8 brine-cured cracked green olives (about 2 ounces) | INSTRUCTIONS: Sprinkle chicken on all sides with cumin, salt and pepper. Heat oil in heavy medium skillet over medium heat. Add chicken and sauté until brown, about 2 minutes per side. Push chicken to side of skillet. Add garlic to skillet and stir 30 seconds. Add dried fruits, wine, broth and olives and bring to boil. Simmer chicken uncovered until just cooked through, turning chicken occasionally with tongs, about 10 minutes. Transfer chicken to plates. Increase heat and boil until sauce is slightly thickened, about 4 minutes. Spoon sauce over chicken. Sprinkle chicken on all sides with cumin, salt and pe <END>
INPUT: pudding, sifted flour, bread crumbs, cinnamon, nutmeg, each allspice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Plum Plum Pudding | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 cup sifted flour; 1 1/4 cups fresh bread crumbs; 1 tablespoon cinnamon; 1 teaspoon nutmeg; 1/4 teaspoon each allspice and clove; 2 1/2 tablespoons sugar, plus extra for dusting ramekins; 10 tablespoons beef suet; 1 McIntosh apple; 1/4 cup each diced dried apricots, dates, figs; 1/4 cup dried raisins; 6 ounces plum preserve; 2 tablespoons orange marmalade; 6 tablespoons plum brandy (such as Slivovitz); 3 eggs | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large bowl combine flour, bread crumbs, spices and sugar. Add suet, kneading with your fingers until crumbly. Blend in fruits, plum preserve and marmalade. Add brandy and blend well. Let sit at least 8 hours, preferably overnight. Lightly butter 16 1/3-cup capacity ramekins and dust lightly with sugar. Separate eggs and beat each part until frothy. Blend in yolks, then gently fold in whites. Fill ramekins with mixture almost to top. Wrap each ramekin tightly with aluminum foil. Fill a large vessel with a tightly-fitting cover (such as a dutch oven) with enough boiling water to reach halfw <END>
INPUT: pudding, brioche bread cinnamon, butter, golden raisins, chocolate chips, raspberries
OUTPUT: TITLE: "The Proof is in the Pudding" Bread Pudding with Vanilla Ice Cream | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 8 slices brioche bread or cinnamon bread; 4 tablespoons butter, melted; 1/2 cup golden raisins; 1/4 cup white chocolate chips; 1/2 cup raspberries; 4 eggs, beaten; 1 cup whole milk; 1 cup condensed milk; 1/2 cup sugar; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; 4 teaspoons 151 "proof" rum; Vanilla ice cream | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Slice bread into small cubes, add to a medium bowl and toss with the melted butter. Add the raisins, chocolate chips and raspberries and stir to distribute. In a medium bowl combine the eggs, whole milk, condensed milk, sugar and vanilla together until well mixed. Pour over the bread mixture and press down gently to help the bread absorb the egg mixture. Transfer the bread mixture into a large oven proof dish and bake in the preheated oven for about 45 minutes or until the top springs back when touched. Remove from the oven and lightly sprinkle with the rum.  <END>
INPUT: garlic, anchovy fillets, capers, lemon juice, Cognac
OUTPUT: TITLE: Salmon with Caper-Anchovy Butter | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 garlic cloves; 3 anchovy fillets; 2 tablespoons drained capers; 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice; 1 tablespoon Cognac; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh parsley; 1/2 teaspoon ground black pepper; 1/2 cup (1 stick) butter, room temperature; 6 6-ounce salmon fillets | INSTRUCTIONS: Blend first 7 ingredients in food processor. Add butter and process until well blended. Season to taste with salt. Lay sheet of plastic wrap on work surface. Transfer butter mixture to plastic wrap and roll to form 9-inch-long log. Freeze until firm, about 1 hour. (Caper-anchovy butter can be prepared 1 week ahead. Keep frozen. Let butter soften slightly before using.) Position oven rack about 6 inches below broiler; preheat broiler. Place salmon fillets on broiler pan and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Broil salmon until just cooked through, about 8 minutes. Transfer to plates. Cut caper-anch <END>
INPUT: Mexican, oil, Mexican style chorizo, bell pepper, jalapeno
OUTPUT: TITLE: Poblano Stuffed with Chorizo, Shrimp and Rice | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon oil; 1/2 pound Mexican-style chorizo; 1/2 red bell pepper, diced; 1/2 green bell pepper, diced; 1 jalapeno, minced; 1 red onion, diced; 2 tablespoons garlic, minced; 1 cup short-grain rice; 1 cup low-sodium chicken stock; 1/2 cup white wine; 1/2 cup water; 4 large, fresh poblano chiles; 1 pound shrimp, shelled, cut into 1/2-inch pieces; 3/4 cup Cheddar, shredded; 3/4 cup Jack cheese, shredded | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. In a medium saucepan, heat oil and chorizo, cook for 3 minutes. Add peppers, jalapeno, onions and garlic. Cook until translucent, then add rice and cook until all the grains of the rice are coated with oil. Add all liquids and stir over high heat for 3 minutes, cover and reduce heat to low. Check rice for doneness after 20 minutes. Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. Place poblano chiles on baking sheet and bake for 15 minutes. Remove from oven and let cool. Once cool, cut top 1/4 of chile off and remove ribs and seeds. When rice is finished cooking, fluff with fork a <END>
INPUT: french, toast, eggs, orange juice, milk, Grand Marnier other, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Orange Whole-Wheat French Toast | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 large eggs; 1/2 cup fresh orange juice; 1/3 cup milk; 1/4 cup Grand Marnier or other orange-flavored liqueur; 1 1/2 tablespoons packed brown sugar; 1/4 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg; 8 slices homemade-type whole-wheat bread; 3 tablespoons unsalted butter for frying; confectioners' sugar for dusting; warm maple syrup | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 250° F. In a large shallow baking dish whisk together eggs, orange juice, milk, liqueur, brown sugar, and nutmeg. Add 4 bread slices and soak 2 minutes. Turn slices over and soak 2 minutes more. Transfer soaked bread slices to a tray and repeat procedure with remaining 4 bread slices. In a large heavy skillet heat 1 1/2 tablespoons butter over moderate heat until foam subsides and cook half of coated bread slices until golden, about 3 minutes on each side. Transfer French toast as cooked to a baking sheet and keep warm in oven. Cook remaining bread slices in same manner. Prehea <END>
INPUT: dates, Cheddar cheese snack, almonds, bacon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Hot Dates | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 16 dates, pitted; 3 Cheddar cheese snack sticks, cut in 1/2-inch cubes; 16 whole almonds; 8 slices bacon, cut in 1/2 | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat oven to 450 degrees F. Soak 1/6 toothpicks in water for about 15 minutes. Slice open dates, and stuff each with a cube of Cheddar cheese and 1 almond. Wrap each date with a bacon slice, and secure with a toothpick. Place wrapped dates on a baking sheet, and bake for 12 to 15 minutes in the oven, turning once, until bacon is evenly browned. <END>
INPUT: apple cider, unsalted butter, coarse kosher salt, onions, thyme
OUTPUT: TITLE: Thyme-Roasted Apples and Onions | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 cups apple cider; 5 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1 teaspoon coarse kosher salt plus additional for sprinkling; 6 7-to 8-ounce onions, halved through root end, each half cut into 6 wedges; 6 teaspoons coarsely chopped fresh thyme, divided; 6 Braeburn apples (about 2 3/4 pounds total), peeled, halved, cored, each half cut into 4 wedges | INSTRUCTIONS: Boil cider in large saucepan until reduced to 2/3 cup, about 28 minutes. Whisk in butter. Season glaze with 1 teaspoon coarse salt. DO AHEAD: Can be made 1 week ahead. Cover; chill. Rewarm; whisk before using. Position 1 rack in top third and 1 rack in bottom third of oven; preheat to 425°F. Butter 2 large rimmed baking sheets. Toss onions in large bowl with 2 teaspoons thyme and 3 tablespoons glaze. Arrange in single layer on 1 sheet. Toss apples in same bowl with 2 teaspoons thyme and 3 tablespoons glaze. Arrange in single layer on second sheet. Sprinkle onions and apples with coarse salt an <END>
INPUT: bruleed, banana, dark sugar, scoop vanilla ice, scoop chocolate ice, scoop strawberry ice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Bruleed Banana Split | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 banana, peeled and split lengthwise; 1 1/2 teaspoons packed dark brown sugar; 1 scoop vanilla ice cream; 1 scoop chocolate ice cream; 1 scoop strawberry ice cream; Chocolate sauce, for topping; Caramel sauce, for topping; Whipped cream, for topping; Sprinkles, for topping; Maraschino cherries, for topping; Mint, garnish for topping | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat broiler. Line a rimmed baking sheet with foil. Lay the banana halves, cut side down, on the baking sheet. Sprinkle each half with 1 1/2 teaspoons of the brown sugar. Torch until sugar begins to bubble, or put under the broiler 4 to 5 inches from the heat about 2 minutes or until the sugar melts and starts to bubble. Watch closely to make sure they don't burn. Place the scoops of ice cream in a bowl or a long banana-split bowl and place the banana halves on either side. Top with chocolate and caramel sauces to taste, then the whipped cream, sprinkles and as many cherries as you can hand <END>
INPUT: American, bruschetta, loaf country bread, virgin olive oil, garlic, prosciutto
OUTPUT: TITLE: Prosciutto and Goat Cheese Bruschetta with Black Lentils | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 loaf country bread, cut into 1-inch slices and the slices halved; Extra-virgin olive oil; 2 cloves garlic, peeled; 2 (4-ounce) medallions goat cheese; 4 ounces prosciutto, thinly sliced; 2 cups black lentils (you can substitute with other varieties if you can't find black lentils); 2 cloves garlic; 3 sprigs thyme, divided; Kosher salt; 3 tablespoons balsamic vinegar; 1 tablespoon honey; 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil, plus more for drizzling; 1 garlic clove, minced; 1 medium red onion; 1 (1-pound) bag baby spinach | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F. On a sheet tray lay out the slices of bread and drizzle with extra-virgin olive oil. Turn each piece over and drizzle again so both sides have some oil on them. Toast in the hot oven for 1 to 2 minutes until slightly crispy but without color. While it is still hot, gently rub each slice on one side with a garlic clove then set aside. Layer each slice of toast with 2 to 3 slices of goat cheese, a twisted piece of prosciutto and drizzle with extra-virgin olive oil. Put tray of bruschetta back into the oven and heat until cheese is melted, prosciutto is crispy and b <END>
INPUT: wrapped, balsamic vinegar, coarse kosher salt, pepper, Fuyu persimmons, paper bresaola
OUTPUT: TITLE: Bresaola-Wrapped Persimmons with Arugula | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon balsamic vinegar (preferably aged); 1/2 teaspoon coarse kosher salt; 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 2 ripe Fuyu persimmons, peeled, each cut into 12 wedges, or 2 medium mangoes, peeled, pitted, each cut lengthwise into 12 spears; 48 paper-thin slices bresaola (8 ounces); 3 cups baby arugula leaves (2 ounces) | INSTRUCTIONS: Toss first 4 ingredients in medium bowl. Place 2 bresaola slices side by side lengthwise and slightly overlapping on work surface. Place 1 persimmon wedge and 4 arugula leaves across 1 short end of bresaola, allowing fruit and arugula to extend past short sides of bresaola. Roll up, with fruit and arugula visible at ends. Repeat with remaining bresaola, fruit, and arugula. DO AHEAD: Can be made 4 hours ahead. Cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate. Toss first 4 ingredients in medium bowl. Place 2 bresaola slices side by side lengthwise and slightly overlapping on work surface. Place 1 persimm <END>
INPUT: Mexican, smokin, stew, olive vegetable oil, pork shoulder, onions, chipotle peppers adobo
OUTPUT: TITLE: Smokin' Chipotle Pork Stew | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons olive or vegetable oil; 1 1/2 pounds boneless pork shoulder, cut into one-inch cubes; 2 medium onions, diced; 1 (12-ounce) bottle or can beer; 5 to 7 chipotle peppers in adobo sauce plus 3 tablespoons adobo sauce; 2 teaspoons ground cumin, or to taste; Salt and freshly ground pepper, to taste | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. Heat a large Dutch oven over medium-high heat until very hot, about two minutes. Add the oil. Add the pork and cook, in batches if necessary, until browned on all sides. Transfer the pork to a bowl and set aside. 2. Reduce the heat to low. Add the onions, stirring to scrape up the browned bits from the bottom of the pot. Cover with a tight-fitting lid and cook, stirring occasionally, until the onions are golden and slightly browned around the edges, about 10 minutes. Add the reserved pork, beer, chipotles, adobo sauce, cumin, salt, and pepper; stir until combined. Simmer, covered, stirring  <END>
INPUT: Italian, pesto, wrap, salt more taste, plain couscous, garlic, basil leaves, olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pesto Chicken Wrap with Sun-Dried Tomatoes | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 teaspoon salt or more to taste; 1 cup plain couscous; 1 garlic clove, peeled; 2 cups fresh basil leaves; 3 tablespoons olive oil; 1/8 teaspoon freshly ground pepper; 1/2 cup grated Parmesan cheese; 1/3 cup coarsely chopped walnuts; 4 large burrito-size flour tortillas; 12 ounces shredded cooked chicken (3 to 4 cups); 16 sun-dried tomato halves packed in oil, drained and coarsely chopped; 1 yellow bell pepper, cored, seeded, and diced | INSTRUCTIONS: Pour 1 1/2 cups boiling water mixed with 1/8 teaspoon of the salt over the couscous in a small bowl. Cover well and set aside. To make the pesto: Combine the garlic, basil, olive oil, remaining 1/8 teaspoon salt, and pepper in a blender. Blend well until smooth. Stir in the cheese. Toast the walnuts in a small heavy dry skillet over medium heat, stirring constantly, until aromatic, watching closely to prevent burning, about 3 to 5 minutes. Set aside. To assemble: Heat the tortillas, one at a time, directly on a gas flame, on a grill, or in a hot skillet, turning frequently, until hot and pliab <END>
INPUT: chicken legs, virgin olive oil, cinnamon, ginger, cayenne pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Chicken with Bulgur | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 chicken legs (drumsticks and thighs attached; about 2 1/2 pounds); 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1/4 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1/4 teaspoon ground ginger; 1/4 teaspoon cayenne pepper; Kosher salt; 2 cups green or red grapes (in clusters); 1 tablespoon unsalted butter; 1/2 teaspoon grated lemon zest; 1 cup bulgur; 2 scallions, sliced; 1/4 cup chopped fresh parsley | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat a grill to medium high. Coat the chicken legs with 1 tablespoon olive oil, then sprinkle all over with the cinnamon, ginger, cayenne and 3/4 teaspoon salt. Transfer to the grill, skin-side up; cover and cook 12 minutes. Flip the chicken, cover and continue cooking until the skin is golden brown and a thermometer inserted into the thickest part registers 160 degrees F, 10 to 15 more minutes. Grill the grapes, covered but turning occasionally, until slightly charred, about 6 minutes. Meanwhile, combine 1 1/2 cups water, the butter, lemon zest and a pinch of salt in a medium saucepan; bri <END>
INPUT: chilled, souffles, Vegetable oil, water, unflavored gelatin, eggs, cornstarch
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chilled Lemon Souffles with Caramel Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Vegetable oil; 1/4 cup water; 1 teaspoon unflavored gelatin; 3 large eggs, separated; 2 tablespoons cornstarch; 1 cup plus 2 tablespoons whole milk; 6 tablespoons sugar, divided; 6 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 1 1/2 teaspoons finely grated lemon peel; Caramel Sauce | INSTRUCTIONS: Lightly oil six 3/4-cup soufflé dishes or custard cups; set aside. Pour 1/4 cup water into small bowl. Sprinkle gelatin over; let stand until gelatin softens, about 15 minutes. Meanwhile, whisk egg yolks and cornstarch in medium bowl until smooth. Combine milk and 3 tablespoons sugar in heavy medium saucepan; stir over medium heat until sugar dissolves and mixture comes to simmer. Gradually whisk 1/3 of hot milk mixture into yolk mixture. Pour mixture back into remaining milk mixture in saucepan. Whisk constantly over medium-high heat until mixture boils and thickens, about 2 minutes. Reduce h <END>
INPUT: Indian, salad, dukkah, pecans, sesame seeds, coriander seeds, cumin seeds, fennel seeds
OUTPUT: TITLE: Green Bean Salad with Fennel and Toasted Pecan Dukkah | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 cup pecans (3 ounces); 3 tablespoons sesame seeds; 1 tablespoon coriander seeds; 1 teaspoon cumin seeds; 1/2 teaspoon fennel seeds; Kosher salt, freshly ground black pepper; 2 1/2 pounds green beans, trimmed; 1 medium fennel bulb with fronds; Finely grated zest from 1 lemon; 1/3 cup extra-virgin olive oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 325ºF. Spread pecans on a rimmed baking sheet. Toast, tossing once, until fragrant and lightly golden, 8–10 minutes. Let cool completely. Meanwhile, toast sesame seeds in a medium skillet over medium-low heat, stirring frequently, until fragrant and lightly golden, about 5 minutes. Add coriander, cumin, and fennel seeds and toast, stirring frequently, until sesame seeds are golden and spices are fragrant, about 2 minutes more. Transfer to a plate and let cool completely. Coarsely chop 1/4 cup pecans; set aside. Pulse sesame seed mixture, 1/2 tsp. salt, 1/2 tsp. pepper, and 1/2  <END>
INPUT: salad, calamari, shrimp, celery, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Calamari, Scungili and Shrimp Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 pounds calamari (squid), cleaned, tentacles and flaps removed, bodysacs cut crosswise into 1/4-inch-wide rings; 1 pound shrimp, shelled and deveined; 3 cans (6 1/2 ounces each) scungili (conch), drained, rinsed, and patted dry; 1 1/2 cups minced celery; 4 large cloves garlic, minced fine, or to taste; 1 cup pitted and halved black olives; 1 cup green olives with pimento, halved; Salt and pepper; 1/3 to 1/2 cup fresh lemon juice; 1/2 cup olive oil; 1/3 cup minced fresh parsley leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: In a saucepan of boiling salted water, cook the calamari and shrimp for 3 minutes, or just until opaque and tender. Drain and pat dry. In a large bowl, combine the calamari, shrimp, scungili, celery, garlic, olives, and salt and pepper. Chill the mixture, covered, until ready to serve. In a small bowl, whisk the lemon juice, oil, salt, and pepper together. Add the dressing to the seafood mixture along with the parsley and toss to combine. <END>
INPUT: roll, pecans, unsweetened cocoa powder, powdered espresso, ginger, allspice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spicy Pecan Roll | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 ounces pecans, finely ground to yield 1 3/4 cups; 1 tablespoon unsweetened cocoa powder; 1/2 teaspoon powdered instant espresso; 1/2 teaspoon ground ginger; 1/2 teaspoon allspice; 1/2 teaspoon cinnamon; 1/2 teaspoon nutmeg; 1/2 teaspoon cardamom; 1/4 teaspoon finely ground pepper; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 1/8 teaspoon powdered cloves; 6 large eggs; 3/4 granulated sugar; 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract | INSTRUCTIONS: Adjust rack in lower third of oven and preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Line a 10 by 15-inch jellyroll pan with aluminum foil, leaving a 2-inch overhang at each short end. Mix the ground nuts with the cocoa, espresso, spices, salt and pepper in a small bowl. In a large bowl, whisk the eggs and sugar to combine. Rest the bowl in a hot water bath (hot to the touch, about 120 degrees) and whisk until slightly above body temperature (100 degrees F). Remove bowl from the water bath and using a heavy-duty mixer, whip mixture, preferably with a whisk attachment at medium speed until it is light ivory i <END>
INPUT: llaloo, butter, bacon, Vidalia onion, coconut milk
OUTPUT: TITLE: Kale-llaloo | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon butter; 3 slices bacon, roughly chopped; 1/2 cup diced Vidalia onion; 1 (1 1/2-pound) bunch kale, chopped; 1/2 cup coconut milk; 1 cup beef broth; Salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large saute pan, add butter and bacon and cook over medium heat until bacon begins to crisp and renders its fat. Add onions and cook until softened, 5 to 8 minutes. Add kale and saute until it wilts and combines with the onion and bacon. Add coconut milk and broth and continue to cook until kale softens, another 10 minutes. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. <END>
INPUT: cranberry, cranberries, orange juice, unbleached all purpose, baking powder, fine salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cranberry Orange Muffins | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup dried cranberries; 1/4 cup fresh orange juice; 2 cups unbleached all-purpose flour; 2 teaspoons baking powder; 1/4 teaspoon fine salt; 1/2 cup unsalted butter, softened, plus more for preparing the muffin tin; 1 teaspoon grated orange zest; 2/3 cup granulated sugar, plus up to 1 tablespoon for topping the muffins, if desired; 2 large eggs, at room temperature; 1/2 cup milk | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Put the cranberries and orange juice in a small saucepan, and bring just to a simmer over medium heat. Remove berries from the heat, and set aside to cool and plump. Drain off any excess liquid and set aside. Lightly brush a 12-muffin tin with butter. Sift the flour, baking powder, and salt into a medium bowl and set aside. In a standing mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, or with an electric hand-held mixer in a large bowl, cream the butter, orange zest, and 2/3 cup sugar until light and fluffy, about 2 minutes. Scrape down the sides of the bowl with a  <END>
INPUT: brownies, wheat flour, Dutch process cocoa, salt, almonds, good quality bittersweet
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate Almond Avocado Brownies | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup whole wheat flour; 1/2 cup Dutch-process cocoa; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1 cup almonds; 4 ounces good-quality bittersweet chocolate; 1/2 cup canola oil; 1 large, ripe Hass avocado, pitted and peeled; 6 eggs; 1/2 cup granulated sugar; 1 cup dark brown sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line a 9 13-inch glass baking dish with parchment and grease the parchment. Whisk the flour, cocoa, and salt together in a large mixing bowl. Grind the almonds in a food processor until roughly chopped. Stir the nuts into the cocoa mixture. Break up the chocolate and add the pieces to the food processor. Pulse just until coarsely chopped and stir into the cocoa mixture. Wipe out the food processor; then add the oil, avocado, eggs, and sugars and proces until smooth. Use a rubber spatula to transfer the avocado mixture to the bowl with the cocoa mixture; then  <END>
INPUT: Italian, filet mignon steaks, Salt pepper, olive oil, French baguette, Olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Filet Mignon Crostini with Rosemary Pesto | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: One 12-ounce filet mignon steaks; Salt and freshly cracked black pepper; 1 tablespoon olive oil; 12 slices French baguette, sliced on the bias 1/2-inch thick, toasted; Olive oil, for drizzling on crostini; Salt and freshly cracked black pepper; 4 ounces gorgonzola dolce; Rosemary Pesto, recipe follows; 10 to 12 cherry tomatoes, sliced into rounds; Sea salt, for garnish; 1 1/2 cups packed fresh basil leaves; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh rosemary; 1/4 cup grated Romano cheese; 1/4 cup pine nuts, toasted; 3 cloves garlic, cooked in boiling water for 5 minutes | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Heat a cast-iron skillet over medium-high heat. For the filet mignon: Sprinkle both sides of the steak with ample amounts of salt and pepper. Add the olive oil to the skillet and then add the steaks. Sear each side until a nice char appears and the steak is medium-rare (125 to 130 degrees F), 5 to 6 minutes. Let the meat rest for 10 to 15 minutes. For the crostini: Drizzle each side of the baguette slices with olive oil and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Place on a baking sheet and toast in the oven until lightly golden, 7 to 10 minutes. Once toasted, schmear <END>
INPUT: bostock, walnuts, honey, egg, all purpose flour
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fig and Walnut Bostock | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup walnuts; 4 tablespoons (1/2 stick) unsalted butter, room temperature; 1/4 cup honey; 1 large egg; 1/4 cup all-purpose flour; 3/4 teaspoon baking powder; 1/4 teaspoon kosher salt; 2 large eggs, beaten to blend; 8 1"-thick slices brioche, preferably day-old (from about 1 medium loaf); 8 large fresh figs, quartered; 4 tablespoons (1/2 stick) unsalted butter, melted; 2 tablespoons honey; Powdered sugar (for serving) | INSTRUCTIONS: Walnut Creme: Preheat oven to 350°. Toast walnuts on a rimmed baking sheet, tossing occasionally, until fragrant, 8.10 minutes; let cool. Pulse in a food processor until finely ground. Using an electric mixer on high speed, beat butter and honey until light and fluffy, about 4 minutes. Mix in egg, then flour, baking powder, salt, and walnuts just to blend. Preheat oven to 350°. Toast walnuts on a rimmed baking sheet, tossing occasionally, until fragrant, 8.10 minutes; let cool. Pulse in a food processor until finely ground. Using an electric mixer on high speed, beat butter and honey until l <END>
INPUT: gratin, bacon, bread crumbs, Vidalia onions, tomatoes, Kosher salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Green Tomato and Vidalia Onion Gratin | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 pound bacon; 1 cup fresh bread crumbs; 2 large Vidalia onions, peeled and sliced into 1/4-inch thick rounds; 4 large green tomatoes, sliced 1/4-inch thick; Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper; 6 ounces sharp white Cheddar, grated, about 1 1/2 cups | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Render bacon in a large skillet over medium heat. Transfer the cooked bacon to a paper towel lined plate. Add the bread crumbs to a small bowl. Remove 2 tablespoons of the bacon fat from the skillet and stir into the bread crumbs. Add the onion rounds to the skillet in batches and cook, without breaking the round slices apart, until there is some golden color, about 5 to 6 minutes per side. To assemble the gratin, overlap the green tomato slices in 1 row in a large baking dish, about 9 by 11 inches. Next, make a row slightly ove <END>
INPUT: garlic, thyme, rosemary, olive oil, tomatoes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Provençal Rack of Lamb | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 garlic cloves; 2 teaspoons chopped thyme; 1 teaspoon chopped rosemary; 3 tablespoons olive oil, divided; 2 medium tomatoes, halved; 1 (1-pound) frenched rack of lamb (4 to 8 chops, depending on size), cut in half; 2 medium shallots, thinly sliced (1/3 cup); 2 medium boiling potatoes, peeled and sliced crosswise 1/4 inch thick; 2 tablespoons water | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 400°F with rack in middle. Mince and mash garlic to a paste with 1/2 teaspoon salt and 1/2 teaspoon pepper. Stir together with herbs and 1 tablespoon oil. Put tomatoes cut sides up in an oiled small baking dish and drizzle with a third of garlic mixture. Roast until tender, 30 to 40 minutes. Meanwhile, pat lamb dry and season with 1/4 teaspoon salt and 1/4 teaspoon pepper. Heat 1 tablespoon oil in a 10-inch ovenproof skillet over medium-high heat until it shimmers. Brown lamb on all sides, 4 to 6 minutes total. Transfer lamb to a cutting board and discard oil from skillet. Heat <END>
INPUT: swirls, mayonnaise, Parmesan cheese, onion powder, garlic powder
OUTPUT: TITLE: Artichoke and Spinach Swirls | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 package (17.3 ounces) Pepperidge Farm® Puff Pastry Sheets, thawed; 1/2 cup mayonnaise; 1/2 cup grated Parmesan cheese; 1 teaspoon onion powder; 1 teaspoon garlic powder; 1/2 teaspoon ground black pepper; 1 package (10 ounces) frozen chopped spinach, thawed and well drained; 1 can (14 ounces) artichoke heart, drained and chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat the oven to 400 degrees F. Stir the mayonnaise, cheese, onion powder, garlic powder, black pepper, spinach and artichoke hearts in a medium bowl. Unfold 1 pastry sheet on a lightly floured surface. Spread half the spinach mixture on the pastry to within 1 inch of the edge. Roll up like a jelly roll. Press the seam to seal. Repeat with the remaining pastry sheet. Cut each roll into 20 (1/2-inch) slices, making 40 in all. Place the slices, cut-side down, onto 3 baking sheets. Bake for 15 minutes or until the pastries are golden brown. Remove the pastries from the baking sheet and let cool o <END>
INPUT: limeade, sugar, lemon juice, lime juice, lemon, lime
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lemon Limeade | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups sugar; 1 1/2 cups lemon juice; 1/2 cup lime juice; 1 lemon, sliced; 1 lime, sliced | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large saucepan, heat the sugar and 2 cups water until the sugar is dissolved and the mixture is hot. Allow to cool, and then place into a large drink dispenser or jug. Add the lemon juice and lime juice and stir. Fill with ice and top with 1 gallon (16 cups) cold water. Add the lemon and lime slices. <END>
INPUT: boil rice, tropical fruit mix, roasted peanuts, tartar sauce, sour cream
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tropical Salmon | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 bag boil in bag white rice; 1/4 cup dried tropical fruit mix; 1/4 cup dry roasted peanuts; 2 tablespoons tartar sauce; 2 tablespoons sour cream; 2 tablespoons fresh lime juice; 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard; 2 teaspoons fresh chives, chopped; 1 skinless (12-ounce) salmon fillet, cut crosswise into 10 (1/2-inch thick) slices; Fresh dill, optional | INSTRUCTIONS: Prepare rice according to package instructions, adding dried fruit halfway through the cooking time. Remove rice from heat. Stir in fruit mixture and nuts. Transfer rice to serving bowl. Meanwhile, in a small bowl, mix tartar sauce, sour cream, lime juice, mustard, and chives. Cover chive sauce and refrigerate. Preheat broiler. Divide salmon slices between 2 broiler-proof glass or ceramic plates, covering half of each of the plates. Place plates under broiler and cook until salmon is pale pink and flaky, watching salmon carefully so it does not overcook, about 1 minute. Using potholders, caref <END>
INPUT: chips, Yukon Gold potatoes, Vegetable oil, Kosher salt, Ingredient Vinegar powder
OUTPUT: TITLE: Salt-and-Vinegar Potato Chips | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 5 Yukon Gold potatoes (about 1 3/4 pounds); Vegetable oil (for frying); Kosher salt; 1 tablespoons (approximately) vinegar powder; Ingredient info: Vinegar powder can be found at specialty foods stores and spicebarn.com | INSTRUCTIONS: Using a mandoline, thinly slice potatoes (just under 1/8" thick). Let soak in a bowl of warm water for 5 minutes. Drain; repeat. Pat potatoes very dry. Meanwhile, pour oil into a large pot to a depth of 1 1/2". Attach a deep-fry thermometer to side of pot; heat oil over medium heat to 320°F. Working in batches of about 20 slices and returning oil to 320°F after each batch, fry potatoes, stirring gently, until they are golden brown and oil stops sizzling, 3-4 minutes. Using a slotted spoon, transfer chips to paper towels to drain. Season each batch generously with salt and 1/4 teaspoon vinegar  <END>
INPUT: tres, leches, Vegetable oil, eggs, sugar, unsalted butter, vanilla extract
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tres Leches Cake with Mango | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Vegetable oil, for greasing; 4 large eggs; 1 cup sugar; 2/3 cup unsalted butter, melted; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; 2 1/4 cups whole milk; 1 1/2 cups cake flour; 1 teaspoon baking powder; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 12-ounce can evaporated milk; 14-ounce can sweetened condensed milk; 1 tablespoon dark rum; 2 large ripe mangoes; 3 tablespoons sugar; 1 cup heavy cream | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Grease an 8-inch square baking pan with vegetable oil and line the bottom with parchment paper. Make the cake: Beat the eggs and sugar in a large bowl with a mixer until pale and slightly thick, about 6 minutes. Slowly beat in the melted butter, then beat in the vanilla and 1/4 cup whole milk. Whisk the flour, baking powder and salt in a bowl. Sift the flour mixture over the egg mixture, then gently fold together with a rubber spatula to make a thick batter. Transfer the batter to the prepared pan and bake until a toothpick inserted into the center of the cak <END>
INPUT: infused, pots, bittersweet chocolate, heavy whipping cream, milk, Lapsang souchong other, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Smoked-Tea-Infused Chocolate Pots de Crème | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 1/2 ounces bittersweet chocolate, finely chopped; 2 1/2 cups heavy whipping cream; 2/3 cup whole milk; 1 teaspoon Lapsang souchong or other smoked tea; 1/2 cup sugar, divided; 6 large egg yolks; 1/2 cup chilled heavy whipping cream; 2 teaspoons sugar; 1/4 vanilla bean, split lengthwise | INSTRUCTIONS: Place finely chopped bittersweet chocolate in large bowl. Bring heavy whipping cream, whole milk, and smoked tea to simmer in heavy medium saucepan over medium heat. Turn off heat; add 1/4 cup sugar and stir to dissolve. Steep tea uncovered 5 minutes. Whisk egg yolks and remaining 1/4 cup sugar in medium bowl to blend. Gradually whisk hot cream mixture into yolk mixture, then strain over chocolate. Let stand 2 minutes. Whisk until chocolate is melted and custard is smooth. Cover and chill custard overnight. Position rack in center of oven and preheat to 300°F. Divide custard among eight 3/4-cu <END>
INPUT: American, wheat pita chips, avocados, garlic, cumin, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Avocado Goat Cheese Dip with Whole-Wheat Pita Chips | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 package whole-wheat pita chips (cut into 6 triangles each); 3 ripe avocados, peeled pitted and cut into chunks; 2 cloves minced garlic; 1/2 teaspoon ground cumin; 1/4 teaspoon salt, plus more, if needed; 3 tablespoons lime juice; 4 ounces cream cheese; 4 ounces goat cheese | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Spread pita triangles on a sheet tray. Bake in the oven until crisp and slightly toasted. Chips will need to be rotated twice while baking. In a bowl combine avocados, garlic, cumin and salt. Use an electric hand mixer to mix ingredients together. Add lime juice, cream cheese and goat cheese pulsing until smooth and blended well. Add a bit more salt, if necessary. <END>
INPUT: bread, sugar, vegetable oil, eggs, unsweetened pumpkin, flour
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pumpkin Bread | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 cups sugar; 1 cup vegetable oil; 4 eggs, lightly bean; 16 ounces canned unsweetened pumpkin; 3 1/2 cups flour; 2 teaspoons salt; 2 teaspoons baking soda; 1 teaspoon baking powder; 1 teaspoon nutmeg; 1 teaspoon allspice; 1 teaspoon cinnamon; 1/2 teaspoon cloves; 2/3 cup water | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Butter and flour 2 9 by 5 loaf pans. Stir together sugar and oil. Stir in eggs and pumpkin. Combine dry ingredients in separate bowl. Blend dry ingredients and water into wet mixture, alternating. Divide batter between two loaf pans. Bake for 30 to 40 minutes or until cake tester comes out clean. Let stand 10 minutes. Remove from pans and cool. <END>
INPUT: Asian, cookies, sugar, all purpose flour, coconut, sesame seeds
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sesame Coconut Cookies | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound (4 sticks) unsalted butter, room temperature; 1 1/2 cups sugar; 3 cups all-purpose flour; 2 cups shredded sweetened coconut; 1cup sesame seeds; 1/2 cup finely chopped pecans | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 300 degrees F. Line baking sheets with silpats (French nonstick baking mats). or parchment paper. In the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, beat butter and sugar on medium speed until light and fluffy, about 2 minutes. Add flour 1/2 cup at a time, mixing on low speed until well combined. Remove bowl from mixer; with a wooden spoon or your hands, stir in coconut, sesame seeds, and pecans. Divide dough into thirds. Roll into logs about 1 1/2 inches in diameter. Wrap each log in plastic, and refrigerate until very firm, about 2 hours. Using a sharp knife, <END>
INPUT: Italian, scrambled, eggs, Kosher salt, pepper, olive oil, baby spinach
OUTPUT: TITLE: Scrambled Eggs with Spinach & Parmesan | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 2 large eggs; Kosher salt; Freshly ground black pepper; 1 teaspoon olive oil; 3 cups baby spinach; 1-2 tablespoons grated Parmesan; Crushed red pepper flakes | INSTRUCTIONS: Whisk 2 large eggs in a small bowl; season with kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper and set aside. Heat 1 teaspoon olive oil in a medium nonstick skillet over medium heat. Add 3 cups baby spinach and cook, tossing, until wilted, about 1 minute. Add eggs; cook, stirring occasionally, until just set, about 1 minute. Stir in 1-2 tablespoons grated Parmesan. Sprinkle with crushed red pepper flakes. Whisk 2 large eggs in a small bowl; season with kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper and set aside. Heat 1 teaspoon olive oil in a medium nonstick skillet over medium heat. Add 3 cups bab <END>
INPUT: brandade, heirloom beans, celery, carrot, onion, coarse kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Dungeness Crab and Heirloom Bean Brandade | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup dried white heirloom beans (such as marrow beans) or Great Northern beans; 1 celery stalk, cut in half crosswise, plus 1/4 cup finely chopped celery; 1 carrot, peeled; 1 small onion, halved; 1 teaspoon coarse kosher salt; 8 ounces Dungeness crabmeat, picked over; 1 cup (packed) coarsely grated extra-sharp white cheddar cheese (about 4 ounces); 1/3 cup mayonnaise; 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard; 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce; 2 tablespoons (1/4 stick) butter; 1/2 cup finely chopped shallots; 3 garlic cloves, minced; 1/4 teaspoon cayenne pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Rinse beans with cold water; place in large saucepan. Add enough cold water to cover beans by 2 inches; let soak overnight. Drain. Return beans to same pan. Add enough cold water to cover beans by 3 to 4 inches. Add celery stalk, carrot, and onion. Bring to boil. Reduce heat; simmer uncovered until beans are tender, about 1 hour. Remove from heat. Add 1 teaspoon coarse salt; let beans cool in cooking liquid. DO AHEAD: Can be made 2 days ahead. Cover and chill in cooking liquid. Before using, drain beans, reserving 1/4 cup cooking liquid. Lightly butter 1-quart baking dish. Combine crab, chedda <END>
INPUT: Asian, scallions, piece ginger, jalapeno pepper, light dark sugar, fish sauce
OUTPUT: TITLE: Ginger Chicken with Watercress | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1 bunch scallions, chopped; 1 3-inch piece ginger, peeled and roughly chopped; 1/2 jalapeno pepper (remove seeds for less heat); 2 tablespoons packed light or dark brown sugar; 1 tablespoon fish sauce; 1 tablespoon soy sauce; 1 tablespoon rice vinegar (not seasoned); 1 plum tomato, halved; Kosher salt; 6 skinless, boneless chicken thighs (about 21/4 pounds), quartered; 4 ounces shiitake mushrooms, stemmed and quartered; 2 bunches watercress, tough stems removed; White rice, for serving | INSTRUCTIONS: Put all but 2 tablespoons of the scallions in a blender; add the ginger, jalapeno, brown sugar, fish sauce, soy sauce, vinegar, tomato and 1/4 teaspoon salt and blend until smooth. Transfer to a 6-quart slow cooker. Add the chicken and mushrooms to the slow cooker and stir to coat. Cover and cook on low, 4 hours. Roughly chop the watercress and stir into the slow cooker. Serve the chicken and vegetables with rice; top with the reserved scallions. Photograph by Christopher Testani <END>
INPUT: balls, amaretti cookies, amaretto liqueur, vanilla ice cream, Chocolate sauce, Whipped cream
OUTPUT: TITLE: Amaretti Ice Cream Balls | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 24 amaretti cookies; 1/4 cup amaretto liqueur; 2 pints vanilla ice cream; Chocolate sauce; Whipped cream | INSTRUCTIONS: Crush cookies by hand or in plastic bag. Place onto a sheet pan. Dampen the cookie crumbs with the liqueur. Scoop ice cream balls onto the sheet pan and roll around until covered. Place the balls into a serving dish and top with chocolate sauce and whipped cream. <END>
INPUT: Italian, white, wheat bowtie, olive oil, onion, garlic, lowfat Italian style
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pasta with Escarole, White Beans and Chicken Sausage | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 pound whole-wheat bowtie (or other shape) pasta; 1 tablespoon olive oil; 1/2 medium onion, chopped, about 1 cup; 3 cloves garlic, minced; 6 ounces lowfat Italian-style chicken sausage, casings removed, crumbled; 1 medium head escarole, rinsed, drained and chopped, about 8 cups; 1(14-ounce) can low-sodium cannellini beans, drained and rinsed; 1 1/2 cups low-sodium chicken broth; 1/2 teaspoon red pepper flakes; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh sage leaves; Salt; Freshly ground black pepper; 1 ounce grated Parmesan | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook the pasta according to the directions on the package. Heat the oil over a medium heat in a large, deep saute pan or 8-quart stockpot. Saute the onion until soft and translucent, about 5 minutes. Add the garlic and cook an additional 1 minute. Stir in the sausage and cook until heated through and browned, about 4 minutes. Add the escarole and cook until wilted, about 3 to 4 minutes. Add the beans, 1 cup of chicken stock, sage and red pepper flakes and simmer until the mixture is heated through and liquid is slightly reduced. Add the sausage-bean mixture to pasta and toss well, loosening wi <END>
INPUT: sauce, onions, garlic, virgin olive oil, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tomato Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 medium onions, finely chopped; 4 garlic cloves, finely chopped; 6 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 2 (28- to 32-ounce) cans whole tomatoes in juice; 1 teaspoon salt, or to taste; 1 teaspoon sugar (optional), or to taste | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook onions and garlic in oil in a 4- to 5-quart heavy saucepan over moderately low heat, stirring, until softened, 6 to 8 minutes. Add tomatoes, including juice, and salt, then simmer gently, uncovered, stirring and mashing tomatoes with a fork occasionally, until sauce is thickened and reduced to about 5 cups, 1 to 1 1/4 hours. If sauce tastes too acidic, add sugar and cook 5 minutes more. Cook onions and garlic in oil in a 4- to 5-quart heavy saucepan over moderately low heat, stirring, until softened, 6 to 8 minutes. Add tomatoes, including juice, and salt, then simmer gently, uncovered, s <END>
INPUT: crescents, all purpose flour, granulated sugar, salt, unsalted butter, egg yolks
OUTPUT: TITLE: Orange Pistachio Crescents | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 2/3 cups all-purpose flour; 1/4 cup granulated sugar; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 2 sticks cold unsalted butter, cut into 1/2-inch cubes; 2 large egg yolks; 3 to 4 tablespoons ice water; 1 large navel orange; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 3/4 cup granulated sugar; 3/4 cup water; 1/2 cup coarsely chopped pistachios (2 1/4 ounces); About 1 cup confectioners sugar; Equipment: a 3-inch fluted round cookie cutter | INSTRUCTIONS: Make dough: Whisk together flour, sugar, and salt in a large bowl (or pulse in a food processor). Blend in butter with your fingertips or a pastry blender (or pulse) until mixture resembles coarse meal with some roughly pea-size butter lumps. Beat together yolks and 3 tablespoon water with a fork and stir into flour (or pulse) until incorporated. Gently squeeze a small handful of dough: If it doesn't hold together, stir (or pulse) in 1 tablespoon more water. Do not overwork dough or pastry will be tough. Turn out dough onto a lightly floured surface and divide into 8 portions. With heel of you <END>
INPUT: bake, bars, salted butter, chunky peanut butter, powdered sugar, vanilla wafers, mini semisweet chocolate
OUTPUT: TITLE: No-Bake Peanut Butter Bars | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 sticks salted butter, softened, plus more for greasing the pan; 1 cup chunky peanut butter; 2 cups powdered sugar; One 12-ounce box vanilla wafers; One 12-ounce bag mini semisweet chocolate chips; 2 cups semisweet chocolate chips; 1/2 cup creamy peanut butter; 1/2 cup chopped peanuts | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Special equipment: 9-inch-x-13-inch pan For the filling: Grease a 9-by-13-inch pan with some butter. Using a stand or electric hand mixer, mix together the butter and chunky peanut butter until smooth. Stir in the sugar a cup at a time. Add the vanilla wafers to a food processor and process until they are in crumbs. Then add the crumbs and mini chocolate chips to the peanut butter mixture. Spread it evenly into the buttered pan and set aside. For the frosting: Using a double boiler or a microwave, melt the chocolate chips and creamy peanut butter. Allow to cool f <END>
INPUT: low salt chicken, porcini mushrooms, olive oil, pancetta, chicken breast halves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken Shiraz with Porcini and Whole Shallots | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 14-ounce can low-salt chicken broth; 1 ounce dried porcini mushrooms*; 1 teaspoon olive oil; 3 ounces pancetta, chopped**; 4 large chicken breast halves with skin and bones (about 4 pounds), each cut crosswise in half; 3 chicken thighs with skin and bones; 3 chicken drumsticks with skin and bones; 6 whole shallots; 10 ounces crimini (baby bella) mushrooms, halved; 1/3 cup chopped shallots; 2 teaspoons chopped fresh thyme; 2 garlic cloves, chopped; 1/4 cup all purpose flour; 2 cups Shiraz or other hearty dry red wine; Chopped fresh Italian parsley | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 300°F. Bring broth and porcini mushrooms to boil in small saucepan. Remove from heat and let stand at room temperature until mushrooms soften, about 25 minutes. Using slotted spoon, transfer mushrooms to cutting board and chop coarsely. Pour mushroom broth into medium bowl, leaving sediment behind. Reserve broth. Meanwhile, heat oil in heavy large ovenproof pot over medium heat. Add pancetta and cook until crisp and brown, stirring frequently, about 10 minutes. Using slotted spoon, transfer pancetta to paper towels to drain. Sprinkle all chicken pieces with salt and pepper. Wor <END>
INPUT: American, omelet, onions, virgin olive oil, plum tomatoes, onion, Kosher salt pepper, panko
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cheese Omelet With Roasted Tomatoes and Onions | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 4 plum tomatoes, trimmed and halved crosswise; 1 small white onion, sliced into 4 rounds; Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper; 1 cup panko (Japanese breadcrumbs) or plain breadcrumbs; 10 large eggs; 2 tablespoons milk; 4 tablespoons mixed chopped herbs (such as parsley and dill) and/or scallions; 4 teaspoons unsalted butter; 4 ounces shredded gruyere or Swiss cheese (about 1 cup) | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F. Brush a baking dish with 1 tablespoon olive oil. Season the tomatoes and onion rounds with salt and pepper and add to the dish, cut-side up. Mix the remaining 2 tablespoons olive oil with the panko and sprinkle over the tomatoes and onion. Bake until tender and golden brown, 15 to 20 minutes. Whisk the eggs, milk and herbs in a bowl; season with salt and pepper. Heat a small nonstick skillet over medium-high heat. Add 1 teaspoon butter, swirling to coat. When the foam subsides, add one-quarter of the egg mixture. Cook 10 seconds, then move a rubber spatula ar <END>
INPUT: beety, distilled vinegar, jarred pickled baby, onion, Kosher salt, mustard seeds
OUTPUT: TITLE: Beety Pickled Eggs | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 1/4 cups distilled vinegar; 1 pound jarred or canned pickled baby beets, drained, pickling liquid reserved; 1 small red onion, halved and thinly sliced; Kosher salt; 1 tablespoon yellow mustard seeds; 1 tablespoon coriander seeds; 1 teaspoon sugar; 12 hard-boiled eggs, peeled | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: 2 glass quart jars with lids Bring the vinegar, 3/4 cup of the pickling liquid, the onions, 4 teaspoons salt, the mustard seeds, coriander seeds and sugar to a boil in a medium saucepan over medium heat, stirring to dissolve the salt and sugar. Reduce the heat, cover and let the brine simmer for 5 minutes. Meanwhile, pierce each egg all the way through about 6 times with a cake tester or toothpick. Put 3 eggs and 1/4 of the beets in each of 2 glass quart jars with lids. Ladle in enough brine to cover. Add 3 more eggs to each jar, divide the remaining beets between them and l <END>
INPUT: galettes, salmon fillet skin, salted butter, onions, smoked salmon, lemon juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Buckwheat Galettes with Salmon, Capers, and Dill | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1-pound salmon fillet with skin; 3 tablespoons salted butter, divided; 8 green onions, thinly sliced; 8 ounces smoked salmon, finely chopped, divided; 3 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 2 tablespoons drained capers; 2 tablespoons coarsely chopped fresh dill plus sprigs for garnish; 8 Basic Buckwheat Crepes | INSTRUCTIONS: Score flesh side of salmon fillet at 1 1/2-inch intervals 1/2 inch deep in crisscross pattern; sprinkle with salt and pepper. Heat large nonstick skillet over medium-high heat. Add salmon, skin side down. Cook until skin is lightly browned, 3 minutes. Turn salmon over and partially cook until just warm, 2 to 3 minutes. Transfer to plate. Cut salmon, including skin, into 1/2-inch pieces; cool. Heat same skillet over medium-high heat. Add 1 tablespoon butter, green onions and 2/3 of smoked salmon. Sauté 2 minutes; add reserved salmon. Toss until heated through. Remove from heat; add lemon juice, <END>
INPUT: bars, eggs, granulated sugar, lemon juice, all purpose flour, hotshortbread base
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lemon Bars | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 large eggs; 1 1/2 cups granulated sugar; 3/4 cup fresh lemon juice; 1/3 cup all-purpose flour; hotshortbread base; 3 tablespoons confectioners' sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350°F. In a bowl whisk together eggs and granulated sugar until combined well and stir in lemon juice and flour. Pour lemon mixture over hot shortbread. Reduce oven temperature to 300°F. and bake confection in middle of oven until set, about 30 minutes. Cool completely in pan and cut into 24 bars. Bar cookies keep, covered and chilled, 3 days. Sift confectioners' sugar over bars before serving. Preheat oven to 350°F. In a bowl whisk together eggs and granulated sugar until combined well and stir in lemon juice and flour. Pour lemon mixture over hot shortbread. Reduce oven tempe <END>
INPUT: Italian, salad, reduction, shelled pistachios, almonds, zest juice limes, scant olive oil, cherry tomatoes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Melon, Basil, and Feta Salad With Balsamic–Red Wine Reduction | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons shelled pistachios; 3 tablespoons almonds; Finely grated zest and juice of 4 limes; 1 scant cup olive oil (200 ml/7 fl oz); 1/2 cup cherry tomatoes, halved; 1/4 canteloupe (250 grams), cut into 1/2-inch cubes; 1/4 watermelon (250 grams), cut into 1/2-inch cubes; 7 oz (200 grams) prosciutto or smoked fish (optional), torn into bite-size pieces; 1 1/3 cups crumbled marinated feta cheese (200 grams/7 oz); 1 large handful basil, leaves picked; 4 cups balsamic vinegar; 1/2 cup Marsala; 1/2 cup red wine | INSTRUCTIONS: To make the balsamic reduction, put the balsamic, Marsala and red wine in a heavy-based saucepan over medium-low heat. Cook until reduced by two-thirds and thickened to the consistency of honey (this will take 2 to 3 hours). Remove from the heat and set aside. To make the balsamic reduction, put the balsamic, Marsala and red wine in a heavy-based saucepan over medium-low heat. Cook until reduced by two-thirds and thickened to the consistency of honey (this will take 2 to 3 hours). Remove from the heat and set aside. Put the pistachios and almonds in a small frying pan over medium heat. Cook fo <END>
INPUT: relish, apple cider vinegar, light sugar, kosher salt, mustard powder, cucumber
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cucumber and Raisin Relish with Mustard Seeds | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup apple cider vinegar; 2 tablespoons light brown sugar; 2 teaspoons kosher salt; 2 teaspoons mustard powder; 1 medium cucumber (about 1/2 pound), cut into 1/4 inch pieces; 1/3 cup finely chopped onion; 2 ounces golden raisins (about 1/3 cup); 2 teaspoons mustard seeds | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring vinegar, brown sugar, salt, mustard powder, and 1/2 cup water to a boil in a medium pot over high heat, stirring occasionally, until sugar and salt dissolve, about 5 minutes. Place cucumber, onion, raisins, and mustard seeds in a heatproof resealable container. Pour hot brining liquid over cucumber mixture; stir to combine. Let cool to room temperature, then cover and chill at least 2 hours before serving. Serve cool or at room temperature. Bring vinegar, brown sugar, salt, mustard powder, and 1/2 cup water to a boil in a medium pot over high heat, stirring occasionally, until sugar and  <END>
INPUT: toast, hearts, "very thin" sandwich, butter, virgin olive oil, lime juice, Salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Smoked Salmon on Toast or Jicama Hearts | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 12 "very thin" slices of sandwich bread or jicama; 4 tablespoons melted butter; 2 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil; 1 to 2 tablespoons fresh lime juice; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 12 thin slices smoked salmon; 1 tablespoon finely snipped dill leaves; 1 tablespoon chive "batons" (chives cut into 2-inch lengths) | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees. With a biscuit cutter or heart shaped cutter, cut out heart shapes (can be done in advance). Brush melted butter on both sides of the bread and set them on a baking sheet. Bake for 15 minutes or until toasts are golden brown; remove and set aside until later. (Or, for low cal alternative, cut wide thin slices of jicama, then cut out heart shapes from those - can be done in advance, and kept in dampened cloth in the refrigerator.) Combine olive oil and lime juice and season lightly with salt and pepper. Set two "heart" shaped toast points or jicama slices in mid <END>
INPUT: polenta, water, cornmeal, chicken broth water, salt, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Creamy Polenta with Smoked Gouda | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup cold water; 1 cup yellow cornmeal; 3 cups chicken broth or water; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 1/4 teaspoon ground black pepper; 1/2 cup grated smoked Gouda | INSTRUCTIONS: In a small bowl, combine cold water and cornmeal. Let stand 5 minutes. Meanwhile, in a medium saucepan over medium-high heat, combine chicken broth, salt and pepper. Bring mixture to a boil. Gradually whisk in cornmeal mixture and reduce heat to low. Cook 20 minutes, stirring frequently with a wire whisk, until mixture is thick and creamy. Stir in smoked Gouda and simmer until cheese melts, stirring constantly. <END>
INPUT: daiquiri, bananas, coconut milk, lime, sugar, ice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Banana Daiquiri | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 large bananas, sliced, divided; 1 cup coconut milk, divided; 1 lime, juiced, divided; 1/2 cup sugar, divided; 6 cups ice, divided; 4 ounces white rum, optional, divided | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Into a blender add 1 banana, 1/2 cup coconut milk, 1/2 of the lime juice, 1/4 cup of the sugar, and 3 cups of ice and add 2 ounces of rum if desired. Blend until smooth, about 1 minute. Pour into 2 tall glasses, and repeat for 2 more drinks. <END>
INPUT: Italian, pesto, hazelnuts, plain breadcrumbs, Parmesan cheese, water
OUTPUT: TITLE: Broiled Oysters with Hazelnut Pesto | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cups (packed) fresh basil leaves; 3/4 cup hazelnuts, toasted, husked (about 5 ounces); 1/4 cup plain dry breadcrumbs; 1/4 cup freshly grated Parmesan cheese; 1/4 cup water; 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice; 2 garlic cloves, peeled; 1/2 cup (1 stick) butter, room temperature; 30 fresh oysters, shucked, shells reserved | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine basil, hazelnuts, breadcrumbs, cheese, 1/4 cup water, lemon juice and garlic in processor. Blend until mixture is finely chopped. Add butter and process until smooth paste forms. Season pesto to taste with salt and pepper. (Can be made 2 days ahead. Cover and refrigerate. Bring to room temperature before continuing.) Preheat broiler. Arrange oysters in half shells on 2 large baking sheets. Top each oyster with 1 1/2 teaspoons pesto. Working in batches, broil until pesto begins to brown, about 1 1/2 minutes. Place 3 oysters on each plate and serve. Combine basil, hazelnuts, breadcrumbs, <END>
INPUT: Italian, gnocchi, milk, coarse kosher salt, nutmeg, semolina flour, egg yolks
OUTPUT: TITLE: Semolina Gnocchi | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 6 cups whole milk; 1 tablespoon coarse kosher salt; Pinch of ground nutmeg; 2 1/2 cups semolina flour (pasta flour)*; 6 large egg yolks; 1/2 cup freshly grated Parmesan cheese; 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, divided | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring milk, coarse salt, and nutmeg to simmer in heavy large saucepan over medium heat. Turn heat to very low; gradually whisk in semolina. Cook until mixture is very thick, whisking constantly, 1 to 2 minutes. Remove from heat. Whisk in egg yolks, then Parmesan cheese and 2 tablespoons butter. Pour semolina into 13x9x2-inch baking pan; spread evenly. Cover pan tightly with plastic wrap and refrigerate at least 4 hours. DO AHEAD: Semolina can be made 2 days ahead. Keep chilled. Preheat oven to 400°F. Coat large rimmed baking sheet with remaining 1 tablespoon butter. Cut chilled semolina into t <END>
INPUT: Italian, aglio, olio, broccoli, Kosher salt, Ice, spaghetti, virgin olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spaghetti and Broccoli Aglio Olio | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 large bunch broccoli, cut into about 4 cups florets and 1 cup thinly sliced stems from close to the base; Kosher salt; Ice; 1 pound spaghetti; 1/2 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 2 teaspoon red pepper flakes; 6 cloves garlic, minced; Juice of 1/2 lemon; 1 cup freshly grated Parmigiano-Reggiano | INSTRUCTIONS: Add the broccoli florets to a large pot of boiling, salted water and cook until al dente, 3 to 4 minutes. Prepare a bowl of ice water. Remove the florets from the pot, reserving the cooking water. Stop the cooking process by shocking them in the ice water. Remove the florets and pat dry. Add the spaghetti in the same pot of water. Cook until al dente, about 8 minutes. Meanwhile, add the oil, sliced broccoli stems, red pepper flakes and garlic to a large skillet over medium-low heat and sprinkle with salt. Cook until the garlic is lightly toasted and fragrant, about 8 minutes. Add the florets,  <END>
INPUT: Asian, wine, heavy cream, garlic, shallot, lemongrass
OUTPUT: TITLE: Steamed Mussels with Curry and Lemongrass | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup dry white wine; 1 cup heavy cream; 2 garlic cloves, minced; 1 tablespoon minced shallot; 1 stalk fresh lemongrass* (lower 6 inches only), outer leaves discarded and root ends trimmed, cut into 1-inch pieces; 2 teaspoons curry powder; 1 1/2 pounds black mussels (preferably cultivated), scrubbed well in several changes of water and beards pulled off; 1 tablespoon thinly sliced scallion; 1 tablespoon unsalted butter; *available at Asian markets and some specialty foods shops | INSTRUCTIONS: In a 5- to 6-quart heavy kettle bring wine and cream to a boil with garlic, shallot, lemongrass, and curry powder. Add mussels and cook, covered, over moderately high heat 4 to 6 minutes, or until opened, discarding any unopened ones and lemongrass. Using a slotted spoon divide mussels among 4 bowls. Add to liquid remaining in kettle scallion, butter, and salt and pepper to taste, stirring until butter is incorporated, and spoon over mussels. In a 5- to 6-quart heavy kettle bring wine and cream to a boil with garlic, shallot, lemongrass, and curry powder. Add mussels and cook, covered, over mo <END>
INPUT: Italian, frittata, boiling potatoes, eggs, ricotta cheese, Gruyere cheese
OUTPUT: TITLE: Potato Basil Frittata | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 8 tablespoons (1 stick) unsalted butter, divided; 2 cups peeled and 1/2-inch diced boiling potatoes (4 potatoes); 8 extra-large eggs; 15 ounces ricotta cheese; 3/4 pound Gruyere cheese, grated; 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt; 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 3/4 cup chopped fresh basil leaves; 1/3 cup flour; 3/4 teaspoon baking powder | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Heat the oven to 350 degrees F. Melt 3 tablespoons of butter in a 10-inch ovenproof omelet pan over medium-low heat. Add the potatoes and fry them until cooked through, turning often, about 10 to 15 minutes. Melt the remaining 5 tablespoons of butter in a small dish in the microwave. Meanwhile, whisk the eggs, then stir in the ricotta, Gruyere, melted butter, salt, pepper, and basil. Sprinkle on the flour and baking powder and stir into the egg mixture. Pour the egg mixture over the potatoes and place the pan in the center of the oven. Bake the frittata until it  <END>
INPUT: Mexican, slow, vegetable oil, chipotle adobo, smoked paprika, honey, oregano
OUTPUT: TITLE: Slow-Grilled Chipotle Chicken | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons vegetable oil, plus more for drizzling; 2 tablespoons chipotle in adobo (1 tablespoon finely chopped chipotle peppers and 1 tablespoon sauce); 2 teaspoons smoked paprika; 1 teaspoon honey; 1 teaspoon dried oregano, preferably Mexican; 1/2 teaspoon ground cumin; 2 cloves garlic, finely grated; Zest of 1 lime and juice of 1/2, plus wedges for serving; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 whole chicken (3 1/2 to 4 pounds); 2 bunches scallions, root ends trimmed; 16 small corn tortillas; Prepared salsa, for serving | INSTRUCTIONS: Mix together the vegetable oil, chipotle and sauce, smoked paprika, honey, oregano, cumin, garlic, lime zest and juice, 2 teaspoons salt and 1/4 teaspoon pepper in a small bowl. Rub some under the skin of the chicken breasts and thighs, and then all over the outside of the chicken. Let sit at room temperature for 30 minutes. Prepare a grill for low indirect heat: For gas grills (with 3 or more burners), turn all the burners to medium-high heat; after about 15 minutes turn off one of the middle burners and turn the remaining burners down to low. For charcoal grills, bank one chimney starter-ful <END>
INPUT: American, brownies, frosting, vegetable oil, all purpose flour, baking powder, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate Brownies with Orange Cream Cheese Frosting | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 (13x9x1-inch) disposable aluminum baking pan; Nonstick vegetable oil spray; 2/3 cup all purpose flour; 1/2 teaspoon baking powder; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 4 ounces bittersweet or semisweet chocolate, chopped; 2 ounces unsweetened chocolate, chopped; 10 tablespoons (11/4 sticks) unsalted butter; 1 1/4 cups sugar; 2 teaspoons vanilla extract; 3 large eggs; 1 (8-ounce) package cream cheese, room temperature; 2/3 cup powdered sugar; 2 tablespoons (1/4 stick) unsalted butter, room temperature; 1 1/2 teaspoons finely grated orange peel | INSTRUCTIONS: Set oven rack in lower middle position; preheat to 325°F. Spray disposable aluminum baking pan with nonstick spray. Press 18x12-inch sheet aluminum foil over bottom and up long sides of pan, leaving overhang on each long side. Spray foil with nonstick spray. Whisk flour, baking powder, and salt in small bowl. Stir both chocolates and 10 tablespoons butter in medium saucepan over medium-low heat until melted and smooth; remove from heat. Whisk sugar and vanilla, then eggs into chocolate mixture. Whisk until glossy and smooth, about 1 minute. Add dry ingredients and whisk just to blend. Pour bat <END>
INPUT: salad, vinaigrette, chardonnay vinegar, honey, Dijon mustard, thyme, Kosher salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Swordfish and Eggplant Salad with Honey-Thyme Vinaigrette | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup chardonnay vinegar; 2 tablespoons honey; 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard; 2 teaspoons finely chopped fresh thyme, plus 2 teaspoons whole leaves; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1/2 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 3 Japanese eggplants, halved; 2 small poblano chiles; 1 red bell pepper; Canola oil, for brushing; 1 1/2 pounds swordfish fillet; 1 large bunch watercress, chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: Whisk together the vinegar, honey, mustard, chopped thyme and some salt and pepper in a medium bowl. Slowly whisk in the olive oil until emulsified. Heat a charcoal or gas grill to high for direct grilling. Brush the eggplant, poblanos and bell pepper with canola oil, scatter over some of the whole thyme leave sand season with salt and pepper. Grill the poblanos and bell pepper until charred all over and somewhat tender, about 5 minutes. Remove from the grill to a bowl, cover with plastic wrap and let steam. Continue to grill the eggplant until charred on both sides and tender, 5 to 8 minutes. <END>
INPUT: Asian, sushi, sticky rice, quinoa, bean curd tofu, carrots into matchsticks, nori seaweed
OUTPUT: TITLE: Quinoa Brown Rice Sushi | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup sticky brown rice; 1/2 cup quinoa; 8 ounces baked bean curd/tofu, cut into long thin strips; 4 to 5 carrots cut into matchsticks; 4 nori seaweed sheets; 2 pickled cucumbers (low sodium), cut into matchsticks; 2 avocados, peeled, pitted, and sliced; Cilantro sprigs, for garnish; Pickled ginger, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. Place the rice, quinoa, and 3 cups water into a rice cooker and cook according to the manufacturer's instructions. (You can also cook the rice and quinoa in 3 cups water in a pressure cooker for 15 minutes). 2. Bring a saucepan of water to a boil and cook the carrots until softened, about 30 seconds. Drain and rinse them under cold water. 3. Unroll a bamboo sushi mat on a work surface and put a sheet of nori on it. Wet your hands and divide the rice into 4 equal portions. Divide one portion into 4 small, firm balls and press them evenly onto the nori, covering the entire sheet with a thin l <END>
INPUT: skillet, cornbread, cornmeal, unbleached all purpose, baking powder, salt, sage sage leaves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sage and Honey Skillet Cornbread | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup cornmeal (preferably whole grain, medium grind); 1 cup unbleached all purpose flour; 1 tablespoon baking powder; 1 teaspoon salt; 2 teaspoons chopped fresh sage plus 12 whole fresh sage leaves; 1 cup whole milk; 1/2 cup honey; 1 large egg; 1/2 cup (1 stick) unsalted butter | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 400°F. Heat heavy 10-inch-diameter ovenproof skillet (preferably cast-iron) in oven 10 minutes. Whisk first 4 ingredients and 2 teaspoons chopped sage in large bowl to blend. Whisk milk, honey, and egg in medium bowl to blend. Remove skillet from oven; add 1/2 cup butter. Swirl until butter is melted. Pour all except 2 tablespoons butter into egg mixture. Add whole sage leaves to butter in skillet; toss to coat. Arrange leaves over bottom of skillet, spacing apart. Add egg mixture to cornmeal mixture; stir until just combined (do not overmix; batter will be wet and runny). Pour <END>
INPUT: Worcestershire sauce, canola oil, garlic oil, oriental hot mustard, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: 20 Clove Brisket | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce; 2 tablespoons canola oil; 1 tablespoons garlic oil; 1 tablespoon oriental dry hot mustard; 1 tablespoon salt; 1 teaspoon black peppercorns; 20 cloves garlic; 2 (1 1/2-pound) cuts beef brisket; 6 (1/2-inch) thick onion slices; 2 cups beef broth (approximate); 2 cups Merlot red wine (approximate); 1 cup baby carrots; 1 stalk celery, chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 300 degrees F. In a large plastic bag add Worcestershire sauce, oils, dry hot mustard, salt, peppercorns and garlic. Mix and add brisket then seal making sure marinade covers all parts of the meat. Marinate for 2 hours. In a Dutch oven or roasting pan place 3 of the onion rings in a circle to form a trivet for the brisket (if using a roasting pan place all onion rings out in a single layer). Place the garlic in the spaces not occupied by the rings, then add one slab of brisket making sure to place it evenly on top of the rings. Add another layer of onion rings then the second s <END>
INPUT: puffs, water, Scant salt, all purpose flour, eggs
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pastry Puffs with Caviar | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup water; 1/2 stick (1/4 cup) unsalted butter, cut into small pieces; Scant 1/4 teaspoon salt; 1/2 cup all-purpose flour; 2 large eggs (raw); 1 hard-boiled large egg; 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh flat-leaf parsley; 2 1/2 oz caviar (about 75 g; preferably sevruga or osetra); Special equipment: a large pastry bag fitted with a 1/2-inch plain tip | INSTRUCTIONS: Put oven rack in middle position and preheat oven to 425°F. Butter a large baking sheet. Bring water, butter, and salt to a boil in a 1 1/2- to 2 1/2-quart heavy saucepan over high heat, stirring. Reduce heat to moderate. Add flour all at once and cook, beating with a wooden spoon until mixture pulls away from side of pan, about 45 seconds. Remove from heat and cool slightly, then add 2 raw eggs 1 at a time, beating well with wooden spoon after each addition. Transfer mixture to pastry bag and pipe 24 mounds (about 1 inch wide by 1 inch high) onto baking sheet, spacing them about 1 inch apart. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, caramel, flan, sugar, water, condensed milk, milk, key lime juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Caramel Key Lime Flan | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup sugar; 3 tablespoons water; 2 1/2 cups sweetened condensed milk; 1/2 cup milk; 1/4 cup key lime juice; 2 tablespoons key lime zest (lime can substituted); 1 teaspoon orange liqueur (recommended: Grand Marnier); 1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract; 4 whole eggs; 1 egg yolk; Pinch sea salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Special Equipment: 9-inch cake pan or molds Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Caramel: In a heavy-bottomed pan, bring the sugar and water to a boil over medium heat Stir with a wooden spoon, until a pale brown color develops. Remove from the heat, and let rest for 2 to 3 minutes, then pour into the cake pan, evenly coating the entire bottom. The caramel is extremely hot, so be careful when pouring it into the cake pan or molds. In a saucepan over medium-high heat, add the condensed milk, the milk, the lime juice and zest, orange liqueur, and vanilla. Simmer for 12 to 15 minutes, stirring thro <END>
INPUT: spiced, salad, honey, water, allspice, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Orange, Spiced Walnut and Dried Cranberry Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 tablespoons honey; 1 1/2 tablespoons water; 3/4 teaspoon ground allspice; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/4 teaspoon (generous) ground ginger; 1 cup walnut halves and pieces; 2 teaspoons sugar; 3/4 cup water; 3/4 cup cranberry juice cocktail; 1/2 cup dried cranberries; 8 oranges, peel and white pith removed, sliced into 1/2-inch-thick rounds, chilled; Fresh mint sprigs (optional) | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 325°F. Line baking sheet with parchment paper. Mix first 5 ingredients in large bowl to blend. Add nuts; toss to coat well. Strain nuts, reserving liquid. Transfer nuts to baking sheet. Sprinkle nuts with sugar. Bake until golden brown, about 17 minutes. Cool completely. Whisk 3/4 cup water, cranberry juice and reserved liquid from nuts in medium saucepan to blend. Stir in dried cranberries. Bring to boil. Reduce heat to medium-low and simmer until cranberries soften and liquid is reduced to thin syrup, about 20 minutes. (Can be made 3 days ahead. Store nuts airtight at room te <END>
INPUT: Canola oil, cremini mushrooms, thyme leaves, Kosher salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sauteed Mushrooms | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Canola oil, to coat pan; 1 pint cremini mushrooms, stems trimmed, cut into sixths; 2 teaspoons finely chopped fresh thyme leaves; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat the canola oil into a saute pan and saute the mushrooms until soft. Add the fresh thyme leaves and season with salt and pepper.; <END>
INPUT: sauce, butternut squash, piece ginger, balsamic vinegar, sugar, Vegetable oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Squash With Balsamic Sauce and Apples | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 large butternut squash (about 4 pounds), halved, and seeds and membranes removed; 1 piece ginger (about 1 inch), peeled and finely chopped; 1 cup balsamic vinegar; 2 tablespoons brown sugar; Vegetable oil cooking spray; 2 Gala or Golden Delicious apples, cored and thinly sliced; ¼ cup dried cherries, chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat oven to 400°F. Slice a small piece off the skin side of each squash half, so halves sit flat. Microwave on high in a covered bowl until flesh begins to soften, 2 minutes. Gently simmer ginger, vinegar and sugar in a small saucepan over medium-low heat until liquid decreases by 1/3, 8 to 10 minutes. Remove from heat and set aside. Line 2 large baking sheets with foil and coat with cooking spray. Place squash halves skin side down on baking sheets. Arrange apple slices in cavity of each half. Bake until apples soften, 25 minutes. Remove squash from oven, drizzle with balsamic sauce, return  <END>
INPUT: Mexican, pizza, flour tortillas, roma tomatoes, fajitas, Jack cheese, lime juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tortilla Pizza | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2 flour tortillas; 2 roma tomatoes, sliced; 2 fajitas, leftover from Fajita Skewers, recipe follows; 1/2 cup shredded Jack cheese; 1/4 cup lime juice; 1 tablespoon chopped garlic; 1 tablespoon hot sauce; 1 tablespoon canola oil; 1 tablespoon chili powder; Kosher salt; Freshly ground black pepper; 2 green peppers; 2 medium onions; 1 1/2 pounds top round; 1 cup sour cream, to serve | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Special equipment: 8 wooden or medal skewers (for Fajita Skewers) Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Put the tortillas on 2 baking sheets. Top each tortilla with the sliced tomatoes. Divide the beef and vegetables from the leftover Fajita Skewers over the tortillas. Sprinkle the cheese evenly over the top and bake in the oven until the cheese is melted and golden and the tortillas are crispy, about 10 minutes. Transfer to serving dishes and serve. In a large resealable bag, mix together the lime juice, garlic, hot sauce, canola oil and chili powder. Season with s <END>
INPUT: place, dark, wide variety seasonal, chocolate sauce, caramel sauce, cayenne pepper, cinnamon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fresh Fruit Place with Dark Chocolate and Caramel Sauces | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: A wide variety of seasonal fruits will work well in this dish; 1/2 cup store bought chocolate sauce; 1/2 cup store bought caramel sauce; 1/2 pinch cayenne pepper; 1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1 tablespoon fresh lemon zest; 1 1/2 cups sliced apples; 1 1/2 cups sliced pears; 1 1/2 cups sliced figs; 1 1/2 cups sliced bananas; 1 1/2 cups strawberries | INSTRUCTIONS: In 2 microwave-safe bowls, warm the sauces for 12 seconds or the package directions for warming. Add the cayenne and cinnamon to the chocolate sauce and stir well. Add the lemon zest and stir well to evenly combine. Divide the fruits between 2 plates and serve with the sauces. <END>
INPUT: olive oil, lentils, garlic, bay leaves, water
OUTPUT: TITLE: Braised Lentils with Cipollini Onions | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 to 3 tablespoons olive oil; 1 pound brown or green lentils, rinsed; 3 cloves garlic, peeled; 3 bay leaves, fresh or dried; 4 cups water; Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper; 12 cipollini or pearl onions, stemmed and peeled; 1/4 cup duck fat; 1/4 to 1/2 cup champagne vinegar, if desired | INSTRUCTIONS: Coat a large high-sided saute pan over medium-high heat, with the olive oil. Add the lentils, garlic cloves and bay leaves with 4 cups water or just enough to cover. Bring the water to a simmer and lower the heat. Simmer the lentils, uncovered, until they are tender, about 25 to 30 minutes. (Chef's Note: If you need to add more water for the lentils to finish cooking, add a little at a time. There will be more flavor in the lentils if you cook them and end up with very little liquid at the end of the process. The flavor will be in the lentils instead of down the drain with the discarded cookin <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, honey, water, rosemary leaves, peppercorns, feta cheese
OUTPUT: TITLE: Feta with Rosemary Pepper Honey | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup honey; 1/4 cup water; 2 teaspoons chopped fresh rosemary leaves; 1 teaspoon black peppercorns, cracked coarse; 1 pound feta cheese, rinsed and patted dry | INSTRUCTIONS: In a small saucepan combine honey, water, rosemary, and peppercorns and simmer, swirling pan occasionally, until reduced to about 1/2 cup. Cool honey to room temperature. Cut feta into thin slices and serve drizzled with honey. In a small saucepan combine honey, water, rosemary, and peppercorns and simmer, swirling pan occasionally, until reduced to about 1/2 cup. Cool honey to room temperature. Cut feta into thin slices and serve drizzled with honey. <END>
INPUT: goddess, dressing, mayonnaise, flat leaf parsley, chives, scallion greens, anchovy paste
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tomatoes with Green Goddess Dressing | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup mayonnaise; 1/2 cup chopped fresh flat-leaf parsley; 1/4 cup chopped fresh chives; 2 tablespoons chopped scallion greens; 1 1/2 teaspoons anchovy paste; 1 teaspoon white-wine vinegar; 1/4 teaspoon minced garlic; 2 lb medium tomatoes, cut into wedges | INSTRUCTIONS: Purée all ingredients except tomatoes in a food processor until pale green and smooth. Transfer to a bowl and thin with water if desired. Season tomatoes with salt and pepper and drizzle with dressing. Purée all ingredients except tomatoes in a food processor until pale green and smooth. Transfer to a bowl and thin with water if desired. Season tomatoes with salt and pepper and drizzle with dressing. <END>
INPUT: twice, sweet potatoes, heavy cream, chipotle peppers adobo, unsalted butter, creme fraiche
OUTPUT: TITLE: Twice-Baked Sweet Potatoes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 large sweet potatoes, scrubbed; 1 1/2 cups heavy cream; 1 tablespoon chipotle peppers in adobo, pureed; 1 stick unsalted butter, softened; 1/4 cup creme fraiche; 1/2 cup maple syrup, plus 2 tablespoons; Salt and freshly ground pepper; Nonstick cooking spray | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat oven to 375 degrees F. Place potatoes on a baking sheet and bake in the oven until soft, 45 to 50 minutes. Remove the potatoes from the oven and let rest 5 minutes. Slice potatoes in half lengthwise and carefully scoop out the flesh, being careful not to damage the skin. Rice the flesh in a ricer set over a bowl. Bring the heavy cream and chipotle puree to a simmer over low heat in a small saucepan. Stir the warm cream, butter, creme fraiche and 1/2 cup of the maple syrup into the sweet potato mixture until combined. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. <END>
INPUT: soup, potatoes, Salt, onions, rendered bacon fat, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Kielbasa and Cabbage Soup | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 large red potatoes; Salt; 2 medium onions, chopped; 2 tablespoons rendered bacon fat, lard, or butter; 3 large garlic cloves, finely chopped; 3 1/2 cups beef stock or low-sodium broth; 14 ounces smoked kielbasa, halved lengthwise and cut into 3/4" pieces; 1 pound savoy cabbage (about 1/2 medium), chopped; 3 medium carrots, halved lengthwise and cut into 1/2" pieces; 2 celery stalks, halved lengthwise and cut into 1/2" pieces; Sour cream; Chopped dill | INSTRUCTIONS: Generously cover potatoes with water in a large saucepan and season well with salt. Bring to a boil, partially covered, then reduce heat and simmer until tender, 30-40 minutes. Drain and cool until warm, then peel. Keep warm, covered. Cook onions in fat with 1/4 teaspoon salt in a heavy 5-6-quart pot over medium-low heat, covered, stirring occasionally, until beginning to brown. Add garlic and cook, stirring, 1 minute. Add stock, 1 1/2 cups water, kielbasa, cabbage, carrots, and celery and simmer, partially covered, until vegetables are tender, 15-20 minutes. Halve or quarter potatoes and put  <END>
INPUT: reduction, onion, celery, carrots, garlic, olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Red-Wine Reduction | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 large onion, chopped; 2 small celery ribs, chopped; 2 carrots, chopped; 3 garlic cloves, chopped; 1 1/2 tablespoons olive oil; 1 1/2 (750-ml) bottles dry red wine (4 1/2 cups); 1 (750-ml) bottle Ruby Port wine (3 cups) | INSTRUCTIONS: Sauté onion, celery, carrots, and garlic in oil in a 6-quart heavy pot over moderately high heat, stirring, until golden, about 10 minutes. Add wines and simmer, stirring occasionally, until mixture is reduced to 1 quart, about 1 hour. Pour through a sieve into a saucepan and simmer until reduced to 2 cups. Reheat reduction and season with salt and pepper before using. Sauté onion, celery, carrots, and garlic in oil in a 6-quart heavy pot over moderately high heat, stirring, until golden, about 10 minutes. Add wines and simmer, stirring occasionally, until mixture is reduced to 1 quart, about  <END>
INPUT: salad, eyed peas, water, onion, bay leaf, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Black-Eyed Pea and Pumpkin Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup dried black-eyed peas; 4 cups water; 1/2 medium onion; 1 bay leaf; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1 1/2 cups 1/2-inch cubes seeded peeled sugar pumpkin or butternut squash (about 6 ounces); 3 tablespoons water; 1 tablespoon olive oil; 1 small garlic clove, minced; 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1 1/2 tablespoons fresh lime juice; 1 cup thinly sliced red onion; 1/4 cup chopped green bell pepper; 1/4 cup chopped seeded peeled cucumber; 1 plum tomato, seeded, chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: For peas: Place peas in large saucepan. Add enough water to cover by 3 inches. Let peas soak 2 hours. Drain peas; return to same pan. Add 4 cups water, onion, bay leaf, and salt. Bring to boil; reduce heat to medium, cover partially, and simmer until peas are tender, about 30 minutes. Discard onion and bay leaf. Drain. Transfer peas to rimmed baking sheet to cool. (Can be prepared 1 day ahead. Cover and refrigerate.) Place peas in large saucepan. Add enough water to cover by 3 inches. Let peas soak 2 hours. Drain peas; return to same pan. Add 4 cups water, onion, bay leaf, and salt. Bring to b <END>
INPUT: meuniere, browned, Salt pepper, clarified butter, flour, parsley
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sole Meuniere with Browned Butter Caper Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 (8 ounces) sole fillets; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 4 tablespoons clarified butter; 1 cup flour; 4 tablespoons finely chopped parsley; 4 tablespoons fresh butter; 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 2 tablespoons drained brined capers, minced; Lemon slices, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Season fillets with salt and pepper. Heat 2 tablespoons clarified butter in each of 2 large saute pans. Dredge fillets in flour, shaking off any excess flour. Place fillets in saute pans and cook over medium heat for 2 to 3 minutes per side, until golden brown and crispy. Remove fillets from pans and transfer on to a platter, sprinkle with parsley. Cover with foil. Remove remaining butter from one of the skillets and add the fresh butter. Heat until the butter begins to brown. Remove from heat and stir in lemon juice and capers. Pour sauce over fish and serve. Garnish with lemon slices. <END>
INPUT: bombe, Coconut ice cream, Caramel mou, Parfait au Rhum, Nougatine, Banana sorbet
OUTPUT: TITLE: Coconut Bombe | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Coconut ice cream, recipe follows; Caramel mou, recipe follows; Parfait au Rhum, recipe follows; Nougatine, recipe follows; Banana sorbet, recipe follows; Macaron chocolat, recipe follows; Vernis, recipe follows; Pinch stabilizer; 3/4 cup sugar; 3 1/2 cups coconut puree; 1 1/2 cups milk; 4 egg yolks; 3/4 cup sugar; 1/4 cup glucose; 2 1/4 cups heavy cream | INSTRUCTIONS: Assembly: Line 2 (6-inch) dome molds with 3/4-inch coconut ice cream. Freeze until firm. Add 7 ounces caramel mou or 3/4-inch. Return to freezer until firm. Add 10 ounces rum parfait or 1 1/2-inch. Return to freezer until firm. Add 3/4-cup of nougatine. Fill with banana sorbet and top with macaron. Return to freezer until firm. Unmold and spray with vernis. Mix stabilizer and sugar together. Place all ingredients in a saucepan and cook until temperature reaches 180 degrees F. Strain and cool over an ice bath. Process immediately in an ice cream freezer. Store covered in freezer until needed. I <END>
INPUT: fish, salad, light mayonnaise, lemon zest juice, Kosher salt pepper, panko breadcrumbs
OUTPUT: TITLE: Baked Fish with Apple-Beet Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Nonstick cooking spray; 1/4 cup light mayonnaise; 1/2 teaspoon grated lemon zest and the juice of 1 lemon, plus wedges for serving; Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper; 1 cup panko breadcrumbs; 1/4 cup finely chopped fresh parsley; 2 tablespoons capers, finely chopped; 4 skin-on ocean perch or tilapia fillets (about 6 ounces each); 1 teaspoon dijon mustard; 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 6 cups mesclun greens (about 5 ounces); 1 8.8-ounce package peeled cooked beets, quartered (about 1 1/2 cups); 1 Persian cucumber, thinly sliced; 1 Granny Smith apple, thinly sliced | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F and set a wire rack on a rimmed baking sheet; coat the rack with cooking spray. Combine the mayonnaise, lemon zest and 1 tablespoon lemon juice in a shallow dish; season with salt and pepper. Combine the panko, parsley and capers in another shallow dish; season with salt and pepper. Pat the fish dry with paper towels. Dip the fish in the mayonnaise mixture, flesh-side down, then dredge in the panko mixture, pressing to coat. Transfer to the prepared rack, crumb-side up. Coat the fish with cooking spray. Bake until golden and crisp, about 15 minutes. Meanwhile, <END>
INPUT: truffles, bittersweet chocolate truffle, thyme leaves, Meyer lemon juice, Meyer lemon peel, cocoa nibs
OUTPUT: TITLE: Meyer Lemon and Thyme Truffles | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: bittersweet chocolate truffle base; 1 1/2 teaspoons fresh thyme leaves; 1 1/2 tablespoons fresh Meyer lemon juice; 1 teaspoon finely chopped Meyer lemon peel (yellow part only); cocoa nibs*; *Bits of roasted shelled cocoa bits; available at specialty foods stores and at chefshop.com | INSTRUCTIONS: Follow recipe for bittersweet chocolate truffle base , adding fresh thyme leaves to simmering cream. Remove from heat and let steep 20 minutes (do not strain). Stir in lemon juice and peel. Mix into melted chocolate. Chill truffle base and form truffles. Drop each freshly coated truffle (or just–formed, uncoated truffle) into bowl of cocoa nibs and turn to coat. Follow recipe for bittersweet chocolate truffle base , adding fresh thyme leaves to simmering cream. Remove from heat and let steep 20 minutes (do not strain). Stir in lemon juice and peel. Mix into melted chocolate. Chill truffle base <END>
INPUT: Italian, pasta, eggs, unbleached all purpose, olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fresh Egg Pasta | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 4 extra large eggs; 3 1/2 cups unbleached all-purpose flour plus 1/2 cup; 1/2 teaspoon olive oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Make a mound of the flour in the center of a large wooden cutting board. Make a well in the middle of the flour and add the eggs, oil and any other flavoring you choose. Using a fork, beat together the eggs, oil and flavorings and begin to incorporate the flour starting with the inner rim of the well. As you expand the well, keep pushing the flour up to retain the well shape. Do not worry that this initial phase looks messy. The dough will come together when 1/2 of the flour is incorporated. Start kneading the dough with both hands, using the palms of your hands primarily. Once you have a cohe <END>
INPUT: brandade, venison, garlic, onion, rosemary leaves, Salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Venison Potatoes Brandade | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound ground venison; 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped; 1 medium onion, finely chopped; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh rosemary leaves; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 1/2 pounds potatoes, peeled (5 or 6 medium potatoes); 1/2 cup butter; 1/2 cup grated Parmesan; 2 tablespoons fresh chives, chopped; 1 cup all-purpose flour, to coat; 3 to 4 eggs, for breading; 1 or 2 tablespoons milk, as needed to mix with eggs, for breading; 1 cup fine bread crumbs, to coat; Oil, for frying | INSTRUCTIONS: In a hot saute pan, brown venison with garlic, onions and rosemary. Drain extra juices off, season with salt and pepper, to taste, and set aside to let cool. Boil potatoes, drain well, and mash with butter. (You want them to be "tight" mashed potatoes.) Add Parmesan and chives to potatoes and let cool. Combine the venison with the potatoes. When mixture is cool enough to handle, you can shape with a mold (such as a 2-inch cookie cutter), or make patties, logs, or small spheres. Bread the brandade in a 3 step process: roll in flour, then dip in egg mixed with milk, then coat with bread crumbs.  <END>
INPUT: American, philly, steak, Grade top round, Salt pepper, Maui onions any, hero rolls
OUTPUT: TITLE: Philly Cheese Steak with Maui Onion and Cheese Whiz | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 16 ounces Grade A top round, sliced very thinly; Salt and pepper; 2 Maui onions or any sweet onion; 1 (6-ounce) jar Cheese Whiz; 4 hero rolls | INSTRUCTIONS: Begin by cooking the meat on a griddle or in a large skillet until browned. Season with salt and pepper. Saute the onions in the same skillet until caramelized and browned, about 10 minutes. Heat the cheese whiz in the microwave. To serve, slice the rolls, place the meat in the roll, top with the caramelized onions, and spread the cheese whiz on top. This recipe was provided by professional chefs and has been scaled down from a bulk recipe provided by a restaurant. The FN chefs have not tested this recipe, in the proportions indicated, and therefore, we cannot make any representation as to the <END>
INPUT: French, salad, barbecued, Dijon mustard, tarragon leaves, sugar, sherry wine vinegar, Salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Watercress and Radicchio Salad with Barbecued Chicken Breast | CUISINE: French | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard; 1 teaspoon finely chopped fresh tarragon leaves; Pinch sugar; 1 tablespoon sherry wine vinegar; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 15 cloves garlic, peeled, plus 1 tablespoon roughly chopped garlic; 3 small whole chicken breasts, boneless, skin-on; 1/4 cup fresh Italian parsley leaves; 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, plus 3 tablespoons; 1 shallot, finely chopped; 1/2 pound mushrooms, such as shiitake, oyster, or cremini, cleaned and quartered; 3 bunches watercress, cleaned; 1 head radicchio, nice outer leaves saved whole, rest chopped into 1/2-inch pieces | INSTRUCTIONS: Make the mustard vinaigrette: In a bowl, combine mustard, tarragon, sugar, vinegar, salt, and pepper and whisk well. While whisking, slowly drizzle in the oil. Drizzle until the oil is incorporated into the dressing. Season, to taste, with salt and pepper. Set aside. Preheat a grill or grill pan. Bring a small saucepan of water to a boil. Add the whole garlic cloves and blanch for 1 1/2 minutes. Drain and thinly slice. Set aside. Using your fingers, gently separate the skin from the chicken breasts, making a pocket. Be sure to keep the skin attached to the chicken breast. Place a few blanched  <END>
INPUT: soup, vegetable oil, onion, garlic, low salt chicken
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cauliflower Soup with Seared Scallops, Lemon Oil, and American Caviar | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons vegetable oil, divided; 1 cup chopped white onion; 1 garlic clove, sliced; 3 3/4 cups (1/2- to 3/4-inch pieces cauliflower (from 1 large head); 1 1/2 cups low-salt chicken broth; 1 1/2 cups whipping cream; Coarse kosher salt; Freshly ground white pepper; 1 leek (white and pale green parts only), cut into 1/8-inch-thick rounds; 6 sea scallops, patted dry; 1 (30-gm) jar American white sturgeon caviar (about 1 ounce); 6 teaspoons purchased lemon-infused grapeseed oil; Finely chopped fresh chives | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat 2 tablespoons oil in heavy large saucepan over medium heat. Add onion and garlic. Sauté until onion is soft, about 5 minutes. Add cauliflower, broth, and cream. Bring soup to boil. Reduce heat to low, partially cover, and simmer gently until cauliflower is tender, about 18 minutes. Puree soup in small batches in blender until smooth. Return to same saucepan. Season soup with kosher salt and white pepper. Do ahead Can be made 1 day ahead. Cool slightly. Cover and chill. Rewarm before serving. Blanch leek in small saucepan of boiling salted water 1 minute; drain. Place some of leek in cente <END>
INPUT: frozen, cocktail, light rum, papaya, passion fruit purée, superfine granulated sugar, ice cubes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Frozen Papaya and Passion-Fruit Rum Cocktail | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup light rum; 4 1/2 cups chopped peeled papaya (2 pounds); 1 cup thawed passion-fruit purée; 2/3 cup superfine granulated sugar, or to taste; 4 cups ice cubes | INSTRUCTIONS: Blend rum, papaya, passion fruit, sugar, and ice in 2 batches in a blender until smooth. Serve immediately. Blend rum, papaya, passion fruit, sugar, and ice in 2 batches in a blender until smooth. Serve immediately. <END>
INPUT: cookies, all purpose flour, Anson Mills fife, baking powder, baking soda, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Red Fife and Pumpkin Seed Cookies | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup all-purpose flour; 2 cups Anson Mills red fife flour; 1 teaspoon baking powder; 1/2 teaspoon baking soda; 2 teaspoons salt; Grated zest of 1 lemon; 8 ounces (2 sticks) unsalted butter, softened; 2 cups granulated sugar; 2 large eggs; 1 1/2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract; 1/2 cup pumpkin seeds; Confectioners' sugar for sprinkling | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 325°F. Line four half-sheet pans with parchment paper. Combine the all-purpose flour, red fife flour, baking powder, baking soda, salt, and lemon zest in a medium bowl, and set aside. In the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, cream the butter and sugar. Combine the eggs with the vanilla and add slowly to the creamed batter. With a silicone spatula, fold in the flour mixture and mix just until combined. Using a tablespoon-size ice-cream scoop, drop the batter onto the prepared pans, spacing the cookies 2 inches apart. (They are very buttery and will run <END>
INPUT: chèvre other goat, figs, balsamic vinegar, muscovado sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chèvre with Candied Figs | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 pound chèvre or other goat cheese; 4 fresh figs or 1/2 cup dried; 1/4 cup of balsamic vinegar; 3 tbsp of brown muscovado sugar, or brown sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. Slice the chèvre log, and place on an oven pan. Cut the figs into rounds. 2. Pour the balsamic vinegar and sugar into a small pot, and bring it to a boil. Lower the heat and let it simmer until the mixture is reduced and sticks to the back of a spoon. 3. If you are using dried figs, place them in the vinegar mixture and let them absorb some of the fluid while the mixture cools. 4. Heat the chèvre cheese slices quickly by using your oven's broiler function for about 3 minutes, or until the cheese has slightly started to melt. Place the cheese on a serving plate, and top it with the candied f <END>
INPUT: Asian, custard, shrimp, Virginia ham, salt, pepper, eggs
OUTPUT: TITLE: Steamed Egg Custard | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 pound medium raw shrimp, shelled, deveined and diced; 2 tablespoons chopped Virginia ham; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/4 teaspoon white pepper; 4 eggs, lightly beaten; 1 1/4 cups water; 1 tablespoon chopped green onion; 2 teaspoons soy sauce; 1 teaspoon sesame oil; 1/2 teaspoon hot pepper sauce | INSTRUCTIONS: In a bowl, combine shrimp, ham, salt, white pepper and mix well. Combine eggs and butter in another bowl. Combine dressing ingredients in a small bowl. Pour shrimp mixture and egg mixture into a heatproof glass pie dish and cover with another heatproof glass pie dish. Prepare a wok for steaming (wok should have 2 inches of simmering water in it) and place the pie dish in the wok, cover and steam over a medium heat for 15 minutes. Spoon dressing on top and serve. <END>
INPUT: Italian, chicken, parmesan, Kosher salt, mozzarella curd, olive oil, Spanish onion, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken Parmesan | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: Kosher salt; 8 ounces fresh mozzarella curd; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1 small Spanish onion, finely diced; 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped; Pinch of red pepper flakes; One 28-ounce can crushed tomatoes; 1 teaspoon finely chopped fresh oregano, optional; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; Pinch of sugar, if needed; 3 tablespoons chopped fresh basil; 2 cups breadcrumbs; 2 cups all-purpose flour, for dredging; 4 large eggs, beaten; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: For the fresh mozzarella: Prepare a bowl of salted warm water and a separate bowl of salted ice water. In the salted warm water, soften the mozzarella curd and pull and shape into a ball. Drop into the salted ice bath to cool. Set aside and pat dry. Slice and let dry on a paper-towel-lined plate. For the tomato sauce: Heat the oil in a medium saucepan over medium heat. Add the onions and cook until soft, about 4 minutes. Add the garlic and red pepper flakes and cook for 30 seconds. Increase the heat to high and add the tomatoes and oregano if using. Season with salt and pepper. Cook, stirring  <END>
INPUT: butter, lemons, rosemary, Salt pepper, roaster chicken
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roast Chicken | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 stick butter, softened; 2 whole lemons, zested; 4 sprigs fresh rosemary; Salt and pepper; 1 whole roaster chicken, rinsed and patted dry | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Line a baking tray with foil. Place the softened butter in a bowl with the lemon zest. Strip the leaves from 1 sprig of rosemary, finely chop and add along with some salt and pepper. Mix everything together. Lay the chicken on the foil-lined baking tray, breast-side up. Use your fingers to smear the butter mixture all over the chicken, under the skin and inside the cavity. Squeeze the juice of 1 of the lemons over the chicken, and then place the 4 lemon halves (if they fit!) inside the cavity of the chicken along with the 3 whol <END>
INPUT: American, sauce, unsalted butter, all purpose flour, milk, heavy cream, Gruyère Swiss cheese
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fried Eggs, Prosciutto, and Arugula with Cheese Sauce | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon unsalted butter; 1 tablespoon all-purpose flour; 1 cup whole milk; 1 tablespoon heavy cream; 1/2 cup coarsely grated Gruyère or Swiss cheese (about 2 ounces); a small pinch freshly grated nutmeg; 2 English muffins; 1 teaspoon olive oil; 3 cups packed trimmed arugula; 4 thin slices prosciutto; 1 tablespoon unsalted butter; 4 large eggs | INSTRUCTIONS: Make sauce: In a small saucepan heat butter over moderately low heat until foam subsides and stir in flour. Cook roux, stirring constantly, 2 minutes. Add milk and cream in a stream, whisking, and simmer, whisking, 2 minutes, or until sauce thickens slightly. Remove pan from heat and stir in cheese, nutmeg, and salt and pepper to taste until cheese is melted. Keep sauce warm, covered, over very low heat. In a small saucepan heat butter over moderately low heat until foam subsides and stir in flour. Cook roux, stirring constantly, 2 minutes. Add milk and cream in a stream, whisking, and simmer, <END>
INPUT: salad, lime, tomatoes, onion, bell pepper, mango
OUTPUT: TITLE: Red and Green Bean Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 lime; 2 large ripe tomatoes, seeds removed and diced small; 1 small red onion, chopped; 1 red bell pepper, stem and seeds removed and diced small; 1 ripe mango, peeled, pitted and coarsely chopped; 1/4 cup chopped flat-leaf parsley; 1 serrano pepper, seeds and stems removed and minced (use gloves and protect your eyes and nose when handling all hot peppers); 1 medium clove garlic, minced; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 1/8 teaspoon black pepper; 2 pounds fresh green beans, trimmed and cut into 1-inch pieces; 10 fresh radishes, thinly sliced; 2 large ripe tomatoes, cut into wedges; 1 red onion, medium dice; 1/4 cup rice wine vinegar | INSTRUCTIONS: Microwave lime in a small bowl for about 30 seconds to release essential oils, and set aside until it is just cool enough to handle. Prepare salsa by combining tomatoes, onion, bell pepper, mango, parsley, serrano pepper, and garlic. When the lime is just cooled down enough to handle, cut it in half, remove any seeds and squeeze the lime juice into the salsa. Season with salt and pepper, stir to combine and set aside. Blanch the green beans for about 2 minutes in salted water, drain and let cool. Prepare the dressing. Through the feed opening of a running blender add, 1 at a time, rice wine vi <END>
INPUT: loosely rosemary leaves, loosely garlic, balsamic vinegar, soy sauce, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Leg-O-Lamb with Rosemary Au Jus | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/3 cup loosely packed fresh rosemary leaves, about 3 (6-inch) sprigs, plus 4 fresh rosemary sprigs outside of lamb; 1/2 cup peeled and loosely packed chopped garlic; 1/2 cup balsamic vinegar; 1/2 cup soy sauce; 2 tablespoons freshly cracked black pepper, plus for seasoning; 3 limes, zested and juiced, about 1/2 cup juice; 1 (4 pound) boneless lamb leg; 4 to 6 pieces bacon, preferably apple wood smoked; 1 cup chicken stock; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1/4 cup dry vermouth | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. In a food processor or blender, add the rosemary, garlic, balsamic and soy. Pulse several times to combine, then add the black pepper and the lime juice. Pulse, then stir in the lime zest. Trim the fat and sinew from the lamb leg. Put it in a resealable gallon plastic bag and pour in the in the marinade. Refrigerate for 12 to 24 hours. Strain and reserve the marinade. Preheat the oven or indirect grill to 325 degrees F. With kitchen twine, tie the leg into an evenly shaped roast. Weave the bacon strips into the kitchen twine, along with the rosemary. Put the lamb <END>
INPUT: Italian, parmesan, broccoli, virgin olive oil, Parmigiano Reggiano
OUTPUT: TITLE: Steamed Broccoli with Olive Oil and Parmesan | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 pound broccoli (1 large bunch), tough stems discarded; 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1 1/2 ounce finely grated Parmigiano-Reggiano (3/4 cup) | INSTRUCTIONS: Cut broccoli into 1 1/2- to 2-inch-wide florets. Peel stem and cut lengthwise into 1/3-inch-wide sticks. Steam broccoli in a steamer rack set over boiling water, covered, until tender, 5 to 6 minutes. Transfer to a bowl and toss with oil, cheese, and salt and pepper to taste. Cut broccoli into 1 1/2- to 2-inch-wide florets. Peel stem and cut lengthwise into 1/3-inch-wide sticks. Steam broccoli in a steamer rack set over boiling water, covered, until tender, 5 to 6 minutes. Transfer to a bowl and toss with oil, cheese, and salt and pepper to taste. <END>
INPUT: Italian, relish, Kalamata other brine, onion, oregano leaves, virgin olive oil, pepper taste
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Strip Steaks with Olive-Oregano Relish | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1/3 cup drained Kalamata or other brine-cured black olives; 2 tablespoons finely chopped red onion; 2 teaspoons minced fresh oregano leaves; 2 teaspoons extra-virgin olive oil; freshly ground black pepper to taste; two 3/4-inch-thick boneless beef loin (strip) or rib-eye steaks (each about 1/2 pound) | INSTRUCTIONS: Prepare grill. Pit olives and coarsely chop. In a bowl stir together olives, onion, oregano, oil, pepper, and salt to taste. Pat steaks dry and season with salt and pepper. Grill steaks on an oiled rack set 5 to 6 inches over glowing coals about 4 minutes on each side for medium-rare. (Alternatively, grill steaks in a hot oiled well-seasoned ridged grill pan over moderately high heat.) Serve steaks topped with relish. Prepare grill. Pit olives and coarsely chop. In a bowl stir together olives, onion, oregano, oil, pepper, and salt to taste. Pat steaks dry and season with salt and pepper. Grill <END>
INPUT: Indian, plum tomatoes, kuri, virgin olive oil, Salt pepper, nutmeg
OUTPUT: TITLE: Eggplant and Squash Curry | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 3 to 4 plum tomatoes OR 1 (14-ounce) can diced tomatoes or stewed tomatoes; 1 to 1 1/4 pounds peeled kuri, pumpkin or butternut squash, cut into bite-size pieces; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, plus more for drizzling; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; Freshly grated nutmeg; 3 mild red frying peppers or 2 small red bell peppers, seeded and quartered lengthwise then thinly sliced; 2 small onions or 1 large, quartered lengthwise and thinly sliced; 4 cloves garlic, sliced; 1 (1-inch) piece fresh gingerroot, peeled and grated; 1 small firm eggplant, diced into bite-size pieces (1 to 1 1/4 pounds); 2 tablespoons West Indian curry powder* (a couple of scant palmfuls); 1 tablespoon chile powder (a palmful); 1 teaspoon ground cardamom (1/3 palmful); 1/2 cup mango chutney, plus some more to pass at table; 2 cups chicken stock | INSTRUCTIONS: For fresh tomatoes: Score the skins with a sharp knife in an X on the bottom of each tomato. Place the tomatoes in boiling water for 30 seconds, then transfer to ice water bath to cool. Peel, halve, and slice tomatoes, and reserve. Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Toss the squash with a drizzle of extra-virgin olive oil and season with salt, pepper, and nutmeg. Arrange the squash on a baking sheet and roast 25 to 30 minutes, until tender and brown at edges. Heat 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil in a large skillet with tight fitting lid. Add the peppers, onions, garlic, ginger, and season <END>
INPUT: crunchy, salad, julienned kale, julienned radicchio, virgin olive oil, lemon, Pecorino Romano
OUTPUT: TITLE: Crunchy Kale Salad with Walnuts and Pecorino | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 cups finely julienned kale, cleaned and stems removed; 2 cups finely julienned radicchio, cleaned and core removed; 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 1 lemon, juiced and 1 teaspoon zest; 1/2 cup shaved Pecorino Romano, plus extra for garnish; 1/4 cup dried currants; 2 tablespoons finely sliced fresh basil; Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper; 1/2 cup toasted walnuts | INSTRUCTIONS: Toss the kale and radicchio with about half of the oil, lemon juice and zest in a large glass mixing bowl. Let stand about 2 minutes. Add the Pecorino, currants, basil and the remaining oil, lemon juice and zest. Thoroughly mix. Season with salt and pepper. Set aside. Fold in the walnuts just before serving and top the salad with a pile of Pecorino. <END>
INPUT: macaroon, sandwiches, heavy cream, sugar, lemon zest, egg yolks, lemon juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Coconut-Macaroon and Lemon Ice Cream Sandwiches | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups heavy cream; 1 cup sugar, divided; 1 teaspoon grated lemon zest; 4 large egg yolks; 6 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 4 large egg whites; 1/4 cup sugar; 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract; 1/8 teaspoon salt; 1 (7-ounce) package sweetened flaked coconut (2 2/3 cups); Equipment: an ice cream maker; a 3-inch round cookie cutter (without handle) or an entremet (pastry) ring | INSTRUCTIONS: Make ice cream: Bring cream, 1/2 cup sugar, and zest to a simmer in a heavy medium saucepan over medium heat, stirring until sugar is dissolved. Whisk together yolks and remaining cup sugar in a bowl, then slowly add cream mixture, whisking to combine. Return mixture to saucepan and cook over medium heat, stirring constantly with a wooden spatula, until custard is thickened slightly and registers 175°F on an instant-read thermometer (do not let boil). Immediately strain thourough a fine-mesh sieve into a metal bowl and quick-chill by setting bowl in a larger bowl of ice and cold water and stir <END>
INPUT: Asian, cooler, rhubarb, water, sugar, ginger, sparkling water
OUTPUT: TITLE: Rhubarb Ginger Cooler | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 lb fresh rhubarb stalks, cut into 1/2-inch pieces (10 cups); 2 1/2 cups cold water; 1 3/4 cups sugar; 3 tablespoons coarsely chopped peeled fresh ginger; About 2 cups sparkling water | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring rhubarb, cold water, sugar, and ginger to a simmer in a 4- to 5-quart pot over moderate heat, uncovered, stirring once or twice, then simmer 1 minute. Remove from heat and let steep, uncovered, 1 hour. Pour mixture through a large fine-mesh sieve into a large bowl, gently stirring but not pressing on solids (discard solids; you will have about 6 cups syrup). Chill syrup completely, about 45 minutes. Serve syrup in glasses over ice with a splash of sparkling water. Bring rhubarb, cold water, sugar, and ginger to a simmer in a 4- to 5-quart pot over moderate heat, uncovered, stirring once  <END>
INPUT: spiced, oranges, unsalted butter, cinnamon, Cayenne pepper, Kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Oranges in Spiced Honey | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 oranges; 4 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1 small cinnamon stick; Cayenne pepper; Kosher salt; 3 tablespoons honey; Serving suggestion: toasted waffles, pancakes or French toast | INSTRUCTIONS: Zest one of the oranges and set the zest aside. Working with one orange at a time, cut a 1/4 inch off of the bottom and top of an orange. Stand the fruit cut-side down on a cutting board, and working from top to bottom, cut away the peel and pith. Working over a bowl, cradle the orange in one hand and cut along both sides of each membrane through to the center, releasing the segments into the bowl. (If you can't get whole segments, that's okay.) Squeeze the remaining membrane over a second bowl to release any juices; add the juices that have collected with the orange segments. Repeat with the  <END>
INPUT: Asian, ramen, sesame oil, shiitake mushrooms, garlic, piece ginger, jalapeno chile
OUTPUT: TITLE: Ramen Noodles with Kale | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon sesame oil; 5 ounces shiitake mushrooms, stems removed, thinly sliced; 4 garlic cloves, minced; One 1- inch piece ginger, peeled and minced; 1 jalapeno chile, finely minced (seeds removed if you like it less spicy); 1/2 teaspoon Chinese five-spice powder; One 10- ounce package Japanese curly noodles or chuka soba; 1 cup low- sodium vegetable broth; 4 cups chopped kale; 1 tablespoon unsalted butter; 2 scallions, chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the sesame oil and mushrooms and cook for 1 to 2 minutes, stirring once or twice, until the mushrooms start to soften, adding 1 tablespoon of water if they begin to stick. Add the garlic, ginger, and chile and reduce the heat to medium. Cook for another 1 to 2 minutes, until the mushrooms are softened and the garlic is fragrant. Sprinkle in the five-spice powder and stir to coat. Add the noodles and vegetable broth. Cover, reduce the heat, and simmer for 4 to 5 minutes, until the noodles are tender. Add the kale and butter and cook for 1 to 2 minu <END>
INPUT: Italian, garlic, onion, olive oil, tomatoes, wine
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spinach Ricotta Gnocchi | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 garlic clove, minced; 1/3 cup finely chopped onion; 1 tablespoon olive oil; A 14- to 16-ounce can whole tomatoes, drained, reserving juice, and chopped; 1/4 cup dry red wine; A 10-ounce package frozen chopped spinach; 1 cup whole-milk ricotta; 2/3 cup freshly grated Parmesan; 1 large egg yolk; 2 tablespoons all-purpose flour plus additional for forming gnocchi; Freshly grated nutmeg to taste | INSTRUCTIONS: Make sauce: In a 9- to 10-inch heavy skillet cook garlic and onion in oil over moderately low heat, stirring, until onion is softened. Add tomatoes with reserved juice, wine and salt and pepper to taste and simmer, uncovered, stirring occasionally, until thickened, 20 to 25 minutes. Make gnocchi while sauce is cooking: In a small saucepan combine spinach with 1/2 cup water and simmer, covered, breaking up with a fork occasionally, 5 to 7 minutes. Drain spinach in a colander and rinse under cold water to cool. Squeeze spinach in small handfuls until as dry as possible and chop fine. In a 5-quar <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, minty, relish, walnuts, pomegranate seeds, Castelvetrano olives, olive oil, mint
OUTPUT: TITLE: Baked Minty Rice with Feta and Pomegranate Relish | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup walnuts; 3/4 cup pomegranate seeds (from about 1/2 large pomegranate); 3/4 cup Castelvetrano olives, pitted, coarsely chopped; 1/2 cup olive oil; 1/4 cup coarsely chopped fresh mint; 1/4 cup coarsely chopped fresh parsley; 1 tablespoon pomegranate molasses; 1 garlic clove, crushed; Kosher salt, freshly ground pepper; 2 cups basmati rice; 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, cut into pieces; 3/4 teaspoons kosher salt; 10 mint sprigs; 8 ounces feta, sliced 1/4" thick; Pomegranate molasses can be found at Middle Eastern markets, some supermarkets, and online | INSTRUCTIONS: Pomegranate relish: Place a rack in upper third of oven; preheat to 350°F. Toast walnuts on a rimmed baking sheet, tossing once, until golden brown, 5–8 minutes. Let cool, then coarsely chop. Increase oven temperature to 450°F. Toss walnuts, pomegranate seeds, olives, oil, mint, parsley, pomegranate molasses, and garlic in a medium bowl to combine. Season with salt and pepper. Place a rack in upper third of oven; preheat to 350°F. Toast walnuts on a rimmed baking sheet, tossing once, until golden brown, 5–8 minutes. Let cool, then coarsely chop. Increase oven temperature to 450°F. Toss walnuts <END>
INPUT: Italian, salad, grilled chicken breasts, Salt pepper, pepper, onion, Winesap apples
OUTPUT: TITLE: Winesap Apple Pesto Chicken Salad | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 3 grilled chicken breasts; Salt and pepper; 1/2 cup red pepper, julienned; 1/2 cup red onion, julienned; 2 Winesap apples, cored, peeled, quartered, and sliced; 1/4 cup low-fat mayonnaise; 1/4 cup pesto; 1 Bibb lettuce; 1 endive | INSTRUCTIONS: On a hot grill, grill chicken breasts until fully cooked. Season with salt and pepper. Refrigerate until cooled. Once cooled, julienne chicken breasts. In a mixing bowl, combine chicken, red pepper, red onion, and apples. In a separate bowl, combine mayonnaise and pesto. Combine the chicken and pesto mixtures. Season with salt and pepper. Serve on a bed of Bibb lettuce and endive. <END>
INPUT: Kosher salt pepper, cornmeal, paprika pimentón, eggs
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fried Green Tomatoes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 large, firm green tomatoes, cut crosswise into 1/2-inch slices; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper to taste; 1 cup finely ground cornmeal; 1 teaspoon paprika or pimentón (a Spanish smoked paprika, available at latienda.com); 2 eggs; Vegetable oil | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. Sprinkle the tomato slices with the salt and pepper; set aside. 2. Combine the cornmeal and paprika in a shallow bowl. In another bowl, beat the eggs. 3. Cover the bottom of a heavy skillet with 1/2 inch of oil, then place it over medium-high heat. 4. Coat the tomato slices in the egg, then dredge them in the cornmeal mixture. 5. Fry as many tomatoes as fit comfortably in the pan until nicely browned, about 2 minutes a side. 6. Transfer them to a paper towel-lined platter. Repeat until all the tomatoes are cooked. 1. Sprinkle the tomato slices with the salt and pepper; set aside. 2. Combine <END>
INPUT: bread, pudding, vegetable oil, velvet cake mix, eggs egg yolks, cream cheese, unsalted butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Red Velvet Bread Pudding | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/3 cup vegetable oil, plus more for greasing pan; One 16.5-ounce box red velvet cake mix; 8 large eggs plus 2 large egg yolks; 12 ounces cream cheese, softened; 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened, plus more for greasing dish; 1 cup confectioners' sugar; 1 tablespoon plus 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract; Fine salt; 4 cups whole milk; 1/4 cup granulated sugar; 1 cup pecans | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Generously oil a 12-cup muffin pan. Combine the cake mix, oil, 3 of the eggs and 1 cup water until smooth; divide among the muffin cups. Bake until a tester comes out clean, about 18 minutes. Cool in the pan for 5 minutes, then cool completely on a wire rack. Meanwhile, beat the cream cheese, butter, confectioners' sugar, 1 teaspoon of the vanilla and a pinch of salt in the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with a paddle attachment (or in a large bowl if using a hand mixer) until smooth. Whisk the milk, egg yolks, granulated sugar, remaining 5 eggs and 1 tablespoo <END>
INPUT: layered, brownies, sugar, water, pecan halves, bittersweet chocolate
OUTPUT: TITLE: Layered Brownies with White-Chocolate Caramel and Cocoa Nib Gelato | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup sugar; 1/4 cup water; 1 cup pecan halves, toasted; 1/2 cup (1 stick) unsalted butter; 2 ounces bittersweet chocolate (54% to 60% cacao), chopped; 1/4 cup plus 1 teaspoon natural unsweetened cocoa powder; 2 1/2 tablespoons all purpose flour; 1/8 teaspoon salt; 1/2 cup plus 1 tablespoon sugar; 2 large eggs; 1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract; 3 tablespoons water, divided; 3/4 teaspoon unflavored gelatin; 4 1/2 tablespoons sugar; Pinch of salt | INSTRUCTIONS: For candied pecans: Lightly butter baking sheet. Stir sugar and 1/4 cup water in large nonstick skillet over medium heat until sugar dissolves. Increase heat and boil until sugar syrup is light golden, occasionally brushing down sides of skillet with wet pastry brush, about 8 minutes. Add pecans and stir until syrup coats pecans, about 1 minute. Immediately pour pecans out onto prepared baking sheet; spread in single layer with heatproof spatula. Cool completely. Coarsely chop nuts. DO AHEAD: Can be made 2 days ahead. Store airtight at room temperature. Lightly butter baking sheet. Stir sugar  <END>
INPUT: American, beef, heavy whipping cream, dashes Worcestershire sauce, kosher salt, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sliders | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 pounds ground beef; 4 tablespoons heavy whipping cream; 6 dashes Worcestershire sauce (less if you prefer); 1 teaspoon kosher salt; Freshly ground black pepper; 8 whole dinner (or slider) rolls, split; 1 pound thick-cut peppered bacon; 3 yellow onions, halved and sliced; 3 tablespoons butter; 8 ounces gorgonzola; Cooked sliders and/or macaroni and cheese, for serving | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the grill to medium heat. Mix the ground beef, heavy cream, Worcestershire and the salt and some pepper in a bowl. Use your hands to thoroughly mix the ingredients. Form 1/4 cup of the meat mixture into patties, making 16 patties total. Make an indentation with your thumb to keep the patties from plumping too much when they cook. Grill the sliders until just cooked through, 2 to 3 minutes per side. Remove from the grill and pile on a platter. Toast the halved buns on the grill. Place the sliders between the buns and serve immediately. Fry the bacon in a s <END>
INPUT: roast, dressed, orange juice, lime juice, grapefruit juice, coarse sea salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roast Suckling Pig | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 10 15 pound dressed, oven ready suckling pig (see Note); 1 1/2 cups orange juice; 3/4 cup fresh lime juice; 3/4 cup fresh grapefruit juice; 2 tablespoons coarse sea salt; 1 tablespoon freshly ground black pepper; 1 grapefruit, quartered; 2 oranges, halved; 2 limes, halved; 1 large onion, quartered; 1 head garlic, halved; 1 bay leaf; 3 to 4 sprigs fresh thyme; 1 bunch watercress, tough stems removed, for garnish; 1 bunch curlyleafed parsley, tough stems removed, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees. In a bowl, combine the orange, lime, and grapefruit juice and whisk together. Wash and pat the pig dry with paper towels. Sprinkle inside and out with the salt and pepper and place it in a large roasting pan, belly side up. Place the grapefruit, oranges, limes, onion, garlic, bay leaf, and thyme inside the cavity and skewer it closed. Turn belly side down and place a ball of wood or a rolled up piece of aluminum foil about the size of a lemon in the pigs mouth. Skewer the legs into position by pulling the forelegs forward and bending the hind legs into a crouch <END>
INPUT: American, charred, soup, cheese garlic bread, butter, onion, fennel bulb
OUTPUT: TITLE: Charred Onion and Fennel Soup | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 3x3x1-inch slices frozen; 5-cheese garlic bread; 2 1/2 tablespoons butter; 1 medium onion, thinly sliced; 1 medium fennel bulb, halved lengthwise, thinly sliced; 2 14 1/2-ounce cans Italian herb-seasoned chicken broth; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh thyme; 2 tablespoons anise-flavored liqueur (such as Pernod; optional) 3 bay leaves; 1 1-ounce package dried stemmed shiitake mushrooms, broken into 1/2-inch pieces; 3 15- to 16-ounce cans kidney beans, undrained | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350°F. Bake bread until crisp and cheese begins to melt, about 15 minutes. Melt butter in heavy large pot over medium-high heat. Add onion and fennel; sauté until deep brown around edges, about 10 minutes. Stir in broth and thyme. Simmer, uncovered, until onion and fennel are soft, about 5 minutes. Stir in liqueur, if desired; simmer 2 minutes. Season with salt and pepper. Ladle soup into bowls; place 1 slice bread atop each. Preheat oven to 350°F. Bake bread until crisp and cheese begins to melt, about 15 minutes. Melt butter in heavy large pot over medium-high heat. Add onion <END>
INPUT: wrapped, cream, butter, radishes, shelled peas, water, Salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lettuce-Wrapped Halibut with Dill Cream Sauce and Radishes and Peas | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons butter; 2 bunches radishes (about 1 1/4 pounds/460 g), quartered or sliced; 2 cups/300 g freshly shelled peas; 1/4 cup/60 ml water; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 green onions, thinly sliced; Generous handful chopped fresh dill; 8 large Boston lettuce leaves; 4 filets halibut (about 4-ounces/110 g each); Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 3 chopped fresh dill stalks; 1 shallot; 1/2 clove garlic; 1/2 cup/125 ml white wine; 1 1/4 cups/300 ml chicken stock | INSTRUCTIONS: For the radish and peas: Melt the butter in a saute pan and gently cook the radishes until half cooked. Add the peas with 1/4 cup/60 ml water. Continue cooking until the peas and radishes are tender. Season, and scatter over the green onions and dill. For the fish bundles: Lay the lettuce leaves in a saute pan of boiling salted water for a few seconds. Remove, and immediately plunge in an ice bath. Lay flat on tea towels to drain, gently patting them dry. Remove the ribs, so you have strips of lettuce. Lay a few leaves on a board, slightly overlapping. Lay a fish fillet on top. Season, and nea <END>
INPUT: Asian, chinese, roast, garlic, cube gingerroot, soy sauce, cider vinegar, honey
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chinese-Style Roast Chicken Thighs | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 2 garlic cloves, chopped; a 1-inch cube of peeled fresh gingerroot, quartered; 2 tablespoons soy sauce; 1 tablespoon cider vinegar; 2 teaspoons honey; 1/4 teaspoon aniseed; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 1 pound chicken thighs | INSTRUCTIONS: In a blender purée the garlic and the gingerroot with the soy sauce, the vinegar, the honey, the aniseed, and the salt. In a resealable plastic bag combine the marinade with the chicken thighs and let the chicken marinate at room temperature for 15 minutes. Arrange the chicken on the rack of a foil-lined broiler pan, discarding the marinade, and roast it in the middle of a preheated 425°F. oven for 20 to 25 minutes, or until it is cooked through. In a blender purée the garlic and the gingerroot with the soy sauce, the vinegar, the honey, the aniseed, and the salt. In a resealable plastic bag c <END>
INPUT: Italian, focaccia, packages active yeast, sugar, kosher salt, virgin olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Focaccia with Mozzarella Di Bufala, Sweet Italian Sausage, and Fresh Tomatoes | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 2 packages active dry yeast; 2 teaspoon sugar; 2 cups warm (100 degrees F to 110 degrees F) water; 2 tablespoons kosher salt; 4 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 6 cups unbleached all-purpose flour, plus more for dusting; 4 pounds sweet Italian sausage, links; 2 pints red cherry tomatoes; 2 pints yellow cherry tomatoes; 3 garlic cloves, minced; 1 bunch fresh basil; 4 (8-ounce) balls of fresh mozzarella di bufala, drained; Extra-virgin olive oil; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 large bag fresh salad mix | INSTRUCTIONS: Begin by making the dough so it has time to rest and rise. In the bowl of a standing electric mixer fitted with a dough hook, or in a mixing bowl, combine the yeast, sugar and warm water and stir gently to dissolve. Let the mixture stand until the yeast comes alive and starts to foam, 5 to 10 minutes. If you're using a mixer, turn the mixer on low, add the salt and 2 tablespoons of olive oil. Add the flour, a little at a time, mixing at the lowest speed until the flour has been incorporated. When the dough starts to come together, increase the speed to medium and let it go until the dough gath <END>
INPUT: spit, chicken, soy sauce, olive oil, Juice lemon, unsalted butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spit Roasted Chicken | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 whole chicken; 3 tablespoons soy sauce; 1 tablespoon olive oil; Juice of 1 lemon, rinds reserved; 3 tablespoons unsalted butter; 3 long sprigs fresh rosemary; Salt and freshly ground pepper; Salsa verde and roasted potatoes, for serving | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: spit or rebar, for roasting chicken About 2 hours before cooking the chicken, build a fire using lots of kindling and newspaper to get a hot bed of coals going. Oak is a very hard, dense wood and generally needs a good bed of coals to get going. Meanwhile, mix together 2 tablespoons of the soy sauce, the olive oil and lemon juice. Rub the marinade into the chicken well and allow to sit in a cool spot, out of the sun, for at least 1 hour 30 minutes. Skewer the chicken onto your spit or rebar about 2 feet above your coals. Rake or shovel the coals to surround the chicken, they <END>
INPUT: crositini, dates, pine nuts, wine, honey, baguette
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pine Nut and Date Crositini | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 24 dates, pitted; 1/2 cup pine nuts, toasted; 1/2 cup red wine; 1/4 cup honey; 1 baguette, cut into 1/4-inch slices; Olive oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Chop the dates and pine nuts, add them to a small bowl and mix to combine. Put the date and nut mixture into a small pan over medium heat, then stir in the red wine and the honey. Cook for 4 to 5 minutes. Put the bread slices on a sheet pan and a drizzle with olive oil. Put in the oven and toast. Top each toast with 1 tablespoon of the date mixture. Arrange the crostini on a serving platter and serve. <END>
INPUT: onion, unsalted butter, water, milk
OUTPUT: TITLE: Butternut Squash Polenta | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 cup finely chopped onion (1 medium); 5 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1 (12-oz) package frozen butternut squash purée (sometimes called winter squash; 1 1/2 cups), thawed; 2 1/2 cups water; 2 cups whole milk; 1 1/4 teaspoons salt; 1/4 teaspoon black pepper; 3/4 cup instant polenta; 1 oz finely grated Parmigiano-Reggiano (1/2 cup) | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook onion in 3 tablespoons butter in a 10-inch heavy skillet over moderate heat, stirring, until very soft, about 8 minutes. Stir in squash and cook, stirring occasionally, 2 minutes. Bring water, milk, salt, and pepper to a boil in a 4-quart heavy pot. Add polenta in a thin stream, whisking. Cook polenta at a bare simmer, stirring with a long-handled whisk and turning down heat as needed to prevent spattering, 5 minutes. Stir in squash mixture and cook, stirring, 3 minutes. Remove from heat, then stir in cheese and remaining 2 tablespoons butter. Serve immediately. Cook onion in 3 tablespoon <END>
INPUT: water, wild rice, acorn squash, onions
OUTPUT: TITLE: Acorn Squash Stuffed with Wild Rice, Hazelnuts and Dried Cranberries | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 7 cups water; 2 cups wild rice (about 12 ounces); 3 small acorn squash (each about 10 to 12 ounces), cut in half, seeded; 2 tablespoons (1/4 stick) butter; 2 cups finely chopped onions; 2 teaspoons crumbled dried sage leaves; 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 1/2 cup plus 3 tablespoons dried cranberries (about 3 1/2 ounces); 1/2 cup plus 3 tablespoons chopped toasted hazelnuts (about 3 ounces); 1/4 cup chopped fresh parsley | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring 7 cups water and rice to boil in heavy large saucepan. Reduce heat; cover and simmer until rice is tender, about 1 hour. Drain. Transfer rice to large bowl. Preheat oven to 375°F. Oil baking sheet. Place squash, cut side down, on sheet. Bake until tender, about 40 minutes. Cool. Using spoon, scoop out pulp from squash, leaving 1/4-inch-thick shell; reserve shells. Transfer pulp to medium bowl. Reduce oven temperature to 350°F. Melt butter in large nonstick skillet over medium heat. Add onions; sauté until very tender, about 15 minutes. Add sage; stir 2 minutes. Add rice, squash pulp and  <END>
INPUT: Italian, lasagna, eggplant purged, rock salt, vegetable oil, tomato puree, oregano
OUTPUT: TITLE: Eggplant Lasagna | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 eggplant sliced thin and purged; 1/4 cup rock salt; 3/4 cup vegetable oil; 2 cups tomato puree; 2 teaspoons oregano; 1 tablespoon chopped garlic; 2 cups grated mozzarella cheese; 1/2 cup Parmesan cheese; Pepper to taste | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees. Using a mandolin or a thin knife, slice eggplant lengthwise into thin strips. Toss the eggplant with 1/4 cup coarse salt. Transfer the eggplant to a colander and allow to sit overnight. (This will remove any excess water from the eggplant and allow it to crisp nicely when fried.) Brush the salt off the eggplant slices. Heat oil in a large skillet until approximately 350 degrees. Carefully fry eggplant slices in the oil until golden brown, approximately 30 seconds on each side. Drain the slices on paper towels, set aside until needed. In a medium bowl mix togeth <END>
INPUT: sunburst, apricots, sugar, lime juice, lime zest, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Apricot Sunburst | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound dried apricots; 1/2 cup sugar, plus more for sprinkling; 2 teaspoons fresh lime juice; 1/2 teaspoon grated lime zest; Pinch salt; 1/2 cup shelled unsalted pistachio nuts, chopped; 1/2 cup caramelized pecans; 1/2 cup chopped red glazed cherries (available in supermarkets); 5 large egg whites, at room temperature; 1 tablespoon cornstarch; 2 tablespoons water; 1 teaspoon finely chopped fresh mint leaves; About 3 cups cut-up fresh fruit (bite-size pieces) | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. Place the apricots in a medium saucepan, cover with cold water, and bring just to a boil. Lower the heat, cover, and cook at a bare simmer until tender, 30 to 40 minutes. Drain the apricots, reserving the cooking liquid, and puree them in a food processor fitted with the metal blade. You should have about 1 cup of puree. 2. Preheat the oven to 375°F. Butter a 10-inch savarin mold and sprinkle it generously with sugar. Combine the pureed apricots, 1/4 cup of the sugar, and the lime juice, lime zest, salt, pistachios, pecans, and cherries in a large bowl. 3. Place the egg whites in the bowl o <END>
INPUT: Asian, miso, mirin, unseasoned rice vinegar, ginger, sesame oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Miso-Glazed Black Cod on Sunflower Sprouts | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1/3 cup white miso (fermented soybean paste); 1/4 cup plus 1 teaspoon mirin (sweet Japanese rice wine); 3 tablespoons unseasoned rice vinegar, divided; 2 tablespoons minced peeled fresh ginger; 4 teaspoons toasted sesame oil (such as Asian), divided; 4 6-ounce skinless black cod fillets; 1/2 cup chopped green onions, divided; 5 ounces sunflower sprouts | INSTRUCTIONS: Whisk miso, 1/4 cup mirin, 2 tablespoons vinegar, ginger, and 2 teaspoons sesame oil in small bowl to blend. Place fish in 8x8x2-inch glass baking dish. Pour miso mixture over; turn to coat. Let stand 30 minutes at room temperature. Preheat broiler. Line baking sheet with foil; brush with 1 teaspoon oil. Place fish on foil; pour marinade over fish. Broil until fish is cooked through and brown in spots, about 6 minutes. Meanwhile, mix remaining 1 teaspoon mirin, 1 tablespoon vinegar, 1 teaspoon sesame oil, and 1/4 cup green onions in medium bowl. Add sunflower sprouts; toss to coat. Divide sala <END>
INPUT: Italian, Fuyu persimmons, Kosher salt pepper, prosciutto, basil leaves, aged provolone
OUTPUT: TITLE: Prosciutto Persimmons | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 2 ripe Fuyu persimmons; Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper; 8 thin slices prosciutto (about 2 1/2 ounces), cut in half crosswise; 16 small fresh basil leaves; 1 1/2 ounces aged provolone, cut into 16 small pieces; Extra-virgin olive oil, for drizzling; White balsamic vinegar, for drizzling | INSTRUCTIONS: Trim the stem end of the persimmons, then slice each into 8 wedges. Season with salt and pepper. Lay out a piece of prosciutto. Top with a persimmon wedge, basil leaf and piece of provolone; roll up. Repeat with the remaining ingredients. Arrange on a platter; drizzle with olive oil and vinegar and season with pepper. Photograph by Ryan Liebe <END>
INPUT: mousse, unblanched hazelnuts, hazelnut oil, heavy cream, milk chocolate, egg yolks
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate-Hazelnut Mousse | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 5 ounces unblanched hazelnuts; 1 tablespoon plus 1/2 teaspoon hazelnut oil*; 1 1/2 cups heavy cream; 5 ounces milk chocolate, cut into small pieces; 3 egg yolks; 1/3 cup granulated sugar; 1/4 cup water; small baking tray, clean towel, food processor, large bowl, whisk or eggbeater, 2 medium heatproof bowls, small saucepan, electric mixer with large bo | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. Position the rack in the center of the oven and preheat the oven to 350 degrees. Arrange the hazelnuts on a small baking tray and bake until lightly browned, 10 to 12 minutes, turning the tray back to front after 5 or 6 minutes. Cool. Enclose the nuts in a clean towel and rub until as much of the skins as possible come off. 2. Place the nuts and hazelnut oil in the workbowl of a food processor fitted with a steel blade and process until a paste forms. 3. Meanwhile, in a large bowl, using a whisk or eggbeater, whip the heavy cream. Refrigerate, covered, until needed. 4. In a medium heatproof <END>
INPUT: roast, duck, onion, carrot, celery, water
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roast Duck with Port-Garlic Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 5-pound duck, fresh or frozen, thawed (neck, heart and gizzard reserved); 1 medium onion, quartered; 1 carrot, coarsely chopped; 1 celery stalk, coarsely chopped; 4 1/2 cups water; 2 tablespoons (1/4 stick) butter; 6 large garlic cloves, sliced; 1 cup ruby Port; 1 tablespoon all purpose flour; 1/3 cup soy sauce; 3 tablespoons Dijon mustard; 3 large garlic cloves, pressed; 1 teaspoon coarse salt; 1 teaspoon ground pepper; 1 teaspoon dried thyme | INSTRUCTIONS: Make sauce: Cut off duck wing tips at joint. Combine neck, heart, gizzard and wing tips in large saucepan. Add onion, carrot and celery to pan. Add 4 1/2 cups water and bring to boil. Reduce heat and simmer 1 hour. Strain stock into medium saucepan. Boil stock until reduced to 1 cup, about 15 minutes. Melt 1 tablespoon butter in heavy large skillet over medium heat. Add sliced garlic and sauté until golden, about 2 minutes. Add Port and boil 5 minutes. Add reduced duck stock and boil until reduced to 1 cup, about 8 minutes. Mix remaining 1 tablespoon butter and flour in small bowl. Whisk into  <END>
INPUT: Italian, mahi, mango, rice wine vinegar, cilantro leaves, garlic, ginger
OUTPUT: TITLE: Seared Mahi-Mahi with Saffron Risotto and Mango Sauce | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 mango; 1 teaspoon rice wine vinegar; 1 tablespoon fresh cilantro leaves, soaked or well-rinsed to remove all traces of sand; 1 clove garlic, quartered; 1 teaspoon chopped fresh ginger; 1-ounce bottled water; 1/4 cup canola oil; 1 1/2 teaspoons stone-ground mustard; 1 lime microwaved and juiced (allow to cool before squeezing); Salt; Pepper; 1 tablespoon olive oil; 1 tablespoon chopped shallots; 1 cup Arborio rice; 1/2 cup white wine | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Peel the mango, cut into slices, and drop into the feed tube of a running blender to puree. Add the rice wine vinegar, cilantro, garlic, ginger, water, oil, mustard, and lime juice. Season with salt and pepper, to taste, and set aside. Bring chicken stock to a simmer. In a separate large saucepan on an adjacent burner, heat the olive oil and add the shallots and the rice. Lightly saute: you actually are toasting the rice. Cook until the rice becomes translucent and the shallots become soft, stirring constantly. Add the white wine to deglaze the pan. Begin slowly  <END>
INPUT: salmon, olive oil, kosher salt, pepper, tarragon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Whole Roasted Salmon | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 5 to 6 pounds whole salmon, scaled, gutted and washed; 6 tablespoons olive oil; 2 tablespoons kosher salt; 1 tablespoon freshly ground black pepper; 3 bunches fresh tarragon; 2 pounds carrots, peeled and sliced thin; 8 large shallots, peeled and sliced; 2 pound leeks, well washed and cut into 1-inch pieces; 1/2 cup white wine | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 450 degrees. Rub the salmon on all sides with 4 tablespoons of the oil and season inside and out with salt and pepper. Place the tarragon bunch inside the cavity of the fish. Put the vegetables in a large roasting pan coat with the remainder of the oil, season with salt and pepper and mix to combine. Place the salmon on the bed of vegetables. Sprinkle fish and vegetables with white wine. Place the roasting pan in the oven and cook for 45 minutes or until the fish is thoroughly cooked. About 15 minutes for every inch of fish. Carefully lift the fish out of the pan and place on a <END>
INPUT: American, toasts, grain baguette other, raclette cheese, grain mustard
OUTPUT: TITLE: Raclette Cheese Toasts | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: a whole-grain baguette or other whole-grain country-style loaf; 8 ounces cold raclette cheese; 4 teaspoons whole-grain mustard | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat broiler. Diagonally cut eight 1/2-inch-thick slices from bread, reserving remainder for another use. On a baking sheet toast one side of bread slices under broiler about 4 inches from heat and leave broiler on. Using a cheese plane thinly slice raclette. Turn bread over and spread 1/2 teaspoon mustard on untoasted side of each slice. Top toasts with cheese and broil until cheese is just melted, about 2 minutes. Preheat broiler. Diagonally cut eight 1/2-inch-thick slices from bread, reserving remainder for another use. On a baking sheet toast one side of bread slices under broiler about <END>
INPUT: hirabara, vinaigrette, apple juice, champagne vinegar, shallots, honey, sweet soy sauce
OUTPUT: TITLE: Opakapaka Fish on Hirabara Baby Greens, Green Apple Vinaigrette, and Stilton Bruschetta | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup apple juice; 1/2 cup champagne vinegar; 1/2 teaspoon chopped shallots; 1 teaspoon honey; 1 teaspoon sweet soy sauce; 1 cup olive oil; 2 green apples, chopped finely; 1/2 pound baby greens; 4 (5-ounce) fresh Opakapaka fish fillets or Mahi Mahi; 4 (3/4-inch-thick) slices French bread; 1/2 cup olive oil; 4 ounces Stilton | INSTRUCTIONS: Begin by making the vinaigrette. Combine all of the ingredients in a blender except for the olive oil, apples, and baby greens. Blend well until smooth. Slowly add the olive oil and blend well. Remove vinaigrette from blender and add the apples, mix, and set aside. Over a very hot grill, place the fish and grill for approximately 2 minutes per side. Brush the bread with the olive oil and lightly toast. Toss the baby greens in the vinaigrette and place in the center of each plate. Once the fish is ready, place on top of the baby greens, spread Stilton on the toast and place on the side of the s <END>
INPUT: salad, ponzu, yuzu juice, grapefruit zest, orange zest, lime zest, unseasoned rice vinegar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Shiitake Mushroom Salad on Mizuna with Ponzu Style Dressing | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons yuzu juice (or a combination of fresh orange juice, grapefruit juice, and lime juice); 1 teaspoon finely chopped grapefruit zest; 1 teaspoon finely chopped orange zest; 1 teaspoon finely chopped lime zest; 3 tablespoons unseasoned rice vinegar; 2 tablespoons mirin; 1/4 cup soy sauce; Pinch sugar; 12 shiitake mushrooms, cleaned and stems removed; Peanut oil; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 4 cups mizuna leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: Dressing: Combine all ingredients in a small saucepan and bring to a boil over high heat. Remove from heat, let cool to room temperature, then refrigerate for at least 30 minutes. Salad: Heat grill to high. Brush mushrooms with oil and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Grill for 3 to 4 minutes per side or until just cooked through. Remove from heat and tear into rough pieces. Place mizuna in a large bowl and toss with a few tablespoons of dressing. Season with pepper, to taste. Add mushrooms to bowl, toss, and drizzle with more of the dressing. <END>
INPUT: seasoned, white, fingerling potatoes, virgin olive oil, Kosher salt pepper, shrimp, crab boil seasoning
OUTPUT: TITLE: Seasoned Shrimp and White Corn on Fingerling Potatoes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 20 fingerling potatoes, cut lengthwise; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 pound large shrimp, peeled and deveined, cut into 1/2-inch pieces; 1 tablespoon crab boil seasoning (recommended: Old Bay); 2 tablespoons butter; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh parsley, plus more for garnish; Juice 1 lemon; 1 (8-ounce) can corn, drained | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. In a large bowl, combine the potatoes, olive oil, salt and pepper, and mix well with your hands. On a roasting tray, spread out the potatoes, cut side up, and roast in the oven until golden, about 30 minutes. Set aside and let cool. In a large bowl, season the shrimp with the crab boil seasoning. Melt the butter in a frying pan over medium heat and saute until cooked through, about 5 minutes. Add the parsley, lemon juice, and corn. Cook for 2 to 3 minutes. Put the potatoes on a platter, cut side up. Divide the shrimp mixture on top of each potato. Sprinkle wi <END>
INPUT: macaroons, blanched almonds, unsweetened cocoa powder, confectioners sugar, egg whites, fine quality bittersweet
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate Macaroons | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup sliced blanched almonds (1 3/4 oz); 1 tablespoon unsweetened cocoa powder; 1/2 cup plus 2 tablespoons confectioners sugar (1 1/2 oz); 2 large egg whites; 2 oz fine-quality bittersweet chocolate (not unsweetened), finely chopped; 2 tablespoons half-and-half; Special equipment: parchment paper; a pastry bag fitted with a 1/2-inch plain tip | INSTRUCTIONS: Put oven rack in middle position and preheat oven to 350°F. Line a large baking sheet with parchment paper. Pulse almonds with cocoa and 1/2 cup confectioners sugar in a food processor until very fine and powdery. Beat egg whites with a pinch of salt in a large bowl with an electric mixer at medium-high speed until they hold soft peaks, then add remaining 2 tablespoons confectioners sugar, a little at a time, beating until whites just hold stiff peaks. Fold one third of almond mixture into whites with a rubber spatula, then fold in remaining almond mixture gently but thoroughly. Transfer batte <END>
INPUT: cake, unsalted butter, sugar, salt, vanilla paste, egg yolks
OUTPUT: TITLE: Vanilla Butter Cake and Swiss Buttercream | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 cup unsalted butter, room temperature; 1 1/4 cups sugar; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 1 teaspoon vanilla paste; 8 egg yolks, room temperature; 3 teaspoons baking flour; 1 1/4 cups all-purpose flour; 3/4 cup milk; Swiss Buttercream, recipe follows; 24 egg whites; 6 cups sugar; 2 tablespoons vanilla bean paste; 14 cups butter | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. In the bowl of a stand mixer, beat the butter, sugar, salt, and vanilla paste until creamed. Add room temperature yolks and combine well. Combine the baking flour and all-purpose flour. Beat in half the flour and half the milk then add remaining milk and flour and combine well. Then transfer batter to parchment lined sheet pan or 13-inch round cake pan. Bake about 45 minutes to 1 hour, or until a toothpick inserted in the center of the cake comes out clean. Assemble cake using the Swiss Buttercream. Whisk whites and sugar over a double boiler until 140 degrees F. <END>
INPUT: ketchup, olive oil, onion, garlic, plum tomatoes, distilled vinegar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Homemade Tomato Ketchup | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons olive oil; 3 cups coarsely chopped onion; 3 garlic cloves, minced; 3 pounds ripe plum tomatoes, coarsely chopped; 1/3 cup distilled white vinegar; 1/2 cup dark corn syrup; 1/4 teaspoon ground cloves; 1/4 teaspoon ground allspice; 1 teaspoon mustard seeds; 1/2 teaspoon ground celery seeds; 1 tablespoon salt; 2 teaspoons freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large heavy pot heat the olive oil over moderate heat and cook the onion until golden brown, stirring occasionally, about 8 to 10 minutes. Add the garlic and cook for another minute. Add the tomatoes, vinegar, corn syrup, cloves, allspice, mustard seeds, celery seeds, salt and pepper stirring to combine. Bring the mixture to a boil, reduce heat and simmer, stirring occasionally, for 1 hour. Pass the mixture through a food mill into a bowl and return to the pot. Bring the mixture back to a simmer and cook until very thick, stirring occasionally, about 45 minutes. Allow the ketchup to cool. <END>
INPUT: bites, eggs, vegetable oil, matzo meal, salt, baking powder
OUTPUT: TITLE: Potato Bites | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 large eggs; 1/4 cup vegetable oil; 3 tablespoons matzo meal; 1 teaspoon salt; 1/2 teaspoon baking powder; 1 small onion; 1 1/4 pounds yellow-fleshed potatoes such as Yukon Gold | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 400°F and grease 36 1 3/4- by 1-inch muffin cups (see note, above). In a large bowl whisk together eggs, oil, matzo meal, salt, and baking powder. Grate onion on large holes of a 4-sided grater and whisk into egg mixture. Working quickly, in 2 batches, peel and quarter potatoes and in a food processor finely chop. Add potatoes as chopped to egg mixture and stir until coated well. Working quickly, spoon a rounded tablespoon potato mixture into each muffin cup and bake in upper and lower thirds of oven, switching position of pans halfway through baking, until golden brown, about  <END>
INPUT: sauce, olive oil, shallots, garlic, wine
OUTPUT: TITLE: Muscovy Duck Breasts with Pomegranate-Wine Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons olive oil, divided; 1 1/2 cups minced shallots (about 8 large); 6 garlic cloves, minced; 1 1/4 cups dry white wine, divided; 3/4 cup dry red wine; 2 14-ounce cans low-salt chicken broth; 1 14-ounce can low-salt beef broth; 3/4 cup fresh orange juice; 2 tablespoons pomegranate molasses*; 3 teaspoons minced fresh marjoram, divided; 1 fresh bay leaf; 4 pounds boneless Muscovy duck breasts (4 to 8 breast halves, depending on size); 1 1/2 tablespoons all purpose flour | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat 2 tablespoons oil in heavy medium saucepan over medium heat. Add shallots; sauté until golden brown, about 18 minutes. Add garlic; sauté 3 minutes. Add 1 cup white wine and 3/4 cup red wine. Boil until most of liquid evaporates, about 10 minutes. Add both broths, orange juice, pomegranate molasses, 1 teaspoon marjoram, and bay leaf; boil until mixture is reduced to 2 cups, about 20 minutes. Discard bay leaf. (Sauce can be made 3 days ahead. Cover and chill.) Set rack at lowest position in oven; preheat to 450°F. Rub meat side of duck breasts with 1 tablespoon olive oil and 2 teaspoons mar <END>
INPUT: Mexican, bake, PAM® Original No, bell pepper, onion, reduced sodium chicken
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken Tortilla Bake | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: PAM® Original No-Stick Cooking Spray; 1 medium green bell pepper, chopped; 1/2 cup chopped yellow onion; 1/2 cup reduced-sodium chicken broth; 1 can (10-3/4 oz each) condensed reduced-fat cream of mushroom soup; 1 can (10 oz each) Ro*Tel® Original Diced Tomatoes & Green Chilies, undrained; 2 cups shredded cooked chicken; 9 corn tortillas (6 inch), torn into bite-size pieces; 1 cup shredded reduced fat Colby Jack cheese (1 cup = 4 oz) | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. Preheat oven to 325 degrees F. Spray 8x8-inch baking dish and medium skillet with cooking spray. Heat skillet over medium-high heat. When hot, add bell pepper and onion; cook 5 minutes or until tender, stirring several times. 2. Stir in broth, soup, undrained tomatoes and chicken; blend well. Bring to a boil; remove from heat. 3. Layer 1/3 each of the tortilla pieces, chicken mixture and cheese evenly in baking dish. Repeat layers twice more. Bake uncovered 40 minutes or until hot and bubbly. <END>
INPUT: Italian, risotto, reduced sodium chicken, water, broccoli rabe, olive oil, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pasta-Shell Risotto with Broccoli Rabe | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 quart reduced-sodium chicken broth; 1 quart water; 1 bunch broccoli rabe; 1/4 cup olive oil; 1 medium onion, chopped; 2 garlic cloves, chopped; 1 lb medium pasta shells; 1/2 cup grated Parmigiano-Reggiano | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring broth, water, and 1 teaspoon salt to a boil in a medium saucepan, then reduce heat and keep at a bare simmer. Trim tough stem ends from broccoli rabe, then cut remaining stems crosswise into 1-inch pieces and reserve. Coarsely chop florets and leaves. Heat oil in a 5- to 6-quart heavy pot over medium-high heat until it shimmers, then sauté onion with 1/2 teaspoon salt until softened, 3 to 5 minutes. Stir in garlic and sauté 1 minute, then add pasta, broccoli rabe stems, and 3/4 cup hot broth and simmer briskly, stirring constantly, until broth is absorbed. Continue simmering and adding h <END>
INPUT: french, toast, Can't Believe It's, banana, peanut butter, Spice Cruzan rum, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spice Rum Banana Stuffed French Toast with Mango Maple Syrup | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 tablespoons I Can't Believe It's Not Butter!® Original Soft Spread; 1 ripe banana, sliced and parted; 1 heaping tablespoon peanut butter; 1/8 cup 9 Spice Cruzan rum; 2 teaspoons sugar; Pinch of salt; 3 eggs; 1/4 cup 2% milk (optional); 1 teaspoon nutmeg; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; 1 teaspoon cinnamon; 2 slices white, brioche or whole grain bread (I used whole grain for this recipe); 1/4 cup fresh mango, mashed; 2 tablespoons maple syrup; Dash of confectioners' sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: For banana mixture In 8" skillet, melt 2 tablespoons I Can't Believe It's Not Butter!® Original Soft Spread. Add 3/4 of banana, peanut butter, rum, sugar and pinch of salt. You will get flames so be careful in handling your skillet. Bring to boil, breaking down the bananas using a wooden fork or spoon. Using same spoon, stir until bananas have cooked down and rum has infused. You want to end up with a semi-thick mixture with some chunkiness in the bananas. Set aside and cool. For toast Whisk eggs in medium bowl. Add milk, nutmeg, cinnamon and vanilla extract. Combine well. Drench each slice of <END>
INPUT: American, sauce, soft, Dijon mustard, grain mustard, honey, pepper, thyme
OUTPUT: TITLE: Seared Muscovy Duck Breast with Black Pepper-Sweet Mustard Sauce and Soft Mascarpone Polenta with As | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup Dijon mustard; 2 tablespoons whole grain mustard; 2 tablespoons honey; 1 teaspoon coarsely cracked black pepper; 1 teaspoon finely chopped fresh thyme; Salt; 4 (7-ounce) muscovy duck breast; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 2 large leeks, washed, white and light green part, finely sliced; 8 spears asparagus, blanched, shocked and sliced on bias into 1/2-inch pieces; 8 cups water; Salt; 2 cups polenta; 1/4 cup mascarpone; 1/4 cup grated Manchego cheese | INSTRUCTIONS: For the Black Pepper-Sweet Mustard Sauce: Combine the mustards, honey, black pepper, thyme in a medium bowl and season with salt. Preheat oven to 375 degrees F. Heat a large ovenproof saute pan over high heat until smoking. Season each breast with salt and pepper to taste. Score the skin with a knife and sear the breast, skin-side down, until golden brown and fat has rendered, about 6 to 8 minutes. Remove most of the fat, turn the breasts over and place them in the oven and cook for 10 to 12 minutes for medium rare doneness, remove duck and brush liberally with the mustard glaze. Let duck rest <END>
INPUT: orzo, onion, bacon, peas
OUTPUT: TITLE: Toasted Orzo with Peas, Onion and Bacon | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cups orzo (rice-shaped pasta); 1 1/4 cups chopped onion; 5 bacon slices, chopped; 3 1/4 cups (or more) canned low-salt chicken broth; 1 1/2 cups frozen peas, thawed | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat large nonstick skillet over medium heat. Add orzo and stir until beginning to color, about 10 minutes. Transfer orzo to small bowl. Add onion and bacon to same skillet. Sauté until bacon browns and onion is tender, about 15 minutes. Add 3 1/4 cups broth and orzo and bring to boil. Reduce heat to medium-low, cover and simmer until broth is absorbed and orzo is tender, about 18 minutes. Mix in peas. Add more broth if mixture is dry. Cover and cook until peas are just warmed through, about 2 minutes. Season to taste with salt and pepper and serve. Heat large nonstick skillet over medium heat <END>
INPUT: spiced, pancakes, wheat flour, unsweetened coconut, baking powder, nutmeg, allspice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spiced Coconut Pancakes with Tropical Fruit | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 1/2 cups whole wheat flour; 1 cup unsweetened shredded coconut; 2 teaspoons baking powder; 3/4 teaspoon ground nutmeg; 3/4 teaspoon ground allspice; 1/4 teaspoon baking soda; 1 13 1/2-ounce can light unsweetened coconut milk (about 1 2/3 cups); 2 tablespoons pure maple syrup; 1 tablespoon vanilla extract; Vegetable oil; Tropical fruit salad; Additional pure maple syrup; Chopped natural unsalted pistachios (for garnish); Ingredient info: Unsweetened shredded coconut is available at specialty foods stores and natural foods stores. Canned light unsweetened coconut milk i | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 250°. Whisk first 6 ingredients and 3/4 teaspoon salt in large bowl. Whisk coconut milk, 1 1/4 cups warm water, 2 tablespoons maple syrup, and vanilla in medium bowl. Whisk coconut milk mixture into dry ingredients until batter is pourable. Heat griddle or skillet over medium-high heat; brush with vegetable oil. Working in batches, add batter by 1/4 cupfuls. Working quickly and using back of spoon, spread each pancake to about 4-inch round. Cook until small bubbles appear on surface and bottoms of pancakes are golden, reducing heat if browning too quickly, 2 to 3 minutes. Turn  <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, gyro, meat, onion, lamb, garlic, marjoram, rosemary
OUTPUT: TITLE: Gyro Meat with Tzatziki Sauce | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 1 medium onion, finely chopped or shredded; 2 pounds ground lamb; 1 tablespoon finely minced garlic; 1 tablespoon dried marjoram; 1 tablespoon dried ground rosemary; 2 teaspoons kosher salt; 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; Tzatziki Sauce, recipe follows; 16 ounces plain yogurt; 1 medium cucumber, peeled, seeded, and finely chopped; Pinch kosher salt; 4 cloves garlic, finely minced; 1 tablespoon olive oil; 2 teaspoons red wine vinegar; 5 to 6 mint leaves, finely minced | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Process the onion in a food processor for 10 to 15 seconds and turn out into the center of a tea towel. Gather up the ends of the towel and squeeze until almost all of the juice is removed. Discard juice. Return the onion to the food processor and add the lamb, garlic, marjoram, rosemary, salt, and pepper and process until it is a fine paste, approximately 1 minute. Stop the processor as needed to scrape down sides of bowl. To cook in the oven as a meatloaf, proceed as follows: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Place the mixture into a loaf pan, making sure to p <END>
INPUT: hash, uncooked corned beef, flat leaf parsley, bay leaves, peppercorns, coriander seeds
OUTPUT: TITLE: Corned Beef Hash | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 pounds uncooked corned beef brisket (about 1 small), rinsed, trimmed if fatty, spice packet discarded if included; 4 sprigs flat-leaf parsley; 3 bay leaves, torn; 1 tablespoon black peppercorns; 1 tablespoon coriander seeds; 1 tablespoon yellow mustard seeds; 1 medium onion, peeled, halved through root; 1 large russet potato, peeled, halved crosswise; 1/4 cup chopped fresh flat-leaf parsley, plus more for serving; Kosher salt, freshly ground pepper; 4 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1 teaspoon distilled white vinegar; 4 large eggs; Chopped fresh chives (for serving) | INSTRUCTIONS: For corned beef: Place corned beef in a large Dutch oven or other heavy pot and add water to cover by 1". Add parsley sprigs, bay leaves, peppercorns, coriander seeds, and mustard seeds. Bring to a boil; reduce heat, cover, and simmer, skimming surface often and adding more water to pot as needed to keep meat submerged, until corned beef is tender, 3 1/2–4 hours. Add onion and potato to corned beef in pot and cook until vegetables are very tender, 20–25 minutes. Remove onion and potato from pot. Let cool; wrap separately and chill. Let corned beef cool in cooking liquid. Transfer corned beef t <END>
INPUT: tartines, foie gras, baguette croutes, Fleur de sel
OUTPUT: TITLE: Foie Gras Tartines | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 slices foie gras; 8 baguette croutes, lightly toasted; Fleur de sel (sea salt) | INSTRUCTIONS: Get a saute pan very hot. Fry the foie gras on both sides until golden, about 1 minute per side. Arrange half a slice of foie gras on each tartine and sprinkle with fleur de sel. Serve. <END>
INPUT: scented, quinoa, olive oil, lemon zest, lemon juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lemon-Scented Quinoa | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup quinoa; 1 1/2 tablespoons olive oil; 1 teaspoon grated lemon zest; 2 teaspoons fresh lemon juice | INSTRUCTIONS: Wash quinoa in 3 changes of cold water in a bowl, draining in a sieve each time. Cook quinoa in a medium pot of boiling salted water (1 tablespoon salt for 2 quarts water), uncovered, until almost tender, about 15 minutes. Drain in sieve, then set sieve over same pot above 1 inch of simmering water (water should not touch bottom of sieve). Cover quinoa with a folded kitchen towel, then cover sieve with a lid (don't worry if lid doesn't fit tightly) and steam over simmering water until tender, fluffy, and dry, about 10 minutes. Remove pot from heat and remove lid. Let stand, still covered with  <END>
INPUT: Asian, chinese, soup, water, chicken broth, Arborio rice, kosher salt, unsalted butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chinese-style Rice Soup with Chicken and Ginger | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 6 cups water; 4 cups chicken broth, low-sodium canned, or homemade; 1 1/2 cups Arborio rice; 2 teaspoons kosher salt; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; About 4 cups shredded cooked chicken (from 1 rotisserie chicken); 2 to 3 tablespoons grated peeled fresh ginger; 3 scallions, thinly sliced; 1 medium bunch fresh cilantro, leaves torn or chopped; Asian chili paste, or sambal oelek, optional | INSTRUCTIONS: Put the water and broth, salt, rice and butter in the slow cooker. Cover and cook on HIGH until the rice is soft and soupy, about 6 hours. When ready to serve, remove the lid and stir in the ginger and scallions. Portion the soup into bowls and top with the shredded chicken and cilantro. Serve with chili paste on the side if desired. <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, olive oil, onion, garlic, flat leaf parsley
OUTPUT: TITLE: Baked Shrimp with Tomatoes and Feta | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon olive oil; 1 medium onion, diced (about 1 1/2 cups); 2 cloves garlic, minced (about 2 teaspoons); 2 (14.5-ounce) cans of no-salt-added diced tomatoes, with their juices; 1/4 cup finely minced fresh flat-leaf parsley; 1 tablespoon finely minced fresh dill; 1 1/4 pounds medium shrimp, peeled and deveined; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 2/3 cup crumbled feta cheese (about 3 ounces) | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Heat the oil in an oven proof skillet over a medium-high heat. Add the onion and cook, stirring, until softened, about 3 minutes, then add the garlic and cook for 1 minute. Add the tomatoes and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat to medium-low and let simmer for about 5 minutes, until the tomato juices thicken. Remove from the heat. Stir in the parsley, dill, and shrimp and season with salt and pepper. Sprinkle the feta over the top. Bake until the shrimp are cooked through and cheese melts, about 12 minutes. <END>
INPUT: American, pancake, casserole, unsalted butter, all purpose flour, baking powder, baking soda, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sausage-and-Cheese Pancake Breakfast Casserole | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, plus more as necessary and for greasing the baking dish; 1 3/4 cups all-purpose flour; 1 1/2 teaspoons baking powder; 1 teaspoon baking soda; 4 tablespoons sugar; Kosher salt; 1 3/4 cups buttermilk; 7 large eggs; 2 cups half-and-half; 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 8 ounces pre-cooked breakfast sausage patties, crumbled; 8 ounces sharp white Cheddar cheese, shredded; 4 scallions, sliced; Pure maple syrup, for serving (optional) | INSTRUCTIONS: Butter an 8-inch-square baking dish; set aside. Put 3 tablespoons of the butter in a microwave-safe small bowl or liquid measure; microwave for 30 seconds to 1 minute to melt the butter. Whisk together the flour, baking powder, baking soda, 3 tablespoons of the sugar and 1/2 teaspoon salt in a large bowl. In a separate small bowl, whisk together the buttermilk, 2 eggs and the melted butter. Add the wet ingredients to the dry ingredients and stir until just combined. Heat a large nonstick skillet or griddle over medium heat. Melt a little of the remaining 1 tablespoon butter in the skillet. Wor <END>
INPUT: beef brisket, reserved spice rub, onion, garlic, beer
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Brisket with Tangy Mop Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: One 3-pound beef brisket, point cut; 3 tablespoons reserved spice rub from Barbeque Chicken, recipe follows; 1 medium onion, diced; 1 tablespoon chopped garlic; One 12-ounce can beer; 1/4 cup cider vinegar; 2 tablespoons canola oil; 2 tablespoons brown sugar; 2 teaspoons chopped garlic; 1/2 teaspoon red pepper flakes; 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 1 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce; 2 teaspoons hot sauce; 1 tablespoon ketchup; 1/4 cup water | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 300 degrees F. Coat the brisket on all sides with the spice rub. In a roasting pan add the onion, garlic and beer. Arrange the brisket in the roasting pan, loosely cover with foil and put it in the oven for 2 1/2 to 3 hours. Combine all the mop ingredients in a medium pot. Bring to a simmer over medium-low heat and let cook for 5 minutes. Remove from the heat and set aside. Preheat a grill or grill pan over medium-high heat. Remove the brisket from the oven and put it on the grill. Add the liquid from the roasting pan to the mop sauce. Brush the brisket generously with the  <END>
INPUT: beurre, blanc, chicken breasts, Kosher salt pepper, olive oil, potatoes, jalapenos
OUTPUT: TITLE: Crispy Chicken with Jalapeno Beurre Blanc and Spicy Poblano Pepper Puree | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 chicken breasts, skin-on; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 3 tablespoons olive oil, divided; 2 potatoes, sliced 1/2-inch thick; 3 jalapenos; 1 tablespoon olive oil; 1 cup white wine vinegar; 1 cup white wine; 1 garlic clove; 2 sprigs thyme; 2 sticks butter, diced and kept chilled; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 red pepper; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1 onion, diced | INSTRUCTIONS: Chicken: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Season both sides of the chicken with salt and pepper, to taste. In an oven-proof saute pan, heat 1 tablespoon olive oil and sear the chicken, skin side down, until the skin is crisp and golden brown, about 5 minutes. Flip the chicken over and put the pan in the oven until the internal temperature reaches 165 degrees F on an instant-read thermometer, about 15 minutes. Remove to a plate and keep warm. Meanwhile, liberally salt a large pot of water and add the potatoes. Bring the water to a boil over medium heat and cook the potatoes they are fork tend <END>
INPUT: Indian, roast, sweet potatoes, ginger, Thai chili, coriander seeds
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roast Coriander Breast of Duck with Roast Parsnip and Sweet Potato Sauce | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 5 large sweet potatoes; 1 tablespoon fresh ginger, chopped; 1/2 teaspoon chopped Thai chili; 2 tablespoons toasted coriander seeds, crushed; 4 skinless, boneless duck breast, approximately 5 to 7 ounces each; 2 medium skin-on parsnips poached for 15 minutes; 1 tablespoon grapeseed oil; Salt and pepper to taste; 4 sprigs baby pea shoots | INSTRUCTIONS: Cut each potato into 6 long wedges. Save 4 wedges. Juice the remaining wedges in an electric vegetable juicer, and pour the juice through a fine mesh strainer. This will yield approximately 4 cups. Allow the juice to stand for 2 hours. A layer of white starch will form at the bottom of the juice. Pour the juice off the starch into a medium saucepot. Place over a medium flame and reduce to one cup or until the sauce naturally thickens. Remove from the fire and stir in the ginger and Thai chili pepper. Stir until the sauce tastes spicy enough and strain immediately. Split each poached parsnip in <END>
INPUT: Asian, pico, gallo, shrimp, virgin olive oil, ginger root, Kosher salt, papaya
OUTPUT: TITLE: Ginger Shrimp with Papaya Pico de Gallo | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound large shrimp, peeled and deveined; 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1/2 teaspoon grated fresh ginger root; Kosher salt; 3/4 cup diced papaya; 3/4 cup diced tomatoes; 1/2 cup diced yellow onion; 2 serrano peppers, seeded and diced; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro leaves; 2 limes, juiced | INSTRUCTIONS: For the shrimp: toss the shrimp with the olive oil, ginger, and a pinch of salt. Let stand for 10 to 15 minutes or longer in the refrigerator. For the Pico de Gallo: toss together the papaya, tomatoes, onions, serrano peppers (the more peppers, the more the heat, so act accordingly), cilantro, lime juice, and a pinch of salt. Set aside. To serve: Heat the grill and grill the shrimp until cooked through, about 2 minutes per side. Simply plate the grilled shrimp with a nice heaping teaspoon of the Pico de Gallo. The tomatoes and the papaya go smashingly well with the heat of the chili and the tw <END>
INPUT: quail, gravy, grapeseed oil, andouille, garlic, chicken stock, parsley
OUTPUT: TITLE: Andouille Cornbread Stuffed Quail, Red Eye Gravy | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon grapeseed oil; 1/4 cup diced andouille; 1 teaspoon minced garlic; 1/2 cup chicken stock; 1 tablespoon minced fresh parsley; 1 tablespoon minced fresh thyme; 1 teaspoon minced fresh tarragon; 1 teaspoon ginger powder; Salt and ground pepper; 2 cups crushed or pureed cornbread; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1/4 cup minced red onion; 1/4 cup diced tasso ham; 1/4 cup coffee; 1/2 cup veal stock | INSTRUCTIONS: For the stuffing: In a pan over high heat, add the oil and allow to warm. Then reduce the heat and add the andouille and garlic, warming for 2 minutes, stirring throughout. Once warmed, add the stock, herbs, ginger powder and salt and pepper to taste, and again warm for 2 minutes. Once heated, remove and add to the cornbread and fold all the ingredients together. Allow to sit or rest for 20 minutes before stuffing the quail. This will allow all ingredients to bloom together, creating the stuffing. For the red eye gravy: In a small saucepan, warm the butter until melted, and then add the onions <END>
INPUT: green, broth, olive oil, garlic, onion, clam juice, wine
OUTPUT: TITLE: Baby Clams Steamed in Green Onion Broth | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 tablespoons olive oil; 1 tablespoon chopped garlic; 1 small onion, peeled and sliced thin; 3 cups clam juice; 1 cup white wine; 3 tablespoons lemon juice; 1 cup packed parsley leaves; 1 tablespoon honey; Salt and freshly ground pepper; 40 baby clams | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat the oil in a large saucepan over mediumhigh heat until almost smoking and saute the garlic until golden brown. Add the onion and cook until soft. Add the clam juice, wine and lemon juice and bring to a boil. Reduce heat and simmer for 10 minutes. Place the broth in a blender with the parsley, honey and salt and pepper to taste and process until pureed. Combine the broth and clams in a large saucepan over high heat and bring to a boil. Reduce heat , cover the pan and steam the clams until opened. Spoon into large bowls. Serve with garlic bread. <END>
INPUT: fingers, Vegetable oil, all purpose flour, Kosher salt pepper, egg, crunchy cereal
OUTPUT: TITLE: Crunchy Cereal Chicken Fingers | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Vegetable oil, for frying; 1 cup all-purpose flour; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 large egg, beaten; 2 cups crunchy sweetened cereal, such as Cap'n Crunch; 2 boneless, skinless chicken breasts, cut into 1-inch strips; 1/2 cup ketchup; 1/4 cup applesauce; 2 dashes Worcestershire sauce | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Heat 1/4 inch of oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Put the flour in a shallow bowl and add some salt and pepper. Put the egg in a second shallow bowl. Put the cereal in a resealable plastic bag and pound into crumbs with your hands until mostly broken up with some bigger pieces. Transfer the cereal to a third shallow bowl. Dip the chicken strips first in the flour, then the egg and then the cereal. Cook the strips in batches until golden brown and cooked through, 5 to 7 minutes. Drain on paper towels. Stir together the ketchup, applesauce and Worceste <END>
INPUT: margarita, Pizza Dough, virgin olive oil, garlic, loosely fontina, Pecorino Romano
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Pizza Margarita | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 ounces Pizza Dough, recipe follows; 1/4 cup virgin olive oil, for brushing and drizzling; 1/2 teaspoon minced fresh garlic; 1/2 cup loosely packed shredded fontina; 2 tablespoons freshly grated Pecorino Romano; 6 tablespoons chopped canned tomatoes, in heavy puree; 8 basil leaves; 1 tablespoon active dry yeast; 6 cups high-gluten flour; 2 1/2 teaspoons kosher salt; Extra-virgin olive oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Prepare a hot charcoal fire, setting the grill rack 3 to 4 inches above the coals. On a large, oiled, inverted baking sheet, spread and flatten the pizza dough with your hands into a 10 to 12-inch free-form circle, 1/8-inch thick. Do not make a lip. You may end up with a rectangle rather than a circle; the shape is unimportant, but do take care to maintain an even thickness. When the fire is hot (when you can hold your hand over the coals for 3 to 4 seconds at a distance of 5 inches), use your fingertips to lift the dough gently by the 2 corners closest to you, and drape in onto the grill. Cat <END>
INPUT: American, barbecue, olive oil, onion, garlic, cider vinegar, ketchup
OUTPUT: TITLE: Homemade Barbecue Sauce | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1 onion, chopped; 2 cloves garlic, minced; 1/4 cup cider vinegar; 1 1/2 cups ketchup; 2 tablespoons brown sugar; 1 lemon; Tabasco sauce; Salt and pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: In a saucepan, heat oil and cook onion until tender. Stir in garlic and cook for 30 seconds. Stir in vinegar, ketchup, brown sugar and juice of lemon. Simmer for 15 minutes and season with Tabasco, salt and pepper. <END>
INPUT: tapenade, rosemary, porterhouse steaks, olive oil, balsamic vinegar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Porterhouse Steaks with Tapenade and Balsamic Vinegar | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 cup tapenade*; 4 teaspoons chopped fresh rosemary; 2 2-inch-thick porterhouse steaks (about 2 pounds each); 4 teaspoons olive oil; 4 tablespoons balsamic vinegar | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 400°F. Mix tapenade and rosemary in small bowl to blend. Sprinkle steaks with salt and generously with cracked black pepper. Divide olive oil between 2 heavy medium ovenproof skillets set over high heat. Add 1 steak to each skillet and cook until both are browned, about 3 minutes per side. Spread half of tapenade mixture atop each steak. Transfer skillets with steaks to oven. Cook both steaks until thermometer inserted into center of steaks registers 125°F for medium-rare, about 20 minutes. Transfer both steaks to platter. Pour 2 tablespoons balsamic vinegar into each skillet a <END>
INPUT: Mexican, canola olive oil, onion, cumin, garlic, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tequila Chicken | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons canola or olive oil, plus 3 tablespoons; 1/8 cup finely chopped red onion; 1 1/2 tablespoons ground cumin; 1/4 teaspoon chopped garlic; 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt; 2 dashes cayenne pepper (less than 1/8 teaspoon); 1/4 teaspoon granulated garlic; 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh cilantro leaves; 1 pound (2 large half breasts) boneless skinless chicken breast; sliced; completely in half making 4 pieces; 1 -ounce tequila; 4 ounces shredded Colby Jack cheese; Optional garnish (2 tablespoons each serving):; 1 small red onion, diced (use remainder of onion for marinade) | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. In a bowl, place 2 tablespoons canola oil, all marinade ingredients, and chicken, and mix thoroughly. In a large saute pan, heat 3 tablespoons canola oil over medium-high to high heat. Place the coated chicken breasts in the hot pan and sear on one side until golden brown for about 1 minute. Turn and sear the other side for a few seconds more, and sizzle with the tequila. Transfer seared chicken breasts to a lightly greased sheet pan and bake in oven for about 10 minutes until fully cooked. Remove chicken from oven and top with the shredded cheese. Place back in  <END>
INPUT: napoleons, phyllo pastry, powdered sugar, Espresso Pastry Cream, bananas
OUTPUT: TITLE: Espresso-Banana Napoleons | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 sheets fresh phyllo pastry or frozen, thawed; 2 tablespoons (1/4 stick) unsalted butter, melted; 6 teaspoons powdered sugar; Espresso Pastry Cream; 3 medium bananas, cut diagonally into 1/4-inch-thick slices; 1/2 cup walnuts, toasted, finely chopped; Additional powdered sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: Position rack in center of oven and preheat to 350°F. Line heavy large baking sheet with parchment paper. Place 1 phyllo sheet on work surface (cover remaining sheets with plastic wrap and damp towel). Brush phyllo sheet with butter. Sift 2 teaspoons powdered sugar over. Top with second phyllo sheet. Brush with butter; sift 2 teaspoons powdered sugar over. Repeat with remaining phyllo, butter and 2 teaspoons powdered sugar. Cut phyllo stack into eighteen 3-inch squares. Transfer half of phyllo squares to prepared baking sheet. Cover remaining phyllo squares with plastic. Cover phyllo squares o <END>
INPUT: ribs, beef short, Salt pepper, mirepoix, wine, beef stock
OUTPUT: TITLE: Braised Short Ribs with Seared Shrimp and Grits | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 ounces beef short rib; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 4 ounces mirepoix (equal parts chopped celery, carrots and onions); 1 cup red wine; 2 ounces beef stock; 1/2 cup stone-ground white grits; 2 ounces cream cheese or mascarpone; 2 tablespoons sliced green onions; 2 ounces grapeseed oil; 2 ounces green beans; 4 jumbo shrimp (size 16/20), peeled and deveined; 2 ounces goat cheese | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 200 degrees F. Heat a high-sided saute pan over medium-high heat. Sprinkle the beef with salt and pepper, and then sear the meat to render the fat. Add the mirepoix and cook to caramelize the vegetables. Deglaze with the wine and reduce. Add the beef stock, then transfer to the oven and cook until tender, 3 hours. Cook the grits according to the package instructions, then mix in the cream cheese and green onions to finish. Heat the grapeseed oil in a large saute pan and saute the green beans and shrimp until cooked through, 5 minutes. Season with salt and pepper, then add t <END>
INPUT: Mexican, salsa, verde, shallots, garlic, unsalted
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lamb Chops with Pistachio Salsa Verde | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2 medium shallots, coarsely chopped; 1 garlic clove, coarsely chopped; 1 cup (packed) fresh parsley leaves with tender stems; 1/2 cup (packed) fresh mint leaves with tender stems; 1/2 cup unsalted, toasted pistachios; 1/4 cup fresh lemon juice; 2 tablespoons capers; 1/2 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes; 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt; 1/2 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 12 (1-inch-thick) lamb rib or loin chops (about 2 pounds); 1 teaspoon kosher salt; 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Make the Pistachio Salsa Verde: Pulse shallots, garlic, parsley, mint, pistachios, lemon juice, capers, red pepper flakes, and salt in a food processor until coarsely chopped. Scrape into a medium bowl and stir in oil. Pulse shallots, garlic, parsley, mint, pistachios, lemon juice, capers, red pepper flakes, and salt in a food processor until coarsely chopped. Scrape into a medium bowl and stir in oil. Cook the lamb chops: Season lamb chops with salt and pepper; allow to come to room temperature. Prepare a grill or grill pan for medium-high heat. Grill chops, working in batches if needed, unti <END>
INPUT: torte, mayonnaise, hard cook eggs, celery, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Salmon Caviar Torte | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 tablespoons mayonnaise; 3/4 stick (6 tablespoons) unsalted butter, melted and cooled; 8 hard-cook large eggs, chopped fine; 1/2 cup finely chopped celery; 1/3 cup finely chopped red onion; 1 1/2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, or to taste; 1/4 cup finely chopped scallion greens; 1/4 cup minced fresh chives; 1/4 cup minced fresh dill; 8 ounces cream cheese, softened; 1/2 cup sour cream; 6 ounces salmon caviar; Garnish: dill sprigs; Accompaniments: pumpernickel and rye toast points | INSTRUCTIONS: In a bowl whisk together mayonnaise and butter and stir in eggs, celery, onion, lemon juice, and salt and pepper to taste. Spread mixture in an oiled 9-inch springform pan and sprinkle evenly with scallion greens, chives, and dill. In a small bowl stir together cream cheese and sour cream until smooth. Drop dollops of cream-cheese mixture over herbs and spread carefully (keeping herb layer intact) to form an even topping. Chill torte, covered, at least 8 hours and up to 1 day. Just before serving, run a thin knife around edge of pan and remove side. Transfer torte to a serving plate and spread <END>
INPUT: Mexican, vinaigrette, shallot, lime juice, Kosher salt, sesame oil, vegetable oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sesame-Lime Vinaigrette | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 large shallot, finely chopped; 1 cup fresh lime juice; Kosher salt, freshly ground pepper; 1/2 cup toasted sesame oil; 1/2 cup vegetable oil; 1/4 cup soy sauce; 2 tablespoons honey or maple syrup | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine shallot and lime juice in a large jar or medium bowl; season with salt and pepper and let sit 10 minutes. Add sesame oil, vegetable oil, soy sauce, and honey to shallot mixture; cover and shake (or whisk) to combine. Season sesame-lime vinaigrette with salt and pepper. Combine shallot and lime juice in a large jar or medium bowl; season with salt and pepper and let sit 10 minutes. Add sesame oil, vegetable oil, soy sauce, and honey to shallot mixture; cover and shake (or whisk) to combine. Season sesame-lime vinaigrette with salt and pepper. Do Ahead Vinaigrette can be made 1 week ahea <END>
INPUT: Mexican, beef, kosher salt, pepper, Chili Powder, onions
OUTPUT: TITLE: Beef Rib Chili | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 6 pounds beef ribs, see Cook's Note*; 1 1/2 tablespoons kosher salt; 1 tablespoon freshly ground black pepper; 1/2 cup Chili Powder, recipe follows; 2 medium onions, diced; 1/4 cup vegetable oil; 6 cloves garlic, peeled and smashed; 3 tablespoons tomato paste; 2 tablespoons ground cumin; 1 tablespoon ground coriander; 1 tablespoon dried oregano; 1 cup tequila; 2 cans whole tomatoes, crushed (28 ounces); 2 bay leaves; 5 1/2 cups Black Beans, recipe follows | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: a Dutch oven or a large 12-quart pot with tight-fitting lid a food processor Preheat oven to 425 degrees F. Season the ribs with salt, pepper, and 1/4 cup of Chili Powder. Place the ribs on a baking sheet and roast for 25 minutes. Turn the ribs over and continue to roast for another 20 minutes. Heat a large 12-quart pot over medium heat. Cook the onions in vegetable oil for about 5 minutes. Add the garlic, tomato paste, cumin, coriander, oregano, remaining Chili Powder and cook for 1 minute. Add the tequila, and cook for 1 minute. Add the tomatoes and bay leaves. Bring mixtu <END>
INPUT: definitive, mashed, garlic, pure olive oil, Gray sea salt, Yukon Gold potatoes, unsalted butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: The Definitive Mashed Potato with Roasted Garlic | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound whole garlic heads; 1/2 cup pure olive oil; Gray sea salt and freshly ground pepper; 2 pounds Yukon Gold potatoes; 3 sticks unsalted butter, at room temperature; 1 tablespoon garlic paste; 1 1/2 cups heavy cream, or more to taste; Sea salt, preferably gray sea salt, and freshly ground black pepper; 1/2 to 2/3 cup extra-virgin olive oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Start with the roasted garlic: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Peel the outermost layers of skin off the heads of garlic. Cut off the top 1/3 of the heads to open the cloves. Heat olive oil in a large oven-safe saute pan over medium heat. Add garlic, cut sides up, and saute for about 10 minutes. Season with salt and pepper. Transfer pan to the oven and roast for 15 minutes. Remove from heat and let cool. Pop garlic cloves from their skins and place cloves in a blender, along with any olive oil left in the pan. Puree until smooth; you should have a paste-like c <END>
INPUT: American, joan, rombauer, beef briskets, Spicy Barbecue Sauce, mustard, apple cider vinegar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Joan Rombauer's Beef Brisket with Spicy Barbecue Sauce | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 beef briskets, approximately 5 pound each, trim the fat; 4 to 6 (14-ounce) cans beef broth; Spicy Barbecue Sauce, recipe follows; 2 teaspoons dry mustard; 2/3 cups apple cider vinegar; 2 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce; 1/2 cup chili sauce; 1/2 cup brown sugar; 2 teaspoons salt; 1/2 teaspoon hot pepper sauce; 2 medium onions diced | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Place the briskets in a large roasting pan. Add enough beef broth to cover briskets by a minimum of 1 inch. Cover the roasting pan and cook 3 to 4 hours until fork inserts easily into meat. During the last hour of cooking reduce the oven temperature to 325 degrees F. You will notice that the beef broth has been reduced and the top of the brisket is visible. Pour the "Spicy Barbecue Sauce" on the top and continue baking until done. Check the brisket approximately every 20 minutes. Serve briskets with pan juices over mashed potatoes. Combine ingredients and add to  <END>
INPUT: American, boxes chocolate cake, whipped chocolate frosting, All purpose flour, pie crust
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cherry Pie Stuffed Chocolate Cake | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 4 boxes chocolate cake mix, baked, cooled and leveled; 3 cans store-bought whipped chocolate frosting; Nonstick cooking spray; All-purpose flour, for dusting; 1 pie crust, recipe follows or store-bought; One 12-ounce can cherry pie filling; Confectioners' sugar, for garnish; 1 1/2 pounds all-purpose flour; 1/2 cup plus 2 tablespoons sugar; 1 teaspoon salt; 1 pound (4 sticks) cold butter, cubed; 1/4 cup heavy cream; 4 egg yolks | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Special equipment: A 4-inch round cutter; a ruler Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Use a 4-inch round cutter to cut out a hole in the exact center of two of the cakes. Using an offset spatula or butter knife, add a 1/4-inch layer of the frosting to one of the whole cakes, which will become the bottom layer. Then place one cake with a hole in it over the top of the bottom layer. Frost that cake with a 1/4-inch layer of frosting. Place the second cake with the hole over the top and frost that cake with a 1/4-inch layer of frosting. Set the remaining whole cake as <END>
INPUT: American, garlicky, garlic, virgin olive oil, Yukon Golds new, Salt, milk
OUTPUT: TITLE: Garlicky Goat Cheese Potatoes | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 3 heads garlic, cloves separated but not peeled; 1/2 cup extra virgin olive oil; 2 1/2 pounds Yukon Golds or new potatoes; Salt; 3/4 cup milk, plus extra if needed; 4 to 6 ounces (1/2 to 3/4 cup) fresh goat cheese, softened | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Place the unpeeled garlic cloves in a small ovenproof container and cover with the olive oil. Cover with a lid or aluminum foil. Place in the oven and roast for 20 minutes, or until the cloves are tender when tested with the tip of a knife. Remove the garlic cloves and place on a plate to cool. Strain the olive oil and reserve for later use. Squeeze the roasted garlic out of the skins when cool enough to handle. Puree the garlic by chopping and smashing it with the blade and side of a knife, or with a mortar and pestle. Meanwhile, peel the potatoes and cut th <END>
INPUT: french, virgin olive oil, shallots, garlic, mussels, wine
OUTPUT: TITLE: Classic French Mussels | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 2 shallots, finely chopped; 4 garlic cloves, finely chopped; 2 pounds mussels, cleaned; 1 cup dry white wine; 1/2 cup heavy cream; 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, cut into pieces; 1/2 bunch fresh parsley, chopped; Kosher salt; Crusty bread, to serve | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat the olive oil in a large pot over medium-high heat. Add the shallots and garlic and cook until softened, about 5 minutes. Add the mussels, wine, cream, butter, and parsley and season well with salt. Give it a good stir, cover the pot, and cook until mussels open and are cooked through, about 10 to 15 minutes. Divide the mussels and the juices between 2 bowls and serve with the crusty bread. <END>
INPUT: Asian, japanese, karaage, salt, pepper, sake, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Japanese Fried Chicken (Chicken Karaage) | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 12 ounces boneless, skinless chicken thighs; 1 teaspoon salt; 1/2 teaspoon ground white pepper; 1 tablespoon sake; 1 teaspoon grated garlic; 1 teaspoon grated fresh ginger; 1 teaspoon sesame oil; 1/2 teaspoon usukuchi soy sauce*; 1 egg, beaten; 3 teaspoons cornstarch; 2 cups vegetable oil; 1 lemon, cut into wedges | INSTRUCTIONS: Rinse the chicken, cut off any excess fat and pat dry with paper towels. Sprinkle the chicken with 1/2 teaspoon of the salt and the pepper. Using a sharp knife, score the chicken, especially in fibrous parts of the meat. Use the point of the knife to poke small holes in the chicken, then cut the chicken in bite-size (1 1/2-inch) pieces. In a mixing bowl combine the chicken, sake, garlic, ginger, sesame oil, soy sauce and the remaining 1/2 teaspoon salt. Mix well, rubbing the marinade into the chicken. Marinate for 2 hours in the refrigerator. Add the egg slowly to the chicken while mixing with <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, butter, pine nuts, shallots, cinnamon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Toasted Israeli Couscous with Pine Nuts and Parsley | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 5 tablespoons butter, divided; 2/3 cup pine nuts (about 3 1/2 ounces); 2/3 cup finely chopped shallots; 3 cups (16 ounces) Israeli toasted couscous; 1 large cinnamon stick; 2 fresh or dried bay leaves; 3 3/4 cups canned low-salt chicken broth; 1 teaspoon salt; 1/2 cup minced fresh Italian parsley | INSTRUCTIONS: Melt 1 tablespoon butter in heavy large saucepan over medium-low heat. Add pine nuts and stir until golden brown, about 8 minutes. Transfer to small bowl. Melt remaining 4 tablespoons butter in same pan over medium heat. Add shallots and sauté until golden, about 10 minutes. Add couscous, cinnamon stick, and 2 bay leaves and stir until couscous browns slightly, stirring often, about 5 minutes. Add broth and salt and bring to boil. Reduce heat to low; cover and simmer until couscous is tender and liquid is absorbed, about 10 minutes. Stir in parsley and pine nuts. Season with black pepper. Tran <END>
INPUT: Italian, spinach, Kosher salt, manicotti shells, marinara sauce, ricotta cheese
OUTPUT: TITLE: Manicotti | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound fresh spinach, stems trimmed and well washed or a 10-ounce package frozen spinach, thawed; Kosher salt, plus 1/2 teaspoon; 12 manicotti shells; 3 cups marinara sauce, recipe follows; 1 1/2 cups ricotta cheese (about 1 pound); 1 cup shredded mozzarella cheese (about 4 ounces); 1 cup freshly grated Parmesan cheese or a mixture of half Pecorino and Parmesan; 2 large eggs, lightly beaten; Pinch freshly grated nutmeg; Freshly ground pepper; 2 teaspoons unsalted butter, diced; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1/4 medium onion, diced (about 3 tablespoons); 3 cloves garlic, chopped; 3 1/2 cups whole, peeled, canned tomatoes in puree, (one 28-ounce can), roughly chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring a large pot of water to a boil over high heat, and season generously with salt. Fill a medium bowl with ice water and season with salt, as well. Boil the spinach, uncovered, until tender, about 3 to 4 minutes. Remove with a slotted spoon, (do not drain), and immediately plunge the spinach into the ice water. Drain and squeeze the excess water from the spinach, and finely chop. Alternatively, if using thawed spinach, simply squeeze, and finely chop. In the same large pot of boiling water, cook the pasta shells until al dente, tender but still slightly firm. Drain and pat dry. Preheat the  <END>
INPUT: southern, chicken, garlic, corn kernels, buttermilk, ranch dressing, onions
OUTPUT: TITLE: Corn Dressing for Southern Fried Chicken | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons minced garlic; 4 cups corn kernels; 2 cups buttermilk; 4 cups ranch dressing; 4 green onions, diced | INSTRUCTIONS: In a medium saute pan over low heat, add the corn and the garlic and stir together until heated through. Put the corn mixture into a blender and finely chop. Add the buttermilk, ranch dressing and green onions to a large bowl. Stir in the corn mixture and serve over fried chicken. <END>
INPUT: olive oil, onion, allspice, water
OUTPUT: TITLE: Wild Rice-Stuffed Grape Leaves | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 tablespoons olive oil; 1 onion, chopped; 2/3 cup (about 4 1/2 ounces) Uncle Ben's Long Grain and Wild Rice; 1/2 teaspoon ground allspice; 1 1/2 cups water; 1/4 cup dried currants; 1/4 cup pine nuts; 1 8-ounce jar grape leaves,* drained; 1/4 cup water; 1/4 cup fresh lemon juice; Fresh lemon wedges; Chopped fresh parsley; *Available at Greek, Middle Eastern and most Italian markets | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat 2 tablespoons oil in heavy medium saucepan over medium heat. Add onion and sauté until tender, about 5 minutes. Add rice and allspice and stir 30 seconds. Add 1 1/2 cups water and currants and bring to boil. Reduce heat to low, cover and simmer until water is absorbed and rice is tender, about 20 minutes. Remove from heat. Heat 1 tablespoon oil in heavy small skillet over medium-low heat. Add pine nuts and sauté until golden brown, about 6 minutes. Mix nut mixture into rice. Season with salt and pepper. Bring large pot of water to boil. Add grape leaves and stir to separate. Turn off heat <END>
INPUT: sauce, Roma tomatoes, olive oil, kosher salt, pepper, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tomato Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 20 Roma tomatoes, halved and seeded; 1/4 cup olive oil; 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt; 1 teaspoon pepper; 1 cup finely diced onion; 2 teaspoons minced garlic; 1 tablespoon finely chopped oregano leaves; 1 tablespoon finely chopped thyme leaves; 1 cup white wine | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat oven to 325 degrees F. In 2 (13 by 9-inch) pans place tomato halves cut side up. Sprinkle with oil, salt and pepper, onion, garlic, and herbs. Bake tomatoes for 2 hours. Check the tomatoes after 1 hour and turn down the heat if they seem to be cooking too quickly. Then turn the oven to 400 degrees and bake another 30 minutes. Remove from the oven and process tomatoes through a food mill on medium dye setting over a small saucepan. Discard skins. Add white wine, bring to a boil, reduce heat to low and cook for 5 minutes. <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, citrus, balsamic vinegar, Dijon mustard, orange peel, grapefruit peel, honey
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Beets and Citrus with Feta | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons balsamic vinegar; 2 teaspoons Dijon mustard; 2 teaspoons finely grated orange peel; 2 teaspoons finely grated grapefruit peel; 1 teaspoon honey; 1/3 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 4 2 1/2-inch-diameter unpeeled beets, tops trimmed; 1 tablespoon olive oil; 1 6-ounce bag baby spinach; 2 small pink or ruby grapefruits, all peel and pith cut away, segments cut from between membranes; 2 oranges, all peel and pith cut away, segments cut from between membranes; 3/4 cup crumbled feta cheese (4 ounces); 1/4 cup chopped fresh chives | INSTRUCTIONS: Vinaigrette: Whisk vinegar, mustard, citrus peels, and honey in small bowl. gradually whisk in oil. Season vinaigrette with salt and freshly ground black pepper. Whisk vinegar, mustard, citrus peels, and honey in small bowl. gradually whisk in oil. Season vinaigrette with salt and freshly ground black pepper. Salad: Preheat oven to 400°F. Toss beets and oil in large bowl; sprinkle with salt and pepper. Wrap each beet in foil. place directly on oven rack; roast until tender, 60 to 70 minutes. Open foil; cool 30 minutes. Rub skins off beets; cut each into 8 wedges. Sprinkle with salt and pepper. <END>
INPUT: hurricane, scoops chocolate ice, chocolate syrup, coffee liqueur, dark creme de, vodka
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate Hurricane | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 scoops chocolate ice cream, semi-melted; 2 ounces chocolate syrup; 1 ounce coffee liqueur; 2 ounces dark creme de cacao liqueur; 2 ounces vodka, such as Tito's; Whipped cream, for topping; Chocolate or hazelnut sticks, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Fill a cocktail shaker with ice. Add the chocolate ice cream, chocolate syrup, coffee liqueur, creme de cacao and vodka. Shake well and strain into two chilled hurricane glasses. Top each with a dollop of whipped cream and garnish with a chocolate stick. <END>
INPUT: Italian, chunky, sauce, olive oil, shallots, uncooked shrimp, tomato paste, wine
OUTPUT: TITLE: Shrimp with Chunky Tomato-Saffron Sauce | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup olive oil; 2 large shallots, chopped; 1 pound uncooked large shrimp, peeled, deveined, tails left intact; 1 tablespoon tomato paste; 1/2 cup dry white wine; 1/8 teaspoon dried crushed red pepper; 2 generous pinches saffron threads; 1 14 1/2-ounce can diced peeled tomatoes in juice; 4 large garlic cloves, minced; 1/2 teaspoon grated orange peel; 1/2 cup whipping cream; Salt and pepper; 8 ounces fettuccine; 1 teaspoon minced fresh oregano; 1/4 cup minced fresh parsley | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat oil in heavy large skillet over medium-high heat. Add shallots and sauté 2 minutes. Add shrimp and cook until just pink, about 3 minutes. Transfer shrimp to bowl using slotted spoon. Add tomato paste to same skillet and stir 1 minute. Add wine, crushed red pepper and saffron and boil 2 minutes. Add tomatoes, garlic and orange peel and cook until reduced to sauce consistency, stirring frequently, about 5 minutes. Add cream and simmer sauce 3 minutes. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Cook fettuccine in large pot of boiling salted water until just tender but still firm to bite, stirring <END>
INPUT: Italian, twists, sheet puff pastry, sun tomato pesto, Parmesan
OUTPUT: TITLE: Puff Pastry Twists with Sun-Dried Tomato Pesto | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 sheet frozen puff pastry, thawed according to package directions; 1/4 cup prepared sun-dried tomato pesto; 1/4 cup grated Parmesan | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Roll puff pastry into a 12 by 15-inch rectangle. Spread pesto evenly over pastry, to within 1/8-inch of the edges. Fold dough in half lengthwise. Roll dough out again into a 12 by 5-inch rectangle. Sprinkle Parmesan over new rectangle. Cut dough crosswise into 1/2-inch thick strips. Twist each strip into a corkscrew. Arrange twists on a large baking sheet and press down ends to prevent unrolling. Bake 10 minutes, until puffed up and golden brown. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, soup, onion, garlic, bell pepper, hot pepper flakes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Black Bean and Chorizo Soup | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 (3- to 4-ounce) link of Spanish chorizo (spicy cured pork sausage), coarsely chopped; 1 medium onion, chopped; 1 large garlic clove, finely chopped; 1/2 green bell pepper, chopped; 1/4 teaspoon dried hot red pepper flakes; 1/2 teaspoon ground cumin; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 2 1/2 to 3 cups chicken broth; 2 (15- to 19-ounce) cans black beans, rinsed and drained; Garnish: rounds of thinly sliced lemon and chopped fresh cilantro | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook chorizo, onion, garlic, bell pepper, pepper flakes, cumin, and salt in oil in a 3-quart heavy saucepan over moderate heat, stirring, until vegetables are softened, about 10 minutes. Add broth (2 1/2 cups for smaller cans of beans or 3 cups for larger) and beans and simmer, partially covered, 15 minutes. Lightly mash beans with a potato masher to slightly thicken. Cook chorizo, onion, garlic, bell pepper, pepper flakes, cumin, and salt in oil in a 3-quart heavy saucepan over moderate heat, stirring, until vegetables are softened, about 10 minutes. Add broth (2 1/2 cups for smaller cans of  <END>
INPUT: French, boys, mayonnaise, sweet pickle, hard boiled egg, shallot, bottled capers
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fried Oyster Po' Boys | CUISINE: French | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup mayonnaise; 1/4 cup minced sweet pickle; 1 hard-boiled large egg, forced through a coarse sieve; 2 tablespoons minced shallot; 2 tablespoons drained bottled capers; 1/2 teaspoon crumbled dried tarragon; 2 tablespoons Creole or Dijon mustard; 2 tablespoons minced fresh parsley leaves; 1 teaspoon fresh lemon juice; 24 shucked oysters, drained; Yellow cornmeal, seasoned with freshly ground black pepper and cayenne, for coating; Vegetable oil, for deep-frying; 2 loaves soft-crusted French bread; Sliced tomatoes; Shredded iceberg lettuce | INSTRUCTIONS: Make tartar sauce: In a small bowl stir together sauce ingredients. In a heavy kettle heat 1 1/2 inches of oil to 375 degrees on a deep-fat thermometer. In a heavy-duty plastic bag, working in batches of 6, coat oysters with cornmeal, knocking off excess. Fry oysters in batches of 6, turning occasionally, until golden and just cooked through, about 1 1/2 minutes. Transfer oysters with a slotted spoon to paper towels to drain. Halve loaves crosswise and horizontally, cutting all the way through and spread each piece with about 2 tablespoons tartar sauce. Divide the tomatoes, lettuce, and oyster <END>
INPUT: American, spiced, cake, vegetable oil, gluten free all, baking powder, baking soda, kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spiced Honey Cake With Cream Cheese Frosting | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: Nonstick vegetable oil spray; 2 cups gluten-free all-purpose baking flour; 1 1/2 teaspoons baking powder; 1/2 teaspoon baking soda; 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt; 1 1/2 teaspoons ground cinnamon; 1/2 teaspoon ground ginger; 1/8 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg; 2/3 cup granulated sugar; 1/4 cup (packed) light brown sugar; 1/2 cup vegetable oil; 1/2 cup honey; 1 large egg; 1 large egg yolk; 1/2 vanilla bean, split lengthwise | INSTRUCTIONS: Cake: Preheat oven to 350°F. Coat a 9" cake pan with nonstick spray and line bottom with a parchment paper round. Whisk flour, baking powder, baking soda, salt, cinnamon, ginger, and nutmeg in a large bowl to combine. Combine granulated sugar, brown sugar, oil, honey, egg, and egg yolk in another large bowl. Scrape in seeds from vanilla bean; discard pod. Using an electric mixer on medium speed, beat mixture until pale and thickened, about 4 minutes. Reduce speed to medium-low and gradually pour in orange juice and whey. Beat until frothy, about 2 minutes. Reduce speed to low and gradually add <END>
INPUT: Kosher salt, rigatoni, virgin olive oil, sweet Italian sausage, unsalted butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Rigatoni with Swiss Chard and Sausage | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Kosher salt; 12 ounces rigatoni; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 12 ounces sweet Italian sausage, casings removed, crumbled; 4 tablespoons unsalted butter; 6 cloves garlic, chopped; 1 bunch Swiss chard, stems removed, leaves chopped; 1 tablespoon plus 1 teaspoon all-purpose flour; 1 3/4 cups milk (not skim); 1/2 cup grated parmesan cheese (about 1 ounce); Grated zest of 2 lemons; Freshly ground pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add the pasta and cook as the label directs. Reserve 1/2 cup cooking water, then drain the pasta. Meanwhile, heat the olive oil in a large Dutch oven or wide skillet over medium-high heat. Add the sausage and cook until browned, about 5 minutes. Transfer to a plate using a slotted spoon; set aside. Wipe the Dutch oven clean; add the butter and melt over medium heat. Add the garlic and cook, stirring, until slightly softened, 1 to 2 minutes. Add the chard and cook, stirring occasionally, until wilted, 3 to 4 minutes. Sprinkle in the flour and cook, s <END>
INPUT: American, asparagus, Neelys BBQ seasoning, olive oil, Salt pepper, Barbecue butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Asparagus with Barbecue Butter | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 pounds large asparagus, trimmed; 1 teaspoon Neelys BBQ seasoning, recipe follows; 1 tablespoon olive oil; Salt and pepper; Barbecue butter; 1 tablespoon Neelys BBQ seasoning, recipe follows; 1 stick butter, slightly softened; 4 ounces paprika; 2 ounces white sugar; 1 teaspoon onion powder | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Break off ends of asparagus. For the butter: Mix rub into butter. Spread the butter mixture lengthwise across a piece of plastic wrap. Roll the butter up tightly into a log and twist the ends. Refrigerate. Preheat grill. If using a stovetop grill, use medium-high heat. Gently toss asparagus with seasoning, oil and salt and pepper, to taste. Grill asparagus until tender, turning once, about 6 minutes. Serve with barbecue butter. Mix ingredients together and store in an airtight container for up to 6 months. <END>
INPUT: ever, turnips, butter, garlic, Salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: The Best Ever Turnips | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 pounds white turnips, peeled and cut into 1/2 inch pieces; 12 to 16 tablespoons butter; 1 head of garlic, peeled; Salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring a lot of salted water to a boil and parboil the turnips for 7 minutes; add the garlic and boil 1 minute longer; drain. Melt 8 to 12 tablespoons of butter and cook the garlic and turnips, covered, over low heat for 5 minutes. Transfer turnips and garlic to a food processor and puree until smooth, adding 4 more tablespoons butter with the machine turned on. Season well with salt and pepper and, if made in advance, reheat in a double boiler. <END>
INPUT: sour, salad, Napa cabbage, scallion, seasoned rice vinegar, ginger, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Hot-and-Sour Cabbage Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound Napa cabbage (1/2 head), thinly shredded; 1 scallion, thinly sliced; 1/4 cup seasoned rice vinegar; 1 tablespoon minced peeled fresh ginger; 1 teaspoon sugar; 1/2 to 3/4 teaspoon dried hot red pepper flakes | INSTRUCTIONS: Put cabbage and scallion in a large bowl. Bring vinegar, ginger, sugar, and red pepper flakes (to taste) to a boil in a small saucepan over moderate heat, stirring until sugar is dissolved. Pour hot dressing over cabbage, tossing to combine. Put cabbage and scallion in a large bowl. Bring vinegar, ginger, sugar, and red pepper flakes (to taste) to a boil in a small saucepan over moderate heat, stirring until sugar is dissolved. Pour hot dressing over cabbage, tossing to combine. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, salsa, plum tomatoes, scallions, jalapeño, corn kernels, lime juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Avocado Toast with Tomato-Corn Salsa | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 3 plum tomatoes, diced; 2 scallions, trimmed, thinly sliced; 1 jalapeño, finely chopped; 1 cup fresh corn kernels (from about 2 cobs); 4 tablespoons fresh lime juice (from about 2 limes); Kosher salt; 3 avocados, sliced; 6 slices crusty white bread (such as country bread), toasted | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine tomatoes, scallions, jalapeño, corn, and lime juice in a medium bowl. Season with salt. Using a fork, gently smash avocado slices evenly onto each toast. Top each generously with tomato-corn salsa. Combine tomatoes, scallions, jalapeño, corn, and lime juice in a medium bowl. Season with salt. Using a fork, gently smash avocado slices evenly onto each toast. Top each generously with tomato-corn salsa. <END>
INPUT: roast, garlic, olive oil, Kosher salt, tarragon, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Garlic and Orange Roast Chicken | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 head garlic; 4 tablespoons olive oil, plus more for drizzling; Kosher salt; 4 fresh tarragon sprigs, coarsely chopped (about 1 1/2 tablespoons), plus 1 sprig for garnish; Freshly ground pepper; 1 (3 1/2-pound) whole chicken; 1/2 an orange; 2 delicata or acorn squash, seeded; 6 ounces shiitake caps, halved | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Cut the top 1/4-inch from the garlic head, then drizzle with oil, and sprinkle with a pinch of salt. Wrap the garlic in foil, then place in the oven and roast until golden, about 40 minutes. Let cool, then peel and smash the cloves into a paste. 2. Mix half the chopped tarragon with the garlic, season with salt and pepper, then place the paste between the flesh and skin of the chicken. Slice the skin on the thighs, then coat with the paste. Sprinkle the chicken cavity with the remaining chopped tarragon, salt, and pepper. Squeeze the orange over the chicke <END>
INPUT: escovitched, Salt, pepper, limes, flour
OUTPUT: TITLE: Escovitched Fish | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 12 (8 to 10 ounce) whole fish, i.e. mullets, bass, snapper, scaled and gutted; Salt; Fresh ground pepper; 2 limes, juiced; 1/2 cup flour; Vegetable oil, for frying; 4 medium onions, sliced; 1 to 2 Scotch bonnet peppers, julienne; 1 to 2 red peppers, julienne; 1 cup water; 1 cup white vinegar; 1 tablespoon sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: Rinse the fish with a mixture of water and lime juice, pat dry, and then score the fish on both sides with a sharp knife. Salt and pepper the fish inside and out. Lightly dust the fish with flour. Heat 1/2-inch of oil in a skillet. Fry the fish in a single layer until golden and crisp. When all the fish are done, set aside. Pour off some of the oil leaving just enough to saute the onions until softened. Then add the Scotch Bonnet and red peppers, saute 1 minute more. Pour the onion mixture over the fish. In the same skillet bring water, vinegar, and sugar to a boil. Immediately pour over the f <END>
INPUT: Italian, vegetable, broccoli, mushrooms, bell pepper, butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Vegetable Pasta | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 (16-ounce) package penne pasta; 2 cups chopped broccoli; 1 cup sliced mushrooms; 1 cup chopped green bell pepper; 1 tablespoon butter; 1 onion, chopped; 1 clove garlic, minced; 1/4 cup all-purpose flour; 4 cups nonfat milk; 1/2 cup grated Parmesan; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 5 tablespoons chopped fresh basil, divided; 1/3 cup dry bread crumbs; 2 tablespoons grated Parmesan cheese; Butter-flavored cooking spray | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil. Add pasta and cook. With 6 to 8 minutes left on the pasta, stir in broccoli, mushrooms and green peppers, and cook 6 to 8 minutes more, or until pasta is al dente; drain. Meanwhile, melt butter in a medium saucepan over medium-high heat. Saute onions and garlic for 1 to 2 minutes. Stir in flour and milk; cook 5 minutes, or until mixture coats the back of a spoon. Remove from heat and stir in 1/2 cup Parmesan cheese, salt and pepper, to taste. Spray a 9 by 13 inch-baking dish with cooking spray.  <END>
INPUT: roast, sauce, chop racks lamb, Dijon mustard, breadcrumbs, mint
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roast Rack of Lamb with Mint Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 8-chop racks of lamb, trimmed; 6 tablespoons Dijon mustard; 3 cups fresh white breadcrumbs; 6 tablespoons chopped fresh mint; Fresh mint sprigs; 1 cup plus 2 tablespoons chopped fresh mint; 1/2 cup canned beef broth; 1/3 cup minced shallots; 6 tablespoons red wine vinegar; 1/4 cup sugar; 2 teaspoons cornstarch | INSTRUCTIONS: To make lamb: Preheat oven to 450°F. Sprinkle lamb with salt and pepper. Spread 1 tablespoon mustard on each side of each lamb rack. Mix breadcrumbs and mint in medium bowl. Press breadcrumb mixture onto lamb, coating completely. Arrange lamb, meat side up, on large baking sheet with rim. Roast lamb 10 minutes. Reduce oven temperature to 350°F. Roast until thermometer inserted into lamb registers 130°F. for medium-rare, about 20 minutes longer. Transfer lamb to work surface. Tent with foil; let stand 5 minutes. Cut lamb racks between bones into chops. Arrange chops on plates. Garnish with mint <END>
INPUT: American, tomatoes, Kosher salt, Dijon mustard, Gruyere
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tomato Pie | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 (9-inch) frozen pie shell, thawed; 3 large tomatoes, about 1 1/2 pounds, cut into 1/2-inch-thick slices; Kosher salt, for sprinkling; 1/4 cup Dijon mustard; 1 cup coarsely grated Gruyere; 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh parsley leaves; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh thyme leaves; 1 garlic clove, minced; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; Additional kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Line the shell with foil and fill with pie weights, dried beans, or rice. Bake in the lower third of the oven for 20 minutes. Carefully remove the weights and foil. Return to the oven and bake for 10 minutes more or until light golden. Cool in the pan on a wire rack. Turn up the oven to 400 degrees F. Sprinkle the tomatoes with salt and drain in a colander for 10 to 15 minutes. Spread the mustard over the bottom of the shell and sprinkle the cheese over it. Arrange the tomatoes over the cheese in 1 overlapping layer. Bake until the pastry is golden brown and  <END>
INPUT: grits, corn, onion, thyme, garlic, bay leaves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fresh Corn "Grits" | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 ears corn; 1 large onion; 8 fresh thyme sprigs; 4 garlic cloves; 3 bay leaves; 1 tablespoon black peppercorns; Extra-virgin olive oil, for coating the pan; Kosher salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Pull back the husks from the corn to expose about 3 inches of the cob. Place the corn on a sheet pan. Quarter the onion and add it to the sheet pan. Roast until the husks start to brown and the corn is just cooked, about 20 minutes. Remove the husks and silks from the corn. Stand each cob on its end in another sheet pan and, holding the top, slice downward along the cob to remove the kernels. (Doing this over a sheet pan catches the kernels for you.) Set the kernels aside. Place the cobs, roasted onion, thyme sprigs, garlic, bay leaves and peppercorns in a po <END>
INPUT: wrapped, orange, hot chile, scallions, cilantro leaves, virgin olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Bacon Wrapped Shrimp | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 orange, sectioned, seeded (if there are any) and chopped; 1 hot red chile, stemmed and chopped; 2 scallions, white and green parts, chopped; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro leaves; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 8 large shrimp, shelled and deveined; 3 to 4 slices bacon, cut into 2 to 3-inch sections; 8 leaves bibb or Boston lettuce | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the broiler. In a bowl, stir together the chopped orange, chile, scallions, cilantro, olive oil, and salt and pepper. Wrap each shrimp in a section of bacon and secure with a toothpick. Put the shrimp on a baking sheet and broil, turning once, until the bacon is crisp and the shrimp is cooked through, 2 to 3 minutes each side. To serve, lay a lettuce leaf on the cutting board. Remove the toothpick from 1 of the cooked shrimp and center the shrimp on the lettuce leaf. Spoon a little of the citrus sauce on top, wrap it all up in the lettuce like a burrito,  <END>
INPUT: cocktail, baskets raspberries, sugar, raspberry liqueur, cognac other brandy, sugar cubes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Raspberry Champagne Cocktail | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 1/2-pint baskets fresh raspberries; 2 tablespoons sugar; 1/2 cup plus 2 tablespoons raspberry liqueur; 1/4 cup cognac or other brandy; 8 sugar cubes; 1 750-ml bottled chilled brut champagne; Fresh raspberries; Lemon peel strips | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine 2 baskets raspberries and 2 tablespoons sugar in medium bowl. Mash berries lightly with fork. Let stand 15 minutes. Mix in liqueur and brandy. Pour into jar. Cover and let stand in dark cupboard 3 days. Strain raspberry mixture, pressing on solids with spoon to extract as much liquid as possible. (Can be made 1 month ahead. Cover; chill.) Place 1 sugar cube in each of eight 6-ounce champagne flutes. Pour 2 tablespoons raspberry mixture over each sugar cube. Pour champagne over to fill glasses. Garnish each with raspberries and lemon peel. Combine 2 baskets raspberries and 2 tablespoons <END>
INPUT: olive oil, lemon, onion, onions, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chickpeas and Chard with Poached Eggs | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons plus 1/4 cup olive oil; 1/2 lemon; 1 small onion, halved, plus; 2 medium onions, chopped; 6 garlic cloves, smashed, divided; 2 bay leaves; 1 cup dried chickpeas, soaked overnight, drained; 2 teaspoons kosher salt, plus more; 1 Fresno chile, finely chopped; 1 teaspoon baharat; 2 large bunches Swiss chard, ribs and stems removed and thinly sliced, leaves torn into 1" pieces; 3 tablespoons dried barberries or dried unsweetened cranberries; 8 large eggs; Labneh (Lebanese strained yogurt; for serving); 1 tablespoon fresh marjoram leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat 2 tablespoons oil in a medium saucepan over medium-high. Add lemon and halved onion, cut side down, and 2 garlic cloves and cook, turning garlic occasionally, until golden brown, about 4 minutes. Add bay leaves and chickpeas; add water to cover by 1". Bring to a boil and skim surface. Reduce heat, cover, and gently simmer 30 minutes. Stir in 2 teaspoons salt and continue to simmer until chickpeas are tender, 10–20 minutes. Remove from heat; discard lemon, onion, and bay leaves. Meanwhile, heat remaining 1/4 cup oil in a large straight-sided skillet over medium. Add chopped onion, chile, b <END>
INPUT: oven, fillets catfish, milk, cornmeal, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Oven Fried Catfish | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 8 fillets boneless catfish; 2 cups milk; 3 1/2 cups white cornmeal; 3 1/2 cups yellow cornmeal, coarser grind; 1 teaspoon salt; 1 teaspoon red pepper; 1 teaspoon black pepper; 4 tablespoons granulated garlic; 4 tablespoons thyme, dried; Cajun seasoning; 1/4 cup melted butter or butter cooking spray; Tartar sauce, optional | INSTRUCTIONS: Soak catfish in milk for approximately 1 hour, in the refrigerator. In a bowl, mix together white and yellow cornmeal. Spice up the cornmeal with salt, red and black pepper, granulated garlic, thyme, and Cajun seasoning, to taste. Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. Take the fish out of the milk and shake off the excess milk. Dip the fish fillets in the spiced cornmeal mixture. Put the fillets on a buttered cookie sheet and drizzle butter over the fish. Or you can use a butter spray. Bake fish in oven for approximately 10 minutes. Time may vary depending on the thickness of fillet. Fish should get  <END>
INPUT: Indian, pound, cake, egg yolks, granulated sugar, mango chutney, mango nectar, unsalted butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mango Coriander Pound Cake Cupcakes with Mango Chutney Filling and Sweetened Condensed Milk Whipped  | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 8 ounces egg yolks (about 8 large egg yolks); 8 ounces granulated sugar; 8 ounces mango chutney, divided; 4 ounces mango nectar; 6 to 8 ounces unsalted butter, at room temperature, cut into chunks; 1 ripe Alphonso or Champagne mango, peeled and chopped finely; 1 1/2 sticks unsalted butter, at room temperature; 3 cups all-purpose flour; 3 teaspoons baking powder; 3 teaspoons coriander powder; 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt; 1 cup brown sugar; 1 cup granulated sugar; 3 whole large eggs plus 1 egg white; 1/2 cup milk | INSTRUCTIONS: For the mango chutney curd: Put a small pot filled with 1-inch of water on the stovetop to boil. In a medium stainless steel bowl, whisk the egg yolks and sugar until combined. Add 4 ounces of the mango chutney and the mango nectar. Whisk until combined. Place the bowl on top of the pot of boiling water. Reduce the heat to a simmer. Whisk continuously until the mixture reduces and thickens to the consistency of sour cream, 10 to 20 minutes. Take the mixture off the stove. Add the butter and whisk until the butter is fully incorporated. Fold in remaining 4 ounces mango chutney and the mango chu <END>
INPUT: Mexican, garlic, cumin, cardamom, lime juice, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lamb Chops with Cumin, Cardamom, and Lime | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 3 garlic cloves, finely chopped; 1/4 teaspoon ground cumin; 1/4 teaspoon ground cardamom; 2 tablespoons fresh lime juice; 3/4 teaspoon salt; 1/2 teaspoon black pepper; 2 tablespoons plus 2 teaspoons olive oil; 8 (1/2- to 3/4-inch-thick) rib lamb chops (2 lb) | INSTRUCTIONS: Whisk together garlic, cumin, cardamom, lime juice, salt, pepper, and 2 teaspoons oil and transfer to a sealable plastic bag just large enough to hold lamb. Add lamb and seal bag, forcing out excess air, then massage lamb until evenly coated. Marinate at room temperature, turning bag occasionally, 15 minutes. Heat 1 tablespoon oil in a 12-inch nonstick skillet over moderately high heat until hot but not smoking, then cook half of lamb about 3 minutes each side for medium-rare. Transfer cooked lamb to a platter. Wipe out skillet, then heat remaining tablespoon oil and cook remaining lamb in sam <END>
INPUT: foie, gras, duck breasts, salt, dark sugar, Asian five spice, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Duck, Duck, Duck: Smoked Breast, Grilled Foie Gras and Barbequed Thighs | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 duck breasts, 3/4 pound each, boned; 1 teaspoon salt; 1 teaspoon dark brown sugar; 1 teaspoon Asian five-spice powder; 1 teaspoon black pepper; 4 ounces apple cider; 2 ounces apple cider vinegar; 1 tablespoon garlic, minced; 1 tablespoon black pepper coarse ground; 4 duck thighs, about 4 ounces each, boned and trimmed of excess fat; 4 ounces tart cherries; 2 pears, cored and cubed 12-inch; 4 ounces balsamic vinegar; Salt and cracked black pepper, to taste | INSTRUCTIONS: On 1 side of the grill only, prepare the coals and cover them with lots of pre-soaked hickory wood chips. Mix all the spices together and rub the duck breast vigorously. Place the breasts on the grill on the opposite side of the coals in a low heat grill. Smoke the breasts slowly at 275 degrees for about 1 hour. Mix together the cider, vinegar, garlic and pepper to make a marinade. Combine the marinade and duck thighs and store overnight in the refrigerator. Place in the grill with the breast of duck on the opposite side of the fire for about 1 hour. After the breasts and thighs have smoked fo <END>
INPUT: mini, churros, unsalted butter, vegetable shortening, granulated sugar, kosher salt, cake flour
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mini Churros with Dulce de Leche Hot Chocolate | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 2 tablespoons vegetable shortening; 1/4 cup plus 1 tablespoon granulated sugar; 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt; 1 cup cake flour (not self-rising); Vegetable oil, for frying; 1 tablespoon packed light brown sugar; 1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon; For the hot chocolate:; 2 1/2 cups milk; 2 ounces semisweet chocolate, chopped; 1 cup dulce de leche, plus more for topping; 1 cinnamon stick, broken in half; Whipped cream, for topping | INSTRUCTIONS: Make the churros: Line a baking sheet with parchment paper and fit a pastry bag with a 1/2-inch star tip; set aside. Combine 1 cup water, the butter, shortening, 1 tablespoon granulated sugar and the salt in a medium saucepan and bring to a boil. Stir in the flour with a wooden spoon, then reduce the heat to low and stir vigorously until the mixture forms a ball, about 1 minute. Let cool slightly, then transfer the dough to the pastry bag. Pipe 1-inch logs onto the prepared baking sheet, using kitchen shears to snip off each piece (you should have 26 to 28 churros). Let rest at room temperatur <END>
INPUT: powdered sugar, cocoa, powdered milk, salt, cornstarch
OUTPUT: TITLE: Hot Cocoa | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups powdered sugar; 1 cup cocoa (Dutch-process preferred); 2 1/2 cups powdered milk; 1 teaspoon salt; 2 teaspoons cornstarch; 1 pinch cayenne pepper, or more to taste; Hot water | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Combine all ingredients in a mixing bowl and incorporate evenly. In a small pot, heat 4 to 6 cups of water. Fill your mug half full with the mixture and pour in hot water. Stir to combine. Seal the rest in an airtight container, keeps indefinitely in the pantry. This also works great with warm milk. <END>
INPUT: link hot dogs, Assorted mustards, Ketchup, Best quality hot, Homemade Pickle Relish
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Link Hot Dogs with Homemade Pickle Relish | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 8 link hot dogs; Assorted mustards (brown, horseradish, sweet and hot, Dijon, etc.); Ketchup; Best-quality hot dog buns; Homemade Pickle Relish, recipe follows; 1 1/2 cups cider vinegar; 1 teaspoon mustard seeds; 1 teaspoon coriander seeds; 2 tablespoons sugar; 8 large dill pickles (sour, not half-sour), finely diced; 1 small red pepper, grilled, peeled, seeded, and finely diced; 1 small yellow pepper, grilled, peeled, seeded, and finely diced; 1 small white onion, finely diced; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh dill | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Heat grill to high. Grill the hot dogs until golden brown on all sides. Place in buns and top with your favorite mustard and the Homemade Pickle Relish. Bring vinegar, mustard seeds, and coriander seeds to a boil in a medium non-reactive saucepan on the grates of the grill; cook until reduced by half and slightly syrupy. Remove from the heat, add the remaining ingredients, and gently toss to coat. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Cover and refrigerate for at least 1 hour before serving. <END>
INPUT: warm, baby, Dijon mustard, wine vinegar, sugar, olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Warm Baby Beets and Herring with Mustard-Dill Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons Dijon mustard; 2 tablespoons white wine vinegar; 2 teaspoons sugar; 3 tablespoons (packed) chopped fresh dill; 3 tablespoons olive oil; 2 tablespoons whipping cream; 16 bay beets, stems trimmed to 2 inches; 12 pickled herring fillets, halved lengthwise; Fresh dill sprigs | INSTRUCTIONS: Whisk mustard, vinegar and sugar in medium bowl to blend. Mix in chopped dill. Gradually whisk in oil, then cream. Season sauce with salt and pepper. (Can be made 1 day ahead. Cover and chill. Bring to room temperature before using.) Preheat oven to 400°F. Wrap beets in foil. Bake until tender, about 1 hour. Cool to room temperature in foil. Peel beets and halve lengthwise. Pour some of sauce into center of each of 4 plates. Arrange roasted beets and herring around sauce. Garnish with fresh dill sprigs. Serve, passing remaining sauce separately. Whisk mustard, vinegar and sugar in medium bowl  <END>
INPUT: Asian, chinese, soup, beef short, water, soy sauce, Scotch Sherry, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chinese Beef Noodle Soup | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 2 1/2 pounds beef short ribs, cut between bones into pieces; 7 cups water; 1/3 cup soy sauce; 1/4 cup Scotch or medium-dry Sherry; 1 tablespoon sugar; six 1/4-inch-thick diagonal slices fresh gingerroot; 8 scallions, trimmed; 3 large garlic cloves, chopped; a 3-inch cinnamon stick; 1 teaspoon aniseed; 1/4 teaspoon dried hot red pepper flakes; 1/2 pound turnips, peeled and cut into 3/4-inch cubes; 6 ounces egg noodles; 1 teaspoon Asian (toasted) sesame oil if desired | INSTRUCTIONS: In a heavy kettle (at least 5 quarts) combine short ribs, water, soy sauce, Scotch, and sugar and bring to a boil. Reduce to a simmer and skim froth. Add gingerroot, 5 scallions, flattened with the side of a large knife, garlic, cinnamon, aniseed, and pepper flakes and simmer, covered, 2 hours, or until rib meat is tender. Let ribs cool, uncovered, in broth 30 minutes and transfer with a slotted spoon to a cutting board. Chop meat, discarding fat and bones. Strain broth through a fine sieve into a large saucepan and add chopped meat. If finishing and serving soup immediately, spoon off fat. Fo <END>
INPUT: chicken breast halves, kosher salt, water, low sodium chicken, thyme
OUTPUT: TITLE: Poached Chicken with Tomatoes, Olives, and Green Beans | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 skinless boneless chicken breast halves (1 3/4 lb total); 1 tablespoon plus 1/4 teaspoon kosher salt; 5 cups water; 1 3/4 cups low-sodium chicken broth (14 fl oz); 1 fresh thyme sprig; 3/4 lb haricots verts or other thin green beans, trimmed; 5 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1 lb tomatoes, cut into 1/4-inch dice (3 cups); 1/2 cup brine-cured green and black olives such as picholine and Kalamata, pitted and chopped; 1 tablespoon torn fresh oregano leaves; 1/8 teaspoon black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Sprinkle chicken all over with 1 tablespoon salt and let stand. While chicken is standing, bring water, broth, and thyme to a boil in a 4- to 6-quart heavy pot, then add beans and cook, uncovered, until crisp-tender, 3 to 6 minutes. Transfer beans with a slotted spoon to a bowl and toss with 1 tablespoon oil and salt and pepper to taste. Add salted chicken to broth and cook at a bare simmer, uncovered, 6 minutes. Remove pot from heat and let stand, covered, until chicken is cooked through, about 15 minutes . Transfer chicken with tongs to a cutting board and cool, about 5 minutes. While chicke <END>
INPUT: granita, zest lemon, lemon juice, simple sugar syrup, vodka, Raspberries blueberries garnish
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lemon Vodka Granita | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Grated zest of 1 lemon; 1 1/4 cups fresh lemon juice; 1/2 cup simple sugar syrup (see recipe below); 1/4 cup vodka; Raspberries or blueberries for garnish; Sliced toasted almonds for garnish; 1 cup water; 1 cup sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine the lemon zest and juice, syrup and vodka and transfer to a metal 13 x 9-inch baking pan. Freeze for 4 hours. Remove baking pan from freezer and scrape surface with a spatula or fork to create large crystals. Transfer crystals to wine goblets and garnish with fresh berries and toasted almonds. Bring water and sugar to a boil and boil until sugar is dissolved. Cool to room temperature and transfer to a jar. Store in a cool pantry or refrigerate. <END>
INPUT: Asian, salad, flavors, virgin olive oil, Asian sesame oil, soy sauce, rice vinegar, ginger
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Tuna and Watercress Salad with Asian Flavors | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1/3 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 1 tablespoon Asian sesame oil; 1 tablespoon soy sauce; 6 tablespoons rice vinegar (not seasoned); 2 tablespoons minced peeled ginger; 2 tablespoons coriander seeds, coarsely crushed; 2 tablespoons white peppercorns, coarsely crushed; 1 tablespoon kosher salt; 1 tablespoon vegetable oil; 1 (1-pound) sushi-grade tuna steak (about 2 inches thick); 1 pound jicama, peeled; 2 bunches watercress (10 ounces), tough stems discarded; 2 scallions, very thinly sliced | INSTRUCTIONS: Prepare grill for direct-heat cooking over hot charcoal (high heat for gas); see Grilling Procedure . Whisk together olive oil, sesame oil, soy sauce, vinegar, and ginger. Combine coriander seeds, white peppercorns, and kosher salt in a small bowl. Rub vegetable oil all over tuna, then coat with spice mixture, pressing gently to help it adhere. Oil grill rack, then grill tuna, covered only if using a gas grill, turning onto all sides, until seared on all sides but still very rare inside, 6 to 8 minutes total. Transfer tuna to a cutting board and cut across the grain into 8 slices. Julienne jic <END>
INPUT: Mexican, quesadilla, mango, Brie, flour tortillas, butter, Avocado Salsa
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mango Brie Quesadilla | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 ripe mango; 1/3 pound Brie, frozen; 2 flour tortillas (a no lard style, preferably); 1 tablespoon butter; Avocado Salsa, recipe follows; 1 medium avocado; 2 tablespoons red onion, diced fine; Pinch garlic powder; 1 tablespoon fresh lime juice; 1 tablespoon fresh chopped cilantro; 1/2 teaspoon jalepeno, chopped fine (optional); Kosher salt and black pepper, to taste | INSTRUCTIONS: Remove Brie from freezer to let warm up. Carefully remove skin from mango and cut away from seed as much of meat as possible (remember mangos have a flat seed, so you should be able to get 2 large meaty pieces) Carefully slice mango into thin strips. By this time the Brie has begun to thaw, and should slice easily into very thin strips. (Brie, being such a soft cheese, could never otherwise be sliced, unless frozen first.) Lay a tortilla on a work surface and place 2/3 of the Brie slices on the tortilla. Add about 6 to 8 of the mango slices, and top with remaining Brie. (This will glue the que <END>
INPUT: fondue, good dark chocolate, heavy cream, butter, Orange liqueur, Marshmallows
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate Fondue | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 8 ounces good dark chocolate, chopped (not below 60 percent cocoa, recommended: Valrhona); 8 ounces heavy cream, scalded; 1 stick butter, room temperature; Orange liqueur (recommended: Grand Marnier); Marshmallows, strawberries, pound cake, dried apricot/mango/papaya, for serving | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Completely melt the chocolate in a double boiler. Add the cream to a medium bowl and pour in the chocolate. Whisk the mixture very slowly creating a shiny, elastic emulsion. Whisk in the butter, then add the liqueur, to taste, until well combined. Pour the mixture into a fondue pot. Dip your choice of bites into the fondue using fondue forks and enjoy! <END>
INPUT: calamari, luau leaves see, Hawaiian salt, baking soda, butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Squid Luau | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 pounds calamari (squid); 3 pounds luau leaves* see note; 1 teaspoon Hawaiian salt; 1/2 teaspoon baking soda; 6 tablespoons butter; 2 medium onions, diced; 3 cups coconut milk; 1 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1 tablespoon sugar; Note: leaves of the taro plant | INSTRUCTIONS: Clean calamari and slice in rings, then set aside. Wash luau leaves, remove stems and thick veins. In a pot, boil 3 cups of water with the Hawaiian salt and baking soda. Add the leaves to the boiling water and reduce heat. Simmer, partially covered for 1 hour. Drain, and squeeze out liquid. Saute onions and cleaned calamari in the butter until the onions are translucent. Add the coconut milk, cooked luau leaves, salt, and sugar. Simmer for 30 minutes. <END>
INPUT: pecan, butterscotch, light corn syrup, unsalted butter, kosher salt, heavy cream
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pecan, Bourbon, and Butterscotch Bread Pudding | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup (packed) light brown sugar; 1/2 cup light corn syrup; 3 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1 1/2 teaspoons kosher salt; 1/2 cup heavy cream; 1 tablespoon bourbon (optional); 1 pound day-old rustic white bread, crusts removed, cut into 1/2" cubes (12 cups); 1/2 cup (1 stick) unsalted butter, melted; 2 tablespoons plus 1 1/2 cups sugar; 5 large eggs; 4 cups heavy cream; 1 1/2 tablespoons poppy seeds; Pinch of kosher salt; 3 tablespoons bourbon; 1/2 vanilla bean, split lengthwise | INSTRUCTIONS: For butterscotch sauce: Bring brown sugar, corn syrup, butter, and salt to a boil in a medium saucepan over medium-high heat, whisking to dissolve sugar. Boil until mixture is syrupy and measures 1 1/3 cups, about 3 minutes. Remove from heat; add cream and bourbon, if desired, and stir until smooth. Let cool. DO AHEAD: Can be made 3 days ahead. Let cool completely, cover, and chill. Rewarm before serving. Bring brown sugar, corn syrup, butter, and salt to a boil in a medium saucepan over medium-high heat, whisking to dissolve sugar. Boil until mixture is syrupy and measures 1 1/3 cups, about 3 <END>
INPUT: Brussels sprouts, olive oil, Drizzle balsamic vinegar, Kosher salt pepper, pancetta
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Brussels Sprouts with Crispy Pancetta | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 to 3 pounds Brussels sprouts, halved; 2 teaspoons olive oil; Drizzle of balsamic vinegar; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 8 ounces thick-cut pancetta, cubed; 2 ounces goat cheese, crumbled | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Place the Brussels sprouts on a baking sheet, drizzle with the olive oil and balsamic vinegar, and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Roast until tender on the inside and golden on the outside, 15 minutes. Add the pancetta to a saute pan over medium heat. Cook until crisp and golden, 6 to 7 minutes. Transfer the roasted Brussels sprouts to a serving platter and garnish with fried pancetta and crumbled goat cheese. <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, greek, baby spinach, crumbled low fat, virgin olive oil, Kosher salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Greek Spinach-Stuffed Chicken | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 3 1/2 cups chopped baby spinach (about 8 ounces); 1/4 cup crumbled low-fat feta cheese; 3 skinless, boneless chicken breasts (8 to 10 ounces each), trimmed; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper; 1 cup low-sodium chicken broth; 2 tablespoons white wine vinegar; 2 tablespoons finely chopped sun-dried tomatoes; 8 ounces ditalini (about 1 3/4 cups); 1 tablespoon chopped fresh mint | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine 2 cups spinach, the feta and 3 tablespoons water in a bowl. Insert a paring knife into the thickest part of each chicken breast, cutting along the side to make a deep 2-inch-wide pocket. Stuff the spinach mixture into the pockets. Heat a large nonstick skillet over medium heat and add the olive oil. Season the chicken with salt and pepper. Add to the skillet, rounded-side down, and cook until browned, about 3 minutes per side. Add the chicken broth, vinegar and sun-dried tomatoes. Partially cover and cook until the chicken is just cooked through, about 15 minutes. Meanwhile, bring a po <END>
INPUT: zucchini flowers, rice, mint leaves, onion, zucchini
OUTPUT: TITLE: Stuffed Zucchini Flowers | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 20 zucchini flowers; 3/4 cup white rice; 1 teaspoon finely chopped mint leaves; 1 -ounce onion, grated; 1 -ounce zucchini, grated; 1 -ounce tomato, grated; 3/4 cup, plus 1 tablespoon olive oil; 1/2 cup fresh lemon juice; 2 pinches salt; 2 pinches pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Place the zucchini flowers in cold water to open and make the preparation easier. In a large mixing bowl place the rice, all the chopped and grated ingredients, half of the olive oil and lemon juice, and a pinch of salt and pepper. Mix well. With a small spoon, take small amounts of the stuffing and fill the zucchini flowers. Fold over the ends to seal the stuffing inside. Place the flowers on the bottom of a large saucepan, with the openings facing the bottom. Pour in enough water to cover. Add 1 pinch of salt, 1 pinch of pepper and the rest of the olive oil and lemon juice. Cover and simmer  <END>
INPUT: Italian, carrozza, mozzarella ball, anchovy fillets, bread, eggs, milk
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mozzarella In Carrozza | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound mozzarella ball, sliced; 4 anchovy fillets; 8 slices toasted bread, crusts removed; 2 eggs; 1 cup milk; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; Salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Sandwich a slice of mozzarella and an anchovy fillet between two pieces of bread for each carrozza. For the batter, beat the eggs and milk together in a bowl. Dip the carrozza sandwiches into the batter, turning to make sure they are fully coated. In a saute pan, heat the extra-virgin olive oil and cook the sandwiches until they are golden brown on each side. Add a dash salt to season and serve immediately. <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, sauce, orange, plum tomato, orange juice, onion, lemon juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Baked Cod with Orange, Caper and Olive Sauce | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 1 orange; 1/2 cup finely chopped seeded plum tomato; 1/4 cup fresh orange juice; 3 tablespoons minced red onion; 1 1/2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 4 teaspoons olive oil; 1 tablespoon minced pitted Kalamata olives or other brine-cured black olives; 1 tablespoon chopped drained capers; 1 teaspoon chopped fresh rosemary; Nonstick vegetable oil spray; 4 6-ounce cod fillet pieces | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 500°F. Using vegetable peeler, remove peel and white pith from orange. Cut twenty 2-inch-long, 1/8-inch-wide strips from orange peel and reserve. Chop orange; place in small bowl. Add tomato and next 7 ingredients to chopped orange; stir to blend. Season sauce to taste with salt and pepper. Spray 13 x 9 x 2-inch glass baking dish with nonstick spray. Arrange cod in prepared dish. Sprinkle orange strips evenly over fish. Sprinkle with salt and pepper. Bake until fish is opaque in center, about 10 minutes. Spoon sauce over fish. Preheat oven to 500°F. Using vegetable peeler, remo <END>
INPUT: puree, gastric, lavender, salt, back pepper, venison loin, sweet potatoes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lavender Roasted Venison Sweet Potato-Celeriac Puree and Sherry Vinegar Gastric | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 ounce dry lavender; 1 ounce salt; 1/2 ounce cracked back pepper; 3 pounds venison loin, boneless and trimmed; 4 sweet potatoes; 1 large celeriac; 1 lemon, juiced; 3 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1 cup sugar; 1/2 cup water; 1/2 cup sherry vinegar; 2 teaspoon fresh thyme, chopped; 2 cups canola oil for frying; 1 bunch Swiss chard, cleaned and chopped into 1- inch ribbons; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter | INSTRUCTIONS: Four Hours Prior: In a spice grinder, combine lavender, salt and pepper. Pulse 2 or 3 times only, to lightly grind together. Coat the venison generously with the lavender rub. Set aside in the refrigerator for at least 3 hours. 90 Minutes Prior: Preheat oven to 400 degrees. Roast 3 whole sweet potatoes in the oven for 45 minutes or until very soft. Set aside, but do not allow them to cool completely. While the sweet potatoes are roasting, peel and dice (1 inch cubes) the celeriac. Simmer the celeriac in salted water until very tender, test with a paring knife. Drain the celeriac and hold in a  <END>
INPUT: Asian, scallions, piece kombu, piece ginger, star anise pods, Sichuan peppercorns
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sichuan-Style Chicken With Rice Noodles | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 bunches scallions, divided; 1 8" piece dried kombu; 1 2" piece ginger, peeled, thinly sliced; 3 star anise pods; 1 tablespoon Sichuan peppercorns; 1/4 cup plus 2 tablespoons soy sauce; 1 tablespoon kosher salt, plus more; 1 (3 1/2–4-pound) chicken; 8 ounces dried thin rice noodles (not vermicelli); 2 teaspoons toasted sesame oil, divided; 1/2 bunch Tuscan kale, tough stems removed, leaves very thinly sliced (about 3 cups); Pinch of sugar; 2 tablespoons unseasoned rice vinegar; 1 tablespoon furikake seasoning, plus more for serving; Chili oil (for serving) | INSTRUCTIONS: Cut 1 bunch scallions into 1" pieces; thinly slice remaining bunch of scallions and set aside. Bring 12 cups water to a brisk simmer in a large stockpot and add scallions, kombu, ginger, star anise, Sichuan peppercorns, 1/4 cup soy sauce, and 1 tablespoon salt; cook until kombu is softened, 10–15 minutes. Add chicken to pot and reduce heat so liquid is at a very gentle simmer. Poach chicken, uncovered, until cooked through and an instant-read thermometer inserted into the thickest part of breast registers 160°F, 40–45 minutes. Transfer chicken to a plate and let cool. Meanwhile, increase heat  <END>
INPUT: Asian, chili, live Dungeness crabs, chiles, garlic, shallots, gingerroot
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chili Crab | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 2 large live Dungeness crabs, each about 1 1/4 - 1 1/2 pounds; 10-12 fresh red chiles, stemmed, seeded and chopped or 6 dried Asian chiles (3 inches long), stemmed, seeded, chopped and soaked in warm water to cove; 2 tablespoons minced garlic, or to taste; 2 tablespoons minced shallots; 1 tablespoon finely grated gingerroot; 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, plus additional; 1/2 cup ketchup; 1 1/2 cups water; 1 tablespoon Asian fish sauce, such as Nam Pla; 1/3 cup Thai sweet chile sauce; 2 tablespoons fresh lime juice; 1 tablespoon cornstarch combined with 2 tablespoons water; 2 large eggs, lightly beaten; 3 tablespoons sliced scallion for garnish; Slices of white bread as an accompaniment, if desired | INSTRUCTIONS: In a casserole or large pot of boiling salted water, add the crabs and cook them for about 1 minute, or until no longer moving. Drain and set aside until cool enough to handle. To clean the crabs pull off top shells; pull and twist off each apron; remove gills. With sharp knife cut crabs into quarters, rinse and drain. In mortor and pestle or small food processor pound or process chiles, garlic, shallots and ginger with a little oil if necessary. Combine all sauce ingredients. Heat a wok over moderately high heat. Add 2 tablespoons oil and heat until hot. Add chili and garlic paste and stir-fr <END>
INPUT: mini, breads, wheat flour, unbleached all purpose, baking soda, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mini Walnut Soda Breads | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups whole wheat flour; 1 cup unbleached all purpose flour; 1/4 cup (packed) dark brown sugar; 1 teaspoon baking soda; 1 teaspoon salt; 1/4 cup (1/2 stick) chilled unsalted butter, cut into 1/2-inch pieces; 1 cup walnuts, toasted, chopped; 1 cup chilled buttermilk; 1 large egg; 2 tablespoons mild-flavored (light) molasses | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 375°F. Lightly flour large baking sheet. Whisk first 5 ingredients in large bowl to blend well. Add butter and rub in with fingertips until mixture resembles coarse meal. Mix in toasted, chopped walnuts. Whisk buttermilk, egg and molasses in small bowl to blend. Gradually add buttermilk mixture to flour mixture, stirring until medium-firm dough forms. Turn dough out onto lightly floured surface. Knead until dough comes together, about 6 turns. Flatten dough into disk. Cut into 6 wedges. Shape each wedge into ball. Place on prepared sheet, spacing evenly apart. Flatten each to 3 <END>
INPUT: slicing, Bread Flour, non fat milk, lightly light sugar, active active yeast, water
OUTPUT: TITLE: Delicious Slicing Bread | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 1⁄3 cups Bread Flour #1; 1/2 cup non-fat dry milk powder, or milk substitute; 1/2 cup lightly packed light brown sugar; 2 1/4 teaspoons instant active or active dry yeast; 1 1/2 cups plus 2 tablespoons water (105° to 110°F); 2 large eggs; 1/4 cup vegetable oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Spray an 81/2 x 41/2-inch or 9 x 5-inch loaf pan with vegetable spray. In the bowl of a heavy-duty mixer, add the flour blend, milk powder, brown sugar, and yeast and mix to combine. Mix together the water, eggs, and vegetable oil in a separate bowl. Add to the dry ingredients. Beat on low for 1 minute. Beat on medium-high speed for 3 minutes or until the mixture is smooth, shiny, and has thickened. Scrape the dough into the prepared pan. Cover with lightly oiled plastic wrap and set in a warm, draft-free area until the dough rises to the top of the pan. Preheat the oven to 375°F. Remove the p <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, salad, tomatoes, cucumbers, Salt pepper, wine vinegar, olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tomato Cucumber and Feta Salad | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 2 tomatoes, cored and sliced; 1 1/2 cucumbers, peeled, seeded and sliced; Salt and pepper; 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar; 3 tablespoons olive oil; 1/2 cup feta cheese, crumbled | INSTRUCTIONS: In medium bowl combine tomatoes and cucumber. Season with salt and pepper. Add vinegar and olive oil. Toss to coat. Sprinkle on feta and serve. <END>
INPUT: frizzled, Forest ham, whipping cream, pure maple syrup, coarse grained Dijon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Waffles with Frizzled Ham and Maple-Mustard Cream | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons (1/4 stick) unsalted butter; 12 ounces sliced Black Forest ham, cut into 2-inch-long, 1/4-inch-wide strips; 1 cup whipping cream; 1/4 cup pure maple syrup; 3 tablespoons coarse-grained Dijon mustard; 1/2 cup thinly sliced green onions; 8 small frozen toaster waffles, toasted; or 4 whole English muffins, split, toasted | INSTRUCTIONS: Melt butter in large nonstick skillet over medium-high heat. Add ham; sauté until ham is heated through and ends are curled, about 5 minutes. Stir in cream, syrup, and mustard. Simmer until sauce is slightly thickened and coats ham, about 3 minutes. Stir in 1/3 cup onions. Top toasted waffles with ham mixture. Sprinkle with remaining onions. Melt butter in large nonstick skillet over medium-high heat. Add ham; sauté until ham is heated through and ends are curled, about 5 minutes. Stir in cream, syrup, and mustard. Simmer until sauce is slightly thickened and coats ham, about 3 minutes. Stir i <END>
INPUT: Asian, double, bundt, butter, sugar, all purpose flour, ginger, baking powder
OUTPUT: TITLE: Double-Ginger Sour Cream and Bundt Cake with Ginger-Infused Strawberries | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: Softened butter (for brushing pan); 1/2 cup raw sugar*; 2 1/4 cups all purpose flour; 4 teaspoons ground ginger; 2 teaspoons baking powder; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1 cup (2 sticks) unsalted butter, room temperature; 2 cups sugar; 4 large eggs; 1 large egg yolk; 2 teaspoons vanilla extract; 1 cup sour cream; 1 cup chopped crystallized ginger; 1 2-inch piece fresh ginger, peeled, very thinly sliced; 2/3 cup water | INSTRUCTIONS: For cake: Position rack in center of oven and preheat to 350°F. Brush softened butter generously all over inside of 12-cup Bundt pan. Sprinkle raw sugar over butter in pan, tilting pan to coat completely. Whisk flour, ground ginger, baking powder, and salt in medium bowl. Using electric mixer, beat 1 cup butter in large bowl until smooth. Add 2 cups sugar; beat on medium-high speed until blended, about 2 minutes. Add eggs 1 at a time, beating well after each addition. Beat in 1 egg yolk and vanilla, stopping to scrape down bowl as needed. Add flour mixture in 3 additions alternately with sour  <END>
INPUT: Mexican, salsa, ruby grapefruit segments, grapefruit juice, grapefruit zest, fennel bulb, virgin olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Halibut with Grapefruit Fennel Salsa | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup ruby red grapefruit segments (about 2 grapefruits); 1/4 cup grapefruit juice; 1 teaspoon grapefruit zest; 1 fennel bulb, trimmed; 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 2 tablespoons pitted nicoise olives, halved; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley leaves; 1 teaspoon salt; 1/8 teaspoon red pepper flakes; 4 (6-ounce) pieces halibut; 1/4 teaspoon ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. In small bowl combine the grapefruit segments, juice, and zest. Halve the fennel bulb lengthwise, thinly slice and add to the bowl. Add the olive oil, olives, parsley, 1/2 teaspoon salt, and red pepper flakes. Stir to combine. Meanwhile, place the fish on a parchment-lined roasting dish. Sprinkle with remaining 1/2 teaspoon of salt and pepper and bake for 10 to 12 minutes depending on thickness. Gently transfer the fish to a serving plate. Top with the grapefruit and fennel salsa and serve immediately. <END>
INPUT: kugel, chicken fat, onion, russet potatoes, dill, Salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Potato and Smoked Salmon Kugel | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup chicken fat; 1 onion, sliced; 4 russet potatoes, peeled, grated, and liquid squeezed out; 1 bunch dill, chopped; Salt; 1 pound sliced smoked salmon | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Brush an 8 by12 lasagna dish with 2 tablespoons of chicken fat. In a medium skillet over medium heat, add 1 tablespoon of chicken fat and onions, and saute for 2 minutes, or until translucent. Let onions cool. In a large bowl, mix potatoes, cooked onions, and dill together with remaining chicken fat and season with salt. Place mixture in lasagna dish and bake in the oven for 45 minutes to 1 hour, or until potatoes are tender in the center and crisp on top. Remove from pan and layer top with smoked salmon. Cut into 10 equal size portions and serve. <END>
INPUT: cauliflower, so fragrant Pecan, Salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Cauliflower with Pecan Oil | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 large head cauliflower; 1/2 cup or so fragrant Pecan oil; Salt and freshly ground pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Remove green leaves from cauliflower and slice vertically into * inch thick slices. Brush both sides of slices liberally with the pecan oil and season lightly with salt and pepper. Lay slices in a single layer on a clean baking sheet and roast in a preheated 375 degree oven for 30 -- 35 minutes or until top of cauliflower is lightly browned and tender. Bottoms will be a deeper golden brown. Remove from oven and brush with any remaining oil. Serve warm or at room temperature.; <END>
INPUT: American, salad, bits, balsamic vinegar, virgin olive oil, chives, Kosher salt pepper, butter lettuce
OUTPUT: TITLE: Butter Lettuce Salad with Hazelnuts and Bacon Bits | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon white balsamic vinegar; 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh chives; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 head butter lettuce, separated into leaves; 2 thin slices bacon or pancetta, cooked until crisp and broken into bite-size pieces; 2 hard-boiled eggs, halved and lightly salted and peppered; 1/4 cup toasted hazelnuts, roughly chopped; 1 1/2 ounces Roquefort or other blue cheese, crumbled | INSTRUCTIONS: Whisk to combine the vinegar, oil, chives and salt and pepper to taste in a bowl. Toss the lettuce with the dressing in a large salad bowl. Divide the lettuce between 2 large bowls or plates. Divide the bacon, eggs, nuts and cheese between the 2 plates, layering them in that order. <END>
INPUT: Italian, piazza, olive oil, garlic, capers, sun tomatoes, olives
OUTPUT: TITLE: Piazza Pasta | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon olive oil; 1 teaspoon garlic, chopped; 1/2 teaspoon capers; 1/4 cup sun-dried tomatoes; 1 tablespoon black olives, sliced; 1/2 cup broccoli, chopped; 1/4 cup carrots, julienne; 6-ounce chicken breast, grilled and chopped; 12 ounces penne pasta, cooked al dente; 4 ounces pureed red peppers; Freshly grated Parmesan | INSTRUCTIONS: In a saute pan add olive oil, garlic, capers, sun-dried tomatoes, sliced black olives, broccoli and carrots, saute for 2 minutes. Add chicken and pasta, saute for 3 minutes. Add red pepper sauce and saute for 3 minutes. Top with freshly grated Parmesan. <END>
INPUT: salad, quinoa, pepper, shelled edamame, onion, tart cherries
OUTPUT: TITLE: Quinoa Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup quinoa; 1/4 chopped red pepper; 1/4 cup shelled edamame; 1/8 diced onion; 1/8 cup dried tart cherries; 2 tbsp olive oil; 2 tbsp white wine vinegar; 1 tsp Dijon mustard; Pinch sugar; Salt and pepper to taste; 2 tbsp sunflower seeds, shelled | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook quinoa, cool and toss with red pepper, edamame, onion, and dried tart cherries. For white wine vinaigrette dressing, whisk together olive oil, white wine vinegar, Dijon mustard, and sugar. Add salt and pepper. Mix 2 tbsp dressing (or more to taste) into salad and sprinkle with 2 tbsp shelled sunflower seeds. Cook quinoa, cool and toss with red pepper, edamame, onion, and dried tart cherries. For white wine vinaigrette dressing, whisk together olive oil, white wine vinegar, Dijon mustard, and sugar. Add salt and pepper. Mix 2 tbsp dressing (or more to taste) into salad and sprinkle with 2  <END>
INPUT: Indian, gravy, frying chicken, buttermilk, flour, paprika, cayenne pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pan Fried Buttermilk Chicken with Gravy | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 1 frying chicken, about 4 1/2 pounds; 1 quart buttermilk; 2 cups flour; 1 tablespoon paprika; 1 tablespoon cayenne pepper; 1 tablespoon dried ground oregano; 1 tablespoon dried ground thyme; 1 teaspoon ground cumin; 1 teaspoon ground coriander; 2 teaspoon salt; 1 teaspoon ground black pepper; Oil for pan frying; 1 cup hot milk; 1 large bunch collard greens, about 2 pounds; 3 tablespoons olive oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Cut chicken into quarters or eighths. Soak chicken, refrigerated, in buttermilk for several hours or overnight. In a large brown paper bag combine 1 cup of the flour with paprika, cayenne pepper, oregano, thyme, cumin, coriander, salt, and pepper. Toss the chicken in remaining cup of unseasoned flour, dip again in buttermilk, and then toss in the bag with the seasoned flour. Reserve 2 tablespoons of seasoned flour. In a large cast iron skillet over medium heat, heat 1/2-inch oil to 245 degrees on a fryer thermometer. In batches, carefully add several pieces chicken and fry until golden brown o <END>
INPUT: French, quiche, onions, Kosher salt pepper, broccoli, pie crust
OUTPUT: TITLE: Brie and Broccoli Quiche | CUISINE: French | INGREDIENTS: 4 yellow onions, sliced; 4 tablespoons (1/2 stick) salted butter; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 cup chopped broccoli; 1 pie crust, homemade or store-bought, recipe follows; All-purpose flour, for rolling; 8 ounces Brie; 1 1/2 cups half-and-half; 8 large eggs; 1 tablespoon finely chopped chives; 3 cups all-purpose flour; 3/4 cup vegetable shortening; 1 1/2 sticks (12 tablespoons) salted butter; 1 large egg; 5 tablespoons cold water | INSTRUCTIONS: Fry the onions in the butter in a large skillet over medium-low heat, stirring occasionally, until the onions are deep golden brown, 15 to 20 minutes (maybe longer). Set aside to cool. Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Bring a pot of water to a boil and salt generously; prepare an ice water bath. Blanch the broccoli in the boiling water for 1 minute, then remove it to the bowl of ice water to stop the cooking and set the color. Remove it from the water to drain. Roll out the pie crust on a floured surface and press into a deep fluted tart pan with a removable bottom (or a deep-dish pie pan).  <END>
INPUT: french, eggs, sugar, salt, vanilla extract, half half
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Vanilla French Toast | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 eggs; 1/4 cup sugar; Pinch of salt; 1 tablespoon vanilla extract; 2 cups half and half; One 9-to-10-inch loaf of brioche, challah or white sandwich bread, sliced 3/4 inch thick (about 12 slices), lightly toasted; Vegetable oil, for grilling; Butter and maple syrup or jam, for serving | INSTRUCTIONS: Light a grill or preheat a grill pan. In a shallow baking dish, whisk the eggs with the sugar, salt and vanilla extract. Whisk in the half-and-half. Working in batches, add the slices of bread to the egg mixture and turn to coat; let stand until well soaked, 1 to 2 minutes. Lightly oil the grill grates, then grill the soaked bread over moderately high heat until dark brown grill marks form on the bottom, about 2 minutes. Flip and grill for about 2 minutes longer, until the French toast is cooked through. Transfer to plates and serve with butter and maple syrup or jam. Light a grill or preheat  <END>
INPUT: bourguignon, applewood bacon, beef chuck, Salt pepper, all purpose flour, beef broth
OUTPUT: TITLE: Beef Bourguignon | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 ounces applewood bacon, cut into 1/2-inch pieces; 3 pounds beef chuck, cut into 1 1/2-inch cubes; Salt and ground black pepper; 3 tablespoons all-purpose flour; 3 cups beef broth; 1 large onion, peeled and coarsely chopped; 2 carrots, unpeeled and coarsely chopped; 1 head garlic, unpeeled cloves separated and lightly crushed; 6 sprigs fresh thyme; 2 dried bay leaves; Pinch of whole black peppercorns; 10 sprigs fresh flat-leaf parsley, cut in half, plus 3 tablespoons chopped, for garnish; 1 bottle red wine, such as Pinot Noir; 1 tablespoon tomato paste; 1 pound frozen pearl onions, thawed | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Special equipment: 2 large pieces of cheesecloth and kitchen twine Preheat the oven to 300 degrees F. In a Dutch oven, cook the bacon over medium-high heat until crisp; remove to a plate with a slotted spoon, leaving the fat in the pot. Season the beef with salt and pepper. Working in batches, place the beef in the pot in a single layer, sear until dark brown on all sides and remove to a plate. Reserve the fat in the pot. Place the pot over medium heat and whisk the flour into the reserved fat. Slowly whisk in the beef broth and bring to a simmer, stirring freque <END>
INPUT: packet hot cocoa, mini marshmallows
OUTPUT: TITLE: Peppermint Hot Cocoa | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 packet hot cocoa mix with 20 to 25 calories; 1/2 ounce (1 tablespoon) sugar-free calorie-free peppermint-flavored syrup (recommended: Torani Sugar Free); 10 mini marshmallows | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large mug or glass, combine cocoa mix with 1 cup of hot water, and stir to dissolve. Add syrup and mix well. Top with marshmallows and sip away! <END>
INPUT: American, steak, sandwiches, olive oil, balsamic vinegar, mustard, dark sugar, well trimmed tri
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Steak Sandwiches with Marinated Watercress, Onion, and Tomato Salad | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup olive oil; 6 tablespoons white balsamic vinegar; 1 3/4 teaspoons dry mustard, divided; 1 tablespoon dark brown sugar; 1 2-pound well-trimmed tri-tip beef roast; 4 large plum tomatoes, very thinly sliced; 1 bunch watercress, stems trimmed; 1/2 white onion, very thinly sliced; 6 5-inch pieces French baguette, cut horizontally almost in half, opened flat | INSTRUCTIONS: Prepare barbecue (medium-high heat). Whisk oil, vinegar, and 3/4 teaspoon mustard in large bowl. Season dressing with salt and pepper. Transfer 2 tablespoons dressing to small bowl; whisk in sugar and 1 teaspoon mustard. Sprinkle beef all over with salt and pepper, then top with mixture from small bowl. Grill beef until thermometer inserted into thickest part registers 120°F to 125°F for rare, turning occasionally, about 30 minutes. Place on cutting board; let rest 10 minutes. Cut very thinly across grain. Meanwhile, add tomatoes, watercress, and onion to dressing in large bowl. Marinate while <END>
INPUT: Mexican, sauce, ancho chiles, chipotle chile, water, onion, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chipotle Sauce | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2 dried ancho chiles (1 oz); 1 dried chipotle chile; 2 cups water; 1 small yellow onion, coarsely chopped; 2 garlic cloves; 1 tablespoon cumin seeds, toasted | INSTRUCTIONS: Discard stems from chiles and remove seeds. Rinse chiles under cold running water. Bring chiles with water to a simmer in a nonreactive 1 1/2-quart saucepan. Add onion, garlic, and a pinch of salt, then simmer, uncovered, stirring occasionally (add more water if necessary to cover chiles), until softened, about 30 minutes. While chiles are cooking, finely grind cumin seeds with a mortar and pestle or in an electric coffee/spice grinder. Transfer chiles and vegetables with a slotted spoon to a blender and purée with cumin and cup chile water (save remaining chile water) until smooth. (Sauce sho <END>
INPUT: sauce, sugar, water, bourbon, unsalted butter, molasses
OUTPUT: TITLE: Bourbon Molasses Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 cup sugar; 1/4 cup plus 2 tablespoon water, divided; 3 tablespoons bourbon; 3 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1 1/2 tablespoons molasses (not robust or blackstrap); 1/4 teaspoon salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring sugar and 2 tablespoons water to a boil in a small heavy saucepan over medium heat, stirring until sugar has dissolved, then wash down any sugar crystals from side of pan with a pastry brush dipped in cold water. Boil, without stirring, swirling pan occasionally so caramel colors evenly, until caramel is dark amber. Remove from heat and stir in remaining 1/4 cup water, then stir in bourbon, butter, molasses, and salt. Return to heat and simmer, stirring, to dissolve any hardened caramel if necessary. Bring sugar and 2 tablespoons water to a boil in a small heavy saucepan over medium heat <END>
INPUT: Asian, sauce, Szechuan seasoning, ginger, shelled, canola oil, chicken stock
OUTPUT: TITLE: Shrimp with Ginger-Garlic Sauce | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 2 teaspoons Szechuan seasoning; 1 teaspoon ground ginger; 1 pound shelled, deveined shrimp; 2 tablespoons canola oil; 1/2 cup chicken stock; 1/4 cup ginger preserves (recommended: Robertson's); 2 teaspoons crushed garlic; 2 tablespoons rice wine vinegar; 1/4 cup frozen raspberries, thawed | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. In small bowl, stir together Szechuan seasoning and ground ginger. Toss shrimp in mixture. In a large skillet, heat oil, over medium-high heat. Cook shrimp 3 minutes per side, or until cooked through. Remove and set aside. Carefully add chicken stock and deglaze by scraping brown bits from bottom of pan. Add preserves and stir until melted. Stir in remaining ingredients. Bring to boil. Reduce heat and simmer for 4 to 5 minutes. Return shrimp to pan and coat in sauce. <END>
INPUT: walnuts, olive oil, pure maple syrup, cayenne pepper, rosemary, thyme
OUTPUT: TITLE: Rosemary and Thyme Walnuts | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 5 teaspoons olive oil; 5 teaspoons pure maple syrup; 1/4 teaspoon cayenne pepper; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh rosemary; 3 teaspoons chopped fresh thyme; 2 cups walnut halves; 1/4 teaspoon kosher salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat oven to 350°F. In a bowl, whisk 5 teaspoons olive oil with 5 teaspoons pure maple syrup and 1/4 teaspoon cayenne pepper. Stir in 1 tablespoon chopped fresh rosemary and 2 teaspoons chopped fresh thyme. Add 2 cups walnut halves; toss well to coat. Spread evenly on a baking sheet lined with parchment paper. Bake until fragrant and crisp, 10 to 12 minutes. Sprinkle with 1 teaspoon chopped fresh thyme and 1/4 teaspoon kosher salt. Cool completely. Heat oven to 350°F. In a bowl, whisk 5 teaspoons olive oil with 5 teaspoons pure maple syrup and 1/4 teaspoon cayenne pepper. Stir in 1 tablespoon  <END>
INPUT: sorbet, nectarines, sugar, light corn syrup, powdered ascorbic acid, very peaches
OUTPUT: TITLE: White Nectarine Sorbet with White Peach Ice Cream | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 pounds white nectarines, halved, pitted, sliced; 3/4 cup sugar; 1/4 cup light corn syrup; 1 teaspoon powdered ascorbic acid; 1 1/4 pounds very ripe white peaches; 3/4 cup plus 3 tablespoons sugar; 1/3 cup light corn syrup; 1/2 teaspoon powdered ascorbic acid; 3 large egg yolks; 1 cup whipping cream; 2 white nectarines, halved, cored, sliced; 2 white peaches, halved, cored, sliced | INSTRUCTIONS: For nectarine sorbet: Place all ingredients in large bowl; toss to coat. Cover and refrigerate overnight. Puree fruit mixture in processor until smooth. Strain, pressing on solids in strainer; discard solids. Process puree in ice cream maker according to manufacturer's instructions. Transfer to container; cover and freeze until solid, about 4 hours. DO AHEAD Can be made 3 days ahead. Keep frozen. Place all ingredients in large bowl; toss to coat. Cover and refrigerate overnight. Puree fruit mixture in processor until smooth. Strain, pressing on solids in strainer; discard solids. Process puree <END>
INPUT: consomme, flan, duck carcasses, oxtail, wine, water, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Duck and Oxtail Consomme, Smoked Duck, Foie Gras Flan | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 duck carcasses, fat removed; 1 1/2 pounds oxtail, fat removed; 1 cup dry white wine; 8 cups water; 1 onion, spiked with 2 cloves and 1bay leaf; 1 carrot, chopped; 1 celery rib, chopped; 5 leek tops, chopped; 1 bunch parsley stems; 1/2 bunch thyme sprigs; 1 teaspoon juniper berries; 1/2 teaspoon black peppercorns; Foie gras scraps, optional; 2 egg whites, with shells; 8 ounces lean duck meat | INSTRUCTIONS: To make the stock: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F. Roast the duck carcasses and oxtail in a large roasting pan or two until they're caramelized. Let cool. If possible, chop the carcasses and oxtail into smaller pieces. Put them in a large soup pot. Set the roasting pan over medium heat and deglaze the pan drippings with the wine, stirring to dissolve the stuck on juices. Add the wine to the soup pot. Cover the bones with water and bring to a boil. Reduce to a simmer and add the onion, carrot, celery, leeks, parsley, thyme, juniper berries, peppercorns, and foie gras scraps, if using. Skim t <END>
INPUT: brittle, canola oil, roasted almonds, sugar, cream tartar, water
OUTPUT: TITLE: Almond Brittle | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon canola oil; 1 cup roasted whole almonds; 4 cups brown sugar; 1/4 teaspoon cream of tartar; 1 cup water | INSTRUCTIONS: Spread the oil over a baking sheet. Spread almonds evenly over the surface of the sheet. In a medium heavy bottomed saucepan, stir the sugar and cream of tartar into the water over low heat until dissolved. When the sugar is dissolved, increase the heat to medium and stop stirring. Bring to a boil and allow temperature, as measured with a candy thermometer, to 300 degrees F (hard crack stage). Immediately pour the syrup over the almonds and allow to cool and harden completely. Break into pieces to serve. <END>
INPUT: salad, potatoes, bell pepper, scallions, hot pepper juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pepper and Potato Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 1/2 pounds small potatoes, baby Yukon gold or red skinned potatoes; 2 ounces, about 3 tablespoons, sliced jarred or canned hot peppers: jalapenos, hot pepper rings, hot cherry peppers, your choice; 1 small red bell pepper, seeded and chopped; 4 scallions, chopped; A splash hot pepper juice, from jar or can; 3 tablespoons cider or wine vinegar, eyeball it; 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil, eyeball it; Salt and pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Chunk up the potatoes, cutting them into large bite-size pieces and place them in a pot of water. Boil until tender, drain and return back to hot pot to dry them out. Add hot peppers, bell peppers and scallions to potatoes, then dress with a splash of hot pepper juice and vinegar. Toss to combine, then drizzle with extra-virgin olive oil to coat the salad evenly and season with salt and pepper. <END>
INPUT: olives, olive oil, chili powder, almonds skins
OUTPUT: TITLE: Green Olives Stuffed with Chili Almonds | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: a 10-ounce jar pitted large green olives (about 24); 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1 1/4 teaspoons chili powder; 24 whole almonds with skins (about 1/4 cup) | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 375°F. In a large sieve rinse olives and drain well. In a bowl stir together 1/2 teaspoon oil and 1/2 teaspoon chili powder and add almonds, tossing to coat. Transfer almonds to a baking sheet and toast in middle of oven until fragrant and a couple of shades darker, 8 to 10 minutes. Cool almonds just until they can be handled and stuff each olive with an almond. In bowl toss olives with remaining oil and chili powder. Olives may be made 1 day ahead and kept, covered, at cool room temperature (almonds will begin to soften after about 4 hours). Preheat oven to 375°F. In a large s <END>
INPUT: alaskan, pineapple, papaya, mangoes, lemon, nutmeg
OUTPUT: TITLE: Baked Alaskan Pineapple | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 whole fresh pineapple; 1 papaya, peeled and cubed; 2 mangoes, peeled and cubed; 1 lemon, juiced; 1 teaspoon ground nutmeg; 1 pint artificial egg whites; 1 tablespoon granulated sugar; 2 tablespoons brown sugar; 1 pinch ground cinnamon | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat a broiler. Begin by cutting the pineapple in 1/2 lengthwise, 1/2 of the pineapple should be cut into cubes and the other 1/2 cored out. Using the cored out pineapple 1/2 like a basket, place the cubed papaya and mango inside. Add the juice of a lemon and the nutmeg. In a mixing bowl, add the egg whites and the sugars. Mix well until it reaches stiff peaks. Place this over the pineapple basket, covering the fruit completely. Place in the broiler for 1 to 2 minutes to brown the top of the meringue. Remove quickly to stop the cooking process. <END>
INPUT: Asian, broth, sake, mirin rice wine, sugar, soy sauce, miso
OUTPUT: TITLE: Miso Glazed Black Cod in Kyoto Red Miso Crab Broth | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1/3 cup sake; 1/3 mirin rice wine vinegar; 3 tablespoons brown sugar; 2 tablespoons soy sauce; 1/3 cup yellow miso; 4 (6-ounce) black cod fillets; 4 tablespoons red miso paste (recommended: Kyoto); 4 cups boiling water; 1 thumb-sized knob ginger, sliced; 2 garlic cloves, chopped; 1 teaspoon rice wine vinegar; 8 ounces lump crabmeat, picked over for cartilage and shell; 3 shiitake mushrooms, thinly sliced; 1 cup enoki mushrooms; 1 scallion, thinly sliced | INSTRUCTIONS: In a shallow dish, combine the sake, mirin, brown sugar, soy sauce and yellow miso. Add black cod, turning to coat well. Refrigerate and let marinate at least 2 hours, but no more than 6 hours. Preheat a broiler to medium. When ready to serve, broil the cod, 6 inches from the heat, until fish is opaque and lightly caramelized on top, about 5 to 7 minutes. In a medium saucepot over medium heat, add the miso paste and slowly stir in the boiling water. Add the ginger, garlic and vinegar and bring to a boil. Strain broth from solids and return the broth to the heat. Add the crab, mushrooms and the <END>
INPUT: Asian, chicken broth, unsalted butter, baby bok choy, Asian sesame oil, Pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Braised Baby Bok Choy | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups chicken broth; 6 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1 1/2 pounds baby bok choy, trimmed; 1 teaspoon Asian sesame oil; Pepper, to taste | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring broth and butter to a simmer in a deep large heavy skillet. Arrange bok choy evenly in skillet and simmer, covered, until tender, about 5 minutes. Transfer bok choy with tongs to a serving dish and keep warm, covered. Boil broth mixture until reduced to about 1/2 cup, then stir in sesame oil and pepper to taste. Pour mixture over bok choy.; <END>
INPUT: provencale, olive oil, garlic, shallots, bay scallops, rock shrimp
OUTPUT: TITLE: Artichoke Provencale | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/8 cup olive oil, plus 1/8 cup; 2 tablespoons chopped garlic; 2 tablespoons chopped shallots; 4 ounces bay scallops; 4 ounces rock shrimp; 3 plum tomatoes, seeded and diced; 1/2 cup sliced mushrooms, button or cremini; 2 lemons, juiced; 3/4 cups fish stock or clam juice; 1/4 cup dry white wine; 2 tablespoons capers; 3 green onions, sliced (greens only); 2 ounces butter, room temperature; 2 ounces flour; 2 jumbo or extra-large artichokes, steamed, halved and choke removed | INSTRUCTIONS: Cover the bottom of a saute pan with 1/8 cup olive oil and heat. Add the garlic and shallot to pan, and saute until light brown in color. Add the bay scallops and rock shrimp and saute for 1 to 2 minutes. Do not overcook scallops and shrimp. Remove from heat. In another saute pan, add the remaining 1/8 cup olive oil and heat. Add tomatoes, mushrooms, lemon juice, clam juice, white wine, and capers. Simmer for 2 to 3 minutes. Reduce liquid by 25 percent. Add the reserved seafood to the mixture of tomatoes and mushrooms. Add the green onions. In a small bowl, make a beurre manie by combining the <END>
INPUT: Asian, sticky, jasmine rice, coconut milk, sugar, mango, crystallized ginger
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mango Sticky Rice | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup jasmine rice; 3/4 cup canned coconut milk; 1/4 cup brown sugar; 1 ripe mango, diced; 2 tablespoons finely chopped crystallized ginger | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook or steam rice in water according to package directions. Let cool and transfer to a portable bowl. Mix coconut milk and brown sugar; pour over rice. Add mango and mix well. Sprinkle with crystallized ginger and mix again. <END>
INPUT: skins, Idaho potatoes, vegetable oil, butter, sour cream, parsley leaves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Re-Stuffed Potato Skins | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 10 medium Idaho potatoes; 8 cups vegetable oil; 2 sticks butter, at room temperature; 1 cup sour cream; 1/4 cup fresh parsley leaves, minced; 2 tablespoons Cajun spice; 4 cups cooked and shredded pork butt; 2 cups grated Cheddar; 2 cups grated Parmesan | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Bake the potatoes until cooked through, 50 to 60 minutes. Remove and allow to cool for a minimum of 2 hours. Once cooled, split the potatoes lengthwise and scoop out a pocket, saving the scooped potatoes. Place the potato skins skin-side down on a baking sheet. Place the skins in the refrigerator for 30 minutes to rest. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Heat the oil in a deep fryer to 350 degrees F. Fry the potatoes to a golden brown, in batches if necessary. This should take 3 to 4 minutes per batch. Once golden brown, remove and hold on the baking sheet fo <END>
INPUT: cake, sugar, eggs, vanilla beans, baking powder
OUTPUT: TITLE: Vanilla Bean Buttermilk Cake | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups sugar; 2 sticks (1 cup) unsalted butter; 4 eggs, room temperature; 3 vanilla beans; 1 1/2 teaspoons baking powder; 1/2 teaspoon baking soda; 3/4 teaspoon sea salt; 3 cups all-purpose flour; 1 1/2 cups buttermilk; 2 cups sugar; 2 tablespoons butter; 1 cup heavy cream; 1/2 teaspoon sea salt; 4 sticks (2 cups) butter, unsalted; One 8-ounce package cream cheese | INSTRUCTIONS: For the cake: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Spray three 8-inch round cake pans with nonstick baking spray and set aside. Combine the sugar and butter in a large mixing bowl; cream together until light and fluffy, using an electric mixer on medium to high speed, about 2 minutes. One at a time, add the eggs, making sure to mix well between each addition. Split the vanilla beans in half lengthwise and scrape out the seeds with a knife; add to the batter and mix until well incorporated. In a separate mixing bowl, sift together the baking powder, baking soda, salt and flour. Pour half of the flour <END>
INPUT: American, fondant, covered, vegetable oil, cake flour, baking powder, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fondant-Covered Wedding Cake with Raspberries and Chocolate | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: Nonstick vegetable oil spray; 1 2-pound box cake flour; 2 tablespoons baking powder; 1 teaspoon salt; 1 1/2 cups (3 sticks) unsalted butter, room temperature; 5 cups sugar; 3 1/2 cups water, room temperature; 6 large egg whites; 12 ounces bittersweet chocolate bars, cut into 1/4-inch pieces; 3 cardboard cake rounds (one 6-inch, one 9-inch and one 12-inch, trimmed to 5, 8 and 11 inches in diameter, respectively); 2 3/4 pounds (44 ounces) good-quality white chocolate (such as Lindt, Callebaut or Baker's), chopped; 8 1/2 8-ounce packages (68 ounces) Philadelphia-brand cream cheese, room temperature; 4 1/4 cups (8 1/2 sticks) unsalted butter, room temperature; 7 teaspoons vanilla extract; 1 tablespoon almond extract | INSTRUCTIONS: Make cake: Position 1 rack in top third and 1 rack in bottom third of oven and preheat to 350°F. Line bottoms of 6-inch-diameter, 9-inch-diameter and 12-inch-diameter cake pans with 3-inch-high sides with parchment paper. Spray parchment and sides of pans with nonstick spray. Sift flour, baking powder and salt into large bowl. Using electric mixer, beat unsalted butter in very large bowl (at least 8-quart capacity) until smooth. Gradually add 3 cups sugar, beating until fluffy. Beat in flour mixture in 5 additions alternately with 3 1/2 cups water in 4 additions, occasionally scraping down sid <END>
INPUT: Indian, sauce, Turkish bay leaves, coriander seeds, coarse sea salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Fish with Coriander in Vinegar Sauce | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 stick (6 tablespoons) unsalted butter, 2 tablespoons of it softened; 20 Turkish bay leaves; 2 tablespoons whole coriander seeds; 2 tablespoons coarse sea salt; 1 (4-lb) whole bluefish, cleaned, with head and tail intact; 1/2 lb whole almonds (1 1/2 cups), toasted and coarsely chopped; 1 lemon, thinly sliced; 1 cup white-wine vinegar; 2 Turkish bay leaves; 6 whole black peppercorns, slightly crushed; 1/4 teaspoon coarse sea salt; Special equipment: a large (17- by 14- by 3-inch) nonreactive roasting pan | INSTRUCTIONS: Rub softened butter over bottom of roasting pan and sprinkle with 12 bay leaves, 1 tablespoon coriander seeds, and 1 tablespoon sea salt. Rinse fish and pat dry, then arrange diagonally in roasting pan. If fish is more than 18 inches long, tail will curl up side of pan (wrap tail in foil to prevent burning). Stir together almonds, 1/2 teaspoon coriander seeds, and 1 teaspoon sea salt. Stuff fish with lemon slices, almond mixture, and 2 tablespoons butter, cut into small pieces. (Some nuts may spill out.) Sprinkle fish with remaining 8 bay leaves, 2 1/2 teaspoons coriander seeds, and 2 teaspoon <END>
INPUT: sugar, eggs, heavy cream, passion fruit pulp, Special an ice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Passion-Fruit Ice Cream | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cups sugar; 3 large eggs; 3 cups heavy cream; 1 1/4 cups thawed frozen passion-fruit pulp*; Special equipment: an ice cream maker | INSTRUCTIONS: Whisk together sugar and eggs. Heat cream in a 2 1/2- to 3-quart heavy saucepan over moderate heat until it just reaches a boil, then add hot cream to egg mixture in a slow stream, whisking. Pour custard into saucepan. Cook custard over moderately low heat, stirring constantly, until it registers 170°F on an instant-read or candy thermometer (do not let boil). Pour custard through a fine sieve into a clean bowl and cool completely. Stir in passion-fruit pulp, then chill, covered, until cold. Freeze custard in ice cream maker. Transfer to an airtight container and put in freezer to harden. Whis <END>
INPUT: aioli, roasted garlic, good quality mayonnaise, Salt pepper, pure olive oil, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pan Roasted Snapper in White Bean and Chickpea Broth with Roasted Garlic Aioli | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 head roasted garlic, cloves removed and peeled; 1 cup good quality mayonnaise; Salt and pepper; 1 tablespoon pure olive oil; 3 tablespoons finely chopped garlic; 1/2 cup white wine; 4 cups shrimp stock or clam juice; 2 cups cooked chickpeas; Salt and pepper; 1 cup cooked white beans; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh thyme; 4 snapper fillets, about 6 ounces each; 2 tablespoons pure olive oil; Salt and pepper; White bean and chickpea broth | INSTRUCTIONS: Roasted Garlic Aioli: Puree the garlic in a food processor. Add the mayonnaise and process until smooth. Season to taste with salt and pepper. White Bean & Chickpea Broth: Heat the oil in a medium saucepan over medium heat and saute the garlic until lightly toasted. Add the wine and cook until dry. Add the stock and 1 cup of the chickpeas, raise the heat to high and bring to a boil. Season with salt and pepper and puree in a food processor. Pour the mixture back into the saucepan. Add the remaining chickpeas, the white beans, and thyme and cook 5 minutes over medium heat. Season to taste with  <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, couscous, boiling water, olive oil, pepper flakes, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Couscous and Zucchini | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 10 ounces couscous; 2 cups boiling water; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1/4 teaspoon red pepper flakes; 2 cloves garlic, minced; 1 zucchini, diced; 1 tablespoon green onion, sliced; 2 tablespoons mint, sliced thin; Salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Add couscous to boiling water, remove from heat and cover. Let stand 5 minutes. In a large saute pan heat olive oil. Add red pepper flakes, garlic, zucchini, green onions, mint and salt. Cook until tender, about 5 minutes. Remove from the heat. Fluff couscous with fork and fold in vegetables. <END>
INPUT: French, latkes, unpeeled Yukon Gold, onion, eggs, all purpose flour, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Potato Latkes with Smoked Salmon, Caviar, and Tarragon Crème Fraîche | CUISINE: French | INGREDIENTS: 3 pounds unpeeled Yukon Gold potatoes; 1 medium onion; 3 large eggs, beaten to blend; 4 1/2 tablespoons all purpose flour; 1 1/2 teaspoons salt; 3/4 teaspoon ground black pepper; 2 tablespoons (or more) vegetable oil; 3/4 cup crème fraîche; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh tarragon; 12 ounces sliced smoked salmon; 2 ounces caviar | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 300°F. Using coarse side of box grater or food processor fitted with coarse grater blade, shred potatoes. Working in batches, wrap potatoes in kitchen towel and squeeze out excess liquid. Transfer to large bowl. Repeat process with onion; add to bowl with potatoes. Mix next 4 ingredients into potato mixture. Heat 2 tablespoons oil in large skillet over medium–high heat. Working in batches, drop potato mixture by 1/4 cupfuls into skillet; flatten to 3–inch rounds. Fry latkes until golden brown on bottom, adding more oil by tablespoonfuls as needed, about 4 minutes per side. Tran <END>
INPUT: Italian, onion, basil, garlic, mayonnaise, sour cream
OUTPUT: TITLE: Perfect Basil Sauce | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 green onion, chopped; 3 tablespoons roughly chopped fresh basil; 1 large clove garlic, minced; 1/2 cup prepared mayonnaise; 3 tablespoons sour cream; 1/2 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Blend the green onion, basil, garlic, mayonnaise, sour cream, and Worcestershire sauce in a blender until creamy and pale green. Taste the sauce and season with salt and pepper, if needed.; <END>
INPUT: Asian, cornstarch, egg whites, chicken thighs, orange juice, soy sauce
OUTPUT: TITLE: Orange Chicken | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons cornstarch; 4 egg whites; 4 boneless chicken thighs, cut into bite-sized pieces; 1/2 cup orange juice (I used Simply Orange); 1 tablespoon soy sauce; 1 packed tablespoon brown sugar; 1 tablespoon rice wine vinegar; 1/4 teaspoon sesame oil; Dash salt; Dash crushed red pepper; 1 clove garlic, pressed; A little grated or minced ginger; 1 teaspoon cornstarch; Vegetable or peanut oil, for frying | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. For the chicken: In a large bowl, whisk together the cornstarch and egg whites with a fork until almost frothy, about 1 minute. Add the chicken to the mixture and allow to sit for 5 to 10 minutes. For the sauce: Meanwhile, put the orange juice, soy sauce, sugar, vinegar, sesame oil, salt, crushed red pepper, garlic and ginger in a small nonstick skillet and whisk. Heat until bubbling and starting to thicken, about 5 minutes. Whisk together the cornstarch and 1/4 cup water in a small bowl and add 1 to 2 tablespoons of the cornstarch slurry to the sauce. Mix in and <END>
INPUT: Asian, strudel, custard, whipping cream, milk, ginger, egg yolks, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pear-Ginger Strudel with Ginger-Custard Sauce | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup whipping cream; 1 cup whole milk; 2 tablespoons minced peeled fresh ginger; 6 large egg yolks; 1/2 cup sugar; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; 1 1/4 cups sugar; 3 tablespoons cornstarch; 1/4 teaspoon ground mace or nutmeg; 3/4 cup gingersnap cookie crumbs; 1/4 cup (1/2 stick) unsalted butter; 1/2 cup diced dried pears (about 3 ounces); 1/4 cup Poire Williams (clear pear brandy) or brandy; 6 ripe Bartlett or Anjou pears (about 3 3/4 pounds), peeled, cored, cut into 1/2-inch cubes; 1 teaspoon grated lemon peel | INSTRUCTIONS: For sauce: Bring cream, milk, and ginger to simmer in heavy medium saucepan over medium-high heat. Remove pan from heat; steep 15 minutes. Whisk yolks and sugar in medium bowl to blend. Gradually whisk in warm cream mixture; return mixture to saucepan. Stir over medium heat until custard thickens and leaves path on back of spoon when finger is drawn across, about 8 minutes; do not boil. Strain sauce into medium bowl; mix in vanilla. Cover; chill until cold, at least 3 hours and up to 1 day. Bring cream, milk, and ginger to simmer in heavy medium saucepan over medium-high heat. Remove pan from  <END>
INPUT: soup, fully spicy smoked, russet potato, onion, rosemary, split peas
OUTPUT: TITLE: Split Pea Soup with Sausage and Potato | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 5 fully cooked spicy smoked sausage links (such as andouille or hot links), cut into 1/2-inch cubes; 1 12-ounce russet potato, peeled, diced; 1 large onion, chopped; 1 1/2 teaspoons chopped fresh rosemary; 1 1/4 cups green split peas, rinsed; 4 cups low-salt chicken broth | INSTRUCTIONS: Sauté sausages in heavy large pot over medium-high heat until fat begins to render, about 4 minutes. Add potato, onion, and rosemary. Sauté until onion is soften, about 5 minutes. Mix in split peas, then broth. Bring soup to simmer. Reduce heat to low. Cover and simmer until peas are tender, stirring occasionally, about 50 minutes. If desired, thin soup with water by 1/4 cupfuls. Season soup to taste with salt and pepper. Ladle into bowls and serve. Sauté sausages in heavy large pot over medium-high heat until fat begins to render, about 4 minutes. Add potato, onion, and rosemary. Sauté until  <END>
INPUT: waffles, Vegetable oil, honey, lemon juice, Zest lemon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lemon-Almond Waffles | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Vegetable oil cooking spray; 1/2 cup honey; Vegetable oil cooking spray; 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; Zest of 1 large lemon; 2 large eggs, separated, at room temperature; 2 cups unsweetened vanilla-flavored almond milk; 3 tablespoons sugar; 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract; 3/4 teaspoon pure almond extract; Zest of 1 large lemon; 1 1/2 cups all-purpose flour; 1/2 cup almond flour; 2 teaspoons baking powder; 1/4 teaspoon fine sea salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Special equipment: an electric waffle maker Preheat the waffle maker. Lightly spray the waffle grills with vegetable oil cooking spray. For the lemon honey: Heat the honey, lemon juice and lemon zest over medium heat in a small saucepan, stirring occasionally, until warm, about 4 minutes. For the waffles: Beat the egg whites until they are thick and hold soft peaks using a whisk or an electric hand mixer in a medium bowl, about 2 minutes. Combine the egg yolks, milk, sugar, vanilla extract, almond extract and lemon zest in a large bowl. Beat until smooth. Add the <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, berry, salad, wheat, Feta, onion, julienne seedless cucumber, olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Feta Wheat-Berry Salad | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup wheat, spelt, or rye berries (available at natural foods stores); 1/2 cup diced Feta (about 2 ounces); 1/2 cup thinly sliced red onion; 1/2 cup julienne strips of seedless cucumber; 5 tablespoons olive oil; 1/4 cup julienne strips of drained bottled roasted red pepper; 1/4 cup mixed minced fresh herbs such as parsley, mint, and dill plus herb sprigs for garnish; 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, or to taste; 1 tablespoon red-wine vinegar; 1 tablespoon chopped pitted brine-cured black olives; 1 teaspoon ground cumin; 1 garlic clove, minced dried hot red pepper flakes to taste | INSTRUCTIONS: In a kettle of boiling salted water cook the wheat berries for 1 hour, or until they are tender, and drain them. In a large bowl stir together the wheat berries, the Feta, the onion, the cucumber, the oil, the roasted pepper, the minced herbs, the lemon juice, the vinegar, the olives, the cumin, the garlic, the red pepper flakes, and salt to taste and garnish the salad with the herb sprigs. In a kettle of boiling salted water cook the wheat berries for 1 hour, or until they are tender, and drain them. In a large bowl stir together the wheat berries, the Feta, the onion, the cucumber, the oil,  <END>
INPUT: Asian, scallops, vegetable oil, unsalted butter, sea scallop, gingerroot, shallot
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sauteed Scallops with Ginger | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon vegetable oil; 1 tablespoon unsalted butter; 3/4 pound sea scallop, halved horizontally; 2 teaspoons minced peeled fresh gingerroot; 1 shallot, minced; 2 tablespoons minced scallion greens; 1 teaspoon fresh lemon juice, or to taste | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large skillet heat the oil and the butter over moderately high heat until the foam subsides, in the fat sauté the scallops, patted dry, for 30 seconds on each side, or until they are cooked through, and transfer them to a bowl. In the fat remaining in the skillet cook the gingerroot and the shallot over moderately low heat, stirring, until the shallot is softened and stir in the scallion, the scallops with any juice that has accumulated in the bowl, the lemon juice, and salt and pepper to taste. In a large skillet heat the oil and the butter over moderately high heat until the foam subsid <END>
INPUT: honey dew melon, balsamic vinegar, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Prosciutto and Melon | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 honey dew melon or cantaloupe, halved; 12 thin slices, prosciutto; 4 ounces balsamic vinegar; Black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Scoop out seeds from each melon half. Cut each half into 6 wedges. Remove melon skins. Add 1 slice of prosciutto to top of each wedge. Drizzle with balsamic vinegar. Add pepper, to taste. <END>
INPUT: Asian, stir, corn starch, Sherry, gingerroot, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Stir Fried Shrimp | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons corn starch; 2 tablespoons Sherry; 3 slices fresh gingerroot, each the size of a quarter; 1 teaspoon Asian (toasted) sesame oil; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1 1/2 pounds medium shrimp (about 45), shelled, leaving the tail and the first joint intact, deveined, and patted dry; 4 cups cold water; 1/2 cup chicken broth; 2 teaspoons corn starch; 1 1/2 tablespoons Chinese rice wine*, sake or Scotch; 1 teaspoon soy sauce; 3/4 teaspoons sugar; 3/4 teaspoon salt; 2 tablespoons peanut oil; 1 clove garlic, minced | INSTRUCTIONS: In a medium bowl, combine cornstarch, sherry, gingerroot, sesame oil and salt. Add shrimp, tossing the mixture to coat the shrimp well. Let them marinate, covered and chilled, for 10 minutes. In a large sauce pan, bring the cold water to a boil, add the shrimp, discarding the marinade, and return the water to a boil. Boil the shrimp for 1 1/2 minutes and drain them in a colander. In a bowl , whisk together the broth, cornstarch, rice wine, soy sauce, sugar and salt. Set aside. In a wok or large skillet, heat peanut oil over moderately high heat until hot but not smoking. Add garlic, scallions, <END>
INPUT: dressing, stale, pecans, parsley, hickory smoked bacon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Corn Bread Dressing with Pecans and Bacon | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 12 cups (3 quarts) 3/4- to 1-inch chunks stale, dry corn bread (use your favorite recipe; see headnote); 6 slices stale, dry firm-textured white bread, cut into 1/2- inch cubes (see headnote); 2 cups coarsely chopped toasted pecans (see Note above); 1/2 cup coarsely chopped parsley; 1 pound hickory-smoked bacon, each slice cut crosswise into strips 1/2 inch wide; 1 cup (2 sticks) butter, melted, or 1 cup bacon drippings or vegetable oil; 2 very large yellow onions, coarsely chopped; 4 large celery ribs, trimmed and coarsely chopped (include a few leaves); 1 tablespoon rubbed sage; 1 1/2 teaspoons dried leaf thyme, crumbled; 6 cups chicken broth or stock; 3 extra-large eggs, well beaten; 1 teaspoon salt; 1/2 teaspoon black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. Preheat the oven to 350°F. Spritz a 13 x 9 x 2-inch baking pan with nonstick cooking spray and set aside. 2. Place the two breads, pecans, and parsley in a very large mixing bowl and set aside. 3. Brown the bacon in a very large, heavy skillet over moderate heat, stirring often, for 12 to 14 minutes until all the drippings render out. Drain the bacon on paper toweling and if you intend to use the drippings in the dressing, pour them into a measuring cup. You should have about 1 cup; if not, round out the measure with melted butter or vegetable oil. 4. Heat 1/2 cup of the melted butter or ba <END>
INPUT: Asian, sichuan, Japanese eggplants, canola oil, Kosher salt pepper, pork, scallions
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Eggplant with Sichuan-Style Pork | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 6 medium Japanese eggplants (about 1 pound), tops trimmed, halved lengthwise; 1/4 cup canola oil; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 pound ground pork; 1 bunch scallions, thinly sliced, white and green parts separated; 6 cloves garlic, minced; One 2-inch knob ginger, peeled and finely grated; 2 to 4 tablespoons chili-garlic sauce or sambal oelek; 1/4 cup soy sauce; 1/4 cup balsamic vinegar; Steamed white rice, warm, for serving | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F with a rack set on the middle shelf. Use a sharp paring knife to lightly score the flesh of each eggplant 6 to 8 times. Place the on a baking sheet and toss with 2 tablespoons of the oil and season liberally with salt and pepper. Place the eggplant, cut-side down, and bake until the eggplant starts to soften and the skin starts to brown, about 15 minutes. Use a large offset spatula to gently flip the eggplant over and bake until the flesh is completely softened and light golden brown, about 15 more minutes. Meanwhile, make the pork: Heat the remaining oil over <END>
INPUT: Mexican, tots, vinaigrette, sushi rice, sugar, rice vinegar, Salt pepper, kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tuna Tots with Yuzu Vinaigrette | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups sushi rice; 2 tablespoons sugar; 2 tablespoons rice vinegar; Salt and freshly cracked black pepper; 1 tablespoon kosher salt; 2 tablespoons Sriracha; 2 teaspoons mayo; 2 teaspoons sambal; 1 teaspoon sesame oil; 1 cup finely diced sushi-grade raw tuna; 2 teaspoons finely sliced scallions; Pinch chili powder; Dash hot sesame oil, or to taste; Salt and freshly cracked pepper; 2 tablespoons yuzu juice, or 1 tablespoon grapefruit juice and 1 tablespoon lime juice | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. For the sushi rice: In a large mixing bowl, rinse the rice by covering with cold water and straining. Repeat until the water runs clear, three times. Using a rice cooker on the highest setting or a medium saucepan over high heat, bring 2 cups plus 2 tablespoons water and the sushi rice to a boil. Reduce the heat to low. Cover and simmer for 15 minutes. Being careful not to disturb, turn off the heat and allow the rice to stand, covered, for an additional 15 minutes. For the sushi zu: Combine the sugar, vinegar and salt in a small saucepot. Heat just until dissolv <END>
INPUT: project, agave, avocado, ascorbic acid, rum, lime juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: The Avocado Project | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 ounces agave; 1 ripe avocado; 1/2 teaspoon ascorbic acid; 1 1/2 ounces rum, such as Banks 5 Island Blend; 1 ounce fresh lime juice; Salt, for serving | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine the agave and avocado in a bowl and mash until smooth. Add the ascorbic acid and stir to combine (this will keep the avocado from turning brown). Press the avocado mixture through a fine-mesh strainer for a smooth puree. Add the rum, lime juice and 2 heaping spoonfuls of the avocado puree to a small cocktail shaker. Add some ice and shake long and hard. Pour through a fine-mesh strainer into a coupe glass. Garnish with a small pinch of salt. <END>
INPUT: shaken, vinaigrette, shallot, Dijon mustard, wine vinegar, virgin olive oil, Kosher salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Bibb Lettuce with Shaken Vinaigrette | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 shallot, peeled and chopped; 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard; 1 tablespoon red wine vinegar; 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 4 heads Bibb lettuce; 1/4 cup toasted pine nuts; 4 ounces crumbled blue cheese | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine the shallot, mustard, vinegar, oil, and salt and pepper in a jar and, with an immersion blender, pulse until the shallot is chopped and the vinaigrette is emulsified. Season, to taste, with salt and pepper. Break the lettuce leaves off the heads, put them in a large bowl or on a platter, and dress them whole with the vinaigrette. Top with the toasted pine nuts and crumbled blue cheese. <END>
INPUT: herbs, shrimp, garlic, baby spinach, eggs
OUTPUT: TITLE: Braised Calamari Stuffed with Shrimp, Spinach, and Herbs | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 11 (5 to 6 inches long) calamari tubes, cleaned, divided; 1/2 pound medium shrimp, peeled and deveined, roughly chopped; 3 cloves garlic, smashed and coarsely chopped; 2 cups coarsely chopped baby spinach; 2 eggs; 1/2 to 3/4 cup breadcrumbs; 1/2 cup grated Parmigiano-Reggiano; 1/2 bunch fresh oregano, leaves chopped; 2 pinches crushed red pepper flakes; Kosher salt; Extra-virgin olive oil; 1 large or 2 small onions, finely diced; Pinch crushed red pepper flakes; Kosher salt; 2 cloves garlic, smashed and finely chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. For the calamari: Roughly chop 3 of the calamari tubes and add to a food processor with the shrimp and garlic. Pulse into a coarse paste. Remove to a large bowl and add the spinach, eggs, breadcrumbs, cheese, herbs, and crushed red pepper. Season with salt and stir to combine. The mixture should be a little chunky but moist and holding together. Test the seasoning of the mix by making a mini patty, cooking it in a small pan, and eating it. It should taste really good! If it doesn't, it is probably missing salt. Add more salt, as needed. Divide the stuffing among  <END>
INPUT: meatballs, gravy, bread, milk half half, pork, veal, Parmigiano Reggiano
OUTPUT: TITLE: Veal and Pork Meatballs with Mushroom Gravy and Egg Noodles | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 slices white bread, crusts trimmed; 1 cup whole milk or half-and-half; 1 1/4 pounds ground pork; 1 1/4 pounds ground veal; 1 cup grated Parmigiano-Reggiano; 4 cloves garlic, grated or made into a paste; 2 eggs, lightly beaten; A handful of fresh flat-leaf parsley leaves, finely chopped; EVOO, for drizzling; Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper; Freshly grated nutmeg; 2 cups chicken stock; 1/4 cup dried porcini mushrooms; 3 tablespoons butter; 1 tablespoon EVOO | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. For the meatballs: Soak the bread in the milk in a small bowl. Put the pork and veal in a large bowl. Squeeze the liquid from the bread and mash it into small crumbs between your fingers as you add it to the bowl. Add the Parmigiano-Reggiano, garlic, eggs, parsley, a healthy drizzle of EVOO and some salt, pepper and nutmeg and mix gently to combine. Keep a bowl of warm water on hand for rolling the meatballs. Place wire racks over 2 rimmed baking sheets. Roll the meat mixture into 1 1/2-inch balls, moistening your hands as needed, and place on the racks (24 m <END>
INPUT: saute, okra greens, unsalted butter, corn, salt, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Okra Greens and Corn Saute | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 bunches okra greens (beet greens, dandelion, mustard); 3 tablespoons unsalted butter; 3 ears of corn, cut off the cob; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/2 teaspoon white pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Trim greens of any tough stems. Wash and dry. Melt butter in a medium saute pan over high heat. Saute the corn for a couple of minutes, add the okra, salt and pepper. Cook until it begins to wilt, about 2-3 minutes. Serve. <END>
INPUT: olive oil, thyme, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Bread Stuffing with Crawfish, Bacon, and Collard Greens | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 (1-pound) loaf crusty country-style white bread; 1/4 cup olive oil; 4 teaspoons chopped fresh thyme; 1 large garlic clove, minced; 6 tablespoons (3/4 stick) butter; 1 1/2 cups finely chopped onion; 1 1/2 cups thinly sliced celery; 1 cup finely chopped green bell pepper; 1 pound peeled cooked crawfish tails, thawed if frozen; 1/2 pound sliced bacon, chopped; 1 (1-pound) bag sliced collard greens, coarsely torn; 1 3/4 cups low-salt chicken broth or turkey stock, heated, divided; 1/3 cup chopped fresh parsley | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 375°F. Cut bottom crust and short ends off bread; discard. Cut remaining bread with crust into 1-inch cubes (about 10 cups loosely packed). Place in very large bowl. Add oil, thyme, and garlic; toss. Spread cubes out on large rimmed baking sheet. Sprinkle with salt and pepper. Bake until golden and slightly crunchy, stirring occasionally, 20 minutes. Return to same very large bowl. Melt butter in large skillet over medium-high heat. Add next 3 ingredients. sauté until soft, about 10 minutes. Add crawfish; sauté 2 minutes. Transfer to medium bowl. sauté bacon in same skillet ove <END>
INPUT: fries, Idaho potatoes, virgin olive oil, salt, pepper, Meyer lemons
OUTPUT: TITLE: Baked Meyer Lemon Fries | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 Idaho potatoes; 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 1 tablespoon salt; 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 3 Meyer lemons, zested; 2 tablespoons freshly chopped Italian parsley leaves; 2 tablespoons minced garlic | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F. Peel potatoes and cut into 3/8-inch thick slices (lengthwise) cut again into 3/8-inch thick fries. Place the potatoes into a bowl with cold water; this will help keep the fries crisp and white. Just before cooking, drain water and place on paper towel, pat dry completely. Put in a bowl; add olive oil, 1 tablespoon salt, 1/2 teaspoon black pepper. Toss well and lay out in 1 layer on nonstick baking sheets. Bake until light brown. Cook for approximately 30 to 40 minutes, turning frequently until golden brown. Remove from oven. Add <END>
INPUT: Mexican, scented, latkes, beets, all purpose flour, salt, cumin, coriander
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cumin-Scented Beet Latkes | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 6 cups coarsely shredded peeled beets (about 6 medium); 6 tablespoons all purpose flour; 1 1/2 teaspoons salt; 1 1/2 teaspoons ground cumin; 3/4 teaspoon ground coriander; 3/4 teaspoon baking powder; 1/4 teaspoon ground black pepper; 3 large eggs, beaten to blend; Canola oil (for frying); Celery and Cilantro Relish; Apple, Green Onion, and Jalapeño Salsa | INSTRUCTIONS: Place beets in large bowl; press with paper towels to absorb any moisture. In another large bowl, whisk flour and next 5 ingredients. Mix in beets, then eggs. Pour enough oil into large skillet to cover bottom; heat over medium heat. Working in batches, drop beet mixture by 1/4 cupfuls into skillet; spread to 3 1/2-inch rounds. Fry until golden, about 5 minutes per side. Transfer latkes to baking sheet. (Can be made 6 hours ahead. Let stand at room temperature. Rewarm in 350°F oven until crisp, about 10 minutes.) Place beets in large bowl; press with paper towels to absorb any moisture. In ano <END>
INPUT: American, vinaigrette, burrata, mustard seeds, grain Dijon mustard, wine, canola oil, loaf country bread
OUTPUT: TITLE: Leeks Vinaigrette with Burrata Cheese and Mustard | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons mustard seeds; 1/4 cup whole grain Dijon mustard; 1/4 cup dry white wine; 1/4 cup canola oil; 1/2 16-ounce loaf country white bread, crusts trimmed, bread diced; 1/3 cup fresh lemon juice; 1/3 cup whole grain Dijon mustard; 1 teaspoon finely grated lemon peel; 2/3 cup olive oil; 8 medium leeks, each cut to 6-inch lengths, root ends trimmed; 11/2 cups low-salt chicken broth; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 4 large fresh thyme sprigs; 1 large lemon, cut into very thin rounds; Chopped fresh Italian parsley | INSTRUCTIONS: For breadcrumbs: Preheat oven to 250°F. Toast mustard seeds in skillet over medium heat until beginning to darken and pop, about 5 minutes; transfer to bowl and cool. Grind seeds to powder in spice mill. Whisk whole grain mustard, wine, oil, and ground mustard seeds in medium bowl. Season mustard coating with salt and pepper. Toss bread pieces and coating in large bowl to coat evenly. Spread bread out on rimmed baking sheet. Bake bread pieces until dried and slightly colored, stirring occasionally, about 1 hour 15 minutes. Cool completely. Using potato masher, coarsely crush bread on sheet. DO <END>
INPUT: brown, eggs, sugar, all purpose flour, vanilla extract, unsalted butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Brown Butter Fruit Tart | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 eggs; 1 cup sugar; 1/3 cup all-purpose flour; 4 teaspoons vanilla extract; 3 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1 sheet frozen puff pastry (1/2 package), thawed; 1 pound dry beans, for baking the tart shell; 1 lemon, zested; 1 1/2 pints fruit (berries, figs, bananas, stonefruit, etc.); 1 pound mascarpone cheese | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. To make the filling: In the bowl of a stand mixer combine the eggs and the sugar and beat on high speed until the mixture triples in volume. Beat in the flour and 2 teaspoons vanilla. Meanwhile heat the butter over medium-high heat until it browns. Beat the brown butter into the batter, being sure to scrape all of the browned butter bits from the bottom of the pan. Let the batter rest for about 20 min. To assemble the tart: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. Using a rolling pin, roll the puff pastry out until it is large enough to fill a 10-inch removable bottom tart <END>
INPUT: soup, olive oil, mushrooms, scallions, chicken broth, potatoes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mushroom Caraway Soup | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon olive oil; one 10-ounce package mushrooms, sliced; 3 scallions; 4 cups chicken broth; 3 medium red potatoes, scrubbed and cut into 1 inch chunks; 1/2 cup dry white wine; 1 teaspoon dried thyme leaves, crumbled; 1 teaspoon caraway seeds, crushed; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 1/4 cup half-and-half | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large nonstick saucepan or Dutch oven, heat the oil. Saute the mushrooms and scallions until the mushroom liquid evaporates, about ten minutes. Stir in the broth, potatoes, wine, thyme, caraway seeds and salt; bring to a boil. Reduce the heat and simmer, partially covered, until the potatoes are tender, about twenty minutes. Transfer to a blender and remove the knob in the lid, puree. Return the soup to the saucepan; bring back through a boil. Remove from the heat and stir in the half-and-half. Serve immediately. <END>
INPUT: cupcakes, cake flour, all purpose flour, granulated sugar, baking powder, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Eat It Cupcakes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 1/2 cups cake flour; 3/4 cup all-purpose flour; 2 cups granulated sugar; 1 tablespoon plus 1/2 teaspoon baking powder; 3/4 teaspoon salt; 2 sticks unsalted butter; 1/2 cup sour cream; 1 cup whole milk; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; 4 eggs; 1/2 cup shredded sweetened coconut; 1/2 teaspoon coconut extract; Lychee Curd, recipe follows; Kumquat Swiss Meringue Buttercream, recipe follows; Crispy Treats, recipe follows | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Line cupcake or muffin pans with 24 liners. In a mixing bowl, combine the flours, granulated sugar, baking powder and salt. Add in the butter and sour cream. In a pitcher, combine the milk, vanilla extract and eggs. Slowly add into the butter-flour mixture until combined. Stir in the shredded coconut and coconut extract. Fill the cupcake liners and bake for 20 minutes, rotating halfway through. Remove from the oven and cool completely before frosting. Fill the cupcakes with Lychee Curd. Pipe with Kumquat Swiss Meringue Buttercream Frosting. Top with a Crispy  <END>
INPUT: blender, mousse, bittersweet semisweet chocolate, water, sugar, espresso powder coffee, egg whites
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mom's Blender Chocolate Mousse with Lemon Cream | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup bittersweet or semisweet chocolate chips; 3/4 cup water; 3 tablespoons sugar, divided; 1/4 teaspoon instant espresso powder or instant coffee; 3 large egg whites; 1/3 cup chilled whipping cream; 1 teaspoon fresh lemon juice; 1/2 teaspoon grated lemon peel | INSTRUCTIONS: Place chocolate in blender. Bring 3/4 cup water, 2 tablespoons sugar, and espresso powder to simmer in medium saucepan, stirring to dissolve sugar. Pour over chocolate. Cover tightly; blend 5 seconds. Add egg whites. Cover tightly; blend on high 1 minute. Pour into 4 small bowls. Chill until firm, about 2 hours. Whisk cream, lemon juice, peel, and 1 tablespoon sugar in small bowl to very soft peaks. Spoon over mousse; serve. Place chocolate in blender. Bring 3/4 cup water, 2 tablespoons sugar, and espresso powder to simmer in medium saucepan, stirring to dissolve sugar. Pour over chocolate. Co <END>
INPUT: cakes, sugar pumpkin, olive oil, eggs, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Perfect Pumpkin Cakes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 medium sugar pumpkin (2 pounds); 2 tablespoons olive oil; Nonstick spray, for greasing tin; 4 large eggs; 1 1/2 cups brown sugar; 1 cup canola oil; 2 teaspoons baking powder; 2 teaspoons ground cinnamon; 1 teaspoon baking soda; 1/2 teaspoon ground clove; 1/2 teaspoon ground nutmeg; 2 cups all-purpose flour; 1 cup powdered sugar; 1/4 teaspoon ground cinnamon | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. For the cakes: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line a rimmed baking sheet with parchment paper. Cut off the stem end from the pumpkin to create a flat surface. Set the pumpkin cut-side down, slice it vertically in half and scoop out the seeds. Lightly oil the pumpkin with the olive oil. Set the pumpkin halves flat on the baking sheet and roast until easily pricked with a fork, 45 minutes to 1 hour. Let cool for at least 10 minutes before scooping out the flesh. Transfer the pumpkin flesh to a food processor and puree until completely smooth. Measure out 2 cups <END>
INPUT: Italian, Finished Gnocchi above, Tomato Salsa, crema, Manchego, cilantro
OUTPUT: TITLE: Gnocchi in Creamy Red Salsa | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: Finished Gnocchi cooked as above; 2 cups Red Tomato Salsa; 1/2 cup crema, creme fraiche, or sour cream; 1/2 cup grated Manchego (Mexican melting cheese) or Muenster cheese; 1/2 bunch fresh cilantro, washed and chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring salsa and cream to boil in medium ovenproof skillet or casserole. Add cheese and gnocchi. Return to a boil and transfer to oven. Bake until sauce thickens and is bubbly and a slight crust forms on top, about 7 minutes. Garnish with cilantro and serve immediately. <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, hummus, cups, jarred roasted bell, tahini, lemon juice, cumin, kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Red Pepper Hummus in Cucumber Cups | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup diced jarred roasted red bell peppers; 1 tablespoon tahini (sesame seed paste); 2 teaspoons fresh lemon juice (from 1/2 small lemon); 1/2 teaspoon ground cumin; 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt, plus extra to season; Pinch cayenne pepper, optional; One 15-ounce can cannellini beans (white kidney beans), rinsed and drained; 1 large clove garlic, peeled; 2 hothouse cucumbers, ends trimmed; Fresh parsley, cilantro or mint leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. For the hummus: In a food processor, combine the peppers, tahini, lemon juice, cumin, salt, cayenne pepper if using, beans and garlic. Blend until smooth, scraping down the sides of the bowl if needed. Season with salt if needed. Transfer the hummus to a small bowl. Run the tines of a fork down the length of each cucumber several times, turning to make ridges about 1/8-inch deep in the skin all the way around. Cut cucumbers crosswise into 1-inch rounds, for a total of at least 12. Using the smaller end of a melon baller or a round measuring spoon, scoop out the c <END>
INPUT: piccata, chicken breast halves, butter, all purpose flour, Additional all purpose, olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken Piccata | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 skinless boneless chicken breast halves; 3 tablespoons butter, room temperature; 1 1/2 tablespoons all purpose flour; Additional all purpose flour; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1/3 cup dry white wine; 1/4 cup fresh lemon juice; 1/4 cup canned low-salt chicken broth; 1/4 cup drained capers; 1/4 cup chopped fresh parsley | INSTRUCTIONS: Place chicken between 2 large sheets of plastic wrap. Using meat pounder or rolling pin, lightly pound chicken to 1/4-inch thickness. Sprinkle chicken with salt and pepper. Mix 1 tablespoon butter and 1 1/2 tablespoons flour in small bowl until smooth. Place additional flour in shallow baking dish. Dip chicken into flour to coat; shake off excess. Heat 1 tablespoon oil in each of 2 heavy large skillets. Add 2 chicken breasts to each skillet and cook until golden and cooked through, about 3 minutes per side. Transfer chicken to platter; tent with foil to keep warm. Bring wine, lemon juice and b <END>
INPUT: peches, vignes, lightly peaches, orange flower water, Mint springs garnish
OUTPUT: TITLE: Peches de Vignes Peaches in Orange Flower Water | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1-1/2 pounds lightly chilled peaches, skinned and pitted; 2 to 3 teaspoons orange flower water; Mint springs for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Slice the peaches into one-quarter inch thick slices and arrange them nicely in a shallow serving dish. Drizzle them with orange flower water, and garnish with the mint sprigs. Serve immediately. Slice the peaches into one-quarter inch thick slices and arrange them nicely in a shallow serving dish. Drizzle them with orange flower water, and garnish with the mint sprigs. Serve immediately. <END>
INPUT: spiedini, quaglie, quail, pancetta slab bacon, balsamic vinegar, virgin olive oil, honey
OUTPUT: TITLE: Quail Skewers with Sage Polenta and Asiago: Spiedini di Quaglie con Polenta e Asiago | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 8 quail, boned; 4 pieces pancetta or slab bacon, cut into 1-inch cubes; 1/4 cup balsamic vinegar; 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 2 tablespoons honey; 1 tablespoon black pepper; 4 cups water; 10 sage leaves, finely chopped; 4 skewers, soaked in water 8 hours; 1 cup polenta or cornmeal; 1/2 cup Asiago, freshly grated | INSTRUCTIONS: Check the quail for bones or feathers and place in mixing bowl. Add the pancetta, vinegar, olive oil, honey, and black pepper and toss to coat. Set aside and preheat the grill. In a 3-quart saucepan, water and sage and bring to a boil. Thread one quail, followed by one piece of pancetta, followed by one quail on each of four skewers and place on hottest part of grill. Cook 4 to 5 minutes on each side, until just pink at the leg bones. Meanwhile, pour the polenta slowly in a thin stream into boiling water, until all is incorporated and polenta thickens, about 1 to 2 minutes. Switch to a wooden  <END>
INPUT: Italian, gnocchi, brown, sweet potatoes, milk ricotta cheese, salt, cinnamon, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sweet Potato Gnocchi with Maple Cinnamon Sage Brown Butter | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 2 pounds sweet potatoes; 2/3 cup whole milk ricotta cheese; 1 1/2 teaspoons salt; 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 1 1/4 cups all-purpose flour, plus 1/3 cup for the work surface; 1/2 cup unsalted butter (1 stick); 20 fresh sage leaves; 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 2 tablespoons maple syrup; 1 teaspoon salt; 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. For the Gnocchi: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Pierce the sweet potato with a fork. Bake the sweet potatoes until tender and fully cooked, between 40 to 55 minutes depending on size. Cool slightly. Cut in half and scoop the flesh into a large bowl. Mash the sweet potatoes and transfer to a large measuring cup to make sure the sweet potatoes measure about 2 cups. Transfer the mashed sweet potatoes back to the large bowl. Add the ricotta cheese, salt, cinnamon, and pepper and blend until well mixed. Add the flour, 1/2 cup at a time until a soft dough forms. Li <END>
INPUT: Mexican, chips, Twelve corn tortillas, vegetable oil, Fine salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Baked Tortilla Chips | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: Twelve 6-inch corn tortillas (preferably white); 1 tablespoon vegetable oil; Fine salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Brush both sides of the tortillas with the oil. Stack the tortillas and cut the pile into sixths to make chips. Spread the chips out in a single layer on two large baking sheets and season with salt. Bake until golden brown and crisp, rotating the baking sheets once, about 12 to 15 minutes. Serve. <END>
INPUT: nutty, slivered almonds, reduced sodium chicken, basmati rice, salt, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Nutty Basmati Rice with Almonds | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup slivered almonds; 2 cups reduced-sodium chicken broth; 1 cup basmati rice; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/4 teaspoon ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Place almonds in a medium saucepan and set pan over medium heat. Cook 2 to 3 minutes, until lightly golden brown, shaking the pan frequently to prevent burning. Add chicken broth, rice, salt, and black pepper and bring to a boil. Reduce heat to low, cover and simmer 20 minutes, until liquid is absorbed. Fluff with a fork before serving. <END>
INPUT: mushrooms, roast top sirloin, olive oil, salt, pepper, onions
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roast Sirloin of Beef with Caramelized Onions and Mushrooms | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 pound roast cut of top sirloin steak, boneless; 3 tablespoons olive oil, divided; 1 teaspoon salt; 1 teaspoon ground black pepper; 4 large yellow onions, peeled and thinly sliced; 3 large cloves garlic, finely chopped; 1 small bunch flat parsley leaves, roughly chopped, about 1/4 cup; 1 tablespoon extra virgin olive oil; 2 tablespoons lemon juice; 8 portobello mushroom caps; 2 tablespoons flour; 1/2 cup dry red wine; 1 cup beef stock or broth | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 425 degrees. Rub steak with 1 tablespoon olive oil. Season beef with salt and pepper. In a large casserole on the stovetop, sear beef on both sides. To a heavy roasting pan add onions and 2 tablespoons olive oil and roast in oven for 20 minutes, to begin caramelizing onions. Place charred roast on top of onions and roast until internal temperature is 135 degrees (for medium rare), or higher, about 45 minutes. In final 15 minutes (internal temperature of beef should be approximately 120 degrees), mix garlic, parsley, extra virgin olive oil, and lemon juice. Brush mix on steak as <END>
INPUT: cherry, sauce, balsamic vinegar, sugar, wine, shallot, cinnamon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Pork Chops with Sour Cherry Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons balsamic vinegar; 3 tablespoons sugar; 3/4 cup dry red wine; 1/4 cup minced shallot; a 3-inch cinnamon stick; 1 cup chicken broth; 1 pound sour cherries (about 3 cups), pitted; 1 tablespoon cornstarch dissolved in 1 tablespoon cold water; 2 teaspoons fresh lime juice, or to taste; eight 1-inch-thick boneless pork chops; vegetable oil for rubbing chops | INSTRUCTIONS: In a heavy saucepan boil the vinegar with the sugar over moderate heat until the mixture is reduced to a glaze. Add the wine, the shallot, and the cinnamon stick and boil the mixture until it is reduced to about 1/4 cup. Add the broth and the cherries and simmer the sauce for 5 minutes. Stir the cornstarch mixture, add enough of it to the sauce, stirring, to thicken the sauce to the desired consistency, and simmer the sauce for 2 minutes. Discard the cinnamon stick, stir in the lime juice and salt and pepper to taste, and keep the sauce warm, covered. Pat the chops dry with paper towels, rub b <END>
INPUT: bruschette, virgin olive oil, garlic, porcini mushrooms, nipitella combination baby, Fine sea salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Porcini Bruschette with Nipitella | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, plus more for drizzling; 2 cloves garlic, thinly sliced; 4 medium porcini mushrooms, stems removed, tops cut into small pieces; 2 sprigs fresh nipitella or a combination of fresh baby mint and thyme; Fine sea salt; Freshly ground black pepper; 1 loaf unsalted Tuscan bread, sliced into 3/4-inch slices; 1 small bunch fresh flat-leaf parsley, roughly chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat a grill pan or grill. Heat the olive oil in a large saute pan over medium-high heat. Add the garlic and cook until fragrant. Add the porcini mushrooms and saute until beginning to soften, 5 minutes. Tear the nipitella or other herbs and add to the pan. Add salt and pepper to taste and remove from the heat. Toast the bread on the grill pan on both sides. Top with the sauteed porcini and garnish with chopped parsley and a drizzle of extra-virgin olive oil. Serve immediately. <END>
INPUT: slaw, sour cream, granulated sugar, apple cider vinegar, ranch seasoning salad
OUTPUT: TITLE: Apple Slaw | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 cup sour cream; 1/4 cup granulated sugar; 3 tablespoons apple cider vinegar; 2 tablespoons ranch seasoning and salad dressing mix; 1 (8-ounce) package shredded cabbage and carrots; 3 green apples, cored and diced; 3 green onions, thinly sliced; 3 stalks celery, chopped; Salt and pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Whisk sour cream, sugar, vinegar, and ranch seasoning in large bowl to blend. Add cabbage mixture, apples, green onions and celery. Toss to coat. Season, to taste, with salt and pepper. Cover tightly and chill for 20 minutes or up to 4 hours. Serve cold. <END>
INPUT: shrimps, tomatoes, Pernod, salt, pepper, shrimp
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sauteed Shrimps with Tomatoes and Pernod | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 large tomatoes, peeled, seeded, and diced; 2 tablespoons Pernod; 2 teaspoons salt; 1/2 teaspoon white pepper; 2 1/2 pounds medium shrimp, peeled and deveined; Salt and freshly ground black pepper to taste; 8 tablespoons (1 stick) unsalted butter, cold; 1/4 pound Chinese snow peas, julienned; 1 bunch chervil, stems trimmed, chopped, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Puree tomatoes in a blender until smooth. If dry, add a tablespoon or two of water. Pass through a medium strainer into a mixing bowl. Stir in Pernod, salt, and pepper. Reserve. Season shrimps with salt and pepper. Melt 4 tablespoons butter in a large skillet over high heat. Saute shrimps until pink-orange, about 1 minute per side. With a slotted spoon, transfer shrimp to a platter, leaving butter in pan. Add reserved tomato sauce and julienned snow peas. Bring to a boil and cook until reduced by about one-third. Adjust seasonings to taste. Break remaining butter in small pieces and stir into  <END>
INPUT: American, skewered, vinaigrette, Rioja wine, wine vinegar, Dijon Mustard, honey, olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Skewered Lamb with Rioja Red Wine Vinaigrette and Endive Salad with Blue Cheese, Serrano Ham and Pea | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 bottle Rioja red wine; 1/4 cup red wine vinegar; 2 tablespoons Dijon Mustard; 1 teaspoon honey; 1 cup olive oil; Salt and freshly ground pepper; 2 heads garlic, peeled and crushed; 1 1/2 cups pure olive oil; 8 rosemary sprigs; 4 pound lamb loin, cut into 2-inch cubes; 32 roasted pearl onions; 1/2 cup creme fraiche; 2 tablespoons mayonnaise; 1/4 cup Dijon mustard; 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice | INSTRUCTIONS: Make the vinaigrette: In a medium nonreactive saucepan over high heat, reduce the wine to 1/4 cup. Place it in a blender with the vinegar, mustard and honey and blend until combined. With the motor running, slowly add the olive oil until emulsified. Season with salt and pepper to taste. May be refrigerated up to 2 days. Bring to room temperature before using. Make the lamb: Soak 8 bamboo skewers 6 inches long in water for 2 hours or overnight. In a large bowl, combine the garlic, olive oil, rosemary and lamb and marinate the lamb 4 to 6 hours in the refrigerator. Prepare a grill or broiler. Th <END>
INPUT: American, all purpose flour, sugar, salt, water
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate Pumpkin Pie | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/4 cups all-purpose flour; 2 teaspoons sugar; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 8 tablespoons (1 stick) unsalted butter, very cold, cut into small pieces; 2 to 3 tablespoons water, ice cold; 6 ounces semisweet chocolate, chopped; 3 ounces bittersweet chocolate, very finely chopped; 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, cut into small pieces; One 14-ounce can pumpkin puree; One 12-ounce can evaporated milk; 3/4 cup packed light brown sugar; 3 large eggs; 1 tablespoon cornstarch; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; 3/4 teaspoon ground cinnamon | INSTRUCTIONS: For the pie crust: Combine the flour, sugar, salt and butter in a food processor and pulse until coarse, with small marbles of butter remaining. Sprinkle with 2 tablespoons of the ice water, then pulse until crumbly and the dough holds together when squeezed. (If too dry, add another sprinkle of water, but do not over mix.) Transfer the dough to a plastic bag, press into a disk and refrigerate for one hour. Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Roll out the dough on floured surface, then press it into a deep 9-inch pie plate. Trim the edges to leave 1 inch of overhang, fold it under and flute the <END>
INPUT: Rainbow trout, pin oatmeal, lemon, butter, parsley
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pin-Trout | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 Rainbow trout, 9 ounces each, gutted; 1 cup pin oatmeal, (Scottish oats); 1/2 lemon, sliced; 6 tablespoons butter; Sprig parsley; Freshly ground salt; Freshly ground white pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Put the pin oatmeal on a plate and dip the trout into it, covering thoroughly. Melt 2 tablespoons butter in a frying pan. Dip the trout into the butter and then into the pin oatmeal once again. Add the remaining butter into the frying pan and melt. Add the trout a fry quickly on both sides. Cover the base of a casserole with a little of the hot melted butter and lay the trout in it. Pour the remaining butter over and season with salt and pepper. Plate in the preheated 450 degree oven for 10 minutes. Remove the trout from the oven and serve garnished with a sprig of parsley and lemon slices. <END>
INPUT: cocktails, sugar, water, Pimm's, Meyer lemon juice, Meyer lemons
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pimm's Cup Cocktails | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup sugar; 1/2 cup water; 2 cups Pimm's No.1*; 1 cup fresh Meyer lemon juice; 2 Meyer lemons, thinly sliced; 1 orange, halved, thinly sliced; 1 6-inch-long piece cucumber, thinly sliced; 1 3-inch-long piece fresh ginger, thinly sliced; 1/4 cup fresh mint leaves; 1 1/2 cups chilled club soda; Ice cubes; Cucumber spears (for garnish) | INSTRUCTIONS: Stir sugar and 1/2 cup water in saucepan over medium heat until sugar dissolves. Combine Pimm's and next 6 ingredients in large pitcher. Mix in 1/2 cup sugar syrup, mashing slightly to release flavors. Cover; chill at least 1 hour and up to 3 hours. Stir 1 1/2 cups club soda into pitcher. Fill 8 old-fashioned glasses with ice, then cocktail. Garnish with cucumber spears. Stir sugar and 1/2 cup water in saucepan over medium heat until sugar dissolves. Combine Pimm's and next 6 ingredients in large pitcher. Mix in 1/2 cup sugar syrup, mashing slightly to release flavors. Cover; chill at least 1  <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, salad, roasted peppers from, Kalamata olives other, brine cured olives, lemon juice, parsley
OUTPUT: TITLE: Baked Halibut with Chopped Olive Salad | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup chopped drained roasted red peppers from jar; 1/3 cup chopped pitted Kalamata olives or other brine-cured black olives; 1/3 cup chopped pitted brine-cured green olives; 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 2 tablespoons minced fresh parsley; 1 1/2 teaspoons minced garlic; 8 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 6 6-ounce halibut or sea bass fillets (each about 3/4 inch thick); 1/4 cup dry white wine | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine first 6 ingredients and 6 tablespoons oil in bowl. Season with salt and pepper. (Can be made 1 day ahead. Cover; chill.) Preheat oven to 375°F. Oil rimmed baking sheet. Place fish on sheet. Drizzle with 2 tablespoons olive oil. Sprinkle with salt and pepper. Pour white wine around fish. Bake until fish is opaque in center, about 12 minutes. Transfer fish to plates. Spoon chopped olive salad over fish and serve. Combine first 6 ingredients and 6 tablespoons oil in bowl. Season with salt and pepper. (Can be made 1 day ahead. Cover; chill.) Preheat oven to 375°F. Oil rimmed baking sheet.  <END>
INPUT: Mexican, asparagus, hash, bell pepper, limes, tequila, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Braised Lobster with Grilled Asparagus, Potato Hash, White Wine Beet Cream, and Tequila Lime Relish | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup diced red bell pepper; 2 limes, segmented; 2 limes, zested and blanched; 2 ounces tequila; 1 small red onion, julienne; 2 tablespoons minced chipotle chiles; 2 tablespoons white wine; 1 tablespoon red wine vinegar; 1 tablespoon chopped cilantro; 1/2 cup beet juice; 2 cups heavy cream; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 cup white wine; 4 potatoes, cubed; 4 lobster tails | INSTRUCTIONS: To prepare the relish, combine all of the ingredients in a large bowl, mix well, and let stand for 2 hours before serving. To make the beet cream, combine the beet juice, heavy cream, and white wine and mix well. Season with salt and pepper. Preheat oven to 375 degrees F. Blanch the cubed potatoes in boiling water, and set aside. Par-boil the lobster tails for 6 minutes in the shells, and then shock them in ice water. Remove the tails from the shells, cube, and set aside. Using a large pan, place the cubed lobster with lemon juice, 1 tablespoon butter, salt and pepper, and place in the oven un <END>
INPUT: Mexican, country, broth, cinnamon, coriander seeds, peppercorns, bay leaves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Country-Style Tomato and Cilantro Broth | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2 whole cinnamon sticks; 1 teaspoon whole coriander seeds; 1/2 teaspoon whole cloves (about 11 cloves); 1/8 teaspoon whole black peppercorns (about 10 peppercorns), lightly crushed; 2 fresh bay leaves (or 4 dried); 2 green cardamom pods; 6 medium tomatoes, quartered and seeded (about 3 pounds total); 6 cloves garlic, coarsely chopped; 1 (3/4-inch) knob fresh ginger, peeled and coarsely chopped (about 1 tablespoon); 1/2 large bunch fresh cilantro, stems reserved and leaves finely chopped (about 1/4 cup); 1 1/4 teaspoons fine sea salt; 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; Special equipment: 1 (3-inch) square cheesecloth; kitchen string | INSTRUCTIONS: Make spice sachet by wrapping together in cheesecloth the cinnamon sticks, coriander seeds, cloves, peppercorns, bay leaves, and cardamom pods. Tie with kitchen string. In heavy, large pot over high heat, stir together 4 cups water, tomatoes, garlic, ginger, cilantro stems, 1 teaspoon salt, and spice sachet. Bring to boil, then reduce heat and simmer, uncovered, until reduced by 1/3, about 30 minutes. Strain through fine-mesh sieve into large clean pot, reserving solids. Discard spice sachet. Measure 1 cup of strained liquid in pot and transfer to blender. Add reserved solids and pureé until s <END>
INPUT: American, burger, beef, Kosher salt pepper, Dijon mustard, soy sauce, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mustard-Glazed Mushroom Burger | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 pounds ground beef (85-percent lean); Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1/4 cup Dijon mustard; 3 tablespoons soy sauce; 1 teaspoon sugar; 6 slices Swiss cheese; 1 tablespoon olive oil; 8 ounces chopped baby bella or cremini mushrooms; 2 teaspoons fresh thyme leaves or 1 teaspoon dried; 2 cloves garlic, minced; 6 yeasty buns | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the grill to medium-high heat. Form the beef into 6 burgers; sprinkle with salt and pepper. To make the glaze, mix together the mustard, soy sauce and sugar in a small bowl. Grill the burgers until desired doneness, 4 to 5 minutes per side for medium rare, brushing the burgers with the glaze about halfway through. A minute before removing the burgers from the grill, top with the cheese. Meanwhile, heat the oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Cook the mushrooms until beginning to soften, about 5 minutes. Add the thyme and garlic and cook until the mushrooms are soft, about 3 m <END>
INPUT: eggs, unsalted butter, Salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Eggs Over Easy | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 eggs (the fresher the better); 1 tablespoon unsalted butter; Salt and pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat a small non-stick skillet over low heat and add butter. As soon as the butter stops foaming, crack the eggs into the pan. Lift the handle about an inch so that the eggs pool in the far corner of the pan. Hold for 30 seconds or until the whites start to set, then lower the handle and give the pan a jiggle just to make sure there's no sticking. Season with a pinch of salt and pepper and continue to cook over low heat until the whites become opaque. Jiggle to loosen the eggs, then lift the pan, holding it about a foot above the heat. Now, flip the eggs over by pushing the pan away and snappi <END>
INPUT: cupcakes, cake flour, baking powder, salt, graham cracker crumbs, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cinnamon Sugar Graham Cupcakes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 1/4 cups cake flour, sifted; 1 tablespoon baking powder; 3/4 teaspoon salt; 1/2 cup graham cracker crumbs; 1/2 cup brown sugar; 1/4 cup unsalted butter, melted; 1 cup or 2 sticks unsalted butter, room temperature; 1 1/2 cups sugar; 5 large egg, separated into 5 yolks and reserving only 3 egg whites, room temperature; 2 teaspoons Madagascar bourbon vanilla extract; 2 1/2 tablespoons ground cinnamon; 1 1/3 cups whole milk, room temperature; Cinnamon Sugar Graham Cream Cheese Icing, recipe follows; 1/2 cup graham cracker crumbs; 1/2 cup brown sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line mini cupcake pans with 72 mini cupcake liners or line a regular-size cupcake or muffin pan with 24 cupcake liners. Sift together the cake flour, baking powder, and salt into a bowl, and set aside. Combine the graham cracker crumbs and brown sugar in a small bowl and pour in the melted butter. Stir until combined, and set aside. In the bowl of an electric mixer, fitted with the paddle attachment, beat the butter on medium speed until creamy. Gradually add the sugar and beat about 3 minutes more, or until light and fluffy. Scrape down the sides of the bowl <END>
INPUT: hazelnuts, thyme leaves, virgin olive oil, Coarse sea salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Hazelnuts with Thyme | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups hazelnuts (10 ounces); 2 tablespoons fresh thyme leaves; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; Coarse sea salt such as Maldon or fleur de sel to taste | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 450°F with rack in middle. Roast nuts in 1 layer in a shallow baking pan in oven until nuts have a toasted aroma and skins are very dark, about 8 minutes. Remove from oven and let stand 30 minutes, then, if desired, rub in a kitchen towel to remove any loose skins. Heat nuts with thyme in oil in a large heavy skillet over medium heat, shaking skillet, just until hot. Transfer to a bowl and sprinkle with sea salt. Preheat oven to 450°F with rack in middle. Roast nuts in 1 layer in a shallow baking pan in oven until nuts have a toasted aroma and skins are very dark, about 8 minut <END>
INPUT: Indian, curried, salad, long grain rice, salt, curry powder, wine vinegar, vegetable oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Curried Rice Salad with Melon, Raisins, and Peanuts | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups long-grain rice; 1 1/2 teaspoons salt; 2 1/2 teaspoons curry powder; 3 tablespoons white-wine vinegar; 1/3 cup vegetable oil; 3/4 cup golden raisins; 1 cantaloupe, seeded and cut into 1/2-inch cubes; 1 cup plain yogurt; 1/4 cup Major Grey's chutney; 1/3 cup unsalted roasted peanuts | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large saucepan bring 4 quarts water to a boil, stir in the rice and the salt, stirring until the water returns to a boil, and boil the rice for 10 minutes. Drain the rice in a large sieve and rinse it. Set the sieve over a large saucepan of simmering water and steam the rice, covered with a folded kitchen towel and the lid, for 15 minutes, or until it is fluffy and dry. Transfer the rice to a very large bowl and let it cool to lukewarm. In a small bowl whisk together 1 1/2 teaspoons of the curry powder, the vinegar, the oil, and salt to taste, add the vinaigrette to the rice, and toss the <END>
INPUT: crouton, garlic, olive oil, wine, soft beans, Sherry vinegar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Baked Oysters Italian-Style with Ciabatta Crouton | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup whole garlic cloves; 1/2 cup olive oil; 1/2 cup white wine; 1 cup soft-cooked white beans; 2 teaspoons Sherry vinegar; 1/2 teaspoon lemon juice; 1/4 pound finely diced pancetta, cooked until crispy, then drained, fat reserved; Red pepper flakes; 8 (1/4-inch) slices ciabatta or other Italian-style bread; 1 pint shucked oysters (approximately 24); 1 tablespoon butter; 1 to 1 1/2 cups bread crumbs; 3 tablespoons chopped Italian parsley; 1/4 cup good quality olive oil; 1 tablespoon chopped garlic | INSTRUCTIONS: For the croutons: In a small saucepan, over low heat, gently cook garlic in oil and wine until tender and golden. Remove garlic cloves and place in a food processor. To the juices in the pan, add enough olive oil to give you 1/4 cup of liquid. Add white beans, sherry vinegar, and lemon juice to the food processor and puree. With the motor running, add in garlic/olive oil mixture. Remove from processor and stir in crispy pancetta, salt, pepper, and a sprinkle of red pepper flakes. Spread mixture on bread slices and broil or toast in a hot oven until heated and slightly bubbly. For the oysters:  <END>
INPUT: flan, sugar, water, eggs
OUTPUT: TITLE: Coconut Flan | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup sugar; 1/4 cup water; 2 (13.5-ounce) cans coconut milk; 1 (14-ounce) can sweetened condensed milk; 3 large eggs, plus 2 egg yolks; 1 lime, zested; 1/4 cup unsweetened flaked coconut | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat oven to 325 degrees F. In a heavy saucepan over high heat combine the sugar with 1/4 cup of water. Stir just to combine. Simmer until the mixture has reached a deep amber color. Pour immediately into a 9-inch cake pan, swirling to completely coat bottom. Set aside to cool and harden. In a blender combine all the remaining ingredients except the lime zest and flaked coconut. Blend well. Add the lime zest and pulse a few times just to combine. Pour into the cake pan with the caramel. Bake in a water bath until set (the center will still be slightly wobbly), <END>
INPUT: chowder, celeriac, butter, Spanish onions, garlic, Sakonnet Fume Vidal, celery roots
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chowder of Scallops, Celeriac, and Potato with Caramelized Pear and Roasted, Crushed Chestnuts | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 to 3 tablespoons butter; 2 medium Spanish onions, sliced; 2 to 3 garlic cloves, minced; 1 bottle Sakonnet Fume Vidal wine; 5 to 6 celery roots, peeled and quartered; 5 to 6 medium size Yukon gold potatoes, peeled and quartered; Chicken broth or water, to cover; 1 1/4 cups heavy cream; Salt and white pepper; Lemon juice, to taste; 1 celery root, peeled and diced; 2 medium size Yukon gold potatoes, peeled and diced; 2 to 3 tablespoons vegetable oil; 2 pounds medium size, dry packed sea scallops; 3 to 4 Bartlett pears, peeled and diced | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large stockpot, melt the butter over medium heat. Add onions and garlic and saute until softened, but not browned. Add the wine and continue cooking until volume is reduced by half. Add the celery root and potatoes. Cover with stock or water by 1-inch. Bring to a boil over high heat, reduce heat to a low simmer, and cook until potatoes are very tender. Using an immersion blender, puree the vegetables until very smooth. Add the cream and return to a simmer. Stir constantly; at this point the soup can burn easily. Season with salt, white pepper, and lemon juice, to taste. Meanwhile, place t <END>
INPUT: Indian, patties, salmon, sweetned condensed milk, freeze chives, bread crumbs, olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Salmon Patties with White and Green Asparagus and Coconut Curry Sauce | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 1 can salmon; 1/2 can sweetned condensed milk; 1 tablespoon freeze-dried chives; 1/4 cup bread crumbs, plus more to coat; 2 tablespoons olive oil, for frying; Salt and freshly ground black pepper, to taste; 1 Recipe white and green asparagus, (recipe follows); 1 recipe coconut curry sauce, (recipe follows); 6 ounces unsweetend coconut milk; 2 ounces soy milk; 2 tablespoons curry powder; Salt and freshly ground black powder; Olive oil, to saute; 1 can green asparagus; 1 can white asparagus | INSTRUCTIONS: In a medium bowl, mix together ingredients. Season with salt and pepper. Roll the patties in extra breadcrumbs and transfer to a hot saute pan with the olive oil. Pan fry until golden, about 2 minutes for each side. Plate the patties with white and green asparagus and coconut curry sauce.; In a small saucepan over medium heat, add all ingredients. Reduce until the sauce coats the back of a spoon, about 5 minutes. Season to taste with salt and freshly ground black pepper. Add 1-ounce water if the sauce is too thick.; In a large saute pan over high heat, heat enough olive oil to coat the pan. Ad <END>
INPUT: Italian, wrapped, crema, sour cream, mascarpone, lemon zest, lemon juice, basil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Crispy Bacon Wrapped Dates with Lemon-Basil Crema | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons sour cream, room temperature; 1 tablespoon mascarpone, room temperature; 1 teaspoon lemon zest; 2 tablespoons lemon juice; 3 tablespoons chopped fresh basil; 1/4 teaspoon kosher salt; 12 Medjool dates; 2 links hot Italian sausage, casings removed; 6 slices bacon (about 4 ounces), cut crosswise in half | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. For the crema: Whisk together the sour cream, mascarpone, lemon zest, lemon juice, basil and salt. Cover, and refrigerate for at least 1 hour to let the flavors marry. For the dates: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Make a small lengthwise slit down the center of each date. Remove the pits and open the dates slightly; make sure they stay intact. Stuff each date with 1 teaspoon of the sausage. Close the dates up and around the sausage¿they won't close completely¿leaving some of the sausage exposed. Wrap each date in a piece of bacon and place on a baking sheet.  <END>
INPUT: olive oil, garlic, tomatoes juice, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tomato Jam | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon olive oil; 1 cup (scant) finely chopped onion; 1 garlic clove, minced; 2 14-ounce cans diced tomatoes in juice; 1 tablespoon sugar; 1/2 teaspoon dried thyme; 1/2 teaspoon coarse kosher salt; 1/4 teaspoon black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat oil in medium saucepan over medium heat. Add chopped onion and garlic; cook until onion is soft and translucent, stirring often, about 4 minutes. Add diced tomatoes with juice, sugar, thyme, salt, and black pepper. Cook over medium-high heat until almost all liquid evaporates and mixture is reduced to about 2 1/4 cups, stirring occasionally, about 10 minutes. Cool. Heat oil in medium saucepan over medium heat. Add chopped onion and garlic; cook until onion is soft and translucent, stirring often, about 4 minutes. Add diced tomatoes with juice, sugar, thyme, salt, and black pepper. Cook ov <END>
INPUT: American, cheesecake, almonds, crisp lemon flavored, sugar, lemon peel
OUTPUT: TITLE: White Chocolate Cheesecake with Cinnamon and Lemon | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup whole almonds, toasted; 3/4 cup ground crisp lemon-flavored cookies (about 2 1/2 ounces); 3 tablespoons sugar; 1 teaspoon grated lemon peel; 1/4 cup (1/2 stick) unsalted butter, melted; 3 ounces good-quality white chocolate (such as Lindt or Baker's), chopped; 2 8-ounce packages cream cheese, room temperature; 1 1/4 cups sugar; 1 cup sour cream, room temperature; 1/4 cup fresh lemon juice; 2 teaspoons finely grated lemon peel; 2 teaspoons vanilla extract; 1 1/2 teaspoons ground cinnamon; 5 large eggs; 4 ounces good-quality white chocolate (such as Lindt or Baker's), chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: For crust Position rack in center or oven and preheat to 325°F. Wrap outside of 9-inch-diameter springform pan with 2 3/4-inch-high sides with 2 layers of foil. Finely grind 1/2 cup almonds, cookies, sugar and lemon peel in processor. Add butter and 1/2 cup almonds. Process until nuts are chopped and moist clumps form. Press mixture onto bottom (not sides) of pan. Bake until crust is golden, about 20 minutes. Cook. Maintain oven temperature. Position rack in center or oven and preheat to 325°F. Wrap outside of 9-inch-diameter springform pan with 2 3/4-inch-high sides with 2 layers of foil. Fin <END>
INPUT: heavy cream, milk, vanilla bean, egg yolks, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Vanilla Bean Ice Cream | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 cups heavy cream; 1 cup whole milk; 1 vanilla bean, split lengthwise, seeds scraped out; 10 large egg yolks; 1 cup sugar; Pinch of kosher salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine the heavy cream, milk, and vanilla pod and seeds in a large saucepan. Bring to a gentle simmer over medium-high heat, then remove from the heat. Whisk the egg yolks, sugar and salt in a medium bowl. Ladle half of the cream mixture into the egg mixture and whisk to combine; return to the saucepan with the remaining cream mixture. Cook over medium heat, stirring constantly with a wooden spoon in a figure-8 motion, until the custard is thick enough to coat the back of the spoon, about 10 minutes. Strain the custard through a fine-mesh sieve into a blender; discard the vanilla pod. Puree u <END>
INPUT: toasts, loaf ciabatta, garlic, Fontina
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fontina Garlic Toasts | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 large loaf ciabatta, or other Italian bread, sliced; 1 large garlic clove, halved lengthwise; 1 cup finely grated Fontina | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 375 degrees. On a baking sheet, toast bread lightly in middle of oven. While bread is hot, rub top of each toast with garlic and sprinkle with Fontina. Bake toasts until cheese is melted, about 5 minutes. <END>
INPUT: blackberry, herbs de Provence, cognac, raspberry vinegar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Blackberry and Herb Filet Mignon | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 (8-ounce) filet mignon medallions; 1 (1.06-ounce) packet herb marinade mix (recommended: McCormick Grill Mates); 1 tablespoon herbs de Provence; 1/3 cup cognac; 3 tablespoons black and raspberry vinegar; 3 tablespoons olive oil; 1 cup frozen blackberries, thawed; 2 tablespoons butter; Fresh blackberries, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: In large zip-top bag, combine all ingredients, except butter and fresh blackberries. Squeeze out air and seal bag. Massage bag until well combined and marinade mix is dissolved. Marinate in refrigerator 6 to 8 hours. Remove filets from refrigerator 30 minutes before cooking. Melt butter in heavy-bottomed, or cast iron, skillet over medium-high heat. Remove steaks from marinade and sear for 3 to 5 minutes per side. Serve hot, topped with pan juices and fresh blackberry garnish. <END>
INPUT: Indian, wrap, low sodium vegetable, lentils, French lentils, celery, carrot
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lentil, Apple, and Turkey Wrap | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 4 cups low-sodium vegetable or chicken stock; 1 cup dried brown lentils; 1/2 cup dried French green lentils; 2 stalks celery, chopped; 1 large carrot, peeled and chopped; 1 sprig fresh thyme; 1 teaspoon kosher salt; 1 medium tomato, cored, seeded, and diced; 1 small Fuji apple, cored and diced; 1 tablespoon freshly squeezed lemon juice; 2 teaspoons extra-virgin olive oil; Freshly ground black pepper to taste; 3 sheets whole-wheat lavash, cut in half crosswise, or 6 (12-inch) flour tortillas; 3/4 pound turkey breast, thinly sliced; 1/2 head Bibb lettuce | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. Place the stock, lentils, celery, carrot, thyme, and salt in a medium saucepan and bring to a boil. Reduce heat to low and simmer until the lentils are tender, about 30 minutes, depending on the lentils. (If they begin to dry out, add water as needed.) Remove and discard the thyme. Drain and transfer the mixture to a bowl; let cool. 2. Fold in the tomato, apple, lemon juice, and olive oil. Season with the pepper. 3. To assemble a wrap, place 1 lavash sheet on a clean work surface. Spread some of the lentil mixture on the end nearest you, leaving a 1-inch border. Top with several slices of t <END>
INPUT: crumbled amaretti, all purpose flour, sugar, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Amaretti-Stuffed Peaches | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 stick (1/4 cup) unsalted butter, softened; 1 cup coarsely crumbled amaretti (Italian almond macaroons, preferably Lazzaroni brand); 2 1/2 tablespoons all-purpose flour; 2 tablespoons sugar; 1/8 teaspoon salt; 1 large egg; 8 firm-ripe small peaches (about 2 lb), halved lengthwise and pitted; Accompaniment: mascarpone cheese or crème fraîche | INSTRUCTIONS: Put oven rack in middle position and preheat oven to 350°F. Melt 2 tablespoons butter and pour into a 13- by 9-inch glass or ceramic baking dish. Pulse 3/4 cup crumbled amaretti in a food processor until finely chopped, then add flour, sugar, salt, and remaining 2 tablespoons butter. Blend until butter is incorporated, then add egg and blend until smooth. Scoop out just enough peach pulp from center of each peach half with a melon-ball cutter or a small spoon to create a 1-inch-deep cavity. Arrange peaches, cut sides up, in baking dish, then brush skins with melted butter from dish. Divide ama <END>
INPUT: Asian, gingered, goose around, Canola oil, pepper, sesame oil, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Goose with Chestnut-Sweet Potato Stuffing and Gingered Plum Sauce | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1 whole goose around 15 pounds, soaked overnight in a lightly salted brine liquid; Canola oil; Black pepper; 1 teaspoon sesame oil; 12 cloves garlic; 1 tablespoon minced ginger; 1 onion, 1/4-inch dice; 1 large, peeled carrot, 1/4-inch dice; 2 ribs celery, 1/4-inch dice; Salt and black pepper, to taste; 2 large sweet potatoes, oven roasted until al dente (80 percent), peeled and 1/2-inch dice; 12 chestnuts, roasted and peeled and halved; 1 cup sliced scallions, separated, save white part for the sauce; 2 cups dehydrated plums (prunes), 1/4-inch dice; 2 cups plum wine | INSTRUCTIONS: Pre-heat the oven to 550 degrees with a roasting pan large enough to hold the bird. Pull bird out of brine and rinse extremely well. Pat dry and rub canola oil all over and inside the bird and season with black pepper. Place goose in the hot roasting pan in the oven. Let brown on top, about 20 to 30 minutes. Meanwhile, in a hot saute pan coated lightly with canola oil, add the sesame oil and saute the garlic cloves, ginger and onions until lightly brown then add the carrots and celery, about 5 minutes. Season with salt and pepper. In a large bowl, gently mix with the sweet potatoes, chestnuts  <END>
INPUT: granola, old fashioned oats, slivered almonds, cinnamon, canola oil, pure maple syrup
OUTPUT: TITLE: Maple-Almond Granola with Dried Berries | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 5 cups old-fashioned oats; 2 cups slivered almonds; 2 teaspoons ground cinnamon; 1/2 cup canola oil; 1/2 cup pure maple syrup (preferably Grade B); 1/2 cup hot water; 1 tablespoon vanilla extract; 2 teaspoons almond extract; 1/2 teaspoon fine sea salt; 1 1/4 cups dried blueberries or cranberries (about 6 ounces) | INSTRUCTIONS: Arrange 1 rack in top third and 1 rack in bottom third of oven; preheat to 300°F. Line 2 rimmed baking sheets with parchment. Toss oats, almonds, and cinnamon in large bowl. Whisk oil, maple syrup, 1/2 cup hot water, both extracts, and sea salt in medium bowl. Drizzle over dry ingredients; toss to coat. Divide mixture between sheets, spreading in even layer. Bake granola 20 minutes. Stir granola; reverse sheets and bake until golden brown, 25 to 30 minutes longer. Transfer granola on sheets to racks. Sprinkle dried fruit over and cool completely, stirring occasionally. DO AHEAD: Can be made 1  <END>
INPUT: Italian, brown, egg fettuccine, butter, sage leaves, veal stock, Parmesan cheese additional
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fettuccine with Brown Butter and Sage | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 8.8-ounce package dried egg fettuccine (such as De Cecco); 4 1/2 tablespoons butter; 20 fresh sage leaves, stemmed; 4 1/2 tablespoons frozen veal stock, thawed, or 2 tablespoons beef broth and 2 1/2 tablespoons low-salt chicken broth; 5 tablespoons grated Parmesan cheese plus additional for serving | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook pasta in large pot of boiling salted water until tender, stirring occasionally. Drain, reserving 1/2 cup cooking liquid. Meanwhile, melt butter in heavy large skillet over medium-low heat. Add sage leaves and cook until edges curl and butter is dark amber (do not burn), stirring and turning leaves occasionally, about 6 minutes. Transfer sage to paper towels. Add veal stock to brown butter. Add pasta and 5 tablespoons grated Parmesan cheese to brown butter mixture in skillet; toss to coat, adding reserved cooking liquid by tablespoonfuls if dry. Season with salt and pepper. Divide among bo <END>
INPUT: sunny, bacon, onion, thyme, Kosher salt pepper, dark sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sunny's Easy Baked Beans | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 pieces bacon; 1 cup chopped onion; 6 to 8 sprigs fresh thyme; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1/2 cup dark brown sugar; 3 cloves garlic, grated on a rasp; 1 tablespoon dry mustard; 1 teaspoon sweet paprika; 1/2 cup ketchup; 2 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce; 2 tablespoons Sriracha; 4 Roma tomatoes, seeded and chopped; 3 (15.5-ounce) cans cannellini beans, 1 drained; 4 cups beef stock | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Heat the oven to 350 degrees F. Over a Dutch oven or oven-safe pot, cut 3 strips of the bacon into small pieces and cook on medium-high heat until the fat is rendered and the bacon is crisp. Remove the bacon to a paper towel-lined plate leaving the fat in the pot. Add the onions, thyme, and then season with salt and pepper. Cook until the onions are tender and translucent, about 5 minutes. Add the brown sugar, garlic, dry mustard, paprika, ketchup, Worcestershire sauce, and Sriracha. Stir to mix and cook until the brown sugar melts and the pot begins to bubble. A <END>
INPUT: salad, smoked bacon, sweet potatoes, Yukon Gold potatoes, kosher salt, scallions
OUTPUT: TITLE: Two-Potato Salad with Creole Mustard, Bacon, and Arugula | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 strips thick-sliced smoked bacon; 1 pound sweet potatoes, peeled and cut into 1-inch cubes; 1 pound Yukon Gold potatoes, peeled and cut into 1-inch cubes; 1 teaspoon kosher salt; 4 scallions, finely chopped; 2 celery stalks, finely chopped; 2 serrano chiles, stemmed, seeded, and minced; 1/2 cup plus 2 tablespoons mayonnaise; 2 tablespoons Creole mustard (see note); 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh tarragon leaves; Freshly ground black pepper; 6 ounces arugula | INSTRUCTIONS: Fry the bacon in a large skillet over medium heat until crisp and browned. Transfer the bacon to a plate lined with paper towels and set aside. Place the sweet potatoes and Yukon Gold potatoes in two separate saucepans. Cover the potatoes with water (by 2 inches), add 1/2 teaspoon salt to each pot, and bring the pots to a boil over medium-high heat. Reduce the heat, and simmer the potatoes until they are just cooked through and tender. The sweet potatoes will cook in about 15 minutes, and the Yukon Gold potatoes should be finished in about 12 minutes. Drain the potatoes, and allow them to cool <END>
INPUT: Mexican, cooler, jigger, Cuarenta Tres, Seltzer soda
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tequila Cooler | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 jigger (1 1/2 ounces) tequila; 1 to 1 1/2 ounces Cuarenta y Tres (Spanish herbal fruit liqueur); Seltzer or club soda | INSTRUCTIONS: In a tall glass three-fourths full of ice cubes, stir together tequila and Cuarenta y Tres and top off with seltzer or club soda. In a tall glass three-fourths full of ice cubes, stir together tequila and Cuarenta y Tres and top off with seltzer or club soda. <END>
INPUT: double, cookies, sugar, light sugar, eggs, all purpose flour
OUTPUT: TITLE: Double Chocolate Espresso Cookies | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 18 tablespoons (2 1/4 sticks) unsalted butter, at room temperature; 1 cup sugar; 1 cup light brown sugar; 2 large eggs, at room temperature; 2 1/2 cups all-purpose flour; 3/4 cup unsweetened cocoa powder; 1 teaspoon baking soda; 1 teaspoon kosher salt; 2 tablespoons instant espresso powder, like Medaglia D’Oro, or similar; 12 ounces semisweet chocolate chips | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat the oven to 350°F. In a large bowl, cream the butter and sugars until light and fluffy. Add the eggs one at time, mixing after each addition to make sure they are well combined. In a separate bowl, combine the dry ingredients: flour, cocoa powder, baking soda, salt, and espresso powder. I use a whisk to make sure they are well blended. With the mixer on low, slowly add the dry ingredients to the wet ingredients, scraping down the sides of the bowl as needed. Mix everything until the ingredients are fully combined, but do not overbeat. Using a wooden spoon, stir in the chocolate chips. Lin <END>
INPUT: tian, jumbo lump crab, avocado, cucumber, tomato concasse, shallots
OUTPUT: TITLE: Crab, Avocado and Cucumber Tian with Gazpacho Coulis | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 ounces jumbo lump crab, picked over to remove cartilage and bones; 1 ounce avocado, diced; 1 ounce cucumber, diced; 1 ounce tomato concasse; 1/4 ounce shallots, finely chopped; 1/4 ounce chives, finely sliced; 1/2 lemon, juiced; 2 ounces mayonnaise; 2 ounces stiffly beaten whipped cream; Salt and pepper, to taste; 2 tablespoons Gazpacho Coulis, recipe follows; 3 to 4 sprigs chervil or leaves of basil, for garnish; 1 tomato, peeled and seeded; 1/2 teaspoon tomato paste; 1 small cucumber, peeled and seeded | INSTRUCTIONS: In a small bowl, gently fold the crab with the avocado, cucumber, tomato concasse, shallots, chives and lemon juice together. In a larger, separate bowl, fold the mayonnaise with the whipped cream. Using a spatula, fold the crab mixture into the mayonnaise mixture. Adjust seasoning with salt and pepper. Place a 3-inch round cookie cutter in the center of a chilled plate. Fill the cookie cutter with the crab salad and remove the cookie cutter. There should be a cylinder of crab salad. Drizzle the Gazpacho Coulis around the crab salad, and garnish with chervil or basil. In a food processor, liqu <END>
INPUT: virgin olive oil, garlic, pepper, baby kale, kale
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sauteed Kale | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Extra-virgin olive oil; 3 cloves garlic, smashed; Pinch crushed red pepper; 1 bunch baby kale, stems removed, cut into 1/2-inch lengths; 1 bunch black kale, stems removed, cut into 1/2-inch lengths; Kosher salt; 1/4 cup chicken stock; 1 tablespoon sherry vinegar | INSTRUCTIONS: Coat a large saute pan with olive oil and add the garlic cloves and crushed red pepper. Bring the pan to a medium heat and cook the garlic until it gets golden and very aromatic. Remove the garlic and discard. Add the 2 types of kale and stir to coat with the oil. Season with salt and add the chicken stock. Cover and cook for 2 to 3 minutes. Uncover and stir to be sure that the kale is cooked evenly. Let the liquid evaporate. Sprinkle with sherry vinegar. Taste to make sure that the kale is seasoned perfectly. Serve immediately. <END>
INPUT: virgin olive oil, good quality smoky, chicken legs, Kosher salt pepper, onions
OUTPUT: TITLE: Smoky Chicken and Cider | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Extra-virgin olive oil, for drizzling; 8 ounces good-quality smoky bacon, sliced; 8 to 10 pieces bone-in chicken legs, thighs, and breast meat combined; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 onions, peeled and cut into wedges with the root end attached; 4 carrots, peeled, sliced on an angle 1/2-inch thick; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh thyme; 2 to 3 large fresh bay leaves; 3 tablespoons all-purpose flour; 2 cups cloudy apple cider; About 1/3 cup dark amber maple syrup; 1/4 cup apple cider vinegar; 1 to 2 cups chicken stock; 1 pound small Yukon gold potatoes, quartered; 2 Golden Delicious apples, quartered, cored and sliced | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat a drizzle of extra-virgin olive oil in a large Dutch oven over medium-high heat. Add the bacon to the hot pan, brown it and then remove with a slotted spoon. Season the chicken pieces liberally with salt and pepper, then brown in 2 batches on both sides, and remove to plate. Add the onions, carrots, thyme, and bay leaves, and season with salt and pepper. Cover the pan and sweat the vegetables 5 to 6 minutes, stirring occasionally, until softened. Add the flour and stir 1 to 2 minutes, then add the cider, syrup, vinegar, and 1 cup stock, stirring between each addition. Slide in the potatoe <END>
INPUT: Mexican, St. Louis style, Big Daddy Rub, liters cola, water, Apple Cider Buttermilk
OUTPUT: TITLE: Ribs with Big Daddy Rub | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 5 pounds St. Louis style ribs; 2 cups Big Daddy Rub, recipe follows; 2 liters cola (recommended: Coca-Cola); 4 cups water; Apple Cider Buttermilk Dipping Sauce, recipe follows; 3 cups brown sugar; 1/4 cup kosher salt; 1/4 cup smoked paprika; 2 tablespoons ground cumin; 2 tablespoons hot chili powder; 2 tablespoons cayenne; 2 tablespoons freshly ground black pepper; 2 tablespoons red pepper flakes; 2 cups apple cider; 1/4 cup granulated sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Rub ribs with 1 cup Big Daddy Rub until evenly coated on both sides. Allow ribs to marinate at room temperature for 30 minutes. Place ribs in 2 large roasting pans and cover with the cola and water. Cover with foil and cook in oven for 1 1/2 hours. Remove ribs from oven and allow to cool. Slice ribs into individual-size pieces. Preheat grill over medium-high heat. Place ribs on the grill. Brush on apple cider-buttermilk sauce. Cook for additional 5 minutes. In a large bowl, toss ribs with another 1 cup of rub until well coated. Spread ribs out on a sheet tray and <END>
INPUT: American, pizza BBQ sauce, beef steak, onion, mozzarella
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sliced Steak Pizza | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 (14-inch) pizza crust; 3/4 cup pizza or BBQ sauce; 5 ounces beef steak (brisket, flank steak or sirloin), cut into 1-inch pieces; 1/2 red onion, thinly sliced; 7 ounces mozzarella, shredded; 3 ounces smoked provolone, shredded; 1 to 2 tablespoons dried oregano, optional | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Stretch the crust over a 14-inch pizza pan. Evenly spread the sauce over the crust. Arrange the steak and red onions over the sauce. Mix the mozzarella and provolone cheeses together in a bowl then distribute them evenly over the pizza. Season with dried oregano, if desired. Bake the pizza until the crust is crisp and brown, about 10 to 15 minutes. Remove the pizza from the oven, cut it into wedges, and serve. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, burritos, vegetable oil, pico de gallo, chipotle chile adobo, pinto beans, rotisserie chicken
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chipotle Chicken Burritos | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon vegetable oil; 3/4 cup pico de gallo or fresh salsa; 1 chipotle chile in adobo sauce, chopped, plus 1 to 2 tablespoons sauce from the can; 1 14-ounce can pinto beans, drained and rinsed; 1 1/2 cups shredded rotisserie chicken, skin removed; 1/4 cup roughly chopped fresh cilantro; Kosher salt; 4 burrito-size flour tortillas; 1 1/3 cups cooked white rice, warmed; 1 1/3 cups shredded monterey jack cheese (about 5 ounces); 1 1/3 cups shredded romaine lettuce; Guacamole, for serving (optional) | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat the vegetable oil in a medium pot over medium-high heat. Add 1/2 cup pico de gallo, the chopped chipotle, and adobo sauce to taste; cook until the mixture starts to sizzle, about 2 minutes. Add the beans and 3/4 cup water; bring to a low boil, then stir in the chicken and cook until the mixture is slightly thickened, about 2 minutes. Stir in the cilantro and season with salt. Heat the tortillas as the label directs. Arrange the rice horizontally in the lower half of each tortilla, leaving a 1 1/2-inch border on all sides. Top evenly with the cheese, chicken mixture, lettuce and the remain <END>
INPUT: American, arrabbiata, sauce, gemelli fusilli, virgin olive oil, garlic, pepper, petite tomatoes juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Gemelli with Cheese and Quick Arrabbiata Sauce | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound gemelli or fusilli; 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 2 large garlic cloves, finely chopped; 1/4 teaspoon dried crushed red pepper; 2 14 1/2-ounce cans petite diced tomatoes in juice; 1/2 cup dry white wine; 1 cup thinly sliced fresh basil; 1 cup grated pecorino Romano cheese | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook pasta in large pot of boiling salted water until tender but still firm to bite. Drain, reserving 1/3 cup cooking water. Meanwhile, heat oil in large skillet over medium-high heat. Add garlic and crushed red pepper and sauté 1 minute. Add tomatoes with juices and wine; bring to boil. Boil until sauce thickens, about 8 minutes. Stir in basil. Season sauce to taste with salt and pepper. Add pasta and 1/2 cup cheese to sauce and toss until cheese melts and sauce coats pasta, adding reserved water by tablespoonfuls to moisten if necessary, about 3 minutes. Season pasta to taste with salt and p <END>
INPUT: sabayon, egg yolks, sugar, Champagne, milk chocolate sauce, heavy cream
OUTPUT: TITLE: Champagne Sabayon on Top of Milk Chocolate Sauce and Fresh Berries | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 egg yolks; 1 cup sugar; 1 1/2 cups Champagne; 4 ounces milk chocolate sauce; 2 ounces heavy cream; 1 cup mixed fresh berries; 3 sugar cookies, pre-made | INSTRUCTIONS: To make the Champagne sabayon, put the egg yolks, sugar, and Champagne in a medium stainless steel bowl. Whisk over barely simmering water (145 degrees F) until mixture begins to thicken. When it has tripled in volume, and falls in ribbons into the bowl, remove it from the water. Place the bowl on a cool surface and continue to whisk until the sabayon has cooled slightly. While the sabayon is cooling, heat the milk chocolate sauce in a small sauce pot over low heat. Slowly incorporate the heavy cream until smooth. Mix the chocolate with the fresh berries and pour into a martini glass. Serve th <END>
INPUT: American, sandwich, cookies, all purpose flour, baking powder, baking soda, coarse kosher salt, powdered sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Milk Chocolate-Peanut Butter Sandwich Cookies | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 3/4 cups all purpose flour; 1 teaspoon baking powder; 1/2 teaspoon baking soda; 1/2 teaspoon coarse kosher salt; 1/2 cup plus 1/3 cup powdered sugar; 1/2 cup plus 1 tablespoon (packed) dark brown sugar; 6 tablespoons (3/4 stick) unsalted butter, room temperature; 1/2 cup creamy peanut butter; 1/2 cup vegetable oil; 1 1/2 teaspoons vanilla extract; 1 large egg; 1 1/3 cups (about 8 ounces) milk chocolate chips; 3 ounces high-quality milk chocolate (such as Lindt or Perugina), chopped; 1/4 cup creamy peanut butter; 2 tablespoons powdered sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: For cookies: Preheat oven to 350°F. Whisk first 4 ingredients in medium bowl. Using electric mixer, beat powdered sugar, dark brown sugar, and butter in large bowl to blend. Add peanut butter; beat until creamy. Gradually beat in vegetable oil and vanilla extract, then egg. Add dry ingredients; mix just until blended. Stir in milk chocolate chips. Drop cookie dough by level tablespoonfuls onto ungreased baking sheets, spacing about 1 1/2 inches apart. Bake cookies until puffed and golden brown, about 12 minutes. Cool slightly, then transfer cookies to rack to cool completely. Preheat oven to 3 <END>
INPUT: onion, olive oil, water, golden raisins
OUTPUT: TITLE: Swiss Chard with Olives and Raisins | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 pound (about 1/2 large bunch) Swiss chard, washed well and drained; 1/2 onion, chopped fine; 1 tablespoon olive oil; 1/4 cup water; 2 tablespoons golden raisins, chopped fine; Salt; 6 kalamata or other large brine-cured black olives, pitted and chopped fine | INSTRUCTIONS: Cut stems and thick center ribs from Swiss chard leaves. Discard center ribs and chop coarse stems and leaves separately. In a 9-inch heavy skillet cook onion in oil over moderate heat, stirring, until softened. Add stems, 2 tablespoons water, raisins, and salt, to taste, and cook, covered, over moderately low heat until stems are softened, about 5 minutes. Add leaves, olives, and remaining 2 tablespoons water and cook, covered, over moderate heat until leaves are wilted, about 3 minutes. Remove lid and cook, stirring occasionally, until most of liquid is evaporated and leaves are tender. <END>
INPUT: Italian, unsalted butter, flour, milk, nutmeg, Salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Zucchini Lasagna | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 4 tablespoons unsalted butter; 4 tablespoons flour; 2 cups milk, heated; Freshly-grated nutmeg; Salt and pepper; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; Extra-virgin olive oil; 2 cups sliced onions; 1 tablespoon minced garlic; Salt and pepper; Minced fresh oregano; 6 zucchini, trimmed, cut lengthwise into 1/4-inch slices; 4 sheets instant lasagna (such as Delverde Instant Lasagna Ondine); 6 ounces fresh mozzarella, sliced; 1 cup grated Parmesan cheese | INSTRUCTIONS: Make bechamel: Heat milk just until small bubbles form around edges. In a saucepan over moderately low heat melt butter, add flour and whisk mixture over moderately low heat for 2 minutes. Slowly stir in milk and bring to a simmer, whisking constantly for 5 minutes. Season with nutmeg, salt and pepper. Make filling: In a large skillet heat 1 tablespoon each of butter and olive oil over moderate heat , add onions and garlic and cook, stirring occasionally, 20 minutes or until golden brown; season to taste with salt and pepper. Preheat oven to 450 degrees. Brush zucchini with olive oil, fresh or <END>
INPUT: cranberry, salad, apple, cranberries, Archer Farms Cinnamon, Archer Farms Poppyseed
OUTPUT: TITLE: Apple Cranberry and Pecan Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 (5-ounce) bag fresh baby spinach blend; 1 apple, thinly sliced; 1/2 cup dried cranberries; 1/2 cup Archer Farms Cinnamon Glazed Pecans; 6 tablespoons Archer Farms Poppyseed Dressing | INSTRUCTIONS: Toss spinach, apple, cranberries and pecans in large bowl until mixed. Drizzle with dressing. Serve immediately. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, smoky, avocados, Mexican crema sour, onion, cilantro, lime juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Smoky Crab and Avocado Dip | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 5 medium ripe avocados, halved and flesh removed; 3/4 cup Mexican crema or sour cream; 1/4 cup finely chopped red onion; 1/4 cup chopped fresh cilantro; 2 tablespoons lime juice; 2 tablespoons chopped pickled jalapeno peppers; 2 tablespoons pickled jalapeno pepper juice; 1 tablespoon hot pepper sauce; 1 teaspoon ground cumin; 1 teaspoon hot Hungarian paprika; 1/2 teaspoon liquid smoke; 1/2 pound lump crab meat, shells and cartilage removed; Kosher salt (optional); Freshly ground black pepper (optional); Keebler® Town House® Flatbread Crisps - Roasted Garlic crackers | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. In large bowl combine avocado flesh, Mexican crema, onion, cilantro, lime juice, jalapeno peppers, jalapeno juice, hot pepper sauce, cumin, paprika and liquid smoke. Mash with potato masher until nearly smooth. 2. Fold crab into avocado mixture. Season with salt and pepper (if desired). Cover with plastic wrap, pressing wrap onto dip surface. Refrigerate for 1 to 24 hours. Serve with KEEBLER TOWN HOUSE Flatbread Crisps - Roasted Garlic crackers. <END>
INPUT: gordy, bell peppers, celery, butter, choice beef, sweet onions
OUTPUT: TITLE: Gordy's Fresh Homemade Chili | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 to 7 large fresh green bell peppers, seeded and chopped; 3 large ribs fresh celery, chopped; 1/2 pound butter; 10 pounds fresh choice ground beef; 5 pounds fresh sweet yellow onions, chopped (6 to 8 jumbo), plus more for serving; 1/4 cup salt, plus more for seasoning; 1/4 cup ground black pepper, plus more for seasoning; 1/3 cup chili powder; 1 gallon premium diced tomatoes in juice; 1 gallon chili sauce; 2 gallons dark red kidney beans with juice; Freshly grated Cheddar; Hot pepper sauce of choice | INSTRUCTIONS: Put the chopped green peppers, chopped celery and butter in a large skillet over medium heat. Cover and saute for 20 minutes, stirring several times during the cooking. Chunk the ground beef with your hands and put it into a frying pan over medium heat. Add the chopped onions, and season with the salt and pepper, to taste. Cook until the meat has browned and is fully cooked, about 1/2 hour. In a large soup pot or kettle, add the beef and onions, celery and peppers, the chili powder, diced tomatoes with juice, chili sauce, kidney beans with all the juice, the 1/4 cup salt and 1/4 cup of pepper. <END>
INPUT: gravy, eyed peas, bacon grease, salt, all purpose flour, Salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Rice and Gravy | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup dried black-eyed peas, cleaned and picked; 2 tablespoons bacon grease; 1 teaspoon salt; 1 cup all-purpose flour, plus more if needed; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 cups rice, cooked according to package directions | INSTRUCTIONS: Place the peas in a medium saucepan and cover with cold water. Add 1 tablespoon of the bacon grease and the salt. Bring to a simmer and cook the peas until tender, about 1 hour. Remove from the heat, drain and set aside. In a medium cast-iron pan set over medium heat, add the remaining 1 tablespoon bacon grease, the flour and some salt and pepper. Constantly stir the flour until it just starts to turn deep golden brown and resembles peanut butter. Add 2 1/4 cups water, and continue to stir, scraping the browned bits from the bottom of the pot. Continue to stir until thick and bubbly. Add the c <END>
INPUT: Italian, pork, chops, olive oil, onion, garlic, wine, water
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sauteed Pork Chops with Mustard Sauce with Caeser Salad with Parmesan Crisps and Hominy Croutons | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1 cup finely chopped onion; 3 cloves garlic, finely chopped; 1 cup white wine; 3 1/2 cups water; 1 cup white cornmeal, plus 1 cup for dredging the croutons; Salt and freshly ground pepper; 3 cups canola oil; 1 cup grated Parmesan cheese; 1 cup grated Asiago cheese; 1 tablespoon flour; 1 tablespoon mayonnaise; 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard; Salt and freshly ground pepper; 1 teaspoon pureed canned chipotles | INSTRUCTIONS: Hominy Croutons: Heat oil in a small saute pan. Cook onions and garlic until soft. Add wine and reduce by half. Place the water in a medium saucepan and add 2 tablespoons of salt, bring to a boil. Slowly whisk in the cornmeal and cook for, 15 to 20 minutes. Season with salt and pepper and spread into a buttered 11 by 17 inch baking sheet. Chill in the refrigerator for at least 1 hour. Heat the oil in a cast iron skillet or a deep fry to 350 degrees F. Cut the polenta into 1/2-inch squares. Dredge lightly in cornmeal and fry in batches until golden brown. Parmesan Crisps: Heat a large saute pan <END>
INPUT: Italian, salad, lemon juice, Dijon style mustard, garlic, hot pepper flakes, olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Artichoke Heart, Fennel, and Parmesan Salad | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 2 teaspoons fresh lemon juice, or to taste; 1/4 teaspoon Dijon-style mustard; 1 garlic clove, minced and mashed to a paste with 1/4 teaspoon salt; a pinch of dried hot red pepper flakes if desired; 2 tablespoons olive oil; a 14-ounce can artichoke hearts, rinsed, drained well, and sliced thin; 1 1/4 cups thinly sliced fennel bulb (sometimes called anise) or celery; 1/3 cup coarsely grated Parmesan (about 2 ounces); 1/4 cup finely chopped fresh parsley leaves (preferably flat-leafed) | INSTRUCTIONS: In a bowl whisk together well the lemon juice, the mustard, the garlic paste, the red pepper flakes, the oil, and salt and pepper to taste, stir in the artichoke hearts, the fennel, the Parmesan, and the parsley, and chill the salad, covered, for 20 minutes. In a bowl whisk together well the lemon juice, the mustard, the garlic paste, the red pepper flakes, the oil, and salt and pepper to taste, stir in the artichoke hearts, the fennel, the Parmesan, and the parsley, and chill the salad, covered, for 20 minutes. <END>
INPUT: summer, olive oil, garlic, onions, squash, Kosher salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Summer Squash and Green Rice | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons olive oil; 3 cloves garlic, minced; 3 green onions, diced; 2 yellow squash, sliced into half moons; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 1/2 cups long-grain brown rice; 3 1/2 cups low-sodium chicken broth; 3 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro; 3 tablespoons chopped fresh mint | INSTRUCTIONS: Add the olive oil to a large skillet over medium-high heat. Once hot, add the garlic, green onions and yellow squash. Cook until soft and beginning to brown, about 4 minutes. Season with salt and pepper and continue to saute until fragrant, 1 to 2 minutes. Stir in the rice. Add the broth, bring to a simmer and reduce the heat to medium-low. Cover with a lid and cook until the rice is tender and the liquid has been absorbed, about 35 minutes. Turn off the heat and let the rice sit for 10 minutes longer. Remove the lid and fluff the rice with a fork. Stir in the cilantro and mint. <END>
INPUT: maque, choux, butter, onion, celery, cored Granny Smith, sage
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cornbread-Stuffed Cornish Game Hens with Corn Maque Choux | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons butter; 1 cup chopped onion; 1/2 cup chopped celery; 1 1/2 cups diced peeled cored Granny Smith or Golden Delicious apples; 2 teaspoons chopped fresh sage; 1/2 teaspoon coarse kosher salt; 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 4 cups 1/2-inch cubes purchased cornbread or corn muffins (about 11 ounces); 1 large egg, beaten to blend; 1/2 cup (packed) coarsely grated sharp cheddar cheese (about 2 ounces); 6 tablespoons (about) fresh apple cider or fresh apple juice; 4 1 1/4- to 1 1/2-pound Cornish game hens, rinsed, patted dry; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh sage; 2 teaspoons coarse kosher salt; 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: For stuffing: Melt butter in heavy large skillet over medium-high heat. Add onion and celery; sauté until beginning to color, about 5 minutes. Add apples; sauté until beginning to soften, about 3 minutes. Mix in sage, 1/2 teaspoon salt, and 1/2 teaspoon pepper; transfer to large bowl. Let stand until almost cool, about 10 minutes. Mix cornbread into vegetables. Add egg and toss to blend. Mix in cheese, then enough apple cider by tablespoonfuls to form stuffing that is moist but not wet. Melt butter in heavy large skillet over medium-high heat. Add onion and celery; sauté until beginning to col <END>
INPUT: unsalted butter, assorted mushrooms, Kosher salt, leeks, thyme
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mushroom Brioche Stuffing | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 10 tablespoons unsalted butter, plus more for the baking dish; 1 1/2 pounds assorted mushrooms (such as oyster, shiitake and/or cremini), trimmed and sliced; Kosher salt; 3 leeks (white and light green parts), halved lengthwise, thinly sliced and rinsed; 1 tablespoon fresh thyme; 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh rosemary; 2 cups low-sodium chicken or vegetable broth; Freshly ground pepper; 2 large eggs; 1 cup heavy cream; 1/2 cup chopped mixed fresh herbs (such as parsley, tarragon and chives); 16 cups 1/2-inch stale brioche cubes (1 1/2 pounds) | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F; butter a shallow 3-quart baking dish. Melt 2 tablespoons butter in a large nonstick skillet over medium-high heat. Add the mushrooms, season with salt and cook, stirring occasionally, until tender and lightly browned, 8 to 10 minutes. Transfer the mushrooms to a plate and wipe out the skillet. Melt 6 tablespoons butter in the same skillet over medium heat. Add the leeks; cook, stirring occasionally, until tender, about 6 minutes. Add the mushrooms, thyme, rosemary, broth, 1 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of pepper. Bring to a simmer, then remove from the heat <END>
INPUT: spanish, pickling spice, kosher salt, pepper flakes, lemon juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spanish Octopus | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 (1- to 2-pound each) octopuses, cleaned; 1/2 cup pickling spice; 1/4 cup kosher salt, plus additional for seasoning; 1 tablespoon red pepper flakes; 3/4 cup fresh lemon juice (about 4 lemons) | INSTRUCTIONS: Cut tentacles from octopus heads (just below eyes) and discard heads. In 5-quart heavy pot, combine tentacles and enough water to cover by two inches. Add pickling spice, salt, pepper flakes, and 1/2 cup lemon juice, and bring to boil. Reduce heat and simmer, covered, until octopus is tender, about 40 minutes. Remove from heat, let rest 5 minutes, then drain. Refrigerate tentacles until chilled, then cut into 3-inch pieces. In large bowl, toss with remaining lemon juice and kosher salt to taste. Cut tentacles from octopus heads (just below eyes) and discard heads. In 5-quart heavy pot, combine <END>
INPUT: sauce, Medjool dates, gochujang, sesame oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Gochujang-Date Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 5 pitted Medjool dates; 1 cup gochujang (Korean hot pepper paste); 2 tablespoons toasted sesame oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Place 5 pitted Medjool dates in a small bowl; cover with boiling water and let sit until softened, about 10 minutes. Drain; transfer dates to a food processor. Add 1 cup gochujang (Korean hot pepper paste) and 2 tablespoons toasted sesame oil. Purée until smooth. Place 5 pitted Medjool dates in a small bowl; cover with boiling water and let sit until softened, about 10 minutes. Drain; transfer dates to a food processor. Add 1 cup gochujang (Korean hot pepper paste) and 2 tablespoons toasted sesame oil. Purée until smooth. <END>
INPUT: American, party, russet potatoes, Coarse salt, cream cheese, sour cream
OUTPUT: TITLE: Party Potatoes | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 3 pounds russet potatoes, peeled and cut into chunks; Coarse salt; 8 tablespoons (1 stick) unsalted butter, softened, cut into 8 pieces; 1 8-ounce package cream cheese, at room temperature; 1/2 cup sour cream, at room temperature; 2/3 cup milk, warmed, or as needed; Freshly ground black pepper; Paprika for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Place the potatoes in a large saucepan and add cold water to cover by at least 1 inch. Add a good pinch of salt and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat to medium, partially cover, and cook until the potatoes are very tender, 12 to 15 minutes. Drain the potatoes and return them to the pan over medium heat. Cook, shaking the pan and stirring so the potatoes don't stick, for 1 to 2 minutes, or until the potatoes are floury and have formed a film on the bottom of the pan. Remove from the heat and break up the potatoes with a handheld mixer on low speed. Gradually drop in 6 tablespoons of the butter a <END>
INPUT: Italian, fettuccine pasta, Asiago cheese, Parmesan, thyme leaves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Creamy Baked Fettuccine with Asiago and Thyme | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound fettuccine pasta; 2 cups grated Asiago cheese, plus 1/4 cup; 2 (8-ounce) containers creme fraiche; 1 cup grated Parmesan; 1 1/2 tablespoons fresh chopped thyme leaves; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil over high heat. Add the pasta and cook until tender but still firm to the bite, stirring occasionally, about 8 to 10 minutes. Drain pasta reserving 1 cup of the pasta cooking liquid. In a large bowl combine the 2 cups Aiago cheese, creme fraiche, Parmesan, thyme, salt, pepper, cooked pasta, and pasta cooking liquid. Gently toss until all the ingredients are combined and the pasta is coated. Place the pasta in a buttered baking dish and sprinkle with the remaining 1/4 cup asiago cheese. <END>
INPUT: American, sauce, dates, cumin powder, bourbon, garlic, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Date "Bourbon" BBQ Sauce | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup diced dried dates; 1/4 cup cumin powder; 1/4 cup bourbon, optional; 2 tablespoons minced garlic; 2 tablespoons sugar; 2 tablespoons seasoned rice wine vinegar; 1 teaspoon chile flakes; 1 teaspoon kosher salt; 2 diced dried guajillo peppers with seeds | INSTRUCTIONS: Put the dates, cumin, bourbon if using, garlic, sugar, rice wine vinegar, chile flakes, salt, guajillo peppers and 2 cups water in a medium pot, place over medium-high heat and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat to simmer and cook until the dates are soft, another 3 minutes. Remove from the heat and let cool to room temperature, about 10 minutes. Scrape the cooled mixture into a blender and blend on low speed until smooth, about 1 minute. Use immediately, or let the mixture cool completely and refrigerate. The mixture should be good for 1 to 2 weeks. <END>
INPUT: American, junkyard, brownie, cinnamon, baking powder, nutmeg
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fruitcake Junkyard Brownie with Spiced Orange Liqueur and White Chocolate | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup (2 sticks) unsalted butter, melted, plus more for greasing the pie tins 1/2 loaf fruitcake (about 1 pound); 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1/2 teaspoon baking powder; 1/4 teaspoon ground cloves; 1/4 teaspoon ground nutmeg; 1/4 teaspoon ground allspice; 1 teaspoon salt; 1 cup cocoa powder; 3 cups sugar; 4 large eggs; 1 tablespoon vanilla; 1 1/2 cups all-purpose flour; 2 cups white chocolate chips; 1/2 cup heavy cream; 2 tablespoons orange liqueur | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: six 4-inch mini pie tins (each 3/4-inch deep) and a stand mixer fitted with a paddle attachment For the fruitcake junkyard brownie: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Grease six 4-inch mini pie tins (each 3/4-inch deep) with butter and set on a rimmed baking sheet. Line a second baking sheet with parchment or a silicone baking mat. Cube the fruit cake and lay it out on the prepared baking sheet. Bake until dry and crispy, 10 to 15 minutes. Combine the flour, baking powder, cinnamon, cloves, nutmeg, allspice and salt in a medium bowl and set aside. Add the dried toasted fruit <END>
INPUT: sweet potatoes, virgin olive oil, honey, cinnamon, Salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Sweet Potatoes with Honey and Cinnamon | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 sweet potatoes, peeled and cut into 1-inch cubes; 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil, plus more for drizzling potatoes after cooked; 1/4 cup honey; 2 teaspoons ground cinnamon; Salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat oven to 375 degrees F. Lay the sweet potatoes out in a single layer on a roasting tray. Drizzle the oil, honey, cinnamon, salt and pepper over the potatoes. Roast for 25 to 30 minutes in oven or until tender. Take sweet potatoes out of the oven and transfer them to a serving platter. Drizzle with more extra-virgin olive oil. <END>
INPUT: chocolate, citrus, vegetable oil, powdered sugar, cornstarch, cocoa nibs, coarse kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cocoa Nib, Chocolate, and Citrus Dacquoise | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Nonstick vegetable oil spray; 1 cup powdered sugar; 1 tablespoon cornstarch; 3/4 cup cocoa nibs* (about 2 1/2 to 3 ounces), finely ground in spice mill or small coffee grinder; 1/2 teaspoon coarse kosher salt; 3/4 cup egg whites (about 6 large); 1/4 teaspoon cream of tartar; 1/4 cup sugar; Nonstick vegetable oil spray; 1/2 cup sugar, divided; 1/4 cup all purpose flour; 1/4 cup unsweetened cocoa powder; 1/4 teaspoon baking powder; 1/8 teaspoon baking soda; 1/8 teaspoon coarse kosher salt | INSTRUCTIONS: For Meringues: Preheat oven to 300°F. Line bottoms of two 9-inch-diameter cake pans with 1 1/2-inch-high sides with parchment paper; spray parchment with nonstick spray. Sift powdered sugar and cornstarch into medium bowl; whisk in ground cocoa nibs and 1/2 teaspoon coarse salt. Beat egg whites and cream of tartar in large bowl until thick and foamy. Adding 1 tablespoon sugar at a time, beat until stiff but not dry. Fold in cocoa nib mixture. Divide meringue between prepared pans, spreading evenly. Bake meringues 1 hour. Turn off heat. Keeping oven door closed, leave meringues in oven overnigh <END>
INPUT: tomatoes, olive oil, onion, mussels, Italian parsley, anchovy fillets
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mussels with Tomatoes, Wine, and Anise | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 tablespoons olive oil, divided; 1 1/2 cups chopped onion; 2 pounds mussels, scrubbed, debearded; 4 tablespoons chopped fresh Italian parsley, divided; 4 anchovy fillets, chopped; 3 garlic cloves, chopped; 6 tablespoons anise-flavored liqueur (such as Pernod, pastis, or ouzo); 1/2 cup canned tomato sauce; 1/4 cup dry white wine | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat 2 tablespoons oil in heavy large pot over medium-high heat. Add onion and sauté until tender, about 4 minutes. Add mussels, 2 tablespoons parsley, anchovies, and garlic, then liqueur; stir to blend. Boil 1 minute. Add tomato sauce and wine. Cover and cook until mussels open, about 6 minutes (discard any mussels that do not open). Season sauce to taste with salt and pepper. Divide mussels and sauce among 4 shallow bowls. Drizzle mussels with remaining 2 tablespoons oil and sprinkle with remaining 2 tablespoons parsley. Heat 2 tablespoons oil in heavy large pot over medium-high heat. Add on <END>
INPUT: benedict, egg yolks, lemon, Lobster roe, butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lobster Eggs Benedict | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 stick (4 ounces) butter, sliced; 4 egg yolks; 1 lemon, juiced; Lobster roe (orange immature lobster eggs, availability depends on the luck of the lobster); 1 tablespoon butter; 1 (1 1/2 pound) lobster, cooked and shelled (a good way to use leftovers from shore dinner!); 10 slices, about 1/2 pound, Canadian bacon; 5 English muffins, split; 10 eggs; Minced fresh parsley; Paprika | INSTRUCTIONS: Melt half of the butter in top of double boiler over hot, but not boiling, water. Add egg yolks while stirring. Add remaining butter and stir until melted, keeping heat low under double boiler. Crumble lobster roe as finely as possible and stir into sauce. Add lemon juice slowly. Set aside and keep warm. Sauce will thicken as rest of dish is prepared. In a skillet melt 1 tablespoon butter. Dice the cooked lobster meat and saute quickly in the melted butter to heat through. Remove to a bowl and keep warm. Brown the Canadian bacon in the same skillet and keep warm. Toast the split English muffin <END>
INPUT: Italian, alla, Salt, Italian plum tomatoes, penne, virgin olive oil, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Penne alla Vodka | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: Salt; One 35-ounce can Italian plum tomatoes (preferably San Marzano) with their liquid; 1 pound penne; 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 10 cloves garlic, peeled; Crushed hot red pepper; 1/4 cup vodka; 1/2 cup heavy cream; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter or olive oil for finishing the sauce, if you like; 2 to 3 tablespoons chopped fresh Italian parsley; 3/4 cup freshly grated Parmigiano-Reggiano, plus more for passing if you like | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring 6 quarts of salted water to a boil in an 8-quart pot over high heat. Pour the tomatoes and their liquid into the work bowl of a food processor. Using quick on/off pulses, process the tomatoes just until they are finely chopped. (Longer processing will aerate the tomatoes, turning them pink.) Stir the penne into the boiling water. Bring the water back to a boil, stirring frequently. Cook the pasta, semi-covered, stirring occasionally, until done, 8 to 10 minutes. Meanwhile, heat the olive oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Whack the garlic cloves with the side of a knife and add the <END>
INPUT: chips, kale leaves, Olive oil, Kosher salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Potato and Kale Chips with Lemon Mayonnaise | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 large kale leaves; Olive oil, for drizzling; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 (8-ounce) medium white potatoes, unpeeled; 1 (8-ounce) medium sweet potatoes, unpeeled; 1 cup mayonnaise; 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice (from 1/2 a large lemon); 1 teaspoon lemon zest (from 1/2 a large lemon); Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Chips: Put an oven rack in the center of the oven. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Remove the thick stem from the kale and discard. Cut the leaves into 2 to 3-inch pieces. Put them in a bowl and drizzle with olive oil. Toss well. Arrange the kale in a single layer on parchment paper-lined baking sheets. Bake for 10 to 12 minutes until crispy and slightly dark on the edges. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Using a mandoline slicer or a sharp knife, slice the white potatoes and the sweet potatoes into 1/8-inch thick slices. Put them in a bowl and drizzle w <END>
INPUT: sauce, olive oil, onion, garlic, oregano, Fresno chile
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tomato Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1 medium onion, chopped; 4 cloves garlic, minced; 1 teaspoon dried oregano; 1 Fresno chile, minced, or 1/2 teaspoon red pepper flakes; 1 (28-ounce) can whole tomatoes, such as San Marzano, with half of the juice strained out, and crushed with your fingers; 2 tablespoons tomato paste; Salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Add the olive oil to a large saucepan over high heat; decrease the heat to medium. Add the onion and cook for 1 minute, stirring often, until the onion begins to soften. Add the garlic, oregano, and chile, and stir to mix. Add the crushed tomatoes, tomato paste, a large pinch of salt, and a few cranks of pepper. Decrease the heat to medium-low and cook for about 8 to 10 minutes. Run the tomato sauce through a ricer, otherwise known as a food mill, break up the tomatoes with a few pulses of an immersion blender, or use as is. Taste and season with more salt and pepper, if needed. Add the olive  <END>
INPUT: Mexican, minute, succotash, tomatoes, Kosher salt pepper, sour cream, Zest juice lime, cumin
OUTPUT: TITLE: 25-Minute Grilled Pork Chops with Succotash | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2 medium yellow tomatoes, cut into 1/2-inch thick wedges (about 1 pound); Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1/2 cup sour cream; Zest and juice of 1 lime; 1/4 teaspoon cumin; 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil, plus more for oiling the grill grates; 4 bone-in pork chops, 1-inch thick (about 3 pounds); 4 ears yellow corn, shucked; 1 large red onion, sliced into 1/2-inch rounds (about 8 ounces); One 15-ounce can black-eyed peas, drained and rinsed; 1/2 cup roughly-chopped fresh parsley | INSTRUCTIONS: Prepare a grill or large grill pan for medium-high heat. Put the tomatoes into a large mixing bowl. Sprinkle with salt and pepper and let sit at room temperature while you prepare the rest of the ingredients. Put the sour cream, lime zest and juice, cumin and a pinch of salt and pepper in a small bowl and whisk to combine. Reserve. Lightly oil the grill grates. Brush the pork all over with 2 tablespoons of the oil and sprinkle liberally with salt and pepper. Arrange the pork on one side of the grill (leave room for grilling the vegetables) and cook until lightly charred on both sides and an in <END>
INPUT: Mexican, relish, bell peppers, coriander seeds, cumin seeds, walnuts, olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Red Pepper, Cilantro, Walnut, and Jalapeño Relish | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 pounds red bell peppers; 1 teaspoon coriander seeds; 1 teaspoon cumin seeds; 1/2 cup walnuts, lightly toasted; 1/3 cup olive oil; 3 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro; 2 tablespoons chopped seeded deveined red jalapeño chiles | INSTRUCTIONS: Char bell peppers over gas flame or in broiler until blackened on all sides. Enclose in paper bag. Let stand 10 minutes. Peel, seed, and slice peppers. Toast coriander and cumin seeds in small skillet over medium heat until aromatic, about 2 minutes. Cool; grind seeds finely in spice mill. Blend walnuts, oil, cilantro, chiles, bell peppers, and ground seeds in processor until just smooth. Season relish with salt and pepper. Chill up to 1 day. Char bell peppers over gas flame or in broiler until blackened on all sides. Enclose in paper bag. Let stand 10 minutes. Peel, seed, and slice peppers. T <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, strudel, Dill Sauce, Yukon gold potatoes, unsalted butter, olive oil, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Potato Strudel with Dill Sauce | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: Dill Sauce, recipe follows; 2 Yukon gold potatoes, cut into 1/4-inch cubes; 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, plus 1 tablespoon; 1 tablespoon olive oil, plus 1 tablespoon; 1 cup finely diced onion; 1 clove garlic, minced; 4 cups button mushrooms, diced; 2 cups shiitake mushrooms, stemmed and sliced; 2 tablespoons white vermouth; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh oregano leaves; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh thyme leaves; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh Italian parsley leaves; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1/2 cup soft chevre; 3 sheets phyllo dough | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: pastry brush Preheat oven to 400 dgrees F. In a large pot of salted water boil the potatoes until tender, about 5 minutes. Drain the potatoes and set aside in a large bowl. In a large skillet melt 1 tablespoon of butter with 1 tablespoon of olive oil over medium heat and saute the onion and garlic until soft. Add the button mushrooms and saute until lightly browned. Add this mixture to the bowl with the potatoes. Melt the remaining butter and oil in the same skillet and saute the shiitake mushrooms until golden, add to the potatoes. Pour the white vermouth into the hot skill <END>
INPUT: Italian, verdura, pasta sauce, garlic powder, oregano
OUTPUT: TITLE: Verdura Pizza | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: Cooking spray; 1 (13.8-ounce) package refrigerator pizza crust dough (recommended: Pillsbury); 1/2 cup pasta sauce; 1 teaspoon garlic powder; 1 1/2 teaspoons dried oregano; 2 teaspoons olive oil; 1 (5.5-ounce) package crumbled goat cheese; 1 1/2 cups baby spinach, washed; 1 (6-ounce) jar artichoke hearts, quartered in marinade, marinade reserved (recommended: Progresso); 3/4 cup roasted red bell peppers, cut into 1/2-inch strips; 2 tablespoons sliced ripe olives | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat oven to 450 degrees F. Lightly spray the backside of a baking sheet with cooking spray. Unroll the pizza dough onto the sheet pan. In a medium bowl, stir together pasta sauce, garlic powder, and oregano. Use a pastry brush to brush the top of the dough with olive oil. Spread the sauce over pizza dough leaving a 1/2-inch border. Top with goat cheese. Bake for 12 to 17 minutes. In a large bowl combine the spinach with 2 tablespoons reserved artichoke marinade, artichoke hearts, red bell pepper strips, and olives. Toss together. Remove pizza from the oven an <END>
INPUT: mashed, plain yogurt, onions, curry powder, potatoes, milk
OUTPUT: TITLE: Yogurt Mashed Potatoes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/4 cups plain yogurt; 4 green onions, sliced; 1/2 to 1 teaspoon curry powder; 2 pounds red potatoes, peeled, cut into eighths; 1/4 cup milk; Salt and Pepper; Chopped fresh parsley | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine yogurt, green onions and curry powder in bowl. Place potatoes in microwave-safe dish. Add milk. Cover tightly and cook on High until potatoes are tender but not mushy, about 12 minutes. Remove from microwave. Add yogurt mixture to potatoes and mash roughly. Season with salt and pepper. Garnish with parsley. Combine yogurt, green onions and curry powder in bowl. Place potatoes in microwave-safe dish. Add milk. Cover tightly and cook on High until potatoes are tender but not mushy, about 12 minutes. Remove from microwave. Add yogurt mixture to potatoes and mash roughly. Season with salt  <END>
INPUT: Italian, meatballs, turkey breast, pumpkin puree, sage, sugar, cinnamon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pumpkin Meatballs with Cinnamon-Sage Tomato Sauce | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/3 pounds 93 percent lean ground turkey breast; 1 cup canned 100 percent pumpkin puree; 1 1/2 tablespoons chopped fresh sage; 1 tablespoon brown sugar; 1 1/4 teaspoons ground cinnamon; 1 teaspoon salt; 1/2 teaspoon black pepper; 1/4 teaspoon ground nutmeg; 1/4 teaspoon ground ginger; 1/4 teaspoon garlic powder; 1 egg, slightly beaten; Cinnamon-Sage Tomato Sauce, recipe follows; Spaghetti Squash Pasta, recipe follows, for serving; 3 cups reduced-sodium chicken or vegetable broth; One 24-ounce jar of your favorite tomato or marinara sauce | INSTRUCTIONS: Using a fork, mix together the turkey, pumpkin puree, sage, sugar, cinnamon, salt, black pepper, nutmeg, ginger, garlic powder and egg in a large bowl. Refrigerate for at least 30 minutes to help firm. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper. Form the turkey mixture into evenly sized (approximately 1.5-inch) meatballs. You should end up with about 22 in total. Note: If they're fussy, you can smooth them into a rounded shape once they're on the baking sheet. Bake the meatballs for 15 minutes on one side. Carefully turn them over and bake for an additional 15  <END>
INPUT: American, shoofly, flour, light sugar, butter, egg, molasses
OUTPUT: TITLE: Shoofly Pie | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup flour; 3/4 cup light brown sugar; 1 teaspoon butter; 1 egg; 1 cup molasses; 1 cup boiling water; 1 teaspoons baking soda; 1 9-inch pie shell; Garnish: Whipped cream | INSTRUCTIONS: In a bowl combine flour and sugar. Cut in butter into the flour and sugar until mixture resembles crumbs. Remove 1/2 cup of the crumb mixture and set aside To larger part of crumb mixture add egg and molasses. Blend in 3/4 cup boiling water. Dissolve soda in remaining 1/4 cup water and add last. Pour into pie shell. Sprinkle with 1/4 cup reserved crumbs. Bake at 425 degrees for 15 minutes. Add remaining crumbs and bake 40-45 minutes. Garnish with whipped cream <END>
INPUT: American, turtle, water, Crisco® Pure Vegetable, egg, pecan halves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Turtle Brownie Cookies | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 (19.25 oz.) package Pillsbury® Family Size Chocolate Fudge Brownie Mix; 1/2 cup water; 1/4 cup Crisco® Pure Vegetable Oil; 1 large egg; 2 cups pecan halves, split lengthwise; FROSTING:; 22 vanilla caramels, unwrapped; 1 to 2 tbsps. water; 2 tsps. powdered sugar; COOKIES:; Crisco® Original No-Stick Cooking Spray; 1/2 cup Pillsbury BEST® All Purpose Flour | INSTRUCTIONS: HEAT oven to 350 degrees F. Spray cookie sheets with no-stick cooking spray. Combine flour, brownie mix, water, oil and egg in large bowl; blend well. Drop dough by teaspoonfuls 2 inches apart onto prepared cookie sheets. Arrange 5 pecan pieces under each to resemble head and legs of turtle. BAKE 8 to 12 minutes or until top of cookies appear almost set. Cool 1 minute; remove from cookie sheets. Cool 2 minutes or until completely cooled. COMBINE caramels and 1 tablespoon water in small saucepan; cook and stir over low heat until melted and smooth, adding enough additional water for desired dri <END>
INPUT: Italian, homemade dough tart, mozzarella cheese, basil, plum tomatoes, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fresh Tomato Tart | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 store-bought or homemade dough for tart shell; 8 to 10 ounces mozzarella cheese, shredded; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh basil, plus extra for garnish; 4 to 6 plum tomatoes, sliced 1/4-inch; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/4 teaspoon black pepper; 1/4 cup extra virgin olive oil; Basil, chopped for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven: 400 degrees F. Line loose bottom tart pan with dough rolled out 1/8-inch thick. Spread bottom of pastry with shredded cheese and sprinkle with basil. Cover with tomato slices, arranging to cover as evenly as possible. Sprinkle tomatoes with salt and pepper and drizzle with olive oil. Bake 20 to 30 minutes. Watch carefully. When crust is golden and cheese is bubbly, remove. Garnish with fresh basil. Slice in wedges and serve warm. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, hearty, spanish, olive oil, Kosher salt, pepper, chorizo sausage
OUTPUT: TITLE: Hearty Spanish Paella with Sherry, Chorizo and Shrimp | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 3 to 4 tablespoons olive oil; 2 boneless, skinless chicken breasts, cut into large chunks; Kosher salt; Freshly ground black pepper; 6 ounces chorizo sausage, cut into large chunks; 2 cloves garlic, peeled and chopped; 2 pinches paprika, or to taste; 3/4 cup Oloroso sherry, optional; 1 1/2 cups Arborio rice; Pinch saffron, optional; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 2 cups chicken stock, plus more if not using sherry; 1 large bunch scallions, trimmed and sliced; 12 ounces unpeeled medium shrimp; 1 cup frozen peas | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat 2 tablespoons oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Season the chicken with salt and pepper and cook until browned all over, adding more oil to the pan if necessary. Add the chorizo and cook for 1 minute. Add the garlic and paprika and cook for another 2 minutes. Take the pan off the heat and add half the sherry, if using. Return the pan to the heat and bring to a boil. Cook until the sherry has almost evaporated. Add the rice, saffron, butter and stock. Add a bit more stock if you did not use the sherry. Turn the heat down and simmer for 30 minutes, or until most of the liquid has bee <END>
INPUT: Asian, scallops, purple cauliflower, heavy cream, unsalted butter, olive oil, Fine sea salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sautéed Sea Scallops with Apple-Sesame Couscous and Purple and Yellow Cauliflower Purées | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1 head purple cauliflower, cut into 1-inch pieces; 1 cup heavy cream; 1 tablespoon unsalted butter; 1 cup olive oil; Fine sea salt; 1 head yellow cauliflower, cut into 1-inch pieces; 1 cup heavy cream; 1 tablespoon unsalted butter; 1 cup olive oil; Fine sea salt; 2 cups chicken stock or low-sodium chicken broth; 1 cup couscous; 1 green apple, peeled, cored, and diced; 1 tablespoon black sesame seeds, toasted; 1/2 cup fine sea salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Make the purple cauliflower purée: In a large saucepan over moderate heat, combine the purple cauliflower, cream, and butter and slowly bring to a simmer. Continue to simmer until the cauliflower is soft. Transfer the cauliflower to a food processor or blender, reserving the cooking liquid, and process, adding the cooking liquid as necessary, until completely smooth. Discard any leftover cooking liquid. With the food processor or blender on low, slowly drizzle in the oil, blending until smooth. Season with salt and keep warm. In a large saucepan over moderate heat, combine the purple cauliflow <END>
INPUT: navel orange, honey, oregano, sherry vinegar, Kosher salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Chicken with Orange Glaze | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 large navel orange, zested and juiced (1/2 cup); 2 tablespoons honey; 2 tablespoons fresh oregano, chopped; 2 tablespoons sherry vinegar; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1/2 cup canola oil; Roasted Asparagus with Orange Glaze, optional, recipe follows; 4 boneless skin-on chicken breasts; 2 tablespoons canola oil; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 large navel orange, zested and juiced (1/2 cup); 2 tablespoons honey; 2 tablespoons fresh oregano, chopped; 2 tablespoons sherry vinegar; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: For the orange citrus glaze: Whisk together the orange juice, orange zest, honey, oregano, sherry vinegar, 2 large pinches of salt and a pinch of pepper. Slowly incorporate the canola oil to create an emulsion. Yield: about 1 cup For the chicken: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with foil and set a rack over the sheet. Pat the chicken dry with a paper towel. Coat the chicken with the canola oil and generously sprinkle with salt and pepper. Place on the rack set over the baking sheet and roast in the oven until cooked through and the internal temperature is 165 degrees F,  <END>
INPUT: frosting, powdered sugar, milk, pure vanilla extract
OUTPUT: TITLE: Vanilla Frosting | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup (1 stick) butter, at room temperature; 3 cups powdered sugar; 1/4 cup whole milk, at room temperature; 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract | INSTRUCTIONS: In a medium bowl, using an electric hand mixer, beat the butter until light and smooth. Beat in the powdered sugar, milk and vanilla until smooth and creamy. <END>
INPUT: cocktail, premium vodka, seltzer, Triple Sec, pomegranate juice, lemons
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pomegranate Cocktail | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 ounces premium vodka (Blowfish Sushi uses Han Soju, an Asian spirit); 2 ounces seltzer; 4 ounces Triple Sec; 4 ounces pomegranate juice; 2 lemons, juiced; 1 pomegranate, seeded | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine vodka, seltzer, Triple Sec, pomegranate juice, and lemon juice in a cocktail shaker over ice; shake. Pour into a chilled cocktail glass; garnish with pomegranate seeds. Save leftover fruit for nibbling. Combine vodka, seltzer, Triple Sec, pomegranate juice, and lemon juice in a cocktail shaker over ice; shake. Pour into a chilled cocktail glass; garnish with pomegranate seeds. Save leftover fruit for nibbling. <END>
INPUT: canola oil, popcorn kernels, unsalted butter, Gorgonzola powder, kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Hickory and Gorgonzola Popcorn | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup canola oil; 2/3 cup popcorn kernels; 4 tablespoons unsalted butter; 2 tablespoons Gorgonzola powder (See Cook's Note); 1 1/2 teaspoons kosher salt; 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 1/8 teaspoon hickory smoke powder (See Cook's Note) | INSTRUCTIONS: Put the oil and 3 popcorn kernels in a 6-quart saucepan. Cover and cook over medium-high heat until the kernels pop. Add the remaining kernels, cover, and remove from the heat for 30 seconds. Return the pan to the heat; within a minute you should hear the kernels start to pop. Cook, gently shaking the pan occasionally, until the popping sound slows down, about 2 minutes. Towards the end of popping, lift up the lid slightly to let out the steam to help keep the popcorn crisp. Wait 5 seconds and pour the popcorn into a large paper bag. Melt the butter in the popcorn saucepan and drizzle it over  <END>
INPUT: puffs, Oil, refrigerator biscuits, Monterey jack cheese, onions, mayonnaise
OUTPUT: TITLE: Shrimp Puffs | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Oil spray; 1 large can refrigerator biscuits; 2 cups Monterey jack cheese, shredded; 2 green onions, chopped; 1 cup mayonnaise; 1 pound small shrimp, cooked; 1 teaspoon fresh dill, chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat oven to 350 degrees F. Spray miniature muffin tin with oil spray. Split each biscuit in half and place in muffin tin, pressing into the bottom. Mix next 5 ingredients together in medium bowl and place 1 tablespoon of shrimp mixture in biscuit dough. Bake for 15 minutes or until golden and bubbling. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, pork, shoulder, anchovy fillets, garlic, Italian parsley, lemon juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pork Shoulder with Salsa Verde | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 3 anchovy fillets; 1 garlic clove, peeled; 3/4 cup chopped fresh Italian parsley; 1/3 cup (lightly packed) chopped fresh celery leaves; 1 1/2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 1 tablespoon finely grated lemon peel; 1 tablespoon red wine vinegar; 1 1/2 teaspoons chopped fresh rosemary; 1 1/2 teaspoons chopped fresh sage; 1/2 cup olive oil; 6 garlic cloves, minced; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh sage; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh rosemary; 1 tablespoon coarse kosher salt; 2 teaspoons freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: For salsa verde: With processor running, drop anchovies and garlic through feed tube and finely chop. Scrape down sides of bowl. Add parsley, celery leaves, lemon juice, lemon peel, red wine vinegar, chopped rosemary, and chopped sage. Using on/off turns, process until almost smooth. With machine running, gradually add olive oil. Transfer salsa verde to bowl. Season with salt and pepper. DO AHEAD: Can be made 1 day ahead. Cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate. With processor running, drop anchovies and garlic through feed tube and finely chop. Scrape down sides of bowl. Add parsley, celery l <END>
INPUT: herbed, paillards, oil sundried tomatoes, sage, parsley leaves, Cajun spice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Herbed Pork Paillards with Sundried Tomato Butter and Asparagus | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 stick (1/2 cup) unsalted butter, softened; 2 tablespoons drained and finely chopped oil-packed sundried tomatoes; 1 teaspoon minced fresh sage; 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh parsley leaves; Pinch Cajun spice; Pinch salt; 1 (2-pound) boneless pork loin; 1/2 cup all-purpose flour; Salt and pepper; 1/4 cup grapeseed oil; 1 teaspoon minced fresh thyme; 1 teaspoon minced fresh parsley; Salt and pepper; 1 bunch asparagus; 1 teaspoon minced fresh parsley, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: For the compound butter: In a bowl, combine the softened butter with the sundried tomatoes, sage, parsley, Cajun spice, and salt. Whisk together until well blended. Transfer the mixture to a piece of parchment paper and roll into a cigar shape about 1 1/2 inches thick. Refrigerate until ready to use. For the pork: Slice the loin into 3/4-inch thick slices, and then one by one, cover with plastic wrap and pound with a meat mallet until each slice is flat and even (about a 1/4-inch thick). Season the flour with salt and pepper, and then dredge the pork in the seasoned flour. Heat the oil in a he <END>
INPUT: Mexican, gazpacho, soup, plum tomatoes, seedless regular cucumbers, chipotle peppers adobo, garlic, cilantro leaves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spicy Shrimp and Baby Clam Gazpacho Soup | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2 pounds ripe plum tomatoes, peeled, seeded and diced with juices reserved; 3 seedless or 6 regular cucumbers, peeled, seeded and diced; 1 small can chipotle peppers in adobo sauce; 2 to 3 tablespoons minced garlic; 1/2 cup packed cilantro leaves; 1 red onion, finely diced; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 to 3 tablespoons olive oil; 1/2 pound small shrimp, peeled and deveined; 1 dozen baby clams, scrubbed clean; Soy sauce; Scallions, thinly sliced for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: In a food processor combine 1/2 of the tomatoes, cucumbers, chipotle pepper and adobo sauce, to taste, and 1/2 of the garlic, and puree until smooth. Reserve the remaining chipotle peppers and adobo sauce for another use. Transfer the pureed tomato mixture to a large bowl. Finely chiffonade the cilantro and stir into tomato mixture. Add the red onion, salt and freshly ground black pepper. Cover bowl and refrigerate until chilled. In a large skillet heat olive oil over moderately high heat. Add the shrimp and saute for 1 minute. Add the remaining garlic, stir to combine and cook for another min <END>
INPUT: American, neely, mode, unsalted butter, light sugar, Granny Smith apples, Gala apples, maple syrup
OUTPUT: TITLE: Neely's Fried Apple Pie A La Mode | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 4 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1/4 cup light brown sugar; 2 Granny Smith apples, peeled, cored and chopped; 2 Gala apples, peeled, cored and chopped; 1 tablespoon maple syrup; 1/2 lemon, juiced; 2 tablespoons ground cinnamon, divided; 1/4 teaspoon ground ginger; 1/8 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg; 1 box ready-made pie crusts (recommended: Pillsbury); Peanut oil, for frying; 1/2 cup granulated sugar; 1 tablespoon ground cinnamon; Vanilla ice cream, for topping | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. To a large saute pan over medium heat, melt the butter. Stir in the brown sugar, and the apples and saute until they are tender, about 5 to 6 minutes. Drizzle in the maple syrup, lemon juice, cinnamon, ginger, and nutmeg. Continue cooking for 5 minutes more until the apples are completely softened. Remove them from the pan and allow them to cool while you prepare the dough. Roll out both pieces of pie dough onto a floured surface. Cut out eight 6-inch circles and lay them out onto a parchment-lined sheet tray. Put a heaping tablespoon of the apple pie filling int <END>
INPUT: monday, night, olive oil, turkey andouille other, onion, bell pepper, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Monday-Night Red Beans and Rice | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon olive oil; 1/2 pound turkey andouille or other smoked turkey sausage, coarsely chopped; 1 medium onion, finely chopped; 1 medium green bell pepper, finely chopped; 1 clove garlic, finely chopped; Two 15 1/2-ounce cans red kidney beans, drained and rinsed; 1/2 cup low-sodium chicken broth; 1/2 teaspoon ground cumin; 1/2 teaspoon dried thyme; 1 bay leaf; Freshly ground black pepper, to taste; 3 cups cooked white rice; Chopped scallions, for serving | INSTRUCTIONS: In a medium pot, heat the oil over medium-high heat. Add the sausage, onion and bell pepper and cook, stirring frequently, until the vegetables are softened, 3 to 5 minutes. Add the garlic and cook for 30 seconds. Add the beans, chicken broth, cumin, thyme, bay leaf, and pepper to taste and bring to a boil. Cover, reduce the heat to medium low and simmer for 10 minutes. Serve the beans over the rice and top with the scallions. Photograph by Kat Teutsch <END>
INPUT: American, buffalo, peas, peppers, onion, tomato, coriander, orange juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Buffalo Fillet with Honey Roasted Vidalias Stuffed with Sugar Snap Peas, Enoki Mushrooms and Carrots | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 yellow peppers, seeded and minced; 1/2 red onion minced; 1 yellow tomato, seeded and minced; 1/2 teaspoon coriander, minced; 1/2 teaspoon orange juice; 1/2 teaspoon honey; Salt and pepper to taste; 1 red pepper, seeded and chopped; 1/4 onion, chopped; 1 chipotle in adobo sauce; 1 teaspoon cider vinegar; 4 (10-ounce fillets); 4 large vidalias, peeled and cored; 3/4 pounds sugar snaps, clipped; 2 pounds enoki mushrooms, broken apart | INSTRUCTIONS: In a bowl combine all salsa ingredients, stir to combine and allow to sit for 1/2 hour. In a blender puree all sauce ingredients, until smooth. Adjust seasoning and reserve. Season fillet with salt and pepper. Rub onion with honey, oil and salt and pepper. Place in pan and cover 35 minutes at 350 degrees or until soft. Remove center of onion and chop. Add to spinach. Blanch sugar snaps and carrots. Roast fillet at 550 degrees for 10 minutes. Place mushrooms, sugar snaps, carrots and a little spinach in onion. Garnish plate in 2 quarters with spinach. Garnish other 2 quarters with yellow pepper <END>
INPUT: russet, clarified butter, flat leaf parsley
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sauteed Potatoes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 pound russet (baking) potatoes, peeled and cut into 1-inch cubes; 6 tablespoons clarified butter; 3 tablespoons chopped fresh flat-leaf parsley | INSTRUCTIONS: Cover potatoes with salted cold water by 1 inch in a 4-quart saucepan and parboil gently, uncovered, 4 minutes. Drain well in a colander and let stand until dry, about 5 minutes. Preheat oven to 350°F. Heat 3 tablespoons clarified butter in a 12-inch heavy skillet over moderately high heat until hot but not smoking, then sauté half of potatoes, shaking skillet and turning potatoes occasionally, until golden brown on all sides, 4 to 6 minutes. Season with salt and pepper. Reduce heat to moderately low and cook potatoes, turning them, until tender, about 5 minutes more. Transfer to a baking shee <END>
INPUT: French, sauce, eye round beef, salt, thyme, basil, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roast Beef with Dijon-Caper Sauce | CUISINE: French | INGREDIENTS: 1 3-pound eye of round beef roast, trimmed of excess fat and sinew; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1 teaspoon dried thyme; 1 teaspoon dried basil; 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground pepper; 1 tablespoon butter; 1 tablespoon all purpose flour; 2 cups low-salt beef broth; 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard; 2 tablespoons drained capers | INSTRUCTIONS: For roast beef: Sprinkle beef with 1/2 teaspoon salt; let stand 1 hour. Preheat oven to 350°F. Mix thyme, basil, and 1/2 teaspoon pepper in small bowl. Heat oil in large oven-proof skillet over medium-high heat. Add beef; cook until browned on all sides, turning occasionally, about 10 minutes. Sprinkle with herb mixture. Transfer skillet to oven. Roast until instant-read thermometer inserted into center of meat registers 130°F, about 40 minutes. Transfer to cutting board; let rest. Sprinkle beef with 1/2 teaspoon salt; let stand 1 hour. Preheat oven to 350°F. Mix thyme, basil, and 1/2 teaspoon <END>
INPUT: curls, mini sponge cakes, espresso coffee, pumpkin pie filling, chocolate bar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Espresso Cakes with Pumpkin Filling and White Chocolate Curls | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 mini sponge cakes; 4 tablespoons prepared espresso or coffee; 1 1/3 cups pumpkin pie filling from can or from leftover pumpkin pie; White chocolate bar | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Arrange sponge cakes on a serving plate. Spoon 1 tablespoon espresso into each cake, allowing it to absorb coffee. Spoon 1/3 cup pumpkin filling into each cake. Using a vegetable peeler, peel white chocolate into curls. Sprinkle curls over pumpkin and serve. <END>
INPUT: Italian, bell pepper, olive oil, garlic, ricotta cheese, Parmesan
OUTPUT: TITLE: Crepes with Ricotta and Tomato Sauce | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 small green bell pepper, minced; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1 garlic clove, minced; 1/2 pound ricotta cheese; 1/4 cup freshly grated Parmesan; Melted butter for brushing crepes; 6 crepes; 1 cup tomato sauce | INSTRUCTIONS: In a skillet cook the bell pepper in the oil over moderately low heat, stirring, until it is softened, add the garlic, and cook the mixture, stirring for 1 minute. In a bowl stir together the bell pepper mixture, ricotta and 2 tablespoons of the Parmesan with salt and pepper to taste. Let the filling cool. Spread about 2 tablespoons of the filling on each crepe and roll them up jelly-roll fashion. Arrange the crepes, seam sides down, in a buttered shallow baking dish just large enough to hold them in one layer, brush them lightly with butter, and sprinkle them with the remaining Parmesan. Bake <END>
INPUT: herbed, cornmeal, thyme, lemon peel, salt, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Catfish with Herbed Lemon Cream | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup yellow cornmeal; 2 teaspoons chopped fresh thyme; 1 teaspoon grated lemon peel; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/2 teaspoon ground black pepper; 1 tablespoon vegetable oil; 2 6-ounce catfish fillets; 6 tablespoons whipping cream; 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine cornmeal, thyme, lemon peel, 1/2 teaspoon salt, and 1/2 teaspoon ground black pepper in bowl. Reserve 1 teaspoon seasoning mixture. Heat oil in heavy large nonstick skillet over medium-high heat. Brush fish on both sides with 1 tablespoon cream; coat on both sides with seasoning mixture in bowl. Add to skillet and cook until golden brown and cooked through, about 3 minutes per side. Transfer fish to 2 plates. Stir lemon juice into same skillet, scraping up browned bits. Stir in reserved 1 teaspoon seasoning mixture. Whisk in remaining 5 tablespoons cream. Boil until slightly thickened, <END>
INPUT: Indian, salad, chickpeas, canola oil, kosher salt, turmeric, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Turmeric Roasted Chickpea and Lentil Salad | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: One 15.5-ounce can chickpeas, rinsed and drained; 1 teaspoon canola oil; 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt; 1/2 teaspoon turmeric; 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 1/4 teaspoon ground cumin; 2 cups low-sodium chicken stock; 1/2 pound dried brown lentils; 1 small yellow onion, halved; 1 clove garlic, smashed; 1 small bay leaf; 1 lemon, halved; 1/4 cup chopped roasted red bell peppers; 2 tablespoons chopped flat leaf parsley | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat an oven to 375 degrees F. Combine the chickpeas with the oil, salt, turmeric, pepper and cumin in a bowl and toss to coat well. Transfer to a cast-iron skillet and spread evenly across the pan. Bake the chickpeas until golden brown, about 45 minutes. Meanwhile, bring the chicken stock to boil saucepan over high heat. Add the lentils, onion, garlic, bay leaf and half lemon. Cook until the lentils are tender, about 18 to 20 minutes; drain. Be sure to discard the lemon, onion, garlic and bay leaf. Combine the chickpeas, lentils, roasted red bell pepper, and parsley in a medium bowl. Juice <END>
INPUT: burgers, lamb, garlic, nonpareil capers, flat leaf parsley, lemon zest
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mini Lamb Burgers with Cucumber Yogurt Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 pounds ground lamb; 1 teaspoon minced garlic; 1/2 tablespoon nonpareil capers; 1 tablespoon chopped flat leaf parsley; 1 teaspoon grated lemon zest; 2 teaspoons mustard; 1 teaspoons kosher salt; 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 8 mini buns; 2 Roma tomatoes, sliced; Cucumber Yogurt Sauce, recipe follows; 1 English cucumber; 1/2 tablespoon kosher salt; 2 cups yogurt, preferably thick, Greek yogurt; 2 sprigs fresh dill, chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat a double-burner grill pan over medium-high heat. In a large mixing bowl, combine ground lamb, garlic, capers, parsley, zest, mustard, salt and pepper. Form mixture into 2 similar sized mounds in the bowl. Divide mixture in half, then half again. Form gently into 8 small patties. Oil the grill pan with oiled paper towel held in tongs. Brown the burgers on the hot side of the grill for about 2 minutes on each side. Turn heat down to medium and cook another 2 minutes for medium-rare, 3 to 4 minutes for medium. Slice 8 mini buns in half and toast on grill or in broiler for about 30 to 60 seco <END>
INPUT: puree, low sodium chicken, fava beans, mint leaves, Salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Red Snapper with Fava Bean Puree | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 cups low-sodium chicken stock; 3 pound fresh fava beans, shelled or 1 pound frozen lima beans, thawed; 3 tablespoons chopped fresh mint leaves; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 4 (6-ounce) center-cut red snapper fillets; Olive oil, for frying | INSTRUCTIONS: In a medium saucepan, bring the stock to a boil over medium-high heat. Add the beans. Reduce the heat to low, and simmer until the beans are tender, about 5 to 8 minutes. Drain the beans and reserve 1 cup of stock. Place the drained beans and reserved stock in a blender or food processor. Add the mint and blend until smooth. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. In a large skillet, heat enough oil to fill the pan 1/4-inch deep, over medium-high heat. Season the fish with salt and pepper on both sides. Cook for 3 to 4 minutes each side until brown and the center is just opaque. Divide the fava <END>
INPUT: melon, fettuccini, cantaloupes, salt, mint
OUTPUT: TITLE: Melon Fettuccini with Sweet Wine and Fresh Mint | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 ripe cantaloupes; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 1 (375 ml) bottle muscato wine (or other dessert wine), chilled; 1 small bunch fresh mint, leaves picked and chopped fine | INSTRUCTIONS: Peel and seed the cantaloupe. Using a mandoline with wide julienne blade, gently shave the melon into batons into 4 bowls or plates. (Do not try to arrange the melon batons on the plate, they are fragile.) Sprinkle each plate of melon with pinch of salt. Pour the chilled wine over top. Sprinkle with mint and serve immediately or chill in refrigerator until ready to serve. <END>
INPUT: boiling potatoes, peas pods baby, sugar snap peas, olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sauteed Peas and Small Potatoes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 pounds small boiling potatoes (preferably red); 3/4 pound fresh peas in pods or 1 cup frozen baby peas; 1/2 pound sugar snap peas; 1 1/2 tablespoons olive oil | INSTRUCTIONS: In a 4-quart saucepan cover potatoes with salted cold water by 1 inch and simmer 10 minutes, or until potatoes are tender when pierced with a sharp knife. Drain potatoes in a colander. Potatoes may be cooked 1 day ahead and cooled before being chilled in a sealable plastic bag. Bring potatoes to room temperature before proceeding. Shell peas if using fresh and trim sugar snap peas. In a large skillet heat oil over moderately high heat until hot but not smoking and sauté all vegetables, stirring frequently, until sugar snaps are crisp-tender and potatoes are heated through, about 4 minutes. Sea <END>
INPUT: soup, flour, unsalted butter, chicken broth, light sugar, sweet potatoes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sweet Potato Soup | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon flour; 1 tablespoon unsalted butter; 1 1/2 cups chicken broth (or vegetable broth, if desired); 1 tablespoon light brown sugar; 1 1/2 cups cooked sweet potatoes; 1/4 teaspoon ground ginger; 1/8 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1/8 teaspoon ground nutmeg; 1 cup milk; Salt | INSTRUCTIONS: In a heavy saucepot, over medium-low heat, cook the flour and butter, stirring constantly until roux achieves a light caramel color. Add the broth and brown sugar, bring to a boil, then lower to a simmer. Stir in the sweet potatoes and spices, bring to a simmer again, and cook for 5 minutes more. In a blender, puree the soup in batches and return to saucepot. Add the milk, and reheat soup. Season with salt and pepper, ladle into warm soup bowls and serve. <END>
INPUT: American, autumn, layered, pecan halves, apple cider vinegar, Dijon mustard, honey, Kosher salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Autumn Layered Salad with Butternut Squash and Quinoa | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup pecan halves; 1/3 cup plus 3 tablespoons apple cider vinegar; 1 1/2 teaspoons Dijon mustard; 1 teaspoon honey; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1/3 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 1 pound peeled butternut squash chunks (about 3 cups); 1/2 cup red quinoa, rinsed well; 1 bunch collard greens, stems removed and leaves cut into thin ribbons (about 8 cups); 4 ounces fresh goat cheese, crumbled; 1/2 cup fresh parsley leaves, roughly chopped; 6 pickled sweet piquante peppers, such as Peppadews, finely chopped; 1 large crisp apple, chopped; 1/3 pound deli-sliced honey-baked ham, cut into bite-size pieces; 2 cups sweet potato chips, slightly crushed | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: A straight-sided 3-quart tall glass bowl or four 16-ounce wide-mouth glass jars with lids Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Spread the pecans out on a rimmed baking sheet, and roast until golden, 8 to 10 minutes. Let cool, and roughly chop. Turn the oven up to 425 degrees F. Transfer the pecans to a medium bowl. Add 1/3 cup of the vinegar, the mustard, honey, 1/2 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of black pepper, and whisk to combine. Slowly drizzle in the oil, whisking constantly, until blended into a vinaigrette. Spread the squash out on a rimmed baking sheet, drizzle with 2 <END>
INPUT: chicken drumettes, Cajun pepper, chipotle pepper sauce, Honey
OUTPUT: TITLE: Hot Wings | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 10 to 12 chicken drumettes; 1 tablespoon Cajun pepper, plus more for seasoning wings; 1 bottle chipotle pepper sauce; Honey | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat a grill to medium-high. Season the wings with Cajun pepper. In a medium bowl, combine the chipotle pepper sauce with 1 tablespoon Cajun pepper, and honey, to taste. Place the wings on the grill and as you cook them, turn them and brush each time with the pepper sauce mixture. Make sure the wings cook long enough on each side so they get crispy around the edges. Remove the wings from the grill and brush again with the pepper sauce mixture before serving. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, tacos, vegetable oil, poblano chile, onion, crimini, cumin
OUTPUT: TITLE: Poblano and Mushroom Tacos | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, divided; 1 fresh poblano chile, halved, seeded, thinly sliced into long strips; 1/2 small red onion, sliced; 3 ounces crimini (baby bella) mushrooms, thinly sliced (about 1 1/4 cups); 1 teaspoon ground cumin; 4 corn tortillas; 4 thin slices Monterey Jack cheese; Chopped fresh cilantro; Crumbled feta or Cotija cheese; Assorted toppings (such as shredded lettuce, diced tomatoes, and hot sauce or salsa) | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat 1 tablespoon vegetable oil in large nonstick skillet over medium-high heat. Add poblano chile, red onion, and mushrooms; sauté mixture until brown, about 5 minutes. Mix in ground cumin. Season to taste with salt. Transfer mixture to medium bowl. Heat remaining 1 tablespoon vegetable oil in same skillet over medium-high heat. Add tortillas in single layer, draping up sides of skillet to fit. Divide mushroom mixture among tortillas, mounding on only 1 side. Place slice of Monterey Jack cheese atop filling in each tortilla. Fold plain tortilla halves over filling and press firmly. Cook until <END>
INPUT: Italian, virgin olive oil, Salt pepper, Crab shrimp Pasta, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Baked Lobster | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 (1 1/2-pound) Maine lobster; 1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; Crab and shrimp Pasta, recipe follows; 1 medium onion, chopped; 1 teaspoon Cajun seasoning; 1 teaspoon chopped garlic; 1 tablespoon chopped shallots; 1 tablespoon oil; 1 pound fresh or canned tomatoes; 1/2 pound extra-wide pasta noodles (1/2 to 1-inch wide; 1/4 pound shrimp, peeled and deveined; 2 ounces fresh or pasteurized crabmeat; 5 tablespoons butter; 1 tablespoon fresh oregano, leaves chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. Bring a deep pot of water to a boil. Plunge the lobster into the boiling water, head first, and cook for 3 minutes. Remove from the water and place in an ice bath to stop the cooking. Carefully halve the lobster lengthwise. Score the claws with a sharp knife, then the knuckle, to expose the meat. Discard the innards, if desired. Lay the lobster on a sheet pan, with the meat facing up and season it with the oil, and salt and freshly ground black pepper, to taste. Bake in the oven for 15 minutes or until the meat is cooked through. Place the Crab and Shrimp Pasta i <END>
INPUT: buttercream, egg whites at, salt, dark sugar, water, lemon juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Brown Sugar Buttercream | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 large egg whites at room temperature; 3/4 teaspoon salt; 1 cup packed dark brown sugar; 1/2 cup water; 1/2 teaspoon fresh lemon juice; 3 sticks (1 1/2 cups) unsalted butter, cut into pieces and softened; 2 teaspoons vanilla; Special equipment: a candy thermometer | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine egg whites and salt in a large bowl. Stir together brown sugar and water in a small heavy saucepan and bring to a boil over moderately high heat, washing down side of pan with a pastry brush dipped in water. When sugar syrup reaches boil, start beating whites with an electric mixer at medium-high speed until frothy, then add lemon juice and beat at medium speed until whites just hold soft peaks. (Do not beat again until sugar syrup is ready.) Meanwhile, put candy thermometer into sugar syrup and continue boiling until syrup reaches 238–242°F. Immediately remove from heat and pour into  <END>
INPUT: soup, onion, butter, chicken broth, thyme
OUTPUT: TITLE: Creamy Roasted Beet Soup | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound (about 3) beets, roasted, peeled and sliced; 1 cup minced onion; 3 tablespoons butter; 4 cups chicken broth; 1 fresh thyme or 1/2 teaspoon dried; 1 bay leaf; Salt and pepper; 1/2 cup heavy cream; 2 to 3 tablespoons red wine vinegar; Lightly whipped cream and dill sprigs for garnish (optional) | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large saucepan set over moderate heat cook beets and onion in butter, stirring occasionally, for 5 minutes. Add broth, thyme, bay leaf and salt and pepper to taste and simmer soup, covered, for 15 minutes. Discard bay leaf. Transfer to a food processor or blender and puree, in batches if necessary, until smooth. Return soup to saucepan, stir in cream and vinegar and bring soup to a simmer, stirring, until heated through. Garnish each serving with cream and dill, if desired.; <END>
INPUT: Italian, spritzer, watermelon cubes, basil leaves, lemon lime soda, wine
OUTPUT: TITLE: Watermelon Basil Spritzer | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup small watermelon cubes; 6 fresh basil leaves, cut into chiffonade; 6 ounces chilled lemon-lime soda, such as Sprite; 10 ounces chilled dry white wine | INSTRUCTIONS: Divide the watermelon cubes and basil between 2 white wine glasses, then add the lemon lime soda. Add the wine and stir. <END>
INPUT: Wild rice, Bacon, Butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Wild Rice Stuffing with Grapes and Hazelnuts | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cans (28 fl. oz. total) Chicken broth, low sodium; 1 cup Wild rice; 4 slices Bacon, diced 1/4"; 1 Tbsp. Butter, unsalted; 1 medium(1 1/2 cups chopped) Onion, diced 1/4"; 2 stalks (3/4 cup chopped) Celery, diced 1/4"; 1 1/2 cups Button mushrooms, sliced; 2 cloves Garlic, fresh, minced; 1 tsp. Thyme, fresh, minced; 1/4 tsp. Salt; 1/4 tsp. Black pepper, ground; 2 Tbsp. parsley, fresh chopped; 1 cup Hazelnuts, toasted and coarsely chopped; 1 1/2 cups California red or green grapes, picked from stem and rinsed | INSTRUCTIONS: In heavy saucepan, bring chicken broth to a boil. Add wild rice and stir. Cover pan, and reduce heat to low. Let simmer for one hour, until rice is tender and has "popped" open. Meanwhile, cook bacon in fry pan over medium until almost crisp, about 8-10 minutes. Add butter to bacon pan, add onions, celery, mushrooms, garlic, thyme and salt and pepper. Cook over medium heat for 5-7 minutes, until onions are translucent. Remove from heat and fold in parsley, hazelnuts and grapes. Add rice with any remaining liquid in pan, to vegetable mixture and toss well. Stuffing may be used to fill turkey, g <END>
INPUT: salad, oranges, raspberry vinegar, Dijon style mustard, creme de cassis, lemon juice, vegetable oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Duck Salad with Raspberries, Oranges, Arugula, and Cracklings | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/3 cup raspberry vinegar; 2 teaspoons Dijon-style mustard; 2 tablespoons creme de cassis; 3 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 3/4 cup vegetable oil; 1 whole confit of duck, the neck end and the neck and giblets reserved for another use; 1 navel orange, peel and pith cut away with a serrated knife, the fruit sliced thin crosswise and halved; 1 pint raspberries; 2 bunches of arugula, tough stems discarded, rinsed, and spun dry; 3/4 cup finely chopped scallion | INSTRUCTIONS: In a bowl whisk together the vinegar, the mustard, the creme de cassis, the lemon juice, and salt and pepper to taste. Add the oil in stream, whisking, and whisk the dressing until it is emulsified. Remove skin from the duck. Scrape off any fat from the duck skin and bake the skin in one layer in a jelly-roll pan in a preheated 350 degree oven for 10 to 15 minutes, or until it is crisp. Transfer the cracklings to paper towels to drain, sprinkle them with salt to taste, and crumble them. Remove duck meat from the bones and chop. On a large platter arrange the orange slices, the raspberries, and <END>
INPUT: Italian, mango, ravioli, aji panca paste, soy sauce, mirin, ginger, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Escolar Fish with Mango and Shrimp Ravioli | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup aji panca paste; 1/4 cup soy sauce; 1/4 cup mirin (Japanese sweet rice wine); 1/4 cup minced fresh ginger; 4 garlic cloves, minced; 4 (6-oz) steaks escolar or swordfish, each steak quartered; 1 1/2 quarts water; 2 teaspoons salt, plus more to season after boiling; 1 onion, quartered; 1 inch fresh ginger, sliced into thick coins; 16 large shrimp, in shells; 1 cup passion fruit juice; 2 fresh rocoto chile peppers, seeded and sliced; 1/4 cup minced fresh ginger; 5 tablespoons sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: Marinate fish: Whisk together aji panca paste, soy sauce, mirin, ginger, and garlic in a medium bowl. Add pieces of fish and toss to coat. Cover and refrigerate 2 hours. Whisk together aji panca paste, soy sauce, mirin, ginger, and garlic in a medium bowl. Add pieces of fish and toss to coat. Cover and refrigerate 2 hours. Make shrimp: Combine water, salt, onion, and ginger in a small saucepan. Bring to a boil, reduce heat, and simmer 20 minutes to make a quick broth. Add shrimp and boil 1 minute, then drain immediately. When shrimp are cool enough to handle, remove shells. Season shrimp with  <END>
INPUT: American, cheese, smashed, potatoes, broccoli, milk, butter, sharp Cheddar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Broccoli and Cheese Smashed Potatoes | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 pounds small potatoes (recommended: Yukon gold); 1 small head broccoli; 1 cup whole milk; 2 tablespoons butter; 1 1/2 cups shredded sharp Cheddar; Salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Halve the potatoes and add to a large pot. Cover with water and bring to a boil over high heat. Reduce the heat to medium-low and cook the potatoes for 10 minutes while you trim and chop broccoli into 1/2-inch dice. Add the broccoli to the potatoes and cook for 5 minutes more. Drain and return to the hot pot to dry. Stir in the milk, butter and cheese and mash until the cheese melts into potatoes and broccoli. Season with salt and pepper, to taste, and transfer to a serving bowl, to serve. <END>
INPUT: Bermuda onion, garlic, veal shoulder, all purpose flour
OUTPUT: TITLE: Veal and Mushrooms | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 pound (1 stick) unsalted butter; 1 large Bermuda onion, chopped (about 2 cups chopped); 2 tablespoons chopped garlic; 2 pounds boneless veal shoulder, cut into 1-inch cubes; 1 cup all-purpose flour; 1 quart sliced mushrooms; 1/4 cup chopped fresh parsley leaves; 3 cups crushed plum tomatoes (recommended: San Marzano); 1 pint chicken stock or broth; Salt; Black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Melt butter in a 6-quart stockpot over medium heat. Add onion and garlic and saute until onion is translucent. Meanwhile, dredge veal cubes in flour, discarding any extra flour. When onions are translucent, add the veal to the stockpot and cook until lightly browned. Add mushrooms, parsley, crushed tomatoes, and chicken stock. Simmer for approximately 45 minutes, or until meat is fork-tender. Season with salt and pepper, to taste, and serve. <END>
INPUT: Asian, stir, pork loin chops, hoisin sauce, oyster sauce, cornstarch, Chinese five spice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spicy Pork and Kumquat Stir-Fry | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound 1/2-inch-thick boneless pork loin chops (about 6) cut crosswise into 1/3-inch-wide strips; 2 tablespoons hoisin sauce; 1 tablespoon oyster sauce; 1 tablespoon cornstarch; 2 teaspoons Chinese five spice powder*; 5 ounces kumquats, quartered lengthwise, seeded; 1 tablespoon sugar; 1 1/2 tablespoons hot chili oil or chili sesame oil*; 2 tablespoons minced peeled fresh ginger; 1/2 cup canned chicken broth; 1 teaspoon rice vinegar; *Available at oriental markets and in oriental section of some supermarkets | INSTRUCTIONS: Blend first 5 ingredients in medium bowl. Combine kumquats and sugar in small bowl. Let stand 30 minutes, stirring kumquat mixture occasionally. Heat oil in heavy large nonstick skillet over high heat. Add ginger and stir 1 minute. Add pork mixture and stir-fry until pork is just cooked through, separating pork strips, about 3 minutes. Add kumquat mixture, broth and vinegar and stir until sauce boils and thickens, about 1 minute. Season with salt and pepper. Blend first 5 ingredients in medium bowl. Combine kumquats and sugar in small bowl. Let stand 30 minutes, stirring kumquat mixture occasi <END>
INPUT: cranberry, relish, blood oranges, cranberries, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cranberry and Blood Orange Relish | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 blood oranges; 1 12-ounce bag fresh cranberries; 2/3 cup sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: Cut off all peel and white pith from 3 blood oranges. Using small sharp knife, cut between membranes to release segments into small bowl (see below). Set bowl with blood orange segments aside. Cut remaining unpeeled blood orange into 8 pieces and place in food processor. Add fresh cranberries and 2/3 cup sugar; using on/off turns, blend until mixture is finely chopped. Transfer relish to medium bowl; stir in blood orange segments. Cover and refrigerate relish overnight. DO AHEAD: Cranberry relish can be made 2 days ahead. Keep refrigerated. Bring to room temperature before serving. Cut off all <END>
INPUT: Pizza dough, butter, chocolate hazelnut spread, bittersweet semisweet chocolate, high quality chocolate
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate Pizza | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Pizza dough; 2 tablespoons butter (1/4 stick), melted; 1/4 cup chocolate-hazelnut spread (such as Nutella); 1/2 cup chopped bittersweet or semisweet chocolate; 2 tablespoons chopped high-quality white chocolate (such as Lindt or Perugina); 2 tablespoons chopped toasted hazelnuts | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 450°F. Line large baking sheet with parchment. Roll out dough on lightly floured surface to 11-inch round. Transfer dough to prepared sheet. Make indentations all over dough with fingertips. Brush melted butter over. Bake until pale golden, about 20 minutes. Smooth chocolate-hazelnut spread over hot crust. Sprinkle chopped bittersweet chocolate and white chocolate over. Bake until chocolate begins to melt, about 2 minutes. Sprinkle chopped hazelnuts over, cut into wedges, and serve. Preheat oven to 450°F. Line large baking sheet with parchment. Roll out dough on lightly floured <END>
INPUT: Italian, virgin olive oil, tomato sauce, eggs, scamorza mozzarella, basil leaves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Eggs in Tomato Sauce | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 4 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil; 2 1/2 cups tomato sauce (see 'Salsa di 5 minuti', recipe follows); 8 eggs; 4 ounces scamorza or mozzarella, sliced; 6 fresh basil leaves; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 4 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1 medium onion, finely chopped; 1 clove garlic, finely chopped; Dried chili peppers, crushed; 1 (28-ounce) can peeled plum tomatoes, pureed; Salt; 3 fresh basil leaves, torn | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat the olive oil in a large saute pan and add the tomato sauce. Bring to a boil. Add the eggs, one at a time to different spots in the pan, allowing them to cook right in the sauce. Scatter the scamorza or mozzarella cheese on top. Simmer on low to medium heat, with lid on, for approximately 5 minutes. Remove the lid, and add the torn basil leaves at the very end. Season with salt and pepper, and serve immediately. Heat the olive oil in a saucepan and add onion, garlic, and chili peppers. Gently fry ingredients together. Add pureed plum tomatoes to saucepan. Simmer on low to medium heat for  <END>
INPUT: deviled, dozen eggs, mayonnaise, Dijon mustard, horseradish, hot sauce
OUTPUT: TITLE: Deviled Eggs | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 dozen large eggs; 1/2 cup mayonnaise, such as Hellman's; 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard; 2 teaspoons horseradish; 1 teaspoon hot sauce, such as Frank's Hot Sauce; 1/2 teaspoon salt; Paprika, to top | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large saucepan, cover the eggs with an inch of water. Bring the eggs to a boil, then turn off the water and cover for 15 to 20 minutes. Drain the eggs and cover with very cold water. Carefully peel the eggs. Slice lengthwise and separate the yolks, putting them in a bowl, and set the whites aside. Mash the yolks and mix with the mayonnaise, mustard, horseradish, hot sauce and salt. Spoon or pipe the yolk mixture into the whites. Dust with paprika and chill for 30 minutes before serving. <END>
INPUT: royalandreg, washington, Crown Royal®, apple schnapps, cranberry juice, Apple
OUTPUT: TITLE: Crown Royalandreg; Washington Apple | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1.25 oz. Crown Royal®; .5 oz. apple schnapps; 3 oz. cranberry juice; Apple slices | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine in a shaker, shake it up and pour over ice. Garnish with apple slices PLEASE DRINK RESPONSIBLY. CROWN ROYAL Blended Canadian Whisky. 40% Alc/Vol. ©2012 The Crown Royal Company, 801 Main Ave, Norwalk, CT <END>
INPUT: American, gratin, unsalted butter, Kosher salt, Brussels sprouts, pepper flakes, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Brussels Sprouts Gratin | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, cut into pieces, plus more for the dish; Kosher salt; 1 pound Brussels sprouts, outer leaves and stems removed; Pinch of red pepper flakes; Freshly ground pepper; 1/2 cup heavy cream; 1/2 cup grated white cheddar cheese; 1/2 cup breadcrumbs | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F and butter a 2-quart baking dish. Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add the Brussels sprouts and cook until tender, 8 to 10 minutes. Drain the Brussels sprouts and coarsely chop. Transfer to the prepared baking dish and toss with the red pepper flakes, and salt and pepper to taste, then spread out evenly. Pour the cream on top, sprinkle with the cheese and breadcrumbs and dot with the butter pieces. Bake the gratin until bubbly and golden brown, about 15 minutes. Photograph by Kana Okada <END>
INPUT: spoonbread, smothered, tomatoes, milk, cornmeal, flour, Salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sweet Corn Spoonbread with Smothered Shrimp, Poached Eggs, and Fried Green Tomatoes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 green tomatoes, cut into 1/2 inch slices; 1 cup milk; 1 cup cornmeal; 1/2 cup flour; Salt and pepper; 2 tablespoons butter; 2 cups fresh milk; 3 ears corn, cut off the cob, cut very fine; 1/3 cup cornmeal; 2 tablespoons butter; 2 teaspoons sugar; 1 teaspoons salt; 2 eggs, beaten separated; 2 tablespoons butter; 12 shrimp, peeled and deveined | INSTRUCTIONS: For the Fried Green Tomatoes: Soak tomatoes in milk. Mix cornmeal and flour. Season with salt and pepper and set aside. In a large saute pan over medium-high heat add butter. Dredge tomatoes in a cornmeal until completely covered. Carefully place tomatoes in a saute pan and fry for 2 minutes on each side. Drain on a paper towel; season with fresh cracked pepper. For the Sweet Corn Spoonbread: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Bring to a boil one-cup of milk; add corn and cornmeal, stirring constantly, and cook for 5 minutes. Remove from the fire and beat in butter, sugar, salt, and the remaining  <END>
INPUT: Mexican, salad, jicama, virgin olive oil, lime juice, chipotle chile powder, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Jicama Salad with Lime Juice and Fresh Mint | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 medium jicama (1 1/2-2 pounds), peeled and cut into 1/2-inch cubes; 2 teaspoons extra-virgin olive oil; 3 tablespoons fresh lime juice; 3/4 teaspoon chipotle chile powder (or 1 1/2 teaspoons ancho chile powder); 1/2 teaspoon salt; 25 fresh mint leaves, cut into thin strips; 2 tablespoons queso añejo (or feta or goat cheese) | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine jicama and oil in a bowl and toss well. Add lime juice, chile powder, and salt. Toss to coat. Divide salad among 4 small bowls, then sprinkle each with 1/4 of the mint and cheese right before serving. Combine jicama and oil in a bowl and toss well. Add lime juice, chile powder, and salt. Toss to coat. Divide salad among 4 small bowls, then sprinkle each with 1/4 of the mint and cheese right before serving. <END>
INPUT: cupcakes, sugar, eggs at, pure vanilla extract, pure almond extract
OUTPUT: TITLE: Coconut Cupcakes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 pound (3 sticks) unsalted butter, room temperature; 2 cups sugar; 5 extra-large eggs at room temperature; 1 1/2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract; 1 1/2 teaspoons pure almond extract; 3 cups flour; 1 teaspoon baking powder; 1/2 teaspoon baking soda; 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt; 1 cup buttermilk; 14 ounces sweetened, shredded coconut; 1 pound cream cheese at room temperature; 3/4 pound (3 sticks) unsalted butter, room temperature; 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract; 1/2 teaspoon pure almond extract | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. In the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, cream the butter and sugar on high speed until light and fluffy, about 5 minutes. With the mixer on low speed, add the eggs, 1 at a time, scraping down the bowl after each addition. Add the vanilla and almond extracts and mix well. In a separate bowl, sift together the flour, baking powder, baking soda, and salt. In 3 parts, alternately add the dry ingredients and the buttermilk to the batter, beginning and ending with the dry. Mix until just combined. Fold in 7 <END>
INPUT: tiny, biscuits, flour, salt, baking powder, lemon zest, heavy cream
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tiny Honey Biscuits with Strawberries and Cream | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cups flour; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 4 teaspoons baking powder; 1/4 teaspoon freshly grated lemon zest; 1 cup chilled heavy cream; 2 tablespoons good quality honey; 1 cup creme fraiche; 1 1/2 cups ripe raspberries, blueberries or cut-up strawberries, or 1/2 cup each kind of berry; 2 tablespoons good quality honey | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: A small round cookie or biscuit cutter, 1 1/2 inches in diameter A large cookie sheet, well greased, or lined with parchment paper Biscuits: Heat the oven to 400 degrees F. Mix the flour, salt, baking powder, and lemon zest together in a large bowl. Whip the cream with the honey in a mixer with the paddle attachment until stiff and gently mix into the dry ingredients just until the mixture is moistened and comes together. Turn out onto a lightly floured work surface and knead a few times to bring the dough together into a ball. Reflour your work surface and flour a rolling p <END>
INPUT: pound, cake, butter, granulated sugar, eggs, all purpose flour, baking powder
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lemon Poppy Pound Cake | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 cup butter; 1 1/2 cups granulated sugar; 3 large eggs; 3 cups all purpose flour; 1 1/2 teaspoons baking powder; 1 1/2 teaspoons baking soda; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 2 cups sour cream; 2 lemons, rind only; 2 teaspoons poppy seeds | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven 350 degrees F. Grease (or spray) and flour 10-inch bundt or tube pan. Cream butter and sugar until fluffy. Add eggs 1 at a time beating well after each addition. Sift together dry ingredients. Add all at once to butter mixture. Blend just until smooth. Add sour cream, lemon rind, and poppy seeds. Blend just until smooth. Bake for approximately 1 hour. Let cool in pan before removing. <END>
INPUT: racks lamb, virgin olive oil, Juice zest orange, rosemary, Kosher salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Rack of Lamb with Icicle Radishes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 racks of lamb (about 15 pounds total); 1 cup extra-virgin olive oil; Juice and zest of 1 orange; 1/2 bunch fresh rosemary, needles stripped from the stem; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 bunches icicle radishes, trimmed and well-washed; 2 tablespoons all-purpose flour; 1 bottle red zinfandel wine; 1 cup kalamata olives, pitted; 2 bunches watercress, trimmed and well-washed | INSTRUCTIONS: Ask the butcher to remove the chine bone (back bone) from each rack of lamb, to clean and "french" the ribs, and trim the fat cap on the meat. Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F. In a small bowl, mix the olive oil with the orange juice, zest, and half of the rosemary to flavor the oil. Pour the rosemary oil over the lamb and rub it into the meat really well; season with a generous amount of salt and pepper. Place the racks of lamb side by side in a large roasting pan, with the rib bones facing up; wrap the bones in foil to prevent blackening in the oven. Toss the radishes with a little oil and  <END>
INPUT: American, haddad, soy sauce, olive oil, garlic, light sugar, sherry wine vinegar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Flank Steak Haddad | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup soy sauce; 1/2 cup olive oil; 8 garlic cloves, chopped; 3 tablespoons packed light brown sugar; 2 tablespoons sherry wine vinegar; 4 teaspoons chopped fresh ginger; 1 large flank steak (about 2 1/4 pounds); Freshly ground pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: In a blender or small food processor, combine the soy sauce, olive oil, garlic, brown sugar, vinegar, and ginger. Puree until smooth. Place the flank steak in a shallow dish just large enough to hold it. With a skewer or kitchen fork, pierce the steak many times. Pour the soy mixture over the meat. Cover and refrigerate, turning and piercing the steak again every hour, for 8 hours. Return to room temperature. Light a hot fire in a charcoal grill or preheat a gas grill or grill pan to medium-high heat. Grill steak on an oiled rack set 5 to 6 inches over glowing coals or in grill pan for 5 minut <END>
INPUT: Asian, Vegetable oil, cleaned squid, sesame oil, Kosher salt, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Sesame Squid | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: Vegetable oil (for grilling); 1 1/2 pounds cleaned squid; 2 tablespoons toasted sesame oil; Kosher salt; Freshly ground pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Prepare grill for high heat; oil grate with vegetable oil. Toss squid with sesame oil in a large bowl; season with salt and pepper. Grill squid, turning occasionally, until lightly charred and cooked through, about 3 minutes. Cut bodies crosswise into thin rings for serving, if desired. Prepare grill for high heat; oil grate with vegetable oil. Toss squid with sesame oil in a large bowl; season with salt and pepper. Grill squid, turning occasionally, until lightly charred and cooked through, about 3 minutes. Cut bodies crosswise into thin rings for serving, if desired. <END>
INPUT: chowder, EVOO, bacon, corn cob, seafood seasoning, thyme leaves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spicy Clam and Corn Chowder | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon EVOO; 1/3 pound lean bacon, chopped; 4 large ears corn on the cob, kernels cut off and cobs scraped; 2 tablespoons seafood seasoning, such as Old Bay; 2 tablespoons fresh thyme leaves, finely chopped; 4 cloves garlic, chopped; 3 to 4 small ribs celery with leafy tops, chopped; 2 fresh bay leaves; 2 jalapeno or Fresno chiles, chopped or thinly sliced; 1 red onion, chopped; 4 cups chicken stock; 3 to 4 heirloom tomatoes, chopped; 4 pounds littleneck clams, scrubbed; 1 lager beer; Sea salt and freshly ground pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. For the chowder: In a soup pot or a Dutch oven, heat the EVOO over medium-high heat. Add the bacon and cook until crisp, about 5 minutes. Add the corn and cook until the kernels are lightly browned at the edges, 6 to 8 minutes. Add the seafood seasoning, thyme, garlic, celery, bay leaves, chiles and onions, and cook until softened, 6 to 8 minutes. Stir in the chicken stock and tomatoes. Bring to a simmer, then turn off the heat. For the croutons: Arrange the English muffin cubes on a wire rack set over a baking sheet. Toast in the oven until light golden. Mel <END>
INPUT: creamed, rainbow Swiss chard, onion, reduced fat cream, nutmeg, Kosher salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Healthy Creamed Swiss Chard With Pine Nuts | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 large bunch rainbow Swiss chard, stemmed, leaves coarsely chopped; 1/2 red onion, diced; 6 tablespoons reduced-fat cream cheese; 1/4 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 tablespoons chopped toasted pine nuts | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine the Swiss chard, onions and 1/2 cup water in a large pot. Bring to a simmer over high heat, lower the heat to medium, cover and cook, stirring frequently, until the chard is very tender, about 15 minutes. Meanwhile, combine the cream cheese, nutmeg and 1/4 cup water in a medium saucepan. Place over medium heat and cook, whisking frequently, until the cheese melts and the mixture just bubbles around the edges. With a slotted spoon, transfer the chard to the pan with the cheese mixture (leave any excess liquid in the pot). Mix well and season with salt and pepper. Garnish with the pine n <END>
INPUT: Mexican, sandwiches, guajillo chiles, ancho chile, cumin seeds, peppercorns
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chile-Marinated Pork Sandwiches on Cemita Rolls | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 6 dried guajillo chiles* (1 1/2 oz); 1 dried ancho chile* (1/2 oz); 4 thin (1/2-inch) rib pork chops (1 lb total), bones discarded; 1/2 teaspoon cumin seeds; 1/4 teaspoon black peppercorns; 1 whole clove; 1 (1/2- by 1/4-inch) piece cinnamon stick; 2 tablespoons cider vinegar; 2 large garlic cloves, quartered; 1 teaspoon dried oregano (preferably Mexican), crumbled; 1 teaspoon salt; 2 to 3 tablespoons vegetable oil; 4 Mexican cemita rolls** or 8 sesame seed hamburger buns; 2 ripe California avocados; 1/2 cup fresh papalo leaves*** or cilantro leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: Prepare chiles and pork: Discard chile stems and cut guajillo and ancho chiles open lengthwise with kitchen shears. Discard seeds and ribs. Heat a dry 10- to 12-inch heavy skillet or griddle over moderate heat until hot, then toast chiles, a few at a time, turning and pressing down with tongs, until softened and fragrant, about 10 seconds per side. Transfer chiles to a bowl, then cover with hot water and soak until softened, about 20 minutes. Discard chile stems and cut guajillo and ancho chiles open lengthwise with kitchen shears. Discard seeds and ribs. Heat a dry 10- to 12-inch heavy skille <END>
INPUT: sifted cake flour, sugar, baking powder, salt, egg yolks
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grapefruit Cake | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 1/4 cups sifted cake flour; 1 1/2 cups sugar; 3 teaspoons baking powder; 1 teaspoon salt; 5 egg yolks; 1/2 cup vegetable oil; 3/4 cup water; 1 lemon, zested; 2 teaspoons vanilla; 8 egg whites, whipped to stiff peaks; Frosting (recipe to follow); 24 ounces cream cheese, softened; 4 teaspoons lemon juice; 2 pounds fresh grapefruit, sectioned; 1 cup powdered sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 325 degrees. Sift together dry ingredients then add egg yolks, oil, water, zest, and vanilla and mix well. When incorporated, fold in egg whites. Bake for an hour. When cake is cooled, slice in half and frost in between layers, on top and around sides.; Beat cream cheese with lemon juice until fluffy. Mash 6 grapefruit sections into small pieces. Add sugar to cheese mixture along with food coloring, fruit zest and blend will. Add remaining grapefruit.; <END>
INPUT: American, garlic, anchovy paste, lemon juice, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Steak with Anchovy Garlic Butter | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 garlic cloves; 1/2 stick (1/4 cup) unsalted butter, softened; 1 tablespoon anchovy paste; 1 1/2 teaspoons fresh lemon juice; 3/4 teaspoon black pepper; 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh flat-leaf parsley; 2 (1-inch-thick) boneless beef top loin (strip) steaks (each about 1 pound); 1/2 teaspoon salt; 3 tablespoons olive oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Mince garlic and mash to a paste with a pinch of salt using a large heavy knife. Mash together butter, anchovy paste, lemon juice, garlic paste, and 1/4 teaspoon pepper until combined well. Stir in parsley. Pat steaks dry and sprinkle with salt and remaining 1/2 teaspoon pepper. Heat oil in a 12-inch heavy skillet over moderately high heat until hot but not smoking. Sauté steaks 1 at a time, turning once, about 8 minutes total for medium-rare. Transfer steaks to a cutting board and let stand 5 minutes before serving. Top steaks with a dollop of anchovy butter and slice. Mince garlic and mash t <END>
INPUT: American, crusted, onions, juniper berries, coriander seed, Mexican oregano, peppercorns, kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Crusted Buffalo Tenderloin with Chipolte Onions | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon juniper berries; 1 tablespoon coriander seed; 1 tablespoon dried Mexican oregano; 1 1/2 teaspoons black peppercorns; 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt; 5 whole allspice; 1 1/2 tablespoons chopped pecans; 4 cloves garlic, chopped; 1 buffalo or beef tenderloin, 4 to 5 pounds, fat trimmed, rolled, and tied; 1 can chipolte chiles; 1 onion, thinly sliced; 1 tablespoon oil; 2 cups buffalo stock or Demi-glace or beef broth plus 1/2 cup red wine; 3 to 4 fresh sage leaves, chopped; Salt and pepper, to taste | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 425 degrees. In a blender, finely grind the first 7 ingredients in a blender or food processor. Add garlic and whirl to form a paste. Rub seasoning paste all over tenderloin. Set meat on rack in a 12 by 17-inch roasting pan. Roast in a 425 degree oven for 20 minutes. (If using buffalo, do not cook beyond rare or it will start to dry out). Meanwhile, rinse canned chipoltes, discard seeds and veins and mince. Mix onion slices with oil and put in roasting pan around meat (not on rack). Continue to cook until a thermometer inserted in center of the thickest part of meat registers 1 <END>
INPUT: Italian, pappardelle nests Pepper, piece pancetta, chestnut cremini mushrooms, heavy cream, Parmesan cheese
OUTPUT: TITLE: Creamy Pancetta Pasta with Mushrooms and Parmesan | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: One 16-ounce package pappardelle nests or 1 recipe for Cracked Black Pepper Pasta; One 6-ounce piece pancetta, cut into cubes; 6 ounces fresh chestnut or cremini mushrooms, cleaned and finely sliced; 1 cup heavy cream; 1/2 cup grated Parmesan cheese; Freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring a large pot of water to the boil and cook the pappardelle according to the package directions. While the pasta is cooking, put a large skillet over medium-high heat. Cook the pancetta until it starts to brown, about 5 minutes. Add the mushrooms and cook for 2 to 3 minutes, then add the cream. When the cream is hot, add the Parmesan and stir. Drain the pasta and add it to the skillet. Stir well and season with some pepper. I find it does not usually need salt because of the salty pancetta and Parmesan. Serve immediately. I like to serve it with an arugula salad. <END>
INPUT: gumbo, bacon fat, all purpose flour, unsalted butter, celery, onions
OUTPUT: TITLE: Earl Campbell's Hot Link Gumbo | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups bacon fat; 4 cups all-purpose flour; 1 pound unsalted butter; 1 pound celery, diced; 1 pound onions, diced; 8 ounces green bell peppers, diced; 8 ounces red bell peppers, diced; 2 pounds Earl Campbell's Hot Link Sausage; 5 quarts water; 3/4 cup clam base; 1/2 cup chili powder; 1/2 cup dried thyme; 1 tablespoon chicken base; 1 tablespoon hot sauce, such as Tabasco; 1/2 cup dried oregano | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Start by making the roux. In a heavy bottomed pan, preferably a cast-iron skillet, melt the bacon fat and stir in the flour. It's important to keep stirring this until it turns a deep dark brown. Usually about 30 minutes. Also remember once it is brown to remove it from the burner and it will continue to cook as the pan is still really hot. For the gumbo: Melt the butter in a large pot. Add the celery, onions and green and red bell peppers. Let simmer for 5 minutes. Cut the hot links in 1/4-inch half-moons and add to the pot. Add the water, clam base, chili powde <END>
INPUT: vegetable oil, long grain rice, coconut milk, chicken stock, Salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Coconut Rice | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons vegetable oil; 1 cup long grain white rice; 1 cup coconut milk; 1 cup chicken stock; Salt and pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: In a saucepan, heat oil over medium high heat. Stir in rice and cook for 1 minute. Pour in coconut milk and chicken stock and bring to a boil. Cover and reduce heat to low and simmer for 15 minutes. Remove pan from heat and allow to rest for 5 minutes. Serve hot. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, asian, salad, chicken breast halves, cilantro cilantro, onion onions, sugar snap peas, baby bok choy
OUTPUT: TITLE: Asian Chicken Salad with Snap Peas and Bok Choy | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2 skinless boneless chicken breast halves (about 1 pound); 5 fresh cilantro sprigs plus 1/3 cup chopped cilantro; 1 whole green onion plus 2 green onions, chopped; 1 8-ounce package sugar snap peas; 3 baby bok choy, thinly sliced crosswise; 1 English hothouse cucumber, quartered lengthwise, thinly sliced crosswise; 1 red jalapeño chile, thinly sliced; 1/4 cup ponzu*; 2 1/2 tablespoons seasoned rice vinegar; 2 1/2 tablespoons vegetable oil; 1 tablespoon minced peeled fresh ginger | INSTRUCTIONS: Fill medium skillet with salted water; bring to boil. Add chicken breasts, cilantro sprigs, and whole green onion; reduce heat to medium and poach chicken until just cooked through, about 20 minutes. Using tongs, transfer chicken to plate; cool. Add snap peas to same skillet; increase heat to high and cook until crisp-tender, about 1 minute. Drain; rinse snap peas under cold water to cool. Discard whole green onion and cilantro sprigs. Coarsely shred chicken. Toss chicken, chopped cilantro, chopped green onions, snap peas, and next 3 ingredients in large bowl. Whisk ponzu, vinegar, oil, and gi <END>
INPUT: rice, butter, pepper, onion, garlic, rich stock chicken
OUTPUT: TITLE: Red Beans and Rice | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons butter; 1 cup green pepper, chopped; 1 cup onion, chopped; 2 tablespoons garlic, minced; 3 cups rich stock - chicken, turkey or vegetable, depending on what you like; 4 cups kidney beans; 4 bay leaves; 1/2 teaspoon thyme; 1/2 teaspoon allspice; 1/2 teaspoon black pepper, freshly ground; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/2 teaspoon crushed red pepper; 1/4 pound smoked turkey, ham or turkey kielbasa | INSTRUCTIONS: Melt butter in the pressure cooker (without top.) Add peppers, onion, garlic and saute until translucent. Add 3 cups of stock, kidney beans and remainder of ingredients. Pressure cook according to manufacturer's directions. Cook rice separately, according to package directions. Serve beans on hot, cooked rice.; <END>
INPUT: American, tarts, Good olive oil, onions, garlic, Kosher salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tomato and Goat Cheese Tarts | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 package (17.3 ounces/2 sheets) puff pastry, defrosted; Good olive oil; 4 cups thinly sliced yellow onions (2 large onions); 3 large garlic cloves, cut into thin slivers; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 3 tablespoons dry white wine; 2 teaspoons minced fresh thyme leaves; 4 tablespoons freshly grated Parmesan, plus 2 ounces shaved with a vegetable peeler; 4 ounces garlic-and-herb goat cheese (recommended: Montrachet); 1 large tomato, cut into four 1/4-inch-thick slices; 3 tablespoons julienned basil leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Unfold a sheet of puff pastry on a lightly floured surface and roll it lightly to an 11 by 11-inch square. Using a 6-inch wide saucer or other round object as a guide, cut 2 circles from the sheet of puff pastry, discarding the scraps. Repeat with the second pastry sheet to make 4 circles in all. Place the pastry circles on 2 sheet pans lined with parchment paper and refrigerate until ready to use. Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Heat 3 tablespoons of olive oil in a large skillet over medium to low heat and add the onions and garlic. Saute for 15 to 20 minutes <END>
INPUT: American, vegetable oil, eggs, Kosher salt pepper, sirloin steak
OUTPUT: TITLE: Steak Fried Rice | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons vegetable oil; 2 large eggs; Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper; Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper; 12 ounces sirloin steak, trimmed and cut into 1/2-inch-thick pieces; 2 carrots, diced; 2 stalks celery, diced; 1 leek (white and light green parts only), thinly sliced and well rinsed; 3 cloves garlic, minced; 1 1-inch piece ginger, peeled and minced; 2 cups frozen grain-and-rice blend, thawed; 2 cups sugar snap peas, halved; 2 tablespoons low-sodium soy sauce | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat 1 teaspoon vegetable oil in a large nonstick skillet over medium heat. Whisk the eggs with 1 tablespoon water and a pinch each of salt and pepper. Pour into the skillet and stir a few times with a rubber spatula to spread. Cook, undisturbed, until just set, about 2 minutes. Fold into thirds like an omelet and transfer to a plate. Wipe out the skillet and heat 1 tablespoon vegetable oil over high heat. Season the steak with salt and pepper. Add to the skillet and cook, stirring, until the meat just starts browning, about 3 minutes. Transfer the steak to a bowl and set aside. Wipe out the s <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, dressing, virgin olive oil, garlic, almonds, golden raisins, Sherry vinegar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Dandelion Greens with Hot Olive-Oil Dressing | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 3 garlic cloves, thinly sliced lengthwise; 1/3 cup sliced almonds (1 ounce); 1/2 cup golden raisins; 2 tablespoons Sherry vinegar; 1/2 teaspoon sugar; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 1/4 teaspoon black pepper; 1 pound tender young dandelion greens, any tough stems discarded | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat oil in a 10-inch heavy skillet over moderate heat until hot but not smoking, then cook garlic and almonds, stirring frequently, until pale golden, about 2 minutes. Add raisins and cook, stirring, until garlic is golden and raisins are plumped, about 1 minute. Remove from heat and add vinegar, sugar, salt, and pepper, stirring until combined. Pour hot dressing over dandelion greens in a bowl, tossing with tongs to coat. Heat oil in a 10-inch heavy skillet over moderate heat until hot but not smoking, then cook garlic and almonds, stirring frequently, until pale golden, about 2 minutes. Add <END>
INPUT: gratin, potatoes, celery root, heavy cream, butter, saffron
OUTPUT: TITLE: Celery Root Gratin | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 pounds potatoes; 4 pounds celery root; 1 cup heavy cream; 1 stick butter; 1/2 teaspoon saffron; 2 cloves garlic, minced; 2 1/2 cups gruyere; Salt and pepper; 1/2 cup chopped flat leaf parsley | INSTRUCTIONS: Peel and coarsely chop the potatoes and the celery root. Put potatoes and celery root in separate pots and add salt to each. Boil the potatoes and celery root until soft, and then drain them. Pour the heavy cream into a pot and bring it to a boil. Add the butter, saffron, garlic, and 1 cup of the gruyere. Cook about 5 minutes over moderately low heat until the cream mixture is bright yellow. Puree drained celery root in food processor, gradually adding yellow cream mixture. Mash the drained potatoes to a rough texture. Add pureed celery root to mashed potatoes. Add the rest of the gruyere and  <END>
INPUT: Asian, glaze, relish, plums, ginger, unseasoned rice wine, olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Salmon with Hoisin Glaze and Plum-Ginger Relish | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 4 ripe plums, unpeeled, pitted and finely diced; 2 tablespoons fresh ginger, peeled and minced; 1/4 cup unseasoned rice wine vinegar; 6 (8-ounce) salmon fillets with skin; 3 tablespoons olive oil; 1 tablespoon kosher salt; 2 tablespoons freshly coarse-ground black pepper; 1/2 cup hoisin sauce; 1/4 cup scallions, white and green parts, thinly sliced; 3 tablespoons sesame seeds, toasted | INSTRUCTIONS: In medium bowl, stir together plums, ginger, and vinegar. Refrigerate until ready to serve. Prepare grill for cooking: If using charcoal grill, open vents on bottom, then light charcoal. Charcoal fire is medium-hot when you can hold your hand 5 inches above rack for 4 to 5 seconds. If using gas grill, preheat burners on high with hood closed 10 minutes, then turn down to moderately high. Rub salmon fillets on both sides with oil and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Arrange fillets on grill, skin sides down. Grill, turning once, until just cooked through, about 6 to 8 minutes per side, brushing w <END>
INPUT: korma, onion, piece ginger, garlic, curry powder, Kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Turkey-Spinach Korma | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 large onion, chopped; 1 2-inch piece ginger, peeled and chopped (about 1/4 cup); 3 cloves garlic; 1 tablespoon curry powder; Kosher salt; 3/4 cup plain low-fat yogurt, plus more for serving; 2 tablespoons vegetable oil; 1 pound 99%-lean ground turkey; 1 10-ounce package frozen chopped spinach, thawed and squeezed dry; 1/4 cup chopped fresh cilantro, plus more for topping; 3 cups cooked brown rice, for serving | INSTRUCTIONS: Puree half of the onion, 2 tablespoons water, the ginger, garlic, curry powder and 1/2 teaspoon salt in a food processor until almost smooth; set aside. Mix the yogurt with 1/4 cup water in a small bowl; set aside. Heat the vegetable oil in a large skillet over high heat. Add the remaining onion and cook, stirring occasionally, until lightly browned and tender, about 3 minutes. Add the turkey and cook, breaking up the meat with a wooden spoon, until lightly browned, about 3 minutes. Add the onion-spice mixture to the skillet and cook, stirring occasionally, until dry, about 4 minutes. Reduce t <END>
INPUT: Asian, imperial, shrimp, fish sauce, soy sauce, sambal, lime juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Imperial Rolls with Shrimp | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 8 shrimp, shelled and deveined; 1/2 cup fish sauce; 2 tablespoons soy sauce; 1 heaping teaspoon sambal; 1 tablespoon lime juice; 1 tablespoon sugar; 1/4 cup water; 1/4 cup chopped mint; 8 rice paper rolls; 8 carrot batons; 8 cucumber batons; 8 scallion batons; 16 mint leaves; Peanut sauce for dipping (store bought) | INSTRUCTIONS: Poach shrimp and slice in half lengthwise. In a bowl, combine marinade ingredients, stirring until sugar is dissolved. Add shrimp to the marinade and let sit for a few hours, chilled. To assemble the rolls, place rice paper wrappers in a bowl of warm water for 2 to 3 minutes until they are soft. Lay out hydrated wrappers on a damp paper towel. In the center of the wrapper, place 1 each of carrot, cucumber, and scallion. Add 2 pieces of shrimp and 2 mint leaves. Fold in sides of the wrapper. Roll wrapper. Serve with peanut dipping sauce. <END>
INPUT: chowder, bacon, butter, garlic, celery, carrot
OUTPUT: TITLE: Corn Chowder | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 slices bacon, sliced to 1/4-inch pieces; 1 tablespoon butter; 3 cloves garlic, roughly chopped; 2 stalks celery, medium dice; 1 medium carrot, medium dice; 1 onion, medium dice; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1/4 cup all-purpose flour; 4 cups homemade or low-sodium chicken stock; 4 ears corn, kernels removed or 12 ounces frozen corn kernels; 1 medium baseball-size red potato, medium dice; 1 teaspoon chopped fresh thyme; 2 cups whole milk | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Add the bacon to the bottom of a large heavy soup pot set over medium heat. Stir until the bacon is crisp, 4 to 5 minutes. Remove to a paper-towel-lined plate with a slotted spoon. Add the butter and once melted, toss in the garlic, celery, carrots and onions, and saute until nice and tender, about 6 minutes. Season the mixture with salt and pepper, and sprinkle in the flour and stir until light colored and pasty, another 2 minutes. Slowly pour in the chicken stock, and then stir in the corn, potatoes and thyme, and bring to boil. Reduce the heat to a simmer and  <END>
INPUT: Italian, Kosher salt, spaghetti, virgin olive oil, sweet Italian turkey, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sausage-Cauliflower Spaghetti | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: Kosher salt; 12 ounces spaghetti; 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, plus more for drizzling; 12 ounces sweet Italian turkey sausage, casings removed; 6 cloves garlic, sliced; 1 small head cauliflower, broken into small florets; 1 bunch scallions, chopped; 1 cup grated pecorino romano or parmesan cheese | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add the spaghetti and cook as the label directs. Reserve 2 cups cooking water, then drain. Meanwhile, heat the olive oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Crumble the sausage into the skillet and cook, breaking it up with a wooden spoon, until lightly browned and no longer pink, 4 to 5 minutes. Clear a space in the pan, add the garlic and cook until just golden, 2 to 3 minutes. Add the cauliflower and cook until the edges are browned, about 2 minutes. Add 1 cup of the reserved cooking water, cover and reduce the heat to medium. Cook until th <END>
INPUT: virgin olive oil, rosemary, thyme, onions
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Onions with Lemon | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 2 large sprigs rosemary, leaves stripped; 1 bunch thyme; 6 red onions, halved through the root end (unpeeled); 3 white onions, quartered through the root end (unpeeled); Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper; 2 lemons; 2 tablespoons vegetable oil; 2 tablespoons apple cider vinegar; 1 tablespoon dijon mustard | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Drizzle 2 tablespoons olive oil on a rimmed baking sheet. Scatter the rosemary leaves and thyme sprigs on the baking sheet. Season the onions with salt and pepper; arrange on top of the herbs, cut-side down. Remove 4 wide strips zest from the lemons using a vegetable peeler; set aside. Cut each lemon in half and remove any seeds; add to the baking sheet cut-side down. Roast until the onions are tender and the skins are slightly charred, about 1 hour. Meanwhile, make the vinaigrette: Combine the vegetable oil, vinegar, mustard and 1/2 teaspoon salt in a blende <END>
INPUT: onion, fennel, good olive oil, garlic, plum tomatoes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Swordfish with Tomatoes and Capers | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup chopped yellow onion (1 onion); 1 cup chopped fennel (1 bulb); 3 tablespoons good olive oil; 1 teaspoon minced garlic; 28 ounces canned plum tomatoes, drained; 1 teaspoon kosher salt; 3/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 2 tablespoons chicken stock; 2 tablespoons good dry white wine; 1/2 cup chopped fresh basil leaves; 2 tablespoons capers, drained; 1 tablespoon unsalted butter; 4 (1-inch-thick) swordfish fillets (about 2 1/2 pounds); Fresh basil leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. For the sauce, cook the onions and fennel in the oil in a large saute pan on medium-low heat for 10 minutes, until the vegetables are soft. Add the garlic and cook for 30 seconds. Add the drained tomatoes, smashing them in the pan with a fork, plus the salt and pepper. Simmer on low heat for 15 minutes. Add the chicken stock and white wine and simmer for 10 more minutes to reduce the liquid. Add the basil, capers, and butter and cook for 1 minute more. Prepare a grill with hot coals. Brush the swordfish with olive oil, and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Grill on  <END>
INPUT: cakes, vegetable oil, eggs, nutmeg, Sherry Glaze, Sugared Pink Rose
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sherry Tea Cakes and Glaze | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 cup vegetable oil; 4 eggs; 3/4 teaspoon ground nutmeg; Sherry Glaze, recipe follows; 24 Sugared Pink Rose Petals, recipe follows; 1 (18.25-ounce) box yellow cake mix; 1 (3.4-ounce) box vanilla instant pudding and pie filling; 3/4 cup cream sherry; 4 cups confectioners' sugar; 1/2 cup cream sherry; 24 fresh rose petals; 2 egg whites; 1/2 cup granulated sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line 2 (12 cup) muffin tins with paper muffin cup liners. Combine cake mix, pudding mix, sherry, oil, eggs, and nutmeg in a large bowl. Beat for 2 minutes, or until well blended. Spoon batter into prepared muffin cups, filling each 2/3 full. Bake for 18 minutes, or until light golden brown on top. Cool completely on a wire rack. When cupcakes are cool, ice them using a small spatula or butter knife. Let sit until glaze is set. Place sugared pink rose petals on the tops of each cupcakes. Stack 3 glass cake pedestals on top of each other. Arrange cupcakes on ea <END>
INPUT: Italian, stewed, chicken, lemon juice, scallions, tomatoes, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Stewed Chicken | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 3 1/2 pounds chicken parts; 1/4 cup lemon juice; 4 scallions, cut in 1/2-inch pieces; 4 tomatoes, diced; 1 onion, thinly sliced; 1 green bell pepper, thinly sliced; 1/2 cup ketchup; 1/4 cup cider vinegar; 3 tablespoons sesame oil; 3 tablespoons ground cumin; 1 tablespoon West Indian curry powder; 1 tablespoon herb blend (blend of dried and ground oregano, thyme, rosemary, black pepper, and basil) (recommended: Daddy's Herb Blend); 1 1/2 tablespoons brown sugar; 3 tablespoons garlic powder; 3 tablespoons onion powder | INSTRUCTIONS: Wash chicken parts. In a large bowl, combine lemon juice, scallions, tomatoes, onion, bell pepper, ketchup, vinegar, sesame oil, cumin, curry powder, herb blend, brown sugar, garlic powder, onion powder and 3 tablespoons olive oil. Season with salt and pepper. Add chicken to marinade, cover and refrigerate overnight. In a medium Dutch oven, combine 1/3 olive oil and the sugar. Remove the chicken from the refrigerator and brush off the vegetables from the chicken pieces, reserving the vegetables. Turn the heat to medium and stir the sugar and allow it to caramelize as the pot gets hot. (It may  <END>
INPUT: American, three, fondue, cornstarch, lemon juice, shallot, Gruyère cheese
OUTPUT: TITLE: Three-Cheese Fondue with Champagne | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 4 teaspoons cornstarch; 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice; 1 1/4 cups dry (brut) Champagne; 1 large shallot, chopped; 2 cups coarsely grated Gruyère cheese (about 7 ounces); 1 1/3 cups coarsely grated Emmenthal cheese (about 5 ounces); 1/2 cup diced rindless Brie or Camembert cheese (about 3 ounces); Generous pinch of ground nutmeg; Pinch of ground white pepper; 1 French-bread baguette, crust left on, bread cut into 1-inch cubes | INSTRUCTIONS: Stir cornstarch and lemon juice in small bowl until cornstarch dissolves; set aside. Combine Champagne and shallot in fondue pot or heavy medium saucepan; simmer over medium heat 2 minutes. Remove pot from heat. Add all cheeses and stir to combine. Stir in cornstarch mixture. Return fondue pot to medium heat and stir until cheeses are melted and smooth and fondue thickens and boils, about 12 minutes. Season fondue with nutmeg and white pepper. Place over candle or canned heat burner to keep warm. Serve with bread cubes. Stir cornstarch and lemon juice in small bowl until cornstarch dissolves;  <END>
INPUT: Mexican, nachos, sweet potatoes, vegetable oil, Kosher salt pepper, Spanish chorizo sausage, avocado
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sweet Potato Nachos | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2 sweet potatoes, scrubbed clean and sliced 1/4-inch thick; 4 tablespoons vegetable oil; Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper; 1/2 pound Spanish chorizo sausage, diced; 1 ripe avocado, halved, pitted, and peeled; 1 small onion, quartered; Juice of 2 limes (about 1/3 cup); 2 serrano chiles, ribs and seeds removed; 1 cup fresh cilantro leaves, plus more for garnish; 2 cups shredded Monterey Jack cheese | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F. Toss the sweet potato slices in 3 tablespoons oil and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Lay the slices in a single layer on 2 baking sheets and roast until brown and beginning to crisp, 20 to 25 minutes, flipping the slices halfway through. 2. Meanwhile, in a medium nonstick skillet over medium-high heat, cook the chorizo in the remaining 1 tablespoon oil until browned, 3 to 5 minutes. Transfer to a paper towel-lined plate to drain. 3. Put the avocado, onion, lime juice, serrano, and cilantro in a food processor and pulse until smooth. Season with salt and pe <END>
INPUT: Italian, risotto, olive oil, Chicken Stock, onion, roasted tomato halves, Arborio rice other
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Tomato Risotto | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons olive oil; 6 to 8 cups White Chicken Stock, recipe follows; 1 onion, peeled and diced; 3 roasted tomato halves, recipe follows, chopped; 1 1/2 cups Arborio rice or other short-grain rice; 4 roasted garlic cloves, recipe follows, peeled and chopped; 1 tablespoon unsalted butter; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1/4 cup freshly grated Parmigiano-Reggiano; 4 pounds uncooked chicken bones or 4 pounds chicken legs, wings, and backs; 1 onion, peeled and quartered; 1 carrot, peeled and coarsely chopped; 2 stalks celery, coarsely chopped; 2 leeks, white parts only, trimmed and chopped; 1 bay leaf | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat oil in a medium saucepan over medium heat until it slides easily across pan bottom. Add onion and cook, stirring occasionally, until soft, about 15 minutes. Add rice, salt, and pepper and cook, stirring, until rice is heated through and slightly translucent, about 1 minute. Add enough stock to almost cover rice, about 2 cups. Simmer, stirring frequently, until rice has absorbed stock, 5 to 10 minutes. Stir in tomatoes, garlic, and another cup of stock. Cook, stirring, until rice looks dry, then add another cup of stock. Continue gradually adding stock, cooking, and stirring, until rice is <END>
INPUT: salad, onions, ginger julienned, sambal, shrimp, Juice limes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spicy Shrimp and Mango with Snow Pea Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 red onions, sliced; 1 tablespoon ginger julienned; 1 1/2 tablespoons sambal; 1 1/2 pounds large shrimp, peeled and deveined; Juice of 2 limes; 2 ripe mangoes, diced; 1/2 pound of blanched snow peas; 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard; 1/8 cup rice wine vinegar; 1/4 cup canola oil; Salt and black pepper to taste | INSTRUCTIONS: In a hot wok, coat wok with oil and caramelize onions with the ginger. Season. Add sambal and shrimp and stir fry until just cooked through. Deglaze with lime juice and add mangoes. Check for seasoning. In a mixing bowl, whisk together Dijon, vinegar and oil. Check for seasoning. Toss with snow peas. Place a pile of snow peas in the middle of the plate. Surround with stir fry. Garnish with mango slices. <END>
INPUT: French, mango, jalapenos, sea scallops, Dijon mustard, Kosher salt, pepper, tarragon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Seared Sea Scallops with Mango and Jalapenos | CUISINE: French | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 pounds sea scallops, cut in 1/2inch horizontally; 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard; 1/2 teaspoon Kosher salt; 1/4 teaspoon pepper; 2 tablespoons fresh tarragon; 8 tablespoons butter; 3/4 cup chopped shallots; 1 jalapeno, diced; 1/4 cup dry sherry; 1 1/2 tablespoons frozen orange juice concentrate; 1/2 cup heavy cream; 1 teaspoon fresh tarragon; 1/2 teaspoon Kosher salt; 1/4 teaspoon pepper; 6 ounces fresh spinach | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat a skillet. Add 4 tablespoons of butter and sear scallops on both sides until golden. Remove and cover. Add remaining 4 tablespoons butter and saute shallots and jalapenos. Add sherry, deglazing the pan followed by the orange juice, cream, tarragon, salt and pepper. To Assemble: Place small spinach leaves in middle of plate. Top with thin, fried potato strips. Ladle sauce around and place seared scallops on top. Decorate each plate with mango slices and sprigs of fresh tarragon. Marinate the scallops in this mixture 4 hours or overnight. . <END>
INPUT: berry, pudding, Butter, eggs, milk, heavy cream, vanilla extract
OUTPUT: TITLE: Brioche and Berry Bread Pudding with Lemon Fondant | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Butter, room temperature; 4 eggs; 3/4 cup whole milk; 3/4 cup heavy cream; 1 tablespoon vanilla extract; 1 teaspoon lemon zest; 1/2 cup sugar, plus more for dusting and topping; 4 large slices brioche bread; 2 cups mixed berries (blueberries, strawberries, raspberries, blackberries), plus more for garnish; 2 cups powdered sugar; 2 tablespoons water; 2 lemons, zested and juiced | INSTRUCTIONS: Butter and sugar 6 (6-ounce) ramekins. In a medium bowl, whisk together the eggs, milk, cream, vanilla extract, lemon zest, and sugar. Combine well with a whisk - then let it settle so there are no air bubbles on the surface otherwise these will cause lumps in your anglaise. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Tear the brioche up into large pieces using your hands, add to the custard mixture and toss to combine. Equally divide the berries among the ramekins and top with the bread mixture. Gently press down so they are packed evenly. Sprinkle with more sugar, then refrigerate for 10 to 15 minute <END>
INPUT: cordial, Big chunk watermelon, agave syrup simple, mint leaves, wine vinegar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Watermelon Mint Cordial | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Big chunk of watermelon, about 1 pound, rind removed, cut into chunks; 1/4 cup agave syrup or simple syrup; 1/4 cup finely chopped fresh mint leaves; 2 tablespoons white wine vinegar | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine the watermelon, syrup, mint, and vinegar in a blender or food processor, and purée until smooth (though there still may be watermelon seeds and shards of mint floating around). Pour the mixture into a strainer set over a small bowl to remove the solid pieces. Gently lift and stir the mixture to help the liquid pass through, without forcing any solids through the strainer. Combine the watermelon, syrup, mint, and vinegar in a blender or food processor, and purée until smooth (though there still may be watermelon seeds and shards of mint floating around). Pour the mixture into a strainer <END>
INPUT: skillet, skinned potatoes, Kosher salt pepper, bacon, olive oil, chives
OUTPUT: TITLE: Crispy Skillet Potatoes with Bacon | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 pounds small red-skinned potatoes, quartered; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 3 slices bacon, chopped; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh chives | INSTRUCTIONS: Put the potatoes in a medium saucepan, cover with cold water and add a generous pinch of salt. Bring to a boil, simmer for 1 minute and then drain well and set aside. The potatoes will be cooked about halfway through. Cook the bacon in a large skillet over medium-low heat, stirring occasionally, until crisp, about 5 minutes. Transfer the bacon with a slotted spoon to a paper-towel-lined plate to drain. Add the olive oil to the skillet with the bacon drippings and increase the heat to medium. Add the potatoes cut-side down. Cook, turning occasionally until the potatoes are golden brown and cook <END>
INPUT: Italian, herbed, zucchini, unsalted butter, parsley leaves, thyme leaves, oregano leaves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Herbed Zucchini Noodles | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 2 large zucchini; 2 teaspoons unsalted butter; 1 tablespoon fresh parsley leaves, chopped; 1 tablespoon fresh thyme leaves, chopped; 1 tablespoon fresh oregano leaves, chopped; 1 teaspoon lemon pepper; 4 ounces egg noodles, cooked and drained; 1 teaspoon salt; 1 teaspoon pepper; 1 tablespoon Parmesan, freshly grated | INSTRUCTIONS: Carefully drag a vegetable peeler the length of the zucchini to create long strands. Discard centers with the seeds. Heat a large nonstick saute pan over medium heat with the butter. Add the zucchini and quickly toss to coat with the butter. Add parsley, thyme, oregano, and lemon pepper. Toss again and warm through, about 1 minute. Add the egg noodles. Toss once again until pasta is warmed through but zucchini remains crisp tender. Taste and adjust flavor with salt and pepper. Sprinkle with Parmesan. Toss again and serve warm. <END>
INPUT: sunny, hot Hungarian paprika, bourbon smoked sea, onion powder, pepper, double loin pork
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sunny's Coconut Milk Braised Pork Loin | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 teaspoons hot Hungarian paprika; 2 teaspoons bourbon-smoked sea salt (or any other smoked salt); 1 teaspoon onion powder; Freshly ground black pepper; One 3-pound double loin pork roast, tied together (each half is about 1 1/2 pounds); 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 4 apricots, pitted and sliced; 8 to 10 sprigs fresh thyme; 4 cloves garlic, smashed; One 4- to 6-inch stalk fresh rosemary; About 3 cups coconut milk; Salt, if needed; 1 cup chopped fresh parsley; 1 teaspoon lime juice | INSTRUCTIONS: For the rub and pork: In a small bowl, mix the paprika, smoked salt, onion powder and a few grinds of pepper. Rub the pork on all sides with the blend. Let the pork rest at room temperature for 1 hour. In a large Dutch oven on high heat, add the butter and olive oil. Once it begins to swirl, add the pork and allow it to sit and sear to a deep golden brown, then rotate and repeat on all sides, 3 to 5 minutes per side. Don't forget the ends! For the pot: Add the apricots around the edges of the pork and cook while moving around for a minute. Add the thyme, garlic, rosemary and enough coconut mil <END>
INPUT: blackened, Salt pepper, decaffeinated espresso coffee
OUTPUT: TITLE: Espresso Blackened Beef Tenderloin | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 (8-ounce) portions beef tenderloin; Salt and pepper; 2 cups decaffeinated espresso coffee beans (finely ground) | INSTRUCTIONS: Season beef with salt and pepper. Dip the top and bottom of the beef into the coffee beans. Place the beef, espresso-crusted end down, in super-hot, ovenproof cast iron pan. Sear all sides of the beef, saving the other espresso-crusted side for last. Place the un-seared side down in the pan and move into a 500-degree oven. Cook until desired temperature, 2 minutes being rare and 8 being well done (times will vary). Allow meat rest for a few minutes after cooking, as it allows the juices to spread out from the center where they've contracted during the cooking process.; <END>
INPUT: croquettes, flaked salmon, eggs, all purpose flour, onion, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Salmon Croquettes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups cooked and flaked salmon; 2 eggs; 1/4 cup all-purpose flour; 1 onion, chopped; 1 teaspoon black pepper; 1/2 teaspoon seasoning salt; 1 cup cornmeal; Nonstick cooking spray | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Mix all of the ingredients, except cornmeal, in a large bowl. Using your hands, form the salmon mixture into small balls, and then roll the balls in cornmeal. Spray a cookie sheet with nonstick spray, arrange the balls on the cookie sheet, and flatten each ball on the surface. Bake for 25 minutes or until browned. Serve hot. <END>
INPUT: shop, kittens, cake loaf, vanilla ice cream, Butterscotch chips chocolate
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pet Shop Ice Cream Cake Kittens | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: One 10.75-ounce store-bought pound cake loaf; 1 pint vanilla ice cream; Butterscotch chips and chocolate sprinkles, for serving | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: a 2-inch round cookie cutter and mini cupcake liners Cut the pound cake into 1 1/2-inch-thick slices. Using a 2-inch round cookie cutter, cut out 12 cake circles. Transfer the cake circles to mini cupcake liners; reserve the cake trimmings for another use. Working quickly, scoop vanilla ice cream onto each cake circle and make different kitten faces by using butterscotch chips for eyes and chocolate sprinkles for whiskers. Serve immediately or store in the freezer in an airtight container for up to 1 week. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, cod fillets, chili powder, oregano, salt, butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chili-Roasted Cod | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 3 pounds fresh cod fillets (about 3/4-inch thick), skin on; 1 teaspoon chili powder; 1/2 teaspoon dried oregano; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 2 tablespoons butter; 1/4 teaspoon ground cumin; 1 lime, juiced; Orange Sweet Potatoes, recipe follows; Minted Sugar Snap Peas, recipe follows; 4 large sweet potatoes, peeled and cut into 1-inch cubes; Salt; 1 orange, zested; 1 orange, juiced; 2 tablespoons butter; 1 pound sugar snap peas | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat oven to 350 degrees F. Lightly coat a roasting pan with vegetable cooking spray. Arrange the cod fillets skin-side down. Sprinkle with the chili powder, oregano, and salt. Roast 5 to 7 minutes or until the cod is just opaque and flakes when tested with a fork. Meanwhile, melt the butter in a small skillet over medium-low heat. Cook, swirling constantly, just until the butter begins to brown. Add the cumin and lime juice and continue to cook, swirling 1 minute longer. Remove the cod from the oven. Set aside half the cod for Day 3. Drizzle the cumin-lime butter over the remaining cod and se <END>
INPUT: American, bars, angel food cake, coconut, cream cheese, butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lemon Bars | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 16 ounces store bought angel food cake mix; 1 (22-ounce) can lemon pie filling; 1 cup finely shredded coconut; 8 ounces cream cheese, softened; 1/2 cup butter, softened; 2 1/2 cups powdered sugar; 1 teaspoon vanilla; Lemon zest, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Bottom Lemon Cake: In mixing bowl, combine cake mix, pie filling, and coconut. Stir until thoroughly mixed (do not add any liquid). Spread this mixture in a 10 by 15-inch baking pan. Bake for 30 minutes in a preheated 350 degree F oven. Cool. Top Creamy Frosting: Combine all ingredients until blended well. Frost the Bottom Lemon Cake. Garnish with sprinkles of lemon zest and cut into 1 1/2 by 2 1/2-inch bars. Cover and refrigerate overnight for better flavoring. <END>
INPUT: burst, corn, virgin olive oil, garlic, pepper flakes, heirloom cherry tomatoes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tagliatelle with Rock Shrimp, Corn and Burst Cherry Tomatoes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 ears corn, shucked; Extra-virgin olive oil, plus high quality extra-virgin olive oil; 3 cloves garlic, smashed; Pinch crushed red pepper flakes; 1 pint heirloom cherry tomatoes, assorted sizes and colors; 1 1/2 to 2 cups vegetable or chicken stock; Kosher salt; 1 pound fresh tagliatelle; 1 1/2 pounds rock shrimp, rinsed and picked through for shells; 1/2 cup grated Parmesan | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat a grill or broiler. Grill or broil the corn until it is dark brown on all sides. Cut the kernels off the cob and reserve. Once the kernels have been removed from the cob, run your knife along the cob to get any residual pieces of the kernels. Reserve. Coat a large wide pot, over medium-high heat, with olive oil. Toss in the garlic and crushed red pepper. When the garlic becomes golden and is very aromatic, remove it from the pan and discard. Toss in the cherry tomatoes and roll them around in the oil. Add 1 cup of stock and season with salt. Reduce the he <END>
INPUT: demi, assorted veal bones, veal leg, carrot, onion, celery
OUTPUT: TITLE: Veal Demi-Glacé | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 pounds assorted veal bones; 3/4 pound veal leg bone; 1/2 carrot, roughly chopped; 1 small onion, roughly chopped; 1 celery stalk, roughly chopped; 1 bouquet garni (see Chef's notes, below); Canola oil in kitchen-oil spritzer (See Chef's notes, below); 1/4 cup finely chopped shallots (about 1); 2 garlic cloves, finely chopped; 1/4 cup red Burgundy wine; 2 tablespoons dry sherry; 1 1/2 teaspoons ground black pepper; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 1 tablespoon cornstarch | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350°F. Spread bones, carrot, onion, and celery on rimmed baking sheet. Roast, tossing several times, until vegetables and bones have begun to take on color, about 1 hour. Transfer roasted vegetables and bones to 5-quart stockpot. Add 2 quarts (8 cups) water and bouquet garni and bring to boil. Reduce heat and simmer gently, uncovered, until liquid measures approximately 2 cups, about 2 hours. Remove and discard bones and bouquet garni. Strain out vegetables and reserve liquid (glace de viande). Use gravy separator to skim fat (or let cool, then refrigerate until fat has solidif <END>
INPUT: Italian, casarecce other short, Kosher salt, olive oil, onion, spicy Italian sausage
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pasta With Spicy Sausage, Radicchio, and Sun-Dried Tomatoes | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound casarecce or other short pasta; Kosher salt; 1/4 cup olive oil; 1 large onion, thinly sliced; 1 pound spicy Italian sausage, casings removed; 1 1/4 pounds radicchio, cored, coarsely chopped (about 7 cups); 1/2 cup thinly sliced drained oil-packed sun-dried tomatoes; Freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook pasta in a large pot of boiling salted water, stirring occasionally, until al dente. Drain pasta, reserving 3/4 cup pasta cooking liquid; return pasta to pot. Meanwhile, heat oil in a medium skillet over medium-high. Add onion and 1/4 tsp. salt and cook, stirring occasionally, until tender, about 5 minutes (do not brown). Add sausage and cook, stirring occasionally and breaking up sausage into small bits with a wooden spoon, until sausage is mostly cooked through, about 5 minutes. Add radicchio and 2 Tbsp. water. Cook, covered, until sausage is cooked through and radicchio is wilted, 3–5  <END>
INPUT: balsamic vinegar, Salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Marinated Roasted Red Peppers | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 large (about 2 pounds) red bell peppers; 1 tablespoon balsamic vinegar; Salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Lay peppers on their sides on racks of gas burners and turn flames on moderately high. Roast, turning frequently with tongs, until skins are blackened, 5 to 8 minutes. (Or broil on rack of a broiler pan about 4 inches from heat, turning frequently, 15 to 20 minutes.) Transfer to a bowl, then cover, and let steam 10 minutes. Alternatively, place peppers in resealable plastic bags to steam. Peel peppers and discard stems and seeds. Cut lengthwise into 1-inch-wide strips. In a bowl, place cleaned peppers. Douse with balsamic vinegar, salt, and pepper, to taste. <END>
INPUT: sandwiches, Olive oil, Kosher salt pepper, herbes de Provence, mayonnaise
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Pork and Fontina Sandwiches | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 (8-ounce) 1-inch thick, boneless pork loin chops; Olive oil, for drizzling; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 teaspoons herbes de Provence; 1/2 cup mayonnaise; 1/4 cup packed chopped fresh basil leaves; 2 teaspoons lemon zest; 1 teaspoon lemon juice; 1 (1 pound) loaf ciabatta or rustic bread, ends trimmed, cut in 1/2 horizontally; 4 romaine lettuce leaves, halved lengthwise; 4 ounces fontina cheese, cut into (1/4-inch thick) slices | INSTRUCTIONS: Put a grill pan over medium-high heat or preheat a gas or charcoal grill. Drizzle the pork chops on both sides with olive oil and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Sprinkle both sides with the herbs de Provence and grill for 10 minutes. Turn the chops over and cook until an instant-read thermometer inserted into the thickest part of the meat registers 160 degrees F. Transfer the chops to a cutting board and let them rest for 10 minutes. Slice each chop into 6 (1/4-inch thick) slices. In a small bowl, combine the mayonnaise, basil, lemon zest, and lemon juice until smooth. Season with salt <END>
INPUT: salad, plum tomatoes, olive oil, Salt pepper, squid, Vidalia onions
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Squid and Vidalia Onion Salad with Grilled Tomatoes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 plum tomatoes, halved; 1 tablespoon olive oil; Salt and freshly ground pepper; 8 whole squid, skinned and cleaned; 2 medium Vidalia onions, sliced 1/4-inch thick; 1/2 pound arugula; 1/2 pound frisee; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 6 mint leaves, cut into chiffonade | INSTRUCTIONS: Brush tomatoes with oil and season with salt and pepper. Grill until just soft. Brush squid and onions with olive oil and season with salt and pepper. Grill squid for 3 minutes on each side. Grill onions on both sides until tender. Toss greens with olive oil and lemon and season with salt and pepper. Arrange greens on a platter and top with squid and onions, tomato and mint. <END>
INPUT: sauce, vanilla bean ice, balsamic vinegar, water, Mission figs baby, canister real whipped
OUTPUT: TITLE: Vanilla Ice Cream with Balsamic Fig Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 pints vanilla bean ice cream; 1/3 cup balsamic vinegar, eyeball it; 1/2 cup water, eyeball it; 10 dried Mission figs or 20 baby Mission figs, chopped; 1 canister prepared real whipped cream from dairy aisle of market; Freshly grated nutmeg, to garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Place ice cream on counter to soften. In a small pot, combine vinegar and water and bring to a boil. Add figs and reduce heat to simmer. Stew figs in sauce until they are soft and sauce is thick and syrupy, about 12 minutes. Scoop ice cream into glass goblets or other dessert dishes and top liberally with hot balsamic fig sauce and whipped cream. Garnish the top of the whipped cream with a little freshly grated nutmeg. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, spiced, burgers, beans, onion, breadcumbs, bottled chunky salsa, cumin
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spiced Black Bean Burgers | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 15- to 16-ounce can black beans, rinsed, drained; 1/3 cup chopped red onion; 1/4 cup dry breadcumbs; 2 tablespoons plus 1/2 cup bottled chunky salsa; 1 teaspoon ground cumin; 1/2 teaspoon hot pepper sauce (such as Tabasco); Vegetable oil; 2 whole wheat hamburger buns | INSTRUCTIONS: Using fork, mash beans in medium bowl. Mix in onion, breadcrumbs, 2 tablespoons salsa, cumin and hot pepper sauce. Season with salt and pepper. Using moistened hands, shape bean mixture into two 3- to 4-inch-diameter patties. Prepare barbecue (medium-high heat) or preheat broiler. Brush barbecue rack with oil. Grill burgers until heated through, about 3 minutes per side. Grill cut sides of buns until lightly toasted, about 1 minute. Transfer burgers to bottom halves of buns. Spoon 1/4 cup salsa over each. Cover with tops of buns. Using fork, mash beans in medium bowl. Mix in onion, breadcrumbs <END>
INPUT: hungry, good, juice pineapple rings, fat free plain, granulated no calorie, cinnamon, vanilla extract
OUTPUT: TITLE: Hungry Grilled Pineapple with So-Good Cinnamon-Vanilla Yogurt Dip | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 16 fresh or packed in juice pineapple rings; 6 ounces fat-free plain Greek yogurt; 1 tablespoon granulated no-calorie sweetener (recommended: Splenda); 1/8 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1/8 teaspoon vanilla extract; Cinnamon sticks, for serving, optional | INSTRUCTIONS: Spray a grill or grill pan with nonstick spray and bring to medium heat. Lay pineapple rings flat and cook until slightly blackened and caramelized, about 3 minutes per side, flipping carefully. Set aside to cool. For the dip: Combine the yogurt, no-calorie sweetener, cinnamon, and vanilla extract in a bowl. Mix until thoroughly blended and smooth. If you like, chill for at least 10 minutes before dipping. Garnish with cinnamon sticks, if using. <END>
INPUT: Italian, vanilla wafer cookies, sugar, unsalted butter, basil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Basil-Mint Coconut Cream Pie | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 11-ounce box vanilla wafer cookies (about 45 cookies); 3 tablespoons sugar; 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted; 1 cup sugar; 1/4 cup packed fresh basil; 1/4 cup packed fresh mint; 2 large eggs; 1 1/2 cups heavy cream; 1/3 cup cornstarch; 1/4 teaspoon coconut extract; 1 13.5-ounce can unsweetened coconut milk; 3/4 teaspoon grated lime zest; Toasted shredded coconut, for topping | INSTRUCTIONS: Make the crust: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Pulse the cookies and sugar in a food processor until finely ground. Add the melted butter; pulse until moistened. Press the mixture into the bottom and up the side of a 9-inch pie plate. Bake until set, about 15 minutes; transfer to a rack to cool. Make the filling: Clean out the food processor. Pulse the sugar and herbs in the food processor until very fine. Whisk the eggs, 1/4 cup heavy cream, the cornstarch and coconut extract in a bowl until smooth; set aside. Combine the coconut milk, 1/4 cup heavy cream and all but 2 tablespoons of the  <END>
INPUT: Asian, mule, mint, piece candied ginger, Simple Syrup, lime juice, gin
OUTPUT: TITLE: Ginger Mule | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 8 sprigs fresh mint; 1 small piece candied ginger (about 1 inch in diameter), thinly sliced; 1/2 ounce Simple Syrup; 1 ounce fresh lime juice (about 1 lime); 2 ounces gin (such as Plymouth or Tanqueray); 1 ounce ginger beer (such as Fentimans); Garnish: fresh mint sprigs and candied ginger | INSTRUCTIONS: In cocktail shaker, muddle mint sprigs, candied ginger, simple syrup, and lime juice. Add gin, ginger beer, and ice, and shake vigorously. Fill highball glass with three or four large ice cubes. Pour in drink and garnish with mint and candied ginger. In cocktail shaker, muddle mint sprigs, candied ginger, simple syrup, and lime juice. Add gin, ginger beer, and ice, and shake vigorously. Fill highball glass with three or four large ice cubes. Pour in drink and garnish with mint and candied ginger. <END>
INPUT: mini, wellingtons, vegetable oil, mushrooms, unsalted butter, shallot
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mini Beef Wellingtons with Gorgonzola | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 8 (1 1/2-inch-thick, 6 ounce) center-cut filets mignons; 2 tablespoons vegetable oil; 8 large mushrooms (about 1/2 pound total); 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 2 tablespoons finely chopped shallot; 2 tablespoons minced garlic; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 large eggs; 2 puff pastry sheets (from a 17 1/4-ounce package frozen puff pastry), thawed; 1/2 cup Gorgonzola (about 5 ounces); 2 cup veal or beef demi-glace; 4 tablespoons Sercial Madeira | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat oven to 425 degrees F. Pat filets mignons dry and season with salt and pepper. Sear on both sides in saute pan with heated oil. Chill filets, covered, until cold, about 1 hour. Thinly slice mushrooms and in a heavy skillet cook in butter with shallot, garlic, and salt and pepper, to taste, over moderate heat, stirring, until mushrooms are lightly browned. Transfer mushroom mixture to a bowl to cool completely. In a small bowl lightly beat eggs to make an egg wash. On a lightly floured surface roll out puff pastry sheets into 2 (14-inch) squares. Trim edge <END>
INPUT: garlic bulbs, olive oil, kosher salt, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Garlic | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 8 large garlic bulbs; 1 to 2 tablespoons olive oil; Pinch kosher salt; Pinch black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Cut the top quarter off the top of the garlic bulbs. Place them in a pie pan and drizzle the tops with the olive oil. Sprinkle with salt and pepper. Cover them with foil and bake until the garlic is roasted and soft, about 45 minutes. <END>
INPUT: Indian, curry, plain yogurt, cornstarch, vegetable oil, cumin seeds
OUTPUT: TITLE: Vegetable Curry | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 1 (1-pound) bag mixed frozen vegetables; 2/3 cup plain yogurt; 1 teaspoon cornstarch; 2 tablespoons vegetable oil; 1 teaspoon cumin seeds; 1/2 teaspoon fennel seeds; 1/2 teaspoon mustard seeds; 1 teaspoon ground turmeric; 1/2 teaspoon onion powder; 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground coriander; 1/8 teaspoon freshly ground cinnamon; 2 medium cloves garlic, crushed; 3 dried red chiles, stems and seeds removed if less heat is desired; 1/4 teaspoon sugar; 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Poke several holes in the bag of frozen vegetables and microwave on high for 2 to 3 minutes or until thawed. Set aside. In medium mixing bowl, whisk together yogurt and cornstarch. Set aside. Heat oil in a 10-inch, non-reactive saute pan over medium-high heat. Add cumin seeds, fennel seeds and mustard seeds, cover pan with a splatter screen, and cook, stirring occasionally, until they begin to pop. Once they begin to pop, turn the heat down to medium, and add turmeric, onion powder, coriander, cinnamon, garlic, and chiles. Saute until garlic turns golden brown in color, approximately 3 to 5 mi <END>
INPUT: punch, cubed watermelon, sugar, bottles champagne, Ice block
OUTPUT: TITLE: Watermelon Champagne Punch | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 15 cups cubed and seeded watermelon; 3/4 cup sugar; 3 bottles champagne; Ice block | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine fruit, sugar and champagne. Mix in punch bowl over ice block. Serve immediately. <END>
INPUT: crusted, oven, buttermilk, lemon zest, lemon juice, olive oil, shallots
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cornmeal-Crusted Oven-Fried Chicken | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 cup buttermilk; 1 teaspoon freshly grated lemon zest; 1/3 cup fresh lemon juice; 1/4 cup olive oil; 2 shallots, minced; 1 tablespoon fresh thyme leaves; 2 teaspoons salt; 1 1/2 teaspoons cayenne; a 3-pound chicken, cut into 8 pieces; 3/4 cup yellow cornmeal; 1/2 cup fine dry bread crumbs; 1/4 cup freshly grated Parmesan; 2 tablespoons minced fresh parsley leaves; 1/2 teaspoon paprika; an egg wash made by beating 2 large eggs with 2 tablespoons cold water and 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large bowl whisk together the buttermilk, the zest, the lemon juice, the oil, the shallots, the thyme, 1 teaspoon of the salt, and 1 teaspoon of the cayenne, add the chicken, stirring to coat it with the marinade, and let it marinate, covered and chilled, stirring occasionally, for 3 hours or overnight. Preheat the oven to 425°F. In another large bowl combine the cornmeal, the bread crumbs, the Parmesan, the parsley, the remaining 1 teaspoon salt, the paprika, and the remaining 1/2 teaspoon cayenne. Remove the chicken from the marinade with a slotted spoon, letting the excess marinade dri <END>
INPUT: Asian, barbecue, Kosher salt, light sugar, slab pork belly, Vegetable oil, squares cornbread
OUTPUT: TITLE: Glazed Pork Belly With Ginger Barbecue Sauce | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: Kosher salt; 1 teaspoon packed light brown sugar; 1 1-pound slab pork belly, skin removed; Vegetable oil, for brushing; 4 squares cornbread; 1 tablespoon vegetable oil; 1 large onion, diced; 2 cloves garlic, chopped; 2 teaspoons minced peeled ginger; 1/2 teaspoon red pepper flakes; 1 cup ketchup; 1/2 cup apple juice; 3 tablespoons oyster sauce; 2 tablespoons apple cider vinegar; 1/2 teaspoon mustard powder | INSTRUCTIONS: Make the pork: Mix 2 teaspoons salt and the brown sugar in a bowl. Rub the pork with the brown sugar mixture. Cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate at least 4 hours, or overnight. Make the sauce: Heat the vegetable oil in a saucepan over medium heat. Add the onion and cook until soft, about 5 minutes. Add the garlic, ginger and red pepper flakes and cook, stirring, 2 more minutes. Add the ketchup, apple juice, oyster sauce, vinegar, mustard powder and 1/4 teaspoon salt. Bring to a simmer and cook, stirring occasionally, until the sauce is thickened, about 20 minutes. Let cool 15 minutes, the <END>
INPUT: dressing, salade, sherry vinegar, sea salt, pepper, Dijon mustard, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Green Salad with Oil and Vinegar Dressing (Salade Verte à la Vinaigrette) | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 teaspoons sherry vinegar; 1/4 teaspoon sea salt; Freshly ground black pepper; 1/2 teaspoon Dijon mustard; 1 small clove garlic, peeled, green germ removed, and minced; 1/4 cup (60 ml) extra-virgin olive oil; 7 ounces (210 g) mixed salad greens (8 cups, loosely packed), such as escarole, oak-leaf, and romaine, rinsed, patted dry, and torn into bite-size pie | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. Place the vinegar, salt, pepper, mustard, and garlic in a medium-size bowl and whisk together until blended. Slowly add the olive oil, whisking constantly, until the dressing is emulsified. 2. Add the greens and toss well until they are coated with the dressing. Season with pepper to taste and serve the salad immediately. 1. Place the vinegar, salt, pepper, mustard, and garlic in a medium-size bowl and whisk together until blended. Slowly add the olive oil, whisking constantly, until the dressing is emulsified. 2. Add the greens and toss well until they are coated with the dressing. Season  <END>
INPUT: filet beef, Dijon mustard, aged balsamic vinegar, kosher salt, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Balsamic Roasted Beef | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 1/2 pounds filet of beef, trimmed and tied; 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard; 1 tablespoon aged balsamic vinegar; 1 teaspoon kosher salt; 1 tablespoon coarsely cracked black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the oven to 500 degrees F. Line a sheet pan with aluminum foil. Place the beef on the sheet pan. Combine the mustard, vinegar, and salt in a small bowl. Spread the mixture on the filet and brush it evenly over the top and sides. Sprinkle the cracked pepper evenly all over the meat. Roast the filet for 30 minutes exactly for medium-rare (25 minutes for rare and 35 minutes for medium). Remove the pan from the oven, cover tightly with aluminum foil, and allow the beef to rest on the pan for 10 minutes. Slice and serve hot or warm. Note: This recipe was doubl <END>
INPUT: American, glaze, confectioners sugar, Sugar sprinkles, bakery shortbread sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cookie Glaze | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup confectioners sugar; Sugar sprinkles, such as hot pink or white, for decorating; 14 to 16 bakery shortbread or sugar cookies | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Mix the confectioners sugar with 2 tablespoons of water until it forms a thin smooth glaze. Spoon the glaze onto each cookie then decorate with the sprinkles. <END>
INPUT: French, crepe, grain wheat flour, buckwheat flour, quinoa, cinnamon, cardamom
OUTPUT: TITLE: Buckwheat Quinoa Crepe | CUISINE: French | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 cup whole-grain wheat flour; 1/3 cup buckwheat flour; 1/4 cup quinoa, cooked; 1/4 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1/4 teaspoon ground cardamom; 1/4 teaspoon ground ginger; 1 pinch ground nutmeg; 4 egg whites; 2 cups milk; 1 tablespoon honey; 1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract; 1/2 cup apple juice; 3 tablespoons lime juice; 1 cup strawberries, hulled and halved; 1 cup blackberries, washed | INSTRUCTIONS: Make the crepes: in a large bowl, combine the flours, quinoa, cinnamon, cardamom, ginger and nutmeg and whisk well to mix. In a small bowl, whisk the egg whites until frothy. Add the milk, honey and vanilla and whisk to mix. Pour the wet ingredients into the dry ingredients and stir with a wooden spoon or spatula, just until combined. Take care not to over mix or the pancakes will be tough. Cover and refrigerate the batter for at least 30 minutes. To prepare the sauce, in a saucepan add the apple juice and lime juice and simmer over low heat for 5 minutes. Add the berries and remove from the h <END>
INPUT: Asian, coconut oil, ginger, garlic, broccoli florets
OUTPUT: TITLE: Coconut Soba Noodles with Ginger Broccoli | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1 (9.5 ounces) package soba noodles; 2 teaspoons coconut oil; 1 teaspoon freshly grated ginger; 1 garlic clove, minced; 2 cups broccoli florets; 1 teaspoon salt; 1 (15-ounce) can light coconut milk; 2 tablespoons lime juice; 1 tablespoon chopped cilantro | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. Cook the soba noodles according to the package directions. Drain, rinse with cold water, and set aside. 2. Heat the oil in a small pot over medium heat. Add the garlic and ginger and cook for 1 minute. 3. Add the broccoli florets, salt and coconut milk, bring to a boil, reduce to medium and cook for 5 minutes. 4. Add the noodles to the coconut milk mixture and toss to thoroughly coat. 5. Sprinkle with the lime juice and cilantro and serve. 1. Cook the soba noodles according to the package directions. Drain, rinse with cold water, and set aside. 2. Heat the oil in a small pot over medium hea <END>
INPUT: fruit, sauce, sugar, water, cinnamon, orange
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Fruit Skewers with Sweet Yogurt Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 (10-inch) skewers; 1/2 cup brown sugar; 1/4 cup water; 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1/2 orange, juiced, plus remaining half zested, reserved from Chicken Satay recipe; 1 (20-ounce) can pineapple chucks, reserve the juice and 4 pieces for cocktail; 2 nectarines, cut into 1-inch chucks; 1 mango, peeled, flesh cut into 1-inch chucks; 1 (8-ounce) container vanilla yogurt | INSTRUCTIONS: If you are using wooden skewers, soak them in water for at least 30 minutes. In a small pot combine the brown sugar with 1/4 cup water, cinnamon and orange zest. Bring to a boil over medium heat. Remove from heat and set aside to cool to room temperature. Preheat the grill or grill pan over low heat. Thread 2 pieces of each type of fruit onto each skewer. Grill the skewers until the fruit is warm and lightly charred about 6 minutes giving the skewers a quarter turn every 1 1/2 minutes. Make sure to brush with the brown sugar syrup after each turn. While the fruit is grilling, make the dipping  <END>
INPUT: American, burger, reduced lowfat sharp, bison, jalapeño chile, lime zest, chili powder
OUTPUT: TITLE: Ranch Bison Burger | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 4 ounces reduced or lowfat sharp cheddar, divided; 1 pound lean ground bison; 1 small jalapeño chile, finely diced; 1 teaspoon grated lime zest, plus more for garnish; 1 teaspoon chili powder; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; Vegetable oil cooking spray; 4 sourdough rolls, split; Sliced red onion (optional); Lettuce (optional); Pickled jalapeño (optional); Light ranch dressing (optional) | INSTRUCTIONS: Cut 2 ounces cheddar into 1/4-inch dice; grate remaining 2 ounces cheddar. In a bowl, combine diced cheddar, bison, jalapeño, zest, chili powder, salt and pepper. Form bison mixture into four 3/4-inch-thick patties. Coat a grill rack or grill pan with cooking spray; heat over medium-high heat. Cook patties 5 minutes; flip and top each with 1/4 of grated cheddar; grill until internal temperature reaches 160°F, about 5 minutes. Place a patty on bottom of each roll. Garnish with zest and onion, lettuce, pickled jalapeño and ranch dressing, if desired. Top with other half of roll. *Can't find biso <END>
INPUT: roast, lemon, piece ginger, garlic, chicken, Salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roast Chicken | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 lemon; 1 3-inch piece of fresh ginger; 10 to 12 cloves fresh garlic, peeled; 1 3-to-4 pound whole chicken; Salt, preferably Hawaiian; Freshly ground black pepper; Olive oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 450°F. Wash lemon and ginger well, dry, and cut into slices. Remove the giblet pack and neck from the chicken. Rinse the chicken and pat dry with paper towels. Flip the wings back and tuck under the body. Season the inside cavity with salt and pepper. Fill the cavity with the lemon, ginger, and garlic. Fold the skin over to close the opening, and then tie the legs together with a piece of kitchen twine. Put the chicken into a shallow baking dish. Coat the skin all over with olive oil, then season with salt and pepper. Roast for 15 minutes and then lower the oven temperature <END>
INPUT: cakes, bittersweet semisweet chocolate, seedless raspberry preserves, eggs, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate-Raspberry Cakes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 8 ounces bittersweet or semisweet chocolate, coarsely chopped; 14 tablespoons (13/4 sticks) unsalted butter, diced; 2 tablespoons seedless raspberry preserves; 4 large eggs; 1/4 cup sugar; 1 tablespoon vanilla extract | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 325°F. Butter six 3/4-cup soufflé dishes or custard cups. Arrange dishes on baking sheet. Mix chocolate, butter, and preserves in saucepan. Stir over low heat until chocolate melts. Remove from heat; cool to lukewarm, stirring often, about 10 minutes. Whisk eggs, sugar, and vanilla in large bowl to blend well, about 1 minute. Gradually whisk in chocolate mixture. Divide batter among prepared dishes. Bake cakes until tester inserted into center comes out with some moist batter still attached, about 20 minutes. Let cool 30 minutes (centers may fall). Serve cakes warm or at room t <END>
INPUT: Italian, artichokes, garlic, olive oil, tomatoes, basil leaves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Stuffed Artichokes | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 6 large artichokes; 5 to 6 cloves garlic; 2 to 3 tablespoons olive oil; 3 pounds tomatoes; 3 tablespoons chopped fresh basil leaves; 3 tablespoons chopped flat-leaf parsley leaves; Salt; 1/2 tablespoon vinegar or lemon juice, optional; 2 to 2 1/2 cups coarse breadcrumbs from a good country loaf; 3/4 cup freshly grated Parmesan | INSTRUCTIONS: Trim off and discard the stems of the artichokes, leaving about 1/2 inch. Scrub the artichokes clean under running water. Using sharp scissors, cut 1/2 inch off the top of each leaf, and with a very sharp knife slice about 1-inch off the top of the artichoke. To a large kettle of boiling salted water, add 2 or 3 whole garlic cloves and 1 tablespoon of olive oil. Cook the artichokes, covered, for 45 to 55 minutes, or until tender. Remove them carefully with tongs or a big slotted spoon, and place them upside-down on a rack to drain as they cool. To make the filling, cut the tomatoes into 1/4-in <END>
INPUT: honey, thyme, assorted plums
OUTPUT: TITLE: Honey-Roasted Plums with Thyme and Crème Fraîche | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup (packed) dark brown sugar; 1/4 cup honey; 4 tablespoons (1/2 stick) unsalted butter; 1/2 cup fresh thyme sprigs; 6 large assorted ripe but firm plums (about 2 pounds), halved, pitted; Crème fraîche; Additional fresh thyme sprigs | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 475°F. Stir first 4 ingredients in large ovenproof nonstick skillet over high heat until butter melts. Cook 2 minutes, stirring constantly (mixture will bubble vigorously). Add plum halves, cut side down. Cook plums without stirring for 2 minutes. Turn plums over and transfer skillet to oven. Roast until caramel is deep brown, checking frequently to prevent burning, about 4 minutes. Divide plum halves among 6 plates. Spoon sauce from skillet over plums, leaving most of thyme sprigs behind. Drizzle plums with crème fraîche, garnish with additional thyme sprigs, and serve. Prehea <END>
INPUT: mango, pineapple, all purpose flour, roasted salted macadamia, sugar, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mango-Pineapple Tart with Macadamia Nut Crust | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cups all purpose flour; 1 cup roasted salted macadamia nuts; 1/3 cup sugar; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 10 tablespoons (1 1/4 sticks) chilled unsalted butter, cut into 1/2-inch cubes; 1 large egg yolk; 1 teaspoon (or more) water; 1/2 teaspoon almond extract; 1 1/2 cups whole milk; 1/2 cup whipping cream; 1 vanilla bean, split lengthwise; 6 large egg yolks; 1/2 cup sugar; 1/4 cup cornstarch; 3 1/2 teaspoons dark rum | INSTRUCTIONS: For crust: Blend first 4 ingredients in processor until nuts are finely ground. Using on/off turns, cut in butter until pea-size pieces form. Add yolk, 1 teaspoon water, and extract; using on/off turns, blend just until moist clumps form, adding more water by teaspoonfuls if dough is dry. Gather into ball; flatten into disk. Wrap in plastic and chill 3 hours. Roll out dough between 2 lightly floured sheets of waxed paper to 1/4-inch thickness. Peel off top sheet of paper. Invert crust into 11-inch round tart pan with removable bottom. Peel off paper; press dough into pan. Trim edges. Push crus <END>
INPUT: cream, light whipped topping, Champagne flavoring
OUTPUT: TITLE: Berries with Champagne Cream | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup light whipped topping (recommended: Cool Whip Lite); 1/4 teaspoon Champagne flavoring (recommended: LorAnn Gourmet); 1 (16-ounce) bag frozen mixed berries, thawed in refrigerator | INSTRUCTIONS: In a small bowl, stir together the whipped topping and Champagne flavor. Layer the berries and champagne cream in champagne flutes. Serve immediately. <END>
INPUT: belgian, waffles, all purpose flour, baking powder, baking soda, sugar, fine salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Belgian Waffles with Homemade Cinnamon Sugar Butter and Sauteed Cider Apples | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 3/4 cups all-purpose flour; 2 teaspoons baking powder; 1/4 teaspoon baking soda; 3 tablespoons sugar; 1/2 teaspoon fine salt; 3 large eggs; 1/2 cup (1 stick) unsalted butter, melted and cooled, plus more for waffle iron; 1 1/2 cups buttermilk; 2 cups apple cider; 1 tablespoon light brown sugar; 2 cinnamon sticks; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 2 Granny Smith apples, peeled, cored, and thinly sliced; 1 cup heavy cream; Pinch fine sea salt | INSTRUCTIONS: For the waffles: Preheat your waffle iron and brush the grate with butter. Whisk together the flour, baking powder, baking soda, sugar and salt in a medium bowl. Whisk together the eggs, melted butter and buttermilk in a small bowl. Add the wet ingredients to the dry ingredients and mix until just combined. Do not overmix. Set the batter aside at room temperature for 20 minutes. Cook the waffles according the manufacturer's directions until golden brown. Remove to a baking rack. Cut or tear each waffle into quarters. Top each quarter with some of the cinnamon sugar butter and sauteed apples. F <END>
INPUT: Asian, tartar, vinaigrette, ahi tuna, dashes hot pepper, fine chives, canola, Salt pepper taste
OUTPUT: TITLE: Ahi Tuna Tartar with Sesame Asparagus Vinaigrette | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 8 ounces #1 ahi tuna, finely diced; 2 dashes hot pepper sauce; 1 tablespoon fine chopped chives; 1 teaspoon canola; Salt and black pepper to taste; 1 bunch asparagus, blanched and refreshed; 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard; Juice of 1 lemon; 1 teaspoon sesame oil; 2 tablespoons canola oil; Salt and black pepper, to taste; 1 tablespoon toasted white sesame seeds | INSTRUCTIONS: In a chilled bowl, mix ingredients together. Mold tuna into small towers either using a pvc pipe, ramekin or cut out can. Cut 2-inch asparagus spears and save. Take the rest of the asparagus and roughly chop. In a blender, add 1/2 cup chopped asparagus with mustard and juice. Blend at high speed and add oils. Check for seasoning. Toss spears in vinaigrette. Place spears in a flat circle and top with tuna. Drizzle a little of the vinaigrette on the plate. Garnish with sesame seeds. <END>
INPUT: anson, mills, lamb shanks, Rounded kosher salt, olive oil, onion, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lamb Shank Ragù with Anson Mills Grits | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 pounds lamb shanks; Rounded 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt; 1/4 cup olive oil, divided; 1 cup chopped red onion; 2 large garlic cloves, chopped; 1/2 cup chopped plum tomatoes; 2 tablespoons finely chopped sun-dried tomatoes; 1/2 cup chopped celery; 1/2 cup chopped fresh oyster mushrooms or white mushrooms; 1/4 cup chopped fennel bulb; 1 teaspoon thyme leaves; 1/2 teaspoon hot red pepper flakes; 3 cups chicken stock or reduced-sodium chicken broth; 1 cup bourbon; 1/2 tablespoon cider vinegar | INSTRUCTIONS: Make ragù: Pat lamb shanks dry and season with kosher salt (rounded 1/2 teaspoon) and 1/4 teaspoon pepper. Heat 2 tablespoons oil in a 5-quart heavy pot over medium-high heat until it shimmers. Brown shanks on all sides, 6 to 7 minutes, then transfer to paper towels to drain. Add remaining 2 tablespoons oil to pot, then cook onion, garlic, plum tomatoes, sun-dried tomatoes, celery, mushrooms, and fennel with thyme, red pepper flakes, and 1/2 teaspoon pepper, stirring occasionally, until softened, 4 to 5 minutes. Return lamb shanks to pot with stock, bourbon, vinegar, Worcestershire sauce, soy  <END>
INPUT: sauce, fennel bulbs, onion, anchovy paste, virgin olive oil, fat free chicken
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sea Bass and Spicy Tomato Sauce Over Braised Fennel | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 large fennel bulbs, preferably with fronds (sometimes called anise; about 2 lb total), fronds reserved and stalks discarded; 1 large onion, halved lengthwise, one half cut lengthwise into 1/4-inch-thick slices and the other half chopped; 1/2 teaspoon anchovy paste; 2 1/2 teaspoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1 cup fat-free chicken broth; 1/4 to 1/2 teaspoon dried hot red pepper flakes; 1 (14-oz) can whole tomatoes in juice; 4 (5-oz) skinless sea bass fillets (3/4 inch thick), bones removed | INSTRUCTIONS: Chop enough fennel fronds, if using, to measure 2 tablespoons. Quarter fennel bulbs lengthwise, then cut lengthwise into 1/4-inch-thick slices. Cook fennel bulbs, sliced onion, and anchovy paste in 1 1/2 teaspoons oil in a 12-inch heavy nonstick skillet over moderate heat, stirring, until coated, about 1 minute. Season with salt and pepper, then add broth and braise, covered, stirring occasionally, until vegetables are tender, about 20 minutes. Remove lid and boil, stirring occasionally, until liquid is evaporated, about 10 minutes. Transfer fennel mixture to a 1 1/2-quart shallow gratin or ot <END>
INPUT: Indian, soup, olive oil, onions, garlic, carrots, celery
OUTPUT: TITLE: Barley and Lentil Soup | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons olive oil; 2 large onions, chopped; 4 garlic cloves, chopped; 3 carrots, sliced; 4 celery stalks, chopped; 1 red bell pepper, chopped; 8 oil-packed sun-dried tomatoes, drained, chopped; 2 teaspoons dried basil, crumbled; 1 teaspoon dried oregano, crumbled; 6 14 1/2-ounce cans (about) beef broth; 1 28-ounce can crushed tomatoes; 2 tablespoons tomato paste; 1 cup pearl barley; 1 cup lentils; Salt and pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat oil in heavy 4-quart saucepan over medium-high heat. Add onions and garlic and sauté until onions are translucent, about 10 minutes. Add next 6 ingredients. Cook until bell pepper just softens, stirring occasionally, 6 minutes. Mix in 5 cans broth, tomatoes and tomato paste. Bring mixture to boil. Stir in barley and lentils. Reduce heat and simmer until barley and lentils are tender, stirring occasionally, about 1 1/2 hours. Thin soup to desired consistency with remaining broth. Season with salt and pepper. Ladle into soup bowls and garnish with parsley if desired. Heat oil in heavy 4-qua <END>
INPUT: empanadas, picadillo, vegetable oil, beef chuck, salt, pepper, olives
OUTPUT: TITLE: Ground Beef Empanadas (Picadillo) | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon vegetable oil; 8 ounces ground beef chuck; 1/2 teaspoon salt; Pinch freshly ground black pepper; 1/2 cup drained green pitted olives, chopped; 1/2 cup raisins; 1 carrot, peeled and finely chopped; 1/2 white onion, finely chopped; 1 cup canned tomato puree or sauce; Nonstick cooking spray, for greasing; One 1-pound package frozen puff pastry; All-purpose flour, for dusting; 2 large eggs, beaten with 1 tablespoon water | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Heat the oil in a heavy saute pan over medium-high heat. Add the ground beef chuck and cook until browned, about 7 minutes. Season with the salt and pepper. Add the olives, raisins, carrots and onions and saute for just a couple minutes until softened. Add the tomato puree and simmer for 10 minutes. Turn the heat off and cool to room temperature before filling the empanadas. Grease a large baking sheet with some nonstick cooking spray. Unfold one sheet of puff pastry onto a lightly floured surface. Using a floured rolling pin, roll the pastry out to a 1/4- to <END>
INPUT: Italian, risotto, virgin olive oil, pancetta, shallots, garlic, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Risotto with Clams | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil; 4 ounces pancetta, diced; 2 shallots, chopped; 2 cloves garlic, chopped; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 1 cup Arborio rice; 1 cup plus 1/2 cup prosecco; 2 1/4 cups jarred clam juice or seafood broth; 1 pound New Zealand clams, scrubbed; 1/2 cup freshly grated Parmesan; 2 tablespoons butter, room temperature; 12 littleneck clams, shucked and chopped, juice strained; 1/4 cup Italian parsley leaves, chopped; 2 teaspoons grated lemon zest (2 lemons) | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat a Dutch oven over medium heat. Add the olive oil and pancetta and cook, stirring occasionally, until the pancetta is golden brown and crispy, about 5 minutes. Using a slotted spoon, remove the pancetta to a paper-towel-lined plate and reserve. To the pan with the pancetta drippings, add the shallots, garlic and salt. Cook until fragrant, stirring with a wooden spoon, 2 minutes. Stir in the rice and coat with all the flavors of the pan. Toast the rice for 2 minutes. Deglaze with 1 cup of the prosecco and cook, stirring constantly, until the liquid is almost entirely absorbed. Add 1 cup of  <END>
INPUT: American, sifted flour, salt, vegetable shortening, ice water, apples
OUTPUT: TITLE: Apple Pie | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 1/8 cups sifted flour; 1 1/4 teaspoons salt; 2/3 cup chilled vegetable shortening; 5 tablespoons ice water; 8 cups apples, peeled, cored and cut into eighths; 2 tablespoons lemon juice; 1 cup sugar; 1/4 teaspoon cinnamon; 1/8 teaspoon salt; 2 tablespoons flour; 2 tablespoons butter, cold | INSTRUCTIONS: Place flour and salt in bowl. Cut in shortening until it resembles coarse meal. Sprinkle ice water over surface (1 tablespoon at a time). Mix lightly until it holds together. Do not over-mix. Cut in half, wrap in plastic and keep in refrigerator until ready to roll. Put apples in large bowl and pour lemon juice over them. In another bowl add dry ingredients and then add to the apples. Assembly: Roll out 1 of the dough halves to an 1/8-inch thickness. Lay into pie pan with a little bit overlapping the sides. Put apple mixture into pie shell, mounding it higher in the center. Cut cold butter int <END>
INPUT: American, spiced, cream cheese, sour cream, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pumpkin Pie with Spiced Meringue Topping | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 (9-inch) deep-dish frozen pie crust; 4 ounces cream cheese, softened at room temperature; 1/2 cup sour cream; 1 (15-ounce) can pumpkin puree; 1/4 cup sugar; 1/3 cup packed light brown sugar; Pinch salt; 1 egg, plus 2 yolks, whites reserved for meringue topping; 1 teaspoon pumpkin pie spice; 1/4 cup milk; 2 large reserved egg whites, at room temperature; 1/4 cup sugar; 1 teaspoon pumpkin pie spice | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Put the frozen pie crust onto a baking sheet. Using a hand mixer beat the cream cheese and sour cream until smooth. Add the pumpkin and beat to combine. Add the sugars, salt, egg, egg yolks, spice and mix well. Stir in the milk and beat and until well incorporated and smooth. Pour the mixture into the pie crust and bake until set, about 40 to 50 minutes. Allow the pie to come to room temperature. For Meringue: Using a hand mixer beat the egg whites in a very clean glass or stainless steel bowl on high. When the whites are very foamy, begin to stream in about  <END>
INPUT: pudding, corn kernels, eggs, whipping cream, milk, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sweet Corn Pudding | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 cups frozen corn kernels (about 19 ounces), thawed; 4 large eggs; 1 cup whipping cream; 1/2 cup whole milk; 6 tablespoons sugar; 1/4 cup (1/2 stick) butter, room temperature; 2 tablespoons all purpose flour; 2 teaspoons baking powder; 1 teaspoon salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350°F. Butter 8x8x2-inch glass baking dish. Blend all ingredients in processor until almost smooth. Pour batter into prepared dish. Bake pudding until brown and center is just set, about 45 minutes. Cool 10 minutes; serve. Preheat oven to 350°F. Butter 8x8x2-inch glass baking dish. Blend all ingredients in processor until almost smooth. Pour batter into prepared dish. Bake pudding until brown and center is just set, about 45 minutes. Cool 10 minutes; serve. <END>
INPUT: stock, chicken bones, Spanish onions, celery, carrots, olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Rich Chicken Stock | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 pounds chicken bones, chopped; 3 large Spanish onions, quartered (skin left on); 1/2 head celery, coarsely chopped; 2 large carrots, coarsely chopped; 3 tablespoons olive oil; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 bay leaves; 1/4 cup whole peppercorns; Small bunch flat-leaf parsley, stems only; 6 sprigs fresh thyme | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 450 degrees F. Combine chicken bones, onions, celery, and carrots in a large roasting pan; toss with oil and season lightly with salt and pepper. Roast until the bones and vegetables are a rich golden brown, about 30 to 40 minutes. Transfer the bones and vegetables to a large stockpot, add 12 cups cold water, and the remaining ingredients and bring to a boil over high heat. Reduce the heat to medium and simmer for 4 hours, skimming the scum that rises to the top with a ladle every 20 minutes. Remove from the heat and strain through a mesh strainer into a clean pot. Place back o <END>
INPUT: Asian, unsulfured molasses, ginger, milk, half half, light rum
OUTPUT: TITLE: Molasses, Rum, and Ginger Milk Punch | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 cup unsulfured molasses; 2 teaspoons ground ginger, or to taste; 4 cups chilled milk; 2 cups chilled half-and-half; 1 cup light rum; 1/2 cup brandy; Garnish: freshly grated nutmeg for sprinkling the punch | INSTRUCTIONS: In a punch bowl whisk together the molasses and the ginger, whisk in the milk, the half-and-half, the rum, the brandy, and chill the punch, covered, for at least four hours, or until it is very cold. Serve the punch in punch glasses and sprinkle it with the nutmeg. In a punch bowl whisk together the molasses and the ginger, whisk in the milk, the half-and-half, the rum, the brandy, and chill the punch, covered, for at least four hours, or until it is very cold. Serve the punch in punch glasses and sprinkle it with the nutmeg. <END>
INPUT: American, poivre, peppercorns, fennel seeds, shell steaks
OUTPUT: TITLE: Steak au Poivre | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon black peppercorns; 1 teaspoon white peppercorns; 1 teaspoon dried green peppercorns; 1 teaspoon fennel seeds; 2 boneless shell steaks (3/4 pound each, about 1 1/4 inches thick); 1 tablespoon unsalted butter; 1 tablespoon vegetable oil; 3 tablespoons heavy cream; 2 tablespoons Cognac or brandy | INSTRUCTIONS: In a heavy-duty sealable plastic bag or between 2 sheets of wax paper crush peppercorns and fennel seeds coarse with bottom of a heavy skillet. Pat steaks dry and coat both sides with peppercorn mixture. In a 10-inch heavy skillet heat butter and oil over moderate heat until hot but not smoking and cook steaks for 4 to 5 minutes on each side for medium rare. Season steaks with salt and transfer to plates. Pour off excess fat from skillet and add cream and Cognac. Boil mixture, scraping up browned bits, until sauce thickens and coats back of spoon, about 1 minute. Season sauce with salt and spo <END>
INPUT: Asian, round, rolls, cabbage, Asian Sloppy Joes, Hearty Skillet Rice, scallions, Tomato Sauce
OUTPUT: TITLE: Round 2 Recipe Stuffed Cabbage Rolls | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1 small head green cabbage, from Asian Sloppy Joes, recipe follows; 1 cup Asian Sloppy Joes filling, recipe follows; 1 cup Hearty Skillet Rice, recipe follows; 2 scallions, thinly sliced; 1/2 cup Tomato Sauce, from Asian Sloppy Joes; One 15-ounce can tomato sauce; 1/4 cup low-sodium soy sauce; 1/4 cup light brown sugar; 2 tablespoons tomato paste; 2 tablespoons cider vinegar; 1 teaspoon chopped garlic; 1 teaspoon chopped ginger; 1 teaspoon hot sauce; 2 teaspoons canola oil; 1 medium yellow onion, diced | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Bring a large pot of water to a boil. Cut the core out of the cabbage and insert a long fork into the hole. Lower the cabbage into the boiling water. Remove 8 of the outer leaves as they fall off. Return the 8 leaves to the pot and cook for an additional 2 minutes to make them tender. Place them onto a sheet pan lined with a towel to cool and dry. In a bowl, mix together the Asian Sloppy Joes filling, Hearty Skillet Rice and scallions. Cut the tough bottom portion of the center rib out of each cabbage leaf. Place the leaf onto your work surface and put 2 tabl <END>
INPUT: Mexican, texas, beef brisket, mustard, dark sugar, paprika, chipotle chili powder
OUTPUT: TITLE: Texas Brisket | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 6 pounds beef brisket; 1 tablespoon yellow mustard; 1/4 cup dark brown sugar; 3/4 cup paprika; 2 tablespoons chipotle chili powder; 1/4 cup black pepper; 2 tablespoons garlic powder; 1/4 cup salt; 2 tablespoons onion powder; 1 tablespoon cayenne pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Trim the fat cap on the brisket to about 1/4 to 1/8 of an inch. Coat the brisket with a light coating of the yellow mustard. Mix the sugar and spices together to form the rub for the brisket. Apply the rub to both sides of the meat. Place the brisket in a preheated 194 to 205 degree F smoker until the meat reaches an internal temperature of 185 to 195 degrees F, about 1 1/2 hours per pound. Once the internal temperature is reached, remove the brisket from the smoker and allow it to rest for at least 30 minutes before slicing. <END>
INPUT: vinaigrette, Kosher salt, broccolini, good olive oil, balsamic vinegar, Dijon mustard
OUTPUT: TITLE: Broccolini and Balsamic Vinaigrette | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Kosher salt; 4 bunches broccolini (1 1/2 pounds); 1/4 cup good olive oil; 11/2 tablespoons balsamic vinegar; 1/2 teaspoon Dijon mustard; 1 teaspoon minced garlic; 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 1 lemon | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large pot, bring 8 cups of water and 2 tablespoons salt to a boil. Remove and discard the bottom third of the broccolini stems. If some stems are very thick, cut them in half lengthwise. Meanwhile, in a small bowl, whisk together the olive oil, balsamic vinegar, mustard, garlic, 1 1/2 teaspoons salt, and the pepper. When the water comes to a full boil, add the broccolini, return to a boil, and cook over high heat for 2 minutes, until the stalks are just tender. Drain well and place in a large bowl. Pour enough dressing over the broccolini to moisten and toss well. Splash with a generous s <END>
INPUT: American, salad, lemon juice, Dijon mustard, shallot, thyme, olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Baby Greens, Pear, Walnut, and Blue Cheese Salad | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard; 1 medium shallot, minced; 1 1/2 teaspoons chopped fresh thyme; 1/2 cup olive oil; 1 5-ounce bag mixed baby greens; 2 large ripe pears, halved, cored, thinly sliced lengthwise; 1 cup crumbled blue cheese; 1 cup walnuts, toasted, coarsely chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: Whisk first 4 ingredients in small bowl to blend. Gradually whisk in oil. Season dressing to taste with salt and pepper. Toss greens in large bowl with enough dressing to coat. Divide greens among 6 plates. Top with pear slices, dividing equally. Sprinkle with cheese and walnuts. Drizzle lightly with remaining dressing and serve. Whisk first 4 ingredients in small bowl to blend. Gradually whisk in oil. Season dressing to taste with salt and pepper. Toss greens in large bowl with enough dressing to coat. Divide greens among 6 plates. Top with pear slices, dividing equally. Sprinkle with cheese  <END>
INPUT: unpeeled baking potatoes, poblano chiles, avocados, olive oil, peppercorns
OUTPUT: TITLE: Stuffed Poblano Chiles with Avocado and Potatoes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 unpeeled baking potatoes, scrubbed; 6 poblano chiles, roasted and peeled; 3 avocados, peeled, pitted, and coarsely mashed; 3 tablespoons olive oil; 1/2 tablespoon black peppercorns, freshly ground; Fine sea salt to taste; 18 plump garlic cloves; 1 cup skim milk; 1 tablespoon olive oil; 1 1/2 cups water; 3 small cones piloncillo (Mexican raw sugar), crushed with a meat mallet, or 6 tablespoons packed dark brown sugar; 1/4 cup olive oil; 1 large yellow onion, halved, peeled, and thinly sliced; 2 cups cider vinegar; 1 teaspoon dried Mexican oregano | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. Put the potatoes in a medium saucepan and add lightly salted water to cover. Bring to a boil over high heat. Reduce the heat to medium-low and cook until the potatoes are tender about 30 minutes. Drain and let stand until cool enough to handle. Peel the potatoes and place in a medium bowl. Mash the potatoes, leaving them a bit lumpy 2. Make a lengthwise cut in each chile and remove the seeds. Combine the mashed potatoes, avocados, olive oil, and ground peppercorns in a medium bowl and season with the salt. Stuff the chiles with the potato mixture. Place in a 9-by-13-inch baking dish. Cover  <END>
INPUT: orange juice, granulated sugar, Grand Marnier, vodka, Orange flavored soda
OUTPUT: TITLE: Vodka and Orange | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 cups freshly-squeezed orange juice; 1/2 cup granulated sugar; 2 tablespoons Grand Marnier; 6 to 8 ounces vodka, cold; Orange-flavored club soda, cold, to top; 4 to 6 orange slices, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine the orange juice and sugar in a small saucepan and bring to a boil over high heat. Cook until reduced to 1 cup. Add the Grand Marnier and cook for 1 minute. Remove from heat and let cool to room temperature, then cover and refrigerate. (The orange syrup can be made up to 1 week in advance and stored in the refrigerator.) In each of 4 to 6 rocks glasses, stir together 2 tablespoons of the cold orange syrup and a shot of vodka. Add a scoop of ice and top off with club soda. Float a slice of orange on top of each drink and serve. <END>
INPUT: aioli, egg yolk, wine vinegar, Dijon mustard, grapeseed oil, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Artichokes with Roasted Garlic Aioli | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 egg yolk; 1 teaspoon white wine vinegar; 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard; 1 cup grapeseed oil; 1 head garlic, roasted*; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; Juice of 1 lemon; 12 baby artichokes (poivrade variety, which are the tiny ones); 1 to 2 lemons; Kosher salt; 2 to 3 tablespoons olive oil | INSTRUCTIONS: To make the aioli: Beat the yolk with the vinegar and mustard in a bowl. Whisk in the oil, drop by drop, to make a thick mayonnaise. Squeeze the garlic out of the roasted cloves into the mayonnaise and whisk smooth. Season the aioli with salt, pepper, and lemon juice, to taste. To prepare the artichokes: Trim the artichokes, rubbing with lemon as you go, until you are down to the core with a bit of stem attached. Halve. While you're trimming, bring a pot of water to the boil. Squeeze the juice of a lemon into it and salt it. Drop in the artichokes and cook until tender, about 10 minutes, depen <END>
INPUT: Mexican, lamb, meatballs, pasilla chiles, pepper flakes, cumin seeds, Sherry vinegar wine, sweet smoked paprika
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chile-Cumin Lamb Meatballs with Yogurt and Cucumber | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 3 pasilla chiles, seeds removed, chopped; 1 1/2 teaspoons crushed red pepper flakes; 1 tablespoon cumin seeds; 1/4 cup Sherry vinegar or red wine vinegar; 1 tablespoon sweet smoked paprika; 1 garlic clove, chopped; 1/2 cup olive oil; Kosher salt; 1/4 small onion, chopped; 8 garlic cloves, 7 cloves chopped, 1 clove finely grated; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh parsley; 1 teaspoon chopped fresh oregano; 1 teaspoon chopped fresh sage; 3/4 teaspoon fennel seeds; 3/4 teaspoon ground coriander | INSTRUCTIONS: Chile sauce: Toast chiles, red pepper flakes, and cumin seeds in a dry small skillet over medium heat, tossing occasionally, until fragrant and cumin seeds are golden, about 3 minutes. Let cool. Working in batches, finely grind in spice mill, then transfer to a blender. Add vinegar, paprika, and garlic to blender and blend until smooth. With motor running, gradually stream in oil and blend until combined. Transfer to a large bowl; season with salt. Do ahead: Chile sauce can be made 2 days ahead. Cover and chill. Toast chiles, red pepper flakes, and cumin seeds in a dry small skillet over mediu <END>
INPUT: macaroons, pure vanilla extract, kosher salt, egg whites, coconut, candy coated chocolates
OUTPUT: TITLE: Green and White Coconut Macaroons | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 teaspoon pure vanilla extract; Pinch kosher salt; 2 large egg whites; 2 1/2 cups sweetened shredded coconut; 1/4 cup green candy-coated chocolates | INSTRUCTIONS: Position a rack in the center of the oven and preheat the oven to 325°. Line a baking sheet with Reynolds® Parchment Paper or Reynolds® Cookie Baking Sheets. Whisk together the vanilla, salt and egg whites in a large bowl. Fold in the coconut and candies. Scoop rounded tablespoonfuls of dough and firmly squeeze them into balls. (Each ball should have about 3 candies in it; more might cause the ball to fall apart while baking.) Place the balls about 1-inch apart on the parchment-lined baking sheet. Bake until very lightly toasted, about 15 minutes. Let cool on the parchment sheet on a wire rack <END>
INPUT: sauce, olive oil, mixed peppercorns, kosher salt, shallots
OUTPUT: TITLE: 3-Peppercorn Bison with Tennessee Whiskey Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 (8 ounce) sirloin bison steaks, well trimmed; 1/4 cup olive oil; 1/2 cup mixed peppercorns, black, green and pink, coarsely ground; 2 tablespoons kosher salt; 2 tablespoons minced shallots; 1 tablespoon minced garlic; 2 tablespoons butter; 1 cup Tennessee Whiskey (Recommended: Jack Daniels); 1 cup veal stock; 1/2 cup cream; Salt; Pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: One hour prior to cooking, coat the steaks with oil and season liberally with the peppercorn mixture and salt. Grill or saute over high heat to your desired doneness, approximately 4 minutes on each side for medium rare. For the sauce: Sweat the shallots and garlic in the butter in a heavy bottomed saucepan on medium heat. Add the whiskey and reduce by half. Add the stock and cream and simmer for 5 minutes. Season, to taste, with salt and pepper. <END>
INPUT: scented, sugar, Citrus peel, Clear
OUTPUT: TITLE: Citrus-Scented Sugar | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: White or raw sugar; Citrus peel, some cut with a peeler and some with a zester; Clear jars, (with tops) such as mason jars | INSTRUCTIONS: Fill jars with sugar to a depth of 1/2-inch. Add some of the citrus peel then cover with another layer of sugar. Continue in this way, ending with the sugar about 1/4-inch from the top of the jar. Replace lid. Allow to sit for a few days so the citrus flavor infuses the sugar. <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, falafel, quinoa, Kosher salt, olive oil, garlic, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Black Bean and Quinoa Falafel | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup quinoa, well rinsed; Kosher salt; 2 tablespoons olive oil, plus more for oiling and drizzling; 4 garlic cloves, chopped; 2 cups chopped yellow onion; 1/2 teaspoon ground coriander; 1/2 teaspoon ground cumin; 1/2 cup chopped fresh cilantro; 1/2 cup chopped fresh parsley; 1/2 cup sun-dried tomatoes, cut into pieces; One 15-ounce can black beans, drained; Suggested toppings: arugula, avocado, chopped cilantro, mayonnaise | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Combine the quinoa, 1 teaspoon salt and 2 cups water in a small sauce pot. Bring the water to a boil, cover the pot and reduce the heat to a simmer. Cook until the water is all absorbed, 12 to 15 minutes. Transfer the cooked quinoa to a large bowl and set aside to cool. Heat the olive oil in a large saute pan, add the garlic and onions and cook over medium heat until tender and lightly browned. Stir in the coriander, cumin and a pinch of salt; cook 1 minute more. Remove from the heat and set aside to cool. Combine the cooled onion mixture, cilantro, parsley and s <END>
INPUT: sliders, dill pickle relish, grainy mustard, chives, honey, crisp apple
OUTPUT: TITLE: Ham, Apple and Cheddar Sliders | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup dill pickle relish; 2 tablespoons grainy mustard; 1 tablespoon thinly sliced fresh chives; 1 teaspoon honey; 1/2 to 1 crisp apple, such as Gala or Pink Lady; 1 tablespoon lemon juice; 12 Hawaiian sweet rolls, split; 4 ounces sharp Cheddar, sliced; 8 ounces thinly sliced Black Forest ham; 1 1/2 cups baby arugula | INSTRUCTIONS: Stir the relish, mustard, chives and honey together in a small bowl. Cut the apple off its core and thinly slice into half-moons. Toss the apples with the lemon juice to keep them from browning. Spread the rolls on both sides with the relish mixture. Build sandwiches with the Cheddar, apples, ham and arugula. <END>
INPUT: Italian, blintzes, strawberry, milk, water, eggs, all purpose flour, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Ricotta and Orange Blintzes with Strawberry Sauce | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup milk; 1/4 cup cold water; 2 large eggs; 1 cup all-purpose flour; 2 tablespoons sugar; Pinch kosher salt; 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, plus more to cook crepes; 1 1/2 cups ricotta cheese; 4 ounces cream cheese, softened; 1 large egg; 3 tablespoons confectioners' sugar; 1 orange, zest finely grated; 1 quart strawberries, hulled and sliced; 1/4 cup sugar; 1/4 cup water | INSTRUCTIONS: Make the batter: Combine the milk, water, eggs, flour, sugar, and salt in a blender. Blend on medium speed for 15 seconds, until the batter is smooth and lump-free. Scrape down the sides of the blender and pour in the melted butter. Blend it again for a few seconds just to incorporate the butter. Refrigerate the batter for 1 hour to let it rest. Make the filling: In a small bowl combine the ricotta cheese, cream cheese, egg, confectioners' sugar, and zest and blend until smooth. Chill until ready to use. Make the sauce: Combine the strawberries, sugar, water, cornstarch, and zest in a small po <END>
INPUT: sangria, lemon, cucumber, orange curaçao liqueur, simple syrup more
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cucumber-Vermouth Sangria | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 lemon, thinly sliced, plus more for garnish; 1 cucumber, thinly sliced, plus more for garnish; 1 (750-milliliter) bottle dry vermouth such as Dolin; 1 ounce blue or orange curaçao liqueur; 1 ounce simple syrup or more to taste; 1 ounce lemon juice; 2 ounces dry gin; 2 cups cold sparkling water; 1/2 to 1 ounce Maraschino liqueur (optional); Mint for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large pitcher, combine the lemon slices, cucumber slices, and vermouth. Stir gently then cover and refrigerate for at least 2 hours and up to 4 hours. When ready to serve, add the curaçao, simple syrup, lemon juice, gin, sparkling water, and Maraschino liqueur, if using. Carefully fill the pitcher with ice and stir to combine. Garnish glasses with mint, plus additional lemon and cucumber slices. In a large pitcher, combine the lemon slices, cucumber slices, and vermouth. Stir gently then cover and refrigerate for at least 2 hours and up to 4 hours. When ready to serve, add the curaçao, si <END>
INPUT: kung, vegetable stock, cornstarch, hoisin sauce, ketchup, light soy sauce
OUTPUT: TITLE: Kung Po Chicken | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 7 tablespoons cold vegetable stock; 1 tablespoon cornstarch; 1 tablespoon hoisin sauce; 1 tablespoon ketchup; 1 tablespoon light soy sauce; 1 tablespoon Chinkiang black rice vinegar or balsamic vinegar; 1 teaspoon chili sauce; 2 skinless chicken breasts or 4 thighs, cut into 1/2-inch slices; Salt and ground white pepper; 1 tablespoon potato flour or cornstarch; 1 tablespoon peanut oil; 2 tablespoons Sichuan peppercorns; 4 dried red chiles; 1 tablespoon Shaohsing rice wine or dry sherry; 1 red bell pepper, seeded and cut into chunks | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Special equipment: a wok For the sauce: Add the vegetable stock, cornstarch, hoisin sauce, ketchup, soy sauce, vinegar and chili sauce to a medium bowl and stir to combine. For the chicken: Place the chicken in a bowl and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Add the potato flour or cornstarch and mix well to coat the chicken pieces. Heat a wok over high heat until it starts to smoke and then add the peanut oil. Add the Sichuan peppercorns and dried chiles and fry for a few seconds, then add the chicken pieces and stir-fry for 2 minutes. As the chicken begins to turn op <END>
INPUT: Italian, pecans, angel hair pasta, virgin olive oil, garlic, chili flakes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Angel Hair with Lemon, Kale, and Pecans | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup pecans; 1 pound angel hair pasta; 1/2 cup extra virgin olive oil, divided; 4 cloves garlic, minced; 1/2 teaspoon dried chili flakes; 1/2 pound kale, stems discarded and chopped; Zest of 1 lemon; Juice of 1 lemon; 8 basil leaves, torn; 2 teaspoons kosher salt; 2 teaspoons freshly ground black pepper; 4 tablespoons grated Parmesan | INSTRUCTIONS: Toast pecans in a dry nonstick skillet over medium heat for 3 minutes until fragrant. Remove from skillet and chop. Set aside. Add 1 teaspoon of salt to a pot of water and bring to a boil. Cook the pasta for 1 minute less than the package instructs. While the pasta is cooking, heat 1/4 cup olive oil over medium-high heat in a large nonstick skillet until shimmering. Add the garlic and chili flakes and stir for 30 seconds until fragrant. Add kale and lemon zest and cook for 2 minutes more. Stir carefully so that the kale will not fall out of the pan. Add the pasta, remaining olive oil, lemon ju <END>
INPUT: bacon, onions, Granny Smith apples, wine vinegar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Calf's Liver with Apples and Onions | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 slices of lean bacon; 1/2 stick (1/4 cup) unsalted butter; 2 large onions, sliced thin; 3 Granny Smith apples; 2 tablespoons white-wine vinegar; 1 teaspoon sugar; 1/4 cup dry white wine; 1 1/2 pounds calf's liver, sliced 1/3 inch thick and cut into 2- by 1-inch strips; finely chopped fresh parsley leaves plus additional sprigs for garnish; lemon wedges for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large skillet cook the bacon over moderate heat until it is crisp, transfer it to paper towels to drain, and pour off all but 2 tablespoons of the fat. To the fat remaining in the skillet add 2 tablespoons of the butter and cook the onions in the fat over moderate heat, stirring occasionally, until they are softened and light golden. Add the apples, cored and cut into eighths, and cook the mixture until the apples are light golden. Add the vinegar, the sugar, and the wine, bring the mixture to a boil, and boil it for 3 minutes, or until it is thickened. Transfer the mixture to a heated pl <END>
INPUT: Italian, pesto, firmly pimiento stuffed, pine nuts, garlic, parsley leaves, virgin olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Green Olive Pesto | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup firmly packed drained pimiento-stuffed green olives, rinsed well and patted dry; 1/3 cup pine nuts; 1 garlic clove, minced and mashed to a paste with 1/4 teaspoon salt; 1 cup finely chopped fresh parsley leaves; 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 2 tablespoons freshly grated Parmesan | INSTRUCTIONS: In a food processor purée the olives with the pine nuts, the garlic paste, and the parsley, with the motor running add the oil in a stream and the Parmesan, and blend the mixture well. Serve the pesto with 1 pound pasta, cooked and drained, reserving 3/4 cup of the pasta liquid to thin the pesto. Or serve the pesto as a spread with crackers. In a food processor purée the olives with the pine nuts, the garlic paste, and the parsley, with the motor running add the oil in a stream and the Parmesan, and blend the mixture well. Serve the pesto with 1 pound pasta, cooked and drained, reserving 3/4 c <END>
INPUT: Mexican, salsa, tomatillos, jalapeno chiles, water, onion, cilantro
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tomatillo Salsa | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 pound tomatillos, husked, washed and cut into quarters; 1 to 2 large jalapeno chiles, stemmed, seeded and roughly chopped; 1/4 cup cold water; 1/2 small onion, cut in half; 1 bunch cilantro, stems and leaves; 1 teaspoon coarse salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Place the tomatillos, jalapenos and water in a blender or a food processor fitted with the metal blade. Puree just until chunky. Then add the remaining ingredients and puree about 2 minutes more, or until no large chunks remain. This salsa keeps in the refrigerator, in a covered container, about 3 days. <END>
INPUT: caramel, sauce, navel orange, unsalted butter, Grand Marnier other, sugar, strawberries
OUTPUT: TITLE: Strawberries in Orange and Caramel Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 large navel orange; 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, cut into 4 pieces; 1/4 cup Grand Marnier or other orange-flavored liqueur; 1/2 cup sugar; 1 lb small strawberries, trimmed (3 cups); mascarpone or Greek yogurt | INSTRUCTIONS: Grate zest from orange into a small bowl, then squeeze juice into bowl. Add butter, liqueur, and a pinch of salt. Heat sugar in a dry 10-inch heavy skillet over medium heat, stirring with a fork to heat sugar evenly, until it starts to melt, then stop stirring and cook, swirling skillet occasionally so sugar melts evenly, until it is dark amber. Remove from heat and immediately add orange-juice mixture. Boil, stirring, until caramel has dissolved and sauce is slightly thickened, about 2 minutes. Add strawberries and cook, stirring, until heated through, about 1 minute. Serve immediately. Grate <END>
INPUT: light cream cheese, dill leaves, herb tortilla wraps, butter lettuce leaves, turkey breast from
OUTPUT: TITLE: Herb Turkey Wrap | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons light cream cheese; 2 teaspoons minced fresh dill leaves; 4 herb tortilla wraps; 8 butter lettuce leaves; 12 ounces sliced turkey breast from deli counter; 1 tomato, thinly sliced; 1/2 avocado, sliced; 1 cup bean sprouts | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine cream cheese and dill in a small bowl. Spread 1/2 tablespoon of cream cheese mixture on each wrap and top with 2 lettuce leaves. Stack 3 ounces of turkey on the lettuce and then place 2 tomato slices on each stack of turkey. Divide the avocado slices evenly among the wraps and place on top of the tomato slices. Divide bean sprouts evenly among the wraps and place on top of the avocado. Fold bottom of wrap toward the top of the wrap and then roll until filling is encased in wrap. Serve immediately. <END>
INPUT: American, dressing, wild rice, Kosher salt, unsalted butter, Spanish style chorizo, Spanish onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Wild Rice and Goat Cheese Dressing | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 cup wild rice; Kosher salt; 5 tablespoons unsalted butter, plus extra for greasing the dish; 3/4 pound Spanish-style chorizo, diced (order from Dartagnan) (it's not raw or totally cured and cooked...it's kind of in between); 1 1/4 cups diced Spanish onion; 1/2 cup diced carrots; 1/2 cup diced celery; 3 cloves garlic, finely chopped; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh thyme; 6 cups day-old country-style bread, cut into 1/2-inch cubes; 1/2 cup chopped fresh flat leaf parsley; 3-5 cups homemade chicken stock; 1 large egg, lightly beaten; 6 ounces goat cheese, cut into small pieces; Freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine the rice, 4 cups water and 1 tablespoon of salt in a large saucepan, cover and bring to a boil over high heat and cook until the grains open all the way, about 1 1/4 to 1 1/2 hours. The rice should be very cooked (not even the slightest chewy). Drain well, place in a large bowl and set aside. Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Butter a 13x9x2 -inch baking dish. Heat 1 tablespoon of the butter in a medium saute pan over high heat. Add the chorizo and cook until golden brown. Remove the sausage with a slotted spoon to a plate lined with paper towels. Melt the remaining butter in a large  <END>
INPUT: turrone, dark chocolate chips, coconut oil, cinnamon, kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Turrone de Coco | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Nonstick cooking spray, for spraying the pan and parchment; 7 ounces dark chocolate chips; 2 tablespoons coconut oil; 1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1/4 teaspoon kosher salt; 3 cups finely shredded unsweetened coconut; One 14-ounce can sweetened condensed milk | INSTRUCTIONS: Grease an 8-inch baking pan with cooking spray and line with parchment paper, allowing overhang on all sides, then grease the paper. Put the chocolate in a heatproof mixing bowl and set over a pot of gently simmering water. Heat, stirring constantly, until the chocolate is completely melted. Off heat, stir in the coconut oil, cinnamon and salt. Pour half of the chocolate into the bottom of the pan, spread evenly with a small offset spatula and place in the freezer for 10 minutes to set. Reserve the remaining chocolate. In a medium-size heavy saucepan, combine the shredded coconut, condensed mi <END>
INPUT: Italian, salad, Pinto beans, very pasta shells, Olive oil, Poblano chiles, peppers
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pinto Bean Salad with Roasted Peppers and Pasta Shells | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 cup dried Pinto beans, washed and picked over; 1 1/2 cups very small pasta shells; Olive oil; 2 Poblano chiles, roasted, peeled, seeded and diced; 2 red peppers, roasted, peeled, seeded and diced; 1 teaspoon coarse salt; 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 1/2 bunch oregano leaves, washed and chopped roughly; 1/4 cup red wine vinegar; 1/2 cup olive oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Place the beans in a large pot and cover generously with water. Bring to a boil. Reduce the heat to medium low and cook, covered, until the beans are creamy inside, but not mushy, about 1 to 1 1/2 hours. Drain beans and transfer to a large bowl to cool. Cook shells in rapidly boiling salted water. When done, drain in a colander, then spread shells on a cookie sheet to allow steam to escape. Drizzle with a tiny bit of olive oil. When cool, combine pasta with the pinto beans. Add peppers. In a small bowl, combine the remaining ingredients. Drizzle dressing over salad and toss gently to combine.  <END>
INPUT: gumbo, vegetable oil, all purpose flour, water, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Shrimp Gumbo | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 ounces vegetable oil; 4 ounces all-purpose flour; 1 1/2 pounds raw, whole, head-on medium-sized (31-50 count) shrimp; 2 quarts water; 1 cup diced onion; 1/2 cup diced celery; 1/2 cup diced green peppers; 2 tablespoons minced garlic; 1/2 cup peeled, seeded and chopped tomato; 1 tablespoon kosher salt; 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 1 teaspoon fresh thyme, chopped; 1/4 teaspoon cayenne pepper; 2 bay leaves; 1/2 pound andouille sausage, cut into 1/4-inch pieces and browned | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Place the vegetable oil and flour into a 5 to 6-quart cast iron Dutch oven and whisk together to combine. Place on the middle shelf of the oven, uncovered, and bake for 1 1/2 hours, whisking 2 to 3 times throughout the cooking process. While the roux is baking, de-head, peel and devein the shrimp. Place the shrimp in a bowl and set in the refrigerator. Place the heads and shells in a 4-quart saucepan along with the 2 quarts of water, set over high heat and bring to a boil. Decrease the heat to low and simmer for 1 hour or until  <END>
INPUT: Mexican, bread, cornmeal, all purpose flour, sugar, baking powder, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Corn Bread and Sausage Stuffing | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups yellow cornmeal; 2 cups all purpose flour; 1/2 cup sugar; 2 tablespoons baking powder; 2 teaspoons salt; 2 cups milk (do not use nonfat); 2/3 cup vegetable oil; 2 large eggs; 1 pound chorizo sausage, casings removed; 2 1/4 cups chopped onions; 2 red bell peppers, chopped; 1 fresh Anaheim chili, chopped; 1/4 cup chopped fresh cilantro; 1 1/2 teaspoons dried oregano; 2/3 cup (about) canned low-salt chicken broth | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 400°F. Butter 13x9x2-inch glass baking dish. Combine first 5 ingredients in large bowl. Whisk milk, oil and eggs in medium bowl to blend. Add milk mixture to dry ingredients and stir just until blended. Transfer batter to prepared dish. Bake until tester inserted into center comes out clean, about 25 minutes. Cool. (Can be prepared 1 day ahead. Cover and let stand at room temperature.) Preheat oven to 375°F. Cut enough corn bread into 1/2-inch cubes to measure 12 cups (reserve remaining bread for another use). Transfer to baking sheet. Bake until bread cubes are dry but not har <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, salad, vinaigrette, beets, wine vinegar, shallots, fennel seeds, olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Quinoa Salad with Beets and Fennel Vinaigrette | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 6 beets, trimmed; 1/4 cup red wine vinegar; 1/4 cup minced shallots; 2 teaspoons fennel seeds, crushed; 3/4 cup olive oil; 1 1/2 cups quinoa; 3 cups crumbled feta cheese; 1 fennel bulb, trimmed, thinly slice; 2 cups chopped fresh arugula | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook beets in large saucepan of boiling water until tender, about 45 minutes. Drain. Cool. Peel beets. Cut beets into thin wedges. Place in medium bowl. Whisk vinegar, shallots and fennel seeds in small bowl. Gradually whisk in olive oil. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Drizzle 1/4 cup vinaigrette over beets; toss to coat. Cook quinoa in large pot of boiling salted water until tender, about 10 minutes. Drain well. Rinse with cold water and drain again. Place quinoa in large bowl. Add cheese, fennel and arugula and mix gently. Add remaining dressing and toss to coat. Transfer salad to lar <END>
INPUT: Italian, cannelloni, Spicy Tomato Sauce, unsalted butter, all purpose flour, milk, square rectangular
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cod Cannelloni with Swiss Chard and Roasted Pepper | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups Spicy Tomato Sauce; 3 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1/4 cup all-purpose flour; 1 cup milk; 4 large square or 8 small rectangular sheets of instant (no-boil) lasagne; 2 cups flaked cooked cod (such as from Roast Cod with Potatoes, Onions and Olives; 1 1/2 cups Swiss Chard with Roasted Pepper; 1/3 cup chopped fresh basil leaves plus basil sprigs for garnish; Freshly grated Parmesan as an accompaniment | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350°F. Spread the tomato sauce in the bottoms of 4 individual gratin dishes or in the bottom of a shallow baking dish just large enough to hold 8 cannelloni in one layer. In a saucepan melt the butter over moderately low heat, whisk in the flour, and cook the roux, whisking, for 3 minutes. Add the milk in a stream, whisking, simmer the béchamel, whisking constantly, for 2 minutes, and season it with salt and pepper. Transfer the béchamel to a bowl and let it cool, covered. In a pan of hot water let the sheets of lasagne soak for 10 to 15 minutes, or until they are softened. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, granita, lime juice, sugar, water, Candied lime zest, limes zested
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lime Granita and Candied Lime Zest | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup of freshly squeezed lime juice; 1 cup sugar; 2 cups of water; Candied lime zest, recipe follows; 5 limes zested; 1 cups water; 1/2 cup sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: Put all ingredients except lime zest in a pot and bring to a boil. Strain and pour into shallow pan. Place in freezer and every twenty minutes stir with a fork until ice crystals form and it is nice and fluffy. Candied lime zest: Cover the zest with cold water and bring to a boil. Strain zest and repeat process 3 times. After the fourth time add 1 cup water and 1/2 cup sugar and cook slowly until zest is soft. Remove zest to parchment paper and cool. Use as a garnish for the granita. <END>
INPUT: custard, milk, eggs, egg yolks, sugar, vanilla extract
OUTPUT: TITLE: Easy Egg Custard | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups whole milk; 2 eggs (preferably free-range); 2 egg yolks; 1/3 cup sugar; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; Freshly grated or ground nutmeg | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. Preheat oven to 300°F. 2. Place six 4-ounce ovenproof cups (you can use ramekins, or coffee cups marked as oven-safe) in a deep baking pan just large enough to hold them. 3. In a medium saucepan, bring the milk to a simmer over medium-low heat. 4. Meanwhile, in a separate bowl, whisk together the eggs, yolks, sugar, and vanilla. 5. Slowly pour the egg mixture into the simmering milk, whisking gently to combine. 6. Pour the mixture through a fine strainer into the cups (if the strainer clogs, use a spoon to scrape it clean), then sprinkle lightly with the nutmeg. 7. Pour hot (not boiling) wa <END>
INPUT: strawberry, sorbet, water, sugar, lemon juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Rhubarb with Rose Water and Strawberry Sorbet | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 cup water; 3/4 cup sugar; 2 (1-pound) packages frozen whole strawberries (not in syrup), thawed; 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 3/4 cup sugar; 1 1/2 teaspoons potato starch; 1 1/2 pounds rhubarb stalks, cut diagonally into 2-inch pieces; 3/4 teaspoon rose water; Equipment: an ice cream maker; Accompaniment: lemon-almond tuiles | INSTRUCTIONS: Make sorbet: Cook water and sugar in a small heavy saucepan over medium heat, stirring, until sugar has dissolved. Remove from heat and cool syrup completely. Purée strawberries with syrup in a food processor until smooth, then force through a fine-mesh sieve into a bowl and stir in lemon juice. If mixture isn't already cold, quick-chill by putting bowl in an ice bath and stirring occasionally for about 15 minutes. Freeze mixture in ice cream maker, then transfer to an airtight container and put in freezer to harden, at least 3 hours. Cook water and sugar in a small heavy saucepan over medium  <END>
INPUT: Smucker's Chunky Natural, light salad dressing, lowfat sour cream, curry powder
OUTPUT: TITLE: Turkey Salad with Orange Peanut Dressing | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 (10.25 oz.) jar Smucker's® Sweet Orange Low Sugar Marmalade, (1 cup); 1/3 cup Smucker's Chunky Natural Peanut Butter, stirred; 1/4 cup light salad dressing; 1/4 cup lowfat sour cream; 1/2 teaspoon curry powder; 1 cup prepared julienne-cut carrots; 1/2 cup dried cranberries; 1 pound fully cooked smoked turkey from deli, sliced 1/2-inch thick, cut into 1/2-inch cubes; 1 cup diced Granny Smith apples; 1 head Boston or Bibb lettuce, with leaves separated | INSTRUCTIONS: For Orange Peanut Dressing: COMBINE marmalade, peanut butter, salad dressing, sour cream and curry powder in a mixing bowl until well blended. For Turkey Salad: ADD carrots, cranberries, turkey and apples to Orange Peanut Dressing in mixing bowl; stir well to combine. At this point salad can be made ahead and held overnight in the refrigerator. To serve: FORM a lettuce cup using one or two lettuce leaves; place on salad plate. Fill with 1/2 cup turkey salad. Repeat to make 5 servings. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, souffled, pudding, all purpose flour, half half, Beltane Farm chevre, egg yolks
OUTPUT: TITLE: Beltane Farm Chevre Souffled Pudding with Carrot and Cumin Sauce | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 8 tablespoons (1 stick) butter, plus more for greasing ramekins; 1/2 cup all-purpose flour; 2 cups half-and-half; 8 ounces Beltane Farm fresh chevre, plus more for garnish; 8 large egg yolks, at room temperature; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 10 large egg whites, at room temperature; Pinch cream of tartar; 1/2 cup heavy cream, divided; Carrot and Cumin Sauce, recipe follows; Chopped fresh chives, for garnish; 1 pound carrots; 1 yellow onion; 2 cloves garlic; 4 tablespoons (1/2 stick) butter | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Butter 8 (4 by 2 1/2-inch) ramekins. Melt the butter in a medium saucepan over low heat. Add the flour, stirring constantly until completely incorporated. Slowly stir in the half-and-half. Cook for about 2 minutes whilst stirring with a wire whisk until thickened and smooth. Add the chevre and stir until melted. Remove from the heat and beat in the egg yolks, 1 at a time. Transfer to a large bowl and sprinkle with salt and black pepper (the mixture should be slightly over seasoned). In a medium bowl, beat the egg whites and cream of tartar with an electric mi <END>
INPUT: virgin olive oil, bacon, chicken, salt, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spicy Chocolate Chicken | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 4 ounces bacon, diced; One 3-pound chicken, cut into 8 pieces; 1 1/2 teaspoons salt; 1 onion, chopped; 2 carrots, peeled and chopped; 3 cloves garlic, peeled and smashed; 1 serrano chile, stemmed and halved; 2 tablespoons tomato paste; 1/2 teaspoon allspice; 1 teaspoon pimenton (smoked paprika); 1 1/2 cups red wine; 1/2 cup low-sodium chicken broth; 1 1/2 ounces baking chocolate, chopped; 2 tablespoons butter, room temperature | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat a braiser or Dutch oven over medium heat. Add the oil and bacon; cook until the bacon is golden brown and crispy, about 5 minutes. Remove the bacon to a plate, using a slotted spoon. Turn the heat up to medium-high. Pat the chicken pieces dry with paper towels, and sprinkle all over with the salt. Add the chicken, skin-side down, to the pan and cook until golden brown and crispy, 8 to 10 minutes. Flip and brown on the reverse side, an additional 5 minutes. Remove the chicken to the plate with the bacon. Add the onions, carrots, garlic and chiles to the pan, and cook an additional 3 minute <END>
INPUT: slaw, Napa cabbage, radicchio, onion, chives, well shaken buttermilk
OUTPUT: TITLE: Buttermilk Slaw | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 head Napa cabbage, thinly sliced; 1 head radicchio, thinly sliced; 1/4 red onion, minced; 3 tablespoons thinly sliced fresh chives; 1/3 cup well shaken buttermilk; 1/3 cup low-fat sour cream; 1 tablespoon honey; 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard; 1 tablespoon white wine vinegar; Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Toss the cabbage, radicchio, red onion, and chives in a large bowl. In a separate bowl, mix the buttermilk, sour cream, honey, Dijon mustard, vinegar, salt, and pepper together. Add the dressing to the cabbage mixture and toss to coat. Let marinate in the refrigerator for an hour before serving. <END>
INPUT: french, heavy cream, milk, sugar, vanilla bean, egg yolks
OUTPUT: TITLE: French Vanilla Ice Cream | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 cups heavy cream; 1 cup whole milk; 2 cups sugar; 1 vanilla bean, split lengthwise and seeds scraped; 6 large egg yolks | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. Set up an ice bath by filling the sink or a large bowl with ice water. In a medium saucepan over moderately high heat, combine the cream, milk, 1 cup sugar, and the vanilla bean seeds and pod. Bring to a simmer, stirring occasionally to dissolve the sugar. 2. In a medium bowl, whisk together the egg yolks and the remaining 1 cup sugar. Gradually add the hot-cream mixture to the eggs, whisking constantly. Pour back into the saucepan and remove and discard the vanilla bean pod. Cook over low heat, stirring constantly with a wooden spoon, until the custard thickens just enough to coat the back <END>
INPUT: pate, butter, morels, cremini mushrooms, thyme, shallots
OUTPUT: TITLE: Morel Pate | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons butter; 4 ounces fresh morels, sliced; 4 ounces cremini mushrooms, sliced; 2 sprigs fresh thyme; 2 shallots, chopped; 1/8 cup Madeira; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1/4 cup sour cream; 4 slices white bread, crusts removed, toasted | INSTRUCTIONS: In a medium skillet, over a high heat, melt the butter. Saute the morels and mushrooms 3 to 4 minutes. Add the thyme and shallots, and cook until translucent. Add Madeira and reduce. Season with salt and pepper. Cook until the mixture is fairly dry. Cool. Transfer mixture into a food processor and puree until smooth. Add sour cream and season to taste. Place in a crock and serve with toast points.; <END>
INPUT: sauce, clam juice, whipping cream, dill dillweed, lemon juice, tagliatelle linguine
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tagliatelle with Smoked Salmon Cream Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 8-ounce bottle clam juice; 1 cup whipping cream; 1/4 cup chopped fresh dill or 2 teaspoons dried dillweed; 1 teaspoon fresh lemon juice; 12 ounces tagliatelle or linguine, freshly cooked; 4 ounces smoked salmon, cut into thin strips; Lemon wedges | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring clam juice and cream to boil in heavy large skillet over high heat. Reduce heat and simmer until mixture thickens enough to coat spoon, whisking occasionally, about 10 minutes. Whisk in dill and lemon juice. Add tagliatelle and toss to coat. Remove skillet from heat. Add salmon; toss to combine. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Divide pasta among 4 plates. Serve with lemon wedges. Bring clam juice and cream to boil in heavy large skillet over high heat. Reduce heat and simmer until mixture thickens enough to coat spoon, whisking occasionally, about 10 minutes. Whisk in dill and lemo <END>
INPUT: fashioned, virgin olive oil, garlic, onion, bell peppers
OUTPUT: TITLE: Old Fashioned Sausage and Peppers | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 2 cloves garlic, thinly sliced; 1 large red onion, cut into 2-inch chunks; 2 red bell peppers, cored, seeded, and cut into 2-inch chunks; 2 green bell peppers, cored, seeded, and cut into 2-inch chunks; 4 fresh hot Italian sausages; 4 fresh sweet Italian sausages; 1 cup milled or crushed canned Italian plum tomatoes; 1 1/2 cups dry red wine; Pinch of dried oregano; Salt and freshly ground pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large skillet with a lid, heat the olive oil over medium-high heat. Add the garlic, onion, and peppers, and cook, stirring, until the onion is translucent, about 5 minutes. Add the sausages, and cook about 4 minutes more, until sausages begin to brown. Add the tomatoes, wine, oregano, and a large pinch of salt. Cover, bring to a simmer, and simmer gently about 25 minutes, until the peppers are very soft. Season with salt and pepper to taste. Serve immediately.; <END>
INPUT: Italian, salad, tomatoes, block feta cheese, good olive oil, wine vinegar, oregano
OUTPUT: TITLE: Oregano, Feta and Tomato Salad | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 6 medium tomatoes; 7 ounce block feta cheese; 3 tablespoons good olive oil; 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar; 1 teaspoon dried oregano; 1 teaspoon kosher salt; 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 2 ounces arugula | INSTRUCTIONS: Remove the core from the tomatoes and slice each tomato in thick wedges. Arrange the tomatoes in a circle on a large plate. Cut the feta in thick slices and place it in the center of the plate. Drizzle the olive oil and vinegar over the tomatoes and feta. Crush the oregano between the palms of your hands over the salad and sprinkle with the salt and pepper. Arrange the arugula on the plate around the outside of the tomatoes and serve at room temperature. <END>
INPUT: Asian, sea scallops, Vegetable oil, sushi rice, Wasabi, Daikon sprouts
OUTPUT: TITLE: Seared Scallops Sushi | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 5 sea scallops; Vegetable oil; 1 cup sushi rice, recipe follows; Wasabi; Daikon sprouts, for garnish; 5 cups short-grain sushi rice; 6 cups water; 1/2 cup rice vinegar; 2 tablespoons sugar; 1 teaspoon salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat a saute pan over high heat. Add enough oil to lightly coat the bottom of the pan. Add the sea scallops and sear until golden brown on both sides, about 30 seconds to 1 minute per side. Be careful not to overcook! Remove from the heat and slice the scallops in half horizontally. With moist hands, pick up a golf ball-sized ball of rice. Gently squeeze the rice in your right hand to form a rectangular block with rounded edges and sides. Apply some pressure to the rice while forming it into a sturdy base for the scallops. Top each formed piece of rice with a small bit of wasabi and top it off <END>
INPUT: Italian, mesquite, envelope yeast, water, olive oil, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mesquite-Grilled Pizza | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 envelope dry yeast; 3/4 cup plus 2 tablespoons warm water (105°F. to 115°F.); 2 tablespoons olive oil; 2 1/2 cups (or more) bread flour; 1 teaspoon salt; Olive oil; 1 cup prepared pizza sauce; 3/4 cup pitted black olives, halved; 1/4 cup pitted green olives, halved; 12 ounces mozzarella cheese, shredded (about 3 1/2 cups); 1/2 cup grated Parmesan cheese; 1/3 pound mushrooms, sliced; 1/2 green bell pepper, cut julienne; 1/2 red bell pepper, cut julienne; 1 tablespoon olive oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Sprinkle yeast over warm water in small bowl; stir to dissolve. Let stand 5 minutes. Stir in 2 tablespoons oil. Mix 2 1/2 cups flour and salt in processor using on/off turns. With machine running, pour yeast mixture through feed tube and process until combined, about 10 seconds. Knead dough on lightly floured surface until smooth and elastic, adding more flour to dough if sticky, about 5 minutes. Brush large bowl with olive oil. Add dough, turning to coat entire surface. Cover and let rise in warm draft-free area until doubled in volume, about 1 1/2 hours. (Can be prepared 1 day ahead. Punch d <END>
INPUT: Mexican, tagine, level ras el, level cumin, level cinnamon, level ginger, level sweet paprika
OUTPUT: TITLE: Beef Tagine | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 level tablespoon ras el hanout spice mix*; 1 level tablespoon ground cumin; 1 level tablespoon ground cinnamon; 1 level tablespoon ground ginger; 1 level tablespoon sweet paprika; Sea salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 1/3 pounds/600 g stewing beef; Olive oil; 1 onion, peeled and finely chopped; A small bunch of fresh coriander (cilantro), leaves picked and stalks reserved; 1 (14-ounce/400 g) tin (can) chickpeas, drained; 1 (14-ounce/400 g) tin (can) chopped tomatoes; 3 1/2 cups/800 ml vegetable stock, preferably organic; 1 small squash (approximately 1 3/4 pounds/800 g), deseeded and cut into 2-inch/5 cm chunks; 3 1/2 ounces/100 g prunes, stoned and roughly torn | INSTRUCTIONS: Serving suggestion: Lightly seasoned couscous. To make the spice rub: Mix the ras el hanout, cumin, cinnamon, ginger, paprika, salt, and black pepper together in a small bowl. Put the beef into a large bowl, massage it with the spice rub, then cover with plastic wrap or clingfilm and put into the refrigerator for a couple of hours-ideally overnight. That way the spices really penetrate and flavour the meat. When you're ready to cook, heat a generous lug of olive oil in a tagine or casserole-type pan and fry the meat over a medium heat for 5 minutes. Add the chopped onion and coriander (cilantr <END>
INPUT: American, cookie, sandwiches, old fashioned oats, all purpose flour, baking powder, baking soda, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Amaretto Chocolate Chip Cookie Sandwiches | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup old-fashioned oats; 2 1/4 cups all-purpose flour; 1 teaspoon baking powder; 1 teaspoon baking soda; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1 cup unsalted butter, room temperature; 1 cup (packed) golden brown sugar; 1 cup granulated sugar; 2 large eggs, room temperature; 3/4 teaspoon pure almond extract; 1 (12-ounce) bag semisweet chocolate chips; 1 cup whole almonds, toasted and chopped; 3 pints vanilla ice cream, softened slightly; 1/3 cup amaretto liqueur | INSTRUCTIONS: Line heavy large baking sheets with parchment paper and set aside. Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Finely chop the oats in a food processor. Mix in the flour, baking powder, baking soda, and salt. Set aside. Using an electric mixer, beat the butter and sugars in a large bowl until fluffy. Scrape down sides of mixing bowl. Beat in the eggs and almond extract. Add the flour mixture in 3 parts and stir just until blended. Stir in the chocolate chips and chopped almonds. For each cookie, drop 1 rounded tablespoonful of dough onto the prepared baking sheets, spacing 1-inch apart (do not flatten  <END>
INPUT: rings, buttermilk, baking soda, Salt pepper, sweet onions, Oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Deep-Fried Onion Rings | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 cups buttermilk; 1 1/2 teaspoon baking soda; Salt and pepper; 6 medium-large sweet onions, about 1/2 each (such as Vidalia, Walla Walla, Maui, Texas Sweet); Oil, for deep-frying; 4 cups flour | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large bowl combine buttermilk and baking soda; season well with salt and pepper. Peel onions and slice thinly, no thicker than 1/4-inch; a mandoline works well. Add to buttermilk mixture and stir well to submerge all onions. Set aside, unrefrigerated, for 2 hours. In a deep-fryer or heavy, deep pot, heat at least 1 quart oil to 375 degrees F. Working in batches, place about 1/6 of flour in a large bowl. With your hands, remove about 1/6 of onions from buttermilk. Don't let the liquid run off. Add to flour and mix vigorously with your hands until onions are well-coated. Separate them by ha <END>
INPUT: American, frites, herb, dijon mustard, virgin olive oil, flank steak, pepper, chives
OUTPUT: TITLE: Steak Frites With Herb Mustard | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons dijon mustard; 1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil; 1 1/4 pounds flank steak, trimmed of excess fat; Freshly ground black pepper; 2 tablespoons minced fresh chives; 1 tablespoon minced fresh tarragon; 2 pounds large russet potatoes; 2 large egg whites; 1 teaspoon paprika; Pinch of cayenne pepper; Kosher salt; Olive oil cooking spray | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F. Whisk the mustard and olive oil in a small bowl. Coat the steak with 2 tablespoons of the mustard mixture, then season with black pepper and set aside. Whisk the chives, tarragon and 2 tablespoons cold water into the remaining mustard mixture. Slice the potatoes into 1/4-inch-thick sticks; pat dry. Whisk the egg whites, paprika, cayenne and 1/4 teaspoon salt in a large bowl; add the potatoes and toss. Coat a rimmed baking sheet with cooking spray. Add the potatoes, letting the excess egg drip off; spread out and spray with cooking spray. Bake until golden bro <END>
INPUT: hash, unsalted butter, bell pepper, garlic, leftover Corned Beef, thyme
OUTPUT: TITLE: Corned Beef Hash | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1 cup finely chopped red bell pepper; 2 cloves garlic, minced; 5 cups leftover Corned Beef and Cabbage, well drained, recipe follows; 1/2 teaspoon chopped fresh thyme; 1/2 teaspoon chopped fresh oregano; 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 2 to 2 1/2 pound Corned-Beef Brisket*, recipe follows; 1 tablespoon coarsely ground black pepper; 1 teaspoon ground allspice; 2 bay leaves; 2 teaspoons kosher salt; 1/2 pound diced carrots, approximately 4 small; 1/2 pound diced onions, approximately 2 small; 1 pound potatoes, peeled and chopped, approximately 3 medium | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Melt the butter in a 12-inch cast iron skillet set over medium heat. Add the bell pepper and cook until it begins to brown slightly, approximately 5 to 6 minutes. Add the garlic, corned beef and cabbage, thyme, oregano and black pepper to the skillet and stir to combine. Once combined, spread the hash evenly over the pan and firmly press down with a spatula. Place a heavy lid, heatproof plate or second pan directly atop the hash and allow to cook until browned, approximately 10 minutes. After 10 minutes stir mixture, press down again, top with the lid and allow t <END>
INPUT: crepes, eggs, milk, salt, sugar, flour
OUTPUT: TITLE: Crepes with Blueberry Stuffing and Rhubarb Compote | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 eggs; 1/2 cup milk; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1 teaspoon sugar; 1/2 cup flour; Unsalted butter for skillet; 1 tablespoon orange or tangelo marmalade; Blueberry stuffing, recipe follows; Rhubarb compote, recipe follows; Mint, for garnish; 1 cup blueberries; 1 tablespoon granulated maple sugar or syrup; 1/2 cup sour cream; 2 cups cut up fresh or frozen rhubarb; 2 tablespoons frozen orange juice concentrate | INSTRUCTIONS: Whisk the eggs and milk together in a bowl. Whisk in the salt, sugar, and flour. Set aside for 30 minutes. Melt about 1/2-teaspoon butter in a nonstick 8 to 10-inch skillet over medium heat. When it foams, pour or ladle in about 2 tablespoons of batter. Lift and swirl the pan so the batter coats the bottom. Set pan on the burner and cook just until set and the underside is lightly browned. Using a spatula or your fingers, flip and cook until the other side is lightly browned. Transfer to a plate and continue with remaining batter. Blueberry Stuffing: In a bowl, gently fold together the blueber <END>
INPUT: snowflakes, vanilla sugar, sheet puff pastry, egg, water
OUTPUT: TITLE: Puff Pastry Snowflakes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 tablespoons vanilla sugar; 1 sheet frozen puff pastry, thawed (half of a 17-ounce package); 1 large egg; 1 tablespoon water | INSTRUCTIONS: Put a large piece of parchment paper on a work surface and sprinkle with 2 tablespoons of the vanilla sugar. Lay the puff pastry on top, sprinkle with 2 more tablespoons vanilla sugar and roll out into a 12-inch square. Trim the edges to make an even square, then cut the pastry into four 3-inch-wide strips. Lightly beat the egg and water in a small bowl. Brush the egg wash lengthwise down the center of 3 of the pastry strips. Stack the 3 strips neatly on top of each other; top with the remaining pastry strip. Place the rolling pin lengthwise down the center of the pastry stack and press gently <END>
INPUT: warm, pudding, short grain Indian, water, milk, sugar, golden raisins
OUTPUT: TITLE: Warm Indian Rice Pudding | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup short grain Indian or Italian (Arborio) rice; 1 1/2 cups water; 2 to 3 cups milk; 1/2 cup sugar, or to taste; 1/4 cup golden raisins; 1/4 cup raw cashews or shelled pistachios, chopped fine; Seeds from 4 cardamom pods; Ground cinnamon to taste | INSTRUCTIONS: In a saucepan combine the rice and water, bring to a boil, stirring, and simmer, stirring occasionally, for 15 minutes. Add 2 cups of the milk, the sugar, raisins, cashews or pistachios, cardamom seeds, and cinnamon, and simmer, stirring often, for 10 to 15 minutes more, or until rice is tender and mixture creamy. Add additional milk if necessary. Pudding may also be served chilled. <END>
INPUT: gravy, portabella mushrooms, shiitake mushrooms, mushrooms, olive oil, pearl barley
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Mushroom and Barley Gravy | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 lb portabella mushrooms; 1/2 lb fresh shiitake mushrooms; 1/2 lb white mushrooms; 1/4 cup olive oil; 3 tablespoons pearl barley; 1 large onion, left unpeeled; 2 celery ribs with leaves; 1 Turkish or 1/2 California bay leaf; 8 cups water; 2 fresh thyme sprigs; 1 tablespoon tomato paste; 1/2 cup dry white wine; 1 teaspoon salt; 1 teaspoon black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Put oven racks in upper and lower thirds of oven and preheat oven to 400°F. Twist off and reserve stems from portabellas. Using a paring knife, scrape off and discard gills from underside of portabella caps, then cut caps into 1-inch pieces. Cut off and reserve stems from shiitakes, then quarter shiitakes and white mushrooms. Toss portabella, shiitake, and white mushrooms (but not reserved stems) with 2 tablespoons oil and spread in a 17- by 11-inch flameproof roasting pan. Roast in upper third of oven, stirring occasionally, until golden, about 1 hour. Meanwhile, spread barley in a shallow ba <END>
INPUT: olive oil, garlic, Salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Simple Roasted Pork Shoulder | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons olive oil; 3 tablespoons chopped garlic; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 (4 pound) pork shoulder | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. In a small bowl, mix together the olive oil, garlic, salt and pepper. Using a pastry brush, spread the mixture all over the pork shoulder. Set the meat on a rack set into a roasting pan. Roast for 20 minutes, and then reduce the heat to 325 degrees F. Continue to cook until an instant-read thermometer inserted into the shoulder reads 185 degrees F, about 4 hours. Remove the pork from the oven and let stand until cool enough to handle, about 30 minutes. <END>
INPUT: American, gremolata, piece flank steak, four onion, balsamic vinegar, olive oil, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Flank Steak and Red Onion with Orange Gremolata | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: a 3/4-pound piece flank steak; four 1/3-inch-thick slices red onion, secured with wooden picks; 1 1/2 tablespoons balsamic vinegar; 1/4 cup olive oil; 1 small garlic clove, minced; 2 tablespoons fresh parsley leaves, minced; 1/2 teaspoon freshly grated orange zest | INSTRUCTIONS: Prepare grill. In a shallow baking dish large enough to hold steak and onion slices in one layer whisk together vinegar, oil, and salt and pepper to taste. Add steak and onions and turn to coat with marinade. Marinate steak and onions, covered, 15 minutes. Prepare grill. In a shallow baking dish large enough to hold steak and onion slices in one layer whisk together vinegar, oil, and salt and pepper to taste. Add steak and onions and turn to coat with marinade. Marinate steak and onions, covered, 15 minutes. Make gremolata: In a small bowl toss together garlic, parsley, and zest. Drain steak a <END>
INPUT: Mexican, tacos, refried beans, butternut squash, olive oil, salt, cinnamon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Black Bean and Butternut Squash Tacos | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cups refried black beans; 1 small butternut squash; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1 teaspoon salt; 1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1 teaspoon ground cumin; 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 8 soft corn tortillas; Pickled shallots (see recipe below); Cilantro sprigs for serving; 3 Serrano chiles, seeds removed if desired, diced; Crema, creme fraiche or sour cream for serving; 1 cup red wine vinegar; 1 cup dry red wine; 1/2 cup packed brown sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: Warm the refried beans gently over low heat. Cut the butternut squash in half crosswise at the narrowest point. Cut each half in half again lengthwise. Peel each section with a vegetable peeler or a flexible sharp knife. Use a teaspoon to scrape out the seeds and strings. Cut into 1/2- inch dice. Heat large nonstick skillet over high heat. Add olive oil. When it smokes, add squash cubes and toss well. Sprinkle with 1 teaspoon salt, cinnamon, cumin and black pepper. Saute over high heat, tossing frequently, until browned outside and tender but not mushy inside, about 10 minutes. To serve, heat  <END>
INPUT: fajitas, chicken breast halves, ketchup, honey, soy sauce, lemon juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken Fajitas | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 skinless and boneless chicken breast halves (about 4 ounces each), rinsed and patted dry; 1/4 cup ketchup; 2 tablespoons honey; 2 tablespoons soy sauce; 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; Salt and freshly ground black pepper, to taste | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. Place the chicken in a shallow baking dish. Combine the remaining ingredients and toss over the chicken. Marinate, covered, in the refrigerator for about 6 hours. Bring to room temperature before baking. 2. Preheat the oven to 350°F. 3. Bake the chicken, basting frequently, until cooked through, about 30-35 minutes. 4. Cut chicken into 1/2-inch slices. Halve slices lengthwise to create strips. To make fajitas, click here . 1. Place the chicken in a shallow baking dish. Combine the remaining ingredients and toss over the chicken. Marinate, covered, in the refrigerator for about 6 hours. Brin <END>
INPUT: bread, wheat flour, all purpose flour, baking soda, salt, firmly sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Brown Bread | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups whole-wheat flour; 1 cup all-purpose flour; 2 teaspoons baking soda; 1 teaspoon salt; 2/3 cup firmly packed brown sugar; 1/4 cup unsulfured molasses; 2 cups buttermilk; 1 cup raisins; 3/4 cup coarsly chopped walnuts | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350°F, and grease and flour a loaf pan, 9 1/4 by 5 1/4 by 2 3/4 inches, knocking out excess flour. In a large bowl whisk together dry ingredients. Stir in remaining ingredients until just combined. Pour batter into prepared pan and bake in middle of oven until a tester comes out clean, about 1 hour. Cool bread in pan on a rack 5 minutes. Turn loaf out onto rack and cool completely before slicing. Preheat oven to 350°F, and grease and flour a loaf pan, 9 1/4 by 5 1/4 by 2 3/4 inches, knocking out excess flour. In a large bowl whisk together dry ingredients. Stir in remaining ing <END>
INPUT: French, mousse, sauce, Dijon mustard, lightly whipped cream, shallot, Salt pepper, caviar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Poached Lobster with Caviar Mousse and Dijon Mustard Sauce | CUISINE: French | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons Dijon mustard; 2 cups lightly whipped cream; 1 shallot, chopped; Salt and pepper; 1 cup caviar; 4 tablespoons creme fraiche; 4 tablespoons Dijon mustard; Salt and pepper; 2 lobster tails, poached; 4 lobster claws, poached; 4 ounces algae; 4 thin slices toasted white bread; 1 tablespoon black mustard seeds | INSTRUCTIONS: To make the caviar mousse, mix the mustard and the whipped cream gently together until smooth. Add the finely chopped shallots, and season with salt and pepper. Gently fold in the caviar without breaking the eggs. Set aside. To prepare the sauce, combine the creme fraiche with the mustard until it thins out a little. Season with salt and pepper. To serve the dish, simply place a cookie ring on the plate. Fill the ring with the caviar mixture, and remove the ring. Place half of a lobster tail on the caviar mixture, and a lobster claw in front of it. Drizzle some mustard sauce around the food. D <END>
INPUT: ragu, beef chuck, Salt pepper, EVOO, garlic, bay leaf
OUTPUT: TITLE: Beef and Beet Ragu with Pappardelle | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 pounds beef chuck, 1 1/2- to 2-inch cubes; Salt and pepper; 2 to 3 tablespoons EVOO; 4 cloves garlic, crushed; 1 large bay leaf; 1 small carrot, finely chopped; 1 onion, chopped; 2 tablespoons tomato paste; 3 cups beef stock, plus more to reheat; 5 to 6 medium beets; Olive oil cooking spray; 1 pound pappardelle pasta; 1/2 cup grated Parmigiano-Reggiano, to pass; Chopped fresh parsley, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring the meat to room temperature, then pat dry and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Heat the EVOO in a Dutch oven over medium-high heat. Brown the meat in batches until well caramelized and brown, then remove to a plate and reserve. To the pan, add the garlic, bay leaf, carrots and onions. Reduce the heat and cook, partially covered, 5 minutes. Stir in the tomato paste, 1 minute, then add the stock and set the beef back into the juices. Cover and reduce the heat to low, cooking until very tender, stirring occasionally and adding a little water if pan gets a little dry, 2 to 2 hours 30 minutes. <END>
INPUT: shaved, salad, bottled pomegranate juice, fennel bulbs, navel oranges, virgin olive oil, Pecorino Romano
OUTPUT: TITLE: Shaved-Fennel Salad with Oranges and Pecorino | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 cup bottled pomegranate juice; 2 medium fennel bulbs (1 1/2 pounds total), stalks cut off; 2 navel oranges; 3 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil; 1/3 cup coarsely grated Pecorino Romano; Equipment: an adjustable-blade slicer | INSTRUCTIONS: Boil pomegranate juice in a small heavy saucepan until reduced to about 1/4 cup, about 6 minutes. Transfer to a small bowl or measuring cup and quick-chill in an ice bath. Meanwhile, cut fennel into paper-thin slices with slicer. Cut peel, including all white pith, from oranges. Cut segments free from membranes and coarsely chop. Whisk 1/2 teaspoon salt into pomegranate juice, then whisk in oil. Arrange fennel and oranges on salad plates or put in a large salad bowl. Sprinkle with cheese and drizzle with dressing. Season with pepper. Boil pomegranate juice in a small heavy saucepan until reduc <END>
INPUT: wafers, Vanilla Sugar, egg whites, unbleached all purpose, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Easy Vanilla Wafers | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup (1/2 stick) unsalted butter, room temperature; 1/3 cup Vanilla Sugar; 1/4 cup egg whites; 1/3 cup unbleached all purpose flour; Pinch of salt; 2 cups sugar; 1 vanilla bean, cut into small pieces; Use this sugar to add a fresh-tasting vanilla flavor to all your favorite recipes. It's especially good when used to sweeten whipped cream | INSTRUCTIONS: To make the wafers: Preheat oven to 400°F. Generously butter heavy large cookie sheets. Beat 1/4 cup butter and sugar in medium bowl until light and fluffy. Beat in egg whites. Gradually mix in flour and salt (batter will be soft.) Drop batter by level teaspoonfuls onto prepared cookie sheets, spacing 3 inches apart. Bake until edges are golden brown and centers of cookies are still pale, about 7 minutes. Transfer cookies to racks and cool completely. (Can be prepared 1 day ahead. Store in airtight container.) Preheat oven to 400°F. Generously butter heavy large cookie sheets. Beat 1/4 cup but <END>
INPUT: popsicles, raspberries, tangerine juice, toothpicks
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tangerine Popsicles | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 8 whole raspberries; 16 ounces tangerine juice; 8 toothpicks | INSTRUCTIONS: Stand 1 raspberry right side up in the bottom of 8 (2-ounce) small plastic cups. Stick a toothpick in each berry so it is standing up straight. Carefully pour tangerine juice over the berry and freeze. Turn out of plastic cups and serve. <END>
INPUT: fondue, chocolate, whipping cream, caramel topping, Torani hazelnut syrup
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate Fondue | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 16 ounces chocolate (milk, dark or semisweet), broken in pieces; 1/2 pint whipping cream; 1/2 cup caramel topping; 3 tablespoons Torani hazelnut syrup or favorite liqueur | INSTRUCTIONS: Place all ingredients in a ceramic fondue pot over low heat. Stir constantly until the mixture is melted and smooth. Do not allow to bubble. Arrange an assortment of bite-sized dipping foods on a lazy Susan around fondue pot. Some suggestions are strawberries, bananas, apples, grapes, cherries, pound cake, marshmallows, raisins and shelled nuts. Spear with fondue forks or wooden skewers, dip, swirl and enjoy! <END>
INPUT: agua, fresca, sugar agave syrup, lime juice, Mint
OUTPUT: TITLE: Watermelon-Mint Agua Fresca | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup (packed) fresh mint leaves; 1/4 cup sugar or agave syrup; 5 cups peeled, seeded, coarsely chopped watermelon (from about a 2 1/2-pound watermelon); 1/4 cup fresh lime juice; Mint sprigs (for serving) | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine mint leaves, sugar, and 1/4 cup water in a small pot. Bring to a boil and stir until sugar has dissolved. Transfer mixture to a heatproof container and chill, uncovered, until cool, about 30 minutes. Strain mint syrup into a blender; discard mint leaves. Add watermelon and lime juice and blend until very smooth. Using a fine-mesh sieve, strain into a pitcher; discard solids. Add 2 cups water and stir well to combine. Serve with mint sprigs. Combine mint leaves, sugar, and 1/4 cup water in a small pot. Bring to a boil and stir until sugar has dissolved. Transfer mixture to a heatproof c <END>
INPUT: American, burger, wraps, canola oil peanut, lemongrass, garlic, shiitake mushrooms, coarse kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Asian Pork and Mushroom Burger Wraps | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons canola oil or peanut oil; 2 tablespoons minced lemongrass (from bottom 3 inches of about 4 stalks); 2 garlic cloves, minced; 4 ounces fresh shiitake mushrooms, stemmed, caps chopped; 1 teaspoon coarse kosher salt, divided; 1 3/4 pounds ground pork shoulder (Boston butt); 2 tablespoons soy sauce, divided; 3 teaspoons Asian sesame oil, divided; 3/4 teaspoon cracked black pepper; 1/2 cup hoisin sauce*; 1 tablespoon minced peeled fresh ginger; 1 tablespoon unseasoned rice vinegar; 1 teaspoon hot chili sauce (such as sriracha)*; Nonstick vegetable oil spray; 2 heads of Bibb lettuce, cored, leaves separated | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat oil in large skillet over medium-high heat. Add lemongrass and garlic; sauté 2 minutes. Add mushrooms. Sprinkle with 1/2 teaspoon coarse salt; sauté until mushrooms are tender, about 4 minutes. Remove from heat; cool in skillet. Place pork in large bowl. Mix in 1 tablespoon soy sauce, 1 teaspoon sesame oil, cracked pepper, and 1/2 teaspoon coarse salt, then fold in mushroom mixture. Using 2 generous tablespoonfuls for each, shape into 18 patties, each about 2 1/4 inches in diameter; arrange on plastic-lined baking sheet. Whisk hoisin sauce, ginger, vinegar, chili sauce, and remaining 1 ta <END>
INPUT: biscuits, buttermilk, onions, self rising flour, cornmeal, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Buttermilk Biscuits with Green Onions, Black Pepper, and Sea Salt | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 cup chilled buttermilk; 1/2 cup finely chopped green onions; 2 cups self-rising flour; 1/2 cup yellow cornmeal; 3 tablespoons sugar; 1/2 teaspoon coarsely ground black pepper plus additional for sprinkling; 1/2 cup (1 stick) chilled unsalted butter, cut into 1/2-inch cubes, plus 1 tablespoon melted butter; Coarse sea salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Position rack in center of oven and preheat to 425°F. Line baking sheet with parchment paper. Combine buttermilk and green onions in medium bowl. Whisk flour, cornmeal, sugar, and 1/2 teaspoon ground black pepper in large bowl to blend. Add 1/2 cup chilled butter and rub in with fingertips until mixture resembles coarse meal. Add buttermilk mixture and stir until moist clumps form. Gather dough together. Turn dough out onto floured surface and knead gently just to combine, about 3 to 4 turns. Roll out to 3/4-inch thickness. Using floured 2-inch cookie or biscuit cutter, cut out rounds. Reroll  <END>
INPUT: shortcake, cake flour, sugar, baking powder, salt, unsalted butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Strawberry Shortcake | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 3/4 cups cake flour; 1/4 cup sugar, plus additional to sprinkle on top; 1 tablespoon plus 1 teaspoon baking powder; 1 teaspoon salt; 10 tablespoons chilled unsalted butter, cut into 1-ounce pieces; 1 cup heavy cream, plus additional to brush on top; 3 pints fresh strawberries, stemmed; 2 or 3 tablespoons sugar; 1 tablespoon lemon juice; 2 teaspoons kirsch; 1 teaspoon orange zest; Strawberry Swirl Ice Cream, recipe follows; 2 cups heavy cream; 2 cups milk; 1 vanilla bean, split and scraped | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line 1 or 2 baking trays with parchment paper and set aside. In a food processor, combine the flour, 1/4 cup sugar, baking powder, and salt and pulse to combine. Add the chilled butter and process just until combined. With the motor running, add the cream through the feed tubes, stopping just before the dough forms a ball. Turn the dough out onto a lightly floured surface and gently knead, forming a smooth ball. Do not overwork. Roll the dough out into a 3/4-inch thick round. Using a 3-inch cookie or biscuit cutter, cut out 7 circles. Knead the scraps togethe <END>
INPUT: Asian, vegetable oil, egg, ginger, scallions, kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Ginger Fried Rice with Shiitake Mushrooms | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons plus 1 teaspoon vegetable oil; 1 large egg, beaten with 1 tablespoon water; 1 1/2 tablespoons minced peeled fresh ginger; 3 scallions, white and green parts chopped separately; 3/4 teaspoon kosher salt; 1/2 lb fresh shiitake mushrooms, stems discarded and caps thinly sliced; 3 cups cold cooked white rice; 1/2 teaspoon Asian sesame oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat a wok or a 12-inch nonstick skillet over moderate heat until hot, then add 1/2 teaspoon vegetable oil and swirl around wok. Add half of egg mixture and swirl wok to coat bottom with a thin layer about 5 inches in diameter. When egg crêpe is set, about 45 seconds, transfer with a wide metal spatula to a plate to cool. Make another egg crêpe with another 1/2 teaspoon vegetable oil and remaining egg mixture in same manner. Stack crêpes, roll into a cylinder, and cut crosswise into 1/4-inch-wide strips, then unroll. Heat remaining 2 tablespoons vegetable oil in wok over high heat until it beg <END>
INPUT: holstein, schnitzel, Four veal chops, Kosher salt, flour, eggs, breadcrumbs
OUTPUT: TITLE: Veal Chop Holstein Schnitzel | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Four 1-inch thick boneless veal chops, butterflied; Kosher salt; 1 cup flour; 6 eggs; 2 cups breadcrumbs; Peanut or other neutrally flavored oil; 4 tablespoons (1/2 stick) unsalted butter; Anchovy Caper Sauce, recipe follows; 1/4 cup olive oil; 2 anchovy fillets; 2 cloves garlic, smashed; 1 tablespoon capers, chopped; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1 tablespoon fresh parsley leaves, chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: Place the butterflied veal chops in between layers of plastic wrap and gently pound with the flat side of a meat mallet. Sprinkle the chops generously with salt. Set up a standard breading procedure: In 3 large dishes, set up one with the flour, one with 2 eggs beaten with 2 tablespoons water and one with the breadcrumbs. Dust each chop in the flour and shake off the excess. Dip each chop in the egg mixture and then run through the breadcrumbs. Place the breaded veal on a sheet tray and let them hang out in the fridge for at least 1 hour to allow the breading to set. Preheat the oven to 200 de <END>
INPUT: sauce, butter, crawfish, Salt pepper, brandy, shrimp paste
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken Breast with Crawfish Stuffing and Queso Panela Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 tablespoons butter; 1/2 pound small crawfish, shells and tails removed, diced small; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1/4 cup brandy; 1 tablespoon shrimp paste; 1 tablespoon mayonnaise; 1/4 cup grated queso panela ("basket cheese", also known as queso canasta); 2 tablespoons shredded Parmesan; 1/4 cup panko bread crumbs; 6 (8-ounce) chicken breasts, butterflied; 2 to 3 eggs, beaten; 1 cup all-purpose flour, seasoned with salt and pepper; 2 tablespoons grapeseed oil; 1 cup chicken stock; Dash ground cloves | INSTRUCTIONS: For the chicken: Melt butter over medium heat in a medium saute pan. Add crawfish and season with salt and pepper. Saute until they begin to turn opaque. Deglaze pan with the brandy and allow most of the liquid to evaporate. Remove from heat and allow to cool to room temperature. Stir in shrimp paste, mayonnaise, queso panela, Parmesan and bread crumbs. Lay chicken breasts out, spoon 2 tablespoons of the mixture onto each chicken breast and fold to enclose stuffing. Secure with toothpicks. Dip each stuffed chicken breast into egg mixture and roll in seasoned flour. Preheat oven to 375 degrees  <END>
INPUT: cupcakes, all purpose flour, baking soda, fine salt, milk, unsweetened cocoa powder
OUTPUT: TITLE: Red Wine-Chocolate Cupcakes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup all-purpose flour (see Cook's Note); 1/2 teaspoon baking soda; 1/2 teaspoon fine salt; 3/4 cup milk; 1/2 cup unsweetened cocoa powder (not Dutch process); 3/4 cup sugar; 3/4 cup vegetable oil; 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract; 1 large egg; 2 cups red wine; 1/4 cup sugar; 2 ounces bittersweet chocolate, chopped; 1/4 cup heavy cream | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F and line a 12-cup muffin pan with paper liners. Set aside. For the cupcakes: Whisk together the flour, baking soda and salt in a medium bowl and set aside. Heat the milk in a small saucepan until hot, but not boiling, and pour the milk over the cocoa powder in a large bowl. Whisk the mixture until it is smooth and cools slightly. Add the sugar, oil, vanilla and egg to the milk mixture and whisk until smooth. Add the flour mixture, and stir, with a rubber spatula, until well combined (take care not to overmix). Divide the batter evenly among the prepared muffin <END>
INPUT: clementines, orange flavored liqueur, sugar, lemon juice, pomegranate seeds
OUTPUT: TITLE: Caramelized Clementines | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 12 clementines, peeled; 1/4 cup orange-flavored liqueur (or dark rum); 1 cup sugar; 2 tablespoons lemon juice; 1/4 cup pomegranate seeds | INSTRUCTIONS: Loosen segments of each clementine from the top without detaching from the stem end. Place in a bowl. Sprinkle on liqueur. Cover; refrigerate 30 minutes. To start the sauce, bring 1/3 cup sugar, lemon juice and 1/3 cup water to a boil in a small saucepan over medium heat. Simmer, stirring, until liquid is clear. Remove from heat; set aside. Line baking sheet with foil. To make the shards, stir remaining 2/3 cup sugar and 1/4 cup water in a medium saucepan over medium heat until sugar is moistened. Bring to a boil, washing down sides of pan with a brush dipped in cold water, until syrup turns a <END>
INPUT: Asian, stir, walnuts, tamari soy sauce, chicken breast halves, honey, oriental sesame oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Brown Rice and Chicken Stir-Fry with Edamame and Walnuts | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup coarsely chopped walnuts; 4 tablespoons tamari soy sauce* or low-sodium soy sauce; 2 skinless boneless chicken breast halves, thinly sliced crosswise; 1 teaspoon honey; 4 teaspoons oriental sesame oil; 4 teaspoons minced fresh ginger; 3 garlic cloves, minced; 1 1/2 cups short-grain brown rice, cooked according to package directions, cooled; 2 cups shelled cooked edamame beans (from about 26 ounces of pods); 2/3 cup chopped green onions; *Tamari soy sauce is available at specialty and natural foods stores and some supermarkets nationwide | INSTRUCTIONS: Stir walnuts in medium nonstick skillet over medium heat until lightly toasted, about 3 minutes. Drizzle 2 tablespoons tamari over walnuts; stir until tamari coats walnuts, about 45 seconds. Cool. (Can be made 3 days ahead. Store at room temperature in airtight container.) Combine chicken, 2 tablespoons tamari and honey in medium bowl; toss to coat. Let stand 15 minutes. Heat oil in large nonstick skillet over high heat. Add chicken and stir-fry 2 minutes. Add ginger and garlic and stir-fry 30 seconds. Add cooked rice and edamame; reduce heat to medium and stir-fry until heated through, about  <END>
INPUT: American, Cheddar cheese, Pepper Jack cheese, pimentos, onion, mayonnaise
OUTPUT: TITLE: Easy Pimento Cheese | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 pound Cheddar cheese, shredded (recommended: Colby); 1/2 pound Pepper Jack cheese, shredded; One 4-ounce jar diced pimentos, plus 2 tablespoons juice; 1/2 red onion, diced; 1 cup mayonnaise; 3 cloves garlic, finely minced; 1 teaspoon hot smoked paprika; 1/2 teaspoon ground celery seed; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 loaf white sandwich bread, sliced into diagonal pieces | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. In a medium bowl, combine cheeses, pimentos and pimento juice, onion, mayonnaise, garlic, paprika, and celery seed. Mix well and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Refrigerate until ready to serve. Transfer the cheese spread to a serving bowl and serve with the bread. <END>
INPUT: biscuits, all purpose flour, salt, baking powder, baking soda, vegetable shortening
OUTPUT: TITLE: Buttermilk Biscuits | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 cups all-purpose flour; 2 teaspoons salt; 1 tablespoon baking powder; 2 teaspoons baking soda; 1 cup vegetable shortening, cold, cut into 1/2-inch pieces; 1 1/2 to 2 cups buttermilk, plus additional for brushing | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Sift together the flour, salt, baking powder, and baking soda. Cut in the shortening using a pastry blender or your hands until the mixture resembles coarse crumbs. Make a well in the center and add 1 cup buttermilk. Using your hands, quickly fold the dry ingredients into the buttermilk until a sticky dough forms. You may need to add more buttermilk. Turn the dough out onto a floured surface. Gently fold the dough over itself 3 or 4 times to create layers. Press the dough out to 1 1/2-inches thick and cut with a floured 3-inch biscuit cutter. Lay the biscuits <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, paella, olive oil, onion, bell pepper, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Vegetable Couscous Paella | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 2 1/2 tablespoons olive oil; 2 cups chopped onion; 1 cup chopped red bell pepper; 1 cup chopped green bell pepper; 1 tablespoon chopped garlic; 1 1/2 teaspoons paprika; 2 cups canned vegetable broth; 3 large plum tomatoes (about 10 ounces), seeded, coarsely chopped; 1 cup frozen peas; 1 cup drained canned garbanzo beans (chickpeas); 1/2 cup chopped peeled carrot; 1/4 teaspoon crushed saffron threads; 1/4 teaspoon cayenne pepper; 1 1/2 cups (about 9 1/2 ounces) couscous; 6 canned artichoke hearts, quartered | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat oil in heavy large pot over medium-high heat. Add onion and chopped bell peppers; sauté until vegetables begin to soften, about 5 minutes. Add garlic and paprika and sauté 1 minute. Stir in broth and next 6 ingredients. Bring to simmer. Reduce heat to medium-low. Cover and cook 5 minutes to blend flavors. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Mix couscous into vegetable mixture. Cover and simmer 1 minute. Remove pot from heat. Let stand covered 5 minutes. Fluff couscous with fork. Let paella stand covered 5 minutes longer; fluff with fork again. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Trans <END>
INPUT: collins, apple thyme simple, gin, lemon juice, Ice, blueberry jam
OUTPUT: TITLE: Blueberry and Thyme Collins | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/3 cups apple-thyme simple syrup, recipe follows; 1 cup gin (recommended: Bombay Sapphire); 1/4 cup fresh lemon juice (about 1 large lemon); Ice; 1/4 cup blueberry jam; Club soda, chilled; Fresh thyme sprigs, for garnish; 20 (4-inch) long sprigs fresh thyme; 1 cup sugar; 1 1/2 cups 100 percent apple juice (recommended: Martinelli's) | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: a 2 1/2 cup-capacity martini shaker. In a pitcher, combine the syrup, gin and lemon juice. Refrigerate for 2 hours. To serve, add ice and half of the gin mixture to a martini shaker. Add 2 tablespoons of blueberry jam. Shake well and pour into ice-filled Collins glasses. Add a splash of club soda and garnish with fresh thyme sprigs. Repeat with remaining ingredients. Gently crush the thyme sprigs and put them in a small saucepan. Add the sugar and apple juice. Bring the mixture to a boil over medium heat. Reduce the heat and simmer, stirring occasionally, until the sugar has <END>
INPUT: Asian, wasabi, dressing, low sodium chicken, Arborio rice, flank steak, Salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Flank Steak with Sauteed Edamame and Wasabi-Mustard Dressing | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 6 1/2 cups low-sodium chicken broth; 3 cups Arborio rice; Cooking spray; 1 pound lean flank steak; Salt and ground black pepper; Mesquite seasoning; 2 red bell peppers, seeded and sliced into rounds; 2 teaspoons sesame oil; 2 cloves garlic, minced (or 2 teaspoons of pre-minced garlic in a jar); 2 teaspoons minced fresh ginger; 1 (16-ounce) package frozen shelled edamame, thawed; 2 tablespoons reduced-sodium soy sauce; 1/4 cup rice wine vinegar; 3 tablespoons canola oil; 2 teaspoons country-style Dijon mustard | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring the chicken stock to a boil. Add 3 cups Arborio rice. Cover and simmer for 20 minutes. Allow rice to cool and reserve it for meals later in the week. While rice is cooking, coat a large stove-top grill pan or griddle with cooking spray and set over medium-high heat to preheat. Season both sides of flank steak with salt, black pepper and mesquite seasoning. Place flank steak on hot grill along with the red pepper rounds. Cook the steak 3 to 5 minutes per side, until almost cooked through but still slightly pink. Cook the red peppers until slightly charred. Remove and set aside. Remove ste <END>
INPUT: emapanadas, flour, salt, superfine sugar, ice water
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate Peanut Butter Emapanadas | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups flour; Pinch salt; 1/4 cup superfine sugar; 8 ounces (2 sticks) unsalted butter, chilled; 1/4 cup ice cold water; Filling, recipe follows; 1 egg; 1 tablespoon water; Confectioners' sugar; 1/2-cup semisweet chocolate chips; 1 tablespoon butter; 2 tablespoons sugar; 2 tablespoons cream; 1 cup creamy peanut butter; 1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. In a food processor, lightly pulse together all the dry ingredients. Add the butter, cut into very small pieces, and pulse several times until pea-sized lumps of butter are apparent. With the processor running, add the water and continue running until just before the dough comes together (about 15 seconds). Turn out the dough onto a floured work surface and form into a disc; cover tightly and refrigerate for at least 1 hour. Filling: Melt the chocolate and butter on top of a double boiler until smooth. Stir in the remaining ingredients until uniform in color. On  <END>
INPUT: Italian, roast, pesto, olive oil, garlic, Dijon mustard, unpeeled new potatoes, racks lamb
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roast Racks of Lamb with New Potatoes and Mint Pesto | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup plus 1 tablespoon olive oil; 6 garlic cloves, minced; 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard; 1 3/4 pounds unpeeled new red potatoes (about 22 1 1/2-inch-diameter), scrubbed, quartered; 2 racks of lamb (about 1 1/4 to 1 1/2 pounds each), trimmed, frenched; 2 cups (packed) fresh mint leaves; 3/4 cup olive oil; 1/4 cup fresh lemon juice; 4 garlic cloves; 1 teaspoon salt; 1/2 teaspoon dried crushed red pepper; Fresh mint sprigs | INSTRUCTIONS: For lamb: Whisk 1/2 cup oil, garlic, and mustard in small bowl to blend. Transfer 1/3 cup mustard mixture to large bowl; add potatoes and toss to coat. Brush remaining mustard mixture over lamb. Transfer to large rimmed baking sheet. Whisk 1/2 cup oil, garlic, and mustard in small bowl to blend. Transfer 1/3 cup mustard mixture to large bowl; add potatoes and toss to coat. Brush remaining mustard mixture over lamb. Transfer to large rimmed baking sheet. For pesto: Puree all ingredients except mint sprigs in processor. Preheat oven to 425°F. Heat 1 tablespoon oil in large skillet over medium-hi <END>
INPUT: salad, beets, virgin olive oil, thyme, vegetable oil, onions
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Green Bean, Red Onion, and Beet Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 10 large beets, trimmed; 6 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 8 teaspoons chopped fresh thyme; Nonstick vegetable oil spray; 4 red onions, each cut into 6 wedges; 2 1/2 pounds slender green beans, trimmed, cut into 3-inch lengths; 1/4 cup water; 3 tablespoons balsamic vinegar | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 400°F. Wrap beets tightly in foil. Place directly on oven rack. Roast until tender when pierced with knife, about 1 hour. Cool beets. Peel and quarter beets. Transfer to large bowl. Add 2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 teaspoons thyme, salt, and pepper; toss to coat. Spray 2 large rimmed baking sheets with nonstick spray. Divide onion wedges between prepared baking sheets. Brush onions on both sides with 2 tablespoons oil; sprinkle with 4 teaspoons thyme, salt, and pepper. Arrange onions cut side down and roast until golden brown on bottom, about 10 minutes. Turn onions over. Roast u <END>
INPUT: kashmiri, braising greens, canola oil olive, asafetida, cumin seeds, shallots
OUTPUT: TITLE: Kashmiri Greens | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 pounds braising greens; 1 tablespoon canola oil or olive oil; 1/4 teaspoon asafetida; 2 teaspoons cumin seeds; 2 large shallots, sliced; 1/2 cup julienne strips peeled ginger; 1 small dried red chile, broken in half; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Discard the tough stems from the greens. Chop the tender stems and set aside, then roughly chop the leaves. Heat the oil in a 4-quart pot over moderately high heat until it shimmers and add the asafetida and cumin seeds. Cook, stirring until the spices are fragrant, about 1 1/2 minutes. Add the shallots, ginger, and chile and cook, stirring, until the shallots are translucent, about 3 to 4 minutes. Add the stems of the greens and salt to taste, then cook, stirring, for 1 minute. Add the greens and cook, tossing occasionally with tongs, until just tender, 15 to 20 minutes. Discard the chile and <END>
INPUT: Italian, bake, no boil lasagna, shallot, fat free low, all purpose flour, nutmeg
OUTPUT: TITLE: Light Noodle Bake | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 9 sheets no-boil lasagna noodles; 1 small shallot; 3 cups fat-free low-sodium vegetable or chicken broth; 3 tablespoons all-purpose flour; 1/2 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg; 1 cup part-skim ricotta cheese; 1/4 cup chopped fresh parsley; 1 1/2 cups roughly chopped celery; 1 - 1 1/2 cups roughly chopped carrots; 1 cup shredded part-skim mozzarella cheese (about 4 ounces); 1 large egg; 2-3 plum tomatoes, chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: Position a rack in the upper third of the oven and preheat to 475 degrees F. Fill a bowl with hot water; add the noodles and soak 10 minutes. Drain and hang side by side over the bowl's edge so the noodles don't stick. Meanwhile, mince the shallot in a food processor. Heat a skillet over medium-high heat. Add the shallot and 1 cup broth; cook 3 minutes. Add the flour and nutmeg; whisk until smooth, 1 minute. Whisk in the remaining 2 cups broth; cook, whisking, until thickened, 7 minutes. Whisk in 1/4 cup ricotta and the parsley; remove from the heat. The sauce will look textured from the chees <END>
INPUT: Indian, lemon juice, Salt pepper, pre roasted Cornish
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chutney-Glazed Cornish Hens | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 1/3 cup lemon juice; 1 (8 1/2-ounce} jar (about 3/4 cup) mango chutney; Salt and pepper; 4 pre-roasted Cornish Hens | INSTRUCTIONS: In a small saucepan, combine lemon juice, chutney, salt and pepper. Bring to a boil, stirring. Transfer the mixture to a blender and puree. Brush the hens with the glaze. Reheat the hens for 15 to 20 minutes in a preheated 350 degree oven. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, chiles, jumbo shrimp, thyme, Juice limes, virgin olive oil, kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Jumbo Shrimp Stuffed with Cilantro and Chiles | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 8 jumbo shrimp, in the shell (about 1 1/4 pounds); 3 sprigs fresh thyme, leaves stripped; Juice of 2 limes (about 1/4 cup); 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1 teaspoon kosher salt, plus additional for seasoning; Freshly ground black pepper; 1 clove garlic, chopped; 1/2 large jalapeno, with seeds; 2 scallions (white and green parts); 1 cup coarsely chopped fresh cilantro leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: Prepare an outdoor grill with a medium-high fire. Without removing the shells, slit about 3/4 of the way through the shrimp down the ridged back and remove the vein that runs down the center. Rinse and pat the shrimp dry. Whisk thyme leaves, lime juice, 1 tablespoon of the olive oil, 1/2 teaspoon of the salt and black pepper, to taste, in a shallow nonreactive bowl or dish. Lay the shrimp cut side down in the lime mixture and refrigerate for 30 minutes. In a food processor, pulse the garlic, jalapeno, scallions, remaining 1 tablespoon olive oil and remaining 1/2 teaspoon salt to make a coarse  <END>
INPUT: Asian, rice, cauliflower, canola oil, eggs, garlic, piece ginger
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken Cauliflower Fried Rice | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1 medium head cauliflower, stem removed; 3 teaspoons canola oil; 2 large eggs, lightly beaten; 3 cloves garlic, minced; One 1-inch piece fresh ginger, peeled and grated; 1 cup frozen mixed peas and carrots, thawed; 1/4 cup thinly sliced scallions; 1/4 cup plus 2 tablespoons low-sodium soy sauce, plus more for serving, optional; 2 tablespoons sesame oil; 2 cooked chicken breasts, diced (I used a rotisserie chicken); Hot sauce, for serving, optional | INSTRUCTIONS: Cut the cauliflower into chunks. Working in batches, pulse the cauliflower in a food processor until coarse in texture, like rice. This recipe uses about 4 cups of cauliflower rice. If you have any leftover, save it for another use. Heat a wok or large skillet over medium-high heat. Add 1 teaspoon of the canola oil. Add the eggs and quickly scramble. Transfer the eggs to a plate and set aside. Heat the remaining 2 teaspoons canola oil. Add the garlic and ginger and cook, stirring constantly, about 1 minute. Add the peas and carrots, scallions and cauliflower. Stir-fry until the vegetables are  <END>
INPUT: bread, pudding, cake flour, baking soda, baking powder, cinnamon, allspice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pumpkin Bread Pudding | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cups cake flour; 1 teaspoon baking soda; 1 teaspoon baking powder; 1/2 tablespoon ground cinnamon; 1/2 teaspoon ground allspice; 1/4 teaspoon ground ginger; 1/8 teaspoon ground cloves; 1/8 teaspoon ground nutmeg; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/2 cup (packed) dark brown sugar; 1/2 cup granulated sugar; 1/2 cup plus 2 tablespoons grape seed oil; 1 cup canned solid-pack pumpkin (not pie filling)*; 2 large eggs; 3/4 cup canned solid-pack pumpkin (not pie filling)* | INSTRUCTIONS: Make cake Preheat oven to 350°F. Butter 17- by 12-inch rimmed baking sheet. Line bottom with parchment paper. In large bowl, whisk together flour, baking soda, baking powder, cinnamon, allspice, ginger, cloves, nutmeg, and salt. Set aside. In bowl of electric mixer, combine brown and granulated sugars, oil, and pumpkin. Beat at medium speed until fully combined, about 1 to 2 minutes. Reduce speed to low and gradually add flour mixture. Beat until combined, scraping down sides of bowl occasionally. Add eggs one at a time, beating well after each addition. Spread batter evenly in prepared pan an <END>
INPUT: Mexican, empanadas, charred, virgin olive oil, pork, cumin seeds, Kosher salt, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pork and Potato Empanadas with Charred Tomatillo Sauce | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: Extra-virgin olive oil, for coating; 1 pound ground pork; 1 teaspoon cumin seeds, toasted and finely ground; Kosher salt; 1/2 onion, cut into 1/4-inch dice; 1/2 poblano pepper, stemmed, seeded and cut into 1/4-inch dice; 1 clove garlic, smashed and finely chopped; 2 large Yukon gold potatoes, cut into 1/4-inch dice; 1/2 bunch fresh cilantro, leaves and stems finely chopped; 1/2 cup dry white wine; 2 cups chicken stock; 1 bay leaf; 1 1/2 cups all-purpose flour, plus more for dusting; 1 cup masa harina; 1 teaspoon baking powder | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: a 4-inch cookie or biscuit cutter For the filling: Coat a large wide pot with extra-virgin olive oil and set over medium-high heat. Add the pork, cumin and some salt, and cook until the pork is cooked through. Using a slotted spoon, remove the meat and set aside. Return the pan to the heat, and coat with more oil if needed. Add the onions, season with salt and cook for 4 to 5 minutes. Toss in the poblanos and cook for 3 to 4 minutes. Add in the garlic and cook for 1 minute. Return the pork to the pan and add the potatoes. Season with salt, and stir to combine. Add the cilant <END>
INPUT: American, skillet, whipped, light sugar, refrigerated rolled pie, apple pie filling, cinnamon sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Skillet Apple Pie with Cinnamon Whipped Cream | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup (1 stick) unsalted butter; 1 cup light brown sugar; 2 refrigerated rolled pie crusts, such as Pillsbury; One 21-ounce can apple pie filling; 2 tablespoons cinnamon sugar; 2 cups whipping cream, chilled; 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 4 tablespoons sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. For the skillet apple pie: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Melt the butter in a 9-inch cast-iron skillet; set aside 1 tablespoon of the melted butter for the top crust. To the melted butter, add the brown sugar and melt them together on medium heat, about 2 minutes. Remove from the heat and line the skillet with one of the pie crusts. Pour the apple pie filling over the crust and sprinkle with 1 tablespoon of the cinnamon sugar. Use the second pie crust to cover the filling. Brush the top with the reserved melted butter, then evenly sprinkle the remaining 1 ta <END>
INPUT: lemon, lady apples, apple ice wine, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lady Apples in Apple Ice Wine Gelée | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 lemon; 2 3/4 lb lady apples (24 to 28); 1 1/2 cups apple ice wine*, or 3/4 cup unfiltered apple cider stirred together with 3/4 cup dry white wine; 3/4 cup sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: Remove 2 (4- by 1-inch) strips of zest from lemon with a vegetable peeler, then halve lemon crosswise. Peel top 1/2 inch of each apple, leaving stem and rest of skin intact. Rub cut side of a lemon half over peeled part of apples. Arrange apples, stem ends up, in 1 layer in a 12-inch heavy skillet. Add zest and ice wine to skillet, then sprinkle sugar over apples. Bring to a simmer over moderate heat, swirling skillet occasionally, then reduce heat to low and cover skillet. Poach until apples are tender but still hold their shape, 20 to 50 minutes. Check apples frequently after 20 minutes and  <END>
INPUT: Mexican, nuevo, latino, water shrimp stock, corn grits, heavy cream, manchego, Monterey Jack cheese
OUTPUT: TITLE: Nuevo Latino Shrimp and Grits | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 3 cups water or shrimp stock; 1 cup white corn grits; 1 cup heavy cream; 1/2 cup shredded manchego; 1/2 cup shredded Monterey Jack cheese; 2 tablespoons chipotles in adobo, pureed; 4 tablespoons unsalted butter; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 pound Kentucky freshwater prawns or about 18 extra-large (16/20) domestic shrimp; 1 tablespoon achiote paste; 1 tablespoon minced garlic; 1 lime, juiced; 3 tablespoons olive oil; 1/2 cup bourbon; One 4-ounce piece country ham | INSTRUCTIONS: For the grits: Bring the water or stock to a boil in a large saucepan. Slowly pour in the grits in a thin stream, stirring constantly so they don't form lumps. Cook over medium heat, stirring constantly until they begin to thicken. Reduce the heat to medium-low and cook uncovered, stirring occasionally to ensure they don¿t stick to the bottom on the pot, for 20 medium. Cover and reduce the heat to low and cook until the grits are tender, about 10 minutes more. Stir in the cream, manchego, Monterey Jack, chipotles and butter. Season with salt and pepper to taste. For the shrimp: Combine the ach <END>
INPUT: Asian, sauce, scallions, ginger, thyme, garlic, rice wine vinegar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Scallion and Ginger Sauce | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1-bunch scallions, roughly chopped; 3 ounces ginger, peeled and roughly chopped; 6 thyme sprigs, picked; 1 garlic clove, crushed; 1/4 cup rice wine vinegar; 1 1/2 cups canola oil; Salt and freshly ground black pepper, to taste | INSTRUCTIONS: Put scallions, ginger, thyme and garlic into a food processor and chop fine. Then add rice wine vinegar, oil and salt and pepper, to taste.; <END>
INPUT: ragu, porcini mushrooms, olive oil, onions, carrots, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Ragu with Pancetta and Prosciutto | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 ounces dried porcini mushrooms; 1/4 cup olive oil; 2 large onions, diced; 2 carrots, diced; 4 garlic cloves, peeled; 8 ounces chopped pancetta; 8 ounces chopped prosciutto; 3 tablespoons tomato paste; 2 cups beef broth; 3 (26-ounce) jars marinara sauce (about 9 cups) | INSTRUCTIONS: In a small bowl, pour just enough hot water over the porcini mushrooms to cover. Let soften while beginning the sauce. In a large, heavy pot warm the olive oil over medium heat. Add the onion, carrot, and garlic and cook until softened. Add the pancetta, prosciutto, and tomato paste and stir until the tomato paste is dissolved. Add the mushrooms and their soaking water, the beef broth, and the jarred marinara sauce. Simmer for 15 minutes. Let cool then ladle into jars. Serve with fresh or dried pasta. <END>
INPUT: chops, honey, thyme, Kosher salt pepper, garlic powder, fines herb
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lamb Chops with Thyme Honey and White Beans | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 cup honey; 2 sprigs fresh thyme; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, to taste; 1 tablespoon garlic powder; 1 tablespoon dried fines herb; 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh parsley; 1 rack of lamb, with about 8 to 9 bones, Frenched; 2 slices bacon, diced small; 1 large carrot, diced small; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, to taste; 1 yellow onion, diced small; 2 stalks celery, diced small; 1/4 cup white wine; 1/4 cup chicken stock; 1 (15.5-ounce) can white beans, drained | INSTRUCTIONS: For the lamb: In a small pot over low heat, combine the honey and thyme and bring to a slow simmer. Cook the honey low and slow. Keep at a low simmer for 30 minutes then strain and season with salt, and pepper. Keep warm. Meanwhile, preheat a grill or grill pan over high heat. Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Combine the garlic powder, fines herb, and parsley in a bowl and mix to combine. Season the lamb with salt and pepper. Rub the outside of the lamb with the spices and place over a very hot grill, fat side down. Let the lamb sit for just 1 minute or until the fat chars a bit, turn and co <END>
INPUT: swedish, meatballs, sandwich bread, onion, egg, nutmeg, allspice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Swedish Turkey Meatballs with Egg Noodles | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 slices firm white sandwich bread; 1 medium onion; 1 large egg; 1/4 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg; 1 teaspoon ground allspice; 1 teaspoon salt; 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 1 3/4 pounds lean ground turkey; 1 teaspoon vegetable oil; 3/4 pound cholesterol-free egg noodles such as No Yolks; 1 small onion; 2 1/2 tablespoons cornstarch; 3 cups beef broth (24 fluid ounces); 3 tablespoons medium-dry Sherry; 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce | INSTRUCTIONS: Make meatballs: Into a blender tear 2 bread slices and grind into fine crumbs. Transfer crumbs to a large bowl. Make more bread crumbs in same manner and transfer to bowl. Finely chop enough onion to measure 3/4 cup and add to bread crumbs. In a small bowl whisk together egg, nutmeg, allspice, salt, and pepper and add to bread crumb mixture. Add turkey and with your hands mix mixture until just combined (do not overmix). Form turkey mixture into 1 1/4-inch balls (about 80) and arrange on a tray. Meatballs may be prepared up to this point 1 day ahead and chilled, covered. Preheat oven to 375°F. <END>
INPUT: bars, unsalted butter, granulated sugar, flour, kosher salt, eggs at
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lemon Bars | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 pound unsalted butter, at room temperature; 1/2 cup granulated sugar; 2 cups flour; 1/8 teaspoon kosher salt; 6 extra-large eggs at room temperature; 3 cups granulated sugar; 2 tablespoons grated lemon zest (4 to 6 lemons); 1 cup freshly squeezed lemon juice; 1 cup flour; Confectioners' sugar, for dusting | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. For the crust, cream the butter and sugar until light in the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment. Combine the flour and salt and, with the mixer on low, add to the butter until just mixed. Dump the dough onto a well-floured board and gather into a ball. Flatten the dough with floured hands and press it into a 9 by 13 by 2-inch baking sheet, building up a 1/2-inch edge on all sides. Chill. Bake the crust for 15 to 20 minutes, until very lightly browned. Let cool on a wire rack. Leave the oven on. For the f <END>
INPUT: bread, all purpose flour, cornmeal, baking powder, baking soda, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Buttermilk Corn Bread | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup all-purpose flour; 3/4 cup yellow cornmeal; 1 1/2 teaspoons baking powder; 1/2 teaspoon baking soda; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1 cup well-shaken buttermilk; 2 large eggs; 1/2 stick (1/4 cup) unsalted butter, melted and cooled; 1/2 teaspoon finely chopped fresh sage (optional) | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 425°F. Whisk together flour, cornmeal, baking powder, baking soda, and salt in a bowl. Whisk together buttermilk, eggs, butter, and sage (if using) in another bowl, then add to flour mixture and stir until just combined. Spread batter evenly in a buttered 8-inch square baking pan and bake in middle of oven until golden, about 25 minutes. Cool in pan on a rack, then coarsely crumble. Preheat oven to 425°F. Whisk together flour, cornmeal, baking powder, baking soda, and salt in a bowl. Whisk together buttermilk, eggs, butter, and sage (if using) in another bowl, then add to flour <END>
INPUT: chili, oysters, leeks, bell pepper, poblano pepper, olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Seared Oysters Braised Leeks and Chili | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 12 oysters, pemaquid or malpecques; 2 leeks; 1 red bell pepper; 1 poblano pepper; 1-ounce olive oil; 1 tablespoon sherry vinegar; 2 ounces butter | INSTRUCTIONS: Shuck all the oysters and remove from the shell. Do not discard the shell. Slice the leeks and wash them very well. In a small saute pan sweat leeks until tender and keep them warm. Slice all the peppers very thinly in small strips, cook them with olive oil until tender and add the sherry vinegar. Place the leeks in the bottom of the shell. Sear the oysters quickly in a very hot pan and put them on top of the leeks. Spoon the peppers on top of each oyster and serve. <END>
INPUT: chile, pudding, unsalted butter additional, heavy cream, fine quality bittersweet, sugar, vanilla
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate Chile Bread Pudding | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon unsalted butter plus additional for greasing ramekin; 1/3 cup heavy cream; 2 ounces fine-quality bittersweet chocolate (not unsweetened or extra-bitter), chopped; 1 1/2 teaspoons sugar; 1/2 teaspoon vanilla; 1/4 teaspoon cinnamon; 1/8 teaspoon cayenne; 1 large egg, lightly beaten; 3/4 cup cubes (1/2 inch) firm white sandwich bread (from about 2 slices); Special equipment: an 8-ounce ramekin or a muffin tin with 1-cup muffin cups; Accompaniment: vanilla ice cream (optional) | INSTRUCTIONS: Put oven rack in middle position and preheat oven to 350°F. Generously butter ramekin or 1 muffin cup. Cook butter (1 tablespoon), cream, chocolate, sugar, vanilla, cinnamon, cayenne, and a pinch of salt in a 1- to 1 1/2-quart heavy saucepan over low heat, stirring constantly, until chocolate is melted and mixture is smooth, 1 to 2 minutes. Remove from heat and whisk in egg until combined. Fold in bread cubes and let stand 5 minutes. Fill ramekin with bread mixture and bake until puffed and set around edge but still moist in center, 15 to 20 minutes. Cool 5 minutes before serving. Put oven rac <END>
INPUT: American, cheesy, very sweet onion, margarine, caraway seed, Grillers Prime® Veggie, mustard Dijon mustard
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cheesy Sauteed Onion Burgers | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 cup very thinly sliced sweet onion; 1 tablespoon margarine; 1/2 teaspoon caraway seed (optional); 4 Grillers Prime® Veggie Burgers or Grillers® Vegan Veggie Burgers; 1 tablespoon brown mustard or Dijon mustard; 2 ounces thinly-sliced Gruyere cheese, Swiss cheese, or soy cheese | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. Cook onion in hot margarine in nonstick frypan over medium-low heat, stirring frequently, for 14 to 18 minutes or until lightly browned. Stir in caraway seed, if desired. 2. Meanwhile, place patties on baking sheet. Bake at 350 degrees F for 8 minutes. Turn patties. Bake 7 minutes more. Spread mustard on top of patties. Top with cheese. Bake for 1 to 2 minutes more or until cheese melts. 3. Spoon onion over top of patties. ON THE GRILL: Preheat grill Use a food thermometer to be sure patties reach minimum internal temperature of 165 degrees F. Helpful Hints: This recipe slowly sautes the on <END>
INPUT: American, barbecue, strawberries, vegetable oil, ketchup, strawberry jam, balsamic vinegar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Strawberry Barbecue Sauce Baked Beans | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 4 cups strawberries (about 1 pound), hulled; 4 teaspoons vegetable oil; 1/2 cup ketchup; 1/4 cup strawberry jam; 1/4 cup balsamic vinegar; 2 tablespoons blackstrap molasses; 2 tablespoons soy sauce; 2 teaspoons dijon mustard; 1 canned chipotle chile in adobo sauce, chopped; 1 clove garlic, grated; 1/2 cup finely diced onion; 1/2 cup finely diced red bell pepper; 2 15-ounce cans pinto beans, drained and rinsed; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh parsley, for topping | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat a charcoal or gas grill to medium high. Skewer the strawberries and coat with 2 teaspoons vegetable oil. Grill until lightly charred on all sides, 1 1/2 minutes total. Remove the strawberries from the skewers. In a medium saucepan, combine the strawberries, ketchup, jam, balsamic vinegar, molasses, soy sauce, mustard, chile and garlic. Cook over medium-low heat until the strawberries start breaking down, about 15 minutes. Preheat the oven to 300 degrees F. Using an immersion blender, blend the strawberry mixture until smooth. Continue to cook until the sauce is reduced by one-third, ab <END>
INPUT: Asian, beef, Two packages ramen, skirt steak, chicken broth, teriyaki sauce, cornstarch
OUTPUT: TITLE: Beef with Broccoli Teriyaki and Ramen Noodles | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: Two 3-ounce packages ramen noodles; 1 pound boneless skirt steak; 1/4 cup chicken broth; 3 tablespoons teriyaki sauce, such as Kikkoman; 2 teaspoons cornstarch; 1 teaspoon sugar; 1/2 teaspoon toasted sesame oil; 5 tablespoons plus1 teaspoon vegetable oil; 4 cups broccoli florets (from 2 to 3 heads); 1 tablespoon finely chopped ginger (about one 1/2-inch piece); 2 cloves garlic, minced (about 1 tablespoon); 4 green onions, thinly sliced, plus more for garnish, optional; Toasted sesame seeds, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Cover the noodles with hot water in a large bowl and place a small plate on top to keep them submerged; set aside to soak for 5 minutes. Drain the noodles well and set aside. Discard the flavor pouches or reserve for another use. Cut the beef crosswise into 2- to 3-inch pieces and then rotate a quarter turn and slice thinly lengthwise across the grain, about 1/4-inch thick. Stir together the chicken broth, teriyaki sauce, cornstarch, sugar and sesame oil in a small bowl or measuring cup and set aside. Heat 1 tablespoon of the vegetable oil in a wok or a large nonstick skillet over high heat un <END>
INPUT: muffins, unbleached all purpose, baking soda, dark sugar, cinnamon, smashed bananas
OUTPUT: TITLE: Banana Muffins | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 1/2 cups unbleached all-purpose flour; 1/2 teaspoon baking soda; 3/4 cup dark brown sugar; 1/4 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 2 cups smashed bananas (about 4 to 6 bananas); 1/2 cup vegetable oil; 1/2 cup milk; 2 large eggs, at room temperature; 1/8 teaspoon fine salt; 1/2 teaspoon pure vanilla extract; 3/4 cups chopped walnuts | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Lightly brush a 12-muffin tin with butter and set aside. Whisk the flour, baking soda, brown sugar, and cinnamon together in a medium bowl; set aside. Whisk the banana, oil, milk, eggs, salt, and vanilla in a large measuring cup with a spout or another bowl. Make a small well in the center of the dry ingredients. Pour wet ingredients into the center; then stir with a wooden spoon until the dry ingredients are moistened but still lumpy. Do not overmix the batter or your muffins will come out dense. Gently stir in the nuts. Divide the batter evenly into the muf <END>
INPUT: soup, Good olive oil, shallots, garlic, chicken stock, peas
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spanish Pea Soup with Crispy Ham | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Good olive oil; 1/2 cup chopped shallots (2 large shallots); 1 tablespoon minced garlic (3 cloves); 4 cups chicken stock, preferably homemade; 2 pounds frozen peas, such as Bird's Eye Sweet Garden; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 6 thin slices Spanish Serrano ham or Italian prosciutto | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. In a deep (8 x 5-inch) heavy-bottomed saucepan, heat 2 tablespoons of olive oil over medium heat. Add the shallots and saute for 3 to 5 minutes, stirring occasionally, until tender and lightly browned. Add the garlic and cook for 1 more minute. Add the chicken stock, frozen peas, 2 teaspoons salt, and 1 teaspoon pepper and bring to a boil. Lower the heat and simmer for 5 minutes. Puree with an immersion blender until coarsely pureed. (I like it to have some texture.) Alternatively, use a blender to puree the soup 1 cup at a time. Pour the soup back into the pot a <END>
INPUT: plate, Osetra caviar, eggs, lemon, onion, chives
OUTPUT: TITLE: Caviar Plate | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Osetra caviar; 3 eggs, hard boiled; 1 lemon, cut into wedges; 1 small red onion, small diced; 1/4 cup chopped chives; 1/4 cup creme fraiche; 1/4 cup melted butter; Blini (mini-crepes); Toast points | INSTRUCTIONS: Place the caviar tin in a small bowl of ice, to keep cold. Peel eggs and separate the whites and yolks. Chop yolks and whites separately. Place caviar on a platter and surround with small bowls of chopped egg yolks and whites, lemon wedges, red onion, chives, creme fraiche, melted butter, blini, and toast points. <END>
INPUT: puddings, unsalted butter, all purpose flour, light corn syrup, Medjool dates, Pedro Ximénez sherry
OUTPUT: TITLE: Warm Date and Almond Puddings | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup plus 1 tbsp unsalted butter, plus extra to grease; all-purpose flour, to dust; 3/8 cup light corn syrup, slightly warmed; 12 Medjool dates; 1 tbsp Pedro Ximénez sherry; 2/3 cup superfine sugar; 2 organic large eggs; scant 1/2 cup self-rising flour; small pinch of salt; 1 tsp baking powder; 1/3 cup ground almonds; finely grated zest of 1 orange | INSTRUCTIONS: Butter and flour 6 individual ovenproof bowls, about 2/3 cup capacity. Set on a baking sheet and spoon 1 tbsp corn syrup into each of the molds (this will become the sticky topping). Set aside. Remove the pits from the dates and chop them into small pieces. Place in a bowl and add the sherry and just enough boiling water to cover. Let soak for 10 minutes. Preheat the oven to 375°F (convection oven to 375°F). Cream the butter and sugar together either by hand or using an electric mixer until soft, light, and creamy. Add the eggs, one at a time, beating well after each addition. (The mixture may <END>
INPUT: American, toasts, crumbled cheese, rounds sourdough baguette, Sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Blue Cheese Toasts | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup crumbled blue cheese; 2 tablespoons (1/4 stick) butter, room temperature; 12 1/2-inch-thick rounds sourdough baguette; Sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat broiler. Mix cheese and butter in small bowl. Spread cheese mixture over bread rounds, dividing equally. Arrange rounds on baking sheet. Sprinkle each lightly with sugar. Broil until topping is just brown and cheese softens, about 1 minute. Transfer toasts to platter. Preheat broiler. Mix cheese and butter in small bowl. Spread cheese mixture over bread rounds, dividing equally. Arrange rounds on baking sheet. Sprinkle each lightly with sugar. Broil until topping is just brown and cheese softens, about 1 minute. Transfer toasts to platter. <END>
INPUT: Italian, mousse, raspberry jam, whipping cream, powdered sugar, raspberries
OUTPUT: TITLE: Raspberry-Ricotta Mousse | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 (15-ounce) container whole milk ricotta cheese; 1/2 cup raspberry jam; 1 cup whipping cream; 3 tablespoons powdered sugar; 1 cup fresh raspberries | INSTRUCTIONS: In a food processor, blend the ricotta cheese until light and fluffy, about 20 seconds. Add the jam and pulse until combined. Transfer to a large bowl. In a separate bowl, using an electric hand mixer, beat the cream until thick. Add the powdered sugar and continue to beat until the cream holds stiff peaks. Working in batches, carefully fold the cream mixture into the ricotta mixture. Spoon the mousse into serving bowls and refrigerate for 1 hour. Garnish with fresh raspberries and serve. <END>
INPUT: Asian, beersorbet, slightly under Anjou, honey, sugar, butter, vanilla bean
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pear Sauteed with Red Beer, Fresh Ginger Cake, and Red BeerSorbet | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 2 slightly under ripe Anjou pears; 2 tablespoons honey; 2 tablespoons sugar; 2 tablespoons butter; 1 vanilla bean; 1 cup red beer; 1 cup heavy cream; 2 cups red beer; 1 cup simple syrup; 4 (3 inch by 3 inch pieces) ginger cake, store-bought or other flavors ok; 1 vanilla bean, for garnish; 4 ginger cookies, store bought ok | INSTRUCTIONS: Sauteed Pears: Peel, quarter, and core the pears. In a pot, place the honey, sugar, 2 tablespoons of butter, vanilla bean, and red beer, and cook. Add the pears and cook for 3 to 4 minutes, or until brown. Remove the pears when softened and reserve until needed. Add the cream and reduce the sauce by 1/2, remove the vanilla bean. Sorbet: Mix the red beer with the simple syrup. Mix well freeze according to manufacturer's instructions. Place in the freezer for at least 2 hours before serving. Place a piece of or an individual ginger cake on each of 4 plates. Fan the quartered pears and place 2 on <END>
INPUT: gratin, Russet potatoes, milk, nutmeg, Salt, butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Potato Gratin | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 pounds Russet potatoes, peeled; Whole milk, to cook potatoes; Freshly grated nutmeg; Salt; 3 tablespoons raw butter; 1 1/2 cups grated gruyere; White pepper, to taste; 2 cloves fresh garlic, cut in half lengthwise; 1 cup heavy cream | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 375 degrees. Slice the potatoes into coins between 1/8 and 1/4-inch thick. In a large sauce pot combine the potatoes, milk, a little nutmeg, salt and 1 1/2 tablespoons raw butter. Bring to a boil over moderate heat, stirring occasionally to keep potatoes from sticking to the bottom and scorching. Lower heat and cook another 10 minutes or less until potatoes are tender, but not falling apart. Check the potatoes as soon as the milk boils, as they may be ready before you expect. Remove potatoes from the hot milk. Rub the bottom of the gratin dish with the garlic and the remaining  <END>
INPUT: Mexican, sugar, flour, butter, water, beans
OUTPUT: TITLE: Coconut and Lime Pie | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 4 ounces sugar; 8 ounces flour; 4 ounces butter, salted, cubed, chilled; 4 ounces cold water; 8 ounces dried beans; 30 ounces milk; 1 vanilla pod; 6 eggs, separated; 6 ounces sugar; 3 ounces flour; 1 coconut, cut in 1/2 to yield 4 ounces coconut milk and 4 ounces coconut flesh, grated; 3 limes, juiced; Pinch salt; 1-ounce dried coconut | INSTRUCTIONS: For Pastry: Sift sugar and flour into bowl and cut in chilled butter. Blend in cold water until it forms a ball and set aside to rest. Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Roll out rested pastry to 1/8-inch thick, 3 inches wider than diameter of pie shell. Fit dough inside pie shell and trim edges. Place circle of waxed paper over base of pastry, cover with dried beans and bake for 40 minutes. Remove paper and beans and bake 5 more minutes. Remove from oven and cool. Scald milk with vanilla bean. Meanwhile, in large bowl, combine egg yolks and 1/2 of the sugar and beat well. Slowly stir in flour. Gr <END>
INPUT: blueberry, muffins, paper muffin liners, all purpose flour, baking powder, cornmeal
OUTPUT: TITLE: Blueberry Lemon Corn Muffins | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: paper muffin cup liners; 1/2 stick (1/4 cup) unsalted butter; 3/4 cup all-purpose flour; 1 1/2 teaspoons baking powder; 1/2 cup yellow cornmeal; 1/2 cup plus 1 tablespoon sugar; 1 tablespoon freshly grated lemon zest; 1/2 cup whole milk; 2 large egg yolks; 1/2 cup blueberries | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 375°F. and line six 1/3-cup muffin cups with paper liners. Melt butter and cool. Into a large bowl sift together flour and baking powder and whisk in cornmeal, 1/2 cup sugar, lemon zest, and a generous pinch salt. In a bowl whisk together melted butter, milk, and yolks and add to flour mixture with half of blueberries, gently stirring until just combined. Divide batter evenly among cups (batter will fill cups) and press remaining blueberries into tops of muffins. Sprinkle tops of muffins evenly with remaining tablespoon sugar. Bake muffins in middle of oven about 15 minutes, or <END>
INPUT: Italian, bolognese, virgin olive oil, meat choice, wine, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Gnocchi Bolognese with Ricotta | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 1 pound ground meat of choice (beef, veal or pork); 1/2 cup red wine; 1 large yellow onion, diced; 8 cups (2 quarts) prepared red sauce, such as marinara; 3 tablespoons minced fresh thyme; 2 cloves garlic, thinly sliced or minced; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 cups heavy cream; 4 cups cooked gnocchi; 1/2 cup ricotta; 1/4 cup grated Parmesan | INSTRUCTIONS: In a saucepan over medium-high heat, add the olive oil and heat to the verge of smoking. Add the ground meat and cook, stirring, for 2 minutes. Reduce the heat to medium and continue to stir and cook until the meat is medium well, about 5 minutes. Next, deglaze the pan with the wine, stirring and scraping. Then add the onions and continue to cook until well cooked off, an additional 5 minutes. To the same pan, add the red sauce, thyme, garlic and salt and pepper to taste. Continue to cook over medium heat until the sauce comes to a boil; reduce the heat to low and simmer for 30 minutes. Add th <END>
INPUT: salad, dressing, shallot, walnut oil olive, Champagne vinegar wine, slender beans, arugula
OUTPUT: TITLE: Arugula and Green Bean Salad with Walnut Oil Dressing | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 large shallot, chopped; 1/4 cup walnut oil or olive oil; 1 tablespoon Champagne vinegar or white wine vinegar; 1 pound slender green beans, trimmed; 4 ounces arugula (about 8 cups); 3 hard-boiled eggs, peeled, coarsely chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: Whisk first 3 ingredients in small bowl. Season dressing with salt and pepper. Cook green beans in large pot of boiling salted water until crisp-tender, about 6 minutes. Drain. Refresh under cold running water. Drain well. Transfer to large bowl. Add arugula and half of eggs. Drizzle with dressing; toss to coat. Top with remaining eggs. Whisk first 3 ingredients in small bowl. Season dressing with salt and pepper. Cook green beans in large pot of boiling salted water until crisp-tender, about 6 minutes. Drain. Refresh under cold running water. Drain well. Transfer to large bowl. Add arugula an <END>
INPUT: biscuits, sifted all purpose, sugar, baking powder, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sweet-Cream Biscuits | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 3/4 cups sifted all purpose flour; 1 tablespoon sugar; 1 tablespoon baking powder; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 6 tablespoons (3/4 stick) chilled unsalted butter, cut into pieces; 3/4 cup chilled whipping cream | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 450°F. Sift flour, sugar, baking powder and salt into large bowl. Using pastry blender or fingertips, cut in butter until mixture resembles coarse meal. Add whipping cream to dry ingredients and stir until just combined; do not overmix. Turn out onto lightly floured surface and knead just until dough forms. Pat out dough to 1/4-inch thickness. Cut out rounds using floured 3/4- to 1-inch-diameter cutter. Gather dough scraps and pat out to 1/4-inch thickness. Cut out additional rounds. Repeat gathering, patting out and cutting out dough rounds until all dough is used. Transfer ro <END>
INPUT: olive oil, butter, shallots, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fettuccini with King Oyster Mushrooms | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 (16-ounce) package fettuccini; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 4 tablespoons butter; 2 shallots, diced; 3 cloves garlic, minced; 1 teaspoon fresh thyme leaves; 5 King Oyster mushrooms (trumpet or oyster), coarsely chopped; 1/4 cup white wine; 1/2 cup whipping cream; 2 cups baby spinach; 1 cup fresh chives, cut into 1-inch pieces; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook the pasta according to the package instructions. Heat the olive oil and the butter together in a saute pan over medium-high heat. Stir in the shallots and garlic, and saute until they are light brown. Add in the thyme and mushrooms, and saute until the mushrooms are golden brown. Deglaze the pan with the white wine, stirring to bring all the flavors together. Pour in the cream, and stir to combine. Allow the sauce to reduce until it becomes thick and coats the back of a spoon. Add the spinach to the cream, and toss together to coat evenly. Once the pasta has cooked, drain the water, and t <END>
INPUT: gratin, plantains, vegetable oil, Kosher salt, aged Cheddar cheese, onions
OUTPUT: TITLE: Plantain Gratin | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 ripe plantains, peeled and halved lengthwise; 1 teaspoon vegetable oil; Kosher salt; 1 cup grated aged white Cheddar cheese; 3 green onions, trimmed and chopped; Pickled Topping, recipe follows; 1/4 cup fresh cilantro leaves; 1/2 cup white wine vinegar; 1/4 cup water; 1/2 cinnamon stick; 1 shallot, cut into 1/4-inch thick slices; 2 jalapenos, seeded and cut into 1/4-inch thick slices; 1 tablespoon sugar; Kosher salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the broiler. Place the plantains in a baking dish, and drizzle them with the vegetable oil, and season with salt to taste. Broil the plantains for 5 to 7 minutes, or until they are slightly caramelized. Sprinkle the cheese and green onions over the plantains and continue broiling for 3 to 4 minutes, or until the cheese melts. Transfer the plantains to a serving dish and garnish with the Pickled Topping and fresh cilantro leaves. In a small pot, bring the white wine vinegar, water and cinnamon stick to a boil. Add in the shallot, jalapenos, and sugar, and then remove the pot from the he <END>
INPUT: stew, celery, onion, all purpose flour, oil, butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Venison Stew | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 stalks celery, chopped; 1 large onion, coarsely chopped; 6 tablespoons all-purpose flour; 1/4 cup oil; 4 tablespoons butter; 2 cups beef stock; 1 pound whole new potatoes; 1 tablespoon dried oregano; 1 tablespoon whole peppercorns; 2 bay leaves; 2 large carrots, chopped in large chunks; 1/2 cup salt pork; 1 pound venison shank; 2 pounds venison ham meat; 1 tablespoon garlic powder | INSTRUCTIONS: Chop the salt pork into chunks and render it down in a pan until it's crispy like bacon. Split the venison shank into 2 large pieces, and then chop the venison ham meat and shank into large chunks. Add the venison to the salt pork in the pan and brown the meat, about 10 minutes. While browning, add the garlic powder, chile flakes and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Next, add 2 tablespoons of the flour to the meat and mix it in to form a sort of gravy. Remove the meat and set it aside. Add the oil, butter and remaining 4 tablespoons flour to the empty pan and cook over medium heat to form a roux <END>
INPUT: cabbage, soup, meat, uncooked rice, salt, pepper, cumin
OUTPUT: TITLE: Un-Stuffed Cabbage Soup | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 pounds ground meat (or your favorite blend of veal, pork and beef); 1 cup uncooked rice; 1 tablespoon salt; 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 1/4 teaspoon ground cumin; 1/2 medium onion, minced; 2 tablespoons minced garlic (about 3 cloves); 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1 cup coarsely minced onion; 1 cup thinly sliced carrots; 1 cup tomato paste; 1/2 cup brown sugar; 1/2 cup ketchup; One 28-ounce can whole peeled tomatoes with juice; Salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: For the meatballs: In a large bowl, combine the ground meat, rice, salt, pepper, cumin and onions. Form into 1-inch balls and set aside while you make the soup. For the soup: In a 6-quart pot, sweat the garlic in the olive oil until white in color. Add the onions and sweat until translucent. Then add 1 1/2 cups water, the carrots, tomato paste, brown sugar, ketchup and whole tomatoes with juice. Season with salt and pepper and simmer at a lively bubble for 10 minutes. Crush the whole tomatoes with a potato masher or fork. Continue to simmer until the carrots are tender, about 10 more minutes.  <END>
INPUT: Italian, bolognese, olive oil, chicken, onion, garlic, carrots
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken Bolognese with Penne | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1 pound ground chicken; 1/2 cup finely chopped red onion; 4 cloves garlic, minced; 1/2 cup finely chopped carrots; 1/2 cup finely chopped celery; 1 tablespoon thyme leaves; Pinch chili flakes; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1/2 cup dry white wine; 2 cups tomato sauce; 1/2 cup tomato juice; 1/2 cup grated Parmesan, plus more for garnish; 1/4 cup chopped fresh parsley leaves; 1 pound penne pasta | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat a large saute pan over high heat. Add the olive oil and heat. When the oil is hot, add the ground chicken and cook until well browned, stirring occasionally, about 8 minutes. Add the onion, garlic, carrots, celery, thyme, and chili flakes and cook until the vegetables are softened, about 5 to 8 minutes. Carefully deglaze the pan with the white wine, scraping the bottom of the pan with a wooden spoon. Reduce until the white wine is almost completely evaporated. Add the tomato sauce and juice and simmer until a thick sauce consistency, about 20 minutes. Season, to taste, with salt and peppe <END>
INPUT: cupcakes, all purpose flour, sugar, baking powder, baking soda
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tomato Soup Cupcakes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 1/4 cups all-purpose flour; 1 1/3 cups sugar; 4 teaspoons baking powder; 1 teaspoon baking soda; 1/2 teaspoon ground cloves; 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1 (10.75-ounce) can tomato soup; 16 tablespoons (2 sticks) unsalted butter, melted; 4 large eggs, lightly beaten | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. In a medium bowl, whisk together the flour, sugar, baking powder, baking soda, cloves and cinnamon. In a large bowl, whisk together the soup and butter until well combined. Stir in the eggs and 1/2 cup water. Fold in the flour mixture to the tomato soup mixture just until combined. In a 12-cup muffin tin fitted with paper liners, divide the batter. Bake until the cakes test clean when pierced with a toothpick, about 18 minutes. <END>
INPUT: American, butter, Cheddar cheese powder, mustard powder, cayenne pepper, popped popcorn
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cheddar Cheese Popcorn | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons melted butter; 1/4 cup Cheddar cheese powder, plus 1 tablespoon; 1/4 teaspoon mustard powder; 1/4 teaspoon cayenne pepper; 4 cups popped popcorn; Salt and pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large bowl, combine the butter, Cheddar cheese powder, mustard powder, cayenne pepper and the popcorn. Season with salt and pepper, to taste and toss to combine. Serve immediately. <END>
INPUT: American, pancakes, onion, salt, pepper, unsalted butter, milk cottage cheese
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cottage Cheese Pancakes | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1/3 cup chopped onion; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 1/4 teaspoon black pepper; 7 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted; 1 1/2 cups whole-milk cottage cheese; 3 large eggs; 6 tablespoons all-purpose flour | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 200°F. Cook onion, 1/8 teaspoon salt, and 1/8 teaspoon pepper in 2 tablespoons butter in a small heavy skillet over moderately low heat, stirring occasionally, until golden brown, about 12 minutes. Transfer to a bowl, then add cottage cheese, eggs, flour, 1/4 cup butter, remaining 1/8 teaspoon salt, and remaining 1/8 teaspoon pepper and whisk until combined. Brush a 12-inch nonstick skillet with some of remaining butter and heat over moderate heat until hot but not smoking. Working in batches of 5, scoop 1/8-cup measures of batter into skillet and cook until undersides are gold <END>
INPUT: fillet, sauce, wine, shallots onion, mussels, unsalted butter olive
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fish Fillet with Clam Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 (1 - pound) flatfish such as sole, flounder, sand dab, or fluke; 1 cup dry white wine; 2 shallots or 1 medium onion, finely chopped; 1 pound mussels, preferably small cultivated, scrubbed and beards removed, or 24 littleneck or Manila clams, scrubbed; 1 tablespoon unsalted butter or olive oil; 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice; 2 tablespoons finely chopped parsley; 1 tablespoon beurre manie (11/2teaspoons butter worked to a paste with 11/2 teaspoons flour; 1/2 cup heavy cream or; 1/4 cup garlic, potato, asparagus, or sorrel puree | INSTRUCTIONS: Depending on what kind of flatfish you're using, either remove the top dark skin by pulling it off or cutting it off with a sharp or - if the skin is relatively thin- leave it attached or scale it. Scrape the bottom white side to remove any scales and remove the sharp fins with scissors. (Or ask your fishmonger to do all of this.) Rinse the fish in cold water. Preheat the oven to 400 degrees. In a 4-quart pot, bring the wine to a simmer with the shallots. Add the mussels or clams, cover, and steam until they open - about 7 minutes for mussels, 12 minutes for clams. Take the mussels or clams ou <END>
INPUT: tagliatelle, zucchini, cucumber, Vidalia Maui onion, lemon peel
OUTPUT: TITLE: Zucchini "Tagliatelle" with Mint, Cucumber, and Lemon | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 small to medium zucchini (about 1 1/2 pounds total), trimmed; 1 large cucumber (about 13 ounces), peeled, seeded, diced; 1 cup finely chopped Vidalia or Maui onion; 1 1/2 cups (loosely packed) fresh mint leaves, coarsely chopped, divided; 2 teaspoons finely grated lemon peel; 4 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 2 tablespoons pistachio oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Using mandoline or V-slicer and working with 1 zucchini at a time, thinly slice lengthwise, discarding first strip. Slice up to seeded core; turn zucchini and continue to slice until only rectangle of seeded core remains; discard core. Place slices in medium bowl. Add cucumber, onion, 1/2 of chopped mint, and lemon peel. Whisk lemon juice and pistachio oil in small bowl, then pour over zucchini mixture; toss to coat. Season with salt and generously with pepper. Cover zucchini mixture and refrigerate at least 1 hour and up to 3 hours. Sprinkle remaining chopped mint over salad and toss to coat. <END>
INPUT: trifle, pears, granulated sugar, Riesling wine, salt, lemon juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pear Riesling Trifle | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 8 ripe firm pears; 1 1/2 cups granulated sugar; 1/4 cup Riesling wine; Pinch of salt; 2 tablespoons freshly squeezed lemon juice; 8 large egg yolks; 1/2 cup granulated sugar; 3/4 cup Riesling wine; Pinch of salt; 1 1/4 cups heavy whipping cream; 1 recipe Vanilla Genoise (recipe follows) | INSTRUCTIONS: Pears: Peel, core and slice the pears 1/2-inch thick. Combine the pears in a large saute pan with the sugar, Riesling, salt, and lemon juice. Cook over medium-high heat until the juices start to evaporate, 10 to 15 minutes. In a food processor, roughly puree the pears. Set aside to cool.; Riesling Sabayon: Fill a medium saucepan 1/3 full of water. Bring the water to a low boil. Fill a medium bowl with ice water. Set aside. In a stainless steel bowl, whisk together the egg yolks, sugar, Riesling, and salt. Set the bowl into the pot of water, making sure that the water doesn't touch the bottom o <END>
INPUT: American, pudding, lingonberries, wide egg noodles, eggs, farmer cheese, sugar, sour cream
OUTPUT: TITLE: Noodle Pudding with Farmer Cheese and Lingonberries | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 8 ounces medium-wide egg noodles; 3 large eggs; 8 ounces farmer cheese, pot cheese, or cottage cheese, crumbled; 1/4 cup brown sugar; 1 cup sour cream; 1/2 cup whole, 2 percent fat, or 1 percent fat milk; Pinch salt; 1/2 teaspoon pure vanilla extract; 1 pinch cinnamon; 1 pinch nutmeg; 1/4 cup apple juice concentrate, thawed; 4 tablespoons (1/2 stick) unsalted butter, cold and cut into pieces; 3/4 cup lingonberry preserves, or cranberry sauce; 1 1/2 teaspoons sugar mixed with 1 pinch cinnamon; Sour cream, for serving (optional) | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring a large pot of water to a boil, add the noodles, and boil until cooked through but not mushy. Drain well and set aside. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees and butter an 8 by 8-inch baking dish. In a large bowl, whisk the eggs until frothy. Whisk in the cheese, brown sugar, sour cream, milk, salt, vanilla, cinnamon, nutmeg and apple juice concentrate. Add the drained noodles, butter pieces and lingonberry preserves and mix. Pour into the prepared pan, sprinkle with cinnamon sugar, and bake until the pudding is set and butter is bubbling around the edges, 30 to 40 minutes. Let cool 10 minutes <END>
INPUT: Indian, summer, sugar, vanilla bean, unbleached all purpose, unpeeled peaches
OUTPUT: TITLE: Summer Peach Pie with Vanilla and Cardamom | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 2/3 cup plus 2 teaspoons sugar; 1/2 vanilla bean, cut crosswise into 1/2-inch pieces; 3 tablespoons unbleached all purpose flour; 1 teaspoon (scant) ground cardamom; 3 3/4 pounds firm but ripe unpeeled peaches, halved, pitted, each half cut into 4 slices (about 10 cups); 2 Best-Ever Pie Crust dough disks; 2 tablespoons (1/4 stick) unsalted butter, cut into 1/2-inch cubes; Whipping cream (for glaze); Vanilla ice cream | INSTRUCTIONS: Position rack in bottom third of oven and preheat to 400°F. Combine 2/3 cup sugar and vanilla bean in processor; blend until vanilla bean is very finely minced. Sift vanilla sugar through strainer into large bowl; discard any large bits in strainer. Mix flour and cardamom into vanilla sugar. Add peaches to flour-sugar mixture and toss gently to coat. Roll out 1 pie crust disk on floured surface to 12-inch round. Transfer to 9-inch-diameter glass pie dish. Trim dough overhang to 1/2 inch. Spoon peach mixture into crust; dot with butter. Roll out second pie crust disk on lightly floured surface  <END>
INPUT: doughnuts, eggs, lemon juice, coconut extract
OUTPUT: TITLE: Coconut Doughnuts | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 eggs, at room temperature; 1/2 cup (100 g) natural cane sugar; 1 1/4 cups (310 ml) unsweetened coconut milk; 2 tablespoons freshly squeezed lemon juice; 2 teaspoons coconut extract; 1/4 cup (60 ml) coconut oil, melted; 1 1/4 cups (175 g) superfine brown rice flour, plus more for dusting; 1 cup plus 1 tablespoon (110 g) almond flour; 1/2 cup (80 g) potato starch; 1/2 cup (60 g) coconut flour; 1/4 cup (30 g) tapioca starch; 2 teaspoons baking powder; 1 teaspoon baking soda; 1 teaspoon salt; Vegetable oil, for frying | INSTRUCTIONS: Make the doughnuts 1. In a medium bowl, whisk together the first six ingredients. In a large bowl, whisk together the superfine brown rice flour, almond flour, potato starch, coconut flour, tapioca starch, baking powder, baking soda, and salt. Add the wet ingredients to the dry and whisk until the dough comes together. Knead it with your hands a couple of times. It will be soft. 2. Dust a work surface with a generous amount of superfine brown rice flour. Turn the dough out onto your work surface and dust another bit of flour on top of the dough. Pat the dough down a bit. As the dough sits, it  <END>
INPUT: salad, olive oil, chickpeas from two, tomatoes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fresh Salmon Salad with Chickpeas and Tomatoes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 tablespoons olive oil, divided; 6 (5- to 6-ounce) salmon fillets (about 2 pounds); 2 cups chickpeas from two (15-ounce) cans, drained, rinsed; 1 1/2 cups chopped tomatoes; 1/4 cup (scant) Niçoise olives or other small black olives; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh Italian parsley; 2 tablespoons fresh orange juice; 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice; 1 tablespoon salt-packed capers, rinsed, or drained capers in brine; 1 tablespoon grated orange peel; 1 teaspoon grated lemon peel; 2 tablespoons fresh basil leaves, torn if large | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat 1 tablespoon oil in each of 2 heavy large skillets. Sprinkle salmon with salt and pepper. Add 3 fillets to each skillet and cook until almost cooked through, about 3 minutes per side. Cool slightly. Heat remaining 4 tablespoons oil in large skillet over medium-high heat.Add chickpeas and all remaining ingredients except basil. Stir until warm. Season with salt and pepper. Divide chickpea mixture among 6 plates. Tear salmon into 1- to 1 1/2-inch pieces; scatter over chickpeas. Garnish with basil leaves and serve. Heat 1 tablespoon oil in each of 2 heavy large skillets. Sprinkle salmon with <END>
INPUT: American, croutons, grain baguette other, garlic, Swiss cheese
OUTPUT: TITLE: Garlic and Swiss Cheese Croutons | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 whole-grain baguette or other whole-grain country-style loaf; 1 clove garlic; 6 ounces cold Swiss cheese | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat broiler. Diagonally cut 6 (1/2-inch) thick slices from bread, reserving remainder for another use. Grate the cheese. On a baking sheet, toast both sides of the bread slices under the broiler about 4 inches from heat, leaving the broiler on. Rub the toast with garlic. Top toasts with cheese and broil until cheese is just melted, about 2 minutes. <END>
INPUT: American, syrup, wine, sugar, piece vanilla bean, pears, juice lemon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pears Grilled in Vanilla Wine Syrup | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups dry white wine; 1/4 cup sugar; 2" piece of vanilla bean (optional); 4 medium ripe pears, halved lengthwise and cored; juice of 1/2 lemon; 2 cups low fat ricotta cheese; extra virgin olive oil for drizzling; freshly ground black pepper, to taste | INSTRUCTIONS: Procedure for Syrup: Start this ahead while you are grilling other courses. Line bottom of heavy skillet to protect from soot. Add wine and sugar, slit vanilla bean open lengthwise and scrape out seeds with tip of pairing knife, adding these (and entire vanilla bean) to wine mixture. Allow mixture to boil on the grill until it becomes reduced to about 1/2 cup and has a slightly syrupy texture. Set aside until needed. Procedure for Pears: With a pairing knife, slice the bottom of each pear half into 1/2 inch thick slices (about 2/3 of the way towards stem, leaving the stem end intact.) Fan the  <END>
INPUT: Asian, soy sauce, ginger, Kosher salt pepper, lemon juice, chicken
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tangy Root Beer Can Chicken | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 2 teaspoons soy sauce; 3 thick slices ginger; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice; One 3- to 4-pound chicken, giblets removed; Two 12-ounce cans root beer; 2 tablespoons white wine vinegar; 2 tablespoons molasses; 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine 1 can of the root beer, the vinegar, molasses, mustard, soy sauce, ginger slices, 1/4 teaspoon salt, and a few grinds of pepper in a small saucepan. Bring to a simmer over medium heat; adjust the heat and simmer until the mixture is syrupy and coats the back of a spoon, 15 to 20 minutes. Remove the ginger and whisk in the lemon juice. Let cool to room temperature. (The glaze can be made a day ahead.) Preheat the grill. For gas grills (with 3 or more burners), turn all the burners to medium-high heat; after about 15 minutes turn off one of the middle burners and turn the remaining burne <END>
INPUT: salt, beans, vegetable oil, onion, rice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Black Beans and Rice | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon salt; 1 pound dried black beans, rinsed and checked for stones or impurities; 1 tablespoon vegetable oil; 1 onion, small dice; 3 cups rice; 1 (8-ounce) bag frozen okra, defrosted; 5 fresh tomatoes, cut into wedges | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring 2 quarts water to a boil in a large saucepan. Add salt and beans. Allow beans to re-hydrate by boiling for 15 minutes, skimming off "scum" from surface of water, and allowing it to sit, covered, for 1 hour. Heat oil in a separate pot, and saute onion until it begins to turn translucent. Add 6 cups of water to this pot, and then add rice, allowing to simmer until water is absorbed and rice is soft, about 20 minutes. Stir okra into pot of rice to warm okra. Gently mix rice and okra with beans and tomatoes in a bowl and serve. <END>
INPUT: shortcakes, whipped, egg yolks, flavorless vegetable oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Corn Flour Shortcakes with Blackberries and Whipped Cream | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup (110 grams) granulated sugar, divided; 3 large egg yolks, at room temperature; 1/4 cup flavorless vegetable oil (such as corn or safflower); 1/2 cup (70 grams) corn flour; 1/4 cup (40 grams) white rice flour (Bob's Red Mill makes a good one); 1 teaspoon baking powder; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 4 large egg whites, at room temperature; 1/4 teaspoon cream of tartar; 2 cups (12 ounces) fresh blackberries; 2 tablespoons granulated sugar; 2 tablespoons lemon juice; 1 1/4 cups heavy cream; 1/4 cup sour cream; Pinch of salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Bake the cake: Position a rack in the lower third of the oven and preheat the oven to 325°F. Line the bottom of the pan with parchment paper but leave the sides unlined and ungreased. Set aside 2 tablespoons of the sugar for later (to stiffen the egg whites). Add the remaining sugar to a large mixing bowl with egg yolks, oil, corn flour, rice flour, baking powder, salt, and 1/4 cup water. Whisk to blend thoroughly. Set aside for 15 minutes to hydrate the corn flour while the oven is heating. In the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the whisk attachment, combine the egg whites and cream of tart <END>
INPUT: Mexican, custard, all purpose flour, sugar, salt, egg
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lime Custard Tart | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup plus 2 tablespoons all-purpose flour; 1/4 cup sugar; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 3/4 stick (6 tablespoons) unsalted butter, softened; 1 large egg, lightly beaten; 6 large eggs; 1 cup heavy cream; 1 cup sugar; 2/3 cup fresh lime juice; Garnish: confectioners sugar; Special equipment: an 8-inch fluted tart pan (2 inches deep) with a removable bottom; pie weights or raw rice | INSTRUCTIONS: Make crust: Pulse together all crust ingredients in a food processor or beat with an electric mixer until a dough forms. Press dough evenly onto bottom and up side of tart pan with floured fingers. Chill shell until firm, about 30 minutes. Preheat oven to 350°F. Line shell with foil and fill with 1 inch of pie weights, then bake in middle of oven until edge is pale golden, about 22 minutes. Carefully remove foil and bake shell until edge is golden and bottom is pale golden, about 20 minutes more. Cool completely in pan on a rack. Pulse together all crust ingredients in a food processor or beat <END>
INPUT: Italian, zucchini, virgin olive oil, Kosher salt pepper, ditalini pasta, shallot
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lemon Pasta-Stuffed Zucchini | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 2 medium zucchini, halved lengthwise; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper; 1/2 cup ditalini pasta; 1 shallot, chopped; 1/2 cup heavy cream; 1/2 cup low-sodium chicken broth; 3/4 cup shredded dill havarti cheese; 3 tablespoons grated parmesan cheese; 1 large egg yolk; 1/4 cup chopped fresh parsley; 1 teaspoon grated lemon zest; 1 tablespoon breadcrumbs | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the broiler and line a baking sheet with foil. Scoop out the seeds from the zucchini, leaving a 1/4-inch-thick shell. Brush the zucchini all over with 1 tablespoon olive oil and season with salt and pepper. Transfer to the baking sheet and broil until just soft, about 1 minute per side; set aside. Meanwhile, bring a saucepan of salted water to a boil. Add the pasta and cook as the label directs; drain. Heat the remaining 1 tablespoon olive oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Add the shallot and cook, stirring, until tender, about 1 minute. Add the heavy cream and chicken broth, br <END>
INPUT: American, salad, beets, olive oil, salt, pepper, pine nuts
OUTPUT: TITLE: Beet Salad with Goat Cheese | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 pound beets, ends trimmed; 1 tablespoon olive oil; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/2 teaspoon freshly cracked black pepper; 1/3 cup pine nuts; 4 ounces goat cheese; 4 cups baby greens; 4 cups baby spinach; Tarragon Dressing, recipe follows; 4 very thin slices red onion, separated; 1/4 cup rice vinegar; 2 teaspoons dried tarragon; 2 teaspoons soy sauce; 1/2 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce; 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Wash and dry the beets and trim off the ends. Take a large sheet of aluminum foil, 12 by18, and double it over. Put the beets in the middle, drizzle with olive oil and season with the salt and pepper. Bring the sides of the foil up around the beets to make a pouch. Put in the hot oven and bake until the beets are tender, about 1 hour 20 minutes. Remove from the oven and let cool. When cool enough to handle, gently peel off the skin and slice into julienne pieces, about 2 inches long by 1/2-inch thick. Chill until ready to use. L <END>
INPUT: stew, wine, bay leaves, thyme, powdered saffron, cayenne pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mussel Stew with Pineau des Charentes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups dry white wine; 2 bay leaves; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh thyme; Pinch of powdered saffron; Pinch of cayenne pepper; 2 pounds mussels, scrubbed, debearded; 3 tablespoons butter; 1/2 cup chopped shallots; 1 tablespoon chopped garlic; 2 tablespoons all purpose flour; 1/3 cup whipping cream; 1/3 cup chopped fresh parsley; 2 tablespoons Pineau des Charentes or 3 tablespoons white grape juice plus 1 1/2 tablespoons Cognac or other brandy | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine first 5 ingredients in large Dutch oven over high heat. Boil 3 minutes. Add mussels. Cover and cook until mussels open, about 4 minutes. Remove from heat. Using slotted spoon, transfer mussels to serving bowl, discarding any that do not open; cover and keep warm. Reserve cooking liquid. Melt butter in heavy large skillet over medium heat. Add shallots and garlic and sauté 3 minutes. Add flour and stir 1 minute. Whisk in reserved cooking liquid. Boil until reduced to 3/4 cup, about 7 minutes. Whisk in cream and parsley. Reduce heat to medium and simmer until liquid is reduced to 1 cup,  <END>
INPUT: buttered, apple cider, water, cinnamon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Hot Buttered Bourbon and Cider | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups apple cider; 1/2 cup water; 3 tablespoons (packed) golden brown sugar; 4 whole cloves; 1 cinnamon stick; 3 tablespoons chilled unsalted butter; 3/4 cup bourbon; 2 1/2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; Ground nutmeg | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring first 5 ingredients to simmer in medium saucepan. Remove from heat; cover and let steep 15 minutes. Add 2 tablespoons chilled butter to saucepan; bring to simmer. Remove from heat. Stir in bourbon and lemon juice. Strain into large measuring cup. Divide hot cider among 4 mugs. Cut 1 tablespoon butter into 4 pieces. Add 1 piece to each mug. Sprinkle nutmeg over. Bring first 5 ingredients to simmer in medium saucepan. Remove from heat; cover and let steep 15 minutes. Add 2 tablespoons chilled butter to saucepan; bring to simmer. Remove from heat. Stir in bourbon and lemon juice. Strain int <END>
INPUT: American, burger, lemons, portobello mushrooms stemmed, goat cheese, thyme leaves, lemon juice, lemon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Stuffed Portobello Mushroom Burger with Grilled Lemons and Garlic Aioli | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 4 portobello mushrooms stemmed; 5 ounces goat cheese; 1-ounce thyme leaves; 2 teaspoons lemon juice, divided; 2 lemon, sliced; 4 whole wheat buns; 2 bunches arugula; 1 tablespoon minced garlic; 1/2 cup mayonnaise | INSTRUCTIONS: Clean gills from mushrooms. Combine goat cheese, thyme, 1 teaspoon lemon juice mix well. Stuff seasoned goat cheese into mushroom cavity. Grill stuffed mushrooms 10 to 15 minutes, add lemons and bread to the grill. Combine garlic, mayonnaise and remaining 1 teaspoon lemon juice for aioli. Spread aioli generously onto bun. Add arugula, grilled mushroom and grilled lemons to burger. <END>
INPUT: butch, onion, ketchup, spicy mustard, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Butch's Baked Beans | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 (28-ounce) can baked beans (recommended: Bush's Baked Beans); 1/4 small onion, diced; 1/4 cup ketchup; 2 tablespoon spicy mustard; 2 tablespoons brown sugar; 1/2 cup chopped or pulled pork shoulder meat | INSTRUCTIONS: Put the beans and onions in a saucepan and heat over medium-high heat until it bubbles. Add ketchup, mustard, and brown sugar. Heat another 5 minutes. When ready to serve, sprinkle the pork meat across the top. Enjoy! <END>
INPUT: crottins, virgin olive oil, mixed mushrooms chanterelle, shallot, garlic, unsalted butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Baked Crottins with Sauteed Mushrooms | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup plus 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 2 pounds mixed fresh mushrooms such as chanterelle, shiitake, oyster, cremini, and white, trimmed, then quartered if large; 1/4 cup finely chopped shallot; 2 teaspoons minced garlic plus 1 whole clove, peeled; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh thyme; 2 teaspoons kosher salt; 1/2 teaspoon black pepper; 1 leek (white and pale green parts only), thinly sliced crosswise; 2 celery ribs, thinly sliced crosswise; 1 carrot, thinly sliced crosswise; 1 Turkish or 1/2 California bay leaf; 1 tablespoon crushed coriander seeds; 2/3 cup concentrated brown chicken stock (see cooks' note, below); 2 1/2 tablespoons Sherry vinegar | INSTRUCTIONS: Sauté mushrooms: Heat 1 tablespoon oil in a 12-inch heavy skillet over moderately high heat until hot but not smoking, then sauté one fourth of mushrooms with 1 tablespoon shallot, 1/2 teaspoon garlic, 1/2 tablespoon butter, 1/2 tablespoon thyme, 1/4 teaspoon kosher salt, and 1/8 teaspoon pepper, stirring, until mushrooms are browned and tender, about 3 minutes. Transfer to a shallow baking pan lined with paper towels (you want the flavor of the butter, but not the grease). Wipe out skillet. Sauté remaining mushrooms with seasoning in 3 batches in same manner, wiping out skillet between batche <END>
INPUT: rundown, eggplant, salt, vegetable oil, onions
OUTPUT: TITLE: Vegetable Rundown | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 medium eggplant (1 to 1 1/4 pounds), unpeeled, cut into 1-inch pieces; 1 teaspoon salt; 1 tablespoon vegetable oil; 2 cups chopped onions; 3/4 cup chopped green onions, divided; 3 large fresh thyme sprigs; 2 garlic cloves, chopped; 1 teaspoon ground allspice; 1/2 Scotch bonnet chile or habanero chile, seeded, minced (1/2 teaspoon); 1 13 1/2- to 14-ounce can unsweetened coconut milk*; 1 14-ounce red-skinned sweet potato (yam), peeled, cut into 3/4-inch pieces; 2 carrots, peeled, coarsely chopped; 1 green bell pepper, coarsely chopped; 1 cup (or more) water; 4 cups coarsely chopped green cabbage (from about 1/4 large head) | INSTRUCTIONS: Place eggplant in colander set over bowl. Sprinkle with 1 teaspoon salt; let stand 20 minutes. Rinse and drain. Heat oil in heavy large pot over medium-high heat. Add onions, 1/2 cup green onions, thyme, garlic, allspice, and chile; sauté until onions are tender, about 8 minutes. Add coconut milk and simmer 3 minutes. Add sweet potato, carrots, bell pepper, and 1 cup water and bring to simmer. Sprinkle with salt and pepper. Cover and simmer until vegetables are almost tender, stirring occasionally, about 10 minutes. Add eggplant, cabbage, corn, and okra, if desired, to vegetable mixture. Add e <END>
INPUT: American, sandwich, Chicken Breast Fillets, Greek wine vinaigrette, tzatziki, arugula leaves, wheat pita
OUTPUT: TITLE: Greek Chicken Pita Sandwich | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: Chicken Breast Fillets, sliced into thin strips; 4 tablespoons Greek red wine vinaigrette, see recipe; 8 tablespoons tzatziki, see recipe; 16 small arugula leaves; 2 whole wheat pita, cut in half; 1/4 cup red wine vinegar; 3 cloves garlic, minced; 1 teaspoon dried basil; 1/2 teaspoon dried oregano; 3 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 3/4 cup extra virgin olive oil; 1/4 teaspoon sea salt; 1/8 teaspoon fresh ground black pepper; 1 cup plain Greek yogurt; 1 medium cucumber, peeled, seeded, and grated | INSTRUCTIONS: Prepare Tzatziki sauce by staining yogurt in cheesecloth over a medium bowl for several hours, or until most of the liquid has drained off. Press the grated cucumber in a strainer until it feels almost dry to the touch. Combine the yogurt, cucumber, 1 teaspoon lemon juice in a medium bowl. Add the mint, garlic, salt, and black pepper. Stir well; cover and chill for 2 hours. Will keep in the refrigerator for up to one week. Prepare Tyson chicken according to package directions. While chicken is cooking prepare the Greek Red Wine Vinaigrette by combining red wine vinegar, garlic, basil, oregano, <END>
INPUT: Italian, salad, orzo pasta, olive oil, wine vinegar, onion, grape tomatoes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Quick Orzo Salad | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 8 ounces orzo pasta; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1 tablespoon red wine vinegar; 1/4 cup minced red onion; 1/2 cup grape tomatoes; 1/4 cup chopped fresh basil leaves; Salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook orzo according to package directions. Drain and transfer to a large bowl. Stir in olive oil, vinegar, red onion, tomatoes and basil and toss to combine. Season, to taste, with salt and black pepper. <END>
INPUT: squares parchment paper, fish fillets, tarragon leaves, butter, slender asparagus spears
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fish Fillets in Parchment with Asparagus and Orange | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 15x15-inch squares parchment paper; 4 5-to 6-ounce fish fillets (such as halibut or cod; each about 1 inch thick); 12 fresh tarragon leaves; 2 tablespoons butter, cut into 4 pieces; 1 pound slender asparagus spears, trimmed, cut into 1 1/2-inch pieces; 4 tablespoons orange juice | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 400°F. Place parchment squares on work surface. Generously butter half of each parchment square; top buttered half of each with 1 fish fillet. Sprinkle fish with salt and pepper; top each fillet with 3 tarragon leaves, then 1 piece of butter. Arrange asparagus around each fish fillet; pour 1 tablespoon orange juice over each. Fold parchment over fish and asparagus, folding and crimping edges tightly to seal and enclose filling completely. Place on 2 rimmed baking sheets, spacing apart. do ahead Can be made 4 hours ahead. Chill. Bake fish packets 17 minutes. Slide packets onto p <END>
INPUT: Mexican, salsa, mango nectar, canola oil, balsamic vinegar, nutmeg, ginger
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mango Marinated Seared Swordfish with Tropical Fruit Salsa | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup mango nectar; 3 tablespoons canola oil; 2 tablespoons balsamic vinegar; 1 teaspoon ground nutmeg; 1 teaspoon ground ginger; 1/4 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 (30-ounce) can tropical fruit salad, drained; 1 tablespoon fresh cilantro leaves; 4 scallions, finely chopped; 1/2 lime, juiced; 1/2 small jalapeno, seeded and minced; Kosher salt; 4 (6 to 8-ounce) swordfish steaks; 2 tablespoons canola oil | INSTRUCTIONS: For the marinade: In a small bowl, whisk together marinade ingredients. Pour into large resealable plastic bag and add swordfish. Seal and shake bag to completely coat steaks. Put in refrigerator and let marinate for at least 1 hour, turning occasionally. For the salsa: Chop drained fruit into small pieces. Combine the fruit and remaining ingredients in a bowl and place in refrigerator to let flavors meld while fish is marinating. In a large skillet heat canola oil over medium-high heat. Remove fish from marinade, pat dry and cook until done, about 5 minutes per side. Serve topped with salsa. <END>
INPUT: panini, aioli, mayonnaise, lemon, lemon juice, garlic, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Swordfish Panini with Arugula and Lemon Aioli | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2/3 cup mayonnaise; 1 lemon, zested; 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 1 clove garlic, minced; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 1 1/2 tablespoons olive oil; 4 (6-ounce) pieces swordfish, about 1-inch thick; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 tablespoon herbs de Provence; 2 cloves garlic, minced; 1 loaf focaccia bread; 2 ounces (about 2 cups) fresh arugula greens | INSTRUCTIONS: For the Lemon Aioli: Mix together all the ingredients in a small bowl. Set aside. For the Swordfish Panini: Warm the olive oil in a large, heavy skillet over medium-high heat. While the pan heats, season the fish with salt and pepper. Rub the herbs de Provence and minced garlic all over the fish. Cook the fish in the skillet until just cooked through and golden, about 2 to 3 minutes per side, depending on the thickness of the fish. Cut the bread into 4 sandwiches that will accommodate the size of the fish fillet. Cut the bread in half to make a top and bottom for the sandwich. Spread the Lemon <END>
INPUT: spiced, cake, Bosc pears, wine, light sugar, unsalted butter, cinnamon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spiced Hazelnut-Pear Cake With Chocolate Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 10 ripe but firm Bosc pears (about 3 3/4 pounds); 2 cups dry white wine; 1/2 cup light brown sugar; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, cubed; 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; 3/4 cup (1 1/2 sticks) butter, softened, plus more for pan; 1 cup blanched hazelnuts; 2 3/4 cups all-purpose flour; 2 1/4 teaspoons baking powder; 1 1/2 teaspoons baking soda; 1 1/2 teaspoons ground cinnamon; 1/2 teaspoon ground cloves; 1/2 teaspoon ground nutmeg; 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Poach the pears: Peel pears. Using a 1/2 tsp. measuring spoon or small melon baller, scoop upward from bottom of pears 1 1/2–2" to remove core and seeds; discard. Combine pears, wine, brown sugar, butter, cinnamon, vanilla, and 3 cups water in a large, heavy pot. Cut a round of parchment to fit just inside pot and cover pears. Bring to a boil, then reduce heat and simmer, turning pears occasionally to coat with liquid, until pears are very tender but not falling apart, 20–25 minutes. Using a slotted spoon, transfer pears to a large bowl and cover with parchment round. Bring poaching liquid to  <END>
INPUT: coffee, braid, cream cheese spread, cherry preserves, powdered sugar, milk
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cherry Cream Crescent Coffee Braid | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 can (8 oz) Pillsbury® refrigerated crescent dinner rolls or 1 can (8 oz) Pillsbury® Crescent Recipe Creations™ refrigerated flaky dough sheet; 1/4 cup cream cheese spread (from 8-oz tub); 1/3 cup cherry preserves; 1/2 cup powdered sugar; 2 to 3 teaspoons milk; 1/4 teaspoon almond extract | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat oven to 375 degrees F. High Altitude (3500-6500 ft): No change. Spray large cookie sheet with cooking spray, or grease with shortening. If using crescent rolls: Unroll dough into 2 long rectangles. Place dough on cookie sheet; overlap long sides to form 13 x 7-inch rectangle. Firmly press perforations and edges to seal. If using dough sheet: Unroll dough; cut into 2 long rectangles. Place dough on cookie sheet; overlap long sides to form 13 x 7-inch rectangle. Firmly press edges to seal. Spread cream cheese in 2-inch-wide strip lengthwise down center of dough. Top with preserves. Make cut <END>
INPUT: American, smoked sausage, barbecue sauce, jarred, hot sauce
OUTPUT: TITLE: Smoked Sausage in BBQ Sauce | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 3 pounds large smoked sausage, cut into diagonal slices; 1 bottle barbecue sauce; 1/4 cup jarred, sliced jalapenos, plus 2 tablespoons liquid from the jar; Dash of hot sauce | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Special equipment: toothpicks Combine the sausage, barbecue sauce, jalapenos and their liquid and the hot sauce in a pot and warm with the lid on until bubbly. Transfer to a chafing dish for serving. Serve with toothpicks. <END>
INPUT: French, fish, creme fraiche, Salt pepper, butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Camembert with Fish | CUISINE: French | INGREDIENTS: 4 (7-ounce) turbot fillets; 8 ounces creme fraiche; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 (4-ounce) pieces Camembert; 8 ounces butter; Salt and pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. Butter 4 (8-inch) oval ramekin molds and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Place the fish in the molds, add approximately 3 tablespoons of creme fraiche on top of each fish, and season with salt and pepper. Slice the Camembert and cover the top of each dish with a few slices. Bake for 15 minutes. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, carne, fire roasted poblano, fire roasted tomatoes, roasted garlic, oil clarified butter, bacon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Venison Chile con Carne | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2 fire-roasted poblano pepper; 2 fire-roasted tomatoes, pureed; 2 to 3 ounces minced roasted garlic; 4 ounces oil or clarified butter; 3 slices diced bacon; 1 pound ground pork; 5 pounds venison; 2 tablespoons kosher salt; 1 tablespoon white pepper; 1 tablespoon black pepper; 7 tablespoons chile powder; 6 tablespoons chorizo seasoning; 3 tablespoons oregano; 1/4 tablespoon cumin; 1 ramekin chopped onions | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. First, fire roast poblano pepper, tomatoes and garlic cloves. Dice garlic, blend tomatoes, peel and slice poblanos and set aside. Take a Dutch oven or large skillet and add oil. Heat oil and add in the bacon. Stir in ground pork and cook on high heat for 3 to 5 minutes then add in venison. Add salt to taste, white and black pepper, chile powder, chorizo seasoning, oregano and minced garlic and stir well. Add cumin slowly to your liking. Slowly, slowly add cumin, be careful (powerful stuff). Cook this all real good and stir constantly. When the meat is cooked, add <END>
INPUT: American, mocha, fudge, pecans, sugar, vanilla wafer cookie, cinnamon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Dulce de Leche Ice Cream Pie with Mocha Fudge Sauce | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1/3 cup chopped pecans; 2 tablespoons sugar; 2/3 cup vanilla wafer cookie crumbs (from about 32 cookies); 1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 2 tablespoons (1/4 stick) unsalted butter, melted; 2 tablespoons boiling water; 1 tablespoon instant espresso powder or instant coffee powder; 1 cup sugar; 2 tablespoons unsweetened cocoa powder; 1 cup whipping cream; 1/4 cup light corn syrup; 2 ounces unsweetened chocolate, finely chopped; 2 tablespoons (1/4 stick) unsalted butter; 1 1/2 teaspoons vanilla extract; 2 pints caramel ice cream (such as dulce de leche) | INSTRUCTIONS: For crust: Preheat oven to 350°F. Blend pecans and sugar in processor until pecans are finely ground. Add cookie crumbs and cinnamon and process to combine. Add butter and blend until moist clumps form. Press crust onto bottom and up sides of 9-inch glass pie dish. Bake until crust is lightly toasted, about 10 minutes. Cool completely. Preheat oven to 350°F. Blend pecans and sugar in processor until pecans are finely ground. Add cookie crumbs and cinnamon and process to combine. Add butter and blend until moist clumps form. Press crust onto bottom and up sides of 9-inch glass pie dish. Bake un <END>
INPUT: American, veggie, burger, olive oil, Kosher salt, beans, corn
OUTPUT: TITLE: Black Bean and Corn Veggie Burger with Sweet Potato "Bun" | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 large, fat sweet potatoes (about 1 1/2 pounds), peeled and cut into eight 1/2-inch rounds; 3 tablespoons olive oil, plus more for oiling the grill grates; Kosher salt; One 15-ounce can black beans, rinsed; 1/2 cup frozen corn, thawed; 1/3 cup finely diced pepper Jack cheese; 5 tablespoons stone-ground cornmeal; 1 large egg white; 2 scallions, thinly sliced; 2 tablespoons mayonnaise; 4 lettuce leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Prepare a grill for medium-high heat. Brush the sweet potatoes with 1 tablespoon of the oil, and sprinkle with a large pinch of salt. Lightly oil the grill grates. Arrange the sweet potato rounds on the grill, cover with the lid and cook until there are nice grill marks and the potatoes are tender but not mushy, 8 to 12 minutes per side. Set aside to cool completely. (These "buns" can be refrigerated in an airtight container up to 2 days.) Meanwhile, mash the beans and corn in a medium bowl until the beans form almost a paste. Add the cheese, 3 tablespoons of <END>
INPUT: Italian, bow tie pasta, slivered almonds, cranberries, lowfat plain yogurt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Broccoli Pasta Slaw | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 pound bow tie pasta, cooked and cooled; 1 (16-ounce) bag shredded broccoli slaw; 1 cup slivered almonds; 1 cup dried cranberries; 1/2 cup lowfat plain yogurt; 1/4 cup mayonnaise; 3 tablespoons cider vinegar; 1 tablespoon sugar; 1/4 teaspoon cayenne; Salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook pasta in boiling salted water until al dente. Cool. Add pasta, broccoli slaw, slivered almonds and dried cranberries to a large bowl. In a separate bowl, whisk together yogurt, mayonnaise, cider vinegar, sugar, cayenne, and salt and pepper. Add the dressing to the broccoli and stir to combine. Season with salt and pepper. <END>
INPUT: stock, Neck giblets, vegetable oil, onion, water, celery
OUTPUT: TITLE: Classic Turkey Stock | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Neck and giblets (excluding liver) from a turkey; 1 tablespoon vegetable oil; 1 large onion, quartered; 10 cups water; 1 celery rib, sliced; 1 carrot, sliced; Greens from 1 leek (optional), coarsely chopped; 3 parsley sprigs; 3 thyme sprigs; 1 Turkish or 1/2 California bay leaf | INSTRUCTIONS: Pat neck and giblets dry, then cut neck into pieces with a large knife. Heat oil in a 4-to 5-quart heavy pot over medium-high heat until it shimmers, then cook neck, giblets, and onion, turning occasionally, until well browned, 8 to 10 minutes. Add remaining ingredients, then simmer, partially covered, skimming any froth, 2 hours. Strain stock through a fine-mesh sieve into a bowl, pressing on and then discarding solids. If more than 5 cups, boil to reduce. Pat neck and giblets dry, then cut neck into pieces with a large knife. Heat oil in a 4-to 5-quart heavy pot over medium-high heat until i <END>
INPUT: Indian, burger, chickpea flour, coriander, cumin, fenugreek leaves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Paneer Mushroom Burger | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup chickpea flour; 1 tablespoon ground coriander; 1 tablespoon ground cumin; 1 tablespoon fenugreek leaves, crushed; 1/2 teaspoon ground cloves; Salt and pepper; 1/4 cup plain yogurt; 1/4 cup vegetable oil; 8 ounces Homemade Paneer, cut into 2 pieces, recipe follows; 1 tablespoon olive oil; 1 cup sliced shiitake mushrooms; 1 teaspoon fennel seeds; 2 whole wheat buns; Slices of avocados; Slices of tomatoes | INSTRUCTIONS: Put the chickpea flour, ground coriander, ground cumin, fenugreek, cloves, a pinch each of salt and pepper, yogurt and 2 tablespoons water into a bowl and mix until well combined. Heat the vegetable oil in a large pan over medium heat. Carefully dip the Homemade Paneer pieces into the batter and gently add to the pan. Cook until golden brown, 1 to 2 minutes per side. Keep warm. Place a clean skillet over medium-high heat and add the olive oil. When it is hot, add the mushrooms and fennel seeds and sear them until they are golden brown, 3 to 5 minutes. Season with some salt. Serve the paneer bu <END>
INPUT: soup, Yukon gold potatoes, leeks, good olive oil, Kosher salt pepper, baby arugula
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Potato Leek Soup | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 pounds Yukon gold potatoes, peeled and cut into 3/4-inch chunks; 4 cups chopped leeks, white and light green parts, cleaned of all sand (4 leeks); 1/4 cup good olive oil; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 3 cups baby arugula, lightly packed; 1/2 cup dry white wine, plus extra for serving; 6 to 7 cups chicken stock, preferably homemade; 3/4 cup heavy cream; 8 ounces creme fraiche; 1/4 cup freshly grated Parmesan, plus extra for garnish; Crispy Shallots, recipe follows, optional; 1 1/2 cups olive oil or vegetable oil; 3 tablespoons unsalted butter; 5 to 6 shallots, peeled and sliced into thin rings | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Combine the potatoes and leeks on a sheet pan in a single layer. Add the olive oil, 1 teaspoon salt, and 1/2 teaspoon pepper and toss to coat the vegetables evenly. Roast for 40 to 45 minutes, turning them with a spatula a few times during cooking, until very tender. Add the arugula and toss to combine. Roast for 4 to 5 more minutes, until the arugula is wilted. Remove the pan from the oven and place over 2 burners. Stir in the wine and 1 cup of the chicken stock and cook over low heat, scraping up any crispy roasted bits sticki <END>
INPUT: saltimbocca, roll, turkey cutlets, prosciutto di Parma, leaves sage, virgin olive oil, Salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Turkey Saltimbocca Roll-ups, Mushrooms and White Beans Ragout, Spinach with Pancetta and Onions | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 12 pieces turkey cutlets, 2 packages; 6 slices prosciutto di Parma, cut in 1/2 across the center of the ham; 12 leaves whole fresh sage plus 2 tablespoons finely chopped; Extra-virgin olive oil for drizzling, plus 4 tablespoons, divided; Salt and pepper; 2 teaspoons poultry seasoning, 2/3 palm full; 2 tablespoons butter; 2 tablespoons all-purpose flour; 1/2 cup dry white wine, eyeball it; 2 cups chicken stock, divided; 4 cloves garlic, chopped; 1/2 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes; 1 pound crimini (baby portobello) mushrooms, wiped clean and sliced; 1 (15 ounce) can white cannellini beans, drained; 2 tablespoons wine vinegar, white or red | INSTRUCTIONS: Top each turkey cutlet with half a slice of prosciutto and a whole leaf of sage. Roll up the cutlets and drizzle them with extra-virgin olive oil, then season with salt, pepper and poultry seasoning. Heat a large nonstick skillet over medium high heat. Add 1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil, 1 turn of the pan. Arrange the roll-ups seam side down and cook 6 minutes on each side. Continue with the side dishes, see below, while turkey cooks. After roll-ups have cooked on both sides, transfer to a platter and reserve. Add butter to the skillet and reduce heat to medium low. Add flour to melted bu <END>
INPUT: cake, Olive oil, all purpose flour, baking powder, salt, baking soda
OUTPUT: TITLE: Beaumes-de-Venise Cake with Grapes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Olive oil; 1 1/2 cups all purpose flour; 1 teaspoon baking powder; 1 teaspoon salt; 1/4 teaspoon baking soda; 3/4 cup plus 2 tablespoons sugar; 8 tablespoons (1 stick) unsalted butter, room temperature; 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 2 large eggs; 1 teaspoon grated lemon peel; 1 teaspoon grated orange peel; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; 1 cup Beaumes-de-Venise or other Muscat wine; 1 1/2 cups red seedless grapes | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 400°F. Brush 10-inch-diameter springform pan with olive oil. Line bottom of pan with parchment; brush parchment with olive oil. Sift flour and next 3 ingredients into bowl. Whisk 3/4 cup sugar, 6 tablespoons butter and 3 tablespoons oil in large bowl until smooth. Whisk in eggs, both peels and vanilla. Add flour mixture alternately with wine in 3 additions each, whisking just until smooth after each addition. Transfer batter to prepared pan; smooth top. Sprinkle grapes over batter. Bake cake until top is set, about 20 minutes. Dot top of cake with 2 tablespoons butter; sprinkle <END>
INPUT: Mexican, honey, pureed chipotle chiles, Dijon mustard, ancho chile powder, Kosher salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chipotle-Honey–Glazed Chicken Wings with Toasted Sesame Seeds and Green Onion | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup honey; 2 to 3 tablespoons pureed canned chipotle chiles in adobo; 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard; 4 tablespoons ancho chile powder; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 4 tablespoons canola oil; 2 teaspoons ground coriander; 2 teaspoons ground cumin; 2 teaspoons Spanish paprika; 3 pounds chicken wings; 2 tablespoons sesame seeds, toasted; 3 green onions, white and green parts, thinly sliced | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat your grill to medium-high Whisk together the honey, chipotle puree, 1 tablespoon of the mustard, 1 tablespoon of the ancho powder, 1 teaspoon salt, and 2 tablespoons of the oil in a small bowl. Divide the glaze evenly between 2 bowls, one small, the other large. Stir together the remaining 3 tablespoons of ancho powder with the coriander, cumin, and paprika in a small bowl. Rinse the chicken wings under cold water and pat dry with paper towels. Cut the tips off the wings and discard (or freeze and use for making chicken stock). Cut each wing into 2 pieces through the joint. Place the chic <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, athena, shallot, garlic, olive oil, spinach leaves, cinnamon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Oysters Athena | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 1 small shallot, chopped; 2 cloves garlic, crushed; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 2 pounds fresh spinach leaves; 2 teaspoons ground cinnamon; 1 tablespoon toasted and chopped pine nuts; 1 dozen Maryland select oysters, shucked with shells reserved; 3/4 cup crumbled feta; Bechamel sauce, recipe follows; 3 tablespoons butter; 3 tablespoons flour; 1 1/2 cups milk, hot; Salt and pepper; Pinch nutmeg; 1 egg yolk | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat a grill. Saute the shallots and garlic in olive oil until the shallots are translucent. Add the spinach and continue to saute until the spinach is tender and reduced in size. Add the cinnamon and pine nuts, mix, and set aside. Depending on the size of the oysters, arrange 1 to 2 oysters on reserved half-shells. Place a portion of the spinach mixture over the oysters. Spoon the bechamel sauce topping over the spinach mixture. Sprinkle crumbled feta cheese over the bechamel. Grill on the half-shell over a medium high heat fire for approximately 5 to 10 minutes, or until oysters are done. <END>
INPUT: Indian, fish sauce, garlic, sugar, pepper, chicken tenders
OUTPUT: TITLE: Green Curry Chicken | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 4 tablespoons fish sauce (nam pla); 1 tablespoon minced garlic; 1 tablespoon sugar; 1 teaspoon ground black pepper; 1 1/2 pounds skinless boneless chicken tenders; 1 tablespoon vegetable oil plus additional oil (for frying); 3 tablespoons Thai green or red curry paste; 2 cups canned unsweetened coconut milk; 1 cup chicken stock or canned low-salt chicken broth; 1/4 cup (packed) golden brown sugar; 1 10-ounce package ready-to-use fresh spinach; 1 cup fresh basil leaves; 3 large egg whites; 1/2 cup cornstarch; 2 tablespoons all purpose flour | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine 2 tablespoons fish sauce, garlic, sugar and pepper in medium bowl. Add chicken. Refrigerate 1 hour. Heat 1 tablespoon oil in medium saucepan over medium heat. Add curry paste; sauté until fragrant, about 2 minutes. Stir in coconut milk, stock, sugar and 2 tablespoons fish sauce. Simmer until flavors blend and sauce thickens slightly, about 10 minutes. Keep warm. Cook spinach in pot of boiling water until soft, about 3 minutes. Drain well. Cool spinach and squeeze dry. Transfer spinach to blender. Add 1/4 cup sauce and basil; puree mixture. Using electric mixer, beat egg whites, cornsta <END>
INPUT: low salt chicken, wine, brandy, vegetable oil, meaty beef neck
OUTPUT: TITLE: Caramelized-Onion and Wine-Braised Brisket with Glazed Vegetables | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 cups canned low-salt chicken broth; 1 750-ml bottle dry white wine; 1/2 cup brandy; 1/3 cup vegetable oil; 2 pounds meaty beef neck bones; 3 1/2 pounds onions, thinly sliced; 4 large celery stalks, sliced; 1 1/2 teaspoons whole allspice; 6 garlic cloves, chopped; 2 teaspoons dried thyme; 1 4 1/2- to 5-pound flat-cut brisket; 3/4 cup chopped canned tomatoes; 1 tablespoon tomato paste; 2 1/2 pounds mixed baby vegetables (such as zucchini, crookneck and pattypan squashes, turnips, carrots and new potatoes); 8 red boiling onions | INSTRUCTIONS: Boil first 3 ingredients in pot until reduced to 4 cups, about 25 minutes. Preheat oven to 325°F. Heat oil in large Dutch oven over high heat. Add bones; sauté until well browned, turning occasionally, about 12 minutes. Transfer bones to bowl. Add onions, celery and allspice to Dutch oven. Season with salt; cook until onions are golden, stirring often, about 25 minutes. Continue cooking until onions are deep dark brown, scraping bottom of Dutch oven and stirring often, about 15 minutes more. Add garlic and thyme; sauté 5 minutes. Transfer onion mixture to large roasting pan. Add 1 cup broth mi <END>
INPUT: tart, blanched slivered almonds, all purpose flour, confectioners' sugar, kosher salt, unsalted butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lemon Tart | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup blanched slivered almonds; 1 1/4 cups all-purpose flour, plus more for dusting; 1/2 cup confectioners' sugar; 1/4 teaspoon kosher salt; 10 tablespoons unsalted butter, very cold, sliced; 1 large egg, lightly beaten; Nonstick spray; 1 1/4 cups granulated sugar; 3/4 cup freshly squeezed lemon juice (4 to 5 lemons); 4 large eggs plus 1 large yolk; 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, cut into tablespoon size slices; Confectioners' sugar, for garnish, optional | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. For the crust: Toast the almonds in a dry skillet over medium heat, while stirring, until just slightly blonde, about 3 minutes. Remove to a plate to cool completely. You can stick in the freezer to hurry up this process. Add the flour, confectioners' sugar and salt to the bowl of a food processor and pulse a few times to mix everything together. This will help break up potential lumps in the confectioners' sugar. Add the cooled almonds and pulse again for 30 seconds. Add the butter and pulse until the dough looks like small clumps. Add the beaten egg and pulse i <END>
INPUT: American, dressing, heavy cream, sour cream, Salt pepper, pinches cayenne pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Creamy Blue Cheese Dressing | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 6 ounces (about 1/3 pound) double cream blue veined cheese, softened to room temperature; 1/2 cup heavy cream; 1/2 cup sour cream; Salt and pepper; 2 pinches ground cayenne pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Mash softened cheese with fork in a bowl. Whisk in the cream and sour cream into cheese, the consistency should be smooth with an occasional small bit of blue. Season with salt, pepper, and cayenne pepper. <END>
INPUT: Italian, scaloppine, turkey tenderloin, lemon juice, olive oil, onion, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lemon and Basil Turkey Scaloppine | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 10 ounces turkey tenderloin, well trimmed; 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 2 teaspoons olive oil; 1/2 small onion, minced; 2 garlic cloves, minced; 3 tablespoons dry white wine; 1/4 cup canned unsalted chicken broth; 2 small plum tomatoes, seeded, diced; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh basil; 1/2 teaspoon grated lemon peel | INSTRUCTIONS: Cut tenderloin into 1-inch pieces. Place 1 piece between 2 sheets of waxed paper. Pound turkey with mallet or small heavy flat-bottomed saucepan until flattened to thickness of 1/4 inch. Repeat with remaining tenderloin. Sprinkle lemon juice over turkey. Cover and refrigerate 10 minutes. Heat oil in heavy large skillet over medium-high heat. Add turkey in batches and fry until just cooked, turning once, about 4 minutes. Transfer turkey to plate; cover with foil and keep warm. Add onion and garlic to skillet and sauté until tender, about 4 minutes. Stir in wine and simmer until wine is reduced  <END>
INPUT: provencal, coriander seeds, fennel seeds, thyme, salt, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Provencal Lamb with Mediterranean Vegetables | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 teaspoons coriander seeds; 2 teaspoons fennel seeds; 2 teaspoons dried thyme; 1 teaspoon salt; 1/2 teaspoon ground black pepper; 1 teaspoon olive oil; 1 8-rib rack of lamb (about 1 1/2 pounds), well trimmed; Mediterranean Vegetables | INSTRUCTIONS: Proven‧al Lamb With Mediterranean Vegetables Coarsely grind first 3 ingredients in blender or spice grinder. Transfer to small bowl. Mix in salt and pepper. Rub oil, then spice mixture over lamb. Place lamb on baking sheet; let sit 1 hour. Preheat oven to 425°F. Roast lamb until thermometer inserted into center of meat registers 130°F for medium-rare, about 25 minutes. Let sit 10 minutes. Cut lamb between ribs into chops. Place 2 chops on each plate. Spoon Mediterranean Vegetables alongside. Proven‧al Lamb With Mediterranean Vegetables Coarsely grind first 3 ingredients in blender or spice gri <END>
INPUT: Pekin, Salt pepper, juicing orange kumquats, water, concentrated duck broth
OUTPUT: TITLE: Duck a l'Orange | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 Pekin (Long Island) duck breasts or 1 mallard breast (1 1/2 to 2 pounds each); Salt and pepper; 1 juicing orange or 6 kumquats; 1/2 cup water; 1/2 cup concentrated duck broth, 2 tablespoons homemade duck glaze or 1 tablespoon commercial glaze; 1/8 teaspoon sugar; 1 tablespoon orange flavored liqueur (recommended: Grand Marnier); 1 tablespoon balsamic, sherry, or red wine vinegar, or more to taste; 1 1/2 tablespoons cold unsalted butter; Orange wedges | INSTRUCTIONS: Use a sharp knife to score the skin side of the duck breasts in 2 directions, about 20 slashes per direction. Season the breasts on both sides with salt and pepper. Reserve in the refrigerator. Cut off 1 end so the orange can stand on the cutting board, and slice off 2 (2-inch) strips of zest. Cut the zest into fine julienne, then blanch the zest for 1 minute in the cup of boiling water. Juice the orange, strain the juice into a saucepan, and boil it until it's reduced to about 1 tablespoon. If you're using the kumquats instead, cut the round ends off the kumquats and eat or discard them. Set  <END>
INPUT: corn, butter, shallots, salt, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Candied Corn | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 ears corn; 1 tablespoon butter; 3 tablespoons diced shallots, diced; 1 teaspoon salt; 1/2 teaspoon ground black pepper; 1 tablespoons brown sugar; 1 tablespoon honey; 1/4 teaspoon cayenne pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Cut the corn off of the cob. Put 1 tablespoon of butter in a saute pan on medium-high heat and cook the shallots until they are translucent with salt and pepper; about 2 to 3 minutes. Add the corn and cook until tender In a bowl add brown sugar, honey and cayenne pepper. Mix well to combine and stir into corn mixture to cook for a few minutes, stirring constantly. <END>
INPUT: minted, iced, chunks honeydew melon, mint leaves, Pure Leaf™ Not
OUTPUT: TITLE: Minted Melon Iced Honey Green Tea | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 chunks honeydew melon, about 1-½ inches square; 15 large fresh mint leaves; 1 bottle Pure Leaf™ Not Too Sweet Honey Green Tea | INSTRUCTIONS: Crush honeydew and mint with wooden spoon in 1-quart glass measuring cup. Stir in Pure Leaf™ Not Too Sweet Honey Green Tea. Strain and serve over ice. Garnish, if desired, with additional honeydew and mint sprigs. For a pitcher, simply double the recipe. For a cocktail version, simply add ¼ cup vodka. <END>
INPUT: breasts, fennel seeds, lemon juice, Dijon mustard, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken Breasts with Fennel-Mustard Butter and Radicchio | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon fennel seeds; 1/2 cup (1 stick) butter, room temperature; 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice; 2 teaspoons Dijon mustard; 1 garlic clove, minced; 1/4 cup olive oil; 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 1 garlic clove, minced; 6 skinless boneless chicken breast halves, pounded to 1/3-inch thickness; 4 anchovy fillets, chopped; 4 cups thinly sliced radicchio; 2 tablespoons drained capers | INSTRUCTIONS: For Fennel-mustard butter: Stir fennel seeds in small skillet over high heat until beginning to brown, about 1 minute. Place in spice mill and grind to coarse powder. Transfer to small bowl. Add remaining ingredients; stir to blend. Season with salt and pepper. (Can be made 2 days ahead. Cover and chill.) Stir fennel seeds in small skillet over high heat until beginning to brown, about 1 minute. Place in spice mill and grind to coarse powder. Transfer to small bowl. Add remaining ingredients; stir to blend. Season with salt and pepper. (Can be made 2 days ahead. Cover and chill.) For Chicken:  <END>
INPUT: Italian, pasta, garlic, olive oil, fennel, bell pepper, pepper flakes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pasta with Garlic, Fennel and Roasted Red Pepper | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 3 large cloves garlic, sliced thin; 4 tablespoons olive oil; 1 cup sliced fennel; 1 red bell pepper, cut into strips; 1/4 teaspoon dried red pepper flakes; 1/2 cup chicken broth; 1/2 pound penne, cooked and drained; Snipped fennel fronds; Freshly grated Parmesan cheese | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large skillet cook the garlic in the oil over moderate heat, stirring, until golden. Add the fennel, red pepper, dried red pepper and salt to taste and cook the vegetables, stirring, for 1 minute. Add the broth, cover and steam over moderately high heat for 3 minutes, or until tender. Add the drained pasta and fennel fronds and toss to heat. Transfer to a serving dish and serve with parmesan cheese. <END>
INPUT: every, pickling cucumbers, vinegar, sugar, Ball® Bread Butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Bread and Butter Pickles | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: For every 2 quarts of pickles:; 3 ½ lbs pickling cucumbers (about 14 small to medium); 2 ½ cups vinegar (5% acidity); 2 ½ cups sugar; ¼ cup Ball® Bread & Butter Pickle Mix; 2 Ball® Quart (32 oz) Fresh Preserving jars with lids and bands | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. CUT ends off cucumbers. Cut into ½ inch slices. 2. COMBINE vinegar, sugar, and Ball® Bread & Butter Pickle Mix in a medium saucepan. Heat to a boil. 3. PACK based on ENJOY NOW or FRESH PRESERVE steps below. ENJOY NOW (Refrigerate up to 3 months): 1. POUR hot pickling liquid over cucumber slices in a large bowl. Cool to room temperature, about 30 minutes. 2. PACK cucumber slices into jars. Ladle pickling liquid over cucumbers. Place lids & bands on jars. 3. REFRIGERATE pickles. For best flavor, allow pickles to stand in refrigerator for 3 weeks. -OR- FRESH PRESERVE (Store up to 1 year): 1. P <END>
INPUT: marmalade, Salt pepper, garlic powder, grapeseed oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pork Loin with Ketchup and Onion Marmalade | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 (2 1/2 to 3-pound) pork loin; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 tablespoon garlic powder; 2 tablespoons grapeseed oil; 1 tablespoon grapeseed oil; 1 large red onion, sliced; 1/4 cup ketchup | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. For the pork: Rinse pork loin to remove residue and pat dry with paper towels. Season with salt, pepper, and garlic powder. Heat grapeseed oil over medium-high heat in an oven safe pan, preferably with a lid. Sear pork loin on all sides, leaving each side undisturbed for the first few minutes before turning, to allow the seasonings to integrate into the surface of the meat. Cover the pan and transfer to the oven. Roast, covered, until fork tender, about 1 1/2 hours, or until the pork reaches an internal temperature of 160 degrees F on an instant-read thermometer. <END>
INPUT: soup, Olive oil, thyme, Salt pepper, butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken Rice Soup | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 boneless, skinless chicken breasts; Olive oil, for drizzling; 1/4 teaspoon ground thyme; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 tablespoons butter; 3 stalks celery, finely diced; 2 carrots, finely diced; 1 onion, finely diced; 1 red bell pepper, finely diced; 2 sprigs fresh thyme, leaves only; Pinch turmeric; 8 cups low-sodium chicken broth; 2 cups long-grain rice; Minced fresh parsley, for serving | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Drizzle the chicken breasts with olive oil and sprinkle with the ground thyme and some salt and pepper. Put the chicken in a roasting pan and roast until cooked through, about 20 minutes. Set aside. In a pot over medium heat, melt the butter and saute the celery, carrots, onions and bell peppers for 3 to 4 minutes. Sprinkle with the fresh thyme and turmeric and cook for another 2 minutes. Pour in the chicken broth, cover, bring to a simmer and simmer 30 minutes. Prepare the rice according to the package instructions; keep warm.  <END>
INPUT: roll, celery, picked lobster meat, good quality mayonnaise, salt, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lobster Roll | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup chopped celery (from 3 to 4 celery stalks), drained, see cook's note; 2 pounds freshly picked lobster meat, chilled and chopped into chunks, or 10 pounds live lobsters, steamed and meat removed; 3/4 to 1 cup good quality mayonnaise; 2 teaspoons salt; 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 6 tablespoons (3/4 stick) unsalted butter, softened; 6 hot dog buns | INSTRUCTIONS: In a medium bowl, combine the lobster meat, celery and mayonnaise and gently toss until well mixed. Season with the salt and pepper and chill for at least 30 minutes (or up to overnight) before serving. Preheat a large heavy skillet over medium flame. Lightly butter both sides of each bun and cook for 2 minutes per side, until golden brown. (The buns may also be toasted under a broiler.) When toasted, stuff them with the chilled lobster salad and serve immediately. <END>
INPUT: sandwiches, watercress, bread, Butter taste
OUTPUT: TITLE: Watercress Sandwiches | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 small bunch watercress, stems removed; 6 slices white bread; Butter to taste | INSTRUCTIONS: Repeat process as above, replacing cucumber with watercress.; <END>
INPUT: summer, vegetables, olive oil more, porterhouse steaks, herbes de Provence, Kosher salt, Italian eggplants
OUTPUT: TITLE: Slate-Grilled Porterhouse, Summer Vegetables, and Sourdough Bread | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 tablespoons olive oil plus more for slate; 2 2-2 1/2"-thick porterhouse steaks (about 4 pounds total), room temperature; 1/4 cup herbes de Provence; Kosher salt, freshly ground pepper; 3 small Italian eggplants (about 1 1/2 pounds), halved lengthwise; 6 small beefsteak tomatoes (about 2 pounds), halved crosswise; 3 small zucchini (about 1 pound), halved lengthwise; 3 portobello mushrooms (about 1 pound), stems removed; 2 large red bell peppers (about 1 pound), cut lengthwise into 1 1/2" strips; 6 garlic cloves, thinly sliced; 1/3 cup fresh rosemary leaves; 1/2 cup olive oil; Kosher salt, freshly ground pepper; 1 medium round loaf sourdough bread (about 1 1/2 pounds), cut into 1" wedges; 1/4 cup olive oil | INSTRUCTIONS: For steak: If using a charcoal grill, prepare for high heat. Place slate on grill grates and heat (don't worry if it splits or cracks; it can still be used). If using a gas grill, place slate on grates, then heat grill to high (cover grill while heating and grilling). Using paper towels and long-handled tongs, lightly coat slate with oil. Sprinkle steaks with herbes de Provence and season with salt and pepper, pressing gently to adhere. Drizzle each steak with 2 tablespoons oil to moisten herbs. Grill on hot slate until an instant-read thermometer inserted into the thickest part registers 115° <END>
INPUT: cacciatorre, Olive oil, Kosher salt pepper, bell peppers, onions
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken Cacciatorre | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 skinless (3 1/2-pound) chicken, cut into small pieces; Olive oil, as needed; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 4 bell peppers, 2 green and 2 red, cored, seeded and sliced; 3 onions, sliced; 3 to 4 cloves garlic, sliced; 2 (28-ounce) cans crushed tomatoes; Water, as needed | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Arrange the chicken in a 9 by 13-inch baking pan. Coat the chicken with a little oil and season with salt and pepper. Bake the chicken until lightly browned, about 20 to 30 minutes. Remove the pan from the oven and drain off some of the fat. Add the peppers, onion, garlic, and tomatoes (you may not need all of the tomatoes--adjust to taste), and mix to combine. Continue baking the chicken until well browned and tender. I usually turn the chicken during the baking time. Add more water if sauce is too thick. Skim top if necessary, but since you've skinned and d <END>
INPUT: glaze, fish stock, tomatoes, butter, leeks
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Fillet of Red Snapper with a Light Beer Glaze | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup fish stock; 2 (8 ounce) boneless fillet of red snapper; 2 tomatoes, sliced thinly; 1 tablespoon butter, plus 1 teaspoon; 2 leeks, white parts only, cut into julienne; 2 shallots, finely diced; 1 cup Belgium blond beer; Salt and pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Melt the butter in a deep pan, add the leeks, and cook for 2 to 3 minutes. Then add the shallots and sweat for another 3 to 4 minutes. Add the beer, season, and then add the fish stock, reduce. Place the fish fillet on top of the leek/shallots mixture and place the slices of tomatoes attractively on top. Season the fish and place into the oven for 10 to 12 minutes. When finished, place the fish on a plate, add a little piece of butter in the sauce to thicken and smooth it, check the seasoning, and pour on the fish. Serve immediately. <END>
INPUT: oatmeal, chips, olive oil, garlic, tamari, Chinese chile paste
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spicy Steel-Cut Oatmeal with Garlic Chips | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup (125 g) raw steel-cut oats; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 4 cloves garlic, very thinly sliced; About 1 tablespoon tamari; Chinese chile paste (sambal oelek) to taste; 2 scallions, thinly sliced on a bias; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro | INSTRUCTIONS: In a heavy 1 1/2- to 2-quart (1.4- to 2-L) saucepan, combine the oats and 2 cups (480 ml) water. Bring to a boil, then lower the heat and simmer, stirring occasionally, until creamy and tender, about 25 minutes. Meanwhile, in a small sauté pan, heat the oil over medium high heat and add the garlic, tilting the pan so the oil is deeper at the edge and the garlic floats as it fries. Fry, stirring, until crisp and golden, about 1 minute. Remove the garlic to a paper towel to drain. Spoon the oatmeal into two small bowls. Drizzle with tamari and dollop with chile paste. Sprinkle the scallions, cil <END>
INPUT: Asian, stir, baby bok choy, soy sauce, Chinese rice wine, sugar, peanut vegetable oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Stir-Fried Sesame Baby Bok Choy | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound baby bok choy; 1 1/2 tablespoons soy sauce; 1 tablespoon Chinese rice wine or dry sherry; 1/2 teaspoon sugar; 1 tablespoon peanut or vegetable oil; 1 garlic clove, minced; 1 1-inch piece fresh ginger, peeled and minced; 2 teaspoons sesame oil | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. Trim and discard the rough bottoms from the baby bok choy. Separate the leaves, rinse, and pat dry. 2. In a small bowl, combine the soy sauce, rice wine, and sugar. Set aside. 3. Heat a wok or large skillet over medium-high heat until a bead of water sizzles and evaporates on contact. Add the peanut oil and swirl to coat the bottom and sides. Add the garlic and ginger and stir-fry until aromatic, 20 to 30 seconds. Add the bok choy and stir-fry for about 2 minutes, until crisp-tender. Add the soy sauce mixture and cook for another 30 seconds. Turn off the heat, and drizzle with sesame oil. T <END>
INPUT: swirl, heavy whipping cream, milk, vanilla bean, egg yolks
OUTPUT: TITLE: Brown Sugar-Balsamic Swirl Ice Cream | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cups heavy whipping cream; 1 1/2 cups whole milk; 3/4 cup (packed) dark brown sugar, divided; 1/2 vanilla bean, split lengthwise; 6 large egg yolks; 1/2 cup balsamic vinegar | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine heavy whipping cream, whole milk, and 1/2 cup sugar in heavy large saucepan. Scrape in seeds from vanilla bean; add bean. Bring cream mixture to simmer over medium heat, stirring until sugar dissolves. Meanwhile, whisk yolks and remaining 1/4 cup sugar in large bowl until very thick, about 2 minutes. Gradually whisk hot cream mixture into yolk mixture. Return mixture to saucepan. Stir over medium heat until custard thickens and thermometer inserted into custard registers 180°F, about 3 minutes (do not boil). Strain custard into large bowl set over another bowl of ice and water. Cool cu <END>
INPUT: salad, potatoes, beans, Dijon mustard, wine vinegar, vegetable oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Green Bean, Potato and Leek Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 8 medium-small red potatoes; 1 pound green beans, trimmed, halved crosswise; 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard; 3 tablespoons white wine vinegar; 1/2 cup vegetable oil; 2 tablespoons (1/4 stick) butter; 4 leeks (white part only), halved lengthwise, thinly sliced crosswise; Chopped fresh parsley; 3 hard-boiled eggs, shelled, quartered (optional) | INSTRUCTIONS: Boil or steam potatoes and green beans separately until tender but not mushy. Drain or remove from steamer. Cut each potato into eighths. Place in salad bowl. Add green beans. Blend Dijon mustard and vinegar in small bowl. Whisk in vegetable oil in thin stream. Pour over potatoes and beans and mix gently to coat. Season salad to taste with salt and pepper. Set aside. Melt 2 tablespoons butter in heavy large skillet over medium heat. Add leeks and sauté until tender and lightly browned, about 7 minutes. Divide potato and green bean mixture among salad plates. Top each with sautéed leeks. Sprink <END>
INPUT: smothered, pork shoulder chops, all purpose flour, vegetable oil, onion, cremini mushrooms
OUTPUT: TITLE: Smothered Pork Chops with Mushrooms | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 pounds bone-in pork shoulder chops; 1/3 cup all-purpose flour; 3 tablespoons vegetable oil, divided; 1 large onion, halved and sliced; 1/2 pound fresh cremini mushrooms, sliced; 1 teaspoon chopped rosemary; 1 cup water | INSTRUCTIONS: Pat chops dry and season with 1 teaspoon salt and 1/2 teaspoon pepper, then dredge in flour, shaking off excess. Heat 1 tablespoon oil in a 12-inch heavy skillet (preferably deep) over medium-high heat until it shimmers. Brown chops in 2 batches, turning once, 3 to 4 minutes total per batch. Transfer to a plate. Add remaining 2 tablespoon oil to skillet and cook onion and mushrooms with rosemary and 1/4 teaspoon each of salt and pepper over medium heat, stirring occasionally, until browned, about 7 minutes. Return chops and any meat juices from plate to skillet. Add water and simmer, covered,  <END>
INPUT: American, crackers, crumbled cheese, pepper, all purpose flour, pecans
OUTPUT: TITLE: Blue Cheese and Pecan Crackers | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup crumbled blue cheese (about 4 1/2 ounces), chilled; 1/2 cup (1 stick) unsalted butter, room temperature; 1/4 teaspoon coarsely ground black pepper; 1 cup all purpose flour; 1/2 cup pecans, lightly toasted, coarsely chopped Pecan halves | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350°F. Using electric mixer, beat cheese, butter and pepper in medium bowl until just blended (some cheese should still be in separate pieces). Using rubber spatula, mix in flour, then chopped pecans. Form dough into 1-inch balls. Arrange rounds on ungreased baking sheets. Flatten to 2 1/2-inch rounds. Press pecan half onto each. Bake until golden on bottom and at edges, about 35 minutes. Transfer to racks and cool. Preheat oven to 350°F. Using electric mixer, beat cheese, butter and pepper in medium bowl until just blended (some cheese should still be in separate pieces). Usin <END>
INPUT: Mexican, mojito, cilantro leaves, lime juice, Cilantro Simple Syrup, rum, soda
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cilantro Mojito | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons fresh cilantro leaves; 2 tablespoons fresh lime juice (about 1 lime); 2 tablespoons Cilantro Simple Syrup, recipe follows; 2 ounces white rum; Club soda; 1 lime wedge, for garnish; 3/4 cup sugar; 20 cilantro stems, roughly chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: Muddle the cilantro with the lime juice and the Cilantro Simple Syrup in a cocktail shaker. Add 1 cup ice and top with the rum. Cover and shake well. Then pour into a tall thin glass without straining (like a Collins glass). Top with a splash of club soda and garnish with the lime wedge on the rim of the glass. For the syrup: Combine the sugar with 1 cup water in a small saucepan, and bring to a simmer over medium-high heat. Once simmering, stir until the sugar dissolves, then remove from the heat. Add the cilantro stems and allow the flavors to infuse and the mixture to cool, at least 15 minu <END>
INPUT: American, blue, crackers, Stilton cheese, all purpose flour, kosher salt, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Blue Cheese and Walnut Crackers | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 pound (1 stick) unsalted butter at room temperature; 8 ounces Stilton cheese, crumbled (about 12 ounces with rind), at room temperature; 1 1/2 cups all-purpose flour; 2 teaspoons kosher salt; 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 1 extra-large egg beaten with 1 tablespoon water for egg wash; 1/2 cup roughly chopped walnuts | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. In the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, cream the butter and Stilton together for 1 minute, or until smooth. With the mixer on low speed, add the flour, salt and pepper and mix until it's in large crumbles, about 1 minute. Add 1 tablespoon of water and mix until combined. Dump the dough onto a floured board, press it into a ball, and roll into a 12-inch long log. Brush the log completely with the egg wash. Spread the walnuts in a square on a cutting board and roll the log back and forth in the walnuts, pressing lightly, and distributin <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, salad, creole, Olive oil, Spinach, asparagus, bell pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Spinach Salad with Spicy Creole Shrimp | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: Olive oil cooking spray; Spinach, a couple of big handfuls washed; 3/4 to 1 pound asparagus, washed and chopped into 1-inch long pieces cut on a diagonal; 1 large red bell pepper, washed and chopped into 1-inch chunks; Olive oil, for drizzling; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1/2 lemon; Lowfat feta, to taste, crumbles, about 2 ounces; 1 pound uncooked shrimp, peeled and deveined; 1/2 cup beer; 1/4 cup olive oil; 1 tablespoon Louisiana style hot sauce; 1/2 stalk fresh rosemary; 5 fresh garlic cloves, minced; 1 lemon, squeezed and sliced | INSTRUCTIONS: Fire up the grill to medium-high. Cook's Note: The order of food on the grill for the Spinach Salad is - Asparagus and red bell pepper chunks go in the wok first, then the spinach. The shrimp go on the grill about 5 minutes after the asparagus and red pepper. For the salad: Spray your grill grid wok with olive oil cooking spray (away from the grill). Put the wok on the grill and once it is hot, add the chopped asparagus and red pepper. Drizzle with olive oil (maybe 1 to 2 tablespoons), season with salt and pepper and stir. Cook for about until veggies glisten, about 10 minutes. Add the spinach <END>
INPUT: Asian, roll, lump crabmeat, mayonnaise, lemon juice, light sugar, Sushi Rice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Crab, Avocado and Mango Roll | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound lump crabmeat, drained and patted dry with paper towels; 1/4 cup mayonnaise; 4 teaspoons lemon juice; 4 teaspoons light brown sugar; 5 cups cooked Sushi Rice, recipe follows; 4 toasted nori sheets*; 1 avocado, seeded, peeled and cut into thin slices; 1 mango, peeled and cut into thin slices; 1/2 red bell pepper, cored, seeded and cut into thin slices; 1/4 cup black sesame seeds*; 2 cups short-grain sushi rice (recommended: Kokuho Rose)*; 2 1/2 cups water; 1/4 cup seasoned rice vinegar | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: bamboo sushi mat *Can be found at specialty Asian markets Serving suggestion: wasabi, sweet picked ginger, soy sauce In a medium bowl, mix together the crabmeat, mayonnaise, lemon juice, and sugar. Place a piece of plastic wrap on the sushi mat. Using wet fingers, spread 1 1/4 cups of the rice evenly over the plastic wrap to form a rectangle slightly smaller than the sushi mat. Lay a sheet of nori over the rice. Arrange 1/4 of the crab mixture along the center of the nori leaving a 2-inch border at the top. Top the crab mixture with 1/4 of the avocado slices, 1/4 of the mang <END>
INPUT: vinaigrette, lemon zest, lemon juice, wine vinegar, vegetable oil, vine ripened tomatoes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tomato, Cucumber, and Avocado with Lemon Vinaigrette | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 teaspoon finely grated fresh lemon zest; 1/4 cup fresh lemon juice; 1 tablespoon white-wine vinegar; 1 cup vegetable oil; 1 1/2 pounds vine-ripened tomatoes (about 3), chopped; 2 seedless cucumbers, chopped; 3 avocados (preferably California), chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: In a bowl whisk together zest, lemon juice, vinegar, and salt and pepper to taste and whisk in oil, whisking until dressing is emulsified. Put tomatoes, cucumbers, and avocados in 3 separate bowls and toss with dressing. Vegetables may be prepared 2 hours ahead and chilled, covered. In a bowl whisk together zest, lemon juice, vinegar, and salt and pepper to taste and whisk in oil, whisking until dressing is emulsified. Put tomatoes, cucumbers, and avocados in 3 separate bowls and toss with dressing. Vegetables may be prepared 2 hours ahead and chilled, covered. <END>
INPUT: soup, chiffonade, carrots, russet potato, onion, ginger
OUTPUT: TITLE: Carrot Soup with Spinach Chiffonade | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 cups (or more) canned low-salt chicken broth; 1 pound carrots, peeled, sliced; 1 8-ounce russet potato, peeled, cut into cubes; 1 medium onion, chopped; 1 teaspoon ground ginger; 2 teaspoons fresh lemon juice; 1 teaspoon minced peeled fresh ginger; 2 cups packed thinly sliced spinach leaves; 1/2 cup plain nonfat yogurt | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine 4 cups broth, carrots, potato, onion and ground ginger in large saucepan and bring to boil. Reduce heat; cover and simmer until vegetables are very tender, about 25 minutes. Using slotted spoon, transfer vegetables to processor. Puree until smooth. With machine running, gradually add soup broth to processor. Return soup to same saucepan, thinning with more broth if necessary. Add lemon juice and fresh ginger; simmer 3 minutes. Add spinach and simmer until wilted, about 2 minutes. Season soup with salt and pepper. Ladle into bowls. Swirl 1 heaping spoonful of yogurt into each bowl. Comb <END>
INPUT: natural, vegetable broth, kosher salt, sugar, peppercorns
OUTPUT: TITLE: Traditional Roast Turkey | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: One 14 to 16-pound frozen natural, young turkey; 1 gallon vegetable broth, homemade or canned; 1 cup kosher salt; 1/2 cup packed brown sugar, light or dark; 1 tablespoon whole black peppercorns; 1 1/2 teaspoons allspice berries; 1 1/2 tablespoons candied ginger, chopped; 1 gallon water, iced; Ice; Canola oil, for roasting | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Two to three days before roasting: Begin thawing the turkey in the refrigerator or in a cooler kept at 38 degrees F. Combine the broth, salt, sugar, peppercorns, allspice and ginger in a large stockpot and bring to a boil over medium-high heat. Stir until the salt and sugar dissolve. Remove from the heat. Cool to room temperature and refrigerate the brine. The night before you'd like to eat: Truss the legs of the turkey with kitchen twine if desired. Combine the brine, water and ice in a 5-gallon bucket. Place the thawed turkey, with innards removed, breast-side  <END>
INPUT: brownies, unsweetened baking chocolate, solid vegetable shortening, eggs, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Brownies with Coconut Frosting | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Cooking spray; 2 ounces unsweetened baking chocolate; 1/3 cup solid vegetable shortening, such as Crisco; 2 large eggs; 1 cup sugar; 2/3 cup all-purpose flour; 1/2 teaspoon baking powder; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1 cup chopped pecans; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; Coconut Frosting, recipe follows; 1 cup evaporated milk; 1 cup sugar; 4 egg yolks; 1/2 cup butter (1 stick) | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Spray or grease the bottom of an 8-by-8-by-2-inch pan. Melt the chocolate with the shortening in the microwave or over a double boiler. Cool slightly. In a mixing bowl, beat the eggs well. Add the sugar and combine thoroughly, then stir the chocolate mixture. Sift the flour together with the baking powder and salt, and stir into the flour mixture. Stir in the pecans and vanilla extract. Spread the batter evenly in the prepared pan. Bake until a toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean, 25 to 30 minutes. Cool in pan for 5 <END>
INPUT: filling, hamantaschen, dates, orange zest, orange juice, cinnamon, almond extract
OUTPUT: TITLE: Date Orange Filling for Hamantaschen | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/4 cups packed pitted dates (about 10 ounces); 1 teaspoon packed finely grated fresh orange zest; 1/3 cup fresh orange juice; 3/4 teaspoon cinnamon; 1/4 teaspoon almond extract; 1 to 2 tablespoons water if necessary | INSTRUCTIONS: In a food processor blend together all filling ingredients except water until an almost smooth, jamlike consistency. If date mixture is very dry blend in water, 1 tablespoon at a time. Filling may be made 2 days ahead and chilled, covered. In a food processor blend together all filling ingredients except water until an almost smooth, jamlike consistency. If date mixture is very dry blend in water, 1 tablespoon at a time. Filling may be made 2 days ahead and chilled, covered. <END>
INPUT: cakes, sauce, plum Roma tomatoes, Salt pepper, olive oil, butter, spinach
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spinach Potato Cakes with Roasted Tomato Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 pounds plum or Roma tomatoes, halved; Salt and pepper; 1/2 cup olive oil; 2 tablespoons butter; 1 pound spinach, stems removed; 1 large egg, lightly beaten; 2 large or 3 medium Idaho potatoes, boiled and mashed; 1/4 teaspoon finely grated lemon zest; cup dried bread crumbs; 1 cup all-purpose flour; 1/4 cup canola oil; Fresh mozzarella (optional) | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. Preheat oven to 400°F. 2. Arrange the tomatoes in a single layer on a rimmed baking sheet; sprinkle with the salt and pepper, and coat well with the olive oil. Roast for 35 minutes, or until the skins blister. Cool and purée; set aside. 3. Heat a large skillet over medium-high heat. Add the butter, melt, then add the spinach and cook, stirring, until wilted. Transfer to a cutting board and let cool. Squeeze the spinach dry and finely chop; place in a large bowl. Add the egg and stir until well combined. Add the mashed potatoes, Parmesan, and lemon zest, and season with more salt and pepper; <END>
INPUT: American, salad, nuts, watercress, arugula, cider vinegar, grain mustard
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pear and Blue Cheese Salad | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2/3 cup nuts (walnuts, pecans, almonds, or cashews); 1 bunch watercress; 1 bunch arugula; 1 tablespoon cider vinegar; 2 teaspoons whole-grain mustard; 1/4 teaspoon kosher salt, plus more to taste; Freshly ground black pepper; 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1 Belgian endive; 2 ripe pears, such as Anjou, Bartlett, or Comice; 2 ounces mild blue cheese (about 1/2 cup loosely packed crumbles) | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Spread the nuts on a sheet pan in a single layer. Bake, shaking the pan occasionally, until the nuts are toasted and fragrant, about 7 to 10 minutes. Let the nuts cool, and then coarsely chop. Trim the stems of the watercress and arugula. Wash and dry the leaves. Meanwhile, whisk the vinegar and mustard together in a large salad bowl. Season with the 1/4 teaspoon salt and some pepper. Gradually whisk in the olive oil, starting with a few drops and then adding the rest in a steady stream, to make a smooth, slightly thick dressing. Halve the endive lengthwise, cut  <END>
INPUT: Italian, risotto, cakes, mixed mushrooms, olive oil, Salt pepper, mushroom stock broth, butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mushroom Risotto Cakes Stuffed with Duck Liver, Petit Greens, and White Truffles | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 16 ounces mixed mushrooms, chanterelle and portobello; 1 tablespoon olive oil; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 6 cups mushroom stock or broth; 3 ounces butter; 1/4 cup finely diced onion; 1/2 tablespoon minced garlic; 8 ounces carnaroli rice; Eight 1 1/2-ounce duck liver slices; 1 tablespoon chopped parsley; 4 ounces grated Parmigiano-Reggiano; 2 tablespoons minced shallots; 2 cups petit greens, chervil, mache and chervil; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 tablespoons olive oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Trim stems of mushrooms and slice evenly. Heat skillet and saute mushrooms in olive oil for 5 minutes or until tender and golden. Season with salt and pepper. Reserve 1/3 of mushrooms for the sauce. Heat stock in a pan and gently simmer. Meanwhile, melt 1 tablespoon of butter in a heavy saucepan on medium heat. Add the onion and saute until soft and translucent, approximately 5 minutes. Add the garlic and cook an additional minute longer. Add the rice and stir with a wooden spoon until rice becomes translucent. Add a ladle of mushroom stock and cook on medium heat until stock is absorbed. Adju <END>
INPUT: salad, farro, Sea salt, virgin olive oil, shrimp, Juice lime
OUTPUT: TITLE: Shrimp, Watercress and Farro Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup farro (emmer wheat); Sea salt; 1/2 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 1 1/2 pounds fresh shrimp, deveined, thoroughly rinsed and patted dry; Juice of 1/2 lime; Freshly ground black pepper; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh mint leaves; 1/2 lemon, juiced, seeds removed; One 15-ounce can cannellini beans, drained and rinsed well; 1 bunch watercress, tough stems removed | INSTRUCTIONS: Soak the farro in warm water for about 20 minutes. Drain and rinse well. Pour into a medium saucepan with enough water to cover by 1 inch. Cover the pot and bring to a boil, and then reduce to a simmer. Add a pinch of salt and cook for about 30 minutes. The farro should be soft but have a slight chew to it. Drain to remove excess water, and then transfer to a bowl and toss with 2 tablespoons of the olive oil. Set aside. Preheat the broiler. Toss the shrimp with 2 more tablespoons olive oil, some salt, pepper and the lime juice. Spread in an even layer on a baking sheet and broil for 10 minutes <END>
INPUT: crusted, grits, Kosher salt, skin almonds, egg, trout fillets
OUTPUT: TITLE: Almond-Crusted Trout with White Grits and Swiss Chard | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup white grits (not instant); Kosher salt, freshly ground pepper; 1 cup whole skin-on almonds; 1 large egg, beaten to blend; 4 6-ounce trout fillets; 2 tablespoons vegetable oil; 1 bunch Swiss chard, thick ribs and stems removed, torn into pieces; 1 small shallot, finely chopped; Lemon wedges (for serving) | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring grits and 4 cups water to a boil in a medium pot. Reduce heat to medium-low and gently simmer, whisking occasionally, until liquid is absorbed and grits are tender and creamy, 20–25 minutes. Season with salt and pepper. Meanwhile, pulse almonds in a food processor until texture of coarse breadcrumbs. Transfer to a shallow baking dish; season with salt and pepper. Place egg in another shallow baking dish. Season trout with salt and pepper. Working one at a time, dip skin side of fillets into egg, then in almonds, pressing to adhere. Transfer to a plate as you go. Heat oil in a large skill <END>
INPUT: bread, lemon zest, walnut halves, Parmesan, olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Baked Lemon Sole with Sauteed Swiss Chard | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 slices fresh white bread, crusts discarded and bread quartered; 1 teaspoon lemon zest; 1/4 cup walnut halves; 1/4 cup grated Parmesan; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 4 lemon sole fillets, rinsed and patted dry; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 4 tablespoons butter, plus extra for casserole; 1/4 cup lemon juice 3 tablespoons capers 2 tablespoons olive oil; 2 cloves garlic, minced; 2 bunches Swiss chard, leaves removed and chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. In a food processor combine bread, lemon zest, walnuts and cheese. Pulse until almost uniform in texture. Continue pulsing while drizzling in the olive oil. Set aside. Season fish with salt and pepper. Place 4 fillets in a single layer on a buttered 9 by 12-inch casserole. In a small saucepan melt 4 tablespoons of butter and add the lemon juice and capers. Pour butter mixture over fish, and sprinkle tops with bread crumb mixture. Bake uncovered for 15 to 20 minutes. Meanwhile, add the olive oil to a large skillet over medium heat. Infuse the oil with minced garli <END>
INPUT: Asian, carrots, sesame oil, kosher salt, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sesame Carrots | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 4 medium carrots; 1 tablespoon toasted sesame oil; kosher salt; freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Peel and cut 4 medium carrots into long matchstick-size pieces. Heat 1 tablespoon toasted sesame oil in a large skillet, preferably nonstick, over medium heat. Add carrots and cook, stirring occasionally, until just tender, 3-4 minutes. Season with kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper. Peel and cut 4 medium carrots into long matchstick-size pieces. Heat 1 tablespoon toasted sesame oil in a large skillet, preferably nonstick, over medium heat. Add carrots and cook, stirring occasionally, until just tender, 3-4 minutes. Season with kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper. <END>
INPUT: cocktail, sugar crystals, eggnog, brandy, amaretto liqueur, nutmeg
OUTPUT: TITLE: Crystal Cocktail | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: White sugar crystals; 2 cups store bought eggnog, chilled (or 2 cups vanilla ice cream); 1/2 cup brandy; 1/2 cup amaretto liqueur; 1 teaspoon ground nutmeg; 1/2 cup vanilla ice cream; Pumpkin pie spice, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Spread some sugar crystals in a saucer. Dampen rims of martini glasses and coat with sugar crystals. Combine the eggnog, brandy, amaretto, nutmeg, and vanilla ice cream in a blender. Pour into prepare martini glasses. Garnish each drink with a pinch of pumpkin pie spice. <END>
INPUT: canola oil, brisket, Kosher salt pepper, garlic, onions
OUTPUT: TITLE: Brisket with Parsnips, Leeks and Green Onions | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 to 3 tablespoons canola oil; One 3 1/2- to 4-pound brisket; Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper; 6 cloves garlic, peeled, sprinkled with pinch of salt and crushed with mortar and pestle; 2 bunches green onions, thinly sliced; 3 pounds small parsnips, bottoms trimmed, peeled and halved lengthwise; 1/4 cup dark brown sugar, plus 1 tablespoon divided; 2 tablespoons apple cider vinegar; 1/2 pound leeks, ends trimmed, halved lengthwise and cut into 1/2-inch slices, washed well; 1 cup red wine; 1 quart beef stock, heated | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat an oven to 350 degrees F. In a large pot, heat the canola oil over high heat. When the oil begins to smoke slightly, season both sides of the brisket with salt and pepper, to taste. Use metal tongs to add the meat to the pot. If the oil is hot enough, the meat will not stick to the bottom. Cook, undisturbed, on its first side until browned, about 3 to 5 minutes. Turn over and brown on the other side, about 3 to 5 additional minutes. Remove the meat from the pot and put it onto a baking sheet to rest. Combine the garlic paste and green onions in a small bowl. Spread half of the mixture  <END>
INPUT: Asian, cups, bottled chili garlic, sesame oil, low sodium soy, hoisin sauce, rice vinegar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lettuce Cups with Tofu and Beef | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoons bottled chili-garlic sauce; 1 1/2 teaspoons toasted sesame oil; 3 tablespoons low-sodium soy sauce; 1/4 cup hoisin sauce; 2 tablespoons rice vinegar; 2 tablespoons sherry or Chinese cooking wine; 8 ounces extra-firm tofu; 2 teaspoons canola oil; 2 tablespoons fresh minced ginger; 4 scallions, greens trimmed and reserved, thinly sliced (about 1/3 cup each greens and whites - 3/4-ounce each); 1/2 pound lean ground beef (90 percent or leaner); 1/2 cup finely diced water chestnuts; 1 large head Bibb lettuce, outer leaves discarded, leaves separated; 1 red bell pepper, finely diced; 1/4 cup chopped peanuts | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. In a bowl, whisk together chili-garlic sauce, sesame oil, soy sauce, hoisin sauce, vinegar and sherry. Slice the tofu into 1/2-inch thick slabs and lay the slices on top of paper towels. Use more paper towels to firmly pat the tofu in order to remove as much water as possible. This should take about 2 minutes and use about 3 paper towels. Finely mince dried tofu and set aside. Heat the oil in a wok or extra-large skillet over medium heat. Add the ginger and scallion whites and cook until scallion whites are translucent and ginger is fragrant, about 2 to 3 minutes <END>
INPUT: American, surf, turf, flank steak, garlic, onion, sugar, ginger
OUTPUT: TITLE: Surf n' Turf- Flank Steak and Prawns with a Salad of Grilled Romaine | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 to 3 pounds flank steak; 4 cloves garlic, minced; 1/2 yellow onion, minced; 3 tablespoons brown sugar; 1/2 teaspoon grated fresh ginger; 1/2 cup Worcestershire sauce; 1/2 cup soy sauce; 1 tablespoon freshly ground pepper; 3 tablespoons lemon juice; 3 tablespoons olive oil; 2 bay leaves; 1 (12-ounce) bottle dark ale or stout; 1 pound fresh prawns, peeled and deveined; 3 tablespoons olive oil; 3 tablespoons lime juice | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Score the top and bottom of the flank steak. Mix all ingredients in a gallon zip lock bag. Release as much air as possible from the bag and let marinate overnight. Remove steak from marinade and season with salt and pepper. On a preheated grill, grill over high heat 3 minutes per side for medium rare. Remove and let rest for 5 minutes. For the prawns, combine all ingredients in a zip lock bag and shake to coat. It can marinate for up to 1 hour but no longer. Remove the prawns from the marinade and place on preheated grill, turning only once, until curled and pink <END>
INPUT: torte, Vegetable oil greasing, blanched almonds, fine quality bittersweet, eggs, well stirred coconut
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate Toasted Almond Torte | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Vegetable oil for greasing pan; 1 cup blanched almonds (5 ounces); 8 ounces fine quality bittersweet chocolate, chopped; 5 large eggs, separated, at room temperature for 30 minutes; 2/3 cup well-stirred coconut milk; 1 teaspoon vanilla; 1/3 cup matzoh cake meal; 2 tablespoons potato starch; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/2 cup sugar; 1/3 cup sugar; 1/2 teaspoon potato starch; Sliced strawberries (about 1 quart; 3 cups); About 1/4 cup sliced almonds preferably with skin, lightly toasted for garnish (optional); Special equipment: a 9-to 9 1/2-inch (24 centimeter) spring-form pan; a coffee/spice grinder | INSTRUCTIONS: Bake cake: Preheat oven to 350°F with rack positioned in middle. Grease spring-form pan and line bottom and sides with parchment (greasing pan will help parchment stick). Arrange almonds in a shallow baking pan and toast in oven until deep golden in color, about 15 minutes. Cool completely. Reduce oven temperature to 325°F. While nuts cool, place chocolate in a heatproof bowl and melt over a pot of simmering water, stirring occasionally. Cool chocolate to warm. Place cooled almonds with matzoh cake meal, potato starch and salt in a food processor and pulse until finely ground. (Be careful not  <END>
INPUT: crostata, flour, sugar, lemon, unsalted butter, egg
OUTPUT: TITLE: Plum Crostata | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups flour; 1/2 cup sugar; 1 lemon, zested; 1/2 cup unsalted butter, cut up; 1 medium egg; 1 yolk; 2 tablespoons raspberry jam; 6 plums cut into wedges; 1/2 pint raspberries; 1 tablespoon honey; 2 tablespoons cream or milk; 2 tablespoons coarse sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: For the dough: In a standing mixer with a paddle blend together flour, sugar and lemon zest. Add butter and continue mixing on low until sandy looking. Meanwhile whisk together egg and yolk. Add to flour/butter mixture and blend on low just until it comes together. Form into a ball and chill. Roll dough out to a 14-inch circle and place on a parchment paper lined sheet pan. Fold over 1/2 inch of the crust to form a rustic edge. Spread jam on center of tart then fan around wedges of plums and dot with raspberries. Drizzle honey over plums, brush edge with cream and sprinkle with coarse sugar. B <END>
INPUT: meatball, subs, chicken, grill seasoning blend, egg, Parmigiano Reggiano, Italian bread crumbs
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken Parm Meatball Subs | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 pounds ground chicken; 1 tablespoon grill seasoning blend (recommended: Montreal Steak Seasoning by McCormick); 1 large egg; 1 cup grated Parmigiano-Reggiano; 1/2 cup Italian bread crumbs; Extra-virgin olive oil, for liberal drizzling plus, plus 3 tablespoons, 3 turns of the pan; Handful of chopped parsley leaves; 2 large cloves garlic, cracked from skin and split; 1/4 teaspoon red pepper flakes, a healthy couple of pinches; 1 (28-ounce) can crushed tomatoes, (recommended: San Marzano); 1 cup chicken stock; Salt; Pepper; 8 to 10 leaves fresh basil, torn or shredded; 4 (6 to 8-inch) crusty sub rolls | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 425 degrees F. Place chicken in a bowl and season with grill seasoning. Add egg, half of the grated cheese, bread crumbs, parsley, and a serious drizzle of extra-virgin olive oil to the bowl. Mix the meat and form 12 large meatballs. Squish the balls to flatten them a bit like mini oval meatloaves. Be careful not to form the balls wider than your bread. The flattened balls will stay put on your sub, no roll-aways! Bake the meatballs 15 minutes until golden and firm. Switch the broiler on. While the meatballs bake, heat a medium skillet over medium heat. Add 3 tablespoons extra- <END>
INPUT: American, gingersnap cookies, coconut, butter, half half, egg yolks
OUTPUT: TITLE: Coconut Cream Pie | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 30 gingersnap cookies; 1/4 cup sweetened shredded coconut; 5 tablespoons melted butter; 3 cups half-and-half; 2 egg yolks; 1/2 cup sugar; 1/3 cup cornstarch; 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract; 2 tablespoons butter; 1 1/2 cups sweetened shredded coconut; Whipped cream, for topping | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Process the gingersnaps in a food processor until fine. Add to a bowl along with the coconut and melted butter; toss until combined. Press firmly to the bottom and up the sides of a deep-dish 9-inch pie pan. Bake 10 minutes and let cool completely. Add the half-and-half, egg yolks, sugar, cornstarch, and vanilla to a round-bottomed saucepan off the heat and whisk together until the mixture is smooth and the cornstarch has dissolved. Place on medium heat and bring to a simmer, whisking constantly while it thickens. Once thick like pudding, remove from the heat <END>
INPUT: Asian, snap, ginger beer, Ice, ginger juice, dark rum, cinnamon schnapps
OUTPUT: TITLE: Ginger Snap | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1 oz. ginger beer; Ice; 1 tsp. ginger juice; 1 1/2 oz. dark rum; 1 tsp. cinnamon schnapps; Pinch of ground cloves; 1 egg white; Cinnamon stick; Crystallized ginger square; Finely ground gingerbread cookie | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Pour enough ginger beer into a saucer to cover and dip a martini glass into the saucer to coat the rim. Dip into a saucer with ground cookie. Scoop ice into shaker. Pour ginger juice, rum and cinnamon schnapps into a shaker. Add a pinch of ground cloves. Separate an egg and add egg white to shaker. Shake vigorously for at least 20 seconds until drink is frothy and foamy. The longer you shake, the foamier the drink. Add ginger beer and stir slightly. Pour into glass. Garnish with a cinnamon stick and crystallized ginger square, and sprinkle the top with finely gro <END>
INPUT: salad, octopus, celery, lemons, olives, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Octopus Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 octopus (4 to 5 pounds); 4 stalks celery, medium diced; 4 lemons, juiced; 1 can large pitted olives, halved; 1 clove garlic, minced; 3/4 red onion, medium diced; 1 tablespoon parsley, chopped; Olive oil; Salt and pepper, to taste | INSTRUCTIONS: In large stock pot boil octopus until tender (1 hour 45 minutes to 2 hours). Take out and let cool. When cool, clean and slice. In a large mixing bowl, add celery, juice from the lemons, olives, garlic, onion, parsley, and sprinkle with olive oil. Mix well and season salad with salt and pepper. Remove from mixing bowl and serve at room temperature. <END>
INPUT: foster, bananas, butter, sugar, dark rum, Confectioners' sugar dusting
OUTPUT: TITLE: Bananas Foster | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 ripe bananas, peeled and halved lengthwise and crosswise; 4 tablespoons butter; 1/3 cup packed brown sugar; 1/4 cup dark rum; Confectioners' sugar for dusting; Vanilla ice cream | INSTRUCTIONS: Melt butter in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Stir in sugar until smooth. Add bananas and cook until caramelized. Pour rum into a measuring cup and then pour it into skillet. Stand back and carefully light rum with a long match or barbecue lighter. When flame has died down and most of rum has cooked off, spoon out bananas and sauce into bowls of vanilla ice cream. <END>
INPUT: Italian, low salt chicken, whipping cream, garlic, pepper, Parmesan cheese
OUTPUT: TITLE: Creamy Garlic Pasta with Mushrooms and Prosciutto | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup canned low-salt chicken broth; 3/4 cup whipping cream; 3 large garlic cloves; 1/4 teaspoon dried crushed red pepper; 1/2 cup freshly grated Parmesan cheese; 1 tablespoon butter; 12 ounces crimini or button mushrooms, cut into 1/2-inches pieces; 12 ounces penne or other tubular pasta; 1 1/2 cups frozen green peas, thawed; 8 thin prosciutto slices, cut crosswise into 1/4-inch-wide strips; Additional freshly grated Parmesan cheese | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring broth, cream, garlic, and crushed red pepper to boil in medium saucepan. Reduce heat and simmer until liquid is reduced to 3/4 cup, about 20 minutes. Remove from heat. Mix in 1/2 cup Parmesan cheese; cover and keep warm. Melt butter in large nonstick skillet over medium-high heat. Add mushrooms; sauté until brown and tender, about 8 minutes. Remove from heat. Meanwhile, cook pasta in large pot of boiling salted water until just tender but still firm to bite. Drain pasta and return to pot. Add cream mixture, mushrooms and peas and stir over low heat until well coated with sauce, about 3 m <END>
INPUT: chips, yukon gold potatoes, vegetable oil, Salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Potato Chips | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 pounds yukon gold potatoes; 16 ounces vegetable oil; Salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Peel all of the potatoes and slice them thinly using a mandolin. Place the slice on a kitchen towel and make sure to dry them off. This will prevent the oil from spattering from the excess moisture of the potatoes. Heat the oil in a deep frying pan or a fryer, to 350 degrees F. Slowly add the potato slices and fry for approximately 2 to 3 minutes, until golden brown. Quickly remove the chips from the oil and drain on paper towels. While the chips are still hot, sprinkle the salt over the chips. Serve while still hot with your favorite dressing or condiment. <END>
INPUT: cranberries, Granny Smith apple, Zest orange, granulated sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cran-Apple Relish on Cinnamon Sugar Spoons | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Relish:; 1 1/2 cups fresh cranberries; 1 Granny Smith apple, peeled, cored and roughly chopped; Zest of 1 orange; 1/4 cup granulated sugar; 1 tablespoon orange juice; 1/4 teaspoon salt; Spoons:; 1 large egg; 1 tablespoon cinnamon; Flour, for dusting; One 17.3-ounce box frozen puff pastry, thawed; Pomegranate seeds, for garnish (optional) | INSTRUCTIONS: For the relish: Add cranberries and apple to a food processor and pulse until finely chopped, about 10 to 12 pulses. Transfer the mixture to a bowl. Stir in the orange zest, sugar, juice and salt. Cover and refrigerate for at least and hour and up to 3 days. For the spoons: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper. In a small bowl, whisk the egg with 2 teaspoons water to make an egg wash. Combine the sugar and cinnamon in a small bowl and mix well. On a floured work surface, lay out the puff pastry sheets. Using a spoon-shaped cookie cutter (about 4-by-1 inch <END>
INPUT: Indian, chutney, virgin olive oil, unsalted butter, shallot, garlic, kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Peach Mustard Chutney | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1 medium shallot, diced; 1 clove garlic, roughly chopped; 3/4 teaspoon kosher salt; Freshly ground black pepper; 1 pound frozen peaches (about 2 1/2 cups) thawed and roughly chopped; 1/4 cup brown sugar; 1/3 cup dried cherries; 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard | INSTRUCTIONS: Melt the oil and butter in a medium saucepan over medium heat. Add the shallot and garlic season with the salt and pepper, and cook until tender, about 4 minutes. Stir in the peaches, brown sugar, cherries, and mustard. Cook, stirring occasionally, until peaches get nice and juicy and turn into a thick chunky compote, about 8 minutes. Cool and serve at room temperature with chicken or pork. <END>
INPUT: Asian, seasoned rice vinegar, light soy sauce, lime juice, ginger, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fried Catfish with Chive-Ginger Sauce | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 2 1/2 tablespoons seasoned rice vinegar; 1 1/2 tablespoons light soy sauce; 1 tablespoon fresh lime juice; 1 teaspoon finely grated peeled fresh ginger; 1 small garlic clove, pressed; 1 teaspoon (packed) golden brown sugar; 4 tablespoons chopped fresh chives; 2 6- to 7-ounce skinless catfish fillets; All purpose flour; Peanut oil (for frying); Fresh whole chives | INSTRUCTIONS: Whisk vinegar, soy sauce, lime juice, grated ginger, garlic and golden brown sugar in small bowl to blend. Mix in 3 tablespoons chopped chives. (Sauce can be prepared 1 day ahead. Cover and refrigerate.) Press 1 tablespoon chopped chives onto both sides of fish. Sprinkle fish with salt and pepper. Dredge fish in flour; shake off excess. Pour peanut oil into heavy large skillet to depth of 1/4 inch. Heat oil over medium-high heat. Add catfish fillets to skillet and cook until crisp outside and just opaque in center, about 3 minutes per side. Transfer catfish to paper towels to drain. Place catf <END>
INPUT: pancakes, unsweetened pineapple juice, wild blueberries, peach, Greek yogurt, eggs
OUTPUT: TITLE: Greek Yogurt Pancakes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6-ounce can unsweetened pineapple juice; 1 cup frozen wild blueberries; 1 large peach, pitted, peeled and diced, or 1 cup frozen peach slices, thawed and diced; 2 cups 2-percent Greek yogurt; 4 large eggs; 2 tablespoons light brown sugar; 1 teaspoon finely grated lemon zest; 1/2 cup all-purpose flour; 1 1/2 teaspoons baking soda; Kosher salt; Cooking spray | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring the pineapple juice and blueberries to a boil in a small saucepan. Cook until the blueberries soften and pop and the juice is thickened and syrupy, about 15 minutes. Stir in the peaches and cook for 5 more minutes. Remove from the heat and set aside. Meanwhile, whisk the yogurt, eggs, sugar and zest in a large bowl until combined. Mix together the flour, baking soda and 1/2 teaspoon salt in a small bowl and fold into the yogurt mixture until combined. Heat a large nonstick skillet or griddle over medium heat and coat with cooking spray. Working in batches, pour the batter about 1/4 cup a <END>
INPUT: sauce, beef jerky, boiling water, vegetable oil, onion, bell pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Jerky Tomato Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 to 4 ounces beef jerky; 1 cup boiling water; 1 tablespoon vegetable oil; 1/2 cup chopped onion; 1/2 cup chopped green bell pepper; Pinch kosher salt; 2 cloves garlic, minced; 1 (14.5-ounce) can chopped tomatoes; 1 teaspoon dried parsley; 1/4 cup heavy cream | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Using kitchen shears, cut the jerky into small bite-size pieces. Place in the boiling water and set aside. Place the vegetable oil, onion, and bell pepper, along with a pinch of kosher salt, in a large, 12-inch saute pan over medium heat. Sweat for 4 to 5 minutes or until the onions are translucent. Add the garlic and continue to cook for 2 to 3 minutes. Add the jerky and its liquid along with the tomatoes, parsley, and cream, and continue to cook for 8 to 10 minutes or until the sauce thickens slightly. Serve over toast, biscuits, rice, or pasta. <END>
INPUT: chickpea, stew, onion, garlic, crumbled saffron threads, hot pepper flakes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Saffron Chicken and Chickpea Stew | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 medium onion, chopped; 3 large garlic cloves, minced; 1 (3-inch) cinnamon stick; 1/4 teaspoon crumbled saffron threads; 1/4 teaspoon dried hot red pepper flakes; 1 bay leaf; 1 pinch ground cloves; 2 teaspoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1/2 large fennel bulb (6 ounces); 1 red bell pepper; 1 yellow bell pepper; 1 3/4 cups canned crushed tomatoes (15-ounce can); 1/2 cup chicken broth; 1/2 cup water; 1 pound skinless, boneless chicken breast halves | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook onion, garlic, cinnamon stick, saffron, pepper flakes, bay leaf, and clove in oil in a 4-quart heavy saucepan over low heat, stirring occasionally, until onion is softened, about 8 minutes. Trim fennel stalks flush with bulb, discarding stalks, and trim any discolored outer layers. Cut bulb lengthwise into 1/4-inch wedges. Cut peppers into 1 * inch pieces Add fennel and bell peppers to onion mixture and cook, stirring occasionally, 5 minutes. Add tomatoes, broth, and water and simmer, covered, until peppers are tender, about 8 minutes. Rinse and drain chickpeas. Pat chicken dry and cut cr <END>
INPUT: Asian, tray, blocks, sashimi grade salmon, onions, cucumber, grape tomatoes, lime juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Ice-Tray Sushi Blocks | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 7 ounces sashimi-grade salmon, cut into 1/4-inch cubes; 3 green onions, chopped; 1/4 cucumber, finely chopped (3 tablespoons); About 5 grape tomatoes, finely chopped (3 tablespoons); 2 teaspoons lime juice; 1 teaspoon orange juice; 2 1/2 tablespoons mayonnaise; 1/4 teaspoon sesame oil; 1/4 teaspoon kosher salt; 1/8 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 2 cups cooked sushi rice (from a Japanese restaurant) | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. Combine all the ingredients except the rice in a bowl. 2. To make the sushi-rice blocks, use an ice-cube tray as a mold (small cups, mini-muffin tins, and tartlet pans will also work). Prepare the mold by sprinkling it lightly with water. 3. Press the rice into the tray squares, then use your finger to push a hole 3/4 of the way into each square. 4. Turn the mold upside down onto waxed paper, and tap until the squares fall out. 5. Fill each hole with about a teaspoon of the salmon mixture and serve. 1. Combine all the ingredients except the rice in a bowl. 2. To make the sushi-rice blocks,  <END>
INPUT: broccoli rabe, good olive oil, garlic, pepper flakes, kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Broccoli Rabe With Garlic | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 bunches broccoli rabe; 3 tablespoons good olive oil; 6 large cloves garlic, sliced; 1/2 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes; 2 teaspoons kosher salt; 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Cut off and discard the tough ends of the broccoli rabe and cut the rest of into 2-inch pieces. Place the broccoli in a colander and rinse. Drain well. Heat the olive oil in a large pot. Add the garlic and cook over low heat, stirring occasionally, for 4 to 6 minutes, until golden brown. Remove the garlic with a slotted spoon, and set aside. Add the broccoli to the hot oil. Add the red pepper flakes, salt, and pepper and cook, covered, over medium to low heat for 5 to 10 minutes, turning occasionally with tongs, until the stalks are tender but still al dente. Add <END>
INPUT: frittata, peaches, cherries, eggs, milk, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Frittata with Peaches and Cherries | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 8 ounces frozen peaches, thawed and drained; 8 ounces frozen cherries, thawed and drained; 6 eggs, at room temperature; 1/4 cup whole milk; 1/3 cup sugar; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh thyme leaves; 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt; 1 tablespoon vegetable or canola oil; 1/3 cup (3 ounces) crumbled goat cheese; Maple syrup, for serving | INSTRUCTIONS: Place an oven rack in the center of the oven. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Place the thawed peaches and cherries on a paper towel-lined plate to remove any excess juices. Set aside. In a medium bowl, whisk the eggs, milk, sugar, thyme, and salt until smooth. Stir in the fruit. Heat the oil in a 10-inch, oven-safe, nonstick skillet (without a rubber or plastic handle) over medium heat. Pour in the egg mixture and, using a wooden spoon, carefully distribute the fruit evenly in the pan. Sprinkle the cheese over the top and cook without stirring for 5 to 6 minutes, or until the edges start t <END>
INPUT: barbecued, Salt pepper, Barbecue sauce
OUTPUT: TITLE: Barbecued Brisket | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 (14 to 15 pound) certified Angus brisket, held in the cryovac bag at 33 to 35 degrees F for 40 to 45 days; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; Barbecue sauce, homemade or store bought | INSTRUCTIONS: Prepare and heat a grill stocked with hickory. This is a slow cooking meat, so the temperature of the grill should be between 240 and 250 degrees F. Trim the fat off of the meat, leaving 1/4-inch of fat cover. Season the meat with salt and pepper and grill until an inserted instant read meat thermometer says 200 degrees F in the thickest part of the meat, 12 or more hours, checking the internal temperature every 30 minutes during the last 4 hours. If the brisket seems to dry out, when it reaches an internal temperature of 170 degrees, cook the meat for the remainder of time wrapped in foil. Wr <END>
INPUT: shallot, lemon juice, smoked bluefish smoked, chives
OUTPUT: TITLE: Smoked-Bluefish Pâté | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons finely chopped shallot; 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 1 (8-ounce) package cream cheese, softened; 1/4 pound smoked bluefish or smoked trout, skin discarded and fish chopped; 3 tablespoons finely chopped fresh chives; Accompaniment: toasts or crackers | INSTRUCTIONS: Stir together shallot, lemon juice, and 1/4 teaspoon salt, then beat in cream cheese, bluefish, and 1/2 teaspoon pepper with a spoon until combined well. Stir in chives. Stir together shallot, lemon juice, and 1/4 teaspoon salt, then beat in cream cheese, bluefish, and 1/2 teaspoon pepper with a spoon until combined well. Stir in chives. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, raita, cucumber, kosher salt, plain milk yogurt, cilantro, zest juice lime
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cucumber-Lime Raita | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 cucumber, grated on the large holes of a box grater; 1 teaspoon kosher salt, plus more; 1 cup plain whole milk yogurt (not Greek); 2 tablespoons finely chopped cilantro; Finely grated zest and juice of 1 lime; Freshly ground pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine the cucumber and 1 teaspoon salt in colander set over a bowl, toss to combine and let stand for 30 minutes. Use your hands to squeeze as much moisture as possible from the cucumbers, then transfer them to a bowl. Stir in the yogurt, cilantro and lime zest and juice. Season the raita with more salt and pepper then cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate until ready to use, up to 2 days. <END>
INPUT: French, olive oil, garlic, tarragon, chicken
OUTPUT: TITLE: Garlic and Tarragon Chicken | CUISINE: French | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup olive oil; 6 large garlic cloves, finely chopped; 2 tablespoons dried tarragon, crumbled; 1 3 1/2-pound chicken, cut into 8 pieces | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 500°F. Combine oil, garlic and tarragon in small bowl. Coat chicken pieces with oil mixture. Arrange chicken on baking sheet. Season with salt and pepper. Bake chicken 10 minutes. Reduce heat to 375°F. Bake until chicken is just cooked through, about 30 minutes longer. Preheat oven to 500°F. Combine oil, garlic and tarragon in small bowl. Coat chicken pieces with oil mixture. Arrange chicken on baking sheet. Season with salt and pepper. Bake chicken 10 minutes. Reduce heat to 375°F. Bake until chicken is just cooked through, about 30 minutes longer. <END>
INPUT: chanterelles Portobellos, unsalted butter, olive oil, wine, flat leafed parsley
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sauteed Fresh Chanterelles | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/4 pounds fresh chanterelles or Portobellos; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1 tablespoon olive oil; 1/4 cup dry white wine; 3 tablespoons coarsely chopped fresh flat-leafed parsley leaves; fresh lemon juice to taste | INSTRUCTIONS: Halve chanterelles lengthwise or cut Portobellos into 1/2-inch-thick slices. In a large non-stick skillet melt butter with oil over moderately high heat until foam subsides and sauté mushrooms, stirring, with salt and pepper to taste until barely tender, about 2 minutes. Add wine and cook, stirring, until liquid is evaporated and mushrooms are tender, about 5 minutes. In a bowl toss mushrooms with parsley and lemon juice. Halve chanterelles lengthwise or cut Portobellos into 1/2-inch-thick slices. In a large non-stick skillet melt butter with oil over moderately high heat until foam subsides a <END>
INPUT: French, warm, potato, balsamic vinegar, bacon renderings, Dijon mustard, blended oil, Salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Honey Dijon Chicken, Warm Potato Salad | CUISINE: French | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup white balsamic vinegar; 2 tablespoons bacon renderings, at room temperature; 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard; 1 cup 80/20 blended oil; Salt and pepper; 1/2 gallon vegetable oil; 1/2 cup honey mustard; 1 cup milk; 4 eggs, whipped; Four 6-ounce chicken breasts; 1 tablespoon salt; 1 teaspoon pepper; 1 cup all-purpose flour; 1 cup Japanese breadcrumbs; 1 tablespoon grapeseed oil | INSTRUCTIONS: For the dressing: In a food processor, mix the vinegar, bacon renderings and mustard. Mix well, and then slowly drizzle in the oil until well emulsified. Taste and season. For the chicken: Preheat the oil in a large, heavy pot or deep-fryer to 350 degrees F. In a bowl, blend the honey mustard, milk and eggs. Next, sprinkle the breasts with the salt and pepper. Then toss in the flour, then the egg wash and finally coating each breast well with the breadcrumbs. Repeat the process with each breast. Fry for 3 minutes. Flip and finish for a final 3 minutes. Once the chicken is cooked, remove from t <END>
INPUT: Asian, soup, chicken, carrots, leeks, yam, celery
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cream of Carrot Soup with Fresh Ginger | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 7 cups chicken, or vegetable stock; 2 pounds fresh carrots, peeled; 3 leeks, sliced in half lengthwise and thoroughly cleaned; 1 yam, peeled; 4 stalks celery; 4 tablespoons butter; 1 (3-inch) piece fresh ginger root, peeled and grated; 1 teaspoon ground nutmeg; 1 teaspoon salt; 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 1/2 pint heavy cream (optional) | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large pot, bring stock to a boil. While stock is heating, chop all vegetables into small pieces (approximately 1/2-inch cubes). In a saute pan, over medium-high heat, melt half of the butter. Saute vegetables with ginger and nutmeg for approximately 15 minutes, or until vegetables are browned. Add remaining butter as needed. Add Sauteed vegetables to stock, reduce heat, cover with a lid, and simmer for 30 minutes. Let cool to room temperature and then puree in a blender. Soup should be thick and smooth. If you like your soup velvety smooth, pour through a fine mesh strainer. Add salt and  <END>
INPUT: Mexican, salad, virgin olive oil, balsamic vinegar, kosher salt, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chipotle Shrimp and Arugula Salad | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 1 tablespoon white balsamic vinegar; 1/4 teaspoon kosher salt; 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 3 cups (about 3 ounces) baby arugula or 1 small head butter lettuce, coarsely torn; 6 large radishes, very thinly sliced; 1/4 cup roasted salted pumpkin seeds; 1 teaspoon arrowroot; 1 tablespoons apple cider vinegar; 1/4 cup apricot jam; 1 canned chipotle chile in adobo sauce, chopped; 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt; 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil; 1 pound medium-large shrimp, shelled and deveined | INSTRUCTIONS: For the salad: Whisk the oil, white balsamic vinegar, salt and pepper in a large bowl. Add the arugula, radishes and pumpkin seeds. Toss to blend. Arrange the salad on a serving platter. For the shrimp: Place the arrowroot in a small bowl. Gradually add the cider vinegar, stirring until the arrowroot dissolves. Mix in the jam, chipotle chile, 1/4 teaspoon of the salt and 1/4 teaspoon of the pepper. In a large nonstick skillet, heat the oil over medium-high heat for 1 minute. Add the shrimp. Sprinkle with the remaining 1/4 teaspoon salt and 1/4 teaspoon pepper. Toss until almost cooked through, <END>
INPUT: American, teton, pepper, Kosher salt, pureed roasted garlic, olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Buffalo Tenderloin with Teton Black Bar-B-Que Sauce | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 6 to 8 (8-ounce) buffalo tenderloins; Freshly ground black pepper; Kosher salt; 2 tablespoons pureed roasted garlic; 2 tablespoons olive oil, plus 2 teaspoons (recommended: Pomace); 1 tablespoon chopped shallots; 1 sprig rosemary leaves stripped from stem, coarsely chopped; 1 sprig thyme, stripped; 3 leaves sage, chopped; 1 teaspoon chopped garlic; 1/2 cup port wine; 1 1/2 cups huckleberry preserves (may substitute Marion or blackberry preserves); 1 cup maple syrup; 1/2 cup red wine vinegar; 1 1/2 cups Worcestershire sauce | INSTRUCTIONS: Buffalo Tenderloins: Lightly marinate buffalo tenderloins with fresh black pepper, kosher salt, roasted garlic, and 2 tablespoons olive oil for 2 hours in the refrigerator, then grill to desired doneness. Teton Black Bar-B-Que Sauce: To a saute pan, add 2 teaspoons olive oil, shallots, rosemary, thyme, and sage over medium heat until shallots just soften, about 2 minutes. Lastly, add garlic and continue sauteing until mixture has caramelized. Add the port wine and scrape up the brown bits that cling to the bottom of the pan with a wooden spoon. Continue cooking until sauce is reduced by about  <END>
INPUT: Italian, sauce, firmly basil leaves, garlic, salt, virgin olive oil, light sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Broiled Arctic Char with Basil Sauce and Tomato | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup firmly packed fresh basil leaves; 1/4 teaspoon minced garlic; 1/8 teaspoon salt; 3 1/2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1/4 teaspoon packed light brown sugar; 1 teaspoon red-wine vinegar; 1 small tomato, cut into 1/3-inch-thick slices; 1 (6-oz) piece arctic char fillet; Accompaniment: fresh-cut lemon | INSTRUCTIONS: Blanch basil in a 1-quart saucepan of boiling water 15 seconds, then transfer with a slotted spoon to a bowl of ice and cold water to stop cooking. Squeeze excess liquid from basil and purée in a blender with garlic, salt, and 3 tablespoons oil. Preheat broiler. Line rack of a small broiler pan with foil, then oil foil. Stir together brown sugar and vinegar until sugar is dissolved, then overlap tomato slices on a large plate and drizzle with vinegar mixture. Season with salt. Put fish, skin side down, on pan, then season with salt and pepper and drizzle with remaining 1/2 tablespoon oil. Broi <END>
INPUT: Mexican, tomatillos, garlic, California avocados, cilantro, lime juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Avocado and Tomatillo Dip | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 pound fresh tomatillos; 4 large garlic cloves; 3 California avocados; 1/2 cup chopped fresh cilantro sprigs; 1 1/2 tablespoons fresh lime juice, or to taste; 4 tablespoons finely chopped red onion | INSTRUCTIONS: Remove husks and rinse tomatillos under warm water to remove stickiness. Heat a well-seasoned cast-iron skillet or griddle over moderately high heat until hot but not smoking and lightly brown tomatillos and garlic in spots all over (do not let burn). Transfer tomatillos and garlic to a plate and cool them to room temperature. In a food processor purée tomatillos and garlic until smooth. Halve and pit avocados and scoop into tomatillo mixture. Pulse until coarsely chopped. Stir in cilantro, lime juice, 3 tablespoons onion, and salt and pepper to taste. Garnish dip with remaining tablespoon cho <END>
INPUT: Asian, paniolo, fermented beans, hoisin sauce, honey, soy sauce, Sherry
OUTPUT: TITLE: Paniolo Rack of Lamb | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon fermented black beans; 6 tablespoons hoisin sauce; 1/4 cup honey; 3 tablespoons soy sauce (preferably low-salt); 3 tablespoons medium-dry Sherry; 2 tablespoons Asian sesame oil; 1 tablespoon Thai red curry paste; 1 teaspoon Asian chili paste; 1 tablespoon minced garlic; 2 tablespoons freshly grated orange zest; 2 frenched racks of lamb, available by request from butcher (about 1 1/2 pounds; 1 tablespoon sesame seeds | INSTRUCTIONS: Make marinade: Rinse black beans and pat dry. Chop beans fine and in a bowl whisk together with remaining marinade ingredients and salt and pepper to taste. In a large sealable plastic bag combine lamb and marinade and seal bag, pressing out excess air. Marinate lamb, chilled, turning occasionally, 2 hours. Prepare grill and preheat oven to 400°F. Remove lamb from bag and discard marinade. Grill lamb on an oiled rack set 5 to 6 inches over glowing coals. turning, until browned all over, about 5 minutes. Transfer lamb, meat sides up, to a shallow baking pan and roast in middle of oven 10 minute <END>
INPUT: pudding, navel oranges, orange liqueur Grand, sugar, tapioca pearls, milk
OUTPUT: TITLE: Orange Tapioca Pudding | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 navel oranges; 2 tablespoons orange liqueur such as Grand Marnier or Cointreau; 1/3 cup plus 3 tablespoons sugar, divided; 1/3 cup tapioca pearls (preferably 1/8 inch; not quick-cooking); 3 cups whole milk; 2 large eggs, separated; 1/2 cup chilled heavy cream | INSTRUCTIONS: Finely grate enough orange zest to measure 1 teaspoon. Cut remaining peel and white pith from oranges with a sharp knife, then discard. Cut segments free from membranes, letting them drop into a bowl, then squeeze enough juice from membranes to measure 3 tablespoons, adding it to segments. Add liqueur and 2 tablespoons sugar and toss with segments. Let macerate 20 minutes. While orange segments macerate, cook tapioca, milk, grated zest, 1/3 cup sugar, and 1/8 teaspoon salt in a heavy medium saucepan over medium heat, stirring, until sugar has dissolved. Bring to a boil, stirring occasionally,  <END>
INPUT: American, cupcakes, Crisco® Pure Vegetable, em, water
OUTPUT: TITLE: Brownie Cupcakes with Hazelnut Buttercream | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 (19.5) oz. Pillsbury® Family Size Chocolate Fudge Brownie Mix; 1/2 cup Crisco® Pure Vegetable Oil; Brownies:; /em; 1/4 cup water; 2 large eggs; 1/2 cup chopped hazelnuts, plus additional for garnish; Hazelnut Buttercream:; 1/4 cup Crisco® All-Vegetable Shortening; or 1/4 stick Crisco® Baking Sticks All-Vegetable Shortening; 1/4 cup butter, softened; 1/3 cup Jif® Chocolate Flavored Hazelnut Spread; 1 1/4 cups powdered sugar; 1/2 tsp. vanilla extract; 1/8 tsp. salt | INSTRUCTIONS: For Brownies: HEAT oven to 350 degrees F. Line 12 muffin cups with paper baking cups. Prepare brownie mix according to package directions using oil, water and eggs. Stir in 1/2 cup of chopped hazelnuts. Divide batter evenly into baking cups. BAKE 30 to 32 minutes or until centers are set. Cool 2 minutes. Remove from pan. Cool completely on wire racks. For Frosting: BEAT shortening, butter and chocolate hazelnut spread in a large bowl, with an electric mixer on medium speed until smooth. Add powdered sugar, vanilla, salt and 1 tablespoon milk. Beat slowly until combined. Beat on high, 3 to 5 mi <END>
INPUT: gratin, assorted wild mushrooms, Yukon Gold potatoes, salt, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Yukon Gold Potato and Wild Mushroom Gratin | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 tablespoons (3/4 stick) butter; 12 ounces assorted fresh wild mushrooms, sliced; 3 pounds Yukon Gold potatoes; 1 1/2 teaspoons salt; 3/4 teaspoon ground black pepper; 2 cups heavy whipping cream | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 375°F. Melt butter in heavy large skillet over medium-high heat. Add mushrooms and sauté until brown and soft, about 6 minutes. Generously butter 11x7x2-inch baking dish. Peel and cut potatoes into 1/8-inch-thick slices. Arrange 2 layers of potatoes in prepared dish. Spoon 1/3 of mushrooms over potatoes. Sprinkle with 1/2 teaspoon salt and 1/4 teaspoon pepper. Repeat 2 more times with potatoes, mushrooms, salt, and pepper. Pour cream over potatoes. Cover with foil and bake 45 minutes. (Can be made 2 hours ahead. Let stand at room temperature.) Uncover and continue baking until  <END>
INPUT: puffs, milk, sugar, kosher salt, all purpose flour
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cream Puffs | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup whole milk; 1/2 cup (1 stick) unsalted butter, cut into 8 pieces; 1 teaspoon plus 2 tablespoons sugar; 1 teaspoon kosher salt; 1 cup all-purpose flour; 6 large eggs; 2 1/2 cups heavy cream; Powdered sugar (for dusting); Special equipment: Two pastry bag tips, 1/2" and 1/2" open star | INSTRUCTIONS: Line 2 baking sheets with parchment paper. Fit 1 large pastry bag (or a plastic freezer bag with 1/2" cut from one bottom corner) with plain 1/2" tip. Bring milk, butter, 1 teaspoon sugar, salt, and 1/2 cup water to a boil in a medium saucepan over medium heat, stirring occasionally. Add flour all at once; reduce heat to medium-low. Stir vigorously with a wooden spoon until a dough forms and pulls away from sides of pan, 1-2 minutes. Continue beating vigorously until a thin dry film forms on bottom and sides of pot, about 1 minute. Transfer to a bowl. Add 1 egg and stir vigorously with wooden  <END>
INPUT: Mexican, volcano, ketchup, pureed chipotle, apple cider vinegar, Worcestershire sauce, hot sauce
OUTPUT: TITLE: BBQ Volcano Chipotle Wings | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 4 cups ketchup; 3 cups pureed chipotle; 1 1/4 cups apple cider vinegar; 3/4 cup Worcestershire sauce; 1/2 cup hot sauce, such as Frank's Original Hot Sauce; 1/4 cup cayenne pepper; 1/4 cup granulated garlic; 1/4 cup Sriracha; 1/3 cup red pepper flakes; 3 tablespoons brown sugar; 3 tablespoons hot sauce, such as Tabasco; 3 tablespoons whole grain mustard; 2 tablespoons salt; 2 teaspoons liquid hickory smoke; 40 pounds chicken wings | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. For the volcano chipotle sauce: In a saucepot over medium heat, combine the ketchup, chipotle puree, vinegar, Worcestershire sauce, hot sauce, cayenne, granulated garlic, Sriracha, red pepper flakes, brown sugar, hot sauce, mustard, salt and liquid smoke for 15 minutes, stirring occasionally. Keep partially covered for some ventilation. For maximum heat, add more red pepper flakes. Turn the deep fryer to 375 degrees F. For the chicken wings: No seasoning needed. Drop the wings, in batches, in the deep fryer or home fryer for 8 minutes. A good way to know when the <END>
INPUT: Italian, polenta, sticks, water, salt, sage leaves, cornmeal
OUTPUT: TITLE: Parmesan Sage Polenta Sticks | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 4 cups water; 1 1/4 teaspoons salt; 1 tablespoon minced fresh sage leaves or 1 teaspoon dried, crumbled; 1 1/3 cups yellow cornmeal; 1/2 stick (1/4 cup) unsalted butter; 1 cup freshly grated Parmesan cheese (about 1/4 pound) | INSTRUCTIONS: Butter a 13- by 9-inch glass baking dish. In a large heavy saucepan bring water to a boil and add salt. Add sage and 1/3 cup cornmeal, a little at a time, stirring constantly. Reduce heat to low and add remaining cup cornmeal in a slow stream, stirring constantly. Cook mixture over low heat, whisking, 1 minute and remove pan from heat. Add 2 tablespoons butter and 1/3 cup Parmesan and stir polenta until butter is incorporated. Working quickly, spread polenta evenly in prepared dish and chill until firm, about 20 minutes. Polenta may be prepared up to this point 1 day ahead and chilled, covered <END>
INPUT: salad, pecans, sherry vinegar, honey, kosher salt, pepper, virgin olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Plum Salad with Aged Gouda and Pecans | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons sherry vinegar; 1 teaspoon honey; 3/4 teaspoon kosher salt; Freshly ground black pepper; 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 4 ripe plums (about 1 pound), pitted and quartered; 1 teaspoon extra-virgin olive oil; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 3 cups torn escarole leaves (about 1/2 head); 1 bunch watercress, washed, dried, and stems trimmed (about 3 cups); 4 ounces aged Gouda cheese, thinly sliced; 1/4 cup pecan halves, toasted | INSTRUCTIONS: For the dressing: Whisk the vinegar, honey, 3/4 teaspoon salt, and pepper to taste in a large bowl. Gradually whisk in oil, starting with a few drops and adding the rest in a steady stream to make a smooth, slightly thick vinaigrette. Set aside. For the salad: Heat a grill pan over medium-high heat. Brush the plums with olive oil and sprinkle with salt and pepper to taste. Grill the plums until slightly soft, about 1 minute per side. To get distinct grill marks, resist the temptation to move the fruit around on the pan as it cooks. Cut the plum wedges in half crosswise and toss with the dressi <END>
INPUT: Indian, chutney, cider vinegar, loosely sugar, sugar, sweet pepper, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fresh Peach Chutney | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup cider vinegar; 1/2 cup loosely packed brown sugar; 1/2 cup white sugar; 1 large sweet red pepper, seeded, diced 1/4 inch, about 1/2 cup; 1 small white onion, peeled and diced, about 1/2 cup; 1 small jalapeño pepper, seeded and diced, 2 tablespoons; 1/3 cup white raisins; 1 tablespoon finely chopped garlic; 1 tablespoon grated ginger; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1 1/2 pounds firm, fresh peaches, blanched to remove the skin, pit removed, sliced into wedges | INSTRUCTIONS: Put the vinegar and both sugars into a non-reactive pot, place over medium heat and bring to a boil. Add the red pepper, onion, jalapeño, raisins, garlic, ginger, salt and simmer 10 minutes. Add the peach segments and simmer an additional 5-10 minutes. If the peaches are still firm allow to cook several minutes more. If you would like the syrup thicker you may also allow to cook for a minute or two to reduce liquid. Remove from the heat and allow to cool for 15 minutes in the pot. Serve at room temperature. Transfer all excess to a clean container and refrigerate, covered, for up to one week.  <END>
INPUT: spiced, almonds, pears, figs, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Spiced Pears and Figs with Almonds | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup sliced almonds; 4 firm-ripe pears (preferably Bartlett); 1/2 pound dried figs (as soft as possible; about 12); 1/2 cup sugar; 1/2 stick (1/4 cup) unsalted butter; 1 vanilla bean; 1 teaspoon cinnamon; 1/4 teaspoon ground allspice; Accompaniment: sour cream | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 450°F. In an ovenproof 10-inch heavy skillet toast almonds in one layer in middle of oven until golden, about 5 minutes, and transfer to a bowl. Halve pears lengthwise and cut each half into 3 wedges, discarding cores. Quarter figs lengthwise. In skillet melt sugar and butter over moderate heat, stirring occasionally, until sugar is melted completely and remove skillet from heat. With a knife halve vanilla bean lengthwise and scrape seeds into butter mixture. With a wooden spoon stir in vanilla pod, cinnamon, allspice, pears, and figs until coated and roast in middle of oven 20 <END>
INPUT: sour, glaze, light sugar, honey, vegetable oil, lime, pepper flakes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Smoked Pork Chops with Sweet and Sour Glaze | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup light brown sugar; 1/4 cup honey; 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, plus extra for grill; 1 lime, juiced; 1 teaspoon red pepper flakes; 8 thinly cut (about 1/2-inch thick) smoked pork chops | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat a grill pan to medium-high. In a plastic resealable bag, big enough to fit the chops, mix together the sugar, honey, oil, lime juice, and red pepper flakes. Add the pork chops and let marinate for at least 20 minutes. Remove the pork from the marinade. Lightly brush the grill with oil. Put the chops on the grill and cook until grill marks form, about 2 minutes. Rotate the chops 90 degrees, and grill for 2 minutes more, to create diamond grill marks. Flip and cook another 2 minutes. Remove from grill to a serving platter and serve. <END>
INPUT: Asian, tea bags, sugar, piece ginger, prosecco
OUTPUT: TITLE: Iced Ginger Green Tea | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 3 green tea bags; 1/2 cup sugar; 1-inch piece ginger, sliced, plus more for garnish; 1 bottle prosecco (optional) | INSTRUCTIONS: Put the green tea bags into a heatproof container and pour in 1 quart boiling water. Let steep until it comes to room temperature, about 1 hour. Remove the tea bags and discard. While the tea is steeping, in a saucepan over medium-high heat, bring 1 cup water, the sugar, and ginger to a boil. Stir to dissolve the sugar, remove from the heat, and allow to cool to room temperature, about 1 hour. Store the tea and ginger simple syrup in the refrigerator until ready to serve. To serve, fill glasses with ice and pour in the tea. Sweeten, to taste, with the ginger simple syrup. Garnish with a slice  <END>
INPUT: Italian, asparagus spears, prosciutto, Parmesan, pine nuts, virgin olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Asparagus with Prosciutto, Pine Nuts and Shaved Parmesan | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 24 medium-thick asparagus spears (about 2 pounds), trimmed and peeled; 5 slices prosciutto, cut into 1/4-inch strips; 1/2 cup shaved Parmesan; 1/4 cup pine nuts; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Place the asparagus, prosciutto, Parmesan and pine nuts in a large baking dish or on a baking sheet. Drizzle with the olive oil and season with salt and pepper (light on the salt, as prosciutto and Parm are salty). Toss together all the ingredients to evenly incorporate. Bake until the prosciutto and cheese are crisp, about 12 minutes. <END>
INPUT: Italian, chile, pesto, rigatoni other short, Kosher salt, hard boiled egg, unsalted butter, lemon zest
OUTPUT: TITLE: Rigatoni With Lemon-Chile Pesto and Grated Egg | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 12 ounces rigatoni or other short pasta; Kosher salt; 4 hard-boiled large egg yolks; 8 tablespoons unsalted butter, divided; 1 teaspoon finely grated lemon zest; 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 1 teaspoon finely grated Meyer lemon zest; 2 tablespoons fresh Meyer lemon juice; 1/2 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes; Freshly ground black pepper; 1/2 ounce Pecorino, finely grated (about 1/2 cup) | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook pasta in a large pot of boiling salted water, stirring occasionally, until very al dente (pasta will still be opaque and very firm in the center). Drain pasta, reserving 1 1/2 cups pasta cooking liquid. Meanwhile, finely grate egg yolks on the small holes of a box grater and set aside. Heat 6 tablespoons butter in a large skillet over medium-high. Add both kinds of lemon zest and juice and red pepper flakes, swirling pan to incorporate. Add pasta and 1 cup pasta cooking liquid and cook, tossing often and adding more cooking liquid to help finish cooking pasta, until pasta is al dente and  <END>
INPUT: patties, peppermint extract, food coloring, powdered sugar, chocolate flavored candy
OUTPUT: TITLE: Peppermint Patties | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 (14 oz.) can Eagle Brand® Sweetened Condensed Milk; 1 tablespoon peppermint extract; Green or red food coloring (optional); 6 cups powdered sugar; 1 1/2 pounds chocolate-flavored candy coating*, melted | INSTRUCTIONS: LINE baking sheets with wax paper. COMBINE sweetened condensed milk, peppermint extract and food coloring, if desired, in large bowl. Add 6 cups powdered sugar; beat on low speed until smooth and well blended. Turn mixture onto surface sprinkled with powdered sugar. KNEAD lightly to form smooth ball. Shape into 1-inch balls. Place 2 inches apart on prepared baking sheets. Flatten each ball into a 1 1/2-inch patty. LET dry 1 hour or longer; turn over and let dry at least 1 hour. With fork, dip each patty into warm candy coating (draw fork lightly across rim of pan to remove excess coating). Inv <END>
INPUT: honey, unsalted butter, mango
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mango Butter | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup honey; 1 cup unsalted butter, at room temperature; 1/2 cup finely chopped ripe mango | INSTRUCTIONS: In a small mixing bowl with a wooden spoon, beat together the honey, butter, and mango until evenly mixed. Transfer to a ramekin, smooth off the top, and serve with warm breakfast breads. If desired, spread the butter on a long sheet of plastic wrap and roll up into a cylinder. Chill or freeze and cut off 1/2 inch disks of the flavored butter as needed. <END>
INPUT: mini, cakes, coconut water, sugar, light corn syrup, cream tartar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mini Angel Food Cakes with Marshmallow Frosting | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 (16-ounce) box angel food cake mix; 2/3 cup coconut water; 1 cup sugar; 1 tablespoon light corn syrup; 1/4 teaspoon cream of tartar; 2 egg whites; 1/4 cup marshmallow cream; 1/2 cup coconut flakes, for decorating | INSTRUCTIONS: For the cake: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Beat together the cake mix with coconut water. Fill 2 (6-count) mini angel food can pans halfway with batter. Bake until puffed, golden brown, and toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean, 12 to 15 minutes. Invert the pans onto wire cooling racks and cool completely before removing from the pans. For the frosting: Bring 2 cups water to a simmer in a medium saucepot. In a large glass bowl that will fit over the saucepot, combine 1/4 cup water, sugar, corn syrup, cream of tartar, and egg whites. Place on top of the saucepot and beat for 7  <END>
INPUT: syrup, honey, balsamic vinegar, pepper, strawberries, banana
OUTPUT: TITLE: Strawberries in Balsamic Pepper Syrup | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 5 tablespoons honey; 3 tablespoons balsamic vinegar; 1/4 teaspoon coarsely ground black pepper; 1 pint strawberries, hulled and halved; 1 banana, sliced | INSTRUCTIONS: In a mixing bowl, whisk the honey and vinegar until well-blended. Stir in the pepper. Add the strawberries and stir gently to coat with the syrup. Let stand for 5 to 10 minutes at room temperature. Stir in the banana. Serve the fruit and syrup in shallow dessert bowls or stemmed goblets. <END>
INPUT: French, quiche, crust, Carlini Pure Olive, onion, Stonemill Sea Salt, packages Bake House, Specially Selected Hickory
OUTPUT: TITLE: Caramelized Onion & White Cheddar Quiche with a Bacon Crescent Crust | CUISINE: French | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon Carlini Pure Olive Oil; 1 ½ cups sliced yellow onion; 2 teaspoons ground Stonemill Sea Salt Grinder, divided; 2 8-ounce packages Bake House Creations Crescent Rolls; 5 slices Specially Selected Thick Sliced Hickory Smoked Bacon, cooked crispy and finely chopped; ½ teaspoon finely chopped fresh rosemary; ½ teaspoon finely chopped fresh thyme; 10 Goldhen Large Eggs; ½ cup Countryside Creamery Heavy Whipping Cream; ¾ cup Friendly Farms 2% Milk; 8 ounces Specially Selected Aged Reserve White Cheddar, shredded; 2 tablespoons chopped green onions; ½ teaspoon ground Stonemill Essentials Peppercorn Grinder | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350°. In a medium sauté pan, heat oil over medium heat. Add onions and 1 teaspoon of salt. Cook for 10-15 minutes until soft and medium brown, stirring occasionally. Remove from pan and allow to come to room temperature. Unroll the crescent dough and press into a 9-inch pie pan to form an even layer, covering the entire pan. Sprinkle evenly with the bacon, rosemary and thyme and press into dough. In a large bowl, whisk together eggs, cream and milk until thoroughly combined. Stir in cheddar, green onions, remaining 1 teaspoon of salt and pepper. Pour into prepared crust and bak <END>
INPUT: tomato sauce, cioppino sauce, clam broth, mussels, shrimp
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cioppino | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 ounces tomato sauce; 6 ounces cioppino sauce, recipe follows; 6 ounces clam broth; 4 mussels; 9 shrimp; 5 ounces calamari; 2 ounces crabmeat or 3 crab legs; 4 small clams or 3 large clams | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine all ingredients in saute pan, except calamari and crabmeat. Cover and cook 3 minutes or until all shellfish have opened. Add calamari and heat 1 minute. Place cioppino in bowl and place crabmeat on top. Top with garlic toast.; 7 onions 2 stalks celery 7 bulbs fennel 1/2 cup olive oil 3 (46-ounce) cans clam juice 1/2 pound clam base 1 teaspoon salt 1 teaspoon black pepper 1 cup fennel seeds 2 tablespoons chili flakes 4 gallons pomodoro sauce In food processor, chop onions, celery, and fennel. Heat oil and add vegetables. Cook for 5 minutes. Add clam juice, clam base, salt, pepper, fenne <END>
INPUT: salad, garlic, Balsamic Vinegar, arugula, Parmesan cheese taste, virgin olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Arugula Salad with Marinated Garlic Cloves | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup peeled garlic cloves; Balsamic Vinegar (if the vinegar is to pungent, you may wish to add a 1/4 teaspoon or so of demerara sugar); 2 bunches arugula; Freshly grated Parmesan cheese to taste; 1/4 cup extra virgin olive oil; Salt and freshly ground black pepper to taste | INSTRUCTIONS: FOR THE GARLIC CLOVES: Remove the ends and any blemished spots from the garlic cloves and place them in a small non-reactive saucepan with balsamic vinegar to cover. Bring the vinegar to a boil. Then lower the heat and simmer, stirring occasionally until the vinegar becomes syrupy and the garlic cloves soften. Remove from heat, cool and pour into a glass canning jar or heat resistant container. Use as desired in the salad below or in any salad. FOR THE SALAD: Wash the greens and remove any tough stems and discolored spots. Place them in a salad bowl with 3 tablespoons of the garlic cloves. Spr <END>
INPUT: American, sugar, butter, flour, eggs, vanilla
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fresh Coconut Pie | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup sugar; 1/2 stick melted butter; 2 tablespoons flour; 3 eggs, beaten; 1 teaspoon vanilla; 1 cup buttermilk; 1 cup coconut, grated; 1 9-inch pie crust, fluted and unbaked | INSTRUCTIONS: Mix all the ingredients together. Pour into pie crust and bake in a preheated 300 degree oven for one hour. Cool before serving <END>
INPUT: American, salad, brussels sprouts, Sherry wine vinegar, mayonnaise, olive oil, skinned apples
OUTPUT: TITLE: Brussels Sprout and Apple Salad with Blue Cheese and Walnuts | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 3 3/4 pounds small brussels sprouts, quartered through stem ends; 1/4 cup Sherry wine vinegar; 3 tablespoons mayonnaise; 1 cup olive oil; 9 large red-skinned apples, quartered, cored, cut into 1/2-inch pieces; 1 1/2 cups chopped celery leaves; 3 3/4 cups crumbled blue cheese; 3 cups walnuts toasted, coarsely chopped; Radicchio leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: Steam brussels sprouts in batches until just tender, about 12 minutes. Transfer to colander; cool. Transfer to large bowl. Mix vinegar and mayonnaise in small bowl. Gradually mix in oil. Season with salt and pepper. (Brussels sprouts and dressing can be made 1 day ahead. Cover; chill.) Add apples and celery leaves to brussels sprouts. Add dressing; toss to combine. Mix in cheese and walnuts. Season with salt and pepper. Line large bowls with radicchio leaves. Add salad; serve. Steam brussels sprouts in batches until just tender, about 12 minutes. Transfer to colander; cool. Transfer to large b <END>
INPUT: Italian, parmesan, pancakes, onion, russet Idaho potatoes, eggs, all purpose flour, Parmigiano Reggiano cheese
OUTPUT: TITLE: Potato-Parmesan Pancakes with Creamed Spinach Dip | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 medium onion, peeled; 3 large russet or Idaho potatoes (about 3 pounds), peeled; 2 large eggs; 2 tablespoons all-purpose flour; 1 cup coarsely grated Parmigiano-Reggiano cheese (about 3 ounces); 3 cloves garlic, minced, then mashed to paste with 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 6 tablespoons vegetable oil; 6 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1/4 cup minced flat-leaf parsley, for garnish; Creamed Spinach Dip | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 200°F. Place 2 nonstick baking sheets in oven. Using box grater or food processor fitted with grating disc, coarsely grate onion and place in colander set in sink. Coarsely grate potatoes, add to colander, and set aside to drain. In large mixing bowl, lightly beat eggs. Whisk in flour, then stir in cheese and garlic. Press potatoes and onion to extract as much liquid as possible, then add to egg/flour mixture. Season with salt and freshly ground black pepper. Using wooden spoon or hands, mix well, but do not overwork. In heavy-bottomed, 12-inch skillet over moderately high heat <END>
INPUT: crumble, peaches, all purpose flour, rolled oats, vegetable oil, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Peach Crumble | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups thawed frozen peaches; 1/3 cup all-purpose flour; 1/3 cup rolled oats; 2 tablespoons vegetable oil; 2 tablespoons brown sugar; 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1/2 cup chopped walnuts or pecans | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. Arrange peaches in the bottom of a shallow baking dish; set aside. In a small bowl, combine flour, oats, oil, brown sugar, and cinnamon. Stir with a fork until mixture is crumbly, adding more oil if necessary. Fold in nuts. Sprinkle topping over peaches and bake 15 minutes, until golden brown. <END>
INPUT: French, sauce, orange juice, Dijon mustard, rosemary leaves, butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Orange-Dijon Pan Sauce with Rosemary | CUISINE: French | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup orange juice; 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard; 1/2 teaspoon minced fresh rosemary leaves; 1 tablespoon butter | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine the juice with the mustard and rosemary. Follow the instructions for making a pan sauce in individual saute or sear recipe. <END>
INPUT: Asian, japanese, sauce, udon noodles, littleneck clams, sake, regular sake, light olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Udon Noodles with Japanese Clam Sauce | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1 package udon noodles; 1 pound littleneck clams; 1/4 cup cooking sake; 3/4 cup regular sake; 3 tablespoons light olive oil; 2 tablespoons butter; 1/2 small yellow onion, chopped; 2 tablespoons grated ginger; 3 cloves garlic, chopped; 1/2 teaspoon hot pepper flakes; 1/4 cup cooking sake; 2 small seeded and chopped tomatoes; 3 tablespoons finely chopped flat-leaf parsley; Salt to taste; 1/2 cup whipping cream | INSTRUCTIONS: Prepare udon noodles according to package directions, drain. In a steamer pot, add clams, cooking sake, and regular sake. Steam until the clams open up. Strain, reserving clams and liquid separately. Set aside. In a saucepan, heat olive oil and butter. Add onion, ginger, garlic, and hot pepper flakes. Saute for 2 minutes. Add the cooking sake and simmer for 5 minutes. Add tomatoes, parsley and salt to taste. Simmer an additional 5 minutes. Add whipping cream and simmer 3 minutes. Add reserved clam juice and simmer an additional 3 minutes. Toss the sauce over the noodles and garnish with the st <END>
INPUT: Asian, miso, salt, sugar, chives
OUTPUT: TITLE: Miso Glazed Pink Cod | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 4 tablespoons miso (soy bean paste); 1/2 teaspoon salt; 4 tablespoons brown sugar; 4 (6-ounce) pink cod fillets, skin removed; 1 tablespoon minced fresh chives | INSTRUCTIONS: Over medium-high heat, boil miso and salt in 2 cups water until miso is diluted in the water, about 5 minutes. Add brown sugar and let reduce to about 1/4 cup syrup. Remove from heat and let cool. Lay cod fillets in a nonreactive shallow container such as a glass baking dish. Spoon about 1 tablespoon of the reduction over each fillet, cover and let sit in the refrigerator for about 2 hours. Preheat oven to 375 degrees F. Bake the cod until it flakes, about 5 to 7 minutes. Remove from oven and let rest. Garnish with chives. Note: In the episode this dish was used as part of the bento box of 5 c <END>
INPUT: wine, sauce, unsalted butter, thyme leaves, Kosher salt pepper, prime, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Prime Rib with Red Wine-Thyme Butter Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 sticks unsalted butter, at room temperature; 1/4 cup fresh thyme leaves; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; One 12- to 14-pound prime rib, trimmed of some excess fat; 11 large cloves garlic, 8 whole and 3 chopped; Canola oil, for brushing; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 3 shallots, chopped; 1 bottle Cabernet Sauvignon; Few splashes Cabernet Sauvignon vinegar; 4 cups homemade roasted chicken stock, warmed; 12 whole black peppercorns; Chopped fresh parsley, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. For the butter: Combine the butter and thyme in a food processor and process until smooth, then season with salt and pepper. Scrape the butter into a ramekin, cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate until cold and the flavors meld, at least 2 hours and up to 48 hours. For the prime rib: Remove the prime rib from the refrigerator 2 hours before roasting. Pat the surface dry with paper towels. Make 8 small slits over the surface of the fat cap and fill each slit with a whole garlic clove. Place the roast on a large cutting board, then brush with oil and season heav <END>
INPUT: pate, sun tomatoes oil, oranges, Salt, pepper, Belgian endives
OUTPUT: TITLE: Endive with Sun-Dried Tomato and Orange Pate | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 ounces sun-dried tomatoes in oil; 3 medium oranges, 1 zested and pulp chopped, 2 with pith removed and segmented; Salt, to taste; Freshly ground black pepper, to taste; 4 medium Belgian endives, washed, dried, and leaves separated | INSTRUCTIONS: Drain oil from sun-dried tomatoes and reserve. Place drained tomatoes in food processor. Add zest and chopped orange pulp to tomatoes and process until thick and smooth, adding a little reserved tomato oil, if necessary. Season with salt and pepper. Place endive leaves on platter or in flat wicker basket. Place 1/2 tablespoon tomato-orange pate near bottom of each leaf. Cut orange segments in half lengthwise and place on top of pate.; <END>
INPUT: mixed olives, lemon zest, rosemary leaves, couple thyme, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Rosemary Marinated Olives | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound mixed olives; 2 strips lemon zest; 1 tablespoon fresh rosemary leaves; A couple of sprigs fresh thyme; 1 medium garlic clove; 1/2 cup extra-virgin olive oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine the olives, lemon zest, rosemary, and thyme in an attractive jar that has a cover. Bury the garlic clove in the center, add the oil, stir, cover, and refrigerate until you need it, up to several weeks. Give the mixture another stir now and then to blend. And try other flavors: herbs such as tarragon, other citrus peels, chilis, seasoned oils—whatever you like. Combine the olives, lemon zest, rosemary, and thyme in an attractive jar that has a cover. Bury the garlic clove in the center, add the oil, stir, cover, and refrigerate until you need it, up to several weeks. Give the mixture an <END>
INPUT: olive oil, onions, garlic, salt, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Orecchiette with Lentils, Onions, and Spinach | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/3 cup olive oil; 3 large onions (2 pounds total), thinly sliced (7 cups); 2 garlic cloves, chopped; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 1/8 teaspoon black pepper; 1 Turkish or 1/2 California bay leaf; 1 cup French green lentils; 1 pound orecchiette, fusilli, or penne; 2 (5-ounce) bags baby spinach; 1 1/2 ounces finely grated Parmigiano-Reggiano (3/4 cup plus 2 tablespoons) | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat oil in a 12-inch heavy skillet over moderate heat until hot but not smoking, then stir in onions, garlic, salt, pepper, and bay leaf. Reduce heat to moderately low and cook, covered, stirring occasionally, until onions are very tender and golden, 20 to 25 minutes. Discard bay leaf. While onions cook, cover lentils with water by 1 inch in a 1 1/2- to 2-quart saucepan and boil over moderate heat, covered, until lentils are just tender and most of water is absorbed, 15 to 20 minutes. Season with salt and pepper and let stand, covered, until ready to use. Cook pasta in a 6- to 8-quart pot of  <END>
INPUT: Mexican, salsa, corn, olive oil, tomato, garlic, jalapeño chile
OUTPUT: TITLE: Toasted Corn and Cumin Salsa | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups corn (from 3 to 4 ears); 1 tablespoon olive oil; 1/2 lb yellow tomato (1 large), chopped; 1 garlic clove, chopped; 1 to 2 teaspoons chopped fresh jalapeño chile, including seeds; 2 teaspoons fresh lemon juice; 1 teaspoon cumin seeds, toasted; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 6 scallions, finely chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook corn in oil in a 12-inch heavy skillet over moderate heat, stirring frequently, until golden brown, about 10 minutes. Transfer to a bowl and cool 5 minutes. Purée tomato, garlic, and jalapeño with lemon juice, cumin, and salt in a blender until smooth, then stir into corn along with scallions. Cook corn in oil in a 12-inch heavy skillet over moderate heat, stirring frequently, until golden brown, about 10 minutes. Transfer to a bowl and cool 5 minutes. Purée tomato, garlic, and jalapeño with lemon juice, cumin, and salt in a blender until smooth, then stir into corn along with scallions. <END>
INPUT: crisps, Peels from, Unsalted butter, Salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Potato Peel Crisps | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Peels from baked, raw, or boiled potatoes; Unsalted butter; Salt and pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Reserve the peels from baked, raw, or boiled potatoes and cut them into 3 by 1 inch strips. Arrange the strips in one layer in a buttered baking dish, dot them with unsalted butter, using 1 tablespoon for each cup of peels, and sprinkle them with salt and pepper. Bake the peels in a preheated very hot oven (450 degrees) for 5 to 25 minutes, according to the type of peel, or until they are very crisp. (Baked peels cook in 5 to 7 minutes, raw peels cook in 15 to 20 minutes, and boiled peels cook in 20 to 25 minutes.) Transfer the peels to a basket, sprinkle with salt and pepper if desired, and s <END>
INPUT: fool, raspberries, granulated sugar, raspberry liqueur, powdered sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Raspberry Fool | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 pints raspberries (hold 6 raspberries back for topping); 1/4 cup granulated sugar; 3 tablespoons raspberry liqueur; 2 cups (1 pint) heavy cream; 1/4 cup powdered sugar; 6 ladyfingers; 6 sprigs fresh mint, to decorate | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Add the raspberries to a bowl, sprinkle over the granulated sugar and raspberry liqueur and let steep 10 minutes. Meanwhile, add the cream and powdered sugar to the bowl of a mixer and whip to soft peaks. Mash the raspberries with a fork, and then fold them into the cream. Spoon the fool into individual glasses. Crush some ladyfingers on top. Top each with a sprig of mint and a whole raspberry! <END>
INPUT: American, chicken, flour, salt, pepper, cayenne, eggs
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken-Fried Steak with Cracked-Pepper Gravy | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cups flour; 1 1/2 teaspoons salt; 2 teaspoons freshly ground pepper; 1 teaspoon cayenne; 2 eggs; 1/2 cup cream; 1/2 cup bock beer; 2 cups vegetable oil; 4 tenderized round steaks (about 1/2 pound each); 2 cups Cracked Pepper Gravy, recipe follows; 1/4 cup unsalted butter; 2 tablespoons flour; 1 1/3 cup milk; Salt, to taste; 1 teaspoon cracked pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Prepare the flour spice by blending the flour, salt, pepper, and cayenne. Set aside on a plate or waxed paper. Prepare the batter by mixing the eggs with a whisk, in a large bowl. Add the cream and beer. Whisk to blend. Set aside. In a deep, heavy skillet, heat the oil to 350 degrees. While the oil is heating, prepare the round steaks by dredging them in the flour spice, taking care to evenly coat the meat. Shake off any excess. Dip the meat into the batter, and then again in the flour spice, evenly coating the batter so it is dry on the outside. When the oil temperature reaches 350 degrees (w <END>
INPUT: American, salad, eggs, macaroni, good quality bacon, onion its juice, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Bacon and Egg Macaroni Salad | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 6 large eggs; 1 pound macaroni; 1 pound good quality bacon; About 1/4 cup grated onion and its juice; 1 clove garlic, grated or pasted; 1 rounded tablespoon Dijon mustard; About 3 tablespoons white balsamic vinegar or white wine vinegar; 1/2 cup extra-virgin olive oil; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1/2 teaspoon hot sauce; 1 (4-ounce) jar chopped pimientos, drained; 1/2 cup chopped flat-leaf parsley | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Place the eggs in a small pot and cover with water. Bring to a boil over high heat, cover the pot, turn off the heat, and let the eggs stand for 10 minutes. Submerge the eggs in cold water to shock them. Crack the eggs and soak in the cold water. When cool, peel and chop. Meanwhile, bring a large pot of water to a boil to cook the macaroni. Arrange all but 6 slices of bacon on a slotted baking sheet and put into the hot oven. Bake for 15 minutes, or until bacon is crisp. When cool enough to handle, chop and reserve. Chop the remaining bacon and add to the boi <END>
INPUT: Mexican, skewers, salsa, virgin olive oil, lemon juice, lemon zest, garlic, hot pepper flakes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Marinated Shrimp on Rosemary Skewers with a Cherry Tomato, Black Olive and Garlic Salsa | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil; 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 1 teaspoon grated lemon zest; 2 cloves garlic, finely minced; 1/2 teaspoon hot pepper flakes; 12 large shrimp, peeled and deveined; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 4 twigs of rosemary with thick woody stems, about 6 to 8-inches in length; 8 slices of lemon, 1/4-inch thick; 1 pint red and/or yellow cherry tomatoes, stemmed and halved or quartered; 1 clove garlic, finely minced; 1/2 cup black olives, pitted and coarsely chopped; 2 tablespoons finely chopped parsley; 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 2 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil | INSTRUCTIONS: In a small bowl whisk together the olive oil, lemon juice, lemon zest, garlic, and hot pepper flakes. In a shallow dish pour the marinade over the shrimp. Cover, refrigerate and let marinate for 15 to 30 minutes. Preheat a charcoal grill or grill pan on the stovetop. Skewer 3 of the marinated shrimp, alternating in a decorative pattern with 2 of the lemon slices, on each of the rosemary twigs. Grill the shrimp for 2 to 3 minutes per side until just cooked through. In a bowl combine the cherry tomatoes, garlic, black olives, parsley, lemon juice, olive oil, salt and pepper. Serve the grilled sh <END>
INPUT: warm, salad, bacon, shallots, chicken stock low, Madeira, balsamic vinegar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Warm Artichoke and Chicken Liver Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 bacon slices, chopped; 1/2 cup finely chopped shallots; 1/4 cup chicken stock or canned low-salt chicken broth; 2 tablespoons Madeira; 2 tablespoons balsamic vinegar; 5 tablespoons olive oil; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh tarragon; 1 8-ounce package frozen artichoke hearts, thawed; 12 ounces chicken livers, cut into 2 pieces; 8 cups mixed baby greens | INSTRUCTIONS: Sauté chopped bacon and chopped shallots in large skillet over medium heat until shallots are golden, about 8 minutes. Add chicken stock and Madeira, then vinegar to skillet. Boil liquid until reduced to 2/3 cup, about 4 minutes. Remove from heat. Whisk in 2 tablespoons olive oil and tarragon. Heat 1 tablespoon olive oil in another large skillet over medium-high heat. Add artichoke hearts and sauté until golden, about 5 minutes. Transfer artichoke hearts to plate. Add remaining 2 tablespoons olive oil to skillet. Add chicken livers and sauté until brown outside and just pink inside, about 3 1/ <END>
INPUT: brined, turkey, water, kosher salt, sugar, carrots, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Brined Turkey | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 gallons water; 3/4 cup plus 2 Tablespoons kosher salt; 3/4 cup sugar; 3 carrots, peeled and diced; 1 large onion, peeled and diced; 1 bunch celery, diced; 2 leeks, cleaned and diced; 2 bay leaves; 1 tablespoon black peppercorns; 1 tablespoon coriander seeds; 1/4 teaspoon red pepper flakes; 1/4 teaspoon fennel seeds; 2 star anise; 1 bunch fresh thyme; 1 bunch fresh sage | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring 2 gallons of water to boil in a large stockpot. Stir in salt and sugar until completely dissolved. Remove from the heat and add the diced carrots, onion, celery, leeks, spices and fresh herbs. Place the stockpot in refrigerator until cold. Remove the giblets from the turkey. Add the turkey to the stockpot and place a plate on top to weigh the turkey down to insure full immersion. Refrigerate the whole turkey for 72 hours. Remove from brine and place the turkey in a large, disposable, aluminum-roasting pan. Allow the turkey to come to room temperature. Meanwhile, start the grill. When the <END>
INPUT: polenta, Anaheim chiles, bell peppers, Kosher salt, stone cornmeal, Pecorino Romano
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Polenta with Peppers and Pecorino | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 Anaheim chiles; 2 red bell peppers; Kosher salt; 1 1/2 cups stone-ground cornmeal; 1 cup grated Pecorino-Romano; 4 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil, plus more for brushing; Freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat a clean, seasoned grill to high heat. Grill the chiles and bell peppers until charred all over, 3 to 4 minutes per side, then immediately them to a large bowl and cover with plastic wrap to steam for 10 minutes. When cool enough to handle, peel and discard the blackened skins and remove the stems and seeds. Finely dice the peppers and set aside. Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Pour 4 1/2 cups water and 1 teaspoon salt in a heavy-bottomed pot set over medium-high heat and bring to a boil. In a slow, steady stream, add the cornmeal while whisking vigorously to incorporate and smooth o <END>
INPUT: piadine, salad, premade pizza dough, loosely torn romaine, Favorite Caesar dressing, Olive oil, Roasted Garlic Paste
OUTPUT: TITLE: Piadine with Caesar Salad and Roasted Garlic Paste | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound premade pizza dough; 12 cups loosely packed torn romaine lettuce (about 2 heads); Favorite Caesar dressing; Olive oil; 1/2 cup Roasted Garlic Paste, recipe follows; 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh thyme leaves; 6 tablespoons freshly grated Parmesan, plus extra for garnish; 1 pound whole garlic heads; 1/2 cup pure olive oil; Gray sea salt and freshly ground pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat a grill to high. Put the lettuce in a bowl. Pour the dressing over and toss well. Divide the dough into 4 equal balls. On a floured board, stretch and roll the dough into thin discs with a rolling pin. The dough may also be stretched by hand, but rolling will give you a thinner crust. Coat the rolled out dough with olive oil and place, oiled side down, on a very hot grill. This can be done indoors on a cast-iron stovetop grill pan that has been preheated over medium-medium high. When you start to see bubbles on the surface of the dough, turn it over. It should be slightly browned on th <END>
INPUT: Mexican, canola oil, turkey thigh dark, onion, garlic, chili powder
OUTPUT: TITLE: Quick and Spicy Turkey Chili | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons canola oil; 1 pound ground turkey thigh or dark meat; 1/2 large red onion, chopped (about 1 cup); 2 cloves garlic, minced; 2 teaspoons chili powder; 1 teaspoon paprika; 1 teaspoon ground cumin; Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper; 1 (14 1/2-ounce) can diced tomatoes, undrained or use tomato sauce for a thicker sauce; 1 (15-ounce) can red kidney beans, drained and rinsed, preferably organic; 1/4 cup ketchup, preferably organic; 3 tablespoons salsa; 1 tablespoon tomato paste; A few dashes of Sriracha hot sauce (about 1/2 teaspoon); Greek yogurt, for serving | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat the canola oil in a large skillet, preferably cast iron, on high heat. Add the ground turkey and saute until browned, about 3 minutes. Add the onion and garlic and continue cooking until the turkey is cooked through. Add the chili powder, paprika, cumin, salt, and pepper and stir until evenly coated. Reduce the heat to medium low and add the canned tomatoes with juices (or sauce) and kidney beans and stir. Add the ketchup, salsa, tomato paste, and Sriracha stirring until well combined. Let simmer for at least 20 minutes. The longer it cooks, the spicier it will be. Serve over brown rice t <END>
INPUT: gravy, chicken breast halves, buttermilk, thymeor, all purpose flour, cornmeal
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pan-Fried Chicken with Bacon and Thyme Gravy | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 skinless boneless chicken breast halves; 1/4 cup buttermilk; 3 teaspoons chopped fresh thymeor 1 teaspoon dried; 3 tablespoons plus 2 teaspoons all purpose flour; 3 tablespoons yellow cornmeal; 2 bacon slices, chopped; 2/3 cup canned low-salt chicken broth; 2 green onions, chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine chicken, buttermilk and 1 teaspoon thyme in glass pie dish; turn chicken to coat well. Mix 3 tablespoons flour and cornmeal in another pie dish or shallow bowl. Add chicken (with some buttermilk still clinging) to cornmeal mixture and turn to coat completely. Sprinkle generously with salt and pepper. Cook bacon in heavy medium skillet over medium-high heat until brown and crisp. Using slotted spoon, transfer bacon to paper towels. Add chicken to drippings in skillet. Pan-fry until cooked through and brown on both sides, about 5 minutes per side. Using metal spatula, transfer chicken to <END>
INPUT: Italian, Vegetable oil, eggs, All purpose flour, Italian style breadcrumbs, Kosher salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Toasted Ravioli | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: Vegetable oil, for frying; 3 eggs, whisked; All-purpose flour, for breading; 2 cups Italian-style breadcrumbs; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 package frozen ravioli (about 9 ounces); Grated Romano cheese, for coating ravioli; Chopped fresh parsley, for coating ravioli; Favorite marinara sauce, for serving | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Heat 4 inches of oil in a Dutch oven over medium-high heat until a deep-fry thermometer registers 350 degrees F. Set up a breading station with the eggs, flour and breadcrumbs in separate shallow bowls. Season the breadcrumbs with salt and pepper. Working one at a time, dip the frozen ravioli into the egg mixture, then into the flour, back into the egg mixture and finally into the breadcrumbs. Set on a plate and repeat with the remaining ravioli. Working in batches, fry the ravioli until golden brown, flipping if necessary and making sure they are not overcrowded <END>
INPUT: crusted, pecans, flour, filet mignon, Vegetable oil, Dijon mustard
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pecan Crusted Filet Mignon | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup pecans, toasted; 1/2 cup flour; 1 whole filet mignon, trimmed; Vegetable oil; 1/2 cup Dijon mustard; Salt and pepper, to taste; Port wine sauce, recipe follows; 1/4 cup chopped shallots; 3 ounces butter; 1 tablespoon peppercorns; 6 ounces Port wine; 1/8 cup balsamic vinegar; 1/4 bunch fresh thyme, leaves; 1 1/2 quarts demi-glace | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven 375 degrees F. Puree pecans in food processor until mealy in texture. Add the flour and pulse until incorporated with the pecans. Season the filet mignon with the salt and pepper. Sear the filet in hot vegetable oil until it has a rich brown color, turning to brown all sides. Remove from the pan and let it cool for a few minutes. Brush the filet with a light coat of Dijon mustard, using a pastry brush. Pack the pecan and flour mixture on the filet and saute in fresh oil until golden brown on all sides. Place the filet on a rack and finish roasting for approximately 10 minutes. Ser <END>
INPUT: sauce, pork loin chops, rosemary, all purpose flour, olive oil, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pork Chops with Rosemary-Vinegar Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 large boneless pork loin chops (about 5 ounces each); 1 teaspoon fresh rosemary, minced; 2 tablespoons all purpose flour; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 2 garlic cloves, sliced; 1 cup canned low-salt chicken broth; 1/4 cup dry white wine; 1/3 cup whipping cream; 4 teaspoons raspberry vinegar or red wine vinegar | INSTRUCTIONS: Sprinkle pork on both sides with 3/4 teaspoon rosemary, salt and pepper. Coat with flour; shake off excess. Heat oil in heavy large skillet over medium-high heat. Add garlic; sauté until beginning to color, about 2 minutes. Using slotted spoon, discard garlic. Add pork to skillet and sauté until brown and cooked through, about 7 minutes per side. Using tongs, transfer pork to plate. Tent with foil to keep warm. Add chicken broth, white wine, cream, vinegar and remaining 1/4 teaspoon rosemary to skillet. Boil until sauce thickens enough to coat back of spoon, stirring often, about 10 minutes. S <END>
INPUT: Mexican, raita, milk Greek yogurt, Zest juice lime, English cucumber, cilantro, mint
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cucumber Raita | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups whole-milk Greek yogurt; Zest and juice of 1 lime; 1 English cucumber, quartered lengthwise and chopped into 1/4-inch-thick pieces; 3 tablespoons chopped cilantro; 3 tablespoons chopped mint; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine the yogurt, herbs, cucumber, lime zest and juice. Season with salt and pepper. <END>
INPUT: francaise, chicken breast halves, vegetable oil, all purpose flour, salt, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken Francaise | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 large skinless boneless chicken breast halves (2 pounds total); 1/2 cup vegetable oil; 1 cup all-purpose flour; 3/4 teaspoon salt; 1/2 teaspoon black pepper; 3 large eggs; 1/2 stick (1/4 cup) unsalted butter; 1/2 cup dry white wine; 1/2 cup low-sodium chicken broth; 3 tablespoons fresh lemon juice plus 1 whole lemon, thinly sliced; 1 lemon; 1/4 cup chopped fresh flat-leaf parsley | INSTRUCTIONS: Place chicken breasts between 2 sheets of plastic wrap and gently pound chicken with flat side of a meat pounder or with a rolling pin until 1/4 inch thick. Heat oil in a 12-inch heavy skillet over moderate heat until hot but not smoking. While oil is heating, stir together flour, 1/2 teaspoon salt, and 1/4 teaspoon pepper in a shallow bowl. Dredge 2 pieces of chicken, 1 piece at a time, in flour mixture, shaking off excess. Lightly beat eggs in another shallow bowl. When oil is hot, dip floured chicken into beaten eggs to coat, letting excess drip off, then fry, turning over once, until golde <END>
INPUT: Asian, orange juice, lemon, bay leaves, lemongrass, star anise
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Quail Salad | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup orange juice; 1 lemon, juiced and cut into quarters; 2 bay leaves; 1 stalk lemongrass, crushed to release its oils; 2 to 3 star anise; 2 tablespoons molasses; 2 tablespoons soy sauce; 2 whole chili pepper pods, or 1/2 teaspoon crushed chili peppers; 2 cloves garlic, peeled and crushed; 1 tablespoon grated ginger; 8 whole quail, breast bone removed, preferred; 2 cups mesclun salad mix, or your own mix of tender salad greens; 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard; 3 tablespoons rice wine vinegar; 2 tablespoons honey | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine the orange and lemon juice, bay leaves, crushed lemongrass, star anise, molasses, soy, chili, garlic and ginger and marinate the quail for several hours, or overnight, covered, in the refrigerator. To make the dressing for the salad, combine the mustard, vinegar and honey and whisk in the olive oil to create an emulsion. Remove the quail from the marinade and grill over an outdoor barbecue for 4 to 5 minutes on each side, or cook over medium heat in a cast iron skillet for 10 to 12 minutes, turning frequently to avoid burning. Remove from the heat and let the quail rest for several min <END>
INPUT: frosted, angel, cake flour, kosher salt, egg whites, cream tartar, granulated sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Frosted Angel Food Cake | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup cake flour; 1/4 teaspoon kosher salt; 15 large egg whites, at room temperature; 1 teaspoon cream of tartar; 1 1/2 cups plus 2 tablespoons granulated sugar, sifted 3 times; 1 teaspoon vanilla; 4 cups powdered sugar; 2 sticks (1 cup) salted butter, softened; 1/4 cup heavy cream; Yellow food coloring | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Special equipment: an angel food or tube pan, preferably with cooling legs For the angel food cake: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Combine the cake flour and salt in a medium bowl and sift together 5 times. Set aside. In a large bowl, with an electric mixer fitted with the whisk attachment, beat the egg whites until frothy (lots of bubbles but still liquid and loose). Add the cream of tartar and beat on high until stiff, 4 to 5 minutes. With the mixer on medium low, slowly sprinkle in the sifted granulated sugar. Fold in the sifted flour mixture gently until  <END>
INPUT: Asian, potstickers, shrimp, garlic, scallions, soy sauce, egg
OUTPUT: TITLE: Easy Shrimp Potstickers | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound large shrimp, peeled and deveined; 3 cloves garlic, roughly chopped; 3 scallions, chopped; 2 tablespoons soy sauce; 1 egg; 40 round wonton or gyoza wrappers; 3 tablespoons peanut oil; 1/3 cup ponzu; 1 scallion, minced; 1 teaspoon chili sauce (recommended: Sriracha); 1/2 teaspoon minced ginger; 1/2 teaspoon sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Potstickers: In a food processor, add the shrimp, garlic, scallions, soy sauce and egg. Pulse until combined but still chunky. Remove the mixture to a bowl. To assemble the potstickers, put about 1 teaspoon of filling into the center of a wonton wrapper. Moisten the rim of the wrapper with water. Fold the dough until the ends meet and press the air out of the center towards the edges. Seal by pressing firmly. This is the simplest way. To make the classic pleated look: using your thumb and index finger, pinch the corner of the unsealed wonton closed. Using your ot <END>
INPUT: cherry, biscotti, butter, sugar, eggs, vanilla extract, flour
OUTPUT: TITLE: Dried Cherry and Almond Biscotti | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 stick butter, at room temperature; 1 cup sugar; 2 eggs, plus 1 egg white; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; 2 cups flour; 1 teaspoon baking powder; Pinch salt; 1 lemon, zested; 1/2 cup whole blanched almonds, toasted; 3/4 cup dried cherries; 2 tablespoons turbinado sugar; Chocolate Ganache, optional, recipe follows; 4 dozen mini pretzels, optional; Red and green sprinkles or smashed candy cane pieces, optional; 2 cups semi-sweet or dark chocolate chips or chopped block chocolate | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 300 degrees F. In a mixing bowl, combine the butter and sugar and beat together until light and fluffy, about 3 minutes. Scrape down the sides of the bowl periodically. Beat in the eggs 1 at a time. Add the vanilla. Gently mix in the flour, baking powder, salt, and lemon zest. Once the dry ingredients are incorporated, fold in the almonds and dried cherries. Divide the dough in half and roll the dough into 2 logs. If the dough is sticky, dust with a little flour. Roll the logs to the length of a sheet pan. Beat the egg white with a splash of water. Brush the logs with the e <END>
INPUT: Italian, parmigiana, garlic, onion, Salt pepper, linguine
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken Parmigiana | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 4 cloves garlic, minced; 1 whole medium onion, chopped; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 8 boneless, skinless chicken breasts, trimmed and pounded flat; 1 pound thin linguine; 1/2 cup olive oil; 2 tablespoons butter; 3/4 cups chicken stock; Three 14.5-ounce cans crushed tomatoes; 1 tablespoon sugar; 1/4 cup chopped fresh parsley, plus more for serving; 1 cup freshly grated Parmesan, plus more if needed; Basil chiffonade, for serving; 1/2 cup all-purpose flour | INSTRUCTIONS: Mix the flour and some salt and pepper together on a large plate. Dredge the flattened chicken breasts in the flour mixture. Set aside. Cook the linguine until al dente. Heat the olive oil and butter together in a large skillet over medium heat. When the butter is melted and the oil/butter mixture is hot, fry the chicken breasts until nice and golden brown on each side, 2 to 3 minutes per side. Remove the chicken breasts from the skillet and set aside. Without cleaning the skillet, add the garlic and onions and gently stir for 2 minutes. Pour in the stock and scrape the bottom of the pan, gett <END>
INPUT: infused, garlic, bulb fennel, olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Garlic and Fennel Infused Oil | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cloves garlic, peeled and smashed; 1 bulb fennel, tops and bruised outer leaves removed, cored and chopped; 1 cup olive oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine garlic, fennel and oil in a heavy saucepan. Bring mixture to a boil and then reduce to a simmer. Simmer until fennel and garlic are very tender, 45 minutes to an hour. Remove from heat and allow the mixture to come to room temperature. Strain oil, pressing on solids, into a clean bottle and refrigerate. Remove tender garlic and fennel from strainer. Mash mixture and season with salt and pepper. Use as spread for crostini or crackers <END>
INPUT: Italian, pasta, penne, chicken cutlets, Salt pepper, garlic, pepper flakes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Easy Lemon Pasta with Chicken | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound dried penne; 2 chicken cutlets, cut into fingers; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 3 cloves garlic, sliced; 1/4 teaspoon red pepper flakes; 3 tablespoons olive oil; 3 tablespoons roughly chopped fresh parsley, for garnish; 2 lemons, juiced; 1/2 cup grated Parmesan | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Cook the pasta in a large pot of boiling salted water, until al dente. Drain well. Season chicken with salt and pepper. Heat a large grill pan over medium high and add chicken. Grill until golden and completely cooked. Remove to a plate and slice. Add the garlic and red pepper flakes to a saute pan with 3 tablespoons of olive oil and saute until fragrant. Add the cooked pasta and turn heat off. Mix all together. Remove pasta to a large bowl. Add chicken to the warm pasta and season with salt and pepper. Sprinkle in chopped parsley. Add the juice of 2 lemons and m <END>
INPUT: strawberry, parfait, granulated sugar, all purpose flour, egg yolks, milk, vanilla bean
OUTPUT: TITLE: Strawberry and Almond Cream Parfait | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup granulated sugar; 2 tablespoons all-purpose flour; 4 egg yolks; 1 1/4 cups whole milk; 1 vanilla bean, split and scraped; 3 ounces marzipan; 1/3 cup granulated sugar; Nonstick spray; 1 3/4 cups slivered almonds, lightly toasted; Kosher salt; 12 ounces fresh strawberries, hulled washed and quartered; 1 tablespoon light brown sugar; 1/2 cup heavy cream, lightly whipped | INSTRUCTIONS: In a medium bowl, whisk together sugar, flour and egg yolks until thick and smooth, 3 to 5 minutes. In a medium pot, bring the milk and vanilla bean to a gentle boil. Pour about half of the milk mixture over the eggs whisking constantly. Pour the whole mix back into the pot and place the pot back over low heat, stirring with a wooden spoon, until the mixture thickens, 3 to 5 minutes. Note: you must stir this mixture constantly, scraping the bottom as you stir, so the flour doesn't stick to the bottom and burn. Remove the pot from the stove and whisk in the marzipan. Pour the mixture onto a bak <END>
INPUT: salad, Dijon style mustard, wine vinegar, virgin olive oil, torn soft leafed, radishes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Radish, Mushroom, and Endive Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 teaspoon Dijon-style mustard; 1 tablespoon red-wine vinegar; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 2 cups torn soft-leafed lettuce, rinsed and spun dry; 3 radishes, trimmed and sliced thin; 2 mushrooms, sliced thin; 1 large Belgian endive, trimmed and cut crosswise into 1/4-inch slices; 1 tablespoon minced fresh parsley leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large bowl whisk together the mustard, the vinegar, and salt to taste, add the oil, a little at a time, whisking, and whisk the dressing until it is emulsified. Add the lettuce, the radishes, the mushrooms, the endive, the parsley, and pepper to taste and toss the salad to coat it with the dressing. In a large bowl whisk together the mustard, the vinegar, and salt to taste, add the oil, a little at a time, whisking, and whisk the dressing until it is emulsified. Add the lettuce, the radishes, the mushrooms, the endive, the parsley, and pepper to taste and toss the salad to coat it with th <END>
INPUT: American, three, orecchiette, peas, unsalted butter, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Three-Cheese and Mushroom Orecchiette | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound dried orecchiette; 1 cup frozen peas (5 ounces); 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1 (8-ounce) package sliced mushrooms; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 1/4 teaspoon black pepper; 1/2 cup heavy cream; 1 cup finely shredded Monterey Jack; 1/2 cup finely grated parmesan; 1/2 cup crumbled blue cheese; 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh chives | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook pasta in boiling salted water in a 5- to 6-quart heavy pot according to package directions. Four minutes before pasta is done, add peas. Reserve 1/2 cup cooking water, then drain pasta with peas in a colander. While pasta cooks, heat butter in a 12-inch heavy skillet over moderately high heat until foam subsides, then sauté mushrooms with salt and pepper, stirring occasionally, until any liquid they give off is evaporated and mushrooms are golden, about 4 minutes. Add cream and reserved cooking water and bring to a simmer. Reduce heat to low and stir in cheeses until sauce is fairly smoot <END>
INPUT: french, flageolet beans, good olive oil, bacon, onion, fennel
OUTPUT: TITLE: French Flageolet Beans | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound dried flageolet beans; 2 tablespoons good olive oil; 4 ounces bacon, diced; 2 cups medium-diced yellow onion (2 onions); 2 cups medium-diced fennel, trimmed and cored; 2 carrots, scrubbed and medium-diced; 4 teaspoons minced garlic (4 cloves); 2 cups canned beef or vegetable broth; 2 bay leaves; 1 large sprig fresh rosemary; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. The night before cooking, place the beans in a large bowl and cover them with water by 1 inch. Cover the bowl with plastic wrap and refrigerate overnight. The next day, preheat the oven to 300 degrees. Drain the beans, rinse well, and drain again. In a large ovenproof pot such as Le Creuset, heat the olive oil over medium to medium-low heat, add the bacon, and cook for 4 to 5 minutes, until the bacon starts to brown. Add the onion, fennel, and carrots and cook for 7 minutes, stirring occasionally, until the vegetables begin to soften but aren't browned. Add the g <END>
INPUT: marionberry, compote, water, sugar, lemon juice, allspice, marionberries
OUTPUT: TITLE: Marionberry Compote with Angel Food Cake | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup water; 1/3 cup sugar; 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice; 3 whole allspice; 3 cups fresh or frozen marionberries; Angel food cake, store-bought; Whipped cream, as an accompaniment, recipe follows; 1 cup very cold heavy cream; 2 tablespoons sugar; 1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring water, sugar, lemon juice, and allspice to a boil in a small saucepan over moderate heat, stirring until sugar is dissolved. Boil until reduced to about 1/4 cup. Remove allspice and stir in berries. Cook, tossing gently until berries are warm and juices begin releasing, about 3 to 4 minutes. Serve over store-bought angel food cake and top with whipped cream. Beat cream in a chilled bowl until frothy. Slowly beat in sugar and vanilla and continue beating until soft, glossy peaks form, scraping bowl often. Refrigerate until ready to use, then beat lightly with a whisk before serving. Yield <END>
INPUT: provencal, gratin, cherry grape tomatoes, good olive oil, thyme, Kosher salt pepper, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Provencal Cherry Tomato Gratin | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 pints cherry or grape tomatoes, halved; 1 1/2 tablespoons plus 1/4 cup good olive oil; 1 teaspoon dried thyme; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 3 large garlic cloves, peeled; 1/3 cup chopped fresh flat-leaf parsley; 2 cups coarse bread cubes from a country bread | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Place the tomatoes in a 9 x 13-inch ceramic dish. Add the 1 1/2 tablespoons of olive oil, thyme, 1 teaspoon salt, and 1/2 teaspoon pepper and toss together. Spread the tomatoes evenly in the pan. Place the garlic, parsley, and 1/2 teaspoon salt in the bowl of a food processor fitted with the steel blade and process until the garlic is finely chopped. Add the bread cubes and process until the bread is in crumbs. Add the 1/4 cup of olive oil and pulse a few times to blend. Sprinkle the crumbs evenly over the tomatoes. Bake the gratin for 40 to 45 minutes, until <END>
INPUT: split, sundae, sugar, cinnamon, scoops best quality, Bittersweet Chocolate Sauce
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Banana Split Sundae with Bittersweet Chocolate Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 firm, but ripe, bananas, unpeeled; 1 tablespoon sugar; 1/2 teaspoon cinnamon; 8 small scoops best-quality vanilla ice cream; Bittersweet Chocolate Sauce, recipe follows; 1/2 cup coarsely chopped pecans or walnuts, toasted; Whipped cream, optional; Maraschino cherries or strawberries, optional; 8 ounces bittersweet (70 percent chocolate (chips or chopped block chocolate); 1/3 cup heavy whipping cream; 2 tablespoons sweet cream butter at room temperature; 2 tablespoons superfine sugar; 1/8 cup liqueur (either Kahula, Frangelico or Chambord); 1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Build charcoal fire or preheat gas grill. Slice bananas in 1/2 lengthwise and crosswise so each banana yields 4 pieces. Set aside. Mix the sugar and cinnamon, sprinkle on cut sides of bananas. Let bananas sit for 5 minutes. Place bananas cut-side down on a clean cooking grate over direct low heat. Cook for 2 minutes or until grill marks appear. Using a pair of long-handled tongs, turn over and let cook 5 more minutes or until the skin pulls away from the banana. Remove skins from banana halves and place 4 banana halves in the bottom of each serving bowl. Top each <END>
INPUT: tartlets, unsalted butter, good quality chocolate, heavy whipping cream, hazelnuts
OUTPUT: TITLE: White Chocolate Hazelnut Tartlets | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 8 (17 by 13-inch) frozen phyllo pastry sheets, thawed; 1/2 cup unsalted butter, melted; 6 ounces good-quality white chocolate, chopped; 1 1/2 cups heavy whipping cream; 1/2 cup hazelnuts, toasted, husked, and finely chopped; 1/4 cup chocolate hazelnut spread (recommended: Nutella), optional; 1 (3-ounce) bar bittersweet chocolate, grated, for garnish; Edible flowers, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Lay 1 phyllo sheet on a work surface. Brush the phyllo with melted butter. Top with another phyllo sheet. Repeat with more butter and 2 more phyllo sheets. Cut the stacked phyllo sheets into 6 (5-inch) squares. Line each muffin cup with 1 stacked phyllo square, allowing the edges to ruffle and extend above the cup rims. Repeat with the remaining 4 phyllo sheets and melted butter. Bake until the phyllo cups are golden brown, about 9 minutes. Transfer the muffin pan to a cooling rack and cool completely. Meanwhile, stir the white chocolate and 1/4 cup cream in  <END>
INPUT: russe, vodka, lemon juice, horseradish, hot pepper sauce, granulated sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Oysters a la Russe | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons vodka; 1/2 teaspoon lemon juice; 1/4 teaspoon prepared horseradish; Dash hot pepper sauce; Pinch granulated sugar; Pinch salt; 1 plum tomato, seeded and finely chopped; 1 tablespoon chives, finely chopped; 12 large oysters; Coarse cracked black peppercorns | INSTRUCTIONS: Stir together vodka, lemon juice, horseradish, hot pepper sauce, sugar and salt. Gently stir in tomato and chives. Clean oysters under running water; shuck and discard top shell, sever membrane on bottom of shell. Spoon vodka relish on oysters. Dust with pepper and serve on a bed of shaved ice. <END>
INPUT: Cook's® Spiral Half, firmly sugar, honey, orange juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Orange Honey-Glazed Ham | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 Cook's® Bone-in Spiral Sliced Half Ham; 1/2 cup firmly packed brown sugar; 1/4 cup honey; 1/4 cup orange juice | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. Remove and discard glaze packet from ham or reserve for another use. 2. Make Orange-Honey Glaze: Mix sugar, honey and orange juice in small bowl until well blended. 3. Prepare and bake ham according to package directions, uncovering and brushing occasionally with the Orange-Honey Glaze for the last 30 minutes of the baking time. 4. Carve ham just before serving. <END>
INPUT: Italian, carbonara, Kosher salt, bacon, eggs, Parmesan
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spaghetti Carbonara | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: Kosher salt; 1 (16-ounce) package spaghetti; 8 strips bacon; 4 large eggs, room temperature; 1/2 cup Parmesan, divided; Freshly ground black pepper; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh parsley | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add the spaghetti, cover the pot, and bring it back to a boil. Remove the cover, stir, and cook until al dente, about 8 minutes. Reserve 1 cup of pasta cooking water. Drain the pasta and set aside. (Reserve 1 cup pasta for the Round 2 Recipe Savory Noodle Pie.) While the pasta is cooking, place of the bacon into a large skillet over medium heat and cook until crispy, about 8 minutes. In a medium bowl, beat the eggs with half the Parmesan and season with salt and pepper. Set aside. Transfer the bacon to a sheet tray lined with a paper bag (reserve 2  <END>
INPUT: olive oil, blanched almonds, onions, Cornish game hens, water
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cornish Game Hens with Dried Fruit and Honey | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons olive oil; 1/2 cup blanched almonds; 2 medium onions, thinly sliced; 2 1 3/4-pound Cornish game hens, quartered; 2 cups water; 1/2 cup finely chopped fresh parsley; 2 tablespoons minced peeled fresh ginger; 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1/2 teaspoon ground nutmeg; 1/8 teaspoon ground cloves; 1/2 cup honey; 1 cup mixed dried fruit (such as pitted dates, pitted prunes, and apricots), halved if large; 1/3 cup raisins | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat 2 tablespoons oil in heavy medium skillet over medium heat. Add almonds; sauté until golden, about 8 minutes. Turn almonds out onto paper towels and drain. (Can be made 2 days ahead. Store airtight at room temperature.) Heat remaining 1 tablespoon oil in heavy large pot over medium-high heat. Add onions and sauté until beginning to brown, about 10 minutes. Add game hens, 2 cups water, chopped parsley, ginger, cinnamon, nutmeg, and cloves and bring to boil. Reduce heat to medium-low. Cover and simmer until game hens are cooked through, turning once, about 35 minutes. Using tongs, transfer  <END>
INPUT: Mexican, open, face, flour tortillas, mushrooms caps, Mexican Chihuahua cheese, crumbled goat cheese, olives
OUTPUT: TITLE: Open-Face Quesadillas with Mushrooms, Olives, Salsa and Greens | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 4 flour tortillas; 1/2 cup thinly sliced mushrooms caps (I'd choose shiitakes); 1/2 to 3/4 cup shredded Mexican Chihuahua cheese, brick, Monterey Jack-even Cheddar or mozzarella cheese; 1/3 cup roughly crumbled goat cheese; 1/4 cup sliced pitted olives (Kalamata or any oil cured variety is wonderful here); About 1/2 cup any salsa, plus a little more for serving if you wish; 2 cups frisee leaves, or mixed baby greens; About 1 tablespoon fresh lime juice or vinegar (you can use any one you'd choose for a good salad dressing); Pinch salt; 1/4 cup chopped fresh cilantro | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat the oven to 500 degrees. Lightly oil a baking sheet and on it spread out the tortillas in a single layer. Distribute a portion of the mushrooms over each one, then the cheeses and olives. Drizzle 2 tablespoons of salsa over each "quesadilla," then set the baking sheet in the oven. In 5 to 6 minutes, the tortillas should be crispy underneath and the cheese melted. Remove from the oven. While the quesadillas are baking, in a medium-size bowl, toss the frisee (or other greens) with the lime or vinegar, salt and cilantro. Transfer each quesadilla to a warm plate, then top with a portion of le <END>
INPUT: ridge, lager style beer, maple syrup, onion, garlic, rosemary
OUTPUT: TITLE: Maple Lager Chicken Ridge | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 12 -ounce bottle lager-style beer; 1/3 cup maple syrup; 1 large onion, sliced; 8 cloves garlic, smashed; 4 sprigs fresh rosemary; Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper; 4 skin-on, bone-in chicken breasts (about 6 ounces each); 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 1 tablespoon all-purpose flour; 1 tablespoon unsalted butter | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 400. Whisk together the beer and maple syrup in a 2-quart casserole dish. Add the onion, 4 cloves garlic and 2 sprigs rosemary to the beer mixture; season with salt and pepper. Arrange the chicken skin-side up on top and season with salt and pepper. Cover the dish with foil and set it on a baking sheet. Bake until the chicken is just cooked through, or until a thermometer inserted into the thickest part reaches 145, about 40 minutes. Meanwhile, combine the olive oil with the remaining 4 cloves garlic and 2 sprigs rosemary in a small saucepan; warm over low heat until the ga <END>
INPUT: Delicious apples, unsalted butter, lemon juice, sugar sprinkling apple
OUTPUT: TITLE: Glazed Apple Rings | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 Red Delicious apples; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened; 1/2 cup fresh lemon juice; about 3 tablespoons sugar for sprinkling the apple rings | INSTRUCTIONS: Core 2 of the apples and cut them crosswise with a hand-held slicing device into 1/8-inch-thick rings, discarding the ends. Butter a jelly-roll pan with 1 tablespoon of the butter and in it arrange the apple rings in one layer. Pour 1/4 cup of the lemon juice over the apple rings, turn the rings to coat them with the juice, and broil them under a preheated broiler about 4 inches from the heat for 6 minutes, or until the edges just begin to turn golden. Sprinkle about 1/4 teaspoon of sugar over each ring, broil the rings for 2 minutes more, or until they are glazed and golden, and transfer them <END>
INPUT: bacon, egg
OUTPUT: TITLE: Brown Bag Bacon and Egg | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Cooking spray, for spraying brown bag; 2 slices bacon; 1 egg | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: 1 brown lunch bag, a cooking tripod with a hook and a campfire with hot embers Spray the interior of the brown bag with cooking spray. Cut the bacon slices in half. Line the bottom of the bag with the bacon. Crack the egg into the bag and fold the top of the bag over to close. Using a cooking tripod and hook, immediately hang the bag approximately 12 inches over the hot embers of a fire (if you don't do it right away, the egg will seep through the bag). Cook until the bacon and egg are cooked through, 20 to 25 minutes. <END>
INPUT: American, pockets, eggs, veggie burgers, nonfat plain Greek, garlic, hot paprika
OUTPUT: TITLE: Veggie Burger Pockets | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 large eggs; 4 frozen veggie burgers; 1/2 cup nonfat plain Greek yogurt; 1 small clove garlic, finely grated; 1/4 teaspoon hot paprika; Kosher salt; 4 cups baby arugula; 1/2 cup jarred sliced roasted red peppers; 1 small Kirby cucumber, thinly sliced; 1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil; 1 teaspoon dried mint, crumbled; 1/4 cup crumbled feta cheese; 4 large whole-wheat pitas, warmed; Pickles, for serving (optional) | INSTRUCTIONS: Place the eggs in a small saucepan and cover with water by about 1 inch. Bring to a high simmer over medium-high heat and cook for 1 minute. Cover, remove from the heat and let sit 12 minutes. Drain the eggs and rinse under cold water, then peel and thinly slice. Meanwhile, cook the veggie burgers as the label directs. Whisk the yogurt, garlic, paprika, 2 tablespoons water, and salt to taste in a small bowl. In a large bowl, toss the arugula, roasted red peppers, cucumber, olive oil, mint, feta, and salt to taste. Cut 1 inch off the top of each pita to make an opening; stuff the pita strip ins <END>
INPUT: Asian, crudo, Fresno chiles jalapeños, orange zest, orange juice, lemon zest, lemon juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Snapper Crudo with Chiles and Sesame | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 2 Fresno chiles or jalapeños, seeded, chopped; 1 teaspoon finely grated orange zest; 2 tablespoons fresh orange juice; 1 teaspoon finely grated lemon zest; 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice; Kosher salt; 8 ounces sashimi-grade snapper or sea bream fillet, skin removed, halved lengthwise, bones and bloodline removed, very thinly sliced; Fresh cilantro leaves (for serving); Extra-virgin olive oil (for serving); 1 teaspoon toasted sesame seeds; Flaky sea salt (such as Maldon) | INSTRUCTIONS: Pulse chiles, orange zest, orange juice, lemon zest, and lemon juice in a food processor until very finely chopped; season chile paste with kosher salt. Arrange snapper on chilled plates. Top with chile paste and cilantro, drizzle with oil, and sprinkle with sesame seeds and sea salt. DO AHEAD: Chile paste can be made 4 hours ahead. Cover and chill. Pulse chiles, orange zest, orange juice, lemon zest, and lemon juice in a food processor until very finely chopped; season chile paste with kosher salt. Arrange snapper on chilled plates. Top with chile paste and cilantro, drizzle with oil, and spr <END>
INPUT: Italian, rolls, walnuts, globe eggplant, Kosher salt, walnut halves, skim ricotta, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Eggplant Rolls with Ricotta, Walnuts and Mint | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 large globe eggplant, sliced lengthwise about 1/4-inch thick; Kosher salt; 2 tablespoons raw walnut halves and pieces; 1 cup part-skim ricotta; 1 clove garlic, minced; 2 teaspoons minced fresh mint leaves, plus more whole leaves for garnish; 1 date or 1 prune, finely chopped; 1 lemon, juiced; Extra-virgin olive oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Place a cooling rack over a baking sheet. Lay the eggplant slices on the rack, generously salting each slice (about 1/4 teaspoon per slice). Place another baking sheet on top of the eggplant and weigh it down with a few cans. Let them sit 30 minutes. Flip the eggplant slices, sprinkle with more salt, weigh down again and let them sit for another 30 minutes. (This draws out the bitter juices.) Meanwhile, toast the walnuts. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Spread the walnuts on a small baking sheet and pop into the oven until the walnuts give off their nutty arom <END>
INPUT: Mexican, tacos, salsa, garlic, onion, sweet potatoes, celery root, vegetable oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Root Vegetable Tacos with Pineapple Salsa | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 5 cloves garlic (unpeeled); 1 large red onion, cut into thin wedges; 2 medium sweet potatoes, cut into 1-inch chunks; 1 medium celery root, trimmed, peeled and cut into 1-inch chunks; 1/4 cup vegetable oil; Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper; 1/4 pineapple, cored; 1 serrano chile pepper; 1/3 cup fresh cilantro, chopped; 2 tablespoons fresh lime juice; 3/4 cup vegetarian refried beans; 12 6-inch corn tortillas | INSTRUCTIONS: Position racks in the upper and lower thirds of the oven; preheat to 450 degrees F. Spread the garlic and all but 2 red onion wedges on a rimmed baking sheet (reserve the remaining onion wedges for the salsa). Spread the sweet potatoes and celery root on a separate rimmed baking sheet. Drizzle each pan with 2 tablespoons vegetable oil and season each with 1/4 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of pepper. Roast, flipping the vegetables and switching the pans halfway through, until the vegetables are caramelized, 25 to 30 minutes. Let cool slightly. Meanwhile, finely chop the reserved red onion wedg <END>
INPUT: dressing, savoy Napa cabbage, olive oil, Kosher salt, jalapeños, buttermilk
OUTPUT: TITLE: Savoy Cabbage Wedges With Buttermilk Dressing | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 small head of savoy or Napa cabbage, cut through root end into 6 wedges; 2 tablespoons olive oil; Kosher salt; 2 jalapeños; 1/2 cup buttermilk; 1/3 cup plain whole-fat Greek yogurt; 1/4 cup mayonnaise; 1 teaspoon finely grated lemon zest; 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 1 tablespoon thinly sliced chives, plus more for serving; Freshly ground black pepper; 1/3 cup crumbled blue cheese | INSTRUCTIONS: Place cabbage wedges on a rimmed baking sheet and drizzle with oil, getting between layers as much as possible. Season generously with salt. Let sit at least 1 hour and up to 12 hours. Prepare a grill for medium-high, indirect heat (for a charcoal grill, bank coals on one side of grill; for a gas grill, leave one or two burners off). Grill jalapeños over direct heat, turning occasionally, until blistered and beginning to soften, about 5 minutes. Let cool slightly, then chop. Transfer to a medium bowl and add buttermilk, yogurt, mayonnaise, lemon zest and juice, and 1 Tbsp. chives. Mix well; se <END>
INPUT: crusted, puree, tomatoes, olive oil, garlic, shallot, Salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Red Quinoa-Crusted Tuna with Smoked Tomato Puree | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 medium tomatoes, halved and cored; 5 tablespoons olive oil, divided; 3 small cloves garlic, sliced very thin; 1 large shallot, sliced very thin; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 dried chiles de arbol; 1/3 cup red quinoa; 4 thick tuna steaks (about 4 to 5 ounces each); 8 whole scallions | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: Outdoor grill, 6-ounces apple wood chips, for smoking Shape a large piece of aluminum foil into a bowl shape. Submerge the wood chips in water for at least 15 minutes, then drain them and put them in the foil 'bowl'. If you are using a gas grill turn 1 side to high and leave the other side off. Put the tomatoes on the side of the grill that is off and put the foil bowl full of wood chips on the heated side. Close the lid and smoke for 45 minutes. Indoor method: Put the soaked wood chips in the bottom tray of a stovetop smoker. Heat over medium-high heat until the chips begin <END>
INPUT: Asian, flavored sushi rice, soy ginger glaze, gari julienned, sesame seeds, soy sauce
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Sushi Rice with Soy-Ginger Glaze | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups cooked flavored sushi rice; 1/4 cup soy-ginger glaze, recipe follows; 1/4 cup gari julienned; 1 tablespoon sesame seeds; 1 cup thin soy sauce; Juice and zest of 2 oranges; 3 tablespoons brown sugar; 1 tablespoon minced ginger | INSTRUCTIONS: Form sushi cakes either using a rice mold or your hands. Make a small hole in the cake and fill with gari. Re-seal hole and let rest for 5 minutes. On a hot grill, mark the cake. Turn over and glaze marked side. Turn again and glaze. Garnish with sesame seeds and serve hot. Combine all ingredients in a bowl. <END>
INPUT: onions, Water, beans, corn cob, olive oil, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Green Beans with Roasted Corn and Green Onions | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Water, to cover beans; 4 cups green beans, ends cut; 2 corn on the cob, white preferably; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1 red onion, large, cut in 1/8-inch rounds; 2 tablespoons chopped garlic; 1/4 cup white wine; 2 teaspoons sea salt; 1 teaspoons black pepper; 3 tablespoons butter; 1/4 cup diced Roma tomatoes; 3 tablespoons grated Parmigiano-Reggiano | INSTRUCTIONS: In a medium sauce pot, bring water and 1 teaspoon salt to a boil. Add green beans and blanch for 3 minutes. Remove from water and put into an ice water bath. Drain. Heat grill or gas burners. Place cleaned corn on the cob on the grill or burner. Turn corn and lightly brown all the way around. Let cool and slice the kernels off the cob. In a large saute pan over medium heat, add oil, after 45 seconds add onions and saute for 4 to 5 minutes, add green beans, corn, and garlic. Saute for 4 minutes, deglaze with wine, season with salt and pepper, and butter. Garnish with Roma tomatoes and Parmesan. <END>
INPUT: granita, whipped, cranberry juice cocktail, sugar, cranberry sauce, orange juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cranberry Granita with Orange Whipped Cream | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups cranberry juice cocktail; 1/2 cup plus 2 tablespoons sugar; 1/4 teaspoon (scant) ground cloves; 1 1/2 cups cooked cranberry sauce; 1/2 cup orange juice; 1 1/2 teaspoons grated orange peel; 3/4 cup chilled whipping cream | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring cranberry juice, 1/2 cup sugar, and cloves to boil in small saucepan, stirring often; set aside. Puree cranberry sauce in processor; add juice mixture and puree. Pour mixture into 8x8-inch baking dish; freeze until firm, at least 4 hours. Boil orange juice and 2 tablespoons sugar in small saucepan until reduced to 1/4 cup, stirring occasionally, about 4 minutes. Mix in peel. Cool orange syrup. Whisk cream and 3 tablespoons orange syrup in medium bowl to soft peaks. Scrape tines of fork across frozen cranberry mixture, forming flakes. Mound generous 1/2 cup granita to 1 side in each of 6  <END>
INPUT: swordfish, butter, wood chips smoking, tomatoes, fennel, shallots, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fennel Seared Swordfish with Smoked Tomato Butter, Yukon Hash and Bottarga Citrus Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cup wood chips for smoking, preferably oaks; 4 large tomatoes, cores removed, bottoms scored; 1 cup chopped fennel; 1 cup chopped shallots; 4 cloves garlic, minced; 1/3 cup dry white wine; 2 cups heavy cream; 2 cups fish stock; 2 tablespoons salt; 2 tablespoons granulated sugar; 2 tablespoons fennel seed; 1 tablespoon fresh oregano; 1 tablespoon black peppercorns; 1 tablespoon salt; 1 tablespoon fresh thyme | INSTRUCTIONS: For the tomato butter: Soak the wood chips in water for 30 minutes before using, then drain and transfer to a pan. Place the tomatoes into a perforated pan and set over the wood chips, then top with a lid. Place over medium heat, and smoke the tomatoes for 30 to 45 minutes. Meanwhile, combine the fennel, shallots and garlic in a pot and simmer until translucent. Pour in the wine to deglaze, and then stir in the cream, stock and smoked tomatoes. Mash the tomatoes into the sauce using a whisk or the back of a stirring spoon. Simmer over medium heat until the liquid is reduced by two-thirds. Pure <END>
INPUT: Italian, salad, portabello mushroom caps, virgin olive oil, artichoke hearts, ricotta cheese
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spinach and Artichoke Stuffed Portabello Mushrooms with Tomato and Bread Salad | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 8 portabello mushroom caps; Extra-virgin olive oil, for brushing mushrooms, plus 1/4 cup; 1 (10-ounce) box frozen chopped spinach, defrosted; 1 can quartered artichoke hearts, drained well; 1 1/2 cups ricotta cheese; 1 egg yolk; 1 clove garlic, grated with microplane or small side box grater; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; Freshly grated nutmeg, about 1/8 teaspoon; 1/2 cup Parmigiano-Reggiano, a couple of handfuls; 6 plum tomatoes, coarsely chopped; 1 cup fresh basil leaves, about 20, torn; 4 cups crusty bread, torn or coarsely chopped; 1 small red onion, very thinly sliced | INSTRUCTIONS: Tidbit: Panzanella, stale bread salad, requires that you soak and wring out the bread before assembling the salad. If you make this with fresh crusty bread or the bread has staled a bit but not hardened, the juice from the tomatoes should be enough to tenderize the bread's crusty edges. Preheat grill to medium-high and oven to 425 degrees F. Using a damp towel, brush mushroom caps to clean. Using a pastry brush, coat the caps with extra-virgin olive oil and grill with lid down or roast about 5 to 6 minutes, turning once, until tender but still firm at center. Wring the spinach out in a clean k <END>
INPUT: Italian, sauce, onion, bell pepper, garlic, unsalted butter, solid pack pumpkin
OUTPUT: TITLE: Penne with Pumpkin Sauce | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 onion, chopped fine; 1 red bell pepper, chopped fine; 2 large garlic cloves, minced; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1/2 cup canned solid pack pumpkin; 1 cup chicken broth; 1/2 cup water; 2 tablespoons heavy cream; Freshly grated nutmeg to taste; 1/2 pound penne or other tubular pasta; 3 tablespoons minced fresh parsley leaves; Freshly grated Parmesan as an accompaniment | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large skillet cook the onion, the bell pepper, and the garlic in the butter over moderate heat, stirring, until the vegetables are softened, stir in the pumpkin, the broth, the water, the cream, the nutmeg, and salt and pepper to taste, and simmer the sauce, stirring occasionally, for 10 minutes. While the sauce is simmering, in a kettle of salted boiling water boil the penne until it is al dente, ladle out the reserve about 1 cup of the cooking water, and drain the penne well. Add the penne to the sauce, cook the mixture over moderate heat, stirring and thinning the sauce as desired with <END>
INPUT: French, souffle, water, olive oil, cognac, onions
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lobster Souffle | CUISINE: French | INGREDIENTS: 3 (1 1/2 pound) lobsters; 4 cups water; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 2 tablespoons plus 2 teaspoons cognac, divided; 1 cup coarsely chopped onions; 1/2 cup coarsely chopped carrots; 1 rib celery, coarsely chopped; 1 1/2 cups coarsely chopped fresh tomato; 1 large sprig fresh thyme; 1 large sprig fresh tarragon; 2 bay leaves; 2 to 3 tablespoons tomato paste; 1 1/2 cups white wine; Salt; Freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: For the lobsters: Place the lobsters into a large stainless-steel pot and add about 4 cups of water. Cover, and bring to a strong boil, which may take nearly 10 minutes. Reduce the heat to medium, and continue boiling gently, still covered, for about 5 minutes. Set aside, covered, for 30 to 45 minutes, until the lobsters in the pot are cool enough to handle. Retain the broth for use in the sauce. Break off the tails and claws from each of the lobsters, and crack the shells, taking care to retain any liquid released and add it to the broth. Remove all the meat, split the tail in half lengthwise <END>
INPUT: American, toast, thyme, cayenne pepper, virgin olive oil, loaf olive bread, Parmesan Gruyere cheese
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cheese Toast GT | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 teaspoon dried thyme; 1/2 teaspoon cayenne pepper; 1/2 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 1 loaf olive bread (approximately 5 by 11 inches), cut lengthwise into 1/4-inch-thick slices; 4 ounces Parmesan or Gruyere cheese, grated (about 1 cup) | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat oven to 300 degrees F. Line 2 baking sheets with silpats (French nonstick baking mats) and cooling racks. Stir thyme and cayenne pepper into oil. Place bread on racks in 1 layer. Brush with oil. Sprinkle cheese evenly over bread. Bake until golden and crunchy, 25 to 30 minutes. Cool on racks. Store in airtight containers for up to 1 week.; <END>
INPUT: sauce, garlic, olive oil, plum tomatoes, wine vinegar, honey
OUTPUT: TITLE: Broiled Tomato Sauce with Roasted Garlic | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 medium heads garlic, separated into cloves, unpeeled; 1/4 cup olive oil; 4 pounds plum tomatoes, halved lengthwise; 1 tablespoon red wine vinegar; 2 teaspoons honey | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350°F. Combine garlic and oil in small glass baking dish. Cover with foil and bake until garlic is very tender, about 40 minutes. Using slotted spoon, transfer garlic to work surface; reserve garlic oil. Peel garlic cloves. Preheat broiler. Line 2 rimmed baking sheets with foil. Brush foil with some of reserved garlic oil. Arrange tomatoes, cut side down, on prepared sheets. Working in batches, broil tomatoes until skins are slightly charred, watching closely to avoid burning, about 10 minutes. Cool. Remove tomato skins and discard. Place tomatoes and any juices from baking she <END>
INPUT: mayonnaise, egg yolks, virgin olive oil, Salt pepper, wine vinegar, rinsed capers
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fried Calamari with Tuna and Caper Mayonnaise | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 egg yolks*; 8 ounces extra-virgin olive oil; Salt and pepper; Splash white wine vinegar; 2 tablespoons rinsed capers; 1 can tuna, mashed; 2 cups vegetable oil; 2 cups all purpose flour; Salt; Cayenne pepper; 1 pound calamari rings | INSTRUCTIONS: TUNA AND CAPER MAYONNAISE: In a blender add 2 egg yolks, blend. While the motor is running, slowly add 8 ounces olive oil. Season with salt and pepper. Add the white wine vinegar, and capers. Pulse quickly. Transfer the mayonnaise to a mixing bowl and add 1 mashed, tuna. Mix together and transfer to a mixing bowl. Refrigerate until needed. FRIED CALAMARI: In a large pot heat oil to 350 degrees. Next, mix together flour, salt and cayenne pepper. Coat the calamari rings in the flour and fry until golden brown, about 30 seconds. Drain on paper towels. Serve hot with the caper mayonnaise. <END>
INPUT: Indian, pork, tenderloin, wine, sugar, bay leaf, prunes, coriander seeds
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pork Tenderloin with Prune, Pear, and Apple Chutney in a Hazelnut Cream Sauce | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups red wine; 1/2 cup sugar; 1 bay leaf; 12 ounces diced prunes; 1/2 teaspoon ground coriander seeds; 1 apple, peeled and diced; 1 pear, peeled and diced; 2 tablespoons cornstarch; 2 tablespoons water; 1 onion, chopped; 1/2 celery stalk, chopped; 2 carrots, peeled and chopped; 1 parsnip, peeled and chopped; 2 tablespoons tomato paste; 1 quart veal stock | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Chutney: Add wine, sugar, and bay leaf to pot and bring to a boil. Add the prunes and coriander and cook until soft. Add apple and pear and cook until soft. Combine cornstarch and water to make a slurry. Whisk in cornstarch and bring to a boil to thicken and remove bay leaf. Cream Sauce: Saute the onion, celery, carrots, and parsnip until soft, then add tomato paste and saute, stirring constantly, for 3 minutes. Be careful not to burn the tomato paste. Add veal stock and reduce by half. In a separate saute pan over low heat, add 3 tablespoons butter and melt. Add <END>
INPUT: American, scottish, refrigerated pie crusts, Granny Smith apples, sugar, gingersnap cookie crumbs, orange marmalade
OUTPUT: TITLE: Scottish Apple Pie | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 refrigerated pie crusts (one 15-ounce package), room temperature; 1 1/2 pounds Granny Smith apples, peeled, cored, cut into 1/3-inch cubes; 9 tablespoons sugar, divided; 1/2 cup gingersnap cookie crumbs; 1/3 cup orange marmalade; 1/3 cup golden raisins; 1 teaspoon grated orange peel; 1 tablespoon whipping cream | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 375°F. Line 9-inch-diameter glass pie dish with 1 pie crust. Mix apples, 8 tablespoons sugar, cookie crumbs, marmalade, raisins, and orange peel in large bowl. Spoon filling into crust-lined dish. Top with remaining crust. Press crust edges together to seal; crimp edge decoratively. Cut 1-inch hole in center. Blend cream and 1 tablespoon sugar in small bowl; brush over crust. Bake pie until crust is golden and filling bubbles thickly, about 45 minutes. Serve warm. Preheat oven to 375°F. Line 9-inch-diameter glass pie dish with 1 pie crust. Mix apples, 8 tablespoons sugar, cooki <END>
INPUT: Asian, teriyaki, soy sauce, orange, mirin, water, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pineapple Teriyaki Sauce | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup soy sauce; 1 medium orange, juiced; 1/2 cup mirin; 1/2 cup water; 1/4 cup brown sugar; 1 1/2 teaspoons minced garlic; 1 1/2 teaspoons minced ginger; 1 tablespoon cornstarch mixed with 1 tablespoon water; 1 cup fresh pineapple, grilled and chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large saucepan, combine all ingredients, except the cornstarch mixture and pineapple, and whisk to blend. Bring the mixture to a boil and stir in the cornstarch slurry to thicken. Fold in chopped pineapple. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, california, avocado, sweet onion, spicy chipotle pepper, beef broth, balsamic vinegar, vegetable oil olive
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled California Avocado B-L-T Burgers with Caramelized Chipotle Onions | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 large sweet onion, halved and thinly sliced; 1 tablespoon spicy chipotle pepper sauce (recommended: Tabasco Chipotle Pepper Sauce); 1 tablespoon beef broth; 1 tablespoon balsamic vinegar; 1 tablespoon vegetable oil or olive oil; 1 tablespoon crushed fresh garlic; 1 tablespoon dark brown sugar; 6 1/2 ounces light garlic-and-herbs spreadable cheese; 4 ounces blue cheese (recommended: Point Reyes) or other favorite blue cheese, crumbled; 1 pound ground chuck; 1 pound ground sirloin; 1/3 cup minced sweet onion; 1/4 cup zinfandel wine (recommended: Sutter Home Zinfandel); 3 tablespoons minced fresh oregano, thyme, and basil leaves (any combination); 1 tablespoon spicy chipotle pepper sauce (recommended: Tabasco Chipotle Pepper Sauce) | INSTRUCTIONS: In a grill with a cover, prepare a medium-hot fire for direct-heat cooking. For caramelized onions, combine onion, pepper sauce, broth, vinegar, oil, garlic, and brown sugar in a 10-inch nonstick skillet with a lid. When coals are ready, place covered pan on grill rack. Cook onion mixture for 15 to 20 minutes, stirring occasionally, until onions are caramelized and most of liquid is evaporated. Remove pan from grill and set aside. For spread, combine spreadable cheese and blue cheese in a saucepan; cover and set aside. For burgers, place ground beef in a large bowl. Add onion, Zinfandel, herbs <END>
INPUT: benedict, asparagus, olive oil, Kosher salt pepper, mayonnaise, Parmesan
OUTPUT: TITLE: Quick Asparagus Benedict | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 bunches large asparagus (about 1 1/2 pounds); 1 tablespoon olive oil; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1/3 cup mayonnaise; 1/3 cup grated Parmesan; 2 tablespoons lemon juice; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh dill, plus a few sprigs for garnish; 1 tablespoon white vinegar; 4 large eggs, at room temperature | INSTRUCTIONS: Place a rack in the top third of the oven and preheat the oven to broil. Trim off about an inch from the bottom of the asparagus and peel about halfway up. Toss the asparagus with the olive oil on a baking sheet. Season with salt and pepper and broil until slightly blistered and tender, about 7 minutes. Remove from the oven and set aside. Combine the mayonnaise, Parmesan, lemon juice and 1/2 teaspoon pepper and set aside. Fill a straight-sided skillet with about 2 inches of water and bring it to a bare simmer over medium heat. Add the vinegar. Crack an egg into a cup and gently slip it into th <END>
INPUT: quebec, okanagan, ice wine, water, sugar, local peaches, balsamic vinegar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Seared Quebec Foie Gras with Okanagan Peaches | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup ice wine; 1 cup water; 1 tablespoon white sugar; 2 fresh local peaches; 1 cup balsamic vinegar; 4 (2-ounce) pieces foie gras, sliced; Salt and white pepper; Grapeseed oil; 1 tablespoon sweet butter; 1/2 lemon, juiced; 1 teaspoon coarse fleur de sel | INSTRUCTIONS: In saucepan bring wine, water and sugar to a boil. Peel and slice peaches into wedges. Remove boiling wine syrup from heat then add peach slices. Cover and allow to sit for 10 minutes. Remove peaches and reserve syrup in refrigerator for future use. Will hold about 1 week. In a small pot reduce the balsamic to 1/3. Remove from heat. For this dish you will need a non-stick pan. Take the foie gras out of the refrigerator. One thing I want to point out really quickly is you will need a warm knife. When you use the knife simply have a container of lukewarm water and place the knife in it and slice <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, skewers, tzatziki, Greek style, cubes English hothouse, dill, lemon juice additional, shallots
OUTPUT: TITLE: Shrimp Skewers with Tzatziki, Spinach, and Feta | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup Greek-style (2% or nonfat) yogurt*; 1 cup 1/4-inch cubes English hothouse cucumber; 3 tablespoons chopped fresh dill; 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice plus additional for drizzling; 2 tablespoons chopped shallots; 1 1/4 teaspoons aniseed, finely crushed, divided; Olive oil (for brushing and drizzling); 1 pound uncooked large shrimp, peeled, deveined, tails left intact; 8 cups baby spinach leaves; 3/4 cup crumbled feta cheese | INSTRUCTIONS: Mix Greek-style yogurt, cucumber, dill, 2 tablespoons lemon juice, shallots, and 3/4 teaspoon crushed aniseed in small bowl; season tzatziki generously with salt and pepper. Chill. Prepare barbecue (medium-high heat). Brush grill with oil. Thread shrimp onto 4 metal skewers. Brush shrimp all over with olive oil; sprinkle with salt, pepper, and remaining 1/2 teaspoon crushed aniseed. Grill just until shrimp are opaque in center, about 3 minutes per side. Divide spinach among 4 plates; drizzle lightly with additional lemon juice and olive oil. Top each with 1 shrimp skewer. Spoon tzatziki over s <END>
INPUT: American, graham cracker crumbs, unsalted butter, curry powder, cinnamon, dark sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Banana Rum Cream Pie | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/4 cups graham cracker crumbs from 9 (4 3/4 - by 2 1/4-inch) crackers; 5 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted; 1 teaspoon curry powder (preferably Madras); 1/4 teaspoon cinnamon; 1/2 cup packed dark brown sugar; 8 ounces cream cheese, softened; 1 teaspoon finely grated fresh lemon zest; 1 cup chilled heavy cream; 4 teaspoons dark rum; 4 firm-ripe bananas; Special equipment: a 9-inch pie plate | INSTRUCTIONS: Put oven rack in middle position and preheat oven to 350°F. Stir together crumbs, butter, curry powder, cinnamon, and 2 tablespoons brown sugar in a bowl with a fork until combined well. Reserve 1 tablespoon crumb mixture for garnish and press remaining crumb mixture evenly onto bottom and up side of pie plate. Bake crust 10 minutes, then cool completely in pie plate on a rack, about 20 minutes. Beat together cream cheese, zest, and remaining 6 tablespoons brown sugar in a bowl with an electric mixer at high speed until light and fluffy, about 1 minute. Beat cream with rum in another bowl with <END>
INPUT: Alaska King Crab, Chardonnay, water, lemon, Chardonnay Lemon Herb
OUTPUT: TITLE: Steamed Alaska King Crab with Chardonnay-Lemon-Herb Splash | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 pounds Alaska King Crab legs, thawed or frozen; 1 cup Chardonnay; 1 cup water; 1 lemon, cut into 8 slices; Chardonnay-Lemon-Herb Splash (recipe follows); Chardonnay-Lemon-Herb Splash:; 6 Tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 2 Tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 2 Tablespoons Chardonnay; 2 teaspoons minced lemon zest; 2 teaspoons minced fresh rosemary; 1 Tablespoon minced fresh basil; 1 Tablespoon minced parsley; 1/8 teaspoon dried red pepper flakes; 1 teaspoon minced garlic | INSTRUCTIONS: Make the Chardonnay-Lemon-Herb Splash ahead and keep refrigerated. Bring it to room temperature and stir it well before serving. Rinse frozen Alaska Crab legs under cold running water to remove any ice glaze; pat dry with paper towels. Discard towels. Cut crab legs into smaller sections with a large knife or clean kitchen scissors, if desired. In the bottom of a large steamer pot with an insert and a tight-fitting lid, combine the wine, water and lemon slices. Cover and bring to a boil over high heat. Place crab legs in steamer insert and place over boiling mixture. Cover pan tightly and cook  <END>
INPUT: Italian, pesto, broccoli florets, basil leaves, Pecorino Romano cheese, walnuts, pepper flakes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fettuccine with Broccoli Pesto and Sun-Dried Tomatoes | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups broccoli florets; 1 cup fresh basil leaves; 3 tablespoons grated Pecorino Romano cheese; 2 tablespoons coarsely chopped toasted walnuts; Pinch red pepper flakes; 2 cloves garlic, halved; 1/4 cup reduced-sodium chicken or vegetable broth; 2 teaspoons olive oil; 6 ounces whole-wheat fettuccine; 6 soft sun-dried tomatoes (not packed in oil), cut into thin slivers; Grated zest of 1 lemon | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring a small pot of salted water to a boil. Add the broccoli and cook, stirring occasionally, until the broccoli is tender, 3 to 4 minutes. Drain and run under cold running water, then drain again. Place the broccoli, basil, cheese, walnuts, 1/2 teaspoon salt, red pepper flakes and garlic in a food processor and pulse until coarsely chopped. Add the broth and oil and process until smooth. Meanwhile, cook the pasta according to package directions. Drain and transfer the fettuccine to a large bowl. Add the pesto, sun-dried tomatoes and lemon zest and toss to coat well. Per Serving: 286 Cal; 24g <END>
INPUT: Asian, sushi grade tuna, Salt pepper, haricots verts slim, Juice zest lemon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Seared Tuna with Green Beans, Lemon and Wasabi | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 4 sushi-grade tuna steaks (3 ounces each); Salt and freshly ground black pepper; Nonstick cooking spray; 12 ounces haricots verts or slim green beans, trimmed; Juice and grated zest of 1 lemon; 1 garlic clove, minced; 2 tablespoons wasabi paste; 4 scallions (white and green parts), sliced thin on the diagonal; 3 tablespoons black sesame seeds | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Preheat a grill or grill pan over high heat. Season the tuna steaks with salt and pepper to taste, and spray them lightly with cooking spray. When the grill is hot, add the tuna and cook for 1 1/2 minutes per side for medium-rare. Transfer the tuna to a platter and allow it to rest, uncovered, for 5 minutes. Meanwhile, cook the haricots verts in the boiling water until they are just tender, about 3 minutes; drain. In a medium bowl, whisk together the lemon juice and zest, garlic, and wasabi paste. Add the haricots verts, scallions, and sesame seeds. <END>
INPUT: carrots, peppers, asparagus, carrot, pepper, butter, Salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Asparagus, Julienne Carrots, and Red Peppers | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 10 asparagus, stemmed; 1 carrot, julienne; 1 red pepper, julienne; 1/2-ounce butter; Salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Fill a saute pan with water and bring to a simmer. Add the asparagus and cook for 30 seconds. Add the carrots and peppers and cook for another 10 seconds. Strain the water and season the veggies with butter, salt, and freshly ground black pepper. Serve immediately. <END>
INPUT: French, beurre, blanc, shallot, wine, lemon juice, tarragon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Radishes with Tarragon Beurre Blanc | CUISINE: French | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup minced shallot; 3/4 stick (6 tablespoons) cold unsalted butter, cut into tablespoons; 1/2 cup dry white wine; 1 teaspoon fresh lemon juice; 2 teaspoons chopped fresh tarragon; 30 whole radishes (preferably with tops); Coarse sea salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook shallot in 1 tablespoon butter in a small heavy saucepan over moderately low heat, stirring, until softened. Add wine and boil until liquid is reduced to about 1/4 cup. Reduce heat to low and whisk in remaining 5 tablespoons butter, 1 piece at a time, lifting pan occasionally to cool mixture and adding each piece of butter before previous one has completely melted. Whisk in juice, tarragon, and salt and pepper to taste. Cook shallot in 1 tablespoon butter in a small heavy saucepan over moderately low heat, stirring, until softened. Add wine and boil until liquid is reduced to about 1/4 cu <END>
INPUT: gazpacho, tomato, seedless cucumber, Zest juice orange, garlic, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Gochujang Gazpacho | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups diced ripe tomato, divided; 1/2 cup chopped peeled seedless cucumber, divided; Zest and juice of 1 orange; 2 garlic cloves, chopped; 2 tablespoons finely chopped red onion; 2 tablespoons finely chopped yellow bell pepper; 2 tablespoons gochujang (Korean hot pepper paste); 2 tablespoons chopped fresh dill; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley; 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 2 tablespoons Sherry vinegar; 1 teaspoon grated peeled ginger; 1/4 teaspoon sea salt; 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 2 tablespoons chopped mint | INSTRUCTIONS: Pulse 1 1/2 cups tomato, 1/4 cup cucumber, orange zest and juice, garlic, onion, bell pepper, gochujang, dill, parsley, lemon juice, vinegar, ginger, and salt in a blender until coarsely chopped. Drizzle in oil while pulsing until mixture is combined but not totally smooth. Divide gazpacho between 2 bowls and garnish with remaining tomato and cucumber. Top with mint. Pulse 1 1/2 cups tomato, 1/4 cup cucumber, orange zest and juice, garlic, onion, bell pepper, gochujang, dill, parsley, lemon juice, vinegar, ginger, and salt in a blender until coarsely chopped. Drizzle in oil while pulsing until <END>
INPUT: sweet potatoes, eggs, granulated sugar, vanilla extract
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sweet Potato Soufflé | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 5 medium sweet potatoes (about 9 ounces each); 2 large eggs; 1 cup granulated sugar; 1/2 cup (1 stick) butter, at room temperature; 1 1/2 teaspoons vanilla extract; 1/2 cup milk; Pinch of salt; 1 cup finely chopped pecans; 1 cup brown sugar, packed; 1/3 cup all-purpose flour; 1/4 cup (1/2 stick) butter, softened | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 400°F. Grease a 2 1/2-quart baking dish with butter. On a foil-covered baking sheet, bake the sweet potatoes for 1 hour, or until they are soft. When cool enough to handle, peel the potatoes, place the flesh in a large mixing bowl, and mash until very smooth. Add the eggs, sugar, butter, vanilla, milk, and salt. Combine well with an electric mixer or hand mixer. Turn the mixture into the baking dish. In a medium bowl, stir together the pecans, brown sugar, flour, and butter until thoroughly combined. Spoon the mixture over the sweet potatoes, making an even layer. Bake the  <END>
INPUT: Italian, soup, carrots, Vidalia onion, garlic, olive oil, Kosher salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Carrot and Basil Soup with Grilled Cheese Dunkers | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 2 pounds carrots, washed and cut into chunks; 1/2 large Vidalia onion, cut into chunks; 4 cloves garlic, unpeeled; 2 tablespoons olive oil; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 5 cups chicken broth; 1/4 cup chopped fresh basil; Sour cream or Greek yogurt, for topping, optional; Grilled Cheese Dunkers, for serving, recipe follows; 1 1/4 cups shredded extra-sharp Cheddar; 8 slices nice sourdough bread, quartered and crusts removed; Mayonnaise, for spreading | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Add the carrots, onions and garlic to a sheet tray, drizzle with the olive oil and season with a big pinch of salt and pepper. Toss everything together so it's nice and coated. Roast until tender and golden brown in spots, about 45 minutes. Add 4 cups of the chicken broth to a saucepan and bring to a simmer. Pop the garlic out of their skins and add to the sauce pan with the roasted carrots and onions. Simmer everything together for 15 minutes. Add the basil at the very end of cooking. Puree until smooth by adding in batches to  <END>
INPUT: Italian, linguine pasta, basil leaves, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Linguine with Sun-Dried Tomatoes, Olives, and Lemon | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound linguine pasta; 1 cup (6 ounces) chopped or julienned sun-dried tomatoes in oil, drained; 1 cup (4 ounces) medium green olives, pitted; 1 packed cup fresh basil leaves; 1 clove garlic, roughly chopped; 1/3 cup extra-virgin olive oil; Zest and juice of 1 large lemon; 3/4 cup grated Parmesan; Salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil over high heat. Add the pasta and cook until tender but still firm to the bite, stirring occasionally, 8 to 10 minutes. Drain and reserve about 1 cup of the pasta water. Place the pasta in a large serving bowl. In a food processor, combine the sun-dried tomatoes, olives, basil, garlic, oil, lemon zest, and lemon juice. Pulse until blended but still chunky. Add the Parmesan cheese to the pasta and toss well. Pour the tomato mixture on top and toss until the pasta is coated. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. <END>
INPUT: soup, olive oil, Kosher salt pepper, unsalted butter, carrots
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken Noodle Soup | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 5 large bone-in, skin-on chicken thighs (about 2 pounds); 2 tablespoons olive oil; Kosher salt and cracked black pepper; 1 tablespoon unsalted butter; 2 carrots, chopped; 2 celery ribs, chopped; 1 yellow onion, chopped; 1 clove garlic, minced; 2 quarts low-sodium chicken broth; 2 1/2 cups old-fashioned egg noodles; 1 cup frozen petite peas, thawed; 2 teaspoons fresh thyme leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Place the chicken on a rimmed sheet tray and drizzle with the olive oil. Sprinkle liberally with salt and pepper. Roast until the chicken registers 160 degrees F, 35 to 40 minutes. Remove from the oven and let cool slightly. Remove and discard the skin, shred the chicken and set aside. Melt the butter in a large pot over medium-high heat. Add the carrots, celery and onions and cook just until the vegetables begin to soften, about 3 minutes. Sprinkle with salt and pepper. Add the garlic and cook 1 minute longer. Add the chicken broth and bring to a simmer. Add <END>
INPUT: barbecued, pork, barbecue meat seasoning
OUTPUT: TITLE: Barbecued Ribs | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 pounds pork ribs (baby back or spareribs); 1 tablespoon barbecue meat seasoning; 1 (16-ounce) bottle barbecue sauce | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: 5 pounds charcoal briquettes (if using charcoal) Lighter fluid (if using charcoal) If using charcoal, pile the charcoal in a pyramid. Ignite the charcoal with lighter fluid. Once the top portion of the charcoal has turned white, spread the charcoal out evenly using a fireproof tool such as a metal rake or shovel. Spread the coals over half of the bottom of the grill, leaving the other half empty. (If using a gas grill, only ignite one side of the burners.) Evenly spread the meat seasoning over both sides of the ribs. Let stand in the refrigerator unless using right away. Pla <END>
INPUT: yassa, stewed, onions, garlic, celery, carrots
OUTPUT: TITLE: Yassa Chicken with Stewed Tomatoes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 (3 to 3 1/2) pound chicken (cut into 8 pieces); 1 1/2 cups thinly sliced onions; 6 cloves garlic, halved; 1 cup celery ribs, thinly sliced; 1 cup carrots, thinly sliced; 1/2 cup fresh lime juice; Freshly ground black pepper; 1 fresh hot chile pepper (habenero), quartered; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 3 tablespoons vegetable oil; 2 cups chicken stock; 1 lime, zested; Salt and freshly ground white pepper; 2 cups carrots, julienned; 2 cups leeks, julienned | INSTRUCTIONS: Place chicken in a large non-reactive bowl and add onions, garlic, sliced celery, carrots, lime juice and peppers. Let chicken marinate 3 to 5 hours in the refrigerator. Strain the chicken and pat dry. Season with salt and pepper. Reserve the vegetables. Heat 2 tablespoons oil in a Dutch oven over medium heat and brown chicken on both sides. Remove chicken and pour off excess fat. Add 1 tablespoon oil to Dutch oven and saute marinated vegetables until tender, about 5 to 10 minutes. Deglaze with 2 cups chicken stock. Add chicken to Dutch oven and allow to cook over medium heat until chicken is  <END>
INPUT: saute, olive oil, garlic, pepper flakes, broccoli, Salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spicy Broccoli Saute | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup olive oil; 3 tablespoons minced garlic; 1 teaspoon red pepper flakes, or to taste; 2 heads broccoli, cut in small florets; Salt and freshly cracked black pepper; Splash chicken stock | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large saute pan over medium-high heat, add the oil. Stir in the garlic and red pepper flakes and cook until the garlic begins to brown, about 1 minute. Add the broccoli and toss until tender and it begins to color, about 3 to 4 minutes. Season the broccoli with salt and pepper, to taste. Stir in the chicken stock and cover to steam for a few minutes. Transfer to a serving bowl and serve. <END>
INPUT: sauce, crumbled Gorgonzola cheese, whipping cream, farfalle, walnuts, Italian parsley
OUTPUT: TITLE: Farfalle with Gorgonzola Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/4 cups crumbled Gorgonzola cheese (about 5 ounces); 1 cup whipping cream; 8 ounces farfalle (bow-tie) pasta; 1/3 cup walnuts, toasted, chopped; 3 tablespoons chopped Italian parsley | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine 1 cup cheese and cream in heavy small saucepan. Cover and bring to boil over medium heat. Uncover; whisk until cheese melts and sauce is smooth, about 2 minutes. Set sauce aside. Cook pasta in pot of boiling salted water until just tender but still firm to bite. Drain pasta; return to same pot. Add Gorgonzola sauce. Toss over medium heat until heated through and sauce coats pasta thickly, about 3 minutes. Season pasta with salt and pepper. Transfer to serving bowl. Sprinkle with remaining 1/4 cup cheese, walnuts and parsley. Combine 1 cup cheese and cream in heavy small saucepan. Cover <END>
INPUT: American, crab, cakes, Two chickpeas, cream tartar, parsley, lemon juice, Old Bay Seasoning
OUTPUT: TITLE: Vegan Chickpea Crab Cakes | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: Two 15-ounce cans chickpeas, drained and 1/4 cup liquid reserved; Pinch cream of tartar; 2 tablespoons fresh parsley, chopped; 1 tablespoon lemon juice, plus lemon wedges for serving; 2 teaspoons Old Bay Seasoning; 1 teaspoon honey mustard; 2 slices of white bread or 1 hamburger bun, torn into small pieces; Kosher salt; 2/3 cup all-purpose flour; Vegetable oil, for frying; 1/4 cup vegan mayonnaise; 1/2 teaspoon honey mustard; Pinch Old Bay Seasoning; 1/2 whole dill pickle, finely chopped; 1 tablespoon dill pickle brine | INSTRUCTIONS: For the chickpea crab cakes: Place the reserved chickpea liquid into a large bowl, then add the cream of tartar and whip vigorously until foamy and thick. Whisk in the parsley, lemon juice, Old Bay and honey mustard, then add the bread pieces and toss to coat. Let sit until the bread is soft, about 5 minutes. Meanwhile, finely chop the chickpeas (alternatively, you can pinch or smush them). When the bread mixture is ready, add the chickpeas and toss and squeeze the mixture until it holds together. Form into eight 3/4-inch thick patties with nice rounded edges. Cover and chill them for at least <END>
INPUT: spices, skinned sweet potatoes, apple juice concentrate, cinnamon, butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sweet Potatoes with Apple Juice and Spices | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 8-ounce red-skinned sweet potatoes (yams), peeled, sliced into 1/4-inch-thick rounds; 3 tablespoons frozen apple juice concentrate, thawed; 1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1/8 teaspoon ground cloves; 1 tablespoon butter, melted | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 400°F. Place large baking sheet in oven to heat. Combine sweet potatoes, apple juice concentrate, cinnamon and cloves in medium bowl. Sprinkle generously with salt and pepper. Cut 2 sheets of foil, each about 20 inches long. Place 1 foil sheet on work surface. Spread half of sweet potatoes on 1 half of foil so that potato slices are not more than 2 deep. Drizzle with 1/2 tablespoon butter. Fold foil over, enclosing contents completely and crimping edges tightly to seal. Repeat with second foil sheet and remaining ingredients. Place foil packets on heated baking sheet. Bake unti <END>
INPUT: punch, lime juice, grenadine syrup, Jamaican rum, light rum, pineapple juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Rum Punch | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup fresh lime juice; 2 cups grenadine syrup; 2 cups Jamaican white rum; 1 cup light rum; 2 cups fresh pineapple juice; 2 cups fresh orange juice; Pinch freshly grated nutmeg, optional; Orange slices, for garnish; Pineapple slices, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Mix all ingredients together in a pitcher or punch bowl. Chill in the refrigerator for at least 1 hour before serving. Garnish with orange or pineapple slices. <END>
INPUT: salad, curly endive, Belgian endive, onion, wine vinegar, high quality virgin
OUTPUT: TITLE: Curly Endive Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 bunch curly endive (also called chicory), large, tough stems removed and cut into bite-size pieces; 1 Belgian endive, cut into spears; 1 small red onion, thinly sliced; 2 to 3 tablespoons red wine vinegar; 2 to 3 tablespoons high quality extra-virgin olive oil; Kosher salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. In a large salad bowl, toss together both endives and the onion. Sprinkle with the vinegar, oil and salt and toss again. If a little more oil or vinegar is needed, do so in small increments and taste as you go. The salad should be well seasoned and dressed but not soggy. Voila! <END>
INPUT: Asian, relish, pork loin chops, Salt pepper, cayenne paprika, olive oil, pineapple juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Glazed Pork Chops with Pineapple, Watermelon and Ginger Relish | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 4 3/4-inch-thick pork loin chops, trimmed to leave 1/4-inch fat; Salt and freshly ground pepper; 1/4 teaspoon cayenne or paprika; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1 cup pineapple juice; 2 tablespoons minced gingerroot; 2 tablespoons brown sugar; 1 teaspoon cornstarch; 1 tablespoon cold water; 2 teaspoons Dijon-style mustard; 1 cup diced fresh or canned pineapple; 1 cup diced watermelon, seeded; 2 scallions, thinly sliced; 1/2 jalapeno, seeded and finely minced; 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh parsley | INSTRUCTIONS: Season the chops with salt, pepper and cayenne. In a skillet heat the oil over moderately high heat until almost smoking. Cook the pork chops until well browned on either side, about 2 to 3 minutes per side. Remove chops to a plate, cover with foil and keep warm. Deglaze the skillet with 2/3 cup pineapple juice, stirring to remove browned bits from bottom of pan. Stir in 1 tablespoon of the minced gingerroot and the brown sugar and bring sauce to a simmer. Return the chops and any juices that have collected to the skillet, reduce heat and simmer, covered, for 6 to 8 minutes until meat is cooke <END>
INPUT: Italian, parmesan, wrapped, dates, bacon, Special wooden picks
OUTPUT: TITLE: Parmesan-Stuffed Dates Wrapped in Bacon | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 18 (1- by 1/4-inch) sticks Parmigiano-Reggiano (from a 1/2-lb piece); 18 pitted dates (preferably Medjool); 6 bacon slices, cut crosswise into thirds; Special equipment: 18 wooden picks | INSTRUCTIONS: Put oven rack in middle position and preheat oven to 450°F. Stuff 1 piece of cheese into each date, then wrap 1 piece of bacon around each date, securing it with a pick. Arrange dates 1 inch apart in a shallow baking pan. Bake 5 minutes, then turn dates over with tongs and bake until bacon is crisp, 5 to 6 minutes more. Drain on a paper bag or parchment. Serve immediately. Put oven rack in middle position and preheat oven to 450°F. Stuff 1 piece of cheese into each date, then wrap 1 piece of bacon around each date, securing it with a pick. Arrange dates 1 inch apart in a shallow baking pan. Ba <END>
INPUT: salad, leaf lettuce, tomatoes, onion, English cucumber, grilled chicken breast
OUTPUT: TITLE: Classic Salad with Chicken | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 large head green-leaf lettuce (about 1 pound) shredded; 2 medium tomatoes, seeded and diced; 1/2 small red onion, thinly sliced; 1/2 English cucumber, sliced; 12 ounces grilled chicken breast, sliced; 1 whole-wheat roll (about 2 ounces) preferably day old, cut into 1/2-inch chunks; 2 teaspoons olive oil; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 1/4 teaspoon pepper; Nonstick cooking spray; 3 slices Canadian bacon (3 ounces) finely diced; 1/3 cup plain nonfat yogurt; 2 tablespoons mayonnaise; 2 tablespoons ketchup; 2 teaspoons white vinegar | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Make croutons: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Toss bread cubes with olive oil, salt and pepper and place on a baking sheet. Bake until croutons are golden and crisp, about 8 minutes. Remove from oven, and allow to cool completely. Make bacon bits: Spray a nonstick pan with cooking spray and heat over medium-high heat. Add bacon and cook until crisp, stirring frequently, about 4 to 5 minutes. Allow to cool. Make dressing: Combine the yogurt, mayonnaise, ketchup, vinegar and pickles in a bowl and stir to incorporate. Season with salt, to taste. Toss the lettuce, to <END>
INPUT: American, Granny Smith apples, vanilla bean, sugar, cinnamon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Apple Pie Egg Roll | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 8 tablespoons (1 stick) unsalted butter; 3 Granny Smith apples, peeled, cored and cut into 1/4-inch pieces; 1/2 vanilla bean, split and scraped for seeds; 1/2 cup sugar; 1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon; Pinch of salt; 2 tablespoons all-purpose flour; 2 tablespoons lemon juice (about half a lemon); Eight 6-inch square egg roll wrappers; 2 eggs, beaten; Peanut oil, for frying; Powdered sugar, for dusting | INSTRUCTIONS: For the filling: Melt the butter in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Add the apples and vanilla bean and saute for about 2 minutes. Add the sugar, cinnamon and salt to the pan and cook until the apples start to turn a light caramel-golden brown but aren't falling apart, 6 to 8 minutes. The apples should still have some tooth to them. Add the flour and cook for an additional 3 to 5 minutes, to remove the raw taste from the flour. Fold in the lemon juice. Spread the filling out in an even layer on a baking sheet and refrigerate until cold. For the egg rolls: Arrange an egg roll wrapper in  <END>
INPUT: Italian, vegetable, lasagna, Two containers skim, eggs, kosher salt, pepper, spinach
OUTPUT: TITLE: Vegetable Lasagna | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: Two 15-ounce containers part-skim ricotta; 2 large eggs; 1 teaspoon kosher salt, plus more for seasoning; 1/2 teaspoon cracked black pepper, plus more for seasoning; One 10-ounce package frozen chopped spinach, thawed, excess moisture squeezed out; 2 cups shredded mozzarella cheese; 1 1/2 cups shredded Parmesan; 1 cup fresh basil leaves, torn; 1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil; 3 cloves garlic, minced; 1 yellow onion, diced; 3/4 cup shredded carrot; 1 yellow squash, diced; 1 zucchini, diced; 6 cups store-bought or homemade marinara sauce | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. In a medium bowl, whisk together the ricotta, eggs, salt and pepper. Add the spinach and stir to combine. In a separate bowl, combine the mozzarella, Parmesan and basil. Heat a large skillet over medium-high heat and add the oil. Add the garlic and onions and cook, stirring, 1 minute. Add the carrots, yellow squash and zucchini, and cook until the vegetables are tender, 3 to 5 minutes. Season with salt and pepper. Remove from the heat and drain off any excess liquid. Spread a third of the marinara sauce over the bottom of a 9 by 13-inch baking dish. Arrange a <END>
INPUT: latte, brewed Irish breakfast, Honey, Hot milk
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tea Latte | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup freshly brewed Irish breakfast tea, such as Barry's, Lyons or Bewley's Tea; Honey, to taste; Hot whole milk, for topping | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: a milk frother Froth the milk with a milk frother according to the manufacturer's instructions. Add honey to the tea to taste. Top the tea with dollops of frothy milk. <END>
INPUT: toasts, sourdough bread, olive oil, garlic, plum tomatoes, Italian parsley
OUTPUT: TITLE: Steamed Mussels with Tomatoes and Garlic Toasts | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 8 1/2-inch-thick slices sourdough bread (each about 2 x 4 inches); 6 tablespoons olive oil; 4 tablespoons chopped garlic; 1 1/2 cups chopped seeded plum tomatoes; 1/2 cup chopped fresh Italian parsley; 3 pounds mussels, scrubbed debearded | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 375°F. Arrange bread on baking sheet. Combine 4 tablespoons oil and 2 tablespoons garlic in bowl. Using fork, mash to course paste. Spread over bread. Bake until crisp, about 10 minutes. Heat 2 tablespoons oil in a heavy large pot over medium-high heat. Add 2 tablespoons garlic; sauté 2 minutes. Add tomatoes and parsley. Reduce heat; simmer until sauce thickens, stirring often, about 10 minutes. Season with salt and pepper. Add mussels; increase heat to high. Cover; cook until mussels open, about 7 minutes (discard any mussels that do not open). Divide mussel mixture amoung sou <END>
INPUT: American, crawfish, crab, egg yolks, Creole mustard, garlic, virgin olive oil, lemon juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Ultimate Shrimp-Crawfish-Crab Croquette Burger with Garlic Aioli | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 4 egg yolks*; 2 tablespoons Creole mustard; 10 cloves fresh garlic, chopped; 1 1/2 cups extra-virgin olive oil; 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/2 teaspoon black pepper; 1/2 teaspoon cayenne pepper; 1 cup long-grain rice (recommended: Zatarain's); 4 tablespoons butter; 1/2 cup all-purpose flour; 4 eggs, lightly beaten; 1 cup finely chopped green onions; 1/2 cup finely chopped seeded jalapenos; 1 pound fresh shrimp, peeled, deveined and chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: For the aioli, combine the egg yolks, mustard and garlic cloves in a food processor. While processing, add 1 cup of the olive oil in a fine stream to make an emulsion. Add lemon juice, salt, black pepper, and cayenne, then add the remaining oil and process until thick and smooth. Refrigerate until needed. For the croquettes, cook the rice in 2 cups of boiling salted water for 20 to 25 minutes or until done. Add the butter while the rice is still hot. In a mixing bowl, stir flour and eggs to make a light batter. Add rice, green onions and jalapenos; mix well. Add shrimp, crawfish, crabmeat, lem <END>
INPUT: American, Vegetable, refrigerated sugar cookie, pure vanilla extract, semisweet chocolate chips
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mascarpone Chocolate Toffee Bars | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: Vegetable cooking spray; 1 pound refrigerated sugar cookie dough (recommended: Pillsbury); 2 (1.4-ounces) chocolate-toffee candy bars, coarsely chopped, divided (recommended: Skor); 1/2 teaspoon pure vanilla extract; 1 cup semisweet chocolate chips (recommended: Ghirardelli); 1 teaspoon vegetable oil; 1 cup (8 ounces) mascarpone cheese, at room temperature; 1/4 cup sliced almonds, toasted * see Cook's Note | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Position an oven rack in the middle of the oven. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Spray a 7 by 10 3/4-inch nonstick baking pan with vegetable cooking spray. Lay a 6 by 18-inch piece of parchment paper in the pan, allowing the excess paper to overhang the sides. Spray the parchment paper lightly with cooking spray. In a medium bowl, combine the cookie dough, 1/2 of the chopped chocolate-toffee candy pieces and vanilla extract. Using damp fingers, gently press the dough into the prepared pan. Using the tines of a fork, prick the dough all over. Bake for 12 to 14  <END>
INPUT: caipirinha, lime, superfine granulated sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Passion-Fruit Caipirinha | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 fresh lime, cut into 4 pieces; 2 teaspoons superfine granulated sugar; 3 oz (6 tablespoons) pure passion-fruit juice (preferably Looza brand); 1 1/2 oz (3 tablespoons) cachaça | INSTRUCTIONS: Add lime wedges and sugar to an 8-ounce short glass and muddle by pounding and pressing with a wooden spoon until sugar is dissolved. Fill glass with ice and add passion-fruit juice and cachaça, then stir well. Add lime wedges and sugar to an 8-ounce short glass and muddle by pounding and pressing with a wooden spoon until sugar is dissolved. Fill glass with ice and add passion-fruit juice and cachaça, then stir well. <END>
INPUT: Italian, margherita, Cornmeal, olive oil, garlic, mozzarella cheese
OUTPUT: TITLE: Margherita Pizza | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: Cornmeal, if desired; 1 can (13.8 oz) Pillsbury® refrigerated classic pizza crust or 1 can (11 oz) Pillsbury® refrigerated thin pizza crust; 2 teaspoons olive oil; 1 teaspoon finely chopped garlic; 1 1/2 cups shredded mozzarella cheese (6 oz); 1/4 cup shredded fresh Parmesan cheese; 20 (1/4-inch-thick) slices plum (Roma) tomatoes (about 6 medium); 1/3 cup thin fresh basil strips | INSTRUCTIONS: If using classic crust: Heat oven to 425 degrees F. If using thin crust: Heat oven to 400degreesF. High Altitude (3500-6500 ft): Bake up to 2 minutes longer. Spray or grease 15 x 10-inch or larger dark or nonstick cookie sheet. Sprinkle cookie sheet with cornmeal. Unroll dough on cookie sheet. Starting at center, press out dough into 15 x 10-inch rectangle. Brush dough with oil; sprinkle evenly with garlic. Sprinkle mozzarella and Parmesan cheeses over crust. Arrange tomato slices over cheese. Sprinkle with half of the basil. Bake classic crust 14 to 16 minutes, thin crust 12 to 14 minutes, or <END>
INPUT: Asian, stir, vegetables, chicken breast, sesame seeds, vegetable oil additional, shiitake mushrooms, cabbage
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sesame Chicken and Stir-Fried Vegetables | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1 whole boneless chicken breast, halved; 2 teaspoons sesame seeds; 1 tablespoon vegetable oil plus additional for brushing the grill pan; 1/4 pound fresh shiitake or white mushrooms, stems discarded and the caps sliced thin; 1/2 pound cabbage, sliced thin (about 2 cups); 1 small red bell pepper, cut into julienne strips; 2 teaspoons white-wine vinegar; 2 teaspoons soy sauce; 1 teaspoon Oriental sesame oil; 1/2 teaspoon minced peeled fresh gingerroot; 1/4 teaspoon sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: Coat the chicken with the sesame seeds and season it with salt and black pepper. Heat a ridged grill pan or heavy skillet over moderately high heat until it is hot, brush it with the additional vegetable oil, and in it sauté the chicken for 7 to 9 minutes on each side, or until it is just springy to the touch. While the chicken is cooking, in a large skillet heat the remaining 1 tablespoon vegetable oil over moderately high heat until it is hot but not smoking and in it stir-fry the mushrooms for 3 minutes. Add the cabbage and the bell pepper and stir-fry the vegetables for 5 minutes, or until <END>
INPUT: crostini, Parmesan cheese, virgin olive oil, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tomato and Olivada Crostini | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 (16-inch thin loaf) Italian or French bread, cut into 1/4-inch-thick slices; 1/3 cup freshly grated Parmesan cheese; 2 (28-ounce) cans Italian whole tomatoes, seeded and drained; 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 1 small garlic clove, chopped and mashed to a paste with 1/2 teaspoon; 2 teaspoons minced fresh parsley leaves; 1/2 teaspoon sugar; Salt and pepper; 1/3 cup olivada or other bottled black olive paste (available at specialty foods shops and some supermarkets); 50 small fresh parsley leaves, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Arrange bread slices in 1 layer on 2 baking sheets and sprinkle half with Parmesan. Toast slices in upper and lower thirds of oven until crisp and golden, 8 to 12 minutes, and cool. Crostini may be made 2 weeks ahead and kept in an airtight container at room temperature. In a colander or sieve drain tomatoes well, pressing gently on solids to squeeze out as much liquid as possible, and blot with paper towels. Chop tomatoes fine. In a bowl stir together tomatoes, oil, garlic paste, parsley, sugar, and salt and pepper, to taste. Put 1 heaping teaspoon tomato mixtur <END>
INPUT: parfaits, pumpkin pie filling, vanilla ice cream, whipped cream whipped, candied walnuts pecans
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pumpkin Parfaits | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups pumpkin pie filling (scooped from cooked pie); 2 cups vanilla ice cream or frozen yogurt, softened; 8 tablespoons whipped cream or whipped topping; 4 tablespoons candied walnuts or pecans | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Spoon 1/4 cup of pumpkin into 4 tall glasses. Top with 1/4 cup of ice cream or frozen yogurt. Repeat layers of pumpkin and ice cream. Top with whipped cream and candied nuts. <END>
INPUT: Italian, virgin olive oil, eggplant, onion, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Linguine with Eggplant | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 6 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1 lb eggplant, cut into 1/2-inch cubes; 2 cups chopped onion (2 medium); 1 tablespoon finely chopped garlic (2 cloves); 2 (14-oz) cans diced tomatoes in juice; 2 teaspoons finely chopped fresh oregano; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/4 teaspoon dried hot red pepper flakes; 1 lb dried linguine; 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh flat-leaf parsley; 2 oz finely grated Pecorino Romano (1 cup) | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat 1/4 cup oil in a 12-inch nonstick skillet over moderately high heat until beginning to smoke, then add eggplant and cook, stirring occasionally, until browned and tender, about 10minutes. Transfer to paper towels to drain. Add onion, garlic, and remaining 2 tablespoons oil to skillet and cook over moderate heat, stirring occasionally, until onion is golden, 8 to 10 minutes. Add tomatoes (including juice), oregano, salt, and red pepper flakes and simmer, uncovered, until sauce is thickened and most of liquid is evaporated, about 10 minutes. While tomato sauce is simmering, cook linguine in <END>
INPUT: orleans, Cajun seasoning, hot water, chunky tomato sauce, hot sauce
OUTPUT: TITLE: New Orleans Shrimp Pizza | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 (6.5-ounce) package pizza dough mix (recommended: Betty Crocker); 1 teaspoon Cajun seasoning; 1/2 cup hot water; 1 cup chunky tomato sauce; 1/2 teaspoon hot sauce, or more if needed; 1 teaspoon crushed garlic; 1 cup shredded mozzarella; 1/3 cup frozen chopped green pepper, thawed (recommended: PictSweet); 1/3 cup frozen chopped onion, thawed (recommended: Ore-Ida); 1/2 pound pre-peeled medium shrimp | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 450 degrees F. Lightly spray a baking sheet with olive oil cooking spray; set aside. In a medium mixing bowl combine pizza crust, Cajun seasoning, and hot water until well moistened. Beat 20 times to form a dough. Let sit while you make the sauce. In small mixing bowl, combine tomato sauce, hot sauce, and garlic; set aside. Press dough into a 12-inch circle on a baking sheet with floured fingers. Spread sauce onto dough evenly, leaving a 1-inch border. Top with cheese, peppers, onions, and shrimp. Bake in preheated oven 12 to 17 minutes or until crust is golden brown. Slice and <END>
INPUT: Asian, canola oil, flour, salt, onion, Two lobsters
OUTPUT: TITLE: 3 Pepper Lobster Stir-fry | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup canola oil; 3 cups flour; 3 tablespoons salt; 1 large white onion, thinly sliced into rings; Two 1 1/4-pound lobsters, par-cooked and cleaned; 4 ounces 3 Pepper Lobster Stir-fry Sauce, recipe follows; Lemon wedge; 2 cilantro sprigs; 1/2 cup canola oil; 4 onions, diced; 1 cup minced garlic; 3/4 cup Thai fish sauce; 1 1/4 cups balsamic vinegar; 4 tablespoons black pepper; 1 teaspoons white pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat a fryer or a deep pot halfway filled with oil to 325 degrees F. Combine flour and salt. Toss the onions in salted flour, shaking off excess flour. Fry the onions until golden brown. Reserve. Chop the lobsters into several pieces, then deep fry the heads and save for garnish. In a hot wok, add oil and stir-fry the lobster pieces for 3 minutes. Add sauce and reduce until it is a glaze. Pile lobster onto a platter and garnish with fried onions, lemon and cilantro. Combine all of the ingredients in a saucepot. Bring to a simmer over medium heat and cook until the sugar has dissolved. <END>
INPUT: carrot, soup, bacon, onion, salt, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Carrot Soup with Bacon and Dill Dumplings | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 strips bacon, cut in small squares; 1 onion, finely chopped; 1 teaspoon salt; 1 teaspoon black pepper; 1 (6 ounce) boned chicken breast, fat and sinews removed, cut into chunks; 1/2 teaspoon ground allspice; 1 large potato, peeled, boiled, riced (about 3/4 cup); 1 egg; 1/4 cup heavy cream; 1/2 cup minced fresh dill; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1 1/2 onions, sliced; 2 teaspoons salt; 1/2 teaspoon black pepper; 4 cups chicken stock | INSTRUCTIONS: Prepare the dumplings: Cook bacon in a skillet over low heat until tender, not crisp. Add onions, salt, and pepper. Cook over low heat until onions are soft, about 7 to 10 minutes. Reserve. Place chicken in a food processor fitted with the metal blade, along with the allspice, potato and egg. Process until chicken is ground, about 2 minutes. Add the cream and process until mixture is thick and sticky. Stir in the reserved Sauteed onion and bacon, along with the dill. Place mixture in a bowl, cover, and refrigerate for 30 minutes. Meanwhile, prepare the soup: Melt butter over medium-low heat in <END>
INPUT: Italian, blistered, pesto, cherry tomatoes, unsalted, garlic, olive oil, Sherry vinegar wine
OUTPUT: TITLE: Blistered Green Beans With Tomato-Almond Pesto | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 2 pints cherry tomatoes; 1/4 cup unsalted, roasted almonds; 1 garlic clove, grated; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 2 tablespoons Sherry vinegar or red wine vinegar; 1 teaspoon paprika; Pinch of cayenne pepper; Kosher salt, freshly ground pepper; 3 teaspoons vegetable oil; 2 pounds haricots verts or green beans, trimmed | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 450°F. Roast tomatoes on a rimmed baking sheet, turning once, until blistered and lightly charred, 15-20 minutes. Let cool slightly. Finely chop almonds in a food processor. Add garlic, olive oil, vinegar, paprika, cayenne, and half of tomatoes; pulse to a coarse pesto consistency. Season with salt and pepper. Heat 1 1/2 tsp. vegetable oil in a large skillet over medium-high. Add half of beans; cook, undisturbed, until beginning to blister, about 2 minutes. Toss and continue to cook, tossing occasionally, until tender, 7–9 minutes; season with salt and pepper. Spread beans out  <END>
INPUT: foster, butter, sugar, bananas, rum, banana liqueur
OUTPUT: TITLE: Bananas Foster | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tsp butter; 2 tsp sugar; 3 small bananas, thinly sliced; 2 tsp rum; 1 tsp banana liqueur; 4 sheets phyllo dough; Canola oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 400°F. In a small pan, melt butter over medium heat. Add sugar and dissolve. Add bananas and cook 1 minute. Add rum and liqueur and cook 1 minute more. Remove from heat. On a work surface lay 1 sheet of phyllo at a time with the narrow end toward you. Lightly spray or brush the sheet with oil. Fold sheet into thirds, lengthwise. Spray again with oil. Spoon 3 tbsp filling onto phyllo strip, about 1 1/2 inches from the bottom and slightly to the left. Fold up a 1 1/2-inch flap to cover filling. Fold lower left corner of phyllo diagonally to the right side of dough to cover fillin <END>
INPUT: Asian, stew, noodles, lemongrass, garlic, kaffir lime leaves, ginger, Thai chiles
OUTPUT: TITLE: Thai Beef Stew With Lemongrass and Noodles | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 4 lemongrass stalks, trimmed, tough outer layers removed, thinly sliced; 4 garlic cloves, chopped; 4 kaffir lime leaves, chopped; 2 tablespoons chopped peeled ginger; 2 red Thai chiles, with seeds, sliced; 3 pounds boneless beef chuck, cut into 2" pieces; Kosher salt, freshly ground pepper; 2 tablespoons vegetable oil; 2 whole star anise pods; 1 cinnamon stick; 1/2 cup reduced-sodium soy sauce; 1 tablespoon fish sauce (such as nam pla or nuoc nam); 1/4 cup (packed) light brown sugar; 1 cup unsweetened coconut flakes; 4 medium shallots, quartered | INSTRUCTIONS: Process lemongrass, garlic, kaffir lime leaves, ginger, and 2 chiles in a food processor until a fine paste forms. Season beef with salt and pepper. Heat oil in a large Dutch oven over medium-high heat. Working in batches, cook beef, turning occasionally, until browned, 10–15 minutes; transfer to a plate. Cook lemongrass paste in same pot, stirring often, until lemongrass is beginning to soften, 5–8 minutes. Add star anise, cinnamon, soy sauce, fish sauce, brown sugar, beef with any juices, and 10 cups water. Bring to a boil, reduce heat, and simmer, partially covered, skimming occasionallly,  <END>
INPUT: cocktail, gin, lemon juice, lemon, cucumber
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lemon-Cucumber Cocktail | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 (10-ounce) bottles club soda- in original container; 1 cup gin; 1/4 cup lemon juice, (Recommended: ReaLemon); 1 lemon, thinly sliced; 1/4 cup thinly sliced cucumber; 12 cups crushed ice; Garnish: fresh mint | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large pitcher, combine club soda, gin and lemon juice. Place a lemon slice and cucumber slice into each glass. Top with 1 cup crushed ice. Pour gin mixture into glasses. Garnish with fresh mint, if desired. <END>
INPUT: pilaf, butter, orzo pasta, rice, pinches saffron threads, chicken stock
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lamb Chops with Pomegranate Sauce and Saffron Pilaf | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons butter; 1/4 cup orzo pasta; 1 cup white rice; 2 pinches saffron threads; 1 3/4 cups chicken stock; 1 to 2 large pomegranates or 1 cup store-bought pomegranate juice; 1/2 cup red wine; 2 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce; 6 peppercorns; 3 whole cloves; 1 fresh bay leaf; 1 1/2 tablespoons cornstarch; 12 rib lamb chops; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the broiler and arrange the oven rack 8 inches from the broiler. Heat a large sauce pot over medium heat. Add the butter and let it melt, then add the orzo and stir. Toast the pasta until golden brown, 3 minutes, then add the rice and stir to combine. Add the saffron threads and stir in the stock. Bring the liquid to a boil, then reduce the heat to a simmer and cover the pot with a tight-fitting lid. Cook the rice until tender, about 15 to 18 minutes. Meanwhile, roll the pomegranate on the counter while applying pressure for a minute. Hold the pomegranate over a small pot and cut into  <END>
INPUT: tamales, corn, pepper dice, sour cream, milk, cornmeal
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fresh Corn and Red Pepper Tamales | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 8 ears of corn (enough for 24 corn husks and 1 1/2 cups fresh corn kernels); 1/2 cup red pepper dice; 1/2 cup sour cream; 1/2 cup milk; 3 tablespoons cornmeal; 1/2 teaspoon baking powder; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/2 teaspoon cayenne pepper; Sour cream and paprika for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Remove the husks from the corn, saving the large inner ones and discarding the very outer and the small inside husks (you'll need 3 husks for each tamale). In a large bowl, cover the husks with enough hot water to cover and leave to soak. With a sharp knife over a large mixing bowl, remove the corn kernels from the cobs saving all the juices. You should have about 1 1/2 cups of corn. Add the red pepper, sour cream, milk, cornmeal, baking powder, salt and cayenne pepper to the bowl and stir to mix. Drain the husks thoroughly in a colander and pat dry with paper towels. Place approximately 1/4 c <END>
INPUT: Asian, spring, vegetables, olive oil, chicken breast, Salt pepper, tofu, broccoli florets
OUTPUT: TITLE: Soy-Glazed Chicken and Tofu with Spring Vegetables | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 4 tablespoons olive oil; 1 large chicken breast, skin removed, diced into 1-inch pieces; Salt and pepper, to season; 3 ounces firm tofu, cut into 1-inch cubes and lightly dusted with flour; 2 ounces broccoli florets, chopped; 2 ounces fresh snap peas; 1/3 cup honey; 1/4 cup reduced-sodium soy sauce; 3 ounces shelled edamame beans; 1 pinch red pepper flakes | INSTRUCTIONS: Set a saute pan with 2 tablespoons of the olive oil over medium-high heat. Season the chicken with salt and pepper and, once oil starts to smoke lightly, place the chicken into the hot pan. Saute the chicken until it is cooked through. Remove the chicken from the pan and set aside. Wipe the pan clean and set it back over medium-high heat. Add the remaining 2 tablespoons olive oil. Once the oil begins to lightly smoke again, add the floured tofu and saute until golden brown on all sides. Remove the tofu from the pan and set it aside. Next, add the broccoli and peas to the pan and saute until te <END>
INPUT: American, meatloaf, tomato sauce, eggs, sage, salt, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sausage and Bell Pepper Meatloaf | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 15–ounce can tomato sauce, divided; 2 large eggs; 1 1/2 teaspoons dried sage, divided; 1 teaspoon salt; 3/4 teaspoon coarsely ground black pepper, divided; 1 1/4 pounds lean (15% fat) ground beef; 1 12–ounce roll breakfast sausage; 1 1/2 cups chopped onion; 1 1/2 cups chopped green bell pepper; 1/2 cup finely crushed crackers (such as Ritz); 2 large garlic cloves, minced | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350°F. Whisk 1/2 cup tomato sauce, eggs, 1 teaspoon sage, salt, and 1/2 teaspoon pepper in large bowl. Add ground beef, sausage, onion, bell pepper, cracker crumbs, and garlic; blend well. Pack mixture into 9x5x3–inch loaf pan. Mix remaining tomato sauce, 1/2 teaspoon sage, and 1/4 teaspoon pepper in small bowl; pour over meatloaf. Bake meatloaf until thermometer inserted into center registers 160°F, about 1 hour 10 minutes. Preheat oven to 350°F. Whisk 1/2 cup tomato sauce, eggs, 1 teaspoon sage, salt, and 1/2 teaspoon pepper in large bowl. Add ground beef, sausage, onion, bel <END>
INPUT: puree, croutons, celery roots, russet potatoes, low salt chicken, milk, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Celery Root and Potato Puree with Roasted Jerusalem Artichoke "Croutons" | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 medium celery roots (celeriac; 1 3/4 pounds total), trimmed, peeled, cut into 1-inch cubes (about 8 cups); 1 pound russet potatoes, peeled, cut into 3/4-inch cubes (about 3 cups); 2 cups low-salt chicken broth; 2 cups whole milk; 3 garlic cloves, peeled; 3 fresh thyme sprigs; 1 fresh bay leaf; 4 tablespoons (1/2 stick) unsalted butter, divided; 8 ounces Jerusalem artichokes (also called sunchokes), scrubbed; 1/2 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil; 1 teaspoon chopped fresh thyme (for garnish); Ingredient info: Jerusalem artichokes, the tubers of a variety of sunflower, are available in the produce section of some supermarkets and at farmers' | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine first 7 ingredients in heavy large pot. Add enough water to cover. Sprinkle with salt. Bring to boil, reduce heat to medium, and simmer with lid slightly ajar until vegetables are tender, 15 to 20 minutes. Drain; return to pot. Discard thyme sprigs and bay leaf. Stir over medium heat to dry vegetables. Using potato masher, mash vegetables until coarsely pureed. Mash in 3 1/2 tablespoons butter. Season with salt and pepper. DO AHEAD: Can be made 1 day ahead. Transfer to microwave-safe bowl; cover and chill. Rewarm in microwave before serving. Preheat oven to 425°F. Cut Jerusalem articho <END>
INPUT: mini, waffles, Canola oil, all purpose flour, cornstarch, kosher salt, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mini Fried Chicken and Cheddar Jalapeno Waffles | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Canola oil, for frying; 1 1/4 cups all-purpose flour; 2 tablespoons cornstarch; 2 teaspoons kosher salt; 1 teaspoon cracked black pepper; 1 cup buttermilk; 1 1/2 pounds chicken tenders, cut into bite-size (about 1-inch) pieces; 1 cup all-purpose flour; 1 cup cornmeal; 1 tablespoon sugar; 1 tablespoon baking powder; 1 jalapeno, seeded and diced; 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt; 2 cups grated sharp Cheddar; 2 large eggs | INSTRUCTIONS: In a deep, medium-size pot, heat about 3 inches of oil over medium heat until temperature reads 350°F on a thermometer. Meanwhile, make the waffles. In a large mixing bowl, whisk together the flour, cornmeal, sugar, baking powder, jalapeno, salt and 1 cup of the grated cheese. In a separate mixing bowl, beat the eggs, then whisk in the buttermilk and vegetable oil. Incorporate the wet ingredients into the dry ingredients and mix just until combined. Heat a waffle iron and spray with nonstick spray. Pour 1 1/2 cups of the batter into the waffle iron and cook until golden brown, about 5 minutes. <END>
INPUT: pavlovas, egg whites, superfine baker's sugar, sea salt, cream tartar, lemon zest
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lemon Pavlovas with Berries | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 egg whites, at room temperature; 1 cup superfine baker's sugar; 1/4 teaspoon sea salt; 1/4 teaspoon cream of tartar; 2 tablespoons lemon zest (from 2 large lemons); 1 cup fresh raspberries; 1 cup fresh blackberries or blueberries, see Cook's Note; 2 tablespoons sugar; 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice; 1 cup mascarpone cheese, at room temperature; 2 tablespoons sugar; 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Pavlovas: Put an oven rack in the center of the oven. Preheat the oven to 200 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper. Set aside. In a stand mixer fitted with the whisk attachment, beat the egg whites until thick, about 2 minutes. With the machine on medium-high speed, gradually add the sugar, about 1 tablespoon at a time. Add the salt, cream of tartar and lemon zest. Increase the speed to high and beat until the mixture holds stiff peaks, about 3 to 4 minutes. Drop 8 (1/2) cupfuls of the mixture onto the prepared baking sheet about 2 inches apart. Us <END>
INPUT: browned, unsalted butter, shallot, lemon juice, parsley leaves, bottled capers
OUTPUT: TITLE: Snapper with Browned Butter and Capers | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1 shallot, minced; 2 teaspoons fresh lemon juice; 2 tablespoons minced fresh parsley leaves; 1 tablespoon drained bottled capers, minced; 2 teaspoons finely chopped lemon pulp; 1 teaspoon freshly grated lemon zest; two 1/2-pound red snapper fillets; lemon slices for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350°F. In a small skillet cook butter over moderate heat until it begins to brown and stir in shallot. Cook shallot until softened but not browned, about 2 minutes. Remove skillet from heat and stir in lemon juice. In a small bowl stir together parsley, capers, lemon pulp, and zest. Put fish fillets in a jelly-roll pan, skin sides down, and sprinkle with salt and pepper to taste. Brush fillets with butter mixture and sprinkle with parsley mixture. Bake fillets in middle of oven until just cooked through, about 12 minutes, and garnish with lemon slices. Preheat oven to 350°F. In <END>
INPUT: brothy, soup, smoked turkey wings, onions, carrots, garlic, rutabaga
OUTPUT: TITLE: Brothy Pumpkin Soup with Pancetta and Cabbage | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 pounds smoked turkey wings, or ham hocks; 2 onions, quartered; 2 carrots, roughly chopped; 1/2 head garlic; 1 pound rutabaga, peeled and roughly chopped; 2 celery stalks, roughly chopped; 2 bay leaves; 1 pumpkin or 2 medium butternut squash (5 pounds total), split, seeded, peeled, and cut into 2-inch pieces; 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil, plus 2 tablespoons and more for drizzling; 1/2 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg; 2 tablespoons minced sage leaves, plus 6 whole leaves, halved; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 pound pancetta, cut into 1-inch pieces; 3 garlic cloves, minced; 1 onion, finely chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Start by making a turkey broth. In a large stockpot, combine the turkey wings, onions, carrots, garlic, rutabaga, celery, bay leaves, and 1 gallon cold water (or enough to cover by at least 3 inches). Bring the water to a boil, reduce the heat and simmer for 45 minutes, skimming when you feel like it to remove any impurities that float to the top. Remove from the heat and strain into a large pot or bowl, pressing on the vegetables and meat to extract as much flavor as possible. Discard the vegetables, turkey, and herbs. Cool the broth to room temperature before s <END>
INPUT: souffles, unsalted butter, Parmigiano Reggiano, all purpose flour, milk
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tomato and Cheddar Souffles | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons unsalted butter plus 1 teaspoon, melted; 1/2 oz Parmigiano-Reggiano, finely grated with a rasp (1/2 cup); 4 (1/4-inch-thick) center-cut slices from a small tomato; 2 tablespoons all-purpose flour; 1 cup whole milk; 1/8 teaspoon salt; 1/8 teaspoon black pepper; 1/8 teaspoon cayenne; 2 oz coarsely shredded sharp Cheddar (1/2 cup) plus 2 tablespoons for sprinkling; 2 large eggs, separated; Special equipment: 4 (6-oz) ovenproof custard cups or ramekins | INSTRUCTIONS: Put oven rack in middle position and preheat oven to 400°F. Brush custard cups with 1 teaspoon melted butter (total), then coat each with 1 tablespoon Parmigiano-Reggiano. Put 1 tomato slice in bottom of each cup and arrange cups in a shallow baking pan. Heat remaining 2 tablespoons butter in a 1 1/2-quart heavy saucepan over moderate heat until foam subsides, then whisk in flour. Cook roux, whisking, 1 minute, then whisk in milk, salt, pepper, and cayenne. Bring to a boil over moderate heat, whisking constantly, and boil until thickened, 3 to 4 minutes. Remove from heat and whisk in 1/2 cup C <END>
INPUT: smokey, bacon, sugar, five spice powder, cayenne
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sweet Spicy Smokey Roasted Almonds | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 8 strips bacon; 8 tablespoons (1 stick) butter; 1 cup packed brown sugar; 4 teaspoons five-spice powder; 1 teaspoon cayenne; 1 teaspoon kosher salt; 8 cups raw almonds | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the oven to 300 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with aluminum foil. In a large skillet, cook the bacon over medium heat until crispy, 5 to 7 minutes. Remove and drain on paper towels. When cool enough to handle, chop the bacon into small pieces. Set aside. Meanwhile, pour off most of the bacon fat from the hot skillet and add the butter. Add the sugar, five-spice powder, cayenne and salt and stir until the sugar dissolves and everything is combined. Add the almonds and stir to coat. Spread the nuts on the prepared baking sheet and bake until golden brown,  <END>
INPUT: twister, ghost peppers, Roma tomato, habanero peppers, onion, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spicy Potato Twister | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 12 dried ghost peppers, stems removed; 2 Roma tomato, quartered; 4 fresh habanero peppers, stems removed; 1 white onion, chopped; 1/2 teaspoon salt, plus more for seasoning; 1/4 cup store-bought ghost pepper sauce; Freshly ground black pepper; 2 large russet potatoes, cleaned; 1/4 cup sour cream; 2 green onions, chopped; 2 pickled jalapenos, sliced; 1/2 cup cheese sauce | INSTRUCTIONS: In a medium saucepan, add 2 cups water, the ghost peppers, habaneros, tomato, onions and salt. Place over medium heat and simmer for 45 minutes. Allow the mixture to completely cool, and then place in a blender with the ghost pepper sauce and blend until smooth. Adjust the seasoning with salt and pepper if needed. Set the sauce aside. Preheat a deep-fryer to 350 degrees F. Using a spiral slicer, spiral cut the russet potatoes into long ribbons. Carefully place the potato ribbons into the heated oil and fry until golden brown, about 3 minutes. Remove from the oil and allow to drain on paper tow <END>
INPUT: vegetable oil, smoked ham tasso, onion, garlic, ketchup
OUTPUT: TITLE: Baked Beans with Bacon Breadcrumbs | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon vegetable oil; 8 ounces smoked ham or tasso, diced; 1 large onion, chopped; 2 garlic cloves, minced; 2 cups ketchup; 1 cup (packed) light brown sugar; 3/4 cup mild-flavored (light) molasses; 1/2 cup whole grain mustard; 1/4 cup Worcestershire sauce; 1 tablespoon hot pepper sauce; 1/2 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes; Kosher salt, freshly ground pepper; 3 15-ounce cans navy beans, drained, rinsed; 4 ounces bacon (4-5 slices); 1 cup panko (Japanese breadcrumbs) | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350°F. Heat oil in a large heavy wide pot over high heat; add ham, onion, and garlic. Cook, stirring often, until onion caramelizes, about 5 minutes. Reduce heat to low. Add ketchup, next 6 ingredients, and 4 cups water to pot; season to taste with salt and pepper. Let sauce simmer until slightly thickened, 10-15 minutes. Stir beans into sauce. Cover and bake beans until juices are bubbly and thickened, about 2 hours. Meanwhile, place bacon slices on a rimmed baking sheet. Roast in oven until crisp, 10-15 minutes. Transfer to paper towels to drain. Let bacon cool and reserve 1  <END>
INPUT: anchovies, virgin olive oil, anchovy fillets, chile pepper, garlic, kale
OUTPUT: TITLE: Kale with Garlic, Anchovies and Ale | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 4 anchovy fillets; 1 chile pepper, thinly sliced; 3 to 4 cloves garlic, thinly sliced; 1 large bunch or black kale, lacinato or dinosaur, stemmed and thickly shredded; 1 cup ale; Freshly grated nutmeg; Salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat extra-virgin olive oil in a small skillet over medium to medium-high heat. Add the anchovies and let them melt into the oil. Add the chile and garlic and cook for 2 minutes. Stir in the kale and let it wilt, turning it in the chile and garlic with tongs. Douse the pan with the ale and toss for 1 to 2 minutes more, than add nutmeg, and salt and pepper, to taste. Transfer the kale to a serving bowl and serve. <END>
INPUT: Indian, soup, virgin olive oil, garlic, flat leaf parsley, chile peppers
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lentil and Tomato Soup | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup/ 50 ml extra-virgin olive oil; 2 cloves garlic, chopped; 1 bunch fresh flat-leaf parsley, leaves picked and chopped; 1 (15-ounce/441 ml) can peeled plum tomatoes; 2 fresh chile peppers, chopped; 1 (19-ounce/540 ml) can lentils, drained and rinsed; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; Water, optional | INSTRUCTIONS: In a saucepan, heat olive oil. Add garlic, parsley and chile peppers and saute for a few minutes. Add plum tomatoes and juices from the tin. With the back of a wooden spoon, break up the tomatoes into little chunks. Add the lentils, salt, and pepper. Add the water and allow to cook for approximately 15 to 20 minutes, until the soup has thickened. <END>
INPUT: punch, loose Earl Grey, honey, thyme, rosemary, lemon juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Earl Grey–Bourbon Punch | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup loose Earl Grey tea or 4 bags; 1/2 cup honey; 4 sprigs thyme; 2 sprigs rosemary, plus more for garnish; 1 cup fresh lemon juice; 1 1/2 cups bourbon; 1/2 cup Cognac or brandy; 1 teaspoon orange or regular bitters; Ice ring and lemon wheels (for serving) | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine tea and 1 1/4 cups boiling water in a heatproof bowl. Let steep 5 minutes, then strain through a fine-mesh sieve into a measuring glass (you should have 1 cup). Let cool. Meanwhile, bring honey, thyme, 2 rosemary sprigs, and 1/2 cup water to a gentle simmer over medium heat, stirring to combine. Let cool; discard herbs. Combine tea, honey syrup, lemon juice, bourbon, Cognac, and bitters in a large pitcher or punch bowl. Add 2 cups ice and stir until ice is melted and punch is very cold. Serve punch in tumblers filled with ice, garnished with rosemary sprigs and lemon wheels. Combine te <END>
INPUT: American, blazin, buttermilk, packets, hot pepper sauce, chicken wings, cheese dressing
OUTPUT: TITLE: Blazin' Buttermilk Wings | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 quart buttermilk; 2 packets (1.06 ounces each) buffalo wing seasoning, McCormick©; 1/4 cup hot pepper sauce, Tabasco®; 4 pounds chicken wings; Blue cheese dressing, for dipping, Bob's Big Boy®; Celery Sticks; Cucumber slices | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. In a large bowl, combine buttermilk, wing seasoning and hot pepper sauce. Add wings; toss to coat. Cover in a plastic wrap and marinate in the refrigerator at least 3 hours, preferably overnight. 2. Set up grill for direct cooking over medium-high heat (see page 19). Oil grate when ready to start cooking. 3. Remove wings from refrigerator; let stand at room temperature about 30 minutes. Remove from marinade; discard marinade. 4. Place on hot, oiled grill. Cook for 12 to 18 minutes or until cooked through, turning occasionally. 5. Serve with bleu cheese dressing, celery sticks and cucumber s <END>
INPUT: parfait, mayonnaise, ketchup, cayenne pepper, mustard, shallot
OUTPUT: TITLE: Crab Parfait | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons mayonnaise; 1/2 teaspoon ketchup; Pinch cayenne pepper; 1/2 teaspoon dry mustard; 1 shallot, minced; 1/2 lemon, juiced; 1 tablespoon chopped parsley; Salt and pepper, to taste; 1 pound crabmeat, shredded; 1 tablespoon capers; 2 mangoes, diced; 2 cups baby mixed greens, chopped fine; Toasted baguette slices | INSTRUCTIONS: To make the dressing, whisk together mayonnaise, ketchup, cayenne, dry mustard, shallot, lemon juice, and parsley. Season the dressing with salt and pepper. Fold in the crabmeat and capers, turn to coat. Using a clear parfait glass or champagne glass, scoop a heaping tablespoon of the diced mangoes on the bottom of the glass. Press down slightly with a spoon. Add a layer of crabmeat on top, pressing down again, followed by a layer of chopped mixed greens. Repeat the layers. After the last layer of greens, spoon a final mound of crab salad on top. Repeat with remaining 3 glasses. Serve with toa <END>
INPUT: pimient, shallot, lemon juice, Sherry wine vinegar, lime peel, mayonnaise
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pimient d'Espelette Mayonnaise | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 tablespoons finely chopped shallot; 2 teaspoons fresh lemon juice; 2 teaspoons Sherry wine vinegar; 1 1/2 teaspoons finely grated lime peel; 1 cup mayonnaise; 1 teaspoon piment d'Espelette; Coarse sea salt; Freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine shallot, lemon juice, vinegar, and lime peel in medium bowl. Cover; let stand 30 minutes. Whisk in mayonnaise and piment d'Espelette. Season with salt and pepper. Cover; chill 2 hours. DO AHEAD: Can be made 1 day ahead. Keep chilled. Combine shallot, lemon juice, vinegar, and lime peel in medium bowl. Cover; let stand 30 minutes. Whisk in mayonnaise and piment d'Espelette. Season with salt and pepper. Cover; chill 2 hours. DO AHEAD: Can be made 1 day ahead. Keep chilled. <END>
INPUT: American, spread, bacon, pecan, firmly cheddar, cream cheese, mayonnaise
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pecan-Cheese Spread | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 4 bacon slices; 3/4 cup pecan pieces; 2 cups firmly packed grated cheddar; 4 ounces cream cheese, room temperature; 2 tablespoons mayonnaise; 1/8 teaspoon hot pepper sauce (such as Tabasco); 1/8 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce; 3 green onions, sliced; Crackers | INSTRUCTIONS: Fry bacon in heavy large skillet over medium heat until crisp. Transfer to paper towel to cool. Add pecans to drippings and cook until golden brown, stirring occasionally, about 5 minutes. Transfer to paper towel to cool. Season with salt. Blend cheddar, cream cheese, mayonnaise, hot pepper sauce and Worcestershire sauce in processor until smooth. Transfer to bowl and stir in green onions. Crumble bacon and add to mixture. Line cookie sheet with plastic, forming 8-inch strip. Freeze 20 minutes to firm slightly. Using plastic as aid, form log shape. Remove plastic; roll log in pecans to coat. W <END>
INPUT: American, chicken tenders, sweet paprika, sage, oregano, Salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Easy Chicken Pot Pie | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 pounds chicken tenders (about 10 tenders); 1/2 teaspoon sweet paprika; 1/2 teaspoon dried sage; 1/4 teaspoon dried oregano; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1 cup frozen pearl onions; 1 cup frozen peas and diced carrots; 2 cloves garlic, minced; 2 tablespoons all-purpose flour; 2 cups low-sodium chicken stock; 1 cup heavy cream; 1 store bought pie crust, unbaked and thawed if frozen; 1 egg, lightly beaten | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Special equipment: 10-inch cast-iron pan Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Sprinkle the chicken tenders with paprika, sage, oregano, salt and pepper. Heat a 10-inch cast-iron pan over medium-high heat and add the olive oil. When the oil begins to swirl, add the seasoned chicken and saute until cooked through, about 4 minutes on the first side and 3 minutes on the second side. Remove the chicken to a plate with tongs, leaving the oil in the pan. Rest the chicken for a few minutes, and then chop into 1/2-inch cubes. To the same pan, add the onions and peas and car <END>
INPUT: sunken, cupcakes, blanched almonds, bittersweet semisweet chocolate, eggs, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sunken Chocolate-Orange Cupcakes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup blanched almonds; 8 ounces bittersweet or semisweet chocolate, chopped; 1/2 cup (1 stick) unsalted butter; 4 large eggs, separated; 1 cup sugar, divided; 2 teaspoons finely grated orange peel; Whipped cream or vanilla ice cream | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350°F. Place almonds in processor. Using on/off turns, blend until nuts are coarsely ground. Line 12-cup muffin pan with paper liners. Microwave chocolate and butter in small bowl on high 30 seconds; stir. Microwave until almost melted, about 30 seconds longer. Stir to combine. Cool chocolate mixture until barely lukewarm but still liquid, about 5 minutes. Whisk egg yolks and 3/4 cup sugar in large bowl until blended. Mix in orange peel, ground almonds, and chocolate mixture. Using electric mixer, beat egg whites and remaining 1/4 cup sugar in another large bowl until mixture i <END>
INPUT: cookies, all purpose flour, almond flour, arrowroot, sugar, lavender
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lavender and Lemon Cookies | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 cup all-purpose flour; 1/2 cup almond flour; 2 tablespoons arrowroot; 2 tablespoons sugar; 1 tablespoon dried lavender; 1/2 teaspoon fine sea salt; 1/2 teaspoon baking soda; 1 stick unsalted butter, cut into 1/2-inch pieces, chilled; 1 large lemon, zested; 2 tablespoons honey; 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Place an oven rack in the center of the oven. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper. In a food processor, pulse together the flours, arrowroot, sugar, lavender, salt and baking soda. Add the butter and lemon zest. Pulse until the mixture forms a coarse meal. Add the honey and lemon juice. Pulse until the mixture forms a soft dough. Form the dough into 1-inch round balls and press into discs, about 1 1/2 inches in diameter and 1/4-inch thick. Arrange in a single layer on the prepared baking sheet. Bake until light brown around <END>
INPUT: Indian, soup, water, chicken breast, snow peas, grapeseed coconut oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Thai Curry Chicken Noodle Soup | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 8 cups water; 1 pound boneless skinless chicken breast; 1/2 pound snow peas, trimmed and cut crosswise in half; 1 (5 3/4-ounce) package pad Thai noodles or wide rice noodles; 1 tablespoon grapeseed or coconut oil; 1/4 cup thinly sliced shallots; 2 teaspoons red curry paste; 1 1/2 teaspoons madras curry powder; 1/2 teaspoon ground turmeric; 1/2 teaspoon ground coriander; 2 garlic cloves, minced; 6 cups chicken broth; 1 cup light coconut milk; 1 cup unsweetened almond milk; 2 tablespoons palm sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring 4 cups of the water to a boil in a large sauce pot over medium heat. Add the chicken breast, reduce the heat and simmer until cooked through, about 15 to 20 minutes. Remove from the pot to a cutting board or bowl and set aside until cool enough to handle. Shred the chicken with a fork and set aside. Bring the remaining 4 cups of water to a boil in a large sauce pot over medium heat. Add peas and cook for 30 seconds. Remove peas from pot with a slotted spoon and divide them between the serving bowls. Add the noodles to the pot and cook for 6 minutes. Drain and add noodles to the peas in t <END>
INPUT: mash, Yukon gold potatoes, parsnips, Kosher salt, half half
OUTPUT: TITLE: Parsnip-Potato Mash | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 1/2 pounds Yukon gold potatoes, peeled and coarsely chopped; 1 1/2 pounds parsnips (about 8 small), peeled and chopped; Kosher salt; 1/2 cup (1 stick) unsalted butter; 3/4 cup half-and-half; Freshly ground black pepper; Finely chopped chives, for garnish, optional | INSTRUCTIONS: Put the potatoes and parsnips in a large heavy-bottomed saucepan, cover with cold water and salt it generously. Bring the potatoes to a boil over high heat; reduce heat to medium and simmer until fork tender, 20 to 25 minutes. Put the butter and half-and-half in a small saucepan over medium-low heat until the butter is melted and the mixture is hot. Drain the potatoes and parsnips well and return them to the hot pan. Stir the vegetables in the pan to dry them out a bit. Add the hot butter mixture and season with salt and pepper. Mash with a potato masher until smooth. Transfer to a serving bow <END>
INPUT: milk, heavy cream, coconut milk, coconut flakes, egg yolks
OUTPUT: TITLE: Coconut Ice Cream | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups milk; 2 cups heavy cream; 2 cups coconut milk; 1 cup coconut flakes, toasted; 8 egg yolks; 11/2 cups sugar; Pinch salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring milk, heavy cream, coconut milk, and coconut flakes to simmer in heavy saucepan for a few minutes. Allow to steep for 10 minutes. Whisk the egg yolks, sugar, and salt together, long enough to dissolve the sugar. Temper hot liquid into egg mixture. Return all back into saucepan over low heat, stirring all the while, until mixture starts to thicken. Strain through a chinois. Chill immediately over ice bath. Churn in a standard ice cream machine. <END>
INPUT: onions, bacon grease, onion, garlic, wine vinegar, pepper flakes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sauteed Spinach with Bacon and Onions | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon bacon grease; 1/2 yellow onion, finely diced; 3 cloves garlic, minced; 1 tablespoon red wine vinegar; Pinch of crushed red pepper flakes (for a little spice because Trisha likes it); Salt and ground black pepper; 12 ounces baby spinach | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. In a large saute pan, melt the bacon grease over medium heat. Add the onion and garlic and stir to cook until the onions are very soft, about 5 minutes. Add the vinegar, crushed red pepper flakes, salt and pepper and stir; add the spinach and toss it around, cooking until it's just wilted, 1 to 2 minutes. Serve immediately so the spinach is wilted but not soggy. <END>
INPUT: carpaccio, zucchini, Kosher salt pepper, virgin olive oil, lemon, leek
OUTPUT: TITLE: Zucchini Carpaccio | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 medium zucchini; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil; 1/2 lemon, juiced; 1 leek, white part only, sliced thinly; 1/4 pound piece Parmesan; Fresh mint leaves, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Using a mandolin or a very sharp knife, slice zucchini into very thin rounds. Overlap zucchini disks in 1 layer on a plate; season with salt and pepper. Drizzle over the olive oil and lemon juice and scatter with leeks. Using a mandoline or a vegetable peeler, shave very thin slices of Parmesan and place them over leeks. Garnish with mint leaves. Serve immediately. <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, saganaki, ouzo, water, millet, bay leaf, fine sea salt, virgin olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Greek Millet Saganaki with Shrimp and Ouzo | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/4 cups water; 3/4 cup millet; 1 bay leaf; Pinch of fine sea salt; 1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil; 1 cup finely chopped yellow onion (about 1 small); 1 clove garlic, peeled and slightly crushed; 1 small hot green chile, minced (optional); 1/4 teaspoon fine sea salt; 2 tablespoons tomato paste; 1 (28-ounce) can whole tomatoes, crushed in a bowl; 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 1/2 cup green pimiento-stuffed olives, halved if large; 4 ounces coarsely crumbled Greek feta cheese (about 1 cup), preferably sheep's milk; 1 pound jumbo shell-on shrimp, deveined and patted dry | INSTRUCTIONS: 1 To prepare the millet, bring the water, millet, bay leaf, and salt to a boil in a 2-quart saucepan. Decrease the heat to maintain a simmer, cover, and cook until the water is absorbed, about 15 minutes. Remove from the heat and let sit, covered, for 5 to 10 minutes. Uncover, remove the bay leaf, and set aside to cool. 2 Meanwhile, make the saganaki. Heat the olive oil in a large Dutch oven or large heavy-bottomed saucepan over medium heat until it shimmers. Add the onion, garlic, chile, and salt; cook, stirring frequently, until the onion softens and turns light golden, about 5 minutes. Add  <END>
INPUT: American, frittata, unsalted butter, onion, kosher salt, pepper, eggs
OUTPUT: TITLE: Onion, Ham, and Cheese Frittata | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1 large onion, sliced; 3/4 teaspoon kosher salt; Freshly ground black pepper; 8 large eggs; 1/4 cup milk; 1 cup diced ham; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh herbs, like parsley, thyme, or dill; 1 cup grated Swiss or cheddar cheese | INSTRUCTIONS: Position a rack about 8 inches from the broiler and preheat. Melt the butter in a medium non-stick skillet over medium heat. Add the onions and season with 1/2 teaspoon salt and some pepper. Cook, stirring occasionally, until the onions get very soft, about 15 minutes. Meanwhile, whisk the eggs and milk in a medium bowl with the remaining 1/4 teaspoon salt and some pepper until smooth. Transfer onions to a bowl to cool. Reserve the skillet. Stir the onions, ham, herbs and cheese into the eggs. Heat the non-stick skillet. Pour the frittata mixture into the pan and stir to make sure the fillings <END>
INPUT: all purpose flour, seafood seasoning, salt, pepper, tilapia fillets
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pan Fried Tilapia | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup all-purpose flour; 2 teaspoons seafood seasoning; 1 teaspoon salt; 1/2 teaspoon fresh ground black pepper; 1 1/2 pounds fresh tilapia fillets; 2 tablespoons canola oil; 2 tablespoons butter; 1 teaspoon chopped garlic; 2 tablespoons lemon juice; 2 tablespoons freshly chopped parsley leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Heat oven to 300 degrees F. In a shallow baking dish combine flour, seafood seasoning, salt and pepper. Add the tilapia and lightly coat each side. Heat oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Shake off any excess seasoned flour and place in the skillet. Brown on both sides, about 2 to 3 minutes per side. Place tilapia on a baking sheet that is lined with a paper grocery bag or paper towels and keep warm in the oven while you prepare the sauce. Turn down the heat to the pan the tilapia was cooked to low and add the butter. Once the butter is melted, add the <END>
INPUT: Asian, orange, cornstarch, light soy sauce, dark soy sauce
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tangerine Beef | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 5 (about 1-inch-square) pieces dried tangerine peel; 1 orange; 1 teaspoon cornstarch; 1 tablespoon light soy sauce; 1 tablespoon dark soy sauce; 2 tablespoons Shaoxing rice wine or dry sherry; 1 tablespoon minced fresh ginger; 1 pound beef flank steak, thinly sliced against the grain into 2-inch-long strips; 3 tablespoons vegetable oil; 1/2 teaspoon Sichuan peppercorns; 1 dried red chile, seeded and chopped; 3 green onions, green and white parts kept separate, chopped into 1/2-inch segments; 2 teaspoons hoisin sauce; 1 teaspoon chili bean sauce; 1 teaspoon sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: Soak the tangerine peel in warm water for 1 hour to rehydrate, then drain. Peel the orange and use a spoon to scrape away as much of the white pith as possible. Reserve the fruit for another use. Bring a small pot of water to a boil. Blanch the orange peel in the water for 6 minutes to get rid of any bitterness, and then slice into slivers. Dissolve the cornstarch in a large bowl with the light soy sauce, dark soy sauce, 1 tablespoon of the rice wine, and ginger. Add the beef and toss so that all the strips are coated, then marinate, covered, in the fridge for 20 minutes. Heat 2 tablespoons of <END>
INPUT: shrimp, salt pepper, garlic, olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Shrimp with Sun-Dried Tomatoes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 pounds medium shrimp, shelled and butterflied; 1/2 teaspoon salt and pepper; 1 tablespoon finely-minced garlic; 1 (2-ounce) tin flat fillets of anchovies; 1 1/2 tablespoons plus 1/4 cup olive oil; 2 tablespoons freshly-squeezed lemon juice; 2 tablespoons toasted pine nuts; 1/2 cup marinated sun-dried tomatoes, cut into large shreds; 1/4 cup capers; 1/2 cup torn basil leaves, firmly packed | INSTRUCTIONS: Toss shrimp with salt, 2 teaspoons of garlic and 1 1/2 tablespoons olive oil. Season with fresh ground pepper. Refrigerate for 1 hour. Prepare dressing: In the workbowl of a food processor puree anchovies, including the oil from the tin, and lemon juice. With motor running, slowly drip in 1/4 cup olive oil. Thin with 2 tablespoons cold water to make a smooth, medium-thin dressing. If it's too thick, thin with a little more water. Prepare a very hot charcoal fire or preheat broiler. Grill shrimp on a fine-mesh grill over coals, turning them once. Remove them as soon as they turn opaque, 2 to 3  <END>
INPUT: dressing, sugar, salt, wine vinegar, onion juice, olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Poppy Seed Dressing | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/3 cup sugar; 1 teaspoon salt; 1/3 cup wine vinegar; 2 teaspoons onion juice; 1 cup olive oil; 1 1/2 tablespoons poppy seed | INSTRUCTIONS: Dissolve the sugar, salt and mustard in the vinegar. Add the onion juice and oil. Beat until the dressing is well blended. Stir in the poppy seed and shake well. Dissolve the sugar, salt and mustard in the vinegar. Add the onion juice and oil. Beat until the dressing is well blended. Stir in the poppy seed and shake well. <END>
INPUT: herb, garlic, onion, bay leaves, each thyme
OUTPUT: TITLE: Herb Roasted Chicken | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 (5 to 6) pound roasting chicken; 4 cloves garlic, crushed; 1 medium onion, coarsely chopped; 3 bay leaves; 1 tablespoon each of dried thyme, rosemary and sage; 3 tablespoons olive oil; Salt and freshly ground black pepper to taste; Several sprigs fresh thyme, rosemary and sage; 1 cup chicken broth; Butcher's twine | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees and place a heavy roasting pan to pre-heat in the oven. Season the inside of the chicken cavity with salt and pepper. Put the crushed garlic, chopped onion and dry herbs inside the cavity of the chicken. Using the twine, tie the legs closed. Use the olive oil to rub the entire outside of the chicken with an even coat of oil. Pick the herb from the stem and coarsely chop them before sprinkling the herb liberally and evenly on the chicken. Place the chicken into the pre-heated roasting pan and roast at 425 degrees for the first 45 minutes of roasting. Reduce the o <END>
INPUT: semifreddo, brittle, sugar, light corn syrup, water, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tangerine Semifreddo with Salted Almond Brittle | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons (1/4 stick) unsalted butter, divided; 2 cups sugar; 1 cup light corn syrup; 1 cup water; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 2 cups blanched whole almonds, toasted , coarsely chopped; 1/2 teaspoon baking soda; 1 teaspoon flaked sea salt (such as Maldon); 5 large eggs, separated; 1 cup sugar, divided; 1/4 cup fresh tangerine juice or tangelo juice; 2 tablespoons finely grated tangerine peel or tangelo peel; 2 cups chilled heavy whipping cream; 1 cup fresh tangerine juice or tangelo juice; 2 tablespoons honey | INSTRUCTIONS: For brittle: Coat large rimmed baking sheet with 1 tablespoon butter. Combine sugar, corn syrup, 1 cup water, and 1/4 teaspoon salt in heavy large saucepan. Stir over medium heat until sugar dissolves. Attach candy thermometer to side of pan. Increase heat to medium-high and bring to boil. Boil without stirring until mixture turns amber and thermometer registers 330°F to 340°F, about 10 minutes. Remove from heat; immediately stir in remaining 1 tablespoon butter, then almonds and baking soda (mixture will bubble). Working quickly, pour mixture out onto prepared baking sheet. Using offset metal <END>
INPUT: Italian, wolfgang, garlic, basil leaves, rosemary, sage leaves, chili flakes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Wolfgang's Garlic Bread | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 10 to 15 cloves garlic, peeled and roughly chopped; 1/2 cup basil leaves, roughly chopped; 1 small sprig rosemary, leaves stripped and roughly chopped; 2 medium sage leaves, roughly chopped; Pinch chili flakes; Salt; 3/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 1 loaf bread; Grated Parmesan, optional; Mozzarella cheese, optional | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 500 degrees F. In a blender, combine the garlic, basil, rosemary, sage, chili flakes, and a pinch of salt and puree. With the blender running, slowly drizzle in the olive oil. Slice the bread into 1/2-inch thick slices and place on a cookie sheet. Brush with the garlic pesto. Sprinkle with Parmesan and mozzarella, if desired. Bake on the upper rack until golden brown and bubbly, about 5 to 7 minutes. <END>
INPUT: Asian, peanut oil, shiitake mushrooms, eggs, jasmine rice, pinches Chinese five
OUTPUT: TITLE: Egg-Fried Rice with Pickled Vegetables | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons peanut oil; 4 fresh shiitake mushrooms, diced; 3 large eggs, beaten; 2 cups jasmine rice, cooked; 2 pinches Chinese five-spice powder; 1 1/2 cups diced Pickled Vegetables, recipe follows; 1 teaspoon toasted sesame oil; Dash light soy sauce; Sea salt and freshly ground white pepper, for sprinkling; 3 pickled ramps or fresh scallions, for serving, optional; Chili powder or cayenne pepper, for serving; 1/4 cup mirin (Japanese sweet rice cooking wine); 1/4 cup clear rice vinegar; 1 tablespoon superfine sugar; 1 teaspoon sea salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat a wok over medium-high heat until smoking. Pour in 1 tablespoon of the oil. Add the mushrooms and eggs and stir continually until the eggs are softly cooked, about 20 seconds, and then transfer the mushrooms and eggs to a bowl. Add the remaining 2 tablespoons oil to the wok and heat until hot. Add the rice, season the mixture with the five-spice powder and stir-fry until heated through. Return the mushrooms and eggs to the wok with the Pickled Vegetables and stir continually until very hot. Season the mixture with the sesame oil and soy and sprinkle with salt and white pepper. Toss well,  <END>
INPUT: Mexican, water, granulated sugar, bell peppers, jalapeno peppers, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Watermelon and Prawns | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups water; 1 cup granulated sugar; 2 red bell peppers, cored, seeded, and chopped; 2 jalapeno peppers, seeded and chopped; 1 clove garlic, crushed; 3 cilantro sprigs, chopped; 1 pound (16 to 20 count) prawns, peeled and deveined, with the tail left on; 1/4 cup olive oil; 2 limes, halved; 1/2 teaspoon cayenne pepper; 2 teaspoons chili powder; 2 teaspoons salt; 1 teaspoon black pepper; 1 small seedless watermelon, sliced into 1/4-inch wedges, rind on; Unsweetened coconut, toasted for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the grill. In a small saucepan over medium heat, add the water and the sugar. Cook over low heat until the sugar is dissolved. Pour 1 cup of the syrup into a small bowl and set aside. To the remaining syrup, add the red pepper, jalapenos, garlic, and cilantro and simmer on medium heat for 30 minutes, or until thickened and marmalade-like. In the meantime, toss the prawns in a bowl with half of the olive oil, juice of 1 lime, cayenne, chili powder, salt, and pepper. Place on the hot grill and grill each side until cooked through, 4 to 5 minutes. Set aside. Place the watermelon on a plat <END>
INPUT: shrimp, stir, wine vinegar, sugar, chile oil chile, Kosher salt, chives
OUTPUT: TITLE: Shrimp Stir-Fry with Fried Egg and Flavored Vinegar | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup white wine vinegar; 2 teaspoons sugar; 1 tablespoon chile oil or chile flakes; Kosher salt; Finely chopped fresh chives; 1 tablespoon vegetable oil; 4 eggs; 1 tablespoon butter; 2 (12-ounce) packages thick pre-cooked egg noodles; 1/3 cup oyster sauce; 1/3 cup water; 1/4 cup vegetable oil; 1/2 red onion, julienned; 2 cups shiitake mushrooms, stemmed and quartered; 2 cloves garlic, chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: Soak the egg noodles in hot water for 5 minutes, drain, and then set them aside. For the vinegar: Put the white wine vinegar, sugar, and chile oil into a bowl. Season the mixture with salt, to taste, and set aside. Add the chives to the flavored vinegar just before serving. For the egg: In a nonstick saute pan, heat the vegetable oil over medium heat. Crack the eggs into the pan. Increase the heat to high, and add the butter. Cook the eggs until their bottoms are crisp and the yolks are runny. Switch off the heat, and set the eggs aside. For the stir-fry: In a small bowl, stir the oyster sauce <END>
INPUT: Mexican, cilantro, scallions, cumin seeds, vegetable oil, rice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fried Rice with Cilantro and Peas | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup fresh cilantro sprigs; 4 scallions; 2 teaspoons cumin seeds; 1 tablespoon vegetable oil; 4 cups chilled cooked white rice (see note above); 1 tablespoon seasoned rice vinegar; 1 tablespoon soy sauce such as Kikkoman; 1 cup frozen peas | INSTRUCTIONS: Chop cilantro and thinly slice scallions. In a large nonstick skillet cook cumin seeds in oil over moderately high heat, stirring, until fragrant, about 1 minute. Add rice and fry, stirring occasionally, until heated through, about 3 minutes. Add vinegar and soy sauce, stirring to coat rice, and stir-fry until liquid is evaporated. Stir in cilantro, scallions, and peas and stir-fry until heated through, about 2 minutes, seasoning with salt if necessary. Chop cilantro and thinly slice scallions. In a large nonstick skillet cook cumin seeds in oil over moderately high heat, stirring, until fragr <END>
INPUT: American, ranch, sour, vegetable oil, onion, bell pepper, jalapeno peppers, tomato paste
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chili with Ranch Sour Cream | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons vegetable oil; 1 large onion, finely chopped; 1 red bell pepper, finely chopped; 2 red jalapeno peppers, seeded and finely chopped; 2 tablespoons tomato paste; 1 canned chipotle chile in adobo sauce, seeded and chopped; 3 tablespoons chili powder; 2 teaspoons ground cumin; 2 teaspoons ground coriander; 2 teaspoons dried oregano; 2 pounds ground beef chuck; Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper; 2 14-ounce cans diced tomatoes; 2 15-ounce cans kidney beans (do not drain); 1 bay leaf | INSTRUCTIONS: Make the chili: Heat the vegetable oil in a large pot or Dutch oven over medium-high heat. Add the onion, bell pepper and jalapenos and cook, stirring occasionally, until softened, about 5 minutes. Add the tomato paste, chipotle, chili powder, cumin, coriander and oregano. Continue cooking, stirring occasionally, until the vegetables are well coated, adding 1 to 2 tablespoons water if the mixture gets too dry, about 3 minutes. Add the beef, season with salt and pepper and cook, stirring and breaking up the meat, until no longer pink, about 3 minutes. Add the tomatoes, beans, bay leaf, 1 teaspo <END>
INPUT: strip, wrap, chicken breasts, egg, water, all purpose flour, poultry seasoning
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken Strip Wrap with Sweet Mustard | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 chicken breasts; 1 egg; 2 tablespoons water; 1/4 cup all-purpose flour; 1 tablespoon poultry seasoning; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 cup panko bread crumbs; 4 whole-wheat flour tortillas; 1/2 cup shredded Cheddar; 1/4 head iceberg lettuce, shredded; 1 pickle, diced; 1/4 cup spicy brown mustard; 2 tablespoons mayonnaise; 1 tablespoon packed brown sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Rinse the chicken and pat dry with paper towels. Remove the chicken breasts from the bone and discard the skin. Cut each breast into 10 strips. Whisk the egg and 2 tablespoons water in a bowl and set aside. Mix the flour, poultry seasoning and salt and pepper, to taste, in a resealable plastic bag. Add the chicken strips and toss to coat, set aside. Put the bread crumbs in a shallow dish or pie plate. Remove the chicken from the bag and shake off the excess flour. Coat the chicken in the egg, than dredge in the panko bread crumbs. A <END>
INPUT: two duck breasts, orange zest, orange juice, soy sauce, vegetable oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Orange Duck Breasts on Braised Chicory | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: two 2-pound whole boneless duck breasts with skin*; 1 teaspoon freshly grated orange zest; 1/2 cup fresh orange juice; 1/4 cup soy sauce; 1/4 cup vegetable oil; 2 tablespoons honey; 1 tablespoon white-wine vinegar; 1 teaspoon dried hot red pepper flakes; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 2 large garlic cloves, sliced very thin; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; a 1 1/2-pound head of chicory or curly endive, the leaves torn into large pieces and washed well; 1/3 cup water; *available at many butcher shops and specialty foods shops | INSTRUCTIONS: With a sharp knife halve the whole duck breasts and score the skin in a 1/4-inch cross-hatch pattern. Put the duck in a large resealable bag. In a bowl whisk together the zest, the orange juice, the soy sauce, the oil, the honey, the vinegar, the red pepper flakes, and the salt, pour the marinade over the duck, and seal the bag. Let the duck marinate, chilled, turning the bag occasionally, for 8 hours or overnight. Remove the duck from the marinade, reserving the marinade, pat it dry between paper towels, and season it with salt and pepper. Heat 2 heavy skillets over moderately high heat until <END>
INPUT: Mexican, tacos, flaky fish fillets, lime, pimenton, garlic, canola vegetable oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fish Tacos | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound flaky white fish fillets, such as haddock, halibut or cod; 1 lime, zested and juiced; 1/2 teaspoon pimenton; 2 cloves garlic, smashed; 1/4 cup canola or vegetable oil; Kosher salt; 1/2 head savoy cabbage, shredded; 3 scallions, sliced thinly on the bias; 1 jalapeno, minced, optional; 1/4 to 1/2 cup white vinegar; 2 tablespoons honey; 1/4 cup canola oil; Kosher salt; 8 flour tortillas; 1 avocado, halved, pitted and flesh sliced | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Combine the cabbage, scallion, and jalapeno, if using, in a medium bowl. Cut the fish into strips. Combine the fish with the lime zest and juice, pimenton, garlic, oil and salt, to taste, in a medium bowl. This can be done a day ahead, covered and refrigerated. In a small bowl, combine the vinegar, honey and oil. Add to the cabbage mixture and toss until well dressed. Season with salt, to taste. If using within a couple of hours let it sit at room temperature, if making this ahead, refrigerate until ready to use. To cook and assemble: Preheat the oven to 350 degr <END>
INPUT: salad, zucchini, Kosher salt, jumbo lump crabmeat, lemon juice, virgin olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Crab Salad-Stuffed Zucchini | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 medium zucchini, halved lengthwise; Kosher salt; 1/2 pound jumbo lump crabmeat, picked through; 3 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1/4 cup mayonnaise; 1 tablespoon Creole-style mustard; 1/2 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce; 1/8 teaspoon cayenne pepper; Paprika, celery leaves and scallions, for topping | INSTRUCTIONS: Fill a large pot with about 1 inch of water and fit with a steamer basket; bring to a boil. Meanwhile, scoop out the seeds from the zucchini, leaving a 1/4-inch-thick shell. Season the zucchini with salt, then arrange in the steamer basket; cover and steam until crisp-tender, 5 minutes. Combine the crabmeat, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, 2 tablespoons olive oil and 1/4 teaspoon salt in a medium bowl. In another bowl, combine the mayonnaise, mustard, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, the Worcestershire sauce, cayenne and 1/4 teaspoon salt. Blot the zucchini dry with paper towels and brush with the remainin <END>
INPUT: very peaches, sugar, orange flavored liqueur
OUTPUT: TITLE: Peaches in Sauternes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 to 8 very ripe yellow or white peaches; 3 tablespoons sugar; 1 (375 ml.) bottle good Sauternes; 1 tablespoon orange-flavored liqueur (recommended: Grand Marnier) | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring a pot of water to a boil and immerse the peaches in the water for 1 to 2 minutes, until the skins come off easily. Remove them with a slotted spoon and place them in a bowl of cold water to stop the cooking. Peel the peaches and then slice them in wedges off the pit and into a bowl. Stir in the sugar, Sauternes, and orange liqueur. Cover and refrigerate for at least 2 hours, or overnight. Serve cool but not cold. <END>
INPUT: lauren, cookies, all purpose flour, baking soda, salt, sugar, dark sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lauren's Peanut Butter Kiss Cookies | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 3/4 cups all-purpose flour; 1 teaspoon baking soda; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1 cup sugar; 1/2 cup packed dark brown sugar; 8 tablespoons (1 stick) unsalted butter, cut into small pieces; 1/2 cup smooth or chunky peanut butter (not natural); 1 large egg; 1 teaspoon pure vanilla or almond extract; 30 chocolate kisses, unwrapped; Special equipment: 2 large baking sheets | INSTRUCTIONS: Position a rack in the upper third of the oven and a second rack in the lower third then preheat to 350°F. In a large bowl, sift together the flour, baking soda, and salt. Place 1/2 cup sugar in a small bowl. In the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, combine the remaining 1/2 cup sugar with the brown sugar, butter, and peanut butter and beat on medium speed, scraping the bowl occasionally, until light and fluffy, 2 to 3 minutes. Add the egg and vanilla or almond extract and beat on medium until fully incorporated, about 1 minute. With the mixer on low, add the flour mixtu <END>
INPUT: maple bacon, shallot, balsamic vinegar, cabbage, chicken stock
OUTPUT: TITLE: Braised Red Cabbage | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 slices maple bacon; 1 small shallot, peeled and sliced; 1/3 cup balsamic vinegar; 1/2 head red cabbage, cored and thinly sliced; 1 cup chicken stock; Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat a large Dutch oven over medium-high heat. Add the bacon and the shallot slices and cook until just light golden, about 3 to 4 minutes. Pour in the vinegar, scraping the pan to release any browned bits and simmer for 2 to 3 minutes. Add the cabbage, tossing to coat and soften slightly; pour in the stock and season with lightly with salt and pepper. Reduce the heat to a simmer, cover and cook, stirring occasionally until the cabbage is very soft, about 30 minutes. Remove the lid and cook, stirring occasionally, to allow the moisture to evaporate and cooking liquid to thicken, about 5 minute <END>
INPUT: Mexican, tostadas, onion, tomatoes, garlic, serrano chiles, vegetable oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken Tostadas | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 medium white onion; 1 pound tomatoes, quartered; 2 large garlic cloves; 1 or 2 fresh serrano chiles, stemmed; 1/2 cup plus 2 tablespoon vegetable oil, divided; 3 cups shredded iceberg lettuce; 6 large radishes, halved and sliced; 1/2 cup chopped cilantro, divided; 1 rotisserie chicken, meat coarsely shredded (4 cups); 6 (6-inch) corn tortillas; 1 (1-pound) can refried beans, heated; 1 avocado, halved, pitted, and peeled; 1/2 cup Mexican crema or sour cream; 1/4 cup crumbled queso añjo (aged white cheese, also called cotija) or ricotta salata; Accompaniments: sliced serranos; lime wedges | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat broiler. Cut half of onion into 3/4-inch wedges, then chop remainder. Toss onion wedges, tomatoes, garlic, and whole chiles with 2 tablespoons oil in a 4-sided sheet pan, spreading in 1 layer. Broil about 4 inches from heat until softened and charred, 10 to 15 minutes. Meanwhile, toss together lettuce, radishes, chopped onion, and half of cilantro. Purée tomato mixture in a blender along with one or both roasted serranos (to taste) and 1 teaspoon salt until smooth(use caution when blending hot foods). Transfer purée to a bowl and stir in chicken, remaining cilantro, and salt to taste.  <END>
INPUT: Indian, chicken, potatoes, loosely cilantro leaves, water, Serving Serve rice, grapeseed oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken Masala | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups chopped potatoes; 1/2 cup loosely packed fresh cilantro leaves; 2 cups water; Serving suggestion: Serve with rice; 2 tablespoons grapeseed oil; 1 onion, finely chopped; 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh garlic; 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh ginger; 1 green chile, finely chopped; 1 tablespoon coriander seeds; 1 teaspoon fenugreek seeds; 1 tablespoon garam masala; 1 teaspoon Spanish paprika; 1 teaspoon turmeric; 1 teaspoon salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Put oil in a large saucepan over medium-high heat. Add the onion, garlic, ginger, and chile, and saute for 3 minutes, or until the onions are softened. Add the coriander seeds, garam masala, paprika, turmeric, and salt and toast for 10 seconds and then add the tomato paste. Stir well and then add the chicken thighs, turning them frequently as they cook. Add the tomatoes, potatoes, cilantro, and water and mix well. Bring the mixture to a boil and then reduce the heat to a simmer. Cover with a lid and let cook for about 20 to 25 minutes, or until the chicken is cooked through. Serve the chicken  <END>
INPUT: American, cheese, butter, onion, garlic, Kosher salt, all purpose flour
OUTPUT: TITLE: Baked Mac and Cheese | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 3 ounces butter; 1/2 medium onion, chopped; 1 clove garlic, minced; Kosher salt; 3 ounces all-purpose flour; 1 cup chicken stock; 2 cups half-and-half; 6 ounces smoked Cheddar, grated; 3 ounces mascarpone; 1 large egg; 1 pound cooked macaroni; 4 ounces panko bread crumbs; 1/4 cup freshly chopped parsley leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. In a medium saucepan, melt butter, add onion and garlic and sweat over medium heat for 3 minutes with a pinch of salt until vegetables are translucent and aromatic. Add flour and stir with wooden spoon until the flour is completely incorporated with the vegetables, cooking for about 2 minutes. Add the chicken stock 1/3 cup at a time, stirring vigorously to ensure no lumps form. Bring to boil and reduce to medium-low heat and simmer for 40 minutes. Remove pan from heat and whisk in the half-and-half, Cheddar, mascarpone, and egg. Toss sauce with macaroni and place <END>
INPUT: Asian, shallot, parsley, lemon juice, ginger
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Clams with Lemon-Ginger Butter and Grilled Baguette | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup (1/2 stick) butter, room temperature; 4 teaspoons minced shallot; 1 tablespoon minced fresh parsley; 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice; 1/2 teaspoon minced peeled fresh ginger; 1/2 teaspoon finely grated lemon peel; 6 1/2-inch-thick diagonal baguette slices; 2 pounds Manila clams, scrubbed; Special Equipment: 13x9x2-inch disposable aluminum baking pan | INSTRUCTIONS: Prepare barbecue (high heat). Using spatula, blend butter, minced shallot, minced fresh parsley, fresh lemon juice, minced fresh ginger, and finely grated lemon peel in small bowl; season to taste with salt and pepper. Thinly spread lemon-ginger butter on 1 side of each bread slice. Arrange clams in single layer in disposable aluminum pan. Place pan on grill, cover barbecue, and cook just until clams open, 8 to 10 minutes (discard any clams that do not open). Using slotted spoon, transfer grilled clams to 2 shallow bowls. Grill bread until slightly charred, 1 to 2 minutes per side. Add remaini <END>
INPUT: tuscan, olive oil, onion, carrots, celery, stew beef
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tuscan Beef Stew with Polenta | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons olive oil; 1 red onion, cut into medium dice; 3 carrots, peeled and cut into 1/2-inch pieces; 3 stalks celery, cut into 1/2-inch pieces; 2 pounds stew beef, such as boneless chuck, trimmed of excess fat and cut into 1-inch cubes; 2 1/2 cups dry red wine; 8 sprigs fresh thyme; 3 medium tomatoes, halved; 3/4 teaspoon kosher salt; 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 1 tablespoon olive oil; 4 cups vegetable stock or broth; 1 cup polenta (coarse cornmeal) | INSTRUCTIONS: Make stew In heavy, large saucepan over moderately high heat, heat oil until hot but not smoking. Add onion, carrot, and celery and sauté, stirring occasionally, until light golden brown, about 10 minutes. Add beef and sauté, stirring occasionally, until brown on all sides, about 5 minutes. Add wine and thyme, stir well, and bring to boil. Add tomatoes, salt, and pepper, then lower heat to moderately low, cover, and simmer, stirring every 15 minutes, until beef is tender, about 2 hours. In heavy, large saucepan over moderately high heat, heat oil until hot but not smoking. Add onion, carrot, a <END>
INPUT: garlic, horseradish, sea salt, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Horseradish And Garlic Prime Rib | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 (3-rib) prime rib beef roast, about 6 pounds; 5 garlic cloves, smashed, plus 2 heads garlic, halved; 1/2 cup grated fresh or prepared horseradish; 1/2 cup sea salt; 1/4 cup freshly ground black pepper; 1/2 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 2 carrots, peeled and chopped; 2 parsnips; 1 red onion, halved; 1 tablespoon unsalted butter; Extra-virgin olive oil; 2 pounds assorted mushrooms, such as cremini, oyster, shiitake, chanterelle, or white, trimmed and sliced; Leaves from 2 fresh thyme sprigs; Sea salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1/2 cup Cabernet Sauvignon | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Lay the beef in a large roasting pan with the bone side down. (The ribs act as a natural roasting rack.) In a small bowl mash together the garlic, horseradish, salt, pepper, and olive oil to make a paste. Massage the paste generously over the entire roast. Scatter the vegetables and halved garlic around the meat and drizzle them with a 2-count of oil. Put the pan in the oven and roast the beef for about 1 1/2 to 2 hours for medium-rare (or approximately 20 minutes per pound). Check the internal temperature of the roast in several places with an instant-read t <END>
INPUT: goulash, bacon, beef shank, Kosher salt pepper, all purpose flour, olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Beef Goulash | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 slices bacon, chopped; 3 pounds boneless beef shank, trimmed and cut into 2-inch cubes; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 3 tablespoons all-purpose flour; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 2 medium onions, chopped; 3 garlic cloves, minced; 2 roasted red bell peppers, peeled and sliced; 3 tablespoons Hungarian sweet paprika; 2 teaspoons caraway seeds, toasted and ground; 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar; 1 (15-ounce) can whole peeled tomatoes, hand crushed; 6 cups low-sodium beef broth; 4 russet potatoes, peeled and thickly sliced; 1/2 cup sour cream | INSTRUCTIONS: Place a large heavy pot over medium heat and add the bacon. Fry for about 5 minutes until crisp and remove to a paper towel and reserve. Add the beef to the hot bacon fat and brown it evenly on all sides, turning with tongs; season generously with salt and pepper. While the beef is searing, sprinkle the flour evenly in the pot and continue to stir to dissolve any clumps. Add a little oil if necessary to keep the meat from sticking to the bottom of the pot. Toss in the onions, garlic, roasted peppers, paprika, and caraway; cook and stir for 2 minutes until fragrant. Stir in the vinegar, tomatoe <END>
INPUT: frittatas, eggs, milk, Salt pepper, olive oil, leek
OUTPUT: TITLE: Potato-Chip Frittatas | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 5 eggs; 1 1/2 tablespoons milk (any fat content); Salt and pepper; 1 tablespoon olive oil; 1 leek, sliced (about 1/2 cup); ½ onion, sliced (about 1/2 cup); 1 carrot, shredded (about 1/2 cup); 4 tablespoons shredded cheese (such as cheddar or—our favorite—smoked provolone); Potato chips | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. Preheat oven to 325°F. 2. Whisk together the eggs, milk, salt, and pepper; set aside. 3. Heat the oil in a skillet over medium heat. Add the leek and onion with a pinch of salt. Cook until tender, about 5 minutes. 4. Add the carrot; cook for 1 minute more. Remove from heat. 5. Grease a 6-cup muffin tin. Divide the cheese among the cups, then the vegetables. 6. Pour in the egg mixture until each cup is three-quarters full. Add a few potato chips to each. 7. Bake until cooked through, 12 to 15 minutes. Run a knife around the edges to loosen; serve. 1. Preheat oven to 325°F. 2. Whisk together  <END>
INPUT: American, short beef, salt, sugar, garlic, thyme leaves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Bbq Beef Short Ribs | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 10 pounds short ribs of beef, 2 inches thick; 2 tablespoons salt; 2 tablespoons brown sugar; 1 tablespoon garlic; 1 teaspoon thyme leaves; 1 tablespoon ancho powder; 3 tablespoons French's mustard; 3 tablespoons ketchup; 1 teaspoon garlic powder; 2 cup apple cider | INSTRUCTIONS: Mix all seasoning in a large bowl. Add short ribs and toss to coat evenly. Allow to sit for one hour before smoking. Build a hickory fire in grill on one side only. Place the beef ribs on the grill on the opposite side of the fire and close off the air so the fire goes down. Maintain a temperature of 275 degrees for 3 hours, basting with mop every 15 minutes for the last 45 minutes. Mix all ingredients together. <END>
INPUT: Italian, strawberry, lemon juice, sugar, basil leaves, strawberries, kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Strawberry, Lemon and Basil | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 1 tablespoon raw sugar; 6 fresh basil leaves; 5 small strawberries (or 3 large strawberries, quartered) plus 1 thin slice for garnish; 1 pinch kosher salt; 3/4 cup soda water | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine fresh lemon juice, raw sugar, basil, whole strawberries, and salt in a pint glass. Muddle ingredients with a muddler or the handle of a wooden spoon until sugar dissolves. Add ice cubes and soda water and stir until chilled. Strain into a 12-ounce glass filled with ice cubes and garnish with a strawberry slice. Combine fresh lemon juice, raw sugar, basil, whole strawberries, and salt in a pint glass. Muddle ingredients with a muddler or the handle of a wooden spoon until sugar dissolves. Add ice cubes and soda water and stir until chilled. Strain into a 12-ounce glass filled with ice c <END>
INPUT: cake, Unsalted butter, dark chocolate, milliliters
OUTPUT: TITLE: Dark Chocolate Cake | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Unsalted butter, for greasing; 125 grams (about 1 cup) awesome-quality unsweetened cocoa powder, plus more for dusting; 90 grams dark chocolate, chopped; 360 milliliters (about 1 1/2 cups) hot coffee; 310 grams (about 2 1/2 cups) all-purpose flour; 10 grams (2 teaspoons) baking soda; 5 grams (1 teaspoon) baking powder; 600 grams (about 3 cups) sugar; 180 milliliters (about 3/4 cup) vegetable oil; 6 grams (1 teaspoon) kosher salt; 5 milliliters (1 teaspoon) vanilla extract; 3 large eggs; 360 milliliters (about 1 1/2 cups) buttermilk; 2 cups (4 sticks) unsalted butter; 2 cups sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: three 9-inch cake pans; a candy thermometer For the cake: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Butter three 9-inch cake pans and dust with cocoa powder, shaking off the excess. Mix the chocolate into the hot coffee in a medium bowl and stir to melt. Set aside to cool completely. In another bowl, sift together the flour, cocoa powder, baking soda and baking powder. Set aside. Combine the sugar, oil, salt and vanilla in the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment. Mix on medium speed, 3 to 5 minutes. (This batter is fluid and tends to get lumps; mix carefully wit <END>
INPUT: wardens, cunfyt, wine, sugar, cinnamon piece cinnamon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Wardens in Cunfyt (Pears in Red Wine) | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 pint dry red wine; 4 ounces sugar; 4 cloves; 1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon or piece cinnamon bark; 6 large, firm pears; Gilded bay leaves, to decorate | INSTRUCTIONS: Place wine, sugar and spices in saucepan, and heat until sugar dissolves. Peel the pears, leaving the stalks on, but remove the core from the bottom using a thin, sharp knife or a potato peeler. Put the pears into the syrup and simmer gently for about 20 minutes or until tender. Remove the pears to a dish, and reduce the syrup by half by boiling rapidly. Spoon syrup over pears. Cool, and decorate with gilded bay leaves stuck in by the stalk. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, crusted, bulbs Roasted Garlic, kosher salt, ancho chile, flaked chipotle chile, cumin
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Garlic and Chile-Crusted Pork Loin | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2 bulbs Roasted Garlic (see Note); 1 tablespoon kosher salt; 2 teaspoons ground ancho chile; 2 teaspoons dried flaked chipotle chile; 1 teaspoon ground cumin; 2 teaspoons brown sugar; 1 tablespoon olive oil; 1 boneless double pork loin roast (about 3 pounds); 4 large cloves garlic, quartered; Kosher salt and black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Squeeze the roasted garlic pulp from each clove into a bowl. Add the salt, ground and flaked chiles, cumin, brown sugar, and olive oil and make a wet rub. Stab holes into the pork loin and insert a quarter of a garlic clove into each. Massage the wet rub all over the meat, pushing some of it in between the two loins. Do this ahead, cover, and refrigerate overnight for maximum flavor penetration. Fire up the grill, mounding a hot coal bed on one side. Just before grilling, season the meat all over with the salt and a grinding of black pepper. Set the meat directly over the coals to sear for 2 m <END>
INPUT: covered, maraschino cherries stems
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate Covered Cherries | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 40 maraschino cherries with stems (packed in very heavy syrup), drained well; 1 cup (6 ounces) semisweet chocolate morsels; 1 cup (6 ounces) white chocolate morsels | INSTRUCTIONS: Line a cookie sheet with parchment paper or waxed paper. Pat cherries dry with paper towels. Melt chocolates separately in stainless steel bowl set over pan of simmering water, stirring until smooth. Holding stem of cherry, dip cherry into melted chocolate to coat. You can coat half of cherry in white chocolate and half in semisweet chocolate, if desired. Transfer chocolate-dipped cherry to prepared cookie sheet. Repeat with remaining cherries and melted chocolate. Refrigerate for about 40 minutes, or until set. <END>
INPUT: snickerdoodles, all purpose flour, cream tartar, baking soda, baking powder, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Orange-Molasses Snickerdoodles | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups all-purpose flour; 2 teaspoons cream of tartar; 1 teaspoon baking soda; 1/4 teaspoon baking powder; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 1 stick unsalted butter, at room temperature; 3/4 cup plus 3 tablespoons granulated sugar; 1 large egg; 2 tablespoons molasses; 1/2 teaspoon finely grated orange zest; 1 1/2 teaspoons ground cinnamon; Coarse sugar, for decorating; 2 cups all-purpose flour; 2 teaspoons cream of tartar; 1 teaspoon baking soda | INSTRUCTIONS: Position racks in the upper and lower thirds of the oven; preheat to 400 degrees F. Whisk the flour, cream of tartar, baking soda, baking powder and salt in a medium bowl. Beat the butter and 3/4 cup granulated sugar in a large bowl with a mixer on medium-high speed until fluffy, about 3 minutes. Beat in the egg, then the molasses and orange zest. Reduce the mixer speed to low; beat in the flour mixture until just combined. Combine the cinnamon and the remaining 3 tablespoons granulated sugar in a small bowl. Roll heaping tablespoonfuls of dough into balls, then roll in the cinnamon sugar to c <END>
INPUT: mash, water, russet potatoes, carrots, sour cream
OUTPUT: TITLE: Baked Potato and Carrot Mash | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/3 cup water; 6 tablespoons (3/4 stick) butter, room temperature, divided; 3 large russet potatoes (about 2 1/2 to 2 3/4 pounds total); 1 pound carrots, peeled, halved lengthwise if large, cut crosswise into 1-inch pieces; 3/4 cup sour cream; 1/2 cup half and half, warmed; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh chives | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350°F. Place carrots and 1/3 cup water in 8x8x2-inch baking dish. Dot carrots with 2 tablespoons butter; sprinkle with salt and pepper. Place carrots and potatoes in oven; bake 30 minutes. Stir carrots and pierce potatoes with fork in several places. Bake until carrots and potatoes are tender, about 50 minutes longer. Using ricer, press carrots into large bowl, scraping in any juices from baking dish. Halve potatoes. Working in batches, scoop potato flesh into ricer, then rice potatoes into bowl with carrots. Using electric mixer, beat in 4 tablespoons butter, then sour cream,  <END>
INPUT: shamrock, shake, Bailey's Original Irish, matcha powder, vanilla ice cream, milk, Whipped cream
OUTPUT: TITLE: Bailey's Matcha Shamrock Shake | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 ounce Bailey's Original Irish Cream; 1 tablespoon matcha powder, plus more for garnish; 1 1/2 cups vanilla ice cream; 1/2 cup whole milk; Whipped cream (optional) | INSTRUCTIONS: In a blender, combine the Bailey's, matcha powder, vanilla ice cream, and milk, and process until smooth, about 30 seconds. Pour into a glass and top with the whipped cream and additional matcha powder. In a blender, combine the Bailey's, matcha powder, vanilla ice cream, and milk, and process until smooth, about 30 seconds. Pour into a glass and top with the whipped cream and additional matcha powder. <END>
INPUT: english, virgin olive oil, chile de árbol, mint, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: English Pea Purée | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 2 tablespoons (1/4 stick) butter; 1 whole dried chile de árbol*; 1 fresh mint sprig; 1 garlic clove, minced; 3 cups fresh or frozen peas; Generous pinch of sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat oil, butter, chile, and mint in heavy medium saucepan over medium heat 2 minutes. Add garlic and stir 1 minute. Stir in peas and sugar; cook until peas are just tender, stirring occasionally, about 5 minutes. Discard chile and mint sprig. Transfer pea mixture to processor and puree until almost smooth (some texture should remain). Season puree to taste with salt and pepper. (Can be prepared 2 hours ahead. Let puree stand at room temperature. Rewarm in microwave oven on high about 2 minutes.) Heat oil, butter, chile, and mint in heavy medium saucepan over medium heat 2 minutes. Add garlic  <END>
INPUT: beef short, onion, carrot, celery, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Beef Short Ribs | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 to 4 pounds beef short ribs; 1 medium onion, sliced; 1 medium carrot, peeled and chopped; 2 celery stalks, chopped; 2 cloves garlic, roughly chopped; 1 (15-ounce) can tomato paste; 1 bay leaf; 1/2 teaspoon dried thyme; 1 tablespoon oil; Salt and black pepper; Beef broth, enough to cover the ribs | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large Dutch oven heat the oil and brown the ribs on all sides. Add the carrots, celery, onion, and garlic. Continue to cook for about 2 to 3 minutes. Add the tomato paste and cook stirring slowly for 3 more minutes. Optional: you can dust the short ribs at this time with flour to help thicken the sauce. Add the rest of the ingredients and cover. Cook for about 2 hours on low heat (simmer) or until the meat begins to pull from the bone. When done remove from the pan and strain the liquid. You can now thicken the sauce or leave as is and season with salt and pepper. Serve with truffle mashe <END>
INPUT: infused, cookies, dark raisins, Italian Grappa, bittersweet semisweet chocolate, all purpose flour, Dutch process cocoa
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grappa infused Chocolate Chocolate Chunk Cookies | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup dark raisins; Italian Grappa, enough to cover raisins, plus 2 tablespoons, warmed; 8 ounces bittersweet or semisweet chocolate, coarsely chopped, plus 12 ounces, cut into small chunks (1/4 to 1/2-inch); 1 cup all-purpose flour; 2 tablespoons Dutch process cocoa powder; 1 teaspoon baking powder; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 1/2 cup unsalted butter, room temperature; 1/2 cup dark brown sugar; 3/4 cup white granulated sugar; 2 eggs; 1 1/2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Position rack in center of oven. In a heatproof bowl, cover the raisins with very warm grappa to 1 inch above the level of the raisins. Soak until the raisins are plumped, about 3 to 5 minutes. In a double boiler, melt 8 ounces bittersweet chocolate. Keep warm. Whisk together the flour, cocoa, baking powder and salt. Put aside. With an electric mixer, cream the butter, brown sugar, and white sugar until well blended and lighter in color. Add the eggs, 1 at a time, scraping the sides of the bowl as needed. Blend in the warm melted chocolate, 2 tablespoons warm gra <END>
INPUT: sour, sauce, navel oranges, olive oil, unsalted butter, onion, rhubarb
OUTPUT: TITLE: Black Sea Bass with Sweet-and-Sour Orange Rhubarb Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 navel oranges; 3 tablespoons olive oil; 1 tablespoon unsalted butter; 1 large onion, halved lengthwise and thinly sliced lengthwise; 1 lb rhubarb, cut into 1-inch pieces; 2 tablespoons mild honey; 1 1/4 teaspoons salt; 1 1/2 teaspoons minced peeled fresh ginger; 1/4 teaspoon cinnamon; 1 (14- to 15-oz) can diced tomatoes including juice; 1/4 teaspoon black pepper; 6 (6- to 8-oz) black sea bass fillets with skin and small bones removed; 1/4 cup chopped fresh mint | INSTRUCTIONS: Arrange oven rack in middle position and preheat oven to 375°F. Cut peel, including white pith, from 3 oranges with a small sharp knife. Working over a bowl, cut segments free from membranes. Squeeze juice from membranes into bowl. Drain off as much juice as possible from segments into a measuring cup. Squeeze enough juice from remaining orange to total 2/3 cup of juice. Heat 2 tablespoons oil with butter in a 12-inch heavy skillet over moderate heat until butter is melted, then cook onion, stirring occasionally, until softened and golden brown, 18 to 20 minutes. While onion is caramelizing, c <END>
INPUT: Asian, snaps, all purpose flour, baking soda, ginger, cardamom
OUTPUT: TITLE: Ginger Snaps | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 9 1/2 ounces all-purpose flour; 1 1/2 teaspoons baking soda; 1 tablespoon ground ginger; 1/2 teaspoon ground cardamom; 1/2 teaspoon ground clove; 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt; 7 ounces dark brown sugar; 5 ounces unsalted butter, at room temperature; 3 ounces molasses, by weight; 1 large egg, at room temperature; 2 teaspoons finely grated fresh ginger; 4 ounces finely chopped candied ginger; Sanding sugar, for sprinkling, optional | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. In a medium mixing bowl whisk together the flour, baking soda, ginger, cardamom, clove and salt. Place the brown sugar and butter into the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment and beat on low speed until light and fluffy, 1 to 2 minutes. Add the molasses, egg and fresh ginger and beat on medium for 1 minute. Add the crystallized ginger and using a rubber spatula, stir to combine. Add the dry ingredients to the wet and stir until well combined. With a 2-teaspoon-sized scoop, drop the dough onto a parchment-lined half sheet pan approximately  <END>
INPUT: Mexican, rolls, conch, pepper, onion, capers
OUTPUT: TITLE: Conch Spring Rolls | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2 pounds fresh conch; 1 large red pepper, finely diced; 1 large yellow pepper, finely diced; 1 large white onion, finely diced; 4 ounces capers, chopped; 1 bunch cilantro, leaves chopped; 2 limes, juiced; Salt and pepper; Spring roll wrappers; 1 egg, beaten; Vegetable oil, for frying; 1 1/2 cups fresh orange juice; 4 tablespoons rice vinegar; 1/4 cup sugar; 1/2 cup Sofrito, recipe follows: | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large pot of boiling water, cook conch for 1 hour. Using a meat grinder, grind finely. In a large bowl, combine conch, peppers, onions, capers, chopped cilantro and lime juice. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Wrap small amounts of the conch mixture in the spring roll skins, roll, and brush on the beaten egg with a pastry brush to seal the rolls. Add oil to a depth of 3 inches in a large pot and heat to 375 degrees F. Carefully add the spring rolls to the hot oil and fry for 3 to 5 minutes, turning once, or until the rolls float to the surface of the oil. Drain on paper towels and se <END>
INPUT: stir, vinegar, sherry vinegar, shallots, slab bacon, vegetable oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Stir-Fried Asparagus With Bacon and Crispy Shallots | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup black vinegar; 1/4 cup sherry vinegar; 2 small shallots, thinly sliced into rings; 4 ounces slab bacon, cut into 1x1/4-inch pieces; 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, plus more for frying (about 3 cups); 1/4 cup all-purpose flour; 1/4 cup fine-grind cornmeal; Kosher salt; 1 pound asparagus, trimmed, thinly sliced on a diagonal; 1 tablespoon white soy sauce; A deep-fry thermometer | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine both vinegars in a medium bowl. Add shallots and let sit, tossing occasionally, 1 hour. Drain and pat dry. Meanwhile, cook bacon in a large skillet over medium heat, stirring occasionally, until most of fat is rendered and bacon begins to brown, 5–7 minutes. Transfer to paper towels. Pour off fat; reserve for another use (scrambled eggs!). Wipe out skillet; reserve. Fit a medium pot with thermometer and pour in oil to come 2" up sides of pot. Heat over medium-high until thermometer registers 300°F. Whisk flour and cornmeal in a shallow bowl. Dredge shallots in flour mixture, shaking of <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, toasts, greens, virgin olive oil, baguette, kosher salt, chard
OUTPUT: TITLE: Olive-Oil Toasts with Greens, Pine Nuts, and Raisins | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, divided; 1 baguette, cut into 24 slices (1/4-inch thick); 1/4 teaspoon kosher salt; 1 bunch chard, kale, or spinach leaves, stems reserved for another use; 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, divided; 1 small yellow onion, finely chopped; 3/4 teaspoon kosher salt, divided; 2 garlic cloves, finely chopped; 1/4 teaspoon red-pepper flakes, plus more to taste; 3 tablespoons toasted pine nuts; 3 tablespoons raisins (preferably golden), soaked in hot water for 30 minutes, drained and chopped; Scant 1/4 cup grated parmesan or Pecorino Toscano | INSTRUCTIONS: For the toasts: Preheat oven to 350°F. Brush 1 tablespoon oil evenly on a large rimmed baking sheet. Arrange bread slices on top; brush them with remaining tablespoon oil and season with salt. Place baking sheet in oven and toast for 6 minutes. Rotate the pan front to back and bake the toasts until golden brown all over with no pale patches, a few minutes more. (The toasts will probably not all be done at the same time, so remove the ones that are, and keep toasting). Remove toasts from the baking sheet to a separate container and let cool to room temperature. Preheat oven to 350°F. Brush 1 ta <END>
INPUT: Asian, onion, garlic, olive oil, tofu, rosemary
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tofu- and Walnut-Stuffed Mushrooms | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1 medium onion, diced small; 2 cloves garlic, peeled and finely chopped; 1/4 cup olive oil; 14 oz firm tofu, frozen and then defrosted (Freezing changes texture to a more meaty substance that soaks up flavor. Freeze in plastic wrap, thaw and ; 1/2 tsp dried rosemary, crumbled; 2 small tomatoes, finely chopped; 1/3 cup ground walnuts; 2 tsp mellow miso, or more for stronger flavor (available at health food stores); 1/2 tsp balsamic vinegar; 2 tbsp tomato paste; 12 large, fresh cremini or white mushrooms, wiped clean, stems removed; 1/4 cup chopped green onions | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350°F. In a large skillet, sauté onion and garlic in 2 tbsp oil, with a pinch of salt, until tender. Crumble tofu over onion and sauté another 5 minutes. Add rosemary and tomatoes and cook on low heat about 10 minutes or until mixture is fairly dry. Add walnuts, miso, vinegar, tomato paste, and salt and pepper to taste. Drizzle remaining 2 tbsp oil over mixture. Place mushrooms in a baking dish and fill each with about 1 tbsp stuffing, using a spoon and pressing firmly to pack. Bake 20 minutes. Remove and top each hors d'oeuvre with a sprinkle of green onion. Serve warm. Prehea <END>
INPUT: Indian, theresa, salad, celery, mayonnaise, onions, roasted chicken breast, Salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Theresa's Chicken Salad with Mango Chutney Mayonnaise | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon diced celery; 1 tablespoon mayonnaise; 1 tablespoon diced onions; 4 ounces roasted chicken breast, cooled and cut to small dice; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 croissant; Butter, for slathering; 1 ounce Mango Chutney Mayonnaise, recipe follows; 2 slices large vine-ripe tomato; 1 ounce iceberg lettuce, shaved; Sliced Swiss or Cheddar, optional; 1 tablespoon curry mango chutney; 1 tablespoon sliced ripe fresh mango, optional; 1 tablespoon mayonnaise | INSTRUCTIONS: Mix the celery, mayonnaise, onions, chicken and some salt and pepper until well incorporated. Chill until ready to use. Slice the croissant in half lengthwise, then slather with butter and grill the croissant in a small pan or on a griddle to crisp it up. Spread the Mango Chutney Mayonnaise on each side of the croissant. Add the tomato slices to the bottom half of the croissant and season with salt and pepper. Place the shaved lettuce on the tomatoes and add the chicken salad. Add the cheese if using. Place the top of the croissant on the sandwich and cut in half to serve. Mix together the chu <END>
INPUT: salad, hazelnuts, garlic, exotic mushrooms chanterelle, Champagne vinegar wine, fine sea salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Mushroom Salad with Frisée and Hazelnuts | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup hazelnuts; 1 garlic clove, halved; 1 lb fresh exotic mushrooms such as chanterelle, cremini, and shiitake, trimmed (discard shiitake stems); 1 1/2 tablespoons Champagne vinegar or white-wine vinegar; 3/4 teaspoon fine sea salt; 1/3 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 1 (8-oz) head frisée (French curly endive), trimmed and torn into bite-size pieces; 1 teaspoon hazelnut oil or white truffle oil (optional); Special equipment: 6 to 8 wooden skewers | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350°F. Roast nuts in a shallow baking pan in middle of oven until toasted, 10 to 12 minutes. Wrap in a kitchen towel and rub to remove skins from nuts (not all skins will come off). Cool nuts and coarsely chop. Rub a large salad bowl with cut sides of garlic, then discard garlic and add nuts to bowl. Prepare grill for cooking or preheat broiler. Thread mushrooms horizontally through caps onto skewers and arrange on a baking sheet. Whisk together vinegar and salt in a small bowl, then gradually whisk in olive oil until emulsified. Add pepper to taste. Brush a few tablespoons vin <END>
INPUT: smoothie, chia seeds, light coconut milk, mango, honey, lime juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mango, Coconut and Chia Smoothie | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 teaspoon chia seeds; 1/2 cup light coconut milk; 1/2 cup chopped peeled ripe mango (about 1/4 mango); 1 tablespoon honey, optional; 1 teaspoon fresh lime juice; 3/4 cup ice cubes | INSTRUCTIONS: Stir the chia seeds and coconut milk together in a small bowl. Allow to sit for 30 minutes so that the chia seeds plump slightly. Put the mango, 2 tablespoons cold water, honey if using, lime juice and ice cubes into a blender. Blend on high until very smooth. Add the chia seed and coconut milk mixture and pulse until just combined; avoid blending the chia seeds too much. Add 1 to 2 tablespoons of cold water if needed to adjust consistency. <END>
INPUT: Italian, risotto, chicken stock low, orange zest, thyme, Parmigiano Reggiano
OUTPUT: TITLE: Orzo "Risotto" | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 (1-lb) box orzo (rice-shaped pasta; not Greek); 2 cups chicken stock or low-sodium broth; 1 packed teaspoon finely grated fresh orange zest; 1/4 teaspoon finely chopped fresh thyme; 2 oz finely grated Parmigiano-Reggiano (1 cup); 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/2 teaspoon black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook orzo in a large pot of boiling salted water until barely al dente, 5 to 6 minutes. Drain in a colander and rinse under cold water to stop cooking. Transfer orzo to a 2-quart heavy saucepan and add stock, zest, and thyme. Simmer over moderate heat, stirring constantly, until stock is absorbed, about 5 minutes. Stir in cheese, butter, salt, and pepper and serve immediately. Cook orzo in a large pot of boiling salted water until barely al dente, 5 to 6 minutes. Drain in a colander and rinse under cold water to stop cooking. Transfer orzo to a 2-quart heavy saucepan and add stock, zest, and t <END>
INPUT: crostini, baby arugula, salt, garlic, grain mustard, maple syrup
OUTPUT: TITLE: Prosciutto and Cucumber Crostini with Arugula Mustard | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups baby arugula; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 1 clove garlic; 1/3 cup whole-grain mustard; 3 tablespoons maple syrup; 1 baguette; 1/4 cup olive oil; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/2 English cucumber, thinly sliced into ribbons with a vegetable peeler; 4 ounces prosciutto, thinly sliced, halved lengthwise | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the broiler to high. For the mustard: Place the arugula, salt and garlic in a food processor. Pulse until finely chopped. Add the mustard and maple syrup and puree until smooth. Transfer to a container and refrigerate until ready to use. (The mustard can be made up to 2 days in advance.) For the crostini: Slice the baguette on a steep bias into 1/4-inch slices; it should yield about 18 to 20 slices. Brush each slice with some of the olive oil and place on a baking sheet. Sprinkle with the salt and broil until golden brown and crunchy, 5 to 6 minutes. Set aside to cool. To assemble, spr <END>
INPUT: Asian, teriyaki seasoning, canola oil, scallion, ginger
OUTPUT: TITLE: Ginger Rice Stuffed Mushrooms | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon teriyaki seasoning, divided; 1/4 cup canola oil, divided; 1 (14-ounce) package button mushrooms, stems removed and chopped; 1 scallion, finely chopped; 2 teaspoons chopped ginger; 1 teaspoon chopped garlic; 1/2 pound ground pork; 3 tablespoons low-sodium soy sauce; 1 1/2 cups cooked white rice; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh cilantro, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. In a small bowl, combine 1/2 tablespoon teriyaki seasoning and 2 tablespoons canola oil. Place the mushroom caps onto a baking sheet and brush them with the oil mixture. Bake until they soften, about 15 minutes. While the mushrooms are baking, heat the remaining 2 tablespoons canola oil in a large skillet or wok over medium-high heat. Add the chopped mushroom stems, scallion, ginger, and garlic and cook for 2 minutes. Add the ground pork and cook until cooked through, about 5 minutes. Stir in the soy sauce and the remaining teriyaki seasoning. Add the rice an <END>
INPUT: pepper flakes, good quality organic, Pecorino
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pecorino and Honey Dip | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Pinch red pepper flakes; 1/4 cup good quality organic honey; 8 ounces dry Pecorino, sliced into finger-size bites (recommended: Sardo or Pienza) | INSTRUCTIONS: Add the hot pepper flakes to a small bowl and mix with the honey. Serve with the Pecorino. <END>
INPUT: burnt, sugar, water, whipping cream, egg yolks, vanilla extract
OUTPUT: TITLE: Burnt-Sugar Brûlée | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup plus 6 teaspoons sugar; 1 tablespoon water; 2 cups whipping cream; 5 large egg yolks; 1 1/2 teaspoons vanilla extract; 1/4 teaspoon salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 300°F. Place six 1/2-cup ramekins or soufflé dishes in 13x9x2-inch metal baking pan. Combine 1/2 cup sugar and 1 tablespoon water in heavy medium saucepan. Stir over medium-low heat until sugar dissolves. Increase heat and boil without stirring until syrup is deep amber color and just begins to smell slightly burnt, occasionally brushing down sides of pan with wet pastry brush and swirling pan, about 5 minutes. Slowly add cream (mixture will bubble vigorously); stir over low heat until any caramel bits dissolve and mixture is smooth. Remove from heat. Cool slightly. Combine egg <END>
INPUT: Asian, cookies, all purpose flour, sea salt, baking soda, unsalted butter, dark sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lemon Curd and Stem Ginger White Chocolate Chip Cookies | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups all-purpose flour (scooped); 1 teaspoon sea salt; 1/2 teaspoon baking soda; 2 sticks unsalted butter, softened; 1/2 cup dark brown sugar; 1/2 cup granulated sugar; 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract; 2 large organic eggs; 1/3 cup prepared lemon curd; 1/4 cup chopped stem ginger (about 3 balls of ginger); 2 teaspoons lemon zest (from about 1 lemon); 5 ounces white chocolate chips | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line 2 large baking sheets with parchment. Whisk together the flour, salt and baking soda in a medium bowl and set aside. Place the butter, brown sugar and granulated sugar into a stand mixer and beat on medium-high speed until combined. Scrap down the sides and mix briefly. Add the vanilla and eggs and beat on medium-high until combined. Mix in the lemon curd, stem ginger and lemon zest. Lower the speed to medium and slowly beat in the flour mixture in 2 batches. Fold in the white chocolate chips. Scoop 6 heaping tablespoons of dough onto each prepared bakin <END>
INPUT: pudding, loaf stale bread, golden raisins, sugar, eggs
OUTPUT: TITLE: Bread Pudding | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 loaf stale sliced white bread; 4 tablespoons (1/2 stick) butter; 1/2 cup golden raisins; 1 cup sugar; 3 large eggs, beaten; 2 cups milk; 2 tablespoons vanilla extract; 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350°F. Grease with butter 3-quart casserole dish. Butter both sides of bread slices, place on tin foil, and put into oven. Toast slices on both sides. Place raisins in bowl of hot water to plump. Cover, soak for 20 minutes, and drain. Combine sugar, eggs, milk, vanilla extract, and cinnamon. Mix well. Break up toasted bread, and put in casserole dish. Add drained raisins. Pour egg mixture over bread, and stir. Bake 40 minutes. Serve hot or cold. Preheat oven to 350°F. Grease with butter 3-quart casserole dish. Butter both sides of bread slices, place on tin foil, and put into o <END>
INPUT: American, panini, radicchio, virgin olive oil, Kosher salt pepper, Four ciabatta other, smoked ham
OUTPUT: TITLE: Smoked Ham, Roasted Radicchio, And Cheese Panini | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 head radicchio, cut through the core into 8 wedges; 1/4 cup extra virgin olive oil; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; Four 1/2-inch slices ciabatta or other good crusty bread; 6 thin slices smoked ham; 2 to 3 ounces assertive cheese, such as Gorgonzola or Camembert, crumbled or thinly sliced | INSTRUCTIONS: Roast the radicchio: Heat the oven to 350°F. Lay the wedges of radicchio on a small sheet pan and drizzle with about 2 tablespoons of the olive oil. Season with salt and pepper and cover the pan with aluminum foil. (Covering the pan allows the radicchio to steam and roast at the same time.) Cook until very tender and lightly browned, about 30 minutes. (The radicchio can be roasted a day ahead.) Heat the oven to 350°F. Lay the wedges of radicchio on a small sheet pan and drizzle with about 2 tablespoons of the olive oil. Season with salt and pepper and cover the pan with aluminum foil. (Coverin <END>
INPUT: Asian, olive oil, onion, celery, bell peppers, tomatoes juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: White Corn with Tomatoes, Bell Peppers and Ginger | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup olive oil; 2 cups chopped onion; 2 cups chopped celery; 2 cups chopped green bell peppers; 1 28-ounce can diced tomatoes in juice, drained, juice reserved; 2 1-pound bags frozen small white corn kernels; 1 teaspoon minced peeled fresh ginger; 1/2 teaspoon grated lemon peel; 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat olive oil in heavy large pot over medium-high heat. Add chopped onion, chopped celery and chopped green bell peppers and sauté until vegetables begin to soften, about 7 minutes. Add tomatoes and 1/2 cup reserved juice and bring to simmer. Add corn. Reduce heat to medium, cover and simmer 15 minutes. Mix in ginger, lemon peel and black pepper. Cover and simmer until vegetables are soft and corn is tender but not mushy, adding more reserved tomato juice if mixture is dry, about 10 minutes longer. Season to taste with salt. Heat olive oil in heavy large pot over medium-high heat. Add chopped <END>
INPUT: chilled, salad, shrimp, garlic, lemon juice, pepper flakes, orzo
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chilled Shrimp, Caper, and Orzo Salad with Sweet Corn and Cherry Tomatoes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons medium shrimp, peeled, deveined, and tails cut off; 1 clove garlic, minced; 3 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 1 teaspoon red pepper flakes; 1 cup orzo, cooked; 30 cherry tomatoes, halved; 2 scallions, white and tender green parts, finely chopped; 1 cup finely chopped red onion; 2 tablespoons capers, drained; 1 celery stalk, finely chopped; 1/2 cup fresh sweet corn; 2 teaspoons finely chopped fresh oregano; 3 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil; 1/2 teaspoons Kosher salt; Freshly ground black pepper to taste | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring a large saucepan 3/4 full of salted water to a boil over high heat. Add the shrimp and simmer until pink, about 5 minutes. Drain the shrimp and rinse quickly under cold water. Meanwhile, in a bowl, combine the garlic, lemon juice and red pepper flakes. Add the hot shrimp to the garlic mixture and marinate for 10 minutes along with orzo. In a large bowl, toss together the shrimp/orzo mixture with the marinade, scallions, red onion, capers, celery, fresh corn and tomatoes, and set aside. To make the dressing, in a small bowl, whisk together the oregano, olive oil, salt, pepper, lemon juice <END>
INPUT: cookies, salt, baking powder
OUTPUT: TITLE: Vanilla Sugar Cookies | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 1/3 cups plus 2 tablespoons (11-ounces) all-purpose flour; 1 teaspoon salt; 1 teaspoon baking powder; 3/4 cup (1 1/2 sticks; 6-ounces) unsalted butter; 1/2 cup plus 2 tablespoons (4-ounces) granulated sugar; 1 large egg; 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract | INSTRUCTIONS: In a medium bowl, sift together the flour, salt, and baking powder. Set aside. In the bowl of a standing mixer fitted with a paddle attachment, combine the butter and sugar and beat on medium speed until light and fluffy. Add the egg and vanilla and beat until combined. Add the flour mixture in 2 batches, scraping down the bowl after each addition. Beat until the dough just comes together, being careful not to over mix. Turn out the dough onto a lightly floured surface. Form the dough into a ball, wrap it in plastic, and refrigerate for 30 minutes. Place the ball of dough between 2 pieces of p <END>
INPUT: gravy, combined pan drippings, all purpose flour, water, turkey giblets, Coarse salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pan Gravy | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 cups combined pan drippings and turkey or chicken stock; 1/4 cup all-purpose flour; 1/2 cup water; Cooked chopped turkey giblets (optional); Coarse salt and freshly ground black pepper, to taste | INSTRUCTIONS: Use the drippings from the roasting pan, skim off all but 4 tablespoons of the fat in the pan. Place the pan over high heat. Add the turkey or chicken stock and bring to a boil, scraping the bottom to loosen browned bits. Reduce the heat. Mix the flour and water together and whisk into the gravy. Blend well; add the giblets if desired, and simmer 5 minutes. Season with salt and pepper, to taste.; <END>
INPUT: Butter, sugar, cake flour, cornstarch, baking soda
OUTPUT: TITLE: A Chocolate Cake That's Got It All | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Butter, for coating cake pans; 2 cups sugar; 1 3/4 cups cake flour; 2 tablespoons cornstarch; 1 teaspoon baking soda; 3/4 teaspoon salt; 2/3 cup unsweetened cocoa, preferably Dutch process; 1 teaspoon instant coffee; 3/4 cup boiling water; 1/2 cup sour cream; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; 4 large egg whites, at room temperature (you may want to save yolks to use in the frosting); 14 tablespoons (1 3/4 sticks) unsalted butter, melted, but not hot; Soft and Creamy Double Chocolate Frosting, recipe follows; Special equipment: 2 (8-inch) cake pans | INSTRUCTIONS: Adjust oven rack to lower-middle position and heat oven to 350 degrees F. Generously grease the cake pans with butter and dust with flour. Whisk sugar, flour, cornstarch, baking soda, and salt in a large bowl; set aside. Place cocoa and coffee in a medium bowl. Whisk in 3/4 cup boiling water to form a smooth paste. Stir in sour cream and vanilla and set aside. With a hand mixer in a medium bowl, beat egg whites to soft peaks. Without cleaning beaters, mix melted butter into dry ingredients until mixture is smooth. Immediately add cocoa mixture, and beat until batter is smooth, 2 to 3 minutes.  <END>
INPUT: souvlaki, swordfish steak, lemon juice, oregano, loaves pita bread, cucumber
OUTPUT: TITLE: Swordfish Souvlaki | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound skinless swordfish steak (about 1 inch thick), cut into 1-inch cubes; 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice; 1/2 teaspoon dried oregano, crumbled; 4 loaves 6-to-7-inch pita bread (preferably pocketless); 1 large cucumber; An 8-ounce container plain low-fat yogurt; 1 1/2 teaspoons chopped fresh mint leaves; 1/2 teaspoon chopped garlic, mashed to a paste with 1/2 teaspoon salt; 2 medium plum tomatoes, chopped coarse; 1/2 small red onion, cut into slivers; 1/4 cup fresh flat-leafed parsley leaves, washed well, spun dry, and torn; Four 12-inch bamboo skewers, soaked in water 1 hour | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: Four 12-inch bamboo skewers, soaked in water 1 hour Preheat oven to 200 degrees F. Prepare grill. In a bowl toss swordfish with lemon juice, oregano, and salt and pepper to taste and marinate, covered and chilled, 15 minutes. Wrap pitas in foil and keep warm in oven. Peel and seed cucumber and grate coarse. Wrap cucumber in a kitchen towel and squeeze to extract liquid. In a small bowl stir together cucumber, yogurt, mint, garlic paste, and salt and pepper to taste. In another bowl combine tomatoes, onion, parsley, and salt and pepper to taste. Thread fish onto skewers and g <END>
INPUT: Indian, Hampton Chutney's Mango, mangoes, jalapenos, ginger, lemon juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Hampton Chutney Co.'s Mango Chutney | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: Hampton Chutney's Mango Chutney:; 2 ripe mangoes, peeled, pitted, cubed; 2 jalapenos, chopped; 1-inch ginger, chopped (about 2 teaspoons); 1 tablespoon lemon juice; 1 tablespoon vinegar; Cilantro; Salt, to taste | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine all the ingredients in a small bowl. Enjoy! . For more information, or to order direct from the Hampton Chutney Company, call 1-888-CHUTNEE; <END>
INPUT: Mexican, brushed, served, chipotle pepper adobo, garlic, onion, Salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Shrimp Brushed with Chipotle Butter Served with Tomatillo Salsa | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2 sticks (1 cup) unsalted butter, softened; 1 canned chipotle pepper in adobo; 2 garlic cloves; 3 tablespoons coarsely chopped red onion; Salt and freshly ground pepper; 10 medium tomatillos, husked and coarsely chopped; 3 tablespoons finely diced red onion; 1 jalapeno, finely chopped; 3 tablespoons fresh lime juice; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1 teaspoon honey; 3 tablespoons coarsely chopped cilantro; Salt and freshly ground pepper; 48 large shrimp, shelled and deveined; Chipotle Butter | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine all ingredients in a food processor and blend until smooth. Season with salt and pepper to taste. Place in a small bowl. Can be refrigerated for 1 day, bring to room temperature before using.; Combine all ingredients in a medium bowl and season with salt and pepper, to tast; Preheat grill to high. Grill shrimp for 2 to 3 minutes on each side, brushing with the butter every 30 seconds, season with salt and pepper to taste. Serve on platter alongside Tomatillo Salsa.; <END>
INPUT: zealand, peppercorns, Dijon mustard, soy sauce, wine, thyme
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled New Zealand Lamb Rack | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon black peppercorns, plus ground pepper; 1/4 cup Dijon mustard; 1/4 cup soy sauce; 1/2 cup red wine; 2 sprigs thyme; 1/4 cup finely chopped garlic; 1/2 cup canola oil; 2 lamb racks, about 1 pound each, chine bone removed; 2 tablespoons chopped chives, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: In a small dry skillet, heat the peppercorns over medium heat until fragrant, 4 to 6 minutes. Transfer to a pan large enough to hold the racks and add the mustard, soy sauce, red wine, thyme, garlic, and oil. Mix, add the racks, and turn to coat them. Marinate in the refrigerator, turning occasionally, at least 8 hours and preferably overnight. Prepare an outdoor grill or preheat the broiler. Season the lamb with the salt and pepper and grill over high heat, or broil, turning once, until brown and crisp, 12 to 15 minutes. Let rest 3 minutes before slicing. <END>
INPUT: eggs, benedict, Herb Roasted Potatoes, English muffins, egg yolks, lemon, water
OUTPUT: TITLE: Eggs Benedict with Canadian Bacon and Spinach | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Herb Roasted Potatoes, recipe follows; 4 English muffins, split; 5 egg yolks* (See Disclaimer); 1 lemon, juiced; 2 tablespoons water; Salt; Pinch cayenne; 1 pound hot, melted butter; Extra-virgin olive oil; 8 slices Canadian bacon; 1 onion, minced; 1 package cooked, frozen spinach, thawed and drained in a colander (press the spinach against the side of the colander to extract as much water as pos; 2 tablespoons heavy cream; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 tablespoon white vinegar | INSTRUCTIONS: Foolproof Hollandaise: To make the Herb-Roasted Potatoes: Remove them from the oven and cover to keep warm. Turn the oven heat up to broil. Put the English muffin halves on a baking sheet and brown on both sides under the broiler. Remove to a plate. Reduce the oven heat to 200 degrees F and put the English muffins in the oven to keep warm. Heat 2 to 3 inches salted water to a simmer in a wide saucepan or deep skillet for the eggs; turn off the heat and cover to keep warm. Meanwhile, make the hollandaise. Combine the egg yolks, lemon juice, water, salt and cayenne in a blender and blend until l <END>
INPUT: lightly, overnight, steel Irish oats, fine sea salt, still apricots, apricot nectar, clover honey
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lightly Toasted Overnight Steel-Cut Oatmeal with Honey-Roasted Apricots and Pistachios | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups steel-cut Irish oats; 1/4 teaspoon fine sea salt; 8 ripe but still firm apricots, pitted and quartered; 1/2 cup apricot nectar; 1/4 cup clover honey; 4 whole cloves; 2 cinnamon sticks; 1 cup warm milk; 3/4 cup shelled pistachios, toasted and chopped; Rose water, for drizzling, optional | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 300 degrees F. Spread the oats on a baking sheet in an even layer and bake, stirring occasionally, until lightly toasted, about 15 minutes. In a large pot, bring 8 cups of water and the sea salt to a boil. Stir in the toasted oatmeal and cook for 1 minute. Cover the pot tightly and cool to room temperature. Refrigerate at least 8 hours or overnight. The next morning, preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Put the apricot quarters in a medium glass roasting pan and bake until slightly softened, about 10 minutes. While the apricots roast, combine the apricot nectar, honey, cloves <END>
INPUT: Italian, salad, bocconcini, multi colored, scallions, parsley leaves, basil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mozzarella Salad | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 16 pieces bocconcini, bite sized mozzarella balls; 1 pint multi colored, yellow or red heirloom cherry tomatoes; 4 scallions, whites and greens, thinly sliced on an angle; 1/2 cup coarsely chopped parsley leaves; 1/2 cup thinly sliced basil, 10 to 12 leaves; 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar, eyeball it; 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil, eyeball it; Salt and pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Halve the mozzarella and tomatoes and combine in bowl with scallions and herbs. Dress salad with vinegar, olive oil and season with salt and pepper, to taste. <END>
INPUT: griddled, oatcakes, steel oats, salt, whipping cream, pure maple syrup
OUTPUT: TITLE: Griddled Steel-Cut Oatcakes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 1/2 cups (or more) water; 1 3/4 cups steel-cut oats; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/4 cup whipping cream; 2 tablespoons pure maple syrup plus additional for serving; 1 tablespoon (packed) dark brown sugar; 1 tablespoon vanilla extract; Melted butter (for brushing); 2 pints strawberries, hulled, sliced | INSTRUCTIONS: Butter 13x9x2-inch metal baking pan or rimmed baking sheet. Bring 3 1/2 cups water to boil in heavy medium saucepan. Add oats and salt. Bring to boil; reduce heat to medium-low, cover, and simmer until oatmeal is tender but still firm to bite, stirring often and adding more water by 1/4 cupfuls if too thick, about 30 minutes. Add cream, 2 tablespoons maple syrup, sugar, and vanilla; stir until mixture thickens, about 3 minutes. Spread oatmeal in prepared pan. Cover with plastic wrap and chill until firm, at least 4 hours. DO AHEAD: Can be made 1 day ahead. Keep chilled. Cut chilled oatmeal int <END>
INPUT: unsalted butter, butternuts, hickory nuts, salt, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Butternut and Hickory Nut Ice Cream | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 3/4 cup butternuts (about 3 ounces), chopped; 3/4 cup hickory nuts (about 3 ounces), chopped; 1/4 teaspoon plus 1/8 teaspoon salt; 1 cup sugar; 1 tablespoon cornstarch; 4 large egg yolks; 2 1/2 cups milk; 1 teaspoon vanilla; 2 cups well-chilled heavy cream | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350° F. In a small saucepan melt butter and stir in nuts and 1/4 teaspoon salt. Transfer nuts to a baking sheet and bake in middle of oven until fragrant and one shade darker, about 6 minutes. Cool nuts completely. In a 2 1/2- to 3-quart heavy saucepan whisk together sugar and cornstarch and whisk in yolks, milk, and remaining 1/8 teaspoon salt until combined well. Cook custard over moderate heat, whisking, until it just comes to a boil and simmer, whisking, 1 minute. Transfer custard to a bowl and cool. Chill custard, covered, until cold. Stir in vanilla and cream until custar <END>
INPUT: virgin olive oil, button mushrooms, Kosher salt pepper, thyme, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: White Mushrooms and Spinach | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1 pound white button mushrooms, ends trimmed (but stems still attached) and washed, quartered and/or halved to the same size; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 4 sprigs fresh thyme; 4 small cloves garlic, peeled and smashed; 1/4 to 1/2 cup dry Marsala; 1/2 pound spinach leaves, washed and dried | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat a large saute pan or cast iron pan over medium heat. Add the olive oil and the mushrooms. Season with salt and pepper, to taste, and add the thyme and the garlic and saute. Cook until the mushrooms are tender and a lot of the liquid has evaporated from the bottom of the pan, 6 to 8 minutes. Add the Marsala and cook until the flavor of the alcohol has mellowed considerably, 3 to 5 minutes. Remove and discard the sprigs of thyme and the garlic. Shut the heat off and stir in the spinach leaves so they wilt slightly. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Transfer to a serving bowl and serve. <END>
INPUT: bread, all purpose flour, baking soda, salt, overripe bananas, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Banana Bread with Pecans | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups all-purpose flour; 1 1/2 teaspoons baking soda; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 4 overripe bananas; 1 cup sugar; 3/4 cup (1 1/2 sticks) unsalted butter, melted and cooled; 2 large eggs; 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract; 1/2 cup pecans, finely chopped; Confectioners' sugar, for dusting | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat oven to 350 degrees F and lightly grease a 9 by 5-inch loaf pan. In a large bowl, combine the flour, baking soda, and salt; set aside. Mash 2 of the bananas with a fork in a small bowl so they still have a bit of texture. With an electric mixer fitted with a wire whisk, whip the remaining bananas and sugar together for a good 3 minutes; you want a light and fluffy banana cream. Add the melted butter, eggs, and vanilla; beat well and scrape down the sides of the bowl. Mix in the dry ingredients just until incorporated; no need to overly blend. Fold in the  <END>
INPUT: chicken breasts, Kosher salt pepper, vegetable canola oil, wine, lemon juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken with Shallots | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 boneless chicken breasts, skin on (6 to 8 ounces each); Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 3 tablespoons vegetable or canola oil; 1/2 cup dry white wine; 1/3 cup freshly squeezed lemon juice (3 lemons); 1/4 cup minced shallots (1 large); 3 tablespoons heavy cream; 4 tablespoons (1/2 stick) unsalted butter, diced, at room temperature | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the oven to 425 degrees. Pat the chicken breasts dry with paper towels and sprinkle them generously on both sides with salt and pepper. In a 12-inch cast-iron skillet, heat the oil over medium-high heat for 2 minutes, until it begins to smoke. Place the chicken breasts, skin side down, in the skillet and cook for 4 to 5 minutes without moving, until golden brown. Using tongs, turn the chicken breasts skin side up, place the skillet in the oven, and roast for 12 to 15 minutes, until the chicken is cooked through. Meanwhile, in a medium saute pan, combine t <END>
INPUT: Italian, summer, soup, olive oil, garlic, onion, vegetable stock, basil leaves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Summer Yogurt Soup with Tomato and Basil | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1 clove garlic, sliced; 1/2 onion, small dice; 4 cups vegetable stock, or water; 1/2 cup basil leaves; Salt and pepper; 2 cups yogurt; 2 vine ripe tomatoes, cut small dice | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat oil over medium-high flame and saute garlic and onion until translucent, about 5 minutes. Add stock and bring to a boil. Reduce heat and simmer about 5 minutes. Let cool to room temperature and puree in blender or food processor for 30 seconds. Add basil, salt and pepper and blend for another 30 seconds. Add yogurt and pulse to mix. Keep chilled until ready to serve. When serving, add a couple of tablespoons of diced tomato on top of each bowl of soup. Season tomato with salt and serve. <END>
INPUT: venetian, reduced sodium chicken, garlic, onion, pancetta
OUTPUT: TITLE: Venetian Rice and Peas | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 5 cups reduced-sodium chicken broth; 1 garlic clove; 1 medium onion, quartered; 1/4 pound sliced pancetta; 2 (2- by 1-inch) strips lemon zest; 1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, divided; 1 (10-ounce) box frozen baby peas; 1 cup Arborio rice; 1/3 cup grated parmesan | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring broth to a simmer in a saucepan, then keep at a simmer. Meanwhile, turn on a food processor and drop in garlic, processing until finely chopped. Turn off processor, then add onion and pancetta and pulse until finely chopped. Cook onion mixture with zest in oil and 1 tablespoon butter in a 12-inch heavy skillet over medium-high heat, stirring once or twice, until onion is softened and just beginning to turn golden, about 6 minutes. Cook peas in broth 2 minutes. Strain broth into onion mixture, reserving peas, then stir in rice. Cook, covered, over high heat, stirring once after 5 minutes, <END>
INPUT: Asian, crisp, rolled oats, all purpose flour, pecans, light sugar, candied ginger
OUTPUT: TITLE: Apple and Pumpkin Ginger Crisp | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup rolled oats; 1/2 cup plus 2 tablespoons all-purpose flour, divided; 1/2 cup pecans, roughly chopped; 1/4 cup light-brown sugar; 2 tablespoons finely chopped candied ginger; 1/4 teaspoon kosher salt; 1/2 cup (1 stick) unsalted butter, melted and cooled; 1 1/2 pounds sugar or pie pumpkin or butternut squash, peeled, seeded, and cut into 1/2-inch cubes (1 pound when cubed); 2 pounds Granny Smith apples (4 to 5 apples), peeled, cored, and cut into 1/2-inch cubes; 1/2 teaspoon grated lemon zest, plus 1 tablespoon lemon juice; 1/4 cup granulated sugar; 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon; Vanilla ice cream, for serving | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350°F. In a large bowl, combine the oats, 1/2 cup flour, pecans, light-brown sugar, ginger, salt, and butter. Mix until large crumbs form, and refrigerate until ready to use. In a 9-by-13-inch baking dish, combine the pumpkin, apples, lemon zest and juice, sugar, cinnamon, and remaining 2 tablespoons flour; toss until mixed. Sprinkle the oat crumble over the apple mixture and bake until the topping is browned and juices are bubbling, about 45 minutes. Let stand for 15 minutes. Serve warm with vanilla ice cream. Preheat the oven to 350°F. In a large bowl, combine the oats, 1 <END>
INPUT: Mexican, gazpacho, seedless watermelon, cucumber, size bell pepper, jalapeño chile
OUTPUT: TITLE: Watermelon and Cucumber Gazpacho | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 3-pound seedless watermelon, diced (about 5 cups), divided; 1 small cucumber, peeled, seeded, diced (about 1 cup); 1 medium-size red bell pepper, seeded, diced (about 1 cup); 1 medium-size yellow bell pepper, seeded, diced (about 1 cup); 1 small jalapeño chile, seeded, minced; 3 pale green inner celery stalks, diced (about 1/2 cup); 1/2 small red onion, diced (about 1 cup); 1/4 cup finely chopped fresh mint; 3 tablespoons fresh lime juice; 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 1/2 cup crème fraîche or sour cream | INSTRUCTIONS: Puree 4 cups watermelon in blender until smooth. Transfer puree to large bowl. Add remaining 1 cup diced watermelon and next 10 ingredients; stir to combine. Cover gazpacho and refrigerate until cold, at least 1 hour and up to 4 hours. Divide gazpacho among bowls; top with dollop of crème fraîche. Puree 4 cups watermelon in blender until smooth. Transfer puree to large bowl. Add remaining 1 cup diced watermelon and next 10 ingredients; stir to combine. Cover gazpacho and refrigerate until cold, at least 1 hour and up to 4 hours. Divide gazpacho among bowls; top with dollop of crème fraîche. <END>
INPUT: celery root, Gala, salt, heavy cream
OUTPUT: TITLE: Celery-Root and Apple Purée | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 5 lb celery root (sometimes called celeriac); 4 Gala, Empire, or McIntosh apples (1 1/2 lb total); 1/2 stick (1/4 cup) unsalted butter; 2 teaspoons salt; 1 cup heavy cream; 1/2 teaspoon white pepper; 1/2 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg; Garnish: celery leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: Peel celery root with a sharp knife, then cut into 1-inch cubes. Peel and core apples, then cut into 1-inch pieces. Melt butter in a 6- to 8-quart heavy pot over moderately low heat, then add celery root, apples, and salt and stir to coat with butter. Cover with a tight-fitting lid and cook (without adding liquid), stirring occasionally, until celery root is tender, 50 minutes to 1 hour. Purée mixture in batches in a food processor until smooth, about 2 minutes per batch. Return purée to pot and stir in cream, white pepper, and nutmeg. Reheat, covered, over moderate heat, stirring occasionally <END>
INPUT: cape, tart, baking soda, unsalted butter margarine, superfine sugar, egg
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cape Brandy Tart with Brandy Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup pitted, chopped dates; 1 teaspoon baking soda; 2 1/2 tablespoons unsalted butter or margarine, softened; 1 cup superfine sugar; 1 large egg; 1 1/2 cups flour; Pinch of salt; 3 teaspoons baking powder; 1/2 cup pecans or walnuts, chopped; Brandy sauce; 1 to 2 cups whipped cream, for topping; 1/2 cup sugar; 1/2 tablespoon unsalted butter; 1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract; 1/4 cup brandy (or rum) | INSTRUCTIONS: To make tart: 1. Preheat the oven to 350°F. 2. Place the dates in a small bowl, pour 1 cup boiling water over them, then add the baking soda. Let dates stand for 10 minutes, or until soft. 3. In the bowl of an electric mixer with the beaters attached, combine the butter and sugar, and beat until creamy. Beat in the egg. Sift in the flour, salt, and baking powder. Add the date mixture, including the water, and the pecans. Mix well. 4. Line a lightly oiled or buttered 9-inch aluminum pie plate with parchment paper. (Alternatively, use a 9-inch springform pan.) Pour the date and nut mixture into  <END>
INPUT: dessertwich, butter, pear, Stilton, raisin bread
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Raisin Bread, Stilton, and Pear Dessertwich | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon butter; 1 ripe pear, peeled, cored, and sliced thinly (If a ripe pear cannot be found, saute slices in a tablespoon of butter over medium heat for 5 minutes, ; 3 ounces Stilton, sliced or crumbled finely; 4 slices raisin bread (ideally, cinnamon raisin) | INSTRUCTIONS: Divide ingredients in half and assemble two pear-and-Stilton "sandwiches". Melt butter in a saute pan over medium-low heat. When butter is fully melted, place both sandwiches in pan, cover, and cook for 2 minutes per side, or until browned like a conventional grilled-cheese sandwich. Keep a watchful eye on the pan when cooking the dessertwich; raisin bread will begin to burn only moments after it is browned to perfection. Remove from pan and slice each sandwich diagonally into 4 triangles. Serve immediately (ideally with Port). <END>
INPUT: spritzer, Ice cubes, Aperol, San Pellegrino other, half round orange
OUTPUT: TITLE: Aperol Spritzer | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Ice cubes; 1 (750 ml) bottle Prosecco, chilled; 12 ounces Aperol, such as Barbieri; San Pellegrino or other sparkling water, chilled; 6 half-round slices of orange or blood orange | INSTRUCTIONS: For each drink, fill a 14- to 16-ounce tumbler three-quarters full with ice. Fill each glass two-thirds full with Prosecco, add 2 ounces of the Aperol, a splash of San Pellegrino, and an orange slice, and stir. Serve ice cold. <END>
INPUT: legs, breast, leek, sweet onions, carrot, water
OUTPUT: TITLE: Braised Duck Legs and Sautéed Duck Breast | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 (6- to 7-pound) Long Island (Pekin) duck, excess fat from body cavity discarded; 1 leek, cut into 1-inch pieces; 2 large sweet onions (2 pounds total) such as Vidalia; 1 medium carrot; 1 quart water; 2 pounds parsnips; 1 tablespoon plus 1 teaspoon grapeseed or vegetable oil, divided; 1 (1-inch) piece peeled ginger; 1 teaspoon grated lemon zest; 3 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 1/4 cup chopped parsley; 3 garlic cloves, finely chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: Cut off legs, wings, and breasts from duck and cut up carcass and wing tips for stock. Remove any bones from breasts, leaving skin on. Chill legs, wings, and breasts in a sealable bag. Wash leek , then put in a 6- to 8-quarts pot with carcass, 1 onion (cut in half), carrot, water, 1/2 teaspoon salt, and 1/4 teaspoon pepper. Bring to a boil, skimming foam. Reduce heat and gently simmer, uncovered, skimming occasionally, 1 hour. Strain stock through a fine-mesh sieve into a large bowl, discarding solids. Skim off and discard fat. Preheat oven to 350°F with rack in middle. Coarsely chop remaining <END>
INPUT: pizza, crust, All Purpose Gluten, active yeast, psyllium husk powder, kosher salt, olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Gluten-Free Pizza Crust | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 350 grams All-Purpose Gluten-Free Flour Mix, recipe follows; 2 1/4 teaspoons active dry yeast; 1 teaspoon psyllium husk powder (see Cook's Note); 1 teaspoon kosher salt; 2 tablespoons olive oil, plus more for sprinkling; 1 large egg, at room temperature; 3/4 cup warm water; 400 grams millet flour; 300 grams sweet rice flour; 300 grams potato starch | INSTRUCTIONS: Combining the dry ingredients: Whisk together the flour mix, yeast, psyllium, and salt. Pour this mixture into the bowl of a stand mixer. Finishing the dough: With the stand mixer running on low, add the olive oil, then the egg. Slowly, pour in the water. Here's the important part: gluten-free pizza dough will not look the same as gluten dough. It will be far wetter, even a little like pancake batter. As you pour the water, look for the dough to come together around the paddle. However, when your turn off the mixer, the dough should slump off the paddle immediately. Letting the dough rise: Scr <END>
INPUT: relish, pineapple, sweet onion, serrano chile, thyme, distilled vinegar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pork Loin Chops with Pineapple Relish | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cups chopped fresh pineapple; 1/2 cup chopped sweet onion; 2 teaspoons finely chopped fresh serrano chile, including seeds; 1 teaspoon chopped thyme; 1 teaspoon distilled white vinegar; 1 teaspoon coriander seeds; 2 (1-inch-thick) boneless pork loin chops; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 2 tablespoons dark rum | INSTRUCTIONS: Toss together pineapple, onion, chile, thyme, vinegar, and 1/4 teaspoon salt. Grind coriander seeds in an electric coffee/spice grinder (or crush with flat side of a knife). Pat pork dry; sprinkle all over with coriander, 3/4 teaspoon salt, and 1/2 teaspoon pepper. Heat oil in a large heavy skillet over medium-high heat until it shimmers, then sauté pork, turning once, until well browned and just cooked through but still juicy, 6 to 10 minutes. Transfer pork to plates. Add pineapple mixture and rum to skillet and sauté, scraping up brown bits, 1 minute. Serve pork with relish. Toss together pi <END>
INPUT: granita, lemons, water, Sugar, thyme, limoncello
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lemon Granita | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 lemons; 4 cups water; Sugar, to taste; 3 sprigs thyme; 2 tablespoons limoncello | INSTRUCTIONS: Clean and wash the lemons. Cut off the top 1/4 of the lemons and shave a small slice off the bottom so it stands easily. Using a grapefruit knife, cut out the flesh of the lemon and place in a strainer set over a bowl. Be careful not to cut through the bottom. Stand the lemons on a cookie sheet and place in the freezer and freeze until solid. Press the flesh of the lemons through the strainer to extract all of the juice. You should end up with about 1 to 1 1/2 cups of lemon juice. Add the water to the lemon juice. Stir in sugar, a tablespoon at a time, until the mixture is of desired sweetness <END>
INPUT: American, cheese, Cheddar, Pepper Jack, Parmesan, butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Garlic Cheese Bread | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 3 1/2 cups grated Cheddar; 3/4 cup grated Pepper Jack; 1/2 cup grated Parmesan; 1/2 cup (real) mayonnaise; 1 1/4 sticks softened butter; 4 whole green onions (white and light green parts), minced; 1 dash salt; Freshly ground black pepper; 4 cloves garlic, finely minced; 1 loaf crusty French bread; 1/2 cup chopped fresh flat-leaf parsley | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Mix the cheeses with the mayonnaise, 1/4 stick of the softened butter and the green onions. Add the salt and pepper to taste and set aside or keep in the fridge until you need it. Melt the remaining 1 stick butter in a skillet over medium-low heat and add the garlic. Cook for a couple of minutes to release the garlic flavor. Cut the loaf of bread in half. Brush the garlic butter over each half, making sure it's evenly distributed. Spread the cheese mixture on the loaves and bake until the cheese is hot and bubbly, about 10 minut <END>
INPUT: Italian, meatball, sandwiches, portobello mushrooms, egg whites, Parmesan, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Meatball and Parmesan Sub Sandwiches | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 2 large portobello mushrooms, coarsely chopped, stems included (about 1 1/4 cups); 1 (10-ounce) box frozen chopped spinach, defrosted and drained; 2 egg whites; 1/2 cup grated Parmesan, divided; 1/2 teaspoon ground black pepper; 6 cloves garlic, crushed; 1 teaspoon salt; 1 tablespoon dried Italian seasoning; 2 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce; 1 pound lean ground turkey breast (with no skin); 1 tablespoon olive oil; 2 (14-ounce) cans crushed tomatoes; 2 (6-inch) submarine sandwich rolls | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat broiler. In the bowl of a food processor, place the mushrooms, spinach, egg whites, 1/4 cup Parmesan, pepper, garlic, salt, Italian seasoning, and Worcestershire sauce. Pulse until well blended. Transfer the mushroom mixture to a large mixing bowl. Add the ground turkey. Using your hands, combine the whole mixture, being careful not to over-mix. Form turkey mixture into 8 equal-size meatballs. Heat a nonstick 12-inch pan over medium heat and add olive oil. Add the meatballs and brown on all sides, about 10 minutes total. Drain any liquid in the pan and discard. Return meatballs to heat <END>
INPUT: rolls, Kosher salt, live lobsters, celery, lemon juice, chives
OUTPUT: TITLE: BA's Ultimate Lobster Rolls | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Kosher salt; 3 1 1/4-pound live lobsters; 1 celery stalk, finely chopped; 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh chives; 2-3 tablespoons mayonnaise; Freshly ground black pepper; 6 New England-style split-top hot dog buns; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, room temperature | INSTRUCTIONS: Pour water into a large pot to a depth of 1"; bring to a boil and salt generously. Add lobsters, cover, and cook until bright red, 8-10 minutes. Transfer lobsters to a rimmed baking sheet and let cool. Crack lobster shells, pick meat from tail and claws, and cut into 1/2" pieces. Mix lobster, celery, lemon juice, chives, and 2 tablespoons mayonnaise in a medium bowl; season with salt and pepper and add more mayonnaise, if desired. Heat a large skillet over medium heat. Spread flat sides of buns with butter. Cook until golden, about 2 minutes per side; fill with lobster mixture. DO AHEAD: Lobst <END>
INPUT: Italian, cheesecake, all purpose flour, sugar, salt, unsalted butter, egg yolk
OUTPUT: TITLE: Ricotta Cheesecake | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup all-purpose flour; 2 tablespoons sugar; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 5 tablespoons cold unsalted butter, cut into bits; 1 large egg yolk; 1/2 teaspoon vanilla; 1/2 teaspoon fresh lemon juice; 2 lb whole-milk ricotta, drained in a cheesecloth-lined sieve set over a bowl at least 6 hours, chilled; 6 large eggs, separated; 3/4 cup sugar; 3 tablespoons all-purpose flour; Finely grated zest of 1 lemon; Finely grated zest of 1 orange; 1/8 teaspoon salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350°F. Preheat oven to 350°F. Make crust: Pulse flour, sugar, salt, and butter in a food processor until mixture resembles coarse meal. Add yolk, vanilla, and lemon juice and pulse just until mixture begins to form a dough. Spread dough with a small offset spatula or back of a spoon over buttered bottom of a 24-centimeter springform pan and prick all over with a fork. Chill 30 minutes. Bake crust in a shallow baking pan (to catch drips) in middle of oven until golden brown, about 25 minutes, and cool on a rack. Increase temperature to 375°F. Pulse flour, sugar, salt, and butter <END>
INPUT: American, danish, egg yolk, all purpose flour, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate and Cheese Danish | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup (2 ounces) cream cheese, at room temperature; 1/4 cup (2 ounces) mascarpone cheese, at room temperature; 1 egg yolk; 1 tablespoon all-purpose flour; 3 tablespoons sugar; 1/2 teaspoon pure vanilla extract; 1/8 teaspoon fine sea salt; 1/2 cup mini chocolate chips; 2 (9-inch-square) sheets frozen puff pastry, thawed; 1 egg, beaten | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Put an oven rack in the center of the oven. Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Line 2 baking sheets with parchment paper. Set aside. Filling: In a small bowl, mix together the cheeses, egg yolk, flour, sugar, vanilla and salt until smooth. Fold in the chocolate chips. Set aside. Cut each sheet of pastry into 4 equal-sized squares. Put 4 pastry squares on each prepared baking sheet. Spoon about 2 to 3 teaspoons of the filling into the center of each piece of pastry. Fold 1 corner of the pastry diagonally over the filling to within 1-inch of the opposite corner. Us <END>
INPUT: crunchy, harvest, honey, Dijon mustard, Kosher salt, pepper, Belgian endive
OUTPUT: TITLE: Crunchy Almond Accents Harvest Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon honey; 2 teaspoons Dijon mustard; 1/4 teaspoon Kosher salt; Fresh ground black pepper; 2 heads Belgian endive; 6 cups mixed salad greens; 1 apple, thinly sliced; 3 ounces goat cheese; 3/4 cup Wonderful Almond Accents Sweet Roasted with Pomegranate; 1/4 cup olive oil; 2 tablespoons cider vinegar | INSTRUCTIONS: 1) In a large bowl whisk together the vinaigrette ingredients. 2) Core the endive and slice lengthwise into thin strips. Add the endive, greens and apples to the bowl; toss to coat well. 3) Serve salad on a large platter or divide to individual plates. Top with crumbed goat cheese and Almond Accents. <END>
INPUT: olive oil, pecans, long grain rice, shallots, carrot
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pecan Rice | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon olive oil; 1/4 cup chopped pecans; 1 cup long-grain rice; 2 tablespoons finely diced shallots; 1 tablespoon finely diced carrot; 1/4 teaspoon fine sea salt; 1/8 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 2 cups chicken stock; 1 tablespoon thinly sliced green onions, white and green parts | INSTRUCTIONS: Place a saucepan with a tight-fitting lid over medium heat. Add the olive oil and heat for 1 minute. Add the pecans and toast, stirring with a wooden spoon, until the nuts are fragrant, about 1 minute. Add the rice and toast for 2 minutes, stirring frequently. Add the shallots, carrot, salt, and pepper. Cook the rice and the vegetables for an additional 3 minutes. Add the stock, increase the heat to high, and bring the mixture to a simmer. Decrease the heat to low, cover, and cook for 12 minutes. Remove from the heat and let the rice sit, covered, for another 10 minutes. Stir in the green onio <END>
INPUT: American, country, round steak, Salt, Pepper, Spices, Beef tallow grease
OUTPUT: TITLE: Country Fried Steak | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 pounds boneless round steak; Salt; Pepper; Spices (what ever you have available); Beef tallow or grease; 1 quart buttermilk; 1 cup flour | INSTRUCTIONS: Cut steaks 3/4-inch thick. Pound the steaks with meat tenderizing hammer until about 1/4-inch thick. Season with salt and pepper, to taste, and rub on other spices if you have them. Start heating beef tallow or grease in Dutch oven. Be sure you have enough grease in the pan to cover the steaks (at least 1-inch.) Put the buttermilk in bowl and put the flour on a plate. Wet the steaks in buttermilk and then drag through flour making sure both sides have flour on them. If a thicker crust is wanted, then repeat this procedure again. When grease just begins to smoke, then you are ready to drop in a <END>
INPUT: Italian, smashed, tagliatelle pasta, olive oil, garlic, hot Italian sausage, peas
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tagliatelle with Smashed Peas, Sausage, and Ricotta Cheese | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound fresh or dried tagliatelle pasta (or other wide, long pasta); 2 tablespoons olive oil; 2 cloves garlic, chopped; 1 pound hot Italian sausage, casings removed; 1 pound frozen peas, thawed; 1 cup whole milk ricotta cheese; 1 bunch fresh basil leaves chopped (about 3/4 cup); 1/4 cup fresh grated Pecorino Romano cheese; 1 teaspoon salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil over high heat. Add the pasta and cook until tender but still firm to the bite, stirring occasionally, about 8 to 10 minutes if dry or according to package directions if fresh. Drain pasta reserving 1 cup of the pasta cooking water. Meanwhile, in a large, heavy skillet heat the olive oil and garlic over medium-high heat and add the sausage. Use a wooden spoon to break up the sausage into bite-sized bits. When the sausage has browned, about 5 minutes. Remove and set aside. Add the peas to the pan and, using the back of the wooden spoon, smash the peas <END>
INPUT: salad, cilantro leaves tender, flat leaf parsley, garlic, chiles, olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fried Eggplant, Tomato, and Cucumber Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup fresh cilantro leaves with tender stems; 1/2 cup fresh flat-leaf parsley leaves with tender stems; 1 garlic clove, chopped; 2 small green chiles, such as Thai, seeds removed, chopped, divided; 1/2 cup olive oil, divided; 3/4 teaspoon kosher salt, plus more; 3/4 cup plain whole-milk Greek yogurt; 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice; 2 medium eggplants (about 1 1/2 pounds), cut into 1 1/2" pieces; Vegetable oil (for frying; about 2 cups); 1 pound small tomatoes (about 8), cut into wedges; 1/2 pound Persian cucumbers (about 3), sliced; A deep-fry thermometer | INSTRUCTIONS: Purée cilantro, parsley, garlic, half of chiles, and 1/4 cup olive oil in a blender or food processor until very smooth; season herb oil with salt and set aside. Whisk yogurt, lemon juice, and remaining 1/4 cup olive oil in a small bowl; season with salt and set yogurt sauce aside. Place eggplants in a colander set in the sink; season with 3/4 teaspoon salt. Let sit 30 minutes to drain, then pat dry. Fit a medium pot with thermometer; pour in vegetable oil to measure 2". Heat over medium-high heat until thermometer registers 375°. Working in batches and returning oil to 375° between batches, f <END>
INPUT: salad, topped, artichoke hearts, lemon, asparagus spears, French beans, fennel bulbs
OUTPUT: TITLE: Artichoke, Fennel, Asparagus, Green Bean and Fresh Summer Truffle Salad, Topped with Grilled Halibut | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 artichoke hearts; 1 lemon, juiced; 8 asparagus spears (green or white); 4 ounces French green beans; 2 whole fresh fennel bulbs; 1 ounce summer truffles; 1 ounce shallots, finely diced; 1 ounce (2 tablespoons) olive oil; 1 ounce (2 tablespoons) truffle oil; 3 ounces (6 tablespoons) sherry vinegar; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; Four 5-ounce halibut fillets; 4 ounces fresh mesclun baby lettuce | INSTRUCTIONS: Trim outer leaves of artichokes all the way to the heart. Cook artichoke hearts in simmering water with lemon juice for approximately 7 to 8 minutes. Cool down in an ice water bath, and then cut into small sections. Peel and cook asparagus for 1 minute in simmering water. Cool down in an ice water bath to keep green. Cut each spear into 3 pieces, on the bias. Trim and snip green beans. Cook in boiling water for 2 minutes. Cool down in an iced water bath to keep green. Clean and trim fennel. Cut out center part, and then cook in boiling water for about 40 minutes, or until tender. Cool down in  <END>
INPUT: salt, cinnamon, Cornbread dressing, crumbled cornbread
OUTPUT: TITLE: Stuffed Pumpkin with Cornbread Stuffing | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 (3 to 4) pound pumpkin; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/2 teaspoon cinnamon; Cornbread dressing, recipe follows; 4 cups crumbled cornbread, recipe follows; 2 cups toasted bread, cut into 1-inch cubes; 10 saltine crackers; 2 cups vegetable stock; 3 celery stalks, diced; 1 medium onion, diced; 2 large eggs; 1/2 stick butter; 1 teaspoon dried sage; Salt and pepper; 2 cups cornmeal | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Cut stem section from the pumpkin and remove seeds. Sprinkle inside with salt and cinnamon. Place hollowed pumpkin on a baking sheet in oven and roast for 20 minutes. Remove and fill with cornbread dressing (recipe follows) leaving 1 to 2 inches at the top for expansion. Increase oven temperature to 375 degrees. Place stuffed pumpkin in oven and bake for another 35 to 40 minutes or until pumpkin is tender, dressing is set and nicely browned on top. Combine cornbread, toasted bread and crackers in mixing bowl. Pour stock into saucepan and add celery and onion. Bri <END>
INPUT: stewed, chayote, tomatoes, garlic, vegetable oil, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Stewed Chayote with Tomato and Epazote | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 pounds chayote (about 2 medium); 2 small tomatoes, roasted (see Note); 2 cloves garlic, roughly chopped; 2 tablespoons vegetable oil; 1/4 cup finely chopped white onion; 3 Arbol chiles; 1 1/4 cups water; 1 teaspoon salt; 3 tablespoons roughly chopped epazote leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: Peel the chayotes and cut them into 1/4 inch julienne, including the core and seeds. Set aside. In a blender jar, combine the tomatoes and garlic and blend for a few seconds, until fairly smooth. Set aside. In a large heavy skillet, heat the oil over medium low heat. Saute the onion with the whole chiles for about 2 minutes, without browning. Add the tomato garlic puree and continue cooking, stirring and scraping the bottom and corners of the pan for about 3 minutes, until thickened and reduced. Add the chayote, water, and salt. Cover the pan and cook over medium heat, shaking every so often t <END>
INPUT: Asian, soup, chicken stock low, water, Thai curry paste, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Thai-Style Chicken and Rice Soup | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 8 cups chicken stock or low-sodium chicken broth (64 fl oz); 4 cups water; 1 tablespoon Thai green curry paste*; 4 garlic cloves, coarsely chopped; 1 (2-inch) piece peeled fresh ginger, coarsely chopped; 1 teaspoon coriander seeds, crushed; 2 cups loosely packed whole fresh cilantro leaves plus 1/2 cup chopped (from 2 large bunches); 1 cup jasmine rice; 3/4 lb boneless skinless chicken breast, thinly sliced crosswise, then slices cut lengthwise into thin strips, or 3/4 lb medium shrimp in shell (31 to; 1 (13- to 14-oz) can unsweetened coconut milk, stirred well; 1/4 lb snow peas, trimmed and cut diagonally into 1/4-inch strips; 2 tablespoons Asian fish sauce; 2 tablespoons fresh lime juice; 1 1/2 teaspoons salt, or to taste; Accompaniment: lime wedges | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine stock, water, curry paste, garlic, ginger, coriander seeds, and whole cilantro leaves in a 3- to 4-quart saucepan, then simmer, uncovered, until ginger is softened, about 15 minutes. Pour through a paper-towel-lined sieve into a 5- to 6-quart heavy pot and discard solids. Stir rice into soup and simmer, uncovered, stirring occasionally, until tender, about 15 minutes. Add chicken or shrimp and poach at a bare simmer, uncovered, until just cooked through, about 3 minutes. Stir in coconut milk, snow peas, and fish sauce and simmer, uncovered, until peas are crisp-tender, about 2 minutes. <END>
INPUT: anchovy, sauce, olive oil, Kosher salt, onions
OUTPUT: TITLE: Braised Brisket with Parsley Anchovy Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons plus 1/2 cup olive oil; Kosher salt; 1 (3-pound) brisket, point cut; 3 large onions, sliced (about 8 cups); 2 (12-ounce) lager beers; 2 pounds small red potatoes (6 to 8); 3 bunches fresh flat-leaf parsley leaves (about 4 cups); 10 to 12 cloves garlic (about 1 head); 8 oil-packed anchovies; 4 hard-boiled egg yolks; 1/4 cup freshly squeezed lemon juice (about 2 lemons) | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Heat 2 tablespoons olive oil over medium heat in a large Dutch oven. Salt the brisket all over and sear on all sides until brown, about 10 minutes. Set aside. Add the onions and cook until tender, about 10 minutes, stirring occasionally to make sure the onions do not burn. Return the brisket to the pan and add the beer. Bring to a simmer, cover, and place in the oven. Braise until fork tender, about 3 hours. Let cool while making the potatoes and sauce. 2. Boil the potatoes in a medium saucepan with salted water until fork tender, 15 to 20 minutes. Set 2 p <END>
INPUT: American, tart, shallots, mustard, lingonberries sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Ham with Tart Berry Sauce | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 8-ounce (scant 1/2 inch thick) ham steak, cut into 2 pieces; 2 tablespoons (1/4 stick) butter; 2 tablespoons minced shallots; 2 teaspoons dry mustard; 1/4 cup lingonberries in sugar (preserves) or whole-berry cranberry sauce; 2 tablespoons water; 1 1/2 tablespoons red wine vinegar | INSTRUCTIONS: Sprinkle ham generously with pepper. Melt 1 1/2 tablespoons butter in medium nonstick skillet over medium-high heat. Add ham and sauté until brown at edges, about 2 minutes per side. Transfer ham to plates; tent with foil to keep warm. Reduce heat to medium. Add remaining 1/2 tablespoon butter to same skillet. Add shallots and mustard and stir until shallots begin to soften, about 2 minutes. Mix in lingonberries, water and red wine vinegar. Stir until sauce thickens, about 1 minute; season sauce to taste with salt and pepper. Spoon sauce over ham and serve. Sprinkle ham generously with pepper. <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, pinenuts, butter, fennel bulb, fennel seeds, low salt chicken, water
OUTPUT: TITLE: Couscous with Fennel and Pinenuts | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 tablespoons butter; 1 large fresh fennel bulb, cut into 1/4-inch cubes (about 2 cups); 1/2 teaspoon fennel seeds, coarsely ground in mortar with pestle or in spice mill; 2 cups low-salt chicken broth; 1 cup water; 2 cups couscous (about 12 ounces); 1/4 cup pine nuts, toasted; 3 tablespoons chopped fresh chives | INSTRUCTIONS: Melt butter in large saucepan over medium heat. Add fennel cubes and fennel seeds; sprinkle with salt and pepper. Sauté until fennel cubes are almost tender, about 5 minutes. Add broth and 1 cup water; bring to boil. Stir in couscous. Remove from heat; cover and let stand until liquid is absorbed, about 10 minutes. Fluff with fork; stir in nuts and chives. Season with salt and pepper. Melt butter in large saucepan over medium heat. Add fennel cubes and fennel seeds; sprinkle with salt and pepper. Sauté until fennel cubes are almost tender, about 5 minutes. Add broth and 1 cup water; bring to b <END>
INPUT: cubes watermelon, mint leaves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Watermelon-Mint Ice Cubes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 cups 1-inch cubes seeded watermelon (about 1/4 large melon); 4 tablespoons (about) sugar; Fresh mint leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: Puree watermelon in processor (there should be about 4 cups). Mix in sugar by tablespoonfuls to sweeten to taste. Pour into 2 to 3 ice cube trays. Rinse mint leaves and place 1 leaf atop puree in each cube. Cover and freeze until cubes are solid, at least 4 hours and up to 2 days. Puree watermelon in processor (there should be about 4 cups). Mix in sugar by tablespoonfuls to sweeten to taste. Pour into 2 to 3 ice cube trays. Rinse mint leaves and place 1 leaf atop puree in each cube. Cover and freeze until cubes are solid, at least 4 hours and up to 2 days. <END>
INPUT: American, buffalo, nonfat sour cream, crumbled cheese, skim milk, mayonnaise, Kosher salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Buffalo Cauliflower with Blue Cheese Sauce | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1/3 cup nonfat sour cream; 2 tablespoons crumbled blue cheese; 1 tablespoon skim milk; 2 teaspoons mayonnaise; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1/4 cup hot sauce, such as Frank's; 1 tablespoon freshly squeezed lemon juice; 2 tablespoons olive oil; Kosher salt; 8 cups cauliflower florets (from about 1 medium head) | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. For the cheese sauce: Whisk together the sour cream, blue cheese, milk, mayonnaise, 1/8 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of pepper in a small bowl. Cover and refrigerate until chilled, about 30 minutes For the Buffalo cauliflower: Meanwhile, microwave the butter in a small microwave-safe bowl on high until melted. Whisk in the hot sauce and lemon juice and set aside. Mix olive oil, 1/4 teaspoon salt and 1/2 cup water in a large bowl. Add the cauliflower and toss until well coated. Spread the cauliflower on a rimmed baking sheet an <END>
INPUT: cajun, Mrs. Dash® Spicy, sugar, juice lemon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cajun Grilled Chicken | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 Tbsp. Mrs. Dash® Extra Spicy Seasoning Blend; 4 boneless, skinless chicken breasts; 2 tsp. brown sugar; juice of one lemon; cooking spray | INSTRUCTIONS: Low-Sodium Recipe 1. Neatly score each chicken breast on both sides with a sharp knife. 2. Mix together in large bowl, Mrs. Dash® Extra Spicy Seasoning Blend, brown sugar and lemon juice. Add the breasts and coat thoroughly. Let rest 5-10 minutes. 3. Heat a grill or cast iron grill plate. Spray with cooking spray. 4. Grill chicken breasts on each side, 6-8 minutes, or until fully-cooked. Put on plate, cover, and let rest 3-4 minutes. Spoon remaining juices over the top of each breast. <END>
INPUT: cocktail, Mandarin oranges, vodka, Champagne sparkling wine, lemon sorbet, mint leaves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mandarin Orange Champagne Cocktail | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup Mandarin oranges, canned in light syrup; 1/2 cup vodka; 1/4 cup Champagne or sparkling wine, your preference; 2 cups lemon sorbet; Fresh mint leaves, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Place the Mandarin oranges, vodka, sparkling wine and lemon sorbet in a blender and puree. Divide among champagne glasses and serve with a mint leaf. <END>
INPUT: garbanzos, panela, pineapple, Serving topping rice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Garbanzo, Pineapple, Panela (or Piloncillo), and Canela Topping | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 pound dried garbanzos (chickpeas); 1 1/2 cups panela (cane sugar) or piloncillo; 1 (4-inch) stick canela (cinnamon); 1 cup roughly chopped pineapple; Serving suggestions: a topping for rice pudding, ice cream, or cake | INSTRUCTIONS: Soak the garbanzo beans in 2 quarts of water for 12 hours, then drain. Add 2 quarts fresh water to the pot with the garbanzos. Bring to a boil and boil for 30 minutes. To another pot, add 2 quarts of water. Add the panela, canela, and pineapple, bring to a boil, and cook for 1 hour, stirring constantly. Drain the beans when tender, and set aside to cool. When cool, remove each individual skin from each bean, this process can be time consuming. While the panela combination is still hot, fold in the garbanzos. Serve hot on top of rice pudding, ice cream, or cake. <END>
INPUT: pudding, heavy cream, milk, vanilla bean, egg yolks, granulated sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pumpkin Bread Pudding with Spicy Caramel Apple Sauce and Vanilla Bean Creme Anglaise | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups heavy cream; 1 cup whole milk; 1 vanilla bean, seeds scraped; 6 large egg yolks; 1/2 cup granulated sugar; 3 tablespoons pure maple syrup; 1 cup pure canned pumpkin puree; 2 tablespoons bourbon; Pumpkin Bread, toasted and cubed, recipe follows; Vanilla Bean Creme Anglaise, recipe follows; Spicy Caramel Apple Sauce, recipe follows; Freshly whipped cream; 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened, plus more for greasing; 1 3/4 cups all-purpose flour; 1/2 teaspoon fine salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Combine the cream, milk, vanilla bean and seeds in a small saucepan over medium heat and bring to a simmer. Whisk together the yolks, sugar, maple syrup, and pumpkin puree in a large bowl. Slowly whisk in the hot cream mixture until combined, remove the vanilla pod, and whisk in the bourbon. Strain the custard into a clean bowl. Scatter the pumpkin bread cubes in a buttered 9 by 13-inch baking glass baking dish. Pour the custard over the bread, pressing down on the bread to totally submerge it in the custard. Let sit for 15 minutes to allow the bread to soak  <END>
INPUT: layer, cake, blanched almonds, confectioners sugar, egg whites, salt, granulated sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Apricot Almond Layer Cake | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 12 oz sliced blanched almonds (3 3/4 cups) or blanched slivered almonds (2 3/4 cups); 3 1/3 cups confectioners sugar; 6 large egg whites; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 6 tablespoons granulated sugar; 6 oz dried California apricots (1 1/2 cups), finely chopped; 1 1/2 cups water; 3 tablespoons apricot preserves; 1 cup sliced blanched almonds (3 oz); 1/2 cup confectioners sugar; 1 1/2 cups imported Italian mascarpone cheese (10 oz); 1/4 cup well-chilled heavy cream; 1/4 cup Disaronno Amaretto or other almond-flavored liqueur; Special equipment: parchment paper | INSTRUCTIONS: Make macaroon layers: Trace 2 (8-inch) circles on 1 sheet of parchment paper and a third circle on second sheet. Turn sheets over and put on 2 baking sheets. Pulse almonds with 1 1/3 cups confectioners sugar in a food processor until very finely ground (mixture will resemble sand), 2 to 3 minutes. Transfer to a large bowl and sift in remaining 2 cups confectioners sugar, then stir until combined well. Beat egg whites with salt in a large bowl with an electric mixer at medium speed until they just hold soft peaks. Add granulated sugar a little at a time, beating, then increase speed to high and <END>
INPUT: mashed, assorted root vegetables, garlic, salt, heavy cream
OUTPUT: TITLE: Savory Mashed Root Vegetables | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 pounds assorted root vegetables, such as carrots, parsnips, turnips, and rutabaga, coarsely; 4 garlic cloves; 1 teaspoon salt; 2 cups heavy cream; 1/2 cup (1 stick) unsalted butter; 1 handful fresh thyme sprigs; 1 handful fresh rosemary sprigs; 2 bay leaves; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 bunch fresh chives, chopped; Extra-virgin olive oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Place all the vegetables and garlic in a large pot and fill with cool water to cover; season with a teaspoon of salt. Bring to boil over medium heat and simmer for about 30 minutes, until the vegetables are very tender. While the vegetables are cooking, combine the heavy cream, butter, and herbs in a pot and heat over low flame to melt the butter and infuse the herb flavor into the cream - do not allow to boil. Shut off the heat, cover, and let steep until needed. When ready to use, remove the herb stems and the bay leaves. Drain vegetables and put them into a la <END>
INPUT: Italian, spaghetti, meatballs, olive oil, garlic, pepper flakes, bay leaves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Our Favorite Spaghetti and Meatballs | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup olive oil; 12 garlic cloves, peeled; 4 (28-ounce) cans whole tomatoes; 1/2 teaspoon red pepper flakes; 2 dried bay leaves; 2 teaspoons kosher salt; 1 1/2 teaspoons dried oregano; 1/2 teapoon freshly ground pepper; 2/3 cup (packed) basil leaves; 1 cup roughly torn day-old Italian bread; 1 cup whole milk; 8 ounces ground beef; 8 ounces ground pork; 8 ounces ground veal; 3 large eggs, beaten to blend | INSTRUCTIONS: Make the tomato sauce: Heat a large, wide pot over medium-low and add oil and garlic. Cook, stirring occasionally, until garlic is golden brown on all sides (if it starts to burn, reduce heat), 8–10 minutes. While garlic cooks, break up tomatoes into smaller pieces with a paring knife or kitchen shears. When garlic is almost ready, add red pepper flakes and cook, stirring occasionally, until toasted and fragrant, about 30 seconds. Add tomatoes, bay leaves, salt, oregano, and pepper and stir, breaking up tomatoes with a wooden spoon, until well combined. Increase heat slightly and gently simmer <END>
INPUT: tropical, parfaits, whipping cream, lime juice, lime peel
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tropical Sorbet and Ice Cream Parfaits | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons (1/4 stick) unsalted butter; 1/2 cup (packed) golden brown sugar; 1/2 cup whipping cream; 1 tablespoon fresh lime juice; 1/2 teaspoon grated lime peel; Pinch of salt; 1 1/3 cups mango sorbet; 1 cup chopped peeled cored fresh pineapple; 1 cup diced peeled pitted mango; 3/4 cup sweetened flaked coconut; 1 1/3 cups vanilla ice cream | INSTRUCTIONS: Melt butter in heavy small saucepan over medium-high heat. Whisk in brown sugar and cream; bring to boil. Add lime juice, lime peel and salt. Boil until sauce is reduced to 3/4 cup, whisking occasionally, about 2 minutes. Set caramel-lime sauce aside. Place 1/3 cup sorbet in each of 4 parfait glasses or wineglasses. Top sorbet with 1/4 cup pineapple, 1/4 cup mango, 2 tablespoons coconut, 2 tablespoons sauce and 1/3 cup ice cream. Sprinkle each parfait with 1 tablespoon coconut and drizzle with 1 tablespoon sauce. Serve immediately. Melt butter in heavy small saucepan over medium-high heat. Whi <END>
INPUT: wine, dandelion flowers, boiling water, sugar, Meyer lemon, orange
OUTPUT: TITLE: Dandelion Wine | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 cups dandelion flowers; 6 cups boiling water; 2 1/2 cups sugar; 1 Meyer lemon, thinly sliced; 1 orange, thinly sliced | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. Place dandelion flowers in a large heatproof container. Pour boiling water over top. Cover and let steep for at least 4 hours and up to 24 hours. When making dandelion wine, cleanliness is key. Make sure your kitchen counters, hands, and all utensils are sterile. 2. Pour the resulting tea through a fine-mesh strainer into a large pot or saucepan, pressing the petals to extract as much flavor as possible. Discard blossoms and bring tea to a boil. 3. Place sugar in a heatproof 1-gallon jar. Pour boiling dandelion tea into jar and stir to dissolve. Add lemon and orange slices. Cover jar and le <END>
INPUT: melon, cantaloupe, cassis liqueur syrup, French vanilla ice, blackberries
OUTPUT: TITLE: Melon, Cassis and French Vanilla Ice Cream with Blackberries | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 ripe cantaloupe, quartered and seeded; 1/2 cup cassis liqueur or syrup; 1 pint French vanilla ice cream; 1/2 pint blackberries | INSTRUCTIONS: Cut a sliver off each melon wedge so that it will sit evenly on dessert plate. Pour 2 tablespoons of cassis liqueur or syrup across each melon wedge. Soften ice cream in microwave on high for 10 seconds. Scoop 1 ball of French vanilla ice cream onto each wedge of melon. Garnish dessert with a few blackberries and serve. <END>
INPUT: Asian, water, ginger, Zest lemon, milk, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Ginger Ice Milk | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cups water; 1/2 cup coarsely chopped peeled ginger (2 1/2 ounces); Zest of 1 lemon, stripped off with a vegetable peeler; 2 cups whole milk; 1/2 cup sugar; 2 large eggs | INSTRUCTIONS: 1 Bring the water to a boil in a medium saucepan. Remove from the heat and stir in the ginger and lemon zest. Cover the pan and allow the mixture to steep for 10 minutes. Strain the mixture into a large bowl and cool it to room temperature. 2 Combine the milk and sugar in a large saucepan and whisk to mix. Place over medium heat, stirring occasionally to make sure the sugar dissolves. 3 Meanwhile, whisk the eggs in a bowl to break them up. 4 When the milk boils, whisk a third of it into the eggs. Return the remaining milk to a boil over low heat and whisk in the egg mixture in a stream. Cook t <END>
INPUT: Mexican, street, salad, corn, queso fresco, cilantro, Juice lime, cayenne pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Street Corn Salad with Cilantro Butter Shrimp, Pico de Gallo and Avocado Purée | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 ear of corn, shucked; 4 tablespoons grated queso fresco; 2 tablespoons chopped cilantro; Juice of 1/2 lime; 1 teaspoon cayenne pepper; 1/2 teaspoon ground cumin; 2 tablespoons olive oil; Salt and freshly ground pepper to taste; 1/2 medium yellow onion, minced; 2 medium tomatoes, seeded and diced; 1/4 fresh jalapeño chile, minced; Juice of 1 lime; 3 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro; 1/2 tablespoon ground cumin; Salt to taste | INSTRUCTIONS: Make the corn salad: Prepare the grill (medium-high heat). Grill the corn on the grill rack, covered, turning occasionally, until lightly charred in spots, about 10 minutes. Using tongs, transfer the corn to a platter and let it cool, then cut the kernels from the cob. In a bowl toss the corn with the remaining corn salad ingredients. Season the salad with salt and freshly ground black pepper. Prepare the grill (medium-high heat). Grill the corn on the grill rack, covered, turning occasionally, until lightly charred in spots, about 10 minutes. Using tongs, transfer the corn to a platter and le <END>
INPUT: pumpkin seeds, canola oil, ancho chili powder, kosher salt, chile de arbol
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spicy Pumpkin Seeds | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 cups pumpkin seeds; 2 tablespoons canola oil; 1 1/2 tablespoons ancho chili powder; 1 tablespoon kosher salt; 1 teaspoon chile de arbol powder | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Place the pumpkin seeds in a large bowl and toss with the oil, ancho powder, salt, and chile de arbol powder. Spread evenly on a baking sheet and bake for 8 to 10 minutes, stirring once. Let cool and store in an airtight container. <END>
INPUT: balls, pre turkey breast, olive oil, Salt pepper, celery, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Turkey Balls | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pre-cooked turkey breast (recommended: Ruford); 1/4 tablespoon olive oil, plus more for sweating vegetables; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 cup diced celery; 1 cup diced onion; 1/4 cup minced fresh sage leaves; 4 sprigs fresh thyme, leaves chopped; 15 cups cubed bread; 4 cups chicken stock; 8 cups cheesy mashed potatoes; Oil, for deep-frying | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Special equipment: a deep fryer Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Coat the turkey with the olive oil, season with salt and pepper and put into a roasting pan. Transfer to the oven and roast until warmed through. Let cool. Combine the celery, onion, sage leave and thyme in a stockpot and sweat in a little olive oil. Add the bread and the stock and cook for 10 minutes. Remove from the heat and cool. Transfer to a large bowl. Heat the oil in a deep-fryer. Dice the turkey and add, along with the mashed potatoes, to the stuffing bowl. Form the mixture into medium-siz <END>
INPUT: soup, beans, water, canola other vegetable, slab bacon, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Black Bean Soup | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups dried black beans; 6 cups cold water; 3 tablespoons canola or other vegetable oil; 4 ounces slab bacon, rind discarded, cut into 1/4-inch dice; 1 medium onion, peeled and cut into 1/4-inch dice; 1 large carrot, peeled and cut into 1/4-inch dice; 3 large cloves garlic, minced; 8 cups chicken stock, canned low-sodium broth, or water, or more as needed; 4 bay leaves; Coarse (kosher) salt and freshly ground black pepper, to taste; 1/2 teaspoon Tabasco sauce, or more to taste; 1 tablespoon dry sherry or Madeira; 1 teaspoon wine vinegar, preferably sherry vinegar but white wine or red wine vinegar will do; For garnish: sour cream, diced onion, chopped fresh cilantro leaves, chopped hard-cooked egg | INSTRUCTIONS: Pick over the beans, discarding any stones or bits of debris. Place the beans in a colander or strainer and rinse well under cold running water. Drain. Place the beans in a large stockpot or bowl, add the water (it should cover the beans by 2 inches) and soak for 8 hours or overnight in the refrigerator. Heat the oil in a very large stockpot over medium-low heat. Add the bacon and saute, stirring occasionally, until browned, about 15 minutes. Add the onion, carrot, and garlic to the pot and sweat, uncovered, stirring occasionally, until the vegetables are soft but not browned, about 10 minutes <END>
INPUT: American, Pastry Pie Dough, sweet potatoes, eggs, light sugar, orange
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sweet Potato Pie | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: Pastry Pie Dough for 1 (9-inch) pie pan or 1 (10-inch) tart shell, recipe follows; 2 cups cooked sweet potatoes, peeled, boiled and drained and mashed; 4 eggs; 1 cup light brown sugar; 1 orange, juiced; 1 cup heavy cream; 1/2 stick unsalted butter, melted; 1/2 teaspoon cinnamon; 1/2 teaspoon allspice; 1/4 teaspoon fresh grated nutmeg; 4 1/2 cups flour; 12 ounces cold diced butter; 2 teaspoons salt; 3/4 to 1 cup ice water | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Blind bake tart shell for 10 minutes in a preheated 350 degree oven. In a mixing bowl, combine ingredients thoroughly. Pour sweet potato mixture into tart shell and return to 350 degree oven and bake for 25 minutes or until center is set. In a food processor, combine the flour, butter and salt and pulse until the mixture is very coarse. Pour the flour/butter into a large bowl and add the ice water. Pour out onto a clean, flat surface into a large log. Using the palm of your hand, gently push and pull the mixture to form it into a dough. Do not knead, you are just <END>
INPUT: clafouti, pineapple, sugar, unsalted butter, eggs, all purpose flour
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pineapple Clafouti | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups fresh pineapple, diced; 1/2 cup sugar; 8 tablespoons unsalted butter, room temperature; 2 eggs; 1 cup all-purpose flour; 1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1/4 teaspoon ground cloves; 1/4 teaspoon ground ginger; 1/4 teaspoon ground nutmeg; 2 teaspoons baking soda; Pinch kosher salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. In a medium bowl, sprinkle the pineapple with half of the sugar, and set aside. In another medium bowl, beat together the butter, remaining sugar, and eggs. In a third medium bowl, combine the flour, cinnamon, cloves, ginger, nutmeg, baking soda, and salt. Add the wet ingredients to the dry, and fold in 2/3 of the pineapple. Spoon the mixture into a small baking dish, or 4 ramekins, and scatter the rest of the pineapple onto the top. Bake for 16 to 22 minutes, or until a toothpick comes out cleanly. <END>
INPUT: slaw, unsalted, garlic, golden raisins, wine vinegar, carrots
OUTPUT: TITLE: Carrot and Beet Slaw with Pistachios and Raisins | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 cup unsalted, shelled raw pistachios; 2 garlic cloves, crushed; 3/4 cup golden raisins; 1/4 cup white wine vinegar; 6 medium carrots (about 1 pound), peeled, julienned; 2 medium beets (any color; about 1 pound), peeled, julienned; 1/2 cup (packed) fresh flat-leaf parsley leaves; 1/4 cup (packed) fresh mint leaves; 3 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 1/2 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes; Kosher salt, freshly ground pepper; 1/3 cup extra-virgin olive oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350°F. Spread out pistachios on a small rimmed baking sheet; toast, stirring occasionally until golden brown, 6-8 minutes. Let cool; coarsely chop. Combine garlic, raisins, and vinegar in a large bowl; let sit 1 hour. Remove garlic from raisin mixture and discard. Add carrots, beets, pistachios, parsley, mint, lemon juice, and red pepper flakes; season with salt and pepper and toss to combine. Add oil; toss gently. Preheat oven to 350°F. Spread out pistachios on a small rimmed baking sheet; toast, stirring occasionally until golden brown, 6-8 minutes. Let cool; coarsely chop. C <END>
INPUT: green, salad, plain nonfat yogurt, mayonnaise, lemon juice, cider vinegar, honey
OUTPUT: TITLE: Carrot, Green Apple and Mint Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/3 cup plain nonfat yogurt; 2 tablespoons mayonnaise; 1 tablespoon lemon juice; 1 tablespoon cider vinegar; 1 teaspoon honey; 1 pound carrots, peeled and trimmed; 1 Granny Smith apple, cored; 2 tablespoons roughly chopped fresh mint leaves; Salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Fold a full sheet of paper towel into quarters and place it in a small bowl. Spoon the yogurt on top of the paper towel. Place it in the refrigerator for 20 minutes so the yogurt can drain and thicken. In a small bowl whisk together the thickened yogurt and the mayonnaise, until smooth. Whisk in the lemon juice, vinegar, and honey. Grate first the carrots and then the apples in a food processor. Transfer them to a large bowl and stir to combine. Pour the dressing over the carrot mixture and toss. Add the mint and season with salt. Serve chilled. <END>
INPUT: American, casserole, sweet potatoes, ounds yams, pears, sugar, cinnamon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Maple Walnut Sweet Potato Casserole | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 pounds sweet potatoes, peel, sliced 1/4-inch thick; 2 ounds yams, peeled, sliced 1/4-inch thick; 2 pears, large, ripe, peeled, cored, thinly sliced; 1/4 c brown sugar; 1 t cinnamon; 1/4 c maple syrup; 1/4 c butter, cut into small pieces; 1 c California walnuts, coarsely broken or chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350°F and lightly butter a 13x9-inch baking dish. Place yams and sweet potatoes in a large pot fitted with a steamer basket and steam for 15 minutes or until almost fully cooked. (Or place in a large covered bowl with 1 inch of water and microwave on HIGH.) Place half in the bottom of prepared dish and top with half the pears. Repeat layers. Stir together brown sugar and cinnamon and sprinkle over the top. Drizzle with syrup and dot with butter. Top with walnuts and bake for 30 minutes. <END>
INPUT: southern, chicken, poultry seasoning, eggs, milk, all purpose flour
OUTPUT: TITLE: Southern Fried Chicken with Buttered Mashed Potatoes and Sauteed Peas and Tomatoes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 whole chicken, cut into 8 pieces; 1 tablespoon poultry seasoning; 2 eggs, whisked; 3/4 cup milk; 1 cup all-purpose flour; Vegetable oil, for frying; Salt and freshly ground pepper; Buttered Mashed Potatoes, recipe follows; Sauteed Peas and Tomatoes, recipe follows; 2 large white potatoes, peeled and cubed (recommended: Russets); 2 tablespoons butter; Salt and pepper; 1 1/2 cups fresh peas; 1 tablespoon butter; 1 cup diced tomatoes | INSTRUCTIONS: Rub the chicken pieces on both sides with the poultry seasoning. In a medium bowl, whisk the eggs and the milk together. In a separate bowl, sift together flour, salt and pepper. Dip the chicken in the egg and milk mixture, and then dredge the chicken in the flour mixture. Heat enough oil to generously cover the bottom of a large, deep pan over medium-high heat. Fry the battered chicken until all sides are golden brown and the meat is cooked through. Serve with Buttered Mashed Potatoes and Sauteed Peas and Tomatoes. In a large pot, add the potatoes and pour just enough water to fully cover the <END>
INPUT: Mexican, virgin olive oil, aged balsamic vinegar, Sea salt, pepper, spears asparagus
OUTPUT: TITLE: Crab with Asparagus and Heirloom Tomatoes | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil; 2 tablespoon aged balsamic vinegar; Sea salt; Coarsely ground black pepper; 12 spears asparagus, ends trimmed 2 inches; Vegetable oil cooking spray; 2 shallots, minced; 8 heirloom tomatoes, seeded and diced; 2 cups crabmeat, chopped; 2 cucumbers, seeded and diced; 2 tablespoon finely chopped chives; 2 cups diced red, yellow or purple bell peppers; 2 tablespoon nonfat plain yogurt; Juice of half a lime; 2 tablespoon minced fresh cilantro | INSTRUCTIONS: Turn on broiler. Whisk together oil and vinegar in a bowl. Season with salt and pepper; set aside. Place asparagus on a baking sheet with sides and spray with cooking spray; roll each spear until fully coated in oil. Broil asparagus 8 to 10 minutes or until spears begin to brown. Remove from baking sheet and set aside to cool. Meanwhile, combine shallots and tomatoes in a bowl. Season with salt and pepper; set aside. In a separate bowl, combine crabmeat, cucumbers and chives. Season with salt and pepper; set aside. Place bell peppers in a separate bowl; drizzle with 2 teaspoons reserved vinaig <END>
INPUT: roast, gravy, turkey, Sherry wine vinegar, orange juice, Currant Pecan Stuffing
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roast Turkey with Sherry Wine Vinegar Gravy | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 14- to 16-pound turkey; 1/2 cup Sherry wine vinegar; 1/4 cup orange juice; Currant Pecan Stuffing; 6 tablespoons (3/4 stick) unsalted butter, room temperature; 6 tablespoons all purpose flour; 3 cups chicken stock or canned low-salt broth | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 325°F. Rinse turkey inside and out. Pat dry. Transfer to roasting pan. Mix vinegar and orange juice in bowl. Pour over turkey. Spoon 5 1/2 cups stuffing into main cavity and 1 cup stuffing into neck cavity of turkey. Close cavities with skewers. Place remaining stuffing in casserole; cover. Season turkey with salt and pepper. Tuck wings under turkey. Tie legs together. Rub butter all over turkey. Cover with foil and roast 1 1/2 hours. Remove foil. Increase oven temperature to 350°F. Continue roasting until thermometer inserted into thickest part of thigh registers 175°F, bastin <END>
INPUT: American, cranberry, crescents, cream cheese, sugar, salt, all purpose flour
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pecan-Cranberry Cream Cheese Crescents | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 sticks (12 tablespoons) unsalted butter, at room temperature; 4 ounces cream cheese, at room temperature; 1/2 cup plus 2 tablespoons sugar, plus more for sprinkling; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 1 3/4 cups all-purpose flour, plus more for dusting; 1/2 cup dried cranberries, chopped; 1 cup pecans, finely chopped; 1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 3 tablespoons milk, plus more for brushing | INSTRUCTIONS: Beat the butter, cream cheese, 2 tablespoons sugar and the salt in a large bowl with a mixer on low speed until smooth and creamy, about 2 minutes. Add the flour and mix until crumbly, about 1 minute. Turn out onto a lightly floured surface and lightly knead with your hands to make a soft dough. Wrap in plastic wrap and refrigerate until firm, at least 1 hour or overnight. Position racks in the upper and lower thirds of the oven; preheat to 350 degrees F. Line 2 baking sheets with parchment paper. Make the filling: Put the dried cranberries and 1 tablespoon water in a medium microwave-safe bow <END>
INPUT: American, oatmeal, bars, unsalted butter, all purpose flour, old fashioned rolled, firmly sugar, cinnamon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Oatmeal Cream Cheese Butterscotch Bars | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 sticks unsalted butter, at room temperature, cut into pea-sized pieces, plus more for pan; 2 cups all-purpose flour; 1 1/2 cups old fashioned rolled oats; 3/4 cup firmly packed brown sugar; 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1 (11-ounce) bag butterscotch chips; 1 (8-ounce) package cream cheese, at room temperature; 1 (14-ounce) can sweetened condensed milk; 1 lemon, zested and juiced; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Drape a 9 by 13-inch pan with overlapping pieces of aluminum foil, creating handles for easy removal. Butter the paper, and reserve. In a food processor add the flour, oats and brown sugar and pulse to combine. Add the 2 sticks of butter, the cinnamon and the butterscotch chips. Pulse, pulse, pulse until the mixture forms clumps when pressed between your fingers. Transfer the mixture to a large bowl. Press half of the mixture into the bottom of the prepared pan in an even layer, reserve the other half. Bake in the preheated oven just until slightly golden and <END>
INPUT: zabaglione, vanilla bean, water, sugar, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Vanilla-Poached Apricots with Zabaglione | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 vanilla bean, halved lengthwise; 1 1/2 cups water; 1 cup sugar; 3 (4- by 1-inch) strips fresh lemon zest; 1/8 teaspoon salt; 1 1/4 pounds firm-ripe fresh apricots, halved lengthwise and pitted; 3 large egg yolks; 1/3 cup sugar; 2 tablespoons dry white wine (preferably Swiss) | INSTRUCTIONS: Poach apricots: Scrape seeds from vanilla bean into a 2-quart saucepan, then add pod, water, sugar, zest, and salt. Bring to a boil, uncovered, over high heat, then boil 1 minute. Carefully add apricots, then reduce heat and poach at a bare simmer, turning over once, until fruit is tender but still holds its shape and skins are still intact, 2 to 6 minutes. Transfer apricots and syrup to a large shallow bowl and cool to room temperature, about 1 1/2 hours. Scrape seeds from vanilla bean into a 2-quart saucepan, then add pod, water, sugar, zest, and salt. Bring to a boil, uncovered, over high h <END>
INPUT: buttered, cranberry juice cocktail, apple cider, cinnamon, dark rum, honey
OUTPUT: TITLE: Hot Buttered Cranberry Cider | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 cups cranberry juice cocktail; 4 cups apple cider; One 3-inch cinnamon stick; 1 cup dark rum; 2 tablespoons honey, or to taste; 6 tablespoons (3/4 stick) unsalted butter, cut into bits | INSTRUCTIONS: In a stainless steel or enameled saucepan combine the cranberry juice, the cider, and the cinnamon stick, bring the liquid to a boil, and simmer the mixture for 10 minutes. Remove the pan from the heat, stir in the rum, the honey, and the butter, and stir the mixture until the butter is melted. Ladle the cider into heated mugs. In a stainless steel or enameled saucepan combine the cranberry juice, the cider, and the cinnamon stick, bring the liquid to a boil, and simmer the mixture for 10 minutes. Remove the pan from the heat, stir in the rum, the honey, and the butter, and stir the mixture un <END>
INPUT: American, cornell, steak, apple cider vinegar, kosher salt, sugar, peppercorns
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cornell Chicken with Grilled Steak Fries | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups apple cider vinegar; 1/3 cup kosher salt; 2 tablespoons sugar; 8 whole cloves; 8 black peppercorns; 8 sprigs fresh rosemary; 8 fresh sage leaves; 8 sprigs fresh thyme; Two 3 1/2-pound chickens, halved, keel bones and wing tips removed; Canola oil, for brushing; 3 tablespoons dried sage; 1 tablespoon dried marjoram; 1 tablespoon freshly ground black pepper; 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh rosemary; 1 tablespoon dried thyme | INSTRUCTIONS: For the brine: Whisk 8 cups cold water, the vinegar, salt, sugar, cloves, peppercorns, rosemary, sage and thyme until the salt and sugar are dissolved. Add the chicken, cover and refrigerate for at least 1 hour and up to 2 hours. Do not brine any longer than 2 hours or the chicken will start to break down. For the spice mixture: Stir the sage, marjoram, pepper, rosemary, thyme, celery seeds and ground cloves in a small bowl. For the sauce: Whisk the vinegar, mustard, honey, rosemary, thyme and sage in a bowl until smooth. Remove the chicken from the refrigerator 30 minutes before grilling. Rin <END>
INPUT: garlic, olive oil, Salt pepper, orange juice, shrimp
OUTPUT: TITLE: Orange and Roasted Garlic Shrimp Skewers | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 large head garlic, top sliced off; 3 tablespoons olive oil; Salt and freshly ground pepper; 2 cups orange juice; 20 large shrimp, peeled, deveined, shells reserved; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 8 (6-inch) wooden skewers, soaked in water; 1/4 cup flat leaf parsley, finely chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat grill to high. Place garlic in the center of a piece of aluminum foil, drizzle with the olive oil and season with salt and pepper to taste. Place on the grill, close the cover and let roast for 30 to 40 minutes, until garlic is soft. Squeeze roasted cloves into a bowl. Heat the side burner. Place the orange juice and 1/2 of the reserved shrimp shells in a medium saucepan, bring to a boil and cook orange juice is reduced to 3/4 cup. Strain the reduced orange juice into a blender and add the roasted garlic and olive oil and blend until smooth. Let cool completely. Place shrimp in a large <END>
INPUT: American, casserole, potatoes, cauliflower, Kosher salt, leek, olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Kale and Cauliflower Casserole | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 pounds red potatoes, scrubbed well and quartered; 1/2 head medium cauliflower, cored and cut into florets; Kosher salt; 1 large leek, pale green and white parts only, chopped; 2 tablespoons olive oil; Freshly ground black pepper; 1 bunch kale, stems removed and chopped (6 ounce bunch); 3/4 cup whole milk; 1/3 cup sour cream; 1/4 cup freshly grated Parmesan; 2 tablespoons butter, cut into pats | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Add the potatoes and cauliflower to a large pot and cover with cold water. Season with a big pinch of salt and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat to a simmer and cook until tender, 15 to 20 minutes. Drain the potatoes and cauliflower in a colander. Add the chopped leek to a small bowl and cover with water. Let sit and soak for a few minutes to remove all the grit. Drain well and pat dry with paper towels. Heat the olive oil in a large skillet. Add the leeks and saute until tender, 3 to 4 minutes. Season with salt and pepper. Add t <END>
INPUT: American, dressing, cheese, mayonnaise, garlic, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Blue Cheese Dressing | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 4 oz. blue cheese; 1 (3 oz.) pkg. cream cheese, softened; 2 cups mayonnaise; 1 clove garlic, minced; 1/4 tsp. pepper; 1/4 cup Crisco® Light Olive Oil or 1/4 cup Crisco® Pure Canola Oil | INSTRUCTIONS: CRUMBLE blue cheese in medium bowl. Blend in cream cheese. Stir in mayonnaise, garlic and pepper. Mix well. Slowly add oil until smooth. COVER and store in refrigerator. Stir before serving. <END>
INPUT: brulee, sweet potatoes, organic heavy cream, dark sugar, bourbon, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Bourbon-Sweet Potato Brulee | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 pounds sweet potatoes (3 to 4 medium to large); 2 cups organic heavy cream; 1/2 cup dark brown sugar; 1/3 cup bourbon; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/2 teaspoon nutmeg; 5 to 7 tablespoons turbinado sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Pierce the sweet potatoes all over with a fork, and then bake on a shallow baking pan until soft, about 1 hour (no need to wrap in foil). Remove the potatoes to cool. Lower the oven temperature to 325 degrees F. While the potatoes are cooling, whisk together the cream, brown sugar, bourbon, salt, and nutmeg. (You could also add cinnamon, though it may suggest pumpkin pie flavors and will over shadow the smoky bourbon flavor.) Peel the potatoes, and then cut into 2-inch pieces and mash until very smooth. Add the mashed potatoes to the cream mixture and whisk w <END>
INPUT: American, double, graham cracker crumbs, sugar, strawberry ice cream, vanilla ice cream
OUTPUT: TITLE: Double Strawberry Ice Cream Pie | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup graham cracker crumbs; 6 tablespoons (3/4 stick) butter, melted; 2 tablespoons sugar; 1 pint strawberry ice cream, slightly softened; 1 pint vanilla ice cream, slightly softened; 1 16-ounce package frozen unsweetened strawberries, thawed, undrained; 16 large marshmallows; 2 egg whites, room temperature; 1/4 cup sugar; 1/8 teaspoon salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 400°F. Combine graham cracker crumbs, butter and 2 tablespoons sugar and press into 9-inch-diameter pie pan with 1 1/2-inch-high sides. Bake until edges begin to darken, about 8 minutes. Cool completely. Spoon strawberry ice cream evenly into crust. Freeze 25 minutes. Spread vanilla ice cream over. Cover tightly and freeze until firm, about 1 hour. (Can be prepared 1 week ahead.) Strain 2 tablespoons juice from strawberries. Stir marshmallows with juice in heavy small saucepan over low heat until melted. Cool completely. Meanwhile, beat whites in medium bowl to soft peaks. Grad <END>
INPUT: oyster sauce, soy sauce, butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Soy Butter Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon oyster sauce; 1 tablespoon soy sauce; 1 pound butter | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat the oyster sauce and soy sauce and bring to a boil, then whisk in butter. <END>
INPUT: sauce, butter, onion, garlic, leaves epazote, squash blossoms
OUTPUT: TITLE: Red Snapper in Squash Blossom Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon butter; 1/2 onion, sliced; 1 garlic clove; 5 leaves epazote; 1 pound squash blossoms (using only the flower petals); 2 cups cream; Salt and pepper; 4 red snapper fillets (7 ounces each); 1 can huitlacoche; 1 cup corn; 16 squash blossoms; Vegetable Oil | INSTRUCTIONS: In a saucepan, add the butter, the onion, garlic and epazote and cook until the onion is transparent. Add the squash blossoms and cook until the flowers wilt. Place the flowers and the sauce in a blender, add the cream and salt and pepper. Blend well and return a sauce to the saucepan and warm up. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F: Place the red snapper fillets on an oven tray. Add salt and pepper. Cook in the oven for 15 minutes or until opaque and firm. Garnish and side dish: In a saucepan, add the butter and melt. Add the huitlacoche, the corn.and salt and pepper, to taste. In another sauce <END>
INPUT: hollandaise, diablo, salt, light sugar, vegetable oil, egg yolks
OUTPUT: TITLE: Beef Tenderloin with Hollandaise Diablo | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup salt; 1/2 cup light brown sugar; 1 (4 to 5-pound) beef tenderloin, trimmed; 4 tablespoons vegetable oil; 5 large egg yolks; 1 1/2 cups butter, melted and very warm; 2 lemons, juiced; 2 teaspoons tomato paste; Dash hot pepper sauce, or cayenne pepper; Kosher salt | INSTRUCTIONS: To make Beef Tenderloin: Preheat oven to 500 degrees F. In a small bowl, combine the salt and brown sugar and then pour onto a baking sheet. Roll the tenderloin in the salt and sugar mixture, so that the tenderloin is completely covered. In a large braising pan, heat the oil over high heat. Place the whole tenderloin in the hot oil and cook for 4 to 6 minutes on all 4 sides. Remove from the heat and place the tenderloin on a baking sheet. Finish cooking in the oven for 20 to 25 minutes, or until the internal temperature of the meat is 140 degrees F. Remove from the oven and let rest for 10 to  <END>
INPUT: berry, hazelnuts, ­virgin olive oil, Juice zest lemon, plain kefir, honey
OUTPUT: TITLE: Berry Spinach Salad With Toasted Hazelnuts | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/3 cup hazelnuts; 1/4 cup extra-­virgin olive oil; Juice and finely grated zest of 1 lemon; 2 tablespoons plain kefir; 1 teaspoon honey; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 1/2 pound salad greens, such as mesclun, baby kale, or spinach; 4 carrots, peeled and thinly sliced; 2 cups radishes, trimmed and thinly sliced; 1 pint berries such as raspberries or blueberries | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven or toaster oven to 350°F. Spread out the hazelnuts in a single layer on a rimmed baking sheet. Toast in the oven until the skins split and the nuts turn a deep golden brown, 10 to 12 minutes. While still hot, rub the hazelnuts in a clean kitchen towel to remove the skins (some bits of skin will remain). Cool for 5 minutes, then chop. Combine the oil, lemon zest and lemon juice, kefir, honey, salt, and pepper in a small bowl and whisk until smooth. Divide the salad greens among four plates. Top with the carrots, radishes, and berries and drizzle with the dressing. Garnish with  <END>
INPUT: Italian, sauce, rigatoni, sun tomatoes olive, garlic, ready tomatoes, Kalamata olives
OUTPUT: TITLE: Rigatoni with Spicy Sun-Dried Tomato Sauce | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound rigatoni; 1 8.5-ounce jar sun-dried tomatoes in olive oil with herbs, drained, 1 tablespoon oil reserved; 1 tablespoon minced garlic; 1 29-ounce can ready-cut tomatoes; 1/2 cup Kalamata olives, pitted, chopped; 1 cup fresh chopped basil; 1 cup crumbled feta cheese(about 4 ounces); 3/4 cup freshly grated Parmesan cheese (about 2 ounces) | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook pasta in large pot of rapidly boiling salted water until just tender but still firm to bite, stirring occasionally. Meanwhile, heat oil reserved from sun-dried tomatoes in heavy large skillet over medium heat. Add garlic and cook 30 seconds. Add sun-dried tomatoes, ready-cut tomatoes and their liquid and olives and bring to boil. Reduce heat and simmer until sauce thickens slightly, about 4 minutes. Mix basil and both cheeses and stir until cheeses melt. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Remove sauce from heat. Drain pasta. Add to skillet; toss to coat with sauce. Transfer to bowl; se <END>
INPUT: pretzel, twists, milk, active yeast, honey, unbleached all purpose, wheat flour
OUTPUT: TITLE: Honey-Wheat Pretzel Twists | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup/120 ml whole or 2 percent milk; 1 tsp active dry yeast; 3 tbsp honey; 1 cup/125 g unbleached all-purpose flour; 1 cup/125 g whole-wheat flour; 1 tbsp unsalted butter, at room temperature, plus more for greasing the bowl; 1 tsp fine sea salt, such as fleur de sel or sel gris; 4 qt/3.8 L water; 1 egg yolk beaten with 1 tbsp water; Coarse salt for topping | INSTRUCTIONS: Warm the milk in a small saucepan over low heat until it reaches between 100 and 115°F/38 and 45°C. Immediately pour the warm milk into the bowl of a stand mixer or a large bowl and sprinkle in the yeast. Add 1 tbsp of the honey, stirring until it is dissolved. Allow the yeast to bloom until it is foamy, 5 to 7 minutes. Add the remaining 2 tbsp of honey, the all-purpose flour, whole-wheat flour, butter, and fine sea salt to the yeast mixture and stir to form a shaggy mass. Attach the bowl and the dough hook to the stand mixer and begin kneading on medium-low speed. After about 1 minute the dou <END>
INPUT: alaska, almond oil, blanched almonds, sugar, milk, heavy cream
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate Baked Alaska | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons almond oil; 2 cups blanched and sliced almonds; 2 1/4 cups sugar; 2 cups whole milk; 1/2 cup heavy cream; 3/4 cup unsweetened best-quality cocoa powder (recommended: Valrhona); 4 ounces bittersweet chocolate, finely chopped; 4 extra-large egg yolks; 2 tablespoons coffee liqueur (recommended: Kahlua); 2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract; 1/2 teaspoon fine sea salt; Cooking spray; 1 cup plus 2 tablespoons all-purpose flour; 1 1/2 teaspoons baking powder; Scant 1/2 teaspoon baking soda | INSTRUCTIONS: For the ice cream: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Brush 1 baking sheet with almond oil; set aside. Place the almonds on another baking sheet and toast them until light golden brown, 5 to 7 minutes. In a medium, heavy-bottomed saucepan, combine 1 1/2 cups sugar and 1/2 cup water and cook over medium-high heat, without stirring, until a medium amber color. Remove the caramel from the heat, immediately add the almonds and stir quickly to thoroughly combine. Turn out onto the prepared baking sheet, spreading quickly to an even thickness. Allow the brittle to cool completely. Coarsely chop and  <END>
INPUT: Italian, fettuccine, broth, olive oil, onion, carrot, celery, shells roasted lobsters
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fettuccine in Lobster Broth with Shrimp, Crawfish and Crabmeat | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1 large onion, chopped; 1 small carrot, chopped; 1 stalk celery, chopped; Chopped shells of 2 roasted lobsters; 1 cup white wine; 6 cups water; 3 cloves garlic; 2 plum tomatoes, chopped; 1 bay leaf; 6 sprigs parsley; 3 tablespoons creme fraiche; 2 teaspoons chipotle puree; Salt and freshly ground pepper; Fresh chives | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat olive oil in a medium saucepan over medium heat. Add the onion, carrot and celery and cook until soft. Add the lobster shells and cook for five minutes. Raise the heat to high, add the wine and cook until reduced by half. Add the water, garlic, tomatoes, bay leaf and parsley and bring to a boil. Reduce heat and simmer for 40 minutes. Strain into a clean medium saucepan. Bring the broth to a boil and reduce to 2 cups, whisk in the creme fraiche and chipotle puree. Add the chives and season with salt and pepper to taste. Heat oil in a medium saute pan over high heat. Season the shrimp with  <END>
INPUT: cured, peppercorns, coriander seeds, dill seeds, allspice berries, juniper berries
OUTPUT: TITLE: Beet-Cured Salmon | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 teaspoons black peppercorns; 2 teaspoons coriander seeds; 2 teaspoons dill seeds; 4 allspice berries; 4 juniper berries; 1 cup kosher salt; 1/2 cup sugar; 1 teaspoon finely grated lemon zest; 1 (2-pound) skin-on, boneless salmon fillet; 2 medium beets, trimmed, coarsely grated; 1 bunch small dill, chopped; 1 (1-inch) piece ginger, peeled, coarsely grated; A spice mill or a mortar and pestle | INSTRUCTIONS: Toast peppercorns, coriander and dill seeds, allspice, and juniper berries in a dry small skillet over medium heat, tossing often, until very fragrant, about 4 minutes. Let cool, then finely grind in spice mill or with mortar and pestle. Transfer to a small bowl and mix in salt, sugar, and lemon zest. Lay salmon, skin side down, on a large sheet of parchment paper set on a large rimmed baking sheet. Pack spice cure on both sides of fish, pressing to adhere. Toss beets, chopped dill, and ginger in a medium bowl to combine; pack onto both sides of fish. Fold sides of parchment over salmon, then  <END>
INPUT: Mexican, roast, breasts, sugar, water, refrigerated pomegranate juice, low salt chicken, California chiles
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roast Duck Breasts with Pomegranate-Chile Sauce | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1/3 cup sugar; 1/2 cup water; 2 cups refrigerated pomegranate juice (such as Pom); 2 cups low-salt chicken broth; 4 large dried California chiles,* stemmed, seeded, torn into 1-inch pieces; 1 1/2 teaspoons adobo sauce from canned chipotle chiles in adobo**; 1 1/2 teaspoons balsamic vinegar; 1/8 teaspoon ground cumin (not toasted); Coarse kosher salt; 8 5-to 6-ounce boneless duck breast halves, skin and fat trimmed to size of breast; Coarse kosher salt; Ground coriander; Fresh pomegranate seeds | INSTRUCTIONS: For sauce: Stir sugar and 1/2 cup water in heavy large saucepan over medium heat until sugar dissolves. Increase heat; boil until syrup is deep amber color, swirling pan occasionally, about 8 minutes. Add juice, broth, and California chiles. Boil until sauce is reduced to 1 1/2 cups, about 25 minutes. Remove from heat; cool. Puree in tightly covered blender until smooth, about 2 minutes. Transfer to bowl. Whisk in adobo sauce, vinegar, and cumin. Season to taste with generous amount of coarse salt and pepper. DO AHEAD: Can be made 1 week ahead. Cover and chill. Rewarm over low heat before usin <END>
INPUT: wild, american, kosher salt, pepper, virgin olive oil, unsalted butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pan Roasted Black Grouper with Wild American Shrimp, Black-Eyed Pea Cakes, Applewood Smoked Bacon an | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 (6-ounce) black grouper fillets; 1 1/2 tablespoons kosher salt; 1 teaspoon fresh ground black pepper; 2 tablespoons virgin olive oil; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 6 (U-8), head-on shrimp; 1/4 cup olive oil, divided; 1 1/2 teaspoon seafood seasoning (recommended: Old Bay); 1 tablespoon unsalted butter; 3 cups, cooked black-eyed peas; 1/2 cup finely sliced green onion; 1/3 cup small diced red peppers; 1/2 teaspoon ground cumin; 1 teaspoon Creole seasoning (recommended: Crescent City Grill); 1 egg | INSTRUCTIONS: Pan Roasted Black Grouper: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Season the fillets with the salt and pepper. In a large saute pan, heat the olive oil over a high flame, not quite to smoking point. Add in the butter, then quickly, just as the butter begins to brown, place the fillets in the hot oil. Allow the fish to brown well before turning it over, about 2 to 3 minutes. Turn the fillets and brown the other side. Once the fish is browned, place the fillets on a parchment paper lined sheet pan. Finish baking the fish in the oven, about 3 to 4 more minutes. Wild American Shrimp: Using a very sharp kn <END>
INPUT: fashioned, stew, chicken breasts thighs, unsalted butter, vegetable oil, boiling potatoes, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Old-Fashioned Chicken and Corn Stew | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 pounds skinless boneless chicken breasts and thighs, cut into 2-inch pieces; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1 tablespoon vegetable oil; 1 pound boiling potatoes; 1 large onion, halved lengthwise, then cut lengthwise into 1/4-inch slices; 1 garlic clove, minced; 2 teaspoons chopped fresh thyme; 2 tablespoons all-purpose flour; 1 3/4 cups low-sodium chicken broth (14 ounces); 3/4 cup water; 2 ears frozen corn, cut crosswise into 1-inch pieces; 1/4 cup heavy cream | INSTRUCTIONS: Pat chicken dry and season with salt and pepper. Heat butter and oil in a 4- to 5-quart wide heavy pot over moderately high heat until foam subsides, then lightly brown chicken in 2 batches, turning over occasionally with tongs, about 5 minutes per batch. Transfer chicken as browned to a bowl using tongs. While chicken is browning, peel potatoes and cut into 1-inch pieces. Add onion, garlic, and 1 teaspoon thyme to pot and sauté, stirring occasionally, until softened, 4 to 5 minutes, then add flour and cook, stirring, 1 minute. Whisk in broth and water and bring to a boil, whisking. Add potato <END>
INPUT: mousse, granulated sugar, cornstarch, water, eggs, fine quality chocolate
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate Mousse | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 tablespoons granulated sugar; 2 tablespoon cornstarch; 1 cup water; 2 eggs; 6 ounces fine-quality chocolate, chopped; 2 tablespoon eau-de-vie-de framboise or raspberry liqueur; 1/2 cup well-chilled heavy cream; Whipped cream, to serve; Chocolate curls, to serve | INSTRUCTIONS: In a small saucepan whisk together granulated sugar and cornstarch and add water and egg, whisking until smooth. Bring mixture to a boil over moderate heat, whisking and simmer, whisking vigorously, 1 minute. Remove pan from heat and add chocolate and eau-de-vie or liqueur, stirring until chocolate is melted. Transfer mixture to a metal bowl set in a bowl of ice and cold water and beat until cold and lightened in color. In a bowl, beat cream until it just holds stiff peaks and fold into chocolate mixture gently, but thoroughly. Chill mousse, covered, at least 30 minutes and up to 2 days. Serve <END>
INPUT: pancakes, all purpose flour, baking powder, cinnamon, fine salt, eggs
OUTPUT: TITLE: Caramel Apple Pancakes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cups plus 1 tablespoon all-purpose flour; 2 teaspoons baking powder; 1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1/4 teaspoon fine salt; 2 large eggs; 1 cup milk; 2 tablespoons packed light brown sugar; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, plus more as needed; 1 apple; 1/4 cup jarred caramel sauce or dulce de leche, plus more for serving; Greek yogurt, whipped cream or ice cream, for serving | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. Preheat the oven to 250 degrees F. Whisk 1 1/2 cups flour, baking powder, cinnamon and salt in a medium bowl. 2. In a large bowl, whisk the eggs, milk, sugar and vanilla. Melt 2 tablespoons butter in a medium nonstick or cast-iron skillet. Whisk into the egg mixture and reserve the skillet for cooking the pancakes. Whisk the dry ingredients into the liquid mixture until it forms a thick, lumpy batter. 3. Core and grate the apple on the large holes of a box grater into a small bowl. Toss with the remaining 1 tablespoon flour. Add the caramel sauce and stir until the flour is absorbed. Stir i <END>
INPUT: bacon, onion, collard greens, garlic, pepper flakes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Collard Greens | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 strips bacon, diced; 1 medium onion, sliced; 2 bunches collard greens, washed; 1 tablespoon chopped garlic; 1/2 teaspoon red pepper flakes; 1 tablespoon brown sugar; 2 tablespoons cider vinegar; Salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. In a high-sided skillet, cook the bacon over medium heat until brown, about 5 minutes. In the same pan add the onions and saute until translucent, about 5 minutes. Strip the leaves from the tough stems of the collard greens. Stack the leaves, roll them up and cut them into thin strips. To the skillet with the bacon and onions, add the garlic and red pepper flakes, brown sugar, cider vinegar, salt and pepper, to taste. Add the greens, stir and cover the skillet. Cook for 15 minutes, stirring halfway though. Collards are done when tender and no longer bitter. Remov <END>
INPUT: eye steak, Hungarian sweet paprika, olive oil, garlic, caraway seeds
OUTPUT: TITLE: Hungarian-Style Beef with Bell Peppers and Caraway | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1- to 1 1/4-pound rib-eye steak, trimmed, cut crosswise into 1/3-inch strips; 1 tablespoon Hungarian sweet paprika; 3 tablespoons olive oil, divided; 4 garlic cloves, thinly sliced; 1/2 teaspoon caraway seeds; 3 bell peppers (preferably mixed colors), cut into 1/2-inch strips; 1/3 cup beef broth; 2 tablespoons tomato paste; 1 teaspoon balsamic vinegar | INSTRUCTIONS: Toss beef with paprika, salt, and pepper in large bowl to coat. Heat 2 tablespoons oil in large nonstick skillet over high heat. Add garlic and caraway seeds; stir 30 seconds. Add peppers; toss 1 minute. Add broth. Cover; cook until peppers are crisp-tender, about 4 minutes. Using tongs, transfer garlic and peppers to bowl. Add remaining 1 tablespoon oil and beef to skillet; sauté until beef is no longer pink outside, about 2 minutes. Mix in tomato paste and vinegar. Return half of peppers to skillet. Toss until beef is medium-rare, about 3 minutes. Season with salt and pepper. Transfer to pla <END>
INPUT: power, plain yogurt, orange juice, peaches
OUTPUT: TITLE: Peach Power Up | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 (1-inch) piece fresh ginger, peeled and grated; 2 cups plain yogurt; 3/4 cup orange juice; 2 cups sliced frozen peaches | INSTRUCTIONS: In a blender combine ginger, yogurt, orange juice and the frozen peaches. Blend until smooth. <END>
INPUT: scampi, salad, court bouillon, langoustine tails, lemon, baby artichokes, taleggio cheese
OUTPUT: TITLE: Steamed Scampi with Artichoke and Taleggio Salad with a Verjus and Grape Dressing | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 cups court bouillon; 16 langoustine tails; 1/2 lemon; 8 baby artichokes; 8 ounces taleggio cheese, without rind; 1 cup seedless green grapes; 1 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 1/4 cup verjus; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 4 cups baby frisee | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring the court bouillon to a simmer in a large braising pan. Add the langoustines and poach them in the court bouillon until they're firm to the touch, 2 to 3 minutes. Drain, and keep the langoustines warm. Fill a bowl with water and squeeze a little lemon juice into the bowl. Slice the artichokes thinly and immediately put them in the acidulated water. Slice the taleggio into sticks about 1 1/2-inches long by 1/4-inches wide. In a blender, puree the grapes, olive oil, and verjus. Season lightly with salt and pepper. In a large bowl, combine the frisee, drained artichokes (pat them dry with p <END>
INPUT: eggs, heavy whipping cream, milk, milk powder
OUTPUT: TITLE: Edamame Ice Cream | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cups (about 8 ounces) frozen shelled edamame (soybeans); 2 large eggs; 1/2 cup heavy whipping cream; 2 cups whole milk; 2/3 cup dry milk powder; 1/2 cup plus 2 tablespoons sugar; 1/4 cup light corn syrup | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook edamame in boiling salted water until tender, about 10 minutes. Drain; cool. Whisk eggs and cream in bowl. Mix milk, milk powder, sugar, and corn syrup in medium saucepan. Stir over medium heat until sugar dissolves and mixture simmers. Gradually whisk milk mixture into egg mixture. Return custard to same pan. Stir over medium heat until thickened and thermometer registers 175°F, about 2 minutes (do not boil). Pour into bowl; cool. Puree custard with edamame in blender in batches until smooth; chill until cold. Transfer to ice cream maker and process according to manufacturer's instructio <END>
INPUT: cookies, dark sugar, sugar, eggs, oil, pure vanilla extract
OUTPUT: TITLE: Healthy Chocolate Chip Cookies | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 cup packed dark brown sugar; 3/4 cup sugar; 2 large eggs; 1/2 cup oil; 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract; 1 cup all-purpose flour; 1 cup whole wheat pastry flour; 1 teaspoon fine salt; 3/4 teaspoon baking soda; 6 ounces semisweet chocolate chips or chunks; 4 ounces dried cranberries or dried cherries | INSTRUCTIONS: Evenly position two racks in the middle of the oven and preheat to 375 degrees F. Line two baking sheets with parchment paper or silicone baking mats. (If you have only one baking sheet, let it cool completely between batches.) Whisk the sugars, eggs, oil and vanilla in a large bowl until smooth. Whisk the flours, salt and baking soda in another bowl. Stir the dry ingredients into the wet ingredients with a wooden spoon; take care not to over mix. Stir in the chocolate chips and dried fruit. Scoop heaping tablespoons of the dough onto the prepared pans. Wet hands slightly and roll the dough in <END>
INPUT: Mexican, graham crackers, sugar, condensed milk, lime zest
OUTPUT: TITLE: Key Lime Pie | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 18 whole graham crackers (the 4-section large pieces); 8 tablespoons (1 stick) salted butter, melted; 1/3 cup sugar; One 14-ounce can sweetened condensed milk; 1 heaping tablespoon grated lime zest; 1/2 cup lime juice; 2 large egg yolks; Whipped cream, for serving | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. For the crust: Crush the graham crackers in a food processor or a resealable plastic bag. Pour them into a bowl and stir in the melted butter and sugar. Press the mixture into a pie pan and bake until golden and set, about 5 minutes. Set aside to cool slightly. For the filling: Mix the condensed milk, lime zest, lime juice and egg yolks in the bowl of a mixer and mix on high until smooth and thick. Pour the mixture into the crust and bake for 15 minutes. Allow to cool, then refrigerate for at least 1 hour -- more if possible. Se <END>
INPUT: Italian, fredo, butter, heavy cream, Romano cheese, fettuccine, shrimp
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fettuccine al Fredo | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 4 tablespoons butter; 1 1/4 cup heavy cream; 1 cup freshly grated Romano cheese; 8 ounces fresh fettuccine; 12 large shrimp, peeled and deveined | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring a large pot of water to a boil. Melt butter in sauce pan and stir in heavy cream. Gently simmer cream until thickened about 5-7 minutes. Add pasta and shrimp to boiling water and cook for 3-4 minutes. Place 2 cooked fettuccine in a large bowl and mix with 2 cream sauce and 1/4 cup of cheese. Toss to coat and add remaining pasta, sauce and 2 cup cheese. Season with pepper. Toss again and serve immediately with extra cheese and shrimp. <END>
INPUT: rugelach, cream cheese, sifted all purpose, salt, dates
OUTPUT: TITLE: Date Walnut Rugelach | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup (2 sticks) unsalted butter, softened; 8 ounces cream cheese, softened; 3 cups sifted all-purpose flour (sift before measuring); 1/2 teaspoon salt; 8 ounces pitted dates (about 1 1/3 cups); 1/2 cup walnuts; 1/2 cup granulated sugar; 1 teaspoon cinnamon; 1/4 teaspoon vanilla; Confectioners' sugar, for rolling dough | INSTRUCTIONS: Make dough: In a food processor blend butter and cream cheese until smooth. Add flour and salt and pulse just until mixture forms a ball. Form dough into a log. Chill dough, wrapped well in plastic wrap, at least 4 hours and up to 1 day. Make filling: Finely chop dates and walnuts and in a bowl with your hands toss together dates, walnuts, sugar, cinnamon, and vanilla until combined well. Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Cut dough crosswise into 8 equal pieces and work with 1 piece at a time, keeping remaining pieces covered and chilled. On a work surface sprinkled with confectioners' sugar usin <END>
INPUT: fritters, herb, mayonnaise, Meyer lemon juice, Meyer lemon peel, Dijon mustard, Sherry wine vinegar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Crab Fritters with Herb Salad and Meyer Lemon Aïoli | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup mayonnaise; 2 tablespoons fresh Meyer lemon juice; 1 1/2 teaspoons finely grated Meyer lemon peel; 1 1/2 teaspoons Dijon mustard; 1 teaspoon Sherry wine vinegar; 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 2 large eggs, separated; 1 tablespoon crème fraîche or sour cream; 1 cup (packed) fresh crabmeat, picked over, broken into 1/2-inch pieces (about 6 ounces); 2 tablespoons chopped fresh chives; 1 tablespoon finely chopped shallot; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh Italian parsley; 4 medium-size fresh shiitake mushrooms, stemmed, caps thinly sliced; 1 tablespoon butter; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil | INSTRUCTIONS: For aioli: Place mayonnaise in small bowl. Whisk in lemon juice, lemon peel, mustard, and vinegar. Gradually whisk in oil. Season to taste with salt and pepper. (Can be made 1 day ahead. Cover; chill. Bring to room temperature before serving.) Place mayonnaise in small bowl. Whisk in lemon juice, lemon peel, mustard, and vinegar. Gradually whisk in oil. Season to taste with salt and pepper. (Can be made 1 day ahead. Cover; chill. Bring to room temperature before serving.) For fritters and salad: Whisk egg yolks and crème fraîche in small bowl to blend. Combine crabmeat, chives, shallot, and ch <END>
INPUT: tart, tatin, sheet, butter, maple syrup, vanilla bean, bananas
OUTPUT: TITLE: Banana Maple Tart Tatin | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 sheet (about 7 ounces) frozen puff pastry; 2 tablespoons butter; 1/2 cup maple syrup; 1/2 vanilla bean, split; 2 to 3 bananas, thickly sliced | INSTRUCTIONS: On a floured surface, roll the pastry out a bit to even out the any folds and make it a touch thinner. Cut a 10-inch circle of dough from it, prick it, and keep it chilled. Preheat oven to 425 degrees F. Place a heavy 9 or 10-inch metal cake pan on the stove on a large burner and turn the heat onto medium. Add the butter and warm to melt it. Add the maple syrup and vanilla bean and bring to a boil stirring a bit. Remove the vanilla bean. Take the pan off the heat and place the banana slices in the pan decoratively in concentric circles to cover the whole bottom of the pan. Place the pastry ove <END>
INPUT: Italian, crusted, cumin seeds, lemon juice, olive oil, honey, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cumin Crusted Chicken with Cotija and Mango-Garlic Sauce with Green Onion Pesto Mashed Potatoes | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons cumin seeds, toasted, plus 3 tablespoons toasted cumin seeds, ground; 1 cup fresh lemon juice; 1/2 cup olive oil, plus 3 tablespoons; 2 tablespoons honey; Freshly ground black pepper; 4 (8 ounce) frenched, skin on chicken breasts; 1/3 cup grated cotija cheese; Salt and freshly ground pepper; Mango Garlic Sauce, recipe follows; Green Onion Pesto Mashed Potatoes, recipe follows; 8 cups homemade chicken stock (do not use canned for this recipe); 8 whole black peppercorns; 1 head roasted garlic, pureed; 3 cups red wine vinegar; 1 cup white wine vinegar | INSTRUCTIONS: Whisk together the whole cumin, lemon juice, 1/2 cup olive oil, honey, and pepper in a medium baking dish. Add the chicken and turn to coat. Cover, and marinate for 1 hour in the refrigerator. Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. Heat a large ovenproof saute pan over medium high heat. Remove chicken from marinade and wipe off any excess. Combine the ground cumin, cotija, salt, and pepper in a small bowl. Dust the chicken on the skin side with the mixture. Heat 3 tablespoons olive oil in a large skillet. Place the chicken, skin side down, in the pan and cook until golden brown, about 3 to 4 minutes.  <END>
INPUT: porcupine, peanut oil, eggs, all purpose flour, kataifi, apples
OUTPUT: TITLE: Porcupine Apples | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 cups peanut oil, for frying; 4 large eggs; 1 cup all-purpose flour; 1/4 pound kataifi, cut into 1-inch lengths and broken apart (about 4 cups); 3 apples, pared, cored, and cut into eighths; Confectioners' sugar, for serving; Vanilla ice cream, for serving | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat oven to 350 degrees F. Heat oil in a medium saucepan to 350 degrees F. In a small bowl, lightly beat eggs. Place flour in a second small bowl. Place kataifi in a large bowl. Dredge apples in flour. Using a slotted spoon, transfer apples to egg to coat. Remove, and toss apples in kataifi to coat. Place a piece of apple on an 8-inch wooden skewer. Immerse carefully in the hot oil, avoiding the bottom of the saucepan. Fry just until set and golden, about 1 minute. Remove from skewer, and transfer to a parchment-lined baking sheet. Repeat with remaining apples. Transfer baking sheet to oven,  <END>
INPUT: sliders, seasoned, crinkle french fries, vegetable oil, poultry seasoning, grain mustard, honey
OUTPUT: TITLE: Ham Sliders with Seasoned Fries | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1-pound bag frozen crinkle-cut french fries (about 4 cups); 2 tablespoons vegetable oil; 1 teaspoon poultry seasoning; 1/4 cup whole-grain mustard; 2 tablespoons honey; Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper; 1/2 cup mayonnaise; 1/4 cup chopped dill pickle and 1 tablespoon of the brine, plus pickle slices for topping; 2 7-ounce boneless ham steaks, halved and patted dry; 8 slider buns (preferably potato), split; Lettuce leaves and ketchup, for serving | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Toss the fries with 1 tablespoon vegetable oil and spread in a single layer on a rimmed baking sheet; sprinkle with the poultry seasoning. Bake until crisp and golden, about 25 minutes. Meanwhile, combine the mustard, honey, 1 tablespoon water, 1/4 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of pepper in a small bowl. Combine the mayonnaise, chopped pickles and brine in another small bowl. Heat the remaining 1 tablespoon vegetable oil in a large nonstick skillet over medium-high heat. Add the ham steaks and brush with half of the mustard glaze. Cook until golden brown, ab <END>
INPUT: Asian, stir, egg, Chinese rice wine, cornstarch, low sodium soy
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken, Pepper and Corn Stir-Fry | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 pound boneless, skinless chicken thighs (about 2 large), cut into 3/4- to 1-inch pieces; 1 large egg white; 2 tablespoons Chinese rice wine or dry sherry; 1 tablespoon plus 2 teaspoons cornstarch; 5 teaspoons low-sodium soy sauce; Kosher salt; 1 tablespoon sugar; Freshly ground black pepper; 4 tablespoons peanut or vegetable oil; 2-inch piece ginger, sliced paper thin; 5 scallions, whites cut into 1/2-inch pieces and greens sliced, separated; 2 red bell peppers, sliced; 1 cup frozen corn kernels; Cooked brown rice, for serving | INSTRUCTIONS: Toss the chicken with the egg white, 1 tablespoon each rice wine and cornstarch, 1 teaspoon soy sauce and 1/4 teaspoon salt in a medium bowl. Mix together 1/3 cup water, the remaining 4 teaspoons of soy sauce, 1 tablespoon rice wine and 2 teaspoons cornstarch, the sugar and 1/2 teaspoon each salt and pepper in a small bowl until dissolved; set aside. Place the sauce, vegetables and chicken near the stove. Heat 2 tablespoons of the peanut oil in a large wok or large nonstick skillet over medium-high heat; swirl to coat the wok. Once the oil is hot, scoop the chicken from the bowl with a slotted <END>
INPUT: American, stirfry, peanut oil, celery, carrot, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Simple Steak Stirfry | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons peanut oil; 3 celery stalks, cut into 4-inch strips; 1 carrot, cut into 4-inch strips; 1 red pepper, cut into 4-inch strips; 1 green pepper, cut into 4-inch strips; 1/2 bunch scallions, cut into 4-inch strips; 1 zucchini, cut into 4-inch strips; 2 cloves garlic, crushed; 1 teaspoon grated ginger; 1 tablespoon soy sauce; 1 teaspoon chili paste; 1 teaspoon sugar; 1 flank steak, cooked rare | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat 2 tablespoons peanut oil in a wok over high heat. When smoking hot add the strips of celery, carrot, red and green pepper, scallions, zucchini. Saute for approximately 2 minutes. Next add the garlic, ginger, soy sauce, chili paste, and sugar. Cook 1 minute longer. Slice the flank steak into thin pieces against the grain. Add the steak to the wok and toss until just warm. Transfer to a serving dish, and enjoy.; <END>
INPUT: American, flatbreads, vegetable oil, onions, wine, balsamic vinegar, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Flatbreads with Caramelized Onions, Sausage, and Manchego Cheese | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons vegetable oil; 2 large red onions (1 1/2 to 1 3/4 pounds), halved, thinly sliced; 1/2 cup dry red wine (such as Zinfandel); 2 tablespoons balsamic vinegar; 1 teaspoon sugar; 3/4 pound sweet Italian sausages (about 4 links), casings removed; Pizza Dough Rounds or 1 pound purchased fresh pizza dough; Nonstick olive oil spray; 2 cups (packed) coarsely shredded Manchego cheese,* divided | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat vegetable oil in heavy large pot over medium-high heat. Add onions and sauté until soft and deep golden brown, stirring often, about 10 minutes. Stir in wine, vinegar, and sugar. Reduce heat to low and simmer until almost all liquid is absorbed, stirring often, 3 to 4 minutes. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Transfer to small bowl. Cool. Heat medium skillet over medium heat. Add sausage; sauté until cooked through and browned, breaking up with back of fork, 5 to 6 minutes. Transfer to small bowl. Cool. DO AHEAD: Onions and sausage can be made 1 day ahead. Cover separately; chill. Br <END>
INPUT: Mexican, salsa, garlic, lamb chops, rosemary leaves, mint leaves, olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lamb Chops with Cucumber, Pomegranate and Mint Salsa | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 4 garlic cloves; 4 3/4 to 1-inch thick lamb chops (8 to 10 ounces each); 2 teaspoons minced fresh rosemary leaves; 2 teaspoons chopped fresh mint leaves; 3 tablespoons olive oil; 1/2 cup pine nuts; 1 English cucumber; 2 tablespoons mint jelly; 2 tablespoons white-wine vinegar; 1 tablespoon olive oil; Seeds from 1 large pomegranate; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh mint leaves; 1/2 teaspoon minced garlic | INSTRUCTIONS: Mince garlic. Pat lamb chops dry. In a small bowl stir together garlic,rosemary, mint, and 1 tablespoon oil. Rub mixture onto lamb and season with salt and pepper. In a heavy non-stick skillet, heat 2 tablespoons oil over moderate heat until hot but not smoking and cook lamb chops 3 to 5 minutes on each side for medium-rare meat. Transfer lamb chops to a plate. Make salsa: Toast pine nuts in a dry skillet over moderate heat until golden. Seed cucumber and cut into 1/4-inch dice. In a bowl whisk together jelly, vinegar and oil until jelly is broken up into tiny pieces and add remaining salsa in <END>
INPUT: spiced, oatmeal, coconut, skin almonds, honey, low fat milk
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spiced Oatmeal with Banana, Mango and Toasted-Coconut Almonds | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup sweetened shredded coconut; 1 1/2 cups skin-on whole almonds; 2 tablespoons honey; Nonstick spray; 3 cups low-fat milk; 1/4 cup unsulfured mild molasses; 1/4 cup packed dark brown sugar; 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1 teaspoon ground ginger; 1/8 teaspoon ground cloves; 1/8 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg; Kosher salt; 1 1/2 cups steel-cut oats; 1 ripe banana, sliced; 1 ripe mango, diced | INSTRUCTIONS: For the almonds: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Spread the shredded coconut on a baking sheet and toast until light golden brown, stirring a few times, about 7 minutes. Cool slightly, then transfer to a blender or food processor and process until coarsely chopped. Spread the almonds on the baking sheet and toast until fragrant, stirring once, about 5 minutes. Immediately transfer to a medium bowl, add the honey, and toss to coat. Add the coconut and stir to coat the almonds. Line the baking sheet with parchment and spray with nonstick spray. Spread the coated almonds on the parchment and s <END>
INPUT: fries, canola oil, portobello mushrooms, all purpose flour, soda, eggs
OUTPUT: TITLE: Portobello Fries with Ponzu Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 5 cups canola oil; 8 portobello mushrooms, stems and gills removed; 1 3/4 cups all-purpose flour, plus more for dredging; 2 cups club soda; 2 large eggs; 1 teaspoon coarse salt; Sea salt; Ponzu Sauce, recipe follows | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat oil to 325 degrees F. Cut mushrooms crosswise into 3/8-inch thick slices. Lightly dust them with 2 tablespoons flour; set aside. In a medium bowl, whisk together flour, club soda, eggs, and coarse salt to form a batter. Dip portobello fries into batter. Blanch fries in hot oil. Drain on a paper towel-lined baking sheet. Let cool. Heat oil to 375 degrees F. Cook the blanched fries in hot oil until golden brown and crispy. Drain on a paper towel-lined baking sheet. Season with sea salt, and serve with ponzu sauce. Ponzu Sauce: 1 teaspoon soy sauce 3 tablespoons ketjap manis 1 teaspoon Thai  <END>
INPUT: kebobs, sauce, pork tenderloin, grapes, sherry
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pork Kebobs with Red Grape Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 pounds pork tenderloin; 1 (.88-ounce) packet garlic and basil veggie seasoning (recommended: McCormick); 1 1/2 cups red grapes, washed; 1/2 cup sherry | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. Lightly spray a baking sheet with cooking spray; set aside. Soak some wooden skewers in a bowl of water for about 15 minutes. Rinse pork tenderloin with cold water and pat dry with paper towels. Trim off excess fat and silver skin. Cut into 1-inch pieces. Skewer the pieces and place on baking sheet in a single layer. Sprinkle the skewers with the seasoning mix. Broil in the oven for 10 to 15 minutes, turning the skewers halfway. Put grapes and sherry in a skillet and bring up to a boil. Lower the heat to a simmer and cook until grapes just begin to split and the  <END>
INPUT: tart, milk, agave nectar, fine sea salt, high quality bittersweet, egg
OUTPUT: TITLE: Bittersweet Chocolate and Pear Tart | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 cup 2% milk; 1 tablespoon agave nectar; Pinch of fine sea salt; 8 ounces high-quality bittersweet chocolate, chopped; 1 large egg, beaten; 1 firm, ripe green Anjou pear, cored and thinly sliced; Crust:; /em; 4 ounces unsalted butter, melted; 1 tablespoon unbleached sugar; 3/4 cup whole-wheat pastry flour; 1/4 cup almond flour or ground almonds; Filling: | INSTRUCTIONS: Whisk together the melted butter, sugar and salt. Add flour and ground almonds and stir until it feels like damp sand. Press dough evenly along bottom and halfway up the sides of an 8-inch round tart pan with a removable bottom. Use waxed paper or buttered fingers to even out and press dough tightly into the corners. Prick crust all over with a fork and chill while you preheat oven to 350 degrees about 30 minutes. Set pan on a baking sheet and bake until crust is golden brown, about 25 minutes. While crust bakes, bring milk, agave and salt to a simmer in a medium saucepan over low heat. Remove <END>
INPUT: Asian, stir, soy sauce, unseasoned rice vinegar, honey, oriental sesame oil, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Stir-Fried Tofu with Mushrooms, Sugar Snap Peas, and Green Onions | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons soy sauce; 1 tablespoon unseasoned rice vinegar; 1 tablespoon honey; 1 teaspoon oriental sesame oil; 1/4 teaspoon dried crushed red pepper; 1 12-ounce package extra-firm tofu, drained, cut into 3/4-inch cubes, patted dry with paper towels; 1/4 cup water; 1 teaspoon cornstarch; 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, divided; 6 ounces fresh shiitake mushrooms, stemmed, caps quartered; 8 ounces sugar snap peas, trimmed; 4 garlic cloves, minced; 1 tablespoon minced peeled fresh ginger; 4 green onions, sliced on diagonal | INSTRUCTIONS: Whisk first 5 ingredients in medium bowl to blend. Add tofu and stir to coat; let marinate 30 minutes. Drain, reserving marinade in small bowl. Whisk 1/4 cup water and cornstarch into marinade. Heat 1 tablespoon vegetable oil in large nonstick skillet over medium-high heat. Add tofu and sauté until golden, about 2 minutes. Using slotted spoon, transfer tofu to plate. Add remaining 1 tablespoon vegetable oil to skillet. Add mushrooms and stir-fry until tender, about 3 minutes. Add sugar snap peas; stir-fry 2 minutes. Add garlic and ginger; stir-fry 30 seconds. Return tofu to skillet; drizzle re <END>
INPUT: Mexican, onions, pine nuts, onion, lime juice, Kosher salt, mint
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lime-Marinated Onions With Pine Nuts and Mint | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1/3 cup pine nuts; 1 large red onion, thinly sliced; 2 tablespoons fresh lime juice; Kosher salt; 1/2 cup coarsely chopped mint; 1/2 teaspoon sumac; 1/2 teaspoon urfa biber or crushed red pepper flakes; Olive oil (for drizzling) | INSTRUCTIONS: Toast pine nuts in a dry small skillet over medium-high, tossing often, until golden brown, about 2 minutes. Let cool. Combine onion and lime juice in a medium bowl; season with salt. Let sit until onions are slightly softened, 10–15 minutes. Just before serving, toss in mint and pine nuts; taste and season with salt as needed. Top with sumac and urfa biber and drizzle with oil. Toast pine nuts in a dry small skillet over medium-high, tossing often, until golden brown, about 2 minutes. Let cool. Combine onion and lime juice in a medium bowl; season with salt. Let sit until onions are slightly  <END>
INPUT: Italian, mango, vegetable oil, garlic, jalapeño chili, basil leaves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pork Chops with Mango-Basil Sauce | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 small mango, peeled, pitted; 1 tablespoon plus 2 teaspoons vegetable oil; 1 tablespoon minced garlic; 1 jalapeño chili, seeded, minced; 1/3 cup thinly sliced fresh basil leaves; 3/4 cup canned low-salt chicken broth; 1 1/2 tablespoons golden brown sugar; 1 tablespoon soy sauce; 4 6- to 8-ounce center-cut pork chops (about 1 inch thick) | INSTRUCTIONS: Puree mango in processor. Set aside 1/2 cup puree (reserve any remaining puree for another use). Heat 1 tablespoon oil in medium skillet over medium heat. Add garlic and jalapeño, then basil; sauté just until basil wilts, about 1 minute. Add broth, brown sugar and soy sauce. Bring to boil, stirring occasionally. Reduce heat to low and simmer 3 minutes. Gradually whisk in cup mango puree. Simmer until sauce thickens and coats spoon, about 5 minutes. Season with salt and pepper. Prepare barbecue or preheat broiler. Brush pork with 2 teaspoons oil. Sprinkle with salt and pepper. Grill or broil po <END>
INPUT: Asian, marmalade, shallots, julienne ginger, unsalted butter, garlic, chicken broth
OUTPUT: TITLE: Ginger Shallot Marmalade | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 10 shallots, sliced thin lengthwise; 2 tablespoons julienne strips peeled fresh ginger; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1 garlic clove, cut into thin strips; 1/2 cup chicken broth; 1/3 cup balsamic vinegar; 1/4 cup honey; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: In a heavy 10-inch skillet (preferably cast-iron) cook shallots and ginger in butter over moderate heat, stirring frequently, until pale golden, about 12 minutes. Add garlic and cook, stirring, 1 minute. Increase heat to moderately high and stir in a remaining ingredients. Cook mixture, stirring frequently, until syrup and almost all liquid is absorbed, about 12 minutes. Marmalade keeps, covered and chilled, up to 2 weeks. In a heavy 10-inch skillet (preferably cast-iron) cook shallots and ginger in butter over moderate heat, stirring frequently, until pale golden, about 12 minutes. Add garlic <END>
INPUT: forget, beef chuck roast, garlic, kosher salt, pepper, virgin olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Set-It-and-Forget-It Pot Roast | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 to 2 1/2 pounds beef chuck roast; 10 cloves garlic, halved; 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt; Freshly ground black pepper; 1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil; 3 carrots, cut into large bite-size chunks; 2 onions, thickly sliced; 2 bay leaves; 4 cups dry white wine (1 bottle); 1 cup low-sodium chicken stock; 1 1/2 pounds Yukon Gold potatoes, peeled and cut into 2-inch pieces | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 300 degrees F. With the tip of a paring knife, make ten 3/4-inch-deep slits on each side of the roast. Insert a garlic clove half into each slit. Season the meat all over with the salt and pepper. Heat the oil in a Dutch oven over medium heat until shimmering. Gently set the roast in it and sear all over, turning with tongs, until well browned, about 14 minutes. Remove the meat from the pan to a plate. Add the carrots, onions and bay leaves to the pan and cook for 2 minutes. Add the wine and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat and simmer, stirring up the crispy bits at the bot <END>
INPUT: pork chops, Salt pepper, pepper, olive oil, shallots
OUTPUT: TITLE: Perfect Pork Chops | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 pork chops; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; N/A freshly ground black pepper; 3 tablespoons olive oil; 2 shallots, diced; 2 tablespoons butter; 2 cups white cooking wine; 3 tablespoons Dijon mustard; 1 tablespoon blackstrap molasses, maple syrup, or honey | INSTRUCTIONS: MAKE IT: Season both sides of the pork chops with salt and pepper to taste and drizzle with the olive oil. Set the chops, covered, on the counter for 1 hour before preparing the dish to bring them to room temperature. In a large skillet over medium heat, cook the shallots in butter until translucent. Add the wine, mustard, and molasses, syrup, or honey to the shallots and stir. Cook for 3 minutes, then add the pork chops and cover. Simmer for 25 minutes and remove from heat. To serve, let the pork chops rest for 5 minutes and then slice thinly and spoon the sauce over the top. MAKE IT: Season  <END>
INPUT: whiting, olive oil, lemon juice, garlic, parsley
OUTPUT: TITLE: Whiting with Garlic and Lemon | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 8 whole whiting; 1 1/2 cups olive oil; 3/4 cup lemon juice; 5 cloves garlic, minced; 2 tablespoons parsley; Salt and pepper, to taste; 1/4 cup flour | INSTRUCTIONS: Clean and fillet fish. Remove heads and tails. In bowl, mix 3/4 cup oil, lemon juice, garlic, parsley, salt and pepper. Dredge fish in flour. In large saute pan, heat remaining oil. Saute fish until golden brown. Remove and pour lemon mixture over and cover. Let sit for 5 minutes and serve. <END>
INPUT: Italian, parmesan, water, polenta, Parmigiano Reggiano, unsalted butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Creamy Parmesan Polenta | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 3 cups water; 3/4 cup instant polenta; 3/4 to 1 cup freshly grated Parmigiano-Reggiano; 1 tablespoon unsalted butter | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring water to a boil in a 2-quart saucepan and slowly add polenta, whisking constantly. Cook polenta over moderate heat, whisking constantly, 5 minutes. Remove from heat and whisk in cheese, butter, and salt and pepper to taste. Serve immediately. Bring water to a boil in a 2-quart saucepan and slowly add polenta, whisking constantly. Cook polenta over moderate heat, whisking constantly, 5 minutes. Remove from heat and whisk in cheese, butter, and salt and pepper to taste. Serve immediately. <END>
INPUT: strawberry, rhubarb, salt, eggs
OUTPUT: TITLE: Strawberry Rhubarb Zinfandel Crepes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: About 3 ounces (85 grams) cake flour; About 3 ounces (85 grams) bread flour; About 1.5 ounces (43 grams) sugar; 1 teaspoon salt; 3 eggs; 3 egg yolks; 1 1/2 cups milk; About 3 ounces (85 grams) melted butter; 3 pints strawberries, hulled; About 7 ounces (187 grams) sugar; 1/2 whole nutmeg, crushed; About 11 ounces (300 ml) Zinfandel; About 6 cups (1.5 liter) water; About 7 ounces (75 g) fresh ginger; 1 vanilla bean, split | INSTRUCTIONS: For the crepes: In a bowl, whisk dry ingredients together. In a separate bowl, whisk wet ingredients together. Slowly mix the dry ingredients into the wet. Chill for 1 hour. Strain, if necessary. Add enough batter to a hot pan to thinly coat the bottom of the pan. Cook crepe for a minute or so or until the bottom of the crepe edges start to curl. Flip over and cook for about 30 seconds. Remove each crepe and stack on a plate. Set aside until ready to fill. For the Strawberry Zinfandel syrup: Add all ingredients into a saucepan and bring to a boil. Boil until reduced about 3/4 of the way. Strai <END>
INPUT: Indian, soup, unsalted butter, onions, garlic, cumin seeds, coriander seeds
OUTPUT: TITLE: Red Lentil Soup | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons unsalted butter; 2 onions, chopped; 3 cloves garlic, minced; 1 teaspoon cumin seeds, crushed; 1 teaspoon coriander seeds, crushed; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 tablespoons tomato paste; 7 cups chicken, lamb or beef stock; 1/2 cup bulgur; 1/2 cup red lentils; 1/4 cup finely chopped fresh parsley; 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh mint | INSTRUCTIONS: Melt butter in a large pot, add the onions and saute until soft, 5 to 7 minutes. Stir in the garlic, spices, and salt and pepper, and saute another minute to release the aromas. Stir in the tomato paste to blend with the onions, fry 1 to 2 minutes, then add the stock, bulgur and lentils. Cover and simmer until bulgur and lentils are thoroughly cooked and soup is thickened, about 30 to 40 minutes, stirring occasionally. Remove from heat, stir in half of the herbs and sprinkle the remaining half over the soup. Serve immediately with yogurt to garnish. <END>
INPUT: tart, tartin, all purpose flour, sugar, salt, crème fraîche sour
OUTPUT: TITLE: Apple and Pomegranate Tart Tartin | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup all purpose flour; 2 tablespoons sugar; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 6 tablespoons (3/4 stick) chilled unsalted butter, cut into 1/2-inch cubes; 1/4 cup crème fraîche or sour cream; 3 cups refrigerated pure pomegranate juice; 1/4 cup (1/2 stick) unsalted butter, room temperature; 3/4 cup sugar; 7 medium Golden Delicious apples (about 3 1/4 pounds), peeled, quartered, cored; 1/8 teaspoon ground allspice; Large pinch of coarse kosher salt; Vanilla ice cream | INSTRUCTIONS: Crust: Blend first 3 ingredients in processor 5 seconds. Add chilled butter and blend until coarse meal forms. Add crème fraîche. Blend, using on/off turns, until moist clumps form. Gather dough into ball; flatten into disk. Wrap; chill 1 hour. Roll dough out on lightly floured surface to 11-inch-diameter round. Slide onto rimless baking sheet, cover, and chill until ready to use, up to 1 day. Blend first 3 ingredients in processor 5 seconds. Add chilled butter and blend until coarse meal forms. Add crème fraîche. Blend, using on/off turns, until moist clumps form. Gather dough into ball; flat <END>
INPUT: basic, Brussels sprouts, water, kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Basic Brussels Sprouts | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound Brussels sprouts, rinsed; 1/2 cup water; 1/4 teaspoon kosher salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Cut off the stem end of the Brussels sprouts and remove any yellowing outer leaves. Cut each Brussels sprout in half from top to bottom. Place the Brussels sprouts, water and salt into a 3 to 4-quart saucier and cover. Place over high heat and cook for 5 minutes or until tender. Remove and serve immediately. <END>
INPUT: soup, unsalted butter, slice bacon, Spanish onion, carrot, celery
OUTPUT: TITLE: Creamy Tomato Soup | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1 slice bacon, finely chopped; 1 Spanish onion, chopped; 1 carrot, chopped; 1 stalk celery, chopped; 4 cloves garlic, finely chopped; 5 tablespoons all-purpose flour; 4 1/2 cups low-sodium chicken broth; 1 (28-ounce) can whole, peeled tomatoes; 3 parsley sprigs; 3 fresh thyme sprigs; 1 bay leaf; 1 cup heavy cream; 1 3/4 teaspoon kosher salt; Freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat the butter in a large soup pot over medium-high heat. Add the bacon and cook, stirring, until crisp and most of the fat has rendered, about 1 minute. Using a slotted spoon, transfer the bacon to a paper towel-lined plate and set aside. Lower the heat to medium, add the onion, carrots, celery, and garlic and cook, covered, stirring occasionally, until soft and fragrant, about 8 minutes. Stir in the flour and cook, stirring, for 3 minutes. Pour in the broth and crush the tomatoes through your fingers into the pan. Bring to a boil while whisking constantly. Tie the parsley sprigs, thyme, and <END>
INPUT: gratin, butter, leeks, flour, milk, Gruyere cheese
OUTPUT: TITLE: Kielbasa, Potato and Leek Gratin | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 tablespoons butter; 1 1/2 cups minced leeks, white and light green parts only; 3 tablespoons flour; 2 cups milk, heated; 1/4 cup grated Gruyere cheese; 1/4 cup grated Parmesan cheese; 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard; Salt, pepper and freshly-grated nutmeg; 1 large garlic clove, peeled; 2 large Idaho potatoes, peeled and sliced; 1 1/2 pounds smoked kielbasa, diced; 1/3 cup buttered bread crumbs | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 375 degrees. Melt 3 tablespoons butter in a medium saucepan, add leeks, cover and cook over low heat for 5 minutes, until tender. Uncover, stir in flour and cook 1 minute. Add milk in a thin stream, whisking constantly, and simmer 5 minutes, stirring occasionally. Remove from heat and add cheeses and mustard, stirring until cheese melts; season to taste with salt, pepper and nutmeg. Meanwhile, rub a buttered oval gratin dish with garlic clove. Layer half of potatoes in bottom of dish, season with salt and pepper and top with half of kielbasa. Add half of leek sauce, spreading i <END>
INPUT: filling, Bartlett pears, wine, vanilla bean, cinnamon, bay leaves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Red Wine Poached Pears with Mascarpone Filling | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 firm Bartlett pears; 1 bottle red wine; 1 vanilla bean, whole; 2 cinnamon sticks; 2 bay leaves; 2 cups sugar; 2 (8 ounce) containers mascarpone cheese, softened; 1/2 cup heavy cream; Pinch cinnamon; 1/2 cup powdered sugar; 2 tablespoons butter | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Peel pears and leave stem intact. In a large saucepan, bring wine and an equal amount of cold water to a simmer. Split vanilla bean lengthwise and add to wine and water mixture. Add cinnamon sticks, bay leaves and sugar, to taste. Add pears to liquid and simmer for about 20 minutes or until tender. Cool pears in wine mixture to room temperature. You can refrigerate them in the poaching liquid until you're ready to fill them. Remove stems from pears and set stems aside. Core pears with an apple corer, leaving pear whole. Whisk together mascarpone cheese, heavy cre <END>
INPUT: steakhouse, salad, pancetta, Gorgonzola cheese, sour cream, lemon juice, milk
OUTPUT: TITLE: Steakhouse Wedge Salad with Gorgonzola and Crispy Pancetta | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 8 to 12 thin slices pancetta; 4 ounces Gorgonzola cheese, crumbled (about 1/2 cup); 3 tablespoons sour cream; 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice; 1/3 cup whole milk; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 head iceberg lettuce, quartered; 2 Roma tomatoes, cut into wedges; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh chives | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Line a rimmed baking sheet with parchment paper. Arrange the pancetta in a single layer on the prepared baking sheet. Bake until golden brown and crisp, 8 to 10 minutes. Transfer to a paper-towel-lined plate to drain. Meanwhile, mash together the Gorgonzola, sour cream and lemon juice in a bowl. Add the milk and whisk to combine. Season with salt and pepper. Arrange the iceberg wedges and tomatoes on 4 plates. Drizzle with the Gorgonzola dressing and crumble the pancetta over the top. Garnish with the chives. <END>
INPUT: butter, sugar snaps, shallot, Salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sauteed Sugar Snaps | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 teaspoon butter; 3 cups sugar snaps, blanched; 1 shallot, finely diced; Salt and pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat a saute pan with the butter. Add the blanched sugar snaps and cook for 1 minute. Add the shallot and cook for 1 minute. Season to taste with salt and pepper, and remove from the heat.; <END>
INPUT: Italian, tarts, parmesan cheese, eggs, leek
OUTPUT: TITLE: Simple Leek and Ricotta Tarts | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 500 grams (1 pound) fresh ricotta cheese; 1/4 cup grated parmesan cheese; 2 eggs; 600 grams (20 ounces) ready-prepared puff pastry; 1 leek, trimmed and finely sliced; 45 grams (1 1/2 ounces) butter, melted; 2 teaspoons thyme leaves; Sea salt and cracked black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 180°C (355°F). Place the ricotta, parmesan and eggs in a bowl and whisk until smooth. Roll out the pastry on a lightly floured surface until 3 mm (1/8 inch) thick. Cut into 4 x 15 cm (6 inch) squares and place on baking trays lined with non-stick baking paper. Spread the ricotta mixture over the pastry squares leaving a 2 cm (3/4 inch) border. Place the leek on top of the ricotta mixture and brush with the butter. Sprinkle with the thyme, salt, and pepper and bake for 25–30 minutes or until the leek is golden. Serve with the fennel and parsley salad . Preheat the oven to 18 <END>
INPUT: dough, all purpose flour, vegetable shortening, salt, ice water
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pastry Dough | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 1/2 cups all-purpose flour; 1 1/2 sticks (3/4 cup) cold unsalted butter, cut into 1/2-inch cubes; 1/4 cup cold vegetable shortening; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 4 to 6 tablespoons ice water; Special equipment: a pastry or bench scraper | INSTRUCTIONS: Blend together flour, butter, shortening, and salt in a bowl with your fingertips or a pastry blender (or pulse in a food processor) until most of mixture resembles coarse meal with some small (roughly pea-size) butter lumps. Drizzle evenly with 4 tablespoons ice water and gently stir with a fork (or pulse in food processor) until incorporated. Squeeze a small handful: If it doesn't hold together, add more ice water, 1 tablespoon at a time, stirring (or pulsing) until incorporated, then test again. (Do not overwork mixture, or pastry will be tough.) Turn out mixture onto a lightly floured surf <END>
INPUT: planked, butter, egg yolk, lemon juice, Dijon mustard, bread crumbs
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cedar Planked Green Onion Halibut | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 tablespoons butter, softened; 1 egg yolk; 2 tablespoons lemon juice; 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard; 4 tablespoons bread crumbs; 1/4 cup chopped green onions (scallions); 2 tablespoons parsley; 1 clove garlic; 2 tablespoons canola oil; 1 1/2 to 2 pounds halibut fillet, all skin and bones removed; Salt and pepper; 4 untreated cedar wood planks or shingles, 4-inches by 6-inches by 1/2-inch, soaked in warm water for 30 minutes | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 425 degrees. In the bowl of a food processor, combine the butter, egg yolk, lemon juice, mustard, bread crumbs, green onions, parsely, and garlic. Pulse for 1 to 2 minutes to throughly combine into a paste. Pour the butter mixture onto a piece of plastic wrap, roll the wrap as you would a cigar, into a cylindrical shape, and refrigerate for 2 to 3 hours until hardened. Cut the halibut into four to six equal steak portions. Brush the soaked wood with oil and place into the oven on a baking sheet for 10 minutes to begin to season the wood. Brush the fish with oil ands season with <END>
INPUT: cookies, all purpose flour, baking soda, fine salt, virgin coconut oil, light sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Coconut Oil Chocolate Chip Cookies | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 1/4 cups all-purpose flour; 1 teaspoon baking soda; 1 teaspoon fine salt; 3/4 cup virgin coconut oil; 3/4 cup packed light brown sugar; 2/3 cup granulated sugar; 2 large eggs; 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract; One 12-ounce bag semisweet chocolate chips | INSTRUCTIONS: Position oven racks in the top and bottom thirds of the oven, and preheat to 375 degrees F. Line 2 baking sheets with parchment. Whisk together the flour, baking soda and salt in a large bowl. Beat the coconut oil and both sugars with an electric mixer on medium-high speed in a second large bowl until light and fluffy, about 4 minutes. Add the eggs to the coconut oil mixture, one at time, beating after each addition to incorporate; beat in the vanilla. Reduce the speed to medium, add the flour mixture, and beat until just incorporated. Stir in the chocolate chips. Scoop 12 heaping tablespoons  <END>
INPUT: Mexican, chorizo, garlic, virgin olive oil, Juice orange, sherry vinegar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Swordfish with Potato-Chorizo Salad | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: For the fish:; 4 cloves garlic, smashed; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, plus more for drizzling; Juice of 1/2 orange; 1 tablespoon sherry vinegar; 1 teaspoon honey; 1 teaspoon chopped fresh thyme; 1/2 teaspoon cumin seeds, chopped; Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper; 6 6-to-8-ounce skin-on swordfish steaks (about 1/2 inch thick); Vegetable oil, for brushing; For the potato salad:; 1 1/2 pounds small red-skinned potatoes, thinly sliced; Kosher salt; 1/4 teaspoon cumin seeds, chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: Prepare the fish: Whisk the garlic, olive oil, orange juice, vinegar, honey, thyme, cumin seeds, 1/2 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of pepper in a large bowl. Add the fish and turn to coat. Cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate 1 hour. Meanwhile, make the potato salad: Put the potatoes in a pot and cover with cold water; season with salt. Bring to a boil and cook over medium-high heat until tender, about 20 minutes; drain. Toast the cumin seeds in a medium skillet over medium heat, about1 minute; transfer to a large bowl. Add the olive oil and chorizo to the skillet and cook until the choriz <END>
INPUT: orange juice, sugar, water, tea bags, sparkling water
OUTPUT: TITLE: Orange Ice Tea | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup orange juice; 1/2 cup sugar; 2 cups water; 7 black tea bags (recommended: Red Rose); 3 cups sparkling water, chilled; 1/2 small orange, thinly sliced; Ice; Fresh mint or basil sprigs, to garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Special equipment: a 60-ounce (7 1/2 cups) pitcher For the syrup: In a small saucepan, bring the orange juice and sugar to a boil over medium-high heat. Simmer, stirring occasionally, until the sugar has dissolved, about 5 minutes. Remove from the heat and cool for 20 minutes. For the tea: In a small saucepan, bring the water to a boil. Add the tea bags and remove the pan from the heat. Allow the tea to steep and cool to room temperature, about 20 minutes. Remove the tea bags and discard. Pour the tea and syrup into a pitcher and refrigerate until ready to serve. <END>
INPUT: napoleon, honey, raspberry fruit spread, vanilla extract, raspberries
OUTPUT: TITLE: Vanilla Pudding Raspberry Napoleon | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons honey; 2 tablespoons raspberry fruit spread; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, divided; 1 pint fresh raspberries (reserve 4 raspberries for garnish); 3 (3.75-ounce) sugar-free prepared vanilla pudding cups; 2 (3.5-ounce) boxes butter crisp wafer cookies (recommended: Jules Destrooper) | INSTRUCTIONS: In a small bowl, gently stir together the honey, fruit spread and 1/2 teaspoon vanilla. Add the raspberries and toss to coat. In a medium bowl, mix together the pudding and the remaining 1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract. To assemble, place a wafer cookie onto a plate. Place with 1 heaping tablespoon pudding and 1 heaping tablespoon raspberries and top with a second wafer cookie. Top with another heaping tablespoon pudding, another heaping tablespoon raspberries and a third wafer cookie. Top with a small dollop of the pudding and garnish with a reserved raspberry. Repeat with remaining ingredients. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, yucatan, orange juice, lime juice, lemon juice, olive oil, ancho chili powder
OUTPUT: TITLE: Yucatan Marinated Halibut Grilled in Banana Leaves with Orange-Pineapple Relish | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cups fresh orange juice; 1/2 cup fresh lime juice; 1/4 cup fresh lemon juice; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 2 tablespoons ancho chili powder; 4 teaspoons pasilla chili powder; 2 teaspoons chili de arbol powder; 4 (8-ounce) halibut fillets, skinned; 4 banana leaves, soaked in water for at least 30 minutes; Salt and freshly ground pepper; Orange-Pineapple Relish, recipe follows; 2 limes, juiced; 2 tablespoons freshly squeezed orange juice; 1 teaspoon chili de arbol powder; 2 teaspoons honey | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat grill to high. Whisk together juices, oil, and chili powders in a medium baking dish. Add the halibut and turn to coat. Marinate for 5 minutes. Remove the banana leaves from the water and shake off excess water. Place the leaves on a flat surface. Remove the halibut from the marinade, season with salt and pepper, and place 1 fillet in the center of each leaf. Wrap the banana leaf loosely around each fillet. Place the packets flat on the grill, close the cover, and cook for 8 to 10 minutes or until just cooked through. Carefully remove from the grill and serve the fish in the banana leaf,  <END>
INPUT: dipped, rocher, coconut, granulated sugar, kosher salt, egg whites
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate Dipped Coconut Rocher | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Nonstick cooking spray, for spraying baking sheet; 2 1/2 cups shredded sweetened coconut; 1/2 cup granulated sugar; 1/4 teaspoon kosher salt; 2 large egg whites; 1/4 teaspoon pure almond extract; 4 ounces semisweet chocolate morsels (1/2 cup), melted | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper or a silicone baking mat. Lightly spray with nonstick cooking spray. In a mixing bowl, stir to combine the coconut, sugar and salt. Make a well in the center of the bowl and lightly whisk in the egg whites and almond extract until well incorporated with the other ingredients. For each macaroon, spoon up about 2 teaspoons of the coconut mixture and roll into a ball in the palm of your hand, wetting your fingers if necessary. Pinch the top to shape each ball into a pyramid; space the macaroons about 1 inch apart from one <END>
INPUT: tartines, onion, Champagne vinegar wine, vegetable oil, capers, country style bread
OUTPUT: TITLE: Smoked Salmon Tartines with Fried Capers | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 small red onion, very thinly sliced; 2/3 cup Champagne vinegar or white wine vinegar; 1/4 cup vegetable oil; 2 tablespoons capers, rinsed, patted dry; 8 slices country-style bread, toasted or grilled; 1 cup crème fraîche; Kosher salt, freshly ground pepper; 1 freshly ground pepper; 1 pound hot-smoked salmon, flaked; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh chives; Olive oil (for drizzling) | INSTRUCTIONS: Toss onion and vinegar in a small bowl; let stand at least 1 hour to pickle. Heat oil in a small skillet over medium-high heat. Working in 2 batches, fry capers until opened and crisp, about 30 seconds. Drain on paper towels. Spread toasts with crème fraîche and season with salt and pepper. Top with smoked salmon, drained pickled red onion, fried capers, and chives; drizzle with oil. Do ahead: Onion can be pickled 1 day ahead. Cover and chill. Toss onion and vinegar in a small bowl; let stand at least 1 hour to pickle. Heat oil in a small skillet over medium-high heat. Working in 2 batches, fr <END>
INPUT: salad, Juice limes, fish sauce, sugar, peanut oil, Thai bird chiles
OUTPUT: TITLE: Green Papaya Salad with Spicy Grilled Shrimp | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Juice of 3 limes; 2 tablespoons fish sauce; 1 tablespoon sugar; 1/4 cup peanut oil; 2 fresh Thai bird chiles, minced with seeds; 4 scallions, sliced 1/8-inch, white and green separated; 1/4 cup chopped roasted peanuts; 4 cups green papaya julienne (2 papayas) peeled and seeded; Salt and black pepper to taste; 12 large shrimp, peeled and de-veined, tail on; 1 tablespoon sambal oelek; Juice of 1 lime; 1/4 cup canola oil; Salt and black pepper to taste | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large bowl, mix the juice, fish sauce and sugar. Whisk in the oil and season. Add the chiles, scallion whites and peanuts. Toss in the papaya and check for seasoning. Let stand 20 minutes before serving. SPICY GRILLED SHRIMP: Mix everything together and let marinate for 15 minutes. Season shrimp and place on a hot, oiled grill. Turn frequently and cook for about 8 minutes. PLATING Place a small mound of salad and top with 3 shrimp. Garnish with sliced scallion greens. Wine Suggestion: DVX Champagne 1994 by Mumm Cuvee Napa <END>
INPUT: American, ketchup, dark amber maple, cider vinegar, Worcestershire sauce, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pulled Chicken with Bourbon BBQ | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup ketchup; 2 tablespoons dark amber maple syrup; 2 tablespoons cider vinegar; 2 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce; 2 large cloves garlic, finely chopped; 1/4 cup apricot all-fruit spread or preserves; 2 shots good-quality bourbon; 1 tablespoon orange zest; Coarsely ground black pepper; 1 sweet potato, peeled and cut into small dice; Salt; 1 tablespoon vegetable oil; 1 large onion, chopped; 4 cups Pulled Poached Chicken, recipe follows; 1 cup poaching liquid from Pulled Poached Chicken, recipe follows | INSTRUCTIONS: For the BBQ sauce: Combine the ketchup, brown sugar, maple syrup, vinegar, Worcestershire sauce and garlic in a small pot. Cook over medium-low heat until thickened, 25 to 30 minutes. Stir in the apricot preserves, bourbon and orange zest until well combined. Season with coarsely ground black pepper. For the sandwiches: Cover the sweet potatoes with water in a small pot and season with salt. Bring to a boil and cook for 5 minutes. Drain. Meanwhile, heat the vegetable oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Add the onions and cook until softened, 10 to 15 minutes. Add the sweet potatoes, Pulle <END>
INPUT: dressing, hazelnuts, asparagus, orange zest, orange juice, lemon juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Asparagus with Orange Dressing and Toasted Hazelnuts | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons finely chopped hazelnuts; 1 1/2 lb asparagus; 1/4 teaspoon freshly grated orange zest; 2 teaspoons fresh orange juice; 1 teaspoon fresh lemon juice; 2 tablespoons olive oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 375°F. Toast hazelnuts in a small shallow baking pan until golden, 4 to 5 minutes. Trim woody ends from asparagus and, if desired, peel lower 2 inches of stems with a vegetable peeler. Cook asparagus in a large saucepan of boiling salted water until crisp-tender, about 6 minutes, and drain well in a colander. Whisk together remaining ingredients except nuts with salt and pepper to taste. Transfer hot asparagus to plates. Spoon orange dressing over top and sprinkle with nuts. Preheat oven to 375°F. Toast hazelnuts in a small shallow baking pan until golden, 4 to 5 minutes. Trim  <END>
INPUT: marshmallows, unflavored powdered gelatin, water, sugar, Grade dark Grade, light corn syrup
OUTPUT: TITLE: Maple-Bacon Marshmallows | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 1/2 teaspoons unflavored powdered gelatin; 1/2 cup cold water; 2/3 cup sugar; 1/2 cup Grade A dark or Grade B maple syrup*; 1/4 cup light corn syrup; 1/4 cup water; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 1/8 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1/2 cup (about 1 1/2 ounces) finely chopped candied bacon**; 1/2 cup Classic Coating, plus more for dusting; *The key to getting real maple flavor is using a dark amber Grade A or Grade B syrup, which are bolder than lighter Grade A varieties; **To make candied bacon, lay 6 or 7 bacon slices on a wire rack set over a sheet pan lined with foil. Combine 1/4 cup light brown sugar with 1/8 teasp | INSTRUCTIONS: Lightly coat an 8-by-8-inch baking pan with cooking spray. WHISK TOGETHER the gelatin and cold water in a small bowl. Let it soften for 5 minutes. STIR TOGETHER the sugar, maple syrup, corn syrup, water, and salt in a medium saucepan. Bring it to a boil over high heat, stirring occasionally, until it hits 240°F. Be prepared to lower the heat as needed-this syrup likes to bubble up. Microwave the gelatin on high until completely melted, about 30 seconds. Pour it into the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the whisk attachment. Set the mixer to low and keep it running. WHEN THE SYRUP reaches 240° <END>
INPUT: stew, virgin olive oil, butter, all purpose flour, beef chuck shoulder, Sea salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: The Ultimate Beef Stew | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil, for frying, plus more to drizzle; 3 tablespoons butter; 2 cups all-purpose flour; 2 to 3 pounds beef chuck shoulder roast, cut into 2-inch pieces (this cut is also called chuck shoulder pot roast and chuck roast boneless); Sea salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 bottle good quality dry red wine (recommended: Burgundy); 8 fresh thyme sprigs; 6 garlic cloves, smashed; 1 orange, zest removed in three 1-inch strips; 1/4 teaspoon ground cloves; 2 bay leaves; 2 1/2 cups beef stock; 9 small new potatoes, scrubbed clean and cut in 1/2; 1/2 pound carrots, peeled and sliced; 2 cups frozen pearl onions, a large handful | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat a large heavy-bottomed saucepan or Dutch oven over medium-high heat with the oil and butter. While the pan is heating, arrange the flour on a large dish. Season the cubed beef with some salt and freshly ground black pepper and then toss in the flour to coat. Shake off the excess flour and add the beef chunks in a single layer to the hot pan, being careful not to over crowd the pan, you might have to work in batches. Thoroughly brown all of the cubes on all sides. Once all the meat has been browned remove it to a plate and reserve. Add the wine to the pan  <END>
INPUT: sauce, carrot juice, wine vermouth, lemon juice, shallot, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sea Scallops with Carrot-Marjoram Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups carrot juice; 1/2 cup dry white wine or dry vermouth; 3 tablespoons freshly squeezed lemon juice; 1 medium shallot, finely chopped; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 4 tablespoons (1/2 stick) chilled unsalted butter, cut into 8 pieces; 8 (3-inch) sprigs fresh marjoram, tied together with kitchen twine; 1 1/2 pounds large sea scallops (about 12); Coarse salt and freshly ground pepper; 2 tablespoons vegetable or olive oil | INSTRUCTIONS: In a medium saucepan, combine carrot juice, 1/4 cup wine, lemon juice, shallot, and salt. Bring to a boil over high heat. Reduce heat just enough to maintain a steady boil and cook until slightly thickened and reduced to about 1/2 cup. It should be the consistency of pulpy orange juice, 20 to 30 minutes. Reduce heat and very gently simmer carrot reduction. Whisk in butter 1 piece at a time, waiting until each piece is melted and incorporated before adding another. The sauce should be thickened enough to lightly coat the back of a spoon. Return the sauce to a simmer, whisking constantly. Drop i <END>
INPUT: spiced, fritters, pure maple syrup, cinnamon, vanilla bean, unbleached all purpose, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spiced Fritters with Maple-Vanilla Syrup | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups pure maple syrup; 1 cinnamon stick; 1 vanilla bean, split lengthwise; 2 1/2 cups unbleached all purpose flour; 1/2 cup sugar; 2 teaspoons baking powder; 1 teaspoon baking soda; 1 teaspoon ground allspice; 1/2 teaspoon ground mace; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 2 cups vanilla-flavored soy yogurt; 2 large eggs; 4 teaspoons brandy; Canola oil (for frying); Powdered sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: For syrup: Combine maple syrup and cinnamon stick in medium saucepan. Scrape in seeds from vanilla bean; add bean. Bring to boil. Reduce heat and simmer 5 minutes. Scrape down sides of pan. Let syrup cool completely. Combine maple syrup and cinnamon stick in medium saucepan. Scrape in seeds from vanilla bean; add bean. Bring to boil. Reduce heat and simmer 5 minutes. Scrape down sides of pan. Let syrup cool completely. For fritters: Whisk first 7 ingredients in large bowl to blend. Whisk yogurt, eggs, and brandy in medium bowl to blend. Stir yogurt mixture into dry ingredients (batter will be  <END>
INPUT: withwith, golden raisins, rum, sugar, butter, lemon juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Caramelized Pears Withwith Rum Raisin Mascarpone | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup golden raisins, packed tightly; 1/2 cup rum; 4 tablespoons brown sugar; 3 tablespoons butter; 1/2 teaspoon fresh lemon juice; 4 Bosc pears; 1 pint mascarpone; 1 cup light rum; 1/2 cup hot water; 1 cup sugar, packed; 1 cup golden raisins, packed tightly; 1 tablespoon lemon juice; 4 amaretto cookies, crumbled | INSTRUCTIONS: Pre-heat oven to 375 degrees F. Begin by soaking the raisins. Pour hot water over raisins and add rum, sugar, and lemon juice. Cover with plastic wrap and set aside while you prepare the rest of the dish — let rest for at least 45 minutes Split pears down the middle retaining stem and skin. Using a melon baller, remove the cores. Add brown sugar and butter to a large non-stick skillet over medium high heat until just melted. Add lemon juice and pears, cut side down, to pan then baste with metled butter and sugar. Pop into the oven for 15 to 17 minutes until pears are tender. When done remove f <END>
INPUT: balls, russet potatoes, leeks, low salt chicken, matzo meal, olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Potato-Leek Matzo Balls | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 pounds russet potatoes, peeled, cut into 1/2-inch pieces; 4 cups chopped leeks (white and pale green parts only; from 4 large); 1 1/2 cups canned low-salt chicken broth; 2 cups matzo meal; 1/3 cup olive oil; 3/4 teaspoon ground black pepper; 6 large eggs; 1 tablespoon salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Steam potatoes until very tender, about 15 minutes. Transfer potatoes to large bowl and mash well. Combine 2 cups leeks and broth in heavy medium saucepan; bring to boil over medium-high heat. Cover and cook until leeks are tender, about 5 minutes. Uncover and boil until mixture is reduced to scant 1 1/4 cups, about 7 minutes. Transfer to processor and blend until smooth. Add to mashed potatoes. Add matzo meal, oil, and pepper and blend very well. Using electric mixer, beat eggs, and salt in medium bowl until thick, about 8 minutes. Fold egg mixture into potato mixture in 3 additions; fold in  <END>
INPUT: half half, Monterey Jack cheese, light cream cheese, garlic powder, Worcestershire sauce
OUTPUT: TITLE: Artichoke and Spinach Dip | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cups half-and-half; 8 oz. grated Monterey Jack cheese; 8 oz. light cream cheese; 1 tsp. garlic powder; 1 1/2 tsp. Worcestershire sauce; 1/2 tsp. salt; Fresh ground pepper to taste; 3/4 lb. fresh spinach (stemmed and chopped); 2-14 oz cans of artichoke hearts (rinsed, drained and chopped); 4 green onions, chopped; tortilla chips, pita, etc. for dipping | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring the cream to a simmer over medium heat and add the Monterey Jack, cream cheese, garlic powder, Worcestershire, salt and fresh pepper. Continuously stir to prevent sticking until the cheeses melt. While slowly stirring, add the spinach, artichoke hearts, and scallions. Stir until mixed and the spinach is wilted. This dip can be served immediately or served chilled. <END>
INPUT: Italian, strawberry, strawberries, aged balsamic vinegar, pepper, six pita flatbread, virgin olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Balsamic Strawberry and Mozzarella Flatbread | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 pint fresh strawberries, hulled and thinly sliced; 2 Tbsp. aged balsamic vinegar of balsamic vinegar reduction; freshly ground black pepper; 6 six-inch pita or flatbread rounds, whole wheat or white; extra virgin olive oil, for brushing; coarse salt; 5 two-inch small mozzarella balls; 5 fresh basil leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees, or preheat the grill to medium. Combine the strawberries, vinegar, and a few grinds of pepper in a medium, no-reactive mixing bowl and let stand at room temperature for at least 5 (and up to 30) minutes. Brush the flatbread lightly on both sides with olive oil and sprinkle with salt to taste. Place on a baking sheet and heat in the oven 2 minutes to soften; or place flat-breads directly on the heated grill for 2 minutes to soften and toast slightly. Remove, cut in quarters and return to baking sheet. Slice the mozzarella into 1/2-inch-thick slices. Layer 3 to 4 <END>
INPUT: American, crusted, strawberry, stone mustard, mayonnaise, Juice orange, Kosher salt pepper, Zinfandel wine
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pepper-crusted Steak with Strawberry Zinfandel Sauce and Orange-Mustard Aioli | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup stone ground mustard; 1/4 cup prepared mayonnaise; Juice of 1 orange; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 1/2 cups red Zinfandel wine; 1/4 pint strawberries, cleaned and halved; 1/2 cup orange-flavored liqueur; 1/4 cup beef stock; 1 tablespoon honey; 2 (4 to 6-ounce) strip steaks; 3 tablespoons freshly cracked black peppercorns; 3 tablespoons olive oil, divided; 1 head frisee lettuce, torn into bite-size pieces; 1/2 red onion, thinly sliced; 6 grape tomatoes, halved | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Blend the mustard, mayonnaise, 1/4 of orange juice, and salt, and pepper, to taste in a food processor or blender. In a saucepan, combine the wine with the strawberries, orange-flavored liqueur, beef stock, and honey. Bring it to a simmer over medium heat, and cook until its reduced by half. Pour the mixture into a blender and puree until smooth. Coat the steaks in black peppercorns and season liberally with salt. Heat 1 tablespoon olive oil in an oven-proof saute pan over medium-high heat and sear the steaks for 2 minutes on each side, then transfer the pan  <END>
INPUT: fudge, cups, creamy peanut butter, chocolate frosting
OUTPUT: TITLE: Peanut Butter Fudge Cups | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 (18-ounce) package refrigerated sugar cookie dough, softened; 1/2 cup creamy peanut butter; Prepared chocolate frosting | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Grease mini-cupcake pans with nonstick cooking spray. Mix cookie dough with peanut butter just until swirled. Press 1 rounded teaspoonful of dough into each of the prepared cups. Bake for 12 minutes. Cool in pans. Run a small knife carefully around the edge. Remove from pans to a cooling rack. When completely cool, place a scant teaspoonful of frosting in the center of each cookie. <END>
INPUT: fruit leathers stone, Salt pepper, sugar, cinnamon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fruit Leather Filet Mignon | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 (6 to 8 ounce) filet mignon medallions; 4 fruit leathers in stone fruit or mixed berry; Salt and pepper; 1 tablespoon brown sugar; 1 teaspoon cinnamon; 2 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce | INSTRUCTIONS: Dip the steaks in the Worcestershire sauce and season with cinnamon, sugar, salt, and pepper. Cut out circles with the fruit leather (using a cookie cutter) to match the size of the steak. Put the fruit leather on top of the steak and bake at 375 degrees F for about 18 to 20 minutes. This is best served with a stuffing that matches the fruit leather chosen...like an apricot corn bread stuffing. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, relish, crisp, Haas avocado, roasted corn kernels, onion, cilantro, lime juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Sea Scallops with Avocado-Corn Relish on Crisp Tortillas | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2 Haas avocado, peeled, pitted and coarsely chopped; 1 cup roasted corn kernels; 3 tablespoons finely diced red onion; 1/4 cup coarsely chopped cilantro; 1/4 cup fresh lime juice; 2 tablespoons sour cream; Salt and freshly ground pepper; 12 sea scallops; Olive oil; Salt and freshly ground pepper; 1 bag baked or fried flour tortilla chips; 1/4 cup finely chopped parsley | INSTRUCTIONS: For the relish: Combine all ingredients in bowl and season with salt and pepper to taste. For the scallops: Preheat grill. Brush scallops with oil and season with salt and pepper to taste. Grill the scallops for 2 minutes on each side. Arrange tortillas on a serving platter, top each with a layer of relish and 1 scallop. Garnish with parsley. <END>
INPUT: Italian, parmesan, Olive oil greasing, mascarpone, Parmigiano Reggiano
OUTPUT: TITLE: Polenta with Mascarpone and Parmesan | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: Olive oil for greasing dish; 1 (16- to 18-ounce) ready-made plain polenta roll; 1/2 cup mascarpone; 1 1/2 ounces finely grated Parmigiano-Reggiano (3/4 cup) | INSTRUCTIONS: Put oven rack in middle position and preheat oven to 450°F. Oil a 13- by 9-inch or other 2- to 3-quart shallow baking dish. Pat polenta roll dry, then cut crosswise into 1/3-inch-thick slices and arrange in baking dish, overlapping slices slightly to cover bottom completely. Stir mascarpone in a small bowl to loosen, then spread over polenta, holding slices down with your hand. Sprinkle Parmigiano-Reggiano evenly over top. Bake until bubbling and golden, 15 to 18 minutes. Let stand 5 minutes to firm up, then season with pepper. Put oven rack in middle position and preheat oven to 450°F. Oil a  <END>
INPUT: acorn squash, virgin olive oil, pumpkin pie spice, ready rice, raspberries
OUTPUT: TITLE: Acorn Squash with Raspberry Stuffing | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 large acorn squash; 2 teaspoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1/4 teaspoon pumpkin pie spice (recommended: McCormick); 1 cup brown ready rice (recommended: Uncle Ben's); 1/4 cup frozen raspberries; 1 scallion, finely chopped; 1 tablespoon frozen orange juice concentrate; 1/4 cup chopped walnuts; 1/4 cup light raspberry and walnut vinaigrette | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. Cut squash in half and scoop out seeds. Use a pastry brush to brush squash with olive oil and sprinkle with pumpkin pie spice; set aside. In a large mixing bowl, stir to combine remaining ingredients. Fill centers of squash with stuffing mixture. Place in a baking dish and cover with foil. Bake in preheated oven for 45 minutes. Remove foil and continue baking another 15 to 20 minutes or until squash is fork tender. Cut each half acorn squash into half and serve hot. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, katie, mayonnaise, lime juice, chipotle adobo sauce
OUTPUT: TITLE: Katie's Chipotle Mayo | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup mayonnaise; 1 tablespoon lime juice; 1 tablespoon chopped canned chipotle in adobo sauce | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. In a small bowl, mix together the mayonnaise, lime juice and chipotle until completely combined. <END>
INPUT: Indian, flannel, hash, butter, shallots, egg, heavy cream, chipotle puree
OUTPUT: TITLE: Red-Flannel Salmon Hash with Poached Eggs and Coriander Hollandaise | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon butter; 2 shallots, thinly sliced; 1 egg; 1/4 cup heavy cream; 1/2 teaspoon chipotle puree*; 1 tablespoon minced fresh cilantro, thyme, or parsley; Salt and freshly ground black pepper>; 8 ounces oven-steamed salmon, or an 8-ounce fillet of raw salmon poached in 2 cups court bouillon; 1 medium-size red beet, roasted until tender, peeled, and cut into 1/2-inch dice; 1 large russet potato, cooked until tender, peeled, and cut into 1/2-inch dice; 1/2 cup panko (Japanese bread crumbs), or fresh bread crumbs; 2-3 tablespoons butter, for sautéing; 2 egg yolks; 2 tablespoons lemon juice; 1 tablespoon water | INSTRUCTIONS: Make the custard: In a sauté pan, melt the butter over medium heat and sauté the shallots in the butter until soft, about 4 minutes. Spoon the shallots out of the pan and into a mixing bowl. Crack the egg into the shallots and whisk in the cream, chipotle puree, herbs, and salt and pepper. In a sauté pan, melt the butter over medium heat and sauté the shallots in the butter until soft, about 4 minutes. Spoon the shallots out of the pan and into a mixing bowl. Crack the egg into the shallots and whisk in the cream, chipotle puree, herbs, and salt and pepper. Make the hash: Break up the salmon i <END>
INPUT: cake, eggs, flour
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate Cake | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 9 ounces (250 g) bittersweet or semisweet chocolate, chopped; 8 tablespoons (120 g) unsalted butter; 1/3 cup (65 g) sugar; 4 large eggs, at room temperature, separated; 2 tablespoons flour; Pinch of salt | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. Preheat the oven to 350°F (180°C). Butter a 9-inch (23-cm) loaf pan and line the bottom with a strip of parchment paper. 2. In a large bowl set pan over simmering water, heat chocolate and butter together just until melted and smooth. 3. Remove from heat and stir in half the sugar, then the egg yolks,and The Sweet Life in Paris 35 flour. 4. Using an electric mixer, or a whisk, begin whipping the egg whites with salt. Keep whipping them until they start to form soft, droopy, peaks. Gradually whip in the remaining sugar until the whites are smooth and hold their shape when the whisk is lifted <END>
INPUT: gravy, shallot, chanterelle mushrooms, flour Wondra Shake, Turkey Stock
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chanterelle Mushroom Gravy | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 tablespoons (1/2 stick) unsalted butter; 1 shallot, minced; 3/4 pound chanterelle mushrooms, wiped or brushed clean and finely chopped; 1/4 cup instant flour such as Wondra or Shake & Blend; 3 cups Turkey Stock; Kosher or sea salt; Freshly ground white pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: In a 2 1/2-quart saucepan over medium heat, melt the butter and swirl to coat the pan. Add the shallot and sauté until soft but not browned, about 1 minute. Add the mushrooms and sauté, stirring frequently, until the mushrooms soften and give up their juices, about 5 minutes. Meanwhile, in a small bowl or measuring cup, whisk together the flour and 1/2 cup of the stock until the flour is dissolved. Add the remaining 2 1/2 cups stock to the mushrooms in the pan and bring to a simmer. Whisk in the flour mixture and simmer until the gravy thickens, about 5 minutes. Taste and adjust the seasoning  <END>
INPUT: brittle, Vegetable oil, sugar, shelled, flaky sea salt, Greek yogurt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Yogurt with Pistachio Brittle | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Vegetable oil cooking spray; 1 cup sugar; 1 cup shelled, unsalted pistachios (or a mixture of pistachios and cashews); 1/2 teaspoons flaky sea salt, such as Maldon; 4 cups 2 percent Greek yogurt; 1/4 cup honey; 12 fresh, ripe apricots, pitted and sliced | INSTRUCTIONS: Lightly coat an 8" square baking dish with cooking spray. In a small saucepan, cook sugar over low heat, stirring occasionally with a silicone spatula or wooden spoon, until sugar melts and turns lightly golden, about 12 minutes. Remove from heat and add nuts, stirring quickly to combine. Immediately pour brittle into baking dish; spread evenly into a 1/4- to 1/2-inch-thick layer and sprinkle with salt. Use a sharp knife to score the brittle into 8 wedges. Let cool completely. Remove brittle from pan and break into wedges. Chop wedges into small pieces. Divide yogurt, honey, apricots and britt <END>
INPUT: chips, russet potatoes, virgin olive oil, cayenne pepper, Kosher salt, Olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Baked Fish and Chips | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 medium russet potatoes (1 1/4 pounds); 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil; Pinch of cayenne pepper; Kosher salt; Olive oil cooking spray; 2 3/4 cups crispy rice cereal; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 3 large egg whites; 1 1/2 pounds skinless, boneless Pollock (or other firm white fish), cut into 2-by-4-inch pieces; Tartar sauce and/or malt vinegar, for serving (optional) | INSTRUCTIONS: Position racks in the upper and lower thirds of the oven and preheat to 450 degrees F using the convection setting, if available. Place a baking sheet on one of the racks to preheat. Prepare the chips: Cut the potatoes into 1/4-inch-thick sticks. Toss with the olive oil and cayenne in a bowl. Carefully remove the hot baking sheet from the oven, add the potatoes and spread in an even layer. Use a rubber spatula to scrape any oil from the bowl over the potatoes. Bake on the top oven rack, turning once, until browned and crisp, 25 to 30 minutes. Season with salt. Meanwhile, make the fish: Set a w <END>
INPUT: olive oil, pepper, celery, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken and Olives | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cups olive oil; 1 (3 1/2-pound) fryer chicken, cut into 8 pieces; Freshly ground black pepper; 1/2 cup thinly sliced celery, about 1 stalk; 2 garlic cloves, minced; 1 1/2 cups dry white wine; 3 cups chicken stock (preferably low-sodium); 1 1/2 tablespoons red wine vinegar; 12 green Sicilian olives, pitted; 2 tablespoons finely chopped thyme leaves, plus sprigs for garnish; 4 tablespoons unsalted butter; Kosher salt | INSTRUCTIONS: In a deep skillet or pot large enough to hold the chicken pieces, heat the oil over medium-high heat until just starting to smoke. Pat the chicken dry, season it with pepper, and place it in the hot oil. When the chicken is browned, turn it over and brown the other side. Set the chicken aside. Very carefully, as it is very hot, pour out all but 2 tablespoons of the oil. Add the celery and the garlic. Over medium-high heat, lightly brown the garlic, but do not burn it, or it will taste bitter. Add the wine, chicken stock, vinegar, olives, and thyme. Raise the heat to high and bring to a boil. R <END>
INPUT: brei, creamed, vegetable oil, onions, Kosher salt milled, matzos
OUTPUT: TITLE: Matzo Brei with Creamed Spinach and Crispy Onions | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons vegetable oil; 2 medium onions, thinly sliced (about 2 cups); Kosher salt and freshly milled black pepper; 2 (10-ounce) packages frozen chopped spinach, thawed; 3 whole matzos; 6 large eggs, lightly beaten; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1 (5.2-ounce) package herb flavored spreadable cheese, (recommended: Boursin) or 2/3 cup soft goat or cream cheese | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat the oil in a medium skillet over high heat until hot. Reduce the heat to medium; add the onions and cook, stirring occasionally, until golden, about 8 minutes. Season with salt and pepper, to taste, and transfer to a bowl with a slotted spoon. Reserve the skillet and oil in which the onions were cooked. Meanwhile squeeze the spinach well, a handful at a time to remove all the water and set aside. Break up the matzos slightly and soak them in a bowl of cold water for 3 minutes. Drain the matzos and combine them with the eggs, 3/4 teaspoon salt, and 1/4 teaspoon pepper. Reheat the oil remai <END>
INPUT: Mexican, margarita, Kosher salt, lime wedges, tequila blanco, agave syrup, lime juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Agave Margarita | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: Kosher salt; 2 lime slices or wedges; 1/4 cup tequila blanco; 1 tablespoon agave syrup (nectar); 1/4 cup fresh lime juice | INSTRUCTIONS: Pour some kosher salt into a small dish. Rub 1 lime slice over half the rim of an Old Fashioned glass (if you prefer your Margarita on the rocks) or a coupe glass (if you prefer it up). Dip rim of glass into salt. Combine tequila, agave syrup, and juice in a cocktail shaker; fill with ice and shake well. Strain into prepared glass. Garnish with second lime slice. Pour some kosher salt into a small dish. Rub 1 lime slice over half the rim of an Old Fashioned glass (if you prefer your Margarita on the rocks) or a coupe glass (if you prefer it up). Dip rim of glass into salt. Combine tequila, aga <END>
INPUT: Italian, frittata, eggs, ricotta cheese, Coarse salt pepper, olive oil, herb leaves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Ricotta and Herb Frittata | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 8 large eggs; 1/2 cup fresh ricotta cheese, lightly beaten; Coarse salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1/4 cup roughly chopped herb leaves, such as basil, thyme, and marjoram; 1 tablespoon grated Parmesan | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 500 degrees F. Break eggs into a bowl, and lightly beat with a whisk or fork. Season ricotta with salt and pepper. Whisk 2 tablespoons of ricotta into eggs. In a 12-inch ovenproof nonstick skillet, heat the olive oil over medium heat. Rotate skillet to coat all sides with olive oil. Add the egg mixture, and reduce heat to low. Cook, loosening the eggs at the sides from time to time with a rubber spatula. Spoon remaining ricotta over eggs. Sprinkle chopped herbs and Parmesan over eggs. The eggs will be slightly runny. Transfer skillet to the oven, and bake until just set, about  <END>
INPUT: Mexican, florida, grouper, Cucumber, julienned cucumber, julienned bell pepper, julienned carrot, rice vinegar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Florida Grouper with Cucumber Slaw and Key Lime Butter Sauce | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: Cucumber Slaw:; 1 cup julienned cucumber; 1/2 cup julienned red bell pepper; 1/2 cup julienned carrot; 2 tablespoons rice vinegar; 2 tablespoons freshly-squeezed lime juice; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro; 2 tablespoons sugar; 1 tablespoon soy sauce; 1/2 teaspoon sesame oil; Key Lime Butter Sauce:; 6 ounces white wine; 2 shallots, minced; 2 bay leaves; 4 cups heavy cream | INSTRUCTIONS: For the slaw: Toss together the cucumber, bell pepper, carrot, rice vinegar, lime juice, cilantro, sugar, soy sauce and sesame oil. Refrigerate until ready to serve. For the key lime butter sauce: Bring the wine, shallots and bay leaves to a boil in a medium saucepan over high heat. Once boiling, add the heavy cream and lime zest and juice. Bring back to a boil and cook until reduced by half. Mix the cornstarch and water together and slowly whisk into the reduced cream. Once the mixture thickens turn the heat to low and add the butter a little at a time, whisking each time until fully incorpor <END>
INPUT: lemony, soup, carrot, celery, onion, chicken stock, orzo
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lemony Orzo Chicken Soup in a Jar | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 medium carrot, chopped; 1 celery stalk, chopped; 1/2 medium onion, chopped; 1 quart chicken stock; 1/3 cup orzo; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 12 ounces boneless, skinless chicken breasts (about 2 split breasts), cut into 1/2-inch pieces; 1/2 cup frozen peas, thawed; 4 cups loosely packed baby spinach; 2 tablespoons freshly squeezed lemon juice; 1 teaspoon finely grated lemon zest | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: 4 pint-size Mason jars Combine the carrots, celery and onions, chicken stock and 2 cups water in a large pot. Bring to a boil over medium-high heat. Add the orzo and 1/2 teaspoon salt, reduce the heat to a simmer and cook until the vegetables and orzo are tender, about 10 minutes. Toss the chicken with 1/2 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of pepper, then add to the soup along with the peas. Simmer until the chicken is just cooked through, 3 to 4 minutes. Add the spinach and cook, stirring, until just wilted. Off the heat, stir in the lemon juice and zest and season with salt a <END>
INPUT: American, salad, virgin olive oil, balsamic vinegar, apple juice concentrate, thyme, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Beet and Marinated Goat Cheese Salad | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 1/3 cup white balsamic vinegar; 1 tablespoon frozen apple juice concentrate, thawed; 1 1/2 teaspoons minced fresh thyme; 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, plus extra for seasoning; 1/4 teaspoon kosher salt, plus extra for seasoning; 2 cloves garlic, minced; 4 ounces goat cheese, chilled, broken into 1/2-inch chunks; Four 2-inch-diameter red or golden beets, tops trimmed; 6 ounces green beans, trimmed, cut into 2-inch lengths; 1 teaspoon extra-virgin olive oil; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 6 cups bite-size pieces butter lettuce (part of 1 head); 2 packed cups baby arugula; 1/2 large Granny Smith apple, cored, cut into thin slices | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. For the dressing: Combine the oil, vinegar, apple juice, thyme, pepper, salt and garlic in a small bowl and whisk to blend. Season with additional salt and pepper. For the salad: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Place the goat cheese in a medium bowl. Drizzle with just enough dressing to moisten. Refrigerate until ready to serve. Wrap each beet in foil. Place the beets directly onto the oven rack and roast until tender, about 50 minutes. Eight minutes before the beets are tender, place the green beans in a pie dish. Add the oil and a pinch each salt and pepper  <END>
INPUT: sour, cabbage, olive oil, fennel bulb, water, cider vinegar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sweet and Sour Red Cabbage and Fennel | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 1/2 cups thinly sliced red cabbage; 1 teaspoon olive oil; 3/4 pound fennel bulb, stalks trimmed flush with bulb and bulb chopped fine; 1/2 cup water; 1/4 cup cider vinegar; 2 tablespoons firmly packed dark brown sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large heavy non-stick skillet cook cabbage in oil over moderate heat, stirring, until wilted slightly, about 5 minutes. Add fennel and cook, stirring until just tender, about 5 minutes. Stir in water, vinegar, sugar, and salt and pepper to taste and cook, over moderately low heat, covered, stirring occasionally, until vegetables are tender and liquid is almost evaporated, 10 to 15 minutes. Serve cabbage and fennel hot or at room temperature. <END>
INPUT: spiced, peppers, two tuna steaks, olive oil additional, fennel seeds, peppercorns, fennel bulb
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spiced Tuna Steaks with Fennel and Red Peppers | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: two 6-ounce tuna steaks, each 1 inch thick; 1 1/2 tablespoons olive oil plus additional oil for brushing; 1 tablespoon fennel seeds; 1 1/2 teaspoons black peppercorns; 1 medium fennel bulb (sometimes called anise, about 1 pound), trimmed and cut into 1/4-inch crosswise slices; 1 medium red bell pepper, quartered and cut into 1/4-inch slices; 2 large garlic cloves, sliced thin; 1/2 cup water; 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice | INSTRUCTIONS: Lightly brush tuna steaks with some additional oil and season with salt. Crush fennel seeds and peppercorns coarse in a mortar with a pestle and press onto both sides of tuna steaks. Let tuna steaks stand on a plate 10 minutes. In a heavy non-stick skillet sauté fennel bulb in 1 1/2 tablespoons oil over moderately high heat, stirring, until golden. Add bell pepper and garlic and sauté 1 minute. Add water and simmer vegetables, covered, 10 minutes, or until fennel is tender. Remove lid and, if necessary, boil mixture until liquid is nearly evaporated. Add lemon juice and salt and pepper to tast <END>
INPUT: American, burgers, slaw, onion, portobello mushrooms, olive oil, buffalo, celery
OUTPUT: TITLE: Portobello Buffalo Burgers with Celery Apple Slaw | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 medium onion, chopped; 10 ounces portobello mushrooms, trimmed and quartered; 2 tablespoons plus 2 teaspoons olive oil, divided; 1 pound ground buffalo; 2 celery ribs; 1/2 Granny Smith apple, cored (left unpeeled); 1 tablespoons mayonnaise; 1 1/2 teaspoons cider vinegar; 1 teaspoon olive oil; 1 teaspoon whole-grain mustard; Rounded 1/4 teaspoon sugar; Equipment: an adjustable-blade slicer fitted with 1/8-inch julienne blade; Accompaniment: 4 hamburger buns or kaiser rolls, split and toasted | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook vegetables for burgers: Pulse onion and mushrooms in a food processor until finely chopped. Heat 2 tablespoons oil in a 10-inch heavy skillet over medium heat until it shimmers. Add mushroom mixture, 3/4 teaspoon salt, and rounded 1/4 teaspoon pepper and cook, stirring occasionally, until vegetables begin to brown and liquid has evaporated, 8 to 10 minutes. Transfer to a bowl and cool to warm, stirring occasionally, about 15 minutes. Pulse onion and mushrooms in a food processor until finely chopped. Heat 2 tablespoons oil in a 10-inch heavy skillet over medium heat until it shimmers. Add <END>
INPUT: power, salad, mache mixed baby, flat leaf parsley, basil leaves, strong herbs, wine vinegar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mache and Herb Power Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 cups mache or mixed baby greens; 1/2 cup flat-leaf parsley leaves; 1/2 cup basil leaves; 1/4 cup strong fresh herbs, such as chives, chervil, tarragon or dill; 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar; 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1/4 cup pine nuts or slivered almonds, toasted | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large bowl, combine the greens, parsley, basil and other herbs. Put the vinegar in a small bowl and, whisking constantly, slowly drizzle in the olive oil in a thin stream. Season the vinaigrette with salt and pepper. Dress the salad with the vinaigrette, tossing to coat the leaves. Sprinkle the nuts on top and serve. Photograph by Kat Teutsch <END>
INPUT: Asian, cakes, vinaigrette, water, tightly katsuo bushi, carrot, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Shrimp Cakes with Wasabi Vinaigrette | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 3 (6-inch) pieces kombu (dried kelp); 1 quart water; 1/2 cup tightly packed katsuo bushi (dried bonito flakes); 2 tablespoons finely diced carrot; 1/4 cup finely chopped onion; 1/2 cup finely chopped fresh shiitake caps (2 large); 8 medium (31 to 35 per pound) shrimp in shell without heads, peeled and deveined, finely chopped by hand or pulsed in a food processor; 1/4 pound skinless halibut, snapper, or cod fillet, finely chopped by hand or pulsed in a food processor; 1 large egg yolk, lightly beaten; 1/2 teaspoon fine sea salt; 1 teaspoon light shoyu (Japanese soy sauce); 2 teaspoons sugar; 1 quart vegetable oil; 1 tablespoon prepared wasabi paste; 1 tablespoon mayonnaise | INSTRUCTIONS: Make dashi: Wipe any sand or salt from kombu with a dampened cloth. Bring water and kombu almost to a boil in a 2-quart saucepan, then reduce heat and simmer, uncovered, 5 minutes. Add katsuo bushi and bring to a boil, then boil 30 seconds. Remove from heat and let stand 3 minutes, skimming any foam. Pour dashi through a cheesecloth-lined sieve into a bowl. Wipe any sand or salt from kombu with a dampened cloth. Bring water and kombu almost to a boil in a 2-quart saucepan, then reduce heat and simmer, uncovered, 5 minutes. Add katsuo bushi and bring to a boil, then boil 30 seconds. Remove from <END>
INPUT: Mexican, tacos, boiling potatoes, creamy rajas, olive oil, onions, bell peppers
OUTPUT: TITLE: Potato and Rajas Tacos | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 3 medium boiling potatoes, peeled and cut into 1/2-inch dice; 4 cups creamy rajas, recipe follows; 1/2 cup olive oil; 2 medium onions, halved and cut in 1/4-inch slices, lengthwise; 4 medium red bell peppers, roasted, peeled, seeded and julienned; 1 cup heavy cream; 3/4 cup grated Manchego or Monterey Jack cheese; 2/3 cup grated Cotija, Romano or Parmesan cheese; 4 medium ripe tomatoes, cored, seeded and finely diced; 1/4 red onion, minced; 2 jalapeno chiles, stemmed, seeded if desired and minced; 1 bunch cilantro, leaves only, chopped; 2 tablespoons freshly squeezed lime juice; 3/4 teaspoon salt; Pinch of freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring a medium saucepan of salted water to a boil and cook the potatoes until just tender, being careful not to overcook, 6 to 8 minutes. Drain, pat dry and spread in a single layer on a tray to cool. When ready to serve, heat the rajas in a medium saucepan over medium low heat, stirring frequently, just to heat through. Add the potatoes and stir occasionally until heated through. For potato and rajas tacos, toast 24 small Corn Tortillas and keep warm. For each taco, stack 2 tortillas and layer with the potato rajas mixture. Top with Salsa Fresca and an avocado slice and serve. In a large skil <END>
INPUT: American, souffles, asparagus spears, butter, all purpose flour, mustard, milk
OUTPUT: TITLE: Asparagus and Swiss Cheese Souffles | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 10 thin asparagus spears (ends trimmed), cut into 1-inch pieces; 2 1/2 tablespoons butter; 2 tablespoons all purpose flour; 1 teaspoon dry mustard; 2/3 cup milk; 2 large eggs, separated; 2/3 cup (packed) grated Swiss cheese (about 3 ounces); 1/4 teaspoon salt; 1/4 teaspoon pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 450°F. Generously butter two 1 1/4-cup soufflé dishes or custard cups. Divide asparagus pieces between prepared dishes. Melt butter in heavy medium saucepan. Drizzle 3/4 teaspoon butter over asparagus in each dish. Reserve remaining butter in pan. Bake asparagus until just tender and beginning to brown, about 6 minutes. Maintain oven temperature. Meanwhile, add flour and mustard to remaining butter in pan and whisk until smooth paste forms. Set over medium heat and whisk 1 minute. Whisk milk and yolks to blend in small bowl; whisk into flour mixture. Cook until sauce thickens,  <END>
INPUT: Asian, garlic, olive oil, Sea salt pepper, chicken broth
OUTPUT: TITLE: Garlic Roast Lamb Shank in Roasted Mushroom and Sesame Broth | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 6 (12-ounce) lamb shanks, bone-in; 8 cloves garlic, peeled; 3 tablespoons olive oil; Sea salt and freshly cracked black pepper; 4 cups chicken broth, divided; 2 tablespoons sesame oil; 1 (8-ounce) package baby bella mushrooms, halved; 2 tablespoons roasted sesame seeds | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Line a large roasting pan with aluminum foil. Rinse the lamb shanks, pat dry and put them into the lined roasting pan. Mince 8 cloves of garlic. Reserve 1 tablespoon for the sauce. Coat the lamb shanks with olive oil, garlic, salt and pepper, to tastes. Pour in about 2 cups chicken stock, cover the pan with foil and roast for 1 1/2 hours. Meanwhile, add the sesame oil a 10-quart saucepan, over medium heat and add the remaining tablespoon of garlic. Put on medium heat and let the garlic brown slightly. Add the mushrooms, stir and cook until the aroma starts to <END>
INPUT: root, beer, bread dough, baking soda, egg whites, Pretzel salt, Butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Root Beer Sloppy Joes on Pretzel Buns | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound white bread dough; 1/4 cup baking soda; 2 egg whites; Pretzel salt, for sprinkling; Butter, for greasing; 3 tablespoons olive oil; 1 cup diced onions; 1 cup diced red bell pepper; 3 cloves garlic, minced; 1 pound ground beef; 3 teaspoons chili powder; 1 teaspoon dry mustard; 1/2 teaspoon cayenne; 1/4 cup tomato paste; 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce | INSTRUCTIONS: For the pretzel buns: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Form the dough into 4 buns. Make the desired slits on top of the buns and set aside. In a large pot, combine the baking soda and 4 quarts water. Bring to a boil and then add the buns; cook for 3 minutes. Remove the buns and set on a rack to dry. Brush with the egg whites and sprinkle with pretzel salt. Place the buns on a buttered baking sheet and bake for 12 minutes. Adjust the oven to 350 degrees F and continue baking until the buns are browned, another 15 minutes. Remove from the oven and let cool. For the sloppy joes: In a large saut <END>
INPUT: American, sandwich, rye bread pumpernickel, butter, Reuben's Russian Dressing, well, Gruyère Switzerland Swiss
OUTPUT: TITLE: Reuben Sandwich | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 slices rye bread or pumpernickel; 2 teaspoons butter, at room temperature; 2 tablespoons Reuben's Russian Dressing; 1/4 cup well-drained, fresh-style sauerkraut; 2 ounces thinly sliced Gruyère or Switzerland Swiss cheese; 1/4 pound thinly sliced corned beef | INSTRUCTIONS: Butter each slice of bread evenly to the edges on one side. Place one slice, buttered side down, in a small cold skillet: Build the sandwich in the skillet you'll grill it in. Spread 1 tablespoon of the Russian dressing on the face-up, dry side of the bread. Then put on the sauerkraut, spreading it evenly. Arrange the cheese in an even layer over the sauerkraut, then do the same with the corned beef. Spread another 1 tablespoon Russian dressing on the dry side of the second slice of bread and place it, dressing side down, buttered side up, over the corned beef. Place the skillet over medium-lo <END>
INPUT: American, pure maple syrup, pumpkin pie spice, eggs
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pumpkin and Maple Cream Cheese Pie | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 can (15-ounce) solid-pack pumpkin, Libby's(R); 1 package (8-ounce) cream cheese, softened, Philadelphia(R); 1/4 cup pure maple syrup; 2 teaspoons pumpkin pie spice, McCormick(R); 3 large eggs; 1 teaspoon vanilla, McCormick(R); 2 (9-inch) graham cracker pie shells; 3 tablespoons bourbon, Jim Beam(R); 1 can (14-ounce) sweetened condensed milk, Eagle Brand(R); 2 teaspoons ground cinnamon, McCormick(R); Chocolate syrup, Hershey's(R) | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 325 degrees F. For cream cheese layer, in a small mixing bowl, combine 1?4 cup of the pumpkin, the cream cheese, maple syrup, 1 teaspoon of the pumpkin pie spice, 1 egg, and the vanilla. Beat with an electric mixer on medium speed until smooth. Spoon the cream cheese mixture evenly into the pie shells and smooth. Set aside. For the pumpkin layer, in a large mixing bowl, combine the remaining pumpkin and the bourbon. Beat with an electric mixer on low speed until mixed. Add sweetened condensed milk, cinnamon, the remaining 2 eggs, and remaining pumpkin pie spice. Beat until smoo <END>
INPUT: crusted, beurre, scallions, wine eyeball it, heavy cream, egg, chicken breast cutlets
OUTPUT: TITLE: Almond Crusted Chicken Cutlets with Scallion Beurre Blanc | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 scallions, whites and greens, very finely chopped; 1/2 cup dry white wine - eyeball it; 4 tablespoons heavy cream; 1 large egg; 8 pieces chicken breast cutlets, 1 1/4 pounds; 1/2 cup sliced almonds; 1/2 cup plain bread crumbs; 1/4 teaspoon grated nutmeg, eyeball it; Salt and pepper; 1/4 cup light extra-virgin olive oil or vegetable oil, 4 turns of the pan; 1 stick cold butter, cut into pieces | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine the scallions, white wine and 2 tablespoons cream in a saucepan over medium heat and reduce to 1/4 cup liquid, 5 to 6 minutes. While the sauce is working, beat egg and set chicken into it. Combine almonds, bread crumbs, nutmeg, salt and pepper, to taste, in a food processor and grind to combine. Cover a plate with plastic wrap to make for easy clean up after breading and pour almond and bread crumb mixture onto it. Remove chicken from the egg and coat in the bread crumb mixture. Preheat oven to 250 degrees F. Heat 3 tablespoons, 3 turns of the pan, oil in a large nonstick skillet over  <END>
INPUT: cornbread, all purpose flour, fine grind cornmeal, baking powder, kosher salt, eggs
OUTPUT: TITLE: Iron-Skillet Cornbread | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/4 cups all-purpose flour; 1 cup fine-grind cornmeal; 1 tablespoon baking powder; 1 1/2 teaspoons kosher salt; 4 large eggs; 1 1/2 cups canned creamed corn (from one 15-ounce can); 1 (4.5-ounce) can mild green chiles, drained, chopped; 1 1/2 ounces mild white cheddar, grated (about 1/2 cup); 1 1/2 ounces Monterey Jack, grated (about 1/2 cup); 3/4 cup unsalted butter (1 1/2 sticks), room temperature; 2/3 cup sugar; Nonstick vegetable oil spray; A 10-inch cast-iron skillet (measured from the rim) | INSTRUCTIONS: Place rack in middle of oven. Set skillet on a rimmed baking sheet, place on rack, and preheat oven to 400°F. Whisk flour, cornmeal, baking powder, and salt in a small bowl to combine. Lightly beat eggs in a medium bowl to blend; whisk in creamed corn, chiles, cheddar, and Monterey Jack. Mix butter and sugar in a large bowl with a wooden spoon just until butter absorbs sugar but butter is still in small pieces. Add egg mixture and mix until just combined. Mix in dry ingredients until barely incorporated. Remove skillet from oven and lightly coat with nonstick spray. Scrape in batter (it should <END>
INPUT: pancakes, citrus, maple syrup, bread flour, cake flour, granulated sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Maple Syrup Roasted Sweet Potato Pancakes with Citrus Brown Sugar Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 (8-ounce) sweet potato, peeled and quartered; 3 ounces maple syrup; 5 ounces bread flour; 5 ounces cake flour; 4 ounces granulated sugar; 2 ounces light brown sugar; 2 teaspoons baking powder; 3/4 teaspoon ground cinnamon; Salt; 1/2 teaspoon ground nutmeg; 1/2 teaspoon ground ginger; 11 ounces whole milk; 4 large eggs, separated; 2 ounces unsalted butter, melted; 1 tablespoon vanilla extract | INSTRUCTIONS: For the pancake batter: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Place the sweet potato pieces and maple syrup into aluminum foil and place in the oven for an hour. When the potato is tender, place the potato pieces and syrup in to a bowl and mash with a fork. In a large bowl, sift together the bread flour, cake flour, granulated sugar, brown sugar, baking powder, cinnamon, 3/4 teaspoon salt, nutmeg, and ground ginger. In a separate bowl, whisk together the milk, egg yolks, melted butter, vanilla extract, and mashed sweet potato, then whisk the milk mixture into the sifted dry ingredients. Whisk wel <END>
INPUT: unsalted butter, onion, garlic, wine, okra
OUTPUT: TITLE: Okra and Tomatoes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1/2 onion, chopped; 1 clove garlic, very finely chopped; 1/2 cup red wine; 1 1/2 pounds okra, stems trimmed, cut into 1/2-inch pieces; 4 tomatoes, chopped; 2 sprigs thyme, leaves chopped; 2 bay leaves; Coarse salt; Freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat the butter in a shallow pan over medium heat. Add the onion and garlic, and cook until pale golden, about 3 minutes. Add red wine, and cook, stirring occasionally, until the wine has reduced by half. Add okra and tomatoes. Add thyme and bay leaves. Season with salt and pepper. Cover and reduce the heat to simmer. Cook, stirring occasionally, until the vegetables are fork tender, about 15 minutes. Remove bay leaves and serve. <END>
INPUT: baklava, phyllo dough, unsweetened coconut, unsalted pistachios, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Coconut and Pistachio Baklava | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: One 1-pound box phyllo dough, thawed if frozen; 1 1/4 cups (2 1/2 sticks) unsalted butter, melted; 2 1/2 cups shredded unsweetened dried coconut; 3/4 cup coarsely chopped unsalted pistachios; 1/2 cup sugar; 1/4 cup water; 1 tablespoon orange flower water; Pinch of salt; 1 3/4 cups sugar; 1 1/2 cups water; Large pinch of salt; 3 tablespoons orange flower water; 3 tablespoons fresh lime juice; 2 tablespoons finely chopped unsalted pistachios | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. Preheat the oven to 350°F. Butter a 13-by-9-by-2-inch baking pan. 2. Unfold the sheets of phyllo dough, lay the stack on a work surface, and cover with wax paper and then a damp kitchen towel to keep it from drying out. Remove 2 pieces of phyllo, place them in the pan, and brush them with 1 tablespoon of the butter. Continue in the same way with the phyllo and butter until you have used 24 sheets of phyllo. 3. To make the filling: Stir together the coconut, pistachios, sugar, water, orange flower water, and salt in a medium bowl. Sprinkle half of the filling evenly over the phyllo in the pa <END>
INPUT: Italian, crisp, bread, rosemary, olive oil, Parmesan cheese, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Crisp Rosemary-Parmesan Garlic Bread | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons (1/4 stick) butter, room temperature; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh rosemary; 6 tablespoons olive oil (preferably extra-virgin); 1 1/4 cups grated Parmesan cheese (about 3 1/2 ounces); 5 large garlic cloves, minced; 1 baguette, halved lengthwise, then crosswise (4 pieces total), each piece diagonally scored 3/4 inch deep at 1 1/2-inch intervals | INSTRUCTIONS: Blend butter and rosemary in processor. Gradually add oil and process until incorporated. Mix in Parmesan cheese. (Can be made 1 day ahead. Cover and refrigerate. Bring to room temperature before continuing.) Mix in garlic.Prepare barbecue (medium-high heat) or preheat oven to 400°F. Spread cheese mixture over cut sides of bread. If grilling, wrap each piece of bread loosely in foil. Grill in foil until bread is crusty and golden, about 8 minutes. If baking, place bread cut side up on baking sheet. Bake until bread is crisp and golden around edges, about 10 minutes. Serve bread warm. Blend but <END>
INPUT: Asian, peanut oil, onion, garlic, ginger, Thai chile
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spicy Plum Chicken Thighs | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons peanut oil; 1 small onion, coarsely chopped; 4 cloves garlic, coarsely chopped; 1 tablespoon fresh ginger, coarsely chopped; 1 Thai chile, coarsely chopped; 1/4 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1/4 teaspoon ground cloves; 1 1/2 pounds red or purple plums, pitted and coarsely chopped; 1/4 cup honey; 1/4 cup soy sauce; 2 tablespoons fresh lime juice; 1 tablespoon granulated sugar; 8 chicken thighs, skin on, bone in; Plum Sauce; Salt and freshly ground pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Plum Sauce: Use side burner or grill. Heat oil in a medium saucepan over medium-high heat. Add onions and garlic and cook until soft. Add ginger, chile pepper, cinnamon and cloves and cook for 2 minutes. Add remaining ingredients and cook until plums are soft and mixture has thickened. Place mixture in a food processor and mix until smooth. Let cool. Preheat grill. Season chicken with salt and pepper to taste. Grill, on 1 side for 5 minutes, or until golden brown. Turn the chicken over, brush with the sauce and continue grilling for 3 to 4 minutes, turn over and brush with sauce. Continue gril <END>
INPUT: Mexican, vegetable oil, carrots, virgin olive oil, cumin seeds, coarse kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Caramelized Cumin-Roasted Carrots | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: Nonstick vegetable oil spray; 12 medium to large carrots, peeled, cut on diagonal into 1/2-inch-thick pieces; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1 1/2 teaspoons cumin seeds; 2 teaspoons coarse kosher salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 400°F. Spray large rimmed baking sheet with nonstick spray. Combine carrots and all remaining ingredients in large bowl; toss to coat. Spread in single layer on prepared baking sheet. Roast carrots until tender and lightly caramelized, turning carrots over once, 35 to 40 minutes. Preheat oven to 400°F. Spray large rimmed baking sheet with nonstick spray. Combine carrots and all remaining ingredients in large bowl; toss to coat. Spread in single layer on prepared baking sheet. Roast carrots until tender and lightly caramelized, turning carrots over once, 35 to 40 minutes. <END>
INPUT: bacon, onions, Brussels sprouts, kale, thyme
OUTPUT: TITLE: Brussels Sprouts with Kale and Apples | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 slices bacon, medium dice; 1/2 cup sliced onions; 1 pound Brussels sprouts, quartered; 2 cups thinly sliced kale; 1 tablespoon chopped thyme; 2 Gala apples, shredded; Salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: In a saute pan set over medium heat, cook the bacon until crispy. Add the onions and cook in the bacon fat until translucent, about 5 minutes. Add the Brussels sprouts and cook for 7 to 10 minutes. Add the kale, thyme and apples and cook for 2 to 3 minutes. Season with salt and pepper, and then serve. <END>
INPUT: crown, roast, kosher salt, apple cider vinegar, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Crown Roast of Pork with Lady Apples and Shallots | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 (8-bone racks) of pork (about 4 lb. each), chine bone removed, fat trimmed to 1/4" thick, rib bones frenched; 1 1/2 cups (packed) light brown sugar; 10 ounces kosher salt (2 cups Diamond Crystal or 1 1/4 cups Morton); 1 cup apple cider vinegar; 12 garlic cloves, finely grated; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh thyme, plus 8 sprigs; 1 tablespoon brown mustard seeds; 1 teaspoon coarsely ground black pepper; 1/4 cup plus 2 tablespoons whole grain Dijon mustard; 4 tablespoons olive oil, divided; 4 ounces bacon, chopped; 12 pounds lady apples, halved; 1 1/2 pounds shallots, peeled, halved lengthwise if large; 3 cups dry hard cider | INSTRUCTIONS: Lay racks of pork flat on work surface, meaty side down (the inside of the ribs should be facing up). Use a knife to make 3 vertical 3"-long slits (about 1" deep) into the loins of each rack, 1 slit between every 2 ribs. Place each rack of pork into a 1-gal. resealable plastic bag and chill. Heat brown sugar, salt, and 4 cups water in a large saucepan over medium, stirring until sugar and salt are dissolved, about 5 minutes. Remove from heat and add vinegar and 4 cups ice water. Chill brine until cold, about 1 hour. Divide brine between bags with pork and seal, squeezing out excess air; chill  <END>
INPUT: Mexican, virgin olive oil, onion, garlic, Kosher salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken and Chorizo Rice | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 1 medium onion, chopped; 2 cloves garlic, minced; 4 skinless, boneless chicken thighs (about 1 1/2 pounds); Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper; 1 1/2 cups sliced dried chorizo (about 7 ounces); 3 tablespoons tomato paste; 2 cups converted rice; 3 tablespoons capers packed in brine; 3 1/2 cups fat-free low-sodium chicken broth; 1 cup frozen peas; Lemon wedges, for serving | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat the olive oil in a large heavy skillet or pot over high heat. Add the onion and garlic and cook, stirring, until the onion is translucent, about 3 minutes. Season the chicken with 1/4 teaspoon each salt and pepper. Add to the skillet along with the chorizo; cook, turning occasionally, until the chicken starts to brown, about 3 minutes. Move the chicken and chorizo to one side of the pan and stir in the tomato paste, rice and capers. Add the broth and bring to a boil. Cook, stirring occasionally, about 8 minutes. Stir in the peas, reduce the heat to medium low, cover and cook until the ric <END>
INPUT: molten, fondant, dark chocolate, unsalted butter, eggs, egg yolks, superfine sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Molten Peanut Butter and Chocolate Fondant Cakes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 7 ounces dark chocolate, chopped; 7 tablespoons unsalted butter, chopped; 2 eggs; 2 egg yolks; 1/2 cup superfine sugar; 1/4 cup all-purpose flour, sifted; 8 tablespoons smooth peanut butter; Cocoa powder, for dusting; Four (1-cup) dariole molds (or other 1-cup baking molds) | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 400°F. Place the chocolate and butter in a saucepan over low heat and stir until the chocolate is melted and smooth. Place the eggs, egg yolks and sugar in a bowl and whisk until well combined. Add the chocolate mixture and flour and whisk until well combined. Spoon two-thirds of the mixture into 4 (1-cup) well-greased dariole molds or other 1-cup baking molds. Spoon 2 tablespoons peanut butter into the center of each mold and spoon the remaining chocolate mixture over. Place the molds on a baking sheet and bake for 16–18 minutes or until puffed. Gently turn out the cakes immed <END>
INPUT: American, chicken, waffle, new potatoes, kosher salt, Dijon mustard, grain mustard, cider vinegar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fried Chicken and Waffle Sandwich with Potato Salad and Collard Slaw | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 pounds small new potatoes; 1 1/2 teaspoons kosher salt, divided; 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard; 1 tablespoon whole-grain mustard; 2 tablespoons cider vinegar; 1 medium shallot, diced; 1/4 teaspoon black pepper; 1/4 cup olive oil; 3/4 cup plain low-fat Greek yogurt; 1 teaspoon lemon zest; 2 tablespoons lemon juice; 1/2 small habanero pepper, seeded and finely diced (about 1/2 teaspoon); 1 large clove garlic, finely grated; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/4 teaspoon black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Make the potato salad: Place the potatoes in a pot of cold water with 1 teaspoon salt. Bring to a boil and simmer, partially covered, until potatoes are tender when pierced with a knife, about 12 to 15 minutes. Drain and let cool. Meanwhile, whisk the remaining 1/2 teaspoon salt, mustards, vinegar, shallot, and pepper in a small bowl. Pour in the olive oil while whisking to emulsify the dressing. Quarter the potatoes and toss with the dressing in a large bowl. Taste and adjust seasoning. Place the potatoes in a pot of cold water with 1 teaspoon salt. Bring to a boil and simmer, partially cover <END>
INPUT: crusted, salmon filet, salmon "glue", potatoes, garlic mashed potatoes, lemon butter sauce
OUTPUT: TITLE: Potato Crusted Salmon | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 ounces salmon filet; 1/4 cup salmon "glue" (recipe follows); 2 cups shredded potatoes; 2 ounces garlic mashed potatoes; 2 ounces lemon butter sauce; 1/4 cup sauteed vegetables; 6 ounces fresh salmon filet; 1/4 teaspoon shallot; 3/4 cup 40 percent heavy whipping cream; 1/2 teaspoon salt; Pinch white pepper; Pinch chopped fresh thyme; 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice; 3 tablespoons white wine; 1/4 teaspoon chopped fresh garlic | INSTRUCTIONS: For the Salmon breading: Place 2 cups shredded potatoes into a shallow pan. Using a rubber spatula spread 1/8 cup of salmon glue evenly onto one side of a 6 ounces salmon filet. Place coated side of salmon filet into shredded potatoes. Repeat process for opposite side. Ensure that salmon is evenly coated in shredded potatoes. For the Lemon butter sauce: In a saute pan add white wine, lemon juice, cream, garlic, turmeric, salt and pepper. Heat on high heat and reduce by 1/2 its original volume. Remove from heat and swirl in diced butter. Plating procedure: Place potato crusted salmon onto gridd <END>
INPUT: Sea salt pepper, leek, garlic, smoked pancetta
OUTPUT: TITLE: Duck Ragù with Creamy Polenta | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 (4 1/2-pound) whole duck, cut into pieces, skin scored; Sea salt and cracked black pepper; 1 leek, white part only, sliced; 4 cloves garlic, sliced; 3 1/2 ounces smoked pancetta, chopped; 10 sprigs thyme; 2 tablespoons tomato paste; 1/3 cup malt vinegar; 1 (14-ounce) can chopped tomatoes; 2 1/2 cups port; Amaranth leaves, to serve; 1 liter milk; 1 cup instant polenta; 1/4 cup (1/2 stick) unsalted butter, chopped; 1/2 cup whipping cream | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat a large heavy-based pot over medium heat. Add the duck, skin-side down, sprinkle with salt and pepper and cook for 7–8 minutes on each side or until browned. Remove from the pot and set aside. Drain the fat, reserving 1 tablespoon in the pot, and discard. Add the leek, garlic, pancetta and thyme to the pot. Cook for 4–5 minutes or until browned. Add the tomato paste and vinegar and stir to combine. Add the tomatoes, port and the duck and bring to a boil. Cover with a tight-fitting lid, reduce the heat to low and cook for 1 hour 30 minutes or until the duck is very tender. Remove the duck  <END>
INPUT: American, triple, egg yolks, sugar, lemonade
OUTPUT: TITLE: Triple Lemon Pie | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 (15-ounce) box unroll and bake pie crusts (recommended: Pillsbury); 1 (4.3-ounce) box lemon pudding mix (recommended: Jell-O cook and serve); 4 egg yolks; 1/4 cup sugar; 3 cups lemonade; 2 teaspoons lemon zest, finely grated; Fresh berries and whipped topping, for serving | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Follow package instructions for unrolling pie crusts. Press the dough into a 9-inch tart pan, cut off any overhang. Prick bottom and side of crust with a fork. Bake on baking sheet in preheated oven for 15 minutes, or until golden. While pie crust is baking, whisk together pudding mix, egg yolks, sugar, lemonade and lemon zest until pudding mix is dissolved. Pour into a medium saucepan and bring to full boil over medium heat, stirring constantly (about 10 minutes). Let cool 5 minutes, stirring occasionally. Pour the filling into coo <END>
INPUT: low sodium chicken, steel oats, prosciutto, virgin olive oil, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Savory Oats with Poached Eggs | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 cups low-sodium chicken broth; 1 cup steel-cut oats; 8 slices prosciutto (one 3-ounce package); 1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil; 4 cloves garlic, minced; 2 teaspoons finely chopped fresh thyme; 1/2 teaspoon finely chopped fresh rosemary; 1 15-ounce can no-salt-added whole peeled tomatoes, crushed by hand (about 2 cups); Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper; 4 large eggs; 1/4 cup grated parmesan cheese | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring the chicken broth to a boil in a medium saucepan. Reduce the heat to medium low, stir in the oats and cook, stirring occasionally, until tender and thickened, about 20 minutes. Meanwhile, cook the prosciutto in a large skillet over medium-high heat, flipping once, until crisp, 4 to 5 minutes. Transfer to a paper towel¿lined plate to drain. Add the olive oil, garlic, 1 teaspoon thyme and the rosemary to the skillet. Reduce the heat to medium and cook until the garlic is lightly toasted, 10 seconds. Stir in the tomatoes and 1/2 cup water. Simmer, stirring occasionally, until the sauce is s <END>
INPUT: soup, chicken, celery, Salt rub inside, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken Soup | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound chicken parts; 2 stalks celery, including leafy tops, cut into 3-inch pieces; 1 whole chicken, thoroughly rinsed; Salt to rub inside chicken; 1 large whole onion, unpeeled (find one with a firm, golden-brown peel); 1 large whole carrot, peeled; 1 medium whole parsnip, peeled; 2 teaspoons salt; 1/4 teaspoon pepper; 1 bunch of dill, cleaned and tied with a string; Note: The Deli's recipe calls for both a whole chicken plus 1 pound of chicken parts. You can, however, use just 1 large chicken and cut off both wing | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. Pour 12 cups of cold water into a large stockpot, and throw in the chicken parts and celery. Bring to a boil. While water is heating, rub the inside of the whole chicken with salt. 2. Add the chicken to the pot, cover, reduce heat, and simmer for 30 minutes. Test chicken with a fork to see if it's tender and fully cooked; then remove it from the pot, and set aside on a large platter. Leave chicken parts in the pot. 3. Add onion, carrot, parsnip, salt, and pepper. Let soup simmer for 1 hour and 15 minutes. 4. When chicken cools, remove skin and bones and cut into bite-sized pieces. You can a <END>
INPUT: tomatoes, Basic Quick Pickle, crème fraîche sour, dill, pumpernickel bread
OUTPUT: TITLE: Smoked Salmon Toast with Pickled Tomatoes and Dill | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound medium green tomatoes (such as Green Zebra), sliced 1/4" thick; 1/2 recipe Basic Quick Pickle Brine , chilled; 1/2 cup crème fraîche or sour cream; 1/4 cup chopped fresh dill, divided; 6 slices pumpernickel bread, toasted; 6 ounces sliced smoked salmon; 1/4 cup thinly sliced red onion; Freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine tomatoes and brine in a resealable container and chill 30 minutes. Meanwhile, combine crème fraîche and 2 Tbsp. dill in a small bowl. Spread each toast with 1 heaping Tbsp. crème fraîche mixture. Top toasts evenly with salmon, onion, pickled tomato slices, and remaining 2 Tbsp. dill. Season with pepper. Combine tomatoes and brine in a resealable container and chill 30 minutes. Meanwhile, combine crème fraîche and 2 Tbsp. dill in a small bowl. Spread each toast with 1 heaping Tbsp. crème fraîche mixture. Top toasts evenly with salmon, onion, pickled tomato slices, and remaining 2 Tbsp.  <END>
INPUT: pudding, brioche bakery challah, half half, heavy cream, salt, vanilla bean
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate Bread Pudding with White Chocolate Sherbet | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 recipe brioche or 1/2 large bakery challah (about 8 ounces bread); 2 cups half-and-half; 2 cups heavy cream; 1 pinch salt; 1 vanilla bean, split lengthwise; 6 ounces semisweet chocolate, chopped; 6 eggs; 1 cup granulated sugar; 1 cup dried cherries; Confectioners' sugar; White chocolate sherbet, recipe follows; 3 ounces white chocolate; 1/4 cup sugar; 1 1/2 cups milk; 3/4 cup water | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Cut the crusts off the bread and cut into 1-inch cubes. You should have about 3 1/2 cups of cubes. Arrange on a baking sheet and toast in the oven until light golden brown, about 10 minutes. Watch carefully to make sure they do not brown too much; set aside to cool. Leave the oven on. In a saucepan, heat the half-and-half, cream, salt, and vanilla bean over medium heat, stirring occasionally to make sure the mixture doesn't burn or stick to the bottom of the pan. When the cream mixture reaches a fast simmer (do not let it boil), turn off the heat. Set aside t <END>
INPUT: American, burgers, mayonnaise, lemon juice, Cajun Creole seasoning, hot pepper sauce, andouille sausage
OUTPUT: TITLE: Andouille and Beef Burgers with Spicy Mayo and Caramelized Onions | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 cup mayonnaise; 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice; 1 teaspoon Cajun or Creole seasoning blend; 1/4 teaspoon hot pepper sauce; 1/2 pound andouille sausage, cut into scant 1/4-inch cubes; 3/4 cup pecans, toasted, chopped; 1 teaspoon salt; 1/4 teaspoon ground black pepper; 1 1/2 pounds ground beef chuck or ground beef (20 percent fat); 1 1/2 pounds onions, thinly sliced; 2 tablespoons olive oil plus more for brushing grill rack; 3 garlic cloves, minced; 1 tablespoon golden brown sugar; 6 large hamburger buns, split; 8 ounces crumbled blue cheese | INSTRUCTIONS: For mayonnaise: Mix all ingredients in small bowl. Cover and chill. Do ahead: Can be made 2 days ahead. Keep chilled. Mix all ingredients in small bowl. Cover and chill. Do ahead: Can be made 2 days ahead. Keep chilled. For burgers: Toss first 4 ingredients in large bowl. Add beef; blend gently. Shape mixture into six 1/2-inch-thick patties. Transfer patties to small baking sheet. Do ahead: Can be made 1 day ahead. Cover and chill. Toss first 4 ingredients in large bowl. Add beef; blend gently. Shape mixture into six 1/2-inch-thick patties. Transfer patties to small baking sheet. Do ahead: Can <END>
INPUT: stew, shelled fava beans, lemons, artichokes, guanciale, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fava Bean, Pea, and Artichoke Stew | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups shelled fresh fava beans (2 1/2 lb in pods) or shelled edamame (fresh soybeans); 2 lemons, halved; 4 large artichokes (3/4 lb each); 2 oz guanciale (smoked pork jowl)* or pancetta, cut into 1/8-inch-thick matchsticks (1/2 cup); 2 cups thinly sliced onion; 5 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 2 cups fresh or frozen peas (not thawed); 2 teaspoons finely chopped fresh oregano; 2 cups water; 1 teaspoon salt; 1/2 teaspoon black pepper; 1/2 teaspoon fresh lemon juice, or to taste | INSTRUCTIONS: Prepare fava beans: Blanch beans in a 2-quart pot of boiling water 1 minute, then drain in a sieve and immediately transfer to a bowl of ice and cold water to stop cooking. Gently peel off skins (it's not necessary to peel edamame, if using). Blanch beans in a 2-quart pot of boiling water 1 minute, then drain in a sieve and immediately transfer to a bowl of ice and cold water to stop cooking. Gently peel off skins (it's not necessary to peel edamame, if using). Prepare artichokes: Fill a large bowl with 4 cups cold water and squeeze juice from 2 lemon halves into bowl. Cut off stem of 1 artich <END>
INPUT: garlic, long soft French, Sea salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fried Catfish Po Boy | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup (1 stick) unsalted butter; 2 garlic cloves, smashed; 2 long soft-crusted French bread baguettes; 6 (6-ounce) catfish fillets; Sea salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 cup milk; 1 large egg; 1 cup yellow corn meal; 1/2 cup all-purpose flour; Pinch cayenne; Sliced pickles; 1 recipe Spicy Slaw, recipe follows; Hot sauce, for serving; Lemon wedges, for serving; Canola oil, for frying | INSTRUCTIONS: Pour about 3 inches of oil in a deep fryer or large, heavy pot and heat to 375 degrees F. Preheat the oven to 250 degrees F. Melt the butter in a small saucepan over medium-low heat. Add the smashed garlic and swirl the pot around to infuse the garlic flavor into the butter. Slice the French bread in 1/2 lengthwise and brush the top and insides with the garlic butter. Stick the bread in the oven for 5 minutes to warm it through. Season both sides of the catfish fillets with a fair amount of salt and pepper. In a wide bowl, mix the milk and egg together, season with salt and pepper. Mix the cor <END>
INPUT: citrus, coarse kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Corn with Citrus Butter | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 teaspoons (packed) finely grated orange peel; 1 teaspoon (packed) finely grated lemon peel; 1 teaspoon (packed) finely grated lime peel; 1 teaspoon coarse kosher salt; 1/2 cup (1 stick) unsalted butter, room temperature; Nonstick vegetable oil spray; 6 ears of corn, husked | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine first 4 ingredients in small bowl; mash to combine. Mix in butter. Preheat barbecue (medium heat). Spray corn with nonstick spray. Grill until browned in spots, turning often, about 15 minutes. Serve with citrus butter. Combine first 4 ingredients in small bowl; mash to combine. Mix in butter. Preheat barbecue (medium heat). Spray corn with nonstick spray. Grill until browned in spots, turning often, about 15 minutes. Serve with citrus butter. <END>
INPUT: fruit, haroseth, unsalted natural pistachios, dates, cherries cranberries, apricots, sweet passover wine
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pistachio and Dried-Fruit Haroseth | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cups unsalted natural pistachios; 1/2 cup chopped pitted dates; 1/2 cup chopped dried cherries or dried cranberries; 1/2 cup chopped dried apricots; 1/4 cup sweet passover wine; 1/4 cup pure pomegranate juice; 1 tablespoon honey; 1 1/2 teaspoons fresh lemon juice; 1 teaspoon finely grated orange peel; 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1/4 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg; Fresh mint sprigs (for garnish) | INSTRUCTIONS: Stir pistachios in heavy medium skillet over medium heat until lightly toasted and fragrant, 4 to 5 minutes. Set aside to cool. Combine dates, cherries, apricots, wine, and juice in medium bowl. Let stand 15 minutes, stirring occasionally. Mix in honey, lemon juice, orange peel, and spices. Chop pistachios; mix into haroseth. DO AHEAD: Can be made 1 day ahead. Cover and chill. Garnish haroseth with mint sprigs. Stir pistachios in heavy medium skillet over medium heat until lightly toasted and fragrant, 4 to 5 minutes. Set aside to cool. Combine dates, cherries, apricots, wine, and juice in med <END>
INPUT: chicken breast halves, Salt pepper, shallots, grape cherry tomatoes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken with Roasted Shallots, Tomatoes and White Beans | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Cooking spray; 6 boneless skinless chicken breast halves (about 5 ounces each); Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 4 to 6 shallots, cut into 1-inch pieces; 2 cups grape or cherry tomatoes, halved; Olive oil; 1 (15-ounce) can white beans, drained; 1 1/4 cups reduced-sodium chicken broth, divided; 1 teaspoon dried thyme; 1 teaspoon dried oregano; 2 tablespoons freshly chopped parsley leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. Coat a shallow roasting pan with cooking spray. Season both sides of chicken with salt and black pepper and place in prepared pan. Arrange shallots and tomatoes around chicken (or on a second baking sheet that's been coated with cooking spray). Toss with olive oil and season with salt and black pepper. Roast 30 minutes, until chicken is golden brown and cooked through and vegetables are tender. Set aside 2 chicken breast halves for primavera. In a large skillet, combine beans, roasted shallots and tomatoes, 1 cup of the broth, thyme, and oregano. Set pan over med <END>
INPUT: Mexican, salad, onion, garlic, Kosher salt, Juice limes, chili powder
OUTPUT: TITLE: Shrimp Salad with Mango and Lime | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 small red onion; 1 small clove garlic; Kosher salt; Juice of 2 limes; 1/2 teaspoon chili powder; 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 1 1/4 pounds cooked medium shrimp, peeled; 1 ripe mango, peeled, pitted and diced; 1 14-ounce can black beans, rinsed and drained; 1 head romaine lettuce or 3 romaine hearts, torn into bite-size pieces; Large handful fresh cilantro leaves, chopped; 1 cup mixed cherry tomatoes | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. Thinly slice the onion and soak in cold water while you prepare the rest of the salad. 2. Smashed the garlic and sprinkle with a pinch of salt, and, with the flat side of a large knife, mash and smear the mixture to a coarse paste. Transfer to a large serving bowl. Add the lime juice, 2 teaspoons salt, and chili powder. Gradually whisk in the olive oil, starting with a few drops and then adding the rest in a steady stream to make a dressing. Toss the shrimp in the dressing. 3. Add the mango, beans, lettuce, and cilantro to the bowl. Drain and dry the onion, and scatter over the salad. Gentl <END>
INPUT: Mexican, quesadillas, Hass avocado, garlic, lemon, Kosher salt pepper, bacon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Bacon, Jack and Jalapeno Quesadillas | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 Hass avocado, seeded and peeled; 1 small garlic clove, minced; 1/2 lemon, juiced; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 5 slices bacon; 1 large onion, chopped; 1 garlic clove, minced; 1 or 2 medium jalapeno peppers, stemmed, seeded and finely chopped; 1/4 teaspoon ground cumin; 1/4 teaspoon ground coriander; 4 large flour tortillas; 1 pound jack cheese, grated; 1/2 cup sour cream; Cilantro, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Mash the avocado with the garlic, lemon juice and salt and pepper, to taste. Reserve covered in the refrigerator. Preheat oven to 375 degrees F. Cook the bacon in a medium saute pan until browned and crisp and transfer to a paper towel lined plate to drain. Crumble and reserve. Pour off and reserve all the bacon fat. Saute the onion, garlic, and jalapeno seasoned with the cumin, coriander and salt and pepper, to taste, in a couple tablespoons bacon grease. On 2 tortillas sprinkle half of the grated cheese. Then layer equal amounts of the onion mixture, crumbled bacon, and the remaining grated  <END>
INPUT: Asian, ambrosia, mirin, reduced sodium soy, ginger, coriander
OUTPUT: TITLE: Ambrosia Sauce | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups (packed) light brown sugar; 2 cups mirin (sweet Japanese rice wine); 2 cups reduced-sodium soy sauce; 1 cup chopped peeled fresh ginger (about one 4x1" piece); 2 tablespoons ground coriander; 1/4 teaspoon whole black peppercorns; **Special equipment:**Four clean 8-ounce jars; Ingredient info: Mirin is available at Japanese markets and in the Asian foods section of some supermarkets | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring sugar and 2 cups water to a boil in a medium heavy saucepan over medium-high heat, stirring until sugar dissolves. Boil for 2 minutes. Reduce heat to medium; add mirin and next 4 ingredients. Simmer, stirring often, until sauce thickens slightly and has reduced to about 4 cups, 60-70 minutes. Strain sauce through a fine-mesh sieve into a large heatproof pitcher. Divide among jars. Let cool. Screw on lids and chill. DO AHEAD: Ambrosia sauce can be made 2 months ahead. Keep refrigerated. Bring sugar and 2 cups water to a boil in a medium heavy saucepan over medium-high heat, stirring until <END>
INPUT: Italian, crunchy, virgin olive oil, buttermilk, chicken tenders, garlic, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Crunchy Parmesan Chicken Tenders | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 4 tablespoons plus 1/2 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 1 cup buttermilk; 1 1/2 pounds chicken tenders (about 18); 3 large garlic cloves, minced; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 3 tablespoons balsamic vinegar; Freshly ground black pepper; 1 1/4 cups freshly grated Parmesan; 3/4 cup Italian-style seasoned bread crumbs | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the oven to 500 degrees F. Brush 1 tablespoon of oil over each of 2 heavy large lined baking sheets. Place the buttermilk in a large bowl. Add the chicken tenders and stir to coat. Let stand at least 15 minutes and up to 30 minutes. Meanwhile, mash the garlic with the salt in a medium bowl. Whisk in the vinegar and then the remaining 1/2 cup of oil. Season the vinaigrette, to taste, with pepper. Transfer the vinaigrette to a small serving bowl. Stir the Parmesan and bread crumbs in a pie dish. Remove the chicken tenders from the buttermilk and dredge them <END>
INPUT: cake, bittersweet chocolate, unsalted butter, eggs, sugar, all purpose flour
OUTPUT: TITLE: Bitter Chocolate Soufflé Cake | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 1/2 ounces extra-bittersweet chocolate, chopped; 1/2 cup plus 6 tablespoons unsalted butter; 5 large eggs, separated; 1/4 cup plus 3 tablespoons sugar; 1 tablespoon all-purpose flour; Unsweetened cocoa power, for garnish; SPECIAL EQUIPMENT: Eight 6-ounce aluminum tins | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. Preheat the oven to 400 degrees. Bring a pan of water barely to a simmer. Place the chocolate and butter in a double boiler or metal mixing bowl and place over the pan of hot but not simmering water. Heat, stirring occasionally, until the mixture has melted but is not too hot. Stir until smooth. 2. In a mixing bowl, whisk the egg yolks and 1/4 cup of sugar together until thickened slightly and lighter in color. Whisk in the flour and then the chocolate mixture. 3. Place the egg whites in a metal bowl and place over hot water until warmed slightly. Add 1 tablespoon of sugar and whip with an  <END>
INPUT: Italian, lemon, skin, Kosher salt pepper, olive oil, oregano
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Chicken Thighs With Lemon and Oregano | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 lemon; 4 large or 8 small skin-on, boneless chicken thighs; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 3 teaspoons olive oil, divided; 3 sprigs oregano; 1 tablespoon minced shallot; 1/2 garlic clove, minced; 1/8 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes; 1/4 cup dry white wine (such as Sauvignon Blanc); 1/2 cup low-sodium chicken broth | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 425°F. Very thinly slice half of lemon; discard any seeds. Cut remaining lemon half into 2 wedges. Season chicken thighs with salt and pepper. Coat a large room-temperature skillet with 1 teaspoon oil. Add chicken, skin side down. Place skillet over medium heat and cook, letting skin render and brown, and pouring off excess fat to maintain a thin coating in pan, until chicken is cooked halfway through, about 10 minutes. Scatter half of lemon slices over chicken and half on bottom of skillet (the slices on top of the chicken will soften; those in the skillet will caramelize). Tr <END>
INPUT: curly kale, good olive oil, Kosher salt pepper, Fleur de sel
OUTPUT: TITLE: Crispy Roasted Kale | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 bunches curly kale (about 2 1/2 pounds); 1/4 cup good olive oil; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; Fleur de sel | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Arrange 3 oven racks evenly spaced in the oven. Lay each kale leaf on a board and, with a small sharp knife, cut out the hard stem. Tear large leaves in half. Place the kale in a large bowl of water and wash it well. Drain the kale and dry it in a salad spinner. Dry the bowl, and put the kale back in the bowl. Toss the kale with the olive oil, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, and 1/2 teaspoon pepper. Divide the kale among 3 sheet pans or roast them in batches. If you put too much kale on one pan, it will steam rather than roast and will never become crisp. Roast for 1 <END>
INPUT: American, onions, vinaigrette, Worcestershire sauce, Dijon mustard, thyme leaves, Salt pepper, pure olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Steak and Vidalia Onions with Mustard-Worcestershire Vinaigrette | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce; 2 teaspoons Dijon mustard; 1 teaspoon finely chopped fresh thyme leaves; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1/4 cup pure olive oil; 4 New York strip steaks, about 12 ounces each; Canola oil; 1 large Vidalia onion, peeled, and cut crosswise into 1/4-inch thick slices | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Whisk together the Worcestershire sauce, mustard, thyme and salt and pepper, to taste, in a medium bowl until combined. Slowly whisk in the olive oil until emulsified. Let sit at room temperature while you prepare the steak and onions. Remove the steaks from the refrigerator 20 minutes before grilling. Heat the grill pan over high heat until it begins to smoke. Pat the steaks dry with paper towels. Brush both sides of the steaks with canola oil and season well with salt and pepper. Arrange the steaks on the grill pan and let cook until golden brown and charred, a <END>
INPUT: Indian, chutney, peach, golden raisins, serrano jalapeno chili, shallot
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fresh Peach Chutney | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 1 firm-ripe peach; 1/4 cup golden raisins, chopped fine; 1 fresh serrano or jalapeno chili, seeded and chopped fine; 1 tablespoon finely chopped, peeled fresh gingerroot; 1 1/2 teaspoons finely chopped shallot; 1/4 teaspoon ground cumin; 1 tablespoon sugar; 1 tablespoon fresh orange juice; 1 teaspoon fresh lemon juice | INSTRUCTIONS: Halve and pit peach and cut into 1/8-inch dice (about 1 1/4 cups). In a bowl combine peach, raisins, chili, gingerroot, shallot, and cumin. Chill chutney, covered, at least one hour and up to 2 hours. About 1 hour before serving, stir in remaining ingredients and salt and pepper to taste. Serve chutney at room temperature. <END>
INPUT: streusel, rolled oats, all purpose flour, sugar, cinnamon, strip bacon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Baked Apples with Bacon Streusel and Maple Cream | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup rolled oats; 3 tablespoons all-purpose flour; 2 tablespoons sugar; 1/4 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1 strip bacon, chopped; 1 tablespoon unsalted butter; 2 Macintosh apples, cored and halved; 1/3 cup heavy cream; 2 tablespoons pure maple syrup; Fresh mint leaves, for garnish (optional) | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Put the oats, flour, sugar, cinnamon and bacon in a food processor and pulse until the bacon is finely chopped and the ingredients are well combined. Add the butter and pulse until incorporated and the topping starts to clump together. Mound clumps of the streusel on the cut-side of the apples and place in a small baking dish. Add about 1/2 inch water to the dish, and then bake until the apples are tender and the topping is golden brown and crisp, about 45 minutes (loosely cover with foil if the topping is getting too brown before the apples are cooked). Whis <END>
INPUT: Indian, lamb, sauce, grapeseed oil, garlic, ginger, onion, garam masala
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lamb with Mango Sauce | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons grapeseed oil; 1 tablespoon minced garlic; 1 tablespoon minced ginger; 1 small onion, finely chopped; 1 tablespoon garam masala; 1 teaspoon ground coriander; 1 teaspoon ground cumin; 1 teaspoon turmeric; 1/4 teaspoon cayenne pepper; 1 can mango puree; A pinch of salt; A pinch of pepper; Grapeseed oil, for oiling the pan; 2 tablespoons crushed fenugreek leaves; 1 tablespoon coriander seeds, crushed with hands | INSTRUCTIONS: For the curried mango sauce: Pour the oil into a medium-size saucepan over medium heat and, when it gets hot, add the garlic, ginger and onions. Cook until the onions are very soft and beginning to caramelize, 3 to 5 minutes. Add the garam masala, coriander, cumin, turmeric and cayenne pepper and stir as the spices toast and become aromatic, about 1 minute. Add the mango puree and stir well to combine. Season with salt and pepper and then let simmer for about 15 minutes. Keep warm. For the crusted lamb rack: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Oil a baking pan. Mix the fenugreek, coriander, gar <END>
INPUT: American, blueberry, blueberries, sugar, all purpose flour, lemon zest, lemon juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fresh Blueberry Pie | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 4 cups fresh blueberries, washed and dried; 1/2 cup sugar, plus extra for sprinkling; 1/2 cup all-purpose flour; 1 teaspoon grated lemon zest; 1/4 cup freshly squeezed lemon juice; 1 tablespoon cassis liqueur; 2 Perfect Pie Crusts, recipe follows; 1 egg beaten with 1 tablespoon milk or cream, for egg wash; 12 tablespoons (1 1/2 sticks) very cold unsalted butter; 3 cups all-purpose flour; 1 tablespoon sugar; 1 teaspoon kosher salt; 1/3 cup very cold vegetable shortening, such as Crisco; 1/2 cup ice water | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Line a sheet pan with parchment paper. Mix the blueberries, the 1/2 cup of sugar, the flour, lemon zest, lemon juice, and cassis in a large bowl. Carefully ease one pie crust into a 9-inch pie plate, making sure not to stretch the dough at all, or it will shrink as the pie bakes. With a sharp knife, cut the excess dough off at the edge of the pie plate. Spoon the blueberry mixture into the pie shell, scraping the bowl with a rubber spatula to be sure you have all the juices. Brush the edge of the crust with the egg wash. Carefully lay the second crust on top, <END>
INPUT: haricots, verts, portobello mushrooms, garlic, virgin olive oil, balsamic vinegar, Salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sweet Santa Barbara Shrimp with Roasted Portobello Mushroom and Haricots Verts Salad with Heirloom T | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 to 4 portobello mushrooms, cleaned and stemmed; 1 finely diced garlic clove, plus 1 smashed; 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 1/4 cup balsamic vinegar, plus 1 3/4 cups; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 small sweet onion; 1 bunch peppercress, leaves picked and stems discarded (red chard or baby arugula can be substituted.); 1/8 pound baby lettuces; 12 medium Santa Barbara shrimp, (Tiger shrimp can be substituted); Olive oil; 1 1/2 ounces Banyuls vinegar; 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard; 1 tablespoon lemon juice; 1/2 cup grapeseed oil; 1 ounce canola oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Chill 4 salad plates. Preheat the oven to 250 degrees F. In a medium sized bowl add the mushrooms, diced garlic, 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil, 1/4 cup balsamic vinegar, salt and pepper, mix all ingredients together until mushrooms are well coated. Place mushrooms, bottoms down, on a sheet pan, and roast in the oven for 45 minutes or until sweet, juicy, and tender. Remove from oven and dice. Meanwhile, Reduce the remaining 1 3/4 cups balsamic vinegar to a sweet glaze over low heat in a small saucepan. Cut the sweet onions in quarters, then slice the onion into very thin julienne. Make sure yo <END>
INPUT: curls, carrot, water, sugar, sharp vegetable peeler, by bakeware liner
OUTPUT: TITLE: Candied Carrot Curls | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 large carrot (preferably fat) or 2 medium; 1 cup water; 1 cup sugar; Equipment: a sharp vegetable peeler; a 16- by 11-inch nonstick bakeware liner such as Silpat; 16- by 11-inch nonstick bakeware liner such as Silpat | INSTRUCTIONS: Peel layers from carrot lengthwise on one side with peeler until you begin to get wide slices. Peel wide strips, reserving them, until you get about 15 (there will be a few extra). Bring water and sugar to a boil in a small heavy saucepan, stirring until sugar has dissolved. Add wide carrot strips and simmer, uncovered, 15 minutes. Strain through a sieve into a bowl, discarding syrup. Let stand 15 minutes. Preheat oven to 225°F with rack in middle. Line a large baking sheet with nonstick liner, then arrange candied carrot slices flat in 1 layer on sheet. Bake until dry but still flexible, abou <END>
INPUT: Asian, tempura, all purpose flour, cornstarch, baking soda, baking powder, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tofu and Pepper Tempura | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup all-purpose flour; 1/2 cup cornstarch; 1 teaspoon baking soda; 1 teaspoon baking powder; 1 teaspoon sugar; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1 egg; 1 teaspoon yellow food coloring; 2/3 cup iced water; 6 cups grape seed oil, for frying; 1 cup large diced red onion; 1 cup large diced red pepper; 1 cup large diced green pepper; 1 cup small mushroom caps; 2 cups diced tofu | INSTRUCTIONS: Sift all the dry ingredients together in a large bowl. Beat the egg and food coloring, if using, together in another bowl. Once incorporated, add the cold water. Gradually, add the wet ingredients to the dry ingredients and mix thoroughly to remove any lumps. Set aside. While the batter is resting, preheat the grape seed oil in a deep heavy skillet, over medium heat, to around 350 degrees F. Make sure, for safety, that the oil only comes 3/4 of the way up the pan. Alternate the vegetables and tofu on the skewers to form a colorful stick of vegetables. In a large shallow dish and the flour and  <END>
INPUT: Italian, sauce, hard shelled clams, fennel seeds, olive oil, scallions, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Linguine with Clams in Spicy Pernod Sauce | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 24 small hard-shelled clams such as littleneck or Manila, well scrubbed; 1 teaspoon fennel seeds, coarsely crushed; 3 tablespoons olive oil; 2 scallions, finely chopped; 1 tablespoon minced garlic; 2 large plum tomatoes, seeded and chopped; 1/2 cup dry white wine; 1/4 cup water; 2 tablespoons Pernod; 1/4 to 1/2 teaspoon dried hot red pepper flakes; 12 oz dried linguine; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1/4 cup chopped fresh flat-leaf parsley | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat a deep 12-inch heavy skillet (not nonstick) over high heat until a bead of water dropped on cooking surface evaporates immediately. Add clams and fennel seeds, then cover skillet and cook, shaking skillet, until clam shells are lightly browned, 1 to 2 minutes. Add oil and toss to coat clams. Stir in scallions, garlic, and tomatoes, then sauté, stirring, until tomatoes begin to soften, 2 to 3 minutes. Add wine, water, Pernod, and red pepper flakes and bring to a boil. Cover and steam clams, shaking skillet occasionally, until they open, 7 to 10 minutes. (Discard any unopened ones.) While c <END>
INPUT: mousse, heavy cream, superfine sugar, pumpkin pie spice, vanilla extract
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pumpkin Mousse | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 (15-ounce) can pumpkin; 3 cups heavy cream; 3/4 cup superfine sugar; 1/2 teaspoon pumpkin pie spice; 1 tablespoon vanilla extract; Ginger snaps, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine pumpkin, 1 cup cream, sugar and spice in a medium saucepan. Simmer over medium heat for 5 minutes. Cool fully. Whip remaining heavy cream and vanilla to soft peaks and fold into cooled pumpkin mixture. Pour into a serving dish and crumble the ginger snaps over top before serving. <END>
INPUT: soup, garlic, virgin olive oil, onion, leek, celery
OUTPUT: TITLE: Poached Garlic Soup | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups garlic cloves; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1 cup diced onion (1/4-inch dice); 1 cup finely chopped leek, white part only; 1/2 cup diced celery (1/4-inch dice); 1 bay leaf; 1 tablespoon grey salt; 1 cup diced, peeled, russet potatoes; Freshly ground pepper; 4 to 5 cups chicken stock or canned low salt chicken broth; 1 tablespoon coarsely chopped fresh oregano leaves; 4 cups roughly chopped spinach leaves; 1 cup heavy cream | INSTRUCTIONS: Peel the garlic cloves, cut in half lengthwise, and remove the central greenish core. Put in a small pan of salted water and bring to a boil. Drain and repeat twice to remove the garlic's heat and leave only the sweetness behind. Heat the olive oil in a large, heavy pot over medium heat until hot. Add the onion, leek, celery, bay leaf, and a little salt to draw the water out of the onion. Cover and cook until the vegetables are soft but not brown, about 10 minutes. Add the potatoes. Add the blanched garlic and stock. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Bring to a boil over high heat, reduce <END>
INPUT: American, cupcakes, icing, unsalted butter, sugar, eggs, pure vanilla extract, pure almond extract
OUTPUT: TITLE: Coconut Cupcakes With Cream Cheese Icing | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 pound unsalted butter, at room temperature; 2 cups sugar; 5 extra-large eggs, at room temperature; 1 1/2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract; 1 1/2 teaspoons pure almond extract; 3 cups all-purpose flour; 1 teaspoon baking powder; 1/2 teaspoon baking soda; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1 cup buttermilk; 14 ounces sweetened, shredded coconut; 1 pound cream cheese, at room temperature; 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract; 1/2 teaspoon pure almond extract; 1 1/2 pounds confectioners' sugar, sifted | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. In the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with a paddle attachment, cream the butter and sugar until light and fluffy, about 5 minutes. With the mixer running on low, add the eggs one at a time, scraping down the bowl after each addition. Add the vanilla and almond extracts and mix well. In a separate bowl, sift together the flour, baking powder, baking soda and salt. In three parts, alternately add the dry ingredients and the buttermilk to the batter, beginning and ending with the dry. Mix until just combined. Fold in 7 ounces coconut. Line a muffin pan with p <END>
INPUT: triangles, eggs, water, crumbled feta cheese
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spinach Triangles | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 package (17.3 ounces) Pepperidge Farm® Puff Pastry Sheets, thawed; 3 eggs; 1 tablespoon water; 1/2 cup crumbled feta cheese; 1 package (about 10 ounces) frozen chopped spinach, thawed and well drained; 1 medium onion, finely chopped (about 1/2 cup); 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat the oven to 400 degrees F. Beat 1 egg and water in a small bowl with a fork or whisk. Stir the remaining eggs, cheese, spinach, onion and parsley in a medium bowl. Unfold 1 pastry sheet on a lightly floured surface. Roll the pastry sheet into a 12-inch square. Cut into 16 (3-inch) squares. Repeat with the remaining pastry sheet, making 32 in all. Place 1 tablespoon spinach mixture in the center of each square. Brush the edges of the pastry with the egg mixture. Fold the pastry over the filling to form triangles. Crimp the edges with a fork to seal. Place the filled pastries onto baking sh <END>
INPUT: Asian, roast, glaze, pure maple syrup, soy sauce, rice vinegar, hot pepper sauce, Sherry
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roast Chicken with Maple-Soy Glaze | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup pure maple syrup; 1 tablespoon soy sauce; 1 tablespoon rice vinegar; 1/2 teaspoon hot pepper sauce; 3/4 cup dry Sherry; 1 4 1/2-pound chicken, fat and giblets removed, rinsed and patted dry; 2 tablespoons (1/4 stick) butter, room temperature; 1/2 orange, cut into 4 pieces; 2 1/2-inch slices fresh ginger, smashed; 2 garlic cloves, smashed | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 375°F. Whisk maple syrup, soy sauce, rice vinegar, and hot pepper sauce in small bowl for glaze. Simmer Sherry in small saucepan until reduced to 1/2 cup, about 3 minutes. Run hands under chicken skin to loosen; rub most of butter under skin over breast and thighs. Rub remaining butter over outside of chicken. Sprinkle cavity with salt and pepper. Place chicken in roasting pan. Squeeze some juice from each orange piece over chicken. Stuff cavity with orange pieces, ginger, and garlic. Tuck wing tips under. Pour Sherry over chicken. Roast chicken 20 minutes. Add 1/4 cup water to <END>
INPUT: Indian, salad, lentils, garlic, salt, tomatoes, scallions
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lentil Salad with Tomato and Dill | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup dried lentils (preferably small French lentils); 1 large garlic clove, chopped; 1 teaspoon salt, or to taste; 3/4 lb tomatoes, diced (2 cups); 4 large scallions, thinly sliced (3/4 cup); 1/4 cup chopped fresh dill; 1/4 cup thinly sliced fresh basil; 3 tablespoons red-wine vinegar, or to taste; 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 1/4 teaspoon black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring 4 cups water to a boil in a 2-quart heavy saucepan with lentils, garlic, and 1/2 teaspoon salt, then reduce heat and simmer, uncovered, until lentils are just tender, 15 to 25 minutes. Drain in a large sieve, then transfer to a large bowl. Toss hot lentils with tomatoes, scallions, dill, basil, vinegar, oil, pepper, and remaining 1/2 teaspoon salt, or to taste. Bring 4 cups water to a boil in a 2-quart heavy saucepan with lentils, garlic, and 1/2 teaspoon salt, then reduce heat and simmer, uncovered, until lentils are just tender, 15 to 25 minutes. Drain in a large sieve, then transfer t <END>
INPUT: Mexican, wave, Ice, slice jalapeno, lime juice, lemon juice, tequila blanco
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spicy Agave Wave | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: Ice; 1 slice jalapeno, seeded 1 by 1/4-inch piece; 1-ounce fresh lime juice; 1/2-ounce fresh lemon juice; 1 1/2 ounces tequila blanco (100 percent blue agave); 3/4-ounce agave nectar; 1/2 celery stick, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Fill a glass or cocktail shaker with some ice. Add jalapeno, lime and lemon juices and muddle. Add more ice and the tequila and agave nectar. Shake and pour into a tall glass with ice. Garnish with celery stick. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, aromatic, noodles, spinach linguine wheat, natural creamy peanut
OUTPUT: TITLE: Aromatic Noodles With Lime Peanut Sauce | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 pound spinach linguine or whole-wheat spaghetti; 2 cups (about 9 ounces) broccoli florets; 2 cups (about 6 ounces) snow peas, trimmed; 2 cups (about 6 ounces) sugar snap peas, trimmed; 1/2 cup natural creamy peanut butter; 1/4 cup low-sodium soy sauce; 1/4 cup water; 2 tablespoons rice vinegar; 2 tablespoons fresh lime juice; 1 scallion, cut into pieces; 3/4 inch fresh ginger, finely grated; 2 tablespoons brown sugar; 1/4 teaspoon red pepper flakes; 1/2 cup shelled unsalted peanuts | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Cook the pasta in a large pot of water according to the directions on the package. Drain and rinse with cold water. While the pasta is cooking put the broccoli in a steamer basket over a large pot of boiling water and steam it for 3 minutes. Add the snow peas and sugar snap peas and steam for 2 minutes more. Toast the peanuts in a dry pan over a medium heat until they become fragrant, about 3 minutes. Set them aside to cool. Make the sauce by pureeing the peanut butter, soy sauce, water, vinegar, lime juice, scallion, ginger, sugar and red pepper flakes in a food <END>
INPUT: Italian, olive oil, chicken breast halves, leeks, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Linguine with Chicken, Leeks and Tomatoes | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons olive oil; 4 boneless skinless chicken breast halves; 1/4 cup (1/2 stick) butter; 3 large leeks (white and pale green parts only), thinly sliced or 1 large onion, chopped; 4 garlic cloves, minced; 1 28-ounce can Italian plum tomatoes, drained, chopped; 2 tablespoons dry vermouth; 1 pound linguine, freshly cooked; 1 cup grated Parmesan; 1/4 cup chopped fresh basil (optional) | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat oil in heavy large skillet over medium-high heat. Season chicken with salt and pepper. Add to skillet and sauté until just cooked through, about 3 minutes per side. Cool slightly. Thinly slice chicken crosswise and set aside. Melt butter in same skillet over medium-low heat. Add leeks and garlic and sauté until leeks are very tender, about 10 minutes. Stir in tomatoes, vermouth and chicken. Cook until mixture is just heated through, about 2 minutes. Season generously with salt and pepper. Combine chicken mixture, linguine and 1/2 cup Parmesan in large bowl; toss well. Sprinkle with basil  <END>
INPUT: brown, vegetable oil, sugar, kosher salt, egg
OUTPUT: TITLE: Brown Butter Apple Tart | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Nonstick vegetable oil spray; 1 cup (2 sticks) plus 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, room temperature; 1 cup sugar; 1/4 teaspoon kosher salt; 1 large egg, beaten to blend; 2 tablespoons heavy cream; 2 teaspoons vanilla extract; 3 1/2 cups unbleached all-purpose flour; 4 large eggs; 1 cup sugar; 1 cup (2 sticks) unsalted butter; 1 vanilla bean, split lengthwise; 1/2 cup all-purpose flour; 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt; 3 firm, tart apples (such as Pink Lady or Braeburn), peeled, cored, cut crosswise into 1/4"-thick rings | INSTRUCTIONS: For crust: Coat tart pan with nonstick spray. Using an electric mixer or stand mixer fitted with a paddle, mix butter, sugar, and salt until pale and creamy, about 2 minutes. Add egg, cream, and vanilla. Mix until smooth. Add flour all at once and beat until dough almost comes together. Turn dough out onto a work surface. Knead until dough just comes together, 4-5 times. Divide dough in half; form each half into a smooth ball. Flatten into disks and wrap each disk tightly in plastic. Chill 1 disk overnight; freeze second disk for another use. Roll out chilled dough disk between two sheets of p <END>
INPUT: canola oil, baking mix, cornmeal, garlic powder, cayenne pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Corn Dogs with Sweet Mustard | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 cups canola oil, for frying; 1 cup baking mix; 1 cup cornmeal; 1 teaspoon garlic powder; 1/4 teaspoon cayenne pepper; 1 large egg; 3/4 cup milk; 1/2 cup spicy brown mustard; 1/4 cup apricot preserves; 8 hot dogs; 1/4 cup all-purpose flour, for dusting; Special equipment: chopsticks; In a deep heavy pot or a deep fryer, add the oil and heat to 350 degrees F | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large bowl, whisk together the baking mix, cornmeal, garlic powder, and cayenne. In another bowl, whisk together the egg and milk. Pour the wet ingredients into the dry ingredients and whisk until blended. In a small bowl, stir together the mustard and preserves. When you are ready to fry, insert a chopstick into the end of each hot dog and push about halfway into the meat. (Reserve 2 hot dogs for the Online Round 2 Recipe Cheesy Hot Dog Scramble.) Dust each hotdog with flour, dip into the batter, and carefully lower it into the hot oil. Fry 2 or 3 at a time until golden brown, 3 to 5 min <END>
INPUT: Mexican, paella, olive oil, bell pepper, each thyme basil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spanish Chicken and Mussel Paella | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1 cup (1 medium) yellow onion, minced; 1 red or green bell pepper, cored, seeded and cut into strips; 1 (15 to 16-ounce) can diced tomatoes; 1 teaspoon each of dried thyme and basil, crumbled; 1 teaspoon cumin seed; 1 bay leaf; 1 tablespoon minced garlic; 2 1/2 to 3-pound chicken, cut into 10 serving pieces or 6 chicken legs, separated into drumsticks and thighs; Salt and pepper; 1/2 pound (about 3 links) Chorizo or Spanish sausage, cut crosswise into slices, or smoked ham, diced; 4 to 4 1/2 cups chicken broth; 1/4 teaspoon ground saffron or tumeric; 3 cups long-grain rice; 1 pound mussels, scrubbed well, beards removed and rinsed | INSTRUCTIONS: Make the sofrito: In a skillet heat 2 tablespoons olive oil. Add the onion and pepper, and cook until softened, about 2 minutes. Add tomatoes, thyme, basil, cumin seed, bay leaf and garlic. Season with salt and pepper. Cook the mixture for 5 to 7 minutes, or until almost all the liquid has evaporated. Set aside. Pat dry the chicken and season it with salt and pepper. In a large deep ovenproof skillet heat the oil over moderately high heat until it is hot. Add the chicken to the skillet, cook it for 7 to 10 minutes on each side, or until it is browned and transfer it to a plate. Add the sausage <END>
INPUT: spread, smoked trout fillets, shallot, dill, lemon juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Smoked-Trout Spread | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 lb smoked trout fillets, skin discarded and any silver skin scraped off; 2 sticks (1 cup) unsalted butter, softened; 1/3 cup finely chopped shallot; 1/4 cup finely chopped fresh dill; 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice; 1/2 teaspoon hot sauce such as Tabasco; 1/4 teaspoon black pepper; 1 cup cold water; Accompaniment: whole-grain crackers | INSTRUCTIONS: Flake trout and transfer 2 cups to a food processor, then blend with butter, shallot, dill, lemon juice, hot sauce, and pepper until smooth. Reserve remaining trout. With motor running, add water to trout purée in a slow stream and process until water is absorbed, about 1 minute. Transfer to a bowl and fold in reserved trout, then pack mixture into a 4-cup glass or ceramic mold or bowl. Cover surface with wax paper, then tightly cover with plastic wrap and chill at least 6 hours to allow flavors to develop. Bring spread to room temperature before serving. (This will take 1 to 2 hours.) Flake t <END>
INPUT: sauce, three, perch, Grapeseed oil, fermented beans, garlic, ginger
OUTPUT: TITLE: Steamed Perch with Spicy Black Bean Sauce and Three Onion-Bratwurst Noodle Cake | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 perch (bluegill), scaled, gutted and scored; Grapeseed oil, to cook; 1 tablespoon fermented black beans, rinsed and chopped; 1 tablespoon minced garlic; 1 tablespoon minced ginger; 2 shallots, minced; 1 tablespoon sambal; 1/2 cup white wine; 1 cup 1/4 inch dice tomatoes; 1 yellow bell pepper, 1/4 inch dice; 1 cup 1/4 inch dice jicama; 2 cups fish stock (or chicken stock); 2 tablespoons 1/4 inch thick strips basil; 1 to 2 tablespoons butter; Salt and black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Set up a steamer lined with lettuce or cabbage leaves. Pat dry the fish inside and out. Season inside and out. Place in steamer and steam for 8 to 10 minutes until done. In a saute pan, coated lightly with oil, saute the black beans, garlic, ginger, and shallots until soft. Add sambal and deglaze with wine. Reduce by 1/2. Add tomatoes, bell peppers, jicama, stock, and basil. Whisk in butter. Taste for seasoning. Lay fish on top of noodle cake and dress with sauce. Garnish with scallions. In a large nonstick saute pan on high heat, coated with oil, add the scallions and onions. Season and cook  <END>
INPUT: pavlova, egg whites, sugar, cherries, Zest juice lemon
OUTPUT: TITLE: White Chocolate Pavlova | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 large egg whites; 1 cup/250ml sugar; 3 cups/750ml fresh ground cherries; 1/2 cup/125ml sugar; Zest and juice of 1 lemon; Zest and juice of 1 orange; 2 cups/500ml 35-percent cream; 4 egg yolks; 1/4 cup/60ml sugar; 2 cups/500ml chopped white chocolate | INSTRUCTIONS: Position an oven rack in the center of the oven and preheat to 170 degrees F (80 degrees C). Line a baking sheet with parchment paper. For the meringues: Beat the egg whites with an electric mixer fitted with the whisk attachment on medium-high speed until they hold soft peaks. Start adding the sugar, 1 tablespoon at a time, and continue to beat until the meringue holds very stiff peaks. Test to see if the sugar is fully dissolved by rubbing a little of the meringue between your thumb and index finger. The meringue should feel smooth, not gritty. If it feels gritty the sugar has not fully diss <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, salad, low sodium chicken, kosher salt, virgin olive oil, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fried Couscous Salad | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups low-sodium chicken broth; 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt; 1 (10-ounce) box (1 1/4 cups) couscous (recommended: Near East); 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 2 cloves garlic, peeled and crushed; 4 ounces ricotta salata cheese, cut into 1/2-inch pieces; 1 small or 1/2 large cucumber, peeled, seeded, and cut into 1/2-inch pieces; 1/4 cup sun-dried tomatoes, chopped; 1/4 cup grated Parmesan; 1/4 cup chopped fresh basil leaves; 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil; Zest and juice from 1/2 large lemon; 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt; 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: For the couscous: In a medium saucepan, bring the chicken broth and salt to a boil over medium-high heat. Remove the pan from the heat and stir in the couscous. Cover until the liquid had been absorbed and the couscous is tender, 5 to 6 minutes. Using a fork, fluff the couscous and break up any lumps. In a large, nonstick skillet heat 1/4 cup oil over medium heat. Add the garlic and cook until golden, 1 to 2 minutes. Remove the garlic and discard. Increase the heat to high and add the couscous. Cook, stirring constantly, for 6 minutes. Continue to cook the couscous, stirring every 5 minutes, u <END>
INPUT: Mexican, garlic, cannellini, lemon juice, olive oil, cumin
OUTPUT: TITLE: White Bean Dip with Chips and Sticks | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 3 garlic cloves; 3 15-ounce cans cannellini (white kidney beans), rinsed, drained; 1/4 cup fresh lemon juice; 1/2 cup olive oil; 2 1/4 teaspoons ground cumin; 1 1/2 teaspoons chili powder; Salt and freshly ground pepper; 3 tablespoons minced fresh cilantro; Additional minced fresh cilantro; Fresh vegetables (such as carrot sticks, celery sticks and cauliflower); Tortilla chips | INSTRUCTIONS: Finely chop garlic in processor. Add beans and lemon juice and puree. Mix in oil, cumin and chili powder. Season with salt and pepper. Add 3 tablespoons cilantro and mix in using on/off turns. Transfer to large bowl. (Can be prepared 1 day ahead. Cover and refrigerate.) Sprinkle dip with cilantro. Serve with vegetables and chips. Finely chop garlic in processor. Add beans and lemon juice and puree. Mix in oil, cumin and chili powder. Season with salt and pepper. Add 3 tablespoons cilantro and mix in using on/off turns. Transfer to large bowl. (Can be prepared 1 day ahead. Cover and refrigerate <END>
INPUT: cherry, mexicana, rice, salt, chili powder, semisweet chocolate chips
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cherry Almond Rice Mexicana | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 (15-ounce) can pitted cherries; 2 cups instant brown rice; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 2 teaspoons chili powder; 2 tablespoons semisweet chocolate chips; 1/4 cup chopped almonds, toasted | INSTRUCTIONS: Drain canned cherries, reserving juice. Coarsely chop enough cherries for 1/2 cup and set aside. Save remaining cherries for another use. In a medium saucepan, add reserved cherry juice (approximately 2/3 cup) plus enough water to equal 2 cups. Bring to a boil over medium-high heat. Stir in remaining ingredients, except chopped almonds. Cover and reduce heat to a simmer for 10 minutes. Remove from heat and stir in toasted chopped almonds. Serve. <END>
INPUT: Asian, syrup, water, sugar, mint leaves, mangoes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mango with Ginger-Mint Syrup | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup water; 1/2 cup sugar; 1 (2-inch) piece fresh ginger, thinly sliced; 1/4 cup packed fresh mint leaves; 2 ripe mangoes, peeled, pitted, and thinly sliced; Ginger or vanilla ice cream, or vanilla yogurt, for serving | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring water and sugar to a boil in a saucepan and cook until sugar is melted, stirring occasionally. Add the ginger and cook for 1 minute. Remove from the heat, stir in the mint and steep for 5 minutes. Place the mango in a bowl, strain the syrup mixture over the mango, cover, and let chill in the refrigerator for 30 minutes. Serve over ice cream or topped with vanilla yogurt. <END>
INPUT: American, peppadews, goat cheese, fromage blanc quark, scallions, parsley
OUTPUT: TITLE: Goat Cheese-Stuffed Peppadews | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 jar (14 ounces) Peppadew Mild Whole Sweet Piquante Peppers or Italian cherry peppers, pickled or brined (found in pickle aisle); 4 ounces goat cheese; 1/3 cup fromage blanc or quark cheese, drained in a strainer for at least 1 hour; 2 tablespoons finely chopped scallions; 1/4 cup finely chopped fresh parsley, divided | INSTRUCTIONS: Drain Peppadews upside down on a rack. If necessary, and taking care not to slice peppers open, pare bottoms so they sit flat. In a food processor, blend cheeses, scallions and 2 tablespoons parsley. In a bowl, season cheese mixture with salt and black pepper. Fill a pastry bag (or resealable bag with a corner snipped) with cheese mixture; chill 1 hour. Pipe cheese evenly into each pepper. Sprinkle tops with remaining 2 tablespoons parsley. DO AHEAD: You can prep the cheese filling 24 hours in advance and store it in the bag in the fridge; remove it 1/2 hour before needed. Stuffed peppers can  <END>
INPUT: loaf sourdough bread, butter, cremini mushrooms, Salt pepper, celery leaves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sourdough Bread Stuffing | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1-pound loaf sourdough bread; 8 tablespoons butter; 10 ounces cremini mushrooms, sliced 1/2-inch thick in both directions; Salt and freshly ground pepper; 2 to 4 stalks celery with leaves, halved lengthwise and sliced; 1 medium onion, chopped; About 10 sprigs fresh thyme, leaves stripped from the stems; 10 to 12 fresh sage leaves, chopped; 3 1/2 cups low-sodium chicken broth; 3 tablespoons chopped Italian parsley leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Grease a 2-quart baking dish and set aside. Cut or tear the bread into 1-inch cubes and spread it evenly on 2 baking sheets. Toast the bread in the oven until completely dry and beginning to crisp and brown, about 20 minutes. Transfer to a large mixing bowl. Melt 2 tablespoons of the butter in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Add the mushrooms and a few pinches of salt and saute, stirring occasionally, until golden brown, about 6 to 8 minutes. Add celery, onion, 2 tablespoons butter, and thyme. Once the butter has melted,  <END>
INPUT: bundles, carrots, balsamic vinegar, virgin olive oil, salt, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Prosciutto and Carrot Bundles | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 carrots, shredded, about 1/2 cup; 1 tablespoon balsamic vinegar; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; Pinch salt; Pinch freshly ground black pepper; 4 slices prosciutto; 4 whole fresh basil leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. In a medium bowl, toss together the carrots, vinegar, olive oil, salt, and pepper. Lay out the 4 slices of prosciutto. Top each with 1/4 of the carrot mixture. Place a basil leaf on top of each and roll the prosciutto up and around the basil and carrots. Secure the bundles with toothpicks and serve. <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, chips, beets, olive oil, Sea salt, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Olive Oil-Baked Beet Chips With Sea Salt And Black Pepper | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 2 pounds large beets, peeled; 2 tablespoons olive oil; Sea salt; Freshly cracked black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350°. Line several baking sheets with parchment paper. Using a mandoline, thinly slice beets to a thickness of 1/16". In a large bowl, toss beet slices with oil to coat evenly. On prepared baking sheets, in a single layer, arrange as many slices as will fit without crowding. Bake until crisp, 25-30 minutes, rotating pans once halfway through baking. Cool chips and blot with paper towels to remove any excess oil. Repeat, using a cool prepared baking sheet for each batch, until all beet slices are baked. Toss chips with 1/4 teaspoon salt and pepper to taste. Preheat oven to 350°. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, citrus, English style beef, Kosher salt, vegetable oil, onions, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Citrus and Chile Braised Short Ribs | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 8 5–6" English-style bone-in beef short ribs (about 6 pounds); Kosher salt, freshly ground pepper; 2 tablespoons vegetable oil; 2 medium onions, chopped; 2 heads of garlic, halved crosswise; 4 celery stalks, chopped; 2 medium carrots, peeled, chopped; 2 tablespoons tomato paste; 1 teaspoon coriander seeds; 1 teaspoon cumin seeds; 7 chiles de árbol, divided, or 1 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes; 4 sprigs oregano; 4 wide strips orange zest, plus some thin strips for serving; 1 cup plus 2 tablespoons fresh orange juice; 2 limes, halved | INSTRUCTIONS: Season short ribs with salt and pepper. Place on a rimmed baking sheet and chill, uncovered, at least 2 hours (ribs are even better if you can do this a day ahead). Preheat oven to 325°. Heat oil in a large heavy pot over medium. Working in batches, cook short ribs until evenly browned, about 5 minutes on each side. Transfer to a platter; pour off pan drippings between batches. Wipe out any burned bits from pot, but leave the golden-brown pieces (doing this will keep the finished sauce from tasting bitter). Place onions, garlic, celery, carrots, tomato paste, coriander seeds, cumin seeds, and  <END>
INPUT: breasts, chicken breast skin, Saga, ham, Worcestershire sauce, lemon juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Chicken Breasts Stuffed with Ham and Saga Blue | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 whole boneless chicken breast with skin (about 1 pound), halved; 2 sticks of Saga Blue (each 2 by 1/2 by 1/2-inch); 2 thin slices of cooked ham (each 4 by 4 inches); 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce; 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, cut into pieces | INSTRUCTIONS: Insert a sharp knife into the thicker end of each chicken breast half and cut a lengthwise pocket carefully, making it as wide as possible without puncturing the sides. Wrap each stick of Saga Blue in a ham slice, enclosing it, insert the packages in the chicken pockets, and seal each opening well with a wooden pick. In a small saucepan bring the Worcestershire sauce and the lemon juice just to a simmer, remove the pan from the heat, and swirl in the butter. Grill the chicken, seasoned with salt and pepper, on an oiled rack set about 6 inches over glowing coals, basting it frequently with the  <END>
INPUT: soup, low sodium chicken, cream, Salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cream of Asparagus Soup | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 (8-ounce) packages frozen asparagus spears, thawed; 4 cups low-sodium chicken stock; 1 (10.5-ounce) can white sauce; 3/4 cup cream; Salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Trim tips off of thawed asparagus spears; set aside. Chop asparagus stalks and place in medium saucepan. Add chicken stock and bring to a boil over medium-high heat. Reduce heat and simmer for 8 minutes. *Transfer asparagus and stock to a blender and puree until smooth. Work in batches, if necessary. (TIP: To avoid spilling, cover blender with dish towel and pulse.) Set mesh strainer over saucepan and pour asparagus puree into it, if desired, or return puree to saucepan. Add white sauce and whisk until smooth. Bring to a simmer over medium-high heat. Reduce heat to low and add cream and reserv <END>
INPUT: Italian, salad, bundles broccolini, cavatappi, shallot, garlic, virgin olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pasta Salad with Ricotta Salata and Broccolini | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 2 bundles broccolini; 1/2 pound cavatappi (twists) pasta, cooked to al dente; 1 shallot, chopped; 3 cloves garlic, chopped; 1/3 cup extra-virgin olive oil, a couple of glugs; 1/3 to 1/2 pound wedge ricotta salata; 6 sprigs fresh thyme, about 2 tablespoons of leaves stripped from stems; Coarse salt and pepper; 1/2 pint grape tomatoes, halved | INSTRUCTIONS: Trim and discard the bottom 1/2-inch from the broccolini. Then cut the broccolini into 1-inch pieces. Steam broccolini covered in small skillet in 1/2 inch boiling water for 3 minutes, cold shock, and drain. Combine broccolini and pasta in a bowl. Return pan to stove over low heat and saute shallots and garlic in oil 2 minutes. Pour warm oil over pasta and broccolini. Crumble ricotta salata over pasta. Sprinkle the pasta with thyme, salt, and pepper, and toss to combine. Adjust seasonings and garnish salad with halved grape tomatoes. <END>
INPUT: macaroons, coconut, condensed milk, pure vanilla extract, egg whites at, kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Coconut Macaroons | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 14 ounces sweetened shredded coconut; 14 ounces sweetened condensed milk; 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract; 2 extra-large egg whites at room temperature; 1/4 teaspoon kosher salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Combine the coconut, condensed milk, and vanilla in a large bowl. Whip the egg whites and salt on high speed in the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the whisk attachment until they make medium-firm peaks. Carefully fold the egg whites into the coconut mixture. Drop the batter onto sheet pans lined with parchment paper using either a 1 3/4-inch diameter ice cream scoop, or 2 teaspoons. Bake for 25 to 30 minutes, until golden brown. Cool and serve. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, salad, garlic, Maldon another flaky, cumin seeds, coriander seeds, crumbled pequin chilies
OUTPUT: TITLE: Carrot, Avocado, and Orange Salad | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 4 medium garlic cloves, smashed and peeled; Maldon or another flaky sea salt; 1 1/2 teaspoons cumin seeds, toasted and ground; 1 1/2 teaspoons coriander seeds, toasted and ground; 1 to 1 1/2 teaspoons crumbled dried pequin chilies or red pepper flakes; 1/4 cup plus 2 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil; 30 or so similarly sized (each about the size of your pointer finger) young carrots, not peeled, 1/2 inch of the green tops left on; 3 tennis-ball-sized oranges; 3 ripe Hass avocados, chilled; 2 tablespoons freshly squeezed lemon juice; A handful of small, delicate cilantro sprigs | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 400°F. Pound the garlic with a healthy pinch of salt in a mortar until you have a wet, fairly smooth paste. (You can also do this on a cutting board, chopping and mashing and chopping and mashing until you're satisfied.) Put the paste in a large mixing bowl. Add the cumin, coriander, chilies, and 1/4 cup of the olive oil and stir well, then add the carrots and toss well so they're coated with the oil and spices. Sprinkle on 3 healthy pinches of salt, crushing the grains with your fingers as you add them, and toss again. Put the carrots in a large shallow baking dish in one  <END>
INPUT: juice, carrots, oranges, chia seeds
OUTPUT: TITLE: Carrot-Orange Juice | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 medium carrots, peeled; 2 medium oranges, peel and pith removed; 1 tablespoon chia seeds, optional | INSTRUCTIONS: Juice the carrots, then the oranges, following your juicer's specific settings for each. Stir in the chia seeds if using and let soak for 5 minutes. Serve the juice immediately over ice, if desired. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, sweet potatoes, pure maple syrup, lime juice, celery juice, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Corvina Traditional | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1/3 pound peeled sweet potatoes, cut into 1/4-inch dice; 3/4 cup pure maple syrup; 1/2 cup freshly squeezed lime juice; 1/4 cup fresh celery juice; 1 tablespoon salt; 2 teaspoons aji amarillo paste (see Note); 1 pound skinless corvina fillet, blood line removed and cut into 1/2-inch dice; 1/4 cup very finely diced celery; 3 tablespoons finely diced red onion; 3 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro; 1/4 cup whole cilantro leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: To make the candied sweet potatoes, put the sweet potatoes, syrup, and 3/4 cup water in a small saucepan and bring to a boil over medium-high heat. Reduce the heat to maintain a gentle simmer and cook until the potatoes are soft but still hold their shape, about 15 minutes. Drain the potatoes, reserving the syrup, and let cool. Once the potatoes are at room temperature, put them back in the cooled syrup to store in the refrigerator until ready to use. Drain the potatoes well before using. You should have about 2 cups. In a nonreactive bowl, whisk together the marinade ingredients until well co <END>
INPUT: sauce, olive oil, scallions, garlic, Salt pepper, Roma tomatoes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Quick Sauteed Shrimp in Tomato Garlic Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons olive oil; 3 scallions, finely chopped; 3 cloves garlic, sliced into thin slivers; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 4 Roma tomatoes, seeded and chopped; 1/4 cup clam juice; 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 1/2 teaspoon sugar, optional; 16 colossal shrimp, shelled and deveined with tail on (about 1 1/4 pounds) | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large saute pan over medium heat, add the olive oil, scallions, garlic, a nice pinch of salt and a few grinds of black pepper. Cook until the greens of the scallions are wilted and darkened with the oil and the garlic is tender and slightly golden, about 4 minutes. Add the tomatoes, season with salt and cook while stirring until the tomatoes are softened, about 2 minutes. Add the clam juice and lemon juice, bring to a light simmer and stir. Taste, and if the tomatoes and lemon juice are too tart, add sugar and stir. Sprinkle the shrimp with salt and pepper and add to the pan. Cook on 1 si <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, sashimi, Fleur de sel, pepper, chives, virgin olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: New-style Sashimi Salmon with Extra-virgin Olive Oil | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 4 (2-ounce) salmon fillets; Fleur de sel, or regular sea salt; Coarsely ground black pepper; 2 tablespoons chopped chives; 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 1/2 tablespoon finely julienned fresh ginger | INSTRUCTIONS: Wrap each piece of salmon loosely in plastic film. Place on a work surface and using a meat pounder or mallet, pound the fish gently to about 1/8-inch thickness. Unwrap the salmon and transfer each flattened fillet to a serving plate. Season the fish lightly with salt and pepper and sprinkle with the chives. In a small skillet over high heat, heat the olive oil until very hot, about 5 minutes. Stir in the ginger, remove from the stove, and immediately spoon a bit of the oil over 1 portion of the fish. The fish should sizzle when the oil hits it; if not, return the skillet to the stove, reheat  <END>
INPUT: Indian, blinis, urad dal, water cover dal, Coarse salt, peanut oil, sevruga caviar other
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sevruga Caviar with Dal Blinis | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup urad dal, well washed all drained; Cold water to cover dal; Coarse salt, to taste; 3 tablespoons peanut oil (approximately); 6 ounces sevruga caviar or other fine caviar or other fine quality caviar; 18 small chive points | INSTRUCTIONS: Put the urad dal in a deep bowl with cold water to cover dal by about 3 inches. Using the palms of your hands, rub the dal to split them apart. Allow them to soak for at least 8 hours. Drain well, reserving about half of the soaking water. Place the dal and half of the water into a food processor fitted with the metal blade. Process until very thick and smooth, adding additional soaking water as necessary. Add salt. Pour 1 tablespoon of the oil in a nonstick griddle over medium heat, tilting the pan so the oil covers the entire bottom. When hot, pour spoonfuls of dal butter onto the griddle to <END>
INPUT: American, tony, butter, eggs, sugar, flour, vanilla extract
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tony's Chocolate Pecan Pie | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons butter, melted; 3 eggs, beaten; 3/4 cup brown sugar; 2 tablespoons flour; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; 3/4 cup dark corn syrup; 3 tablespoons bourbon liquor; 1 1/2 cups pecan halves; 1/2 cup mini milk chocolate morsels; One 9-inch unbaked pie shell; Homemade Whipped Cream, recipe follows; 1 cup heavy cream; 4 tablespoons confectioners' sugar; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Melt butter in a small saucepan. While butter is melting, add beaten eggs to a medium sized bowl. Stir in brown sugar, flour, vanilla extract, corn syrup and bourbon until combined. Add butter when just melted. Mix in the pecans and chocolate morsels. Mix all together. Pour mixture into pie shell. Place on a sheet tray and bake for 50 to 60 minutes. When ready to serve top with a dollop of Whipped Cream. Pour heavy cream into a bowl and whip with an electric mixer for a few minutes, until it becomes thick. Add confectioners' sugar a <END>
INPUT: soused, fruit, Port Madeira, plain milk yogurt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Port Soused Fruit with Yogurt | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup (packed) each - dried apricots and pitted prunes; 1/4 cup Port or Madeira; 2 whole cloves; 1/2 cup plain whole milk yogurt | INSTRUCTIONS: Place fruit in small saucepan with Port and cloves. Slowy bring liquid to a boil, reduce heat and simmer for about 2 minutes just until fruit is tender. Remove saucepan from heat and cool fruit to room temperature. remove cloves. Spoon fruit into dessert bowl and top with yogurt. <END>
INPUT: Italian, black, risotto, olive oil, onion, garlic, arborio rice, wine
OUTPUT: TITLE: Black Squid Ink Risotto with Grilled Prawns, Lobster and Green Onion Vinaigrette | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons olive oil; 1 large onion, finely chopped; 3 cloves garlic, finely chopped; 2 cups arborio rice; 1 cup dry white wine; 6 cups shrimp stock, clam stock or vegetable stock; 2 tablespoons squid ink; 1/2 pound squid, cut into 1/4-inch rings; 1/4 cup finely chopped flat leaf parsley; Salt and freshly ground pepper; 8 prawns, shelled, deveined, head on; Olive oil; Salt and pepper; 8 scallions; 1/2 large white onion, cut into chunks | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat olive oil in medium saucepan over medium-high heat. Add onions and garlic and saute until soft. Add the rice and mix to coat with the oil and cook for 2 minutes. Raise the heat to high, add the wine and cook until all the liquid has evaporated. Place the stock and the squid ink in a large saucepan over high heat and stir to combine. Begin adding the hot squid stock 1 1/2 cups at a time and cook until the liquid is absorbed. Continue until the stock is gone and the rice is al dente. Add the squid and cook for 2 to 3 minutes. Stir in the parsley and season with salt and pepper to taste. Pre <END>
INPUT: smashed, boiling potatoes, peas, unsalted butter, milk, scallion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Smashed Potatoes and Peas | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 ounces red boiling potatoes (about 4 small or 2 medium); 1/3 cup frozen peas; 1 tablespoon unsalted butter; 1/4 cup milk; 1 scallion, chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: Generously cover potatoes with cold water in a small saucepan. Add 1/2 teaspoon salt. Simmer, covered, until just beginning to get tender, about 8 minutes. Add peas and simmer, partially covered, until potatoes are tender, about 5 minutes. Drain, then return to pan. Add butter, milk, and 1/8 teaspoon each of salt and pepper. Let stand off heat 1 minute, then add scallion. Coarsely mash. Generously cover potatoes with cold water in a small saucepan. Add 1/2 teaspoon salt. Simmer, covered, until just beginning to get tender, about 8 minutes. Add peas and simmer, partially covered, until potatoes <END>
INPUT: Mexican, salsa, jicama, pineapple, niblet corn, bell pepper, habanero chile
OUTPUT: TITLE: Corn, Jicama and Pineapple Salsa | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cups finely chopped jicama; 1 cup finely chopped fresh pineapple; 1 cup niblet corn; 1/2 cup diced green or red bell pepper; 1 habanero chile, finely chopped; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro; 1 garlic clove, minced | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine the jicama, pineapple, corn, bell peppper, habanero chile, cilantro, and garlic in a blender or food processor container. Process in 2 batches, using a few stop-and-start motions, for a relish-like consistency. Cover and chill for at least 1 hour to allow flavors to blend. <END>
INPUT: Asian, chicken thighs, dark soy sauce, sugar, sesame oil, scallions
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken and Chinese Sausage Rice Hot Pot | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 3 chicken thighs, boned, 1/2-inch dice, with the skin; 1 tablespoon dark soy sauce; 1/2 tablespoon sugar; 1/2 tablespoon sesame oil; 1/2 cup sliced scallions; 1/2 tablespoon cornstarch; 1 tablespoon minced ginger; 1 lapchang (Chinese sausage), 1/4-inch disks; 3 cups Chinese long grain rice, washed until water is clear, drained; 1 teaspoon salt; 1 tablespoon peanut oil; 6 cups chicken stock | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine the chicken, soy, sugar, sesame oil, scallions, cornstarch, ginger and sausage and let marinate refrigerated for at least 15 minutes. In a clay pot (or saucepan), combine the rice, salt and oil. On high heat, saute briefly then add the stock to Fuji (1 1/4 inches above the rice). Bring to a boil then reduce to medium heat and simmer until the stock has evaporated to the level of the rice. Add the chicken mixture, cover and cook in a preheated 350 degree F oven for 12 to 15 minutes. Stir well, cover, turn heat on high for only 1 minute then reduce heat to very low. Cook for an additiona <END>
INPUT: bacon, beans, bell pepper, low salt chicken
OUTPUT: TITLE: Green Beans with Bacon and Red Bell Pepper | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 bacon slices, coarsely chopped; 1 pound green beans, trimmed, cut in half; 1 large red bell pepper, cut lengthwise into thin strips; 1/2 cup canned low-salt chicken broth | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook bacon in heavy large skillet over medium-high heat until brown and crisp. Using slotted spoon, transfer bacon to paper towel and drain. Pour off all but 2 tablespoons drippings from skillet. Add green beans and bell pepper to skillet. Toss vegetables over medium-high heat until coated with drippings, about 1 minute. Add broth. Cover and cook until vegetables are crisp-tender, about 5 minutes. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Transfer to serving bowl. Sprinkle with bacon and serve. Cook bacon in heavy large skillet over medium-high heat until brown and crisp. Using slotted spoon, tran <END>
INPUT: Asian, soba, shelled edamame, garlic, piece ginger, Sriracha
OUTPUT: TITLE: Asian Noodles with Shrimp and Edamame | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 10 ounces soba (buckwheat) noodles; 1 10-ounce package frozen shelled edamame; 1 clove garlic; 1 1-inch piece ginger, peeled and roughly chopped; 1 1/2 teaspoons Sriracha (Asian chile sauce); 2 tablespoons vegetable oil; Juice of 1 lime or lemon; 2 teaspoons low-sodium soy sauce; 1 1/2 teaspoons sesame oil, plus more for drizzling (optional); 1/2 pound medium or large shrimp, peeled and deveined; Kosher salt; 1/4 cup chopped fresh cilantro and/or scallions | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring a pot of water to a boil. Add the noodles and cook as the label directs, adding the edamame during the last 3 minutes of cooking. Reserve 1/2 cup cooking water, then drain the noodles and edamame. Meanwhile, puree the garlic, ginger, Sriracha, 1/2 tablespoon vegetable oil and 2 tablespoons water in a blender. Mix the lime juice, soy sauce and sesame oil in a small bowl. Heat the remaining 1 1/2 tablespoons vegetable oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Pat the shrimp dry and season with salt; add to the pan and cook, turning, until just pink, 2 minutes. Add the Sriracha mixture  <END>
INPUT: unsalted butter, olive oil, rosemary, Coarse sea salt, Two filet mignon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Easy Pan Steaks | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1 tablespoon olive oil; 2 sprigs fresh rosemary; Coarse sea salt and freshly ground black pepper; Two 8-ounce filet mignon steaks | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat your oven to 450 F. Heat the butter and olive oil in an oven-safe skillet over medium-high heat. Add in the sprigs of rosemary as your pan is heating. Salt and pepper the meat to your liking (I recommend a generous pinch of each, which is a THREE-finger pinch.) When the butter has melted and the oil is heated, add your steaks to the pan to get a nice golden-brown sear on them. This should take about 2 minutes on each side. Then place your pan in the oven until the steaks are cooked to your preference, 7 to 9 minutes. (Eight minutes makes a perfect medium, my favorite!) Allow the meat t <END>
INPUT: Asian, Two by kombu, bonito flakes, vegetable oil, shrimp, scallions
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Shrimp, Corn and Bacon Ramen | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: Two 6-by-7-inch pieces kombu (dried kelp; about 3/4 ounce), rinsed; 1 1/2 ounces bonito flakes; 1 tablespoon vegetable oil; 12 ounces large shrimp (16/20), peeled and deveined, sliced in half lengthwise, shells reserved; 4 scallions, greens thinly sliced, whites left whole; 8 dried shiitake mushrooms (about 3/4 ounce); 1 tablespoon mirin; 2 teaspoons seafood seasoning, such as Old Bay; 15 ounces fresh ramen noodles (you could use dry in a pinch); 4 ounces thick-cut bacon, cut into 1/2-inch strips; 2 ears corn, kernels removed or 1 cup frozen corn, thawed; Kosher salt; Freshly ground black pepper; Shredded nori, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: For the dashi: Combine the kombu with 6 cups cold water in a medium pot and slowly bring to a simmer over medium heat, about 10 minutes; do not boil or the kombu will turn bitter. Just as the water reaches a simmer, remove and discard the kombu and add the bonito flakes. Heat to just shy of a boil, remove from the heat and set aside to steep for a few minutes. Strain into a bowl and discard the bonito flakes. For the ramen broth: Wipe out the pot, add the oil and set over medium-high heat. Add the reserved shrimp shells and scallion whites. Cook, stirring, until the shells are brown all over,  <END>
INPUT: Mexican, david, mistakin, applewood smoked bacon, graham cracker crumbs, light sugar, unsalted butter, egg yolks
OUTPUT: TITLE: David's No Mistakin' Bacon Key Lime Pie | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound applewood-smoked bacon; 1 1/4 cups graham cracker crumbs from about 10 (2 1/4-inch by 4 3/4-inch) crackers; 1/4 cup packed light brown sugar; 7 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted; 4 egg yolks; 1 (14-ounce) can sweetened condensed milk; 1/2 cup fresh or bottled Key lime juice; 3 tablespoons graham cracker crumbs from about 2 (2 1/4-inch by 4 3/4-inch) crackers; 1 cup heavy cream; 1/2 cup pure maple syrup; Zest of 2 Key limes; Special equipment: 9-inch pie plate, nonstick vegetable-oil spray | INSTRUCTIONS: Make the bacon and graham cracker crust: Spray a 9-inch pie plate liberally with nonstick vegetable-oil spray. In a large heavy skillet over moderate heat, cook the bacon, turning occasionally, until crisp. Transfer the bacon to a paper towel–lined plate to drain, reserving the fat in the skillet. Strain the bacon fat through a fine-mesh sieve, measure 4 tablespoons for the filling, and discard the rest. Finely chop the bacon. Reserve 3 tablespoons of bacon for the garnish and place the rest in a medium bowl. Add the graham cracker crumbs and brown sugar and stir to combine. Drizzle with melte <END>
INPUT: Italian, ties, broccoli florets, Kosher salt, farfalle, peas, unsalted butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Broccoli with Bow Ties and Peas | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 8 cups broccoli florets (4 heads); Kosher salt; 1/2 pound farfalle (bow tie) pasta; 1 1/2 cups frozen peas, thawed; 4 tablespoons unsalted butter; 2 tablespoons good olive oil; 1 tablespoon minced garlic; 2 lemons, zested using a strip zester; 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; Juice of 2 lemons; 1 cup freshly grated Parmesan cheese; 1/4 cup toasted pignoli (pine) nuts | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Cook the broccoli for 3 minutes in a large pot of boiling salted water. Remove the broccoli from the water with a slotted spoon or sieve. Place in a large bowl and set aside. In the same water, cook the bow-tie pasta according to the package directions, about 12 minutes. Drain well and add to the broccoli with the peas. In a small saute pan, heat the butter and oil and cook the garlic and lemon zest over medium-low heat for 1 minute. Add 1 1/2 teaspoons salt, the pepper, and the lemon juice and pour the mixture over the vegetables and pasta. Toss well. Sprinkle w <END>
INPUT: Tuscan kale, virgin olive oil, pancetta, thyme, Turkish California bay
OUTPUT: TITLE: Braised Tuscan Kale with Pancetta and Caramelized Onions | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 1/4 pound Tuscan kale (3 bunches; also called cavolo nero, lacinato kale, or dinosaur kale), stems and center ribs discarded; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1/2 pound pancetta, cut into 1/4-inch dice (1 3/4 cups); 2 fresh thyme sprigs; 1 Turkish or 1/2 California bay leaf; 2 fresh flat-leaf parsley sprigs; 2 large onions, finely chopped; 1 whole head of garlic, halved horizontally; 3/4 stick (6 tablespoons) unsalted butter, cut into pieces; 3 to 4 cups unsalted chicken stock; Special equipment: parchment paper; kitchen string | INSTRUCTIONS: Put oven rack in middle position and preheat oven to 350°F. Cut out a round of parchment paper to fit just inside a 5- to 6-quart heavy ovenproof pot, then set round aside. Blanch kale in a 6- to 8-quart pot of boiling salted water in 2 batches, 2 minutes per batch, transferring with tongs to a colander as blanched, then drain well. Warm oil in 5- to 6-quart pot over moderate heat, then add pancetta and cook, stirring frequently, until crisp, 10 to 15 minutes. Transfer pancetta with a slotted spoon to a plate and reserve, discarding all but 1/4 cup of fat in pot (if necessary). Tie thyme, bay  <END>
INPUT: Italian, sauce, garlic, onion, olive oil, tomatoes, wine
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spinach Ricotta Gnocchi with Tomato Sauce | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 garlic clove, minced; 1/3 cup finely chopped onion; 1 tablespoon olive oil; a 14- to 16-ounce can whole tomatoes, drained, reserving juice, and chopped; 1/4 cup dry red wine; a 10-ounce package frozen chopped spinach; 1 cup whole-milk ricotta; 2/3 cup freshly grated Parmesan; 1 large egg yolk; 2 tablespoons all-purpose flour plus additional for forming gnocchi; freshly grated nutmeg to taste | INSTRUCTIONS: Make sauce: in a 9- to 10-inch heavy skillet cook garlic and onion in oil over moderately low heat, stirring, until onion is softened. Add tomatoes with reserved juice, wine, and salt and pepper to taste and simmer, uncovered, stirring occasionally, until thickened, 20 to 25 minutes. in a 9- to 10-inch heavy skillet cook garlic and onion in oil over moderately low heat, stirring, until onion is softened. Add tomatoes with reserved juice, wine, and salt and pepper to taste and simmer, uncovered, stirring occasionally, until thickened, 20 to 25 minutes. Make gnocchi while sauce is cooking: In a  <END>
INPUT: pops, vanilla ice cream, orange sherbet
OUTPUT: TITLE: Orange Cream Pops | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Cooking spray; 1 quart vanilla ice cream; 1 quart orange sherbet | INSTRUCTIONS: Place a baking sheet in the freezer to chill, about 20 minutes. Line the baking sheet with parchment paper and coat with cooking spray. Spray the insides of eight 3-to-4-inch cookie cutters and place on the parchment. Fill each cutter halfway with small scoops of ice cream and sherbet (about 1/2 cup of each), alternating to create a marbled effect. Repeat with another layer to fill the cutters. Smooth the surface of each with an offset spatula or the back of a spoon. Cover with plastic wrap and freeze 1 hour. Meanwhile, place another baking sheet in the freezer to chill, then line with parchme <END>
INPUT: Mexican, jamaican, salsa, butterflied leg lamb, virgin olive oil, thyme, allspice, Kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Butterflied Leg Lamb with Jamaican Papaya Salsa | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 butterflied boneless leg lamb (about 6 pounds); 13 cup extra-virgin olive oil, plus 2 tablespoons; 14 cup dried thyme; 2 teaspoons allspice; Kosher salt; 1 tablespoon dark brown sugar; 1 tablespoon sherry vinegar; 1 teaspoon grated peeled fresh ginger; 2 scallions (white and green parts), sliced; 1 papaya, peeled, seeded, and diced (about 1 cup); 1 red bell pepper, seeded and diced; 1 habanero pepper, seeded and minced (use seeds if you like it super spicy) | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. Heat a grill to medium. 2. Cut lamb in half following a natural seam that runs across center meat. Brush lamb lightly with 1/3 cup olive oil and rub each side with 1 tablespoon thyme, 1/2 teaspoon allspice, and a generous amount salt. Place lamb on grill fat side up and grill until well browned, about 15 minutes. Turn lamb and grill until other side is well browned and an instant-read thermometer inserted in thickest part registers 130degreesF to 135degreesF for medium-rare, about 10 minutes. Transfer lamb to a cutting board, cover loosely with foil, and let rest for 10 minutes. 3. Whisk 2  <END>
INPUT: Mexican, pilaf, butter, onion, long grain rice, vegetable chicken stock, lime juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lime Rice Pilaf | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons butter; 1 small onion, peeled, finely chopped; 2 cups long grain white rice; 3 3/4 cups vegetable or chicken stock; 1/4 cup fresh lime juice; 2 teaspoons grated lime peel; Chopped fresh parsley or cilantro | INSTRUCTIONS: Melt butter in heavy large saucepan over medium heat. Add onion and saute until tender, about 10 minutes. Add rice and stir to coat. Add stock, lime juice and lime peel. Bring to boil, stirring occasionally. Reduce heat to low, cover and cook until rice is tender and liquid is absorbed, about 20 minutes. Remove from heat and let stand covered 5 minutes. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Transfer rice to serving bowl. Sprinkle with parsley or cilantro. <END>
INPUT: Indian, burgers, sauce, lentils, rolled oats, garlic, coriander seeds, cumin
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lentil Burgers with Yogurt Mint Sauce | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/4 cups lentils, picked over and rinsed; 1/2 cup rolled oats; 2 garlic cloves, minced; 2 teaspoons ground coriander seeds; 2 teaspoons ground cumin; 1 large egg, beaten lightly; 1/2 cup plain yogurt; 1/3 cup chopped fresh mint leaves; Vegetable oil for frying; 6 pita pockets, split; 6 soft-leafed lettuce leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: Add lentils to a large saucepan of salted water and bring water to a boil. Cook lentils at a bare simmer until tender, about 15 to 20 minutes. In a blender or food processor grind oats into meal. Drain lentils in a sieve and in a bowl combine with garlic, coriander, cumin, and 3 tablespoons ground oats. Mash lentils coarse with a potato masher. Stir in egg and salt and pepper to taste and form mixture into six 3-inch burgers, each 1/2-inch thick. Coat burgers with remaining ground oats and chill, uncovered, 15 minutes. In a small bowl stir together yogurt, min, and salt and pepper to taste. In <END>
INPUT: sauce, olive oil, shrimp, garlic, oregano, sweet
OUTPUT: TITLE: Capellini with Shrimp and Creamy Tomato Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons olive oil; 1 pound peeled large shrimp; 3 large garlic cloves, forced through a garlic press; 1/4 teaspoon dried oregano; 1/2 cup sweet (red) vermouth; 1 (14- to 15-ounce) can diced tomatoes, drained; 3/4 cup heavy cream; 1/2 teaspoon fresh lemon juice; 1/2 pound capellini | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat oil in a 12-inch heavy skillet over medium-high heat until it shimmers, then cook shrimp and garlic with oregano, 1/2 teaspoon salt, and 1/4 teaspoon pepper, turning once, until golden, about 2 minutes total. Stir in vermouth and tomatoes, scraping up any brown bits from bottom of skillet. Add cream and briskly simmer until sauce has thickened slightly, about 1 minute. Stir in lemon juice. Meanwhile, cook capellini in a pasta pot of boiling salted water (3 tablespoons salt for 6 quarts water) until al dente. Reserve 1 cup pasta-cooking water, then drain pasta. Serve immediately, topped wi <END>
INPUT: glaze, wine, butter, Old Bay seasoning, center salmon fillet, spicy mustard
OUTPUT: TITLE: Salmon with Mustard and Brown Sugar Glaze | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 cup dry white wine; 1/4 cup butter, cut into small pieces; 1 teaspoon Old Bay seasoning; 1 2-pound center-cut skinless salmon fillet; 1/3 cup spicy brown mustard (such as Gulden's); 1/4 cup (packed) golden brown sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350°F. Boil wine, butter, and Old Bay seasoning in small saucepan 3 minutes. Sprinkle salmon on both sides with salt and pepper. Place fish on heavy rimmed baking sheet. Pour wine mixture over. Bake until fish is opaque in center, about 14 minutes. Remove from oven. Preheat broiler. Mix mustard and sugar in small bowl to blend; spread over salmon to cover. Broil salmon until topping is brown and bubbling, about 3 minutes. Transfer salmon to platter and serve. Preheat oven to 350°F. Boil wine, butter, and Old Bay seasoning in small saucepan 3 minutes. Sprinkle salmon on both sid <END>
INPUT: pancakes, quick oats, cottage cheese, sweet potato puree, salt, eggs
OUTPUT: TITLE: Quick Oats Sweet Potato Pancakes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup quick oats; 1 cup cottage cheese; 1/2 cup sweet potato puree (or puree of your choice); Pinch salt; 2 eggs; Pinch cinnamon, optional | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Heat a griddle or nonstick pan over medium heat. Combine the oats, cottage cheese, sweet potato puree, salt, eggs and cinnamon if using together in a blender and combine until smooth. Pour about 1/4 cup of the batter per pancake onto the griddle and cook until starting to brown a little, 3 to 4 minutes per side. Repeat for the rest of the batter and serve immediately. <END>
INPUT: giardiniera Italian hot, romaine hearts, good quality olives, pepperoni salami, handful flat leaf
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spicy Chopped Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups giardiniera Italian hot pickled vegetable salad (pepperoncini, cauliflower, carrots and celery) drained, available on Italian foods aisle, chop; 2 romaine hearts, chopped; 1/2 cup pitted good quality olives, any variety; 1/3 pound stick pepperoni or stick salami, diced; A handful flat-leaf parsley, chopped; 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar, eyeball it; 4 tablespoons prepared pesto; 3 to 4 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, eyeball it; Salt and pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine salad ingredients in a bowl and dress salad with vinegar, extra-virgin olive oil, then season with salt and pepper, to your taste. In a small bowl, add 4 tablespoons pesto and a splash of red wine vinegar. Slowly pour in extra-virgin olive oil until the dressing just comes together. Drizzle the dressing over top of salad. <END>
INPUT: paillards, Moulard duck breast, water, salt, ginger, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pan-Grilled Paillards of Duck | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 whole boneless Moulard duck breast* with skin (2 lb total), halved; 2 tablespoons water; 2 teaspoons salt; 2 teaspoons ground ginger; 1 teaspoon black pepper; 1 teaspoon curry powder; 1 teaspoon cinnamon; 2 navel oranges, cut into 1/4-inch-thick slices; Special equipment: a well-seasoned ridged grill pan | INSTRUCTIONS: Pull skin off duck and thinly slice skin, then cook skin with water in a 10- to 12-inch heavy skillet over moderately low heat, stirring occasionally, until fat is rendered and cracklings are browned and crisp, about 15 minutes. Drain in a sieve set over a bowl and reserve rendered fat. Spread cracklings on paper towels to drain. Remove tender from underside of each breast half if attached and reserve for another use, then trim silver membrane from each breast half. Halve each breast half horizontally to make a total of 4 thin pieces. Gently pound each piece between 2 sheets of plastic wrap to <END>
INPUT: crisps, Vegetable oil, cinnamon, arrowroot
OUTPUT: TITLE: Apricot and Pineapple Crisps | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Vegetable oil cooking spray; 1 (20-ounce) can pineapple chunks in juice, drained and 1/2 cup juice reserved; 1 cup (6 ounces) quartered dried apricots; 3/4 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1/4 teaspoon arrowroot; 1/2 cup flour; 1/2 cup quick-cook oats; 1 stick unsalted butter, chilled, cut into 1/2-inch pieces; 1/2 cup light brown sugar, packed; 1/3 cup chopped pecans; 1/4 teaspoon fine salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: 4 (10-ounce) ramekins, each 2 1/2 inches tall and 3 1/2 inches in diameter. Place an oven rack in the center of the oven. Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Spray 4 (10-ounce) ramekins with vegetable oil cooking spray. Set aside. For the filling: In a medium bowl, mix together the pineapple chunks, apricots, cinnamon, arrowroot, and reserved pineapple juice. Divide the mixture equally between the ramekins. For the topping: In a food processor, combine the flour, oats, butter, sugar, pecans, and salt. Pulse together until the butter is the size of peas. Spoon the topping over <END>
INPUT: green, salad, string beans, butter, vegetable oil, onion, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Smoked Turkey Leg and Green Bean Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound string beans, ends trimmed, cut into 1-inch pieces; 1 tablespoon butter; 1 tablespoon vegetable oil; 1 small red onion, sliced in half moons; 3 cloves garlic, minced; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 red bell pepper, seeded and julienned; 6 sun-dried tomatoes packed in oil, chopped; Meat from 1 (1-pound) smoked turkey leg, skin removed and meat roughly chopped, 10 ounces; 1 tablespoon lemon juice; 1/4 cup pine nuts, toasted | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil over medium heat and add the string beans. Blanch until bright green, about 3 minutes, then transfer to an ice bath. Warm the butter and the oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Add the onion and garlic, a pinch of salt and pepper, and cook until they are softened but have no color. Add the bell pepper to the skillet and continue to saute another 2 minutes. Strain the string beans and pat dry. Add the beans, tomatoes, turkey and lemon juice and stir until all ingredients are evenly incorporated and warm. Transfer to a serving bowl, top with toast <END>
INPUT: Mexican, pilaf, onion, bell pepper, long grain rice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Bell Pepper and Rice Pilaf | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 6 tablespoons (3/4 stick) butter; 1 large red onion, chopped; 1 large red bell pepper, seeded, chopped; 1 large yellow bell pepper, seeded, chopped; 2 1/3 cups long-grain white rice; 2 teaspoons ground cumin; 1 teaspoon chili powder; 3 3/4 cups canned low-salt chicken broth; 1/2 cup chopped fresh cilantro | INSTRUCTIONS: Melt butter in heavy large pot over medium heat. Add onion and bell peppers and sauté until tender, about 12 minutes. Add rice, cumin and chili powder; stir 1 minute. Add broth and bring to boil, stirring occasionally. Cover pot. Reduce heat to medium-low and simmer until rice si tender and broth is absorbed, about 25 minutes. Season pilaf to taste with salt and pepper. Sprinkle with cilantro and serve. Melt butter in heavy large pot over medium heat. Add onion and bell peppers and sauté until tender, about 12 minutes. Add rice, cumin and chili powder; stir 1 minute. Add broth and bring to boi <END>
INPUT: American, casserole, turkey breakfast sausage, milk, water, quick grits
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grits and Sausage Casserole | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 pound turkey breakfast sausage; 1 1/2 cups 1-percent milk; 1 1/2 cups water; 3/4 cup quick-cooking grits; 3/4 cup (3 ounces) shredded reduced-fat sharp cheddar; 3 tablespoons minced fresh parsley leaves; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 1/4 teaspoon garlic powder; 1/8 teaspoon black pepper; Dash of ground red pepper; 3 egg whites, room temperature; Vegetable cooking spray; 2 cups red bell pepper strips | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F. Cook sausage in a non-stick skillet over medium-high heat until browned, stirring to crumble. Drain and set aside. Combine milk and water in a saucepan; bring to a boil over medium-high heat. Stir in grits; cover, reduce heat and simmer 7 minutes or until thickened, stirring frequently. Combine grits mixture, sausage, cheese, parsley, salt, garlic, and peppers in a large bowl; set aside. Beat egg whites at high speed of a mixer until stiff peaks form. Gently stir 1/4 of the egg whites into grits mixture; gently fold in remaining egg whites. Spoon mixture into a 1 <END>
INPUT: asturian, soup, beans, ham hock, belly pork, mercillos other blood
OUTPUT: TITLE: Asturian Bean and Sausage Soup | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 9 ounces white beans, soaked overnight; 7 ounces ham hock, soaked for 1 hour; 5 ounces belly pork rib, on the bone; 5 ounces belly pork rib, cubed; 3 fresh mercillos or other blood pudding; 2 or 3 chorizo sausages; 1 1/2 pounds dark green cabbage; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 pound potatoes; Pinch paprika, optional | INSTRUCTIONS: Put the beans, ham hock, belly pork rib, blood pudding, and chorizo into a pot and cover with water. Skim as the water comes to the boil and cook for 1 hour or until the beans are almost tender. Cut up the cabbage quite finely. Drain. Remove the meat bones returning any shreds of meat to the pot and slice the sausages. Season with plenty of black pepper and salt to taste. Add the cabbage and potatoes, and more liquid if necessary to cover them comfortably. Simmer until the potatoes are tender and check the seasoning. If your chorizos are not very spicy, you could add some paprika. Serve in big <END>
INPUT: Mexican, salsa, olive oil, tomatillos, onion, garlic, chiles de arbol
OUTPUT: TITLE: Easy Chile Salsa | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon olive oil; 8 tomatillos, husks removed; 1/2 white onion; 2 cloves garlic, unpeeled; 3 whole chiles de arbol or thai chiles, stemmed; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro leaves; 1 cup water; Salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. In a large saute pan, heat the oil over medium-high heat. Add the tomatillos, onion, garlic, and chiles. Cook for about 7 minutes until the tomatillo skins are browned. Carefully peel the garlic cloves and transfer the mixture to a blender. Add the cilantro and 1 cup of water. Process until smooth, about 2 minutes. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Pour the salsa into a serving bowl and serve. <END>
INPUT: pizzas, olive oil, shiitake mushrooms, mushrooms, garlic, Sherry
OUTPUT: TITLE: Shiitake and Gruyère Pizzas | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 teaspoon olive oil; 1 pound fresh shiitake mushrooms, stems discarded and caps cut into 1/2-inch-thick slices; 1 pound white mushrooms, cut into 1/4-inch-thick slices; 2 large garlic cloves, minced; 2 tablespoons medium-dry Sherry; 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice; 4 teaspoons yellow cornmeal; 1/2 cup packed fresh parsley leaves, washed well, spun dry, and chopped; 3 ounces Gruyère, grated (about 3/4 cup); 3/4 cup war water (110°-115°F.) plus additional tablespoon if necessary; a 1/4-ounce package (2 1/2 teaspoons) active dry yeast; 2 cups all-purpose flour; 1 1/2 teaspoons salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Make Pizza dough In a large bowl stir together water and yeast and let stand until foamy, about 5 minutes. Stir in flour and salt and blend until mixture forms a dough, adding additional tablespoon water if too dry. On a lightly floured surface knead dough about 10 minutes, or until smooth and elastic. (Alternatively, dough may be made in a standing electric mixer. In bowl of mixture make dough as described above. With dough hook knead dough about 5 minutes, or until smooth and elastic.) Put dough in a very lightly oiled deep bowl, turning to coat, and let rise, covered loosely, in a warm plac <END>
INPUT: dozen seedless grapes, chevre, cream, pistachios
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grapes Stuffed with Chevre | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 dozen large red seedless grapes; 1/4 cup chevre, at room temperature; 2 to 3 tablespoons cream; 1/4 cup pistachios, chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: Wash the grapes and cut a very thin slice of skin off of the bottom of each grape so that they will sit upright. Cut the tops off and discard. Scoop out some of the flesh with a sharp paring knife to create a small cavity in each grape. In a small bowl, mash the goat cheese with enough cream to make a smooth, icing-textured mixture. Spoon into a small piping bag, or resealable bag with the corner tip cut off. Pipe some of the goat cheese mixture into each grape and then sprinkle the tops with some chopped pistachios. <END>
INPUT: Italian, pasta, orso, fava beans, broccoli rabe, tagliarini spaghetti, garlic, virgin olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pasta with Fava Beans, Olives, and Broccoli Rabe Orso | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 pound fresh fava beans, shelled (about 1 cup); 1/2 pound broccoli rabe; 3/4 pound tagliarini or thin spaghetti; 4 garlic cloves, minced; 1/3 cup extra virgin olive oil; 1/3 cup Nicoise olives pitted; 1/8 teaspoon dried hot red pepper flakes; 1/4 cup dry white wine; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh flat-leafed parsley; 8 fresh basil leaves, cut into julienne strips; 3 ounces grated Pecorino Romano cheese | INSTRUCTIONS: In a kettle of salted boiling water blanch fava beans 10 seconds and transfer with a slotted spoon to a bowl of ice water. Drain beans and gently remove outer skins. In same kettle of salted boiling water blanch broccoli rabe 1 minute and transfer with slotted spoon to a bowl of ice water. Drain broccoli rabe and cut into 2-inch pieces. In same kettle of boiling water cook pasta until al dente. While pasta is cooking, in large heavy skillet cook garlic in oil over medium heat, stirring until softened. Add beans, broccoli rabe, olives, red pepper and cook, stirring for 4 minutes. Add wine and c <END>
INPUT: saltines, cream cheese, mayonnaise, Dijon mustard, lemon juice, virgin olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Crab Dip with Garlic Saltines and Roasted Cherry Tomatoes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup cream cheese; 1/2 cup mayonnaise; 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard; 1/2 tablespoon lemon juice; About 1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil, optional; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 tablespoons chopped chives; 1 1/2 cups (about 12 ounces) fresh lump crabmeat, drained and picked over; 2 cloves garlic, minced; 1/4 bunch fresh flat-leaf parsley, chopped; 1/2 stick butter, melted; 30 saltine crackers (1 packet); 1 pint cherry tomatoes; 2 tablespoons balsamic vinegar; Extra-virgin olive oil, optional | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. In a food processor add the cream cheese, mayonnaise, and Dijon and blend until smooth. Then add the lemon juice and olive oil, if desired, and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper. Process until well combined, scraping down the sides with a rubber spatula as you go. Dump the mixture into a large mixing bowl and fold in the chopped chives and crabmeat. Adjust seasoning with salt and pepper then cover and set aside in the refrigerator. For the crackers: Meanwhile, prepare the saltines. Make a garlic butter by combining th <END>
INPUT: slow, baby, kosher salt, pepper, olive oil, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Slow-Braised Short Ribs, Lardons, and Baby Vegetables | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 8 (5- to 6-inch-long) meaty short ribs (5 pounds total); 1 1/2 teaspoons kosher salt; 1/2 teaspoon black pepper; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1 large onion, coarsely chopped; 2 medium carrots, coarsely chopped; 3 celery ribs, coarsely chopped; 1/2 cup tomato paste (5 ounces); 2 cups dry red wine; 1/2 cup red-wine vinegar; 1 quartt beef stock (not canned broth) or reconstituted beef-veal demiglace concentrate; 2 cups water; 2 fresh thyme sprigs; 1 Turkish or 1/2 California bay leaf; 1/4 pound total smoked slab bacon, cut crosswise into 1/4-inch-thick slices, then slices cut into matchsticks (lardons) | INSTRUCTIONS: Put oven rack in middle position and preheat oven to 325°F. Pat ribs dry and sprinkle with kosher salt and pepper. Heat oil in a wide 6- to 8-quart heavy pot over moderately high heat just until smoking, then brown ribs in batches, without crowding, turning with tongs, about 6 minutes per batch. Transfer to a plate. Reduce heat to moderate, then cook onion, chopped carrots, and celery in fat remaining in pot, stirring occasionally, until softened and lightly browned on edges, about 7 minutes. Stir in tomato paste, wine, and vinegar and boil over high heat, uncovered, until liquid is reduced by <END>
INPUT: kebabs, pineapple juice, malt vinegar, molasses sugar sugar, Kosher salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lamb, Bell Pepper and Pineapple Kebabs | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 (1 1/2-pounds) lamb neck fillet or boneless leg of lamb, trimmed and cut into 1 1/4-inch chunks; 3/4 cup pineapple juice; 4 tablespoons malt vinegar; 1/2 cup molasses sugar or brown sugar; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; Cold water, as needed; 2 large green bell peppers, seeded; 2 large red bell peppers, seeded; 2 red onions; 1 fresh pineapple; 3 large bananas, just ripe; Sunflower or groundnut oil (peanut), for brushing | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: wooden skewers Wash the lamb neck and pat it dry with paper towels. In a medium bowl, mix together the pineapple juice, vinegar, sugar, and adjust the seasonings with salt, and pepper. Transfer the lamb to a bowl and pour over half of the marinade. Cover the bowl with plastic wrap, and set the meat in the refrigerator to marinate for 1 hour or up to 4 hours. Soak the wooden skewers in cold water for at least 30 minutes prior to cooking the kebabs. The water will help prevent them from burning. Dice the bell peppers and onions into 1 1/4-inch cubes. Using a sharp knife, remov <END>
INPUT: butter, morels, shallots, granny smith apples, chipolte pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fresh Morels with Apples and Butter Noodles | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 tablespoons butter; 1 pound fresh morels, sliced if large; 1/2 cup minced shallots; 3 granny smith apples, cored and julienned with skin attached; 1 chipolte pepper, dry, minced; 1 tablespoon flour; 1/4 cup calvados; 1/2 cup vegetable stock; 1/2 pound fresh pencil asparagus tips; 1/2 pound cooked Lancaster butter noodles; 1 teaspoon cracked black pepper corns; Salt to taste; 1/2 cup watercress or baby mustard greens | INSTRUCTIONS: In a hot pan clarify butter, add mushrooms and saute 2 minutes. Add shallots saute for 2 minutes. Add apples, chipotle and flour, saute 2 minutes. Add calvados and flambe. Add stock and bring to a boil. Add asparagus, stir, add pasta, cook 3 minutes. Add black peppercorns, and salt, toss. Serve garnished with greens.; <END>
INPUT: vegetables, vegetable oil, beef stock, chuck roast, bay leaf beef, carrots
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pot Roast with Vegetables | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons vegetable oil; 2 cups brown beef stock; 3 1/2 - 4 pound boneless chuck roast; 1 bay leaf or beef shoulder, rolled & tied; 1 pound carrots,cut into diagonals; 1 large onion, coarsely chopped; 1 1/2 pounds all purpose potatoes; 1 cup chopped celery peeled and quartered; 2 cloves garlic, minced; Salt and pepper to taste; 1 cup canned crushed tomatoes; 2 tablespoons cornstarch dissolved; 1 cup red wine in 3 tablespoons water; 1/2 cup chopped parsley | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350 degrees. In a large heavy ovenproof pan (le crueset) or dutch oven, heat the oil over medium high heat. Pat the roast dry rub to coat with salt and pepper. Brown the meat on all sides in the heated casserole. Add in the onions and celery, stir and cook for 2 minutes or until softened. Stir in the garlic and cook for 30 seconds. Add the tomatoes, red wine, beef stock and bay leaf and bring to a simmer. Cover and place pot in oven to braise. After 1 hour, remove pot and stir in carrots. Return to oven for another 30 minutes. Remove pot from oven and stir in potatoes. Return t <END>
INPUT: caramel, reduced fat, cinnamon, orange peel, sugar, water
OUTPUT: TITLE: Crème Caramel with Orange and Cinnamon | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 3/4 cups reduced-fat (2%) milk; 1 cinnamon stick, broken in half; 16 2 x 1/8-inch orange peel strips (orange part only); 1/2 cup plus 1/3 cup sugar; 1/4 cup water; 1 large egg; 1 large egg white; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine milk and cinnamon stick in medium saucepan. Bring to simmer. Remove from heat. Cover; let stand 30 minutes. Discard cinnamon stick. Preheat oven to 350°F. Divide orange strips among four 3/4-cup custard cups or soufflé dishes. Stir 1/2 cup sugar and 1/4 cup water in heavy small saucepan over low heat until sugar dissolves. Increase heat and boil without stirring until syrup turns deep amber, occasionally brushing down sides of pan with wet pastry brush and swirling pan, about 8 minutes. Immediately pour caramel into custard cups, dividing equally. Whisk egg, egg white, vanilla and rema <END>
INPUT: unsalted butter, four brioche loaf, eggs, heavy cream, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Creamy Eggs with Smoked Salmon on Brioche | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 tablespoons unsalted butter; four 1-inch-thick slices brioche loaf or challah; 8 large eggs; 3/4 cup heavy cream; 1 teaspoon salt; 3 tablespoons chopped fresh chives; 4 ounces sliced smoked salmon | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350° F. Melt butter. With a 3-inch round cutter cut out 1 round from each bread slice. Brush both sides of rounds with butter and season with salt. On a baking sheet bake rounds in middle of oven until golden and crisp. In a blender blend, eggs, cream, and salt until just combined and stir in 2 tablespoons chives. In a double boiler or a metal bowl set over a saucepan of barely simmering water cook the egg mixture, stirring, until creamy and just cooked through, about 4 minutes, and season with freshly ground black pepper. Put 1 bread round onto each of 4 plates and divide egg  <END>
INPUT: Italian, Olive oil, fat free Caesar, light mayonnaise, fat free sour, Parmesan cheese
OUTPUT: TITLE: Baked Artichoke Dip | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: Olive oil nonstick cooking spray, Pam®; 2/3 cup fat-free Caesar salad dressing, Girard's®; 1/3 cup light mayonnaise, Best Foods®/Hellmann's®; 1/3 cup fat-free sour cream, Knudsen®; 1/3 cup grated Parmesan cheese, DiGiorno®; 2 cans (15 ounces each) artichoke quarters in water, drained and chopped, Maria®; 1 can (14.5-ounce) organic diced tomatoes with basil and garlic, drained, Muir Glen®; 5 ounces low-fat Swiss cheese, shredded, Alpine Lace®; 1/2 teaspoon hot pepper sauce, Tabasco®; Baked tortilla chips and/or vegetable dippers | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Coat a 1-quart baking dish with cooking spray; set aside. 2. In a medium bowl, combine all remaining ingredients except tortilla chips and vegetable dippers. 3. Transfer mixture to baking dish. Bake for 40 to 45 minutes or until set and top is golden brown. 4. Serve warm with tortilla chips and/or vegetable dippers. Copyright® 2009 SLSH Enterprises, Inc. <END>
INPUT: granola, quick oats, hazelnuts, honey, coconut oil, cinnamon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Honey and Hazelnut Granola | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 cups quick-cooking oats; 1/2 cup hazelnuts, coarsely chopped; 1/3 cup honey; 3 tablespoons coconut oil; 1 heaping teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1 heaping teaspoon ground ginger; 1/4 teaspoon ground nutmeg; 1 teaspoon kosher salt; 1 cup sliced dried apricots | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper. Put the oats and hazelnuts in a large bowl. Heat the honey and coconut oil in a medium saucepan over medium heat until melted. Add the cinnamon, ginger, nutmeg and salt and whisk to incorporate. Remove from the heat and pour over the oat mixture. Stir until all the oats and nuts are coated well. Spread the oat mixture on the prepared baking sheet. Bake until the oats are dried and the hazelnuts are lightly toasted, about 30 minutes. Let cool completely, and then mix in the apricots. The  <END>
INPUT: macaroons, coconut, condensed milk, rum extract, pure vanilla extract, egg whites
OUTPUT: TITLE: Coconut Chai Macaroons | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 14 ounces sweetened shredded coconut; 14 ounces sweetened condensed milk; 1/2 teaspoon rum extract; 1/2 teaspoon pure vanilla extract; 2 extra-large egg whites, at room temperature; 1/4 teaspoon kosher salt; 1 tablespoon chai spices | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper. Combine the coconut, condensed milk, rum extract and vanilla extract in a large bowl. Whip the egg whites and salt until they make firm peaks. Fold the egg whites into the coconut mixture. Place tablespoon-size rounds of batter onto the prepared baking sheet lined, and sprinkle liberally with the chai spices. Bake until golden brown, 20 to 25 minutes. Cool and serve. <END>
INPUT: balls, bulk pork sausage, sharp Cheddar cheese, milk, buttermilk, onion soup mix
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sausage Balls | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 pound bulk pork sausage; 2 cups shredded sharp Cheddar cheese; 1/4 cup milk; 1 1/2 cups buttermilk, pancake and waffle mix; 2 tablespoons dry onion soup mix; 1/8 to 1/4 teaspoon ground hot red pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Mix together sausage, cheese, milk and egg in a large bowl. Add buttermilk pancake and waffle mix with onion soup mix and ground red pepper. Blend well. Pinch off bits of dough and shape into 1- inch balls. Place on lightly greased baking sheets, spacing 1 1/2 inches apart, and sprinkle lightly with paprika. Bake 10 to 15 minutes at 375 degrees until deep golden brown, turning the balls over at halftime. Remove from baking sheets and serve. <END>
INPUT: Italian, salmon, risotto, size beets, chicken stock, olive oil, Arborio rice, Salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Seared Salmon with Beet Risotto, Sauteed Spinach, Wild Mushrooms and a Beet and Carrot Micro-Green S | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 2 medium size beets, roasted; 2 1/2 cups chicken stock; 1/4 cup olive oil; 3/4 cup Arborio rice; Salt and pepper; 3 tablespoons butter, cubed; 3 1/2 cups hot water; 1/2-ounce dried shiitake and chanterelle mushrooms; 2 tablespoons balsamic vinegar; 6 tablespoons olive oil; 1 tablespoon sherry wine; Salt and pepper; 1 cup spinach; 2 tablespoons olive oil; Salt and pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Let beets cool until cool enough to handle, then peel and cut into chunks. Transfer beets to a blender or food processor along with 1 1/4 cups of stock and blend together. Add the remaining stock and blend. Add oil to a small saucepan and heat over medium heat. Add the rice to the oil and toast it for a couple minutes. Add half the beet puree to the rice, then slowly add the rest of the beet puree, stirring constantly. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Cook until rice is tender and then fold in the butter. Keep warm in a hot water bath. Heat the water, but do not boil it. Place mushrooms  <END>
INPUT: honey, Dijon mustard, prosciutto, chicken tenders, vegetable oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken Prosciutto Pieces | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon honey; 1/4 cup Dijon mustard; 4 thin slices prosciutto, trimmed of excess fat; 8 pieces chicken tenders; 2 tablespoons vegetable oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine the honey and mustard in a shallow bowl and set aside. Cut the prosciutto into 1/2-inch lengths. Roll the chicken in the honey mustard, then wrap a prosciutto strip around each piece of chicken and, if needed, secure it with toothpick. Heat the oil in a nonstick 12-inch skillet over high heat. When oil is hot, place chicken in the skillet. Sear on 1 side for about 1 1/2 minutes, or until crispy. Turn the pieces, and repeat on all sides. Remove from the skillet and drain on paper towels. Serve hot. <END>
INPUT: victorian, cake, rose geranium leaves, unsalted butter, all purpose flour, baking powder, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Victorian Rose Geranium Cake | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 16 to 18 rose geranium leaves, rinsed and patted dry; 2 sticks unsalted butter, plus more for the pan; 3 cups all-purpose flour, plus more for dusting; 1 tablespoon baking powder; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 3/4 cup whole milk; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; 1 3/4 cups sugar; 6 large egg whites; 4 rose geranium leaves, rinsed and patted dry; 1 1/2 cups sugar; 2 large egg whites; 1/4 teaspoon cream of tartar; Pinch of salt; 5 drops red food coloring | INSTRUCTIONS: Infuse the butter for the cake: Rub 6 rose geranium leaves to release the oils. Wrap the leaves around the butter. Wrap in plastic wrap and refrigerate overnight. Infuse the sugar for the frosting: Rub 4 rose geranium leaves, then combine with 1 1/2 cups sugar in an airtight container and let stand at room temperature overnight. Make the cake: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Butter and flour a 9-by-13-inch baking pan. Rub the remaining 10 to 12 leaves and arrange in the pan. Whisk the flour, baking powder and salt in a bowl. In a separate bowl, mix the milk, 3/4 cup water and the vanilla. U <END>
INPUT: Indian, sauce, onions, chiles, vegetable oil, cumin seeds, coriander seeds
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spicy Yogurt Sauce | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup chopped onions; 1 to 2 chiles, minced; 2 tablespoons vegetable oil; 1 teaspoon ground cumin seeds; 1 teaspoon ground coriander seeds; 1 large tomato, chopped (about 1 cup); 2 teaspoons unbleached white flour; 1 cup plain yogurt; Salt to taste | INSTRUCTIONS: Saute the onions and chiles in the oil until tender, about 10 minutes. Add the cumin and coriander and saute for a minute, stirring constantly. Stir in the tomato and flour and cook for 2 minutes. Finally, stir in the yogurt. Heat the sauce thoroughly, but do not allow it to boil or the yogurt will curdle. Add salt to taste and serve <END>
INPUT: mango, avocado, paprika, garlic, olive oil, ancho chili powder, oregano
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Sea Bass, Mango, Grapefruit and Avocado Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons paprika; 2 tablespoons minced garlic; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1 tablespoon ancho chili powder; 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh oregano; 2 teaspoons allspice; 1/2 cup grapefruit juice; 8 (5 to 6-ounce) sea bass fillets; 1/4 cup plus 2 tablespoons grapefruit juice; 1/4 cup olive oil; 2 tablespoons Sherry wine vinegar; 1 1/2 tablespoons chopped fresh mint; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh ginger; Salt and freshly ground pepper; 10 cups mixed baby greens | INSTRUCTIONS: Place first 6 ingredients in processor until almost smooth. Add juice and blend well. Season spice mixture with salt pepper. Sprinkle fish with salt and pepper. Rub the spice mixture over each fillet. Refrigerate 2 hours. Preheat grill. Remove fish from marinade and season with salt and pepper. Grill for 3 minutes on each side. Whisk together the ingredients and season with salt and pepper to taste. Place greens in a large bowl and drizzle with some of the dressing, season with salt and pepper and toss to coat, divide among 8 plates. Arrange grapefruit segments and mangoes atop greens and driz <END>
INPUT: American, casserole, haricots verts, onions, tomatoes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Green Bean Casserole | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 pounds haricots verts (French thin green beans); 2 large red onions, finely diced; 8 tablespoons (1/2 cup or 1 stick) butter, unsalted; 2 (10-ounce) cans cream of mushroom soup; 3 tomatoes, seeded and diced; 4 cans French-fried onions; Salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Blanch the haricots verts in hot water for about 3 to 5 minutes then remove from heat and shock in iced water. Drain and set aside to cool. Preheat oven to 325 degrees F. In a large skillet saute the chopped onion in butter. Then add the cooled beans and saute for a couple of minutes. Add the canned mushroom soup and mix well. Transfer to a buttered casserole dish and top with the diced tomato, French-fried onions, and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Bake in oven for about 10 minutes. <END>
INPUT: microwave, carrots, unrefined coconut oil, light sugar, cumin, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Microwave Sweet and Spicy Carrots with Scallions | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 pounds carrots, peeled and tops trimmed; 2 tablespoons unrefined coconut oil; 1 tablespoon light brown sugar, lightly packed; 1/2 teaspoon ground cumin; 1/4 teaspoon crushed red pepper; Kosher salt; 2 tablespoons white distilled vinegar; 2 scallions, thinly sliced on a deep bias | INSTRUCTIONS: Cut the carrots using a roll-cut: one carrot at a time, slice diagonal chunks from the carrot, rolling it a quarter-turn between cuts to create faceted bite-size pieces. Combine the coconut oil, brown sugar, cumin, crushed red pepper and 1 teaspoon salt in an 8-inch square baking dish. Microwave on high until just melted, about 30 seconds. Stir in the vinegar and carrots. Cover with a vented lid or plastic wrap with 6 small holes poked in it. Microwave on high for 5 minutes. Uncover, being careful to avoid the steam, and give the carrots a stir. Cover again and microwave on high, stirring ever <END>
INPUT: glaze, molasses, Dijon mustard, balsamic vinegar, ancho chile powder, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Lamb Chops with Mustard Molasses Glaze | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup molasses; 1/4 cup Dijon mustard; 1/4 cup balsamic vinegar; 1 teaspoon ancho chile powder; 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped; Eight lamb chops, (8 ounces each, 3/4 inch thick); Olive oil; Salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: For Mustard-Molasses Glaze: Mix together until combined. For the lamb chops: Preheat the grill to medium heat. Brush each lamb chop on both sides with olive oil and season with salt and pepper to taste. Cook the chops on one side for 3 to 4 minutes, or until golden brown. Turn over and cook for 6 to 7 minutes for medium-rare doneness. During the last 2 minutes of cooking, brush the chops with the glaze on both sides. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, gazpacho, shallot, Juice limes, virgin olive oil, Kosher salt pepper, chicken cutlets
OUTPUT: TITLE: Gazpacho With Lime Chicken | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 large shallot, minced; Juice of 2 limes, plus wedges for serving; 1/3 cup extra-virgin olive oil, plus more for drizzling; Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper; 1 1/4 pounds chicken cutlets; 1/2 cup large-cut croutons; 3 large tomatoes, diced; 1 small cucumber, peeled, seeded and diced; 1 bell pepper (any color), stemmed, seeded and diced; 1/4 cup roughly chopped fresh cilantro | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat a grill to high. Soak the minced shallot in cold water, about 10 minutes. Meanwhile, mix 1 tablespoon lime juice, 2 tablespoons olive oil, and salt and pepper to taste in a shallow dish; add the chicken and turn to coat. Grill the chicken until golden and cooked through, about 3 minutes per side. Let cool, then slice. Crush half of the croutons; set aside. Soak the remaining croutons in 1/4 cup water, 5 minutes, then squeeze out the water and put in a blender. Drain the shallot and add to the blender along with half each of the diced tomatoes, cucumber and bell pepper. With the motor r <END>
INPUT: smash, Bing cherries, kirsch, sugar, ice cubes, Courvoisier other premium
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cherry Smash | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup fresh pitted Bing cherries; 1/4 cup kirsch (clear cherry brandy); 1/4 cup sugar; 1 cup ice cubes; 6 tablespoons Courvoisier or other premium Cognac; 1/4 cup orange curaçao; 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 1 tablespoon Cherry Heering liqueur or other cherry liqueur | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine cherries, kirsch, and sugar in medium bowl; stir to blend. Let stand at room temperature 24 hours, stirring occasionally. (Brandied cherries can be made 2 weeks ahead. Cover and chill.) Place 2 Martini glasses in freezer and chill at least 2 hours. Place 3 brandied cherries in each of 2 chilled glasses; crush cherries with back of spoon. Combine ice cubes, Cognac, orange curaçao, lemon juice, and cherry liqueur in cocktail shaker. Shake well, strain into Martini glasses with cherries, and serve. Combine cherries, kirsch, and sugar in medium bowl; stir to blend. Let stand at room temper <END>
INPUT: American, pick up size, Havarti dill, Gouda Edam cheese, grapes, grape tomatoes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cheese and Summer Sausage | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound pick-up size summer sausage; 1/2 pound Havarti with dill; 1/2 pound Gouda or Edam cheese; 1 pound green or red grapes; 1 pint grape tomatoes | INSTRUCTIONS: Remove casing of sausage and slice in 1/2-inch discs. Leave cheese whole and serve with cheese knife or cube up ahead to pack for a picnic. Serve salami and cheese selections with grapes and grape tomatoes. <END>
INPUT: salad, wine vinegar, sugar, salt, olive oil, canola oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Quick Carrot Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/3 cup red wine vinegar; 1 tablespoon sugar; 1 teaspoon salt; 1/3 cup olive oil; 1/3 cup canola oil; 1 tablespoon spicy brown mustard; 1/4 teaspoon fresh ground black pepper; 4 carrots, peeled and grated; 1 medium red onion, thinly sliced; 3 tablespoons Dressing; Salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: For Dressing: In a glass jar with a tight fitting lid combine the vinegar, sugar and salt. Screw on lid and shake vigorously until the salt and sugar has dissolved. Add the remaining dressing ingredients and shake vigorously until emulsified. Dressing will last up to 3 weeks in the refrigerator. In a medium serving bowl, combine the carrots, onion, and dressing; toss to coat. Taste and season with salt and pepper, if needed. <END>
INPUT: salad, mesclun, goat cheese, mascarpone cheese, chives, cleaned loosely greens, sun cranberries
OUTPUT: TITLE: Salad of Mesclun Greens with Dried Cranberries, Mascarpone Dumplings and Champagne Vinaigrette | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup goat cheese; 1/2 cup mascarpone cheese; 1/4 cup chopped chives; 4 cups cleaned loosely packed greens (such as romaine, red and green leaf lettuce, radicchio, frissee); 1/2 cup sun-dried cranberries; 1 cup cherry or grape tomatoes, cut in 1/2; 1/4 cup Champagne vinegar; 1/2 cup Champagne; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; 2 tablespoons chopped chives; Salt; Freshly ground black pepper; 1 cup grapeseed oil | INSTRUCTIONS: For the dumplings and salad: Mix goat cheese, mascarpone and chives in a bowl. Roll into small "dumplings" and set aside at room temperature. For the Champagne Vinaigrette: Make vinaigrette by mixing together vinegar, Champagne, vanilla, chives, salt, and pepper, in a small bowl. Add oil in a slow stream by whisking constantly. Cut or shred greens into 1/2-inch wide pieces. Combine cheese dumplings, greens, cranberries, and tomatoes and toss with enough vinaigrette to coat. <END>
INPUT: bourguignon, virgin olive oil, bacon, beef chuck round, Kosher salt pepper, tomato paste
OUTPUT: TITLE: Beef Bourguignon | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Extra-virgin olive oil; 4 bacon slices, cut into 3-inch strips; 4 pounds beef chuck or round, cut into 2-inch cubes; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 tablespoon tomato paste; 3 tablespoons all-purpose flour; 1 cup Cognac; 1 bottle dry red wine, such as Burgundy; 5 cups low-sodium beef broth; Bouquet garni (2 fresh rosemary sprigs, 8 fresh thyme sprigs, 2 bay leaves, tied together with kitchen twine or tied in cheesecloth); 3 garlic cloves, chopped; 1 pound white mushrooms, stems trimmed; 3 cups blanched and peeled pearl onions; Pinch sugar; Fresh flat-leaf parsley, chopped, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Put a large Dutch oven over medium heat and drizzle in a 1/2-count of oil. Add the bacon and cook until crisp. Remove it to a paper towel; crumble when cool and set aside to use for the garnish. Season the beef with a generous amount of salt and pepper. Add the beef to the pot in batches. Fry the cubes in the bacon fat until evenly browned on all sides, about 8 to 10 minutes. Remove from the pot to a plate. Add the tomato paste and flour to the pot and stir to combine. Turn off the heat, pour in the Cognac and stir to scrape up the flavorful bits in the bottom of <END>
INPUT: potted, porcinis, beef stock, olive oil, cubed beef chuck, Kosher salt coarse
OUTPUT: TITLE: Potted Beef and Mushrooms | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 ounce dried porcinis, a handful; 4 cups beef stock; 1/4 cup olive oil, plus more as needed; 2 1/2 to 3 pounds cubed beef chuck, room temp, pat dry; Kosher salt and coarse black pepper; 2 tablespoons butter; 2 tablespoons fresh thyme leaves, chopped; 4 large or 5 to 6 medium portabella mushrooms, gilled and cut into 1-inch dice; 4 cloves garlic, crushed; 1 onion, chopped; 1/2 cup dry red wine; 2 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce; 1 cup fresh flat-leaf parsley tops, coarsely chopped; 4 ribs celery, thinly sliced on an angle; 1/2 lemon, juiced | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Place the dried mushrooms in a small pot and cover with half the beef stock. Bring to boil and simmer until very tender and liquids reduce by one-third, 15 minutes. Meanwhile heat the olive oil, a couple turns of the pan, over medium-high heat. Sprinkle the meat with salt and pepper and brown half the meat until evenly crusted all over. Remove the browned meat to a plate. Repeat for the remaining meat, using more oil as needed. Add the butter to the meat drippings and melt. Add the thyme and portabellas, cook until well browned, <END>
INPUT: portobellos, olive oil, balsamic vinegar, Salt pepper, arugula
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Portobellos with Arugula | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 portobellos, stems removed; 3 tablespoons olive oil; 1 tablespoon balsamic vinegar; Salt and pepper; 1 bunch arugula, rinsed and dried; Parmesan shavings | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat outdoor grill or cast iron grill pan. Gently brush off any dirt from caps. In a small bowl whisk together the oil and vinegar and season with salt & pepper. Brush caps with vinegar & oil mixture and place on grill. Cook for 2 minutes per side or until mushroom is tender. Brush occasionally with vinegar and oil. Drizzle remaining vinegar and oil over arugula. Shave parmesan into greens and toss. Slice grilled portobellos and arrange on top of arugula <END>
INPUT: Mexican, daiquiri, pops, lime juice, sugar, rum, grapefruit juice, Twelve ice pop
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lime and Grapefruit Daiquiri Ice Pops | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 cup fresh lime juice; 1 1/4 cups sugar, divided; 1/2 cup white rum, divided; 1 1/2 cups fresh grapefruit juice; Twelve 3-ounce ice-pop molds | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine lime juice, 3/4 cup sugar, 1/4 cup rum, and 1 1/2 cups water in a pitcher or large measuring glass. Stir to dissolve sugar and pour into half of ice-pop molds, dividing evenly. Combine grapefruit juice, remaining 1/2 cup sugar, remaining 1/4 cup rum, and 3/4 cup water in a clean pitcher or large measuring glass. Stir to dissolve sugar and pour into remaining ice-pop molds, dividing evenly. Freeze ice pops 1 hour. Insert sticks and freeze until ice pops are solid, at least 4 hours. Just before serving, dip molds briefly into hot water to release. Combine lime juice, 3/4 cup sugar, 1/4 c <END>
INPUT: grill, wrapped, fish, herbs tarragon, Olive oil, Kosher salt pepper, pancetta center bacon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grill-Roasted Whole Fish Stuffed with Fresh Herbs and Wrapped in Pancetta | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 whole fish, about 1 pound each, cleaned, such as trout, snapper, whitefish, flounder, or bluefish; 1 cup fresh herbs such as tarragon, thyme, marjoram, etc; Olive oil; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper to taste; 1 pound thinly cut pancetta or center-cut bacon | INSTRUCTIONS: Grilling Method: Indirect/Medium Heat Rinse fish and pat dry. Season with salt and pepper inside and out. Place fresh herbs inside cavity of fish. Lightly oil both sides of fish. Wrap seasoned, oiled fish with pancetta or bacon that is thinly sliced and unrolled. Wrap fish loosely, mummy-style, with the pancetta, leaving head and tail exposed. Place fish in center of cooking grate. Cook until opaque, but still moist in thickest part (10 to 15 minutes). Remove from grill. Place fish onto platter and serve immediately. Grilling Method: Indirect/Medium Heat Rinse fish and pat dry. Season with sal <END>
INPUT: Italian, meatballs, Kosher salt pepper, spaghetti, Two tuna oil, breadcrumbs, Parmesan
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spaghetti and Tuna Meatballs | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 pound spaghetti; Two 6-ounce cans tuna packed in oil, drained; 1/2 cup breadcrumbs; 1/4 cup grated Parmesan, plus more for serving; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh flat-leaf parsley; 1 garlic clove; 1 large egg; 1 tablespoon olive oil; 1/2 cup prepared pesto; 1/4 cup heavy cream; Zest and juice of 1 lemon | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add the spaghetti and cook according to the package directions. Reserve 1/4 cup pasta water, then drain the pasta. In the meantime, pulse the tuna, breadcrumbs, Parmesan, parsley, garlic, egg, 1/2 teaspoon salt and 1/4 teaspoon pepper in a food processor until combined. Shape the mixture into balls by the tablespoonful. In a large nonstick skillet, heat the olive oil over medium heat. Brown the meatballs for about 2 minutes per side; remove and set aside. Add the pesto, cream, lemon zest and juice, reserved pasta water and cooked pasta to the skille <END>
INPUT: Indian, sherbet, sugar, water, light corn syrup, salt, cardamom
OUTPUT: TITLE: Hachiya Persimmon Cardamom Sherbet | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 2/3 cup sugar; 2/3 cup water; 2 teaspoons light corn syrup; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 1/8 teaspoon ground cardamom; 2 cups Hachiya persimmon purée; 1 cup whole milk; 1 cup half-and-half; 2 teaspoons fresh lemon juice; Special equipment: an ice cream maker | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring sugar, water, corn syrup, and salt to a boil in a 1 1/2-quart saucepan, stirring until sugar is dissolved, then boil syrup until reduced to 3/4 cup, about 5 minutes. Stir in cardamom and cool completely. Stir together persimmon purée, cardamom syrup, milk, half-and-half, and lemon juice and chill, covered, until cold, at least 3 hours. Freeze mixture in ice cream maker, then transfer to an airtight container and put in freezer to harden. Bring sugar, water, corn syrup, and salt to a boil in a 1 1/2-quart saucepan, stirring until sugar is dissolved, then boil syrup until reduced to 3/4 cu <END>
INPUT: vichyssoise, bulb garlic, olive oil, butter, leeks, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Purple Potato Vichyssoise with Roasted Garlic | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 whole bulb garlic; 1 teaspoon olive oil; 1 tablespoon butter; 2 large leeks, white and light green parts only, coarsely chopped and thoroughly washed; 1 cooking onion, chopped; 3/4 cup dry white wine; 8 purple potatoes, or 4 medium Yukon gold or russet potatoes, peeled and sliced or diced; 6 cups vegetable broth or chicken stock; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/2 teaspoon white pepper; 4 sprigs fresh sage, or 1 tablespoon dried sage; 3 cups whole milk | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Cut off the top 1/4 of the pointy end of the garlic bulb so that all of the cloves are exposed. Drizzle with olive oil, wrap in aluminum foil and bake for about 1 hour, or until the top is browned and the individual cloves are soft throughout. Let cool. Melt the butter in a soup pot over medium-high heat. Add the leek and onion and stir for about 5 minutes, or until they are translucent but not yet brown. Add the wine and cook for 2 more minutes. Add the potatoes and stock. Bring to a boil, then reduce heat to medium-low and simmer for 40 minutes. (Adjust hea <END>
INPUT: Indian, curry, sauce, cauliflower, potatoes, chervil leaves, raisins, olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Stuffed Chicken Breast in Curry Sauce over Roasted Potatoes and Cauliflower | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 1 head cauliflower, separated into small florets; 3 red potatoes, cubed; 1/4 cup chopped fresh chervil leaves; 1/4 cup raisins; 2 tablespoons olive oil; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 cup red grapes; 1 cup walnuts; 3/4 cup dates; 4 boneless, skinless chicken breast halves; 2 cups all-purpose flour; 5 eggs, lightly whisked; 2 cups bread crumbs; 2 teaspoons garlic powder; 2 teaspoons onion powder | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: Plastic wrap Meat mallet Potatoes and cauliflower: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. On a large baking sheet toss together the cauliflower, potatoes, chervil, raisins, olive oil and salt and pepper, to taste. Arrange in a single layer on the baking sheet and roast until the potatoes are tender, about 25 minutes. Remove the potatoes to a bowl and set aside. Chicken: In a blender or food processor, combine the grapes, walnuts and dates and blend until smooth. Put the chicken breasts between 2 sheets of plastic wrap and, using a meat mallet, pound the chicken until evenly flat <END>
INPUT: flour, Salt pepper, Old Bay spice, eggs, Rock fish
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fried Rock Fish | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup flour; Salt and pepper; Old Bay spice seasoning; 2 beaten eggs; 2 Rock fish; 1/4 stick butter; 1/2 cup oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine flour, salt and pepper, seasoning and eggs. Dip fish in mixture. Heat butter and oil in a saute pan and saute fish until crisp on both sides. <END>
INPUT: butternut, squash, borlotti, water, bay leaves, kosher salt, rustic sourdough bread
OUTPUT: TITLE: Butternut Squash and Bean Soup | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound dried borlotti (cranberry or October) beans; 8 cups water; 2 bay leaves; 2 tablespoons kosher salt; 2 cups rustic or sourdough bread cubes (1/2-inch, crusts removed); 3 unpeeled garlic cloves, smashed; 1/4 teaspoon salt; Pinch of freshly ground black pepper; 1 tablespoon olive oil; 1 teaspoon chopped fresh sage leaves; 1/4 cup plus 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1 cup diced (1/2-inch) onion; 1 cup diced (1/2-inch) carrots; 1 cup sliced celery (stalks cut in half lengthwise and then cut into 1/2-inch slices); 1 cup diced (1/2-inch) parsnip | INSTRUCTIONS: Soak the beans overnight, or for at least 6 hours, in enough cold water to cover. Drain and transfer to a large pot or Dutch oven. Add the water and bay leaves. Bring to a boil, reduce the heat, and simmer, covered, until almost tender, 45 to 50 minutes. Add 1 tablespoon of the salt and cook 10 more minutes. Make the croutons: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Spread the bread cubes on a baking sheet and bake until golden brown, 5 to 10 minutes. Transfer the cubes to a large bowl and toss with the garlic, salt, pepper, oil, and sage. Let stand 30 minutes. Meanwhile, heat the oil in a second l <END>
INPUT: salad, Bibb lettuce, button mushrooms, radishes, bulb fennel, virgin olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fennel, Radish and Chive Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 head Bibb lettuce (Boston lettuce); 4 large white button mushrooms, brushed clean (about 5 ounces); 4 large red radishes, trimmed; 1 small bulb fennel, top trimmed; 6 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 2 1/2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh chives; Zest of 1 large lemon; 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt; 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Tear the lettuce into approximately 1-inch pieces and place in a large bowl. Cut the mushrooms, fennel and radishes into 1/8-inch-thick slices using a knife or a mandoline. Add to the bowl with the lettuce. Whisk the oil, lemon juice, chives, lemon zest, salt and pepper in a small bowl to blend. Add the dressing to the salad and toss to blend. Divide the salad among 4 plates and serve. <END>
INPUT: American, breakfast, whipped cream cheese, curd cottage cheese, confectioners' sugar, waffles, jam
OUTPUT: TITLE: Breakfast Grilled Cheese | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1/3 cup whipped cream cheese; 1/4 cup small-curd cottage cheese; 2 tablespoons confectioners' sugar, plus more for topping; 4 frozen waffles (untoasted); 1 to 2 tablespoons jam (any flavor); 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, plus more if needed; Ground cinnamon, for topping | INSTRUCTIONS: Mix the cream cheese, cottage cheese and confectioners' sugar in a medium bowl. Spread 2 waffles with the jam, then top with the cream cheese mixture; cover with the remaining 2 waffles. Melt the butter in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Add the sandwiches and cook until golden and crisp, about 3 minutes per side, adding more butter to the pan if needed. (Adjust the heat if the waffles are browning too quickly.) Let the sandwiches rest 1 minute before serving. Sprinkle with confectioners' sugar and cinnamon. Photograph by Sam Kaplan <END>
INPUT: American, galettes, milk, egg yolks, egg, all purpose flour
OUTPUT: TITLE: Asparagus, Prosciutto, and Goat Cheese Galettes | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup milk; 6 tablespoons (3/4 stick) unsalted butter, melted and cooled; 3 large egg yolks; 1 large whole egg; 2 cups all-purpose flour; 1 3/4 teaspoons salt; 3 tablespoons chopped fresh chives; 2 medium onions, chopped; 1 tablespoon olive oil; 1 tablespoon unsalted butter; 1/2 pound thin or medium asparagus (about 15 spears, 1/4 to 1/2-inch thick), trimmed; 1/4 pound thinly sliced prosciutto, cut crosswise into thin slices; 1/3 cup soft mild goat cheese (about 4 ounces) room temperature | INSTRUCTIONS: To prepare the galette rounds: In bowl whisk together milk, butter, yolks, and whole egg. In another bowl whisk together flour, salt, and chives and stir into milk mixture until just combined. On a lightly floured surface with floured hands knead dough about 8 times, or until just smooth. Wrap dough in plastic wrap and chill for 1 hour. Preheat oven to 450 degrees F. Divide dough into 4 pieces. On a lightly floured surface with a floured rolling pin roll out each piece into an 8-inch round. Transfer rounds to 2 baking sheets and crimp edges decoratively. Chill dough 10 minutes and bake in midd <END>
INPUT: ancho chilies, distilled vinegar, garlic, oregano
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chili-Marinated Pork Chops | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 dried ancho chilies; 2 tablespoons white distilled vinegar; 2 garlic cloves; 2 whole cloves; 1/2 teaspoon ground oregano; 1/4 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1/4 teaspoon dried thyme; 4 4-ounce boneless pork loin chops; 1 tablespoon vegetable oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat heavy large skillet over medium heat; add chilies. Using spatula, press down on chilies until beginning to soften and darken, about 2 minutes per side. Transfer chilies to work surface; cool. Cut chilies in half lengthwise; remove seeds and stems and discard. Place in bowl. Add enough boiling water to cover; let stand until chilies soften, about 1 hour. Drain chilies, reserving 1/2 cup soaking liquid. Place chilies in blender. Add vinegar, garlic, cloves, oregano, cinnamon, thyme and reserved soaking liquid. Blend until smooth paste forms, about 2 minutes. Arrange pork in shallow dish. Sp <END>
INPUT: Indian, cakes, chutney, cubes cored pineapple, mango, sugar, wine vinegar, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sweet Potato Cakes with Mango-Pineapple Chutney | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/3 cups 1/3-inch cubes peeled cored fresh pineapple; 1/2 large mango, peeled, cut into 1/3-inch cubes (2/3 cup); 1/2 cup sugar; 6 tablespoons white wine vinegar; 2 garlic cloves, pressed; 1 teaspoon ground cumin; 1 teaspoon cumin seeds; 4 whole cloves; 1/2 teaspoon sea salt; 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 1 8-ounce red-skinned sweet potato (yam); 1 8-ounce russet potato; 3 tablespoons grated onion; 2 large eggs, beaten to blend; 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh cilantro plus sprigs for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: For chutney: Combine all ingredients in heavy medium saucepan. Simmer over medium heat 15 minutes, stirring occasionally. Remove from heat and set aside. Combine all ingredients in heavy medium saucepan. Simmer over medium heat 15 minutes, stirring occasionally. Remove from heat and set aside. For potato cakes: Heat oven to 300°F. Peel both potatoes and coarsely grate into medium bowl. Place grated potatoes and onion in clean cloth and squeeze out excess liquid. Place potatoes and onion in large bowl. Add eggs, chopped cilantro, flour, curry powder, and sea salt; mix to incorporate evenly. Lin <END>
INPUT: American, buttered, virgin olive oil, skinned onions, roasted peppers, Salt pepper, handful flat leaf
OUTPUT: TITLE: Garlic-Buttered Sliced Steak with Onions | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, 3 turns of the pan; 2 large yellow skinned onions, thinly sliced; 2 roasted red peppers, drained well and thinly sliced; Salt and pepper; A generous handful flat-leaf parsley, finely chopped; 4 (1-inch) thick slices from a round loaf of good quality semolina bread, from the center of the loaf; 4 tablespoons butter; 4 cloves garlic, finely chopped; 4 (12 ounce) NY strip steaks | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat broiler. Heat extra-virgin olive oil in a medium skillet over medium-low to medium heat, then add onions and roasted peppers, season with salt and pepper and cook gently until soft but not caramelized, 12 to 15 minutes. Stir in parsley. Heat a large skillet or a cast iron griddle to high. Toast the bread under broiler and reserve. Melt butter in a small saucepan over low heat, add garlic. Remove pan from the heat and set aside until the steaks are cooked. Season 1 side of the steaks with salt and pepper and place seasoned side down in the hot skillet or griddle.. Cook 3 minutes until t <END>
INPUT: spiced, mixed shelled nuts, peanut oil, sugar, Chinese five spice, kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spiced Nuts | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound mixed shelled nuts, such as almonds, cashews, peanuts, etc; 2 tablespoons peanut oil; 2 teaspoons sugar; 1 teaspoon Chinese five-spice powder; 1 teaspoon kosher salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Toss the nuts with the oil, sugar, Chinese five-spice powder and salt. Lay the nuts in an even layer in a baking dish. Bake until lightly browned, stirring every 5 minutes or so to make sure the nuts cook evenly, 15 to 20 minutes. <END>
INPUT: Asian, stir, Asian sesame oil, yams, size onion, chicken cutlets, ginger
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken Stir-fry with Yams, Red Cabbage, and Hoisin | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons Asian sesame oil, divided; 2 yams (red-skinned sweet potatoes; about 1 pound), peeled, cut crosswise into 1/3-inch-thick rounds, then cut into 1/3-inch-wide strips; 1 medium-size red onion, cut lengthwise into 1/3-inch-thick slices; 8 ounces skinless boneless chicken cutlets, cut crosswise into 1/4-inch-wide strips; 1 tablespoon minced peeled fresh ginger; 3 garlic cloves, minced; 4 cups 1/3-inch-thick strips sliced red cabbage (about 1/4 medium head); 3 tablespoons hoisin sauce; 3/4 cup chopped fresh cilantro | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat 1 tablespoon sesame oil in large nonstick skillet over medium-high heat. Add yams and onion; stir-fry until yams are just tender, adjusting heat if browning too quickly and adding water by tablespoonfuls if mixture is dry, about 12 minutes. Sprinkle chicken with salt and pepper. Add remaining 1 tablespoon oil to skillet. Add chicken, ginger, and garlic; stir-fry 1 minute. Add cabbage; stirfry until chicken is cooked through and cabbage is wilted but still slightly crunchy, 2 to 3 minutes. Stir in hoisin sauce. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Mix in 1/2 cup cilantro. Transfer stir-fr <END>
INPUT: moist, salmon steaks fillets, Salt, water combination water, coriander seeds, Bay leaf
OUTPUT: TITLE: Moist Poached Salmon | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 salmon steaks or fillets (8 ounces each); Salt; 2 to 3 cups of water or a combination of water and dry white wine; 1/2 teaspoon whole coriander seeds; Bay leaf | INSTRUCTIONS: Arrange salmon in a single layer in a skillet that is 2 inches deep. Season with salt. Add enough water and wine to completely cover the salmon; add coriander seeds and bay leaf. Slowly bring liquid barely to a simmer. Reduce heat to low, cover the skillet and simmer for 3 to 4 minutes or until the salmon looks opaque. Turn heat off and let stand covered for 10 minutes or until you are done eating your greens. <END>
INPUT: panini, French bread, raspberry preserves, raspberries, bittersweet chocolate
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate-Raspberry Panini with Mascarpone | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup (1/2 stick) unsalted butter, room temperature; 8 4 x 3 x 1/2-inch slices French bread; 4 tablespoons raspberry preserves; 32 fresh raspberries; 4 ounces bittersweet chocolate (do not exceed 61% cacao), coarsely chopped; 6 tablespoons mascarpone cheese; 8 teaspoons (packed) golden brown sugar; Ingredient info: Mascarpone cheese is an Italian cream cheese that's sold at many supermarkets and at Italian markets | INSTRUCTIONS: Prepare barbecue (medium heat). Butter 1 side of each bread slice. Arrange 4 bread slices, buttered side down, on baking sheet; spread each with 1 tablespoon preserves. Arrange 8 berries over preserves on each slice. Sprinkle chocolate evenly over each, leaving 1/2-inch border. Spread mascarpone over plain side of remaining 4 bread slices, leaving 1/2-inch border. Place bread slices, mascarpone side down, atop each chocolate-topped bread slice. Sprinkle buttered side of sandwiches with 1 teaspoon brown sugar; press lightly to adhere. Grill each sandwich until chocolate melts and bread is golde <END>
INPUT: Italian, pizzaiola, veal, olive oil, Salt pepper, garlic, tomatoes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Veal Pizzaiola | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 2 thin slices of veal (Leg cut); 1/4 cup olive oil, plus 2 tablespoons; Salt and black pepper; 3 garlic cloves, crushed and finely chopped; 1 1/2 pounds tomatoes, skinned and chopped; Sprig fresh oregano or 1/2 teaspoon dried; 2 teaspoons Worcestershire sauce; 2 thin slices mozzarella cheese; 1 tablespoon finely chopped parsley; Freshly grated Parmesan cheese | INSTRUCTIONS: Beat veal slices until very thin - remove sinew from side if meat. Place 1/4 cup of olive oil into a heated pan, add the veal slices seasoned with salt and pepper and then lower heat under pan and lightly fry on both sides. Place 2 tablespoons of olive oil into a separate pan on the heat and add the garlic, fry gently and then add the tomatoes. Season with salt and pepper and add oregano. Reduce heat and cook slowly for a few minutes. Add the meat juices to the tomato sauce and the Worcestershire sauce. Place a slice of mozzarella cheese on each veal slice and using a perforated spoon place th <END>
INPUT: iced, orange pekoe tea, water, fennel seeds, plums, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Plum Fennel Iced Tea | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 orange pekoe tea bags; 6 cups water; 1 1/2 tablespoons fennel seeds; 4 plums (about 1 pound), pitted and cut into 1/2-inch pieces; 1 1/3 cups sugar; 1 1/4 cups water; Garnish: plum slices | INSTRUCTIONS: Put tea bags in a quart-size glass measure or heatproof bowl. In a saucepan brings 4 cups water just to a boil and pour over tea bags. Steep tea 5 minutes and remove tea bags. Cool tea and chill, covered, until cold, about 1 hour. While tea is cooling, in saucepan stir together fennel seeds, plums, and remaining 2 cups water and boil 5 minutes. Strain mixture through a sieve into a heatproof pitcher, pressing hard on solids. Cool mixture and chill, covered, until cold, about 1 hour. Stir in tea and syrup. Serve tea over ice in tall glasses and garnish with plum slices. Put tea bags in a quart- <END>
INPUT: raspberry, sauce, sifted cake flour, baking powder, baking soda, salt, unsalted butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Yogurt Cake with Currant Raspberry Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 cups sifted cake flour (not self-rising; sift before measuring); 2 teaspoons baking powder; 1 teaspoons baking soda; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 2 sticks unsalted butter, softened; 2 cups granulated sugar; 2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract; 3 large eggs, warmed in shell in warm water 10 minutes; 2 cups well-stirred plain whole-milk yogurt (not Greek-style) atroom temperature 30 minutes; 2 cups fresh red currants (1/2 pound), stemmed; 4 cups fresh raspberries (16 ounces), divided; 2/3 cup granulated sugar room temperature 30 minutes; 3 cups confectioners sugar; 3 tablespoons light corn syrup; 1/2 cup heavy cream | INSTRUCTIONS: Make cake: Preheat oven to 350°F with rack in middle. Butter cake pan, then line bottom with a rectangle of parchment paper and butter parchment. Dust with flour, knocking out excess. Sift together cake flour, baking powder, baking soda, and salt. Beat together butter, sugar, and vanilla with an electric mixer at high speed until pale and fluffy, 3 to 5 minutes. Beat in eggs, 1 at a time, at medium speed. At low speed, mix in flour mixture in 3 batches, alternating with yogurt, beginning and ending with flour mixture, and mixing until just combined. Spread batter evenly in pan and rap pan on c <END>
INPUT: fruits, flour, cornstarch, eggs, ice water, Granny Smith apples
OUTPUT: TITLE: Honey Candied Fruits | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup flour; 1/2 cup cornstarch; 2 eggs, lightly beaten; 1 1/4 cups ice water; 2 large firm Granny Smith apples; 1 slightly unripe pear; 2 bananas, firm but ripe; Juice of 1 lemon; 6 to 8 cups peanut oil for deep-frying; 1/4 cup honey; 1/4 cup Grand Marnier, Cointreau or Triple Sec; 1 1/2 cups sugar; 1/2 cup water; 2 tablespoons sesame seeds | INSTRUCTIONS: In a bowl, combine the flour and cornstarch. Slowly add the beaten egg and ice water into the flour mixture, stirring constantly with a wooden spoon until smooth and evenly combined. Refrigerate batter for 20 minutes. Peel the apples and pear, cut into eighths, and cut away the cores. Cut each banana crosswise into 6 sections, about 1 inch thick. Squeeze the lemon juice over the fruit to prevent them from turning brown. Arrange the fruit, batter, oil, and caramel ingredients within easy reach. Set out a large bowl of iced water, and a large lightly greased serving platter. Heat a wok or large  <END>
INPUT: sauce, bottled clam juice, wine, crème fraîche whipping, dill
OUTPUT: TITLE: Dill Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2/3 cup bottled clam juice; 1/2 cup dry white wine; 1 1/4 cups crème fraîche or whipping cream; 3 tablespoons minced fresh dill | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine clam juice and wine in heavy small nonaluminum saucepan. Boil until reduced to 1/3 cup, about 9 minutes. Reduce heat to medium. Whisk in crème fraîche. Boil until reduced to 1 cup, about 5 minutes. Remove from heat. Stir in dill. Season with salt and pepper. If crème fraîche is unavailable, heat 1 cup whipping cream to lukewarm (85°F). Remove from heat and mix in 2 tablespoons buttermilk. Cover and let stand in warm draft-free area until slightly thickened (24 to 48 hours, depending on temperature of room). Refrigerate until ready to use. Combine clam juice and wine in heavy small nona <END>
INPUT: Italian, mild Italian sausage, Spanish onion, olive oil, wine, spinach leaves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Portobello Stuffed with Sausage, Spinach and Smoked Mozzarella | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 pound mild Italian sausage; 1 medium Spanish onion, sliced; 6 tablespoons olive oil; 1/2 cup dry red wine; 8 ounces fresh spinach leaves, stems removed and coarsely chopped; 1/2 cup water; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 4 tablespoons chopped fresh basil leaves; 4 tablespoons chopped fresh flat-leaf parsley; 12 ounces fresh smoked mozzarella, cut into small cubes; 4 large portobello mushrooms, stems removed; 2 plum tomatoes, thinly sliced | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat grill to medium-high heat. Brush sausages and onion slices with olive oil and place on the grill. Cook until browned on all sides. Put the sausage and onion into a saute pan, add the wine and cook until the wine is completely reduced. While the wine is reducing, break up the sausage into small pieces. Add the spinach, 1/2 cup of water and season with salt and pepper. Cook until the spinach has wilted, about 2 minutes. Remove from the heat and stir in the 2 tablespoons of the basil, 2 tablespoons of the parsley and the cheese and let cool slightly. Heat the grill to high. Brush the mush <END>
INPUT: water, tea bags, Rind from lemon, mint leaves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sun Tea with Mint | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 cups water; 4 black tea bags; Rind from 1 lemon; 1/4 cup fresh mint leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine water, tea bags, rind, and mint leaves in a glass pitcher and set in sun for 6 to 8 hours. (No time? Boil water, add ingredients and steep for 5 minutes.) Refrigerate until chilled and serve over ice; garnish with a sprig of fresh mint. Combine water, tea bags, rind, and mint leaves in a glass pitcher and set in sun for 6 to 8 hours. (No time? Boil water, add ingredients and steep for 5 minutes.) Refrigerate until chilled and serve over ice; garnish with a sprig of fresh mint. <END>
INPUT: avocado, cocktails, ketchup, horseradish, lemon juice, Worcestershire sauce, hot sauce
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lobster Avocado Cocktails | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup ketchup; 2 tablespoons horseradish; 2 tablespoons lemon juice; 1 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce; Dash hot sauce; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 cup mayonnaise; 2 tablespoons capers, minced; 2 tablespoons minced cornichons; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley; 2 lemons, zest and juice; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 3 tablespoons finely chopped red onion; 2 tablespoons fresh lime juice; Four 1-pound lobsters, cooked, cleaned, cut into 1-inch pieces, reserve 4 claws for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: For the cocktail sauce: In a small mixing bowl, combine the ketchup, horseradish, lemon juice, Worcestershire sauce and hot sauce. Season with salt and pepper. Refrigerate until ready to use. For the remoulade: Whisk together the mayonnaise, capers, cornichons, parsley and lemon zest and juice in a small mixing bowl. Season with salt and pepper. Refrigerate until ready to use. For the salad: In a medium mixing bowl, add the onions and lime juice. Let stand for a few minutes. Add the lobster meat, avocados and cilantro. Mix together well and season with salt and pepper. Divide the shredded roma <END>
INPUT: hash, olive oil, cubes skinned sweet, cubes ham, onion, Dijon mustard horseradish
OUTPUT: TITLE: Ham and Sweet Potato Hash with Fried Eggs | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 tablespoons olive oil, divided; 2 1/2 cups 1/3-inch cubes peeled red-skinned sweet potato (yam); 2 cups 1/2-inch cubes ham; 1 large white onion, chopped (about 1 1/2 cups); 1/4 cup Dijon mustard with horseradish; 2 cups coarsely chopped watercress tops plus 4 sprigs for garnish; 4 large eggs | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat 3 tablespoons oil in large nonstick skillet over medium-high heat. Add yam cubes; cover and cook 5 minutes. Mix in ham, onion, and mustard. Cover and cook until yam is tender and bottom of hash begins to brown, about 8 minutes. Sprinkle with pepper. Using spatula, turn hash over in portions and press to compact. Cook uncovered until golden, turning and pressing occasionally, about 10 minutes longer. Stir in chopped watercress until wilted, about 1 minute. Meanwhile, heat remaining 1 tablespoon oil in another large nonstick skillet over medium-high heat. Crack eggs into skillet and cook un <END>
INPUT: American, lovers, soup, garlic, sized onion, water, salt, thyme
OUTPUT: TITLE: Garlic Lovers' Soup with Cheese and White Wine: Billomoise | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 20 whole cloves garlic, unpeeled; 1 medium-sized onion, halved; 2 quarts water; 1 teaspoon salt; 2 or 3 fresh thyme sprigs; 1 bay leaf; 6 croutes (see Cook's Note); 1/4 pound Cantal cheese, grated; 1/4 pound unsalted butter, at room temperature; 1 tablespoon all-purpose flour; 2 egg yolks, at room temperature; 1 to 2 cups fruity white wine, at room temperature | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Place the unpeeled garlic cloves in a mortar and crush them with a pestle, or put them in a small plastic bag and pound them with a rolling pin. Put the garlic, skins and all, in a heavy 4-quart soup pot and add the onion, water, salt, thyme, and bay leaf. Bring to a boil, reduce the heat to low, partially cover, and simmer slowly for 30 minutes. Preheat the oven to 250 degrees F. While the garlic simmers, place the croutes on baking sheet and sprinkle with the grated Cantal cheese. Reserve. Place 6 soup plates in the oven to heat. Put the butter in a bowl and ma <END>
INPUT: Mexican, cheeseburger, GOYA® Mayonnaise, chipotle pepper from, GOYA Garlic, cilantro, GOYA Adobo All
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chipotle Cheeseburger | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup GOYA® Mayonnaise; 1 chipotle pepper from 1 can (12 oz.) GOYA Chipotle Peppers in Adobo Sauce, finely chopped, plus 1/4 cup chipotle sauce from can; 3 tbsp. GOYA Minced Garlic, divided; 1 tbsp. finely chopped fresh cilantro; GOYA Adobo All-Purpose Seasoning, to taste; 2 lbs. ground beef (80% lean); 1 tsp. GOYA Vegetable Oil; 6 slices cheddar cheese; 6 hamburger buns; 6 1/4"-slices red onions; 6 1/2"-slices tomatoes; 6 lettuce leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. In medium bowl, stir together mayonnaise, 1 tbsp. chipotle sauce, 1 tsp. garlic, cilantro and Adobo; cover and refrigerate until ready to use. 2. In large bowl, gently mix together beef, chopped chipotle, 3 tbsp. chipotle sauce, remaining garlic and Adobo until combined. Divide meat into 6 portions; form into 1"-thick patties. (Take care not to over-handle meat or else it will toughen). 3. Prepare grill to medium-high heat, grease with oil (or heat oil in medium skillet over medium-high heat). Cook burgers, flipping once, until charred and cooked to desired doneness (about 12 minutes total  <END>
INPUT: sauce, uncooked shrimp, Creole Cajun seasoning, vegetable oil, andouille sausage, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Andouille Sausage and Shrimp with Creole Mustard Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound uncooked peeled deveined large shrimp; 1 tablespoon Creole or Cajun seasoning*; 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, divided; 1 pound andouille sausage, cut crosswise on diagonal into 3/4-inch-thick pieces; 1 large onion, halved, thinly sliced; 1 large red bell pepper, cut into 1/3-inch-wide strips; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh thyme; 1 cup low-salt chicken broth; 5 tablespoons Creole mustard (such as Zatarain's); 2 teaspoons red wine vinegar; *Available in the spice section of most supermarkets | INSTRUCTIONS: Toss shrimp with Creole seasoning in medium bowl to coat. Heat 1 tablespoon oil in heavy large skillet over high heat. Add sausage pieces, cut side down. Cook until browned on both sides, about 5 minutes. Transfer sausage to bowl. Add shrimp to skillet; cook until browned and just opaque in center, about 3 minutes. Transfer to bowl with sausage. Add remaining 1 tablespoon oil, onion, bell pepper, and thyme to skillet. Sauté until vegetables are beginning to soften, about 5 minutes. Add broth, mustard, and vinegar. Stir until sauce thickens, about 2 minutes. Return sausage and shrimp to skillet <END>
INPUT: carpaccio, fingerling potatoes, Kosher salt, crumbled gorgonzola dolce, parmesan cheese, Greek yogurt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roast Beef Carpaccio with Gorgonzola Potato Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound fingerling potatoes, halved lengthwise; Kosher salt; 1 cup crumbled gorgonzola dolce cheese (4 ounces); 3 tablespoons grated parmesan cheese; 2 tablespoons 2% Greek yogurt; 1 clove garlic; Freshly ground pepper; 1 9-ounce package Italian salad blend (8 cups); 1/4 cup jarred Peppadew peppers, drained and roughly chopped; 2 tablespoons roughly chopped fresh parsley; 12 ounces deli-sliced rare roast beef | INSTRUCTIONS: Put the potatoes in a medium pot of cold salted water. Bring to a boil over medium heat and cook until fork-tender, about 15 minutes. Drain and rinse under cold water; transfer to a large bowl. Pulse 1/2 cup gorgonzola, the parmesan, yogurt, garlic and 1/4 cup water in a blender or mini food processor until smooth; season with salt and pepper. Add half of the dressing to the potatoes along with the salad blend, Peppadews and parsley; toss. Arrange the roast beef on four plates. Serve the salad on the side, topped with the remaining dressing and 1/2 cup gorgonzola. Photograph by Charles Masters <END>
INPUT: lentils, virgin olive oil, Swiss chard leaves, mashed garlic, cilantro
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lentils with Lemon | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cups dried green or brown lentils, picked over and rinsed; 1/4 cup extra virgin olive oil; 5 large Swiss chard leaves, washed well, stems removed and sliced into thin strips crosswise; 2 tablespoons mashed garlic (about 8 large garlic cloves); 3/4 cup finely chopped cilantro (leaves from 1 to 2 bunches); 1 cup water; 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice; 2 tablespoons pomegranate molasses | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring a pot of lightly salted water to a boil and cook the lentils until tender, 20 to 45 minutes. Check often because the cooking time varies depending on the age of the lentils. Drain and set aside. In a medium-size non-reactive skillet, heat 1 tablespoon of the olive oil over medium-high heat, then cook the Swiss chard until it wilts, 1 to 2 minutes. Remove and drain off any liquid. Set aside. In the same skillet heat the remaining 3 tablespoons olive oil over medium-high heat. Add the garlic and cilantro and cook until sizzling, 1 to 2 minutes, stirring constantly. Reduce the heat to mediu <END>
INPUT: vinaigrette, water, string beans, shallot, Dijon mustard, sherry vinegar
OUTPUT: TITLE: String Beans in Vinaigrette | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 5 cups water; 1/4 pound string beans, ends snipped; 1 medium shallot, halved and finely chopped; 1 heaping tablespoon Dijon mustard; 1 teaspoon sherry vinegar; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; Extra-virgin olive oil, for serving, optional | INSTRUCTIONS: Place 5 cups of water to boil with salt, once the water has reached a rolling boil, remove from the heat and add the string beans to the water for about 5 minutes. Strain the string beans through a colander and run under cold water. In a large bowl, whisk the shallots, mustard and vinegar together. Add the string beans and some salt and pepper and toss to combine. Serve chilled or at room temperature, drizzled with a little extra-virgin olive oil, if you like. <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, gravy, Four pork chops, Kosher salt pepper, garlic, olive oil, rosemary
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pork Chops with Pineapple Gravy and Mexican Couscous | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: Four 4-ounce boneless pork chops, about 1/2-inch thick; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 5 cloves garlic, finely minced; 2 tablespoons plus 1 teaspoon olive oil; 2 teaspoons finely chopped rosemary, from 1 sprig; 2 teaspoons finely minced thyme leaves, from 1 large sprig; 1 cup pineapple juice; 1/3 cup dry white wine; 1 pound fresh pearl onions, peeled, or frozen, thawed and drained; 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, softened; 1 tablespoon all-purpose flour; Mexican Couscous, recipe follows; 1 tablespoon unsalted butter; 1 cup dried couscous; 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh cilantro | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Generously sprinkle the pork chops on both sides with salt and pepper. In a medium bowl, stir together the garlic, 2 tablespoons of the olive oil, the rosemary and thyme until combined. Rub the mixture evenly on both sides of the pork chops and let stand for 5 minutes. Heat the remaining 1 teaspoon oil in a large heavy skillet over medium-high heat. Sear the pork chops on each side until golden brown, about 4 minutes per side. Reduce the heat to medium, add the pineapple juice, wine and pearl onions. Cover and simmer until the pork chops are cooked through, about <END>
INPUT: Asian, olive oil, onion, ginger, vinegar, adobo barbecue sauce
OUTPUT: TITLE: Swordfish with Ginger Bbq Sauce | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon olive oil; 1/2 medium onion, diced; 2 tablespoons grated fresh ginger; 1/4 cup white vinegar; 1 cup adobo or barbecue sauce; 2 tablespoons brown sugar; 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 2 pounds swordfish, cut into 1 1/2inch thick steaks; Olive oil for brushing fish; Coarse salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat the oil in a skillet over medium low heat. Saute the onions until soft, about 5 to 7 minutes. Add the ginger and cook for 1 minute to release the aromas. Add the vinegar and simmer to reduce by half. Add barbecue sauce, brown sugar and pepper and simmer, stirring occasionally, until sauce thickens, about 15 minutes. Place the sauce in a blender and puree. Heat a grill. Brush swordfish steaks with olive oil and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Grill fish about 7 minutes, brushing with ginger barbecue sauce. Turn, brush with barbecue sauce and grill another 3 minutes, or until cooked through. <END>
INPUT: American, cake, icing, baking soda, cinnamon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Persimmon Cake with Cream Cheese Icing | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 cup (120 g) dried currants; 1/4 cup (60 ml) brandy or whiskey; 2 cups (280 g) all-purpose flour; 2 teaspoons baking soda; 1 1/2 teaspoons ground cinnamon; 3/4 teaspoon salt; 1/2 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg; 1 2/3 cups (355 g) granulated sugar; 3/4 cup (6 ounces/170 g) unsalted butter, melted; 1 1/2 cups (375 ml) persimmon purée; 3 large eggs, at room temperature; 2 teaspoons vanilla extract; 1 1/2 cups (150 g) walnuts or pecans, toasted and finely chopped; 4 ounces (115 g) cream cheese; 1 tablespoon salted butter, at room temperature | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350°F (175°C). Coat a 10-cup (2.5-liter) Bundt cake or tube pan with butter or nonstick cooking spray. To make the cake, in a small saucepan over medium heat, bring the currants and brandy or whiskey to a boil. Remove from the heat, cover, and let cool. Into a large bowl, sift together the flour, baking soda, cinnamon, salt, and nutmeg. Stir in the granulated sugar. In a medium bowl, mix together the 3/4 cup (6 ounces/170 g) melted butter, persimmon purée, eggs, and 2 teaspoons vanilla. Make a well in the center of the flour mixture, add the persimmon mixture, and gently st <END>
INPUT: Asian, vegetarian, flat rice noodles, tamarind, boiling hot water, light soy sauce, light sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Vegetarian Pad Thai | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 12 ounces dried flat rice noodles (1/4 inch wide; sometimes called pad Thai or banh pho); 3 tablespoons tamarind (from a pliable block); 1 cup boiling-hot water; 1/2 cup light soy sauce; 1/4 cup packed light brown sugar; 2 tablespoons Sriracha (Southeast Asian chile sauce); 1 bunch scallions; 4 large shallots; 1 (14- to 16-ounce) package firm tofu; 1 1/2 cups peanut or vegetable oil; 6 large eggs; 4 garlic cloves, finely chopped; 2 cups bean sprouts (1/4 pound); 1/2 cup roasted peanuts, coarsely chopped; Equipment: an adjustable-blade slicer; a well-seasoned 14-inch flat-bottomed wok | INSTRUCTIONS: Soak noodles in a large bowl of warm water until softened, 25 to 30 minutes. Drain well in a colander and cover with a dampened paper towel. Meanwhile, make sauce by soaking tamarind pulp in boiling-hot water in a small bowl, stirring occasionally, until softened, about 5 minutes. Force mixture through a sieve into a bowl, discarding seeds and fibers. Add soy sauce, brown sugar, and Sriracha, stirring until sugar has dissolved. Cut scallions into 2-inch pieces. Halve pale green and white parts lengthwise. Cut shallots crosswise into very thin slices with slicer. Rinse tofu, then cut into 1-inc <END>
INPUT: foster, lemon juice, bananas, dark sugar, unsalted butter, cinnamon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Bananas Foster | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon lemon juice; 2 bananas, halved lengthwise; 1/2 cup dark brown sugar; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1/4 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1/4 cup dark rum; 1 pint vanilla ice cream, for serving | INSTRUCTIONS: Squeeze the lemon juice over the bananas. Melt the brown sugar and butter in a medium skillet over medium-high heat. Place the bananas in the skillet cut-side down and saute, flipping carefully once color has developed on one side. Sprinkle the cinnamon over the bananas. Remove the skillet from the heat and add the rum. Carefully ignite with the flame from the stove or a match. As the flames begin to subside, carefully spoon the sauce over the bananas. Prepare 4 serving dishes with a large scoop of vanilla ice cream. Top with a banana slice and generously spoon the sauce on top. Serve right aw <END>
INPUT: American, cheese, quesadillas, wheat flour tortillas, honey mustard, Monterey Jack, smoked turkey breast, Mcintosh apple
OUTPUT: TITLE: Smoked Turkey, Apple and Cheese Quesadillas | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 4 whole-wheat flour tortillas (8 inches across); 4 teaspoons prepared honey mustard; 1/2 cup shredded Monterey Jack; 4 ounces smoked turkey breast deli meat; 1 Mcintosh apple, thinly sliced; 1 cup shredded reduced-fat cheddar | INSTRUCTIONS: 1.Lay out tortillas and spread each with 1 teaspoon honey mustard. Place 1 tortilla, mustard side up, in a large nonstick skillet over medium heat. Top one half with 1/8 cup Monterey Jack cheese, 1 ounce turkey breast, 1/4 of the apple slices and 1/4 cup cheddar. Fold tortilla in half over ingredients and gently press. Cook 3 minutes. Flip and cook until both sides are golden and cheese is oozing slightly, about 2 minutes more. Remove quesadilla from skillet and slice into thirds. Repeat with remaining tortillas. 1.Lay out tortillas and spread each with 1 teaspoon honey mustard. Place 1 tortil <END>
INPUT: hash, unsalted butter, olive oil, Yukon Gold potatoes, winter squash, Kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pastrami and Potato Hash with Fried Eggs | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 tablespoons unsalted butter; 4 tablespoons olive oil, divided; 1 1/2 pounds Yukon Gold potatoes (about 4 large), scrubbed, cut into 1" pieces; 1/2 pound winter squash (such as acorn, butternut, or kabocha), peeled, cut into 1" pieces; Kosher salt, freshly ground pepper; 2 leeks, white and pale-green parts only, chopped; 1 garlic clove, chopped; 1 pound pastrami or any leftover braised meat, cut or shredded into bite-size pieces; 4 large eggs; 1/4 cup sliced chives; 3/4 cup sour cream (optional) | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat butter and 2 Tbsp. oil in a large skillet over medium-high. Add potatoes and winter squash and season with salt and pepper. Cook, stirring occasionally, until vegetables are tender, 25–30 minutes. Add leeks and garlic to hash and season with salt and pepper. Using the back of a spoon or a spatula, lightly smash vegetables. Add pastrami and cook, stirring occasionally, until meat is warmed through and flavors have melded, 10–12 minutes. Heat remaining 2 Tbsp. oil in a medium skillet over medium-high. Carefully crack eggs into skillet one at a time and season with salt and pepper. Cook unti <END>
INPUT: cold, soup, hard boiled egg, rice vinegar, sour cream, seedless cucumber, mint leaves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cold Cucumber Soup with Mint | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 hard-boiled large egg yolk; 1 tablespoon rice vinegar; 1/2 cup chilled sour cream; 1 chilled seedless cucumber (about 1 pound), peeled, halved lengthwise, cored, and cut into 1/2- inch pieces; 1/4 cup fresh mint leaves, washed and spun dry; 1/2 cup chilled well-shaken buttermilk | INSTRUCTIONS: In a bowl with a fork mash together yolk and vinegar to form a smooth paste and stir in sour cream until smooth. In a blender puree cucumber and mint with buttermilk and salt to taste until smooth. Add puree to sour cream mixture in a stream, whisking. Divide soup between 2 chilled bowls. <END>
INPUT: Vegetable, chicken breast halves, Kosher salt pepper, hoisin sauce, broccoli
OUTPUT: TITLE: Baked Hoisin Chicken with Steamed Broccoli | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Vegetable cooking spray; 4 boneless skinless chicken breast halves (about 2 pounds); Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 3/4 cup hoisin sauce (8 1/2 ounce jar); 1 bunch broccoli, stems thinly sliced and top cut into large florets (1 pound, 5 ounces) | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F and spray a baking dish with cooking spray. Put the chicken in the baking dish and season with salt and pepper. Pour the hoisin sauce over the chicken and turn the chicken to coat evenly. Bake until opaque and cooked through, about 18 to 20 minutes. Meanwhile, pour an inch or more of water in a skillet or wok and bring to a boil over medium-high heat. Place the broccoli stems in a bamboo or collapsible steamer. Set the steamer over the boiling water, cover, and cook 2 to 3 minutes. Add the florets and continue to cook just until the vegetables are crisp tender and <END>
INPUT: balls, sugar, light corn syrup, cider vinegar, vanilla, unsalted butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Popcorn Balls | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 11/2 cups white sugar; 11/2 cups light corn syrup; 2 teaspoon cider vinegar; 2 teaspoon vanilla; 5 tablespoons unsalted butter; 10-12 cups popped popcorn, salted or unsalted as prefered | INSTRUCTIONS: In a saucepan combine sugar, corn syrup, and vinegar. Attach a candy thermometer to the side of the saucepan making sure that the bulb is submerged but not touching the bottom. Cook the mixture over medium high heat, stirring until sugar dissolves. Continue to cook, uncovered, without stirring until the temperature registers 260 F, or alternatively, until a hard ball forms when a bit of the mixture is dropped in cold water. Remove pan from heat and stir in vanilla and 4 tablespoons butter. Pour mixture over popcorn in a large buttered bowl and stir to coat. Use remaining butter to coat hands a <END>
INPUT: latkes, carrots, russet, onion, lemon juice, all purpose flour
OUTPUT: TITLE: Carrot Potato Latkes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 pound carrots (4 medium); 1 1/2 pounds russet (baking) potatoes (about 3); 1 large onion; 2 tablespoon fresh lemon juice; 2/3 cup all purpose flour; 3 large eggs, lightly beaten; 1 cup vegetable oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 250°F with rack in upper and lower thirds. Place 1 or 2 cooling racks on top of a large rimmed sheet pan with metal cooling rack(s). Peel carrots and coarsely shred in a food processor fitted with medium shredding disk (or coarsely grate into a bowl using large teardrop-shaped holes on a box grater). Repeat with potatoes and onion. Add lemon juice and toss to coat. Transfer mixture to a kitchen towel (not terry cloth) and enclose in towel, then wring out as much liquid as possible. Wipe bowl clean, then return vegetables to bowl and stir in flour, eggs, and 1 teaspoon salt unti <END>
INPUT: Mexican, salsa, grape tomatoes, pineapple, avocados, sweet onion, cilantro
OUTPUT: TITLE: Avocado Salsa | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2/3 cup grape tomatoes, chopped (10 to 12); 1/2 cup finely chopped pineapple; 3 medium avocados, diced; 1/2 finely chopped sweet onion, such as Vidalia; 1/8 cup finely chopped fresh cilantro; 1 tablespoon lime juice; 1 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes; 1/4 teaspoon garlic salt; Black pepper; Lime tortilla chips, for serving | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Combine the tomatoes, pineapple, avocados, onion, cilantro, lime juice, red pepper flakes and garlic salt in a medium bowl. Add pepper to taste. Serve with lime tortilla chips. <END>
INPUT: vinaigrette, leeks, virgin olive oil, unsalted butter, kosher salt pepper, wine
OUTPUT: TITLE: Leeks Vinaigrette | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 medium leeks (about 2 1/2 pounds); 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, divided; 1 tablespoon unsalted butter; 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1/4 cup dry white wine; 1 cup low-salt chicken stock; 5 sprigs thyme; 2 tablespoons chopped flat-leaf parsley, divided; 1 tablespoon coarse-grained Dijon mustard; 1 tablespoon white wine vinegar; 2 hard-boiled eggs, whites and yolks separated and chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat oven to 425°F. Trim dark-green tops from leeks, leaving root end intact. Remove tough outer layer. Starting 1" above root end, halve leeks lengthwise. Wash leeks, making sure to clean all sand from between layers. Dry slightly on paper towels. Heat 1 tablespoon oil and butter in a large, deep ovenproof skillet over medium heat. Add leeks, season with salt and pepper, and cook, turning occasionally, until light golden in spots, about 5 minutes. Add wine and cook until almost all liquid is absorbed, 3-4 minutes. Add 1 cup water, chicken stock, thyme, and 1/2 teaspoon salt. Bring to a boil.  <END>
INPUT: cups, Pepperidge Farm® Puff, creamy peanut butter, bar, miniature marshmallow
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate Peanut Butter Cups | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 of a 17.3-ounce package Pepperidge Farm® Puff Pastry Sheets (1 sheet), thawed; 6 tablespoons creamy peanut butter; 1 bar (4 ounces) sweet baking chocolate, broken into 18 squares; 2/3 cup miniature marshmallow | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat the oven to 400 degrees F. Unfold the pastry sheet on a lightly floured surface. Roll the pastry sheet into an 18x9-inch rectangle. Cut into 18 (3-inch) squares. Press the pastry squares into 18 (2 1/2-inch) muffin-pan cups. Spoon 1 teaspoon peanut butter into each pastry cup. Top each with 1 square chocolate and about 3 marshmallows. Bake for 10 minutes or until the pastries are golden brown. Let the pastries cool in the pan on a wire rack for 10 minutes. <END>
INPUT: stroganoff, Kosher salt, polenta, olive oil, Spanish onions, shallot
OUTPUT: TITLE: Beef and Mushroom Stroganoff over Creamy Polenta | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Kosher salt; 1 cup instant polenta; 4 tablespoons olive oil; 2 Spanish onions, thinly sliced; 1 large shallot, thinly sliced; 2 to 3 thyme sprigs; 1 tablespoon minced garlic; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 4 cups wild mushroom mix; 12 ounces beef sirloin, thinly sliced; 1/4 cup brandy; 1 cup beef stock; 2 handfuls baby spinach, stems trimmed; Sour cream, for garnish; Chopped fresh parsley, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: For the polenta: In a medium saucepan, bring 4 cups water to a boil with 1 1/4 teaspoons salt. Whisk in the polenta and reduce the heat to medium-low. Cook, continuing to stir to prevent burning and so there are no lumps, until the polenta starts to thicken, about 7 minutes. Remove from the heat. For the Stroganoff: Add 2 tablespoons olive oil to coat the bottom of a large skillet. Saute the onions and shallots over medium heat until soft, about 4 minutes. Add the thyme and garlic and cook until lightly golden around the edges. Sprinkle with salt and pepper. Add the mushrooms and cook until ca <END>
INPUT: Mexican, salsa, vegetable oil, garlic, onion, Arbol, tomatillos
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cooked Tomatillo Salsa with Arbol Chiles | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon vegetable oil; 3-4 large cloves garlic, minced; 1 medium white onion, finely chopped; 3-4 Arbol, chiles finely chopped (approximately 1 tablespoon); 1 pound drained cooked or canned tomatillos; 1 cup chicken broth; 1 teaspoon sugar; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/2 cup fresh coriander leaves, chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: You will need a large skillet or heavy saucepan and either a blender or food processor. Heat the oil in a large heavy skillet or saucepan over medium high heat. Add garlic and onion and cook, stirring occasionally, until onion is transparent. Add chiles and cook for one minute more. Add tomatillos, then pour in broth and add sugar and salt. Bring to a boil, lower heat and gently simmer uncovered for thirty minutes. Remove from heat and let cool. Taste for salt and adjust if necessary. You can either mash the tomatillos with a fork to produce a coarse-textured salsa, or transfer the sauce to a  <END>
INPUT: American, crusted, basil, thyme, pepper, Ahi tuna steak, olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pepper Crusted Tuna Steak | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 teaspoon basil, chopped; 4 teaspoons thyme, chopped; 4 tablespoons cracked black pepper; 21 ounces Ahi tuna steak, cut into 7-ounce portions; 3 ounces olive oil; 4 baby bok choy, cut into quarters; 2 teaspoons wasabi paste; 2 cups fish stock; 4 ounces soy sauce | INSTRUCTIONS: Mix the basil, thyme and the black pepper together. Season the tuna with the mixture. In a hot saute pan, add the olive oil and sear the tuna until cooked rare or to desired temperature. Remove the tuna. Then add the bok choy with the wasabi, fish stock and the soy sauce to the hot saute. Reduce the stock by a quarter. Remove from heat and ladle the soy wasabi broth into the bowls and place the cooked tuna on the top of top of the bok choy. <END>
INPUT: cookies, light sugar, granulated sugar, eggs, vanilla extract
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate Chip Cookies | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 sticks (1 cup) unsalted butter, softened; 1 cup light brown sugar; 1/3 cup granulated sugar; 2 large eggs; 2 teaspoons vanilla extract; 2 1/2 cups all-purpose flour; 1 teaspoon baking powder; 1 teaspoon baking soda; 3/4 teaspoon salt; 2 cups milk chocolate chips | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper. Cream together the butter and sugars in a mixing bowl, mixing until pale yellow and light and fluffy, about 3 minutes. Mix in the eggs one at a time, and then the vanilla until combined. Whisk together the flour, baking powder, baking soda and salt in a separate mixing bowl. Slowly incorporate the dry ingredients into the wet ingredients. Stir in the chocolate chips. Portion 2 tablespoons of dough for each cookie and roll together to form a ball, spacing the dough balls 2 inches apart on the baking sheet. Bake until t <END>
INPUT: Italian, frittata, eggs, Parmesan, basil leaves, sage leaves, rosemary
OUTPUT: TITLE: Onion Frittata | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 8 large eggs; 1/2 cup finely grated Parmesan; 3 large fresh basil leaves, torn into pieces; 3 large fresh sage leaves, minced; 1 teaspoon minced fresh rosemary; 1/4 teaspoon kosher salt; 1/8 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 3 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil; 1 cup thinly sliced onion; 1/3 cup whole-milk ricotta | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 400°F. Whisk first 7 ingredients in a medium bowl; set aside. Heat oil in a medium ovenproof nonstick skillet over medium-high heat. Add onion; saute until soft, about 6 minutes. Reduce heat to low. Stir in egg mixture. Spoon dollops of ricotta evenly over. Cook until frittata begins to set, about 2 minutes. Place in oven; bake until just set, 7-9 minutes. Slide the frittata onto a platter. Cut into wedges; serve hot or at room temperature. Preheat oven to 400°F. Whisk first 7 ingredients in a medium bowl; set aside. Heat oil in a medium ovenproof nonstick skillet over medium-h <END>
INPUT: variation, classic meringue, slivered almonds, cornstarch
OUTPUT: TITLE: Variation: Nut Meringue | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 recipe classic meringue, above; 1 cup slivered almonds (or other nuts); 1 ounce cornstarch | INSTRUCTIONS: Before making the meringue, whirl the almonds in a food processor fitted with the metal blade until finely ground. Add the cornstarch and whirl again. Make Meringue. Fold ground almond mixture into finished meringue by hand. Here, cornstarch insulates the meringue from the fat in the nuts, which would otherwise cause it to break down. Easy way to pipe out disks of a particular size: trace a plate or other object of appropriate size onto parchment paper. The turn the paper over and use the circles as your guide. Start piping in the center and form a tight spiral out to the edge. <END>
INPUT: hash, vegetable oil, Idaho potatoes, sweet potatoes, Kosher salt pepper, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Brisket Hash | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons vegetable oil; 2 large Idaho potatoes, 1/4-inch dice; 2 large sweet potatoes, 1/4-inch dice; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 4 cloves garlic, thinly sliced; 4 green onions, thinly sliced; 1 Spanish onion, 1/4-inch dice; 1/2 teaspoon paprika; Pinch of cayenne pepper; 1 pound leftover cooked beef brisket, roughly diced, plus 1/4 to 1/2 cup braising liquid | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat the vegetable oil in a large saucepan over high heat. Cook the Idaho and sweet potatoes until they begin to get some color, approximately 10 minutes. Season with kosher salt while cooking. Turn the heat down to medium and add the garlic, green onions, Spanish onions, paprika and cayenne and cook for another 10 minutes. Add the brisket and some of the braising liquid, scraping the bottom of the pan with a wooden spoon. Add more braising liquid if the pan seems dry and bring to a simmer to bring all of the ingredients together. Season to taste. Serve with a fried egg on top and a side of Te <END>
INPUT: Vegetable oil, plantains, Kosher salt, sugar, cinnamon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sweet Fried Plantains | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Vegetable oil, for shallow frying; 2 firm-ripe plantains (about 1 pound); Kosher salt; 1 cup sugar; 1 1/2 teaspoons ground cinnamon; Rum Whipped Cream, recipe follows, or ice cream; 3/4 cups heavy cream, chilled; 1 tablespoon dark rum | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat about 1-inch of oil in heavy-bottomed saucepan over medium heat until a deep-fry thermometer inserted in the oil registers 340 degrees F. Line a large plate with paper towels. Peel the plantains and discard the skins. Slice into 1/4-inch thick pieces. Fry the plantains in oil, turning occasionally, until a golden brown color, about 2 to 4 minutes. The longer the plantains fry the sweeter they are. Remove with a slotted spoon and drain on paper towels. Sprinkle the plantains with a little salt. Put the sugar and cinnamon in a brown bag, drop the warm plantains into the bag, and shake to co <END>
INPUT: bites, pumpkin puree, rotisserie chicken, celery, garlic, sage
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sunny's Pumpkin and Chicken Bites with Sunny's Creme Fraiche Dipping Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: One 15-ounce can pumpkin puree; 1 rotisserie chicken, skin discarded, meat shredded or chopped; 1 stalk celery, finely chopped; 1 clove garlic, grated on a rasp; 2 teaspoons chopped fresh sage, 3 to 4 leaves; 2 teaspoons chopped fresh thyme, 10 to 12 sprigs; 1 cup walnuts, toasted and chopped; 2 scallions, finely chopped; 1/2 cup dried cranberries, chopped; 1 teaspoon Hungarian paprika; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 1/2 cup shredded Swiss or gruyere; 24 empanada wrappers, such as Goya discos; 2 eggs; Sunny's Creme Fraiche Dipping Sauce, to serve, recipe follows | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. For the filling: In a large bowl, combine the pumpkin puree, chicken, celery, garlic, sage, thyme, walnuts, scallions, dried cranberries and Hungarian paprika. Taste, making sure to get a bit of each ingredient in the sample. There should be a nice balance of sweet and savory; adding a nice pinch of salt can bring you to the right place. Stir before tasting again and adjust as needed. Once done with the salt, add a few grinds of black pepper. Add the cheese and stir to combine. Refrigerate until mix is firm and less sticky, about 20 minutes. For the wrappers: <END>
INPUT: virgin olive oil, Idaho potatoes, Salt pepper, wine, thyme
OUTPUT: TITLE: Durad, Clams and Fennel | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 2 Idaho potatoes, peeled and julienned; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 cups white wine; 3 sprigs fresh thyme; 5 peppercorns; 20 littleneck clams; 1/2 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 4 Durad fillets; Salt and pepper; 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 1 head fennel, sliced; 3 cloves garlic, sliced; 2 tablespoons sliced shallots | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F. In a nonstick pan in a 1/4 cup olive oil over medium heat. Season the potatoes with salt and freshly ground black pepper and add to the preheated pan. Let them get golden brown and crispy approximately 5 minutes. Flip the cake over and finish in a preheated 375 degree F oven for 5 minutes more. Remove from the pan and cut into 4 pieces. Keep warm. In a pot over high heat, add 1 cup of white wine, thyme sprigs and peppercorns. Add clams and cook until open. Remove clams from the shells and set aside. Strain liquid and simmer until reduced by half. Add the liquid t <END>
INPUT: cucumber, snipped dill dill, garlic, virgin olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cucumber Yogurt Dip | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 (8-ounce) containers plain yogurt; 1 pound cucumber, peeled, seeded, and chopped finely; 2 teaspoons snipped fresh dill plus dill sprigs for garnish; 3 garlic cloves, minced; 1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil; 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice; Salt; Pita wedges, as an accompaniment | INSTRUCTIONS: In a sieve lined with cheesecloth, let the yogurt drain, set over a bowl, covered and chilled, for 6 hours. Pour the liquid from the bowl and in the bowl stir together the drained yogurt, the cucumbers, squeezed dry between paper towels, the snipped dill, the garlic, the oil, the lemon juice, and salt to taste. Let the dip stand, covered and chilled, for at least 2 hours and up to 8 hours to allow the flavors to develop. Stir the dip, garnish it with the dill sprigs, and serve it with pita wedges. Wine Suggestions: A rose from the Languedoc Valley in Southern France, most recent vintage availa <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, salad, unsalted butter, powdered saffron, chicken stock chicken, couscous, celery
OUTPUT: TITLE: Couscous Salad with Currants, Pine Nuts, and Celery | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1/8 teaspoon powdered saffron; 1 1/2 cups chicken stock or canned chicken broth; 1 1/2 cups couscous; 1 1/2 cups diced celery; 2/3 cup dried currants, plumped in hot water for 15 minutes and drained; 1/3 cup thinly sliced scallions; 1/3 cup pine nuts, toasted lightly; 1/4 cup minced fresh parsley; 1/4 cup fresh lemon juice; 1/4 teaspoon cinnamon; 1/2 cup olive oil; Kosher salt, freshly ground pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large skillet melt the butter with the saffron over moderate heat, stirring, add the stock, and bring the liquid to a boil. Stir in the couscous, cover the skillet, and remove it from the heat. Let the mixture stand for 4 minutes and transfer it to a ceramic or glass bowl, breaking up any lumps with a fork. Add the celery, the currants, the scallions, the pine nuts, and the parsley and toss the mixture to combine it. In a small bowl whisk together the lemon juice and the cinnamon, add the oil in a slow stream, whisking, and whisk the dressing until it is emulsified. Drizzle the dressing o <END>
INPUT: Mexican, corn, unsalted butter, chili powder, cayenne pepper, Juice limes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Corn on the Cob with Chili-Lime Butter and Cotija Cheese | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 6 ears corn, in their husks; 1 cup unsalted butter, at room temperature; 1 tablespoon chili powder; 1 teaspoon cayenne pepper; Juice of 3 limes; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 cup cotija cheese or feta cheese | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat a grill to medium-high heat. Grill the corn in their husks until the husks start to blacken, about 3 minutes per side. Mix together the butter, chili powder, cayenne pepper, lime juice and some salt and black pepper in a bowl until incorporated. Peel back the corn husks, leaving on to use as handles while eating. Rub the chili-lime butter all over the corn. Garnish with the cotija cheese. <END>
INPUT: sandwiches, zucchini squash, Salt pepper, Flour, egg milk, Olive Oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Squash Sandwiches | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 medium zucchini squash; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; Flour; 1 egg beaten with 1 cup milk; Olive Oil; 12 slices whole-wheat bread, toasted; Mayonnaise; 1 large onion, thinly sliced; 6 slices ham, fried | INSTRUCTIONS: Slice zucchini into 1/4-inch rounds. Let stand until moisture forms on sides. Salt and pepper both sides. Dip in flour, then egg/milk mixture, then in flour again. In a deep frying pan or pot, heat about 2 inches of oil over medium heat. Fry squash until lightly browned on both sides. Drain well on paper towels. Spread toast with mayonnaise and make sandwiches with squash, onions and ham. <END>
INPUT: slow, Bosc pears eight, wine, honey, Whipped cream flavored
OUTPUT: TITLE: Slow-Baked Honey Wine Pears | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 Bosc pears or eight small Anjou pears; 1 bottle dry red wine; 1/2 cup honey; Whipped cream flavored with sugar and Cognac, for serving, if desired | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 250 degrees F. Peel the pears from top to bottom, leaving the stem intact, and lay them in a lidded oven-proof dish just large enough to hold them. Bring the wine and honey to a boil, cover the pears with the liquid, and transfer to the oven. Bake until very tender, 4 to 5 hours, turning now and again. Gently remove the pears to a serving bowl with a slotted spoon. Boil the liquid rapidly until reduced to syrup, about 20 minutes. Pour the syrup over the pears and reserve at room temperature for several hours, or cover and refrigerate until about an hour before serving. Serv <END>
INPUT: Italian, alla, virgin olive oil, butter, onion, tomato paste, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cavatelli alla Vodka | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil; 1 tablespoon butter; 1/2 onion, minced; 1 tablespoon tomato paste; 1 teaspoon crushed red pepper; 2 cloves garlic, minced; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1/3 cup vodka; One 28-ounce can crushed San Marzano tomatoes; 1/2 cup heavy cream; 1 pound cavatelli pasta, recipe follows (or use ready-made fresh or frozen); Fresh basil, cut into chiffonade, for garnish; Grated Parmigiano-Reggiano, for garnish; Crusty Italian bread, for serving; 2 1/2 cups 00 flour | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat a saucepan over medium heat. Add the oil and butter and cook until foaming. Add the onions and saute until translucent, about 10 minutes. Add the tomato paste and cook for another minute. Add the crushed red pepper, garlic and some salt and pepper. Cook for 30 more seconds. Add the vodka off heat and deglaze the pan. Add the crushed tomatoes and simmer until the alcohol smell subsides, about 8 minutes. Add the cream and season to taste. Meanwhile, bring a pot of water to a boil and salt generously. Cook the pasta to al dente, 4 to 5 minutes for fresh, or according to the package instructi <END>
INPUT: tonnato, qt chicken broth, qt water, anchovy fillets
OUTPUT: TITLE: Turkey Tonnato with Potatoes and Green Beans | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 (2 1/2- to 3-lb) turkey breast half (with bones and skin); 1 qt chicken broth; 2 to 2 1/2 qt water; 1 (6-oz) can tuna packed in olive oil, drained; 3 large anchovy fillets; 3/4 cup mayonnaise; 1/3 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 3 to 4 tablespoons fresh lemon juice (to taste); 1 tablespoon water; 1 lb haricots verts (thin French green beans), trimmed; 2 lb small (1 1/2- to 2-inch) red potatoes, peeled and quartered; 2 tablespoons bottled capers, rinsed and drained; 1/2 cup Kalamata or other brine-cured black olives, pitted and quartered lengthwise; Garnish: small fresh basil leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: Poach turkey: Put turkey breast in a 6- to 8-quart pasta pot and add broth and enough water to cover turkey by 1 inch. Remove turkey and bring liquid to a boil. Season with salt and return turkey to pot, then poach at a bare simmer, uncovered, skimming any froth, until an instant-read thermometer inserted 2 inches diagonally into thickest part of breast (do not touch bone) registers 155°F, 1 to 1 1/4 hours. Cool turkey in broth 30 minutes (internal temperature will rise to 170°F). Put turkey breast in a 6- to 8-quart pasta pot and add broth and enough water to cover turkey by 1 inch. Remove tu <END>
INPUT: Mexican, salsa, tomatillos, onion, garlic, cilantro leaves, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Avocado and Roasted Tomatillo Salsa | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 pound fresh tomatillos; 1/2 small onion; 2 garlic cloves, unpeeled; 2 tablespoons packed fresh cilantro leaves; 1 teaspoon salt, or to taste; 1 fresh jalapeño chile; 1 1/2 firm-ripe California avocados | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat broiler. Remove husks and rinse tomatillos under warm water to remove stickiness. Halve onion half and arrange on rack of a broiler pan with tomatillos and garlic. Broil vegetables 1 to 2 inches from heat, turning them once, until softened and slightly charred, about 10 minutes. Peel garlic and put in a food processor with tomatillos, onion, cilantro, and salt. Wearing rubber gloves, discard seeds from jalapeño if desired and coarsely chop. Add jalapeño to tomatillo mixture and puree until mixture is almost smooth. Transfer tomatillo mixture to a bowl. Halve and pit avocado and scoop f <END>
INPUT: Mexican, tabbouleh, taratour, bulghur wheat, salt, tomatoes, parsley, well bacon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spicy Tabbouleh with Cumin and Bacon Taratour Sauce | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup bulghur wheat; 1 teaspoon salt; 2 cups chopped tomatoes (about 2 large tomatoes); 4 cups finely chopped parsley; 16 slices well-cooked bacon, finely chopped; 1 tablespoon ground cumin; 6 tablespoons lemon juice; 6 tablespoons olive oil; 1 cup minced scallions; Few drops of harissa (a spicy sauce; you may substitute Tabasco); 1 cup tahini; 1/2 cup lemon juice; 3 garlic cloves, crushed with 1 teaspoon salt | INSTRUCTIONS: For the tabbouleh: Place the bulghur wheat in a bowl and cover with water. Stir in the salt and soak for 40 minutes, or until the a bulghur is softened but still a bit crunchy. When ready, drain the water from the bulghur wheat, squeezing out as much moisture as possible with your hands. Place the bulghur wheat in a large bowl and add the tomatoes, the parsley, the bacon and the cumin. Mix well. Add the lemon juice, the olive oil and the harissa. Mix well and taste for seasoning. Cover. Reserve in the refrigerator until ready to serve. Just before serving, moisten with a bit of olive oil. For  <END>
INPUT: brown, bread, all purpose flour, old fashioned oats, sugar, rosemary
OUTPUT: TITLE: Brown Butter Soda Bread | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup (1/2 stick) unsalted butter; 3 1/2 cups all purpose flour; 1/2 cup old-fashioned oats; 1 tablespoon sugar; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh rosemary; 2 teaspoons baking powder; 1 teaspoon baking soda; 1 teaspoon salt; 3/4 teaspoon ground black pepper plus additional for topping; 1 3/4 cups buttermilk; 1 egg white, beaten to blend | INSTRUCTIONS: Position rack in center of oven and preheat to 375°F. Stir butter in heavy small saucepan over medium heat until melted and golden brown, about 3 minutes. Remove from heat. Stir flour, oats, sugar, rosemary, baking powder, baking soda, salt, and 3/4 teaspoon pepper in large bowl to blend. Pour buttermilk and melted browned butter over flour mixture; stir with fork until flour mixture is moistened. Turn dough out onto floured work surface. Knead gently until dough comes together, about 7 turns. Divide in half. Shape each half into ball; flatten each into 6-inch round. Place rounds on ungreased  <END>
INPUT: crème fraîche, plain Greek style, Horseradish, smoked salmon, chives more
OUTPUT: TITLE: Smoked Salmon Dip | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2/3 cup crème fraîche; 2/3 cup plain Greek-style yogurt; 4 teaspoons Prepared Horseradish , or store-bought (white); 1 pound thinly sliced smoked salmon; 2 tablespoons thinly sliced chives plus more; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 lemon; Pumpernickel toasts, flatbread crisps, or bagel chips | INSTRUCTIONS: Whisk first 3 ingredients in a small bowl until well blended. Place salmon in a food processor; pulse just a few seconds at a time until salmon is reduced to pea-size pieces. Add salmon and 2 tablespoons chives to crème fraîche mixture; fold to incorporate. Season to taste with salt and pepper. DO AHEAD: Can be made 3 days ahead. Using a vegetable peeler, remove zest from lemon (yellow part only). Cut lengthwise into thin strips. Garnish dip with lemon zest and 2"-long pieces of fresh chives. Serve with pumpernickel toasts. Whisk first 3 ingredients in a small bowl until well blended. Place sa <END>
INPUT: garbage, bread, cauliflower, Brussels sprouts, olive oil, Kosher salt pepper, sharp Cheddar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cauliflower, Brussels Sprouts and Smoked Gouda Garbage Bread | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 head cauliflower, trimmed, cored and broken into medium florets (1 1/2 pounds); 10 Brussels sprouts, trimmed and quartered (8 ounces); 1/4 cup olive oil; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 cups grated sharp Cheddar (6 ounces); 2 cups grated smoked gouda (6 ounces); 1 cup grated mozzarella (4 ounces); 1 teaspoon smoked paprika; 1/4 teaspoon cayenne pepper; All-purpose flour, for dusting; 1 1/2 pounds store-bought pizza dough (see Cook's Note); 1 large egg, beaten, for egg wash | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with parchment and set aside. Combine the cauliflower florets, Brussels sprouts and olive oil on a rimmed baking sheet. Sprinkle with salt and pepper and toss until evenly coated. Bake, stirring halfway through, until lightly charred and tender, about 40 minutes. Transfer the baking sheet to a rack and let the vegetables cool. Reduce the oven temperature to 400 degrees F. Toss the Cheddar, gouda, mozzarella, paprika and cayenne in a medium bowl until evenly combined. Set aside 1/2 cup of the cheese mixture in a separate bowl. On a lightly  <END>
INPUT: American, cheesecake, sleeve graham crackers, walnut, light sugar, unsalted butter, nutmeg
OUTPUT: TITLE: Maple-Walnut Cheesecake | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 sleeve graham crackers (about 9 crackers); 3/4 cup walnut pieces (preferably black walnuts); 1/3 cup packed light brown sugar; 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted; Pinch of freshly grated nutmeg; Pinch of kosher salt; For the filling:; 4 8-ounce packages cream cheese, at room temperature; 1/2 cup granulated sugar; 4 large eggs; 3 tablespoons all-purpose flour; 1/2 cup heavy cream; 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice; 1/4 teaspoon maple extract; 3/4 cup pure maple syrup | INSTRUCTIONS: Fill a roasting pan halfway with water and set on a rack in the lower third of the oven; position another rack in the middle and preheat to 350 degrees F. Wrap the outside (bottom and side) of a 9-inch springform pan with foil. Make the crust: Pulse the graham crackers in a food processor a few times until crushed. Add the walnuts and brown sugar and continue pulsing until finely ground. Add the melted butter, nutmeg and salt and pulse to combine. Press into the bottom and about 1 inch up the side of the prepared pan. Bake until the crust is lightly golden, about 10 minutes. Transfer to a rack <END>
INPUT: salad, vinaigrette, navel oranges, wine vinegar, virgin olive oil, Dijon mustard, escarole
OUTPUT: TITLE: Endive and Escarole Salad with Mustard-Orange Vinaigrette | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 navel oranges; 2 teaspoons red-wine vinegar; 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 2 teaspoons Dijon mustard; 1 medium head escarole, torn into 2- to 3-inch pieces (12 cups); 4 Belgian endives, leaves separated and halved crosswise | INSTRUCTIONS: Grate 1 teaspoon zest from 1 orange and reserve. Cut peel, including white pith, from oranges with a sharp knife. Cut segments free from membranes into a bowl. Squeeze 1 tablespoon juice from membranes into a large bowl and whisk together with reserved zest, vinegar, oil, mustard, 1/4 teaspoon salt, and 1/8 teaspoon pepper until emulsified. Add escarole, endive, and orange segments to vinaigrette and gently toss. Grate 1 teaspoon zest from 1 orange and reserve. Cut peel, including white pith, from oranges with a sharp knife. Cut segments free from membranes into a bowl. Squeeze 1 tablespoon ju <END>
INPUT: Asian, chile, garlic, unseasoned rice vinegar, soy sauce, vegetable oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Udon Noodles with Shrimp, Snow Peas, and Peanuts | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1 red chile (such as Fresno), finely chopped; 1 garlic clove, finely chopped; 6 tablespoons unseasoned rice vinegar; 6 tablespoons soy sauce; 3 tablespoons vegetable oil; 2 tablespoons peanut butter; 2 teaspoons sesame oil; 1 tablespoon finely grated peeled ginger; 1 teaspoon kosher salt, plus more to taste; 2 cups snow peas, thinly sliced (about 8 ounces); 1 pound udon noodles; 1 pound shrimp, peeled, deveined; 1/3 cup coarsely chopped roasted salted peanuts; 1/4 cup coarsely chopped fresh cilantro | INSTRUCTIONS: Whisk chile, garlic, vinegar, soy sauce, vegetable oil, peanut butter, sesame oil, ginger, and 1 tsp. salt in a large bowl. Add snow peas and toss to combine. Cook udon in a large pot of boiling salted water according to package directions. Add shrimp 3 minutes before noodles are done and cook, stirring occasionally, until shrimp are pink and cooked through. Drain noodles and shrimp and add to dressing; stir vigorously to combine. Transfer noodle mixture to a serving bowl or platter. Top with peanuts and cilantro. Serve immediately or at room temperature. Whisk chile, garlic, vinegar, soy sauc <END>
INPUT: Italian, muffuletta, peperoncini brine, oregano, all beef hot, hot dog buns
OUTPUT: TITLE: Muffuletta Hot Dogs | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup sliced peperoncini with 1 cup brine; 1 cup (packed) thinly sliced red onion; 1 teaspoon dried oregano; 8 all-beef hot dogs; 8 hot dog buns, split; 16 slices provolone cheese; Chopped black olive tapenade; Sliced roasted red peppers from jar | INSTRUCTIONS: Sliced roasted red peppers from jar Mix peperoncini, brine, red onion, and oregano in bowl. Let stand 30 minutes; drain. Prepare barbecue (medium-high heat). Place hot dogs on grill. Place buns, flat side up, on grill; cover with 2 cheese slices. Grill until cheese melts and hot dogs are heated through, covering barbecue to allow cheese to melt, 5 minutes for hot dogs and 3 minutes for buns. Transfer buns and hot dogs to plates. Top with pickled onions, tapenade, and peppers. Sliced roasted red peppers from jar Mix peperoncini, brine, red onion, and oregano in bowl. Let stand 30 minutes; drain <END>
INPUT: mini, yellow, Baking flour, cake flour, baking powder, baking soda, fine sea salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mini Vanilla Bean Yellow Cupcakes with Creamy Chocolate Frosting | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Baking spray with flour; 2 1/2 cups cake flour; 1 1/4 teaspoons baking powder; 1/4 teaspoon baking soda; 1/2 teaspoon fine sea salt; 1 3/4 cups pure cane sugar; 1 1/4 sticks (5 ounces) unsalted butter, melted and cooled slightly; 1 cup buttermilk, at room temperature; 3 tablespoons vegetable oil; 2 teaspoons vanilla extract; 1 vanilla bean, split and seeds scraped; 6 large egg yolks, room temperature; 3 large egg whites, room temperature; Creamy Chocolate Frosting, recipe follows; 2 1/2 sticks (10 ounces) unsalted butter, at room temperature | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Adjust the oven rack to the middle position and preheat the oven to 350 F. Fill mini-muffin tins with cupcake liners and spray the liners with baking spray. Whisk the flour, baking powder, baking soda, salt and 1 1/2 cups cane sugar together in a large bowl. Whisk together the melted butter, buttermilk, oil, vanilla extract, vanilla seeds and egg yolks in a medium bowl. In a clean bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the whisk attachment, beat the egg whites at medium-high speed until foamy, about 30 seconds. With the machine running, gradually add the remaining 1/4 <END>
INPUT: Mexican, rolls, salsa, pecans, arbol chiles, garlic, Salt pepper, flour tortillas
OUTPUT: TITLE: Gruyere Rolls with Pecan-Chile Salsa | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup pecans; 4 dried arbol chiles; 1 clove garlic, unpeeled; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 4 flour tortillas, warmed; 8 ounces smoked gruyere cheese, or any other smoked cheese, sliced into 1/2-inch logs; 1 pear, such as Bartlett, cut into 1/4-inch slices; 3 tablespoons honey; Vegetable oil, for brushing | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat a medium heavy skillet. Add the pecans, chiles and garlic, toasting on all sides until fragrant, about 3 minutes. Remove from the heat and let cool slightly. Remove the outer peel from the garlic and remove the stems from the chiles. Transfer the pecans, garlic, chiles and1/3 cup water to a blender and blend until smooth. Season with salt and freshly ground black pepper. Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Place the tortillas on a work surface and top with 4 slices of cheese, 4 slices of pear and then drizzle with about 2 teaspoons of honey per tortilla. Fold in the sides of the tortill <END>
INPUT: dinner, catfish fillets, buttermilk, Vegetable oil, cornmeal, Salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Catfish Dinner | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 catfish fillets; 2 cups buttermilk; Vegetable oil, for frying; 1 to 2 cups cornmeal; Salt and ground pepper; 1 to 2 cups all-purpose flour; 2 eggs, beaten for egg wash; 1/4 pound (1 stick) butter; 1/2 cup minced red onion; 1/2 cup minced bell pepper; 2 ribs celery, minced; 1/4 cup all-purpose flour; 2 teaspoons seafood seasoning, such as Old Bay; 2 tablespoons minced garlic; 2 cups heavy cream | INSTRUCTIONS: For the catfish: To marinate the catfish, place the fillets and buttermilk in a flat bottomed container. Allow to marinate in the fridge for a minimum 30 minutes, maximum 1 day. Preheat a fryer to 350 degrees F with vegetable oil. Before frying, remove the catfish from the marinade and allow any excess buttermilk to drip off. Season the cornmeal with salt and pepper. Coat a fillet with flour, then egg wash, then seasoned cornmeal and repeat the process with the remaining fillets before frying. Fry until the catfish reaches 145 degrees F, 4 to 5 minutes. Remove from the fryer and allow to drain <END>
INPUT: asparagus, olive oil, balsamic vinegar, Salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Asparagus | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound fresh asparagus, washed, trimmed, and peeled; 2 to 3 tablespoons olive oil; 1 tablespoon balsamic vinegar; Salt and pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 475 degrees F. In a roasting pan, toss the asparagus with the olive oil and vinegar until coated. Spread asparagus out in a single layer, if possible. Roast asparagus for 10 minutes until tender. Season with salt and pepper. Transfer to a serving dish. <END>
INPUT: spanish, Vanilla bean, sugar, Wedge lime, orange liqueur, almond liqueur
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spanish Coffee | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Vanilla bean; 2 cups sugar; Wedge of lime; 1 1/2 ounces orange liqueur (recommended: Cointreau); 1/2 ounce almond liqueur (recommended: Amaretto); 1 ounce coffee liqueur; 1 ounce cognac; 1 1/2 cups coffee; Whipped cream; Chocolate shavings | INSTRUCTIONS: A few days before you make the coffee, split the vanilla bean in half the long way, and place it with the sugar in a closed container. To make the coffee, warm 2 brandy snifters. Take the wedge of lime and run it around the edge of the glass to wet the rim. Dip it in the vanilla sugar. Pour the orange liqueur into the glasses and, one at a time, light it on fire and tilt the glass to caramelize the vanilla sugared rim. Douse the flame with a little coffee. In a copper saucepan place the almond liqueur, cognac and coffee liqueur and warm them. Divide them between the 2 snifters then top them of <END>
INPUT: bread, dark, unbleached all purpose, sugar, salt, baking powder, baking soda
OUTPUT: TITLE: Soda Bread with Dark Chocolate and Candied Orange Peel | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 cups unbleached all purpose flour; 1/2 cup plus 2 tablespoons sugar; 2 teaspoons salt; 2 teaspoons baking powder; 1/2 teaspoon baking soda; 6 tablespoons (3/4 stick) chilled unsalted butter, cut into 1/2-inch cubes; 6 ounces bittersweet (not unsweetened) or semisweet chocolate, cut into 1/3-inch pieces; 6 ounces candied orange peel, diced; 1 1/4 cups buttermilk; 1 large egg | INSTRUCTIONS: Position rack in center of oven and preheat to 350°F. Line rimmed baking sheet with parchment paper; butter parchment. Whisk first 5 ingredients in large bowl to blend. Add butter; rub in with fingertips until mixture resembles coarse meal. Stir in chocolate and orange peel. Whisk buttermilk and egg in medium bowl to blend; add to dry ingredients. Stir just until incorporated. Turn dough out onto floured work surface and knead gently just until dough comes together, about 5 turns. Form dough into 6 1/2-inch-diameter round, about 2 to 2 1/2 inches high. Transfer to prepared baking sheet. Using  <END>
INPUT: eggs
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pineapple Pound Cake | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Cooking spray; 1 (8-ounce) can pineapple slices- drained, juice reserved; 1 (16-ounce) box pound cake mix; 2 eggs; 1 (6-ounce) can pineapple juice; 1/4 cup water; 1/2 cup brown sugar; 2 tablespoons butter | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Spray a 9 by 5-inch loaf pan with cooking spray and set aside. Remove 3 pineapple slices from the can and reserve the juice and set aside. Chop remaining pineapple slices into small pieces and set aside. In a large bowl combine the cake mix, eggs, and 1 can of pineapple juice. Blend with an electric mixer on low speed for 30 seconds. Scrape down the sides of the bowl and beat for 3 minutes on medium speed. Stir in the chopped pineapple and combine well. Pour into the prepared loaf pan. Bake in the preheated oven until a toothpick, i <END>
INPUT: relish, Peanut oil, jalapenos, plum tomatoes, shallots, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Oyster Po' Boy with Jalapeno Relish | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Peanut oil, for frying; 2 jalapenos, minced; 2 plum tomatoes, seeded and minced; 2 shallots, minced; 3 cloves garlic, minced; 1 lemon, zested, plus 1/2 lemon, juiced; 1 lime, zested, plus 1/2 lime, juiced; 1 cup mayonnaise; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 cup all-purpose flour; 2 tablespoons smoked paprika; 1 teaspoon cayenne; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 20 oysters, shucked; 3 eggs, beaten | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat a deep-fryer or heavy-bottomed pot, with enough peanut oil to come halfway up the sides of the pot, to 350 degrees F. Relish: Mix all ingredients in a bowl and set aside. Oysters: Mix the flour, smoked paprika, cayenne, salt and pepper, to taste, in a shallow bowl. Add the eggs to another bowl and the bread crumbs to a third bowl. Dredge the oysters in the flour mixture, then in egg and then in bread crumbs. Arrange the breaded oysters on a platter lined with parchment. Fry the oysters, in batches, until crisp and light brown, about 1 to 2 minutes Remove  <END>
INPUT: bouillabaisse, burgers, plum vine ripened, fennel, sweet onion, lemon zest, lemon juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Bouillabaisse Burgers with Tomato-Fennel Relish and Saffron Mayonnaise | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2/3 cup seeded and finely chopped firm ripe plum or vine-ripened tomatoes; 1/3 cup finely chopped fennel; 3 tablespoons finely chopped sweet onion; 1/2 teaspoon grated fresh lemon zest; 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice; 3/4 teaspoon fresh thyme leaves; 1 tablespoon garlic flavored olive oil; 1/8 teaspoon kosher salt 1/8 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 1/4 teaspoon saffron threads; 3/4 cup good quality mayonnaise; Pinch kosher salt; Pinch freshly grounded black pepper; 1 3/4 pounds skinless, boneless red snapper fillets (or any other firm-textured white lean fish), coarsely ground (in small batches) in a food process; 3/4 pound peeled and deveined large raw shrimp, cut into about 1/4-inch pieces; 5 egg whites | INSTRUCTIONS: For the relish: Combine all of the ingredients in a small bowl. Cover and chill until needed. For the mayonnaise: Combine the saffron threads and lemon juice in a small bowl and set aside to soak for 20 minutes to l hour. Transfer the soaked saffron to a blender. Add the mayonnaise and blend until smooth. Transfer to a bowl and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Cover with plastic wrap and chill until serving time. For the patties: Spread the red snapper and shrimp evenly over the bottom of a large glass baking dish. Wearing kitchen gloves, or using a fork, gently mix in the egg whites, th <END>
INPUT: Mexican, tagine, preserved, potatoes, onion, virgin olive oil, tomato, ginger
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spicy Potato Tagine with Preserved Lemon and Olives | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2 pounds red potatoes; 1 small onion, grated and squeezed dry (see Note), plus 1 medium onion, thinly sliced; 3 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil; 1/3 cup grated tomato (see Tips, below); 1/4 teaspoon ground ginger; 1/4 teaspoon hot Hungarian paprika; Pinch of ground cumin; 1 teaspoon crushed garlic; 1 bay leaf; 1/4 fresh lemon; 2 tablespoons chopped flat-leaf parsley; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro; Salt; 4 to 5 dry saffron threads, crumbled; 24 juicy purple or tan olives | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. Peel the potatoes and thickly slice into a bowl of cold water. 2. In heavy saucepan set over moderate heat, cook the grated onion in olive oil until melting, 3 to 4 minutes. Add the tomato, ginger, paprika, cumin, and garlic. Cook, stirring, for 2 more minutes. 3. Drain the potatoes and add to the pan with the thinly sliced onion, the bay leaf, and the fresh lemon quarter. Toss to coat the potatoes, onion, and lemon quarter with the parsley, cilantro, and salt to taste. Add the saffron and 1 1/2 cups hot water and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat to very low and simmer until the potatoes ar <END>
INPUT: plain yogurt, mild honey, water, granulated sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Kataifi with Candied Pumpkin and Yogurt | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cups plain yogurt (14 ounces; not nonfat); 1 cup plus 1 1/2 tablespoons mild honey; 2 cups water; 1/3 cup granulated sugar; 3 (3- by 1/2-inch) strips fresh lemon zest; 3 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 1/2 teaspoon cinnamon; 1 3/4 pounds sugar pumpkin or butternut squash, peeled, halved lengthwise, seeded, and cut into 1/2-inch cubes (4 cups); 3/4 stick (6 tablespoons) unsalted butter, melted and cooled slightly; 3 tablespoons confectioners sugar; 1/4 pounds kataifi (shredded phyllo dough) from a 1-pound box, thawed; 1/2 cup sliced almonds (2 ounces), coarsely chopped; Special equipment: a nonstick muffin tin with 12 (1/2-cup) muffin cups | INSTRUCTIONS: Drain yogurt in a sieve lined with a dampened paper towel or coffee filter and set over a bowl 1 hour, then discard liquid and stir drained yogurt and 1 1/2 tablespoons honey together in a small bowl until honey is dissolved. While yogurt drains, bring water, granulated sugar, lemon zest and juice, cinnamon, and remaining cup honey to a boil in a 3- to 4-quart heavy pot over moderately high heat, stirring until sugar is dissolved, then add pumpkin and bring to a boil. Reduce heat and simmer pumpkin, covered, until tender but not falling apart, 15 to 20 minutes. Transfer pumpkin to a bowl using <END>
INPUT: cornbread, all purpose flour, cornmeal, baking soda, kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Buttermilk Cornbread | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 8 tablespoons (1 stick) unsalted butter, melted and cooled, plus more for buttering the pan; 1 cup all-purpose flour, plus more for the pan (see Cook's Note); 1 cup white cornmeal; 1 teaspoon baking soda; 1 teaspoon kosher salt; 1 cup buttermilk, plus more for brushing; 1 cup heavy cream; 1 tablespoon distilled white vinegar; 2 large eggs, lightly beaten | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Butter the bottom and sides of an 8-inch square baking pan with some of the butter, then dust with flour and line with parchment paper. Combine the flour, cornmeal, baking soda and salt in a large bowl. Whisk together the butter, buttermilk, cream, vinegar and eggs in a medium bowl until smooth, then quickly pour the wet ingredients over the dry ingredients and whisk to combine. Quickly pour the batter into the prepared pan, smooth the top and bake until light brown on top, firm to the touch and a toothpick inserted in the middle comes out clean, about 30 min <END>
INPUT: mashed, Yukon gold potatoes, Kosher salt pepper, heavy cream, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chive and Garlic Mashed Potatoes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 to 6 pounds Yukon gold potatoes, peeled; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 cup heavy cream; 1/2 stick (1/4 cup) unsalted butter; 4 cloves garlic, lightly crushed; 3 sprigs fresh thyme; 2 tablespoons chopped chives | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Put the cut potatoes into a large pot, cover them with cold water, and add a large pinch of salt. Bring to a boil and simmer until the potatoes are fork tender, about 20 to 30 minutes. Drain well. Meanwhile, in a small pot heat the cream, butter, garlic, and thyme. While the potatoes are still warm, press them through a potato ricer or food mill into a bowl. Stir in the warm cream a bit at a time, straining out the solids, until the potatoes are fluffy. Season with salt and pepper and gently fold in the chives. Serve immediately. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, cocktail, sauce, shrimp, olive oil, cumin, Kosher salt pepper, Two chile peppers
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cumin-Roasted Shrimp with Green Chile Cocktail Sauce | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 pounds peeled and deveined large shrimp, tails on; 4 tablespoons olive oil; 1 teaspoon ground cumin; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; Two 4.5-ounce cans chopped green chile peppers; 1/2 cup loosely packed fresh cilantro leaves; 2 tablespoons fresh lime juice (from 1 lime) | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Toss the shrimp with 2 tablespoons of the oil, the cumin, 1 teaspoon salt and 1/2 teaspoon pepper on a rimmed baking sheet. Roast, tossing once, until opaque throughout, 4 to 6 minutes. Meanwhile, pulse the peppers, cilantro, the remaining 2 tablespoons of oil, lime juice, 1/2 teaspoon salt and 1/2 teaspoon pepper in a food processor until smooth. Serve the shrimp hot, cold or at room temperature with the sauce. (The sauce can be made ahead and refrigerated for up to 3 days.) <END>
INPUT: Indian, herbed, salad, mayonnaise, mango chutney, lime juice, dice chicken, walnuts
OUTPUT: TITLE: Herbed Chicken-Chutney Salad on Lettuce Leaves | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup mayonnaise; 1/4 cup mango chutney, large pieces chopped; 2 tablespoons fresh lime juice; 2 cups 1/4-inch dice skinless cooked chicken; 6 tablespoons chopped walnuts; 5 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro; 1/4 cup finely chopped celery; 1/4 cup finely chopped red bell pepper; 24 3 1/2-inch-long pieces hearts of romaine lettuce; Lime wedges | INSTRUCTIONS: Whisk mayonnaise, chutney, and lime juice in large bowl. Mix in chicken, walnuts, 2 tablespoons cilantro, celery, and red bell pepper. (Chicken salad can be made 4 hours ahead. Cover and refrigerate.) Place lettuce leaves on platter. Spoon 1 heaping tablespoonful chicken salad in center of each leaf. Sprinkle remaining 3 tablespoons cilantro over and serve with lime wedges alongside. Whisk mayonnaise, chutney, and lime juice in large bowl. Mix in chicken, walnuts, 2 tablespoons cilantro, celery, and red bell pepper. (Chicken salad can be made 4 hours ahead. Cover and refrigerate.) Place lettuc <END>
INPUT: Mexican, coconut, stew, lime juice, orange juice, cilantro, garlic, jalapeno serrano pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Coconut Lime Chicken Stew | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup lime juice; 1 cup orange juice; 3/4 cup chopped fresh cilantro; 1/3 cup minced garlic; 1 minced jalapeno or serrano pepper; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 pound skinless boneless chicken breast (or fish), cut into 1-inch cubes; Kosher salt; 1 pound red or Yukon potatoes, chopped; 1/4 cup vegetable or peanut oil; 1 cup chopped red onions; 8 ounces mushrooms, sliced; 4 ounces carrots, split lengthwise and sliced; 5 scallions, sliced on the bias; 5 cups chicken stock | INSTRUCTIONS: For the chicken: In a large bowl, stir together the lime juice, orange juice, cilantro, garlic and chile peppers along with a pinch of salt and some pepper (you are basically making a ceviche mixture). Add the chicken and stir together. Cover and refrigerate. For the stew: Bring a pot of water to a simmer and add salt. Simmer the potatoes until tender, 15 minutes. Drain and set aside. In a 6- to 8-quart stainless steel pot, heat the oil over medium-high heat for 2 to 3 minutes. Add the onions, mushrooms, carrots and scallions and cook, stirring occasionally, until the onions are softened and b <END>
INPUT: Indian, spiced, olive oil, garlic, coriander seeds, cumin seeds, saffron threads
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spiced Peppers and Eggplant | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup olive oil; 4 garlic cloves; 3/4 teaspoon coriander seeds, crushed; 3/4 teaspoon cumin seeds, crushed; Pinch of saffron threads (optional); 4 sweet peppers, any color (about 1 pound), cut into 2" strips; 2 baby eggplants (about 1/2 pound), quartered lengthwise, or 1/2 large eggplant, cut into 2x1" pieces; Kosher salt, freshly ground pepper; 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar; 1 cup torn fresh basil leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Add garlic, coriander, cumin, and saffron, if using; cook, stirring often, until garlic is softened, about 4 minutes. Add sweet peppers and eggplants; season with salt and pepper. Cook, tossing occasionally, until vegetables are tender, 15-20 minutes. Remove from heat and add vinegar. Just before serving, add basil and toss to combine. DO AHEAD: Vegetables can be cooked 4 days ahead. Cover; chill. Bring to room temperature before adding basil and serving. Heat oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Add garlic, coriander, cumin, and saff <END>
INPUT: sauce, long eggplants, olive oil, lemon thyme leaves, Maldon sea salt, pomegranate
OUTPUT: TITLE: Eggplant with Buttermilk Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 large and long eggplants; 1/3 cup olive oil; 1 1/2 tsp lemon thyme leaves, plus a few whole sprigs to garnish; Maldon sea salt and black pepper; 1 pomegranate; 1 tsp za'atar; 9 tbsp buttermilk; 1/2 cup Greek yogurt; 1 1/2 tbsp olive oil, plus a drizzle to finish; 1 small garlic clove, crushed; Pinch of salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 200°F. Cut the eggplants in half lengthways, cutting straight through the green stalk (the stalk is for the look; don't eat it). Use a small sharp knife to make three or four parallel incisions in the cut side of each eggplant half, without cutting through to the skin. Repeat at a 45-degree angle to get a diamond-shaped pattern. Place the eggplant halves, cut-side up, on a baking sheet lined with parchment paper. Brush them with olive oil—keep on brushing until all of the oil has been absorbed by the flesh. Sprinkle with the lemon thyme leaves and some salt and pepper. Roas <END>
INPUT: ganache, whipping cream, strawberry jam, bittersweet
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate-Strawberry Ganache | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups whipping cream; 3/4 cup strawberry jam; 1 pound bittersweet (not unsweetened) or semisweet chocolate, chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine cream and jam in heavy large saucepan. Whisk over medium-high heat until jam melts and mixture comes to boil. Add chocolate, remove from heat and whisk until chocolate melts and mixture is smooth. Refrigerate ganache just until thick enough to spread, whisking occasionally, about 1 hour 15 minutes. Combine cream and jam in heavy large saucepan. Whisk over medium-high heat until jam melts and mixture comes to boil. Add chocolate, remove from heat and whisk until chocolate melts and mixture is smooth. Refrigerate ganache just until thick enough to spread, whisking occasionally, about 1 h <END>
INPUT: gravy, vegetable oil, bulk breakfast sausage, all purpose flour, milk, Kosher salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Breakfast Pizza with Sausage Gravy | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, plus more for the pizzas and grill grates; 1 pound bulk breakfast sausage; 2 tablespoons all-purpose flour, plus more for dusting; 2 1/2 cups whole milk; Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper; 1 pound frozen pizza dough, thawed; 8 ounces sharp white Cheddar, shredded (about 3 heaping cups); 4 large eggs; 2 scallions, thinly sliced; Hot sauce, for serving | INSTRUCTIONS: Prepare an outdoor grill for medium heat. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper. Heat the oil in a large nonstick skillet over medium-high heat. Add the sausage, and cook, stirring and breaking up with a wooden spoon, until browned and cooked through, 8 to 10 minutes. Remove from the heat, and use a slotted spoon to transfer the sausage to a plate. Reserving 2 tablespoons of drippings in the skillet (drain or add oil as needed), return it to medium-high heat. Whisk in the flour, and cook, whisking frequently, until the mixture becomes loose and turns a light tan color, 1 to 2 minutes. Slowl <END>
INPUT: navy beans, dark sugar, stone spicy Dijon, water, bourbon
OUTPUT: TITLE: The 3 B's - Beans (Bacon, Brown Sugar and Bourbon) | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound dried navy beans, soaked overnight in a large bowl of water; 1 cup packed dark brown sugar; 1/2 cup stone-ground or spicy Dijon mustard; 1 1/4 cups water; 2/3 cup bourbon; 4 ounces slab bacon, rind removed and diced; Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: large Dutch oven Drain the beans and set aside. In a bowl, whisk together the brown sugar, mustard, water, and bourbon until the sugar is dissolved. Set aside. Cook the bacon until crisp in a large Dutch oven over medium heat. Remove the bacon and all but a couple of tablespoons of the bacon grease. Add the drained beans to the pot and stir in the bourbon sauce mixture. Bring the beans to a boil, then reduce the heat to low to maintain a gentle simmer. Cover and cook the beans, stirring every 20 minutes, until the beans are soft and the sauce is very thick, about 4 hours. On <END>
INPUT: sauce, capers, golden raisins, cauliflower florets, canola
OUTPUT: TITLE: Scallops and Cauliflower with Caper-Raisin Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/3 cup capers, drained of all but 1 tablespoon of their liquid; 1/3 cup golden raisins; 8 to 12 cauliflower florets; 4 tablespoons (1/2 stick) butter; 4 tablespoons canola, grapeseed, or other neutral-flavored oil; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 tablespoons minced parsley leaves; 12 large sea scallops (at least 1 pound) cut in half through their equators; 1/4 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg, plus a little more; 1 tablespoon sherry vinegar | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 250°F. Combine the capers and raisins in a small saucepan and add 3/4 cup water; simmer gently until the raisins are plump, about 10 minutes. Do not cook rapidly; you don't want to reduce the liquid. Let the mixture cool for a couple of minutes, then purée it in a blender. Return it to the saucepan. Meanwhile, use a sharp knife or mandoline to cut the cauliflower florets into 1/4-inch-thick slices; you will need a total of 24 slices. Place 1 tablespoon each butter and oil in a large skillet and sauté the cauliflower over medium high heat; do this in 2 or more batches to avo <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, vegetable, pizza, summer squash, vine tomatoes, onion, olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Summer Vegetable Pita Pizza | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 11/2 cups summer squash (about 2 medium sized) yellow and/or green; 2 vine ripe tomatoes; 1 red onion; 3 (6") round pitas; 1/4 cup olive oil; 1 cup Sabra Classic Hummus; 2 tsp. salt; black pepper and salt to taste | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. Slice summer squash in 1/4 inch rounds. Place in bowl and add 2 tbsp. olive oil and 1/4 teaspoon salt. 2. Peel and cut red onion in half. Then slice with the grain in -inch wedges. Repeat with second half. Place in bowl with 1 tbsp. olive oil. Sprinkle with salt and combine. 3. Cut tomatoes in half and slice in 4-6 half moon wedges. Repeat with second half. Place in bowl with 1 tbsp. olive oil and 1/4 teaspoon salt and combine. 4. Grill summer squash about 4 minutes on each side. Grill onions about 5 minutes, rotating once. Grill tomatoes about 5 minutes rotating once. 5. Warm pita on the g <END>
INPUT: Italian, soup, EVOO, eggplant, Salt pepper, bulb garlic, thyme
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Eggplant and Tomato Soup | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons EVOO, plus more for liberal drizzling; 1 medium to large firm eggplant, halved, scored with paring knife; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 bulb garlic, ends cut to expose the cloves; 2 tablespoons fresh thyme, chopped; 1 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes; 1 onion, chopped; 2 tablespoons tomato paste; 4 cups chicken stock; 1 cup dry white or red wine; One 32-ounce can fire roasted tomatoes of any variety (whole, diced or crushed); A few leaves fresh basil, torn, plus a few for garnish; Crumbled or grated ricotta salata, garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Pour enough oil to coat the center of a baking sheet. Season the scored eggplant with salt and pepper, then arrange the cut sides down in the EVOO. Drizzle the garlic with EVOO and season with salt and pepper. Wrap in a foil pouch and roast along with the eggplant until very tender, 40 minutes. Cool to handle. Heat 2 tablespoons EVOO, a couple of turns of the pan, in a Dutch oven over medium-high heat. Add the thyme, crushed red pepper flakes, onions and salt and pepper and stir to soften, 5 minutes. Add the tomato paste and sti <END>
INPUT: French, tart, puff pastry, leeks, water, whipping cream
OUTPUT: TITLE: Leek and Camembert Tart | CUISINE: French | INGREDIENTS: 1 17.3-ounce package frozen puff pastry (2 sheets), thawed; 2 tablespoons (1/4 stick) butter; 4 leeks (white and pale green parts only), sliced (about 4 cups); 1/4 cup water; 2/3 cup whipping cream; 4 ounces Camembert cheese, cut into 1/2-inch pieces; 1 large egg; Pinch of cayenne pepper; Pinch of ground nutmeg; 1/4 cup freshly grated Parmesan cheese | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 400°F. Roll out each pastry sheet on lightly floured surface to 12-inch square. Stack squares and roll to 15-inch square. Using 14-inch pizza pan as guide, cut stacked dough into 14-inch round. Crimp edge of dough to form 1/4-inch rim. Transfer to pizza pan or baking sheet. Freeze 10 minutes. Melt butter in heavy large skillet over medium heat. Add leeks and 1/4 cup water; cook until leeks are tender, about 15 minutes. Season leeks with salt; set aside to cool. Bring cream to simmer in medium saucepan over medium heat. Reduce heat to low; add Camembert and stir until melted. Re <END>
INPUT: charred, onion, celery, carrot, piece prosciutto, Italian parsley
OUTPUT: TITLE: Charred Octopus with Peach, Arugula and Aged Balsamic | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 small onion, peeled and quartered; 1 small celery stalk, sliced on the bias; 1/2 small carrot, peeled and sliced on the bias; 1 3-ounce piece prosciutto; 2 fresh Italian parsley sprigs; 3 garlic cloves, cut in half; 1/2 teaspoon cayenne pepper; 8 cups water, approx; 2 pounds octopus, head removed and tentacles separated; 2 tablespoons olive oil; -fine sea salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1/2 cup baby arugula; 1 peach, halved, pitted, and thinly sliced; 4 tablespoons aged (at least 8 years) balsamic vinegar; 1 lemon, cut in half | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine the onion, celery, carrot, prosciutto, parsley, garlic and cayenne pepper in a pot with about 8 cups of water. Season the water with salt and boil for 5 minutes to allow the flavors to infuse. Add the octopus and reduce the heat to medium-low. Simmer gently for about 1 hour or until the octopus is tender when gently pierced with a knife. Cool the octopus in the braising liquid at room temperature until cool enough to handle. Remove the octopus from the braising liquid and drain well. Heat a cast-iron skillet or a flat griddle over high heat until it is very hot. Season the octopus with <END>
INPUT: salad, bell pepper, English hothouse cucumber, oil cured olives, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Pepper, Cucumber, and Tomato Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 large green bell pepper; 3 (6-to 8-ounce) tomatoes, halved, seeded, cut into 1/2-inch cubes; 1 large English hothouse cucumber, peeled, halved lengthwise, seeded, cut into 1/2 -inch cubes; 3/4 cup oil-cured black olives, pitted, quartered; 2/3 cup chopped red onion; 1/3 cup chopped fresh Italian parsley; 5 tablespoons olive oil; 3 tablespoons fresh lemon juice | INSTRUCTIONS: Char pepper over gas flame or in broiler until blackened. Enclose in plastic bag 15 minutes. Peel, seed, and cut pepper into 1/3-inch cubes. Place in large bowl. Add tomatoes, cucumber, olives, onion, and parsley. Whisk oil and lemon juice in small bowl to blend; season with salt and pepper, then mix into vegetables. Let vegetables marinate at least 15 minutes before serving. DO AHEAD: Can be made 3 hours ahead. Cover and chill. Char pepper over gas flame or in broiler until blackened. Enclose in plastic bag 15 minutes. Peel, seed, and cut pepper into 1/3-inch cubes. Place in large bowl. Add t <END>
INPUT: American, meatloaf, coarse bread crumbs, milk, celery, carrot, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Turkey and Apricot Meatloaf | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup coarse fresh bread crumbs (from 2 slices white sandwich bread); 1/3 cup whole milk; 2 medium celery ribs, finely chopped; 1 medium carrot, finely chopped; 1 medium onion, finely chopped; 2 garlic cloves, finely chopped; 1 tablespoon ancho chile powder; 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 2 pound ground dark-meat turkey; 1/2 cup dried California apricots, finely chopped; 1/2 cup chopped flat-leaf parsley; 3 tablespoons apricot preserves, divided; 1 1/2 tablespoons soy sauce, divided; 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce; 2 large eggs, lightly beaten | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350°F with rack in middle. Soak bread crumbs in milk in a large bowl. Meanwhile, cook celery, carrot, onion, and garlic with chile powder and 1/2 teaspoon salt in oil in a large heavy skillet over medium heat, stirring occasionally, until softened, about 10 minutes. Add to bread-crumb mixture with turkey, dried apricots, parsley, 1 tablespoon preserves, 1 tablespoon soy sauce, Worcestershire sauce, eggs, 1 1/4 teaspoon salt, and 1/2 teaspoon pepper and mix with your hands until just combined. Form into a 9- by 5-inch oval loaf (mixture will spread slightly) in a 13- by 9-inch s <END>
INPUT: American, antipasto, prosciutto style country, asparagus, strawberries, arugula, crumbled feta cheese
OUTPUT: TITLE: Country Ham Antipasto | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 4 ounces thinly sliced prosciutto-style country ham; 4 ounces asparagus, cut into 1-inch pieces; 4 ounces strawberries, pitted and sliced thin; 1/2 cup arugula; 1/4 cup crumbled feta cheese; Balsamic glaze, to taste | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring water to a boil in a large pot. Add asparagus and cook until bright green but still crisp, about 1 minute. Drain and pat dry. Arrange country ham, asparagus, and strawberries onto a medium-sized serving platter. Garnish with arugula and feta. Drizzle with the balsamic glaze, to taste. <END>
INPUT: American, tart, all purpose flour, Kosher salt, unsalted butter, ice water, shallots
OUTPUT: TITLE: Goat Cheese Tart | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cups all-purpose flour, plus more for dusting the board; Kosher salt; 13 tablespoons cold unsalted butter, divided; 3 to 4 tablespoons ice water; 3/4 cup chopped shallots (3 to 4 shallots); 10 1/2 ounces garlic-and-herb soft goat cheese (recommended: Montrachet}; 1 cup heavy cream; 3 extra-large eggs; 1/4 cup chopped basil leaves; 1/8 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. For the crust, put the flour and 1/4 teaspoon salt in the bowl of a food processor fitted with the steel blade. Cut 12 tablespoons (1 1/2 sticks) of the butter into large dice, add to the bowl, and pulse until the butter is the size of peas. With the machine running, add the ice water all at once and process until the dough becomes crumbly. Don't overprocess. Dump the dough out on a floured board, gather it loosely into a ball, cover with plastic wrap, and refrigerate for 30 minutes. Roll the dough on a well-floured board and fit it into a 9-inch tart pan wit <END>
INPUT: American, rolled, cheese, sour cream, walnuts pecans, seedless grapes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grapes Rolled in Blue Cheese and Nuts | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 8 ounces blue cheese, crumbled; 3 tablespoons sour cream; 1 cup walnuts and pecans; 1 medium bunch seedless red grapes, separated; 1 medium bunch white seedless grapes, separated | INSTRUCTIONS: Blend the blue cheese and the sour cream and place in a shallow bowl (if the blue cheese is either too thin or dry to stick to grapes, adjust sour cream and cheese amounts accordingly). In a mini-chop or food processor, coarsely chop nuts. Place nuts in a separate shallow bowl. Roll grapes in blue cheese mixture, then roll grapes in nuts. Serve with toothpicks. <END>
INPUT: onion, garlic, olive oil, roasted peppers, walnuts
OUTPUT: TITLE: Red Pepper Dip with Walnuts | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 small onion, chopped; 2 large garlic cloves, sliced; 1/4 cup olive oil; a 12-ounce jar roasted red peppers, rinsed and drained (about 1 3/4 cups); 1/2 cup walnuts, toasted and cooled; 1/3 cup packed fresh basil leaves, washed well and spun dry; 1 slice homemade-type sandwich bread, chopped; 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; Accompaniment: toasted pita wedges | INSTRUCTIONS: In a skillet cook onion and garlic in oil over moderate heat, stirring, until softened. In a food processor blend remaining ingredients until nuts are chopped fine. With motor running, gradually add onion mixture and blend until incorporated. Season dip with salt. Serve dip with toasts. In a skillet cook onion and garlic in oil over moderate heat, stirring, until softened. In a food processor blend remaining ingredients until nuts are chopped fine. With motor running, gradually add onion mixture and blend until incorporated. Season dip with salt. Serve dip with toasts. <END>
INPUT: pureed, soup, big onions, unsalted butter, garlic, petite peas
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pureed Spinach and Sweet Pea Soup with Fresh Mint Cream | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 big yellow onions, coarsely chopped; 3 tablespoons unsalted butter; 2 cloves fresh garlic coarsely chopped; 2 (10-ounce) bag (or the equivalent) fresh spinach, rinsed; 2 1/2 cups frozen petite peas; 3 cups vegetable or chicken stock; 1/2 cup light cream; 1 tablespoon salt; Freshly ground black pepper; Fresh Mint Cream, recipe follows; 1/2 cup finely chopped fresh mint leaves; 1 cup sour cream; 1/2 cup half-and-half; Salt and pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Saute onions in the butter in a large soup pot over high heat, stirring occasionally to prevent onions from sticking until they begin to soften about 10 minutes. Add garlic, lower the heat to medium and continue cooking for another 10 minutes until onions are translucent. Stir in spinach and saute until wilted about 5 minutes more. Add peas and the stock to the pot and bring to a boil over high heat. Lower the heat and simmer, uncovered, for 10 minutes. Remove soup from heat and allow to cool for a few minutes. Using a food processor puree soup in small batches (use a second bowl to pour puree <END>
INPUT: mussels, wine, shallots, Turkish bay leaf, thyme
OUTPUT: TITLE: Steamed Mussels with White Wine and Parsley | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 pounds mussels, preferably small cultivated; 2 cups dry white wine; 3 shallots, finely chopped; 1 Turkish bay leaf; 2 fresh thyme sprigs or 1/2 teaspoon dried; 3 tablespoons finely chopped parsley; 1/4 pound unsalted butter (optional) pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Wash and sort the mussels, pulling off any pieces of protruding beard. Combine the wine, shallots, bay leaf, and thyme in a 10-quart pot and bring to a simmer over medium heat. Simmer for about 5 minutes, then add the mussels, cover the pot, and turn the heat up to high. When steam starts to shoot out from under the lid, turn the heat back down to medium. Leave the pot on the heat for 5 minutes more. Leave the lid on the pot and holding down the lid with a kitchen towel. Shake pot to redistribute the mussels. Put the pot back on the heat for 2 minutes more. Take off the lid and check to see if <END>
INPUT: sticks, ketchup, horseradish, lemon juice, Worcestershire sauce, hot sauce
OUTPUT: TITLE: Catfish Sticks | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cups ketchup; 2 tablespoons horseradish; 1 tablespoon lemon juice; 1 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce; 1 teaspoon hot sauce (recommended: Frank's Red Hot); 1 clove garlic, minced; Vegetable oil, for frying; 1 1/2 cups buttermilk; 2 eggs; 2 tablespoons cayenne pepper; 1 tablespoon salt; 1 1/2 teaspoons freshly ground black pepper; 2 catfish fillets (about 1 1/4 pounds), cut into roughly; 2 1/2 by 1-inch strips; 1 cup all-purpose flour 1 cup bread crumbs | INSTRUCTIONS: To make the sauce: Mix all ingredients in a bowl and refrigerate until serving. When ready to fry, fill a large heavy pot with enough oil to measure 1 1/2 inches up the side of the pan and heat to 350 degrees F. To make the catfish sticks: In a measuring glass, mix together buttermilk, eggs, cayenne, salt and pepper. Pour into a large plastic bag, then add the catfish. Seal, removing as much air as possible, and refrigerate for 10 minutes. Meanwhile place flour in a shallow bowl. Combine the bread crumbs with sugar and place in another shallow bowl. Remove fish from the buttermilk mixture and  <END>
INPUT: salad, olive oil, garlic, kosher salt, pepper, plum tomatoes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Tomato and Arugula Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup olive oil; 1 large clove garlic, minced; 1 1/4 teaspoons kosher salt; 3/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 12 large plum tomatoes, halved lengthwise and seeded; 2 tablespoons balsamic vinegar; 2 1/2 cups (loosely packed) arugula | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 250°F. Line large rimmed baking sheet with foil. In large bowl, stir together olive oil, garlic, 1 teaspoon salt, and 1/2 teaspoon pepper. Dip tomato halves into oil, shake off excess, and arrange on baking sheet, cut sides down. Roast until skins are wrinkled and beginning to brown, about 2 hours. (Tomatoes can be roasted ahead and refrigerated, covered, up to 2 days. Bring to room temperature before using.) In large bowl, whisk together remaining 1/2 cup olive oil, vinegar, remaining 1/4 teaspoon salt, and remaining 1/4 teaspoon pepper. Add arugula and tomatoes and toss to co <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, crimson, salad, virgin olive oil, oranges, fennel bulb
OUTPUT: TITLE: Golden and Crimson Beet Salad with Oranges, Fennel, and Feta | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 2 large (3-inch-diameter) red beets, all but 1 inch of tops trimmed; 2 large (3-inch-diameter) golden beets, all but 1 inch of tops trimmed; 5 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, divided; 4 oranges; 1 small fresh fennel bulb, trimmed, quartered, cored, cut into paper-thin strips; 1/4 cup finely chopped fresh mint; 1/4 cup finely chopped fresh Italian parsley; 1/4 cup hazelnuts, toasted, husked, halved; 1 small shallot, finely chopped; 1 tablespoon balsamic vinegar; Coarse kosher salt; Freshly ground white pepper; 1 1/2 cups coarsely crumbled feta cheese | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 400°F. Place all beets in 9x9x2-inch metal pan. Drizzle 3 tablespoons oil over; sprinkle with salt and pepper and toss to coat. Cover pan with foil and roast beets until tender, about 1 1/2 hours. Uncover and cool completely. Peel beets, cut into 1/2-inch cubes, and place in large bowl, each color on opposite side; sprinkle with salt and pepper. Do ahead Can be made 1 day ahead. Cover and chill. Bring to room temperature before using. Cut all peel and pith off oranges. Working over medium bowl to catch orange juice, cut between membranes, releasing segments. Add 1 cup orange se <END>
INPUT: pudding, rhubarb, sugar, butter, bread, heavy cream
OUTPUT: TITLE: Rhubarb Bread and Butter Pudding | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound red rhubarb, sliced into pieces; sugar; 1/2 stick butter; 12 slices white bread, crusts removed; 2 cups heavy cream; 1 cup milk; 4 large eggs, lightly beaten; 1 teaspoon vanilla; 3/4 cup sugar; 1 tablespoon plus 1 teaspoon sugar for sprinkling; Softly whipped cream | INSTRUCTIONS: Put sliced rhubarb into a bowl and sprinkle with sugar. Let macerate for 1 hour. Butter the bread and arrange 4 slices, buttered side down, in a buttered dish. Sprinkle with half the rhubarb, arrange another layer of bread, buttered side down, add rest of rhubarb and cover with last 4 bread slices. In a mixing bowl, whisk together 2 cups cream, 1 cup milk, 4 eggs, vanilla and 3/4 cups sugar. Pour mixture through a fine sieve over the bread. Sprinkle sugar over the top and let mixture stand, loosely covered, for at least 1 hour or refrigerate overnight. Bake in a bain-marie in a pre-heated 350  <END>
INPUT: polpette, virgin olive oil, parsley, garlic, pepper, eggs
OUTPUT: TITLE: Celery Polpette | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 1/3 cup plus 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley; 3 teaspoons minced garlic (about 3 cloves); Freshly ground pepper; 2 large eggs, lightly beaten; 3/4 cup breadcrumbs; 1/2 cup finely grated parmesan cheese (about 2 ounces); 1 tablespoon tomato paste; Pinch of red pepper flakes; Kosher salt; 1 large bunch celery | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Cut the celery stalks into 2-inch pieces (reserve the leaves). Boil the celery until tender, about 10 minutes. Drain and rinse with cold water, then spin in a salad spinner and pat dry. Pulse the celery in a food processor until chopped. Squeeze handfuls of the puree in a kitchen towel to remove excess water. Heat 1/4 cup olive oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Add the celery puree, 1/3 cup parsley, 2 teaspoons minced garlic and 1/2 teaspoon each salt and pepper. Cook, stirring, until soft, about 8 minutes. Transfer to a bowl and let coo <END>
INPUT: Irvine Spices Cajun, butter, scallions, button mushrooms
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mushroom Cajun Chicken | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 (6-ounce) chicken breasts; 2 tablespoons Irvine Spices Cajun Spice; 3 tablespoons butter; 12 scallions, white and tender green parts only, sliced on the diagonal; 2 cups fresh button mushrooms, sliced (about 6 ounces); 1/2 cup white wine; 1 (10 1/2-ounce) can condensed cream of mushroom soup; 1/2 cup demi-glace; 1/2 cup chopped fresh flat-leaf parsley, (about 1-ounce in weight) | INSTRUCTIONS: Rinse chicken breasts and pat them dry with paper toweling. Rub with Cajun spice and set aside. Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Melt butter over medium-high heat in a large skillet or saute pan with an oven safe handle, and saute scallions and mushrooms until they are tender and the mushrooms begin to give up their juices. With a slotted spoon remove mushrooms and scallions to a utility platter and keep covered (with aluminum foil or a lid) in a warm place. (Leave room on the platter for the chicken.) Add seasoned chicken to the skillet, searing all sides. Deglaze the pan with white wine, let s <END>
INPUT: Mexican, rolls, bokchoy, scallions, jumbo lump crabmeat, pickled ginger, lime
OUTPUT: TITLE: Crab Spring Rolls with Pink Grapefruit, Avocado and Toasted Almonds | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/4 heads bokchoy; 1/4 bunch scallions, minced; 3 ounces jumbo lump crabmeat, picked over; 1/2 teaspoon pickled ginger, chopped; 1 lime, juiced; 1 teaspoon chopped cilantro leaves; Salt and pepper; Vegetable oil, for frying; Spring roll wrappers; 3 egg yolks, beaten with a little water to make an egg wash; 1 pink grapefruit, segmented for garnish; 1 avocado, thinly sliced for garnish; 1-ounce almonds, toasted for garnish; 2 ounces mixed salad leaves for garnish; Pink Grapefruit Dressing, recipe follows | INSTRUCTIONS: Shred, wash, and blanch the bokchoy in boiling water for a few minutes or until tender. Add the scallions during the last 30 seconds of blanching. Refresh both in an ice bath, drain, and lightly squeeze out the excess water from both the bok choy and the scallions. Mix together with the crabmeat, pickled ginger, lime juice and cilantro. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. In a large, heavy pot, heat oil to 365 degrees F. Spoon the crab mixture onto each wrapper, covering 3/4 of the wrapper. Brush the remaining 1/4 of the wrapper with the egg wash. Fold sides in, roll up and press lightly to <END>
INPUT: biscotti, flour, baking powder, baking soda, salt, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Toasted Hazelnut-Almond Biscotti | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups flour; 1/2 teaspoon baking powder; 1/2 teaspoon baking soda; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 1 cup sugar; 1/3 cup blanched whole almonds, toasted; 12 ounces bittersweet chocolate, cut into small chunks with a heavy knife; 1 1/2 cups whole hazelnuts, toasted and peeled; 2 eggs; 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract; 1/4 teaspoon pure almond extract; 2 tablespoons almond liqueur (recommended: Amaretto); Up to 4 tablespoons water | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat oven to 375 degrees F. Grease a large sheet pan. Sift the flour, baking powder, baking soda, salt, and sugar together. Transfer 1/2 cup of the mixture to a food processor. Add the toasted almonds and grind until fine and powdery, about 45 seconds. Add to the dry ingredients. Add the chopped chocolate and whole hazelnuts and mix. Whisk the eggs, extracts, and almond liqueur together. Add to the dry ingredients and mix. The dough may seem dry, but it will come together as you work it. If the dough doesn't come together, add water. Turn the dough out onto a lightly floured surface and divide <END>
INPUT: terrine, shallots, milk, Moulard duck breasts, kosher salt table, pepper, thyme
OUTPUT: TITLE: Duck Terrine with Wine-Glazed Shallots | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/3 cup milk; 2 Moulard duck breasts* (1 3/4 to 2 lb total); 4 teaspoons kosher salt or 2 teaspoons table salt; 1 teaspoon black pepper; 1 teaspoon chopped fresh thyme or 1/4 teaspoon dried, crumbled; 1/2 teaspoon chopped fresh marjoram or 1/8 teaspoon dried, crumbled; 1/4 teaspoon ground allspice; 1/4 teaspoon ground ginger; 2 tablespoons Tawny Port; 1 tablespoon Cognac or other brandy; 1/2 cup heavy cream; 1 large egg, lightly beaten; 1/2 cup shelled pistachios (2 1/2 oz); 1 1/2 cups dry red wine; 1/4 cup red-wine vinegar | INSTRUCTIONS: Prepare duck terrine: Freeze milk in a shallow dish, scraping once or twice with a fork to break up crystals, until frozen, about 1 hour. Pull skin with fat off duck breast with your fingers, using a knife when necessary, then cut both skin with fat and breast meat lengthwise into 1-inch pieces that will fit in grinder. Chill meat and skin with fat, wrapped separately in plastic wrap, in freezer until firm but not frozen, about 1 hour. Set a medium bowl in a larger bowl of ice and cold water under grinder to catch ground meat, then feed meat (only) through grinder. Replace medium bowl in ice w <END>
INPUT: Italian, sauce, tomatoes, virgin olive oil, onion, garlic, thyme leaves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fresh Tomato, Basil, and Garlic Sauce over Angel Hair Pasta | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 2 pounds ripe tomatoes; 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1 red onion, finely chopped; 3 garlic cloves, thinly sliced; 1 tablespoon fresh thyme leaves; 1 oregano sprig; Pinch chili flakes; 1 teaspoon sugar; 1 pound dried angel hair pasta; 1/4 cup grated Parmesan, plus more for garnish; 1/4 cup chiffonade basil, plus whole sprigs for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring a large pot of water to a boil and prepare an ice water bath. Cut a small "x" on the bottom of each tomato. In batches, place the tomatoes in the boiling water and blanch them for about 30 seconds to 1 minute, or until the skins are easy to peel away. Remove and immediately plunge into the ice bath. Peel the tomatoes and halve horizontally. Squeeze out the seeds, using your fingers to get them all. Roughly chop the peeled and seeded tomatoes. Set aside. (You can also use whole peeled canned tomatoes. Simply drain them, seed, and roughly chop). Heat a large saute pan over medium high heat <END>
INPUT: Mexican, gazpacho, zucchini, squash, bell pepper, onion, jalapeno
OUTPUT: TITLE: Avocado Corn Gazpacho | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 zucchini, coarsely chopped; 1 yellow squash, coarsely chopped; 1 red bell pepper, coarsely chopped; 1 small yellow onion, coarsely chopped; 1 jalapeno, seeds removed, coarsely chopped; 1 teaspoon chopped garlic; 3 ripe avocados; 1 1/2 cups fresh corn, cut from 1 or 2 cobs. (frozen may be used, but when in season, you cannot beat fresh corn!); 1/3 cup finely chopped cilantro leaves; 1/2 cup lime juice; 5 to 5 1/2 cups ice cold water; 1 teaspoon salt; 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Put the zucchini, yellow onion, bell pepper, onion, serrano and garlic in bowl of food processor and pulse briefly. The pieces should be small but not minced or soupy. Transfer the vegetable mixture to a large bowl. Halve and pit the avocados. Put 1/2 an avocado in the food processor and pulse to puree. Dice the remaining 1 1/2 avocados. To the bowl of vegetables, add the avocado puree, diced avocado, fresh corn, tomatoes, cilantro, lime juice, cold water, and salt and pepper. Mix gently with a large spoon. Taste and adjust the salt and pepper, to taste. Cover an <END>
INPUT: raisins, apple cider, butter, onion, celery
OUTPUT: TITLE: Apple and Mortadella Stuffing | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/3 cup raisins; 4 1/2 cups apple cider; 1 1/2 tablespoons butter; 1 medium onion, diced; 3 celery stalks, split lengthwise and cut into 1/4-inch slices; 3 tablespoons pine nuts; 8 ounces mortadella, cut into 1/4-inch dice; 1 cup pitted and coarsely chopped green olives; 2 apples, peeled, cored, and diced; 6 fresh sage leaves, chopped; 6 cups day-old sourdough bread (crusts removed), cut into 1-inch cubes; 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt; 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: To plump the raisins, combine them with the apple cider in a small saucepan and bring to a boil over medium heat. Immediately remove from the heat and set aside. In a large, nonreactive saucepan or Dutch oven, melt the butter over medium heat. Add the onion, celery, and pine nuts. Cook, stirring occasionally, without coloring, 6 to 8 minutes. Add the mortadella, olives, apples, and sage and cook 5 more minutes. Strain the raisins, reserving the cider, and add the raisins to the saucepan. Stir in the bread cubes, season with the salt and pepper, and add the reserved cider. Bring to a boil, lowe <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, vinaigrette, Kalamata other brine, bottled roasted pepper, garlic, Dijon mustard, wine vinegar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Sea Scallops and Tomatoes with Olive Vinaigrette | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup chopped pitted Kalamata or other brine-cured black olives; 1 tablespoon finely chopped bottled roasted red pepper; 1/2 teaspoon minced garlic; 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard; 1 tablespoon red-wine vinegar; 1/4 teaspoon fresh lemon juice; 1/4 cup olive oil (preferably extra-virgin); 1/2 pound sea scallops, rinsed and drained; 2 medium vine-ripened tomatoes, cut into wedges; 2 cups arugula, stems discarded and leaves washed well and spun dry | INSTRUCTIONS: In a blender blend olives, roasted pepper, garlic, mustard, vinegar, lemon juice, with salt and pepper to taste until smooth. With motor running, add 3 tablespoons oil in a stream and blend vinaigrette until emulsified. Discard small tough muscle from side of each scallop if necessary and in a small bowl toss scallops with remaining tablespoon oil and salt and pepper to taste. Heat a well-seasoned ridged grill pan over high heat until hot and grill scallops until just cooked through, 2 to 3 minutes on each side. Transfer scallops to a plate and keep warm. Grill tomatoes over high heat until te <END>
INPUT: onions, pork shoulder, orange juice, Juice lemon, Canola oil, flour
OUTPUT: TITLE: Crispy Pork with Asparagus and Pickled Onions | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 7 ounces pork shoulder; 2 ounces orange juice; Juice of 1/2 lemon; Canola oil, for frying; 2 tablespoons flour; 1 tablespoon cornstarch; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 clove garlic, crushed; 1 ounce red wine vinegar; 1 teaspoon sugar; 1 slice red onion, cut into a julienne; 1/2 tablespoon unsalted butter; 1 clove garlic; 4 to 5 asparagus spears, halved (about 2 ounces); Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: a deep fryer or large pot For the pork: Marinate the pork in the orange juice, lemon juice and garlic in a baking dish in the refrigerator overnight. Preheat the oven to 280 degrees F. Remove the pork from the marinade, transfer to a baking dish and cover with foil. Roast until tender, about 4 hours. Let cool until firm. Heat the oil in a deep fryer or large pot. Combine the flour, cornstarch, salt and pepper in a shallow bowl. Dredge the pork in the flour mixture and fry until warmed through and crispy, 4 to 5 minutes. For the pickled onions: Bring the vinegar to a boil in  <END>
INPUT: timing, deviled, dozen eggs, mustard, shallots, mayonnaise
OUTPUT: TITLE: 2-Timing Lobster Deviled Eggs | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 dozen eggs; 2 (1 1/4 pound) lobsters, steamed, shelled, and chopped; 1 tablespoon of mustard; 3 shallots; 2 tablespoons of mayonnaise; 2 tablespoons of capers; 1 bunch of minced chives | INSTRUCTIONS: Simmer eggs in lightly salted water for 12 to 15 minutes. Run under cold water until eggs are cool, then crack and peel cleanly. Split eggs neatly and remove yolks. In a large mixing bowl blend lobster, mustard, shallots, mayonnaise, capers and chives. Season with salt and pepper. Fill eggs with lobster salad and garnish with chives. <END>
INPUT: adobo, filled, lobster tails, sweet corn, masa corn flour, Monterey Jack, hot water
OUTPUT: TITLE: Adobo Glazed Lobster on filled Black Bean Arepas | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 lobster tails, shell removed; 5 ounces sweet corn; 2 1/2 ounces masa corn flour; 1 1/2 ounces Monterey Jack; 1 tablespoon hot water; 1 teaspoon sugar; Salt; 3 ounces bacon, diced; 3 ounces white onion, diced; 2 tablespoons minced garlic; 3 ounces celery, diced; 1 serrano chile; 1 ounce cilantro, finely chopped; 10 ounces black beans; 2 quarts chicken stock | INSTRUCTIONS: Begin by making the arepas. Place the corn in the blender and pulse until mostly pureed. In a mixing bowl, combine the pureed corn with the rest of the ingredients and mix until a semi-dry dough is formed. Form the dough into rounds and cook on a flat grill for 2 to 3 minutes on each side. To prepare the black beans, fry the bacon in a saucepan until all the fat is rendered. Add all of the vegetables and fry until soft. Add the black beans and chicken stock and simmer until beans are soft, approximately 2 hours. Once the beans have cooked, place the mixture in a blender, puree, and strain. Ret <END>
INPUT: salad, zucchini, virgin olive oil, lemon juice taste, basil, Hot pepper flakes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Marinated Zucchini Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 small zucchini, scrubbed and sliced very thin using a mandoline; 4 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil; Fresh lemon juice to taste; 4 tablespoons shredded fresh basil; Hot pepper flakes to taste | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 450 degrees. Arrange the zucchini slices in 1 layer in several sheet pans which have been lightly brushed with some of the oil. Lightly brush the tops with some of the remaining oil and bake the slices for 7 to 10 minutes or until they are golden brown. Sprinkle with salt to taste and let cool. Transfer to a serving bowl and toss with the lemon juice, basil and pepper flakes. <END>
INPUT: Asian, cool, broth, An assortment freshest, pineapple juice, Juice lemons, honey, ginger
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fresh Fruit in a Cool Ginger Broth | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: An assortment of the freshest fruit available: Some suggestions - blueberries, blackberries, sliced pitted peaches or plums, kiwis peeled and quartere; 1 cup pineapple juice; Juice of 2 lemons; 3 tablespoons honey; 2 tablespoons grated fresh ginger; 1/3 cup Grand Marnier | INSTRUCTIONS: Since this is an assortment of fruit served in a broth, count on any single piece of fruit yielding 4 portions. Two peaches, for example, would be more than sufficient. Take your time to clean and slice the fruit as neatly as possible. This is a recipe where presentation counts. The fruits can be cut ahead of time. Sprinkle with lemon juice and cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate until ready. To make the broth, combine the pineapple juice, lemon juice, honey, ginger and Grand Mariner in a saucepan. Bring quickly to a boil, reduce to a simmer and cook 5 minutes before removing from heat. Co <END>
INPUT: pepper, pork tenderloin, butter, chicken stock broth, lemon juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pork Medallions with Lemon and Capers | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon coarsely ground black pepper; 1 1/2 pounds pork tenderloin, cut into 1-inch-thick medallions; 4 tablespoons butter; 1 cup chicken stock or canned broth; 1/4 cup fresh lemon juice; 2 tablespoons capers, drained; 1/4 cup peeled diced lemon segments (optional); Chopped fresh chives or green onion tops | INSTRUCTIONS: Press pepper onto both sides of pork pieces. Heat 1 tablespoon butter in heavy large skillet over medium heat. Season pork with salt. Cook until just cooked through, about 4 minutes per side. Transfer to plates and keep warm. Add stock and lemon juice to skillet. Boil until reduced to 1/2 cup, about 7 minutes. Whisk in remaining 3 tablespoons butter. Add capers and lemon segments if desired. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Pour sauce over pork. Sprinkle with chives and serve. Press pepper onto both sides of pork pieces. Heat 1 tablespoon butter in heavy large skillet over medium heat. Se <END>
INPUT: sixth, engine, Piment d'Espelette cayenne, basil, pepper, anise powder
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sixth Engine's Grilled Shrimp With Tasso Ham, Black Eyed Peas, and Sherry Butter Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 1/8 ounces ground Piment d'Espelette or 1 3/4 ounces cayenne pepper; 1 1/3 ounces dried basil; 1/2 ounce ground white pepper; 1/3 ounce anise powder; 1/3 ounce freshly ground black pepper; 1/8 ounce mustard powder; 1 pound kosher salt; 15 ounces dextrose; 2 2/3 ounces pink salt or basic dry cure number 1; 1 whole boneless pork loin; 2 cups dried black-eyed peas; 1 smoked ham hock; Salt; 2 ribs celery, diced; 1 small white onion, diced | INSTRUCTIONS: For the tasso spice: Mix together the Espelette, basil, white pepper, anise, black pepper and mustard powder. Store in an airtight container in a dry place for up to 6 months. For the dry cure: Mix together the salt, dextrose and pink salt. Store in an airtight container in a dry place for up to 6 months. For the tasso ham: Coat the pork loin in the dry cure. Place in a nonreactive container and let cure in the refrigerator for 1 week. Preheat a smoker to 225 degrees F. Remove the pork, rinse off the cure with cold water and pat dry. Coat the pork in tasso spice, and then smoke until the inter <END>
INPUT: Indian, soup, unsalted butter, Granny Smith apples, parsnips, onion, coriander
OUTPUT: TITLE: Apple and Parsnip Soup with Coriander | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1 1/2 pounds Granny Smith apples, peeled, cored, sliced; 1 1/2 pounds parsnips, peeled, sliced; 1 large onion, chopped; 1 1/2 teaspoons ground coriander; 4 cups (or more) canned chicken broth; Chopped fresh parsley; Apple slices (optional) | INSTRUCTIONS: Melt butter in heavy large Dutch oven over medium-high heat. Add apples, parsnips, onion and coriander and sauté until slightly softened, about 12 minutes. Add 4 cups broth and bring to boil. Reduce heat to medium-low, cover and simmer until apples and parsnips are tender, about 40 minutes. Puree soup in blender in batches. Return puree to saucepan. Thin with more broth if desired. (Can be made 1 day ahead. Cover and chill. Rewarm over medium heat before continuing.) Season soup with salt and pepper. Ladle into bowls. Sprinkle with parsley; garnish with apple slices if desired and serve. Melt  <END>
INPUT: Italian, pasta, spinach linguine, Salt pepper taste, oil, unsalted butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sauteed Chicken Breast with Fresh Spinach Pasta | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 pound fresh spinach linguine; 4 (6-ounce each) chicken breasts; Salt and pepper to taste; 2 tablespoons oil; 4 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1 small onion, minced; 1 medium celery stalk, finely diced; 1 small carrot, finely diced; Sprig of fresh rosemary or 1/4 teaspoon dried and crumbled; 1 bay leaf; 1/4 cup Madeira wine; 1/4 cup chicken broth; 1 cup heavy cream; 2 tablespoons minced fresh herbs-(such as tarragon, chives, chervil or parsley); Fresh lemon juice to taste | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil, add linguine and cook until a little less than al dente, about 8 minutes. Season chicken breasts with salt and pepper. Heat a deep skillet over medium-high heat. Add oil and 1 tablespoon of butter, heat until the butter is melted. Then add the chicken breasts, skin side down and cook for 2 to 3 minutes on each side, or until lightly colored. When done, transfer chicken breasts to a plate and set aside. Discard any fat from your skillet. Now, to the skillet add 2 tablespoons of butter, heat until butter is melted. Add onion, celery, carrots and salt  <END>
INPUT: purees, cinnamon, hard fruit, filtered water
OUTPUT: TITLE: F is for Fruit Purees | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Pinch of cinnamon; 1 ripe hard fruit, such as an apricot, apple, or pear (if using plums, use 2), halved and pitted or cored; 1/4 cup filtered water | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 400°F. Sprinkle a pinch of cinnamon, if using, on each apricot half and place flesh down on a glass baking dish. Pour in the water and bake for 20 to 25 minutes, until the flesh is very soft when pierced with a fork. Remove the skin from the flesh with a knife. Using a handheld immersion blender, a blender, or a food processor, puree the fruit and add some or all of the pan juices until the desired consistency is reached. Serve at room temperature. Preheat the oven to 400°F. Sprinkle a pinch of cinnamon, if using, on each apricot half and place flesh down on a glass baking  <END>
INPUT: Juice oranges, honey, vanilla bean, pineapple, container Greek yogurt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Honey-Roasted Pineapple with Greek Yogurt | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Juice of 2 oranges (1/2 cup); 1/4 cup honey; 1 vanilla bean, split and scraped; 1/2 a fresh pineapple, peeled, cored and cut into 1/2-inch-thick slices; One 7-ounce container 2 percent Greek yogurt | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: 9-by-13-inch broiler-proof baking dish Position an oven rack in the upper third of the oven, and preheat to 450 degrees F. Combine 1 cup water, orange juice, honey and vanilla bean pod and seeds in a small saucepan. Bring to a boil, stirring occasionally to loosen the honey. Turn off the heat, and leave the saucepan on the stove. (You may need to reduce the roasting juices a little more once the pineapple is cooked.) Arrange the pineapple slices in a broiler-proof 9-by-13 baking dish. Pour the orange syrup over the pineapple. Roast, basting occasionally, until the pineapple  <END>
INPUT: soup, beef broth, egg yolks, heavy cream, Riesling wine, cinnamon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Wine Soup | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 1/2 cups beef broth; 6 egg yolks; 1/2 cup heavy cream; 1/2 cup Riesling wine; Pinch cinnamon; Salt, to taste; 2 to 3 slices country bread, toasted and cut into small croutons | INSTRUCTIONS: In a pot, heat the broth over medium heat until well heated, keeping it at a simmer. Do not bring to a boil. Beat the egg yolks and cream together until they are thick. Mix in wine, cinnamon, and salt. Temper egg yolk and broth. Pour mixture into the broth, mixing continually until the soup is well mixed and creamy. Do not let it boil. Serve with croutons sprinkled over soup. <END>
INPUT: Asian, matzo, balls, lemongrass, celery, garlic, Peel lime
OUTPUT: TITLE: Leek and Ginger Matzo Balls in Lemongrass Consommé | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 2 (3 3/4–4-pound) chickens, quartered; 4 whole lemongrass stalks, halved lengthwise, cut into 3-inch pieces; 2 celery stalks, cut into 3-inch pieces; 2 garlic cloves, peeled, halved; Peel of 1 large lime, cut off in strips with vegetable peeler; 1/2 large white onion; 1 6- to 7-inch piece large leek (white and pale green parts only), halved lengthwise; 1 1-inch-long piece fresh ginger, peeled, halved; 1 tablespoon (or more) fresh lemon juice; 4 large eggs; 1/3 cup finely chopped leek (white and pale green parts only); 1/3 cup chicken fat (reserved from consommé or purchased), melted, cooled; 2 tablespoons chicken broth or club soda; 1 1/2 teaspoons coarse kosher salt; 1 teaspoon finely grated peeled fresh ginger | INSTRUCTIONS: For consommé: Place chicken in extra-large pot. Add next 7 ingredients, then enough cold water to cover (about 18 cups). Bring to boil over medium-high heat. Reduce heat to medium-low and simmer soup 2 hours, skimming impurities from surface. Let stand 30 minutes. Strain consommé into large saucepan. Boil until reduced to 8 cups, if necessary. Add 1 tablespoon lemon juice; season with salt and pepper. DO AHEAD: Can be made 2 days ahead. Chill uncovered until cold, then cover and keep chilled (fat will form solid layer on top). Place chicken in extra-large pot. Add next 7 ingredients, then enou <END>
INPUT: salad, balsamic vinegar, sugar, leeks, virgin olive oil, frisée
OUTPUT: TITLE: Asian Pear and Frisée Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup balsamic vinegar; 1 teaspoon packed brown sugar; 2 medium leeks (white and pale green parts only), halved lengthwise and thinly sliced; 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 1/2 pound frisée, torn (8 cups); 1 large Asian pear (8 to 10 ounces), thinly sliced | INSTRUCTIONS: Boil vinegar with sugar and 1/4 teaspoon salt in a small heavy saucepan, stirring, until reduced by half, about 3 minutes. Transfer to a cup. Wash leeks and pat dry. Cook in oil with 1/4 teaspoon salt in cleaned saucepan over medium heat, stirring occasionally, until softened, about 5 minutes. Arrange frisée and pear on plates. Drizzle with hot leeks in oil, then vinegar reduction. Grind pepper over salads. Boil vinegar with sugar and 1/4 teaspoon salt in a small heavy saucepan, stirring, until reduced by half, about 3 minutes. Transfer to a cup. Wash leeks and pat dry. Cook in oil with 1/4 te <END>
INPUT: pizzas, balsamic vinegar, Flatout Light Italian, Prego Light Homestyle, baby spinach, grape tomatoes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spinach-Artichoke Flatbread Pizzas | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup balsamic vinegar; 6 Flatout Light Italian Herb flatbreads; 3/4 cup Prego Light Homestyle Alfredo sauce; 6 cups baby spinach; 3 cups grape tomatoes, halved; 1 (15-ounce) can quartered artichoke hearts, drained and chopped; 3/4 cup shredded reduced-fat mozzarella cheese (I like Sargento) | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350˚F. Line 2 baking sheets with foil. In a small saucepan, bring the balsamic vinegar to a boil over medium heat. Reduce the heat to medium-low and simmer until the balsamic vinegar starts to thicken and has reduced by half, 20 to 25 minutes. Meanwhile, lay out the flatbreads on the prepared baking sheets and coat with cooking spray. Bake for 5 to 6 minutes. Remove from the oven but leave the oven on. Spread 2 tablespoons Alfredo sauce evenly onto each flatbread. Top each with 1 cup spinach, 1/2 cup grape tomatoes, 1/4 cup artichokes, and 2 tablespoons mozzarella. Return t <END>
INPUT: Asian, salad, vegetable oil, ginger, pepper, uncooked jumbo shrimp, lime juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spicy Grilled Shrimp with Rice and Mango Salad and Sesame Sugar Snap Peas | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons vegetable oil; 2 teaspoons minced fresh ginger; 1/4 teaspoon dried crushed red pepper; 16 uncooked jumbo shrimp, peeled, deveined; 3 tablespoons fresh lime juice; 2 tablespoons soy sauce; 3 cups cooked short-grain brown rice (about 1 1/4 cups uncooked); 1 mango, peeled, pitted, chopped; 4 green onions, thinly sliced; 8 ounces sugar snap peas; 1 teaspoon oriental sesame oil; 1 teaspoon sesame seeds; 4 10- to 12-inch metal skewers | INSTRUCTIONS: Whisk 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 1 teaspoon ginger, and crushed red pepper in bowl. Add shrimp; toss. Chill 2 hours. Whisk 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 teaspoon ginger, lime juice, and soy sauce in another bowl. Add rice, mango, and onions; toss well. Cover rice salad; let stand at room temperature. Boil sugar snap peas in salted water until crisp-tender, about 1 minute. Drain peas and transfer to medium bowl. Toss peas with sesame oil and sesame seeds. Prepare barbecue (medium-high heat). Thread 4 shrimp onto each of 4 skewers. Grill shrimp until just opaque in center, about 2 minutes per  <END>
INPUT: Mexican, garlic powder, onion powder, cumin, oregano
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mojito Chicken | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 (2 1/2 to 3-pound) chicken; 2 tablespoons garlic powder; 1 tablespoon onion powder; 1/4 teaspoon ground cumin; 1 tablespoon dried oregano; 2 tablespoons kosher salt; 1 tablespoon freshly ground black pepper; 1 teaspoon paprika; Marinade, recipe follows; 4 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; Mojito Glaze, recipe follows; 1 cup orange juice; 2 limes, juiced; 1/4 cup white wine vinegar; 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Remove backbone of chicken with poultry shears; flatten chicken out by pressing firmly on skin part of chicken so it will sit evenly in a pan. Preheat oven to 300 degrees F. Combine all the dry spices and rub chicken with spice mixture, especially under the skin. Put into a resealable plastic bag and refrigerate for 30 minutes. In a large mixing bowl combine all the ingredients for the marinade, then add chicken to marinade and refrigerate for at least 1 hour. Remove chicken from marinade and shake off excess marinade. In a large saute pan over medium to high hea <END>
INPUT: mashed, turnips, russet potato, butter, shallots, sage
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mashed Turnips and Sage | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 large turnips, peeled and cubed; 1 large russet potato, peeled and cubed; 3 tablespoons butter; 2 shallots, chopped; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh sage; 1 cup milk; Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Add the turnips and potatoes to a large pot of cold salted water. Bring to a boil, then reduce to a simmer and cook until soft and tender, about 20 minutes. In a small saucepan, add the butter over medium-high heat. Once melted and foamy, add the shallots and sage and saute until the shallot is tender, the sage is fragrant and the butter begins to brown. Season with salt and pepper. Add the milk and bring to a simmer. (This will infuse the milk with the sage flavor.) Drain the turnips and potatoes in a colander in the sink. Add the turnips and potatoes back to the pot they were cooked in. Add  <END>
INPUT: herbed, olive oil, onions, garlic, thyme, spinach
OUTPUT: TITLE: Brisket with Herbed Spinach Stuffing | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons olive oil; 2 cups chopped onions; 4 garlic cloves, finely chopped; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh thyme; 1 10-ounce package frozen chopped spinach, thawed, squeezed dry; 2 whole matzo sheets, finely crumbled (about 1 cup); 1 large egg, beaten to blend; 1 4-pound flat-cut brisket; 2 pounds onions, thinly sliced; 2 1/4 cups canned chicken broth; 3 large carrots, peeled, cut into 1-inch pieces; 3 celery stalks, sliced; 5 garlic cloves, peeled; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh thyme; 1 bay leaf | INSTRUCTIONS: Make stuffing: Heat oil in heavy large skillet over medium heat. Add onions, garlic and thyme; sauté until onions soften, about 5 minutes. Cool 15 minutes. Mix in spinach and matzo. Season stuffing with salt and pepper. Mix in egg. Heat oil in heavy large skillet over medium heat. Add onions, garlic and thyme; sauté until onions soften, about 5 minutes. Cool 15 minutes. Mix in spinach and matzo. Season stuffing with salt and pepper. Mix in egg. Make brisket: Preheat oven to 350°F. Cut deep pocket in 1 side of brisket, leaving 3/4-inch border of meat uncut on remaining 3 sides. Fill pocket with <END>
INPUT: crisp, Cortland other apples, flour, sugar, cinnamon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Apple Crisp | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 8 medium Cortland or other cooking apples; 1 cup flour; 1/2 cup brown sugar; 1/2 cup white sugar; 1 teaspoon cinnamon; 1/2 cup butter or margarine | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Peel, core, and cut the apples into thin slices. Place them in a 9 by 13-inch baking dish. In a bowl with a pastry cutter, mix the remaining ingredients until they are well blended and resemble coarse cornmeal. Sprinkle the mixture over the apples, and bake until apples are tender, about 30 to 35 minutes. Serve warm or cold. <END>
INPUT: baby, greens, fennel bulb, Olive oil, Salt pepper, pkg., bacon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Fennel, Tomato and Baby Greens Salad with Bacon | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 large fennel bulb, trimmed, cut through core into 1/3-inch-thick slices; Olive oil; Salt and ground black pepper, to taste; 1 pkg. (7.75 oz.) DOLE® Extra Veggie™ with Grape Tomatoes; 3 to 4 slices bacon, cooked, drained and crumbled; Red Wine Vinaigrette, recipe follows; Red Wine Vinaigrette:; 3 tablespoons red wine vinegar; 1 garlic clove; 1/2 teaspoon salt and 1/2 teaspoon black pepper; 1/3 cup olive oil; 1/2 teaspoon Dijon-style mustard; 1/2 teaspoon dried oregano crushed | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat grill to medium-high heat. Lightly brush fennel slices with oil; season with salt and pepper, to taste. Grill 14 to 15 minutes, turning once, or until tender crisp. Cut slices in half. Combine salad blend, tomatoes from pouch, fennel and bacon in large bowl. Toss with Red Wine Vinaigrette, to taste. Red Wine Vinaigrette: Whisk together 2 tablespoons lime juice, 2 tablespoons orange juice, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 teaspoons sugar, 1 teaspoon red wine vinegar, 1/8 teaspoon ground cayenne pepper and salt, to taste until well blended. Makes about 1/3 cup. <END>
INPUT: Italian, breadcrumbs made from, Parmesan cheese, sage, lemon peel, eggs
OUTPUT: TITLE: Baked Pork Chops with Parmesan-Sage Crust | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cups fresh breadcrumbs made from crustless French bread; 1 cup freshly grated Parmesan cheese (about 3 ounces); 1 tablespoon dried rubbed sage; 1 teaspoon grated lemon peel; 2 large eggs; 1/4 cup all purpose flour; 4 bone-in center-cut pork loin chops (each about 1 inch thick); 2 tablespoons (1/4 stick) butter; 2 tablespoons olive oil; Lemon wedges (optional); Orange wedges (optional) | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 425°F. Mix breadcrumbs, cheese, sage and lemon peel in pie dish. Whisk eggs in medium bowl to blend. Place flour on plate; season generously with salt and pepper. Coat pork chops on both sides with flour; shake off excess. Dip chops into eggs, then coat on both sides with breadcrumb mixture. Melt butter with oil in heavy large ovenproof skillet over medium-high heat. Add pork chops to skillet and cook until golden brown, about 2 minutes per side. Transfer skillet with pork to oven. Bake until pork chops are crisp on the outside and meat thermometer inserted into pork registers  <END>
INPUT: Italian, wagon wheel, lima beans, olive oil, onion, crème fraîche
OUTPUT: TITLE: Wagon-Wheel Pasta & Goat Cheese | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 pound wagon-wheel (or any short) pasta; 1 10-ounce box frozen lima beans; 1 tablespoon olive oil; 1 large onion, sliced thinly; 2 tablespoons crème fraîche (or sour cream); 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh thyme (optional); 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt; 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 4 ounces creamy aged goat cheese, cut into small chunks | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil, then add the pasta. 2. After 5 minutes, add the lima beans. 3. Meanwhile, heat the olive oil in a skillet over medium heat. Add the onion and cook until browned, about 7 minutes. 4. When the pasta is ready, drain it with the beans (reserving 1/2 cup of the liquid), then return the pasta and beans to the pot along with the onion, crème fraîche, thyme (if using), salt, pepper, goat cheese, and the reserved water. Toss together and serve. 1. Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil, then add the pasta. 2. After 5 minutes, add the lima beans. 3. M <END>
INPUT: virgin olive oil, garlic, clams, wine, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Manila Clams | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup extra virgin olive oil; 2 teaspoons garlic chopped; 3 pounds clams (Manila, cockles, or littlenecks); 1/2 white wine; 1/2 teaspoon crushed red pepper, or more to taste; 3 teaspoons ground fennel seeds; 3 teaspoons lemon zest, finely chopped, yellow only; 2 tablespoons lemon juice; 1 1/2 cups tomatoes, cored, seeded, chopped into small pieces; 1/4 cup parsley, chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large saute pan cook the garlic in the olive oil until golden brown. Do not burn. Add the clams to the hot oil. **Be careful not to burn yourself. Add the wine, red pepper, fennel seed, lemon zest and juice. Raise the heat to high and steam the clams for 6 to 8 minutes until all the clams are open. Arrange the clams in 6 bowls using a slotted spoon. Add the tomatoes and parsley to the boiling broth and cook for 1 minute. Ladle the broth over the clams and serve. <END>
INPUT: sauce, imported cepes, Kosher salt, cepes, duck goose fat, Jambon de Bayonne
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sauce de Cepes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 to 1 1/2 ounces dried imported cepes; Kosher salt; 1 1/2 pounds fresh cepes, trimmed (if very large, cut in half); 1/4 cup duck or goose fat or olive oil; 2 1/2 ounces Jambon de Bayonne, prosciutto, or Westphalian ham, chopped; 2 large shallots, minced; 1 1/2 teaspoons finely chopped garlic; 3/4 cup soft and fruity white wine, such as Saumur or a Chenin Blanc; 1 small red-ripe tomato, peeled, seeded and chopped, or 1/4 cup canned tomatoes, drained; Freshly ground pepper; 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh parsley; Chicken demi-glace; Fresh lemon juice; 4 or 5 rounds of French bread rubbed with 1/2 clove garlic (optional) | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 300 degrees. Soak the dried cepes in hot water with 1/2 teaspoon salt for 30 minutes. Drain, reserving soaking liquid. Rinse cepes under cool running water to eliminate any grit or sand. Strain soaking liquid through coffee filter paper or several layers of damp cheesecloth and set aside. Wipe caps of fresh mushrooms with damp cloth and a little coarse salt. Set aside. In a large skillet, heat the fat or oil over medium heat. Add the dried cepes and their soaking liquid and cook until all the liquid in the pan has evaporated. Add the ham, shallots, and garlic and cook, stir <END>
INPUT: Italian, pesto, walnuts, pickled Calabrian chiles, garlic, Parmesan, olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Bucatini With Walnut-Parsley Pesto | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup walnuts; 6 pickled Calabrian chiles or 1 Fresno chile with seeds; 1 small garlic clove, finely grated; 1 1/2 ounces Parmesan, finely grated (about 1 1/2 cups); 1/3 cup olive oil; 1 cup chopped fresh parsley, plus more; Kosher salt, freshly ground pepper; 3/4 pound bucatini or spaghetti | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350°F. Toast walnuts on a rimmed baking sheet, tossing occasionally, until fragrant and slightly darkened, 8–10 minutes. Let cool. Pulse 3/4 cup walnuts in a food processor or blender until very finely chopped (but not pasty). Reserve remaining walnuts for serving. Remove stems from chiles; add to food processor. Pulse until finely chopped. Transfer walnut mixture to a medium bowl and stir in garlic, Parmesan, oil, and 1 cup parsley. Season pesto with salt and pepper. Cook pasta in a large pot of boiling salted water, stirring occasionally, until al dente. Drain, reserving 1 cu <END>
INPUT: pineapple juice, orange juice, honey, quail, hot sausage
OUTPUT: TITLE: Quail Stuffed with Sausage | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cans pineapple juice; 1 can frozen orange juice, from concentrate; 1 cup honey; 6 quail, plucked and cleaned; 1/2 pound ground hot sausage; Everglades Seasoning*; 6 strips bacon | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large container, mix together the pineapple juice, orange juice, and honey. Marinate the quail in this mixture overnight, refrigerated. Stuff each marinated quail with a small rolled ball of the hot sausage. Dust each quail lightly with Everglades Seasoning, then wrap each quail with a strip of bacon and secure with a toothpick. Smoke the quail over indirect heat for 2 to 3 hours. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, cold, sauce, water, wine, center salmon fillets, pepper, sour cream
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cold Poached Salmon with Mustard-Lime Sauce | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 6 cups water; 2 1/2 cups dry white wine; 6 7-to-8-ounce center-cut salmon fillets, skinned; Ground white pepper; 1 cup sour cream; 6 tablespoons Dijon mustard; 4 teaspoons fresh lime juice; 4 teaspoons honey; 1 teaspoon grated lime peel; Finely sliced fresh basil | INSTRUCTIONS: Pour 3 cups water and 1 1/4 cups wine into each of 2 large skillets and bring to boil. Turn off heat. Season salmon with salt and white pepper. Place 3 fillets in each skillet; let stand 6 minutes. Turn salmon over in liquid; let stand 5 minutes. Bring liquid in skillets just to simmer and cook until salmon is just cooked through, about 30 seconds. Using slotted spatula, transfer salmon to platter. Cover and refrigerate until cold, about 3 hours or up to 1 day. Let salmon stand at room temperature 1 hour before serving. Stir sour cream, mustard, lime juice, honey and lime peel in bowl to blend <END>
INPUT: cookies, cake flour, baking powder, salt, unsalted butter, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Basic Sugar Cookies | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 1/2 cups cake flour (not self-rising), plus more for dusting; 1 teaspoon baking powder; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 2 sticks unsalted butter, at room temperature; 3/4 cup sugar; 1 large egg; 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract; Basic royal icing, gel food coloring and edible pearls, for decorating (see instructions) | INSTRUCTIONS: Sift the cake flour, baking powder and salt into a bowl; set aside. Beat the butter and sugar in a large bowl with a mixer on medium-high speed until light and fluffy, about 5 minutes. Add the egg and vanilla; beat until incorporated. Reduce the mixer speed to low and beat in the flour mixture in 2 batches until just incorporated. Divide between 2 pieces of plastic wrap; shape into disks. Wrap and refrigerate until firm, at least 1 hour. Line 2 baking sheets with parchment paper. Working with 1 disk at a time, roll out the dough on a floured surface until about inch thick. Cut out shapes with  <END>
INPUT: skewers, virgin olive oil, flat leaf parsley, chives, soy sauce, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken Sausage Skewers | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/3 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 1/4 cup chopped fresh flat-leaf parsley; 3 tablespoons chopped fresh chives; 3 tablespoons soy sauce; 1 clove garlic, minced; Zest of 1 large lemon; 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 1 pound (5 to 6 links) chicken sausage links, cut into 1-inch pieces to yield 24 pieces; 4 medium zucchini, ends trimmed, cut into twenty-four 1-inch-thick slices; 1 large lemon, cut into three 1/2-inch-thick slices and each slice cut into quarters; 2 fennel bulbs, ends trimmed, quartered; 1 red bell pepper, cored, seeded and cut into sixteen 1-inch-square pieces; Vegetable oil, for oiling the grill | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Special equipment: Eight 10-inch bamboo skewers, soaked in water for 30 minutes to prevent scorching, or 8 metal skewers. For the marinade: Whisk the oil, parsley, chives, soy sauce, garlic, lemon zest and pepper in a medium bowl. For the skewers: Alternating the vegetables and meat, thread 3 pieces each of sausage, zucchini and lemon, and 2 pieces each of fennel and bell pepper onto each skewer. Pour or brush the marinade over the skewers. Refrigerate for at least 1 hour until ready to grill. Preheat a gas or charcoal grill. Oil the grill with vegetable oil. Gri <END>
INPUT: American, vegetable, salad, olive oil, balsamic vinegar, onion, baby beets, zucchini
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Vegetable Salad with Greens, Tomatoes, Herbs, Olives and Cheese | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 olive oil; 1/4 cup balsamic vinegar; 1 large red onion,cut into 3/4-inch-thick rounds; 12 baby beets, stems trimmed to 1 inch, peeled, halved lengthwise; 3 small zucchini, each cut lengthwise into 4 slices; 2 large red bell peppers, cut into 2-inch-wide strips; 6 slices country-style-French bread; Additional olive oil; 10 cups mixed baby greens; 4 large tomatoes, sliced; 3 tablespoons chopped fresh basil; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh chives or green onions; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh majoram; 3/4 cup chilled fresh mild goat cheese (such as Montrachet), crumbled (about 3 ounces); 1/2 cup freshly grated Pecorino Romano cheese (about 2 ounces) | INSTRUCTIONS: Prepare barbeque (medium-high heat). Whisk 3/4 cup oil and vinegar in medium bowl to blend. Place onion, beets, zucchini, eggplants, and red bell pepper on baking sheet. Brush both sides with some of vinaigrette. Sprinkle vegetables with salt and pepper. Grill vegetables until just cooked through, about 10 minutes per side for beets, 6 minutes per side for onion and 4 minutes per side for zucchini, eggplant, and peppers. (Vegetables can be grilled 1 hour ahead. Let stand at room temperature.) Brush bread with additional olive oil; sprinkle with pepper. Grill bread until beginning to brown, abo <END>
INPUT: onion, garlic, chicken legs, poblano chiles, corn
OUTPUT: TITLE: Corn and Chicken Poblano Braised Chicken | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 large white onion, chopped; 5 garlic cloves, finely chopped; 6 whole chicken legs; 1/2 pound fresh poblano chiles (about 4), stems, seeds, and ribs removed and chiles chopped; 3 ears corn, kernels cut from cobs; 1/2 cup sour cream; 3/4 cup chopped cilantro; Equipment: a 5- to 6-quart slow cooker; Accompaniment: white rice | INSTRUCTIONS: Put onion and garlic in slow cooker. Top with chicken and season with 1 teaspoon salt and 1/2 teaspoon pepper. Layer poblanos and corn over chicken and season with 1/2 teaspoon salt and 1/4 teaspoon pepper. Cover and cook according to manufacturer's instructions (chicken should be falling off the bone). Lift chicken from cooking liquid and transfer to serving bowls. Whisk sour cream and cilantro into cooking liquid, then spoon over chicken. Season with salt and pepper. Put onion and garlic in slow cooker. Top with chicken and season with 1 teaspoon salt and 1/2 teaspoon pepper. Layer poblanos  <END>
INPUT: sized bulbs garlic, grapeseed canola oil, lemon juice, Leaves from rosemary
OUTPUT: TITLE: Arctic Char with Roasted Garlic and Fresh Rosemary | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 medium-sized bulbs garlic; 2 (1-pound) Arctic char fillets; 1/4 cup grapeseed or canola oil; 1/4 cup freshly squeezed lemon juice; Leaves from 3 large sprigs fresh rosemary; Salt and pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Slice off top of the garlic bulbs, wrap in foil and roast for 1 hour. Set aside and allow bulbs to cool. Squeeze the roasted garlic from the bulbs into a food processor, and add the oil, lemon juice and rosemary. Process until mixture is smooth. Raise the oven temperature to 400 degrees F. Place fillets on well-oiled, foil-covered baking sheet. Salt and pepper the fillets liberally. Spread puree over the fillets, making sure all the flesh is well covered. Let fish marinate in refrigerator for 30 minutes. Bake fish for 12 to 15 minutes, until the meat flakes easil <END>
INPUT: whipped, russet potatoes, English peas, heavy cream, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pea Whipped Potatoes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 pounds russet potatoes, peeled and cut into large chunks; 1 1/2 pounds English peas, or 2 pounds frozen peas; 2 cups heavy cream; 1/2 cup (2 sticks) unsalted butter, at room temperature; 1 tablespoon minced garlic (about 3 to 4 cloves); Salt and freshly ground black pepper; Grated Parmesan, optional | INSTRUCTIONS: Put the potatoes in a large saucepan with cold water to cover by 3 inches. Salt the water, cover and bring to a boil over high heat. Reduce heat and simmer until tender, about 10 minutes. While the potatoes are cooking, cook the peas in a separate saucepan of salted water. Simmer until just tender, about 3 to 5 minutes. Remove with a sieve and cool on a baking sheet. When the potatoes are done, drain well, scatter on a baking sheet, and let cool for several minutes. In a small saucepan, heat 1/2 cup of the cream until it reaches a boil then simmer for a few minutes. Add the cream to a blender  <END>
INPUT: butter, celery, onion, thyme, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Shrimp and Andouille Stuffed Quail with Spicy White Wine Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons butter, plus more for coating quail; 1/2 cup chopped celery; 1 cup chopped onion; 2 teaspoons chopped thyme; 1 teaspoon minced garlic; 1/2-pound shrimp, peeled and deveined; 1/4-pound andouille sausage, quartered and sliced; 2 cups chicken or shrimp stock or broth; 2 cups bread, crust removed, cubed, lightly toasted; 1/2 cup chopped green onion; 3 tablespoons chopped parsley leaves; Salt and pepper; Hot pepper sauce (recommended: Tabasco); 8 semi-boneless quail (about 4 ounces each), split down the back; Spicy White Wine Sauce, recipe follows | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 425 degrees F. Melt butter in a saute pan over medium heat and cook celery, onion, thyme and garlic until wilted. Toss in shrimp and cook for 3 minutes. Add sausage to the pan, then stock. Place bread cubes in a bowl and pour the shrimp mixture over. Stir to completely moisten the bread, then add the green onions, parsley, and season with salt, pepper, and hot sauce, to taste. Let stuffing cool and then divide into 8 portions. Wrap 1 quail around each portion, using toothpicks to secure the back. Rub each quail with a little butter and season with salt and pepper. Place quail o <END>
INPUT: salad, cucumber, radishes, onion, olive oil, lemon juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cucumber, Radish, and Red Onion Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 cucumber; 2 radishes; 1/4 cup thinly sliced red onion; 1 teaspoon olive oil; 1 teaspoon fresh lemon juice | INSTRUCTIONS: Peel, halve, and seed cucumber. Diagonally cut cucumber into thin slices and cut radishes into julienne strips. In a bowl toss together all ingredients and season with salt and pepper. Peel, halve, and seed cucumber. Diagonally cut cucumber into thin slices and cut radishes into julienne strips. In a bowl toss together all ingredients and season with salt and pepper. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, tailgate, beans three beans, Coarse kosher salt, hot Italian sausage, beef, onions
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tailgate Chili | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound dried black beans or three 15-ounce cans black beans, drained; Coarse kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 3/4 pound hot Italian sausage, casings removed; 1 pound ground beef; 2 onions, chopped; 5 cloves garlic, chopped; 1 jalapeno pepper, cored, seeded and chopped; 3 tablespoons chili powder; 1 tablespoon ground cumin; Two 28-ounce cans whole tomatoes, undrained and coarsely chopped; 1 1/4 cups homemade chicken stock or reduced-fat low-sodium chicken broth; 2 tablespoons finely ground cornmeal; Sour cream, for serving; Chopped green onions, for serving; Hot sauce, for serving | INSTRUCTIONS: If using dried beans, sort through them to remove any small stones or debris. Place the beans in a large bowl and add water to cover. Soak overnight. Or place the beans in a large pot of water and bring to a boil over high heat. Once the beans come to a boil, remove from the heat and set aside for 1 hour. Before cooking, discard any floating beans and drain. Combine the soaked beans and fresh water to cover in a large, heavy-bottomed Dutch oven. Season with salt and pepper. Bring to a boil over medium-high heat, then decrease the heat to low. Simmer, covered, until the beans are tender, about  <END>
INPUT: baking potato, milk, lard, unsalted butter, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Potato Bread | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 baking potato, peeled and cut into large chunks, or 1 cup leftover mashed potatoes; 1 cup milk; 1 1/2 tablespoons lard; 1 1/2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1 1/2 teaspoons salt; 1 tablespoon granulated sugar; 1 tablespoon dry yeast; 1/3 cup warm water; 5 cups bread flour | INSTRUCTIONS: Boil potato until soft. Drain and reserve cooking liquid. Press the potato through a food mill. Scald milk and combine with 1/2 cup reserved cooking liquid. Combine liquids and potato with lard, butter, salt, and sugar in small bowl. Set aside to cool to room temperature. Meanwhile, combine yeast and warm water, and set aside until foamy. When potato mixture has cooled, add yeast mixture. Add flour and knead with a dough hook, on an electric mixer, until smooth and glossy, about 7 minutes. Transfer to a buttered bowl, cover with plastic wrap, and set aside in warm place to rise about 1/2 hour. <END>
INPUT: papillote, capers, peppercorns, dill seed, lemon juice, fennel bulbs lengthwise
OUTPUT: TITLE: Red Snapper in Papillote | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup capers, drained; 4 teaspoons green peppercorns, drained; 1 teaspoon dill seed; 4 tablespoons fresh lemon juice (about 2 lemons); 2 fennel bulbs sliced thin lengthwise, about 1 1/2 pounds; 4 (6-ounce) fillets of red snapper, boned and skinned; 1 lemon, cut into 8 thin slices; 1/2 teaspoon coarse salt; Couscous, for serving, optional | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat oven to 400 degrees F. Place 2 baking sheets in oven. Combine capers, peppercorns, dill seed, and lemon juice in a small bowl. Set aside. Fold 4 (24-inch) square pieces of parchment paper in half crosswise, and cut each into a half heart shape, and open. Divide the fennel evenly among each piece of parchment, forming a bed on 1 side of the paper. Sprinkle each serving with a tablespoon of the reserved caper mixture, and season with salt. Place snapper fillet on fennel; season with salt, and then top each packet with remaining caper mixture and 2 lemon slices. Fold parchment over the ingre <END>
INPUT: Mexican, Soup, oil, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Jamaican Ham and Bean | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: Soup; 1 tablespoon oil; 1/3 cup frozen chopped onion; 2 (16-oz.) cans Old El Paso? Vegetarian Refried Beans; 1 (11-oz.) can Green Giant? Mexicorn? Whole Kernel Corn, Red and Green Peppers; 1 (11-oz.) can Green Giant? White Shoepeg Corn; 1 (4.5-oz.) can Old El Paso? Chopped Green Chiles; 1/2 cup Old El Paso? Thick 'n Chunky Salsa; 1 (14-oz.) can chicken broth; 1 teaspoon Jamaican jerk seasoning; 1 lb. cooked lean ham, cut into 1/2-inch pieces; 1 (2 1/4-oz.) can sliced ripe olives, drained; 1/3 cup lime juice; 6 tablespoons sour cream; 6 lime slices | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. Heat oil in large saucepan over medium heat until hot. Add onion; cook and stir 3 to 4 minutes or until tender. 2. Add refried beans, whole kernel corn, shoepeg corn, chiles, salsa, broth and jerk seasoning; mix well. Bring to a boil. Reduce heat to low; simmer 5 minutes, stirring occasionally. 3. Add ham, olives and lime juice; mix well. Cook 3 to 4 minutes or until thoroughly heated, stirring occasionally. 4. To serve, ladle soup into individual bowls. Top each serving with 1 tablespoon sour cream and lime slice.; <END>
INPUT: Indian, salad, walnut halves, grapeseed vegetable oil, sugar, Kosher salt pepper, Greek yogurt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Carrot Salad with Yogurt and Coriander | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup walnut halves; 1 tablespoon grapeseed or vegetable oil; 2 teaspoons sugar; Kosher salt Freshly ground black pepper; 1/2 cup whole or 2% Greek yogurt; 2 tablespoons Sherry vinegar; 1 teaspoon honey; 1/4 teaspoon ground coriander; 1 pound small carrots, assorted colors if desired, scrubbed, very thinly sliced lengthwise on a mandoline; 6 medium radishes, cut into thin wedges; 2 scallions, thinly sliced on a sharp diagonal | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 375°. Toss walnuts and oil on a rimmed baking sheet. Bake until walnuts are lightly toasted and fragrant, 6-8 minutes. Immediately sprinkle with sugar and season with salt and pepper; toss to coat. Let cool. DO AHEAD: Walnuts can be toasted 1 day ahead. Store airtight at room temperature. Whisk yogurt, vinegar, honey, and coriander in a small bowl. Season with salt and pepper. DO AHEAD: Dressing can be made 1 day ahead. Cover and chill. Place carrots in a colander set in a bowl of ice water. Let sit until carrots start to curl, about 2 minutes. Lift colander from water and drai <END>
INPUT: warm, compote, trimmed rhubarb, sugar, crème de cassis, walnut, unsweetened flaked organic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Warm Rhubarb Compote with Walnut-Coconut Crunch | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 cups 1/2-inch pieces trimmed rhubarb (about 1 1/4 pounds); 2/3 cup plus 5 tablespoons sugar; 1/4 cup crème de cassis (black-currant liqueur) or Chambord; 1/2 cup walnut pieces; 1/2 cup 1/4-inch-thick strips unsweetened flaked organic coconut*; 2/3 cup plain Greek-style yogurt**; Wildflower honey (for drizzling) | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring rhubarb, 2/3 cup sugar, and crème de cassis to boil in heavy medium saucepan, stirring until sugar dissolves. Reduce heat to low, cover, and simmer until rhubarb is soft, about 10 minutes. Transfer to refrigerator to cool slightly. DO AHEAD: Can be made 1 day ahead. Cover and keep refrigerated. Rewarm, if desired. Place walnuts and remaining 5 tablespoons sugar in medium nonstick skillet. Stir constantly over high heat until sugar melts and turns deep amber color, about 3 minutes. Remove from heat. Add coconut and stir until well combined, about 30 seconds. Press onto bottom of pan. Cool <END>
INPUT: American, tart, cranberry juice, unflavored gelatin, cranberries, sugar, lemon juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cranberry-Chocolate Tart | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup cranberry juice, divided; 1 teaspoon unflavored gelatin; 1 12-ounce bag fresh or frozen cranberries; 3/4 cup sugar; 2 teaspoons fresh lemon juice; 1 teaspoon finely grated lemon peel; 1 teaspoon grated peeled fresh ginger; Pinch of salt; 4 tablespoons finely chopped crystallized ginger; 1 1/4 cups chocolate wafer cookie crumbs (made from about 6 1/2 ounces cookies, finely ground in processor); 1/4 cup sugar; 1/8 teaspoon salt; 5 to 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted; 1 8-ounce container mascarpone cheese*; 1/2 cup powdered sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: For cranberry topping: Pour 1/4 cup cranberry juice into small bowl; sprinkle gelatin over. Let stand until softened, 15 minutes. Combine 1/4 cup cranberry juice, cranberries, and next 5 ingredients in medium saucepan; bring to boil, stirring until sugar dissolves. Reduce heat to medium; simmer until cranberries are tender but still plump, 5 minutes. Strain into bowl; set cranberries aside. Add gelatin mixture to hot juice in bowl; stir until gelatin dissolves. Stir cranberries back into juice. Chill until cranberry mixture is cold and slightly thickened, at least 8 hours or overnight. DO AHEA <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, tzatziki, Two containers Greek, hothouse cucumber, sour cream, lemon juice, wine vinegar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Easy Tzatziki with Toasted Pita Crisps | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: Two 7-ounce containers Greek yogurt (recommended: Fage Total); 1 hothouse cucumber, unpeeled and seeded; 1/4 cup sour cream; 2 tablespoons freshly squeezed lemon juice; 1 tablespoon white wine vinegar; 1 tablespoon minced fresh dill; 1 1/2 teaspoons minced garlic; 2 teaspoons kosher salt; 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; Toasted Pita Crisps, recipe follows; 8 pita breads; Good olive oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Place the yogurt in a medium bowl. Grate the cucumber on a box grater and squeeze the grated cucumber with your hand to remove some of the liquid. Add it to the yogurt along with the sour cream, lemon juice, vinegar, dill, garlic, salt and pepper and stir. Serve with Toasted Pita Crisps. Heat a gas grill or charcoal grill with coals. Brush the pita with olive oil and heat on both sides until toasted. <END>
INPUT: American, scented, strudel, sugar, vanilla beans, whipping cream, water, bittersweet
OUTPUT: TITLE: Vanilla-Scented Pear Strudel with Hazelnuts and Chocolate Sauce | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup sugar; 2 vanilla beans; 1/4 cup whipping cream; 1/4 cup water; 6 ounces bittersweet (not unsweetened) or semisweet chocolate, chopped; 2 tablespoons, brandy; 2 tablespoons cornstarch; 2 tablespoons (1/4 stick) unsalted butter; 2 pounds Anjou pears (about 4 large), peeled, cored, cut into 3/4-inch pieces (about 5 cups); 1 teaspoon fresh lemon juice; parchment paper and three baking sheets; 3/4 cup hazelnuts, toasted, husked; 12 vanilla wafer cookies; 12 sheets fresh phyllo pastry or frozen, thawed (each sheet about 12 by 17 inches); 1 cup (2 sticks) unsalted butter, melted, cooled | INSTRUCTIONS: Make vanilla sugar: Combine sugar and vanilla in processor. Blend until beans are very finely chopped, about 1 minute. Sift vanilla sugar into bowl; discard contents of sieve. Transfer vanilla sugar into jar; cover. (Can be made 1 week ahead. Store at room temperature.) Combine sugar and vanilla in processor. Blend until beans are very finely chopped, about 1 minute. Sift vanilla sugar into bowl; discard contents of sieve. Transfer vanilla sugar into jar; cover. (Can be made 1 week ahead. Store at room temperature.) Make sauce: Combine cream, 1/4 cup water and 3 tablespoons vanilla sugar in me <END>
INPUT: daiquiris, strawberries, kiwi, long lemongrass skewers, light rum, sour watermelon liqueur
OUTPUT: TITLE: Frozen Watermelon Daiquiris | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 strawberries, halved, plus 1/2 cup sliced strawberries; 1 kiwi, peeled, cut into 8 wedges; 4 4-inch-long lemongrass skewers; 5 tablespoons light rum; 3 tablespoons sour watermelon liqueur (such as Pucker)*; 2 tablespoons sugar; 2 tablespoons fresh lime juice; 3 cups 3/4-inch cubes seedless watermelon, frozen at least 1 hour | INSTRUCTIONS: Thread strawberry halves and kiwi wedges alternately onto lemongrass skewers. Stir light rum, sour watermelon liqueur, sugar, and fresh lime juice in small bowl until sugar dissolves. Transfer mixture to blender. Add frozen watermelon cubes and 1/2 cup sliced strawberries. Blend mixture well; pour into Martini glasses. Garnish with lemongrass skewers. *Sour watermelon liqueur is available at some supermarkets and many liquor stores. Thread strawberry halves and kiwi wedges alternately onto lemongrass skewers. Stir light rum, sour watermelon liqueur, sugar, and fresh lime juice in small bowl un <END>
INPUT: sausage, chicken thigh meat, schmaltz, kosher salt, sage, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken Sausage | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 pound/675 grams chicken thigh meat, diced and thoroughly chilled; 225 grams schmaltz, frozen (or a scant cup if you don't have a scale, but shame on you); 1 tablespoon/10-12 grams kosher salt; 3/4 cup roughly chopped fresh sage; 2 large garlic cloves, finely minced; 2 tablespoons finely chopped ginger; 1 teaspoon freshly ground pepper; 1/2 cup/120 milliliters dry white wine, chilled | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. Combine all the ingredients except the wine in a large bowl and freeze for 20 to 30 minutes. Measure the wine and put that in the freezer too. If your grinder attachment is metal, freeze that as well, and also your mixing bowl. Set up your grinder, remove the chicken mixture from the freezer, and grind it through a small or medium die into the freezing-cold mixing bowl. Return the meat to the freezer for 10 minutes and set up your stand mixer. 2. Remove the sausage mixture from the freezer and mix it with the paddle attachment on medium high for 60 seconds or so, adding the very cold white  <END>
INPUT: Mexican, paella, virgin olive oil, cumin seeds, hot pepper flakes, onion, bell pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: "Paella" Fried Rice | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 1 tablespoon cumin seeds; 1/2 teaspoon dried hot red pepper flakes; 1 large onion, chopped; 1 large red bell pepper, chopped; 2 (3 to 4 ounces) Spanish chorizo (spicy dried pork sausage) links, quartered lengthwise and cut into 1/4-inch-thick pieces; 4 cups cold cooked rice; 1 1/2 teaspoons salt; 1 (10-ounce) package frozen peas; 1/3 cup hulled (green) pumpkinseeds, toasted; 1/2 cup finely chopped fresh cilantro, or to taste | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat oil in a 12-inch nonstick skillet over moderate heat until hot but not smoking, then cook cumin and red pepper flakes, stirring, 1 minute. Add onion and bell pepper and cook, stirring, until softened. Add chorizo and saute over moderately high heat, stirring, until sausage begins to brown, about 3 minutes. Add rice, crumbling it, and salt. Saute, stirring, until some grains begin to turn golden, about 3 minutes. Add peas and saute, stirring, just until peas are heated through. Remove from heat and stir in pumpkinseeds and cilantro. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, glaze, cake flour, superfine sugar, salt, egg whites, lime peel
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lime Angel Food Cake with Lime Glaze and Pistachios | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup cake flour; 1 1/2 cups superfine sugar, divided; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 10 large egg whites, room temperature; 2 teaspoons finely grated lime peel; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; 1 teaspoon cream of tartar; 1/2 cup sugar; 4 tablespoons fresh lime juice, divided; 1/2 cup unsalted raw pistachios (about 2 ounces), finely chopped in processor; 1/2 cup powdered sugar; Special equipment: 10-inch-diameter angel food cake pan with 4-inch-high sides and removable bottom (do not use nonstick pan) | INSTRUCTIONS: For cake: Position rack in center of oven and preheat to 350°F. Sift flour, 1/2 cup superfine sugar, and salt into medium bowl; repeat sifting 3 times. Using electric mixer, beat egg whites, lime peel, and vanilla on medium speed in large bowl until frothy (mixture may turn neon green but color will change when remaining ingredients are added). Add cream of tartar; increase speed to high and beat until soft peaks form. Gradually add remaining 1 cup sugar, 2 tablespoons at a time, beating until stiff peaks form. Sprinkle 1/3 of flour mixture over whites and gently fold in until incorporated. Fo <END>
INPUT: sauce, Tbs. butter, Tbs. olive oil, rack lamb, shallot, cognac
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lamb Rib Chops With Creamy Whole Grain Mustard Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 Tbs. butter; 1 Tbs. olive oil; 1 rack of lamb, frenched and cut into 6 chops; 1 finely diced small shallot; 1/3 cup cognac; 2 Tbs. whole grain mustard; 1/2 cup heavy cream; 2 Tbs. torn fresh tarragon leaves; salt and pepper to taste | INSTRUCTIONS: Season lamb with salt and pepper. In a large skillet, melt butter and oil over medium-high heat. When skillet and oil are hot, place chops down in a single layer. Cook for 3 minutes per side or according to desired doneness. Transfer chops to a plate and loosely tent with foil to retain heat. Spoon out any fat in excess of 1 tablespoon. Add shallots and saute until softened. Stir in mustard and deglaze with cognac, scraping bottom of pan with a wooden spoon to release any browned bits. When cognac has reduced to about 1 tablespoon, stir in cream. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Stir in t <END>
INPUT: Italian, olive oil, onions, plum tomatoes, bell pepper, oil sun tomatoes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spinach Linguine with Goat Cheese | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoon olive oil; 1 bunch green onions, sliced; 4 plum tomatoes, chopped; 1 red bell pepper, chopped; 6 oil-packed sun-dried tomatoes, drained, chopped; 2 garlic cloves, minced; 1/4 teaspoon dried oregano, crumbled; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh parsley; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh basil or 1 teaspoon dried, crumbled; Salt and pepper; 8 ounces spinach linguine or spaghetti, freshly cooked; 4 ounces soft goat cheese (such as Montrachet), sliced | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat oil in heavy large skillet over medium heat. Add next 6 ingredients and sauté until onions are tender, about 15 minutes. Stir in parsley and basil. Season with salt and pepper. Add pasta; toss thoroughly. Divide pasta between 2 plates. Top each with half of goat cheese. Heat oil in heavy large skillet over medium heat. Add next 6 ingredients and sauté until onions are tender, about 15 minutes. Stir in parsley and basil. Season with salt and pepper. Add pasta; toss thoroughly. Divide pasta between 2 plates. Top each with half of goat cheese. <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, feta, salad, kosher salt, coriander seed, sugar, pepper flakes, lamb chops
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled T-bone Lamb Chops with Fava Bean and Feta Salad | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons kosher salt; 1 tablespoon coriander seed, toasted; 1 teaspoon sugar; 1 teaspoon red pepper flakes; 8 t-bone lamb chops; 1 small bunch fresh mint, tied together for brushing; Blended oil; Kosher salt; 8 whole fava beans, shelled; 1 shallot, minced; 2 cloves garlic, smashed and minced; Zest and juice of 2 lemons; 2 Fresno peppers, thinly sliced; Extra-virgin olive oil; Freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: For the lamb: Put the salt, coriander seeds, sugar, and red pepper flakes into a mortar and pestle and crush to blend. Place the lamb chops on a wire rack set over a baking sheet. Liberally season the chops on both sides with the spice blend. Allow to sit in the refrigerator, covered, for at least 8 to 24 hours before grilling, if possible. This will act as a quick cure, adding more flavor to the lamb when it's cooked. Preheat a grill to medium-high heat. Put about 1/2 to 1 cup blended oil into a small bowl. Use the small bunch of mint as a brush and brush the oil onto one side of each lamb ch <END>
INPUT: crumble, Anjou Bartlett pears, olive oil, almonds pecan halves, shelled pumpkin seeds, light sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Pear Crumble | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 ripe but firm Anjou or Bartlett pears, halved, cored; 2 teaspoons plus 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1/4 cup raw almonds or pecan halves, coarsely chopped; 1/4 cup shelled pumpkin seeds (pepitas); 2 tablespoons light brown sugar; 2 tablespoons old-fashioned oats; Pinch of kosher salt; 1 tablespoon sesame seeds, preferably black; 1/2 cup mascarpone; 2 teaspoons sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: Place racks in upper and lower thirds of oven and preheat to 375°F. Place pears, cut side up, on a small baking sheet, drizzle with 2 teaspoons oil, and roast on upper rack until soft, 20–30 minutes. Let cool slightly. Meanwhile, toss almonds, pumpkin seeds, brown sugar, oats, salt, and remaining 2 tablespoons oil on a small baking sheet. Toast on lower rack, stirring occasionally, until golden, 10–12 minutes. Remove from oven and mix in sesame seeds. Let cool. Whisk mascarpone and sugar in a small bowl. Spoon mascarpone onto plates and top with pears and nut-oat crumble. Place racks in upper  <END>
INPUT: banana, french, hulled strawberries, granulated sugar, zest juice lemon, Grand Marnier
OUTPUT: TITLE: Strawberry and Banana Stuffed French Toast with Grand Marnier Syrup | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 cups hulled and quartered strawberries; 1/4 cup granulated sugar; Grated zest and juice of 1 lemon; 1 cup Grand Marnier; 1 cup granulated sugar; Grated zest and juice of 2 oranges; 3 eggs; 3/4 cup half-and-half; 1 tablespoon granulated sugar; 1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 3 to 4 grates fresh nutmeg; 8 ounces whipped cream cheese; 12 slices brioche bread; 1 cup hulled and sliced fresh strawberries; 1/4 cup strawberry jam | INSTRUCTIONS: For the macerated strawberries: In a medium saucepan, combine the strawberries, sugar, lemon zest, lemon juice and 1/4 cup water and stir. Bring to a simmer, and then lower the heat and swirl. Cook until the strawberries are soft (but not falling apart) and the liquid is syrupy, 7 to 8 minutes. Set aside to cool. For the Grand Marnier syrup: Combine the Grand Marnier, sugar, orange zest, orange juice and 1/4 cup water in a saucepan and simmer for 10 minutes until slightly thickened. Set aside to cool. For the strawberry and banana stuffed French toast: In a medium bowl, whisk together the eggs <END>
INPUT: American, cornstarch, light cream, egg yolks, eggs, vanilla extract
OUTPUT: TITLE: Vinegar Pie | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons cornstarch; 3/4 cup light cream; 6 large egg yolks; 3 large eggs; 1 1/2 teaspoons vanilla extract; 1 1/2 cups water; 1 1/2 cups sugar; 3/4 cup balsamic vinegar; 6 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1 prebaked 9-inch pie shell, recipe follows | INSTRUCTIONS: Serving Suggestion: Pint of fresh strawberries; or 1/2 pint raspberries or blackberries, for garnish In a medium bowl, whisk the cornstarch into the cream. Let rest for 1 minute, then whisk again. Whisk in the yolks, eggs, and vanilla. In a medium saucepan, bring the water, sugar, vinegar, and butter to a boil. While whisking constantly, slowly drizzle the hot liquid into the egg mixture. Return to the saucepan and, while whisking constantly and scraping the bottom of the pot, cook until tiny bubbles boil up, about 10 seconds. Strain the curd into a bowl and let cool to room temperature. Sprea <END>
INPUT: infused, pimento berries, peanut oil, bay leaves, Scotch Bonnet pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pimento Infused Oil | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup pimento berries; 2 cups peanut oil; 2 bay leaves; 1 Scotch Bonnet pepper, whole | INSTRUCTIONS: In dry skillet, heat pimentos until they start to release their aroma. Then put into a spice mill and roughly chop. Then put chopped pimentos and oil into a saucepan and bring to a sizzle and turn off. Add bay leaves and Scotch Bonnet pepper and allow to cool. Put into a glass jar. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, honey, lime, all purpose flour, wheat flour
OUTPUT: TITLE: Honey Whole-Wheat Pancakes with Honey Lime Butter | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 4 tablespoons (1/2 stick) butter, softened; 1/4 cup honey; 1 lime, zest finely grated; 1 1/2 cups all-purpose flour; 1/2 cup whole-wheat flour; 1/2 teaspoon baking soda; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/4 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 2 cups buttermilk; 2 eggs; 4 tablespoons (1/2 stick) butter, melted, plus more for cooking pancakes; 1 tablespoon honey | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. For the butter: Whisk the butter, the honey, and lime zest in a bowl until smooth, or pulse to combine them in a mini food processor. Refrigerate until ready to serve with the pancakes. For the pancakes: Whisk together the flours, baking soda, salt, and cinnamon in a large bowl. In a separate bowl, whisk together the buttermilk, eggs, melted butter, and honey. Stir the wet ingredients into the dry ingredients until just combined; don't worry about lumps. Melt 1 tablespoon of butter in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Working in batches, drop the batter, abo <END>
INPUT: clafouti, golden raisins, raisins, powdered sugar, egg yolks, egg
OUTPUT: TITLE: Clafouti with Raisins | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup golden raisins; 1/2 cup brown raisins; 1/2 cup plus 1 tablespoon powdered sugar; 3 large egg yolks; 1 large egg; 2 teaspoons all purpose flour; Pinch of salt; 1 cup whipping cream; 1/2 cup whole milk | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 325°F. Butter 9-inch-diameter glass pie dish. Sprinkle raisins in prepared dish. Whisk 1/2 cup powdered sugar, yolks, egg, flour and salt in medium bowl until blended. Whisk in cream, then milk; pour custard over raisins. Bake clafouti until set in center, about 40 minutes. Sift remaining 1 tablespoon sugar over. Let stand 15 minutes. Cut into wedges and serve warm. Preheat oven to 325°F. Butter 9-inch-diameter glass pie dish. Sprinkle raisins in prepared dish. Whisk 1/2 cup powdered sugar, yolks, egg, flour and salt in medium bowl until blended. Whisk in cream, then milk; pour <END>
INPUT: Peanut oil, garlic, celery, onion, pork hind shanks
OUTPUT: TITLE: Crispy Braised Pork Shanks | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Peanut oil, for deep frying; 6 cloves garlic, peeled; 2 ribs celery, halved; 1 onion, quartered; 3 pork hind shanks; 2 tablespoons kosher salt, plus extra for seasoning; 2 teaspoons whole black peppercorns; 2 bay leaves; 2 sprigs fresh thyme; 4 cups low-sodium chicken broth; 1 cup dry white wine; Freshly ground black pepper; Pinot noir, for serving; Fried Caper and Lemon Gremolata, recipe follows; Prepared chimichurri sauce, for serving, optional | INSTRUCTIONS: Coat a large pot or Dutch oven with peanut oil over medium-high heat. Add the garlic, celery and onions. Cook until the vegetables are browned, about 5 minutes. Add the shanks to the pot along with the salt, peppercorns, bay and thyme. Pour in the chicken broth and wine, then add enough water to just barely cover the shanks. Bring to a boil then reduce heat, cover and simmer for 1 hour 30 minutes. Remove the shanks from the pot and set on a wire rack over a sheet tray. Allow the shanks to drain and cool, 25 to 30 minutes. If you have time, you can also place the shanks in the refrigerator, unc <END>
INPUT: salad, butter, cayenne pepper, sugar, salt, pecans
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mesclun Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons butter; 1 dash cayenne pepper; 3 tablespoons sugar; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/2 cup halved pecans; 1 red bell pepper; 2 oranges; 1 tablespoon olive oil; Fresh pepper; 2 cups mesclun greens | INSTRUCTIONS: In a small saute pan add 2 tablespoons whole butter, dash of cayenne, 3 tablespoons sugar, 1/2 teaspoon salt, and the 1/2 cup of pecans. Cook this slowly over a very low flame, taking care to stir carefully and occasionally. The sugar will burn easily if the flame is too hot. On a stable cutting board, julienne the red pepper and then peel and section the 2 oranges. Squeeze the remaining orange pulp over a large bowl and to this add the 1 tablespoon of olive oil. Toss the salad greens in this and then place on a salad plate. Arrange the oranges and red bell pepper slices on the top and garnish <END>
INPUT: sugar, salt, cider vinegar, water, beets juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Red Beet Eggs | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup brown sugar; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 3/4 cup cider vinegar; 1/4 cup water; 1 quart canned red beets and juice; 3 pinches mixed pickling spice; 12 eggs, hard boiled and peeled | INSTRUCTIONS: Mix sugar, salt, cider vinegar, water, 1 cup beet juice, mixed pickling spice, and heat and let simmer for 15 minutes. Add red beets into mixture. Pour over hard boiled, peeled eggs. Refrigerate overnight. Slice in half before serving. <END>
INPUT: pilaf, vegetable broth, quinoa, bay leaf, turmeric, salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Quinoa Pilaf | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups vegetable broth; 1 cup quinoa, rinsed well; 1 bay leaf; 1/2 teaspoon turmeric; 1 teaspoon salt and pepper; 1 tablespoon olive oil; 1 teaspoon preserved lemon rind, finely diced; 1 tomato, finely chopped; 1 (15-ounce) can artichoke hearts in water, drained and quartered; 1/2 red onion, diced; 1/2 cup black olives, pitted; 1/4 cup currants; Fresh mint leaves, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: In a small saucepan, combine broth, quinoa, bay leaf, turmeric, salt, pepper and olive oil in a saucepan. Stir in preserved lemon and cover. Simmer until water is absorbed, about 15 to 20 minutes. Turn off heat. Add tomato, artichokes, onion, olives and currants, mix well to combine. Top with mint and serve. <END>
INPUT: American, straws, puff pastry, Gruyere cheese, Cayenne, cheddar cheese, Parmesan cheese
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cheese Straws | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 pound prepared puff pastry, thawed; 2 tablespoons grated Gruyere cheese; Cayenne; 2 tablespoons grated cheddar cheese; 1 tablespoon grated Parmesan cheese; 1 tablespoon very finely chopped prosciutto (optional) | INSTRUCTIONS: Line 2 baking sheets with parchment. Divide the pastry into 3 equal portions. Roll out one portion to rectangle 1/8 inch thick and 10 inches in length. Sprinkle the Gruyere evenly over the surface and dust very lightly with cayenne. Use the palms of your hand or a rolling pin to firmly press the cheese into the dough. Cut the dough into 1/2" wide strips, twist them, and arrange them on a baking sheet. Continue with the remaining pastry, sprinkling Cheddar cheese on one batch and Parmesan and prosciutto, if using on the other, on the other. Chill for at least 30 minutes before baking. Preheat t <END>
INPUT: saganaki, kasseri cheese Pecorino, All purpose flour, lemon, oregano
OUTPUT: TITLE: Classic Saganaki with Olives and Lemon | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 8-ounce package kasseri cheese or Pecorino Romano, cut into 1/2-inch-thick rectangular slices; All purpose flour; 3 tablespoons (about) olive oil; 1/2 lemon; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh oregano; tomato wedges; pita wedges; Kalamata olives | INSTRUCTIONS: Rinse cheese slices under cold water (do not pat dry). Coat with flour. Heat oil in heavy large skillet over medium-high heat until almost smoking. Add cheese and cook until beginning to brown, about 1 minutes per side. Transfer to plates. Squeeze lemon over cheese; sprinkle with oregano and pepper. Serve with tomatoes, pita and olives. Rinse cheese slices under cold water (do not pat dry). Coat with flour. Heat oil in heavy large skillet over medium-high heat until almost smoking. Add cheese and cook until beginning to brown, about 1 minutes per side. Transfer to plates. Squeeze lemon over ch <END>
INPUT: Indian, manali, mustard oil light, cumin seeds, fennel seeds, ginger, onions
OUTPUT: TITLE: Manali Unripe Peach and Chick-Peas with Fennel | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 1/3 cup mustard oil or light vegetable oil; 1 1/2 teaspoons cumin seeds; 3/4 teaspoon fennel seeds; 3 tablespoons shredded fresh ginger; 1 1/2 cups minced onions; 5 hot chilies, chopped; 1 1/2 tablespoons ground coriander; 2 tablespoons ground almonds; 1 pound unripe hard peaches (or nectarines), peeled, pitted and sliced thickly; 1 1/2 cups cooked chick-peas (20 ounces), drained; 1 teaspoon mango powder (or 1 tablespoon lemon juice); 1/2 teaspoon garam masala, recipe follows; Coarse salt to taste | INSTRUCTIONS: Measure out the spices in separate containers and set aside. Heat oil until smoking. Turn off heat and cool slightly. (If you are using vegetable oil, omit this step.) Heat the oil again over medium high heat. When hot, add cumin and fennel for 10 seconds or until they turn dark brown. Add the ginger and let sizzle for 10 to 15 seconds. Add the onion and fry, stirring constantly for 8 minutes or until they are light golden. Add the chilies, coriander and almonds and cook for 2 more minutes. Add the peaches and toss to coat with the spices. Stir in the chick peas and mango powder. If mixture lo <END>
INPUT: Indian, chutney, coconut, mango, shallot, yogurt, chiles
OUTPUT: TITLE: Coconut and Green Chile Chutney | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups grated fresh coconut; 1 cup grated green mango*; 1/2 cup minced shallot; 1/2 cup yogurt; 1/4 cup minced green chiles; 1 tablespoon minced ginger; 1/4 cup water; 1 teaspoon kosher salt; 1 tablespoon lime juice; 2 tablespoons vegetable oil; 1 teaspoon mustard seed; 2 dried red chilies, crushed; 15 fresh curry leaves**; Special equipment: a food processor or blender | INSTRUCTIONS: In a food processor puree the fresh coconut, green mango, shallot, yogurt, green chiles, and ginger with as little of the water as needed for a moderately thick consistency. Add the kosher salt and lime juice and puree until blended. In a skillet, heat the vegetable oil over medium heat. Add the mustard seeds, dried red chiles, and fresh curry leaves, cover and cook until the seeds begin to pop. Stir in the coconut mixture and cook for 15 seconds. Transfer to a serving bowl. Keeps for 1 or 2 days in the refrigerator. *Can be found at Asian Markets ** Can be found at Indian and Sri Lankan store <END>
INPUT: American, vegetable olive oil, mushrooms, corn cob, Salt pepper, chicken vegetable stock
OUTPUT: TITLE: Poblano Mac and Manchego with Corn and Mushrooms | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons vegetable or olive oil; 12 ounces mushrooms, thinly sliced; 3 ears fresh corn on the cob; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 cup chicken or vegetable stock; 2 to 3 medium poblano chile peppers, seeded, stemmed and chopped; 2 cloves garlic, chopped; 1 small handful fresh cilantro leaves; 1 small onion, chopped 3 tablespoons butter; 2 tablespoons all-purpose flour; 1 cup milk; 1/2 cup heavy cream or Mexican crema; 2 cups shredded manchego cheese; 1 pound short-cut pasta, such as ziti with lines or macaroni | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat the oil in a large skillet over medium heat and brown the mushrooms, 10 minutes. Scrape the corn kernels from the cobs and add to the mushrooms. Season with salt and black pepper and continue cooking, 5 to 6 minutes. Puree the stock with the poblanos, garlic, cilantro, onions and some salt and black pepper in a blender or food processor. Melt the butter in a saucepot over medium heat, and then whisk in the flour. Whisk in the milk and cream and raise the heat a bit. Stir in the poblano puree and simmer until thickened, 20 to 25 minutes. Stir in 1 cup of the grated cheese. Preheat the oven <END>
INPUT: American, pecan, crumble, all purpose flour, salt, sugar, butter flavored shortening, ice water
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pumpkin Pecan Crumble Pie - 2003 1st Place Pumpkin | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 3 cups all-purpose flour; 1 teaspoon salt; 1 teaspoon sugar; 1 cup plus 1 tablespoon butter flavored shortening, chilled; 1/3 cup ice water; 1 tablespoon vinegar; 1 egg, beaten; 2 eggs, beaten; 1 (16-ounce) can pumpkin; 3/4 cup sugar; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1 teaspoon cinnamon; 1/4 teaspoon ginger; 1/4 teaspoon cloves; 2 tablespoons pure maple syrup | INSTRUCTIONS: To prepare crust by hand: In a narrow bowl, combine flour, salt and shortening. Using 2 knives scissors-style, cut fat into flour until only small pea-size bits of shortening remain. Sprinkle water over flour mixture as you toss with a fork. Don't keep stirring. Turn only about 8 to 10 times. Continue with Step 3 below. Or prepare crust using a food processor: Chill flour, shortening, butter, water. Measure flour into work bowl. Add salt and pulse 3 times. Add shortening. Pulse 6 times. Add butter that has been cup up into chunks. Pulse 4 times. Add water 1 tablespoon at a time. Pulse after ea <END>
INPUT: Mexican, enchiladas, halibut other, Olive oil, Seafood seasoning, lime, brick cream cheese
OUTPUT: TITLE: Creamy Fish Enchiladas | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2 pounds halibut or other firm, sustainable white fish; Olive oil cooking spray; Seafood seasoning, such as Old Bay, for sprinkling; 1 lime; One 8-ounce brick cream cheese or Neufchatel, softened; 1 cup sour cream; 1 teaspoon ground coriander, 1/3 palmful; 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 1/3 palmful; 2 small cans diced green chiles, drained; 2 cups shredded Monterey Jack cheese; 2 to 3 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro or parsley; 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh dill, or 1 teaspoon dried dill; Kosher salt and ground black pepper; Eight 8-inch flour tortillas, warmed or lightly charred over a flame on the stovetop; 1 to 1 1/2 cups heavy cream | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat a broiler. Arrange the fish on a broiler pan or baking sheet. Spray the fish with olive oil and sprinkle liberally with seafood seasoning. Broil until firm and opaque. Cool the fish and flake with a fork. Dress with the juice of the lime. In a large mixing bowl, stir to combine the softened cream cheese, sour cream, coriander and cumin. Add the chiles and 1 cup of the Jack cheese, the cilantro or parsley, fresh or dried dill, salt and pepper to taste and the halibut flakes. Spray a casserole or baking dish with olive oil. Arrange 3 to 4 spoonfuls of the filling on the edge of each tort <END>
INPUT: puffs, water, sugar, kosher salt, all purpose flour
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cream Puffs with Vanilla Ice Cream and Chocolate Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup water; 5 1/3 tablespoons (about 3 ounces) unsalted butter; 1 tablespoon plus 1 teaspoon sugar; 1/8 teaspoon kosher salt; 1 cup all-purpose flour; 4 to 5 large eggs; 1 1/2 cups Chocolate Sauce; 1 1/2 cups Vanilla Ice Cream | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 450°F. Line one baking sheet with a Silpat and a second one with parchment paper (or line both sheets with parchment if you don't have a Silpat). Set up a heavy-duty mixer with the paddle attachment. Combine the water, butter, sugar, and salt in a medium saucepan and bring to a simmer over medium-high heat. Reduce the heat to medium, add the flour all at once, and stir rapidly with a stiff heatproof or wooden spoon until the dough pulls away from the sides of the pan and the bottom of the pan is clean, with no dough sticking to it. The dough should be glossy and smooth but  <END>
INPUT: butter, bacon, eggs, Dijon mustard, wine vinegar, virgin olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Butter Lettuce with Lardons and Poached Egg | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 slices bacon, cut into lardons; 4 eggs; 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard; 2 tablespoons white wine vinegar; 1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; Water, as needed; 1 tablespoon distilled white vinegar; 1 head Boston lettuce, cleaned, dried and torn into bite-size pieces; 1/2 cup grape tomatoes, halved | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. In a small saute pan, cook the bacon over medium-low heat until almost crisp and the fat has rendered. Remove the bacon to a paper towel-lined plate, leaving the rendered fat in the pan. To the pan, whisk in the mustard, white wine vinegar, olive oil, salt, and black pepper, to taste. Remove the pan from the heat. Fill a medium saucepan 2/3 with water. Add the distilled white vinegar and bring to just barely a simmer. Cook's Note: like very active club soda. Crack an egg and place it into a small ramekin. Very slowly and gently place the egg into the water by pla <END>
INPUT: maple bacon, cream cheese, capers brine, chives, honey mustard
OUTPUT: TITLE: The SS B.L.T. | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 8 slices maple bacon; 8 ounces cream cheese, softened to room temperature; 3 tablespoons capers in brine, drained and chopped; 2 tablespoons minced fresh chives; 2 tablespoons honey mustard; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 8 slices pumpernickel swirl bread; 12 ounces sliced smoked salmon; 1 small red onion, sliced very thinly; 1 to 2 small Roma tomatoes, very thinly sliced into rounds; Baby arugula, for topping | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Evenly space the bacon on a baking sheet lined with a wire rack and bake until crispy, 15 to 18 minutes. Drain the bacon on paper towels, reserving the bacon fat from the pan. Reduce the oven temperature to 350 degrees F. Once cooled, finely mince the bacon. For the caper spread: In a bowl, combine the cream cheese, capers, chives and honey mustard, and season with salt and pepper. With a rubber spatula, mix all the ingredients until combined. Adjust the seasoning if necessary. For the sandwich build: Cut the crusts from the bre <END>
INPUT: burgers, light sugar, cayenne pepper, cinnamon, bacon
OUTPUT: TITLE: BLT Burgers with Bacon Mayonnaise | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons packed light brown sugar; Pinch of cayenne pepper; Pinch of ground cinnamon; 4 slices thick-cut bacon; 3 slices thick-cut bacon; 1/3 cup mayonnaise; 2 tablespoons sour cream; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh chives; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 1/2 pounds ground beef chuck; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 tablespoons canola oil; 4 slices cheddar cheese; 8 slices Texas toast, toasted; Romaine lettuce and sliced tomato, for topping | INSTRUCTIONS: Make the candied bacon: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Mix the brown sugar, cayenne and cinnamon in a small bowl. Arrange the bacon on a wire rack set over a rimmed baking sheet. Sprinkle with half of the sugar-spice mixture. Bake 10 minutes, then flip and sprinkle with the remaining sugar-spice mixture and bake 10 more minutes. Remove the bacon from the oven and let cool. Make the bacon mayonnaise: Cook the bacon in a skillet over medium heat, turning occasionally, until crisp, 9 to 11 minutes. Drain on paper towels, then finely dice. Whisk the mayonnaise and sour cream in a small bowl. S <END>
INPUT: wrapped, corn, Milk, bacon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Corn Wrapped with Bacon | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 12 ears fresh corn, shucked; Milk, for soaking; 12 slices thinly-sliced bacon | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat a barbecue or stovetop grill, or alternatively, preheat broiler. In a large bowl cover corn with milk and leave to soak 20 minutes. Wrap bacon in a spiral around each ear of corn, lengthwise, stretching bacon to cover corn from tip to bottom; secure bacon at both ends with toothpicks. Place corn on grill and cook, turning occasionally, until corn is tender. Kernels should brown lightly but not blacken. Discard bacon slices before serving. <END>
INPUT: Italian, risotto, Arborio rice, simmering chicken stock, Parmesan cheese, wine, unsalted butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Easy Parmesan "Risotto" | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cups Arborio rice; 5 cups simmering chicken stock, preferably homemade, divided; 1 cup freshly grated Parmesan cheese; 1/2 cup dry white wine; 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, diced; 2 teaspoons kosher salt; 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 1 cup frozen peas | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees. Place the rice and 4 cups of the chicken stock in a Dutch oven, such as Le Creuset. Cover and bake for 45 minutes, until most of the liquid is absorbed and the rice is al dente. Remove from the oven, add the remaining cup of chicken stock, the Parmesan, wine, butter, salt, and pepper, and stir vigorously for 2 to 3 minutes, until the rice is thick and creamy. Add the peas and stir until heated through. Serve hot. <END>
INPUT: sauce, beans, garlic, plain yogurt, lemon, olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Creamy White Bean Yogurt Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 cup cooked white beans; 1 small garlic clove, coarsely chopped; 1/4 cup plain yogurt; 1/2 lemon, juiced; 2 tablespoons olive oil; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Puree the white beans, garlic, yogurt, lemon juice, and olive oil in a mini food processor until very smooth. Taste and season with salt and pepper. Serve with falafel or as a salad dressing.; <END>
INPUT: foster, butter, sugar, bananas, light rum, brandy
OUTPUT: TITLE: Bananas Foster | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 stick butter; 6 tablespoons brown sugar; 4 bananas; 1 tablespoon light rum; 2 tablespoons brandy; 8 scoops vanilla ice cream, for serving | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook butter and sugar in a large skillet over medium heat until melted. Meanwhile, slice bananas in half lengthwise. Add to skillet and cook until bananas are tender, about 2 minutes. Carefully add rum and brandy and ignite. Spoon sauce gently over the bananas a few times and then serve immediately over vanilla ice cream. <END>
INPUT: sauce, virgin olive oil, pepper flakes, garlic, tin flat fillet, thyme leaves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Linguini with White Clam Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 1 teaspoon red pepper flakes; 4 to 6 cloves garlic, finely chopped; 1 tin flat fillet of anchovies, drained, 6 or 7 fillets; 2 tablespoons fresh thyme leaves, 4 or 5 sprigs stripped or 1 1/2 teaspoons dried; 1 cup dry white wine; 1 cup clam juice or chicken stock; 1 can (15 ounces) fancy whole baby clams; 1 lemon, zested; 1 pound linguini, slightly undercooked, about 6 to 7 minutes; 1/4 cup chopped parsley leaves; Lots of black pepper and some coarse salt; Crusty bread, for mopping | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat a large deep skillet over medium heat. Add extra-virgin olive oil, 4 turns of the pan in a slow stream, red pepper flakes, garlic and anchovies and cook until anchovies melt into the oil. Add thyme and wine. Reduce wine 1 minute. Add clam juice or stock, clam juice will give the dish a stronger clam flavor, chicken stock will give it a buttery personality. Stir in clams and lemon zest. Drain pasta. Add to skillet and toss with sauce 2 to 3 minutes, until pasta is al dente and has absorbed some of the sauce and flavor. Add parsley, pepper and salt, to your taste and serve with bread for mo <END>
INPUT: Italian, angel hair pasta, Pistachio Pesto, olive oil, Salt pepper, Parmesan ribbons
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pistachio Pesto with Angel Hair Pasta | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 package angel hair pasta; 1/2 cup Pistachio Pesto, recipe follows; 2 tablespoons olive oil; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 cup Parmesan ribbons, shaved with a vegetable peeler, for garnish; 1 cup cherry tomatoes, cut in half, for garnish; 1/4 cup fresh basil leaves, for garnish; 8 cups fresh basil leaves, washed and dried; 1 cup plus 1 tablespoon olive oil; 3/4 cup unsalted pistachios, toasted and crushed in a mortar and pestle; 1/2 cup grated Parmesan; 2 cloves garlic; Salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Prepare the pasta according to package directions. Reserve 1/2 cup pasta water. Heat a large saute pan. Place the Pistachio Pesto, 1/4 cup reserved pasta water (more if needed) and olive oil in the pan. Toss to incorporate. Add the cooked pasta to the pan, gently fold into the Pistachio Pesto mixture, season with salt and pepper and divide among serving plates. Garnish with the Parmesan ribbons, cherry tomatoes, basil leaves and sprinkle with pepper. In batches, place the basil leaves, oil, pistachios, Parmesan and garlic in a blender and puree until smooth. Season with salt and pepper. Place  <END>
INPUT: Mexican, tilapia fillet, cumin, cayenne pepper, paprika, kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Tilapia | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: One 6-ounce tilapia fillet; Pinch ground cumin; Pinch cayenne pepper; Pinch paprika; Pinch kosher salt; 1 tablespoon olive oil; Tilapia Salad, recipe follows; Cashew Yogurt Sauce, recipe follows; 1 honey tangerine; 1/2 cup watercress; 1 teaspoon tangerine zest; 1/8 cup raw red beets, peeled and julienned; 1 tablespoon cashews, roasted; 3 quarts plain yogurt; 6 limes, juiced | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat the grill. Cut the fillet in 1/2 lengthwise. Lightly season the fish with the cumin, cayenne, paprika, and salt. Coat each piece in olive oil and grill, 3 to 4 minutes on each side. To plate, begin by covering a dinner plate with a layer of Cashew Yogurt Sauce. Place the pieces of grilled tilapia in the center, overlapping one another. Top the fish with the Tilapia Salad and place the tangerine segments around the plate. Using a sharp pairing knife, remove the skin of the tangerine. Slice the tangerine into rings and remove any seeds. Mix the watercress, tangerine zest, and beets with the <END>
INPUT: Italian, chicken breast halves, cilantro, olive oil, garlic, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fettuccine with Chicken, Red Onion and Peppers | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 3 skinless boneless chicken breast halves, cut crosswise into strips; 1 tablespoon plus 1/2 cup chopped fresh cilantro; 4 tablespoons olive oil; 6 garlic cloves, minced; 1 large red onion, thinly sliced; 2 large red bell peppers, seeded, thinly sliced; 1 large poblano chili, seeded, thinly sliced; 2 cups whipping cream; 1 tablespoon minced canned chipotle chilies; 1 pound fettuccine; 1 1/2 cups coarsely grated Monterey Jack cheese | INSTRUCTIONS: Toss chicken, 1 tablespoon cilantro and 1 tablespoon oil in small bowl. Sprinkle with salt and pepper. Cover; chill 1 hour. Heat 3 tablespoons oil in large skillet over medium heat. Add garlic, onion, bell peppers and poblano and sauté until just tender, about 10 minutes. Transfer vegetables to large bowl. Add chicken to same skillet and sauté over high heat until cooked through and beginning to brown, about 4 minutes. Transfer chicken to bowl with vegetables. Add cream and chipotle chilies to skillet and boil until reduced enough to coat spoon thickly, about 4 minutes. Meanwhile, cook pasta i <END>
INPUT: sugar, water, sherry wine vinegar, orange juice, shallots
OUTPUT: TITLE: Duck a L'orange | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup sugar; 2 tablespoons water; 1/4 cup sherry wine vinegar, or red wine vinegar; 2 cups fresh orange juice; 1/4 cup minced shallots; 1 1/2 cups diluted duck demiglace* (a 6 1/2-ounce container stirred together with 3 tablespoons water); Orange flavored liqueur; Lemon juice; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 large oranges; 3 (1 pound) boneless Muscovy or Magret duck breast halves, thawed if frozen; 4 tablespoons unsalted butter; 3 tablespoons julienned orange zest | INSTRUCTIONS: Stir sugar and water in heavy medium saucepan over medium heat until sugar dissolves. Increase heat; boil until syrup turns deep amber, occasionally brushing down sides of pan with wet pastry brush and swirling pan. Remove from heat. Add vinegar (mixture will bubble vigorously), orange juice, and shallots. Bring mixture to a boil, stirring, and simmer until reduced to 3/4 cup. Add demiglace. Reduce to 1 cup. Strain through fine sieve. Correct seasoning by adding orange liqueur, lemon juice, salt, and freshly ground black pepper, to taste. Set aside. Using small knife, cut off peel and white pi <END>
INPUT: coupe, crumble, rhubarb, wine, granulated sugar, kosher salt, vanilla bean
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Rhubarb Coupe with Macadamia Crumble | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 pounds rhubarb, cut into 1/2" pieces; 1/3 cup dry red wine; 1/3 cup granulated sugar; 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt; 1/2 vanilla bean, halved lengthwise; 1 1/4 cups all-purpose flour; 1/3 cup chopped macadamia nuts; 1/3 cup granulated sugar; 1 teaspoon kosher salt; 1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract; 1/2 cup (1 stick) chilled unsalted butter, cut into pieces; 2/3 cup chilled heavy cream; 1 tablespoon powdered sugar; 1 pint vanilla ice cream; 1 pint lemon ice cream or sorbet | INSTRUCTIONS: Roasted Rhubarb: Preheat oven to 350°. Combine rhubarb, wine, granulated sugar, and salt in an 8x8" baking dish, scrape in seeds from vanilla bean, and toss to combine; discard pod. Roast, tossing halfway through, until rhubarb is very tender but not falling apart, 25–30 minutes; let cool. Preheat oven to 350°. Combine rhubarb, wine, granulated sugar, and salt in an 8x8" baking dish, scrape in seeds from vanilla bean, and toss to combine; discard pod. Roast, tossing halfway through, until rhubarb is very tender but not falling apart, 25–30 minutes; let cool. Crumble and Assembly: Combine flour <END>
INPUT: Asian, supremes, sauce, Kosher salt pepper, square parchment paper, grapeseed canola oil, shallot
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken Supremes in Parchment with Roasted Squash Sauce and Baby Bok Choy | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 4 boneless, skinless chicken breasts; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 4 square sheets of parchment paper; 3 tablespoons grapeseed or canola oil; 1/4 cup sliced shallot; 2 cloves garlic, minced; 2 cups cubed butternut squash, roasted; 1 cup diced fennel, roasted; Kosher salt; 1/4 cup dry sherry; 4 cups low-sodium chicken stock; Freshly ground black pepper; 1 tablespoon sesame oil; 4 baby bok choy, sliced in 1/2 down the center; Kosher salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Make the Chicken: Season the chicken with salt and pepper. Using scissors, round off the 4 corners of the parchment paper squares to make large circles (don't worry about the circle being perfect). Arrange each breast, slightly off center, on the paper circles, with the smooth rounded sides up. Fold one end of the paper over each breast, to make half-moon shapes. (The breasts should be horizontal to the folds.) Make 1/4-inch folds all around the open ends and press to crimp and seal. Close the final crimp with a paper clip. Place packages on a baking sheet and refrigerate until ready to use. M <END>
INPUT: annelie, cream, mayonnaise, Irish stout
OUTPUT: TITLE: Annelie's Irish Stout Mayonnaise | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup cream; 1 cup mayonnaise; 1/2 cup Irish stout | INSTRUCTIONS: In a medium bowl, mix ingredients in the following order: cream, mayonnaise, and stout. Stir well. Use as you would regular mayonnaise, on sandwiches, in vinaigrettes, or as a dip. <END>
INPUT: icebox, cake, smooth peanut butter, heavy cream, confectioners' sugar, vanilla extract, bananas
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate Peanut Butter and Banana Icebox Cake | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup smooth peanut butter (recommended: Jiffy); 2 1/2 cups cold heavy cream, divided; 1/2 cup confectioners' sugar; 1 1/2 teaspoons vanilla extract; 5 bananas, sliced, plus additional for garnish; 2 (9-ounce) packages chocolate wafer cookies | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large bowl using a handheld mixer, whisk together the peanut butter and 1/2 cup heavy cream until light and fluffy and set aside. Make sure the whipping attachments are clean and then whip the remaining 2 cups cream with the sugar and vanilla until slightly stiff peaks form. Gently fold some of the whipped cream into the peanut butter mixture to lighten it up. Then add the peanut butter mixture back into the whipped cream in 3 parts, gently folding until combined, trying to keep it light and fluffy, and then set aside. In a 9-inch springform pan, arrange a layer of cookies (about 16) over <END>
INPUT: Asian, sesame oil, snap peas, soy sauce, pearl onions, water
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sesame-Glazed Snap Peas with Pearl Onions | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoon sesame oil; 2 cups snap peas (fresh or frozen); 1 tablespoon soy sauce; 1 bag frozen pearl onions; 1 tablespoon water; 2 teaspoons sesame seeds; Salt and pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Add snap peas, soy sauce, pearl onions and 1 tablespoon of water and cook 3 to 5 minutes, until vegetables are tender and golden and water evaporates. Stir in sesame seeds and cook 1 minute, until seeds are golden. Remove from heat and stir in salt and black pepper. <END>
INPUT: sundae, unsalted butter, sugar, apple cider, cinnamon, ginger
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Pear Sundae | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 tablespoons unsalted butter; 4 tablespoons brown sugar; 2 tablespoons apple cider; 1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1/4 teaspoon ground ginger; Pinch kosher salt; 2 pears, stemmed, cored, and sliced lengthwise 1/2 inch thick; Ice cream; Pecans, for topping; Whipped cream, for topping | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat grill to medium. In a small saucepan add butter, brown sugar, apple cider, cinnamon, ginger, and salt. Place onto grill until butter melts. Mix together until well combined. Place pears directly onto grill for 2 to 4 minutes. Turn and cook on the other side. Brush both sides of the pears with the butter mixture to glaze. Immediately take pears off the grill after glazing and place on a plate. Scoop ice cream into 4 serving bowls. Top with pears, pecans and whipped cream. Drizzle the remaining butter mixture on top and serve. <END>
INPUT: rectangles puff pastry, egg water, butter, shallots, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken and Apples in Pastry | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 rectangles of puff pastry, each 2 1/2 by 6 inches; 1 egg beaten with 1 teaspoon water; 8 tablespoons butter; 3 shallots, minced; 1 onion, finely chopped; 2 Granny Smith apples, peeled, cored, quartered and cut into 1/2-inch slices; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 4 chicken breast halves, skinned and boned, each one split in half horizontally; 1 pound fresh spinach, stemmed and rinsed; 1 tablespoon white wine or Champagne vinegar | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees. Place puff pastry rectangles on a baking sheet lined with parchment. Brush surface of each piece with beaten egg without letting egg drip down sides of pastry. Bake for 10 minutes. Lower heat to 350 degrees and bake 25 minutes longer or until pastry is nut brown and crisp to the touch. Meanwhile melt 6 tablespoons of butter over medium heat. Saute shallots for a minute. Add onion and saute 5 to 6 minutes longer or until tender. Add apples and cook for 15 minutes or until very tender. Season well with salt and pepper; set aside until later. Remove pastry from th <END>
INPUT: provencal, chicken, olive oil, salt pork, onion, tomatoes juices
OUTPUT: TITLE: Provencal Sauteed Chicken | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 4 1/2-pound chicken, cut into 8 pieces; 3 tablespoons olive oil; 1/2 cup chopped salt pork (about 2 1/2 ounces); 1 cup chopped onion; 1 28-ounce can diced peeled tomatoes with juices; 1 14 1/2-ounce can low-salt chicken broth; 3/4 cup dry white wine; 6 fresh thyme sprigs or 1 tablespoon dried; 3 large garlic cloves, minced; 2 bay leaves; 1 cup drained Niçoise olives; 1/2 cup sliced fresh basil | INSTRUCTIONS: Season chicken with salt and pepper. Heat oil in heavy large Dutch oven over medium-high heat. Working in batches, add chicken and brown on all sides, about 5 minutes per batch. Transfer chicken to plate. Pour off all but 2 tablespoons fat from Dutch oven. Add salt pork; sauté until golden, about 5 minutes. Add onion and sauté until almost tender and golden, 6 minutes. Add tomatoes with their juices, broth, wine, thyme, garlic and bay leaves and bring to boil. Return chicken to Dutch oven. Cover and simmer until chicken is cooked through, about 20 minutes. Transfer chicken to large bowl. Add o <END>
INPUT: crab, cake, Corn, milk, unsalted butter, kosher salt, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Seared Crab Cake with Corn Relish, Roasted Tomato and Pepper Coulis | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Cooked Corn Relish:; 2 cups milk; 8 ounces unsalted butter; 2 tablespoons kosher salt; 2 tablespoons sugar; 3 whole corn on the cob; 1/4 cup rice wine vinegar; 1 ounce fresh cilantro, finely chopped; 2 large shallots, finely chopped; 1 clove garlic, minced; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; Tomato and Pepper Coulis:; 4 tablespoons olive oil; 1 tablespoon rice wine vinegar; 3 shallots, peeled | INSTRUCTIONS: For the corn relish: Add the milk and 2 cups water to a 3- to 4-quart pot and bring to a simmer. When it's at a simmer, stir in the butter, salt and sugar; give it a few minutes until the butter has melted. Place the corn in the pot, cover and cook until tender, about 45 minutes. Remove the corn and cool down enough to handle, and then cut off the kernels with a knife. (Hint: it will be easier to remove the kernels off the cob if still warm.) Mix together the corn, vinegar, cilantro, shallots, garlic and salt and black pepper to taste in a large bowl. For the coulis: Preheat the oven to 400 de <END>
INPUT: Asian, stir, cornstarch, Chinese rice wine, oyster sauce, block tofu, unsalted peanuts
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tofu and Peanut Stir-Fry | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 6 tablespoons cornstarch; 3 tablespoons Chinese rice wine or dry sherry; 1/3 cup oyster sauce; 1 14 -ounce block firm tofu, drained; 1 cup unsalted peanuts (preferably raw); 1/4 cup peanut oil or vegetable oil; 2 teaspoons minced ginger; 3 cloves garlic, minced; 8 whole dried arbol chiles (or 2 jalapeno peppers, halved lengthwise); Kosher salt; 12 ounces shiitake mushrooms, stems removed, caps quartered; 1 pound sugar snap peas, strings removed, halved crosswise | INSTRUCTIONS: Make the marinade: Whisk 2 tablespoons cornstarch, the rice wine, oyster sauce and 2 tablespoons water in a large bowl. Cut the tofu in half horizontally to make 2 large rectangles, then cut each rectangle into 4 squares. Add to the marinade and turn to coat. Cook the peanuts in the peanut oil in a large skillet over medium heat, stirring, until lightly golden, 4 to 5 minutes. Remove the skillet from the heat and transfer the nuts to a bowl with a slotted spoon. Drain the tofu, reserving the marinade; sprinkle both sides with the remaining 4 tablespoons cornstarch. Return the skillet to medium <END>
INPUT: American, caramel, sugar, cornstarch tapioca starch, salt, buttermilk, dulce de leche
OUTPUT: TITLE: Caramel Apple Pear Pie | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup sugar; 1/4 cup cornstarch or tapioca starch; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 1 cup buttermilk; 1/4 cup store-bought dulce de leche, plus more for garnish; 4 large eggs; 1 large or 2 small d'Anjou pears; 1 baked 9-inch deep-dish pie crust, recipe follows, or store bought; 1/2 cup dried apple slices; Ground cinnamon, for garnish; 1 1/2 cups all-purpose flour, plus more for rolling; 1/2 teaspoon sugar; 8 tablespoons (1 stick) cold unsalted butter, cubed; 6 tablespoons ice water; Nonstick cooking spray, for spraying pie plate | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Combine the sugar, 2 tablespoons of the cornstarch and the salt in a large bowl. In a medium bowl, whisk together the buttermilk, dulce de leche and eggs until well combined. Add the egg mixture to the cornstarch mixture and whisk to combine. Halve and core the pear. Cut lengthwise into 1/4-inch slices. Add the slices to a bowl with the remaining 2 tablespoons cornstarch and toss to completely coat the fruit. To assemble the pie and bake, place the baked deep-dish pie crust on a baking sheet. Lay the dried apple slices in a sing <END>
INPUT: Italian, lasagna, potatoes, marinara sauce, eggs, ricotta cheese, Parmesan cheese
OUTPUT: TITLE: Potatoes Like Lasagna | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 2 large potatoes, peeled and sliced lengthwise; 2 cups marinara sauce; 2 large eggs; 15 ounces ricotta cheese; 1/2 cup grated Parmesan cheese; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 1 pound mozzarella; 1 (3 to 4) pound pumpkin; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/2 teaspoon cinnamon; 4 cups crumbled cornbread; 2 cups toasted bread, cut into 1-inch cubes; 10 saltine crackers; 2 cups vegetable stock | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F and grease and flour a 13 by 9-inch baking dish. Place a layer of potato slices on the bottom of the dish and cover it with approximately 1/4 cup of sauce. In a mixing bowl, beat the eggs with the ricotta and Parmesan cheese and salt and pepper. Pour about half of the cheese mixture on top of the potatoes and sauce and place a layer of mozzarella on top of that. Continue layering the potatoes, sauce, cheese mixture, and mozzarella until all the ingredients are used up - you should end with a top layer of mozzarella cheese. Bake for about 45 to 50 minutes. The  <END>
INPUT: cauliflower, unsalted butter, scallions, all purpose flour, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Baked Breaded Cauliflower | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 large cauliflower (about 3 pounds), trimmed of leaves and coarse bottom stem, then cooked until crisp-tender (see Note above); 2 1/2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 6 large scallions, trimmed and finely chopped (white part only); 3 tablespoons all-purpose flour; 3/4 teaspoon salt; 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 1/2 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg; 2 cups half-and-half, at room temperature; 1/2 cup freshly grated Parmigiano Reggiano (see Tip above); 1/3 cup moderately coarse dry bread crumbs mixed with 2 tablespoons freshly grated Parmigiano Reggiano and 1 tablespoon melted unsalted butter (Toppin | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. Preheat oven to 375°F. Drain all liquid from cooked cauliflower, ease whole head into 9-inch pie pan generously coated with nonstick baking spray, and set aside. 2. Melt butter in small heavy saucepan over moderately low heat. Add scallions and cook, stirring occasionally, 2 to 3 minutes until limp. Blend in flour, salt, pepper, and nutmeg and cook and stir 3 minutes. 3. Whisking constantly, add half-and-half in slow, steady stream and continue whisking 5 to 8 minutes until thickened and no raw floury taste lingers. Add cheese and stir until melted. Carefully pour sauce over cauliflower and <END>
INPUT: milanese, canola oil, shallot, pepper flakes, rice wine vinegar, honey
OUTPUT: TITLE: Bone-In Pork Milanese with Soy-Honey Glaze | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons canola oil; 1 large shallot, thinly sliced; Pinch red pepper flakes; 1 tablespoon rice wine vinegar; 1/2 cup honey; 1/2 cup soy sauce; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 4 bone-in center cut pork chops, pounded thin between 2 pieces of plastic wrap; Canola oil; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; Soy-Honey Glaze; Chopped green onions, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. For the glaze: Heat the oil in a small saucepan over medium heat. Add the shallot and cook until soft. Stir in the red pepper flakes and cook for 30 seconds. Deglaze the pan with rice wine vinegar, and then stir in the honey and soy and cook until just heated through. Remove from the heat and season with pepper, to taste. Transfer to a bowl and let cool to room temperature. For the pork chop: Heat the grill to high. Brush the chops with oil on both sides and season with salt and pepper. Grill until golden brown on both sides, and just cooked through, brushing wit <END>
INPUT: Italian, relish, mayonnaise, garlic, Kosher salt pepper, basil, wine vinegar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Eggplant and Fresh Mozzarella on Ciabatta with Roasted Pepper Relish | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup mayonnaise; 4 cloves garlic, smashed to a paste; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 3 tablespoons finely chopped fresh basil; 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar; 1 tablespoon canola oil; 8 jarred piquillo peppers, patted dry and thinly sliced; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 medium eggplant, sliced crosswise into 1/4-inch-thick slices; Canola oil, for brushing; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 4 ciabatta rolls, sliced in half lengthwise; Canola oil, for brushing; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 8 ounces fresh mozzarella, thinly sliced | INSTRUCTIONS: For the mayonnaise mixture: Combine the mayonnaise and garlic in a small bowl and season with salt and pepper. Refrigerate for at least 30 minutes before using. For the roasted pepper relish: Combine the basil, vinegar, oil and peppers in a small bowl and season with salt and pepper. Let sit at room temperature while you assemble the sandwiches. Preheat a grill on medium-high heat. For the grilled eggplant: Brush the eggplant slices with oil and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Cook until grill marks appear, 1 to 2 minutes per side. For the sandwiches: Brush the cut sides of the bread with oil a <END>
INPUT: Italian, corn, Basil Chive Butter, Grey salt, firmly basil leaves, powdered ascorbic acid
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Ears of Corn with Basil Chive Butter | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 12 ears corn, shucked; Basil Chive Butter, recipe follows; Grey salt; 4 cups firmly packed fresh basil leaves; 1/8 teaspoon powdered ascorbic acid (vitamin C); Sea salt, preferably gray salt; 2 sticks (16 tablespoons unsalted butter), at room temperature; Freshly ground pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat a grill to high. Place ears of corn on the grill. Grill for around 2 minutes on each side. When slightly browned, remove from heat and roll in basil chive butter. Sprinkle with grey salt. Puree the basil, ascorbic acid, salt and pepper, and butter in a food processor. If the mixture is too dry to puree, add just enough water to ease the process. Puree until smooth and well blended. Taste and add more salt if desired. Refrigerate until firm enough to shape into a log. <END>
INPUT: milk, powdered milk, honey, plain yogurt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fresh Yogurt | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 quart 2-percent milk; 1/2 cup powdered milk; 1 to 2 tablespoons honey; 1/2 cup plain yogurt, room temperature | INSTRUCTIONS: Pour the milk into a small saucepan and whisk in the powdered milk and honey. Place over medium heat and bring to 120 degrees F on an instant-read thermometer. Once the milk has reached has reached the target temperature, pour it into a cylindrical plastic container, reserving 1/2 cup. Whisk the reserved milk into the yogurt and add it back to the milk mixture. Place the container into a narrow wine bucket lined with a heating pad. Set the heating pad to medium. Let the mixture ferment for 3 to 12 hours, making sure the temperature stays as close to 115 degrees F as possible. After the ferment <END>
INPUT: julep, superfine sugar, mint leaves, ice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mint Julep | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons (1 ounce) club soda; 2 heaping teaspoons superfine sugar; 15 fresh mint leaves, plus 5 small sprigs for garnish; 6 tablespoons (3 ounces) Bernheim or other high-quality whiskey; 2 cups crushed ice | INSTRUCTIONS: In julep cup, stir together club soda and sugar until sugar just begins to dissolve. Add mint leaves and, using glass muddler or back of large spoon, gently press leaves into sugar syrup until slightly darkened but not completely crushed. Add whiskey, then fill cup with crushed ice and, using long spoon, stir briefly. Tuck mint sprigs into top of cup and insert short straw. In julep cup, stir together club soda and sugar until sugar just begins to dissolve. Add mint leaves and, using glass muddler or back of large spoon, gently press leaves into sugar syrup until slightly darkened but not comp <END>
INPUT: punch, orange juice, milk, sugar, orange peel, nutmeg
OUTPUT: TITLE: Orange Sherbet Punch | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 cups chilled orange juice; 1 cup milk; 3 tablespoons sugar; 2 teaspoons grated orange peel; 1/2 teaspoon ground nutmeg; 1 cup chilled sparkling water; 1 quart orange sherbet | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine 4 cups orange juice, 1 cup milk, 3 tablespoons sugar, orange peel and nutmeg in large pitcher. Mix until sugar dissolves. (Can be prepared 3 days ahead. Cover and refrigerate.) Pour sparkling water into orange juice mixture and stir to blend. Scoop sherbet into large glass punch bowl. Pour punch over and serve immediately. Combine 4 cups orange juice, 1 cup milk, 3 tablespoons sugar, orange peel and nutmeg in large pitcher. Mix until sugar dissolves. (Can be prepared 3 days ahead. Cover and refrigerate.) Pour sparkling water into orange juice mixture and stir to blend. Scoop sherbet in <END>
INPUT: deviled, dozen eggs, truffle oil, olive oil, dashes hot sauce, Salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Truffle Deviled Eggs | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 dozen eggs, plus 2 yolks; 1 tablespoon truffle oil; 4 tablespoons olive oil; 2 dashes hot sauce (recommended: Tabasco); Salt and white pepper; 1 teaspoon minced fresh parsley leaves; 1 teaspoon dry English mustard (recommended: Coleman's); Chives, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: In saucepan, add the eggs and enough hot water to cover the eggs. Cook the eggs for 12 minutes at a rapid boil. Remove the eggs to a bowl of cold water and let cool for about 10 to 15 minutes. While the eggs are cooling, prepare the truffle mayonnaise by whisking the remaining 2 egg yolks, in a medium bowl, until the yolks are stiff and increased in volume by 20 percent. Slowly whisk in the truffle oil and olive oil, ensuring that all of the oil is being absorbed before more is added. Continue to add the oil until all of it has been added, then season with hot sauce, salt and white pepper, to  <END>
INPUT: croquettes, russet potatoes, cubes day old, onions, milk, tarama
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tarama Croquettes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 small russet potatoes, peeled, cut into 1-inch pieces; 4 cups 1-inch cubes day-old crustless French bread (about 12 ounces); 6 green onions, coarsely chopped; 1/2 cup plus 2 tablespoons whole milk; 1/3 cup tarama* (pale orange carp roe; about 4 ounces); 1 large egg; 2 large egg whites; 3 cups fresh breadcrumbs made from crustless French bread; Olive oil (for frying); Safflower oil (for frying); Lemon wedges | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook potatoes in large saucepan of boiling salted water until tender, about 15 minutes. Drain. Return to saucepan; mash. Combine bread cubes, green onions, 1/2 cup milk, and tarama in processor. Process until smooth paste forms. Transfer mixture to bowl. Add 1 whole egg and 1 cup mashed potatoes (reserve any remaining potato for another use); stir to blend well. Cover and refrigerate at least 4 hours and up to 1 day. Lightly beat egg whites and remaining 2 tablespoons milk in medium bowl to blend. Place breadcrumbs on plate. Form 2 tablespoons tarama mixture into ball; press to flatten slightl <END>
INPUT: Indian, fish, vegetable oil, mustard seeds, cardamom pods, piece cinnamon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Green Coconut Fish Curry | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons vegetable oil; 1/2 teaspoon brown mustard seeds; 6 green cardamom pods, lightly crushed; 4 cloves; 1 large piece cinnamon stick; 1 small onion, finely chopped; 1 (2-inch) piece fresh ginger, peeled and quartered; 2 large cloves garlic; 1 teaspoon ground coriander; 10 1/2 ounces coconut milk; 2 to 4 green chiles, left whole; Kosher salt; 3 1/2 ounces water; 10 curry leaves*; 1/2 to 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat the oil in a nonstick pan, add the mustard seeds, cardamom pods, cloves, and cinnamon stick and stir-fry for 20 seconds (be careful, the mustard seeds might pop). Add half of the chopped onion and stir-fry for 4 to 5 minutes, or until the onions are soft. Meanwhile, place the remaining onion, the ginger, garlic, ground coriander, and 2 ounces (1/4 cup) of coconut milk into a blender or food processor, and blend to a smooth puree. Add the coconut milk mixture to the pan along with the whole green chiles, and salt, to taste. Cover the pan with a lid, and cook over a low heat for 12 to 15 mi <END>
INPUT: pots, creme, heavy cream, milk, chocolate, egg yolks, Pomegranate Sauce
OUTPUT: TITLE: White Chocolate Pots du Creme | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup heavy cream; 3/4 cup whole milk; 12 ounces white chocolate, finely chopped; 6 egg yolks; 1 cup Pomegranate Sauce, recipe follows; 1 1/2 dozen Florentine Cookies, recipe follows; 4 whole pomegranates; 1/2 cup sugar; 1/4 cup water; 1/4 pound butter, room temperature; 1 cup sugar; 1 large egg; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; 1/4 teaspoon baking soda; Pinch salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine the cream and milk in a heavy bottom, 2 quart saucepan. Place over medium heat and bring to a boil. Bring the water in a double boiler to a simmer. Place the chocolate in the top half and stir with a rubber spatula until melted. Whisk the egg yolks into the melted chocolate. Slowly pour the boiling cream mixture into the chocolate, whisking constantly. Bring to a temperature of 160 degrees, about 3 1/2 to 4 minutes. Remove from the heat and transfer to a stainless steel bowl. Cool in an ice bath, stirring constantly with a wire whisk to a temperature of 90 degrees F., about 4 to 5 minu <END>
INPUT: cowboy, bacon, cubed beef stew, onions, celery, carrots
OUTPUT: TITLE: "Cowboy" Stew | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 bacon, diced; 2 pounds cubed beef stew meat; 3 large onions, medium dice; 1 bunch celery, well scrubbed, cleaned, and chopped; 1 pound carrots, medium dice; One 750-ml bottle red wine; 2 quarts beef broth; 1 cup all-purpose flour; 1/2 cup vegetable oil; 2 pounds potatoes, well scrubbed and diced, skin on; One 8-ounce package frozen okra; 3 bay leaves; Salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Brown bacon in a large (8-quart capacity) pot. Add beef and brown in the bacon fat. Add onions, celery and carrots and saute for about 5 minutes. Add red wine and beef broth, and simmer until reduced by half. In a small bowl, mix flour and oil, then stir this mixture into the stew and let simmer for a few minutes to thicken and integrate flavors. Add potatoes, okra and bay leaves to the stew and let cook until potatoes are fork tender. Season, to taste, with salt and pepper. <END>
INPUT: American, cheesecake, swirl, gingersnap cookies, pecans, firmly sugar, packages cream cheese
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pumpkin Cheesecake with Caramel Swirl | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cups ground gingersnap cookies; 1 1/2 cups toasted pecans (about 6 ounces); 1/4 cup firmly packed brown sugar; 1/4 cup (1/2 stick) unsalted butter, melted; 4 8-ounce packages cream cheese, room temperature; 1 2/3 cups sugar; 1 1/2 cups canned solid pack pumpkin; 9 tablespoons whipping cream; 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1 teaspoon ground allspice; 4 large eggs; 1 tablespoon (about) purchased caramel sauce; 1 cup sour cream | INSTRUCTIONS: For Crust: Preheat oven to 350°F. Finely grind ground cookies, pecans and sugar in processor. Add melted butter and blend until combined. Press crust mixture onto bottom and up sides of 9-inch-diameter springform pan with 2 3/4-inch-high sides. Preheat oven to 350°F. Finely grind ground cookies, pecans and sugar in processor. Add melted butter and blend until combined. Press crust mixture onto bottom and up sides of 9-inch-diameter springform pan with 2 3/4-inch-high sides. For Filling: Using electric mixer, beat cream cheese and sugar in large bowl until light. Transfer 3/4 cup mixture to sma <END>
INPUT: shallots, jalapeño chilies, onions, russet potatoes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sirloin Steaks with Potatoes and Spicy Chili Butter | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup (1 stick) butter, room temperature; 1/4 cup minced shallots; 2 tablespoons minced seeded jalapeño chilies; 2 onions, thinly sliced; 3 russet potatoes, peeled, cut into 1/2-inch-thick rounds; 1/4 cup chopped fresh Italian parsley; 4 12-ounce sirloin strip steaks, trimmed; Vegetable oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Mix first 3 ingredients in small bowl. Season with salt and pepper. Spoon onto plastic wrap; roll into cylinder. Cover; chill at least 3 hours or overnight. Melt 2 tablespoons chili butter in heavy large pot over medium heat. Add onions; sauté until deep golden brown, about 25 minutes. (Can be made 1 day ahead; cover and chill.) Steam potatoes until tender. Cool. Melt 3 tablespoons chili butter in heavy medium skillet over medium heat. Add potatoes; sauté until golden brown, about 8 minutes. Mix onions and parsley into potatoes. Season with salt and pepper. Sprinkle steaks with salt and pepper <END>
INPUT: charlotte, unsalted butter, mixed tart apples, lemon zest, sugar, cinnamon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Apple Charlotte | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, plus 10 tablespoons, softened; 6 pounds mixed tart apples, peeled, cored and chopped; 1/2 teaspoon lemon zest, plus 2 tablespoons lemon juice; 3/4 cup sugar; 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1/2 teaspoon ground nutmeg; 1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract; 22 slices thin-slice white bread, crusts removed; Whipped cream or ice cream, for serving | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Special equipment: a Charlotte mold or flat-bottom 2-quart ovenproof casserole Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Melt 4 tablespoons of the butter in a large saucepan over medium heat. Add the apples, lemon zest, lemon juice, sugar, cinnamon, nutmeg and vanilla. Cover and cook until the apples break down and the mixture becomes stiff, about 50 minutes. Remove from the heat and let cool while you put together the bread. Arrange 4 of the bread slices in a square shape on a flat surface. Place the Charlotte mold upside down on the bread and trace the opening with a  <END>
INPUT: crusted, voodoo, canola oil, egg roll wrapper, lump crabmeat, Japanese seaweed salad, shrimp
OUTPUT: TITLE: Coconut Crusted Voodoo Shrimp | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 8 cups canola oil, for frying; 1 egg roll wrapper, cut into 1 1/2-inch wide strips; 3 ounces lump crabmeat; 3 ounces Japanese seaweed salad; 3 large shrimp, peeled and deveined; 1 egg, beaten; 3 ounces all-purpose flour; 3 ounces Japanese (panko) bread crumbs; 3 ounces shredded coconut; 1 tablespoon sesame seeds; Sweet and sour sauce, for dipping; Mango chutney, for dipping | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: Wooden skewers In a large Dutch oven or heavy bottomed pot, heat the oil to 325 degrees F. Lay the eggroll wrapper strips on a cutting board. Top with 1-ounce each of crabmeat and seaweed salad. Place each shrimp on a wooden skewer and lay on the filled wrapper. Wrap the shrimp tightly in the egg roll skin, sealing the end with egg wash. Dredge each wrapped shrimp in flour, then in the egg wash again and finally in the mixture of shredded coconut, sesame seeds and bread crumbs. Deep-fry each skewer until they are golden brown and the shrimp are cooked through, 3 to 5 minutes <END>
INPUT: frangipane, Pate sucree, sugar, egg, blanched almonds
OUTPUT: TITLE: Apricot Frangipane Tart | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Pate sucree, rolled 1/8-inch thick, and fitted into a tart pan with removable bottom; 1/2 cup (1 stick) unsalted butter, cut into bits and softened; 1/4 cup sugar plus 2 teaspoons; 1 large egg; 1 cup blanched almonds, ground; 1 teaspoon vanilla; 1 (2-pound) can apricot halves, drained; 1/2 cup apricot glaze | INSTRUCTIONS: Trim the edge of the dough with the rolling pin. Prick the shell with a fork and chill the shell for 30 minutes. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees and preheat the baking sheet. In a bowl with the mixer cream the butter, add 1/4 cup plus 2 teaspoons of the sugar, and beat the mixture until fluffy. Add the egg, beating well, and beat in the almonds and the vanilla. Spread the frangipane mixture in the shell, top it with the apricot halves cut sides up, and bake the tart on the baking sheet in the lower third of the oven for 40 minutes, or until the filling is golden and set. Preheat the broiler. S <END>
INPUT: American, salad, salt, pepper, cumin, olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Steak Salad with Shallots and Red Wine | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 teaspoons salt; 1 teaspoon black pepper; 1/2 teaspoon ground cumin; 2 (1 1/2-inch-thick) boneless top loin steaks (10 ounces each); 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1/2 pound large shallots, thinly sliced lengthwise (2 cups); 1/2 cup dry red wine; 1/4 cup red-wine vinegar; 1 tablespoon packed dark brown sugar; 3 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1 head escarole (1 pound), torn into 1-inch pieces (6 cups); Special equipment: an instant-read thermometer | INSTRUCTIONS: Stir together salt, pepper, and cumin in a small bowl. Pat steaks dry and sprinkle spice mixture evenly on both sides, rubbing to adhere. Heat oil in a 10- to 12-inch heavy skillet over moderate heat until hot but not smoking, then cook steaks, turning over once, until thermometer inserted horizontally registers 115°F, about 12 minutes total. Transfer steaks to a cutting board and let stand, loosely covered, 10 minutes. (Beef will continue to cook as it stands.) Add shallots to skillet and cook over moderate heat, stirring frequently, until just softened, about 3 minutes. Stir in wine, vinegar <END>
INPUT: American, patti, labelle, Pie Dough, All purpose flour, light sugar, Kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Patti LaBelle-Style Sweet Potato Pie | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 Pie Dough; All-purpose flour for dusting; 8 tablespoons (1 stick) unsalted butter, melted, divided; 3/4 cup packed light brown sugar, divided; Kosher salt; 2 large orange-fleshed sweet potatoes (about 1 3/4 pounds); 1/2 cup granulated sugar; 2 large eggs, lightly beaten; 1/4 cup half-and-half; 3/4 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1/4 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg | INSTRUCTIONS: Prepare the pie shell: Roll out prepared dough into a 13” round on a lightly floured surface. Roll dough loosely around rolling pin then carefully unfurl into 9” deep dish pie plate. Lightly press into plate. Leave 1” dough hanging over edge, trimming any excess dough. Tuck dough under itself, then crimp edge as desired. Cover with plastic wrap and chill while making filling, at least 30 minutes or overnight. Put oven rack in middle position and preheat oven to 400°F. Uncover pie shell, prick bottom with a fork, and brush bottom and sides with 1 Tbsp. melted butter, leaving edge unbuttered. Sp <END>
INPUT: sauce, onion, olive oil, shallot, garlic, bell pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Veal Chops with Eggplant and Pepper Stuffing and Roasted Red Pepper Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 small onion, minced; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1 1/2 tablespoons minced shallot; 2 garlic cloves, minced; 1 yellow bell pepper, cut into 1/4-inch pieces (about 1/2 cup); 1/4 pound eggplant, peeled and cut into 1/4-inch pieces (about 1 cup); 1 plum tomato,seeded and chopped fine; 1 teaspoon herbs de Provence (available at specialty food shops) or equal parts crumbled dried thyme, rosemary, and savory; 1/4 teaspoon dried sage, crumbled; 1/4 teaspoon dried basil, crumbled; 1 teaspoon finely chopped fresh parsley leaves; 1/2 teaspoon salt; two 1-inch-thick rib veal chops, trimmed and the bones frenched (about 3/4 pound); 1 tablespoon vegetable oil; finely fresh parsley leaves for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Make the stuffing: In a large skillet cook the onion in the oil over moderately low heat until it is softened. Add the shallot, the garlic, the bell pepper, and the eggplant and cook the mixture, stirring, for 6 to 8 minutes, or until the eggplant is softened. Stir in the tomato, the herbs de Provence, the sage, the basil, the parsley, the salt, and black pepper to taste, cook the stuffing, stirring, for 1 minute, and let it cool. With a sharp knife make a 1-inch-long incision along the fat side of each chop and cut a pocket in each chop by moving the knife back and forth carefully through the <END>
INPUT: scones, all purpose flour, baking powder, salt, unsalted butter, eggs
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cheddar-Dill Scones | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 cups plus 1 tablespoon all-purpose flour, divided; 2 tablespoons baking powder; 2 teaspoons salt; 3/4 pound cold unsalted butter, diced; 4 extra-large eggs, beaten lightly; 1 cup cold heavy cream; 1/2 pound extra-sharp yellow Cheddar, small-diced; 1 cup minced fresh dill; 1 egg beaten with 1 tablespoon water or milk, for egg wash | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Combine 4 cups of flour, the baking powder, and salt in the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with a paddle attachment. Add the butter and mix on low speed until the butter is in pea-sized pieces. Mix the eggs and heavy cream and quickly add them to the flour-and-butter mixture. Combine until just blended. Toss together the Cheddar, dill, and 1 tablespoon of flour and add them to the dough. Mix until they are almost incorporated. Dump the dough onto a well-floured surface and knead it for 1 minute, until the Cheddar and dill are well distributed. Roll the doug <END>
INPUT: wine, Calimyrna figs, olive oil, blade end center, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fig and Rosemary Pot Roast | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups dry white wine; 1 8-ounce package dried Calimyrna figs, stemmed, halved lengthwise; 1 tablespoon olive oil; 1 6-rib blade-end or center-cut pork loin roast, chine bone removed, ribs cracked; 1 medium onion, chopped; 1 medium carrot, peeled, chopped; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh rosemary; 2 garlic cloves, chopped; 1 14-ounce can low-salt chicken broth; 1 tablespoon butter, room temperature; 1 tablespoon all purpose flour; 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 300°F. Bring wine and figs to boil in small saucepan. Remove from heat and let stand until figs soften, about 15 minutes. Drain figs, reserving wine and figs separately. Meanwhile, heat oil in heavy large ovenproof pot over medium-high heat. Sprinkle pork with salt and pepper. Add pork to pot and cook until browned on all sides, about 8 minutes total. Transfer pork to platter. Add onion and carrot to same pot. Cover and reduce heat to medium-low. Cook until onion is golden brown, stirring occasionally, about 8 minutes. Stir in rosemary and garlic; sauté 1 minute. Add broth and  <END>
INPUT: gazpacho, mint, English cucumbers, watermelon, plain Greek yogurt, sweet onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cucumber Gazpacho with Watermelon and Mint | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 bunch mint, chopped (about 1 1/2 cups); 4 large English cucumbers, peeled and chopped; 2 1/3 cups seeded and diced watermelon; 1 cup plain Greek yogurt; 1/2 small sweet onion, thinly sliced; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro; 3 tablespoons lemon juice; 1 teaspoon grated fresh ginger; 1/2 teaspoon cayenne pepper; Kosher salt; 1/3 cup crumbled feta; 1/2 cup pepitas, toasted; Chili-infused oil, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Reserve 2 tablespoons of the mint. Place the remaining mint in a large bowl along with the cucumbers, 2 cups watermelon, yogurt, onion, cilantro, lemon juice, ginger, cayenne pepper and 2 teaspoon salt. In small batches, puree in a food processor until smooth. Place in a pitcher or large bowl and refrigerate for 2 hours. Taste the gazpacho before serving and season with additional salt if needed. Divide the soup among 6 chilled bowls and top with the feta, toasted pepitas, remaining watermelon, reserved mint and a drizzle of chili infused oil. <END>
INPUT: crostini, olive oil, garlic, kosher salt, pepper, from French baguette
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Garlic Crostini | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup olive oil; 2 cloves garlic, crushed, or to taste; 1 teaspoon kosher salt; 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 15 1/3-inch slices cut from a French baguette; Italian parsley, minced, for decoration | INSTRUCTIONS: Mix the olive oil, garlic, salt, and pepper together in a small bowl and brush lightly on both sides of the bread slices. Grill for 15 to 20 seconds on each side, until nicely marked, then remove with tongs and set aside. For broiling, position the rack so the slices are 2 inches from the flame and turn when the crostini starts to blacken at the edges. Mix the olive oil, garlic, salt, and pepper together in a small bowl and brush lightly on both sides of the bread slices. Grill for 15 to 20 seconds on each side, until nicely marked, then remove with tongs and set aside. For broiling, position  <END>
INPUT: slaw, plain yogurt, sour cream, honey, cabbage, Granny Smith apple
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cabbage and Apple Slaw | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup plain yogurt; 1/4 cup sour cream; 2 teaspoons honey; 2 cups coarsely shredded red cabbage; 1 Granny Smith apple, peeled and chopped fine; 3 tablespoons minced onion; 1/4 cup minced fresh parsley leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: In a bowl stir together the yogurt, the sour cream, and the honey, add the cabbage, the apple, the onion, the parsley, and salt and pepper to taste, and stir the salad until it is combined well. In a bowl stir together the yogurt, the sour cream, and the honey, add the cabbage, the apple, the onion, the parsley, and salt and pepper to taste, and stir the salad until it is combined well. <END>
INPUT: twice, sweet potatoes, buttermilk, milk, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Twice-Baked Sweet Potatoes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 medium sweet potatoes (about 2 pounds), scrubbed and halved lengthwise; 1/3 cup buttermilk; 1/3 cup milk, or as needed; 4 tablespoons (1/2 stick) butter; 1/4 teaspoon salt; Freshly ground black pepper; 1/2 cup miniature marshmallows for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Adjust oven rack to lowest position and heat oven to 400°F. Place potatoes cut side down on a foil- or parchment-lined baking sheet. Bake until fork-tender, about 30 minutes. Let cool slightly. Holding a potato half with a pot holder, scoop potato flesh into a blender or food processor, leaving a 1/4-inch shell. Repeat with remaining potatoes; set shells aside. With motor running, gradually add both milks to potatoes. Add butter, then process, adding a little more milk if necessary, until potatoes are silky smooth. Add salt and pepper to taste. Spoon puree back into potato shells. Sprinkle mar <END>
INPUT: buckeyes, creamy peanut butter, butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Peanut Butter Buckeyes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 (2-pound) bag confectioners' sugar; 3 cups creamy peanut butter; 3/4 cup butter, softened; 1 (7-ounce) tub dipping chocolate, melted according to package directions | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. Line a large tray or baking sheet with wax paper. In a large bowl, combine the confectioners' sugar, peanut butter, and butter, stirring until well blended. Shape into one-inch balls. 2. With a toothpick, dip each ball into the dipping chocolate until almost covered, leaving some of the peanut butter mixture exposed on top. Place the balls on the tray and refrigerate until firm, about two hours. 1. Line a large tray or baking sheet with wax paper. In a large bowl, combine the confectioners' sugar, peanut butter, and butter, stirring until well blended. Shape into one-inch balls. 2. With a t <END>
INPUT: pancake, vinaigrette, Dijon mustard, wine vinegar, shallot, canola oil, olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Crispy Potato Pancake with Smoked Salmon and Dill-Caper Vinaigrette | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard; 2 tablespoons white wine vinegar; 1 teaspoon finely minced shallot; 1/2 cup canola oil; 1/4 cup olive oil; 1 tablespoon capers, finely minced; 1 tablespoon finely minced dill; Freshly cracked black pepper; 1/4 small Spanish onion; 2 russet potatoes (about 1 pound); Kosher salt; 3 tablespoons Clarified Butter, recipe follows; 16 slices smoked salmon; 1/2 cup creme fraiche, lightly whipped; 1/4 cup dill fronds | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Special equipment: Cheesecloth or gauze Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. In a small mixing bowl, combine the mustard, vinegar and shallots. Whisk in the canola and olive oils to emulsify the dressing, and then fold in the capers and dill. Season with pepper only, as the capers are salty. On the large-hole side of a box grater, grate the onion into a strainer set over a bowl. Then, peel the potatoes. It is important to work quickly to avoid potato oxidation. You do not want to store the potatoes in water, as the starch will be washed away. Using the large-hole s <END>
INPUT: pancakes, eggs, butter, milk, all purpose flour, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Poi Pancakes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 whole eggs; 1/4 cup butter, melted; 1 cup milk; 1 1/4 cup all-purpose flour, sifted; 1 tablespoon sugar; 4 teaspoons baking powder; 3/4 teaspoon salt; 1/4 cup poi, frozen and crumbled; Coconut syrup (recommended, "Hawaii's Own Coconut Syrup") | INSTRUCTIONS: Beat eggs in a bowl and set aside. Melt butter in a saucepan with the milk. Let cool slightly before adding to egg mixture. In a separate mixing bowl, sift all the dry ingredients together. Add the eggs to this mixture, just to moisten. Do not over mix. Crumble the defrosted poi into the mix, to taste. The poi gets soft as the batter cooks, so too much will result in a "gooey" pancake. Make sure to add the poi just before you pour the pancakes. This will result in little "pudding pockets" in the cake. Heat the griddle, then spoon mixture onto griddle, and cook until bubbles form around the edg <END>
INPUT: Mexican, injected, salsa, watermelon, Granny Smith apple, onion, garlic, jalapenos
OUTPUT: TITLE: Watermelon-Injected Grilled Pork Tenderloin with Watermelon Salsa | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups watermelon, seeded and finely diced; 1 finely diced Granny Smith apple; 1 red onion, julienned; 2 cloves garlic, minced; 2 jalapenos, seeded and finely diced; 1 bunch fresh cilantro, stemmed; 2 tablespoons sugar; 2 limes, squeezed; Dash rice wine vinegar; Freshly ground sea salt and black pepper; 2 pounds pork tenderloin; 3 cups watermelon, seeded and diced; 3 jalapenos, seeded and diced; 1 tablespoon salt; 2 cups sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: sterilized syringe injector For the salsa: Combine all ingredients in medium mixing bowl and chill until ready to serve. For the tenderloin: Use a sharp knife to trim tenderloin of any fat by removing as much of the silver skin as possible. Combine watermelon and jalapenos in a blender and puree, about 2 to 3 minutes. Strain mixture through fine sieve and return to blender. Add the salt, sugar and melon liqueur (if using) to blender and blend together, about 2 to 3 minutes. Reserve 1 cup of marinade for basting. Draw remaining marinade with syringe injector. Inject pork libe <END>
INPUT: Italian, tomatoes, virgin olive oil, cayenne pepper, luganega sweet Italian, herbes de Provence
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sausage-and-Basil-Stuffed Tomatoes | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 8 medium tomatoes, preferably with stems intact; 4 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; Pinch of cayenne pepper; 3/4 pound luganega or sweet Italian sausage, casings removed; 1 teaspoon herbes de Provence; 1 small green bell pepper, diced; 1/2 large onion, diced; 1 stalk celery, diced, plus a handful of celery leaves; 1 small clove garlic, minced; 2 cups bread cubes (from about 1/2 baguette); 1 cup fresh basil; 1/2 cup walnut pieces; 1/3 cup grated parmesan cheese | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Using a serrated knife, slice off the top quarter of each tomato and reserve the tops. Scoop out the pulp from inside each tomato and transfer it to a food processor. Add 2 tablespoons olive oil and the cayenne to the food processor and process until smooth; pour into a 9-by-13-inch baking dish. Heat the remaining 2 tablespoons olive oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Add the sausage, herbes de Provence, bell pepper, onion, diced celery and garlic. Cook, stirring, until the sausage browns, about 5 minutes. Transfer the sausage mixture and bread cub <END>
INPUT: cranberry, biscotti, all purpose flour, sugar, unsweetened cocoa powder, baking soda, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate, Almond, and Dried Cranberry Biscotti | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cups all purpose flour; 3/4 cup sugar; 1/2 cup unsweetened cocoa powder; 2 teaspoons baking soda; 1/8 teaspoon salt; 3 large eggs; 2 teaspoons vanilla extract; 1/4 cup (1/2 stick) unsalted butter, melted; 1 cup dried cranberries; 1 cup sliced almonds; 8 ounces good-quality white chocolate (such as Lindt or Baker's), finely chopped (optional) | INSTRUCTIONS: Position 1 rack in top third and 1 rack in bottom third of oven; preheat to 350°F. Line 2 baking sheets with parchment paper. Sift first 5 ingredients into large bowl. Whisk eggs and vanilla in medium bowl to blend. Using electric mixer, beat eggs and melted butter into dry ingredients. Stir in cranberries and almonds. Turn dough out onto floured surface. Using floured hands, divide dough into 3 equal pieces. Shape each into 8x2x3/4-inch log. Place 2 logs on 1 baking sheet, spacing evenly, and 1 log on second sheet. Bake logs 12 minutes. Reverse position of baking sheets. Bake logs until firm  <END>
INPUT: French, strudels, tarragon, granulated sugar, rhubarb, cream cheese, confectioners' sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Rhubarb-Tarragon Strudels | CUISINE: French | INGREDIENTS: 2 sprigs tarragon; 1/2 cup granulated sugar; 1 pound rhubarb, cut into 1/2-inch pieces; 6 ounces cream cheese; 2/3 cup confectioners' sugar, plus more for topping; 2 tablespoons all-purpose flour; 1 vanilla bean, split lengthwise and seeds scraped; 7 sheets frozen phyllo dough, thawed; 1 1/4 sticks (10 tablespoons) unsalted butter, clarified (see box below); 2 tablespoons chopped fresh tarragon; 1 tablespoon granulated sugar, plus more for topping | INSTRUCTIONS: Make the compote: Combine the tarragon sprigs, granulated sugar and 1 3/4 cups water in a medium saucepan; bring to a boil and stir until the sugar dissolves. Add the rhubarb, reduce the heat to low and cook until softened but not falling apart, about 3 minutes. Strain the rhubarb over a bowl, reserving the liquid (keep the rhubarb in the strainer to drain completely while assembling the strudel). Make the strudels: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Pulse the cream cheese, confectioners' sugar, flour and vanilla seeds in a food processor until just combined. Lay out 1 phyllo sheet on a clean  <END>
INPUT: puree, chick peas, butter, garlic, half half evaporated, orange rind
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chick Pea and Garlic Puree | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 16-ounce can chick peas, drained; 2 tablespoons butter; 1 teaspoon minced garlic; 1/4 cup half and half or evaporated low fat milk; 1 teaspoon grated orange rind; Salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Puree chick peas in a food mill or food processor. Melt butter in a small skillet. Add garlic and simmer over low heat until garlic emits a lovely aroma. Add this to the chick pea puree along with half and half and orange rind. Season to taste with salt and pepper and reheat in a double boiler, or over direct heat, stirring constantly. <END>
INPUT: American, sandwiches, canola oil, Belgian endive, sugar, Belgian beer, orange juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Ham and Chimay Cheese Sandwiches with Caramelized Belgian Endive | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons canola oil; 4 heads of Belgian endive, root ends trimmed and discarded, leaves separated; 1 tablespoon sugar; 1/2 cup Belgian white beer (such as Hoegaarden); 1/4 cup orange juice; 8 5 x 3 x 1/2-inch slices country-style bread; Butter; 8 thin slices country ham or prosciutto (about 8 ounces total); 8 ounces Belgian Chimay; "À La Bière" cheese or German Temptin cheese, thinly sliced; 8 sour pickle spears; Whole grain brown mustard or whole grain Dijon mustard | INSTRUCTIONS: For endive: Heat oil in large nonstick skillet over medium-high heat until very hot. Add endive leaves and sauté until almost translucent and beginning to wilt, 1 to 2 minutes. Sprinkle sugar over and sauté until endive leaves begin to brown and edges are deep golden brown, stirring often, 2 to 3 minutes. Add beer and orange juice and boil until liquid is reduced to thick glaze and coats endive leaves, 3 to 4 minutes. Season to taste with salt and freshly ground black pepper. Let cool to room temperature. Heat oil in large nonstick skillet over medium-high heat until very hot. Add endive leave <END>
INPUT: gremolata, olive oil, onion, garlic, garbanzo beans
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Chicken with Garbanzo Ragoût and Gremolata | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1 medium onion (about 8 ounces), chopped; 3 garlic cloves, thinly sliced; 2 cups (or more) low-salt chicken broth; 1 15-ounce can garbanzo beans, rinsed, drained; 2 tomatoes, seeded, chopped (about 1 1/2 cups); 2 tablespoons Creole mustard; 2 2x3-inch pieces beef jerky; 2 fresh thyme sprigs; 3 tablespoons minced fresh parsley; 1 1/2 tablespoons minced fresh rosemary; 1 tablespoon grated orange peel; 2 teaspoons grated lemon peel; Pinch of salt; Pinch of ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: For ragout: Heat oil in heavy medium saucepan over medium-high heat. Add onion and garlic and sauté until beginning to brown, about 8 minutes. Add 2 cups broth and remaining ingredients. Bring to boil; reduce heat to medium and simmer until thickened and flavors develop, adding more broth by tablespoonfuls if too dry, about 25 minutes. Remove jerky. (Can be made 1 day ahead. Cover and refrigerate.) Heat oil in heavy medium saucepan over medium-high heat. Add onion and garlic and sauté until beginning to brown, about 8 minutes. Add 2 cups broth and remaining ingredients. Bring to boil; reduce h <END>
INPUT: Italian, broccoli, carrots tops, garlic, olive oil, sesame seeds
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Broccoli and Carrots with Carrot Top Pesto | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 head broccoli, cut into florets; 1 bunch carrots with tops (about 6), peeled and cut into 1 inch chunks, tops reserved for the pesto; 3 cloves garlic, chopped; 3 tablespoons olive oil; 2 tablespoons sesame seeds; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; Carrot Top Pesto, recipe follows; 1 1/4 cups carrot tops (from about 1 bunch of carrots); 3/4 cup fresh parsley leaves; 1/4 cup roasted cashews; 1 large clove garlic; 1/2 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 1/4 cup grated Parmesan; Kosher salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. In a large bowl, toss the broccoli, carrots and garlic with the olive oil, sesame seeds and some salt and pepper until fully combined. Transfer to an ungreased baking sheet. Roast until lightly brown and just tender, about 25 minutes. Drizzle with the Carrot Top Pesto. Place the leaves and stems from the carrot tops in a food processor with the parsley leaves, roasted cashews and garlic. Puree and then slowly drizzle in the extra-virgin olive oil while the machine is running. Add the grated Parmesan and kosher salt to taste. Puree until combined. <END>
INPUT: wedges, sweet potatoes, Olive oil, rosemary leaves, thyme leaves, chives
OUTPUT: TITLE: Garlic Rosemary Sweet Potato Wedges | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 large sweet potatoes; Olive oil; 1 tablespoon fresh rosemary leaves; 1 tablespoon fresh thyme leaves; 1 tablespoon fresh chives; 1 tablespoon coarse kosher salt; 1 tablespoon garlic powder; Freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Garlic Herbed Sweet Potatoes Peel and cut sweet potatoes into wedges. Place in aluminum foil, sprinkle with olive oil and wrap tightly. Place potatoes on grill to cook about 20 minutes. Remove from the grill and set aside. Combine the herbs, salt, garlic powder, and pepper in a small bowl. Toss with potatoes and place the wedges directly on the grill. Remove when grill marks appear on all sides and potatoes are tender. <END>
INPUT: raspberry, unsweetened raspberries, sugar, imported crème de, egg yolks, milk
OUTPUT: TITLE: Raspberry-Cassis Ice Cream | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 12-ounce bag frozen unsweetened raspberries, thawed; 2 tablespoons plus 1 cup sugar; 2 1/2 tablespoons imported crème de cassis (black-currant liqueur); 6 large egg yolks; 2 cups whole milk; 2 cups heavy whipping cream; 1 tablespoon vanilla extract | INSTRUCTIONS: Puree raspberries, 2 tablespoons sugar, and crème de cassis in processor. Let stand 15 minutes. Strain puree into bowl, pressing on seeds to extract as much fruit as possible; discard seeds. Whisk yolks and remaining 1 cup sugar in medium bowl to blend. Bring milk and cream to simmer in heavy medium saucepan. Gradually whisk hot cream mixture into yolk mixture; return custard to pan. Stir over medium heat until custard thickens enough to leave path on back of spoon when finger is drawn across, about 6 minutes (do not boil). Immediately pour custard into large bowl; mix in vanilla. Place bowl o <END>
INPUT: American, Pace® Picante Sauce, barbecue sauce
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Picante BBQ Chicken | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 cup Pace® Picante Sauce; 1/4 cup barbecue sauce; 6 skinless, boneless chicken breast halves (about 1 1/2 pounds) | INSTRUCTIONS: Stir the picante sauce and barbecue sauce in a small bowl. Reserve half the picante sauce mixture to serve with the chicken. Use the remaining mixture to baste the chicken during grilling. Lightly oil the grill rack and heat the grill to medium. Grill the chicken for 15 minutes or until it's cooked through, turning and brushing often with the remaining picante sauce mixture. Discard the remaining picante sauce mixture. Serve the chicken with the reserved picante sauce mixture. Tip: This simple basting sauce also makes a zesty dipping sauce for chicken wings or nuggets. <END>
INPUT: American, soup, butter, leeks, potatoes, water, Salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Potato Cheese Soup | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons butter; 3 cups leeks, sliced; 4 cups potatoes, peeled and diced; 8 cups water; Salt and pepper; 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard; 1 cup grated Cheddar cheese; 1/2 cup heavy cream | INSTRUCTIONS: In large pot melt butter. Add leeks and cook over medium heat, stirring occasionally. Add potatoes and season with salt and pepper. Add water and bring to a simmer. Cook until vegetables are tender. Place 3/4 of soup into a blender and puree, return to pot and bring to simmer. Add mustard and cheese. Stir until smooth. Add cream and bring to simmer. Pour into bowl and serve. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, green, chili, sweet potatoes, low sodium chicken, cumin
OUTPUT: TITLE: Slow-Cooker Green Chicken Chili | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 3 pounds boneless, skinless chicken thighs; 2 large sweet potatoes, unpeeled, cut into 1" cubes (about 2 pounds); 1 (16-ounce) jar tomatillo salsa (salsa verde) (about 2 cups); 2 cups low-sodium chicken broth; 2 teaspoons ground cumin; 2 teaspoons (or more) kosher salt; 1 teaspoon (or more) freshly ground black pepper; 2 cans low-sodium pinto beans, drained, rinsed; Sliced avocado, cilantro leaves, sour cream, and/or finely chopped onion (for serving; optional); A 6-quart (or larger) slow cooker | INSTRUCTIONS: Mix chicken, potatoes, salsa, broth, cumin, salt, and pepper in slow cooker. Cover and cook until chicken shreds easily with a fork and sweet potatoes are tender, about 4 hours on high or 6 hours on low. Add beans during last 30 minutes of cooking. Shred chicken in slow cooker with 2 forks. Taste and season with salt and pepper, if needed. Serve topped with avocado, cilantro, sour cream, and/or onion, if using. Mix chicken, potatoes, salsa, broth, cumin, salt, and pepper in slow cooker. Cover and cook until chicken shreds easily with a fork and sweet potatoes are tender, about 4 hours on high  <END>
INPUT: tini, ice, vodka, pineapple juice, melon liqueur, melon balls
OUTPUT: TITLE: Melon-tini | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup ice; 2 ounces vodka; 2 ounces pineapple juice; 1/2-ounce melon liqueur; Frozen melon balls, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: In a cocktail shaker filled with ice, add the vodka and pineapple juice. Shake. Strain into a martini glass. Slowly pour the melon liqueur into the glass. It will sink to the bottom. Garnish with frozen melon balls skewered on stir-sticks and serve immediately. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, ornaments, sugar, cinnamon, Oil, flour tortillas
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tortilla Ornaments | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup sugar; 1 1/2 tablespoons cinnamon; Oil, for frying tortillas; 6 flour tortillas | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Special equipment: cookie cutters or kitchen shears, a drinking straw and thin ribbon or butcher's twine Line a baking sheet with paper towels or fit with a cooling rack. In a pie dish, mix together the sugar and cinnamon. Add enough oil to a shallow heavy-bottomed pot to come 1 inch up the sides. Heat over medium to low heat until a deep-fry thermometer inserted in the oil registers 360 degrees F. Use large cookie cutters or kitchen shears to make desired shapes and designs with the flour tortillas. Use a straw to make a hole on top of each for hanging. Fry each <END>
INPUT: posole, water, chicken breast halves, hominy, stewed tomatoes, oregano
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken Posole | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 5 cups water; 4 chicken breast halves; 2 15- to 16-ounce cans white hominy, drained; 2 14 1/2-ounce cans stewed tomatoes; 4 teaspoons dried oregano; 1 jalapeño chili, seeded, minced; Dash of hot pepper sauce; 1 1/2 cups shredded lettuce; 3/4 cup sliced radishes; 3/4 cup sliced green onions; 1 1/2 cups grated Monterey Jack cheese | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring 5 cups water to boil in large saucepan. Add chicken; cover and simmer until cooked through, about 13 minutes. Using tongs, transfer chicken to platter; reserve cooking liquid in saucepan. Cool chicken slightly. Remove chicken from bones; discard skin and bones. Shred chicken. Set aside. Add hominy, stewed tomatoes, oregano, jalapeño and hot pepper sauce to reserved cooking liquid. Bring to boil. Reduce heat; simmer until slightly thickened, stirring often, about 1 hour. Stir in shredded chicken. Season with salt, pepper and additional hot pepper sauce, if desired. (Can be prepared 1 day  <END>
INPUT: Italian, pesto, Kosher salt, spinach cheese tortellini, baby kale, virgin olive oil, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Baked Tortellini with Kale Pesto | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: Kosher salt; 1 12- to 14-ounce package spinach and cheese tortellini; 7 cups baby kale (about 8 ounces); 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 1 clove garlic; 1/4 cup plus 2 tablespoons grated parmesan cheese; Freshly ground pepper; 1 cup heavy cream; 1/4 cup sliced sun-dried tomatoes (not oil-packed); 3/4 cup shredded part-skim mozzarella cheese (about 3 ounces); 1/4 cup panko breadcrumbs; 2 tablespoons pine nuts, roughly chopped; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add the tortellini and cook as the label directs. Reserve ¼ cup cooking water, then drain. Reserve the pot. Meanwhile, puree 4 cups kale, the olive oil and garlic in a blender or food processor until almost smooth. Add ¼ cup parmesan and season with salt and pepper. Pulse until smooth, adding up to 1/4 cup tap water if needed. Transfer the pesto to the reserved pot along with the heavy cream; stir to combine. Bring to a boil over medium heat, then reduce the heat to medium low; stir in the tortellini, sun-dried tom <END>
INPUT: pudding, dark raisins, dark rum, loaf challah bread, milk
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate Challah Bread Pudding | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2/3 cup dark raisins; 3 tablespoons dark rum; 4 ounces (1 stick) unsalted butter; 1 loaf challah bread; 1 1/2 cups milk; 1 1/2 cups heavy cream; 3/4 cup sugar; 1 vanilla bean, halved; 16 ounces bittersweet chocolate; 8 large eggs | INSTRUCTIONS: The day before you want to serve this dessert, if possible, put raisins in a small saucepan, cover with water, and bring to a boil. Remove from heat and drain. Place plumped raisins in a plastic container with a tight-fitting cover and sprinkle with the rum. Cover and let macerate overnight. Preheat oven to 325 degrees. Melt the butter and cool slightly. Cut the challah in half, and cut one of the halves into thin slices. Cut remaining bread into cubes. Put diced challah in the bottom of the baking dish. Strew with the raisins and rum and half the butter. Dip one side of each slice of challah  <END>
INPUT: American, canapes, peppers, golden raisins, sherry wine, roasted pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Goat Cheese Canapes with Sweet Peppers | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 heaping tablespoon golden raisins; 1 tablespoon dry sherry wine; 1 roasted red pepper, peeled, seeded, and cut into 1/8-inch by 1/2-inch matchsticks; 1 roasted green pepper, peeled, seeded, and cut into 1/8-inch by 1/2-inch matchsticks; 1 roasted yellow pepper, peeled, seeded, and cut into 1/8-inch by 1/2-inch matchsticks; 1 tomato, peeled, seeded and julienned; 1/2 red onion, julienned; 3 tablespoons black olives, cut in strips; 3 tablespoons chopped cilantro leaves; 1 jalapeno, seeded and minced; 1 garlic clove, minced; 1/3 cup balsamic vinaigrette, recipe follows; 8 ounces soft fresh goat cheese or sour cream; 1/2 cup clabbered cream or sour cream; 30 (1 1/2-inch) whole wheat bread rounds, buttered and toasted | INSTRUCTIONS: To make the sweet peppers: Plump the raisins in the sherry. Combine the raisins, peppers, tomato, onion, olives, chopped cilantro, jalapeno, and garlic. Add the vinaigrette and toss to combine. Let the salad rest at room temperature for 30 to 45 minutes before serving. To make the Canapes: Blend the goat cheese and the clabbered cream until smooth and transfer to a pastry bag fitted with a round tip. To assemble the canapes, pipe the goat cheese mixture in a ring around the whole wheat bread rounds. Mound about 1 tablespoon of the pepper salad in the center and top with a cilantro leaf. Serve. <END>
INPUT: potted, gremolata, beef chuck other, Kosher salt coarse, All purpose flour, olive vegetable oil, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Potted Beef and Celery Root with Celery Gremolata | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 pounds beef chuck or other stew meat, cut into 2-inch cubes; Kosher salt and coarse black pepper; All-purpose flour, for dredging; 1/4 cup olive or vegetable oil; 4 cloves garlic, crushed; 2 medium celery roots, peeled and cubed; 2 medium onions, chopped; 3 tablespoons tomato paste; 2 cups beef stock; 1 1/2 cups dry red wine; 1/4 cup Worcestershire sauce; Herb bundle (fresh sage, bay and parsley), tied with kitchen string; 1 cup fresh flat-leaf parsley leaves, chopped; 4 ribs organic celery with leafy tops, chopped; 2 anchovy fillets, finely chopped, optional | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Pat the meat dry and sprinkle with salt and pepper, then dredge in flour. In batches, brown the meat in the oil over medium-high heat in a large Dutch oven. Set the beef aside. Add the garlic, celery root and onions to the beef drippings and season with salt and pepper. Cook until softened, 5 to 7 minutes. Add the tomato paste and stir 1 minute, then add the stock, wine, Worcestershire, beef and herb bundle. Cover and cook in the oven until tender, up to 2 hours. Cool and store for a make-ahead meal. Reheat in a 325 degree F ove <END>
INPUT: spring, low salt chicken, peas, romaine lettuce, mint
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spring Peas with Lettuce and Mint | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup canned low-salt chicken broth; 1 10-ounce package frozen peas; 1 cup thinly sliced romaine lettuce; 3 tablespoons chopped fresh mint | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring broth to boil in medium saucepan. Add peas and simmer until heated through, about 4 minutes. Stir in lettuce and mint. Season to taste with salt. Bring broth to boil in medium saucepan. Add peas and simmer until heated through, about 4 minutes. Stir in lettuce and mint. Season to taste with salt. <END>
INPUT: muffins, orange flesh sweet, eggs, milk, unsulfured, butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sweet Potato and Molasses Muffins | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: t1 large orange-flesh sweet potato (about 1 1/4 pounds), baked until tender, peeled; 2 eggs, beaten to blend; 1/2 cup milk; 1/2 cup unsulfured (light) molasses; 3 tablespoons butter, melted; 1 1/4 cups all purpose flour; 1/2 cup whole wheat flour; 2 teaspoons baking powder; 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 3/4 teaspoon salt; 1/2 teaspoon ground ginger | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 400°F. Line 12 large muffin cups with foil muffin papers. Puree potato in processor. Measure 1 cup puree and transfer to bowl. Mix in eggs, then milk, molasses and butter. Add all remaining ingredients and stir until just mixed. Divide batter among muffin cups. Bake until springy to touch and tester inserted into center comes out with just a few moist crumbs, about 25 minutes. Transfer to rack. Serve warm or at room temperature. Preheat oven to 400°F. Line 12 large muffin cups with foil muffin papers. Puree potato in processor. Measure 1 cup puree and transfer to bowl. Mix in e <END>
INPUT: Indian, chilled, soup, Granny Smith apples, boiling potato, onion, celery, carrot
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chilled Apple Curry Soup with Beet Relish | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 2 Granny Smith apples; 1 medium boiling potato; 1 medium onion; 1 celery rib; 1 carrot; 4 garlic cloves; 1-inch piece fresh gingerroot; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh coriander leaves; 1 1/2 tablespoons curry powder, preferably West Indian; 2 tablespoons vegetable oil; 10 cups vegetable or chicken stock; 1 cup heavy cream; Beet relish, recipe follows; 1 medium beet; 1 Granny Smith apple | INSTRUCTIONS: Peel, quarter, and core apples. Cut quarters crosswise into 1/4-inch thick slices. Peel potato. Cut potato, onion, celery, and carrot into 1/2-inch cubes. Coarsely chop garlic. Peel gingerroot and coarsely chop. In a 6 quart heavy kettle saute apples, potato, onion, celery, carrot, garlic, and gingerroot with coriander and curry powder in oil over moderately high heat, stirring frequently, until onion is softened, about 5 minutes. Add stock and simmer, stirring occasionally, until vegetables are tender, about 30 minutes. Cool soup 20 minutes. In a blender puree soup in batches (use caution whe <END>
INPUT: cookies, sugar, dark rum, vanilla extract, unsweetened coconut
OUTPUT: TITLE: Coconut Butter Cookies | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup (2 sticks) butter, room temperature; 1/2 cup sugar; 1/2 teaspoon dark rum; 1/4 teaspoon vanilla extract; 3/4 cup unsweetened coconut, toasted; Scant 2 cups flour; 1/4 teaspoon salt | INSTRUCTIONS: In a mixer with a paddle attachment, whip the butter until very light and fluffy. Add the sugar and continue whipping, then add the rum and vanilla and mix. Toss together the coconut, flour and salt then add to the butter mixture and mix until blended. Butter a small sheet pan (9 by 12-inch), and line it with plastic all the way up the sides. Spread the dough evenly into the pan, cover it with plastic and freeze. Cut frozen dough into 2-inch strips and roll in flour. Wrap and freeze or cut into1/8-inch bars and place on parchment or silpat-lined sheet pan. Bake in a conventional oven at 250 de <END>
INPUT: asian, cake, fine quality unsweetened, fine quality bittersweet, water, sugar, Chinese five spice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Asian Five-Spice Chocolate Cake | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 7 ounces fine-quality unsweetened chocolate, finely chopped; 6 ounces fine-quality bittersweet chocolate, finely chopped; 1/2 cup water; 1 1/4 cups sugar; 4 teaspoons Chinese five-spice powder; 2 1/4 sticks unsalted butter, cut into pieces and softened; 6 large eggs; Accompaniment: ginger cream | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350°F. Butter a 10- by 2-inch round cake pan. Line bottom with a round of parchment paper and butter the paper. Put chocolates in a large shallow bowl. Bring water, 1/2 cup sugar, and spice to a boil, stirring until sugar is dissolved, then pour through a fine sieve set over chocolates. Stir until smooth, then stir in butter until smooth. Beat eggs with remaining 3/4 cup sugar until increased in volume and pale and beaters leave a distinct trail (4 to 5 minutes in a standing mixer or 15 to 20 with a hand-held). Stir 1/4 of eggs into chocolate to lighten and fold in remainder ge <END>
INPUT: salad, thyme, low sodium vegetable, Kosher salt, wild rice, farro
OUTPUT: TITLE: Wild Rice, Farro, and Tangerine Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 sprigs thyme, divided; 4 cups low-sodium vegetable broth, divided; Kosher salt; 1 cup wild rice; 1 cup farro; 4 tangerines or 2 oranges; 1/4 cup vegetable oil; Freshly ground black pepper; 4 scallions, green parts only, thinly sliced | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring 2 thyme sprigs, 2 cups broth, and 1 cup water to a boil in a medium saucepan. Add a pinch of salt, then rice; reduce heat to medium-low and cover. Cook until liquid is absorbed and rice is tender, 40–45 minutes. Remove thyme and let cool. Drain, if needed. Meanwhile, cook farro in another medium saucepan, using remaining 2 thyme sprigs, 2 cups broth, and 1 1/2 cups water and cooking 35–40 minutes. Using a sharp knife, cut all peel and white pith from tangerines; discard. Working over a large bowl, cut between membranes to release segments, placing segments in a small bowl. Squeeze juice  <END>
INPUT: wild, salad, olive oil, portobello mushrooms, chanterelle mushrooms, garlic, Salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Wild Mushroom and Mizuna Salad with White Truffle Vinaigrette and Sage | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons olive oil; 2 portobello mushrooms, stems removed, cleaned with a brush and cut into 1/4-inch slices; 12 chanterelle mushrooms, cleaned with a soft brush; 2 tablespoons minced garlic; Salt and freshly ground pepper, to taste; 4 cups mizuna greens, rinsed well and dried; White Truffle Vinaigrette, recipe follows; 1/4 cup sage leaves, cut into chiffonade; 2 tablespoons chopped shallots; 1/4 cup balsamic vinegar; 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard; 3/4 cup extra virgin olive oil; 1 tablespoon white truffle oil; Salt, to taste; Pepper, to taste | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat oil in large pan over high heat until almost smoking. Add mushrooms and cook until golden brown. Add garlic and cook 1 minute. Divide mizuna and mushrooms among 4 plates. Drizzle with the White Truffle Vinaigrette and sprinkle with sage. Place shallots, vinegar and mustard in a blender and blend until smooth. With the motor running add olive oil and blend until emulsified. Add truffle oil, salt and pepper and blend for 2 seconds more. <END>
INPUT: cocktail, cucumber vodka, tonic water, cucumber juice, lime juice, simple syrup
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cucumber Cocktail | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup cucumber vodka; 1 cup tonic water; 1/2 cup cucumber juice; 1/4 cup fresh lime juice; 1/4 cup simple syrup (equal amounts sugar and water heated until sugar dissolves; cool); Handful fresh mint leaves; Ice cubes, for serving | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Divide the ingredients in half, add each half to a cocktail shaker and shake to combine. Pour over rocks glasses filled with ice and serve. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, larry, fire, orange juice, lime juice, lemon juice, ancho chile powder, pasilla pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Larry's Fire Roasted Chicken Skewers with Tangerine-Cascabel Glaze with Tangerine-Pomegranate Relish | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup fresh orange juice; 1/4 cup fresh lime juice; 1/4 tablespoons lemon juice; 2 tablespoons ancho chile powder; 1 tablespoon pasilla pepper; 2 tablespoons paprika; 1/4 teaspoon cayenne; 3 tablespoons coarsely chopped fresh cilantro; 1/4 cup olive oil; 8 boneless, skinless chicken thighs, cut in half lengthwise; 32 bamboo skewers, soaked in water for 2 hours; Finely chopped fresh chives; 16 flour tortillas; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 2 shallots, finely diced | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. For the Marinade: Mix together the juices, chile powders, paprika, cayenne, cilantro and oil. Add the chicken thighs and let marinate for 2 hours in the refrigerator. Preheat grill pan. Remove chicken from marinade and thread each chicken half onto 2 skewers so that the meat stays flat on the grill. Season with salt and pepper and grill for 4 minutes on each side or until cooked through. Remove chicken from the grill pan and brush liberally with the tangerine glaze, serve on a platter, serve with the relish and garnish with chives. Serve with flour tortillas. For <END>
INPUT: spread, apricots, wine, water, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Apricot Spread | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 pound dried apricots, preferably California (1 1/2 cups); 3/4 cup dry white wine; 1/2 cup water; 1/4 cup sugar; 2 (3-inch) strips lemon zest; 1 1/2 teaspoons dark rum | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring apricots, wine, water, sugar, zest, and a pinch of salt to a boil in a small heavy saucepan over medium-high heat, stirring until sugar has dissolved. Reduce heat and simmer, partially covered, stirring occasionally, until liquid is reduced and very syrupy and apricots are very soft, about 15 minutes if using California (about 45 minutes if using Turkish). (If apricots are not yet softened, pour in an additional 1/4 cup water and continue cooking.) Remove from heat. Discard zest, then stir in rum. Transfer apricot mixture to a bowl and cool slightly, stirring occasionally, about 45 minut <END>
INPUT: cocktail, Pear vodka, honeydew melon, pears, ginger
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pear and Melon Cocktail | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1-1/2 oz. of Pear vodka; 1/2 honeydew melon, quartered; 2 pears, quartered; 2 thin slices of fresh ginger | INSTRUCTIONS: Remove the seeds and skin from the honeydew. Blend the honeydew, pears and ginger until liquefied. Pour the Pear vodka into a tall chilled glass and add the melon-pear-ginger concoction. Stir and serve. <END>
INPUT: spiced, honey, olive oil, cinnamon, smoked paprika, Kosher salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Honey Spiced Roasted Chicken | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons honey; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1/2 teaspoon smoked paprika; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; One 4-pound roasting chicken, rinsed, dried and giblets removed; 3 sprigs fresh rosemary; 1 lemon, sliced | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F and adjust the racks to the center of the oven. Fit a roasting pan with a V-rack. Mix together the honey, olive oil, cinnamon, smoked paprika and some salt and pepper in a small bowl. Sprinkle the cavity of the chicken with salt and pepper. Stuff the cavity with the rosemary sprigs and lemon slices. Place the chicken in the V-rack-fitted roasting pan. Sprinkle the outside of the chicken with salt and pepper. Tie the drumsticks together using butcher's twine. Brush the outside of the chicken with about half of the honey glaze. Transfer the chicken to the hot ov <END>
INPUT: mash, turnips, parsnips, unsalted butter, thyme leaves, Salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Parsnip and Turnip Mash | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 large turnips; 6 large parsnips; 3 tablespoons unsalted butter; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh thyme leaves, from about 4 sprigs; Salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Peel and slice the turnips thinly, Peel and dice the parsnips (cutting the vegetables small and thin will help speed up cooking time). Add the sliced and diced vegetables to a large saucepan and cover them with cold water. Add salt to the water and bring to a boil over medium heat. Boil the vegetables for about 8 to 10 minutes until quite soft. Vegetables are cooked when you can easily insert the tip of a knife. Drain the vegetables and place them back into the saucepan. Add the butter and thyme. With a potato masher, mash all ingredients together. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Serve  <END>
INPUT: thermidor, butter, onion, all purpose flour, wine sherry
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lobster Tails Thermidor | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 (6 to 8-ounce) packaged lobster tails, shell jumbo shrimp or prawns can be substituted; 4 tablespoons butter, divided; 1 small white onion, finely chopped; 2 tablespoons all-purpose flour; Splash dry white wine or dry sherry; 1/2 cup milk, eyeball it; 1/3 cup grated white cheddar; 1/2 teaspoon paprika or crab boil seasoning, recommended: Old Bay; 2 tablespoons Parmesan; 2 tablespoons bread crumbs; Handful parsley leaves mixed with 2 cups baby greens, for plate garnish; Lemon wedges, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring a pot of water to a boil, 3 or 4 inches deep. Add lobster tails to the water and boil 7 to 8 minutes. Drain and shock under cold water to cool. Use kitchen scissors to cut away soft underside of tails. Remove meat and save the shells, arranging them in a shallow casserole dish. Chop the cooked meat on an angle into chunks. Preheat your broiler to high. Heat a medium skillet and a small saucepot over medium heat. To the small saucepot, melt 2 tablespoons butter. Add finely chopped onion and cook 3 to 5 minutes until very soft. To the skillet, add remaining 2 tablespoons butter. When the b <END>
INPUT: rutabagas, carrots, unsalted butter, light sugar, kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Rutabaga and Carrot Purée | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 rutabagas (2 1/2 pounds total), peeled and cut into 1-inch pieces; 5 carrots, cut into 1-inch pieces; 3 tablespoons unsalted butter; 3 tablespoons packed light brown sugar; 1 teaspoon kosher salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook rutabagas and carrots in boiling salted water to cover by 1 inch in a large pot until tender, about 30 minutes. Transfer vegetables with a slotted spoon to a food processor and purée with butter, brown sugar, and salt until very smooth. If necessary, transfer purée back to pot and reheat. Cook rutabagas and carrots in boiling salted water to cover by 1 inch in a large pot until tender, about 30 minutes. Transfer vegetables with a slotted spoon to a food processor and purée with butter, brown sugar, and salt until very smooth. If necessary, transfer purée back to pot and reheat. <END>
INPUT: Italian, risotto, wild, virgin olive oil, sea scallops, Salt pepper, onion, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Risotto with Wild Mushrooms and Scallops | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: Extra-virgin olive oil; 1 1/2 pounds sea scallops, crescent-shaped muscles removed and discarded; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 onion, minced; 2 garlic cloves, minced; 1 pound assorted mushrooms, such as Portobello, crimini, and shiitake, stemmed; Leaves from handful fresh thyme sprigs; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh flat-leaf parsley; 2 bay leaves; 2 cups Arborio rice; 1/2 cup dry white wine, such as Pinot Grigio; 8 cups canned chicken stock, heated; 2 tablespoons butter; 1/2 cup freshly grated Parmigiano-Reggiano; Fresh flat-leaf parsley, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Place a large, deep skillet over medium-high heat and drizzle with a 2-count of oil. When the oil is hot, sprinkle the scallops with salt and pepper and brown well on both sides, about 2 minutes. Remove to a plate and cover to keep warm while you make the risotto. Reduce the heat to medium. Drizzle in another 2-count of olive oil. Add the onion and garlic and cook, stirring, for 5 minutes until soft. Toss in the mushrooms and herbs and cook until the mushrooms lose their liquid and are lightly browned, about 10 minutes. Season with salt and pepper. Add the rice and stir 2 minutes to coat with  <END>
INPUT: reuben, mayonnaise, ketchup, spicy mustard, vinegar, potato chips
OUTPUT: TITLE: Reuben Chips | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup mayonnaise; 1/4 cup ketchup; 2 tablespoons spicy brown mustard; 1 tablespoon white vinegar; 10 cups potato chips; 1 1/2 cups shredded Swiss cheese; 1 cup prepared sauerkraut; 1 cup chopped thickly-sliced corned beef (about 7 slices); 2 cups shredded romaine lettuce | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the broiler element in your oven. Combine the mayonnaise, ketchup, mustard and vinegar in a bowl. Set aside. Place one-third of the potato chips in a baking dish. Layer with one-third of the cheese, sauerkraut and corned beef. Add half of the remaining chips in another layer on top, then evenly layer half of the remaining cheese, sauerkraut and corned beef. Finish with the remaining chips followed by the rest of the cheese, sauerkraut and corned beef. Broil just until the cheese melts. Toss the lettuce with the mayonnaise mixture and top the chips. Serve immediately. <END>
INPUT: rolls, butter, hazelnuts, dark sugar, sugar, cinnamon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Hazelnut Cinnamon Rolls | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons butter, melted; 1/3 cup hazelnuts, toasted and coarsely chopped; 1/4 cup packed dark brown sugar; 2 tablespoons sugar; 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1/8 teaspoon ground cloves; 1 (1-pound) loaf purchased frozen white bread dough, thawed (recommended: Bridgeford); 3/4 cup powdered sugar; 3 tablespoons mascarpone cheese; 1 tablespoon buttermilk | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Brush 1 tablespoon of melted butter over the bottom and sides of an 8 by 8 by 2-inch baking dish. Mix the nuts, brown sugar, sugar, cinnamon, and cloves in a small bowl. Roll out the thawed dough on a lightly floured surface to a 12 by 9-inch rectangle. Brush 1 tablespoon of butter over the dough. Sprinkle the nut mixture over the dough, leaving a 1/2-inch border along the top and bottom sides. Starting at 1 long side, roll up the dough jelly-roll style, forming a log. Pinch the seam to seal. Cut the log into 9 equal pieces. Arrange the rolls, cut side down, in t <END>
INPUT: filling, firmly apricots, walnuts, firmly light sugar, unsalted butter, Granny Smith apples
OUTPUT: TITLE: Baked Apples with Apricot and Walnut Filling | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 cup firmly packed dried apricots, chopped; 3/4 cup chopped walnuts; 3/4 cup firmly packed light brown sugar; 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened; 6 Granny Smith apples; 3/4 cup fresh orange juice; 1/4 cup butter, softened | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F. In a medium bowl, combine the apricots, walnuts, brown sugar, and butter. Core the apples, making each opening large enough to hold 1/6 of the apricot mixture, peel the top third of each apple. Arrange the apples, cavity side up, in a 13 by 9 by 2-inch baking dish, and fill the cavities with the apricot mixture. Sprinkle any remaining filling around the apples, pour the orange juice around them, and dot with butter. Bake apples 15 minutes and baste with juices. Continue to bake, basting regularly, until tender, about 1 hour. Remove from oven and let stand about 1 <END>
INPUT: Mexican, vegetable oil, turkey, onions, garlic, chicken stock
OUTPUT: TITLE: Turkey and Bacon Chili | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon vegetable oil; 4 pounds ground turkey; 2 large onions, chopped; 3 cloves garlic, crushed; 2 cups chicken stock; 1 cup hot sauce, such as Frank's Hot Sauce; 1/2 cup canned chipotles, diced; 1/4 cup tomato paste; 3 tablespoons chili powder; 1 teaspoon ground cumin; 1 pound bacon, cooked and chopped; Salt; 1 ripe avocado, sliced; Tortilla chips, for serving | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat the oil in a large pot over medium heat. Add the turkey and cook until the color changes, about 5 minutes. Next add the onions and cook till translucent. Then add the garlic and cook for another 2 minutes. Next add the stock, hot sauce, chipotles, tomato paste, chili powder and cumin. Cook it on very low heat, covered, for about 40 minutes. Add three-quarters of the bacon, saving one-quarter for garnish, and cook for an additional 20 minutes, uncovered. Add salt if needed. Serve topped with the chopped bacon and sliced avocado with tortilla chips. <END>
INPUT: herb, sauce, top blade beef, salt, pepper, virgin olive oil, oregano
OUTPUT: TITLE: Blade Steaks with Lemon Herb Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 pounds top blade beef chuck steaks (1/2 to 1 inch thick); 3/4 teaspoon salt; 1/2 teaspoon black pepper; 5 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 2 tablespoons coarsely chopped fresh oregano; 2 tablespoons coarsely chopped fresh flat-leaf parsley; 1/4 teaspoon grated fresh lemon zest; 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice; 1 teaspoon chopped garlic (1 clove) | INSTRUCTIONS: Pat steaks dry and cut 3 slits (1 inch long and 1/4 inch deep) 1 inch apart across center cartilage of each steak (to keep from curling), then sprinkle with 1/2 teaspoon salt and 1/4 teaspoon pepper. Heat 1 tablespoon oil in a 12-inch heavy skillet over moderately high heat until hot but not smoking, then cook steaks, turning over once, until meat is just medium-rare, 4 to 7 minutes total. While steaks cook, pulse herbs with zest, lemon juice, garlic, and remaining 1/4 cup oil, 1/4 teaspoon salt, and 1/4 teaspoon pepper in a food processor until finely chopped. Transfer steaks to a platter and <END>
INPUT: cheesecake, eggnog, pumpkin, cream cheese, condensed milk, lemon juice, vanilla extract
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pumpkin Cheesecake with Rum Raisin Eggnog and Huckleberries | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 small pumpkin (about 2 pounds); 16 ounces cream cheese; One 14-ounce can sweetened condensed milk; 1/4 cup fresh lemon juice; 2 teaspoons vanilla extract; 2 teaspoons pumpkin spice; 4 cups milk; 5 whole cloves; 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 2 1/2 teaspoons vanilla extract; 12 large egg yolks; 1 1/2 cups sugar; 4 cups heavy cream; 1/2 teaspoon ground nutmeg; 1 cup dark raisins | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: a piping bag with a large round tip For the cheesecake: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Cut the pumpkin in half, remove the seeds and place cut-side down on a baking sheet lined with parchment paper. Roast until the pulp is soft, about 1 hour. Let cool and scoop out the pulp. Using a stand mixer with the paddle attachment, paddle the cream cheese until soft. Add one cup of the pumpkin pulp and mix together thoroughly. Reserve the remaining pumpkin pulp for another use. Drizzle in the condensed milk, then the lemon, vanilla and spices. Transfer to an airtight container and <END>
INPUT: Asian, slaw, garlic, sugar, soy sauce, grind pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pepper Pork Chops with Honey Apple Ginger Slaw | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 2 cloves garlic, minced; 4 teaspoons sugar; 1/3 cup soy sauce; Freshly ground medium-grind black pepper; 6 (1/3-inch thick) bone-in pork loin chops (about 1 3/4 pounds); Kosher salt; 2 tablespoons vegetable oil; 1 tart red apple; 1 small head Savoy cabbage, quartered, large ribs removed, finely sliced (about 6 cups); Zest and juice of 2 limes; 1 (2-inch) knob fresh ginger, peeled and finely grated; 1 to 2 tablespoons honey; 1 tablespoon toasted sesame seed oil | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. Put the garlic, sugar, soy sauce, and 1 1/2 teaspoons pepper in a large self-sealing plastic bag, seal, and shake. Add the pork chops and rub them, through the bag, to work the spices into the meat. Marinate at room temperature for 20 minutes. 2. Julienne the apple, leaving the skin on. Toss the apples with the cabbage, lime zest and juice, and ginger together in a medium bowl. Drizzle in the honey and sesame oil and toss again. Season with salt and let sit for 10 minutes before serving. 3. Meanwhile, heat 1 tablespoon vegetable oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat until shimmering. <END>
INPUT: galette, all purpose flour, Rounded salt, sugar, unsalted butter, ice water
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pineapple Galette | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cups all-purpose flour; Rounded teaspoon salt; 1 teaspoon sugar; 1 stick cold unsalted butter, cut into 1/2-inch cubes; 3 to 5 tablespoons ice water; 3 tablespoons semolina (sometimes called semolina flour); 1 (4-pound) fresh pineapple (preferably labeled extra-sweet), peeled, quartered, cored, and cut crosswise into 1/4-inch-thick wedges; 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, melted; 3 tablespoons sugar; 1/4 teaspoon cinnamon; 1 tablespoon whole milk; Accompaniment: vanilla ice cream | INSTRUCTIONS: Make pastry dough: Blend together flour, salt, sugar, and butter with your fingertips or a pastry blender (or pulse in a food processor) just until mixture resembles coarse meal with some small (roughly pea-size) butter lumps. Drizzle with 3 tablespoons ice water and gently stir with a fork until incorporated. Squeeze a small handful: If it doesn't hold together, add more ice water, 1/2 tablespoon at a time, stirring (or pulsing) until just incorporated, then test again. (Don't overwork, or pastry will be tough.) Turn out dough onto a lightly floured surface and divide into 4 portions. With he <END>
INPUT: American, bistro, onion, hazelnut, Sherry vinegar, Kosher salt, vegetable oil, hanger steak
OUTPUT: TITLE: Bistro Steak with Buttermilk Onion Rings | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons hazelnut, walnut, or olive oil; 2 tablespoons Sherry vinegar, divided; Kosher salt, freshly ground pepper; 2 tablespoons vegetable oil; 1 1 1/2 pound hanger steak, center membrane removed, cut into 4 equal pieces; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1 medium shallot, finely chopped; 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh thyme; 2 teaspoons black peppercorns, coarsely chopped; 2 teaspoons dry green peppercorns, coarsely chopped; 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard; Vegetable oil (for frying; about 3 1/2 cups); 3/4 cup buttermilk; 2 tablespoons apple cider vinegar; 1 1/2 cups all-purpose flour | INSTRUCTIONS: For vinaigrette, steak, and sauce: Whisk hazelnut oil and 1 tablespoon vinegar in a small bowl; season with salt and pepper. Set vinaigrette aside. Heat vegetable oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Season steak with salt and pepper and cook 6–8 minutes per side for medium-rare. Let rest 10 minutes. While steak rests, cook butter and shallot in same skillet over medium heat, stirring occasionally, until shallot is softened and starting to brown, about 4 minutes. Add thyme and peppercorns. Cook, stirring occasionally, until mixture is fragrant, about 2 minutes. Add remaining 1 tablesp <END>
INPUT: vegetable oil, dark sugar, water, five spice powder, cumin
OUTPUT: TITLE: Five-Spice Pecan | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 teaspoons vegetable oil; 2 tablespoons plus 1 teaspoon dark brown sugar; 4 teaspoons water; 1 1/2 teaspoons five-spice powder; 1/4 teaspoon ground cumin; 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 2 cups pecan halves; 1/4 teaspoon kosher salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat oven to 350°. In a medium saucepan, warm 4 teaspoons vegetable oil over medium-low heat. Add 2 tablespoons plus 1 teaspoon dark brown sugar, 4 teaspoons water, 1 1/2 teaspoons five-spice powder, 1/4 teaspoon ground cumin and 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; stir until sugar dissolves and mixture bubbles. Add 2 cups pecan halves; cook, stirring, until pecans are thickly coated, about 3 minutes. Spread evenly on a baking sheet lined with parchment paper; sprinkle with 1/4 teaspoon kosher salt. Bake until fragrant and crisp, 8 to 10 minutes. Cool completely. Heat oven to 350°. In a  <END>
INPUT: Italian, cheese ravioli, pancetta, olive oil, kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Ravioli with Arugula, Tomatoes and Pancetta | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound cheese ravioli; 6 ounces thinly sliced pancetta, chopped; 1 (15-ounce) can diced tomatoes, drained; 3 tablespoons olive oil; 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt, plus extra for seasoning; 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, plus extra for seasoning; 3 cups arugula; 1/2 cup thinly sliced fresh basil leaves, divided; 2 tablespoons butter, at room temperature | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil over high heat. Add the ravioli and cook for 7 to 9 minutes until tender. Drain. In a large nonstick skillet over medium-high heat, add the pancetta and cook stirring frequently, until crispy, about 8 minutes. Remove to paper towels to drain. Add the tomatoes, olive oil, 1/2 teaspoon salt and 1/4 teaspoon pepper and cook for 2 minutes until tender. Add the arugula and 1/4 cup basil and cook until wilted, about 30 seconds. Stir in the butter and melt. Add the ravioli and cooked pancetta and toss until coated. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Tra <END>
INPUT: double, cookies, all purpose flour, baking soda, salt, bittersweet semisweet chocolate
OUTPUT: TITLE: Double Chocolate Chip Cookies with Pecans | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup all-purpose flour; 1/2 teaspoon baking soda; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 11 ounces bittersweet or semisweet chocolate; 1/2 cup (1 stick) unsalted butter, cut into cubes; 1 tablespoon vanilla extract; 2 teaspoons instant espresso powder; 3 large eggs; 1/3 cup packed light brown sugar; 1 cup granulated sugar; 12 ounces (about 2 cups) chocolate chips; 1 3/4 cups chopped pecans | INSTRUCTIONS: Position 1 rack in the top 1/3 and another in the bottom 1/3 of the oven and preheat to 350 degrees F. Line 2 baking sheets with parchment paper. Sift together the flour, baking soda and salt into a medium bowl and set aside. Melt the chocolate and butter in the top of a double boiler over hot, simmering water. Remove from the heat but keep the chocolate mixture over a bowl of hot water to ensure that the mixture does not set. In a small bowl, combine the vanilla extract and the espresso powder and whisk until the espresso powder is dissolved. Stir the espresso mixture into the chocolate mixtu <END>
INPUT: puff, ice cubes, brandy, milk, soda
OUTPUT: TITLE: Brandy Puff | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 or 2 ice cubes; 1 1/2 to 3 ounces brandy; 1 1/2 to 3 ounces milk; Chilled club soda | INSTRUCTIONS: Put ice cubes in a small tumbler, add the brandy and milk, and fill up with soda. Stir gently. Put ice cubes in a small tumbler, add the brandy and milk, and fill up with soda. Stir gently. <END>
INPUT: ceviche, lemons, limes, orange, celery
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lobster Ceviche | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 (1 1/2 to 2-pound) live lobsters; 3 lemons, juiced; 3 limes, juiced; 1 orange, juiced; 1 rib celery, diced; 1 jalapeno, diced; 1/2 cucumber, diced; 1/4 cup arugula, chopped; 1/4 red onion, diced; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 heads radicchio, quartered; 2 tablespoons olive oil | INSTRUCTIONS: In a pot of boiling water, cook the lobsters for 6 minutes. The meat should not be cooked all the way, only about 75 percent done. Cool and remove the meat from the tails. Dice into 1-inch pieces. Reserve the rest of the lobster meat for another use. Mix the tail meat with the citrus juices and refrigerate for 1 hour. Add the celery, jalapeno, cucumber, arugula and onion to the lobster and let stand another 30 minutes. Heat the oil in a grill pan over medium-high heat. Grill the radicchio until just wilted, 2 to 3 minutes per side. Season with salt. Slice the radicchio into coarse ribbons. To  <END>
INPUT: vegetable broth, peanut butter, shallots, Worcestershire sauce, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Peanut Butter Dip | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup vegetable broth; 1/2 cup peanut butter; 3 tablespoons chopped shallots; 1 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce; 1 garlic clove, minced; 1 teaspoon sugar; Salt and freshly ground pepper, to taste; Optional: 1 jalapeno, chopped; Celery sticks or grilled chicken fingers as an accompaniment | INSTRUCTIONS: In a small saucepan over low heat combine vegetable broth, peanut butter, shallots, Worcestershire, garlic, sugar, salt and pepper and optional jalapeno. Cook until the mixture thickens, about 15 minutes, stirring constantly. Serve with celery sticks, grilled chicken fingers. <END>
INPUT: American, casserole, pork, Kosher salt pepper, garlic, cremini mushrooms, scallions
OUTPUT: TITLE: Squash and Pork Casserole | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 6 ounces ground pork; Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper; 1 clove garlic, chopped; 4 ounces cremini mushrooms, stemmed and chopped; 3 scallions, chopped; 1/2 cup panko breadcrumbs (preferably whole-wheat); 1 14.5-ounce can no-salt-added diced tomatoes; 1/4 cup chopped fresh parsley; 3/4 cup low-fat small-curd cottage cheese; 1 1/4 cups shredded reduced-fat Mexican cheese blend (5 ounces); 1 large yellow squash, halved crosswise and thinly sliced lengthwise; 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Heat the olive oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Add the pork, 1/4 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of pepper. Cook, breaking up the pork, until slightly browned, 2 minutes. Add the garlic, mushrooms, half of the scallions and 2 tablespoons panko; cook 3 minutes. Add the tomatoes, half of the parsley and 1/3 cup water. Increase the heat to high; cook until slightly thickened, 3 minutes. Combine the cottage cheese, 3/4 cup Mexican cheese and the remaining parsley in a bowl. Sprinkle 3 tablespoons panko in a 9-inch-square baking dish. Top with half of <END>
INPUT: Mexican, rice, mushy, pork medallions, Kosher salt pepper, Juice limes, cilantro, olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pork Medallions with Beans and Rice and Mushy Peas | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 4 pork medallions (about 2 pounds); Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; Juice of 2 limes; 1/4 cup chopped fresh cilantro, divided; 1 tablespoon olive oil; 1 medium onion, sliced thin; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1 medium onion, diced; 1 green pepper, seeded and diced; 3 cloves garlic, minced; 1 teaspoon ground cumin; 1 (14-ounce) can black beans, drained and rinsed; 1 teaspoon red wine vinegar; 2 bay leaves; 1 can sweet peas, drained | INSTRUCTIONS: In large bowl, place the pork, a good pinch of salt and pepper, lime juice and half of the chopped cilantro. Let the mixture sit for about 10 minutes. In a medium saute pan, heat 1 tablespoon olive oil over medium heat. Add the sliced onion to the pan and saute, stirring occasionally, until the onions are browned, about 8 to 10 minutes. Season with a little bit of salt. Set aside and keep warm. To make the beans: In a large saute pan, heat 2 tablespoons olive oil over medium heat and add the onion, green pepper, garlic, cumin, and the remaining half of the cilantro. Cook until the vegetables b <END>
INPUT: cookies, vegetable shortening, chunky peanut butter, firmly light sugar, egg, all purpose flour
OUTPUT: TITLE: Peanut Butter Cookies | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup vegetable shortening; 1 cup chunky peanut butter; 1 cup firmly packed light brown sugar; 1 large egg; 1 1/2 cups all-purpose flour; 1/2 teaspoon baking soda; 1/2 teaspoon salt | INSTRUCTIONS: In a bowl cream together the shortening, the peanut butter, and the brown sugar, beating until the mixture is light and fluffy, beat in the egg, and stir in the flour, the baking soda, and the salt. Form tablespoonfuls of the dough into balls, transfer the balls as they are formed to baking sheets, and with the tines of a fork flatten them, making a crosshatch pattern. Bake the cookies in batches in the middle of a preheated 400°F. oven for 8 to 10 minutes, or until they are golden, transfer them to racks, and let them cool completely. In a bowl cream together the shortening, the peanut butter <END>
INPUT: moon, Chocolate cake, heavy cream, Kirsch any cherry, bittersweet chocolate, Cherries
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate Moon Dessert | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Chocolate pound cake, store bought; 1 pint plus 3 tablespoons heavy cream, whipped; Kirsch or any cherry flavored alcohol; 7 1/2 ounces bittersweet chocolate, melted; Cherries, canned; 2 pounds bittersweet chocolate, tempered; Cocoa butter, for spray painting; Dessert sauce, store bought | INSTRUCTIONS: To make the dessert: This dessert was made using the paper cone cups often found at a water dispenser. The paper cone was 3 1/2 inches tall with a 2 1/2-inch diameter opening. You can use any mold that you like. If you use the paper cones, place them point side down inside small glasses to make it easy to fill them. Use a serrated knife to slice the pound cake into 1/2-inch thick layers. Use a round cutter to cut cake rounds the same diameter as the cone mold. Pour the heavy cream into a medium-size mixing bowl and whip to soft peaks with an electric mixer set on medium speed. At this stage, t <END>
INPUT: slaw, cabbage, sugar snap peas, well shaken buttermilk, sour cream, dill
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sugar Snap Pea and Cabbage Slaw | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 1/2 pounds green cabbage (preferably Savoy), quartered, cored, and thinly sliced (14 cups); 3/4 pound sugar snap peas, trimmed and thinly sliced diagonally (4 cups); 3/4 cup well-shaken buttermilk; 1/2 cup sour cream; 1/4 cup chopped fresh dill; 2 garlic cloves, minced; 1 3/4 teaspoons salt; 1/2 teaspoon black pepper; 1 tablespoon white distilled vinegar | INSTRUCTIONS: Toss together cabbage and peas in a large bowl. Whisk together remaining ingredients and pour over slaw, stirring to combine well. Add salt to taste, then chill, covered, at least 2 hours. Toss together cabbage and peas in a large bowl. Whisk together remaining ingredients and pour over slaw, stirring to combine well. Add salt to taste, then chill, covered, at least 2 hours. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, quesadilla, mango, serrano chile, scallions, lightly cilantro leaves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mango and Brie Quesadilla with Sour Cream and Lime Dipping Sauce | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 4 (8-inch flour) tortillas (available in all grocery stores but sometimes hidden in the refrigerated or frozen food sections); 1 ripe mango, peeled, and sliced (If unavailable, replace with papaya or pear); 1 serrano chile, or 2 jalapeno chiles, minced; 2 scallions, trimmed and diced; 1/2 cup lightly packed fresh cilantro leaves, chopped, stems discarded before measuring; 8 ounces Brie, sliced into long 1/4-inch slices (Rind removal is optional but I always remove it); Sour Cream and Lime Dipping Sauce, recipe follows; 1/4 cup sour cream or plain yogurt; 2 tablespoons freshly squeezed lime juice; 1/4 teaspoon salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat a 10-inch nonstick saute pan over medium-high heat. Place 1 tortilla in the dry pan for approximately 1 minute per side, or until it just begins to brown. Remove. Repeat with the second tortilla. (If your tortilla expands like a blowfish, poke it with a fork to release the hot air.) After the second tortilla has browned, leave it in the pan and reduce heat to medium-low. Spread half of the mango evenly over the tortilla, then top with half of the peppers, scallions, cilantro, and Brie strips. Top with the first tortilla. Cover the pan with a lid, reduce heat to medium-low, and cook for 2  <END>
INPUT: artgnan, galette, potatoes, onion, Salt pepper taste, rendered duck fat, truffle
OUTPUT: TITLE: Seared Breast of Moulard Duck a la d'Artgnan on Potato Galette | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 pounds red potatoes, scrubbed and cut into 1/16-inch slices; 1 medium-small onion, cut in half and thinly sliced; Salt and freshly ground pepper to taste; 3 tablespoons rendered duck fat; 1 small black truffle, shaved paper thin (optional); 1 tablespoon flat-leaf parsley, finely chopped; 1 teaspoon garlic, minced; 2 whole boneless Moulard duck breasts, about 4 pounds, excess fat removed, skin and fat scored diagonally into small squares, patted dry; Salt and freshly ground black pepper to taste; 1/2 cup port wine; 8 medium plums, diced; 2 tablespoons demi-glace; 2 tablespoons granulated sugar; 1/2 cup Armagnac in which prunes have marinated no less than 15 days; 3 tablespoons prune juice | INSTRUCTIONS: For the galette, blot potatoes dry on paper towels. Combine in a large bowl with onions and a liberal amount of salt and pepper, and mix well. Heat fat until hot in a 10-inch nonstick skillet, over medium high heat. Add potatoes, shaking the pan and turning them to cover evenly with fat. Once a few slices begin to brown, press potatoes with a spatula to flatten into a disk. Adjust heat to medium low, cover tightly, and cook until several slices are golden brown on the bottom, about 5 to 7 minutes. Carefully lift off cover so condensation does not fall on potatoes, and wipe dry. Mix cooked slic <END>
INPUT: tuscan, garlic, rosemary, Fine sea salt, pepper flakes, center pork loin
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tuscan Roast Pork With Fennel | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 cloves garlic, minced; 1/4 cup chopped fresh rosemary, plus a few sprigs; Fine sea salt; 1/4 teaspoon red pepper flakes; 1 bone-in center-cut pork loin rib roast (about 6 pounds); 1 lemon, halved; 2 medium bunches fennel, stalks and fronds removed | INSTRUCTIONS: Toss the garlic, chopped rosemary, 1 tablespoon salt and the red pepper flakes in a small bowl. Make 3/4-inch-deep cuts between the rib bones of the pork. Stuff some of the garlic mixture into each cut. Rub the lemon halves over the pork, then rub with the remaining garlic mixture. Cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate overnight. Bring the pork to room temperature, about 30 minutes. Position a rack in the upper third of the oven and preheat to 375 degrees F. Cut each fennel bulb in half, then cut each half into wedges. Scatter the fennel and rosemary sprigs in a medium roasting pan (it's bes <END>
INPUT: Asian, sashimi, chiles, premium yellowtail, garlic, ginger, scallions, jalapeno
OUTPUT: TITLE: Yellowtail Sashimi with Diced Chiles | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 4 ounces fresh premium yellowtail (belly, if available)*; 1/2 teaspoon minced garlic; 1/2-ounce fresh ginger, finely julienne; 1 1/2 tablespoons thinly sliced scallions; 1 tablespoon finely diced red jalapeno; 1 tablespoon finely diced green jalapeno; 1 tablespoon soy sauce; 1 tablespoon yuzu juice (Japanese citrus)*; 1 tablespoon ponzu sauce (Japanese citrus vinegar)*; 1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil; 1 lemon wedge, for serving; Daikon radish, cut into julienne, for serving* | INSTRUCTIONS: Slice the yellowtail very thinly and fan out on a plate. Brush the minced garlic over the sashimi evenly. Sprinkle the ginger, scallions, and jalapeno evenly over the fish. Drizzle the soy sauce, yuzu, and ponzu evenly over the fish. Heat a small saucepan over high heat. Carefully add the olive oil to the extremely hot pan and heat until it just begins to smoke, about 30 seconds. Remove from the heat and carefully pour over the fish. The hot oil will sear the outside of the fish. Garnish with a lemon wedge and julienned daikon. <END>
INPUT: deviled, skillet, virgin olive oil, Salt pepper, cabbage, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Deviled Skillet Chicken and Pickled Cabbage and Red Onion Slaw | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, plus more for drizzling; 8 pieces bone-in, skin-on chicken, 4 legs and 1 whole breast, quartered or 4 thighs; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1/2 medium red cabbage, shredded; 1 large red onion, quartered and thinly sliced; 3/4 cup white balsamic or white wine vinegar; 1/4 cup sugar; 2 bay leaves; 6 peppercorns; 2 cloves; 1/2 cup Dijon mustard; 1 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes; 2 teaspoons dried marjoram or oregano; 2 sprigs rosemary, leaves finely chopped; 1 cup dry white wine | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat a large cast iron skillet over medium-high to high heat. Heat the oven to 400 degrees F. Season the chicken with salt and lots of black pepper, to taste. Add 2 tablespoons of extra-virgin olive oil, to the hot skillet and brown the chicken, skin side down, 3 to 4 minutes. Turn the chicken over and brown on the other side, about 3 to 4 minutes. While chicken browns, combine the cabbage and onions in salad bowl. Put the vinegar, sugar, a teaspoon of salt, bay leaves, peppercorns and cloves in a medium pot over medium heat. Bring to a boil, then turn the heat down to a simmer and reduce the  <END>
INPUT: salad, granita, water, sugar, light corn syrup, salt, Anjou Bartlett pears
OUTPUT: TITLE: Asian Pear and Grapefruit Salad with Sake Granita and Pear Sorbet | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 cup water; 3/4 cup sugar; 2 tablespoons light corn syrup; Pinch of salt; 3 1/2 cups diced peeled ripe Anjou or Bartlett pears (about 3 large); 1 1/3 cups coarsely filtered sake; 2 tablespoons water; 3/4 teaspoon unflavored gelatin; 1 1/2 cups water; 1 1/2 cups sugar; 4 ruby red grapefruits or white grapefruits; 2 large unpeeled Asian pears; Fresh fennel fronds (optional; for garnish); Special equipment: Ice cream maker | INSTRUCTIONS: For pear sorbet: Combine 3/4 water, sugar, corn syrup, and pinch of salt in large saucepan. Bring to boil over medium heat, stirring until sugar dissolves. Add pear pieces and simmer until pears are very tender, stirring occasionally, 8 to 10 minutes. Cool slightly. Transfer mixture to processor and puree until smooth. Chill pear mixture until cold, about 2 hours. Process pear mixture in ice cream maker according to manufacturer's instructions. Transfer pear sorbet to freezer container; cover and freeze until firm. DO AHEAD: Can be made 3 days ahead. Keep frozen. Combine 3/4 water, sugar, corn <END>
INPUT: jerk, pork, coriander, ginger, light sugar, garlic powder, onion powder
OUTPUT: TITLE: Jerk Pork Belly and Sweet Potato Hash with Fried Eggs | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons ground coriander; 3 tablespoons ground ginger; 3 tablespoons light brown sugar; 2 tablespoons garlic powder; 2 tablespoons onion powder; 2 tablespoons kosher salt; 1 tablespoon habanero powder; 1 tablespoon dry thyme; 2 teaspoons allspice; 2 teaspoons cinnamon; 2 teaspoons ground cloves; 2 teaspoons coarse black pepper; 3 tablespoons ground coriander; 3 tablespoons ground ginger; 3 tablespoons light brown sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: For the jerk rub: Combine the coriander, ginger, sugar, garlic and onion powders, salt, habanero powder, thyme, allspice, cinnamon, cloves and black pepper in a medium bowl. Set aside 2 tablespoons of the rub for the pork belly. Reserve remaining rub in an airtight container for another use. For the hash: Preheat the oven to 300 degrees F. Sprinkle the pork belly generously with salt and black pepper and place in a medium high-sided saute pan with a lid. Add the stock, cilantro sprigs and smashed garlic and bring to a simmer. Cover with the lid and transfer to the oven. Let the pork belly brai <END>
INPUT: sandwiches, Vegetable, very pancetta, hard boiled eggs, crumbled Gorgonzola, lemon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Egg, Gorgonzola and Pancetta Sandwiches | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Vegetable cooking spray; 12 very thin slices pancetta; 3 hard boiled eggs, peeled and coarsely chopped; 4 ounces crumbled Gorgonzola; 1 lemon, zested; 1/4 cup mayonnaise; 1/4 cup chopped fresh chives; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, optional; 6 (1/2-inch thick) slices whole-wheat bread | INSTRUCTIONS: Place an oven rack in the center of the oven. Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Spray a baking sheet with cooking spray. Lay the pancetta in a single layer on the prepared baking sheet and bake for 10 to 12 minutes until crispy and brown. Drain on paper towels. In a medium bowl, combine the eggs, Gorgonzola, lemon zest, mayonnaise, and chives. Season with salt and pepper, to taste, if using. Spread the mixture evenly over 3 slices of the bread. Crumble the pancetta and sprinkle over the egg mixture. Place the remaining bread slices on top. Cut the sandwiches in half and arrange on a serving p <END>
INPUT: mojo, orange juice, virgin olive oil, pickled habanero, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Shrimp with Orange Habanero Mojo | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 8 (8-inch) long skewers; 1/2 cup fresh orange juice; 1/2 cup extra virgin olive oil, divided into 2 equal parts; 1 tablespoon pickled habanero, without seeds and chopped; 2 teaspoons garlic, finely chopped; 2 tablespoons chopped cilantro; 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard; Salt and pepper; 8 jumbo shrimps, peeled and deveined | INSTRUCTIONS: Soak skewers in cold water for 2 hours. In a medium bowl combine orange juice, 1/4 cup olive oil, habanero, 1 teaspoon of garlic, cilantro, mustard and salt and pepper to taste. Mix this mojo well and set aside for later use. In a separate small bowl combine 1/4 cup olive oil and 1 teaspoon garlic and set aside. Skewer shrimps and brush each on both sides with the garlic and olive oil mixture, then season to taste with salt and pepper. Cook shrimps on a hot grill for 2 minutes on each side, while brushing on the remaining olive oil and garlic mixture. Arrange shrimps on a serving platter and d <END>
INPUT: sorbets, mangoes, Simple Syrup, lime juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mango Sorbets | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 ripe mangoes (about 3 1/2 pounds total); 1 cup Simple Syrup; 3 tablespoons fresh lime juice, or to taste | INSTRUCTIONS: Line a baking sheet with plastic wrap. Wash and dry mangoes. Using a sharp knife, remove the 2 flat sides of each mango, cutting lengthwise alongside pit and cutting as close to pit as possible so that mango flesh is in 2 large pieces. With a spoon carefully scoop flesh from mango sides into a blender, leaving shells intact. With a knife cut remaining flesh from pit and add to blender. Add syrup and lime juice to blender and purée until smooth. Put mango shells on baking sheet and freeze while making sorbet. Freeze mango purée in an ice-cream maker. Scoop sorbet into frozen shells, mounding sl <END>
INPUT: martini, vanilla vodka, Turkish coffee, Raki, Torani Almond syrup, Ice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Turkish Martini | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 ounces vanilla vodka; 3 ounces Turkish coffee; 1/2 ounce Raki (Turkish liquor) like Ouzo or Sambuca but this is a little lighter; 1/4 ounce Torani Almond syrup; Ice | INSTRUCTIONS: In a mixing glass, add vanilla vodka, Turkish coffee, Raki and Torani and some ice. Shake 10 times and serve in a chilled martini glass. Drink would be nice on the rocks too. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, tomatillos, plum tomatoes, vegetable oil, poblano chile peppers, jalapeno peppers
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pork and Tomatillo Chili | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound tomatillos, husked and rinsed; 2 plum tomatoes; 1/4 cup vegetable oil; 4 poblano chile peppers; 2 jalapeno peppers; 3 pounds boneless pork shoulder, trimmed of excess fat, cut into 2-inch pieces; 2 tablespoons chili powder; 2 tablespoons ground cumin; Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper; 1 onion, chopped; 3 cloves garlic, chopped; 2 tablespoons cornmeal; 4 cups low-sodium chicken broth; Sliced scallions, pickled jalapenos and/or grated cheddar cheese, for topping | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the broiler. Toss the tomatillos and tomatoes with 1 tablespoon vegetable oil on a baking sheet and push to one side. Put the poblanos and jalapenos on the other side of the baking sheet. Broil, turning the vegetables occasionally, until charred, about 10 minutes. Transfer the tomatillos and tomatoes to a cutting board and let cool. Put the peppers in a bowl and cover with a plate; set aside 10 minutes. Pull the skins off the tomatoes, then core and chop them along with the tomatillos. Peel, seed and chop the peppers; set all the vegetables aside. Toss the pork with the chili powder, c <END>
INPUT: chapanas, annatto seeds, aguardiente light rum, water, yucca
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chapanas with Golden Raisins | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons annatto seeds; 1/2 cup aguardiente or light rum; 1/2 cup water; 2 1/2 pounds yucca, peeled (see Note) and finely grated; 1/4 teaspoon ground cloves; 1 cup sugar; Pinch of cayenne; 1/4 cup golden raisins; 24 dried banana leaf pieces, 12x10-inch, or 72 corn husks; 2 ripe bananas, peeled and sliced 1/4-inch thick | INSTRUCTIONS: In a small saucepan, combine the annatto seeds, aguardiente, and water and allow to soak for at least 15 to 20 minutes. Place over medium heat and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat and simmer, stirring occasionally, until the liquid has reduced by about 25 percent, to 3/4 cup. Strain the liquid into a medium mixing bowl and discard the seeds. Add the grated yucca, cloves, sugar, cayenne, and raisins. Mix together well and set aside. Heat a griddle or large cast-iron skillet to high heat. Toast the banana leaves for about 3 seconds on each side (this will soften and make them easier to handle).  <END>
INPUT: American, oven, pears, Bosc pear, olive oil, mild creamy cheese, Keebler® Town House®, glazed candied pecan
OUTPUT: TITLE: Oven-Roasted Pears with Creamy Blue Cheese | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 medium Bosc pear; 2 teaspoons olive oil; 1/3 cup mild creamy blue cheese, at room temperature; 24 Keebler® Town House® Original crackers; 24 glazed or candied pecan halves* | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. Use apple corer to remove core from pear. Crosswise cut pear into 1/4-inch-thick rings. In small bowl toss together pear rings and olive oil. Arrange in single layer on baking sheet lined with parchment paper. Bake at 400degrees F for 27 to 30 minutes or until soft and beginning to brown, turning once after 15 minutes. Set aside. 2. When pears are cool enough to handle, cut each ring into quarters. 3. Spread scant teaspoon of blue cheese on each KEEBLER TOWN HOUSE Original cracker. Top each with pear piece and pecan half. *NOTE: If you can't find glazed or candied pecan halves at your groce <END>
INPUT: grown, float, orange, bourbon, dashes orange bitters, root beer, heavy cream
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grown-Up Root Beer Float | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 orange; 2 ounces bourbon; 2 dashes orange bitters; 3/4 cup root beer; 1 ounce heavy cream | INSTRUCTIONS: Use a vegetable peeler to remove a long piece of zest from the orange, working your way around the fruit. Combine the bourbon and bitters in a tall glass. Twist the orange zest over the glass to release the oils, then drop it in. Fill the glass halfway with ice. Add the root beer. Slowly pour the cream over the back of a spoon into the glass so it floats on top. Photograph by Kang Kim <END>
INPUT: American, sirloin steaks, virgin olive oil, garlic, bags, shallot onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Steak and Spinach in Gorgonzola Vodka Sauce | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 4 boneless sirloin steaks (about 6 oz. ea.); 3 Tbsp. extra virgin olive oil, divided; 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped; 2 bags (10 oz. ea.) baby spinach leaves; 1 small shallot or onion, chopped; 1 jar Bertolli® Vodka Sauce made with Fresh Cream; 1/2 cup crumbled gorgonzola cheese (about 2 oz.) | INSTRUCTIONS: Season steaks, if desired, with salt and ground black pepper. Grill or broil until desired doneness. Meanwhile, heat 2 tablespoons olive oil in 12-inch nonstick skillet over medium heat and cook 1 clove garlic 30 seconds. Stir in spinach. Cover and cook, stirring occasionally, 2 minutes or until spinach is wilted. Season with salt and pepper; remove to serving platter and keep warm. Heat remaining 1 tablespoon olive oil in same skillet over medium heat and cook shallot, stirring frequently, 2 minutes. Add remaining garlic and cook 30 seconds. Stir in Sauce and cook, stirring occasionally, 2 mi <END>
INPUT: American, oatmeal, pumpkin pie filling, quick oats, pecans
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pumpkin Pie Oatmeal | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 can (12-ounce) fat-free evaporated milk, Carnation(R); 1/2 cup pumpkin pie filling, Libby's(R); 1 1/4 cups quick-cooking oats, Quaker(R); 3 tablespoons chopped pecans, Planters(R) | INSTRUCTIONS: In a saucepan, combine evaporated milk and pumpkin pie filling. Bring to a boil over medium-high heat. Add oats; cook and stir for 1 minute or until thickened. Stir in 2 tablespoons of the pecans. Top each serving with some of the remaining 1 tablespoon pecans. <END>
INPUT: hole, slice sourdough, unsalted butter, egg, Salt pepper, paprika
OUTPUT: TITLE: Egg-in-the-Hole | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 slice sourdough, potato, or wheat bread; 1 to 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1 large egg; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; Pinch paprika, optional | INSTRUCTIONS: Cut a 2-inch round from the center of the bread, reserving the round. Melt a nut size bit of butter in a small nonstick skillet over medium heat. Place the slice of bread and the round in skillet and toast lightly, about 1 minute. Crack the egg into the hole and season with salt and pepper, and cook until golden brown, about 2 minutes. Add remaining the rest of the butter as needed to brown and crisp the toast. Flip the egg and round, season with salt and pepper. Cook another 2 minutes for a runny yolk, or slightly longer for a set egg. Transfer egg-in-the-hole to a plate and sprinkle with pap <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, cupcakes, whipped, coconut milk, powdered sugar, all purpose flour, baking soda
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lemon-Olive Oil Cupcakes with Coconut Whipped Cream | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: One 13.5-ounce can of coconut milk (not light), such as Thai Kitchen brand or Whole Foods 365 brand, chilled in the refrigerator overnight (be sure no; 1/4 cup powdered sugar; Nonstick cooking spray, for spraying the cupcake liners; 2 cups all-purpose flour; 1 teaspoon baking soda; 1 teaspoon baking powder; 1/2 teaspoon fine salt; 1/2 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 3/4 cup maple syrup; 2 tablespoons lemon zest (about 2 lemons) plus 1/4 cup lemon juice, plus additional zest, for garnish; 1 tablespoon lemon extract; Fresh berries and mint leaves, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: For the coconut whipped cream: Chill the bowl and whisk of a stand mixer in the freezer for about 10 minutes. If they are not very cold, the cream will not whip properly. Skim the solidified coconut cream from the chilled can of coconut milk and transfer the solids to the bowl of the stand mixer. Do not include any of the coconut water, even if you have to leave behind a little margin of coconut cream (even a little bit of coconut water can harm your results). Add the powdered sugar and whip for a few minutes until the mixture begins to stiffen and turn into whipped cream. Chill the whipped cr <END>
INPUT: haystacks, matzo farfel, semisweet bittersweet chocolate, unsalted, cranberries
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate Matzo Farfel Haystacks | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cups matzo farfel; 5 ounces semisweet or bittersweet chocolate; 1/4 cup toasted, shredded sweetened coconut; 1/2 cup unsalted, roasted, peanuts coarsely chopped; 1/2 cup dried cranberries, cherries or apricots, coarsely chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: In a 350-degree oven, toast the matzo farfel for 5 minutes to crisp up. In a completely dry bowl or double boiler set over barely simmering water, melt the chocolate. Mix in the farfel, coconut, peanuts and dried fruit. Form 1-inch haystacks of the mixture on a parchment lined cookie sheet and refrigerate for 1/2 hour to set. Serve chilled.; <END>
INPUT: American, sunny, smoky, Four, Kosher salt pepper, virgin olive oil, rosemary, unsalted butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sunny's Smoky Rosemary Grilled Steak | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: Four 1 1/2-inch-thick, bone-in rib eye steaks; Kosher salt and coarsely ground black pepper; 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 4 sprigs fresh rosemary, cut in half; 6 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1 teaspoon smoked paprika; Kosher salt; 3 sprigs fresh rosemary; 2 cloves garlic, grated on a rasp or finely minced | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. For the steaks: On a plate, sprinkle the steaks on both sides with salt and pepper, and drizzle with the olive oil. Lay out enough plastic wrap to cover each steak. Tightly wrap the steaks individually with a piece of rosemary on both sides of each steak. Rest at room temperature 2 hours. For the butter: In the meantime, in a medium saucepan over medium-low heat, melt the butter together with the paprika and 1 teaspoon salt. Stir to dissolve the salt, then add the rosemary and garlic. Continue cooking on low until the butter is fragrant, 10 to 12 minutes. If the  <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, couscous, virgin olive oil, saffron, Salt, water
OUTPUT: TITLE: Couscous | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound couscous; 4 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil; 1 pinch saffron; Salt, to taste; 4 cups water | INSTRUCTIONS: Pour couscous into a large bowl. Add olive oil, saffron, and salt. Mix all together very well. Add the water and mix again. Let sit for 20 minutes After 20 minutes slowly separate the grains. On the upper level of the couscoussiere pour the couscous and let it steam for 20 minutes.; <END>
INPUT: American, crab, cakes, scallion, bell pepper, garlic, all purpose flour
OUTPUT: TITLE: Crab Cakes | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon finely chopped scallion; 1 tablespoon finely chopped red bell pepper; 1 teaspoon minced garlic; 1 1/4 sticks (5 oz) unsalted butter, melted; 2 tablespoons all-purpose flour; 3/4 cup heavy cream; 1 large egg yolk, lightly beaten; 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh basil; 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard; 2 teaspoons Sriracha hot chile sauce; 1 teaspoon fresh lemon juice; 1 teaspoon salt; 8 slices firm whole-wheat sandwich bread, cut into 1-inch pieces; 1/4 cup finely chopped fresh chives; 1/4 cup finely chopped fresh parsley | INSTRUCTIONS: Put oven rack in middle position and preheat oven to 425°F. Cook scallion, bell pepper, and garlic in 2 tablespoons butter in a 1-quart heavy saucepan over moderate heat, stirring, 1 minute, then whisk in flour and cook roux, stirring constantly, 1 minute. Add cream and bring to a boil, whisking. Reduce heat and simmer, whisking, 2 minutes. (Mixture will be thick.) Remove from heat and whisk 1 minute, then whisk in yolk, basil, mustard, chile sauce, lemon juice, and salt and chill, uncovered, until cooled, about 15 minutes. While sauce is cooling, line a tray with wax paper and butter a shallo <END>
INPUT: cake, warm, rolled oats, boiling water, all purpose flour, baking soda, cinnamon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Oat Cake with Warm Mixed Berry Compote and Clotted Cream | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup rolled oats, not instant; 1 1/2 cups boiling water; 1 1/2 cups all-purpose flour; 1 teaspoon baking soda; 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1/4 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 1 stick unsalted butter, softened; 1 cup packed light brown sugar; 1/2 cup sugar; 2 large eggs; 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract; Mixed Berry Compote, recipe follows; Clotted cream, for serving | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Butter and flour a 9-inch baking pan. Place oats in a bowl, pour the boiling water over and let soak for 30 minutes. Drain well. Sift together the flour, baking soda, cinnamon, nutmeg and salt on waxed paper. Place butter and sugars in the bowl of a mixer fitted with the paddle attachment and mix until light and fluffy. Add the eggs, one at a time and mix until smooth. Add the soaked oats and mix until incorporated. Add the dry ingredients and mix until just combined. Scrape the batter evenly into the prepared pan and bake in the oven until a toothpick inserted i <END>
INPUT: Asian, burgers, salmon fillet, baby spinach, scallions, ginger, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Salmon Burgers with Spinach and Ginger | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1 lb salmon fillet, skinned; 4 oz baby spinach, coarsely chopped (3 cups); 3 scallions, minced; 1 tablespoon finely grated peeled fresh ginger; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 1/4 teaspoon black pepper; 1 large egg white; 1 tablespoon soy sauce; Vegetable oil for brushing skillet; 2 tablespoons pickled ginger | INSTRUCTIONS: Cut salmon into 1/4-inch dice, then stir together with spinach, scallions, ginger, salt, and pepper in a large bowl until well combined. Beat together egg white and soy sauce in a small bowl and stir into salmon mixture, then form into 4 (1/2-inch-thick) patties. Heat a 12-inch nonstick skillet over moderate heat until hot and lightly brush with oil. Cook patties, carefully turning once, until golden brown and cooked through, 6 to 7 minutes total. Serve each burger topped with 1 1/2 teaspoons pickled ginger. Cut salmon into 1/4-inch dice, then stir together with spinach, scallions, ginger, sal <END>
INPUT: American, sandwich, Mexican chocolate, graham crackers, candied walnuts, dulce de leche
OUTPUT: TITLE: Graham Cracker and Mexican Chocolate Ice Cream Sandwich | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 6 ounces Mexican chocolate, chopped; 3/4 cup (6 ounces) heavy cream; 6 whole graham crackers; 1 cup candied walnuts, roughly chopped; 1 pint dulce de leche ice cream | INSTRUCTIONS: For the Mexican chocolate ganache: Put the chocolate in a heatproof bowl. Bring the cream just to a boil in a small pan. Pour immediately over the chocolate and let sit for a minute or 2. Whisk until the chocolate is melted and the ganache is completely smooth. Set aside to cool. For the ice cream sandwiches: Break the graham crackers in half. Put the candied walnuts on a small plate. Turn the pint of ice cream on its side and use a serrated knife to slice through the carton, creating 6 ice cream discs. Spread some of the Mexican chocolate ganache on each graham cracker half. Add an ice cream  <END>
INPUT: Mexican, bake, cheesecake, wheat germ, sugar substitute, real cream cheese, sour cream, milk ricotta cheese
OUTPUT: TITLE: No-Bake Key Lime Cheesecake | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon wheat germ; 2 cups plus 1 tablespoon sugar substitute (recommended: Splenda); 16 ounces real cream cheese, room temperature; 1 cup sour cream; 1 cup whole milk ricotta cheese; 3/4 cup Key lime juice (fresh or bottled); 2 tablespoons no sugar added vanilla extract; 1/4 cup hot water; 2 limes, zested, divided; 3 envelopes unflavored gelatin (recommended: Knoxx brand); 3/4 cup boiling water | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: 10-inch deep pie plate or cake pan Sprinkle the wheat germ and 1 tablespoon sugar substitute over the bottom of the pie plate to create a "faux" crust. In the bowl of an electric mixer, beat the softened cream cheese, sour cream, ricotta cheese, lime juice, 2 cups sugar substitute, vanilla extract, 1/4 cup hot water, and zest of 1 lime on medium speed until well combined. Using a fork to mix, thoroughly dissolve the 3 envelopes of gelatin in 3/4 cup boiling water. Do not let cool and move onto the next step immediately. (It is important that the water be boiling hot and that <END>
INPUT: fire, lemon juice, Dijon mustard, long hot Calabrian, mayonnaise, artichokes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fire-Grilled Artichokes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/8 cup fresh squeezed lemon juice; 2 1/2 tablespoons Dijon mustard; 3/4 ounce long hot Calabrian peppers, stemmed and seeded; 1 3/4 cups mayonnaise; 2 artichokes; 1/2 cup fresh squeezed lemon juice; 1/4 cup plus 2 teaspoons salt; 4 tablespoons canola oil; 2 teaspoons fresh ground pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. For the Calabrian pepper aioli: In a food processor, combine and puree the lemon juice, Dijon mustard and peppers. Fold the mayonnaise into the puree and mix well. Reserve. For the artichokes: Cut the artichokes in half lengthwise, splitting the stem. Remove the two bottom layers of leaves and, with a potato peeler, peel the stem until the outer fibers are removed. With a small spoon, dig out the inner fibers at the center of the artichoke. Submerge the artichokes in a bowl of cold water and add the lemon juice to prevent browning. Bring 1 gallon water to a boil  <END>
INPUT: monkey, bread, Two tubes refrigerated, Four envelopes hot, sugar, mini marshmallows
OUTPUT: TITLE: Hot Cocoa Monkey Bread | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 sticks (12 tablespoons) unsalted butter, melted; Two 16-ounce tubes refrigerated biscuit dough, such as Pillsbury Grands; Four .7-ounce envelopes instant hot cocoa mix; 1 cup sugar; 1 cup mini marshmallows; 1 cup chocolate chips | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Special equipment: A 10-inch nonstick Bundt pan Position a rack in the lower third of the oven and preheat to 350 degrees F. Put the butter in a medium bowl. Brush the Bundt pan with some of the butter to lightly coat. Cut the biscuits into quarters. Combine the hot cocoa mix and sugar in a large bowl and stir together. Working in batches, toss one-third of the biscuits in the melted butter, roll them in the hot cocoa mixture to lightly coat and add them to the Bundt pan so they are nestled together in an even layer; sprinkle with one-third of the marshmallows an <END>
INPUT: American, cream, meringue, Flaky Pie Dough, milk, sugar, lemons, cornstarch
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lemon Cream Meringue Pie | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: Flaky Pie Dough for a 1crust pie, about 10 ounces; 2 cups milk; 2/3 cup sugar; 3 to 4 medium lemons; 1/4 cup cornstarch; 4 egg yolks; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened; 4 egg whites; 2/3 cup sugar; Pinch salt | INSTRUCTIONS: To make the filling, combine milk and sugar in a nonreactive saucepan, preferably enameled iron. Strip the zest from the lemons with a sharp vegetable peeler, making sure you remove the yellow zest but none of the white pith beneath. If you do remove some of the white pith, scrape it off the strips of zest with the point of a paring knife and discard it. Add the zest to the milk and sugar and bring to a simmer over low heat. Remove from heat and allow to steep for 5 minutes; remove the strips of zest with a slotted spoon or skimmer and discard them. Squeeze lemons to make 1/2 cup strained juic <END>
INPUT: unsalted butter, sherry wine vinegar, sugar, parsnips, carrots
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Parsnips and Carrots | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 5 tablespoons unsalted butter; 4 tablespoon sherry wine vinegar; 5 tablespoons brown sugar; 1 1/2 pounds parsnips, peeled; 1 1/2 pounds carrots, peeled; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh thyme leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Melt the butter, sherry wine vinegar and sugar in a small pan over medium heat. Stir well to combine and remove from the heat. Quarter the parsnips and cut the carrots into 2-inch pieces. Put on a baking sheet and drizzle with the butter and sherry mixture. Season with salt and pepper, (lots of pepper) and toss to thoroughly coat all the vegetables. Bake in the preheated oven until the vegetables are golden brown. About 5 minutes before the vegetables are done remove them from the oven, sprinkle with fresh thyme and mix to combine. Return to the oven and bake <END>
INPUT: salad, virgin olive oil, cider vinegar, cilantro leaves, Kosher fine sea
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mango and Black Bean Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 2 tablespoons cider vinegar; 1/4 cup freshly chopped cilantro leaves; Kosher or fine sea salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 (15.5-ounce) can black beans, drained and rinsed; 1/2 mango, peeled, flesh removed from the pit and cut into 1/2-inch dice (1 generous cup); 1/2 small jicama (about 1/2 pound), peeled, and cut into 1/2-inch dice (about 2 cup; see Note); 1/2 small red onion, cut in 1/2, then into thin slivers (about 1/4 cup) | INSTRUCTIONS: This is a delicious way for me to sneak more fruit and vegetables into our family dinners. More than a 15-minute side dish, this can be dressed this up by spooning it into a radicchio-leaf cup for a first course, complement the next batch of salmon fillets or steaks off the grill, or taken along on your next picnic. Whisk the olive oil, vinegar, and cilantro together in a large bowl until blended. Season lightly with salt and pepper. Add the beans, mango, jicama, and onion and toss gently to coat with the dressing. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Serve right away or let stand at room te <END>
INPUT: granita, purple plums, sugar, lemon juice, vanilla
OUTPUT: TITLE: Plum Granita | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound red or purple plums, pitted and chopped; 2/3 cup sugar; 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, or to taste; 1/2 teaspoon vanilla | INSTRUCTIONS: In a saucepan combine the plums, the sugar, and 2 1/2 cups water and bring the mixture to a boil, stirring until the sugar is dissolved. Simmer the mixture, covered, for 5 minutes and let it cool for 5 minutes. In a blender or food processor puree the mixture, strain the puree through a fine sieve into a bowl, pressing hard on the solids, and let it cool. Stir in the lemon juice and the vanilla and chill the mixture, covered, for 1 to 2 hours, or until it is cold. The mixture may be made up to this point 1 day in advance and kept covered and chilled. Stir the mixture, transfer it to 2 metal ic <END>
INPUT: parsleyed, salad, fleshed potatoes, wine vinegar, vegetable oil, parsley leaves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Parsleyed Yellow-Potato Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 5 pounds yellow-fleshed potatoes; 1/3 cup white-wine vinegar; 1/2 cup vegetable oil; 2 cups minced fresh parsley leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: In a kettle combine the potatoes with enough salted cold water to cover them by 2 inches, bring the water to a boil, and simmer the potatoes, removing the small ones as they are done, for 30 to 40 minutes, or until they are tender. Drain the potatoes and let them cool until they can be handled. Peel the potatoes and cut them into bite-sized pieces. In a large bowl whisk together the vinegar and salt and pepper to taste, add the oil in a stream, whisking, and whisk the dressing until it is emulsified. Add the potatoes and the parsley and combine the salad well. In a kettle combine the potatoes  <END>
INPUT: sorbet, mango flesh, lime juice, Pepper Vodka, pepper essential oil, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Black Pepper Mango Sorbet | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 1/2 to 3 pounds ripe mango flesh, from approximately 4 large mangoes; 1/4 cup freshly squeezed lime juice; 1/4 cup Pepper Vodka, recipe follows; 1/4 teaspoon black pepper essential oil; 12 ounces sugar; 2 tablespoons peppercorns, slightly cracked; 1 (750-ml) bottle of vodka | INSTRUCTIONS: Place the mango into the bowl of a food processor and process until smooth. Add the lime juice, pepper vodka, black pepper essential oil and the sugar and process for an additional 5 to 10 seconds. Pass the mixture through a fine mesh strainer and place in the refrigerator to chill until the mixture reaches 40 degrees or below, approximately 2 to 3 hours. Process the sorbet in an ice cream maker according to the manufacturer's instructions, approximately 20 to 25 minutes. Place in the freezer for 3 hours or overnight, before serving. Add the peppercorns to the vodka and allow to sit in a cool  <END>
INPUT: American, bacon, roasted jalapenos, prawns, pepper, Monterey jack cheese
OUTPUT: TITLE: Bacon Prawns with Cheese Dip | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 8 thin slices bacon; 8 roasted jalapenos, split in 1/2 and seeded; 16 large prawns, peeled and deveined; Freshly ground black pepper; 1 1/2 cups shredded Monterey jack cheese (Chihuahua cheese is great here too!); 3/4 cup cream | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Cut each piece of bacon in half and put them on a baking sheet. Bake until just half cooked, about 4 to 5 minutes. Remove and set aside until cool enough to handle. Hold 1 strip the roasted jalapeno in the belly of each prawn and wrap it with half a piece of bacon. Secure with a toothpick and season with pepper, to taste. Arrange the prawns on parchment lined baking sheet and bake until the prawns are just cooked, about 10 minutes. Meanwhile make the cheese sauce by adding the cheese and cream to a glass bowl. Put the bowl over  <END>
INPUT: scaloppine, sauce, porcini mushrooms, wine, shallots, wine vinegar, morel mushrooms
OUTPUT: TITLE: Veal Scaloppine with Mushroom Cream Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2-ounce package dried porcini mushrooms*; 1 cup dry white wine; 1 cup chopped shallots (about 6 large); 2 tablespoons white wine vinegar; 1 1/2-ounce package dried morel mushrooms*; 2 cups hot water; 4 tablespoons (or more) olive oil; 12 ounces assorted fresh wild mushrooms (such as oyster and stemmed shiitake), sliced; 1 cup whipping cream; 1 pound veal cutlets (each about 1/4 to 1/3 inch thick or pounded, if necessary, to 1/4-inch thickness), cut into 3-inch pieces | INSTRUCTIONS: Finely grind dried porcini in spice grinder or coffee grinder. Transfer 2 tablespoons ground porcini to heavy medium saucepan (reserve any remaining ground porcini for another use). Add wine, 1/2 cup shallots and vinegar to saucepan. Boil until porcini broth is reduced to 3/4 cup, about 5 minutes. Set aside. Place dried morels in small bowl. Pour 2 cups hot water over; let stand until morels soften, about 30 minutes. Drain; reserve soaking liquid. Heat 2 tablespoons olive oil in heavy large skillet over medium-high heat. Add fresh mushrooms and remaining 1/2 cup shallots and sauté until tender <END>
INPUT: Asian, lemony, syrup, lemon, water, three gingerroot, star anise star, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Nectarines, Plums, and Blueberries in Lemony Ginger Anise Syrup | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1 lemon; 1/2 cup water; three 1/3-inch-thick slices fresh gingerroot; 4 whole star anise* or 3/4 cup star anise* pieces; 1/2 cup sugar; 1 1/2 teaspoons fresh lemon juice, or to taste; 3 firm-ripe nectarines (about 3/4 pound); 9 assorted plums (about 1 1/2 pounds); 1 cup picked-over blueberries | INSTRUCTIONS: With a vegetable peeler remove three 3 x 1/2-inch pieces zest from lemon. In a saucepan bring water to a boil with zest, gingerroot, star anise, sugar, and 1 teaspoon lemon juice and simmer, stirring, until sugar is dissolved. Cool syrup and discard star anise. Syrup may be made 2 days ahead and chilled, covered. Halve and pit nectarines and plums. Cut nectarines into wedges. In a bowl toss cut fruit together with blueberries, syrup, and remaining lemon juice. Mixture may be made 8 hours ahead and chilled, covered. With a vegetable peeler remove three 3 x 1/2-inch pieces zest from lemon. In a  <END>
INPUT: plum tomatoes, Spanish olive oil, Salt pepper, garlic, pine nuts
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tomato Bread with Prosciutto | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 8 ripe plum tomatoes; 1/2 cup Spanish olive oil, divided; Salt and freshly ground pepper; 6 cloves garlic, finely chopped; 1/4 cup pine nuts; 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh thyme leaves; 16 (1/2-inch thick) slices Ciabatta or crusty country-style bread; 16 thin slices prosciutto | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat grill to high. Brush tomatoes with oil and season with salt and pepper. Place on the grill and grill until charred on all sides. Coarsely chop the tomatoes and then place in a food process with the garlic, 1/4 cup of the olive oil, and the pine nuts. Process until smooth. Transfer to a bowl, stir in the thyme, and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Let stand at room temperature for 30 minutes. Brush each slice of bread with the remaining oil on both sides, season with salt and pepper, and grill until lightly golden brown, about 30 seconds on each side. Remove the bread from the gri <END>
INPUT: Golden Delicious apples, Bosc pears, virgin olive oil, rosemary
OUTPUT: TITLE: Broiled Apples and Pears with Rosemary | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 Golden Delicious apples, unpeeled, halved, cored, thinly sliced lengthwise; 4 Bosc pears, unpeeled, halved, cored, thinly sliced lengthwise; 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 1 tablespoon minced fresh rosemary; Fresh rosemary sprigs (optional) | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat broiler. Brush 2 large baking sheets with olive oil. Gently toss apples, pears, 1/4 cup oil, and minced rosemary in large bowl. Arrange fruit in single layer on sheets. Broil until fruit is tender and edges begin to brown, watching closely to avoid burning and turning sheets for even browning, about 5 minutes. Transfer fruit to platter. Sprinkle with pepper. Garnish with rosemary sprigs, if desired. Serve warm or at room temperature. (Can be prepared 4 hours ahead. Let stand at room temperature.) Preheat broiler. Brush 2 large baking sheets with olive oil. Gently toss apples, pears, 1/ <END>
INPUT: Asian, zucchini, Asian sesame oil, sesame seeds, soy sauce, lemon juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sesame Zucchini | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 2 medium zucchini; 1 tablespoon Asian sesame oil; 1 1/2 teaspoons sesame seeds, toasted lightly; 1 teaspoon soy sauce, or to taste; 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice | INSTRUCTIONS: Halve zucchini lengthwise and cut crosswise into 1/2-inch pieces. In a steamer set over simmering water steam zucchini, covered, until just tender, about 5 minutes. In a bowl toss zucchini with sesame oil and seeds, soy sauce, and salt to taste until coated well and sprinkle with lemon juice. Serve warm or at room temperature. Halve zucchini lengthwise and cut crosswise into 1/2-inch pieces. In a steamer set over simmering water steam zucchini, covered, until just tender, about 5 minutes. In a bowl toss zucchini with sesame oil and seeds, soy sauce, and salt to taste until coated well and spri <END>
INPUT: crisps, confectioners sugar, mild honey, decaffeinated Earl Grey, egg whites
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tea-and-Honey Crisps | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 stick (1/2 cup) unsalted butter, softened; 1 cup confectioners sugar; 1/4 cup mild honey; 2 1/4 teaspoons decaffeinated Earl Grey tea leaves (from 2 to 3 tea bags); 2 large egg whites; 1 cup all-purpose flour; Special equipment: disposable Styrofoam plates; a small sharp knife such as an X-Acto; a 17- by 11-inch nonstick bakeware liner such as Silpat; a smal | INSTRUCTIONS: Draw desired shape of cookie on a Styrofoam plate, then cut out shape with X-Acto knife and discard shape. If desired, cut out additional shapes from same plate. Trim plate, leaving a 1-inch border around stencil(s). Make more stencils with more plates if desired. Put oven rack in middle position and preheat oven to 350°F. Line a large baking sheet with nonstick liner. Beat together butter, confectioners sugar, honey, and tea leaves in a large bowl with an electric mixer at medium speed until combined well. Add egg whites 1 at a time, beating well after each addition. Reduce speed to low, then <END>
INPUT: kohlrabi, virgin olive oil, thyme, salt, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Kohlrabi and Butternut Squash | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 medium kohlrabi (2 1/4 lb with greens or 1 3/4 lb without); 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 2 teaspoons finely chopped fresh thyme; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/4 teaspoon black pepper; 2 1/2 lb butternut squash; Special equipment: a 17- by 12- by 1-inch shallow heavy baking pan | INSTRUCTIONS: Put oven rack just below middle position and put baking pan on rack, then preheat oven to 450°F. (If roasting vegetables along with turkey, preheat pan for 15 minutes while turkey roasts, then roast vegetables underneath turkey.) Trim and peel kohlrabi, then cut into 3/4-inch pieces. Toss kohlrabi with 1 tablespoon oil, 1 teaspoon thyme, 1/4 teaspoon salt, and 3/4 teaspoon pepper in a bowl. Transfer kohlrabi to preheated pan in oven and roast 15 minutes. Meanwhile, peel butternut squash, then quarter lengthwise, seed, and cut into 3/4-inch pieces. Toss squash with remaining 1 tablespoon oil, 1 <END>
INPUT: loose beets, Zest lemon, lemon thyme regular, Salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Beets with Lemon and Thyme | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 pounds loose beets; Zest of 1 lemon; 1 bunch fresh lemon thyme or regular thyme, leaves picked and roughly chopped; Salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Boil the beets, skin on, until fork penetrates easily. Cool beets under cold water, and refrigerate for at least 2 hours. Slip peel off beets using gloves or kitchen towel. Using a mandoline with julienne attachment or slicing by hand, cut beets to desired shape and size. Add the lemon zest, thyme, and salt to taste. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, salsa, plum tomatoes, onion, Olive oil, Kosher salt pepper, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cod with Roasted Tomato Salsa | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 6 plum tomatoes, sliced into quarter wedges; 1/2 red onion, sliced into quarters; Olive oil; Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper; 7 cloves garlic; 1 jalapeno, sliced in half and seeds removed; 3 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro; Juice of 1 lime; 4 (5-ounce) center-cut cod filets, skinned | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F. Add the tomatoes and red onion to a bowl and drizzle with oil. Season with salt and pepper. Add to a greased baking sheet. Add the garlic to a square of tinfoil, drizzle with olive oil and seal. Place on the sheet tray and roast for 25 minutes, until charred and tender. Remove from oven and let cool for a few minutes. Add the vegetables and garlic to a food processor along with jalapeno, cilantro and lime juice; pulse until chunky. Taste for seasoning and season with salt and pepper, if necessary. Add 1 tablespoon olive oil to a large nonstick skillet over me <END>
INPUT: martini, vodka, triple sec flavored, blood orange juice, blood orange
OUTPUT: TITLE: Blood Orange Martini | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 ounces vodka; 1/2 ounce triple sec or flavored orange liqueur; 2 ounces blood orange juice; 2 blood orange slices | INSTRUCTIONS: In a martini shaker combine all ingredients except the orange slices with a generous amount of ice. Shake vigorously for a few seconds. Strain the libation from the ice into a martini glass. Garnish with the orange slices. <END>
INPUT: chicken, Salt pepper, butter, olive oil, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken in Vinegar | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 whole chicken (3 1/2 pounds/1.6 kg), cut into 8 pieces; Salt and freshly ground pepper; 1 tablespoon butter, plus another tablespoon for finishing; 1 tablespoon olive oil; 6 cloves garlic, peeled; 1 cup/250 ml white wine vinegar; 1 cup/250 ml chicken stock; 1 tablespoon tomato paste; 4 medium tomatoes, roughly chopped; 1 bay leaf; 1 large fresh thyme sprig; 2 good handfuls chopped fresh parsley | INSTRUCTIONS: Sprinkle the chicken pieces with salt and pepper. Melt the butter and olive oil in a saute pan and brown the chicken, a few pieces at a time. You're not cooking the chicken here, just making the skin crisp and giving it color and flavor. Five minutes per side is about right. Remove the chicken to a dish. Add the garlic and cook for 5 minutes. Deglaze the pan with the vinegar and boil down by half, about 10 minutes. Return the chicken to the pan, and pour in the stock. Add the tomato paste, tomatoes, bay leaf and thyme. Simmer, uncovered, until the chicken is cooked, about 30 minutes. Remove th <END>
INPUT: Indian, tandoori, Juice lemon, Kosher salt, plain yogurt, vegetable oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken Tandoori | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 8 skinless, boneless chicken thighs (about 2 1/2 pounds); Juice of 1 lemon; Kosher salt; 1/2 cup plus 2 tablespoons plain yogurt; 1 tablespoon vegetable oil; 1/2 small red onion, roughly chopped; 3 cloves garlic, smashed; 1 2 -inch piece ginger, peeled and roughly chopped; 4 teaspoons tomato paste; 2 teaspoons ground coriander; 1 1/2 teaspoons ground cumin; 1 3/4 teaspoons hot paprika; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro; Cooked rice, for serving (optional) | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the broiler. Make shallow cuts in the chicken thighs with a sharp knife. Toss the chicken with the lemon juice and 1 1/2 teaspoons salt in a large bowl. Pulse 2 tablespoons yogurt, the vegetable oil, onion, garlic, ginger, tomato paste, coriander, cumin, 11/2 teaspoons paprika and 1/2 teaspoon salt in a food processor to make a paste. Toss the chicken in the mixture and let marinate 15 minutes. Place the chicken on a foil-lined broiler pan. Broil, turning once, until slightly charred and a thermometer inserted into the center registers 165 degrees F, 5 to 6 minutes per side. Meanwhile, <END>
INPUT: Mexican, wine, Worcestershire sauce, chipotle chiles adobo, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Baked Shrimp in Chipotle Sauce | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 stick (1/4 cup) unsalted butter; 1/4 cup dry red wine; 1 1/2 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce; 1 to 2 canned chipotle chiles in adobo, minced, plus 2 to 3 teaspoons adobo sauce; 1 large garlic clove, minced; 1 1/2 teaspoons salt; 1 1/2 pounds medium shrimp (not shelled); Accompaniment: baguette | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 400 degrees. Melt butter in a saucepan and stir in wine, Worcestershire sauce, chipotles, adobo sauce, garlic, and salt. Toss shrimp with sauce in a large shallow baking dish and bake in middle of oven until shrimp are just cooked through, 10 to 12 minutes. Cooks' note: Shrimp with heads on may be used in this recipe - you'll need 1 pound. <END>
INPUT: American, leaf, wrapped, grape leaves, round piece goat, virgin olive oil, rosemary, pepper flakes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Grape Leaf-Wrapped Goat Cheese | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 6 to 8 grape leaves (sold in a jar), drained, rinsed and patted dry; 1 3/4-to-1-pound round piece goat cheese, such as bucheron, at room temperature (or 2 smaller pieces, stacked); 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil, plus more for brushing; 2 sprigs fresh rosemary; Pinch of red pepper flakes; Kosher salt; Crusty bread, for serving | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat a grill to medium high. Wrap the grape leaves around the cheese to cover it completely; tie with kitchen twine. Brush the wrapped cheese with olive oil and grill, turning once, until the leaves begin to char and the cheese is soft, 5 to 8 minutes. Meanwhile, mix 1/4 cup olive oil, the rosemary, red pepper flakes and salt to taste in a bowl. Transfer the warm cheese to a serving plate, pour the oil on top and remove the twine. Serve with bread. Photograph by Con Poulos <END>
INPUT: American, casserole, virgin olive oil, butter, button mushrooms, all purpose flour, chicken stock
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cream of Mushroom Casserole | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil, 1 turn of the pan; 2 tablespoons butter; 12 button mushrooms, brushed off with damp towel and chopped; 2 tablespoons all-purpose flour; 1 cup chicken stock; 1 cup whole milk or cream; 1/8 teaspoon nutmeg, freshly grated or ground; Salt and pepper; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, 2 turns of the pan; 1 shallot, thinly sliced; 2 portobello mushroom caps, halved and thinly sliced; 1/2 pound fresh mixed wild mushrooms, shitakes, oyster, woodear, your pick, stems trimmed and caps thinly sliced; 1 tablespoon fresh thyme, 4 sprigs, finely chopped; Salt and pepper; 1/3 cup dry white wine, eyeball it or, more stock | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring a large pot of water to a boil for the egg noodles. Heat a medium sauce pot over medium heat. Add extra-virgin olive oil, 1 turn of the pan, about 1 tablespoon, and 2 tablespoons butter. When butter melts, add in chopped button mushrooms and cook 5 minutes, until just tender. Sprinkle in a couple of tablespoons flour and cook 1 minute. Whisk in chicken stock and bring to a bubble then stir in the whole milk or cream. Reduce heat to low and gently simmer. Season the sauce with nutmeg, salt and pepper. Heat a nonstick skillet over medium-high heat. Add 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, <END>
INPUT: pork chops shallots, olive oil wine, Salt chicken stock, Pepper butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pork Chops | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 pork chops 2 shallots, minced; 2 tablespoons olive oil 1/2 cup white wine; Salt 1/2 cup chicken stock; Pepper 1 tablespoon cold butter | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Season pork chops liberally with salt and pepper. Heat oil in large skillet and brown pork chops on both sides. Remove chops to a baking dish, cover with foil and bake for 20 minutes. Add shallots to skillet and cook for 1 minute. Add white wine and simmer until it becomes syrupy. Add chicken stock and season with salt and pepper. Return to a simmer and finish with tablespoon of cold butter. <END>
INPUT: milk, onion, bay leaf, thyme, unsalted butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cauliflower Gratin | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 1/2 cups milk; 1/4 small onion, studded with 1 clove; 1 small bay leaf; 1 small sprig fresh thyme; 5 tablespoons unsalted butter, divided; 3 1/2 tablespoons all-purpose flour; 1 head cauliflower, trimmed and cut into 1 1/2-inch florets (about 7 1/2 cups); 1 teaspoon kosher salt, plus more as needed; 1 generous cup finely grated Gruyere cheese (about 3 ounces); 1 teaspoon Cognac or brandy; Pinch of cayenne; 4 gratings of fresh nutmeg; 1 cup fresh bread crumbs; 1 tablespoon minced fresh flat-leaf parsley | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 400 F. Butter a 1 1/2 quart gratin dish and set it aside. Make the sauce. In medium sauce pan, heat the milk with the onion, bay leaf, and thyme to just below the boiling point. Set aside. In another medium pan, melt 2 tablespoons of the butter over medium heat, and then sift in the flour. Cook the mixture, stirring constantly with a wooden spoon in a figure-8 motion, until it lightens in color, about 2 minutes. Remove from the heat and cool slightly. Gradually whisk the milk mixture into the flour mixture. Bring to a boil over medium high heat, whisking to prevent lumps. Reduc <END>
INPUT: Asian, salad, soy sauce, olive oil, honey, sesame oil, seasoned rice vinegar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Soba Noodle Salad with Grilled Plums | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 5 tablespoons soy sauce; 3 tablespoons olive oil; 2 tablespoons honey; 2 tablespoons toasted sesame oil; 2 tablespoons seasoned rice vinegar; 1/4 cup scallions, sliced thin on the bias; 1 tablespoon grated fresh ginger; 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 4 red plums, pitted and quartered; 1 tablespoon canola oil, plus more for oiling the grill; 3 tablespoons sugar; 1 pound soba noodles; 2 cups finely sliced Napa cabbage; 1 cup fresh shiitake mushrooms, stemmed and thinly sliced; 1 large carrot, washed, peeled and julienned | INSTRUCTIONS: For the honey-sesame vinaigrette: In a medium mixing bowl, combine the soy sauce, olive oil, honey, sesame oil, rice vinegar, scallions, ginger and black pepper. Mix well to combine. Cover and set aside for 30 minutes. For the grilled red plums: Preheat a grill or grill pan to medium-high heat. Place the quartered plums in a small mixing bowl and toss with the canola oil. Sprinkle the plums with the sugar. Scrape and oil the grill grates. Place the plums on the grill, flesh side down, and grill until caramelized and slightly charred on both sides, about 10 minutes total. Remove the plums to a  <END>
INPUT: American, sandwiches, tomatoes, basil, wine vinegar, eggplant, Olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Eggplant, Tomato and Goat Cheese Sandwiches | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cups chopped seeded tomatoes; 1/4 cup chopped fresh basil; 2 teaspoons red wine vinegar; 1 large eggplant, cut lengthwise into 1/2-inch-thick slices; Olive oil; 6 large 1/2-inch-thick slices country-style French bread; 9 ounces soft mild goat cheese (such as Montrachet) | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine chopped tomatoes, chopped fresh basil and red wine vinegar in small bowl. Season mixture to taste with salt and pepper. Set aside. Prepare barbecue (medium-high heat) or preheat broiler. Brush 6 largest eggplant slices lightly with olive oil (reserve remaining eggplant for another use.) Brush bread lightly with olive oil. Grill eggplant and bread until golden, about 4 minutes per side for eggplant and 2 minutes per side for bread. Arrange bread slices on plates. Spread goat cheese over, dividing evenly. Top with eggplant slices. Season with salt and pepper. Using slotted spoon, mound t <END>
INPUT: butter, sage leaves, lemon, Salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Butterflied Cornish Hens with Sage Butter | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 (1 3/4-pound) Cornish game hens, butterflied; 1 stick butter, softened; 5 to 7 sage leaves, finely chopped; 1 lemon, zested; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; Olive oil, for sauteing; 4 strips bacon, chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat oven to 425 degrees F. Place hens on a sheet tray fitted with a cooling rack in the refrigerator to dry skin out for 1 hour. Meanwhile, in a small pan over medium heat, melt butter with sage, zest, salt and pepper. Remove hens from refrigerator. Preheat 2 large saute pans over medium heat, lightly coat with oil. Season hens with salt and pepper and sear, skin side down, in the pans. Sear until skin caramelizes and turns golden brown and crispy, about 7 to 10 minutes. Flip birds over, and baste with sage butter. Sprinkle tops with chopped bacon and place i <END>
INPUT: panini, mayonnaise, capers, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Artichoke and Eggplant Panini | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 (6 1/2-ounces) jar marinated artichokes, drained and chopped; 2 tablespoons mayonnaise; 1 tablespoon drained capers; 1 small garlic clove; 1 (3/4-pound) eggplant; 5 tablespoons olive oil, divided; 1 (1-pound) round loaf Italian bread, 8 (1/3-inch-thick) slices cut from middle; 1/4 pound Fontina (preferably Italian), thinly sliced | INSTRUCTIONS: Prepare a gas grill for direct-heat cooking over medium-high heat; see grilling procedure . Pulse artichokes, mayonnaise, capers, and garlic in a food processor until coarsely chopped. Trim off a thin slice from 2 opposite long sides of eggplant, then cut eggplant lengthwise into 4 (1/3-inch-thick) slices. Brush both sides of slices with 2 tablespoons oil (total) and season with 1/4 teaspoon each of salt and pepper. Grill eggplant slices, covered, turning once and brushing grilled sides with 1 tablespoon oil (total), until golden-brown and tender, about 4 minutes, then transfer to a tray. Brus <END>
INPUT: Mexican, slow, cooker, onions, virgin olive oil, carrots, garlic, all purpose flour
OUTPUT: TITLE: Slow-Cooker Black-Bean Soup with Turkey | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2 red onions, halved; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 3 medium carrots, cut into large chunks; 4 cloves garlic, smashed; 1 tablespoon all-purpose flour; 1 pound dried black turtle beans, picked over, rinsed and drained; 1 smoked turkey drumstick (1 3/4 to 2 pounds); 2 tablespoons pickling spice, tied in cheesecloth; 3/4 teaspoon red pepper flakes; Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper; 1/2 cup chopped fresh cilantro; Sour cream and/or lime wedges, for garnish (optional) | INSTRUCTIONS: Set aside half an onion and chop the rest. Heat the olive oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Add the chopped onions, carrots and garlic; sprinkle with the flour and cook, stirring, until slightly browned, 5 minutes. Add 2 tablespoons water and scrape up any browned bits from the pan. Transfer the vegetables and cooking liquid to a slow cooker. Add the beans, turkey drumstick, pickling-spice packet, red pepper flakes and 8 cups water. Cover and cook on low 6 hours. Remove the drumstick and shred the meat; keep warm. Remove about 2 cups beans from the cooker and blend until smooth (or <END>
INPUT: crabmeat, pepper capsicum, flat leaf parsley, snipped chives, reduced fat mayonnaise
OUTPUT: TITLE: Baked Crab Dip | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 oz/170 g fresh crabmeat, well drained; 1/2 cup/75 g diced red pepper/capsicum; 1/2 cup/25 g finely chopped fresh flat-leaf parsley; 3 tbsp snipped fresh chives; 1/2 cup/120 ml reduced-fat mayonnaise; 4 oz/115 g whipped cream cheese; 1 1/2 tbsp fresh lemon juice; 1/2 tsp hot sauce, such as Tabasco; 1/4 cup/20 g panko (Japanese bread crumbs); 1/2 tsp grated lemon zest; 1 Crostini, Baked Pita Chips, Baked Wonton Crisps, baked potato chips | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. Place the crabmeat in a medium bowl and flake with your fingers. Stir in the bell pepper/capsicum, parsley, and chives. Using a rubber spatula, gently stir in the mayonnaise, cream cheese, lemon juice, and hot sauce. Transfer to a 1-qt/1-L shallow baking dish. In a small bowl, combine the panko and lemon zest. 2. Position a rack in the upper third of the oven and preheat the oven to 425°F/220°C/gas 7. Just before baking, sprinkle the panko mixture on top and bake until the panko is toasty brown and the dip is bubbling at the edges, about 12 minutes. Serve hot. 1. Place the crabmeat in a med <END>
INPUT: pretzel, sticks, packet yeast, honey, water, wheat flour, all purpose flour
OUTPUT: TITLE: Honey Whole-Wheat Pretzel Sticks | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 packet instant yeast (2 1/4 teaspoons); 3 tablespoons honey; 1 1/2 cups warm water; 2 1/4 cups whole-wheat flour; 2 1/2 cups all-purpose flour, plus more, if necessary; 1 tablespoon plus 2 teaspoons kosher salt; 2 tablespoons canola oil; 1 egg; 1 teaspoon water; 1 tablespoon sesame seeds | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Combine yeast, honey and warm water in the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment. Let sit for 5 or 6 minutes, or until mixture begins to foam. While yeast mixture is sitting, combine whole-wheat flour, all purpose flour and 2 teaspoons salt in a bowl and whisk to combine. Add flour mixture and oil to yeast mixture and mix on low speed until just incorporated and dough begins to form. Switch to dough hook and mix on low to medium speed for 2 to 3 minutes, or until dough is smooth but still pliable. If the dough is very sticky, add all-purpose <END>
INPUT: Italian, calabrese, Vegetable oil, eggplant, virgin olive oil, pecorino cheese, plain breadcrumbs
OUTPUT: TITLE: Calabrese Fried Eggplant | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: Vegetable oil cooking spray; One 1-pound eggplant, ends trimmed, halved lengthwise; 1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil; 1 cup grated pecorino cheese; 1/2 cup plain breadcrumbs, plus extra, as needed; 1/4 cup chopped fresh basil leaves; 1 large egg, beaten; 2 cloves garlic, minced; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh flat-leaf parsley; 2 cups jarred marinara or tomato-basil sauce; 3/4 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes; Vegetable oil, for frying; 1/2 cup grated pecorino cheese | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. For the eggplant: Place an oven rack in the center of the oven. Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Spray a small baking sheet or a 9-by-13-inch glass or ceramic baking dish with vegetable oil cooking spray. Place the eggplant, cut-side up, on the prepared baking sheet. Make 1/2-inch-deep slits over the surface of the eggplant halves using a paring knife. Drizzle with the olive oil and bake until golden and tender, 40 to 45 minutes. Cool for 10 minutes. For the filling: Scoop out 1 cup of flesh from the eggplant, using a spoon, and place in a food processor. Blend <END>
INPUT: gougeres, pulp, kosher salt, all purpose flour, eggs, sharp cheddar
OUTPUT: TITLE: White Cheddar Gougeres, Apple Pulp, Prosciutto and Sage | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup (1 stick) unsalted butter; 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt; 1 cup all-purpose flour; 4 large eggs; 1 cup grated sharp white cheddar; 6 honey crisp apples; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1/4 teaspoon ground allspice; 1/4 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1/4 teaspoon ground cardamom; Pinch of ground cloves; 1 tablespoon orange blossom honey; Juice of 1 lemon; Extra-virgin olive oil, for frying, plus more for topping; 1 bunch sage, leaves only | INSTRUCTIONS: Prepare the gougeres: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F and line 2 baking sheets with parchment paper or silicone mats. In a large saucepan, combine the butter, salt and 1 cup water. Stir over high heat until the butter melts completely, then remove the pan from the heat and add all the flour at once. Stir vigorously with a wooden spoon until smooth, then transfer to a mixer fitted with a paddle attachment. Beat on medium speed and add the eggs one at a time, ensuring each egg is fully incorporated before adding the next. Beat in the grated cheese. Transfer the dough to a pastry bag, or use 2  <END>
INPUT: American, fiesta, Cook's® Ham Steak, Jalapeno Pepper Jelly, garlic, cilantro
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fiesta Grilled Ham Steak | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 Cook's® Bone-in Thick-Cut Ham Steak (about 2 pounds); 1 jar 10-ounces Jalapeno Pepper Jelly (about 3/4 cup); 2 cloves garlic, minced; 1/4 cup chopped fresh cilantro | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. Prepare grill for medium heat. 2. Combine jelly and garlic in small saucepan; cook over medium heat 2 minutes, or until jelly is completely melted, stirring occasionally. Remove from heat. (Or, combine in small microwavable bowl. Microwave on HIGH 1 minute, or until jelly is melted.) Stir in cilantro. Reserve 1/4 cup jelly mixture; set aside. 3. Grill ham steak 5 minutes; turn over. Brush with half of the remaining jelly mixture; continue grilling 10 minutes, until ham reaches an internal temperature of 160 degrees F when tested in center with meat thermometer, turning ham steak over and br <END>
INPUT: Indian, tandoori, rotisserie, onion, garlic, ginger, saffron threads, lime juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tandoori Marinated Cornish Hens on the Rotisserie | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 1 medium yellow onion, coarsely chopped; 6 cloves garlic, coarsely chopped; 1-inch fresh ginger, peeled and coarsely chopped; 1 teaspoon saffron threads; 1/4 cup fresh lime juice; 16 ounces plain yogurt, drained through a strainer lined with cheesecloth for 2 hours; 2 teaspoons kosher salt; 1 teaspoon coriander; 1 teaspoon ground cumin; 2 teaspoons cayenne; 1 teaspoon turmeric; 1/2 teaspoon ground white pepper; 4 cornish hens; Thinly sliced white onion; Fresh cilantro sprigs | INSTRUCTIONS: Place onion, garlic, ginger, saffron, lime juice, yogurt and the remaining spices in a bowl. Stir to combine. Place the hens in a baking dish and rub the entire hen, including the cavity with the marinade. Cover the hens and let marinate in the refrigerator for at least 4 hours and up to 24 hours. Preheat the grill to high. Skewer the hens on the rotisserie and grill for approximately 1 1/4 hours or until cooked through. Place the sliced onions in a bowl of ice water, cover and refrigerate while the hens are grilling. Right before serving, remove the onions from the water and pat dry. Half the <END>
INPUT: citrus, wrapped, pkg, flaked almonds, Zest lemon, Zest orange, Zest lime
OUTPUT: TITLE: Citrus and Almond Prawns Wrapped in Knafe Pastry | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pkg (1 lb) knafe dough, defrosted; 1 cup toasted flaked almonds; Zest of 1 lemon; Zest of 1 orange; Zest of 1 lime; Salt and pepper; 20 medium fresh prawns, shelled, cleaned and butterflied with tails intact; Peanut oil for deep-frying | INSTRUCTIONS: Spread the knafe dough on a working surface and cover with a damp cloth. In a small bowl, mix the almonds with the lemon, orange and lime zests. Season the prawn with salt and pepper and open the backs. Take a pinch of the almond mixture and place in the open area of the prawn. Close together to encase the filling and continue until all prawns are filled. Take a few strands of the knafe pastry dough, lay them down flat and spread away from you. Place a filled prawn at the end closest to you and roll the dough around the prawn, ensuring the filling does not come out. Leave the tails exposed. It <END>
INPUT: frozen, vacherin, vegetable oil, egg whites, cream tartar, salt, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Frozen Vacherin Torte with Rhubarb Cream and Strawberries | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Nonstick vegetable oil spray; 6 large egg whites; 1/4 teaspoon cream of tartar; Pinch of salt; 1 cup sugar; 1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract; 2 cups 1/2-inch pieces fresh rhubarb (from about 1 pound); 3/4 cup halved hulled strawberries; 1/2 cup plus 1/3 cup sugar; 1/4 cup water; 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 5 large egg yolks; 1 cup chilled whipping cream; 1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract; Sweetened strawberries (optional) | INSTRUCTIONS: For meringues: Position racks in top third and center of oven and preheat to 250°F. Using 8-inch-diameter bowl or plate as guide, firmly trace 2 circles onto 1 sheet of parchment paper and 1 circle onto second sheet of parchment. Place papers, marked side down, on 2 baking sheets. Spray paper with nonstick spray. Using electric mixer, beat egg whites in large bowl until frothy. Add cream of tartar and salt; beat until soft peaks form. Beat in sugar, 1 tablespoon at a time, then beat until whites are stiff and glossy. Beat in vanilla. Working in batches, spoon meringue into large pastry bag fit <END>
INPUT: olive oil, thyme, caraway seeds, wedges onion, wedges cabbage
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Sausages, Apples, and Cabbage with Caraway | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons olive oil; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh thyme; 1/2 teaspoon caraway seeds; 4 1-inch-thick wedges red onion; 2 1-inch-thick wedges red cabbage; 2 small apples (such as Pink Lady or Granny Smith), quartered, cored; 1 1/2 teaspoons balsamic vinegar, divided; 3 assorted fully cooked smoked sausages | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 450°F. Mix oil, thyme, and caraway seeds in small bowl. Arrange onion, cabbage, and apples on heavy large baking sheet. Drizzle oil mixture over. Sprinkle generously with salt and pepper. Drizzle 3/4 teaspoon vinegar over cabbage and onion. Roast 10 minutes. Add sausages to baking sheet; cook until sausages brown and cabbage is crisp-tender, turning once, about 15 minutes longer. Cut sausages diagonally in half. Transfer sausages, onion, cabbage, and apple to platter. Drizzle remaining vinegar over cabbage and onion and serve. Preheat oven to 450°F. Mix oil, thyme, and caraway  <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, spiced, reduced sodium chicken, salt, plain couscous, virgin olive oil, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Couscous with Spiced Zucchini | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup reduced-sodium chicken broth; 1 teaspoon salt; 3/4 cup plain couscous; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1 medium onion, chopped; 1 garlic clove, finely chopped; 1 lb zucchini, cut into 1/2-inch cubes; 3/4 teaspoon ground coriander; 1/2 teaspoon chili powder; 1/4 teaspoon ground cumin; 1/4 teaspoon black pepper; 1/4 cup chopped fresh mint; 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring broth with 1/4 teaspoon salt just to a boil in a small saucepan, then pour over couscous in a bowl and let stand, covered, 5 minutes. Fluff with a fork and set aside until ready to use. Meanwhile, heat oil in a 10-inch heavy skillet over moderately high heat until hot but not smoking, then sauté onion with 1/4 teaspoon salt, stirring occasionally, until golden, about 6 minutes. Add garlic and sauté, stirring, until fragrant, about 1 minute. Add zucchini and remaining 1/2 teaspoon salt and sauté, stirring occasionally, until just tender, about 5 minutes. Reduce heat to moderately low, the <END>
INPUT: knishes, all purpose flour, virgin olive oil, Kosher salt, seltzer, apple cider vinegar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Potato-Kasha Knishes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cups all-purpose flour, plus more for dusting; 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, plus more for brushing; Kosher salt; 1/4 cup plus 2 tablespoons cold seltzer; 2 teaspoons apple cider vinegar; 1 1/2 pounds russet potatoes, peeled and quartered; Kosher salt; 4 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1 1/2 pounds Spanish onions, diced; 1 clove garlic, smashed; 1 cup whole or coarse kasha (roasted buckwheat groats; available in the bulk aisle or near the dried beans); Freshly ground pepper; Spicy mustard, for serving | INSTRUCTIONS: Start with our step-by-step knish how-to. Make the dough: Put the flour in a food processor, then pulse as you pour the olive oil through the feed tube. Scrape down the sides of the processor and pulse again. Dissolve 1 teaspoon salt in the seltzer and vinegar in a liquid measuring cup. Pulse as you pour the liquid through the feed tube, 20 to 30 seconds. Turn the dough out onto a floured surface and knead until smooth. Flatten into an even disk, wrap in plastic wrap and refrigerate at least 2 hours. Make the filling: Put the potatoes in a saucepan, cover with water and season with salt. Simme <END>
INPUT: Italian, meatballs, beef, pork, eggs, Italian style breadcrumbs, oregano
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mom's Spaghetti and Meatballs | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound ground beef; 1 pound ground pork; 2 eggs, lightly beaten; 1 cup Italian-style dried breadcrumbs; 1/2 teaspoon dried oregano; 8 cloves garlic, half grated or minced, the other half sliced; 1/4 cup finely grated Pecorino Romano, plus more for garnish; 1 1/4 teaspoons kosher salt; Freshly ground black pepper; 1/2 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 1 yellow onion, finely chopped; 1 cup dry white wine; Two 26.5-ounce boxes strained tomatoes, such as Pomi; 4 fresh basil leaves, torn, plus torn leaves for garnish; 2 pounds spaghetti | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine the beef, pork, eggs, breadcrumbs, dried oregano, grated garlic, Pecorino Romano, 1/2 teaspoon of the salt and pepper to taste in a large bowl. Using your hands, thoroughly mix the ingredients together until evenly incorporated. Roll into meatballs slightly larger than golf balls, setting them on baking sheets as you work. Heat the oil over medium heat in a large Dutch oven until it shimmers. Working in batches and taking care not to crowd the pan, saute the meatballs, turning frequently, until browned on all sides, about 5 minutes. Using a slotted spoon, transfer from the pan back to  <END>
INPUT: unsalted butter, almonds, snow peas, shallot, lemon juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Snow Peas with Toasted Almonds | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon unsalted butter; 1/4 cup sliced almonds; 1/2 pound snow peas, trimmed; 2 teaspoons minced shallot; 1 teaspoon fresh lemon juice | INSTRUCTIONS: Melt butter in medium skillet over medium heat. Add almonds and cook until golden and fragrant and butter begins to brown, stirring frequently, about 11/2 minutes. Add snow peas and shallot; sauté until snow peas are crisp-tender, 1 1/2 to 2 minutes. Remove skillet from heat; add lemon juice. Season to taste with salt and serve. Melt butter in medium skillet over medium heat. Add almonds and cook until golden and fragrant and butter begins to brown, stirring frequently, about 11/2 minutes. Add snow peas and shallot; sauté until snow peas are crisp-tender, 1 1/2 to 2 minutes. Remove skillet fro <END>
INPUT: American, cheese, buffalo, all purpose flour, cayenne pepper, paprika, salt, cumin
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mac and Cheese with Buffalo Chicken | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 1/4 cups all purpose flour; 1 1/2 tablespoons cayenne pepper; 1 1/2 tablespoons paprika; 1 1/2 tablespoons salt; 1 1/2 tablespoons ground cumin; 1 1/2 tablespoons ground coriander; 2 cups whole milk; 3 large eggs, beaten to blend; 4 cups cornflakes, ground to crumbs in processor; 1 pound chicken cutlets, cut crosswise into 1-inch-wide strips; Canola oil (for deep-frying); 1 pound small elbow macaroni; 2 cups chopped green onions (about 8 large); 2 tablespoons chopped fresh oregano; 8 tablespoons (1 stick) butter, divided | INSTRUCTIONS: For chicken: Whisk first 6 ingredients in deep medium bowl to blend. Place milk in second bowl, eggs in third bowl, and ground cornflakes in fourth bowl. Working with 4 chicken strips at a time, place in flour mixture and toss to coat. Dip same chicken strips into milk, then eggs, then cornflake crumbs, coating with each; arrange on sheet of foil. Pour oil into heavy medium saucepan to depth of 2 inches. Attach deep-fry thermometer to side of pan; heat oil to 335°F to 350°F. Working in batches, add coated chicken strips to hot oil and fry until golden and cooked through, turning occasionally,  <END>
INPUT: sliders, beans, olive oil, garlic powder, Kosher salt pepper, beef
OUTPUT: TITLE: Beef and Black Bean Sliders | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup cooked black beans; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1 teaspoon garlic powder; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1/2 pound ground beef; 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard; 8 mini-hamburger buns; Grilled Crunchy Coleslaw, recipe follows; 1/2 head red cabbage, cut into 4 wedges, leaving core intact so wedges hold together; 2 tablespoons canola or vegetable oil; 1 tablespoon sugar; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 teaspoon finely grated orange zest; 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard; 1 tablespoon fresh orange juice | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the grill. In a medium bowl, mash the black beans, 1 tablespoon olive oil, and garlic powder with a potato masher or fork until very creamy. Gently mix the black bean mixture with the ground beef. Season the mixture liberally with salt and pepper. Divide the mixture into 8 equally portioned thin patties. Using a pastry brush, lightly coat the outside of the patties with mustard. Lightly brush the grill with the oil and place the burgers on the hot grill. Cook the burgers until a golden crust is formed, about 1 to 2 minutes per side. Slice the mini buns in <END>
INPUT: Italian, flavored, popped popcorn, basil infused olive, grey salt, pepper, Parmesan
OUTPUT: TITLE: Basil-Parmesan Flavored Popcorn | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 3 cups popped popcorn, recipe follows; 1/4 cup basil infused olive oil; 2 tablespoons grey salt; Freshly ground black pepper; 1/2 cup freshly grated Parmesan; 1/4 cup olive oil; 1 1/2 cups popcorn | INSTRUCTIONS: Drizzle basil infused oil over the popcorn. Grind grey salt in a spice grinder (a coffee grinder also works well for this purpose) until fine ¿ it will stick to the popcorn more evenly if the crystals are smaller. Add black pepper, then grate parmesan over the popcorn.; Preheat a large cast iron Dutch oven on a stovetop over high heat. Add olive oil, then popcorn. As soon as it begins to pop, cover and turn down to medium heat until sound of popping stops, about 3 to 4 minutes. <END>
INPUT: American, angel, egg whites at, salt, cream tartar, sugar, flake coconut
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grapefruit and Coconut Angel Pie | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 4 large egg whites at room temperature; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 1/4 teaspoon cream of tartar; 1 cup sugar; 1 cup sweetened flake coconut; 1 envelope (about 1 tablespoon) unflavored gelatin; 3/4 cup strained fresh grapefruit juice; 4 large egg yolks; 1/2 cup sugar; 8 ounces cream cheese, softened; 1 cup well-chilled heavy cream; 2 cups fresh grapefruit sections (cut from about 3 large grapefruit), cut into 1/2-inch pieces and drained well; fresh grapefruit sections for garnish if desired | INSTRUCTIONS: Make the shell: In a bowl with an electric mixer beat the egg whites with the salt until they are foamy, beat in the cream of tartar, and beat the whites until they hold soft peaks. Beat in the sugar, a little at a time, beat the meringue for 5 to 7 minutes, or until it is stiff and glossy and the sugar is dissolved, and fold in the coconut. Drop heaping tablespoons of the meringue evenly around the edge of a well-butter 9-inch (1-quart) pie plate, spreading the meringue with the back of the spoon to form the side of the shell, and spread the remaining meringue evenly over the bottom of the pi <END>
INPUT: French, salad, dressing, wine, honey, Dijon mustard, canola oil, thyme
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Quail Salad with Honey-Dijon Dressing | CUISINE: French | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup dry red wine; 2 tablespoons honey; 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard; 2 tablespoons canola oil; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh thyme; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/2 teaspoon ground black pepper; 4 3 1/2- to 4-ounce quail, cut lengthwise in half; 1/4 cup canola oil; 1/4 cup unseasoned rice vinegar; 1 tablespoon Asian sesame oil; 2 teaspoons honey; 2 teaspoons Dijon mustard; 1 1/2 teaspoons minced peeled fresh ginger; 1 5-ounce package mixed greens | INSTRUCTIONS: For quail: Whisk first 7 ingredients in bowl. Add quail; cover and chill overnight. Whisk first 7 ingredients in bowl. Add quail; cover and chill overnight. For salad: Whisk first 6 ingredients in small bowl. Season dressing with salt and pepper. DO AHEAD: Can be made 1 day ahead. Cover and chill. Prepare barbecue (medium-high heat). Grill quail until brown and cooked through, about 6 minutes per side. Place greens, carrot ribbons, pine nuts, and sesame seeds in large bowl. Reserve 3 tablespoons dressing. Pour remaining dressing over salad; toss to coat. Season salad with salt and pepper. Divi <END>
INPUT: bloody, marys, tomatoes, proof vodka, cherry grape tomatoes, hot sauce, Worcestershire sauce
OUTPUT: TITLE: Bloody Marys with Tomato Vodka | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound ripe tomatoes; 1 750-ml bottle 80-proof vodka; 1 3/4 pounds cherry or grape tomatoes, rinsed and dried; 2 teaspoons hot sauce; 2 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce; 1 to 3 tablespoons freshly squeezed lemon juice, to taste; Kosher salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Make the tomato vodka: Cut each of the tomatoes into 8 pieces and put them in a large glass jar. Add the vodka, stir to combine and cover. Put in a cool, dark place for at least 5 days and up to 7 days, stirring every day. After 5 to 7 days, strain through a fine-mesh strainer and discard the solids. To store, pour the tomato vodka back into its original bottle and keep in a cool, dark place. Make the Bloody Marys: Put the cherry tomatoes, hot sauce, Worcestershire sauce, lemon juice and 1/2 teaspoon salt in a blender, cover and blend on high speed for 1 1/2 minutes. Fill an ice cube tray with <END>
INPUT: Mexican, salad, garlic, onion, corn, water, cumin
OUTPUT: TITLE: Rice, Bean, and Corn Salad | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 garlic clove; 1 onion; 1 ear corn; 3/4 cup water; 1 teaspoon ground cumin; 1/2 teaspoon ground coriander seeds; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 1/3 cup long-grain rice (not converted); 3/4 cup drained canned black beans; 3 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro leaves; 1 tablespoon fresh lime juice | INSTRUCTIONS: Mince garlic and finely chop enough onion to measure 1/2 cup. Cut enough kernels from cob to measure 3/4 cup. In a small heavy saucepan with a tight-fitting lid bring water to a boil with garlic, onion, cumin, coriander seeds, and salt. Stir in rice and cook, covered, over low heat 15 minutes. Stir in corn and cook, covered, 3 minutes, or until water is absorbed and rice is just tender. Fluff mixture with a fork and transfer to a large bowl to cool completely. Rinse and drain black beans. Stir cilantro into rice with beans, lime juice, and salt and pepper to taste. Mince garlic and finely chop <END>
INPUT: boneless, all purpose flour, virgin olive oil, onion, Kosher salt, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sausage and Mushroom Stuffed Boneless Turkey Breast | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons all-purpose flour; Extra-virgin olive oil; 2 large onion, cut into 1/2-inch dice; Kosher salt; 2 cloves garlic, smashed and finely chopped; 1 pound shiitake mushrooms, stemmed and julienned; 1/2 bunch sage, leaves finely chopped; 1 pound bulk Italian sausage, crumbled; 1 turkey breast, removed from the bone, about 4 pounds; 2 cups bread crumbs; 1/2 cup grated Parmigiano-Reggiano; 2 eggs; 1/2 cup water; 1 1/2 pounds caul fat; 1 1/2 pounds sliced bacon | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Coat a large saute pan, over medium-high heat, with olive oil, add in half of the diced onion, season with salt, to taste. Cook the onions, stirring occasionally, until they are soft and very aromatic, about 8 to 10 minutes. Add the garlic and cook for another 2 to 3 minutes. Toss in the mushrooms and sage, season with salt, to taste. Cook until they are soft and wilted, about 5 to 7 minutes. Stir in the sausage and use a large kitchen spoon to chop up the sausage. Cook until the sausage is brown and a little crispy, about 10 to 12 minutes. Transfer the sausage m <END>
INPUT: American, adirondack, onions, butter, crisp apples, onion, little nutmeg, poached chicken
OUTPUT: TITLE: Adirondack Bacon BBQ Chicken, Apples and Onions | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons butter; 2 crisp apples, such as gala or honey crisp or golden delicious, sliced; 1 large red onion, quartered and thinly sliced; A little freshly grated nutmeg; About 3 cups poached chicken, pulled; Hard rolls, split; Grated white sharp Cheddar, for topping; Sliced dill or bread and butter pickles, for topping; EVOO, for drizzling; 4 ounces deli-cut good-quality smoky bacon, chopped; 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped; 1 onion, finely chopped; 1 cup organic ketchup; 1 cup chicken stock; 1/4 cup Grade A maple syrup | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Heat a drizzle of EVOO in a saucepot over medium-high heat. Add the bacon and brown to crisp. Then add the garlic and onions and stir to soften, about 3 minutes. Add the ketchup, stock, syrup, mustard, Worcestershire, vinegar and pepper. Stir and simmer to thicken, 20 minutes. Heat a drizzle of EVOO in a large skillet over medium-high heat, add the butter and melt. Add the apples and red onions. Season with some salt, pepper and nutmeg. Cook to tender-crisp, 5 to 6 minutes. Add the chicken and sauce and combine. Cool and store for a make-ahead meal. Reheat over m <END>
INPUT: buttercream, powdered sugar, fine salt, pure vanilla extract, milk
OUTPUT: TITLE: Vanilla Buttercream | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 sticks (1 cup) unsalted butter, at room temperature; 4 cups powdered sugar (1-pound box); Pinch fine salt; 2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract; 2 to 4 tablespoons milk | INSTRUCTIONS: Cream the butter in a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment (or in a large bowl if using a handheld electric mixer). On low speed, beat in the powdered sugar and then the salt. Add the vanilla, increase the speed to medium-high and beat until light and fluffy. Beat in 2 tablespoons milk; adjust the consistency with extra milk as desired. Use immediately, or refrigerate in an airtight container for up to 3 days. Allow to come to room temperature and beat on medium-high until smooth. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, low fat sour, chipotle pepper, chives, Juice lime, Kosher salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chipotle Sauce | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups low-fat sour cream; 1 chipotle pepper, packed in adobo sauce; 2 tablespoons roughly chopped fresh chives; Juice of 1/2 lime; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Add sour cream, chipotle pepper, chives, lime juice, and salt and pepper to a food processor and pulse until thoroughly combined. <END>
INPUT: Asian, chicken cutlets tenders, soba noodles, seedless cucumber, creamy peanut butter, soy sauce
OUTPUT: TITLE: Soba with Chicken and Peanut Sauce | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound chicken cutlets or tenders; 1 pound soba noodles; 1/2 seedless cucumber (usually plastic-wrapped); 2/3 cup creamy peanut butter (not natural); 1/4 cup soy sauce; 1 tablespoon Asian sesame oil; 2 teaspoons Chinese chile garlic paste (preferably Lan Chi) or Sriracha (Southeast Asian chile sauce) plus additional for serving; 1/4 cup chopped scallions; Special equipment: an adjustable-blade slicer with 1/4-inch julienne blade | INSTRUCTIONS: Cut chicken into 1/2-inch-wide strips, then cook in a 5- to 6-quart pot of boiling salted water , stirring occasionally, until just cooked through, 1 to 2 minutes. Transfer chicken with a slotted spoon to a bowl (drain any excess liquid), reserving water in pot. Return water to a boil, then cook noodles, stirring occasionally, until just tender, 4 to 8 minutes. Reserve 3/4 cup noodle-cooking water and drain noodles in a colander. Rinse noodles under cold water to stop cooking, then drain well. While noodles cook, cut cucumber lengthwise into julienne strips, slicing until you reach core, then  <END>
INPUT: corned, water, kosher salt, pink curing salt, light sugar, pickling spice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Corned Beef | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 quarts water; 3/4 cup kosher salt; 1 tablespoon pink curing salt, such as sel rose or Insta Cure #1*; 1/2 cup light brown sugar; 3 tablespoons prepared pickling spice; 2 quarts ice water; 1 (5-pound) beef brisket, with the deckle intact; 3 large fresh bay leaves, torn into small pieces; 9 cloves garlic, crushed; 3 tablespoons yellow mustard seed; 2 tablespoons coarsely ground black pepper; 1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1/2 teaspoon ground allspice; 1/4 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg; 1/4 teaspoon ground cayenne pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Brine the meat: In a saucepan over high heat, heat the water, kosher salt, curing salt, brown sugar, and pickling spice, stirring until the salt is dissolved. Add the ice water. Place the beef in a 2-gallon ziptop bag. Place the bag in a stockpot and pour the brine into it, over the meat. Seal the bag, squeezing as much air out of it as possible so the meat remains completely submerged. Refrigerate the beef in the bag for 10 days. Rinse the beef: Remove the beef from the brine; discard the brine. Thoroughly rinse the beef under cold running water, removing all of the spices, and blot it dry on <END>
INPUT: punch, very pineapple, water, gold rum, sugar, lime juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fresh Pineapple and Rum Punch | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 very ripe large pineapple, peeled, cored, cut into 2-inch pieces; 1 1/2 cups water; 1 1/4 cups gold rum; 1/4 cup sugar; 3 tablespoons fresh lime juice; 2 cups 1-inch cubes peeled fresh pineapple; 3 cups ice cubes | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine first 5 ingredients in large pitcher; using potato masher, mash several times. Cover; chill overnight. Strain mixture through coarse sieve set over large bowl. Transfer pineapple solids to processor; coarsely chop using on/off turns. Strain chopped pineapple through sieve set over same bowl, pressing on solids with spatula to release as much liquid as possible (discard pineapple solids in sieve). Pour strained pineapple punch back into pitcher. (Can be made 6 hours ahead; cover and chill.) Mix 2 cups cubed pineapple into punch, then mix in ice and serve. Combine first 5 ingredients in  <END>
INPUT: biscuits, onions, parsley, thyme, rosemary, olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cream Biscuits with Bacon and Roasted Onions | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound onions, peeled, cut into1/2-inch dice; 3 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh thyme; 1 teaspoon chopped fresh rosemary; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 6 bacon slices, coarsely chopped; 3 3/4 cups all purpose flour; 2 tablespoons baking powder; 1 tablespoon sugar; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 3 cups chilled whipping cream; 1 large egg, beaten to blend (for glaze) | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350°F. Mix onions, herbs, and oil in bowl. Spread on large rimmed baking sheet; sprinkle with salt and pepper. Roast until golden, stirring twice, about 30 minutes. Cool. Maintain oven temperature. Cook bacon in medium skillet until crisp and brown. Using slotted spoon, transfer bacon to paper towels to drain. Blend flour, baking powder, sugar, and salt in large bowl. Mix in bacon and half of roasted onion mixture. Mix in cream, tossing just until dry ingredients are evenly moistened; do not overmix. Turn dough out onto floured work surface. Knead for 5 turns to combine well. S <END>
INPUT: instant, onion, confit duck legs
OUTPUT: TITLE: Instant Borscht with Confit Duck | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 (33-ounce) jar borscht with shredded beets; 1 (14 1/2-ounce) can reduced-sodium beef broth (about 1 3/4 cups); 1 (8-ounce) can tomato sauce; 1 medium onion, finely chopped; 4 confit duck legs at room temperature; 1 (10-ounce) bag coleslaw salad mix; 1 teaspoon caraway seeds, toasted; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/2 teaspoon black pepper; 3 whole cloves; 1 (16-ounce) jar sliced pickled beets, liquid reserved and, if desired, beets coarsely chopped; 1/2 cup chopped fresh dill; Accompaniment: sour cream | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring borscht, broth, tomato sauce, and onion to a boil over high heat in a 4- to 5-quart heavy pot. Meanwhile, coarsely shred duck meat, discarding skin and bones. Stir coleslaw, caraway seeds, salt, pepper, cloves, duck meat, reserved liquid from pickled beets, and half of dill into borscht mixture. Return to a boil, then reduce heat and simmer, covered, until onion is tender, about 15 minutes. Stir in pickled beets and simmer until heated through. Discard cloves if desired, then serve soup with sour cream and remaining dill. Bring borscht, broth, tomato sauce, and onion to a boil over high  <END>
INPUT: American, creamed, sharp Cheddar, pimientos, brick cream cheese, hot sauce, Worcestershire sauce
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pimiento Cheese Creamed Corn | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cups shredded sharp yellow Cheddar; One 4-ounce jar chopped pimientos, well drained; One 8-ounce brick cream cheese, at room temperature; 1 teaspoon hot sauce, or more to taste; 1 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce, or more to taste; 1 large clove garlic, grated; 4 ears corn; 2 tablespoons vegetable oil; 4 spring onions or scallions, sliced on the bias, whites and greens separated; 1 small bundle fresh thyme; 1 fresh bay leaf; Chicken stock, for simmering | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat a cast-iron pan over high heat. Combine the Cheddar, pimientos, cream cheese, hot sauce, Worcestershire and garlic in a food processor; pulse to a paste-like consistency and set aside. Cut the corn off the cob and set aside (do not discard the cobs). Add the oil to the pan, then add the corn and let char. Add in the scallion whites and cook a few minutes. Meanwhile, in a medium pot, add the corn cobs, thyme bundle and bay leaf, and cover with chicken stock. Simmer 15 minutes, then strain and use to thin the pimiento cheese. Serve the corn with the pimiento cheese. <END>
INPUT: pilaf, unsalted butter, onion, hulled barley, low sodium chicken, Kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Barley Pilaf | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon unsalted butter; 1 small onion, chopped; 1 cup hulled barley; 2 1/2 cups low-sodium chicken broth; Kosher salt; 1/2 cup small pieces of broken spaghetti (about 2 ounces); Freshly ground black pepper; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh chives | INSTRUCTIONS: Melt the butter in a medium saucepan over medium heat. Add the onion and cook, stirring occasionally, until soft and lightly golden brown, about 6 minutes. Add the barley and stir until the grains are just coated in butter. Add the broth and 1/2 teaspoon of salt and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat to medium low, cover and simmer 20 minutes. Uncover and quickly stir in the spaghetti; cover and continue to simmer until most of the liquid is absorbed and the barley and spaghetti are tender, stirring once more, about 15 minutes more. Remove from heat and let sit, covered, for 10 minutes. Season t <END>
INPUT: unsalted butter, shallots, carrots, sage leaves, chicken broth
OUTPUT: TITLE: Glazed Carrots with Marjoram | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 8 tablespoons unsalted butter; 2 shallots, peeled and thinly sliced into rounds; 2 pounds carrots, trimmed and cut into 3-inch pieces; 4 fresh sage leaves, chopped; 1 cup chicken broth; 1/4 cup honey; 1/4 cup dry white wine; 2 tablespoons marjoram leaves, chopped; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. In a large skillet over medium heat, melt the butter, then add the shallots and cook until beginning to soften, 3 to 5 minutes. Add the carrots, sage, chicken broth, honey and wine and bring to a simmer. Cook until the carrots are tender and the liquid has reduced to a syrup, 8 to 10 minutes. Stir in the marjoram and some salt and pepper to taste. <END>
INPUT: galette, Vegetable oil, Italian plums, sugar, cardamom, all purpose flour
OUTPUT: TITLE: Plum-Marzipan Galette | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Vegetable oil cooking spray; 1 1/2 pounds Italian plums, pitted and sliced; 1/3 cup plus 1 teaspoon sugar, divided; 1/4 teaspoon ground cardamom; 2 tablespoons all-purpose flour; 1 trans-fat-free refrigerated ready-to-bake pie crust dough (7.5 ounces); 1/4 cup marzipan, crumbled into 1/4-inch pieces; 1 large egg, lightly beaten | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat oven to 375°. Coat a large rimmed baking sheet with cooking spray. In a bowl, toss plums with 1/3 cup sugar and cardamom. Dust flour on work surface; roll out dough to a 14-inch diameter and transfer to baking sheet. Leaving a 2-inch border, sprinkle marzipan on dough. Arrange plums in circular pattern over marzipan. Fold and pleat edges toward center. Brush dough with egg and sprinkle with remaining 1 teaspoon sugar. Bake until crust is golden, 22 to 26 minutes. Cool; serve. Heat oven to 375°. Coat a large rimmed baking sheet with cooking spray. In a bowl, toss plums with 1/3 cup sugar a <END>
INPUT: wilted, smoked bacon, unsalted butter, mushrooms, baby spinach, Salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Wilted Spinach | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 ounces smoked bacon, sliced; 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, plus 1 1/2 tablespoons; 8 mushrooms, sliced; 12 ounces baby spinach; Salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: In a small pan, cook the bacon until crispy. Remove from pan and set aside. Add 1 tablespoon of the butter in the same pan and saute the mushrooms for 1 to 2 minutes. Add the remaining 1 1/2 tablespoons butter and melt. Add the spinach and cook until it is wilted. Return bacon to the pan and heat through. Adjust seasoning, to taste, with salt and pepper. Keep warm until ready to serve. <END>
INPUT: Indian, spiced, chicken, Tandoori, coriander, cumin, smoked paprika, turmeric
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tandoori Spiced Chicken with Tahini Carrots | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: Tandoori Powder:; 3 tablespoons ground coriander; 3 tablespoons ground cumin; 1 tablespoon smoked paprika; 1 tablespoon ground turmeric; 2 teaspoons chili powder; 1 teaspoon ground ginger; 2 teaspoons garlic powder; 1 tablespoon kosher salt; 2 teaspoons garam masala or curry powder; Tahini Dressing:; 3 tablespoons tahini; Juice of 1 lemon; 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1 finely grated clove garlic | INSTRUCTIONS: For the tandoori powder, combine all the ingredients and store in an airtight container at room temperature (the above recipe makes about 3/4 cup). For the tahini dressing, combine all the ingredients and adjust the dressing's consistency with more or less water and store, covered, in the refrigerator for up to 1 week (makes about 3/4 cup). Preheat a gas grill to high (or prepare the coals for a charcoal grill). In a large mixing bowl, toss the chicken with the tandoori powder and oil to evenly coat the meat. Arrange the chicken on the grate and grill, turning as needed, until cooked through,  <END>
INPUT: applesauce, Apple Jack brandy, virgin olive oil, apple juice, thyme, bacon drippings
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fried Pork T-Bone Chops with Roasted Applesauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup Apple Jack brandy (or Calvados); 1/3 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 1/2 cup apple juice; 1/2 bunch fresh bunch thyme, chopped; 1/4 cup bacon drippings; Salt and coarse pepper, to taste; 4 (8-ounce) pork T-bone (porterhouse) chops; 1/2 cup flour; 1 tablespoon onion powder; 1 tablespoon garlic powder; 1 tablespoon fresh thyme; 1 tablespoon paprika; 1 tablespoon coarse black pepper; Salt to taste; 1-ounce olive oil | INSTRUCTIONS: PORK CHOPS: Combine ingredients of marinade. Marinate pork chops for at least 1 hour or up to overnight in refrigerator. Combine seasoned flour ingredients and set aside. Using a cast iron pan over medium heat, add 1/2 cup vegetable oil and slowly bring to temperature. Remove pork chops from marinade, dredge in seasoned flour, and then place chops in pan. Fry the pork chops until golden brown on both sides (12 to 15 minutes total for medium.) Remove from pan and drain on paper towels. APPLESAUCE: In separate pan on high heat, add olive oil and butter. Slowly add apples. Cook them until caramel <END>
INPUT: turnovers, home made type, unsalted butter, semi bittersweet chocolate, Sugar, Raspberry Sauce
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate Turnovers | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 16 slices fresh home-made type white bread, crusts removed; 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted; 2 ounces semi or bittersweet chocolate, chopped; Sugar, to taste; Raspberry Sauce, recipe follows; 3 cups raspberries; 3 tablespoons raspberry liqueur or orange liqueur; 2 to 4 tablespoons water; 3 to 4 tablespoons sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Melt the butter. Roll out bread slices between two pieces of parchment paper until very thin. Brush bread on both sides with melted butter. Place 1 teaspoon of the chocolate in the center of each slice. Fold in half diagonally to cover the filling and form a triangle, trim edges. Press the edges with your fingers to tightly seal. Brush tops and bottoms with melted butter crimp edges with fork and sprinkle top with sugar. (At this point, the turnovers can be placed in a zippered plastic freezer bag and frozen for future use.) Place on parchment lined baking sheet an <END>
INPUT: Indian, trimmed beef tenderloin, vegetable oil, egg, water, Sour Cream Pastry
OUTPUT: TITLE: Beef en Croûte with Coriander Walnut Filling | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: a trimmed 4 1/2- to 5-pound beef tenderloin roast (about 16 inches long and 3 inches in diameter); 1 tablespoon vegetable oil; 1 large egg; 1 tablespoon water; Sour Cream Pastry Dough; Coriander Walnut Filling | INSTRUCTIONS: Trim tenderloin if necessary and pat dry. Halve tenderloin crosswise and season with salt and pepper. In a large heavy skillet heat oil over moderately high heat until just smoking and brown beef, 1 piece at a time, on all sides, about 2 minutes total for each piece of beef, transferring to a platter. Make an egg wash by lightly beating egg with water. On a lightly floured surface with a floured rolling pin roll out dough into a 19- by 15-inch rectangle (slightly less than 1/4 inch thick). Cut a 1-inch strip of dough from a shorter end (leaving an 18- by 15-inch rectangle) and reserve strip. A <END>
INPUT: coarse salt, Sichuan peppercorns, pink peppercorns
OUTPUT: TITLE: Salt-and-Pepper Edamame (Soybeans in the Pod) | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup coarse salt; 2 tablespoons Sichuan peppercorns; 2 tablespoons pink peppercorns; 4 (1-pound) bags frozen edamame (soybeans in the pod) | INSTRUCTIONS: Toast salt in a dry, small, heavy skillet over moderate heat, stirring, until salt turns light tan, about 7 minutes. Transfer salt to a bowl. Toast Sichuan peppercorns in skillet over moderate heat, stirring, until fragrant, about 2 minutes. Transfer toasted peppercorns to a sheet of wax paper to cool. Using paper as a funnel, pour toasted peppercorns into an electric coffee/spice grinder or a mortar. Add pink peppercorns and pulse or pound with a pestle until finely ground. Pour through a coarse sieve into bowl of salt and stir together. Cook edamame in 4 batches in salted boiling water until <END>
INPUT: crusted, salad, pork loin, Kosher salt, grain mustard, mustard powder, olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mustard-Crusted Pork With Farro and Carrot Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 3-3 1/2-pound boneless pork loin; Kosher salt, freshly ground pepper; 1 cup whole grain mustard; 1/4 cup mustard powder; 1/2 cup olive oil, divided; 2 cups farro; 1/3 cup apple cider vinegar; 1 tablespoon caraway seeds, coarsely chopped; 1 teaspoon honey; 1 1/2 pounds baby carrots, any color, very thinly sliced lengthwise on a mandoline; 1/2 small red onion, very thinly sliced into rings; 1 cup (packed) fresh flat-leaf parsley leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: Place pork on a wire rack set inside a large rimmed baking sheet; season all over with salt and pepper. Whisk mustard, mustard powder, and 1/4 cup oil in a small bowl to blend. Rub over pork and let sit at room temperature 1 hour. Preheat oven to 425°F. Roast pork until beginning to brown, 25-30 minutes. Reduce heat to 350°F and roast until a thermometer inserted in the thickest part registers 145°F, 25-35 minutes longer, depending on thickness of roast. Meanwhile, cook farro in a large pot of boiling salted water until tender, 30-35 minutes; drain. Whisk vinegar, caraway seeds, honey, and rem <END>
INPUT: Asian, floats, lime juice, sugar, mango ice cream, ginger ale
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mango Ginger Floats | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1 (3/4-pound) mango; 3 tablespoons fresh lime juice, or to taste; 1 tablespoon sugar, or to taste; 1 pint mango ice cream; About 16 ounces chilled ginger ale | INSTRUCTIONS: Peel and pit mango, then chop. Purée with lime juice and sugar in a blender until smooth. Divide among tall glasses, then top with ice cream and ginger ale. Serve with straws. Peel and pit mango, then chop. Purée with lime juice and sugar in a blender until smooth. Divide among tall glasses, then top with ice cream and ginger ale. Serve with straws. <END>
INPUT: stew, virgin olive oil, Italian turkey sausage, tomato paste, cremini mushrooms, all purpose flour
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pierogi and Squash Stew | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 teaspoons extra-virgin olive oil; 8 ounces Italian turkey sausage, casings removed; 1 tablespoon tomato paste; 1 pound cremini mushrooms, sliced; 2 tablespoons all-purpose flour; 2 cups low-sodium chicken broth; 3 cups shredded coleslaw mix or shredded cabbage; 1 10-ounce bag frozen cubed butternut squash, thawed; 1 12-to-13-ounce package cheddar and potato pierogies; Kosher salt; 1/3 cup sour cream; Freshly ground pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat the olive oil in a large pot over medium heat; add the sausage and cook, breaking it up with a wooden spoon, until browned, about 5 minutes. Add the tomato paste and cook, stirring, 30 seconds. Add the mushrooms and stir well to coat. Increase the heat to medium high, cover and cook, stirring occasionally, until the mushrooms are tender, about 5 minutes. Add the flour and cook, stirring, 1 minute, then stir in the chicken broth and 2 cups water, scraping up any browned bits from the bottom of the pot. Add the coleslaw mix to the pot, cover and bring to a simmer. Reduce the heat to medium  <END>
INPUT: American, caps, souffle, cheese, chives, panko bread crumbs, mushrooms
OUTPUT: TITLE: Stuffed Mushroom Caps with Blue Cheese Souffle | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 cup softened blue cheese; 1/4 cup chopped chives; 1/4 panko bread crumbs; 18 mushrooms (silver-dollar size) cleaned and stem pulled off | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F. Combine blue cheese with chopped chives and stir in bread crumbs. Fill mushrooms with cheese mixture and place on a baking sheet. Bake for 5 minutes and serve on a platter or large plate. <END>
INPUT: Indian, oven, fries, vegetable oil, unpeeled russet potatoes, olive oil, coriander seeds, thyme
OUTPUT: TITLE: Oven Fries with Coriander Seeds | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: Nonstick vegetable oil spray; 2 pounds unpeeled russet potatoes (about 3 large), scrubbed, cut lengthwise into 1/2-inch-thick sticks; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1 1/2 teaspoons coriander seeds, cracked; 1 teaspoon dried thyme; Coarse kosher salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 450°F. Spray large rimmed baking sheet with nonstick spray. Toss potatoes with olive oil, coriander seeds, and thyme in large bowl. Transfer to prepared sheet, spreading in single layer. Sprinkle with salt and pepper. Place in top third of oven and bake until golden, occasionally turning with spatula, about 40 minutes. Season to taste with coarse salt and serve. Preheat oven to 450°F. Spray large rimmed baking sheet with nonstick spray. Toss potatoes with olive oil, coriander seeds, and thyme in large bowl. Transfer to prepared sheet, spreading in single layer. Sprinkle with sa <END>
INPUT: oysters, plum tomatoes, unsalted butter, shallots, wine
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Oysters with Country Bacon | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 24 fresh oysters, in their shells; 2 plum tomatoes; 1 tablespoon unsalted butter; 3 large shallots, peeled and finely diced (about 1/4 cup); 1/4 cup white wine; 1/4 cup heavy cream; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh tarragon leaves; 2 ounces bacon, cooked and chopped; 1/2 cup steamed spinach (optional); Melba Toast, or toast points of brioche or country bread | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees. Using a towel, grasp and oyster in the palm of your hand. Press the oyster, rounded-side down, on a firm surface, still holding it with the towel. Shuck the oyster by wedging the tip of an oyster knife (regular knives are too thin-bladed) between the halves of the shell, at the shell's narrowest end. When the knife tip is securely wedged, rotate the blade to pry open the shell. Slide the knife blade along the length of the shell to open completely. Remove the oyster from the shell and reserve, along with its juice. From each pair of oyster shells, save the one  <END>
INPUT: American, tavern, beef chuck roast, pork shoulder roast, onions, garlic, unsalted butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tavern Beef and Pork Pie | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 pounds cooked boneless beef chuck roast, cut into 1/2-inch cubes (recipe follows for Roasting Pork Shoulder and Beef Chuck); 1 1/2 pounds cooked boneless pork shoulder roast, cut into 1/2-inch cubes (recipes follows); 1 cup yellow onions, chopped; 4 garlic cloves, chopped; 1 tablespoon unsalted butter; 1 cup red burgundy wine; 1 cup button mushrooms, chopped; 1 small bunch fresh basil, chopped; 1/2 small bunch fresh parsley, chopped; 1 sprig fresh thyme; 2 teaspoons salt; 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 1 cup demi-glace; 3 pounds purchased puff pastry; 1 egg, lightly beaten with 1 tablespoon water | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large skillet, saute the precooked beef and pork cubes, onions and garlic in the butter over high heat for 5 minutes, until the onions are golden brown. Add the red wine to deglaze the pan, loosening any browned bits on the bottom of the pan with a wooden spoon. Add the mushrooms, basil, parsley, thyme, salt, pepper, and cook until the liquid has evaporated. Stir in the demi-glace and cook about 5 minutes more, until all liquid has evaporated again. Remove from the heat. Spread the mixture out onto a baking sheet and let it cool for about 10 minutes. Refrigerate the mixture about 1 hour t <END>
INPUT: Mexican, tiger, vegetable oil, cinnamon, mustard seeds, turmeric, peppercorns
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tiger Shrimp With Lime, Ginger, and Mustard Seeds | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2 tbsp vegetable oil; 1 cinnamon stick; 1 tsp black mustard seeds; 1 tsp ground turmeric; 1/2 tsp black peppercorns, crushed with a pestle and mortar; 20 fresh curry leaves (optional); 2 scallions, finely sliced; 1 fresh red chile, finely sliced; 1 tbsp peeled and julienned fresh ginger; 20 raw jumbo shrimp, shells removed but tails left on, deveined; Good pinch of sea salt; Good drizzle of honey; 2 tbsp roughly chopped cilantro; Juice of 1/2 lime, to taste | INSTRUCTIONS: Gently heat the oil in a large skillet and add the cinnamon stick, mustard seeds, turmeric, peppercorns and curry leaves (if using). Once they start to sizzle, stir through the scallions, chile and ginger and allow to soften for around a minute. Stir in the shrimp and watch how they turn to a golden pink color. Flip them over and sprinkle over a good pinch of salt. Once they are cooked through—and it won’t take long, only a few minutes on each side—drizzle over the honey and sprinkle in half the cilantro and the lime juice. Mix well and serve sprinkled with the remaining cilantro. Gently heat  <END>
INPUT: fizz, sugar, rosemary, gin, ruby grapefruit juice, Champagne prosecco
OUTPUT: TITLE: Rosemary Champagne Fizz | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup sugar; 1 small bunch fresh rosemary, plus 4 sprigs for garnish; 3 ounces gin; 3 ounces fresh squeezed ruby red grapefruit juice; Champagne or prosecco | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. For the rosemary simple syrup: Add the sugar, 1/2 cup water and the rosemary to a small saucepan and bring to a boil, stirring until the sugar is dissolved. Remove from the heat and let cool. For the champagne fizz: Combine a tablespoon of rosemary simple syrup (more if you like it sweeter), the gin and grapefruit juice and stir. Pour into two cocktail glasses. Top each with champagne and garnish with a sprig of rosemary. Enjoy! <END>
INPUT: fruit, critters, lowfat yogurt, peanut butter, dark sugar, strawberries, raisins
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fruit Critters with Yogurt Peanut Butter Dip | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cups lowfat yogurt; 2 tablespoons peanut butter; 1 tablespoon dark brown sugar; 1 pint strawberries; 1/2 cup raisins; 3 apples; 1 1/2 cups seedless grapes; 3 bananas, peeled; Thin pretzel sticks; Sunflower seeds | INSTRUCTIONS: In a food processor, combine yogurt, peanut butter and dark brown sugar and puree. Pour into a decorative bowl and chill in the refrigerator, about 20 minutes. While the dip is chilling, make fruit "critters" using the fruits for bodies, pretzel sticks for legs, and raisins for eyes. Here are some suggestions, but use your imagination! Quarter and core an apple. Place the flesh side down so the peel is facing up. This will be the shell for a "beetle". Cut 1 raisin in 1/2, place the inside down towards 1 end of the apple to make "eyes" for your beetle. Break 4 pretzel sticks in half and insert  <END>
INPUT: Mexican, daiquiri, dark rum, lime juice, sugar syrup
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fresh Lime Daiquiri | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups dark rum; 1 1/2 cups freshly squeezed lime juice; 2/3 cup sugar syrup (see note) | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine the rum, lime juice and syrup. Fill a cocktail shaker halfway with ice and fill two-thirds full with the cocktail mixture. Shake for 30 seconds and pour into frosted martini glasses. Serve ice cold. <END>
INPUT: Italian, fettucine, fettuccine penne, pancetta bacon, asparagus, shelled peas, onions
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fettucine with Peas, Asparagus, and Pancetta | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 12 ounces fettuccine or penne; 3 ounces pancetta or bacon, chopped; 1 1/4 pounds asparagus, trimmed, cut on diagonal into 1-inch pieces; 2 cups shelled fresh green peas, blanched 1 minute in boiling water, drained, or frozen peas (do not thaw); 1 bunch green onions, thinly sliced, white and pale green parts separated from dark green parts; 2 garlic cloves, pressed; 1/2 cup finely grated Parmesan cheese plus additional for serving; 1/3 cup heavy whipping cream; 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 3 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 1 tablespoon finely grated lemon peel; 1/4 cup chopped fresh Italian parsley, divided; 1/4 cup thinly sliced fresh basil, divided | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook pasta in pot of boiling salted water until just tender but still firm to bite. Drain, reserving 1/2 cup pasta cooking liquid. Return pasta to pot. Meanwhile, cook pancetta in large nonstick skillet over medium heat until crisp. Using slotted spoon, transfer pancetta to paper towels to drain. Pour off all but 1 teaspoon drippings from skillet. Add asparagus to drippings in skillet; sauté 3 minutes. Add peas, white and pale green parts of green onions, and garlic; sauté until vegetables are just tender, about 2 minutes. Remove from heat. Add vegetable mixture, 1/4 cup pasta cooking liquid,  <END>
INPUT: seedless grapes, walnut pistachio oil, vanilla ice cream, walnuts pistachios
OUTPUT: TITLE: Ice Cream with Roasted Grapes and Walnut Oil | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 pound red seedless grapes (2 cups); 6 teaspoons walnut or pistachio oil, divided; 1 pint vanilla ice cream; 1/4 cup coarsely chopped walnuts or pistachios, toasted | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat broiler. Toss grapes with 2 teaspoons oil in a shallow baking pan and broil 5 to 6 inches from heat just until grapes burst, about 6 minutes. Spoon grapes with juice over scoops of ice cream, then sprinkle with nuts and drizzle each serving with 1 teaspoon of remaining oil. Preheat broiler. Toss grapes with 2 teaspoons oil in a shallow baking pan and broil 5 to 6 inches from heat just until grapes burst, about 6 minutes. Spoon grapes with juice over scoops of ice cream, then sprinkle with nuts and drizzle each serving with 1 teaspoon of remaining oil. <END>
INPUT: Asian, soup, dashi, shiitake mushrooms, miso, tofu, onions
OUTPUT: TITLE: Miso Soup with Tofu and Mushrooms | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 4 cups dashi; 1/2 cup sliced shiitake mushrooms; 4 tablespoons red miso; 10 ounces tofu, cut into 1/2-inch cubes; Chopped green onions, for garnish; 3 quarts cold water; 3 ounces giant kelp, (kombu); 3 ounces dried bonito flakes | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat the dashi to a simmer in a saucepan. Add the mushrooms and simmer for 3 to 4 minutes. Soften the miso in a small bowl by mixing it with a few tablespoons of hot dashi. Pour the softened miso into the saucepan. Heat the soup, being careful not to boil, and add tofu. Pour into individual soup bowls and garnish with the green onions. Combine the water and kelp in a large pot. Bring the water to a boil, removing the kelp just before water boils since it emits a strong odor. If the fleshiest part of the kelp is still tough, return it to the water for a few more minutes, along with a little col <END>
INPUT: half, moons, Powdered water soluble, water, dulce de leche
OUTPUT: TITLE: Dulce de Leche Half-Moons | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup raw green (hulled) pumpkin seeds; Powdered water-soluble food colorings in assorted colors; 5 teaspoon water, divided; 50 (70-mm) Back-Oblaten (German round edible wafer papers; about 2 3/4-inch); 1 cup dulce de leche, cajeta, or arequipe | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350°F with rack in middle. 3Spread seeds in a 4-sided sheet pan and toast in oven until puffed and slightly golden (but not browned), 6 to 8 minutes. Cool completely on a plate. Stir 1/4 teaspoon colored powder into 1 teaspoon water in a small bowl until dissolved. Spread 10 wafers in 1 layer on a rack. Paint tops of wafers lightly with coloring using a pastry brush (for white wafers, brush with water). Let stand until pliable, 3 to 5 minutes (if too wet to lift, let stand until slightly drier). Invert wafers, then spoon a level teaspoon dulce de leche onto unpainted side of ea <END>
INPUT: American, shell, all purpose flour, vegetable shortening, salt, ice water
OUTPUT: TITLE: Baked Pie Shell | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/4 cups all-purpose flour; 3/4 stick (6 tablespoons) cold unsalted butter, cut into 1/2-inch cubes; 2 tablespoons cold vegetable shortening; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 3 to 4 tablespoons ice water; Special equipment: a 9-inch glass or ceramic pie plate; pie weights or raw rice | INSTRUCTIONS: Blend together flour, butter, shortening, and salt in a bowl with your fingertips or a pastry blender (or pulse in a food processor) just until most of mixture resembles coarse meal with small (roughly pea-size) butter lumps. Drizzle evenly with 2 tablespoons ice water and gently stir with a fork (or pulse in food processor) until incorporated. Squeeze a small handful: If it doesn't hold together, add more ice water, 1/2 tablespoon at a time, stirring (or pulsing) until just incorporated, then test again. (If you overwork mixture, pastry will be tough.) Turn out mixture onto a lightly floured  <END>
INPUT: Asian, crusted, broth, coriander, Fleur de sel, Canola oil, ginger
OUTPUT: TITLE: Coriander-Crusted Halibut with Rice Noodles and Ginger Broth | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup freshly ground coriander; Fleur de sel, to season; 4 (6-ounce) pieces halibut fillet; Canola oil, to cook; 1 1/2 tablespoons minced ginger; 2 leeks, white part julienned; 1 tablespoon fish sauce; 6 cups chicken stock; 2 limes, juiced; 1 tablespoon minced cilantro leaves, save 4 whole sprigs for garnish; 1 package (8-ounce) thin rice noodles, soaked in warm water for 20 minutes until soft | INSTRUCTIONS: For the Coriander Crusted Halibut With Rice Noodles And Ginger Broth: Preheat an oven to 450 degrees. Place the coriander on a small plate. Season the halibut on both sides with salt and dredge the top only with the coriander. In a hot saute pan coated with oil, sear the top first until brown and fragrant. Flip and place pan in oven for 8 to10 minutes or until the fish in flaky and hot in the middle. Concurrently, in a hot saucepan, coat lightly with oil and saute the ginger and leeks until soft, about 4 minutes. Deglaze with fish sauce and add stock. Bring to a simmer and reduce by 20 percent <END>
INPUT: panzanella, Vegetable oil, salmon fillet, salt, pepper, beans
OUTPUT: TITLE: Salmon Panzanella With Green Beans | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Vegetable oil cooking spray; 1 pound salmon fillet, skin removed; 1/2 teaspoon salt, divided; 1/4 teaspoon black pepper, divided; 1/2 pound green beans, cut into 1-inch pieces; 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1 tablespoon plus 1 teasoon red wine vinegar; 2 cups cherry tomatoes, halved; 1 cup thinly sliced red onion; 8 ounce whole-wheat baguette, cut into 1-inch cubes; 1/2 cup fresh basil, cut into thin strips | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat broiler to low. Coat a baking sheet with cooking spray. Season salmon with 1/4 teaspoon salt and 1/8 teaspoon pepper. Broil until cooked through, 5 minutes per side; let cool. Bring water to a boil in a small saucepan; cook beans until bright green and crisp-tender, about 3 minutes; drain and set aside. Whisk oil, vinegar, remaining 1/4 teaspoon salt and remaining 1/8 teaspoon pepper in a serving bowl; add beans, tomatoes, onion, bread cubes and basil, then toss. Flake salmon and add to salad; toss gently. Let sit 10 minutes before serving. Heat broiler to low. Coat a baking sheet with co <END>
INPUT: whipped, whipping cream, sugar, peppermint extract, milk, vanilla beans
OUTPUT: TITLE: Peppermint Hot Chocolate with Whipped Cream | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup chilled whipping cream; 7 tablespoons sugar; 3/4 teaspoon peppermint extract; 6 cups milk; 2 vanilla beans, split lengthwise; 8 ounces semisweet chocolate, chopped; 2 tablespoons unsweetened cocoa powder | INSTRUCTIONS: Whip cream, 1 tablespoon sugar and 1/4 teaspoon peppermint extract in medium bowl to soft peaks. Bring milk to simmer in large saucepan over medium heat. Scrape in seeds from vanilla beans; add beans. Reduce heat to low. Add chocolate, cocoa and 6 tablespoons sugar; whisk until smooth. Mix in 1/2 teaspoon extract. Ladle hot chocolate into mugs. Top with whipped cream. Whip cream, 1 tablespoon sugar and 1/4 teaspoon peppermint extract in medium bowl to soft peaks. Bring milk to simmer in large saucepan over medium heat. Scrape in seeds from vanilla beans; add beans. Reduce heat to low. Add choc <END>
INPUT: italiano, garlic, Swanson® Chicken Stock, tomatoes, Italian seasoning
OUTPUT: TITLE: Italiano Chicken and Rice | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pounds skinless, boneless chicken breasts, cut into strips; 1/2 teaspoon minced garlic; 1 3/4 cup Swanson® Chicken Stock; 1 tablespoon canned diced tomatoes, drained; 1/2 teaspoon Italian seasoning, crushed; 3/4 cup uncooked regular long-grain white rice; 1/4 cup grated Parmesan cheese | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook the chicken and garlic in a 10-inch nonstick skillet over medium-high heat until it's well browned, stirring often. Remove the chicken from the skillet. Add the stock, tomatoes, Italian seasoning and rice to the skillet and heat to a boil. Reduce the heat to low. Cover and cook for 15 minutes. Stir in the cheese. Return the chicken to the skillet. Cover and cook for 5 minutes or until the chicken is cooked through and the rice is tender. <END>
INPUT: poblano, chiles, vegetable oil, onion, garlic, pork, sirloin beef
OUTPUT: TITLE: Stuffed Poblano Chiles in a Creamy Walnut Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons vegetable oil; 1 onion, diced; 2 cloves garlic, minced; 1/2 pound ground pork; 1/2 pound ground sirloin beef; 1 bay leaf; 1 cinnamon stick; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1/3 cup dried apples, chopped; 1/3 cup dried apricots, chopped; 3/4 cup acitron, or sweetened dried pineapple, chopped; 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 4 cups walnuts, peeled* see Cook's Note; 2 1/2 cups Mexican crema; 4 ounces goat cheese, at room temperature | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. In a medium heavy skillet, heat 2 tablespoons vegetable oil over medium-high heat. Add the onion and garlic and cook until fragrant, about 3 minutes. Add the pork, ground sirloin, bay leaf, cinnamon stick, salt and pepper and cook at medium heat until meat loses its pink color and is cooked through, about 7 minutes. Add the dried apples, apricots, and sweetened pineapple and remove from the heat. Add the ground cinnamon and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper, to taste. Set aside. Remove the cinnamon stick and bay leaf and discard. Sauce: Put the wal <END>
INPUT: garlic, two packages peas, water, unsalted butter, lemon juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Farfalle with Roasted Garlic and Pea Purée | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 head garlic; two 10-ounce packages frozen peas, thawed; 2 cups water; 1 tablespoon unsalted butter; 3 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh tarragon leaves; 3/4 pound farfalle (bow-tie pasta); 1/2 cup fresh snow-pea or pea shoots | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 425° F. Cut 1/2 inch off top of garlic head, discarding it, and wrap garlic tightly in foil. Roast garlic in middle of oven 30 minutes, or until very soft, and cool. Squeeze roasted garlic from head into a blender. In a saucepan boil thawed peas in 2 cups salted water until just tender, about 5 minutes, and in blender purée garlic, peas and cooking liquid, butter, lemon juice, tarragon, and salt and pepper to taste. In a saucepan keep purée warm, covered. In a 6-quart kettle bring 5 quarts salted water to a boil and cook farfalle, stirring occasionally, until al dente. Drain pa <END>
INPUT: figs, sweet wine, cubes country style, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fig and Pistachio Stuffing | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 5 ounces dried figs, trimmed, quartered (about 1 cup); 1/2 cup sweet white wine (such as Muscat or Essensia); 8 cups 1-inch cubes country-style white bread (about 12 ounces); 4 tablespoons (1/2 stick) butter; 1 large onion, chopped (about 2 cups); 3 celery stalks, chopped; 2 garlic cloves, minced; 2 teaspoons chopped fresh rosemary; 1 cup lightly toasted unsalted pistachios, chopped; 3/4 cup low-salt chicken broth | INSTRUCTIONS: Place figs and wine in small bowl. Cover and let soak overnight. Preheat oven to 350°F. Arrange bread cubes in single layer on rimmed baking sheet and place in oven until dry, about 15 minutes. Cool. Reduce oven temperature to 325°F. Butter 11x7x2-inch baking dish. Melt butter in heavy large skillet over medium heat. Add onion, celery, garlic, and rosemary. Sprinkle with salt and pepper. Cover skillet and cook vegetables until soft, stirring occasionally, about 15 minutes. Transfer vegetables to large bowl. Add figs with soaking liquid, bread cubes, pistachios, and broth to vegetables; toss st <END>
INPUT: Mexican, tacos, ancho chiles, chiles de arbol, boiling water, cider vinegar, cumin seeds
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chile Braised Lamb Tacos | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 3 dried ancho chiles, halved, stems removed; 2 dried chiles de arbol, halved, stems removed; 2 cups boiling water; 2 tablespoons cider vinegar; 1 teaspoon cumin seeds; 1 teaspoon oregano; Kosher salt and cracked black pepper; 2 bone-in lamb shanks (about 3 1/2 pounds); 4 cups chicken stock; 1/3 cup lime juice; 1/3 cup sugar; 1/3 cup red wine vinegar; 2 chiles, seeded and cut into rings; 3/4 cup fresh cilantro leaves, coarsely chopped; 1 teaspoon ground cumin | INSTRUCTIONS: For the braised lamb: Heat a medium skillet over medium-high heat. Toast the chiles skin-side up until fragrant and beginning to darken, 30 seconds to 1 minute. Transfer to a bowl and pour enough boiling water to cover and soak until softened, about 15 minutes. Strain, reserving the water. Transfer the chiles to a blender or food processor along with 1/2 cup of the reserved steeping water, the cider vinegar, cumin, oregano and garlic. Process until a smooth paste forms. Sprinkle with salt and black pepper. Place the lamb in a Dutch oven and slather the chile paste over the shanks. Add the chic <END>
INPUT: Italian, Kosher salt, jumbo pasta shells, milk ricotta cheese, Romano cheese, parsley
OUTPUT: TITLE: Stuffed Shells | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: Kosher salt; 8 ounces jumbo pasta shells; 30 ounces whole-milk ricotta cheese; 1/2 cup grated Romano cheese; 2 tablespoons minced fresh parsley; 12 leaves fresh basil, cut into chiffonade; 1 large egg; Freshly ground black pepper; 8 ounces Parmesan, grated; 2 jars good-quality marinara sauce; 8 ounces mozzarella cheese, grated; Crusty French bread, for serving | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add the pasta shells and cook for half the cooking time on the package; make sure not to overcook. Drain and rinse in cool water. Set aside. In a bowl, mix together the ricotta, Romano, parsley, basil, egg, some salt and pepper and half of the Parmesan. Stir until combined. To assemble, coat the bottom of a baking dish with some sauce. Fill each half-cooked shell with the cheese mixture and place face-down on the sauce. Repeat with the shells until the cheese mixture is gone. Top the  <END>
INPUT: cupcakes, icing, all purpose flour, double acting baking, salt, firmly dark sugar, chunky peanut butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Peanut Butter Chocolate Chip Cupcakes with Chocolate Icing | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup all-purpose flour; 1 1/2 teaspoons double acting baking powder; Pinch salt; 1/2 cup firmly packed dark brown sugar; 1/4 cup chunky peanut butter; 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened; 1 large egg; 1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract; 1/2 cup milk; 1 1/4 cups semisweet chocolate chips; 1/4 cup heavy cream, scalded | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. In a bowl, whisk together the flour, the baking powder, and a pinch of salt. In another bowl with an electric mixer, cream together the brown sugar, the peanut butter, and the butter and beat in the egg and the vanilla. Beat in the flour mixture alternately with the milk, beating well after each addition, and stir in 1/2 cup of the chocolate chips. Divide the batter among 12 paper-lined 1/2-cup muffin tins and bake the cupcakes in the middle of the oven for 20 to 25 minutes, or until a tester comes out clean. Turn the cupcakes out onto a rack and let them cool co <END>
INPUT: Italian, Roma tomatoes, virgin olive oil, confectioners' sugar, pepper flakes, Kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Stuffed Poblano Peppers | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 8 ripe Roma tomatoes, halved lengthwise; 1/2 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 1 tablespoon confectioners' sugar; 1 1/2 teaspoons red pepper flakes; Kosher salt; 2 tablespoons canola oil; 6 medium poblano peppers, halved lengthwise, ribs and seeds completely removed; 12 sprigs fresh thyme; 2 medium red bell peppers, seeded and finely diced; 3 large cloves garlic, minced; 3 medium yellow onions, finely diced; 6 sprigs fresh basil; 1 tablespoon red wine vinegar; 12 ounces mozzarella, cut into 1-inch cubes; 3/4 cup panko breadcrumbs, toasted | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper. Place the tomato halves flesh-side up in a single layer on the prepared baking sheet. In a medium bowl, whisk together 4 tablespoons of the olive oil, the confectioners' sugar, red pepper flakes and 2 teaspoons salt. Spread the mixture evenly over the tomato halves. Roast the tomatoes until tender, 35 to 40 minutes. Heat a large skillet over high heat and add half of the canola oil. When it begins to smoke lightly, add half of the poblanos and cook to tenderize without making them mushy. <END>
INPUT: Indian, chutney, Spanish onions, garlic, vegetable oil, cider vinegar, thyme leaves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cranberry Chutney | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup chopped Spanish onions; 1 1/2 tablespoons minced garlic; 2 1/4 teaspoons vegetable oil; 3 tablespoons cider vinegar; 1 teaspoon fresh thyme leaves; 1/2 teaspoon fresh rosemary; 1/2 teaspoon dried sage; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/3 teaspoon ground allspice; 1/3 teaspoon cayenne pepper; Pinch black pepper; Two 16-ounce cans whole cranberry sauce | INSTRUCTIONS: Saute the onions and garlic in the vegetable oil in a medium pot until golden. Add the vinegar, thyme, rosemary, sage, salt, allspice, cayenne pepper, black pepper and cranberry sauce. Simmer until the cranberries and the chutney begin to thicken, about 20 minutes. Add water during cooking, as necessary, if the mixture becomes too thick. <END>
INPUT: Indian, fleuri, soup, virgin olive oil, garlic, carrot, chile, shallot
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fleuri's Curry Lentil Soup | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 5 to 6 cloves garlic, finely chopped or grated; 1 small carrot, peeled and finely chopped; 1 small chile, seeded and finely chopped; 1 large shallot, finely chopped; 1 1/2 cups yellow, red or green lentils; Salt; 2 rounded palmfuls curry powder blend or Ras el hanout; 1 quart chicken or vegetable stock-in-a-box; 2 to 3 cups water; 1 bundle farm spinach, trimmed, washed and dried, coarsely chopped; Naan bread; 2 tablespoons butter, melted | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat a soup pot over medium-high heat. Add the extra-virgin olive oil, 4 turns of the pan, the garlic, carrot, chile and shallot and cook until the mixture softens, about 2 to 3 minutes. Stir in the lentils and toss to coat in the oil, season with salt, to taste and curry spices or Ras el hanout. Add the stock and water to the soup and bring to a boil over medium heat. Reduce the heat and simmer until lentils are tender, about 40 minutes. Puree with an immersion blender into a smooth soup. Season with salt, if needed. Cool completely and store in the refrigerator for a make-ahead meal. Reheat  <END>
INPUT: Mexican, southwestern, Buttermilk Corn Bread, onions, bell peppers, poblano chilies
OUTPUT: TITLE: Southwestern Corn Bread Stuffing | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: Buttermilk Corn Bread; 6 tablespoons (3/4 stick) butter; 1 1/2 cups chopped onions; 1 1/2 cups chopped green bell peppers; 4 large poblano chilies, stemmed, seeded, chopped; 3 large jalapeño chilies, stemmed, seeded, chopped; 1/4 cup chopped fresh sage or 4 teaspoons dried rubbed sage; 1 1/2 tablespoons dried oregano; 3/4 cup chopped fresh cilantro; 1 1/2 cups crushed corn chips (such as Fritos); 1 1/2 cups frozen corn kernels, thawed; 3 large eggs, beaten to blend; 1 1/4 cups (about) canned cream-style corn | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 325°F. Cut corn bread into 4 equal pieces. Crumble 3 pieces onto large baking sheet (reserve remaining piece for another use). Bake until slightly dry, about 20 minutes. Transfer to very large bowl. Melt butter in heavy large skillet over medium-high heat. Add onions, bell peppers, all chilies, sage and oregano and sauté until vegetables are tender, about 10 minutes. Transfer to bowl with corn bread. Mix in cilantro, corn chips and corn kernels. Season to taste with salt and pepper. (Can be prepared 1 day ahead. Cover and refrigerate.) Mix eggs into stuffing. Preheat oven to 32 <END>
INPUT: American, steak, vegetable oil, fine fleur de, peppercorns, good olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Filet Steak and Arugula | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 4 (2-inch-thick) filets mignons, tied (10 ounces each); 2 tablespoons vegetable oil; 2 tablespoons fine fleur de sel; 2 tablespoons coarsely cracked black peppercorns; 1/2 cup good olive oil; 1/4 cup freshly squeezed lemon juice (2 lemons); 1/2 teaspoon Dijon mustard; 1 teaspoon kosher salt; 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 8 ounces baby arugula; 1 (4-ounce) chunk good Parmesan cheese | INSTRUCTIONS: Prepare a charcoal grill with hot coals or turn a gas grill to medium-high heat. Meanwhile, pat dry the filets mignons with paper towels. Brush the filets lightly all over with the oil. Combine the fleur de sel and cracked pepper on a plate and roll the filets on all sides in the mixture, pressing lightly to help the salt and pepper adhere. The steaks should be evenly coated with the fleur de sel and cracked pepper. Meanwhile, whisk together the olive oil, lemon juice, mustard, kosher salt, and freshly ground black pepper. Set aside. When the grill is ready, place the steaks on the grill. Cook <END>
INPUT: American, casserole, unsalted butter, Kosher salt, wide egg noodles, mushrooms, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken Noodle Casserole | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, plus more for greasing dish; Kosher salt; 12 ounces extra-wide egg noodles; 10 ounces white mushrooms, halved or quartered; Freshly ground pepper; 1/3 cup all-purpose flour; 1 1/2 cups frozen pearl onions, thawed; 1 medium carrot, halved lengthwise and sliced thinly across; 1 large stalk celery, sliced thinly; 2 sprigs fresh thyme; 1/2 cup dry white wine or vermouth; 4 cups chicken broth; 1 cup heavy cream; 2 cups shredded rotisserie chicken, skin and bones discarded; 2 tablespoons chopped parsley | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Butter a 3-quart casserole dish. Bring a large pot of generously salted water to a boil. Add the egg noodles and cook until al dente, about 4 minutes. Strain. Meanwhile, heat 2 tablespoons of the butter in a large Dutch oven or pot over medium-high heat. Add the mushrooms and cook, stirring occasionally, until browned all over, about 3 minutes. Season with 1/2 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of pepper. Transfer to a small bowl and set aside. Lower the heat to medium and melt the remaining 4 tablespoons butter in the Dutch oven. Whisk in the flour to form a loo <END>
INPUT: soup, celery, carrots, butter, onions, flour
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cream of Celery Soup | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups chopped celery, divided; 2 cups chopped carrots, divided; 4 tablespoons butter; 2 cups onions, diced; 3 tablespoons flour; 6 cups hot vegetable broth, divided; Salt and pepper to taste; 1 cup heavy cream | INSTRUCTIONS: In a small saucepan add 1 cup celery, 1 cup carrots, 1 cup vegetable broth. Bring to a boil and cook until tender, about 4 minutes. Drain and reserve cooked vegetables. In a large saucepan, over medium high heat, melt butter. Add onions and saute until clear. Whisking, add flour, cook 2 minutes making sure flour does not brown. Add 5 cups vegetable broth and continue to whisk until mixture boils, making sure to reach the bottom of the pan. Add uncooked 1 cup celery and 1 cup carrots. Bring mixture to a boil, reduce heat, and simmer about 30 minutes. When cooked strain soup through a fine sieve <END>
INPUT: American, towers, cream cheese, hard eggs, scallion greens, cornstarch, water
OUTPUT: TITLE: Caviar, Cream Cheese, Scallion and Egg Towers | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 8 ounces cream cheese, softened; 2 hard-cooked large eggs; 1 cup finely chopped scallion greens (from about 1 large bunch); 1 teaspoon cornstarch; 1 tablespoon cold water; 4 large eggs, beaten lightly; 1/4 teaspoon salt; Vegetable oil, for brushing skillet; 2 ounces beluga or sevruga caviar* | INSTRUCTIONS: Make filling: In a bowl beat cream cheese until fluffy. Quarter eggs and with back of a spoon force through a coarse sieve into cream cheese. Add scallion and stir well. Filling may be made 1 day ahead and chilled, covered. Bring filling to room temperature before proceeding. To make egg sheets: In a bowl dissolve cornstarch in water and whisk in eggs and salt until smooth. Brush a non-stick skillet measuring 6 inches across bottom lightly with oil and heat over moderately high heat until hot but not smoking. Half-fill a 1/4-cup measure with egg mixture. Remove skillet from heat and pour in 1/ <END>
INPUT: olive oil, turkey sausage, garlic, mascarpone cheese, thyme leaves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled and Stuffed Portobello Mushrooms with Gorgonzola | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons olive oil, plus 1/4 cup; 12 ounces turkey sausage, casings removed; 2 cloves garlic, minced; 1/2 cup mascarpone cheese, at room temperature; 2 tablespoons freshly chopped thyme leaves; 2 tablespoons fresh chopped oregano leaves; 3/4 cup plain bread crumbs; 1 cup (4-ounces) Gorgonzola; 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt, plus extra for seasoning; 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, plus extra for seasoning; 6 large portobello mushrooms, stems removed | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Place a grill pan over medium-high heat or preheat a gas or charcoal grill. In a large skillet, heat 2 tablespoons of oil over medium-high heat. Add the turkey sausage and cook, stirring frequently, until cooked through, about 5 minutes. Add the garlic and cook for 1 minute. Remove the pan from the heat. Stir in the mascarpone cheese. Add the thyme, oregano, bread crumbs, 1/2 cup of Gorgonzola, 1/2 teaspoon salt and 1/2 teaspoon pepper. Stir until all ingredients are combined. Brush the mushrooms on both sides with the remaining oil and season with salt and peppe <END>
INPUT: soup, greens, carrot, celery, onion, leek
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken and Spelt Soup with Greens | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 (3 1/4-pound) chicken, rinsed and drained; 1 carrot, peeled and chopped; 1 stalk celery, chopped; 1 yellow onion, skin on, quartered; 1 leek, chopped; 2 fresh bay leaves; 1 head garlic, halved crosswise; 1 teaspoon black peppercorns; 2 liters water; 1 cup spelt; 2 stalks celery, trimmed and chopped, extra; 10 1/2 ounces broccolini, florets trimmed and stalk chopped; Sea salt and cracked black pepper; 3 1/2 ounces green beans, trimmed and chopped; 1 3/4 ounces baby kale leaves (about 3/4 cup) | INSTRUCTIONS: Place the chicken, carrot, celery, onion, leek, bay leaves, garlic, peppercorns and water in a large pot over high heat and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat to medium, cover with a lid and simmer for 1 hour 30 minutes. Strain the soup, reserving the stock and the whole chicken. Return the stock to a clean pot over high heat, add the spelt and bring to a boil. Cover with a lid, reduce the heat to medium and cook for 15 minutes or until tender. Shred the chicken, discarding the skin and bones. Add the extra celery, broccolini, salt and pepper to the pot and cook for 4 minutes. Add the green bean <END>
INPUT: American, ingredient, pepper, Forest ham, Gruyère cheese, olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: 3-Ingredient Chicken Breasts Stuffed With Ham and Cheese | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 4 large boneless, skinless chicken breasts (about 2 pounds); Freshly ground black pepper; 4 ounces thinly sliced Black Forest ham; 4 ounces thinly sliced Gruyère cheese; 1 tablespoon olive oil; Kosher salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 400°F. Using a sharp knife, make an incision on thinner long side of chicken breast, cutting parallel through the breast but not all the way through. Season inside of chicken with pepper and stuff each with 1 oz. ham and 1 oz. cheese. Transfer chicken to a rimmed baking sheet and rub all over with oil; season lightly with salt and pepper. Roast chicken until an instant-read thermometer inserted into thickest part of breast registers 165°F, 12–15 minutes. Let cool slightly before slicing. Preheat oven to 400°F. Using a sharp knife, make an incision on thinner long side of chicke <END>
INPUT: roast, reduction, shallots, Madeira, peppercorns brine, racks lamb
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roast Rack of Lamb with Madeira-Peppercorn Reduction | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 medium shallots; 4 tablespoons (1/2 stick) chilled unsalted butter; 1 1/4 cups Madeira; 1 tablespoon drained green peppercorns in brine, coarsely chopped; 2 1 1/4-pound racks of lamb, trimmed | INSTRUCTIONS: Finely chop 2 medium shallots. Melt 1 tablespoon unsalted butter in heavy small saucepan over medium heat. Add chopped shallots and sauté until tender, about 3 minutes. Add Madeira and green peppercorns. Boil uncovered until mixture is reduced to cup, about 12 minutes. Remove sauce from heat. Arrange trimmed racks of lamb on rimmed baking sheet. Cut remaining 4 medium shallots in half and push through garlic press. Coat lamb with pressed shallots. Sprinkle with salt and pepper. (Can be prepared 8 hours ahead. Cover sauce and lamb separately and refrigerate.) Preheat oven to 400°F. Roast lamb 2 <END>
INPUT: American, fajitas, garlic, lime juice, olive oil, hot smoked Spanish, cilantro
OUTPUT: TITLE: Skirt Steak Fajitas with Grilled Cabbage and Scallions | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 4 garlic cloves, peeled; 1/4 cup fresh lime juice; 1/4 cup olive oil; 3 tablespoons hot smoked Spanish paprika; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro; 1 tablespoon ground cumin; 1 teaspoon kosher salt; 1 teaspoon onion powder; 2 pounds skirt steak, cut into 4 equal pieces; 1/2 medium head green cabbage, cut into 2 wedges, core intact; 1 large white onion, halved with some root end attached; 1 bunch scallions, trimmed; 6 tablespoons olive oil, divided; Kosher salt, freshly ground pepper; 1 freshly ground pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: For steak: Purée garlic, lime juice, oil, paprika, cilantro, cumin, salt, and onion powder in a blender until smooth. Transfer marinade to a resealable plastic bag and add steak. Seal bag and turn to coat; chill at least 4 hours. DO AHEAD: Steak can be marinated 1 day ahead. Keep chilled. Purée garlic, lime juice, oil, paprika, cilantro, cumin, salt, and onion powder in a blender until smooth. Transfer marinade to a resealable plastic bag and add steak. Seal bag and turn to coat; chill at least 4 hours. DO AHEAD: Steak can be marinated 1 day ahead. Keep chilled. For vegetables and assembly: Pr <END>
INPUT: Indian, legs, grits, hind quarters suckling, sugar, salt, Water, molasses
OUTPUT: TITLE: Smoked Legs of Suckling Pig with Garlic-Bacon Grits and Cassia Apple Chutney | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 2 hind quarters suckling pig, about 6 pounds each; 2 cups sugar; 1 cup salt; Water, to cover; 1/2 cup molasses; 1/2 cup dark soy sauce; 1/4 cup Chinese black vinegar; 1 tablespoon ginger powder; 1 tablespoon five spice powder; 1 cup rice; 1 cup black tea leaves; 1 cup sugar; 6 slices bacon; 12 cloves garlic, thinly sliced; 1 medium white onion, minced | INSTRUCTIONS: Brine the legs in the sugar, salt and water mixture overnight. Set up a steamer with a large bamboo basket and cover. In a bowl, mix together molasses, soy, vinegar, ginger and five spice powder. Brush the glaze on the legs and place in the steamer. Steam for 2 to 3 hours on low steam, occasionally brushing more glaze on and checking the water level. When a paring knife can easily penetrate the pork, it's ready. Pull steamer basket with the pork off, glaze again and set aside. Dump water out of wok, wipe dry and line with foil. Add the rice, tea and sugar and mix well. Turn wok on medium heat  <END>
INPUT: Mexican, cornmeal cracker crumbs, salt, coconut, sugar, eggs
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lime Coconut Pie | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons cornmeal cracker crumbs; Pinch of salt; 2 1/4 cups sweetened shredded coconut; 1 1/4 cups sugar; 4 large eggs, separated; 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, melted; 2 large egg yolks; 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted; 1/4 teaspoon cream of tartar; 3/4 cup freshly squeezed lime juice; Finely grated zest of 1 lime; 3/4 cups sugar cookie or graham | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine the topping and crust ingredients. Press one half of the mixture into the bottom and sides of an ungreased 10-inch glass or ceramic pie plate, building up the sides to the top of the plate to form an edge. Reserve remaining mixture for the topping. To make the lime curd, combine the butter, lime juice, cornmeal, salt and 3/4 cup of the sugar in a large bowl over a pan of simmering water with the bottom not touching the water, and slowly cook, scraping the sides of the bowl and whisking occasionally, another 15 minutes, or until thickened. Cover with plastic and refrigerate. Stir the cu <END>
INPUT: Mexican, quesadilla, low fat Monterey, smoked chicken breast, avocado, chiles
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken and Avocado Quesadilla | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 8 (6-inch) corn tortillas; 6 ounces low-fat Monterey jack cheese; 8 ounces smoked chicken breast, cubed; 1 ripe avocado, diced small; 1 cup green chiles, drained; 4 tablespoons chopped cilantro leaves; 4 ounces fat-free sour cream | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat a sturdy cast iron pan or griddle over medium-high heat. When the griddle is hot, place 1 tortilla on the griddle and sprinkle 1/8 of the cheese on tortilla. Top with 1/4 of the chicken mixture, 1/4 of the avocado, 1/4 of the green chiles, and 1/4 of the cilantro, and another 1/8 of the cheese. Top with another tortilla. When cheese begins to melt, flip with wide spatula and continue cooking until cheese is melted. Remove from griddle to cutting board. Cut into 4 pieces. Repeat process 3 more times. Serve with fat-free sour cream on the side. <END>
INPUT: wrapped, stemmed Mission figs, Port, water, sugar, Dijon style mustard
OUTPUT: TITLE: Prosciutto-Wrapped Breadsticks with Fig | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup finely chopped stemmed dried Black Mission figs; 2 tablespoons Port; 1/4 cup water; 1 1/2 teaspoons sugar; 1/2 teaspoon Dijon-style mustard; 1/4 teaspoon fresh lemon juice, or to taste; 18 very thin slices of prosciutto (about 6 ounces); 18 grissini (long thin breadsticks) | INSTRUCTIONS: Make the fig spread: In a small saucepan simmer the figs in the Port and the water with the sugar, covered, for 20 minutes and simmer the mixture, uncovered, until the liquid is reduced to about 1 tablespoon. In a food processor (preferably small) purée the fig mixture with the mustard and the lemon juice and transfer the spread to a small bowl. The fig spread may be made 1 week in advance, kept covered and chilled, and allowed to return to room temperature. Working with 1 prosciutto slice at a time, spread one side of each slice with 1/2 teaspoon of the fig spread, fold the slice lengthwise i <END>
INPUT: twice, russet potatoes, unsalted butter, sour cream, chives, parsley
OUTPUT: TITLE: Horseradish-Bacon Twice-Baked Potatoes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 5 medium russet potatoes (10 to 12 ounces each); 1 stick plus 1 tablespoon unsalted butter; 1 cup sour cream; 1/2 cup chopped fresh chives, plus more for topping; 1/4 cup chopped fresh parsley; 4 to 5 tablespoons horseradish, drained; Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper; Crumbled cooked bacon, for topping | INSTRUCTIONS: Position racks in the middle and upper third of the oven; preheat to 400 degrees F. Scrub the potatoes and dry well. Bake directly on the middle oven rack until easily pierced with a knife, 45 to 50 minutes. Remove from the oven; let cool 5 minutes. One at a time, hold each potato with a kitchen towel and halve lengthwise. Scoop the flesh into a large bowl, leaving a 1/4-inch-thick shell. Discard 2 of the potato skins. Mash the flesh with 6 tablespoons butter and 3/4 cup sour cream until smooth. Stir in the chives, parsley and 2 to 3 tablespoons horseradish; season with salt and pepper. Melt t <END>
INPUT: American, unsalted butter, cinnamon graham cracker, sugar, salt, fine quality bittersweet
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate Cinnamon Cream Pie | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 5 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted; 1 1/2 cups cinnamon graham cracker crumbs (from about twelve 5-by 21/2-inch crackers); 2 tablespoons sugar; 1/8 teaspoon salt; 6 ounces fine-quality bittersweet chocolate (no more than 60% cacao if marked); 2 tablespoons cornstarch; 1/3 cup packed light brown sugar, divided; 2 whole large eggs; 2 large egg yolks; 2 cups whole milk; 1/2 cup heavy cream; 1/8 teaspoon salt; 1/2 stick unsalted butter, cut into tablespoons; 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract; 1 1/2 cups chilled heavy cream | INSTRUCTIONS: Make crust: Preheat oven to 350°F with rack in middle. Stir together all crust ingredients. Press over bottom and up side of a 9-inch pie plate. Bake until set, 12 to 15 minutes, then cool. Preheat oven to 350°F with rack in middle. Stir together all crust ingredients. Press over bottom and up side of a 9-inch pie plate. Bake until set, 12 to 15 minutes, then cool. Make filling: Melt chocolate in a large bowl. Stir together cornstarch and 2 tablespoons brown sugar in a small bowl. Whisk together whole eggs and yolks in another bowl, then whisk in cornstarch mixture. Stir together milk, cream,  <END>
INPUT: Mexican, shrimp, onion, cilantro, chipotles adobe sauce, coconut oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chipotle Shrimp with Avocado Cream | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound shrimp, peeled and deveined; 1 red onion, chopped; 1 bunch cilantro, chopped; 1 can chipotles in adobe sauce; 2 tablespoons coconut oil; 1 tablespoon garlic powder; Salt and pepper; Honey; 3 avocados, diced; 3 limes, juiced; 1/2 cup sour cream; 1 tablespoon adobo powder; 3 jalapenos, diced; Vegetable oil, for pan | INSTRUCTIONS: In a bowl, combine the shrimp with half of the red onions, a handful of chopped cilantro, 2 teaspoons adobo sauce, and the coconut oil, garlic powder, some salt and pepper, and a drizzle of honey. Marinate in the refrigerator for 30 minutes. Combine the avocados, lime juice, sour cream, adobo powder and the remaining onions in a bowl. Mix until you have a smooth paste; press through a fine-mesh sieve. Stir in the jalapenos. Set a saute pan over medium-high heat and coat with vegetable oil. Add the marinated shrimp; cook until pink throughout. Finish with a handful of fresh cilantro. Spread the <END>
INPUT: Italian, linguine, uncooked shrimp, onions, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Linguine with Garlic Shrimp and Basil | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 12 ounces linguine; 6 tablespoons (3/4 stick) butter; 1 1/2 pounds uncooked large shrimp, peeled, deveined; 6 green onions, chopped; 6 garlic cloves, coarsely chopped; 1/2 cup dry white wine; 2 teaspoons finely grated lemon peel; 2 8-ounce bottles clam juice; 1/2 cup whipping cream; 1/2 cup chopped fresh basil | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook pasta in pot of boiling salted water until tender but still firm to bite; drain. Melt butter in large skillet over medium-high heat. Add shrimp; sprinkle with salt and pepper. Sauté shrimp until almost opaque in center, about 2 minutes. Using slotted spoon, transfer shrimp to medium bowl. Add onions and garlic to same skillet; sauté 1 minute. Add wine and lemon peel. Boil until reduced to glaze, about 2 minutes. Add clam juice and cream; boil until sauce thickens, about 8 minutes. Return shrimp and juices to skillet. Add pasta; toss to coat. Mix in basil. Season with salt and pepper. Cook <END>
INPUT: salad, bitter, lemon juice, shallot, thyme, orange peel, virgin olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Salad of Bitter Greens and Oranges | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 2 tablespoons minced shallot; 2 1/4 teaspoons chopped fresh thyme; 1 1/2 teaspoons grated orange peel; 1/2 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 1 1/2 5-ounce bags baby greens or 12 cups torn mixed greens (such as arugula, sorrel, watercress, radicchio, and endive); 4 green onions, thinly sliced; 1/2 cup thinly sliced radishes; 1/2 cup chopped fresh dill; 3 oranges, peeled, halved, cut crosswise into half-circles | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine lemon juice, shallot, thyme, and orange peel in small bowl. Gradually whisk in oil. Season dressing to taste with salt and pepper. (Can be made 1 day ahead. Cover; chill. Bring to room temperature and whisk to combine before using.) Combine greens, green onions, radishes, and dill in large bowl. Toss with enough dressing to coat. Add oranges; toss again and serve. Combine lemon juice, shallot, thyme, and orange peel in small bowl. Gradually whisk in oil. Season dressing to taste with salt and pepper. (Can be made 1 day ahead. Cover; chill. Bring to room temperature and whisk to combine <END>
INPUT: frittata, onion, unsalted butter, eggs, heavy cream, goat cheese
OUTPUT: TITLE: Smoked Salmon Frittata | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 medium onion, diced; 1 tablespoon unsalted butter; 12 extra-large eggs; 1 cup heavy cream; 4 ounces fresh goat cheese, such as Montrachet, crumbled; 1/2 pound smoked salmon, chopped; 3 scallions, chopped, white and light green parts; 3 tablespoons chopped fresh dill; 1 teaspoon kosher salt; 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Saute the onion and butter in a 10-inch oven-proof omelet pan over medium-low heat until translucent, about 5 minutes. In a large bowl, beat the eggs. Add the heavy cream, goat cheese, smoked salmon, scallions, dill, salt, and pepper and combine. Pour the mixture over the onions and place the omelet pan in the center of the oven. Bake the frittata for about 50 minutes, until it puffs and a knife inserted in the middle comes out clean. Serve hot directly from the pan. <END>
INPUT: chesapeake, oyster, Oil, jumbo Maryland soft, milk, buttermilk, masa
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chesapeake Oyster Stew, Crispy Soft Shell Crab, Maryland Jumbo Lump Crab Imperial Eastern Shore Swee | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Oil; 6 jumbo Maryland soft shell crabs; 1 cup whole milk; 1/2 cup buttermilk; 1/4 cup masa (also known as corn flour, which is available in your local supermarket); 1/2 cup all-purpose flour; Pinch seafood seasoning (recommended: Old Bay); Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 tablespoon butter; 1 tablespoon all-purpose flour; 1/2 cup whole milk; 1/4 cup cream; 1 tablespoon sherry; 1/2 lemon, juiced; Hot sauce, to taste | INSTRUCTIONS: For the Soft Shell Crab: Either preheat fryer, or a Dutch oven filled halfway with oil, to 250 degrees F. Clean crabs and cover with milk and buttermilk. Place in refrigerator until chilled, about 10 minutes. Mix together flours and seasonings. Remove crabs from milk and drain excess. Dip into seasoned flour and shake off excess. Carefully lower into preheated oil. Fry for approximately 3 minutes until crispy and golden brown. Remove from hot oil, drain, hold for final assembly. Maryland Jumbo Lump Crab Imperial: In a small saute pan, melt butter and whisk in flour to form a light roux. Cook r <END>
INPUT: chowder, Jonah crabs, potatoes, onion, celery
OUTPUT: TITLE: Smoked Corn and Crab Chowder with Mount Gay Rum | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 12 Jonah crabs; 2 cups potatoes, cut into 1/4-inch dice; 1/4 pound (1 stick) butter; 1 cup onion, finely diced; 1/2 cup celery, finely diced; 1/4 cup red pepper, finely diced; 1/4 cup green pepper, finely diced; 1 cup all-purpose flour; 1/2 gallon half-and-half; 2 cups hickory smoked corn (from 6 ears corn); 1-ounce sherry pepper sauce (recommended: Outerbridges Sherry Pepper Sauce); 1-ounce rum (recommend: Mount Gay); Paprika, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Fill a large stockpot with 1 gallon water. Bring water to a boil, add the crabs, and cook until tender and cooked through. Remove crabs when done and set aside to cool. Over high heat, reduce the cooking liquid until 1 quart remains to make crab stock. When crabs are cool enough, pick the crabmeat and reserve (should yield about 1 pound of meat). Meanwhile, place potatoes in a large saucepan with enough cold water to cover. Bring to a boil and cook potatoes until al dente. Drain and then place potatoes in a bowl of ice water to stop the cooking. Melt the butter over medium-low heat in the same <END>
INPUT: Kosher salt, broccoli rabe, virgin olive oil, garlic, pepper flakes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sauteed Broccoli Rabe | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Kosher salt; 1 bunch broccoli rabe, tough, non-leafy stems removed; Extra-virgin olive oil; 3 cloves garlic, smashed; Pinch crushed red pepper flakes | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring a large pot of well salted water to a boil. Set up a bowl of well salted ice water. Drop the broccoli rabe into the boiling water and cook for 1 minute. Remove from the boiling water and plunge immediately into the ice water. Once cool remove from the ice water and let dry. It can be used right away or held for future use. Coat a large saute pan with olive oil. Add the smashed garlic and crushed red pepper and bring to medium heat. Once the garlic is brown and aromatic, remove it from the pan and discard. It has fulfilled its garlic destiny. Add the broccoli rabe and toss around in the o <END>
INPUT: toasts, lemon juice, virgin olive oil, pepper, kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Artichoke Toasts | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 (12-ounce) can quartered artichokes; 4 ounces lemon juice; 4 ounces extra-virgin olive oil; 1 tablespoon freshly ground black pepper; 1 tablespoon kosher salt; 1/2 cup chopped fresh parsley leaves; 1-ounce whole coriander seeds; Dash hot sauce; 1 loaf baguette, sliced 1/2-inch thick, brushed with a mixture of olive oil, garlic, salt, black pepper, rosemary, and thyme; Garlic Aioli, recipe follows; Quartered, marinated artichoke hearts, for garnish; 1 roasted red pepper, peeled, seeded, and sliced; 1-ounce fresh basil leaves, very thinly sliced; 2 eggs*; 1 tablespoon Thai chili-garlic sauce (recommended: Sriracha) | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large bowl, combine the artichokes, lemon juice, olive oil, pepper, salt, parsley, coriander seeds, and hot sauce; mix well. Refrigerate and marinate overnight. Preheat the oven broiler and spread the bread slices onto a baking sheet. Broil the bread slices until they are toasted. Spread the sliced bread generously with Garlic Aioli, top with a marinated artichoke, a strip of red pepper, and then sprinkle with basil. Serve immediately. In a blender or food processor, combine the eggs, chili-garlic sauce, lemon juice, and garlic. Pulse until well mixed, and then slowly pour in the olive oi <END>
INPUT: pancakes, jicama, Juice lemon, onion, egg, all purpose flour
OUTPUT: TITLE: Jicama Pancakes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cups shredded jicama (see Note); Juice of I lemon; 2 tablespoons grated onion; I large egg, beaten; I tablespoon all-purpose flour; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1 teaspoon minced habanero chile; 1 russet potato, peeled; 3 tablespoons vegetable oil, or as needed | INSTRUCTIONS: Toss the jicama in a colander with the lemon juice and let sit for 15 minutes. Using your hands, squeeze as much water as you possibly can out of the jicama, a handful at a time. Spread on a doubled layer of paper towels and blot with more paper towels. In a large bowl, toss the jicama with the onion, egg, flour, salt, and chili. Toss well to be sure the chile is evenly distributed in the mixture. Grate the potato into the bowl on the largest hole of the grater and toss again. In a large cast-iron skillet, heat I tablespoon of the oil over medium-high heat until very hot. Form the mixture into <END>
INPUT: herb, virgin olive oil, vegetable oil, Salt, sweet onions, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Herb and Lemon Butter Mussels | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil; 1 tablespoon vegetable oil; Salt; 1 1/2 tablespoons chopped sweet onions, such as Vidalia; 2 teaspoons chopped garlic; 2 tablespoons diced fresh tomatoes; 1 tablespoon finely sliced scallions; 3 large leaves fresh basil, sliced chiffonade-style; 2 cups Prince Edward Island (P.E.I.) mussels; Juice of 1 lemon; 2 ounces fruity Chardonnay wine, plus more if needed; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh parsley; 2 tablespoons butter; Toasted bread, for serving | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat the olive oil and vegetable oil in a large saute pan on medium heat. When the pan is hot, add a pinch of salt along with the onions and garlic. Sweat until they are a tad past translucent and are just starting to acquire color. Before the garlic starts to brown, add the tomatoes, scallions and basil. Saute so that the flavors blend together, 1 to 1 1/2 minutes more. Add the mussels to the pan. Next, add the lemon juice and then the Chardonnay to deglaze the pan, and then quickly cover with a lid to steam the mussels. Note: Do not open for at least 1 1/2 to 2 minutes so the mussels can ste <END>
INPUT: American, stir, fish sauce, ginger, garlic, honey, Juice lime
OUTPUT: TITLE: Flank Steak Stir-Fry | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons fish sauce (or soy sauce); 1 heaping tablespoon finely sliced fresh ginger; 1 tablespoon chopped garlic; 2 teaspoons honey; Juice of 1/2 lime; 1 bunch scallions, sliced; 1 pound flank steak, thinly sliced; 2 tablespoons chopped garlic; 1 tablespoon finely sliced fresh ginger; 4 tablespoons vegetable oil; 4 cups thinly sliced vegetables (bell peppers, broccoli, snow peas, bok choy, etc.); 2 to 3 tablespoons soy sauce; Steamed rice, for serving | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. For the marinated steak: Combine the fish sauce, ginger, garlic, honey, lime juice and 1 tablespoon of the sliced scallions in a bowl and whisk to combine. Add the steak and toss well to coat. For the stir-fry: Mix the remaining sliced scallions with the garlic and ginger in a small bowl and set aside. Heat a large nonstick saute pan or wok over high heat. Add 1 tablespoon of the vegetable oil and half of the steak. Spread into a single layer and let sear 30 seconds. Toss the meat, spread back out and sear again, another 1 1/2 to 2 minutes. Toss once more and rem <END>
INPUT: kardea, shrimp, carrot, celery, onion, unsalted butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Kardea's Okra Soup with Shrimp | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups medium shrimp, peeled and deveined, shrimp reserved for the okra soup, shells cleaned in cold water and reserved for the shrimp broth; 1 cup large-chopped carrot; 1 cup large-chopped celery; 1 cup large-chopped onion; 1 tablespoon unsalted butter; 1 1/2 teaspoons kosher salt; 1 bay leaf; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 2 garlic cloves, minced; 1 large onion, chopped; 1 medium green bell pepper, chopped; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 2 cups fresh or thawed frozen corn; 2 cups thawed frozen lima beans; 1 cup diced fresh Roma tomatoes | INSTRUCTIONS: For the shrimp broth: Put the shrimp shells, carrots, celery, onions, butter, salt, bay leaf and 10 cups water in a large pot. Bring to a boil for 5 minutes. Reduce the heat and simmer, covered, for about 45 minutes, making sure to skim off and discard any impurities that rise to the top. Strain the liquid, reserving 3 cups of the broth for the okra soup. Reserve the additional broth for another use. For the okra soup: Heat a large gumbo pot or Dutch oven over medium-high heat, add the olive oil, garlic, onions, green peppers and 1 tablespoon of the butter and saute until the vegetables soften <END>
INPUT: fruit, hibiscus tea, honey, apple cider, mint, apples
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fruit Cider | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 ounces hibiscus tea; 1/4 cup honey; 4 cups apple cider; 8 to 10 sprigs fresh mint; 2 apples, cut into 1 1/2-inch pieces; 2 pears, cut into 1 1/2-inch pieces; 2 oranges, sliced into half-moons | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring 4 cups water to a boil in a medium pot. Add the hibiscus tea and honey and let steep for 10 minutes. Strain out the tea and let cool completely. In a large pitcher, stir to combine the brewed tea, apple cider, mint, apples, pears and oranges. Fill glasses with ice and pour the fruit cider over to serve. <END>
INPUT: creamed, flat leaf parsley, shallot, salted butter, unpeeled garlic, ginger
OUTPUT: TITLE: Creamed Parsley | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 12 cups packed flat-leaf parsley sprigs (2- to 3-inch sprigs from about six 2-ounces bunches), tough stems discarded; 1/2 medium shallot, finely chopped; 1 tablespoon salted butter; 1 unpeeled small garlic clove, lightly smashed; 5 thin slices peeled ginger (from a 1/2-inch-diameter piece); 1/4 cup heavy cream; 3 tablespoons crème fraîche; 2 (3-inch-long) strips of orange zest; 1 mint sprig | INSTRUCTIONS: Blanch parsley in a large pot of boiling salted water (2 tablespoons salt for 4 quarts water) 20 seconds. Transfer parsley to an ice bath to stop cooking. Spin dry and blot with paper towels. Cook shallot in butter with garlic and ginger in a heavy medium skillet over medium heat, stirring occasionally, until softened, 3 to 4 minutes. Add cream, crème fraîche, and orange zest to skillet and simmer, stirring occasionally, 4 minutes. Add mint and remove from heat. Let stand, uncovered, 2 minutes. Discard garlic, ginger, zest, and mint. Return sauce to a simmer and add parsley, separating gently  <END>
INPUT: spinach, virgin olive oil, garlic, Kosher salt pepper, lemon wedges
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sauteed Spinach | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 pounds spinach; 2 to 4 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, divided; 1 large cloves garlic, peeled and crushed; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 4 lemon wedges (optional) | INSTRUCTIONS: Remove the spinach stems. Tear the leaves into large pieces. Fill a large bowl with cold water and wash the spinach. Repeat 2 or 3 times until the spinach is thoroughly cleaned. Drain. In a large skillet, heat half the oil over medium heat, add the garlic and stir until it begins to turn golden, about 3 minutes. Remove the garlic and discard. Add the spinach in batches, stirring to wilt, before adding more. When all the spinach has been added, raise the heat to high, season with salt and pepper, and cook, covered, for 3 minutes. Drain the spinach in a colander. Return spinach to the skillet to <END>
INPUT: layer, cake, unsweetened chocolate, all purpose flour, baking powder, baking soda, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate Stout Layer Cake with Chocolate Frosting | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 ounces unsweetened chocolate, chopped; 2 1/4 cups all purpose flour; 2 teaspoons baking powder; 1/2 teaspoon baking soda; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 14 tablespoons (1 3/4 sticks) salted butter, room temperature; 1 1/4 cups plus 3 tablespoons sugar; 3 large eggs, separated; 3/4 cup chocolate stout, regular stout, or porter; 2/3 cup freshly brewed strong coffee; 1 pound bittersweet chocolate (54% to 60% cacao), chopped; 2 cups heavy whipping cream; 1 teaspoon instant espresso powder | INSTRUCTIONS: For cake: Position rack in center of oven and preheat to 350°F. Butter and flour two 9-inch-diameter cake pans with 1 1/2-inch-high sides. Line bottom of each cake pan with parchment paper round; butter and flour parchment. Place chopped chocolate in medium metal bowl. Set bowl over saucepan of barely simmering water and stir until chocolate is melted and smooth. Remove bowl from over water and set aside. Whisk flour, baking powder, baking soda, and salt in medium bowl to blend. Using electric mixer, beat butter and 11/4 cups sugar in large bowl until fluffy and pale yellow, about 2 minutes. A <END>
INPUT: Asian, vegetables, kabocha buttercup squash, cauliflower, piece ginger, Kosher salt, snow peas
OUTPUT: TITLE: Steamed Vegetables With Roasted Chickpeas | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1 small kabocha or buttercup squash (about 2 pounds), seeded and cut into 1-inch-thick wedges; 1/2 head cauliflower, sliced into florets; 1 2 -inch piece ginger, peeled and thinly sliced; Kosher salt; 4 cups snow peas (about 8 ounces); 1/2 teaspoon coriander seeds, crushed; 2 tablespoons toasted sesame oil; 1 15 -ounce can chickpeas, drained and rinsed; 3 tablespoons unsalted butter; 4 scallions, thinly sliced; Freshly ground pepper; Cooked brown rice, for serving (optional); 1/4 cup thinly sliced fresh mint; Toasted sesame seeds, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Place the squash, cauliflower and ginger in a large steamer basket over a saucepan of simmering water and season with salt. Cover and steam until the vegetables are tender, about 25 minutes. Add the snow peas, remove the pan from the heat and keep covered until the peas are crisp-tender, about 5 minutes. Meanwhile, toast the coriander seeds in a skillet over medium-low heat until fragrant, about 1 minute. Add the sesame oil and increase the heat to medium-high. Add the chickpeas and cook until crisp, about 5 minutes. Add the butter and scallions; remove from the heat. Divide the vegetables amo <END>
INPUT: pudding, up stale bread, vanilla, eggs, cocoa, milk
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate Bread Pudding | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 1/2 cups cut-up stale bread; 1 teaspoon vanilla; 2 eggs; 2 tablespoons cocoa; 2 cups milk; 1 teaspoon cinnamon; 1/4 cup sugar; 3/4 cup chocolate chips; Salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Place bread in a round, buttered, deep dish pie plate. In a medium bowl whisk together eggs, milk, sugar, a dash of salt, vanilla, cocoa, and cinnamon . Add chocolate chips. Pour over bread and gently mix. Let sit for 15 minutes, so bread can absorb mixture. Bake for 30 to 40 minutes until firm but not dry. <END>
INPUT: American, sugar, cornstarch, water, grapefruit
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grapefruit Pie | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup sugar; 3 tablespoons cornstarch; 1 1/2 cups water; 1 (3-ounce) box strawberry gelatin; 2 large red grapefruit, sectioned; 1 prebaked pie shell; Whipped cream, for serving | INSTRUCTIONS: In medium saucepan, combine sugar and cornstarch, add water and cook over medium heat until thick and clear. Add strawberry gelatin and stir to dissolve. Let cool, and add grapefruit sections. Pour mixture into baked pie shell and chill until firm, about 2 hours. Top with whipped cream and serve. <END>
INPUT: tabbouleh, salad, olive oil, lemon juice, garlic, bulgur, boiling water
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lemon-Mint and Tabbouleh Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup olive oil; 1/4 cup fresh lemon juice; 3 large garlic cloves, minced; 1 cup bulgur (cracked wheat); 1 cup boiling water; 1 cup chopped seeded plum tomatoes; 1/2 cup chopped fresh Italian parsley; 2 large green onions, chopped; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh mint | INSTRUCTIONS: Whisk oil, lemon juice, and garlic in small bowl to blend; set aside. Place bulgur in large bowl. Mix in 1 cup boiling water. Let stand until bulgur is tender and water is absorbed, about 15 minutes. Mix in tomatoes, parsley, green onions, and mint. Add oil mixture; toss to blend. Season with salt and pepper. Let stand at least 30 minutes to blend flavors. (Can be made 1 day ahead. Cover; chill.) Whisk oil, lemon juice, and garlic in small bowl to blend; set aside. Place bulgur in large bowl. Mix in 1 cup boiling water. Let stand until bulgur is tender and water is absorbed, about 15 minutes.  <END>
INPUT: gravlax, salt, sugar, peppercorns, salmon filets, dill
OUTPUT: TITLE: Gravlax with Mustard Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup salt; 1/2 cup sugar; 2 tablespoons cracked white peppercorns; 2 to3 pounds fresh salmon filets (preferably center piece, skin on); 3 bunches fresh dill; Mustard sauce, recipe follows; 1 tablespoon sweet mustard; 1 teaspoon French mustard; 2 teaspoons sugar; 1 1/2 tablespoons white wine vinegar; Salt; Pepper; 3/4 cup salad oil; 1/4 cup chopped dill | INSTRUCTIONS: Mix salt, sugar and white peppercorns. Take a handful and rub it on both sides of the salmon. Place the salmon in a dish and sprinkle the rest of the mix on top. Cover the salmon with dill and let it stand for six hours at room temperature. Put in the refrigerator for 24 to 30 hours, depending on how thick the salmon is. To serve: Slice the salmon off the skin in thin slices, and place them on a platter. Cut the skin in pieces, approximately 1/2-inch wide, and blacken the skins in a very hot cast iron skillet. Decorate the platter with lemon, dill and skin. Mix the mustards, sugar and vinegar  <END>
INPUT: Indian, hurry, mild Indian curry, wine vinegar, ginger, cumin, cardamom
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken Curry in a Hurry | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup mild Indian curry paste (such as Patak's); 1/3 cup white wine vinegar; 3 tablespoons minced peeled fresh ginger; 2 teaspoons ground cumin; 1 1/2 teaspoons ground cardamom; 1 3-to 3 1/2-pound cut-up chicken; 1 tablespoon olive oil; 3 cups chopped onions (about 2 medium); 1 14 1/2-ounce can diced tomatoes in juice; 1/3 cup chopped fresh cilantro | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine curry paste, white wine vinegar, ginger, cumin, and cardamom in processor; blend to paste. Transfer spice paste to large bowl; add cut-up chicken pieces and rub to coat well, then sprinkle generously with salt and pepper. Heat 1 tablespoon olive oil in large nonstick skillet over medium-high heat. Add chicken pieces and any spice paste remaining in bowl to skillet; cook until well browned, about 3 minutes per side. Transfer chicken to bowl. Add onions to skillet; sauté until golden, adding water by tablespoonfuls if dry, about 5 minutes. Add diced tomatoes with juice; bring to simmer.  <END>
INPUT: coffee, cake, all purpose flour, stoneground cornmeal, sugar, baking powder, baking soda
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cornmeal Apple Coffee Cake | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/3 cups all-purpose flour; 2/3 cup stoneground cornmeal; 1/3 cup brown sugar; 1 tablespoon baking powder; 1 teaspoon baking soda; Pinch of salt; 1/2 cup plain yogurt; 1/4 cup whole milk; 2 large eggs plus 1 egg white; 2 tablespoons vegetable oil; 2 large apples, peeled, cored and diced; 1 teaspoon cinnamon | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F. Lightly oil a 9 inch round cake pan and set aside. Place the flour, cornmeal, brown sugar, baking powder, baking soda and salt in a large bowl and mix to combine. In a small bowl, combine the yogurt and milk, and whisk in the eggs, egg white and oil and set aside. Toss the apples with the cinnamon. Add to the dry ingredients and toss to coat the fruit. Add the yogurt mixture and, using a rubber spatula, mix until just combined. The mixture will be lumpy, but should not be overmixed. Pour the mixture into the prepared cake pan, spreading it out to the edges. Bake  <END>
INPUT: blanched almonds, unsalted butter, coarse fine sea
OUTPUT: TITLE: Salted Almonds | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup blanched whole almonds; 1 teaspoon unsalted butter; 1 teaspoon coarse or fine sea salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350° F. In a baking pan spread almonds in one layer and toast in middle of oven until golden, about 12 minutes. Toss almonds with butter and salt until coated well and butter is melted. Preheat oven to 350° F. In a baking pan spread almonds in one layer and toast in middle of oven until golden, about 12 minutes. Toss almonds with butter and salt until coated well and butter is melted. <END>
INPUT: pilaf, butter, garlic, onions, cremini mushrooms, mushrooms
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mushroom Pilaf | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 tablespoons butter; 3 cloves garlic, finely minced; 2 medium onions, chopped; 1 pound cremini mushrooms, roughly chopped; 1 pound white mushrooms, roughly chopped; 8 ounces shiitake mushrooms, stems removed, roughly chopped; 2 cups long-grain rice; 1/2 cup white wine; 3 cups chicken stock; 1/4 teaspoon turmeric; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. In a medium pan, melt the butter. Add the garlic and onions and cook for 2 minutes. Add the cremini, white mushrooms and shiitakes and cook until most of the liquid has reduced, about 5 minutes. Add the rice and stir to coat. Deglaze with the wine. Add the chicken stock, turmeric and salt and pepper and stir. Bring to a simmer and simmer with the lid on until the liquid is absorbed and the rice is tender, 15 to 20 minutes. When it's done, sprinkle over some chopped parsley and serve. <END>
INPUT: vegetarian, pate, spinach, walnuts, loosely cilantro leaves, loosely tarragon leaves, loosely dill fronds
OUTPUT: TITLE: Vegetarian Spinach-Walnut Pate | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 pounds fresh spinach (not baby), large stems removed; 3/4 cup walnuts, plus more, chopped, for garnish; 1/2 cup loosely packed fresh cilantro leaves; 1/4 cup loosely packed fresh tarragon leaves; 1/4 cup loosely packed fresh dill fronds; 2 tablespoons white wine vinegar; 3 scallions, roughly chopped; 2 small cloves garlic, smashed; Kosher salt; 1/4 teaspoon ground coriander; Pinch cayenne pepper; 2 tablespoons pomegranate seeds; Crackers or crudites, for serving | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: 5-inch ramekin Bring a large pot of water to a boil. Line a 5-inch ramekin with plastic wrap, leaving at least a 2-inch overhang; smooth out the plastic in the ramekin as much as possible. Add the spinach to the pot of water, stir to submerge and cook until wilted and tender, about 2 minutes. Drain and let cool completely. Squeeze every last drop of water out of the spinach, then finely chop. Transfer to a medium bowl. Process the walnuts, 1/3 cup warm water, cilantro, tarragon, dill, vinegar, scallions, garlic, 1 1/4 teaspoons salt, coriander and cayenne in a food processor <END>
INPUT: boiling potatoes, lemon juice, oregano, parsley, virgin olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Lemon Potatoes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 pounds white boiling potatoes, peeled and cut into 3/4-inch cubes, or small red potatoes; 1/4 cup fresh lemon juice; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh oregano; 3 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley; 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; Smoked paprika, to taste | INSTRUCTIONS: Place the potatoes in a large pot. Pour in enough salted cold water to cover by 2 inches. Bring to a boil over high heat. Boil until slightly softened, about 5 minutes. Drain and transfer to a large bowl. Toss with the lemon juice and let sit for 15 minutes. Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F. Add the oregano, parsley, olive oil, salt, and pepper to the potatoes and toss. Transfer to a shallow baking sheet and roast, stirring occasionally, until golden, about 35 minutes. Sprinkle the potatoes with the paprika. Serve hot. <END>
INPUT: brown, muffins, bananas, agave syrup honey, unsalted butter, egg, self rising flour
OUTPUT: TITLE: Brown Butter Banana Muffins | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 ripe bananas; 1/3 cup raw agave syrup or honey; 1 stick unsalted butter; 1 large egg; 1 3/4 cups self-rising flour | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Line a 12-cup muffin tin with paper muffin liners. Peel the bananas and add to a large bowl. Add the agave syrup and mash the bananas with a fork until very liquefied but still a little lumpy. Melt the butter in a small saucepan or skillet over medium heat. Cook, stirring occasionally, until the milk solids have turned a nutty golden brown. To the brown butter, add about 1 cup of the mashed banana mixture and whisk to combine. Cook for a few more minutes until a darker golden color is achieved. Add to the remaining mashed banana <END>
INPUT: dressing, day old cornbread, breakfast sausage links, onions, celery
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cornbread, Sausage, and Pecan Dressing | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 cup (1 1/2 sticks) unsalted butter plus more for baking dish; 1 pound day-old cornbread, broken into 1 1/2"-2" pieces (9 cups); 1 pound breakfast sausage links, casings removed; 2 1/2 cups chopped yellow onions; 1 1/2 cups 1/4" slices celery; 1/4 cup apple cider vinegar; 3 cups low-sodium chicken broth, divided; 1 1/4 cups chopped toasted pecans (optional); 1/2 cup chopped flat-leaf parsley; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh sage; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh rosemary; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh thyme; 2 teaspoons kosher salt; 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 2 large eggs | INSTRUCTIONS: Arrange racks in upper and lower thirds of oven; preheat to 250°F. Butter a 13x9x2" baking dish; set aside. Scatter cornbread in a single layer on 2 rimmed baking sheets. Bake, stirring often and rotating sheets halfway through, until dried out, about 1 hour. Let cool. Transfer to a very large mixing bowl. Meanwhile, cook sausage in a large skillet over medium-high heat, breaking up into 1/2"-1" pieces with a wooden spoon, until browned, 8-10 minutes. Transfer to bowl with cornbread but do not stir. Heat 3/4 cup butter in same skillet; add onions and celery and cook, stirring often, until soft <END>
INPUT: ribs, vegetable oil, onion, garlic, ketchup, cola
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sweet Cola Ribs | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon vegetable oil; 1 medium onion, finely chopped; 3 cloves garlic, finely chopped; 2 cups ketchup; 1 can cola; 1/2 cup apple cider vinegar; 2 tablespoons brown sugar; 1/2 tablespoon freshly ground black pepper; 1/2 tablespoon onion powder; 1/2 tablespoon ground mustard; 1/2 tablespoon lemon juice; 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce; 2 tablespoons salt; 2 tablespoons brown sugar; 2 teaspoons garlic powder | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. For the sauce: In a medium saucepan, over medium heat, add oil. Once heated, add the onion and garlic and saute until tender. Add all the remaining sauce ingredients and bring to a boil. Reduce heat to a simmer and cook uncovered, stirring frequently, for 1 hour 15 minutes. For the dry rub: Whisk all dry ingredients together in a small bowl. This can be stored up to 6 months in an airtight container. For the ribs: Rinse and dry ribs. Place on a clean cutting board, pull off the membrane and trim the ribs of excess fat. Liberally season both sides of the ribs with <END>
INPUT: Mexican, pork tenderloins, Canola peanut oil, Kosher salt pepper, Prickly Pear Tequila, onions
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pork Tenderloin with Prickly Pear Tequila BBQ Sauce | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2 pork tenderloins, trimmed (about 1 1/2 to 2 pounds total); Canola or peanut oil, for brushing; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 1/2 cups Prickly Pear Tequila BBQ Sauce, recipe follows; 3 medium red onions, 2 whole, 1 minced; 1 tablespoon canola oil; 3/4 cup frozen prickly pear cactus puree, thawed; 3 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1/2 teaspoon coriander seed, freshly toasted and ground; 1 1/2 teaspoons cumin seed, freshly toasted and ground; 1 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes; 2 serrano chiles, ribs and seeds removed, minced; 3 garlic cloves, minced; 1 teaspoon lime zest; 1/2 cup white Worcestershire sauce | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat an outdoor grill to medium heat. Brush the pork tenderloins with oil. Season generously with salt and pepper. Use a clean cloth or rolled paper towels soaked with oil to season the grill. Grill the tenderloins, turning as necessary to mark them well on all sides. Use a basting brush to coat the tenderloins with sauce. Turn the tenderloins about every 2 minutes and reapply sauce to ensure even caramelization. Cook until an instant-read thermometer inserted in the center registers 145 degrees F (for medium doneness) to 160 degrees F (for well done). Remove the tenderloins to a wire rack  <END>
INPUT: Italian, casino, Pizza Dough, dozen hard shell, salt, bay leaves, lemon juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Clams Casino Pizza | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 recipe Pizza Dough, recipe follows; 2 dozen large hard-shell clams, such as cherrystone or chowder clams; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 2 bay leaves; 1 teaspoon freshly squeezed lemon juice; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; Extra-virgin olive oil; 1 medium onion, chopped; 1 red bell pepper, cored, seeded, and chopped; 2 garlic cloves, chopped; 2 medium vine-ripe tomatoes, seeded and chopped; 2 fresh oregano sprigs, leaves striped from the stem; 1 (15-ounce) container ricotta cheese; 1/2 pound bacon strips, sliced; 1/2 cup freshly grated pecorino | INSTRUCTIONS: Make the pizza dough as directed in the master recipe. Stick a pizza stone in the oven and preheat them to 500 degrees F. Wash and scrub clams well to remove the exterior sand. Fill a steamer or pot with 1-inch of water, add 1/2 teaspoon of salt, and toss in the bay leaves. Heat until the water is simmering and then add the clams. Cover and steam for 5 to 10 minutes until the clams open - discard any that do not. Remove the clams from the shells, coarsely chop them up, and put in a bowl. Add the lemon juice, a drizzle of olive oil, and season with salt and pepper; set aside. Coat a saute pan w <END>
INPUT: kuchen, water, all purpose flour, sugar, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Plum Kuchen | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 (1/4-ounces) package active dry yeast; 1/4 cup warm water (105-110°F); 2 cups plus 2 tablespoons all-purpose flour, divided; 1 cup sugar, divided; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/2 cup plain whole-milk yogurt (preferably Greek-style) at room temperature; 1 large egg, warmed in shell in warm water 5 minutes; 1 1/2 teaspoon grated lemon zest; 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract; 1 1/4 sticks unsalted butter, cut into tablespoons and softened, divided; 3/4 pound firm-ripe plums (about 4 small), halved and pitted; Equipment: a stand mixer fitted with paddle attachment; Accompaniment: plain whole-milk yogurt (preferably Greek-style), sweetened | INSTRUCTIONS: Stir together yeast and warm water in mixer bowl and let stand until foamy, about 5 minutes. (If mixture doesn't foam, start over with new yeast.) Add 2 cups flour, 2/3 cup sugar, salt, yogurt, egg, zest, and vanilla to yeast mixture and mix at medium-low speed 1 minute. Beat in 1 stick butter, 1 Tbsp at a time, until incorporated. Beat at medium speed until dough is smooth and shiny, about 5 minutes. (Dough will be very sticky.) Scrape down side of bowl and sprinkle dough with remaining 2 tablespoons flour. Cover bowl with a kitchen towel (not terry cloth) and let dough rise in a draft-free p <END>
INPUT: raspberry, crisp, nectarines, raspberries, arrowroot powder, pure vanilla extract, quinoa flakes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Nectarine-Raspberry Crisp with Quinoa-Almond Topping | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 1/2 pounds ripe nectarines, pitted and cut into 1/2-inch slices; 1 1/2 cups raspberries; 1 tablespoon arrowroot powder; 2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract; 1/2 cup quinoa flakes; 1 cup almond meal; 1/2 cup brown rice flour; 1/4 cup gluten-free oat flour; 1/2 cup maple sugar, plus more for sprinkling; Pinch sea salt; 6 tablespoons melted extra-virgin coconut oil; 1 tablespoon maple syrup; 2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract; 1/2 cup toasted almonds, chopped; Pinch cinnamon | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. For the filling: Toss the nectarines, raspberries, arrowroot and vanilla in a large bowl to combine. Transfer the mixture to a 10-inch ovenproof skillet or baking dish, and spread out the fruit. For the topping: Toss the quinoa flakes, almond meal, rice flour, oat flour, maple sugar and salt in a medium bowl to combine. Drizzle in 4 tablespoons of the coconut oil, and stir to combine. Add the maple syrup and vanilla, and mix again. Stir in the almonds. Crumble the mixture over the fruit. Drizzle with the remaining 2 tablespoons coconut oil, and sprinkle with  <END>
INPUT: salad, purple potatoes, cauliflower florets, onion, wine vinegar, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Purple Potato Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 pounds purple potatoes; 3 cups small cauliflower florets; 1 red onion, thinly sliced; 1/4 cup white wine vinegar; 1 garlic clove, minced; 1/2 teaspoon ground cumin seeds; 3/4 cup olive oil; 1 cup chopped fresh Italian parsley; 1/2 cup blue cheese | INSTRUCTIONS: Steam potatoes until just tender. Cool. Cut into 2 inch pieces. Steam cauliflower until just tender. Cool. Combine potatoes, cauliflower, and onion in large bowl. Whisk vinegar, garlic and cumin in small bowl. Gradually whisk in oil. Pour dressing over salad and toss to coat. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Add parsley and toss gently. Sprinkle with blue cheese. <END>
INPUT: pudding, milk, vanilla bean, egg yolks, sugar, cornstarch
OUTPUT: TITLE: Banana Pudding | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups milk (whole, 2 percent fat, or 1 percent fat); 1/2 vanilla bean, split lengthwise; 6 egg yolks; 2/3 cup sugar; 1/4 cup cornstarch; 1 tablespoon cold unsalted butter; 2 bananas, sliced; 1 cup cream; 2 tablespoons sugar; 2 tablespoons cocoa powder; Banana leaves, optional | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine the milk and vanilla bean in a small saucepan and bring just to a boil over medium heat. Immediately turn off the heat and set aside to infuse for 10 minutes. Whisk the egg yolks and granulated sugar together until light and fluffy. Add the cornstarch and whisk vigorously until no lumps remain. Whisk in 1/4 cup of the hot milk mixture until incorporated. Whisk in the remaining hot milk mixture, reserving the empty saucepan. Pour the mixture through a strainer back into the saucepan. Cook over medium-high heat, whisking constantly, until thickened and slowly boiling. Remove from the hea <END>
INPUT: eggplants, garlic, shelled walnuts, virgin olive oil, strained lemon juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Eggplant Purée with Walnuts | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 large eggplants; 2 to 4 garlic cloves, peeled and minced; 1/2 cup shelled walnuts, coarsely chopped; 1/2 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 2 tablespoons strained fresh lemon juice; 1 to 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar; Salt to taste; 1/2 to 1 teaspoon sugar (optional) | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. Preheat oven to 450°F. Wash the eggplants and pat dry. Puncture the skin in several places with a fork. Place on an ungreased pan and bake for about 25 minutes, turning, until the skin is blistered and shriveled. Remove from oven and cool for a few minutes, until easy to handle. 2. While the eggplants are roasting, pulse the garlic, walnuts, and 2 tablespoons of the olive oil together in a food processor until ground and pastelike. 3. Cut off the stem and cut the eggplant in half lengthwise. Using a spoon, scrape out the pulp, discarding as many of the seeds as possible. Add the eggplant, a <END>
INPUT: Italian, open, faced, tomatoes, loaves ciabatta, pesto, Kosher salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Open-Faced Tomato, Mozzarella and Basil Sandwich | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 8 medium tomatoes; 3 (16-ounce) balls fresh mozzarella; 4 loaves ciabatta, sliced in 1/2 lengthwise; 1 cup prepared pesto; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 32 basil leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Core the tomatoes and slice each tomato and each ball of mozzarella into 1/4-inch thick slices. Place the sliced ciabatta loaves on a work surface, and spread each half evenly with 1/8 cup pesto. Place 4 slices of tomato and 3 slices mozzarella side by side on the top of each half loaf and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Place 4 basil leaves on top of each sandwich. Slice each half loaf crosswise into 4 serving portions, making sure that each piece has a slice of tomato, mozzarella and a basil leaf. <END>
INPUT: Asian, harvest, crisp, all purpose flour, cinnamon, fine sea salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Harvest Pear Crisp with Candied Ginger | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup all purpose flour; 1/2 cup (packed) dark brown sugar; 1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1/4 teaspoon fine sea salt; 1/2 cup (1 stick) chilled unsalted butter, cut into 1/2-inch cubes; 1 cup old-fashioned oats; 1/2 cup coarsely chopped whole raw almonds; 1/4 cup 1/4-inch cubes crystallized ginger; 1/2 cup sugar; 2 tablespoons cornstarch; 1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1/4 teaspoon fine sea salt; 4 pounds firm but ripe pears (6 to 7 large), peeled, cored, cut into 1/2-inch cubes (about 6 cups) | INSTRUCTIONS: For topping: Whisk first 4 ingredients in medium bowl. Add butter. Working quickly so butter does not soften, rub in with fingertips until moist clumps form. Stir in oats, almonds, and ginger. Chill while preparing filling. DO AHEAD: Can be made 1 day ahead. Cover and keep chilled. Whisk first 4 ingredients in medium bowl. Add butter. Working quickly so butter does not soften, rub in with fingertips until moist clumps form. Stir in oats, almonds, and ginger. Chill while preparing filling. DO AHEAD: Can be made 1 day ahead. Cover and keep chilled. For filling: Preheat oven to 350°F. Whisk first <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, dolmades, tomatoes, long grain rice, onions
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pine Nut Dolmades with Yogurt-Feta Dip | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 1 14 1/2 ounce can diced tomatoes; 1 cup long-grain white rice; 1 cup thinly sliced green onions; 1/2 cup (packed) finely chopped fresh mint (about 3 bunches); 1/2 cup (packed) finely chopped fresh dill (about 4 bunches); 1/2 cup pine nuts, toasted; 1/3 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 2 large garlic cloves, minced; 52 (about) grape leaves from jar (about two 2-pound jars); 1/4 cup fresh lemon juice; 1 cup plain yogurt (do not use low-fat or nonfat); 4 ounces feta cheese, crumbled; 1 large green onion, cut into 1-inch pieces; 1/4 teaspoon grated lemon peel | INSTRUCTIONS: For pine nut dolmades: Place tomatoes with their juice in large bowl. Add next 7 ingredients and mix to blend. Season with salt and pepper. Rinse grape leaves under cold water. Drain. Cover bottom of heavy large Dutch oven with grape leaves (about 6). Place 1 grape leaf on work surface, vein side up; cut off stem. Place about 1 tablespoon rice mixture in center of leaf toward stem end. Fold sides over filling. Starting at stem end of leaf, roll up tightly as for egg roll. Place in Dutch oven, seam side down. Repeat with more leaves and rice mixture, layering dolmades when bottom of pot is fill <END>
INPUT: cups, hash, pancetta, bacon, sweet potato, celery, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Bacon Cups with Sweet Potato Hash | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 24 slices pancetta, sliced 1/16-inch thick; 4 strips bacon; 1 large sweet potato, small diced; 4 stalks celery, diced; 1 small yellow onion, diced; 2 cloves garlic, chopped; 1 teaspoon paprika; 1/2 teaspoon red pepper flakes; Salt and freshly ground pepper; 24 fresh parsley leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Special equipment: 2 (24-count) nonstick mini muffin tin For Bacon Cups: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. Carefully place a slice of pancetta in one of the cups of the muffin tin making sure to gently press it into the cup like pie dough in a pie shell. Repeat with remaining slices of pancetta. Carefully place the second muffin tin on top of the first so that the pancetta is sandwiched in between the 2 tins. Flip the muffin tins upside down and place onto a sheet tray and bake in oven for 12 minutes. Remove from oven and carefully remove the top muffin tin. Let the <END>
INPUT: salad, cucumbers, English cucumber, wine vinegar, Big sugar, Salt pepper, olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Watercress and Smoked Salmon Salad with Creamy Cucumbers | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 English cucumber; 1/2 cup white wine vinegar; Big pinch sugar; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 4 tablespoons snipped fresh dill, plus fronds for garnish; 1/2 cup creme fraiche; 1 tablespoon prepared horseradish; 1 tablespoon coarse grain mustard; 1/4 lemon, juiced; 2 bunches watercress, stems trimmed; 1 cup yellow and red grape tomatoes; 8 ounces smoked salmon, torn into pieces; 1 lemon, cut into wedges | INSTRUCTIONS: Peel alternating strips from the cucumber, leaving some peel to create stripes, and slice into thin rounds. In a large bowl, combine the vinegar, sugar and some salt and pepper. Whisk in the olive oil, then 2 tablespoons of the dill. Add the cucumbers and toss. Combine the creme fraiche, horseradish, mustard, lemon juice and the remaining 2 tablespoons dill in a small bowl. Season with salt and pepper. Using a slotted spoon, scoop the cucumbers from the vinaigrette and mound on a large platter. Dip the leaf ends of the watercress in the remaining vinaigrette and mound on the platter. Toss the  <END>
INPUT: cosmos, clementines, sugar, water, cranberry juice, lime juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Clementine Cosmos | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 clementines, plus 1 very thinly sliced, for garnish; 1 cup sugar; 1 cup water; 2/3 cup cranberry juice; 1/3 cup lime juice; 1 1/2 cups vanilla flavored vodka (recommend: Grey Goose) | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Cut the clementines into quarters and squeeze their juice into a saucepan. Add the sugar, water and clementine flesh and bring to a boil over medium heat. Reduce the heat and simmer the mixture for 5 minutes. Pour into a strainer set over a measuring cup, pressing on the solids to remove as much liquid as possible. Discard the solids, cool the liquid to room temperature and pour into a pitcher. Add the cranberry juice, lime juice and vodka and stir well. Refrigerate until ready to serve. Put 6 or 8 martini glasses in the freezer. To serve, pour the mixture into a <END>
INPUT: polenta, mascarpone, water, coarse stone grits, heavy cream, Parmigiano Reggiano, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Creamy White Polenta with Mushrooms and Mascarpone | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 1/2 cups water; 1 cup coarse stone-ground white grits (preferably organic); 1/4 cup heavy cream; 2 tablespoons finely grated Parmigiano-Reggiano; 1 teaspoon salt; 1/4 teaspoon black pepper; 1 lb assorted fresh exotic mushrooms such as porcini, oyster, chanterelle, lobster, and hedgehog; 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1 garlic clove, smashed; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/4 teaspoon black pepper; 1/4 cup water; 3 tablespoons cold unsalted butter; 1 1/2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh flat-leaf parsley | INSTRUCTIONS: Make polenta: Bring water to a simmer in a 3- to 4-quart heavy saucepan. Add grits in a slow stream, whisking until incorporated. Simmer, stirring occasionally with a long-handled whisk or wooden spoon, until liquid is absorbed and polenta is thick and soft, about 30 minutes. (Grits will have a loose, risotto-like consistency.) Remove from heat and stir in cream, cheese, salt, and pepper. Keep warm, covered. Bring water to a simmer in a 3- to 4-quart heavy saucepan. Add grits in a slow stream, whisking until incorporated. Simmer, stirring occasionally with a long-handled whisk or wooden spoon, <END>
INPUT: salad, mung bean noodles, baby spinach arugula, Fresno chile, mango, rice wine vinegar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mango Noodle Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 ounces mung bean noodles or rice noodles, rehydrated; 6 ounces baby spinach or arugula; 1 Fresno chile, seeds removed and finely sliced; 1 mango, peeled, stone removed and diced; 1/4 cup rice wine vinegar; 3 tablespoons sweet chili sauce; 1 tablespoon fish sauce; 1 tablespoon lime juice; 1 tablespoon peanut oil | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large bowl, toss together the noodles, spinach, chiles and mango and set aside. Whisk together the vinegar, chili sauce, fish sauce, lime juice and peanut oil. Taste and adjust flavors if desired. Dress the salad just before serving. <END>
INPUT: Italian, rellenos, bell peppers, corn kernels, onions, corn tortilla chips, chicken breast
OUTPUT: TITLE: Stuffed Red Bell Pepper Rellenos | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 6 large red bell peppers; 1 cup fresh corn kernels (cut from 1 large ear); 4 large green onions, chopped; 8 corn tortilla chips, crushed; 1 chicken breast, diced into 1/4-inch pieces to yield 1 cup of meat; 1/4 cup chopped fresh basil; 1 1/2 teaspoons fresh lime juice; 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt; 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 1 1/2 cups shredded whole-milk mozzarella cheese; 1 cup low-sodium chicken broth; Two 9- to 10-ounce ripe avocados, halved, seeded; 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 2 tablespoons fresh lime juice; 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt | INSTRUCTIONS: For the peppers: Preheat a broiler. Arrange the peppers in a single layer on a heavy baking sheet. Broil, turning the peppers every 3 to 4 minutes, until charred on all sides. Place the peppers in a resealable plastic bag for 15 minutes. Gently scrape off the burnt skin, being careful not to tear the flesh. Lay each pepper on the work surface. Using a paring knife, remove a 1/2-inch-wide strip of flesh from the side of each pepper to create an opening. Chop the strips of pepper into 1/2-inch pieces and reserve for the filling. Using a small spoon, remove the seeds from inside each pepper. Posi <END>
INPUT: warm, salad, Kosher salt, shelled cranberry beans, farro, bacon, virgin olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Warm Farro and Cranberry Bean Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Kosher salt; 2 cups shelled fresh cranberry beans; 2 cups farro; 4 slices bacon, cut crosswise into 1/2-inch lengths; Extra-virgin olive oil; 1 red onion, cut into 1/4-inch dice; Pinch crushed red pepper; 2 cloves garlic, smashed and finely chopped; 1 cup chicken stock; 1 head radicchio Trevisano, cut crosswise into 1/2-inch lengths; 1 bunch fresh chives, finely chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring a saucepan of well salted water to a boil. Add the cranberry beans, let the water come back to a boil, and cook the beans for 10 to 12 minutes. Bite a few beans to make sure they are cooked through. Scoop the beans out of the water and reserve. Add the farro to the water, let the water come back to a boil, and cook for 15 minutes. Taste the farro to make sure it is cooked through. Remove the farro from the water and reserve. Add the bacon to a large, wide pan, give a drizzle of olive oil, and bring to a medium heat. When the bacon has let out a lot of fat and starts to become crispy, add <END>
INPUT: chowder, grain, shallots, Spanish onions, olive oil, Dungeness crabs, wine
OUTPUT: TITLE: Salmon Chowder with Crab, Whole-Grain Croutons, and Pinot Glaze | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 shallots, skin on, chopped; 2 Spanish onions, skin on, chopped; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 2 Dungeness crabs (about 4 pounds); 1 cup dry white wine; 1 cup chopped plum tomatoes; 1 tablespoon whole black peppercorns; 1 bay leaf; 2 (5 by 12-inch) untreated cedar planks, soaked in water to cover for at least 1 hour; Olive oil; 1 1/2 pounds salmon fillet; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 3 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1 small Spanish onion, finely diced; 1 medium carrot, finely diced | INSTRUCTIONS: For the crab broth: In a 2 gallon stock pot, saute the shallots and onions in olive oil until soft. Add the crabs and saute for a few minutes. Add the wine and reduce by half. Add the tomatoes, peppercorns, bay leaf and enough water to cover and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat and just barely simmer for 30 minutes, skimming off any impurities. Strain through cheesecloth and discard the solids. For the salmon: Preheat the oven to 400 to 450 degrees F. Remove the planks from the water and, using tongs, sear over a medium-flame until charred. (Alternatively, place in the oven until charred, abou <END>
INPUT: fingers, chicken tenders chicken, Lady Sons house, buttermilk, self rising flour, Peanut oil lard
OUTPUT: TITLE: The Lady and Sons Chicken Fingers | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 16 chicken tenders or 4 boneless chicken breasts cut into 4 equal strips; The Lady and Sons house seasoning, recipe follows; 2 cups buttermilk; 3 cups self-rising flour; Peanut oil or lard; 1 cup salt; 1/4 cup black pepper; 1/4 cup garlic powder; 3/4 cup mayonnaise; 3 tablespoons honey; 2 tablespoons yellow prepared mustard; 1 tablespoon lemon juice or juice form 1/2 a lemon; Horseradish, to taste; 2 tablespoons orange juice | INSTRUCTIONS: Sprinkle chicken tenders with house seasoning. Dredge chicken in flour, dip into buttermilk and back into flour. Preheat oil to 350 degrees. Fry fingers in deep hot oil 5 to 7 minutes or until golden brown. Serve with honey mustard for dipping. Mix ingredients together and place in a shaker near the stove. Use in place of salt and pepper for all your cooking needs. Combine all ingredients together except the orange juice and stir well. Thin to pouring with orange juice. Store in refrigerator. <END>
INPUT: American, vinaigrette, garlic, balsamic vinegar, Dijon mustard, virgin olive oil, oregano leaves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sheet-Pan Skirt Steak With Balsamic Vinaigrette, Broccolini, and White Beans | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 4 garlic cloves, divided; 1/2 cup balsamic vinegar; 3 tablespoons Dijon mustard; 1/2 cup plus 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, divided; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh oregano leaves, divided; 1 1/2 teaspoons kosher salt, divided; 3/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, divided; 1 (1 1/2-pound) skirt steak, cut crosswise into 2 equal pieces; 1 bunch broccolini (about 10 ounces), trimmed, halved lengthwise (quartered lengthwise if large); 1 (15-ounce) can white beans, rinsed, drained; An ovenproof wire rack that fits inside an 18x13" rimmed baking sheet | INSTRUCTIONS: Finely chop 2 garlic cloves. Place in a large bowl or shallow baking dish, then whisk in vinegar, Dijon, 1/2 cup oil, 1 Tbsp. oregano, 1 tsp. salt, and 1/2 tsp. pepper. Reserve 1/4 cup vinaigrette for serving; add steak to remaining vinaigrette and turn to coat. Let marinate at least 15 minutes or up to 1 hour. Meanwhile, preheat broiler and thinly slice remaining 2 garlic cloves. Toss broccolini, remaining 2 Tbsp. oil, 1 Tbsp. oregano, 1/2 tsp. salt, and 1/4 tsp. pepper on rimmed baking sheet. Broil 5 minutes, then remove from oven. Add beans and garlic and toss to combine. Set wire rack on t <END>
INPUT: sauce, olive oil, Roma tomatoes, herbs de Provence, Kosher salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roast Beef with Spicy Parsley Tomato Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 (2 to 2 1/2-pound) sirloin tip or chuck beef roast; 3 tablespoons olive oil; 4 Roma tomatoes, cut in 1/2; 2 teaspoons herbs de Provence; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 1/2 cups fresh flat-leaf parsley; 2 garlic cloves; 1/2 teaspoons red pepper flakes; 3/4 teaspoon kosher salt; 3/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar; 1/2 cup extra-virgin olive oil | INSTRUCTIONS: To make the beef roast, preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Season the beef with salt and pepper. Season the tomatoes with salt, pepper, and herbs de Provence. Place a medium, heavy roasting pan or Dutch oven over high heat. Heat the olive oil. Sear the beef over high heat on all sides. Turn off heat. Place the seasoned tomatoes around the seared beef and place the pan in the oven. Roast until a meat thermometer reads 130 degrees F. for medium rare, 135 for medium, about 30 to 40 minutes. Take the roast out of the oven, tent loosely with foil, and let rest for 10 to 15 minutes. The internal tem <END>
INPUT: berry, sauce, pineapple, Sugar taste, orange juice orange, Mint leaves garnish
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fresh Pineapple with Frozen Berry Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 ripe pineapple, peeled, cored and cut into chunks; 1 package (10 ounces each) frozen raspberries and sliced strawberries thawed; Sugar to taste; 2 tablespoons orange juice or orange liqueur; Mint leaves for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Puree the thawed fruit, then pass them through a sieve to remove the raspberries seeds. Stir in sugar to taste if need be with orange juice or liqueur Set a clump of chopped pineapple in the middle of each dessert plate; drizzle sauce around the pineapple and garnish with mint leaves. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, vegetable olive oil, Mexican chorizo, garlic, onion, bell pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mexican Chorizo and Turkey Chili | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon vegetable or olive oil; 1 pound Mexican chorizo, cut from casings; 4 cloves garlic, chopped; 1 onion, chopped; 1 red or green bell pepper, chopped; 1 tablespoon ground coriander (a palmful); 1 tablespoon ground cumin (a scant palmful); One 15-ounce can diced tomatoes; 1 pound cooked, diced turkey breast; 2 to 3 cups chicken stock; 2 tablespoons pureed chipotles in adobo; 2 tablespoons cornmeal or quick-cooking polenta; 1 tablespoon honey; Chili-flavored tortilla chips or Fritos, for topping; Lime wedges, for serving | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Heat the oil in a Dutch oven over medium-high heat. Brown the chorizo, crumbling the meat as it cooks. Add the garlic, onions and peppers and cook until softened, 5 minutes. Stir in the coriander, cumin and tomatoes, followed by the turkey, stock, chipotles, cornmeal and honey. Simmer over low heat to thicken, 45 minutes. Top with the chips, and serve with a lime wedge alongside. Cook's Note: Cool and store for a make-ahead meal, reheating over medium heat. <END>
INPUT: scrambled, smorrebrod, eggs, lightly salted butter, dark bread, cucumber, salmon roe other
OUTPUT: TITLE: Scrambled Egg with Salmon Roe Smorrebrod | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 12 extra-large eggs; 1/2 stick plus 2 teaspoons lightly salted butter; 6 slices dark bread, cut in half; 24 thin slices cucumber; 3 ounces salmon roe or other fish roe; Fresh dill sprigs for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Beat the eggs well in a large bowl. In a heavy saute pan, about 8 inches in diameter, melt 2 teaspoons of butter over extremely low heat. Add the beaten eggs, and cook over the lowest possible heat for 45 minutes. Stir occasionally to prevent a skin from forming on the surface. The eggs will thicken very slowly. When they begin to thicken, stir gently with a large spoon to create large flaps in the scrambled eggs. The eggs will be darker in color and thicker than normal scrambled eggs. Spread 1 teaspoon of butter on each of the bread halves. For each smorrebrod, at 2 corners that face each oth <END>
INPUT: American, salad, russet potatoes, olive oil, sour cream, buttermilk, chives
OUTPUT: TITLE: Steak-Spinach Salad With Sour-Cream Potatoes | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 medium russet potatoes; 3 tablespoons olive oil, plus more for brushing; 1/2 cup sour cream; 2 tablespoons buttermilk; 1/4 cup chopped fresh chives; Juice of 1/2 lemon; Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper; 1 3/4-pound boneless sirloin steak; 1 large red onion, sliced into thick rings; 6 ounces baby spinach or chopped regular spinach; 2 to 3 tablespoons steak sauce | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Pierce the potatoes with a fork and brush with olive oil. Bake directly on the oven rack until tender, about 1 hour. Cool slightly, then cut into chunks. Mix the sour cream, buttermilk, chives and lemon juice in a large bowl and season with salt and pepper. Stir in the potatoes. Meanwhile, preheat a grill to high. Brush the steak and onion rings with olive oil and season with salt and pepper. Grill the steak until marked on the bottom, about 7 minutes, then turn and cook 4 to 5 more minutes for medium-rare. Grill the onion rings until charred, about 2 minutes <END>
INPUT: crustacean, salad, sugar, vinegar, balsamic vinegar, hazelnut oil, truffle oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Langoustine with Crustacean Salad and Fleur de Sel | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons sugar; 2 tablespoons vinegar; 1 tablespoon balsamic vinegar; 3 tablespoons hazelnut oil; 3 tablespoons truffle oil; 2 teaspoons mixed spices (coriander, fennel, and ginger, or your choice); Fleur de sel; 1/2 pound clams; 1/2 pound oysters; Fleur de sel; 8 new potatoes; Olive oil; 16 langoustines; 4 zucchini flowers; 1/2 pound mesclun greens | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. To make the vinaigrette, combine the sugar and vinegars in a pot and caramelize over medium heat. When the liquid has caramelized, remove from heat. Let the pot cool, and add the hazelnut oil, truffle oil, mixed spices, and a pinch of fleur de sel and set aside. To prepare the crustacean salad, clean the shells off and steam the clams and oysters. Once they are cooked, remove from the shell and add a pinch of fleur de sel and caramel vinaigrette. Mix until clam and oyster is lightly coated with vinaigrette and set aside. To make the potato galette, slice the pota <END>
INPUT: Mexican, vegetable oil, sea scallops, Kosher salt, Lemony Salsa Verde
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Scallops with Lemony Salsa Verde | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, plus more for grilling; 12 large sea scallops, side muscle removed; Kosher salt, freshly ground pepper; Lemony Salsa Verde | INSTRUCTIONS: Prepare grill for medium-high heat; oil grate. Toss scallops with 2 tablespoons oil on a baking sheet; season with salt and pepper. Using a fish spatula or your hands, place scallops on grill, flat side down. Grill, turning occasionally, until lightly charred and just cooked through, about 2 minutes per side. Serve scallops topped with Lemony Salsa Verde . Prepare grill for medium-high heat; oil grate. Toss scallops with 2 tablespoons oil on a baking sheet; season with salt and pepper. Using a fish spatula or your hands, place scallops on grill, flat side down. Grill, turning occasionally, unt <END>
INPUT: tart, egg, puff pastry, Anjou pears, granulated sugar, maple syrup
OUTPUT: TITLE: Maple-Pear Sheet Tart | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 large egg; 1 14- to 17-ounce box of puff pastry (preferably all-butter puff), defrosted according to package directions; 2 large Anjou pears (about 1 1/4 pounds), skin on; 1/4 cup granulated sugar; 2 tablespoons maple syrup; 13"x18" baking sheet | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 375°F. Line a 13x18-inch baking sheet with parchment paper. In a small bowl, beat the egg with 1 tablespoon water. If using a 14-ounce puff pastry package, roll the sheet to a 13-x18-inch rectangle on a floured surface. If using a 17-ounce puff pastry package, roll each sheet to a 9 1/2-x13-inch rectangle. Line up the two longer sides and overlap by 1 inch to form a 13-x18-inch rectangle. Brush egg wash in between to form a seam. Use a rolling pin to seal the seam. Transfer the pastry to the parchment. Fold sides of pastry towards center to form a 1/2-inch border on all fou <END>
INPUT: Asian, shallots, vegetable oil, rice vinegar, ginger, miso paste
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Avocados with Ginger Miso | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon finely chopped shallots (about 1/2 small shallot); 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, plus more for the grill or grill pan; 1 tablespoon rice vinegar; 2 teaspoons finely grated fresh ginger (about a 1-inch piece); 1 teaspoon white miso paste; 1 teaspoon toasted sesame oil; 1/2 teaspoon sugar; 2 medium, firm-ripe avocados; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1/4 cup loosely packed fresh basil leaves, torn, for garnish; 4 lemon wedges, for serving | INSTRUCTIONS: Whisk together the shallots, vegetable oil, vinegar, ginger, miso, sesame oil and sugar in a small bowl; set the marinade aside. Halve the avocados lengthwise, remove the pits and score the interior of each half in a 1/2-inch crosshatch pattern. Set the halves, cut-side up, on a rimmed baking sheet, and sprinkle with some salt and pepper. Spoon the marinade into the avocado cups, dividing evenly (about 1 tablespoon per avocado half), and let stand for 5 minutes while it soaks in. Spread the marinade (with a pastry brush or the back of a spoon) over the entire cut surface of the avocados and ge <END>
INPUT: waffles, all purpose flour, powdered buttermilk, sugar, baking powder, baking soda
OUTPUT: TITLE: Buttermilk Waffles | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 cups all-purpose flour; 3/4 cup dried powdered buttermilk; 3 tablespoons sugar; 1 tablespoon baking powder; 1 1/2 teaspoons baking soda; 3/4 teaspoon salt; 3 large eggs; 3 cups water; 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted; vegetable oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Sift together flour, dried powdered buttermilk, sugar, baking powder, baking soda, and salt. Refrigerate this "from-scratch mix" in plastic storage bags until you’re hungry for waffles. (It will keep for 1 month.) On a waffle morning, whisk eggs in a large bowl until blended, then whisk in water and melted butter. Whisk dry ingredients into liquid mixture just until smooth. Brush a preheated waffle iron lightly with vegetable oil and spoon batter—about 2 cups for 4 waffles—in iron, spreading quickly. Cook waffles according to manufacturer’s instructions, transferring as cooked to rack of a pre <END>
INPUT: American, pizzas, unbleached all purpose, wheat flour bread, vital wheat gluten, coarse kosher salt, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Shiitake and Chanterelle Pizzas with Goat Cheese | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 1/2 cups unbleached all purpose flour or bread flour; 1/2 cup white whole wheat flour or bread flour; 3 tablespoons vital wheat gluten flour or bread flour; 1 1/2 teaspoons coarse kosher salt; 1 teaspoon sugar; 1 cup plus 2 tablespoons warm water (105°F to 115°F); 1 1/2 teaspoons active dry yeast; 3 1/2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, divided; Additional unbleached all purpose flour (for kneading and shaping); 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil plus additional for brushing; 6 ounces fresh shiitake mushrooms, stemmed, thinly sliced; 6 ounces fresh chanterelle mushrooms, thinly sliced; 1 cup (packed) coarsely grated whole-milk mozzarella cheese; 2/3 cup freshly grated Parmesan cheese; 6 ounces chilled soft fresh goat cheese, coarsely crumbled | INSTRUCTIONS: For dough: Combine all flours, coarse salt, and sugar in processor. Stir 1 cup plus 2 tablespoons warm water and yeast in 2-cup measuring cup. Let stand until yeast dissolves, about 5 minutes. Stir in 3 tablespoons oil. With machine running, pour yeast-oil mixture through feed tube. Blend until ball of slightly sticky dough forms, about 1 minute. Transfer dough to lightly floured surface; knead until smooth and elastic, adding more flour if very sticky, about 5 minutes. Rub with 1/2 tablespoon oil; place in resealable 1-gallon plastic bag. Seal bag. Let dough rise at room temperature until dou <END>
INPUT: anthony, catfish fillets, egg substitute, cream meal, Corn canola oil, Salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Anthony's Fried Catfish | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 8 small catfish fillets; 2 cups egg substitute; 3 cups cream meal, or finely ground cornmeal; Corn-canola-oil blend, for deep-frying; Salt and pepper; Lemon wedges, for serving; Hot pepper sauce, for serving | INSTRUCTIONS: Dredge each catfish fillet in egg substitute, then immediately in cream meal, turning to coat evenly. Heat oil in a large heavy-bottomed pot over medium heat until a deep-frying thermometer registers 375 degrees F. Place 3 to 4 fish fillets in oil, and fry for 2 minutes, until crust is golden and fish is opaque when checked with a knife. Repeat with remaining fillets. Using a slotted spoon, remove the fillets to a paper-towel-lined plate to drain. Season with salt and pepper. Serve immediately with lemon and hot pepper sauce.; <END>
INPUT: wrapped, leaf, beef, lemon grass stems, spring onions, garlic, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Beef and Lemon Grass Wrapped In Betel Leaf: Bo La Lot | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 14 ounces minced beef; 2 lemon grass stems, white part only, finely chopped; 4 spring onions, white part only, finely chopped; 1 clove garlic, finely chopped; 2 teaspoons salt; 2 teaspoons finely ground white pepper; 1 bunch betel leaves; 7 ounces cooked rice vermicelli noodles; 2 tablespoons Nouc Mam Cham Dipping Fish Sauce, recipe follows; 1 teaspoon fried red Asian shallot; 1 teaspoon crushed roasted peanuts; 2 red chillis, sliced; 3 tablespoons fish sauce; 3 tablespoons rice vinegar; 2 tablespoons sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: In a mixing bowl, combine the beef, lemon grass, spring onions, garlic, salt and pepper. Allow flavors to infuse for at least 15 minutes. Meanwhile, pick the individual betel leaves and wash in cold water. Lay the leaves flat on a cloth to dry. To form the rolls, lay a large betel leaf (or 2 smaller leaves), shiny side down, on a board with the stem of the leaf pointing towards you. Spoon approximately 1 tablespoon of the beef mixture onto the bottom edge of the leaf. Work it into a sausage shape, then roll the leaf from bottom to top and place the seam flat on your bench to stop the leaf from <END>
INPUT: strips, rajas, poblano chiles, vegetable oil, onion, corn, heavy cream
OUTPUT: TITLE: Creamy Poblano Pepper Strips (Rajas) | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 fresh poblano chiles* (or canned, peeled); 3 tablespoons vegetable oil; 1 medium white onion, thinly sliced; 2 ears corn, kernels removed; 1/4 cup heavy cream; 1/4 cup Mexican crema or creme fraiche; 1/2 cup, shredded Monterrey jack cheese; Kosher salt and fresh ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Char the poblano chiles directly over the gas flame on the stove or under the broiler until blackened on all sides. Enclose in a plastic bag and let steam for about 10 minutes. Add the oil to a heavy large skillet over medium heat. When the oil is hot, add the onion and saute until translucent, about 5 minutes. Add the corn and cook for an additional 3 minutes. Set aside. Peel and seed the chiles. Cut the chiles into 1/4 to 1/2-inch strips (rajas) and add the strips to the onion and corn mixture and saute until the corn is tender, about 5 minutes. Add the heavy c <END>
INPUT: salt, unconverted long grain, scallion, unsalted butter, scallion greens
OUTPUT: TITLE: Scallion Rice | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 teaspoons salt; 2/3 cup unconverted long-grain rice; 1/3 cup finely chopped white part of scallion; 1 tablespoon unsalted butter; 1/4 cup thinly sliced scallion greens | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large saucepan bring 4 quarts water to a boil with the salt. Sprinkle in the rice, stirring until the water returns to a boil, and boil it for 10 minutes. Drain the rice in a large colander and rinse it. Set the colander over a large saucepan of boiling water and steam the rice, covered with a kitchen towel and the lid, for 15 minutes, or until it is fluffy and dry. In a small skillet cook the white part of the scallion in the butter over moderately low heat, stirring occasionally, until it is softened and in a bowl toss the rice with the scallion mixture, the scallion greens, and salt an <END>
INPUT: barbecued, coriander, garlic, lime, chilli
OUTPUT: TITLE: Barbecued Grilled Lobster and Prawns | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 tablespoon chopped fresh coriander; 1 garlic clove, chopped; 1 lime, zest only; 1/2 lime, juice only; 1 red chilli, finely chopped; 75g/2 3/4 ounces butter, softened; 2(2-pound) live lobsters; Oil, for brushing; Lime or lemon wedges, for service; 6 tablespoons olive oil; 3 tablespoons white wine vinegar; 4 cloves garlic, finely chopped; 1 small bunch fresh flat-leaf parsley, finely chopped; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 24 raw langoustines or tiger prawns (jumbo shrimp), heads and tails intact | INSTRUCTIONS: For the Lime Chile Coriander Butter: Mix together the coriander, garlic, lime zest and juice, chile and butter until combined. Scrape into a small ramekin and refrigerate until ready to serve. For the lobster: Preheat grill over medium-high heat and lightly oil the grates. To kill the lobsters humanely, set each of them side by side on a board in front of you, claws facing towards the right. On top of the lobster shell, you'll see a cross shape just below the head. Stick the point of a sharp, heavy knife at the cross and push it through to the board. The lobster will be killed instantly. After <END>
INPUT: rustic, tart, butter, Bosc pears, sugar, cranberries, cranberry juice cocktail
OUTPUT: TITLE: Rustic Pear-Cranberry Tart | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon butter; 2 large Bosc pears (1 to 1 1/4 pounds total), halved, cored, cut into 1/2- to 3/4-inch cubes; 2 tablespoons sugar, divided; 1/4 cup sweetened dried cranberries; 2 tablespoons frozen cranberry juice cocktail concentrate, thawed; 1 tablespoon red currant jelly; 1 13.8-ounce tube refrigerated pizza dough | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 425°F. Line heavy rimmed baking sheet with parchment paper. Melt butter in large nonstick skillet over medium-high heat. Add pears. Sauté until almost tender, about 8 minutes. Sprinkle with 1 tablespoon sugar; toss 1 minute. Add cranberries, juice concentrate, and jelly. Sauté until pears are tender and juices are thick, 2 to 3 minutes longer. Scrape pear mixture onto large plate and place in freezer 5 minutes to cool quickly. Unroll dough onto prepared sheet. Cut 1 1/2-inch-wide strip off 1 short end, forming rough 9-inch square. Pull dough strip to twice its length and cut cr <END>
INPUT: roast turkey, flour, turkey chicken broth, butter, salt pepper taste
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roast Turkey with Jus, Gravy, or Giblet Gravy | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 roast turkey, giblets roasted in the pan with the turkey; 3 tablespoons flour (for gravy) (45 milliliters); 2 cups turkey or chicken broth or water (as needed if there are insufficient juices) (500 milliliters); 3 ounces cold butter, sliced (optional) (90 grams); salt and pepper to taste to taste | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. Transfer the turkey to a platter and pour any juices that have accumulated in the cavity into the roasting pan. 2. Chop the giblets until quite fine but not into a purée. 3. If the pan is swimming in juices, pour all the juices into a glass pitcher and skim off and discard the fat with a ladle. If you're making gravy, put 3 tablespoons (45 milliliters) of the fat back in the roasting pan. 4. If there are less than 2 cups (500 milliliters) of juices in the roasting pan, put the pan on the stove over high heat. Move the pan around every couple of minutes so it's heated evenly. Continue in thi <END>
INPUT: Asian, haricots verts other, unsalted butter, zest from lemon, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Green Beans with Ginger Butter | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 2 pounds haricots verts or other green beans, trimmed; 1 (3-inch-long) piece fresh ginger; 3 tablespoons unsalted butter; Finely grated zest from 1/2 lemon; 1/2 teaspoon salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook beans in an 8-quart pot of boiling salted water, uncovered, until just tender, 5 to 9 minutes (depending on thickness). Drain beans in a colander and transfer to a large bowl of ice and cold water to stop cooking. Drain beans again and pat dry. Peel ginger and halve crosswise, then thinly slice lengthwise and cut into very thin matchsticks. Heat butter in a 12-inch nonstick skillet over moderate heat until foam subsides, then cook ginger, stirring, until golden, about 3 minutes. Add beans and cook, stirring, until just heated through, about 2 minutes. Remove from heat and add zest and sal <END>
INPUT: disco, fries, malt vinegar, Dijon mustard, oregano, rosemary, thyme
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pork Belly Disco Fries | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup malt vinegar; 1/4 cup Dijon mustard; 1 teaspoon fresh oregano, chopped; 1 teaspoon fresh rosemary, chopped; 1 teaspoon fresh thyme, chopped; 1/2 shallot, diced; 1 cup blended oil; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1/2 cup olive oil; 3 pounds pork belly; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 tablespoon fresh oregano, chopped; 1 tablespoon fresh rosemary, chopped; 1 tablespoon fresh thyme, chopped; 5 cloves garlic, minced | INSTRUCTIONS: For the vinaigrette: Combine the vinegar, mustard, oregano, rosemary, thyme and shallots in a blender. With the motor running, slowly drizzle in the oil. Add salt and pepper to taste. For the fries and pork belly: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Heat the olive oil in a roasting pan over high heat on the stovetop. Sprinkle the pork belly with salt and pepper on both sides. Sear until golden brown, 8 minutes per side. Remove the pork belly from the pan and add the oregano, rosemary, thyme, garlic, celery, carrots, and onions. Cook for 3 minutes, then deglaze the pan with the white wine. Add t <END>
INPUT: American, crumbled Gorgonzola cheese, shallots, chives, eye steaks
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pan-Fried Steaks with Shallot-Gorgonzola Butter | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 6 tablespoons (3/4 stick) butter, room temperature; 3 1/2 tablespoons crumbled Gorgonzola cheese (about 1 1/2 ounces); 3 tablespoons minced shallots; 2 teaspoons chopped fresh chives; 4 8- to 10-ounce rib-eye steaks (each about 3/4 inch thick) | INSTRUCTIONS: Using fork, mix 4 tablespoons butter, Gorgonzola cheese, shallots and chives in small bowl until well blended. Season with salt and pepper. Divide mixture into 8 equal pieces; form into balls. Cover and refrigerate until cold. (Can be prepared 1 day ahead. Keep refrigerated.) Melt 1 tablespoon butter in each of 2 heavy large skillets over high heat. Sprinkle steaks with salt and pepper. Add 2 steaks to each skillet and cook to desired doneness, about 3 minutes per side for medium-rare. Transfer steaks to plates. Top each with 2 balls of shallot-Gorgonzola butter and serve. Using fork, mix 4 ta <END>
INPUT: organic unsalted butter, cabbage, pure maple syrup
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sauteed Red Cabbage | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons organic unsalted butter; 6 cups thinly sliced red cabbage; 3 to 4 tablespoons pure maple syrup | INSTRUCTIONS: In a medium saucepan, melt butter over medium heat. Add cabbage, cover, and cook, stirring occasionally, until tender, 30 to 35 minutes. Add maple syrup, and cook for 5 minutes.; <END>
INPUT: luck, cocktail, Irish whiskey, Irish whiskey cream, creme de menthe, Ice, mint flavored chocolate
OUTPUT: TITLE: Luck of the Irish Whiskey Cocktail | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 ounces Irish whiskey; 1 ounce Irish whiskey and cream based liqueur (recommended: Bailey's Irish Cream); 1/2 ounce creme de menthe; Ice, as needed; 1 mint-flavored chocolate candy, shaved (recommended: Andes candy) | INSTRUCTIONS: Shake whiskey, Irish whiskey-cream liqueur, and creme de menthe over ice; strain and pour into an up glass. Shave mint candy over top. Series: Drinks with Alie and Georgia Episode: St. Patrick's Day Cocktail (Ep. 20) <END>
INPUT: cake, Butter flavored, bittersweet chocolate semisweet, slivered almonds, baby amaretti cookies
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate Amaretti Cake | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Butter-flavored nonstick cooking spray; 3/4 cup bittersweet chocolate or semisweet chocolate chips; 1 cup slivered almonds; 1 cup baby amaretti cookies (about 2 ounces); 1 stick (1/2 cup) unsalted butter, room temperature; 2/3 cup sugar; 2 teaspoons grated orange peel; 4 large eggs; Unsweetened cocoa powder, for sifting | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Spray a 9-inch springform pan the nonstick spray. Refrigerate. Microwave the chocolate until melted and smooth, stirring every 20 seconds, for about 1 minute. Combine the almonds and cookies in processor. Pulse until the almonds and cookies are finely ground. Transfer the nut mixture to a medium bowl. Add the butter and sugar to the processor and blend until creamy and smooth. Add the grated orange peel and pulse briefly, until incorporated. Add the eggs 1 at a time. Blend until the eggs are incorporated. Clean the sides of the  <END>
INPUT: pancakes, unsalted rice, curd cottage cheese, eggs, wheat flour, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Rice Pancakes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup cold unsalted cooked rice; 1 cup small-curd cottage cheese; 4 large eggs; 1/3 cup whole-wheat flour; 2 tablespoons sugar; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 1/4 teaspoon cinnamon; 5 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted; Accompaniment: maple syrup | INSTRUCTIONS: Stir together rice, cottage cheese, eggs, flour, sugar, salt, cinnamon, and 3 tablespoons butter in a bowl. Let stand 5 minutes. Lightly coat a 12-inch nonstick skillet with some of remaining butter and heat over moderately high heat until hot but not smoking. Working in batches of 3 or 4, pour a scant 1/4 cup batter per pancake into skillet and sauté, turning over once, until pancakes are golden brown but still slightly soft, 4 to 5 minutes per batch, adding more butter as needed. Stir together rice, cottage cheese, eggs, flour, sugar, salt, cinnamon, and 3 tablespoons butter in a bowl. Let s <END>
INPUT: American, tartlets, puff pastry, butter, olive oil, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Onion and Goat Cheese Tartlets | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 frozen puff pastry sheets, defrosted; 1 tablespoon butter; 1 tablespoon olive oil; 1/4 cup finely sliced red onion; 1/4 cup finely sliced onion; 2 scallions, finely sliced; 1 tablespoon finely chopped chives; 1 egg; 1/3 cup heavy cream; 1 teaspoon salt; 3 ounces goat cheese | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F. Take a 2 1/2-inch round cookie cutter and cut out 12 rounds from 2 sheets of puff pastry. Take a 12 hole mini muffin pan and place rounds of dough into each hole, pressing gently to form a cup and giving room for the filling. Cover with plastic wrap and keep the prepared pan in the refrigerator or freezer (depends how long until you need it). In a skillet add butter and oil. Throw in the onions and cook gently until softened and caramelized, stirring frequently for about 15 to 20 minutes. Once cooked add the scallions and chives. Set aside to cool slightly. In a  <END>
INPUT: Mexican, vegetable oil, beef, Half packet taco, tomato paste, beans
OUTPUT: TITLE: Taco Dip | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon vegetable oil; 1 1/2 pounds ground beef; Half a 1.25-ounce packet taco seasoning mix, or 3 tablespoons homemade taco seasoning; 2 tablespoons tomato paste; One 14.5-ounce can black beans, drained and rinsed; 2 cups sour cream; 2 cups shredded sharp Cheddar; 1 large tomato, chopped; 2 cups shredded iceberg lettuce; Sliced black olives and/or pickled jalapenos, optional; Tortilla chips, for serving | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat the oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Add the beef, and cook, stirring occasionally, until completely browned, 8 to 10 minutes. Pour off the excess grease, add the taco seasoning and stir until the beef is well coated. Add the tomato paste, and stir until it darkens to a dull brick red, about 30 seconds. Add 3/4 cup water, bring to a simmer and cook and until the mixture thickens, 2 to 3 minutes. Add the beans, and stir just to warm them through. Remove from the heat, and transfer to an 8-inch square baking dish. Top the beef-and-bean mixture with an even layer of sour cream,  <END>
INPUT: garlic powder, onion powder, chili powder, Hungarian paprika, mustard
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cranberry Orange-Glazed Kansas City Spare Ribs | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 tablespoons garlic powder; 4 tablespoons onion powder; 4 tablespoons chili powder; 4 tablespoons Hungarian paprika; 2 tablespoons dry mustard; 3 tablespoons salt; 4 large racks, 4 pounds or more, Kansas City cut spare ribs, hard bone removed; 3 cups orange juice; 1/2 cup honey; 1 (12-ounce) can cranberry sauce; 3 cups barbecue sauce | INSTRUCTIONS: A few hours before beginning the slow cooking of the ribs, make the dry rub by combining garlic powder, onion powder, chili powder, paprika, dry mustard, and salt in a bowl and mixing well. Rub the seasoning mix into the meat and let sit for a few hours. The mixture will melt into the meat. About 30 minutes before beginning to barbecue, heat the grill. On the stovetop, combine orange juice, honey, and cranberry sauce in a saucepan, stirring to mix well. Simmer over low heat until it beings to thicken, then add barbecue sauce. Let simmer for 1/2 hour. Place ribs on the grill and slowly cook, tu <END>
INPUT: Mexican, enchiladas, vegetable oil, turkey chicken, sharp Cheddar, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Turkey Enchiladas with Red Chili Sauce | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup vegetable oil; 12 (6 to 7-inch) corn tortillas; 3 cups 1/3-inch pieces cooked turkey or chicken; 10 ounces extra-sharp Cheddar, grated (about 3 cups); 1 cup finely chopped red onion; 1/3 cup finely chopped fresh coriander plus coriander sprigs for garnish; 2 cups red chili sauce or 2 (10-ounce) cans enchilada sauce; 2 hass avocados, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: In a small skillet heat the oil over moderately high heat until it is hot but not smoking, add the tortillas, 1 at a time, for 5 seconds, or until they are softened but not crisp, and transfer them with tongs, letting the excess oil drip off, to paper-towel-lined baking sheets to drain. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. On each tortilla mound 1/4 cup of the turkey, 1 tablespoon of the Cheddar, 1 tablespoon of the onion, and 1 teaspoon of the chopped coriander, roll up the tortillas jelly-roll fashion, and arrange the enchiladas, seams side down, in a shallow 3-quart baking dish. Pour the chil <END>
INPUT: salad, garlic, day old Italian, dead meaty tomatoes, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Bread and Tomato Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup (1 stick) unsalted butter; 2 garlic cloves, minced; 8 ounces day-old Italian bread, cut into 3/4-inch-thick slices; 6 dead-ripe meaty tomatoes, cored, seeded, and cut into quarters; 1/4 cup minced red onion; 1/3 cup fruity extra-virgin olive oil; 2 tablespoons balsamic vinegar; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh basil; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh tarragon; 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt; 7 or 8 grindings black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. Place a small saucepan over medium heat and add the butter. When it's about half melted, throw in the garlic and cook for 3 to 4 minutes, allowing the garlic to take on a little bit of color. Remove from the heat and brush this mixture on both sides of each slice of bread. 2. Oil the grill racks. Preheat your grill using all burners set on high and with the lid closed for 10 to 12 minutes. 3. Place the bread on the grill, close the lid, and cook, turning once, until well marked. Careful here; depending on the moisture content of the bread, this could happen as quickly as 2 minutes (or about <END>
INPUT: chilled, soup, strawberries, vanilla ice cream, honey, sour cream, heavy cream
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chilled Strawberry and Mint Soup | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 cups fresh strawberries; 1 pint vanilla ice-cream (frozen yoghurt can be substituted); 4 teaspoons honey; 1/2 cup sour cream; 1/2 cup heavy cream (vanilla yoghurt can be substituted); 4 teaspoons strawberry pucker, optional (similar to schnapps); 4 teaspoons freshly chopped mint leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine all the ingredients, except the mint, in a blender and mix well Refrigerate for at least 1 hour to allow the flavors to blend. Before serving, stir in the chopped mint. Pour into soup bowls and serve. This is a great chilled soup or summer drink. Enjoy. <END>
INPUT: habanero chiles, tequila blanco vodka, onion, distilled vinegar, orange juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Habanero Jam | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 ounces habanero chiles, halved, seeds removed; 2 cups tequila blanco or vodka; 1/4 small red onion, finely chopped; 1/2 cup distilled white vinegar; 1/3 cup fresh orange juice; 6 tablespoons raw or demerara sugar; 1 1/2 teaspoons kosher salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Coarsely chop chiles in a food processor. Transfer to a small bowl and mix in tequila. Let sit uncovered 1–3 hours (chiles will get less spicy as they soak; in 1 hour, they’ll sink to the heat level of a jalapeño). Drain chiles; reserve tequila for another use. Transfer chiles to a small saucepan; add onion, vinegar, orange juice, raw sugar, salt, and 1 cup water and bring to a boil over medium-low heat. Cook until chiles are tender and liquid is syrupy, 50–60 minutes. Let cool. Coarsely chop chiles in a food processor. Transfer to a small bowl and mix in tequila. Let sit uncovered 1–3 hours ( <END>
INPUT: Italian, pumpkin, ricotta, heavy cream, apple juice, cinnamon, star anise
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pumpkin-Ricotta Pancakes with Spicy Apple-Cider Caramel Sauce | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup heavy cream; 1/2 cup apple juice; 4 cloves; 2 cinnamon sticks; 2 star anise; One 1-inch piece fresh ginger, peeled and chopped; 1/8 teaspoon ground nutmeg; 1 1/2 cups granulated sugar; 1 tablespoon apple cider vinegar; 1 tablespoon apple schnapps; 1 1/2 cups all-purpose flour; 2 tablespoons dark brown sugar; 1 tablespoon granulated sugar; 1 1/2 teaspoons baking powder; 1 1/2 teaspoons baking soda | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. For the caramel sauce: Combine the cream, apple juice, cloves, cinnamon, star anise, ginger and nutmeg in a medium saucepan, and bring to a simmer. Remove from the heat and let steep for at least 20 minutes. Set aside and keep warm while you make the caramel. Combine the sugar, 1/2 cup water, and the cider vinegar in a medium saucepan over high heat, and cook without stirring until it reaches a deep amber color, about 8 minutes. Slowly strain in the warm cream, whisking constantly; continue whisking until smooth. (Be careful! The caramel will bubble up as you add <END>
INPUT: brei, matzo, water, eggs, Salt pepper, butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Matzo Brei | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 pieces matzo; 1/2 cup water; 4 eggs; Salt and pepper; 2 tablespoons butter; 2 tablespoons kosher for Passover vegetable oil | INSTRUCTIONS: In a mixing bowl, break the matzo into 1-inch pieces. Bring the water to a boil and pour over the matzos. Quickly toss the matzo, then drain off any excess. In a bowl, beat the eggs with a fork. Mix the eggs, salt and pepper into the matzo. Over high heat, heat the butter and oil in a large saute pan. Add the matzo and fry until crisp. Flip over to fry the other side, breaking into pieces as it cooks. Serve with Maple syrup, or preserves. <END>
INPUT: American, brownie, sandwiches, sugar, water, bittersweet, eggs
OUTPUT: TITLE: Brownie and Ice Cream Sandwiches with Chocolate Sauce | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup plus 2 tablespoons sugar; 1/2 cup (1 stick) unsalted butter; 1/4 cup water; 10 ounces bittersweet (not unsweetened) chocolate, chopped; 3 large eggs; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; 1 cup plus 2 tablespoons unbleached all purpose flour; 1 1/2 teaspoons baking soda; 1 teaspoon salt; 3/4 cup chopped macadamia nuts; 1 1/2 to 2 quarts vanilla ice cream, softened slightly; 8 ounces bittersweet (not unsweetened) or semisweet chocolate, chopped; 1/2 cup hot coffee or 1 1/2 teaspoons instant expresso powder dissolved in 1/2 cup hot water; 6 tablespoons Frangelico (hazelnut liqueur) | INSTRUCTIONS: FOR BROWNIES: Preheat oven to 325 °F. Line 17 1/4x11 1/2x1-inch baking sheet with parchment. Bring sugar, butter and water to boil in heavy large saucepan over medium heat, stirring until sugar dissolves. Reduce heat to low. Add chocolate; stir until smooth. Whisk eggs and vanilla in large bowl to blend. Gradually whisk in hot chocolate mixture. Mix in flour, baking soda and salt, then nuts. Spread butter over prepared sheet. Bake until toothpick inserted into center comes out clean, about 20 minutes. Cool completely. Freeze until firm. Cut around brownie to loosen. Turn out onto work surface. <END>
INPUT: American, beef, grass fed sirloin, barbecue steak sauce, sea salt, crumbled cheese, kale leaves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Beef Burger With Grilled Kale | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound grass-fed ground sirloin; 4 teaspoons barbecue or steak sauce; 1/4 teaspoon sea salt; 1/2 cup crumbled blue cheese; 4 large kale leaves; 4 whole grain or whole wheat burger buns, split | INSTRUCTIONS: Place the sirloin, barbecue sauce, and salt in a large bowl. Using your fingers, mix well and form the mixture into 4 patties. Fire up the grill or heat a large grill pan over high heat. Grill the burgers for 10 to 15 minutes, until they are browned on the outside but still slightly pink (but not translucent) on the inside. Top each burger with 2 tablespoons of the blue cheese. Transfer the burgers to a plate and tent with aluminum foil to keep warm. Add the kale to the grill and grill for 2 to 3 minutes, turning often, until it is soft. Remove kale leaves from grill. Grill the bun halves for  <END>
INPUT: Italian, cheese, sourdough bread, ball, plum tomatoes, Basil Pesto, Kosher salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mozzarella Grilled Cheese | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 4 slices thick-cut sourdough bread; 1 ball (1 pound) fresh mozzarella, cut into 1/4-inch slices; 2 plum tomatoes, cut into thick slices; 1 cup fresh Basil Pesto, recipe follows; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; Extra-virgin olive oil; 1/2 cup pine nuts; 2 cups fresh basil leaves; 1 cup fresh Italian parsley leaves; 1/2 cup Parmesan or Romano; 2 garlic cloves; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 1/2 cup extra-virgin olive oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Assemble sandwich by smearing insides of bread slices with pesto. Arrange a layer of sliced tomato and season with a few turns of fresh pepper. Layer the mozzarella slices over the top and then place another piece of bread on top to make the sandwich. Drizzle olive oil over skillet's surface and place sandwiches on the hot skillet or panini press. If using a skillet, place another heavy skillet over the top to form a "press". Turn after 2 to 3 minutes and replace weight. The sandwich is ready when golden brown and mozzarella has melted around the edges. Toast pine nuts in a skillet over medium <END>
INPUT: Indian, moroccan, butternut squash, turnip, leek, golden raisins, skin
OUTPUT: TITLE: Moroccan Chicken and Squash | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 8 ounces butternut squash, peeled and cut into large chunks (about 2 cups); 1 large turnip, peeled and cut into large chunks (about 2 cups); 1 leek (white and light green parts only), chopped; 1/2 cup golden raisins; 4 skin-on, bone-in chicken legs (3 to 4 pounds), drumsticks and thighs attached; Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper; 3 cups low-sodium chicken broth; 2 tablespoons tomato paste; 1 teaspoon ground cumin; 1 teaspoon ground coriander; 1/2 teaspoon turmeric; Grated zest and juice of 1 lemon; Couscous, for serving; Fresh cilantro, for topping | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine the squash, turnip, leek and raisins in a 6-quart slow cooker. Season the chicken with salt and pepper and place on top of the vegetables. Whisk the chicken broth, tomato paste, cumin, coriander, turmeric, lemon zest and juice, and 1 teaspoon salt in a large bowl. Pour the mixture over the chicken and vegetables. Cover and cook on high, 4 hours. Serve the chicken and vegetables with couscous; drizzle with some of the cooking liquid. Top with cilantro. Photograph by Christopher Testani <END>
INPUT: milanese, salads, beef tenderloin, Kosher salt pepper, eggs, all purpose flour, bread crumbs
OUTPUT: TITLE: Beef Tenderloin Milanese with Spinach and Cucumber Salads | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 pounds beef tenderloin, trimmed; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 5 eggs; 2 cups all-purpose flour; 2 cups bread crumbs; 2 tablespoons Italian seasoning; 2 tablespoons butter; 3 tablespoons olive oil; 1 cup cucumber, sliced thin; 1 red onion, sliced thin; Kosher salt; 1/4 cup fresh lemon juice; 1/4 cup fresh lime juice; 5 cups spinach; 1 cup grape tomatoes, halved | INSTRUCTIONS: Slice the beef tenderloin thinly and pound each slice with a meat mallet. Season the beef slices with salt and pepper. Beat the eggs and pour them into a shallow bowl or baking dish. Put the flour in another shallow dish. Stir the breadcrumbs and Italian seasoning together in a third shallow dish. Dip a beef slice in the flour and shake off the excess flour. Then dip in the eggs, then in the bread crumbs and place on a plate. Repeat with all the beef slices. In a large skillet, melt 2 tablespoons of butter and 3 tablespoons olive oil over medium-high heat. When the butter is melted and bubblin <END>
INPUT: mashed, potatoes, onions, celery, carrots, beets, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Braised Short Ribs on Garlic Mashed Potatoes with Green Beans and Poached Tomatoes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 large onions, coarsely chopped; 3 to 4 stalks celery, coarsely chopped; 4 large carrots, peeled, trimmed and cut into 2-inch chunks; 2 beets, peeled, trimmed and cut into 1-inch cubes; 3 heads garlic, cut in half; 2 sprigs fresh rosemary; 2 sprigs fresh thyme; 1 star anise; 1 cinnamon stick; 6 beef short ribs; Coarse salt; 1 cup all-purpose flour; Canola oil; 2 (750 ml) bottles red table wine; 2 tablespoons cocoa powder | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. In a large bowl, combine the onion, celery, carrots, beets and garlic. Add the rosemary, thyme, star anise, and cinnamon stick, and set aside. Cut the ribs between the bones, and trim all the excess outer fat. Season the ribs well with coarse salt. Dredge in flour until well coated. In a large Dutch oven or wide soup pot on high heat, pour in enough oil to coat the bottom of the pan. Add the ribs to the hot oil, and sear the ribs so they are browned well on all sides, about 3 minutes per side. Remove the ribs, and set aside. In the same pan, transfer all the  <END>
INPUT: portobellos, portobello mushroom caps, oil vinegar salad, garlic, fines herbes, Olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Green Bean Stuffed Portobellos | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 12 portobello mushroom caps, about 3-inch diameter; 1 cup oil and vinegar salad dressing; 1 teaspoon crushed garlic; 3 teaspoons fines herbes (recommended: Spice Island); Olive oil cooking spray; 1/4 cup grated Parmesan; 2 tablespoons Italian bread crumbs; 1 tablespoon melted butter; 1 1/2 cups leftover green bean casserole | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Place cleaned mushroom caps in large zip-top bag with salad dressing, garlic, and 2 teaspoons fines herbs. Seal bag and massage gently to combine ingredients. Marinate 30 minutes to 1 hour. Preheat oven to 375 degree F. Lightly spray a baking sheet with olive oil cooking spray; set aside. In a small bowl, combine remaining 1 teaspoon fines herbes, Parmesan, bread crumbs, and melted butter; set aside. Remove mushroom caps from marinade and place on prepared baking sheet. Fill each cap with 1 to 2 tablespoons green bean casserole. Top with a heaping spoonful of bre <END>
INPUT: greek, beef, zucchini, onion, bulghur
OUTPUT: TITLE: Greek-Style Stuffed Peppers | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound lean ground beef; 1 (10-ounce) package frozen chopped spinach, thawed and squeezed dry; 1 medium zucchini, coarsely grated (about 2 cups); 1 small onion, minced (about 1 cup); 1/2 cup bulghur; 1 egg, lightly beaten; 1/2 teaspoon dried oregano; 1/2 teaspoon salt; Freshly ground black pepper; 3 red bell peppers, halved lengthwise, cores and ribs removed; 2 (14 1/2-ounce) cans low-sodium stewed tomatoes, finely chopped; 1/3 cup crumbled feta cheese | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. In a large bowl combine the beef, spinach, zucchini, onion, bulghur, egg, oregano, salt and a few grinds of pepper. Mix until thoroughly combined. Arrange the pepper halves cut side up in a 9 by 13-inch baking dish and fill each pepper half with the meat mixture. Pour the tomatoes over the peppers and sprinkle with the feta cheese. Cover with foil and bake for 30 minutes. Uncover and bake until the meat mixture is completely cooked and the peppers are tender, about 25 minutes longer. <END>
INPUT: Indian, tikka, piece ginger, garlic, garam masala, cayenne pepper, Kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken Tikka Masala | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 1 2-inch piece ginger, peeled and roughly chopped; 4 cloves garlic; 2 teaspoons garam masala; 1/4 teaspoon cayenne pepper; Kosher salt; 1 large head cauliflower, cut into florets; 2 tablespoons tomato paste; 3/4 cup low-fat plain yogurt; 8 skinless, boneless chicken thighs (1 3/4 to 2 pounds), trimmed; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1 15-ounce can no-salt-added crushed tomatoes; 1/4 cup chopped fresh cilantro | INSTRUCTIONS: Pulse the ginger, garlic, garam masala and 1/4 teaspoon each cayenne and salt in a food processor to make a paste. Toss the cauliflower, 1 tablespoon of the spice paste, 1 tablespoon water and a pinch of salt in a microwave-safe bowl; set aside. Add the tomato paste to the remaining spice paste; pulse, then transfer 1 tablespoon to a bowl. Add 1/2 cup yogurt, a pinch of salt and the chicken; toss to coat. Heat the olive oil in a skillet over medium-high heat. Add the remaining tomato-spice mixture and cook, stirring, 3 minutes. Add the tomatoes, 1 1/4 cups water and 1/2 teaspoon salt; bring to <END>
INPUT: cupcake, cake flour, cinnamon, baking powder, baking soda
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sweet Potato Cupcake with Brown Sugar Glazed Chicken | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Nonstick cooking spray, for spraying liners; 1 2/3 cups cake flour; 3 teaspoons cinnamon; 1 teaspoon baking powder; 1/2 teaspoon baking soda; Salt; 4 ounces (1 stick) unsalted butter, at room temperature; 1 1/4 cups granulated sugar; 3/4 cup canned sweet potatoes, mashed (reserve 1 cup of the liquid); 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; 2 eggs; 1/3 cup buttermilk; 1 tablespoon vegetable oil; 1 boneless skinless chicken breast; 2 cups dark brown sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: For the cupcake batter and brown sugar glazed chicken: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line cupcake pans with cupcake liners (for a total of 24 cupcakes); lightly spray the liners with cooking spray. In a medium mixing bowl, sift together the cake flour, 1 teaspoon of the cinnamon, the baking powder, baking soda and a pinch salt. In the bowl of a stand mixer with a paddle attachment, cream the butter and granulated sugar. Add the sweet potatoes and beat until smooth. Mix the vanilla extract and eggs into the sweet potato mixture, scrape down the sides of the bowl and beat until incorporated <END>
INPUT: Italian, vegetable, sauce, bell pepper Salt, fennel celery basil, plum tomatoes parsley, plum tomatoes cheese, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cheese Filled Ravioli with Vegetable Sauce | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cups minced red bell pepper Salt and pepper to taste; 1 cup minced fennel or celery 3 tablespoons minced fresh basil; 3 cups diced plum tomatoes or or parsley; drained canned plum tomatoes 12 ounces cheese filled ravioli; 3 cloves garlic, minced Freshly grated Parmesan cheese to taste; 1/2 teaspoon each dried basil and thyme; 4 tablespoons olive oil 1 small can (10 1/2 ounces); 1 cup minced red onion cannellini beans, drained | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large skillet set over moderately low heat, heat the oil until it is hot. Add the onion, red pepper and fennel and cook the vegetables, covered, stirring occasionally, for 5 minutes. Add the tomatoes, garlic, herbs, cannellini beans, salt and pepper to taste and simmer the mixture, covered, stirring occasionally, for 5 minutes more. Stir in the basil or parsley. Meanwhile, cook the ravioli in boiling salted water until al dente. Drain and transfer to a serving dish. Top with sauce. Serve with freshly grated Parmesan. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, ceviche, Maine lobster, clean, oranges, lemons, limes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lobster and Scallop Ceviche | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 Maine lobster; 1/2 pound clean, dry sea scallops; 4 oranges, juiced; 4 lemons, juiced; 4 limes, juiced; 1 Bermuda onion, sliced thin; 2 small chopped tomatoes; 3 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro; 1/2 small habanero; 1/4 cup Spanish olive oil; 1/4 cup ketchup; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; Avocado, for garnish; Plantain chips, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Blanch lobster in boiling water for 6 minutes. Remove from heat. Put lobster on ice bath. Once cool, cut lobster into small pieces. Cut the cleaned scallops into thin slices. Combine scallops and lobster in a bowl. Pour the citrus juices over scallops and lobster. Add the onions, tomatoes, cilantro, habanero, olive oil, ketchup, salt, and pepper. Mix gently to coat the scallops and lobster. Cover the bowl tightly, refrigerate for 4 hours to "cook". Drain the juice, and arrange on plates. Garnish with fresh avocado and plantain chips. <END>
INPUT: Indian, pan, egg whites, sorghum molasses, pecan halves, granulated sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sweet Potatoes | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: Nonstick pan spray; 2 egg whites; 1 tablespoon sorghum molasses; 3 cups pecan halves; 1/2 cup granulated sugar; 1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 1/4 teaspoon ground coriander; 1/8 teaspoon cayenne pepper; 1/8 teaspoon ground cumin; 3 pounds sweet potatoes, peeled and large dice; 4 cups vegetable stock, or water if unavailable; 4 teaspoons salt; 1/2 teaspoon white peppercorns, ground; 1/3 cup unsalted butter | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. For the pecan candy: Preheat the oven to 225 degrees F. Lightly spray a nonstick pan with oil or pan spray. Whip together the egg whites, molasses and 1 tablespoon water in a stand mixer until soft peaks or fluffy. Fold the pecans into the bowl. In a smaller bowl, combine the sugar, cinnamon, salt, coriander, cayenne and cumin. Place the pecans on the prepared baking sheet and dust over the spice and sugar mixture. Bake in the oven until evenly browned and fragrant, 45 minutes to 1 hour, stirring every 10 to 12 minutes. Be sure to spread out each individual pecan <END>
INPUT: Asian, milk, whipping cream, ginger, egg yolks, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Ginger Ice Cream with Maple Rum Bananas and Pecans | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups milk (do not use low-fat or nonfat); 2 cups whipping cream; 1/2 cup chopped fresh ginger; 8 large egg yolks; 3/4 cup sugar; 1 cup pure maple syrup; 1/4 cup dark rum; 5 bananas, sliced; Chopped pecans | INSTRUCTIONS: For Ice Cream: Bring first 3 ingredients to simmer in medium saucepan. Cover; let steep 20 minutes. Bring to simmer again. Strain into medium bowl. Whisk yolks and sugar in large bowl until pale yellow, about 3 minutes. Gradually whisk in milk mixture. Return mixture to same saucepan and stir over medium heat until custard thickens and leaves path on back of spoon when finger is drawn across, about 4 minutes (do not boil). Strain custard into clean bowl. Chill about 2 hours. Process custard in ice cream maker. Transfer to covered container and freeze until firm. (Can be made 2 days ahead.) Bri <END>
INPUT: American, spareribs, butter, potatoes, onions, coffee barbecue sauce
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spareribs with Coffee Barbecue Sauce | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 6 pounds spareribs; 8 tablespoons butter; 4 large potatoes, peeled and diced; 2 small onions, diced; 1 cup coffee barbecue sauce, recipe follows; 1 cup cooked corn kernels; 2 tablespoons caraway seeds; 1 cup chopped chives; 1/2 cup chopped cilantro; 2 bunches asparagus; Kosher salt and ground pepper; 1/4 cup vegetable oil; 1/2 onion, chopped; 1/2 cup chopped garlic; 1/4 cup chopped cilantro | INSTRUCTIONS: Place spareribs in a large pan, cover with salted water, and bring to a boil. Cook spareribs for 1 1/2 hours, drain, and allow spareribs to cool until they can be easily handled. Bone spareribs and trim all visible fat. Discard bones and fat, and cut remaining meat into 1/2-inch cubes and reserve. Heat butter in a large saute pan, preferably with a nonstick surface. Add potatoes and onions, and cook until tender. Add meat and coffee barbecue sauce and cook until all ingredients are heated through. Stir in corn, caraway seeds, chives, and cilantro. Season and reserve. Steam asparagus until fork <END>
INPUT: American, macaroni, carbonara, Unsalted butter, olive oil, slice pancetta, garlic, all purpose flour
OUTPUT: TITLE: Macaroni and Cheese Carbonara | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: Unsalted butter, for the baking dish; 1 tablespoon olive oil; 1 1-inch-thick slice pancetta, cut into small dice; 4 cloves garlic, finely chopped; 3 tablespoons all-purpose flour; 5 cups whole milk, or more if needed, hot; 4 large egg yolks, lightly whisked; 2 teaspoons finely chopped fresh thyme leaves; 1/2 teaspoon cayenne pepper; 2 cups (8 ounces) grated asiago cheese, plus more for the top; 1 1/2 cups (6 ounces) grated Irish white cheddar cheese, plus more for the top; 1 1/2 cups (6 ounces) grated American cheddar cheese, plus more for the top; 1 cup (4 ounces) grated aged fontina cheese, plus more for the top; 1/2 cup freshly grated parmesan cheese, plus more for the top; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Butter the bottom and sides of a 10-by-10-by-2-inch baking dish and set it aside. Heat the oil in a large saute pan over medium heat. Add the pancetta and cook until golden brown on all sides, about 8 minutes. Remove with a slotted spoon to a plate lined with paper towels. Add the garlic to the fat in the pan and cook until lightly golden brown, 1 minute. Whisk in the flour and cook for 1 to 2 minutes. Whisk in the hot milk, raise the heat to high and cook, whisking constantly, until thickened, 3 to about 5 minutes. Whisk in the eggs until incorporated and le <END>
INPUT: American, sandwiches, Eight country style, Monterey jack, unsalted butter, smoked bacon, vine ripened tomatoes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Cheese Sandwiches | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: Eight 1/2-inch thick slices country-style sourdough bread; 12 ounces Monterey jack, farmhouse cheddar, gruyere, or imported Swiss cheese, thinly sliced; 3 tablespoons unsalted butter; 8 slices smoked bacon, cooked and broken into 1-inch pieces; 2 vine-ripened tomatoes, sliced, and drained on paper towels for 5 minutes; 8 slices baked ham | INSTRUCTIONS: Place 4 slices of bread on a cutting board. Lay half the cheese slices on the bread. Lay the bacon, tomato, or ham on top of the cheese. Cover with the remaining cheese. Top with the remaining slices of bread and press down slightly. Heat a large skillet over medium-low heat and melt a tablespoon of the butter. Carefully place 2 of the sandwiches in the pan, and cook until the bread browns and the cheese is slightly melted, about 5 minutes. Turn the sandwiches with a spatula and add a small hazelnut-size piece of butter to the pan. Cook until the other side of the sandwiches is toasted and the <END>
INPUT: roast, turkey, Kosher salt pepper, onion, garlic, Several herbs
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roast Turkey | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 8 to 10-pound turkey, neck and giblets removed; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 medium onion, quartered; 1 head garlic, halved; Several sprigs of fresh herbs, such as thyme, parsley, rosemary, or sage; 2 bay leaves; 8 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. Adjust a rack to lowest position and remove other racks. 2. Preheat oven to 325 degrees F. 3. Pat turkey dry, inside and out, with paper towels. Season inside of breast cavity with salt and pepper and stuff with onion, garlic, herbs, and bay leaves. Set bird on a roasting rack set in a roasting pan, breast side up, and brush with half of butter. Season with salt and pepper. Tent aluminum foil over bird. 4. Roast turkey on lowest oven rack for 2 hours. Remove foil and baste with remaining butter and pan drippings. Increase oven temperature to 425 degrees F and continue to roast until an inst <END>
INPUT: sundaes, half half, whipping cream, vanilla bean, sugar, egg yolks
OUTPUT: TITLE: Strawberry Sundaes with Crème Fraîche Ice Cream | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup half and half; 1 cup whipping cream; 1/2 vanilla bean, split lengthwise; 3/4 cup sugar; 6 large egg yolks; 1 cup crème fraîche; 1 1-pint basket strawberries, hulled, sliced; Strawberry Sauce | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine half and half and cream in heavy large saucepan. Scrape in seeds from vanilla bean; add bean. Bring to boil. Remove from heat. Cover and let stand 15 minutes. Using electric mixer, beat sugar and yolks in large bowl until thick and pale yellow, about 4 minutes. Gradually beat in warm cream mixture. Return mixture to saucepan. Stir over medium-low heat until custard thickens and leaves path on spoon when finger is drawn across, about 6 minutes (do not boil). Remove from heat. Cool 15 minutes. Discard vanilla bean. Whisk in crème fraîche. Cover and chill custard until cold, about 3 hours <END>
INPUT: Mexican, salsa, tomatillos, jalapeño chiles seeds, handful coriander leaves, water, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tomatillo Salsa | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 8 tomatillos* (about 10 ounces), husks discarded; 2 fresh jalapeño chiles with seeds, chopped (wear rubber gloves); 1 small handful fresh coriander leaves, washed well and spun dry; 1/4 cup water; 1/2 small white onion, chopped fine; 1/4 teaspoon coarse salt, or to taste; available at Mexican markets, specialty produce markets, and some supermarkets | INSTRUCTIONS: Rinse tomatillos under warm water to remove stickiness and dry them. Quarter tomatillos and in a blender purée with jalapeño, coriander, and water until very smooth. In a bowl stir together tomatillo mixture, onion, and salt. (Salsa may be made 10 hours ahead and chilled, covered. Bring salsa to room temperature before serving.) Rinse tomatillos under warm water to remove stickiness and dry them. Quarter tomatillos and in a blender purée with jalapeño, coriander, and water until very smooth. In a bowl stir together tomatillo mixture, onion, and salt. (Salsa may be made 10 hours ahead and chill <END>
INPUT: Mexican, soup, cucumbers, cuminseed, garlic, buttermilk
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cucumber and Cumin Soup | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 3 cucumbers (about 1 1/2 pounds) peeled, seeded, and cut into pieces; 1/4 teaspoon cuminseed, toasted lightly; 1 small garlic clove, chopped; 3/4 cup buttermilk | INSTRUCTIONS: In a blender blend the cucumbers, the cuminseed, the garlic, and the buttermilk until the mixture is smooth. Transfer the soup to a bowl, season it with salt and pepper, and chill it covered, for 1 hour, or until it is cold. In a blender blend the cucumbers, the cuminseed, the garlic, and the buttermilk until the mixture is smooth. Transfer the soup to a bowl, season it with salt and pepper, and chill it covered, for 1 hour, or until it is cold. <END>
INPUT: Indian, mini brioche rolls, chutney, very good sharp
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cheddar and Chutney on Brioche | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 60 mini brioche rolls; 2 to 3 jars chutney (recommended: Major Grey's); 2 pounds very good extra-sharp Cheddar | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Cut each roll in half crosswise. Spread the bottom half liberally with chutney. Place a thick slice of Cheddar on top and cover with the top half of the roll. <END>
INPUT: Italian, puddings, milk ricotta, egg yolk, sour cream, sugar, heavy cream
OUTPUT: TITLE: Ricotta Puddings with Glazed Rhubarb | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup whole-milk ricotta (8 3/4 oz); 1 whole large egg plus 1 large yolk; 1/4 cup sour cream; 2 tablespoons sugar; 2 tablespoons heavy cream; 2 tablespoons mild honey; 1/8 teaspoon salt; 1/2 teaspoon finely grated fresh lemon zest; 3 1/2 tablespoons sugar; 1/2 teaspoon cornstarch; 1/2 lb fresh rhubarb stalks (about 2), cut diagonally into 1/4-inch-thick slices; Special equipment: a muffin pan (preferably nonstick) with 6 (1/2-cup) muffin cups | INSTRUCTIONS: Make pudding batter: Put oven rack in middle position and preheat oven to 325°F. Lightly oil muffin cups. Blend together all pudding ingredients in a blender until smooth, then divide batter among muffin cups. Put oven rack in middle position and preheat oven to 325°F. Lightly oil muffin cups. Blend together all pudding ingredients in a blender until smooth, then divide batter among muffin cups. Prepare rhubarb: Stir together sugar and cornstarch in a 9- to 10-inch glass or ceramic pie plate. Add rhubarb and toss to coat, then spread in one layer. Stir together sugar and cornstarch in a 9- to  <END>
INPUT: salad, Yukon Gold potatoes, wine vinegar, sugar, onion, virgin olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Oil and Vinegar Potato Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 pounds Yukon Gold potatoes (about 5 medium), unpeeled; 1/4 cup red wine vinegar; 1/2 teaspoon sugar; 1/2 small red onion, very thinly sliced; 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh Italian parsley | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook potatoes in large pot of boiling salted water until tender, about 30 minutes. Drain. Cool to just warm, 10 to 15 minutes; peel potatoes. Cut each potato in half, then cut into 1/3-inch slices. Place warm potatoes in large bowl. Stir red wine vinegar and sugar in small bowl until sugar dissolves, then drizzle over potatoes. Toss to coat. Mix in onion slices. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Cool to room temperature. Add olive oil and parsley to potatoes. Toss well and let marinate at least 20 minutes and up to 2 hours at room temperature. Cook potatoes in large pot of boiling salted w <END>
INPUT: Mexican, salsa, habanero chiles, amarillo chiles, scallions, grapefruit, lime
OUTPUT: TITLE: Habanero Salsa | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 5 habanero chiles, roasted; 4 amarillo chiles; 3 scallions, finely chopped; 1 grapefruit, juiced; 1 lime, zested and juiced; 1 bunch cilantro, leaves picked and chopped; Salt and pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Soak the habanero and amarillo chiles in hot water for approximately 10 minutes. Remove the chiles from the water and scrape and deseed them. Place the chiles into a food processor and add enough of the soaking liquid to cover a quarter of the way. Puree into a fine paste. Place the puree into a bowl and add in the chopped scallions, fruit juices, lime zest, and chopped cilantro. Mix well, season with salt and pepper, and serve warm. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, salsa, Champagne vinegar, saffron threads, olive oil, oil cured olives, preserved lemon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Leg of Lamb with Saffron and Olive Salsa | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup Champagne vinegar; 1/2 teaspoon saffron threads; 2 cups olive oil; 1 cup oil-cured olives, pitted and finely chopped; 1 tablespoon preserved lemon, diced small; 1 tablespoon cracked black pepper; 1 (5 to 6 pound) leg of lamb, trimmed of excess fat; 1/4 cup olive oil; 1 tablespoon dried oregano, crumbled; 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh oregano; l lemon, juiced; 2 teaspoons salt; 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 8 small sprigs rosemary; 3 cloves garlic, thinly sliced | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Make the salsa: In a small saucepan, bring the vinegar and saffron to a boil for 1 minute. Pour into a bowl and whisk in the olive oil slowly allowing it to incorporate and emulsify. Add the olives, lemon, and pepper. Set aside. Make the lamb: Preheat the oven to 500 degrees F. Using a knife, make 8 deep slits into the meatiest parts of the lamb. Rub the lamb all over with the oil, oregano, lemon, and salt. Tuck the rosemary and garlic into the slits. Place the lamb on a rack in a roasting pan and roast until well browned, about 30 minutes. Lower heat to 350 degr <END>
INPUT: Indian, backyard, gigante beans, bay leaves, garlic, chile flakes, Salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Backyard Gigante Beans and Butternut Squash | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup gigante beans; 2 bay leaves; 2 cloves garlic; Pinch red chile flakes; Salt; 1/2 large butternut squash, peeled, seeded and diced; Olive oil, for drizzling; Freshly ground black pepper; 2 ribs celery, roughly chopped; 1 large carrot, peeled and roughly chopped; 1 sweet onion, roughly chopped; 1 cup cherry tomatoes; 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1 teaspoon ground coriander; 1 teaspoon ground cumin | INSTRUCTIONS: Place the gigante beans in a saucepan and cover with water. Soak overnight. The next day, add to the beans the bay leaves, garlic, red chile flakes and some salt. Put the saucepan over medium-high heat and cook for 1 hour, then drain and remove the bay leaves. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Place two-thirds of the cubed butternut squash on a baking sheet. Drizzle with oil, salt and pepper, and put into the oven. Roast until caramelized, about 30 minutes. To a food processor, add the celery, carrots, onions and remaining butternut squash. Process until the vegetables are uniform in shape. P <END>
INPUT: American, layered, crust, granulated sugar, cinnamon, phyllo pastry
OUTPUT: TITLE: Layered Apple Pie With Phyllo Crust | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup (1 stick) unsalted butter, melted, divided; 1 cup granulated sugar; 1/4 cup (packed) dark brown sugar; 2 1/2 teaspoons ground cinnamon; 10 sheets frozen phyllo pastry, thawed (each about 13x18 inches); 1/4 cup fresh lemon juice; 2 1/2 pounds Gala apples, preferably small (about 6); A 9" pie pan (not deep dish), pastry brush, mandoline | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 325°F. Brush pie pan with about 1 Tbsp. butter. Whisk granulated sugar, brown sugar, and cinnamon in a medium bowl. Place 2 phyllo sheets on a work surface with the long side facing you; keep remaining phyllo covered with plastic wrap. Using pastry brush, lightly brush entire surface with butter, then sprinkle 1 Tbsp. cinnamon sugar on right half of phyllo. Fold left half of both sheets over to enclose sugar. Brush surface lightly with butter. Press folded phyllo, buttered side down, into center and edges of prepared pan, leaving an equal overhang on two opposite sides. Repeat  <END>
INPUT: American, garlic, virgin olive oil, wine Sherry vinegar, thyme rosemary leaves, pepper flakes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Marinated Mushroom, Tomato, and Scallion Skewers | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 garlic cloves, finely chopped; 1/2 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 1/4 cup red wine or Sherry vinegar; 3 tablespoons chopped fresh thyme and/or rosemary leaves; Large pinch of crushed red pepper flakes; 1 teaspoon kosher salt, plus more to taste; 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, plus more to taste; 6 scallions, cut crosswise into 2-inch pieces; 1 pint cherry tomatoes; 1 pint cremini, button, or other small mushrooms; 4–6 long wooden or metal skewers, or 4–6 long live branches whittled down to sharpened sticks | INSTRUCTIONS: Whisk garlic, oil, vinegar, thyme, red pepper flakes, 1 tsp. salt, and 1/2 tsp. black pepper in a medium bowl. Transfer mixture to a resealable container or plastic bag and add scallions, tomatoes, and mushrooms. Marinate until ready to cook, at least 15 minutes. If using wooden skewers or branches, soak them in water at least 10 minutes. Skewer scallions, tomatoes, and mushrooms, dividing evenly and leaving about 4 inches of empty skewer at the bottom. Reserve leftover marinade. Prepare a campfire for medium heat. When it's ablaze, carefully place skewers vertically in the ground around the f <END>
INPUT: milanese, All purpose flour, eggs, fine bread crumbs, Parmesan
OUTPUT: TITLE: Turkey Cutlets Milanese with Watercress Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 (6 ounce) turkey cutlets (about 3/4 pound total and each pounded to about 1/4-inch thick); All-purpose flour, seasoned with salt and pepper, for dredging; 2 large eggs; 3/4 cup fine fresh bread crumbs; 3/4 cup finely shredded Parmesan; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1 bunch watercress, coarse stems discarded and leaves washed well and spun dry, alternatively use mesclun salad greens; 1/4 cup thinly sliced red onion; 1 1/2 tablespoons olive oil; 1 teaspoon fresh lemon juice; 1/8 teaspoon salt; Lemon wedges, as an accompaniment | INSTRUCTIONS: Make turkey cutlets: Pat the turkey dry and spread the seasoned flour on a plate. In a small shallow bowl, beat eggs lightly, and season them with salt and pepper. In another small shallow bowl, stir together bread crumbs and Parmesan. Dredge cutlets in flour, shaking off excess, and dip in egg, letting excess drip off. Coat cutlets with bread crumb mixture and put on a waxed-paper-lined tray. You can at this point chill cutlets for 15 minutes. In a 12-inch non-stick skillet, heat oil over moderately high heat until hot but not smoking and saute cutlets 1 1/2 to 2 minutes on each side, or unti <END>
INPUT: sandwiches, unsalted butter, garlic, scallions, dill, flat leaf parsley
OUTPUT: TITLE: Smoked Salmon Tea Sandwiches | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 pound unsalted butter, room temperature; 1/4 teaspoon minced garlic; 1 tablespoon minced scallions (white and green parts); 1 tablespoon minced fresh dill; 1 tablespoon minced fresh flat-leaf parsley; 1 teaspoon freshly squeezed lemon juice; 1 teaspoon kosher salt; 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 1 loaf dense 7-grain or health bread, unsliced; 8 slices smoked salmon | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. For the herb butter, combine all the butter ingredients in a mixer fitted with a paddle attachment. Beat until mixed, but do not whip. For the sandwiches, have the store slice the bread lengthwise on a meat slicer into 1/4-inch-thick slices. (If that isn't possible, you can slice it crosswise with a very sharp knife.) Lay out 8 slices of bread and spread them all with a thin layer of herb butter. Place smoked salmon on 4 of the slices. Top with the other 4 slices of bread, butter side down. Place the sandwiches on a baking sheet and wrap with plastic. Refrigerate <END>
INPUT: granita, water, sugar, mint leaves, lime juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cantaloupe and Mint Granita | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups water; 1 cup sugar, plus extra, as needed; 1 1/4 cups fresh mint leaves, packed, divided; 1 (2 1/2 to 3-pound) cantaloupe melon, peeled, seeded and cut into 1-inch pieces to yield about 4 cups flesh; 3 tablespoons fresh lime juice (from about 2 large limes) | INSTRUCTIONS: In a small saucepan, combine the water, sugar, and 1 cup mint leaves over medium heat. Bring to a boil, reduce heat, and simmer, stirring occasionally, until the sugar has dissolved, about 5 minutes. Remove the pan from the heat and allow the syrup to cool, about 20 minutes. Strain before using. In a blender, puree the cooled syrup, cantaloupe, and lime juice until smooth. Taste, and adjust the sweetness by blending in 1 extra tablespoon of sugar at a time. Add the remaining mint leaves and blend until finely chopped. Pour the mixture into a 9-by-13-by-2-inch glass baking dish and freeze until <END>
INPUT: crisp, porcini mushrooms, boiling hot water, shallots, olive oil, thyme
OUTPUT: TITLE: Glazed Chicken with Porcini and Crisp Potatoes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups dried porcini mushrooms ( 1 3/4 ounces ); 1 1/2 cups boiling-hot water plus 1/4 cup cold water; 1 cup thinly sliced shallots (about 3 medium); 1/3 cup olive oil, divided; 1 1/2 teaspoons chopped thyme plus 3 whole sprigs; 5 tablespoons dry Marsala, divided; 1 1/2 tablespoons mild honey; 1 whole chicken (about 3 1/2 pounds); 2 1/4 pounds large Yukon Gold potatoes; 1/2 tablespoon all-purpose flour; 1/2 cup reduced-sodium chicken broth; 1 tablespoon white-wine vinegar; Equipment: kitchen string | INSTRUCTIONS: Soak porcini in hot water (1 1/2 cups) in a small bowl until well softened, 20 to 30 minutes. Lift porcini out, squeezing liquid into bowl, then rinse porcini (to remove any grit) and coarsely chop. Strain soaking liquid through a sieve lined with a damp paper towel into a small saucepan and reserve. Preheat oven to 425°F with rack in middle. Cook shallots in 2 tablespoons oil with 1/4 teaspoon salt in a 12-inch nonstick skillet over medium heat, stirring occasionally, until golden, about 7 minutes. Add porcini, chopped thyme, and 1/4 teaspoon pepper and cook, stirring occasionally, 2 minutes. <END>
INPUT: meaty cross sections, Worcestershire sauce, carrots, unsalted butter, bottled horseradish
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spicy Beef Shanks with Julienne Carrots | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 meaty cross-cut sections beef shanks (about 4 1/4 pounds total); 4 teaspoons Worcestershire sauce; 1 pound carrots, cut into 2-inch julienne strips; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1 tablespoon bottled horseradish, drained, or grated fresh horseradish to taste; 2 teaspoons minced fresh parsley leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 275°F. In a heavy ovenproof kettle large enough to hold beef shanks in one layer arrange shanks and season with salt and pepper. Roast meat, covered tightly, in middle of oven 2 1/2 hours, or until tender. (Meat will give off juices as it cooks.) Stir Worcestershire sauce into pan juices and cool meat, covered partially, basting it as it cools. Transfer meat with a slotted spoon to a platter and discard bones and gristle. Skim fat from pan juices. Return meat to pan juices and heat, covered partially, over moderate heat until just heated through. In a steamer set over simmering <END>
INPUT: winter, bark, bittersweet, mixed nuts, mixed fruit, quarter size rounds, fleur de sel
OUTPUT: TITLE: Winter Dried Fruit and Nut Chocolate Bark | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 11 1/2-ounce bag bittersweet (60% cocoa) chocolate chips (about 2 cups); 2/3 cup mixed toasted nuts (such as walnuts, pistachios, pecans, and almonds); 2/3 cup mixed dried fruit (such as raisins, cranberries, cherries, quartered figs, and quartered apricots); 6 quarter-size rounds crystallized ginger, thinly sliced; 1/8 teaspoon fleur de sel or coarse kosher salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Line small baking sheet with foil. Melt chocolate chips in medium bowl over saucepan of simmering water, stirring until melted and smooth. Pour melted chocolate onto foil, spreading with offset spatula to thickness of scant 1/4 inch. Scatter nuts and dried fruit over chocolate. Sprinkle with ginger. Sprinkle with fleur de sel. Chill until chocolate is firm, about 30 minutes. Peel off foil. Cut chocolate into irregular pieces. Serve bark slightly chilled. Line small baking sheet with foil. Melt chocolate chips in medium bowl over saucepan of simmering water, stirring until melted and smooth. Po <END>
INPUT: Asian, gingered, barbeque, plums, gingerroot, garlic, hoisin sauce, firmly sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Gingered Plum Barbeque Sauce | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 4 black plums (about 3/4 pound), cut into 1-inch chunks; 1 tablespoon finely grated peeled fresh gingerroot; 1 garlic clove, chopped; 3 tablespoons hoisin sauce*; 2 tablespoons firmly packed brown sugar; 2 tablespoons water; 1 tablespoon soy sauce; 1 star anise or 1/4 teaspoon anise seeds; 1 tablespoon cider vinegar; 2 scallions, chopped; *available at specialty foods shops, Asian markets, and most supermarkets | INSTRUCTIONS: In a saucepan simmer all ingredients except vinegar and scallions, covered, stirring occasionally, until plums are falling apart, about 20 minutes. Add vinegar and simmer, uncovered, stirring frequently, until sauce is consistency of ketchup, about 10 minutes. Discard star anise or anise seeds and stir in scallions. In a saucepan simmer all ingredients except vinegar and scallions, covered, stirring occasionally, until plums are falling apart, about 20 minutes. Add vinegar and simmer, uncovered, stirring frequently, until sauce is consistency of ketchup, about 10 minutes. Discard star anise or <END>
INPUT: crostini, olive oil, pancetta, onions, garlic, lemon juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Red Onion Crostini | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons plus 6 teaspoons olive oil (preferably extra-virgin); 2 ounces pancetta, finely chopped; 3 large red onions, thinly sliced; 1 tablespoon minced garlic; 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice; 1 teaspoon fennel seeds, crushed; 2 teaspoons Sherry wine vinegar or balsamic vinegar; 6 5 x 3 x 1/2 -inch slices country-style bread, toasted; Chopped fresh parsley | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat 3 tablespoons oil in large skillet over medium-high heat. Add pancetta; sauté 3 minutes. Add onions, garlic, lemon juice and fennel seeds; sauté until onions begin to brown, about 10 minutes. Reduce heat to medium; cover and cook until onions are tender, stirring occasionally, about 20 minutes. Remove from heat. Stir in vinegar. Season with salt and pepper. (Can be made 1 day ahead. Cover; chill. Rewarm over medium-low heat before continuing.) Drizzle each toast slice with 1 teaspoon oil. Divide onion mixture among toasts. Sprinkle with parsley and serve. Heat 3 tablespoons oil in large s <END>
INPUT: Italian, gnocchi, Kosher salt, russet potatoes, egg yolks, Parmesan, nutmeg
OUTPUT: TITLE: Potato Gnocchi | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: Kosher salt; 1 pound russet potatoes; 3 to 4 large egg yolks; 1/2 cup freshly grated Parmesan; 1/4 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg; 1/2 teaspoon gray salt; 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 1 cup all-purpose flour, plus more for dusting board and dough | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Spread a layer of kosher salt on a baking sheet and arrange the potatoes on top (see Cook's Note). Bake until a bit overcooked, about 45 minutes. Let sit until cool enough to handle, cut in half, and scoop out the flesh. Reserve the potato skins, if desired, for another use. Pass the potatoes through a potato ricer or grate them on the large holes of a box grater. You should have about 2 cups. Make a mound of potatoes on the counter with a well in the middle, add 3 of the egg yolks, the cheese, nutmeg, salt, and pepper. Mix in t <END>
INPUT: apple, financier, confectioners' sugar, all purpose flour, salt, unsalted butter, egg yolk
OUTPUT: TITLE: Apple and Honey Financier Tart | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup confectioners' sugar; 3/4 cup plus 2 tablespoons all-purpose flour; Pinch of salt; 4 1/2 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened; 1 large egg yolk; 3 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1/2 cup slivered almonds; 1/4 cup plus 3 tablespoons confectioners' sugar; 1/4 cup plus 2 tablespoons all-purpose flour; 2 tablespoons cornstarch; Pinch of salt; 4 large egg whites; 2 tablespoons honey; 1/4 cup heavy cream; 1 vanilla bean, split | INSTRUCTIONS: Make the tart shell: Sift together the confectioners' sugar, flour, and salt into a bowl. Place the butter in a food processor and process until smooth, about 15 seconds. Scatter the flour mixture over the butter, add the egg, and process just until the dough forms a mass; do not overmix. Turn the dough out onto the counter and shape into a disc, wrap in plastic wrap, and refrigerate for at least 2 hours or up to 24 hours. The dough may be well wrapped and frozen for up to 1 month. Let the dough stand at room temperature for 15 minutes to soften. Flour 2 pieces of parchment paper. Dust the dis <END>
INPUT: salt, pepper, vegetable oil, rosemary
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Rosemary Steaks | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 (1 pound) New York strip steaks, 1-inch thick; 2 teaspoons salt; 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 2 tablespoons vegetable oil; 2 sprigs fresh rosemary, cut in half; 6 tablespoons butter; 1 teaspoon salt; 3 sprigs fresh rosemary | INSTRUCTIONS: For the steaks: In a baking dish, sprinkle the steaks on both sides with the salt and pepper and drizzle with the oil. Place the rosemary in the dish and allow to marinate on the counter at room temperature for 1 hour, turning the steaks halfway through to infuse all over with rosemary. For the rosemary butter: In a saucepan over medium-low heat, add the butter and salt. Stir to melt the butter and dissolve the salt, then add the rosemary. Continue cooking on low until the butter is fragrant from the rosemary, 10 to 12 minutes. Remove the rosemary and discard. Preheat a grill or grill pan to h <END>
INPUT: Jif® Natural Creamy, honey, cinnamon, delicious apple, granola cereal raisins
OUTPUT: TITLE: Peanut Butter Apple Rings | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/3 cup Jif® Natural Creamy Peanut Butter Spread; 4 teaspoons honey; 1/4 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1 large red delicious apple, cored and cut crosswise into 6 rings; 1/2 cup granola cereal with raisins | INSTRUCTIONS: 1.STIR peanut butter, honey and cinnamon in small bowl. Arrange apple rings on serving plates. Spread rings evenly with thin layer of peanut butter mixture. 2.LIGHTLY PRESS granola cereal into peanut butter mixture. Serve immediately. <END>
INPUT: virgin olive oil, onions, pizza dough, Gorgonzola dolce, walnuts
OUTPUT: TITLE: Caramelized-Onion and Gorgonzola Grilled Pizza | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil, divided; 1 1/4 pounds onions (2 large), halved lengthwise and thinly sliced; 14 to 16 ounce pizza dough, thawed if frozen; 1/4 pound Gorgonzola dolce, crumbled (1 cup); 1/2 cup walnuts, toasted and coarsely chopped; 1/4 cup chopped flat-leaf parsley | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat 1/4 cup oil in a 12-inch heavy skillet over medium-low heat until it shimmers, then cook onions with 1/2 tsp salt and 1/4 tsp pepper, covered, stirring occasionally, until golden, 15 to 20 minutes. Transfer to a small bowl and keep warm, covered. Prepare a grill for direct-heat cooking over low charcoal (medium heat for gas). Stretch dough into a roughly 12- by 10-inch rectangle on a large baking sheet and brush with 1 Tbsp oil. Bring dough, onions, cheese, nuts, parsley, and remaining Tbsp oil to grill area. Oil grill rack, then put dough, oiled side down, on grill and brush top with rem <END>
INPUT: cocktails, orange wedges
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cynar and Vermouth Cocktails | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 ounces (3/4 cup) Cynar; 3 ounces (6 tablespoons) sweet vermouth; 8 ounces (1 cup) fresh orange juice; 12 ounces (1 1/2 cups) chilled club soda or seltzer; Garnish: thin orange wedges | INSTRUCTIONS: Stir together Cynar, vermouth, and orange juice in a pitcher. Divide among 6 (12-ounce) glasses filled with ice cubes, then top off drinks with club soda. Stir together Cynar, vermouth, and orange juice in a pitcher. Divide among 6 (12-ounce) glasses filled with ice cubes, then top off drinks with club soda. <END>
INPUT: French, garlic, Salt pepper, olive oil, shallots, wine
OUTPUT: TITLE: Steamed Mussels with White Wine, Tarragon, Shallots, Butter, and Grilled French Bread | CUISINE: French | INGREDIENTS: 2 cloves garlic; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 tablespoons olive oil, plus more for the bread; 2 shallots, coarsely chopped; 2 cups white wine; 2 pounds cultivated mussels, scrubbed; 2 tablespoons cold unsalted butter; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh tarragon leaves; 1 baguette, halved lengthwise | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat grill to high. Sprinkle garlic with a pinch of salt and, with the flat side of a large knife, mash and smear the garlic to a coarse paste. Heat the oil in a stockpot on the grates of the grill, add the shallots and garlic and cook until shallots soften. Add the wine, bring to a boil and stir in the mussels. Cover the pot and cook the mussels until all of them have opened, about 6 to 8 minutes, discard any that do not open. Remove the mussels with a slotted spoon to a large bowl. Bring the cooking liquid to a simmer and whisk in the butter. Season with salt and pepper, to taste, and stir i <END>
INPUT: crumb, fine sea salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Vanilla Crumb | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup (5 ounces) all-purpose flour; 3/4 cup (5 1/4 ounces) granulated sugar; 1/4 cup packed (1⅞ ounces) light brown sugar; 1/4 teaspoon fine sea salt; 1/2 cup (4 ounces) cold unsalted butter, cut into 1/4-inch cubes; 1 tablespoon pure vanilla extract | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine the flour, sugars, salt, and butter in the bowl of a food processor or a stand mixer with the paddle attachment. If using a food processor, pulse until the mixture is the texture of coarse crumbs. With a stand mixer, combine on low speed, also until the texture of coarse crumbs. Drizzle the vanilla over the mixture and either pulse or mix briefly to distribute the vanilla. Combine the flour, sugars, salt, and butter in the bowl of a food processor or a stand mixer with the paddle attachment. If using a food processor, pulse until the mixture is the texture of coarse crumbs. With a stan <END>
INPUT: unpeeled garlic, vegetable oil, shallot
OUTPUT: TITLE: Shallot and Garlic Butter | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 unpeeled garlic cloves; 1/4 cup vegetable oil; 1/2 cup thinly sliced shallot; 1 1/2 sticks (3/4 cup) unsalted butter, softened | INSTRUCTIONS: In a small saucepan of boiling water boil the garlic cloves for 6 minutes, drain them, and peel them. In a small heavy skillet heat the oil over moderately high heat until it is hot but not smoking and in it fry the shallot for 3 to 5 minutes, or until it is golden. Transfer the fried shallot to paper towels to drain. In a small bowl mash the garlic to a paste, add the fried shallot, the butter, and salt and pepper to taste, and cream the mixture. Let the butter stand, covered, in a cool place for 1 hour to allow the flavors to develop. Serve the butter with meat, poultry, seafood, or vegetabl <END>
INPUT: fritters, corn kernels, flour, baking powder, Tbs. cornmeal, eggs
OUTPUT: TITLE: Savory Corn Fritters | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cup corn kernels, fresh or frozen; 1 3/4 cup flour; 2 tsp. baking powder; 2 Tbs. yellow cornmeal; 2 large eggs; 1 cup milk; salt and pepper; peanut oil for deep frying | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat oil in a large Dutch oven or heavy-bottomed pot to 365F. Whisk together flour, baking powder, cornmeal, salt and pepper in a mixing bowl. Whisk eggs together on another bowl and then add dry ingredients. Fold in corn kernels last. Do not overmix batter. Carefully drop by tablespoonful into oil and fry until golden brown. Drain on paper towels. <END>
INPUT: loin, vegetables, butter, wild mushrooms, currant jelly, shallot
OUTPUT: TITLE: Butter Roasted Caribou Loin, Mashed Potatoes with Roasted Garlic and Bacon, Sauteed Vegetables, Wild | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 (4-ounce) portions caribou; 2 1/2 ounces butter; 6 1/2 ounces wild mushrooms; 2 tablespoons currant jelly; 1 shallot, minced; 1 cup veal stock; 3/4 cup red wine; Salt and pepper; 5 large Yukon gold potatoes; 1 small head garlic, roasted and mashed; 1 1/2 ounces butter; 3 1/2 ounces bacon, cooked and chopped fine; 1/2 cup milk, hot; 1/4 pound asparagus, peeled and blanched; 1/4 pound snow peas, trimmed and blanched | INSTRUCTIONS: Caribou Loin and Sauce: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Put 2 1/2 ounces of butter and 1 tablespoon of vegetable oil in a large saute pan and heat. Season the caribou with salt and pepper. Sear caribou over low heat. Remove the meat from the pan, add the wild mushrooms and shallots. After searing the meat, put it in a pan and cook in the oven for 15 minutes. It is very important that you served this meat rare or medium rare. Deglaze the pan with the red wine. Add the veal stock and the currant jelly. Reduce the mixture by half. Add salt and pepper, to taste. Potatoes: Bring a large pot of salte <END>
INPUT: mexican, chicken, butter, onion, garlic, hot chilis
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mexican Chicken Sauté | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 1/2 to 4 pound chicken, quartered; 4-6 tablespoon butter; 2 tablespoons finely chopped onion; 1 finely chopped garlic clove; 3 peeled hot green chilis; Salt; 2/3 cup white wine (Pouilly Fuissé or White Pinot); Garnish: chopped toasted almonds | INSTRUCTIONS: Brown the chicken pieces in the butter, turning each piece to color evenly. When nearly browned, add 2 tablespoons chopped onion and cook gently until onion and chicken are brown and blended. Add salt to taste, garlic, and chilis. Pour over this mixture 2/3 cup white wine and simmer gently until chicken is tender. Remove chicken to a hot platter, pour pan juices over it and garnish with chopped toasted almonds. Serve with polenta. Brown the chicken pieces in the butter, turning each piece to color evenly. When nearly browned, add 2 tablespoons chopped onion and cook gently until onion and chic <END>
INPUT: crusted, alaskan, mixed herbs, Champagne vinegar, basil oil, Kosher salt pepper, quinoa
OUTPUT: TITLE: Potato-Crusted Alaskan Salmon with Arugula, Quinoa Salad and Lemon Beurre Blanc | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon mixed chopped fresh herbs, such as; chives, thyme leaves, and parsley leaves; 1 teaspoon Champagne vinegar; 3 teaspoons basil oil, plus more for drizzling; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1/2 pound quinoa; 2 plum tomatoes, halved, seeded, and cut into a medium dice; 1/2 red onion, cut into a small dice; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh flat-leaf parsley; 1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil; 1 teaspoon kosher salt; 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 1/2 lemon, juiced; 2 russet potatoes; 1/2 cup Kalamata olives, pitted; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Make the Vinaigrette: In a bowl, whisk together herbs and vinegar. While whisking, drizzle in the oil to make a smooth dressing. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Make the Quinoa Salad: Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add the quinoa and cook until tender. Strain and transfer to a bowl. Add the tomato, onion, parsley, oil, salt, pepper, and lemon juice. Set aside. (The salad can be made up to 3 days ahead of time and refrigerated. Bring to room temperature before serving.) Make the Salmon: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Peel and thinly slice the potatoes 1/8-inch thick on  <END>
INPUT: salad, uncooked beets, Granny Smith apples, celery root, scallions, apple juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Beet and Apple Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound uncooked beets peeled and grated; 1 pound Granny Smith apples peeled and grated; 1/2 pound celery root, peeled and grated; 2 scallions, diced; 4 ounces apple juice; 2 ounces sherry vinegar; 4 ounces olive oil; 2 bunches picked watercress; Salt and pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Mix beets, apples, celery root and scallions together. Season with salt and pepper and set aside. Whisk together apple juice, vinegar and whisk in olive oil slowly. Pour mixture over beets cover tightly and refrigerate for 3 hours. Romove from refrigerator, toss in watercress and serve. <END>
INPUT: vinaigrette, maple syrup, English style mustard, cider vinegar, cranberry juice, vegetable oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cranberry Vinaigrette | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon maple syrup; 1/2 teaspoon English-style dry mustard; 1 tablespoon cider vinegar; 2 tablespoons cranberry juice; 1/2 cup vegetable oil | INSTRUCTIONS: In a bowl whisk together the syrup, the mustard, the vinegar, the cranberry juice, and salt to taste, add the oil in a stream, whisking, and whisk the vinaigrette until it is emulsified. In a bowl whisk together the syrup, the mustard, the vinegar, the cranberry juice, and salt to taste, add the oil in a stream, whisking, and whisk the vinaigrette until it is emulsified. <END>
INPUT: Italian, Roma tomatoes, Sea salt pepper, thyme, olive oil, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Baked Rigatoni with Roasted Eggplant and Tomato | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 3 Roma tomatoes; Sea salt and fresh ground black pepper; 4 sprigs fresh thyme; 2 ounces olive oil, plus 2 cups olive oil, plus extra for drizzling; 2 heads garlic, cloves peeled; 2 Italian eggplants; 1/4 pound dried rigatoni; 2 scallions, cut into 1/4-inch slices; 1 bunch fresh basil, leaves only; 1 cup fresh ricotta cheese; 1/4 cup grated Parmesan | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 300 degrees F. Prepare oven-dried tomatoes: Skin the tomatoes by placing them in boiling water for 30 seconds and then plunging them right away in ice water. This will help you remove the skin without cooking the tomatoes. Using a paring knife, peel the skin off the tomatoes and then cut them in 1/2 lengthwise. Place the tomatoes in a bowl, sprinkle with alt and add the thyme and 2 ounces of olive oil. Arrange the tomatoes with the thyme sprigs on a non-reactive baking pan. Leave enough space around the tomato halves so they don't touch, allowing air to circulate and dry them o <END>
INPUT: chicken, pancetta, wine, balsamic vinegar, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken with Rosemary, Pancetta and Balsamic Vinegar | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 3 3/4-pound whole chicken, halved, backbone removed; 6 1-ounce slices pancetta; 1 1/2 cups dry white wine; 1/2 cup balsamic vinegar; 3 tablespoons finely chopped garlic; 2 teaspoons minced fresh rosemary; 1/4 cup olive oil (preferably extra-virgin); Fresh rosemary sprigs (optional) | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 300°F. Place chicken halves skin side up in roasting pan. Place 3 slices pancetta atop each chicken half. Pour wine and vinegar over chicken. Sprinkle garlic and rosemary over. Drizzle chicken with olive oil. Cover and bake until chicken is cooked through, about 1 hour 45 minutes. Transfer chicken to baking sheet; tent with foil to keep warm. Preheat broiler. Pour pan juices into small saucepan. Spoon fat from top of pan juices. Boil juices until reduces to 1 cup, about 25 minutes. Meanwhile, broil chicken until pancetta and chicken are golden brown, about 6 minutes. Preheat ov <END>
INPUT: Asian, cantonese, cornstarch, reduced sodium chicken, Chinese rice wine, soy sauce, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lobster Cantonese | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon cornstarch; 3/4 cup reduced-sodium chicken broth; 1/4 cup Chinese rice wine or dry Sherry; 3 tablespoons soy sauce; 1 teaspoon sugar; 1/4 teaspoon black pepper; 2 (1 1/2-lb) live lobsters; 2 tablespoons vegetable oil; 2 tablespoons Chinese fermented black beans, rinsed and finely chopped; 2 teaspoons finely chopped garlic; 2 teaspoons finely chopped peeled fresh ginger; 4 scallions, trimmed and cut into 1 1/2-inch pieces; 1/4 lb ground fatty pork; 2 large eggs, lightly beaten; 2 teaspoons Asian sesame oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring 6 quarts water with 3 tablespoons salt to a boil in an 8- to 10-quart pot over high heat. Meanwhile, stir together cornstarch, broth, rice wine, soy sauce, sugar, and pepper in a small bowl until sugar is dissolved. Plunge lobsters headfirst into boiling water, then cover tightly and cook for 2 minutes from time lobsters enter water. Transfer lobsters with tongs to a large bowl of ice and cold water to stop cooking (lobsters will not be fully cooked), then drain lobsters in a colander. When cool enough to handle, twist off tail and claws (including joints) of 1 lobster. Cut body in half  <END>
INPUT: sauce, shallots, parsley leaves, good wine, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mussels in White Wine and Meyer Lemon Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup (8 tablespoons) unsalted butter, plus more for the bread; 4 shallots, minced; 1 cup fresh parsley leaves, chopped; 1 cup good white wine; 1 teaspoon freshly cracked pepper; 1/2 teaspoon sea salt; 6 Meyer lemons, juiced; 2 pounds fresh mussels, cleaned; Crusty bread, for serving; 1 clove garlic | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat the butter in a large pot over medium heat. Saute the shallots until opaque, a few minutes. Add the parsley, wine, pepper, sea salt and lemon juice. Turn the heat up to high and bring the mixture to a boil. Let reduce for 3 minutes. Add the mussels, cover and shake the pot every minute so that the mussels cook evenly. When the mussels open, they're done. Discard any unopened ones. Toast the bread, rub with the garlic clove and spread with butter. Spoon 6 to 8 mussels into each bowl and add 2 slices of bread. <END>
INPUT: sorbet, sugar, water, strained tangerine juice, Prosecco, tangerine peel
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tangerine and Prosecco Sorbet | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 cup sugar; 3/4 cup water; 2 cups chilled strained tangerine juice (from about 16 tangerines); 1 cup chilled Prosecco; 1 tablespoon finely grated tangerine peel; Special equipment: Ice cream maker | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine sugar and 3/4 cup water in small saucepan. Stir over medium heat until sugar dissolves. Increase heat and bring to boil. Transfer syrup to medium bowl and chill until cold, about 2 hours. Add strained tangerine juice, Prosecco, and finely grated tangerine peel to syrup; whisk to blend well. Transfer mixture to ice cream maker and process according to manufacturer's instructions. Transfer sorbet to freezer container. Cover tightly with lid and freeze until firm, at least 8 hours or overnight. DO AHEAD: Can be made 3 days ahead. Keep frozen. Divide sorbet among wine goblets or dessert gl <END>
INPUT: Italian, soup, wafers, tomatoes, basil leaves, garlic, virgin olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Quinoa and Tomato Soup With Parmesan Wafers and Crispy Basil | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: About 4 1/2 pounds tomatoes (2kg), halved; 1 cup basil leaves; 1 head garlic; Extra virgin olive oil, for drizzling; 2 cups (320g) cooked quinoa; 1 1/2 quarts (1.5 liters) chicken stock; Sea salt and cracked black pepper; 1/2 cup (80g) cooked quinoa; 1/2 cup (40g) finely grated Parmesan; Cracked black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 400°F (200°C). To make the Parmesan Wafers, place the quinoa, Parmesan and pepper in a bowl and toss to combine. Place tablespoons of the mixture on a baking tray lined with non-stick baking paper and bake for 5–7 minutes or until golden. Allow to cool on the tray and set aside. Place the tomatoes, basil and garlic on a baking tray lined with non-stick baking paper and drizzle with oil. Roast for 45 minutes or until the tomatoes are soft and the basil is crisp. Spread the quinoa on a separate baking tray lined with non-stick baking paper, drizzle with oil and toss to coat. Roas <END>
INPUT: medieval, marinade, turkey legs, chicken legs, olive oil, chicken broth
OUTPUT: TITLE: Turkey and Chicken Legs with Medieval Marinade | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 turkey legs; 4 chicken legs; 1 (6-ounce) can tomato paste; 1/4 cup olive oil; 1 1/2 cups chicken broth; 1/4 cup Worcestershire sauce; 2 tablespoons applewood rub (recommended: McCormick); 1 tablespoon apple cider vinegar; 1 cup frozen chopped onions, thawed; 1 tablespoon chopped garlic; 1 bunch fresh parsley, leaves picked, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Put the turkey and chicken legs into a large resealable plastic bag. In a large bowl, combine the tomato paste, olive oil, chicken broth, Worcestershire sauce, applewood rub, apple cider vinegar, onions, and garlic, and whisk them together until blended. Pour the marinade into the resealable bag over the turkey and chicken legs. Seal the bag and put it into a large bowl. Marinate in the refrigerator for at least 1 hour or as long as overnight. Preheat 1 side of a grill over medium heat. Remove the turkey and chicken legs from the marinade, shaking off the excess, and set aside. Put the marinad <END>
INPUT: Indian, tikka, sour cream plain, vegetable oil, mild hot curry, sweet paprika, Kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cauliflower Tikka Masala | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup sour cream or plain Greek yogurt; 2 tablespoons vegetable oil; 1 tablespoon mild or hot curry powder; 1 1/2 teaspoons sweet paprika; Kosher salt; 1 head cauliflower, broken into florets (about 4 cups); 3 cloves garlic, roughly chopped; One 1/2-inch piece fresh ginger, roughly chopped; 1 small yellow onion, roughly chopped; 2 teaspoons garam masala; One 28-ounce can no-salt-added tomato puree; One 14-ounce can chickpeas, rinsed and drained; 1 cup frozen peas, thawed; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 3 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro, plus more for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Whisk together 2 tablespoons of the sour cream, 1 tablespoon of the oil, 1 tablespoon water, 1 1/2 teaspoons of the curry powder, 1/2 teaspoon of the paprika and 1/4 teaspoon salt in a medium bowl. Add the cauliflower and toss to evenly coat. Cover the bowl and marinate for 30 minutes at room temperature. Meanwhile, pulse the garlic, ginger, onion and 2 tablespoons water in a food processor until smooth. Heat the remaining 1 tablespoon vegetable oil in a 6-quart Dutch oven or large heavy pot over medium-high heat. Add the onion mixture, garam masala, the remaining 2 1/2 teaspoons curry powder, <END>
INPUT: wrapped, banana leaves, salmon, virgin olive oil, salt pepper, citrus juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Citrus Salmon Wrapped in Banana Leaves | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 banana leaves; 4 6 oz. pieces salmon; extra-virgin olive oil; salt and pepper; citrus juice | INSTRUCTIONS: Wash the banana leaves and brush them with a delicate amount of olive oil. Season the salmon with salt and pepper, a little citrus juice and any other desired aromatics. Wrap in the salmon in banana leaves and place in a 350 degree F oven until done (about 7 minutes). <END>
INPUT: Italian, ravioli, bacon, Swiss chard, garlic, ricotta cheese, Parmesan cheese
OUTPUT: TITLE: Swiss Chard, Bacon, and Ricotta Ravioli with Tomato Sauce | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 3 slices bacon; 3 cups chopped Swiss chard, stems discarded, leaves washed and chopped (about 1/2 pound); 1/2 teaspoon minced garlic; 1/2 cup ricotta cheese; 2 tablespoons freshly grated Parmesan cheese; 24 won ton wrappers*, thawed if frozen; 1 cup prepared tomato sauce, heated; *available at Asian markets and most supermarkets | INSTRUCTIONS: Make filling: In a large heavy skillet cook bacon over moderate heat until crisp and with a slotted spatula transfer to a cutting board. Chop bacon fine. Remove all but 1 tablespoon fat from skillet and heat remaining fat over moderately high heat until hot but not smoking. Cook chard and garlic, stirring, until chard is tender, about 2 minutes. Transfer chard mixture to a bowl and cool. To chard mixture add cheeses, 2 tablespoons bacon, and salt and pepper to taste. Bring a large saucepan of salted water to a gentle boil. Put a won ton wrapper on a lightly floured surface and mound 1 tablespo <END>
INPUT: American, virgin olive oil, onion, garlic, thyme, fennel seeds
OUTPUT: TITLE: Stuffed Artichokes with Capers and Pecorino Cheese | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 5 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, divided; 1 cup chopped onion; 2 garlic cloves, minced; 2 teaspoons minced fresh thyme; 1/2 teaspoon fennel seeds, coarsely ground; 2 cups fresh breadcrumbs made from crustless French bread; 1/2 cup finely grated Pecorino Romano cheese, divided; 2 tablespoons chopped drained capers; 4 large artichokes, trimmed, chokes removed; 3/4 cup dry white wine; 3/4 cup low-salt chicken broth | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 400°F. Heat 3 tablespoons oil in medium skillet over medium heat. Add onion; sauté until soft, about 6 minutes. Add next 3 ingredients; stir 2 minutes. Transfer to bowl; cool. Stir in breadcrumbs, 1/4 cup cheese, and capers. Season stuffing with salt and pepper. Spoon 2 scant tablespoons bread stuffing into center of each prepared artichoke. Starting with bottom leaves of artichokes, gently pull each leaf outward from center and spoon in 1/2 to 1 teaspoon stuffing. Arrange artichokes in 13x9x2- inch glass baking dish. Drizzle with remaining 2 tablespoons oil; sprinkle with 1/4  <END>
INPUT: soaked, precooked brats, water, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Beer Soaked Brats | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 precooked brats; 1 (12-ounce) can of beer; 3/4 cup of water; 1 onion, sliced | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook brats on grill until brown and split. Place brats in a mixture of 1/4 of the beer, 3/4 cup water and the sliced onion. Simmer the brats in the brine mixture for 30 minutes. Before serving, place brats back onto grill for 1 minute.; <END>
INPUT: American, sauce, pancetta, Giblets neck from, onion, pepper flakes, tomato paste
OUTPUT: TITLE: Rigatoni With Braised Giblet Sauce | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup diced pancetta (about 6 ounces); Giblets and neck from your turkey; 1 medium onion, chopped; 1/2 to 1 teaspoon red pepper flakes; 2 tablespoons tomato paste; 6 cloves garlic, sliced; 3 bay leaves; 1 teaspoon chopped fresh rosemary; Kosher salt; 1 cup dry white wine; 2 28-ounce cans whole San Marzano tomatoes; 1 piece parmesan rind (optional), plus shaved cheese for topping; 1/2 cup chopped fresh parsley; Freshly ground pepper; 1 pound rigatoni | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook the pancetta in a large pot over medium heat, stirring, until slightly crisp, about 5 minutes. Meanwhile, rinse the turkey giblets; chop into 1/2-inch pieces. Add the giblets and neck to the pot; cook until browned, about 5 minutes. Add the onion and red pepper flakes; cook until the onion is soft, about 3 minutes. Stir in the tomato paste, garlic, bay leaves, rosemary and 1 teaspoon salt; cook, stirring, about 5 more minutes. Add the wine and cook until slightly reduced, about 5 minutes. Crush the tomatoes into the pot with your hands and pour in the juice from the cans. Add 3 cups water <END>
INPUT: American, herbed, soft goat cheese, heavy cream, tarragon, thyme, chives
OUTPUT: TITLE: Herbed Goat Cheese | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 8 ounces soft goat cheese; 3 tablespoons heavy cream; 3 tablespoons tarragon, chopped; 2 tablespoons thyme, chopped; 1 bunch chives, chopped; Pepper to taste; 1 tablespoon dry white wine; 1 teaspoon grated lemon zest | INSTRUCTIONS: In a food processor pulse to break up goat cheese. Add cream and pulse until smooth. Remove to a large bowl. Add tarragon, thyme, chives, pepper, wine and zest. Whisk together until smooth. Refrigerate until ready to serve. <END>
INPUT: zakarian, oatmeal stout, Irish whiskey, half half, Simple Syrup, creme de menthe
OUTPUT: TITLE: Zakarian's Irish Creme with Stout | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 16 ounces oatmeal stout; 1 ounce Irish whiskey, such as Redbreast; 1/2 ounce half-and-half; 1/4 ounce Simple Syrup, recipe follows; 1/8 ounce creme de menthe; 1/8 teaspoon cinnamon; 1 cup sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Fill a pint glass half-full with the oatmeal stout and let it settle. Combine the whiskey, half-and-half, Simple Syrup, creme de menthe and cinnamon in a cocktail shaker. Add ice, shake vigorously and double-strain into a shot glass. Top off the oatmeal stout pint and let settle. Serve the shot and stout together. Shoot or sip the Irish creme and drink or sip the oatmeal stout. Combine the sugar and 1 cup water in a small saucepan and bring to a boil. Cook, stirring, until the sugar dissolves. Remove from the heat and let cool completely. Keep covered in the refr <END>
INPUT: Italian, carbonara, Kosher salt pepper, spaghetti, virgin olive oil, pancetta, eggs
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spaghetti Carbonara | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 pound spaghetti; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, plus more for drizzling; 4 ounces pancetta, chopped; 4 large eggs; 1/2 cup grated Parmesan, plus more for garnish; 3 tablespoons minced fresh parsley | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Cook the spaghetti according to the package instructions while you start the sauce. Heat a large skillet over medium-high heat and add the oil and pancetta. Cook until the pancetta gets brown and crispy, 3 to 4 minutes. In a bowl, whisk the eggs with the cheese and some salt and pepper. When the spaghetti is done, drain it, reserving some of the cooking water, and add the pasta to the hot pancetta skillet. Toss to coat the pasta with the oil. Remove the skillet from the heat and pour over the egg mixture, tossing quickly so the eggs don't scramble.  <END>
INPUT: coleslaw, mayonnaise, sour cream, apple cider vinegar, honey, Juice lemon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Creamy Crispy Coleslaw with Pecans | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 cup mayonnaise; 3/4 cup sour cream; 3 tablespoons apple cider vinegar; 1 tablespoon honey; Juice of 1 lemon; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1/4 head green cabbage, finely sliced; 1/4 head red cabbage, finely sliced; 1/2 bunch kale, stems removed and leaves finely sliced; 3 carrots, peeled and julienned; 2 green apples, such as Granny Smith, thinly sliced; 1/2 red onion, thinly sliced; 1 cup pecans | INSTRUCTIONS: Prepare the dressing by combining the mayonnaise, sour cream, vinegar, honey, lemon juice and some salt and pepper in a large mixing bowl. Whisk together to mix. Add the green and red cabbage, kale, carrots, apples and onions. Toss well to coat everything evenly and mix. Set aside while you toast the pecans. Set a large dry pan over medium to high heat and add the pecans. Brown the pecans all over, 5 to 6 minutes. Remove from the pan, roughly chop and then sprinkle them over the top of the coleslaw. <END>
INPUT: flatbreads, onion, virgin olive oil, salt, honey
OUTPUT: TITLE: Onion-Rye Flatbreads | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 large onion, finely chopped (1 1/4 cups); 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 1 1/2 teaspoons salt; 1 (1/4-oz) package active dry yeast (2 1/2 teaspoons); 1 tablespoon honey; 1 cup warm milk (105 - 115°F); 2 cups all-purpose flour plus additional for kneading; 1 cup rye flour; 3/4 teaspoon cracked black pepper; Cornmeal for sprinkling; 1 large egg yolk, lightly beaten with 1 tablespoon water; 2 teaspoons caraway seeds | INSTRUCTIONS: Make dough: Cook onion in oil with 1/4 teaspoon salt in an 8- to 9-inch nonstick skillet over moderately low heat, stirring, until softened, about 6 minutes, then cool. Stir together yeast, honey, and 1/4 cup milk in a small bowl and let stand until foamy, about 5 minutes. (If mixture doesn't foam, discard and start over with new yeast.) Stir together flours, pepper, and remaining 1 1/4 teaspoons salt in a large bowl, then add yeast mixture, onion mixture, and remaining 3/4 cup milk, stirring until a soft dough forms. Turn out dough onto a floured surface and knead, adding just enough addition <END>
INPUT: country, frittata, olive oil, potatoes, pancetta, garlic, peas
OUTPUT: TITLE: Country Potato, Pea, and Pancetta Frittata | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 teaspoons olive oil; 1 pound cooked potatoes, cut into small chunks; 4 thin slices pancetta, about 2 ounces; 4 garlic cloves, thinly sliced; 1/2 cup frozen peas, thawed; 8 egg whites; 3 whole eggs; Coarse grained salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1/4 cup Parmesan | INSTRUCTIONS: In a medium nonstick pan with an oven proof handle, heat olive oil until hot, but not smoking, add the potatoes, pancetta, and garlic and "fry" until golden on all sides. Add peas. In a small bowl, whisk the egg whites with the whole eggs. Add the eggs, season with salt and pepper and cook over medium low heat, occasionally sliding a spatula around the edges of the pan to loosen the frittata as it cooks. Cook until just set. Sprinkle with cheese and place under the broiler until the top is golden brown, about 1 to 2 minutes. <END>
INPUT: salad, cremini mushrooms, onion, water, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Marinated Mushroom and Arugula Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup, plus 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 10 ounces white or cremini mushrooms, stemmed if woody or dry; 1 small red onion, sliced; 2 tablespoons water; 2 cloves garlic, peeled and roughly chopped; 1 teaspoon whole coriander seeds; Pinch red pepper flakes; 1 1/2 teaspoons kosher salt; Freshly ground black pepper; 1/4 cup white wine vinegar; 1/4 cup sliced almonds; 8 cups arugula (about 3 bunches); 2 ounces Manchego or Parmesan | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat 2 tablespoons of the oil in a skillet over medium heat. Add the mushroom caps and cook until brown and tender, about 8 minutes. Stir the remaining olive oil, vinegar, onion, water, garlic, coriander, pepper flakes, salt, and pepper together in a bowl. Add the oil mixture to the mushrooms and cook until tender and marinade has reduced, about 10 to 12 minutes. Transfer to a bowl and cool. Serve now or refrigerate for up to a week. Meanwhile, put the almonds in a small dry skillet over medium heat, toss until evenly toasted and fragrant, about 2 minutes. Set aside. Toss the arugula with the  <END>
INPUT: grab, grape tomatoes, basil leaves, balsamic vinaigrette dressing, seedless grapes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grab and Go Skewers | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 12 grape tomatoes; 12 basil leaves; 12 (6-inch) bamboo skewers; 1/2 cup balsamic vinaigrette dressing; 12 seedless grapes, green or red; 1 mango, peeled and cut into bite size pieces; 12 strawberries, tops removed; 1 (6-ounce) container vanilla yogurt; 1 tablespoon honey; 12 (6-inch) bamboo skewers | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Hold the shrimp up so it looks like the letter C, with the tail making the bottom of the C. Push the skewer through the tail, stopping when the tip of the skewer hits the middle of the C. Skewer 1 grape tomato and 1 basil leaf. Then, push the skewer through the top of the shrimp, so the grape and basil are enclosed inside the shrimp. Repeat with remaining shrimp, basil and tomatoes, placing each finished skewer inside a plastic storage container. Place in the refrigerator until you're ready to go. Five minutes before serving drizzle skewers with dressing. <END>
INPUT: Italian, caesar, dressing, Greek yogurt, lemon juice, Parmesan, anchovies, olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Greek Yogurt Caesar Dressing | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 cup 2-percent Greek yogurt; 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice (about 1 lemon); 1/4 cup grated Parmesan; 5 anchovies; 1 tablespoon olive oil; 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard; 1 small garlic clove, chopped; 1/2 teaspoon dried oregano; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Combine the yogurt, lemon juice, Parmesan, anchovies, olive oil, mustard, garlic, oregano, 3/4 teaspoon salt and 1 teaspoon pepper in a blender or food processor and blend until smooth. Cover and chill for at least 30 minutes. The dressing will keep, refrigerated, for up to 3 days. <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, garlic, butter, Italian olives
OUTPUT: TITLE: Garlic and Olive Butter | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 3 cloves garlic, cracked away from skin; 1 pound butter, softened; 1 cup pitted Italian green olives, available in bulk near deli section of your market | INSTRUCTIONS: Place the garlic in a food processor and process until chopped. Add the softened butter and process until smooth. Add the olives to the food processor and pulse them into the mixture until they are just barely combined. Roll garlic olive butter into logs using double layers of plastic food wrap. Store butter logs in the freezer. Cut off discs to top grilled chicken or broiled fish. For Garlic Olive Bread: Soften 1/4 pound of butter to make 1 loaf of garlic olive bread. Toast a split loaf of bread under hot broiler. Spread with softened garlic olive butter on each half of bread. Sprinkle bread  <END>
INPUT: American, triple, balls, pkg., Milk, OREO Cookies, pkg. BAKER'S Semi, square BAKER'S Chocolate
OUTPUT: TITLE: Triple-Chocolate Cookie Balls | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 pkg. (3.9oz) JELL-O Chocolate Instant Pudding; 1/2 cup Cold Milk; 36 OREO Cookies, finely crushed (about 3 cups); 1-1/2 pkg. BAKER'S Semi-Sweet Chocolate (12 squares), melted; 1 square BAKER'S White Chocolate, melted | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. Beat pudding mix and milk in medium bowl with whisk for 2 min. Add cookie crumbs; mix well. 2. Shape into 42 {1-inch) balls. Freeze for 10 min. Dip in melted chocolate; place in single layer in shallow waxed paper-lined pan. 3. Refrigerate for 20 min. or until firm. Drizzle with white chocolate and refrigerate for 10 min. or until firm. <END>
INPUT: nutty, water, short grain rice, unsalted butter, mixed nuts, nutmeg
OUTPUT: TITLE: Nutty Brown Rice | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 cups water; 1 1/2 cups short-grain brown rice; 3 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1 1/4 cups mixed nuts, chopped; 1/4 teaspoon grated nutmeg | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring water to a boil in a heavy medium saucepan. Add rice and 1/4 teaspoon salt, then reduce heat to low and simmer, uncovered, until rice is tender, about 40 minutes. Drain in a sieve. Heat butter in a large heavy skillet over medium heat until foam subsides. Add nuts and cook, stirring, until butter and nuts are golden brown, about 4 minutes. Add rice and nutmeg to skillet and toss to coat. Bring water to a boil in a heavy medium saucepan. Add rice and 1/4 teaspoon salt, then reduce heat to low and simmer, uncovered, until rice is tender, about 40 minutes. Drain in a sieve. Heat butter in a <END>
INPUT: roast, oil, onions, carrots, celery, knob ginger
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roast Suckling Pig | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup oil; 4 onions chopped; 4 carrots chopped; 1 head celery, chopped; 3-inch knob fresh ginger, peeled and sliced; 2 heads garlic, roots removed, not peeled; 4 cloves; 4 bay leaves; 1 (3-inch) stick cinnamon, cracked; 1 dried chile; 1 cup dry white wine, such as Chardonnay; 12 cups chicken stock; 1 (14-pound) fresh suckling pig, butterflied; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 3 tablespoons cumin seeds | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 250 degrees F. Heat the oil in a very large roasting pan set over medium heat and add the onions, carrots, celery, ginger, and garlic. Cook until the vegetables are softened but not browned, 10 to 12 minutes. Add the cloves, bay leaves, cinnamon, chile with seeds, wine, and chicken stock. Season the pig on all sides with salt and pepper. Set it in the roasting pan skin side up on top of the spices. Roast until the meat is fork-tender, especially checking the legs, 2 to 3 hours. When cool, remove all the bones by hand and lay the pig on a tray, pressing to flatten it. In a s <END>
INPUT: Asian, crisps, old fashioned quick, all purpose flour, cinnamon, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Apple Crisps with Dried Cherries and Ginger | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/4 cups old-fashioned or quick oats; 1 cup plus 2 tablespoons (packed) dark brown sugar; 3/4 cup all purpose flour; 1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 3/4 cup (1 1/2 sticks) unsalted butter, room temperature; 3/4 cup almonds, lightly toasted, chopped; 1/2 cup chopped crystallized ginger; 4 pounds Granny Smith or Pippin apples, peeled, cored, sliced; 1 1/2 cups dried tart cherries; 1/2 cup sugar; 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice; 1 tablespoon all purpose flour; 3/4 teaspoon ground cinnamon; Vanilla ice cream | INSTRUCTIONS: Make topping: Mix oats, brown sugar, flour, cinnamon and salt in large bowl. Add butter and rub in until coarse crumbs form. Mix in almonds and ginger. (Topping can be prepared 1 day ahead. Cover and refrigerate.) Mix oats, brown sugar, flour, cinnamon and salt in large bowl. Add butter and rub in until coarse crumbs form. Mix in almonds and ginger. (Topping can be prepared 1 day ahead. Cover and refrigerate.) Make filling: Preheat oven to 375°F. Butter twelve 1 1/4-cup soufflé dishes. Combine apples, cherries, sugar, lemon juice, flour and ground cinnamon in large bowl. Mix to blend well. Div <END>
INPUT: American, frittata, leeks, asparagus, stemmed shiitake mushrooms, omega eggs
OUTPUT: TITLE: Leek and Asparagus Frittata | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons (1/4 stick) butter; 1 cup chopped leeks (white and pale green parts only); 1 12-ounce bunch thin asparagus, trimmed, cut on diagonal into 1-inch pieces (about 2 1/2 cups); 1 cup sliced stemmed shiitake mushrooms; 8 large omega-3 eggs; 1 cup diced Fontina cheese, divided; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/2 teaspoon ground black pepper; 1/4 cup grated Parmesan cheese | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat broiler. Melt butter in heavy broilerproof 10-inch-diameter nonstick skillet over medium heat. Add leeks and sauté 4 minutes. Add asparagus and shiitake mushrooms, sprinkle lightly with salt, and sauté until tender, about 6 minutes. Whisk eggs, 3/4 cup Fontina cheese, 1/2 teaspoon salt, and 1/2 teaspoon pepper in medium bowl. Add egg mixture to skillet; fold gently to combine. Cook until almost set. Sprinkle remaining 1/4 cup Fontina cheese and Parmesan cheese over. Broil until frittata is puffed and cheese begins to turn golden, about 3 minutes. Cut into wedges and serve. Preheat broi <END>
INPUT: country, terrine, onion, unsalted butter, garlic, thyme, kosher salt table
OUTPUT: TITLE: Country Terrine | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup finely chopped onion (1 large); 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 2 garlic cloves, finely chopped; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh thyme or 1 teaspoon dried, crumbled; 1 tablespoon kosher salt or 1 1/2 teaspoons table salt; 1 teaspoon black peppercorns; 1/2 teaspoon whole allspice or 1/4 teaspoon ground allspice; 1/4 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg; 1 Turkish or 1/2 California bay leaf; 1/2 cup heavy cream; 2 large eggs; 3 tablespoons Cognac or other brandy; 1/2 lb chicken livers, trimmed; 1 lb ground fatty pork shoulder or half lean pork and half fresh pork fatback (without rind); 1/2 lb ground fatty veal (preferably veal breast) | INSTRUCTIONS: Assemble and marinate terrine: Cook onion in butter in a 10-inch heavy skillet, covered, over moderately low heat, stirring frequently, until soft, about 10 minutes. Add garlic and thyme and cook, stirring, 1 minute. Transfer to a large bowl set in a bowl of ice. While onion cools, pulse salt, peppercorns, allspice, nutmeg, and bay leaf in grinder until finely ground. Add to onion mixture and whisk in cream, eggs, and brandy until combined well. Pulse chicken livers in a food processor until finely chopped, then add to onion mixture along with ground pork and veal and mix together well with yo <END>
INPUT: spinach, garlic, olive oil, Salt, Pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sauteed Garlic Spinach | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound spinach, washed and stems removed; 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped; 2 tablespoon olive oil; Salt; Pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Wash spinach and shake off some of the remaining water. Heat oil in skillet over medium high heat and stir in garlic. Cook quickly for 15 seconds. Add in spinach and quickly toss to coat. Spinach will wilt rapidly and should be served immediately. Note: This recipe should be done at the last minute before service <END>
INPUT: garlic, rosemary leaves, lemon zest, fennel seeds
OUTPUT: TITLE: Loin of Pork with Fennel and Garlic | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 (5-pound) loin of pork, bone in,"frenched" and tied; 6 garlic cloves; 1/3 cup fresh rosemary leaves, chopped; 2 tablespoons lemon zest (about 2 lemons); 2 teaspoons fennel seeds; 2 tablespoons good olive oil; 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard; 1 tablespoon kosher salt; 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Allow the pork to stand at room temperature for 30 minutes. Place the pork, fat side up, in a roasting pan just large enough to hold it comfortably. In the bowl of a food processor fitted with a steel blade process the garlic, rosemary, lemon zest, and fennel seeds until roughly chopped. Add the olive oil, mustard, salt and pepper and process until it forms a smooth paste. Rub the paste on top of the pork and roast for 1 to 1 1/4 hours, or until the internal temperature reaches 140 degrees F. Remove from the oven, transfer to a cutting board, and cover with a <END>
INPUT: tart, Financier Batter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Apple Financier Tart | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Financier Batter; 3 tablespoons (43 grams) unsalted butter; 1/2 cup (60 grams) slivered almonds; 1/4 cup plus 3 tablespoons (50 grams) confectioners' sugar; 1/4 cup plus 2 tablespoons (54 grams) all-purpose flour; 2 tablespoons (15 grams) cornstarch; Pinch of salt; 4 large egg whites; 2 tablespoons (42 grams) honey; 1/4 cup (58 grams) heavy cream; 1 vanilla bean, split; Apple Filling; 10 tablespoons (1 1/4 stick) (142 grams) unsalted butter, cut into; 3 medium (510 grams) Golden Delicious apples, peeled, cored, and cut into; 1/2 cup (168 grams) honey | INSTRUCTIONS: Make the financier batter: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees Fahrenheit. Melt the butter in a small skillet over medium heat. Reduce the heat to medium-low and cook the butter until it begins to brown and has a nutty fragrance, about three minutes. Set aside to cool. Put the slivered almonds in a food processor and process until finely ground, about 45 seconds. Transfer the ground almonds to a medium bowl. Sift the confectioners' sugar over the almonds. Add the flour, cornstarch, and salt and gently whist to combine. Combine the egg whites, honey, cooled browned butter, and cream in another medi <END>
INPUT: salad, rice wine vinegar, soy sauce, scallions, pepper, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Hearts of Palm Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons rice wine vinegar; 1 tablespoon soy sauce; 3 scallions, white and tender green parts only, chopped; 1/8 teaspoon ground black pepper; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/2 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 32 ounces canned hearts of palm or 2 pounds fresh hearts of palm; 1 large red onion, julienned; 1 red bell pepper julienned; 1 fresh mango, peeled, cut away from the seed and julienned | INSTRUCTIONS: Through the feed opening of a running blender add, 1 at a time, vinegar, soy sauce, scallions, black pepper, and salt. Then leaving the blender running, add the olive oil in a slow thin stream. Toss together the hearts of palm, onion, bell pepper, and mango. Stir in enough of the dressing to coat, and serve any additional dressing on the side. <END>
INPUT: aioli, potato starch, baking powder, arepa flour, egg yolk, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fried Squid With Aioli | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2/3 cup potato starch; 1 1/4 teaspoons baking powder; 1 3/4 cups arepa flour (precooked cornmeal), divided; 1 large egg yolk; 1 garlic clove, finely grated; 1 teaspoon fresh lemon juice; 1/2 cup grapeseed oil; 1/4 cup olive oil; Kosher salt; Vegetable oil (for frying; about 8 cups); 6 ounces cleaned squid, bodies and tentacles separated; 4 scallions, white and pale-green parts only, sliced into 3-inch pieces; 4 very thin lemon wheels; 1/3 cup torn basil leaves; A deep-fry thermometer | INSTRUCTIONS: Whisk potato starch, baking powder, and 3/4 cup arepa flour in a large bowl. Whisk in 2 1/3 cups water; let sit 30 minutes to allow flour to hydrate. Place remaining 1 cup arepa flour in a shallow bowl. Meanwhile, whisk egg yolk, garlic, and lemon juice in a small bowl to combine. Whisking constantly, gradually drizzle in grapeseed oil and olive oil; whisk until sauce is thickened and emulsified. Season aioli with salt; stir in 1 tsp. water. Fit a large pot with thermometer; pour in vegetable oil to come 3" up sides of pot. Heat over medium-high until thermometer registers 375°F. Meanwhile, cu <END>
INPUT: American, spread, crusty, sharp Cheddar cheese, Asiago cheese, mayonnaise, pimentos, Country bread
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pimento Cheese Spread with Crusty Bread | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups grated sharp Cheddar cheese; 1/2 cup grated Asiago cheese; 1/2 cup mayonnaise; One 4-ounce jar pimentos; Country bread slices, toasted | INSTRUCTIONS: Put the Cheddar, Asiago and mayonnaise in a bowl. Pulse the pimentos and their juices a few times in a mini food processor until coarsely chopped, and stir them into the cheese mixture. Serve with toasted country bread slices. <END>
INPUT: bomboloni, active yeast, Scant milk, all purpose flour, egg, unsalted butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Gorgonzola Bomboloni | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 teaspoon active dry yeast (from a 1/4-ounce package); Scant 1/2 cup warm whole milk (105-115°F); 1 1/4 cups all-purpose flour, divided; 1 large egg; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened; 2 tablespoons sugar; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/4 pound chilled Gorgonzola, rind discarded and cheese cut into 16 (3/4-inch) cubes; About 4 cups vegetable oil; a stand mixer fitted with paddle attachment; a deep-fat thermometer | INSTRUCTIONS: Stir together yeast and milk in bowl of mixer and let stand until foamy, about 5 minutes. (If mixture doesn't foam, start over with new yeast.) Mix in 3/4 cup flour. Cover bowl with plastic wrap and a kitchen towel and let dough rise in a draft-free place at warm room temperature until doubled and bubbly, about 1 hour. Mix in egg, butter, sugar, salt, and remaining 1/2 cup flour at low speed until combined. Increase speed to medium and beat dough until satiny and elastic, 5 to 7 minutes. Scrape dough into center of bowl and dust lightly with flour. Cover bowl with plastic wrap and a kitchen to <END>
INPUT: vinaigrette, shiitake mushrooms, canola oil, Salt pepper, grain mustard, balsamic vinegar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Chicken Breasts with Shiitake Mushroom Vinaigrette | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 5 large shiitake mushrooms, stems removed; 6 tablespoons canola oil; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 teaspoon whole-grain mustard; 3 tablespoons balsamic vinegar; 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 4 tablespoons finely chopped flat-leaf parsley, plus torn leaves for garnish; 4 bone-in, skin on chicken breasts (about 8 ounces each) | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Heat the grill to high. Brush both sides of the mushroom caps with 4 tablespoons of the canola oil and season with salt and pepper. Place on the grill, cap side down and grill until golden brown and slightly charred, 4 to 5 minutes. Turn the mushrooms over and continue cooking until just cooked through, 3 to 4 minutes longer. Remove from the grill and coarsely chop. Whisk together the shallots, vinegar, extra virgin olive oil and parsley in a medium bowl until combined and season with salt and pepper. Add the mushrooms and stir to coat. Let sit at room temperatur <END>
INPUT: fish, tagine, cumin, virgin olive oil, capers, cinnamon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fish Tagine with Tomatoes, Capers, and Cinnamon | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 teaspoon ground cumin; 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 1 (15-ounce) can stewed tomatoes, chopped; 1 1/2 tablespoons drained capers; 1/2 teaspoon cinnamon; 4 (6-ounce) pieces hake or halibut fillet (about 1-inch-thick) | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat cumin in oil in a 12-inch heavy skillet over medium heat, stirring occasionally, until fragrant, about 1 minute. Stir in tomatoes, capers, cinnamon, and 1/4 teaspoon each of salt and pepper and simmer, uncovered, stirring occasionally, until thickened, about 10 minutes. Pat fish dry and sprinkle with 1/4 teaspoon each of salt and pepper, then add to skillet. Cover and simmer until fish is just cooked through, 7 to 10 minutes. Heat cumin in oil in a 12-inch heavy skillet over medium heat, stirring occasionally, until fragrant, about 1 minute. Stir in tomatoes, capers, cinnamon, and 1/4 tea <END>
INPUT: spanish, olive oil, onion, garlic, basmati other long, chicken broth
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spanish Rice with Zucchini | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1 onion, chopped fine; 2 garlic cloves, minced; 1 cup basmati or other long-grain rice; 2 cups chicken broth; 1 medium zucchini, cut into 1/4-inch dice | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350°F. In a 2-quart flameproof casserole or saucepan heat oil over moderately high heat until hot but not smoking and add onion and garlic. Reduce heat to moderately low and cook onion mixture, covered, stirring occasionally, about 4 minutes, or until softened. Increase heat to moderate and add rice. Cook rice, stirring, 3 minutes. Add broth and bring to a boil, covered. Bake rice, covered, in middle of oven about 20 minutes, or until liquid is absorbed. Stir in zucchini and let stand, covered, 5 minutes. Preheat oven to 350°F. In a 2-quart flameproof casserole or saucepan heat <END>
INPUT: cakes, all purpose flour, baking powder, lemon zest, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lemon Sun Cakes with Berries and Cream | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 cup plus 2 tablespoons all-purpose flour; 1 teaspoon baking powder; 1/2 teaspoon finely grated fresh lemon zest; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 1/2 stick (1/4 cup) unsalted butter, softened; 1/2 cup sugar; 1 large egg; 1/2 teaspoon vanilla; 1/2 cup whole milk; 1 cup raspberries (4 oz); 1 cup blueberries (5 oz); 1 cup blackberries (5 oz); 1 cup strawberries (4 oz), sliced 1/4 inch thick; 3 tablespoons superfine granulated sugar; 1/2 cup chilled heavy cream | INSTRUCTIONS: Put oven rack in middle position and preheat oven to 350°F. Generously butter molds and put on a baking sheet. Whisk together flour, baking powder, zest, and salt. Beat together butter and sugar with an electric mixer at high speed until pale and fluffy, about 2 minutes. Beat in egg and vanilla until just incorporated. Add milk and beat until just combined (mixture will appear curdled). Reduce speed to low, then add flour mixture in 3 batches, beating until just combined after each addition. Divide batter among molds, filling each mold about two-thirds full. Bake until edges of cakes are golde <END>
INPUT: Mexican, margaritas, lime, coarse salt, concentrate limeade, tequila
OUTPUT: TITLE: Beer Margaritas | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 lime, cut into 8 wedges; 1/4 cup coarse salt; 2 (12-ounce) bottles your favorite beer, chilled; 1/2 cup frozen concentrate limeade, thawed; 1/2 cup chilled tequila; Ice cubes | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Rub lime wedges around rims of 4 margarita glasses. Dip rims into salt to coat lightly. In a medium pitcher, combine beer, limeade, and tequila. Fill prepared glasses with ice, then with margarita mixture. Garnish with remaining lime wedges. Serve immediately. <END>
INPUT: pizzelle, sandwiches, sugar, egg whites, vanilla extract, salt, butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pizzelle Ice Cream Sandwiches | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/3 cup sugar; 2 large egg whites; 1 1/2 teaspoons vanilla extract; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 4 tablespoons butter, melted; 1/3 cup all-purpose flour; 3/4 cup chocolate-hazelnut spread (such as Nutella); 1 pint good-quality ice cream or gelato, such as espresso, vanilla, chocolate; Powdered sugar, for dusting | INSTRUCTIONS: To make the pizzelles: Preheat the pizzelle iron to medium-high heat. Whisk the sugar, egg whites, vanilla, and salt in a large bowl to blend. Whisk in 2 tablespoons of butter. Add the flour and whisk just until blended. Brush the pizzelle cooking surfaces with some of the remaining melted butter. Spoon 1 tablespoon of batter in the center of the pizzelle iron. Close the iron and cook until deep golden, about 3 minutes. Transfer the pizzelles to a cooling rack. Cool completely. Trim off any excess pizzelle along the edges. Store the pizzelles airtight at room temperature. To make the ice cream <END>
INPUT: drop, demerara sugar, gin, limoncello, lemon juice, Moscato d'Asti
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lavender Lemon Drop | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup demerara sugar; 1 ounce gin, such as Plymouth; 1 ounce limoncello, store-bought or homemade, recipe follows; 1/2 ounce lemon juice; 1 ounce Moscato d'Asti; 1 sprig fresh lavender; Lemon wedge, for garnish; 12 large, thick-skinned lemons, preferably Sorrento lemons, washed; 1 liter inexpensive vodka, such as Smirnoff or Tito's; 1 cup sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: For the demerara sugar syrup: Combine the demerara sugar and 1 cup water in a small saucepan and bring to a boil. Cook, stirring, until the sugar dissolves. Remove from the heat and let cool completely. For the lavender lemon drop: Add the gin, limoncello, lemon juice and 1/2 ounce of the demerara sugar syrup to a cocktail shaker, add large ice and shake vigorously. Add the Moscato d'Asti, tumble-roll once to mix throughout and double-strain into a martini glass with a small sprig of lavender. Garnish with a lemon wedge and serve (do not muddle the lavender). Keep the remaining demerara sugar  <END>
INPUT: Asian, vietnamese, salad, rice paper, fish sauce, lime juice, garlic, chili
OUTPUT: TITLE: Vietnamese Salad Rolls with Chicken, Shrimp and Beef | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 24 rice paper sheets (available in Chinatown); 1 cup fish sauce; 4 tablespoons lime juice; 1 teaspoon garlic, minced; 2 teaspoons chili; 4 tablespoons water; 2 tablespoons sugar; 1 tablespoon ginger; 2 tablespoons lemongrass; 1/2 tablespoon garlic; 2 tablespoons lime; 1 tablespoon chili paste; 1 tablespoon hoisin; 2 tablespoons sesame oil; 1 small napa cabbage, fine chiffonade | INSTRUCTIONS: Assemble all ingredients and let stand in a bowl that it may be presented in later. To Assemble and Serve: Soak the rice papers a few at a time in hot water. Have a towel ready to work on and to take up some of the extra moisture. Have your fillings ready and seasoned. Roll a variety of salad rolls (some just chicken, just vegetable, some combos, etc.) until all filling and wrappers are used. Arrange the garnishes on a platter along with the fresh salad rolls and the nuoc cham dipping sauce. Tradition has it that the guests using a lettuce leaf as a cup will garnish his or her own salad roll a <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, greek, olive oil, onion, Italian plum tomatoes, wine, oregano
OUTPUT: TITLE: Greek-Style Shrimp | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons olive oil; 1 small onion, chopped; 1 28-ounce can Italian plum tomatoes, drained, chopped; 1/3 cup dry white wine; 1 teaspoon dried oregano, crumbled; 3/4 pound uncooked medium shrimp, peeled, deveined; Salt and freshly ground pepper; Feta and Mint Rice | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat oil in heavy large skillet over medium heat. Add onion and sauté until translucent, about 8 minutes. Add tomatoes, wine and oregano. Simmer until thickened, stirring occasionally, about 5 minutes. Add shrimp and stir until opaque, 3 minutes. Season with salt and pepper. Serve with rice. Heat oil in heavy large skillet over medium heat. Add onion and sauté until translucent, about 8 minutes. Add tomatoes, wine and oregano. Simmer until thickened, stirring occasionally, about 5 minutes. Add shrimp and stir until opaque, 3 minutes. Season with salt and pepper. Serve with rice. <END>
INPUT: Italian, whole, grain, sweet corn, Kosher salt, olive oil, unsalted butter, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Shrimp with Whole Grain Corn-Oat Risotto | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 2 ears sweet corn, shucked; Kosher salt; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 3 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1 small onion, chopped; 1 1/2 cups steel-cut oats; 1 1/2 cups dry white wine; 2 ounces grated Parmesan (about 1/3 cup); 1 1/2 pounds large shrimp, peeled and deveined (tails removed if desired); 3 garlic cloves, sliced; 1/4 teaspoon crushed red pepper; Juice from 1/2 lemon; 1/2 cup loosely packed parsley leaves, roughly chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: Remove the kernels from the corn cobs and set the kernels aside. Hold the cobs over a large saucepan and use the back of a knife to scrape down the cobs to "milk" them of any corn liquid. Drop the scraped cobs into the saucepan and add 8 cups of water and 1/4 teaspoon salt. Bring to a boil, lower the heat and simmer until the liquid is reduced to 6 cups, about 30 minutes. Strain and keep warm. Make the risotto: Heat 1 tablespoon oil and 1 tablespoon butter in a large saucepan over medium heat. Add the onion and cook, stirring frequently with a wooden spoon, until the onion is translucent and s <END>
INPUT: American, spiced, pear nectar, cornstarch, lemon peel
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spiced Pear and Raisin Pie | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup pear nectar; 3/4 cup (packed) raisins; 1/2 cup (packed) golden brown sugar; 3 1/2 tablespoons cornstarch; 1 1/2 teaspoons grated lemon peel; 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1/2 teaspoon ground nutmeg; 1/2 teaspoon ground ginger; 3 1/4 pounds ripe pears, peeled, quartered, cored, cut crosswise into 1/4-inch-thick slices; 2 Easy Pastry Dough disks; 1 egg, beaten to blend (for glaze) | INSTRUCTIONS: Position rack in lowest third of oven; preheat to 400°F. Boil nectar in heavy medium saucepan until reduced to 1/3 cup, stirring occasionally, about 8 minutes. Pour into large bowl; mix in raisins. Cool completely. Mix in sugar and next 5 ingredients, then pears. Roll out 1 dough disk on floured surface to 13-inch round. Transfer to 9-inch-diameter glass pie dish. Brush inside and top edge of crust with some of glaze. Spoon filling into crust. Roll out second dough disk on floured surface to 13-inch round. Arrange dough over filling. Seal top crust to bottom crust at edge of dish. Trim double  <END>
INPUT: Italian, tartlets, puff pastry, tomatoes, mozzarella cheese, Fleur de sel
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tomato and Tapenade Tartlets | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 17.3-ounce package frozen puff pastry (2 sheets), thawed; 1/2 cup (about) green- or black-olive tapenade*; 5 to 6 ripe medium tomatoes, preferably assorted colors, cut into 1/4-inch slices; 12 ounces fresh mozzarella cheese, thinly sliced; Fleur de sel or coarse kosher salt; Extra-virgin olive oil; Balsamic vinegar; 18 small fresh basil leaves; 6 green or black olives, pitted, sliced; A thick paste or spread made from brine-cured olives, capers, anchovies, and various seasonings; available at some supermarkets and at specialty foods | INSTRUCTIONS: Position racks in top third and bottom third of oven. Preheat oven to 400°F. Line 2 baking sheets with parchment paper. Working with 1 pastry sheet at a time, roll out on floured surface to 13-inch square. Using 6-inch-diameter plate, cut out 4 rounds from 1 sheet and 2 rounds from second sheet (reserve remaining pastry for another use). Transfer 3 rounds to each baking sheet. Pierce each round with fork. Top rounds with another sheet of parchment. Place another baking sheet atop parchment on each sheet. Place 1 baking sheet stack on each rack in oven and bake 10 minutes. Rotate baking sheets  <END>
INPUT: cheesecake, cannolis, semisweet chocolate chips, cannoli shells, unsalted butter, cream cheese, pumpkin puree
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pumpkin Cheesecake and Chocolate Cannolis | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: One 12-ounce bag semisweet chocolate chips, for dipping; 6 to 8 large store-bought cannoli shells; 1 stick unsalted butter, at room temperature; 1 pound cream cheese, at room temperature; 1 cup canned pumpkin puree; 1 cup confectioners' sugar; 1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1/4 teaspoon ground nutmeg; 2 teaspoons lemon juice | INSTRUCTIONS: Place the chocolate chips in a large metal bowl set over a pot of boiling water (a double-boiler). Allow the chocolate to melt, with minimal stirring, 5 to 7 minutes. Take each cannoli shell and dip each end of the shell in the chocolate. Allow the excess chocolate to drip off and lay the shells out on a sheet tray lined with parchment paper or a wire rack so they don't stick. Beat the butter in the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with a whisk attachment until it is light and pale yellow in color. Add the cream cheese and beat until well combined. Add the pumpkin puree, confectioners' sugar,  <END>
INPUT: Italian, almonds, goat cheese, apricots, Coarse salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Almond-Apricot Chicken with Mint Pesto | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 4 boneless, skinless chicken breast halves (6 ounces each); 1/2 cup sliced almonds; 2 ounces goat cheese; 4 dried apricots, cut into 1/4-inch pieces (3 tablespoons); Coarse salt and fresh ground pepper; 1/3 cup plain breadcrumbs; 1 large egg, lightly beaten; 1 tablespoon olive oil; Mint Pesto (recipe below); 3 cups lightly packed fresh mint; 1/4 cup sliced almonds; 1/2 cup extra-virgin olive oil; Coarse salt | INSTRUCTIONS: To Prepare The Chicken 1. Preheat the oven to 375°F. Cut a slit in one side of each chicken breast to create a pocket about 4 inches long. 2. In a small bowl, combine 1/4 cup of the almonds with the goat cheese and apricots. Stuff each breast with one quarter of the mixture. Season with 1/2 teaspoon salt and 1/4 teaspoon pepper. 3. On a plate, combine the breadcrumbs and the remaining 1/4 cup almonds. Dip each breast into the beaten egg, then dredge in the breadcrumb mixture. 4. Heat the oil in a large ovenproof nonstick skillet over medium heat. Cook the chicken until golden, 3 to 4 minutes o <END>
INPUT: Italian, juice, oven, Roma tomatoes, sugar, salt, garlic, virgin olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Gemelli Pasta with Fennel Juice, Broccoli and Oven-Dried Tomatoes | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 7 medium Roma tomatoes; 1 1/2 teaspoons sugar; 1 tablespoon salt; 1 1/2 cups peeled garlic cloves; 1/2 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 5 heads fennel; 1 pound dry gemelli pasta; 8 garlic cloves, peeled and slivered; 2 cups broccoli rabe, blanched and coarsely chopped; 2 tablespoons dry or 4 tablespoons fresh oregano, chopped; 1/4 teaspoon crushed red pepper; Shaved Parmesan cheese | INSTRUCTIONS: Pre-heat oven to 200 degrees F. Slice tops of Romas off and then cut in half lengthwise. Mix in a bowl with sugar and salt. Place on a sheet pan cut-side up and bake for 2 1/2 hours. Turn oven off and leave tomatoes inside overnight. The next day turn the oven on to 200 degrees F. and slow roast the tomatoes for 5 to 7 more hours, depending on size. The tomatoes should be shriveled, but not at all crispy. Remove from oven, let cool, and then cut into julienne strips. Pre-heat oven to 300 degrees F. Place whole garlic cloves and 1/4 cup olive oil in an aluminum foil packet and bake for 2 1/2 ho <END>
INPUT: American, skewers, onion, ouzo, herb garlic marinade, garlic, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Steak Skewers with Marinade | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 medium onion, finely chopped; 1/4 cup ouzo; 1/2 cup herb and garlic marinade dressing; 1 1/2 teaspoons dried garlic; 2 tablespoons brown sugar; 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 1/3 cup chopped fresh mint; Pinch cayenne pepper, plus pinch more for garnish; 1-pound top sirloin steak, cut into 1-inch cubes; Salt and pepper; Thinly sliced green onions, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat a grill, grill pan, or broiler. Combine all ingredients except steak in a large bowl. Season steak with salt and pepper and then add to marinade. Marinate for 40 minutes. Thread steak onto skewers* and then grill or broil, turning occasionally, until cooked to desired degree of doneness. Transfer to a serving plate and sprinkle with green onions and cayenne pepper, if desired. *Cook's Note: If using wooden skewers, soak them in water for at least 10 minutes before threading meat. <END>
INPUT: unsalted butter, light sugar, heavy cream, vanilla extract
OUTPUT: TITLE: Butterscotch Love Cake | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1/2 cup light brown sugar; 1/2 cup heavy cream; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; Nonstick cooking spray; 1 box yellow cake mix; 3 1/2 cups ricotta cheese; 1/2 cup mascarpone; 3 large eggs; 3/4 cup sugar; 1/8 teaspoon kosher salt; 1 1/4 cups mascarpone (10 ounces); One 3.9-ounce package butterscotch pudding mix; 1 tablespoon sugar; 1 cup whole milk | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven according to cake mix package instructions. Coat a 9-by-13-inch baking dish with cooking spray. For the butterscotch sauce: Melt the butter in a medium skillet over medium heat. Add the brown sugar and stir to coat. Cook, stirring, until the butter gets frothy, 2 minutes. Add the cream and cook, whisking, until slightly thickened, 5 minutes. Cool to room temperature and then stir in the vanilla For the batter: Prepare the batter according to cake mix box instructions and pour into the prepared baking dish. Drizzle in the cooled butterscotch sauce and mix to swirl. Set aside. F <END>
INPUT: Asian, broth, truffled, live lobsters, canola oil, tomato paste, fennel bulb, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lobster in Lemongrass Broth with Truffled Shiitake Flans | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 4 live lobsters, 1 1/2 pounds each; 1 tablespoon canola oil; 1 tablespoon tomato paste; 1 fennel bulb, cut into 1/4-inch slices; 1 medium red onion, cut into 1/4-inch slices; 1 carrot, cut on the diagonal into 1/4-inch slices; 1 celery stalk, chopped; 6 lemongrass stalks, white parts only, pounded to flatten and sliced 1/4 inch thick; 2 1/4-inch-thick slices fresh ginger; 1 cup Chardonnay or other dry, full-bodied white wine; 1 bay leaf; 1/2 teaspoon green peppercorns; 1 tablespoon canola oil; 1 tablespoon finely chopped shallots; 1 1/2 cups shiitake mushroom caps sliced 1/4 inch thick | INSTRUCTIONS: Fill the sink with cold water and add ice cubes. Bring a medium pot of salted water to a boil. Meanwhile, numb the lobsters by placing them in the freezer for 30 minutes. Transfer them to a heavy cutting board, insert the tip of a large, heavy knife at the base of the heads, and cut completely through. Remove the claws, knuckles (the sections beneath the claws), and tails. Set the bodies aside for the broth. Cut the tails in half lengthwise up to the flat feathery appendages at the base of the tails (these remain intact) and reserve. Transfer the claws to a large heatproof bowl, pour the boili <END>
INPUT: soup, olive oil, unsalted butter, fennel bulb, onion, mixed dark leafy
OUTPUT: TITLE: Creamy Fennel and Greens Soup | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon olive oil; 1 tablespoon unsalted butter; 1 fennel bulb, trimmed and chopped; 1 small onion, chopped; 1 pound mixed dark leafy greens such as collard and beet, coarse stems and center ribs discarded and leaves chopped; 6 cups water; 3 cups baby spinach (2 ounces); 1/2 cup heavy cream; 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice; Garnish: fennel fronds or chopped dill | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat oil and butter in a 6-quart heavy pot over medium heat until foam subsides. Add fennel, onion, 3/4 teaspoon salt, and 1/8 teaspoon pepper and cook, stirring occasionally, until softened and lightly browned, 7 to 8 minutes. Add leafy greens (but not spinach) and water to pot and simmer, covered, until greens are tender, about 30 minutes. Stir in spinach and cook, uncovered, just until wilted, about 1 minute. Purée soup in batches in a blender (use caution when blending hot liquids) until smooth, then return to pot. Stir in cream and lemon juice and reheat over low heat. Season with salt. H <END>
INPUT: fritto, misto, egg yolk, garlic, lemon juice, olive oil, Kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Squid, Lemon, and Zucchini Blossom Fritto Misto | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 large egg yolk; 1 garlic clove, finely grated; 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 1/2 cup olive oil; Kosher salt; 2 large egg whites, room temperature; 2 1/2 cups all-purpose flour; 2 1/2 cups club soda; Vegetable oil (for frying; 6–8 cups); 1 pound baby squid, cleaned, bodies and tentacles separated, patted dry; 1 lemon, sliced into very thin rounds, seeds removed, patted dry; 8 zucchini blossoms, stamen removed (stems left intact); Lemon wedges, for serving; A deep-fry thermometer | INSTRUCTIONS: Make the aioli: Pulse yolk, garlic, and lemon juice in a food processor to combine. With the motor running, drizzle in oil, drop by drop at first, then increasing to a slow, steady stream; process until aioli is thick and light. Season with salt. Pulse yolk, garlic, and lemon juice in a food processor to combine. With the motor running, drizzle in oil, drop by drop at first, then increasing to a slow, steady stream; process until aioli is thick and light. Season with salt. Make the fritto misto: Whisk egg whites and a pinch of salt in a medium bowl until soft peaks form. Whisk flour in a large <END>
INPUT: Indian, scones, glaze, light sugar, baking powder, pumpkin pie spice, cardamom, coriander
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pumpkin Scones with Maple-Cinnamon Glaze | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup packed light brown sugar; 2 teaspoons baking powder; 2 teaspoons pumpkin pie spice; 1/4 teaspoon ground cardamom; 1/4 teaspoon ground coriander; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 2 to 2 1/2 cups whole wheat pastry flour, plus more for dusting; 6 tablespoons cold unsalted butter, cut into 1/2-inch cubes; 1/2 cup roasted pumpkin, recipe follows, or canned pumpkin puree; 1 large egg; 1/2 cup milk; 1 cup confectioners' sugar; 3 tablespoons pure maple syrup; Pinch cinnamon; Pearled or turbinado sugar, for sprinkling | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. For the scones: In a medium bowl, combine the sugar, baking powder, pumpkin pie spice, cardamom, coriander and salt. If using roasted pumpkin, add 2 1/4 cups of the flour; if using canned pumpkin puree, add 2 cups of the flour. Cut in the butter using a bowl scraper until the mixture resembles a coarse meal. In a separate bowl, combine the pumpkin, egg, and milk. Make a well in the dry ingredients and pour in the wet mixture. Fold until just combined. (If using roasted pumpkin you may need to add up to 1/4 cup more flour to prevent sticking.) Turn the dough out o <END>
INPUT: Italian, sandwich, Kaiser rolls, basil puree olive, turkey breast, smoked mozzarella cheese, butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Turkey and Smoked Mozzarella Sandwich | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 2 Kaiser rolls, onion or poppy seed, sliced in half horizontally; 1/4 cup basil puree or black olive tapenade; 6 ounces thinly sliced turkey breast; 2 ounces grated smoked mozzarella cheese; Softened butter | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat a griddle or cast iron skillet. Spread each side of split roll with pesto or tapenade. Layer some turkey and cheese on one half of roll and top with other half. Add a couple of teaspoonfuls of butter to skillet and add roll. Top with aluminum foil, put heavy weight on top and cook the sandwich, weighted down, slowly for 4 to 5 minutes. Turn sandwich over, add a couple more teaspoonfuls of butter to skillet and cook weighted down until cheese has melted--another minute or so. Serve hot and eat with knife and fork. Serve with Fennel and Roasted Pepper Salad below. <END>
INPUT: American, panini, boiling water, sun tomatoes, MorningStar Farms Spicy, reduced fat mayonnaise, cocktail sauce
OUTPUT: TITLE: Black Bean Burger Panini | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup boiling water; 8 pieces sun-dried tomatoes (not oil-packed); 4 MorningStar Farms Spicy Black Bean Veggie Burgers; 1/4 cup reduced-fat mayonnaise; 1/4 cup cocktail sauce; 4 teaspoon prepared horseradish; 8 (1/2-inch-thick) slices firm-textured, whole wheat or sourdough bread (about 1 1/2 oz.); Nonstick cooking spray; 1/4 cup banana pepper rings, drained; 1/4 cup chopped red onion | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat electric sandwich press or contact grill. In small bowl pour water over tomatoes. Let stand for 5 minutes. Drain well. Finely chop. Set aside. Meanwhile, cook MorningStar Farms Spicy Black Bean burger according to package directions. In another small bowl stir together tomatoes, mayonnaise, cocktail sauce and horseradish. Lay out the bread slices onto a clean work surface. Spray one side of each slice with nonstick cooking spray. Flip 4 of the slices over and spread with the mayonnaise mixture. Place the burgers on top of the mayonnaise mixture then top each with 1 tablespoon of the pe <END>
INPUT: chicken, portobello mushrooms, milk, eggs, Salt pepper, flour
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken Fried Portobello Mushroom with Mashed Potatoes and Gravy | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 portobello mushrooms; 1/4 cup milk; 4 eggs, beaten; Salt and pepper; 1 cup flour; 1 cup coarsely ground bread crumbs; 1 tablespoon thyme; 1/2 pound melted butter; Mashed Potatoes, recipe follows; Cream Gravy, recipe follows; 5 baking potatoes like russets, unpeeled; 1/4 pound butter; 1/4 cup heavy cream; Salt and pepper; 2 tablespoons butter | INSTRUCTIONS: Stem and brush off surface debris from mushrooms. Whisk milk and eggs until incorporated. Add salt and pepper. Mix flour, bread crumbs, thyme, and additional salt and pepper. Heat butter in skillet. Dredge mushroom in egg wash, then in crumb mixture. Fry mushroom until golden brown on both sides. Serve with Mashed Potatoes and Gravy. Boil potatoes until fork tender. Drain well. Add remaining ingredients and mash well. Make the roux by melting butter in a saucepan. Add flour and stir until incorporated. Add heavy cream and stir well until simmering. Remove from heat and season with salt and pep <END>
INPUT: empanadas, All purpose flour, puff pastry, egg, cajeta, Monterey jack cheese
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cajeta Pineapple Empanadas | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: All-purpose flour, for dusting; 2 sheets frozen puff pastry (one 17-ounce package), thawed; 1 large egg; 1 heaping tablespoon cajeta (Mexican caramel sauce) or dulce de leche, at room temperature; 1/4 cup finely grated Monterey jack cheese; 1/4 cup diced pineapple; 1 tablespoon demerara sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper. Working with 1 sheet of puff pastry at a time, unfold on a lightly floured surface and cut out four 4-inch circles. Beat the egg with 1 tablespoon water in a small bowl. Place 1/2 teaspoon cajeta in the center of each circle. Top each with some grated cheese and a few pieces of pineapple. Brush the edge of each circle with the egg wash and fold in half to form a half-moon. Crimp the edges with fork. Transfer the empanadas to the prepared baking sheet, brush with the remaining egg wash and sprinkle with the demerara su <END>
INPUT: American, lemons, artichokes, virgin olive oil, bacon, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Ranch-Stuffed Artichokes | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 3 lemons; 1 zested, 3 juiced (squeezed lemons reserved); 4 large artichokes; 5 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, plus more for drizzling; 2 ounces bacon, finely chopped; 3 cloves garlic, finely chopped; 2 cups fresh breadcrumbs; 1/2 cup chopped fresh parsley; 1 hard-cooked egg, peeled and chopped; 1/3 cup grated parmesan cheese; 1 1-ounce packet ranch dressing mix; Freshly ground pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Put one-third of the lemon juice and all of the squeezed lemons in a bowl of cold water. One at a time, cut off the top third of each artichoke with a serrated knife, then cut off and reserve the stem. Snap off the tough bottom leaves and trim the leaf tips with shears. Spread the center leaves open and scrape out the choke with a spoon. As you trim each artichoke, place it in the lemon water. Peel and dice the stems. Heat an ovenproof pot over medium heat. Add 3 tablespoons olive oil and the bacon and cook until crisp, about 4 minutes. Add the garlic and coo <END>
INPUT: soup, butternut squash, milk, heavy cream, apple juice, cinnamon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Butternut Squash Soup with Pickled Cranberry and Vanilla Oil | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 large butternut squash; 3 cups milk; 2 cups heavy cream; 1 cup apple juice; 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1/2 teaspoon ground allspice; 1/2 teaspoon ground cloves; 1/2 teaspoon ground nutmeg; Kosher salt; 6 vanilla beans; 1 cup grapeseed oil; 1 cup dried cranberries; 1/2 cup cranberry juice; 1/2 cup white balsamic vinegar | INSTRUCTIONS: For the butternut squash soup: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Cut the squash in half and take out the seeds. Place on a sheet pan skin-side up and roast until soft, 40 to 50 minutes. Let cool. Combine the milk, cream, juice, cinnamon, allspice, cloves, nutmeg and some salt in a large pot over high heat and bring to a simmer. Remove from the heat. Scoop the pulp out of the squash and add it to the liquid. Stir well, bring back to a simmer and then turn off. In small batches, add the soup to a blender and puree until smooth, or use an immersion blender and blend fully. For the vanilla oil: S <END>
INPUT: American, Dijon mustard, apple cider vinegar, kosher salt, pepper, virgin olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Smoked Turkey Salad with Goat Cheese and Walnuts | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard; 1 tablespoon apple cider vinegar; 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt, plus additional for seasoning; Freshly ground black pepper; 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 5 cups mesclun salad greens (about 2 1/2 ounces); 1/4 fennel bulb, thinly sliced; 6 ounces sliced smoked turkey breast, cut in thin strips; 2 ounces goat cheese, crumbled (about 1/4 cup); 1/4 cup walnuts halves, toasted | INSTRUCTIONS: Whisk the mustard, vinegar, 1/2 teaspoon salt, and pepper to taste in a small bowl. Gradually whisk in the oil, starting with a few drops and then adding the rest in a steady stream, to make a smooth, slightly thick dressing. Toss the salad greens with the fennel in a large bowl. Add the smoked turkey along with the goat cheese, and walnuts to the salad. Season with salt and pepper and toss with the dressing. Divide the salad among 2 plates and serve. <END>
INPUT: Italian, caesar, salad, pasteurized egg yolk, dijon mustard, garlic, Kosher salt pepper, lemon juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Caesar Salad With Bacon, Brussels Sprouts and Basil | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 pasteurized large egg yolk; 1 1/2 teaspoons dijon mustard; 1 small clove garlic, grated; Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper; 1/2 cup fresh lemon juice; 1 1/2 teaspoons caper brine (from a jar of capers); 1/3 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 1/2 cup canola oil; 2 anchovy fillets, finely chopped, plus 1/2 teaspoon oil from the jar; 1/2 pound sliced bacon, cut into small pieces; Canola oil, for frying; 1 tablespoon capers; 2 cups Brussels sprout leaves, picked layer by layer (from about 5 whole sprouts); Kosher salt; 2 heads romaine lettuce, outer leaves removed, cut into 1-inch pieces | INSTRUCTIONS: Make the dressing: In the bowl of a food processor, combine the egg yolk, mustard, garlic and 1/2 teaspoon each salt and pepper. Pulse to blend. With the machine running, pour the lemon juice and caper brine into the mix. Slowly pour in the olive oil, then the canola oil, blending until smooth. Transfer the dressing to a bowl and taste for seasoning. Stir in the anchovies and anchovy oil. Cover and refrigerate until ready to use, or up to 1 day. Prepare the salad: Cook the bacon in a small skillet over low heat, stirring, until crispy, 12 to 15 minutes. Drain on paper towels. Heat 1 inch canol <END>
INPUT: Mexican, salad, carrots, lime juice, lime zest, cilantro, vegetable oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Carrot Salad with Lime and Cilantro | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 4 medium carrots; 1 tablespoon fresh lime juice; 1/8 teaspoon finely grated fresh lime zest; 2 tablespoons finely chopped cilantro; 1 teaspoon vegetable oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Finely shred carrots and in a bowl toss together the remaining ingredients and salt and pepper to taste. Serve garnished with more cilantro. <END>
INPUT: American, all purpose flour, salt, baking soda, baking powder
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate Chip Pie | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 3/4 cups all-purpose flour; 1 1/2 teaspoons salt; 1 1/4 teaspoons baking soda; 1 teaspoon baking powder; 1 cup (2 sticks) unsalted butter, softened; 1 1/2 cups packed light brown sugar; 1/2 cup granulated sugar; 3 large eggs; 1 tablespoon vanilla; 3 cups semisweet chocolate chips; 2 cups chopped walnuts (optional); 2 pints (4 cups) heavy cream; 1/4 cup confectioners' (powdered) sugar; 1/2 cup miniature semisweet chocolate chips | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. Preheat oven to 350°F. Grease two 9-inch pie plates; set aside. 2. In a large bowl, sift together the flour, salt, baking soda, and baking powder. In the bowl of an electric mixer, cream together butter, brown sugar, and granulated sugar. Add the eggs, one at a time, beating until incorporated. Beat in the vanilla. Add flour mixture, a little at a time, and mix until fully combined. Fold in the 3 cups chocolate chips and, if desired, the walnuts. Divide the dough between the prepared pie plates and smooth the tops with a spatula. 3. Bake about 30 minutes or until pies are golden and slightl <END>
INPUT: salad, onions, sugar, strap porter rasberry, Salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spinach Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 green onions; 5 slices, thick cut bacon, minced; 1/4 cup brown sugar; 1 cup black strap porter or rasberry ale, recipes follows; Salt; Freshly ground black pepper; 1/3 cup balsamic vinegar; 5 to 6 cups baby spinach leaves, well washed and thoroughly dried; 1/4 cup chunked and seeded cucumber; 1/4 cup diced red bell pepper; 1/4 cup crumbled Gorgonzola; 8 pounds American II Row pale malt; 1/4 pound120 L crystal malt; 1/4 pound 60L crystal malt; 1/2 pound Chocolate malt | INSTRUCTIONS: Slice onions into thin circles, using all of the white and 1/2 of the green. Saute onions and bacon until the bacon is crispy and the onions are translucent, about 5 minutes. Add brown sugar and stir. When that is well blended into a lumpy sticky mess, add the beer. Let this reduce for about 5 minutes, or until it becomes thick and syrupy. Add a pinch of salt and several turns of fresh cracked pepper. Add balsamic vinegar and combine well. Combine the spinach, cucumber, bell pepper, and Gorgonzola in a bowl. Pour hot dressing over the salad, toss, and serve immediately. Measure out all grains  <END>
INPUT: French, wild, fondue, water, porcini mushrooms, shiitake mushrooms, shallot
OUTPUT: TITLE: Brie and Wild Mushroom Fondue | CUISINE: French | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup water; 1 ounce dried porcini mushrooms*; 2 tablespoons (1/4 stick) butter; 8 ounces fresh shiitake mushrooms, stemmed, finely chopped; 2 tablespoons chopped shallot; 1 pound ripe Brie cheese, well chilled, rind trimmed, cheese cut into 1/2-inch pieces (about 2 cups); 2 tablespoons cornstarch; 1 cup dry white wine; Bite-size pieces of cooked chicken, steamed quartered small red-skinned potatoes, steamed asparagus or green beans, and bite-size pieces of French bre; *Dried porcini mushrooms are available at Italian markets, specialty foods stores and many supermarkets | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring 1 cup water to boil in small saucepan. Add porcini mushrooms. Remove from heat and let stand until mushrooms soften, about 20 minutes. Using slotted spoon, transfer porcini to work surface. Coarsely chop porcini. Reserve porcini and soaking liquid. Melt butter in heavy large saucepan over medium heat. Add shiitake mushrooms and sauté until tender, about 3 minutes. Add shallot; sauté 1 minute. Add porcini and soaking liquid, leaving any sediment from liquid behind. Increase heat to high. Simmer until liquid evaporates, about 3 minutes. (Can be made 8 hours ahead. Cover and chill.) Toss Br <END>
INPUT: Italian, three, cheeses, olive oil, garlic, penne pasta, broccoli florets, purchased marinara sauce
OUTPUT: TITLE: Baked Penne with Broccoli and Three Cheeses | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 2 teaspoons olive oil; 3 garlic cloves, minced; 2 cups penne pasta; 3 cups 1-inch broccoli florets; 2 cups purchased marinara sauce; 1 cup (packed) coarsely grated low-fat mozzarella cheese; 1/2 cup low-fat ricotta cheese; 1/2 cup chopped fresh basil; 2 tablespoons grated Parmesan cheese | INSTRUCTIONS: Stir oil and garlic in small skillet over medium heat 1 minute; set aside. Cook penne in large pot of boiling salted water until almost tender, about 11 minutes. Add broccoli; cook 1 minute. Drain. Mix marinara, 1/2 cup mozzarella, ricotta, basil, 1 tablespoon Parmesan, and sautéed garlic in large bowl. Add pasta and broccoli; toss. Season with salt and pepper. Transfer to 11x7x2-inch glass baking dish. Sprinkle remaining mozzarella and Parmesan over. Preheat oven to 400°F. Bake pasta uncovered until cheese melts, about 20 minutes. Let stand 5 minutes. Stir oil and garlic in small skillet over <END>
INPUT: Mexican, chili, verde, coriander, paprika, cumin, Kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pork and Lager Chili Verde | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 4 pounds boneless, skinless pork shoulder; 1 tablespoon ground coriander; 2 teaspoons paprika; 1 teaspoon ground cumin; Kosher salt; 4 tablespoons vegetable oil; 2 cups 1/4-inch diced red onion (from about 1 large onion); 1/4 cup minced garlic; 4 dried chiles de arbol; Four 12-ounce bottles Mexican lager; 1 pound tomatillos; 4 Anaheim peppers; 4 poblano peppers; 1 cup lightly packed fresh cilantro (stems and leaves), plus more leaves, for serving; 1/4 cup lime juice | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Cut the pork into 1-inch cubes and place in a large bowl. Combine the coriander, paprika, cumin and 2 tablespoons salt in a small bowl. Coat the pork with the dry rub. Heat 2 tablespoons of the oil in a large Dutch oven. Working in batches, add the pork and cook until browned on all sides, 8 to 10 minutes. Transfer to a large bowl. Saute the onion and garlic in the oil until softened, 6 to 8 minutes, being careful not to burn the garlic. Add the pork back to the pot. Stir in the dried chiles de arbol and cover with the Mexican lager. Bring to a boil and reduc <END>
INPUT: brined, buttermilk, hot sauce, kosher salt, basil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Buttermilk-Brined Turkey Breast | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 (2 1/2 to 3-pound) turkey breast, bone-in; 3 cups buttermilk; 1/2 cup hot sauce (recommended: Crystal); 2 tablespoons kosher salt; 1 tablespoon dried basil; 1 tablespoon granulated garlic; 1 tablespoon fresh cracked black pepper; 1 teaspoon cayenne pepper; 1 teaspoon ground white pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine all the ingredients together in a large re-sealable plastic bag. Place in a bowl, to catch any leaks, and refrigerate for 12 to 24 hours. Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Remove the turkey breast from the brine, drain well and pat dry with paper towels. Place the turkey breast, skin-side up, on a baking sheet fitted with a wire rack. Place in the oven and cook for 1 hour 15 minutes. Turn the oven up to 400 degrees F and cook for an additional 10 to 15 minutes, or until the internal temperature is 160 degrees F and the skin is nicely browned. Remove from the oven, cover with aluminum  <END>
INPUT: citrus, jell, grapefruit, tangerines, temple other juice, honey
OUTPUT: TITLE: Citrus "Jell-O" with Honey and Mint | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 grapefruit; 2 medium (or 1 large) navel oranges; 2 tangerines; 2 temple or other juice oranges; 1 tablespoon honey, or to taste; 1 tablespoon minced fresh mint, plus a few mint leaves for garnish; 1 envelope unflavored gelatin | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. Over a bowl, cut the grapefruit in half and section as you would to serve it at the table, being sure to catch all the juice; you want small pieces with little or no membrane or pith. Peel the navel oranges and tangerines, then, over the same bowl, trim off most of the white pith that clings to their surface. Separate into sections and cut into small pieces if necessary, again being sure to catch all the juice. Strain the fruit. To the reserved juice, add the squeezed juice of the juice oranges. 2. Toss the fruits with the honey and mint and put them in 4 small bowls. Put the juice in a sma <END>
INPUT: Mexican, salad, onions, pickling cucumbers Kirbies, Inner leaves from, cilantro
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sausage Salad | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 (12-ounce) package sweet Chinese sausage; 2 medium red onions, wide around the middle; 5 pickling cucumbers or Kirbies, with skins; Inner leaves from 1 bunch celery, washed and roughly chopped (about 1/2 cup); 1 bunch cilantro, leaves only; 4 to 6 serrano chiles, stems removed and thinly sliced, diagonally; 1 tablespoon chopped kaffir lime leaves, or 1 teaspoon grated lime zest; 2 teaspoons pureed garlic; 1/4 cup palm sugar or dark brown sugar; 1/2 cup fresh lime juice; 1/2 cup fish sauce | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat broiler. Place sausages in one layer on a large baking sheet and broil until charred on all sides, about 5 minutes per side. Set aside to cool. To make onion cups, slice off root ends and tops, then peel. Cut each in half horizontally, and separate layers by pressing with your thumbs against root end to release rings. Reserve 12 largest as serving cups. Slice remaining onion into thin strips for use in salad. Slice cucumbers in half lengthwise. Then slice cucumbers and charred sausages, diagonally. Combine sausage, cucumbers, onion strips, celery leaves, and cilantro in a medium bowl.  <END>
INPUT: Indian, chutney, scallions, mint, cilantro, plain yogurt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fresh Green Chutney | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 1 (1-inch) piece peeled fresh ginger; 3 scallions (white and green parts), cut into large pieces; 1 cup fresh mint (leaves and some stems); 1 cup fresh cilantro (leaves and some stems); 1/4 cup plain yogurt; 1 jalapeno, stemmed (ribs and seeds removed if you don't want dip too hot); 1 tablespoon freshly squeezed lime juice; 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt; 1 to 2 tablespoons water, optional | INSTRUCTIONS: With the machine running, drop ginger into the bowl of a food processor and process until coarsely chopped. Scrape down the sides of the bowl, then add scallions, mint, cilantro, yogurt, jalapeno, lime juice, and salt. Process to a textured paste similar in consistency to pesto, adding water to adjust the consistency, if desired. Cook's Note: This chutney's also great with grilled lamb and chicken, and super as a spread for sandwiches, rice crackers, or crispy Indian pappadam. Copyright © 2004 Television Food Network, G.P., All Rights Reserved <END>
INPUT: salad, piece smoked tuna, lemon zested juiced, Salt pepper, kirby cucumbers, plain yogurt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Smoked Tuna with Yogurt Cucumber Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 12-ounce piece of smoked tuna; 1 lemon zested and juiced; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 4 kirby cucumbers, peeled; 1/2 cup plain yogurt; 2 tablespoons fresh dill; Salt and freshly ground pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Cut the tuna into thin strips or small cubes and dress very lightly with fresh lemon zest and juice; season to taste with salt and pepper. With a small spoon remove the seeds and cut the cucumber into "half moon" pieces. Make a dressing of yogurt and dill; season to taste with salt and pepper and toss with cucumber "half moons". Make a little pile of lemon dressed smoked tuna in the center of each dinner plate and surround it with the yogurt dressed cucumbers. <END>
INPUT: terrine, semisweet chocolate, coffee, sugar, eggs
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate Terrine | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 8 ounces semisweet chocolate, chopped; 3/4 cup (6 ounces or 1 1/2 sticks) butter; 1/2 cup coffee; 3/4 cup sugar; 4 eggs, beaten | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. In a medium-sized bowl, fitted into a saucepan, covering but not touching barely simmering water, melt chocolate and butter. Add the coffee and sugar and continue to whisk to dissolve the sugar. Continue cooking until very hot approximately 120 degrees F. Remove from the heat and whisk in the eggs. Pour into foil-lined loaf pan and bake in a water bath for 40 minutes. Let cool, then chill overnight. Turn out the next day and serve in slices. <END>
INPUT: burgers, roasted peppers from, low fat mayonnaise, garlic, cayenne pepper, vegetable oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Portobello Burgers with Red Pepper Mayonnaise | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup chopped drained roasted red peppers from jar; 1/4 cup low-fat mayonnaise; 1 garlic clove, chopped; 1/8 teaspoon cayenne pepper; Nonstick vegetable oil spray; 4 large portobello mushrooms, stems removed; 4 1/2-inch-thick red onion slices; 4 1/2-inch-thick crusty country bread slices (each about 5x3 inches); 2 tablespoons rice vinegar; 4 cups baby spinach leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: Blend first 4 ingredients in processor until smooth. Season with salt and pepper. Spray grill with oil spray; prepare barbecue (medium heat). Spray mushrooms and onion slices with oil spray; sprinkle with salt and pepper. Grill mushrooms, onion and bread until vegetables are tender and bread is golden, turning often, about 12 minutes for vegetables and 5 minutes for bread. Transfer 2 tablespoons red pepper mayonnaise to large bowl. Whisk in vinegar, add spinach and toss. Divide among 4 plates. Place 1 bread slice atop spinach on each. Top each with 1 mushroom, then 1 onion slice. Spoon 2 table <END>
INPUT: herbs, corn, unsalted butter, assorted cherry grape, Kosher salt pepper, chives
OUTPUT: TITLE: Corn with Tomatoes and Herbs | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 ears of corn, husked; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 2 cups assorted cherry or grape tomatoes, halved; Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh chives; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh basil | INSTRUCTIONS: Cut the corn kernels off the cobs and transfer to a medium bowl. Using the back of the knife, scrape the cobs to release the corn milk into the bowl. Melt 1 tablespoon butter in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Add the tomatoes and cook until softened, about 3 minutes. Stir in the corn and corn milk, 1 tablespoon water, 3/4 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of pepper and cook until the kernels are tender,3 to 5 minutes. Remove from the heat and add the chives, basil and the remaining 1 tablespoon butter; toss to combine. <END>
INPUT: Juice, curry powder, vinegar, olive oil, cornish game hens
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pineapple Glazed Game Hens | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Juice, from 1 can pineapple slices; 1/4 teaspoon curry powder; 1 teaspoon vinegar (any type); 2 tablespoons olive oil; 2 cornish game hens, about 1 1/2 pounds each; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/4 teaspoon black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: For the glaze, cook pineapple juice over medium heat until it has reduced to 2 tablespoons. Stir in 2 tablespoons olive oil and curry powder and cook for 1 minute more. Take off heat and stir in vinegar. Preheat the broiler. Cut the hens in half, using either a cleaver or poultry shears, cutting around and discarding the backbones. Use the palm of your hand to flatten the halves slightly. Brush hens with 2 tablespoons of olive oil and season with salt and pepper. Place the hen halves, skin side down, on a broiler pan and broil for about 5 inches from the heat source for 10 minutes. Brush the h <END>
INPUT: American, butterhead, dressing, bacon, sour cream, milk additional if, cider vinegar, scallion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Beefsteak Tomato, Butterhead Lettuce, and Bacon with Blue Cheese Dressing | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 6 bacon slices, chopped; 1/2 cup sour cream; 3 tablespoons whole milk plus additional if necessary; 2 tablespoons cider vinegar; 1 scallion, chopped; 1 cup crumbled blue cheese (1/4 pound), divided; 1 (1/2-pound) head Bibb or Boston lettuce; 1 large beefsteak tomato, cut into wedges | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook bacon in a 10-inch skillet over medium heat until crisp. Transfer to paper towels to drain, reserving fat in skillet. Whisk together 1 tablespoon hot bacon fat, sour cream, milk, vinegar, and 1/4 teaspoon each of salt and pepper until smooth. Stir in scallion and 2/3 cup blue cheese. Thin with additional milk if desired. Quarter lettuce lengthwise (through stem) into wedges, then remove core and arrange each wedge on a plate with tomato wedges. Stir dressing and spoon over top. Sprinkle with bacon, remaining 1/3 cup blue cheese, and pepper to taste. Cook bacon in a 10-inch skillet over me <END>
INPUT: truffles, heavy cream, good chocolate, Baileys liqueur, pure vanilla extract, bittersweet dark chocolate
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate Truffles | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup heavy cream; 7 ounces good white chocolate, chopped; 2 tablespoons Baileys liqueur; 1/2 teaspoon pure vanilla extract; 6 ounces bittersweet or dark chocolate, chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Place the cream in a heat-proof bowl and set the bowl over a pan of simmering water. Cook until heated through. Using a wire whisk, slowly stir the white chocolate into the warm cream until completely melted. Whisk in the Baileys and vanilla. Cover and chill for one hour or until pliable but firm enough to scoop. With two teaspoons or a 1 1/4-inch ice cream scoop, make dollops of the chocolate mixture and place on a baking sheet lined with parchment paper. Refrigerate for about 15 minutes, until firm enough to roll into rough spheres. Melt the bittersweet chocola <END>
INPUT: cakes, sassy, Cajun seasoning, dashes hot sauce, scallion, lump crabmeat
OUTPUT: TITLE: Crab Cakes with Sassy Tartar | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 (10-ounce) bottle tartar sauce; 2 teaspoons Cajun seasoning; 6 dashes hot sauce; 1 scallion finely chopped; 12 ounces lump crabmeat, drained; 1/4 cup mayonnaise; 1/2 cup herb seasoned bread crumbs; 1 tablespoon seafood seasoning (recommended: Old Bay); 1 egg; 1 teaspoon lemon juice; 10 saltine crackers; Vegetable oil, for frying | INSTRUCTIONS: Sassy Tartar Sauce: In small bowl combine all ingredients and mix well. Crab Cakes: In a medium bowl, add crabmeat, mayonnaise, bread crumbs, seafood seasoning, egg, and lemon juice. Stir to combine. Form 6 crab cakes approximately 2 1/2 inches diameter and place on baking sheet. In small plastic bag crush the saltine crackers and place into shallow dish. Lightly dredge the formed crab cakes into the crushed crackers and set aside. In a large skillet over medium heat, add enough oil to cover bottom of pan. When oil is hot, fry crab cakes in batches for about 3 minutes per side or until just go <END>
INPUT: confit, Anjou Bartlett pears, light sugar, lemon juice, ginger
OUTPUT: TITLE: Gruyere with Pear Confit | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 large firm Anjou or Bartlett pears, light green to yellow in color; 4 tablespoons (1/2 stick) unsalted butter; 1/2 cup light brown sugar, packed; 1 tablespoon freshly squeezed lemon juice; 2 slices fresh ginger, about 1/4-inch thick; 4 ounces Gruyere cheese; 8 thin slices whole-grain bread, cut in half | INSTRUCTIONS: Peel the pears and cut them in half. Scoop out the seeds with a melon baller or cut them out with a knife. Slice thin and set aside. In a medium skillet, melt the butter over medium heat. Add the sugar and cook, stirring, until slightly browned, about 3 to 5 minutes. Add the lemon juice and ginger and stir. Add the pears and reduce the heat to low. Cook uncovered, stirring occasionally, until the pear slices are tender and almost translucent and the mixture is thickened, about 30 minutes. Let cool to room temperature. To serve, shave the cheese with a vegetable peeler or a cheese slicer into t <END>
INPUT: shiitakes, shiitake mushrooms, short grain rice, piece kombu, soy sauce, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Brown Rice with Shiitakes and Scallions | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 whole dried shiitake mushrooms, stemmed and caps sliced, or 1 cup dried shiitake slices; 2 cups short-grain brown rice, rinsed; 1 piece dried kombu (seaweed), rinsed (optional); 3 tablespoons soy sauce; 1 teaspoon salt; 1/4 cup thinly sliced scallions (green part only) | INSTRUCTIONS: Soak shiitakes in 3 cups hot water until soft, as directed on package (at least 25 min­utes). Save soaking water. Strain soaking water through a fine-mesh sieve into a large saucepan; add rice, shiitakes, kombu (if desired), soy sauce and salt. Bring to a boil, stir and cover. Reduce heat to low and simmer, covered, until all liquid has evaporated and rice is tender, about 40 minutes. Turn off heat and allow to rest 10 minutes. Stir in scallions and serve immediately. Soak shiitakes in 3 cups hot water until soft, as directed on package (at least 25 min­utes). Save soaking water. Strain soakin <END>
INPUT: hushpuppies, sour cream, heavy cream, horseradish, chives, kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lobster Hushpuppies with Horseradish Cream | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup sour cream; 1/4 cup heavy cream; 1/4 cup prepared horseradish; 2 tablespoons finely sliced chives; 1 teaspoon kosher salt; Freshly ground black pepper; 1/2 cup dry California white wine; 1/4 cup crab boil seasoning or 1 crab boil seasoning pouch; 1 teaspoon whole black peppercorns; 1 teaspoon kosher salt; 1 clove garlic, smashed; 1 lemon, quartered; Four 6-ounce lobster tails; 3/4 cup buttermilk; 2 cups yellow cornmeal | INSTRUCTIONS: For the cream: In a small mixing bowl, add the sour cream, heavy cream, horseradish, chives, salt and 3 to 4 turns pepper. Whisk to combine, then cover and refrigerate. For the lobster: In a large pot, add 3 inches cold water, the white wine, crab boil seasoning, peppercorns, salt, garlic and lemons. Bring to a boil then drop in the lobster tails and poach until the shells turn bright red and the flesh is just cooked through, 7 to 8 minutes. Remove the tails from the cooking liquid and cool slightly before picking the meat from the shells. For the hushpuppies: Place half of the lobster meat an <END>
INPUT: roast, glaze, Grade maple syrup, horseradish, Dijon mustard, ancho chile powder, Kosher salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roast Turkey with Mustard Maple Glaze | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cups Grade B maple syrup; 2 heaping tablespoons prepared horseradish, drained; 2 heaping tablespoons Dijon mustard; 1 tablespoon ancho chile powder; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 3 large carrots, cut into 2-inch pieces; 3 large stalks celery, cut into 2-inch pieces; 2 large onions, quartered; One 17-pound fresh turkey, rinsed well and patted dry; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 1/4 sticks (10 tablespoons) unsalted butter, melted, plus 1/2 stick, unmelted; 12 cups homemade chicken stock; 1 stick unsalted butter; 7 tablespoons all-purpose flour; Splash white wine, optional | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. For the mustard maple glaze: Whisk together the maple syrup, horseradish, mustard and ancho in a bowl and season with salt and pepper. Cover and let sit at room temperature for at least 30 minutes to allow the flavors to meld. (Can be made up to 2 days in advance and stored, covered, in the refrigerator. Bring to room temperature before using.) For the turkey: Remove the turkey from the refrigerator 1 hour prior to roasting. Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F. Scatter the carrots, celery and onions in a large roasting pan and set a roasting rack on top. Place the  <END>
INPUT: Mexican, salad, olive oil, lime juice, Kosher salt pepper, Florida avocados, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Avocado, Watercress and Grilled Pineapple Salad | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup olive oil; 2 tablespoons lime juice; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 large Florida avocados, peeled, pitted and diced; 1 small red onion, thinly sliced; One 2-pound pineapple, peeled, cored and cut into 1-inch slices; 1 bunch watercress; 1/2 cup fresh cilantro leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: In a bowl, combine the olive oil and lime juice and season with salt and pepper. Add the avocados and red onions to the bowl and gently coat with the lime dressing. Set aside. Prepare a grill (or griddle) for medium-high heat. Grill the pineapple slices until grill marks appear, about 2 minutes each side. To assemble the salad, start with the watercress, then alternate the avocado and red onion mixture with the grilled pineapple. Drizzle the remaining dressing over the salad. Sprinkle the cilantro leaves on top. <END>
INPUT: muffins, wheat flour, baking powder, kosher salt, eggs
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate-Chip Muffins | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Cooking spray; 2 cups white whole-wheat flour; 2 teaspoons baking powder; 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt; 2 large eggs; 3/4 cup packed light brown sugar; 3/4 cup reduced-fat sour cream; 1/2 cup unsweetened smooth applesauce; 1/4 cup vegetable oil; 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract; 3/4 cup mini semisweet chocolate chips | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line one 12-muffin tin with paper liners and lightly coat with cooking spray. Whisk the flour, baking powder and salt in a medium bowl. Lightly whisk the eggs in a second medium bowl. Whisk in the brown sugar, sour cream, applesauce, oil and vanilla. Gently fold the wet ingredients into the dry with a rubber spatula. Just before the batter comes together, fold in the chocolate chips (it's okay if there are lumps in the batter). Divide the batter evenly among the muffin cups. Bake until a tester inserted in the center comes out clean, 20 to 24 minutes. Let the <END>
INPUT: mousse, soaked, good quality semisweet, eggs, granulated sugar, vanilla extract, heavy cream
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate Mousse with Wine-Soaked Cherries and Whipped Cream | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 ounces good quality semisweet chocolate, chopped, plus extra for shaving; *4 eggs; 3 tablespoons granulated sugar, divided; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; 1 cup heavy cream; 1/2 cup red wine; 1/2 cup granulated sugar; 1 lemon, zested; 3/4 pound cherries, pitted; 1/2 cup heavy whipping cream; 2 teaspoons granulated sugar; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract | INSTRUCTIONS: Melt the chocolate over a double boiler. While chocolate is melting, separate the eggs. Beat the yolks, using a whisk in a medium bowl, with 2 tablespoons of the sugar and the vanilla until they become light yellow and creamy. Temper the yolks with a few tablespoons of melted chocolate before adding the rest of the chocolate, stirring until well combined. Set aside. Beat the whites in a medium bowl with remaining tablespoon of sugar until stiff peaks form. Set aside. In a large, cold bowl, add the cream and beat until stiff peaks form. Gently fold both the egg whites and cream into the chocola <END>
INPUT: hash, new potatoes, shishito peppers, Jack cheese, scallions, kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Shishito Pepper Potato Hash with Fried Eggs | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound small red new potatoes, scrubbed (about 10); 1 pound shishito peppers, stemmed and left whole; 2/3 cup shredded Jack cheese (about 3 ounces); 1 cup sliced scallions; 3/4 teaspoon kosher salt, plus more to taste; 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, divided; 4 large eggs; Dressed salad greens, for serving; Hot sauce, for serving | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large pot fitted with a steamer basket, steam the potatoes until tender, about 20 minutes. Transfer potatoes to a large bowl until cool enough to handle. Using the palms of your hands, gently smash the potatoes. Add the shishitos, cheese, scallions, and 3/4 teaspoon salt to the bowl and, using a wooden spoon, mix gently to combine. In a large nonstick skillet over medium heat, melt 1 tablespoon butter. Add potato mixture and fry, flipping once or twice, until cheese is melted, peppers are soft, and mixture is golden brown, about 10 minutes. Remove from pan and divide among four plates. Wi <END>
INPUT: Mexican, syrup, sugar, water, lime juice, drops food coloring
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lime Syrup | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2 1/2 cups sugar; 1 cup water; 6 tablespoons fresh lime juice, strained through a fine-mesh sieve; 4 drops green food coloring (if making cherry lime rickeys) | INSTRUCTIONS: Stir together sugar, water, and a pinch of salt in a small saucepan and simmer, uncovered, stirring occasionally, until syrup has thickened slightly, 5 to 8 minutes. Transfer to a glass measure and chill, uncovered, until cool, then stir in lime juice and food coloring. Stir together sugar, water, and a pinch of salt in a small saucepan and simmer, uncovered, stirring occasionally, until syrup has thickened slightly, 5 to 8 minutes. Transfer to a glass measure and chill, uncovered, until cool, then stir in lime juice and food coloring. <END>
INPUT: Asian, electrolyte, drink, lemon juice, lime juice, agave nectar honey, fine sea salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lemon-Ginger Electrolyte Drink | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1 (4") piece ginger, peeled; 1/4 cup fresh lemon juice; 2 tablespoons fresh lime juice; 2 teaspoons agave nectar or honey; 1/8 teaspoon fine sea salt; 2 3/4 cups mineral or coconut water | INSTRUCTIONS: Finely grate ginger and, using a flexible spatula, press solids into a fine-mesh sieve set over a small bowl; discard pulp. You should have about 1 tsp. ginger juice. Combine ginger juice, lemon juice, lime juice, agave, and salt in a large measuring cup or bowl. Stir in mineral water. Pour over 2 glasses filled with ice. Finely grate ginger and, using a flexible spatula, press solids into a fine-mesh sieve set over a small bowl; discard pulp. You should have about 1 tsp. ginger juice. Combine ginger juice, lemon juice, lime juice, agave, and salt in a large measuring cup or bowl. Stir in mine <END>
INPUT: Mexican, alfred, portale, Japanese cello cucumber, sushi grade yellowfin, Vinaigrette, scallions, Shiso leaves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Alfred Portale's Tuna Tartare with Herb Salad, Cucumber, Lime, Scallion and Ginger | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 Japanese or cello cucumber, fluted and thinly sliced in 1/8-inch rounds; 1 pound sushi grade yellowfin tuna, blue fin or big eye tuna, cut into 1/4-inch dice; Vinaigrette, recipe follows; 1/3 cup thinly sliced scallions, white part only; 3 Shiso leaves, cut into chiffonade; Coarse salt; Freshly ground white pepper; Herb Salad, recipe follows; Croutons, recipe follows; 1/4 cup plus 1 tablespoon grape seed oil or canola oil; 3 tablespoons ginger juice (grate 4 ounces ginger and squeeze out the juice); 1 clove garlic, finely minced; 5 tablespoons lime juice; 1 shallot, finely minced; 1/4 teaspoon ground cayenne pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: 1 ring mold, 3 inches in diameter, 1 1/2 inches deep Place ring mold in the center of a chilled 12-inch dinner plate. Make a circle of overlapping cucumbers around each mold. Put tuna in a mixing bowl and add 8 tablespoons of vinaigrette, scallions, and Shiso. Mix to combine. Season with salt and freshly ground white pepper, to taste. Spoon tartare into mold, pressing lightly. Stand 3 croutons into tuna and top with a little herb salad. Carefully lift ring mold up and off the plate. Serve with extra croutons on the side. Put all ingredients in a medium bowl and whisk to comb <END>
INPUT: Asian, shooters, sesame oil, garlic, shallots, lemongrass, ginger
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lobster Scallion Shooters | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 2 ounces sesame oil; 4 cloves garlic, minced; 2 shallots, minced; 1 stalk lemongrass, minced; 2 ounces ginger, peeled and minced; 1 pound lobster meat, chopped fine; 1/4 cup tamari soy sauce; 2 tablespoons sambal chile sauce; 1 bunch scallions, chopped; 2 tablespoons chopped mint; 2 tablespoons chopped basil; 32 small dumpling wrappers; 2 eggs, beaten, for egg wash; 3/4 quart peanut oil, for frying; Red Curry-Coconut Cream, recipe follows | INSTRUCTIONS: In a medium saute pan, saute in sesame oil the garlic, shallots, lemongrass, and ginger until slightly browned. Remove from heat and transfer to mixing bowl. Fold in the lobster meat, soy sauce, sambal, scallions, mint, and basil. Lay out dumpling wrappers evenly on a flat surface and brush a thin layer of egg on each wrapper. Place a small amount of the mixture in the center of the wrapper. Fold the edges of the wrappers up around the mixture and squeeze the edges to seal the dumpling. Deep fry dumplings in 350 degree F peanut oil until golden brown. Serve with Red Curry-Coconut Cream. In a s <END>
INPUT: caramel, fish sauce, sugar, Thai crab shrimp, Peanut vegetable oil, all purpose flour
OUTPUT: TITLE: Crab Fat-Caramel Wings | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup fish sauce; 1 1/2 cups sugar; 1/4 cup Thai crab or shrimp paste with bean oil; Peanut or vegetable oil (for frying; about 10 cups); 1 cup all-purpose flour; 1 teaspoon baking powder; 1 1/2 cups cornstarch, divided; 1/2 cup vodka; 2 pounds chicken wings, tips removed, flats and drumettes separated; Kosher salt; Freshly ground pepper; 1/4 cup chopped salted, roasted peanuts; Fresh cilantro leaves with tender stems (for serving); A deep-fry thermometer | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring fish sauce to a boil in a medium saucepan and cook until reduced almost by half (it will darken and become pungent), about 5 minutes. Stir in sugar and fit saucepan with thermometer. Cook until thermometer registers 230°F (mixture will become thick and dark). Whisk in crab paste and 1 tablespoons water until smooth. Reduce heat to low; keep warm until ready to dip wings. Fit a large pot with clean thermometer and pour in oil to measure 2". Heat over medium-high heat until thermometer registers 350°F. Meanwhile, whisk flour, baking powder, and 1 cup cornstarch in a medium bowl. Whisking c <END>
INPUT: gravlachs, cold, Alaska sockeye salmon, course kosher style, granulated sugar, course pepper, dill
OUTPUT: TITLE: Gravlachs: Sockeye Salmon Cold-Cured with Fresh Dill | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 frozen Alaska sockeye salmon; 2 tablespoons course kosher-style salt; 1 tablespoon granulated sugar; 1/2 tablespoon course-crushed black pepper; Fresh dill; 1 teaspoon dry mustard; 2 teaspoons sugar; 2 teaspoons wheat flour; White vinegar; 1 cup mayonnaise; 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh dill; 3 tablespoons whipped cream or artificial substitute | INSTRUCTIONS: Thaw sockeye salmon that has been frozen for at least 1 week. Remove backbone and ribs, but leave the skin. Combine salt, sugar, and pepper in a small dish, then rub into flesh of each fillet, making sure to spread mixture uniformly. Layer dill over 1 fillet, then replace the other fillet on top. Put stacked fillets in a flat-bottomed glass or ceramic casserole pan large enough to allow fillets to lie flat. Cover loosely with plastic wrap and place another dish or a clean cutting board about the same size as the fillets, over the top of the fillets. Make sure the dish/board doesn?t touch the s <END>
INPUT: Indian, chutney, vegetable oil, plain milk yogurt, mint, garam masala, loin lamb chops
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Lamb Chops with Fresh Mango Chutney | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: Nonstick vegetable oil spray; 1 cup plain whole-milk yogurt; 4 tablespoons chopped fresh mint, divided; 1 1/2 teaspoons garam masala; 8 T-bone loin lamb chops (each about 1 inch thick); 1 1/2 cups 1/2-inch cubes peeled pitted mango; 2 1/2 tablespoons ginger preserves; 1 1/2 tablespoons fresh lime juice; 1 1/2 teaspoons minced serrano chiles with seeds | INSTRUCTIONS: Spray grill rack with nonstick spray and prepare barbecue (medium-high heat). Whisk plain yogurt, 2 tablespoons chopped mint, and garam masala in medium bowl to blend. Add lamb chops and turn to coat with yogurt mixture. Let stand at room temperature 15 minutes. Meanwhile, combine mango cubes, ginger preserves, lime juice, serrano chiles, and remaining 2 tablespoons mint in small bowl. Season mango chutney to taste with salt and pepper. Remove lamb chops from yogurt mixture; sprinkle generously with salt and pepper. Grill lamb to desired doneness about 5 minutes per side for medium-rare. Place <END>
INPUT: potatoes, mint leaves, parsley leaves, unsalted butter, sour cream
OUTPUT: TITLE: Steamed New Potatoes with Mint and Parsley | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 pound small red potatoes, quartered lengthwise; 2 teaspoons minced fresh mint leaves; 2 teaspoons minced fresh parsley leaves; 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, softened; 1 tablespoon sour cream | INSTRUCTIONS: In a steamer set over boiling water steam the potatoes, covered, for 10 to 12 minutes, or until they are just tender. While the potatoes are steaming, in a bowl stir together the mint, the parsley, the butter, the sour cream, and salt and pepper to taste. Add the potatoes to the herb mixture and toss them well. In a steamer set over boiling water steam the potatoes, covered, for 10 to 12 minutes, or until they are just tender. While the potatoes are steaming, in a bowl stir together the mint, the parsley, the butter, the sour cream, and salt and pepper to taste. Add the potatoes to the herb mi <END>
INPUT: pudding, milk, granulated sugar, unsweetened cocoa powder, cornstarch, semisweet chocolate
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mom's Chocolate Pudding | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 1/2 cups whole milk; 1/2 cup granulated sugar; 1/3 cup unsweetened cocoa powder (not Dutch process); 2 tablespoons cornstarch; 4 ounces semisweet chocolate, chopped, plus more for garnish, optional; 2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract; Kosher salt; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1 cup whipping cream; 1/4 cup confectioners' sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: Whisk the milk, granulated sugar, cocoa and cornstarch constantly in a nonreactive medium saucepan over medium-high heat until the cocoa has fully dissolved and the mixture starts to simmer, about 8 minutes. Reduce the heat to medium, and continue to cook, whisking, until the mixture thickens to the consistency of a light gravy, 6 to 7 minutes more. Stir in the chopped chocolate, vanilla and a pinch of salt and continue to cook, whisking, until the chocolate has melted and the pudding is thick and creamy, about 2 minutes more. Remove the pudding from the heat, add the butter and stir until the <END>
INPUT: Mexican, salsa, verde, tomatoes, cilantro leaves, onion, balsamic, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Seared Rib Eye, Salsa Verde, Dirty Rice | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2 large green tomatoes; 1/4 cup fresh cilantro leaves; 1/4 cup small diced yellow onion; 2 tablespoons white balsamic; 1 tablespoon minced garlic; 1 tablespoon grapeseed oil; 2 jalapenos, seeded; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 tablespoon grapeseed oil; 1/2 cup small diced yellow onion; 1 cup cooked black beans; 2 tablespoons small diced carrots, previously boiled, semi-soft; 1/2 cup tomato juice; 3 cups cooked white or brown rice; 1/2 cup celery leaves, tips only | INSTRUCTIONS: For the salsa verde: First, dice the tomatoes, medium cut, then puree them in a food processor or blender. Next, add the cilantro, onions, balsamic, garlic, oil and jalapenos. Again, puree, taste, then season with salt and pepper. After seasoning, place in the refrigerator for at least 1 hour to allow the flavors to merge. For the dirty rice: In a saute pan over medium-high heat, add the oil and allow to warm. Next, add the onions and cook, with stirring motion, until slightly translucent. This should take 3 to 4 minutes. Next, add the cooked beans and carrots and allow to warm. Then add the t <END>
INPUT: buns, oil, yeast starter, granulated sugar, vegetable oil, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cinnamon Buns | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Nonstick oil spray; 1 cup yeast starter; 1/2 cup granulated sugar; 1/2 cups vegetable oil (recommended: Mazola); 1 tablespoon salt; 1 1/2 cups hot tap water; 1 (1 tablespoon) package dry active yeast; 6 cups all-purpose flour (recommended: Pillsbury); 2 sticks butter; 1 1/2 cups brown sugar, plus more if needed; 1/2 cup ground cinnamon; 1 cup chopped pecans; 1/2 cup raisins; 4 cups 10x powdered sugar; 3/4 cup half-and-half | INSTRUCTIONS: Buns: When you are ready to bake, preheat the oven to 170 degrees F. Prepare 2 (9 by 12-inch) rectangular baking dishes by spraying with nonstick oil spray. In a mixer fitted with a dough hook, mix together starter, granulated sugar, vegetable oil, salt, water, yeast and flour. After mixing the dough for about 2 minutes, remove the dough to a bowl sprayed with nonstick oil. Cook's Note: If the dough mix is too loose, add more flour. Cover with a towel and let rise until doubled in size. The rising process will take 1 to 4 hours, depending on the altitude and weather at the time and place you a <END>
INPUT: Mexican, southern, free, eggs, chicken breast fillets, all purpose flour, Vegetable oil, Salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Southern Fried Free-Range Chicken with a Southwest Chipotle Cream Sauce | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2 eggs, beaten; 4 boneless chicken breast fillets; 1 cup all-purpose flour; Vegetable oil, for frying; Salt and freshly ground pepper; Chipotle cream sauce, recipe follows | INSTRUCTIONS: In a medium sized bowl, beat together 2 eggs. Dip the chicken breasts in the eggs, and then dredge in flour. Fill a medium sized pan halfway with vegetable oil and heat. When the oil is hot, place the chicken breasts in the hot oil and fry on both sides until cooked through. Season with salt and pepper. Top the fried chicken with chipotle cream sauce and serve with pecan rice and wilted spinach. A viewer, who may not be a professional cook, provided this recipe. The FN chefs have not tested this recipe and therefore, we cannot make representation as to the results. Chipotle Cream Sauce: 1 can  <END>
INPUT: American, marinara sauce, mozzarella cheese, soft goat cheese
OUTPUT: TITLE: Prosciutto and Goat Cheese Pizza | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 (10-ounce) fully baked, thick pizza crust; 1/2 cup marinara sauce; 1 cup shredded mozzarella cheese; 1 (3-ounce) package thinly sliced prosciutto (deli section); 1 ounce soft fresh goat cheese, coarsely crumbled; 2 tablespoons fresh basil, chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 425 degrees F. Lay pizza crust on a foil-covered pizza pan or cookie sheet. Spread sauce evenly over pizza crust. Sprinkle mozzarella cheese over crust, leaving a 1-inch border around the edge. Arrange prosciutto on top of cheese. Sprinkle goat cheese over prosciutto. Bake until prosciutto is crisp and cheese is melted, about 12 minutes. Sprinkle basil over pizza. Cut pizza into 6 slices and serve. <END>
INPUT: smooches, hazelnuts, baking soda, sugar, heavy cream, bittersweet chocolate
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate Hazelnut Smooches | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 ounces whole hazelnuts; 2 teaspoons baking soda; 1/4 cup sugar; 1 cup heavy cream; 1 pound bittersweet chocolate, chopped finely; 2 tablespoon unsalted butter; 2 tablespoons Amaretto or other nut liqueur, or dark rum (optional); 1 pound tempered chocolate for dipping | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Bring large pot of water to a boil and add the baking soda. Drop in the hazelnuts, bring back to a boil, and blanch 10 seconds. Drain hazelnuts in a colander, then spread out on a baking sheet in a single layer. Place in oven and roast 8 to 10 minutes until light brown. Remove from oven, place a kitchen towel over the pan, and allow to cool completely. Rub cooled hazelnuts between your palms; the skins should slip right off. Set aside 50 whole hazelnuts. Grind the rest very fine in a food processor fitted with the metal blade and set aside. Place sugar and heavy  <END>
INPUT: minute, brick, garlic, flat leaf parsley, Marcona almonds, lemon
OUTPUT: TITLE: 30 Minute Garlic-Parsley Chicken-Under-a-Brick | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 large cloves garlic, cracked away from skin; 1 cup flat-leaf parsley, a few generous handfuls; 1/2 cup Marcona almonds (Spanish peeled, toasted nuts available in bulk section of many markets) or, toasted slivered almonds; 1 lemon, grate 1 tablespoon zest then cut into wedges; 4 bone-in, skin-on chicken breasts or thighs; 2 tablespoons grill seasoning blend (recommended: Montreal Steak Seasoning by McCormick); Extra-virgin olive oil, for liberal drizzling | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat a heavy bottomed skillet over medium-high to high heat and preheat oven to 400 degrees F. Combine the garlic, parsley, almonds and lemon zest in food processor and pulse to grind into a dry paste. Loosen skin on chicken and layer 1/4 of the mixture under the skin on each piece of chicken. Wash your hands, grease the breasts with a liberal drizzle of extra-virgin olive oil and season with grill seasoning. Place skin side of the breasts down in the skillet and top with another, smaller skillet. Weight the pan with a brick. Cook to crisp skin, 6 to 8 minutes. Transfer the pan to hot oven  <END>
INPUT: Mexican, chimichanga, breakfast, canola oil, onion, garlic, beans, pureed chipotle chile
OUTPUT: TITLE: Baked Chimichanga Breakfast Burritos with Avocado-Tomato-Watercress Salsa | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon canola oil; 1 small onion, finely diced; 1 clove garlic, finely chopped; 2 cans black beans, drained and rinsed; 1 tablespoon pureed chipotle chile in adobo; Kosher salt; 1/2 cup roughly chopped fresh cilantro; 3 ripe Hass avocados, peeled, pitted and chopped; 12 grape tomatoes, cored and halved; 2 green onions, green and pale green parts only, thinly sliced; 1 serrano chile, finely diced; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; Juice of 3 limes; Splash canola oil; 1/4 cup chopped fresh cilantro | INSTRUCTIONS: For the black beans: Heat the oil in a medium saucepan over medium heat. Add the onions and cook until soft, about 3 minutes. Add the garlic and cook 30 seconds. Add the beans, 1/2 cup water, and the chipotle and cook, stirring occasionally, until the water is reduced and beans are heated through and soft, about 20 minutes. Use a potato masher to mash the beans into a chunky paste. Taste, and season with salt as necessary. Stir in the cilantro, and then spread on a baking sheet to cool. For the salsa: Put the avocados, tomatoes, green onions, serrano and some salt and pepper in a large bowl an <END>
INPUT: cranberry sauce, honey, powdered sugar, orange zest
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cranberry Honey Butter | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 sticks (1 cup) unsalted butter, softened; 1/2 cup cranberry sauce (homemade preferred); 1/4 cup honey; 1/4 cup powdered sugar; 1/4 teaspoon finely grated orange zest; Pinch salt | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large bowl, combine the butter, cranberry sauce, honey, powdered sugar, orange zest and salt, and beat until light and fluffy. Taste and adjust seasoning, if necessary. Refrigerate up to 2 weeks. For gifting, pair with homemade rolls, scones, muffins or cornbread. <END>
INPUT: sauce, salt, pepper, olive oil, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Veal Chops with Saffron Orzo and Tomato Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 (1/2-inch-thick) veal chops (rib or loin; 7 ounces each); 3/4 teaspoon salt; 1/2 teaspoon black pepper; 3 tablespoons olive oil; 1 garlic clove, finely chopped; 1/2 cup dry white wine; 2 (10-ounces) containers grape tomatoes; 1 teaspoon finely chopped fresh rosemary; 1 1/2 cups orzo (10 ounces); Scant 1/4 teaspoon crumbled saffron threads; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 3/4 ounce finely grated Parmigiano-Reggiano | INSTRUCTIONS: Pat chops dry and sprinkle with 1/2 teaspoon salt and 1/4 teaspoon pepper. Heat oil in a 12-inch heavy skillet over moderately high heat until hot but not smoking, then sauté chops, turning over once, until golden and just cooked through, 6 to 7 minutes total. Transfer to a plate. Add garlic to skillet and cook over moderate heat, stirring, 30 seconds. Stir in wine, tomatoes, rosemary, and remaining 1/4 teaspoon each of salt and pepper and simmer, gently pressing on tomatoes until they collapse, about 10 minutes. Meanwhile, cook orzo with saffron in a 3-quart saucepan of boiling salted water u <END>
INPUT: cocktail, wine, kosher salt, Remoulade Sauce, mayonnaise
OUTPUT: TITLE: Shrimp Cocktail with Remoulade Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup dry white wine; 1 tablespoon kosher salt; 2 pounds peeled and deveined large (12- to 15-count) shrimp; Remoulade Sauce, recipe follows, for serving; 1 cup mayonnaise; 1/2 cup sour cream; 2 tablespoons sweet relish; 1 teaspoon seafood seasoning; 1 teaspoon chopped fresh tarragon; Dash white vinegar; Zest and juice of 1 lemon; 1/2 shallot, finely minced; Kosher salt, if needed; Cracked black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Prepare a large bowl of ice water; set aside. Bring the white wine, salt and 8 cups water to a boil in a pot, then reduce to a low simmer. Stir in the shrimp and cook at a very low simmer until the shrimp are pink, firm and cooked through, 3 to 5 minutes. Drain and transfer the shrimp to the prepared ice water bath. Once cooled, drain and serve with Remoulade Sauce on the side. Put the mayonnaise, sour cream, relish, seafood seasoning, tarragon, vinegar, lemon zest and juice and shallot in a large bowl and whisk to combine. Season with salt if using and cracked pepper. Serve immediately or cov <END>
INPUT: Mexican, vegetable oil, lamb shanks, Kosher salt, pepper, Rioja good quality
OUTPUT: TITLE: Rioja Braised Lamb Shanks with Chorizo and Garlic | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons vegetable oil; 4 lamb shanks; Kosher salt; Freshly ground black pepper; 1 1/2 cups Rioja or 1 1/2 cups good quality beef stock; 1 cup good quality balsamic vinegar; 1 bulb garlic, cut in half horizontally; 2 bay leaves; 1 teaspoon paprika, or to taste; 1/2 teaspoon whole black peppercorns; 4 sprigs fresh rosemary; 1 1/4 cups good quality beef stock; One 4-ounce piece chorizo; 1 large red onion, cut into wedges; 2 carrots, chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 300 degrees F. Heat the oil in a large skillet over high heat. Season the lamb with salt and pepper. Brown the lamb shanks all over, then remove them from the pan. Remove the pan from the heat and pour in the wine (or stock) and vinegar. Return to the heat and boil for 5 minutes. Add the browned lamb, garlic, bay leaves, paprika, peppercorns, half the rosemary and the stock. Cover and bring to a boil. Then put the pan into the oven and cook for 2 hours. After two hours, add the chorizo, onion, carrots and honey, cover and cook for another hour or until the meat is just fall <END>
INPUT: tarts, bags almond flour, coconut oil, fluid honey, coconut milk, ancho chile powder
OUTPUT: TITLE: Coconut Chocolate Tarts | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 16-ounce bags almond flour; 1 12-ounce jar coconut oil, melted; 12 fluid ounces honey; 4 14-ounce cans coconut milk; 1 tablespoon ancho chile powder; 1 tablespoon cayenne pepper; 1 tablespoon pasilla chile powder; 1 tablespoon smoked sea salt; 48 ounces dark chocolate chips or chunks | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: 20 6-inch tart molds Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. In a stand mixer fitted with a paddle attachment, combine the almond flour, coconut oil and honey on low speed until you reach a semi-clumpy consistency, it should feel damp and moldable, similar to modeling clay. Separate and spread the mixture evenly into 20 6-inch tart pans. Place the tart pans on sheet trays and bake until they rise a bit, look toasty and the excess coconut oil bakes off, 18 to 20 minutes. Meanwhile, in a saucepan set over medium heat, bring the coconut milk to a simmer. Whisk in the ancho powder, c <END>
INPUT: brown, flavored, popped popcorn, unsalted butter, grey salt, orange, bittersweet chocolate
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate-Orange Brown Butter Flavored Popcorn | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 cups popped popcorn, recipe follows; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 2 tablespoons grey salt; 1 orange; 1-ounce bittersweet chocolate; 1/4 cup olive oil; 1 1/2 cups popcorn | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat a 10-inch saute pan over medium-high heat on stovetop. Tilt the pan away from you, then add the butter. As you tilt the pan back, the butter will begin to brown. Add salt into the butter, then pour it over the popcorn. Mix well. With a grater, zest the skin of 1 orange, about 2 tablespoons and the chocolate over the popcorn and mix. Preheat a large cast iron Dutch oven on a stovetop over high heat. Add olive oil, then popcorn. As soon as it begins to pop, cover and turn down to medium heat until sound of popping stops, about 3 to 4 minutes. <END>
INPUT: soup, chicken stock, bay leaf, sage, thyme, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Garlic Soup | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 quart chicken stock, preferably homemade or half of stock and water; 1 bay leaf; Pinch dried sage; 1/2 teaspoon dried thyme; 1/2 head of garlic cloves, peeled; Salt; 1 ounce each of freshly grated Parmesan and Swiss cheese; 1 egg mixed with 1 egg yolk; 1/4 cup good quality olive oil; Freshly ground black pepper; 4 toasted bread croutons made of sliced French bread, optional; 1 to 2 tablespoons chopped parsley for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring stock to a boil in a nonreactive saucepan (do not use aluminum which will react with eggs which come into play later on). Add bay leaf, sage, thyme and garlic cloves and cook, covered, at a bare simmer for 30 minutes. Strain broth and discard herbs; pass and press garlic through to liquid and season to taste with salt. In a mixing bowl combine the cheese with egg and yolk, olive oil and pepper to taste. Everything can be done in advance up to this point. Just before serving, reheat the soup and drizzle a ladleful of hot soup into the egg and oil mixture to temper the eggs. Pour this temp <END>
INPUT: size Chinese mushrooms, hot water, uncooked shrimp, Sherry wine, cornstarch
OUTPUT: TITLE: Shrimp and Mushrooms in Spicy Black Bean Oyster Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 12 medium-size dried Chinese black mushrooms or dried shiitake mushrooms (about 1 ounce); 1 1/2 cups hot water; 1 pound large uncooked shrimp, peeled, deveined; 1 tablespoon dry Sherry or dry white wine; 2 tablespoons cornstarch; 2 tablespoons oyster sauce; 1 1/2 teaspoons sugar; 2 tablespoons salted black beans; 1 1/2 tablespoons minced garlic; 1 1/2 tablespoons minced peeled fresh ginger; 1 tablespoon minced seeded red or green chili (such as serrano or jalapeño); 2 green onions, finely chopped; 1/4 cup plus 2 tablespoons peanut oil; Freshly cooked rice | INSTRUCTIONS: Soak mushrooms in 1 1/2 cups hot water in medium bowl until softened, about 20 minutes. Drain mushrooms, reserving 1 cup soaking liquid. Squeeze out excess moisture. Cut off stems and discard. Cut caps in half. Toss mushrooms, shrimp, Sherry and 1 tablespoons cornstarch together in medium bowl to coat evenly. Let stand 15 minutes. Whisk 1 cup reserved mushroom soaking liquid, oyster sauce, remaining 1 tablespoon cornstarch and sugar in small bowl until cornstarch dissolves. Cover black beans with hot water and soak 1 minute. Drain beans and chop finely. Combine beans in small bowl with garlic, <END>
INPUT: floats, water, butter, lemon, saffron threads, all purpose flour
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lemon Saffron Floats | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 1/2 cups water; 8 ounces butter; 1 lemon, juiced; Pinch saffron threads; 12 ounces all-purpose flour; 10 whole eggs; 1 lemon zest; Salt and pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Bring the water, butter, lemon juice and saffron to a boil. Add all flour all at once and stir until the batter pulls away from the side of the saucepan. Transfer to a mixing bowl. Mix for 5 minutes, or until cool. Add the eggs, 1 at a time, making sure that each gets incorporated before you add the next. Add the lemon zest and adjust the seasoning with salt and pepper. Fill a piping bag fitted with a dime-size or large tip. Pipe on a baking sheet and place in oven. Cook until fully risen, about 10 to 12 minutes. Remove from the oven and serve alongside Chesa <END>
INPUT: simmered, collard greens, olive oil, onion, low sodium chicken, soy sauce
OUTPUT: TITLE: Soy Simmered Collard Greens | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 bunches collard greens; 1 tablespoon olive oil; 1/2 onion, thinly sliced; 2 cups low-sodium chicken broth; 2 tablespoons soy sauce; 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 1/4 teaspoon garlic powder; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 1 tablespoon apple cider vinegar; Hot pepper vinegar, for serving, optional | INSTRUCTIONS: Remove the white ribs from the centers of the collard leaves. Stack the leaves on top of each other and slice into 1-inch pieces. Thoroughly wash the greens (I soak them and continue to change the water until no dirt or sand remains). Set aside. Heat the olive oil in a Dutch oven over medium heat. Add the onions and cook until translucent, about 5 minutes. Pour in the broth and use a wooden spoon to scrape up any brown bits. Stir in the soy sauce, pepper, garlic powder and salt. Bring to a low boil. Add the greens and reduce the heat to a very low simmer. Cover and cook, stirring occasionally, <END>
INPUT: baby beets, apricot juice, balsamic vinegar, honey
OUTPUT: TITLE: Glazed Baby Beets | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 20 baby beets, scrubbed; 2 cups apricot juice; 3 tablespoons white balsamic vinegar; 2 tablespoons honey | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. In a large saute pan, add the beets and the apricot juice. Cover and cook on medium high for 10 minutes. Add the vinegar and honey and cook for another 10 minutes. Pull off of the heat and keep covered for an additional 5 minutes. <END>
INPUT: American, pulled, sandwiches, pork shoulder roast, Smokey BBQ Rub, onions, barbeque sauce
OUTPUT: TITLE: BBQ Pulled Pork Sandwiches | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 4 pounds pork shoulder roast; 5 to 6 whole cloves; 3 tablespoons Smokey BBQ Rub, recipe follows; 2 red onions, thinly sliced; 16 ounces barbeque sauce; 1/4 cup sugar; 3 tablespoons brown sugar; 2 tablespoons dark chili powder; 2 tablespoons smoked paprika; 1 tablespoon garlic powder; 1 tablespoon onion powder; 1 tablespoon fresh ground black pepper; 1 tablespoon kosher salt; 1 teaspoon dry mustard; 1/2 teaspoon cayenne pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Stud the roast with the cloves and rub with the Smokey BBQ Rub. Place the roast in a slow cooker and top with the onions. Cover the roast with 2 cups of water and slow cook for 8 to 10 hours. Remove the pork, discard the cloves and layer of fat, as well as any water and grease remaining in the pot. When the pork is cool enough to handle, use a fork or your hands to shred and pull the meat apart. Return the meat to the slow cooker along with the barbecue sauce. Heat for 1 to 2 hours. Serve on your favorite roll. Combine the granulated and brown sugars, chili powder, paprika, garlic powder, onio <END>
INPUT: American, fish filets, flour, Salt, milk, bread crumbs
OUTPUT: TITLE: Traditional Fish Filet Sandwich | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 white fish filets; 3/4 cup flour; Salt; 1/2 cup milk; 1 cup bread crumbs; Salt and pepper; 2 kaiser rolls or other large sandwich roll | INSTRUCTIONS: Season fish with salt and dredge in flour. Dip fish filets In milk and coat in bread crumbs. Let coated fish dry for 10 minutes. Heat 1/2 inch of oil in skillet over medium high heat. Fry filets until golden brown. Remove filets to paper towels to drain and season with salt <END>
INPUT: purple, golden beets, apple cider vinegar, granulated sugar, turmeric, peppercorns
OUTPUT: TITLE: Golden and Purple Beet-Pickled Eggs | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound red or golden beets, stems and leaves removed; 1/2 cup apple cider vinegar; 1/4 cup granulated sugar; 1 teaspoon turmeric, if using golden beets; 1/2 teaspoon whole black peppercorns; 1/4 teaspoon pickling spice; 6 large hard-boiled eggs, peeled; 1 small yellow onion, peeled and sliced | INSTRUCTIONS: In a medium pot, cover the beets with cold water and boil until tender. Remove the beets and reserve for another use. Add the vinegar, sugar, turmeric if using golden beets, peppercorns and pickling spice. Boil, stirring occasionally until the sugar dissolves. Remove the pot from the heat and let stand until the cooking liquid reaches room temperature. Add the eggs and onions. Cover tightly and refrigerate, turning the eggs occasionally, at least 8 hours and up to 24 hours. Remove the eggs from the liquid and serve. <END>
INPUT: American, souffle, unsalted butter, Parmesan, flour, milk, egg yolks
OUTPUT: TITLE: Blue Cheese Souffle | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, plus more, for greasing; 2 tablespoons grated Parmesan; 3 tablespoons flour; 1 cup milk, hot; 4 egg yolks; Salt and pepper; 1 teaspoon dry mustard; 3/4 cup crumbled blue cheese; 5 egg whites; Pinch cream of tartar; 1/2 cup water; 1 orange, zested and juiced; 1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1 tablespoon brown sugar; 1 teaspoon natural vanilla extract | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Prepare 4 (8-ounce) ramekins or a 1 1/2 -quart souffle dish by greasing with softened butter and coating with Parmesan. Make a thick bechamel sauce base by melting 3 tablespoons butter over low-medium heat in a thick-bottomed saucepan. Just as the foam subsides, add the flour, stirring constantly with a wooden spoon or whisk to prevent lumps. Cook for 2 to 3 minutes to coat the flour and remove the starchy taste, do not allow to brown. Add the hot milk to the roux and continue to whisk until the mixture is smoothly thickened. Remove from heat. Beat in the egg yol <END>
INPUT: borscht, sour, vegetable oil, beef short, onion, water, celery
OUTPUT: TITLE: Hot Beef Borscht with Sour Cream | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons vegetable oil; 3 pounds beef short ribs, cut into 3- to 4-inch pieces; 1 large onion, sliced; 3 1/2 quarts water; 2 celery stalks, chopped; 1 carrot, coarsely chopped; 12 whole black peppercorns; 2 bay leaves; 2 whole cloves; 10 medium beets (about 2 inches in diameter), rinsed, tops trimmed; 1 cup water; 3 cups (about) canned beef broth; 2 tablespoons (1/4 stick) butter; 1 cup diced carrots; 1 cup chopped onions | INSTRUCTIONS: FOR STOCK: Heat vegetable oil in heavy large pot over medium-high heat. Add half of beef ribs and sauté until brown on all sides, about 8 minutes. Transfer to plate. Repeat with remaining ribs; transfer to plate. Add sliced onion to pot. Sauté until golden, about 10 minutes. Return ribs and any juices to pot. Add 3 1/2 quarts water and remaining stock ingredients. Bring to boil, skimming any foam from surface. Reduce heat and simmer until ribs are very tender, skimming foam occasionally, about 2 1/2 hours. Using tongs, transfer ribs to plate. Strain stock into large bowl. Chill stock until fat <END>
INPUT: filled, topped, light wine, sugar, pears, cinnamon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Red Wine Poached Pear Filled with Vanilla Ice Cream and Topped with Granola | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 bottle light red wine, such as merlot; 1 1/2 cups sugar; 2 cloves; 2 pears (preferably Bosc or Anjou), peeled, halved and cored; 1 stick cinnamon; 1 vanilla bean, split and scraped; 1/2 orange, zested; 1 cup vanilla ice cream; 1 cup store-bought granola; 3 fresh mint leaves, torn | INSTRUCTIONS: In a medium saucepan, add the wine, sugar, cloves, pears, cinnamon, vanilla and orange zest and bring to a simmer. Cut out a circle of parchment paper and fit this on top of the liquid to keep the pears submerged. Simmer the pears until fork-tender, flipping them once, about 40 minutes. Remove the pears from the wine with a slotted spoon and refrigerate for 10 minutes. Continue to reduce the wine mixture on high heat until it becomes syrupy, about 10 minutes. Remove from the heat and strain. Top each pear half with some ice cream, granola and a drizzle of the wine reduction. Finish your art wi <END>
INPUT: chowder, petite corn, low fat, clam juice, onions, ginger
OUTPUT: TITLE: Corn and Crab Chowder | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 16-ounce bag frozen petite white corn (do not thaw), divided; 1 cup low-fat (1%) milk; 1 8-ounce bottle clam juice; 4 tablespoons sliced green onions, divided; 2 teaspoons minced peeled fresh ginger, divided; 4 1/2 teaspoons fresh lemon juice, divided; 2 tablespoons (1/4 stick) butter; 4 ounces cooked crabmeat, flaked | INSTRUCTIONS: Reserve 1/4 cup corn. Bring remaining corn and milk to boil in medium saucepan. Cover; remove from heat. Let stand 10 minutes. Puree mixture in blender. Add clam juice, 3 tablespoons green onions, and 1 teaspoon ginger; puree again until almost smooth. Return puree to saucepan; bring to simmer. Mix in 1 1/2 teaspoons lemon juice. Season with salt and pepper. Melt butter in small skillet over medium heat. Add reserved 1/4 cup corn; sauté 1 minute. Add crab, 1 tablespoon green onions, 1 teaspoon ginger, and 3 teaspoons lemon juice; stir just until warm. Season with salt and pepper. Divide soup a <END>
INPUT: sour, loosely sugar, rice wine vinegar, ketchup, low sodium soy, pineapple juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sweet and Sour Meatballs | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup loosely packed brown sugar; 1/2 cup rice wine vinegar; 1/4 cup ketchup; 1 tablespoon low-sodium soy sauce; 2 1/4 cups pineapple juice; 1 tablespoon cornstarch; One 25-count bag All-Purpose Meatballs (still frozen is fine), recipe follows; 1 tablespoon sriracha hot sauce; 1 cup drained small pineapple chunks; Steamed long-grain rice, for serving; 2 tablespoons sliced green onions, for garnish; 5 pounds ground beef; 1 1/2 cups plain breadcrumbs; 1/2 cup milk; 1/4 cup heavy cream | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large skillet over medium-high heat, add the brown sugar, vinegar, ketchup, soy sauce and 2 cups of the pineapple juice. Bring to a boil. Make a slurry by mixing the cornstarch into the remaining 1/4 cup pineapple juice, whisking to get out all the lumps. Whisk the slurry into the skillet and add the All-Purpose Meatballs. Bring to a simmer and add the sriracha. Cover and cook until the sauce is thickened and the meatballs are heated through, 8 to 10 minutes. Stir in the pineapple chunks. Serve over steamed rice, garnished with green onions. To make the meatballs, combine the ground beef, <END>
INPUT: Italian, cheesecake, unsalted pistachios, unsalted butter at, milk ricotta cheese, granulated sugar, eggs
OUTPUT: TITLE: Orange Ricotta Cheesecake | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons unsalted pistachios; 1 tablespoon unsalted butter at room temperature for greasing the pan; 1 1/2 pounds whole milk ricotta cheese; 2/3 cup plus 2 tablespoons granulated sugar; 5 large eggs, separated; 1 1/2 teaspoons finely grated orange zest; 1 tablespoon orange juice; 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract; Confectioners' sugar, for dusting | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: A 9-inch springform pan Position an oven rack to the bottom third of the oven and preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Spread the pistachios out on a baking sheet and bake until golden and toasted, 10 to 12 minutes. Transfer to a heat-safe plate to cool, then pulse them in a food processor until very finely ground. Transfer the ground pistachios to a small bowl and set aside. Set a 9-inch springform pan on top of a piece of parchment paper and trace a circle around it. Cut out the circle and set aside. Generously grease the bottom and sides of the pan with the room temperature <END>
INPUT: cutlets, panzanella, onion, distilled vinegar, Kosher salt, olive oil, torn country style
OUTPUT: TITLE: Crispy Chicken Cutlets With Cherry Tomato Panzanella | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 small onion, thinly sliced; 3 tablespoons distilled white vinegar, divided; Kosher salt, freshly ground pepper; 6 tablespoons olive oil, divided; 1 cup torn country-style bread, (from about 1/4 small loaf); 2 skin-on, bone-in chicken breasts; 2 tablespoons vegetable oil; 1 pound cherry tomatoes; Pinch of sugar; 3/4 cup parsley leaves with tender stems | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine onion and 2 tablespoons vinegar in a small bowl. Season with salt and pepper; set aside. Heat 2 tablespoons olive oil in a large skillet over medium-high. Add bread; season with salt and pepper. Cook, tossing, until golden brown, 5–8 minutes. Transfer to a medium bowl. Wipe out skillet. Using a thin, sharp knife, cut bones and cartilage from chicken breasts. Pound chicken between 2 sheets of plastic wrap to 1/4" thick; season with salt and pepper. Heat 1 tablespoon vegetable oil in skillet over medium-high. Cook 1 chicken breast, skin side down, until golden brown and nearly cooked thr <END>
INPUT: instant, cultured
OUTPUT: TITLE: Instant-Pot Cultured Coconut Milk Yogurt | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 (13.5-oz ) cans full-fat coconut milk; 1 tsp (5 ml) 100% vanilla extract; 3 tbsp (45 ml) 100% maple syrup; 2 tbsp (16 g) tapioca starch or arrowroot; 1 tsp (2 g) probiotic powder (I used 200 billion cfu); 1 cup (240 ml) water; Fruit, grain-free granola; 3 small heat-resistant and tempered glass bowls or yogurt cups | INSTRUCTIONS: Chill one can of coconut milk in the fridge for at least an hour. Sterilize the heat-resistant and tempered glass bowls or yogurt cups with boiling water or by running them through the dishwasher. Set them aside. In a medium saucepan, combine one can of coconut milk, the coconut cream from the chilled can of coconut milk, vanilla and maple syrup over low heat. Stir or whisk until the cream is melted down and incorporated into the mix. Remove 1/4 cup (22 g) of the mixture from the pot and whisk in the tapioca starch. Reincorporate this slurry into the heated yogurt mixture. Stir once more and t <END>
INPUT: Asian, container Minute® Ready, snow peas, onion, Tbsps sesame ginger
OUTPUT: TITLE: Asian Chicken and Rice Salad | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1 container Minute® Ready to Serve Chicken Rice Mix; 1/3 cup cooked, diced chicken; 1/4 cup sliced snow peas; 1 Tbsp sliced red onion; 2 Tbsps sesame-ginger salad dressing; 2 cups salad greens; 1 Tbsp sliced almonds; 1/4 cup Mandarin orange segments | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat rice according to package directions. In medium bowl, combine rice, chicken, snow peas, onions and dressing; blend well. Serve on bed of salad greens and top with almonds and orange segments. Cooks' notes: You can adjust the amount of ingredients based on your tastes. <END>
INPUT: loaf French Italian, low fat cream, garlic, Parmesan
OUTPUT: TITLE: Garlic Bread | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 loaf French or Italian bread, cut lengthwise; 2 ounces low-fat cream cheese; 1 clove garlic, minced; 3 tablespoons finely grated Parmesan | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven broiler to high. In a small bowl, whip together cream cheese and garlic. Spread evenly over cut surface of bread. Sprinkle Parmesan cheese evenly over bread. Put on a cookie sheet, place under broiler and cook until golden and bubbly, about 1 to 2 minutes. Serve immediately. <END>
INPUT: wine, sugar, cinnamon, peppercorns
OUTPUT: TITLE: Wine Poached Peaches with Ice Cream | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 cups red wine; 1 cup sugar; 1 cinnamon stick; 2 whole cloves; 2 to 3 whole peppercorns; 1 or 2 strips lemon rind; 2 large peaches, halved and pitted; 1 pint vanilla bean ice cream; Whipped cream, in canister; Freshly grated nutmeg, to garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine the wine, sugar, cinnamon stick, cloves, peppercorns, and lemon rind in a medium saucepan. Bring to a boil, stir to dissolve the sugar, and reduce heat to a bubble. Bring the poaching liquid to a boil and cook on high heat until reduced to a syrupy texture. Add the peaches and poach the fruit, spooning the syrup over them occasionally, until you can pierce the peach easily with a knife, about 5 minutes. Put the peach halves in 2 dessert bowls. Top with ice cream, whipped cream, and drizzle with the poaching syrup. Grate a little nutmeg over the top. <END>
INPUT: Italian, dumplings, ricotta, all purpose flour, egg, Parmesan, nutmeg
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken and Dumplings | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound ricotta; 1/2 cup plus 2 tablespoons all-purpose flour plus more; 1 large egg, beaten to blend; 1 1/4 cups finely grated Parmesan; 3/4 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg; 1/2 tablespoon kosher salt; 10 cups low-salt chicken broth; 2 pounds skinless, boneless chicken thighs; 1/4 cup (1/2 stick) unsalted butter; 6 tablespoons all-purpose flour; 2 celery stalks, cut crosswise into 1/4"-thick slices; 1 carrot, peeled, thinly sliced; 1 parsnip, peeled, cut into 1/4"-thick rounds; 1 leek, halved lengthwise, cut crosswise into 1/4"-thick slices; 1/4 cup chopped flat-leaf parsley | INSTRUCTIONS: For gnocchi: If using fresh ricotta that has excess liquid, you may need to drain it overnight. Line a fine-mesh strainer with cheesecloth and set it over a medium bowl. Add ricotta; cover with plastic wrap and let drain overnight in refrigerator. If using supermarket ricotta, proceed with recipe; no draining required. Gently mix ricotta, 1/2 cup plus 2 tablespoons flour, egg, Parmesan, nutmeg, and salt in a large bowl just to blend (do not overwork). Form dough into a ball (it will be sticky); wrap in plastic and chill for at least 1 hour and up to 1 day. Line a baking sheet with parchment pa <END>
INPUT: fruit, apricot halves, figs, golden raisins, apple juice, chicken broth
OUTPUT: TITLE: Dried Fruit Stuffed Pork Loin | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 pound dried apricot halves; 1/4 pound dried figs; 1/3 cup golden raisins; 1/2 cup apple juice; 1 cup chicken broth, low sodium; 4 fresh sage leaves; 2 tablespoons butter; 1 teaspoon ground ginger; 2 garlic cloves; 1 tablespoon lemon juice; Salt and pepper, to taste; 3 pounds pork loin, boneless; Vegetable oil; Fresh herbs, such as parsley, sage, rosemary and thyme | INSTRUCTIONS: In a saucepan, combine apricots, figs and raisins over medium heat. Add apple juice and chicken broth. Add sage, butter, ginger, garlic, and lemon juice. Season with salt and pepper. Cook until the fruits are reconstituted and the liquid is reduced by half, about 25 minutes. Transfer the fruit mixture to a blender or food processor and puree until thick and smooth. Carve a tunnel through the center of the loin with a sharpening steel or wooden dowel. Widen the tunnel using your fingers. Inject the sauce into the opening using a pastry bag fitted with a metal tip. The filling should go all the  <END>
INPUT: American, peperonata, toasts, baguette, olive oil, garlic, bell pepper, plum tomato
OUTPUT: TITLE: Peperonata on Goat Cheese Toasts | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 baguette (preferably sourdough); 3 tablespoons olive oil; 2 garlic cloves; 1 red bell pepper; 1 plum tomato; 2 tablespoons finely chopped shallot; 1/4 teaspoon dried hot red pepper flakes; 1 1/2 tablespoons balsamic vinegar, or to taste; 2 ounces soft mild goat cheese, softened; Garnish: small fresh basil leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat broiler. Diagonally cut eight 1/4-inch-thick slices from baguette with a serrated knife and arrange in one layer on a baking sheet. Brush tops of bread slices with 1 tablespoon oil and sprinkle with salt. Broil bread about 4 inches from heat, turning once, until golden, about 2 minutes. Cool toasts on a rack. Halve garlic cloves and finely chop bell pepper. Seed tomato and finely chop. In a small heavy saucepan cook garlic in remaining 2 tablespoons oil over moderate heat, stirring, until just golden. Discard garlic. Add bell pepper, tomato, shallot, and red pepper flakes and cook, sti <END>
INPUT: American, grapeseed oil, dark balsamic vinegar, garlic puree, rosemary, salt pepper blend
OUTPUT: TITLE: Hanger Steak | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup grapeseed oil; 1/4 cup dark balsamic vinegar; 1 teaspoon garlic puree; 1 teaspoon minced rosemary; 1 teaspoon salt and pepper blend (60 percent to 40 percent mixture); Juice of 1 lemon; 1, 2 or 3 pounds hanger steak; Potatoes, for serving | INSTRUCTIONS: In a bowl, start the marinade for the hangar steak by blending the oil, vinegar, garlic, rosemary, salt and pepper blend and lemon juice and whisk together well. Place the steak in an 8 by 12-inch casserole pan and generously coat with the marinade. Allow to marinate for 30 minutes to 1 hour under refrigeration. For cooking, preheat a grill or chargrill over high heat. Remove the steak from the marinade, straining any excess marinade. Removal of the excess marinade will prevent flaming or charring of the steak during cooking. Place the steak on the grill and cook over high heat, 8 to 9 minutes <END>
INPUT: Mexican, paella, seafood, chicken thighs, chicken legs, oregano, sweet paprika, Kosher salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Paella with Seafood, Chicken, and Chorizo | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2 chicken thighs; 2 chicken legs; 1 teaspoon dried oregano; 2 tablespoons sweet paprika; Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper; 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 1 Spanish chorizo sausage; 4 garlic cloves, crushed; 1 Spanish onion, diced; 1 (16-ounce) can whole tomatoes, drained and hand-crushed; 1 cup Spanish rice, short to medium grain; 1 teaspoon saffron threads; 3 cups water, warm; 4 jumbo shrimp, peeled with heads and tails on; 2 lobster tails, split | INSTRUCTIONS: Rinse the chicken pieces and pat them dry. Mix the oregano and paprika with some salt and pepper in a small bowl. Rub the spice mixture all over the pieces of chicken; marinate for 30 minutes so the flavor can sink in a bit. Heat the olive oil in a paella pan or wide shallow skillet over medium-high heat. Place the chicken in the pan, skin-side down and brown on all sides, turning with tongs. Add the chorizo and continue to cook until the oil is a vibrant red color. Remove the chicken and sausage to a platter lined with paper towels. Return the pan to the stove and lower the heat to medium. Ma <END>
INPUT: Mexican, salad, sweet potatoes, olive oil, salt, jalapeno pepper, cumin
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Sweet Potato Salad | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2 1/2 pounds sweet potatoes; 1/4 cup olive oil; 1 teaspoon salt; 1 small jalapeno pepper, diced fine; 1 teaspoon ground cumin; 1 scallion; 2 teaspoons fresh lime juice; lime wedges; 1/4 cup fresh coriander leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large saucepan, cover potatoes with salted cold water by 1 inch and simmer, covered, until just tender, about 15 to 30 minutes, depending on size of potatoes. In a colander drain potatoes and cool to warm. With a sharp knife peel potatoes and cut cross-wise into 1/2 inch-thick slices. While potatoes are boiling, prepare grill. In a small bowl whisk together oil, salt, jalapeno pepper and cumin and brush some onto both sides of potato slices, reserving remaining cumin oil. Grill slices on an oiled rack set 5 to 6 inches over glowing coals until golden brown, about 1 minute on each side, an <END>
INPUT: garlic, rosemary, orange, chili flakes, Spanish smoked sweet
OUTPUT: TITLE: Marinated Olives with Rosemary, Red Chili, Orange and Paprika | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 garlic cloves; 1 large sprig rosemary; 4 to 5 slices whole orange, peel on; 1 teaspoon dried red chili flakes; 1 tablespoon Spanish smoked sweet paprika; 2 cups extra-virgin olive oil; 1 quart large green Spanish olives, unpitted | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine garlic cloves, fresh rosemary, orange slices, red chili flakes, paprika, and extra- virgin olive oil in a saucepan and set over low heat. Slowly warm up to infuse the oil and soften the garlic - do not let it fry. Once hot, about 5 minutes, pour in olives and steep until cool. Serve at room temperature. <END>
INPUT: American, steak, virgin olive oil, butter, mushrooms, water, rice pilaf mix
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pepper Steak and Rice Pilaf with Mushrooms | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil, eyeball it; 1 tablespoon butter; 10 white mushrooms, chopped; 1 3/4 cups water; 1 package rice pilaf mix (recommended: Near East brand), 6.09 ounces; 2 tablespoons chopped parsley leaves; 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 2 turns of the pan; 2 pounds tenderloin tips or sirloin, cut into chunks; Coarse salt; 2 tablespoons butter; 2 green bell peppers, seeded, 2 inch dice; 1/2 white onion, sliced; 2 tablespoons all-purpose flour; 1 tablespoon tomato paste; 1/4 cup dry sherry – eyeball it | INSTRUCTIONS: In a medium pot over medium to medium high heat add a tablespoon of oil and a tablespoon of butter. When butter melts, add chopped mushrooms and saute 3 to 5 minutes. Add water and cover the pot. Add rice and pilaf packet to water. Stir to combine, reduce heat and cook 18 minutes. Add parsley, fluff with fork. Preheat a large skillet over high heat. Add vegetable oil to really hot pan. Add meat and sear on all sides, 5 minutes. Season with salt and remove to a plate. Cover meat loosely with foil to hold heat. Reduce heat on pan to medium. Add butter to pan. Add peppers and a little onion. Saut <END>
INPUT: cheeseburger, boxes chocolate cake, eggs, buttermilk, vegetable oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cheeseburger Cake | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Cooking spray; 2 18.25-ounce boxes chocolate cake mix; 8 large eggs; 2 cups buttermilk; 1 cup vegetable oil; 1/4 cup green decorating sugar or granulated sugar; 8 spearmint leaf gummy candies; 3 ounces orange rolled fondant (available at craft stores); Cornstarch, for dusting; 1 16-ounce tub vanilla frosting; 1 16-ounce tub chocolate frosting; 3/4 teaspoon yellow food coloring; 5 drops red food coloring; 2 tablespoons crispy rice cereal | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Spray a 2 1/2-quart ovenproof bowl and two 8-inch-round cake pans with cooking spray. Beat the cake mix, eggs, buttermilk and vegetable oil in a large bowl with a mixer. Divide the batter among the bowl and pans; bake until a toothpick comes out clean, about 25 minutes for the pans and about 45 minutes for the bowl. Cool in the pans 15 minutes, then unmold onto racks. Make the lettuce: Sprinkle some green or white sugar on a cutting board. Roll out the spearmint candies to 1/8 inch thick with a rolling pin, sprinkling with more sugar to keep the candies from  <END>
INPUT: American, rubbed, loin pork chops, Garlic salt, pepper, chili seasoning, BBQ sauce
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chili Rubbed BBQ Pork Chops | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 4 loin pork chops; Garlic salt (recommended: Lawry's); Black pepper; 2 tablespoons chili seasoning (recommended: McCormick's); 1/2 cup BBQ sauce, plus more if desired (recommended: KC Masterpiece); 1 can drained, sliced mangos; 1 can tomatoes with green chilies; 1 lime, cut in half; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 tablespoons fresh cilantro, chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Warm Mango Salsa, recipe follows Preheat broiler. Rinse chops with cold water and pat dry. Place on foil-lined baking sheet and season with garlic salt and pepper. Rub with chili seasoning. Broil 4 minutes per side. Brush with BBQ sauce and broil 1 minute, turn, brush with more BBQ sauce and broil an additional 1 minute. Serve hot. Combine mangos and tomatoes in pan over heat. Squeeze in lime juice. Add salt and pepper to taste. Break up the mangos with a spoon so they are consistent in size with the tomatoes. Heat over medium-low heat for about 5 minutes or unti <END>
INPUT: panko, unsweetened coconut, lime peel, salt, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Coconut Shrimp | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 cup panko (Japanese breadcrumbs)*; 1/2 cup unsweetened shredded coconut**; 2 teaspoons finely grated lime peel; 1 teaspoon salt; 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 2 large eggs; 18 uncooked large shrimp, peeled, deveined, tails left intact; Peanut oil (for frying) | INSTRUCTIONS: Line baking sheet with parchment paper. Mix panko, coconut, lime peel, salt, and pepper in medium shallow bowl. Whisk eggs in another medium bowl to blend. Add shrimp to bowl with beaten eggs and toss to coat. Working with 1 shrimp at a time, remove shrimp from beaten eggs and turn to coat in panko mixture. Place shrimp on prepared baking sheet. DO AHEAD: Can be made 4 hours ahead. Cover and chill. Pour enough peanut oil into large skillet to reach depth of 1/4 inch; heat over medium-high heat. Working in batches, add shrimp to skillet and cook until golden and just opaque in center, about 2 m <END>
INPUT: American, turnovers, pastelillos, granulated sugar, egg
OUTPUT: TITLE: Guava Cheese Turnovers (Guava Pastelillos) | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 (1-pound) package frozen puff pastry, thawed; 1 tablespoon granulated sugar; 1 (8-ounce) package cream cheese, cut into 8 equal pieces; 8 (1 by 1-inch) squares guava paste (about 4 ounces); 1 egg, beaten with 1 teaspoon water; 1/4 cup confectioners' sugar; 1 teaspoon milk; 1/4 teaspoon vanilla extract | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. Sprinkle the sugar on your work surface to prevent the dough from sticking. Roll out each sheet of puff pastry to an 8 by 8-inch square. Using a pizza cutter or sharp knife, cut each sheet into 4 squares. Make the turnovers: Set a pastry square in front of you with 1 of the corners pointing toward you. Place 1 piece of cream cheese diagonally over the center of the bottom of the square. Top with a piece of guava paste. Brush the edges of the square with beaten egg. Fold the upper half of the square over the filling to make a neat triangle. Crimp the edges with a  <END>
INPUT: Italian, cowboy, spaghetti, Salt, virgin olive oil, smoky bacon, sirloin
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cowboy Spaghetti | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound spaghetti; Salt; 1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil, 1 turn of the pan; 3 slices smoky bacon, chopped; 1 pound ground sirloin; 1 medium onion, chopped; 3 to 4 cloves garlic, chopped; Ground black pepper; 2 teaspoons hot sauce, eyeball it; 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce, eyeball it; 1/2 cup beer; 1 (14-ounce) can, chopped or crushed fire roasted tomatoes; 1 (8-ounces) can, tomato sauce; 8 ounces sharp Cheddar; 4 scallions, chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat a pot of water to a boil. Add spaghetti and salt the water. Cook to al dente or with a bite to it. Heat a deep skillet over medium-high heat. Add extra-virgin olive oil and bacon. Brown and crisp bacon, 5 minutes, remove with a slotted spoon. Drain off a little excess fat if necessary. Leave just enough to coat the bottom of the skillet. Add beef and crumble it as it browns, 3 to 4 minutes. Add onions, garlic and stir into meat. Season the meat with salt and pepper, hot sauce and Worcestershire. Add 1/2 cup beer and deglaze the pan. Cook 5 to 6 minutes more then stir in tomatoes and tomat <END>
INPUT: gyros, sauce, virgin olive oil, wine, garlic, bay leaf
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pork Gyros with Yogurt-Tomato Sauce, Red Onion, and Arugula | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 1/4 cup dry red wine; 3 garlic cloves, minced; 1 small bay leaf, crumbled; 1/2 tablespoon (packed) fresh oregano leaves; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 2 1-pound pork tenderloins; 1 1/2 cups plain Greek yogurt or whole-milk yogurt; 2 tablespoons chopped seeded tomato; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh dill; 2 tablespoons drained capers, chopped; 2 garlic cloves, minced; 1 tablespoon tomato paste; 1 tablespoon red wine vinegar | INSTRUCTIONS: For pork: Combine first 7 ingredients in large resealable plastic bag; shake to blend. Add pork to marinade; seal bag. Chill overnight, turning bag occasionally. Combine first 7 ingredients in large resealable plastic bag; shake to blend. Add pork to marinade; seal bag. Chill overnight, turning bag occasionally. For sauce: Stir first 7 ingredients in medium bowl to blend. Season sauce to taste with salt and pepper. Cover and chill until ready to use, up to 1 day. Stir first 7 ingredients in medium bowl to blend. Season sauce to taste with salt and pepper. Cover and chill until ready to use, up <END>
INPUT: salad, hearts palm hearts, avocados, limes, virgin olive oil, paprika
OUTPUT: TITLE: Hearts of Palm Salad and Avocado Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cans hearts of palm or 4 to 6 ounces fresh hearts of palm, cut into 1/2-inch rounds; 6 avocados, peeled and cut into 1/2-inch slices; 2 limes, juiced; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1 teaspoon paprika; Coarse salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Place the hearts of palm and avocado in a large bowl. Drizzle over lime juice and olive oil. Season with paprika, salt and pepper.; <END>
INPUT: maple syrup, coffee, pepper, bacon, unsalted butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Coffee-Glazed Bacon With Eggs | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup maple syrup; 3 tablespoons instant coffee; Freshly ground pepper; 8 slices thick-cut bacon; 4 teaspoons unsalted butter; 8 large eggs; Kosher salt; Buttered toast, for serving | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Set a wire rack on a rimmed baking sheet. Combine the maple syrup, instant coffee, and pepper to taste in a small saucepan over medium heat and cook, stirring, until the coffee dissolves. Remove from the heat. Stir in the bacon until coated. Arrange the bacon on the rack; drizzle with some of the remaining coffee syrup. Bake 20 minutes, then flip and drizzle with the remaining syrup; continue baking until the bacon is dark brown and glazed, about 15 more minutes. Meanwhile, heat 2 teaspoons butter in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Crack 4 eggs into th <END>
INPUT: American, onion, leek, milk, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grits, Cheese, and Onion Soufflés | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons (1/4 stick) butter; 3/4 cup chopped onion; 3/4 cup chopped leek; 1 1/2 cups whole milk, divided; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/3 cup quick-cooking grits; 4 large eggs, separated; 3 green onions, chopped; 1 cup (packed) grated hot pepper Monterey Jack cheese (about 4 ounces), divided | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 425°F. Butter four 1 1/4-cup soufflé dishes. Melt 2 tablespoons butter in large saucepan over medium heat. Add onion and leek; sauté 3 minutes. Mix in 1 1/4 cups whole milk and 1/2 teaspoon salt, then grits; bring to simmer. Reduce heat to low, cover, and cook until thick, stirring occasionally, about 5 minutes. Meanwhile, whisk remaining 1/4 cup milk and yolks in small bowl to blend. Remove grits from heat. Stir in yolk mixture, then green onions and 3/4 cup cheese. Beat whites in medium bowl until stiff but not dry. Fold into grits in 3 additions. Divide mixture among prepare <END>
INPUT: punch, triple sec, brandy, Chambord, unsweetened pineapple juice, ginger ale
OUTPUT: TITLE: Champagne Punch | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup triple sec; 1 cup brandy; 1/2 cup Chambord; 2 cups unsweetened pineapple juice; 1 quart chilled ginger ale; 2 chilled 750-ml. bottles dry Champagne | INSTRUCTIONS: In a bowl combine the triple sec, the brandy, the Chambord, and the pineapple juice and chill the mixture, covered, for at least 4 hours or overnight. In a large punch bowl combine the triple sec mixture, the ginger ale, and the Champagne and add ice cubes.; <END>
INPUT: tuscan, chicken breast tenderloins, Salt pepper, virgin olive oil, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tuscan Chicken | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 pounds boneless, skinless chicken thighs; 1 1/2 pounds chicken breast tenderloins; Salt and pepper; 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 6 cloves garlic, crushed; 3 tablespoons white wine vinegar; 2 tablespoons butter; 2 shallots, chopped; 6 sprigs fresh rosemary, finely chopped; 2 tablespoons flour; 1 cup dry white wine; 2 cups beef broth (yes, beef broth) | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat a large, deep skillet over medium high heat. Season chicken with salt and pepper. Add 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, half the chicken pieces, and a couple of crushed cloves of garlic. Brown chicken 2 minutes on each side and remove from pan. Add remaining oil, another single turn of the pan, remaining chicken pieces and garlic. Brown chicken 2 minutes on each side and remove. Add vinegar to the pan. Let it cook off. Add butter, shallots, and rosemary to the pan and cook 2 minutes, add flour and cook 1 minute more. Whisk in wine, reduce 1 minute. Whisk in broth and bring liquids up  <END>
INPUT: onion, celery, unsalted butter, good quality baguette, celery leaves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sage Stuffing | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 medium onion, coarsely chopped; 2 celery ribs, coarsely chopped; 7 tablespoons unsalted butter, divided; 1 good-quality baguette (1/2 pound), cut into 1-inch cubes (8 cups); 1/3 cup chopped celery leaves; 1 1/2 tablespoons chopped sage; 1 cup turkey stock or reduced-sodium chicken broth; 1 large egg | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 400°F with rack in lower third. Butter a 11/2-qt shallow baking dish or gratin dish. Cook onion and celery in 6 tablespoon butter with 1/2 teaspoon salt and 1/4 teaspoon pepper in a large heavy skillet over medium heat, stirring occasionally, until softened, 8 to 10 minutes. Transfer to a bowl and toss with bread cubes, celery leaves, and sage, then cool 5 minutes. Whisk together stock and egg (if stock is hot, gradually whisk into egg), then toss with bread mixture until absorbed. Transfer to baking dish and dot top with remaining tablespoon butter. Bake, covered with foil, 30 <END>
INPUT: Mexican, whole, soy sauce, ginger, sugar, garlic, jalapeno
OUTPUT: TITLE: Whole Duck Marinated in Soy Sauce-Cilantro-Ginger-Jalapeno-Garlic and Brown Sugar | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 gallons soy sauce; 1 1/2 pounds ginger, cleaned, julienned and diced; 4 cups brown sugar; 20 medium cloves garlic, sliced; 10 slices jalapeno; 1 1/2 bunches fresh cilantro, julienned (not chopped); Two 7-pound ducks | INSTRUCTIONS: Mix together the soy sauce, ginger, sugar, garlic, jalapenos and cilantro in a large container. Submerge the ducks in the marinade and marinate in the refrigerator for 72 hours. Preheat charcoal embers in a gas grill, or prepare an electric grill for indirect/low heat. Remove the ducks from the marinade and spear with metal churrasco swords or large metal skewers. Cook over embers, turning frequently, for 4 hours. <END>
INPUT: wilted, smoked bacon, unsalted butter, mushrooms, baby spinach, Salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Wilted Spinach | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 ounces smoked bacon, sliced; 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, plus 1 1/2 tablespoons; 8 mushrooms, sliced; 12 ounces baby spinach; Salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: In a small pan, cook the bacon until crispy. Remove from pan and set aside. Add 1 tablespoon of the butter in the same pan and saute the mushrooms for 1 to 2 minutes. Add the remaining 1 1/2 tablespoons butter and melt. Add the spinach and cook until it is wilted. Return bacon to the pan and heat through. Adjust seasoning, to taste, with salt and pepper. Keep warm until ready to serve. <END>
INPUT: cornbread, all purpose flour, cornmeal, sugar, baking powder, kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cheddar Dill Cornbread | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 cups all-purpose flour; 1 cup yellow cornmeal; 1/4 cup sugar; 2 tablespoons baking powder; 2 teaspoons kosher salt; 2 cups milk; 3 extra-large eggs, lightly beaten; 1/2 pound (2 sticks) unsalted butter, melted, plus extra to grease the pan; 8 ounces aged extra-sharp Cheddar, grated, divided; 1 cup minced fresh dill | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine the flour, cornmeal, sugar, baking powder, and salt in a large bowl. In separate bowl, combine the milk, eggs, and butter. With a wooden spoon, stir the wet ingredients into the dry until most of the lumps are dissolved. Don't overmix! Mix in 2 cups of the grated Cheddar and the dill, and allow the mixture to sit at room temperature for 20 minutes. Meanwhile, preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Grease a 9 by 13 by 2-inch baking pan. Pour the batter into the prepared pan, smooth the top, and sprinkle with the remaining grated Cheddar. Bake for 30 to 35 minutes, or until a toothpick comes <END>
INPUT: parfait, crumble, graham crackers, all purpose flour, kosher salt, granulated sugar, unsalted butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Peach Parfait With Salted Graham Cracker Crumble | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 5 graham crackers, finely crushed; 1/3 cup all-purpose flour; 1 teaspoon kosher salt; 1/4 cup plus 1 teaspoon granulated sugar; 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, plus 2 tablespoons room temperature; 2 ripe peaches, cut into 1/3-inch wedges; 2 tablespoons light brown sugar; 1 tablespoon plus 1 teaspoon fresh lemon juice; 1 cup fresh raspberries; 1 cup heavy cream | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 325°F. Pulse graham cracker crumbs, flour, salt, and 1/4 cup granulated sugar in a food processor until finely ground. Transfer to a medium bowl and add melted butter; mix until a few large clumps form. Spread out crumble on a rimmed baking sheet and bake, shaking once, until golden, 12–15 minutes. Let cool. Meanwhile, toss peaches, brown sugar, and 1 Tbsp. lemon juice in a medium bowl. Heat remaining 2 Tbsp. butter in a large skillet over medium; cook peaches, tossing often, until sugar is dissolved and peaches are soft, about 5 minutes. Let cool slightly. Mash raspberries wit <END>
INPUT: sweetened, onion, virgin olive oil, split peas, water, Turkish California bay
OUTPUT: TITLE: Split Peas with Honey-Sweetened Eggplant | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 large red onion, finely chopped (2 cups); 2/3 cup extra-virgin olive oil (preferably Greek); 1 lb yellow split peas (2 1/4 cups), picked over, rinsed well, and drained; 6 cups water; 1 Turkish or 1/2 California bay leaf; 2 teaspoons salt; 1/4 cup fresh lemon juice; 1/2 lb eggplant, cut into 1/2-inch cubes (3 1/2 cups); 1 1/4 teaspoons salt; 2 large tomatoes; 6 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil (preferably Greek) plus additional for drizzling; 2 medium onions, coarsely chopped; 2 garlic cloves, minced; 1 teaspoon mild honey; 1 tablespoon drained bottled small capers (in brine), rinsed | INSTRUCTIONS: Make purée: Cook onion in 1/3 cup oil in a 4- to 5-quart heavy pot over moderately low heat, stirring occasionally, until softened, about 8 minutes. Add split peas and stir until well coated, then stir in water and bay leaf. Increase heat to moderately high and bring to a boil, then reduce heat and slowly simmer, partially covered, stirring occasionally, until mixture is soupy, about 1 hour. Stir in salt and continue to cook, stirring more frequently as purée thickens, until water is absorbed and mixture is the consistency of creamy mashed potatoes, 30 minutes to 1 hour more. Remove from heat  <END>
INPUT: francese, shrimp, eggs, Kosher salt pepper, parsley, Pure olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Shrimp Francese | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/4 pounds extra-large shrimp, peeled and deveined (about 20 shrimp); 4 large eggs; Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper; 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh parsley; Pure olive oil, for frying; 1 1/2 cups all-purpose flour; 2/3 cup low-sodium chicken broth; 3/4 cup dry white wine; Juice of 1 1/2 lemons; 1 cup cherry tomatoes, halved; 4 tablespoons cold unsalted butter, cut into small pieces; Two 5-ounce packages baby spinach | INSTRUCTIONS: Butterfly the shrimp: Make a deep cut along the outer curved edge, then spread open like a book. Pat dry. Whisk the eggs with 1 teaspoon salt, 1/2 teaspoon pepper and 1 tablespoon parsley in a bowl. Heat about 1/8 inch olive oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Put the flour in a shallow bowl. Working in batches, dredge the shrimp in the flour, dip in the egg mixture and add to the skillet cut-side down; fry, turning, until lightly browned, about 3 minutes. Transfer to paper towels to drain. Pour out any oil from the skillet and wipe clean. Add the broth, wine and lemon juice and brin <END>
INPUT: dorade, burst, pine nuts, cherry tomatoes, olive oil, Kosher salt, golden raisins
OUTPUT: TITLE: Dorade With Potatoes and Burst Tomato Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons pine nuts; 1 pint cherry tomatoes; 3 tablespoons olive oil, divided; Kosher salt; 3 tablespoons golden raisins; 1 garlic clove, finely grated; 1/4 cup chopped mint; 3 tablespoons drained capers; 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar; 1/2 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes; 2 pounds small waxy potatoes; Kosher salt; 1 lemon, thinly sliced, seeds removed; 4 sprigs mint; 2 garlic cloves, thinly sliced | INSTRUCTIONS: Make the tomato sauce: Preheat oven to 350°F. Toast pine nuts on a rimmed baking sheet, tossing once, until golden brown, about 4 minutes. Let cool. Toss tomatoes and 1 Tbsp. oil on another baking sheet; season with salt. Roast until softened, 25–30 minutes; let cool slightly. Meanwhile, place raisins in a medium bowl and pour in boiling water to cover. Let sit until plump and softened, 8–10 minutes. Drain and return to bowl. Add pine nuts, garlic, mint, capers, vinegar, red pepper flakes, and remaining 2 Tbsp. oil to raisins and mix well. Gently mix in tomatoes; season with salt. Preheat oven <END>
INPUT: Salt, olive oil, vine ripened tomatoes, homemade bread crumbs
OUTPUT: TITLE: Stuffed Eggplant | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 8 small (4-inch long) or 4 medium size eggplants; Salt; 1/2 cup olive oil; 8 vine-ripened tomatoes, seeded and finely chopped; 2 cups homemade fresh white bread crumbs; 12 ounces chopped peeled and deveined shrimp; 2 garlic cloves, minced; 1/2 cup pitted cracked green olives; 8 anchovies, chopped; 1/4 cup drained and rinsed capers, chopped; Freshly ground black pepper; 1/2 cup (packed) flat leaf parsley, chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: Cut the eggplants in half lengthwise and remove the inside flesh to create boat-like shells. Chop the eggplant flesh, sprinkle with some salt and place in a colander for 30 minutes. Sprinkle inside of eggplant shell with some salt, turn them upside down on towels to drain. (During these 30 minutes, chop and prepare the other ingredients.) Squeeze the chopped eggplant to remove excess water. Heat 1/3 cup of the olive oil in a large skillet. Add the chopped eggplant and saute until eggplant is browned. Add the tomatoes and, over high heat, cook the mixture until the liquid has evaporated. Add th <END>
INPUT: battered, sandwiches, bread, Peanut butter, banana, All purpose flour, Panko bread crumbs
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tempura Battered Peanut Butter and Banana Sandwiches | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 8 slices bread; Peanut butter; 1 banana, thinly sliced; All-purpose flour; Panko bread crumbs; Tempura Batter Mix, store-bought; Canola oil; Honey | INSTRUCTIONS: Cut the crusts off each slice of bread. Smear some peanut butter on 1 side of the bread slices. Put some of the sliced bananas on top of the peanut butter and cover with another slice of bread to make a sandwich. In a deep-fryer or heavy-bottomed pot, heat enough canola oil to come halfway up the sides of the pot, to 350 degrees F.Put the panko crumbs in a wide shallow bowl. Prepare the tempura batter according to the package directions. Dip a sandwich in the batter, then roll it in panko crumbs, and deep-fry until golden brown. Repeat with the remaining sandwiches. Cool and drizzle with your  <END>
INPUT: gravy, pkg. Jimmy Dean®, flour, milk, Salt pepper taste
OUTPUT: TITLE: Easy Sausage Gravy and Biscuits | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: can (16 ounces) refrigerated jumbo buttermilk biscuits (8 biscuits); pkg. Jimmy Dean® Original Hearty Pork Sausage Crumbles; 1/4 cup flour; 2-1/2 cups milk; Salt and ground black pepper to taste | INSTRUCTIONS: Bake biscuits according to package directions. Meanwhile, cook sausage in large skillet over medium heat 5-6 minutes or until thoroughly heated, stirring frequently. Stir in flour. Gradually add milk; cook until mixture comes to a boil and thickens, stirring constantly. Reduce heat to medium-low; simmer 2 minutes, stirring constantly. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Split biscuits in half. Place 2 halves on each of 8 plates; top with about 1/3 cup gravy. <END>
INPUT: black, leg lamb, onion, carrots, beef broth, Guinness Stout
OUTPUT: TITLE: Leg of Lamb "Black and Tan" | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 6 1/4-pound leg of lamb, boned, butterflied, trimmed of excess fat and sinew (reserve bone and trimmings for sauce)*; 1 small onion, chopped; 3/4 cup chopped peeled carrots; 1 1/2 cups beef broth; 1/2 cup Guinness Extra Stout; 1/2 cup Harp lager beer; 2 tablespoons honey mustard; Disposable 11 3/4x8 1/2x1 1/4-inch aluminum baking pan; 1/3 cup balsamic vinegar; 1 tablespoon granulated garlic; 3 tablespoons lemon pepper seasoning; 2 tablespoons (1/4 stick) chilled butter, cut into 4 cubes; 1 teaspoon (or more) honey | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350°F. Arrange lamb bone, trimmings, onion, and carrots in roasting pan. Roast until browned, stirring occasionally, about 1 hour. Pour off fat and discard lamb bone from roasting pan. Place roasting pan over 2 burners; add broth and bring to boil, scraping up any browned bits. Strain into medium saucepan; discard solids in strainer. Add stout, lager, and mustard; boil until reduced to 3/4 cup, about 5 minutes. Do ahead: Can be made 1 day ahead. Cover and refrigerate. Rewarm before finishing sauce. Remove top rack from grill. Place disposable aluminum baking pan in center of ba <END>
INPUT: American, morningstar, farmsandreg, Garden Veggie Patties®, slice provolone cheese, reduced fat mayonnaise, curry powder, slice tomato
OUTPUT: TITLE: Morningstar Farmsandreg; Garden Veggie Deluxe Burger | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 Garden Veggie Patties® Veggie Burgers; 1 slice provolone cheese (about 3/4 ounce); 1 tablespoon reduced-fat mayonnaise or mayonnaise; 1/8 teaspoon curry powder; 1 slice tomato; 1 slice red onion; 2 rings green bell pepper; 1 whole-wheat hamburger bun, split | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. Cook veggie burger according to package directions. Top hot burger with cheese slice. Let stand for 1 minute or until cheese melts. 2. Meanwhile, in small bowl, stir together mayonnaise and curry powder. Spread on bun bottom. Top with burger, tomato slice, red onion, bell pepper and bun top. ON THE GRILL: Preheat grill Use a food thermometer to be sure patties reach minimum internal temperature of 165 degrees F. ®, ™, ©, 2010 Kellogg NA Co. Morningstar Farms Recipes are the property of the Kellogg Company. This recipe has been tested and endorsed by Kellogg and Morningstar Farms®. <END>
INPUT: Asian, mushrooms, Oriental sesame oil, vegetable oil, scallion greens
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sesame Mushrooms | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 pound mushrooms, sliced thin; 2 teaspoons Oriental sesame oil; 1 teaspoon vegetable oil; 2 tablespoons thinly sliced scallion greens | INSTRUCTIONS: In a heavy skillet cook the mushrooms in the oils over moderate heat, stirring frequently, for 6 to 8 minutes, or until the liquid they give off is evaporated and they are golden. Stir in 1 tablespoon water, the scallion greens, and salt and pepper to taste and cook the mixture, stirring, for 1 minute. In a heavy skillet cook the mushrooms in the oils over moderate heat, stirring frequently, for 6 to 8 minutes, or until the liquid they give off is evaporated and they are golden. Stir in 1 tablespoon water, the scallion greens, and salt and pepper to taste and cook the mixture, stirring, for 1  <END>
INPUT: Asian, homemade mayonnaise, lime juice, soy sauce, wasabi paste, ginger
OUTPUT: TITLE: Soy Wasabi Mayonnaise | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup homemade or store-bought mayonnaise; 2 tablespoons lime juice; 2 teaspoons soy sauce; 1 teaspoon wasabi paste; 1 teaspoon grated ginger | INSTRUCTIONS: In a medium bowl mix the mayonnaise, lime juice, soy sauce, wasabi paste and ginger, until well combined. <END>
INPUT: sage leaves, lemon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Rose Wine with Sage and Lemon | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 (750-ml) bottle rose wine; 8 fresh sage leaves, bruised; 1 lemon, zested | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine the wine, sage, and lemon zest in a clear glass container. Cover and let stand at room temperature for 1 day. Strain the wine into a pitcher and discard the solids. Cover the wine and refrigerate until cold. <END>
INPUT: Italian, linguine, olive oil, garlic, anchovy fillets, hot cherry peppers
OUTPUT: TITLE: Linguine with Anchovy Hot Peppers | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound linguine; 1 cup olive oil; 4 cloves garlic, minced; 6 anchovy fillets; 5 hot cherry peppers, seeded and sliced; 1 tablespoon chopped parsley; Salt and pepper, to taste | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook linguine in a large pot with salted water until al dente. While pasta is cooking, heat oil in a medium saute pan. Add garlic, anchovy, and cherry peppers. Saute until garlic is golden brown. Remove from heat. Drain pasta, saving about 1/2 cup of the water. Add pasta back into pot. Place over medium heat. Add garlic mixture and the reserved water. Mix well over heat for 1 minute. Remove and place in a bowl. Sprinkle with parsley and salt and pepper, to taste. <END>
INPUT: pastor, salt, pineapple chunks, achiote paste, granulated garlic, pork butt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pork Al Pastor | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons salt; 2/3 cup fresh pineapple chunks; 3/4 cup achiote paste; 1/4 cup granulated garlic; 7 pounds boneless pork butt | INSTRUCTIONS: Puree the salt, pineapple, achiote and garlic in a blender until a thick paste forms, adding up to 1/4 cup water if necessary. Trim and remove most of the fat from the pork butt. Slice and then dice the trimmed meat and mix with half the puree. Place in the fridge and let sit for 24 hours. Before cooking the pork, rub the puree into the meat, adding more if necessary. Add to a skillet and cook over medium heat until the meat is cooked through and browned, 6 to 10 minutes. Serve in tacos, over rice and beans or on potatoes. <END>
INPUT: Italian, soup, farro, olive oil, onion, carrot, celery
OUTPUT: TITLE: Farro Soup with Kale and Cannellini | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup farro, picked over and rinsed; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1 large onion, diced; 1 medium carrot, diced; 2 stalks celery, diced; 3 cloves garlic, minced; 1 cup dried cannellini beans, soaked overnight in ample water to cover; 1 can (15 ounces) diced tomatoes, with liquid; 1 teaspoon salt, plus more to taste; 1 bunch kale (about 14 ounces); 1/2 cup chopped fresh basil or parsley; 1/4 cup Parmesan cheese; Freshly ground pepper to taste | INSTRUCTIONS: Set the farro in a large bowl or spouted glass measuring cup and add ample cold water to cover. Set aside while you cook the beans. Heat 1 tablespoon of the oil in a large, heavy pot over medium­high heat. Stir in the onion, carrot, and celery. Cook until the onion softens, about 3 minutes. Add the garlic and continue to cook until the onion is lightly browned, a few minutes more. Drain the cannellini beans and add them to the pot. Add 8 cups of water. Bring the liquid to a boil, then cover the pot and simmer until the beans are almost tender, 40 to 60 minutes (depending on age and storage con <END>
INPUT: American, sandwich, oranges, bourbon, maraschino cherry juice, pepper, unsalted butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Hanger Steak Sandwich with Bourbon Creamed Spinach | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 oranges, peels removed in large strips and reserved; 1 cup bourbon; 2 tablespoons maraschino cherry juice; Freshly ground black pepper; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 2 pounds hanger steak; Kosher salt and cracked black pepper; Vegetable oil; Bourbon Creamed Spinach, recipe follows; 4 pretzel rolls, buttered and griddled; 1 small red onion, sliced and soaked in ice water for 15 minutes; Two 10-ounce boxes frozen spinach, thawed; 3 tablespoons unsalted butter; 2 cloves garlic, minced; 1 small yellow onion, finely chopped, about 1 cup | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. For the glaze: Add the orange peel, bourbon, cherry juice and some black pepper to a small saucepan. Simmer until reduced to 1/4 cup, about 10 minutes. Your pot may flambe from the bourbon, don't worry- just wait until the alcohol burns off. Once reduced, turn off the heat and whisk in the butter. Sprinkle the steak liberally with salt and pepper. Heat a cast-iron pan over medium-high heat. Add a light coat of oil and place the steak in the pan. Cook the steak almost to desired doneness, depending on thickness, 3 to 5 minutes per side. Turn off the heat and glaze <END>
INPUT: scandinavian, salad, mayonnaise, dill, Dijon mustard, lemon juice, size shrimp
OUTPUT: TITLE: Scandinavian Shrimp Salad with Dill and Cornichons | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/3 cup mayonnaise; 1/4 cup chopped fresh dill; 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard; 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice; 1 pound cooked peeled medium-size shrimp; 1 cup thinly sliced halved English hothouse cucumber; 1/3 cup sliced cornichons (gherkins); 8 butter lettuce leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: Whisk mayonnaise, chopped dill, Dijon mustard, and lemon juice in medium bowl. Add shrimp, cucumber, and cornichons and toss to coat. Season generously with salt and pepper. Nestle 2 lettuce leaves on each of 4 plates. Mound shrimp salad in leaves, dividing equally, and serve. Whisk mayonnaise, chopped dill, Dijon mustard, and lemon juice in medium bowl. Add shrimp, cucumber, and cornichons and toss to coat. Season generously with salt and pepper. Nestle 2 lettuce leaves on each of 4 plates. Mound shrimp salad in leaves, dividing equally, and serve. <END>
INPUT: Asian, sauce, coconut oil, ginger, fennel seeds, cardamom seeds, mustard seeds
OUTPUT: TITLE: Salmon with Coconut Sauce | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 4 tablespoons coconut oil, divided; 1 tablespoon finely chopped ginger; 1 teaspoon fennel seeds; 1 teaspoon cardamom seeds; 1 teaspoon brown mustard seeds; 1 tablespoon ground coriander, plus 1/2 teaspoon to season salmon; 1/4 cup to 1/2 cup chopped tomatoes; 1 cup coconut milk; Pinch salt and freshly ground pepper; 2 (6-ounce) salmon fillets | INSTRUCTIONS: For the sauce: Put 2 tablespoons coconut oil into a large skillet over low-med heat and then add ginger. Saute for 30 seconds and then the fennel seeds, cardamom seeds, brown mustard, seeds and ground coriander; cook for 10 seconds. Add the tomatoes and cook for 3 minutes, stirring well. Pour in the coconut milk and simmer for about 15 minutes, until sauce is thickened. Taste for seasoning and add salt and pepper, if necessary. For the salmon: Heat the remaining 2 tablespoons coconut oil in a nonstick skillet over medium-high heat. When it is hot, season the salmon fillets with 1/2 teaspoon gr <END>
INPUT: American, frittata, zucchini, purple onion, butter, Kosher salt pepper, eggs
OUTPUT: TITLE: Zucchini and Goat Cheese Frittata | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 small zucchini; 1/2 small purple onion, thinly sliced; 3 tablespoons butter; Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper; 10 eggs, well beaten with 2 tablespoons water (can be done with hand mixer or in blender); 4 ounces goat cheese | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Slice the zucchini lengthwise in half and cut each half into very thin half moon shapes. Melt the butter in a large (preferably nonstick) skillet over medium-high heat. Saute the onion and then add the zucchini. Season with salt and pepper, to taste, and cook just until slightly tender, about 3 to 4 minutes. Spread the onion and zucchini evenly over the bottom of the pan and top with the beaten eggs. Season with salt and pepper, to taste, and allow it to cook until just starting to set at edges. Crumble the goat cheese evenly ov <END>
INPUT: sauce, virgin olive oil, balsamic vinegar, capers, Italian parsley, lemon peel
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Veal Chops and Radicchio with Lemon-Caper Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, divided; 1 1/2 tablespoons white balsamic vinegar; 1 1/2 tablespoons drained capers; 1 1/2 tablespoons chopped fresh Italian parsley; 1 1/4 teaspoons finely grated lemon peel; 1 small garlic clove, minced; 2 8- to 9-ounce veal rib chops (each about 3/4 inch thick); 6 radicchio leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: Whisk 3 tablespoons olive oil and next 5 ingredients in small bowl to blend. Season sauce to taste with salt and pepper. DO AHEAD Can be made 2 hours ahead. Let stand at room temperature. Prepare barbecue (medium-high heat) or heat heavy large skillet over medium-high heat. Brush veal chops with remaining 1 tablespoon olive oil; sprinkle with salt and pepper. Place veal chops on grill or in skillet and cook to desired doneness, about 6 minutes per side for medium. Transfer to platter. Brush radicchio lightly with some of sauce. Place leaves on grill or in batches in skillet and cook just until <END>
INPUT: goddess, dressing, peas, soy milk, lemon juice, garlic, mint
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fennel Salad with Soy Green Goddess Dressing | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 10 ounces green peas, fresh or frozen; 1/2 cup soy milk; 2 tablespoons lemon juice; 2 garlic cloves, minced; 3 sprigs of mint; 6 leaves fresh basil, chopped; Salt and pepper to taste; 1 fennel bulb, sliced; 1 medium cucumber, peeled, seeded, and sliced; 4 scallions, white and tender green parts, chopped; 2 cups shredded carrots; 1 pound mixed salad greens, washed and spun dry; 1 cup soy sprouts; 1 cup roasted soy nuts | INSTRUCTIONS: In a food processor or blender, puree the peas, soy milk, lemon juice, garlic, mint, basil, salt, and pepper. Chill. In a bowl, combine the fennel, cucumber, scallions, carrots, and greens. Toss the dressing with the salad. Sprinkle the soy sprouts and soy nuts over the salad. Serve immediately. <END>
INPUT: American, zing, zang, virgin olive oil, garlic, onion, Italian seasoning, thyme leaves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Zing Zang Flank Steak | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: Extra-virgin olive oil; 2 cloves garlic, minced; 1 small onion, sliced; 1 teaspoon Italian seasoning; 1 teaspoon fresh thyme leaves; 3 medium peperoncino Calabrese peppers (dried hot red peppers in oil); Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper; One 1 1/2 pound flank steak; 1 Roma tomato, thinly sliced; 1/4 cup panko breadcrumbs; 1/2 cup shredded provolone; 1/4 cup fresh basil leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: Set a large saute pan over medium-high heat. Coat with some olive oil and add the garlic, onions, Italian seasoning and thyme. Thinly slice the Calabrese peppers and fold into the onion mixture. Season with some salt and pepper and saute until well caramelized, 7 to 8 minutes. Set aside to cool. Trim the steak of any excess fat and remove any tough silver skin with the tip of a knife. Place the steak vertically on a clean cutting board (so the grain runs up and down). Using a sharp knife, make a flat cut down one side of the piece of meat and cut it open parallel to the board so you can open t <END>
INPUT: buttered, canola oil, all purpose flour, cornmeal, bread crumbs, Italian seasoning
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fried Pork Chops with Buttered Beans | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup canola oil; 1/2 cup all-purpose flour; 1/4 cup cornmeal; 1/4 cup bread crumbs; 1 1/2 teaspoons Italian seasoning; 1 teaspoon garlic powder; 1 teaspoon paprika; 1/4 teaspoon cayenne pepper; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 6 pork chops, loin end (about 3 pounds); 4 tablespoons butter, divided; 1 thick slices deli ham (1/8 pound), diced; 1 medium onion, chopped; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 3 (15-ounce) cans butter beans | INSTRUCTIONS: In a heavy-bottomed skillet heat the canola oil over medium-high heat. In a shallow baking dish or pie plate combine the flour with cornmeal, bread crumbs, Italian seasoning, garlic powder, paprika, cayenne, salt and pepper, to taste. Put the pork chops into the flour mixture coating completely and shaking off excess. Fry in hot oil until golden brown on both sides and cooked through, about 3 to 4 minutes on each side. Remove the chops from oil and drain on a sheet pan lined with a brown paper bag. Reserve 2 chops for Round 2 Pork Parmesan recipe. In a large skillet, melt 2 tablespoons of butt <END>
INPUT: American, peppered, honey, pepper, figs, soft goat cheese
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fresh Figs with Goat Cheese and Peppered Honey | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup honey; 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 12 fresh figs; 1/4 cup soft fresh goat cheese | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine honey and pepper in small pitcher; stir to blend. Starting at stem end, cut each fig into quarters, stopping 1/2 inch from bottom to leave base intact. Gently press figs open. Spoon 1 teaspoon cheese into center of each. Arrange figs on platter; drizzle with peppered honey. Combine honey and pepper in small pitcher; stir to blend. Starting at stem end, cut each fig into quarters, stopping 1/2 inch from bottom to leave base intact. Gently press figs open. Spoon 1 teaspoon cheese into center of each. Arrange figs on platter; drizzle with peppered honey. <END>
INPUT: American, bull, steaks, trimmed chain section, olive oil, Kosher salt, pepper, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chain of Bull Cheese Steaks | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 trimmed chain section from a beef tenderloin, approximately 6 to 8 ounces*; 2 teaspoons olive oil, divided; Kosher salt; Freshly ground black pepper; 1 medium onion, julienned; 2 hoagie rolls; 2 ounces grated Mimolette cheese | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook's Note: *Add any leftovers scraps from other parts of the tenderloin that you like Remove the beef from the refrigerator 1 hour before cooking. Preheat a grill pan over high heat. Lightly pound the chain with a smooth meat mallet until it is even thickness throughout. Toss the meat with 1 teaspoon olive oil and season with salt and pepper. Once the grill pan is hot, place the chain on the pan and cook on both sides until cooked through, approximately 3 to 4 minutes per side. If necessary, cut the chain in half or thirds to fit on the pan. Remove the chain from the grill and wrap in alumin <END>
INPUT: Italian, crusted, all purpose flour, Salt pepper, milk
OUTPUT: TITLE: Parmesan-Crusted Chicken with Creamy Honey-Mustard Dip | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: Cooking spray; 1/3 cup all-purpose flour; Salt and ground black pepper; 1 pound boneless, skinless chicken breasts cut lengthwise into 1/2-inch wide strips; 1/3 cup milk; 1/3 cup grated Parmesan; 1/2 cup quick-cooking oats; 3/4 teaspoon garlic powder; 3/4 teaspoon onion powder; 1/2 teaspoon dried oregano; 1/2 cup sour cream, regular or low-fat; 2 teaspoons Dijon mustard; 2 teaspoons honey | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. Coat a large baking sheet with cooking spray. In a shallow dish, combine flour and 1/2 teaspoon each salt and black pepper. Add chicken to flour mixture and turn to coat. Place milk in a separate shallow dish. In a third shallow dish or resealable plastic bag, combine parmesan, oats, garlic powder, onion powder, and oregano. Dip chicken into flour and turn to coat. Dip flour-coated chicken into milk and then transfer chicken to oat mixture. Turn to coat chicken (or shake bag) until well covered with oat mixture. Place chicken on prepared baking sheet and spray th <END>
INPUT: wine, apricot jam, bay leaf, cinnamon, kumquats
OUTPUT: TITLE: Glazed Smoked Duck with Candied Kumquats | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup dry white wine; 1 cup apricot jam; 1 bay leaf; 2 cinnamon sticks, broken in half; 1 1/3 cups kumquats, stemmed, quartered, seeded; 2 teaspoons Grand Marnier; 3 cups arugula; 2 6-ounce smoked duck breasts, each cut into 15 thin slices | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine first 4 ingredients in saucepan over medium-high heat. Bring to boil; add kumquats. Simmer until kumquats are tender and liquid is syrupy, about 15 minutes. Remove from heat; stir in Grand Marnier. Season with salt and pepper. (Can be made 1 week ahead. Cool, cover, and chill. Rewarm over low heat before continuing.) Strain glaze into small bowl. Discard cinnamon and bay leaf; reserve candied kumquats and glaze separately. Divide arugula among plates. Top each with 5 duck slices; brush with glaze. Place 1 kumquat quarter on each duck slice. Combine first 4 ingredients in saucepan over  <END>
INPUT: Indian, spiced, peanut oil, onion, lentils, ginger, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spiced Red Lentil Dal | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons peanut oil; 1 large onion, chopped; 1 cup dried red lentils, washed and picked over; 2 tablespoons minced fresh ginger; 3 cloves garlic, minced (1 tablespoon); 1 tablespoon mustard seeds; 2 cloves; 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; Salt; 2 tablespoons cold butter, optional; Chopped fresh cilantro leaves, for serving | INSTRUCTIONS: Put oil in a skillet over medium-high heat; when it is hot, add onion and cook until soft, about 10 minutes; set aside. Meanwhile, combine the lentils, ginger, garlic, mustard seeds, cloves, and 1 teaspoon pepper in a saucepan. Add water to cover by about 1 inch, and bring to a boil. Adjust heat so mixture bubbles gently, and cook, stirring occasionally and adding water if necessary, until lentils are tender, 15 to 20 minutes. Sprinkle with salt and more pepper and keep cooking to desired tenderness. Lentils should be saucy but not soupy. Remove cloves from pan and add reserved sauteed onion.  <END>
INPUT: Italian, summer, lasagna, eggplant, Salt, eggs, plain bread crumbs, Parmesan
OUTPUT: TITLE: Summer Eggplant Lasagna | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 eggplant; Salt; 2 eggs, beaten with 1 teaspoon water; 1 1/2 cups plain bread crumbs; 1 cup grated Parmesan; Freshly ground black pepper; 2 tablespoons dried oregano; 2 tablespoons dried parsley leaves; 2 tablespoons garlic powder; Olive oil, for frying; 1 or 2 tablespoons butter, depending on taste; 1/2 cup red wine vinegar; 1 cup olive oil; Scant 1/4 cup chopped peppadew peppers; 2 tablespoons sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: Peel and slice the eggplant and salt it in a colander. Cover with paper towels and a tea kettle that is full and heavy. Let stand for about 1 hour until moisture is released. This first step is very important to remove any bitterness. Batter the eggplant by dipping first in beaten eggs, then in bread crumbs seasoned with salt, pepper, oregano, parsley, and garlic powder. (If you need to use store bought seasoned bread crumbs omit salt and pepper.) In a deep sided fry pan heat the olive oil to 350 degrees F. Add a little butter (for flavor) and fry the eggplant in batches until golden brown. Dr <END>
INPUT: popovers, caraway seeds, Gruyere, eggs, milk, water
OUTPUT: TITLE: Gruyere Caraway Popovers | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 teaspoon caraway seeds, freshly ground or smashed, plus more whole, for the centers; 1/2 cup coarsely grated Gruyere (about 2 ounces); 2 large eggs; 3/4 cup milk; 1/4 cup water; 1 tablespoon melted butter; 1 cup minus 2 tablespoons all-purpose flour; 1/2 teaspoon salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F. Generously grease 6 (2/3-cup) popover tins or 9 (1/2-cup) muffin tins. In a bowl whisk together eggs, milk, and water and add butter in a stream, whisking. Add flour and salt and whisk mixture until combined well but still slightly lumpy. Whisk ground caraway seeds into batter. Divide half of batter among tins and sprinkle 1/4 cup Gruyere and whole caraway seeds over popovers. Then top with the remainder of batter. Bake popovers in lower 1/3 of oven for 45 minutes. Cut a slit about 1/2-inch long on top of each popover with a small sharp knife and bake 10 minutes  <END>
INPUT: salad, bacon, asparagus, balsamic vinegar, Dijon mustard, virgin olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Asparagus, Bacon, and Frisée Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 5 slices bacon (about 1/4 pound); 1/2 pound asparagus; 1 1/2 tablespoons balsamic vinegar; 1/2 teaspoon Dijon mustard; 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1/2 head frisée (French curly endive) or 1/4 head chicory (curly endive) | INSTRUCTIONS: In a skillet cook bacon over moderate heat until crisp. Drain bacon on paper towels and crumble. Trim asparagus and in a saucepan of boiling salted water cook until crisp-tender, about 4 minutes. In a colander drain asparagus and refresh under cold water. Cut asparagus into 1/2-inch-thick pieces, leaving about 2 inches of tops intact. In a large bowl whisk together vinegar, mustard, and salt and pepper to taste and add oil in a stream, whisking until emulsified. Tear frisée or chicory into bite-size pieces and add to dressing with asparagus and bacon. Toss salad to combine. In a skillet cook b <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, salad, grape tomatoes, onion, good wine vinegar, good olive oil, kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tomato Feta Salad | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 4 pints grape tomatoes, red or mixed colors; 1 1/2 cups small-diced red onion (2 onions); 1/4 cup good white wine vinegar; 6 tablespoons good olive oil; 1 tablespoon kosher salt; 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 1/4 cup chopped fresh basil leaves; 1/4 cup chopped fresh parsley leaves; 1 1/2 pounds feta cheese | INSTRUCTIONS: Cut the tomatoes in half and place them in a large bowl. Add the onion, vinegar, olive oil, salt, pepper, basil, and parsley and toss well. Dice the feta in 1/2- to 3/4-inch cubes, crumbling it as little as possible. Gently fold it into the salad and serve at room temperature. <END>
INPUT: American, grill, seafood, butter, olive oil, pineapple, jalapenos
OUTPUT: TITLE: Jazz on the Grill: Seafood BBQ | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 pounds seafood; 1/4 cup butter, melted; 1/4 cup olive oil; 1/2 cup finely chopped pineapple; 1/4 cup seeded and finely chopped jalapenos; 1/4 cup honey; Green leaf lettuce; *Jazz Honey-Jalapeno Sauce can be used instead of the pineapple, jalapenos, and honey | INSTRUCTIONS: Select the fish you like to eat, Jazz is great on them all however, be sure your selection is suitable for the grill. Some fish grill better than others, if you're unsure, ask your butcher. Excellent selections are salmon, bass, halibut, mahimahi, yellowtail, and lingcod. Heat the grill on high. Combine the butter and olive oil in a bowl and set aside. Combine the pineapple, jalapeno, and honey. Brush a mix of melted butter and olive oil onto the fillet or fish steak before placing it in the grill. This will cause the flames to rise up, searing in the juices. Brush more of this mixture on the  <END>
INPUT: American, course, Soft goat cheese, Aged goat cheese, Teleme, Camembert, Gorgonzola
OUTPUT: TITLE: The Ultimate Cheese Course | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: Soft goat cheese; Aged goat cheese; Teleme; Camembert; Gorgonzola; Parmigiano-Reggiano; 1 loaf walnut bread or other dark, dense bread | INSTRUCTIONS: Lavender Honey drizzled over pungent Stilton or creamy Point Reyes Blue Cheese is surprisingly well-matched. The crumbly sweetness of biscotti with big cheeses and red wine is a wonderful flavor combination. Serve candied almonds or other candied nuts for an accompaniment with a sweet, salty crunch. The most elegant thing you can serve with a cheese course is a bowl full of warm pistachios...to occupy hand and mouth while you're sitting around the table talking with friends and finishing that great bottle of red wine. If serving Parmigiano-Reggiano, drizzle with a couple of drops of aged balsa <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, soft, golden beets, dill, virgin olive oil, kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Orzo with Beets, Olives, Feta, and Soft-Boiled Eggs | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 2 medium golden beets, peeled, cut into 1/8"-thick matchsticks (about 1 1/2 cups); 2/3 cup finely chopped fresh dill; 2/3 cup pitted, chopped black olives; 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil, plus more to taste; 1 teaspoon kosher salt, plus more to taste; 1 pound orzo; 6 large eggs; Coarsely ground black pepper; 6 ounces feta, crumbled (about 1 1/2 cups) | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine beets, dill, olives, 1/4 cup oil, and 1 tsp. salt in a large bowl. Cook orzo in a large pot of boiling salted water according to package directions, adding eggs 6 minutes before orzo is done. Transfer eggs to a large bowl of ice water to cool, then peel and halve. Drain orzo, reserving 1 cup pasta cooking liquid, and add to beet mixture. Stir vigorously and add pasta cooking liquid and oil as needed to fully coat. Season with salt and pepper. Transfer pasta to a serving bowl or platter and top with eggs and feta. Serve immediately or at room temperature. Combine beets, dill, olives, 1/ <END>
INPUT: American, Quiche Pastry, all purpose flour, Salt, ice water
OUTPUT: TITLE: Goat Cheese Quiche with Prosciutto | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: Quiche Pastry; 2 cups all-purpose flour, sifted; Salt; 8 ounces (2 sticks) cold butter, cubed; 1/4 to 1/2 cup ice water; Quiche Filling; 3 large shallots, halved, skins on; 1 tablespoon olive oil; 2 cups 2-percent milk; 3 eggs, at room temperature; 4 sprigs fresh thyme, leaves picked; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 4 ounces (1/2 cup) goat cheese, crumbled; 2 cups baby arugula; 6 pieces thinly sliced prosciutto | INSTRUCTIONS: For the quiche pastry: In a large bowl, put the flour, salt, and butter cubes. Using the tips of your fingers, mix the ingredients until it resembles coarse cornmeal. Add the ice water a little at a time until the dough just comes together. Remove the dough from the bowl and form into a disk. Cover the disk with plastic wrap and put in the refrigerator to chill for 1 hour. Preheat oven to 375 degrees F. Lightly flour the work surface, roll-out the dough and put in a pan with a removable bottom. Allow the dough to hang over the edges. Trim the edges slightly, still leaving an overhang of dough. <END>
INPUT: cookies, all purpose flour, baking soda, salt, granulated sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Almond Butter Cookies | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup all-purpose flour; 1/2 teaspoon baking soda; 1/8 teaspoon salt; 3/4 stick (6 tablespoons) unsalted butter, softened; 1/4 cup granulated sugar; 1/4 cup packed light brown sugar; 1 tablespoon corn syrup; 1/2 teaspoon vanilla; 1/4 teaspoon almond extract; 1/2 cup sliced almonds with skins (4 1/2 oz), toasted and cooled completely | INSTRUCTIONS: Whisk together flour, baking soda, and salt. Beat together butter, sugars, corn syrup, vanilla, and almond extract in a large bowl with an electric mixer at medium-high speed (use paddle attachment if you have a stand mixer) until pale and fluffy, about 2 minutes. Reduce speed to low, then add flour mixture and mix just until a dough begins to form. Add almonds and mix just until incorporated. Form dough into a rectangular log (about 12 inches long, 2 inches wide, and 3/4 inch thick). Wrap in wax paper and chill until firm, about 2 hours. Put oven rack in middle position and preheat oven to 32 <END>
INPUT: picnic, sugar cookie mix, eggs, peanut oil, water
OUTPUT: TITLE: A Peanut Picnic | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 package sugar cookie mix (recommended: Betty Crocker brand); 2 eggs; 1/3 cup peanut oil; 1 teaspoon water; 1 (10-ounce) package peanut butter chips, chopped; I cup coconut; 8 to 10 drops green food coloring; 1/2 cup butter, softened; 2 2/3 cups confectioners' sugar; 1/2 cup baking cocoa; 1/4 cup milk; 1 teaspoon vanilla; 1 (10-ounce) package peanut butter chips, chopped; I cup sweetened condensed milk; 1 small tube of red decorating gel | INSTRUCTIONS: Burger Buns: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F. In a large bowl, combine cookie mix, eggs, oil, and water and mix well. Stir in peanut butter chips. Shape into 1 1/2-inch balls and place 2 inches apart on an ungreased baking sheet. Bake for 13 minutes or until lightly browned. Cool on baking rack. Burger Topping: Combine coconut and food coloring to make "lettuce" for burgers. Burger Filling: In a mixing bowl, cream butter. Add sugar, cocoa, milk, and vanilla. Beat until smooth. Frost bottom of half of the cookie "bun" and sprinkle with coconut "lettuce" topping. Top burger with other half of cook <END>
INPUT: smothered, up chicken, salt free chicken, Canola oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Smothered Chicken | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 1/2 pounds whole cut-up chicken; 2 (5-ounce) packets chicken fry coating (recommended: Dixie Fry); 2 tablespoons salt-free chicken seasoning, divided (recommended: McCormick Grill Mates); Canola oil, for frying; 2 (12-ounce) jars roasted chicken gravy (recommended: Franco American); 1 teaspoon crushed garlic | INSTRUCTIONS: Cut away excess skin and fat from chicken pieces. Rinse with cold water and set aside; do not pat dry. In a shallow bowl, stir together fry coating and 1 tablespoon chicken seasoning. Dredge chicken pieces in coating mixture; set aside. In a large straight-sided pan, heat 1/2-inch oil over medium-high heat. Oil is ready for frying when a drop of water splatters when dropped in. Fry coated chicken until golden brown, about 8 minutes per side. Remove chicken from pan and drain oil. In a medium bowl, stir together gravy, remaining chicken seasoning, and crushed garlic; set aside. Return chicken t <END>
INPUT: Mexican, seafood, salad, sour cream, mayonnaise, lime juice, onions, jalapeños
OUTPUT: TITLE: Seafood, Avocado and Hearts of Palm Salad | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cups sour cream; 1 1/2 cups mayonnaise; 1/2 cup fresh lime juice; 5 green onions, chopped; 3 jalapeños, seeded, minced; 1 1/4 teaspoons chili powder; 3/4 teaspoon dry mustard; 3 7 1/2-ounce cans hearts of palm, drained; 3 large tomatoes; 3 large avocados, peeled, pitted; Red leaf lettuce leaves; 2 1/2 pounds cooked medium shrimp, peeled, deveined; 24 cooked crab claws | INSTRUCTIONS: For dressing: Combine sour cream, mayonnaise, fresh lime juice, green onions, jalapeños, chili powder and dry mustard in medium bowl. Season to taste with salt. (Can be prepared 2 days ahead. Cover and refrigerate.) Combine sour cream, mayonnaise, fresh lime juice, green onions, jalapeños, chili powder and dry mustard in medium bowl. Season to taste with salt. (Can be prepared 2 days ahead. Cover and refrigerate.) For salad: Cut hearts of palm, tomatoes and avocados into 1-inch pieces. Combine in medium bowl. Mix vegetables with just enough dressing to coat lightly. Line large platter with let <END>
INPUT: boozy, bundles collard greens, bacon, onion, garlic, light sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Boozy Braised Collard Greens | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 large bundles collard greens, well-washed; 4 slices bacon, chopped; 1/2 onion, sliced; 3 cloves garlic, smashed; 1/2 cup light brown sugar; 3 tablespoons apple cider vinegar; 4 cups chicken broth; 1/2 cup bourbon; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Remove stems from greens and discard. Roll up like a cigar and slice into ribbons. In a large pot over medium heat, add bacon, onion, and garlic. Render bacon until crisp and the onion is tender, about 6 minutes. Stir in brown sugar, vinegar, broth, and bourbon. Season with salt and pepper. Bring to a simmer and stir in the collard greens in batches. Cover and cook for 1 1/2 hours until tender and soft. <END>
INPUT: burgers, lettuce, applewood smoked bacon, honey, molasses, sherry vinegar, cayenne
OUTPUT: TITLE: The Ultimate BLT Burgers with Honey Molasses-Glazed Bacon, Grilled Lettuce, and Smoky Tomato Mayo | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 18 slices thick cut applewood smoked bacon, divided; 2 1/2 tablespoons honey; 2 teaspoons molasses; 2 teaspoons sherry vinegar; Pinch ground cayenne; 4 leaves radicchio; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1/2 tablespoon sherry vinegar; 1/2 tablespoon Dijon mustard; 1 large ripe tomato; 1/2 teaspoon smoked paprika; 1 clove garlic; 3/4 cup mayonnaise; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 pounds ground chuck | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat a nonstick grill pan over medium-high heat. Roughly chop 6 of the bacon slices, and add to the grill pan. Cook, stirring occasionally, until the bacon just barely begins to turn crispy, about for 3 to 4 minutes. Add the cooked bacon to a food processor and process for 4 to 5 seconds. Set aside for later use, (in the patties). Honey Molasses-Glazed Bacon: In a small mixing bowl combine the honey, molasses, vinegar, and cayenne and mix until well combined. Brush the remaining 12 bacon slices on both sides with the honey mixture. Heat a large fireproof nonstick skillet on the grill. Add 1 <END>
INPUT: steaks, Worcestershire sauce, steak sauce, olive oil, honey, apple cider vinegar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Eggplant Steaks | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup Worcestershire sauce; 1/4 cup thick steak sauce; 1/2 cup olive oil; 2 tablespoon honey; 2 teaspoons apple cider vinegar; Kosher salt and fresh ground pepper; 8 (1/2-inch) eggplant slices, purged with salt; 1 cup grated Parmesan; 3 tablespoons chopped parsley, optional | INSTRUCTIONS: In a small bowl whisk together the Worcestershire, steak sauce, olive oil, honey, and apple cider vinegar. Season with salt and pepper. Pat your eggplant dry with paper towels. With a pastry brush apply the sauce to both sides of the eggplant. Place eggplant rounds onto a sheet tray fitted with a rack. Place the tray under the broiler for until eggplant is nicely browned, approximately 2 minutes. Turn slices over and place back under broiler to brown the other side. Generously sprinkle freshly grated Parmesan over all of the slices. Place back under the broiler for 1 minute to nicely brown the <END>
INPUT: Asian, rice, noodles, pork tenderloin, Kosher salt pepper, low sodium chicken, cornstarch, vegetable oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Rice Noodles with Pork and Ginger Vegetables | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1 small pork tenderloin (about 12 ounces), cut into 1/2-inch cubes; Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper; 1 1/2 cups low-sodium chicken broth; 1 tablespoon cornstarch; 2 tablespoons vegetable oil; 1 bunch scallions, sliced (white and green parts separated); 1 2-inch piece fresh ginger, peeled and minced; 6 cloves garlic, minced; 3 cups precut stir-fry vegetables (about 12 ounces); 1/3 cup chopped fresh cilantro, basil and/or mint; Juice of 1 lime | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook the noodles as the label directs, then drain and rinse under cold water. Meanwhile, season the pork generously with salt and pepper; set aside. Whisk the chicken broth and cornstarch in a medium bowl; set aside. Heat a large nonstick skillet over high heat. Add 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, then add the pork and stir-fry until lightly browned, about 5 minutes; transfer to a bowl. Add the remaining 1 tablespoon vegetable oil to the pan, then add the scallion whites, ginger and garlic; reduce the heat to medium and cook, stirring, 2 minutes. Add the vegetables to the skillet and cook, stirrin <END>
INPUT: American, whole, whipped, wine, olive oil, kosher salt, lemon juice, unsalted butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Whole Roasted Cauliflower with Whipped Goat Cheese | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 1/2 cups dry white wine; 1/3 cup olive oil; 1/4 cup kosher salt; 3 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1 tablespoon crushed red pepper flakes; 1 tablespoon sugar; 1 bay leaf; 1 head of cauliflower, leaves removed; 4 ounces fresh goat cheese; 3 ounces cream cheese; 3 ounces feta; 1/3 cup heavy cream; 2 tablespoons olive oil plus more for serving; Coarse sea salt (for serving) | INSTRUCTIONS: For roasted cauliflower: Preheat oven to 475°F. Bring wine, oil, kosher salt, juice, butter, red pepper flakes, sugar, bay leaf, and 8 cups water to a boil in a large pot. Add cauliflower, reduce heat, and simmer, turning occasionally, until a knife easily inserts into center, 15-20 minutes. Using 2 slotted spoons or a mesh spider, transfer cauliflower to a rimmed baking sheet, draining well. Roast, rotating sheet halfway through, until brown all over, 30-40 minutes. Preheat oven to 475°F. Bring wine, oil, kosher salt, juice, butter, red pepper flakes, sugar, bay leaf, and 8 cups water to a bo <END>
INPUT: Italian, carbonara, spaghetti, turkey bacon regular, onion, garlic, oregano
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spaghetti Carbonara | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 16 ounces spaghetti; 1 cup chopped turkey bacon or regular bacon; 1/2 cup chopped onion; 2 to 3 cloves garlic, minced; 1 teaspoon dried oregano; 2 tablespoons all-purpose flour; 1 1/2 cups lowfat milk; 1/2 cup lowfat or nonfat sour cream; 1/4 cup grated Parmesan; 1/4 cup chopped fresh parsley leaves; Salt and ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Cook spaghetti according to package directions. Meanwhile, cook bacon in a large skillet over medium-high heat until golden brown. Add onion and garlic and saute 3 minutes, until onion is soft. Add oregano and cook 1 minute. Add flour and stir to coat onion. Add milk and bring to a simmer. Cook 5 minutes, until sauce thickens, stirring frequently. Remove from heat and stir in sour cream, Parmesan and parsley. Season, to taste, with salt and black pepper. Drain pasta and toss with sauce to coat. Serve. <END>
INPUT: American, mince, beef round leftover, suet, apples, raisins currants, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mince Pie | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/4 pounds beef round or leftover roast; 1/4 pound suet; 1 1/2 pounds apples; 1 cup raisins or currants; 1/2 cup white sugar; 1/2 cup brown sugar; 1/8 teaspoon black pepper; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 2 teaspoons ground cinnamon; 1 teaspoon ground clove; 2 teaspoons ground nutmeg; 1/4 cup brandy; 2 cups cider or apple juice; Piecrust recipe, recipe follows; 1 tablespoon butter | INSTRUCTIONS: If uncooked meat is used, simmer beef 2 to 3 hours or until very tender, adding suet for last 1/2 hour of cooking. When cooked, chop beef and suet very fine, into about 1/4-inch pieces. Pare, core, and chop apples to make 3 cups. Mix beef, suet, apples, raisins or currants, white and brown sugars, spices, brandy, and cider or apple juice. Prepare the piecrust. Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. Roll out piecrust dough and line pie plates with pastry; fill each with half of meat mixture. Cover with top crusts, seal edges, and slit 2 holes on top for steam to escape. If desired, spread a thick layer <END>
INPUT: sables, light sugar, eggs, all purpose flour, cinnamon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cinnamon Sables | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cups plus 6 tablespoons (3 3/4 sticks) unsalted butter; 3/4 cup plus 1 tablespoon light brown sugar; 2 large eggs; 3 2/3 cups all-purpose flour; 2 tablespoons ground cinnamon; 1/2 teaspoon salt; Granulated sugar, for rolling the cookies | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. In the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, or in a food processor, beat the butter and brown sugar until smooth. Then add one of the eggs and mix to combine. Add the flour, cinnamon, and salt, and beat or pulse to form a dough. Roll the dough to form one or two long cylinders about 2 inches in diameter, wrap them in plastic, and refrigerate for at least 30 minutes or as long as 3 days. 2. Preheat the oven to 325°F. Line several baking sheets with parchment paper or nonstick liners. 3. Beat the remaining egg in a bowl. Pour about 1/4 inch of granulated sugar into a s <END>
INPUT: salad, quinoa, Kosher salt, onion, olive oil more, apple cider
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cider-Glazed Carrot and Quinoa Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup quinoa, rinsed well in a fine-mesh sieve; Kosher salt; 1/2 small onion, chopped; 1/4 cup olive oil plus more for baking sheet; 2 tablespoons apple cider; 2 tablespoons honey; Freshly ground black pepper; 3 medium carrots (about 1/2 pound), peeled, thinly sliced on a diagonal; 1 tablespoon apple cider vinegar; 2 teaspoons finely grated lemon zest; 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice; 1/2 cup pickled beets, cut into matchsticks; 2 tablespoons coarsely chopped fresh dill; 1 head Bibb or butter lettuce, leaves torn | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 450°F. Bring quinoa and 4 cups lightly salted water to a boil in a medium saucepan. Cover, reduce heat, and simmer until quinoa is tender, 10-15 minutes. Add onion; cook for 1 minute longer. Drain; return quinoa mixture to saucepan, cover, and let sit for 15 minutes. Fluff with a fork and transfer to a large bowl; let cool. Meanwhile, lightly coat a large rimmed baking sheet with oil. Whisk cider and honey in a large bowl to blend; season with salt and pepper. Add carrots and toss to coat. Transfer to prepared baking sheet and roast until tender, 15-20 minutes. Let cool. Whisk  <END>
INPUT: ratatouille, papillote, cod, onion, eggplants, zucchini
OUTPUT: TITLE: Black Cod Ratatouille En Papillote | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 pounds black cod, skinned; 1 onion, thinly sliced; 2 eggplants, thinly sliced; 1 zucchini, thinly sliced; 1 yellow zucchini, thinly sliced; 1 tomato, thinly sliced; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1 red pepper, seeded and diced; 1 clove garlic, minced; 4 sprigs fresh thyme; 2 tablespoons butter, cubed; Sea salt and freshly ground pepper; Bunch of fresh basil, leaved picked; Bunch of fresh chives, cut into 1-inch sticks; Bunch of fresh parsley, leaves picked | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. For the black cod and ratatouille: Cover a baking sheet with a piece of parchment paper that is about 2-inches wider than the tray on each side (to wrap up the fish completely). Tightly line the vegetable slices to accommodate the length of the fish in an alternating pattern. Season the slices with salt and pepper. Lay the black cod on top of the vegetables. Drizzle with olive oil. Garnish with the red pepper, garlic, and thyme. Season with salt and pepper. Add the butter on top. Bring up each side of the parchment paper to the center and make small folds dow <END>
INPUT: tearimiss, soaked, cake flour, all purpose flour, granulated sugar, baking powder, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: TearIMiss You: Vanilla Rum Cake Soaked with Coffee Rum Syrup and Whipped Cream Marsala Mascarpone Fr | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 ounces cake flour; 5 ounces all-purpose flour; 10 1/2 ounces granulated sugar; 2 1/4 teaspoons baking powder; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 9 ounces butter; 3 eggs; 6 ounces whole milk; 3 tablespoons dark rum; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; 7 ounces hot coffee; 1/2 cup granulated sugar; 2 ounces dark rum; 2 cups heavy whipping cream; 1 tablespoon marsala wine | INSTRUCTIONS: For the cupcakes: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Line muffin pans with 24 muffin liners. In the bowl of an electric mixer with the paddle attachment, whisk both flours, the granulated sugar, baking powder and salt until well combined. With the mixer on low speed, add the butter. Add the eggs, one at a time, scraping the bowl as needed. Add the milk, rum and vanilla, and mix for about a minute until well combined. Fill the prepared muffin pans three-quarters full with batter and bake until a toothpick inserted comes out clean, about 24 minutes. For the coffee rum syrup: Combine the hot coff <END>
INPUT: American, blintzes, pineapple, eggs, milk, salt, granulated sugar, flour
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cheese Blintzes with Broiled Pineapple | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 eggs; 1/2 cup milk; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1 teaspoon granulated sugar; 1/2 cup flour; Unsalted butter; 1/2 cup chilled heavy cream; 1/2 cup ricotta; 8 ounces cream cheese, at room temperature; 1/2 cup sugar; 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract; 1/2 teaspoon freshly grated orange zest; Confectioners' sugar; 1/3 cup light brown sugar; 1 cup toasted macadamia nuts, coarsely chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Crepes: Whisk the eggs and milk together in a medium bowl. Whisk in the salt, granulated sugar, and flour. Set aside for 30 minutes. Set the oven to 200 degrees F. and put a platter in the oven to heat. Melt about 1/2 teaspoon of butter in a nonstick 8 to 10-inch skillet over medium heat. When it foams, pour or ladle in about 2 tablespoons of batter. Lift and swirl the pan so the batter coats the bottom. Replace the pan on the burner and cook just until set and the underside is lightly browned. Transfer to the warmed platter. Repeat until the batter is used up. C <END>
INPUT: salad, carrots, onion, olive oil, lemon zest, lemon juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Raw Carrot and Onion Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 large carrots, grated coarse (about 2 cups); 2 tablespoons finely chopped small white onion; 1 tablespoon olive oil; 1/2 teaspoon freshly grated lemon zest; 1/2 teaspoon fresh lemon juice | INSTRUCTIONS: In a bowl toss together the carrots, the onion, the oil, the zest, the lemon juice, and salt and pepper to taste until the salad is combined well. In a bowl toss together the carrots, the onion, the oil, the zest, the lemon juice, and salt and pepper to taste until the salad is combined well. <END>
INPUT: brittle, vegetable oil, sugar, light corn syrup, shelled pumpkin seeds, unsalted butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pumpkin Seed Brittle | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Nonstick vegetable oil spray; 1 cup sugar; 1/2 cup light corn syrup; 1 cup raw shelled pumpkin seeds (pepitas); 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1 teaspoon kosher salt; 3/4 teaspoon baking soda; 1/8 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1/4 teaspoon flaky sea salt; Special equipment: A candy thermometer | INSTRUCTIONS: Spray a parchment-lined baking sheet with nonstick spray; set aside. Bring sugar, corn syrup, and 3 tablespoons water to a boil in a medium saucepan over medium heat, stirring to dissolve sugar. Fit saucepan with thermometer and cook until thermometer registers 290°F, 3–4 minutes. Stir in pumpkin seeds, butter, and kosher salt and cook, stirring often, until pale brown and thermometer registers 305°F, 3–4 minutes. Stir in baking soda and cinnamon (mixture will bubble vigorously), then immediately pour caramel onto prepared sheet. Using a heatproof spatula, quickly spread out and sprinkle with  <END>
INPUT: cupcakes, buttercream, golden rum, pure cane sugar, golden raisins, unsalted butter, cream cheese
OUTPUT: TITLE: Rum Raisin Cupcakes with Rum Raisin Buttercream | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cups golden rum; 1 tablespoon pure cane sugar; 1 cup golden raisins; 4 ounces unsalted butter, softened; 2 ounces cream cheese, softened; 3 to 4 cups organic powdered sugar, divided; 1 teaspoon pure rum extract; Nonstick baking spray; 2 1/2 cups cake flour; 1 1/4 teaspoons baking powder; 1/4 teaspoon baking soda; 1/2 teaspoon fine sea salt; 1 3/4 cups pure cane sugar, divided; 1/4 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1/8 teaspoon ground allspice | INSTRUCTIONS: For the buttercream: Bring the rum and cane sugar to a boil in a medium saucepan. Add the raisins, remove from the heat, and let macerate for at least 4 and up to 24 hours at room temperature. Strain the raisins, finely chop, and set aside for the cupcake batter. Bring the strained rum to a boil in a small saucepan and reduce to 1/4 cup. Remove from the heat and let cool before adding to the buttercream. Combine the butter and cream cheese in the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the whisk attachment, and whip until light and fluffy, scraping the sides and bottom of the bowl once. Add 3 cups o <END>
INPUT: dressing, salt, zucchini, plain yogurt, cayenne pepper, roasted cumin seeds
OUTPUT: TITLE: Zucchini in a Yogurt Dressing | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon salt, plus 1/4 teaspoon; 1 pound zucchini (2 medium), cut into 1/2-inch dice; 3/4 cup plain yogurt; 1/4 teaspoon cayenne pepper, or to taste; 3/4 teaspoon ground roasted cumin seeds (see note); 1/2 teaspoon brown or granulated sugar; 1 tablespoon vegetable oil; 1/2 teaspoon brown mustard seeds | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring 2 1/2 quarts of water to a rolling boil. Add 1 tablespoon salt, stir and put in the zucchini. Boil rapidly for 3 to 4 minutes, or until the zucchini are just done. Drain and leave to cool. Put the yogurt in a bowl and beat lightly with a fork until smooth. Add remaining salt, cayenne, roasted cumin, and sugar. Stir to mix. Heat the oil in a very small pan or skillet over fairly high heat. When very hot, add the mustard seeds. As soon as the mustard seeds begin to pop, this takes just a few seconds, pour the seeds and oil over the yogurt. Stir to mix. Gently fold the zucchini into the yog <END>
INPUT: brown, low salt chicken, orzo, garlic, nutmeg
OUTPUT: TITLE: Orzo with Brown Butter and Parsley | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 9 cups canned low-salt chicken broth; 3 cups orzo (rice-shaped pasta); 1/2 cup (1 stick) butter; 3 garlic cloves, pressed; 3/4 teaspoon ground nutmeg; 1/2 cup minced fresh parsley | INSTRUCTIONS: Pour broth into heavy large saucepan. Bring to boil. Add orzo; boil until tender and liquid is absorbed, stirring often, about 15 minutes. Remove from heat. Melt butter in heavy medium skillet over medium-high heat. Stir until butter is golden, about 4 minutes. Remove from heat. Stir in garlic and nutmeg. Pour over orzo. Add parsley. Season with salt and pepper. Transfer to large bowl and serve. Pour broth into heavy large saucepan. Bring to boil. Add orzo; boil until tender and liquid is absorbed, stirring often, about 15 minutes. Remove from heat. Melt butter in heavy medium skillet over med <END>
INPUT: berry, smoothie, mixed berries strawberries, beet, lemon juice, honey, unrefined virgin coconut
OUTPUT: TITLE: Red Berry-and-Beet Smoothie | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups mixed frozen red berries such as strawberries and raspberries; 1 small red beet, peeled and thinly sliced; 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice; 1 tablespoon honey; 2 teaspoons unrefined extra-virgin coconut oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Put the berries, 1/2 cup cold water, beet, lemon juice, honey and coconut oil into a blender. Blend on high until smooth, turning off the blender and pushing down on the ingredients with a spatula or wooden spoon as needed to help the blending process. Add 1 to 2 tablespoons more water if needed to adjust consistency. <END>
INPUT: American, cheesecake, raspberry, packages cream cheese, sugar, eggs
OUTPUT: TITLE: Green Tea Cheesecake with Raspberries and Raspberry-Mint Tisane | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup (generous) ground shortbread cookies (about 6 ounces); 2 8-ounce packages cream cheese, room temperature (do not use whipped or "light" products); 1/2 cup (packed) fromage blanc*; 3/4 cup plus 2 tablespoons sugar; 4 large eggs; 2 teaspoons Japanese green tea powder** or 2 teaspoons finely ground green tea from about 4 tea bags; 2 1/2-pint containers fresh red raspberries; 2 1/2-pint containers fresh golden raspberries; 1 bunch fresh mint; Boiling water | INSTRUCTIONS: For cake: Preheat oven to 325°F. Press cookie crumbs firmly onto bottom (not sides) of 8-inch-diameter springform pan. Wrap outside of pan tightly with 3 layers of heavy-duty foil. Using electric mixer, beat cream cheese, fromage blanc, and sugar in large bowl until smooth. Add eggs 1 at a time, beating until incorporated after each addition. Beat in green tea powder until smooth. Pour batter over prepared crust in pan. Place cakein roasting pan; add enough hot water to roasting pan to come halfway up sides of springform pan. Bake cake until set but center moves very slightly when pan is gentl <END>
INPUT: french, toast, papaya, milk, egg, sugar, vanilla extract
OUTPUT: TITLE: Whole Grain French Toast with Fresh Papaya | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 medium papaya; 1/2 cup milk; 1 large egg; 1 tablespoon sugar; 1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract; Pinch salt; 4 slices whole grain bread (1/2 to 3/4 inch thick); 1/2 tablespoon unsalted butter, plus additional, if necessary; Maple syrup, for serving, optional | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. Peel the papaya and cut it in half lengthwise. Use a spoon to remove the seeds. Slice the papaya into cubes (you should have about 1 cup). 2. In a large shallow bowl whisk together the milk, egg, sugar, vanilla, and salt. Dip each slice of bread into the egg mixture, soaking both sides so that the bread is well coated and has absorbed the custard. 3. Melt the butter in a large pan over medium-high heat. Add the bread and cook, working in batches, if necessary, until golden brown, about 2 minutes per side. Add additional butter to the pan if the bread seems to be sticking. 4. Transfer the Fr <END>
INPUT: glaze, New Mexico chile, boiling water, honey, chile powder, cumin
OUTPUT: TITLE: Red Chile Glaze | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 12 dried New Mexico red chile pods; 3 cups boiling water; 2 cups honey; 2 tablespoons red chile powder; 2 tablespoons cumin | INSTRUCTIONS: Deseed the chiles, and place in a bowl. Reconstitute them by pouring on 3 cups boiling water and allowing them to soak about 5 minutes. Drain the chiles and reserve 1-cup of the liquid. Process the chiles with the reserved water in a blender or food processor until fine. Strain and transfer pulp into a mixing bowl. Add the honey, chile powder, and cumin and mix well. Refrigerate for 1 hour to blend flavors. This glaze is excellent on grilled fish, roasted or grilled chicken, or roast pork. <END>
INPUT: agua, fresca, hibiscus flowers hibiscus, sugar agave syrup, lemon juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Hibiscus-Lemon Agua Fresca | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup dried hibiscus flowers or 10 hibiscus tea bags; 1/4 cup sugar or agave syrup; 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring hibiscus, sugar, and 8 cups water to a boil in a large pot over high heat. Reduce heat to low and simmer 10 minutes. If using hibiscus flowers, strain mixture through a fine-mesh sieve into a large bowl; discard solids. If using tea bags, discard bags, then transfer mixture to a large bowl. Chill until cold, at least 2 hours. Transfer to a pitcher, pouring slowly so any fine particles remain in bowl. Stir in lemon juice. Bring hibiscus, sugar, and 8 cups water to a boil in a large pot over high heat. Reduce heat to low and simmer 10 minutes. If using hibiscus flowers, strain mixture thro <END>
INPUT: coated, dipping, salted pretzels, panko breadcrumbs, olive oil, all purpose flour, buttermilk
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pretzel-Coated Chicken Thighs with Pineapple Dipping Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 5 ounces salted pretzels; 1 1/4 cups panko breadcrumbs; 6 tablespoons olive oil; 1/2 cup all-purpose flour; 1 cup buttermilk; 1/4 cup plus 1 heaping tablespoon Dijon mustard; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 6 boneless skinless chicken thighs (about 1 1/2 pounds); 6 ounces canned pineapple chunks in heavy syrup; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh chives | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Line 2 baking sheet with heavy-duty foil; place a cooling rack on one of the pans. 2. Pulse the pretzels in a food processor until finely ground. Pour the pretzel crumbs onto the baking sheet without the cooling rack. Add the panko and olive oil and stir to combine. Bake, stirring once, until the crumbs are slightly brown, about 5 minutes; allow the crumbs to cool. 3. Pour the flour onto a large piece of foil. Whisk together the buttermilk, 1/4 cup of the mustard, 1 teaspoon salt and 1/4 teaspoon pepper in a medium bowl. Sprinkle the chicken thighs on both <END>
INPUT: Asian, reduced sodium soy, honey, rice vinegar, Sriracha sauce, ginger
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sweet 'n' Spicy Sriracha-Glazed Salmon | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup reduced-sodium soy sauce (or tamari for gluten-free); 2 tablespoons honey; 1 tablespoon rice vinegar; 1 tablespoon Sriracha sauce (or to taste); 1 tablespoon grated fresh ginger; 1 tablespoon minced garlic; 1 pound wild salmon fillet, cut into 4 (4-ounce) pieces; 1 1/2 teaspoons sesame oil; 2 tablespoons finely chopped scallions, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: In a 1-gallon zip-top plastic bag, combine the soy sauce, honey, vinegar, Sriracha, ginger, and garlic. Add the salmon, toss to coat evenly, and refrigerate for at least 1 hour, or up to 8 hours, turning the fish once. Remove the salmon from the bag, reserving the marinade. Heat a large sauté pan over medium-high heat and add the sesame oil. Rotate the pan to coat the bottom evenly and add the salmon. Cook until one side of the fish is browned, about 2 minutes. Flip the salmon and cook until the other side browns, 2 more minutes. Reduce the heat to low and pour in the reserved marinade. Cover  <END>
INPUT: cheesecake, graham crackers, butter, granulated sugar, pop rocks strawberry
OUTPUT: TITLE: No Cook Pop Rock Cheesecake | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups crushed graham crackers; 5 tablespoons softened butter; 1/2 cup granulated sugar, plus 2 teaspoons, divided; 6 ounces pop rocks in strawberry, watermelon, or cherry, divided; Nonstick cooking spray; 1 cup heavy whipping cream; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 1/4 cup lime juice; 12 ounces cream cheese, room temperature | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine the crushed graham crackers, butter, and 2 teaspoons sugar in bowl and mix until incorporated. Delicately fold 3 ounces of pop rocks into the mixture. Spray the bottom of a 9 by 13-inch cake pan with nonstick cooking spray. Gently press the crust into the pan and freeze for 30 minutes. With a handheld mixer or in a standing mixer with whisk attachment, whip the heavy whipping cream. While mixing slowly add in the remaining 1/2 cup sugar, salt, lime juice, and cream cheese. Beat until the ingredients are fully incorporated. Remove the crust from the freezer. Spread the cream cheese mixt <END>
INPUT: Asian, smoothie, mangoes, crystallized ginger, lowfat buttermilk, container lowfat vanilla, Handful chipped ice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mango-Ginger Smoothie | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 2 ripe mangoes (about 3/4 pound each) or 1 mango and 1 banana; 2 pieces crystallized ginger, about 1 ounce; 1 cup lowfat buttermilk; One 8-ounce container lowfat vanilla yogurt; Handful of chipped ice | INSTRUCTIONS: To cut mango into pieces, stand it on end and slice the flesh off both sides of the central pit. Lay each half on a cutting board and with the tip of your knife, score the flesh in a cross-hatch pattern. Pushing from the skin side, turn inside out so that the mango flesh pops up; slice it off the skin. Also cut off the remaining flesh from around the pit and remove the skin. In a blender, puree the fruit and ginger, scraping down the sides as necessary. Add the buttermilk, yogurt and ice and puree until smooth and frothy. Pour into glasses. <END>
INPUT: American, quiche, virgin olive oil, unsalted butter, garlic, mixed winter greens, Kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Goat Cheese Quiche | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil; 1 tablespoon unsalted butter; 2 cloves garlic, thinly sliced; 1 5-ounce package chopped mixed winter greens, such as kale and/or chard (about 8 cups); Kosher salt; 1 sheet frozen puff pastry, thawed (half of a 17-ounce package); All-purpose flour, for dusting; 5 ounces goat cheese, crumbled (about 3/4 cup); 1/2 cup grated parmesan cheese (about 1 ounce); 4 large eggs; 1 cup heavy cream; 1/4 teaspoon ground nutmeg; Freshly ground pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Heat the olive oil and butter in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Add the garlic and cook until softened, about 1 minute. Add the greens and 1/2 teaspoon salt; cook, stirring occasionally, until the greens wilt and most of the liquid evaporates, 5 to 7 minutes. Meanwhile, roll out the puff pastry on a lightly floured surface until large enough to fit in a 9-inch pie plate. Ease into the pie plate and trim the edge; crimp if desired. Scatter the goat cheese and parmesan in the crust, then top with the sauteed greens. Whisk the eggs, heavy cream, nutmeg,  <END>
INPUT: Italian, risotto, cakes, olive oil, onion, arborio rice, wine
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fontina Risotto Cakes with Fresh Chives | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 3 cups (about) low-salt chicken broth; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1/2 cup finely chopped onion; 1 cup plus 2 tablespoons arborio rice; 1/4 cup dry white wine; 6 tablespoons grated Parmesan cheese; 2 tablespoons (1/4 stick) butter; 1 1/2 cups panko (Japanese breadcrumbs), divided; 1/2 cup (packed) coarsely grated Fontina cheese (about 2 ounces); 1/4 cup chopped fresh parsley; 3 tablespoons chopped fresh chives; 1 large egg yolk; 2 large eggs; Canola oil (for frying); Additional grated Parmesan cheese | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring 3 cups broth to simmer in small saucepan. Reduce heat to very low; cover and keep warm. Heat olive oil in heavy medium saucepan over medium heat. Add onion; sauté until translucent, about 5 minutes. Add rice; stir 1 minute. Add wine; stir until absorbed, about 30 seconds. Add broth, 1/3 cup at a time, and simmer until rice is just tender and risotto is creamy, allowing broth to be absorbed before adding more, and stirring often, about 18 minutes. Remove from heat. Mix in 6 tablespoons Parmesan and butter. Season generously with salt and pepper. Spread risotto in 13x9x2-inch pan and cool  <END>
INPUT: American, buffalo, unsalted butter, hot sauce Frank's, panko, vegetable oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Buffalo Salmon | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 5 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1/4 cup hot sauce such as Frank's Redhot; 1/3 cup panko (Japanese bread crumbs); 1 tablespoon vegetable oil; 1 (2-pound) piece salmon fillet with skin | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 425°F with rack in upper third. Lightly oil a shallow baking pan. Melt butter with hot sauce and 1/4 teaspoon each of salt and pepper over medium heat. Set aside 1/4 cup sauce. Toss panko with oil in a bowl. Put salmon, skin side down, in baking pan and sprinkle with 1/4 teaspoon each of salt and pepper, then brush with remaining sauce. Sprinkle panko evenly over top of fish, then bake until panko is golden and fish is just cooked through, 16 to 22 minutes. Serve reserved sauce on the side. Preheat oven to 425°F with rack in upper third. Lightly oil a shallow baking pan. Melt b <END>
INPUT: Mexican, margarita, jalapeno, Ice, Homemade Sour Mix, tequila reposado, lime
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Jalapeno Margarita | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 jalapeno; Ice; 3 ounces Homemade Sour Mix, recipe follows; 2 ounces tequila reposado; 1 lime, cut into wedges and wheels; Salt, for the rim if desired; 1 1/2 cups sugar; 1 cup fresh lemon juice; 1 cup fresh lime juice | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Over a hot grill, toast the jalapeno until lightly blistered on the outside and fragrant. Slice into 1/4-inch-thick wheels. In a cocktail shaker, add 2 slices roasted jalapeno, ice and the Homemade Sour Mix. Muddle, then add the tequila and the juice of 1 lime wedge. Shake. Rim a margarita glass with the wedge of a lime and salt, if using. Serve over ice. Garnish with a lime wheel. Combine the sugar and 1 1/2 cups water in a saucepan. Bring to a simmer until the sugar dissolves. Remove from the heat and cool. Add the lemon and lime juice. Chill until ready to use <END>
INPUT: cream, soup, broccoli florets, water chicken broth, petite peas, butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cream of Broccoli and Pea Soup | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound broccoli florets, stalks peeled; finely chopped; 1 (8 ounces) onion, finely chopped; 1 quart water or chicken broth; 1 cup frozen petite peas, thawed; 1 tablespoon butter; 3 tablespoons flour; 2 cups half and half or evaporated low fat or skimmed milk; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; Snipped chives for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Simmer the broccoli and half the onion in the water or stock for 15 minutes or until tender. Add the peas and simmer 5 minutes longer just to cook through. (As you are simmering, be sure to keep the level of the water constant so that it does not evaporate too much.) When the vegetables are tender, puree the mixture (vegetables and liquid) through a food mill or blender. (If you puree it with a food processor or a blender, pass the puree through a sieve to remove any tough bits.) In a clean saucepan heat the butter. Add the remaining onion and cook for 5 minutes, over low heat or until very te <END>
INPUT: olive oil, garlic, chiles de árbol, bay leaf, tomato
OUTPUT: TITLE: Garlic Shrimp and White Beans | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 tablespoons olive oil, divided; 3 garlic cloves, minced, divided; 2 dried chiles de árbol; 1 bay leaf, preferably fresh; 1 1/4 cups chopped tomato (about 8 ounces); Kosher salt, freshly ground pepper; 1 tablespoon tomato paste; 2 15-ounce cans white beans (such as cannellini), rinsed, drained; 1 cup low-sodium chicken broth; 1 pound medium shrimp; 1 teaspoon smoked paprika; 2 tablespoons chopped flat-leaf parsley; Grilled bread (optional); Ingredient info: Dried chiles de árbol are available at Latin markets, specialty foods stores, and some supermarkets | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat broiler. Heat 2 tablespoons oil in a large, heavy, ovenproof skillet over medium heat. Add 1 garlic clove, chiles, and bay leaf and cook, stirring constantly, just until fragrant, 1-2 minutes (do not allow garlic to burn). Add tomato; season with salt and pepper. Cook, stirring and smashing tomato with the back of a wooden spoon, until tomato is completely broken down, about 5 minutes. Add tomato paste and cook, stirring constantly, until paste is deep red and caramelized, 3-4 minutes. Stir in beans and broth. Bring to a brisk simmer and cook until juices are slightly reduced and thick <END>
INPUT: shallot, virgin olive oil, Salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Baked Beets | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 (15-ounce) cans sliced beets, drained; 1 shallot, thinly sliced; 1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil, eyeball it; Salt and pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Combine beets and shallots and coat with extra-virgin olive oil, salt and pepper. Roast for 15 to 18 minutes. Transfer beets to a dish or dinner plates and serve. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, salad, macaroni elbows cavatappi, Salt, corn, bell pepper, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mac and Jack Salad | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound macaroni elbows or cavatappi corkscrew shaped hollow pasta; Salt; 1 cup frozen corn, defrosted; 1 red bell pepper, chopped; 1 small red onion, chopped; 4 ribs celery, chopped; Black pepper; 8-ounce brick Monterey pepper jack cheese, diced; 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar, eyeball it; 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil, eyeball it; 1 cup store bought tomatillo salsa (mild, green) or chipotle salsa (hot, smoky red); 2 tablespoons chopped cilantro leaves or flat-leaf parsley | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring water to a boil, salt it and add pasta. While pasta water is coming up to a boil and cooking, combine corn, pepper, onion and celery in a bowl with pepper Jack cheese. Season the veggies with salt and pepper. Run pasta under cold water to cool it and drain it well. Add pasta to vegetables and cheese. Place vinegar in a small bowl and whisk in extra-virgin olive oil, then fold in salsa. Pour sauce over salad and toss to coat evenly. Garnish salad with cilantro or parsley and serve. <END>
INPUT: wine vinegar, olive oil, bourbon, beef tenderloin, asparagus
OUTPUT: TITLE: Bourbon Beef Tenderloin | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup red wine vinegar; 1 cup olive oil; 1 cup bourbon; 1 beef tenderloin; Cooked asparagus, as an accompaniment | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 500 degrees F. Combine red wine vinegar, olive oil, and bourbon. Massage mixture into the beef with your hands. Marinate the beef tenderloin in the refrigerator for 1 hour. Place marinated beef tenderloin in a roasting pan, place in oven and cook for 30 minutes (if you like rare beef, cook longer if you prefer your beef more well done). Let stand for about 1 hour. Place on serving platter and serve with fresh asparagus. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, fancy, salsa, tomato puree, West Indies Creole, honey, frisee, virgin olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fancy Ceviche with Frisee and Tomato Salsa | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup red tomato puree, canned; 4 teaspoons West Indies Creole Hot Pepper Sauce*; 2 teaspoons honey; 4 ounces frisee, washed and torn into pieces; 4 teaspoons extra-virgin olive oil (preferably Andalusian), plus a little more for drizzling; 2 teaspoons red wine vinegar; 1 recipe Simple Ceviche with Herbs (recipe follows); 1 pound very fresh, firm, white-fleshed fish; 1/2 cup freshly squeezed lime juice; 4 very ripe tomatoes, about 6 ounces each; 8 teaspoons West Indies Creole Hot Pepper Sauce; 4 teaspoons honey; 8 teaspoons very finely minced green chili; 8 teaspoons finely minced cilantro leaves, plus extra leaves for garnish; 8 teaspoons finely minced mint leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. Mix together the puree, pepper sauce and honey. Reserve. 2. Toss the frisee with the olive oil and vinegar. Season to taste with salt and pepper. 3. Place a metal ring, about 2 inches across and 1 inch high, on a dinner plate. Add 1/8 of the frisee mixture to it. Top the frisee with 1/8 of the Simple Ceviche with Herbs; this should just about reach the top of the ring. Remove the ring, and decorate the ceviche tower with a little of the tomato puree mixture (out of a squeeze tube, if you desire). Decorate the plate with dabs or squiggles of the tomato puree mixture, and drizzle olive oil ov <END>
INPUT: bouillabaisse, Kosher salt pepper, rosemary leaves, Good olive oil, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken Bouillabaisse | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 (4 to 5-pound) chicken, cut into 10 pieces; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 tablespoon minced fresh rosemary leaves; Good olive oil; 1 large head garlic, separated into cloves and peeled; 1 teaspoon saffron threads; 1 teaspoon whole fennel seeds; 1 (15 ounce) can tomato puree; 1 1/2 cups good chicken stock, preferably homemade; 1 cup dry white wine; 3 tablespoons Pernod; 1 pound baby Yukon gold potatoes, halved; Rouille, for serving, recipe follows; Crusty French bread, for serving; 4 large garlic cloves | INSTRUCTIONS: Pat the chicken dry with paper towels and season it generously with salt, pepper, and the rosemary. Heat 2 tablespoons of olive oil over medium heat in a large Dutch oven and brown the chicken pieces in batches until nicely browned all over, about 5 to 7 minutes per batch. Transfer the browned chicken pieces to a plate and set aside. Lower the heat to medium-low and add the garlic, saffron, fennel seeds, tomato puree, chicken stock, white wine, Pernod, 2 teaspoons salt, and 1 teaspoon of pepper to the pot. Stir and scrape up any browned bits on the bottom, and simmer for 30 to 40 minutes, unti <END>
INPUT: American, muffins, all purpose flour, wheat flour, baking powder, baking soda, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Ham and Cheese Muffins | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cups all purpose flour; 1 cup whole wheat flour; 2 teaspoons baking powder; 1 teaspoon baking soda; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1 1/4 cups buttermilk; 2 eggs; 1/4 cup vegetable or canola oil; 2 tablespoons maple syrup or honey; 1 cup cheddar cheese, shredded; 1 cup ham, chopped fine | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. Preheat oven to 350°F. 2. Combine the first 5 dry ingredients in a bowl and stir to combine. 3. In a separate bowl whisk the eggs, oil and maple syrup and stir to combine. 4. Add the buttermilk to the egg mixture and stir. 5. Add the buttermilk mixture to the flour and stir until just combined. 6. Fold in the cheese and ham. 7. Scoop the batter 2/3 of the way up into greased muffin cups and bake for 18–20 minutes (15 minutes if using mini muffin cups). 8. Cool on a wire rack and serve. 1. Preheat oven to 350°F. 2. Combine the first 5 dry ingredients in a bowl and stir to combine. 3. In a se <END>
INPUT: Asian, chicken broth, hot bean paste, soy sauce, Kosher salt, regular soft
OUTPUT: TITLE: Ma-Po Tofu | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup chicken broth; 2 tablespoons hot bean paste; 2 tablespoons soy sauce; Kosher salt; 1 pound regular or soft (not silken) tofu, drained and cut into 1/2-inch cubes; 1 1/2 to 2 tablespoons corn, peanut or canola oil; 1/2 pound ground pork shoulder (preferably 75 percent lean); 1 tablespoon plus 1 teaspoon finely minced garlic; 1 tablespoon plus 1 teaspoon finely minced peeled ginger; 1 tablespoon cornstarch dissolved in 2 tablespoons water; 1 1/2 teaspoons Japanese sesame oil; 1/2 to 1 teaspoon toasted sansho powder; 3 tablespoons thinly sliced scallions; Accompaniment: steamed rice | INSTRUCTIONS: To make the sauce: Stir together broth, bean paste, soy sauce, and kosher salt. Set aside. To poach the tofu: Slide tofu into a saucepan of simmering water and keep at a bare simmer while stir-frying rest of dish. To stir-fry the pork: Heat a wok or large heavy skillet over high heat until hot and add 1 1/2 tablespoons corn oil, swirling to coat. Add pork and stir-fry, breaking up lumps and adding remaining 1/2 tablespoon corn oil if meat sticks, until no longer pink. Add garlic and ginger and stir-fry over moderate heat until very fragrant, about 2 minutes. To finish the stir-fry: Stir reserv <END>
INPUT: beet, cake, sugar, half half, confectioners' sugar, unsalted butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate Beet Cake | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup (8 tablespoons) unsalted butter; 1 cup packed brown sugar; 1/4 cup half-and-half; 2 cups confectioners' sugar; 2/3 cup melted unsalted butter; 2 cups milk chocolate or semi-sweet chocolate chips; 2 teaspoons vanilla extract; 1 teaspoon instant coffee granules, optional; 3/4 cup vegetable oil, plus more for greasing the pans; 2 cups all-purpose flour; 2 teaspoons baking soda; 1/4 teaspoon kosher salt; 3 large eggs; 1 3/4 cups granulated sugar; 3 ounces semi-sweet chocolate baking bar or chips | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: two 8-inch cake pans For the penuche frosting: Melt the butter in a saucepan over medium heat and add the brown sugar. Bring to a boil, then reduce to medium-low heat and simmer for 2 minutes. Stir until the brown sugar is dissolved. Make sure to not scrape the sides of the pan. Add the half-and-half and bring to a boil for another 2 minutes. Remove from the heat to cool, 10 to 15 minutes. Gradually add the confectioners' sugar to the butter mixture and beat with an electric mixer on medium until thick, smooth and creamy. Makes 3 to 4 cups. For the chocolate fudge frosting:  <END>
INPUT: American, baby, fine, vermouth, water, parsley, tarragon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Baby Potatoes with Creamy Goat Cheese and Fine Herbs | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup dry white vermouth; 3 cups water; 4 sprigs fresh parsley; 3 sprigs fresh tarragon; 1 (1 by 2-inch) piece of lemon zest; 1 tablespoon kosher salt; 6 small red-skinned potatoes (about 8 ounces); 1 teaspoon extra-virgin olive oil; 3 ounces fresh soft goat cheese, at room temperature; 2 tablespoons creme fraiche or sour cream; 1 tablespoon minced fresh flat-leaf parsley; 2 teaspoons minced fresh tarragon; 2 teaspoons paper-thin rounds fresh chive, plus 12 1-inch pieces for garnish; 2 teaspoons minced fresh chervil or 1 teaspoon minced fresh dill; Freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. To make the potatoes: In a medium saucepan combine the vermouth, water, parsley, tarragon, lemon zest, and salt. Set aside. Cut the potatoes in half horizontally. Slice a small portion off of the rounded ends-- so the potatoes stand up without rolling around -- and discard. Add the halved potatoes to the saucepan. Bring to a boil over medium heat; adjust the heat to maintain a gentle simmer and cook until just fork tender, about 8 minutes. Set the potatoes aside to cool in the liquid for 5 minutes. Drain the potatoes, reserving 2 teaspoons of the cooking liqu <END>
INPUT: Italian, crisps, sour cream, basil leaves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Salami Crisps with Sour Cream and Basil | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 24 (1/8-inch to 1/4-inch) slices Italian dry Genoa salami (about 4 ounces); 1/3 cup sour cream; 3 tablespoons thinly sliced fresh basil leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Line 2 heavy large baking sheets with aluminum foil. Arrange the salami in a single layer over the baking sheets. Bake until the salami slices are amber brown, watching closely to ensure they brown evenly, about 15 minutes. Transfer the salami crisps to a paper towel-lined baking sheet to absorb the excess oil. Set aside to cool. Spoon a dollop of sour cream on top of each salami crisp. Sprinkle the basil over and serve. Do-Ahead Tip: The salami crisps can be made 8 hours ahead. Store in airtight containers and keep at room temp <END>
INPUT: grain Dijon mustard, golden sugar, maple syrup
OUTPUT: TITLE: Baked Ham with Maple Mustard Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 (8-pound) fully cooked bone-in ham; Whole cloves; 1 cup whole-grain Dijon mustard; 1/3 cup golden brown sugar; 2 tablespoons maple syrup; Maple mustard sauce, recipe follows; 1/2 cup Dijon mustard; 1/4 cup pure maple syrup | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Score top of ham into diamonds and stud center of each diamond with a clove. On a rack in a roasting pan bake ham in middle of oven 1 1/2 hours. In a bowl combine, mustard, brown sugar and maple syrup. Remove pan from oven. Spread mustard mixture over top and sides of ham. Return to oven and continue to bake until mustard coating is golden brown, about 35 minutes. Transfer ham to a platter. Let sit for 15 minutes before serving. Serve with maple mustard sauce on the side. Stir together mustard and syrup until combined well. Note: Sauce can be made 2 days ahead an <END>
INPUT: salad, gremolata, vegetable oil, shallot, unsweetened coconut flakes, chives, mint
OUTPUT: TITLE: Snap Pea Salad with Coconut Gremolata | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/3 cup vegetable oil; 1 medium shallot; 1/4 cup unsweetened coconut flakes; 1/4 cup chopped fresh chives; 3 tablespoons finely chopped fresh mint; 1 tablespoon finely grated lime zest; Kosher salt; Pepper; 1 pound halved sugar snap peas; 2 cups pea shoots (tendrils); 1/4 cup torn mint leaves; 3 tablespoons shallot oil; 2 tablespoons fresh lime juice; 2 teaspoons fish sauce | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat 1/3 cup vegetable oil and 1 medium shallot, thinly sliced into rings in a small saucepan over medium-high. Stir occasionally, until golden brown and crisp, 5–8 minutes. Transfer shallots to paper towels; season with kosher salt. Pour shallot oil into a small bowl; let cool. Meanwhile, toast 1/4 cup unsweetened coconut flakes in same saucepan over medium, stirring occasionally, until edges are golden brown, about 3 minutes. Transfer to a bowl; let cool. Add fried shallot, 1/4 cup chopped fresh chives, 3 tablespoons finely chopped fresh mint, and 1 tablespoon finely grated lime zest and tos <END>
INPUT: tapenade, oil sun tomatoes, Kalamata olives, anchovy fillets, capers
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tapenade Butter | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup (1/2 stick) unsalted butter, room temperature; 1 1/2 tablespoons finely chopped drained oil-packed sun-dried tomatoes; 1 tablespoon finely chopped pitted Kalamata olives; 2 anchovy fillets, finely chopped; 2 teaspoons drained capers, choppe | INSTRUCTIONS: Mix unsalted butter, sun-dried tomatoes, Kalamata olives, anchovy fillets, and capers in small bowl. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Transfer tapenade butter to sheet of plastic wrap. Using plastic wrap as aid, form tapenade butter into 1-inch-diameter log, wrapping plastic tightly around log. Chill tapenade butter until cold. (Can be prepared 2 days ahead. Keep refrigerated.) Cut log crosswise into 1/4- to 1/3-inch-thick slices. Mix unsalted butter, sun-dried tomatoes, Kalamata olives, anchovy fillets, and capers in small bowl. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Transfer tapenade but <END>
INPUT: angel, food, sifted cake flour, sugar, egg whites, cream tartar, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lemon Angel Food Cake | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/8 cups sifted cake flour; 1 1/2 cups sugar; 1 1/2 cups egg whites, at room temperature (about 10 eggs); 1 1/4 teaspoons cream of tartar; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1 lemon, grated zest; 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract; 5 tablespoons freshly squeezed lemon juice; 1 1/2 cups powdered sugar; 2 large lemons; 1 cups sugar; 2 cups water | INSTRUCTIONS: Cake: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees. Sift the sifted cake flour with 1/2 cup of the sugar 3 times (this is to aerate the mixture and make it light). Set aside. Whip the egg whites in a mixer fitted with a whisk attachment until foamy. Add the cream of tartar and salt and continue whipping until soft peaks form. With the mixer running, gradually add the remaining cup of sugar and continue whipping until stiff and the sugar is dissolved, about 30 seconds more. Gradually add the sifted flour-sugar mixture and fold into the whites. Lastly fold in the lemon zest and vanilla extract. Pipe the batt <END>
INPUT: Italian, pasta, Kosher salt, spaghetti, canola oil, Fresno chile peppers, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Healthy Pasta with Spicy Crab | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: Kosher salt; 1 pound spaghetti; 2 tablespoons canola oil; 2 Fresno chile peppers, finely chopped; 2 cloves garlic, minced; 1 cup dry white wine; 1 pound jumbo lump crabmeat, picked over; 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh flat-leaf parsley; 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh dill; 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh mint; 2 teaspoons finely grated lemon zest; Extra-virgin olive oil, for drizzling; Freshly ground pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add the spaghetti and cook as the label directs until al dente. Reserve 1 cup cooking water, then drain the pasta. Meanwhile, heat the canola oil in a large high-sided saute pan over medium heat. Add the chiles and garlic and cook until soft and the garlic is pale golden brown, about 3 minutes. Add the wine and cook until reduced by half, about 5 minutes. Add the crab and cook until just heated through, about 1 minute. Add the pasta and some of the cooking water to the pan and cook for another minute. Stir in the parsley, dill, mint and lemon zest.  <END>
INPUT: American, Best Pie Crust, unsalted butter, light sugar, pure vanilla extract, orange zest
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pecan Pie | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 Best Pie Crust Ever, recipe follows; 3/4 stick unsalted butter; 1 1/4 cups light brown sugar, packed; 2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract; 1/2 teaspoon grated orange zest; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 3/4 cup agave nectar; 3 large eggs; 2 cups pecan halves (1/2 pound); 1 1/2 cups all-purpose flour; 1 tablespoon sugar; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, chilled, cut into small pieces; 3 tablespoons solid vegetable shortening, chilled, cut into small pieces; 4 tablespoons (or more) ice water | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F with a baking sheet on the middle rack. Roll out the pie dough on a lightly floured surface with a lightly floured rolling pin into a 12-inch round. Fit into a 9-inch pie plate and trim the edge, leaving 1/2-inch overhang. Fold the overhang under and lightly press against rim of pie plate, then crimp decoratively. Lightly prick the bottom all over with a fork. Chill until firm, at least 30 minutes (or freeze for 15 minutes). Meanwhile, melt the butter in a small, heavy saucepan over medium heat. Add the brown sugar, whisking unti <END>
INPUT: crusted, herbed, baking potatoes, leeks, unsalted butter, garlic, heavy cream
OUTPUT: TITLE: Crusted Fresh Herbed Rack of Lamb with Potato Leek Gratin and Roasted Garlic Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 baking potatoes, like russets; 4 small leeks, white part only; 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, room temperature; 1 tablespoon chopped garlic; 1/2 quart heavy cream; Salt; White pepper; Nutmeg; 2 racks of lamb, fat cap removed, frenched; 3 tablespoons olive oil; 1 cup Dijon mustard; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh thyme leaves, plus 1 tablespoon; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh rosemary leaves; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh sage leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: For the Gratin: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Slice the potatoes into 1/4-inch slices. Slice the leeks into thin circles. Mix the butter and the garlic together and set aside. Season the cream with salt, white pepper, and nutmeg. Layer the potatoes, the leeks, the garlic butter, and then the cream, alternating until the potatoes are lightly covered with the cream. Bake for 30 minutes. For the Lamb: Sear the lamb in olive oil in a roasting pan until golden, fat side down first. Remove and allow to rest for 5 minutes. Brush the mustard onto both sides of the seared lamb. Season with salt an <END>
INPUT: Italian, olive oil, lemon juice, Sherry wine vinegar, Dijon mustard
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tomatoes Stuffed with Fresh Mozzarella and Basil | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup (packed) fresh basil leaves (from 1 large bunch); 1/2 cup olive oil; 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 1 tablespoon Sherry wine vinegar; 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard; 6 medium tomatoes with stems still attached; 2 7-ounce balls fresh water-packed mozzarella cheese, drained, cut into 1/4-inch cubes; 1 1/2 tablespoons coarsely chopped fresh basil; 6 fresh basil leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: For vinaigrette: Blend all ingredients in blender until basil is very finely chopped and vinaigrette is thick; season to taste with salt and pepper. (Can be made 6 hours ahead. Cover and chill.) Blend all ingredients in blender until basil is very finely chopped and vinaigrette is thick; season to taste with salt and pepper. (Can be made 6 hours ahead. Cover and chill.) For salad: Cut small skin-deep X on end opposite stem of each tomato. Drop tomatoes into saucepan of boiling water; cook 30 seconds. Using slotted spoon, transfer tomatoes to plate. Starting at X, peel skin off tomatoes. Cut 1/ <END>
INPUT: spiced, semifreddo, milk, egg yolks, sugar, vanilla extract, amaretto liqueur
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spiced Honey Semifreddo with Dried Fruit and Almonds | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 1/2 cups milk; 6 large egg yolks; 2/3 cup sugar; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; 1 tablespoon amaretto liqueur; 1/2 cup chopped almonds; 1 1/2 cups heavy cream; 6 figs, fresh or dried, cut into quarters; 6 dates, pitted and chopped; 1/2 cup honey; 1/4 cup water; 1 lemon , juiced; 1 cinnamon stick; Amaretto cookies, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Pour the milk into a saucepan and bring just to a boil over medium-high heat. In a large bowl, whisk together the egg yolks and the sugar until the sugar starts to dissolve and the yolks turn light yellow, about 3 minutes. Gradually whisk in the hot milk, adding it in a thin stream at first so as not to cook the yolks, and then more quickly. Return the mixture to the saucepan and cook over low heat, without boiling, until the mixture thickly coats the back of a spoon, 4 to 5 minutes. Remove from the heat and stir in the vanilla and amaretto. Refrigerate until cool (or chill in a water bath). P <END>
INPUT: Asian, cake, yogurt, vegetable oil, robust flavored, stout, baking soda, rye flour
OUTPUT: TITLE: Dark Ginger Rye Cake With Yogurt and Honey | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: Nonstick vegetable oil spray; 1 cup robust-flavored (dark) molasses (not blackstrap); 1 cup stout; 1/2 teaspoon baking soda; 1 1/2 cups rye flour; 1/2 cup all-purpose flour; 2 tablespoons ground ginger; 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1/4 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg; 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 1 1/2 teaspoons baking powder; 1 teaspoon kosher salt; 3 large eggs; 1 cup granulated sugar; 1 cup (packed) dark brown sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350°F. Lightly coat pan with nonstick spray. Bring molasses and stout to a simmer in a small saucepan, whisking to incorporate. Remove from heat and stir in baking soda; let cool. Sift rye flour, all-purpose flour, ground ginger, cinnamon, nutmeg, and pepper through a coarse-mesh sieve into a medium bowl. Stir in baking powder and salt. Whisk eggs, granulated sugar, brown sugar, fresh ginger, and vanilla extract in a large bowl to combine. Whisk in coconut oil, vegetable oil, and cooled molasses mixture. Add dry ingredients and fold just until blended. Scrape batter into prepar <END>
INPUT: brandied, prunes, brandy, vanilla ice cream
OUTPUT: TITLE: Brandied-Prune Ice Cream | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup pitted prunes, cut into quarters; 1/2 cup plus 2 tablespoons brandy; 1 quart vanilla ice cream, softened slightly | INSTRUCTIONS: Simmer prunes and 1/2 cup brandy in large saucepan, covered, until brandy is absorbed, about 4 minutes. Cool. Place softened ice cream in large shallow plastic freezer container. Mix in prunes and remaining 2 tablespoons brandy. Cover and freeze. (Can be prepared 1 week ahead. Keep frozen.) Simmer prunes and 1/2 cup brandy in large saucepan, covered, until brandy is absorbed, about 4 minutes. Cool. Place softened ice cream in large shallow plastic freezer container. Mix in prunes and remaining 2 tablespoons brandy. Cover and freeze. (Can be prepared 1 week ahead. Keep frozen.) <END>
INPUT: Mexican, quesadilla, mozzarella, onion, pepper, Olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Prosciutto di Parma-Black Pepper Quesadilla with Rosemary Oil | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 12 (6-inch) flour tortillas; 1 pound fresh mozzarella, thinly sliced; 1 red onion, finely sliced; 2 tablespoons coarsely ground black pepper; Olive oil; 1/4 cup Parmesan cheese; 8 slices prosciutto di Parma, thinly sliced; 1 cup olive oil; 1/4 cup fresh rosemary leaves; 1/4 cup coarsely chopped chives; Salt and freshly ground pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Quesadilla: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F. Place 8 tortillas on an ungreased baking sheet. Spread half the cheese, onion and black pepper on each and season to taste with salt and pepper. Stack to make 2 layer layers, cover with remaining tortilla and brush the tops with oil and sprinkle with some of the Parmesan cheese. Place on a lightly oiled baking sheet and bake for 5 to 7 minutes or until the tortillas are lightly golden brown and the cheese has melted. Cut into quarters, top each quarter with a slice of prosciutto and drizzle with the rosemary oil. Make the rosemary oil: Combine the <END>
INPUT: Mexican, spritzer, seedless watermelon, ice cubes, lemon lime flavored, lime
OUTPUT: TITLE: Watermelon Lime Spritzer | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups seedless watermelon, cut into cubes; 1/2 cup ice cubes; 2 cups lemon-lime flavored soda, divided; 1 lime, cut into wedges | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Place the watermelon and ice cubes in a blender and blend until liquefied. (Once you add the lemon-lime soda, it will thin out even more, add more ice cubes if you want it slushier.) Slowly add 1/2 of the lemon-lime soda and blend until smooth. Pour into glasses, garnish with limes and serve. <END>
INPUT: breakfast, tarts, cream cheese, confectioners' sugar, vanilla, Empire, granulated sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Maple-Glazed Breakfast Apple Tarts | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 8 ounce package cream cheese, softened; 1/4 cup confectioners' sugar; 1 teaspoon vanilla; 2 medium Empire, Gala, or Golden Delicious apples; 1/4 cup granulated sugar; 17 1/4ounce package (2 sheets) frozen puff pastry, thawed; 1 large egg, beaten lightly with 1 tablespoon water; 1/2 cup pure maple syrup | INSTRUCTIONS: In a small bowl stir together cream cheese, confectioners' sugar, and vanilla until smooth. Peel, halve, and core apples and cut into 1/4inch slices. In a bowl toss apples with 2 tablespoons granulated sugar. Preheat oven to 375 degrees. On a lightly floured surface roll 1 sheet puff pastry into a 15 by 11inch rectangle. From a long side, cut four 1/3inchwide strips. From a short side, cut two 1/3inchwide strips. Set pastry strips aside. Halve lengthwise what remains of rectangle and put halves on a baking sheet. Just inside pastry rectangles' edges, brush 1/3inchwide borders of egg wash, rese <END>
INPUT: stew, sauce, virgin olive oil, well trimmed lamb, shiitake mushrooms, onion, orange peel
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lamb and Shiitake Stew with Tomato-Chianti Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil; 1 pound well-trimmed lamb shoulder meat or shoulder chops, cut into 3/4-inch cubes; 6 ounces fresh shiitake mushrooms, stemmed, caps cut into 1/2-inch pieces; 1 large onion, coarsely chopped; 2 3x1/2-inch strips orange peel (orange part only); 2 large garlic cloves, minced; 2 teaspoons chopped fresh rosemary; 1 14 1/2-ounce can diced tomatoes in juice; 1 cup Chianti or Sangiovese wine; 10 Kalamata olives or other brine-cured black olives, pitted, halved; 1 cup orzo (rice-shaped pasta), freshly cooked | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat oil in heavy large pot over high heat. Sprinkle lamb with salt and pepper. Add lamb to pot; sauté until light brown, about 5 minutes. Add next 5 ingredients; sauté until onion is golden, about 5 minutes. Add tomatoes with juices and wine; bring to boil. Reduce heat to medium-low, cover, and simmer until lamb is tender, stirring occasionally, about 1 hour 15 minutes. Add olives to stew; simmer uncovered until sauce reduces and thickens slightly, about 5 minutes. Season lamb stew with salt and pepper. (Can be made 1 day ahead. Cool slightly. Refrigerate uncovered until cold, then cover and  <END>
INPUT: toast, salted butter, sugar, cinnamon, vanilla extract, bread
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cinnamon Toast | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 sticks salted butter, softened; 1 cup sugar (or more to taste); 1 tablespoon ground cinnamon; 2 teaspoons vanilla extract (or more to taste); 16 slices bread (whole wheat is great!) | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Smush the softened butter with a fork. Dump in the sugar, cinnamon and vanilla. Stir to completely combine. Spread the mixture on the bread slices, completely covering the surfaces all the way to the edges. Place the bread on a baking sheet and bake for 10 minutes. Turn on the broiler and broil until golden brown and bubbling. Watch so it doesn't burn! Cut the slices into halves diagonally and serve. <END>
INPUT: Italian, ming, Canola oil, fermented beans, garlic, ginger, serrano chiles
OUTPUT: TITLE: Ming's Black Bean Clams, Mussels and Leeks with Angel Hair | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: Canola oil, to cook; 1 tablespoon fermented black beans, rinsed and chopped; 2 tablespoons minced garlic; 1 tablespoon minced ginger; 2 minced serrano chiles; 3 leeks, white part only julienne, save light green part to fry (julienne); 1 pound Littleneck clams, scrubbed; 1 pound PEI mussels, scrubbed, beard removed; 1 cup dry white wine; 1 cup chicken stock; 1 pound angel hair pasta; 1/4 cup Thai basil chiffonade; 1/2 cup creme fraiche; Salt and black pepper to taste; 1 cup rice flour | INSTRUCTIONS: In a hot casserole with lid, coat with oil and saute black beans, garlic, ginger and chiles until soft, about 3 minutes. Add leeks and season. Add clams and stir for 2 minutes. Add mussels, and deglaze with wine. Add stock and cover to steam. Meanwhile, boil pasta in salted water until al dente. When clams and mussels are open, about 5 to 8 minutes (remove any unopened ones which are dead), and add basil, creme fraiche and strained pasta. Check for seasoning. In a 325 degree fryer, coat leeks with flour and fry until golden brown, season and drain on paper towels. PLATING Serve in large pasta  <END>
INPUT: crumble, peaches, honey, unsalted butter, graham crackers, pecans
OUTPUT: TITLE: Baked Peaches with Graham Cracker Crumble | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 small ripe peaches (about 1 1/4 pounds), halved and pitted; 2 tablespoons honey; 4 tablespoons unsalted butter; 4 sheets graham crackers; 1/4 cup pecans, chopped; 2 tablespoons granulated sugar; Vanilla ice cream or Greek yogurt, for serving | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. Arrange the oven racks in the center and lower third of the oven. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Nestle the peaches, cut-side up, in a small baking dish. Drizzle with the honey and dot with 2 tablespoons of the butter cut into small pieces. Pour 2 tablespoons water into the bottom of the dish and cover tightly with aluminum foil. Place on the center rack and bake until the peaches are soft, 25 to 30 minutes. Let stand, uncovered, for 5 minutes. 2. While the peaches bake, make the crumble topping. Put the graham crackers in a small plastic bag and coarsely crush with a rolling pin or can <END>
INPUT: cherry, griddlecakes, apple juice, apple jelly, long cinnamon, all purpose flour, cornmeal
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cornmeal and Cherry Griddlecakes with Apple-Cinnamon Syrup | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups apple juice; 1/2 cup apple jelly; 3-inch long cinnamon stick; 1 cup all-purpose flour; 1/2 cup cornmeal; 3 tablespoons sugar; 2 teaspoons baking powder; 1 teaspoon baking soda; 1/8 teaspoon salt; Heaping 1/3 cup dried cherries; 1 1/4 cups plain yogurt; 2 large eggs; 1/2 stick unsalted butter, melted | INSTRUCTIONS: Make syrup: Boil syrup ingredients in a large saucepan until reduced to 3/4 cup. Set the syrup aside. Make griddlecakes: Whisk together flour, cornmeal, sugar, baking powder, baking soda, and salt in a large bowl, then stir in cherries. Stir together yogurt and eggs with a fork in another bowl and stir into flour mixture with melted butter just until incorporated. Heat a lightly greased large non-stick skillet over moderately low heat until hot. Pour 1/4-cup measures of batter into skillet in batches, forming 3 1/2-inch cakes, and cook about 3 minutes, or until undersides are golden. Turn and  <END>
INPUT: fallen, cake, pecans, all purpose flour, bittersweet semisweet chocolate, unsweetened Dutch Process, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fallen Chocolate Pecan Cake | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup pecans (1-ounce); 3 tablespoons all purpose flour; 3 ounces bittersweet or semisweet chocolate, chopped fine; 1/2 cup unsweetened Dutch Process cocoa powder; 1 cup sugar; 1/2 cup boiling water; 2 egg yolks; 1 tablespoon Bourbon; 4 egg whites, at room temperature; Scant 1/4 teaspoon cream of tartar; 2 to 3 teaspoons powdered sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: 8-inch round spring form pan, 2 1/2 inches deep Position oven rack in the bottom third of the oven and preheat to 375. Spray the bottom and sides of the pan very lightly with vegetable oil spray. In a clean dry food processor or blender, pulverize pecans and flour until the mixture resembles the texture of fine meal. Set aside. In a large mixing bowl, combine chopped chocolate, cocoa, and 3/4 cup sugar. Add boiling water and whisk until chocolate is completely melted. Whisk in egg yolks and Bourbon. Set aside. Combine egg whites with cream of tartar in a medium mixing bowl. Beat on medium spee <END>
INPUT: torte, boiling hot water, dates, walnuts, sugar, matzo meal
OUTPUT: TITLE: Walnut-Date Torte | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup boiling-hot water; 1 1/2 cups pitted dates (1/2 pound), finely chopped; 1 1/2 cups walnuts (5 ounces), toasted and cooled; 3/4 cup sugar, divided; 2/3 cup matzo meal; 1 tablespoon grated orange zest; 1/2 teaspoon ground cardamom; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 4 large eggs, separated, at room temperature 30 minutes; Accompaniment: unsweetened whipped cream; Garnish: Passover powdered sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350°F with rack in middle. Generously grease a 9- by 2-inch round cake pan with softened butter or vegetable oil and dust with some matzo meal, knocking out excess. Pour hot water over dates in a large bowl and let stand 15 minutes to soften. Pulse walnuts in a food processor until chopped, then add 1/4 cup sugar and pulse until nuts are finely ground. Add matzo meal (2/3 cup), zest, cardamom, and salt and pulse until combined. Beat egg whites with a pinch of salt in a bowl using an electric mixer at medium-high speed until they just hold soft peaks. Add remaining 1/2 cup sugar <END>
INPUT: chips, garlic, pita breads
OUTPUT: TITLE: Garlic Pita Chips | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup (1 stick) unsalted butter; 1 large garlic clove, minced; 1/2 teaspoon (generous) fine sea salt; 4 whole pita breads | INSTRUCTIONS: Melt butter with garlic and sea salt in small saucepan over medium heat. Using small sharp serrated knife, cut each pita bread horizontally along outside edges, gently separating each pita bread with hands into 2 flat disks. Preheat broiler. Place 4 pita halves, insides up, in single layer on rimmed baking sheet. Brush pita halves with melted butter mixture. Broil just until pita halves are toasted and golden brown, watching closely to avoid burning, about 2 minutes. Repeat with remaining pita halves and butter mixture. Cool completely. Break pita halves into 2 -to 3-inch pieces. Place pita ch <END>
INPUT: burgers, scallion, garlic, Worcestershire sauce, capers, turkey
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Turkey Burgers | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup chopped scallion (about 1 bunch); 3 large garlic cloves, minced; 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce; 2 tablespoons drained capers, minced; 4 1/2 pounds ground turkey; Accompaniments: homemade tomato ketchup; assorted mustards; 12 onion rolls or hamburger buns | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large bowl stir together scallion, garlic, Worcestershire sauce, capers, and salt and pepper to taste. Add turkey, combining mixture well, and form into twelve 1-inch-thick patties. Burgers may be prepared up to this point 1 day ahead and chilled, covered. Prepare grill. Grill burgers on an oiled rack set 5 to 6 inches over glowing coals 6 minutes on each side, or until cooked through. In a large bowl stir together scallion, garlic, Worcestershire sauce, capers, and salt and pepper to taste. Add turkey, combining mixture well, and form into twelve 1-inch-thick patties. Burgers may be prep <END>
INPUT: pudding, sauce, whipping cream, milk, sugar, amaretto liqueur, cornstarch
OUTPUT: TITLE: Panettone Bread Pudding with Amaretto Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup whipping cream; 1/2 cup whole milk; 3 tablespoons sugar; 1/4 cup amaretto liqueur; 2 teaspoons cornstarch; 1 (1-pound) loaf panettone bread, crusts trimmed, bread cut into 1-inch cubes; 8 large eggs; 1 1/2 cups whipping cream; 2 1/2 cups whole milk; 1 1/4 cups sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. To make the sauce: Bring the cream, milk, and sugar to a boil in a heavy small saucepan over medium heat, stirring frequently. In a small bowl, mix the amaretto and cornstarch to blend and then whisk into the cream mixture. Simmer over medium-low heat until the sauce thickens, stirring constantly, about 2 minutes. Set aside and keep warm. (The amaretto sauce can be made 3 days ahead. Cover and refrigerate. Rewarm before serving.) To make the bread pudding: Lightly butter a 13 by 9 by 2-inch baking dish. Arrange the bread cubes in the prepared dish. In a large bow <END>
INPUT: Asian, dipping, ponzu, mirin, soy sauce, ginger, Sambal oelek
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Hamachi Collar with Ponzu Dipping Sauce | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup ponzu; 1/4 cup mirin; 4 teaspoons soy sauce; 2 teaspoons grated ginger; Sambal oelek (an Asian chili paste); 2 hamachi collars (about 1/2 pound each); Vegetable oil, for brushing; One 2-inch piece daikon radish, peeled and finely grated; 2 or 3 shiso leaves, chopped, optional | INSTRUCTIONS: For the dipping sauce: Mix together the ponzu, mirin, soy sauce and ginger in a small bowl. Add sambal oelek to taste. Set aside half of the sauce for brushing on the fish as it grills. For the fish: Preheat a grill or grill pan to medium heat and brush with oil so the fish doesn't stick. Brush the fish on both sides with dipping sauce and grill for 20 to 25 minutes, flipping and brushing with sauce every 5 minutes. When done, the fish should be crispy and nicely charred and the flesh cooked through. The best way check for doneness is to insert the tip of a knife or a cake tester into the fles <END>
INPUT: chowder, smoky center bacon, garlic, onions, chile pepper, corn
OUTPUT: TITLE: Smoky Corn Chowder | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 ounces smoky lean center cut bacon, chopped; 4 cloves garlic, finely chopped; 2 medium onions, chopped; 1 chile pepper, such as Fresno chile, seeded and chopped; 6 large ears corn, kernels scraped from cob, cobs reserved; 2 tablespoons fresh thyme leaves, finely chopped; 1 tablespoon smoked sweet paprika, scant palmful; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 fresh bay leaves; 1 pound (1 large) starchy potato, peeled and diced; 4 cups chicken stock; 2 tablespoons butter; 1 lime, juiced; Hot sauce; Reserved bacon bits | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Heat the EVOO over medium-high heat in a soup pot. Add the bacon and brown to crisp, then remove with a slotted spoon and reserve the bacon bits. To the bacon drippings, add the garlic, onions and chiles, and cook to soften, 8 to 10 minutes, stirring occasionally. Add the corn and season with the thyme, paprika and salt and pepper, and stir. Add the cobs to the pot along with the bay leaves, potato and cover with the stock. Add a little water to the stock if it does not cover the corn. Cook the soup, partially covered, 20 to 30 minutes. Remove the cobs and bay le <END>
INPUT: gravy, onions, thyme, all purpose flour, tomatoes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tomato Gravy | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup (1 stick) unsalted butter; 2 medium onions, finely chopped; 2 sprigs thyme; 2 tablespoons all-purpose flour; 1 28-ounce can crushed tomatoes; 1/3 cup thinly sliced scallions; 3 tablespoons heavy cream; 1/8 teaspoon (or more) cayenne pepper; Kosher salt, freshly ground pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Melt butter in a large saucepan over medium heat. Add onions and thyme; cook, stirring often, until onions are soft and translucent, about 10 minutes. Add flour; stir constantly for 3 minutes. Add tomatoes with juices; cook over medium heat, stirring occasionally, until thickened and flavors meld, about 30 minutes. Discard thyme. Stir in scallions, cream, and 1/8 teaspoon cayenne. Season to taste with salt, pepper, and more cayenne, if desired. Melt butter in a large saucepan over medium heat. Add onions and thyme; cook, stirring often, until onions are soft and translucent, about 10 minutes.  <END>
INPUT: vegetables, baby carrots, baby pattypan squash, baby golden beets, baby turnips, baby zucchini
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Baby Vegetables | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 20 baby carrots, peeled, tops trimmed; 8 ounces baby pattypan squash, halved; 8 baby golden beets, peeled, halved; 8 baby turnips, peeled, halved, or 3 medium parsnips, quartered lengthwise, cut into 3-inch pieces; 8 ounces baby zucchini, trimmed; 3 tablespoons plus 1 teaspoon extra-virgin olive oil; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh Italian parsley | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 400°F. Combine all vegetables except zucchini in large bowl; toss with 3 tablespoons oil. Spread out vegetables on large rimmed baking sheet; reserve bowl. Sprinkle vegetables with salt and pepper. Roast vegetables 15 minutes. Meanwhile, add zucchini to reserved bowl. Drizzle with 1 teaspoon oil; sprinkle with salt and pepper and toss to coat. Add zucchini to baking sheet with vegetables. Roast until all vegetables are tender, stirring occasionally, about 15 minutes. DO AHEAD: Vegetables can be made up to 2 hours ahead. Let stand at room temperature. Rewarm vegetables in 350°F  <END>
INPUT: tartlets, unbleached all purpose, sugar, salt, crystallized ginger
OUTPUT: TITLE: White Chocolate-Raspberry Crème Brûlée Tartlets | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 cup unbleached all purpose flour; 4 teaspoons sugar; 1/8 teaspoon salt; 1/4 cup (1/2 stick) chilled unsalted butter, cut into 1/2-inch pieces; 1 1/2 teaspoons minced crystallized ginger; 1 tablespoon ice water; 1 tablespoon raspberry preserves, stirred to loosen; 6 tablespoons whipping cream; 1 ounce good-quality white chocolate (such as Lindt or Baker’s), finely chopped; 2 large egg yolks; 1/4 teaspoon vanilla extract; 2 teaspoons sugar; Fresh raspberries | INSTRUCTIONS: For crusts: Blend flour, sugar and salt in processor. Add butter and ginger and process using on/off turns until mixture resembles coarse meal. Add ice water and blend until moist clumps form. Gather dough into ball and divide into 2 pieces. Flatten each into disk and wrap in plastic. Chill until firm, about 1 hour. (Can be made 1 day ahead. Keep refrigerated.) Preheat oven to 375°F. Roll out each dough disk on lightly floured surface to 6-inch round. Press into each of two 4 1/2-inch tartlet pans with removable bottoms. Trim overhang to 1/2 inch. Fold overhang in, pressing to form double-thic <END>
INPUT: pork loin, kosher salt more, pepper, unsalted butter, vegetable oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pork Loin Braised in Milk | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 2-pound boneless pork loin, preferably with a 1/4" layer of fat; 2 teaspoons kosher salt plus more for seasoning; Freshly ground black pepper; 1 tablespoon unsalted butter; 1 tablespoon vegetable oil; 1 1/2 cups whole milk; 1/2 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg | INSTRUCTIONS: Season pork with 2 teaspoons salt and pepper. In a small heavy pot just wide enough to fit pork loin, heat butter and oil over medium-high heat until butter is melted. Add pork and cook, turning occasionally, until browned on all sides, about 10 minutes. Transfer to a plate. Pour off fat in pot; wipe out pot and let pot cool slightly. Add milk and nutmeg. Return pork to pot. Bring milk mixture just to a boil. Reduce heat to medium-low. Cover pot and simmer gently, turning meat every 30 minutes, until meat is tender but not falling apart, about 2 hours. Transfer meat to a cutting board. Let res <END>
INPUT: light butter, chives, pepper, wheat dinner rolls
OUTPUT: TITLE: Dinner Rolls with Chive Butter | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons light butter, softened; 1 tablespoon minced fresh chives; Pinch black pepper; 4 whole-wheat dinner rolls | INSTRUCTIONS: In a small bowl, combine butter, chives, and black pepper. Mix well to combine. Serve with rolls. <END>
INPUT: French, soup, butter, shallot, pepper flakes, all purpose flour, fish stock clam
OUTPUT: TITLE: Oyster and Brie Champagne Soup | CUISINE: French | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 stick butter; 1 large shallot, minced; 1/2 teaspoon red pepper flakes; 1/4 cup all-purpose flour; 3 1/2 cups fish stock or clam juice; 2 cups heavy cream; 3/4 pounds ripe Brie cheese, rind removed and cut up; 1 bunch chives, minced; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 cup Champagne; 2 dozen fresh oysters | INSTRUCTIONS: Melt butter over low heat. Add shallots and red pepper flakes and saute until softened. Sprinkle in flour and cook until lightly colored, roughly 1 minute. Gradually whisk in the stock and cream. Increase heat to medium-high and bring to a boil; reduce to medium-low and simmer for 10 minutes. Add the Brie, chives, salt and pepper, to taste, and stir until melted. Add Champagne. Add the oysters and cook for 3 minutes. <END>
INPUT: American, truffles, crumbled sugar cookies, confectioners' sugar, cream cheese, chocolate hazelnut spread, Toppings your choice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cookie Truffles | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups roughly crumbled sugar cookies; 1/2 cup confectioners' sugar; 4 ounces cream cheese, softened; 2 tablespoons chocolate-hazelnut spread; Toppings of your choice, such as crushed pretzels, toasted and finely chopped pistachios and chocolate cookie crumbs, for rolling | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Mix the crumbled sugar cookies, sugar, cream cheese and chocolate-hazelnut spread in a medium bowl until completely combined. Using your hands and working quickly, shape the cookie mixture into walnut-sized balls. Roll in the toppings of your choice, then refrigerate until serving, at least 30 minutes. <END>
INPUT: crumbs, grain sourdough bread, flat leaf parsley, lemon, garlic, olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lamb Racks with Bread Crumbs, Parsley and Lemon | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 thick slices whole grain or sourdough bread; 1/4 cup finely chopped fresh flat-leaf parsley; 1 lemon, finely zested; 1 clove garlic, crushed; 1/4 cup olive oil, plus more as needed for coating lamb; Sea salt and freshly cracked black pepper; 2 (8-bone) French-trimmed lamb racks; 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat an oven to 350 degrees F. Place the bread on a baking tray, slide it into the oven and toast until the slices are lightly golden, about 20 minutes. Remove the baking tray from the oven, and leave the bread slices out to cool. Using your hands or a food processor, crumble the toasted bread, until bread crumbs form. In a medium bowl, toss together the bread crumbs, parsley, zest, and garlic. Pour in 1/4 cup olive oil, and season with salt and black pepper, to taste. Rub enough extra olive oil to coat the lamb racks. Season the meat liberally with salt and black pepper, to taste. In a lar <END>
INPUT: American, unsalted butter, granulated sugar, salt, egg, all purpose flour
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fried Peach Pie | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 8 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature; 1 1/2 tablespoons granulated sugar; 1/8 teaspoon salt; 1 large egg; 1 1/2 cups all-purpose flour; 2 tablespoons ice water; 1 tablespoon unsalted butter; 1 pound frozen peaches, thawed, or 2 cups sliced fresh peaches; 1/4 cup peach jam or preserves; Pinch of ground cayenne pepper; Pinch of ground white pepper; Vegetable oil for deep frying | INSTRUCTIONS: To prepare the pie dough, beat together the butter, sugar, and salt for 3 minutes on medium speed in the bowl of an electric mixer. Add the egg and beat for 30 seconds. Add the flour and water and beat for 15 seconds. Turn off the machine, scrape down the sides of the bowl, and beat again for 10 seconds. Sccop up the dough with your hands and form it into a 1-inch thick disk. Wrap in plastic wrap and refrigerate for at least 1 hour. Melt the butter over medium-high heat in a medium-sized saute pan. Saute the peaches and sugar until the sugar is dissolved, about 2 minutes. Add the jam or preser <END>
INPUT: napoleon, beets, rice wine vinegar, granulated sugar, virgin olive oil, Herbed Goat Cheese
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Beet Napoleon | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 pounds large yellow or red beets, washed and trimmed; 1/2 cup rice wine vinegar; 1/2 cup granulated sugar; 1 tablespoon extra virgin olive oil; 1/2 recipe Herbed Goat Cheese, recipe follows, cut into 8 round slices; 1 to 1 1/2 cups mixed baby lettuces, washed and dried; 1/4 cup Spago House Dressing, recipe follows; 1/4 cup Citrus Hazelnut Vinaigrette, recipe follows; 1 ounce toasted hazelnuts, recipe follows, coarsely chopped; 2 teaspoons chopped fresh flat-leaf parsley leaves; 2 teaspoons chopped fresh chives; 1 teaspoon chopped fresh thyme leaves; 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 1 (7 or 8-ounce) log goat cheese; 2 large shallots, minced (1 heaping tablespoon) | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Place the beets in a small roasting pan and pour in enough cold water to reach about 1/4 of the way up the sides of the beets. Cover the pan with foil, and roast the beets until they are tender, 2 hours to 2 hours and 15 minutes. To check for doneness, gently insert a bamboo skewer into a beet. The skewer should slide through easily. Remove the beets from the pan, allow to cool, and then peel. Cut each beet into 1/4-inch-thick round slices. Cut each slice with a 3-inch round cookie cutter. (You will need 10 rounds). Cut trimmings into 1/4-inch dice and reserv <END>
INPUT: tarte, tatin, sugar, light corn syrup, Bosc pears, sheet puff pastry
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Pear Tarte Tatin with Brown Sugar-Balsamic Swirl Ice Cream | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup sugar; 1/4 cup (1/2 stick) unsalted butter, cut into small cubes; 2 tablespoons light corn syrup; 4 large Bosc pears (2 1/4 to 2 1/2 pounds), peeled, halved, cored; 1 sheet frozen puff pastry (half of 17.3-ounce package), thawed; 1 1/2 tablespoons pear nectar; Brown Sugar-Balsamic Swirl Ice Cream | INSTRUCTIONS: Position 1 rack in center and 1 rack in top third of oven and preheat to 375°F. Sprinkle sugar evenly over bottom of heavy 9-inch diameter cake pan with 2-inch-high sides.Scatter butter cubes over sugar, then drizzle with light corn syrup. Arrange pear halves, cut side up and narrow end pointing toward center, snugly in cake pan (pears may not lie flat, but will shrink during cooking and fit evenly). Place pan on center rack in oven. Bake pears until tender and dark brown in spots, about 2 3/4 hours. Meanwhile, line large baking sheet with parchment paper. Unfold thawed puff pastry sheet on wo <END>
INPUT: tartlets, Ready made mini, Lemon curd, Meringue, egg yolks, eggs
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lemon Meringue Tartlets | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Ready-made mini pastry shells; Lemon curd, recipe follows; Meringue, recipe follows; 4 egg yolks (pasteurized); 4 whole eggs; 6 1/2 ounces granulated sugar; 1 cup Meyer lemon juice; 3 Meyer lemons, zested; 1 sheet gelatin; 6 ounces butter, cut into cubes; 1 part egg white; 1 1/2 parts sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Spoon a little of the lemon curd into each pastry shell. Pipe a swirl of meringue on top and serve. To make lemon curd: Combine all of the ingredients, except butter, and whip over a double boiler. Whisk the mixture until thickened. Strain the curd into a mixing bowl and mix with paddle to cool. Once the mixture is 140 degrees F add the butter and mix until cool. Store refrigerated, well wrapped, until ready to use. To make meringue: In a double boiler heat the egg white and sugar until all the graininess of the sugar has dissolved. Whip the mixture until cooled  <END>
INPUT: soup, smoky, salmon roe, smoked virgin olive, cauliflower florets, onion, lemon thyme
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cauliflower Soup, Crispy Brussels Sprouts and Smoky Salmon Roe | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 ounce salmon roe; 1 teaspoon smoked extra-virgin olive oil, plus more for garnish; 3 cups cauliflower florets (about 1 small head); 1/2 white onion, coarsely chopped; 2 sprigs fresh lemon thyme, plus 1 teaspoon leaves for garnish; 1 1/2 quarts whole milk; Kosher salt; Extra-virgin olive oil, for frying; 6 or 7 Brussels sprouts, separated into individual leaves; Fleur de sel; 1 tablespoon finely chopped chives; Cracked black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: In a small nonreactive dish, stir together the salmon roe and smoked olive oil. Set aside to infuse the roe with smoky flavor. Place the cauliflower florets in a large pot with the onion, thyme sprigs and milk. Slowly bring to a boil over medium-high heat. Season with kosher salt, cover and simmer for 25 to 30 minutes, until the cauliflower is soft. Discard the lemon thyme sprigs. Transfer the cauliflower mixture to a blender and puree until completely smooth. Taste and season with salt. Fill a medium saucepan with 2 to 3 inches of olive oil. Heat to 350 degrees F. Fry the Brussels sprout leav <END>
INPUT: vegetable oil, all purpose flour, salt, pepper, eggs
OUTPUT: TITLE: Crispy Celery Sticks | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 to 3 cups vegetable oil; 1/2 cup all-purpose flour; 1/2 teaspoon salt, plus extra for sprinkling; 1/2 teaspoon black pepper; 2 eggs, lightly beaten; 1 1/4 cups panko breadcrumbs; 4 celery stalks, cut into 3-inch sticks, 24 sticks in total; Special equipment: deep-fat thermometer | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat about 1 1/2 inches vegetable oil in a medium heavy pot over medium heat to 360 degrees F. Whisk the flour, 1/4 teaspoon salt and 1/4 teaspoon pepper in a shallow bowl. Whisk 1 tablespoon water and the eggs in a separate shallow bowl. Place the breadcrumbs and remaining 1/4 teaspoon salt and pepper in a separate shallow bowl. Toss one-third of the celery in the flour mixture, shaking off excess. Transfer the celery to the egg mixture and turn with a fork to coat. Lift out the coated celeries 2 at a time, letting the excess egg drip off. Place the celery in the breadcrumbs, slightly pressin <END>
INPUT: American, greek, shrimp, oregano, Salt pepper, vegetable oil, cherry Campari tomatoes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Shrimp and Greek Bread Cheese | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 16 large shrimp, peeled and deveined; 1 teaspoon dried oregano; Salt and ground black pepper; 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, divided; 1 pint cherry or Campari tomatoes, halved; 2 Kirby or 4 Persian cucumbers, thinly sliced; 1 cup assorted pitted olives; 2 tablespoons high-quality extra-virgin olive oil, plus more for drizzling; 1 lemon, divided; One 10- to 12-ounce block bread cheese, sliced into four pieces | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat a grill or grill pan to medium-high. Lay 8 wooden skewers in a baking dish and cover with cold water; soak for 15 minutes (you can skip this step if using metal skewers). Thread 4 shrimp onto two skewers for each serving. Season the shrimp with the dried oregano and some salt and pepper and drizzle with 1 tablespoon of vegetable oil. Grill the shrimp, turning occasionally, until pink in color and cooked through, about 5 minutes total. While the shrimp are on the grill, in a medium bowl toss together the tomatoes, cucumbers, olives, olive oil, juice of half the lemon, and some salt and  <END>
INPUT: sandwiches, cayenne, buttermilk, brioche pretzel hamburger, pickle juice, hot sauce
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fried Chicken Sandwiches | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 teaspoon cayenne; 1 1/4 cups buttermilk; 4 brioche or pretzel hamburger buns; 1/3 cup pickle juice, plus 16 dill pickle slices; 2 tablespoons hot sauce; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 4 boneless, skinless chicken thighs; Vegetable oil, for frying; 1 cup vegetable shortening; 2 cups self-rising flour; 1 1/2 teaspoons paprika; 1 teaspoon dry mustard powder | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: a deep-frying thermometer Combine the pickle juice, 1 tablespoon hot sauce and 1/2 teaspoon salt in a large resealable plastic bag. Add the chicken thighs, seal the bag and shake to evenly disperse. Refrigerate and let marinate for at least 2 hours or up to overnight. When ready to fry, remove the chicken from the marinade and pat dry. (Discard the marinade.) Fill a large, wide Dutch oven or pot with about 2 1/2 inches of oil, then add the shortening. Attach a deep-frying thermometer to the side of the pot and bring to 350 degrees F over medium heat. Line a large baking shee <END>
INPUT: crème fraìche sour, lemon peel, pepper salt pepper, smoked salmon, chives
OUTPUT: TITLE: Smoked Salmon with Black Pepper Potato Chips | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup crème fraìche or sour cream; 1 1/2 teaspoons finely grated lemon peel; 16 large black pepper or salt-and-pepper potato chips; 1 4-ounce package thinly sliced smoked salmon, cut into 16 pieces; Chopped fresh chives | INSTRUCTIONS: Stir crème fraìche and lemon peel in small bowl. Arrange potato chips on plate. Divide salmon among chips. Spoon rounded 1/2 teaspoon lemon crème fraìche atop salmon on each chip and sprinkle with chives. Stir crème fraìche and lemon peel in small bowl. Arrange potato chips on plate. Divide salmon among chips. Spoon rounded 1/2 teaspoon lemon crème fraìche atop salmon on each chip and sprinkle with chives. <END>
INPUT: gravy, plum jam, Chinese five spice, peppercorns, water, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Plum-Glazed Roast Turkey with Spinach, Bacon, and Cashew Stuffing and Plum Gravy | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup plum jam (preferably damson plum) or red currant jelly (6 oz); 2 teaspoons Chinese five-spice powder; 2 tablespoons whole black peppercorns; 2 tablespoons water; 1 1/2 teaspoons salt; 1 (12- to 14-lb) turkey (preferably kosher), any feathers and quills removed with tweezers or needlenose pliers, and neck and giblets (excluding liver; 5 to 7 cups spinach, bacon, and cashew stuffing (see stuffed onions ); 1/2 stick (1/4 cup) unsalted butter, melted; Pan juices from roast turkey; About 3 1/2 cups turkey giblet stock; 1/2 cup dry red wine; 1/4 cup plum jam (preferably damson plum) or red currant jelly (3 oz); 1/3 cup all-purpose flour; Special equipment: 2 small metal skewers or wooden toothpicks; kitchen string; an instant-read thermometer | INSTRUCTIONS: Make glaze and roast turkey: Preheat oven to 425°F. Simmer jam, five-spice powder, peppercorns, water, and 1/2 teaspoon salt in a small saucepan, stirring, until jam is melted, about 3 minutes. Pour glaze through a fine-mesh sieve into a small bowl, pressing on and discarding solids, then cool. Rinse turkey inside and out and pat dry. Season inside and out with remaining teaspoon salt. Loosely fill large body cavity (and neck cavity if desired) with stuffing and tie drumsticks together with string. Fold neck skin under body and secure with skewers, then tuck wings under. Put turkey on a rack s <END>
INPUT: country style pork, low salt chicken, garlic, bay leaves, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Braised Pork with Mojo Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 5 1/2 pounds boneless country-style pork ribs, excess fat trimmed, cut into 2- to 3-inch pieces; 2 14-ounce cans low-salt chicken broth; 1 large head garlic, peeled, chopped; 2 bay leaves; 1 teaspoon salt; 1 teaspoon ground black pepper; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1 large onion, thinly sliced; Mojo Sauce | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 400°F. Combine pork, broth, half of garlic, bay leaves, salt, and pepper in large ovenproof pot. Cover tightly; bake until pork is very tender, about 1 hour 30 minutes. Using slotted spoon, transfer pork to bowl. Boil liquid in pot until reduced to 1 1/2 cups, about 30 minutes. Return pork to pot; simmer until heated through, about 5 minutes. Meanwhile, heat oil in heavy large skillet over medium-high heat. Add onion and remaining garlic; sauté until onion is tender and golden brown, about 12 minutes. Season with salt and pepper. Transfer pork to plates; spoon some pan juices o <END>
INPUT: mangoes, Dark rum, Superfine sugar exotic, kiwis, mint leaves garnish
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mango Under Kiwis | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 ripe mangoes, peeled and chopped; Dark rum (or lime juice) to taste; Superfine sugar or exotic honey ((Leatherwood honey from Tasmania) - to taste; 4 chilled kiwis, peeled and thinly sliced; Fresh mint leaves for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Puree mango through a food mill; season to taste with lime juice, sugar or honey. Spread puree on bottom of a chilled dessert plate and center kiwi slices in the middle; garnish with mint. <END>
INPUT: ragu, nachos, garlic, celery, onions, fennel bulb, virgin olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spicy Sausage Ragu Nachos With Pickled Onions | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 cloves garlic, smashed; 2 stalks celery, diced; 2 onions, diced; 1 small fennel bulb, top and core removed, diced; 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; Kosher salt; 2 cups tomato paste; 2 cups hearty red wine; 2 pounds spicy Italian sausage, casings removed; 2 bay leaves; 1 bunch thyme, tied with butcher's twine; 3/4 cup red wine vinegar; 1 1/2 tablespoons sugar; Kosher salt; 2 to 3 dashes hot sauce (such as Tabasco) | INSTRUCTIONS: Make the ragu: Put the garlic, celery, onions and fennel in a food processor and puree to make a coarse paste. Coat a wide, deep pan with the olive oil and put over medium-high heat. Add the pureed veggies and season with salt; cook until all the liquid has evaporated and the veggies begin to stick to the pan-you want to brown the crap out of these guys until crud starts to form on the bottom of the pan. Stir occasionally to scrape up the browned bits, then let the crud form again. Be patient here and don't rush it: This is where the big flavor develops; it will take up to 30 minutes. When the <END>
INPUT: Indian, sour, spring, shrimp, turkey pork, scallions, pepper, Chinese mushrooms
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sweet and Sour Curry Spring Rolls | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound shrimp; 1 pound minced turkey or minced pork; 8 scallions; 1 red pepper; 4 ounces Chinese mushrooms, soaked in water 20 minutes; 1 small piece ginger; 8-ounce can water chestnuts; 1/2 Chinese medium sized cabbage; 1 tablespoon dry sherry; 3/4 tablespoon white vinegar; 1 tablespoons soy sauce; 1 teaspoon sugar; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1 1/2 teaspoons curry powder, or to taste; 2 teaspoons molasses | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: 1 damp clean hand or kitchen towel Wood chopsticks Shell and de-vein shrimp, and put into food processor. Add minced meat, finely chopped scallions, finely chopped red pepper, finely chopped mushrooms, grated ginger, chopped water chestnuts, shredded cabbage, sherry, vinegar, soy sauce, sugar, salt, curry powder, molasses, chili powder and process slowly only until shrimp is coarsely chopped in the food processor and watching closely not to over process shrimp. In a wok, or heated saute pan, add tablespoon of oil and saute mixture until 3/4 cooked, on high heat about 3 to 4  <END>
INPUT: spongecake, Lyle's Golden Syrup, superfine granulated sugar, eggs, self rising all
OUTPUT: TITLE: Steamed Golden Syrup Spongecake | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 stick (1/2 cup) unsalted butter, softened, plus additional for greasing bowl; 1/4 cup Lyle's Golden Syrup*, plus additional for drizzling; 1/3 cup superfine granulated sugar; 2 large eggs; 1 1/3 cups self-rising all-purpose flour; 1/2 cup whole milk; 1 cup heavy cream; Special equipment: a deep heatproof bowl (1-qt; not plastic); kitchen string | INSTRUCTIONS: Add 2 inches water to a large wide pot. Set a rack or a few metal cookie cutters in bottom of pot and bring water to a boil. Bring 3 cups additional water to a simmer in a small saucepan. Butter heatproof bowl, then pour 1/4 cup syrup into bottom. Beat together butter and sugar in another bowl with an electric mixer at medium speed until pale and fluffy. Beat in eggs 1 at a time, then add flour and milk alternately in batches, beating until combined. Pour batter over syrup. Cover bowl with a large round of wax paper, then top with foil, crimping tightly around edge. Tie string around rim to se <END>
INPUT: Mexican, relish, onions, olive oil, Salt pepper, pineapple, jalapeno
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pineapple and Grilled Onion Relish | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2 green onions; 2 tablespoons olive oil, divided; Salt and freshly ground pepper; 1 small ripe pineapple, peeled and diced; 1 small jalapeno, finely chopped; 2 tablespoons fresh lime juice; 2 tablespoons coarsely chopped cilantro | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat grill. Brush the green onions with 1 tablespoon of olive oil and season with salt and pepper. Grill the onions until almost cooked though and finely slice. Place the onions, pineapple, jalapeno in a medium bowl and stir to combine. Add the lime juice, the remaining tablespoon of olive oil and cilantro. Serve at room temperature. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, rubbed, ancho chile peppers, sesame seeds, cumin seeds, Fresno chile pepper, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Ancho-Rubbed Turkey | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2 dried ancho chile peppers; 1 tablespoon sesame seeds; 1 1/2 teaspoons cumin seeds; 1 red Fresno chile pepper, stemmed and quartered; 6 cloves garlic, halved; 1 bunch scallions, roughly chopped; 1/4 bunch fresh parsley, leaves and stems separated; 1/2 small bunch fresh cilantro, leaves and stems separated; 1/3 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 1/4 cup raisins; Kosher salt; 1 12- to 14-pound turkey, thawed if frozen; Freshly ground pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook the ancho chiles, sesame seeds and cumin seeds in a small dry skillet over medium heat, stirring, until the seeds are toasted and the anchos are pliable, 3 minutes. Transfer the anchos to a bowl; transfer the seeds to a food processor. Cover the anchos with hot water and let soften, 5 to 10 minutes; drain, then remove the stems and seeds. Add the anchos to the food processor. Add the Fresno chile, garlic, scallions, parsley and cilantro leaves, olive oil, raisins and 1 tablespoon salt to the food processor. Pulse to make a paste. Remove the neck and giblets from the turkey; set aside for  <END>
INPUT: American, pops, chocolate chocolate almond, candy melting wafers, Orange candy melting, regular marshmallows, pecans
OUTPUT: TITLE: Marshmallow Pops | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound chocolate or white chocolate almond bark (or both); Blue candy melting wafers, for coating; Orange candy melting wafers, for coating; 12 regular marshmallows; 1/2 cup chopped pecans; 4 graham crackers, crumbled; Crushed chocolate sandwich cookies, such as Oreos, for topping; Assorted sprinkles such as blue, chocolate and rainbow, for topping | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Special equipment: 12 lollipop sticks (sold in craft stores) Melt the chocolate or white (or both) almond bark in a double boiler (melt them separately if using both). Next melt the blue and orange candy melting wafers separately in double boilers. Stir them all until they are nice and smooth. These will be your marshmallow coatings. One by one, dip the very tip of each lollipop stick into one of the coatings. Then stick that end of the stick into a marshmallow until it's not quite all the way through. Repeat with the rest of the marshmallows, standing them up as <END>
INPUT: empanadas, piqullo, olive oil, onion, garlic, jarred piquillo peppers, Salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Egg and Ham Empanadas with Piqullo Pepper Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 tablespoons olive oil; 1/2 small red onion, chopped; 2 cloves garlic, chopped; 8 ounces canned or jarred piquillo peppers, drained; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 tablespoon red wine vinegar; 2 tablespoons creme fraiche or sour cream; Honey, to taste; 1/4 cup chopped fresh cilantro leaves; Nonstick spray; 4 tablespoons very cold unsalted butter, finely diced; 1 cup finely diced leftover baked ham; 8 large eggs, whisked until light and fluffy, plus 2 beaten with 2 tablespoons water, for egg wash; 2 green onions, green and pale green parts halved lengthwise and thinly sliced crosswise; 1/4 cup crumbled soft goat cheese | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. For the piquillo pepper sauce: Heat 1 tablespoon of the olive oil in a small skillet over medium-high heat. Add the onions and cook until soft, about 4 minutes. Add the garlic and cook for 30 seconds. Stir in the piquillo peppers, season with salt and pepper and cook for 5 minutes. Transfer the mixture to a blender, and with the blender running, add the remaining 3 tablespoons olive oil and the vinegar and blend until smooth and silky. Add the creme fraiche and a touch of honey and pulse a few times just to incorporate; taste, pulse in a bit more honey if necessa <END>
INPUT: crostini, loaf bread, sea scallops, virgin olive oil, cilantro
OUTPUT: TITLE: Scallop and Shrimp Crostini | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 loaf bread (good Italian, not sourdough); 8 ounces fresh sea scallops; 8 ounces peeled, deveined shrimp; Extra virgin olive oil, for drizzling; 1/4 cup chopped fresh cilantro; Sea salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Slice loaf of bread 1/4-inch thick. Combine scallops and shrimp in food processor, coarsely chop. Spread chopped mixture on slices of bread and bake on low heat in a preheated 400 degree oven until cooked through. Drizzle with olive oil on top of crostini, sprinkle with salt and garnish with chopped cilantro. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, achiote paste, olive oil, cumin, coriander, Mexican oregano
OUTPUT: TITLE: Achiote Marinated Cornish Hens Stuffed with Chorizo and Mustard Greens | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 package achiote paste; 1/2 cup olive oil; 1 teaspoon toasted cumin; 1 teaspoon ground coriander; 1 teaspoon Mexican oregano; 5 tablespoons chopped garlic, divided; 2 poussins or Cornish hens; 4 large links hard, dried Spanish chorizo, diced; 1 Spanish onion, diced; 1 bunch mustard greens, cleaned, trimmed and roughly chopped; 1/2 cup chicken stock; 1 baking potato (russet) peeled, diced, and blanched; 2 tablespoons sliced green olives; Salt and freshly ground pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Combine in a food processor the achiote paste, olive oil, cumin, coriander, oregano, and 1 tablespoon garlic. Make sure to puree all these ingredients until it becomes a paste. Rub the marinade inside the Cornish hen cavities, underneath the skin, as well as outside. Allow the hens to marinade overnight, refrigerated. Next day, heat up a large saute pan. Add the chorizo and cook until crispy, about 5 minutes. Add the onion and remaining 4 tablespoons garlic and cook for another 2 minutes. Add the mustard greens and deglaze with the chicken stock. Cook until g <END>
INPUT: kiss, raspberry liqueur, pineapple juice, cranberry juice, sparkling wine, raspberries
OUTPUT: TITLE: Raspberry Kiss | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup black raspberry liqueur (recommended: Chambord); 1/2 cup pineapple juice; 2 tablespoons white cranberry juice; 1 bottle dry sparkling wine; Fresh raspberries, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: In a pitcher, combine the liqueur, pineapple juice and cranberry juice. Chill in the fridge at least 2 hours. Pour 2 tablespoons of the mixture into flutes and top off with sparkling wine. Garnish with a fresh raspberry. <END>
INPUT: paste, scallions, virgin olive oil, Optional lemon zest, blanched almonds
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fresh Mint Paste | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups (packed) fresh mint leaves; 1 to 2 scallions, thinly sliced; About 1/3 cup extra virgin olive oil; Optional addition: grated lemon zest and juice; 1/4 cup ground blanched almonds; Salt and pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Rinse mint leaves and pat dry. In a food processor, puree mint with scallions until coarsely chopped. While the processor is running, slowly drizzle in the oil and process until finely pureed. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Fold in grated lemon zest and juice to taste. Add almonds or not, as you wish (you can also do this at the last minute) USES: A mint puree is delicious in chicken salads or chicken and grain salads. <END>
INPUT: Italian, live lobsters, olive oil, shallots, Cognac brandy, wine
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fricassée of Lobster with Pasta | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 2 1 1/2-pound whole live lobsters; 1/4 cup olive oil; 9 shallots, chopped (about 1 1/2 cups); 2 tablespoons Cognac or brandy; 1 cup dry white wine; 1 1/2 cups whipping cream; 6 ounces angel hair pasta | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook lobsters in large pot of boiling salted water 4 minutes (lobsters will not be completely cooked through). Working over bowl to collect juices, twist off lobster heads to separate from tails. Cut heads in half lengthwise. Cut tails into thick medallions (do not remove shells). Crack claws but leave intact. Heat oil in heavy large skillet over high heat. Add shallots and sauté until soft, about 5 minutes. Add lobster with shells and juices and Cognac and ignite carefully. Cover skillet to extinguish flame. Add wine and simmer 3 minutes. Add cream and simmer until sauce thickens slightly, ab <END>
INPUT: American, burgers, sweet potato, Kosher salt, millet, chickpeas, wheat breadcrumbs
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sweet Potato Millet Burgers | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 small sweet potato (about 6 ounces), peeled and chopped into 1/2-inch pieces; Kosher salt; 1/2 cup millet; 1/2 cup cooked chickpeas (rinsed, if canned), smashed with a fork; 3/4 cup whole-wheat breadcrumbs; 1 4-ounce can chopped roasted green chiles; (preferably Hatch New Mexican chiles); 1 small shallot, very finely chopped; 1 teaspoon ground cumin; 1 teaspoon sweet paprika; 3/4 teaspoon onion powder; 1 large egg; 1/4 cup cornmeal; 1 to 2 tablespoons canola oil, or olive oil mister or nonstick pan spray; 4 whole-wheat burger buns, lightly toasted | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring 1 1/2 cups water to a boil in a small saucepan. Add the sweet potato and 3/4 teaspoon salt, reduce the heat to medium low and cook 10 minutes. Add the millet and chickpeas, reduce the heat to low and cook, covered and stirring occasionally, until the millet is tender and absorbs all of the water, about 20 minutes (add more water, if needed). Turn off the heat and transfer the mixture to a medium bowl, letting it cool slightly. Stir in 1/2 cup breadcrumbs, the chiles, shallot, cumin, paprika, onion powder and 3/4 teaspoon salt. Shape the mixture into 4 patties, pressing them so they are a <END>
INPUT: American, onion, eggs
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spinach Pie | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 560g (1lb 4oz) spinach, washed; 1 onion, chopped; 2 eggs, beaten; 250g (10oz) cottage cheese; 250g (10oz) Parmesan cheese, freshly grated; 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 1/4 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg; 23cm (9in) pie dish or several smaller individual pie dishes | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. Preheat oven to 180°C/350°F/Gas 4. 2. Steam the spinach, drain well and roughly chop. In a large bowl, mix the cooked spinach with the onion, beaten eggs and both types of cheese. Beat well and season with pepper and nutmeg. 3. Transfer mixture to one large pie dish, or individual dishes if using. Bake in preheated oven for 25–30 minutes. 1. Preheat oven to 180°C/350°F/Gas 4. 2. Steam the spinach, drain well and roughly chop. In a large bowl, mix the cooked spinach with the onion, beaten eggs and both types of cheese. Beat well and season with pepper and nutmeg. 3. Transfer mixture to one l <END>
INPUT: lure, fish, lobsters, carrot, celery, bulb fennel, olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lure's Fish Soup | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 fresh whole lobsters (save meat to garnish soup); 1 carrot stalk; 1 rib celery; 1/2 bulb fennel; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 2 tablespoons tomato paste; 1 cup vermouth; 2 quarts water; 1 carrot stalk; 1 rib celery; 1 head fennel; 2 parsnips; 4 cloves garlic; 1 white onion; 1 orange, zested and juiced | INSTRUCTIONS: For the Lobster Stock: Steam lobsters for 5 to 6 minutes in a large pot with a few inches of boiling water until bright pink and meat is just cooked. Split lobster bodies in half. Chop vegetables into 1 to 2-inch pieces. In a deep pot, heat olive oil until very hot and add the halved lobster bodies. Saute until the lobster is caramelized to a golden brown, then and add the chopped vegetables. Cook and stir vegetables and lobster continuously for 5 to 6 minutes until the vegetables are soft. Remove meat from the lobster and set aside. Return the lobster shells to the pot, if desired, add the to <END>
INPUT: Italian, zoo animal shaped, peas carrots, roasted peppers, light Caesar dressing, Salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Zoo Pasta | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 8 ounces zoo animal shaped pasta; 8 ounces frozen peas and carrots, thawed; 1/4 cup roasted red peppers, diced; 1/4 cup light Caesar dressing or light ranch dressing; Salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring a large pot of water to boil over high heat. Add pasta to boiling water and cook for 10 to 12 minutes or until pasta is tender, stirring occasionally. Remove pasta from heat and drain carefully in colander. Return pasta to pot. Add vegetables and salad dressing. Stir over medium-heat until heated through; about 3 minutes. Sprinkle with salt and pepper, to taste, and stir. Remove from heat and serve immediately. <END>
INPUT: Italian, southwestern, spaghetti, onion flakes, garlic powder, low sodium vegetable
OUTPUT: TITLE: Southwestern Spaghetti | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound spaghetti; 1 (28-ounce) can diced tomatoes; 1 teaspoon onion flakes; 1/2 teaspoon garlic powder; 1 low-sodium vegetable bouillon cube, broken up; 2 pickled jalapenos, seeded and chopped; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1/4 cup grated Parmesan | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook spaghetti according to package directions. Drain and set aside. In a blender, combine tomatoes, onion flakes, garlic powder, bouillon cube, and jalapeno. Process until smooth. Transfer mixture to a saucepan and set pan over medium-high heat. Simmer for 5 minutes. Season, to taste, with salt and black pepper. Transfer spaghetti to a serving platter and top with sauce. Sprinkle Parmesan over top. Serve with garlic bread from the freezer section, cooked according to package directions. <END>
INPUT: tartlets, sheet puff pastry, almond paste, plums, egg, sugar crystals
OUTPUT: TITLE: Plum-Almond Tartlets | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 sheet frozen puff pastry (half of 17.3-ounce package), thawed; 4 tablespoons almond paste, crumbled; 4 plums, halved, pitted, cut into 1/4-inch-thick wedges; 1 large egg, beaten to blend; Raw sugar crystals; Sliced almonds; 2 large plums, coarsely grated; 1/3 cup plum jam; 1 tablespoon butter; 1 tablespoon sugar; 1/4 teaspoon ground allspice; Vanilla ice cream; Ingredient info: Almond paste is available at supermarkets and specialty foods stores | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 400°F. Line rimmed baking sheet with parchment. Unfold pastry; cut into 4 squares. Set on sheet; pierce all over with fork. Sprinkle 1 tablespoon almond paste over each square, leaving 1/2-inch border. Place plum wedges atop pastry, leaving 1/2-inch border. Cut 1/2-inch slits around edges of tartlets. Brush edges with egg; sprinkle with raw sugar and almonds. Bring grated plums, jam, butter, sugar, and allspice to boil in small saucepan, stirring often. Brush 1/2 tablespoon plum sauce over plums on tartlets. Bake tartlets until golden, about 20 minutes. Serve with ice cream and <END>
INPUT: Asian, water, wasabi powder, reduced sodium soy, peanut oil, Sherry
OUTPUT: TITLE: Seared Tuna with Green Onion-Wasabi Sauce | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup water; 3 tablespoons wasabi powder (horseradish powder); 1/3 cup reduced-sodium soy sauce; 3 tablespoons peanut oil; 1 tablespoon dry Sherry; 1 1/2 teaspoons oriental sesame oil; 1 1/2 teaspoons minced fresh ginger; 4 green onions, very thinly sliced; 4 6-ounceahi tuna steaks (each about 1 inch thick); 1 cucumber, peeled, seeded, cut into matchstick-size strips; 1/2 cup radish sprouts | INSTRUCTIONS: Whisk 1/2 cup water and wasabi powder in medium bowl to form smooth paste. Whisk in soy sauce, 2 tablespoons peanut oil, Sherry, sesame oil and ginger. Stir in green onions. Set aside. Sprinkle tuna with salt and pepper. Heat remaining 1 tablespoon peanut oil in heavy large skillet over high heat. Add tuna and sear until opaque in center, about 3 minutes per side. Spoon cucumber onto center of plates. Top with tuna. Spoon sauce around. Garnish with radish sprouts. Whisk 1/2 cup water and wasabi powder in medium bowl to form smooth paste. Whisk in soy sauce, 2 tablespoons peanut oil, Sherry, se <END>
INPUT: Italian, risotto, grapeseed oil, rosemary, thyme, kosher salt, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pan-Seared Halibut with White Asparagus Risotto and Pea Purée | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons grapeseed oil; 2 tablespoons minced fresh rosemary; 2 tablespoons minced fresh thyme; 1 tablespoon kosher salt; 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 4 (6- to 8-ounce) skinless, boneless halibut fillets; 4 pieces caul fat*; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1 cup blanched peas; 1/4 cup blanched baby spinach; 1 tablespoon freshly squeezed lemon juice; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 bunch white asparagus, peeled; 6 tablespoons unsalted butter; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Marinate the halibut: In a large bowl or baking dish, whisk together the oil, rosemary, thyme, salt, and pepper. Add the halibut and stir to coat it in the marinade. Cover with plastic wrap and marinate, in the refrigerator, 20 to 30 minutes. In a large bowl or baking dish, whisk together the oil, rosemary, thyme, salt, and pepper. Add the halibut and stir to coat it in the marinade. Cover with plastic wrap and marinate, in the refrigerator, 20 to 30 minutes. Make the pea purée: In a blender or food processor, blend together the peas, spinach, and lemon juice, stopping and scraping down the si <END>
INPUT: Italian, carciofi, artichokes, lemon, fettuccine pasta, virgin olive oil, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fettuccine con Carciofi: Fettuccine with Artichokes | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 4 artichokes; 1 lemon, halved; 1 pound/450 g fettuccine pasta; 4 tablespoons/60 ml extra-virgin olive oil; 2 cloves garlic, chopped; 2 dried chile peppers, crushed, optional; 20 cherry tomatoes, halved; I cup/240 ml white wine; 1 (25-ounce/750 ml) jar tomato puree; 6 fresh mint leaves, chopped; Salt; 2 tablespoons/30 ml unsalted butter; Generous sprinkle freshly grated Parmigiano cheese | INSTRUCTIONS: Clean the artichokes by removing all the tough outer leaves until you get to a pale yellow center. Peel the outer tough skin of the artichoke stems with a paring knife. Trim 1/3 off the tops of each artichoke and rub with lemon. Squeeze the lemon juice into a bowl of cool water and place all the cleaned artichokes in to prevent them from browning. Place the fettuccine in salted boiling water. Stir to prevent the strands from sticking together. Add the olive oil, garlic and chile, if using, to a saucepan and saute until golden. Remove the artichokes from the water and roughly chop. Add the chop <END>
INPUT: potatoes, dill, butter, sour cream
OUTPUT: TITLE: Steamed New Potatoes with Parsley and Dill | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 pound small red potatoes, quartered lengthwise; 2 teaspoons dill; 2 teaspoons minced, fresh parsley leaves; 1 tablespoon butter, softened; 1 tablespoon sour cream; Salt and pepper, to taste | INSTRUCTIONS: In a steamer set over boiling water, steam the potatoes, covered, for 10 to 12 minutes, or until they are just tender. While the potatoes are steaming, in a bowl, stir together the dill, the parsley, butter, sour cream, and the salt and pepper to taste. Add the potatoes to the herb mixture and toss them well. <END>
INPUT: Italian, Kosher salt, gemelli pasta, beans, skinned potatoes, virgin olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Gemelli with Pesto, Potatoes and Green Beans | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: Kosher salt; 10 ounces gemelli pasta; 8 ounces green beans, halved crosswise; 4 small red-skinned potatoes (about 8 ounces); 1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil; Freshly ground pepper; 1 7-ounce container refrigerated pesto (about 3/4 cup); 1 teaspoon grated lemon zest | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add the pasta and cook as the label directs; add the beans during the last 2 minutes of cooking. Reserve 3/4 cup cooking water, then drain. Set the pot aside. Meanwhile, pierce the potatoes all over with a fork. Microwave until tender, about 5 minutes. Let cool slightly, then chop. Heat the olive oil in the reserved pot over medium-high heat. Add the potatoes, season with salt and pepper and cook, stirring occasionally, until lightly browned, about 5 minutes. Add the pasta and green beans and stir to coat. Remove from the heat and add the pesto, lem <END>
INPUT: Italian, pesto, pasta, walnut halves, basil leaves, garlic, broccoli florets tender, low sodium vegetable
OUTPUT: TITLE: Broccoli-Walnut Pesto With Pasta | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1/3 cup walnut halves; 1/2 cup packed fresh basil leaves, plus a few sprigs, for garnish; 1 clove garlic, smashed; 1 1/2 cups chopped raw broccoli florets and tender stems (about 4 ounces); 1/4 cup low-sodium vegetable broth; 1/4 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg; 1/4 teaspoon red pepper flakes, optional; Kosher salt; Juice of 1/2 small lemon (1 tablespoon); 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 3 tablespoons freshly grated Parmigiano-Reggiano, Romano or grana padano cheese; 10 ounces whole wheat or tri-color fusilli | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Spread the nuts out on a small baking pan and toast lightly, about 5 minutes. Set aside to cool. Pulse together 1/4 cup of the walnuts and the garlic in a food processor; add the broccoli, basil, broth, nutmeg, red pepper flakes if using, 3/4 teaspoon salt and the lemon juice, and pulse until just combined. Slowly drizzle in the oil through the feed tube with the processor running and puree until a slightly chunky sauce forms, scraping down the sides of the bowl as needed. Add 2 tablespoons of the cheese and pulse until incorporated. Cook the pasta in a large <END>
INPUT: rainbow, each, olive oil, Salt pepper, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: A Rainbow of Grilled Peppers | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 each red, yellow, and orange bell peppers; 2 tablespoons olive oil; Salt and pepper, to taste; 3 large cloves of garlic, thinly sliced; 1 tablespoon (drained) large capers; 1 tablespoon whole fresh oregano leaves; 8 slices peasant bread, toasted | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. To roast the peppers: Cut off the stems, then cut the peppers in half lengthwise. Core, seed and carefully trim off all of the inner white connective tissue. Lay the pepper halves skin-side up in a single layer on a baking sheet. Broil about 3 inches from the heat until the skins are charred black, 12 to 15 minutes. 2. Remove the peppers from the broiler and place them in a paper or plastic bag; seal tightly and let the peppers steam inside the bag for about 15 minutes. Then slip off the charred skins and proceed with the recipe. 3. Arrange the peppers decoratively on a platter. Drizzle wit <END>
INPUT: Asian, relish, bell peppers, cilantro, ginger, wine vinegar, virgin olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Crispy Pork Chops with Roasted Pepper Relish | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 2 bell peppers (1 red and 1 yellow); 2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro; 1/4 teaspoon finely grated fresh ginger; 1 tablespoons white wine vinegar; 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper; 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard; 1 tablespoon dark brown sugar; 1 teaspoon soy sauce; About 1 1/2 cups panko (Japanese breadcrumbs); 4 bone-in thin pork chops (about 1/4-inch thick); Vegetable oil, for frying | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. Position a rack close to the broiler and preheat to high. Halve the peppers lengthwise, remove the seeds and place the peppers, cut-side down, on a broiler pan. Broil the peppers, until the skins blister and char slightly, 5 to 7 minutes. Transfer to a bowl and cover and set aside to steam, about 5 minutes more. When cool enough to handle, rinse or scrape the skin off the peppers. Dice or slice the peppers. 2. Toss the peppers in bowl with the cilantro, ginger, vinegar, and tk olive oil. Season with 1 teaspoon salt and some pepper. Set aside. 3. Mix the mustard, brown sugar, and soy sauce i <END>
INPUT: wrapped, ponzu, monkfish, Napa cabbage leaves, ginger, carrot, chives
OUTPUT: TITLE: Napa Cabbage Wrapped Monkfish with Ponzu Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound monkfish, cut into 4 equal fillets; 8 Napa cabbage leaves; 2 tablespoons minced fresh ginger (3/4 teaspoon ginger per fillet); 1/2 cup diced carrot (1 tablespoon per fillet); 4 teaspoons chopped chives (1/2 teaspoon per fillet); 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 2 tablespoons lime juice; 2 tablespoons low-sodium tamari sauce; 2 tablespoons water; 1 tablespoon rice vinegar; 1 teaspoon minced ginger; 2 teaspoons sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: In a metal or bamboo steamer basket, steam monkfish for 2 minutes. Remove from steamer and halve. Place cabbage leaves in steamer basket and cook for 5 minutes or until tender. Lay cabbage leaves on a flat surface. Place 3/4 teaspoon ginger, 1 tablespoon carrots, and 1/2 teaspoon chives on each cabbage leaf, followed by 1/2 fillet of monkfish. Season with a pinch of salt and pepper. Roll, folding in sides to enclose monkfish. Steam for 4 to 5 more minutes or until fish is cooked through. Combine all ingredients for ponzu sauce in a blender container and puree. Strain, if desired. Serve 2 table <END>
INPUT: Asian, strudels, figs, pears, sugar, cranberry raspberry concentrate, lemon peel
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pear and Fig Strudels with Ginger Cream | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 pounds fresh figs, stemmed, each cut into 6 wedges (about 5 cups); 1 1/2 pounds firm but ripe pears; 1/2 cup sugar; 1/2 cup frozen cranberry-raspberry concentrate, thawed; 1 1/2 teaspoons grated lemon peel; 6 tablespoons dry breadcrumbs; 4 tablespoons sugar; 1 1/2 teaspoons ground cinnamon; 10 frozen phyllo sheets, thawed; 3/4 cup (1 1/2 sticks) unsalted butter, melted; Ginger Cream | INSTRUCTIONS: For filling: Preheat oven to 450°F. Generously butter large baking sheet. Place figs and pear pieces in single layer on prepared sheet. Sprinkle with sugar. Roast until tender and beginning to brown around edges, about 20 minutes. Transfer fruit and any juices from sheet to medium bowl. Cool. Stir in cranberry-raspberry concentrate and lemon. Chill until cold. Preheat oven to 450°F. Generously butter large baking sheet. Place figs and pear pieces in single layer on prepared sheet. Sprinkle with sugar. Roast until tender and beginning to brown around edges, about 20 minutes. Transfer fruit and  <END>
INPUT: crunchy, Yukon gold potatoes, rosemary, Kosher salt pepper, virgin olive oil, bacon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Crunchy Roasted Rosemary Potatoes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 to 8 large Yukon gold potatoes, cut into large chunks; 4 sprigs fresh rosemary; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; Extra-virgin olive oil; 6 strips bacon, fried and crumbled; 1/4 cup grated Parmesan; 1/4 cup pine nuts, toasted | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Put the potatoes onto a baking sheet. Roughly tear the rosemary and scatter it over the potatoes; season them with salt and pepper and drizzle with olive oil. Toss the potatoes well to mix all the flavors and put them in the oven. Remove them after 30 minutes and toss them again. Continue to roast them until they are browned and cooked through, about 30 to 40 minutes more. While hot, top with crumbed bacon, Parmesan and pine nuts. Serve immediately. <END>
INPUT: Asian, tataki, ginger, sesame seeds, pepper, very, Kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tuna Tataki | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup minced ginger; 1/4 cup sesame seeds; 1 tablespoon cracked black pepper; 1/2 pound very fresh, sushi-grade ahi tuna; Kosher salt; 3 tablespoons peanut oil, for searing; 1 tablespoon lime juice; 1 medium-size, ripe avocado, peeled, pitted, quartered and sliced; 2 cups mixed greens; 12 thin slices red onion; 1 medium tomato, peeled, seeded, and diced; Ginger Sauce, recipe follows; 1 small shallot, minced; 1/2 teaspoon finely grated fresh ginger; Freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: On a shallow plate, mix together the ginger, sesame seeds, and cracked black pepper. Season the tuna with salt. Make 1/2-inch deep slices in the tuna, every 1/4- to 1/2-inch or so to make it easier to slice at the end. Roll the tuna in the ginger mixture, pressing lightly so the mixture sticks to the tuna. Place a saute pan over high heat. Add the oil and sear the tuna on all sides, about 30 seconds per side. Remove the tuna from the pan and set aside. Deglaze the pan with lime juice. Pour the lime juice over the tuna. In a bowl combine the avocado, greens, red onion, and tomato. Toss with som <END>
INPUT: Mexican, soup, diameter corn tortillas, vegetable oil, chili powder, poblano chili, cumin seeds
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tortilla Soup | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 6 6-inch-diameter corn tortillas; Nonstick vegetable oil spray; 1 teaspoon chili powder; 1 poblano chili*; 1 teaspoon cumin seeds; 2 tablespoons vegetable oil; 1/2 cup finely chopped onion; 2 garlic cloves, minced; 3 14 1/2-ounce cans vegetable broth; 1 14 1/2-ounce can diced tomatoes in juice; 1 tablespoon fresh lime juice; 1 ripe avocado, pitted, peeled, cubed; 1/4 cup chopped fresh cilantro | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350°F. Cut 2 tortillas into matchstick-size strips. Arrange strips on baking sheet; spray with nonstick spray. Sprinkle with chili powder; toss. Bake until crisp, about 15 minutes. Set aside. Char poblano chili over gas flame or in broiler until blackened on all sides. Enclose in plastic bag 10 minutes. Peel, seed and finely chop chili. Set aside. Stir cumin seeds in heavy small skillet over medium-low heat until fragrant, about 4 minutes. Transfer to spice grinder; process until finely ground. Set aside. Cut 4 tortillas into 1-inch pieces. Heat oil in large saucepan over mediu <END>
INPUT: Italian, risotto, vegetable stock, onion, carrots, celery, virgin olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Barley and Shiitake Mushroom Risotto | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 6 cups vegetable stock; 1/2 onion; 2 carrots, halved; 2 celery sticks, large chop; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1 cup pearled barley; 2 tablespoons minced shallots; 2 cloves garlic, minced; 1/2 Vidalia onion, cut into 1/4-inch dice; 1 teaspoon kosher salt; 1 pound shiitake mushrooms, stemmed, thinly sliced; 3 sprigs fresh thyme, leaves stripped; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, cubed; 3/4 cup grated Parmesan; 1/2 teaspoon fresh ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: For the vegetable stock: Add the vegetable stock, onion, carrots and celery to a large saucepan. Bring to a boil, then maintain at a simmer while making the risotto. For the risotto: Add the olive oil to a large heavy-bottomed saucepan set over medium-high heat. When hot add the barley and saute until lightly toasted, 2 to 3 minutes. Add the shallots, garlic, Vidalia onions and salt; cook, stirring often with a wooden spoon, until the shallots become translucent, 6 to 8 minutes. Add the shiitakes and thyme leaves and cook for another 3 to 4 minutes. Next, begin adding the vegetable stock, one  <END>
INPUT: Mexican, tacos, skirt steak, canola oil, Salt pepper, romaine lettuce
OUTPUT: TITLE: Skirt Steak Tacos with Roasted Tomato Salsa | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 8 (6-inch) flour tortillas; 1 1/2 pounds skirt steak; 2 tablespoons canola oil; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1/2 head romaine lettuce, thinly shredded; 1 medium red onion, thinly sliced; 1 ripe avocado, peeled, pitted, halved and diced; Grilled Tomato Salsa, recipe follows; 8 ounces sour cream; 2 tablespoons canola oil, plus more for brushing tomatoes; 2 serrano chiles; 1 small red onion, coarsely chopped; 4 cloves garlic, peeled; 6 plum tomatoes, halved and seeded; Salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Heat grill to high. Wrap tortillas in aluminum foil and on the top rack of the grill while the steak is grilling. Heat grill pan over high heat. Brush steak with oil and season with salt and pepper on both sides. Grill on one side until golden brown and slightly charred, about 3 to 4 minutes. Turn the steak over and cook to medium-rare doneness, about 3 to 4 minutes longer. Let rest 5 minutes then slice against the grain into 1/4-inch thick slices. Fill each tortilla with some lettuce, 3 to 4 pieces of meat, onion, grilled tomato salsa, sour cream, and avocado. H <END>
INPUT: crostini, marmalade, loaf rosemary focaccia, olive oil, sweet onions, wine, wine vinegar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Beef Crostini with Caramelized Onion Marmalade | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 loaf rosemary focaccia bread, thinly sliced; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 3 red or sweet onions, thinly sliced; 1/3 cup dry red wine; 1/3 cup red wine vinegar; 1/4 cup packed light brown sugar; 1/4 cup honey; 1 (24-ounce) piece beef tenderloin | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Preheat a grill to medium-high heat. Brush the slices of focaccia with the olive oil. Place on a sheet pan and grill until crispy, about 5 minutes. Set aside. In a medium saucepan, combine the onions, wine, vinegar, brown sugar, and honey. Stir constantly over medium heat until the sugar is dissolved, about 5 minutes. Reduce heat to low and simmer for 30 minutes, until the sauce is the consistency of marmalade. Grill the beef tenderloin, turning to mark all sides, until medium rare, about 10 to 15 minutes total. Let rest for 10 minutes, then thinly slice the meat <END>
INPUT: handful, tea, boiling water, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mint tea | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 handful (or 12 stems) fresh mint, washed and cleaned (you may substitute 2 tablespoons dry mint); 1 tablespoon green tea; 8 cups boiling water; 5 tablespoons sugar (use more or less, according to taste) | INSTRUCTIONS: Crunch mint with your hands in a large teapot. Put the crunched mint, green tea, and sugar into the teapot. Pour the hot water over it and let it rest for 2 or 3 minutes. Stir well. Fill up the first glass and return it to the pot, then serve. <END>
INPUT: wilted, fish fillets skin, Coarse kosher salt, olive oil, garlic, escarole
OUTPUT: TITLE: Crispy-Skin Fish Fillets with Wilted Escarole | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 6-ounce 1-inch-thick fish fillets with skin (such as salmon or black sea bass); Coarse kosher salt; 6 tablespoons olive oil, divided; 2 large garlic cloves, finely chopped; 1 large head of escarole, coarsely chopped (about 8 cups packed); 3 tablespoons Sherry wine vinegar, divided | INSTRUCTIONS: Line baking sheet with plastic wrap. Arrange fish, skin side up, on sheet. Spread coarse salt generously on skin to coat completely. Chill uncovered 1 hour. Preheat oven to 475°F. Rinse salt off fish; pat until very dry. Place fish, skin side up, on work surface. Using large knife with edge of blade perpendicular to skin, scrape surface of skin to remove any moisture, wiping blade clean often. Using razor blade, score skin in 1-inch crosshatch squares. Sprinkle with pepper. Heat 1 1/2 tablespoons oil in each of 2 large ovenproof skillets over high heat. Add 2 fillets, skin side down, to each s <END>
INPUT: eggs, lemons, dark sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Coconut Tart | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 eggs; 2 lemons, zested and juiced; 6 ounces dark brown sugar; 1-ounce (2 tablespoons) passion fruit juice concentrate; 13 ounces (1 5/8 cups) heavy cream; 3 cups grated sweetened coconut; 1 prebaked 9-inch tart shell | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 325 degrees F. In an electric mixer fitted with a paddle, mix the eggs, lemon zest, sugar and passion fruit juice on low speed for 1 minute. Stir in the heavy cream, lemon juice and coconut. Pour the mixture into the tart shell and bake for 40 minutes. <END>
INPUT: delights, water, sugar, corn syrup, egg whites, lemon juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Raspberry Delights | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 cup water; 2 1/2 cups sugar; 1/3 cup corn syrup; 8 large egg whites; 1 tablespoon lemon juice; 1/4 ounce gelatin; 4 cups (1 pound) confectioners' sugar; 3 1/2 cups all-purpose flour; 2 tablespoons ground ginger; 12 large egg whites; 1/2 cup whole milk; Semisweet chocolate, melted, for dipping tuile; Sponge cake; Raspberry marmalade; Fresh raspberries, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: Pastry bag #5 star tip To make the marshmallow cream. In a small saucepan, combine 1/2 cup of water with sugar and corn syrup, bring to a boil for 5 minutes. In a standing mixer, whip egg whites until they form a soft peak and add the lemon juice. Leaving mixer on high, add the boiling syrup in 3 parts to the egg whites. In a small bowl, dissolve the gelatin with remaining 1/4 cup of water. Add the dissolved gelatin to the mixer, and leave to mix for 3 to 5 minutes. Cover with plastic wrap and set aside. To make the tuile. Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. In the standing mixer <END>
INPUT: milk, malted milk powder, heavy cream, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Malted Vanilla Ice Cream | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons (2 envelopes) unflavored gelatin; 5 cups milk; 1 1/3 cups malted milk powder (7 ounces by weight); 5 cups heavy cream; 2 cups sugar; 2 tablespoons vanilla extract; 1/4 teaspoon salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. To make the ice cream base: Stir the gelatin into 1/2 cup of cold water in a small bowl; Set the mixture aside (this will bloom into a semi-solid state). Heat 2 cups of the milk in a saucepan over medium-low heat, stirring occasionally. When the milk begins to steam remove it from the heat. And stir in the gelatin. Stir until the gelatin is fully dissolved. Put the malted milk powder into a blender. Add 2 cups of the cold milk. Blend well, stopping to scrape down the sides with a spatula. (If there's no blender handy, just beat the malted milk well into the milk  <END>
INPUT: logs, Ultimate Butter Cookie, egg, blanched almonds, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Almond Logs | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 of the Ultimate Butter Cookie Dough; 1 egg white, slightly beaten; 1/4 cup finely chopped blanched almonds; 1/4 cup sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: Prepare the Ultimate Cookie Dough and divide it into four equal parts. Wrap in plastic and chill for 30 minutes or refrigerate up to 4 days. Cover a cookie sheet with parchment paper, or use a clean, ungreased baking sheet. Place the egg white into a shallow dish or pie pan. Mix the almonds and sugar into another shallow dish or pie pan. Remove one portion of the dough from the refrigerator and knead lightly until it is pliable. Divide the dough into 2 parts. Shape each part into a strand about 12 inches long. Dip each strand first in the egg white, coating the strand on all sides, then roll t <END>
INPUT: veal scallops, butter, shallots, wine, sage sage
OUTPUT: TITLE: Veal Sauté with Caramelized Shallots | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 pound veal scallops; 1 1/2 tablespoons butter; 1/4 cup chopped shallots; 1/2 cup dry white wine; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh sage or 1 teaspoon dried rubbed sage; 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard | INSTRUCTIONS: Season veal with salt and pepper. Melt 1/2 tablespoon butter in large nonstick skillet over high heat. Add veal and sauté until cooked through and golden, about 1 minute per side. Using tongs, transfer veal to plate. Add remaining 1 tablespoon butter and shallots to skillet. Reduce heat to medium-low. Cook until shallots soften and brown, stirring frequently, about 3 minutes. Whisk in wine, sage and mustard. Simmer until sauce thickens slightly, about 3 minutes. Season with salt and pepper. Return veal and any collected juices to skillet. Simmer until just heated through, about 1 minute. Trans <END>
INPUT: American, rigatoni, spicy Italian sausage, garlic, marinara sauce, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Rigatoni with Cheese and Italian Sausage | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 pound rigatoni; 1/4 pound spicy Italian sausage, casing removed; 2 garlic cloves, thinly sliced; 1 1/2 cups prepared marinara sauce; 1/2 teaspoon dried crushed red pepper; 1/4 cup grated mozzarella cheese; 2 tablespoons grated Parmesan cheese; 1 teaspoon chopped fresh Italian parsley; Extra-virgin olive oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook rigatoni in large pot of boiling salted water until just tender but still firm to bite, stirring occasionally. Drain pasta. Meanwhile, preheat broiler. Cook sausage in heavy large pot over medium-high heat until no longer pink, stirring frequently and breaking up with back of wooden spoon. Add garlic and sauté until soft, about 2 minutes. Drain off excess oil and return pot to medium-high heat. Stir in marinara sauce and crushed red pepper, then pasta. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Divide pasta among four 1 1/4-cup soufflé dishes or custard cups. Sprinkle mozzarella and Parmesan o <END>
INPUT: Mexican, mojito, mint leaves, superfine granulated sugar, lime juice, sparkling water
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tequila Mojito | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 8 fresh mint leaves; 1 1/2 tablespoons superfine granulated sugar; 1 tablespoon fresh lime juice; 1 1/2 oz (3 tablespoons) white tequila; 1/3 cup chilled sparkling water | INSTRUCTIONS: Using back of a spoon, crush mint with sugar and lime juice in a short glass. Half fill glass with ice and add tequila. Top off drink with sparkling water and stir well. Using back of a spoon, crush mint with sugar and lime juice in a short glass. Half fill glass with ice and add tequila. Top off drink with sparkling water and stir well. <END>
INPUT: chicken, onion lemon, garlic, Salt pepper, Juice oil roasted
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roast Chicken | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 to 7 pound chicken; 1 large onion or lemon; 2 cloves garlic, minced; Salt and pepper; Juice and oil of roasted chicken; 1 cup canned chicken stock; Salt and pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 425 degrees F. Remove giblet bag from cavity. Rinse chicken and pat dry. Stuff the chicken cavity with peeled onion or split lemon. Rub skin with minced garlic, salt and pepper. Roast in oven for approximately 10 minutes per pound, until juices run clear. The temperature of chicken should reach approximately 160 degrees. Let chicken sit to allow juices to reabsorb. Carve and serve. Remove grease from the roasting pan using a large spoon, but leave brown bits and juices. On stove-top place pan over medium heat. Add chicken stock. Scrape up bits and bring to a simmer. Season and  <END>
INPUT: raspberry, bites, sugar, raspberries, lemon juice, pectin, chili powder
OUTPUT: TITLE: Red Chili Raspberry Bites | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/4 cup/250 grams sugar; 2 cups/250 grams raspberries; Splash lemon juice; 1/8 cup/30 grams pectin; 2 teaspoons/5 grams chili powder; 1 cup/224 grams heavy cream; 1/8 cup/10g red chili powder; 3 3/4 cup/504g bittersweet chocolate, chopped; 1/3 cup/84g butter, softened; Tempered chocolate, for lining mold | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: plastic bonbon mold For the red chili raspberry jam: Pour 1 cup/200 grams sugar into a medium pot. Add the raspberries and a splash of lemon juice and mix it together. Bring to a boil. In a separate small bowl, mix the remaining 1/4 cup/50 grams sugar with the pectin to prevent clumping. Once the fruit mixture is boiling, add the pectin and sugar mixture and the chili powder and continue boiling for 15 minutes. Remove the mixture from the heat and set aside to cool. For the red chili chocolate ganache: Put the heavy cream and red chili powder in a small saucepan over medium  <END>
INPUT: oranges, olive oil, rosemary leaves, kosher salt, pepper flakes, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pan-Roasted Chicken with Oranges and Rosemary | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 5 tablespoons olive oil; 6 tablespoons rosemary leaves; 1 tablespoon kosher salt; 2 teaspoons red pepper flakes; 3/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 4 pounds chicken thighs and drumsticks (6 thighs and 6 drumsticks); 1/2 medium orange, cut into 6 very thin slices and slices cut into half moons; 1 tablespoon unsalted butter | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Heat oven to 450 degrees F and arrange rack in middle. In a large bowl, mix together 1/4 cup of the oil, rosemary, salt, red pepper flakes, and freshly ground black pepper. Add chicken pieces and turn to coat well. Slip 1 piece of orange under skin of each piece. Heat remaining 1 tablespoon olive oil and butter in a cast iron skillet or large frying pan over medium-high heat until butter foams. Working in batches, add 3 or 4 chicken pieces (don't overcrowd the pan) and brown on both sides until skin is crisp and golden, about 2 to 3 minutes per batch. As chicken  <END>
INPUT: olive oil, center wild salmon, orange juice, lemon juice, coarse kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Salmon with Peas, Pea Tendrils, and Dill-Cucumber Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons olive oil, divided; 1 2 1/2-pound center-cut wild salmon fillet, skin and pinbones removed; 1/2 cup fresh orange juice; 1/4 cup fresh lemon juice; 1 teaspoon coarse kosher salt; Peas and Pea Tendrils with Lemon Dressing; Dill-Cucumber Sauce | INSTRUCTIONS: Brush small rimmed baking sheet with 1 tablespoon oil. Place salmon on prepared baking sheet. Mix orange juice and lemon juice in small bowl; pour over salmon. Drizzle remaining 1 tablespoon oil over salmon; sprinkle with coarse kosher salt and pepper. Let stand 15 minutes. Preheat broiler. Broil salmon, without turning fish over, until just opaque in center, watching closely and turning baking sheet once for even broiling, about 12 minutes. Using 2 wide spatulas, transfer salmon to platter. Surround with Peas and Pea Tendrils with Lemon Dressing. Serve with Dill-Cucumber Sauce. Brush small ri <END>
INPUT: cake flour, baking powder, kosher salt, buttermilk
OUTPUT: TITLE: Almond Lingonberry Cake | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup (2 sticks) salted butter, at room temperature, plus more for the pans; 4 1/2 cups cake flour, plus more for the pans; 2 tablespoons baking powder; 1 teaspoon kosher salt; 2 1/2 cups buttermilk; 8 large egg whites; 3 cups granulated sugar; 3 teaspoons almond extract; 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract; Almond Buttercream, recipe follows; Creme Frangipane, recipe follows; 1 cup lingonberry jam; 2 teaspoons almond extract; 1/2 teaspoon pure vanilla extract; 8 large egg yolks | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: Four 9-inch cake pans, a pastry bag with a frosting tip and a candy thermometer Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Butter four 9-inch round cake pans, dusting them in flour to ensure the batter does not stick to the pan. Sift together the flour, baking powder and salt into a medium bowl and set aside. In another medium bowl, whisk together the buttermilk and egg whites until incorporated. Set aside. In a mixer fitted with a paddle attachment, cream the butter and sugar on medium speed until very light, about 3 minutes. Beat in the almond and vanilla extracts. Continue to bea <END>
INPUT: garlic, Kosher salt pepper, lemon zest, lemon juice, virgin olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lemon and Pepper Marinated Chicken Cutlets with Arugula | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cloves garlic; Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper; 1 teaspoon finely grated lemon zest; 1/3 cup fresh lemon juice (from about 3 lemons); 1/3 cup plus 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 8 thin chicken cutlets (about 2 pounds total); 4 cups loosely packed baby arugula; 1 tomato, diced; 1/4 cup shaved Parmesan, for serving | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. Smash the garlic cloves, sprinkle with 2 teaspoons kosher salt, and, with the flat side of a large knife, mash and smear the mixture into a coarse paste. Transfer to a lidded storage container. Add 1/2 teaspoon pepper and the lemon zest. Whisk in 1/4 cup of the lemon juice and 1/3 cup olive oil. Add the chicken cutlets; toss to coat. Cover and refrigerate 1 hour or up to overnight. 2. Heat a heavy grill pan over medium-high heat. Working in batches, cook the chicken cutlets until charred and cooked through, about 2 minutes per side. Transfer the chicken to serving plates. 3. Toss the arugul <END>
INPUT: grill, onions, Sea salt, onion, lemon, copper fennel fronds
OUTPUT: TITLE: Whole Salmon on the Grill with Fennel, Lemon, and Onions | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 (6 to 7 pound) whole salmon, gutted and scaled; Sea salt; 1 medium onion, peeled and thinly sliced; 1 lemon, thinly sliced; 1 small bunch copper fennel fronds or substitute regular fennel fronds; 10 sprigs fresh thyme; Olive oil, as needed; All-purpose flour, as needed | INSTRUCTIONS: Fire up the grill, with the coals lined up under the fish for direct grilling. Sprinkle sea salt generously in the cavity of the fish and over the skin, then stuff it with the onions, lemons, fronds, and herb sprigs. Tie butcher string around the fish in three or four places to hold the stuffing in. In between the string, make deep incisions with your knife through the thickest part of the fish on both sides, all the way down to the spine. (The fish will cook more quickly, and the smoke flavor will get inside the fish better.) Brush both the fish and the grill lightly with oil, dust the salmon <END>
INPUT: roast, rabbits, orange juice, pepper, fennel, saffron threads
OUTPUT: TITLE: Honey Roast Rabbit | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 small rabbits, about 1 1/2 pounds each; 1 cup orange juice; 1/2 teaspoon ground black pepper; 2 teaspoons ground fennel; 1 teaspoon saffron threads, crumbled; 1 teaspoon cayenne pepper; 2 teaspoons coarse sea salt; 2 tablespoons lemon juice; 1/4 cup honey; 2 cups orange juice; Coarse sea salt; 1 bunch watercress, coarse stems removed, for garnish; Wedges of lemon, for garnish; 1 medium onion, thinly sliced and soaked for 30 minutes in ice water | INSTRUCTIONS: Rinse the rabbits and pat them dry with paper towels. Cut each one into three pieces; the hind legs, the front legs, and the loin. Cut the hind and front leg sections into 2 pieces each, leaving the loin in one piece. You should now have 5 sections per rabbit. Place the rabbit pieces in a large deep nonreactive bowl. In a small sauce pan over medium heat, reduce the orange juice to half a cup. In a small bowl, combine the pepper, fennel, saffron, cayenne, and salt. Add the reduced orange juice and the lemon juice, whisk together, and let stand for 10 or 15 minutes. Add the honey and mix togeth <END>
INPUT: Asian, jumbos, filling, firmly light sugar, light molasses, egg, cider vinegar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Molasses Jumbos with Ginger Filling | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 2/3 cup firmly packed light brown sugar; 1/2 cup light molasses; 1/2 cup (1 stick) unsalted butter; 1 extra-large egg; 1 tablespoon cider vinegar; 2 teaspoons vanilla; 3 cups sifted all purpose flour; 3/4 teaspoon ground ginger; 3/4 teaspoon baking soda; 3/4 teaspoon cinnamon; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/2 teaspoon ground cloves; 1/4 teaspoon ground cardamom; Melted butter; All purpose flour | INSTRUCTIONS: For cookies: Stir sugar, molasses and butter in heavy 2- to 3-quart saucepan over low heat until butter melts. Cool mixture to lukewarm. Stir egg, vinegar and vanilla into molasses mixture. Combine 3 cups flour and next 6 ingredients and gradually stir into molasses mixture. Cover and chill 1 1/2 hours to firm. (Can be prepared 3 days ahead.) Invert baking sheets and cover undersides with foil. Brush with melted butter and dust with flour, shaking off excess. Form dough into 1-inch balls. Arrange on foil, spacing 3 inches apart. Flatten each cookie into 3-inch round (saucepan bottom wrapped in <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, gazpacho, crema, seedless watermelon, beefsteak tomato, English hothouse cucumber, jalapeño, olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Watermelon Gazpacho with Feta Crema | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound seedless watermelon, rind removed, coarsely chopped (about 3 cups); 1 large beefsteak tomato, coarsely chopped; 1 English hothouse cucumber, peeled, coarsely chopped; 1 jalapeño, seeds removed, sliced; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 2 tablespoons Sherry vinegar or red wine vinegar; Kosher salt, freshly ground pepper; 1/4 cup almonds; 2 ounces feta, preferably French sheep's milk, crumbled (about 1/2 cup); 1/4 cup sour cream; 3 tablespoons whole milk; 3/4 pound seedless watermelon, rind removed, cut into 1/2" pieces (about 2 cups); 1/2 English hothouse cucumber, peeled, cut into 1/2" pieces; Olive oil (for serving); Flaky sea salt (such as Maldon) | INSTRUCTIONS: Gazpacho: Purée watermelon, tomato, cucumber, jalapeño, oil, and vinegar in a blender until smooth. Transfer gazpacho to a large bowl; season with kosher salt and pepper. Cover and chill at least 1 hour before serving. Do ahead: Gazpacho can be made 1 day ahead. Keep chilled. Purée watermelon, tomato, cucumber, jalapeño, oil, and vinegar in a blender until smooth. Transfer gazpacho to a large bowl; season with kosher salt and pepper. Cover and chill at least 1 hour before serving. Do ahead: Gazpacho can be made 1 day ahead. Keep chilled. Crema and assembly: Preheat oven to 350°. Toast almonds  <END>
INPUT: Mexican, sandwich, mayonnaise, chives, lime juice, Sea salt pepper, loaf bread
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lobster Sandwich with Lime Mayonnaise | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup mayonnaise; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh chives; 2 tablespoons lime juice; Sea salt and freshly cracked black pepper; 1 loaf sliced white bread; 1 3/4 to 2 pound lobster, cooked, shelled and sliced; 1 Lebanese cucumber, thinly sliced; 1 cup loosely packed fresh cilantro leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: In a small bowl, add the mayonnaise, chopped chives, lime juice, and season well with the sea salt and black pepper. Stir the ingredients until combined. Spread some of the prepared mayonnaise onto each bottom bread slice. Then, top the bread with alternating pieces of the lobster, cucumber, and cilantro. Finish with the remaining bread slices, and serve. <END>
INPUT: cognac, gravy, truffle butter, shallot, kosher salt, pepper, turkey
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Turkey with Black-Truffle Butter and Cognac Gravy | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 ounces black truffle butter, at room temperature; 1 large shallot, minced (about 1/2 cup); 4 teaspoons kosher salt; 1 1/2 teaspoons freshly ground pepper; 1 12- to 14-pound fresh turkey, brought to room temperature (this will take 2 to 2 1/2 hours); 1 garlic head, sliced in half crosswise; 2 celery stalks, cut into large pieces; 2 onions, unpeeled and cut in wedges; 1 1/2 cups low-sodium chicken or turkey broth plus more if needed; 1 tablespoon vegetable oil; 1 turkey neck plus gizzard and heart, if available; 1 celery stalk, roughly chopped; 2 carrots, roughly chopped; 1 onion, unpeeled, quartered; 1/2 teaspoon black peppercorns | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 400°F. In a medium bowl, combine the truffle butter, shallots, salt, and pepper, mixing with a wooden spoon until smooth. Separate the turkey skin from breast by sliding your hand beneath the skin. Do your best to separate some of the skin around the thigh as well. Smear most of the truffle butter mixture under the skin, onto the meat. Smear remaining butter mixture onto the outside of the bird. Use your hands to massage the bird to even out the butter mixture under the skin. Place garlic in the cavity and tie the legs together using kitchen twine. In a large roasting pan, scat <END>
INPUT: sables, all purpose flour, walnuts, baking powder, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Walnut Sables | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/4 cups all purpose flour; 1 cup finely chopped toasted walnuts; 1/4 teaspoon baking powder; 1/8 teaspoon salt; 1/2 cup (1 stick) unsalted butter, room temperature; 2/3 cup powdered sugar; 1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract; 1 large egg yolk; Raw sugar* | INSTRUCTIONS: Mix flour, walnuts, baking powder, and 1/8 teaspoon salt in medium bowl. Using electric mixer, beat butter, powdered sugar, and vanilla in large bowl until fluffy. Beat in egg yolk. Add flour mixture and stir until blended. Shape dough into ball; flatten into disk. Wrap in plastic and chill until firm enough to roll, about 15 minutes. Preheat oven to 325°F. Line 2 baking sheets with parchment paper. Roll out dough on lightly floured surface to 1/4-inch thickness. Using assorted cutters, cut out cookies. Transfer cookies to prepared sheets. Gather dough scraps and repeat until all dough is used <END>
INPUT: pudding, vanilla bean, eggs, loaf Brioche, butter, chocolate
OUTPUT: TITLE: White Chocolate Bread Pudding | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 vanilla bean, split; 8 large eggs; 1 loaf Brioche, Challah, or other sweet bread; 4 ounces butter, melted; 16 ounces white chocolate, chunked; 2 cups milk; 2 cups heavy cream; 2/3 cups sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 325 degrees. Cut the brioche loaf into 1 inch dice. Place in a 2 quart baking dish. Drizzle with melted butter. Toss chunked white chocolate with bread cubes. Combine milk, cream, sugar, and vanilla bean and bring to a boil over medium heat until sugar is disolved. Whisk eggs until smooth. Add hot milk mixture to eggs slowly, stirring contsantly. Do not wisk or custard will have a great deal of foam on the surface. Skim foam from custard. Strain custard over bread and chocolate. Let stand for 10 minutes to allow custard to soak into bread. Place baking dish in another larger pa <END>
INPUT: sour cream, cream coconut, eggs, vegetable oil, lemon juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Coconut Sour Cream Cake | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/4 cups sour cream; 1 cup canned cream of coconut (such as Coco López); 3 large eggs; 1/4 cup vegetable oil; 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice; 1 18.25-ounce box white cake mix; 2 cups flaked sweetened coconut, toasted | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350°F. Butter 13x9x2-inch baking pan. Dust pan with flour. Combine 1 cup sour cream, 3/4 cup cream of coconut, eggs, vegetable oil and fresh lemon juice in large bowl and whisk to blend. Add white cake mix and blend well. Transfer batter to prepared pan. Bake cake until top is golden brown and tester inserted into center comes out clean, about 35 minutes. Meanwhile, blend remaining 1/4 cup sour cream and remaining 1/4 cup cream of coconut in small bowl. Spread mixture evenly over warm cake. Return cake to oven; bake 5 minutes longer. Sprinkle coconut over. Place pan on rack and <END>
INPUT: virgin olive oil, onion, orzo pearl barley, wine, chicken stock
OUTPUT: TITLE: Orzotto | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1 small onion, diced; 1 1/2 cups orzo or pearl barley; 1/2 cup dry white or red wine; 3 cups chicken stock, beef stock, or low-sodium broth; 1/2 to 1 cup vegetables; 1/3 cup grated cheese; Fresh herbs or other aromatics; 1/4 cup heavy cream; Vinegar or lemon juice; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; Orzotto Variations, recipes follow | INSTRUCTIONS: In a heavy-bottomed medium saucepan, heat the olive oil. Add the onion and saute until fragrant and translucent. Add the orzo or barley and toast for 2 minutes, stirring occasionally. Add the wine and cook until absorbed. Gradually add the stock, stirring frequently. Bring to a simmer and cover; cook for 8 to 10 minutes until the liquid is almost absorbed and orzo or barley is tender. Remove from heat. Stir in the vegetables, grated cheese, fresh herbs or aromatics, heavy cream, and vinegar. Season the orzotto with salt and pepper and serve. Orzotto Variations: Lemon-Asparagus Orzotto: add 1/2 <END>
INPUT: Mexican, citrus, oranges, lemons, limes, jalapenos, cilantro
OUTPUT: TITLE: Jalapeno-and-Citrus Roasted Pig | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 5 pounds oranges, juiced (rinds reserved); 5 pounds lemons, juiced (rinds reserved); 5 pounds limes, juiced (rinds reserved); 5 pounds fresh jalapenos, halved lengthwise; 5 bunches cilantro, roughly chopped; 10 pounds kosher salt; 16 pounds ice; 1 100-pound pig, head and trotters removed, butterflied, bone out to the first leg joint (ask your butcher to do this) | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: 1 extra-large cooler (3 to 4 feet long) La Caja China roasting box 2 1/2 16-to-18-pound bags charcoal Make the brine: Combine the citrus juices and rinds, jalapenos, cilantro, salt, ice and 8 gallons water in the cooler and mix until well combined. Add the pig belly-side up, making sure it is submerged. Place the cooler in a cool place to brine for 24 hours. Set up the La Caja China according to the directions. Remove the pig from the brine; pat it dry. Arrange it between the 2 grates of the La Caja China, using the hooks to secure. Place in the box skin-side down. Place the <END>
INPUT: Asian, canola oil, duck breast halves, Kosher salt pepper, ginger, shallot
OUTPUT: TITLE: Duck L'Orange with Herbed Pommes Frites | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons canola oil, divided; 2 duck breast halves, skin removed; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 tablespoons finely minced fresh ginger; 1 large shallot, finely minced; 2 cloves garlic, finely minced; 1/2 cup orange-flavored liqueur; Zest and juice of 2 oranges; 1 cup good chicken stock; 2 tablespoons sweet soy sauce; Herbed Pommes Frites, recipe follows; Canola oil, for frying; 3 Yukon Gold potatoes; Kosher salt; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large saute pan, heat 2 tablespoons of canola oil until it begins to smoke. Season the duck breasts with salt, and pepper, and carefully place them in the hot pan. Turn the heat down to medium and cook about 4 minutes per side. Remove the duck from the pan, and add the remaining oil, and then add the ginger, shallot, and garlic. Cook, until the garlic is brown and then deglaze the pan with the orange-flavored liqueur. Simmer until the alcohol is mostly cooked off. Stir in the orange zest, orange juice, chicken stock, and sweet soy sauce. Simmer until it's cooked down and is nice and thick <END>
INPUT: Mexican, soup, butternut squash, olive oil, sweet potatoes, onion, leek
OUTPUT: TITLE: Squash and Sweet-Potato Soup with Chipotle Sauce | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 3 lb butternut squash (1 large), halved lengthwise and seeds discarded; 1 tablespoon olive oil; 2 lb sweet potatoes (2 large); 1 large onion, chopped; White part of 1 leek, chopped; 2 teaspoons chopped peeled fresh ginger; 8 to 10 cups light vegetable stock or broth; White pepper to taste; 2 to 3 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, or to taste; 1 tablespoon honey (optional); Chipotle sauce | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 400°F. Brush cut sides of squash with 1/2 teaspoon oil and arrange, cut sides down, in a shallow baking pan. Prick sweet potatoes all over with a fork and roast with squash until very tender, about 50 minutes for squash and about 1 1/4 hours for sweet potatoes. Cool vegetables and scoop flesh from squash into a bowl. Peel sweet potatoes and add to squash. Cook onion in remaining 2 1/2 teaspoons oil with salt to taste in a 6-quart heavy pot over moderately high heat, stirring occasionally, until golden brown, about 10 minutes. Stir in squash and sweet potato, leek, ginger, and 8 <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, pork loin, sweet Italian sausage, kalamata olives, Medjool dates, shallots
OUTPUT: TITLE: Olive and Medjool Date Stuffed Pork Loin | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: One 3-pound pork loin; 8 ounces sweet Italian sausage; 1/2 cup pitted kalamata olives, chopped; 1/2 cup seeded Medjool dates, chopped; 1 tablespoon chopped shallots; 2 tablespoons heavy cream; 2 tablespoons breadcrumbs; 1 egg yolk; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley; 1 tablespoon za'atar; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Special equipment: butcher's twine Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Using a slicing knife, make an incision parallel to the cutting board into the pork loin (butterfly). The incision should run from end to end lengthwise, and leave about 1/2 inch of the pork loin intact opposite the side of the incision. You should be left with the pork loin opened into about an 8-by-10-inch piece. In a medium mixing bowl, combine the sausage, olives, dates and shallots. Mix in the cream, breadcrumbs and egg yolk, and finish with the parsley. Season with the za'atar and some sa <END>
INPUT: doughnuts, water, all purpose flour, milk at
OUTPUT: TITLE: Coffee-Glazed Doughnuts | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 (1/4-oz) package active dry yeast (2 1/2 teaspoons); 2 tablespoons warm water (105–115°F); 3 1/4 cups all-purpose flour plus additional for sprinkling and rolling out dough; 1 cup whole milk at room temperature; 1/2 stick (1/4 cup) unsalted butter, softened; 3 large egg yolks; 2 tablespoons sugar; 1 1/2 teaspoons salt; 1/2 teaspoon cinnamon; About 10 cups vegetable oil for deep frying; 1/4 cup boiling-hot water; 5 teaspoons instant-espresso powder or instant-coffee granules; 1 1/2 cups confectioners sugar; 1 tablespoon light corn syrup; 1/4 teaspoon pure vanilla extract | INSTRUCTIONS: Make dough: Stir together yeast and warm water in a small bowl until yeast is dissolved. Let stand until foamy, about 5 minutes. (If yeast doesn't foam, discard and start over with new yeast.) Mix together flour, milk, butter, yolks, sugar, salt, cinnamon, and yeast mixture in mixer at low speed until a soft dough forms. Increase speed to medium-high and beat 3 minutes more. Scrape dough down side of bowl (all around) into center, then sprinkle lightly with flour (to keep a crust from forming). Cover bowl with a clean kitchen towel (not terry cloth) and let dough rise in a draft-free place at  <END>
INPUT: soup, frying pepper bell, virgin olive oil, zucchini, chile peppers, mild frying peppers
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spicy Zucchini, Pepper and Potato Soup | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 large red frying pepper or red bell pepper, for roasting; 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1 to 1 1/4 pounds small zucchini, very thinly sliced into discs; 2 chile peppers, Fresno or other, tops removed, seeded and sliced into very thin rings; 2 mild green frying peppers (cubanelle), thinly sliced into rings; 1 medium yellow or red onion, peeled and thinly sliced into rings; 5 to 6 baby Yukon gold potatoes, very thinly sliced into discs (like potato chips); 4 cloves garlic, thinly sliced; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 tablespoons finely chopped rosemary; A few sprigs thyme, leaves picked and finely chopped; 2 pounds peeled fresh heirloom tomatoes, chopped OR 1 (28-ounce) can fire-roasted crushed tomatoes, stewed tomatoes or chunky-style crushed tomatoes; 2 to 3 cups chicken or vegetable stock; Fresh sweet basil leaves, shredded or torn, for garnish; Crusty bread or fresh baguette, for serving | INSTRUCTIONS: Char sweet frying pepper over open flame on stovetop or under hot broiler with oven door cracked to allow steam to escape. Once the skin is evenly charred and blackened all-over, place the pepper in a bowl and cover with plastic until pepper is cool enough to handle. Wipe or scrape the char off the pepper removing the skins. Seed the pepper and thinly slice. Heat 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil in a deep skillet or Dutch oven over medium to medium-high heat. When the oil ripples, add the zucchini, chiles, frying peppers, onions, potatoes, garlic, salt, pepper, rosemary, thyme and saute th <END>
INPUT: American, frosting, velvet, powdered sugar, cream cheese, unsalted butter, vanilla extract, kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cream Cheese Frosting for Red Velvet Cake | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 13 1/2 ounces powdered sugar; 12 ounces cream cheese, room temperature; 3 ounces unsalted butter, room temperature; 1 1/2 teaspoons vanilla extract; Pinch kosher salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine the cream cheese and butter on medium speed, just until blended, in the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment. Stop and scrape down the sides of the bowl. Add the vanilla and salt and beat until combined. With the speed on low, add the powdered sugar in 4 batches, beating until smooth between each addition. Refrigerate for 5 to 10 minutes before using. <END>
INPUT: souvlaki, sauce, virgin olive oil, garlic, oregano, pepper, kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lamb Souvlaki with Yogurt-Garlic Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tbsp extra-virgin olive oil; 1 tbsp chopped fresh garlic; 1 1/2 tsp oregano; 3/4 tsp freshly ground black pepper; 3/8 tsp kosher salt; 3/4 lb lamb, cut from the leg into 12 equal-sized cubes; 2 yellow bell peppers, cored and cut into 1-inch strips; 1 red onion, cut into 8 pieces; 16 cherry tomatoes; Vegetable-oil cooking spray; 4 whole-wheat pitas; 2 cucumbers, peeled and chopped; 1 fresh tbsp lemon juice; 3/4 cup nonfat Greek-style yogurt (such as Total brand); 1 tsp chopped fresh garlic | INSTRUCTIONS: For souvlaki, mix first 5 ingredients to make a marinade and set aside. Distribute lamb, bell peppers, onion and tomatoes among 8 skewers. Place in a large shallow pan with marinade. Cover and refrigerate at least 3 hours, rotating skewers once. Heat a gas grill to medium, or use a charcoal grill and allow the coals to turn a light-ash color. Coat grill with cooking spray. Grill until lamb is medium rare and lightly charred, 5 to 8 minutes. Rotate to cook evenly. To cook in oven, broil on metal skewers 6 minutes, rotating until evenly browned. Grill or toast pitas. For sauce, puree cucumbers a <END>
INPUT: chowder, dozen littleneck clams, dozen cherrystone clams, water, garlic, bay leaves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Clam Chowder | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 dozen littleneck clams; 2 dozen cherrystone clams; 1 quart water; 1 head garlic, sliced in 1/2 horizontally; 3 bay leaves; 2 sprigs thyme, leaves picked; 3 tablespoons unsalted butter; 4 ounces pancetta, cut into cubes; 1 celery stalk, diced; 1 onion, diced; 2 heaping tablespoons all-purpose flour; 2 Yukon gold potatoes, peeled and cubed; 2 cups heavy cream; 1 cup milk; Freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Wash and scrub the clams to get rid of the dirt. Set the littlenecks aside in the refrigerator, and combine the cherrystone clams with the water, garlic, bay leaves, and thyme leaves in a large pot. Cover, and steam over medium-high heat until the clams have all popped open, about 15 minutes. Check every 5 minutes to pull out the clams that have opened (some take longer than others), and give the pot a stir. Pull the opened clams out of their shells and chop them roughly. Cover them and set aside. Pour the broth into a big bowl through a strainer that you've lined with cheesecloth, just in cas <END>
INPUT: Mexican, pizza, tlayuda, vegetable oil, pork chorizo, refried beans, corn masa, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mexican Chorizo Pizza (Tlayuda) | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 4 tablespoons vegetable oil; 5 ounces raw pork chorizo; One 16-ounce canned refried black beans; 2 cups instant corn masa; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 1 tablespoons vegetable oil; 1/2 cup Oaxaca cheese; Iceberg lettuce, shredded; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; Crumbled queso fresco; Mexican crema | INSTRUCTIONS: For the chorizo and bean topping: In a large heavy saute pan, heat 2 tablespoons oil on medium-high heat. Add the chorizo and cook until crisp, about 6 minutes. Remove from the heat and reserve. In a large heavy saute pan, heat the remaining 2 tablespoons oil on medium-high heat. Add the beans and cook until warm, about 5 minutes. Remove from the heat and reserve. For the tortillas: Combine the corn masa, 1 1/4 cups water and salt in a large mixing bowl. Mix thoroughly by hand to form a soft dough, about 2 minutes. If the dough feels dry, add more water (one tablespoon at a time). Preheat a 12 <END>
INPUT: soup, onions, olive oil, garlic, oregano, low sodium chicken
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicory and White Bean Soup | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 medium onions, chopped; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 5 garlic cloves, smashed; 1/2 teaspoon dried oregano, crumbled; 5 cups low-sodium chicken broth (40 fluid ounces); 1 head chicory (1 pound), torn into 2-inch pieces (16 cups); 1 (16- to 19-ounce) can white beans, rinsed and drained; Accompaniment: grated Parmigiano-Reggiano; extra-virgin olive oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook onions in oil in a 4- to 5-quart heavy pot over moderate heat, stirring occasionally, until softened, about 5 minutes. Add garlic and oregano and cook, stirring, 2 minutes. Stir in broth and bring to a boil. Stir in chicory and beans, then simmer, uncovered, until chicory is tender, about 15 minutes. Transfer 2 cups of soup to a blender and purée until smooth (use caution when blending hot liquids), then stir into remaining soup to thicken. Season with salt and pepper. Serve sprinkled with cheese and drizzled with oil. Cook onions in oil in a 4- to 5-quart heavy pot over moderate heat, st <END>
INPUT: foster, unsalted butter, light sugar, bananas, banana liqueur, dark rum
OUTPUT: TITLE: Bananas Foster | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1 cup light brown sugar, packed; 6 ripe bananas, peeled, sliced lengthwise and halved; 1/4 cup banana liqueur; 1/2 cup dark rum; 1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1 pint vanilla ice cream | INSTRUCTIONS: Melt the butter in a large skillet over medium-low heat. Add the brown sugar and stir until the sugar completely dissolves, about 2 minutes. Lay the bananas in the pan and cook on both sides until they become slightly soft and begin to brown, about 3 minutes. Remove the pan from the heat and add the banana liqueur and then the rum and cinnamon. Tip the pan slightly and carefully ignite the alcohol with a long kitchen match or kitchen lighter to flambe. Put the pan back on the heat and shake it back and forth basting the bananas, until the flame dies out. Divide the ice cream among dessert bowl <END>
INPUT: pancakes, strawberries, sugar, kosher salt, vanilla bean, all purpose flour
OUTPUT: TITLE: Buttermilk Pancakes With Roasted Strawberries | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound strawberries (about 4 cups), hulled, halved, quartered if large; 1/4 cup sugar; Pinch of kosher salt; 1 vanilla bean, split lengthwise; 1 1/2 cups all-purpose flour; 3 tablespoons sugar; 1 teaspoon kosher salt; 1 teaspoon baking powder; 1/2 teaspoon baking soda; 2 large eggs; 1 3/4 cups buttermilk; 3/4 teaspoon vanilla extract; 3 tablespoons melted unsalted butter, plus more for pan and serving; 1/4 cup toasted sliced almonds (optional) | INSTRUCTIONS: Roast the strawberries: Preheat oven to 425°F. Place strawberries, sugar, and salt in a glass baking dish. Scrape in vanilla seeds, add pod, and stir to combine. Roast, stirring occasionally, until juices are bubbling, 15–18 minutes. Let cool slightly and discard pod. Preheat oven to 425°F. Place strawberries, sugar, and salt in a glass baking dish. Scrape in vanilla seeds, add pod, and stir to combine. Roast, stirring occasionally, until juices are bubbling, 15–18 minutes. Let cool slightly and discard pod. Make the pancakes: Whisk flour, sugar, salt, baking powder, and baking soda in a large <END>
INPUT: peppers, olive oil, Salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Peppers | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 red peppers; 4 yellow peppers; 4 tablespoons olive oil; Salt and pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Roast peppers by placing them on gas stove or open flame. Make sure to turn peppers to char evenly. When pepper skin is black, remove peppers and place them in a bowl. Cover with plastic wrap and let sit for 20 minutes. Remove peppers and peel off black skin. Remove seeds. Cut each pepper into 6 sections. Put peppers in a clean bowl and add olive oil. Season with salt and pepper to taste. <END>
INPUT: Indian, olive oil, Spanish onion, garlic, cumin, coriander
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chickpeas with Tomatoes and Spinach | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons olive oil; 1 Spanish onion, finely chopped; 4 cloves garlic, coarsely chopped; 2 teaspoons ground cumin; 2 teaspoons ground coriander; 1/2-inch piece fresh ginger, peeled and grated; 1 fresh Thai chile, seeded and chopped; 3/4 pound baby spinach leaves; 3 cans chickpeas, drained, rinsed and drained again; 4 plum tomatoes, finely chopped; 3 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil; 1/2 cup coarsely chopped flat-leaf parsley; Salt and freshly ground pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat olive oil in a medium pan on the grill over high heat. Add onions and cook until lightly golden brown. Add the garlic and cook for 1 minute. Add the spices, ginger and chile and cook for 1 minute. Add the spinach and cook until just wilted. Place the chickpeas in a large bowl. Add the onion/spinach mixture and mix until combined. Add the tomatoes, olive oil, parsley and season with salt and pepper to taste. <END>
INPUT: American, skin, soy sauce, Juice lemon, scallions, garlic, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Crispy-Skin Hoisin BBQ Chicken | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup soy sauce; Juice of 1 lemon; 2 scallions, cut into 1-inch pieces; 2 cloves garlic, minced; Freshly ground pepper; 4 chicken quarters or 8 bone-in chicken thighs; 2 tablespoons packed light brown sugar; 1 teaspoon grated fresh ginger; 1/2 cup water; 1/4 cup hoisin sauce | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine the soy sauce, lemon juice, scallions, garlic, and 1/4 teaspoon pepper in a resealable plastic bag. Add the chicken pieces; seal and toss well to coat. Place in the refrigerator and marinate overnight. Prepare a grill for indirect-heat cooking or preheat a grill pan over medium heat. Preheat an oven to 450 degrees F. Combine the brown sugar, ginger, water, and hoisin sauce in a glass bowl as a basting sauce. Remove the chicken from the marinade and pat dry. Place on the grill, skin-side down and cook until the skin is well marked, 6 to 8 minutes, keeping a close eye. Turn the chicken a <END>
INPUT: Indian, latte, turmeric powder, coconut oil, pepper, coconut milk, cinnamon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Turmeric Latte | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup turmeric powder; 3 tablespoons coconut oil; Freshly ground black pepper; 2 cups coconut milk; 1 cinnamon stick; 1-inch piece ginger, peeled and sliced into thin coins; Honey, to taste (optional) | INSTRUCTIONS: For the turmeric paste: Whisk together the turmeric powder with 1 cup water in a small saucepan over medium heat. Cook the mixture until it begins to thicken and form a thick, dry paste, 2 to 3 minutes. Remove from the heat and whisk in the coconut oil and 1/4 teaspoon pepper. Set aside. For the latte: Combine the coconut milk, cinnamon stick, ginger, honey if using and 1 tablespoon turmeric paste in a medium saucepan. (Let the remaining turmeric paste cool completely, then store in an airtight container in the refrigerator for up to 1 week.) Bring the mixture to a slow simmer over medium heat <END>
INPUT: cooking, Beans, Water, Aromatics
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cooking Dried Beans | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Dried Beans; Water; Aromatics | INSTRUCTIONS: Pick over beans, removing any broken beans, stones, or other foreign matter. Rinse them. It is not absolutely necessary to presoak beans before cooking, but it does cut down on the cooking time, and it also reduces their flatulent effect. To soak, place them in a large bowl, and cover them with fresh, cold water (roughly 3 times the volume of the beans). Remove any beans that float to the surface, as they are probably hollow from insect damage. Cover with plastic wrap, and let stand at room temperature for a minimum of 4 hours or as long as overnight. It may be necessary to refrigerate the bea <END>
INPUT: warm, pudding, sugar, lemon peel, eggs, all purpose flour
OUTPUT: TITLE: Warm Lemon Pudding Cakes with Marbled Raspberry Cream | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 cup plus 4 tablespoons sugar; 6 tablespoons (3/4 stick) unsalted butter, room temperature; 1 tablespoon grated lemon peel; 3 large eggs, separated; 1/3 cup all purpose flour; 1/3 cup fresh lemon juice; 1 1/2 cups milk (do not use low-fat or nonfat); Powdered sugar; Marbled Raspberry Cream | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350°F. Butter six 3/4-cup soufflé dishes or custard cups. Place dishes in large roasting pan. Using electric mixer, beat 3/4 cup plus 2 tablespoons sugar, 6 tablespoons butter and lemon peel in medium bowl until well blended. Add egg yolks 1 at a time, beating well after each addition. Beat in flour, then lemon juice. Gradually mix in milk (mixture will be thin and may look curdled). Using clean dry beaters, beat egg whites in large bowl until soft peaks form. Add remaining 2 tablespoons sugar and beat until stiff but not dry. Fold whites into yolk mixture in 3 additions (mixtu <END>
INPUT: Mexican, bones, unsalted butter, chipotle chile from, zest juice from, Kosher salt pepper, Vegetable oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled T-Bones with Chipotle-Lime Butter | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 stick unsalted butter, softened; 1 chipotle chile from canned chipotles in adobo, minced; Finely grated zest and juice from 1 lime; Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper; Vegetable oil, for grilling; 2 T-bone steaks, each about 1 1/2 pounds and 1 1/2 to 2 inches thick | INSTRUCTIONS: In a small bowl, combine the butter, chipotle, lime zest and juice, and 1 teaspoon salt. Mash with a spoon until smooth. Mound the mixture onto a square of plastic wrap, form into a log shape about 6 inches long, and roll up in the plastic; twist the ends of the plastic tightly to seal. Refrigerate until firm, about 1 hour. Prepare a grill for high-heat cooking. Rub some oil onto the steaks and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Brush the grill grate with oil. Grill the steaks, turning once, until an instant-read thermometer inserted horizontally in the meat but not touching the bone registers 130 <END>
INPUT: salad, shallot, wine vinegar, fennel bulb, mushrooms, flat leaf parsley
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fennel and Mushroom Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 shallot, minced; 2 tablespoons white wine vinegar; 1 fennel bulb; 8 ounces mushrooms, sliced; 1 bunch fresh flat-leaf parsley, leaves picked; Handful chopped fresh chives; Olive oil; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; Juice of 1 lemon; Parmesan curls | INSTRUCTIONS: Put the shallot and vinegar in a ramekin, and set aside to macerate. Cut the fingers off the fennel bulb, and discard, and then peel the bulb. Slice the bulb very thinly into rings. Toss with the mushroom slices, and parsley leaves. Dress the mixture with olive oil, and season with salt, pepper, and lemon juice, to taste. Serve with Parmesan curls on top. <END>
INPUT: flamenco, virgin olive oil, onion, Kosher salt, garlic, Spanish chorizo
OUTPUT: TITLE: Eggs Flamenco with Bloody Marys | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Extra-virgin olive oil; 1 onion, diced; Kosher salt; 2 cloves garlic, smashed and chopped; 1 cup 1/2-inch diced Spanish chorizo; 1 teaspoon pimenton; One 28-ounce can plum tomatoes, coarsely chopped with their juice or passed through a food mill; 8 eggs; 1/2 cup finely grated aged manchego; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh chives; Bloody Marys, recipe follows; 1 quart vegetable juice; 3 tablespoons celery salt, plus more for rimming the glass; 2 tablespoons horseradish; 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Special equipment: four 6-inch wide flat ovenproof dishes, such as terra cotta cazuelas Coat a saucepan with olive oil, add the onions and bring to a medium heat. Season the onions with salt and sweat until the onions are soft and very aromatic, 7 to 8 minutes. Add the garlic and cook for 2 to 3 more minutes. Add the chorizo and pimenton and cook for another 2 to 3 minutes. Add the tomatoes and season with salt. Simmer for 15 to 20 minutes. Taste for seasoning and adjust, if needed. Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Oil the cazuelas. Fill each dish about halfway <END>
INPUT: berry, heavy cream, Zest orange, honey, salt, all purpose flour
OUTPUT: TITLE: Berry Scones with Orange Honey Butter | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 quart heavy cream; Zest of 1 orange; 1/2 cup honey; Pinch salt; 2 cups all-purpose flour; 3 tablespoons sugar, plus more for sprinkling scones; 1 tablespoon baking powder; 1 teaspoon baking soda; 3/4 teaspoon kosher salt; 3/4 stick cold unsalted butter, cubed; 1 1/2 cups fresh mixed berries (e.g. blueberries, raspberries, blackberries), washed and dried; 3/4 cup buttermilk, (leftover from orange butter), plus more to brush scones | INSTRUCTIONS: You can do this the old fashioned way and add ingredients to a mason jar, cover with the lid and shake vigorously for 10 minutes, or you can use the food processor. In a food processor bowl add all the ingredients and turn on high. The liquid will slosh, whip and then separate after about 4 minutes. When the mixture separates, (these are the butter solids and buttermilk), stop processing and strain out the buttermilk - there will be just under a cup. Reserve the buttermilk to make the scones. Strain out the butter and squeeze dry. Work the butter a couple of times to bring it together to form  <END>
INPUT: caramel, crunch, coconut sugar, honey, rice syrup, unsalted roasted peanuts, unsalted popped popcorn
OUTPUT: TITLE: Honey-Roasted Peanut and Pretzel Caramel Corn Crunch | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup coconut sugar; 1/4 cup honey; 2 tablespoons brown rice syrup; 1 cup unsalted roasted peanuts; 5 cups unsalted popped popcorn; 1 cup gluten-free mini pretzels; Salt, for sprinkling | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: A candy thermometer Line a baking sheet with parchment paper and set aside. In a small saucepan, cook the coconut sugar, honey, brown rice syrup and peanuts over medium-high heat, stirring occasionally, until a candy thermometer registers 290 degrees F, about 10 minutes. Meanwhile, add the popcorn and pretzels to a large heatproof bowl. Pour the sugar mixture over the popcorn and pretzels, and quickly stir to coat. Transfer to the prepared baking sheet, spreading out the caramel corn. Sprinkle with salt and let cool completely, about 30 minutes. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, quesadilla, sauce, chicken breasts, Olive oil, cheddar cheese, pickled jalapenos
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Chicken Breast with Cheddar-Jalapeno Quesadilla and Spicy Black Bean Sauce | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 4 skinless chicken breasts; Olive oil, for sauteing; 4 (8-inch) flour tortillas; 8 ounces grated cheddar cheese; 4 tablespoons sliced pickled jalapenos; 1 can cooked black beans; 3 tablespoons pickled jalapenos; 2 plum tomatoes canned; 2 teaspoons ground cumin; Salt and pepper; Water, to cover; 1 tablespoon chopped garlic | INSTRUCTIONS: Saute chicken in olive oil over medium high heat for 3 to 5 minutes on each side. Lay tortillas flat on a clean dry surface. Add 2 ounces of cheddar and 1 tablespoon of jalapeno to each tortilla. Fold to form and 1/2 moon and heat griddle until crisp in a non stick pan. In a sauce pot add the black beans, pickled jalapenos, tomatoes, cumin, salt and pepper, water and garlic. Bring to a boil and allow to simmer for 3 to 5 minutes. Pour into a blender and process until smooth. Serve hot. To serve cut the tortilla in half and place in the center of the serving plates. Add a spoonful of black bean <END>
INPUT: chopped, salad, cucumbers, fennel bulb into, lemon juice, pears, pomegranate seeds
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chopped Cucumber, Pear, and Fennel Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 pounds cucumbers; 1 large fennel bulb cut into 1/2" squares; Fresh lemon juice; 2 pears, peeled, quartered, cored, cut into 1/2" pieces (about 2 cups); 3/4 cup pomegranate seeds; 3/4 cup Granny Smith Apple Cider Vinaigrette; Kosher salt; Freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Cut 2 pounds cucumbers (we like English hothouse so we can skip peeling) into 3/4" cubes. Place in a resealable plastic bag. Place fronds from 1 large fennel bulb cut into 1/2" squares in a resealable plastic bag. Place fennel in a large bowl of water with a squeeze of fresh lemon juice to prevent browning; cover. Chill cucumber, fennel, and fronds overnight. Combine cucumber, drained fennel, 2 pears, peeled, quartered, cored, cut into 1/2" pieces (about 2 cups), and 1/2 cup pomegranate seeds in a large bowl. Add 3/4 cup Granny Smith Apple Cider Vinaigrette; toss to coat. Add more vinaigrette, <END>
INPUT: Mexican, chips, coconut without any, lime juice, cumin, cayenne taste
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cumin Coconut Chips | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 coconut without any cracks and containing liquid; 2 teaspoons fresh lime juice; 3/4 teaspoon ground cumin; cayenne to taste | INSTRUCTIONS: With an ice pick or a skewer test the 3 eyes of the coconut to find the weakest one and pierce it to make a hole. Drain the liquid into a bowl and reserve it for another use if desired. Bake the coconut in a preheat 400°F. oven for 15 minutes, break it with a hammer on a work surface, and with the point of a strong small knife lever the flesh out of the shell carefully. With a vegetable peeler peel thin 1-inch-long slices of the coconut. In a bowl toss the coconut slices with the lime juice, the cumin, the cayenne, and salt to taste until they are coated well and bake them in a jelly-roll pan  <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, Greek yogurt, hummus, Juice lemon, Kosher salt, few dashes hot
OUTPUT: TITLE: Yogurt-Hummus Dip | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 1/3 cup Greek yogurt; 1/3 cup hummus; Juice of 1/2 lemon; Kosher salt; A few dashes of hot sauce | INSTRUCTIONS: Whisk together the yogurt, hummus, lemon juice, 1/4 teaspoon salt and hot sauce. Refrigerate in an airtight container for up to 3 days. <END>
INPUT: beignets, bananas, whipping cream, sugar, light corn syrup, bittersweet, creamy peanut butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Peanut Butter Beignets with Caramelized Bananas and Bitter Caramel Ice Cream | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 cup whipping cream; 2 tablespoons sugar; 1 tablespoon light corn syrup; 12 ounces bittersweet (not unsweetened) or semisweet chocolate, chopped; 3/4 cup creamy peanut butter; 1 3/4 cups plus 2 tablespoons all purpose flour; 1 cup unsweetened cocoa powder (preferably Valrhona or Dutch-process); 1/2 cup sugar; 3/4 teaspoon salt; 1 1/4 cups club soda; 2 large eggs; 9 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, cooled; Canola oil (for frying); 1/4 cup (1/2 stick) unsalted butter; 1/2 cup (packed) dark brown sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: For peanut butter ganache: Bring cream, sugar, and corn syrup to simmer in heavy medium saucepan. Add chocolate and stir until melted and smooth. Transfer mixture to medium bowl. Add peanut butter and whisk until mixture is smooth. Cover and chill until ganache is firm, about 2 hours. Using 1 level tablespoon ganache for each, form 1 1/4-inch balls. Place on baking sheet. Freeze ganache balls overnight. Bring cream, sugar, and corn syrup to simmer in heavy medium saucepan. Add chocolate and stir until melted and smooth. Transfer mixture to medium bowl. Add peanut butter and whisk until mixture <END>
INPUT: salad, potatoes, salt, hard boiled eggs, mayonnaise, sweet pickle relish
OUTPUT: TITLE: Potato Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 5 pounds red potatoes, peeled and cut in 1/2-inch cubes; 2 teaspoons salt, plus more to taste; 4 hard-boiled eggs, peeled and diced; 3/4 cup mayonnaise; 1/2 cup sweet pickle relish; Black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Place the potatoes in a medium saucepan or pressure cooker (see Note). Add 2 teaspoons salt and enough water to cover the potatoes. Boil the potatoes for 30 minutes, or until they are tender when pierced with the point of a knife but hold their shape. Drain the potatoes, transfer them to a large mixing bowl, and allow them to cool completely. Add the chopped eggs, mayonnaise, and sweet relish, and fold gently to combine. Add salt and pepper to taste. Refrigerate until ready to serve. <END>
INPUT: warm, salade, shallots, unsalted butter, tomato paste, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Warm Frisée-Lardon Salade with Poached Eggs in Red-Wine Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup chopped shallots; 1 1/2 tablespoons unsalted butter, divided; 1 teaspoon tomato paste; 1 (750-ml) bottle dry red wine; 2 garlic cloves, chopped; 4 thyme sprigs; 1 large parsley sprig; 1 Turkish or 1/2 California bay leaf; 1 (1/4-pound) piece slab bacon, cut crosswise into 1/4-inch sticks (lardons); 2/3 cup veal demi-glace or 2 tablespoons demi-glace concentrate plus 1/2 cup water; 1/2 tablespoon all-purpose flour; 8 (1/2-inch-thick) baguette slices; 1 tablespoon olive oil; 1 garlic clove, halved; 1 teaspoon distilled white vinegar | INSTRUCTIONS: Make sauce: Cook shallots in 1 tablespoon butter in a heavy medium saucepan over medium heat, stirring, until golden, about 3 minutes. Add tomato paste and cook, stirring, 1 minute. Add wine, garlic, thyme, parsley, bay leaf, 1/2 teaspoon salt, and 1/4 teaspoon pepper and boil until reduced to about 1 cup, 25 to 40 minutes. Preheat oven to 350°F with racks in upper and lower thirds. Meanwhile, cook lardons in a small heavy skillet over medium heat, stirring occasionally, until browned but not crisp. Drain on paper towels. Strain wine mixture through a fine-mesh sieve into a bowl, pressing on a <END>
INPUT: Italian, mediterranean, pesto sauce, roasted peppers, sun tomatoes, kalamata olives
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mediterranean Pizza With Fresh Mozzarella | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 (14-inch) pre-baked pizza crust or 2 (8-inch) pre-baked pizza crusts; 3/4 cup pesto sauce; 1/2 cup sliced roasted red peppers; 1/4 cup sliced sun-dried tomatoes (packed in oil); 1/4 cup sliced kalamata olives; 1/4 cup pine nuts; 4 cups (16 ounces) shredded mozzarella cheese; 4 ounces fresh mozzarella cheese, sliced | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Place the pizza crust(s) on a pizza pan or a large baking sheet. Spread the crust(s) with pesto sauce. Top with the peppers, tomatoes, olives, and pine nuts. Sprinkle with the shredded mozzarella, and place the mozzarella slices on top. Bake 12 to 15 minutes or until the pizza has reached the desired doneness. <END>
INPUT: American, poivre, peppercorns, blade, Salt, unsalted butter, vegetable oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Steak au Poivre | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon black peppercorns; 2 blade (aka flat iron) steaks, gristle removed; Salt; 1 tablespoon unsalted butter; 1 tablespoon vegetable oil; 2 medium shallots, thinly sliced; 1/2 cup beef broth; 1/4 cup brandy; 1/4 cup heavy cream; 1/2 teaspoon white wine vinegar | INSTRUCTIONS: Put peppercorns in a small resalable plastic bag and hit with a rolling pin until coarsely crushed. Pat the steaks dry with paper towels and season well salt. Dip 1 side of each steak into the peppercorns and press to help adhere. Heat the butter and oil in a 10-inch heavy-bottomed frying pan over medium-heat until just smoking. Add the steaks, peppercorn side up to the hot pan and cook, undisturbed, about 3 to 4 minutes. Flip and cook, pressing the steaks down in the pan so that the peppercorns adhere, about 4 to 5 minutes for medium-rare. Remove to a cutting board, tent with foil, and let re <END>
INPUT: Mexican, grits, peppers, olive oil, unsalted butter, Spanish onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Yellow Pepper Grits and Roasted Poblano Sauce | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 3 large yellow peppers; 4 tablespoons olive oil; 2 (16 ounce) cans hominy, drained; 1 tablespoon unsalted butter; 1 large Spanish onion, finely chopped; Salt and pepper; 3 gloves garlic, finely chopped; 1 tablespoon chipotle puree; 1 cup heavy cream; 1/2 cup grated white Cheddar; Poblano Pepper Sauce, recipe follows; 3 poblano peppers, roasted, peeled, seeded and chopped; 1/4 cup red wine vinegar; 3 tablespoons chopped cilantro leaves; 2 tablespoons honey | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. Rub the pepper with 2 tablespoons of the oil and place on a baking sheet. Roast in the oven until soft and skin is blackened. Place the peppers in a medium bowl, cover with plastic wrap and let sit for 15 minutes. Remove the skin and seeds from the peppers. Place 2 of the peppers in a food processor and process until smooth. Cut the remaining pepper into fine dice and set aside. Place the hominy in a food processor and process until smooth. Heat the remaining 2 tablespoons of oil and butter in a medium saucepan over medium heat. Add the onions, season with salt a <END>
INPUT: bliss potatoes, Salt, bacon, buttermilk, heavy cream
OUTPUT: TITLE: Buttermilk-Bacon Smashed Potatoes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound red bliss potatoes; Salt; 8 ounces bacon, sliced; 1/2 cup buttermilk; 1/4 cup heavy cream; Freshly ground pepper; 3 tablespoons unsalted butter; 2 cloves roasted garlic, smashed to a paste; Greens of 2 scallions, sliced, plus more for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Add the potatoes to a pot and cover with water. Season with salt and bring to a boil. Once at a boil, cook until a fork can easily pierce through the potatoes, 10 to 15 minutes. Drain and add to a bowl. Place the bacon in a cast-iron pan over medium heat. Allow the bacon to render and crisp, about 5 minutes. Reserve the fat. Put the buttermilk and heavy cream into a saucepan and scald. Reserve until needed. Smash the potatoes just a little bit, and then season with salt and pepper. Add the butter, a touch of the heated buttermilk/heavy cream, the scallions and 1 tablespoon bacon fat and smash. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, bites, fully, eggs, half half, Kosher salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chorizo-Tater Tot Bites | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound (about 3 cups) frozen Tater Tots; 10 ounces fully cooked (not dried) chorizo sausage, diced; 12 large eggs; 1/2 cup half-and-half; Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper; 1 1/2 cups shredded monterey jack cheese (about 6 ounces); 4 scallions, sliced; 1 tablespoon unsalted butter | INSTRUCTIONS: Bake the Tater Tots as the label directs and set aside. Reduce the oven temperature to 375 degrees F. Meanwhile, cook the chorizo in a medium ovenproof nonstick skillet over medium-high heat until lightly browned, about 5 minutes. Transfer to a paper towel-lined plate and wipe out the skillet. Whisk the eggs with the half-and-half, 1/2 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of pepper in a large bowl. Stir in the Tater Tots, cheese and scallions. Melt the butter in the skillet and add the egg mixture, spreading it out with a rubber spatula. Scatter the chorizo over the top; transfer the skillet to the  <END>
INPUT: gazpacho, ice water, slice bread, cucumbers, pepper, scallion
OUTPUT: TITLE: White Gazpacho | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup ice water; 1 slice firm white bread; 1 1/4 to 1 1/2 cucumbers, peeled, roughly chopped; 1/2 yellow pepper, seeded, roughly chopped; 1 scallion, white part only, roughly chopped; 1 small clove garlic, roughly chopped; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1 tablespoon white wine vinegar; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1/4 cup plain yogurt, for serving; 1 teaspoon chopped fresh basil, for serving | INSTRUCTIONS: Mix the ice water and bread in a blender. Let stand for 5 minutes. Add the cucumber, yellow pepper, scallion, garlic, oil and vinegar, and blend until chunky. Sprinkle with salt and pepper. Let the gazpacho chill for at least 1 hour. Divide the gazpacho among bowls and drizzle with the yogurt and basil. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, citrus, lime juice, orange juice, olive oil, cilantro, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Spicy-Citrus Chicken Thighs with Corn and Green Onions | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup fresh lime juice; 2/3 cup fresh orange juice; 1/2 cup olive oil; 1/2 cup chopped fresh cilantro; 4 garlic cloves, thinly sliced; 2 teaspoons hot pepper sauce; 2 teaspoons dried crushed red pepper; 16 large chicken thighs with skin and bones (about 6 pounds); 16 green onions; 8 ears of corn, husked | INSTRUCTIONS: Whisk first 7 ingredients in medium bowl. Season marinade with salt and pepper. Place chicken thighs in large resealable plastic bag. Place green onions and corn in extra-large resealable plastic bag. Divide marinade equally between bags; seal bags, turning to coat. Chill chicken, corn, and green onions 4 hours, turning bags occasionally. Prepare barbecue (medium heat). Remove chicken and vegetables from marinade; discard marinade. Grill chicken until charred and juices run clear when pierced with knife, turning occasionally and rearranging on grill for even cooking, about 25 minutes. Grill gr <END>
INPUT: soup, butternut squash, vegetable oil, onion, ginger, unsalted butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Butternut Squash Soup | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 medium butternut squash (about 2 1/4 pounds); Nonstick vegetable oil spray; 1 medium onion, chopped (about 1 cup); 1 tablespoon freshly grated ginger, optional; 3 tablespoons unsalted butter; 3 cups chicken broth; 1-2 cups water, as needed; Salt and pepper to taste; Sour cream for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Cut squash in half lengthwise, and scoop out the seeds. Arrange the halves cut side down in roasting pan that has been sprayed with nonstick vegetable oil spray. Bake squash in the oven for 40-45 minutes or until very tender. Set aside to cool. When the squash is completely cool, scoop the flesh from the skin. While the squash is baking, cook the onion and the ginger in the butter in a saucepan, over moderately low heat, for 5 minutes or until the onion is softened, Add the broth and simmer the mixture for 10 minutes, covered. Add the squash pulp to the sauce pan. Transfer the mixture to a ble <END>
INPUT: raviolo, Braised Short, spinach blanched spinach, Kosher salt pepper, Pasta Dough, All purpose flour
OUTPUT: TITLE: Beef Short Rib and Egg Yolk Raviolo | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups Braised Short Ribs, recipe follows; 1/2 cup thawed frozen spinach or blanched fresh spinach, squeezed to remove liquid; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; Fresh Pasta Dough, recipe follows; All-purpose flour, as needed; 4 egg yolks; 4 tablespoons butter; 1/2 cup grated Parmigiano-Reggiano; 1 lemon, zested and juiced; 2 cups 00 flour; 1 1/4 cups egg yolks; 2 tablespoons milk; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; Heavy pinch of salt; 3 pounds bone-in beef short ribs | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine the Braised Short Ribs and spinach in a bowl and season with salt and pepper. Set aside. Bring a large pot of water to a boil and season with salt. Using a rolling pin and pasta machine, roll out the Fresh Pasta Dough into a long sheet about 1/16 inch thick. Use flour as necessary to keep the surfaces from sticking. With a knife, cut the long sheet into 2 equal sheets. Cut each sheet into 4 equal squares, about 4 inches per side (don't worry if they're slightly rectangular). Divide the meat mixture among 4 of the pasta squares; the filling should come 1/2 inch from the edges. On each r <END>
INPUT: jelly, envelopes plain gelatin, sugar, water, lime lemon juice, sweet sherry
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sherry and Grapefruit Jelly | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 envelopes plain gelatin; 3/4 cup sugar; 1 1/2 cup water; 2 tablespoons lime or lemon juice; 1/2 cup medium-sweet sherry; 1 tablespoon Angostura bitters; 2 cups grapefruit juice; Grapefruit sections; Grated orange rind; Whipped cream flavored with sherry | INSTRUCTIONS: Mix gelatin and sugar in a pan, add water and cook over a low fire, stirring, until gelatin is completely dissolved. Remove from fire and add lime juice, sherry, Angostura bitters, and grapefruit juice. Pour into 8 individual molds and chill until firm. To serve, unmold on dessert dishes, garnish with grapefruit sections and dust lightly with grated orange rind. Serve with sherry-flavored whipped cream. Mix gelatin and sugar in a pan, add water and cook over a low fire, stirring, until gelatin is completely dissolved. Remove from fire and add lime juice, sherry, Angostura bitters, and grapefru <END>
INPUT: Italian, rounds, mousse, ricotta, mascarpone, pine nuts
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pasta Rounds with Spinach-Ricotta Mousse | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound ricotta; 1/2 pound mascarpone; 1 bunch (about 1/2 pound) spinach, washed, dried, and trimmed; 1 tablespoon (1 ounce) unsalted butter; 1/4 cup pine nuts; 3 cups (12 ounces) grated mozzarella; 1 ounce dry-aged goat cheese, grated; 1 egg, lightly beaten; 1 teaspoon kosher salt; 1 teaspoon freshly ground white pepper; 3/4 recipe (18 ounces) Basic Pasta Dough or Herb Pasta Dough, recipes follow; Semolina or all-purpose flour, for dusting; 2 tablespoons (1/4 stick) unsalted butter; 1/3 cup freshly grated Parmesan; 3 cups Tomato Garlic Basil Sauce, recipe follows | INSTRUCTIONS: In a food processor fitted with the steel blade, puree the ricotta, mascarpone, and half the spinach. Transfer to a medium mixing bowl and reserve. In a small skillet or saucepan, melt the butter. Saute the remaining spinach just until wilted, 2 to 3 minutes. Coarsely chop and let cool. In a small skillet, toast the pine nuts over medium heat, stirring constantly, about 2 minutes. Cool and fold into the cheese mixture with the cooled spinach, mozzarella, goat cheese, egg, salt, and pepper. Adjust the seasoning, to taste, and set the mousse aside. Cut the pasta dough into 4 pieces. On a surface <END>
INPUT: Asian, thai, wrap, soy sauce, vegetable oil, grill seasoning, seedless cucumber
OUTPUT: TITLE: Thai Chicken Wrap with Spicy Peanut Sauce | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 3 (6-ounce) chicken breasts; 1 tablespoon soy sauce; 1 tablespoon vegetable oil; 1 tablespoon grill seasoning; 1/2 seedless cucumber, peeled, halved lengthwise and thinly sliced on an angle; 2 cups fresh bean sprouts; 1 cup shredded carrots, available in pouches in produce department; 3 scallions, sliced on an angle; 12 leaves basil, chopped or torn; 3 tablespoons chopped mint leaves (4 sprigs); 1 tablespoon sesame seeds; 2 teaspoons sugar; 2 tablespoons rice wine vinegar or white vinegar; Salt; 1/4 cup room temperature chunky peanut butter, soften in microwave if it has been refrigerated | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat a grill pan over high heat. Toss chicken with soy and oil and grill 6 minutes on each side. Combine cucumber, sprouts, carrots, scallions, basil, mint and sesame with a generous sprinkle of sugar and vinegar. Season salad with salt, to taste. Whisk peanut butter, soy sauce, vinegar and cayenne together. Stream in vegetable oil. Slice cooked chicken on an angle. Toss with veggies and herbs. In a very hot nonstick skillet or over a gas burner heat tortillas 15 seconds on each side. Pile chicken and veggies in wraps and drizzle liberally with spicy peanut sauce before wrapping and rolling. <END>
INPUT: lemon juice, sweet onion, virgin olive oil, plum tomatoes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sauteed Artichoke Bottoms | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 (14.5-ounce) cans water-packed artichoke bottoms, drained and rinsed; 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice (about 1/2 a lemon); 1 medium sweet onion, finely chopped; 1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil; 6 plum tomatoes, seeded and diced; 1 1/2 teaspoons Italian seasoning; 2 tablespoons fresh basil leaves, shredded; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: In a bowl, combine and toss drained and rinsed artichoke bottoms with lemon juice. Set aside. In a large frying pan over medium heat, sweat onions in oil until translucent. Add tomatoes and cook until heated through, about 1 minute. Stir in Italian seasoning and shredded basil leaves. Add in artichoke bottoms with lemon juice and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Cover pan and reduce heat to low. Simmer for 10 minutes. To serve, remove artichoke bottoms and place on serving plate so the hollow side is up. Fill with tomato-onion mixture. <END>
INPUT: Indian, korma, vegetable oil, onion, garlic, julienned ginger, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: CHICKEN KORMA | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 4 tablespoons vegetable oil; 1 onion, chopped; 2 cloves garlic, chopped; 1/2 teaspoon julienned ginger; 1 teaspoon salt; 1 teaspoon turmeric; 1 teaspoon ground cumin; 1 pound chicken, cooked; 1 cup water; 1 1/2 teaspoons garam masala, or to taste; 1/4 pint heavy cream; 2 teaspoons finely chopped coriander | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat oil in a large deep frying pan adding chopped onions and fry for 4 to 5 minutes on a medium heat until the onions are slightly brown. Add the garlic and ginger and cook for a further 1 or 2 minutes. Add the salt, turmeric and ground cumin. Turn up the heat and further cook for another 1 minute then add the chicken. It is very crucial that spices are mixed within the pan at this point and stirred to ensure that the chicken cooks with texture and flavor. Add water after stirring the chicken into the spices. Turn down the heat slightly and stir in the garam masala and cream cook for a furthe <END>
INPUT: Italian, risotto, virgin olive oil, Brussels sprouts, guanciale, brunoise shallots, brunoise garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Risotto with Guanciale, Brussels Sprouts and Parmigiano | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 2 1/2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 8 Brussels sprouts, quartered (about 2 cups); 2 ounces guanciale, julienned; 3 tablespoons brunoise shallots; 1 1/2 teaspoons brunoise garlic; 1 1/2 teaspoons fresh thyme leaves, chopped; Crushed red pepper flakes; Kosher salt; 1 1/2 cups vialone nano rice; 1/2 cup dry white wine; 6 to 8 cups Capon Mushroom Stock, recipe follows; 2 tablespoons cold butter; 1/2 cup grated Parmigiano-Reggiano; 2 tablespoons chopped chives; 5 pounds capon bones | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Heat 1 tablespoon of the oil in a medium ovenproof saute pan set over medium heat. Add the Brussels sprouts and cook until just starting to brown, 4 to 5 minutes. Transfer the pan to the oven and cook until just tender, 5 minutes. Set aside and keep warm for a later use. In a 4-quart saucepan, heat 1/2 tablespoon of the oil over medium heat. Add the guanciale and cook until crispy. Remove the guanciale with a slotted spoon and drain on paper towels, and reserve the rendered fat in the saucepan. Discard all but 3 tablespoons of t <END>
INPUT: Italian, soup, low sodium chicken, lemon juice, bay leaf, carrots
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lemon Chicken Soup with Spaghetti | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 6 cups low-sodium chicken broth; 1/3 cup fresh lemon juice (about 2 lemons); 1 dried bay leaf; 1 (2-inch) piece Parmesan cheese rind, optional; 2 medium carrots, peeled and sliced into 1/4-inch pieces; 1 cup (about 2 1/2 ounces) spaghetti, broken into 2-inch pieces, *see Cook's Note; 2 cups diced cooked rotisserie chicken, preferably breast meat; 1 cup grated Romano cheese; 1/4 cup chopped fresh flat-leaf parsley; Kosher salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. In a large stockpot, bring the chicken broth, lemon juice, bay leaf, and Parmesan rind, if using, to a boil over medium-high heat. Add the carrots and simmer until tender, about 5 to 8 minutes. Add the broken pasta and cook until the pasta is tender, for 4 to 5 minutes, stirring occasionally. Add the chicken and heat through, about 2 to 3 minutes. Remove the bay leaf and the Parmesan rind and discard. Stir in 1/2 of the cheese and the parsley. Season with salt, to taste. Ladle the soup into serving bowls and sprinkle with the remaining cheese. *Cook's Note: You c <END>
INPUT: scotch, bulk country style, crumbled sage, thyme, cayenne, hard boiled eggs
OUTPUT: TITLE: Scotch Eggs | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/4 pounds bulk country-style or herbed sausage; 1 teaspoon crumbled dried sage; 1/2 teaspoon dried thyme, crumbled; 1/4 teaspoon cayenne; 4 hard-boiled large eggs; 1/2 cup all-purpose flour; 2 raw large eggs, beaten lightly; 1 cup fresh bread crumbs; vegetable oil for deep-frying the eggs | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large bowl combine well the sausage, the sage, the thyme, and the cayenne, divide the mixture into 4 equal portions, and flatten each portion into a thin round. Enclose each hard-boiled egg completely in 1 of the sausage rounds, patting the sausage into place. Dredge the sausage-coated eggs in the flour, shaking off the excess, dip them in the raw eggs, letting the excess drip off, and roll them gently in the bread crumbs, coating them well. In a deep fryer heat 2 1/2 inches of the oil to 350°F. and in it fry the Scotch eggs, 2 at a time, turning them and transferring them to paper towels <END>
INPUT: dulce, leche, dark rum, vanilla extract, pineapple, Vanilla ice cream
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Pineapple with Rum Dulce de Leche | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 (14-ounce) cans sweetened condensed milk; 1/3 cup dark rum; 1/4 teaspoon vanilla extract; 1/2 ripe pineapple, preferably golden; Vanilla ice cream, as needed | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 425 degrees F. Pour condensed milk into a 9-inch deep-dish pie plate and cover with foil. Put pie plate in a roasting pan and add enough hot water to pan to reach halfway up side of pie plate. Bake milk in middle of oven until thick and golden, about 1 1/2 hours. Carefully remove pie plate from pan and cool completely. Add rum and vanilla to milk, whisk until smooth, and season with salt. (The dulce de leche may be made 2 days ahead and chilled, covered.) Prepare a grill or grill pan. Cut the pineapple lengthwise through leaves, keeping leaves attached, into 4 wedges. Grill the <END>
INPUT: salad, baby spinach, chick peas, onion, balsamic vinegar, virgin olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Baby Spinach and Chick Pea Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 8 ounces baby spinach, 5 cups, chopped; 1 can chick peas, drained; 1/2 medium red onion, finely chopped; 1 tablespoon balsamic vinegar, eyeball it; 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, 3 turns of the bowl; Salt and pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine chopped spinach, chickpeas and chopped onions in a bowl. Add 1 tablespoon balsamic vinegar and 3 tablespoons (3 turns of the bowl in a slow stream) extra-virgin olive oil. Toss well to coat and combine. Season salad with salt and pepper, to your taste. <END>
INPUT: squares, cored pineapple, mango, papaya, orange juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pineapple, Mango and Papaya Squares | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups chopped cored peeled fresh pineapple; 1 cup chopped peeled pitted mango; 1 cup chopped peeled seeded papaya; 3/4 cup (packed) dark brown sugar; 1/2 cup orange juice; 1 cinnamon stick; 1/2 teaspoon grated orange peel; 1/2 teaspoon grated lemon peel; Pinch of ground cloves; 1 1/4 cups (2 1/2 sticks) unsalted butter, room temperature; 3/4 cup sugar; 3/4 teaspoon vanilla extract; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 2 2/3 cups all purpose flour | INSTRUCTIONS: For filling: Combine chopped pineapple, mango, papaya, brown sugar, orange juice, cinnamon stick, orange peel, lemon peel and ground cloves in heavy medium saucepan. Cook over low heat until reduced to 1 1/2 cups, stirring frequently, about 1 1/2 hours. Remove cinnamon stick. Cool. Combine chopped pineapple, mango, papaya, brown sugar, orange juice, cinnamon stick, orange peel, lemon peel and ground cloves in heavy medium saucepan. Cook over low heat until reduced to 1 1/2 cups, stirring frequently, about 1 1/2 hours. Remove cinnamon stick. Cool. For crust: Using electric mixer, beat butter, s <END>
INPUT: pies, pecan halves, mini, butter pecan ice, Caramel sauce, Whipped cream
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mini Pecan Ice Cream Pies | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup pecan halves; 4 mini, individual graham cracker pie shells; 1 pint butter pecan ice cream; Caramel sauce, for sundaes; Whipped cream, canister | INSTRUCTIONS: Toast pecans over moderate heat then reserve. Place pie shells on a small tray. Soften ice cream in microwave on high for 20 seconds. Fill pie shells with ice cream, mounding each shell up. Smooth edges of the ice cream pies and freeze 20 minutes to set. Remove lid of the caramel sauce and warm it, 1 minute on high. Top pies with caramel sauce and lots of toasted pecans and whipped cream. <END>
INPUT: French, cubes, sauce, salmon steak, Salt pepper taste, tawny port, firmly, shallot
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Salmon Cubes with Tawny Port-Tarragon Sauce | CUISINE: French | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 pound salmon steak (1 1/4 inches thick); Salt and pepper to taste; 1/3 cup tawny port (as dry as possible); 1/4 cup firmly packed, fresh tarragon leaves (no stems); 1 large shallot, minced; 1/4 cup beef stock; 1 stick (1/2 cup) cold butter; 1 teaspoon vegetable oil; Coarse salt for sprinkling the salmon | INSTRUCTIONS: Skin and bone the salmon steak. Cut into 8 cubes, each one approximately 1 1/4 inches square. Season well with salt and pepper. Place in a mixing bowl, and add the tawny port. Stir in the tarragon leaves, reserving a few for garnish. Cover and marinate in the refrigerator for 2 to 6 hours (try to marinate it as long as possible). When ready to cook, prepare a charcoal fire. While the fire is getting hot, prepare the sauce. Remove the salmon cubes from the marinade and reserve cubes. Pour the marinade into a small saucepan. Add the shallot and beef stock. Bring to a boil over high heat, skimmin <END>
INPUT: tomatoes, Salt pepper, Olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Tomatoes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 5 whole tomatoes; Salt and freshly ground pepper; Olive oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat grill to high. Slice the tomatoes thickly, about 1 to 1 1/2 inches, pour some olive oil and some cracked pepper and salt on both sides. Place on grill for about 3 minutes on each side. <END>
INPUT: sandwiches, egg, eggplant, Parmesan cheese, mayonnaise, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Eggplant and Tomato Sandwiches with Garlic-Thyme Mayo | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 egg, beaten and mixed with 1 tablespoon water; 1 eggplant, peeled and sliced into 1/4 inch rounds; 1/4 cup grated Parmesan cheese; 1/2 cup mayonnaise; 2 cloves garlic, minced; 2 teaspoons thyme leaves; 2 tomatoes, sliced; 1 loaf French bread, sliced in half lengthwise | INSTRUCTIONS: Brush the eggplant slices with the egg and dip both sides in Parmesan cheese. Place slices on a sheetpan and place under broiler. Brown both sides, about 5 minutes. Set aside to cool. Mix garlic and thyme into mayonnaise. Spread mayonnaise on bread. Layer the eggplant and tomato slices on bread. Slice sandwich into 4 sections. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, grill, tacos, wild Alaska Cod, lettuce leaves, high quality, Border Guacamole
OUTPUT: TITLE: Border Grill Grilled Alaska Cod Tacos | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1½ pounds wild Alaska Cod fillets; 12 small (4 to 6-inch) corn tortillas, warmed*; 6 lettuce leaves, torn in half; 1 cup high-quality, store-bought salsa fresca; 1 cup Border Guacamole (see recipe below), or high-quality, store-bought guacamole; Lime wedges, for serving; 2½ Tablespoons cumin seeds; 3 jalapeno chiles, stemmed and cut in half; 2 cloves garlic; 1 teaspoon salt; 1 Tablespoon freshly ground black pepper; ¼ cup freshly squeezed lime juice; 1 large bunch cilantro; ½ cup extra virgin olive oil; 5 ripe avocados, preferably California Hass | INSTRUCTIONS: Makes 3 cups, or 6 appetizer servings For the marinade, lightly toast cumin seeds in a dry skillet over low heat just until aroma is released, about 5 minutes. Transfer seeds to a blender. Add jalapenos, garlic, salt, pepper, and lime juice and puree until cumin seeds are finely ground. Add cilantro and olive oil and puree until smooth. Using hands, generously cover Alaska Cod entirely with marinade and let sit at room temperature for 20 minutes. Preheat a medium-hot grill, broiler oven, or pan on the stovetop over medium-high heat. Cook fish until nearly opaque throughout, about 2 to 5 minute <END>
INPUT: lassi, ice, plain yogurt, pistachios, sugar, cardamom
OUTPUT: TITLE: Peach Lassi | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup ice; 1 cup plain yogurt; 1 tablespoon chopped pistachios; 1 tablespoon sugar; 1/4 teaspoon ground cardamom; 4 canned peach halves | INSTRUCTIONS: Place the ice, yogurt, pistachios, sugar, cardamom and peaches into a blender and puree until smooth. Serve immediately. <END>
INPUT: mashed, russet potatoes, Kosher salt, half half, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Simple Mashed Potatoes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 pounds medium russet potatoes, scrubbed (3 to 4 potatoes); Kosher salt; 6 tablespoons (3/4 stick) unsalted butter, at room temperature, cut into pieces; 1 cup half-and-half, warmed; Freshly ground pepper; 2 pounds medium russet potatoes, scrubbed (3 to 4 potatoes); Kosher salt; 6 tablespoons (3/4 stick) unsalted butter, at room temperature, cut into pieces; 1 cup half-and-half, warmed; Freshly ground pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Put the potatoes in a large saucepan, add enough cold water to just cover and salt generously. Bring to a simmer over medium heat and cook, uncovered, until the potatoes are fork-tender, 45 to 55 minutes. Drain the potatoes, peel (use an oven mitt or kitchen towel to steady the potatoes) and transfer to a large bowl. Add the butter, warm milk, 1 1/2 teaspoons salt and a few grinds of black pepper, and mash with a potato masher. Put the potatoes in a large saucepan, add enough cold water to just cover and salt generously. Bring to a simmer over medium heat and cook, uncovered, until the potatoe <END>
INPUT: Italian, roll, Kosher salt, lasagna noodles, virgin olive oil, onion, tomato paste
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lasagna Roll-Ups | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: Kosher salt; 17 lasagna noodles; 5 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, plus more for drizzling; 1 small yellow onion, finely chopped; 1 tablespoon tomato paste; 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped; One 15-ounce can crushed tomatoes; 1 bay leaf; 1 tablespoon fresh parsley leaves, finely chopped; 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, plus more for seasoning; 1 pound whole milk ricotta (about 2 cups); One 8-ounce block part-skim mozzarella; 1/2 cup grated Parmesan; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh basil, plus more whole leaves for serving; 2 large eggs | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: a 9-inch springform pan Bring a large saucepan of generously salted water to a boil. Add half the noodles, dropping each in separately, and cook, stirring gently, until pliable but still firm, about 4 minutes. Lift the noodles out of the water with a slotted spoon then lay them on a sheet of foil in a single layer, not touching. Lightly drizzle the noodles with 1 tablespoon olive oil then rub them all over to coat well. Repeat with the remaining noodles and 1 tablespoon olive oil. Heat 2 tablespoons of the olive oil in a medium saucepan over medium-low heat Add the onion and <END>
INPUT: Italian, salsa, cruda, shallot, garlic, virgin olive oil, tomatoes, hot pepper flakes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Orecchiette with Salsa Cruda and Ricotta | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 medium shallot, minced; 2 small garlic cloves, forced through a garlic press; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1 1/2 pounds tomatoes, chopped; 1/4 teaspoon hot red-pepper flakes; 1/3 cup coarsely chopped basil; 1 pound dried orecchiette; 3/4 cup ricotta (preferably fresh); Small basil leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: Stir together all ingredients except pasta and ricotta in a large bowl with 3/4 teaspoon salt and 1/2 teaspoon pepper. Let stand, stirring occasionally, 20 minutes. Meanwhile, cook orecchiette in a pasta pot of boiling salted water (3 tablespoons salt for 6 qt water) until al dente. Drain pasta and toss with tomato salsa. Season with salt and pepper and dollop with ricotta. Stir together all ingredients except pasta and ricotta in a large bowl with 3/4 teaspoon salt and 1/2 teaspoon pepper. Let stand, stirring occasionally, 20 minutes. Meanwhile, cook orecchiette in a pasta pot of boiling salt <END>
INPUT: peanut oil, garlic, unblanched almonds, pine nuts, unsalted cashews
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spicy Nut and Raisin Mix | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons peanut oil; 2 cloves garlic, crushed; 2/3 cup unblanched almonds; 2/3 cup pine nuts; 2/3 cup unsalted cashews; 2 teaspoons Worcestershire sauce; 2 teaspoons chile powder; 1 teaspoon cayenne; 1 1/3 cups thin pretzel sticks, broken in 1-inch pieces; 1 cup seedless raisins; 1 teaspoon sea salt | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large cast iron skillet, over a medium heat, warm the oil. Add the garlic and cook 1 to 2 minutes. Add the almonds, pine nuts, and cashews. Add the Worcestershire sauce, chile powder, and cayenne. Mix well. Stir in the pretzels and cook 3 to 4 minutes, stirring constantly. Remove from the heat. Add the raisins and salt. Mix well. Turn the mixture into a serving dish and cool.; <END>
INPUT: Italian, Vegetable oil, buttermilk, unsalted butter, eggs
OUTPUT: TITLE: Scallion and Mozzarella Cornbread | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: Vegetable oil cooking spray; 2 (8.5-ounce) boxes cornbread mix (recommended: Jiffy); 1/2 cup buttermilk, at room temperature; 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted; 2 eggs, at room temperature; 10 large pimiento-stuffed green olives, coarsely chopped to yield 1/2 cup; 5 scallions, light green and white parts only, finely chopped to yield 1/2 cup; 1 cup grated mozzarella | INSTRUCTIONS: Place an oven rack in the center of the oven. Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Liberally spray an 8-by-8-inch glass baking dish with vegetable oil cooking spray. Set aside. In a medium bowl, mix together the cornbread mix, buttermilk, melted butter, eggs, olives, scallions, and cheese until the mixture forms a thick, lumpy batter. Using a spatula spread the batter into the prepared baking dish. Bake until golden brown, 25 to 30 minutes. Allow the cornbread to cool in the pan for 15 minutes. Cut into 1 1/2-inch squares and serve. Cook's Note: To remove the cooked cornbread easily from the bak <END>
INPUT: Mexican, citrus, mixed, Yukon Gold potatoes, chicken thighs bones, orange juice, chili powder
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Chili-Citrus Chicken Thighs with Mixed Olives and Potatoes | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound Yukon Gold potatoes, peeled, cut into 3/4-inch-wide wedges; 8 large skinless chicken thighs with bones; 2 tablespoons (or more) fresh lime juice, divided; 1/3 cup fresh orange juice; 3 tablespoons chili powder; 1 tablespoon paprika; 1 tablespoon smoked paprika; 2 teaspoons finely grated orange peel; 1 teaspoon ground cumin; 1/2 teaspoon dried oregano; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1 cup low-salt chicken broth; 2 tablespoons coarsely chopped fresh cilantro, divided; 1 tablespoon coarsely chopped fresh parsley | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 400°F. Cook potatoes in large saucepan of lightly salted water until almost tender, about 7 minutes. Drain. Meanwhile, place chicken thighs on large heavy-duty rimmed baking sheet. Sprinkle chicken generously with salt; drizzle with 1 tablespoon lime juice and set aside. Whisk 1 tablespoon lime juice, orange juice, chili powder, both paprikas, grated orange peel, ground cumin, dried oregano, and 1/2 teaspoon salt in small bowl. Rub chili mixture all over chicken. Arrange potato wedges on baking sheet, nestling around chicken. Drizzle olive oil over chicken and potatoes. Bake ch <END>
INPUT: encrusted, puree, Canola oil, garlic powder, onion powder, smoked paprika, Salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Salt & Vinegar Encrusted Quail and Potato Puree with Honey Sriracha Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Canola oil, for cooking; 1 teaspoon garlic powder; 1 teaspoon onion powder; 1 teaspoon smoked paprika; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 3 quails, split; 1/2 cup sriracha hot sauce; 2 tablespoons honey; 1/2 cup panko breadcrumbs; One 2 1/2-ounce bag salt and vinegar potato chips; 1 large egg; 1/4 to 1/2 cup milk; 3 potatoes; 1 clove garlic; 1/4 cup sour cream | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: a deep fryer and deep-fry thermometer Heat a deep fryer with canola oil to 375 degrees F. Create a rub by combining the garlic powder, onion powder, paprika, 2 teaspoons salt and 1 teaspoon black pepper in a small bowl. Rub the seasoning mix over the quails and set aside. Combine the sriracha and honey with a whisk in a small bowl and set aside. Heat 2 to 3 tablespoons canola oil in a cast-iron skillet over medium heat. Once the oil is hot, place the quail in the pan and sear on both sides, 2 to 3 minutes per side. Combine the panko breadcrumbs and potato chips in a food pro <END>
INPUT: American, casserole, virgin olive oil, fine vermicelli noodles, onion, garlic, coriander
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mexican Turkey Noodle Casserole | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil, plus more for preparing the pan; 10 ounces fine vermicelli noodles in bundles (fideo); 1 medium onion, diced; 3 large garlic cloves, minced; 1 teaspoon ground coriander; 1 teaspoon dried Mexican oregano; 1 teaspoon New Mexican chile powder; 1 bay leaf; 1 1/2 cups canned tomatoes and juices, crushed; 1 to 2 chipotles en adobo, minced; 1 1/2 cups chicken broth, homemade or low-sodium canned; 2 cups diced cooked turkey, chicken, or smoked chicken breast; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 cup coarsely chopped queso anejo or feta cheese; 1 cup sour cream | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Brush an 8 x 8-inch casserole dish with oil. Set aside. In a large skillet over medium heat, heat the oil. Add the raw noodle bundles, and saute turning with a pair of tongs until golden brown on both sides, about 5 minutes. Transfer the noodles and any pieces to a plate. Saute the onion in the same skillet, over medium heat, until light golden, about 4 minutes. Add the garlic, ground coriander, oregano, chile powder, and bay leaf, stirring until fragrant, about 30 seconds. Add the tomatoes and the chipotles, increase the heat to high, and cook for 2 minutes, <END>
INPUT: first brisket, oil, onions, garlic, peppercorns
OUTPUT: TITLE: Brisket | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 5 pounds first-cut brisket; 3 tablespoons oil; 3 pounds onions, sliced thin; 5 cloves garlic, crushed; 2 teaspoons peppercorns; Salt; Parsley; White horseradish | INSTRUCTIONS: Pat brisket with paper towels to dry. Heat oil in casserole. Season meat with salt and pepper. Brown meat on all sides; remove from casserole. Add onions to casserole and saute until golden. Return meat to casserole, and add garlic and peppercorns. Cover and simmer 3 hours, or place in a preheated 325 degree oven for 3 hours. Season with salt and pepper, slice and serve with its own juice. If a thicker sauce is desired, mix 1 tablespoon potato starch with 1 tablespoon water; add to sauce, stirring and heat through. Sprinkle with chopped parsley, Serve with white horseradish. <END>
INPUT: rainbow trout, Salt pepper, all purpose flour, olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Rainbow Trout with Jasmine Rice and Citrus Vinaigrette | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 rainbow trout, heads removed and cleaned; Salt and black pepper; 2 cups all-purpose flour; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1 tablespoon olive oil; 1 teaspoon butter; Jasmine Rice, recipe follows; Citrus Vinaigrette, recipe follows; 3 cups Jasmine rice, rinsed; 3 1/2 cups cold water; 3/4 cup finely diced onion; 1 bay leaf; Salt; White Pepper; 1/4 cup Champagne vinegar | INSTRUCTIONS: Season trout fillets lightly with salt and pepper on both meat and skin sides. Lightly dust fillets with flour and shake off excess. In a non-stick skillet large enough to hold all 4 fish, heat the oil and butter over high heat until almost smoking. (You may need to work in batches or use 2 skillets if you don't have one that is large enough). Carefully place the trout, meat side down, in the skillet and saute for about 2 minutes or until golden brown. Carefully turn the fish over with tongs and finish cooking on the skin side, about 2 more minutes. With tongs, remove the trout from the skille <END>
INPUT: pastries, lucumie, unbleached all purpose, sugar, salt, egg
OUTPUT: TITLE: Eggplant and Chocolate Pastries (Lucumie) | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 1/2 cups unbleached all-purpose flour; 6 tablespoons sugar; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/2 pound (2 sticks) unsalted butter or margarine, chilled; 1 egg; 6 tablespoons sweet wine, such as Marsala; 1 large eggplant; 2 tablespoons vegetable oil; One 8-ounce jar unsalted roasted almond butter (available in health food stores and some large supermarkets); 2 ounces unsweetened chocolate, chopped; 1/4 cup sugar; 1/2 teaspoon cinnamon; 2 teaspoons vanilla; 1/2 cup thyme honey | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 400 degrees. For the dough: Sift together flour, sugar, and salt into a large mixing bowl. Cut in the chilled butter or margarine until the mixture resembles coarse cornmeal. In a small bowl, beat together the egg and wine just to blend, then add all at once to the flour mixture, tossing together until the dough forms a ball. Transfer the dough to a lightly floured work surface and knead gently a few times until smooth. Wrap the dough in plastic wrap and chill while you make the filling. For the filling: Cut the eggplant in half. Brush the cut side with the vegetable oil and pl <END>
INPUT: Asian, almost, lettuce, egg, cornstarch, Chinese rice wine, oyster sauce
OUTPUT: TITLE: Almost-Famous Chicken Lettuce Wraps | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1 large egg white; 1 tablespoon cornstarch; 1 tablespoon Chinese rice wine or dry sherry; 1 1/2 pounds skinless, boneless chicken breasts, diced; 2 tablespoons oyster sauce; 1 tablespoon hoisin sauce; 1 tablespoon low-sodium soy sauce; 1 tablespoon Chinese rice wine or dry sherry; 1 teaspoon toasted sesame oil; 2 teaspoons cornstarch; 2 bundles cellophane noodles; Peanut oil, for frying; 4 tablespoons peanut oil; 3 cloves garlic, minced; 1 teaspoon minced peeled ginger | INSTRUCTIONS: Prepare the chicken: Whisk the egg white, cornstarch and rice wine in a bowl. Add the chicken and toss to coat. Cover and refrigerate at least 30 minutes. Make the stir-fry sauce: Whisk 1/3 cup water, the oyster, hoisin and soy sauces, the rice wine and sesame oil in a bowl, then whisk in the cornstarch until dissolved. Fry the noodles: Pull the noodles apart into sections. Heat 3/4 inch peanut oil in a medium saucepan until a deep-fry thermometer registers 380 degrees F. Working in batches, press the noodles into the oil with a spatula until they puff, 5 to 10 seconds. Drain on paper towels.  <END>
INPUT: custard, raspberry preserves, raspberries unsweetened, sugar, eggs, egg yolks
OUTPUT: TITLE: Raspberry Custard | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 tablespoons raspberry preserves; 36 fresh raspberries or frozen unsweetened, thawed; 1/2 cup sugar; 2 eggs; 2 egg yolks; 2 teaspoons vanilla extract; Pinch of salt; 2 cups half and half | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350°F. Place 1 tablespoon preserves, then 6 berries in each of six 3/4 cup custard cups or ramekins. Whisk sugar, eggs, yolks, vanilla and salt to blend in medium bowl. Heat half and half over medium heat until tiny bubbles form around edge of pan. Gradually whisk half and half into egg mixture. Evenly divide custard mixture among cups with berries. Set cups into 13x9x2-inch baking pan. Pour enough hot water into baking pan to reach halfway up sides of cups. Place pan with custards in oven; bake until custards are just set in center, about 35 minutes. Remove custards from water <END>
INPUT: virgin olive oil, garlic, onion, jalapeno, couple pinches salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mussels in Mexican Beer | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, 2 turns of the pan; 4 cloves garlic, cracked away from skin and crushed; 1 small onion, chopped; 1 jalapeno, seeded and chopped; A couple pinches salt; 2 1/2 dozen mussels, scrubbed and beards removed; 1/2 bottle dark Mexican beer, such as Modelo Negro or Dos Equis; 1 (15-ounces) diced tomatoes; 2 tablespoons chopped flat-leaf parsley or cilantro, your preference | INSTRUCTIONS: In a deep skillet with a cover preheated over medium high heat, add oil, garlic, onion and jalapeno. Season with salt. Saute 2 minutes. Arrange mussels in the pan. Pour in beer and tomatoes and shake the pan to combine. Cover pan and cook 3 minutes or until mussels open. Remove from heat and spoon sauce down into shells. Garnish with parsley or cilantro. Serve immediately from the pan. <END>
INPUT: crisp, potatoes, olive oil, rosemary
OUTPUT: TITLE: Crisp Rosemary Potatoes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 pound red potatoes, cut into 1/4-inch-thick slices; 1 tablespoon olive oil; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh rosemary | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 450 degrees F and generously oil 2 large baking sheets. Arrange potatoes in 1 layer on sheets. Brush tops with oil and sprinkle with rosemary and salt and pepper, to taste. Roast potatoes in upper and lower thirds of oven, switching position of sheets halfway through baking, until golden and edges are crisp, about 20 minutes. <END>
INPUT: American, better, burger, basil, parsley, tarragon, cayenne pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Better Butter Burger | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound (4 sticks) unsalted butter, softened; 1 1/2 teaspoons minced fresh basil; 1 1/2 teaspoons minced fresh parsley; 1 1/2 teaspoons minced fresh tarragon; Pinch cayenne pepper; 2 large cloves garlic, minced; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 cup mayonnaise; 1 tablespoon fresh lime juice; 1 teaspoon paprika; 1/4 teaspoon cayenne; 1/4 teaspoon ground cumin; 11 small cloves garlic, roasted and chopped; 2 pounds fresh ground beef or four 8-ounce Angus beef patties; 4 slices cheese | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. For the compound butter: Stir together the butter, basil, parsley, tarragon, cayenne and garlic; season with salt and pepper. Spoon the mixture onto a piece of plastic wrap in a 6-inch-long mound. Fold the plastic wrap over the mixture to enclose it, and roll it to form a log about 2 1/2 inches in diameter. Chill until firm, about 2 hours. For the roasted garlic aioli: Blend the mayonnaise, lime juice, paprika, cayenne, cumin and garlic in a food processor until smooth. For the burgers: Preheat the oven to broil. Form the ground beef into 4 patties. Stuff a slice <END>
INPUT: caramel, natural licorice bamboo, Lady apples, Seckel pears, granulated sugar, water
OUTPUT: TITLE: Caramel Lady Apples and Seckel Pears | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 12 natural licorice sticks or bamboo skewers, each 6 inches long; 6 Lady apples, stems removed; 6 Seckel pears, stems removed; 1 cup granulated sugar; 1/2 cup water; 1 tablespoon lemon juice; 1 piece lemon peel, about 2 inches long and 1-inch wide; 2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract | INSTRUCTIONS: Insert a licorice stick or bamboo skewer into the stem end of each apple and pear. Reserve. In a medium heavy bottomed saucepan over medium heat, combine the sugar, water, lemon juice, lemon peel and vanilla extract. Cook, stirring, until the sugar melts. Increase the heat to high and cook until the mixture is golden amber in color. (Do not stir the mixture once you have stirred the mixture.) Remove the caramel from the heat. One at a time, dip the apples and pears in the caramel, twirling and swirling them to coat completely. Transfer the coated fruit to a wire rack and let the caramel harden <END>
INPUT: American, four, farfalle pasta, unsalted butter, garlic, all purpose flour, milk
OUTPUT: TITLE: Baked Butternut Four Cheese Farfalle with Sage | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound dry farfalle pasta; 8 tablespoons unsalted butter, divided; 1 tablespoon minced garlic; 1/4 cup all-purpose flour; 2 1/2 cups whole milk; 2 cups finely mashed cooked butternut squash; 8 ounces crumbled Gorgonzola cheese; 8 ounces coarsely chopped Brie cheese (rind removed); 1 cup shredded fontina cheese; 3/4 teaspoon salt; 3/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 3/4 cup finely chopped pecans; 1/3 cup coarsely chopped fresh sage leaves; 1 cup finely grated Gruyere cheese | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. Fill a large pot with salted water and bring to a boil. Add pasta to water and cook for 8 minutes, or until al dente; drain well, and reserve in a large mixing bowl. Melt 6 tablespoons of butter in a large saucepan over medium heat. Add the garlic, and cook for 1 minute, or until golden. Whisk in flour and cook for 1 additional minute. Whisk in milk, and butternut squash, and bring mixture to a low boil. Reduce heat to low, whisk in Gorgonzola, Brie, fontina, salt, and pepper, until cheese is melted, about 3 to 4 minutes. Pour cheese sauce over the pasta and stir <END>
INPUT: American, mashed, russet potatoes, milk, onion, soft goat cheese
OUTPUT: TITLE: Goat Cheese Mashed Potatoes | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 3 pounds russet potatoes, peeled, cut into 1 1/2-inch pieces; 1 cup whole milk; 1 onion, chopped; 6 tablespoons (3/4 stick) butter; 4 ounces soft fresh goat cheese (such as Montrachet), crumbled | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook potatoes in large pot of boiling salted water until tender, about 30 minutes. Meanwhile, bring milk, onion and butter to boil in small saucepan over medium-high heat. Remove from heat. Drain potatoes and return to pot. Add hot milk mixture and mash. Add goat cheese and mash until blended. Season to taste with salt and pepper. (Can be prepared 2 hours ahead. Let stand at room temperature. Before serving, stir over low heat until heated through.) Cook potatoes in large pot of boiling salted water until tender, about 30 minutes. Meanwhile, bring milk, onion and butter to boil in small saucep <END>
INPUT: American, caramel, deep dish piecrust, dark sugar, light corn syrup, unsalted butter, flaky sea salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Salted Caramel Pecan Pie | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 deep-dish frozen piecrust; 1 cup packed dark brown sugar; 1 cup light corn syrup; 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, cut into pieces; 1 tablespoon flaky sea salt, plus more for garnish; 3 large eggs, lightly beaten; 2 cups chopped pecans | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Place the piecrust on a baking sheet, prick with a fork and bake for 15 minutes. Add the brown sugar, corn syrup, butter and salt to a medium saucepan. Place over medium heat and stir while the mixture melts. Bring to a boil. Remove from the heat and cool. Whisk in the eggs and the pecans. Add to the pie shell on the baking sheet and bake for 50 minutes. Cool completely before serving. <END>
INPUT: Indian, chaat masala, cumin seeds, chili powder, mint, buttermilk
OUTPUT: TITLE: Onion Rings | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons chaat masala; 2 tablespoons cumin seeds, toasted and ground; 1 tablespoon red chili powder; 1 tablespoon dried mint; 1 cup buttermilk; 1 tablespoon tandoori masala; 2 large yellow onions, peeled, cut into 1/8-inch-thick rings; Vegetable oil, for frying; 2 cups all-purpose flour; Kosher salt | INSTRUCTIONS: For the onion ring masala: Combine the chaat masala, ground cumin, chili powder and mint. Mix together the buttermilk, tandoori masala and 2 teaspoons of the onion ring masala. Add the onion rings and press to coat. Marinate covered in the refrigerator for at least 1 hour. Fill a large Dutch oven halfway with vegetable oil and heat to 375 degrees F. Mix together the flour and 2 tablespoons onion ring masala in a shallow bowl or large dish. Dredge the onions in the seasoned flour in batches, coating each ring evenly. Shake off any excess flour and carefully place the rings into the hot oil. Fry <END>
INPUT: sauce, asparagus, roasted peppers from, olive oil, flat leaf parsley, Salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Steamed Asparagus with Roasted Pepper Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound asparagus, 1 inch trimmed off the bottom and peeled; 1/2 cup roasted red peppers from the jar; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1/4 cup chopped flat leaf parsley; Salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Trim 1 inch off the bottoms of the asparagus. Peel the stalks and cut them into 1 1/2-inch lengths. Cut the roasted peppers into slivers, blend them with the olive oil and parsley and season to taste with salt and pepper. Set this mixture in the bottom of a mixing bowl. Steam the asparagus for 3 to 4 minutes or until just cooked through; when done, remove and toss with the peppers, olive oil and parsley; serve with the veal chops. <END>
INPUT: sausages, portobello mushroom, Kosher salt, sharp Cheddar, pork butt, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mushroom and Cheddar Pork Sausages | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 large portobello mushroom, stem and gills removed, small diced; Kosher salt; 8 ounces sharp Cheddar, small diced (about 1 cup); 2 1/2 pounds pork butt, cut into medium-large pieces (See Cook's Note); 1 tablespoon freshly ground pepper; 1 teaspoon dried sage; 1/2 cup whole milk, cold; Pretzel buns, for serving; Coarse ground mustard, for serving | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Season the mushroom with 1 teaspoon salt and set aside in a bowl in the refrigerator to allow it to release any moisture. Put the Cheddar and pork on 2 quarter-sheet trays and freeze just until firm, about 1 hour. Using a stand mixer fitted with the coarse grind attachment, grind the pork into the bowl of the stand mixer. Add 1 tablespoon salt, the pepper and sage and toss to combine. If the meat feels warm, place it in the freezer for a few minutes until it cools. Switch to the fine grind attachment and regrind the meat mixture. Add the milk and mushrooms to the <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, skewers, fennel seeds, orange zest, orange juice, pepper, feta cheese
OUTPUT: TITLE: Marinated Feta and Olive Skewers | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 2 teaspoons fennel seeds; 2 teaspoons orange zest; 3 tablespoons orange juice; 1 teaspoon cracked black pepper; 4 ounces feta cheese, cut into 24 (1/2-inch) cubes; 24 mint leaves; 1/4 large English cucumber, seeded, and cut into 1/2-inch chunks; 12 pitted green olives, halved | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Special equipment: 24 (6-inch) skewers In a medium bowl combine the fennel seeds, orange zest, orange juice, and pepper. Gently stir in the feta and marinate for 1 hour or more. To make the skewers, place a mint leaf about 3/4-inch up the skewer, then add an olive half, then a chunk of cucumber. Gently place a cube of the marinated feta on the end. <END>
INPUT: spanish, olive oil, onions, bell peppers, celery, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spanish Rice | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup olive oil; 2 onions, finely chopped; 2 green bell peppers, seeded, ribs removed, and diced; 2 ribs celery, finely chopped; 3 cloves garlic, minced; 1 cup long-grain white rice; One 8-ounce can tomato sauce; 2 cups water; 1 teaspoon salt; 1/4 teaspoon black pepper; 1 teaspoon cumin (optional) | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat the olive oil in a large frying pan over medium heat, then add the onions, green peppers, and celery and sauté until soft, about 3 minutes. Add the garlic and cook for another minute while stirring. Add the rice and stir together to mix. Add the tomato sauce and the water carefully. Season with the salt and pepper, and add the cumin, if using. Bring to a boil, lower the heat, cover, and simmer for 20 to 25 minutes, until the rice is done, stirring once or twice. Heat the olive oil in a large frying pan over medium heat, then add the onions, green peppers, and celery and sauté until soft,  <END>
INPUT: greens, Spanish onion, apple cider, chicken stock, Kosher salt, Swiss chard
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cider Braised Greens | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon diced Spanish onion; 2 cups apple cider; 1 cup chicken stock; Kosher salt; 8 stalks Swiss chard, leaves roughly chopped, stems diced; 5 stalks kale, leaves rough chopped, stems discarded | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine the onion, cider, chicken stock, and salt in a large pot and bring to a boil over medium-high heat. Reduce the heat to medium and add the chard and kale. Cover the pot and simmer for 10 minutes. Check the greens for tenderness, stir them, and add a little more salt. Re-cover the pot and cook until the greens are fully tender, about 4 minutes more. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, guacamole, cherry tomatoes, avocado, Juice lemon, olive oil, drops hot pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cherry Tomatoes Stuffed with Crab Guacamole | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 24 large red and yellow cherry tomatoes (1-inch size); 1 small ripe avocado, split, pitted and peeled; Juice of 1/2 lemon; 1 tablespoon olive oil; 8 drops hot pepper sauce; 4 ounces crabmeat; 1 tablespoon shallots, finely chopped; 1 small clove garlic; peeled and finely chopped; 8 sprigs coriander, leaves only, half the leaves chopped; Salt and pepper to taste | INSTRUCTIONS: Cut a 1/4-inch cap off each tomato. Reserve the caps. Scoop out the seeds and pulp with a tiny spoon or melon-ball scoop. Season each hollowed tomato with salt and pepper. Set aside. Mash the avocado with a fork in a bowl, add the lemon juice, olive oil, hot pepper sauce, crabmeat, shallots, garlic, and chopped coriander and mix until smooth. Salt and pepper to taste. Fill each cherry tomato 1/4-inch above the rim with the crab guacamole. Add a coriander leaf for decoration on top and cover each tomato with its cap. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, infused, sandwiches, cilantro leaves, olive oil, kosher salt, grilled chicken, loaf French bread
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cilantro-Infused Chicken Sandwiches | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup fresh cilantro leaves; 5 tablespoons olive oil; 1/4 teaspoon kosher salt; 1 grilled chicken, reserved from Day 1; 1 large loaf French bread; Grilled vegetables, reserved from Day 1; 2 large tomatoes, sliced; 1 (10-ounce) bag potato chips; Spinach and Citrus Salad, recipe follows; 1 (10-ounce) bag small spinach leaves, triple-washed; 1 orange, sectioned; Balsamic vinaigrette, store bought | INSTRUCTIONS: In a blender or food processor, combine the cilantro, olive oil, and salt and process until smooth. Cut the chicken meat off the bones and reserve bones for Day 3. Split the bread lengthwise and drizzle each half with the cilantro oil. Layer the grilled vegetables, sliced tomatoes, and chicken meat on the bottom half of the bread. Top with the second length and cut the sandwich into 4 pieces. Serve with potato chips and the Spinach and Citrus Salad. Combine spinach with orange sections. Toss with bottled balsamic vinaigrette dressing. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, macadamias, trucha, olive vegetable oil, pan dressed, Salt, garlic, chicken broth
OUTPUT: TITLE: Trout with Macadamias, Serrano and Green Beans (Trucha con Macadamias, Chile Serrano y Ejotes) | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons olive or vegetable oil; 4 pan-dressed (head and tail off) boneless trout; they will generally weigh about 6 ounces each; Salt; 3 garlic cloves, peeled and finely chopped or crushed through a garlic press; 2/3 cup chicken broth; 12 ounces green beans, tops and tails broken off (about 4 cups); Fresh hot green chiles (I like 2 serranos or 1 jalapeno), stemmed; 1/2 cup coarsely chopped roasted macadamia nuts (about 2 ounces); 2/3 cup (loosely packed) chopped fresh cilantro leaves; 3 tablespoons fresh lime juice; Roasted Poblano Mashed Potatoes, recipe follows; 2 pounds small red potatoes; 1 1/2 tablespoons salt; Water; 1 1/2 cups whole milk | INSTRUCTIONS: Turn the oven on to its lowest setting. Measure the oil into a very large (12-inch) skillet and set over medium-high heat. If the skin of the 2 halves of the trout is still connected, cut them apart, making 2 fillets. Sprinkle the fish generously with salt and lay skin side up in the hot oil. Cook until golden underneath, 2 to 3 minutes. (If they don't fit comfortably in the pan, cook them in 2 batches.) Use a spatula to turn the fish and cook for a minute longer, until the flesh separates from the skin (use a corner of your spatula check at 1 edge). With the spatula, transfer a pair of fillet <END>
INPUT: dark, whipped, all purpose flour, powdered sugar, baking powder, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Dark Chocolate and Peppermint Whipped Cream Tart | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/4 cups all purpose flour; 1/3 cup powdered sugar; 1/4 teaspoon baking powder; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 10 tablespoons (1 1/4 sticks) chilled unsalted butter, diced; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; 4 1/2 teaspoons cold whole milk; 1 1/4 cups whipping cream; 1/4 cup light corn syrup; 12 ounces bittersweet (not unsweetened) or semisweet chocolate, chopped; 1 ounce unsweetened chocolate, chopped; 1/2 cup plus 1 tablespoon coarsely crushed red–and–white–striped hard peppermint candies; 3 1/2 cups chilled whipping cream; 3/4 cup powdered sugar; 1 3/4 teaspoons peppermint extract | INSTRUCTIONS: For crust: Blend first 4 ingredients in processor. Add butter and vanilla; cut in using on/off turns until butter forms pea–size pieces. Add milk and blend in using on/off turns until mixture forms small moist clumps. Gather dough into ball; flatten into disk. Wrap dough in plastic; chill 1 hour. Roll dough out between sheets of floured parchment to 12–inch round. Press dough onto bottom and up sides of 10–inch–diameter tart pan with removable bottom. Fold dough edges over and press to form thick sides. Using thumb, press dough around sides to extend crust 1/8 inch above edge of pan. Freeze 20 <END>
INPUT: scallion, unsalted butter, bacon, all purpose flour, milk
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cheddar, Bacon, and Scallion Soufflé | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup finely chopped scallion; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 6 slices of lean bacon, cooked, drained, reserving 2 tablespoons of the fat, and crumbled; 1/3 cup all-purpose flour; 1 1/3 cups milk; cayenne to taste; 1 1/2 cups coarsely grated Cheddar (about 6 ounces); 4 large eggs, separated | INSTRUCTIONS: In a small heavy saucepan cook the scallion in the butter and the reserved bacon fat over moderately low heat, stirring, until the scallion is softened, stir in the flour, and cook the roux stirring, for 3 minutes. Add the milk in a stream, whisking, and boil the mixture, whisking, for 2 minutes. Remove the pan from the heat and whisk in the cayenne, the Cheddar, and salt and pepper to taste, whisking until the cheese is melted. Add the egg yolks, 1 at a time, whisking well after each addition, and whisk in the bacon. In a bowl with an electric mixer beat the egg whites with a pinch of salt un <END>
INPUT: creole, lemons, bay leaves, salt, Old bay seasoning, onions
OUTPUT: TITLE: Creole Crawfish Boil | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 lemons, halved, plus more for serving; 3 bay leaves; 2 teaspoons salt; 1/4 cup Old bay seasoning or Zatarains shrimp boil; 4 medium onions, quartered; 1 head garlic, halved; 3 pounds red new potatoes, medium to large; 4 ears sweet corn, halved; 2 pounds smoked sausage, such as andouille or kielbasa; 2 to 3 pounds live crawfish; Hot pepper sauce, for serving | INSTRUCTIONS: Fill a huge stock pot, preferably fitted with a basket insert, with about 4 quarts of water. Keep in mind that when you add the solid ingredients the water level will rise, so don't fill the pot up more than 1/2 way. Squeeze the lemon juice into the water, tossing in the halves too. Add the bay leaves, salt, seasoning, onions, and garlic; bring the broth to a boil over medium-high heat and simmer for 10 minutes. You want a very aromatic broth with plenty of salt and spices; taste it, don't be afraid to make it strong so some of that flavor can penetrate and get absorbed by the potatoes and stu <END>
INPUT: stew, all purpose flour, salt, chicken, olive oil, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Provençal Chicken Stew | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 cup plus 2 tablespoons all-purpose flour; 1 teaspoon salt; 1 chicken, cut into serving pieces and skinned; 1/4 cup olive oil; 1 yellow onion, finely chopped; 1 clove garlic, minced; 1/2 cup dry white wine; 1 (14 1/2-ounce) can crushed tomatoes; Freshly ground black pepper; 1/4 cup chopped fresh parsley, for garnish; 1/4 cup fresh basil leaves, cut into chiffonade, for garnish; 1 cup black Nyons or kalamata olives, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine the 3/4 cup flour and the salt in a resealable plastic bag. Add the chicken to the bag, several pieces at a time, and shake to coat completely. Heat a large sauté pan over medium-high heat and add the oil. Add the chicken and cook, turning once, for 8 to 10 minutes, until browned on both sides. Using tongs, transfer to paper towels to drain, then arrange in the slow cooker. Set the sauté pan over medium-high heat and add the onion and the 2 tablespoons flour. Sauté, stirring frequently, for 10 minutes, or until lightly browned. Add the garlic and stir for 2 to 3 minutes. Add the wine a <END>
INPUT: mayonnaise, shallots, tarragon vinegar, tarragon, capers
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fried Oyster Spoons | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup mayonnaise; 3 shallots, chopped; 1 tablespoon tarragon vinegar; 2 tablespoons fresh tarragon, chopped; 2 tablespoons capers; 4 cups peanut oil, for frying; 1 pint (approximately 50) shucked Bluffton or other fresh oysters; 1 1/2 cups all-purpose coating (recommended: Golden Dip All Purpose Breading Mix) | INSTRUCTIONS: Mix all the ingredients for the tartar sauce in a bowl; set aside. Heat 4 cups of oil in a 12-inch skillet over medium-high heat or preheat deep fryer at 350 degrees F. Cook's Note: Throw in a drop of water: when it sizzles, the oil is ready. Pick through the oysters to remove any shells. Pour the coating mixture into a shallow bowl. Dredge the oyster in the coating. Fry oysters until they are golden brown; about 3 to 5 minutes. Drain on paper towels. On each spoon, place a dollop of tartar sauce and top with an oyster. Serve. <END>
INPUT: heavy whipping cream, chocolate milk, chocolate syrup, evaporated milk, condensed milk
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate Ice Cream | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups heavy whipping cream; 2 cups chocolate milk (recommended: Promised Land); 1 1/2 cups chocolate syrup; 2 cans evaporated milk; 1 can sweetened condensed milk; 1 cup bittersweet chocolate shavings, chopped fine (optional) | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine whipping cream, chocolate milk, syrup, evaporated and sweetened condensed milk in a large bowl. Mix well. Chill for 4 to 6 hours. Pour into ice cream freezer. Follow your freezer directions. When ice cream begins to set, add shavings if desired. Serve immediately. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, onions, good olive oil, garlic, bell peppers
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken Chili | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 4 cups chopped yellow onions (3 onions); 1/8 cup good olive oil, plus extra for chicken; 1/8 cup minced garlic (2 cloves); 2 red bell peppers, cored, seeded, and large-diced; 2 yellow bell peppers, cored, seeded, and large-diced; 1 teaspoon chili powder; 1 teaspoon ground cumin; 1/4 teaspoon dried red pepper flakes, or to taste; 1/4 teaspoon cayenne pepper, or to taste; 2 teaspoons kosher salt, plus more for chicken; 2 (28-ounce) cans whole peeled plum tomatoes in puree, undrained; 1/4 cup minced fresh basil leaves; 4 split chicken breasts, bone in, skin on; Freshly ground black pepper; Chopped onions, corn chips, grated cheddar, sour cream | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Cook the onions in the oil over medium-low heat for 10 to 15 minutes, until translucent. Add the garlic and cook for 1 more minute. Add the bell peppers, chili powder, cumin, red pepper flakes, cayenne, and salt. Cook for 1 minute. Crush the tomatoes by hand or in batches in a food processor fitted with a steel blade (pulse 6 to 8 times). Add to the pot with the basil. Bring to a boil, then reduce the heat and simmer, uncovered, for 30 minutes, stirring occasionally. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Rub the chicken breasts with olive oil and place them on a bak <END>
INPUT: Mexican, salad, haricots verts, limes, rosemary leaves, tarragon leaves, cilantro leaves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pan Seared Salmon with Haricots Verts Salad | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound haricots verts (very thin string beans); 2 limes; 1/4 cup fresh rosemary leaves; 1/8 cup fresh tarragon leaves; 1/4 cup fresh cilantro leaves; 3 tablespoons stone-ground mustard; 1/8 cup rice wine vinegar; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh ginger; 1/2 cup grapeseed oil (or your choice of olive or canola oil), plus 1/4 cup; 1/8 cup bottled water; 2 tomatoes, seeds removed and finely diced; 1 medium red onion, finely diced; Six 6-ounce salmon fillets, skin on; Salt and pepper or adobo seasoning | INSTRUCTIONS: First blanch the haricots verts in salted boiling water until al dente (or cooked to your liking). Once this is done, drain the beans into a strainer or colander and then they should be shocked by dunking the strainer of beans into a waiting bowl of ice water to stop the cooking process, which will also help them retain a great color. Drain and set aside in refrigerator until needed. Place 1 of the limes in a small microwave-safe bowl and microwave it until the essential oils in the skin are released. These limes will be hot coming from the microwave, so you can let them cool before squeezing  <END>
INPUT: sage leaves, rosemary, garlic, fennel seeds, virgin olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roast Pig | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons roughly chopped fresh sage leaves; 2 tablespoons roughly chopped fresh rosemary; 2 heads garlic, halved horizontally, plus 5 garlic cloves; 1/2 tablespoon fennel seeds, lightly crushed; 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, plus more for brushing and drizzling; 1 tablespoon kosher salt, plus more for seasoning; 2 teaspoons freshly ground black pepper, plus more for seasoning; 1 (6 1/2-pound) boneless pork butt (pork shoulder); 2 baby potatoes, halved; 1 cup dry white wine; Oven Roasted Potatoes, for serving; 6 Yukon Gold potatoes, cut into 3/4-inch cubes; 4 carrots, halved lengthwise and cut into chunks; 5 garlic cloves; 1 handful fresh rosemary sprigs | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. In a food processor, combine the sage, rosemary, the 5 garlic cloves, fennel seeds, olive oil, and salt and pepper and blend until a paste forms. (You can also mash these ingredients together with a mortar and pestle.) Using a sharp knife, butterfly the pork butt, so it opens up like a book. (You can also have your butcher do this for you.) Rub the inside cut of the meat with the paste. Using kitchen twine, tie the butterflied pork back together to make a compact shape. Place the halved garlic heads and potatoes, cut-sides down, on the bottom of a roasting pa <END>
INPUT: brushed, bittersweet, camellia lemon leaves, artist's brush, container gold dust, Artist's brush gold
OUTPUT: TITLE: Gold-Brushed Chocolate Leaves | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 8 ounces bittersweet (not unsweetened) or semisweet chocolate, chopped; 15 fresh camellia or lemon leaves, wiped clean with moist paper towels, patted dry; Small artist's brush*; 1 2-gram container gold dust*; *Artist's brush and gold dust, sold as Old Gold or Super Gold Luster Dust, are available at cake and candy supply stores | INSTRUCTIONS: Line small baking sheet with foil. Stir chocolate in top of double boiler over barely simmering water until melted and smooth. Remove from over water. Using pastry brush, carefully coat heavily veined sides of camellia leaves with melted chocolate. Using fingertips, wipe away any chocolate overflow from edges. Place leaves on prepared baking sheet. Freeze leaves just until firm, about 10 minutes. Carefully peel camellia leaves from chocolate leaves. Return chocolate leaves to baking sheet; freeze at least 10 minutes. Dip artist's brush into gold dust; brush generously over some leaves. Cover a <END>
INPUT: French, baby potatoes new, butter, canola oil, wild salmon fillets, wine
OUTPUT: TITLE: Seared Wild Salmon with New Potatoes and Dijon Broth | CUISINE: French | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 pounds baby potatoes or new red potatoes, unpeeled; 2 tablespoons butter; 2 tablespoons canola oil; 4 6- to 8-ounce skinless wild salmon fillets; 2 cups dry white wine; 2 large shallots, thinly sliced; 2 tablespoons apple cider vinegar; 1 1/2 cups low-salt chicken broth; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh tarragon leaves plus sprigs for garnish; 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1 1/2 pounds baby spinach leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 400°F. Place potatoes in large saucepan and cover with cold water by 1 inch. Bring to boil; reduce heat to medium-high and boil until almost cooked through, about 12 minutes. Drain; cool. Cut potatoes in half. Melt butter with canola oil in heavy large skillet over high heat. Season salmon with salt and pepper. Place salmon in skillet, flat side up. Cook until brown, about 4 minutes. Turn salmon over and cook 2 minutes. Carefully arrange salmon, flat side down, in large baking dish. Scatter potatoes around salmon. Combine wine, shallots, and vinegar in heavy large saucepan. Boi <END>
INPUT: puree, winter squash Acorn, Vegetable oil, evaporated skim low, piece cinnamon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Winter Squash Puree | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 pounds winter squash such as Acorn, Hubbard or Butternut; Vegetable oil; 1 cup evaporated skim or low fat milk; 3 inch piece cinnamon stick; 4 whole cloves; 1 clove garlic; 2 tablespoons butter; Salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 375 degrees. cut squash in half, scoop out seeds, brush cut surfaces with oil and set them face down on a baking sheet. Bake until very tender, about 30 to 45 minutes, depending on how large the squash is. While this is baking, bring the milk, cinnamon stick, cloves and garlic to a simmer. Remove from heat and let the milk infuse while squash is baking. When squash is done, remove it from oven and scoop out the cooked flesh which you should transfer to a food processor or blender. Strain the infused milk to remove the spices and garlic and blend infused milk with the squash to  <END>
INPUT: tortillas, corn flour, kosher salt, lard, water, Canola oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Homemade Corn Tortillas | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups corn flour (masa harina); 1 1/2 teaspoons kosher salt, plus more for seasoning; 2 tablespoons lard; 1 1/2 cups water; Canola oil, for frying | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: Tortilla press In a mixing bowl, combine the flour and salt. Cut in the lard. Stir in the water. Mix to incorporate. The dough should be slightly wet. Form the dough into a smooth ball, cover with a towel and let sit at room temperature for 30 minutes. Divide the dough into 12 even pieces. Place a little water on the hands and form the dough into golf ball-size balls. Take 2 pieces of waxed paper or plastic wrap from a plastic bag and cut them to the shape of the surface of the tortilla press. Open the tortilla press and lay one piece of waxed paper on the press. Place the m <END>
INPUT: Asian, bean thread noodles, garlic, soy sauce, sugar, Asian sesame oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Bean Thread Noodles with Beef and Asian Pear | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 lb bean-thread noodles (also known as cellophane noodles); 4 garlic cloves, minced; 1/3 cup soy sauce; 2 tablespoons sugar; 1 tablespoon Asian sesame oil; 1 teaspoon dried hot red pepper flakes; 1/2 cup plus 1 teaspoon rice vinegar (not seasoned); 1 lb filet mignon, cut into 1/4-inch-thick julienne strips; 2 (14 1/2-oz) cans beef broth; 1/4 cup water; 1 Asian pear, cut into julienne strips; 2 scallions (green parts only), thinly sliced | INSTRUCTIONS: Soak noodles in a bowl of cold water until pliable, about 15 minutes, and drain. Cut into 2-inch lengths. While noodles are soaking, stir together garlic, soy sauce, sugar, sesame oil, red pepper flakes, and 1/2 cup vinegar. Add beef and marinate at room temperature, stirring occasionally, 15 minutes. Bring broth and water to a boil. Add beef and marinade and cook 2 minutes. Stir in noodles and cook until just tender, about 2 minutes. Toss pear and scallions with remaining teaspoon vinegar. Spoon noodles and broth into bowls and top with pear and scallions. Soak noodles in a bowl of cold water <END>
INPUT: brownies, chocolate brownie mix, peanut butter chips, butter, mini marshmallows
OUTPUT: TITLE: Marshmallow-Nut Brownies | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 package chocolate brownie mix, prepared to directions on box (1/2 cup oil, 1/4 cup water, 2 eggs); 1 cup peanut butter chips; Softened butter, for greasing your baking dish; 1 (2-ounce) package chopped nuts, available on baking aisle; 1/4 cup mini marshmallows | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat oven to 425 degrees F. To mixed brownie batter, stir in peanut butter chips. Grease an 8 by 13-inch baking dish with softened butter and line with foil. Spread the brownie batter into an even layer. Sprinkle the batter with chopped nuts and bake 20 to 22 minutes. Top with marshmallows in the last 3 minutes of baking. Remove from oven and cut into 12 brownies. <END>
INPUT: Asian, teriyaki sauce, sherry, sesame seeds, chicken drumettes, barbecue sauce
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sesame Chicken Drumettes | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1/3 cup teriyaki sauce; 1 1/2 tablespoons dry sherry; 1 1/2 tablespoons toasted sesame seeds; 1 1/4 pounds chicken drumettes (about 12); 1 1/2 tablespoons barbecue sauce; 1 1/2 tablespoons honey; 1/4 teaspoon sesame oil | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large resealable plastic bag, combine teriyaki sauce, sherry, and sesame seeds. Add chicken drumettes, turning to coat. Seal bag and refrigerate for at least 30 minutes, or up to 1 day. Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. Line a cookie sheet with foil. Using tongs, transfer drumettes to cookie sheet. Discard marinade. Bake until drumettes are golden brown, about 15 minutes. Mix barbecue sauce, honey, and sesame oil in a small bowl. Brush drumettes with half of sauce mixture and bake for 5 more minutes. Using clean tongs, turn drumettes over, brush other side with sauce mixture, and bake for 5  <END>
INPUT: American, delilah, elbow macaroni, eggs, cubed Velveeta cheese, half half
OUTPUT: TITLE: Delilah's 7 Cheese Mac and Cheese | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 pounds elbow macaroni; 12 eggs; 1 cup cubed Velveeta cheese; 1/2 pound (2 sticks) butter, melted; 6 cups half-and-half, divided; 4 cups grated sharp yellow Cheddar, divided; 2 cups grated extra-sharp white Cheddar; 1 1/2 cups grated mozzarella; 1 cup grated Asiago; 1 cup grated Gruyere; 1 cup grated Monterey Jack; 1 cup grated Muenster; 1/8 teaspoon salt; 1 tablespoon black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Bring a large saucepan of salted water to a boil. Add the macaroni and cook until slightly al dente, about 10 minutes. Drain and set aside to keep warm. Whisk the eggs in a large bowl until frothy. Add the Velveeta, butter and 2 cups of the half-and-half to the large bowl of eggs. Add the warm macaroni tossing until the cheese has melted and the mixture is smooth. Add the remaining half-and-half, 3 cups of the sharp yellow Cheddar, the remaining grated cheeses, and salt and pepper, tossing until completely combined in the large  <END>
INPUT: American, custard, sugar, self rising flour, nutmeg, butter margarine, eggs
OUTPUT: TITLE: Coconut Custard Pie | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 cup sugar; 2 teaspoons self-rising flour; 1/2 teaspoon nutmeg; 1/4 stick butter or margarine, melted; 3 eggs, beaten; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; 1 cup milk; 1 cup fresh or frozen grated coconut; 1 unbaked 9-inch pie shell | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 375 degrees. In a bowl, blend together the sugar, flour and nutmeg. Add the butter, eggs, vanilla and milk. Mix well. Stir in the coconut. Pour into the pie shell and bake for 30 minutes or until firm. <END>
INPUT: Indian, wurst, soup, olive oil, reindeer sausage, onion, garlic, thyme
OUTPUT: TITLE: Reindeer Wurst in Lentil Soup | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon olive oil; 1 pound reindeer sausage (kielbasa can be substituted); 1 large onion, diced; 3 cloves garlic, lightly crushed with the side of a knife blade, then minced; 3 large sprigs fresh thyme, leaves stripped from the stems; 8 cups water; 1 tablespoon balsamic vinegar; 3 large carrots, peeled and diced; 2 cups lentils, picked over to remove any stones or impurities and rinsed; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1/8 cup extra-virgin olive oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat the olive oil over medium heat in a large saucepan and brown sausage for 5 or 10 minutes to allow the meat to firm up. Remove to a utility platter until cool enough to handle. To the same pan add onion, garlic and thyme leaves and saute until the onion becomes translucent. Stir in 8 cups water and 1 tablespoon balsamic vinegar. Add carrots and lentils, bring to a boil, reduce heat and simmer for about 30 minutes until the lentils begin to soften. While the lentils are cooking, slice the sausage into 1/4-inch slices. Add them to the pot of lentils and simmer until the meat is cooked throug <END>
INPUT: purple, Creole seasoning, thyme, bay leaves, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Creole Crawfish and Shrimp Boil | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound purple, red and white fingerling potatoes; 1/2 cup Creole seasoning, plus more for serving, optional; 10 thyme sprigs, separated; 4 fresh bay leaves; 2 heads garlic, tough outer skins removed and halved lengthwise; 2 lemons, halved; 1 bag crawfish, shrimp or crab boil seasonings, such as Zatarain¿s; 1 yellow onion, peeled and quartered; 1 pound andouille sausage, cut into 1-inch slices on the bias; 2 ears yellow or white corn, cut into thirds; 2 pounds live crawfish, rinsed; 1 pound (26-30 count) Gulf white shrimp, peel on and deveined; Kosher salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine the potatoes, Creole seasoning, thyme, bay leaves, garlic, lemons, boil seasonings bag and onion with 6 quarts cold water in a 14-quart or larger pot with a colander insert. Cover and bring to a boil; reduce to a simmer and cook 10 minutes. Add the andouille and corn to the pot. Cover and simmer an additional 15 minutes. Add the crawfish, cover again and cook 10 minutes. Add the shrimp and stir to combine. Cover and cook for 4 to 5 minutes more. Carefully strain the seafood, sausage and vegetables and serve on a large table covered with newspaper. Season with salt or additional Creole  <END>
INPUT: American, buns, Unsalted butter, country bread, American cheese
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Cheese Buns | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: Unsalted butter, at room temperature, for buttering bread; 4 slices country white bread; 4 slices American cheese | INSTRUCTIONS: Spread just enough butter to cover both sides of each slice of bread. In a large nonstick pan set over medium heat, add the bread slices and cook until they're an even golden brown on the first side, about 2 minutes. Flip 2 of the slices over and top each with 2 slices of the cheese. Place the other 2 slices of bread on top, toasted-side down, forming 2 sandwiches. Continue to cook the sandwiches until the bottoms are golden brown, about 2 minutes. Flip and cook the remaining side for an additional 2 minutes. <END>
INPUT: Italian, frittata, concasse, olive oil, shallots, garlic, plum tomatoes, Salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Asparagus and Fresh Pea Frittata with Tomato-Basil Concasse | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons olive oil; 2 shallots, finely diced; 1 clove garlic, finely chopped; 8 plum tomatoes, seeded, peeled and coarsely chopped; Salt and freshly ground pepper; 4 basil leaves, cut into chiffonade; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 8 large eggs; 2 tablespoons water; 3 tablespoons grated Romano cheese; 8 spears asparagus, trimmed blanched and cut into 1/2-inch pieces; 1/2 cup fresh peas, or defrosted frozen peas; 3 tablespoons finely chopped fresh parsley; 6 basil leaves, cut into chiffonade; Salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Mix all the tomato-basil concasse ingredients together and set aside. Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. Heat olive oil in a large saute pan over high heat. Whisk together the eggs, water, cheese, asparagus, peas, parsley and basil until combined and season with salt and pepper to taste. Pour the egg mixture into the pan and cook until the bottom is golden brown and set. Place in the oven and cook until the frittata is cooked through. Serve at room temperature with the Tomato Concasse. <END>
INPUT: bisque, wood chips choice, paprika, onion powder, cayenne, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Smoked Chicken and Shrimp Bisque | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 pounds wood chips of choice, soaked (recommended hickory, pecan or applewood); 1 tablespoon paprika; 1 tablespoon onion powder; 1 teaspoon cayenne; 1 tablespoon brown sugar; 1 tablespoon kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper blend; 1 tablespoon grapeseed oil; 4 (10 to 12-ounce) bone-in chicken breasts; 3 tablespoons butter; 2 celery ribs, chopped; 1/4 cup chopped onions; 1/3 cup all-purpose flour; 3 cups shrimp stock; 1/2 cup milk; 1 1/2 cups heavy cream | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: 2 pounds wood chips of choice, soaked (recommended hickory, pecan or applewood) Preheat the grill on high. Chicken: Poke 6 to 10 holes with a screwdriver through the top of 1 aluminum pan, and put the water soaked chips in bottom of second aluminum pan and top with a wire roasting rack. Put the pan with soaked chips on the preheated grill until a solid burn occurs, about 15 to 20 minutes. Reduce the heat to medium-high. In a large bowl blend all the seasonings with the grapeseed oil. Toss the chicken with the blended seasoning, arrange on the rack in the smoker and cover wit <END>
INPUT: salad, pineapple, onion, Glaze, baby spinach, Vinaigrette
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Pineapple and Onion Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 large pineapple, peeled; 1 red onion, cut in 1/2-inch thick slices; Glaze, recipe follows; 1 bag baby spinach; Vinaigrette, recipe follows; 1 (8-ounce) jar pineapple ice cream topping; 1 teaspoon Chinese five-spice; 1/4 teaspoon cayenne pepper; 1 teaspoon salt; 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard; 1/2 cup orange juice; 1/2 cup olive oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat grill to medium heat. Evenly cut the pineapple into 1/2-inch thick slices. Using a small 1-inch biscuit cutter, pierce a hole into middle of pineapple slices. Brush the pineapple and onion slices with glaze, place on the grill and brush again with glaze. Grill for 2 minutes and flip, grilling other side. Place a bed of spinach leaves on a serving platter and top with the pineapple and onion slices. Drizzle with Vinaigrette and serve. Place all ingredients into a medium bowl and whisk together. Pour ingredients into a small bowl and whisk together. <END>
INPUT: freestone peaches, Eight cinnamon, mint leaves, unsalted butter, firmly sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cinnamon-Grilled Peaches | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 large ripe freestone peaches; Eight 3-inch cinnamon sticks; 8 fresh mint leaves; 4 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1/4 cup firmly packed brown sugar; 1/4 cup dark rum; 1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon; Pinch salt; Peach or vanilla ice cream, for serving | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Rinse the peaches and blot them dry with paper towels. Cut each peach in half and discard the pit. Then, cut each peach into quarters. Using a pointed chopstick or metal skewer, make a starter hole in the center of each peach quarter, working from the pit side to the skin side. Skewer 2 peach quarters on each cinnamon stick, placing a mint leaf between the 2 quarters. Combine the butter, brown sugar, rum, cinnamon, and salt in a saucepan and bring to a boil over high heat. Let the glaze boil until thick and syrupy, about 5 minutes. Prepare and preheat the grill t <END>
INPUT: vinaigrette, pecans, bacon, olive oil, apple cider vinegar, grade pure maple
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sweet Greens with Maple Vinaigrette | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup whole pecans; 5 slices bacon; 1/3 cup olive oil; 2 tablespoons apple cider vinegar; 1 tablespoon grade A pure maple syrup; 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 6 cups sweet baby greens, such as chard, kale, spinach and romaine; 4 ounces goat cheese, crumbled | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Spread the pecans on a small baking sheet and bake until brown and toasty-smelling, about 10 minutes. Meanwhile, put the bacon in a medium skillet over medium heat and cook, turning once, until crisp, 4 to 5 minutes per side. Transfer to a paper-towel-lined plate. Put 1 teaspoon of the bacon drippings in a medium bowl. When the bacon is cool, crumble and set aside. Whisk together the bacon drippings, olive oil, vinegar, maple syrup, mustard and salt and pepper. Toss the greens with the goat cheese, pecans and bacon in a large se <END>
INPUT: mores, cups, graham cracker crumbs, butter, scoops vanilla chocolate, bittersweet chocolate bar, marshmallows
OUTPUT: TITLE: Ice Cream S'mores Cups | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup graham cracker crumbs, available on baking aisle; 2 tablespoons melted butter; 4 scoops vanilla or chocolate ice cream; 1 bittersweet chocolate bar; 4 large marshmallows | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine graham cracker crumbs and butter. Press 1/4 of the crumbs into the bottom of 4 dessert cups, lining the sides and bottom of each cup. Fill cups with vanilla or chocolate ice cream. Shave curls of bittersweet chocolate over cups using a vegetable peeler. Thread marshmallows on to a metal skewer. Hold the skewer over a burner at high heat and toast the marshmallows. Top each cup with a toasted marshmallow and serve. <END>
INPUT: bites, active yeast, light sugar, water, milk, all purpose flour
OUTPUT: TITLE: Country Ham and Cheddar Pretzel Bites with Jalapeño Mustard | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 teaspoons active dry yeast; 2 tablespoons plus 1 teaspoon packed light brown sugar, divided; 1/4 cup warm water (110-115°F); 1 cup warm milk (110-115°F); 2 1/2 to 3 cups all-purpose flour; 1/2 cup finely chopped country ham (3 oz; preferably Newsom's or Benton's), divided; 1/3 cup finely chopped sharp Cheddar, divided; 6 cups water; 4 teaspoons baking soda; 1/2 cup Dijon mustard; 2 tablespoons finely chopped seeded fresh jalapeños; 1 tablespoon mild honey; 1/2 stick unsalted butter, melted; 1 to 2 tablespoons pretzel salt or coarse salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Stir together yeast, 1 teaspoon brown sugar, and warm water in a large bowl and let stand until foamy, 5 to 8 minutes. (If mixture doesn't foam, start over with new yeast.) In a separate bowl, stir remaining 2 tablespoons brown sugar into warm milk until dissolved. Add 2 1/2 cups flour and milk mixture to yeast mixture and stir with a wooden spoon or rubber spatula until a soft dough forms, adding up to 1/2 cup additional flour, a little at a time, if necessary. Turn out dough onto a lightly floured surface and gently knead a few times to form a smooth ball. Transfer to a clean bowl. Cover wit <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, tacos, cabbage, beans, cumin, olive oil, lime juice, coleslaw mix
OUTPUT: TITLE: Crispy Black Bean Tacos with Feta and Cabbage Slaw | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 1 15-ounce can black beans, drained; 1/2 teaspoon ground cumin; 5 teaspoons olive oil, divided; 1 tablespoon fresh lime juice; 2 cups coleslaw mix; 2 green onions, chopped; 1/3 cup chopped fresh cilantro; 4 white or yellow corn tortillas; 1/3 cup crumbled feta cheese; Bottled chipotle hot sauce or other hot sauce | INSTRUCTIONS: Place beans and cumin in small bowl; partially mash. Mix 2 teaspoons olive oil and lime juice in medium bowl; add coleslaw, green onions, and cilantro and toss to coat. Season slaw to taste with salt and pepper. Heat 3 teaspoons olive oil in large nonstick skillet over medium-high heat. Add tortillas in single layer. Spoon 1/4 of bean mixture onto half of each tortilla; cook 1 minute. Fold tacos in half. Cook until golden brown, about 1 minute per side. Fill tacos with feta and slaw. Pass hot sauce alongside. Place beans and cumin in small bowl; partially mash. Mix 2 teaspoons olive oil and li <END>
INPUT: American, buffalo, calzone, reserved chicken breast, mozzarella cheese, reserved tomato sauce, liquid smoke
OUTPUT: TITLE: Buffalo Chicken Calzone with Blue Cheese Dip | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: Cooking spray; 2 reserved chicken breast halves, diced, about 2 cups; 1 cup mozzarella cheese, shredded; 2/3 cup reserved tomato sauce; 1 teaspoon liquid smoke; 1 teaspoon hot sauce; 1 pound fresh or frozen pizza or bread dough, thawed according to package directions; 1 tablespoon olive oil; 2 tablespoons grated Parmesan; 1 cup sour cream; 1/3 cup blue cheese, crumbled; 2 tablespoons fresh chives, chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat oven to 450 degrees F. Coat a large baking sheet with cooking spray. In a large bowl, combine chicken, cheese, tomato sauce, liquid smoke, and hot sauce. Mix well and set aside. Roll dough out, using a rolling pin, to a 12-inch circle. Spread chicken mixture over half of circle, to within 1-inch of the edge. Fold over untopped side so that it meets the other side, forming a half moon. Pinch the edges together to seal. Transfer calzone to prepared baking sheet and brush the top with olive oil. Sprinkle the top with Parmesan. Using a sharp knife, make a few <END>
INPUT: halibut fillet, garlic, wine, flat leaf parsley, lemon juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Garlic Halibut with Tomato-Caper Bruschetta | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 pounds halibut fillet, cut in 6-ounce pieces; 2 tablespoons garlic, chopped; 3 tablespoons white wine, Sauvignon Blanc, divided; 1 tablespoons freshly chopped flat-leaf parsley; 1 tablespoon lemon juice; 1 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 3/4 cup chicken stock; 2 tablespoons butter; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; Freshly chopped green onions, for garnish; Tomato-Caper Bruschetta, for serving, recipe follows; 1 baguette, sliced on bias, 4 pieces, no ends; 2 garlic cloves, to rub on bread, plus 1 tablespoon garlic, diced; 3 tablespoons olive oil; 3 tablespoons diced white onion | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine all ingredients, (except butter, 2 tablespoons white wine and 1/2 cup chicken stock) and let fish marinate for 1 hour. Remove from marinade, remove excess garlic, and pan saute until medium. Then deglaze with 2 tablespoons wine, 1/2 cup chicken stock and melt butter into the sauce. Let sauce reduce and season with salt and pepper. Serve fish with sauce poured over the top. Garnish with green onions and serve the Tomato-Caper Bruschetta alongside. Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Add bread and toast until light brown. Remove, rub with whole cloves, and drizzle with 2 teaspoons of the oliv <END>
INPUT: wedge, salad, bacon, mayonnaise, buttermilk, sour cream, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cheddar-Bacon Wedge Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 slices thick-cut bacon; 1 cup mayonnaise; 1/2 cup buttermilk; 1/2 cup sour cream; 1 clove garlic, minced; 1/2 teaspoon distilled white vinegar; 1/2 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce; Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper; 1/8 teaspoon cayenne pepper; 1 head iceberg lettuce; 1/2 cup grated sharp cheddar or cheddar-jack cheese | INSTRUCTIONS: Fry the bacon in a skillet over medium heat until slightly crisp, 12 to 15 minutes. Drain on paper towels; set aside to cool. Combine the mayonnaise, buttermilk, sour cream and garlic in a large bowl. Add the vinegar, Worcestershire sauce, 1/4 teaspoon salt, 1/2 teaspoon pepper and the cayenne and whisk until the mixture is smooth. Chop the bacon into pieces. Cut the iceberg head in half, then cut each half into 2 wedges. Spoon dressing over each wedge so it drips down the sides, then sprinkle with the cheese and bacon. Photograph by David Malosh <END>
INPUT: Mexican, chilaquiles, vegetable oil, onion, leftover turkey
OUTPUT: TITLE: Turkey Chilaquiles | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons vegetable oil; 1 1/2 cups red onion, chopped; 1 (4-ounce) can diced green chiles (recommended: Ortega); 1 (10-ounce) can diced tomatoes and green chiles (recommended: Ro'tel); 3 cups leftover cooked turkey, shredded; 1 (16-ounce) jar chunky salsa (recommended: Pace); Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 5 cups tortilla chips, crushed; 1 1/2 cups shredded Mexican 4-cheese blend; 1/4 cup cilantro leaves, chopped; 1/4 cup sour cream | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. Heat vegetable oil in a large oven-safe skillet, over medium-high heat. Add onions and saute until soft. Add green chiles, diced tomatoes, leftover turkey and salsa. Adjust seasoning with salt and pepper, to taste. Top with tortilla chips and then cheese. Place skillet in oven and bake for about 20 minutes. Remove from oven. Garnish with cilantro and serve immediately with side of sour cream. <END>
INPUT: American, all purpose flour, granulated sugar, fine salt, eggs
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pumpkin Cut-Out Pie | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 1/2 cups all-purpose flour, plus more for dusting (see Cook's Note); 1 tablespoon granulated sugar; 1/4 teaspoon fine salt; 1 cup (2 sticks) cold unsalted butter, diced; 3 large eggs; One 15-ounce can pure pumpkin puree (about 2 cups); 3 large eggs, lightly beaten; 3/4 cup packed light brown sugar; 1 1/4 cups half-and-half; 1 1/2 teaspoons ground cinnamon; 1/2 teaspoon ground allspice; 1/2 teaspoon ground ginger; 1/2 teaspoon fine salt; 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground nutmeg | INSTRUCTIONS: For the dough: Whisk together the flour, granulated sugar and salt in a medium bowl. Using your fingers, work the butter into the dry ingredients until it resembles yellow cornmeal mixed with bean-sized bits of butter. (If the flour/butter mixture gets warm, refrigerate it for 10 minutes before proceeding.) Lightly beat 2 eggs in a small bowl. Stir them into the dough with a fork or by hand. If the dough is dry, sprinkle up to a tablespoon cold water over the mixture. Alternatively, make the dough in a food processor. In a machine fitted with the metal blade, pulse the flour, sugar and salt un <END>
INPUT: mashed, baking potatoes, leeks, unsalted butter, chicken broth, Salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mashed Potatoes with Leeks and Sour Cream | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 12 baking potatoes; 4 large leeks; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter plus 1/2 cup; 2 cups chicken broth; Salt and white pepper; 1 cup sour cream; 1/2 cup whole milk | INSTRUCTIONS: Peel potatoes and quarter them. Put in a pot of cold water with some salt and bring to a boil. Turn down to a simmer and cook until tender, 15 to 20 minutes. Clean and chop leeks. Melt the 2 tablespoons butter in a large saute pan. Add leeks and sweat until they are soft and translucent. Add chicken broth and a little salt and white pepper and simmer for 3 to 4 minutes. Puree all in blender and put aside. Mash the potatoes with a masher. Add leeks, sour cream, 1/2 cup butter, and milk. Whip with an electric hand mixer. Do not over beat. Season, to taste, with salt and white pepper. Can be rehe <END>
INPUT: American, mashed, Yukon Gold potatoes, Kosher salt, garlic, milk cottage cheese, sour cream
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sour Cream Mashed Potatoes With Paprika | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 5 pounds Yukon Gold potatoes, peeled, cut into 2" pieces; Kosher salt; 1 garlic clove, finely grated; 2 cups whole-milk cottage cheese; 2 cups sour cream, divided; 1 bunch scallions, thinly sliced, divided; Freshly ground black pepper; Hot smoked Spanish paprika (for serving) | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook potatoes in a large pot of boiling salted water until tender, 20–25 minutes. Drain and return potatoes to still-hot pot. Add garlic, cottage cheese, 1 1/2 cups sour cream, and all but 1/4 cup scallions. Season generously with salt and pepper and mash with a potato masher until ingredients are incorporated but mixture is still coarse. Dollop remaining sour cream over potatoes; top with remaining scallions and several generous pinches of paprika. Cook potatoes in a large pot of boiling salted water until tender, 20–25 minutes. Drain and return potatoes to still-hot pot. Add garlic, cottage  <END>
INPUT: American, onion, garlic, tomato paste, wine
OUTPUT: TITLE: Angel Hair with Sun-dried Tomatoes and Goat Cheese | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 (10-ounce) jar sun-dried tomatoes packed in oil, chopped (oil reserved); 1 small onion, chopped; 4 garlic cloves, minced; 1/4 cup tomato paste; 2/3 cup dry white wine; 8 ounces angel hair pasta; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 ounces soft fresh goat cheese, coarsely crumbled; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh Italian parsley leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat 2 tablespoons of the oil from the sun-dried tomatoes in a heavy large skillet over medium heat. Add the onion and saute until tender, about 3 minutes. Stir in the garlic and saute until fragrant, about 1 minute. Add the tomato paste and cook for 2 minutes, stirring constantly. Add the wine and sun-dried tomatoes and simmer until the liquid reduces by half, about 2 minutes. Meanwhile, bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add the pasta and cook until al dente, stirring occasionally, about 5 minutes. Drain, reserving 1/2 cup of cooking liquid. Add the pasta to the tomato mixture and  <END>
INPUT: American, crepes, pears, eggs, milk, water, all purpose flour, butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Crepes with Rosemary Seared Pears and Spreadable Swiss Cheese | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 large eggs; 3/4 cup milk; 1/2 cup water; 1 cup all-purpose flour; 3 tablespoons melted butter, plus more for coating pan; 2 tablespoons butter; 1 sprig rosemary, plus 1 teaspoon chopped fresh leaves; 1 Bartlett pear, peeled and thinly sliced, lengthwise; 1 tablespoon brown sugar; 2 tablespoons spreadable Swiss cheese | INSTRUCTIONS: Crepes: In a blender, add all of the ingredients and blend for 20 seconds. Refrigerate the crepe mixture for about 1 hour, but you can store the batter, refrigerated, for about 2 days. Coat a small nonstick pan with butter. Pour a small amount (but enough to thinly cover pan) of batter into the center of the pan and swirl to spread it evenly. Cook for 30 seconds and flip. Cook for another 10 seconds and remove to the cutting board. Lay them out flat so they can cool. Repeat with remaining batter. Filling: Put a medium pan on the stove over medium-high heat. Melt butter with the sprig of rosema <END>
INPUT: sheet, cake, sugar, milk, semisweet chocolate chips, eggs
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate-Pecan Sheet Cake | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cups sugar, divided; 6 tablespoons plus 1/2 cup (1 3/4 sticks) unsalted butter, room temperature; 1/3 cup whole milk; 1 1/2 cups semisweet chocolate chips (about 9 ounces); 4 large eggs; 1 1/2 cups chocolate-flavored syrup; 2 teaspoons vanilla extract; 1 cup all purpose flour; 1/4 cup unsweetened cocoa powder; 1/2 teaspoon baking powder; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 1 cup pecan pieces, toasted | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350°F. Butter and flour 13x9x2-inch metal baking pan. Bring 1/2 cup sugar, 6 tablespoons butter, and milk to boil in saucepan, whisking until sugar dissolves. Remove from heat. Add chips; whisk until frosting is smooth. Beat remaining 1 cup sugar and 1/2 cup butter in large bowl to blend. Beat in eggs 1 at a time, then chocolate syrup and vanilla. Sift flour, cocoa, baking powder, and salt over; beat to blend. Mix in pecans. Spread batter in prepared pan. Bake until tester inserted into center comes out with moist crumbs attached, about 45 minutes. Cool cake in pan. Spread fros <END>
INPUT: tart, chocolate graham crackers, slivered almonds, heavy cream, honey
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate Honey Almond Tart | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 stick (2 ounces) unsalted butter, cut into 1/2-inch pieces, at room temperature, plus extra for coating the pan; 9 chocolate graham crackers, 5 1/2-ounces total; 2 tablespoons slivered almonds; 3/4 cup heavy cream; 1/4 cup honey; 12 ounces semisweet chocolate chips | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Butter the bottom and sides of a 9-inch springform pan. Place the graham crackers and almonds in the bowl of a food processor. Process until the mixture forms fine crumbs, about 15 to 20 seconds. Add the butter and pulse until incorporated. Press the crumb mixture into the bottom of the prepared pan. Bake for 12 minutes. Cool to room temperature, about 20 minutes. In a small saucepan, whisk the cream and honey together over low heat until the honey has dissolved. Increase the heat to medium and bring the mixture to just below a  <END>
INPUT: napa, valley, SPAM, Six Pepper Spice, Fruit Relish, pine nuts, grape leaves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Napa Valley Stuffed Grape Leaves with Six Pepper SPAM(r), Fruit Relish and Pine Nuts | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: One 12-ounce can SPAM(r); 1 teaspoon Six Pepper Spice, or mixed color peppercorns, plus more to taste; Fruit Relish, recipe follows; 1/4 cup pine nuts; 1 jar grape leaves; 1/4 cup plain yogurt; 1/4 cup strawberries, cleaned and hulled; 1/4 cup fresh figs, cleaned and stemmed; 1 to 2 tablespoons honey, plus more to taste; Yogurt dipping sauce, if desired; 1/4 cup dried mango, diced into 1/4-inch cubes; 1/4 cup dried papaya, diced into 1/4-inch cubes; 1/4 cup dried apple, diced into 1/4-inch cubes; 1/4 cup dried figs, diced into 1/4-inch cubes; 1/4 cup raisins | INSTRUCTIONS: Place the SPAM(r) in a meat grinder, and grind until it reaches the consistency of ground sausage. Heat a medium skillet over medium heat. Add the meat and the Six Pepper Spice to the skillet, and cook until desired degree of doneness. Add more pepper, as desired. Remove from heat. In a medium bowl, combine the meat with the cooled Fruit Relish. Add the pine nuts, and stir until just combined. Spread 1 grape leaf out on flat surface, vein side up. Place about 1/4 cup meat mixture on each leaf, and roll it up like a small burrito or a 3-inch cigar. Repeat with remaining grape leaves. Place the  <END>
INPUT: French, giant, long sub roll, sharp provolone, mortadella, iceberg, container French fried
OUTPUT: TITLE: Giant Mortadella Sub | CUISINE: French | INGREDIENTS: 1 long sub roll or baguette (about 2 feet long), halved; 1/3 pound sharp provolone, sliced medium; 1 pound mortadella, sliced very thin; 1 head iceberg, shredded thin; 1 container French fried onions; Cherry Pepper Aioli, recipe follows; 1 cup mayonnaise; 1/4 cup cherry pepper relish; 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard; 1 teaspoon granulated garlic; 1 teaspoon minced chives | INSTRUCTIONS: On the bottom half of the sub, arrange the cheese, then ribbons of thin mortadella, then the lettuce and then the fried onions. On the top half of the bun, spread a generous schmear of the Cherry Pepper Aioli. Combine the mayonnaise, cherry pepper relish, mustard, garlic and chives in a medium bowl and stir until well blended. <END>
INPUT: collards, saute, olive oil, Spanish onion, garlic, collard greens, golden raisins
OUTPUT: TITLE: Collards, Golden Raisin, and Almond Saute | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup olive oil; 1 Spanish onion, small diced; 3 cloves garlic, chopped; 2 bunches collard greens, washed, and cut in 1/2-inch strips; 1 cup golden raisins; 1/2 cup slivered almonds, toasted; Kosher salt; Freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat an 8-quart saucepan over high heat. When very hot, add the oil, onions, and garlic, sauteing quickly for 1 minute. When the onions just start to turn golden, add the collard greens, raisins, and almonds. Season with salt and pepper, and add a little water if necessary, for a little steam. Saute for about 5 to 6 minutes more, and adjust seasoning, to taste. <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, shrimp, salad, lemon juice, dill, unsalted butter, Salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Shrimp with Lemon-Dill Butter and Orzo Salad | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups lemon juice; 3 tablespoons finely chopped fresh dill; 2 sticks unsalted butter, slightly softened; Salt; Fresh dill; 1 teaspoon grated lemon zest; 1/4 cup fresh lemon juice; 1/2 cup olive oil; 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh dill; 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 pound orzo pasta, cooked al dente, drained; 6 ounces feta cheese, crumbled; 1 large yellow pepper, finely diced; 1 large red pepper, finely diced | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: 8 medium wooden skewers, soaked in water Place lemon juice in a small non-reactive saucepan and reduce to 3 tablespoons. Place the butter in a medium bowl, add the lemon syrup and dill, then season with salt and pepper to taste. Mix well and scrape into a ramekin. Refrigerate for 1 hour. Whisk together the zest, juice, oil, dill, and garlic, then season with salt and pepper, to taste. Mix the pasta, cheese, peppers, olives, and scallions together in a bowl. Pour the vinaigrette over and mix to combine. Add the oregano and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Preheat grill  <END>
INPUT: Asian, salad, dressing, sesame oil, block tofu, cabbage, cucumbers, onions
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tofu and Cabbage Salad with Peanut Dressing | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1 tbsp sesame oil; 1 lb block firm tofu, cut into 1/2-inch strips lengthwise; 1 medium head green or red cabbage, shredded or chopped (about 2 1/2 cups); 3 medium cucumbers, peeled, seeded and cut into bite-sized cubes; 2/3 cup chopped green onions; 1/2 cup plain nonfat yogurt; 1/4 cup creamy peanut butter; 1 tbsp fresh lime juice; 1/2 tsp soy sauce (light or regular) | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat oil in a medium skillet over medium heat. Pat tofu strips dry, then sauté until light brown (about 4 minutes per side). Combine vegetables in a large bowl. In a medium bowl, mix dressing ingredients with 2 tbsp water (puree in blender for a smoother texture). Pour 3/4 dressing over vegetables and toss. Top salad with tofu strips and drizzle on remainder of dressing. Heat oil in a medium skillet over medium heat. Pat tofu strips dry, then sauté until light brown (about 4 minutes per side). Combine vegetables in a large bowl. In a medium bowl, mix dressing ingredients with 2 tbsp water (pur <END>
INPUT: wellington, cremini mushroom, morel mushrooms, porcini mushrooms, truffle oil, thyme leaves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Quail Wellington | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 large cremini mushroom; 1/4-ounce dried morel mushrooms; 1/4-ounce dried porcini mushrooms; 1 teaspoon truffle oil; 1/2 teaspoon fresh thyme leaves; 1/2 teaspoon fresh rosemary leaves; Kosher salt and white pepper; 1 teaspoon truffle cheese; 1 boneless quail breast, split; 2 slices uncooked smoked bacon; 1 teaspoon truffle butter; 1 sheet puff pastry | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Wash and dry the cremini mushroom. Reconstitute the dry morels and porcinis in a little water. Mince the morels and porcinis, and then saute in truffle oil. Season the mushroom mixture with thyme, rosemary, salt and pepper, allowing the mixture to cool and thus forming a duxelle. Stuff the duxelle into the cremini mushroom cap, along with the truffle cheese. Wrap the quail breast around the crimini mushroom, and then season with a little pepper. Next, wrap the slices of bacon around the quail. Bake the bacon-wrapped quail for 30 minutes. Remove the quail from <END>
INPUT: Italian, soup, garlic, olive oil, onion, chicken broth, orégano
OUTPUT: TITLE: Escarole Soup | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 2 large garlic cloves, minced; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1 cup chopped onion; 12 cups chicken broth (preferably low-salt); 1/2 teaspoon dried orégano, crumbled; 1/2 cup tiny pasta shapes, such as egg flakes or pastina; 1 head (about 1 pound) of escarole, washed well and cut into 1/2-inch-wide strips; 3 hard-boiled eggs, sliced thin lengthwise; about 1 cup coarsely grated Parmesan | INSTRUCTIONS: In a kettle cook the garlic in the oil over low heat, stirring, until it is pale golden, add the onion, and cook the mixture, stirring, until onion is softened. Add the broth and the orégano, bring the mixture to a boil, and add the pasta. Simmer the soup for 5 minutes, add the escarole and salt and pepper to taste, and simmer the soup for 5 minutes more. Ladle the soup into soup plates, top it with the egg slices, and sprinkle it with the Parmesan. In a kettle cook the garlic in the oil over low heat, stirring, until it is pale golden, add the onion, and cook the mixture, stirring, until onio <END>
INPUT: cake, toffee, unsalted butter, granulated sugar, eggs, strong coffee, vinegar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate Chip Cake with Toffee Sauce, Chocolate Ganache and Vanilla Ice Cream Buttercream | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 stick unsalted butter, plus more for greasing the pans; 4 cups granulated sugar; 6 large eggs; 4 cups strong coffee; 2 teaspoons white vinegar; 1 cup good-quality dark chocolate chips; 4 cups slightly heaping all-purpose flour; 1 1/2 cups Dutch process or dark cocoa powder; 4 teaspoons baking soda; 1 teaspoon salt; 1 cup canola oil; 1/4 cup sour cream; 2 sticks (1 cup) salted butter; 1 1/4 cups brown sugar; 1 1/2 cups heavy cream | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: two 8-inch round cake pans; a candy thermometer; a pastry bag For the cake: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F and grease two 8-inch round cake pans. Whip the granulated sugar and eggs with a stand mixer fitted with the whisk attachment. Meanwhile, put the coffee, butter, vinegar and 1/2 cup of the chocolate chips into a microwave-safe bowl. Microwave until the chocolate and butter are melted, about 3 minutes; then whisk together until well-blended. In a separate mixing bowl, add the flour, cocoa powder, baking soda and salt; whisk together. Add the oil and sour cream to the  <END>
INPUT: Indian, Thai curry paste, curry powder, ginger, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Coconut Curry Thai Chicken | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 1 (13.5-ounce) can light coconut milk; 1 tablespoon Thai curry paste; 2 tablespoons curry powder; 2 teaspoons minced fresh ginger; 3 cloves garlic, minced; Dash cayenne pepper; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 8 ounces high-fiber whole-wheat linguine, (recommended: DeCecco); Olive oil cooking spray; 1 Vidalia or other sweet onion, chopped; 1 pound boneless skinless chicken breast, fat removed, cut into small pieces; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 tablespoons curry powder; 2 tablespoons peanut butter; 1 cup thinly sliced roasted red peppers | INSTRUCTIONS: For the sauce: In a medium bowl, combine all of the sauce ingredients, whisk until thoroughly combined and set aside. For the chicken: Cook the whole-wheat linguine al dente according to box directions. Drain and rinse under cold water and spray lightly with olive oil cooking spray so it does not stick and set aside. Coat a large nonstick skillet with cooking spray and add onion. Cook until translucent and beginning to brown, about 5 to 10 minutes. Add the chicken, season with salt and pepper and stir in curry powder. Saute chicken until lightly brown. Add the peanut butter and allow it to mel <END>
INPUT: Asian, gingered, Canola oil cook, ginger julienned, scallions, fleur de sel, coarse szechuan peppercorns
OUTPUT: TITLE: Steamed Gingered Salmon with Warm Citrus Sauce | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: Canola oil to cook; 2 tablespoons ginger julienned; 1/2 cup sliced scallions; 1 tablespoon fleur de sel; 1 teaspoon coarse ground szechuan peppercorns; 1/2 teaspoon coarse ground white peppercorns; 4 (3-ounce) pieces of salmon fillet; 4 eight inch rice paper, softened in warm water; 4 red leaf lettuce leaves for steaming; Warm Citrus Sauce, recipe follows; 1/2 tablespoon pink peppercorns, for garnish; Juice of 1 orange, separated; Juice of 1 lemon, separated; Juice of 1 lime, separated; 1 tablespoon clear soy sauce | INSTRUCTIONS: Set up a steamer. In a saute pan coated with oil on medium heat, saute the ginger and scallions until soft, about 2 minutes. Set aside. Wipe out pan and toast the salt and peppercorns until fragrant, about 2 minutes. Grind the peppercorns and salt. Season the fillets on both sides with the salt/peppercorn mixture. Place 1 wrapper on a clean dish towel. Place a thin layer of the ginger/scallion mixture and top with fillet. Roll bottom towards the middle. Fold in both sides and continue rolling. Finish roll and let rest. The top of the package will be the ginger/scallion mixture. Place packages  <END>
INPUT: Italian, lemon, meatballs, turkey, grain breadcrumbs, eggs, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lemon Whole-Grain Linguine with Turkey Meatballs | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: Cooking spray; 1 pound lean ground turkey (about 94 percent lean); 1/2 cup whole-grain breadcrumbs; 2 large eggs, lightly beaten; 1/3 cup grated yellow onion (about 1/2 medium onion); 1/2 cup grated Parmesan; 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh basil plus 1/4 cup torn fresh basil leaves; 2 teaspoons finely chopped fresh oregano; 2 large cloves garlic, minced; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1/2 teaspoon fennel seeds; 1/2 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes; 10 ounces whole-grain linguine or spaghetti; 3 tablespoons heavy cream; 1 1/2 teaspoons extra-virgin olive oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 475 degrees F. Bring a large pot of unsalted water to a boil. Spray a rimmed baking sheet with cooking spray. Add the turkey, breadcrumbs, eggs, onions, 1/4 cup of the Parmesan, chopped basil, oregano, garlic, 1 1/4 teaspoons salt, 3/4 teaspoon black pepper, fennel seeds and red pepper flakes to a large bowl and mix with your hands until evenly combined. Form the mixture into 24 meatballs (about 1 1/2 tablespoons each) and place them on the prepared baking sheet, evenly spaced. Spray the meatballs with cooking spray and roast until cooked through, 12 to 15 minutes, turning  <END>
INPUT: kiev, Vegetable oil, blades chives, palmful parsley, palmful dill
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken Kiev | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Vegetable oil, for frying; 4 (6 to 8-ounce) pieces boneless, skinless chicken or 4 (6-ounce) thin cut chicken cutlets; 10 blades fresh chives, chopped to about 2 tablespoons; A palmful fresh parsley, finely chopped to about 2 tablespoons; A palmful fresh dill, finely chopped, about 2 tablespoons; 1 clove garlic, finely chopped; 6 tablespoons chilled butter; 1 cup flour; 2 eggs; 1 cup plain bread crumbs; A wedge lemon; Salt and pepper; Plain, round toothpicks | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large, deep skillet, heat 1 1/2 inches vegetable oil over medium high heat. The oil needs to be 360 degrees F for frying. If you do not have a frying thermometer, add a cube of white bread to hot oil. If the bread browns in a 40 count, the oil is ready. Cover work surface with waxed paper. Arrange breasts on paper. Butterfly small chicken breasts, cut into flesh and across, but not through the breast, and open them up. The 6-ounce thin cut breasts may just be removed from package and arranged on waxed paper. Cover breast meat with a second sheet of waxed paper. Pound out cutlets to 1/4-in <END>
INPUT: lebanese, stew, navy beans, lamb shoulder leg, baharat, water, olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lebanese Lamb and Bean Stew | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 lb dried navy beans, picked over and rinsed; 2 lb boneless lamb shoulder or boneless leg of lamb, trimmed of excess fat and cut into 1 1/2-inch cubes; 1 tablespoon plus 1 teaspoon baharat* or 1 (3-inch) cinnamon stick; 9 cups water; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 2 medium onions, chopped; 4 garlic cloves, finely chopped; 2 teaspoons salt; 3/4 teaspoon black pepper; 3 tablespoons tomato paste; Accompaniments: spiced basmati rice better-than-pita grill bread | INSTRUCTIONS: Cover beans with cold water by 3 inches in a bowl and soak at room temperature at least 8 hours. Drain well in a colander. Bring lamb, baharat, and water (9 cups) to a boil in a 6- to 8-quart heavy pot, then vigorously simmer mixture, covered, until meat is almost tender, 1 1/4 to 1 1/2 hours. Add beans and cook, uncovered, until beans are tender, about 1 hour more. Meanwhile, heat oil over moderate heat in a 12-inch heavy skillet until hot but not smoking, then cook onions, garlic, 1/2 teaspoon salt, and 1/4 teaspoon pepper, stirring, until onions are pale golden and tender, 8 to 10 minutes.  <END>
INPUT: Indian, chutney, cubed pineapple, onion, pineapple juice, raisins, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pan-Seared Ham with Pineapple Chutney | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups cubed pineapple (fresh or canned in juice); 1/2 cup chopped onion; 1/2 cup pineapple juice; 1/3 cup raisins; 2 tablespoons brown sugar; 1 tablespoon white wine vinegar; 1 teaspoon ground cumin; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro leaves; 2 teaspoons olive oil; 8 slices baked ham (each about 1/2-inch thick) | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. In a medium saucepan, combine pineapple, onion, pineapple juice, raisins, brown sugar, vinegar, and cumin. Set pan over medium-high heat and bring to a simmer. Simmer 15 minutes, until mixture thickens and reduces. Remove from heat and stir in cilantro. Meanwhile, heat oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Add ham slices and cook 2 minutes per side, until golden brown. Serve ham slices with pineapple chutney spooned over top. <END>
INPUT: breads, fine bulgur, salt, boiling water, onion, unbleached hard all
OUTPUT: TITLE: Bulgur Breads | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cups fine or medium bulgur; 1 1/2 teaspoons salt; 2 cups boiling water; 1/2 cup minced onion; Approximately 2 cups unbleached hard white or all-purpose flour | INSTRUCTIONS: You will need a medium-sized bowl, a food processor (optional), unglazed quarry tiles to fit on the bottom rack of your oven, and a rolling pin. Place the bulgur and salt in a food processor, pour the boiling water over, and stir or process briefly to mix. Let stand for thirty minutes. When you come back to the bulgur mixture, it will look like the bulgur has totally absorbed the water. However, proceed by adding 1 cup flour and the minced onion, and process for 1 minute. The dough should come together into a large ball as you process. If it doesn't, feel the dough: If it feels dry and floury, <END>
INPUT: french, toast, chocolate ice cream, kosher salt, egg, unsalted butter, Four challah brioche
OUTPUT: TITLE: Melted Chocolate Ice Cream French Toast | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup melted chocolate ice cream; 1/4 teaspoon kosher salt; 1 large egg; 1 tablespoon unsalted butter; Four 1 1/2-inch-thick slices challah or brioche; Maple syrup, for serving; Confectioners' sugar, for dusting | INSTRUCTIONS: Whisk the melted ice cream, salt and egg in a shallow bowl. Heat 1/2 tablespoon butter in a nonstick skillet over medium heat. Working in batches, dip 2 slices of bread into the egg mixture and cook in the skillet until golden, 3 to 4 minutes per side; repeat with remaining 1/2 tablespoon butter and 2 slices bread. Serve warm with maple syrup and dust with confectioners' sugar. <END>
INPUT: American, crusted, steak, Canola oil, Kosher salt, pepper, croissants
OUTPUT: TITLE: Black Pepper Crusted Steak Sandwiches with Aged Cheddar, Horseradish Mayonnaise and Watercress | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 (1-pound) beef tenderloin; Canola oil; Kosher salt; 2 tablespoons coarsely ground fresh black pepper; 4 croissants, halved and toasted; 8 slices aged Cheddar; Horseradish Mayonnaise, recipe follows; 1 bunch watercress, washed and dried; 1/2 cup prepared mayonnaise; 1 tablespoon whole grain mustard; 2 tablespoons prepared horseradish, drained; Salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat grill to high. Rub meat with oil and season with salt and the black pepper. Grill on both sides until slightly charred and cooked to medium-rare doneness, about 4 minutes per side. Remove from the grill and let rest 5 minutes. Slice into 1/4-inch thick slices. Lay toasted croissant halves on a flat surface and top each half with a slice of the cheese. Divide the steak among 4 of the slices and combine halves make 4 sandwiches. Wrap each sandwich in foil, place on the grill and grill for 1 minute on each side. Remove from the grill and foil, lift 1 slice of the bread from each sandwich, an <END>
INPUT: fritters, unseasoned rice vinegar, reduced sodium soy, sugar, pepper flakes, zucchini
OUTPUT: TITLE: Zucchini Fritters | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons unseasoned rice vinegar; 1 tablespoon reduced-sodium soy sauce; 1 1/2 teaspoons sugar; Crushed red pepper flakes; 1 1/2 pounds zucchini (about 3 medium), grated; 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt plus more for seasoning; 1 large egg; 1/4 cup all-purpose flour; 3 tablespoons finely chopped fresh chives; 1 tablespoon cornstarch; Freshly ground black pepper; 1/3 cup vegetable oil | INSTRUCTIONS: For soy dipping sauce: Mix vinegar, soy sauce, sugar, and a pinch of red pepper flakes in a small bowl until sugar is dissolved. Set aside. Mix vinegar, soy sauce, sugar, and a pinch of red pepper flakes in a small bowl until sugar is dissolved. Set aside. For fritters: Place zucchini in a colander set in the sink and toss with 1/2 teaspoon salt. Let stand 10 minutes, then wring zucchini dry in a clean kitchen towel. Place zucchini in a large bowl and gently mix in egg, flour, chives, and cornstarch; season with salt and pepper. Heat oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Working in 2 batche <END>
INPUT: zucchini, garlic, salt, plain yogurt, mayonnaise
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Zucchini and Yogurt Dip | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 medium zucchini (about 3/4 pound total); 1 small garlic clove; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/4 cup plain yogurt; 2 tablespoons mayonnaise; 1 tablespoon minced fresh mint leaves; 1 teaspoon fresh lemon juice; Accompaniment: tomato-rubbed bruschetta | INSTRUCTIONS: Prepare grill. Cut zucchini lengthwise into 1/4-inch-thick slices and grill on an oiled rack set 5 to 6 inches over glowing coals until very tender, about 5 minutes on each side. Mince garlic with salt and mash to a paste. Finely chop zucchini and stir into garlic paste with remaining ingredients. Prepare grill. Cut zucchini lengthwise into 1/4-inch-thick slices and grill on an oiled rack set 5 to 6 inches over glowing coals until very tender, about 5 minutes on each side. Mince garlic with salt and mash to a paste. Finely chop zucchini and stir into garlic paste with remaining ingredients. Se <END>
INPUT: confit, turkey, Kosher salt pepper, garlic, shallot, thyme
OUTPUT: TITLE: Turkey Leg and Wing Confit with Roasted Breast | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: One 12- to 14-pound turkey, leg quarters and wings removed, breast kept whole; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 8 cloves garlic, minced, plus 2 heads, halved; 1 large shallot, minced, plus 2 shallots, halved; 16 sprigs thyme, leaves stripped from half and roughly chopped; 12 sprigs rosemary, leaves stripped from half and roughly chopped; 8 bay leaves, half roughly chopped; 4 cups rendered duck or chicken fat, or extra-virgin olive oil; 1 orange, halved; Pear Chutney, recipe follows; 1 3/4 pounds fresh pears, peeled, cored and chopped; 1 small shallot, finely chopped; 1/2 cup light brown sugar; 1/2 cup golden raisins; 1/2 cup plus 1 tablespoon rice wine vinegar | INSTRUCTIONS: Put the turkey legs and wings in a large bowl and sprinkle with 2 tablespoons salt and 1 tablespoon pepper. Add the minced garlic and shallot and chopped thyme, rosemary and bay leaves and rub all over until evenly coated. Cover and refrigerate overnight. Scrape off as much of the seasoning mixture as possible from the turkey legs and wings and discard. Blot dry with paper towels. Melt the duck fat in a large wide pot or Dutch oven over medium heat. Nestle the turkey legs and wings skin-side up in the pot so that they're submerged in the fat. Bring to a very gentle simmer, cover and cook until <END>
INPUT: Indian, sauce, canola oil, chicken breast, Salt pepper, beans, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken with Peanut Curry Sauce | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons canola oil; 1 1/2 pounds chicken breast, cut in 1-inch pieces; Salt and pepper; 8 ounces frozen cut green beans, thawed (recommended: C&W); 8 ounces frozen pepper strips, thawed (recommended: C&W); 1 1/2 cups light coconut milk; 1/2 cup low-sodium chicken broth; 1 tablespoon red curry paste; 1/3 cup chunky peanut butter; 2 tablespoons brown sugar; 2 tablespoons lime juice, plus wedges for garnishing; Coconut Rice, recipe follows; Cilantro sprigs for garnishing; 3/4 cup light coconut milk (recommended: A Taste of Thai); 1 cup low-sodium chicken broth | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat oil in a large frying pan over medium-high heat. Add cut up chicken, season and saute until cooked through stirring occasionally, about 5 minutes. Add green beans and pepper strips and continue cooking for 3 minutes. While chicken cooks, start the peanut curry sauce. In a medium mixing bowl, whisk together all ingredients for the sauce. Pour sauce into a frying pan over the chicken and vegetables, stir to combine. Turn heat up to high and bring to boil, stirring occasionally. Reduce heat and simmer until sauce thickens slightly, about 6 to 8 minutes. Serve over Coconut Rice or plain steam <END>
INPUT: Mexican, chiles, peanut vegetable oil, garlic, jalapeños, scallions, cilantro
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken Skin With Peanuts, Chiles, and Lime | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup peanut or vegetable oil; 8 thinly sliced garlic cloves; 2 thinly sliced jalapeños; 2 thinly sliced scallions (green parts only); 1/2 cup chopped fresh cilantro; 1/2 cup chopped salted, roasted peanuts; 1 tablespoon fresh lime juice; Crispy Salt-and-Pepper Chicken Skin; Lime wedges | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat 1/4 cup peanut or vegetable oil in a small saucepan over low and cook 8 thinly sliced garlic cloves, stirring occasionally, until translucent and soft, 8–10 minutes; let cool. Transfer garlic to a medium bowl with a slotted spoon; save oil for another use. Add 2 thinly sliced jalapeños, 2 thinly sliced scallions (green parts only), 1/2 cup chopped fresh cilantro, 1/2 cup chopped salted, roasted peanuts, and 1 tablespoon fresh lime juice and toss to combine. Gently toss in Crispy Salt-and-Pepper Chicken Skin. Serve with lime wedges. Heat 1/4 cup peanut or vegetable oil in a small saucepan  <END>
INPUT: dozen hard shelled, zucchini, jalapeño chile, onion, unsalted butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Clams with Zucchini and Jalapeño | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 dozen small hard-shelled clams such as littlenecks (less than 2 inches in diameter); 2 small zucchini; 1 fresh jalapeño chile; 1 small onion; 3 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1 cup dry white wine; Accompaniment: crusty Italian or French bread | INSTRUCTIONS: Scrub clams well and in a large bowl cover with salted cold water. Cut zucchini into 2 x 1/2-inch sticks. Wearing rubber gloves, halve jalapeño lengthwise and discard seeds from one half. Finely chop jalapeño and onion. In a large saucepan heat 2 tablespoons butter over moderately high heat until foam subsides and sauté zucchini, jalapeño, and onion, stirring, until zucchini is crisp tender, about 5 minutes. Transfer zucchini mixture to a bowl. In pan melt remaining tablespoon butter over moderately high heat and add clams and wine. Steam clams, covered, over moderately high heat 5 to 8 minute <END>
INPUT: Asian, caipirinhas, ginger syrup, lychees syrup, limes, Velvet Falernum liqueur, cachaça
OUTPUT: TITLE: Ginger and Lychee Caipirinhas | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 8 tablespoons ginger syrup , divided; 16 drained canned lychees in syrup (8 tablespoons syrup reserved), divided; 4 limes, each cut into 8 wedges, divided; 16 teaspoons Velvet Falernum liqueur,* divided; 2 cups cachaça,* divided; 8 cups ice cubes, divided; *Velvet Falernum, a liqueur from Barbados, and cachaça, a Brazilian liquor made from sugarcane juice, are available at some liquor stores | INSTRUCTIONS: Place 8 rocks glasses on work surface. Place 1 tablespoon ginger syrup , 2 lychees and 1 tablespoon lychee syrup, 4 lime wedges, and 2 teaspoons Velvet Falernum in bottom of each glass. Using muddler or wooden spoon, mash lime wedges. Add 1/4 cup cachaça, then 1 cup ice cubes to each glass and stir to blend. Place 8 rocks glasses on work surface. Place 1 tablespoon ginger syrup , 2 lychees and 1 tablespoon lychee syrup, 4 lime wedges, and 2 teaspoons Velvet Falernum in bottom of each glass. Using muddler or wooden spoon, mash lime wedges. Add 1/4 cup cachaça, then 1 cup ice cubes to each glass <END>
INPUT: Italian, meatballs, virgin olive oil, garlic, plum tomatoes, basil leaves, piece parmesan rind
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spaghetti and Turkey Meatballs | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil; 5 cloves garlic (4 smashed, 1 minced); 1 28-ounce can plum tomatoes, crushed by hand; 1/2 cup fresh basil leaves; 1 small piece parmesan rind (optional); Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper; 3/4 pound 93% lean ground turkey; 1/2 cup chopped fresh parsley, plus more for topping; 1 slice stale whole-wheat bread, crust trimmed, bread chopped; 1/4 cup part-skim ricotta cheese; 2 tablespoons grated parmesan cheese, plus more for topping; 1 large egg white, lightly beaten; 12 ounces whole-wheat spaghetti | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat the olive oil in a large saucepan over medium heat. Add the smashed garlic and cook 1 minute. Add the tomatoes with their juice, 2 cups water, 1/4cup basil, the parmesan rind, if using, and salt and pepper to taste. Bring to a boil, then reduce the heat and simmer until thickened, about 8 minutes. Discard the parmesan rind, if used. Chop the remaining 1/4cup basil, then mix with the turkey, parsley, bread, ricotta, parmesan, egg white, minced garlic, 1/2 teaspoon salt, and pepper to taste in a bowl using your hands. Form into 4 large or 12 small meatballs; add to the sauce and simmer, tur <END>
INPUT: bacon, onion, ketchup, tomato puree, firmly dark sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Baked Beans | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 8 slices bacon, chopped; 1 medium onion, chopped; 3/4 cup ketchup; 3/4 cup tomato puree; 1/2 cup firmly packed dark brown sugar; 1/4 cup cider vinegar; 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce; Salt and pepper to taste; 1/4 teaspoon cayenne pepper; 2 twenty-eight ounce cans red beans, drained and rinsed | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Put a heavy-bottomed pot (with a lid) over medium-high heat. Add the bacon and cook, stirring often, until the fat renders and bacon begins to crisp, about 6-8 minutes. Add the onion and cook until softened, about 5 minutes more. Stir in the ketchup, tomato puree, brown sugar, vinegar, Worcestershire, salt, pepper, and cayenne and mix well. Bring to a simmer and cook for 5 minutes. Stir in the beans until well coated, cover, and bake in the oven for 1 hour. Remove the lid and continue baking until sauce thickens and the beans begin to brown, about 15 minutes  <END>
INPUT: Mexican, salad, watermelon, jicama, cilantro leaves, limes, cayenne pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Watermelon Jicama Salad | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2 pounds watermelon; 1 pound jicama; 1 bunch fresh cilantro leaves, chopped; 2 limes, juiced; 1 teaspoon cayenne pepper; Sea salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Peel and cut watermelon into bite-sized chunks. Peel the jicama root and slice into oversized matchsticks. In a large bowl, toss together the melon and jicama with the cilantro, lime juice, cayenne pepper, and a sprinkle of sea salt. <END>
INPUT: fudge, torte, Unsweetened cocoa powder, prunes, prune juice, bittersweet
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate, Walnut and Prune Fudge Torte | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Unsweetened cocoa powder; 1 1/2 cups diced pitted prunes (about 8 ounces); 1 cup prune juice; 1 cup (2 sticks) unsalted margarine; 8 ounces bittersweet (not unsweetened) or semisweet chocolate, chopped; 3/4 cup unsweetened cocoa powder; 1 cup coarsely chopped toasted walnuts (about 4 ounces); 8 large eggs, room temperature; 2 large egg yolks; 1 3/4 cups sugar; Pinch of salt; 1 cup prune juice; 1/4 cup (1/2 stick) unsalted margarine; 10 ounces bittersweet (not unsweetened) or semisweet chocolate, chopped; 24 walnut halves | INSTRUCTIONS: For Cake: Position rack in center of oven and preheat to 350°F. Butter 9-inch-diameter springform pan with 2 3/4-inch-high sides. Dust pan with cocoa powder. Tap out excess. Wrap outside of pan with heavy-duty foil. Place prunes in small bowl. Pour 1 cup prune juice over. Set aside to macerate 15 minutes. Melt margarine in heavy medium saucepan over low heat. Add chocolate and whisk until smooth. Remove from heat. Add 3/4 cup cocoa powder and whisk until smooth. Mix in walnuts and prune mixture. Cool to lukewarm. Using electric mixer, beat eggs, yolks, sugar and salt in large bowl at medium sp <END>
INPUT: barcelona, chicken thighs, chicken legs, oregano, sweet paprika, Kosher salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Barcelona-Style Rice | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 chicken thighs; 2 chicken legs; 1 teaspoon dried oregano; 2 tablespoons sweet paprika; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 1 Spanish chorizo sausage; 4 garlic cloves, crushed; 1 onion, diced; 1 (14-ounce) can whole, peeled tomatoes, drained and hand crushed; 1 cup Spanish rice, short to medium grain; 1 teaspoon saffron threads; 4 jumbo shrimp, peeled; 2 lobster tails, split; 6 littleneck clams, scrubbed | INSTRUCTIONS: Rinse the chicken pieces and pat dry. Mix the oregano and paprika with some salt and pepper in a small bowl. Rub the spice mixture all over the chicken and stick it in the refrigerator to marinate for 30 minutes. Heat the oil in a paella pan or wide shallow skillet over medium-high heat. When the oil is beginning to smoke, add the chicken, skin side down, and brown all over, turning with tongs. Add the chorizo and continue to cook until the oil is a vibrant red color. Remove the chicken and sausage to a platter lined with paper towels. Return the pan to the stove and lower the heat to medium.  <END>
INPUT: steaks, cauliflower, water, milk, vegetable oil additional
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cauliflower Steaks with Cauliflower Purée | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1 1/2-pound head of cauliflower; 1 1/2 cups water; 1 cup whole milk; 2 tablespoons vegetable oil plus additional for brushing | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 250°F. Using sharp heavy knife and starting at top center of cauliflower head, cut two 1-inch-thick slices of cauliflower, cutting through stem end. Set cauliflower steaks aside. Cut enough florets from remaining cauliflower head to measure 3 cups. Combine florets, 1 1/2 cups water, and milk in medium saucepan, and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Bring to boil and cook until cauliflower florets are very tender, about 10 minutes. Strain, reserving 1 cup cooking liquid. Spread florets on large rimmed baking sheet, and bake 10 minutes until slightly dry. Transfer florets to blender <END>
INPUT: pastrami, coriander seeds, peppercorns, fennel seeds, Sichuan peppercorns
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pastrami-Style Grilled Turkey Breast | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons coriander seeds; 2 tablespoons black peppercorns; 1 tablespoon fennel seeds; 1 tablespoon Sichuan peppercorns; 1 (6–8-pound) skin-on, bone-in turkey breast, patted dry; 1 tablespoon vegetable oil; 2 tablespoons kosher salt; A spice mill or a mortar and pestle; a chimney starter and smoking chips (optional) | INSTRUCTIONS: Coarsely grind coriander seeds, black peppercorns, fennel seeds, and Sichuan peppercorns in spice mill or with mortar and pestle. Place turkey on a large rimmed baking sheet and rub all over with oil and sprinkle cavity and all over outside with salt, then do the same with spice mixture. Let sit at room temperature at least 1 hour, or cover and chill up to 12 hours. If chilled, let sit at room temperature 1 hour before grilling. If using a charcoal grill, fill a chimney with charcoal and light. Once coals are covered with ash, spread half on each side of grill, leaving center empty. Set top gr <END>
INPUT: heavy cream, walnut oil, cinnamon, ginger, lbs.acorn squash
OUTPUT: TITLE: Acorn Squash in Roasted Apples | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoons heavy cream; 1 tablespoon walnut oil; 1 teaspoon cinnamon; 1 teaspoon ground ginger; 1 1/2 lbs.acorn squash, peeled and chopped; 3 large pippin apples, cut in half horizontally and cored; 1 cup chicken stock; 4 tablespoons butter; 4 tablespoons brown sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F. Cut squash in half lengthwise and remove seeds and fibers. Place squash cut side down in a baking dish. Pour the stock into the dish. Place in the oven and bake for 20 minutes. Scoop out the fruit from the apples, leaving a 1/4 border. Remove squash from oven, place apples cut side down in baking dish, fitting them around the squash. Return to oven and bake until squash and apples are just tender, about 15 to20 minutes more. Turn squash and apples over. Dot with butter and brown sugar. Return to oven for 10 minutes. Remove squash and apples from oven. Transfer ap <END>
INPUT: Italian, brodo, Parmesan rinds, carrot, celery, garlic, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tortellini in Parmesan Brodo | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound Parmesan rinds; 1 carrot, peeled and chopped; 1 celery stalk, chopped; 1 head garlic, halved across the equator; 1 onion, halved; 4 sprigs fresh oregano; 2 sprigs fresh thyme; 1 bay leaf; 1 teaspoon salt, plus for pasta water; 1 pound spinach pasta tortellini (spinach pasta filled with cheese); 2 tablespoons chopped fresh flat-leaf parsley | INSTRUCTIONS: To a large saucepan, combine the Parmesan rinds, carrots, celery, garlic, onions, oregano, thyme, bay leaf and salt. Add 8 cups water and bring to a simmer over medium heat. Simmer the broth for 1 hour 15 minutes, adjusting the heat to maintain a simmer and stirring occasionally to prevent sticking. Strain into a clean saucepan and keep warm over low heat. Meanwhile, bring a large pot of well-salted water to a boil. Add the tortellini and cook for 2 minutes less than the package instructions, about 4 minutes. Drain well, then add the tortellini to the broth to finish cooking. Stir in the parsl <END>
INPUT: Asian, skewers, teriyaki sauce, sesame oil, garlic, lemon, sugar substitute
OUTPUT: TITLE: Teriyaki Sesame Chicken Skewers | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 15 ounces teriyaki sauce (no more than 2 grams sugar per serving); 6 tablespoons sesame oil; 1/4 teaspoon minced garlic; 1 lemon, juiced; 1 tablespoon sugar substitute (recommended: Splenda); 2 pounds boneless, skinless chicken thighs; 1 tablespoon sesame seeds, toasted; 1 cantaloupe half filled with melon balls, optional | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: 30 (8-inch) bamboo skewers Soak bamboo skewers in water for 1 hour to keep from burning later. Mix all marinade ingredients together in a non-reactive container large enough to hold all of the chicken. Cut chicken into 1/2-inch strips and submerge them in the marinade, cover, and refrigerate for at least 1 hour. Preheat oven to 375 degrees F. Thread 1 chicken strip on each skewer towards end of the stick, and line up on a sheet pan. Place in oven and bake for about 30 minutes, or until fully cooked through. Sprinkle with sesame seeds before serving. Serve by sticking skewers <END>
INPUT: tuscan, parsley, garlic, pepper flakes, bread crumbs, plum tomatoes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tuscan Baked Tomatoes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/4 cups chopped parsley; 3 small cloves garlic, finely chopped; Pinch red pepper flakes; 3/4 cup bread crumbs; 10 plum tomatoes (about 1 1/4 pounds); 1/4 cup olive oil; Coarse salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1/2 cup water | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat oven to 400 degrees F. In the bowl of a food processor, combine the parsley, garlic, red pepper flakes, and bread crumbs. Set aside. Cut the tomatoes in halves lengthwise. Remove the seeds and juice. Using a spoon, fill the halves with the bread crumb mixture. Place tomato halves in a shallow baking dish. Drizzle with olive oil and season with salt and pepper. Add 1/2 cup water to the bottom of the pan. Cover tightly with aluminum foil. Bake until the tomatoes are tender, about 45 minutes. Remove from oven. Heat oven to broil. Remove aluminum foil and broil until crisp and slightly browne <END>
INPUT: American, creme, tart, chocolate wafer cookies, kosher salt, light corn syrup, cream cheese
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate “Creme Egg” Tart | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup (1/2 stick) unsalted butter, melted, plus more for pan; 6 ounces chocolate wafer cookies (about 28 cookies), coarsely crumbled; Pinch of kosher salt; 1/2 cup light corn syrup; 1/4 cup cream cheese, room temperature; 1/4 cup (1/2 stick) unsalted butter, cut into small pieces, room temperature; 2 teaspoons vanilla extract; 1/8 teaspoon kosher salt; 3 cups powdered sugar; 5–6 drops yellow food coloring; 1–2 drops red food coloring; 12 ounces milk chocolate, chopped; 6 ounces semisweet chocolate, chopped; 2 cups heavy cream; Pinch of kosher salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Make the crust: Preheat oven to 350°F. Grease tart pan with butter. Pulse cookies and salt in a food processor until cookies are finely ground. With the motor running, slowly pour in melted butter and process until well combined. Using a measuring cup, firmly press cookie mixture into bottom and up sides of tart pan. Bake crust until firm, about 10 minutes. Transfer pan to a wire rack and let cool 15 minutes. Preheat oven to 350°F. Grease tart pan with butter. Pulse cookies and salt in a food processor until cookies are finely ground. With the motor running, slowly pour in melted butter and pr <END>
INPUT: benedict, eggs, bacon, microwave cornbread, American cheese, milk
OUTPUT: TITLE: Microwave Cornbread Eggs Benedict | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 large eggs; 4 strips bacon; 1 package microwave cornbread; 4 slices American cheese; 2 tablespoons milk; 1 teaspoon hot sauce (recommended: Tabasco); 1 teaspoon mustard; Kosher salt; Freshly ground black pepper; Chives, chopped, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Fill a 1-quart microwave safe bowl 1/2 full with water. Crack the eggs into it and poke a hole in the yolks with a skewer or toothpick. Microwave on high for 1 to 1 1/2 minutes until the whites are set and the yolks are still soft. Remove from the oven and set aside. Put 2 layers of paper towels onto a microwave safe plate and place the bacon strips on top. Microwave on high power for about 3 minutes, or until crisp. Set aside. Mix the microwave cornbread according to package directions. Cook 2 English muffin size portions using a microwave safe cup according to package directions. Remove from <END>
INPUT: cowboy, pockets, grilled pork chop, onion, garlic, chili sauce, Cheddar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Round 2 Recipe - Cowboy Pockets | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 grilled pork chop (leftover from Grilled Apple Brined Pork Chops), chopped, recipe follows; 1/2 small onion, chopped; 2 teaspoons minced garlic; 1/2 cup chili sauce; 1/2 cups shredded Cheddar; 1/2 pound refrigerator pizza dough (leftover from Grilled Flat Bread), at room temperature, recipe follows; 1 egg, lightly beaten with 1 tablespoon water; 1 pound refrigerator pizza dough, room temperature; 2 tablespoons reserved marinade from Garlic, Lemon, and Herb Rubbed Legs; 2 cups apple juice; 1 tablespoon coarsely ground black pepper; 1/4 cup salt; 1/4 cup light brown sugar; 1 teaspoon red pepper flakes; 5 rib end pork chops, about 1 1/2 pounds | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper. In a medium bowl, combine pork, onion, garlic, chili sauce, and cheese. Mix together and set aside. Divide the pizza dough into 4 pieces. Roll each piece into a round about 4 to 5 inches in diameter on a lightly floured surface. Divide filling mixture among the dough rounds. Brush perimeter of dough with egg wash and fold in half. Fold the edges up to seal and transfer to prepared baking sheet. Cut a small vent in each pocket and brush with egg wash. Bake in preheated oven for about 15 minutes or until golden brown. Prehe <END>
INPUT: Asian, slaw, rice vinegar, natural cane sugar, fine sea salt, pepper flakes, rainbow carrots
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Sardines With Carrot-Fennel Slaw | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup plus 1 tablespoon brown rice vinegar, divided; 1 teaspoon natural cane sugar; 1/4 teaspoon fine sea salt; 1/4 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes; 6 rainbow carrots; 1 small fennel bulb with fronds, cored; 8 large sardines; 3 tablespoons white miso; 1 tablespoon mirin; 1 teaspoon brown sugar; 1 garlic clove, minced; Toasted sesame oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 400°. To prepare the slaw, whisk together 1/4 cup brown rice vinegar, sugar, salt, and red pepper flakes. Rinse outer skin of carrots. Use a vegetable peeler to peel carrots lengthwise, creating long ribbons. Place in a mixing bowl. Next, slice fennel crosswise very thinly with a sharp knife or mandoline. Reserve fennel fronds for garnish. Toss brown rice vinegar mix with carrots and fennel. Set aside. If your sardines have not been gutted by your fishmonger, do this now. Slice each sardine along the length of the belly and remove the organs by gently pulling them out with your <END>
INPUT: chilled, soup, leek, unsalted butter, hot vegetable stock, peas, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chilled Pea Soup with Fresh Mint | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup leek, minced; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 3 cups hot vegetable stock; 3 cups fresh peas (about 3 pounds unshelled); 1/2 teaspoon sugar; Salt to taste; 1 cup heavy cream; 1/2 cup fresh mint, minced, or to taste; Mint sprigs for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large saucepan, cook the leek in the butter over moderate heat for 3 minutes, or until softened. Add the broth, peas and seasonings and simmer, covered, for 25 minutes, or until the peas are very tender. In a food processor, blend the mixture in batches until combined well. Let it cool. Chill the soup, covered, for at least 2 hours. Before serving stir in cream and fresh mint. Garnish with mint sprigs. Correct the seasoning. <END>
INPUT: American, portobello, steak, Gorgonzola cheese, unsalted butter, bell pepper, wine vinegar, water
OUTPUT: TITLE: Portobello "Steak" Sandwiches with Gorgonzola Butter and Red Pepper Vinaigrette | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 ounces Gorgonzola cheese (about 1/4 cup) at room temperature; 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, softened; 1 red bell pepper, roasted (see Cook's Note), or 1/3 cup drained bottled roasted red peppers; 1 tablespoon white-wine vinegar; 1 tablespoon water; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 4 (1/2-inch) thick slices crusty bread, cut diagonally from a large loaf; Garnish: fresh thyme leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: Whisk together marinade ingredients. Put half of mushroom caps and half of marinade in each of 2 large sealable plastic bags, arranging mushroom caps in 1 layer, and seal bags, pressing out excess air. Marinate mushrooms at room temperature, turning bags over several times, at least 1 and up to 2 hours. Make Gorgonzola butter while mushrooms are marinating: On a plate with a fork mash Gorgonzola and butter together until blended well. Make red pepper vinaigrette: In a blender blend vinaigrette ingredients with salt and pepper, to taste, until smooth and emulsified. Prepare grill. Grill 1 side  <END>
INPUT: loavesCorn Bread, celery, onions, bacon, mixed herbs thyme
OUTPUT: TITLE: Herb and Bacon Corn-Bread Stuffing | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 loavesCorn Bread; 6 large celery ribs; 1 pound onions (about 2 large); 1 pound sliced bacon; 1/2 cup chopped mixed fresh herbs such as thyme, sage, rosemary, and/or marjoram or 2 tablespoons mixed dried herbs, crumbled; 1 cup Turkey Giblet Stock or chicken broth; 1/4 cup reserved fat from roast turkey or melted butter | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 325° F. and butter a 4-quart baking dish. Cut corn bread into 1/2-inch cubes and dry in 2 large shallow baking pans in oven 20 minutes. Remove corn bread from oven and leave oven at 325° F. Coarsely chop separately celery, onions, and bacon. In a large, deep skillet sauté bacon over moderately high heat, stirring, until browned, about 10 minutes. Add celery and onions and cook, stirring, until vegetables are softened, about 5 minutes. Add herbs and salt and pepper to taste and cook, stirring, 1 minute. In a large bowl toss together corn bread and bacon mixture and transfer to b <END>
INPUT: cookies, raisins, Boiling water, all purpose flour, baking powder, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Walnut-Raisin Cookies | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups raisins; Boiling water; 2 cups all purpose flour; 1 tablespoon baking powder; 1 1/2 cups sugar; 1 cup (2 sticks) unsalted butter, room temperature; 1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract; 3 large eggs; 3 cups walnuts | INSTRUCTIONS: Place raisins in medium bowl. Pour enough boiling water over to cover; let stand 1 minute. Drain raisins well. Sift flour and baking powder into another medium bowl. Beat sugar and butter in large bowl until creamy. Beat in vanilla. Beat in 1 egg, then 1/3 of dry ingredients. Repeat with remaining eggs and dry ingredients in 2 batches. Stir in raisins (dough will be very soft). Chill dough 1 hour to firm slightly. Preheat oven to 375°F. Line 3 heavy large baking sheets with foil. Butter foil. Coarsely grind walnuts in processor. Mound ground walnuts on work surface. Working in batches, drop do <END>
INPUT: Italian, olive oil, scallions, tomato, basil leaves, chardonnay
OUTPUT: TITLE: Striped Bass with Tomato and Basil Cream | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 teaspoon olive oil; 1/4 cup chopped scallions; 1 large ripe tomato, chopped; 1/2 cup chopped fresh basil leaves; 1/2 cup chardonnay (recommended: Wolffer Estate Selection Chardonnay); 1 cup heavy cream; 3 tablespoons butter; 1/2 cup chardonnay (recommended: Wolffer Estate Selection Chardonnay); 1/4 cup verjus* (recommended: Wolffer Verjus); 1 (4 to 5-pound) striped bass fillet, cut into 6 equal pieces; Salt and pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Make cream sauce: Heat oil in a small saucepan over medium heat. Add scallion and saute until tender. Add tomato and basil. Add chardonnay and cook until liquid is reduced by half. Add heavy cream, reduce the heat, and simmer until the desired thickness is reached. Keep warm until ready to serve. After you have started the sauce, bake the fillet: place butter, chardonnay, and verjus in a baking pan. Season fish with salt and pepper and place in pan. Bake for 5 to 7 minutes, or until fish is cooked through; the fish should be opaque throughout and a knife shou <END>
INPUT: aligot, kosher salt, coarse grind grits, unsalted butter, heavy cream, mozzarella
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grits Aligot | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 teaspoon kosher salt, plus more; 1 1/2 cups coarse-grind grits (not instant); 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1/2 cup heavy cream; 6 ounces fresh mozzarella, grated; 6 ounces Gruyère, grated; 6 ounces extra-sharp cheddar, grated | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring 1 tsp. salt and 5 cups water to a simmer in a large saucepan over medium heat. Whisking constantly, gradually pour in grits. Cook, whisking often to prevent clumps, until mixture is thick but grits are still very al dente, 15–20 minutes. Remove from heat and let sit until a skin forms on surface, 5–10 minutes. Set grits over medium-low heat and whisk vigorously until smooth. Cook, whisking often, until grits are tender but still have some bite, 15–20 minutes. Whisk in butter, then cream; reduce heat to low. Whisking constantly, add each cheese a little at a time. Whisk after each additio <END>
INPUT: slaw, julienned cabbage, julienned chayote squash, julienned jicama, onion, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Jicama Chayote Slaw | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup julienned green cabbage; 1 cup julienned chayote squash; 1 cup julienned jicama; 1 small red onion, julienned; 1 red pepper, julienned; 1/2 cup rice wine vinegar; 1 bunch fresh cilantro, chopped; Salt and ground pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine the cabbage, chayote, jicama, onions, peppers, vinegar and cilantro. Season with salt and pepper. <END>
INPUT: American, platter, block Gruyere, block Epoisse, block buttermilk cheese, apples, grapes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cheese Platter | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 block Gruyere; 1 block Epoisse; 1 block buttermilk blue cheese; 2 apples, cored and sliced; 2 small bunches grapes; Plum and Pear Chutney, recipe follows; 1 tablespoon butter; 1 cup onion, diced; 1 tablespoon ginger, minced; 1 large pear, diced; 2 plums, diced; 1/2 cup sugar; 2 tablespoons white wine; 2 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce; 1 tablespoon white wine vinegar | INSTRUCTIONS: Arrange cheeses and fruit on a platter. Serve with chutney.; In a medium heated saucepan add butter, onions, and ginger. Cook until onion softens, about 5 to 10 minutes. Once onion has slightly turned color and softened add the pear, plums, and sugar. Give it a stir. Turn heat down a bit and add the white wine, Worcestershire sauce, and white wine vinegar. Stir well and let it reduce for about 20 minutes. Once a jam consistency occurs, remove from heat and let it cool. Serve with cheese platter. <END>
INPUT: truffles, pumpkin puree, sugar, cinnamon, ginger, gloves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pumpkin Truffles | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup pumpkin puree; 1/4 cup brown sugar; 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1 teaspoon ground ginger; 1/4 teaspoon ground gloves; 2 cups cream; 1 pound dark chocolate, finely chopped; 1 ounce butter, room temperature; 1/4 cup orange-flavored liqueur, optional (recommended: Grand Marnier); 6 ounces melted dark chocolate; 3 ounces cocoa powder | INSTRUCTIONS: In a medium saucepan over low heat, combine pumpkin, brown sugar and spices. Cook for 5 to 6 minutes, or until mixture reduces by half and pumpkin looks dry. Set aside. In a medium saucepan over high heat, add cream. When cream boils, take off heat. In a heatproof medium bowl, add chocolate and hot cream. Let the mixture sit for a minute, then slowly begin to stir, starting in the center of the bowl and working outwards. Once the chocolate and cream are evenly mixed, add pumpkin mixture and whisk to combine. Add the butter and liqueur, if using. Cover tightly with plastic wrap and refrigerate  <END>
INPUT: slow, all purpose flour, Cajun spice, kosher salt, chicken
OUTPUT: TITLE: Slow Roasted Fried Chicken | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup all-purpose flour; 1 teaspoon Cajun spice; 1 teaspoon kosher salt; 1 whole chicken, cut into 8 pieces; 1 tablespoon kosher salt; 1 teaspoon ground black pepper; 8 1/2 cups vegetable oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 175 degrees F. For the seasoned flour: In a bowl, mix the flour, Cajun spice and salt together well. For the chicken: Toss the chicken with the salt, pepper and 1/2 cup vegetable oil and place on parchment paper on a baking sheet. Slow cook in the oven until the internal temperature on an instant-read meat thermometer reaches 165 degrees F, about 2 hours (do not let the thermometer touch the bone). Then remove the chicken and cool. Heat a deep-fryer with the remaining 8 cups oil to 400 degrees F. Toss the cooled chicken with the seasoned flour and flash-fry, in batches if n <END>
INPUT: Indian, vegetable oil, mustard seeds, fenugreek seeds, split chana dal, split
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lemon Rice | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 2 1/2 tablespoons vegetable oil; 1/2 teaspoon mustard seeds; Pinch fenugreek seeds; 1 teaspoon split chana dal (also called Bengal gram lentils); 1 teaspoon split black gram (also called urad dal or black lentil); 4 tablespoons roasted peanuts, out of their shells; 2 to 3 dried red chiles, left whole; 10 curry leaves,* torn in half; 1 rounded teaspoon chopped fresh ginger; 1/4 teaspoon ground turmeric; Kosher salt; 3 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, or to taste; 12 ounces freshly cooked basmati rice | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat the vegetable oil in a large nonstick frying pan. Add the mustard seeds, fenugreek seeds, chana dal, black gram, and the chiles, and stir-fry until lightly browned. Add the peanuts, chiles, curry leaves, ginger, ground turmeric, and salt, to taste, and cook for about 40 seconds. Stir in the lemon juice, and cook for another minute before adding the cooked rice. Stir-fry the ingredients to heat through, being careful not to break up the rice grains too much. To serve the rice, divide the mixture between warm serving plates. <END>
INPUT: pecans, water, bay leaves, Salt pepper taste, wild rice, unsalted butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Wild Rice with Spicy Pecans | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 cups water; 2 bay leaves; Salt and freshly ground pepper to taste; 1 cup wild rice; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1/2 cup pecan pieces; 1/4 teaspoon cayenne pepper; 1 tablespoon maple syrup; 1/2 teaspoon salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine the water, bay leaves, salt, and pepper in a pot with a snugfitting lid. Bring to a boil. Add the rice, reduce to a simmer, and cook for 40 to 45 minutes. When cooked stir in the butter, cover again and keep warm. Combine the pecans, cayenne, maple syrup and salt in a saute pan and quickly cook over low heat until the nuts have lightly toasted. Remove from the heat and combine with the cooked wild rice. <END>
INPUT: gingerbread, trifle, sugar, water, kumquats, fruity wine
OUTPUT: TITLE: Gingerbread Trifle With Candied Kumquats and Wine-Poached Cranberries | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 1/2 cups sugar; 1 1/2 cups water; 3 cups sliced seeded kumquats; 2 cups fruity red wine (such as Syrah); 2 cups sugar; 12 ounces fresh or frozen cranberries; 1 cup extra stout (such as Guinness); 1 cup mild-flavored (light) molasses; 1 1/2 teaspoons baking soda; 2 cups all purpose flour; 2 tablespoons ground ginger; 1 1/2 teaspoons baking powder; 3/4 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1/4 teaspoon ground cloves; 1/4 teaspoon ground nutmeg | INSTRUCTIONS: For candied kumquats: Stir sugar and 1 1/2 cups water in large saucepan over medium heat until sugar dissolves. Increase heat and bring to boil. Add kumquats; reduce heat to medium-low and simmer until soft mixture to medium bowl. Cool. Cover and chill until cold. DO AHEAD: Can be made 5 days ahead. Keep chilled. Before using, pour kumquat mixture through strainer; set kumquats aside for trifle. (Reserve syrup for another use.) Stir sugar and 1 1/2 cups water in large saucepan over medium heat until sugar dissolves. Increase heat and bring to boil. Add kumquats; reduce heat to medium-low and s <END>
INPUT: French, souffle, butter, Parmesan, eggs, cream
OUTPUT: TITLE: Potato Souffle | CUISINE: French | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon butter; 2 tablespoons grated Parmesan (recommended: DiGiorno); 1 (3.6-ounce) packet instant roasted garlic mashed potatoes, made according to package directions and cooled completely (recommended: Betty Crocker); 4 eggs, separated; 3/4 cup cream; 1 tablespoon freshly snipped chives; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/4 teaspoon ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Butter bottom and sides of a 1 1/2-quart souffle dish. Add Parmesan to dish and roll dish to coat inside; set aside. In medium bowl, stir to combine cooled potatoes, egg yolks, cream, chives, salt and pepper; set aside. In another medium bowl, use an electric mixer to beat egg whites until stiff peaks form. Careful not to overbeat. Stir 1/3 of egg whites into potato mixture. Gently fold in remaining egg whites until just incorporated. Transfer to prepared souffle dish and bake in preheated oven 60 to 65 minutes, or until puffy and golden brown. Serve immediately. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, salsa, onion, garlic, jalapeno pepper, lime juice, Kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Avocado Salsa | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 small red onion, finely diced (about 1/4 cup); 1 small clove garlic, finely chopped (about 1 teaspoon); 1 small jalapeno pepper, finely diced (about 1 tablespoon); 2 tablespoons lime juice; Kosher salt; 2 avocados; 2 teaspoons extra-virgin olive oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine the onion, garlic, jalapeno, lime juice and 1/2 teaspoon salt in a bowl. Set aside. Peel and pit the avocados and cut into 1/2-inch pieces. Gently stir the avocado and oil into the bowl until the avocado is dressed. <END>
INPUT: soup, parsley, unsalted butter, onion, celery, carrot, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chestnut Soup With Fried Parsley | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1 medium onion, chopped; 1 stalk celery, chopped; 1 medium carrot, chopped; 1 clove garlic, chopped; Kosher salt; 4 cups low-sodium chicken broth; 1 bay leaf; 1 15-ounce jar roasted chestnuts; 1/2 cup heavy cream; 1 tablespoon dry sherry; 3 tablespoons unsalted butter; 2 cups cubed rustic bread, crusts removed; 1/2 teaspoon saffron threads (optional); Vegetable oil, for frying | INSTRUCTIONS: Make the soup: Melt the butter in a large saucepan over medium heat. Add the onion, celery, carrot, garlic and 1/2 teaspoon salt; cook, stirring, until soft, about 8 minutes. Add the chicken broth, 2 cups water and the bay leaf. Bring to a boil, then reduce the heat to medium low and simmer 5 minutes. Chop the chestnuts, add to the pan and simmer until the chestnuts and vegetables are tender, about 10 more minutes. Remove the bay leaf. Working in batches, puree the soup in a blender until smooth. Strain through a fine-mesh sieve into another saucepan and bring to a simmer over medium-high heat <END>
INPUT: Italian, mediterranean, salad, virgin olive oil, tomato paste, balsamic vinegar, garlic, plum tomatoes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mediterranean Pasta Salad with Olives and Capers | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 2 tablespoons tomato paste; 2 tablespoons balsamic vinegar; 2 garlic cloves, minced; 3 cups diced seeded plum tomatoes; 2 cups chopped fresh fennel (about 1 medium bulb); 1 cup chopped fresh basil; 6 green onions, chopped; 1/2 cup chopped pitted Kalamata olives; 1/4 cup drained capers; 16 ounces penne pasta | INSTRUCTIONS: Whisk olive oil, tomato paste, vinegar, and garlic in small bowl to blend. Season dressing with salt and pepper. Combine tomatoes, fennel, basil, onions, olives, and capers in large bowl. Sprinkle with salt and pepper. Let tomato mixture stand at least 30 minutes and up to 2 hours, tossing occasionally. Cook penne in large pot of boiling salted water until tender but still firm to bite, stirring occasionally. Drain pasta; rinse with cold water and drain again. Transfer pasta to large bowl. Pour dressing over and toss to coat. Add tomato mixture and toss to blend. Whisk olive oil, tomato paste, <END>
INPUT: torte, sugar, vegetable oil, whipping cream
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate-Almond Soufflé Torte | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup (about 5 ounces) whole almonds, toasted, cooled; 4 tablespoons plus 1/3 cup sugar; 2 tablespoons vegetable oil; 3/4 cup (1 1/2 sticks) unsalted butter; 1/2 cup whipping cream; 1 pound bittersweet (not unsweetened) or semisweet chocolate, finely chopped; 6 large eggs, separated, room temperature; 1 cup chilled whipping cream; 2 tablespoons amaretto or 1 teaspoon almond extract; Powdered sugar; 1/2 cup almond slices, toasted | INSTRUCTIONS: Position rack in center of oven and preheat to 350°F. Butter and flour 9-inch-diameter springform pan with 2 3/4-inch-high sides. Shake out excess flour. Line bottom of pan with parchment paper; butter paper. Combine 1/2 cup whole almonds and 2 tablespoons sugar in processor. Using on/off turns, grind nuts finely. Transfer mixture to large bowl. Combine remaining 1/2 cup whole almonds and vegetable oil in processor. Process until mixture is thick and pasty (consistency will be similar to that of peanut butter), scraping bowl frequently, about 3 minutes. Stir butter and 1/2 cup whipping cream i <END>
INPUT: Indian, moroccan, rubbed, Hungarian paprika, light sugar, cumin, cinnamon, ginger
OUTPUT: TITLE: Moroccan Spice Rubbed Leg of Lamb with Apricot Chutney | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup Hungarian paprika; 2 tablespoons light brown sugar; 1 tablespoon ground cumin; 1 tablespoon ground cinnamon; 2 teaspoons ground ginger; 2 teaspoons ground coriander; 4 cloves garlic, smashed to a paste; 1 teaspoon kosher salt; 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 1 boneless leg of lamb (7 pounds); Spice rub; 1/4 cup olive oil; Salt and freshly ground pepper; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1 large yellow onions, finely sliced | INSTRUCTIONS: Spice Rub: Mix all ingredients together in a small bowl; Lamb: Preheat grill to high and attach rotisserie. Brush the lamb with oil, season with salt and rub completely with spice rub. Sear the lamb on both sides until golden brown, about 5 to 6 minutes per side. Attach the lamb to the rotisserie and cook with the cover closed for 1 1/4 to 1 1/2 hours for medium rare doneness. Apricot Chutney: Preheat grill or side burner. Heat oil in a medium saucepan over medium-high heat. Add onions and cook until soft and lightly golden, approximately 6 to 7 minutes. Add garlic and ginger and jalapeno and  <END>
INPUT: Mexican, pepian, tomatillos, poblano pepper, olive oil, unsalted pumpkin seeds, peppercorns
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken Pepian | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound fresh tomatillos; 1 large poblano pepper (about 2 1/2 to 3 ounces), seeded and cut into 4 pieces; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1/2 cup raw unsalted pumpkin seeds; 5 peppercorns; 2 whole allspice; 1/2 teaspoon whole cumin seed; 1 medium onion, chopped; 4 cloves garlic, minced; 1 cup chopped fresh cilantro leaves, plus 1/4 cup for garnish; 1 cup low-sodium chicken broth; 1 medium (2-inch) jalapeno pepper, seeded and roughly chopped; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 4 (6-ounce) boneless skinless chicken breast halves, pounded to 1/2-inch thickness; Lime wedges | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the broiler. Remove papery outer layer from tomatillos then rinse them in warm water to remove some of their natural stickiness. Pat dry, then cut into quarters. Toss tomatillos and poblano with 2 teaspoons of the oil, place on a baking sheet and broil until charred, about 10 minutes. Heat a large saute pan over medium heat. Add pumpkin seeds, peppercorns, allspice, and cumin and toast until pumpkin seeds are fragrant, 3 to 4 minutes. Transfer to a plate. In same saute pan, heat 2 teaspoons oil over medium heat. Add onions and cook until soft and translucent, about 5 minutes, add the g <END>
INPUT: American, sandwich, aioli, mayonnaise, roasted garlic, Spanish paprika, cayenne pepper, lemon juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Softshell Crab Sandwich with Toasted Paprika Aioli | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup prepared mayonnaise; 6 cloves roasted garlic; 2 teaspoons Spanish paprika, toasted; Pinch of cayenne pepper; 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice; Salt and freshly ground pepper; 4 softshell crabs, cleaned; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 2 cups watercress, washed; 4 large crusty rolls | INSTRUCTIONS: Place the mayonnaise, garlic, toasted paprika, cayenne and lemon juice in a blender and blend until smooth. Preheat grill. Brush the crabs with the olive oil and season with salt and pepper to taste. Grill. Place 1 crab on each roll, spread with aioli and top with watercress. <END>
INPUT: Italian, cavatelli, brown, chicken stock, saffron, garlic, ricotta cheese, flour
OUTPUT: TITLE: Saffron Roast Garlic Cavatelli with Marsala Brown Butter | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cups chicken stock; 1 pinch saffron; 10 cloves garlic, roasted; 1/4 cup ricotta cheese; 6 cups flour; 3 tablespoons olive oil; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/2 teaspoon baking powder; 8 ounces butter, whole; 1 tablespoon garlic, minced; 1 tablespoon shallots, minced; 2 ounces Marsala wine; 1/2 tablespoon basil, chopped; 1/2 tablespoon parsley, chopped; 1 lemon, juiced | INSTRUCTIONS: For the saffron roast garlic cavatelli: In a small saucepan bring to a boil the chicken stock and saffron until the stock has a deep yellow color (about three minutes), remove from heat. In a food processor, using the plastic blade, add the roasted garlic, ricotta cheese, flour, olive oil, salt, and baking powder and pulse one or two times. Then add one half the hot saffron stock and begin to process and continue to add hot stock until a dough is formed. (Note that it may not require half the stock.) When dough is ready, follow the instructions on the cavatelli maker box for processing pasta.  <END>
INPUT: kosher salt, fine quick grits, half half, unsalted butter, aged sharp Cheddar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Creamy Cheddar Grits | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 teaspoons kosher salt; 1 cup fine quick-cooking grits (not instant); 1 1/4 cups half-and-half; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1 1/2 cups grated aged sharp Cheddar cheese (4 ounces); 1/2 cup chopped scallions, white and green parts (4 scallions); 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; Grated Cheddar and chopped scallions, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring 4 cups of water to a boil in a heavy 4-quart saucepan. Add the salt, then slowly add the grits in a thin, steady stream, stirring constantly with a wooden spoon. Reduce the heat to low and simmer, stirring occasionally, until the grits thicken, about 5 to 7 minutes. Add the half-and-half and butter to the grits and stir. The mixture will seem thin but it will thicken as it cooks. Bring to a simmer, stirring occasionally. Cover the pot, reduce the heat to low, and cook, stirring occasionally for 45 minutes, until very smooth and creamy. Off the heat, stir in the Cheddar, scallions, and pe <END>
INPUT: Italian, crusted, peppers, fingerling potatoes skin, bell pepper, Italian mild pepper, skinned onion, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Parmesan Crusted Chicken Breasts with Tomato and Basil and Potatoes with Peppers and Onions | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 to 2 pounds fingerling potatoes or red skin baby potatoes; 1 small red bell pepper, seeded and cut into thin strips; 1 Italian mild green pepper, cubanelle, seeded and thinly sliced; 1 medium yellow skinned onion, thinly sliced; 4 large cloves garlic, cracked away from skin; 1 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes; 1/4 cup tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, divided; Coarse salt and pepper; 2 cups shredded Parmesan, available in tubs near deli -- make sure to get shredded cheese, not grated; 4 (6 to 8-ounce) boneless, skinless chicken breasts; 4 plum Roma tomatoes or small, vine ripe tomatoes, seeded and chopped; 15 to 20 leaves fresh basil, pile leaves, roll then thinly slice -- chiffonade | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat oven to 500 degrees F. Cut fingerling potatoes into halves or quarters, depending on thickness of fingerlings -- thin, small fingerlings may also be left hole, larger potatoes should be quartered to speed cooking process. If you are using small red potatoes, halve or quarter them in the same way. Cover a large cookie sheet with foil. Place potatoes on cookie sheet. Combine with peppers and onions, garlic and crushed red pepper flakes. Coat the potatoes, peppers and onions with extra-virgin olive oil just enough to coat vegetables in a thin layer, 2 to 3 t <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, john, citrus, virgin olive oil, butter, savoy cabbage, chicken stock, Salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: John's Citrus Fish, Savoy Cabbage and Couscous with Peas and Chives | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, divided, plus extra for drizzling; 3 tablespoons butter, divided; 1 small savoy cabbage, 1 1/4 pounds, quartered then shredded; 2 cups chicken stock; Salt and pepper; 2 grapefruits or 4 oranges, grated zest from 1 grapefruit or 2 oranges; 4 (8-ounce) red snapper fillets, skin scored; 1 large shallot, thinly sliced; 1/2 cup dry white wine; 1 1/2 cups couscous; 1 cup green peas; 2 tablespoons chopped or snipped fresh chives, 10 to 12 blades | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat a large skillet over medium-high heat with 1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil, 1 turn of the pan and 1 tablespoon butter. When butter melts into oil, add the cabbage and cook 2 to 3 minutes to wilt it down a bit. Season with salt and pepper and add 1/2 cup chicken stock to the skillet. Reduce heat to medium low and cook 10 minutes, stirring occasionally. Cut ends off citrus, either grapefruit or oranges. Stand the citrus upright and trim away peel in strips with a small sharp knife cutting from top to bottom, spinning the citrus around as you work. Once cleaned of skins, cut the sections <END>
INPUT: Mexican, mojo, charred, Salt pepper, purple potatoes, Olive oil, corn
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mojo Marinated Chicken with Grilled Purple Potatoes and Charred Corn and Black Bean Salsa with Grill | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2 pounds boneless, skinless chicken breast; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 6 medium purple potatoes, sliced; Olive oil; 1 ear corn, kernels cut from cob; 1 small white onion, chopped; 6 cloves garlic, minced; 1 can black beans, drained and rinsed; 1 small green pepper, cored, seeded and sliced; 1 jalapeno, seeded and sliced; 4 Roma tomatoes, chopped; 1 bunch cilantro, leaves roughly chopped; 1 lemon, halved; 1 lime, halved; 4 flour tortillas | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat a grill or grill pan on medium heat. Season the chicken with salt and pepper, to taste, and grill until golden brown on each side and cooked through, about 4 minutes per side. Transfer the chicken to a cutting board. Put the potatoes in a small pot of water over medium heat and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat and simmer for just a few minutes until potatoes are cooked, but not soft. Drain the potatoes and add them to a bowl. Add some olive oil and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Toss the potatoes to coat with the oil. Put on the grill and cook for 1 minute on each side. Remove  <END>
INPUT: leg lamb, tapenade, garlic, rosemary leaves, Fine sea salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tapenade-Stuffed Leg of Lamb | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 to 4 pounds boneless leg of lamb; 1/4 cup tapenade; 3 garlic cloves, sliced; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh rosemary leaves; Fine sea salt and freshly ground black pepper to taste | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350°F. Oil a roasting pan just large enough to hold the lamb. Place a rack in the pan. Stuff the lamb Unroll the lamb and spread the boned-out side with the tapenade. Roll up the lamb tightly. Tie it at 2-inch intervals with kitchen twine. With a small, sharp knife, cut slits 2 or 3 inches apart in the top of the roast. Push the garlic slices into the slits. Sprinkle the roast all over with the rosemary, salt, and pepper. Roast the lamb for about 1 hour and 15 minutes. To check for doneness, insert an instant-read thermometer in the thickest part of the meat. For medium-rar <END>
INPUT: spanish, olive oil, onion, Anaheim pepper, rice, paprika
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spanish Fried Rice | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 tablespoons olive oil; 1 medium onion, diced; 2 Anaheim pepper, diced; 4 cups cooked white rice; 1/2 teaspoon paprika; 1/2 teaspoon chili powder; 2 cloves garlic, minced; 6 ounces tomato sauce; 4 Roma tomatoes, chopped; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 bunch green onion, chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat oil in skillet over medium heat. Add onion and peppers and cook for 1 minute. Add rice and toss to coat well in the oil. Adds the paprika, chili powder and garlic. Cook tossing for 1 minute. Slowly add tomato sauce and tomatoes, in small increments, cooking off the liquid. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. When the rice is cooked and has nice red color and none or very little liquid remains, remove to a bowl or plate and garnish with green onions. <END>
INPUT: crab, piquillo, smoked paprika, vegetable oil, egg yolk, sherry vinegar, Juice lemon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Crab-Stuffed Piquillo Peppers | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon smoked paprika; 1/2 cup vegetable oil; 1 large egg yolk; 1 tablespoon sherry vinegar; Juice of 1 lemon; Kosher salt; For the peppers:; 3 tablespoons mayonnaise; 3 tablespoons creme fraiche; 2 teaspoons dijon mustard; 1 teaspoon fresh lemon juice; 1/4 cup grated manchego cheese; 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh parsley; 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh chives; 1 large egg, lightly beaten | INSTRUCTIONS: Make the aioli: Heat the paprika and vegetable oil in a small saucepan over low heat. When hot, remove the pan from the heat and allow the oil to steep at room temperature, 20 minutes. Transfer to a small bowl and refrigerate at least 1 hour. Combine the egg yolk, vinegar and lemon juice in a food processor or blender; process until smooth and frothy. With the machine running, slowly pour in the paprika-infused oil and process until the desired consistency is reached. Season with salt. (The aioli can be made up to 3 days ahead; refrigerate in an airtight container.) Make the filling for the pe <END>
INPUT: fingerlings, fingerling potatoes, olive oil, rosemary, Kosher salt, preserved lemon peel
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Fingerlings with Preserved Lemon | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 pounds fingerling potatoes, halved lengthwise; 3 tablespoons olive oil; 2 teaspoons chopped fresh rosemary; Kosher salt, freshly ground pepper; 3 tablespoons thinly sliced preserved lemon peel | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 450°F. Toss potatoes, oil, and rosemary on a large rimmed baking sheet; season with salt and pepper. Roast, tossing halfway through, until soft and golden brown, 25–30 minutes. Toss warm potatoes with preserved lemon peel. Preheat oven to 450°F. Toss potatoes, oil, and rosemary on a large rimmed baking sheet; season with salt and pepper. Roast, tossing halfway through, until soft and golden brown, 25–30 minutes. Toss warm potatoes with preserved lemon peel. <END>
INPUT: butter, leek, celery, wild cultivated mushrooms, herbs de Provence
OUTPUT: TITLE: Wild Mushroom Stuffed Turkey Breast with Cranberry Coulis | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon butter; 1 leek, cleaned and sliced; 1 rib celery, diced; 2 cups sliced wild cultivated mushrooms (chanterelles, porcinis, creminis, etc.); 2 teaspoons herbs de Provence; 2 tablespoon shallots, chopped; 1 cup chicken stock; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 cups toasted bread crumbs; 1/2 boneless turkey breast, about 2 1/2 pounds; Cranberry Coulis, recipe follows; 1 (12 ounce) bag cranberries; 1 cup sugar; 1 1/2 cups water; 1/2 teaspoon ground cloves | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F. Heat a large saute pan, add butter, and add the leeks and celery. Saute for 3 minutes and add the mushrooms. Cook until the mushrooms are tender, about 5 minutes and add the herbs and shallots, cooking for 2 more minutes. Add the stock and bring to a simmer. Season with salt and pepper, and pour over the bread crumbs in a mixing bowl. Mix well and cool. Butterfly the turkey breast open with a sharp boning knife. Using a meat mallet, pound the meat to expand it and make it of an even thickness. Spoon the stuffing lengthwise across the breast and roll up, tucking i <END>
INPUT: tunisian, olive oil, onions, leek, carrots, peppers
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tunisian Tripe | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3/8 cup olive oil; 2 onions, finely sliced; 1 leek, cut into 1/4-inch slices; 2 medium carrots, cut into 1/4-inch slices; 2 red peppers, sliced into 1/2-inch strips; 2 garlic cloves, crushed; 1 1/4 pounds tomatoes, peeled and cut into chunks; Salt, black pepper; 1 teaspoon cumin; 2 teaspoons paprika; 1 sprig thyme; 1 bay leaf; 1 1/4 pounds tripe, cut into 2-inch squares; 1 pickled pigs foot, if not available can use fresh; 6 bacon slices, rinds removed | INSTRUCTIONS: Coat the base of a pan on the heat with olive oil. Add the onions and allow them to fry gently. Add the leek, carrot, and red peppers. Toss the vegetables together and add the crushed garlic and the tomatoes. Season with salt, pepper, cumin and paprika and add the sprig of thyme and bay leaf. Allow the vegetable mixture to cook gently for 2 minutes. Blanch the tripe. To blanch, place it in cold salted water and bring gradually to the boil. The moment it boils, pour off the water. Drain and add with the pigs foot to the vegetable mixture. Cover with bacon slices. Place a lid on the pan and allo <END>
INPUT: lobsters, chanterelles, Fingerlings, macaroni, base broth
OUTPUT: TITLE: Braised Lobster | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2- 1 1/4 pound lobsters; 3 ounces chanterelles; 3 ounces Fingerlings; 3 ounces macaroni; 3 ounces base broth; 2 tablespoons butter; Salt and pepper to taste; 1 cup onions; sliced bay leaves; 1 bunch thyme; 3 cloves garlic- peeled and cut in half; Bunch of oregano- pick leaves, save stems; 1 quart shallots; 2 bunches of thyme; 3 quarts lobster shells | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook lobster (either steam, boil or broil) for 12 minutes- shock in an ice bath to stop cooking. Remove meat from tail. Cut tail in half. Crack claws and remove meat. For chanterelles, clean well, cut down to size. Saute with shallots. Season with salt and pepper. Drain well and reserve liquid. Cool. For Fingerlings cook with thyme, bay leaves, onion and garlic. Cook Macaroni for 10 to 11 minutes. Blanch and shock, toss in olive oil.; Put all ingredients in a large pot at medium heat. Reduce by 60 per cent. Strain. Once reduced and strained place broth in saute pan and bring to a simmer. Add l <END>
INPUT: Italian, wild, oyster, olive oil, shallots, rosemary, thyme
OUTPUT: TITLE: Yellow Tomatoes Stuffed with Grilled Wild Mushrooms and Parmesan Cheese | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup sliced oyster, shiitake, or portobello mushrooms (domestic or imported); 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1 tablespoon minced shallots; 1/4 teaspoon chopped fresh rosemary; 1/4 teaspoon chopped fresh thyme; 4 perfectly ripe yellow (or red) medium-size beefsteak tomatoes; 1/4 cup fresh grated Parmesan cheese; 1 handful mixed baby greens; Sweet Shallot Vinaigrette | INSTRUCTIONS: In a medium bowl, combine the mushrooms with the olive oil, shallots, rosemary, and thyme; let sit for about 10 minutes. Light a fire in a charcoal or gas grill. Using tongs, remove the mushrooms from the marinade and grill until slightly softened and browned, about 2 minutes on each side. Set them aside. (You can also complete this step ahead of time, refrigerate the mushrooms, and then bring them to room temperature when you're ready to stuff the tomatoes.) Meanwhile, prepare the tomatoes so that you can use them to serve your salad in. Preheat the oven to 325° F. Using a sharp knife, slice  <END>
INPUT: napoleon, granulated sugar, egg yolks, heavy cream, milk, dark chocolate
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate Coconut Napoleon | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/3 cup granulated sugar; 6 large egg yolks; 2 cups heavy cream; 2 cups whole milk; 13 ounces dark chocolate, finely chopped; 1/4 cup Grand Marnier; 3 1/4 cups shredded sweetened coconut; 1 cup plus 2 tablespoons granulated sugar; 4 large eggs; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted | INSTRUCTIONS: CHOCOLATE SAUCE FOR GARNISH: Prepare the chocolate cream: The base of the chocolate cream is a creme anglaise, which is poured over chocolate to make a ganache. Pour half of the sugar into a small mixing bowl and set the remaining sugar aside. Add the egg yolks and whisk until well combined. The mixture should be thick, smooth, and homogenous. Pour the heavy cream, milk, and remaining sugar into a non-reactive 3-quart heavy-bottomed saucepan, place it over medium-high heat, and bring to a boil. Temper the egg mixture with the hot mixture by carefully pouring about 1/3 of the hot mixture into t <END>
INPUT: sabayon, egg yolks, powdered sugar, saba, water, whipping cream
OUTPUT: TITLE: Raspberries with Saba Sabayon | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 large egg yolks; 1/4 cup powdered sugar; 4 tablespoons saba*; 2 tablespoons water; 1/2 cup chilled whipping cream; 12 ounces fresh raspberries | INSTRUCTIONS: Whisk egg yolks, sugar, saba, and 2 tablespoons water to blend in top of double boiler over barely simmering water (do not allow upper pot to touch water); whisk constantly until mixture thickens and thermometer registers 160°F, about 4 minutes. Place top of double boiler over large bowl filled with ice; continue whisking until mixture cools, about 3 minutes. Whip cream in small bowl until soft peaks form; fold into saba mixture. Cover sabayon with plastic wrap and refrigerate until cold, at least 1 hour and up to 4 hours. Divide raspberries among dessert coupes. Spoon sabayon over and serve.  <END>
INPUT: streusel, squares, Pillsbury BEST® All, quick oats, firmly light sugar, cinnamon, baking soda
OUTPUT: TITLE: Caramel Apple Streusel Squares | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 1/4 cups Pillsbury BEST® All Purpose Flour; 1 1/3 cups quick-cooking oats; 2/3 cup firmly packed light brown sugar; 1 tsp. ground cinnamon; 3/4 tsp. baking soda; 3/4 tsp. salt; 1/4 tsp. ground nutmeg; 1 cup cold butter, cut up; 5 medium cooking apples, peeled, cored and thinly sliced; 1 (14 oz.) can Eagle Brand® Sweetened Condensed Milk; 1 (12 1/4 oz.) jar Smucker's® Caramel Flavored Topping, divided; 1 cup chopped walnuts; Vanilla ice cream | INSTRUCTIONS: HEAT oven to 350 degrees F. Combine flour, oats, brown sugar, cinnamon, baking soda, salt and nutmeg in large bowl. Cut in butter with pastry blender or two knives until mixture resembles coarse crumbs. Reserve 1 3/4 cups crumb mixture; press remaining crumb mixture onto bottom of an ungreased 13 x 9-inch baking pan. Bake 15 minutes. ARRANGE apples over partially baked crust. Mix sweetened condensed milk and 1/2 cup caramel topping until blended. Pour evenly over apples. Add walnuts to reserved crumb mixture; sprinkle over apple layer. BAKE 45 to 50 minutes or until apples are tender. Cool in  <END>
INPUT: dilled, vegetable oil, halibut fillets, dill, sake, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sake-Steamed Halibut with Dilled Carrots | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Nonstick vegetable oil spray; 2 10- to 12-ounce halibut fillets (each about 1 1/2 inches thick); 4 teaspoons chopped fresh dill; 1 750-ml bottle sake; 3 1/2-inch-thick onion slices; 2 cups thinly sliced peeled carrots; 2 garlic cloves, peeled, halved; 1 teaspoon butter | INSTRUCTIONS: Spray steamer rack with nonstick spray. Sprinkle both sides of halibut with salt and pepper, then sprinkle top of fillets with 2 teaspoons dill; place fish on prepared steamer rack. Combine sake and onion in large pot; bring to boil. Continue to boil 2 minutes. Add carrots and garlic to pot; return to boil. Place steamer rack with fish over liquid in pot. Cover pot tightly and steam fish until just opaque in center, about 8 minutes. Transfer fish to platter. Cut each fillet crosswise in half; cover with foil. Discard onion. Using slotted spoon, transfer carrots and garlic to small bowl; mix in <END>
INPUT: American, chocolate wafer cookie, unsalted butter, sugar, half half
OUTPUT: TITLE: Ultimate Mud Pie | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cups chocolate wafer cookie crumbs; 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, plus more for the pie pan; 1 tablespoon sugar; 3 cups half-and-half; 2/3 cup sugar; 1/8 teaspoon salt; 1/4 cup cornstarch; 4 large egg yolks; 5 ounces high-quality bittersweet or semisweet chocolate, finely chopped; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract; 1 cup heavy cream; 2 tablespoons confectioners' sugar; 1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract; 2 tablespoons chocolate wafer crumbs, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: 1 Position a rack in the center of the oven and preheat the oven to 350°F. Lightly butter a 9-inch pie pan. 2 To make the crust, combine the crumbs, melted butter, and sugar in a medium bowl until moistened. Press firmly and evenly into the pie pan. Bake until the crust is set and smells like warm cookies, about 12 minutes. Cool completely. 3 To make the filling, in a medium saucepan over medium heat, heat 2 1/2 cups of the half-and-half, the sugar, and the salt, stirring often to dissolve the sugar, until simmering. Pour into a heatproof bowl. Rinse out the saucepan. 4 In a small bowl, sprink <END>
INPUT: biscuits, all purpose flour, baking powder, granulated sugar, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cinnamon Sugar Biscuits | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups all-purpose flour; 1 tablespoon baking powder; 2 tablespoons granulated sugar; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1 1/4 sticks (1/2 cup plus 2 tablespoons) unsalted butter, 1 stick cold and cut into 1/2-inch cubes and 2 tablespoons melted; 1 large egg; 1/2 cup well-shaken chilled buttermilk; 3 tablespoons turbinado sugar such as Sugar in the Raw; 3/4 teaspoon cinnamon; Special equipment: parchment paper; a 2 1/2-inch round biscuit cutter; Accompaniments: softened butter and jam | INSTRUCTIONS: Put oven rack in middle position and preheat oven to 400°F. Line a large baking sheet with parchment paper. Whisk together flour, baking powder, granulated sugar, and salt in a bowl. Blend in butter cubes with your fingertips or a pastry blender until mixture resembles coarse meal. Stir together egg and buttermilk in another bowl, then add to flour mixture, stirring with a fork until a dough forms. Gather dough into a ball, then turn out onto a floured surface and gently knead 7 or 8 times. Roll out dough with a floured rolling pin into a 1/2-inch-thick round and cut out as many biscuits as po <END>
INPUT: Asian, soup, mustard, beef shank, vegetable oil, piece ginger, garlic, onions
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sichuan Beef Noodle Soup with Pickled Mustard Greens | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 5 pounds boneless beef shank; 1/4 cup vegetable oil; 1 2 1/2-inch piece fresh ginger, peeled, cut into 1/3-inch-thick rounds, each smashed with flat side of knife; 3 large garlic cloves, coarsely chopped; 2 cups chopped onions; 2 1/2 tablespoons chili bean paste (Sichuan hot bean paste; dou ban jiang); 3 whole green onions, trimmed, plus 2 cups chopped green onions (for garnish); 1/2 cup (or more) soy sauce (do not use low-sodium); 2 tablespoons (or more) salt; 6 whole star anise; 2 1 1/2-inch cubes Chinese yellow rock sugar (about 2 1/2 ounces) or 2 1/2 tablespoons sugar; 1/2 tablespoon Sichuan peppercorns; 2 large plum tomatoes (about 8 ounces), each cut into 4 wedges; Freshly ground white pepper or black pepper; 1 pound eggless Chinese wheat noodles (Shandong la mian) | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring large pot of water to boil over high heat. Add beef; return water to boil. Reduce heat. Simmer until beef is brown on outside, turning occasionally, about 8 minutes; drain. Rinse beef under cold water until cool; cut into 1 1/2-inch cubes. Wipe out pot. Heat 1/4 cup oil in same pot over medium-high heat. Add ginger and garlic. Sauté 1 minute. Add chopped onions; sauté until translucent, about 3 minutes. Add chili bean paste; stir 30 seconds. Add 16 cups water, whole green onions, 1/2 cup soy sauce, 2 tablespoons salt, star anise, and rock sugar. Mix in beef. Tie peppercorns in cheeseclot <END>
INPUT: Italian, Kosher salt, virgin olive oil, onion, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sausage-Spinach Stuffed Shells | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: Kosher salt; 8 ounces (20 to 24) jumbo pasta shells; 1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil, plus more for drizzling and brushing; 1 small onion, finely chopped; 2 cloves garlic, minced; 1/2 pound hot Italian sausage, casings removed; 1 10-ounce package frozen spinach, thawed and squeezed dry; Freshly ground pepper; 1 15-ounce container ricotta cheese; 2 cups shredded mozzarella cheese; 1/2 cup grated parmesan cheese; 1/4 cup chopped fresh parsley; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1 clove garlic, minced; 2 tablespoons all-purpose flour | INSTRUCTIONS: Make the stuffed shells: Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add the pasta shells and cook until just slightly softened but still firm, about 7 minutes. Drain and rinse under cold water. Drizzle with olive oil and toss; set aside. Heat the olive oil in a large nonstick skillet over medium-high heat. Add the onion and cook, stirring occasionally, until soft, about 4 minutes. Add the garlic and cook, stirring, 30 seconds. Add the sausage and cook, breaking it up with a wooden spoon, until browned, about 5 minutes. Add the spinach, 1/2 teaspoon salt, and pepper to taste and stir until he <END>
INPUT: Mexican, salad, squid, quick court bouillon, lime juice, virgin olive oil, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Poached Squid Salad with Lime and Jicama | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 pounds squid, cleaned and sliced; 1 recipe quick court bouillon; 1/4 cup lime juice; 3/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/4 teaspoon freshly-ground pepper; 1 jicama, peeled and cut into julienne; 1 red pepper, minced; 2 serrano chiles, stemmed, seeded if desired and minced; 6 scallions, sliced thinly; 2 Italian Roma tomatoes, seeded and diced; 1/2 bunch cilantro, washed and chopped; 1 head Romaine lettuce, washed, separated into leaves, and dried; 1 quart cold water; 1 onion, chopped coarsely | INSTRUCTIONS: Place squid in medium saucepan. Strain hot court bouillon over the squid. Turn heat on low so that liquid steams but does not simmer, for 1 minute. Taste a squid ring: it should be just opaque and tender. If still chewy and translucent, cook for another 30 seconds to 1 minute but no longer. Drain squid and place in large bowl. Place lime juice in small bowl and drizzle in olive oil while whisking so as to form an emulsion. Pour vinaigrette over squid and stir to combine. Add all remaining ingredients except cilantro and lettuce, and stir well. Can be served immediately or held up to one day in <END>
INPUT: Italian, Rotelle pasta, pesto, tomato sauce, cream
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pesto and Pasta | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 pound Rotelle pasta; 6 tablespoons pesto; 2 cups tomato sauce; 1/4 cup cream | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook Rotelle according to package directions. Drain and add 3 tablespoons of pesto. Toss to coat. Set aside. In saucepan combine remaining pesto and tomato sauce. Stir until mixed. Add cream and stir well. Pour over pasta and serve.; <END>
INPUT: Kosher salt pepper, virgin olive oil, link andouille sausage, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Beer-Braised Chicken Thighs | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 8 pieces bone-in, skin-on chicken thighs; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil; 1 link andouille sausage, casing removed and chopped, or 4 slices bacon, chopped; 1 onion, chopped; 2 ribs celery, chopped; 1 green bell pepper, seeded and chopped; 2 to 3 cloves garlic, chopped; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh thyme; 1 rounded tablespoon all-purpose flour; 1 (12-ounce) bottle lager beer; 1 (14-ounce) can diced tomatoes with chiles or stewed tomatoes; 1 cup chicken stock; 2 tablespoons hot sauce; Scallions, white and green parts, thinly sliced, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Pat the chicken thighs dry, and season with salt and pepper. Heat 1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil in a Dutch oven over medium-high heat, add the chicken and brown on both sides in 2 batches. Remove the chicken to a plate and spoon out 1/2 the drippings, and add the andouille sausage. Brown for 2 minutes and then add the onion, celery, pepper, garlic, and thyme, and cook to soften, for about 10 minutes over medium heat. Add the flour, stir 1 to 2 minutes, and then pour in the beer and let the foam subside. Stir in the tomatoes, stock, and hot sauce. Let the sauce thicken a bit, and then sli <END>
INPUT: shell, smooth peanut butter, virgin virgin coconut, Chocolate
OUTPUT: TITLE: Peanut Butter Shell | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup smooth peanut butter; 1/4 cup virgin or extra-virgin coconut oil or vegetable shortening; Chocolate, strawberry or Neapolitan ice cream | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine the peanut butter and coconut oil in a microwave-safe medium bowl, and microwave for 30-second increments, stirring after each, until smooth and runny. Let cool at room temperature for a few minutes. When ready to serve, pour the coating over the ice cream, and let it harden. <END>
INPUT: mash, celeriacs, potatoes, onion, butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Celeriac Mash | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 celeriacs, peeled and roughly cut; 2 potatoes, peeled and roughly cut; 1 onion, large dice, divided; 2 tablespoons butter | INSTRUCTIONS: In a small sauce pot place celeriac, add water to cover. In separate pot place potato with water to cover. Place half the onion in each pot and simmer until each is fork tender. Strain liquid and place all ingredients in a food processor. Puree until mash has a smooth consistency. Season with salt and pepper to taste. <END>
INPUT: onions, mayonnaise, flat leaf parsley, dill
OUTPUT: TITLE: Bagel Chip Dip | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 (16 ounce) container sour cream; 1 cup finely chopped green onions; 3/4 cup mayonnaise; 1/4 cup chopped flat-leaf parsley; 2 tablespoons chopped dill; 3 tablespoons seasoned salt; 2 bags bagel chips | INSTRUCTIONS: In a medium bowl, combine sour cream, green onions, mayonnaise, parsley, dill, and seasoned salt. Serve with bagel chips. <END>
INPUT: salad, bell peppers, honey, Dijon mustard, balsamic vinegar, virgin olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spinach and Roasted Red Pepper Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 red bell peppers; 1 teaspoon honey; 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard; 1 tablespoon balsamic vinegar; 2 1/2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1/2 pound fresh baby spinach (about 8 cups packed) | INSTRUCTIONS: Quick-roast and peel pepper . Cut roasted peppers into 1/2-inch-wide strips. In a small bowl whisk together honey, mustard, and vinegar. Add oil in a slow stream, whisking until emulsified, and season with salt and black pepper. Roasted peppers and vinaigrette may be prepared 2 days ahead and chilled separately, covered. In a large bowl toss roasted peppers and spinach with vinaigrette and salt and black pepper to taste. Quick-roast and peel pepper . Cut roasted peppers into 1/2-inch-wide strips. In a small bowl whisk together honey, mustard, and vinegar. Add oil in a slow stream, whisking unt <END>
INPUT: American, vegetable oil, beef chuck, Kosher salt pepper, onions, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Bean-and-Beef Chili | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 to 4 tablespoons vegetable oil, plus more as needed; 3 pounds boneless beef chuck, cut into 3/4-inch pieces; Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper; 2 large onions, chopped; 8 cloves garlic, chopped; 1/3 cup plus 2 tablespoons chili powder; 1 teaspoon dried oregano; 2 tablespoons tomato paste; 1 28-ounce can whole plum tomatoes, coarsely crushed with your hands; 1 3/4 cups low-sodium beef broth; 1/3 cup brewed espresso or strong coffee; 2 15-ounce cans pinto beans, drained and rinsed; Shredded cheddar cheese, sour cream and/or diced avocado, for topping | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat 1/2 tablespoon vegetable oil in a large pot over medium-high heat. Pat the beef dry and season with salt and pepper. Brown in batches, about 4 minutes, adding more oil as needed. Transfer to a plate. Reduce the heat to medium and add 1 1/2 tablespoons oil to the pot. Add the onions and garlic; cook, stirring, until golden, about 6 minutes. Add 1/3 cup chili powder, the oregano and tomato paste; cook, stirring, 30 seconds. Return the meat to the pot and stir in the tomatoes with their juices, broth, espresso and pinto beans. Bring to a boil, then reduce the heat and simmer, partially cover <END>
INPUT: American, sandwich, solid tuna water, mayonnaise, bread
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tuna Sandwich | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 small can solid white tuna packed in water, drained well; 3 to 4 tablespoons mayonnaise; 2 slices white bread | INSTRUCTIONS: In a small bowl mash tuna with mayonnaise to taste to a smooth paste. Spread on bread and wrap securely in foil. Let sandwich sit 2 hours until mayonnaise has softened bread. Slice in half and serve with a glass of cold milk.; <END>
INPUT: crust, olive oil, shallots, balsamic vinegar, fine bread crumbs, thyme leaves thyme
OUTPUT: TITLE: Rack of Lamb with Caramelized Shallot and Thyme Crust | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 tablespoons olive oil; 3 large shallots, chopped (about 1/2 cup); 3 tablespoons balsamic vinegar; 1/2 cup fine fresh bread crumbs; 1 1/2 tablespoons chopped fresh thyme leaves or 2 teaspoons dried thyme, crumbled; a frenched rack of lamb (7 or 8 ribs) at room temperature, trimmed of as much fat as possible; 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard; Accompaniments if desired: Stir-Fried Spinach with Ginger and Garlic and Gruyere Potato Gratin | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 400°F. In a small skillet heat oil over moderate heat until hot but not smoking and cook shallots with salt and pepper to taste, stirring, until golden, about 5 minutes. Add vinegar and boil until liquid is evaporated. Remove skillet from heat and stir in bread crumbs, thyme, and salt and pepper to taste. Season lamb with salt and pepper and arrange, ribs side down, in a small roasting pan. Spread meat side with mustard and pat on crumb mixture evenly. Roast lamb in middle of oven until a meat thermometer registers 135°F. for medium-rare, 25 to 30 minutes. Carefully transfer la <END>
INPUT: Indian, tostadas, refried, pinto beans, onion, oregano, garlic, chipotle chiles adobo
OUTPUT: TITLE: Coriander Chicken Tostadas with Refried Beans and Grilled Fennel | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 2 15-ounce cans pinto beans (preferably organic), liquid drained and reserved; 1/2 cup chopped white onion; 2 tablespoons dried oregano; 2 garlic cloves, peeled; 2 teaspoons minced canned chipotle chiles in adobo; 1 teaspoon ground cumin; 1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil; Coarse kosher salt; 1 large fresh fennel bulb, trimmed, cut through core into 1/3-inch-thick slices (some slices will separate); 6 tablespoons safflower oil, divided; 4 skinless boneless chicken breast halves; 1/3 cup coriander seeds (about 1 ounce), coarsely crushed in plastic bag; 6 purchased corn tostada shells; 3 cups thinly sliced romaine lettuce; 6 radishes, trimmed, thinly sliced | INSTRUCTIONS: For beans Place beans and next 5 ingredients in processor; blend to chunky puree. Heat oil in heavy large saucepan over medium heat. Add bean mixture and 1/2 cup reserved bean liquid. Stir over medium- low heat until warmed through, adding more bean liquid if dry, about 5 minutes. Season with coarse salt and freshly ground black pepper. DO AHEAD: Can be made 1 day ahead. Cover; chill. Rewarm before using. Place beans and next 5 ingredients in processor; blend to chunky puree. Heat oil in heavy large saucepan over medium heat. Add bean mixture and 1/2 cup reserved bean liquid. Stir over medium- <END>
INPUT: dandelion, gumbo, virgin olive oil, rice, chicken vegetable stock, thyme, butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Dandelion Green Gumbo with Good Thyme Rice | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, divided; 1 cup white rice, such as Carolina brand; 6 cups chicken or vegetable stock; 4 to 5 sprigs fresh thyme; 2 tablespoons butter; 4 cloves garlic, finely chopped; 3 to 4 ribs celery from the heart, chopped with greens; 1 red bell pepper, chopped; 1 large yellow onion, chopped; Salt and pepper; 1 teaspoon sweet paprika, 1/3 palm full; 1 bay leaf, fresh or dried; 3 tablespoons all-purpose flour; 1 bottle pale beer; 3 to 6 teaspoons hot sauce (recommended: Frank's Red Hot) medium to spicy heat level | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat a sauce pot over medium heat. Add 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil and rice. Toast rice 2 minutes, add 2 cups stock and thyme sprigs and bring to a boil. Cover the pot, reduce heat to simmer and cook 18 minutes or until tender. Heat a soup pot over medium to medium high heat. Add 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, 2 turns of the pan, and 2 tablespoons butter to the pot. When butter melts into oil, add garlic, celery, bell pepper and onion and season with salt, pepper and paprika. Cook to soften veggies, 5 minutes. Add bay leaf and flour and cook the flour another minute. Stir in th <END>
INPUT: pudding, root beer candies, nonfat milk powder, cornstarch, kosher salt, milk
OUTPUT: TITLE: Root Beer Pudding | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup root beer candies (about 14 candies total)*; 2 tablespoons nonfat milk powder*; 1 1/2 tablespoons cornstarch; 1/8 teaspoon kosher salt; 3/4 cup whole milk; 2/3 cup root beer soda; 1 1/2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 3 large egg yolks; Nonstick vegetable-oil spray; 3/4 cup plus 2 tablespoons sugar; 1/4 cup glucose syrup*; 3 tablespoons water; 1 tablespoon unsalted butter; 7 ounces raw or roasted unsalted cashews; 1/2 teaspoon smoked or kosher salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Make the Root Beer Pudding: In a commercial blender, grind 1/2 cup root beer candies, the milk powder, cornstarch, and salt into a powder. In a medium saucepan over moderate heat, bring the whole milk and root beer soda to a simmer. Carefully add the hot mixture to the powder in the blender, and with the blender on low, process for 1 minute. Add the butter and egg yolks, then gradually increase the blender speed to high and blend until smooth, about 1 minute. Carefully pour the hot pudding back into the medium saucepan, place over moderate heat, and cook, whisking vigorously, until it comes to <END>
INPUT: Italian, spaghetti squash, mild curry powder, shallots, cilantro
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Spaghetti Squash with Curry-Shallot Butter | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 spaghetti squash (about 2 1/2 pounds); 4 tablespoons (1/2 stick) unsalted butter, at room temperature; 2 teaspoons mild curry powder; 2 teaspoons minced shallots; 1 teaspoon minced fresh cilantro; 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt, plus more if needed; Finely grated zest of 1/2 lemon; Freshly ground black pepper; 1/3 cup toasted pine nuts (about 1 1/2 ounces) | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper. With a sharp knife, carefully cut about four 1/2-inch slits in the squash to allow steam to escape while it cooks. Put the squash on the prepared baking sheet and roast for about 1 1/2 hours. Let the squash cool for about 20 minutes on the baking sheet. Meanwhile, in a small bowl, with a fork, mash the butter, curry powder, shallots, cilantro, salt, lemon zest and pepper to taste until well combined. Cut the squash in half and use a spoon to scoop out the seeds. With a large fork, pull the squash fibers away from the  <END>
INPUT: turkey breast, Salt pepper, Olive oil brushing, unsalted butter, onions
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Turkey Breast with Vinegar and Cracked Pepper | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 1/4 pounds raw turkey breast, cut into thin scallops; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; Olive oil for brushing; 7 1/2 tablespoons unsalted butter, cold; 2 medium red onions, diced; 1 cup white vinegar; 2 cups turkey or chicken stock or canned broth; 1 tablespoon cracked black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Cover the turkey slices with plastic wrap and pound to flatten. Sprinkle all over with salt and pepper, brush lightly with olive oil and reserve. Preheat the grill or broiler. Melt 3 tablespoons of the butter in a medium skillet over low heat. Cook the onions with 1 1/2 teaspoons salt, stirring and shaking the pan frequently, until the onions are golden, about 15 minutes. Pour in the vinegar, turn the heat up to high and reduce by half. Then pour in the turkey or chicken stock and reduce again by half. Thinly slice the remaining cold butter. Reduce the heat to low and whisk the butter into the <END>
INPUT: Asian, sesame seeds, light salt reduced, hot pepper sesame, lemon juice, halibut
OUTPUT: TITLE: Asian Fish Sticks with Soy Ginger Dipping Sauce | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup white and black sesame seeds; 1 cup light or salt-reduced soy sauce; 2 teaspoons hot pepper sesame oil; 2 tablespoons lemon juice; 2 1/2 pounds fresh halibut, cut into 1-inch thick sticks; Flour, for dredging; 4 egg whites, beaten until frothy; 3 tablespoons peanut or vegetable oil; Sweet-Soy Dipping Sauce, recipe follows; 1/4 cup mirin; 3/4 cup defatted chicken or fish stock; 1/4 cup dark soy sauce; 2 tablespoons each finely slivered ginger and lemon zest; 2 teaspoons sugar or to taste | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine sesame seeds in a bowl and set aside. In a separate bowl combine the soy sauce, hot pepper sesame oil and lemon juice. Marinate fish sticks for 5 to10 minutes in the soy mixture turning to coat. Dredge in flour, shaking off excess. Next, coat fish sticks with egg whites and then roll in sesame seeds to coat evenly on all sides. Heat an oven- proof saute pan over moderate heat and add the oil. Saute the fish sticks on all sides until the sesame seeds just begin to brown. Finish cooking, if necessary, in a preheated 425 degree oven for 4 to 6 minutes or until fish is just done and firm t <END>
INPUT: heavy whipping cream, milk, sugar, lemon verbena leaves, egg yolks
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lemon Verbena Ice Cream | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup heavy whipping cream; 1 cup whole milk; 1/2 cup sugar, divided; 1/4 cup fresh lemon verbena leaves; 7 large egg yolks | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring cream, milk, 1/4 cup sugar, and lemon verbena just to boil in medium saucepan, stirring until sugar dissolves. Remove from heat; cover and let steep 2 hours. Whisk yolks and 1/4 cup sugar in medium bowl. Return cream mixture to boil. Strain hot cream mixture; gradually whisk into yolk mixture. Return custard to same saucepan. Stir over medium-low heat until custard is thick enough to leave path on spoon when finger is drawn across and thermometer registers 180°F, 3 to 4 minutes (do not boil). Immediately transfer custard to medium bowl. Chill until cold, at least 2 hours. Process custard <END>
INPUT: Indian, biscuits, buttermilk, trimmed ramps, all purpose flour, baking powder, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Ramp and Buttermilk Biscuits with Cracked Coriander | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 cup chilled buttermilk; 3/4 cup thinly sliced trimmed ramps (bulbs, stems, and green tops); 1 1/2 cups all purpose flour; 2 teaspoons baking powder; 3/4 teaspoon salt; 1/4 teaspoon ground black pepper; 6 tablespoons (3/4 stick) chilled unsalted butter, cut into pieces; 1 large egg, beaten to blend (for glaze); 1/2 teaspoon coriander seeds, cracked | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 425°F. Mix buttermilk and ramps in small bowl. Mix flour, baking powder, salt, and pepper in processor. Add chilled butter to processor; using on/off turns, cut in butter until fine meal forms. Transfer flour mixture to medium bowl. Add buttermilk mixture; stir until dough forms. Turn dough out onto lightly floured work surface and press out to 7-inch round, about 1/2 inch thick. Using 2-inch-diameter biscuit cutter dipped in flour, cut out rounds. Gather dough scraps; press out to 1/2-inch thickness and cut out additional rounds. Transfer dough rounds to baking sheet. Brush bi <END>
INPUT: whole, slaw, olive oil, Salt pepper, hearts palm, orange
OUTPUT: TITLE: Whole Spiny Lobsters Split and Stuffed with Hearts of Palm Slaw | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon olive oil; Salt and pepper; 2 (1 1/2 pound) spiny lobsters, split and cleaned; 4 small fresh hearts of palm, julienned; 1 orange, sectioned and juice reserved; 1 yellow or red large round tomato, peeled, seeded, and cut into small strips; 1 red onion, julienned; 1 bunch cilantro, chopped; 1/4 Scotch bonnet chile, seeded and minced; 1 tablespoon sherry vinegar | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat a grill. Combine the hearts of palm, orange sections and juice, tomato, red onion, cilantro, chile, vinegar, and olive oil, and keep chilled until ready to serve. Just before serving, season with salt and pepper. Place the split lobsters on the grill, flesh side down. Cook for 5 to 6 minutes and then turn over and cook for 5 to 6 more minutes. Place the lobster on serving platters filling in the top, empty part of the shell with the slaw. <END>
INPUT: sandy, English cucumbers, avocado, asparagus tips, hard boiled egg, lemon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Crab Sandy | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 English cucumbers, sliced into 1-inch thick pieces; 1 avocado, diced; 1 cup frozen asparagus tips, thawed; 1 hard boiled egg, diced; 1/2 lemon, zested and juiced; 3 tablespoons Thousand Island Dressing; 1 tablespoon hot sauce; 2 tablespoons fresh chopped parsley leaves; 1 (8-ounce container) fresh crabmeat; Salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Using a melon baller, scoop out the center of each cucumber slice to form a small bowl. Finely chop the cucumber centers and put them into a large bowl. Add all of the remaining ingredients and gently toss. Spoon about a tablespoon of the crab mixture into each cucumber cup. Arrange them on a platter and serve. <END>
INPUT: salad, shrimp, garlic, lime juice, Asian fish sauce, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Green Papaya Salad with Shrimp | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 pound small shrimp (about 9), shelled; 1 large garlic clove, forced through a garlic press; 3 tablespoons fresh lime juice; 1 1/2 tablespoons Asian fish sauce (preferably nuoc mam); 1 tablespoon sugar; 1 small thin fresh red or green Asian chili (1 or 2 inches long) or Serrano chili, or to taste, seeded and chopped fine (wear rubber gloves); 3/4 pound green papaya, peeled, seeded, preferably and coarsely shredded, preferably in a food processor (about 3 cups); 1 carrot, shredded fine; 1/3 cup fresh coriander leaves, washed well and spun dry; 2 tablespoons roasted peanuts, crushed | INSTRUCTIONS: In a small saucepan of boiling salted water cook shrimp 45 seconds to 1 minute, or until cooked through. In a colander drain shrimp and rinse under cold water to stop cooking. Halve shrimp horizontally and devein. Make dressing: In a large bowl whisk together dressing ingredients until sugar is dissolved. Add shrimp, papaya, carrot, and coriander to dressing, tossing well. Salad may be made 2 hours ahead and chilled, covered. Bring salad to room temperature before serving. Serve salad sprinkled with peanuts. <END>
INPUT: stew, garlic, country style pork, water, reduced sodium chicken, oregano
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pork and Hominy Stew with Red Chiles | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 large head garlic; 4 lb country-style pork ribs (not lean); 12 cups cold water; 4 cups reduced-sodium chicken broth (32 fl oz); 1 teaspoon dried oregano (preferably Mexican), crumbled; 6 dried New Mexico or guajillo red chiles* (2 oz); 1 1/2 cups boiling-hot water; 1 cup coarsely chopped white onion (1 large); 1 tablespoon salt; 4 (15-oz) cans white hominy (also called pozole), drained and rinsed; Accompaniments: fried tortilla strips (see cooks' note, below); 1/2-inch cubes of California avocado; thinly sliced cabbage or lettuce; chopped white  | INSTRUCTIONS: Peel garlic and reserve 2 whole cloves, then slice remaining cloves. Combine sliced garlic, pork, water, and broth in a 7- to 8-quart heavy pot and bring to a boil, skimming froth. Add oregano, then reduce heat and simmer, uncovered, skimming occasionally, until pork is very tender, about 1 1/2 hours. Meanwhile, discard stems from chiles (do not seed), then soak in boiling-hot water (1 1/2 cups) in a bowl, turning occasionally, until softened, about 30 minutes (do not drain). Purée chiles with soaking water, onion, 2 teaspoons salt, and reserved garlic cloves in a blender until smooth, about 1 <END>
INPUT: syrup, beet juice, vanilla bean, very plantains, cane sugar, scoops kaffir lime
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Plantain with Vanilla Beet Syrup | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 cups beet juice; 1/2 vanilla bean; 2 very ripe plantains, peeled and split in 1/2 lengthwise; 2 to 3 tablespoons raw cane sugar; 4 scoops kaffir lime, lemon or lime sorbet | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring beet juice to a simmer with the 1/2 vanilla bean in a small saucepot over medium heat. Reduce juice, skimming constantly, to a syrup. Scrape the seeds from the vanilla bean into the syrup and discard the pod. Place each plantain slice, cut side-up, on a cookie sheet and roast in a preheated 400-degree oven for 3 to 4 minutes, or until heated through. Remove from the oven and turn the broiler on with the rack 4-inches from the broiling element. Evenly sprinkle the cane sugar over each 1/2 plantain, then place under the broiler and broil until the sugar caramelizes. Transfer each plantain  <END>
INPUT: confit, ducks, coarse sea salt, Mixed Spices, saltpeter, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Duck Confit | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 5- to 6-pound whole ducks (use Moulard ducks, if possible); 1 tablespoon coarse sea salt; About 2 tablespoons Mixed Spices*; 1/2 tablespoon saltpeter (potassium nitrate), available at some specialty stores or order from a pharmacy; 1/2 tablespoon black pepper; 6 branches rosemary or thyme; 2 cups dry white wine; 1 1/2 cups water; Large can rendered duck or goose fat (about 16 ounces) | INSTRUCTIONS: Cut up ducks: Separate thigh-leg portions in one piece. Bone thigh, leaving it attached to leg bone. Cut off top inch of leg bone with a heavy cleaver. Trim all visible fat from thigh-leg pieces; reserve fat in a heavy saucepan. Remove duck breasts and reserve for another use. Cut away as much fat and skin from the carcass as possible, chop in small pieces, and add to reserved fat. Marinate duck pieces: Sprinkle thigh-leg portions all over with salt and turn skin-side down. Sprinkle with mixed spices, saltpeter and pepper. Place herb sprig on each portion. Press together 2 pieces to make 3 pac <END>
INPUT: Asian, pineapple, Kimchi Marinade, Asian pear, gochugaru, fish sauce
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pineapple Kimchi | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1 large pineapple, trimmed, peeled and cut into 1-inch cubes; 1 cup Kimchi Marinade, recipe follows; 1/2 cup chopped Asian pear; 1/2 cup coarsely ground gochugaru (Korean red chile flakes); 1/4 cup fish sauce; 2 garlic cloves, minced; 2 tablespoons sugar; 2 teaspoons minced ginger | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large pickling jar or lidded container, combine the pineapple and 1 cup of the Kimchi Marinade, stirring to coat. Refrigerate 2 hours. This kimchi will keep up to 1 week, refrigerated--but honestly, it's not going to last that long. Add the pear, gochugaru, fish sauce, garlic, sugar and ginger to a blender and blend until smooth. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, spring, rolls, rice paper, lobster cull, daikon radish sprouts, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lobster-Daikon Spring Rolls with Coconut Lime Dressing | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 4 pieces rice paper, placed between 6 warm damp terry towels; 1 lobster 1# cull, blanched, cleaned, cut into strips; 1/4 package daikon radish sprouts, bottom cut off; 1/2 red pepper, long julienne; 1/2 yellow pepper, long julienne; 1/2 cucumber, long julienne; 1/4 carrot, long julienne; 2 ounces napa cabbage, chiffonade; 8 basil leaves; 8 mint leaves; 12 cilantro leaves; 2 ounces canola oil; 1/2-ounce garlic, chopped; 1-ounce shallot, chopped; 1-ounce lemon grass, chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: For the lobster daikon radish sprout spring rolls: Place 1 piece of rice paper on the table. Then place all other ingredients in the center of the rice paper. Fold in the ends of the rice paper and roll up. Cut in half on the bias and serve with creamy coconut lime dressing. For the creamy coconut lime dressing: In a hot, small sauce pot, add canola, garlic, shallots, lemon grass and ginger. Saute until shallots are translucent but have no color. Deglaze with sushi vinegar and mirin and reduce by half. Add coconut milk and reduce by half until thick. Remove from heat and let cool to room tempe <END>
INPUT: American, lemons, olive oil, leek, garlic, heaped salt, preserved lemon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Israeli Couscous, Peas, Preserved Lemons, Mint & Goat's Cheese | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 tbsp olive oil; 1 small leek, sliced and washed; 4 cloves of garlic, peeled and sliced; 2 heaped tsp salt; 1 preserved lemon, diced; 1 cup Israeli couscous (also called giant couscous or ptitim); 3 cups boiling water; 1 cup shelled fresh peas; 4 sprigs of mint, picked and chopped; 4 sprigs of parsley, picked and chopped; 4 oz goats' cheese of your choice | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat the oil in a large saute pan or non-stick wok. Fry the leeks and garlic on a medium heat for 2–3 minutes to soften, then add the salt and preserved lemon, and stir to combine. Tip in the Israeli couscous and continue frying for another 2 minutes or until the little couscous balls start to go golden. Add half the boiling water and the peas. Boil until most of the water has soaked in, then add the rest of the water and cook on a high heat until it has also been sucked up by the couscous. Remove from the heat, add the mint and parsley and stir well. Finally crumble the goats' cheese all over <END>
INPUT: Italian, pasta, olive oil, prosciutto, mixed mushrooms, shallots, thyme leaves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pasta With Mushrooms and Prosciutto | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup plus 2 tablespoons olive oil; 2 ounces thinly sliced prosciutto (about 6 slices); 1 pound mixed mushrooms (such as chanterelles, maitake, oyster, crimini, and/or shiitake), torn into bite-size pieces; 2 medium shallots, finely chopped; 1 teaspoon thyme leaves, plus more for serving; Kosher salt, freshly ground pepper; 1 cup chicken stock or low-sodium chicken broth; 12 ounces pappardelle or fettuccine; 1/3 cup heavy cream; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat 1/4 cup oil in a large Dutch oven or other heavy pot over medium. Arrange prosciutto in a single layer in pot and cook, turning once or twice, until crisp, about 5 minutes. Transfer to paper towels to drain. Heat remaining 2 Tbsp. oil in same pot over high. Cook mushrooms, tossing occasionally, until browned and tender, 5–8 minutes. Reduce heat to medium-low. Add shallots and 1 tsp. thyme, season with salt and pepper, and cook, stirring often, until shallots are translucent and softened, about 2 minutes. Add stock and reduce heat to low. Bring to a simmer and cook until only a thin layer  <END>
INPUT: yummy, pecans, granulated sugar, vanilla extract, all purpose flour
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate Yummy | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 ounces pecans, toasted; 3 tablespoons granulated sugar; 1/2 cup (1 stick) butter; 1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract; 1 cup all-purpose flour; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1 cup heavy cream; 1/4 cup granulated sugar; 3 egg yolks; 3 1/2 ounces dark chocolate, coarsely chopped; 1 ounce milk chocolate, coarsely chopped; 1 tablespoon butter; 1/4 teaspoon vanilla extract; Pinch of salt; 1 pound cream cheese | INSTRUCTIONS: Place the pecans and sugar in a food processor and pulse together for 30 seconds. In the bowl of an electric mixer, cream together the butter, vanilla, and the pecan-sugar mixture, then stir in the flour and salt until just mixed. Chill the dough for 30 minutes. Preheat the oven to 325°F. Use your fingers to press the chilled dough into a 9-inch square baking dish. Prick the dough with a fork and bake 10 to 15 minutes, until lightly golden. Cool the cooked dough while preparing the remaining layers. Heat the cream for the pudding in a heavy-bottomed saucepan over medium heat. Stir together the <END>
INPUT: mocha, torte, chocolate cookie crumbs, unsalted butter, sugar, Kahlua, chocolate ice cream
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mocha Kahlua Ice Cream Torte with Hot Fudge Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cups chocolate cookie crumbs (about 6 1/2 ounces); 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted; 3 tablespoons sugar; 2 tablespoons Kahlua; 1 quart chocolate ice cream; 1 pint coffee ice cream; 4 tablespoons Kahlua; 4 to 6 heath bars, crushed in food processor or with mallet; 8 ounces of chopped semisweet chocolate; 2 tablespoons, plus 1 teaspoon butter; 1/2 cup sugar; 1/2 cup heavy cream; 1/4 cup hot water; 1 teaspoon vanilla; Pinch of salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Mix all ingredients in medium bowl. Press crust mixture onto bottom of 9-inch spring form pan with 2 3/4 inches high on the sides. Bake crust until firm, about 8 minutes. Transfer pan to rack and cool crust completely. Mix ice cream, kahlua in large bowl. Mix in heath bars, saving several tablespoons for garnish. Pour ice cream into crust, smooth top, freeze until firm, about four hours. Can be prepared 2 days ahead covered. Using small knife cut around side of pan to loosen torte. Remove pan sides, sprinkle saved crushed heath bar on top. Let torte stand 3 to 5 mi <END>
INPUT: walnuts, green, walnut, butter, Salt, rosemary, honey
OUTPUT: TITLE: Brussels Sprouts with Candied Walnuts and Green Apple | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup walnut pieces; 1 tablespoon butter; Salt; 2 sprigs fresh rosemary, leaves picked; 2 tablespoons honey; 2 pints Brussels sprouts, halved or quartered depending on size; 1 tablespoon canola oil; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 Granny Smith apples, peeled, and cut into 1/2-inch pieces; 1 tablespoon butter; Juice of 1 lemon | INSTRUCTIONS: To candy the walnuts: Toast the nuts in a saute pan over medium heat with 1 tablespoon butter and 1 teaspoon salt. When the nuts start to take on a light golden color, add the rosemary and bloom for 1 more minute. Add the honey to the pan and remove from the heat. To roast the Brussels sprouts: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F. Toss the Brussels sprouts with the canola oil, 1 teaspoon salt and pinch freshly ground black pepper. Lay out onto a sheet tray and roast for 10 to 12 minutes until they take color, but retain some texture. Remove from oven and set aside. To finish the dish: Saute the  <END>
INPUT: Portobello mushrooms, olive oil, bell pepper, onion, zucchini
OUTPUT: TITLE: Stuffed Portobello Mushroom with Worcestershire Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 Portobello mushrooms, cleaned, stems removed; 1/2 cup olive oil; 1 bell pepper, finely diced; 1 red onion, finely diced; 1 zucchini, finely diced; 1 yellow squash, finely diced; 4 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce; Lettuce, optional | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F. Remove and discard all of the stems from the Portobello mushrooms and place in a baking dish. In a separate bowl, combine all of the remaining ingredients and mix well. Place a large spoonful of the mixture on top of each mushroom. Place in oven and bake for 20 minutes. Serve on a bed of lettuce or on a platter and drizzle the Worcestershire sauce around mushrooms. <END>
INPUT: split, pig tails, spilt peas, ham hocks, onion, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Split Peas and Pig Tails | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound pig tails (cured or salted); 1 pound spilt peas; 1 pound ham hocks; 1 medium onion, diced; 1 medium red pepper, diced; 1 tablespoon salt; 1 tablespoon black pepper; 1 tablespoon oregano; 1 stick butter; Steamed white rice, for serving | INSTRUCTIONS: Boil the pig tails in 2 quarts water for 1 1/2 hours, changing the water every half hour until the pig tails are soft and most of the salt has been removed. Boil the split peas and ham hocks in 2 quarts water until the split peas are soft, about 1 hour. Remove the ham hocks from the pot. Add the onions and peppers to the split peas and season with the salt, black pepper and oregano. Boil until the vegetables are soft, about 20 minutes. Add the softened pig tails and the butter. Let cook for another 15 minutes until done. Serve over steamed white rice. <END>
INPUT: bread, barley flour, kosher salt, baking powder, honey, canola oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Barley Bread | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 10 ounces barley flour, approximately 3 cups; 1 teaspoon kosher salt; 1 ounce baking powder, approximately 2 1/2 tablespoons; 2 tablespoons honey; 1/4 cup canola oil, plus extra for pan; 2 eggs; 1 cup whole milk | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat a gas grill on low heat for at least 10 minutes. Lightly rub the sides and bottom of a 4 to 5-quart Dutch oven with canola oil and set aside. In a medium mixing bowl, whisk together the flour, salt and baking powder. In a small mixing bowl, whisk together the honey, 1/4 cup oil, eggs and milk. Add the wet ingredients to the dry ingredients and stir until combined. Pour the batter into the prepared Dutch oven; do not cover with a lid. Place the Dutch oven on the grill and close the lid of the grill. Cook with the lid shut for 35 to 40 minutes or until the internal temperature reaches 19 <END>
INPUT: Italian, stroganoff, butter, oil, onions, shiitake mushrooms, oyster mushrooms
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mushroom Stroganoff | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon butter; 1 teaspoon oil; 2 large onions, chopped; 1/4 pound shiitake mushrooms, sliced; 1/4 pound oyster mushrooms, sliced; 1/4 pound chanterelle mushrooms, sliced; 1/4 pound morel mushrooms; Juice from 1/2 lemon; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1 teaspoon dried basil; 1/2 pint nonfat sour cream; 12 ounces cooked pasta, your favorite (I prefer angel hair); 1/3 to 1/2 cup nuts, chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: In large nonstick frying pan, melt butter and oil. Add onions and mushrooms and cook, covered, for about 3 to 7 minutes or until mushrooms start to soften. Remember, leave the lid on to keep it from drying out. When mushrooms have softened, add lemon juice along with seasonings and sour cream. Mix well. Add cooked pasta and heat thoroughly. Season with salt and pepper, if needed, and serve. <END>
INPUT: salad, cabbage, Salt, soy sauce, rice wine vinegar, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grapefruit and Jícama Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups shredded red cabbage; Salt; 1/4 cup soy sauce; 1 tablespoon rice wine vinegar, or other vinegar; 1 tablespoon sugar; 1 teaspoon minced garlic; 1 small chile pepper (preferably Thai chile), minced, or dried red pepper flakes, to taste; 1 teaspoon lime juice, or to taste; 1 cup shredded jicama; 1/2 cup shredded carrot (optional); 2 teaspoons corn oil or canola oil; Salt and pepper, to taste; 1/2 cup coarsely chopped mint leaves; 1/4 cup chopped candied pecans or walnuts (optional); 2 grapefruits, segmented, tough membranes removed | INSTRUCTIONS: Place cabbage in a bowl and cover with salted water. Set aside. Combine soy sauce, vinegar, sugar, garlic, chile, and lime juice. Add more lime juice to taste. In a large bowl, combine jicama, carrot, and oil. Drain cabbage and crush it a bit between your hands. Toss cabbage with jicama mixture, then with soy dressing. Add salt and pepper to taste. Divide among 4 plates and top with with mint, nuts, and grapefruit. Serve. Place cabbage in a bowl and cover with salted water. Set aside. Combine soy sauce, vinegar, sugar, garlic, chile, and lime juice. Add more lime juice to taste. In a large bow <END>
INPUT: Mexican, tacos, onion, bell peppers, scallions, vegetable oil, Kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Kielbasa Tacos | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 red onion, quartered; 2 red bell peppers, halved lengthwise, seeds removed; 1 bunch scallions; 3 tablespoons vegetable oil; Kosher salt, freshly ground pepper; 1/3 cup fresh lime juice; 1 1/2 pounds kielbasa sausage, halved lengthwise; 8 corn or flour tortillas; 1/2 bunch cilantro; Hot sauce and lime wedges (for serving) | INSTRUCTIONS: Prepare a grill for medium-high heat. Toss onion, bell peppers, and scallions with oil on a rimmed baking sheet; season with salt and black pepper. Grill vegetables until lightly charred and tender, about 2 minutes for scallions and 10 minutes for onion and bell peppers. Transfer to a cutting board as they are done; let cool. Slice onion into 1" wedges; place in a medium bowl and toss with lime juice. Remove skins from bell peppers, then cut into bite-size pieces; place in a small bowl. Place scallions on a platter. Grill sausage, turning halfway through, until lightly charred and warmed throu <END>
INPUT: salad, geoduck clam, onion, assorted mushrooms, olive oil, rice wine vinegar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Geoduck and Mushroom Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 small geoduck clam; 1 small red onion, sliced; 1 cup assorted fresh mushrooms, sliced and sauteed; 1/8 cup olive oil; 1/8 cup rice wine vinegar; 1 teaspoon stone-ground mustard; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 tablespoon hot sauce, or to taste (recommended: Tabasco); 3 cups chopped romaine lettuce (1/2 cup per serving); 1 teaspoon freshly chopped chives; 1 teaspoon freshly chopped cilantro leaves; 1/8 cup chopped fresh mango | INSTRUCTIONS: To cook the geoduck, remove the siphon (the neck part) from the shell. Bring a medium pot of salted water to a boil, add the geoduck and cook for about 20 seconds. Immediately immerse in iced water. Drain and remove the outer skin and discard. Cut in half lengthwise and thinly slice on a bias (the thinner the better as it will marinate and pick up more flavor). In a stainless steel bowl mix together the prepared geoduck, onions, and mushrooms. Cover and set aside in refrigerator for about 20 minutes. In a small bowl add the oil, rice wine vinegar and mustard and combine well. Adjust the season <END>
INPUT: brownies, unsweetened chocolate, all purpose flour, salt, baking soda
OUTPUT: TITLE: Heath Bar Brownies | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 cup (1 1/2 sticks) unsalted butter, cut into 1/2-inch cubes; 3 1/2 ounces unsweetened chocolate, chopped; 3/4 cup all purpose flour; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/4 teaspoon baking soda; 1 2/3 cups sugar; 3 large eggs; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; 1 cup walnut pieces (about 4 ounces), toasted, cooled; 5 1.4-ounce Heath English toffee candy bars, chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350°F. Butter and flour 13x9x2-inch metal baking pan. Stir butter and chocolate in heavy small saucepan over low heat until melted and smooth. Cool to lukewarm. Whisk flour, salt, and baking soda in small bowl to blend. Using electric mixer, beat sugar, eggs, and vanilla in large bowl until thick and billowy, about 3 minutes. Beat in chocolate mixture, then flour mixture. Fold in walnuts. Transfer to pan. Bake brownies until puffed and tester inserted into center comes out with a few moist crumbs attached, about 28 minutes. Sprinkle brownies evenly with chopped toffee bars. Coo <END>
INPUT: southern, california, young collard greens, olive oil, onion, garlic, ham hocks
OUTPUT: TITLE: Southern California Collard Greens | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 pounds young collard greens (about 4 bunches); 3 tablespoons olive oil; 1 onion, julienned; 2 garlic cloves, smashed; 2 large ham hocks (about 2 pounds), smoked and cooked; 2 bay leaves; 2 quarts chicken broth, low sodium; 1/4 cup apple cider vinegar; 1 tablespoon sugar; 1 teaspoon red pepper flakes; Seasoned salt | INSTRUCTIONS: To prepare the greens: cut away the tough stalks and stems from the collards, and discard any leaves that are bruised or yellow. Fill the sink with water and salt (the salt helps to remove any impurities). Wash the collards thoroughly to remove the grit, 2 or 3 times, until the water runs clear. Dry thoroughly. Stack up several leaves and hand shred them into ribbon-like pieces (chiffonade). Repeat until all the leaves are shredded. Coat a 6-quart stockpot with olive oil and place over medium heat. Add the onion and garlic, stir to coat, then add the ham hocks and bay leaves; cook about 8 minu <END>
INPUT: Italian, risotto, veal beef stock, thyme additional garnish, sage additional garnish, bay leaves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mushroom Risotto | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 2 (.35-ounce) packages dried porcini mushrooms; About 5 cups veal or beef stock (preferably homemade); 8 sprigs of fresh thyme plus additional for garnish; 4 sprigs of fresh sage plus additional for garnish; 2 bay leaves; 1/4 cup olive oil; 3 large leeks (white and pale green part only) quartered lengthwise, sliced thin and washed thoroughly (about 2 cups); 2 garlic cloves, minced; 3/4 pound thinly sliced cremini or portobello mushrooms (about 3 cups); 2 anchovies, drained and mashed to a paste; 1 1/4 cups superfino rice; 1/2 cup dry red wine; 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened; 1/3 cup freshly grated Parmigiano-Reggiano; Salt and pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Soak the dried porcini in a bowl with 3/4 cup hot water for 30 minutes. Remove the mushrooms with a slotted spoon, chop them finely, and set them aside in a small bowl. Strain the soaking liquid through a coffee filter to remove any grit. (You should have a generous 1/3 cup liquid). Bring the stock to a full boil with the thyme, sage, bay leaves and mushroom soaking liquid in a medium saucepan, reduce the heat, and keep it at a bare simmer. Heat the olive oil in a heavy 2 to 3-quart saucepan, and cook the leeks and garlic over moderate heat, stirring frequently with a wooden spoon, until very  <END>
INPUT: layer, cake flour, unsweetened cocoa powder, baking soda, salt, baking powder
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate Mint Layer Cake | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 3/4 cups cake flour; 3/4 cup unsweetened cocoa powder; 1 1/4 teaspoons baking soda; 3/4 teaspoon salt; 1/2 teaspoon baking powder; 2 cups sugar; 3/4 cup (1 1/2 sticks) unsalted butter, room temperature; 3 large eggs; 4 teaspoons vanilla extract; 1 1/2 cups buttermilk; Mint Whipped Cream; Chocolate curls; Fresh mint sprigs | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350°F. Butter and flour three 9-inch-diameter cake pans with 1 1/2-inch-high sides. Line bottom of pans with parchment paper. Sift first 5 ingredients into medium bowl. Using electric mixer, beat sugar and butter in large bowl until well blended. Add eggs 1 at a time, beating well after each addition. Mix in vanilla. Add dry ingredients alternately with buttermilk in 3 additions each, beating until well blended. Divide batter equally among prepared pans (generous 2 cups for each); smooth top of batter. Bake cakes until tester inserted into center comes out with some moist crumb <END>
INPUT: tsai, dozen shucked oysters, spinach leaves, basil Thai basil, serrano chilies, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Oysters Tsai | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 dozen fresh shucked oysters; 1 cup spinach leaves; 1 cup basil or Thai basil; 2 serrano chilies; 1 tablespoon chopped garlic; 1 tablespoon fish sauce; 1 tablespoon lime juice; 1/4 cup heavy cream; Salt and black pepper to taste; Japanese bread crumbs called 'panko'; Canola oil to cook | INSTRUCTIONS: In a hot pan, saute garlic and chili until caramelized. Deglaze with fish sauce and lime juice. Add spinach and basil and cook until soft. Check for seasoning. Squeeze out excess water and while still hot, puree mixture in food processor and add cream. Top each oyster with the puree and sprinkle with bread crumbs. In an oven set to broil, color oysters brown and serve immediately. <END>
INPUT: salad, lime juice, honey, Sherry vinegar wine, garlic, olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mango Jícama Chopped Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup fresh lime juice; 2 tablespoons honey; 1 tablespoon Sherry vinegar or red-wine vinegar; 1 teaspoon minced garlic; 1/4 cup olive oil; 2 cups chopped peeled jícama (about 1 pound); 2 mangoes, pitted, peeled, and coarsely chopped; 1/2 pound Napa cabbage, sliced crosswise (about 3 cups); 1 head romaine (1 1/2 pounds); 1/2 seedless cucumber, cut into 2- by 1/4-inch sticks; 1 cup toasted salted pumpkin seeds | INSTRUCTIONS: Make dressing: Whisk together juice, honey, vinegar, and garlic. Add oil in a slow stream, whisking until emulsified. Season with salt and pepper. Whisk together juice, honey, vinegar, and garlic. Add oil in a slow stream, whisking until emulsified. Season with salt and pepper. Make salad: Toss together jícama, mangoes, cabbage, romaine, and cucumber with dressing to taste. Serve salad sprinkled with pumpkin seeds. Toss together jícama, mangoes, cabbage, romaine, and cucumber with dressing to taste. Serve salad sprinkled with pumpkin seeds. <END>
INPUT: grillades, grits, heavy cream, garlic, bell pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grits and Grillades | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups grits; 1/4 cup heavy cream; 1 clove garlic, chopped; 4 tablespoons (1/2 stick) unsalted butter; 1/4 red bell pepper, chopped; 1/4 yellow bell pepper, chopped; 1/4 green bell pepper, chopped; 1/4 red onion, chopped; 1 tomato, cut into small cubes; 1 tablespoon Creole seasoning; 1 cup beef stock; 1 cup veal stock; 1/2 cup tomato sauce; 1/2 cup red wine; 1/2 cup olive oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook the grits according to package directions. Keep warm. Bring the cream and garlic to a boil in a stockpot until the cream rises. Add the butter and whisk until creamy. Add the peppers, onions, tomatoes, and Creole seasoning to the pot and simmer until soft, 15 to 20 minutes. Add the beef stock, veal stock, tomato sauce, red wine, and 2 cups water and bring to a boil. Meanwhile, in a frying pan, whisk together the olive oil and flour and cook until it becomes dark brown to make a roux. After the ingredients in the stockpot begin to boil, add the roux and whisk until the sauce thickens. Cook <END>
INPUT: hush, puppy, salsify, corn, Olive oil, Kosher salt pepper, buttermilk
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Salsify, Corn and Bacon Hush Puppy with Salsify Honey Butter Dipping Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 stalks salsify, peeled and sliced in half; 1 ear corn, shucked; Olive oil; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 cup buttermilk; 1 egg, lightly beaten; 1 1/2 cups cornmeal; 1/2 cup all-purpose flour; 1 tablespoon baking powder; 2 strips bacon, cooked and chopped; Peanut oil, for frying; Salsify Honey Butter Dipping Sauce, recipe follows; 4 salsify stalks; 1/2 cup honey; 4 tablespoons butter | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the grill to high. In a large bowl, toss the salsify and corn with a little olive oil and some salt and pepper. Add the salsify and corn to the grill, grilling on all sides until the salsify is fork tender and the corn looks charred. Remove from the grill. Slice the corn kernels off the cob into a bowl. Chop the salsify into small cubes. Add to the bowl. Season with salt and pepper. In another bowl, mix the buttermilk with the egg. Add to the salsify and corn, mixing to incorporate. Add the cornmeal, flour, baking powder, 1 teaspoon salt and bacon. Mix together to form a thick batter.  <END>
INPUT: American, macaroni, live lobster, olive oil, shrimp, onion, carrots
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lobster Macaroni and Cheese | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 1 3/4- to 2-pound live lobster; 2 tablespoons olive oil, divided; 12 large shrimp, peeled, deveined, shells reserved; 1 cup chopped onion; 3/4 cup chopped peeled carrots; 3/4 cup chopped celery; 2 garlic cloves, peeled, flattened; 1 Turkish bay leaf; 1 tablespoon tomato paste; 1/4 cup Cognac or brandy; 3 cups water; 4 tablespoons (1/2 stick) butter, divided; 2 tablespoons all purpose flour; 1 cup whipping cream; 1 1/2 cups grated Fontina cheese (about 6 ounces) | INSTRUCTIONS: Plunge lobster headfirst into pot of boiling water; boil 4 minutes. Using tongs, transfer to cutting board. Cut off tail and claws. Crack tail and claws and remove meat. Cut meat into 1/2-inch pieces. Cut body and shells into 2-inch pieces. Chill meat; reserve shells. Heat 1 tablespoon oil in heavy large skillet over medium-high heat. Add lobster body, lobster shells, and shrimp shells to skillet and sauté 4 minutes. Add onion and next 4 ingredients; sauté 6 minutes. Add tomato paste; stir 1 minute. Remove from heat; stir in Cognac. Add 3 cups water; bring to boil. Reduce heat, cover, and simm <END>
INPUT: torquato, farinata, leeks, water, salt, cornmeal, sausage
OUTPUT: TITLE: Torquato's Leek and Sausage Farinata | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 leeks, about 2 cups chopped; 6 cups water; 1 to 2 teaspoons salt; 1 cup cornmeal; 1 pound sausage, casing removed; 3 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil plus more for garnish; freshly ground black pepper; 1/2 cup grated Parmigiano-Reggiano | INSTRUCTIONS: Trim the roots from the end of the leeks and peel off the tough outer leaves. Cut off the green tops and save for soup. Slice the leeks in half and carefully rinse in warm water to eliminate all dirt between the leaves. Cut the leeks into 1/2-inch slices. Bring 6 cups water to a rolling boil in a 3-quart pot. Add 1 to 2 teaspoons salt and sprinkle the cornmeal into the water, stirring with a whisk to prevent lumping. Place the pot in another, larger pot of boiling water (or the bottom of a double boiler over boiling water) and cook over low heat for 45 minutes or until creamy. While the polent <END>
INPUT: Italian, all purpose flour, eggs, Parmesan, Soybean oil other
OUTPUT: TITLE: Trout Parmesan | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 4 (10 to 11 ounces) whole Shenandoah Valley, Virginia trout, head removed, butterflied and boned; 2 cups all-purpose flour, seasoned with salt and pepper; 4 whole eggs, beaten with 2 tablespoons water; 10 ounces grated Parmesan; Soybean oil or other oil, for frying; Hollandaise Sauce, recipe follows; 3 tablespoons lemon juice; 4 pasteurized egg yolks; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 3/4 cup clarified butter, hot; 1/4 teaspoon cayenne pepper; Dash hot sauce | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat several inches of oil in a large, heavy Dutch oven to 375 degrees F. Wash and pat dry the trout. Dredge the trout in the flour to lightly coat. Dip the trout into the egg wash. Firmly pat the trout into the grated Parmesan until the entire fish is coated. Fry for approximately 5 to 6 minutes in the hot oil until golden brown. Although there are many recipes for hollandaise, we recommend our blender hollandaise sauce for ease and accuracy. In a blender, combine the lemon juice, egg yolks, and salt at high speed. Drizzle in the hot butter until the mixture is thick. Add the cayenne and hot  <END>
INPUT: American, casserole, sweet onion, bourbon, Kosher salt, beans, shiitake mushroom
OUTPUT: TITLE: Green Bean Casserole | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 sweet yellow onion, sliced; 4 ounces bourbon; Kosher salt; 3 pounds green beans, snapped and cut in half; 2 ounces shiitake mushroom, sliced; Olive oil; Freshly ground black pepper; 4 ounces cherry tomatoes, halved; 1 bunch kale, stems removed; 4 cups mushroom broth; 2 ounces butter, plus more to grease dish; 2 ounces all-purpose flour; 8 ounces goat cheese; 1/2 cup heavy cream; 3 sprigs fresh thyme, chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. In a saute pan, saute the onions in the bourbon until soft. Bring a large pot of salted water to a rolling boil. While the water heats, fill a large bowl with ice water and put a strainer in it. Drop the green beans into the boiling water and cook until crisp tender. Remove from the pot and immediately plunge the green beans into the ice bath to stop the cooking. Drain well. Toss the shiitakes with olive oil, season with salt and pepper and spread across a baking sheet. Roast for 8 minutes and remove. Reduce the oven temperature to 250 degrees F. Toss the hal <END>
INPUT: glorious, blue, sifted cake flour, unsweetened natural cocoa, baking soda, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Glorious Red, White, and Blue Cake | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 1/2 cups sifted cake flour, not self-rising (sift before measuring); 1/4 cup unsweetened natural cocoa (such as Hershey's; not Dutch process or extra-dark cocoa); 1 teaspoon baking soda; 3/4 teaspoon salt; 1 stick (1/2 cup) unsalted butter, softened; 1 1/2 cups granulated sugar; 1 cup vegetable oil; 2 large eggs; 1 (1-ounce) bottle (2 tablespoons) red food coloring; 1 1/2 teaspoons white or cider vinegar; 1 1/2 teaspoons vanilla extract; 3/4 cup sour cream mixed with 1/4 cup water; 1 1/3 cups sifted cake flour, not self-rising (sift before measuring); 1/2 teaspoon baking soda; 1/4 teaspoon salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Make red velvet cake layers: Heat oven to 350°F. Butter two 9-inch round cake pans, then line bottoms with rounds of wax paper. Butter paper and dust pans with some additional flour, knocking out excess. Resift cake flour together with cocoa, baking soda, and salt into a bowl. Beat butter and sugar in a large bowl with an electric mixer (fitted with paddle attachment if using stand mixer) at medium-high speed until combined well, then add oil and beat until very pale and creamy, about 3 minutes. Add eggs, one at a time, beating well after each addition, and beat in food coloring, vinegar, and  <END>
INPUT: ruthie, zucchini into rounds, bread crumbs, Parmesan cheese, flour, eggs
OUTPUT: TITLE: Ruthie's Zucchini Rounds | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 medium zucchini cut into 1/4 inch rounds; 2/3 cup bread crumbs; 1/3 cup Parmesan cheese; 1 cup flour; 2 whole eggs; 2 tablespoons butter | INSTRUCTIONS: In a shallow dish , combine bread crumbs and Parmesan cheese; set aside. Place flour in shallow dish; set aside. Beat two eggs in shallow dish and set aside. Heat 2 tablespoons butter in skillet over medium heat. Season zucchini rounds with salt and pepper. Dredge in flour, beaten egg, then bread crumb mixture. Saute until golden brown <END>
INPUT: Italian, soup, orzo favorite shaped, virgin olive oil, onion, garlic, carrot
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken and Pasta Soup | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup orzo or favorite shaped little pasta; 1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil; 1/2 medium onion, diced; 1 clove garlic, minced; 1 medium carrot, shredded; 1 rib celery, peeled and minced; 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt; 3 cups cooked chicken; 1 bay leaf; 1 sprig fresh thyme; 5 cups chicken broth, low-sodium canned or homemade | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring a large pot of cold water to a boil over high heat and salt it generously. Add the pasta and boil, stirring occasionally, until al dente, about 8 minutes. Drain. Meanwhile, heat the olive oil in a large saucepan over medium heat. Add the onion, garlic, carrot, celery, and salt; cook until tender, about 8 minutes. Add the chicken, bay leaf, thyme, and broth to the vegetables, cover, and simmer for 10 minutes. Add the pasta to the soup just before serving. Ladle into warm bowls and serve. Soup can be made in advance and frozen, just omit the pasta and add when serving. <END>
INPUT: Italian, frittatas, linguine pasta, eggs, milk, cream, mascarpone cheese
OUTPUT: TITLE: Linguine and Prosciutto Frittatas | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 pound linguine pasta; 7 large eggs; 1/2 cup milk; 1/4 cup cream; 1/2 cup mascarpone cheese; 6 ounces diced prosciutto; 5 ounces smoked mozzarella cheese, diced (1 cup diced); 1/2 cup grated Asiago cheese; 1/4 cup finely chopped fresh flat-leaf parsley; 2 garlic cloves, minced; 1 teaspoon salt; 3/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 1/8 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg; Special equipment: 1 regular-sized muffin tin for 12 muffins | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil over high heat. Add the pasta and cook until tender but still firm to the bite, stirring occasionally, about 8 to 10 minutes. Drain the pasta in a colander. While the pasta is still in the colander, use kitchen sheers to cut the linguine into smaller pieces. The pasta should measure about 3 cups. Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Grease the muffin tin. In a blender combine the eggs, milk, cream, and mascarpone cheese. Blend until well combined. Transfer the mixture to a large bowl. Add the cut pasta, prosciutto, mozzar <END>
INPUT: general, egg, Shaoxing rice wine, soy sauce, cornstarch, shrimp
OUTPUT: TITLE: General Tso's Shrimp with Broccolini | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 large egg white; 3 tablespoons Shaoxing rice wine, mirin or dry sherry; 3 tablespoons soy sauce; 2 tablespoons cornstarch, plus more for coating (about 3/4 cup); 1 pound large shrimp, peeled and deveined (tails intact); 1/3 cup Thai-style sweet chili sauce; 3 tablespoons vegetable or peanut oil, plus more for deep-frying; 2 bunches broccolini, trimmed; 1 bunch scallions, cut into 1 1/2-inch pieces; 2 cloves garlic, minced; 1/2 to 1 teaspoon red pepper flakes; 4 cups cooked white rice, for serving | INSTRUCTIONS: Whisk the egg white with 1 tablespoon each rice wine, soy sauce and cornstarch in a large bowl. Add the shrimp and toss; refrigerate until ready to fry. Whisk the chili sauce, the remaining 2 tablespoons each rice wine and soy sauce, 1 tablespoon cornstarch and 1 cup water in a bowl; set aside. Heat 2 tablespoons oil in a wok or large Dutch oven over medium-high heat. Add the broccolini; stir-fry until charred in spots, 3 minutes. Add 1/2 cup water and stir-fry until crisp-tender, 1 to 2 minutes; transfer to a plate. Reduce the heat to medium; add the remaining 1 tablespoon oil, the scallions, <END>
INPUT: venison loin, Salt, Pepper, Olive oil, Lingonberry Cognac Sauce
OUTPUT: TITLE: Venison Loin on Schupf Noodles with Lingonberry Cognac Sauce, Caramelized Chestnuts and Asparagus | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 pounds venison loin, cleaned and cut into four 8-ounce steaks; Salt; Pepper; Olive oil; Lingonberry Cognac Sauce, recipe follows; 20 Schupf Noodles, recipe follows; Caramelized Chestnuts, recipe follows; 1 pound fresh green asparagus, cooked al dente; 1 pound fresh chestnuts; 1 pound sugar; 6 ounces Merlot wine; 1 tablespoon butter; 2 shallots, chopped; 2 ounces orange juice; 2 cups Merlot wine | INSTRUCTIONS: Venison Loin: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Season the steaks with salt and pepper. Sear steaks quickly in a hot pan with olive oil on both sides and finish in oven to desired doneness. Slice meat and fan it out. Serve with Lingonberry Cognac sauce, crispy potato noodles (Schupf Noodles), Caramelized Chestnuts and green asparagus. To peel chestnuts, cut an "x" with a paring knife in the flat side of the nut. They can be either boiled or roasted just until the skin begins to pull away. Work in small batches, keeping the chestnuts warm, and pull and cut away the tough outer skin. Clean chestnut <END>
INPUT: soup, gremolata, onion, garlic, ají dulce chiles, Cubanelle peppers
OUTPUT: TITLE: Red-Bean Soup with Gremolata | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 (1-pound) bag dried red kidney beans, picked over and rinsed; 1 large onion, chopped; 4 large garlic cloves, chopped; 4 fresh ají dulce chiles, stemmed, seeded, and chopped; 2 Cubanelle peppers (Italian green frying peppers), seeded and chopped; 1/2 cup chopped recao (culantro) or cilantro leaves; 1/4 cup chopped sun-dried tomatoes (preferably oil-packed), drained; 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil plus additional for drizzling; 1 Turkish or 1/2 California bay leaf; 1/2 teaspoon sweet piment&ocute;n (smoked paprika); 2 1/2 quarts water; 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice; 1 teaspoon grated lemon zest; 1 garlic clove, minced; 1/4 cup finely chopped flat-leaf parsley | INSTRUCTIONS: Quick-soak beans and make soup: Put beans in a large saucepan with enough water to cover by 2 inches. Bring to a boil, then boil 2 minutes. Remove from heat and let stand, covered, 1 hour. Drain well. Cook onion, garlic, chiles, Cubanelles, recao, and sun-dried tomatoes in oil in a large heavy pot over medium heat, stirring occasionally, until browned, about 12 minutes. Add bay leaf and pimentón and cook, stirring, 2 minutes, then add beans and water and simmer, covered, until beans are very tender, 11/2 to 2 hours. Discard bay leaf. Purée soup in batches in a blender (use caution when blendin <END>
INPUT: water, Zinger tea bags, sugar, gin, vermouth
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mar-Tea-Ni | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 cups water; 3 Red Zinger tea bags or other hibiscus-flavored tea; 1/2 cup sugar; 3 cups gin; 2 1/2 teaspoons vermouth; 12 ice cubes; 12 mango slices | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring 4 cups water to boil in large saucepan over high heat. Add tea bags and sugar. Remove pan from heat and let steep 20 minutes. Discard tea bags. Cool tea mixture. Combine tea mixture, gin, and vermouth in large pitcher. Cover pitcher with plastic wrap and place in freezer until mixture is cold, about 3 hours. Remove pitcher from freezer; add ice cubes. Stir briskly to melt ice partially. Strain into chilled Martini glasses. Garnish each glass with mango slice. Bring 4 cups water to boil in large saucepan over high heat. Add tea bags and sugar. Remove pan from heat and let steep 20 minutes <END>
INPUT: American, curried, cornstarch, mustard, curry powder, milk
OUTPUT: TITLE: Curried Macaroni and Cheese | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 tablespoons cornstarch; 1 1/2 teaspoons dry mustard; 1 1/2 teaspoons curry powder; 2 1/4 cups whole milk; 6 tablespoons (3/4 stick) butter; 2 1/4 cups (packed) grated sharp cheddar cheese (about 10 ounces); 8 ounces small elbow macaroni, freshly cooked; 2 1/2 cups fresh breadcrumbs made from 8 ounces trimmed sourdough bread | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350°F. Butter 8 x 8 x 2-inch glass baking dish. Combine cornstarch, 1 teaspoon dry mustard and 1 teaspoon curry powder in heavy large saucepan. Gradually whisk in milk. Add 2 tablespoons butter. Whisk over medium-high heat until sauce thickens and boils, about 1 minute. Remove from heat. Add cheese and whisk until smooth. Mix in macaroni. Season with salt and pepper. Transfer to prepared baking dish. Melt remaining 4 tablespoons butter in heavy large skillet over medium-high heat. Mix in remaining 1/2 teaspoon dry mustard and 1/2 teaspoon curry powder. Add breadcrumbs and stir  <END>
INPUT: raspberry, filling, unsweetened raspberries, sugar, cornstarch
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lemon Cornmeal Cake with Raspberry Filling | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups frozen unsweetened raspberries, thawed; 2 tablespoons sugar; 1 tablespoon cornstarch; 3/4 cup (1 1/2 sticks) unsalted butter, room temperature; 3/4 cup sugar; 3 large eggs; 1 1/4 cups cake flour; 2 teaspoons baking powder; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 1/2 cup yellow cornmeal; 6 teaspoons grated lemon peel; 2 teaspoons lemon extract; 2 cups chilled whipping cream; 2 tablespoons sugar; 1 teaspoon lemon extract | INSTRUCTIONS: For filling: Puree berries in processor. Strain into heavy medium saucepan. Add sugar and cornstarch. Stir over medium heat until mixture boils and thickens, about 3 minutes. Cool. Cover; chill until cold, about 2 hours. Puree berries in processor. Strain into heavy medium saucepan. Add sugar and cornstarch. Stir over medium heat until mixture boils and thickens, about 3 minutes. Cool. Cover; chill until cold, about 2 hours. For cake: Preheat oven to 350°F. Lightly butter 9-inch-diameter cake pan with 2-inch-high sides. Line bottom with parchment paper. Butter parchment. Dust pan with flour; s <END>
INPUT: Italian, soup, croutons, bread, Parmesan, olive oil, leeks
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Asparagus Soup with Sun-dried Tomatoes and Parmesan Croutons | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 4 slices bread, cut into 1-inch cubes; Cooking spray; 2 tablespoons grated Parmesan; 1 tablespoon olive oil; 2 leeks, rinsed well and chopped; 2 cloves garlic, minced; 2 bay leaves; 1 teaspoon dried thyme; Roasted asparagus, chopped, about 4 cups; 1 baking potato, peeled and cut into 1-inch pieces; 6 cups reduced-sodium chicken or vegetable broth; 1/2 cup diced oil-packed sun-dried tomatoes; Special Equipment: Immersion blender, optional; Coat a large baking sheet with cooking spray | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. Arrange bread cubes on prepared baking sheet and spray with cooking spray. Sprinkle cubes with parmesan cheese. Bake for 10 to 15 minutes, or until golden brown. While the croutons are baking, heat oil in a large saucepan over medium heat. Add leeks and garlic and cook for 2 minutes, or until soft. Add bay leaves and thyme and cook for 1 minute, or until fragrant. Add asparagus, potato and broth and bring to a simmer. Reduce heat to medium, partially cover and simmer for 10 minutes, or until potato is fork tender. Remove bay leaves, and using an immersion blender <END>
INPUT: vegetables, bulgur wheat, chicken broth, bell peppers, zucchini summer squash, tomatoes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Bulgur-Stuffed Summer Vegetables | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup bulgur wheat; 1 1/4 cups chicken broth; 2 bell peppers (1 red, 1 yellow); 2 zucchini and/or yellow summer squash; 2 tomatoes; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1 small onion, chopped; 1/4 pound crimini mushrooms, chopped; 3 cloves garlic, minced; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 teaspoons chopped fresh tarragon; 1/4 cup grated Parmesan cheese | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Place the bulgur in a heatproof bowl. In a sauce pan, bring the chicken broth and 1 1/2 cups water to a boil. When the liquid has come to a boil, pour over the bulgur. Let sit until the bulgur absorbs the liquid, about 20 minutes. Meanwhile, prep the vegetables: Cut off the top third of the bell peppers. Remove the seeds and ribs leaving a 'cup' for the stuffing. Dice the flesh from the top 1/3 and reserve. Cut a 1/3 of the zucchini lengthwise to reveal the seeds. Scoop out the seeds to create a boat. Dice the remaining 1/3 piec <END>
INPUT: American, sauce, steaks, canola oil, Salt pepper, Cognac, heavy cream
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sauteed Steak with Mustard Cream Sauce | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 steaks, 1 to 1 1/2 pounds each; 2 tablespoons canola oil; Salt and pepper; 8 tablespoons Cognac; 8 tablespoons heavy cream; 4 tablespoons Dijon mustard | INSTRUCTIONS: Cut excess fat from the steaks and make small incisions around the outside wherever there is a line of gristle (between the fat and the meat). This prevents curling. Over medium-high heat, bring the oil to the smoking point. Saute the steaks on one side for 2 minutes. Turn the steaks with tongs or a fork inserted close to the rim of the fat, and saute 2 to 3 minutes. Immediately remove the steaks to a warm platter and season with salt and pepper. Cover loosely with foil while making the sauce. Discard any fat in the pan. Add the cognac and scrape up the coagulated juices. Add the cream and red <END>
INPUT: fruit, sugar maple syrup, Juice oranges, nectarines peaches, plums, bananas
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Fruit with Lemon Zabaglione | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/3 cup packed brown sugar or maple syrup; Juice of 2 oranges; 2 nectarines or peaches, halved and pitted; 3 plums, halved and pitted; 2 bananas, halved lengthwise; 1 pineapple, peeled, cored, and cut into chunks; Lemon Zabaglione; Fresh mint leaves, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Prepare a medium-hot fire (425° to 450°F) in a wood-fired grill. Stir the sugar into the orange juice until dissolved. Brush the cut fruit with the sugar mixture. Grill the fruit, cut side down, for about 5 minutes, or until the fruit is slightly soft and well marked. Move to indirect heat and continue to cook to the desired softness. Remove from the heat and set aside to cool. Slice the fruit and keep each kind in a separate bowl. Let stand at room temperature for 30 minutes to allow flavors to mix. Portion an assortment of the fruits into 6 bowls. Top with the zabaglione and garnish with min <END>
INPUT: American, swirl, vegetable oil, purchased ice cream, sugar, macadamia brittle ice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Macadamia Ice Cream and Mango Sorbet Swirl Pie | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: Nonstick vegetable oil spray; 12 purchased ice cream sugar cones (about 5 to 6 ounces), coarsely broken; 4 tablespoons sugar, divided; 6 tablespoons (3/4 stick) unsalted butter, melted; 1 pint macadamia brittle ice cream, slightly softened; 1 pint mango sorbet, slightly softened; 1 cup chilled whipping cream; 1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract; Shredded coconut, toasted | INSTRUCTIONS: Spray 9-inch-diameter glass pie dish with nonstick spray. Using on/off turns, grind cones with 3 tablespoons sugar in processor until fine crumbs form. Add butter and blend until crumbs stick together. Press crumb mixture onto bottom and up sides of prepared dish. Freeze until firm, at least 30 minutes. Scoop ice cream into large bowl. Scoop sorbet atop ice cream. Using spatula, fold and stir ice cream and sorbet briefly to swirl (do not overmix). Transfer mixture to prepared pie crust. Freeze pie until filling is hard, at least 2 hours. Do ahead: Can be made 1 day ahead. Cover and keep frozen <END>
INPUT: American, salad, button mushrooms, flat leaf parsley, virgin olive oil, lemon juice, Kosher salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fresh Mushroom and Parsley Salad | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound large button mushrooms, trimmed, cleaned and thinly sliced; 1/3 cup chopped fresh flat-leaf parsley; 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 1/4 cup fresh lemon juice; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2-ounce piece Parmesan; Serving suggestion: assorted French cheeses and Poilane Bakery-style breads | INSTRUCTIONS: In a medium salad bowl, mix together the mushrooms and parsley. In a small bowl, whisk together the oil and lemon juice until smooth. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Add the oil mixture to the salad bowl and toss until all the ingredients are coated. Using a vegetable peeler, shave the Parmesan on top and serve. <END>
INPUT: piroshki, baking potato, unsalted butter, onion, scallions, dill
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sweet-Bean Piroshki | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 large baking potato, peeled and cut into chunks; 3 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1 medium onion, peeled and chopped; 2 scallions, chopped; 3 tablespoons fresh chopped dill; 1 teaspoon salt; 1/4 teaspoon white pepper (black works, too); 1 15-ounce can kidney beans, drained; 2 15-ounce prepared piecrusts; 1 large egg, mixed with 1 tablespoon water | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. Preheat oven to 350°F. 2. In a medium saucepan, boil the potato until tender, 15 to 20 minutes. Drain; set aside. 3. In the same pan, melt 1 tablespoon of the butter over low heat. Add the onion and cook until soft, about 5 minutes. 4. Stir in the scallions and dill. Remove from heat. 5.Add the potato, salt, pepper, and the remaining butter and mash. 6. In a bowl, mash the beans. Combine them with the potato mixture. 7. Cut each piecrust into quarters. Place 2 tablespoons of filling on each. Pull the edges up to meet, pinching to seal. Brush each with the egg mixture; bake for about 20 minu <END>
INPUT: cakes, crab claw meat, jumbo lump crab, panko breadcrumbs, mayonnaise, parsley
OUTPUT: TITLE: Crab Cakes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound crab claw meat; 1 pound jumbo lump crab meat; 1/2 cup panko breadcrumbs; 1/3 cup mayonnaise; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley; 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard; 2 teaspoons seafood seasoning, such as Old Bay; 1 teaspoon hot sauce, such as Tabasco; 1 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce; 1 large egg; 4 tablespoons grapeseed oil; 3/4 cup mayonnaise; 1/4 cup buttermilk; 1/4 cup sweet relish; 2 tablespoons capers, chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: For the crab cakes: Gently pick through the crab meat to remove any shell pieces. In a bowl, combine the crab and panko breadcrumbs and mix gently. In a separate bowl, add the mayonnaise, parsley, mustard, seafood seasoning, hot sauce, Worcestershire sauce and egg and whisk to combine. Pour the crab cake base over the crab meat and mix gently by hand, trying to keep the pieces of crab together. Allow the crab cake mix to rest for 45 minutes in the refrigerator. Divide the crab cake mix into 12 portions and form into cakes. Heat a skillet over high heat. Add 2 tablespoons of the oil and sear ha <END>
INPUT: crusted, herb, chives, tarragon, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Porcini-Crusted Filet Mignon with Fresh Herb Butter | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 cup (1 1/2 sticks) butter, room temperature; 3 tablespoons chopped fresh chives; 1 1/2 tablespoons chopped fresh tarragon; 1 small garlic clove, pressed; 1 (1/2-ounce) package dried porcini mushrooms*; 6 1-inch-thick filet mignon steaks; *Available in the produce section of many supermarkets and at specialty foods stores and Italian markets | INSTRUCTIONS: Mix first 4 ingredients in small bowl for herb butter. Season butter to taste with salt and pepper. Process dried porcini mushrooms in spice grinder to fine powder. Transfer powder to plate. Sprinkle steaks with salt and pepper. Press steaks into porcini powder to coat both sides well. Melt 2 tablespoons herb butter in heavy large nonstick skillet over medium heat. Add steaks to skillet and cook to desired doneness, about 6 minutes per side for medium-rare. Transfer steaks to plates. Spoon rounded tablespoon of herb butter atop each steak and serve. Mix first 4 ingredients in small bowl for he <END>
INPUT: balls, popcorn kernels, peanut oil, sugar, candy corn
OUTPUT: TITLE: Candy Corn Popcorn Balls | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 tablespoons popcorn kernels; 1/4 cup peanut oil; 1/2 cup sugar; Cooking spray; 1 cup candy corn; 1/2 cup salted roasted peanuts; 4 cups mini marshmallows (about 2/3 of a 10-ounce bag); 4 tablespoons unsalted butter | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat a large pot over medium-high heat; add the popcorn kernels and peanut oil. When the oil starts to sizzle, sprinkle the sugar over the kernels. Cover with a tight-fitting lid and shake the pot until the popping slows down, about 8 minutes. Remove from the heat and set aside to cool. Spray a large bowl with cooking spray and add the popcorn, candy corn and peanuts. Combine the marshmallows and butter in a large pot over medium-high heat. Cook, stirring, until melted and smooth, about 5 minutes. Pour the melted marshmallow mixture over the popcorn mixture and gently toss to coat. Coat your h <END>
INPUT: Italian, burritos, French lentils, olive oil, onion, garlic, carrots
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cashew Chard "Burritos" | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup dried French green lentils; 1 teaspoon olive oil; 1 medium onion, peeled and finely diced (about 1 1/2 to 2 cups); 2 cloves garlic, minced; 1 cup carrots, finely diced (2 medium or 3 small carrots); 6 ounces firm tofu, rinsed, patted dry, and diced (about 1 cup); 1/2 cup (2 1/2 ounces) raw whole cashews; 2 tablespoons fresh basil leaves, finely chopped or 1 1/2 teaspoons dried; 2 tablespoons fresh oregano leaves, finely chopped or 1 1/2 teaspoons dried; 1 teaspoon ground cumin; 1/2 teaspoon sea salt; 1/4 teaspoon dried hot red pepper flakes; 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 6 large, unblemished Swiss chard leaves, trimmed plus extras in case of breakage; Special equipment: large collapsible steamer basket | INSTRUCTIONS: In large bowl, combine lentils and enough water to cover by 2 inches. Cover and refrigerate at least 6 hours. Drain lentils and transfer to small saucepan. Add 3 cups cold water, place over moderate heat, and bring to boil. Cover, reduce heat to moderately low and simmer gently until lentils are completely tender, about 45 minutes. Drain and let cool. In large bowl, combine lentils and enough water to cover by 2 inches. Cover and refrigerate at least 6 hours. Drain lentils and transfer to small saucepan. Add 3 cups cold water, place over moderate heat, and bring to boil. Cover, reduce heat to  <END>
INPUT: American, carbonara, Kosher salt, elbow macaroni, bacon, virgin olive oil, half half
OUTPUT: TITLE: Macaroni and Cheese Carbonara | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: Kosher salt; 1 pound elbow macaroni; 8 slices bacon, cut into 1/2-inch pieces; Extra-virgin olive oil; 2 1/2 cups half-and-half; Freshly ground black pepper; 1 pound cream cheese, room temperature; 8 ounces sharp Cheddar, shredded (about 3 cups); 3 ounces Gruyere, shredded (about 1 cup); 4 scallions, thinly sliced; 1 cup panko bread crumbs | INSTRUCTIONS: Set an oven rack about 6 inches from the heat source and preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add the macaroni and cook until it is al dente, about 6 minutes. Strain, reserving 1 3/4 cups of the pasta water. Set aside. Cook the bacon in a large saucepan over medium heat until it is crispy and most of the fat has been rendered, about 15 minutes. Transfer the bacon to a paper-towel-lined plate. Pour the fat into a small heat-safe measuring cup. Add enough olive oil to total 1/4 cup of fat. Reserve. Carefully wipe out the saucepan (or give it a quick rin <END>
INPUT: Mexican, jerk, cool, honey, lime juice, pineapple, mint leaves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken with Jerk Sauce and Cool Pineapple Salsa | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon honey; 1 tablespoon lime juice; 1 cup finely diced pineapple; 1/3 cup finely diced, seeded English cucumber; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh mint leaves; 4 teaspoons olive oil, divided; 4 skinless, boneless chicken breast halves, about 5 ounces each, pounded to 1/2-inch thick; 1 cup chopped scallions (about 6 scallions); 1/2 Scotch bonnet or habanero chile pepper, seeded and finely minced (wear gloves when handling); 1 clove garlic, minced; 1 teaspoon grated fresh ginger, or 1/4 teaspoon ground; 1 teaspoon allspice; 1 1/2 teaspoons fresh thyme or 1/2 teaspoon dried; 1/2 cup low-sodium chicken broth; 2 tablespoons reduced-sodium soy sauce | INSTRUCTIONS: In a small bowl whisk together the honey and the lime juice. Combine the pineapple, cucumber and mint in a medium bowl, pour the dressing over and toss to combine. Set aside. Heat 2 teaspoons of olive oil in a large skillet over a medium-high heat. Add the chicken breasts and cook for about 4 minutes on each side, or until browned and cooked through. Transfer the chicken to a plate and cover with foil to keep warm. Add the remaining 2 teaspoons of oil to the pan. Stir in the scallions, pepper, garlic, ginger, allspice, and thyme. Cook for 30 seconds over a medium heat. Add the chicken broth an <END>
INPUT: American, soup, baking pumpkin, vegetable oil, unsalted butter, onion, kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Whole Pumpkin Pie Soup | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 whole baking pumpkin, approximately 4 pounds, rinsed; 2 teaspoons vegetable oil; 1 tablespoon unsalted butter; 1/2 small yellow onion, diced; 1 teaspoon kosher salt; 1 clove garlic, minced; 1 small apple, peeled, cored, and diced; 1 cup low-sodium chicken broth; 1/2 cup heavy cream; 2 ounces goat cheese; 1 teaspoon fresh thyme leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Heat the oven to 375 degrees F. Make a lid on the top of the pumpkin by cutting around the stem at a 45 degree angle. Make sure the opening is large enough to work within. Remove the seeds and fibers with a metal spoon or ice cream scoop and kitchen shears. Reserve the seeds for another use. Brush the exterior of the pumpkin and the lid with vegetable oil. Oil a round casserole dish large enough to hold the pumpkin and place the pumpkin inside. Combine the butter, onion, salt, garlic, apples, chicken broth, and heavy cream in the hollow pumpkin. Replace the lid o <END>
INPUT: American, canola oil, piece skirt steak, Kosher salt pepper, garlic, Worcestershire sauce
OUTPUT: TITLE: Marinated Skirt Steak with Quick-Pickled Feta | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 4 tablespoons canola oil, divided; 1 1/2 to 2 pound piece skirt steak; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 6 cloves garlic, peeled and grated on a vegetable grater or zester, or pressed in garlic press; 2 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce; 2 sprigs fresh rosemary, stemmed and leaves coarsely chopped (about 2 teaspoons); 2 teaspoons fennel seeds, lightly toasted and crushed; 4 ounces feta, crumbled; 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar; 2 tablespoons dried oregano; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil | INSTRUCTIONS: For the steak: Heat a cast iron or heavy-bottomed skillet and add half of the oil. When the oil begins to smoke lightly, season the steak on both sides with salt and use a pair of tongs to carefully drop it into the hot oil in the skillet. Cook it on the first side for 1 minute and then turn it on the second side for another minute. In a small bowl, stir together the garlic, Worcestershire sauce, rosemary, and fennel seeds. Remove the steak from the skillet; it will still be barely cooked. Use the back of a spoon to spread the garlic mixture on both sides of the steak and allow it to rest for  <END>
INPUT: pancakes, crème fraîche sour, horseradish, parsley, russet potatoes, parsnips
OUTPUT: TITLE: Potato-Parsnip Pancakes with Smoked Salmon | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 tablespoons crème fraîche or sour cream; 2 tablespoons prepared white horseradish; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley; 3/4 pound russet potatoes, peeled; 1/2 pound parsnips, peeled; 1/2 cup finely chopped onion; 3 tablespoons chopped chives; 1 large egg, beaten to blend; 4 tablespoons olive oil; 12 thin slices smoked salmon (about 6 ounces) | INSTRUCTIONS: Mix crème fraîche, horseradish and 1 tablespoon parsley in small bowl. (Can be made 3 hours ahead. Cover and chill.) Preheat oven to 250°F. Coarsely grate potatoes and parsnips into medium bowl. Mix in onion, 2 tablespoons chives and remaining 1 tablespoon parsley. Season with salt and pepper. Mix in egg. Divide potato mixture into 4 equal portions. Heat 1 tablespoon oil in medium nonstick skillet over medium heat. Add 1 potato portion to skillet; flatten to 5-inch round. Cook until golden brown on bottom, about 5 minutes. Turn pancake over and cook until brown on bottom and cooked through, ab <END>
INPUT: garnish, vine ripened tomatoes, capers, sherry wine vinegar, Touch olive oil, Salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tomato Garnish | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 vine ripened tomatoes; 1 tablespoon capers, drained; 1 tablespoon sherry wine vinegar; Touch of olive oil; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; Snipped chives | INSTRUCTIONS: Peel, seed and dice the tomatoes; season them to taste with capers and vinegar and just a touch of oil; season with salt and pepper. Place a bed of the diced tomatoes on each diner's plate, leaving enough room in the center for the shad. When the shad is out of the oven, center it in the middle of the tomatoes and garnish with chives. <END>
INPUT: back, seat, bourbon, lemonade iced tea, Ice cubes, creme de menthe, Lemon wheel
OUTPUT: TITLE: Back Seat Biker Bourbon Iced Tea | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 part bourbon (recommended: Jim Beam); 2 parts lemonade iced tea (recommended: Snapple); Ice cubes; Splash white creme de menthe; Lemon wheel, for garnish; Mint sprig, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Pour bourbon and lemonade iced tea into a collins glass filled with ice. Add a splash of creme de menthe and stir. Serve garnished with a lemon wheel and a sprig of mint. <END>
INPUT: Asian, sunny, cookies, granulated sugar, unsulfured molasses, ginger, egg
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sunny's Ginger Molasses Cookies | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup granulated sugar; 1 1/2 sticks (3/4 cup) salted butter, softened; 2 tablespoons unsulfured molasses; 1 tablespoon grated fresh ginger; 1 large egg; 2 cups all-purpose flour; 1 teaspoon baking powder; 1/2 teaspoon pumpkin pie spice; About 1/3 cup granulated sugar, for dusting; 24 pieces crystallized ginger candy (1/2- to 1-inch pieces) | INSTRUCTIONS: Blend the wet: In a stand mixer with the paddle attachment or in a large bowl using a hand mixer on medium, blend the sugar and butter until lighter in color and fluffy. Add the molasses and ginger and blend until smooth. Then add in the egg and blend until incorporated. Add the dry: In a large bowl, whisk together the flour, baking powder and pumpkin pie spice. Reduce the mixer speed and add the flour mixture in 3 parts, slowly blending and scraping the sides of the bowl to include all the dough. Refrigerate for 30 minutes. Roll, bake and top: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line 2 baking  <END>
INPUT: loukoumathes, fritters, envelope active yeast, water, flour, milk, eggs
OUTPUT: TITLE: Loukoumathes: Fritters with Honey and Cinnamon | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 envelope active dry yeast; 3 cups warm water; 4 cups flour; 1 cup milk; 2 eggs, beaten; 1 teaspoon vanilla; Vegetable oil, for frying; 2 cups honey; 1/4 cup sugar; 1 cup water; Cinnamon, ground, to taste | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large bowl, dissolve yeast in 2 cups warm water, proof for 5 minutes. Add 2 cups of flour to the yeast mixture, whisk to incorporate. Add in the milk and eggs. When fully mixed, add in the other 2 cups of flour. Batter should be thick but not solid, if necessary, thin with more water. Whisk in vanilla. Cover and let rise for about 2 hours. For the syrup, in a small pot mix together the honey, sugar, and water and bring to a boil, turn down and simmer until completely dissolved and keep warm. Heat the oil to 360 degrees and with a large spoon, drop the batter into the hot oil. It will imme <END>
INPUT: kugel, currants, sour cream, cottage cheese, eggs, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Orange Currant Noodle Kugel | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup currants; 11/3 cups sour cream; 11/3 cups cottage cheese; 3 large eggs; 1/2 cup sugar; 5 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted; 1 tablespoon freshly grated orange zest; 1 teaspoon vanilla; 1/2 teaspoon cinnamon; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 1/2 pound wide egg noodles; 1 large Granny Smith apple; 1/3 cup sliced blanched almonds | INSTRUCTIONS: In a small bowl soak currants in hot water to cover 5 minutes and drain well. In a blender blend together sour cream, cottage cheese, eggs, 1/4 cup plus 2 tablespoons sugar, 3 tablespoons butter, zest, vanilla, 1/4 teaspoon cinnamon, and salt until smooth. Preheat oven to 350 degrees and butter a 2- quart gratin dish or other shallow baking dish. In a kettle of salted boiling water cook noodles until tender, about 5 minutes, and drain well. Peel apple and grate coarse into a bowl. Add noodles and toss with sour cream mixture and currants. Transfer mixture to prepared dish. In a small bowl stir <END>
INPUT: Mexican, chorizo, paella, chicken wings, Spanish onion, celery, carrot, bay leaves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken-Chorizo Paella | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound chicken wings; 1 cup chopped Spanish onion; 1/2 cup sliced celery; 1/2 cup sliced carrot; 2 fresh bay leaves; 6 sprigs thyme; 12 black peppercorns; 3 juniper berries; 1 tablespoon saffron threads; 2 Spanish onions (1 quartered, 1 thinly sliced); 1 fresh bay leaf; 2 stalks celery, sliced; 1 1/2 pounds skin-on, boneless chicken thighs, fat trimmed; 1/2 cup ketchup; 2 tablespoons smoked Spanish paprika | INSTRUCTIONS: Make the stock: Combine the chicken wings, onion, celery, carrot, bay leaves, thyme, peppercorns and juniper berries in a large pot and add water to cover. Bring to a simmer over medium low to medium heat; simmer, uncovered, 45 minutes. Add the saffron and simmer 15 more minutes. Strain the stock: Pour the stock through a fine strainer; discard the solids. (If not using immediately, let cool, then cover and refrigerate up to 3 days or freeze up to 3 months.) Poach the chicken: Bring 8 cups water, the quartered onion, bay leaf and celery to a simmer in a large pot over medium heat. Add the chic <END>
INPUT: sauce, butternut squash, olive oil, shallots, Salt pepper, bay leaf
OUTPUT: TITLE: Butternut Squash Sauce with Sage | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 large butternut squash, about 1 1/2 pounds; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 2 shallots, minced; Salt and pepper; 1 bay leaf; Pinch ground nutmeg; 6 fresh sage leaves, cut in thin strips; 1 cup chicken broth; 1/2 cup freshly grated Pecorino Romano; Chopped chestnuts, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Cut the butternut squash in half lengthwise to remove the seeds and strings. Peel the skin using a paring knife and cut the squash into small cubes. Place the olive oil and shallots in a deep skillet over medium heat. When the shallots begin to color, add the squash and season with salt and pepper. Saute a few minutes to lightly caramelize the surface of the cubes. Add the bay leaf, nutmeg, sage, and chicken broth. Cover the pan and cook until the squash is tender but still holding its shape, about 8 minutes. Puree the sauce with a standard or immersion blender a <END>
INPUT: cookies, dark sugar, egg, all purpose flour, baking soda
OUTPUT: TITLE: Brown Sugar Cookies | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 sticks (6 ounces) unsalted butter, at room temperature; 1 1/4 cups dark brown sugar; 1 large egg, at room temperature; 2 cups all-purpose flour; 2 teaspoons baking soda; 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt; 1/2 teaspoon ground ginger; 1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon | INSTRUCTIONS: • Preheat the oven to 375°F. • Place the butter and sugar in the bowl of a mixer fitted with a paddle and beat until smooth and creamy. Add the egg and beat well. Scrape down the sides of the bowl. Place the flour, baking soda, salt, and spices in a separate bowl and mix well. Add to the butter mixture and beat until everything is well incorporated. Scrape down the sides of the bowl and beat again. • Drop large teaspoonfuls of dough onto an unbuttered cookie sheet about 2 inches apart and bake until the edges are just brown, 8 to 12 minutes. For crispy cookies, let cool on the sheet. Let the c <END>
INPUT: spiced, holiday, flour, baking soda, McCormick® Cinnamon, McCormick® Nutmeg
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spiced Holiday Sugar Cookies | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Cookies:; 2 1/3 cups flour; 1 teaspoon baking soda; 1 teaspoon McCormick® Cinnamon, Ground; 1/4 teaspoon McCormick® Nutmeg, Ground; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 1 1/4 cups granulated sugar; 1 cup (2 sticks) butter, softened; 1 egg; 2 teaspoons McCormick® Pure Vanilla Extract; Colorful Cookie Icing:; 1 cup confectioners' sugar; 3 to 4 teaspoons milk; 1/2 teaspoon McCormick® Pure Vanilla Extract; 3 to 4 drops McCormick® Assorted Food Colors & Egg Dye | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. Mix flour, baking soda, cinnamon, nutmeg and salt in medium bowl. Set aside. Beat granulated sugar and butter in large bowl with electric mixer on medium speed until light and fluffy. Add egg and vanilla; mix well. Gradually beat in flour mixture on low speed until well mixed. Refrigerate dough 2 hours or overnight until firm. 2. Preheat oven to 375 degrees F. Roll out dough on lightly floured surface* to 1/8-inch thickness. Cut into shapes with favorite cookie cutters. Place on greased baking sheets. 3. Bake 8 to 10 minutes or until lightly browned. Cool on baking sheets 1 minute. Remove t <END>
INPUT: pancakes, flour, salt, baking powder, eggs, milk
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pancakes with Dulce de Leche | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 cup flour; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1 teaspoon baking powder; 2 eggs; 2/3 cup milk; 1/3 cup water; 1 cup dulce de leche (caramelized condensed milk)*; 2 tablespoons melted butter; Sugar, for garnish; Whipped cream, for garnish; Mint sprigs, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: In a bowl combine flour, salt, baking powder, milk, eggs, and water. Stir to combine and refrigerate for 3 to 6 hours. Preheat oven at 350 degrees F. Heat a 8-inch non-stick pan. Pour about 3 to 4 ounces of batter into the pan and swirl the pan to coat the pan evenly. When the edges begin to brown, peel the pancakes from the pan and flip over. After 30 seconds, remove the pancake from the pan. When all the pancakes are done, fill them with 1 to 2 tablespoons of dulce de leche and roll them up. Brush with melted butter and sprinkle with sugar. Warm in oven for 1 or 2 minutes. Remove from oven,  <END>
INPUT: American, finger, sandwiches, chicken breasts, balsamic vinegar, virgin olive oil, garlic, Salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Balsamic Grilled Chicken Finger Sandwiches with Sundried Tomatoes and Herbed Goat Cheese Spread | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 1/4 pounds boneless chicken breasts; 1 cup balsamic vinegar; 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 2 cloves garlic, minced; Salt; Pepper; 1 cup sundried tomatoes, soaked for 15 minutes in hot water; 8 ounces creamy goat cheese; 1/4 cup sour cream; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh oregano leaves; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh basil leaves; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh thyme leaves; 1 pound foccacia bread | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine the chicken breasts, vinegar, olive oil, and garlic. Season with salt and pepper. Marinate for at least 4 hours or overnight. Preheat the grill. Remove the chicken from the marinade. Place the chicken on the grill and grill for 4 minutes per side, or until the juices run clear. Remove the chicken from the grill and set aside. In a food processor, combine the sundried tomatoes, goat cheese, sour cream, oregano, basil and thyme. Process until well blended. Season the cheese mixture with salt and pepper. Set aside. Slice each chicken breast half in half. You should have 18 pieces that are <END>
INPUT: shoestring, Canola oil, Idaho potatoes, mayonnaise, garlic, lemon juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Shoestring Potatoes with Garlic Mayo | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Canola oil, for frying; 3 large Idaho potatoes, peeled; 1/2 cup mayonnaise; 2 tablespoons minced garlic; 1 tablespoon lemon juice; Salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large heavy-bottomed saucepan, pour enough oil to fill the pan about a third of the way. Heat over medium heat until a deep-frying thermometer inserted in the oil reaches 365 degrees F. Line a sheet tray with paper towels. Cut the potatoes using the thin julienne attachment of a mandolin. Rinse the potatoes in water, then spin dry in a salad spinner. Make sure the potatoes are dry so they don't spatter in the hot oil. Fry in batches until crisp, 4 to 5 minutes. Remove the cooked fries with a slotted spoon and drain on the prepared sheet tray. Season with salt immediately. Make sure the oi <END>
INPUT: slab bacon, garlic, olive oil, squid, Salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Squid with Bacon and Garlic Oil | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 8 ounces slab bacon, cut into lardons; 6 cloves garlic, finely chopped; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 2 pounds fresh squid, cleaned and sliced into rings; Salt and freshly ground pepper; 3 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley leaves; 1 tablespoon freshly chopped thyme leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: Place the bacon in a medium saute pan over medium heat and cook until lightly golden brown and the fat has been rendered. Increase the heat to high and add the garlic, olive oil, and squid, and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Cook the squid for 2 to 3 minutes or until just cooked through. Stir in the herbs and serve. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, cake, turtle beans, tomatoes, cilantro, cumin, ancho chili powder
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pan Fried Moi with Black Bean Cake and Crispy Plantain | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups black turtle beans, cooked and roughly ground; 1/2 cup tomatoes, seeded and diced; 1/4 cup cilantro, chopped; 2 tablespoons cumin; 2 tablespoons ancho chili powder; 2 tablespoons garlic, minced; 6 tablespoon vegetable oil; 4 Moi fillets, pine bones removed, skin on (or substitute English sole); 1 firm plantain, peeled and sliced very thin; Additional peanut oil for deep-frying; Salt and pepper to taste; Cilantro sprigs for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: In a medium size mixing bowl mix the beans, tomato, cilantro, cumin, ancho chili powder, garlic and salt and pepper. Mix thoroughly and form into 4 even sized cakes. In a medium size teflon saute pan heat a small amount of vegetable oil and brown off both sides and keep warm in the oven until the Moi is done. In the same saute pan, heat a little more oil and saute the Moi, skin side down first. Deep fry the plantain slices, season with salt and set aside. Serve the Moi with the black bean cakes and garnish with fried plantains and cilantro. <END>
INPUT: tart, Pepperidge Farm® Puff, slivered almond, sugar, plums, vanilla ice cream
OUTPUT: TITLE: Caramelized Plum Tart | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 of a 17.3-ounce package Pepperidge Farm® Puff Pastry Sheets (1 sheet), thawed; 1/2 cup slivered almond, finely ground; 1/4 cup sugar; 3 medium plums, pitted and cut into thin slices; 2 cups vanilla ice cream | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat the oven to 400 degrees F. Unfold the pastry on a baking sheet. Sprinkle the pastry sheet with the almonds and 2 tablespoons sugar to within 1/4-inch of the edge. Arrange the plum slices on the pastry sheet, overlapping slightly, if needed. Sprinkle the plums with the remaining sugar. Bake for 20 minutes or until the crust is golden brown. Top each serving with 1/2 cup ice cream, if desired. <END>
INPUT: Concord grapes, sugar, lemon juice, Special
OUTPUT: TITLE: Concord Grape Jam | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 5 lb Concord grapes, stemmed; 5 cups sugar; 3 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; Special equipment: 7 (1/2-pt) canning jars with lids and screw bands; a boiling-water canner or an 8- to 10-qt deep pot; an instant-read thermometer;  | INSTRUCTIONS: Sterilize jars: Wash jars, lids, and screw bands in hot, soapy water, then rinse well. Dry screw bands. Put jars on a rack in canner or deep pot and add enough water to cover by 2 inches. Bring to a boil, covered, then boil for 10 minutes. Remove from heat, leaving jars in water. Heat lids in water to cover by 2 inches in a small saucepan until thermometer registers 180°F (do not let boil). Remove from heat, leaving lids in water. Keep the jars and lids submerged in hot water, covered, until ready to use. Wash jars, lids, and screw bands in hot, soapy water, then rinse well. Dry screw bands. P <END>
INPUT: cream, broccoli florets, Macintosh apple, low fat plain, light mayonnaise, Dijon mustard
OUTPUT: TITLE: Smoked Salmon with Apple-Horseradish Cream and Black Bread | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 cups broccoli florets, steamed and divided; 1/4 cup grated Macintosh apple; 1/4 cup low-fat plain yogurt; 1/4 cup light mayonnaise; 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard; 1 tablespoon prepared horseradish; 1 (12-ounce) package smoked salmon; 1 loaf black bread, sliced into wedges; Lemon wedges; Capers | INSTRUCTIONS: Steam broccoli in a colander over simmering water or in the microwave until tender-crisp. Set aside. Meanwhile, in a medium bowl, whisk together apple, yogurt, mayonnaise, mustard, and horseradish. Arrange salmon on a serving platter. Arrange black bread slices alongside and garnish with lemon wedges and capers. Serve half of the broccoli with this meal and reserve remaining broccoli (about 2 cups) for another recipe. <END>
INPUT: Indian, spiced, milk, vanilla bean, cardamom, tea bags, honey
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spiced Tea with Cardamom | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups milk; 1/2 vanilla bean, split and seeds scraped; 1/4 teaspoon ground cardamom; 2 black tea bags; 1 tablespoon honey, or more as desired | INSTRUCTIONS: Pour the milk into a saucepan (with a spout if you have it) and add the vanilla seeds and pod and cardamom. Give it a stir. Add the tea bags, tying the string around the handle of the saucepan to easily remove the bags later. Place over medium-high heat and bring to a slight simmer, stirring occasionally, about 5 minutes. Take off the heat, remove the tea bags and discard. Stir in the honey, as much as you want. Pour into tea cups. <END>
INPUT: lava, cakes, bittersweet chocolate chips, unsalted butter, virgin olive oil, Zest orange
OUTPUT: TITLE: Orange Chocolate Lava Cakes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Nonstick cooking spray; 3/4 cup bittersweet chocolate chips; 4 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil, plus more for drizzling; Zest of 1 orange; 1/4 cup sugar; 1 whole egg, plus 1 egg yolk; 1 tablespoon all-purpose flour; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; Sea salt, for sprinkling; 1 orange, segments cut into supremes | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Spray a muffin tin with nonstick cooking spray. Melt the chocolate, butter and oil in a medium bowl in the microwave until completely melted, about 1 minute. Whisk the mixture until smooth. Stir in the orange zest and cool slightly. Whisk the sugar, egg and yolk until pale in a medium bowl. Whisk in the melted chocolate mixture. Stir in the flour and vanilla until smooth. Divide the batter among four prepared muffin tins. Bake the cakes until just barely dry on top (they will be soft in the middle), about 12 minutes. Remove the  <END>
INPUT: mediterranean, sauce, snapper, Salt pepper, fennel, thyme, oregano
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mediterranean Grilled Whole Snapper with Fennel and a Pernod Butter Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 whole red snapper, about 3 pounds, gills, gut and scales removed; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 heads fennel; 6 sprigs thyme; 2 sprigs oregano; 1 lemon, thinly sliced; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1/4 cup water; 1 lemon, juiced; 1 tablespoon Pernod; Reserved fennel leaves, from above; 6 tablespoons butter, in pieces; Salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the grill to high. Rinse the snapper in clean water. Pat dry with paper towels or a clean kitchen towel. Remove any large fins with sharp kitchen shears. Season the inside of the fish with salt and pepper. Remove the leafy green tops from the fennel heads. Using the greens from 1 of the fennel heads, stuff the inside of the fish. Reserve the fennel bulbs and the remaining greens. Add the thyme and oregano and press closed. Make 3 diagonal slices on each side of the fillet. Cut down to the bone. Insert 1 lemon slice into each slit. Brush the whole fish with olive oil and season with sal <END>
INPUT: Asian, scented, soup, cilantro, ginger very fine, scallions, water
OUTPUT: TITLE: Ginger-Scented Chicken Soup | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1 large bunch fresh cilantro (1/4 pound); 1/2 cup finely chopped peeled fresh ginger plus 1/2 cup very fine matchsticks; 1 (3-pound) whole chicken; 2 bunches scallions (7 ounces total); 10 cups water; 3/4 cup Chinese rice wine or medium-dry Sherry; 1 tablespoon salt; 3 carrots, thinly sliced crosswise; 1/2 pound dried thin egg noodles (4 cups) | INSTRUCTIONS: Coarsely chop enough cilantro leaves to measure 1/2 cup, then coarsely chop enough stems to measure 1 cup. Simmer cilantro stems, finely chopped ginger, chicken, scallions, water, rice wine, and salt in a 6- to 8-quart pot, covered, skimming fat occasionally, 1 1/2 hours. Transfer chicken to a bowl and cool to warm. While chicken cools, pour broth through a sieve into a large bowl, discarding solids. Return broth to pot, then add carrots and ginger matchsticks and boil, uncovered, until carrots are tender, 10 to 15 minutes. Shred chicken, discarding skin and bones. Add noodles to soup and boil <END>
INPUT: filled, macarons, confectioners' sugar, blanched almonds, egg whites, kosher salt, granulated sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Jam-Filled Almond Macarons | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup confectioners' sugar; 1/2 cup whole blanched almonds, very finely ground; 2 large egg whites, at room temperature; Pinch kosher salt; 2 tablespoons granulated sugar; 1/4 teaspoon almond extract; 2 to 4 drops gel food coloring, optional; 1/4 cup apricot preserves or seedless raspberry jam | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: a pastry bag A camera-ready macaron has a smooth top and the coveted "foot": a lacy ring around the bottom. But macarons are tres temperamental. These detailed directions - and practice - will guide you to macaron success. If your first batch is less than perfect, savor your macarons in all their crispy chewy glory, and try again. Position an oven rack in the center of the oven and preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Line two baking sheets with parchment paper. Using a small glass or cookie cutter (1 1/4- to 1 1/2-inch wide), trace 15 circles on each piece of parchment, leavi <END>
INPUT: American, chilled, soup, lemon grass, tomato water, unflavored gelatin, slice watermelon, chives
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chilled Lemon Grass-Tomato Soup | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 3 stalks fresh lemon grass*; 6 cups tomato water (recipe follows); 1 1/2 teaspoons unflavored gelatin; 1-inch-thick slice watermelon; 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh chives; 2 teaspoons finely chopped fresh mint leaves; 4 pounds vine-ripened red tomatoes (about 10 medium); 1 1/2 tablespoons kosher salt; 2 18-inch-square pieces cheesecloth | INSTRUCTIONS: Discard 1 or 2 outer leaves of lemon grass and trim root ends. Finely chop enough lemon grass from lower 6 inches of stalks to measure 1/4 cup total. In a small saucepan combine lemon grass and 1 cup tomato water and simmer uncovered, 10 minutes. Pour mixture through a fine sieve into another small saucepan, discarding solids, and stir in gelatin. Heat mixture over low heat, stirring until gelatin is dissolved. In a large bowl stir gelatin mixture into remaining 5 cups tomato water. Chill tomato-water mixture, covered, at least 8 hours and up to 1 day. Discard rind and seeds from watermelon an <END>
INPUT: Asian, poke, salad, ahi, macadamia nuts, sesame oil, soy sauce, pepper flakes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Ahi Poke and Seaweed Salad | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound fresh ahi (yellowfin tuna); 1 teaspoon finely chopped macadamia nuts; 1 teaspoon toasted sesame oil; 1 teaspoon soy sauce; 1/4 teaspoon dried red pepper flakes, optional; Salt; 1/4 cup shaved Maui onion; 2 tablespoons finely sliced green onions; Freshly cracked black pepper; 1/8 cup finely julienned, toasted dried seaweed | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Cut the ahi into 3/4-inch cubes and put in a large mixing bowl. Add the nuts, sesame oil, soy sauce, chili flakes and salt to taste. Lightly toss together. Then add the Maui onions and green onions and lightly toss to combine. Season with additional salt if needed and black pepper to taste. Garnish with the seaweed. To serve, spoon the poke into nonreactive serving dish and serve immediately. <END>
INPUT: American, bruleed, stone grits, Kosher salt, cheddar jarlsberg cheese, gruyere cheese, aged gouda cheese
OUTPUT: TITLE: Bruleed Cheese Grits | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup stone-ground grits; Kosher salt; 1 1/2 cups grated cheddar or jarlsberg cheese (about 6 ounces); 1 1/2 cups grated gruyere cheese (about 6 ounces); 1 cup grated aged gouda cheese (about 4 ounces); 2 tablespoons unsalted butter | INSTRUCTIONS: Put the grits in a large heatproof bowl and cover with water by 3 inches. Stir, then carefully pour off the water. Stir in 4 cups fresh water and cover the bowl tightly with aluminum foil. Fill a large wide pot halfway with water and bring to a boil. Set the bowl on top of the pot (do not let the bowl touch the water) and reduce the heat to medium; cook the grits, undisturbed, 1 hour. Uncover, add a heaping teaspoon of salt and stir until smooth. Re-cover and continue cooking, adjusting the heat as needed to keep the water at a simmer, until the grits are tender and creamy, about 1 more hour;  <END>
INPUT: summer, salad, shelled young peas, garlic flavored olive, balsamic vinegar, bell pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Summer Green Pea Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 cups shelled fresh young green peas; 3 tablespoons garlic-flavored olive oil; 2 tablespoons balsamic vinegar; 1/2 cup diced red bell pepper; 1/2 cup diced yellow bell pepper; 1/4 cup chopped red onion; 2 tablespoons chopped scallions; 3 tablespoons chopped fresh basil leaves; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/4 teaspoon ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring a large saucepan of salted water to a boil. Add the peas and simmer for 2 to 3 minutes or until just tender. Drain the peas and transfer them to a large bowl. Add the oil and vinegar, and toss to thoroughly coat the peas. Set them aside to cool to room temperature. When you are ready to serve the salad, gently stir in the bell peppers, red onion, scallions, basil, salt, and pepper. Serve immediately.; <END>
INPUT: Italian, garlic, shallot, unsalted butter, seafood stock, lobster meat
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lobster Lasagna with a Red Pepper Coulis and Mint-Pesto Sauce | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 3 cloves garlic, minced; 1 shallot, minced; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 2 cups seafood stock; 16 ounces fresh lobster meat, steamed; Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper; 10 to 12 lasagna noodles; Olive oil, for frying noodle ribbons; Red pepper coulis, recipe follows; Mint-Pesto sauce, recipe follows; 2 red bell peppers; 2 shallots, coarsely chopped; 2 cloves garlic, coarsely chopped; 2 to 3 plum tomatoes; 8 ounces seafood stock | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: food processor In a large pot, bring just enough water to cover the pasta to a boil. In a large skillet, combine the garlic, shallot, butter and seafood stock. Saute over medium-high heat until garlic and shallot have softened, about 5 minutes. Add the lobster meat, reduce heat to medium, and cook until the lobster meat is heated through and the stock mixture reduces slightly. Season with salt and pepper. Keep warm over low heat. Salt the boiling water and cook the noodles according to package directions. Once the noodles are tender, drain them into a colander, and then flat <END>
INPUT: American, ever, Pullman other bread, dab butter, Mayonnaise, few American cheese, Pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Best-Ever Grilled Cheese | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 slices Pullman or other white bread; A dab of butter; Mayonnaise; A few slices American cheese or cheddar; Pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Place 2 slices Pullman or other white bread on a cutting board and spread mayonnaise on top side of each; this is key to a golden, delectable crunch. Heat a small skillet (nonstick, ideally) over medium. Slide in a dab of butter. When it melts, place 1 slice of bread, mayonnaise side down, in skillet; top with a few slices American cheese or cheddar; season with pepper. Top with second slice of bread, mayonnaise side up. When underside is golden brown, about 4 minutes, turn sandwich and add another dab of butter to skillet. Press down on sandwich to encourage even browning and to help melt che <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, pizza, soft lavash bread, Olive oil, Japanese eggplants, Salt pepper, Spicy Hummus
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Lavash Pizza with Spicy Hummus, Grilled Eggplant, Feta, Red Chile Oil, and Mint | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 1 soft lavash bread; Olive oil; 2 small Japanese eggplants, halved; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; Spicy Hummus, recipe follows; 12 ounces crumbled feta cheese; Red Chile Oil, recipe follows; Chopped fresh mint, for garnish; 1 1/2 cups dried chickpeas, cooked until soft; 2 cloves garlic, chopped; 1/4 cup tahini; 1/4 teaspoon cayenne pepper; 1/2 teaspoon ground cumin; 1/2 lemon, juiced; 1/2 cup to 3/4 cup olive oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the grill to high. Brush the lavash with oil on both sides. Grill until golden brown on both sides. Brush the eggplant with oil and season with salt and pepper. Grill the eggplant, cut-side down, until golden brown. Turn the eggplant over and grill until just cooked through. Remove from grill and cut into 1/4-inch thick slices. Spread the hummus over the bread, top with the eggplant, and then the feta. Grill, with the cover down for 2 to 3 minutes, or until cheese is melted. Remove from the grill, drizzle with the red chile oil and sprinkle with mint. Put the chickpeas, garlic, and tah <END>
INPUT: sweet potatoes, olive oil, scant balsamic vinegar, superfine sugar, onions
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Sweet Potatoes & Fresh Figs | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 small sweet potatoes (2 1/4 lb / 1 kg in total); 5 tbsp olive oil; scant 3 tbsp / 40 ml balsamic vinegar (you can use a commercial rather than a premium aged grade); 1 1/2 tbsp / 20 g superfine sugar; 12 green onions, halved lengthwise and cut into 1 1/2-in / 4cm segments; 1 red chile, thinly sliced; 6 ripe figs (8 1/2 oz / 240 g in total), quartered; 5 oz / 150 g soft goat's milk cheese (optional); Maldon sea salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 475°F / 240°C. Wash the sweet potatoes, halve them lengthwise, and then cut each half again similarly into 3 long wedges. Mix with 3 tablespoons of the olive oil, 2 teaspoons salt, and some black pepper. Spread the wedges out, skin side down, on a baking sheet and cook for about 25 minutes, until soft but not mushy. Remove from the oven and leave to cool down. To make the balsamic reduction, place the balsamic vinegar and sugar in a small saucepan. Bring to a boil, then decrease the heat and simmer for 2 to 4 minutes, until it thickens. Be sure to remove the pan from the he <END>
INPUT: soup, butter, onion, all purpose flour, low sodium chicken, broccoli
OUTPUT: TITLE: Creamy Broccoli Soup (Frozen Broccoli) | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 stick butter; 1 large onion, finely diced; 2 tablespoons all-purpose flour; 4 to 6 cups low-sodium chicken stock, water, or combination; One 10-ounce package frozen broccoli; 1/2 to 3/4 cup heavy cream; Salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Melt butter in large, heavy pot over medium-high heat. Sweat onions, and stir in the flour until incorporated. Gradually whisk in the stock. Add the broccoli and bring to a simmer. Cook for 20 minutes. Finish with cream. Roughly puree with an immersion blender and season, to taste, with salt and pepper. <END>
INPUT: rolls, granulated sugar, cinnamon, All purpose flour, batch Basic Sweet
OUTPUT: TITLE: Classic Cinnamon Rolls | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 sticks (12 tablespoons) unsalted butter, softened, plus more for the pan; 1/3 cup granulated sugar; 2 tablespoons ground cinnamon; All-purpose flour, for dusting; 1 batch Basic Sweet-Roll Dough, recipe follows; 1 1/4 cups confectioners' sugar; 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted; 3 tablespoons milk; 1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract; Pinch of salt; 1/2 cup whole milk; 1 1/4 -ounce packet active dry yeast (2 1/4 teaspoons); 1/4 cup sugar; 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted and slightly cooled, plus more for brushing; 1 large egg yolk | INSTRUCTIONS: Make the rolls: Butter a 9-by-13-inch baking dish. Whisk the sugar and cinnamon in a bowl. On a floured surface, roll out the dough into a 10-by-18-inch rectangle. Spread the butter over the dough, leaving a 1-inch border on one of the long sides. Top with the cinnamon sugar. Brush the clean border with water. Tightly roll the dough into an 18-inch log, rolling toward the clean border; pinch the seam to seal. Slip a long taut piece of thread or unflavored floss under the roll, about 1 1/2 inches from the end. Lift the ends of the thread and cross over the roll, pulling tightly to cut off a pie <END>
INPUT: pudding, olive oil, andouille sausage, onions, celery, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Andouille Corn Pudding | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup olive oil; 2 cups andouille sausage, diced 1/2-inch; 1 cup onions, minced; 1/2 cup celery, minced; 2 tablespoon garlic, minced; 1 cup frozen corn, thawed; 1 tablespoon salt; 2 tablespoons LA spice; 6 eggs; 1 quart heavy cream; 16 cups jalapeno cornbread, 1-inch cubes | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat pan, add oil and andouille and render fat. Add onions, celery, garlic, corn and seasonings and sweat vegetables. Remove from heat and let cool. Whisk eggs and cream, add cooled andouille/vegetable mixture. Add diced cornbread to cream mixture allow to soak for 20 minutes. Add mixture to 1/2 sheet hotel pan and cover with foil. Cook pudding for 40 to 50 minutes or until set. Cut into 4-inch by 4-inch squares. <END>
INPUT: long, island, Ice, Tea Vodka, lemon juice, orange liqueur, golden rum
OUTPUT: TITLE: Long Island Green Tea | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Ice; 2 ounces Green Tea Vodka, recipe follows; 1/2-ounce freshly squeezed lemon juice; 1-ounce orange liqueur (recommended: Cointreau); 1/4-ounce golden rum; 2 to 3 teaspoons Simple Syrup, recipe follows; Flowery Ice Cubes, for garnish (optional); 1 cup vodka; 2 gunpowder green tea bags or 2 tablespoons loose gunpowder green tea; 1 cup sugar; 1 cup water; Edible flowers; Water | INSTRUCTIONS: Fill a cocktail shaker with ice. Add Green Tea Vodka, lemon juice, orange liqueur, and Simple Syrup. Cover and shake until mixed and chilled, about 30 seconds. (In general, the drink is ready by the time the shaker mists up.) Strain into a tall glass filled with Flowery Ice Cubes, if using. Place both tea bags into the vodka. Cover, shake, and let steep for 2 hours. Remove and discard the tea bags. Put the sugar and water in a small saucepan. Cook over low heat, stirring, until the sugar dissolves. (Alternatively, heat in the microwave.) Store in a sealed container in the refrigerator for up t <END>
INPUT: charlotte, mixed apples, vanilla bean, lemon, lemon juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Apple Charlotte | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 tablespoons (1/2 stick) unsalted butter; 3 pounds mixed apples, peeled, cored, and cut into 1/8-inch thick slices; 1 vanilla bean, halved lengthwise; 1 lemon, zested; 1 tablespoon freshly squeezed lemon juice; 1/2 cup sugar, or more, to taste; Custard Sauces, recipe follows; 8 to 10 slices firm white bread, crusts removed; 6 tablespoons (3/4 stick) unsalted butter, clarified; Vanilla Custard Sauce, recipe follows; 2 cups milk; 1 vanilla bean, or 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; 6 egg yolks; 1/4 cup sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: Make the filling: Melt the butter in a large heavy skillet over medium heat. Add the apples in an even layer, then the vanilla bean, lemon zest, lemon juice, and sugar. Cover and cook, stirring occasionally, until the apples are completely soft, 25 to 30 minutes. Remove the cover, increase the heat if necessary for the apples to be bubbling vigorously, and continue cooking, stirring frequently, until any liquid has evaporated and the thickened apple mixture moves around as a mass when you stir it, about 15 minutes. It may caramelize in spots, but watch it so it doesn't get too dark. Preheat ov <END>
INPUT: soup, garlic, low sodium chicken, lemon juice, tarragon leaves, Sea salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lemon Chicken Soup | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 large head garlic, cut in 1/2 horizontally through cloves; 6 cups low-sodium chicken stock; 1/2 cup fresh lemon juice, plus thin slices for garnishing; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh tarragon leaves, plus more for garnishing; Sea salt and freshly cracked black pepper; 2 boneless skinless chicken breasts, preferably organic, cut into bite-size pieces | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Put the garlic halves, cut side down, on a sheet of aluminum foil on a rimmed baking sheet. Add 2 tablespoons chicken stock and wrap the foil around the garlic, keeping the cut sides flat on the sheet tray. Roast until the garlic is very soft, about 30 minutes. Remove the garlic from the oven and let stand until cool enough to handle. Squeeze the soft garlic from the head with your fingers into a large saucepan. Whisk in 1 cup of the stock to loosen the garlic paste and put the pot over medium-high heat. Add the remaining stock, lemon juice, and chopped tarra <END>
INPUT: Yukon gold potatoes, leeks, unsalted butter, milk
OUTPUT: TITLE: Potato and Leek Purée | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound Yukon gold potatoes, peeled, washed, and quartered; 2 leeks, trimmed, cleaned, and cut into 1-inch pieces; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1/2 cup whole milk | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. In a large pot with water just to cover, boil the potatoes and leeks forabout 30 minutes, until the potatoes are tender and easily pierced with the tip of a knife. Drain, reserving the water, and remove the potatoes. Pass them through a ricer. Set aside. 2. Transfer the leeks to a food processor fitted with a steel blade and purée. 3. Melt the butter in a heavy saucepan over medium heat. Add the riced potatoes. Gradually stir in the milk, beating with a wooden spoon until creamy. Stir in the puréed leeks. Stir in some of the reserved potato water for a more liquid consistency. 4. Serve imme <END>
INPUT: cheesecake, sweet potato, loaf cake, granulated sugar, eggs
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sweet Potato Cheesecake | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 medium sweet potato; 1 loaf pound cake (about 20 thin slices); 3 (8-ounce) packages cream cheese, at room temperature; 1 cup granulated sugar; 3 eggs; 1 cup heavy cream; 1 teaspoon lemon extract; 2 teaspoons vanilla extract; 2 teaspoons ground nutmeg | INSTRUCTIONS: Boil the sweet potato until tender, about 20 to 30 minutes. Cool, peel, mash, and set aside. (Should yield about 1 cup). Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Line 2 (9-inch) pie plates with thin slices of pound cake. Firmly press into bottom of pans. Set aside. In a large bowl, beat cream cheese until fluffy. Gradually add sugar. Mix well. Add eggs, 1 at a time, beating well after each. Pour in cream. Mix well. Add mashed sweet potato. Mix well. Stir in lemon extract, vanilla extract, and nutmeg. Mix well. Pour into lined pans. Bake 45 minutes to 1 hour, or until center is almost set. Remove from th <END>
INPUT: American, cheese, pepper flakes, Wedge Manchego sharp, Multigrain crackers baguette, unseasoned rice vinegar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pickled Grapes with Cheese | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound green, red or black seedless California grapes, stemmed and rinsed; Large pinch red pepper flakes; Wedge of Manchego or sharp cheddar; Multigrain crackers or toasted baguette slices; 1 cup unseasoned rice vinegar; 1 cup sugar; 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt; 1 teaspoon whole black peppercorns; 1/2 teaspoon whole cloves | INSTRUCTIONS: With a sharp paring knife, cut an X in the stem end of each grape. Divide between 3 pint size canning jars. Combine the vinegar, sugar, salt, peppercorns, cloves and pepper flakes in a small saucepan and bring to a boil. Stir just until the sugar has dissolved and pour over the grapes. Cover and refrigerate at least 1 hour. Serve with the cheese and crackers or bread. <END>
INPUT: soup, olive oil, crabs, water, wine, bottled clam juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Crab and Roasted Red Bell Pepper Soup | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup olive oil; 2 1 1/2-pound cooked whole crabs, meat removed, shells coarsely broken, meat and shells reserved; 10 cups water; 1 750-ml bottle of dry white wine; 3 cups bottled clam juice; 4 celery stalks, chopped; 3 carrots, chopped; 2 onions, chopped; 1 cup chopped fresh parsley; 2 fresh thyme sprigs; 2 bay leaves; 2 red bell peppers; 5 tablespoons butter, room temperature; 3 tablespoons all purpose flour; 1/2 cup chopped fresh Italian parsley | INSTRUCTIONS: Make broth: Heat 1/4 cup olive oil in heavy large wide pot over medium-high heat. Add crab shells and sauté until fragrant, about 10 minutes. Add 10 cups water and next 8 ingredients; bring to boil. Reduce heat to medium-low. Simmer until broth is reduced to 12 cups, about 30 minutes. Strain broth through sieve lined with cheesecloth. Cool. Spoon fat from top of broth. Heat 1/4 cup olive oil in heavy large wide pot over medium-high heat. Add crab shells and sauté until fragrant, about 10 minutes. Add 10 cups water and next 8 ingredients; bring to boil. Reduce heat to medium-low. Simmer until b <END>
INPUT: chinese, fire, flank steak, chicken breast, shrimp, fish balls, bay scallops
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chinese Fire Pot Fish Balls | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 pounds flank steak, sliced thinly against the grain; 2 pounds chicken breast, thinly sliced; 1 pound large shrimp, U-15's peeled and de-veined (15 shrimp per pound); 20 fish balls; 2 pounds bay scallops; 3 packages soaked mung bean noodles; 4 Shanghai cabbage, whole leaves; 4 baby bok choy, whole leaves; 1 napa cabbage large chopped; 2 quarts chicken stock; 1 pound shiitake mushrooms, de-stemmed; Boiling water; 2 pounds Chilean sea bass or other fatty white fish; 4 eggs, separated; 1 teaspoon white pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: Electric wok to keep cooking liquid boiling Small Chinese strainers Rice bowls and side plates Chopsticks Chinese spoons Spoons for all of the above condiments Huge appetite In a food processor, puree fish with egg yolks until smooth. Add pepper, salt, sesame oil, fish sauce, and chilies; pulse processor a few times. Transfer mousse to a large, chilled bowl and fold in the scallions. Using a mixer, lift the egg whites to a stiff peak. Gently fold in the egg whites with the mousse. Cook a very small portion either in boiling water or in a microwave oven to verify seasonings.  <END>
INPUT: lava, cakes, semisweet chocolate, butter, powdered sugar, eggs, hazelnut extract
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate Hazelnut Lava Cakes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 ounces semisweet chocolate; 1/2 stick butter; 2 cups powdered sugar; 4 eggs; 1 tablespoon hazelnut extract; 3/4 cup all-purpose flour; Nonstick spray; 1 tablespoon hazelnut liqueur; Nutella; Vanilla ice cream; Chocolate shavings | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. Spray 8 small custard cups or souffle dishes with nonstick spray. Place on baking sheet. Heat chocolate and butter in large glass bowl resting over a pan of boiling water until butter is melted. Stir with wire whisk until chocolate is completely melted. Stir in sugar until well blended. Blend in eggs 1 at a time, so that the eggs do not cook. Stir in Hazelnut extract and flour. Divide batter evenly among prepared and nonstick sprayed custard cups, about 2/3 to 3/4 of the way full. Bake 12 to 14 minutes or until sides are firm but centers are soft. Let stand 1 min <END>
INPUT: Asian, spread, tofu cake, rice miso, tahini, lemon juice, broccoli sprouts
OUTPUT: TITLE: Broccoli Sprout-Tofu Spread on Toast | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 8 oz. tofu cake; 1 tbsp. white or brown rice miso; 4 tbsp. tahini; 2 tbsp. lemon juice; 1 cup broccoli sprouts; 10 slices toasted whole grain bread | INSTRUCTIONS: In a small bowl, mash the tofu, miso, tahini and lemon juice together with a fork until thoroughly mixed. Lightly chop sprouts, then fold into tofu mixture. Spread thickly on toast. Top with extra broccoli sprouts. Keep refrigerated in a covered jar. In a small bowl, mash the tofu, miso, tahini and lemon juice together with a fork until thoroughly mixed. Lightly chop sprouts, then fold into tofu mixture. Spread thickly on toast. Top with extra broccoli sprouts. Keep refrigerated in a covered jar. <END>
INPUT: herbs, golden beets, Kosher salt, plain fat Greek, mint torn leaves, tarragon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Beet Yogurt with Herbs | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 medium red or golden beets (about 1 pound), trimmed; Kosher salt; 1 1/2 cups plain 2% fat Greek yogurt; 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh mint plus torn leaves for serving; 1 teaspoon finely chopped fresh tarragon; 1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil; 2 teaspoons (or more) red wine vinegar | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 450°. Place beets in a small baking dish and add hot water to come 1/2" up sides of dish; season with salt. Cover beets with a piece of parchment paper, then cover dish tightly with foil. Cook beets until tender, about 1 hour. Remove beets from baking dish, let cool slightly, then rub off skins with a paper towel. Coarsely grate beets. Mix beets, yogurt, chopped mint, tarragon, oil, and 2 teaspoons vinegar in a medium bowl; season with salt and more vinegar, if desired. Cover and chill at least 3 hours to let flavors meld. Top beet yogurt with mint leaves. DO AHEAD: Beet yogurt <END>
INPUT: Italian, scalloped, Good olive oil, plum tomatoes, garlic, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Scalloped Tomatoes | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: Good olive oil; 2 cups (1/2-inch diced) bread from a French boule, crusts removed; 16 plum tomatoes, cut 1/2-inch dice (about 2 1/2 pounds); 1 tablespoon minced garlic (3 cloves); 2 tablespoons sugar; 2 teaspoons kosher salt; 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 1/2 cup julienned basil leaves, lightly packed; 1 cup freshly grated Parmesan cheese | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Heat 3 tablespoons of olive oil in a large (12 inch) saute pan over medium heat. Add the bread cubes and stir to coat with the oil. Cook over medium to medium-high heat for 5 minutes, stirring often, until the cubes are evenly browned. Meanwhile, combine the tomatoes, garlic, sugar, salt, and pepper in a large bowl. When the bread cubes are done, add the tomato mixture and continue to cook, stirring often, for 5 minutes. Off the heat, stir in the basil. Pour the tomato mixture into a shallow (6 to 8 cup) baking dish. Sprinkle evenly with the Parmesan cheese a <END>
INPUT: Italian, soup, tomatoes, unsalted butter, onion, salt, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tomato Soup | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 3 pounds ripe tomatoes (about 9 globe or 24 plum), stemmed, halved, and seeded; 3 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1 medium white onion, chopped; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 1/2 teaspoon sugar; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh basil; 2 teaspoons chopped fresh oregano | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the boiler. Place the tomatoes cut side down on a rimmed baking sheet and broil until the skins begin to char and burst, 10 to 12 minutes. Remove from the oven. When cool enough to handle, remove the charred skins. Meanwhile, heat a large saucepan over medium heat. Add the butter and then the onion. Cook and stir until tender but not brown, 3 to 5 minutes. Add the tomatoes and simmer until the tomatoes have cooked down, about 20 minutes. Season with the salt, pepper, and sugar and add the basil and oregano. Serve immediately, or remove from the heat and cool completely before storing i <END>
INPUT: torte, butter, firmly dark sugar, all purpose flour, very
OUTPUT: TITLE: Kona Coffee Apple Torte | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 tablespoons butter; 1/4 cup firmly packed dark brown sugar; 1 1/2 cups all-purpose flour; 1/3 cup very finely ground, fresh, medium roasted Kona coffee beans; 1/2 cup chopped, freshly roasted macadamia nuts; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; 2 tablespoons Kona coffee liquid, chilled; 3 large apples, peeled and sliced; 1 cup firmly packed dark brown sugar; 1 tablespoon flour; 1/4 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg; 1/2 teaspoon cinnamon; 1/4 teaspoon cloves; 1 teaspoon fresh ground Kona coffee; 3 tablespoons butter, cut into small pieces | INSTRUCTIONS: Crust: In a mixing bowl cream the butter, brown sugar, flour, and ground coffee together. Process until mixture is evenly fine textured. Add the nuts. In a separate bowl, combine the vanilla and coffee liquids together, then add them to the nut mixture. Process only until mixed, do not overprocess. Turn mixture into 9-inch pie plate, spread, and press evenly and lightly over the bottom and sides. Filling: Arrange apple slices around the edge of the crust-covered pan. Chop some pieces into cubes for the center. In a small bowl, combine the brown sugar, flour, nutmeg, cinnamon, cloves, and coffe <END>
INPUT: Mexican, kebabs, salsa, orange juice, lemon juice, olive oil, chili powder, cayenne pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Shark Kebabs with Orange-Avocado Salsa | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup orange juice; 3 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1 1/2 tablespoons chili powder; 1/4 teaspoon cayenne pepper; 1 1/2 pounds 1-inch-thick shark fillets, cut into 1-inch cubes; 1 large orange, peel and pith cut away, cubed; 1/2 cup chopped red onion; 1/4 cup chopped fresh cilantro; 1 tablespoon chopped garlic; 1 large serrano or jalapeño chili, minced; 1 large avocado, peeled, pitted, cubed | INSTRUCTIONS: Mix orange juice, 2 tablespoons lemon juice, 1 tablespoon olive oil, chili powder and cayenne pepper in large bowl. Add shark; toss to coat. Let stand at room temperature 30 minutes. Combine orange cubes, onion, cilantro, garlic, chili, remaining 1 tablespoon lemon juice and 1 tablespoon olive oil in medium bowl. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Gently mix in avocado. Let salsa stand up to 1 hour. Preheat broiler. Thread shark on 4 skewers, dividing equally. Broil until just opaque in center, turning occasionally, about 8 minutes. Serve kebabs with salsa. Mix orange juice, 2 tablespoons l <END>
INPUT: Mexican, blackened, salt, beans, paprika, cayenne, chili powder
OUTPUT: TITLE: Blackened Green Beans | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 teaspoon salt, plus 2 teaspoons sea salt; 3 cups green beans, ends cut; 2 tablespoons paprika; 1 teaspoon cayenne; 1 teaspoon chili powder; 2 teaspoons garlic powder; 1 teaspoon ground cumin; 1 teaspoon black pepper; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 3 tablespoons butter; 2 tablespoons grated Parmesan | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. In a medium sauce pot, bring water to a boil and add 1 teaspoon salt. Add green beans and blanch for 2 to 3 minutes. Remove from water and immediately place in an ice water bath. In a medium bowl, mix all dry ingredients, including the 2 teaspoons sea salt, thoroughly. Toss green beans in mixture. In a large saute pan, add oil and heat to almost smoking. Add green beans and cook until spices begin to blacken, approximately 2 minutes. When done, add butter, toss, place on plate, and garnish with Parmesan. <END>
INPUT: spiced, puddings, sugar, organic cranberry juice, orange juice, orange peel, cranberries
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spiced Cranberry Bread Puddings | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup sugar, divided; 1/2 cup organic frozen cranberry juice cocktail concentrate, thawed; 1/2 cup orange juice; 2 teaspoons finely grated orange peel; 3 cups cranberries (about 12 ounces), unthawed if frozen; Nonstick vegetable oil spray; 12 slices white sandwich bread; 1/4 cup apricot preserves; Ground cinnamon; Freshly grated nutmeg; 4 large eggs; 1 tablespoon Grand Marnier or other orange liqueur; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; 1/4 teaspoon coarse kosher salt; 2 cups heavy whipping cream | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring 1/2 cup sugar, cranberry juice concentrate, orange juice, and grated orange peel to boil in heavy large saucepan, stirring until sugar dissolves. Mix in cranberries; return to simmer. Reduce heat to medium-low; gently simmer 3 minutes (cranberries should not break). Pour cranberry mixture into strainer set over bowl and drain. Return syrup to same pan. Boil until very thick and reduced to generous 1/2 cup, about 7 minutes. Fold berries into syrup. Cool to room temperature. DO AHEAD: Can be made 4 days ahead. Cover and chill. Bring to room temperature before using. Spray six 1- to 1 1/4-c <END>
INPUT: irish, flour, baking soda, cream tartar, butter, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Irish Scones | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 cups white flour; 1/2 teaspoon baking soda; 2 teaspoons cream of tartar; 1/2 cup butter, softened; 2 tablespoons sugar; 1/2 cup milk or buttermilk; 1 cup raisins or other dried fruit; Egg wash, to brush scones | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 400 degrees. In a large bowl, sift together flour, baking soda, and cream of tartar. Add softened butter and sugar, mix well. Stir in milk or buttermilk. Also stir in raisins or dried fruit. Press dough onto a floured surface and roll out gently to 1/2-inch thickness. Cut scones into round shapes or triangles. Brush scones with egg wash for shine. Bake for 20 minutes or until golden brown. <END>
INPUT: Italian, pasta, salad, Coarse salt, mushroom chicken prosciutto, baby spinach, roasted pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spinach Artichoke Pasta Salad | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: Coarse salt; 1 package fresh mushroom or chicken prosciutto or spinach filled tortellini (recommended: Contadina or Buitoni brands) available on dairy aisle in mos; 1/2 pound fresh baby spinach; 1 (15-ounce) can baby artichoke hearts in water, drained and chopped; 1 red roasted pepper, drained and chopped; 1/2 small red onion, chopped; 1 clove garlic, cracked from skin; 1 lemon, zested; 2 teaspoons lemon juice, the juice of 1 wedge; 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar, a couple of splashes; 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 1 tablespoon fresh thyme leaves, chopped or 1/2 teaspoon dried leaves, eyeball it; Black pepper; A handful sun-dried tomatoes packed in oil, coarsely chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring 5 or 6 inches of water to a boil in a large pot. Salt boiling water and add pasta. Cook for 3 to 4 minutes, until pasta is just tender and the tortellini are floating like buoys. Drain tortellini, then cool the cooked pasta by spreading them out on a large plate or a cookie sheet in a single layer. Coarsely chop baby spinach. Combine with artichoke pieces, roasted red pepper and red onion. Chop garlic, then add salt to it and mash it into a paste with the flat of your knife. Transfer garlic paste to a small bowl and add lemon zest, lemon juice and vinegar to it. Whisk in oil, thyme and p <END>
INPUT: cookies, vegetable shortening, rice flour mix, baking soda, salt, xanthan gum
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate Chip Cookies | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup vegetable shortening (preferably trans-fat-free) plus additional for greasing baking sheets; 2 cups plus 2 tablespoons brown-rice flour mix; 1 1/2 teaspoons baking soda; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1 teaspoon xanthan gum; 1 cup granulated sugar; 1/2 cup packed brown sugar; 2 large eggs; 1 tablespoon vanilla; 12 ounces semisweet chocolate chips; 1 cup finely chopped walnuts (optional) | INSTRUCTIONS: Put oven rack in middle position and preheat oven to 375°F. Lightly grease 2 large baking sheets. Whisk together flour mix, baking soda, salt, and xanthan gum in a small bowl. Beat together shortening (1 cup) and sugars in a large bowl with an electric mixer at high speed until pale and fluffy, 2 to 3 minutes. Add eggs, 1 at a time, beating well after each addition. Beat in vanilla. Reduce speed to low and mix in flour mixture until just incorporated, then stir in chips and walnuts if using. Drop heaping teaspoons of dough 2 inches apart onto baking sheets. Bake, 1 sheet at a time, until golde <END>
INPUT: Mexican, salsa, sesame seeds, unseasoned rice vinegar, mirin, soy sauce, Asian sesame oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Asian Avocado Salsa | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon sesame seeds; 2 tablespoons unseasoned rice vinegar; 1 tablespoon mirin (sweet Japanese rice wine)*; 2 teaspoons soy sauce; 1 1/2 teaspoons Asian sesame oil; 1 1/2 teaspoons coarse kosher; salt; 1 teaspoon wasabi paste (horseradish paste)*; 2 cups coarsely chopped trimmed watercress (leaves and tender stems from 2 medium bunches); 4 green onions, thinly sliced on diagonal (about 1 cup); 1/2 cup 1/3-inch cubes peeled jicama; 2 large avocados, halved, pitted, peeled, cut into 1/3-inch cubes | INSTRUCTIONS: Stir sesame seeds in dry skillet over medium heat until aromatic and light golden, about 2 minutes. Transfer to small bowl to cool. Whisk next 6 ingredients in large bowl to blend. Add watercress, green onions, and jicama; toss to coat. Gently stir in avocados. DO AHEAD: Can be made 1 hour ahead. Cover; chill. Sprinkle salsa with toasted sesame seeds and serve chilled. Stir sesame seeds in dry skillet over medium heat until aromatic and light golden, about 2 minutes. Transfer to small bowl to cool. Whisk next 6 ingredients in large bowl to blend. Add watercress, green onions, and jicama; toss  <END>
INPUT: Italian, sandwiches, muffins, all purpose flour, salt, baking soda, double acting baking, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Radish Sandwiches on Zucchini Basil Muffins | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/4 cups all-purpose flour; 3/4 teaspoon salt; 1/2 teaspoon baking soda; 1 teaspoon double-acting baking powder; 1/2 teaspoon pepper; 2 tablespoons vegetable shortening, softened; 1 tablespoon sugar; 1 large egg; 1/4 cup buttermilk; 1 cup coarsely grated well-scrubbed zucchini; 1/2 cup finely chopped fresh basil leaves; 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened; 8 radishes, sliced thin | INSTRUCTIONS: In a small bowl whisk together the flour, the salt, the baking soda, the baking powder and the pepper. In a bowl cream together the shortening and the sugar, beat in the egg and the buttermilk, beating until the mixture is combined well, and stir in the zucchini and the basil. Add the flour mixture to the zucchini mixture, stir the batter until it is just combined, and divide it among 24 well-buttered gem tins (each 1/8 cup). Bake the muffins in the middle of a preheated 400 degree F oven for 15 to 18 minutes, or until a tester comes out clean, turn the muffins out onto a rack, and let them co <END>
INPUT: pudding, eggs, sugar, cinnamon, vanilla extract, nutmeg
OUTPUT: TITLE: Bread Pudding | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 5 eggs; 1 cup brown sugar, plus more for sprinkling; 2 tablespoons ground cinnamon; 2 tablespoons vanilla extract; 1 tablespoon grated nutmeg; 4 cups heavy cream; 1 cup milk; 8 cups 1-inch cubes bread; 1 cup dried cranberries; 1 cup walnuts or pecans; Butter, for greasing | INSTRUCTIONS: In a medium mixing bowl, combine the eggs, sugar, cinnamon, vanilla and nutmeg, and whisk to blend. Whisk in the heavy cream and milk. In another medium mixing bowl, combine the cubed bread, cranberries and walnuts. Pour the egg mixture onto the bread mixture, and mix all together. Sprinkle with brown sugar over the top. Cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate overnight. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Grease a muffin tin with the butter. Spoon the soaked bread evenly into the muffin tins, then place the tin on a baking sheet. Bake until the center springs back to the touch, 30 to 35 minute <END>
INPUT: stew, lamb shoulder, kosher salt, pepper, all purpose flour, olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Barley and Lamb Stew | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 pounds boneless lamb shoulder, trimmed of fat and cut into bite-size pieces; 1/4 teaspoon kosher salt; 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 1 tablespoon all-purpose flour; 1 tablespoon olive oil, divided; 3 medium carrots, cut into 1/4-inch rounds; 1 cup barley grits; 4 cups chicken broth; 2 teaspoons freshly chopped oregano | INSTRUCTIONS: In a medium mixing bowl, toss the lamb with the salt, pepper and flour. Heat 1/2 tablespoon olive oil in a 4 to 5-quart Dutch oven set over medium-high heat until it shimmers. Add half of the lamb, and brown on all sides, approximately 7 to 8 minutes total. Remove the lamb to a bowl and repeat with the remaining oil and lamb. Remove the second batch of lamb to the bowl and add the carrots to the pot. Saute the carrots for 3 to 4 minutes, stirring occasionally. Return all of the lamb to the pot along with the grits and stir to combine. Add the chicken broth and bring to a boil. Once boiling, de <END>
INPUT: pudding, corn oil, French bread from, water
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mexican Bread Pudding | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 10 tablespoons (1 1/4 sticks) unsalted butter; 1/4 cup corn oil; 16 3x2x1/2-inch slices French bread from about three 6- to 7-inch-long French rolls; 2 cups (packed) dark brown sugar; 1 1/2 cups water; 3 canela or cinnamon sticks; 1 1/2 teaspoons aniseed; 1/2 cup raisins; 1/3 cup blanched slivered almonds; 1/4 cup unsalted dry-roasted peanuts; 4 ounces queso manchego*, thinly sliced, room temperature; Crema mexicana** or sour cream (optional) | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350°F. Melt 4 tablespoons butter in small saucepan over medium-low heat. Whisk in corn oil. Brush large rimmed baking sheet with some of butter mixture. Arrange bread slices on sheet. Brush bread generously with remaining butter mixture. Bake bread slices 10 minutes; turn slices over and bake until golden and crisp, about 5 minutes longer. Cool. Arrange bread in 15x10x2-inch glass baking dish. Maintain oven temperature. Bring brown sugar, 1 1/2 cups water, canela sticks, aniseed, and 6 tablespoons butter to boil in medium saucepan, stirring until sugar dissolves. Boil until syr <END>
INPUT: sugar, water, heavy cream, unsalted butter, gray sea salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Salted Caramel Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup sugar; 1/4 cup water; 3/4 cup heavy cream; 3 1/2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1 teaspoon gray sea salt, crushed or kosher salt; Salted Caramel Variations, recipes follow; 1 pint vanilla bean ice cream; 1/2 cup whole milk; 1/4 cup salted caramel sauce | INSTRUCTIONS: In a heavy-bottomed saucepan, combine the sugar and water over medium-low heat until the sugar dissolves. Increase the heat and bring to a boil, without stirring. If necessary, use a wet pastry brush to wash down any crystals on the side of the pan. Boil until the syrup is a deep amber color, about 5 to 6 minutes. Remove the sugar from the heat and carefully whisk in the heavy cream. The mixture will bubble. Stir in the unsalted butter, and salt. Transfer the caramel to a dish and cool. Uses for Salted Caramel Sauce: Salted Caramel Dip with Harvest Apples: Package the sauce with seasonal apple <END>
INPUT: sauce, sea scallops poached, unsalted butter, onion, mushrooms, Salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mushroom Cream Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound sea scallops poached in salted water bouquet garni; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1/2 cup minced onion; 1/2 pound sliced mushrooms; Salt; Pepper; 1/2 cup dry white wine; 1 cup cream; Lemon juice; 2 tablespoons fresh dill or chervil | INSTRUCTIONS: Poach scallops in salted water with bouquet garni until it is almost cooked and then remove them to a plate lined with paper towel to drain. Reduce the scallop liquid to 1 cup. In another skillet melt butter and onions and cook until softened. Add mushrooms, salt and pepper and cook until mushrooms are softened for about 5 minutes. Then add wine and reduce by half. Add reserve shallot broth and 1 cup cream and reduce until lightly thickened. Season with lemon juice. Return scallops to pan and simmer just until heated through. Garnish with fresh dill. <END>
INPUT: Italian, oregano, cumin, Hungarian sweet paprika, eye steaks, olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Rib-Eye Steaks with Oregano, Cumin, and Paprika | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons chopped fresh oregano; 2 teaspoons ground cumin; 2 teaspoons Hungarian sweet paprika; 2 3/4-inch-thick rib-eye steaks; 1 tablespoon olive oil; 3/4 cup beef broth; 2 teaspoons Sherry wine vinegar; 2 teaspoons honey; 2 tablespoons chilled butter | INSTRUCTIONS: Mix oregano, cumin, and paprika in small bowl. Sprinkle steaks with salt and pepper, then sprinkle each side of each steak with generous 1 teaspoon spice mixture, pressing to adhere. Heat oil in large nonstick skillet over medium-high heat. Add steaks and cook to desired doneness, about 5 minutes per side for medium-rare. Transfer to platter. Combine broth, vinegar, honey, and remaining spice mixture in same skillet; boil until sauce is slightly reduced, about 3 minutes. Remove from heat; whisk in butter. Season sauce with salt and pepper. Pour sauce over steaks and serve. Mix oregano, cumin,  <END>
INPUT: salad, boiling potatoes, garlic, olive oil, Salt pepper, shallot
OUTPUT: TITLE: Frisee and Roasted-Potato Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 pounds small boiling potatoes, cut into wedges; 1 large garlic clove, finely chopped; 1/4 cup plus 2 tablespoons olive oil; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 shallot, finely chopped; 1 1/2 tablespoons Sherry vinegar or red-wine vinegar; 1 1/2 teaspoons Dijon mustard; 1 teaspoon kosher salt; 3/4 pound mixed greens such as frisee (French curly endive), mizuna, baby spinach, and mesclun, coarse stems discarded; 3 tomatoes, halved horizontally, seeded, and cut into thin wedges; 1/4 cup finely grated Parmigiano-Reggiano | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 450 degrees F. Roast potatoes: Toss potatoes with garlic, 2 tablespoons oil, and salt and pepper, to taste. Arrange wedges in 1 layer in an oiled shallow baking pan. Roast in upper third of oven 15 minutes, then turn over. Roast until golden and cooked through, about 5 minutes more. To make the salad: Whisk together shallot, vinegar, mustard, salt, and pepper, to taste. Add remaining oil in a slow stream, whisking until emulsified. Toss together greens, potatoes, tomatoes, 3 tablespoons of Parmigiano-Reggiano, and enough vinaigrette to coat. Sprinkle remaining Parmigiano-Reggia <END>
INPUT: butter, Rome Beauty, apple cider, orange juice, cinnamon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Apple-Clove Butter | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 pounds Rome Beauty, Jonathan or McIntosh apples, peeled,cored, cut into 1-inch pieces; 1 cup apple cider; 1/4 cup orange juice; 1 cinnamon stick, broken in half; 3/4 cup (packed) golden brown sugar; 2 teaspoons grated orange peel; 1/2 teaspoon ground cloves | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine apples, cider, orange juice and cinnamon stick in heavy large saucepan. Bring to boil. Reduce heat to medium-low. Cover and simmer until apples are very tender, stirring occasionally, about 10 minutes. Discard cinnamon stick. Puree apple mixture in processor. Return to same saucepan. Stir in brown sugar, orange peel and cloves. Simmer over medium-low heat until mixture is dark in color and thick, and mounds on spoon, stirring frequently, about 45 minutes. Transfer to large bowl. Cool completely. (Can be prepared 1 week ahead. Cover and refrigerate.) Combine apples, cider, orange juice  <END>
INPUT: chicken breasts, olive oil, rosemary, Salt, salted water
OUTPUT: TITLE: Breast of Chicken with Rosemary and Polenta with Porcini Mushrooms | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 chicken breasts; 6 ounces olive oil, plus 3 ounces; 3 tablespoons chopped rosemary; Salt; 32 ounces salted water; 1 pound polenta flour; 6 ounces all-purpose flour; 6 ounces dry white wine; 2 rosemary sprigs; 2 pounds porcini mushrooms, sliced; 4 ounces parsley, chopped finely | INSTRUCTIONS: Begin by cleaning and marinating the chicken in 6 ounces of the olive oil, fresh rosemary, and a pinch of salt for approximately 4 hours. To prepare the polenta, bring the salted water to a boil. Once the water has boiled, sprinkle the polenta flour in the water and beat with a whisk. Lower the heat and cook for about 40 minutes until the polenta falls away from the sides of the pan. It is hard to determine the exact amount of water as it depends on the quality of the polenta flour. If it becomes hard, add hot water until the polenta softens and can be stirred. To cook the chicken, remove it f <END>
INPUT: Indian, flourless, cookies, sugar, virgin coconut oil, egg, orange zest, almond flour
OUTPUT: TITLE: Flourless Almond Cookies With Cardamom, Orange Zest, and Pistachios | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup sugar; 1/3 cup virgin coconut oil, softened at room temperature; 1 large egg; 1 tablespoon plus 1 teaspoon finely grated orange zest (from about 2 oranges); 2 cups almond flour; 1/4 cup potato starch; 1 1/2 teaspoons ground cardamom; 1/4 teaspoon kosher salt; 1/2 cup roasted, salted pistachios, finely chopped; 3 ounces dark chocolate (for drizzling; optional) | INSTRUCTIONS: Using an electric mixer on medium speed, cream sugar and oil in a large bowl until mixture resembles texture of wet sand, about 3 minutes. Add egg and orange zest and beat until just combined. Whisk almond flour, potato starch, cardamom, and salt in a medium bowl. Fold dry ingredients into oil mixture. Cover with plastic wrap and chill 1 hour. Spread pistachios in a single layer on a rimmed baking sheet. Divide dough into 2 balls. Roll each ball into 1 1/2" wide logs, then roll logs in pistachios to coat; reserve remaining pistachios for decorating, if desired. Wrap logs in plastic wrap and ch <END>
INPUT: tartare, sushi grade salmon, English cucumber, shallots, dill, chives
OUTPUT: TITLE: Salmon Tartare | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 pounds sushi grade fresh salmon, skin removed; 1 English cucumber, thinly sliced; 4 tablespoons finely chopped shallots; 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh dill; 4 tablespoons finely chopped fresh chives, plus more for garnish; 1 tablespoon capers, coarsely chopped; 3 tablespoons lemon juice; 12 cherry tomatoes, sliced in 1/2; Salt and pepper; Olive oil; Avocado slices; 4 endive leaves, for garnish; Toast points or crackers, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Cut salmon in small pieces, about 1/4-inch thick. Set aside or cover and refrigerate until ready to serve. Slice cucumber into very thin (almost transparent) rounds and set aside. In a medium bowl, mix together the shallots, dill, chives, capers, lemon juice and finally add the salmon. Cover and refrigerate if not using immediately. Just before serving, chop the tomatoes, season with salt and pepper and a sprinkling of olive oil, and stir to combine. On a serving plate, spread the cucumber slices to cover 2/3 of the plate, leaving a space in the center of the plate. Then arrange the salmon ove <END>
INPUT: herb, roasting chicken, Kosher salt pepper, unsalted butter, garlic, walnuts
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roast Chicken With Walnut-Herb Stuffing | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 6 -pound roasting chicken; Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper; 1 stick unsalted butter; 4 cloves garlic, smashed and roughly chopped; 1/4 cup roughly chopped walnuts; 1/4 cup fresh parsley, roughly chopped; 2 teaspoons fresh thyme; 1 baguette, cut into 1 1/4-inch cubes (about 5 cups); 4 cups low-sodium chicken broth | INSTRUCTIONS: Rinse the chicken and pat dry. Put on a large plate and refrigerate, uncovered, at least 4 hours or overnight to dry out the skin. Pat the chicken dry and season the cavity with salt and pepper. Put the chicken on a rack in a roasting pan, tucking the wings underneath. Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F. Cook the butter, garlic and walnuts in a small skillet over low heat until the butter is melted and the nuts are lightly toasted, 5 to 7 minutes. Brush the chicken with 2 tablespoons of the garlic butter; transfer the remaining butter mixture (including the garlic and nuts) to a large bowl. Add <END>
INPUT: caribbean, smoked bacon ham, garlic, kidney beans, water, Scotch bonnet
OUTPUT: TITLE: Caribbean-style Beans and Rice | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 slices smoked bacon or 1 small ham hock; 4 cloves garlic, roughly chopped; 1 cup dried red kidney beans, brought to a boil and cooled, drained; 5 cups cold water; 1 Scotch bonnet, halved and seeded, or 2 serrano chilis; 1/4 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1 (14-ounce) can coconut milk; 4 scallions, crushed*; 2 sprigs fresh thyme; 1/4 teaspoon ground allspice; 1 tablespoon sea salt; 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 2 1/2 cups long-grain rice, washed and drained | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat a Dutch oven or large, deep pot over medium-high heat. Add the bacon to the hot pot and cook until light brown on both sides. Add the garlic and saute until light brown. Add the drained beans along with the cold water to the bacon and garlic and bring to a boil over high heat. Cover the pot, reduce heat to a simmer, and cook until beans are just tender, about 1 hour. Add the chili peppers, cinnamon, coconut milk, scallions, thyme, allspice, salt, and pepper and bring to a boil. Stir in the rice and, once the mixture has returned to a boil, stir, reduce the heat to low, cover and cook for  <END>
INPUT: Mexican, spiced, water, lentils, ginger, salt, vegetable oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spiced Lentils | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 6 cups water; 2 cups lentils, rinsed, drained; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh ginger; 1 teaspoon salt; 3 tablespoons vegetable oil; 2 cups finely chopped onions; 1 teaspoon chili powder; Pinch of ground cloves; Curry powder; 1/3 cup chopped fresh cilantro | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring first 4 ingredients and 1 tablespoon oil to boil in large saucepan. Reduce heat to medium; simmer uncovered until lentils are tender, about 35 minutes. Meanwhile, heat remaining 2 tablespoons oil in heavy medium skillet over medium heat. Add onions and sauté until brown, about 18 minutes. Mix in chili powder and cloves; stir 1 minute. Stir onion mixture into lentils. Season with pepper. Transfer to bowl. Sprinkle with curry powder, then cilantro. Bring first 4 ingredients and 1 tablespoon oil to boil in large saucepan. Reduce heat to medium; simmer uncovered until lentils are tender, abo <END>
INPUT: burgermaster, russet potatoes, Soybean oil, Salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Burgermaster French Fries | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 pounds russet potatoes, peeled and cut into French fries; Soybean oil; Salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat oil in fryer to 350 degrees F. Add French fries to the hot oil (may need to do in separate batches). Shake the basket so they do not stick. Let them reach a golden brown and then drain on paper towels and sprinkle with salt. <END>
INPUT: salad, egg yolks, wine, cilantro, garlic, rice wine vinegar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sauteed Quail Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 egg yolks*; 1 cup white wine; 2 bunches cilantro, blanched; 4 to 5 cloves garlic, minced; 1/4 rice wine vinegar; 4 scallions, minced; 2 teaspoons sugar; Salt and pepper; 1 1/2 cups extra-virgin olive oil; 3 cloves garlic, minced; 2 tablespoons chopped thyme; 1/2 cup balsamic vinegar; 1/4 cup white wine; Salt and pepper; 4 quails | INSTRUCTIONS: To make dressing, combine all ingredients in a blender, except for the oil. Blend until well combined. With the blender on low speed, drizzle 1 1/2 cups extra-virgin olive oil into blender. Chill. Combine all of the quail marinade ingredients except oil and butter. Add the quail and marinate for at least 3 hours in the refrigerator. Remove the quail from the marinade and saute in olive oil and butter. Cook for 2 to 4 minutes on each side. They will turn a golden dark oak color. Combine the lettuce, spring mix, tomato, onion, and cilantro in a large bowl. Dress the salad with dressing. Divide s <END>
INPUT: Asian, chicken broth, soy sauce, sugar, ketchup tomato paste, ginger
OUTPUT: TITLE: Ginger-Marinated Pork Tenderloin | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1 2/3 cups chicken broth (13 1/2 ounces); 1/4 cup soy sauce; 1/4 cup packed brown sugar; 3 tablespoons ketchup or 2 tablespoons tomato paste; 3 tablespoons finely grated peeled fresh ginger; 3 garlic cloves, minced; 1 tablespoon cider vinegar or balsamic vinegar; 1 (3/4 pound) pork tenderloin; 1 tablespoon olive oil; Special equipment: an instant-read thermometer | INSTRUCTIONS: Whisk together 2/3 cup broth, soy sauce, brown sugar, ketchup, ginger, garlic, and vinegar and pour into a large sealable plastic bag. Add tenderloin and seal bag, then marinate, chilled, turning bag over occasionally, 2 hours. Bring tenderloin to room temperature, about 1 hour. Put oven rack in middle position and preheat oven to 425°F. Pat tenderloin dry and reserve marinade. Heat oil in a 12-inch ovenproof skillet over moderately high heat until hot but not smoking, then brown tenderloin on all sides, turning with tongs, about 3 minutes total. Transfer skillet to oven and roast pork until t <END>
INPUT: choco, roll, Hershey's® premier baking, JIF® Creamy Peanut, Hershey's® semi sweet, Nature Valley® oats
OUTPUT: TITLE: Choco-Peanut Butter Cups | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 roll (16.5 oz) Pillsbury® refrigerated peanut butter cookies; 1 cup Hershey's® premier white baking chips (6 oz); 1 1/2 cups JIF® Creamy Peanut Butter; 1 cup Hershey's® semi-sweet baking chips (6 oz); 4 Nature Valley® oats 'n honey crunchy granola bars (2 pouches from 8.9-oz box), crushed (3/4 cup)* | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat oven to 350 degrees F. Spray 24 mini muffin cups with CRISCO® Original No-Stick Cooking Spray, or grease with shortening. Cut cookie dough into 24 slices. Press 1 slice in bottom and up side of each mini muffin cup, forming 1/4-inch rim above top of cup (sprinkle fingers with flour if necessary). Bake 10 to 15 minutes or until edges are deep golden brown. Cool in pans on cooling racks 5 minutes. With tip of handle of wooden spoon, press dough down in center of each cup to make room for 2 tablespoons filling. Meanwhile, in 2-quart saucepan, melt white chips and 3/4 cup of the peanut butter <END>
INPUT: cornmeal, stew, Spanish olive oil, onions, bell peppers, garlic, cumin
OUTPUT: TITLE: Crab and Cornmeal Stew | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup Spanish olive oil; 2 medium onions, finely chopped; 2 large red bell peppers, stemmed, seeded, and finely chopped; 6 cloves garlic, finely chopped; 1 tablespoon ground cumin; 2 teaspoons paprika; 6 canned plum tomatoes, drained and coarsely chopped; 1/2 cup drained and chopped pimentos; 1 bay leaf; 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar; 3 dashes Tabasco; 1/2 cup dry sherry; 1/2 cup clam juice; 1 teaspoon salt; 2 pounds fresh lump crab meat, picked over | INSTRUCTIONS: In a medium heavy skillet, heat the olive oil over low heat. Add the onions and bell peppers and cook, stirring occasionally, for 6 to 8 minutes, or until softened. Add the garlic, cumin, and paprika and cook for 2 minutes more, until the aroma is released. Add the tomatoes, pimentos, bay leaf, vinegar, Tabasco, sherry, clam juice and salt to the pan and cook over low heat, stirring occasionally, for about 10 minutes or until thickened and saucy. Add the crab meat and cook for another 6 minutes, then remove from the heat and taste for seasoning. Cover and set aside at the back of the stove whi <END>
INPUT: relish, Cook's® Spiral Half, honey, mustard, lemon juice, Granny Smith apple
OUTPUT: TITLE: Honey-Glazed Ham with Cranberry Relish | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 Cook's® Bone-in Spiral Sliced Half Ham (about 9 pounds); 1/2 cup honey (cranberry honey preferred, if available); 1-1/2 teaspoons dry mustard; 1 teaspoon lemon juice; 1 large Granny Smith apple, peeled, finely chopped (about 1-1/2 cups); 1 cup cranberry juice cocktail; 1 package (6 ounces) sweetened dried cranberries (about 1-1/3 cups); 2 tablespoons Orange Marmalade; 1/4 cup chopped pecans | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. Remove and discard glaze packet from ham or reserve for another use. Begin by preparing ham according to package directions. 2. Make Honey Glaze: While baking, mix honey, mustard and lemon juice in small bowl until blended. Set aside until the last 30 minutes of baking time. 3. Make Cranberry Relish: Combine apples and juice in medium saucepan. Bring to a boil over medium heat. Reduce heat to medium-low; simmer 5 minutes, stirring occasionally. Add cranberries; simmer an additional 5 minutes, or until fruit is tender, stirring occasionally. Remove from heat; stir in marmalade and pecans. Se <END>
INPUT: fleshed potatoes Yukon, unsalted butter, vegetable oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Rösti | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound yellow-fleshed potatoes such as Yukon Gold; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1 tablespoon vegetable oil | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large saucepan cover potatoes with salted water by 2 inches and simmer until tender, about 25 to 30 minutes. Drain potatoes in a colander and cool. Chill potatoes, covered, at least 4 hours and up to 2 days. Peel potatoes. Set a four-sided grater in a large bowl and coarsely shred potatoes into bowl. Season potatoes with salt and pepper, tossing mixture with a fork. In a 9- to 9 1/2-inch nonstick skillet heat 1 tablespoon butter and 1/2 tablespoon oil over moderate heat until foam subsides. Add potatoes, spreading them evenly and tamping them down with a rubber spatula to form an even cak <END>
INPUT: Indian, cilantro, serrano chile pepper, garlic, Juice lemon, coconut
OUTPUT: TITLE: Indian Chicken with Cashew Rice | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 1 large bunch cilantro (leaves and tender stems); 1 serrano chile pepper (remove seeds for less heat); 1 clove garlic; Juice of 1 lemon; 1/4 cup sweetened shredded coconut; Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper; 8 skin-on, bone-in chicken thighs (about 21/2 pounds); 2 tablespoons vegetable oil; 1/2 teaspoon curry powder; 1/2 teaspoon turmeric; 1 cup jasmine rice; 1/4 cup salted roasted cashews | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F and line a baking sheet with foil. Set aside 2 tablespoons cilantro leaves for the rice. Puree the remaining cilantro leaves and stems, the serrano, garlic, 1/4 cup water, the lemon juice, 2 tablespoons coconut, 1/2 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of pepper in a blender until smooth, adding up to 2 tablespoons more water if needed. Toss the chicken thighs with half of the cilantro sauce on the prepared baking sheet; arrange skin-side up. Season generously with salt and pepper. Roast until the skin is crisp and the chicken is cooked through, about 25 minutes. Me <END>
INPUT: bundles, asparagus, bacon, light sugar, soy sauce
OUTPUT: TITLE: Asparagus Bundles | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 pounds fresh asparagus, ends trimmed; 12 slices bacon; 1/2 cup light brown sugar; 1/2 cup (1 stick) butter; 1 tablespoon soy sauce; 1/2 teaspoon garlic salt; 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Divide the asparagus spears into 12 bundles. Carefully wrap 1 piece of bacon around each bundle, starting about 1/2 inch from the bottom of the tips. Secure the bacon-wrapped spears with a toothpick. Lay the bundles in a low-sided casserole dish. In a medium saucepan, combine the brown sugar, butter, soy sauce, garlic salt and pepper. Bring the mixture to a boil. Pour the hot sugar mixture over the asparagus bundles. Transfer the dish to the oven and roast until the spears have begun to wilt and the bacon looks fully cooked, about 25 minutes. Remove the tooth <END>
INPUT: Italian, anchovies, croutons, cauliflower, virgin olive oil, orecchiette, cubes crusty country, zucchini
OUTPUT: TITLE: Orecchiette with Cauliflower, Anchovies, and Fried Croutons | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 large head of cauliflower (28 to 30 ounces), trimmed, cut into 1-inch florets; 8 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, divided; 1 pound orecchiette (little ear-shaped pasta) or medium-size shell pasta; 1 1/2 cups 1/3-inch cubes crusty country-style bread; 3 medium zucchini, trimmed, cut into 1/3-inch cubes (about 3 cups); 3 large garlic cloves, chopped; 7 anchovy fillets, finely chopped; 1/2 cup chopped fresh Italian parsley, divided; 1/3 cup (packed) freshly grated Parmesan cheese plus additional for serving; 2 tablespoons freshly grated Pecorino Romano cheese | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 425°F. Toss cauliflower florets with 1 tablespoon olive oil in large bowl to coat. Sprinkle with salt and pepper and spread in single layer on large rimmed baking sheet. Roast until cauliflower florets are tender and beginning to brown in spots, stirring occasionally, about 25 minutes. Cool to room temperature. DO AHEAD: Can be made 1 day ahead. Cover and chill. Cook pasta in large pot of boiling generously salted water until just tender but still firm to bite, stirring occasionally. Drain pasta, reserving 1 1/3 cups pasta cooking liquid. Set pasta and cooking liquid aside sepa <END>
INPUT: American, olive oil, Salt pepper, onions, carrots
OUTPUT: TITLE: Rigatoni with Steak Sauce | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 4 tablespoons olive oil; 2 (12-ounce) rib-eye steaks; Salt and pepper; 2 onions, thinly sliced; 2 carrots, peeled and thinly sliced; 4 cloves garlic, minced; 1 teaspoon dried oregano; 3/4 cup dry red wine; 1 (26-ounce) jar marinara sauce; 1 cup beef broth; 16 ounces dried rigatoni pasta; 3 ounces Parmesan, shaved | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat 2 tablespoons of oil in a heavy large frying pan over high heat. Sprinkle the steaks with salt and pepper. Cook the steaks until they are brown but still rare in the center, about 3 minutes per side. Transfer the steaks to a plate and set aside to cool completely. Add 2 more tablespoons of olive oil to the same pan. Saute the onions and carrots until the onions are translucent, about 8 minutes, with additional salt and pepper, to taste. Add the garlic and oregano, and saute for 1 minute. Add the wine and simmer for 1 minute. Add the marinara sauce and broth. Cover and simmer over medium-l <END>
INPUT: calamari, saute, olive oil, shallots, bell pepper, tomatoes, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Calamari, Tomato and Bell Pepper Saute with Anchovies and Capers | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 tablespoons olive oil; 2 shallots, minced; 1 yellow bell pepper, cut into strips; 2 cups drained chopped tomatoes; 2 cloves garlic, minced; 1 teaspoon minced fresh thyme; Salt and pepper; 2 pounds whole small squid, cleaned and cut into rings; 3 to 4 anchovy fillets, minced; 1 tablespoon drained and minced capers; 6 pitted black olives, chopped; 3 tablespoons minced fresh parsley; 12 ounces cooked and drained pasta | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large skillet set over moderate heat, heat the oil until it is hot. Add the shallots and cook them, stirring, 2 minutes. Add the bell pepper and cook it, stirring occasionally, for 3 minutes, or until softened. Add the tomatoes, garlic, thyme, salt and pepper and simmer the mixture, stirring occasionally, for 5 minutes. Add the squid and cook, stirring for 1 to 2 minutes, or until it is white. Add the anchovy fillets, capers and black olives and cook the mixture, stirring, for 2 to 3 minutes more. Stir in parsley. Transfer the pasta to a serving dish, add the sauce and toss to combine. <END>
INPUT: milk, sugar, egg yolks, milk Greek style, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Greek Yogurt Ice Cream | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup whole milk; 3/4 cup sugar, divided; 3 large egg yolks; 1 cup whole-milk Greek-style yogurt*; Pinch of salt; Special equipment: Ice cream maker | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine 1 cup heavy whipping cream, 1 cup whole milk, and 1/2 cup sugar in heavy medium saucepan. Bring mixture to simmer, stirring until sugar dissolves. Whisk 3 large egg yolks and remaining 1/4 cup sugar in large heatproof bowl until blended. Gradually add hot cream mixture to yolk mixture and whisk until blended. Return mixture to saucepan and stir over mediumlow heat until custard thickens slightly and coats back of spoon when finger is drawn across and instant-read thermometer inserted into mixture registers 170°F, about 3 minutes (do not boil). Pour custard through strainer set over med <END>
INPUT: Dijon mustard, Italian bread crumbs, salt, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Air-Fried Pork Chops | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 (3/4-inch thick) pork loin chops; 1/2 cup Dijon mustard; 1/2 cup Italian bread crumbs; 1 teaspoon salt; 1 teaspoon pepper; 1/2 teaspoon cayenne pepper; Canola oil spray | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to broil. Thickly coat pork chops with Dijon mustard (you may not need all of the mustard). In a shallow bowl, combine bread crumbs and seasonings. Dredge pork chops in crumbs. Arrange pork chops on a wire rack set on top of a sheet pan. Spritz bread crumb coating with a little bit of oil spray. Place under broiler and cook on both sides until coating is brown, about 5 minutes on each side. <END>
INPUT: Italian, tart, bacon, onion, asparagus tips, ricotta cheese
OUTPUT: TITLE: Asparagus and Tomato Tart | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 (9-inch) frozen pie crust; 2 slices bacon, chopped; 1 medium onion, chopped; 1 bunch fresh asparagus tips, reserve stems for Round 2 Recipe; 1/2 cup ricotta cheese; 1/4 cup milk; 2 eggs, lightly beaten; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh parsley leaves; 1 (14.5-ounce) can diced tomatoes, drained well, divided; 1/2 teaspoon salt, plus more for seasoning; 1/4 freshly ground black pepper, plus more for seasoning; 1 1/2 teaspoons chopped fresh basil leaves; 1 teaspoon balsamic vinegar | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F. Place the frozen pie crust onto a baking sheet. Prick the bottom of the crust with a fork and bake for 10 minutes. Saute the bacon in a skillet over medium heat until crisp. Remove bacon and drain on a paper towel. Add onion and asparagus tips to the skillet with the bacon fat and saute until tender, approximately 5 minutes. In a large bowl whisk together ricotta, milk and eggs. Add parsley, half the tomatoes and season with salt and pepper. Add asparagus and onion mixture and combine well. Pour egg mixture into the prepared crust. Bake in the preheated oven for  <END>
INPUT: meringue, pies, graham crackers, semi sweet dark, sugar, unsalted butter, eggs
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pink Grapefruit Meringue Pies | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 15 graham crackers, crushed; 1/2 cup finely grated semi-sweet dark chocolate; 1/4 cup brown sugar; 1/4 cup unsalted butter, melted; 4 eggs, separate yolks from whites, at room temperature; 1/4 cup freshly squeezed pink grapefruit juice; 1/4 cup fresh lemon juice; 1 teaspoon fresh grapefruit zest; 1 teaspoon fresh lemon zest; 1 1/4 cups brown sugar; 1/3 cup cornstarch; Pinch salt; 1 1/2 cups water; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted; 3 tablespoons white sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. To make the pie crust: In a resealable plastic bag, crush the graham crackers. Transfer the crushed graham crackers into a big bowl and mix in the grated dark chocolate shavings, brown sugar, and melted butter. Line 6 (4-inch) mini pie molds with the crust mixture, making crust about 1/8-inch thick. Bake for 8 to 10 minutes, then cool. To make the filling: In a bowl, combine egg yolks, fresh pink grapefruit juice, fresh lemon juice, pink grapefruit zest, and lemon zest. Mix and set aside. In a heavy saucepan add: brown sugar, cornstarch, a pinch of sea salt,  <END>
INPUT: fritters, all purpose flour, baking powder, salt, canola oil, milk
OUTPUT: TITLE: Crab Fritters with Spicy Mayo | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/4 cups all-purpose flour; 2 teaspoons baking powder; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 3 tablespoons canola oil; 1 1/3 cups milk; 1 egg; Freshly ground black pepper; 1 quart canola oil (approximately, as needed for deep frying); 2 cups panko (Japanese) bread crumbs; 1 tablespoon Irvine Spices Cajun Seasoning; 1/2 cup mayonnaise; 1/4 cup chopped fresh parsley leaves; 1/8 cup fresh lemon juice; 1 pound lump crabmeat, picked for shells and with excess liquid carefully squeezed out without breaking up lumps; 1 cup mayonnaise | INSTRUCTIONS: To make the fritter batter, combine flour, baking powder and salt in a large bowl. In another smaller bowl, whisk together oil, milk, egg and black pepper. Add the egg mixture to the flour mixture and combine until all dry ingredients are moistened. Heat oil to 375 degrees F in a deep-fryer. Mix panko bread crumbs, Cajun Seasoning, mayonnaise, parsley and lemon juice. Fold in crab meat, trying to avoid breaking up lumps. Form crab mixture into "cocktail size" balls. Place the crab ball on a slotted spoon, and holding over the bowl of fritter batter, ladle enough of the batter over it to coat.  <END>
INPUT: deviled, eggs, bacon, butter, mayonnaise, Dijon mustard
OUTPUT: TITLE: Bacon Deviled Eggs | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 12 large eggs; 3 slices of bacon; Melted butter; 1/3 cup mayonnaise; 2 teaspoons Dijon mustard; 1 heaping tablespoon chopped scallions; Kosher salt; Freshly ground black pepper; Thinly sliced scallions | INSTRUCTIONS: Place 12 large eggs in a large saucepan; add water to cover by 1". Bring to a boil, cover, and remove from heat. Let sit for 10 minutes. Drain. Transfer eggs to a bowl of ice water and let cool completely, about 10 minutes; peel. Halve lengthwise and remove yolks. Coarsely chop 3 slices of bacon. Cook in a medium skillet over medium heat until browned and crisp. Transfer bacon to paper towels. Strain drippings through a fine-mesh sieve into a small bowl. Add melted butter if needed to measure 2 tablespoons. Finely mash reserved yolks, bacon fat (and/or butter), 1/3 cup mayonnaise, 2 teaspoons  <END>
INPUT: herb, fish fillet, kosher salt, pepper, lemon juice, good olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Herb-Roasted Fish | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 8 ounces boneless fish fillet, such as snapper or cod; 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt; 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 1 tablespoon freshly squeezed lemon juice; 1 tablespoon good olive oil; 1 large sprig fresh thyme; 2 Cerignola or other large green olives with pits; Extra-large egg | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the oven to 400 degrees. Place the fish fillet on a piece of parchment paper and sprinkle it with the salt and pepper. Drizzle the lemon juice and olive oil over the top of the fillet. Lay the thyme on top and place the olives next to the fillet. Beat the egg together with 1 tablespoon of water for an egg wash. Brush the egg wash around the edge of the parchment paper and fold it in half. Carefully fold the edge of the parchment paper under and around the fish to make a package. Place the package on a sheet pan and cook for 12 to 15 minutes, until the fis <END>
INPUT: globe artichokes, lemon, virgin olive oil, bulbs fennel, Salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Rockfish with Tomatoes, Capers, Lemon, Artichokes, and Fennel | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 large globe artichokes; 1/2 lemon, juiced, plus 2 lemons, zested and juiced; 1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil, plus 1 tablespoon; 2 bulbs fennel, finely sliced lengthwise; Salt and pepper; 2 tablespoons peanut oil; 6 (6-ounce) rockfish or halibut fillets; 6 cloves garlic, peeled and blanched in 3 changes water, then sliced; 4 plum tomatoes, peeled, seeded, and large diced; 1 cup dry white wine; 1 cup fish or chicken stock, optional; 2 tablespoons capers; 1 tablespoon chiffonaded basil leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: Trim the artichoke leaves and stems and blanch in salted, boiling water with a little of the lemon juice. Use only enough water to cover. When tender remove from the water, cool, and clean. Save the leaves for another use. Discard the hairy choke and save the hearts and stem for the dish. Slice into 1/8-inch slices. In a saute pan over high heat, add 1 tablespoon olive oil and saute the fennel in it until tender. Add salt and pepper, to taste, remove and keep warm. Wipe out the saute pan and add in the peanut oil and bring to medium high heat. Salt and pepper the fillets and brown on 1 side ab <END>
INPUT: fudge, pops, semisweet chocolate chips, milk, unsweetened cocoa powder, sugar, vanilla
OUTPUT: TITLE: Greek Yogurt Fudge Pops | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 8 ounces semisweet chocolate chips; 1 1/2 cups 1-percent milk; 1/3 cup unsweetened cocoa powder; 2 tablespoons sugar; 1 teaspoon vanilla; Kosher salt; 1 cup 2-percent Greek yogurt | INSTRUCTIONS: Put the chocolate chips into a medium glass mixing bowl. Set aside. Combine the milk, cocoa powder, sugar, vanilla and 1/4 teaspoon salt in a medium saucepan over medium heat. Whisk constantly until the cocoa is dissolved and the mixture comes to a simmer, 5 to 7 minutes. Remove from the heat and pour the milk mixture over the chocolate. Let stand for 5 minutes, then whisk gently until all the chocolate is melted. Whisk in the yogurt until smooth and blended, then cool completely. Divide the mixture evenly among eight popsicle molds (about 1/3 cup per pop) and freeze until solid, at least 5 ho <END>
INPUT: cake, all purpose flour, baking powder, salt, nutmeg, allspice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Apple Cake in a Jar | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 1/3 cups all purpose flour; 1/2 teaspoon baking powder; 11/2 teaspoons salt; 1/2 teaspoon nutmeg; 1/2 teaspoon allspice; 2 teaspoons ground cinnamon; 2 teaspoons baking soda; 2/3 cups vegetable shortening; 2 1/3 cups sugar; 4 eggs; 2 cups applesauce; 1 cup chopped walnuts | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Grease 2 (2 1/2-inch) wide-mouth canning jars with a paper towel dipped in shortening. Sift flour, baking powder, salt, nutmeg, allspice, cinnamon, and baking soda into a large bowl. Using the electric mixer and a medium mixing bowl, cream together the shortening and sugar on low speed, then increase to medium mixing speed to mix well. While the mixer is running, add the eggs, one at a time. Stop the mixer and scrape down the sides. Remove the bowl from the mixer and stir in the applesauce. With a large spoon, stir in the sifted flour mixture and the walnuts. Pour  <END>
INPUT: Italian, meatballs, grapeseed oil, eggplant, onion, garlic, kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Eggplant and White Bean Meatballs with Spaghetti Squash | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup grapeseed oil; 1 1/2 pound eggplant, diced; 1 cup diced yellow onion; 2 tablespoons chopped garlic; 2 teaspoons kosher salt; 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 1 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes; 1 1/2 cups cooked white beans; 3 tablespoons fresh parsley, chopped; 2 cups old-fashioned rolled oats, plus more if necessary; 1 spaghetti squash; 2 tablespoons grapeseed oil; 2 teaspoons kosher salt, plus more for seasoning; 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, plus more for seasoning; One 28-ounce can whole peeled tomatoes | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: a spice grinder and an immersion blender For the vegan meatballs: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Heat a large saute pan over high heat. Add the grapeseed oil and then the eggplant, onions and garlic and saute until the eggplant and onions are tender, 8 to 10 minutes. Add the salt, pepper and chili flakes and cook for another 1 to 2 minutes. Remove the sauteed vegetables from the pan and let cool. Combine the cooled sauteed vegetables, white beans and parsley in a bowl and mix well. Transfer the mixture to a food processor and pulse until the mixture is mostly pureed with <END>
INPUT: torta, smoked catfish fillets, cream cheese, lemons, hot pepper sauce, onions
OUTPUT: TITLE: Torta of Smoked Catfish | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 smoked catfish fillets; 16 ounces cream cheese; 2 lemons, juiced; 2 teaspoons hot pepper sauce; 4 green onions, chopped; 1 tablespoon capers, drained; 1 hard boiled egg, minced; Lemon slices, for garnish; Mint leaves, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Chop the smoked catfish fillets and set aside. In an electric mixer, place the cream cheese, lemon juice, and hot sauce. Mix until the cream cheese is fluffy and soft. On a footed cake plate, make a round of the cream cheese mixture at least 1 to 2 inches inside the edge of the plate. Smooth and flatten the first layer of the torta. Sprinkle 1/2 of the chopped catfish over the cream cheese. Add a sprinkle of green onions, approximately 1/2, on top of the chopped fish. Put the second layer of cream cheese on top, smoothing carefully. Cover with the rest of the green onions and catfish. Scatter  <END>
INPUT: corn, dogs, mayonnaise, grain Dijon mustard, chives, Dijon mustard, mustard
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lobster Corn Dogs with Spicy Mustard Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup mayonnaise; 1/4 cup whole grain Dijon mustard; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh chives; 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard; 2 teaspoons dry mustard; 2 dashes of Worcestershire sauce; 2 dashes of hot pepper sauce; 8 ounces uncooked medium shrimp, peeled, deveined; 1/2 teaspoon coarse kosher salt; 1 large egg; 2 tablespoons heavy whipping cream; 1 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce; 3/4 teaspoon Cajun seasoning*; 1/2 teaspoon hot pepper sauce; 1 pound cooked lobster meat, cut into 1/4- to 1/3-inch cubes (about 4 cups) | INSTRUCTIONS: For sauce: Whisk all ingredients in medium bowl to blend. Season to taste with salt and pepper. DO AHEAD: Can be made 2 days ahead. Cover and refrigerate. Whisk all ingredients in medium bowl to blend. Season to taste with salt and pepper. DO AHEAD: Can be made 2 days ahead. Cover and refrigerate. For corn dogs: Using on/off turns, blend shrimp and coarse salt in processor until coarsely chopped. Add egg, cream, Worcestershire sauce, Cajun seasoning, and hot pepper sauce. Process until smooth. Mix lobster, corn, and green onions in large bowl. Add shrimp puree; fold in until blended. Divide mi <END>
INPUT: Mexican, salad, Pork shoulder, sweet potatoes, pulled barbecue pork, roasted corn, cilantro
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sweet Potato and Pulled Pork Salad | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: Pork shoulder; 4 sweet potatoes, medium size cut in 1-inch cubes; 6 ounces pulled barbecue pork; 2 roasted corn, cut off the cob; 2 tablespoons cilantro, roughly chopped; 2 scallions, chopped, green part only; 1/2 cup red onions, diced; Queso Fresca; 1 1/2 cups your favorite barbecue sauce; 1/4 cup rice wine vinegar; 1/2 cup water; 1 teaspoon cumin; 1 tablespoon chipotle peppers in adobo, minced; Salt and pepper; 1 white onion, large | INSTRUCTIONS: Season a pork shoulder with barbecue spice. Let stand for 1 hour. Smoke the pork shoulder for about 4 hours or until it reaches 160 degrees internal temperature. Cool and pull the pork by hand. Set aside until you toss salad. Peel, cut, and season the sweet potatoes with salt, pepper and vegetable oil. Roast the sweet potatoes in a 375 degree oven until browned and tender (about 30 minutes). Let cool to room temperature. Roast the corn on the cob in a 375 degree oven until lightly browned. Cool and cut off the cob. Barbecue Vinaigrette: Whisk all ingredients together. Fried Buttermilk Onions:  <END>
INPUT: American, real, sandwich, dill leaves, parsley leaves lemon, olive oil, Salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: The Real "Dill" Chicken Sandwich | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 large boneless, skinless chicken breasts; 1 small bunch fresh dill leaves; 1 bunch parsley leaves 1 lemon, zested and juiced; 1/4 cup olive oil, plus 2 tablespoons; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1/2 cup sour cream; 1/3 cup mayonnaise; 4 pepperoncini peppers, finely chopped; 1 large ciabatta loaf, cut into 4 equal pieces; 8 ounces baby greens or red leaf lettuce | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Butterfly chicken breasts and set aside. In a food processor combine the dill and parsley and pulse until finely chopped. Reserve 1/4 cup of the herb mixture for spread, set aside. In a plastic bag set in a medium bowl, combine remaining herb mixture, half the lemon juice, 1/4 cup olive oil, and salt and pepper, to taste. Place chicken in a plastic bag, add marinade, seal, and massage to distribute marinade evenly on the chicken. Refrigerate 1 hour, flipping once halfway through. Meanwhile to make the herb spread, in a small bowl mix together remaining herb mixtu <END>
INPUT: American, casserole, crookneck squash other, zucchini additional summer, coarse carrots, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Yellow Squash Casserole | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 3/4 pounds crookneck yellow squash or other yellow summer squash; 1/4 pound zucchini or additional yellow summer squash; 1/2 cup coarse-chopped carrots; 1/4 cup (1/2 stick) unsalted butter; 1 large onion, preferably yellow, chopped; 1 plump garlic clove, minced; 1 1/4 cups saltine or Ritz cracker crumbs; 1/2 cup grated mild to medium Cheddar cheese; Hot pepper sauce, such as Tabasco; Salt and freshly milled black pepper; 2 eggs, lightly beaten | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Butter a medium baking dish. Slice the yellow squash and zucchini lengthwise into quarters, then cut into 1/2-inch-thick wedges. Place the yellow squash, zucchini and carrots in a saucepan, barely cover with water and salt well. Bring to a boil; reduce the heat to medium and cover. Cook about 20 minutes, until the vegetables are very soft. Meanwhile, warm 3 tablespoons of the butter in a medium skillet over medium-low heat. Stir in the onion and cook slowly until very soft and translucent, 6 to 8 minutes. Add the garlic and cook an additional minute. Scrape t <END>
INPUT: wellington, salmon fillet, Salt pepper, olive oil, dill, salmon roe caviar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Salmon Wellington | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 pounds salmon fillet; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 tablespoon olive oil; 1 tablespoon fresh finely minced dill; 1 teaspoon salmon roe caviar; 2 tablespoons butter; 1 shallot, minced; 1/2 cup all-purpose flour; 1/2 cup brandy; 2 cups lobster or seafood stock; 1/2 cup heavy cream; 2 sheets puff pastry dough (often sold in 17 or 18-ounce packages containing 2 (9 or 10-inch) square sheets; 1 to 2 eggs, beaten, for egg wash | INSTRUCTIONS: Equipment: A steaming rack 4-inch circle or biscuit cutter 3-inch circle or biscuit cutter Season salmon fillets with salt and pepper. Place a steaming rack in a saucepan or pot and fill with a couple of inches of water. Cover and let salmon steam until the fish flakes. Then set aside to cool. Begin the lobster bisque sauce. Melt the butter over medium heat in a saucepan, add the shallot saute and saute until translucent. Whisk in the flour to make a roux. Add the brandy and gradually whisk in the stock. Let reduce by half. Whisk in heavy cream and remove from heat. While the lobster bisque sa <END>
INPUT: American, citrus, Dijon mustard, garlic, pepper flakes, strip steak, kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mustard-Citrus Grilled Steak | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard; 1 tablespoon chopped garlic; 1 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes; 1-pound 1 1/4"-thick strip steak; 1 teaspoon kosher salt; a squeeze of fresh lemon juice | INSTRUCTIONS: Mix 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 1 tablespoon chopped garlic, and 1 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes in a small bowl. Season one 1-pound 1 1/4"-thick strip steak with 1 teaspoon kosher salt. Coat with Dijon mustard mixture. Cover and chill for 4 hours. Let stand at room temperature for 1 hour. Build a medium-hot fire in a charcoal grill, or heat a gas grill to high. Grill steak, about 7 minutes per side for medium-rare. Finish with a squeeze of fresh lemon juice. Mix 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 1 tablespoon chopped garlic, and 1 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes in a small bowl. Season one <END>
INPUT: mashed, russet potatoes, kosher salt, unsalted butter, milk, nutmeg
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mashed Potatoes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 pounds russet potatoes (about 4 medium), whole, scrubbed; 1 teaspoon kosher salt, plus more as needed; 1/4 cup unsalted butter; 3/4 cup whole milk; Freshly grated nutmeg (optional); Freshly ground black or white pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large saucepan, combine the potatoes, 1 teaspoon salt, and enough cold water to cover. Bring to a boil over high heat. Do not cover. Lower the heat to maintain a simmer and cook until fork tender, about 45 minutes. Drain the potatoes and return them to the pan. Swirl the pan over medium heat until the skins are dry, about 1 minute. Halve the potatoes crosswise. Put the halves in a ricer cut-side down and press the potato through the ricer into a bowl. The flesh should easily pass through the holes and the skins remain in the ricer. Discard the skin, and repeat with the remaining potatoes. <END>
INPUT: planks, Russet potatoes, olive oil, garlic, paprika, Kosher salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Crispy Garlic Potato Planks | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 large Russet potatoes; 1/4 cup olive oil; 3 cloves garlic, peeled and minced; 2 teaspoons paprika; Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper; Ketchup, for serving | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Place two roasting sheet trays in the oven to heat up (hot trays help keep the potatoes from sticking). Wash and lightly scrub the potatoes to remove any dirt or tough skin. Using a sharp knife or a mandolin, slice the potatoes lengthwise into 1/4-inch planks. Place in a large bowl or pot of water and rinse to remove excess starch. Drain well and pat dry. In a large bowl, combine the olive oil, minced garlic and some salt and pepper. Add the potato planks and toss to coat everything evenly. Remove the hot trays from the oven and set out the planks on the tray <END>
INPUT: American, all purpose flour, lemon zest, cinnamon, allspice, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Apple Pie | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons all-purpose flour; 1 teaspoon finely grated fresh lemon zest; 1/2 teaspoon cinnamon; 1/4 teaspoon ground allspice; 1/8 teaspoon salt; 2/3 cup plus 1 tablespoon sugar; 2 1/2 pounds apples, peeled, cored, and each cut into 10 wedges; 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice; Pastry dough; 1 large egg, lightly beaten | INSTRUCTIONS: Put a large baking sheet in middle of oven and preheat oven to 425°F. Whisk together flour, zest, cinnamon, allspice, salt, and 2/3 cup sugar and gently toss with apples and lemon juice. Roll out 1 piece of dough (keep remaining piece chilled) on a lightly floured surface with a lightly floured rolling pin into a 13-inch round, then fit into a 9-inch (4-cup) glass or metal pie plate. Trim edge, leaving a 1/2-inch overhang. Chill shell while rolling out dough for top crust. Roll out remaining piece of dough on lightly floured surface with lightly floured rolling pin into an 11-inch round. Spoon <END>
INPUT: gratin, bolognese, peanut oil, onion, carrot, celery, Kosher salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Polenta Gratin with Mushroom "Bolognese" | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons peanut oil; 1 onion, peeled and diced; 1 carrot, peeled and diced; 1 celery stalk, peeled and diced; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 garlic clove, peeled and minced; 1/2 to 3/4 pound mixed wild and cultivated mushrooms, cleaned, trimmed, and diced; 1 tablespoon fresh thyme leaves; 1 tomato, seeded and diced; 1 cup chicken stock, homemade or store-bought; 1 cup polenta; 4 cups water; Kosher salt, to taste; 1/4 cup extra virgin olive oil; 3 to 4 tablespoons freshly grated Parmigiano-Reggiano cheese | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat the peanut oil in a large skillet over medium heat until it moves easily across the pan. Add the onion, carrot, celery, salt, and pepper and cook, stirring occasionally, until the vegetables begin to soften, about 5 minutes. Add the garlic, cook for 1 minute, then add the mushrooms and thyme leaves. Cook, stirring frequently, until the mushrooms are almost tender, about 3 minutes. Add the tomato, cook for about 2 minutes more, then add the stock 2 tablespoons at a time, bringing to a simmer before each addition. Simmer the bolognese until it is concentrated but not yet dry, about 30 minut <END>
INPUT: pencil, cakes, tub vanilla frosting, drops food coloring, semisweet chocolate chips
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pencil Cake | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 16-ounce frozen pound cakes, thawed; 1 16-ounce tub vanilla frosting; 6 drops red food coloring; 23 drops yellow food coloring; 2 tablespoons semisweet chocolate chips; 2 green sour belt candies | INSTRUCTIONS: Cut a 2-inch piece from one cake for the eraser; set aside. Trim 1/2 inch from the uncut ends of both cakes. Line up the cakes to make 1 long cake. Using a paring knife, score 2 lines down the length of both cakes, 1 1/4 inches in from each side. With the lines as a guide, trim the cake sides at an angle, as shown. Mix 1/2 cup vanilla frosting, the red food coloring and 3 drops yellow food coloring in a glass liquid measuring cup. Microwave the frosting about 20 seconds, stirring every 5 seconds. Make the eraser: Put the 2-inch piece of cake on a rack set over a baking sheet. Pour the warm pin <END>
INPUT: Italian, smoky, sauce, penne other pasta, Kosher salt, heavy cream, sweet smoked Spanish
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pasta With Smoky Pumpkin Cream Sauce | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound penne or other pasta; Kosher salt; 1 (15-ounce) can pure pumpkin purée; 3/4 cup heavy cream; 1 1/2 teaspoons sweet smoked Spanish paprika; 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, plus more for serving; 1/4 cup coarsely chopped parsley, plus more for serving | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook pasta in a large pot of boiling salted water, stirring occasionally, until al dente; drain and transfer to a large bowl, reserving 1 cup pasta cooking liquid. Meanwhile, cook pumpkin purée, cream, paprika, 1 1/2 tsp. salt, and 1/4 tsp. pepper in a large skillet or wide heavy pot over medium heat, whisking constantly, until smooth and warmed through, about 3 minutes. Add 3/4 cup pasta cooking liquid and whisk to combine. Add pasta and 1/4 cup parsley and cook, adding more pasta cooking liquid to thin sauce as needed, until heated through, about 1 minute. Season with salt and pepper, then t <END>
INPUT: layered, cake, butter pecan ice, fig cookies, pistachio ice cream, heavy cream, confectioners' sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pistachio and Fig Layered Ice Cream Cake | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 pints butter pecan ice cream (3 cups); 18 fig cookies, such as Fig Newtons; 1 1/2 pints pistachio ice cream, preferably the green variety (3 cups); 1/2 cup heavy cream; 1 tablespoon confectioners' sugar; 1 tablespoon roasted pistachios, chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: An 8-inch springform pan Let the butter pecan ice cream soften slightly at room temperature for about 10 minutes. Evenly spread it on the bottom of an 8-inch springform pan; freeze until hardened, about 30 minutes. Arrange the fig cookies in an even layer over the ice cream (don't press them down into it) so they fit snugly together, cutting to fit if necessary. Meanwhile, let the pistachio ice cream sit at room temperature for about 10 minutes. Evenly spread it over the cookies. Cover the top of the cake with plastic wrap, and freeze until solid, at least 4 hours up to over <END>
INPUT: Italian, tapenade, sauce, Salt, spaghetti, cherry tomatoes, pepper, virgin olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spaghetti with Tapenade Sauce and Roasted Tomatoes | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: Salt; 1 pound spaghetti; 1 pint cherry tomatoes, halved and seeded; Freshly ground black pepper; Extra-virgin olive oil for drizzling, plus 3 tablespoons; 1/2 teaspoon dried oregano; 4 anchovy fillets; 3 tablespoons chopped capers; 1/2 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes; 3 to 4 cloves garlic, finely chopped; 1 cup packed, pitted black olives, finely chopped, with some brine (recommended: Kalamata) | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat the oven to 400 degrees F. Bring a large pot of water over medium heat to a boil. Salt the water, add the spaghetti and cook to al dente. Remove and reserve a cup or so of the cooking liquid before draining. Add the tomatoes to a small bowl and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Drizzle with extra-virgin olive oil and sprinkle with oregano. Scatter the tomatoes on a baking rack over a baking sheet and roast about 20 minutes. Heat about 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Add the anchovies, working them into oil with a wooden spoon. Stir in the cap <END>
INPUT: Italian, wrapped, basil leaves, chicken breasts, bacon, peppercorns
OUTPUT: TITLE: Bacon and Basil-Wrapped Chicken Breasts | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 21 large fresh basil leaves, washed well and spun dry; 3 boneless skinless whole chicken breasts (about 2 pounds total); about 15 bacon slices (about 3/4 pound); 1 teaspoon whole black peppercorns, crushed coarse | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 400°F. In a small saucepan of boiling water blanch basil 2 seconds and drain in a sieve. Rinse basil under cold water to stop cooking and pat dry on paper towels. Put 1 whole chicken breast, skinned side down, on a work surface and remove "tender" (fillet strip located on either side of where breast bone was) from each breast half, keeping rest of chicken breast intact. (There should be 2 tenders from each whole breast.) Put 2 tenders side by side and wrap 7 basil leaves around them to enclose them. Season remainder of whole breast with salt and pepper and put basil-wrapped ten <END>
INPUT: roast, gravy, turkey, chestnut stuffing, water, turkey giblet stock
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roast Turkey with Cider Gravy | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: a 12- to 14-pound turkey, the neck and giblets (excluding the liver) reserved for making turkey giblet stock; 1 recipe chestnut stuffing; 1 stick (1/2 cup) unsalted butter, softened; 1 cup water; 1 cup turkey giblet stock or chicken broth; 1 cup apple cider; 2 tablespoons cider vinegar; 6 tablespoons all-purpose flour; 4 cups turkey giblet stock; sage, rosemary, and thyme sprigs for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 425°F. Rinse the turkey, pat it dry, and season it inside and out with salt and pepper. Pack the neck cavity loosely with some of the stuffing, fold the neck skin under the body, and fasten it with a skewer. Pack the body cavity loosely with some of the remaining stuffing and truss the turkey. Transfer the remiaining stuffing to a buttered 3-quart baking dish and reserve it, covered and chilled. Spread the turkey with the butter and roast it on a rack in a roasting pan in the over for 30 minutes. Reduce the temperature to 325°F., baste the turkey with the pan juices, and ad <END>
INPUT: sauce, uncooked shrimp, virgin olive oil, Salt pepper, lime juice, lightly Italian parsley
OUTPUT: TITLE: Seared Shrimp in Endive Leaves with Parsley Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 12 ounces uncooked large shrimp, peeled and de-veined; 5 teaspoons extra-virgin olive oil; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 3 teaspoons fresh lime juice; 1/4 cup lightly packed fresh Italian parsley leaves; 1/4 cup low-fat sour cream; 1/4 cup low-fat yogurt; 3 tablespoons chopped fresh chives; 1/4 cup finely chopped fresh tarragon or 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh thyme leaves; 2 tablespoons drained capers; 2 heads Belgian endive | INSTRUCTIONS: To make the shrimp salad: Toss the shrimp with 3 teaspoons (1 tablespoon) of oil in a large bowl to coat. Sprinkle with salt and pepper. Heat a heavy large non-stick skillet over medium-high heat. Saute the shrimp until they are just cooked through or pink, about 1 1/2 minutes per side. Transfer the shrimp to a plate and toss with 1 teaspoon lime juice. Cool completely. Cut the shrimp into small cubes. To make the parsley sauce: Blend the parsley, sour cream, yogurt, and remaining 2 teaspoons lime juice in a food processor until the parsley is finely chopped. Season the sauce, to taste, with s <END>
INPUT: Italian, sauce, onion, olive oil, wine, bottled clam juice, water
OUTPUT: TITLE: Linguine with Mussels and Arugula Cream Sauce | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 onion, chopped; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1/2 cup dry white wine; 1/2 cup bottled clam juice; 1/2 cup water; 36 mussels (preferably cultivated), scrubbed and the beards pulled off; 1/2 cup heavy cream; 2 small bunches of arugula, coarse stems discarded and the leaves washed well, spun dry, and chopped coarse (about 3 cups); 1 pound linguine | INSTRUCTIONS: In a kettle cook the onion in the oil over moderately low heat, stirring, until it is softened, add the wine, the clam juice, and the water, and bring the mixture to a boil. Add the mussels, steam them, covered, for 2 minutes, or until they are opened, transferring them with tongs as they open to a bowl, and discard any that are unopened. Let the mussels cool until they can be handled and remove them from their shells, discarding the shell. Boil the liquid remaining in the kettle until it is reduced to about 1 cup, add the cream, and simmer the sauce, stirring occasionally, for 3 minutes, or u <END>
INPUT: duet, chesapeake, jumbo lump crabmeat, onion, bell pepper, butter, egg
OUTPUT: TITLE: Duet of Chesapeake Crab: Chesapeake Jumbo Lump Crab Cakes with Mustard Creme Fraiche | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 pounds jumbo lump crabmeat; 1/2 small onion, finely minced; 1/2 small red bell pepper, minced; 1 teaspoon butter, plus more for sauteing; 1 extra-large egg; 1/2 cup mayonnaise; 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard; 1/4 teaspoon dry mustard; 1 teaspoon chopped parsley leaves; Pinch cayenne; Sea salt and fresh ground pepper; 3 drops hot sauce, or to taste; 4 tablespoons vegetable oil; 2 cups fine bread crumbs, seasoned with salt and pepper; 1/2 cup creme fraiche | INSTRUCTIONS: To make the crab cakes: Pick through the lump crab for shells (VERY GENTLY). In a saucepan over moderate heat, sweat the onion and pepper in the butter. Remove from heat and cool. In a stainless bowl mix the egg, mayonnaise, mustards, parsley, cayenne, hot sauce, salt and pepper. Add in onions and peppers and fold in the crabmeat. Form into cakes about 3 inches across by 1 and 1/2 inches thick. Pack firmly, but do not crush the lumps, the cake should just hold together. Dredge on top and bottom in bread crumbs and chill for at least 1 hour in the refrigerator. Preheat an oven to 400 degrees F. <END>
INPUT: torte, Nutella, nut chocolate chip, strawberry ice cream, vanilla ice cream, hazelnuts
OUTPUT: TITLE: Nutella Ice Cream Torte | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 13-ounce jar Nutella (hazelnut-chocolate spread); 2 pints nut or chocolate chip ice cream or frozen yogurt, softened; 2 pints strawberry ice cream or frozen yogurt, softened; 2 pints vanilla ice cream or frozen yogurt, softened; Coarsely chopped toasted hazelnuts (optional) | INSTRUCTIONS: Spoon 3 tablespoons Nutella into small pastry bag with small plain tip. Set aside to use for topping. Wrap outside of 9-inch-diameter springform pan with 2 3/4-inch-high sides with foil. Spread nut or chocolate chip ice cream evenly in bottom of pan. Using small spoon, drop half of remaining Nutella by teaspoonfuls over ice cream, spacing drops evenly (do not spread). Freeze until firm, about 30 minutes. Spread strawberry ice cream evenly over. Drop remaining Nutella by teaspoonfuls over ice cream, spacing drops evenly (do not spread). Freeze until firm, about 30 minutes. Spread vanilla ice cr <END>
INPUT: soup, prosciutto, cantaloupe melon, salt, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Prosciutto and Melon Soup | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 10 slices prosciutto slices; 1 cantaloupe melon, cut into chunks (about 5 cups); 1 (14-ounce) can tomatoes (recommended: San Marzano); 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 6 fresh basil leaves, very thinly sliced | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Place the prosciutto slices on a foil-lined baking sheet. Place in the oven and bake until firm, golden around the edges, and almost crisp, about 18 minutes. Set aside and let cool. Place half the melon in the blender with half the tomatoes. Pulse the blender until the mixture is pureed. Pour the soup in a large bowl. Puree the remaining melon and tomatoes and add to the bowl. Add the salt and pepper. Ladle the soup into bowls. Crumble the cooled prosciutto crisps over the top of the soup. Sprinkle with basil and serve. <END>
INPUT: Italian, midwestern, olive oil, steak, corn, pinto beans, Salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spaghetti Midwestern | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon olive oil; One16-ounce T-bone steak, excess fat trimmed and reserved; One 15-ounce can corn; One 15-ounce pinto beans, with liquid; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 cloves garlic, chopped; Pinch nutmeg; 2 tablespoons sour cream; 4 ounces spaghetti; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh chives; Lime wedges, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat the olive oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Add the fat trimmings. When the fat is melted, add the corn and saute until browned. Stir in the pinto beans and liquid and simmer, 8 minutes. Preheat a grill over high heat. Sprinkle the steak with salt and pepper and the garlic. Grill the steak for 5 minutes on each side. Let rest. Blend the nutmeg with the sour cream and salt and pepper to taste. Boil the spaghetti in salted water. Drain and set aside. Plate the spaghetti topped with the corn and pinto beans and the whole steak. Top with the flavored sour cream and garnish with chives  <END>
INPUT: brown, assorted colorful baby, butter, Salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Baby Squash in Brown Butter | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 pounds assorted colorful baby squash (patty pans, zucchinis, summer squash); 1 stick butter; Salt and pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. In a pot, blanch the squash until slightly tender, approximately 2 to 3 minutes. In an ovenproof saute pan, melt the butter and heat until it becomes a caramel color (be careful not to burn it). Toss the squash with the browned butter and season. Place pan in oven and let the squash finish cooking, approximately 15 minutes. **Chef notes: If you don't want to keep the dish in the oven, then keep cook the squash in the water, during the blanching process, and serve immediately after sauteing. The recipes for this program, which were provided by contributors and gue <END>
INPUT: crunch, egg yolks, sugar, salt, milk, maple syrup
OUTPUT: TITLE: Maple-Bacon Crunch Ice Cream | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 large egg yolks; 1/4 cup sugar; Pinch of salt; 1 cup whole milk; 1 cup maple syrup, preferably grade B; 2 cups heavy cream; 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, plus more for the baking sheet; 3 strips smoked bacon, preferably Nueske's brand; 1 cup sugar; 1/2 teaspoon baking soda; 1/8 teaspoon chipotle chile powder or a pinch of cayenne pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Make the ice cream: Whisk the egg yolks, sugar and salt in a bowl until pale yellow. Transfer to a saucepan and whisk in the milk. Cook over medium heat, stirring, until almost simmering (the mixture should be thick enough to coat a spoon). Stir in the maple syrup. Transfer to a bowl and refrigerate until cold, about 30 minutes. Make the bacon brittle: Butter a rimmed baking sheet. Cook the bacon in a medium skillet over medium heat until crisp, about 5 minutes per side; transfer to paper towels to drain. Let the bacon cool, then very finely chop. Cook the sugar in a saucepan over medium-high  <END>
INPUT: pied, cochon, onions, garlic, rosemary, stuffed poached pig's, tomatoes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pig's Foot (Au Pied du Cochon) | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup minced onions; 4 cloves garlic, peeled and halved; 2 sprigs fresh rosemary; 1 stuffed and poached pig's foot, recipe follows; 1/2 cup sliced tomatoes; 1/2 cup sliced mushrooms; 1/2 cup pork stock; Reserved juice from the porcini mushrooms (Stuffing, recipe follows); Boiled potatoes, serving suggestion; 3 to 4 ounces vinaigrette base, recipe follows; Salt and pepper; 10 haricots verts, steamed and blanched; 1 pig's foot (shank removed); 1 recipe Stuffing, recipe follows; 1 (3 1/2-ounce) piece foie gras | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: Butcher's twine (10 to 15 inches) 1 larding needle 1 candle Preheat oven to 450 degrees F. Place onions, garlic, and rosemary in the bottom of a cold saute pan. Place the pig's foot in the center of the pan, with the smaller part of the foot down. Place the tomatoes along 1 side of the foot and the mushrooms along the other. Pour the pork stock and mushroom juice over the pig's foot and place the pan on the top rack of the oven. Cook for 20 to 25 minutes, basting every 3 minutes, until the skin is crisp and golden and the center is hot (approximately 145 degrees F). Once the <END>
INPUT: soup, whipping cream, sour cream, ginger, orange peel
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sweet Potato Soup with Lobster and Orange Crème Fraîche | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup whipping cream; 1/2 cup sour cream; 3 teaspoons minced peeled fresh ginger; 1 1/2 teaspoons grated orange peel; 10 tablespoons (1 1/4 sticks) butter; 3 1/2 pounds red-skinned sweet potatoes (yams), peeled, cut into 1/2-inch pieces; 1 tablespoon golden brown sugar; 2 large leeks, chopped (white and pale green parts only); 1 1/3 cups finely chopped celery; 10 cups (or more) canned low-salt chicken broth; 1 1/3 cups orange juice; 3 1-pound cooked lobster tails; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley | INSTRUCTIONS: Mix cream, sour cream, 1 1/2 teaspoons ginger and orange peel in medium bowl to blend. Let stand until thickened, about 3 hours. Cover crème fraîche and refrigerate. Preheat oven to 400°F. Melt 4 tablespoons butter in large pot over medium heat. Remove from heat. Add sweet potatoes and sugar and toss to coat. Arrange sweet potatoes on 2 baking sheets. Roast until very tender and starting to brown, stirring occasionally, about 30 minutes. Melt 4 tablespoons butter in same pot over medium heat. Add leeks, celery and remaining 1 1/2 teaspoons ginger and sauté until leeks begin to soften, about 5  <END>
INPUT: Italian, fresca, olive oil, garlic, shallots, walnut, lightly basil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pasta Fresca | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup olive oil; 12 cloves garlic, minced; 4 large shallots, or 2 small onions, diced; 1 cup walnut pieces, or pine nuts; 2 cups lightly packed fresh basil, coarsely chopped; 12 medium-size tomatoes, diced or 2 (28-ounce) cans Italian Roma tomatoes, drained; 1 cup Kalamata olives, pitted and coarsely sliced; 2 teaspoons salt; 2 teaspoons freshly ground black pepper; 1 teaspoon dried chile peppers, or 1/2 teaspoon cayenne pepper; 2 cups yellow cherry tomatoes, whole; 8 servings of fresh or dried pasta, any style or flavor; 1 loaf rustic country-style or sourdough bread; 4 ounces Parmigiano-Reggiano, grated just before serving | INSTRUCTIONS: Assign 1 guest to pit the olives and another to dice the tomatoes. Bring 12 cups of water and 1 teaspoons of salt to a boil in a large pot. At the same time, in another large pot over medium-high heat, add 1/4 cup olive oil along with the garlic, shallots, and walnuts. Stir occasionally for 6 minutes, or until they just begin turning golden. Add the basil and stir for 30 seconds (to release their flavors). Add tomatoes, olives, remaining salt, pepper, chile pepper, and remaining 1/4 cup of olive oil. Cook for 10 minutes, stirring occasionally. Add yellow cherry tomatoes at the end. While sauce <END>
INPUT: American, peppers, ziti penne pasta, unsalted butter, garlic, bread crumbs, flat leaf parsley
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mac & Cheese with Red Peppers & Tomatoes | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound ziti or penne pasta; 4 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1 clove garlic, crushed; 21/2 cups fresh bread crumbs, preferably from sourdough bread; 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh flat-leaf parsley; 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh thyme; 6 ounces shredded sharp white Cheddar cheese (about 2 cups); 4 ounces shredded fontina cheese (about 11/3 cups); 3 ounces shredded smoked Gouda cheese (about 1 cup); 1 recipe hot Bechamel Sauce, recipe follows; 10 sun dried tomatoes; 1 jarred roasted red pepper, seeded and diced; 1 teaspoon kosher salt; Freshly ground black pepper; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter | INSTRUCTIONS: 1.Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. 2. Lightly butter a 9- by 13-inch casserole dish. Bring a large pot of cold water to a boil and generously salt. Add pasta and boil, stirring occasionally, until almost al dente, about 8 minutes. Drain pasta, transfer to a large bowl, and cool slightly. 3. Melt butter with garlic clove in a medium skillet over medium heat. Add bread crumbs, parsley, and thyme and toss together. Remove garlic clove; set crumbs aside. 4. Toss pasta with cheeses. Fold in bechamel sauce. Mix in tomatoes, red pepper, salt, and pepper. Transfer to prepared baking dish and scatter bre <END>
INPUT: latkes, puree, grapeseed oil, carrots, carrot juice, horseradish, caraway seeds
OUTPUT: TITLE: Beet and Red Onion Potato Latkes with Carrot Puree and Horseradish and Caraway Creme Fraiche | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 ounces grapeseed oil; 3 large carrots, peeled and diced; 1 quart fresh carrot juice; 1/4 cup freshly grated horseradish; 2 tablespoons toasted caraway seeds; 1 cup creme fraiche; 3 Yukon gold potatoes, peeled; 2 red onions, peeled; 1 carrot, peeled; 1 red beet, roasted and peeled; 2 cups grapeseed oil, plus more as needed; 2 eggs; 1/2 cup all-purpose flour; Salt, for sprinkling | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Heat the oil in a medium saucepan, over medium heat. Add the carrots and saute for 2 minutes. Stir in the carrot juice and simmer until the liquid has reduced by 5/6. Put the carrot mixture in a blender and puree until smooth. Transfer to a serving bowl and serve at room temperature. Mix all of the ingredients in a small bowl and let sit, ideally for 24 hours in the refrigerator. Serve cool. Using the grating attachment in a food processor, grate the potatoes, onions, carrot and beet separately. Coat a small saute pan with a little oil and put it over low heat. A <END>
INPUT: brown, buttermilk, all purpose flour, Kosher salt, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Brown-Butter–Fried Onion Rings | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup buttermilk; 1 cup all-purpose flour; Kosher salt, freshly ground pepper; 1 large red onion, sliced into 1/4-inch-thick rings; 8 tablespoons (1 stick) unsalted butter | INSTRUCTIONS: Place buttermilk in a medium bowl. Place flour in another medium bowl; season with salt and pepper. Working in batches, toss onion rings in flour; shake off excess. Dip in buttermilk, letting excess drip back into bowl. Return to flour and toss to coat again; shake off excess. Heat 4 Tbsp. butter in a large skillet over medium, stirring occasionally, until lightly browned and foaming. Add half of onion and cook, turning once, until golden brown and crisp, 8–10 minutes. Transfer to paper towels with tongs; season with salt and pepper. Repeat with remaining butter and onion. Place buttermilk in  <END>
INPUT: burgers, chuck, onions, pepper, cabbage, Lauer Kraut
OUTPUT: TITLE: Original Lauer-Kraut Burgers | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 3/4 pounds 80/20 ground chuck; 1 1/2 yellow onions, chopped into 1/4-inch pieces; 2 teaspoons freshly ground black pepper; 1 medium head green cabbage, chopped into 1/4-inch pieces; 1/2 cup Lauer Kraut (you may substitute bagged sauerkraut, not canned); Salt; 2 tablespoons active dry yeast; 1 tablespoon sugar; 3/4 cup powdered milk; 8 cups all-purpose flour, plus more for dusting; 2 teaspoons salt; 3/4 cup shortening; 3 eggs; 1 teaspoon vegetable oil | INSTRUCTIONS: For the burger filling: Brown the ground chuck in a large skillet over medium heat, crumbling the meat pretty finely as it browns. Add the chopped onions and 1 teaspoon of the pepper. Cook the onion down a little, 3 to 5 minutes. Add the chopped cabbage, sauerkraut, remaining 1 teaspoon pepper and 1 teaspoon salt. Let the mixture cook, 10 to 15 minutes, depending on how done you like the cabbage. Strain and let cool. For the dough: Put the yeast and sugar in a 4-cup measuring cup and add warm water to the 1-cup mark. Stir together and let sit until the yeast rises to twice its original size. P <END>
INPUT: Mexican, beef, burgers, chuck, sirloin, Caribbean jerk seasoning, Zinfandel, kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Honey-Chipotle Glazed Beef Burgers with Mint-Avocado Sauce | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 pounds ground chuck; 1 1/2 pounds ground sirloin; 1 tablespoon Caribbean jerk seasoning; 1/4 cup Zinfandel (recommended: Sutter Home); 2 teaspoons kosher salt; 1 ripe avocado, peeled and pitted; 2 tablespoons fresh lime juice; 1 cup mayonnaise; 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt; 1/2 cup chopped fresh mint leaves; 3/4 cup Zinfandel (recommended: Sutter Home); 3/4 cup wine vinegar; 1 cup honey; 3 chipotle chiles in adobo sauce, finely minced; 1 teaspoon kosher salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Prepare a medium-hot fire in a charcoal grill with a cover, or preheat a gas grill to medium-high. For the patties: Combine the chuck, sirloin, jerk seasoning, wine, and salt in a large bowl. Mix lightly and form into 6 patties. Refrigerate until ready to grill. For the sauce: Mash the avocado with the lime juice in a bowl. Stir in the mayonnaise and salt. Gently fold in the mint leaves. Cover and refrigerate until ready to serve. For the glaze: Combine the wine, vinegar, honey, chiles, and salt in a fire-proof saucepan. Place on the grill rack and cook, stirring often, until the mixture is re <END>
INPUT: soup, olive oil, onion, butternut squash, garlic, hot chicken stock
OUTPUT: TITLE: Butternut Squash Soup | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon olive oil; 1 onion, chopped; 1 medium butternut squash, peeled and chopped; 2 cloves garlic, minced; 6 cups hot chicken stock; 1 teaspoon chopped fresh thyme; 1 teaspoon chopped fresh sage; 1/2 cup heavy cream; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1/4 cup heavy cream; 1/4 cup sour cream | INSTRUCTIONS: For the soup: Heat the olive oil in a large pot over medium-high heat. Add the onion and cook until beginning to soften, about 5 minutes. Add the squash and cook, stirring occasionally, until beginning to brown around the edges, 8 to 10 minutes. Add the garlic and cook for another minute. Pour in the chicken stock, add the thyme and sage and bring to a simmer. Simmer until the squash is very soft, 10 to 15 minutes. Stir in the heavy cream. Puree using an immersion blender. Season with salt and pepper. Serve immediately, or let cool completely, pour into freezer bags, label and freeze. For the  <END>
INPUT: deep, turkey, Kosher salt pepper, Vegetable peanut oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Deep-Fried Turkey | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: One 12-pound turkey; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; Vegetable or peanut oil, for frying | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Special equipment: a countertop indoor turkey fryer and an instant-read thermometer Let the turkey come to room temperature, then pat it dry thoroughly and season it generously with salt and pepper inside and out. Fill a countertop indoor turkey fryer with the indicated amount of oil according to the manufacturer's instructions (see Cook's Note) and heat to 400 degrees F. Carefully lower the turkey into the fryer and cook for 35 to 45 minutes. An instant-read thermometer inserted into the thigh should register approximately 165 degrees F. Transfer the turkey to a <END>
INPUT: sambal, garlic, ginger, wine, scallions
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Sambal Quail with Braised Green Papaya | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 tablespoons sambal (condiment); 2 tablespoons minced garlic; 2 tablespoons minced ginger; 1/2 cup red wine; 1/4 cup chopped scallions; 2 tablespoons molasses; 1/2 cup canola oil; Salt and black pepper to taste; 8 quail; 2 tablespoons butter; 2 tablespoons brown sugar; 2 medium sized green papaya, skinned and diced; Juice of 1 lime; 1/2 cup chicken stock; Salt and black pepper to taste | INSTRUCTIONS: Mix all ingredients, marinate and refrigerate quail for at least 6 hours; overnight is ideal. Season the quail and grill until done; this will take about 20 minutes. Be careful not to burn the skin. Place on top of the braised papaya. Garnish with chili oil. (Recipes for the braised papaya and chili oil to follow). In a saucepan, melt butter and sugar together. Add papaya and cook for 5 minutes. Season. Add lime juice and chicken stock and simmer for 30 minutes or until papaya is al dente. Season with salt and pepper. Heat chili and cumin in a saute pan until barely smoking. Whisk in oil and s <END>
INPUT: asian, cups, hoisin sauce, rice wine vinegar, ginger, garlic, rice vermicelli noodles
OUTPUT: TITLE: Asian Pork Lettuce Cups | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/3 cup hoisin sauce; 2 tablespoons rice wine vinegar; 2 teaspoons grated ginger; 1 clove garlic, grated; One 14-ounce package rice vermicelli noodles; 2 tablespoons canola oil; 2 pounds cooked pork chops, sliced into strips; 1 head Bibb lettuce, separated into leaves; Serving suggestions: chopped peanuts, mint leaves, cilantro leaves, bean sprouts and Sriracha | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. In a bowl, whisk the hoisin sauce with the vinegar, ginger and garlic. Soak the rice noodles in very hot water until soft, according to package instructions. Cut into smaller pieces for serving. Heat the oil in a skillet over medium heat, then add pork chop strips and quickly stir-fry until warmed through. Add the hoisin mixture and toss to coat. Remove from the heat. Serve the pork family style in lettuce cups topped with chopped peanuts, mint, cilantro, bean sprouts and Sriracha and the rice noodles on the side. <END>
INPUT: Italian, meat, All purpose flour, ball Homemade Pizza, Olive oil, Sauce, skim mozzarella
OUTPUT: TITLE: Meat Pizza with Red Sauce | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: All-purpose flour, for sprinkling; 1 ball Homemade Pizza Dough, recipe follows, at room temperature; Olive oil, for brushing; 1/2 cup Red Sauce, recipe follows; 3/4 cup shredded part skim mozzarella; 1/8 pound sliced pepperoni; 1/8 pound sliced salami; 1 red jalapeno, sliced; Freshly grated Parmesan, for serving; One 1/4-ounce package active dry yeast (2 1/4 teaspoons); 1/2 cup lukewarm water; 1 tablespoon honey; 1 1/4 cups all-purpose flour, plus more for dusting; 1/4 cup olive oil, plus more for bowl; 3 cups bread flour | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Heat a grill to medium-high heat and shut the lid. Let the grill heat for 20 minutes. Sprinkle your work surface with flour. Flatten the Homemade Pizza Dough with your hands and use your fingertips around the edges to define the crust. Flatten the center and stretch the pizza to a 12-inch round while rotating. You can toss it up into the air to get a nice stretch. Have all of your sauces, olive oil, toppings and spoons set out on a sheet tray next to your grill. You have to have everything prepped and ready to go when grilling pizzas. Turn one side of your grill  <END>
INPUT: confit, lemons, olive oil, canola oil, garlic, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lemon Confit | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 lemons; 1/2 cup olive oil; 1/4 cup canola oil; 1 garlic clove; Pinch of salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Using vegetable peeler, remove peel (yellow part only) from lemons in long strips. Squeeze 6 tablespoons juice from lemons. Blanch peel in small saucepan of boiling water 10 seconds; drain. Repeat twice. Bring 6 tablespoons lemon juice, olive oil, canola oil, garlic, and pinch of salt to simmer in small saucepan. Add lemon peel and simmer over low heat until peel is soft, about 1 hour. Cool. DO AHEAD: Can be made 1 month ahead. Keep chilled and completely covered in oil. Always use clean fork to remove lemon. Using vegetable peeler, remove peel (yellow part only) from lemons in long strips. Sq <END>
INPUT: sauce, lemon juice, onion, olive oil, capers, thyme
OUTPUT: TITLE: Salmon with Roasted Asparagus and Lemon-Caper Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 2 tablespoons minced red onion; 1 tablespoon olive oil; 1 tablespoon drained capers, chopped; 1 teaspoon chopped fresh thyme; 1/2 teaspoon grated lemon peel; 1 1 1/2-pound skinless salmon fillet (1 1/4 to 1 1/2 inches thick); 1 pound asparagus, trimmed; 1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Whisk first 6 ingredients in small bowl to blend. Season sauce with salt and pepper. Preheat oven to 450°F. Cut three 1/2-inch-deep slits crosswise in top of salmon (as if dividing into 4 equal pieces but do not cut through). Arrange asparagus in even layer on rimmed baking sheet. Drizzle with oil and turn to coat. Sprinkle with salt and pepper. Place salmon atop asparagus; sprinkle with salt and pepper. Roast until salmon is just opaque in center, about 20 minutes. Transfer asparagus and salmon to platter. Spoon sauce over salmon. Cut into 4 pieces along slits and serve. Whisk first 6 ingredi <END>
INPUT: olive oil, meaty lamb shanks, onion, carrots, rosemary
OUTPUT: TITLE: Braised Lamb Shanks | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons olive oil; 4 small meaty lamb shanks (about 4 1/2 pounds), trimmed of fat; 1 large onion, peeled and chopped; 4 carrots, peeled and finely diced; 3 small sprigs fresh rosemary; 2 imported bay leaves; 4 garlic cloves, minced; 3 cups big-bodied young red wine; 2 medium turnips (about 1 pound), peeled and cut into 1/2 inch dice; 2 teaspoons minced fresh rosemary; 2 teaspoons finely grated fresh orange zest; 1 small garlic clove, minced | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees. Heat the olive oil in a large, deep Dutch oven with a tight-fitting lid over moderate heat until hot but not smoking. Season the lamb shanks with salt and pepper and cook, in batches if necessary, turning with tongs, until well browned, about 10 minutes each batch. Remove the lamb shanks with tongs to a plate and set aside. Stir the onions, carrots, rosemary, bay leaves, and garlic into the dutch oven and cook, stirring, until the onions are very soft, about 5 minutes. Add 2 1/2 cups of the wine and deglaze the pan. Bring the mixture to a boil, reduce the heat, <END>
INPUT: American, gratin, cauliflower, heavy cream, Monterey Jack cheese, Parmesan, goat cheese
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cauliflower-Goat Cheese Gratin | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 head cauliflower, cut into florets; 2 cups heavy cream; 1/2 pound Monterey Jack cheese, coarsely grated; 2 cups grated Parmesan; 6 ounces goat cheese, cut into small pieces; Salt and freshly ground pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. Layer the cauliflower, heavy cream, and the 3 cheeses in a medium casserole dish. Season with salt and pepper. Roast for 20 to 30 minutes or until the cauliflower is soft and the sauce has thickened slightly. Remove from the oven and let rest for 10 minutes before serving. <END>
INPUT: Asian, maki, rolls, sushi rice, Water, rice wine vinegar, mirin, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Smoked Salmon and Jicama Maki Sushi Rolls | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 4 cups sushi rice (Calrose/short grain); Water; 1 cup rice wine vinegar; 1/4 cup mirin; 1/2 cup sugar; 8 sheets of nori; 1 cup smoked salmon strips; 1 cup of jicama strips; 1 cup diakon sprouts; 1/4 cup gari (pickled ginger) julienned; Wasabi oil; Soy syrup | INSTRUCTIONS: Wash rice at least 3 times or until water is clear. Fill rice cooker or casserole with water to about 1-inch over rice. I highly recommend a rice cooker B more than 2 billion people use them in Asia for a reason. Slowly heat vinegar, mirin and sugar until very hot but not boiling. Fold in >su= (vinegar and sugar) with the hot rice, add enough so that the rice has a tart/sweet taste. Rice should be shiny, not mushy. Carefully put rice in a clean bowl, cover with a damp cloth and let rest for 30 minutes. Lay down nori on sushi mat and lightly pat on rice on bottom 2/3rds of nori. Place smoked sa <END>
INPUT: pepper, dark sugar, kosher salt, paprika, racks beef back
OUTPUT: TITLE: Black-Pepper Beef Ribs | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons cracked black pepper; 1 tablespoon packed dark brown sugar; 1 tablespoon kosher salt; 1 teaspoon paprika; 2 racks beef back ribs (not short ribs; 5 to 6 pounds) | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 200°F with rack in middle. Stir together pepper, brown sugar, salt, and paprika. Pat ribs dry. Rub beef all over with spice mixture. Arrange beef in 1 layer in a large roasting pan. Bake, uncovered, until meat is tender, about 6 hours. Cut into ribs and serve immediately. Stir juice into sauce before serving. Preheat oven to 200°F with rack in middle. Stir together pepper, brown sugar, salt, and paprika. Pat ribs dry. Rub beef all over with spice mixture. Arrange beef in 1 layer in a large roasting pan. Bake, uncovered, until meat is tender, about 6 hours. Cut into ribs and ser <END>
INPUT: Asian, salad, rice wine vinegar, miso, sesame oil, Chinese plain somen
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken and Asian Noodle Salad | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 5 tablespoons rice wine vinegar; 2 tablespoons white or yellow miso; 1/4 teaspoon sesame oil; 2 (6-ounce) boneless, skinless chicken breasts, cooked and thinly sliced; 4 ounces dried Chinese plain or somen noodles, cooked according to package instruction; 1 cup cherry tomatoes, halved; 1 cup green beans, blanched; 2 ounces arugula or other baby lettuce (about 2 1/2 cups loosely packed); 1/4 cup, loosely packed, roughly chopped cilantro; 2 papayas, halved, peeled, and seeded, optional | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. In a small non-reactive bowl, whisk together rice wine vinegar, miso, and sesame oil until well combined. Set aside. In a medium size bowl, combine chicken, noodles, tomatoes, green beans, arugula or other salad greens, and cilantro. Drizzle miso vinaigrette over salad and toss until evenly coated. Taste and adjust seasoning. If using papayas, place half a papaya on each of 4 plates. Divide salad evenly among papaya halves or serve in cool Asian-style bowls if you're entertaining. <END>
INPUT: salad, carrots, cilantro, onion, virgin olive oil, lemon juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Carrot Avocado Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 lb medium carrots; 1/2 cup chopped fresh cilantro; 1/4 cup finely chopped onion; 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 1 small garlic clove, finely chopped; 3/4 teaspoon salt; 1/4 teaspoon black pepper; 1 firm-ripe California avocado | INSTRUCTIONS: Halve carrots lengthwise, then cut diagonally into 2-inch pieces. Cook carrots in a 4- to 6-quart pot of boiling salted water until just tender, 5 to 6 minutes. Drain in a colander and transfer to a bowl of ice and cold water to stop cooking. Let stand 5 minutes, then drain again and pat dry. While carrots cool, stir together cilantro, onion, oil, lemon juice, garlic, salt, and pepper in a large bowl until combined. Quarter avocado lengthwise, then peel and pit. Cut into 1/2-inch pieces and add to dressing along with carrots. Toss to combine. Halve carrots lengthwise, then cut diagonally into  <END>
INPUT: Sea salt pepper, virgin olive oil, butter, chanterelles
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pan-Roasted Lobsters | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 (1 1/2-pound) frisky Maine lobsters; Sea salt and freshly ground black pepper; 4 to 5 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; Melted butter, for greasing skillet; 8 ounces fresh chanterelles, boletes, oyster mushrooms, or a mixture of wild mushrooms (cultivated exotic mushrooms such as shiitakes or oyster mushro; 2 tablespoons minced shallots; 1 cup dry-style hard cider (dry white wine is an acceptable substitute); 4 ounces unsalted butter cut in small pieces, at room temperature | INSTRUCTIONS: Kill the lobsters with a sharp-pointed knife plunged into the body behind the head. Remove the bands from the claws. Twist off the tails, and carefully split lengthwise. Twist the claws and knuckles off the bodies; separate the claws from the knuckles. Crack the claws a little using a sharp blow with the back of a knife. Split the bodies. Remove the intestinal tract from the tail meats. Arrange the lobsters in a single layer in an ovenproof baking dish, tail and body shells down. Sprinkle sea salt (preferably from Maine) and black pepper over the lobster meat, followed by a generous dressing w <END>
INPUT: fennel bulbs, all purpose flour, vegetable oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fried Fennel | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 large fennel bulbs, trimmed, thinly sliced; 9 tablespoons all purpose flour; 3/4 cup vegetable oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Preaheat oven to 200°F. Line baking sheet with paper towels. Place 1/3 of fennel in large bowl. Add 3 tablespoons flour and toss to coat. Heat 1/4 cup oil in heavy large skillet over medium-high heat. Add fennel and fry until golden brown, turning with tongs, about 3 minutes. Using slotted spoon, transfer fennel to paper towels; drain. Keep warm in oven. Repeat with remaining fennel, flour and oil in 2 more batches. Season with salt and pepper. Preaheat oven to 200°F. Line baking sheet with paper towels. Place 1/3 of fennel in large bowl. Add 3 tablespoons flour and toss to coat. Heat 1/4 cup  <END>
INPUT: Mexican, latkes, ancho chiles, coarse kosher salt, russet potatoes, onions, cilantro
OUTPUT: TITLE: Latkes with Ancho-Chile Salt and Watercress Guacamole | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2 large dried ancho chiles*; 1 3/4 teaspoons coarse kosher salt, divided; 2 pounds russet potatoes, peeled, diced; 2 cups chopped white onions, divided; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro; 1 large egg; 1 tablespoon masa (corn tortilla mix),** toasted, or plain all purpose flour; 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 6 tablespoons (or more) vegetable oil; Watercress Guacamole; Fresh watercress sprigs | INSTRUCTIONS: Toast chiles in small skillet over medium heat until darker and aromatic, 1 to 2 minutes per side. Cut in half with scissors. Stem, seed, and tear chiles; grind finely with 1/2 teaspoon coarse salt in spice mill. Drape smooth kitchen towel over large bowl. Blend potatoes and 1 cup onions in processor until potatoes are very finely ground, scraping down bowl often. Scrape mixture into towel. Gather towel around tightly and squeeze out at least 1 cup liquid. Scrape dry potato mixture from towel into another large bowl. Add cilantro, egg, masa, 1/2 teaspoon pepper, 1 1/4 teaspoons coarse salt, an <END>
INPUT: American, duck, filled, cornmeal cornmeal, all purpose flour, baking powder, salt, honey
OUTPUT: TITLE: BBQ Duck-Filled Yellow Corn Pancakes with Habanero Sauce | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup yellow cornmeal or blue cornmeal; 1/2 cup all-purpose flour; 1 teaspoon baking powder; Pinch of salt; 2 tablespoons honey; 1 large egg, beaten; 1 1/2 cups milk; 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, melted; 3 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1 small red onion, finely diced; 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped; 7 plum tomatoes, coarsely diced; 1/4 cup tomato ketchup; 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard; 2 tablespoons dark brown sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: Make the yellow pancakes: Combine the cornmeal, flour, baking powder, and salt in a medium bowl. In a separate bowl, combine the egg, milk, honey, and melted butter, then add to the dry ingredients and mix well. Heat a griddle or cast-iron frying pan over high heat, heat a little oil, and drop the batter by spoonfuls to make four 5-inch pancakes. Cook pancakes until brown on both sides and set aside, stack and cover with foil. Make the BBQ Duck: Melt the butter in a large saute pan over medium heat. Add the onion and garlic and cook until soft. Add the tomatoes and simmer for 15 minutes. Add t <END>
INPUT: Asian, vietnamese, soup, low sodium chicken, chicken wings, scallions, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Vietnamese Chicken Noodle Soup | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1 gallon low-sodium chicken stock; 3 bone-in, skin-on chicken breasts; 4 chicken wings; 5 scallions, cut in half; 4 cloves garlic; 2 cinnamon sticks; 2 whole star anise; 1 inch piece fresh ginger, peeled and cut into coins; 1/4 cup dry shiitake mushrooms, rehydrated in warm water for 30 minutes and thinly sliced; 3 tablespoons fish sauce; 3 packages ramen noodles (just the noodles); Garnishes:; 1 cup fresh bean sprouts; 1 jalapeno, thinly sliced; Couple sprigs each fresh mint and Thai basil | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. In a large Dutch oven or stock pot, bring to a simmer the chicken stock, chicken breasts, chicken wings, scallions, garlic, cinnamon sticks, star anise and ginger. Simmer for about 20 minutes. Once the chicken breasts are cooked, remove them, set aside and shred when cooled. Continue to simmer all the other ingredients for 30 minutes. Then strain the broth through a colander to remove the solids and spices. Add the mushrooms, fish sauce and noodles to the strained stock. Simmer until noodles are still al dente, 4 to 5 minutes. Scoop some of the noodles into indiv <END>
INPUT: granola, coconut oil, best quality cocoa, clover honey, granulated cane sugar, fine sea salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate-Coconut Granola | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup plus 1 tablespoon coconut oil; 1/3 cup best-quality cocoa powder (such as Vahlrona or Callebaut); 1/4 cup clover honey; 1/4 cup granulated cane sugar; Pinch of fine sea salt; 1/8 teaspoon pure coconut extract; 1/8 teaspoon pure vanilla extract; 2 1/2 cups oats; 1/2 cup raw whole almonds, coarsely chopped; 1/2 cup coconut chips, coarsely chopped; 1/4 cup best-quality bittersweet chocolate chips; 1/4 cup best-quality white chocolate chips | INSTRUCTIONS: Adjust the baking rack in the oven to the middle rack. Preheat the oven to 275 degrees F. Brush a half sheet pan with 1 tablespoon of the coconut oil. Heat the remaining 1/4 cup coconut oil over medium heat in a small saucepan. Whisk in the cocoa powder, honey, sugar and salt and bring to a simmer. Cook, whisking constantly until smooth and the sugar is completely melted. Stir in the coconut and vanilla extracts. Keep warm. Combine the oats, almonds and coconut chips in a bowl. Add the cocoa mixture and mix with a rubber spatula until the oat mixture is completely coated with the cocoa mixture <END>
INPUT: herb, live lobsters, lemon juice, Italian parsley, chives
OUTPUT: TITLE: Steamed Lobster with Lemon-Herb Butter | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 1 1/4- to 1 1/2-pound live lobsters; 1 cup (2 sticks) butter; 2 teaspoons fresh lemon juice; 2 teaspoons chopped fresh Italian parsley; 2 teaspoons chopped fresh chives; 2 teaspoons chopped fresh basil; Lemon wedges | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook lobsters in 2 large pots of boiling salted water until shells are pink and lobsters are just cooked through, about 11 minutes. Meanwhile, melt butter in small saucepan. Add lemon juice and herbs. Season with salt and pepper. Serve lobsters with lemon wedges and warm herb butter. Cook lobsters in 2 large pots of boiling salted water until shells are pink and lobsters are just cooked through, about 11 minutes. Meanwhile, melt butter in small saucepan. Add lemon juice and herbs. Season with salt and pepper. Serve lobsters with lemon wedges and warm herb butter. <END>
INPUT: bistecca, onions cipolline boiling, Tbs. virgin olive, Gray salt pepper, Tbs. garlic, Tbs. thyme
OUTPUT: TITLE: Bistecca with Balsamic Roasted Onions | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 large red onions or 15 cipolline or boiling onions; 1/4-cup plus 1 Tbs. extra-virgin olive oil; Gray salt and freshly ground pepper; 1 Tbs. minced garlic; 1 Tbs. finely chopped fresh thyme; 1/4-cup balsamic vinegar; 1 large porterhouse steak, about 1-1/2 lbs. and 2 inches thick; 1 Tbs. unsalted butter, cut into bits | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 450 degrees F. For large onions, peel and cut into wedges, leaving as much root on as possible. If using boiling onions, peel and leave whole. Heat olive oil in a large ovenproof saute pan until hot. Add onions, and reduce heat to medium. Cook until brown on all sides, about 5 minutes. Season with salt and pepper. Add garlic and cook briefly until light brown. Add thyme and stir. Regulate heat by moving pan around. Add 2 Tbs. of the vinegar and toss well with onions. Place onions in oven and roast until tender and very browned, about 30 minutes. Stir gently at least once during <END>
INPUT: Mexican, trout, drizzled, egg, seafood stock broth, orange juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Seafood Stuffed Trout Drizzled with Citrus Butter | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: Nonstick cooking spray; 1 (7-ounce) pouch cornbread mix (recommended: White Sweet Yellow Cornbread Mix); 1 egg; 1 cup seafood stock or broth, divided; 1/3 cup orange juice; 1/4 cup fresh lemon juice; 3 tablespoons fresh lime juice; 1/2 teaspoon grated orange zest; 1/4 teaspoon grated lemon zest; 1/2 teaspoon grated lime zest; 1/2 teaspoon cornstarch; 1 stick butter; 1 teaspoon freshly chopped cilantro leaves; 3 tablespoons chopped celery leaves; 3 tablespoons chopped red bell pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Spray an 8-inch baking dish with nonstick cooking spray; set aside. In a medium bowl, mix together the cornbread mix, egg and half of the seafood stock until smooth. Spread mixture into prepared pan and bake for 18 to 20 minutes. Remove from oven and cool for 15 minutes. Once cooled, remove from the pans and break into large pieces with fingers. Increase oven temperature to 375 degrees F. Meanwhile, make the citrus butter sauce by whisking together orange juice, lemon juice, lime juice, orange zest, lemon zest, lime zest, and cornstarch in a medium saucepan over  <END>
INPUT: kulebyaka, butter, onion, long grain rice, shiitake mushrooms, dill
OUTPUT: TITLE: Salmon Kulebyaka | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 ounces butter; 1 minced onion; 1 cup cooked long grain rice; 1/2 cup cooked shiitake mushrooms; 1 tablespoon chopped dill; 1 tablespoon lemon juice; 2 sheets puff pastry; 1 pound salmon fillet; 3 chopped hard boiled eggs; 1 egg, beaten | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Melt butter over low heat and saute onion until translucent. Mix in rice, mushrooms, dill, and lemon juice and let cool. Lay out puff pastry, place rice mixture over half of pastry and place salmon on top. Season with salt and pepper, and cover with eggs. Fold over pastry and seal with beaten egg. Crimp the edges of the kulebyaka. Brush with egg and poke a couple of holes in the pastry to let out steam. Bake for about 30 minutes until pastry is golden brown. Let cool and serve. <END>
INPUT: smoked salmon, onion, capers, sour cream, horseradish
OUTPUT: TITLE: Salmon Hash | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 ounces smoked salmon, cut into strips; 1/2 cup finely chopped red onion; 3 tablespoons drained capers; 3 tablespoons sour cream; 2 tablespoons prepared horseradish; 1 tablespoon whole grain Dijon mustard; 2 tablespoons (1/4 stick) butter; 1 tablespoon vegetable oil; 1 pound frozen hash brown potatoes; Additional sour cream | INSTRUCTIONS: Mix salmon, onion, capers, 3 tablespoons sour cream, horseradish and mustard in medium bowl. Season with salt and pepper. Melt butter with oil in heavy large skillet over medium-high heat. Add potatoes and cook until golden brown, breaking up with spatula, about 12 minutes. Stir in salmon mixture and cook just until heated through, about 2 minutes. Season hash to taste with salt and pepper. Divide among 4 plates. Garnish with additional sour cream. Mix salmon, onion, capers, 3 tablespoons sour cream, horseradish and mustard in medium bowl. Season with salt and pepper. Melt butter with oil in h <END>
INPUT: rolls, milk, vegetable oil, granulated sugar, packages, all purpose flour
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cinnamon Rolls | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 quart whole milk; 1 cup vegetable oil; 1 cup granulated sugar; 2 packages (4 1/2 teaspoons) active dry yeast; 9 cups all-purpose flour, plus more for dusting; 1 heaping teaspoon baking powder; 1 scant teaspoon baking soda; 1 tablespoon salt; 2 cups (4 sticks) unsalted butter, melted, plus more as needed; 1/4 cup ground cinnamon, for sprinkling; 2 cups granulated sugar, plus more as needed; 2 pounds confectioners' sugar; 1/2 cup whole milk; 6 tablespoons (3/4 stick) unsalted butter, melted; 1/4 cup strongly brewed coffee | INSTRUCTIONS: For the dough, heat the milk, vegetable oil and sugar in a large saucepan over medium heat; do not boil. Set aside to cool to lukewarm. Sprinkle the yeast on top and let it sit on the milk for 1 minute. Add 8 cups of the flour. Stir until just combined, cover with a clean kitchen towel and set aside in a relatively warm place for 1 hour. Remove the towel and add the baking powder, baking soda, salt and the remaining 1 cup flour. Stir thoroughly to combine. Use the dough right away or place in a mixing bowl and refrigerate for up to 3 days, punching down the dough if it rises to the top of the  <END>
INPUT: smashed, sweet potatoes, orange juice, heavy cream, light sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Smashed Sweet Potatoes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 pounds sweet potatoes (about 6 large); 1/2 cup orange juice; 1/2 cup heavy cream; 4 tablespoons (1/2 stick) unsalted butter, melted; 1/4 cup light brown sugar; 1 teaspoon ground nutmeg; 1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 2 teaspoons kosher salt; 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Scrub the potatoes, prick them several times with a knife or fork, and bake them for 1 hour or until very soft when pierced with a knife. Remove from the oven and scoop out the insides as soon as they are cool enough to handle. Place the sweet potato meat into the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with a paddle attachment and add the orange juice, cream, butter, brown sugar, nutmeg, cinnamon, salt, and pepper. Mix together until combined but not smooth and transfer to a baking dish. Bake the potatoes for 20 to 30 minutes, until h <END>
INPUT: summer, rolls, Segments lime, fish sauce, sugar, pea sprouts, Thai basil leaves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lobster and Mango Summer Rolls | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Segments of 1 lime; 1 tablespoon fish sauce (3 Crab Brand); 1 teaspoon brown sugar; 1/2 pound pea sprouts; 16 Thai basil leaves; 1 package rice papers, 6 to 8-inch diameter; 2 steamed lobster tails, chilled and sliced; 1 large, ripe mango, sliced in long strips | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large bowl, mix the lime, fish sauce and sugar well. Break up the lime segments. Toss with sprouts and basil. Check for seasoning. Lay out 1 rice paper wrapper and place a small mound of salad at the bottom. Top with lobster and mango. Roll bottom toward the middle. Fold in both sides and continue rolling. Finish roll and let rest. Individually wrap each roll with plastic wrap. Will hold for 2 hours in the refrigerator. Slice on the bias and serve on top of extra salad. <END>
INPUT: gratin, unsalted butter, onions, garlic, sage, Yukon Gold potatoes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Potato Gratin with Sage and Onions | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon unsalted butter; 2 red onions, chopped; 5 garlic cloves, minced; 3 tablespoons chopped fresh sage; 2 pounds Yukon Gold potatoes, thinly sliced (about 7 cups); 1 1/2 cups water; 1 1/2 cups whipping cream; 1 teaspoon salt; 1/2 teaspoon ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 400°F. Melt butter in heavy large ovenproof skillet over medium-high heat. Add onions, garlic, and 2 tablespoons sage; sauté 5 minutes. Add potatoes and 1 1/2 cups water. Bring to boil. Boil until water is completely absorbed, about 8 minutes. Add cream, salt, and pepper; bring to boil. Transfer skillet to oven and bake until potatoes are tender and top is golden, about 40 minutes. Sprinkle with remaining 1 tablespoon sage. Serve immediately. Preheat oven to 400°F. Melt butter in heavy large ovenproof skillet over medium-high heat. Add onions, garlic, and 2 tablespoons sage; sa <END>
INPUT: Italian, crusted, Parmesan, Salt pepper, sun tomatoes, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Parmesan Crusted Salmon | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 (6-ounce) salmon fillet, skin off; 1/4 cup Parmesan, finely grated; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 4 ounces sun dried tomatoes, packed in olive oil; 1 clove garlic; 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1/2 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 1 clove garlic; 1/2 cup basil leaves; 1/4 cup grated Parmesan; Salt and freshly ground white pepper; Parmesan Crisps, recipe follows; Sauteed Asparagus, recipe follows; Mashed Potatoes, recipe follows | INSTRUCTIONS: Lightly season the salmon with salt and pepper. Generously coat 1side of the salmon with the finely grated Parmesan. In a non-stick saute pan, add approximately 3 tablespoons vegetable oil and place over high heat. When the oil is hot, carefully place the salmon in the pan cheese side down. Turn temperature down to medium heat and allow the salmon to cook about 4 minutes before flipping over. The idea is to form a nice crispy, lightly brown crust. Turn salmon and allow to cook another 3 or 4 minutes. Remove from pan and set aside in a warm place until plating. Sun-Dried Tomato Pesto Paste: In  <END>
INPUT: cakes, vegetable oil, eggs, sugar, vanilla extract, self rising flour
OUTPUT: TITLE: Hot Milk Cakes with Strawberries and Cream | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Nonstick vegetable oil spray; 2 extra-large eggs; 2/3 cup plus 1/2 cup sugar; 3/4 teaspoon vanilla extract, divided; 1 cup plus 2 tablespoons self-rising flour; 2/3 cup whole milk; 5 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1 pound large strawberries, hulled, thinly sliced lengthwise; 1/2 cup chilled heavy whipping cream; 1 tablespoon powdered sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 425°F. Spray six 3/4-cup custard cups with nonstick spray. Using electric mixer, beat eggs in medium bowl at high speed until thick, about 3 minutes. Gradually beat in 2/3 cup sugar; beat until thick and pale yellow, about 1 minute longer. Beat in 1/2 teaspoon vanilla. Add flour and beat 30 seconds. Bring milk and butter just to boil in small saucepan, stirring until butter melts. Add hot milk mixture to batter; beat until blended and smooth, about 30 seconds. Divide batter among prepared cups. Place cups on rimmed baking sheet. Bake cakes until tops rise (tall rounded peak wil <END>
INPUT: potato, frosting, vanilla ice cream, Cocoa Powder, Whipped topping
OUTPUT: TITLE: Baked Potato Ice Cream | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Yellow frosting; 1 pint vanilla ice cream; Cocoa Powder (recommended: Hershey's); Whipped topping (recommended: Cool Whip); Yellow frosting (recommended: Betty Crocker); 1/4 cup chopped pistachios | INSTRUCTIONS: For the "butter" frosting: Line the inside of a cover of a butter dish with plastic wrap. Fill the cover completely with yellow frosting and freeze until hard. Lift the "butter" out of the cover using the plastic wrap. Cut into squares.; For the potato ice cream: Have a sheet pan covered with plastic wrap. On 1/2 of the pan, place the pint of ice cream down on its side. Fold the plastic over the ice cream and make a seal. Using your hands, quickly form the ice cream into a potato shape. Then, create a wedge across the length of the potato. Tightly twist the ends of the plastic wrap and make kn <END>
INPUT: foster, butter, sugar, lemon zest, bananas, rum
OUTPUT: TITLE: Bananas Foster | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons butter; 1/4 cup brown sugar; 1/2 teaspoon lemon zest; 3 bananas, peeled and sliced into 2 A thick diagonals; 2 tablespoons rum; Vanilla ice cream | INSTRUCTIONS: Melt butter in skillet and stir in sugar and zest. Cook over medium high heat for 3 - 5 minutes stirring occasionally. When sugar has reached a caramel like consistency add bananas and cook for 3 minutes. Add rum and flambe. Serve over vanilla ice cream. <END>
INPUT: sorbetto, sugar, lemon zest, lemon juice, kosher salt, mascarpone cheese
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mascarpone Sorbetto with Rosemary Honey | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 cup sugar; 1 teaspoon grated lemon zest; 2 tablespoons lemon juice; 1/8 teaspoon kosher salt; 1 1/2 cups mascarpone cheese, room temperature; 3/4 cup orange-blossom honey; 3 sprigs rosemary | INSTRUCTIONS: For the mascarpone sorbetto: Combine the sugar and 1 1/4 cups water in a small saucepan. Place over medium-low heat and bring to a simmer, stirring occasionally with a rubber spatula to dissolve the sugar. Simmer for 1 minute. Remove from the heat and add the lemon zest, lemon juice and salt. Set aside to cool slightly. In a medium bowl, whisk the mascarpone to soften. Add the lemon syrup and whisk until smooth. Allow to cool completely to room temperature, about 30 minutes. Prepare your ice cream maker. Whisk the mascarpone mixture one more time to incorporate, and then freeze according to ma <END>
INPUT: slaw, peppercorns, apple cider vinegar, kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tangy Grilled-Cabbage Slaw with Raisins and Walnuts | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup (packed) light brown sugar; 5 whole cloves; 2 tablespoons whole black peppercorns; 3 1/4 cups apple cider vinegar, divided; 1/4 cup plus 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt, divided, plus more to taste; 1 green cabbage (about 2 3/4 pounds), quartered; 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil, plus more to taste; 7 thick-cut slices bacon (about 8 ounces); 1 1/2 teaspoons honey; 3/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, plus more to taste; 1/2 cup black raisins; 1/2 cup chopped fresh parsley; 1/2 cup toasted walnuts, coarsely chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring brown sugar, cloves, peppercorns, 3 cups vinegar, 1/4 cup salt, and 3 cups water to a boil in a large pot over high heat. Reduce heat and simmer, stirring until sugar is dissolved, 10 minutes. Let cool 10 minutes. Place cabbage in a large resealable bag and fill with pickling liquid. Seal bag and chill at least 5 hours or up to overnight. Pat cabbage dry with paper towels; discard pickling liquid. Prepare a grill or grill pan for medium-high heat. Brush cabbage with oil and grill, turning occasionally, until all sides are well charred, 7–10 minutes per side. Let cool. If using a grill pa <END>
INPUT: walnut, oatmeal, rolled oats, boiling water, sugar, light sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Walnut Oatmeal Cake with Coconut | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup rolled oats (not instant); 1 1/4 cups boiling water; 8 tablespoons (1 stick) unsalted butter, softened at room temperature; 1/2 cup sugar; 1 cup light brown sugar, packed; 2 eggs; 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract; 1 1/2 cups flour; 1 teaspoon baking soda; 1 teaspoon cinnamon; 1/4 teaspoon nutmeg; 1/2 teaspoon salt; Topping, recipe follows; 10 tablespoons cold unsalted butter, cut into pieces; 2/3 cup light brown sugar, packed | INSTRUCTIONS: Place the oats in a medium bowl. Add the boiling water, mix, and let stand 20 minutes. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Lightly butter a 9-inch cake pan, round or square. In a mixer fitted with a paddle attachment (or using a hand mixer), cream the butter until smooth. Add both sugars and mix until smooth and fluffy. Add the eggs and vanilla and mix just until combined. Add the rolled oats and mix just until combined. In another bowl, mix the flour, baking soda, cinnamon, nutmeg, and salt. Working in 3 batches, add the dry ingredients to the butter-oat mixture, mixing until just combined aft <END>
INPUT: Italian, lemon, pepper, vegetable oil, beef chuck roast, Kosher salt, tomatoes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Beef Ragu with Lemon-Pepper Fettuccine | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: Ragu:; 2 tablespoons vegetable oil; One 5-pound bone-in beef chuck roast; Kosher salt; One 35-ounce can whole peeled tomatoes; 2 cups Italian red wine, such as Chianti; 1/2 cup red wine vinegar; 2 tablespoons fennel seeds; 12 cloves garlic, smashed and peeled; 4 carrots, sliced; 4 celery ribs, sliced; 2 bay leaves; 1 large onion, sliced; 1 cup fresh flat-leaf parsley, roughly chopped; Pasta: | INSTRUCTIONS: For the ragu: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Heat the oil in a large Dutch oven over high heat. Season the beef well with salt; then sear it on all sides, about 8 minutes. Add the tomatoes with their juices, wine, vinegar, fennel seeds, garlic, carrots, celery, bay leaves and onion. Season the liquid with 1 tablespoon salt. Bring to a simmer, cover and transfer to the oven. Cook until the meat is almost tender, about 2 hours. Uncover and cook until the meat is tender all the way through and falling off the bone, 30 to 45 minutes more. Cool the meat in the braising liquid. Remove and discar <END>
INPUT: creme, caramel, sugar, water, pineapple, half half, coconut meat
OUTPUT: TITLE: Coconut Pineapple Creme Caramel | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cups sugar; 1/2 cup water; 1 cup crushed pineapple; 1/2 quart half and half; 6 ounces fresh coconut meat (or 4 ounces coconut flakes); 2 teaspoons vanilla extract or 2 vanilla beans, split and scraped; 8 whole eggs; 4 egg yolks; Sugar to taste (between 1/2 to 3/4 cup); 2 cans (13 ounces) coconut milk | INSTRUCTIONS: Start by making the caramel. In saucepan cook the sugar and water on top of stove until it starts caramelizing, changing color. When it becomes dark golden, add the crushed pineapple carefully because it will splatter. (Sometimes it is better to heat the crushed pineapple prior to incorporating it into the sugar.) When completely incorporated pour into a 9-inch cake pan and set aside to cool. It will appear to be very soft candy. Make custard mix by heating half and half with the coconut and the vanilla, if using the bean. Right before it starts to boil, pull off the heat and combine with the  <END>
INPUT: salad, wine vinegar, olive oil, leaf lettuce leaves, julienne radish, pine nuts
OUTPUT: TITLE: Red-Leaf Lettuce, Radish, and Pine Nut Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 5 teaspoons red-wine vinegar; 6 tablespoons olive oil; 8 cups shredded red-leaf lettuce plus 18 whole leaves for lining the plates (about 2 heads total), rinsed and spun dry; 1 cup julienne strips of radish; 1/3 cup pine nuts, toasted lightly | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large bowl whisk together the vinegar and salt and pepper to taste, add the oil, whisking, and whisk the dressing until it is emulsified. Add the shredded lettuce, the radish, and the pine nuts and toss the salad well. Line each of 6 plates with 3 whole lettuce leaves and divide the salad among the plates. In a large bowl whisk together the vinegar and salt and pepper to taste, add the oil, whisking, and whisk the dressing until it is emulsified. Add the shredded lettuce, the radish, and the pine nuts and toss the salad well. Line each of 6 plates with 3 whole lettuce leaves and divide th <END>
INPUT: Asian, salad, rice flour, cornstarch, onions, eggs, soy sauce
OUTPUT: TITLE: Crispy Chicken Salad with Citrus Dressing | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup rice flour; 3 tablespoons cornstarch; 1/4 cup minced green onions; 2 large eggs; 2 tablespoons soy sauce; 2 tablespoons grated peeled fresh ginger; 2 tablespoons fish sauce (nam pla); 1 tablespoon grated lemon peel; 2 teaspoons chopped garlic; 1 teaspoon salt; 1/2 teaspoon dried crushed red pepper; 8 4- to 5-ounce skinless boneless chicken breast halves; Vegetable oil (for deep-frying); 2 5-ounce bags mixed baby greens; Citrus Dressing | INSTRUCTIONS: Mix flour and cornstarch in large bowl. Mix green onions, eggs, soy sauce, ginger, fish sauce, lemon peel, garlic, salt and crushed red pepper in medium bowl. Whisk into flour mixture. Using rolling pin, lightly pound each chicken breast between sheets of waxed paper to 1/4- to 1/2-inch thickness. Add enough oil to heavy large saucepan to reach depth of 3 inches. Heat oil to 350°F. Working in batches, dip chicken into batter, turning to coat; fry chicken until golden brown and cooked through, about 3 minutes per side. Using tongs, transfer chicken to paper towels; drain. Cut chicken crosswise  <END>
INPUT: bolognese, grape seed oil, pork, wine, garlic, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pork Bolognese Pappardelle | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 teaspoon grape seed oil; 1 pound ground pork; 1/4 cup red wine (Chianti); 2 tablespoons minced garlic; 1 medium onion, small diced; 2 large ripe tomatoes, chopped (keep juices); 1 large bell pepper, cored, small diced; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh basil; 1 sprig fresh thyme; 1/4 cup heavy cream; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 pounds cooked pappardelle, for serving | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large skillet over medium-high heat, add the grapeseed oil until warmed. Then add the ground pork, cooking until browned, 7 to 8 minutes. Remove the meat from the skillet. In a second skillet over medium-high heat, add the wine, garlic and onions, stirring throughout the cooking until translucent, about 10 minutes. Add the cooked pork, tomatoes and peppers, and then stir in the basil and thyme. Bring the mixture to a slow roll, reduce the heat to low and simmer, covered, for 15 minutes. Add the cream and finish for 5 minutes. Finish with salt and pepper to desired taste. Toss the bolognes <END>
INPUT: roast, crust, hazelnuts, Sherry wine vinegar, thyme, peppercorns
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roast Turkey with Prosciutto-Hazelnut Crust | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cups (3 sticks) unsalted butter, room temperature; 6 tablespoons chopped hazelnuts; 1 1/2 tablespoons Sherry wine vinegar; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh thyme; 2 teaspoons crushed black peppercorns; 1 garlic clove, minced; 3/4 teaspoon salt; 9 ounces thinly sliced prosciutto, chopped; 3 green onions, chopped; Neck, heart, and gizzard reserved from one 16- to 18-pound turkey; 3 large shallots, finely chopped; 1 bay leaf; 1 cup dry white wine; 1 large fresh thyme sprig; 1/2 teaspoon chopped fresh rosemary | INSTRUCTIONS: For prosciutto butter: Place butter in large bowl. Mix in hazelnuts, vinegar, thyme, crushed pepper, garlic, and salt. Mix in prosciutto and green onions. Place butter in large bowl. Mix in hazelnuts, vinegar, thyme, crushed pepper, garlic, and salt. Mix in prosciutto and green onions. For gravy base: Melt 2 tablespoons prosciutto butter in heavy large pot over medium-high heat. Add neck, heart, gizzard, shallots, and bay leaf; sauté until brown, about 20 minutes. Add wine, thyme, and rosemary; boil until liquid is reduced almost to glaze, about 3 minutes. Add 4 cups broth; bring to boil. Redu <END>
INPUT: rolls, rice, cabbage, onion, oil, vegetable bouillon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cabbage Rolls | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 pound rice; 1 head fresh cabbage, approximately 3 pounds; 1 small onion, chopped fine; 1 teaspoon oil; 1 teaspoon vegetable bouillon; 1/2 pound ground pork; Salt; Pepper; 2 carrots, chopped; 2 stalks celery, chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Steam the rice and cabbage head separately. Set the steamed rice aside. Peel off the cabbage leaves to have individual leaves. Add chopped onion, oil, bouillon, and the steamed rice to the ground pork meat. Mix together. Season with salt and pepper. Roll the ground pork mixture into golf ball-sized balls. Wrap each pork ball in a cabbage leaf. Add carrots and celery into the baking pan (vegetables prevent the cabbage from burning onto the bottom of the pan, and also adds an aroma to the rolls) and arrange the cabbage rolls on top. Place the pan into the oven  <END>
INPUT: Asian, salad, sea scallops, olive oil, shallots, sherry wine, sweet butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Seared Sea Scallops, Wasabi Caviar and Seaweed Salad | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound sea scallops; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 2 tablespoons finely chopped shallots; 1/4 cup dry sherry wine; 2 tablespoons sweet butter; 1 cup finely shredded raw root vegetables, carrot, beet, turnip; 2 ounces wasabi flavored caviar, (flying fish roe); 1/4 cup wakame (Japanese pickled seaweed); Salt and pepper, to taste | INSTRUCTIONS: Season the scallops with salt and pepper. Heat a large saute pan over high heat. Add 1 tablespoon of the olive oil to the hot pan and heat 30 seconds. Add the scallops and sear 1 side until well-browned, about 3 minutes. Do not shake the pan or move the scallops until ready to turn. Using tongs turn the scallops to brown the second side. Cook an additional 3 minutes. Remove from the pan and add the shallots to the still hot pan. Return to the heat and cook for 30 seconds before adding the sherry. When the sherry begins to boil swirl in the butter. Do not let the butter boil or separate. Toss t <END>
INPUT: American, chicken wings, packets ranch dressing, all purpose flour, pepper, eggs
OUTPUT: TITLE: Ranch Wings | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 pounds chicken wings, split at the joint, tips removed; 3 1-ounce packets ranch dressing mix; 1 1/2 cups all-purpose flour; Freshly ground pepper; 3 large eggs; Vegetable oil, for frying; 1/4 cup hot sauce; 1/4 cup honey | INSTRUCTIONS: Toss the wings with 1 packet dressing mix in a large bowl. Cover and refrigerate at least 1 hour, or up to 4 hours. Whisk the flour, 1 teaspoon pepper and 1 packet dressing mix in a large bowl. In another bowl, whisk the eggs, 2 tablespoons water and the remaining packet dressing mix. Dredge the wings a few at a time in the seasoned flour, then dip into the egg mixture and return to the flour mixture, turning to coat. Transfer to a rack. Heat 1/2 inch vegetable oil in a medium cast-iron skillet over medium heat until a deep-fry thermometer registers 350 degrees F. Fry the wings in batches unti <END>
INPUT: Chocolate Vanilla Cake, recipes American Buttercream, Gel food coloring, piece fondant
OUTPUT: TITLE: 3-D Dog Cake | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 recipe Chocolate or Vanilla Cake, recipes follow; 2 recipes American Buttercream, recipe follows; Gel food coloring of your choice, for dyeing American Buttercream; Small piece white fondant; Small piece black fondant; Small piece pink fondant; Nonstick cooking spray; 5 1/2 cups all-purpose flour, plus more for the pans; 2 1/2 teaspoons baking powder; 2 teaspoons salt; 2 sticks (1 cup) unsalted butter, at room temperature; 4 cups granulated sugar; 1 cup vegetable oil; 10 large eggs, at room temperature; 2 tablespoons pure vanilla extract | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: a pastry bag fitted with the No.234 grass or hair tip Cut and assemble the cake on a 13-by-9-inch cake board according to the diagram, using American Buttercream frosting to adhere the cake pieces together. Frost the entire cake with a thin and even coating of American Buttercream. Refrigerate so the frosting can set, about 1 hour. Dye the remaining American Buttercream using gel food coloring in the color you would like your dog to be. Place into a pastry bag fitted with a large grass tip and pipe "fur" all over the cake. Roll the white fondant into two 2-inch discs. Roll t <END>
INPUT: jumbo shrimp, garlic, cayenne chilies, virgin olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Portuguese-Style Spicy Shrimp | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 pounds jumbo shrimp, peeled and deveined; 1 tablespoon minced garlic; 1 tablespoon finely minced fresh red cayenne chilies, seeded; 1/2 cup extra-virgin olive oil, preferably imported from Portuguese; 1/2 cup extra-virgin olive oil; Red hot pepper sauce, to taste | INSTRUCTIONS: In a glass baking dish toss the shrimp with the garlic, chilies and olive oil. Cover and marinate, refrigerated, for at least 24 hours. Preheat grill or broiler and cook shrimp, brushing occasionally with marinade, for 2 to 3 minutes per side. In a small bowl stir together 1/2 cup olive oil and red hot pepper sauce, to taste. Serve the hot grilled shrimp with the dipping sauce. <END>
INPUT: Italian, stir, cornstarch, soy sauce, beef broth, Scotch, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Penne with Stir-Fried Beef and Red Bell Pepper | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons cornstarch; 1/4 cup soy sauce; 1 1/2 cups beef broth; 2 tablespoons Scotch; 1 tablespoon sugar; 1 teaspoon Asian (toasted) sesame oil; 3 tablespoons vegetable oil; 1 pound boneless sirloin, cut into 1/4-inch strips; 2 red bell peppers, cut into julienne strips; 2 large garlic cloves, minced; 2 tablespoons minced peeled fresh gingerroot; 6 scallions, sliced thin diagonally; 1 teaspoon dried hot red pepper flakes; 1 pound penne (quill-shaped pasta) | INSTRUCTIONS: In a bowl whisk together the cornstarch, the soy sauce, the broth, the Scotch, the sugar, and the sesame oil. In a large heavy skillet or a wok heat 1 tablespoon of the vegetable oil over high heat until it just begins to smoke and in it stir-fry the beef, patted dry, in 2 batches, for 30 seconds, or until it is browned but still pink within, transferring it with a slotted spoon as it browns to a bowl. In the skillet heat 1 tablespoon of the remaining vegetable oil over moderately high heat until it is hot but not smoking, in it stir-fry the bell peppers for 2 minutes, or until they are crisp- <END>
INPUT: American, dumplings, all purpose flour, salt, egg, vegetable oil, lukewarm water
OUTPUT: TITLE: Farmer Cheese Dumplings | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups all-purpose flour plus additional for dusting; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1 large egg; 1 tablespoon vegetable oil; 1/2 cup lukewarm water; 15 oz farmer cheese (1 1/2 cups); 1 cup sour cream (10 oz); 2 large eggs, separated; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 3 tablespoons fine fresh bread crumbs; 1/2 stick (1/4 cup) unsalted butter, melted; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh flat-leaf parsley; Special equipment: a table at least 30 inches long and 24 inches wide; a 36-inch-square smooth cotton or linen tablecloth or sheet (preferably with a  | INSTRUCTIONS: Make dough: Stir together flour and salt in a bowl. Make a well in flour mixture and add egg, oil, and water, then gently beat with a fork, gradually incorporating shallow scrapings from inside flour wall to form a dough. Knead on a lightly floured surface, adding just enough flour to prevent dough from sticking, until dough is smooth and elastic, 6 to 8 minutes. Rinse a 2-quart bowl with hot water and dry it, then invert over dough. Let dough stand, covered, 30 to 60 minutes. Stir together flour and salt in a bowl. Make a well in flour mixture and add egg, oil, and water, then gently beat wit <END>
INPUT: fire, bisque, plum tomatoes, grapeseed oil, chicken stock, butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fire-Roasted Tomato, Mushroom and Shrimp Bisque | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 8 plum tomatoes, halved and seeds removed; 2 tablespoons grapeseed oil, divided; 1 quart chicken stock; 1/2 pound (16/20-size) shrimp, deveined, divided; 2 tablespoons butter; 1 white onion, diced; 2 cloves garlic, lightly crushed with the side of a knife blade, and quartered; 1 cup white mushrooms, cleaned, trimmed and sliced (about 3 ounces); 1 cup white rice; 1 tablespoon all-purpose seasoning (recommended: Old Bay); 2 cups heavy cream; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 tablespoon minced fresh cilantro leaves; 1 tablespoon minced fresh mint leaves; 2 or 3 slices French bread or garlic bread, toasted and cut into croutons | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. Place tomatoes cut-side down on a baking sheet lined with foil for easy cleanup and brush skin with 1 tablespoon of the grapeseed oil, reserving the rest of the oil. Roast tomatoes until charred, about 15 minutes, remove from oven and place in plastic bags to sweat. This will help make it easier to remove the skin. Heat chicken stock in a medium saucepot over medium heat. Peel shrimp and add shells to the pot, reserving the shrimp. Bring the pot of stock and shells to a boil, skimming any impurities which rise to the surface. In a large stockpot, heat the remaini <END>
INPUT: Italian, orzo, onion, olive oil, unsalted butter, celery
OUTPUT: TITLE: Olive and Mozzarella Orzo | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound orzo (rice-shaped pasta); 1 1/2 cups chopped onion; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 2 cups chopped celery; 2 tablespoons all-purpose flour; 1 cup chicken broth; a 35-ounce can plum tomatoes, drained well; 1 teaspoon dried basil, crumbled; 1/4 teaspoon cayenne, or to taste; 1/2 pound Kalamata or other brine-cured black olives, pitted and sliced thin; 3/4 pound mozzarella | INSTRUCTIONS: In a kettle of boiling salted water boil the orzo until it is al dente, drain it well, and transfer it to a large bowl. In a large heavy skillet cook the onion in the oil and the butter over moderately low heat, stirring, until it is softened, add the celery, and cook the mixture, stirring, for 5 minutes. Stir in the flour, cook the mixture, stirring, for 3 minutes, and stir in the broth, the tomatoes, chopping them with a spoon, the basil, and the cayenne. Simmer the mixture, stirring, for 5 minutes, stir it into the orzo with the olives, 1/2 pound of the mozzarella, cut into 1/4-inch dice, a <END>
INPUT: bouillabaisse, olive oil, onion, fennel bulb, garlic, wine
OUTPUT: TITLE: Bouillabaisse | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1 large onion, sliced; 1 small fennel bulb, thinly sliced, fronds reserved; 2 cloves garlic, minced; 1/2 cup white wine; Zest of 1 orange; 1/2 teaspoon crumbled saffron threads; 1 (14.5-ounce) can diced tomatoes, in juice; 8 ounces Yukon gold potatoes, peeled and diced; 6 cups clam juice or fish stock; 15 mussels, cleaned and debearded; 15 large (20/25-count) shrimp, peeled, deveined and tail on; 15 little neck clams; 1 pound halibut, cut into 4 (4-ounce) pieces; Faux Rouille, recipe follows | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat the olive oil in a large, heavy-bottomed pot or Dutch oven over medium-high heat. Add the onion, fennel, and garlic, and saute until the vegetables just start to brown. Add the white wine and reduce. Add the orange zest, saffron, tomatoes, potatoes, and fish stock or clam juice. Bring the mixture to a boil. Continue cooking until the vegetables are tender and the liquid has reduced, about 25 minutes. Adjust the heat to medium-low and add the mussels and cook for 3 to 4 minutes. Add the shrimp and clams and cook for 3 minutes more. Add the halibut and cook for an additional 4 to 5 minutes. <END>
INPUT: Italian, chunky, russet potatoes, whipping cream, sun tomatoes oil, shallots, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chunky Two-Cheese Potatoes with Garlic and Pesto | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 5 large russet potatoes (about 4 pounds total), cut into 1/2-inch pieces; 2 cups whipping cream; 6 sun-dried tomatoes packed in oil, drained, minced; 2 tablespoons minced shallots; 2 tablespoons minced garlic; 2 tablespoons prepared pesto; 1/4 teaspoon white pepper; 1 1/2 cups grated mozzarella cheese (about 6 ounces); 1 1/2 cups grated Jarlsberg cheese (about 5 ounces) | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 375°F. Place potatoes in 18x12-inch rimmed baking sheet. Mix cream, sun-dried tomatoes, shallots, garlic, pesto and white pepper in large bowl to blend. Pour over potatoes; stir gently to coat. Sprinkle both cheeses over potato mixture. Bake until potatoes are tender and cheese is golden brown on top, about 45 minutes. Let cool 10 minutes before serving. Preheat oven to 375°F. Place potatoes in 18x12-inch rimmed baking sheet. Mix cream, sun-dried tomatoes, shallots, garlic, pesto and white pepper in large bowl to blend. Pour over potatoes; stir gently to coat. Sprinkle both che <END>
INPUT: cornbread, carrots, zucchini, Kosher salt, cornmeal
OUTPUT: TITLE: Carrot-Zucchini Cornbread | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup grated carrots; 1/2 cup grated zucchini; Kosher salt; Cooking spray; 1 1/2 cups yellow cornmeal; 1/4 cup all-purpose flour; 2 tablespoons sugar; 1 teaspoon baking powder; 1/2 teaspoon baking soda; 1 egg; 1 cup milk; 1 cup sour cream or plain Greek yogurt; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted; 1/4 cup chopped fresh parsley | INSTRUCTIONS: Sprinkle the carrots and zucchini with salt. Set aside for 15 minutes; squeeze dry. Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Coat a 9-inch-square baking dish or a 9-inch cast-iron skillet with cooking spray. Whisk the cornmeal, flour, sugar, baking powder, baking soda and 1/4 teaspoon salt in a large bowl. In a separate bowl, whisk the egg, milk, sour cream and melted butter; whisk into the dry ingredients until combined. Fold in the carrots, zucchini and parsley. Pour the batter into the prepared dish or skillet. Bake until the cornbread springs back when pressed in the center, 25 to 35 minutes. Le <END>
INPUT: olive oil, onions, Salt pepper, garlic, string beans
OUTPUT: TITLE: Easy String Beans and Onions | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1/2 cup onions, halved and sliced; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 clove garlic, grated (on a rasp); 1 1/2 pounds fresh string beans, sliced into thirds; 1 cup chicken stock; Lemon wedge, for spritzing | INSTRUCTIONS: In a saute pan with straight sides or a medium pot, add the olive oil and raise the heat to medium-high. Add the onions and season with a pinch of salt and grind or 2 of pepper. Cook the onions, stirring and moving around, until tender and translucent, about 4 minutes. Add the garlic and lower the heat. Continue cooking until fragrant and tender, about 2 minutes. Add the string beans and season with salt and pepper. Stir to coat, and then add the chicken stock. Raise the heat to a simmer and cover. Cook until the green beans are very tender, about 25 minutes. Spritz with lemon just before serv <END>
INPUT: twists, sheet puff pastry, unsalted butter, sugar, cinnamon, milk
OUTPUT: TITLE: Puff Pastry Twists | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 sheet frozen puff pastry, thawed; 1/2 cup unsalted butter, melted; 3/4 cup sugar; 2 1/2 teaspoons cinnamon; 1 cup milk; 8 ounces semisweet or milk chocolate, chopped; 1/4 cup smooth peanut butter | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Line a sheet pan with parchment or buttered waxed paper. Unroll the puff pastry on a work surface. Brush the pastry generously with melted butter. In a small bowl, toss together the sugar and cinnamon. Sprinkle evenly over the pastry. Working lengthwise, cut the pastry in half and then cut each half into 6 even strips, each 3/4-inch wide. Twist the strips to make long twisted "straws". Transfer to the prepared pan, pushing the ends down with your thumb to help them stay in place on the pan and remain twisted. Bake until puffed and golden brown, about 20 minut <END>
INPUT: salad, curly endive, Granny Smith apples, heavy cream, wine vinegar, cabrales cheese
OUTPUT: TITLE: Apple, Endive and Cabrales Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 small heads curly endive, preferably frisee; 3 large Granny Smith apples; 1 1/2 cups heavy cream; 3/4 cup red wine vinegar; 3 ounces cabrales or blue cheese, crumbled; 1/3 cup walnuts, toasted and coarsely chopped; 1/2 teaspoon coarse salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Separate endive leaves and wash well in cold running water. Trim and discard stems, break leaves into bitesized pieces and pat dry. Set aside in a bowl. Peel and core apples and cut into thin slices. In another bowl, combine remaining ingredients. Add apple slices to cream mixture. (The apples can now be reserved in the refrigerator for up to 4 hours.) To serve, pour apple and cream mixture over endive. Toss well to coat. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, salad, lemon juice, virgin olive oil, Coarse grained salt, apples, fennel
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fennel, Apple, Celery Salad with Cilantro and Lemon | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup plus 2 tablespoons lemon juice; 1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil; Coarse grained salt and cracked black pepper; 2 large apples, julienned; 1 medium head fennel, cored and thinly sliced; 3 large ribs celery, sliced (about 1 cup); 1/2 cup cilantro leaves, roughly chopped or more to taste | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large non-reactive bowl, combine the lemon juice, olive oil, salt and pepper. Add the apples, fennel, celery and cilantro. Toss until well combined. Taste and adjust seasonings. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, sauce, tomatillos, poblano chiles, garlic, water, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Shrimp in Cilantro Sauce | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 lb firm fresh tomatillos*, husks discarded and tomatillos rinsed in warm water and halved; 1 lb fresh poblano chiles (about 4), seeds and ribs discarded, and chiles coarsely chopped; 8 garlic cloves, crushed; 1/2 cup water; 1 1/2 teaspoons salt; 2 lb large shrimp in shell (21 to 25 per lb); 1/2 cup olive oil; 4 cups loosely packed fresh cilantro sprigs; 1/2 stick (1/4 cup) unsalted butter; Accompaniment: rice | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine tomatillos, chiles, 4 garlic cloves, water, and 1/2 teaspoon salt in a 4-quart saucepan and simmer, covered, stirring occasionally, until tomatillos are tender, 10 to 12 minutes. (Chiles will not be tender.) While tomatillos are simmering, peel and devein shrimp. Rinse and pat dry, then toss with 1/2 teaspoon salt. Working in batches if necessary, purée tomatillo mixture, oil, and cilantro in a blender until smooth (use caution when blending hot liquids). Force through a medium-mesh sieve into a bowl, pressing hard on and then discarding solids. Heat butter in a deep 12-inch heavy skil <END>
INPUT: stew, butter, Salt pepper, andouille sausage, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken and Sausage Stew with Oven Roasted Potatoes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 10 tablespoons butter; 2 pounds boneless, skinless chicken thigh meat, cut into 2 -inch chunks; Salt and pepper; 8 ounces andouille sausage, sliced; 1 yellow onion, diced; 2 garlic cloves, minced; 2 carrots, peeled and cut into thick rounds; 1 small fennel bulb, trimmed and sliced; 2 sprigs fresh thyme; 2 bay leaves; 5 cups chicken stock; 1 orange, zest grated; 1/2 cup all-purpose flour; 1/4 cup white wine; Oven roasted potatoes, recipe follows | INSTRUCTIONS: Melt 6 tablespoons of the butter in a large, heavy bottomed stockpot over medium heat. Just before the butter begins to brown, add the chicken. Season with a little salt and pepper and cook until browned on all sides, about 8 minutes. Add the andouille and cook 2 more minutes. Remove the meat to a large dish and set aside. Melt the remaining butter in the same pot. Add the onion, garlic, carrot, fennel, thyme and bay leaves and cook over medium heat until the onion turns translucent, about 20 minutes. As the vegetables cook, pour the chicken stock into a large saucepan. Place over medium heat  <END>
INPUT: mile, high, fine quality unsweetened, unsalted butter, sifted cake flour, unsweetened cocoa powder, baking soda
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mile-High Chocolate Cake | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 5 ounces fine-quality unsweetened chocolate, chopped; 2 1/4 sticks unsalted butter, softened; 2 3/4 cups sifted cake flour (not self-rising; sift before measuring); 1/4 cup unsweetened cocoa powder (not Dutch-process); 2 teaspoons baking soda; 1 teaspoon baking powder; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 4 large eggs, at room temperature 30 minutes; 1 cup granulated sugar; 1 cup packed light brown sugar; 1 1/2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract; 2 cups sour cream; 1 cup sugar; 6 tablespoons all-purpose flour; 6 tablespoons unsweetened cocoa powder (not Dutch-process) | INSTRUCTIONS: Make cake: Preheat oven to 350°F with rack in middle. Butter cake pans, then line bottom of each with a round of parchment paper and butter parchment. Flour pans, knocking out excess. Melt chocolate with butter, then cool. Sift together flour, cocoa powder, baking soda, baking powder, and salt. Beat eggs, sugars, and vanilla in a large bowl with an electric mixer at medium speed until pale and thick, 3 to 5 minutes. At low speed, mix in melted chocolate until incorporated, then add flour mixture in 3 batches alternately with sour cream, beginning and ending with flour mixture and mixing until  <END>
INPUT: pizza, chickpea flour, water, rosemary, vegetable oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chickpea Pizza | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/3 cups chickpea flour*; 1/2 teaspoon (generous) salt; 2 cups water, divided; 1 teaspoon minced fresh rosemary; Nonstick vegetable oil spray; 6 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, divided; 6 tablespoons finely grated Parmesan cheese, divided; 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, divided | INSTRUCTIONS: Sift chickpea flour and salt into large bowl. Gradually add 2/3 cup water, whisking until smooth. Whisk in 1 1/3 cups water and rosemary. Let stand 30 minutes. Preheat broiler. Spray large nonstick broiler proof skillet with nonstick spray. Add 1 tablespoon oil; heat over medium-high heat. Whisk batter. Pour half of batter into skillet; drizzle with 2 tablespoons oil. Cook until top is almost set, piercing bubbles with knife, about 4 minutes. Sprinkle with 3 tablespoons cheese and 1/4 teaspoon pepper. Broil pizza until golden, 4 to 5 minutes. Slide onto platter. Repeat to make another pizza. C <END>
INPUT: Mexican, corn, Grade maple syrup, unsalted butter, chipotle chiles adobo, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Corn with Maple and Chipotle | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 8 ears corn; 1/2 cup Grade B maple syrup; 5 tablespoons unsalted butter; 2 chipotle chiles in adobo, pureed; 2 cloves garlic, chopped to a paste; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; Canola oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Peel away the outer husks on the corn without actually removing them. Remove the inner silky threads, then wrap the outer husk back around the ear. Soak the ears in water for 1 hour. In a small saucepan, combine the maple syrup, butter, chiles and garlic and season with salt and pepper. Allow to simmer over medium heat for about 8 minutes. Remove from the heat and keep warm. Preheat a grill for medium heat. Grill the corn, turning occasionally, until the kernels are slightly charred, about 20 minutes. Brush with the maple butter. <END>
INPUT: crusted, chicken stock low, oyster sauce, plum sauce, mirin, orange juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pistachio-Crusted Pork with Plum Sauce and Fried Leeks | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup chicken stock or canned low-salt chicken broth; 1/3 cup oyster sauce*; 1/3 cup plum sauce*; 1/4 cup mirin (sweet Japanese rice wine)*; 1/4 cup orange juice; 2 tablespoons chili-garlic sauce*; 3 kaffir lime leaves**; 1 tablespoon apple cider vinegar; 1 tablespoon sugar; 1 tablespoon oriental sesame oil; 1 1/2 pounds pork tenderloin, cut into 12 rounds (each about 1 1/2 inches thick); 1/2 cup (about 4 ounces) roasted natural pistachios, finely chopped; 2 tablespoons (1/4 stick) chilled unsalted butter, cut into 4 pieces; Crispy Fried Leeks (optional) | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine chicken stock, oyster sauce, plum sauce, mirin, orange juice, chili-garlic sauce and kaffir lime leaves in heavy small saucepan over medium-high heat. Simmer until sauce is reduced to 1 cup, whisking occasionally, about 25 minutes. Whisk in apple cider vinegar and sugar. Remove from heat. (Sauce can be prepared 3 days ahead. Cover and refrigerate.) Remove lime leaves. Preheat oven to 350°F. Heat sesame oil in heavy large skillet over high heat. Sprinkle pork with salt and pepper. Sauté pork until golden brown, about 1 minute per side. Transfer pork to work surface; brush each piece wit <END>
INPUT: blondies, pretzels, lightly sugar, granulated sugar, eggs, malted milk powder
OUTPUT: TITLE: Malted Blondies with Crushed Pretzels | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cups lightly packed brown sugar; 1 cup (2 sticks) unsalted butter, softened; 1/2 cup granulated sugar; 2 large eggs; 3 tablespoons malted milk powder; 1 teaspoon vanilla; 2 cups all-purpose flour; 3/4 teaspoon baking powder; 1/2 teaspoon baking soda; 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt; 1 cup toffee bits; 1 cup pecans, chopped; 1/2 cup chocolate chips; 1/2 cup crushed chocolate-covered malted milk balls; 1/2 cup chopped pretzel twists (or sticks) | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Line a 9-by-13-inch pan with parchment paper. Cream together the brown sugar, butter and granulated sugar in the bowl of a stand mixer on medium speed until light and fluffy, approximately 3 minutes Add the eggs 1 at a time, beating for 1 minute after each addition. Add the malted milk powder and vanilla. Reduce the mixer speed to low and add the flour, baking powder, baking soda and salt, mixing until just incorporated. Mix in the toffee bits, chopped pecans, chocolate chips and malted milk balls. Transfer the batter to the prepared pan. Top with the chopped <END>
INPUT: American, casserole, leeks, celery seeds, Coarse kosher salt, all purpose flour
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tuna Noodle Casserole with Leeks and Fresh Dill | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup (1/2 stick) unsalted butter; 2 1/2 cups thinly sliced leeks (white and pale green parts only; from about 2 large); 1/4 teaspoon celery seeds; Coarse kosher salt; 1/4 cup all purpose flour; 2 cups whole milk; 1/2 cup half and half; 1 teaspoon fresh lemon juice; 8 ounces wide egg noodles; 1/2 cup coarsely grated Gruyère cheese (about 2 1/2 ounces); 2 tablespoons chopped fresh dill; 2 5- to 6-ounce cans albacore tuna (preferably packed in olive oil), drained, broken into 1/2-inch chunks; 2 cups coarsely crushed salted potato chips (about 2 ounces) | INSTRUCTIONS: Butter 8 x 8 x 2-inch glass baking dish. Melt unsalted butter in heavy large saucepan over medium heat. Add leeks and celery seeds to saucepan; sprinkle lightly with coarse kosher salt. Cover saucepan and cook until leeks are tender but not brown, stirring often, about 8 minutes. Add flour; stir 1 minute. Gradually add milk and half and half; simmer until mixture thickens slightly, stirring often, about 5 minutes. Stir in lemon juice. Season leek sauce to taste with coarse kosher salt and pepper. Remove sauce from heat. Meanwhile, cook egg noodles in large pot of boiling salted water until ten <END>
INPUT: American, dressing, mayonnaise, sour cream, crumbled cheese
OUTPUT: TITLE: Blue Cheese Dressing | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2/3 cup mayonnaise; 1/3 cup sour cream; 1/3 cup crumbled blue cheese | INSTRUCTIONS: In a bowl combine well the mayonnaise, the sour cream and the blue cheese.; <END>
INPUT: butter, baby carrots, unsweetened apple juice, honey, Salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Honey Apple Glazed Carrots | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon butter; 10 baby carrots; 2/3 cup unsweetened apple juice; 1 teaspoon honey; Salt and pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Peel the carrots and trim the tops. Melt butter in a nonstick skillet over medium-high heat. Add carrots to the skillet and saute until the carrots begin to brown slightly, about 8 minutes. Add apple juice and honey and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat and simmer until carrots are tender and liquid is reduced to glaze, stirring occasionally, about 15 minutes. Season to taste with salt and pepper.; <END>
INPUT: loaf Irish Soda, butter, chives, smoked salmon, dill
OUTPUT: TITLE: Smoked Salmon on Irish Soda Bread with Chive Butter | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 loaf Irish Soda Bread, recipe follows; 1 stick butter, softened; 1 tablespoon chopped chives; 8 ounces smoked salmon, sliced; Fresh dill, for garnish; 1/2 cup oatmeal; 1 1/2 cups all-purpose flour; 1/4 cup sugar; 3/4 teaspoon baking soda; 1 teaspoon salt; 1 cup raisins; 1 tablespoon caraway seeds; 3/4 cup buttermilk | INSTRUCTIONS: Slice the soda bread into thin slices, about 1/4-inch, and cut each slice into a rough 2-inch square until you have 16 pieces. Wrap the remaining bread in plastic wrap and store in a cool dry place. Mix the butter and chives together and spread a small amount onto each square. Top with a small fold of salmon and garnish with a sprig of fresh dill. Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Put the oatmeal into the bowl of a food processor and pulse until finely ground. Pour into a bowl and add the flour, sugar, baking soda, salt, raisins and caraway seeds. Stir well to combine. Pour the buttermilk in  <END>
INPUT: balsamic vinegar, peppercorns, honey, rosemary, unsalted butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Balsamic-Rosemary Butter | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups balsamic vinegar; 2 teaspoons whole black peppercorns; 2 teaspoons honey; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh rosemary; 1 1/2 sticks unsalted butter, slightly softened; Kosher salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine the vinegar and peppercorns in a small saucepan over high heat and cook, stirring occasionally, until reduced to 1/4 cup, 8 to 10 minutes. Remove the peppercorns, whisk in the honey and rosemary and let cool to room temperature. Combine the balsamic mixture with the butter and 1 teaspoon salt in a food processor or with a mixer until smooth. Scrape into a bowl and refrigerate 30 minutes to set slightly. Photographs by Steve Giralt <END>
INPUT: Asian, fast, plate, butter, fish stock, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fast and Easy Plate Cooked Fish Paillard with Ginger, Garlic, and Tomatoes | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 4 (2-ounce) slices boneless and skinless fillet of salmon, tuna, halibut, grouper, red snapper, sturgeon, sea bass, or albacore, no thicker than 1/4 i; 3 tablespoons butter; 1 cup fish stock, recipe follows; 1 (2-ounce) piece fresh ginger, peeled, finely chopped; 3 cloves garlic, finely chopped; 2/3 cup chopped tomatoes; 12 sprigs fresh cilantro; Salt; Freshly ground black pepper; 5 pounds fish carcasses; 1 cup finely chopped celery; 1 cup finely chopped onion; 2 bay leaves; 1 sprig fresh thyme or 1/2 teaspoon dried leaves; 2 sprigs fresh parsley | INSTRUCTIONS: What the black bean cake did for the Santa Fe Bar and Grill in Berkeley, this paillard of fish did for Stars in San Francisco. I developed it with the same purpose: to present, at the opening of a restaurant, a fast, new, easily cooked, foolproof, and easily understood dish. With a little advance chopping and slicing, you can serve this winning dish in five minutes. Use sturgeon and garnish the center of the cooked fish with a tablespoon of spiced crabmeat, cooked fish in green goddess mayonnaise, or preserved tuna in sour cream mixed with ancho chili puree. Or use radish salad as on the sea b <END>
INPUT: clafouti, Unsalted butter, eggs, sugar, all purpose flour, heavy cream
OUTPUT: TITLE: Apricot Clafouti | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Unsalted butter, for greasing the pie plate; 2 large eggs, separated; 1/3 cup plus 2 tablespoons sugar; 3 tablespoons all-purpose flour; 1/2 cup heavy cream; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; 1/4 teaspoon kosher salt; Two 15.25-ounce cans apricots, drained and gently rinsed; 1 teaspoon grated lemon zest; Lemon-Vanilla Whipped Cream, for topping, optional; 1 1/2 cups heavy cream, chilled; 2 tablespoons sugar; 1 1/2 teaspoons vanilla extract; 1/2 teaspoon grated lemon zest | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Butter a 9- to 10-inch shallow pie plate. Combine the egg yolks and 1/3 cup of the sugar in a large bowl. Using an electric mixer, beat on medium-high speed until ribbons form when you lift the beater just slightly out of the batter, about 3 minutes. Add the flour, heavy cream and vanilla extract. Reduce the speed to low and beat until thoroughly blended, stopping the mixer occasionally to scrape down the sides of the bowl with a rubber spatula. Slide the prepared pie plate into the oven to preheat for 4 to 5 minutes. Meanwhile, whisk together the egg whites  <END>
INPUT: finger, sandwiches, loaf French bread, Olive oil, figs, Salt, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Broiled Fig and Gorgonzola Finger Sandwiches | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 loaf French bread, sliced into 1/4 inch thick slices; Olive oil; 9 fresh figs, sliced in half; Salt; Freshly ground black pepper; 18 ounces Gorgonzola cheese, crumbled; 1 cup toasted walnuts, chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees. Brush broth sides of the bread slices with olive oil and place on a baking sheet. Place the baking sheet in the oven and bake for 5 minutes. Turn the bread slices over and bake for another 5 minutes, or until toasted. Remove from the oven and cool. Preheat the broiler to high. Place each of the fig halves on a slice of toasted bread. Season with salt and pepper. Top with 1 ounce of crumbled gorgonzola. Place on a baking sheet. Broil the fig and gorgonzola sandwiches for 1 minute, or just until the cheese begins to melt. Remove from the oven and sprinkle with to <END>
INPUT: Italian, Salt, gluten free pasta, Cheddar, soft goat cheese, lacinato kale
OUTPUT: TITLE: Gluten-Free Pasta and Cheese with Kale | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: Salt; 16 ounces gluten-free pasta (the macaroni shape is traditional, but penne is best); 4 ounces grated Cheddar; 4 ounces soft goat cheese (cream cheese at room temperature works well too); 1 bunch lacinato kale, stems removed, leaves torn into bite-size pieces | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook the pasta. Set a large pot of water over high heat. Add enough salt to make the water taste like the ocean (that's usually about 1/4 cup). When the water comes to a boil, pour in the pasta. Stir it continuously for the first minute. Cook the pasta according to the directions on the package. Each gluten-free pasta cooks differently. You are looking to cook the pasta until it has softened but still has a good bite. That's usually around 8 to 10 minutes. Set up the sauce. Spread the Cheddar over the bottom of a large bowl. Dot the top of the Cheddar with the goat cheese. Toss in the kale lea <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, oven, fries, russet potatoes, olive oil, garlic, kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Olive Oil Oven Fries | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 2 large russet potatoes (about 1 1/2 pounds); 2 tablespoons olive oil; 8 medium garlic cloves, smashed; 2 teaspoons kosher salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat oven to 475 degrees F and arrange rack in top. Peel potatoes and cut lengthwise into 1/2-inch-wide planks. Cut planks lengthwise into 1/2-inch-wide strips then cut strips in half crosswise. Cover potatoes in hot tap water and let soak for 10 minutes before proceeding. Meanwhile, combine oil and garlic in a small saucepan and bring to a simmer over medium-low heat. As soon as the mixture is aromatic and the garlic makes a sizzling noise, remove it from the heat and set aside to cool. When potatoes are done soaking, drain, and thoroughly pat dry with paper towels. Place potatoes on a baking <END>
INPUT: Mexican, herb, mignonette, rice vinegar, lime juice, oysters, clover honey, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Oysters with Jalapeno-Herb Mignonette | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1/3 cup rice vinegar; 1 tablespoon freshly squeezed lime juice; 20 oysters, scrubbed; 1 teaspoon clover honey; 2 tablespoons finely diced red onion; 1 small jalapeno or serrano chile, seeded and finely diced; 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh chives; 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh cilantro; 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh tarragon; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat the grill to high for direct grilling. Stir together the vinegar, lime juice, honey, onions, jalapeno, chopped herbs and some salt and pepper in a small bowl. Let sit at room temperature for at least 10 minutes to allow the flavors to meld. Remove the tops of the oysters over a bowl, catching any of the oyster liquor that comes out. Add the liquid back to the bottom shell with the oyster. Put on the grill and grill until the liquid just begins to simmer but the oysters are still a little raw in the center, about 4 minutes. Carefully remove with tongs to a platter and top each oyster with  <END>
INPUT: cold, onion, celery, olive oil, sugar, beets
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cold Beet and Celery Soup | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup finely chopped onion; 2 cups thinly sliced celery; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 2 teaspoons sugar; 1 1/2 pounds beets, peeled and cut into 1-inch pieces; 1 tablespoon red-wine vinegar plus additional to taste; 3 cups low-salt chicken broth; ice water for thinning soup; sour cream, seasoned with bottled horseradish, and minced fresh chives for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: In a heavy saucepan cook onion and celery in oil with sugar and salt and pepper to taste over moderately low heat, stirring, until softened and add beets, 1 tablespoon vinegar, and broth. Simmer mixture, covered, 35 to 40 minutes, or until beets are very tender. In a blender purée mixture in batches until very smooth, transferring as puréed to a bowl. Chill soup, covered, at least 6 hours or overnight. Thin soup with ice water and season with additional vinegar and salt and pepper. In a heavy saucepan cook onion and celery in oil with sugar and salt and pepper to taste over moderately low heat <END>
INPUT: Italian, olive oil, zest juice lemons, chiles, linguine, crab meat
OUTPUT: TITLE: Crab Linguine with Basil, Lemon & Chile | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1/3 cup olive oil; zest and juice of 1 1/2 lemons; 4 red chiles (bird's eye), finely chopped; 3/4 lb fresh linguine; 9oz white crab meat; large handful fresh basil leaves, torn; crushed sea salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Add the olive oil, lemon zest, and chopped chiles to a small pan and place over low heat until they begin to sizzle. Remove from the heat and set aside. Bring a large saucepan of salted water to a boil. Add the linguine and cook according to the package instructions (about 7 minutes). Drain well, rinse with boiling water, and set aside. Add the chile and lemon oil to the pan that the linguine was cooked in. Add the lemon juice and cook over medium heat until sizzling. Return the linguine to the pan and add the crab meat. Toss gently for 1 to 2 minutes to warm the crab through. Fold in the basi <END>
INPUT: Mexican, salad, dressing, olive oil, cilantro, lemon juice, garlic, chili powder
OUTPUT: TITLE: Zucchini and Tomato Salad with Garlic-Chili Dressing | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 6 tablespoons olive oil; 1/4 cup chopped fresh cilantro; 3 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 3 garlic cloves, finely chopped; 2 teaspoons chili powder; 1 teaspoon ground cumin; 1 teaspoon honey; Nonstick olive oil spray; 6 medium zucchini, trimmed, quartered lengthwise; 6 large plum tomatoes, quartered lengthwise | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 400°F. Whisk first 7 ingredients in small bowl to blend. Season dressing with salt and pepper. Spray baking sheet with nonstick spray. Arrange zucchini on baking sheet and spray lightly with nonstick spray. Sprinkle with salt and pepper. Bake zucchini until just beginning to brown, about 20 minutes. Arrange zucchini and tomatoes on platter. Drizzle with enough dressing to coat. Serve with remaining dressing. Preheat oven to 400°F. Whisk first 7 ingredients in small bowl to blend. Season dressing with salt and pepper. Spray baking sheet with nonstick spray. Arrange zucchini on b <END>
INPUT: caramel, mocha, coffee extract espresso, hot brewed coffee, all purpose flour, granulated sugar, light sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Salted Caramel Mocha Cupcake | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons coffee extract or espresso powder; 1/2 cup hot brewed coffee; 1 cup all-purpose flour; 1/2 cup plus 2 tablespoons granulated sugar; 1/2 cup light brown sugar; 1/3 cup plus 2 tablespoons cocoa powder; 1/2 teaspoon baking powder; 1/2 teaspoon baking soda; 1/4 teaspoon kosher salt; 1 stick (1/2 cup) unsalted butter, melted; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; 2 large eggs; 1/4 cup heavy cream; 1 1/2 teaspoons light corn syrup; 1 1/2 teaspoons granulated sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: For the cake batter: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line a standard muffin pan or cupcake pan with 12 cupcake liners. Mix the coffee extract into the brewed coffee. Set aside and allow to cool slightly. In a bowl of a stand mixer, sift together the flour, granulated sugar, brown sugar, cocoa, baking powder, baking soda and salt and mix to combine. Add the butter, vanilla and eggs and beat on medium speed until combined. Add half of the coffee and beat for 20 seconds. Scrape the sides of the bowl and add the remaining coffee. Beat for another 20 seconds until the batter is smooth. Divide th <END>
INPUT: samosas, vegetable oil, onions, garlic, curry powder, potatoes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Vegetable Samosas | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, plus 1 quart for frying; 2 onions, finely chopped; 4 cloves crushed garlic; 3 teaspoons curry powder; 2 potatoes, peeled and finely diced; 2 carrots, peeled and finely diced; 3/4 cup frozen peas; 1/2 cup frozen corn; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 cups low-sodium vegetable stock; 1 package wonton wrappers (found in ethnic section of most good grocery stores,); All-purpose flour, for dusting work surface | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat the 2 tablespoons vegetable oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Add the onion, garlic, and curry powder and saute until the onions are soft, about 5 to 7 minutes. Add the potatoes, carrots, peas and corn, add season with salt and pepper, to taste. Toss until the vegetables are well coated. Stir in the vegetable stock, cover, reduce the heat and let simmer for 25 minutes. Remove the filling from heat and let cool. Lay out 1 of the wonton wrappers on a floured surface. Put 1 tablespoon of the filling in the center, dip finger into water and wet the edges. Fold over diagonally and press <END>
INPUT: sticks, cornmeal, sugar, baking soda, salt, well shaken buttermilk
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cheddar Jalapeño Corn Sticks | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup yellow cornmeal; 1 teaspoon sugar; 1/2 teaspoon baking soda; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1 cup well-shaken buttermilk; 1 large egg; 1/4 pound coarsely grated extra-sharp Cheddar (1 cup); 1/4 cup finely chopped scallion (white and pale green parts only); 1 to 2 tablespoons finely chopped drained pickled jalapeños; 1/2 stick (1/4 cup) unsalted butter, melted; Special equipment: 2 well-seasoned cast-iron corn-stick pans, each with 7 (5- by 1 1/2-inch) molds*, or a well-seasoned 9-inch cast-iron skillet | INSTRUCTIONS: Put oven rack in middle position and preheat oven to 425°F. Heat corn-stick pans in oven 10 minutes. Whisk together cornmeal, sugar, baking soda, and salt in a large bowl. Whisk together buttermilk and egg in another bowl, then add to cornmeal mixture along with Cheddar, scallion, jalapeños (to taste), and 2 tablespoons butter, stirring until just combined. Remove pans from oven and divide remaining 2 tablespoons butter among molds. Quickly divide batter among molds (about 3 tablespoons each)and bake until tops are golden and a wooden pick or skewer comes out clean, 12 to 15 minutes (15 to 20  <END>
INPUT: scalloped, garlic, heavy cream, chicken broth, all purpose flour, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Scalloped Fennel and Potatoes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 5 garlic cloves; 5 cups heavy cream; 3 cups chicken broth; 3 tablespoons all-purpose flour; 1 tablespoon salt; 1/4 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg; 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 3 pounds fennel bulbs (sometimes called anise; about 3 large ); 4 pounds yellow-fleshed potatoes such as Yukon Gold; 1 stick (1/2 cup) unsalted butter | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 400°F. and lightly butter two 3-quart gratin dishes (about 15 by 10 by 2 inches). Mince garlic and in a large bowl whisk together with 4 cups cream, broth, flour, salt, nutmeg, and pepper. Trim fennel stalks flush with bulbs, reserving stalks for another use, and cut bulbs crosswise into 1/4-inch-thick slices. Divide fennel into 4 equal portions. Peel potatoes and with a mandoline or other manual slicer cut crosswise into 1/8-inch-thick slices. Divide potatoes into 6 equal portions. In 1 gratin dish arrange 1 portion potatoes, spreading evenly, and top with 1 portion fennel sli <END>
INPUT: sauce, bog cranberries, cranberry juice, pure maple syrup, orange juice, orange rind
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cranberry Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: One 12-ounce bag fresh bog cranberries; 1 cup cranberry juice; 1 cup pure maple syrup; 3 tablespoons orange juice; 1 tablespoon orange rind | INSTRUCTIONS: Wash the cranberries under cool water, then throw into a medium saucepan. Pour in the cranberry juice and maple syrup. Add the orange juice and orange rind. Stir together and turn the heat on high until it reaches a boil and the berries begin to pop. Turn down the heat down to medium-low and continue cooking over lower heat until the juice is thick, about 10 minutes. Turn off the heat. Allow to cool, then chill in the fridge until Thanksgiving dinner is ready. It should have a nice jelly-like consistency. <END>
INPUT: American, milanesa, veal chops, Salt pepper, eggs, garlic, breadcrumbs
OUTPUT: TITLE: Veal Milanesa | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 6 rib veal chops, trimmed, bones still attached; Salt and pepper; 3 large eggs; 2 large garlic cloves, minced; 4 cups fresh breadcrumbs (from 8 slices firm white sandwich bread); 8 tablespoons olive oil; 1/2 cup (1 stick) unsalted butter; 1 bunch fresh arugula, torn into small pieces (about 1 cup); 6 medium tomatoes, cut into 1/2-inch-thick wedges, or 1 pint cherry tomatoes, halved; 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar; Dijon mustard, for serving | INSTRUCTIONS: Gently pound cutlets to 1/8-inch thickness between 2 sheets of plastic wrap with flat side of meat pounder or with rolling pin. Pat dry and season with salt and pepper. Beat together eggs and garlic in large shallow bowl. Place breadcrumbs in another large shallow bowl. Dip veal, 1 piece at a time, in egg mixture, letting excess drip off. Dredge in bread crumbs, pressing to coat completely. Repeat with remaining pieces of veal. Heat butter and 2 tablespoons oil in large heavy skillet over moderately high heat, until foam subsides. Sauté chops in 2 batches (without crowding) until golden brown, <END>
INPUT: pulled, sliders, light sugar, coffee, ancho chile powder, molasses, Kosher salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pulled Pork Sliders with Spam and Tropical Slaw | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup packed light brown sugar; 2 to 3 tablespoons ground coffee (preferably Kona coffee); 2 tablespoons ancho chile powder; 1 tablespoon molasses; Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper; 1 3-pound boneless pork shoulder (Boston butt), cut into 4 pieces; 2 cups shredded coleslaw mix; 1/2 pineapple, diced (about 2 cups); 1 mango, diced (about 1 cup); 1 bunch scallions (white and light green parts only), chopped; 2 tablespoons rice vinegar; 1 Fresno chile pepper, seeded and thinly sliced; Kosher salt; 1 12-ounce can Spam, cut in half and sliced inch thick; 12 Hawaiian sweet dinner rolls or potato dinner rolls, split | INSTRUCTIONS: Make the pork: Combine the brown sugar, coffee, chile powder, 2 tablespoons water, the molasses, 1 1/2 tablespoons salt and a few grinds of pepper in a 6-quart slow cooker. Add the pork and toss to coat. Cover and cook on high until the pork is tender, 5 hours. Meanwhile, make the slaw: Combine the coleslaw mix, pineapple, mango, scallions, vinegar, chile and 1/2 teaspoon salt in a bowl; toss. Cover and refrigerate at least 2 hours. Transfer the pork to a bowl using a slotted spoon; let cool slightly. Strain the cooking liquid through a fine-mesh sieve into a saucepan; bring to a boil and cook <END>
INPUT: wine, wine vinegar, garlic, butter, lemon juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sauteed Shrimp with Lemon-Garlic Butter | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup dry white wine; 2 tablespoons white wine vinegar; 8 garlic cloves, minced; 1/2 cup chilled butter, cut into 1/2-inch pieces; 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1 1/2 pounds uncooked large shrimp, peeled, deveined; 2 tablespoons grated lemon peel; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh chives | INSTRUCTIONS: Boil wine, vinegar and garlic in small saucepan until mixture is reduced to 1/4 cup, about 4 minutes. Reduce heat to low. Whisk in butter, 1 piece at a time, allowing butter to melt before adding more. Remove from heat. Stir in lemon juice. Season with salt and pepper. Cover and keep warm. Heat oil in large nonstick skillet over high heat. Sprinkle shrimp with salt and pepper. Add to skillet and sauté until shrimp are opaque in center, about 3 minutes. Transfer shrimp to plates. Drizzle lemon-garlic butter over. Sprinkle with lemon peel and chives and serve. Boil wine, vinegar and garlic in sm <END>
INPUT: Mexican, adobo, rubbed, turkey breast, Guajillo chiles, Pasilla chiles, Ancho chiles, Mexican oregano
OUTPUT: TITLE: Adobo Rubbed Turkey Breast with Chorizo Cornbread Stuffing | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: A whole turkey breast; 1 pound of dried Guajillo chiles seeded and deveined; 1 pound of dried Pasilla chiles seeded and deveined; 1 pound of dried Ancho chiles seeded and deveined; 2 tablespoons of Mexican oregano; 1/2 cup of white vinegar; 1/2 cup of chopped garlic; 2 pounds of Mexican chorizo diced; 2 white onions chopped; 1/2 cup of chopped carrot; 1/2 cup of chopped celery; 2 I/2 cup of crumbled cornbread; 1/2 cup of chicken stock; 1 tablespoon of chopped garlic; 1/2 cup chopped cilantro | INSTRUCTIONS: Toast dry chiles on a grill, then soak all chiles in warm water for ten minutes. Remove them from the water and place them in a food processor with the oregano, white vinegar and chopped garlic. Season the turkey breast with salt and pepper. Rub it generously with the adobo and let marinade for one day. Meanwhile cook the chorizo in a skillet for five minutes until fat has rendered. Add onion, carrot, celery and garlic. Cook for ten minutes until the vegetables have caramelized. Add crumbled cornbread, cilantro, chicken stock and salt and pepper. Make sure that the stuffing itself is not dry b <END>
INPUT: sauce, chicken chicken breasts, lemon pepper seasoning, olive oil, shallot, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Chicken with Creamy Caper Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 chicken boneless skinless chicken breasts "Thin- Sliced"; 2 teaspoons lemon pepper seasoning; 3 tablespoons olive oil; 1 shallot, diced; 1 tablespoon chopped garlic; 2 tablespoons capers; 1 cup white wine or chicken stock; 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard; 2 tablespoons freshly chopped parsley leaves; 2 tablespoons sour cream | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Heat a grill pan or outdoor grill over medium to medium-high heat. Brush the grate of the grill with canola oil just before you grill the chicken. Season the chicken with lemon pepper and put on the grill. Grill for 4 to 5 minutes on each side. Heat the olive oil in a medium skillet over medium heat. Add the shallot and garlic and saute for 2 minutes. Add the capers and white wine and reduce by half. Whisk in the mustard, and parsley and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Let simmer for 1 minute, then remove from heat and whisk in the sour cream. Arrange the  <END>
INPUT: Indian, mole, vegetable oil, garlic, hazelnuts skin, plantains, Delicious apples
OUTPUT: TITLE: Hazelnut Mole | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 6 tablespoons vegetable oil; 6 large garlic cloves, peeled; 8 ounces hazelnuts with skin (about 2 cups); 1 1/2 large ripe plantains,* peeled, cut into 1/2-inch-thick rounds; 1 1/2 pounds Red Delicious apples, peeled, quartered, cored; 1 medium-size white onion, thickly sliced; 13 dried guajillo chiles* (about 2.5 ounces), stemmed, cut open, seeds and veins removed; 3 dried ancho chiles* (about 1.5 ounces), stemmed, cut open, seeds and veins removed; 3/4 cup prunes (about 4 ounces); 7 whole cloves; 6 whole allspice; 1/2 teaspoon coriander seeds; 1/2 teaspoon aniseed; 1/2 teaspoon cumin seeds; 1 cinnamon stick, broken in half | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat oil in large deep nonstick skillet over medium heat. Add garlic to skillet; sauté 2 minutes. Using slotted spoon, transfer garlic to large bowl. Add hazelnuts to skillet; sauté until golden, about 3 minutes. Using slotted spoon, transfer to bowl with garlic. Add plantains and sauté until light golden, about 3 minutes. Using slotted spoon, transfer to same bowl. Add apples; sauté until beginning to soften, about 5 minutes. Using slotted spoon, transfer to same bowl. Sauté onion until golden, about 3 minutes; transfer to same bowl (no oil will remain in skillet). Working in batches, sauté a <END>
INPUT: Mexican, lime juice, lime peel, honey, cilantro additional sprinkling, soy sauce
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lime- and Honey-Glazed Salmon with Basmati and Broccolini | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup fresh lime juice; 2 tablespoons finely grated lime peel; 2 tablespoons honey; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro plus additional for sprinkling; 4 teaspoons soy sauce; 1 tablespoon olive oil; 3/4 cup sliced shallots (about 3 large); 1 1/2 cups basmati rice (9 to 10 ounces); 3 1/4 cups (or more) low-salt chicken broth; 4 5-to 6-ounce skinless salmon fillets; 1 bunch broccolini, bottom inch trimmed, stalks separated if necessary | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 450°F. Whisk lime juice, lime peel, honey, 2 tablespoons cilantro, and soy sauce in small bowl; set aside. Heat oil in large deep ovenproof skillet or casserole (with lid) over medium-high heat. Add shallots and sauté until beginning to soften and brown, about 5 minutes. Stir in rice, then 3 1/4 cups broth; bring to boil. Cover skillet tightly with lid; place in oven and bake 10 minutes (rice will be almost cooked through and most of broth will be absorbed; mix in more broth by 1/4 cupfuls if dry). Remove skillet from oven. Sprinkle rice lightly with salt. Sprinkle salmon with  <END>
INPUT: American, buffalo, chicken tenders, Louisiana hot sauce, all purpose flour, kosher salt, Cajun seasoning
OUTPUT: TITLE: Buffalo Chicken and Blue Cheese Dipping Sauce | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 12 chicken tenders, about 12 ounces; 1/2 cup Louisiana hot sauce; 1/2 cup all-purpose flour; 1 teaspoon kosher salt; 1 tablespoon Cajun seasoning; 1 tablespoon butter; 2 tablespoons vegetable oil; Blue Cheese Dipping Sauce, recipe follows; 4 ribs celery, cut into 3-inch lengths; 1/4 cup crumbled blue cheese; 2 tablespoons buttermilk; 1/2 cup light sour cream; 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Dipping Sauce: Combine all ingredients in a small bowl, mixing well. With the back of the mixing spoon, mash the blue cheese into the sour cream until almost all of the lumps are gone. Chill in the refrigerator for at least 1 hour before serving. Chicken: Soak the chicken in the hot sauce in the refrigerator for at least 30 minutes. Put the flour in a pie tin and season with salt and Cajun seasoning. Remove chicken from hot sauce, shake off excess, and dredge chicken in the flour. Set on a baking rack. Heat the butter and oil in a large skillet over medium heat. When the butter has stopped bub <END>
INPUT: pate, milk, pork liver, bread, canola oil, shallots
OUTPUT: TITLE: Venison Pate | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 1/2 cups milk; 4 ounces pork liver; 1 1/2 cups bread (sourdough or white); 2 tablespoons canola oil; 1/4 cup shallots, minced; 2 cloves garlic, minced; 1/4 cup brandy; 2 eggs; 1 pound ground venison; 4 ounces ground veal; 3/4 cup dried cherries; 3/4 cup pistachios, toasted; 1 1/2 tablespoons ginger powder; 1 teaspoon ground allspice; 1/4 teaspoon pink salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: pate mold (or small bread pan) The night before, use 4 cups milk to soak the butchered livers. In a small container, cover the bread with the remaining milk and soak for a minimum of 30 minutes. Drain, dry, salt and pepper the livers. Preheat a saute pan to the point where oil smokes slightly on contact. Add the canola oil and livers to the pan and brown both sides lightly. Remove to drain and cool. Let the pan cool slightly, and then add the shallots and garlic. Gently sweat until translucent. Add the brandy, cook off the alcohol set aside. Squeeze the bread to remove exces <END>
INPUT: American, mulled, cardamom pods, peppercorns, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mulled Wine | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 (3-inch) cinnamon sticks; 5 cardamom pods; 3 black peppercorns; 4 whole cloves; 1 1/4 cups sugar; 1 1/2 cups water; 1 (750-ml) bottle dry red wine such as Côtes du Rhône; 1 vanilla bean, halved lengthwise; 1 small orange, thinly sliced; 1 small lemon, thinly sliced; Special equipment: a 6- by 4-inch piece of cheesecloth; kitchen string | INSTRUCTIONS: Wrap cinnamon sticks, cardamom pods, peppercorns, and cloves in cheesecloth and tie with string. Bring sugar and water to a boil in a 5-quart heavy pot, stirring until sugar is dissolved, then add spice bag, wine, vanilla bean, and fruit. Simmer, uncovered, stirring occasionally, 3 minutes. Wrap cinnamon sticks, cardamom pods, peppercorns, and cloves in cheesecloth and tie with string. Bring sugar and water to a boil in a 5-quart heavy pot, stirring until sugar is dissolved, then add spice bag, wine, vanilla bean, and fruit. Simmer, uncovered, stirring occasionally, 3 minutes. <END>
INPUT: herbed, roast, mushrooms, bell pepper, onion, shallots skin intact
OUTPUT: TITLE: Herbed Roast Leg of Lamb | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 1/2 pounds (about 15) plum tomatoes, sliced thick; 10 ounces mushrooms, quartered; 1 red bell pepper, chopped; 1 yellow onion, halved, with the skin left on; 2 shallots with the skin intact; 2 heads of garlic, the outer skin removed, leaving the cloves attached at the root end; 1/4 pound red pearl onions (available at specialty produce markets) or white pearl onions, blanched in boiling water for 3 minutes, drained, and peele; 2 fresh rosemary sprigs; 2 fresh orégano sprigs; 2 fresh thyme sprigs; 6 tablespoons olive oil; a 6-pound leg of lamb, trimmed of excess fat; mixed baby vegetables as an accompaniment; fresh mint sprigs for garnish; 1/4 pound baby zucchini and/or baby yellow squash* | INSTRUCTIONS: To make the lamb: In a large roasting pan stir together the tomatoes, the mushrooms, the bell pepper, the yellow onion, the shallots, the garlic, the pearl onions, the rosemary, orégano, and thyme sprig, 1/4 cup of the oil, and salt and pepper to taste. Arrange the lamb, patted dry, on top of the vegetable mixture, drizzle it with the remaining 2 tablespoons oil, and season it with salt and pepper. Roast the lamb and the vegetables in the middle of a preheated 450°F. oven for 15 minutes, reduce the temperature to 350°F., and roast the lamb and stirring the vegetables every 20 minutes, for 1 ho <END>
INPUT: Asian, soup, pork, soy sauce, shao hsing wine, pepper taste, ginger
OUTPUT: TITLE: Wonton Soup | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 pound ground pork; 1 tablespoon thin soy sauce; 2 teaspoons shao hsing wine; Freshly grated black pepper to taste; 1/2 teaspoon grated ginger; 1/4 teaspoon minced garlic; 1 tablespoon cornstarch dissolved in 3 tablespoons water; 1 teaspoon sesame oil; Square wonton wrappers; Egg wash; 1 pound pork neck bones, chopped into large pieces; 2 pounds fowl, chopped into large pieces; 1 Smithfield ham bone; 1 Chinese dried fish (if available); 4 pieces of ducks feet | INSTRUCTIONS: To Make The Wontons: In a bowl combine all the filling ingredients. Open the wonton wrappers and keep them under a dampened cloth. Place a wrapper on a surface with a corner pointing toward you. Brush the egg wash along the four edges of the wrapper. Place a second wrapper on top and press the edges together to seal. Put 2 teaspoons of filling on the center of the wrapper. Pick up the corner closest to you and fold the wrapper over the filling, making a triangle with the long side at the bottom, closest to you. Press down on the edges to seal in the filling while at the same time pushing out a <END>
INPUT: Italian, boats, zucchini, olive oil, sweet loose Italian, hot loose Italian, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sausage-Stuffed Zucchini Boats | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 4 medium zucchini, cut in half lengthwise; 1 tablespoon olive oil; 8 ounces sweet loose Italian sausage; 8 ounces hot loose Italian sausage; 1 clove garlic, minced; 1 small onion, chopped; 2 medium vine-ripened tomatoes, chopped; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1/2 cup Parmesan, finely grated; 1/2 cup mozzarella, shaved; 1/4 cup breadcrumbs; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. With a teaspoon, scoop out the flesh from the interior of the zucchini, so they resemble boats. Place the zucchini boats in a 9-by-13-inch casserole dish. Chop the zucchini flesh and set aside. In a medium saute pan over medium-high heat, add the olive oil and let heat through. Add the sweet and the hot Italian sausage, and cook for 4 minutes. Add the garlic, onion, chopped zucchini flesh, tomatoes and some salt and pepper. Cook until softened, about 4 minutes. In a medium bowl, add the Parmesan, mozzarella, breadcrumbs and pars <END>
INPUT: biscuits, all purpose flour, baking powder, kosher salt, buttermilk
OUTPUT: TITLE: Buttermilk Cheddar Biscuits | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups all-purpose flour, plus more as needed; 1 tablespoon baking powder; 1 1/2 teaspoons kosher salt; 12 tablespoons (1 1/2 sticks) cold unsalted butter, diced; 1/2 cup cold buttermilk, shaken; 1 cold extra-large egg; 1 cup grated extra-sharp Cheddar; 1 egg, beaten with 1 tablespoon water or milk; Maldon sea salt, optional | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Place 2 cups of flour, the baking powder, and salt in the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment. With the mixer on low, add the butter and mix until the butter is the size of peas. Combine the buttermilk and egg in a small measuring cup and beat lightly with a fork. With the mixer still on low, quickly add the buttermilk mixture to the flour mixture and mix only until moistened. In a small bowl, mix the Cheddar with small handful of flour and, with the mixer still on low, add the cheese to the dough. Mix on <END>
INPUT: Italian, ravioli, unsalted butter, apple cider, cinnamon, star anise, peppercorns
OUTPUT: TITLE: Crispy Fig and Gorgonzola Ravioli | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, room temperature; 1 1/2 cups apple cider; 1 cinnamon stick; 2 star anise; 1/4 teaspoon black peppercorns; 1/8 teaspoon fine salt; 20 wonton wrappers; 10 dried figs, stemmed and halved lengthwise; 1/2 cup crumbled Gorgonzola; 1/4 cup chopped toasted walnuts; 1 large egg, beaten; Grapeseed oil, for frying | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Melt the butter in a small saucepan over medium heat, stirring occasionally, until the butter begins to brown and smells nutty, about 8 minutes. Add the apple cider, cinnamon, star anise, peppercorns and salt; bring to a simmer and cook until the liquid has reduced to 2/3 cup, about 20 minutes. Strain and keep warm. Lay a wonton wrapper on a work surface (Keep the remaining wrappers under a damp towel to prevent them from drying out.) Place two fig halves, a few crumbles of Gorgonzola and a sprinkling of nuts just off center on the wonton. Brush the edges of the  <END>
INPUT: tiny, minted, wine vinegar, sugar, mint leaves, single New Zealand, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tiny Rib Lamb Chops with Minted Vinegar Dipping Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/3 cup white-wine vinegar; 1/4 cup sugar; 1/4 cup plus 1 teaspoon minced fresh mint leaves; 12 single New Zealand baby rib lamb chops, wholly frenched to the eye (about 2 pound); 1 garlic clove, halved crosswise; 1/2 teaspoon crumbled dried thyme; White pepper to taste | INSTRUCTIONS: Make the dipping sauce: In a small saucepan combine the vinegar and the sugar and cook the mixture over moderate heat, stirring, until the sugar is dissolved. Stir in the mint and let the sauce cool. Season the sauce with salt and pepper and transfer it to a small bowl. Pat the chops dry, rub them with the cut sides of the garlic, and sprinkle both sides of the chops with the thyme and the white pepper. Grill the chops in a well-oiled ridged grill pan over moderately high het for 1 minutes to 1 1/2 minutes, depending on the thickness of the chops, on each side for rare meat. (Alternatively, th <END>
INPUT: Mexican, sauce, tomatillos, garlic, Anaheim chile, onion, jalapeno chile
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tomatillo Sauce | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound tomatillos, husked and rinsed; 3 cloves garlic, unpeeled; 1 Anaheim chile, seeded, deveined; 1 white onion, quartered; 1/2 jalapeno chile, seeded, deveined; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1 1/2 teaspoons salt, plus more for sprinkling; 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, plus more for sprinkling; Juice from 1/2 lime | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Place the tomatillos, garlic, Anaheim chile, onions and jalapeno on a baking sheet. Toss the vegetables with the oil, salt and pepper. Roast the vegetables until the tomatillos turn a dark-green color and the onions golden brown, about 30 minutes. Let the vegetables cool slightly. Peel the garlic and transfer all the ingredients to a blender. Blend until smooth, about 1 minute. Add the lime juice and sprinkle with more salt and pepper. The tomatillo sauce can be made 1 day ahead, covered and chilled. <END>
INPUT: toasts, Kosher salt, mayonnaise, crème fraîche, lemon juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lobster Toasts With Avocado and Espelette Pepper | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Kosher salt; One (1 1/2-pound) live lobster or 8 ounces pre-cooked lobster meat; 3 tablespoons mayonnaise; 1 tablespoon crème fraîche; 2 teaspoons lemon juice, divided; 1/2 teaspoon finely grated lemon zest; 1 teaspoon finely chopped tarragon, plus more (for sprinkling); 1 teaspoon finely sliced chives; 1 Hass avocado; Six (1/2-inch thick) slices brioche (4 ounces), crusts removed; Piment d'Espelette or cayenne pepper (for sprinkling) | INSTRUCTIONS: If using live lobster, bring a large pot of generously salted water to a boil and prepare a large bowl of ice water. Add lobster to boiling water, cover, and cook for 9 minutes, until shell is bright red all over. Drain and transfer lobster to ice water to cool. Remove meat from claws, knuckles, and tail; pat lobster meat dry with paper towels and cut into 1/4" pieces. Combine mayonnaise, crème fraîche, 1 tsp. lemon juice, lemon zest, 1 tsp. tarragon, and chives in a medium bowl. Fold in lobster meat and season with salt. Mash avocado in a small bowl with remaining 1 tsp. lemon juice and seaso <END>
INPUT: tini, lime, gin, vermouth, drops favorite chili
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chili-tini | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 lime, juiced; 5 ounces gin; 1 ounce dry vermouth; 15 drops favorite chili or hot sauce | INSTRUCTIONS: Brush 5 martini glasses with half lime juice and freeze. Shake the gin and vermouth with ice in a shaker. Get glasses out of freezer or empty ice out of glasses. Pour a few drops of hot sauce into the bottom of each martini glass. Pour gin mixture into the glasses. Stir very lightly and serve. <END>
INPUT: remoulade, hard boiled eggs, English style mustard, anchovy paste, Worcestershire sauce, hot sauce
OUTPUT: TITLE: Remoulade Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 hard-boiled large eggs, the yolks mashed and the whites minced; 1 teaspoon English-style dry mustard; 1 teaspoon anchovy paste; 1 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce; 1/8 teaspoon hot sauce, or to taste; 1 cup mayonnaise; 2 tablespoons minced celery; 2 tablespoons fresh parsley leaves; 2 tablespoons minced green bell pepper; 2 garlic cloves, minced; 1 teaspoon celery seeds | INSTRUCTIONS: In a bowl stir together the yolks, the mustard, the anchovy paste, the Worcestershire sauce, the hot sauce, the mayonnaise, the celery, the parsley, the bell pepper, the garlic, and the celery seeds until the mixture is combined well and stir in the egg whites and salt and pepper to taste. Serve the sauce with boiled shrimp. Makes 1 3/4 cup.; <END>
INPUT: salad, hearts romaine, bulb fennel, onion, Several flat leaf, Balsamic vinegar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Romaine and Fennel Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 hearts of romaine, torn or rough cut; 1 large bulb of fennel, trimmed of fronds and tops; 1/4 red onion, peeled and thinly sliced; Several sprigs flat-leaf parsley; Balsamic vinegar; Extra-virgin olive oil; Coarse salt and black pepper; Asiago or Parmigiano Reggiano, shaved for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Place chopped or torn romaine in a large salad bowl. Cut fennel bulb down the center, then again, quartering it. Remove the core with angled cuts on each quarter bulb. Thinly slice quarter bulbs across and add to salad bowl. Combine romaine and fennel with parsley sprigs and red onion. Place one fingertip over the top of balsamic vinegar to control the pour and splash a few tablespoons into the bowl. Drizzle the salad generously with extra-virgin olive oil and toss lightly to coat salad evenly with vinegar and oil. Season with salt and pepper, to taste, and top salads with curls of Asiago or P <END>
INPUT: curried, sandwiches, mayonnaise, sour cream, cilantro leaves, curry powder, mango
OUTPUT: TITLE: Curried Chicken and Mango Sandwiches | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup mayonnaise; 1 tablespoon sour cream; 1 1/2 teaspoons chopped fresh cilantro leaves; 1 teaspoon curry powder; 1/2 firm-ripe mango; 2 skinless boneless chicken breast halves (about 3/4 pound total); 1 teaspoon olive oil; a 7-inch length soft Italian bread such as ciabatta; 4 small soft-leafed lettuce leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: In a bowl stir together mayonnaise, sour cream, cilantro, curry powder, and salt and pepper to taste until combined well. Peel mango and thinly slice lengthwise. Pat chicken dry and season with salt and pepper. In a 9-inch nonstick skillet heat oil over moderately high heat until hot but not smoking and sauté chicken 4 minutes on each side, or until cooked through. Transfer chicken to a cutting board and let stand 5 minutes. Diagonally slice chicken and season with salt and pepper. Horizontally halve bread with a serrated knife and spread cut sides with mayonnaise mixture. On 1 bread half stac <END>
INPUT: Mexican, santa, purchased fully pizza, sharp cheddar cheese, roast chicken, cumin, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Santa Fe Pizza | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 10-ounce purchased fully baked thin pizza crust; 1 3/4 cups grated sharp cheddar cheese; 2 cups roast chicken strips; 1/2 teaspoon ground cumin; 1/2 cup thinly sliced red onion; 6 tablespoons frozen corn kernels, thawed, drained; 6 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro; 2 large jalapeño chilies, cut into thin rounds, seeded; 2/3 cup drained purchased refrigerated fresh salsa | INSTRUCTIONS: Position rack in center of oven and preheat to 425°F. Place crust on rimless baking sheet. Leaving 3/4-inch plain border, sprinkle 1 cup cheese, chicken strips and cumin over crust. Top with onion, 4 tablespoons corn, 4 tablespoons cilantro, 3/4 cup cheese, jalapeños and 2 tablespoons corn. Bake pizza until crust is crisp and topping is heated through, about 13 minutes. Top with salsa and remaining 2 tablespoons cilantro. Position rack in center of oven and preheat to 425°F. Place crust on rimless baking sheet. Leaving 3/4-inch plain border, sprinkle 1 cup cheese, chicken strips and cumin over <END>
INPUT: American, dough, all purpose flour, kosher salt, apple cider vinegar
OUTPUT: TITLE: All-Butter Pie Dough | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 1/2 cups all-purpose flour; 1 teaspoon kosher salt; 1 cup (2 sticks) chilled unsalted butter, cut into pieces; 2 tablespoons apple cider vinegar | INSTRUCTIONS: Pulse flour and salt in a food processor to combine. Pulse in butter until mixture resembles coarse meal with pieces of butter still visible, about 20 pulses. Combine vinegar and 1/2 cup ice water in a measuring cup. Pulsing, drizzle in vinegar mixture; pulse until dough just holds together when squeezed (it should still be crumbly), about 10 pulses. Turn out dough and divide in half. Place each half on a sheet of plastic wrap and use plastic to press into disks. Wrap and chill until firm, about 2 hours. Do ahead: Dough can be chilled 3 days ahead. Or, freeze up to 2 months. Pulse flour and sa <END>
INPUT: tree, container creamy frosting, jelly candy mint, jelly beans
OUTPUT: TITLE: Doughnut Tree | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 container creamy white frosting; 2 (13-ounce) boxes mini powdered sugar doughnuts or donut holes (recommended: Hostess); Green jelly candy mint leaves; Blue jelly beans | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Special equipment: styrofoam cone and toothpicks Fill a zip top bag with icing. Snip a small corner of the bag to make a piping bag. Place the styrofoam cone on a plate and frost with icing. Starting at the base and working up, secure mini doughnuts to the cone with toothpicks. Using the piping bag fill in the gaps between doughnuts with icing. In the larger gaps between the doughnuts, place candy mint leaves secured with toothpicks and blue jelly beans. <END>
INPUT: squares, boxes cake mix, butter, whipping cream, sugar, mixed berries
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pound Cake Squares with Berries | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 boxes pound cake mix; 6 tablespoons butter, melted; 3 cups whipping cream; 1 cup sugar; 2 cups mixed berries (we used strawberries, raspberries, and blueberries) | INSTRUCTIONS: Bake each pound cake in a loaf pan according to package directions. Allow to cool. Using a large serrated knife, trim crust off all sides of cake to make an even rectangle. Slice the rectangle in half lengthwise, then cut each piece in half lengthwise. Cut each long section crosswise three times to make 16 small squares. Repeat with second loaf. Using a small serrated knife, cut a square from the center of each cube, leaving a 1/2-inch wall around the edges. Remove the cut sections carefully, making sure to leave enough cake on the bottom to hold the filling. Place the squares on an unlined ba <END>
INPUT: stewed, applewood smoked bacon, onion, beans, high quality chicken, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Grouper and Stewed White Beans with Arugula and Tomatoes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 8 ounces applewood-smoked bacon strips; 1 small yellow onion, diced; 3 pounds dried white beans; 1/4 cup high-quality chicken stock or broth; 3 tablespoon salt; 3 tablespoon black pepper; 1 cup diced tomatoes; 2 cups arugula; Three to four fresh 6-ounce grouper fillets or like fish; 1 to 2 tablespoons olive oil; Sea salt and pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: For the beans with arugula and tomatoes: Slice the bacon strips into 4 even pieces and cook in a large stock pot over medium-high heat until brown and starting to get crispy. Add the onion and stir, making sure to scrape the bottom of pot. Cook until the onion is soft, about 5 minutes. Add the beans, chicken stock, 8 cups of water, salt and pepper. Bring to a boil, then lower the heat to medium-low and simmer. Stir the beans frequently and check the water level: If they start looking dry add a little more water. When the beans no longer float, after about an hour, reduce the heat to low. Conti <END>
INPUT: Italian, grenadine, spaghetti, egg yolk, egg, heavy cream, parsley
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grenadine of Veal with Cream of Watercress, Spaghetti of Carrots | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 (3 ounce) chicken breast; 1 egg yolk; 1 whole egg; 1/4 cup heavy cream; 1 bunch parsley; Salt and pepper to taste; 4 (6 ounce) veal medallions; 4 thinly sliced pieces of prosciutto; 2 bunches watercress; 1/2 cup heavy cream; Salt and pepper to taste; 2 large carrots; 1 teaspoon butter; Salt and pepper to taste; 1 cup veal stock | INSTRUCTIONS: Prepare the mousse: Place chicken in a food processor with egg yolk, whole egg and cream. Puree until smooth. Add parsley, salt and pepper and pulse until parsley is incorporated. Mousse should not be too uniformly green but speckled with parsley. Place a piece of plastic wrap on a work surface. Put 1/8 of the mousse mixture in a circle the diameter of the medallion on the plastic wrap. Place medallion on top of the mousse. Spread the top of the medallion with another 1/8 mousse mixture. Wrap a piece of prosciutto around the outside of the medallion. Pull the plastic wrap up around the whole m <END>
INPUT: Indian, garlic, chunk, Kosher salt pepper, vegetable oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken Curry | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 5 cloves garlic; One 3-inch chunk peeled, fresh ginger; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1/4 cup vegetable oil; 1/4 heaping teaspoon whole cloves; 10 green cardamom pods; 8 whole allspice; 1 cinnamon stick, broken in half; 1 bay leaf; 1 medium yellow onion; 2 teaspoons Madras-style curry powder; 1/2 jalapeno, or more to taste; 3 pounds mixed skinless, bone-in chicken thighs and drumsticks (separated); 1/2 cup whole, peeled, canned tomatoes (with puree), roughly chopped; 2 cups cold water | INSTRUCTIONS: In a small food processor (mini-chopper), combine the garlic and ginger and puree to a paste. Heat the oil in a stew pot or Dutch Oven over medium-high heat. Add the cloves, cardamom, allspice, cinnamon stick, and bay leaf and cook, stirring constantly, until dark and fragrant and the cinnamon stick unfurls, about 30 seconds. Add the onion and cook, stirring, until lightly browned, about 3 minutes. Add the garlic-ginger paste, curry powder, and jalapeno and cook, stirring, until lightly browned and fragrant, about 1 minute. Season the chicken with salt and pepper. Add the tomato and chicken an <END>
INPUT: Asian, cheesecake, graham crackers, sugar, crystallized ginger, heavy whipping cream
OUTPUT: TITLE: Ginger and Pink Grapefruit Cheesecake | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 20 whole graham crackers, coarsely broken; 6 tablespoons sugar; 1/2 cup (1 stick) chilled unsalted butter, cut into 1/2-inch cubes; 3 tablespoons finely chopped crystallized ginger; 1 1/3 cups heavy whipping cream; 1 (1-inch-long) piece fresh ginger, peeled, cut into very thin rounds; 1 cup ginger preserves; 1 tablespoon water; 4 (8-ounce) packages cream cheese, room temperature; 1 1/4 cups sugar; 1 tablespoon ground ginger; 2 1/2 teaspoons vanilla extract; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 4 large eggs; 2 large pink or ruby grapefruits | INSTRUCTIONS: For crust: Position rack in center of oven and preheat to 350°F. Butter 9-inch springform pan with 2 3/4-inch-high sides. Blend graham crackers and sugar in processor to coarse crumbs. Add 1/2 cup butter. Blend until crumbs hold together; press onto bottom and up sides of prepared pan. Bake crust until beginning to color, about 15 minutes; sprinkle with chopped ginger. Cool. Reduce oven temperature to 325°F. Stack 3 long sheets of 18-inch-wide foil on work surface. Place cake pan in center. Fold foil snugly up sides of pan. Position rack in center of oven and preheat to 350°F. Butter 9-inch sp <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, tzatziki, fennel bulb fennel, milk greek style, mint, balsamic vinegar, virgin olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Crispy Tilapia Fillets with Fennel-Mint Tzatziki | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup finely diced fennel bulb plus 1 tablespoon chopped fennel fronds; 3/4 cup whole-milk greek-style yogurt; 1 1/2 tablespoons chopped fresh mint; 1 teaspoon white balsamic vinegar; 4 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, divided; 4 large tilapia fillets; 1 teaspoon fennel seeds, finely ground; 1 large egg white, beaten until frothy; 2 cups (about) panko (japanese breadcrumbs) or fresh breadcrumbs | INSTRUCTIONS: Place fennel bulb and fronds in small bowl. Sprinkle lightly with salt; toss. Let stand 10 minutes. Mix in yogurt, mint, vinegar, and 1 tablespoon oil. Season with salt and pepper. Sprinkle 1 side of each fillet with ground fennel, salt, and pepper. Brush with egg white; coat with panko. Turn over; repeat with seasoning, egg, and panko. Heat 3 tablespoons oil in large nonstick skillet over medium-high heat. Add fish. Cook until opaque in center, about 2 minutes per side. Serve with tzatziki. Place fennel bulb and fronds in small bowl. Sprinkle lightly with salt; toss. Let stand 10 minutes. Mix <END>
INPUT: Asian, sugar, ginger, water, milk, eggs
OUTPUT: TITLE: Ginger Custard | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup sugar; 1/4 cup finely chopped fresh ginger (left unpeeled; 1 1/8 ounces); 1/4 cup water; 1 3/4 cups whole milk; 2 whole large eggs; 2 large egg yolks; Special equipment: 6 (5- to 6-ounce) ramekins or custard cups | INSTRUCTIONS: Put oven rack in middle position and preheat oven to 325°F. Bring sugar, ginger, and water to a boil in a 1-quart heavy saucepan, stirring until sugar is dissolved. Add milk, then return just to a boil and remove from heat. Let stand, covered, 15 minutes. Whisk together whole eggs, yolks, and a pinch of salt in a bowl, then gently whisk in hot milk mixture. Pour through a sieve into another bowl, pressing on and then discarding solids. Divide custard among ramekins and cover each tightly with foil. Bake in a water bath until set around edges but with centers still wobbly, 35 to 40 minutes. Tra <END>
INPUT: chocolate, dipped, granulated sugar, vanilla bean paste, eggs, all purpose flour
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate Dipped Banana Cupcakes with Banana Buttercream | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cups granulated sugar; 3/4 cup (1 1/2 sticks) unsalted butter; 1 teaspoon vanilla bean paste; 3 eggs; 2 1/2 cups all-purpose flour; 1 teaspoon baking powder; 1/2 teaspoon baking soda; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1 cup mashed ripe bananas; 3/4 cup buttermilk; 1 cup unsweetened cocoa powder; 2 3/4 cups all-purpose flour; 2 teaspoons baking soda; 1/2 teaspoon baking powder; 1/2 teaspoon salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line cupcake pans with cupcake liners (for a total of 44 cupcakes). For the banana cake batter: In a large bowl, mix together the sugar, butter, vanilla and eggs. In another bowl, sift together the flour, baking powder, baking soda and salt. Add the flour mixture to the butter mixture. Add the bananas and buttermilk and beat together well. For the dark chocolate cake batter: Put the cocoa in a medium heatproof bowl, pour 2 cups boiling water over it and whisk until smooth. Let the mixture cool. Sift together the flour, baking soda, baking powder and salt in a <END>
INPUT: asparagus, tarragon leaves, pepper, garlic salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Marinated Asparagus Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 bunch asparagus, trimmed and cooked, or 1 1/2 (15-ounce) cans whole green asparagus spears; 1/2 teaspoon dried tarragon leaves; Black pepper; 1/2 teaspoon garlic salt; 1 (0.7-ounce) package Italian salad dressing mix, prepared according to package directions; 1/4 cup tarragon vinegar; Lettuce leaves; Mayonnaise | INSTRUCTIONS: Drain the asparagus and layer it in a shallow glass dish. Sprinkle each layer with some crumbled tarragon, pepper, to taste, and garlic salt. Pour the salad dressing and vinegar over the asparagus, cover, and refrigerate overnight. Serve chilled asparagus on lettuce leaves, topped with a dollop of mayonnaise flavored with a little of the dressing. <END>
INPUT: butter, honey, cinnamon, vanilla extract
OUTPUT: TITLE: Honey Butter | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound butter; 1/4 cups honey; 1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: Dough scraper Standing Mixer Parchment paper or plastic wrap Cut the butter into chunks using the dough scraper. Place butter into the mixer?s work bowl and beat at low speed, using the whisk attachment to loosen the butter. Increase the speed to medium and add the honey, cinnamon, and vanilla extract and beat until well combined, about 5 to 7 minutes. Remove butter from bowl and spoon onto parchment paper or plastic wrap. Roll into a log and refrigerate for 2 hours. <END>
INPUT: corned beef, garlic, peppercorns, thyme, bay leaves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Corned Beef and Cabbage | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 5 pounds corned beef; 5 garlic cloves, lightly smashed; 10 peppercorns; 4 sprigs fresh thyme; 2 bay leaves; 12 ounces stout (recommended: Guinness); 1 cup beef broth or stock; Water, for simmering; 4 yellow onions, cut into wedges, plus 1 medium yellow or sweet onion, sliced; 2 parsnips, peeled and cut into large chunks; 3 carrots, peeled and cut into large chunks; 6 medium red potatoes, scrubbed; 1 medium head green cabbage, cut into quarters, core removed; 4 tablespoons butter | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Rinse the corned beef and put it into a large Dutch oven or heavy soup pot. Make a bouquet garni with the garlic, peppercorns, thyme and bay leaves and add to the pot. Stir in the stout, stock and enough water to cover the beef by 2 inches. Bring to a boil over medium heat, then reduce the heat to a gentle simmer and cook for 4 hours, covered, stirring occasionally. After 4 hours, add the onion wedges, parsnips, and carrots, and cook for a 1/2 hour. Add the potatoes and the cabbage wedges and continue cooking until the cabbage is tender, but not limp, about 20 mi <END>
INPUT: chicken, Kosher salt pepper, buttermilk, hot sauce, bay leaf
OUTPUT: TITLE: Classic Fried Chicken | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 3-pound chicken, cut into 10 pieces, or 3 pounds chicken pieces; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 quart buttermilk; 2 teaspoons hot sauce; 1 bay leaf; 3 cloves garlic, smashed; 3 sprigs thyme; 3 cups all-purpose flour; 1 tablespoon baking powder; 1 tablespoon sweet paprika; 1 tablespoon onion powder; 3/4 teaspoon cayenne pepper; Peanut or vegetable oil, for frying; Vegetable shortening, for frying | INSTRUCTIONS: Season the chicken generously with salt and black pepper; place on a baking sheet, cover loosely with plastic wrap and refrigerate 1 hour. Mix the buttermilk, hot sauce, bay leaf, garlic and thyme in a large resealable plastic bag. Add the chicken, making sure the pieces are submerged. Seal and refrigerate 2 to 4 hours. Mix the flour, baking powder, paprika, onion powder, cayenne, 3 1/2 teaspoons salt and 1 1/2 teaspoons black pepper in a separate resealable bag. Fill a deep 12-inch cast-iron skillet halfway with equal parts peanut oil and shortening. Heat over medium heat until a deep-fry the <END>
INPUT: buck, ice cubes, lemon lime juice, twist lemon lime, gin, Ginger ale
OUTPUT: TITLE: Gin Buck | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 or 4 ice cubes; 2 tablespoons lemon or lime juice; Large twist lemon or lime peel; 2-3 ounces gin; Ginger ale | INSTRUCTIONS: Put the ice cubes in a 10-ounce highball glass, add the lemon or lime juice, peel and gin. Fill up with ginger ale and stir gently. Put the ice cubes in a 10-ounce highball glass, add the lemon or lime juice, peel and gin. Fill up with ginger ale and stir gently. <END>
INPUT: bruschetta, Mission figs, boiling water, wine, sugar, bay leaf
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fig and Onion Bruschetta | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup dried black Mission figs, stemmed, halved; 1 cup boiling water; 3/4 cup dry red wine; 2 tablespoons sugar; 1 small bay leaf; 1/8 teaspoon coarse kosher salt; 1 teaspoon red wine vinegar; 1 1/2 teaspoons butter; 1 1/2 teaspoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1 medium red onion, halved through core, cut lengthwise into 1/2-inch-thick strips; 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar; 1/2 teaspoon sugar; Coarse kosher salt; 1 cup fresh ricotta cheese; 1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil plus additional for drizzling | INSTRUCTIONS: For figs: Place figs in small bowl. Pour 1 cup boiling water over; let soak 45 minutes. Drain figs; place in small saucepan. Add wine and next 3 ingredients; bring to boil, stirring to dissolve sugar. Reduce heat to medium. Simmer until figs are tender and liquid is syrupy, stirring occasionally, about 20 minutes. Add vinegar; cook 1 minute longer. Remove pan from heat; cool. Place figs in small bowl. Pour 1 cup boiling water over; let soak 45 minutes. Drain figs; place in small saucepan. Add wine and next 3 ingredients; bring to boil, stirring to dissolve sugar. Reduce heat to medium. Simmer  <END>
INPUT: cakes, sauce, milk, water, bay leaf, cayenne pepper, Kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Polenta Cakes with Quick Sausage Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup milk; 2 cups water; 1 bay leaf; Pinch cayenne pepper; Kosher salt; 1 cup polenta; 4 fresh sage leaves, finely chopped; 1/4 cup mascarpone; 4 tablespoons grated Parmigiano-Reggiano, plus more for serving; Half recipe Italian Sausage, recipe follows; 1/2 onion, peeled and diced; 1/2 fennel bulb, diced; 1 celery rib, diced; 1 clove garlic; Kosher salt | INSTRUCTIONS: For the polenta cakes: In a saucepan, combine the milk, water, bay, and cayenne. Bring the mixture to a boil over low heat and season generously with salt. Take the seasoning to the edge of too salty. To do this you must taste as you go. Polenta acts as a salt eraser, if you don't season abundantly here you will never recover from it. Once the liquid is at a boil and is seasoned appropriately, sprinkle in the polenta, whisking constantly. Once the polenta is combined, switch over to a wooden spoon and stir frequently until the polenta has become thick. Taste the polenta to see if it has cooked <END>
INPUT: French, open, faced, bacon, leftover cranberry relish, mayonnaise, grain Dijon mustard, crumbled leftover cornbread
OUTPUT: TITLE: Open-Faced Waffle Cornbread Stuffing Sandwiches with Turkey, Brie and Bacon | CUISINE: French | INGREDIENTS: 6 slices bacon; 1 cup leftover cranberry relish; 2 tablespoons mayonnaise; 2 tablespoons whole-grain Dijon mustard; 4 cups crumbled leftover cornbread stuffing; 2 large eggs; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh parsley; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh sage; 1/2 cup chicken broth, preferably low-sodium; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; Nonstick cooking spray; 16 thin slices Brie; 1 cup chicken broth (preferably low-sodium); About 1 pound sliced leftover roast turkey; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Special equipment: a waffle maker For the bacon: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Put the bacon on a baking sheet and roast until crisp, about 15 minutes. Set aside. Reduce the oven temperature to 350 degrees F. For the cranberry Dijon mayo: Whisk the cranberry relish together with the mayonnaise and mustard in a medium bowl. Cover and refrigerate until ready to serve. For the cornbread waffles: Preheat a waffle maker. Put a rack on a baking sheet. In a large bowl, stir together the leftover stuffing, eggs, parsley and sage. Add 1/4 cup of the chicken broth and <END>
INPUT: strawberry, rolls, crystal decorating sugar, cornstarch, lychees, strawberries, cinnamon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Strawberry-Lychee Spring Rolls | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons crystal decorating sugar or regular sugar; 1 tablespoon cornstarch; 8 canned lychees, drained and quartered lengthwise; 8 large ripe strawberries, hulled and quartered; 1 tablespoon ground cinnamon; Twelve 6-inch square spring roll wrappers; 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted; Ice cream, your favorite flavor, for serving | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper. Toss 1 tablespoon of the sugar and the cornstarch with the lychees and strawberries in a large bowl until combined. Mix together the remaining 2 tablespoons sugar and the cinnamon in a small bowl. Lay a spring roll wrapper on a work surface with a corner pointing toward you and brush the surface lightly with melted butter. Put 1 heaping tablespoon of the lychee mixture into the center of the wrapper. Bring the two side corners together so they meet over the filling. Bring the bottom corner up over the filling and roll <END>
INPUT: Mexican, game, time, olive oil, garlic, celery, bell peppers, jalapeno
OUTPUT: TITLE: Game Time Chili Dogs | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon olive oil; 3 cloves garlic, minced; 2 stalks celery, diced; 1 to 2 bell peppers, diced; 1 jalapeno, seeded and diced; 1 medium onion, diced; 2 tablespoons chili powder; 1 teaspoon ground cumin; 1/4 teaspoon salt; Two 14 1/2-ounce cans petite cut diced tomatoes; One 15 1/2-ounce can red kidney beans; One 15-ounce can pinto beans; 1 pound ground chicken; 8 hot dogs (Bobby likes the ones from The Meat Hook in NYC, but any good-quality hot dogs will work); 8 whole wheat hot dog buns | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Heat the oil in large nonstick saucepan over medium-high heat. Add the garlic, celery, bell peppers, jalapeno, onions, chili powder, cumin and salt. Cook, stirring occasionally, until the vegetables are tender, about 8 minutes. Add the tomatoes and beans and bring to a boil. Add the ground chicken. Reduce the heat and simmer, covered, stirring occasionally, until the flavors are blended and the chili begin to thicken, about 1 hour. Bring a pot of water to a low boil. Add the dogs and cook for 10 minutes. Remove from the heat and place each hot dog in a bun. Top w <END>
INPUT: southwest, salad, long grain rice, lemon juice, olive oil, corn kernels, poblano chiles bell
OUTPUT: TITLE: Southwest Rice and Corn Salad with Lemon Dressing | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup long-grain white rice; 1/4 cup fresh lemon juice; 4 tablespoons olive oil, divided; 1 1/2 cups fresh corn kernels (cut from 2 ears) or frozen corn kernels, thawed; 1 cup chopped fresh poblano chiles or green bell pepper; 1 cup diced seeded yellow bell pepper; 1 cup 1/2-inch cubes yellow zucchini; 1 avocado, halved, peeled, diced; 1/2 cup thinly sliced green onions; 1/2 cup chopped fresh cilantro | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook rice until just tender, 12 to 15 minutes. Drain and rinse in cold water. Drain again. Meanwhile, whisk lemon juice and 3 tablespoons oil in small bowl. Season dressing to taste with salt and pepper. Heat 1 tablespoon oil in large nonstick skillet over medium heat. Add corn, poblanos, yellow bell pepper, and zucchini. Sprinkle with salt and pepper. Sauté until vegetables are just tender, 6 to 7 minutes; scrape into large bowl. Add rice, avocado, green onions, cilantro, and dressing; toss to coat. Season with salt and pepper. Cook rice until just tender, 12 to 15 minutes. Drain and rinse in <END>
INPUT: coleslaw mix, dill, wine vinegar, sugar, mayonnaise
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roast Beef Wraps With Dill Slaw | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 cups shredded coleslaw mix; 1/4 cup chopped fresh dill; 1 tablespoon white wine vinegar; 1/4 teaspoon sugar; 1/4 cup mayonnaise; 2 tablespoons sour cream; 2 tablespoons horseradish, drained; Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper; 1/4 pound sliced dill-flavored havarti cheese; 1/2 pound deli-sliced roast beef; 4 whole-wheat wraps; Vegetable or potato chips, for serving (optional) | INSTRUCTIONS: Make the slaw: Toss the coleslaw mix, dill, vinegar, sugar, mayonnaise, sour cream, horseradish, 3/4 teaspoon salt, and pepper to taste in a bowl. Layer the cheese, roast beef and slaw in the center of the wraps. Fold in the sides, then roll up tightly. Cut in half and serve with chips, if desired. <END>
INPUT: Italian, Two beans, lasagna noodles, Tofu Ricotta, fire roasted tomatoes, tomato paste
OUTPUT: TITLE: Black Bean Lasagna | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: Two 15-ounce cans black beans, rinsed and drained; 8 ounces lasagna noodles; 1 recipe Tofu Ricotta, recipe follows; One 28-ounce can fire-roasted diced tomatoes; One 12-ounce can tomato paste; 1 tablespoon dried oregano leaves; 2 teaspoons salt, plus more for pasta; 1/2 teaspoon black pepper; 1/4 teaspoon garlic powder; 1 small onion, finely chopped; 1/4 cup raw cashews, finely ground; 14 ounces extra-firm tofu, drained and pressed (see Cook's Note); 1/4 cup nutritional yeast; 3 tablespoons olive oil; 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh basil, or 1 tablespoon dried basil | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. In a large saucepan, combine the tomatoes and their juices, tomato paste, garlic powder, salt, pepper, oregano, onions and black beans. Bring to a boil over medium-high heat, and then reduce the heat and simmer, uncovered, for about 30 minutes. Meanwhile, bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add the lasagna noodles and cook to al dente according to package directions. Drain the noodles well. Spread 1 cup of the prepared sauce in a 9- by 13- by 2-inch baking pan. Make three layers each of noodles, sauce and Tofu Ricotta. End with the sauce and make sur <END>
INPUT: peppered, sauce, whipping cream, soft goat cheese, cranberries, pepper, lamb shoulder chops
OUTPUT: TITLE: Peppered Lamb with Pine Nut Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup whipping cream; 3 ounces soft fresh goat cheese (such as Montrachet); 1/4 cup dried cranberries; Coarsely ground black pepper; 4 lamb shoulder chops (preferably O-bone; each about 8 ounces), trimmed; 1 tablespoon butter; 1/2 cup pine nuts, toasted; 2 tablespoons thinly sliced fresh basil | INSTRUCTIONS: Whisk cream, goat cheese and dried cranberries in heavy small saucepan over medium-low heat until cheese melts. Simmer until sauce is reduced to 1 1/4 cups, stirring occasionally, about 8 minutes. Season with salt and pepper. Cover and keep warm. (Can be made 2 hours ahead. Let stand at room temperature.) Press pepper onto both sides of lamb. Sprinkle lamb with salt. Melt butter in heavy large skillet over medium heat. Add lamb to skillet; cook to desired doneness, about 4 minutes per side for medium-rare. Transfer lamb to plates. Add pine nuts to sauce and rewarm if necessary. Stir in basil.  <END>
INPUT: mousse, hot water strong, eggs, vanilla, heavy cream
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate Mousse | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 (1-ounce) squares semisweet chocolate; 2 tablespoons hot water or strong black coffee; 5 eggs, separated; 1 1/2 teaspoons vanilla; 1 1/2 cups heavy cream; Chocolate curls | INSTRUCTIONS: Place chocolate and hot water in the top of a double boiler, set over simmering waster, and heat and stir until chocolate is melted. Lightly beat yolks, add a little hot mixture, then stir back into pan and heat and stir over simmering water 1-2 minutes until no raw taste of eggs remains. Off heat, mix in vanilla. Beat cream until very thick and glossy (it should almost form soft peaks)and fold into chocolate mixture. Beat egg whites until soft peaks form and fold in, a little at a time, until no flecks of white show. Spoon into a serving dish, cover and chill at least 12 hours. Scatter with c <END>
INPUT: Italian, salad, virgin olive oil, plum tomatoes, elbow macaroni, wine vinegar, basil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cannellini and Macaroni Salad with Grilled Tomatoes, Basil, and Olives | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1 pound plum tomatoes, halved lengthwise; 1 1/2 cups small elbow macaroni (about 6 ounces); 3 tablespoons red wine vinegar; 6 tablespoons chopped fresh basil; 1 garlic clove, minced; 1 15-ounce can cannellini (white kidney beans), rinsed, drained; 1/2 cup chopped red onion; 1/4 cup chopped pitted kalamata olives or other brine-cured olives; 1/3 cup chopped fresh Italian parsley | INSTRUCTIONS: Prepare barbecue (medium-high heat). Drizzle 1/2 tablespoon oil over cut side of tomatoes; sprinkle with salt and pepper. Grill tomatoes, cut side up, until skin begins to char, about 2 minutes; turn over and grill, cut side down, just until heated through, about 1 minute. Cool. Cut tomatoes into 1-inch pieces. Cook macaroni in large saucepan of boiling salted water until tender but still firm to bite, stirring occasionally. Drain well. Transfer macaroni to large bowl; cool. Mix in grilled tomatoes and any accumulated juices, 2 tablespoons vinegar, basil, and garlic. Season with salt and peppe <END>
INPUT: soup, split peas, smoked ham hocks, carrot, celery, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Split Pea with Ham Soup | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound green split peas, picked over, rinsed and drained; 2 large smoked ham hocks; 1 large carrot, roughly chopped; 1 stalk celery, roughly chopped; 1 large onion, roughly chopped; 10 sprigs fresh parsley; 4 sprigs fresh thyme; 1 bay leaf; 6 cups low-sodium chicken broth or stock, water or a combination of both; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; Simple Salad, for serving, recipe follows; 8 to 12 large handfuls prewashed baby mixed greens (about 1 pound); Extra-virgin olive oil; Vinegar (balsamic, white or red wine, or cider (just not white distilled); Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine the peas, hocks, carrots, celery and onions in a large soup pot or Dutch oven. Tie the parsley, thyme and bay leaf together with kitchen string. Add the herb bundle, stock and 1 teaspoon salt. Bring to a boil over high heat. Lower the heat to a simmer; cover and cook until the peas are tender, 50 minutes to 1 hour. Remove the pot from the heat, and remove the hocks to a bowl to cool. Remove the meat from the hocks, discarding the bones, fat and skin. Cut the meat into cubes. Remove the herb bundle from the soup and discard. Puree the soup with an immersion blender or in batches in a bl <END>
INPUT: Mexican, olive oil, onion, pepper, carrot, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chili on Rice | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 3 teaspoons olive oil; 1 medium onion, diced; 1/2 red pepper, diced; 1 large carrot, diced or shredded; 1 clove garlic, minced; 1/2 tablespoon chili powder; 1 teaspoon ground cumin; 1 (15-ounce) can whole or chopped tomatoes; 1 cup broth (vegetable, chicken, tomato juice or water); 1 (28-ounce) can black beans; 1 ear corn, kernels removed; Coarse salt and freshly ground black pepper; Perfect Microwaveable Rice, recipe follows; 2 cups long grain rice; 3 1/2 cups water or stock | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large pot, heat the olive oil over medium high heat. Add the onions, peppers, carrot, and garlic, cook stirring often, until vegetables are tender, about 5 minutes. Add chili powder and cumin, and cook 1 to 2 minutes more or until they smell delicious. Add the tomatoes, broth, black beans and corn to the pot with the vegetables. Bring to a boil, reduce to a simmer. Cook 10 to 20 minutes, until flavors are well combined. Taste and adjust seasonings with salt and pepper. Serve over rice. Place all ingredients in a large glass measuring or any microwave safe bowl. The rice expands during coo <END>
INPUT: vegetable oil, oyster mushrooms, cider vinegar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sautéed Oyster Mushrooms | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon vegetable oil; 1 pound small oyster mushrooms (any large ones cut into 1-inch pieces), stems trimmed; 2 teaspoons cider vinegar | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat oil in a large nonstick skillet over medium-high heat until hot. Sauté mushrooms with 1/2 teaspoon salt until golden, about 8 minutes. Add vinegar and sauté until evaporated, about 1 minute. Season with salt, then transfer to a plate to cool. Serve at room temperature. Heat oil in a large nonstick skillet over medium-high heat until hot. Sauté mushrooms with 1/2 teaspoon salt until golden, about 8 minutes. Add vinegar and sauté until evaporated, about 1 minute. Season with salt, then transfer to a plate to cool. Serve at room temperature. <END>
INPUT: seasoned, virgin olive oil, crab boil seasoning, Kosher salt pepper, lemon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Baguettes with Seasoned Butter | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 2 tablespoons crab boil seasoning (recommended: Old Bay); 1 cup (1/2-pound) unsalted butter, room temperature; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 lemon, zested; 4 pounds Portuguese linguica sausage, grilled; Baguettes | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat the olive oil over medium-low heat in small saucepan. Once the oil begins to warm, whisk in crab boil seasoning. Bring the mixture up to a simmer and when it starts to foam, remove from heat and allow it to cool completely. Process the butter in a food processor until smooth and creamy. Add the seasoned olive oil and a pinch of salt, the lemon zest, and process until blended well. Purchase your favorite baguettes, slice lengthwise. Place baguettes over medium heat on the grill, cook on each side until a golden brown color is achieved. Remove from grill, slather with seasoned butter, cut a <END>
INPUT: salmon fillet, orange marmalade, orange juice, Dijon mustard, ginger
OUTPUT: TITLE: Orange Glazed Salmon | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 pounds salmon fillet; 1/3 cup orange marmalade; 1/2 cup orange juice; 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard; 1 teaspoon ginger; 2 teaspoons salt free citrus-herb seasoning | INSTRUCTIONS: Rinse salmon fillet under cold water and pat dry with paper towels. Cut into 6 serving portions and place salmon fillets in a large zip-top bag; set aside. In a small bowl stir together remaining ingredients. Pour into zip-top bag. Squeeze air from bag and seal. Marinate in refrigerator for 1 to 2 hours. Remove salmon from refrigerator 30 minutes before cooking, and bring to room temperature. Light broiler and line baking sheet or broiler pan with aluminum foil. Remove salmon from marinade and place on baking sheet. Discard marinade. Broil salmon 6 to 8 inches from heat source for 6 to 8 minut <END>
INPUT: Indian, soup, olive oil, onion, carrots, celery, lentils
OUTPUT: TITLE: French Lentil Soup with Sausage | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons olive oil; 1 medium onion, finely chopped; 2 medium carrots, finely chopped; 1 celery rib, finely chopped; 1 1/4 cups lentils (preferably French green); 6 cups water; 1 1/2 teaspoons salt; 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 4 ounces smoked sausage, like kielbasa; 1 tablespoon balsamic vinegar, or to taste | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat 2 tablespoons oil in a 4-quart heavy pot over moderately high heat until hot but not smoking, then cook onion, stirring occasionally, until golden brown, about 6 minutes. Add carrots and celery and cook, stirring, until softened, about 5 minutes. Add lentils, water, salt, and pepper and bring to a boil, then reduce heat to moderate and cook, covered, until lentils are tender, about 30 minutes. While lentils are cooking, heat remaining tablespoon oil in a 10-inch nonstick skillet over high heat until hot but not smoking, then brown sausage on all sides, about 5 minutes. Cool sausage slight <END>
INPUT: American, empanadas, cream cheese, poblano chiles, Flour, egg
OUTPUT: TITLE: Poblano Cream Cheese Empanadas | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 4 ounces cream cheese, at room temperature; 2 poblano chiles, charred, peeled, stemmed, seeded and cut into 1/2-inch cubes; 1 (1-pound) package frozen puff pastry, thawed; Flour, for dusting; 1 large egg, beaten; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Spray a large baking sheet with cooking spray. In a medium bowl, combine the cream cheese and poblanos until well incorporated. Season the filling with salt and pepper. Unfold 1 sheet puff pastry on a lightly floured surface. Using a floured rolling pin, roll out to 1/4-inch thickness. Using a 5-inch diameter cutter, cut out 4 circles. Repeat with the remaining puff pastry sheet. Spoon 1 tablespoon cream cheese mixture in the center of each round. Brush the edge of each circle with egg wash and fold each empanada into a half moo <END>
INPUT: petal, cookies, sugar, light sugar, egg, egg yolk
OUTPUT: TITLE: Candied Rose Petal and Chocolate Cookies | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 12 tablespoons (1 1/2 sticks) unsalted butter; 1 cup sugar; 1/2 cup light brown sugar; 1 large egg; 1 egg yolk; 2 tablespoons heavy cream; 1/2 cup rose spread; 2 1/4 cups all-purpose flour; 1 teaspoon baking soda; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 2 cups finely chopped semisweet chocolate | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. Preheat the oven to 350°F. Line a cookie sheet with parchment paper. In a large microwave-safe bowl, melt butter, sugar, and brown sugar together in a microwave for 15 to 30 seconds on low power. Let the butter-sugar mixture cool just a bit then blend in the egg and egg yolk. Add the heavy cream and rose spread. Stir until just combined and set aside. Do not overmix. 2. In a medium bowl, sift together the flour, baking soda, and salt and carefully fold into the wet mixture. Gently add the chocolate, mixing it well. Freeze the dough just until cold and firm, about 5 minutes. 3. Using a 2-oun <END>
INPUT: Mexican, salsa, peaches, mango, onion, jalapeno, lime juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mango and Peach Salsa | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2 peaches, peeled and medium diced; 1 mango, peeled and medium diced; 1/2 cup chopped red onion; 1 jalapeno, seeded and finely chopped; 1 teaspoon fresh lime juice; 1 tablespoon vegetable oil; 1/4 cup chopped fresh cilantro; Salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Toss all the peaches, mango, onions, jalapeno, lime juice, oil and cilantro together in a large bowl. Season with salt and pepper and refrigerate at least 1 hour before serving. Cook's Note: If the fruit is under-ripe, toss with some lime juice and 1 tablespoon sugar. Set aside to macerate for 15 minutes before adding the other ingredients and refrigerating. <END>
INPUT: soused, sugar, granulated sugar, cider vinegar, water, cinnamon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Soused Prunes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup packed brown sugar; 1 cup granulated sugar; 1/2 cup cider vinegar; 2 cups water; 2 cinnamon sticks; 10 whole cloves; 1 teaspoon whole allspice; 2 tablespoons pure maple syrup; 1 small orange, sliced; 1 lemon, sliced; 1 pound large pitted prunes (about 45); 45 small pecan halves (about 1/8 cup); 6 tablespoons rum | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large heavy saucepan combine sugars, vinegar, water, and spices and boil, stirring, until sugars are dissolved. Add maple syrup, orange and lemon slices, and prunes and simmer, covered, until prunes are plump and very tender, about 25 minutes. Transfer prunes with a slotted spoon to a bowl and boil syrup until thickened and reduced to about 1 1/2 cups, 15 to 20 minutes. With a slotted spoon remove spices, orange, and lemon and discard. With a small knife cut a slit in side of each prune and stuff with a pecan half. Divide stuffed prunes among 3 clean 12-ounce jars and pour enough hot syru <END>
INPUT: Asian, shiitakes, Sherry, soy sauce, ginger, rice vinegar, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Shiitakes with Ginger and Scallions | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 tablespoons dry Sherry; 1 tablespoon soy sauce; 1 tablespoon minced peeled fresh ginger; 1 1/2 teaspoons rice vinegar (not seasoned); 1/2 teaspoon sugar; 2 1/2 tablespoons vegetable oil; 1 1/2 lb large fresh shiitake mushrooms (3 inches wide), stems cut off and discarded; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/2 teaspoon black pepper; 2 scallions, cut into very thin strips (2 inches long) | INSTRUCTIONS: Prepare grill for cooking over medium-hot charcoal (moderate heat for gas). (If using a charcoal grill, open vents on bottom of grill, then light charcoal. When Charcoal turns grayish white (about 15 minutes from lighting), hold your hand 5 inches above grill rack to determine heat for charcoal as follows: Hot: When you can hold your hand there for 1 to 2 seconds; Medium-hot: 3 to 4 seconds; Low: 5 to 6 seconds. If using a gas grill, preheat burners on high, covered, 10 minutes, then, if necessary, reduce to heat specified in recipe.) While coals are lighting, stir together Sherry, soy sauce,  <END>
INPUT: American, pumpkin, spiced, granulated sugar, pure vanilla extract, cinnamon, ginger, cardamom
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pumpkin Pie with Spiced Crust | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 cup granulated sugar; 1/2 teaspoon pure vanilla extract; 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1/2 teaspoon ground ginger; 1/2 teaspoon ground cardamom; 1/4 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg; 1/4 teaspoon ground allspice; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1 cup cold heavy cream; 1/4 cup packed light brown sugar; 1/2 teaspoon pure vanilla extract; 1/4 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1 cup heavy cream; 1 1/4 cups all-purpose flour, plus more for dusting; 1 tablespoon granulated sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: Make the crust: Pulse the flour, granulated sugar, salt, cinnamon, ginger, cardamom, nutmeg and allspice in a food processor to combine. Add the butter; pulse several times until it looks like coarse meal. Add the vinegar and 1/4 cup ice water; pulse a few more times until the dough comes together and forms a ball. Turn the dough out onto a piece of plastic wrap; press into a disk and wrap. Refrigerate until firm, at least 1 hour or overnight. Roll out the dough into a 12-inch round on a lightly floured surface. Ease into a 9-inch pie plate, pressing the dough into the bottom and up the side.  <END>
INPUT: meena, rolls, two packages, water, sugar, all purpose flour, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Meena's Cinnamon and Currant Rolls | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: two 1/4-ounce packages (5 teaspoons total) active dry yeast; 1/2 cup warm water (105°-115°F.); 1 cup plus 1 tablespoon sugar; 7 to 8 cups all-purpose flour; 1/2 teaspoons salt; 1/2 stick (1/4 cup) unsalted butter, melted and cooled; 3/4 cup milk, heated to lukewarm; 1/2 cup sour cream; 4 large eggs, beaten lightly; 1 cup dried currants or raisins; 1/2 cup sugar; 1 teaspoon cinnamon | INSTRUCTIONS: Make dough: In a small bowl combine yeast, water and 1 tablespoon sugar and let stand until foamy, about 5 minutes. In a large bowl whisk together remaining sugar, 4 cup flour, and salt and add yeast mixture, butter, milk, sour cream, and eggs, stirring until combined well. Stir in 3 cups flour and turn dough out onto a lightly floured surface. Knead dough 8 to 10 minutes, adding enough of the remaining cup flour to form a soft but slightly sticky dough. Form dough into a ball and transfer to a buttered bowl, turning to coat dough completely with butter. Let dough rise in warm place, covered w <END>
INPUT: American, leeks, unsalted butter, salmon fillet, dill leaves, lime zest
OUTPUT: TITLE: Salmon and Leek Pie | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 4 large leeks; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 2 1/4 pounds skinless boneless salmon fillet; 1/4 cup chopped fresh dill leaves; 1 teaspoon freshly grated lime zest; 1 1/2 teaspoons coarse salt; 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 1 large egg; 1 tablespoon water; a 17 1/4-ounce package frozen puff pastry sheets (thawed according to package instructions); Sour-Cream Chile Sauce | INSTRUCTIONS: Cut white and pale-green parts of leeks crosswise into 1/2-inch-thick slices. In a bowl of cold water wash leeks well and lift from water into a colander to drain. Pat leeks dry. In a large skillet cook leeks in butter over moderate heat, stirring, until tender, about 12 minutes, and cool. Cut salmon into roughly 3/4-inch pieces and in a bowl toss with leeks, dill, zest, salt, and pepper until combined well. In a small bowl whisk together egg and water to make an egg wash. On a lightly floured surface with a lightly floured rolling pin roll 1 puff pastry sheet into a 10-inch square and the oth <END>
INPUT: pudding, granulated sugar, cocoa powder, kosher salt, water, semisweet chocolate chips
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate Pudding with Almonds | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup granulated sugar; 1/3 cup plus 1 tablespoon cocoa powder; 1/4 teaspoon kosher salt; 1/2 cup warm water; 1/4 cup semisweet chocolate chips; 1 cup heavy cream; 1 1/4 cups whole milk, divided; 3 tablespoons cornstarch; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; 1 teaspoon dark rum; 1/2 cup heavy cream; 1 tablespoon powdered sugar; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; 4 tablespoons canola oil; 1/2 cup slivered almonds | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. In a large saucepan, combine the sugar, cocoa powder, salt and warm water. Whisk to blend and bring to a gentle simmer over medium heat. Remove from the heat and stir in the chocolate, 1 cup heavy cream and 1 cup of the milk. Stir to blend and bring the mixture back to a gentle simmer on low heat. Meanwhile, in a small bowl, combine the cornstarch and the remaining 1/4 cup of milk until the mixture is smooth. Stir the cornstarch into the simmering chocolate mixture and continue cooking it over low heat, stirring constantly with a wooden spoon, until the mixture t <END>
INPUT: olive oil, onion, quinoa, chicken stock, bay leaf
OUTPUT: TITLE: Quinoa with Toasted Hazelnuts and Dried Cranberries | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon olive oil; 1 small onion, finely chopped; 1 cup quinoa, rinsed well in cold water; 2 cups chicken stock; 1 bay leaf; 1 tablespoon cinnamon; 1/2 cup dried cranberries; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/2 teaspoon pepper; 1/2 cup sliced hazelnuts, sliced; 2 tablespoons butter | INSTRUCTIONS: In a small saucepan, heat the oil for 1 minute before adding the diced onion. Sweat the onion until it wilts, stir in the quinoa and toast the grains for 1 minute before adding the chicken stock. Bring the stock to the boil, lower the heat to a simmer, add the bay leaf, cinnamon, cranberries, salt and pepper and cook for 15 minutes until all the liquid is absorbed. At the end of the cooking time, stir in the nuts and butter, cover the pan and let sit for 5 minutes before serving.; <END>
INPUT: praline, dacquoise, shelled natural pistachio, sugar, cornstarch, egg whites, cream tartar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pistachio Praline Dacquoise | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2/3 cup shelled natural pistachio nuts; 3/4 cup plus 2 tablespoons sugar; 2 teaspoons cornstarch; 4 large egg whites; 1/4 teaspoon cream of tartar; 1/4 teaspoon salt if using unsalted pistachio nuts; 2 drops of green food coloring if desired; 1/2 cup plus 2 tablespoons sugar; 1/3 cup shelled natural pistachio nuts; 2 tablespoons cornstarch; 1 cup milk; 1 large whole egg; 1 large egg yolk; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, cut into bits; 2 tablespoons kirsch, or to taste | INSTRUCTIONS: Line 2 buttered baking sheets with foil or parchment paper and trace a total of three 13- by 4-inch rectangles on the sheets of foil (2 on one sheet and 1 on the other). Line 2 buttered baking sheets with foil or parchment paper and trace a total of three 13- by 4-inch rectangles on the sheets of foil (2 on one sheet and 1 on the other). Make the meringue layers: In a food processor grind fine the pistachio nuts with 1/4 cup plus 2 tablespoons of the sugar and the cornstarch. In a large bowl with an 2electric mixer beat the egg whites with the cream of tartar and the salt until they hold soft  <END>
INPUT: summer, puff pastry, nectarines peaches, crème fraîche, sugar, egg
OUTPUT: TITLE: Nectarine and Peach Summer Tart | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 8 ounces puff pastry (to fit a 10-1/2 inch tart pan); 1 pound 12 ounces nectarines and peaches; 1/3 cup crème fraîche; 1/4 cup sugar; 1 large egg; 1 tablespoon hazelnut powder; 1 tablespoon almond powder | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. Preheat the oven to 400°F. Fit the puff pastry into the tart pan and refrigerate for 30 minutes. 2. Peel the peaches. Cut them and the nectarines into thin wedges. Reserve. 3. In a small bowl whisk together the cream, sugar, egg and th e nut powders. If you don't find hazelnut powder, simply substitute almond powder. 4. When the pastry is chilled, arrange the fruits in it in concentric circles, mounding any extra slices in the center. Pour the cream evenly over the fruit, and bake the tart in the middle of the oven until the cream and fruit are golden on top, about 45 minutes. Remove from t <END>
INPUT: vinaigrette, virgin olive oil, apple cider vinegar, agave nectar, Dijon mustard, shallot
OUTPUT: TITLE: Shallot Vinaigrette | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 1/4 cup apple cider vinegar; 2 tablespoons agave nectar; 2 teaspoons Dijon mustard; 1 small shallot, minced; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; Favorite greens, for serving | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine the olive oil, vinegar, agave, mustard and shallots in a bowl and whisk until combined. Add salt and pepper to taste. Toss your favorite greens with this vinaigrette and enjoy! <END>
INPUT: American, herbed, frittata, scallions, garlic, olive oil, eggs, thyme leaves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Herbed Ham and Cheddar Frittata | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 scallions, minced; 1 garlic clove, minced; 1 tablespoon olive oil; 4 large eggs; 1 teaspoon fresh thyme leaves, minced, or 1/4 teaspoon dried, crumbled; 1 teaspoon fresh rosemary leaves, minced, or 1/4 teaspoon dried, crumbled; 1/4 pound ham steak, chopped, rinsed, and patted dry (about 3/4 cup); 1/3 cup grated extra-sharp Cheddar cheese (about 2 ounces); 1 tablespoon minced fresh parsley leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: In an 8- or 9-inch flameproof heavy skillet cook scallions and garlic in oil over moderately low heat, stirring, until softened. In a bowl whisk together eggs, thyme, rosemary, and pepper to taste. Add egg mixture to scallion mixture and cook, without stirring, 2 minutes. Add ham and cook, without stirring, 8 minutes, or until edges are set but center is still soft. While frittata is cooking, preheat broiler. Sprinkle Cheddar on frittata and broil about 4 inches from heat until cheese is bubbling, about 1 minute. Sprinkle with parsley and cut into wedges. In an 8- or 9-inch flameproof heavy sk <END>
INPUT: spice, truffles, good quality chocolate, espresso powder, espresso beans, nutmeg, cinnamon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Coffee-Spice White Chocolate Truffles | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 24 ounces good-quality white chocolate (such as Lindt or Baker's), finely chopped; 5 teaspoons instant espresso powder; 1 tablespoon ground espresso beans; 3/4 teaspoon ground nutmeg; 3/4 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1/4 cup crème fraîche or sour cream; 1 tablespoon whipping cream; 1 tablespoon coffee liqueur; 1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract; 24 candied violets or whole espresso beans | INSTRUCTIONS: Stir 12 ounces white chocolate in medium metal bowl set over saucepan of barely simmering water (do not allow bottom of bowl to touch water) until melted and smooth and candy thermometer registers 110°F. (chocolate will feel warm to touch). Remove from over water. Mix in espresso powder, ground espresso beans and spices. Add crème fraîche, whipping cream, liqueur and vanilla; whisk until blended (mixture may appear curdled). Freeze until firm enough to hold shape, whisking occasionally, about 25 minutes. Line 2 baking sheets with foil. Using about 1 tablespoon espresso mixture for each truffle <END>
INPUT: American, sandwich, bacon drippings, eggs, bread, Waxed paper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fried Egg Sandwich | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup bacon drippings; 6 eggs; 12 slices bread; Waxed paper | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat the drippings in a wide flat-bottomed skillet until they spit and smoke. Break in the eggs. They will immediately bubble around the edges, making then crisp. Break their yolks with a fork and swirl them around, so that they are scattered fairly evenly through the whites. This will cook very quickly and the eggs should be tough. Either push them to one side of the pan or remove them, and fry bread in the drippings for each sandwich, two slices an egg. Fry on one side only. Sandwich egg between bread slices. Wrap them in waxed paper. <END>
INPUT: mary, tomatoes, garlic, onion, jalapeno, olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Mary with Hot Pickled Green Beans | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 pounds tomatoes, heirloom preferred; 2 cloves garlic, peeled; 1/4 cup onion; 1 jalapeno, seeded; 1 tablespoon olive oil; 3/4 teaspoon kosher salt; 3/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 3 tablespoons extra-hot horseradish; 4 teaspoons celery salt; 2 teaspoons dry mustard; 1 teaspoon white pepper; 2 teaspoons Worcestershire sauce; 4 teaspoons pickled vegetable juice; Hot Pickled Green Beans, for garnish, recipe follows; Ice, for serving | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Wash and dry the tomatoes and remove the stems. Put the tomatoes, garlic, onions and jalapeno in a large glass baking dish (9 by 13-inch). Drizzle the vegetables with olive oil and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Bake until just starting to brown, about 45 to 60 minutes. Remove from the oven, let cool and put through a food mill to remove the seeds and skin. Add the mixture to a medium bowl and puree with stick blender. Pour into a large glass container and refrigerate. When cool, add the seasonings and the pickled vegetable juic <END>
INPUT: Italian, chilled, blackened, creole mustard, mayonnaise, Worcestershire sauce, pepper, center prime sirloin
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chilled Blackened Sirloin of Beef with Creole Mustard Sauce | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup creole mustard; 2 tablespoons mayonnaise; 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce; 1 teaspoon fresh ground black pepper; 2 pounds center cut prime sirloin of beef; 1/2 cup vegetable oil; 1/3 cup paprika; 1 tablespoon each garlic and onion powder; 1 teaspoon each white, black, and cayenne pepper; 1/2 teaspoon each thyme, basil, oregano; 1/4 cup salt; 1-1/4 sticks whole butter, cut in pats; Red onions, sliced; Capers | INSTRUCTIONS: Mix together mustard, mayonnaise, Worcestershire and pepper. Chill. Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Trim fat to 1/8-inch on sirloin, coat with oil and dredge on all sides with seasoning. Place sirloin in a well-heated (hot) iron skillet. Add 2 to 3 pats of butter. Cook 5 minutes on each side, adding butter as needed. Transfer to oven and roast until meat reaches internal temperature of 114 degrees F. Remove and refrigerate overnight. Slice sirloin into 12 even slices and arrange on chilled salad plate. Serve with a 2-ounce pool of mustard sauce and garnish with red onion and capers. Mix well: . <END>
INPUT: refried, beans, water, each unsalted butter, lard vegetable oil, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Refried Black Beans | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 32-ounce cans of black beans, rinsed and drained; 2 cups water; 1 1/2 tablespoons each unsalted butter and oil; 3 tablespoons lard or vegetable oil; 1 large onion, diced; 1 1/2 teaspoons salt; 1 tablespoon cumin | INSTRUCTIONS: Puree 2 cans of black beans with 2 cups water in food processor. Heat the lard or other fat in a large saucepan over medium heat. Saute the onions with the salt and cumin until golden, about 10 minutes. Add the beans and continue cooking over medium heat, stirring frequently, until the liquid evaporates and the beans form a creamy mass that pulls away from the bottom and sides of the pan, about 15 minutes. Serve immediately. <END>
INPUT: crumble, assorted apples, granulated sugar, lemon juice, cinnamon, nutmeg
OUTPUT: TITLE: Apple Crumble | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 1/2 pounds assorted apples, peeled, cored and in 1/2-inch slices; 1/4 cup granulated sugar; 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice; 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1/4 teaspoon ground nutmeg; 1/2 teaspoon freshly grated ginger; 2 tablespoons Minute Tapioca (flour or cornstarch can be substituted, but I prefer tapioca); Pinch of kosher salt; 1 1/2 cups all-purpose flour; 1 1/2 cups old-fashioned rolled oats (not instant); 1 1/4 cups firmly packed dark brown sugar; 1/4 teaspoon cinnamon; 1/4 teaspoon kosher salt; 10 tablespoons unsalted butter, slightly softened and cut into small cubes | INSTRUCTIONS: To make the filling, gently toss together the apples, sugar, lemon juice, cinnamon, nutmeg, ginger, tapioca and a pinch of salt in a large bowl. Spoon the filling into a 9-inch deep-dish pie pan. To make the crumb topping, stir together the flour, oats, dark brown sugar, cinnamon and salt in a medium bowl. Blend in butter with your fingertips, fork, or pastry blender until mixture forms pea-size clumps. Spoon topping evenly over fruit filling and bake on a middle rack in a preheated 375 degree F oven until fruit is bubbling and the top is nicely browned, about 60 minutes. Let the crumble cool  <END>
INPUT: paprikash, onions, kosher salt, sweet paprika, hot paprika, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken Paprikash with Sour Cream | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 medium onions, thinly sliced; 1 teaspoon kosher salt; 1 tablespoon sweet paprika; 1 teaspoon hot paprika; 1 garlic clove, peeled and halved; 3 pounds chicken legs; 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 1 1/2 teaspoons olive oil; 1 1/2 teaspoons unsalted butter; 1/2 cup chicken stock or low-sodium chicken broth; 1/4 cup sour cream; Fresh dill, chopped, for garnish; Slow cooker | INSTRUCTIONS: In slow cooker, stir together onions, 1/2 teaspoon salt, and paprika. Spread mixture evenly over bottom of insert. Rub garlic halves over chicken, then sprinkle chicken with pepper and remaining 1/2 teaspoon salt. In medium saucepan over moderately high heat, heat butter and oil until hot but not smoking. Add chicken pieces and brown, turning occasionally, until golden, about 6 minutes. Transfer to slow cooker (do not clean pan), layering chicken on top of onion mixture. In same saucepan over high heat, bring stock to simmer, scraping up browned bits from bottom of pan. Pour over chicken in sl <END>
INPUT: tart, all purpose flour, walnuts, light sugar, unsalted butter, egg yolk
OUTPUT: TITLE: Plum Tart | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups all-purpose flour; 3/4 cup finely chopped walnuts; 3/4 cup light brown sugar, lightly packed; 12 tablespoons cold unsalted butter (1 1/2 sticks), diced; 1 egg yolk; 2 pounds firm, ripe Italian prune plums, pitted and quartered lengthwise | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Combine the flour, walnuts, and sugar in a large bowl. Add the butter and the egg yolk. Mix, either by hand or with an electric mixer, until crumbly. Press 1 1/2 cups of the crumb mixture in an even layer into the bottom of a 9 1/2-inch springform or tart pan. Arrange the plums in the pan, skin side down, to form a flower pattern; begin at the outside and work your way in. Sprinkle the rest of the crumb mixture evenly over the plums. Bake the tart for 40 to 50 minutes, or until it's lightly browned and the plum juices are bubbli <END>
INPUT: Italian, wise, pasta, Salt, wheat penne, virgin olive oil, shallots, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Penne-Wise Pumpkin Pasta | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: Salt; 1 pound whole-wheat penne; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 3 shallots, finely chopped; 3 to 4 cloves garlic, grated; 2 cups chicken stock; 1 (15-ounce) can pumpkin puree; 1/2 cup cream; 1 teaspoon hot sauce, to taste; Freshly grated nutmeg, to taste; 2 pinches ground cinnamon; Salt and black pepper; 7 to 8 leaves fresh sage, thinly sliced plus more, for garnish; Grated Parmigiano-Reggiano | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Heat water for pasta, salt it and cook penne to al dente. Heat the oil, 2 turns of the pan, over medium heat. Add shallots and garlic to the pan, saute 3 minutes. Stir in chicken stock and combine with pumpkin, stir in cream then season sauce with hot sauce, nutmeg, cinnamon, salt and pepper. Reduce heat to medium low and simmer 5 to 6 minutes more to thicken. Stir in sage, toss with pasta with grated cheese, to taste. <END>
INPUT: American, chicken broth, water, quick grits, chives onions, soft goat cheese
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grits with Goat Cheese and Chives | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 14 1/2-ounce cans chicken broth; 1/2 cup water; 1 cup quick-cooking grits; 1/3 cup sliced fresh chives or green onions; 4 ounces soft fresh goat cheese (such as Bûcheron or Montrachet); Fresh chives or green onions, cut into 2-inch pieces | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring broth and water to boil in heavy medium saucepan. Gradually stir in grits. Reduce heat to low; cover and cook 4 minutes. Uncover; simmer until thickened to consistency of thin mashed potatoes, stirring often, about 3 minutes. Add sliced chives and cheese. Stir until cheese melts. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Top with chive pieces. Bring broth and water to boil in heavy medium saucepan. Gradually stir in grits. Reduce heat to low; cover and cook 4 minutes. Uncover; simmer until thickened to consistency of thin mashed potatoes, stirring often, about 3 minutes. Add sliced chives an <END>
INPUT: Indian, south, border, prawns, olive oil, onion, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: South o' the Border Prawn Masala | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound large head-on prawns, shelled, deveined, heads and shells reserved; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1 large red onion, diced; 4 cloves garlic, thinly sliced; 1 (1-inch) piece fresh ginger, peeled and minced; 1 small jalapeno, seeded and finely chopped; 2 dried arbol chile, stemmed; 1 dried ancho chile, stemmed; 1 (14-ounce) can peeled tomatoes in juice, drained, liquid reserved; 3/4 teaspoon ground turmeric; 1/2 teaspoon garam masala; 1/4 cup heavy cream; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh dill; Naan bread, for serving | INSTRUCTIONS: Remove the prawn heads. In a medium saucepot, bring the prawn heads, shells and 5 cups of water to a boil. Reduce the heat and simmer 20 minutes. Meanwhile, heat the oil in a large skillet over medium heat until shimmering. Add the onions, garlic, ginger, and jalapeno, and cook, stirring occasionally, until golden brown, about 8 to 10 minutes. While the vegetables cook, break the arbol chiles and ancho chile into pieces (remove the seeds, if you prefer less heat and spice), then grind in a spice grinder to a fine powder. Set aside. Crush the tomatoes with your hands. Add the turmeric, garam ma <END>
INPUT: radishes, olive oil, Kosher salt pepper, lemon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Radishes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 8 ounces radishes; 2 tablespoons olive oil; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1/2 lemon, juiced | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with aluminum foil. Halve the radishes lengthwise and place them in a bowl. Toss with the olive oil and season with salt and pepper. Transfer the radishes to the prepared baking sheet and bake until tender and a little golden, about 20 minutes. Sprinkle the lemon juice on top and serve immediately. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, stir, cumin seeds, coriander seeds, leg lamb, paprika, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lamb Stir-Fry with Pomegranate and Yogurt | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2 teaspoons cumin seeds; 1 teaspoon coriander seeds; 1 1/2 pounds boneless leg of lamb, thinly sliced against the grain; 1 teaspoon paprika; 4 garlic cloves, finely chopped; 1 tablespoon red wine vinegar; 4 tablespoons olive oil, divided; Kosher salt, freshly ground pepper; 1/2 cup plain Greek yogurt; 1 medium red onion, cut into 1/2" wedges; Cooked rice (for serving); 1/4 cup pomegranate seeds; 2 tablespoons chopped pistachios; Fresh oregano, mint, and/or cilantro leaves (for serving) | INSTRUCTIONS: Toast cumin and coriander seeds in a small dry skillet over medium heat until fragrant, about 1 minute. Let cool, then finely chop. Toss lamb with cumin, coriander, paprika, garlic, vinegar, and 2 tablespoons oil in a large bowl to coat; season with salt and pepper. Cover and chill 15 minutes. Whisk yogurt and 1 tablespoon water in a small bowl; season with salt and pepper. Heat remaining 2 tablespoons oil in a large skillet, preferably cast iron, over medium-high heat. Working in batches, cook lamb, tossing occasionally, until browned, about 5 minutes per batch; transfer to a plate with a slo <END>
INPUT: wild, unsalted butter, olive oil, shiitake mushrooms, portobello mushrooms, oyster mushrooms
OUTPUT: TITLE: Wild Mushroom Rice | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 tablespoons unsalted butter; 3 tablespoons olive oil; 1/2 pound shiitake mushrooms, stems removed and caps cut 1/4-inch thick; 2 large portobello mushrooms, stems removed and caps cut 1/4-inch thick; 1/2 pound oyster mushrooms, stems removed and caps cut 1/4-inch thick; Salt and pepper for seasoning, plus 1 teaspoon salt; 1 Spanish onion, finely chopped; 3 cups converted rice; 7 cups chicken stock; 1/4 cup porcini mushroom powder | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat 3 tablespoons butter and 2 tablespoons oil in a large saute pan over high heat. Add the mushrooms, season with salt and pepper, to taste, and saute until golden brown. In a medium saucepan heat remaining butter and oil over medium heat, add the onions and cook until soft. Add the rice and stir to coat with the butter and oil. Add 6 cups of the stock, 1 teaspoon of salt and the porcini powder, bring to a boil, cover, lower the heat and cook until all the liquid is absorbed. Fold in the mushroom mixture, more stock, if needed, and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Cook to heat through, <END>
INPUT: milk, semisweet chocolate, sugar, cinnamon, vanilla extract
OUTPUT: TITLE: Homemade Hot Chocolate with Old-Fashioned Doughnut Sticks | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 8 cups whole milk; 16 ounces semisweet chocolate, chopped small or chips; 1/4 cup sugar; 6 cinnamon sticks; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; Old-Fashioned Doughnut Sticks, recipe follows; Nonstick spray, for pan; 1 1/2 cups all-purpose flour; 1/2 cup granulated sugar; 1 teaspoon baking powder; 1/4 teaspoon cinnamon; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 1/2 cup milk; 1 egg, lightly beaten; 1/2 teaspoon pure vanilla extract | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Special equipment: two 6-well eclair pans Bring the milk, chocolate, sugar, cinnamon and vanilla extract to a simmer in a medium saucepan. Whisk until completely melted and smooth. Serve with the Old-Fashioned Doughnut Sticks. For the dougnuts: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Spray two 6-well eclair pans with nonstick spray. In a large mixing bowl, whisk together the flour, sugar, baking powder, cinnamon and salt to combine. Add the milk, egg, vanilla and butter, and mix gently until combined. Fill the wells of the prepared eclair pans about halfway with the b <END>
INPUT: Mexican, tortilla, virgin olive oil, onion, pepper, potatoes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tortilla with Chorizo | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 1 medium yellow onion, sliced; 1 red pepper, roughly chopped; 1 (7-ounce) package pre-cooked chorizo, thinly sliced; 1/2 pound red potatoes, cubed, boiled until tender and drained; 1 garlic clove, minced; 3 tablespoons chopped cilantro leaves; 1 teaspoon kosher salt, plus 1 pinch; 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 12 eggs | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat oven to 450 degrees F. Heat canola oil in a 12-inch nonstick or cast iron saute pan over medium high heat. Add onions and peppers, cook until tender, about 5 minutes. Add chorizo, potatoes, garlic, and cilantro stirring carefully as to not break up the potatoes, cook 1 more minute. Season with salt and pepper. In a large bowl whisk eggs with a pinch of salt until well blended. Add eggs to the pan with the chorizo mixture. Stir gently with a heatproof spatula, allowing the bottom to cook, pulling away at the sides to allow the egg on top to run underneath  <END>
INPUT: burgers, plums, honey, garlic, ginger, rice wine vinegar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Duck, Duck, Delicious Burgers | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup pitted and chopped plums; 1/4 cup honey; 2 garlic cloves, minced; 1 teaspoon minced fresh ginger; 2 tablespoons rice wine vinegar; 1 tablespoon hoisin sauce; 1/2 teaspoon dried red pepper flakes; Salt; Freshly ground black pepper; 6 duck breasts; 6 scallions, finely chopped; 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh cilantro leaves; 1/4 teaspoon Chinese five-spice powder; 1 1/2 teaspoons salt; Freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Prepare a medium-hot fire for both direct and indirect cooking in a charcoal grill with a cover, or preheat a gas grill to medium-high. If using charcoal, the coals should be placed so that they are under half of the rack, creating 2 zones: 1 hot and 1 mildly hot. If using a gas grill, follow manufacturer's instructions to create zones for both direct and indirect grilling. When the grill is hot, clean it with a wire brush. It does not need to be oiled at this time. To make the honey plum sauce, combine the plums, honey, garlic, ginger, rice wine vinegar, hoisin sauce, and dried pepper flakes  <END>
INPUT: Indian, pilaf, canola oil, piece cinnamon, cumin seeds, bay leaf
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cracked Wheat Pilaf | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon canola oil; 3 cloves; One 1/2-inch piece cinnamon stick; 3/4 teaspoon cumin seeds; 1 bay leaf; 1/2 teaspoon ground turmeric (optional); 3/4 small white onion, finely chopped; 4 teaspoons minced peeled ginger; 2 2/3 cups chicken stock or reduced-sodium canned chicken broth; 2 2/3 cups cracked wheat; Kosher salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat the oil in a 3-quart saucepan over moderate heat until it shimmers and cook the cloves, cinnamon, cumin seeds, bay leaf, and turmeric (if using), stirring and shaking the pan, until the spices are fragrant, 2 to 3 minutes. Add the onion and ginger and cook until the onion is translucent, 2 to 3 minutes longer. Add the chicken stock, then bring to a boil over high heat. Stir in the cracked wheat and 1 1/2 teaspoons salt and return the mixture to a boil. Remove from the heat and let the pilaf stand for 30 minutes. Remove the cloves, cinnamon, and bay leaf and fluff the pilaf with a fork and <END>
INPUT: sponge, unsalted butter, natural unsweetened cocoa, cake flour, eggs, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate Sponge Cake | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, room temperature; 1/4 cup natural unsweetened cocoa powder plus more for pan; 1/4 cup cake flour; 4 large eggs, room temperature; 1/2 cup plus 6 teaspoons sugar; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; 3/4 cup heavy cream; 1 cup semi sweet or bittersweet chocolate chips (do not exceed 61% cacao) | INSTRUCTIONS: For cake: Preheat oven to 400°F. Line the bottom of a 13x9x2" metal baking pan with parchment paper. Butter paper and sides of pan; dust with cocoa powder, tapping out excess. Sift flour and remaining 1/4 cup cocoa powder through a fine-mesh sieve into a small bowl. Repeat sifting 2 more times. Set flour mixture aside. Crack 2 eggs into a large deep bowl. Separate remaining 2 eggs, adding yolks to bowl with whole eggs and placing whites in a medium deep bowl. Set whites aside. Using an electric mixer, beat whole eggs and yolks on low speed for 1 minute. Increase speed to medium; gradually add  <END>
INPUT: Mexican, vinaigrette, eight live lobsters, orange zest, orange juice, wine vinegar, chipotle chilies adobo
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Lobster with Orange Chipotle Vinaigrette | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: eight 1 1/2-pound live lobsters; 3/4 teaspoon finely grated fresh orange zest; 1 cup fresh orange juice; 1/4 cup white-wine vinegar; 1 1/2 tablespoons canned chipotle chilies in adobo, or to taste; 2 1/2 teaspoons salt; 1 teaspoon firmly packed brown sugar; 1 cup olive oil; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh basil leaves; Garnish: basil sprigs | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring a large kettle (at least 8-quart capacity) three fourths full of water to a boil for lobsters. In a blender blend zest, orange juice, vinegar, chipotles in adobo, salt, and sugar until chipotles are chopped fine. With motor running add oil in a slow stream. Vinaigrette may be prepared up to this point 3 days ahead and chilled, covered. Bring vinaigrette to room temperature before serving. In boiling water partially cook lobsters, 2 at a time, over high heat 3 minutes and transfer with tongs to a colander to drain and cool. (Make sure water returns to a full boil before adding each batch  <END>
INPUT: French, chicken breast halves, Coarse kosher salt, butter, olive oil, shallot
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sautéed Chicken and Radishes with Mustard and Tarragon | CUISINE: French | INGREDIENTS: 4 skinless boneless chicken breast halves; Coarse kosher salt; 2 1/2 tablespoons butter, divided; 2 tablespoons olive oil, divided; 2 tablespoons minced shallot; 1/4 cup dry white wine; 1 cup low-salt chicken broth; 2 teaspoons Dijon mustard; 2 teaspoons chopped fresh tarragon; 2 bunches radishes (such as red, pink, purple, and white; about 20), trimmed of all but 1/2 inch of green tops, radishes halved lengthwise; Fresh tarragon sprigs (for garnish) | INSTRUCTIONS: Sprinkle chicken with salt and pepper. Melt 1 tablespoon butter with 1 tablespoon oil in large skillet over medium-high heat. Add chicken to skillet and cook until browned and cooked through, 5 to 6 minutes per side, depending on thickness. Transfer chicken to plate; cover to keep warm. Add shallot to same skillet; stir over medium-high heat 1 minute. Add wine, then broth to skillet; bring to boil. Whisk in mustard and chopped tarragon; boil until sauce thickens enough to coat spoon lightly and is reduced to scant 1/2 cup, 5 to 6 minutes. Stir in 1/2 tablespoon butter; set aside. Meanwhile, me <END>
INPUT: drop, cookies, all purpose flour, coarse kosher salt, baking soda, unsalted butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pecan-Raisin Drop Cookies | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup all purpose flour; 3/4 teaspoon coarse kosher salt; 1/4 teaspoon baking soda; 3/4 cup (packed) golden brown sugar; 1/2 cup unsalted butter, melted; 1 large egg; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; 3/4 cup raisins; 3/4 cup pecans, coarsely chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350°F. Line 2 baking sheets with parchment. Mix first 3 ingredients in bowl. Whisk sugar and butter in large bowl, 1 minute. Whisk in egg and vanilla. Stir in dry ingredients, then raisins and nuts. Drop dough by rounded teaspoonfuls onto sheets. Bake about 12 minutes. Transfer parchment to racks; cool. Preheat oven to 350°F. Line 2 baking sheets with parchment. Mix first 3 ingredients in bowl. Whisk sugar and butter in large bowl, 1 minute. Whisk in egg and vanilla. Stir in dry ingredients, then raisins and nuts. Drop dough by rounded teaspoonfuls onto sheets. Bake about 12 mi <END>
INPUT: Mexican, quesadillas, flour wheat tortillas, Mexican cheese blend, salmon fillets, chili powder
OUTPUT: TITLE: Salmon Quesadillas with Sun-Dried Tomatoes | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: Cooking spray; 8 flour or whole-wheat tortillas; 2 cups shredded Mexican cheese blend or shredded Monterey Jack; 2 cooked salmon fillets, pulled apart with 2 forks into 1-inch pieces; 1 teaspoon chili powder; 1/2 cup sliced pickled jalapeno peppers; 2 Hass avocados, pitted and flesh removed from skin; 1/2 cup drained oil-packed sun-dried tomatoes; 2 tablespoons fresh lime juice; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro leaves; Salt; Freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Coat a large griddle with cooking spray and preheat to medium-high. Arrange 4 tortillas on a flat surface. Top each tortilla with 1/2 cup cheese. Toss salmon with chili powder and place on top of cheese. Top with sliced jalapeno peppers and a second tortilla. Place tortillas on hot griddle and cook 2 to 3 minutes per side, until golden brown and cheese melts. In a blender, combine avocado, sun-dried tomatoes and lime juice. Process until smooth. Transfer to a bowl, fold in cilantro and season with salt and pepper. Serve quesadillas with guacamole on the side. <END>
INPUT: herbed, chicken breast, tarragon thyme, garlic, olive oil, Salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Herbed Chicken Breast | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 whole boneless chicken breast (with skin), about 12 ounces; 2 small fresh tarragon or thyme sprigs; 1 large clove of garlic, thinly sliced; 2 tablespoons olive oil; Salt, pepper and paprika, to taste; 1/3 cup chicken broth; 1 tablespoon chopped parsley | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. Preheat the oven to 350°F. 2. Carefully loosen the skin of the chicken breast with your finger. Slip an herb sprig underneath each side of the breast, along with some garlic slices. Brush with olive oil and sprinkle with salt, pepper and paprika. 3. Place the breast in a small baking dish; add the chicken broth. Bake, basting occasionally, until golden and cooked through, about 40 minutes. 4. To serve, cut the breast in half lengthwise and place on two plates. Reheat the pan juices slightly over high heat; scrape up any brown bits from the pan bottom and spoon over chicken. Sprinkle with pa <END>
INPUT: stew, canola oil, onion, Salt pepper, paprika, pepper flakes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spicy Spinach Stew | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon canola oil; 1 medium onion, chopped; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 teaspoon paprika; 1/2 teaspoon red pepper flakes; 2 teaspoons minced garlic; 1 (15-ounce) can diced tomatoes; 3 (15-ounce) cans white beans, drained and rinsed; 1 (10-ounce) box frozen chopped spinach, thawed | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat the canola oil in a large saute pan over medium heat. Add the onion and saute until slightly tender about 3 minutes. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Add the paprika, red pepper flakes and garlic. Saute for 1 minute, then stir in the tomatoes, white beans and spinach. (Reserve 1 1/2 cups of beans and 1/4 cup spinach for Round 2 Spanish Dip recipe.) Cook stirring every couple of minutes, until heated through, about 6 minutes. Transfer to a serving bowl and serve warm or at room temperature. <END>
INPUT: bread, milk, kosher salt, stone cornmeal, pure pumpkin purée
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pumpkin Spoon Bread | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 1/2 cups whole milk; 1/2 cup (1 stick) unsalted butter; 2 teaspoons kosher salt; 1 cup stone-ground yellow cornmeal; 1 cup canned pure pumpkin purée; 3 large eggs, separated; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh chives; 1/2 teaspoon chopped fresh thyme; 1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1/4 teaspoon cayenne pepper; 1/4 teaspoon ground ginger; 1/4 teaspoon ground nutmeg | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350°F. Bring milk, butter, and salt to a simmer in a medium saucepan. Reduce heat, gradually whisk in cornmeal, and simmer, stirring, until thickened, about 2 minutes. Remove from heat; whisk in pumpkin purée. Whisk egg yolks, chives, thyme, cinnamon, cayenne, ginger, and nutmeg in a large bowl. Whisk in cornmeal mixture. Using an electric mixer, beat egg whites in a medium bowl until soft peaks form. Whisk 1/4 of whites into batter, then gently fold in remaining whites. Scrape batter into a 9x5" loaf pan. Bake until spoon bread is set and begins to pull away from sides of pan, <END>
INPUT: mashed, vinaigrette, apple cider vinegar, mustard seeds, mixed root vegetables, applewood smoked bacon, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mashed Root Vegetables with Bacon Vinaigrette | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup apple cider vinegar; 2 tablespoons yellow mustard seeds; 4-5 pounds mixed root vegetables (such as parsnips, kohlrabi, celery root, turnips, and rutabagas), peeled, cut into 1" cubes; 1/2 pound thick-cut applewood-smoked bacon, diced; 1 large white onion, diced; 1 tablespoon (packed) dark brown sugar; Kosher salt, freshly ground pepper; 2 tablespoons chopped flat-leaf parsley | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring vinegar, mustard seeds, and 1/4 cup water to a simmer in a small pot; cook until seeds are plump, 20-25 minutes. Drain; set aside seeds and cooking liquid separately. Place a steamer basket inside a large pot. Add water to a depth of 1". Bring to a boil. Add root vegetables to steamer basket. Cover and cook, adding water by 1/2-cupfuls if needed to maintain level of water in pot, until vegetables are very tender but not mushy, about 45 minutes. Meanwhile, place bacon in a large skillet; set over medium-low heat and cook until bacon softens and fat begins to render, about 4 minutes. Add o <END>
INPUT: gazpacho, loaf country bread, seedless watermelon, scallions, tomato, Persian cucumber
OUTPUT: TITLE: Watermelon Gazpacho with Shrimp | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 loaf country bread (about 8 ounces); 6 cups chopped cold seedless watermelon, plus 1/2 cup diced; 1 bunch scallions (1 chopped; remaining whole and trimmed); 1 large tomato, diced; 1 Persian cucumber, diced; 1 jalapeno pepper, diced (remove seeds for less heat); 1/3 cup plus 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, plus more for brushing and drizzling; Juice of 2 limes, plus wedges for serving; 1/4 cup roughly chopped fresh mint; Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper; 1 pound large shrimp, peeled and deveined (tails left intact); 1 clove garlic, minced | INSTRUCTIONS: Slice the bread 1/4 to 1/2 inch thick and remove the crust from all but 4 slices. Tear the crustless slices into pieces and pulse in a food processor to make coarse crumbs. Add the chopped watermelon to the food processor along with the chopped scallion, tomato, half each of the cucumber and jalapeno and 1/4 cup cold water; puree. With the machine running, gradually add 1/3 cup olive oil and the juice of 1 lime. Stir in 2 tablespoons mint, 1 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of pepper. Cover and refrigerate until ready to serve. Heat a grill pan over medium-high heat and brush with olive oil. Tos <END>
INPUT: gratin, mussels, plum tomatoes, basil, crème fraîche, Parmigiano Reggiano
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mussel Gratin | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 pounds mussels (preferably cultivated), cleaned and steamed , then shucked; 2 pounds plum tomatoes, halved lengthwise, seeded, and halves cut into sixths; 1/2 cup chopped fresh basil; 1/2 cup crème fraîche; 1/2 cup finely grated Parmigiano-Reggiano (1 oz); 2 large garlic cloves, 1 minced and 1 halved; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/4 teaspoon black pepper; 15 (1/3-inch-thick) slices from a baguette; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 450°F. Toss together mussels, tomatoes, basil, crème fraîche, cheese, minced garlic, salt, and pepper in an oiled 3-quart (about 13- by 9 1/2- by 2-inch) baking dish. Rub 1 cut side of each bread slice with halved garlic and arrange bread, garlic side up, over mussel mixture in baking dish. Brush tops of bread with oil. Bake gratin in middle of oven until bread is golden brown on top, about 15 minutes. Serve mussels spooned over garlic toasts. Preheat oven to 450°F. Toss together mussels, tomatoes, basil, crème fraîche, cheese, minced garlic, salt, and pepper in an oiled 3-quar <END>
INPUT: creamed, salted fatback, butter, Vidalia onion, corn, heavy cream
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fried Creamed Corn | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup finely chopped salted fatback; 1 tablespoon butter; 1/4 cup finely chopped Vidalia onion; 1 cup grated white corn, with all pulp scraped from the cob; 1/4 cup heavy cream; 1 teaspoon sugar; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; Lemon juice | INSTRUCTIONS: Place the cold fatback into a saute pan and begin to heat over medium-low heat. Allow the fat to melt and render as slowly as possible to insure that the pieces are completely rendered but remain very light golden brown. Add the butter to the pan, then the onions and allow the onions to sweat until very soft. Mix together the corn with the heavy cream and sugar, and add to the pan of fat and onions. Increase the heat to high and stir vigorously to emulsify the mixture. Once the mixture has reached a boil, turn off the heat and continue to stir for 30 seconds. Season with salt, black pepper and <END>
INPUT: American, spiced, streusel, Butter Pie Crust, all purpose flour, crystallized ginger, cinnamon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pumpkin Pie with Spiced Walnut Streusel | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 Butter Pie Crust Dough disk; 1/3 cup all purpose flour; 1/4 cup (packed) golden brown sugar; 1 tablespoon minced crystallized ginger; 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1/4 teaspoon ground nutmeg; 2 tablespoons (1/4 stick) chilled unsalted butter, cut into cubes; 1/3 cup walnuts, coarsely chopped; 1 15-ounce can pure pumpkin; 1 cup sugar; 1/2 cup (packed) golden brown sugar; 3 large eggs; 1/2 cup (1 stick) unsalted butter, melted; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; Sweetened whipped cream | INSTRUCTIONS: Roll out dough on lightly floured surface to 13-inch round. Transfer to 9-inch deep-dish glass pie dish. Trim overhang to 1/2 inch. Fold overhang under; crimp edges decoratively. Refrigerate 1 hour. Preheat oven to 375°F. Line crust with foil. Fill with dried beans or pie weights. Bake until edges begin to brown and crust is set, about 17 minutes. Remove foil and beans. Bake until golden brown, pressing with back of fork if crust bubbles, about 5 minutes longer. Transfer to rack. Maintain oven temperature. Roll out dough on lightly floured surface to 13-inch round. Transfer to 9-inch deep-dish <END>
INPUT: Italian, pasta, semolina fettuccine, spring onions scallions, virgin olive oil, unsalted butter, lump crabmeat
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fresh Pasta with Crabmeat, Peas and Chile | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: Fresh semolina fettuccine; 1/2 cup thinly sliced spring onions or scallions; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, divided; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, divided; 1/2 pound lump crabmeat, picked over; 1/3 cup fresh or thawed frozen peas; 2 teaspoons fresh lemon juice; 2 tablespoons grated Parmigiano-Reggiano; 1 (3-to 4-inch) fresh red chile, such as serrano, thinly sliced, or 1/4 teaspoon hot red-pepper flakes; 1/3 cup chopped flat-leaf parsley, divided | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook fettuccine in a pasta pot of well-salted boiling water until al dente, about 3 minutes. Reserve 1 cup cooking water, then drain pasta. While pasta water comes to a boil, cook spring onions in 1 tablespoon oil and 1 tablespoon butter in a 12-inch heavy skillet over medium heat, stirring occasionally, until softened, about 2 minutes. Add 1/2 cup pasta-cooking water, peas, 1/4 teaspoon salt, and 1/8 teaspoon pepper and cook 1 minute. Add crab and cook until heated through, about 2 minutes. Add pasta, lemon juice, cheese, chile, and remaining tablespoon each of oil and butter and stir to comb <END>
INPUT: basil, kosher Passover wine, kosher Passover vegetable, shallots, chicken breasts
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken with Sun-Dried Tomatoes and Shiitake Mushrooms | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons freshly chopped basil; 4 tablespoons kosher for Passover dry white wine; 4 tablespoons kosher-for-Passover vegetable oil; 2 tablespoons diced shallots; 4 whole chicken breasts, boned; 1/3 cup kosher-for-Passover vegetable oil; 1/3 cup shallots, diced; 20 medium shiitake mushrooms, sliced (about 2 cups); 16 sun-dried tomatoes, sliced; 1 tablespoon potato starch; Salt to taste; 2 cups chicken broth; 1 cup non-dairy creamer | INSTRUCTIONS: To make the marinade, mix the basil, wine, oil and the shallots in a small bowl. Mash the chicken with a wooden pounder and place in marinade. Melt the oil in a frying pan. Add the shallots and the mushrooms, and stir until the mushrooms are soft. Add the sun-dried tomatoes and a tablespoon or so of the potato starch if the sauce has too much liquid. Add salt to taste. Remove from the heat. Separate half the mushroom mixture to fill the chicken breasts. Place 1/4 of this mixture on one end of each breast and roll like a jelly roll on the diagonal so both ends are filled. Bake in a preheated, 4 <END>
INPUT: Mexican, sorbet, tomatoes, tomato juice, olive oil, Juice lime, hot sauce
OUTPUT: TITLE: Avocado with Savory Tomato Sorbet and Chips | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 4 large ripe tomatoes, chopped; 3/4 cup tomato juice; 1/4 cup plus 1/2 teaspoon olive oil, divided; Juice of 1 lime; 1 teaspoon hot sauce (preferably Tabasco); 1/2 teaspoon sea salt, divided; 1 small onion, diced; 2 ripe avocados; Olive oil cooking spray; 1 small lime, peeled, membranes removed from segments, and segments diced; 8 baked corn chips, crushed; 12 leaves cilantro, roughly chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: Blend tomatoes, tomato juice, 1/2 teaspoon oil, lime juice and hot sauce with 1/2 cup water in a blender or food processor until smooth. Strain through a fine-mesh sieve; discard solids. Add 1/4 teaspoon salt. Freeze in an ice cream maker, as directed by manufacturer. Store in freezer. Heat remaining 1/4 cup oil in a medium saucepan over medium heat. Cook onion until tender, about 10 minutes. Reduce heat to low; cook 10 minutes more. Remove from heat; cool to room temperature. Blend in a blender until smooth. Strain through a fine-mesh sieve; discard solids. Set aside. Slice avocado thinly and <END>
INPUT: potato, Vanilla ice cream, pecan bits, food coloring, powdered sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Ice Cream Baked Potato | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Vanilla ice cream, softened; 1 cup pecan bits, roasted; 1 teaspoon green food coloring; 4 ounces (1 stick) sweet butter, softened; 1/4 cup powdered sugar; 1 tablespoon yellow food coloring; Chocolate sauce, recipe follows; 1 cup cocoa powder, for dusting; 2 cups whipped cream; 1 cup chocolate chips; 1/4 cup heavy cream; 1 tablespoon butter | INSTRUCTIONS: Form Potato: Take 3 generous scoops of vanilla ice cream and place in aluminum foil. Mold to shape of baked potato and return to freezer until firm, about 1 hour. Make Chives: Mix roasted pecan bits with green food coloring until well coated. Make Butter Patty: In mixer, cream butter with powdered sugar and add yellow food coloring. Spread 1/4-inch thick on foil-lined pan and freeze about 20 minutes. Remove and cut in 1-inch pats. Assembly: Spoon a generous amount of chocolate sauce on the bottom of a dessert plate. Unwrap frozen "potato" and dust with cocoa powder all over. Spoon whipped crea <END>
INPUT: bruschetta, loaf bread, virgin olive oil, garlic, duck livers, shallots
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fresh Duck Liver Bruschetta | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 large loaf bread, either a round country boule or baguette style; 1/2 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 2 garlic cloves, peeled; 2 pounds fresh duck livers, cleaned of any green bile (fresh chicken livers may be substituted); 3 tablespoons finely diced shallots; 4 tablespoons sugar; 1/2 cup balsamic vinegar; 1/4 cup chopped parsley leaves; Salt and pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Begin by preheating an oven to 350 degrees F. Slice the bread into 1/4-inch thick slices, cutting the boule in half first. Lightly brush each piece of bread with olive oil, on both sides, before placing onto a cookie sheet and toasting lightly in the oven. Toast both sides evenly, turning halfway through. Remove from the oven and rub each piece of toast or bruschetta with the garlic, to flavor the bread. Place the bruschetti near the oven to keep warm while you make the livers. Heat the remaining olive oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Add the cleaned livers to the pan and sear over hig <END>
INPUT: Italian, puttanesca, Kosher salt, linguine, virgin olive oil, garlic, pepper flakes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Linguine with Tuna Puttanesca | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: Kosher salt; 12 ounces linguine; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 4 cloves garlic, thinly sliced; 1/4 to 1/2 teaspoon red pepper flakes; 2 tablespoons capers, drained; 1/2 cup roughly chopped kalamata olives; 1 28 -ounce can San Marzano plum tomatoes; 4 basil leaves, torn, plus more for garnish; 1 5 -ounce can albacore tuna, packed in olive oil; Freshly ground pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add the linguine and cook until al dente. Meanwhile, heat the olive oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Add the garlic and red pepper flakes and cook, stirring, until slightly toasted, 1 to 2 minutes. Add the capers and olives and fry 2 more minutes. Crush the tomatoes into the skillet with your hands and reserve the juices. Cook until the tomatoes are slightly dry, about 2 minutes. Add the reserved tomato juices, the basil, and salt to taste and cook until the sauce thickens, 1 to 2 minutes. Add the tuna with its oil, breaking it up with a for <END>
INPUT: florentine, sandwiches, sugar, heavy whipping cream, all purpose flour, almonds
OUTPUT: TITLE: Almond Florentine and Black Raspberry Chip Ice Cream Sandwiches | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup (1/2 stick) unsalted butter; 6 tablespoons sugar; 1/4 cup heavy whipping cream; 2 tablespoons plus 1 teaspoon all purpose flour; 3/4 cup sliced almonds; 1 pint black raspberry chip ice cream or other raspberry-flavored ice cream | INSTRUCTIONS: Position rack in center of oven and preheat to 350°F. Line 2 large rimmed baking sheets with parchment paper. Melt butter in medium saucepan over medium-low heat. Mix in sugar, cream, and flour, then almonds. Stir until batter thickens, bubbles at edges, and leaves dry path when spoon is drawn through, about 10 minutes. Remove from heat. Drop 1 rounded teaspoonful batter for each cookie (about 24 total) onto prepared sheets, spacing mounds 2 to 3 inches apart. Bake cookies, 1 sheet at a time, until golden brown, turning sheet after 8 minutes, about 16 minutes total. Cool cookies completely on  <END>
INPUT: Asian, butter, pre chicken wings, Garlic salt, Teriyaki sauce, cheese dressing
OUTPUT: TITLE: Teriyaki Wings | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 stick of butter; 2 pounds pre-cut chicken wings; Garlic salt; 1 1/2 cups Teriyaki sauce; Blue cheese dressing; Pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 400 degrees. Melt butter in a baking pan. Snip off wing tips and discard or save for another use. Find joint and cut wings in two. Season wings with garlic salt and pepper. Place in pan and bake until golden brown, about 30 - 40 minutes. Pour Teriyaki sauce over golden wings and toss to coat. Bake for 20 minutes more, turning frequently. Serve with blue cheese dressing on side. <END>
INPUT: Italian, onion, bell pepper, virgin olive oil, roasted peppers, prosciutto other ham
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pasta with Prosciutto, Peppers, and Herbs | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 small red onion, chopped fine; 1 yellow bell pepper, chopped fine; 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; a 7-ounce jar roasted red peppers, drained and chopped fine; 3/4 cup finely chopped prosciutto or other ham (about 3 ounces); 1/2 pound gigi del gargano (ruffle-edged, cone-shaped pasta) or rotini (spiral pasta); 1 cup packed mixed fresh herbs such as basil, mint, and parsley leaves, chopped fine; lemon wedges as an accompaniment; freshly grated Parmesan cheese as an accompaniment | INSTRUCTIONS: In a heavy skillet cook onion and yellow pepper in 1 tablespoon oil over moderately low heat, stirring, until softened and stir in red peppers and ham. In a kettle of salted boiling water cook pasta until al dente and drain well. In a bowl toss pasta with pepper mixture, remaining 2 tablespoons oil, herbs, and salt and pepper to taste. Serve pasta with lemon and Parmesan. In a heavy skillet cook onion and yellow pepper in 1 tablespoon oil over moderately low heat, stirring, until softened and stir in red peppers and ham. In a kettle of salted boiling water cook pasta until al dente and drain w <END>
INPUT: Asian, oyster sauce, sugar, sesame oil, olive oil, tofu
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spicy Asian Eggplant with Tofu and Red Pepper | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1 tbsp oyster sauce; 1 tsp sugar; 1 tsp toasted sesame oil; 1 tbsp olive oil; 10 oz tofu, cut into 1-inch cubes; 2 tsp minced fresh garlic; 3 red chiles, cored, seeded and cut into very thin slices; 1 red bell pepper, cored, seeded and cut into 1/2-inch squares; 4 Asian eggplants, cut diagonally into 1/2-inch-thick slices | INSTRUCTIONS: In a bowl, mix oyster sauce, sugar, and sesame oil; set aside. Heat tbsp olive oil in a large pan or nonstick wok over medium-high heat. Sauté tofu about 5 minutes, browning on all sides. Remove from pan. Reduce heat to low and add remaining tbsp olive oil, garlic, and chiles; sauté until soft, about 4 minutes. Add bell pepper and eggplant. Raise heat to medium. Stir-fry 10 minutes, flipping eggplant after 5 minutes to cook on each side. Add oyster sauce mixture; stir well. Add tofu to pan and mix. Serve immediately. In a bowl, mix oyster sauce, sugar, and sesame oil; set aside. Heat tbsp oliv <END>
INPUT: Italian, drop, soup, olive oil, carrots, spring onions, spring garlic bulbs, Kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spring Egg-Drop Soup | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup olive oil; 2 medium carrots, peeled, chopped; 6 small spring onions, bulbs only, coarsely chopped (about 1 1/2 cups); 3 medium spring garlic bulbs, 1-2 garlic scapes, or 2 regular garlic cloves, thinly sliced; Kosher salt; 4 cups low-sodium chicken broth; 1/2 pound asparagus, sliced on a diagonal 1/2" thick; 1/4 pound sugar snap peas, sliced on a diagonal 1/4" thick; 2/3 cup shelled fresh peas (from about 2/3 pound pods); 2 large eggs; 1 tablespoon grated Parmesan plus more for serving; 1/4 cup torn fresh basil leaves; 1/4 cup torn fresh mint leaves; 1 1/2 teaspoons (or more) fresh lemon juice | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat oil in a large heavy pot over medium heat. Add carrots, spring onions, and garlic and season with salt. Reduce heat to medium-low, cover, and cook, stirring occasionally, until vegetables are soft, 15-20 minutes. Add broth and bring to a boil. Add asparagus, sugar snap peas, and peas and cook until vegetables are crisp-tender, about 3 minutes. Meanwhile, beat eggs in a small bowl with 1 tablespoon Parmesan, a pinch of salt, and 1 tablespoon water. Reduce heat to low and stir basil and mint into soup. Drizzle in egg mixture in 4 or 5 spots around pot. Let stand for 1 minute so egg can set, <END>
INPUT: Asian, potstickers, chicken, garlic, ginger, shallots, chunky peanut butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken Potstickers | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound ground chicken; 2 tablespoons garlic, minced; 2 tablespoons fresh ginger, minced; 2 tablespoons shallots, minced; 1 cup chunky peanut butter; 1/4 cup brown sugar; 2 tablespoons Thai hot chili paste; 2 tablespoons fresh basil leaves, chopped; 2 tablespoons fresh cilantro leaves, chopped; 30 wonton wrappers; 1 small bottle Thai sweet chili sauce; 1/4 cup rice wine vinegar; 1/2 cup sugar; 1/4 cup cilantro leaves, chopped; 1/4 fresh mint leaves, chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: food processor In a hot pan saute ground chicken, garlic, ginger and shallots together until the chicken is thoroughly cooked. Drain off the excess fat and mix the chicken together in a bowl with the peanut butter, brown sugar, chili paste, basil and cilantro. Chill the mixture, and then wrap in wonton wrappers. Bring the edges into a corner or simply fold into triangles, using a dab of water to "glue" the edges. In a pot fitted with a steamer basket, bring 1 to 2 inches of water to a boil. Steam the pot stickers in the steamer basket for 8 to 10 minutes until the wrappers a <END>
INPUT: kalua, wrapped, Liquid Smoke, Hawaiian sea salt, pork butt, taro leaves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lau Lau (Kalua Pork with Butterfish Wrapped in Taro Leaves) | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 ounces Liquid Smoke; 2 ounces Hawaiian sea salt; 6 pounds boneless pork butt, cut into 2-inch cubes (leave the fat on); 72 ounces taro leaves; Nonstick cooking spray; 12 ounces butterfish (black cod), cut into 2-ounce pieces (leave the skin on) | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine 2 cups water with the Liquid Smoke and sea salt in a large bowl. Add the pork butt and let marinate in the refrigerator for 24 hours. Cut the stems off the taro leaves and soak the leaves in a large bowl or salad spinner filled with water for 20 minutes. Rinse the leaves, then repeat soaking for 20 minutes and rinse again. Place a 14-inch square of foil on a work surface and spray with nonstick cooking spray. Place 1 taro leaf on the foil, then center about 12 ounces of the pork butt and 2 ounces of the butterfish on top (overlap several taro leaves if necessary to fit). Wrap the taro  <END>
INPUT: boilermaker, vegetable oil, onion, garlic, chili sauce, beer
OUTPUT: TITLE: Boilermaker Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons vegetable oil; 1 medium onion, finely chopped; 2 large garlic cloves, minced; 1 12-ounce bottle chili sauce; 3/4 cup beer; 1/4 cup unsulfured (light) molasses; 3 tablespoons cider vinegar; 3 tablespoons bourbon whiskey; 1 1/2 teaspoons Worcestershire sauce; 1/2 teaspoon hot pepper sauce (such as Tabasco) | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat oil in heavy medium saucepan over medium heat. Add onion and garlic; sauté until tender, about 8 minutes. Reduce heat. Add chili sauce, beer, molasses, vinegar, bourbon and Worcestershire sauce. Simmer until reduced to 2 cups, stirring occasionally, about 25 minutes. Stir in hot pepper sauce. (can be made up to 1 month ahead. Cover; chill.) Heat oil in heavy medium saucepan over medium heat. Add onion and garlic; sauté until tender, about 8 minutes. Reduce heat. Add chili sauce, beer, molasses, vinegar, bourbon and Worcestershire sauce. Simmer until reduced to 2 cups, stirring occasionall <END>
INPUT: virgin olive oil, bulk Italian hot, Salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spicy Sausage, Chicken and Bean Pot | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, 2 turns of the pan; 3/4 pound bulk Italian hot sausage; 3/4 pound, 1 package, andouille sausage, cut into 1-inch lengths on an angle; 1 1/2 pounds boneless, skinless chicken thighs, cut into large chunks; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 large onion, quartered and thinly sliced; 2 carrots, shredded; 3 to 4 ribs celery from the heart, thinly sliced; 1 fresh bay leaf; 2 (15-ounce) cans white cannellini beans; 5 to 6 fresh sage leaves, thinly sliced; 1 cup dry white wine; 2 cups chicken stock; 1/2 loaf baguette; 3 tablespoons butter, melted | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat a Dutch oven over medium-high heat with extra-virgin olive oil. Crumble the Italian sausage into large pieces, add to Dutch oven and begin to brown, about 2 to 3 minutes. Add the andouille and crisp at edges, 2 to 3 minutes. Remove browned sausages to a paper towel lined plate and add chicken, season with salt and pepper. Lightly brown chicken a couple of minutes on each side then add veggies and bay leaf, add more salt and pepper and cook 7 to 8 minutes more to soften veggies. Add sausages back to the pan along with the beans and sage. Deglaze with wine and stir in the stock. Turn broile <END>
INPUT: cake, sugar, eggs, yolks, lemon zest
OUTPUT: TITLE: Plum Cake | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 cup (1 1/2 sticks) unsalted butter, softened; 1 1/4 cups brown sugar; 3 eggs; 2 yolks; 1 1/2 teaspoons lemon zest; 1 1/2 teaspoons vanilla extract; 2 cups all-purpose flour; 2 teaspoons baking powder; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 18 Italian plums, cut in half and pitted; 1 1/4 cups all-purpose flour; 1/2 cup sugar; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 1/2 teaspoon cinnamon; 1/2 cup (1 stick) unsalted butter, melted | INSTRUCTIONS: To make the cake: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Grease an 8-inch springform pan with butter. In a stand mixer fitted with a paddle attachment, cream together the butter and brown sugar, until light and fluffy, about 3 minutes. Add the eggs, one at a time, scraping down the bowl after each. Mix in the zest and vanilla. In a separate bowl whisk together the flour, baking powder and salt. Add the dry ingredients to the butter/sugar mixture and mix on low speed until just combined. Spread half of the batter into the prepared pan. Place half of the cut plums on the batter, cut-side up. Spread the  <END>
INPUT: matecumbe, Spanish onion, capers, shallots, tomatoes, basil leaves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fish Matecumbe | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 Spanish onion, chopped; One 8-ounce jar capers; 5 shallots, peeled and chopped; 5 tomatoes, chopped; 1/4 cup chopped basil leaves; 1/2 tablespoon salt; 1/2 tablespoon ground black pepper; 2 lemons, juiced; 1 cup olive oil; 8 individual fish fillets of your choice; Salt and pepper; Serving suggestion: rice | INSTRUCTIONS: To a medium bowl, add all ingredients except fish and stir to thoroughly combine. Refrigerate until ready to use; it is best to let flavors blend for at least 1 hour in the refrigerator. Preheat the broiler and position the oven rack so that it is at least 4 inches from the broiler, but no more than 6 inches. Place fish fillets on a baking sheet and then season fish with salt and pepper. Place under the broiler and cook until done on 1 side. Watch carefully, as it may only take a couple minutes, depending on the thickness of your fish fillets and the proximity to the broiler. Remove from broil <END>
INPUT: salad, Peanut oil, russet potatoes, Salt pepper, Dijon mustard, mayonnaise
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fried Potato Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Peanut oil, for frying; 2 pounds russet potatoes, cut into 1/2-inch cubes; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard; 1/3 cup mayonnaise; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh dill; 3 tablespoons capers; 1/2 red onion, finely chopped; 2 stalks celery, finely diced | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. In a deep-fryer or heavy-bottomed pot, heat enough oil to come halfway up the sides of the pot, to 350 degrees F. Add the potatoes to the hot oil and fry until golden and crisp, about 5 minutes. Remove from the fryer to a paper towel lined sheet tray to drain. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. While the potatoes are frying, mix together the mustard, mayonnaise, dill, and capers in a small bowl. Add the fried potatoes to a large serving bowl. Toss in the red onion and celery, then gently fold in the mayonnaise dressing. Season with more salt and pepper, if ne <END>
INPUT: sticky, package, Canola oil cook, scallops, Salt pepper taste, cilantro leaves, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Seared Scallops with Hot Garlic Oil and Chinese Sausage Sticky Rice Package | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Canola oil to cook; 12 large scallops (U-8); Salt and black pepper to taste; 1/4 cup cilantro leaves; 16 cloves of garlic, thinly sliced; 1/2 cup peanut oil (Lion and Globe brand); 3 cups sushi rice; Water to cover rice; 1/4 cup dried scallops; 2 diced lapchang, (Chinese sausage); 1/2 cup sliced scallions; 1/3 cup oyster sauce; 1/4 cup chopped cilantro; Salt and white pepper to taste; 4 lotus or banana leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: In a hot saute pan, add a little oil and caramelize the seasoned scallops. Use 3 scallops per package. Plate on top of opened package and garnish with cilantro leaves and flash with garlic oil.; In a saucepan, heat oil. Add garlic and cook until garlic is light brown. Immediately spoon on top of scallops.; Using the bowl of a rice cooker, wash rice until clear and fill water to mount Fuji (about 1 inch over the rice level). Add dried scallops and cook rice as normal about 1 hour. When rice is done, put into a large stainless steel bowl to cool. Pull out the scallops and shred them by hand. Add <END>
INPUT: mousse, semisweet chocolate chips, very, agave, unsweetened cocoa powder, pure vanilla extract
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate-Avocado Mousse | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup semisweet chocolate chips, such as Ghirardelli; 4 very ripe (8 ounce) avocados, peeled and pitted; 1/2 cup agave; 1/2 cup unsweetened cocoa powder; 1 tablespoon pure vanilla extract; 1/4 teaspoon fine salt; Fresh raspberries, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Place the chocolate chips in a small bowl. Place over a small saucepan of barely simmering water. Stir until the chocolate is melted and smooth, about 3 minutes. Set aside to cool slightly. Place the melted chocolate, avocados, agave, cocoa powder, vanilla and salt in a food processor. Blend until smooth and creamy, scraping the sides of the bowl as needed. Spoon into glasses and refrigerate for at least 3 hours (can be prepared 1 day in advance). Garnish with fresh raspberries and serve. <END>
INPUT: gingerbread, cake, vegetable oil, sugar, molasses, eggs
OUTPUT: TITLE: Gingerbread Cake with Brandy Sauce and Whipped Orange Flower Cream | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Cooking spray; 1 cup vegetable oil; 1 cup white sugar; 1 cup molasses; 2 large eggs; 1 tablespoon freshly grated gingerroot; 3 cups all-purpose flour; 2 teaspoons ground cinnamon; 1 teaspoon salt; 1/4 teaspoon ground cloves; 1 cup water; 1 tablespoon baking soda; 1 pint whipping cream; 1 teaspoon orange flower water; 1 tablespoon powdered sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: Line 24 cupcake tins with foil liners in your choice of colors (red and green are pretty for the holidays). Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. In a large bowl, whisk together the oil, sugar, molasses. Add the eggs and whisk until smooth. Stir in ginger In another large bowl, whisk together the flour, cinnamon, salt, and cloves. Whisk the molasses mixture into the flour mixture until evenly combined. In a small saucepan, bring the water to a boil. Remove from the heat and stir in the baking soda. Whisk the hot water into the batter until just combined. Transfer the batter into the prepared tins <END>
INPUT: stove, butter, molasses, fairly pears, lemon, apple cider
OUTPUT: TITLE: Stove Top Roasted Pears with Dulce de Leche | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons butter; 1 tablespoon molasses; 4 large fairly firm pears (preferably Bosc or Anjou); 1 lemon, juiced; 2 cups apple cider, divided; Dulce de Leche, recipe follows; Salt; Grated dark chocolate, for garnish; 1 pint whole milk; 16 ounces granulated sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: a cast iron skillet large enough to hold 8 pear halves In a cast iron skillet large enough to hold the pear halves, add the butter and molasses and begin to "melt" it over low heat. Meanwhile, put the pears on a flat surface, peel and halve them lengthwise. Use a small spoon to scoop out the center part of each half that contains the seeds and tough, fibrous flesh. Sprinkle the pears with lemon juice. When the butter and molasses are melted, add the pears and cook for 2 minutes and then flip. Add about 1 cup of cider to the pan and allow the pears to simmer until they start  <END>
INPUT: salad, carrots, lemon juice, garlic, cumin, cayenne pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Carrot Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 large carrots, peeled; 1/4 cup fresh lemon juice; 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped; 2 teaspoons ground cumin; 1/2 teaspoon cayenne pepper; 1 teaspoon salt, plus more for water; 1/4 cup olive oil; 1/4 cup finely chopped flat-leaf parsley | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add the whole carrots (cut them in half if they don't fit in the pot) and cook until just cooked through, about 8 to 10 minutes. Drain and cut carrots into 1/2-inch thick slices. Whisk together the lemon juice, garlic, cumin, cayenne, and salt in a large bowl. Slowly drizzle in the olive oil until emulsified and stir in the parsley. Add the cooked carrots and toss to combine. Serve cold or at room temperature. <END>
INPUT: Asian, salad, dressing, grapeseed oil vegetable, miso, sugar, bottled yuzu juice, Japanese cucumbers
OUTPUT: TITLE: Japanese Cucumber Salad with Miso Dressing | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons grapeseed oil or vegetable oil; 2 tablespoons red miso; 1 tablespoon sugar; 1 tablespoon bottled yuzu juice; 4 Japanese cucumbers, cut into 1/2-inch-wide sticks; 4 radishes, thinly sliced; 1 teaspoon toasted sesame seeds; cup dried shaved bonito flakes (optional) | INSTRUCTIONS: Whisk first 4 ingredients in small bowl to blend. Divide cucumber sticks among plates in single layer. Drizzle dressing over cucumbers, then divide radishes, sesame seeds, and bonito flakes among salads, and serve. Whisk first 4 ingredients in small bowl to blend. Divide cucumber sticks among plates in single layer. Drizzle dressing over cucumbers, then divide radishes, sesame seeds, and bonito flakes among salads, and serve. <END>
INPUT: memphis, battered, all purpose flour, cornmeal, cayenne pepper, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Memphis Cornmeal Battered Cod | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup all-purpose flour; 1 cup cornmeal; 1 teaspoon cayenne pepper; 2 tablespoons sugar; 1 (16-ounce) ice cold beer; 2 tablespoon honey; Peanut oil; 6 (6-ounce) cod fillets; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; Tartar Sauce, recipe follows; 1 1/2 cups mayonnaise; 2 tablespoons hot pepper relish, jarred; 1/2 lemon, juiced; 1 tablespoon freshly chopped parsley leaves; Pinch cayenne pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large bowl, add flour, cornmeal, cayenne and sugar and mix together. Whisk in cold beer and honey until well incorporated and free of lumps. Preheat deep-fryer to 375 degrees F. with peanut oil. Season cod with salt and pepper and dredge in batter. Allow excess batter to drip off and place gently into the deep-fryer. Fry for 6 to 8 minutes until golden, crisp and delicious. Drain on paper towels. Place cod on a large serving platter or individual places and serve with Tartar Sauce. In a small bowl, mix all ingredients together. <END>
INPUT: apples, caraway seeds, vegetable oil, baby bok choy, kosher salt, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sausage with Sauerkraut, Apples, and Bok Choy | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 teaspoon caraway seeds; 2 tablespoons plus 3 teaspoons vegetable oil, such as grapeseed, divided; 1 pound baby bok choy, heads trimmed and quartered lengthwise; 1 teaspoon kosher salt, divided; 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, divided; 1 Honeycrisp or Gala apple, sliced into 1/4-inch wedges; 8 links fresh sausage (about 2 pounds), such as hot or sweet Italian sausage; 2 1/2 cups prepared sauerkraut, drained; 1/2 cup low-sodium chicken broth; 1 tablespoon cider vinegar; 1 tablespoon unsalted butter; Grainy Dijon mustard, for serving | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large dry skillet over medium heat, lightly toast the caraway seeds until fragrant, 1 to 2 minutes. Scrape out and reserve seeds. Add 1 tablespoon oil to the skillet and heat over medium-high heat. Working in two to three batches, sear bok choy on all sides until lightly browned, 2 to 3 minutes per cut side. Add 1/4 teaspoon salt, 1/8 teaspoon pepper to each batch, and 1 teaspoon oil to sear each subsequent batch of bok choy. Add 1 teaspoon oil to the skillet and sauté apples with 1/4 teaspoon salt and 1/8 teaspoon pepper until softened but still holding their shape, 5 to 7 minutes. Reser <END>
INPUT: bread, cornmeal, all purpose flour, sugar, sage, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Corn Bread with Sun-Dried Tomatoes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 cups yellow cornmeal; 1 1/2 cups all purpose flour; 1/2 cup sugar; 1 tablespoon dried rubbed sage; 1 tablespoon ground black pepper; 1 1/2 teaspoons salt; 1 1/2 teaspoons baking powder; 3/4 teaspoon baking soda; 2 1/4 cups buttermilk; 1 cup chopped drained oil-packed sun-dried tomatoes, 1/4 cup oil reserved; 1/2 cup (1 stick) butter, melted, cooled; 4 large eggs; 1 large egg yolk | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 400°F. Butter two 9 1/2-inch-diameter deep-dish pie dishes. Combine cornmeal, flour, sugar, sage, pepper, salt, baking powder and baking soda in large bowl and whisk to blend. Combine buttermilk, sun-dried tomatoes, reserved sun-dried tomato oil, butter, eggs and egg yolk in medium bowl and whisk to blend. Stir buttermilk mixture into dry ingredients. Divide corn bread batter between prepared dishes. Bake corn breads until tops begin to brown and tester inserted into center comes out clean, about 30 minutes. Cool slightly. (Corn breads can be prepared 6 hours ahead. Cool comple <END>
INPUT: American, crustless, unsalted butter, Golden Delicious apples, cinnamon, sugar, orange
OUTPUT: TITLE: Crustless Apple Pie with Vanilla Ice Cream | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon unsalted butter; 4 Golden Delicious apples, peeled, cored, cut into 16ths; 1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 2 tablespoons brown sugar; 1 orange, juiced; Vanilla ice cream | INSTRUCTIONS: In a medium heated skillet add the butter then add the apples. Cook for about 2 to 5 minutes then add the cinnamon, brown sugar and orange juice. Swirl the apples around to make sure they all get coated. Cook another 5 minutes until apples are soft and caramelize. Serve warm with scoop of vanilla ice cream. <END>
INPUT: American, souffle, milk, bay leaf, onion, paprika, Parmesan cheese
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cheese and Herb Souffle | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup/250 g milk; 1 bay leaf; 1/2 small onion, peeled; Pinch paprika; Grated Parmesan cheese, for dusting the dish; 1 1/2 tablespoons butter; 1 1/2 tablespoons flour; 3 eggs, separated plus 1 egg white; 3 ounces/100 g cheese, grated or mashed; 1 generous tablespoon chopped fresh herbs; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; Branch fresh rosemary, cut in 3 | INSTRUCTIONS: Put the milk with the bay leaf, onion, and pinch of paprika in a saucepan and bring just to the boil. Turn off the heat, cover, and set aside to infuse 10 minutes. Remove the bay leaf. Heat the oven to 400 degrees F. Butter 8 (1/2-cup/125 ml) ramekins or 1 (4-cup/1 liter) souffle dish, and dust with the grated Parmesan cheese. In a clean saucepan, melt the butter. Whisk in the flour and cook 1 minute. Gradually whisk over the milk, and cook, stirring, until thick, about 5 minutes. Remove from the heat and beat in the yolks. Stir through the cheese and herbs. Season well with salt and pepper. B <END>
INPUT: Italian, gnocchi, mashed potatoes, basil, egg, pecorino cheese, Kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Basil Gnocchi | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cups instant mashed potatoes; 1 cup packed fresh basil, plus more for garnish; 1 large egg, beaten; 1/4 cup grated pecorino cheese, plus more for garnish; Kosher salt; 1 cup all-purpose flour, plus more for dusting; 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 1/4 cup pine nuts; Kosher salt; 3 shallots, diced; 3 cloves garlic, minced; 1/4 cup dry white wine; 2 pounds heirloom tomatoes, cut into pieces; Freshly ground pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Make the gnocchi: Mix the instant potatoes with 1 cup hot water in a bowl using a fork; set aside until the potatoes absorb the liquid, 3 minutes. Meanwhile, puree the basil and 1/4 cup cold water in a blender until smooth. Stir the basil puree, egg, pecorino and 1 tablespoon salt into the potato mixture. Mound 3/4 cup flour on a surface; add the potato mixture and knead together until smooth, gradually adding the remaining 1/4 cup flour. Divide the dough into 3 portions; roll each into a 1-inch-diameter log (dust with flour, if needed). Cut each log into 1/2-inch pieces; place on a parchment- <END>
INPUT: salad, lemon, wine, Prince Edward Island, balsamic dressing, parsley leaves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mussel Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 lemon, juiced; 1/4 cup white wine; 1 pound Prince Edward Island Mussels; 1/2 cup balsamic dressing; 1 tablespoon minced fresh parsley leaves; 1 teaspoon minced fresh thyme leaves; 1 cup chopped sun-dried tomatoes; 1 cup fresh spinach; 1/4 cup crumbled feta cheese; 1/2 cup cooked corn kernels; Salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large saute pan over medium-high heat, add lemon juice, white wine, and the mussels. Cook until the liquid dissolves. Reduce the heat to low, add balsamic dressing, parsley, thyme, and tomatoes. Continue to cook on low heat for 3 to 4 minutes, stirring to prevent the dressing from separating. Remove the pan from the heat, and allow the mussel mixture to cool. Add the mussels and sauce, the spinach, feta, and the corn to a large serving bowl. Season with salt and pepper, to taste, toss and serve. <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, wrapped, Stilton cheese, Mission figs, prosciutto, phyllo pastry
OUTPUT: TITLE: Phyllo-Wrapped Figs with Prosciutto and Stilton | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 16 teaspoons Stilton cheese (about 4 ounces); 32 dried black Mission figs; 4 6x4-inch thin prosciutto slices, cut lengthwise in half; 8 sheets fresh phyllo pastry or frozen, thawed; 3/4 cup (1 1/2 sticks) unsalted butter, melted; 2 cups ruby Port; 1/4 cup balsamic vinegar; 2 tablespoons sugar; 1 1/2 cups whipping cream; 4 1/2 tablespoons pine nuts, toasted | INSTRUCTIONS: Form 2 teaspoons cheese into 1-inch-long log. Place 4 dried figs around cheese and press gently to adhere. Wrap 1 prosciutto strip around fig bundle. Repeat with remaining cheese, figs, and prosciutto. Place 1 phyllo sheet on work surface (keep remaining phyllo covered with plastic wrap and damp towel). Brush phyllo lightly with melted butter. Top with second phyllo sheet; brush with butter. Repeat with 2 more phyllo sheets. Cut stacked phyllo sheets into four 6-inch squares (discard phyllo trimmings). Place 1 fig bundle in center of 1 phyllo square stack. Bring all edges of phyllo square up t <END>
INPUT: matchstick, Peanut canola oil, oval Idaho potatoes, Sea salt kosher, flat leaf parsley
OUTPUT: TITLE: Matchstick Potatoes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Peanut or canola oil; 3 large oval Idaho potatoes, peeled; Sea salt or kosher salt; Minced fresh flat-leaf parsley (optional) | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Pour at least 1 inch of oil into a deep pot and heat it to 350 degrees F. Slice the potatoes into thin matchsticks (1/8-inch thick) with a vegetable slicer or mandoline, dropping them into a bowl of cold water as you cut. Drain the potatoes and dry them thoroughly with paper towels. Drop the potatoes in batches into the hot oil and cook for 3 to 5 minutes, until golden brown. Remove from the pot with a wire basket skimmer or slotted spoon and drain on paper towels. Place on a baking sheet, sprinkle with salt, and keep warm in the oven while you cook the rest  <END>
INPUT: Italian, pancakes, chunky, all purpose flour, granulated sugar, baking powder, cinnamon, Kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pumpkin-Ricotta Pancakes with Chunky Apple-Raisin Sauce | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups all-purpose flour; 3/4 cup granulated sugar; 1 heaping teaspoon baking powder; 1/2 teaspoon cinnamon; Kosher salt; 1 cup pumpkin puree; 1 cup ricotta; 3/4 cup whole milk; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; 4 large eggs, separated; Unsalted butter, as needed; Powdered sugar, optional; 5 tablespoons unsalted butter; 4 Granny Smith apples, peeled and cut into 1/2-inch dice, and tossed with the juice of 1 lemon; 3/4 cup apple cider | INSTRUCTIONS: For the pancakes: Preheat the oven to 200 degrees F. In a large bowl, combine the flour, granulated sugar, baking powder, cinnamon and a pinch of salt. Make a hole in the center of the flour mixture and add the pumpkin, ricotta, milk, vanilla and egg yolks and mix gently to combine. In a medium bowl, combine the egg whites with a pinch of salt. Using a mixer or whisk, beat the egg whites until they hold stiff peaks and look very fluffy, like snowdrifts. Using a rubber spatula, scoop a third of the egg whites into the pumpkin batter and fold to gently combine. Repeat this process two more times <END>
INPUT: Mexican, pudding, milk, eggs, cornstarch, half half, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Thai Tea Pudding with Lime Caramel and Candied Cashews | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup whole milk; 2 large eggs; 1/3 cup cornstarch; 1 quart half-and-half; 1 cup sugar; 1/4 cup dried Thai tea mix*; 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt; Lime Caramel; Candied Cashews; Lime Whipped Cream | INSTRUCTIONS: Whisk the milk, eggs, and cornstarch together in a medium mixing bowl. Combine the half-and-half, sugar, Thai tea mix, and salt in a medium saucepan, and bring to a boil over medium-high heat, 5 to 6 minutes. Pour the mixture through a fine-mesh strainer into a bowl, and then slowly whisk it into the egg mixture until well incorporated. Wash the saucepan and then return it to the stove. Pour the tea-egg mixture back into the pan and cook over medium-low heat, whisking constantly and scraping the sides and bottom of the pan so that the ingredients don't stick and burn, until the mixture is noti <END>
INPUT: celery, onion, bell pepper, California seedless grapes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Stuffed Sole Fillets with Crab and Grapes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound (1 1/2 cups) crab meat, flaked and free of shell fragments; 2 tablespoons minced celery; 2 tablespoons thinly sliced green onion; 2 tablespoons minced red bell pepper; 1/2 cup green California seedless grapes, coarsely chopped; 3 tablespoons mayonnaise; 1/2 teaspoon "Old Bay" seasoning salt; 1 cup seasoned dry breadcrumbs; 1 pound (4, 4 oz. size) sole fillets; 1 cup seasoned bread crumbs; 2 tablespoons butter; 1 tablespoon olive oil; Lemon-Grape Butter Sauce:; /em; 1/2 cup low sodium chicken broth | INSTRUCTIONS: In medium bowl combine crabmeat, celery, green onions, bell pepper, grapes, mayonnaise, "Old Bay" seasoning and 1/4 cup breadcrumbs. Stir until combined. Place sole fillets on cutting board. Divide stuffing between fillets and form stuffing into 1/2 inch thick patties in the center of each fillet. Fold fillet around stuffing, so that the ends of the fillet just meet. You should have a bundle that looks like a fish-wrapped crab cake. Dredge each bundle in remaining breadcrumbs and pat lightly to adhere crumbs. In non-stick frying pan heat butter and olive oil over medium-low heat. Place fillets <END>
INPUT: curd, crumbs, sugar, egg yolks, lemon juice, lemon zest, rosemary leaves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lemon Curd over Biscotti Crumbs with Fresh Berries | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/3 cup sugar; 9 large egg yolks, room temperature; 2/3 cup fresh-squeezed lemon juice; 1 tablespoon grated lemon zest; 2 teaspoons rosemary leaves (*See Cook's Note); 8 tablespoons unsalted butter, in small pieces and at room temperature; 3 cups mixed berries (2 pints, different kinds); 1 1/3 cups crumbled biscotti | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. For the lemon curd: In the top of a double boiler, whisk the sugar and the egg yolks until sugar has dissolved and mixture is pale yellow, then whisk in lemon juice and zest. Set the bowl over simmering water and whisk constantly until mixture reaches 145 degrees F; it will visibly thicken but don't let it get too hot or the eggs will curdle. Remove the bowl from the heat and add the rosemary and butter a little at a time, whisking until each addition is incorporated and the curd becomes thick. Transfer to a bowl, cool and then refrigerate until well chilled. Div <END>
INPUT: American, pizza crust, BBQ sauce, BBQ pork, corn, pickled jalapeno rings
OUTPUT: TITLE: BBQ Pizza | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 store bought pizza crust; 6 tablespoons BBQ sauce; 1 cup cooked BBQ pork, diced or shredded; 1/2 cup frozen corn, defrosted; 2 tablespoons pickled jalapeno rings; 1 1/2 cups shredded Monterey jack cheese; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 450 degrees F. Roll out the pizza dough and place on a pizza pan or large baking sheet. Spread the BBQ sauce all over crust. Top with the pork, corn, jalapenos and cheese. Bake 8 to 10 minutes, or until the cheese melts and the crust is golden. Top with fresh cilantro. Serve with a simple green salad. <END>
INPUT: mayonnaise, tangerine juice, tangerines, tarragon leaves, egg yolk, Salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Asparagus with Tangerine Mayonnaise | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups freshly squeezed tangerine juice; 2 tangerines; 1 tablespoon coarsely chopped fresh tarragon leaves; 1 egg yolk; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 cup pure olive oil, plus more for tossing with and brushing on asparagus; 2 large bunches asparagus, about 2 pounds total, trimmed and cooked for 2 minutes in boiling salted water, then cooled; Long curls tangerine zest, fresh or candied; Coarsely chopped toasted hazelnuts or pine nuts, optional | INSTRUCTIONS: Put the tangerine juice in a small non-reactive saucepan and bring to a boil. Cook until reduced to 1/2 cup. Let cool to room temperature. Peel the tangerines, removing all the white pith, and segment over a bowl to catch both the segments and the juices. Cover and refrigerate until very cold. Combine the reduced juice, tarragon, egg yolk, and salt and pepper, to taste, in a blender and blend until well mixed. With the machine running, add the 1 cup olive oil, at first by drops and then, as mixture emulsifies, in a thin, steady stream until all the oil is incorporated. Taste, for seasoning. Sc <END>
INPUT: doughnuts, caramel, spiced apple cider, all purpose flour
OUTPUT: TITLE: Apple Cider Doughnuts with Cider-Caramel Glaze | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 cups spiced apple cider; 1/2 cup (1 stick) unsalted butter, cut into pieces; 1/2 cup (packed) dark brown sugar; 1 cup spiced apple cider; 2 cups all-purpose flour; 1 teaspoon baking powder; 1/2 teaspoon baking soda; 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt; 1/2 cup granulated sugar; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, cut into pieces, room temperature; 1 large egg, room temperature; 1/3 cup buttermilk; 2 quarts canola oil (for frying); A 3" round cutter, 1" round cutter, deep-fry thermometer | INSTRUCTIONS: Make the Cider-Caramel Glaze: Bring cider to a boil in a large saucepan. Reduce heat and simmer until reduced to about 2 cups, 15–20 minutes. Stir in butter and brown sugar continue to simmer, stirring occasionally, until reduced to about 1 1/2 cups, about 8 minutes more. Remove from heat; glaze will thicken as it sits. Bring cider to a boil in a large saucepan. Reduce heat and simmer until reduced to about 2 cups, 15–20 minutes. Stir in butter and brown sugar continue to simmer, stirring occasionally, until reduced to about 1 1/2 cups, about 8 minutes more. Remove from heat; glaze will thicke <END>
INPUT: American, casserole, half half, chicken stock, grits, bacon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grits and Greens Casserole | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: Nonstick cooking spray, for spraying the baking dish; 2 cups half-and-half; 8 cups chicken stock; 2 cups grits, such as Quaker Old Fashioned; 6 slices bacon, cut into small pieces; 1 medium sweet onion, such as Vidalia, finely chopped; One 16-ounce package frozen collard greens, thawed; 1 3/4 cups grated Parmesan (6 ounces); 1/2 cup (1 stick) unsalted butter; 1 teaspoon kosher salt; 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 1 cup shredded Monterey jack cheese | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Spray a 9-by-13-inch baking dish with nonstick cooking spray and set aside. In a large pot or Dutch oven, combine the half-and-half and 6 cups of the chicken stock and bring to a boil over medium-high heat. Once up to a boil, stir in the grits. Bring it back up to a boil, and then reduce the heat to low and cover. Simmer, stirring frequently, until the mixture has slightly thickened (it should resemble cooked oatmeal in thickness), 10 to 15 minutes. Use a whisk to break up any lumps that have formed. Meanwhile, in a large saucep <END>
INPUT: whipped, Gorgonzola Dolce, cream cheese, heavy cream, Kosher salt, Crudités
OUTPUT: TITLE: Whipped Gorgonzola | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 ounces Gorgonzola Dolce; 4 ounces cream cheese; 3/4 cup heavy cream; Kosher salt, freshly ground pepper; Crudités (such as sliced fennel, sliced baby beets, radishes with tops, cucumbers, and small carrots with tops) and toast points (for serving) | INSTRUCTIONS: Pulse Gorgonzola, cream cheese, and cream in a food processor until smooth; season with salt and pepper. Serve with crudités and toast points alongside. Pulse Gorgonzola, cream cheese, and cream in a food processor until smooth; season with salt and pepper. Serve with crudités and toast points alongside. Do Ahead Dip can be made 5 days ahead. Cover and chill; let sit at room temperature 20 minutes before serving. Dip can be made 5 days ahead. Cover and chill; let sit at room temperature 20 minutes before serving. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, schnitzel, salsa, Granny Smith apples, celery, apple cider vinegar, honey, tarragon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Panko Schnitzel with Apple Salsa | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2 Granny Smith apples, small diced; 1 celery stalk, small diced; 1 tablespoon apple cider vinegar or white wine vinegar; 1 tablespoon honey; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh tarragon; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh mint; Kosher salt; 1 cup all-purpose flour; 2 eggs, beaten; 2 cups panko (Japanese bread crumbs); 8 thinly sliced pork loin cutlets; 1 tablespoon vegetable oil; Kosher salt | INSTRUCTIONS: For the salsa: In a bowl, combine the apples and celery. Drizzle with the vinegar and honey, and toss to incorporate. Add the tarragon and mint, and toss, and then season with salt, to taste. For the schnitzel: Put the flour, eggs and panko in 3 separate dishes. Lightly dredge the cutlets, coating both sides, 1 at a time, in the flour. Shake off the excess flour. Dip the floured cutlet in the beaten egg mixture, and allow any excess egg to drip off. Then, bread the cutlet in the panko bread crumbs. Repeat the process with the remaining cutlets. In a nonstick saute pan, heat the vegetable oil o <END>
INPUT: vegetable oil, pork chops, butter, sugar, star anise
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pork Rib Chops with Sauteed Apple and Star Anise | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon vegetable oil; 2 12-ounce pork rib chops; 3 tablespoons butter, divided; 1 tablespoon brown sugar; 4 whole star anise*; 2 Fuji apples (about 1 pound), cored, sliced 1/2-inch thick; 1/2 cup apple juice; 2 teaspoons apple cider vinegar | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat oil in heavy large skillet over medium heat. Sprinkle pork with salt and pepper. Add pork to skillet; cook until brown on both sides and thermometer inserted horizontally into pork registers 140°F, about 7 minutes per side. Transfer to plates; tent with foil. Pour off drippings from skillet. Add 2 tablespoons butter, brown sugar, and star anise to same skillet and stir over high heat until melted. Add apples; cook until brown and caramelized, stirring frequently, about 8 minutes. Spoon apples over pork. Add apple juice and vinegar to skillet; boil sauce until reduced to 2 tablespoons, abo <END>
INPUT: milk, heavy cream, dulce de leche, pure vanilla extract, pecans
OUTPUT: TITLE: Dulce de Leche Ice Cream | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups whole milk; 1 cup heavy cream; 1 pound dulce de leche (about 1 2/3 cups; preferably La Salamandra brand); 1/8 teaspoon pure vanilla extract; 3/4 cup chopped pecans (2 1/2 to 3 oz), toasted; Special equipment : an ice cream maker | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring milk and cream just to a boil in a 3-quart heavy saucepan over moderate heat, then remove from heat and whisk in dulce de leche until dissolved. Whisk in vanilla and transfer to a metal bowl. Quick-chill by putting bowl in a larger bowl of ice and cold water and stirring occasionally until cold, 15 to 20 minutes. Freeze mixture in ice cream maker until almost firm, then fold in pecans. Transfer ice cream to an airtight container and put in freezer to harden, at least 1 hour. Bring milk and cream just to a boil in a 3-quart heavy saucepan over moderate heat, then remove from heat and whis <END>
INPUT: Italian, Three hearts palm, Kosher salt, virgin olive oil, onion, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Hearts of Palm Parm | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: Three 14-ounce cans whole hearts of palm, drained; Kosher salt; 1/2 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 1 large yellow onion, 1/4-inch dice; 6 cloves garlic, minced; One 28-ounce can crushed tomatoes; One 14-ounce can diced tomatoes; Pinch crushed red pepper flakes; 1 1/2 teaspoons fish sauce, optional; 1 1/4 cups finely grated Parmesan (about 3 ounces); Hand-torn fresh basil leaves, for garnish; 1 1/2 cups quick-cooking polenta, cooked according to the package directions, warm | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F with a rack set on the middle shelf. Place the hearts of palm onto several layers of paper towels to absorb any excess liquid. Season lightly with salt. Heat 2 tablespoons of the oil in a large high-sided skillet over medium to medium-high heat until it just starts to shimmer. Sear the hearts of palm until golden brown on both sides, 2 to 4 minutes total. You may need to do this in two batches to avoid crowding the skillet. Transfer to a baking sheet or large plate. Discard the used oil and wipe out the skillet. Add the remaining oil to the same skillet over m <END>
INPUT: tart, all purpose flour, salt, powdered sugar, unsalted butter, egg yolks
OUTPUT: TITLE: Rhubarb Tart | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 2/3 cups all purpose flour; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 2 tablespoons powdered sugar; 1/2 cup chilled unsalted butter, cut into pieces; 2 large egg yolks; 2 tablespoons (about) ice water; 3 tablespoons apricot jam; 1 cup sugar; 1/4 cup water; 2 tablespoons brandy; 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice; 1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1/4 teaspoon ground nutmeg; 2 pounds fresh rhubarb, trimmed, cut diagonally into 1/2inchthick pieces | INSTRUCTIONS: Mix flour, salt and powdered sugar in processor. Add butter and cut in using on/off turns until mixture resembles coarse meal. Add egg yolks and process briefly to blend. Add enough water by tablespoonfuls until mixture forms moist clumps. Gather dough into ball; flatten into disk. Wrap in plastic and refrigerate 30 minutes. Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Roll out dough on lightly floured surface to 12inchdiameter round. Transfer to 9inch diameter tart pan with removable bottom. Trim crust overhang to 1/4-inch. Fold overhang in, creating double thick sides. Freeze crust 15 minutes. Line crust wi <END>
INPUT: julep, bourbon blended whiskey, mint mint leaves, sugar, pineapple
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mint Julep Pineapple | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons bourbon or blended whiskey; 1/4 cup finely chopped fresh mint plus 2 tablespoons whole small fresh mint leaves; 1 tablespoon sugar; 1 medium pineapple (2 lb; labeled "extra sweet") | INSTRUCTIONS: Stir together bourbon, chopped mint, and sugar in a small bowl. Let stand 20 minutes (to allow flavors to develop). Meanwhile, trim, peel, quarter, and core pineapple, then cut crosswise into 1/8-inch-thick slices and transfer to a bowl. Pour bourbon mixture through a sieve onto pineapple. Add whole mint leaves and gently toss to combine. Stir together bourbon, chopped mint, and sugar in a small bowl. Let stand 20 minutes (to allow flavors to develop). Meanwhile, trim, peel, quarter, and core pineapple, then cut crosswise into 1/8-inch-thick slices and transfer to a bowl. Pour bourbon mixture  <END>
INPUT: vinaigrette, scallions, virgin olive oil, wine vinegar, grainy mustard, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Scallions Vinaigrette | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 bunches large scallions, trimmed; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, divided; 1 tablespoon white-wine vinegar; 1 teaspoon grainy mustard; 1/4 teaspoon sugar; 1 hard-boiled large egg, peeled and chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: Prepare a gas grill for direct-heat cooking over medium heat; see Grilling Procedure . Toss scallions with 1 tablespoon oil and 1/4 teaspoon each of salt and pepper. Grill scallions, covered, turning occasionally, until wilted and tender, 6 to 8 minutes. Whisk together remaining tablespoon oil, vinegar, mustard, and sugar in a large bowl. Toss scallions with vinaigrette and season with salt and pepper. Serve warm or at room temperature, topped with egg. Prepare a gas grill for direct-heat cooking over medium heat; see Grilling Procedure . Toss scallions with 1 tablespoon oil and 1/4 teaspoon e <END>
INPUT: roast, tart apples, olive oil, carrot, celery, shallots
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roast Quail with Apples and Pecans | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 firm tart apples, such as Fuji, Braeburn, or Granny Smith; 1 teaspoon olive oil; 1 carrot, peeled and diced; 1 celery stalk, diced; 2 shallots, diced; 1 cup crumbledCorn Bread; 1/4 cup chicken broth or canned low-sodium broth; 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted; 2 thyme sprigs, leaves removed; 1/2 cup pecans, lightly toasted, half roughly chopped; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 4 semi-boneless quail, wing tips trimmed, rinsed and patted dry; 1 tablespoon canola or olive oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 450°F. Quarter and core the apples. Dice half of them and set aside. Thinly slice the remainder lengthwise and set aside. In a medium sauté pan, heat the olive oil over medium-high heat. Add the carrot, celery, shallots, and diced apples and sauté until softened, about 5 minutes. Transfer to a bowl and add the crumbled corn bread, then add the chicken broth, melted butter, thyme, and chopped pecans and toss thoroughly with your hands to combine. Season with salt and pepper. Sprinkle the cavity of each quail with salt and pepper, then stuff a little of the corn bread mixture <END>
INPUT: Italian, ravioli, olive oil, carrot, celery, onion, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Veal Ravioli | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup olive oil; 1 small carrot, finely diced; 1 celery stalk, finely diced; 1 small onion, finely diced; 2 cloves garlic, minced; 1 pound ground veal; 1 bay leaf; 1/2 teaspoon red pepper flakes; 2 teaspoons fennel seeds; 1/2 cup canned tomato sauce; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley; 3 tablespoons toasted pine nuts; 40 round wonton wrappers, thawed if frozen and covered loosely with a damp paper towel to prevent drying; Slow Roasted Tomato Sauce, recipe follows; 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large saute pan set over moderately high heat, heat olive oil. Add chopped carrot, celery, onion, and garlic and saute until vegetables are tender. Add ground veal and cook, stirring, until meat is cooked through. In a clean spice/coffee grinder, pulverize bay leaf, red pepper flakes, and fennel seeds. Add spice mixture to saute pan. Add tomato sauce to saute pan. Cook, stirring, until almost all the liquid is evaporated, for about 2 minutes. Add chopped parsley and pine nuts. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Put 1 wonton wrapper on a lightly floured surface, mound 1 tablespoon of t <END>
INPUT: twice, size sweet potatoes, light sugar, cinnamon, nutmeg, cayenne pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Twice-Baked Sweet Potatoes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 medium-size sweet potatoes; 5 tablespoons light brown sugar; 1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1/4 teaspoon ground nutmeg; Pinch cayenne pepper; 1/2 stick unsalted butter; Vegetable oil, for greasing roasting tray; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1/2 cup chopped pecans | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Lightly scrub the sweet potatoes under cold running water. Place the potatoes on a roasting tray and bake until tender, 1 hour 15 minutes. Remove from the oven and allow the potatoes to cool slightly before cutting off the top third of the potatoes lengthwise. Scoop out the flesh using a large spoon (leave enough on the base so the skin holds its shape) and reserve bases. Add the potato flesh, 2 tablespoons of the sugar, cinnamon, nutmeg, cayenne pepper and butter to a food processor. Process until the ingredients are completely combined and the puree is smoo <END>
INPUT: parmigiana, all purpose flour, eggs, bread crumbs, eggplant, vegetable oil frying
OUTPUT: TITLE: Eggplant Parmigiana Rounds | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: all-purpose flour for dredging; 2 large eggs, beaten lightly; 3/4 cup dry bread crumbs, seasoned with salt and pepper; a 1-pound eggplant, cut into 1/2-inch-thick rounds; vegetable oil for frying; 1 cup tomato sauce; 1/4 pound mozzarella cheese, sliced thin | INSTRUCTIONS: Have ready in 3 separate bowls flour, eggs, and bread crumbs. Dredge eggplant in flour and coat with egg, letting excess drip off. Dredge eggplant in bread crumbs. In a large heavy skillet heat 1/4 inch oil over moderately high heat until hot but not smoking and fry eggplant rounds in batches 3 minutes on each side, transferring them with a slotted spoon to paper towels to drain. Preheat the broiler. Arrange rounds on a baking sheet and top with tomato sauce and mozzarella. Broil rounds about 2 inches from heat until cheese is melted, about 3 minutes. Have ready in 3 separate bowls flour, eggs <END>
INPUT: salad, radishes, celery, grape tomatoes, onions, container mini mozzarella
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tomato and Radish Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 bunch radishes, trimmed and sliced very thin; 2 stalks celery, inner stalk with leaves, sliced (leaves too!); 2 quarts grape tomatoes, sliced in half; 4 green onions, thinly sliced; One 8-ounce container mini mozzarella balls, drained; 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Add the radishes, celery, tomatoes, green onions and mozzarella in a medium bowl and toss together. Drizzle with the olive oil and season liberally with salt and pepper. <END>
INPUT: cranberry, cranberries, sugar, vanilla extract, oranges
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cranberry-Orange Vodka | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound fresh or frozen cranberries; 1 cup sugar; 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, or 1 vanilla bean, split; 2 oranges, peels cut into 2-inch strips; 1 (750-ml) bottle vodka; 1 bottle tonic water; Lime slices, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Place cranberries, sugar and vanilla in a medium saucepan. Place pan over medium heat and stir. Simmer cranberry mixture until the berries burst, about 5 to 6 minutes. Place orange peels in a large glass container with an airtight lid, or large mason jars with lids. Pour vodka over the orange peels. Allow the cranberry mixture to cool. Pour the cooled mixture into the glass container(s). Cover tightly and set aside for 1 week. After 1 week, strain out the cranberries sand orange peels and pour mixture into a clean bottle, using a funnel. Store vodka in the refrig <END>
INPUT: American, salted butter, onion, carrot, celery, parsnips
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken Pie | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 6 tablespoons salted butter, plus more for buttering the dish; 3/4 cup finely diced onion; 3/4 cup finely diced carrot; 3/4 cup finely diced celery; 3/4 cup finely diced parsnips; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1/2 cup white wine; 1/3 cup all-purpose flour; 4 1/2 cups low-sodium chicken broth, plus more if needed; 3/4 cup frozen green beans; 1 1/2 tablespoons chopped fresh thyme; 1/2 teaspoon ground turmeric; 1 recipe Shredded Boiled Chicken (6 cups), recipe follows; 1/3 cup half-and-half or heavy cream; 1 egg mixed with 1 teaspoon water, for the egg wash | INSTRUCTIONS: For serving: a peppery green salad with arugula and baby spinach Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Butter a 9-by-13-inch baking dish. To make the filling, melt the butter in a large pot over medium-high heat, then add the onion, carrot, celery and parsnips. Season with salt and pepper and stir them around until the onions start to turn translucent, about 3 minutes. Add the wine and cook for another minute. Sprinkle over the flour and stir it in to incorporate. Cook for a minute or two, but do not let it brown. Add the broth and stir, working out any lumps. Lower the heat to medium and cook un <END>
INPUT: pulao, pilaf, basmati rice, canola oil, cardamom pods, cinnamon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tomato, Scallion, and Peanut Pulao (Pilaf) | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup white basmati rice; 2 tablespoons canola oil; 2 green cardamom pods, crushed; 1/2 stick cinnamon; 2 whole cloves; 2 tablespoons Ginger-Garlic Paste, recipe follows; 8 scallions, white and light green parts, chopped (should make 1/2 cup), green ends sliced thinly and kept separate for garnish; 1 (14 1/2-ounce) can diced tomatoes (no salt added); 1 cup water; Kosher salt, for seasoning; 1 tablespoon peanuts; 1/2 cup cloves garlic, whole; 1/2 cup fresh ginger, peeled, 1/2-inch slices; 1/4 cup canola oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Wash the rice. This is one of the most crucial steps in creating a delicate pulao, where each grain of rice is separate from the other. Pour the rice into a large bowl and fill with fresh water. Gently wash the rice, running your hand through the rice without breaking the grains. The water will go smoky. Pour off the water and fill the bowl again. Wash, drain, and repeat 3 or 4 times until the water runs clear. By washing the rice in this way, you've just removed the excess starch from the rice so the grains won't stick together. In a Dutch oven over medium-high heat, warm the canola oil until <END>
INPUT: tarte, tatin, sugar, vanilla bean, kosher salt, brandy
OUTPUT: TITLE: Apple and Persimmon Tarte Tatin | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup (1/2 stick) unsalted butter; 1/2 cup sugar; 1/2 vanilla bean, split lengthwise; 1/8 teaspoon kosher salt; 1 tablespoon plus 1 teaspoon brandy, divided; 2 pounds Pink Lady or other crisp apples (about 4 medium), peeled, cored, quartered; 1 pound Fuyu persimmons (about 4), peeled, halved; 1 sheet frozen puff pastry (one 14-oz. package or half a 17.3-oz. package), thawed; All-purpose flour (for dusting); 1 cup heavy cream; An 11" cast-iron or heavy-duty ovenproof skillet | INSTRUCTIONS: Melt butter in 11" skillet over medium heat, brushing sides of skillet with butter as it melts. Sprinkle sugar evenly over bottom of skillet and scrape in vanilla seeds; save pod for another use. Cook, undisturbed, until sugar is evenly moistened, about 1 minute. Stir in salt and 1 Tbsp. brandy, then remove pan from heat. Arrange as many apples as fit, rounded side down, in a tightly packed circle around outside edge of skillet; reserve remaining apples. Fill in center with persimmons, rounded side down. Cook over medium heat until juices begin to bubble, about 2 minutes. Reduce heat to medium <END>
INPUT: sauce, plain yogurt, garlic, mint, lemon juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lemon-Garlic Lamb Chops with Yogurt Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup plain yogurt; 1 garlic clove, minced; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh mint; 1/4 cup fresh lemon juice; 2 large garlic cloves, chopped; 1/2 teaspoon dried oregano; 3 tablespoons olive oil; 4 (1/2-inch-thick) shoulder lamb chops; 1 tablespoon water | INSTRUCTIONS: Make sauce: Drain yogurt in a sieve lined with a double thickness of cheesecloth at room temperature 20 minutes. Stir together with garlic, mint, and salt and pepper to taste. Drain yogurt in a sieve lined with a double thickness of cheesecloth at room temperature 20 minutes. Stir together with garlic, mint, and salt and pepper to taste. Prepare chops while yogurt drains: Stir together lemon juice, garlic, oregano, and 2 tablespoons oil in a shallow baking dish. Add lamb chops, turning to coat, and marinate 20 minutes. Remove lamb from marinade, reserving marinade, and season with salt and pep <END>
INPUT: Asian, chicken thighs, sesame oil, oyster sauce, cornstarch, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken with Snap Peas and Shiitakes | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 6 chicken thighs; 1 tablespoon sesame oil; 1/2 cup oyster sauce; 2 tablespoons cornstarch; 2 tablespoon minced garlic, divided; 2 tablespoon minced ginger, divided; 1/2 pound snap peas, blanched; 1/2 cup canola oil; 4 sliced scallions, separate green and white; 1/2 cup chicken stock (if canned, use low sodium); 2 cups sliced shiitakes; Salt and black pepper to taste | INSTRUCTIONS: Marinate chicken in sesame oil, oyster sauce, cornstarch, 1 tablespoon garlic and 1 tablespoon ginger for 30 minutes. Blanch snap peas al dente in hot salted water followed by an iced bath. Keep the peas crisp. In a hot wok, coat bottom with oil and add remaining 1 tablespoon of garlic, 1 tablespoon of ginger and white scallions. Stir quickly to avoid burning. Season chicken and brown. After about 8 minutes, add chicken stock and reduce by half. Add mushrooms quickly stir for 1 minute. Add peas just to heat up and serve. Check for seasoning. Garnish with fresh cracked black pepper. Serve with  <END>
INPUT: Italian, cannelloni, virgin olive oil, onion, sweet Italian sausage
OUTPUT: TITLE: Italian Sausage, Spinach, and Ricotta Cannelloni | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil; 1 medium yellow onion, diced; 8 ounces sweet Italian sausage, casings removed or bulk sausage meat; 1 (10-ounce) box frozen chopped spinach, thawed and squeezed dry; 1 (15-ounce) container ricotta cheese; 1 1/2 cups plus 1/2 cup freshly grated Parmesan cheese; 3 large eggs; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; Fresh Pasta Dough, rolled out and cut into 6 by-7-inch rectangles, recipe follows; 4 cups Simple Tomato Sauce, recipe follows; Fresh basil, for garnish; 1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil; 1 medium yellow onion, diced; 8 ounces sweet Italian sausage, casings removed or bulk sausage meat; 1 (10-ounce) box frozen chopped spinach, thawed and squeezed dry | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large skillet, heat the olive oil over medium-high heat and saute the onion until fragrant and translucent. Add the Italian sausage meat, breaking it up with the back of a wooden spoon and brown it until no longer pink, about 10 to 12 minutes. Drain the excess fat from the sausage meat, and set aside to cool. In a large mixing bowl stir together the drained and squeeze-dried spinach, ricotta, 1 1/2 cups Parmesan, eggs, cooled Italian sausage and onion mixture, salt, and freshly ground black pepper, to taste. Place the oven rack in the center of the oven and preheat the oven to 400 degrees <END>
INPUT: olive oil, garlic, broccoli florets, Salt, pepper flakes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cavatelli with Sauteed Broccoli and Garlic | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 tablespoons olive oil; 3 cloves garlic, minced; 2 to 3 cups broccoli florets, or to taste; Salt; 1/2 teaspoon red pepper flakes, or to taste; 1 1/2 cups canned chicken broth; 1 pound cavatelli, cooked according to package directions; Freshly grated Locatelli pecorino Romano | INSTRUCTIONS: In a saucepan, heat the olive oil over moderate heat until hot. Add the garlic and cook it, stirring, until pale golden. Add the broccoli, salt, and red pepper flakes and cook, stirring, for 2 minutes. Add the chicken broth and simmer for 5 minutes. Meanwhile, cook the pasta. Drain the pasta and transfer it to the saucepan. Toss with sauce to combine. Serve with the cheese. <END>
INPUT: potstickers, orange, duck breast, canola oil, garlic, shallot, Maui onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Smoked Duck Potstickers with Orange Chili Plum Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 whole boneless duck breast; 2 tablespoons canola oil; 1 tablespoon minced garlic; 1 tablespoon minced shallot; 1 small Maui onion, minced; 1/2 cup minced yellow onion; 1/2 cup diced choy sum; 1/2 cup minced fresh cilantro; 3/4 cup gai choy, kimchee or napa cabbage; 1/2 cup diced water chestnuts; Pinch dried red chile flakes; 1 cup diced fresh shiitake mushrooms; 1 tablespoon oyster sauce; 20 fresh mint leaves; 1/4 cup julienned basil | INSTRUCTIONS: Roast the duck breast over wood chips in a smoker for 10 to 15 minutes (place a pan underneath to catch the drippings). Or, place over wood chips on a low fire in a covered grill for 8 to 10 minutes. Remove the skin, remaining fat and dice. In a wok or large saute pan, heat the canola oil and stir-fry the diced duckmeat, garlic, shallot, onions, choy sum, cilantro, gai choy, water chestnuts, chile flakes, mushrooms, oyster sauce, mint, and basil for 5 minutes over high heat until well combined and cooked through. Drain off the liquid into a saucepan and reduce to a syrupy consistency. Return t <END>
INPUT: American, crown, roast, Two chop racks, olive oil, rosemary, kosher salt, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Crown Roast of Pork with Chestnut Sausage Stuffing | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: Two 8-chop racks of pork (about 5 pounds each); 3 tablespoons olive oil; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh rosemary; 1 tablespoon kosher salt; 2 teaspoons freshly ground black pepper; 3 cups Chestnut and Sausage Stuffing, recipe follows; One 1-pound loaf country white bread, cut or torn into 1-inch pieces; 1 pound bulk Italian pork sausage; 4 cloves garlic, smashed and roughly chopped; 2 stalks celery, diced; 1 medium bulb fennel, diced; 1 medium yellow onion, diced; 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, plus additional for buttering casserole dish; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1/2 cup chopped fresh Italian parsley | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Special equipment: a trussing needle; kitchen string Place a rack in the lower third of the oven and preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Lay the racks of pork on a cutting board with the ribs curving upward. Cut 1/2-inch deep slits in the meat between each rib bone. Stand the racks up back to back, fat sides touching, with the meaty-sides down and the concave curve of the ribs facing upward. Thread a trussing needle with kitchen string and use it to pierce between the upper third of the two last rib bone ends and tie them together; repeat in the lower third of the <END>
INPUT: potatoes, Milk, salt, pepper, jumbo shrimp
OUTPUT: TITLE: Shrimp Macadamia | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound potatoes, boiled, drained; Milk; Freshly ground salt; Freshly ground white pepper; 24 jumbo shrimp, peeled and deveined; Clarified butter; 3 ounces Macadamia nuts, finely chopped; 1 clove garlic, crushed; 1/4 cup dry sherry; 1/4 cup fresh butter, plus extra for potatoes; 1/2 lemon, juiced; 2 scallop shells; Parsley sprigs, for garnish; 1/4 teaspoon paprika, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Mash potatoes adding enough milk and butter to make a smooth mixture. Season with salt and pepper and set aside. Coat the shrimp in cold clarified butter and toss them in the chopped nuts. Heat clarified butter in a frying pan. Add the garlic clove and fry gently for 2 minutes. Drop in the coated shrimps. Remove the garlic and cook the shrimp 2 minutes on each side. After 4 minutes add the sherry and flame. Stir in the fresh butter and drizzle in the lemon juice. Pipe the creamed potatoes around the rim of the scallop shells and pour the shrimp into the center of the shells. Garnish each with  <END>
INPUT: serrano chiles, kosher salt, mayonnaise, hot sauce
OUTPUT: TITLE: Serrano Mayo | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 serrano chiles, seeded, chopped; 1 teaspoon kosher salt; 1 cup mayonnaise; 2 tablespoons hot sauce | INSTRUCTIONS: Mix chiles and salt in a small bowl; let sit 10 minutes. Mix in mayonnaise and hot sauce. DO AHEAD: Serrano mayo can be made 3 days ahead. Cover and chill. Mix chiles and salt in a small bowl; let sit 10 minutes. Mix in mayonnaise and hot sauce. DO AHEAD: Serrano mayo can be made 3 days ahead. Cover and chill. <END>
INPUT: French, quiche, butter, onion, asparagus, cayenne
OUTPUT: TITLE: Asparagus and Cheddar Quiche | CUISINE: French | INGREDIENTS: 1 (11-inch) store-bought pie dough; 3 tablespoons butter; 1 small onion, finely chopped; 1 bunch asparagus, chopped into 1/2-inch pieces; Pinch cayenne; Kosher salt and cracked black pepper; 1 tablespoon minced garlic; 1/4 cup chopped chives; 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard; 4 eggs; 1 cup heavy cream; 1 teaspoon grated nutmeg; 1 1/2 cups shredded white Cheddar | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Roll out pie dough and mold into an 11-inch pie dish, crimping the edges to make ridges. Pierce the dough with a fork several times. Bake in the hot oven until slightly browned, about 6 to 8 minutes. Remove from the oven and let cool. Turn the oven down to 325 degrees F. In a large skillet over medium-high heat, add the butter, onions, asparagus, cayenne and garlic. Sprinkle with a pinch salt and a pinch pepper. Cook for 5 to 6 minutes until the asparagus is soft and mixture is fragrant. Remove from the pan to a bowl and let cool. In a large bowl, add the chi <END>
INPUT: American, tart, phyllo dough, olive oil, goat cheese, rounded mixed greens, virgin olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Goat Cheese Tart on Phyllo | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 package phyllo dough; 1 cup olive oil; 8 ounces fresh goat cheese; 2 rounded cups mixed greens; 1/2 cup extra virgin olive oil; 3 tablespoons white balsamic vinegar; 1/4 cup chopped black olives; 1 teaspoon chopped fresh thyme | INSTRUCTIONS: Remove phyllo dough from package and cover with a dry towel. Using a pastry brush, spread olive oil on 1sheet of dough. Place another sheet on top and brush with more oil. Repeat 3 more times to finish with 5 layers. Cut the dough into 4 equal squares. Place each square on an inverted ramekin on a sheet pan. Bake at 400 degrees for approximately 5 to 8 minutes or until golden brown. Make the vinaigrette by simply mixing all of the ingredients in a mixing bowl. Cut the 8 ounces of goat cheese into 4 equal parts. Place the goat cheese into the phyllo "cup" and put in a 300 degree oven for about  <END>
INPUT: Italian, dressing, shallot, wine vinegar, pomegranate molasses, Kosher salt, Russian purple kale
OUTPUT: TITLE: Kale with Pomegranate Dressing and Ricotta Salata | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 small shallot, finely chopped; 2 tablespoons white wine vinegar; 2 teaspoons pomegranate molasses; Kosher salt, freshly ground pepper; 1 bunch red Russian or purple kale or 2 bunches Tuscan kale, ribs and stems removed, leaves torn into 2" pieces; 1/2 cup pomegranate seeds; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 2 ounces ricotta salata (salted dry ricotta) | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine shallot, vinegar, and pomegranate molasses in a large bowl; season dressing with salt and pepper and let sit 5 minutes. Add kale to dressing, season with salt and pepper, and massage dressing into leaves. Add pomegranate seeds and oil and toss to combine. Serve topped with ricotta salata. Do ahead: Dressing can be made 4 hours ahead; cover and chill. Combine shallot, vinegar, and pomegranate molasses in a large bowl; season dressing with salt and pepper and let sit 5 minutes. Add kale to dressing, season with salt and pepper, and massage dressing into leaves. Add pomegranate seeds and  <END>
INPUT: American, sauce, olive oil, chicken, whipping cream, wine, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken with Roquefort Cream Sauce | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons olive oil; 1 3 1/2-pound chicken, cut into 8 pieces; 1 cup whipping cream; 1/4 cup dry white wine; 5 garlic cloves, minced; 1 teaspoon herbes de Provence or dried thyme, crumbled; 3/4 cup crumbled Roquefort cheese; Chopped fresh chives | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat oil in heavy large skillet over medium-high heat. Season chicken with pepper. Add chicken to skillet and cook until golden brown on all sides, about 8 minutes. Add cream, wine, garlic and herbes de Provence. Cover and simmer until chicken is tender and cooked through, turning once, about 20 minutes. Transfer chicken to platter. Boil cooking liquid in skillet until reduced to sauce consistency, about 5 minutes. Add cheese and whisk until cheese is melted and sauce is smooth. Season generously with pepper. Pour sauce over chicken. Garnish with chives and serve. Heat oil in heavy large skill <END>
INPUT: vegetable, rolls, mayonnaise, Asian chili sauce, lemon juice, fish sauce, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Vegetable Rolls with Chili Mayonnaise | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup mayonnaise; 1/2 cup Asian chili sauce*; 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice; 1 tablespoon fish sauce*; 2 cloves garlic, minced; 1 tablespoon brown sugar; 1/2 red bell pepper, seeded, cored and cut into thin slices; 1/2 yellow bell pepper, seeded, cored and cut into thin slices; 1 large carrot, shredded; 1/4 cup chopped fresh mint leaves; 1/4 cup chopped fresh basil leaves; 6 rice paper rounds*; 6 butter lettuce leaves, ribs removed; 1 1/2 cups cooked cellophane noodles or bean threads, cooled*; *Can be found at specialty Asian markets | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. For the Chili Mayonnaise: In a small bowl, mix together the mayonnaise, chili sauce, lemon juice, fish sauce, garlic, and brown sugar. For the Vegetable Rolls: In a medium mixing bowl, mix together the red bell pepper, yellow bell pepper, carrot, mint, and basil. Add the Chili Mayonnaise and toss well. Lay a damp kitchen or paper towel on a work surface. Soak a rice paper round in warm water for 20 to 30 seconds until softened. Place the rice paper on the damp towel. Lay a lettuce leaf in the middle of the rice paper and spoon some of the vegetable mixture on top <END>
INPUT: American, pork spareribs, Lone Star Rub, mesquite hickory wood, classic BBQ sauce, chili powder
OUTPUT: TITLE: The Best Bbq Ribs | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 5 pounds pork spareribs, cut into slabs; 1/3 cup Lone Star Dry Rub, recipe follows; 1 1/2 cups mesquite or hickory wood chips, soaked in water for 30 minutes, and drained; 2 cups classic BBQ sauce; 2 tablespoons chili powder; 1 tablespoon garlic salt; 1 tablespoon sweet Hungarian paprika; 1 tablespoon freshly ground black pepper; 1 teaspoon cayenne pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Rub the spareribs with the dry rub. Wrap each slab tightly in a double thickness of aluminum foil. Set aside while building the fire. Build a charcoal fire in an outdoor grill and let burn until the coals are covered with white ash. In a gas grill, preheat on High, then adjust to Low. Place the foil-wrapped ribs on the grill and cover. Cook, turning occasionally, until the ribs are tender, about 1 hour. Unwrap the ribs and set aside. Add more charcoal to the fire and let burn until medium-hot. You should be able to hold your hand at grill level for about 3 seconds. Sprinkle the drained chips o <END>
INPUT: rock octopus, bay leaf, lemon, Olive oil, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Scallops, Clams, Octopus, Squid and Prawns with Broccoli Romano | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 3/4 pounds/800g rock octopus; 1 bay leaf; 1/2 lemon; Olive oil; 1 clove garlic; Salt and pepper; 1 sprig fresh rosemary; 16 clams; 1 11/3 pounds/600 g small squid; 8 3/4 pounds/4 kg in-shell scallops; 1 pound/400 g cuttlefish; 4 prawns; 2 1/4 pounds/1 kg broccoli romano; 1/2 cup/10 cl chicken stock; 1/2 cup/10 cl lobster stock or seafood stock | INSTRUCTIONS: Clean the octopus, and then place into salted boiling water. Add the bay leaf and lemon. Cook 35 to 45 minutes on a soft boil. Delicately drain. Cut the octopus into pieces. Peel the garlic clove, cut in two. Sprinkle the octopus with salt and pepper. Place into a dish with the garlic and the rosemary. Cover with olive oil. Leave to marinate at least 24 hours. It will reach its peak flavor at 48 hours. Place the clams to soak in salted water in the dark for 3 to 4 hours to allow them to expel all the sand. Clean the squid in running water. Separate the head from the body. Open the scallops, re <END>
INPUT: Italian, quesadilla, shrimp, Salt pepper, olive oil, Monterey Jack
OUTPUT: TITLE: Shrimp and Cilantro Pesto Quesadilla | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 4 large shrimp, shelled and deveined; Salt and freshly ground pepper; 2 tablespoons olive oil, plus 1 tablespoon; 3 (6-inch) tortillas or 8-inch tortillas cut to size; 1/4 cup grated Monterey Jack; 1/4 cup grated white cheddar; 3 tablespoons Cilantro Pesto, recipe follows; 1 teaspoon ancho chile powder; 2 teaspoons sour cream, or to taste; 2 cups firmly packed cilantro leaves; 2 cloves garlic; 2 tablespoons pumpkin seeds; 2 tablespoons fresh lime juice; 2 teaspoons salt; 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F. Season the shrimp with salt and pepper, to taste. In a small skillet over medium heat, heat 2 tablespoons of the olive oil and saute the shrimp for 1 1/2 minutes on each side. Reserve for garnish. Place 2 tortillas on an ungreased baking sheet, sprinkle half the cheeses and 1 1/2 tablespoons pesto on each, and season, to taste, with salt and pepper. Stack the 2 layers and cover with the remaining tortilla. Brush with 1 tablespoon oil and sprinkle evenly with ancho chile powder. May be prepared 1 day ahead up to this point and refrigerated. Bake for 8 to 12 mi <END>
INPUT: American, schmidt, cream cheese, condensed milk, lemon juice, vanilla extract, Eight pre tart
OUTPUT: TITLE: Schmidt's Cherry Cheese Tart Filling | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 12 ounces cream cheese, softened; 14 ounces sweetened condensed milk (Eagle Brand suggested); 4 ounces lemon juice, fresh preferred; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; Eight 4-inch pre-baked tart shells; One 17-ounce can cherry pie filling | INSTRUCTIONS: Using a small mixer, beat cream cheese until fluffy. Gradually beat in the sweetened condensed milk until smooth. Stir in lemon juice and vanilla extract until smooth. Refrigerate filling overnight. Using a 4-ounce ice cream scoop, fill each pre-baked tart shell with the chilled cream cheese filling. Place cherry pie filling on top, approximately 5 cherries per tart. <END>
INPUT: canola oil, eggs, scallions, leftover pork, peas carrots
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fried Rice | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons canola oil; 2 eggs, beaten; 1 bunch scallions, roughly chopped; 1 cup leftover pork, chicken, or beef, diced; 1 cup frozen peas and carrots, thawed (plus any leftover vegetables you have on hand); 4 cups cold cooked white or brown rice; 4 tablespoons soy sauce; Salt and pepper to taste | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. In a large skillet or wok, heat 1 tablespoon of the oil over medium-high heat. 2. Add the eggs and scallions. Cook, breaking up the eggs with a spoon until they are lightly browned. 3. Stir in the meat, vegetables, rice, and the remaining oil. Increase heat slightly and cook until the rice is crispy, about 5 minutes. 4. In a small bowl, combine the soy sauce with 4 tablespoons of water. Pour the mixture over the rice. 5. Continue cooking, stirring occasionally, until the rice has absorbed all the liquid, 3 to 5 minutes. 6 Season with the salt and pepper and serve, with extra soy sauce on th <END>
INPUT: sauce, olive oil, garlic, sweet Italian sausages, beans reserved liquid, plum tomatoes juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sausages with White Beans in Tomato Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons olive oil; 4 garlic cloves, peeled, crushed; 6 whole sweet Italian sausages (about 1 1/4 pounds); 6 cups cooked white beans with 1/2 cup reserved cooking liquid (see Cannellini Beans with Garlic and Sage ); 1 14-to 15-ounce can plum tomatoes in juice; tomatoes chopped, juice reserved; 2 large fresh sage sprigs; 1 cup (or more) water | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat oil in large skillet over medium heat. Add garlic. Sautégarlic until golden, about 2 minutes. Add sausages; sauté until browned, about 5 minutes. Add 1/2 cup reserved bean cooking liquid, tomatoes with juice, and sage. Simmer 5 minutes. Add beans and 1 cup water. Cover and simmer until sausages are cooked through, adding more water by 1/4 cupfuls if dry, about 30 minutes. Uncover and simmer until sauce thickens, if desired. Season with salt and pepper. Heat oil in large skillet over medium heat. Add garlic. Sautégarlic until golden, about 2 minutes. Add sausages; sauté until browned, abou <END>
INPUT: Mexican, burritos, flour tortillas, good quality refried, roasted chicken, Crema, avocado
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken Burritos | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 4 flour tortillas (recipe attached), or use storebought; 1 cup good quality canned refried beans, warmed; 2 cups shredded roasted chicken (see attached recipe for chicken tacos and prepare chicken in the same way) or leftover; 2 tablespoons Crema (recipe attached), creme fraiche, or sour cream; 1 avocado, peeled and sliced; 2 large tomatoes, sliced; 2 small bunches watercress, trimmed, washed and dried; 2 tablespoons freshly squeezed lime juice; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Spread the tortillas on a counter. Spread each with a strip of warm refried beans down the center. Top with the chicken (warmed), Crema, avocado and tomatoes. Lightly toss the watercress with the lime juice, olive oil, salt, and pepper and place over each burrito. Fold the bottom quarter of each tortilla up and then roll from the side into a cylinder. Note: If you are using leftover chicken for this dish, combine it with Arbol Salsa (recipe attached) before proceeding as directed with the recipe. <END>
INPUT: praline, dark, egg yolks, sugar, egg whites
OUTPUT: TITLE: Praline Ice Cream Log | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 pound dark, sweet chocolate, broken into bits; 1/4 cup cold, strong brewed coffee; 7 large egg yolks; 3/4 cup sugar; 7 large egg whites, at room temperature; Pinch salt; Pinch cream of tartar; 1 1/2 cups sugar; Pinch cream of tartar; 1/4 cup water; 1 cup blanched whole almonds; 1 quart vanilla ice cream, softened slightly; 1 cup well-chilled heavy cream; 3 tablespoons confectioners' sugar; Flavorless vegetable spray, for coating the cookie cutters and jelly-roll pan | INSTRUCTIONS: To make the cake: Butter a jelly roll pan (15 1/2 by 10 1/2 by 1-inch), line it with wax paper and butter the paper. In the top of a double broiler set over hot water, stir the chocolate with the coffee until it is just melted and let the mixture cool. In a bowl using an electric mixer, beat the egg yolks until they are combined, beat in 1/2 cup of the sugar, a little at a time, and beat the mixture until it ribbons when the beater is lifted. In another bowl, using an electric mixer, beat the egg whites with the salt until they are frothy. Add the cream of tartar and beat the whites until they <END>
INPUT: crown, pound, Crisco® Flour No, Crisco® Pure Vegetable, water, eggs
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate Crown Pound Cake | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Crisco® Flour No-Stick Spray; 1 (18.25 oz.) pkg. Pillsbury® Devils Food Cake; 1/2 cup Crisco® Pure Vegetable Oil; 1 1/4 cups water; 4 large eggs; 1 (3.9 oz) pkg. instant chocolate pudding and pie filling mix; 3/4 cup white baking chips; 1 tbsp. Crisco® Pure Vegetable Oil; 1/4 cup semi-sweet chocolate chips; 1 tsp. Crisco® Pure Vegetable Oil | INSTRUCTIONS: HEAT oven to 350 degrees F. Spray a 12-cup fluted pan with flour no-stick cooking spray. Combine all cake ingredients in large bowl at low speed until moistened; beat 2 minutes at medium speed. Pour batter into prepared pan. BAKE 45 to 55 minutes or until toothpick inserted in center comes out clean. Cool in pan 25 minutes; invert onto serving plate. Cool completely. HEAT white baking chips and 1 tablespoon oil in small saucepan over very low heat until chips are melted; stir until smooth. Cool slightly. In another saucepan over low heat, heat chocolate chips and 1 teaspoon oil until chips are <END>
INPUT: Mexican, tostadas, lump crabmeat, olive oil, mayonnaise, onion, jalapeño
OUTPUT: TITLE: Crab Tostadas | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound lump crabmeat; 1 tablespoon olive oil; 2 tablespoons mayonnaise; 3 tablespoons finely chopped red onion; 1 jalapeño, stemmed and finely chopped; 3 plum tomatoes, cored, seeded, and chopped; 1/4 cup lightly packed cilantro leaves, chopped; 2 limes, finely grated zest and juice; Salt and black pepper; 8 flat tostada shells, packaged or homemade; 1 avocado, pitted and thinly sliced; Cilantro sprigs; 2 limes, quartered | INSTRUCTIONS: Prepare the Crabmeat Put the crabmeat in a bowl. Pick through it with your fingers to remove any cartilage. Put the crabmeat in a bowl. Pick through it with your fingers to remove any cartilage. Combine the Ingredients Add the oil, mayonnaise, onion, jalapeño, tomatoes, cilantro, and lime zest and juice to the crabmeat. Using a rubber spatula or spoon, gently fold (or toss) all ingredients until well blended. Season well with salt and pepper. Add the oil, mayonnaise, onion, jalapeño, tomatoes, cilantro, and lime zest and juice to the crabmeat. Using a rubber spatula or spoon, gently fold (or t <END>
INPUT: buttermilk, pickle juice, hot sauce, dill, granulated garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fried Chicken with Dill Salt | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 cups buttermilk; 1/4 cup pickle juice; 1/4 cup hot sauce, such as Louisiana Hot Sauce; 1 tablespoon minced fresh dill; 2 teaspoons granulated garlic; 2 teaspoons onion powder; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 chicken, cut into 10 pieces; 1 1/2 tablespoons minced fresh dill; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 4 cups all-purpose flour; 1 cup fine cornmeal; 2 tablespoons granulated garlic; 2 tablespoons smoked paprika; 2 tablespoons mustard powder | INSTRUCTIONS: For the buttermilk brine: Whisk together the buttermilk, pickle juice, hot sauce, dill, granulated garlic, onion powder, 2 teaspoons salt and 2 teaspoons pepper in a large dish or mixing bowl. Add the chicken pieces and refrigerate, covered, for 2 to 4 hours. For the dill salt: Mix together the dill, 2 tablespoons salt and 2 teaspoons pepper in a small bowl. For the seasoning flour: Mix together the flour, cornmeal, granulated garlic, smoked paprika, mustard powder, onion powder and 2 teaspoons black pepper in a large mixing bowl. Remove the chicken from the brine and dredge in the seasoned fl <END>
INPUT: American, eggs, half half, all purpose flour, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Goat Cheese and Green Onion Pan Soufflé | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 3 eggs, separated; 1/3 cup (packed) soft fresh goat cheese (such as Montrachet); 1/2 cup half and half; 1/3 cup all purpose flour; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/4 teaspoon pepper; 3 tablespoons chopped green onions; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh tarragon or 1 teaspoon dried; 1 tablespoon butter | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 400°F. Whisk yolks and cheese in medium bowl to blend. Whisk in half and half. Add flour, salt and pepper; whisk until smooth. Mix in green onions and tarragon. Beat whites in another medium bowl until stiff but not dry. Gently fold whites into cheese mixture in 2 additions. Melt butter in heavy 9-inch ovenproof skillet (with about 4-cup capacity) over medium-high heat. Tilt skillet to coat evenly with butter. Pour soufflé mixture into hot skillet. Bake soufflé until puffed and golden, about 20 minutes. Serve immediately. Preheat oven to 400°F. Whisk yolks and cheese in medium  <END>
INPUT: Mexican, ketchup, lime juice, garlic, chipotle chilies, cumin
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chipotle-Sesame Chicken Skewers | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup ketchup; 1/2 cup fresh lime juice; 2 garlic cloves, minced; 2 teaspoons minced canned chipotle chilies*; 1 teaspoon dried cumin; 1 1/2 pounds skinless boneless chicken breast halves, cut into 1/2-inch pieces (about 120 pieces); 40 6-inch bamboo skewers, soaked in water 30 minutes, drained; 1/4 cup toasted sesame seeds (black or white or combination); 1/3 cup chopped fresh cilantro | INSTRUCTIONS: Blend first 5 ingredients in processor until smooth. Season sauce with salt and pepper. (Can be made 1 day ahead. Cover; chill. Bring to room temperature before using.) Preheat broiler. Sprinkle chicken with salt and pepper. Thread 3 chicken pieces onto each skewer. Transfer to large baking sheet in single layer. Brush chicken with 1/4 cup sauce. Broil chicken without turning until cooked through, about 4 minutes. Transfer to platter. Sprinkle with sesame and cilantro. Serve with remaining sauce. Blend first 5 ingredients in processor until smooth. Season sauce with salt and pepper. (Can be ma <END>
INPUT: olive oil, garlic, broccoli florets, Salt, pepper flakes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cavatelli with Sauteed Broccoli and Garlic | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 tablespoons olive oil; 3 cloves garlic, minced; 2 to 3 cups broccoli florets, or to taste; Salt; 1/2 teaspoon red pepper flakes, or to taste; 1 1/2 cups canned chicken broth; 1 pound cavatelli, cooked according to package directions; Freshly grated Locatelli pecorino Romano | INSTRUCTIONS: In a saucepan, heat the olive oil over moderate heat until hot. Add the garlic and cook it, stirring, until pale golden. Add the broccoli, salt, and red pepper flakes and cook, stirring, for 2 minutes. Add the chicken broth and simmer for 5 minutes. Meanwhile, cook the pasta. Drain the pasta and transfer it to the saucepan. Toss with sauce to combine. Serve with the cheese. <END>
INPUT: scrambled, butter, scallions, eggs, milk, Salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Scrambled Eggs with Smoked Salmon | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoons butter; 1/4 cup minced scallions; 4 large eggs; 1 tablespoons milk; Salt and pepper; 3 ounces smoked salmon, julienned; Bread Cups, recipe follows; Garnishes: caviar, dill sprigs, finely chopped red onion; 12 slices fresh thin sliced white bread, crusts removed; 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted; Salt | INSTRUCTIONS: In a non-stick skillet melt butter over medium heat. Add scallions and cook, stirring, until soft. In a bowl whisk together eggs and milk and season with salt and pepper. Reduce heat to medium low and add egg mixture to skillet. Cook, stirring, until almost set. Transfer eggs to bread cups and top with salmon and caviar. Preheat oven to 300 degrees F. Using a 2 2/3 round cutter (or juice glass) cut bread into rounds. Butter both sides with melted butter and press into mini muffin tins, being careful not to tear bread. Season with salt. Bake for 10 to15 minutes until toast are firm to the touch <END>
INPUT: rice, kidney beans, water, onion, vegetable oil, smoked ham
OUTPUT: TITLE: Red Beans and Rice | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound dried red kidney beans; 2 quarts water; 1 large onion, chopped; 1/4 cup vegetable oil; 1 pound smoked ham, cubed; 1 pound smoked sausages, sliced into 1/2-inch slices; 1 cup water; 1 tablespoon chopped garlic; 1 bay leaf; 1 tablespoon black pepper; 2 tablespoons chopped parsley leaves; 1 teaspoon whole fresh thyme leaves; 2 level tablespoons salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Pick through beans, removing all bad beans and any other foreign particles. Wash beans well. Place beans in 5 quart pot. Add the 2 quarts of water. Add the onions and bring to a boil. Lower heat and let beans boil slowly for 1 hour. When beans are soft stir well, mashing some against side of pot. Heat oil in a frying pan. Add the ham and sausage and saute in the oil for 5 minutes. Then add the sausage, ham, and oil to beans. Deglaze pan with the cup of water, then pour into beans. Add all other ingredients. Let simmer for 30 minutes. Beans should be nice and creamy. Serve over rice. <END>
INPUT: powdered sugar, cayenne pepper, salt, walnuts
OUTPUT: TITLE: Candied Walnuts | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup powdered sugar; 1/8 teaspoon cayenne pepper; 1/8 teaspoon salt; 4 ounces walnuts (about one heaping cup; don't use pieces) | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. In a medium sized bowl, mix together the sugar, cayenne and salt. Bring a small saucepan of water to boil. Add the walnuts and blanch them for 3 minutes. Drain well and then immediately roll the walnuts in the sugar mixture until thoroughly coated. The sugar will melt slightly. Transfer the walnuts to a baking sheet or pan and bake, stirring occasionally, until they are a deep golden brown, about 10 minutes. Watch carefully because the sugar can burn easily. Let cool completely before serving. <END>
INPUT: thyme, Italian, bay leaves bay, rosemary, juniper berries
OUTPUT: TITLE: Braised Italian-Style Pot Roast | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: One 5-inch sprig fresh thyme; 5 fresh Italian, flat leafed parsley stems; 2 dried bay leaves or 1 fresh bay leaf; One 5-inch sprig fresh rosemary; 2 juniper berries, crushed; One 2-pound piece shoulder of beef, bottom round, or pot roast; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; All-purpose flour for dusting; 5 tablespoons butter; 1 cup coarsely chopped celery (about 2 stalks); 1 1/4 cups coarsely chopped onion (1 medium-size onion); 1/2 cup coarsely chopped carrot (1 medium-size carrot); 1 bottle (750ml) dry red wine; 1/2 cup dried porcini mushrooms, coarsely chopped and soaked in 1 cup warm water; 1 tablespoon tomato paste | INSTRUCTIONS: To prepare the sacchétto di spezie: Combine all the ingredients in the center of a piece of cheesecloth that is large enough to hold the herb sprigs, and tie in a bundle with butcher's string. Combine all the ingredients in the center of a piece of cheesecloth that is large enough to hold the herb sprigs, and tie in a bundle with butcher's string. To prepare the pot roast: 1. Preheat the oven to 350°F. 2. Season the beef with salt and pepper, then lightly dust with flour. Melt the butter in a large (6-quart) flameproof casserole set over medium-high heat. When it is foaming, add the beef and b <END>
INPUT: American, shortcrust pastry, low fat cheese, honey, eggs, Juice lemon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cheese and Honey Pie | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 4 ounces shortcrust pastry; 8 ounces low fat cheese, such as ricotta; 3 tablespoons honey; 2 eggs, well beaten; Juice of 1/2 lemon; 1 teaspoon cinnamon; 4 ounces walnuts, crushed | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Line a 8-inch flan dish with the pastry and bake blind for 10 minutes. Increase the heat in the oven to 375 degrees F. While pastry is cooking, mix the cheese with the honey. Add eggs, lemon juice and half the cinnamon and mix thoroughly. Cover the pastry base with walnuts and pour the mixture on top. Bake for 30 minutes. Make sure the mixture is set and then sprinkle the remaining cinnamon on top. Let cool to room temperature and serve. <END>
INPUT: French, salad, poached chicken, celery, scallions, tarragon dill, parsley
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken Salad | CUISINE: French | INGREDIENTS: 4 cups diced poached chicken, recipe follows; 1 stalk celery, cut into 1/4-inch dice; 4 scallions, trimmed and thinly sliced or 1/4 cup sweet onion cut into 1/4-inch dice; 1 1/2 teaspoons finely chopped fresh tarragon or fresh dill; 2 tablespoons finely chopped parsley; 1 cup prepared or homemade mayonnaise; 2 teaspoons strained freshly squeezed lemon juice; 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard; 2 teaspoons kosher salt; Freshly ground black pepper; 10 sprigs parsley; 2 sprigs fresh thyme; 1 small onion, halved; 1 small carrot, halved; 1 stalk celery, halved | INSTRUCTIONS: In a mixing bowl, toss together the chicken, celery, scallions and herbs. Set aside. In a small bowl, whisk together the mayonnaise, lemon juice, mustard, salt and pepper to taste. Add to the chicken and mix gently until combined. Refrigerate until ready to serve. Put the parsley, thyme, onion, carrot, celery, and chicken breasts in a medium saucepan. Cover with the broth, and bring just to a boil. Lower the heat to very low and cover. Poach the chicken for 20 minutes or until firm to the touch. Remove the pan from the heat, uncover, cool the chicken in the liquid for 30 minutes. Transfer the  <END>
INPUT: wine, garlic, Dijon mustard, pepper, meaty beef chuck
OUTPUT: TITLE: Braised Short Ribs with Carrots and Onions | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup dry white wine; 3 tablespoons minced garlic; 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard; 1 teaspoon dried crushed red pepper; 18 3-to-4 inch pieces meaty beef chuck short ribs; 3 3/4 cups beef stock or canned broth; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1 1/2 cups finely chopped carrots; 1 1/2 cups finely chopped celery; 1 1/2 cups finely chopped onions; 5 1/4 cups chicken stock or canned low-salt broth; 4 teaspoons chopped fresh thyme; 2 bay leaves; 4 teaspoons cornstarch; 1/4 cup water | INSTRUCTIONS: Mix wine, 1 tablespoon garlic, mustard and red pepper in large glass baking dish. Add short ribs; turn to coat. Cover and refrigerate overnight, turning occasionally. Preheat oven to 500°F. Using tongs, transfer short ribs to large roasting pan; reserve marinade. Sprinkle short ribs with salt and pepper. Roast until brown, turning once, about 30 minutes. Transfer short ribs to large bowl. Place roasting pan over 2 burners. Heat over medium-high heat. Add 1 cup beef stock to pan and bring to boil, scraping up any browned bits. Pour pan juices into bowl with short ribs. Reduce oven temperature t <END>
INPUT: butter, chicken, blanched French beans, apple cider, mushrooms
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cream Apple Chicken | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 pound butter, plus 1/4 pound and 1/4 pound; 1 whole chicken, deboned and cut into 1-inch cubes; 1/2 pound blanched French green beans; 1 cup apple cider; 1 pound mushrooms; 1 pint heavy cream; 1 teaspoon nutmeg; 1 apple; Salt and pepper; Tomato, as a garnish; Parsley, as a garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Place 1/2 pound butter into hot skillet. Place cubed chicken in skillet and cook until golden brown. In another skillet place, blanched green beans with 1/2 pound butter to heat up. Add mushrooms to another skillet and cook until soft. Once the chicken is golden in color, add the cider to pan. We let the cider reduce to give the chicken an apple flavor. The butter and cider will begin to form a coating of caramel on the chicken. When the sauce is reduced to a glaze, add the cream, and a little salt, and pepper. The secret is to add the nutmeg at the end for a special flavor. To serve: Place ch <END>
INPUT: hash, shallots, Coarse kosher salt, apple cider vinegar, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Brussels Sprout Hash with Caramelized Shallots | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 tablespoons (3/4 stick) butter, divided; 1/2 pound shallots, thinly sliced; Coarse kosher salt; 2 tablespoons apple cider vinegar; 4 teaspoons sugar; 1 1/2 pounds brussels sprouts, trimmed; 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1 cup water | INSTRUCTIONS: Melt 3 tablespoons butter in medium skillet over medium heat. Add shallots; sprinkle with coarse kosher salt and pepper. Sauté until soft and golden, about 10 minutes. Add vinegar and sugar. Stir until brown and glazed, about 3 minutes. Halve brussels sprouts lengthwise. Cut lengthwise into thin (1/8-inch) slices. Heat oil in large skillet over medium-high heat. Add sprouts; sprinkle with salt and pepper. Sauté until brown at edges, 6 minutes. Add 1 cup water and 3 tablespoons butter. Sauté until most of water evaporates and sprouts are tender but still bright green, 3 minutes. Add shallots; s <END>
INPUT: cruncher, half smokes, habanero pepper, bacon, Oil, hot dog buns
OUTPUT: TITLE: Three-Alarm Cruncher | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 half-smokes; 1 habanero pepper, thinly sliced; 4 slices bacon; Oil, for frying; 4 hot dog buns, toasted; 4 tablespoons Three-Alarm Relish, recipe follows; 12 sport peppers; 4 teaspoons Sriracha; 1 cup crushed jalapeno-flavored potato chips; 1 can chipotle peppers, chopped until smooth; 5 Thai chile peppers, thinly sliced; 2 cherry peppers, minced; 2 jalapeno peppers, minced; 1 tablespoon minced habanero peppers; 1 tablespoon cayenne pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Cut a 1/2-inch slit lengthwise down the center of each half-smoke. Insert sliced habaneros into the slits. Wrap 1 piece of bacon around each half-smoke, tucking the ends of the bacon in so it stays secure when frying (you can also secure with toothpicks). Heat enough oil for deep-frying in a deep, heavy-bottomed saucepot. When the oil is hot (add a pinch of flour, and if it fries then the oil is ready, or use a deep-fry thermometer to check that the oil is at 350 degrees F), carefully add the bacon-wrapped half-smokes. Fry until the bacon is crispy, 2 to 3 minutes. (If you choose not to fry th <END>
INPUT: Italian, granita, sugar, loosely basil leaves, lemon juice, vodka
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lemon-Basil Granita | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup sugar; 2 cups loosely packed fresh basil leaves, plus small leaves for garnish; 1/3 cup fresh lemon juice (from 2 to 3 lemons); 1/4 cup vodka, optional | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine the sugar with 3 cups water in a medium saucepan. Warm the mixture over medium-high heat, stirring until the sugar dissolves completely. Remove from the heat, and cool to room temperature. Add the basil to the sugar syrup and muddle the leaves with the base of a wooden spoon. Let steep for 1 hour. Strain the mixture into a 9-by-13-inch glass baking dish (discard the basil). Stir in the lemon juice and vodka, if using. Freeze until the mixture begins to set, about 2 hours. Scrape with a fork to form small crystals in the ice every 30 minutes to an hour until the mixture is fully frozen, <END>
INPUT: raspberry, custard, milk, sugar, pure vanilla extract, cornstarch
OUTPUT: TITLE: Rose Petal and Pistachio Raspberry Custard | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 quart whole milk; 4 ounces (5 cups) wild rose petals, plus more for decoration (from 2 grocery bagfuls of flower-laden branches); 1/4 cup sugar; 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract; 1/2 cup cornstarch; 1 teaspoon rosewater, or to taste (optional); 1 pint fresh raspberries; 2 tablespoons coarsely ground unsalted pistachios | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. In a large heavy saucepan, bring the milk almost to a boil, then remove from the heat. Remove 1/2 cup of the milk and set aside. Gently mix the rose petals into the warmed milk in the pan and let infuse for 15 to 20 minutes. Strain the milk through cheesecloth or a fine strainer, discarding the petals. 2. Pour the infused milk back into the saucepan, add the sugar and vanilla, and bring to a simmer over medium heat. 3. Whisk the cornstarch into the reserved 1/2 cup milk until there are no lumps. Add the cornstarch mixture to the pan and simmer over low heat, stirring gently with a rubber sp <END>
INPUT: American, salad, pears, port, wine vinegar, shallot, Salt pepper, virgin olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Frisee Salad with Pears, Blue Cheese, and Port Vinaigrette | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup port; 3 tablespoons red wine vinegar; 1 shallot, finely minced; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 3/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 8 cups loosely packed young frisee (curly endive), torn into bite-size pieces; 1 1/2 cups ribbon-cut radicchio, soaked, drained, and dried; 1 crisp red pear, halved, cored, and very thinly sliced crosswise; 2-ounce chunk blue cheese, frozen; 1 cup candied walnuts, or other candied nuts | INSTRUCTIONS: Simmer the Port in a small saucepan until reduced to 2 tablespoons. Let cool, then whisk in the red wine vinegar, shallot, salt and pepper, to taste. Gradually whisk in the olive oil. In a large bowl, toss the frisee, radicchio, and pear. Divide the salad among 4 plates. Drizzle with the dressing; you probably won't use it all. Using the medium holes of a box grater, shave the blue cheese in a fine snow-like shower over the salads. Scatter the walnuts on top and serve immediately. <END>
INPUT: spice, peppercorns, coriander, cinnamon, nutmeg
OUTPUT: TITLE: Seared Pork Tenderloin with Cocoa Spice Rub | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon whole white peppercorns; 1 tablespoon whole coriander; 4 1/2 tablespoons ground cinnamon; 2 teaspoons ground nutmeg; 1 teaspoon ground cloves; 3 1/2 tablespoons unsweetened cocoa; 4 tablespoons sea salt, preferably gray; 2 (2-pound) boneless pork tenderloins; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 400 degrees. In a medium saucepan over medium heat, toast white peppercorns and coriander seeds until they begin to pop. Remove from heat and grind to fine powder in a spice mill or coffee grinder. Mix the ground pepper and coriander with remaining spices, cocoa and salt. Trim the pork tenderloins of fat and silver skin. Rub with a generous amount of the cocoa spice rub. Heat the olive oil in a large saute pan over medium high heat until hot but not smoking. Sear each tenderloin on all sides until a rich brown color, about 2 minutes on each side. Remove tenderloins from heat an <END>
INPUT: American, bisque, vegetable oil, onions, garlic, low salt chicken, thyme
OUTPUT: TITLE: Onion Bisque | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons vegetable oil; 8 cups sliced yellow onions; 8 garlic cloves, smashed; 6 cups low-salt chicken broth; 15 sprigs thyme, tied into a bundle; 1 1/2 cups cubed crustless day-old bread; 3 slices thick-cut bacon, cut into 1/2 "-wide pieces; Kosher salt, freshly ground pepper; 3 ounces soft fresh goat cheese, crumbled | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat oil in a large wide pot over medium-low heat; add onions and cook, stirring frequently, until translucent, about 20 minutes. Add garlic; cook, stirring frequently, until onions are golden brown and caramelized, about 20 minutes. Add broth and thyme. Bring to a boil; reduce heat and simmer for 20 minutes. Remove from heat. Add bread to pot. Let stand until bread is saturated, about 10 minutes. Discard thyme. Let cool slightly. Working in batches, purée soup in a blender until smooth; strain through a fine-mesh sieve into a large pot. DO AHEAD: Can be made 1 day ahead. Cover and chill. Cook <END>
INPUT: Asian, sauce, shrimp shell, unsalted butter, ginger, Sherry, cilantro
OUTPUT: TITLE: Shrimp in Ginger Butter Sauce | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 6 ounces large shrimp in shell, peeled; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1 1/2 teaspoons grated peeled ginger; 2 tablespoons medium-dry Sherry; 2 tablespoons coarsely chopped cilantro; a baguette; green beans | INSTRUCTIONS: Pat shrimp dry and season with salt Heat butter in a heavy medium skillet over medium-high heat until foam subsides, then sauté ginger 30 seconds. Add shrimp and sauté 2 minutes. Add Sherry and sauté until shrimp are just cooked through, 1 to 2 minutes. Stir in cilantro and season with salt and pepper. Pat shrimp dry and season with salt Heat butter in a heavy medium skillet over medium-high heat until foam subsides, then sauté ginger 30 seconds. Add shrimp and sauté 2 minutes. Add Sherry and sauté until shrimp are just cooked through, 1 to 2 minutes. Stir in cilantro and season with salt and  <END>
INPUT: bread, packages active yeast, water, milk, olive oil, rosemary rosemary
OUTPUT: TITLE: Rosemary Bread | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 packages active dry yeast; 1 cup warm water; 1 cup milk, room temperature; 1/4 cup olive oil; 4 tablespoons finely chopped fresh rosemary or 2 tablespoons dried rosemary; 1 tablespoon salt; 6 cups unbleached all-purpose flour; 1 teaspoon kosher salt | INSTRUCTIONS: By Hand: Stir the yeast into the water in a large mixing bowl; let stand until creamy, about 10 minutes. Stir in the milk and oil. Combine the rosemary, salt, and flour and stir into the yeast mixture in 3 or 4 additions. Stir until the dough comes together. Knead on a floured surface until velvety, elastic, and smooth, 8 to 10 minutes. It should be somewhat moist and blistered. By Mixer: This recipe is slightly large for the mixer, so that you'll have to stop and push the dough down frequently while the mixer is kneading it. Stir the yeast into the water in a mixer bowl; let stand until cream <END>
INPUT: Mexican, salsa, plum tomatoes, serrano chilies, onion, coriander leaves, coarse salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fresh Tomato Salsa | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 pound plum tomatoes; 2 fresh serrano chilies; 1/2 cup finely chopped white onion; 1/4 cup chopped fresh coriander leaves; 1 teaspoon coarse salt, or to taste; 3 tablespoons water | INSTRUCTIONS: Cut tomatoes in half crosswise and seed if desired. Finely chop tomatoes and transfer with any juices to a bowl. Wearing rubber gloves, finely chop chilies, including seeds. Stir chilies into tomatoes with remaining ingredients. Salsa may be made 6 hours ahead and chilled, covered. Cut tomatoes in half crosswise and seed if desired. Finely chop tomatoes and transfer with any juices to a bowl. Wearing rubber gloves, finely chop chilies, including seeds. Stir chilies into tomatoes with remaining ingredients. Salsa may be made 6 hours ahead and chilled, covered. <END>
INPUT: swirl, smoothie, bittersweet chocolate, heavy cream, bananas, Greek yogurt, low fat milk
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate-Peanut Butter Swirl Smoothie | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 ounces bittersweet chocolate, chopped; 2 ounces heavy cream; 2 large bananas, peeled, chopped and frozen; 10 ounces Greek yogurt; 1 cup low-fat milk; 2 heaping tablespoons smooth peanut butter, such as Skippy | INSTRUCTIONS: Put the chocolate and heavy cream in a small bowl set over--not in!--simmering water, and stir until the chocolate melts. Remove from the heat and let cool for 5 minutes. Put half of the melted chocolate mixture into a blender along with the bananas, yogurt, milk and peanut butter. Blend until smooth and frothy, about 2 minutes. Drizzle the remaining melted chocolate in the bottom and down the sides of two large glasses. Fill each glass with the smoothie and serve immediately. <END>
INPUT: tomato paste, horseradish, virgin olive oil, hot sauce, Kosher salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Horseradish Shrimp | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup tomato paste; 1/4 cup horseradish, drained; 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, plus more for brushing; 3/4 teaspoon hot sauce; Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper; 2 pounds large shrimp, peeled and deveined (tails left on); Lemon wedges, for serving | INSTRUCTIONS: Mix the tomato paste, horseradish, olive oil, hot sauce, 1 1/2 teaspoons salt, and pepper to taste in a large bowl; add the shrimp and toss. Cover and refrigerate 30 minutes to 1 hour. Preheat the broiler. Brush a rimmed baking sheet with olive oil. Spread out the shrimp on the baking sheet and broil until just cooked through, 4 to 8 minutes (no need to turn). Serve warm or at room temperature with lemon wedges. Photograph by Con Poulos <END>
INPUT: cake flour, vanilla pudding mix, baking powder, baking soda, kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lavender Cake | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 1/2 cups cake flour; 8 tablespoons vanilla instant pudding mix; 1 tablespoon baking powder; 1/4 teaspoon baking soda; 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt; 5 whole eggs; 2 teaspoon vanilla extract; 1 cup milk; 1/4 cup half-and-half; 3/4 cup butter; 1 1/2 cups sugar; 3 ounces sour cream; 2 tablespoons mayonnaise; 25 drops lavender liquid herbal extract; 1/4 teaspoon star anise extract | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 300 degrees F. Prepare a cupcake pan with 24 cupcake liners. Combine the flour, pudding mix, baking powder, baking soda, and salt in a medium bowl. Crack the eggs into a second bowl and add vanilla extract. Measure the milk and half-and-half into a third bowl. In a 5-quart mixer with the paddle attachment, cream the butter until fluffy. Stop the mixer and scrape down the sides using a spatula. Turn the mixer on first speed, add the sugar, and mix until fluffy. Add the eggs 1 at a time. Scrape down the bowl. Add the sour cream and mayonnaise and incorporate completely. Scrap <END>
INPUT: Mexican, tortilla, bites, scallions, virgin olive oil, onions, garlic, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chorizo and Potato Spanish Tortilla Bites | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 bunch scallions; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 2 medium onions, chopped (1 1/2 cups); 4 garlic cloves, finely chopped; 1 1/4 teaspoons salt; 1/2 teaspoon black pepper; 6 oz Spanish chorizo (cured spiced pork sausage), cut into 1/4-inch dice; 1 1/2 lb yellow-fleshed potatoes such as Yukon Gold (about 4 medium), peeled and cut into 1/4-inch dice; 9 large eggs; 3/4 cup sour cream; 5 oz Manchego or white Cheddar, coarsely grated (2 cups) | INSTRUCTIONS: Put oven rack in middle position and preheat oven to 400°F. Lightly oil a 13- by 9-inch baking pan or dish. Finely chop white and green parts of scallions and reserve separately. Heat oil in a 12-inch heavy skillet over moderately high heat until hot but not smoking, then cook onions, garlic, white parts of scallions, 3/4 teaspoon salt, and 1/4 teaspoon pepper, stirring occasionally, until onions are golden, about 6 minutes. Add chorizo and cook, stirring occasionally, until just beginning to brown and release oil, about 4 minutes. Reduce heat to moderate, then stir in potatoes and cover skill <END>
INPUT: Asian, dipping, coconut milk, onion, garlic, turmeric, pepper flakes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Coconut Wings with Thai Peanut Dipping Sauce | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups coconut milk; 1 medium onion, coarsely chopped; 2 tablespoons crushed garlic; 2 teaspoons ground turmeric; 2 teaspoons red pepper flakes; 1 teaspoon ground galangal (or 1/2 teaspoon freshly grated ginger); 1 tablespoon kosher salt; 20 chicken wings, jointed; Thai Peanut Sauce, recipe follows; 1/2 cup unsalted roasted peanuts; 1 tablespoon peanut oil, plus more to taste; 2 fresh Thai chiles or other small chiles; 1 1/2-inch-thick slice fresh ginger; 4 garlic cloves; 1/3 cup canned unsweetened coconut milk | INSTRUCTIONS: To make the marinade: using a food processor, grind the ingredients into a paste the consistency of thin yogurt. Reserve small amount for basting and transfer the remaining marinade to a glass bowl. Add the cleaned and trimmed chicken wings. Toss liberally, cover with plastic wrap, and marinate in the refrigerator overnight. To grill the wings, shake off the excess marinade and grill the wings over medium heat for approximately 5 minutes per side, or until crispy. Brush them frequently with the reserved marinade, and be careful not to burn the wing tips. The wings should have a crispy texture  <END>
INPUT: Hass avocado, wedge lemon, veal scallops, Salt pepper, virgin olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Veal and Avocado | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 ripe Hass avocado; 1 wedge fresh lemon; 2/3 pound veal scallops; Salt and pepper; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, 2 turns of the pan; 1 tablespoon butter, cut into pieces; 1/4 cup dry vermouth or white wine; 3 to 4 tablespoons cream, 3 turns of the pan; 1 tablespoon fresh thyme leaves, to garnish; 2 tablespoons chopped or snipped chives, to garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Cut avocado in half all around and down to the pit. Twist the avocado to separate the halves. Hit the pit with your knife to pop it out. Scoop the avocado out of each half of skin with a large spoon. Slice the avocado and squeeze a little lemon juice on it to retard the browning. Reserve the avocado. Season the scallops of veal with salt and pepper. Heat the extra-virgin olive oil and butter in a large skillet over medium to medium high heat. Add the veal and cook 2 minutes on each side. Remove the veal to a platter or individual plates. Add vermouth or wine to the pan and deglaze it, lifting  <END>
INPUT: Asian, soup, shrimp, fen szu, Chinese, pork, lard oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chinese Cabbage Soup | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 ounce dried shrimp, optional; 1/2 ounce fen szu (cellophane noodles); 1 Chinese (celery) cabbage, about 2 pounds; 1/2 pound lean pork (loin or shoulder); 2 tablespoons lard or cooking oil; 1 teaspoon soy sauce; 1 thin slice ginger; 3 cups boiling water; 1 tablespoon salt; 1 tablespoon sherry | INSTRUCTIONS: Wash dried shrimp. Drain. Soak in hot water. Soak fen szu separately in hot water for 15 minutes. Separate leaves of cabbage. Wash and drain. Stack leaves together and slit into halves lengthwise, then cut into 2" long sections. Slice pork thinly across the grain. Heat lard or cooking oil in saucepan. Add pork slices and ch'ao (stir fry) until whitish in color. Add dried shrimp with their soaking water, drained fen szu, soy sauce, ginger, 3 cups boiling water, salt. Bring to boil again. Add cabbage and cook over medium heat for 20 minutes. Just before serving add sherry and bring to a boil aga <END>
INPUT: biscookie, wheat pastry flour, baking powder, salt, granulated sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate Chip Biscookie | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/4 cups whole wheat pastry flour, plus more for dusting; 1 teaspoon baking powder; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 4 tablespoons (1/2 stick) unsalted butter, at room temperature; 1/4 cup granulated sugar; 1/4 cup brown sugar; 2 large eggs; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; 1/4 cup almond meal; 1/4 cup mini chocolate chips or chopped regular-size chocolate chips; 1/4 cup pecans, finely chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line a large rimmed baking sheet with parchment. Sift the flour, baking powder and salt in a medium bowl and set aside. Cream the butter, granulated sugar and brown sugar in a second medium bowl using a hand mixer on high speed, about 3 minutes. Add one egg at a time, making sure to mix well before each addition. Add the vanilla and almond meal and mix. Add the flour mixture to the egg mixture and beat until combined. The dough will be thick and sticky. Fold in the chocolate chips and pecans. Transfer the dough to a lightly-floured surface; divide in half. Us <END>
INPUT: limeade, lemons, limes, mint leaves, superfine sugar, water
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mint Lemon-Limeade | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 lemons, plus slices for garnish; 3 limes, plus slices for garnish; 1/3 cup fresh mint leaves; 3/4 cup superfine sugar, plus additional if desired, divided; 8 cups cold water | INSTRUCTIONS: Squeeze the juice from the lemons and limes over a strainer into a glass measuring cup (about 1 cup of juice). In the bottom of a tall pitcher, use a wooden spoon to gently mash the mint leaves with 1/4 cup of the sugar. Add the strained juice; stir well to dissolve the sugar. Add the cold water and the remaining 1/2 cup sugar to the pitcher; stir well to dissolve the sugar. Taste for sweetness and add more sugar, if desired. Chill before serving. Serve poured over ice in tall glasses garnished with lemon and lime slices. <END>
INPUT: oven, stick, coarse kosher salt, paprika, onion powder, garlic powder, low fat buttermilk
OUTPUT: TITLE: Oven-Fried Chicken-on-a-Stick with Vidalia-Honey Mustard Dipping Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon coarse kosher salt; 2 teaspoons paprika; 1 teaspoon onion powder; 1 teaspoon garlic powder; 1 cup low-fat buttermilk; 3 boneless, skinless chicken breasts, trimmed (1 1/2 pounds); 2 cups panko (Japanese) bread crumbs; 2 tablespoons canola oil; 2 large egg whites; 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard; Freshly ground black pepper; Vidalia-Honey Mustard Dipping Sauce, for serving, recipe follows; 1/4 cup apple cider vinegar; 1 Vidalia onion, peeled and quartered; 1 garlic clove | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large bowl, combine the salt, 1 teaspoon of the paprika, 1/2 teaspoon of the onion powder, and 1/2 teaspoon of the garlic powder. Add the buttermilk and whisk until the salt is completely dissolved and the spices are dispersed in the liquid. Cut the chicken lengthwise into about 1-inch-wide strips. Add to the marinade and let stand at room temperature for 30 minutes. (Do not marinate any longer or the chicken will be too salty. If you can't cook it right at the 30-minute mark, remove the chicken from the marinade and refrigerate until ready to continue.) In a large shallow dish (a 9 by 13 <END>
INPUT: butter, olive oil, chicken legs thighs, onion, whisky
OUTPUT: TITLE: Peach Whisky Chicken | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons butter; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 12 chicken legs or thighs, bone in, skin on; 1 yellow onion, diced; 1 1/2 cups whisky; 4 cups barbecue sauce; 1 cup peach preserves; 2 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce; 4 peaches, pitted and sliced into 8 slices each; Mashed potatoes, for serving; 3 green onions, sliced thin, for serving; Chopped fresh parsley, for serving | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the oven to 300 degrees F. Heat the butter and olive oil in a large skillet or pot over medium-high heat. Add the chicken pieces and cook until golden brown on all sides, about 5 minutes. Remove from the skillet and set aside. Add the onions to the skillet and stir and cook over medium heat until translucent, about 3 minutes. Pour in the whisky, taking care if you are cooking over an open flame. Cook for 3 minutes or so, allowing the whisky to cook and reduce. Grab your favorite bottled barbecue sauce and pour it into the pan. Add the peach preserves, Wor <END>
INPUT: slow, cooker, canola oil, beef chuck short, onions, carrots, parsnips
OUTPUT: TITLE: Slow Cooker Short Ribs | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 tbsp. canola oil; 3 pounds bone-in beef chuck short ribs; 2 medium onions, peeled and quartered; 2 medium carrots, cut into large chunks; 2 medium parsnips, cut into large chunks; 2 medium turnips, peeled and cut into large chunks; 4 sprigs fresh rosemary; 4 sprigs fresh thyme; 4 sprigs fresh parsley, stems and leaves separated; 1 tbsp. Worcestershire sauce; 1 tbsp. spicy brown mustard; 1 (12-ounce) dark stout beer, such as Guinness; Kosher salt; Black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large skillet over medium-high heat, add the oil. Season the short ribs with salt and pepper. When the oil is hot, brown the short ribs, in batches, until they are browned on all sides, about 3-4 minutes per side. While the short ribs are browning, place a layer of onion and carrot pieces into the bottom of a slow cooker and season them with salt and pepper. Place the browned meat on top. Add the remaining onions and carrots along with the parsnips and turnips. Tie together the rosemary and thyme with the parsley stems and add them to the pot along with the Worcestershire and mustard. Pou <END>
INPUT: Italian, garlic, virgin olive oil, baby spinach leaves, mozzarella
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Garlic, Spinach, and Tomato Pizza | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 whole head garlic; 3 tsp extra-virgin olive oil; 1 package (10 oz) refrigerated pizza dough, such as Pillsbury Refrigerated Pizza Crust; 2 cups chopped baby spinach leaves; 3/4 cup shredded mozzarella; 1/4 cup grated Parmesan; 3/4 cup halved cherry tomatoes; 1 tbsp pine nuts; Fresh basil leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: Roast the garlic: Slice 1/2 inch off the top of the garlic head and place cut side up on foil. Drizzle with 1 tsp oil and sprinkle with water. Wrap in foil and bake at 350°F for 50 minutes. When cooled slightly, squeeze roasted garlic out of the skins. To grill: Heat Foreman's Grilling Machine to the highest setting or make a medium-hot fire on a gas or charcoal grill. Roll out pizza dough on a lightly oiled baking sheet. Cut dough in half; shape into two 10-inch square pizzas. Do not make a rim. Grill dough on one side until grill marks show, about 3 minutes. Remove from grill. Place dough, g <END>
INPUT: soup, canola oil, beef shin, Kosher salt pepper, carrot, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Beef Mushroom Barley Soup | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons plus 1 teaspoon canola oil; One 1- 1/4 to 1-1/2 pounds beef shin on the bone, trimmed of excess fat; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 carrot, diced; 1/2 onion, diced; 1 rib celery, diced; 1/2 teaspoon dried thyme; 6 cups water; 1/3 cup pearl barley, rinsed; 1 cup chopped canned tomato; 1 tablespoon unsalted butter; 3/4 pound medium-sized button mushrooms, brushed, trimmed, and quartered; 3 tablespoons minced flat-leaf parsley | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat a large soup pot or Dutch oven over medium-high heat; add 2 tablespoons of the oil. Season the meat generously with salt and pepper. Sear the meat on all sides until well browned; this will take about 15 minutes. Set the meat aside and wipe the pan out with a paper towel. Lower the heat to medium, add the oil to the pan. Add the carrot, onion, and celery to the pan and saute until tender, about 10 minutes. Return the meat to the pan with the water. Bring to a boil, adjust the heat to maintain a gentle simmer, cover, and cook for 1 1/2 hours or until the meat is just tender. Add the thyme, <END>
INPUT: bananas, creme fraiche, strawberries, honey, cinnamon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Bananas with Cinnamon Creme Fraiche and Honey | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 20 bananas, ripe but still firm; 2 cups creme fraiche; 2 cups diced strawberries; 1 cup honey, for drizzling; Ground cinnamon | INSTRUCTIONS: Remove bananas from the bunch. Place whole bananas with skins on a preheated grill to medium. Grill for about 7 minutes turning once until the skins begin to brown and soften. Remove the bananas from the grill with tongs. Place them on a platter. Serve banana right in its skin. Using a paring knife, carefully cut a slit down the length of the banana and press it open to reveal the flesh. Top with a dollop of creme fraiche and some diced strawberries. Finish it off with a drizzle of honey and a sprinkle of cinnamon. Serve warm. Danny's note: This dish is a great make-your-own dessert. Just set  <END>
INPUT: peshe, vino, size peaches, wine, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Peshe al Vino - Peaches and Wine | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 8 medium-size ripe peaches peeled and pitted; 3 cups dry red wine; 1 tablespoon plus 1 teaspoon sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: Peel the peaches, pit them, and slice into bite-size wedges (you should have about 4 cups). Place in a large bowl and cover with the wine. Sprinkle the sugar on top and gently stir. Cover and leave at room temperature for 3 to 4 hours before serving. <END>
INPUT: cakes, baking powder, salt, egg whites
OUTPUT: TITLE: Vanilla Snack Cakes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 cup (90 grams) white spelt or all-purpose flour; 1/4 cup (30 grams) ground millet or cake flour; 1 teaspoon baking powder; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 4 egg whites; 1/3 cup (66 grams) cane sugar; 2 tablespoons honey; 1/4 cup (2 ounces) water; 2 tablespoons safflower oil; 4 egg yolks; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; 1 batch (about 1 cup) Snack Cake Crème | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350°F and lightly grease a canoe-style snack cake pan. If you don't have a snack cake pan, you can use 4-ounce loaf pans. Alternatively, create your own molds out of foil by shaping double thicknesses of aluminum foil around a spice bottle and setting the individual foil pieces next to each other in a cake pan. Sift the spelt flour, ground millet flour, baking powder, and salt together and set aside. In a dry mixer bowl with dry beaters, beat the egg whites until stiff, about 2 minutes. Transfer the beaten egg whites to a clean bowl and set aside. In the same mixer bowl, ad <END>
INPUT: salmon trout, mushrooms, onion, parsley thyme, butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Salmon with Champagne | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 large salmon or trout; 1 cup mushrooms, cut into slivers; 1 onion, cut into rings; 1 bunch parsley and thyme; 1 cup butter; 3 Tbs. fresh cream; 6 egg yolks; 1/4 cup lobster butter; salt and pepper; edible flower petals; 2 bottles of champagne | INSTRUCTIONS: FISH: Remove the skin from the fish and pierce the flesh of the fish with a fork. Put fish in a deep dish, season with salt and pepper, add 1/2 cup of mushroom slivers. Marinate for a few hours in champagne. Heat the oven to 350 degrees. Cook in a well-buttered pan in the oven for 40-50 minutes, adding onions, thyme and parsley, and the rest of the sliced mushrooms and drizzling the mixture with melted butter. After 20 minutes, add the marinade. Once cooked, keep the salmon warm on a heated platter. SAUCE: Pour the strained cooking liquid in a saucepan, reduce to one-fifth, add cream and reduc <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, charred, vinaigrette, onion, cherry tomatoes, olive oil, wine vinegar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mahimahi with Charred Onion, Tomatoes, and Tapenade Vinaigrette | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 1 medium red onion, cut lengthwise into 1/2-inch-thick wedges; 3/4 pound cherry tomatoes; 6 tablespoons olive oil, divided; 4 (6-ounces) skinless mahimahi fillets (1 inch thick); 1 tablespoon red-wine vinegar; 2 teaspoons black or green tapenade (olive paste); Accompaniment: plain or parmesan couscous | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat broiler and line a large shallow baking pan with foil. Toss onion and tomatoes with 3 tablespoons oil, 1/2 teaspoon salt, and 1/4 teaspoon pepper in lined baking pan, then spread evenly in one half of pan. Pat fish dry and sprinkle with 1/4 teaspoon each of salt and pepper, then arrange, skinned side down and spaced apart, next to vegetables in other half of pan. Drizzle fish with 1 tablespoon oil and broil 4 to 6 inches from heat until vegetables are charred and slightly wilted and fish is just cooked thourough, 12 to 15 minutes. Meanwhile, whisk together vinegar, tapenade, 1/4 teaspo <END>
INPUT: Oil, pure maple syrup, cider vinegar, mustard powder
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Maple-Glazed Acorn Squash | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Oil, for oiling grill grates; 1 stick (8 tablespoons) unsalted butter; 1/2 cup pure maple syrup; 2 tablespoons cider vinegar; 1/2 teaspoon dry mustard powder; 1/2 teaspoon crushed red pepper; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 acorn squashes (about 2 pounds each); 1 tablespoon chili powder; 1 teaspoon ground coriander; 1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 2 tablespoons toasted pepitas (roasted hulled pumpkin seeds) | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat a grill for cooking over medium heat. Lightly oil the grill grates. Melt the butter in a small saucepan and turn off the heat. Remove 1/4 cup of the melted butter and reserve. Whisk the maple syrup, cider vinegar, dry mustard, crushed red pepper, 3/4 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of pepper into the saucepan. Bring to a simmer and cook for about 4 minutes to reduce slightly. Remove the glaze from the heat and let cool. Set aside 1/3 cup of the glaze for drizzling at the end. Carefully halve the squashes from the stem to the bottom. Scoop out the seeds with a spoon and discard. Place th <END>
INPUT: Italian, salad, kalamata, tuna, artichoke hearts, roasted peppers, lemon zest, oregano
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tuna and Artichoke Salad on Kalamata Olive Bread with Provolone Cheese and Fresh Herb and Garlic Aio | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups drained canned tuna; 2/3 cup chopped artichoke hearts; 1/4 cup sliced roasted red peppers; 2 teaspoon minced lemon zest; 1 teaspoon dried oregano; 1 tablespoon chopped parsley leaves; Salt and pepper; 3 egg yolks; plus 1 whole egg*; 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard; 2 tablespoons roasted garlic; 1 lemon, juiced; 2 cups olive oil; 1 cup canola oil; 1 tablespoon minced fresh sage leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: In a bowl, combine all ingredients for the salad. Keep refrigerated until ready to serve. For the Aioli: In food processor combine first 5 ingredients. Turn on processor and slowly add the oils for emulsification. Add the herbs, and salt and pepper. This sauce is enough aioli for 10 sandwiches. Spread aioli on 1 slice of bread. Top with tuna salad, sliced red onion, cheese, and the other slice of bread. Grill on panini press for 3 to 5 minutes. <END>
INPUT: Italian, risotto, carrots, cornstarch, butter, Salt pepper, vegetable stock
OUTPUT: TITLE: Root Vegetable Risotto with Carrot Butter | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 8 to 10 large carrots; 1 teaspoon/5ml cornstarch, diluted in water; 1 cup/250ml butter, melted; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 4 cups/1liter vegetable stock, store-bought or homemade, recipe follows; 3 tablespoons/45ml olive oil; 2 cups/500ml peeled and diced celeriac; 2 cups/500ml peeled and diced parsley roots; 2 cups/500ml peeled and diced parsnips; 2 cups/500ml peeled and diced salsify; 2 shallots, finely chopped; 1/4 cup/60ml butter; 1 cup/250ml grated Parmigiano-Reggiano; 1/4 cup chopped fresh chives; 1/4 cup chopped fresh parsley | INSTRUCTIONS: For the carrot butter: Juice the carrots using a juicer (you should have 4 cups/1liter). If you don't have a juicer you can use store-bought carrot juice. Bring the carrot juice to a simmer in a small saucepan. Cook over low heat until reduced to 1 cup (250 ml), about 45 minutes. Add the diluted cornstarch. Slowly add the melted butter, using a hand mixer or whisk to incorporate it. Season with salt and pepper. For the risotto: Heat the vegetable stock in a saucepan. In a large skillet, heat the oil and saute the celeriac, parsley roots, parsnips, salsify and shallots. Add vegetable stock, one <END>
INPUT: American, tunisian, onion, garlic, olive oil, lemon juice, soy sauce
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tunisian Marinated Flank Steak | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup onion, finely chopped; 1 tablespoon chopped garlic; 1/2 cup olive oil; 1/2 cup lemon juice; 2 tablespoons soy sauce; 1 tablespoon dry sherry; 1/4 cup fresh oregano; 2 teaspoons hot sauce; 1 teaspoon tumeric; 1 teaspoon dried marjoram; Salt and pepper; 1 (2-pound) flank steak | INSTRUCTIONS: Set a jumbo zip lock bag in a large glass measuring cup. Combine all the ingredients in the plastic bag. Score the flank steak and place in the bag. Seal the bag and chill. Marinate at least 20 minutes and up to overnight. Heat a grill or grill pan. Remove the flank steak from the bag and pat dry. Grill 4 to 5 minutes per side. Let rest 5 to 10 minutes before carving. <END>
INPUT: osso, buco, lamb shanks, chicken broth, water, zucchini, egg
OUTPUT: TITLE: Osso Buco of Lamb Shanks with Zucchini and Avgolemono | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 lamb shanks (about 4 pounds total), cut crosswise into 1 1/2-inch -thick pieces by butcher; 1 3/4 cups chicken broth; 1/4 cup water; 3 zucchini (about 1 1/2 pounds total), cut into 1/4-inch-thick slices; 1 large egg; 1/3 cup fresh lemon juice; 1 tablespoon olive oil; 1 tablespoon minced fresh dill; Accompaniment: cooked orzo (rice-shaped pasta) | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 275°F. In a heavy casserole large enough to hold lamb shanks in one layer without crowding arrange shanks and season with salt and pepper. Roast shanks in middle of oven, covered tightly, 3 hours, or until tender. (Meat will give off juices as it cooks.) Pour off pan juices, reserving about 1 cup, and skim fat. Keep shanks warm, covered. In a small saucepan combine broth, reserved pan juices, water, and one-third zucchini and simmer 5 minutes, or until zucchini is tender but still bright green. In a blender purée broth mixture until smooth. In a bowl whisk together egg and lemo <END>
INPUT: olive oil, long grain rice, water, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mango Coconut Rice | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon olive oil; 1 1/2 cups long-grain rice; 1 (14-ounce) can unsweetened coconut milk; 2/3 cup water; 1 teaspoon salt; 1 large ripe mango, peeled and cubed | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large saucepan, heat the oil over medium-high heat. Add the rice and stir to coat with the oil. Add the coconut milk, water, and salt; bring to a boil. Stir in the mango. Cover, reduce heat to low, and simmer about 20 minutes or until the liquid is absorbed. Remove the rice from the heat and fluff with a fork. Place a clean, dry dish towel over the pan, cover with the lid, and let steam for 5 minutes before serving. <END>
INPUT: Italian, pasta, tilapia fillets, virgin olive oil, garlic, pepper flakes, wine
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spicy Pasta With Tilapia | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 pound tilapia fillets, cut into small chunks; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 3 cloves garlic, chopped; 1/2 to 3/4 teaspoon red pepper flakes; 1/2 cup dry white wine; 1 28-ounce can San Marzano tomatoes, crushed by hand; 1/2 cup chopped fresh basil, plus more for topping; Kosher salt; 10 ounces multigrain spaghetti; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley | INSTRUCTIONS: Toss the tilapia, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 teaspoon of the garlic and 1/4 teaspoon red pepper flakes in a medium bowl. Cover and refrigerate. Heat the remaining 1 tablespoon olive oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Add the remaining garlic and 1/4 to 1/2 teaspoon red pepper flakes and cook, stirring, until the garlic starts to soften, about 30 seconds. Add the wine and simmer until reduced by half, about 3 minutes. Add the tomatoes, 1/4 cup basil and 1/2 cup water. Bring to a boil and cook, stirring occasionally, until the sauce is slightly thickened, about 12 minutes. Meanwhile, bring  <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, sauce, tahini, lemon juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tahini Sauce | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup tahini (sesame seed paste)*; 1/2 cup fresh lemon juice; 1/2 cup (or more) hot water | INSTRUCTIONS: Spoon tahini into medium bowl. Add lemon juice and whisk until smooth. Add 1/2 cup hot water and whisk until well blended, adding more hot water by tablespoonfuls if mixture is very thick. Season to taste with salt. DO AHEAD: Can be made 1 day ahead. Cover and refrigerate. Sold at some supermarkets and at natural foods stores and Middle Eastern markets. Spoon tahini into medium bowl. Add lemon juice and whisk until smooth. Add 1/2 cup hot water and whisk until well blended, adding more hot water by tablespoonfuls if mixture is very thick. Season to taste with salt. DO AHEAD: Can be made 1 day  <END>
INPUT: olive oil more, Portuguese sausage, onion, garlic, Kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Beans with Kale and Portuguese Sausage | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup olive oil plus more for drizzling; 8 ounces Portuguese sausage (such as linguiça) or kielbasa sausage, sliced 1/2" thick; 1/2 medium onion, sliced; 4 garlic cloves, smashed; Kosher salt, freshly ground pepper; 1 cup dry white wine; 1 small piece Parmesan rind (optional); 2 chiles de árbol or 1/4 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes; 1 sprig thyme; 1 bay leaf; 4 cups low-sodium chicken broth; 1 15-ounce can diced tomatoes; 1 1/2 cups dried cranberry, navy, or cannellini (white kidney) beans (about 10 ounces), soaked overnight, drained; 4 cups baby kale or baby mustard greens; 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat 1/4 cup oil in a large heavy pot over medium heat. Add sausage and cook, turning occasionally, until browned, about 5 minutes. Add onion and garlic; season with salt and pepper. Cook, stirring occasionally, until onion begins to soften, about 5 minutes. Add wine and cook, scraping up browned bits from bottom of pot and stirring occasionally, until wine is reduced by half, about 3 minutes. Add Parmesan rind, if using, chiles, thyme, bay leaf, broth, tomatoes, and beans. Bring to a boil, reduce heat, cover, and simmer gently, stirring occasionally and adding water as needed to keep beans su <END>
INPUT: Italian, deconstructed, lasagna noodles, olive oil, onion, garlic, kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Deconstructed Lasagna | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 8 ounces lasagna noodles, broken into smaller pieces; 2 teaspoons olive oil; 1 medium yellow onion, halved and very finely chopped; 3 garlic cloves, very finely chopped or pressed through a garlic press; 2 teaspoons kosher salt; 1/2 teaspoon ground black pepper; 2 tablespoons roughly chopped fresh marjoram; Pinch of red pepper flakes; 1/2 pound lean ground beef; 2 cups canned whole tomatoes, chopped (or canned chopped tomatoes); 1/2 cup quartered bocconcini (mozzarella balls) or 1/2-inch pieces of fresh mozzarella; 2 tablespoons finely grated Parmesan cheese | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add the lasagna noodles and cook according to the package instructions until al dente. Drain in a colander and set aside. To a large, deep skillet or pot set over medium heat add the olive oil, onion, garlic, 1 teaspoon of the salt, and the black pepper, and cook until the onion is soft and sticky, -stirring often, for 6 to 7 minutes. Stir in the marjoram and red pepper flakes, and once they are fragrant, after 30 seconds, stir in the beef, using a wooden spoon to break it into small pieces. Cook, stirring often, until the beef is no longer pink, ab <END>
INPUT: more, pizza dough balls, slivered almonds, unsalted butter, sleeve graham crackers, chili powder
OUTPUT: TITLE: S'more Pizza | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 1-pound store-bought pizza-dough balls; 1/4 cup slivered almonds; 3 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1 sleeve graham crackers, crushed (about 1 1/4 cups crumbs); 1/2 teaspoon chili powder; 1/4 teaspoon cayenne pepper; 1/4 teaspoon fine sea salt; 3 cups mini marshmallows; 2 4-ounce dark chocolate bars, broken into 1/4-inch chunks | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Form the pizza dough into two 12-to-14-inch rounds, 1/4 inch thick. Bake, preferably on a pizza stone or pizza pan, for 4 to 6 minutes, or until just beginning to brown. Leave the oven at 400 degrees F. While the pizza crust is baking, toast the almonds in a medium dry skillet over medium-high heat. Transfer the almonds to a plate to cool. Melt the butter in the skillet. Add the graham cracker crumbs, chili powder, cayenne and salt. Cook for 2 to 3 minutes, until the crumbs are well coated. Remove from the heat and set aside. For each pizza, top the crust wit <END>
INPUT: sugar, eggs, honey, pure vanilla extract
OUTPUT: TITLE: Honey Vanilla Pound Cake | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 pound (2 sticks) unsalted butter, at cool room temperature; 1 1/4 cups sugar; 4 extra-large eggs, at room temperature; 2 tablespoons honey; 2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract; 1 teaspoon grated lemon zest; 2 cups sifted cake flour; 1 teaspoon kosher salt; 1/2 teaspoon baking powder | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees. Grease the bottom of an 8 1/2 x 4 1/2 x 2 1/2-inch loaf pan. Line the bottom with parchment paper, then grease and flour the pan. In the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, cream the butter and sugar on medium speed for 3 to 4 minutes, until light. Meanwhile, put the eggs, honey, vanilla, and lemon zest in a glass measuring cup but do not combine. With the mixer on medium-low speed, add the egg mixture, one egg at a time, scraping down the bowl and allowing each egg to become incorporated before adding the <END>
INPUT: wafer, granulated sugar, egg, cocoa powder, all purpose flour
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate Mint Wafer | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 8 tablespoons (1 stick) unsalted butter, room temperature; 1/2 cup granulated sugar; 1 large egg, room temperature; 1 cup cocoa powder; 1/2 cup plus 2 tablespoons all-purpose flour; Confectioners' sugar, for dusting; 1/4 cup heavy cream; 12 ounces semisweet chocolate; 2 to 3 drops peppermint oil (or 1/2 teaspoon peppermint extract) | INSTRUCTIONS: Make the cookies: In the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, cream butter and granulated sugar until completely smooth, about 3 minutes. Add egg, and continue mixing until well combined. In a small bowl, whisk together cocoa powder and flour. Add dry ingredients to butter mixture, and continue mixing, scraping the sides of the bowl down, until just combined. Divide the dough in half, and shape each half into a small disk; wrap in plastic wrap. Refrigerate until firm, at least 1 hour. (The dough can also be made a day ahead and refrigerated overnight.) Preheat oven to 3 <END>
INPUT: Mexican, salsa, rolls, rinsed beans, vine ripened tomato, pickled jalapenos, lemon juice, chili powder
OUTPUT: TITLE: Turkey and Black Bean Salsa Tortilla Rolls | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup rinsed drained canned black beans; 1 large vine ripened tomato, seeded and chopped; 2 pickled jalapenos, seeded and chopped (wear rubber gloves); 4 teaspoons fresh lemon juice; 1/2 teaspoon chili powder; Salt; 1/2 ripe hass avocado; 2 tablespoons lowfat plain yogurt; 4 (10-inch) whole wheat tortillas; 1/2 pound thinly sliced roast turkey breast; 1 cup packed fresh coriander sprigs, washed well, spun dry, and coarsely chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: In a bowl stir together black beans, jalapenos, 2 teaspoon lime juice, chili powder, and salt, to taste. In a food processor puree avocado, yogurt, remaining 2 teaspoons lime juice, and salt, to taste. (Alternatively, with a fork mash avocado mixture until smooth.) Spread avocado mixture evenly on tortillas and arrange turkey across each tortilla just below middle. Top turkey with salsa and coriander and roll up tortillas tightly, leaving ends open. Halve tortillas diagonally with a serrated knife. <END>
INPUT: American, crackers, goat cheese, butter, thyme, Zest lemon, Kosher salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Goat Cheese and Thyme Crackers | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 4 ounces goat cheese; 2 tablespoons butter, at room temperature; 4 sprigs thyme, leaves removed and lightly chopped; Zest of 1 lemon; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1/2 cup flour | INSTRUCTIONS: In a stand mixer with the paddle attachment blend the goat cheese and butter until smooth. Add the thyme, zest, and 1/4 teaspoon salt. Taste a bit, and season with more salt, if needed and add a few grinds of pepper. Add the flour and blend until smooth. Remove the dough and using a piece of plastic wrap to guide and mold, roll the dough into an 8-inch long log. Refrigerate for 2 hours. Heat the oven to 325 degrees F. Remove the dough log from the refrigerator and cut into 1/3-inch discs. Place on an ungreased parchment paper-lined baking sheet, about an inch apart. Bake until golden on top an <END>
INPUT: skinned sweet potatoes, apple cider apple, butter, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cider-Glazed Sweet Potatoes with Cranberries | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 1/2 pounds red-skinned sweet potatoes (yams), peeled, cut into 1-inch chunks; 1 1/2 cups apple cider or apple juice; 1/3 cup (packed) golden brown sugar; 5 tablespoons butter; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/4 teaspoon ground allspice; 1/2 cup dried cranberries; 1/3 cup finely chopped green onions | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook sweet potatoes in large pot of boiling salted water until halfway cooked (a knife inserted into center will encounter considerable resistance), about 5 minutes. Drain and cool. (Can be prepared 1 day ahead. Cover and refrigerate.) Combine cider, sugar, butter, salt and allspice in heavy large skillet over medium-high heat. Bring to boil, stirring often. Add sweet potatoes and cook 5 minutes. Add cranberries and continue cooking until liquid is reduced to syrupy glaze and sweet potatoes are tender, about 10 minutes. Season with salt and pepper. Transfer to bowl. Sprinkle with green onions. <END>
INPUT: Asian, crunchy, roll, Japanese rice, Sushi vinegar, shrimps, Salt, Flour
OUTPUT: TITLE: Crunchy Shrimp Roll with Ginger Sauce | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups Japanese rice; Sushi vinegar; 8 large shrimps, peeled, cleaned, tail-on and pressed by hand to make them straight; Salt; Flour; 2 eggs, beaten; Panko (Japanese bread crumbs); 4 large sheets of nori cut 2/3 size; Black sesame seeds; 1 avocado, cut in 8 strips; 1/2 hot house cucumber, peeled, seeded and cut into 4 long strips (the length of nori); Wasabi paste; Ginger Sauce, recipe follows; Red pepper flakes, for garnish; 2 golf ball-size ginger pieces, peeled and sliced | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook the rice ¿ 1 part rice to 2 parts water. This can be done in a rice cooker, steamer, or pot according to package directions. When rice is cooked, spread the rice on a large baking sheet and sprinkle with sushi vinegar. Mix well, but do not break the rice grains. Chill the rice to room temperature. Heat a deep fryer or a large pot halfway filled with oil to 360 degrees F. Season the shrimps with salt, dust them with flour, and roll them in eggs then in panko. Fry the breaded shrimps to golden brown. Remove to a paper towel lined plate. Place the nori on a cutting board, spread sushi rice o <END>
INPUT: American, nachos, tortilla chips, Neelys BBQ Seasoning, pork, Neely BBQ Sauce, nacho cheese
OUTPUT: TITLE: BBQ Nachos | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 bag tortilla chips; Neelys BBQ Seasoning; 6 ounces chopped pork, beef or chicken; 4 ounces Neely BBQ Sauce, warm, recipe follows; 4 ounces nacho cheese, melted; 1 (4-ounce) can sliced jalapenos, drained; 4 ounces paprika; 2 ounces white sugar; 1 teaspoon onion powder; 2 cups ketchup; 1 cup water; 1/2 cup apple cider vinegar; 5 tablespoons light brown sugar; 5 tablespoons sugar; 1/2 tablespoon fresh ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Mound tortilla chips in a pile on a platter. Sprinkle with Neelys BBQ Seasoning, to taste. Spread chopped pork, beef or chicken on top of chips. Sprinkle with seasoning again and pour the Neelys Barbeque Sauce onto meat. Top with melted nacho cheese. Lightly sprinkle more Neelys BBQ Seasoning onto cheese. Add jalapenos to the nachos for additional spice. Mix ingredients together and store in an airtight container for up to 6 months. In a large saucepan, combine all the ingredients. Bring mixture to a boil, reduce heat to a simmer. Cook uncovered, stirring frequently, for 2 hours. <END>
INPUT: salad, eyed peas, zucchini, fennel bulb, scallions, dill
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chopped Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 10 oz frozen black-eyed peas (not thawed); 1 lb zucchini, trimmed; 1 medium fennel bulb (sometimes labeled "anise"), stalks discarded; 1/2 cup finely chopped scallions (about 4); 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh dill; 3 tablespoons cider vinegar; 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 1 tablespoon coarse-grain mustard; 1/2 teaspoon black pepper; 1/2 teaspoon cayenne; 2 tablespoons salt; 1/3 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 2 3/4 cups fresh corn (from about 4 ears); 1 lb frozen shelled edamame (not thawed) | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring 3 quarts water to a boil in a 5- to 6-quart pot, then cook black-eyed peas, partially covered, until tender, about 20 minutes. While peas are cooking, cut zucchini and fennel into 1/4-inch dice. Whisk together scallions, dill, vinegar, lemon juice, mustard, pepper, cayenne, and 1 1/2 teaspoons salt in a large bowl. Add oil in a slow stream, whisking until emulsified. Add zucchini and fennel to dressing. When peas are tender, transfer with a slotted spoon to a sieve set over a large bowl, reserving cooking water in pot, and cool peas slightly, then add to salad. Return water to a boil and <END>
INPUT: steam, slivered almonds, beans, water, butter, Scant salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Steam-Sauteed Green Beans with Almonds and Parsley | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup slivered almonds; 1 pound green beans, stem ends trimmed; 1/3 cup water; 2 teaspoons butter, plus 2 teaspoons; Scant 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/4 teaspoon finely grated lemon zest; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh flat-leaf parsley; Freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat an 8 to 9-inch pot over medium-low heat. When it is hot, add almonds and toast, stirring frequently, until they are golden brown and fragrant, 2 to 3 minutes. Remove almonds from skillet and set aside. In the same pot add green beans, 1/3 cup water, 2 teaspoons butter, and salt, and cover. Increase heat to medium-high, cover and cook until steam escapes around lid. Set timer for 5 minutes and continue to steam until beans are brightly colored and just tender. Remove lid and continue to cook until water evaporates and beans start to saute, 1 to 2 minutes longer. Turn off heat, and stir in  <END>
INPUT: American, streusel, all purpose flour, unsalted butter, vegetable shortening, granulated sugar, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sweet Potato Streusel Pie | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cups all-purpose flour, plus more for dusting; 6 tablespoons cold unsalted butter, cut into small pieces; 2 tablespoons cold vegetable shortening; 1 tablespoon granulated sugar; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 3/4 cup all-purpose flour; 1/2 cup chopped hazelnuts, almonds or pecans; 1/2 cup packed light brown sugar; 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 2 cups canned sweet potato puree; 1 cup evaporated milk; 3/4 cup granulated sugar; 2 large eggs, lightly beaten; 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon | INSTRUCTIONS: Make the crust: Pulse the flour, 2 tablespoons butter, the shortening, granulated sugar and salt in a food processor until it looks like fine meal. Add the remaining 4 tablespoons butter and pulse until it is in pea-size pieces. Drizzle in 2 to 3 tablespoons cold water and pulse until the dough just comes together. Turn out onto a piece of plastic wrap; use the plastic to help form the dough into a disk. Wrap tightly and refrigerate until firm, at least 1 hour or overnight. (The dough can be frozen for up to 2 months; thaw at room temperature.) Roll out the dough into a 13-inch round on a ligh <END>
INPUT: Mexican, chili, tamales, beef brisket, kosher salt, water, canola oil, enchilada sauce
OUTPUT: TITLE: Red Chili Brisket Tamales with Cilantro Sour Cream | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 3-pound beef brisket; 2 tablespoons kosher salt; 6 cups water, divided; 4 tablespoons canola oil; 2 cups enchilada sauce, store-bought; 24 tamale husks; 2 cups masa harina (fine corn flour); 3 to 4 cups water; 2 tablespoons melted butter; 1 tablespoon kosher salt, or to taste; 1 container sour cream; 2 tablespoons chopped cilantro leaves; 1 garlic clove, minced; 1 lime, juiced; Salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: In medium braising pot, simmer beef in salt and 3 cups water for 1 hour or until meat can be shredded with a fork. Shred beef and let it cool completely. In a medium saute pan, add oil, and fry meat for 3 to 5 minutes or until crispy. Add enchilada sauce and simmer for 15 minutes. Soak husks in water for 30 minutes. Mix masa, water, butter and salt into a thick paste. Apply 5 tablespoons of the masa mix into the center of the corn husk. Push mix to 1-inch of the side of the husk. Add 2 tablespoons of the meat to center, fold 1 edge of the husk to the center, and then fold the other side to cov <END>
INPUT: moussaka, eggplant, russet potatoes, Salt needed, olive oil, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lamb and Eggplant Moussaka | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 lb eggplant (2 large or 3 medium); 2 large russet potatoes; Salt as needed; 1/3 cup olive oil, or as needed; 2 cups diced onion; 1 1/4 lb ground lamb (or substitute beef, turkey, pork, or combination); 2 cups chopped plum tomatoes; 2 tsp minced garlic; 2 cloves; Small piece cinnamon stick (or 1/4 tsp ground cinnamon); 1 bay leaf; Pinch ground allspice; Freshly ground black pepper, as needed; 1/2 cup water; 2 tbsp tomato paste | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. Peel, salt, and rinse the eggplant if desired (see note "Preparing Eggplant for Cooking" below). 2. Place potatoes in a pot and add enough water to cover them. Over medium-high heat bring them to a boil and boil lightly for 5 minutes. Cool, cut into 1/8-inch slices, and set aside. 3. Heat about 1 tablespoon of olive oil in a skillet over medium-high heat until it shimmers. Add the eggplant to the hot oil a few slices at a time and sautéthe eggplant slices, turning as necessary, until tender and lightly colored, 2 to 3 minutes on each side. Transfer to a rack to drain while you sauté the rem <END>
INPUT: Italian, Cook's® Ham, linguine, virgin olive oil, garlic, capers
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cook's Ham Linguine | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 2 Cups Cook's® brand Bone-in Ham, shredded into medium-sized pieces; 1 pound linguine; 4 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, divided; 3 garlic cloves, minced; 2 tablespoons capers; 1 cup peas, fresh or frozen, thawed; Zest and juice of 2 lemons; 1 teaspoon sea salt; 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 1 cup mint, chopped; 1 cup basil, chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. While the pasta is cooking, heat 2 tablespoons olive oil in a non-stick skillet over medium-high heat. When the pan begins to smoke, sauté the garlic for one minute. Add the ham and continue to sauté until the ham begins to brown. Finally, add the capers and the peas, sauté for one more minute. 2. While the skillet is still hot, drain the pasta and add to the ham mixture. Add the lemon zest, juice, salt, pepper, and 2 more tablespoons of olive oil. Sauté for 1-2 minutes to let the flavors combine. Remove from heat and toss with herbs. Serve immediately. <END>
INPUT: jugged, Kippers, Butter, Lemons
OUTPUT: TITLE: Jugged Kippers | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Kippers; Butter; Lemons | INSTRUCTIONS: Cut the heads and tails off the kippers. Put them in a jug, head end first, and pour boiling water into the jug to fill it, making sure the kippers remain upright. Cover the jug with a plate and leave for 4 to 5 minutes. Pour off the water, and put the kippers on the plate with a knob of butter and a lemon wedge each. Eat some bread and butter with it--it helps the bones go down! Good brown bread and unsalted butter are best.; <END>
INPUT: Italian, lasagna noodles, virgin olive oil, beef, Italian sausage, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: The Ultimate Lasagna | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 2 pound dried lasagna noodles; Extra-virgin olive oil; 2 pounds ground beef; 2 pound ground Italian sausage; 1 onion, chopped; 2 cloves garlic, sliced; 3 carrots, chopped; 2 stalks celery, chopped; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh basil; 1/4 cup finely chopped Italian flat-leaf parsley; 1 tablespoon chopped oregano leaves; 2 tablespoons all-purpose flour; 2 cups red wine; 2 (28-ounce) cans tomatoes (recommended: San Marzano); 3 tablespoons heavy cream | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Cook the lasagna noodles in plenty of boiling salted water until pliable and barely tender, about 10 minutes. Stir with a wooden spoon to prevent sticking. Drain the noodles thoroughly and coat with olive oil to keep them moist and easy to work with. Coat a large skillet with olive oil, add beef and sausage and brown until no longer pink, about 10 minutes. Season with salt and pepper. In a food processor, combine the onion, carrots, celery, garlic, basil, parsley, an oregano. Process until pureed, add to the pan with the ground meat <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, bay leaves, garlic, blood orange, Kosher salt, Israeli couscous
OUTPUT: TITLE: Israeli Couscous with Celery, Scallions and Cranberries | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 2 bay leaves; 2 cloves garlic, 1 smashed and the other finely chopped; 1 blood orange, zested in wide strips; Kosher salt; 1 cup Israeli couscous; 1/2 cup dried cranberries; 1/4 cup champagne vinegar; 3 scallions, greens sliced and whites sliced thinly on the bias; 2 ribs celery, sliced thinly on the bias; 1/2 bunch fresh parsley, finely chopped; Big fat finishing oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Fill a medium saucepan with water. Add the bay leaves, smashed garlic and zest. Salt the water generously and bring it to a boil over medium-high heat. When boiling, add the couscous. Cook until cooked through, 7 to 8 minutes, and then drain. Discard the bay leaves, garlic and zest. Meanwhile, in a large bowl, toss together the chopped garlic, cranberries, vinegar, scallion whites and celery. Season with salt and let sit for 20 minutes to soften. Stir in the couscous, parsley and scallion greens. Drizzle with oil. Taste and re-season. Serve warm or at room temper <END>
INPUT: Asian, salted, roast, star anise, Szechuan peppercorns, coriander seeds, fennel seeds
OUTPUT: TITLE: Salted Roast Turkey with Orange, Fall Spices, and Sherry Gravy | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 2 whole star anise*; 2 teaspoons Szechuan peppercorns**; 1 teaspoon whole cloves; 1 teaspoon coriander seeds; 1 teaspoon fennel seeds; 1 cinnamon stick, broken into 3 pieces; 1/3 cup plus 1 tablespoon coarse kosher salt; 1 large orange, peel removed in long strips with vegetable peeler and finely chopped (about 2 tablespoons); orange reserved for another use; 1 14- to 16-pound turkey (neck, heart, and gizzard reserved); 5 large green onions, chopped; 1 whole large orange, coarsely chopped with peel; 1/4 cup finely chopped peeled fresh ginger; 2 whole star anise*; 1 cinnamon stick, broken into 3 pieces; 2 tablespoons soy sauce | INSTRUCTIONS: For asian-spiced salt: Coarsely grind first 5 ingredients in spice mill; transfer to small bowl. Place cinnamon stick in spice mill and grind coarsely; add to bowl. Mix in coarse salt. DO AHEAD: Can be made 1 week ahead. Cover and store at room temperature. Stir orange peel into Asian-spiced salt before using. Coarsely grind first 5 ingredients in spice mill; transfer to small bowl. Place cinnamon stick in spice mill and grind coarsely; add to bowl. Mix in coarse salt. DO AHEAD: Can be made 1 week ahead. Cover and store at room temperature. Stir orange peel into Asian-spiced salt before using. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, corn, Cilantro Lime Butter, unsalted butter, cilantro leaves, lime
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Corn on the Cob with Cilantro Lime Butter | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 6 ears corn, shucked; Cilantro Lime Butter, recipe follows; 2 sticks unsalted butter, at room temperature; 1/4 cup chopped cilantro leaves; 1 lime, zested and juiced; 2 teaspoons salt; 3/4 teaspoon cayenne pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. Coat each ear of corn in 2 tablespoons of the cilantro lime butter and wrap individually in foil. Roast until hot and steaming, about 25 minutes. Serve with extra butter on the side. Put the butter in a mixing bowl and, using a rubber spatula, mix in the cilantro, lime zest, lime juice, salt and cayenne. Use immediately or refrigerate. Yield: 3/4 cup <END>
INPUT: russet potatoes, virgin olive oil, kosher sea salt, pepper, chives
OUTPUT: TITLE: Baked Potatoes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 small russet potatoes; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1 teaspoons kosher or sea salt, plus for seasoning; Freshly ground black pepper; 1 bunch chives (about 1-ounce); 1/2 cup sour cream; 4 tablespoons unsalted butter; 2 slices bacon, cooked crispy, and crumbled, optional garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Toss the potatoes in a bowl with the oil, salt, and pepper until completely coated. Place on a baking sheet and bake until fork tender, about 45 minutes. Meanwhile, bring a small pot of water to a boil and salt it generously. Fill a medium bowl with ice water. Put the chives in the boiling water and cook until bright green, about 30 seconds. Immediately, plunge into the ice water to set the color. Squeeze all the water out of the chives and give them a rough chop. Put into a blender with the sour cream. Pulse until you have a smooth green sauce and season wit <END>
INPUT: Mexican, puffs, chorizo sausage, manchego cheese, onions, water, unsalted butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chorizo Puffs | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup finely diced chorizo sausage, casing removed; 3/4 cup small diced manchego cheese; 1/4 cup green onions, white and green parts, thinly sliced; 1 cup water; 1/4 pound unsalted butter, cut into small cubes; 1/4 teaspoon fine salt; 1 cup all-purpose flour, plus extra for dusting; 4 eggs; Vegetable oil, for frying; 4 teaspoons Spice Mixture, recipe follows; 1/2 cup kosher salt; 1/4 cup ground coriander; 2 tablespoons ground cumin; 2 tablespoons Spanish sweet paprika; 2 teaspoons cayenne pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: a large pastry bag fitted a large plain tip, an electric mixer fitted with a paddle attachment Heat a small saute pan over low heat and lightly cook the chorizo. Remove from the pan and let cool. Combine the chorizo, cheese, and green onion and set aside. Put the water, butter, and salt in a heavy 4-quart saucepan. Bring to a boil over high heat, stirring occasionally, to melt the butter. Remove from the heat and add the flour all at once. Stir with a wooden spoon until the dough comes together to form a ball. Return the pan to medium-high heat and beat constantly until a fi <END>
INPUT: pralines, granulated sugar, half half, butter, baking soda, pecans
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pecan Pralines | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups granulated sugar; 1 cups half-and-half; 1/3 stick butter; 1/8 teaspoon baking soda; 1 1/2 cups whole pecans | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine all ingredients except the pecans in a heavy saucepan. Over medium heat stir mixture until it comes to a boil. Turn heat down to medium-low and continue to stir. Spoon mixture up on sides of pan to melt any sugar that hasn't melted. Cook until mixture reaches 238 to 241 degrees F on a candy thermometer or soft ball stage. Stir in the pecans. Remove from heat. Stir until the mixture begins to thicken and becomes creamy and cloudy. Drop onto parchment paper, buttered pan or buttered marble slab, using a spoon or ice cream scoop. Let cool. A viewer, who may not be a professional cook, pro <END>
INPUT: fudge, brownies, cherry preserves, whipping cream, bittersweet, unsalted butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cherry-Fudge Brownies with Chocolate Sauce and Chocolate-Dipped Cherries | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/3 cup cherry preserves; 3/4 cup whipping cream; 8 ounces bittersweet (not unsweetened) or semisweet chocolate, chopped; 3 ounces bittersweet (not unsweetened) or semisweet chocolate, chopped; 5 tablespoons unsalted butter; 3/4 cup sugar; 2 large eggs; 1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract; 2/3 cup all purpose flour; 1/2 teaspoon baking powder; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 3/4 cup dried tart cherries (about 3 1/2 ounces); 1/3 cup semisweet chocolate chips; 1/4 cup cherry preserves; Powdered sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: Make sauce: Press preserves through fine strainer into heavy medium saucepan. Add cream and bring to simmer. Remove from heat. Add chocolate and whisk until melted and smooth. (Can be made 2 days ahead. Cover; chill. Rewarm before serving.) Press preserves through fine strainer into heavy medium saucepan. Add cream and bring to simmer. Remove from heat. Add chocolate and whisk until melted and smooth. (Can be made 2 days ahead. Cover; chill. Rewarm before serving.) Make brownies: Preheat oven to 350°F. Butter 11 x 7-inch metal baking pan. Stir chopped chocolate and butter in heavy small saucep <END>
INPUT: fully, loaded, unsalted butter, garlic, carrot, celery, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fully-Loaded Cheesy Potato Soup with Gina's Spinach Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 tablespoons unsalted butter; 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped; 1 carrot, finely chopped; 1 rib celery, finely chopped; 1 onion, finely chopped; 1/4 cup all-purpose flour; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 3 cups chicken stock, plus more if needed; 1 cup whole milk; One 12-ounce bottle light-bodied beer; 2 large russet potatoes, peeled and chopped; 2 cups grated extra-sharp Cheddar (about 8 ounces); Dash hot sauce; Dash Worcestershire sauce; Sour cream, for topping | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Melt the butter in a large saucepan over medium heat. Add the garlic, carrots, celery and onions, and cook until the vegetables begin to soften, about 4 minutes. Sprinkle the flour into the saucepan to toast the flour, stirring constantly, about 2 minutes. Sprinkle with salt and pepper. Gradually whisk in the stock, and then the milk and beer. Stir in the potatoes and bring the soup to a boil. Reduce the heat and simmer the soup until the potatoes are tender, 20 to 30 minutes. Remove the saucepan from the heat and, using an immersion blender, puree the soup until <END>
INPUT: sweet potatoes, butter, sugar, cinnamon, nutmeg
OUTPUT: TITLE: Candied Sweet Potatoes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 pounds sweet potatoes; 6 tablespoons butter; 1 1/2 cups sugar; 1 teaspoon cinnamon; 1 teaspoon nutmeg; 2 teaspoons vanilla extract; 1/4 teaspoon almond extract; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 1/4 cup peach liqueur, like Schnapps; 1 teaspoon lemon zest; 1 teaspoon orange zest; 1 cup orange juice; 1 lemon, juiced; 1/2 orange, sliced | INSTRUCTIONS: Peel and slice sweet potatoes. Put in a large pot of lightly salted water. Bring to a boil. Boil 5 minutes, drain and cool. Put sweet potatoes into a 2 quart casserole, dot with the butter. Mix sugar with next 8 ingredients and mix well. Sprinkle over sweet potatoes. Pour orange juice and lemon juice over sweet potatoes. Cover with the sliced oranges. Bake in a preheated 350-degree oven for 45 minutes to 1 hour. <END>
INPUT: American, sandwich, Kosher salt, pepper, Olive oil, onions
OUTPUT: TITLE: Steak Sandwich | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 (12-ounce) 1-inch thick New York strip boneless beef top loin steak; Kosher salt; Freshly ground black pepper; Olive oil; 2 yellow onions, sliced in rings; 1/2 teaspoon fresh thyme leaves; 1 recipe Mustard Mayo, recipe follows; 2 mini focaccia buns, sliced in 1/2; 1/2 cup baby arugula; 3/4 cup good mayonnaise; 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard; 1 tablespoon whole-grain mustard; 2 tablespoons sour cream; 1/8 teaspoon kosher salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Season the steak liberally with salt and pepper on both sides. Heat 1 tablespoon of olive oil in a medium saute pan over high heat until it's almost smoking, then sear the steak on each side for 1 minute. Reduce the heat to low and cook the steak for about 7 to 10 minutes, turning once, until very rare in the middle. Remove to a plate, cover tightly with aluminum foil, and allow to sit for 10 minutes. Slice the steak into strips. Using the same saute pan, heat 1 1/2 tablespoons of olive oil over medium heat. Add the onion and thyme and saute for 10 minutes, until the onions are brown and caram <END>
INPUT: Italian, calzone, Flour, Basic Pizza Dough, spinach, milk ricotta cheese, ball mozzarella
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spinach and Ricotta Calzone | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: Flour, for rolling dough; 1/2 recipe Basic Pizza Dough, recipe follows; 5 ounces frozen chopped spinach, thawed and squeezed of excess water; 1 cup whole milk ricotta cheese; 1 small ball fresh mozzarella, grated; 3/4 teaspoon kosher salt; 5 grinds black pepper; Coarse cornmeal, for dusting baking sheet; 2 tablespoons olive oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 450 degrees F. Lightly dust the work surface and rolling pin with flour. Roll the dough out into an 8 by 11-inch oval. In a medium bowl, mix the spinach, ricotta, and mozzarella and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Place all the filling on 1 half of the dough leaving a 3/4-inch border along the edge. Fold the remaining dough over the filling until the edges line up and pinch the edges together to seal. Gently roll the pinched edges under to form a decorative rim. Place the calzone on a baking sheet dusted with cornmeal and brush the top with olive oil. Bake until golden b <END>
INPUT: croquettes, butter, flour, milk, chicken broth, lemon juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Turkey Croquettes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 tablespoons butter; 1/2 cup flour; 1 cup milk; 1 cup chicken broth; 2 teaspoons lemon juice; 2 tablespoons snipped parsley; 2 teaspoons grated onion; 1/2 teaspoon celery salt; Dash each pepper, paprika, and nutmeg; 4 cups ground, cooked turkey; 3/4 cup fine bread crumbs; 2 eggs mixed with water; Flour, for dredging | INSTRUCTIONS: In a medium-size saucepan, melt butter. Blend in flour and add milk and chicken broth. Cook and stir until mixture thickens and bubbles, and continue cooking for 1 minute more. Add lemon juice, snipped parsley, and onion. Stir in celery salt and a dash each of pepper, paprika, and nutmeg. Cool. In a large mixing bowl, combine sauce with the ground turkey. Chill thoroughly. With wet hands, shape mixture into balls. Roll balls one at a time in bread crumbs. Lightly shape balls into cones. For each croquette, dip it into the mixture of egg and water, then roll in bread crumbs. Again, dip croquett <END>
INPUT: Mexican, soup, reduced sodium chicken, lowfat milk, cumin, bay leaves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cumin Pumpkin Soup | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 (15-ounce) can pumpkin (not pie filling); 1 1/2 cups reduced-sodium chicken broth; 1 cup lowfat milk; 1 teaspoon ground cumin; 2 bay leaves; Salt and ground black pepper; Fresh sage leaves; Popcorn and pumpkin seeds, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: In a medium saucepan, whisk together pumpkin, broth, milk, and cumin. Add bay leaves and set pan over medium heat. Season with salt and pepper. Bring to a simmer. Simmer 10 minutes. Remove from heat, remove bay leaves and season, to taste, with salt and black pepper. Garnish with sage, popcorn and pumpkin seeds before serving. <END>
INPUT: cornstarch, all purpose flour, eggs, panko breadcrumbs, seasoned breadcrumbs
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fried Shrimp | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup cornstarch; 1/2 cup all-purpose flour; 3 large eggs; 1 cup panko breadcrumbs; 1/2 cup seasoned breadcrumbs; 1 1/2 pounds peeled and deveined jumbo shrimp, butterflied; Vegetable oil, for shallow frying; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; Cocktail Sauce, recipe follows; 2 cups ketchup; 2 heaping tablespoons prepared horseradish | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: a deep-frying thermometer Combine the cornstarch and flour in one bowl, then beat the eggs and 1/2 cup water in a second bowl. In a third bowl, combine the panko and seasoned breadcrumbs. Bread the shrimp by dipping them first in the flour mix, then the egg wash, then the breadcrumbs. Heat about 1/2 inch of oil in a nonstick skillet over medium heat to 350 degrees F. Fry the shrimp in batches until golden and crispy, approximately 2 minutes per side. Drain on a paper towel-lined plate and season with salt and pepper. Serve with Cocktail Sauce. Stir together the ketchup and h <END>
INPUT: covered, hash, oatmeal, sugar, butter, vanilla, corn syrup
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate Peanut Butter Covered "Hash Browns" | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 cups oatmeal; 1 cup brown sugar; 2/3 cup melted butter, plus more for greasing pan; 2 teaspoons vanilla; 1/2 cup corn syrup; 1 (12-ounce) bag chocolate chips; 2/3 cup chunky peanut butter | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F. Butter a 9 by 13 inch pan. In a large bowl, mix the oatmeal, brown sugar, butter, vanilla and corn syrup. Spread the mixture into the prepared pan and bake 15 minutes. Cool for 10 minutes. Cut into bars. For the Frosting: Combine chocolate chips and peanut butter in a double boiler and melt. Mix well. Spread on baked and cooled cookie bars. Refrigerate until frosting hardens. <END>
INPUT: ripe, plantains, Vegetable oil, Kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fried Ripe Plantains | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 yellow plantains; Vegetable oil, for frying; Kosher salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Cut the ends off the plantains and cut them into 2 pieces. Peel them and slice them in half lengthwise. In a large skillet over medium-high heat add 1/4 cup oil and fry the plantains slowly until they are browned and caramelized, about 15 minutes. Drain on paper towels. Season with salt and serve. <END>
INPUT: Italian, spaghetti, greek, slice homemade type, milk, lamb, garlic, mint leaves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spaghetti with Greek Meatballs and Tomato Feta Sauce | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 slice of homemade-type white bread, torn into pieces; 1/4 cup milk; 1 pound ground lamb; 1 teaspoon minced garlic; 1/3 cup minced fresh mint leaves; 3 tablespoons minced scallion; 1/8 teaspoon cinnamon; 1/2 teaspoon salt, or to taste; 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground pepper, or to taste; 1 cup finely chopped onion; 3 tablespoons olive oil; 2 28-ounce cans Italian plum tomatoes, drained in a colander; 1/2 cup dry white wine; 2 tablespoons finely grated carrot; 1/2 teaspoon minced garlic | INSTRUCTIONS: Make the meatballs: In a bowl let the bread soak in the milk for 3 minutes. Add the lamb, garlic, mint, scallion, cinnamon, salt, and pepper, and combine the mixture well. Roll the mixture into 1-inch balls, in a large kettle brown the meatballs over moderate heat for 5 minutes, or until they are just firm to the touch, and transfer them with a slotted spoon to a plate. Make the sauce: In the kettle cook the onion in the oil over moderately low heat, stirring occasionally and scraping up the brown bits, until it is softened. Add the tomatoes, chopping them with a spoon, and stir in the wine, c <END>
INPUT: salad, bacon, Kosher salt, broccoli crowns, cherry tomatoes, roasted almonds
OUTPUT: TITLE: Broccoli Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 slices bacon; Kosher salt; 1 pound broccoli crowns, cut into florets (3 crowns); 1 quart cherry tomatoes; 1/2 cup roughly chopped roasted almonds; 1/2 cup dried cranberries; 1/2 cup edamame; 2 teaspoons Dijon mustard; 2 teaspoons red wine vinegar; 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with foil. Place the bacon on the prepared baking sheet. Bake until crisp, 10 to 15 minutes. Allow to cool, and then crumble. Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add the broccoli florets in batches and boil until bright green, 1 to 2 minutes. Add to a large bowl of ice water to stop the cooking, or add to a colander in the sink and run with cold water. Drain well and place in a large bowl. Add the tomatoes, almonds, dried cranberries and edamame to the bowl with the broccoli and toss. Whisk together  <END>
INPUT: Italian, tiramisu, lemon juice, water, sugar, whipping cream, cinnamon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lemon Hazelnut Tiramisu | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup fresh lemon juice (from 1 lemon); 1/4 cup water; 1/3 cup sugar; 1 1/2 cups whipping cream; 1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 5 tablespoons sugar; 1 (15-ounce) container mascarpone cheese, at room temperature; 1/2 cup hazelnut liqueur (recommended: Frangelico); 48 soft or hard ladyfinger cookies; 1 1/4 cups lightly chopped (about 5 ounces) toasted and skinned hazelnuts; 1 lemon, zested | INSTRUCTIONS: In a small saucepan, combine lemon juice, water and sugar over medium heat. Bring to a boil, reduce heat and simmer for 2 minutes, stirring occasionally, until the sugar has dissolved. Take the pan off the heat and allow the syrup to cool.; Whip the cream in a large bowl until thick. Add the cinnamon and 2 tablespoons of the sugar and continue to whip until the cream holds soft peaks. In another bowl, cream together remaining sugar and mascarpone cheese for 30 seconds. Mix 1/4 of the cream into the mascarpone. Using a rubber spatula, fold in the remaining whipped cream. Set aside. Place the ha <END>
INPUT: Asian, butter, garlic, ginger, carrots, parsnips
OUTPUT: TITLE: Glazed Carrots, Parsnips and Pearl Onions | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons butter; 1 tablespoon minced garlic; 1 tablespoon minced ginger; 1 cup carrots, 1/4-inch dice; 1 cup parsnips, 1/4-inch dice; 1 cup red pearl onions, blanched and peeled; 1 cup chicken stock; 1 tablespoon dark soy sauce; Salt and black pepper, to taste | INSTRUCTIONS: In a medium hot skillet, add 1/2 tablespoon of butter and cook the garlic and ginger until soft, about 1 minute. Add the carrots, parsnips and onions and season. Cook 5 minutes to soften then add the stock, soy sauce and simmer. Reduce by 50 percent, about 12 to 15 minutes and check for seasoning. Lift with the butter and reserve hot. Wine Recommendation: Olmos Reward, Frankland Estate, Australia <END>
INPUT: salt, mint
OUTPUT: TITLE: New Potatoes with Mint | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 pints (1.2 litres/5 cups) water; 2 pounds (900 grams) new potatoes, such as Home Guard or British Queens; 1 teaspoon salt; A sprig of fresh mint | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring the water to a boil. Scrub the potatoes. Add the salt and a sprig of mint to the water, and then add the potatoes. Cover the saucepan, bring back to the boil, and cook for 15 to 25 minutes, depending on size. Drain and serve immediately in a hot serving dish. <END>
INPUT: flan, water, sugar, egg yolks, eggs, orange zest
OUTPUT: TITLE: Orange Flan | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons water; 1 1/4 cups sugar, divided; 8 large egg yolks; 4 whole large eggs; 2 teaspoons grated orange zest; 1 cup fresh orange juice; 1 cup unsweetened plain almond milk; 1 1/2 teaspoons orange-flower water; 1/4 teaspoon salt; Equipment: an 8-to 9-inch round ceramic or glass baking dish or metal cake pan (2 inches deep) | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 325°F with rack in middle. Bring water and 1/2 cup sugar to a boil in a small heavy saucepan over medium heat, stirring until sugar has dissolved, then wash down any sugar crystals from side of pan with a pastry brush dipped in cold water. Boil, without stirring, swirling pan occasionally so caramel colors evenly, until dark amber. Immediately pour caramel into baking dish and tilt to coat bottom (dish will be hot). Cool until hardened, 10 to 15 minutes. Whisk together remaining ingredients, including remaining 3/4 cup sugar (or blend in a blender). Pour custard over caramel. B <END>
INPUT: American, meringue, superfine sugar, milk, lemon, egg yolks
OUTPUT: TITLE: Baked Lemon Meringue Pie | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 (4-ounce) package cook and serve lemon pudding mix; 3/4 cup superfine sugar; 3 cups whole milk; 1 lemon, juiced; 3 egg yolks; 1 baked pie crust (in a 9-inch deep pie plate); Lemon Whipped Cream, recipe follows; 2 cups heavy cream; 1 lemon, zested and juiced; 1 cup powdered sugar; Candied lemon peel, garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. In a medium saucepan, mix together the pudding mix and sugar. Slowly whisk in the milk and lemon juice until smooth. Beat the egg yolks in a small bowl and add them to the pan. Whisk until incorporated. Bring the mixture to a boil over medium-high heat, stirring constantly with a rubber spatula until thickened. Allow to cool in an ice bath. Pour the filling into the pie crust and refrigerate until set, about 1 hour. Cut into wedges and serve with Lemon Whipped Cream.; In a chilled mixing bowl add the heavy cream, lemon zest, lemon juice and powdered sugar. Using  <END>
INPUT: Asian, cups, stir, butter lettuce leaves, Asian sweet chili, scallions, soy sauce
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lettuce Cups with Stir-Fried Chicken | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 16 large butter lettuce leaves; 1/2 cup Asian sweet chili sauce; 1 pound skinless, boneless chicken thighs, minced; 2 scallions, minced; 2 tablespoons soy sauce; 1 teaspoon cornstarch; 2 tablespoons peanut oil; 3 medium shiitake mushrooms (about 1 ounce), stemmed, minced; 2 garlic cloves, minced; 1 teaspoon minced peeled fresh ginger; 1/4 cup unsalted, roasted cashews, chopped; Ingredient Info: Asian sweet chili sauce is available at better supermarkets and at natural foods stores | INSTRUCTIONS: Arrange lettuce leaves on a large platter. Pour chili sauce into a small bowl; place on platter with leaves. Mix chicken, scallions, soy sauce, and cornstarch in a medium bowl; marinate 10 minutes at room temperature, stirring occasionally. Heat oil in a large nonstick skillet. Add mushrooms; stir-fry 15 seconds. Add garlic and ginger and stir-fry 10 seconds. Add chicken mixture and cook, stirring often, until golden brown and cooked through, about 3-4 minutes. Spoon chicken mixture into lettuce leaves, dividing equally. Garnish with cashews. Roll leaves around filling and dip into chili sauce <END>
INPUT: deviled, water, distilled vinegar, beet, shallot, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Beet-Pickled Deviled Eggs | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 cups water; 1 cup distilled white vinegar; 1 small beet, peeled and sliced; 1 small shallot, sliced; 1 teaspoon sugar; 1 Turkish or 1/2 California bay leaf; 12 hard-boiled large eggs, peeled; 1 teaspoon caraway seeds, toastedcooled; 1/3 cup mayonnaise; 1 tablespoon grainy mustard; 1 tablespoon finely chopped flat-leaf parsley; Equipment: an electric coffee/spice grinder or a mortar and pestle | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring water, vinegar, beet, shallot, sugar, bay leaf, and 1/2 teaspoon salt to a boil in a 2-quart saucepan, then simmer, covered, until beet is tender, about 20 minutes. Cool completely, uncovered. Put beet mixture in a container with eggs and marinate, chilled, gently stirring once or twice, at least 2 hours. Finely grind caraway seeds in grinder. Remove eggs from beet mixture and pat dry (discard beet mixture). Cut in half lengthwise and remove yolks. Mash yolks with mayonnaise, mustard, parsley, and half of caraway. Season with salt and pepper, then divide among egg whites. Sprinkle with r <END>
INPUT: Indian, slow, cooker, cubed beef stew, skinned potatoes, Madras curry powder, cumin, ginger
OUTPUT: TITLE: Slow-Cooker Beef Curry | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 2 1/2 pounds cubed beef stew meat; 1 pound small red-skinned potatoes, quartered; 2 tablespoons Madras curry powder; 1 1/4 teaspoons ground cumin; 2 tablespoons finely chopped peeled ginger; 2 large cloves garlic, grated; Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper; 5 slices naan bread; 2 15-ounce cans diced fire-roasted tomatoes; 1 1/4 cups fresh cilantro; 1/4 cup sliced pickled jalapeno peppers, plus 1 tablespoon brine from the jar | INSTRUCTIONS: Toss the beef and potatoes with the curry powder, 1 teaspoon cumin, 1 tablespoon ginger, the garlic, 1 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of pepper in a 6-quart slow cooker. Crumble 1/2 slice of naan into small pieces over the beef and potatoes, then pour in the tomatoes. Cover and cook on low, 7 hours. Uncover and skim off any fat from the top of the mixture. Stir well to combine, then let stand 10 minutes. Meanwhile, combine the cilantro, pickled jalapenos and brine, 1/4 cup water and the remaining 1/4 teaspoon cumin and 1 tablespoon ginger in a food processor. Pulse until combined; season with  <END>
INPUT: roll, puff pastry, parsley, thyme, butter, shallot
OUTPUT: TITLE: Salmon and Spinach Roll in a Puff Pastry | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 package puff pastry (2 sheets); 1 tablespoon fresh parsley, chopped; 1 tablespoon fresh thyme, chopped; 4 tablespoons butter; 1/2 shallot, chopped; 1 1/2 cups frozen chopped spinach, thawed and drained; 3 8-ounce salmon filets, diced; salt and pepper; olive oil; Dill Hollandaise | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. Preheat oven to 350 degrees. 2. Put 2 sheets of puff pastry on top of each other. Roll out puff pastry on a lightly floured surface into a rectangle approximately 12 by 15 inches. Sprinkle with parsley, thyme, salt, and pepper. 3. In a sauté pan, melt 2 tablespoons of butter and sauté the shallots until translucent. Add spinach and sauté for 3 minutes. Remove from heat and cool mixture. 4. Spread spinach over pastry, top with diced salmon, and season with salt and pepper. 5. Roll up pastry, tucking ends in as you roll. Wrap pastry in parchment paper buttered with 2 tablespoons of butter and <END>
INPUT: Mexican, schnitzel, buerre, Four lobster tails, panko breadcrumbs, all purpose flour, Salt pepper, egg
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lobster Schnitzel with Key Lime Buerre Blanc | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: Four 6-ounce lobster tails; 1 cup panko breadcrumbs; 1/2 cup all-purpose flour; Salt and pepper; 1 large egg, beaten; 1/2 cup white wine; 1 shallot diced; 1/4 cup chicken stock; 2 ounces key lime juice; 1 stick (8 tablespoons) unsalted butter, cold and cut into cubes; 1/4 cup clarified butter | INSTRUCTIONS: Remove the meat of the lobster tails, making sure to keep them intact. One by one, pound the tails thin: Cover the top and bottom with plastic wrap, place on a hard surface and use a smooth mallet to gradually pound the tail to less than 1 inch thick and uniform. Repeat with each tail. Place the panko and flour and in separate shallow dishes. Season the flour with salt and pepper. Place the egg in another dish. Place the dishes in the order of egg, flour and panko. Take a lobster tail and rinse with the egg, letting the excess drip off before placing it in the flour, lightly coating both sides <END>
INPUT: American, chickens, Neely's Italian Dressing, Neely's Barbecue Seasoning, Neely's Barbecue Sauce, mustard
OUTPUT: TITLE: Barbecue Chicken | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 chickens (or 4 whole bone-in chicken breasts) halved lengthwise; 1 1/2 cups Neely's Italian Dressing, recipe follows; 1/4 cup Neely's Barbecue Seasoning, recipe follows; 1 cup Neely's Barbecue Sauce, recipe follows; 2 tablespoons ground mustard; 2 garlic cloves, smashed; 1 tablespoon crushed red pepper flakes; 1/2 teaspoon dried basil; 1/2 teaspoon dried oregano; 1 tablespoon sugar; 2 tablespoons Neely's Barbecue Seasoning; 1/3 cup red wine vinegar; 1 cup canola oil; Salt and pepper; 1 1/2 cups paprika | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Rinse chicken halves in cold water and pat dry with paper towels. Place chicken in a large bowl or baking dish, coat with Italian dressing and evenly season with Neely's Barbecue Seasoning. For best results, allow the chicken to marinate in the refrigerator overnight. If cooking inside: Take the chicken out of the refrigerator and brush chicken with Neely's Barbecue Sauce. Place into a preheated 350 degree F oven for 45 minutes. If grilling outside: Thirty minutes before you're ready to cook, take the chicken out of the refrigerator and allow it to come to room t <END>
INPUT: fudgy, birthday, devil's food cake, water, vegetable oil, eggs, vanilla extract
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fudgy Chocolate Birthday Cake | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 box devil's food cake mix (1 pound 2.25 ounces); 1 cup water; 1/3 cup vegetable oil; 3 large eggs; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; 1 cup sour cream; 2 12-ounce packages semisweet chocolate chips (4 cups); 1/2 cup seedless raspberry jam; 3 tablespoons unsalted butter; 2 cups powdered sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: Position rack in center of oven and preheat to 350°F. Butter three 8-inch-diameter nonstick cake pans with 1 1/2-inch-high sides. Place devil's food cake mix, 1 cup water, 1/3 cup vegetable oil, eggs, vanilla extract and 1/4 cup sour cream in large bowl. Using electric mixer, beat batter 2 minutes. Stir in 1 cup semisweet chocolate chips. Divide batter among prepared pans (about 1 3/4 cups batter for each). Bake until tester inserted into center of cake layers comes out clean, about 25 minutes. Cool cake layers in pans on racks 15 minutes. Run small sharp knife between pan sides and cake layer <END>
INPUT: American, alla, valtellinese, water, salt, Polenta Taragna, unsalted butter, Tallegio cheese
OUTPUT: TITLE: Polenta Taragna alla Valtellinese | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 3 1/2 cups water; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1 cup Polenta Taragna; 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, cut into pieces; 4 ounces Tallegio cheese, sliced; Freshly ground black pepper, to taste | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring the water and salt to a boil in a large saucepan. Reduce the heat to moderately low so that the water comes to a simmer. Begin pouring in the polenta taragna by the handful, in a thin stream, very slowly, and stir constantly with a long handled wooden spoon to avoid lumps. Keep the mixture at a bare simmer and stir frequently. (It is not necessary to stir constantly if the polenta is cooked on low heat.) After all the polenta is added, stir in 3 tablespoons of the butter and cook the polenta for 20 to 25 minutes. As it cooks, the polenta will thicken considerable; just keep stirring, and <END>
INPUT: maxine, turkey giblets, turkey neck, celery, celery leaves, flat leaf parsley
OUTPUT: TITLE: Maxine's Turkey Stuffing | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 bag turkey giblets; 1 turkey neck; 4 celery stalks, coarsely chopped, divided; 1/2 cup celery leaves; 3 sprigs flat-leaf parsley plus 1/3 cup leaves; 8 black peppercorns; 1 bay leaf; 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, cubed, plus more; 1 pound breakfast sausage, casing removed; 1 12-ounce bag Pepperidge Farm Herb Seasoned Stuffing; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine giblets (reserve liver), neck, 1 chopped celery stalk, celery leaves, parsley sprigs, peppercorns, and bay leaf in a large saucepan. Add 6 cups water; bring to a boil. Lower heat; simmer for 30 minutes. Add liver; simmer until broth measures 4 cups, about 30 minutes longer. Strain; reserve broth. Pick meat from neck and chop giblets; set aside. Preheat oven to 350°F. Butter a 2-quart baking dish. Cook sausage in a large skillet over medium heat until browned and cooked through, about 10 minutes. Chop parsley leaves and remaining celery in a processor. Add neck meat, giblets, and sausag <END>
INPUT: electric, limeade, handful mint leaves, simple syrup, light rum, lime juice, blood orange juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Electric Blood Orange Limeade with Muddled Mint | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 handful fresh mint leaves; 1/4 cup simple syrup (equal amounts sugar and water, heated until sugar dissolves; cool); 1 cup light rum; 1/2 cup fresh lime juice; 1/2 cup fresh blood orange juice; 1 cup sparkling water; 4 cups crushed ice; Blood orange segments and fresh mint sprigs, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Using a mortar and pestle, muddle mint until the oils are released (you will smell the mint). Pour the simple syrup into a large pitcher. Add rum, lime juice and blood orange juice and stir vigorously. Add the crushed mint and the sparkling water. Divide the ice among 4 glasses or cups. Pour the limeade mixture into each glass and garnish with blood oranges and fresh mint sprigs. A viewer, who may not be a professional cook, provided this recipe. The Food Network Kitchens chefs have not tested this recipe and therefore, we cannot make representation as to the results. <END>
INPUT: long, island, Tanqueray London, Smirnoff No. Vodka, Captain Morgan Silver, Cuervo Especial Gold, triple sec
OUTPUT: TITLE: Captain Morgan Long Island Iced Tea | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: .25 oz. Tanqueray London Dry (25 oz. per bottle); .25 oz. Smirnoff No. 21 Vodka (25 oz. per bottle); .25 oz. Captain Morgan Silver Spiced (25 oz. per bottle); .25 oz. Cuervo Especial Gold (25 oz. per bottle); .25 oz. triple sec; 1 oz. sweet and sour mix; 6 oz. cola; 1 lemon wedge | INSTRUCTIONS: Add Tanqueray London Dry, Smirnoff No.21 Vodka, Captain Morgan Silver Spiced, Cuervo Especial Gold, triple sec, and sweet and sour mix in ice-filled collins glass and stir. Top with cola. Garnish with lemon wedge (optional). <END>
INPUT: Italian, puffs, egg yolk, water, Parmesan, all purpose flour, egg
OUTPUT: TITLE: Parmesan Puffs | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 large egg yolk; 1 tablespoon water; 1/3 cup freshly grated Parmesan; 2 teaspoons all-purpose flour; 2 large egg white; 1/4 teaspoon vinegar; 2 tablespoons fine dry bread crumbs; vegetable oil for deep-frying | INSTRUCTIONS: In a small bowl whisk together the egg yolk, the water, the Parmesan, and the flour. In a bowl with an electric mixer beat the egg whites with the vinegar until they hold soft peaks, stir half the whites into the yolk mixture with the bread crumbs, and fold in the remaining whites gently but thoroughly. In a skillet heat 1/4 inch of the oil until it registers 350°F. on a deep-fat thermometer, into it drop the batter in batches by 1/4 teaspoons, and fry the puffs, turning them, for 1 minute, or until they are browned and crisp. Transfer the puffs as they are cooked with a slotted spoon to paper <END>
INPUT: Asian, sour, soup, Chinese egg noodles, sesame oil, vegetable chicken stock, peanut oil, piece ginger
OUTPUT: TITLE: Savory Sour Chicken Noodle Soup | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 4 ounces dried Chinese egg noodles; Toasted sesame oil; 6 cups vegetable or chicken stock; 2 tablespoons peanut oil; 1/2-inch piece fresh ginger, peeled and thinly sliced; 1 red Fresno chile, sliced; 6 boneless skinless chicken thighs, sliced into 1/2-inch-thick slices; 1 tablespoon Shaohsing rice wine or dry sherry; One 6-ounce block fresh extra-firm tofu, chopped into long strips; 3 fresh shiitake mushrooms, stemmed and sliced; One 8-ounce can bamboo shoots, drained and chopped into long strips; 1/2 medium napa cabbage, chopped into 1/2-inch strips (about 4 cups), white and green parts separated; 2 to 3 tablespoons light soy sauce; 2 to 3 tablespoons black rice vinegar; Sea salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook the egg noodles in 1 quart boiling water until al dente, about 3 minutes. Drain and toss with a small amount of toasted sesame oil to prevent sticking. Set aside. Have the stock heating in a pot. Heat a large wok over high heat. When the wok begins to smoke, add the peanut oil. Stir-fry the ginger and chile for less than 30 seconds. Add the chicken and let settle for 1 minute before stir-frying. As the chicken begins to brown, add the rice wine and stir-fry until the wine has almost evaporated. Carefully stir in the tofu. Then add in the mushrooms, bamboo shoots and the white parts of the <END>
INPUT: pound, cake, fragrant almond oil, unsalted butter, sugar, almond paste, lemons
OUTPUT: TITLE: Almond Pound Cake with Lemon | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup fragrant almond oil; 5 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened to room temperature; 3/4 cup sugar; 12 ounces almond paste, cut into pieces; 2 large lemons, zested and juiced; 5 large eggs; 1/2 cup flour mixed with 1 teaspoon baking powder; 1/3 cup lemon juice; 2 tablespoons sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: Using a tablespoon or so of the almond oil, lightly oil the bottom of an 8-inch cake pan. Line with a round of parchment, lightly oil this with another tablespoon or so of the oil and then dust with flour shaking out the excess. With an electric mixer beat the butter, remaining oil (you should have around 1/3 cup) and sugar together until fluffy, about 4 minutes. Add the almond paste, lemon zest and juice and beat until smooth. Beat in the eggs 1 at a time making sure each is fully incorporated before adding the next. Fold in the flour and baking powder. Pour batter in prepared pan and bake in <END>
INPUT: American, three, frittata, Olive oil, jalapeno, bell pepper, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Three Pepper and Goat Cheese Frittata | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: Olive oil, for cooking vegetables; 1 jalapeno, chopped; 1 red bell pepper, chopped; 1 yellow bell pepper, chopped; 1/2 onion, chopped; 6 eggs; 1 teaspoon dried oregano; Salt and pepper; 4 ounces goat cheese, crumbled; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh basil; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley; 1 avocado, sliced | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the broiler. Heat some olive oil in a well-seasoned 10-inch cast-iron skillet over medium heat. Add the jalapenos, red peppers, yellow peppers and onions and cook, stirring occasionally, until soft, about 4 minutes. In a bowl, beat the eggs with the oregano and a pinch of salt and pepper, then pour into the skillet. Stir with a heatproof spatula, letting uncooked egg run under the cooked egg and veggies. Scatter the goat cheese, basil, cilantro and parsley over the top. Transfer the skillet to the broiler; broil until cooked through, about 3 minutes. Run the spatula around the edge of  <END>
INPUT: oven, bell peppers, onions, corn
OUTPUT: TITLE: Oven Roasted Corn | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 16 tablespoons (2 sticks or 1/2 pound) unsalted butter, cubed, divided; 3 red bell peppers, stems and seeds removed and diced; 3 green bell peppers, diced; 2 large white onions, diced; 2 pounds frozen corn; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 teaspoons freshly chopped parsley leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Melt 1 stick of the butter in a large skillet and saute the red and green peppers and onions until tender. Remove from heat and add the rest of the butter. Refresh the frozen corn under cold running water and drain thoroughly. Mix pepper and mixture with corn, and place on a roasting tray place in the oven and roast until golden brown, about 15 to 20 minutes. Season, to taste, with salt and pepper, and serve garnished with chopped parsley. <END>
INPUT: Italian, risotto, chicken stock, water, virgin olive oil, onion, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Butternut Squash Risotto | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 quart chicken stock; 1 cup water; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1 small onion, chopped; 2 cloves garlic, grated or chopped; 2 cups Arborio rice; 1 cup dry white wine; 1 (10-ounce) box cooked frozen butternut squash; Nutmeg, grated, to taste; 2 tablespoons butter; 7 or 8 leaves fresh sage, slivered; 1 cup grated Parmigiano Reggiano | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring 1 quart stock plus 1 cup water to a simmer in a sauce pot then reduce heat to low. Heat a medium skillet over medium to medium-high heat with olive oil. When oil ripples, add the onions and garlic and soften 2 to 3 minutes. Add rice and toast 2 to 3 minutes more. Add wine and cook it out completely, stirring occasionally, 2 to 3 minutes. Ladle in stock in intervals, a couple of ladles at a time. Allow liquids to evaporate each time. Risotto will cook 18 minutes, total, from the first addition of liquid. Defrost the squash in your microwave in a dish to collect any liquids and stir in squ <END>
INPUT: soup, pistou, onion, salt, summer squash, carrots
OUTPUT: TITLE: Summer-Squash Soup with Parsley Mint Pistou | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 stick (6 tablespoons) unsalted butter, cut into pieces; 1 medium onion, halved lengthwise and thinly sliced crosswise; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 2 lb yellow summer squash, halved and thinly sliced; 2 carrots, thinly sliced; 1 yellow-fleshed potato (1/2 lb), peeled, halved; 4 cups chicken stock or reduced-sodium chicken broth; 3/4 cup loosely packed fresh mint leaves; 1/2 cup loosely packed fresh flat-leaf parsley sprigs; 1 large scallion, chopped (1/2 cup); 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 2 tablespoons water; 1/4 teaspoon salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Make soup: Melt butter in a 6- to 8-quart wide heavy pot over moderate heat, then cook onion with salt, stirring, until softened, about 8 minutes. Add squash, carrots, potato, and stock and bring to a boil. Reduce heat, then simmer, partially covered, until vegetables are very tender, about 20 minutes. Remove from heat and cool soup, uncovered, 10 minutes. Working in batches, purée; soup in a blender until smooth (use caution when blending hot liquids) and transfer to a bowl. Return puré to cleaned pot and thin with water if desired; simmer 3 minutes. Season with salt. Melt butter in a 6- to 8 <END>
INPUT: herbs, thyme, sage, olive oil, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Braised Veal Breast with Herbs, Pernod, and Tomatoes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 (4 3/4- to 5-pound) large end of veal breast (about 8 bones), cut between bones into individual ribs; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh thyme; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh sage; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1 large onion, halved, thinly sliced; 8 large garlic cloves, chopped; 2 large shallots, sliced; 3 anchovy fillets, chopped; 1 cup dry white wine; 1/4 cup Pernod or other anise-flavored liqueur; 1 14 1/2-ounce can diced tomatoes in juice; 1 cup low-salt chicken broth; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh tarragon; 1 (10-ounce) bag pearl onions, peeled; 1 cup brine-cured green olives (such as picholine; about 6 ounces) | INSTRUCTIONS: Sprinkle veal ribs on all sides with salt, pepper, thyme, and sage. Heat oil in heavy large wide pot over medium-high heat. Add half of ribs and sauté until brown, turning occasionally, about 10 minutes. Transfer ribs to bowl. Repeat with remaining ribs. Reduce heat to medium-low. Add onion, garlic, and shallots to pot. Cover and cook until soft, occasionally scraping up any browned bits, about 8 minutes. Mix in anchovy fillets; cook 1 minute. Add white wine and Pernod. Increase heat and boil mixture 3 minutes. Add diced tomatoes with juice, chicken broth, and chopped fresh tarragon; stir to b <END>
INPUT: Asian, salad, Kosher salt, Asian wheat noodles, low sodium soy, sesame oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Peanut-Chicken Noodle Salad | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: Kosher salt; 4 ounces thin Asian wheat noodles; 1 tablespoon low-sodium soy sauce; 1 teaspoon toasted sesame oil; 2 skinless, boneless chicken breasts (about 8 ounces each); 1 large handful unsalted cashews; 1 red jalapeno or Fresno chile pepper, seeded and finely chopped; 1/2 English cucumber, halved lengthwise and thinly sliced; 1 small handful bean sprouts; 1 small handful chopped fresh cilantro; 1 scallion, thinly sliced; For the peanut sauce:; 1 tablespoon peanut oil; 2 small shallots, finely chopped; 3 tablespoons crunchy peanut butter | INSTRUCTIONS: Make the salad: Bring a medium pot of salted water to a boil; add the noodles and cook as the label directs. Drain, then toss with the soy sauce and sesame oil in a large bowl; cover and chill until needed. Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Reduce the heat to medium low, add the chicken and simmer until cooked through, about 10 minutes. Drain and shred the chicken; set aside. Heat a wok or medium skillet over medium-high heat. Cook the cashews, stirring, until browned, about 3 minutes. Let cool slightly, then place in a plastic bag and bash with a rolling pin. Make the peanut sauce: <END>
INPUT: American, oven, dried, virgin olive oil, tomatoes romas, garlic, thyme, sheet puff pastry
OUTPUT: TITLE: Oven-Dried Tomato Tart with Goat Cheese and Black Olives | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 5 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, divided; 6 medium tomatoes or large romas, cored, halved crosswise, seeded; 2 small garlic cloves, thinly slivered; 2 tablespoons minced fresh thyme, divided; 1 sheet frozen puff pastry (half of 17.3-ounce package), thawed; 1 cup coarsely grated whole-milk mozzarella cheese; 1/2 cup soft fresh goat cheese (about 4 ounces); 2 large eggs; 1/4 cup whipping cream; 1/3 cup oil-cured black olives, pitted; 2 tablespoons freshly grated Parmesan cheese | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 300°F. Line rimmed baking sheet with foil; brush foil with 1 tablespoon oil. Place tomato halves, cut side up, on baking sheet. Sprinkle garlic and 1 tablespoon thyme over tomatoes; drizzle remaining 1/4 cup oil over. Sprinkle lightly with salt and pepper. Bake until tomatoes begin to shrink and are slightly dried but still soft, about 2 hours. Cool tomatoes on sheet. (Can be prepared 1 day ahead. Store in single layer in covered container in refrigerator.) Roll out pastry on lightly floured surface to 13-inch square. Transfer pastry to 9-inch-diameter tart pan with removable b <END>
INPUT: Italian, cheeseburgers, onion, beef, tomato arugula pesto, mozzarella, olive oil brushing
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Mozzarella Cheeseburgers with Dried Tomato and Arugula Pesto | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 large red onion; 2 pounds ground beef; 3/4 cup dried tomato and arugula pesto, or to taste; 6 ounces mozzarella, cut into 6 slices; olive oil for brushing onion; 6 hamburger buns, grilled lightly if desired; 1 1/2 cups packed arugula, washed well and spun dry; 1/3 cup drained bottled dried tomatoes packed in oil; 1/4 cup olive oil; 3 tablespoons freshly grated Parmesan; 2 tablespoons pine nuts, toasted golden and cooled; 1 large garlic clove, chopped and mashed to a paste with 1/2 teaspoon salt; a pinch sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: To make the cheeseburgers: Prepare grill. Cut six 1/4-inch-thick slices from center of onion and reserve. Divide beef into 6 portions. Form indentation in each portion and spoon rounded teaspoon pesto into each indentation. Form beef portions into six 3/4-inch-thick patties, enclosing pesto completely. Grill patties on an oiled rack set 5 to 6 inches over glowing coals 5 minutes. Turn burgers and grill 3 minutes more. Top burgers with mozzarella and grill 2 minutes more, or until just cooked through. Transfer burgers to a platter and let stand while grilling onion. Brush onion on both sides wi <END>
INPUT: rustica, tomato puree, Italian melting cheese, prosciutto di Parma, onion, capers
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Pizza Rustica | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups tomato puree; 1 pound Italian melting cheese, such as fontina, coarsely grated; 4 ounces prosciutto di Parma; 1 small red onion, peeled and thinly sliced; 1/4 cup capers; 1/2 cup roasted red peppers, drained and thinly sliced; 4 ounces freshly grated pecorino Romano; 4 ounces bel paese, sliced; 1/2 cup jarred Italian eggplant; 4 jumbo shrimp, halved, de-veined, and grilled; 4 sprigs basil, leaves only, roughly torn; Salt and freshly ground pepper; 1/2 cup olive oil, plus more for greasing the pans; Grilled Pizza Dough, recipe follows; 1 1/3 cups lukewarm water | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat a grill with coals on one half and bricks on the other (so that there is a hot and cool side). Assemble all of your topping ingredients on a big platter. Lightly oil a sheet pan and roll and stretch one ball of dough until it is approximately 12-inches in length and 8-inches across. It is not necessary to make a perfect circle, but the dough should be an even thickness of 1/8-inch. Carefully stretch the dough onto the hot side of the grill and cook until the dough puffs on top, crisps on the bottom, and grill marks appear, about 1 to 2 minutes. Flip the dough onto the cool side of the  <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, oven, dried, vine tomatoes, virgin olive oil, Kalamata olives, picked thyme, Salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Oven Dried Tomato and Black Olive Tians | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 10 vine ripe tomatoes; 4 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil; 3 ounces Kalamata olives, pitted; 2 ounces freshly picked thyme; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; Chickpea shortbread, recipe follows; 15 ounces all purpose flour; 5 ounces chickpea flour; Salt; 1/2 to 1 teaspoon cumin; 16 ounces cold butter, cut into small pieces; 4 ounces pureed chickpeas; 1 egg | INSTRUCTIONS: Blanch the tomatoes in salted boiling water, remove, and shock in ice water. Peel the tomatoes and reserve the peel for the fried garnish. Cut each tomato into four pieces and remove the inner seed core. Season the tomatoes with salt, pepper, and extra virgin olive oil. Place the tomato slices on a meat rack, and bake for 1 hour in a 250 degree F oven. Remove the tomatoes from the oven and cool. When the tomatoes are cool, finely dice them and place on paper towels to dry. When drained, season the tomatoes with olive oil, salt, pepper and fresh thyme (you may need just a pinch of red wine vine <END>
INPUT: Mexican, cumin seeds, chick peas, soft tofu, lemon juice, virgin olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chick-Pea Cumin Dip | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon cumin seeds; a 19-ounce can chick-peas (about 2 cups drained); 12 ounces soft tofu; 3 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, or to taste; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1/4 cup chopped fresh flat-leafed parsley leaves plus additional for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: In a dry small heavy skillet toast cumin seeds over moderate heat, shaking pan, until a shade darker and transfer to a plate to cool. In a sieve rinse and drain chickpeas. Drain tofu. In a food processor purée chick-peas, tofu, cumin seeds, lemon juice, and 1 tablespoon oil until chick-peas are smooth. Stir in parsley and salt and pepper to taste. Drizzle dip with remaining tablespoon oil and garnish with parsley. Serve dip with pita toasts and/or crudités. In a dry small heavy skillet toast cumin seeds over moderate heat, shaking pan, until a shade darker and transfer to a plate to cool. In a <END>
INPUT: tacos, lemon juice, shallot, Dijon mustard, virgin olive oil, Coarse salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Frico Tacos with Mache | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 teaspoons fresh lemon juice; 1 small shallot, minced; 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard; 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil; Coarse salt and freshly ground pepper; 4 small bunches mache, stems removed to yield about 2 cups leaves; 1 recipe Asiago Frico, shaped into 2 dozen taco shells, recipe follows; 9 ounces Asiago cheese, grated on the fine holes of a box grater to yield 3 1/2 cups; 1 tablespoon all-purpose flour | INSTRUCTIONS: In a small bowl, whisk together lemon juice, shallot, and mustard. Whisk in olive oil. Add salt and pepper, to taste. Gently toss mache with the vinaigrette. Carefully place mache into the frico tacos and serve. Assemble as close to serving time as possible.; In a medium bowl, toss cheese and flour together. Heat a medium nonstick skillet over medium-low heat. Sprinkle 1 1/2 tablespoons of the cheese mixture into the pan to form a circle about 4 inches in diameter. Cook until the cheese is somewhat melted but not firm, about 2 minutes. Using a spatula, turn the cheese over, and cook until it i <END>
INPUT: American, deep, dish, Granny Smith apples, Zest lemon, Zest orange, lemon juice, orange juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Deep-Dish Apple Pie | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 4 pounds Granny Smith apples, peeled, quartered and cored; Zest of 1 lemon; Zest of 1 orange; 2 tablespoons freshly squeezed lemon juice; 1 tablespoon freshly squeezed orange juice; 1/2 cup sugar, plus 1 teaspoon to sprinkle on top; 1/4 cup all-purpose flour; 1 teaspoon kosher salt; 3/4 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1/2 teaspoon ground nutmeg; 1/8 teaspoon ground allspice; Perfect Piecrust (see below); 1 egg beaten with 1 tablespoon water, for egg wash; 12 tablespoons (1 1/2 sticks) very cold unsalted butter; 3 cups all-purpose flour | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees. Cut each apple quarter in thirds crosswise and combine in a bowl with the zests, juices, 1/2 cup sugar, flour, salt, cinnamon, nutmeg and allspice. Roll out half the pie dough (see right) and drape it over the pie pan to extend about 1/2 inch over the rim. Don't stretch the dough; if it's too small, just put it back on the board and re-roll it. Fill the pie with the apple mixture. Brush the edge of the bottom piecrust with the egg wash so the top crust will adhere. Top with the second crust and trim the edges to about 1 inch over the rim. Tuck the edge of the t <END>
INPUT: American, straws, butter, Parmesan cheese, sharp Cheddar Gruyere, Dijon mustard, all purpose flour
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cheese Straws | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup butter, room temperature; 8 ounces Parmesan cheese, finely grated; 8 ounces sharp Cheddar or Gruyere cheese, finely grated; 3/4 teaspoon Dijon mustard; 2 1/3 cups all-purpose flour; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 1 teaspoon baking powder; 1/4 to 1/2 teaspoon ground hot red pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 375 degrees. Cut the butter into thin pieces, approximately tablespoon-size, and beat with an electric hand mixer in a very large mixing bowl until butter is soft. Add all the cheese and beat with the butter until the mixture is smooth. Stir in the mustard. Whisk together the flour, salt, baking powder, and hot red pepper. Add to the butter mixture and beat until combined. Form into a ball. Press dough out with a cookie press into straws, following manufacturer's instructions, or use the following procedure: Divide dough into fourths. On waxed paper, roll each piece into a rect <END>
INPUT: Mexican, Tomatillo Salsa, Poblano chiles, Romaine lettuce leaves, cilantro, scallions
OUTPUT: TITLE: Green Rice | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 recipe Tomatillo Salsa, recipe follows; 6 Poblano chiles, roasted, peeled and seeded; 5 Romaine lettuce leaves; 2 bunches cilantro, stems and leaves; 4 scallions, white and green parts; 6 garlic cloves, peeled; 1/2 cup cold water; 2 teaspoons salt; 1/4 cup vegetable oil; 3 cups long-grain rice, rinsed; 1 pound tomatillos, husked, washed and cut into quarters; 2 - 4 large jalapeno chiles, stemmed, seeded if desired and roughly chopped; 1/2 cup cold water; 1/2 medium onion, cut in half; 2 bunches cilantro, stems and leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Pour the tomatillo salsa into a food processor or a blender. Add the Poblano chiles, lettuce leaves, cilantro, scallions, garlic, water and salt and process until liquified. Set aside. In a medium skillet heat vegetable oil over medium-low heat. Add rice, stirring constantly, until golden and crackling, about five minutes. Pour in the reserved green puree and stir to combine. Transfer to a 4-quart baking dish, cover with foil and bake until the liquid is absorbed and the rice is tender, 30 - 35 minutes. Stir with a fork and serve hot. In blender place tomatillos, j <END>
INPUT: Mexican, southwest, quesadilla, olive oil, bell pepper, onion, corn kernels, pepper flakes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Southwest Quesadilla with Cilantro-Lime Sour Cream | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons olive oil, plus extra for griddle; 1 small red bell pepper, diced; 1/2 red onion, diced; 3/4 cup corn kernels, (about 1 ear); 2 teaspoons red pepper flakes; 1 teaspoon ground cumin; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1/2 cup freshly chopped cilantro leaves; Four 10-inch "burrito size" flour tortillas; One 16-ounce can refried black beans; 1 cup grated Pepper Jack cheese; Lime-Cilantro Sour Cream, recipe follows; 1/2 cup sour cream; 1/4 cup freshly chopped cilantro leaves; 1/2 lime, juiced | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. In a large skillet, heat oil over medium-high heat. Saute red pepper and onion until soft, about 5 minutes. Add corn, red pepper flakes, cumin, and salt and pepper to taste. Toss to incorporate and saute for 3 minutes. Transfer to a bowl and add the cilantro. Preheat a long, 2-burner cast iron griddle, or a large saute pan over medium heat. Lay 2 tortillas on a work surface and spread each evenly with refried black beans. Place tortillas, bean side up, on the griddle (begin with 1 if using a saute pan). Sprinkle onion-red pepper mixture evenly over the top of eac <END>
INPUT: biscuits, gravy, all purpose flour, baking powder, salt, baking soda, unsalted butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Black Pepper Biscuits and Sausage Gravy | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 1/4 cups all-purpose flour; 2 1/4 teaspoons baking powder; 1 teaspoon salt; 1/2 teaspoon baking soda; 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, cold, cut into small pieces; 1 cup buttermilk; 3 tablespoons heavy cream; Pinch freshly ground black pepper; 1 pound breakfast sausage with sage, casings removed; 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, room temperature; 3 tablespoons all-purpose flour; 1 1/2 to 2 cups milk; Salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. For the biscuits: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F. In a large bowl, sift together the flour, baking powder, salt and baking soda. With your fingers, work the butter into the flour until the mixture resembles large crumbs. Mix in the buttermilk, stirring just until a dough forms. Turn the dough out onto a lightly floured work surface and pat into a 1-inch-thick disk. Cut out 10 to 12 biscuits using a 2 1/2-inch cutter or a glass of equal size. Reuse the scraps. Arrange the biscuits on a parchment-lined baking sheet. Brush the tops with heavy cream and sprinkle w <END>
INPUT: Italian, blackfish fillet, Salt pepper, olive oil, butter, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Blackfish with Tomatoes, Basil and Littleneck Clams | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 pounds blackfish fillet; Salt and pepper; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1 tablespoon butter; 2 cloves garlic, peeled and finely chopped; 1/2 pound ripe plum tomatoes, peeled, seeded and chopped, 1 1/2 cups; 15 to 20 basil leaves, washed and julienned; 1 cup white wine; 24 littleneck clams, live, unopened shells, well washed | INSTRUCTIONS: Season the blackfish with salt and pepper. In a large skillet, with a lid, over medium heat, heat the olive oil and butter. Add the fish and saute on each side for 3 minutes. Remove the fish and keep warm. To the pan, add the garlic and cook 1 minute. Add the tomatoes and cook 2 minutes. Add the basil and wine and bring to the boil. Reduce heat and simmer. Place the fish back in the pan over the tomatoes. Place clams around sides of saute pan. Return to simmer and cover with the lid. Cook until clams open, about 3 minutes. <END>
INPUT: olive oil, butter, Two fillets sea, Salt pepper, vermouth
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pan Fried Sea Bass | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon olive oil; 2 tablespoons butter, divided; Two 6- to 8-ounce fillets sea bass, skin on; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1/3 cup vermouth; 4 sprigs fresh thyme; Pinch saffron; 1/4 cup heavy cream; Blanched asparagus, for serving | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat a large skillet with olive oil and 1 tablespoon butter. Season the fillets with some salt and pepper. Place fillets in skillet and cook about 5 minutes on each side. When the fish is cooked, set aside on a plate and deglaze the pan with the vermouth, add the thyme and saffron leaving to bubble until it's reduced by two thirds. Add remaining butter and whisk followed by the heavy cream and heat through. Serve fillets with light saffron cream sauce and blanched asparagus. <END>
INPUT: bisque, virgin olive oil, bell peppers, onions, celery, carrots
OUTPUT: TITLE: Crab Bisque with Sweet Red Bell Pepper | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 3 cups coarsely chopped red bell peppers (about 2 large); 1 cup chopped green onions; 1 cup coarsely chopped celery; 2/3 cup coarsely chopped carrots; 1/2 cup coarsely chopped red onion; 2 teaspoons dried tarragon; 1/4 teaspoon cayenne pepper; 2 14 1/2-ounce cans diced peeled tomatoes in juice; 3 8-ounce bottles clam juice; 1 cup dry white wine; 1 cup whipping cream; 12 ounces crabmeat | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat oil in heavy large pot over medium heat. Add bell peppers, 3/4 cup green onions, celery, carrots and red onion and sauté until vegetables are tender, about 12 minutes. Stir in tarragon and cayenne. Mix in tomatoes with juices, clam juice and wine. Bring to boil. Reduce heat to low and simmer 30 minutes to blend flavors, stirring occasionally. Add cream and simmer 20 minutes longer. Stir in crabmeat. Cook until crab is heated through, about 5 minutes. Season with salt and pepper. Sprinkle with remaining 1/4 cup chopped green onions and serve. Heat oil in heavy large pot over medium heat. A <END>
INPUT: Asian, peanut oil, ginger, garlic, jalapeno, scallion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Manila Clams with Black Bean and Ginger Sauce | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 2 teaspoons peanut oil; 2 tablespoons ginger, finely minced; 1 tablespoon garlic, finely minced; 1 jalapeno, seeded and minced; 1/4 cup minced scallion; 2 dozen Manila clams or New Zealand cockles; 1/4 cup Shoa Hsing or dry sherry; 1 tablespoon oyster sauce; 1 teaspoon thin soy sauce; 1/2 teaspoon sugar; 2 tablespoons salted black beans, crushed with a clever; 2 teaspoons cornstarch; 1/2 teaspoon sesame oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Place oil in a wok over medium high heat. Stir fry the ginger, garlic, jalapeno, and scallions for 1 minute. Add the clams and stir well to blend. Add the Shoa Hsing and a scant 3/4 cup water. Cover wok, and boil the clams open for about 2 to 3 minutes. Remove clams and place in a colander; shake over wok to let the juices run off into wok. Set aside. To the wok, add the oyster sauce, the soy sauce, the sugar and the black beans. Stir well. Cook over medium high heat for 30 seconds. Mix the cornstarch in a small cup with a little water until a milky liquid is formed, then add to the boiling li <END>
INPUT: unsalted butter, onion, garlic, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sautéed Cod With Lentils | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup (7 ounces) dried lentils (preferably French green lentils often called lentilles du Puy); 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1 cup finely chopped onion (1 large); 2 large garlic cloves, chopped; 3/4 teaspoon salt; 3 tablespoons chopped fresh flat-leaf parsley; 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice; 1/4 teaspoon black pepper; 1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil plus additional (optional) for drizzling; 4 (5- to 6-ounces) pieces cod fillet (3/4 to 1 inch thick); 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/8 teaspoon black pepper; 1 tablespoon unsalted butter; 1 tablespoon olive oil; Garnish: lemon wedges; chopped fresh flat-leaf parsley | INSTRUCTIONS: Prepare lentils: Cover lentils with cold water by 1 1/2 inches in a 2-quart saucepan and bring to a boil. Simmer, uncovered, until lentils are just tender, 12 to 25 minutes. Drain in a sieve set over a bowl and reserve 1/2 cup cooking liquid. While lentils are simmering, melt butter in a 2- to 3-quart heavy saucepan over moderately low heat, then stir in onion, garlic, and salt and cook, covered, stirring occasionally, until pale golden, about 10 minutes. Remove lid and cook, uncovered, stirring occasionally, until golden, 5 to 10 minutes more. Stir in lentils and enough reserved cooking liqui <END>
INPUT: salad, rice vinegar, sweet onion Vidalia, Gala apple, soy sauce, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Avocado and Watercress Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup rice vinegar (not seasoned); 1 tablespoon grated sweet onion such as Vidalia or Walla Walla (use large holes of a box grater); 1/4 cup finely grated peeled Gala apple (use small holes of box grater); 4 teaspoons soy sauce; 1 teaspoon sugar; 3 tablespoons vegetable oil; 6 cups watercress (thin stems and leaves only; from 1 large bunch); 1 firm-ripe avocado | INSTRUCTIONS: Stir together vinegar, onion, apple, soy sauce, and sugar until sugar has dissolved, then stir in oil. Just before serving, toss watercress with enough dressing to coat. Quarter, pit, and peel avocado, then cut crosswise into 1/4-inch-thick slices. Gently toss with watercress. Stir together vinegar, onion, apple, soy sauce, and sugar until sugar has dissolved, then stir in oil. Just before serving, toss watercress with enough dressing to coat. Quarter, pit, and peel avocado, then cut crosswise into 1/4-inch-thick slices. Gently toss with watercress. <END>
INPUT: castagnaccio, cake, chestnut flour, sugar, salt, water, virgin olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Castagnaccio: Chestnut Flour Cake | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 14 ounces/400 g chestnut flour; 2 tablespoons/30 ml sugar; Pinch salt; 2 cups/1/2 l water; 4 tablespoons/60 ml extra-virgin olive oil; 1/2 cup/125 ml raisins; 1/2 cup/125 ml pine nuts; Sprig fresh rosemary; Zest of 1 orange | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. In a mixing bowl combine the flour, sugar, salt, and water. Whisk the batter well until the batter is silky smooth in consistency. Add the olive oil to a nonstick pie pan and heat in the oven for 5 minutes. Once the oil and pie pan are hot, add the batter. Smooth out the batter evenly. Sprinkle the raisins, pine nuts, rosemary and orange zest on top. Bake the cake for 10 to 15 minutes, or until the top is golden. <END>
INPUT: biscotti, unsweetened coconut flakes, granulated sugar, all purpose flour, baking powder, baking soda
OUTPUT: TITLE: Coconut Biscotti | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cups unsweetened coconut flakes; 1 cup granulated sugar; 2 cups all-purpose flour; 1 teaspoon baking powder; 1/4 teaspoon baking soda; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 1/3 cup coconut oil; 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract; 1/2 cup salted macadamia nuts, chopped; 1 cup confectioners' sugar; 2 tablespoons coconut cream; 1/8 to 1/4 teaspoon coconut extract; Coarse sugar, for decorating | INSTRUCTIONS: Position racks in the upper and lower thirds of the oven; preheat to 350 degrees F. Spread 1 cup coconut flakes on a baking sheet and bake until toasted, about 3 minutes. Let cool completely. Transfer to a food processor; add the granulated sugar and pulse until finely ground. Line 2 baking sheets with parchment paper. Whisk the coconut-sugar mixture, the flour, baking powder, baking soda and salt in a bowl. Melt the coconut oil in the microwave; add to the flour mixture along with the vanilla and 1/3 cup water and mix with a wooden spoon until a stiff dough forms. Stir in the macadamia nuts a <END>
INPUT: Asian, lacquered, sake, low sodium soy, mirin, light miso, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pan-Roasted Soy-Lacquered Salmon | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup sake; 1/4 cup low-sodium soy sauce; 1/4 cup mirin; 1 tablespoon light miso; 1 head garlic, halved; 1 (1-inch) piece fresh ginger, peeled, halved, and smashed; 4 sprigs fresh cilantro; 4 (6 to 8-ounce) salmon fillets, skin on; 3 tablespoons peanut oil; Cilantro leaves, for garnish; Lime wedges, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: In a bowl large enough to accommodate the salmon, mix the sake, soy sauce, mirin, and miso until the miso has dissolved. Add the garlic, ginger, cilantro, and salmon fillets. Cover and marinate for at least 20 minutes and up to 2 hours in the refrigerator. Heat the oven to 400 degrees F. Season the salmon with salt and pepper on both sides. Heat the oil in an ovenproof nonstick skillet over medium-high heat. When the oil is hot, add the salmon skin side down. Put the pan into the oven and roast until the salmon is cooked medium-rare, about 12 to 15 minutes. Serve garnished with cilantro leaves <END>
INPUT: Italian, risotto, prosciutto, reduced sodium chicken, asparagus spears, butter, shallot
OUTPUT: TITLE: Champagne Risotto | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 4 thin slices prosciutto; 3 cups reduced-sodium chicken broth; 12 asparagus spears, cut diagonally into 1-inch pieces; 2 tablespoons butter, divided; 1 shallot, finely chopped; 3/4 cup Arborio rice or medium-grain white rice; 3/4 cup Champagne; 1/4 cup freshly grated Parmesan; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F. Place the slices of prosciutto on a lightly greased baking sheet. Bake until the prosciutto slices are almost completely crisp, about 6 to 8 minutes. The slices will crisp up even more as they cool. Reserve for garnish. In a medium saucepan, bring the chicken stock to a boil. Reduce heat to a simmer. Blanch the asparagus in the chicken stock for 2 minutes. Remove the asparagus with a slotted spoon. Set the asparagus aside and keep the chicken stock at a low simmer. In another medium saucepan, melt 1 tablespoon of the butter. Add <END>
INPUT: white, long grain rice, vegetable oil, salt, water
OUTPUT: TITLE: Perfect White Rice | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups long-grain rice; 2 1/2 tablespoons vegetable oil; 2 teaspoons salt; 1 quart water | INSTRUCTIONS: Rinse the rice in a colander under cold, running water until the water runs clear. Drain. Place the rice, oil, salt, and water in a saucepan and bring to a boil. Allow the rice to boil, uncovered, until almost all of the water has evaporated, 10 to 12 minutes. Stir the rice, cover, and reduce the heat to low. Simmer for 8 to 10 minutes. Remove from the heat and fluff with a fork just before serving. Rinse the rice in a colander under cold, running water until the water runs clear. Drain. Place the rice, oil, salt, and water in a saucepan and bring to a boil. Allow the rice to boil, uncovered,  <END>
INPUT: Asian, poke, Ahi, Hawaiian salt, kukui nuts, ogo, onions
OUTPUT: TITLE: Wok Fried Ahi Poke Salad | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound Ahi (tuna), cubed; 1 tablespoon red Hawaiian salt (or substitute kosher salt); 1 tablespoon kukui nuts (or substitute macadamia nuts), chopped; 1/2 cup fresh ogo (seaweed), chopped fine; 1/4 cup green onions, chopped; 3/8 cup Roma tomatoes, diced; 1 tablespoon Shoyu (Japanese soy sauce); 2 tablespoons miso paste; 2 tablespoons rice vinegar; 2 tablepsoons Mirin (rice wine); 2 tablespoons Shoyu (Japanese soy sauce); 1 teaspoon garlic, grated; 3/8 teaspoon ginger, grated; 2 tablespoons salad oil, such as canola; Salad garnish: butterhead lettuce, bean sprouts, and julienne red peppers | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine all Ahi Poke ingredients and set aside. Combine all vinaigrette ingredients and set aside. In a lightly oiled hot wok, quickly cook the Ahi Poke in small batches. Toss with the miso vinaigrette. Place the lettuce leaves on four plates. Spoon the Ahi poke into the lettuce leaves. Garnish with the bean sprouts and red pepper. <END>
INPUT: thumbprints, all purpose flour, unsalted, baking powder, kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted-Almond Thumbprints | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cups all-purpose flour; 1 1/2 cups unsalted, roasted almonds; 1 teaspoon baking powder; 1/2 teaspoons kosher salt; 1 cup (2 sticks) unsalted butter, room temperature; 1/2 cup granulated sugar; 1 large egg; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; 1/2 cup coarse sanding or raw sugar; Jams and/or lemon curd (for filling) | INSTRUCTIONS: Place racks in lower and upper thirds of oven; preheat to 375°F. Pulse flour and almonds in a food processor until almonds are very finely ground. Add baking powder and salt and pulse to blend. Using an electric mixer on high speed, beat butter and sugar until light and fluffy, about 4 minutes. Add egg and vanilla and beat until pale and fluffy, about 4 minutes. Reduce speed to low and gradually add dry ingredients; mix just to combine. Place sanding sugar in a shallow bowl. Scoop out dough by the tablespoonful and roll into balls (if dough is sticky, chill 20 minutes). Roll in sugar and place <END>
INPUT: Mexican, boats, picadillo, country style pork, tomatoes juice, chipotle chiles, vegetable oil, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Crispy Masa Boats with Pork Picadillo | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound boneless country-style pork ribs, cut into 1-inch cubes; 1 14.5- to 16-ounce can whole tomatoes in juice; 2 canned chipotle chiles, chopped; 2 tablespoons vegetable oil; 2/3 cup chopped white onion; 1 large garlic clove, chopped; 1/4 cup raisins; 2 teaspoons apple cider vinegar; 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 2 1/2 cups freshly ground corn masa dough for tortillas (about 26 ounces), or make masa dough with 2 1/4 cups masa harina (corn tortilla mix; about 9 ; 2 tablespoons lard or solid vegetable shortening; 1/4 cup all purpose flour; 1 teaspoon baking powder; 3/4 teaspoon salt | INSTRUCTIONS: For picadillo: Place pork in heavy medium saucepan. Add pinch of salt and enough cold water to cover by 1/2 inch. Bring to simmer over medium heat. Reduce heat to medium-low and simmer gently, uncovered, until meat is tender, about 1 hour 10 minutes. Cool meat in broth. Using slotted spoon, transfer meat to work surface; discard broth. Shred meat coarsely into large bowl. Place tomatoes with juices and chiles into blender and puree. Heat oil in heavy large skillet over medium-high heat. Add onion and sauté 3 minutes. Add garlic and sauté 1 minute. Add pork and sauté until browned, about 10 min <END>
INPUT: cole, slaw, orange juice, lime juice, virgin olive oil, basil, orange zest
OUTPUT: TITLE: Jicama and Carrot Cole Slaw | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup orange juice; 2 tablespoons lime juice; 2 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil; 1/4 teaspoon minced basil; 1 teaspoon orange zest; 1 teaspoon lime zest; Salt and pepper, to taste; 1 jicama; 3 carrots | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large bowl, whisk orange juice, lime juice, oil, basil, zests and salt and pepper. Peel the jicama and carrots. Julienne the vegetables in even lengths and 1/8-inch thick. Add vegetables to juice and toss. Allow to sit for 4 hours. Toss and serve. <END>
INPUT: coconut, frosted, carrots, sugar, firmly sugar, canola oil, eggs
OUTPUT: TITLE: Coconut-Frosted Carrot Cake | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound finely grated carrots; 1 1/4 cups sugar; 1 cup firmly packed brown sugar; 1 1/4 cup canola oil; 4 extra large eggs, at room temperature; 2 teaspoons pure vanilla; Finely grated zest of 1 large orange; 2 1/4 cup all-purpose flour; 1 1/2 teaspoons baking powder; 1 teaspoon baking soda; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1/4 teaspoon ground ginger; 1/4 teaspoon ground cloves; 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground nutmegs | INSTRUCTIONS: Grease two 9-inch cake pans and line with parchment circles. Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Grate the carrots using the grater attachment on a Food Processor , or use a Box Grater (if using the box grater, use the finer side) . After they are grated, use the blade on the food processor to chop the carrots more finely. In a small bowl whisk together the flour, baking powder, baking soda, salt and spices. Set aside. In a large bowl, whisk together the sugar, brown sugar, oil, eggs, vanilla, and zest. Whisk in the dry ingredients, just until combined. Using a spoon, stir in the carrots and dried  <END>
INPUT: summer squash zucchini, kosher salt more, almonds, olive oil, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Summer Squash Sauté | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 pounds summer squash and/or zucchini, cut into matchsticks; 1 teaspoon kosher salt plus more; 1/4 cup sliced almonds; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 2 garlic cloves, sliced; 1/4 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes; 1/4 cup finely grated Parmesan; Freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Place squash in a colander set in the sink or over a large bowl and toss with 1 teaspoon salt. Let squash stand 10 minutes, then squeeze well to remove as much excess moisture as possible (do not rinse). Meanwhile, toast almonds in a large dry skillet over medium heat, tossing occasionally, until lightly browned, about 3 minutes. Transfer to a plate; let cool. Heat oil in same skillet over medium heat. Add garlic and red pepper flakes and cook, stirring often, until fragrant but not browned, about 2 minutes. Add squash and cook, tossing occasionally, until crisptender, about 5 minutes. Fold in <END>
INPUT: American, onion, garlic, bourbon, ketchup
OUTPUT: TITLE: Bourbon-Glazed Chicken Drumettes with Blue Cheese Dipping Sauce | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons (1/4 stick) butter; 1 cup chopped onion; 3 garlic cloves, peeled, thinly sliced; 1 cup bourbon, divided; 1 cup ketchup; 1/2 cup hot pepper sauce (such as Crystal); 1/4 cup tomato paste; 3 tablespoons (packed) golden brown sugar; 30 chicken drumettes (about 4 pounds); Blue Cheese Dipping Sauce | INSTRUCTIONS: Melt butter in heavy large saucepan over medium-high heat. Add onion and garlic; sauté until golden, about 5 minutes. Add 3/4 cup bourbon; boil until most of liquid is absorbed, 6 to 8 minutes. Whisk in 1/4 cup bourbon, ketchup, hot pepper sauce, tomato paste, and brown sugar. Bring to boil. Reduce heat and simmer until sauce thickens slightly, stirring occasionally, about 10 minutes. Season marinade with salt and pepper. Remove marinade from heat; cool to room temperature. Place chicken drumettes in 15 x 10 x 2-inch glass baking dish. Pour marinade over and turn drumettes to coat. Cover and r <END>
INPUT: strawberry, strawberries, lemon juice, sugar, heavy
OUTPUT: TITLE: Strawberry Shortcakes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 pints strawberries, lightly rinsed, hulled and halved; 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice; 1 tablespoon sugar; 2 cups heavy (whipping) cream; 1 tablespoon sugar; 6 shortcakes (see recipe below), for serving; 6 whole strawberries, for garnish; 2 cups self-rising flour; 2 1/2 tablespoon sugar; 1/8 teaspoon salt; 1/2 cup (1 stick) cold, unsalted butter, cut into small pieces; 3/4 cup milk; 2 tablespoon heavy (whipping) cream | INSTRUCTIONS: For the shortcakes: 1. Preheat the oven to 400°F. Grease a baking sheet. 2. Combine the flour, sugar and salt in a bowl. 3. Add the butter. Using a pastry blender or your fingers, rub it into the dry ingredients until mixture resembles a coarse meal. Stir in the milk until a very soft dough is formed. Do not overwork. 4. Drop the dough in 6 equal portions onto the prepared baking sheet. Lightly pat the dough into rounds—3 to 3 1/2 inches in diameter—and lightly brush the tops with the cream. 5. Bake the shortcakes in the center of the oven for 15 to 20 minutes or until golden brown. Cool on a  <END>
INPUT: shrimp, boys, egg, lemon juice, onions, ketchup, chipotle pepper adobo
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fried Shrimp Po-Boys | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 egg; 2 tablespoons lemon juice; 2 tablespoons green onions, chopped; 2 tablespoons ketchup; 1 chipotle pepper in adobo sauce; 1 tablespoon chopped garlic; Salt; Pepper; 1 cup vegetable oil; 1 tablespoon sugar; 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard; 1/4 cup cider vinegar; 1/2 cup vegetable oil; Salt; Pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: For the Spicy Remoulade: In a blender, combine the egg, lemon juice, green onions, ketchup, chipotle, garlic, salt and pepper and blend. While the blender is running, slowly add the oil in a steady stream to create an emulsion. Taste for seasoning. For the slaw: In a small bowl, whisk together the sugar, mustard and vinegar. Slowly whisk in the oil and season with salt and pepper. In a large bowl, combine the cabbages, carrots and onions. Pour the dressing over the mixture and toss to combine. Season with salt and pepper. For the fried shrimp: Preheat oil in fryer to 360 degrees. Season the sh <END>
INPUT: American, goat, turnovers, puff pastry, smoked, Spanish manchego cheese, bread crumbs, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Smoked Ham and Goat Cheese Turnovers | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound store-bought puff pastry; 1/4 pound smoked, cooked ham, chopped; 4 ounces grated Spanish manchego cheese or sharp jack cheese; 1/2 cup bread crumbs; 2 garlic cloves; 1/4 cup parsley leaves; 1 egg; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1 tablespoon lime juice; 1 teaspoon cayenne pepper; 1/2 teaspoon salt; Egg wash: 1 egg yolk beaten with 2 tablespoonss cold water | INSTRUCTIONS: Using a round pastry cutter, cut the pastry into 2-inch rounds. Roll the remaining scrap into a ball and roll out with a rolling pin into a 1/4-inch thick sheet and continue to cut rounds of puff pastry until you've used up all of the pastry. As you cut the pastry, place it on a cookie sheet lined with waxed paper and refrigerate it until the filling has been made. For the filling, put the remaining ingredients, except the egg wash, into a food processor and pulse for 1 to 2 minutes to combine well. Scrape the sides of the bowl carefull with a rubber spatula and pulse again briefly. Heat a dee <END>
INPUT: truffles, bittersweet semisweet chocolate, heavy cream, unsalted butter, salt, vanilla extract
OUTPUT: TITLE: Raspberry-Peanut Butter Chocolate Truffles With Cocoa Powder | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 12 ounces bittersweet or semisweet chocolate; 1 cup heavy cream; 1 tablespoon unsalted butter; Pinch of salt; 1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract; 1/2 teaspoon raspberry extract; 1/4 cup peanut butter; Cocoa powder, for coating | INSTRUCTIONS: Chop the chocolate and put in a heatproof bowl. Bring the heavy cream, butter and salt to a simmer in a saucepan over medium heat; pour over the chocolate and let sit until completely melted, about 10 minutes. Stir with a rubber spatula or whisk until smooth. (If necessary, microwave in 20-second intervals until the chocolate melts.) Whisk in the vanilla and raspberry extracts, then stir in the peanut butter. Stir until the ganache is smooth and shiny. Pour into a shallow baking dish and refrigerate until firm, at least 3 hours or overnight. Roll tablespoonfuls of the ganache into 18 to 24 bal <END>
INPUT: Italian, pesto, penne pasta, pine nuts, cherry tomatoes, garlic, pepper flakes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pasta Pesto | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound penne pasta; 1/4 cup pine nuts, toasted; 2 pints cherry tomatoes, halved; 3 cloves garlic, minced; 1 teaspoon red pepper flakes, or to taste; 1/2 cup basil leaves, torn; Salt; 1/3 cup grated Parmesan, optional | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook the pasta in rapidly boiling water until al dente. Just before draining the pasta, reserve 1 cup of the water. In a medium saute pan over medium high heat, toast the pine nuts until fragrant and golden, about 2 to 3 minutes, set aside. Place pan back on the heat over medium-high heat. Add the tomatoes and 1/2 cup of the pasta water. Add the garlic and the red pepper flakes. If the sauce is too dry, add the remaining pasta water. Add the basil to the pan. Saute until just wilted. Remove the sauce from the heat. Place the pasta in a large bowl. Season the pasta with salt. Top the pasta with <END>
INPUT: Italian, pesto, arugula leaves, basil leaves, Parmesan, Diamond California, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pesto Pasta | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cups packed arugula leaves; 1/2 cup fresh basil leaves; 1/2 cup grated Parmesan; 1/2 cup Diamond of California(R) Shelled Walnuts; 1 garlic clove, minced; Zest and juice from 1 lemon; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 cup extra-virgin olive oil; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 pound long fusilli pasta; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1 large yellow onion, sliced (about 2 cups); Two 8-ounce packages sliced cremini (baby bella) mushrooms; 1/2 cup grated Parmesan, plus more for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: For the walnut pesto: In a food processor, combine the arugula, basil, Parmesan, walnuts, garlic, lemon zest and juice, 1 teaspoon salt and 1/2 teaspoon pepper and pulse to blend. With the machine running, pour in the olive oil in a steady stream and process until smooth, stopping to scrape down the sides of the bowl as needed. Taste and adjust the salt and pepper if needed. Set aside. For the pasta: Bring a large pot of water to a boil and add salt. Add the pasta and cook until tender, stirring occasionally, about 11 minutes or according to the package directions. Drain the pasta, reserving 1 <END>
INPUT: creamed, kale, milk, unsalted butter, Spanish onion, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Creamed Kale with Crispy Shallots | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 pounds kale, stems and ribs removed, coarsely chopped; 3 1/2 cups whole milk, or more if needed; 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, plus more for the baking dish; 1 medium Spanish onion, finely diced; 3 cloves garlic, finely chopped; 3 tablespoons all-purpose flour; 1/8 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; Crispy Shallots | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. Preheat the oven to 350°F. Butter a 10-inch square baking dish. 2. Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add the kale and cook until tender, about 5 minutes. Drain in a colander, rinse with cold water, and drain well again. Place the kale in clean kitchen towels or paper towels and squeeze out the excess liquid. Put the kale in a large bowl. 3. Pour the milk into a medium saucepan and bring to a simmer over low heat. 4. Melt the butter in a medium saucepan over medium-high heat. Add the onion and cook until soft, about 4 minutes. Add the garlic and cook for 30 seconds. Whisk in the f <END>
INPUT: Mexican, salsa, tomatillos, apples, onion, garlic, jalapeño chile
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Apple and Tomatillo Salsa | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound tomatillos, husked and rinsed; 3 green apples, such as Granny Smith, quartered; 1/2 medium white onion; 3 garlic cloves, unpeeled; 1 jalapeño chile, stemmed; 2 tablespoons olive oil; Salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: 1 Preheat the oven to 375°F. 2 Put the tomatillos, 2 of the apples, the onion, garlic, and jalapeño chile on a rimmed baking sheet. Toss with the olive oil and season with salt and pepper. Roast until tomatillos are softened and slightly charred, about 20 minutes. 3 Peel the garlic, then transfer all of the ingredients to a blender and puree until smooth. Season with salt and pepper. 4 Chop the remaining apple into 1/4-inch cubes and stir into the salsa before serving. 1 Preheat the oven to 375°F. 2 Put the tomatillos, 2 of the apples, the onion, garlic, and jalapeño chile on a rimmed baking s <END>
INPUT: cured smoked ham, apricot jam, unsalted butter, Dijon mustard, sage
OUTPUT: TITLE: Apricot-Glazed Ham | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: One 7- to 8-pound cured smoked ham, bone in; 2 cups apricot jam; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, plus more for greasing the foil; 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard; 2 tablespoons minced fresh sage; 1 tablespoon red wine vinegar; 1 bay leaf; Pinch of ground cloves; Pinch of cinnamon | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 375 degree F. Place the ham on a roasting rack in a roasting pan with the fat-side up. Use a knife to lightly score the fat in a diamond pattern, taking care not to cut into the meat. Bake the ham for 1 hour. While the ham is baking, make the glaze. In a small saucepan, combine the jam, butter, mustard, sage, vinegar, bay leaf, cloves and cinnamon over medium-low heat. Cook, stirring, until the glaze is thin and syrupy. After the ham has baked 1 hour, brush with about half of the glaze and return to the oven. Cook, glazing the ham every 15 to 20 minutes, until the internal  <END>
INPUT: russet potatoes russet, Kosher salt, garlic garlic, blanched almonds, virgin olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Creamy Potato and Roasted Red Pepper Dip | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 russet potatoes russet potatoes (about 1 pound), scrubbed; Kosher salt; 6 medium cloves garlic cloves garlic; 3/4 cup whole blanched almonds; 1/2 cup plus 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil extra-virgin olive oil, plus more for drizzling; 2 whole jarred roasted red peppers, rinsed and patted dry; 1/2 cup fresh flat-leaf parsley leaves; 1/4 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes; 1/4 cup fresh lemon juice; 3 tablespoons white wine vinegar white wine vinegar; Baked pita chips and/or warm fresh pita bread wedges, for serving | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: A food mill or ricer Put the potatoes and 1 tablespoon salt in a medium saucepan and cover with cold water by 2 inches. Bring to a boil over high heat. Lower the heat and simmer until the potatoes are very tender, 25 to 30 minutes. Once the water is at a simmer, add the garlic cloves to the water and cook until just tender, 2 to 3 minutes. Use a slotted spoon to remove the garlic from the water. Cool the garlic slightly and then coarsely chop it. Add the garlic to a food processor along with the almonds and 1/2 cup of oil. Process until the mixture becomes a thick paste. Tra <END>
INPUT: American, panini, portobello mushrooms, pepper, Olive oil, Kosher salt pepper, baby arugula
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Portobello Panini | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 large portobello mushrooms, stems removed, gills scraped out, sliced horizontally into 2 thin pieces; 1 small red pepper, seeds and ribs removed, quartered; Olive oil; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1/2 cup baby arugula; Herbed Cream Cheese Spread, recipe follows; 1 loaf ciabatta; 4 ounces low-fat cream cheese, at room temperature; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh basil; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh chives; 1 clove garlic, peeled and smashed; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat a grill pan to medium-high heat. Add the mushrooms and red peppers to a sheet tray, drizzle with olive oil and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Toss to coat. Grill the portobellos for 3 minutes per side, 6 minutes total. Grill the red peppers for 5 minutes per side, 10 minutes total. Remove from the grill and set aside until cool enough to handle. Cut two 4-inch pieces of bread, then slice in half lengthwise. Spread the Herbed Cream Cheese Spread on each piece of bread. Pile on the grilled portobellos, red peppers and arugula on 2 slices of the bread and close the sandwiches. Place the sand <END>
INPUT: snowball, punch, vanilla vanilla bean
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cran-Raspberry Snowball Punch | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 (32 oz.) bottle Knudsen® Cranberry Nectar, chilled; 1 (12 oz.) jar Smucker's® Seedless Red Raspberry Jam; 1 1/2 (2 liter) bottles lemon-lime flavored carbonated beverage, chilled; 1.75 quart vanilla or vanilla bean ice cream | INSTRUCTIONS: COMBINE cranberry nectar, red raspberry jam and lemon-lime soda in a large punch bowl until well combined. Using a medium sized scoop, spoon half of the ice cream over fruit mixture; stir until frothy. Top with remaining scoops of ice cream forming "ice cream snowballs" atop the froth. <END>
INPUT: bread, garlic, flat leaf parsley, coarse salt, baguette
OUTPUT: TITLE: Garlic Bread | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup (1 stick) unsalted butter; 2 garlic cloves, very finely minced; 1/4 cup flat-leaf parsley, coarsely chopped; 1/4 teaspoon coarse salt; 1 baguette, preferably sourdough | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat oven to 350 degrees F. In a small saucepan, melt butter over a low heat until foamy. Add garlic and simmer 1 minute. Remove from heat and let steep for 1 minute. Add parsley and salt and stir to combine. Slice bread lengthwise almost all the way though, leaving side uncut. Open the baguette like a book and evenly brush or spoon the butter mixture over the bread. Close baguette and slice bread diagonally into 2-inch pieces, leaving the bread still intact at the back of the loaf. Transfer bread to a baking sheet. Bake bread until heated through and crisp on the outside, about 10 minutes. <END>
INPUT: mesclun salad greens, Juice lemon, mustard shallot vinaigrette, smoked salmon, smoked trout fillets
OUTPUT: TITLE: Smoked Salmon and Trout with Chive Oil | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 pound mesclun salad greens; Juice of 1 lemon; 1/4 cup mustard shallot vinaigrette (recipe follows); 1/2 pound thinly sliced smoked salmon; 2 3 to 4-ounce smoked trout fillets, skinned and boned; 2 ounces tiny nonpareil capers, drained; 1 small red onion, finely diced (about 1/3 cup); 4 tablespoons chili flavored olive oil; 8 ounces sour cream; 4 ounces salmon caviar; 4 teaspoons chopped fresh chives; Country-style pumpernickel bread; 1/4 cup champagne vinegar; 3 tablespoons Dijon mustard; 1 tablespoon clover honey | INSTRUCTIONS: Toss the mesclun, or your choice of salad greens in a bowl with the juice of one lemon, plus the vinaigrette. Divide equally onto plates, mounding the greens in the center. Divide the salmon and trout fillets evenly among the plates, arranging them around the greens. Sprinkle the capers and onion around the fish. Drizzle one teaspoon of chili oil over the fish on each plate. Artfully arrange a dollop of sour cream on each plate and top the sour cream with caviar. Dust the plate with some chopped fresh chives and serve with country-style pumpernickel bread. In the bowl of a food processor fitte <END>
INPUT: vinaigrette, artichokes, onions, garlic, shallots, bell peppers
OUTPUT: TITLE: Dungeness Crab and Panko Stuffed Artichokes with Passion Fruit Vinaigrette | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 artichokes; 2 white onions; 6 cloves garlic, peeled; 2 shallots, peeled; 2 green bell peppers; 2 red bell peppers; 4 celery stalks; 2 pounds Dungeness crab meat; 16 ounces Japanese panko bread crumbs; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 cup passion fruit, frozen concentrate; 1 cup orange juice, frozen concentrate; 8 ounces mirin; 8 ounces rice wine vinegar; 4 cups canola | INSTRUCTIONS: Prepare the artichokes by cutting the stem off, and trimming the outer leaves with scissors. Chop the top off, and scoop out the choke with a spoon. To prepare the stuffing, small dice the onions, garlic, shallots, green bell peppers, red bell peppers, and celery. In a large saute pan, add a thin coating of olive oil and heat. Add the diced vegetables and saute for approximately 2 minutes. Add the crabmeat and panko, and season with salt and pepper. Remove from the heat and set aside. Stuff each of the artichokes with the crab mixture, and steam for 45 minutes over medium heat. To make the vin <END>
INPUT: Italian, risotto, morel mushrooms, reduced sodium chicken, water, asparagus, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Risotto with Asparagus and Morel Ragoût | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 oz dried morel mushrooms (1 cup) or 1/4 lb fresh; 6 1/2 cups reduced-sodium chicken broth (52 fl oz); 2 cups water; 1 lb medium asparagus, trimmed and cut diagonally into 1-inch-long pieces (about 3 cups); 1/2 small onion, finely chopped (1/3 cup); 2 tablespoons olive oil; 2 cups Arborio rice (about 13 oz); 1/2 cup dry white wine; 2/3 cup finely grated Parmigiano-Reggiano (1 1/4 oz) plus additional for serving; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/2 teaspoon black pepper; 1/2 stick (1/4 cup) unsalted butter, cut into tablespoon pieces; 1 teaspoon finely chopped garlic; 1/2 cup frozen baby peas; 1 teaspoon finely grated fresh lemon zest | INSTRUCTIONS: If using dried morels, soak in warm water to cover 30 minutes. Agitate dried morels in soaking water or fresh morels in cold water to dislodge grit, then lift from water, squeezing out excess. Pat dry with paper towels. Cut morels (fresh or dried) crosswise into 1/4-inch-thick slices. Bring broth and water to a boil in a 4-quart pot. Add asparagus and cook, uncovered, stirring occasionally, until crisp-tender, 3 to 4 minutes. Transfer asparagus with a slotted spoon to a large bowl of ice and cold water to stop cooking, then drain and pat dry. Reserve 1 cup broth mixture for ragout and keep rem <END>
INPUT: Twelve chicken breasts, buttermilk, panko breadcrumbs, pecans, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Buttermilk Pecan Chicken | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Twelve 6-ounce chicken breasts; 1 cup buttermilk; 3 cups panko breadcrumbs; 1 cup crushed pecans; 2 tablespoons salt; 1 tablespoon seasoned salt; 3 egg whites | INSTRUCTIONS: Marinate the chicken in the buttermilk for at least 30 minutes. Preheat the deep fryer to 325 degrees F. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. In a large bowl mix the panko, pecans, salt and seasoned salt. Remove the chicken from the buttermilk and shake off excess liquid, then dip in the egg whites. Dredge the chicken in the panko mixture and then rest the chicken in the refrigerator for 20 minutes. Place the chicken in the deep fryer and cook until golden brown, about 6 minutes. Finish off in the oven until the internal temperature of the chicken is 165 degrees F, 12 minutes. <END>
INPUT: pozole, nix tamal, New Mexico chili, olive oil vegetable, garlic, onions
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken Pozole | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 pounds nix tamal (hominy); 15 dried New Mexico chili pods; 2 to 3 tablespoons olive oil or vegetable oil; 5 garlic cloves, plus 10 crushed cloves; 4 medium onions, sliced; 2 whole chickens, skins removed; 3 tablespoons dried oregano; 3 whole bay leaves; 1/2 cup chicken base; Salt; Sliced radishes, for garnish; Sliced cabbage, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Boil the nix tamal in a saucepan of water until tender, about 30 minutes; then remove it from the boiling water and set aside. Break the stems from the New Mexico chilies, shake the seeds from the pods, and wash the chilies. Add the chilies to the boiling water and boil until soft, about 15 minutes. When done, put the chilies in a blender with the 5 garlic cloves. Blend until smooth and then push through a sieve. Set the paste aside. In a large saute pan over low heat, heat oil and then saute the onions and 10 crushed garlic cloves until soft, about 5 minutes. Add the sauteed onions and garlic <END>
INPUT: salad, Kosher salt, live lobsters, grapefruits, avocado, Squeeze lemon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lobster and Grapefruit Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Kosher salt; 2 live lobsters, about 1 1/2 pounds/675 g each; 2 large grapefruits; 1 avocado; Squeeze of lemon; 2 to 3 green onions; 2 handfuls fresh flat-leaf parsley leaves; 2 tablespoons almond, hazelnut or walnut oil; 1 tablespoon olive oil; Freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Boil a very large pot of water. Salt it and add the lobsters head first. Put the lid on the pot and boil until bright red and cooked, about 12 minutes. Drain and rinse under cold water. While the lobster is cooking, peel the grapefruits to the quick, cutting first the top and bottom off, then cutting the skin off around them, removing all the pith. Cut the grapefruit sections with a knife into a large bowl to catch the juice, and squeeze the remaining juice out of the membrane into the bowl as well. To remove the lobster meat, twist off the claws. Use the back of a chef's knife to crack both s <END>
INPUT: wrapped, cherry, Kosher salt pepper, bacon, olive oil, shallots
OUTPUT: TITLE: Bacon-Wrapped Pork Tenderloin with Sour Cherry Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 (1-pound) pork tenderloin; Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper; 8 bacon slices; 1 teaspoon olive oil; 8 shallots, halved; 1/2 cup dried sour cherries; 3/4 cup chicken stock; 1 teaspoon cornstarch; Chopped fresh dill, for garnish, optional | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Pat dry the pork tenderloin and sprinkle with 1/2 teaspoon salt and 1/2 teaspoon pepper, then wrap with the bacon, overlapping the slices. Heat the oil in a large nonstick skillet over medium-high heat until hot, then brown the pork and shallots, 6 to 8 minutes. Flip the pork tenderloin browned-side up and transfer the skillet to the oven. Roast until the pork reaches 145 degrees F in the center, 15 to 18 minutes. When the pork is done, transfer to a cutting board, leaving the shallots in the skillet. Add the cherries and stock to the skillet and bring to a s <END>
INPUT: cones, eggs, heavy cream, vanilla extract, all purpose flour, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Waffle Cones | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 large eggs; 1 cup heavy cream; 1 tablespoon vanilla extract; 1 cup all-purpose flour; 1 cup sugar; 1/4 teaspoon kosher salt; Cooking spray, to coat the waffle cone iron | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: Special equipment: waffle cone iron Whisk the eggs, heavy cream and vanilla extract in a bowl until well combined, about 1 minute. In another bowl, sift the flour, sugar and salt. Stir the dry ingredients into the cream mixture until the batter is smooth. Heat up a waffle iron and spray it with cooking spray. Pour 1/4 cup of the batter towards the back of the iron and close the lid. Bake until golden brown, 3 1/2 minutes, depending on waffle cone maker. Open the iron and carefully remove the browned batter with a small offset spatula. Mold as desired. After a few minutes, th <END>
INPUT: American, virgin olive oil, Cheese Marinade, shallot, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Halloumi Cheese | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 pound (2-slabs) Halloumi cheese; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; Cheese Marinade, recipe follows; 1 shallot finely diced; 1 tablespoon minced garlic; 1 lemon, juiced; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1 teaspoon freshly cracked black pepper; 1 tablespoon freshly chopped parsley leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat grill to high heat. Brush cheese with 2 tablespoons oil. Grill on each side for 2 to 3 minutes until well marked. Remove from the grill. Pour marinade over the cheese and toss. Slice cheese into 1/2-inch pieces and serve. In a bowl, stir all the ingredients together. <END>
INPUT: soup, virgin olive oil, hot Italian sausage, onion, garlic, pepper flakes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sausage and Clam Soup | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 8 ounces hot Italian sausage, thinly sliced; 1 small onion, chopped; 3 cloves garlic, minced; 1/2 to 1 teaspoon red pepper flakes; 1 6-ounce can (3/4 cup) frozen orange juice concentrate, thawed; 1/2 bunch kale, trimmed and roughly chopped; 1 28-ounce can whole peeled tomatoes; 1 14-ounce can white beans, drained and rinsed; 16 littleneck clams, scrubbed; 1 to 2 tablespoons white wine vinegar; Crusty bread, for serving | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat the olive oil in a large pot over medium-high heat. Add the sausage and cook, turning, until browned, about 4 minutes. Add the onion, garlic and red pepper flakes and cook until the onion is soft, about 3 minutes. Stir in the orange juice concentrate, kale and 3 cups water. Add the tomatoes and break them into chunks with a spoon. Bring to a boil, then reduce the heat to medium low and simmer until thickened, about 30 minutes. Add the beans and clams. Return to a boil over high heat, cover and cook until the clams open, 10 to 12 minutes. Stir in the vinegar and serve with bread. Photograp <END>
INPUT: Mexican, kettle, canola oil, garlic, shallots, coarse sea salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Kettle-Seared Garlic-Pepper Mussels | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons canola oil; 6 cloves garlic, chopped; 2 shallots, thinly sliced; 1/2 teaspoon coarse sea salt; 2 lb (1 kg) mussels, scrubbed and debearded; 2 tablespoons each sugar and Asian fish sauce; Coarsely ground pepper; 1 red jalapeño chile, seeded and finely diced; Fresh cilantro (fresh coriander) sprigs for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Warm a 3-qt (3-l) cast-iron kettle over medium-high heat. When hot, add the oil, garlic, shallots, and salt and sauté until golden brown, about 1 minute. Raise the heat to high, add the mussels, and toss to coat with the oil. Add the sugar, fish sauce, and 1 teaspoon pepper and stir to combine. Reduce the heat to medium-high, cover, and cook until the mussels open, 3-5 minutes. Discard any that failed to open. The sauce should be the consistency of a light syrup. If the sauce is too thin, using a slotted spoon, transfer the mussels to a plate. Raise the heat to high and cook the sauce, stirrin <END>
INPUT: vinaigrette, wine vinegar, Dijon mustard, walnut oil, Salt pepper, Lemon juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mixed Greens with Walnut Vinaigrette | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 teaspoon red wine vinegar; 1/2 teaspoon Dijon mustard; 1/4 cup/60 ml walnut oil; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; Lemon juice, to taste; Olive oil, to finish; 6 large handfuls mixed greens (recommended: butter lettuce, frisee, rocket, radicchio, endive, romaine, mache, etc.); 2 handfuls toasted walnuts, finely chopped; Generous handful barely chopped fresh dill | INSTRUCTIONS: In a small bowl, whisk together the vinegar and mustard. Whisk in the walnut oil, drop by drop. Season the vinaigrette with salt and pepper. If acid is needed, add lemon juice. If more oil needed, add olive oil. Tear the greens into large bite-size pieces in a flat bowl. Add the nuts and dill. Just before serving, add only enough dressing to coat lightly when tossed. Toss and serve. <END>
INPUT: pomegranate juice, barbeque sauce, Agave nectar, oranges
OUTPUT: TITLE: Braised Beef Short Ribs in a Pomegranate Barbeque Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 gallon pomegranate juice; 1/2 gallon barbeque sauce, your choice; Agave nectar; 6 oranges, sliced; 6 (6-ounce) beef short ribs | INSTRUCTIONS: In a saucepan, combine half the barbeque sauce with half the pomegranate juice and add the agave, to taste. Bring to a simmer over medium-low heat and reduce until thick, about 30 minutes. Preheat the oven to 250 degrees F. Line the bottom of a braising or roasting pan with the orange slices. Brush the reduced sauce onto the short ribs and sear in a saute pan over high heat until the sugars are nice and caramelized. Place the meat into the braising pan with the orange slices. Pour in the remaining barbeque sauce and pomegranate juice and enough water to cover the meat completely. Cover with al <END>
INPUT: flamenco, virgin olive oil, onion, Kosher salt, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Eggs Flamenco | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Extra-virgin olive oil; 1 onion, diced; Kosher salt; 2 garlic cloves, smashed and chopped; 1 cup (1/2-inch) diced Spanish chorizo; 1 teaspoon pimenton; 1 (28-ounce) can plum tomatoes, coarsely chopped with their juice or passed through a food mill; 8 eggs; 1/2 cup finely grated aged manchego; 2 tablespoons chopped chives | INSTRUCTIONS: Special Equipment: 4 (6-inch wide) flat ovenproof dishes such as terra cotta cazuelas Coat a saucepan with olive oil, add the onions and bring to a medium heat. Season the onions with salt and sweat for 7 to 8 minutes or until the onions are soft and very aromatic. Add the garlic and cook for 2 to 3 more minutes. Add the chorizo and pimenton and cook for another 2 to 3 minutes. Add the tomatoes and season with salt. Simmer for 15 to 20 minutes. Taste for seasoning and adjust, if needed. Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Oil the cazuelas. Fill each dish about halfway with the tomato sauce. Bre <END>
INPUT: blackberry, cake, blackberries, sugar, lemon juice, walnuts, granulated sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Blackberry Brown-Sugar Cake | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 lb blackberries (about 3 1/2 cups); 1/2 cup sugar; 1 teaspoon fresh lemon juice; 2/3 cup walnuts (2 oz); 1 cup granulated sugar; 2 sticks (1 cup) unsalted butter, softened, plus additional for greasing pans; 2 cups all-purpose flour; 1 1/4 teaspoons baking soda; 3/4 teaspoon salt; 1 cup well-shaken buttermilk; 1 teaspoon finely grated fresh orange zest; 2 tablespoons fresh orange juice; 1 1/2 teaspoons vanilla; 1 cup packed light brown sugar; 2 large eggs | INSTRUCTIONS: Make blackberry jam: Mash blackberries with sugar using a potato masher or fork in a 3- to 4-quart heavy saucepan. Cook over moderately high heat, stirring occasionally, until slightly thickened, about 7 minutes. Stir in lemon juice, then force through a sieve into a bowl, discarding seeds. Chill jam, its surface covered with wax paper, until softly set, at least 15 minutes. Mash blackberries with sugar using a potato masher or fork in a 3- to 4-quart heavy saucepan. Cook over moderately high heat, stirring occasionally, until slightly thickened, about 7 minutes. Stir in lemon juice, then forc <END>
INPUT: Mexican, kevin, nurse, allspice, thyme, cinnamon, coriander
OUTPUT: TITLE: Kevin Nurse's Jerk Red Snapper and Island Salsa | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2 ounces ground allspice; 2 tablespoons dried thyme; 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1/2 teaspoon ground clove; 2 ounces freshly ground coriander; 2 ounces freshly ground grains of paradise; 1/2 teaspoon ground nutmeg; 8 cloves garlic; 6 scallions; 4 habanero peppers; 4 ounces lime juice; Sea salt; Dash soy sauce; Canola oil, as needed; 1 red snapper, about 2 to 3 pounds | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat grill. Put all the spices, garlic, scallions, peppers, lime juice, salt, to taste, and a dash of soy sauce in a blender. Combine ingredients with oil to make a paste. Score the fish, and then rub the marinade into the fish. Place in a resealable plastic bag and refrigerate for 30 minutes. Remove the snapper from the bag and place on a greased grill, cooking each side for 7 minutes without flipping. While the fish is cooking, brush the zucchini with oil, and season with salt and pepper. Put zucchini slices and whole bell peppers on grill, cooking until the zucchini is tender and red pep <END>
INPUT: bomb, limes, mint, cherry juice, London gin, seltzer
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cherry Bomb | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 limes, cut into 8 wedges and halved; 4 to 5 sprigs mint, leaves only; 2 cups black cherry juice; 8 ounces London dry gin; 1 cup seltzer | INSTRUCTIONS: Muddle lime and mint leaves in a shaker or serving pitcher (if the pitcher is sturdy enough). Add cherry juice, gin, and seltzer and stir to incorporate. Serve over ice-filled glasses. <END>
INPUT: salad, olive oil, onions, Dijon mustard, balsamic vinegar, honey
OUTPUT: TITLE: Caramelized Onion Sweet Potato Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons olive oil; 3 red onions, peeled, halved and thinly sliced; 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard; 1/4 cup balsamic vinegar; 1 teaspoon honey; 1 tablespoon finely chopped orange zest; 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh thyme; 3 sweet potatoes, sliced into 1/2-thick slices; Vegetable oil; Salt and freshly ground pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat oil in a heavy skillet over medium heat. Cook onions slowly until golden brown. Add mustard and vinegar and cook another 2 minutes. Remove from heat and add honey, orange zest and thyme, stir to combine. Let cool. Preheat grill, Brush the potato slices on both sides with the vegetable oil and season with salt and pepper. Grill the potatoes on each side for 3 to 4 minutes or until just cooked through. Place potatoes in a bowl and fold in onion mixture. <END>
INPUT: chili, molasses, wine vinegar, Worcestershire sauce, olive oil, light sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chili Molasses Chicken Skewers | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/3 cup molasses; 1/3 cup red wine vinegar; 5 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 2 tablespoons light brown sugar; 2 chipotle peppers in adobo, chopped (or 2 teaspoons hot sauce); 3 pounds boneless skinless chicken breast or thigh meat, cut lengthwise into 1-inch wide strips; 36 to 40 (6-inch) wooden skewers | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Combine everything except chicken and skewers in a large nonreactive bowl and whisk to combine. Add chicken strips and toss to coat. Cover and marinate at least 45 minutes and up to 4 hours. When ready to cook, heat oven to 425 degrees F and arrange a rack in the middle. Remove chicken from marinade (reserving marinade) and thread 1 piece of chicken on each skewer. Heat the reserved marinade to boiling and boil for 3 minutes. Cool a bit before using. Arrange skewers on a foil-lined baking sheet in a single layer. Bake for 10 minutes, flip skewers and baste with r <END>
INPUT: stew, butternut, trimmed pork shoulder, salt, pepper, sage, cayenne pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pork Stew with Fennel and Butternut Squash | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 pounds 2-inch pieces trimmed pork shoulder (Boston butt); 2 teaspoons salt; 1 teaspoon ground black pepper; 1 teaspoon dried rubbed sage; 1/2 teaspoon cayenne pepper; 1/4 teaspoon ground nutmeg; 1/4 teaspoon ground ginger; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1 cup chopped thinly sliced pancetta* (about 4 ounces); 2 cups chopped onions; 3 garlic cloves, chopped; 1 28-ounce can diced tomatoes in juice; 2 cups low-salt chicken broth; 1 cup dry red wine; 2 large fresh fennel bulbs; fronds chopped and reserved, bulbs cut into 1-inch cubes (about 5 cups) | INSTRUCTIONS: Place pork in large bowl. Mix next 6 ingredients in small bowl; sprinkle over pork, turning pork to coat evenly. Let stand 30 minutes. Preheat oven to 350°F. Heat oil in large ovenproof pot over medium-high heat. Add pancetta and sauté until beginning to brown, about 3 minutes. Using slotted spoon, transfer pancetta to medium bowl. Add half of pork to pot; sauté until brown, about 8 minutes. Using slotted spoon, transfer pork to bowl with pancetta. Repeat with remaining pork. Add onions and garlic to pot; sauté until soft, about 5 minutes. Add tomatoes with juices, broth, wine, and pork mixtur <END>
INPUT: salad, light soy sauce, rice wine vinegar, Sriracha sauce other, garlic, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Green Papaya Salad with Beef and Liver Jerky | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups light soy sauce; 2 tablespoons rice wine vinegar; 2 teaspoons Sriracha sauce* or other Asian hot chile sauce; 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped (about 2 teaspoons); 2 tablespoons sugar; 1 green papaya**; 1 cup Vietnamese beef jerky, thinly sliced*** (about 1/4 pound); 1 cup Vietnamese pork liver jerky, thinly sliced **** (about 1/4 pound; optional); 1 bunch fresh Thai basil leaves, coarsely chopped (about 1 cup); *Available at Asian markets and kalustyans.com; Available at supermarkets and Vietnamese markets in produce section; Available at Vietnamese or Chinese markets. The sweet, thin sheets of jerky are sold in plastic bags or boxes; Available at Vietnamese specialty store | INSTRUCTIONS: In medium bowl, whisk together soy sauce, rice wine vinegar, chile sauce, garlic, and sugar until sugar dissolves, about 1 to 2 minutes. Set aside. Peel, halve, and seed papaya. Using shredding plate of food processor, shred papaya, then place on large plate. Use scissors to cut beef jerky and pork liver jerky, if using, into thin strips then place on top of papaya and sprinkle with Thai basil. Serve dressing on side for guests to toss their own salads. In medium bowl, whisk together soy sauce, rice wine vinegar, chile sauce, garlic, and sugar until sugar dissolves, about 1 to 2 minutes. Set a <END>
INPUT: blueberry, pancakes, lemon, Two bags blueberries, maple syrup, cake mix two, sour cream
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cake-Mix Blueberry Pancakes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 lemon; Two 8-ounce bags frozen blueberries (about 4 cups); 1 tablespoon maple syrup, plus more for serving; 1 box yellow cake mix for two 9-inch rounds; 1 cup sour cream; 2 large eggs; Cooking spray; Confectioners' sugar, for dusting; Butter, softened, for serving | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 200 degrees F (for keeping the pancakes warm). Grate 3/4 teaspoon lemon zest and then squeeze 1 tablespoon of juice; reserve separately. Put one bag of the blueberries, the maple syrup, lemon juice and 1/4 teaspoon of the lemon zest into a small (8-inch) skillet with 1/3 cup water. Bring to a simmer over medium heat, stirring occasionally, and continue to simmer until the mixture is syrupy and thickened, 6 to 8 minutes. Remove the blueberry sauce from the heat and set aside. (You should have about 3/4 cup.) Meanwhile, whisk the cake mix, sour cream, eggs, the remaining 1/2  <END>
INPUT: butternut squash, unsalted butter, dark sugar, molasses, Kosher salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Squash with Brown Butter and Cinnamon | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 pounds butternut squash (or other variety), washed, and peeled with a vegetable peeler; 6 ounces unsalted butter; 2 tablespoons dark brown sugar; 3 tablespoons molasses; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 teaspoon ground ginger; 1 (1 to 2-inch) knob fresh ginger, peeled and finely grated; 1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1/4 teaspoon ground cloves; 1/2 fresh orange | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. Put the squash on a flat surface, then split in half lengthwise and scrape out the seeds. Cut each piece in half, lengthwise, to form 4 wedges. Arrange in a single layer on 1 or 2 baking sheets. In a small saucepan, over medium heat, add the butter. Wait until the butter starts to turn a light brown color. Remove from the heat and immediately pour half of the butter over the squash sections. Reserve the rest of the butter. Sprinkle the squash with the brown sugar and molasses and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Finish by spri <END>
INPUT: corny, mango nectar, mango, all purpose flour, cornmeal, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Corny Mango Salmon | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup mango nectar; 1 mango, diced; 1/2 cup all-purpose flour; 1/2 cup cornmeal; 2 teaspoons sugar; 1 teaspoon salt; 4 (6-ounce) center-cut salmon fillets with skin; Freshly ground black pepper; 1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil; 1 tablespoon butter | INSTRUCTIONS: In a small saucepan over high heat, bring mango nectar and mango to a boil. As mango begins to break down, press down on it with a fork or potato masher, to mash it. Continue cooking until mango cooks down to form a chunky puree, about 15 minutes. Remove half to serve as a sauce. Set the other half aside for dredging. On a large plate, mix together flour, cornmeal, sugar and salt. Preheat a large skillet. Season salmon with salt and freshly ground black pepper. Brush glaze over top of salmon, then dredge in cornmeal mixture. Add oil and butter to skillet. Over high heat, sear salmon cornmeal m <END>
INPUT: sauce, bell peppers, Olive oil, Capers, plain yogurt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Peppers with Rosemary Yogurt Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 red bell peppers, quartered and seeded; 3 yellow bell peppers, quartered and seeded; Olive oil, for brushing; Capers, for garnish; 1 cup plain yogurt; 1 teaspoon minced rosemary; 1 to 2 tablespoons olive oil; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Brush peppers with olive oil and place on prepared grill. Grill until peppers are soft. Arrange grilled peppers on a platter and drizzle with Yogurt Sauce. Sprinkle with capers ROSEMARY YOGURT SAUCE: To make sauce: In a small bowl combine all ingredients and mix until well-blended. Season with salt and pepper. <END>
INPUT: American, spring, virgin olive oil, bacon slice, walnuts, dandelion greens, Gruyère cheese
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spring Greens Sauté with Bacon and Walnuts | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil; 1 thick-cut bacon slice, chopped; 1/2 cup coarsely chopped walnuts; 1 bunch dandelion greens, Swiss chard, or mustard greens (about 12 ounces), tough bottom stems removed, leaves cut into 1-inch pieces (about 8 cups); 2 tablespoons finely grated Gruyère cheese (optional) | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat oil in heavy large skillet over medium-low heat. Add bacon; sauté until almost crisp, about 6 minutes. Add walnuts; sauté 1 minute. Add greens and toss until wilted but still bright green, 5 to 7 minutes. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Transfer to bowl. Sprinkle with cheese, if desired, and serve. Heat oil in heavy large skillet over medium-low heat. Add bacon; sauté until almost crisp, about 6 minutes. Add walnuts; sauté 1 minute. Add greens and toss until wilted but still bright green, 5 to 7 minutes. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Transfer to bowl. Sprinkle with cheese, i <END>
INPUT: Asian, meatballs, pork, shrimp, lemongrass, sesame seeds, lime
OUTPUT: TITLE: Thai Meatballs | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound ground pork; 1 pound peeled and deveined shrimp, ground or chopped finely; 2 tablespoons minced lemongrass; 2 tablespoons sesame seeds; 1 lime, juiced; 2 Thai chiles, minced; 2 tablespoons minced ginger; 2 cloves garlic, minced; 3/4 cup fresh Thai basil leaves, chopped; 3/4 cup fresh cilantro leaves, chopped; 1/2 cup fresh mint leaves, chopped; 2 tablespoons soy sauce; 1/4 cup fish sauce; 1/2 cup breadcrumbs; 2 eggs | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F. Combine the pork, shrimp, lemongrass, sesame seeds, lime juice, chiles, ginger, garlic, basil, cilantro, mint, soy sauce, fish sauce, breadcrumbs and eggs in a large mixing bowl and mix by hand until thoroughly incorporated. Drizzle the olive oil into a 9 by 12-inch baking dish, making sure to evenly coat the entire surface. Roll the mixture into round, golf ball size meatballs, making sure to pack the meat firmly. Place the balls into the oiled baking dish such that all the meatballs are lined up evenly in rows and are touching each of their 4 neighbors in a <END>
INPUT: fake, eggplants, virgin olive oil, Salt pepper, beef lamb, tomato paste
OUTPUT: TITLE: Quick Fake-Out "Stuffed" Eggplant | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 5 small firm eggplants, about 6 to 7 inches long and 3 inches wide or 5 Japanese eggplants about the same size; 5 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 pound ground beef or lamb; 2 tablespoons tomato paste; 1 small to medium onion, finely chopped; 3 to 4 cloves garlic, finely chopped; A small handful raisins; Splash white wine or chicken stock; 3 to 4 tablespoons toasted pine nuts; A handful basil leaves, torn or chopped; 3 tablespoons butter; 1 cup bread crumbs; 1/2 cup finely chopped parsley leaves, a couple generous handfuls; 1/2 cup finely grated pecorino cheese or Parmigiano-Reggiano | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat the oven to 475 degrees F. Halve 4 eggplants lengthwise. Pour about 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil on a rimmed baking sheet. Season the cut eggplant with salt and pepper, to taste, and arrange, cut side down, in the oil. Put in the oven and roast until tender, about 20 minutes. Peel the remaining eggplant and dice into 1/2-inch pieces. In a large skillet, over medium-high heat, add 1 tablespoon of extra-virgin olive oil. Stir in the beef or lamb, the tomato paste, onions, garlic, diced eggplant and raisins. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Add the wine or stock, and cook until the e <END>
INPUT: Mexican, fajitas, garlic, lime juice, olive oil, chili powder
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken Fajitas | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 pound boneless, skinless chicken breasts, cut into 2-inch strips; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh garlic; 1 tablespoon fresh lime juice; 2 teaspoons olive oil, divided; 1 teaspoon chili powder; 1/2 teaspoon ground cumin; Vegetable oil cooking spray; 1 medium onion, thinly sliced; 1 medium red bell pepper, thinly sliced; 1 medium green bell pepper, thinly sliced; 1 can (14.5 ounces) diced tomatoes with green chiles, drained; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 4 whole-wheat tortillas (8 inches each); 4 tablespoons salsa, divided | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat oven to 400°F. In a bowl, toss chicken with garlic, juice, 1 teaspoon oil, chili powder and cumin; marinate 20 minutes. Coat a rimmed sheet pan with cooking spray; add chicken with marinade, onion, bell peppers, tomatoes with chiles, salt, black pepper and remaining 1 tsp oil; toss to combine. Roast, stirring once, until chicken is cooked through, 20 minutes. Wrap tortillas in foil; heat in oven during last 10 minutes of roasting time. Stir 2 tablespoons salsa and 2 tablespoonscilantro into chicken mixture; divide evenly among tortillas, along with remaining 2 tablespoons salsa, yogurt an <END>
INPUT: creamed, unsalted butter, all purpose flour, milk, nutmeg salt pepper, eggs
OUTPUT: TITLE: Creamed Corn, Scallion, and Roasted Red Pepper Roulade | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons unsalted butter; 6 tablespoons all-purpose flour; 1 1/4 cups milk, heated; Freshly grated nutmeg and salt and pepper to taste; 4 large eggs, separated, the whites at room temperature; 1/2 cup freshly grated Parmesan; Pinch of cream of tartar; 10-ounce package frozen corn, unthawed; 1 cup heavy cream; Cayenne to taste; 8 scallions including the green tops, sliced thin; 1 red bell pepper, roasted and chopped (about 1/2 cup); 1/2 cup freshly grated Parmesan, plus 1 tablespoon for sprinkling Roulade; 1 tablespoon softened unsalted butter; 3 red bell peppers, roasted and chopped (about 1 1/2 cups) | INSTRUCTIONS: In a saucepan melt the butter over low heat, stir in the flour, and cook the roux stirring, for 3 minutes. Remove the pan from the heat and add the heated milk, in a stream, whisking. Simmer the mixture, whisking occasionally, for 5 minutes, add the nutmeg and salt and pepper to taste, and transfer the mixture to a large bowl. Whisk in the egg yolks, 1 at a time, whisking well after each addition, and whisk in the Parmesan. In a bowl with an electric mixer beat the egg whites with a pinch of salt until they are frothy, add the cream of tartar, and beat the whites until they just hold stiff pea <END>
INPUT: herb, crusted, garlic, panko bread crumbs, rosemary, olive oil, Salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Garlic and Herb Crusted Lamb Chops | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 to 8 large cloves garlic, quartered; 2 cups panko bread crumbs (Japanese); 3 to 4 sprigs fresh rosemary, stripped from the stems; 1/4 to 1/2 cup olive oil; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 6 to 8 loin lamb chops; 1/4 cup grapeseed oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 325 degrees F. Place the garlic, bread crumbs, and rosemary in a food processor and pulse for a few seconds to chop, then add enough olive oil until a paste is formed. Season with salt and pepper. Press paste firmly onto surface of lamb chops. Heat grapeseed oil over medium heat in a saute pan and brown each side of the chops, leaving undisturbed for the first 2 minutes to allow the crust to integrate into the meat. Place on a baking sheet and finish in the oven, for approximately 6 to 8 additional minutes. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, vegetarian, oranges, olive oil, onions, garlic, chili powder
OUTPUT: TITLE: Vegetarian Black Bean Chili with Orange and Cumin | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2 oranges; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 2 cups chopped onions; 4 garlic cloves, pressed; 4 teaspoons chili powder; 4 teaspoons ground cumin; 2 teaspoons ground cinnamon; 3 15.5-ounce cans seasoned black beans, drained; 2 14.5-ounce cans diced tomatoes in juice; Hot pepper sauce; Sour cream or plain yogurt; Chopped fresh cilantro | INSTRUCTIONS: Grate enough orange peel to measure 1 1/2 teaspoons. Juice oranges. Heat oil in heavy large saucepan over medium-high heat. Add onions; sauté 5 minutes. Mix in garlic and spices. Add beans, tomatoes, and half of orange juice. Simmer over medium heat until heated through and flavors blend, stirring often, about 15 minutes. Mix in orange peel and remaining orange juice. Season to taste with hot sauce, salt, and pepper. Ladle chili into bowls. Top with sour cream and cilantro. Pass extra hot sauce alongside. Grate enough orange peel to measure 1 1/2 teaspoons. Juice oranges. Heat oil in heavy lar <END>
INPUT: Italian, simply, rubbed, garlic, Kosher salt, anchovy fillets, sherry vinegar, pepper flakes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Simply Grilled Basil-Rubbed Swordfish with Tomato-Green Olive Relish | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 clove garlic; Kosher salt; 2 anchovy fillets, patted dry, chopped; 2 tablespoons sherry vinegar; Pinch red pepper flakes; 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 2 plum tomatoes, halved, seeded and finely diced; 1/4 cup chopped green olives; 1 tablespoon capers, rinsed and drained; 1/4 cup fresh basil leaves, chopped, plus 8 basil leaves for rubbing; 4 swordfish steaks, each about 1 1/2-inches thick; 2 tablespoons canola oil; Freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Smash the garlic, sprinkle it with salt, and mash and smear it to a paste using the flat side of a knife. Add the garlic paste to a medium bowl along with the anchovy, vinegar, pepper flakes and some salt. Whisk to combine, then slowly whisk in the olive oil until emulsified. Add the tomatoes, olives, capers and chopped basil and gently stir to combine. Let the relish sit at room temperature for at least 15 minutes to allow flavors to meld. Heat a grill to high. Rub both sides of each swordfish steak with two of the basil leaves, leaving some of the now-bruised basil on top of each steak. Brus <END>
INPUT: Mexican, salad, virgin olive oil, onion, assorted bell peppers, fajita seasoning, Juice limes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Shrimp Fajita Salad | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1 large onion, halved and thinly sliced; 3 assorted bell peppers, seeded and thinly sliced; 3/4 teaspoon fajita seasoning; Juice of 2 limes, plus wedges for serving; 1 teaspoon agave nectar or honey; 1/2 cup fresh cilantro, roughly chopped; Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper; 1 1/4 pounds large shrimp, peeled and deveined; 4 flour tortillas; 1/2 head iceberg lettuce, shredded; 1/2 cup pico de gallo | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat 1 tablespoon olive oil in a large nonstick skillet over medium-high heat. Add the onion and cook, stirring occasionally, until slightly softened, about 5 minutes. Add the bell peppers and 1/2 teaspoon fajita seasoning. Cook, stirring occasionally, until the onion starts browning and the peppers are slightly softened, about 3 minutes. Add 1/4 cup water and continue cooking until the vegetables are tender, about 5 more minutes. Meanwhile, whisk half of the lime juice with 1 1/2 tablespoons olive oil and the agave in a medium bowl. Add half of the cilantro, and the onion and peppers (reserve <END>
INPUT: Italian, spaghetti, virgin olive oil, seasoned bread crumbs, sea salt, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spaghetti with Olives and Bread Crumbs | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound spaghetti; 3/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 2/3 cup seasoned dried bread crumbs; 1/4 teaspoon sea salt, plus more for seasoning; 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, plus more for seasoning; 3/4 cup pitted and roughly chopped black olives (recommended: kalamata); 3/4 cup pitted and roughly chopped large green olives (recommended: Bella Di Cerignola); 1/3 cup freshly grated Parmesan; 1/4 cup chopped fresh flat-leaf parsley | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add the pasta and cook, stirring occasionally, until tender but still firm to the bite, about 8 minutes. Meanwhile, in a large saute pan, heat the oil over medium-high heat. Add the bread crumbs and 1/4 teaspoon each of the sea salt and pepper. Stirring constantly, cook the breadcrumbs until golden brown, about 2 minutes. Drain the pasta, reserving 1 cup of the pasta water. Stir the pasta into the bread crumb mixture. Remove the pan from the heat and add the black and green olives. Add the Parmesan cheese and 3 tablespoons of the parsley. Season the <END>
INPUT: shamrock, shake, mint chocolate chip, milk, mini chocolate chips, Whipped cream, Chocolate syrup
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate-Mint Shamrock Shake | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cups mint chocolate chip ice cream; 1/2 cup whole milk; 1/4 cup mini chocolate chips; Whipped cream (plain or chocolate; optional); Chocolate syrup, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: In a blender, combine the mint chocolate chip ice cream with the milk and process until smooth, about 30 seconds. Add the chocolate chips and stir to combine. Pour the shake into a glass, top with the whipped cream, and drizzle with chocolate syrup. In a blender, combine the mint chocolate chip ice cream with the milk and process until smooth, about 30 seconds. Add the chocolate chips and stir to combine. Pour the shake into a glass, top with the whipped cream, and drizzle with chocolate syrup. <END>
INPUT: lentils, pearl onions, bay leaf, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lentils with Pearl Onions | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups brown or green lentils; 12-ounce package frozen pearl onions; 1 bay leaf; 2 teaspoons salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Rinse lentils and drain. Place lentils, onions and bay leaf in medium large saucepan with enough water to cover by 1-inch. Bring to a simmer over medium heat then reduce heat to very low, cover, and cook very gently 20 minutes. Uncover, stir in salt, and add water if necessary to just cover the lentils. Continue cooking gently, covered, 10 to 25 minutes until lentils are just cooked through (creamy, not floury in the center, but not mushy either). Frozen pearl onions are a super easy way to introduce a savory note to legumes as they are cooking. Lentils are the quickest cooking member of the l <END>
INPUT: Italian, parmesan, pepper, salt, Parmigiano Reggiano, mint
OUTPUT: TITLE: Watermelon with Parmesan and Mint | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 (4-lb) piece watermelon; 1/2 teaspoon black pepper; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 1/2 oz Parmigiano-Reggiano, grated with a rasp (3/4 cup); 1 1/2 tablespoons chopped fresh mint | INSTRUCTIONS: Cut watermelon lengthwise into narrow wedges about 1 1/2 inches wide, then cut wedges crosswise into 3/4-inch-thick slices (they will be tall and pointed). Trim rind to enable slices to stand upright. Just before serving, stir together pepper and salt and sprinkle over slices. Stir together cheese and mint and sprinkle slices again. Cut watermelon lengthwise into narrow wedges about 1 1/2 inches wide, then cut wedges crosswise into 3/4-inch-thick slices (they will be tall and pointed). Trim rind to enable slices to stand upright. Just before serving, stir together pepper and salt and sprinkle  <END>
INPUT: American, cherry, spread, sour cherries, water, two packages cream, pecans, lime juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cherry and Pecan Cream Cheese Spread | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup dried sour cherries; 1 cup water; two 8-ounce packages cream cheese, softened; 1/2 cup chopped toasted pecans; 1 tablespoon fresh lime juice; 1/2 teaspoon fresh thyme leaves; 1/4 teaspoon freshly grated lime zest; scones or crackers as accompaniments | INSTRUCTIONS: In a small heavy saucepan simmer cherries in water until liquid is reduced to about 1 tablespoon. Remove pan from heat and cool mixture. In a bowl whisk together cream cheese, pecans, lime juice, thyme, zest, cherry mixture, and salt and pepper to taste until spread is combined well. Spread may be made 2 days ahead and kept chilled, covered. In a small heavy saucepan simmer cherries in water until liquid is reduced to about 1 tablespoon. Remove pan from heat and cool mixture. In a bowl whisk together cream cheese, pecans, lime juice, thyme, zest, cherry mixture, and salt and pepper to taste un <END>
INPUT: Asian, tart, shortbread cookies from, sugar, unsalted butter, unflavored gelatin, milk
OUTPUT: TITLE: Ginger-Cream Tart with Raspberries | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups ground shortbread cookies from 2 (5 1/3-ounce) packages; 1/4 cup sugar; 3 tablespoons cold unsalted butter, cut into pieces; 1 1/2 teaspoons unflavored gelatin; 2 tablespoons milk; 1/2 cup finely chopped crystallized ginger; 1 teaspoon fresh lemon juice; 3/4 teaspoon salt; 2 cups heavy cream; 3/4 cup sour cream; Accompaniments: confectioners sugar and raspberries | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Make shell: Blend ground shortbread, sugar, and butter in a food processor until mixture begins to clump together. Press onto bottom and up side of tart pan. Bake in middle of oven 15 minutes, then cool in pan on a rack. Make ginger cream: Sprinkle gelatin over milk in a small bowl and let stand 1 minute to soften. Transfer to a saucepan and cook with ginger, sugar, lemon juice, salt, and 1 cup heavy cream over moderate heat, stirring, until sugar and gelatin are dissolved. Cool to room temperature, about 1 hour. Whisk sour cream in a large bowl until smooth. Bea <END>
INPUT: Mexican, greek, Juice lime lemon, olive oil, garlic, coriander, cumin
OUTPUT: TITLE: Greek Chicken in a Pita | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: Juice of a lime or lemon; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 2 clove garlic, peeled; 1 teaspoons ground coriander; 1 teaspoon cumin; Salt and pepper; 1/2 cup mint or cilantro leaves; 2 boneless, skinless chicken breasts, Sliced into thin strips; 1 cup plain yogurt; 1/2 cucumber, peeled and chopped; 2 tablespoons chopped mint; 1 tomato, chopped; Mixed lettuce leaves; 4 pitas with pockets | INSTRUCTIONS: In a blender combine juice, 1 tablespoon oil, garlic, coriander, cumin, salt and pepper and mint or cilantro leaves. Process until smooth and pour over chicken to marinate. Refrigerate chicken and allow to marinate for 30 minutes. In a small bowl stir together yogurt, cucumber and chopped mint. In a large skillet heat 1 tablespoon olive oil over medium high heat. Add marinated chicken and cook for 8-10 minutes, stirring occasionally. Heat pitas under a broiler or in a toaster oven. Slice open pitas and stuff with chicken, tomatoes, lettuce and top with yogurt dressing. Serve immediately. <END>
INPUT: garden, puree, sugar snap peas, English peas, asparagus, haricots verts tender, virgin olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Lamb Chops and Spicy Lobster with Garden Puree | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 pound sugar snap peas, trimmed; 1 pound English peas, shelled, or 1 cup frozen petite peas; 1/2 pound asparagus, tips only (about 2 1/2 inches); 1/2 pound haricots verts or tender green beans, trimmed; 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 1 cup ricotta cheese; 3 scallions, green parts only, roughly chopped; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 4 (1 1/2-inch thick) lamb chops; Extra-virgin olive oil; 1 stick unsalted butter; 1 tomato, seeded and chopped; 3 sprigs fresh thyme; 2 lobster tails, halved; Mint leaves, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Make the Garden Puree: Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add the peas, asparagus tips, and green beans and cook until bright green and crisp tender, about 3 minutes. (If you're using frozen peas, you can throw them in during the last minute to thaw.) Drain, transfer to a bowl of salted ice water to stop the cooking, and drain again. Save a few pieces of each vegetable to use as garnish. Puree the cooled greens in a food processor while pouring in the olive oil. Add the ricotta and scallions and process again. Taste and adjust seasoning with salt and pepper; set aside. For the lamb c <END>
INPUT: Asian, orange juice, rice vinegar, shallot, Coarse salt, dark sesame oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Broccoli Slaw | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1/3 cup orange juice, about 1/2 an orange; 1/3 cup rice vinegar; 2 teaspoons minced shallot; Coarse salt; 1 tablespoon dark sesame oil; 1 tablespoon grated ginger; 1 teaspoon Coleman's mustard; 1 (10 ounce) bag broccoli slaw | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine orange juice, vinegar and shallots in bowl you'll be serving slaw in. Add good pinch of salt. Let stand 5 to 20 minutes, as long as you can. Whisk in sesame oil, ginger and mustard. Taste and adjust seasonings. Add broccoli slaw to bowl, toss to combine. Taste once more. Serve immediately. <END>
INPUT: American, fishmarket, premade folded pie, McIntosh apples, egg, sour cream, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fishmarket Apple Pie | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 premade folded pie crust; 2 1/2 pounds McIntosh apples, peeled, cored and sliced; 1 egg; 1 1/2 cup sour cream; 1 cup sugar; 1/4 cup flour; 2 teaspoons vanilla; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/2 cup butter; 1/2 cup flour; 1/3 cup sugar; 1/3 cup brown sugar; 3 teaspoons cinnamon; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 1 cup chopped walnuts | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 450 degrees F. Line a deep dish pie plate with pie crust and form a decorative edge. In large bowl beat eggs lightly and stir in sour cream, sugar, flour, vanilla, and salt until smooth. Toss in apples and stir to coat. Spoon into pie shell. Bake 10 minutes. Lower oven to 350 degrees F. Bake for 35 minutes. Combine butter with rest of ingredients with fork or pastry blender. Sprinkle topping over pie and bake for 15 minutes. Cool to room temperature and chill. Serve chilled. <END>
INPUT: cake, all purpose flour, baking powder, fine salt, milk
OUTPUT: TITLE: Stuffed Candy Corn Cake | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 12 tablespoons (1 1/2 sticks) unsalted butter, at room temperature, plus more for buttering the pans; 2 1/2 cups all-purpose flour (see Cook's Note); 1 tablespoon baking powder; 1/2 teaspoon fine salt; 1 cup whole milk, at room temperature; 1 tablespoon vanilla extract; 3 large eggs plus 1 large egg yolk, at room temperature; 1 1/2 cups granulated sugar; 4 1/2 cups confectioners' sugar; 1 1/2 cups (3 sticks) unsalted butter, at room temperature; 3 tablespoons whole milk; 1 1/2 teaspoons vanilla extract; 1 1/2 cups (9 ounces) candy corn candies; 1/2 teaspoon orange gel food coloring; 2 teaspoons yellow gel food coloring | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Special equipment: 2 piping bags fitted with 1/2-inch plain tips, a spinning cake stand, optional, and a large offset spatula For the cake: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Butter two 9-inch round cake pans and line the bottom of each with parchment. Whisk together the flour, baking powder and salt in a medium bowl. Whisk the milk, vanilla, eggs and egg yolk together in another medium bowl. Beat the butter and granulated sugar in a large bowl with an electric mixer on medium-high until light and fluffy, about 3 minutes. Add about a third of the flour mixture an <END>
INPUT: king, celery, onion, carrots, bay leaf, Salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken a la King | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 ribs celery, thinly sliced on bias; 1 large onion, finely chopped; 2 carrots, thinly sliced on bias; 1 fresh bay leaf; Salt and pepper; 1/2 red bell pepper, thinly sliced into strips; 3 tablespoons butter; 3 heaping tablespoons all-purpose flour; 1/2 cup white wine; 2 1/2 cups chicken stock; 1/2 cup heavy cream; 4 boneless, skinless chicken breasts, cut into bite-size pieces; 1/2 pound thin asparagus, cut into 1-inch pieces on a long angle; 1 cup frozen peas; 2 tablespoons fresh tarragon, chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: Place a large, deep-sided skillet over medium-high heat with EVOO, 2 turns of the pan. Add the celery, onions, carrots and bay leaf and season with a little salt and pepper. Cook, stirring frequently, for about 7 to 8 minutes. Add the red bell pepper and continue to cook for an additional 2 to 3 minutes. Scoot the veggies over to the sides and add the butter to the center of the skillet. Once the butter has melted, add the flour and cook for about 1 minute. Whisk in the white wine, chicken stock and cream. Bring the liquids up to a simmer, then add the chicken pieces. Bring back up to a simmer <END>
INPUT: American, mores, chip, light sugar, granulated sugar, eggs, baking soda
OUTPUT: TITLE: S'mores Chocolate Chip Cookies | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup (2 sticks) unsalted butter, at room temperature; 3/4 cup packed light brown sugar; 3/4 cup granulated sugar; 2 large eggs; 1 teaspoon baking soda; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; Pinch salt; 3 cups all-purpose flour; 1 1/2 cups coarsely-smashed graham cracker pieces (from about 1 sleeve), plus 36 small graham cracker squares; Marshmallow creme, for topping cookies; One 8-ounce milk chocolate bar, broken into pieces | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. With an electric mixer, beat together the butter and sugars in a large bowl until smooth and fluffy, then beat in the eggs. Add the baking soda, vanilla and salt to the butter mixture, mixing just until combined. Add the flour and smashed graham crackers and slowly mix together until combined. Drop tablespoon-sized dollops of batter 2 inches apart on ungreased baking sheets. Dollop some marshmallow creme onto each of the cookies, and press a piece of chocolate and graham cracker into the marshmallow. Bake until just set in the c <END>
INPUT: Mexican, cowboy, kebabs, unsalted butter, chili powder, light sugar, cumin, orange zest
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cowboy Cumin Kebabs with Onions and Baby Peppers with Bush's Texas Ranchero Grillin' Beans | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2 Tbsp unsalted butter, melted; 1 Tbsp chili powder; 2 Tbsp light brown sugar; 2 tsp cumin; 1 tsp finely grated orange zest; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 1/2 pounds beef tri-tip, cut into 1 1/2-inch cubes; 1 large sweet onion, cut into 1 1/2-2-inch dice; 12 assorted color baby bell peppers, cored and halved; Vegetable oil; Bush's® Texas Ranchero Grillin' Beans® | INSTRUCTIONS: Mix butter, chili powder, cumin, brown sugar, orange zest, 1 tablespoon salt and 1 teaspoon pepper together in a bowl. Add the beef, toss to coat evenly. Cover and refrigerate for 1 hour. Prepare a grill with high heat. Thread the beef, onions and peppers onto 8 long skewers, leaving 1/4-inch space between the meat pieces. Lightly brush grates with oil. Arrange skewers on grill; grill, turning until the meat is medium-rare each side, about 2-3 minutes on each of the 4 sides. Transfer to platter; serve with Bush's® Texas Ranchero Grillin' Beans®. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, tacos, salsa, vegetable oil, skirt flank steak, Kosher salt, cilantro leaves tender, radishes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Steak Tacos with Cilantro-Radish Salsa | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, divided; 1 pound skirt or flank steak; Kosher salt, freshly ground pepper; 1/2 cup fresh cilantro leaves with tender stems, divided; 4 radishes, trimmed, chopped; 2 spring onions or 4 scallions, white and pale-green parts only, thinly sliced; 1/2 serrano chile or jalapeño, seeds removed if desired, finely chopped; 2 tablespoons fresh lime juice; 8 corn tortillas, warmed; 2 ounces queso fresco or Cotija cheese, crumbled | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat 1 tablespoon oil in a large skillet over high heat. Season steak with salt and pepper and cook about 5 minutes per side for medium rare. Let steak rest 5 minutes. Meanwhile, chop half of cilantro and toss with radishes, onions, chile, lime juice, and remaining 1 tablespoon oil in a medium bowl. Season radish salsa with salt and pepper. Slice steak and serve on tortillas topped with radish salsa, queso fresco, and remaining cilantro. Heat 1 tablespoon oil in a large skillet over high heat. Season steak with salt and pepper and cook about 5 minutes per side for medium rare. Let steak rest 5 <END>
INPUT: American, danish, mascarpone cheese, egg yolk, sugar, all purpose flour, vanilla extract
OUTPUT: TITLE: Puff Pastry Cheese and Preserve Danish | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup mascarpone cheese; 1 egg yolk, plus 1 egg beaten with 1 tablespoon water; 1/4 heaping cup sugar; 2 tablespoons all-purpose flour, plus extra for rolling out dough; 1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract; 1 sheet store bought frozen puff pastry, thawed; 1 (6-ounce) jar high quality fruit preserves (recommended: Cherry); Special Equipment: rolling pin | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat oven to 375 degrees F. In a small bowl combine the mascarpone, egg yolk, sugar, flour and vanilla. Stir until just combined and then set aside. Dust the puff pastry with flour and roll with a rolling pin to flatten and smooth. Place the puff pastry on a sheet tray lined with parchment paper. Schmear the mascarpone down the middle of the puff pastry lengthwise into a 3-inch wide strip. Spoon the fruit preserves on top of the mascarpone. Using sharp kitchen shears cut the long sides of the pastry into 1-inch wide strips. Cut towards the cheese filling but s <END>
INPUT: tart, puff pastry sheet, egg, sugar, sour cream, whipped cream cheese
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mango Tart | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 frozen puff pastry sheet (from a 17 1/4-oz package), thawed; 1 large egg, lightly beaten; 1/4 cup sugar; 1/2 cup sour cream; 1/3 cup whipped cream cheese; 1 teaspoon finely grated fresh lime zest; 2 large mangoes, peeled; Garnish: finely julienned blanched lime zest | INSTRUCTIONS: Prepare pastry: Preheat oven to 400°F. Unfold pastry sheet on a greased baking sheet, then turn over (to prevent creases from splitting during baking). Trim edges with a sharp knife. Brush pastry lightly with egg (do not allow to drip down sides). Create a 3/4-inch border all around by lightly scoring a line parallel to each edge of pastry (do not cut all the way through). Prick inner rectangle evenly with a fork, then sprinkle with 1 tablespoon sugar. Bake in lower third of oven 15 minutes, or until puffed and golden brown. Transfer to a rack and cool to room temperature. Preheat oven to 400° <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, tzatziki, salad, English cucumber cucumber, salt, plain yogurt, virgin olive oil, lemon juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tzatziki Yogurt, Garlic and Cucumber Salad | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 1 large English cucumber or 2 small cucumber, peeled, seeded and finely diced; 2 teaspoons salt; 2 cups plain yogurt; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 2 to 5 large cloves garlic, finely minced; 1/4 cup fresh mint leaves, coarsely chopped or 2 tablespoons dried mint; Salt and freshly ground pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Place the diced cucumber in a colander and sprinkle with the salt, tossing to mix well. Set the colander in a bowl, cover with plastic wrap and allow to drain for 3 to 6 hours. Line a sieve with cheesecloth and place the plain yogurt on top of the cheesecloth. Place the sieve over a bowl and allow to drain for 3 to 6 hours. Pat the drained cucumber dry and transfer to a large bowl. Add the yogurt and stir to combine. Add the olive oil, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, garlic and mint, mixing gently until thoroughly blended. Season to taste with additional lemon juice, salt and freshly ground pepper. <END>
INPUT: layer, sheet, egg whites, sugar, pure vanilla extract, almond extract
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lemon Layer Sheet Cake | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 8 egg whites; 16 tablespoons (2 sticks) cool unsalted butter, cut into pieces; 2 cups sugar; 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract; 1/2 teaspoon almond extract; 2 lemons, zested; 4 cups sifted cake flour; 2 tablespoons baking powder; 1 1/3 cups milk; 1 1/2 cups egg whites; 1 1/2 cups sugar; 3 cups butter; 2 teaspoons vanilla extract; 2 tablespoons lemon juice | INSTRUCTIONS: In a mixer fitted with a whisk attachment (or using a hand mixer), whip the egg whites until stiff but not dry. Refrigerate. Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Line two 13-by-18-inch baking sheets with parchment paper. In a mixer fitted with a paddle attachment (or using a hand mixer), cream the butter until smooth. With the mixer running, slowly add the sugar and mix. Add the vanilla, almond extract, and lemon zest and mix well. Sift the flour 3 times with the baking powder (this is to lighten the cakes). Add a third of the flour mixture to the butter mixture and mix. Add half of the milk to the  <END>
INPUT: cakes, roasted cornmeal, self rising flour, sugar, eggs, buttermilk
OUTPUT: TITLE: Corn Cakes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup roasted cornmeal (fine ground yellow cornmeal); 1 cup self-rising flour; 4 tablespoons sugar; 2 eggs; 2 cups buttermilk; 3 ounces corn oil; 2 cups fresh corn kernels | INSTRUCTIONS: Place cornmeal, flour, and sugar in a bowl and mix together. In a separate bowl, combine eggs, buttermilk, corn oil, and fresh corn and mix together Fold mixtures together. Place 4 ounces of pancake mix onto a hot griddle. Cook on medium high heat for 4 minutes on each side, until cooked through. <END>
INPUT: Italian, polenta, calamari, shrimp, egg, sourdough breadcrumbs, parmesan cheese
OUTPUT: TITLE: Shrimp-Stuffed Calamari with Polenta | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 18 4-inch calamari (about 2 pounds), cleaned, tentacles separated (ask your fishmonger to do this); 1/2 pound medium shrimp, peeled and deveined; 1 large egg; 1/4 cup sourdough breadcrumbs (about 1 slice, ground); 1/4 cup grated parmesan cheese; 1/4 cup chopped fresh parsley; 1/3 cup chopped fresh basil; Grated zest and juice of 1 lemon; 2 anchovy fillets, rinsed and chopped; 3 cloves garlic, minced; 6 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper; 6 cloves garlic, thinly sliced; 1/4 teaspoon red pepper flakes; Kosher salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Prepare the calamari: Rinse the bodies and set aside. Dice the tentacles and the shrimp into 1/4-to-1/2-inch pieces. Beat the egg in a large bowl. Add the diced calamari tentacles and shrimp, the breadcrumbs, cheese, parsley, basil, lemon zest and juice, anchovies and garlic. Add 3 tablespoons olive oil, 3/4 teaspoon salt, and pepper to taste and mix until combined. Using your fingers, stuff each calamari body about two-thirds full with the shrimp-breadcrumb mixture and close with a toothpick. Heat the remaining 3 tablespoons olive oil in a wide pot over medium-high heat. Sear the calamari in  <END>
INPUT: seasoned, vegetable oil, powdered ranch salad, lemon pepper seasoning, an oyster crackers
OUTPUT: TITLE: Seasoned Oyster Crackers | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 cup vegetable oil; a 1-ounce package powdered ranch salad dressing mix; 1/2 teaspoon lemon pepper seasoning; an 11-ounce package oyster crackers (about 6 cups) | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large bowl whisk together oil, dressing mix, and lemon pepper seasoning. Add oyster crackers and toss until coated well. Spread oyster crackers on a double thickness of paper towels to absorb excess oil and let stand 30 minutes. Transfer crackers to an airtight container and let stand at room temperature at least 8 hours (to develop flavor) and up to 1 week. In a large bowl whisk together oil, dressing mix, and lemon pepper seasoning. Add oyster crackers and toss until coated well. Spread oyster crackers on a double thickness of paper towels to absorb excess oil and let stand 30 minutes.  <END>
INPUT: soup, cannellini other beans, onion, garlic, bay leaves, Kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tomato and Cannellini Bean Soup | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup dried cannellini or other small white beans, soaked overnight; 1 onion, quartered through root end; 4 garlic cloves, crushed; 2 bay leaves; Kosher salt; 4 Tbsp. olive oil, divided, plus more for drizzling; 1 (28-ounce can) whole peeled tomatoes, drained; 1/2 teaspoon (or more) crushed red Pepper flakes; Kosher salt; 1 onion, chopped; 1 fennel bulb, cored, chopped; 4 garlic cloves, very thinly sliced; 1 tablespoon Sherry vinegar; 4 cups low-sodium vegetable broth; 1 bunch Swiss chard, stems removed, leaves torn into pieces | INSTRUCTIONS: Beans Combine beans, onion, garlic, and bay leaves in a large pot and add cold water to cover by 2". Bring to a simmer over medium heat, add several pinches of salt, and reduce heat to low. Continue to cook at a bare simmer until beans are creamy but still hold their shape, 35-45 minutes. Let beans cool in cooking liquid; discard bay leaves. Beans Combine beans, onion, garlic, and bay leaves in a large pot and add cold water to cover by 2". Bring to a simmer over medium heat, add several pinches of salt, and reduce heat to low. Continue to cook at a bare simmer until beans are creamy but still <END>
INPUT: cucumbers, hothouse seedless cucumber, onion, picked dill, vinegar, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pickled Cucumbers and Red Onion | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 hothouse seedless cucumber; 1/2 small red onion; 2 tablespoons fresh picked dill sprigs; 1 1/2 cups white vinegar; 1 cup sugar; 5 to 6 allspice berries; 1/4 teaspoon kosher salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Using a mandoline or sharp knife, finely slice the cucumbers and red onion. Put in a mixing bowl with the dill sprigs and a pinch of salt while you prepare the pickling solution. In a small pot over medium heat, combine white vinegar, sugar, allspice and salt. Stir well until the liquid is simmering and the sugar has completely dissolved. Pour pickling liquid over red onion and cucumbers and stir to ensure everything is evenly coated. Allow to cool to room temperature, then cover with plastic wrap (press the plastic wrap down onto the cucumbers so there is no air <END>
INPUT: Indian, root, vegetable, coriander seeds, cumin seeds, caraway seeds, pepper, turmeric
OUTPUT: TITLE: Root Vegetable Tagine with Sweet Potatoes, Carrots, Turnips, and Spice-Roasted Chickpeas | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 1 teaspoon coriander seeds; 1 teaspoon cumin seeds; 1/2 teaspoon caraway seeds; 1/2 teaspoon dried crushed red pepper; 1/4 teaspoon turmeric; 4 1/2 teaspoons coarse kosher salt, divided; 1/2 cup fresh lemon juice; 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1 1/2 cups chopped onion; 3 garlic cloves, minced; 1 1/2 tablespoons tomato paste; 1 1/4 cups 1/2-inch cubes peeled carrots; 1 celery stalk, chopped; 4 cups water; 1 1/4 pounds red-skinned sweet potatoes | INSTRUCTIONS: Toast coriander, cumin, and caraway seeds in small skillet over medium heat until beginning to brown, about 2 minutes. Cool. Transfer to spice mill; process until finely ground. Transfer to small bowl. Add red pepper, turmeric, and 1/2 teaspoon salt. Mix lemon slices, lemon juice, and 4 teaspoons coarse salt in small skillet. Bring to boil. Reduce heat, cover, and simmer until lemon slices are almost tender, about 10 minutes. Cool preserved lemon. Drain and chop. DO AHEAD: Spice blend and preserved lemon can be made 1 week ahead. Store spice blend airtight at room temperature. Transfer preserv <END>
INPUT: meringues, hazelnuts, confectioners' sugar, all purpose flour, egg whites, fine sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Hazelnut Meringues | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 5 ounces hazelnuts, raw or blanched; 5 ounces confectioners' sugar, plus 2 ounces confectioners' sugar; 1 tablespoon plus 1/2 teaspoon all-purpose flour; 4 egg whites; 5 ounces extra-fine sugar; Serving suggestion: Frangelico Ganache, recipe follows; 1 cup heavy cream; 1 vanilla bean or vanilla bean shell; 1 to 2 tablespoons Frangelico, a hazelnut liqueur; 10 ounces bittersweet chocolate, chop | INSTRUCTIONS: Hazelnut powder: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Line a sheet pan with parchment paper and lightly butter it, set aside. If hazelnuts are raw, toast them in the oven, and then rub the skins off in a clean, dry dishtowel. Blanch toasted hazelnuts in boiling water for 30 seconds and then immediately chill them in ice water. Squeeze the nuts through the skins. Grind the hazelnuts in the bowl of a food processor fitted with a steel blade with 5 ounces confectioners' sugar, until smooth and fine, approximately 10 to 15 seconds. Whisk together the hazelnut powder, 2 ounces confectioners' sugar, and f <END>
INPUT: baby Yukon Gold, canola oil, thyme leaves, kosher salt, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Crispy Baby Yukon Gold Potatoes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 pounds baby Yukon Gold potatoes, halved; 3 tablespoons canola oil; 1 tablespoon chopped thyme leaves; 2 teaspoons kosher salt; 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 1/4 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg; Horseradish-Yogurt Sauce (for serving; optional) | INSTRUCTIONS: Arrange racks in upper and lower thirds of oven; preheat to 450°F. Toss potatoes with oil, thyme, salt, pepper, and nutmeg in a large bowl until coated. Arrange in an even layer, cut side down, on two rimmed baking sheets. Roast potatoes, rotating sheets front to back and top to bottom halfway through, until crisp and golden brown on the bottom, about 25 minutes. Serve with Horseradish-Yogurt Sauce, if desired. Arrange racks in upper and lower thirds of oven; preheat to 450°F. Toss potatoes with oil, thyme, salt, pepper, and nutmeg in a large bowl until coated. Arrange in an even layer, cut si <END>
INPUT: Salt, baby carrots, butter, honey, lemon juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Honey Glazed Carrots | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Salt; 1 pound baby carrots; 2 tablespoons butter; 2 tablespoons honey; 1 tablespoon lemon juice; Freshly ground black pepper; 1/4 cup chopped flat-leaf parsley | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. In a medium saucepan, bring water to a boil. Add salt and then carrots and cook until tender, 5 to 6 minutes. Drain the carrots and add back to pan with butter, honey and lemon juice. Cook until a glaze coats the carrots, 5 minutes. Season with salt and pepper and garnish with parsley. <END>
INPUT: American, quesadillas, mini, olive oil, onions, purchased barbecue sauce, water, diameter flour tortillas
OUTPUT: TITLE: Bbq Onion and Smoked Gouda Quesadillas with Pea Shoot Mini Salad | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 6 tablespoons olive oil, divided; 1 pound onions, peeled, halved, thinly sliced; 1/3 cup purchased barbecue sauce; 2 tablespoons water; 8 8-inch-diameter flour tortillas; 8 ounces coarsely grated smoked Gouda cheese (about 2 cups packed); 1/3 cup chopped fresh cilantro; 2 ounces pea shoots or pea sprouts or 1 small bunch trimmed watercress; 1 teaspoon hot pepper sauce | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 300°F. Heat 3 tablespoons oil in large nonstick skillet over high heat. Add onions and sauté until almost soft, about 5 minutes. Add barbecue sauce and 2 tablespoons water. Stir until onions are evenly coated, about 2 minutes. Place 4 tortillas on work surface. Sprinkle 1/4 of cheese, then 1/4 of cilantro and 1/4 of onions on each tortilla. Top each with second tortilla and press to adhere. Brush skillet with 1 teaspoon oil; heat over medium-high heat. Add 1 quesadilla; cook until cheese is melted, about 2 minutes per side. Place on baking sheet in oven. Repeat with remaining q <END>
INPUT: liquado, cantaloupe, milk, ice, honey
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cantaloupe Liquado | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 1/2 cups chopped cantaloupe (about 1 small); 1 1/2 cups cold milk; 2 cups chopped ice; 3 tablespoons honey | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine the cantaloupe with the milk, ice, and honey in a blender or food processor and puree until smooth. Pour into tall glasses and serve immediately. <END>
INPUT: Asian, fantail, dozen jumbo shrimp, MARINADE, ginger, garlic, Asian sesame oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fantail Shrimp | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1 dozen jumbo shrimp; MARINADE; 1 tablespoon finely minced fresh ginger; 1 tablespoon finely minced garlic; 2 tablespoons Asian sesame oil; SESAME SEED BATTER; 1 1/2 cups flour; 1 tablespoon baking powder; 1/2 teaspoon salt, or to taste; 1 1/2 cups water; 1/4 cup sesame seeds; 4 cups oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Rinse, dry, shell, and devein the shrimp if necessary, but leave the tails on. Split the shrimp along the inner curve, but do not cut all the way through. Spread each shrimp out flat and tap with the broad of a cleaver or knife. (Cutting along the inner curve prevents the shrimp from curling out of shape during the cooking.) Make the marinade by combining in a bowl the ginger, garlic, and oil. Season shrimp with the marinade, cover and chill 30 minutes. Make the batter by measuring out the dry ingredients into a mixing bowl and then adding the liquid ones, singly and little by little, stirring <END>
INPUT: chips, Peanut oil, Yukon gold potatoes, Salt pepper, Neely's BBQ Seasoning, paprika
OUTPUT: TITLE: Homemade Potato Chips | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Peanut oil, for frying; 1 1/2 pounds Yukon gold potatoes; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; Neely's BBQ Seasoning, recipe follows; 1 1/2 cups paprika; 3/4 cup white sugar; 3 3/4 tablespoons onion powder | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat peanut oil in deep-fryer to 375 degrees F. Peel potatoes and then slice into very thin 1/8-inch slices using a mandoline with a straight blade attachment. Keep potatoes in very cold water until ready to fry after cutting. Drain potatoes in a colander and blot dry with paper towels. Fry potatoes in batches, only a few at a time, for about 3 to 4 minutes. Once they reach a golden brown color, remove chips from the fryer and drain on a pepper towel lined sheet tray. Dust immediately with salt, pepper and Neely's BBQ seasoning, to taste. Combine ingredients a <END>
INPUT: Italian, penne, Kosher salt, Quick Marinara Sauce, Parmesan Pecorino Romano, Basil leaves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Penne with Marinara Sauce | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound penne; Kosher salt; 1 recipe Quick Marinara Sauce, recipe follows; Freshly grated Parmesan or Pecorino Romano; Basil leaves, for garnish (optional); 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1/2 medium onion, diced; 3 cloves garlic, chopped; 3 1/2 cups whole, peeled, canned tomatoes in puree (about 1 (28-ounce) can), chopped or crushed by hand; Fresh thyme sprig; Fresh basil sprig; 3 plum tomatoes, chopped (optional); 2 teaspoons kosher salt; Freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring a large pot of cold water to a boil over high heat, then salt it generously. Add the penne and cook, stirring occasionally until al dente - tender but not mushy. Set a colander in the sink and drain the penne. Transfer the penne to the sauce and toss. Add the Parmesan, season with pepper, and stir to combine. Transfer to a serving bowl and garnish with the basil leaves, and serve. Pass more Parmesan at the table. Copyright 2003 Television Food Network, G.P. All rights reserved Heat the oil in a medium saucepan over medium-high heat. Add the onion and garlic, and cook stirring, until ligh <END>
INPUT: latkes, russet, onion, scallions, egg, Salt pepper taste
OUTPUT: TITLE: Potato Latkes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 pounds russet (baking) or Yukon Gold potatoes; 1 medium onion; 1/2 cup chopped scallions, including the green part; 1 large egg beaten; Salt and pepper to taste; Vegetable oil for frying | INSTRUCTIONS: Peel the potatoes and put in cold water. Using a grater or a food processor coarsely grate the potatoes and onions. Place together in a fine-mesh strainer or tea towel and squeeze all the water over a bowl. The potato starch will settle to the bottom; reserve that after you have carefully poured off the water. Mix the potato and onion with the potato starch. Add the scallions, egg, and salt and pepper. Heat a griddle or non-stick pan and coat with a thin film of vegetable oil. Take about 2 tablespoons of the potato mixture in the palm of your hand and flatten as best you can. Place the potato  <END>
INPUT: French, cobb, salad, beets, onion, peppercorns, bay leaf
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cobb Salad with Pickled Beets, Eggs, and Spicy Sweet Mustard Dressing | CUISINE: French | INGREDIENTS: 1 bunch beets; 1 small yellow onion; 5 peppercorns; 5 whole cloves; 1 bay leaf; 1/4 cup sugar; 3/4 cup vinegar; 4 eggs, hard boiled and peeled; 1 cup Dijon mustard; 1 cup honey; 1 cup seasoned rice wine vinegar; 4 teaspoon dry tarragon; Salt and pepper; 12 ounces baby romaine lettuce, cleaned; 8 pieces bacon, cooked and crumbled | INSTRUCTIONS: Scrub and peel the beets. Peel and slice the onions. Put the beets and onions in a medium size saucepan and cover with water. Add the peppercorns, cloves and bay leaf and simmer over medium-heat for about 30 minutes or until the beets are semi soft. Remove from heat and cool. Add the sugar and the vinegar. Add the hard-boiled eggs. Refrigerate and cool overnight. Whisk together the Dijon, honey, vinegar, tarragon, and salt and pepper and set aside. Arrange romaine, bacon, chicken, Gorgonzola, avocado, eggs, and beets and onions on a plate and serve next to a small side dish of dressing. <END>
INPUT: covered, salted, maple bacon, peanuts, kosher salt, fondant, chocolate
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate Covered Salted Caramel Peanut Bacon Chew | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 slices maple bacon; 1/4 cup peanuts; 1/8 teaspoon kosher salt; 4 ounces fondant; 1 pound chocolate, melted; 12 ounces Dulce de Leche Caramel, recipe follows; 1 can sweetened condensed milk | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. While the Dulce De Leche Caramel is boiling, lay out the bacon on a half sheet pan and bake for approximately 15 minutes. While the bacon is cooking, on another half sheet pan, bake the peanuts for 15 minutes. Allow the bacon to cool and chop into small pieces and set aside. Allow the peanuts to cool and then roughly chop them. Mix the dulce de leche caramel, bacon, peanuts and salt together in a bowl. Using a small melon scooper, scoop balls of the caramel mixture and place on a sheet of wax paper or parchment paper. Roll out a 1/8-inch-thick sheet of fondan <END>
INPUT: Mexican, enchiladas, vegetable oil, chicken breast, Salt pepper, cumin powder, garlic powder
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken Enchiladas | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons vegetable oil; 1 1/2 pounds skinless boneless chicken breast; Salt and pepper; 2 teaspoons cumin powder; 2 teaspoons garlic powder; 1 teaspoon Mexican Spice Blend; 1 red onion, chopped; 2 cloves garlic, minced; 1 cup frozen corn, thawed; 5 canned whole green chiles, seeded and coarsely chopped; 4 canned chipotle chiles, seeded and minced; 1 (28-ounce) can stewed tomatoes; 1/2 teaspoon all-purpose flour; 16 corn tortillas; 1 1/2 cups enchilada sauce, canned | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Coat large saute pan with oil. Season chicken with salt and pepper. Brown chicken over medium heat, allow 7 minutes each side or until no longer pink. Sprinkle chicken with cumin, garlic powder and Mexican spices before turning. Remove chicken to a platter, allow to cool. Saute onion and garlic in chicken drippings until tender. Add corn and chiles. Stir well to combine. Add canned tomatoes, saute 1 minute. Pull chicken breasts apart by hand into shredded strips. Add shredded chicken to saute pan, combine with vegetables. Dust the mixture with flour to help set.  <END>
INPUT: Mexican, cocktail, kosher salt, coriander seeds, peppercorns, lemons, shrimp
OUTPUT: TITLE: Shrimp Cocktail with Tomatillo-Horseradish Sauce | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons kosher salt; 1 tablespoon coriander seeds; 2 teaspoons whole black peppercorns; 2 lemons, quartered; 1 1/2 pounds large shrimp, peeled and deveined; Tomatillo-Horseradish Sauce, recipe follows; 12 tomatillos, husked, washed, and cut in 1/2; 1 large red onion, coarsely chopped; 4 cloves garlic, chopped; 2 jalapeno peppers, chopped; 2 tablespoons canola oil; Salt and freshly ground pepper; 3 tablespoons white wine vinegar; 2 to 3 tablespoons honey; 1/4 cup prepared horseradish, drained | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Fill a medium saucepan with 2 quarts cold water. Add the salt, coriander, peppercorns and lemon wedges, squeezing the juice into the pot first, and bring to a boil. Let boil for 5 minutes. Reduce the heat to a simmer, add the shrimp, and simmer for about 4 minutes, or until just cooked through. Drain the shrimp in a colander, transfer to a bowl, cover and let chill in the refrigerator for at least 1 hour. When shrimp is chilled, serve with dipping sauce. Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. Place tomatillos, onion, garlic, and jalapeno on a half-sheet pan, toss with th <END>
INPUT: hearts romaine lettuce, olive oil, Salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Hearts of Romaine | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 hearts romaine lettuce; 2 tablespoons olive oil; Salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the grill or a grill pan. Cut each heart of romaine in half lengthwise, leaving the end intact so each half holds together. Cut the tops of the lettuce, if necessary. Brush with olive oil and grill over medium heat until the lettuce chars and wilts slightly, about 6 minutes, turning a few times. Season with salt and pepper, to taste, and serve. <END>
INPUT: quail, Salt, orange peel, vegetable stock, wild rice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Stuffed Boneless Quail with Wild Rice, Sage and Apples | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 quail, boneless*; Salt; 2 teaspoons orange peel, grated; 2 1/2 cups vegetable stock; 1/2 cup wild rice; 1 bay leaf; 1 cup onion, diced small; 3/4 cup celery, diced small; 1/2 cup sage, minced; 1 cup green apples, peeled, cored and diced small; 1 egg white; 1/3 cup walnuts, toasted; 1/2 teaspoon fresh ground black pepper; 1/4 cup parsley, minced; 1/2 cup chicken stock | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 375 degrees. Wash the quail and rub the inside of the cavities with salt and 1 teaspoon of orange zest. In a small pot bring the vegetable stock and the wild rice to a boil. Add the bay leaf and reduce the heat to a simmer for 35 to 40 minutes or until all the liquid is absorbed. Heat a nonstick pan and spray with vegetable oil. Saute the onions until translucent, add celery, sage and apples saute for 2 minutes and transfer to mixing bowl. Add the egg white, remaining orange peel, walnuts, black pepper, cooked wild rice and parsley to the mixing bowl. Stuff the cavities of the  <END>
INPUT: cranberry, heavy cream, sugar, egg yolks, salt, cranberries
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cranberry Ice Cream | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups heavy cream; 1 1/2 cups plus 3 tablespoons sugar; 6 large egg yolks; 1/8 teaspoon salt; 4 cups fresh or frozen cranberries (from two 12-ounce bags; do not thaw); 1 (3-inch) cinnamon stick; Special equipment: an instant-read thermometer; an ice cream maker | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring cream and 1/2 cup sugar just to a boil in a 2- to 4-quart heavy saucepan, stirring until sugar is dissolved. Remove from heat and keep hot, covered. Beat together yolks, salt, and 3 tablespoons sugar in a large bowl with an electric mixer at high speed until tripled in volume and thick enough to form a ribbon that takes 2 seconds to dissolve into mixture when beater is lifted, 3 to 4 minutes in a stand mixer or 4 to 8 with a handheld. Reduce mixer speed to low and add hot cream mixture to yolks in a slow stream, then transfer custard back to saucepan. Cook over moderately low heat, stirr <END>
INPUT: American, involtini, plain bread crumbs, Parmesan, mozzarella cheese, olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Steak Involtini | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup plain bread crumbs; 1/4 cup grated Parmesan; 3/4 cup grated Parmesan; 3/4 cup shredded mozzarella cheese; 1/4 cup olive oil, plus 1/4 cup; 1/2 cup chopped fresh basil leaves; 2 cloves garlic, minced; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 (8-ounce) London broil steaks, trimmed and pounded 1/8-inch thick; 1 (26-ounce) jar marinara sauce; Special equipment: 4 (4-inch) skewers | INSTRUCTIONS: For the breading: In a small bowl, combine the bread crumbs and 1/4 cup Parmesan cheese. Set aside. For the filling: In a large bowl, mix together 1/4 cup of Parmesan, mozzarella cheese, 1/4 cup olive oil, basil, and garlic. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Cut the steaks in half crosswise and place on a work surface. Spread the mixture evenly over the steaks. Roll up the steaks and secure with skewers. In a medium skillet, heat the remaining 1/4 cup of oil over medium heat. Roll the steaks in the bread crumb mixture until coated and add to the skillet. Cook the steaks until brown on all <END>
INPUT: satay, soy sauce, balsamic vinegar, lemon juice, granulated sugar, jalapeno
OUTPUT: TITLE: Soy Herb Glazed Chicken Satay | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup soy sauce; 3 tablespoons white balsamic vinegar; 2 tablespoons lemon juice; 1 teaspoon granulated sugar; 1 jalapeno; 1 cup assorted fresh herbs (recommended: cilantro, basil, mint and parsley leaves); 1 tablespoon minced garlic; 1 1/2 pounds boneless, skinless chicken breasts, cut lengthwise into 12 slices | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine all of the liquids with the sugar and jalapeno in a food processor or blender and pulse to combine. Add the fresh herbs: cilantro, basil, mint and parsley, then pulse to combine. Cook's Note: To pulse, the blender should be turned on to reach high speed, then turned off and on 10 to 12 times. Finally, add the garlic and pulse, as above, 3 more times. Remove the sauce from the mixer to a serving bowl. Cover and let rest in the refrigerator for 24 hours before using, if possible. Heat a grill to medium heat. To make the satays, lay the chicken flat and skewer, in a weaving pattern, then  <END>
INPUT: velvet, all purpose flour, cake flour, natural cocoa, baking soda
OUTPUT: TITLE: Red Velvet Cake | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Nonstick spray; 5 1/2 ounces all-purpose flour; 4 ounces cake flour; 1/2 ounce natural cocoa; 1 teaspoon baking soda; 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt; 1 cup low-fat buttermilk, room temperature; 1 fluid ounce red liquid food coloring; 1 tablespoon white vinegar; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; 10 1/2 ounces dark brown sugar; 4 ounces unsalted butter, room temperature; 2 whole eggs, room temperature; Cream Cheese Frosting, recipe follows; 13 1/2 ounces powdered sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Set a rack in the middle of the oven and preheat to 325 degrees F. Spray 2 (9-inch) round pans with nonstick spray, line the bottom of the pan with a parchment paper round, spray the parchment with nonstick spray, and set aside. Whisk the flours, cocoa, baking soda, and salt together in a bowl and set aside. Whisk the buttermilk, food coloring, vinegar, and vanilla together in a small bowl and set aside. Combine the brown sugar and butter in the bowl of a stand mixer with the paddle attachment and cream on medium speed until lightened in color, 2 minutes. Stop th <END>
INPUT: hasselback, skin potatoes, garlic, olive oil, kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Red Hasselback Potatoes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Cooking spray; 2 1/2 pounds medium red-skin potatoes (about 8), scrubbed; 6 garlic cloves, chopped; 1/4 cup olive oil; 2 teaspoons kosher salt; Freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. Preheat the oven to 375°F. Spray a baking sheet with cooking spray. 2. Place each potato in a large wooden spoon. Thinly slice the potato vertically, about every 1/8 inch, being careful not to slice all the way through to the bottom. The shape of the spoon should help prevent it. 3. Place the potatoes on the prepared baking sheet. Sprinkle the garlic evenly over all the potatoes, and use your fingers to push it into the slits. Drizzle with the olive oil and sprinkle with the salt and pepper. Bake until tender and browned, 60 to 70 minutes. 1. Preheat the oven to 375°F. Spray a baking sheet  <END>
INPUT: American, neapolitan, cake, rectangular vanilla ice, strawberry ice cream, mint chip pistachio, chocolate wafer cookies, Chocolate shell topping
OUTPUT: TITLE: Neapolitan Ice Cream Sandwich Cake | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 10 3.5-ounce rectangular vanilla ice cream sandwiches; 1 pint strawberry ice cream, slightly softened; 1 pint mint chip or pistachio ice cream, slightly softened; 1/2 cup finely crushed chocolate wafer cookies (about 12 cookies); Chocolate shell topping, for spreading | INSTRUCTIONS: Line a 9-by-5-inch loaf pan with heavy-duty foil, leaving an overhang on all sides. Arrange 5 ice cream sandwiches snugly in the bottom of the pan. Spread the strawberry ice cream on top in an even layer. Press the remaining 5 ice cream sandwiches on top, then spread the mint chip ice cream evenly over the sandwiches. Top with an even layer of crushed cookies, pressing gently. Cover the cake with plastic wrap and freeze until set, about 4 hours. Uncover, then lift the foil to remove the cake from the pan. Invert onto a platter, remove the foil and spread with the chocolate shell topping. Serve <END>
INPUT: salad, olive oil, Six salmon fillets, salt, pepper, lemons
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pan Seared Salmon and Haricot Verts Potato Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 ounces olive oil; Six 5-to-6-ounce salmon fillets; 1 tablespoon salt; 1 teaspoon ground pepper; 2 whole lemons; 2 ounces grape seed oil; 1 cup peeled and small-cubed Yukon gold potatoes; 1/2 cup thin-sliced red onion; 2 cups fresh haricot verts; 1 tablespoon minced garlic; 1 ounce apple juice; 1 ounce lemon juice; 1 ounce stone ground mustard; 2 tablespoons butter | INSTRUCTIONS: For the salmon: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. In a saute pan over medium-high heat, add the olive oil and allow to warm. Sprinkle the salmon with the salt and pepper, and then add to the pan. Sear the salmon on first side until browned, 3 to 4 minutes. Then flip the fillets and repeat the process, reducing the heat to medium for the second side. Fish will be medium at this stage. Finish in the oven for additional desired cooking. Once cooked, squeeze the lemons over the fish and into pan and allow the salmon to rest while cooking the vegetables. For the salad: Add the grape seed oil to a  <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, water, paprika, cumin, turnip, zucchini
OUTPUT: TITLE: Simple Vegetable Couscous | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 4 1/2 cups water; 2 tablespoons paprika; 1 1/2 teaspoons ground cumin; 1 large turnip, peeled, cut into 3/4-inch pieces; 3 medium zucchini, cut into 3/4-inch-thick rounds; 3 celery stalks, cut into 3/4-inch lengths; 2 medium potatoes, peeled, cut into 3/4-inch pieces; 3 medium tomatoes, halved, seeded, cut into 3/4-inch pieces; 4 1/2 cups canned vegetable broth; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 4 cups couscous (about 24 ounces) | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring water to boil in heavy large Dutch oven over high heat. Mix in paprika and cumin; season lightly with salt and pepper. Add turnip and carrot. Cover and cook 2 minutes. add zucchini, celery and potatoes. Cover and cook until vegetables are tender, about 10 minutes. Add tomatoes. Cook uncovered until tomatoes soften, about 2 minutes. Drain vegetable, reserving cooking liquid. Transfer vegetables to medium bowl and cover with foil to keep warm. Return cooking liquid to same pot and boil until reduced to 1 1/2 cups, about 10 minutes. Season with salt and pepper. Meanwhile, bring 4 1/2 cups v <END>
INPUT: chillers, Lemon, jasmine flowers, jasmine tea bags, Irish whiskey, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Whiskey and Jasmine Green Tea Chillers | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Lemon slices, for garnish; Dried jasmine flowers, for garnish, optional; 8 jasmine green tea bags; 8 to 12 ounces Irish whiskey; 1/2 cup sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring 4 cups water to a boil in a medium saucepan. Add the sugar, and stir until it has dissolved. Let cool for 2 minutes. Add the tea bags, stir and let steep for 3 minutes. Remove the tea bags, and squeeze the liquid back into the pot. Transfer the tea to a container, and refrigerate until cool, about 10 minutes. Fill 4 highball glasses, Collins glasses or 12-ounce mason jars with ice. Add 2 to 3 ounces of the whiskey and 8 ounces of the tea to each. Garnish with lemon slices and dried jasmine flowers if using. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, roulades, bread, onion, bell pepper, garlic, bottled jalapeño, cumin
OUTPUT: TITLE: Turkey Roulades with Corn Bread, Jalapeño, & Monterey Jack Filling | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1/3 cup minced onion; 1/4 cup minced red bell pepper; 1/2 teaspoon minced garlic; 1 tablespoon minced bottled jalapeño; a pinch of ground cumin; 4 teaspoons vegetable oil; 1 large corn muffin, crumbled (about 1 cup); 1/4 cup grated Monterey Jack; 4 turkey cutlets (about 3/4 pound total), pounded 1/16 inch thick between sheets of dampened plastic wrap; 3/4 chicken broth; 3/4 teaspoon white-wine vinegar | INSTRUCTIONS: In a skillet cook the onion, the bell pepper, the garlic, the jalapeño,and the cumin in the oil over moderately low heat, stirring occasionally, until the vegetables are softened, stir in the corn muffin crumbs and the Monterey Jack, and cook the filling, stirring, until it is combined well and the cheese is melted. Season the filling with salt and pepper and let it cool for 5 minutes. Spread about 3 tablespoons of the filling on each cutlet and roll up each cutlet jelly-roll fashion, tucking in the sides and fastening them with wooden picks. Transfer the roulades, seam sides down, with a spat <END>
INPUT: scarpariello, chicken, dijon mustard, lemon juice, wine, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken Scarpariello | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 whole 3 pound chicken, backbone removed and split down the breastbone; 1 tablespoon dijon mustard; 1 tablespoon lemon juice; 1 tablespoon white wine; 1 clove garlic, sliced; 1/4 teaspoon chili pepper flakes; 1 tablespoon fresh rosemary, chopped; 1/2 cup olive oil; 1 carrot, chopped; 1 stalk celery, chopped; 1 medium onion, chopped; 2 rosemary sprigs; Salt and pepper to taste; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1 tablespoon sliced garlic | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 400 degrees. Place chicken in roasting pan and set aside. Mix mustard, lemon juice, wine, garlic, pepper, rosemary and oil in a bowl and pour over chicken halves. Marinate for at least 4 hours or overnight. After fully marinated, add carrot, celery, onion and rosemary to roasting pan evenly around and under chicken. Season with salt and pepper. Roast in oven for 45 minutes or until juices run clear when pierced with a fork. Remove from oven and let settle. Cut into 8 pieces.; Heat a medium size saute pan, add olive oil and saute for 1 minute. Add broccoli, mushroom and potatoes <END>
INPUT: Asian, miso tamari, grapeseed oil, dark miso, good tamari
OUTPUT: TITLE: Miso Salmon | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 4 (4-ounce) salmon fillets; 2 tablespoons miso-tamari, recipe follows; 2 teaspoons grapeseed oil; 1/2 cup dark miso; 1 cup good tamari | INSTRUCTIONS: Brush each side of the salmon fillets with miso-tamari mix. Wrap in plastic and refrigerate for 30 minutes. Heat a non stick pan over medium low heat until quite hot. Unwrap the salmon and wipe off any excess miso. Pat the salmon with a small amount of grapeseed oil and press into the hot pan. Cook on the first side for 2 minutes. Turn the fillets over and remove the pan from the heat. Allow the salmon to remain in the pan for 2 to 3 minutes. In the meantime, make the salad.; Combine all the ingredients a large cup, and using a hand blender, blend until smooth. Yield: 1 1/2 cups.; <END>
INPUT: pulled, Jalapeno peppers pickled, Cajun spices, BBQ baste marinade
OUTPUT: TITLE: Smoked Pulled Pork | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 (2 to 3-pound) Boston pork butt; Jalapeno peppers pickled in vinegar; Cajun spices; BBQ baste and marinade | INSTRUCTIONS: The night before, make incisions in pork butt and stuff with jalapeno peppers. Then, rub with your favorite blend of Cajun spices. Start fire in smoker about 13 hours before you want to serve the pork. When the temperature reaches 200 degrees F, put pork butt in, uncovered. About 7 hours later, take meat out and baste with your favorite BBQ marinade, wrap pork in foil and return to smoker. Turn heat up to about 300 degrees F and let cook about another 5 hours. When the bone slides out, the pork is done. Remove from smoker and pull pork apart. Serve on a bun and if, desired, your favorite barbe <END>
INPUT: Italian, spaghetti, olive oil, garlic, hot pepper flakes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spaghetti with Broccoli Rabe and Garlic | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound spaghetti; 1 (1-lb) bunch broccoli rabe, hollow stems discarded and leaves and remaining stems cut into 2-inch pieces; 1/2 cup olive oil; 5 garlic cloves, finely chopped; 1/2 to 3/4 teaspoon dried hot red-pepper flakes (to taste); 3/4 teaspoon salt; Accompaniment: grated parmesan | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook pasta according to package instructions. When pasta is 5 minutes from finished, add broccoli rabe to pot and continue to cook until pasta is al dente. Drain in a colander and transfer to a large serving bowl. Meanwhile, cook remaining ingredients in a small heavy skillet over moderate heat, stirring frequently, until garlic is pale golden, 3 to 4 minutes. Pour over pasta and toss to combine. Cook pasta according to package instructions. When pasta is 5 minutes from finished, add broccoli rabe to pot and continue to cook until pasta is al dente. Drain in a colander and transfer to a large  <END>
INPUT: Asian, vietnamese, dumpling, chickens, salt, onions, peppercorns
OUTPUT: TITLE: Vietnamese Style Chicken Dumpling Soup | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 2 whole chickens; 1 teaspoon salt; 3 onions, quartered; 1 teaspoon black peppercorns; 1 (4-inch) piece ginger root, peeled and smashed; 1/4 cup fish sauce; Sugar; White pepper; 1/4 cup wood ear mushrooms; 1/4 cup chopped cabbage; 1/2 pound shrimp, ground; 3/4 pound chicken, ground; 2 scallions, minced; 1 tablespoon minced ginger; 1 shallot, minced | INSTRUCTIONS: Place 2 whole chickens and 1 teaspoon salt in a large stock pot with enough cold water to cover. Bring to a boil and skim any impurities. Reduce to medium heat. Add onions, peppercorns, and ginger to stockpot. Skim as needed to clear impurities. Simmer for 3 hours. Strain broth. Adjust seasonings with fish sauce, salt, sugar and white pepper as needed. To make dumplings: Soak dried wood ear mushroom in hot water for 15 minutes and then mince. Chop cabbage and sprinkle with salt to drain excess liquid. Lightly saute scallions, ginger, and shallot in vegetable oil until translucent and let cool. <END>
INPUT: garlic, pepper, salt, beef base, Irish stout beer
OUTPUT: TITLE: Beer Braised Beef | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup chopped garlic; 1/4 cup ground black pepper; 1/4 cup salt; 1 1/2 tablespoons beef base; 2 cans Irish stout beer; 1 yellow onion, julienned; One 8- to 10-pound beef brisket; Red pepper cream cheese, for serving; 10 to 12 buns | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 500 degrees F. Place the garlic, pepper, salt, beef base, beer, onions and brisket into a hotel pan. Fill with water until the beef is almost covered. Cover with foil and cook 6 to 8 hours. Strain the liquid from the beef and reserve both the liquid and beef separately. Cool the liquid in the refrigerator. When the beef is cool enough to handle, separate the fat from the beef and discard the fat, then pull the beef apart. When the liquid cools, skim the hardened fat from the top and discard the fat. Use an immersion blender to blend the remaining liquid, and then add the li <END>
INPUT: Salt, mixed peppercorns, all purpose flour, garlic powder
OUTPUT: TITLE: Peppercorn Brisket | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 (4-pound) beef brisket, trimmed of fat; Salt; 3 tablespoons mixed whole peppercorns, crushed with a meat mallet or bottom of heavy skillet; 3 tablespoons all-purpose flour; 1 tablespoon garlic powder; 1 tablespoon olive oil; 1 cup baby carrots; 4 medium red potatoes, quartered; 4 shallots, cut into wedges; 8 cloves garlic, peeled; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh rosemary leaves; 2 cups red wine; 2 cups reduced-sodium beef broth | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Season brisket all over with salt and crushed peppercorns. In a shallow dish, with a spoon, combine flour and garlic powder. Roll brisket in flour mixture to coat. Heat oil in a large Dutch oven or stock pot over medium-high heat. Add brisket and cook for 5 minutes on each side, or until golden brown on all sides. Arrange carrots, potatoes, shallots, garlic, and rosemary around brisket. Pour wine over vegetables and cook for 1 minute. Add broth and bring to a simmer. Reduce heat to medium-low, cover and cook for 3 hours, until beef is tender. Remove brisket from  <END>
INPUT: chips, virgin olive oil, garlic, spinach, hot pepper flakes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sauteed Spinach and Garlic Chips | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/3 cup extra virgin olive oil; 4 cloves garlic, sliced; 4 bunches spinach, washed and dried; Pinch hot pepper flakes | INSTRUCTIONS: To a wok or saucepan over a low flame, add oil. Oil should be cold. Add garlic. Fry garlic for about 4 to 5 minutes. Remove when garlic chips are brown and place towels to drain. Add spinach, and pepper flakes. Saute for 3 to 4 minutes. Garnish with garlic chips.; <END>
INPUT: Italian, lasagna, cremini mushrooms, shallot, Swiss chard, butter, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sweet Potato and Mushroom Lasagna | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 pint cremini mushrooms; 1 shallot, roughly chopped; 1/2 bunch Swiss chard, roughly chopped; 1 tablespoon butter; 1/8 teaspoon crushed red pepper, plus more if needed; Salt; 16 ounces whole milk ricotta; 1 teaspoon fresh thyme leaves, chopped; 1/4 cup plus 1 tablespoon grated Parmesan; 1 large egg, whisked; 2 medium sweet potatoes, peeled; Nonstick cooking spray, for spraying the baking dish; Chopped fresh basil, for sprinkling | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: a mandoline In a food processor, add the mushrooms, shallots and chard and pulse until chopped and uniform, about 5 times. Heat a large pan to medium high. Add the butter and cook until foaming. Add the mushroom mixture and toss. Let the ingredients brown, undisturbed, about 5 minutes. Stir, add the crushed red pepper and some salt and continue cooking for 10 more minutes. Set aside to cool. Mix together the cooled mushroom mixture with the ricotta, thyme and 1/4 cup of the Parmesan. Season with more salt and crushed red pepper if needed. Add in the egg and stir until combin <END>
INPUT: Asian, vietnamese, shallots, reduced sodium soy, fish sauce, sugar, Sriracha
OUTPUT: TITLE: Vietnamese Pork Chops with Pickled Watermelon | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 2 small shallots, thinly sliced into rings; 1/4 cup reduced-sodium soy sauce; 2 tablespoons fish sauce (such as nam pla or nuoc nam); 2 tablespoons sugar; 1/2 teaspoon Sriracha; 4 1"-thick bone-in pork chops (about 2 1/2 pounds total); 6 tablespoons vegetable oil, divided; 4 small shallots, thinly sliced; Kosher salt; 1 tablespoon unseasoned rice vinegar; 1 teaspoon reduced-sodium soy sauce; 1/4 teaspoon sugar; Freshly ground black pepper; 4 cups trimmed purslane or arugula; 1/2 pound seedless watermelon, rind removed, cut into pieces, thinly sliced | INSTRUCTIONS: Pork Chops: Whisk shallots, soy sauce, fish sauce, sugar, and Sriracha in a shallow baking dish. Add pork chops and turn to coat. Cover and chill, turning occasionally, at least 1 hour. Prepare grill for medium-high heat. Remove pork chops from marinade, scraping off excess, and grill until cooked through, about 3 minutes per side. Do ahead: Pork chops can be marinated 12 hours ahead. Keep chilled. Whisk shallots, soy sauce, fish sauce, sugar, and Sriracha in a shallow baking dish. Add pork chops and turn to coat. Cover and chill, turning occasionally, at least 1 hour. Prepare grill for medium <END>
INPUT: soup, unsalted butter, olive oil, onions, low salt chicken, bottled apple cider
OUTPUT: TITLE: Onion Soup with Apple Cider | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 tablespoons unsalted butter; 3 tablespoons olive oil; 6 large onions (about 3 1/2 pounds), halved, thinly sliced; 3 cups low-salt chicken broth; 2 1/2 cups bottled apple cider; 12 large thyme sprigs; Chopped fresh thyme | INSTRUCTIONS: Melt butter with oil in large pot over medium-high heat. Add onions; sauté until soft and dark brown, about 20 minutes. Add chicken broth, cider, and thyme sprigs. Bring to boil. Reduce heat; season with salt and pepper. Simmer soup, uncovered, 25 minutes. Discard thyme sprigs. (Soup can be made 1 day ahead. Cool slightly. Chill uncovered until cold, then cover and keep refrigerated. Rewarm over low heat before continuing.) Divide among 6 soup bowls, garnish with chopped thyme, and serve. Melt butter with oil in large pot over medium-high heat. Add onions; sauté until soft and dark brown, abou <END>
INPUT: Italian, frittata, garlic, Olive oil, zucchini, basil, eggs
OUTPUT: TITLE: Zucchini Frittata | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 2 small cloves garlic; Olive oil, for sauteing; 1 medium zucchini; 1/2 bunch basil; 8 eggs; 2 tablespoons milk; Salt and pepper; 1/4 cup grated Parmesan | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the broiler. Start by crushing some garlic and heating it in some olive oil in a medium nonstick saute pan on the stove. While that is heating up, very thinly slice the zucchini on a mandoline. When the oil and garlic are heated, tear some basil into the pan and add all the sliced zucchini. Cook until the zucchini is tender, but not cooked through, about 2 minutes. Season with salt and pepper. Blend eggs in a blender with a little bit of milk and some salt and pepper. Blend on the highest speed. Pour the egg mixture into saute pan and let it sit for 1 minute. When there isn't much loos <END>
INPUT: Asian, martini, vodka, Zentini Syrup, mint, lime, water
OUTPUT: TITLE: Zentini (Ginger Martini) | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 2 ounces vodka (recommended: Grey Goose); 2 ounces Zentini Syrup, recipe follows; Small sprig fresh mint; 1/2 lime, juiced; 4 cups water; Small piece fresh ginger, sliced into coins; 2 cups sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: To a martini shaker add, the vodka, ginger syrup, mint, and lime juice. Shake and serve in a chilled martini glass. In a small saucepan add the water, ginger and sugar. Stir to combine and bring to a boil. Continue to heat on a simmer to make a simple syrup, about 20 minutes. When ready, strain and transfer to a glass container and allow to cool to room temperature. <END>
INPUT: tuscan, toasts, long pain rustique, garlic, virgin olive oil, Parmesan cheese, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tuscan Garlic-Pepper Toasts | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 8 1/3-inch-thick 7-inch-long slices pain rustique or other wide flat country loaf; 1 large garlic clove, peeled; 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 1/2 cup grated Parmesan cheese; 3/4 teaspoon coarsely ground black pepper; Dried crushed red pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 425°F. Arrange bread slices on baking sheet. Place garlic in mini processor. With motor running, gradually pour in oil, then cheese and black pepper. Season mixture to taste with salt. Spread mixture on bread slices; sprinkle with crushed red pepper. Bake bread slices until beginning to crisp at edges, about 10 minutes. Arrange toasts on platter. Preheat oven to 425°F. Arrange bread slices on baking sheet. Place garlic in mini processor. With motor running, gradually pour in oil, then cheese and black pepper. Season mixture to taste with salt. Spread mixture on bread slices; sp <END>
INPUT: deviled, apple cider vinegar, granulated sugar, kosher salt, beet, hard boiled eggs
OUTPUT: TITLE: Beet-Pickled Deviled Eggs | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup apple cider vinegar, plus 3 tablespoons, divided; 1 tablespoon granulated sugar, plus a pinch, divided; 2 1/4 teaspoons kosher salt, plus a pinch, divided; 1 small red beet, peeled and halved; 12 hard-boiled eggs, peeled; 1/2 cup mayonnaise; 1/4 cup finely chopped fresh herbs, such as basil, tarragon, chives, plus more for garnish; 1 teaspoon anchovy paste; 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 2 hot chiles, thinly sliced | INSTRUCTIONS: In a medium pot, mix 1 cup apple cider vinegar, 1 tablespoon sugar, 2 teaspoons salt, and 3 cups water. Add the beet and bring to a boil, then remove from heat and let cool slightly. Pour into a large heat-safe jar or bowl (including beet). Add eggs, stir, and refrigerate at least 3 hours (stirring occasionally) or overnight for a darker shade of pink. Remove eggs from liquid. Halve eggs (reserving the whites) and gently transfer the yolks to a bowl. Add 1 tablespoon vinegar, mayonnaise, herbs, and anchovy paste to the yolks. Season with 1/4 teaspoon each salt and pepper, then spoon or pipe th <END>
INPUT: torte, hazelnuts, fine quality bittersweet, potato starch, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate Hazelnut Torte | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 stick (1/2 cup) unsalted butter plus additional for greasing pan; 1 cup hazelnuts (5 oz); 6 oz fine-quality bittersweet chocolate (not unsweetened; not more than 60% cacao); 2 tablespoons potato starch; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 1/2 cup sugar; 4 large eggs, separated, at room temperature for 30 minutes; 1 teaspoon vanilla; Special equipment: a 9- to 91/2-inch springform pan; parchment paper; Garnish: Passover confectioners sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: Put oven rack in middle position and preheat oven to 350°F. Generously butter bottom and side of springform pan, then line bottom with a round of parchment paper and butter parchment paper. Toast hazelnuts in a shallow baking pan in oven, shaking pan once or twice, until golden, about 12 minutes. Place nuts in a kitchen towel and rub off any loose skins while nuts are still warm, then cool nuts completely. Reduce oven temperature to 325°F. While nuts cool, melt butter and chocolate together in a heatproof bowl set over a pot of simmering water. Pulse hazelnuts in a food processor with potato s <END>
INPUT: bliss other waxy, unsalted butter, kosher salt, garlic, flat leaf parsley
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted New Potatoes with Garlic | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 pounds medium red bliss or other waxy-style potatoes, skin-on and scrubbed; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted; 1 teaspoon kosher salt, plus more; 1 tablespoon finely minced garlic; 1 tablespoon finely chopped flat-leaf parsley; Freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F. Half the potatoes lengthwise and cut them into 1-inch-wide wedges. In a medium bowl, toss the potatoes with the butter and 1 teaspoon of salt. Spread the potatoes out on a roasting pan large enough to hold them in a single layer. (Arrange the potatoes cut-side down, to ensure crisply browned edges.) Roast the potatoes until golden brown, about 45 minute. Add the garlic and stir to coat the potatoes evenly. Continue to roast until the potatoes and garlic are evenly browned, about 15 minutes more. (Take care that the garlic doesn't burn.) Remove from the oven and m <END>
INPUT: slab bacon, onion, beans, pepper flakes, Salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Green Beans with Bacon | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/8 pound slab bacon, diced; 1/2 onion, minced; 1 pound green beans, trimmed; 1/2 teaspoon red pepper flakes; Salt; 1/2 cup boiling water; 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, softened; 1 1/2 tablespoons white vinegar; Freshly ground pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large deep skillet, cook the bacon over moderate heat, stirring, until golden. Transfer the bacon with a slotted spoon to a plate. Add the onion to the skillet and cook, stirring, until softened. Add the beans, pepper flakes, and salt and saute over moderately high heat, stirring, for 2 minutes. Add the boiling water and cover the skillet immediately. Steam the beans, shaking the skillet occasionally, for 15 minutes, or until just tender. Add the butter, vinegar, and salt and pepper and toss until combined. Sprinkle with the bacon. <END>
INPUT: toasts, Sauternes other dessert, sugar, unflavored gelatin, water
OUTPUT: TITLE: Foie Gras Toasts with Sauternes Geleé | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup Sauternes or other white dessert wine; 1/2 cup sugar; 1 1/2 teaspoons unflavored gelatin (from a 1/4-ounce envelope); 2 tablespoons water; 1 (1-inch-thick) slice of foie gras terrine (6 ounces; not páté or mousse) or a 6 1/2-ounces block; 6 (1/2-inch-thick) slices firm white bread (pullman loaf or firm sandwich bread); 1 1/2 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted; Equipment: a small offset spatula | INSTRUCTIONS: Lightly oil a shallow 8-inch square baking dish or pan and line bottom and sides with a sheet of plastic wrap. Bring Sauternes and sugar to a boil in a small heavy saucepan, stirring until sugar has dissolved. Meanwhile, sprinkle gelatin over water in a small bowl and let soften 1 minute. Pour hot wine over gelatin mixture, then stir until gelatin has dissolved. Cool to room temperature. Pour wine-gelatin mixture into lined dish and chill, covered, until set, at least 4 hours. Lift gelée out of dish using plastic wrap and transfer to a cutting board. Cut gelée into 3/4-inch squares (without cu <END>
INPUT: American, vegetable oil, self rising flour, salt, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sweet Potato Pie | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 quart vegetable oil, for frying; 2 cups self-rising flour or all-purpose flour; 1/2 tablespoon salt; 4 tablespoons sugar; 1/4 pound (1 stick) margarine, melted; 1/8 to 1/4 cup cold water; 3 pounds sweet potatoes; 1/4 pound (1 stick) margarine; Cinnamon; Nutmeg; 3 teaspoons vanilla extract; 1 1/2 cups sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: In a one-gallon saucepot heat one quart of vegetable oil to 350 degrees F. To make the dough, mix the flour, salt, and sugar together and cut in the margarine by hand to create a coarse cornmeal texture. Then add the water until it is tacky. Roll the dough into a ball. Cut dough into ten equal pieces. Roll each piece of dough out on a floured surface to a diameter of 6-inches and about 1/8-inch thick. Set aside until you are ready to fill the dough. To make the filling, first peel the sweet potatoes. Then large dice the potatoes and put in a medium size saucepot. Add water to cover potatoes an <END>
INPUT: Indian, vegetables, couscous, chicken breast, cumin, ginger, salt, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Poached Chicken with Vegetables, Coriander and Saffron Couscous | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 pound boneless skinless chicken breast, halved; 1/4 teaspoon ground cumin; 1/4 teaspoon ground ginger; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 1 garlic clove, minced; 1 tablespoon olive oil; 1 onion, chopped; 2 garlic cloves, minced; 3 tablespoons olive oil; 1/2 teaspoon ground ginger; 1/4 teaspoon crumbled saffron threads; 2 cups chicken broth; 3 tablespoons chopped fresh coriander; 3 tablespoons chopped fresh flat-leafed parsley leaves; 1 carrot, cut crosswise into 1/4-inch slices | INSTRUCTIONS: Prepare the chicken: In a shallow dish sprinkle the chicken with the cumin, the ginger, the salt, and the garlic, drizzle it with the oil, and rub it all over to coat it well. Chill the chicken, covered, for at least 1 hour or overnight. In a heavy saucepan cook the onion and the garlic in the oil over moderately low heat, stirring, until they are softened, stir in the ginger and the saffron, and cook the mixture for 30 seconds. Add the broth and 2 tablespoons each of the coriander and the parsley, bring the mixture to a boil, and simmer it for 10 minutes. Add the chicken and the carrot and po <END>
INPUT: American, cupcakes, filling, sugar, cornstarch, lemon zest
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cupcakes with Pineapple Filling and Strawberry and Goat Cheese Whipped Cream | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2/3 cup sugar; 2 cups drained, crushed pineapple; 2 tablespoons cornstarch; 2 tablespoons (1/4 stick) unsalted butter; 2 teaspoons lemon zest; 1/4 teaspoon ginger; Pinch salt; 1/2 cup lemon juice; 3 1/3 cups unbleached pastry flour; 2 1/2 teaspoons baking powder; 1 teaspoon sea salt; 2 cups Sauvignon Blanc; 1 tablespoon plus 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; 1 teaspoon vanilla bean paste; 1 cup (2 sticks) unsalted butter | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook's Note: If using unbleached all-purpose flour instead of unbleached pastry flour, reduce the flour quantity to 3 cups. For the pineapple filling: Combine sugar, pineapple, cornstarch, butter, lemon zest, ginger, and salt and cook over medium heat, stirring constantly, until thick and clear. Stir in the lemon juice and cool completely. For the cupcakes: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Line standard cupcake pans with 30 cupcake liners. Sift the flour, baking powder, and sea salt into a medium bowl and whisk together. In a liquid measuring cup, mix the wine with the vanilla extract and va <END>
INPUT: Italian, minute, meat, pasta, Kosher salt, onion, celery, carrot
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pasta With 15-Minute Meat Sauce | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound pasta; Kosher salt; 1 medium onion, peeled, quartered; 1 celery stalk, quartered; 1 small carrot, peeled, quartered; 2 garlic cloves, peeled; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1/2 pound ground beef; 1/2 pound ground pork; 2 tablespoons tomato paste; 1 teaspoon dried oregano; Freshly ground black pepper; 1/4 cup red wine; 1 (15-ounce) can tomato sauce; 2 tablespoons cold unsalted butter | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook pasta in a large pot of boiling salted water, stirring occasionally, until al dente; drain and transfer to a large bowl. Meanwhile, process onion, celery, carrot, and garlic in a food processor until finely chopped. Heat oil in a large skillet over high. Add chopped vegetables, beef, and pork and cook, breaking up with a spatula, until meat is beginning to brown, about 3 minutes. Stir in tomato paste, oregano, 3/4 tsp. salt, and 1/2 teaspoon pepper; cook, stirring occasionally, until heated through, about 1 minute. Add wine and cook, stirring constantly, until reduced by half, about 1 min <END>
INPUT: slices, sweet potatoes, vegetable oil, sugar, cinnamon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cinnamon-Sugar Glazed Sweet Potato Slices | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 large sweet potatoes (about 3 pounds); 3 tablespoons vegetable oil; 1 tablespoons sugar; 1 teaspoon cinnamon | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 425°F. Peel potatoes and cut crosswise into 1/3-inch-thick slices. In a large bowl toss potatoes with oil to coat and spread in one layer in shallow baking pans. Bake potatoes until just tender, about 20 minutes. In a small bowl stir together sugar and cinnamon and sprinkle evenly over potatoes. Bake potatoes until glazed and tender, about 5 minutes. Preheat oven to 425°F. Peel potatoes and cut crosswise into 1/3-inch-thick slices. In a large bowl toss potatoes with oil to coat and spread in one layer in shallow baking pans. Bake potatoes until just tender, about 20 minutes. In <END>
INPUT: salad, eyed peas, low sodium chicken, lowfat buttermilk, mayonnaise, spicy mustard
OUTPUT: TITLE: Black-Eyed Pea and Spinach Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 pound dried black-eyed peas, or 2 cans black-eyed peas, drained and rinsed (about 3 cups); 4 cups low-sodium chicken broth or water (if using dried peas); 3/4 cup lowfat buttermilk; 3 tablespoons mayonnaise; 1 1/2 teaspoons spicy brown mustard; 1/4 cup apple cider vinegar; 1/8 teaspoon hot sauce (recommended: Tabasco); 1/2 teaspoon salt, plus more; 1/8 teaspoon fresh ground pepper; 1/4 cup red onion, diced (about 1 cup); 3/4 cup thinly sliced celery (2 stalks); 2 tablespoons chopped fresh chives; 4 cups baby spinach (about 2/3 of a 6-ounce bag), sliced into thick ribbons | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large bowl, cover peas with 4 inches of water and soak a minimum of 6 hours, or overnight. Drain and rinse thoroughly. Place peas in a 4-quart saucepan with chicken broth or water and bring to a boil. Reduce heat and simmer peas between 45 to 55 minutes, or until peas are cooked but not mushy. Drain excess liquid and let peas cool to room temperature. Combine buttermilk, mayonnaise, mustard, vinegar, hot sauce salt and pepper in a bowl, and whisk to incorporate. In a salad bowl, combine beans, red onion, celery and chives. Pour dressing over bean mixture and gently stir to incorporate, be <END>
INPUT: Italian, cavatelli pasta, marinara sauce, Parmesan, ricotta cheese, butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cavatelli Pasta | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 16 ounces cavatelli pasta; 20 ounces marinara sauce; 1-ounce Parmesan; 6 ounces ricotta cheese; 1-ounce butter; 4 ounces mozzarella cheese; 1/3-ounce fresh basil leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Cook pasta until al dente in a pot of boiling, salted water. Heat the marinara sauce in a large saucepan. Reserve about 1 1/2 cups of the sauce. Set aside about 1 tablespoon of the Parmesan. To the sauce, add the ricotta and remaining Parmesan and stir well. Cook over medium heat, stirring, for about 2 minutes. Add the cooked pasta and the butter and toss well. Top with the reserved marinara and mozzarella and sprinkle with Parmesan. Bake for 15 to 20 minutes, or until golden brown. Garnish with fresh basil. <END>
INPUT: American, Pate Brisee, McIntosh apple, brandy, lemon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mincemeat Pie | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: Pate Brisee, recipe follows; 2 (27-ounce) jars prepared mincemeat; 1 McIntosh apple, peeled, cored, seeded, and grated; 1 tablespoon brandy; 1 lemon, zest grated; 2 1/2 cups all-purpose flour; 1 teaspoon salt; 1 teaspoon granulated sugar (optional); 1 cup (2 sticks) cold unsalted butter, cut into small pieces | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat the oven to 400 degrees F. On a lightly floured surface, roll half the pate brisee into a 12-inch circle. Fit pastry into an 9-inch glass pie plate; trim dough evenly along edge. Refrigerate 15 minutes. Meanwhile, in a large bowl, combine mincemeat filling, grated apple, brandy, and lemon zest. Spoon filling into the chilled piecrust. On a lightly floured surface, roll out remaining pate brisee to a 12-inch circle. Cover filling, trim evenly along edge, and press to seal edges. Cut small slits in pastry with the tip of a paring knife, about 3/4-inch apart. Place on a parchment-lined bakin <END>
INPUT: irish, crumbs from soda, sugar, milk, piece vanilla bean
OUTPUT: TITLE: Irish Brown Bread Ice Cream | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup crumbs from brown soda bread or crustless whole wheat bread; 14 tablespoons sugar; 3 tablespoons (packed) dark brown sugar; 2/3 cup whole milk; 1 3-inch piece vanilla bean, split lengthwise; 2 large egg yolks; 1 1/3 cups chilled whipping cream; 2 1-pint baskets strawberries, hulled, sliced | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 375°F. Line baking sheet with foil; butter foil. Mix breadcrumbs, 3 tablespoons sugar and brown sugar in medium bowl. Scatter over prepared baking sheet. Bake until sugar begins to melt and crumbs are slightly darker, stirring crumbs occasionally with metal spatula to prevent sticking, about 10 minutes. Transfer breadcrumbs to bowl and cool. Break crumbs into small pieces. Place milk in medium saucepan. Scrape in seeds from vanilla bean; add bean. Bring to simmer. Remove from heat and let steep 30 minutes. Whisk egg yolks and 5 tablespoons sugar in large bowl to blend. Graduall <END>
INPUT: onions, crème fraîche sour, horseradish, Kosher salt, purple spring onion, wine vinegar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Smoked Trout with Pea Shoots and Spring Onions | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup crème fraîche or sour cream; 2 tablespoons drained prepared horseradish; Kosher salt, freshly ground pepper; 4 small purple or white spring onion bulbs, thinly sliced crosswise; 1 tablespoon white wine vinegar; 2 teaspoons vegetable oil; 6 cups pea shoots (tendrils) and/or pea sprouts or watercress leaves with tender stems; 6 ounces smoked trout fillet, skin and any bones removed, broken into large pieces; Edible flowers (for serving; optional) | INSTRUCTIONS: Mix crème fraîche and horseradish in a small bowl; season with salt and pepper. Toss onion with vinegar in a large bowl; let sit 5 minutes to soften. Add oil and pea shoots and toss to combine; season with salt and pepper. Spoon crème fraîche mixture onto plates and top with pea shoot mixture, smoked trout, and flowers, if using; season with pepper. Mix crème fraîche and horseradish in a small bowl; season with salt and pepper. Toss onion with vinegar in a large bowl; let sit 5 minutes to soften. Add oil and pea shoots and toss to combine; season with salt and pepper. Spoon crème fraîche mixtu <END>
INPUT: salad, ensalada, quinoa, onion, hearts palm, wine vinegar, olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Quinoa Salad with Fresh Hearts of Palm (Ensalada de Quinoa con Chonta) | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup quinoa; 1/2 cup finely chopped red onion; 1/2 pound fresh hearts of palm (see cooks' note, below); 1/4 cup red-wine vinegar; 1/3 cup olive oil; 1/2 cup packed flat-leaf parsley leaves; Equipment: an adjustable-blade slicer | INSTRUCTIONS: Wash quinoa in 3 changes of cold water in a bowl, draining in a fine-mesh sieve. Cook quinoa in a medium pot of well-salted boiling water, uncovered, until almost tender, about 10 minutes. Drain in sieve, then set sieve over same pot above 1 inch of simmering water (water should not touch bottom of sieve). Cover quinoa with a folded kitchen towel (not terry cloth), then cover with a lid (don't worry if lid doesn't fit tightly) and steam until tender, fluffy, and dry, about 15 minutes. Let stand off heat, without lid but still covered with towel, 5 minutes. Meanwhile, soak onion in a bowl of co <END>
INPUT: Asian, three, jasmine rice, peanut oil, garlic, piece ginger
OUTPUT: TITLE: Three Cup Chicken with Garlic Spinach | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1 3/4 cups jasmine rice; 1 tablespoon peanut oil; 5 cloves garlic, finely chopped; One 1-inch piece fresh ginger, peeled and sliced into thin coins; 1 pound boneless, skinless chicken thighs (about 6), cut into 1/2-inch pieces; 1/4 cup light soy; 1/4 cup Shaohsing rice wine or dry sherry; 1/4 cup toasted sesame oil (see Cook's Note); 1 tablespoon brown sugar; 1 small handful Thai basil leaves, or Italian basil, plus extra for garnish; 1 tablespoon peanut oil; 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped; Two 6-ounce bags baby spinach leaves; Pinch sea salt; 1 medium red Fresno chile, seeded and sliced into rings, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: For the rice: Rinse the jasmine rice until the water runs clear, to remove excess starch. Place the rinsed rice in a heavy-bottomed saucepan and add 2 1/2 cups water. Bring to a boil, cover tightly with a lid and reduce the heat to low. Cook for 15 to 20 minutes. Remove from the heat, keep covered and set aside until ready to serve. For the chicken: Meanwhile, heat a wok over high heat and add the peanut oil. When it begins to smoke, add the garlic and ginger and stir-fry quickly for a few seconds. Then add the chicken and let it settle in the pan for 30 seconds before stir-frying for 2 to 3 m <END>
INPUT: American, sandwich, cherry tomatoes, garlic, virgin olive oil, pepper, Kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Eggplant Parm Sandwich | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/4 pounds cherry tomatoes (about 4 cups); 3 garlic cloves, skin-on; 3 teaspoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1/2 teaspoon crushed red pepper; Kosher salt; Nonstick cooking spray; 1 small globe eggplant (about 1 pound); 1 egg white, lightly beaten; 2 ounces whole-grain salt-free melba toast, finely crushed (9 pieces); 1 teaspoon red wine vinegar; 8 basil leaves, roughly chopped; 2 square ciabatta rolls, split, insides removed, and lightly toasted cut-side up; 4 ounces shredded part-skim mozzarella; 2 tablespoons grated parmesan; 1 1/4 pounds cherry tomatoes (about 4 cups) | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 400 degrees. Have two racks set up in the oven. Place 3/4 of the tomatoes and 2 garlic cloves on a baking sheet. Drizzle with 1 teaspoon olive oil. Roast until the tomatoes burst and start to caramelize, about 30 minutes. Peel the roasted garlic and puree with the tomatoes, crushed red pepper, and 1/2 teaspoon salt in a food processor to make the sauce. Spray a baking sheet with cooking spray. Peel the eggplant top-to-bottom in alternating strips, so that some of the skin is left on, and slice into 1/3 inch rounds. Dip only one side of each round into the egg white and then int <END>
INPUT: parfaits, good quality vanilla, pecans, good quality caramel
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pecan-Caramel Parfaits | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 quart good-quality vanilla ice cream; 1 cup chopped pecans; 8-ounce jar good-quality caramel or butterscotch sauce | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Put pecans in a pie plate and roast in the oven until nutty smelling and toasty, about 5 minutes. Meanwhile, remove ice cream from freezer and let stand at room temperature or at least 15 minutes to soften. Remove nuts from the oven and let cool. Turn off oven. Choose 4 to 6 clear plastic parfait glasses, beer glasses, or any see-through unbreakable glass of at least 12-ounce capacity. In each of the glasses, put about 2 tablespoons caramel or butterscotch sauce in bottom. Top with a layer of softened ice cream, packing it down slightly and being careful not to s <END>
INPUT: oatmeal, breakfast, rolled oats, peanut butter, semisweet chocolate chips, honey
OUTPUT: TITLE: Oatmeal Chocolate-Chip Peanut-Butter Banana Breakfast Cookies | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 large, ripe bananas; 2 1/2 cups rolled oats; 1 cup peanut butter (my family prefers chunky); 1/3 cup semisweet chocolate chips; 1/4 cup honey; 2 teaspoons cinnamon; Pinch of salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with parchment. Mash the bananas with a fork in a large bowl. Add the oats, peanut butter, chocolate chips, honey, cinnamon and salt, and stir until just combined. (The mixture may be thick and hard to stir.) Scoop out the dough with a cookie scoop, and form balls with your hands, pressing the dough together very tightly. Place the balls on the prepared baking sheet. Bake until the edges start to brown, 12 to 15 minutes. <END>
INPUT: bake, ricotta, crabmeat, onions, horseradish, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Crab Bake | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 ounces ricotta; 1 can crabmeat, shells removed; 2 tablespoons instant chopped onions; 1/2 teaspoon prepared horseradish; 1/2 teaspoon pepper; 2 to 4 tablespoons milk; Assorted crackers | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Combine all ingredients except crackers, adding enough milk to make dip consistency. Place in a small baking dish and bake for 15 minutes. Serve hot on crackers. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, scented, short grain rice, quinoa, bay leaf, kosher salt more, virgin olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cumin-Scented Quinoa and Black Rice | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup short-grain black rice; 1 cup red quinoa, rinsed well; 1 bay leaf; 1/4 teaspoon kosher salt plus more; 4 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, divided; 1 small onion, finely chopped; 3 large garlic cloves, minced; 2 teaspoons cumin seeds; 3 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 1/4 cup chopped fresh cilantro; 1/4 cup chopped flat-leaf parsley; 2 tablespoons 1" pieces chives; Freshly ground black pepper; 1 avocado, peeled, pitted; 1 lemon, cut into wedges | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring rice and 1 cup water to a boil in a small saucepan. Cover, reduce heat to low, and cook until water is absorbed and rice is tender, 25-30 minutes. Meanwhile, combine quinoa, bay leaf, 1/4 teaspoon salt, and 2 cups water in a medium saucepan. Bring to a boil. Cover, reduce heat to low, and simmer until quinoa is tender, about 15 minutes. Drain; return quinoa to hot saucepan. Cover and let sit for 15 minutes. Discard bay leaf, fluff quinoa with a fork, and transfer to a large bowl. Heat 2 tablespoons oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Add onion and cook, stirring occasionally, until  <END>
INPUT: double, brownies, wheat bran, soy flour, unsweetened baking chocolate, unsalted butter, sugar substitute
OUTPUT: TITLE: Low Carb Double Chocolate Walnut Brownies | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 tablespoons wheat bran, or oat bran; 1 1/4 cups plus 1/2 tablespoon soy flour; 4 ounces unsweetened baking chocolate; 1/2 cup unsalted butter; 2 cups sugar substitute (recommended: Splenda); 1/2 cup heavy cream; 5 large eggs; 1 tablespoon no sugar added vanilla extract; 2 teaspoons baking powder; 1/2 cup chopped walnuts; Low Carb Chocolate Frosting, recipe follows; 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened (not melted); 5 tablespoons unsweetened cocoa powder; 1 cup sugar substitute (recommended: Splenda); 1/3 cup heavy cream | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: 8-inch square baking pan Preheat oven to 325 degrees F. Spray pan with nonstick vegetable oil cooking spray. Set aside. Mix wheat bran and 1/2 tablespoon soy flour together and sprinkle evenly over the inside of the greased pan, also coating the sides. Place the unsweetened chocolate and butter in a steel bowl and melt over a saucepan of simmering water. Whisk in 1 cup sugar substitute and 1/4 cup heavy cream. Once thoroughly blended, turn off heat and keep warm until needed. With an electric mixer on high, beat the eggs, 1 cup sugar substitute and the vanilla extract just u <END>
INPUT: mashed, salad, russet potatoes, bacon, onion, cider vinegar, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mashed Potato and Endive Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 small russet potatoes (about 12 ounces total), peeled, diced; 4 bacon slices, chopped; 1/4 cup minced onion; 3 tablespoons cider vinegar; 2 teaspoons sugar; 2 heads Belgian endive, sliced | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook potatoes in large pot of boiling water until tender, about 12 minutes. Meanwhile, cook bacon in heavy large skillet over medium-high heat until brown and crisp. Transfer to paper towel using slotted spoon. Drain bacon well. Reserve pan drippings in skillet. Transfer potatoes to colander and drain well. Return potatoes to pot. Mash coarsely. Reheat bacon fat in skillet until just warm. Remove from heat and mix in minced onion, cider vinegar and sugar. Add dressing to potatoes. Add endive and toss gently. Season salad to taste with salt and pepper. Sprinkle with bacon. Serve salad warm. Coo <END>
INPUT: Concord grapes, sugar, heavy cream, Two packets powdered, salted
OUTPUT: TITLE: Concord Grape Gelatin with Roasted Peanuts | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 pounds Concord grapes; 1/2 cup sugar; 1/4 cup heavy cream, plus 1/3 cup for whipping; Two 0.25-ounce packets powdered gelatin; 1/3 cup chopped salted, roasted peanuts | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: Six 4-ounce jelly jars, ramekins or pudding cups Combine the grapes, sugar, 1/4 cup heavy cream and 1/2 cup water in a medium saucepan over medium heat. Cook, partially covered, stirring occasionally, until the grapes are soft and the sugar has melted, about 10 minutes. Test one of the grapes to see if it is soft enough by pressing it against the side of the pot: If it smashes easily, it is ready; set aside to steep for 5 minutes. Put 1/2 cup cold water in a medium bowl and sprinkle the gelatin on top. Let sit until the gelatin is fully absorbed (Do not stir.) Strain the hot <END>
INPUT: American, veggie, burger, cauliflower, shiitake mushrooms, onion, Brussels sprouts, Oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Veggie Burger | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 head cauliflower, cored and divided into florets; 4 ounces fresh shiitake mushrooms; 1/2 cup diced yellow onion; 1/2 cup Brussels sprouts; Oil; 1/2 tablespoon kosher salt; 2 cans chickpeas, drained and rinsed; 2 tablespoons potato starch; 1/2 cup cooked lentils; 1/2 cup gluten-free oats; 1/2 cup toasted pumpkin seeds; 1/2 cup cooked quinoa; 1 teaspoon smoked paprika; 1/2 teaspoon cayenne pepper; 1/2 teaspoon ancho chile powder | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. In a food processor, pulse the cauliflower, mushrooms onions and Brussels sprouts in separate batches. Mix together in a large bowl. Mix in a little oil and salt. Spread out on a baking pan and roast, stirring every 15 minutes, for 1 hour; let cool. (This step is important because roasting helps evaporate moisture from the vegetables and adds deep roasted flavor to the final product.) Toss the chickpeas with the potato starch, then grind with a meat grinder or pulse in a food processor. In a large mixing bowl, combine the ground chickpeas and roasted vegetabl <END>
INPUT: butter, virgin olive oil, thyme, slender asparagus spears, Fleur de sel
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pan-Roasted Asparagus with Thyme | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon butter; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 5 large fresh thyme sprigs; 1 1/4 pounds slender asparagus spears, trimmed; Fleur de sel or coarse kosher salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Melt butter with oil and thyme sprigs in heavy large skillet over medium-high heat. Add asparagus in single layer; using tongs, toss to coat. Sauté, turning often, until crisp-tender and beginning to brown in spots, about 8 minutes. Sprinkle with fleur de sel and pepper and serve. Melt butter with oil and thyme sprigs in heavy large skillet over medium-high heat. Add asparagus in single layer; using tongs, toss to coat. Sauté, turning often, until crisp-tender and beginning to brown in spots, about 8 minutes. Sprinkle with fleur de sel and pepper and serve. <END>
INPUT: cannellini beans, leaves sage, garlic, Coarse sea salt, virgin olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Braised Beans | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound dried cannellini beans, picked over; 6 leaves fresh sage; 6 cloves garlic (3 smashed, 3 sliced); Coarse sea salt; 1/2 cup extra-virgin olive oil, plus more for drizzling; 1 plum tomato, diced; Freshly ground pepper; 1/4 cup roughly chopped fresh parsley | INSTRUCTIONS: Soak the beans in water overnight. Drain, then transfer to a Dutch oven. Add 10 cups water, 2 sage leaves, the smashed garlic and 1 tablespoon salt. Bring to a boil over high heat, then reduce the heat to medium low; cook until the beans are tender, about 1 hour. Drain, reserving the liquid. Discard the garlic and sage. Meanwhile, preheat a grill to high or preheat the oven to 475 degrees F. Return the beans to the Dutch oven. Add the sliced garlic, olive oil, the remaining 4 sage leaves, the tomato, 1 1/2 cups of the reserved cooking liquid, 1/2 teaspoon salt and 1/4 teaspoon pepper. Place th <END>
INPUT: punch, Irish whiskey, lemon, hot water
OUTPUT: TITLE: Whiskey Punch | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 3/4 cups Irish whiskey; 1/4 cup (packed) golden brown sugar; 6 thick lemon slices; 24 whole cloves; 3 cups hot water | INSTRUCTIONS: Mix whiskey and sugar in pitcher to dissolve sugar. Divide among 6 heat-proof glasses. Stud each lemon slice with 4 cloves. Place 1 slice in each glass. Pour 1/2 cup hot water into each; stir to blend. Mix whiskey and sugar in pitcher to dissolve sugar. Divide among 6 heat-proof glasses. Stud each lemon slice with 4 cloves. Place 1 slice in each glass. Pour 1/2 cup hot water into each; stir to blend. <END>
INPUT: chickpeas, wine vinegar, olive oil, Dijon mustard, kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Chickpeas | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound dried chickpeas; 1/4 cup plus 1 teaspoon red wine vinegar; 1 tablespoon olive oil; 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard; 1 1/2 teaspoons kosher salt, divided | INSTRUCTIONS: Place the chickpeas in a medium bowl and cover with 2 inches of water. Soak overnight. Heat the oven to 400 degrees F. Drain the chickpeas, return to the mixing bowl, and set aside. Place 1/4 cup vinegar, mustard, and 1 teaspoon salt into a small lidded container and shake vigorously to combine. Add the olive oil and shake to combine. Pour the dressing over the chickpeas and toss to combine. Spread the chickpeas on a half sheet pan and roast until the chickpeas are deep golden brown and crunchy, tossing every 15 minutes, for 60 to 65 minutes. Remove from the oven, return to the mixing bowl, ad <END>
INPUT: Italian, salad, vinaigrette, baby beets, star anise pods, verjus, kosher salt, pumpkin seeds
OUTPUT: TITLE: Red Salad with Pickled Beet Vinaigrette | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 6 baby red beets, trimmed, scrubbed; 2 whole star anise pods; 2 cups verjus; 1 teaspoon kosher salt; 2 tablespoons raw pumpkin seeds (pepitas); 2 anchovy fillets packed in oil; 1 garlic clove, finely grated; 1/3 cup grated Parmesan; 1/4 cup basil leaves; 1/4 cup olive oil; 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; Kosher salt, freshly ground pepper; Mixed red and purple raw fruits and vegetables (such as tomatoes, plums, berries, radishes, beets, rainbow carrots, and watermelon), halved, sliced, a; Verjus is a tart juice made from unripe grapes. You can find it at specialty foods stores and online | INSTRUCTIONS: Pickled Beets: Bring beets, star anise, verjus, salt, and 1 cup water to a simmer in a small saucepan over medium heat. Reduce heat to medium-low and cook beets, adding water as needed to keep them covered, until tender, 30–40 minutes. Let cool. Remove beets from brine with a slotted spoon and rub with paper towels to remove skins. Set beets aside. Reserve brine separately. Bring beets, star anise, verjus, salt, and 1 cup water to a simmer in a small saucepan over medium heat. Reduce heat to medium-low and cook beets, adding water as needed to keep them covered, until tender, 30–40 minutes. Le <END>
INPUT: Mexican, dessert, sauce, sugar, cornstarch, water, unsalted butter, lemon juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lemon and Lime Dessert Sauce | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1/3 cup sugar; 1 tablespoon cornstarch; 1 cup water; 1 tablespoon unsalted butter; 3 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 3 tablespoons fresh lime juice; 4 very thin lemon slices; 4 very thin lime slices; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; 1 drop yellow food coloring (optional) | INSTRUCTIONS: Whisk sugar and cornstarch in small saucepan to blend. Add 1 cup water and stir over medium heat until mixture boils and thickens. Remove from heat. Add butter and stir until melted. Whisk in lemon juice and lime juice. Cool sauce to room temperature. Stir in lemon and lime slices and vanilla extract. Add food coloring, if desired. Whisk sugar and cornstarch in small saucepan to blend. Add 1 cup water and stir over medium heat until mixture boils and thickens. Remove from heat. Add butter and stir until melted. Whisk in lemon juice and lime juice. Cool sauce to room temperature. Stir in lemon  <END>
INPUT: soup, Olive oil, Kosher salt, pepper, homemade Chicken Stock
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken Noodle Soup | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 whole (2 split) chicken breast, bone in, skin on; Olive oil; Kosher salt; Freshly ground black pepper; 2 quarts homemade Chicken Stock (see recipe); 1 cup medium-diced celery (2 stalks); 1 cup medium-diced carrots (3 carrots); 2 cups wide egg noodles; 1/4 cup chopped fresh parsley; 3 5-pound roasting chickens; 3 large yellow onions, unpeeled, quartered; 6 carrots, unpeeled, halved; 4 celery stalks with leaves, cut in thirds; 4 parsnips, unpeeled, cut in half (optional); 20 sprigs fresh parsley | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees. Place the chicken breast on a sheet pan and rub the skin with olive oil. Sprinkle generously with salt and pepper. Roast for 35 to 40 minutes, until cooked through. When cool enough to handle, remove the meat from the bones, discard the skin, and shred or dice the chicken meat. Bring the chicken stock to a simmer in a large pot and add the celery, carrots, and noodles. Simmer uncovered for about 10 minutes, until the noodles are cooked. Add the cooked chicken meat and parsley and heat through. Season to taste and serve. Place the  <END>
INPUT: Mexican, salad, garlic, sugar, lime juice, serrano chiles, lime zest
OUTPUT: TITLE: Melon Salad | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 3 garlic cloves, minced or pureed; 2 tablespoons brown sugar; 1/4 cup lime juice; 3 serrano chiles, stems removed and thinly sliced with seeds; 1 teaspoon grated lime zest; 1/2 cup slivered blanched almonds or pine nuts, toasted; 6 cups assorted melon cubes, in 1/2inch cubes, each variety separated; 1/4 cup fresh cilantro leaves for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Mix garlic, brown sugar, lime juice, chiles and lime zest in a medium bowl. Roughly chop almonds and add to garlic mixture. To serve, arrange each variety of melon cubes in alternating rows on a platter or in individual bowls. Spoon dressing over melon and garnish with cilantro. Serve chilled. <END>
INPUT: good, half half, heavy cream, condensed milk, vanilla bean
OUTPUT: TITLE: Good Ol' Vanilla Ice Cream | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups half-and-half; 2 cups heavy cream; 1 cup sweetened condensed milk; 1 vanilla bean, split and scraped | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large bowl, combine all the ingredients and mix well. Cover and refrigerate for 30 minutes to 1 hour to allow the flavors to blend. When you are ready to freeze, remove the vanilla pod from the base. (Rinse the vanilla pod, dry it, and save it for another use.) Pour into an ice cream maker and freeze according to the manufacturer's instructions. Alternately, pour 1 cup of the cold base into a sandwich-sized plastic bag and seal with heavy-duty tape (to prevent the salty water from getting into the bag). Fill a 1-gallon plastic storage bag half full of ice and add about 1/2 cup rock or sea <END>
INPUT: Mexican, sauce, virgin olive oil, spicy Mexican chorizo, sweet Vidalia onion, adobo seasoning, Hungarian paprika
OUTPUT: TITLE: Shrimp and Chorizo in Garlic Sauce | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cups extra-virgin olive oil; 1 pound spicy Mexican chorizo, casing removed; 1/4 cup finely chopped sweet or Vidalia onion; 1 teaspoon adobo seasoning; 1 teaspoon Hungarian paprika; Freshly ground black pepper; 1 head garlic, peeled and finely chopped; Salt; 1 1/2 pounds peeled deveined shrimp (16/20 count); Crusty, chewy bread, for sopping | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Special equipment: Toothpicks In a medium straight-sided pan, heat 2 tablespoons of oil over medium-high heat and saute the chorizo and onions, breaking the chorizo up with a wooden spoon while cooking until it resembles ground beef. Add the adobo, paprika and a few grinds of black pepper. Cook until the fat is rendered and the onions are tender and cooked into the chorizo, 8 to 10 minutes. Add the remaining oil and the garlic and lower the heat to medium-low. Let the flavors infuse over the low heat for 5 to 7 minutes. Add the shrimp to the garlic oil, raise the <END>
INPUT: American, sausage, sandwich, jalapenos, garlic, onion, thyme, vinegar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Egg-Sausage Sandwich with Pickled Jalapeno | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 12 jalapenos, halved and seeds removed; 12 cloves garlic, peeled; 1 small onion, thickly sliced; 5 sprigs fresh thyme; 4 cups white vinegar; 2 cups water; Kosher salt; 1 1/2 teaspoons active dry yeast; 1 cup warm water; 3 cups all-purpose flour; 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, melted; Kosher salt; 1 teaspoon sugar; Cornmeal, for dusting; 8 large eggs | INSTRUCTIONS: For the pickled jalapenos: Pack the jalapenos, garlic, onion, and thyme into a 2-quart jar. Combine the vinegar, water and 1/2 cup salt in a medium saucepan; bring to a boil. Pour over the jalapenos and refrigerate 3 to 4 days. For the English muffins: In the bowl of an electric mixer, combine the yeast and water; set aside until foamy, about 5 minutes. Stir in the flour, butter, 1 teaspoon salt, and sugar. Using the dough hook attachment on the electric mixer, mix the dough on medium speed until smooth and firm, about 10 minutes. Shape the dough into a ball; place into a greased bowl. Let ris <END>
INPUT: cabbage, chowder, pheasant, water, thyme, onions, carrots
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pheasant and Cabbage Chowder | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pheasant (2 1/2 to 3 pounds), or the same weight of pheasant thighs and drumsticks; About 4 quarts water; 4 sprigs fresh thyme; 2 large onions (12 ounces each), 1 unpeeled, coarsely chopped, 1 peeled and cut into 3/4-inch dice; 2 carrots (2 to 3 ounces each), 1 coarsely chopped; 1 sliced into 1/3-inch thick rounds (split the thick end lengthwise and cut into half-moons); 1 large stalk celery, coarsely chopped; 1 clove garlic, crushed; 2 dried bay leaves; 1 heaping teaspoon black peppercorns; 2 whole cloves; 4 ounces slab (unsliced) bacon, rind removed (reserve it for the stock) and cut into 1/3-inch dice; Kosher or sea salt; 4 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1/4 teaspoon caraway seeds, finely chopped; 1 pound Yukon gold, Maine, PEI, or other all-purpose potatoes, halved and sliced 1/3 inch thick | INSTRUCTIONS: With a cleaver, heavy chef's knife, or kitchen shears, split the pheasant in half, then cut the thighs and legs from the breasts. Place the 4 pieces of pheasant in a 6 to 8-quart stockpot and cover with the water. Bring to a boil, skimming off the white foam as it rises to the surface. (Using a ladle and a circular motion, push the foam from the center to the side of the pot, where it is easy to remove). Lower the heat so the broth is at a slow simmer. Meanwhile, remove the leaves from 3 springs of thyme, reserving the stems, chop, and reserve (you should have 1 teaspoon). Add the thyme stems  <END>
INPUT: brownies, bittersweet chocolate, unsweetened cocoa powder, sugar, vanilla
OUTPUT: TITLE: Salted Pretzel Brownies | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup (2 sticks) salted butter, plus more for buttering the pan; 5 ounces bittersweet chocolate, broken into pieces; 1/4 cup unsweetened cocoa powder; 2 cups sugar; 1 tablespoon vanilla; 3 large eggs; 1 1/4 cups all-purpose flour; 3/4 cup semisweet chocolate chips; 2 cups thin salted pretzels, lightly crushed | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Butter a 9-by-13-inch baking pan. In a medium-large saucepan, melt the butter with the bittersweet chocolate over low heat, whisking occasionally until smooth and melted. Sprinkle in the cocoa powder and whisk to combine. Remove the pan from the heat and allow to cool for about 5 minutes. Stir the sugar and vanilla into the chocolate mixture until just combined. One at a time, stir in the eggs. Gently stir in the flour until halfway incorporated. Add the chocolate chips and stir just until combined. Sprinkle half of the pretzels <END>
INPUT: pineapple, water, superfine sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Candied Pineapple | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pineapple; 4 cups water; 6 cups superfine sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: Preparing the Pineapple If you are using a small Victoria pineapple, leave the greens attached and remove the skin, but keep the fruit whole. Otherwise, peel the pineapple, taking care to remove all of the eyes, then cut the pineapple crosswise into slices 1/2 inch thick. Remove the center with a round cutter. Place the whole pineapple in a deep bowl or arrange the slices in a single layer in a large, wide nonreactive dish. If you are using a small Victoria pineapple, leave the greens attached and remove the skin, but keep the fruit whole. Otherwise, peel the pineapple, taking care to remove a <END>
INPUT: American, mashed, Yukon gold potatoes, garlic, Kosher salt pepper, garlic herb goat
OUTPUT: TITLE: Goat Cheese Mashed Potatoes | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 3 pounds large Yukon gold potatoes, peeled and cut in 3/4-inch chunks; 5 large garlic cloves; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 7 to 8 ounces garlic-and-herb goat cheese, at room temperature, such as Montrachet; 4 tablespoons (1/2 stick) unsalted butter, at room temperature; 1 1/2 cups sour cream; 1/2 cup half-and-half or milk; 1/2 cup freshly grated Parmesan cheese | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Place the potatoes, garlic and 1 tablespoon salt in a large pot with enough water to cover the potatoes. Bring to a boil over high heat, reduce to a simmer and cook for 20 to 25 minutes, until very tender. Drain the potatoes and garlic and process them together through a food mill fitted with the coarsest blade set on top of a bowl. While the potatoes are still hot, stir in the goat cheese, butter, sour cream, half-and-half, 4 teaspoons salt and 2 teaspoons pepper until smooth. Pour the mixture into a 9-by-12-by-2-inch oval baking dish, smoothing the top. Spr <END>
INPUT: Italian, beef, tenderloin, peppercorn mix, canola oil, garlic, rosemary
OUTPUT: TITLE: 5 Peppercorn Beef Tenderloin with Celeriac-Potato Cake Fried Garlic and Baby Spinach Saute with Basi | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 4 (7-ounce) slices of filet mignon; 5 peppercorn mix (2 black/2 white/2 green/2 pink/1 Szechuan); 1 cup canola oil; 1 tablespoon chopped garlic; 1 rosemary sprig; Celeriac Potato Cake, recipe follows; Fried Garlic and Baby Spinach Saute, recipe follows; Basil Oil, recipe follows; 1 cup demi-glace (optional); 3 cups grated potatoes (peeled then steamed, grated and chilled); 3 cups raw celeriac, grated; 1/2 cup green scallions, sliced; Salt and black pepper to taste; 1/2 cup clarified butter or ghee; 1/2 cup canola oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Coat the beef with the peppercorns and marinate in oil, garlic and rosemary for 4 hours or over night, refrigerated. Season beef with salt and sear in a heavy pan. Turn beef over and place in 375 degree oven for 8 to 12 minutes depending on thickness of filet. Cook until medium rare. Place beef on top of a potato cake so that it will absorb the juices of the beef. Make 3 mounds of spinach around the beef and drizzle with Basil Oil and demi-glace. In a large bowl, mix together potato, celeriac and scallions. Season well. In a hot non-stick pan, liberally coat with clarified butter and cover wit <END>
INPUT: corn, wheat tortilla, peanut butter, granola, mini chocolate chips, banana
OUTPUT: TITLE: Peanut Butter "Corn" Dog | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: One 6-inch whole-wheat tortilla; 1 tablespoon peanut butter; 1 tablespoon granola; 1/2 tablespoon mini chocolate chips; 1 banana, peeled; Honey, for serving | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: 2 craft sticks Lay the tortilla out flat. Spread with the peanut butter to the edges. Sprinkle with the granola and chocolate chips. Lay the banana on one edge and roll up. Cut the banana in half and insert a stick into each half. Dip in the honey. <END>
INPUT: muffins, all purpose flour, wheat flour, dark sugar, wheat germ, cinnamon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Healthy Carrot Muffins | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 cup all-purpose flour; 1/2 cup whole wheat flour; 2/3 cup dark brown sugar; 2 tablespoons wheat germ; 2 teaspoons ground cinnamon; 1 teaspoon baking powder; 1/2 teaspoon baking soda; Pinch fine salt; 2 large eggs; 1/3 cup vegetable oil; 1 tablespoon pure vanilla extract; 4 medium carrots, grated (about 2 cups); 1/2 cup canned crushed pineapple, drained | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: 12 cup muffin tin and paper liners Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line twelve 1/2-cup muffin cups with paper muffin liners. Whisk the flours with the brown sugar, wheat germ, cinnamon, baking powder, baking soda, and salt in a medium bowl. In another medium bowl lightly whisk the egg, then whisk in the vegetable oil, and vanilla extract. Quickly and lightly fold the wet ingredients into the dry ingredients with a rubber spatula. Stir in the carrots and pineapple just until evenly moist; the batter will be very thick. Divide the batter evenly among the muffin cups. Bake u <END>
INPUT: water, lemons, artichokes, virgin olive oil, coarse bread crumbs
OUTPUT: TITLE: Stuffed Artichokes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Cold water, as needed; 3 to 4 lemons, juiced, divided; 6 medium artichokes, stems trimmed; 1/4 to 1/2 cup extra-virgin olive oil, plus more for drizzling; 1/2 cup coarse bread crumbs, lightly toasted; 1/2 bunch curly parsley, stemmed, washed, dried and chopped; 1 small or 1/2 medium bulb fennel, tough outer layer removed, halved lengthwise, cut into thin slices and very roughly chopped; 1/2 to 3/4 cup fontina cheese, cut into small cubes; 1/2 cup grated Parmesan; Kosher salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Prepare a bowl of cold water large enough to hold the 6 artichoke hearts. Add the juice of 2 lemons to the water. Use a paring knife to trim the dark green skin from the stem and the base of each artichoke. Also slice about 2 to 3 inches off the top. In a circular motion, using a paring knife or peeler or your hands, peel the outer, dark green bitter layer of the heart until the fleshly, light green part is exposed. Trim and leave about 2 to 3 inches of the stem. Use a tablespoon to scoop out the "hay" or "choke" from the center of each artichoke. Squeeze some of <END>
INPUT: yuca, onions, vinegar, water, peppercorns
OUTPUT: TITLE: Boiled Yuca with Pickled Red Onion and Roasted Garlic | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound yuca, peeled, cut into 1-inch pieces; 2 medium red onions, sliced; 1 cup white vinegar; 1/2 cup water; 1 tablespoon black peppercorns; 1 teaspoon coriander seeds; 1 bay leaf; Roasted garlic and hot sauce, for garnish; Salt and pepper, to taste | INSTRUCTIONS: To cook yuca, place pieces in a sauce pot and cover with cold water and bring it to a boil over medium high heat. Once at a boil, lower the temperature and simmer until yuca is tender. Next, place red onion slices in a sauce pot with the vinegar, water, peppercorns, coriander, and 1 bay leaf. Bring the onions to a boil and remove from the heat to cool at room temperature. Once the yuca is tender strain and place in a serving bowl. Spoon the onions over the yuca. Serve with roasted garlic and hot sauce. Season with salt and pepper.; <END>
INPUT: salad, corn, virgin olive oil, Salt pepper, garlic, balsamic vinegar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Corn, Tomato, and Scallion Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 ears fresh corn, shucked; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 garlic cloves, minced; 1 1/2 tablespoons balsamic vinegar; 1 pound cherry tomatoes, halved; 2 bunches scallion greens, coarsely chopped to yield 1/2 cup | INSTRUCTIONS: Cut corn kernels from ears, discarding cobs. Heat oil in a large heavy skillet over moderately high heat until hot but not smoking, then saute corn, seasoning with salt and pepper, to taste, stirring, until tender, about 4 minutes. Add garlic and saute, stirring, 1 minute. Add vinegar and cook, stirring, until most is evaporated, about 1 minute. Add tomatoes and cook, gently stirring, 1 minute. Remove skillet from heat and stir in scallions. Transfer vegetables to a large plate to cool and season with salt and pepper. Salad can be made 1 day ahead and chilled, covered. <END>
INPUT: Asian, stir, soy tempeh grain, light soy sauce, rice vinegar, garlic, ginger
OUTPUT: TITLE: Marinated Tempeh Stir-Fry with Broccoli and Red Bell Pepper | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 4 ounces soy tempeh or 3-grain tempeh, cut into 1/2-inch pieces; 1/4 cup light soy sauce; 1 tablespoon rice vinegar; 3 garlic cloves, minced; 2 teaspoons minced peeled fresh ginger; 1/8 teaspoon dried crushed red pepper; 12 ounces broccoli, stems peeled and cut into 1/2-inch pieces, florets cut into 1-inch pieces; 2 tablespoons water; 1 teaspoon honey; 1 teaspoon cornstarch; 1 tablespoon vegetable oil; 1/2 cup chopped red bell pepper; 2 tablespoons thinly sliced green onion | INSTRUCTIONS: Stir tempeh, soy sauce, vinegar, garlic, ginger and crushed red pepper in medium bowl to blend. Let marinate 1 hour at room temperature. Steam broccoli until crisp-tender, about 3 minutes. Set aside. Strain marinade from tempeh into small bowl; set tempeh aside. Whisk 2 tablespoons water, honey and cornstarch into marinade. Heat oil in large nonstick skillet over high heat. Add marinated tempeh and bell pepper and sauté 4 minutes. Add broccoli and marinade mixture and sauté until broccoli is heated through and sauce thickens, about 3 minutes. Transfer to bowl. Sprinkle with green onion and ser <END>
INPUT: French, Celery, Carrot, apples, Pretzel twists
OUTPUT: TITLE: Baked Brie | CUISINE: French | INGREDIENTS: 1 (5-inch) round brie; Celery sticks; Carrot sticks; Sliced apples; Pretzel twists; Sliced baguette | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Wrap the brie in a piece of foil to enclose it completely and put it on a sheet pan. Bake until the cheese is gooey like fondue, about 20 minutes. Serve with celery, carrots, apples, pretzels, and bread for dipping. <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, cups, crumbled marinated feta, golden beets, Fuyu persimmons, Meyer lemon juice, Meyer lemon zest
OUTPUT: TITLE: Endive Cups with Beet, Persimmon and Marinated Feta | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup crumbled marinated feta or goat cheese (see Cooks' Note); 2 medium golden or red beets; 3 ripe Fuyu persimmons; 2 tablespoons Meyer lemon juice (or 1 1/2 tablespoons regular lemon juice); 1 teaspoon Meyer lemon zest (or regular lemon zest); 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; Pinch sugar, optional; 8 heads Belgian endive; Torn fresh mint, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Let cheese sit at room temperature while you prepare the rest of the ingredients. In a small saucepan, boil beets in salted water until fork-tender, 20 to 25 minutes. Do not overcook; they should still have a bit of firmness to them. Let beets cool, and then slip off the skins with your fingers. Cut the beets into 1/2-inch cubes and place in a medium bowl. Cut the tops and bottoms off the persimmons, then run a knife between the peel and the flesh to cut off the peel. Cut flesh into 1/2-inch cubes and add to the bowl with the beets. Add Meyer lemon juice, zest, oil, salt and pepper; toss to co <END>
INPUT: aspic, sauce, lemon Jell, boiling water, stewed tomatoes plum, onion, tomato puree
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tomato Aspic with Pineapple Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: One 3-ounce package lemon Jell-O; 1 cup boiling water; 3/4 cup stewed tomatoes or canned plum tomatoes, broken up; 1/2 small onion, grated or finely minced to yield 1 tablespoon pulp; 1/4 cup tomato puree; 1/4 cup tomato juice; Oil for greasing the mold; 1 tablespoon freshly squeezed lemon juice; 1/2 cup mayonnaise; 1 tablespoon pineapple juice; 1/2 cup crushed pineapple (canned is best), drained | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large bowl, dissolve the Jell-O in the boiling water, stirring for a minute. Add the tomatoes, onion, tomato puree, and tomato juice and mix until the aspic is well combined. Pour the mixture into a lightly greased 1-quart mold or 8-inch square glass dish. Refrigerate, lightly covered, overnight. To remove from the mold, briefly* dip it into a bowl of hot water and unmold onto a chilled plate. To make the sauce, in a small bowl, whisk together the lemon juice, mayonnaise, and pineapple juice. Add the crushed pineapple and stir lightly with a fork. Cover with plastic wrap and serve at room <END>
INPUT: wilted, olive oil, Cheez It Cheddar, pepper, chicken tenders, Dijon mustard
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cheddar Chicken Tenders with Wilted Spinach | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1 1/2 cups Cheez-It Cheddar crackers (3 oz); 3/4 teaspoon black pepper; 1 1/4 lb chicken tenders (not coated or cooked); 1/3 cup Dijon mustard; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1 (12- to 16-oz) bag baby spinach; 1/4 teaspoon salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Put oven rack in lower third of oven and preheat oven to 475°F. Brush a large shallow baking pan with oil (2 tablespoons). Pulse crackers in a food processor until finely ground, then transfer to a wide shallow bowl and stir in 1/2 teaspoon pepper. Toss tenders with mustard in a large bowl until coated, then dredge, 2 at a time, in cracker crumbs until evenly coated. Arrange tenders in 1 layer, without crowding, in oiled pan. Bake, turning over once, until golden brown, about 15 minutes total. Meanwhile, melt butter in a 5- to 6-quart heavy pot over moderate heat, then cook spinach, covered, t <END>
INPUT: Indian, mayonnaise, vinegar, coriander, cayenne pepper, Couple pinches salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fried Potatoes with Coriander Cayenne Mayonnaise | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup mayonnaise; 1 tablespoon white vinegar; 1 teaspoon ground coriander; 1/2 teaspoon cayenne pepper; Couple pinches salt; About 20 grinds black pepper; 2 cups vegetable oil, preferably canola or safflower; 4 russet potatoes, peeled and cut into 1/2-inch thick wedges; Salt; Chopped fresh parsley leaves, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Make the mayonnaise by whisking together all the ingredients until fully incorporated. Transfer to a small serving bowl and serve as a side with the fried potatoes. Heat the oil over high heat in a large, heavy pot, such as a Dutch oven, until it reaches 375 degrees F. Carefully drop half of the potatoes into the hot oil and cook until nicely golden brown, about 8 minutes. Remove potatoes with a slotted metal spoon onto a plate lined with a double layer of paper towels. Season generously with salt and sprinkle with parsley. Serve the first batch and repeat the frying process for the second bat <END>
INPUT: macaroons, pomegranate juice, zest orange, cinnamon, star anise
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pomegranate Chocolate Chip Macaroons | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cups pomegranate juice (pure, no sugar added); Peeled zest of 1 orange; 1 cinnamon stick; 4 whole star anise; 2 whole cloves; Cooking spray, for spraying sheet pans; One 14-ounce package sweetened shredded coconut, such as Baker's Angel Flake coconut (5 1/3 cups); 3/4 cup granulated sugar; 4 large egg whites; 4 ounces bittersweet chocolate chips (about 2/3 cup); 4 tablespoons unbleached all-purpose flour, plus more for dusting; Grated zest of 1 orange; 1 teaspoon vanilla bean paste or 1 1/2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract; 3/4 teaspoon kosher salt | INSTRUCTIONS: For the pomegranate reduction: In a small saucepan, combine the pomegranate juice, peeled orange zest, cinnamon stick, star anise and cloves. Set over medium heat, bring to a low simmer and reduce to 1/2 cup. This will take 10 to 15 minutes; keep pouring the liquid into a measuring cup to check the amount. Discard the orange peel and spices and allow the liquid to cool to room temperature; set aside. For the macaroons: Heat the oven to 325 degrees F. Lightly grease two sheet pans with cooking spray. In a medium bowl, combine the reduced pomegranate juice with the coconut, sugar, egg whites, ch <END>
INPUT: Asian, dressing, orange juice concentrate, balsamic vinegar, virgin olive oil, ginger, cilantro
OUTPUT: TITLE: Coriander Scallops with Orange-Ginger Dressing | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons frozen orange juice concentrate, thawed; 2 tablespoons white balsamic vinegar; 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, divided; 2 teaspoons minced peeled fresh ginger; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh cilantro; 2 tablespoons coriander seeds, coarsely crushed in resealable bag with mallet; 16 sea scallops, side muscles removed; 8 cups mixed baby greens; 1 navel orange, peel and pith removed, cut between membranes into segments | INSTRUCTIONS: Whisk juice concentrate, vinegar, 1 tablespoon oil, ginger, and cilantro in small bowl. Season dressing with salt and pepper. Place crushed coriander seeds on plate. Sprinkle scallops with salt and pepper, then press both sides in coriander to coat. Heat 2 tablespoons oil in large nonstick skillet over medium-high heat. Add scallops and cook until golden brown and just opaque in center, 1 1/2 to 2 minutes per side. Divide greens, orange, and scallops among 4 plates. Drizzle dressing over. Whisk juice concentrate, vinegar, 1 tablespoon oil, ginger, and cilantro in small bowl. Season dressing wi <END>
INPUT: terrine, garlic, virgin olive oil, hot Spanish smoked, salt, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Short Rib Terrine | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 8 large garlic cloves, peeled; 1/2 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 1 1/2 teaspoons hot Spanish smoked paprika; 1 teaspoon salt; 1/2 teaspoon black pepper; 6 cups finely chopped cooked short rib meat (reserved from rich beef broth ); Accompaniments: thin slices of crusty bread; caper berries; sea salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook garlic in oil in a 10-inch heavy skillet over low heat, turning occasionally, until tender and golden, about 15 minutes. Transfer garlic with a slotted spoon to a cutting board and mash to a paste with a fork. Cook paprika, salt, and pepper in oil remaining in skillet over low heat, stirring, until fragrant, about 1 minute. Stir together paprika oil, garlic paste, and short rib meat in a large bowl until combined well. Pack mixture into a 5- to 6-cup crock, terrine, or bowl and let stand at room temperature 1 hour to allow flavors to develop. Serve at room temperature. Cook garlic in oil  <END>
INPUT: chocolate, eclairs, vanilla bean, egg yolks, sugar, cornstarch
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate Eclairs | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups whole, 2 percent fat, or 1 percent fat milk; 1/2 vanilla bean, split lengthwise; 6 egg yolks; 2/3 cup sugar; 1/4 cup cornstarch; 1 tablespoon cold unsalted butter; 1 cup water; 8 tablespoons (1 stick) unsalted butter; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1 1/2 teaspoons sugar; 1 cup all-purpose flour; 3 eggs, plus 1 extra, if needed; 1 egg; 1 1/2 teaspoons water; 1/2 cup heavy cream | INSTRUCTIONS: Filling: In a medium saucepan, heat the milk and vanilla bean to a boil over medium heat. Immediately turn off the heat and set aside to infuse for 15 minutes. In a bowl, whisk the egg yolks and sugar until light and fluffy. Add the cornstarch and whisk vigorously until no lumps remain. Whisk in 1/4 cup of the hot milk mixture until incorporated. Whisk in the remaining hot milk mixture, reserving the saucepan. Pour the mixture through a strainer back into the saucepan. Cook over medium-high heat, whisking constantly, until thickened and slowly boiling. Remove from the heat and stir in the butt <END>
INPUT: halloween, bittersweet chocolate chips, Butterfinger candy bars, Skor Heath toffee, peanut butter, honey roasted peanuts
OUTPUT: TITLE: Halloween Peanut Butter and Toffee Candy Bar | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound bittersweet chocolate chips; 3 2.1-ounce Butterfinger candy bars, cut into irregular 1-inch pieces; 3 1.4-ounce Skor or Heath toffee candy bars, cut into irregular 3/4-inch pieces; 8 0.55-ounce peanut butter cups, each cut into 8 wedges; 1/4 cup honey-roasted peanuts; 3 ounces high-quality white chocolate (such as Lindt or Perugina), chopped; Reese's Pieces and/or yellow and orange peanut M&M;'s | INSTRUCTIONS: Line baking sheet with foil. Stir chocolate chips in heavy medium saucepan over low heat until melted and warm (not hot) to touch. Pour chocolate onto foil; spread to 1/4- inch thickness (about 12x10-inch rectangle). Sprinkle with Butterfinger candy, toffee, peanut butter cups, and nuts, making sure all pieces touch melted chocolate to adhere. Put white chocolate in heavy small saucepan. Stir constantly over very low heat until chocolate is melted and warm (not hot) to touch. Remove from heat. Dip spoon into chocolate; wave from side to side over bark, creating zigzag lines. Scatter Reese's Pi <END>
INPUT: American, sandwich, leg lamb, Juice lemon, carrots, celery, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Leg o' Lamb Sandwich | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: One 3-pound boneless leg of lamb; Juice of 1 lemon; 3 carrots, roughly chopped; 3 stalks celery, roughly chopped; 1 onion, roughly chopped; 10 cloves garlic, peeled; 4 sprigs fresh rosemary, leaves removed and stems reserved; 2 sprigs fresh thyme, leaves removed and stems reserved; 1/2 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 1 tablespoon kosher salt; 2 teaspoons freshly cracked black pepper; 1 cup white wine; 1 1/2 cups chicken stock; 1/2 stick unsalted butter; 2 loaves sourdough bread | INSTRUCTIONS: For the lamb: Preheat the oven to 250 degrees F. Begin by unfolding the de-boned leg of lamb and placing in a large dish. Pour the lemon juice all over both sides of the lamb; this will help tenderize it. To a roasting pan, add the carrots, celery and onions. Place the garlic in a food processor and process until well chopped. Remove just under half of the garlic (about 4 cloves worth) and set aside for garlic butter. Add the rosemary and thyme leaves to the food processor and chop up well. Add the olive oil, salt and pepper. Pour the marinade over both sides of the lamb and massage it into th <END>
INPUT: Mexican, trio, sugar, water, lime juice, zest limes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fresh Fruit Ice Trio: Lime, Watermelon & Pineapple | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 cup sugar; 2 1/4 cups water; 1/2 cup fresh lime juice (about 6 limes); Finely grated zest of 3 limes; 1/4 cup sugar; 2 cups water; 4 cups chopped seedless watermelon (about 3 pounds whole fruit), rind removed; Juice of 1 lime; 1/2 cup sugar; 2 cups water; 1 pineapple, peeled, cored, chopped (about 3 cups) | INSTRUCTIONS: LIME Prepare a Simple Syrup Combine the sugar and water in a saucepan set over medium heat. Stir until the sugar has completely dissolved. Remove from the heat and allow the syrup to cool. Add the Lime Juice and Freeze Pour the simple syrup and lime juice in a 9 by 11-inch nonreactive baking pan and stir in the lime zest. Cover the pan with plastic wrap and place in the freezer. After 1 hour, stir the mixture well, using a fork. Return to the freezer for another hour, then stir again. Allow the mixture to freeze for at least 6 hours or overnight (it is not necessary to continue stirring after  <END>
INPUT: Asian, morganandreg, oz.Captain Morgan® Spiced, oz.fresh lime juice, oz.ginger ale, wedge
OUTPUT: TITLE: Captain Morganandreg; Black and Ginger | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1.25 oz.Captain Morgan® Black Spiced Rum; 0.5 oz.fresh lime juice; 4 oz.ginger ale; 1 wedge(s) lime(s) | INSTRUCTIONS: Add Captain Morgan® Black Spiced Rum to an ice-filled collins glass. Top with ginger ale and stir. Garnish with a lime wedge. PLEASE DRINK RESPONSIBLY. CAPTAIN MORGAN Black Spiced Rum. Caribbean Rum With Select Spices and Natural Flavors. 47.3 Alc/Vol. © Captain Morgan Rum Co., Norwalk, CT. <END>
INPUT: Italian, asparagus, virgin olive oil, Salt, all purpose flour
OUTPUT: TITLE: Asparagus Lasagna | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 4 pounds medium asparagus, trimmed; 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; Salt; 1/4 cup (1/2 stick) unsalted butter; 1/4 cup all-purpose flour; 1 1/2 cups chicken broth, heated; 1/2 cup water, heated; 7 ounces mild goat cheese, such as Montrachet; 1 teaspoon freshly grated lemon zest, or to taste; 6 (7 by 6 1/4-inch) sheets instant (no-boil) lasagna; 1 2/3 cups freshly grated Parmesan; 1 cup heavy cream | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 500 degrees F. Cut the tips off each asparagus spear and reserve them. Cut the stalks of asparagus into 1/2-inch lengths. In each of 2 large shallow baking pans toss half the asparagus stalks with half the oil, and salt to taste coating them well, and roast them, shaking the pans every few minutes, until they are crisp-tender, about 5 to 10 minutes. Set them aside. Lower oven temperature to 400 degrees F. In a saucepan melt the butter, add the flour, and cook the roux over moderately low heat, stirring, for 3 minutes. Add the broth and the water in a stream, whisking, simmer th <END>
INPUT: virgin olive oil, onions, rosemary, chili peppers
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lentils con Prosciutto | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/3 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 1 (9 ounce) piece prosciutto, cubed; 2 white onions, thinly sliced; Sprig rosemary; 2 chili peppers, diced; 2 1/2 (15-ounce) cans lentils, drained and rinsed; Pinch salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Saute prosciutto and onions in a frying pan in the extra-virgin olive oil, rosemary and hot peppers on high heat, until the prosciutto and onions are browned. Add the lentils to the pan. Cook for a few minutes so that the lentils absorb the flavors of the other ingredients. Add a pinch of salt, but be cautioned that the prosciutto is already quite salty. Remove the rosemary sprig and plate the lentils. Serve warm or at room temperature. <END>
INPUT: Peanut oil, Kosher salt, smoked paprika, garlic powder, chicken wings
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pat's Spicy Peach Hot Wings | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Peanut oil, for frying; Kosher salt; 1 teaspoon smoked paprika; 1/2 teaspoon garlic powder; 3 pounds chicken wings, cut at joint; 1/2 stick (2 ounces) butter; 2 cloves garlic, chopped; 1/2 cup peach preserves; 1/4 cup hot sauce (recommended: Tabasco); 1 tablespoon soy sauce | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat deep fryer with peanut oil to 350 degrees F. Mix the 2 teaspoons salt, smoked paprika, and garlic powder together in a small bowl. Add chicken wings and toss to coat. Melt the butter in medium saucepan over medium heat with the garlic. Stir in peach preserves, hot sauce, and soy sauce. Cook until syrupy and thick, about 5 minutes. Transfer to a large bowl. Add the wings to the deep fryer and fry until cooked through and golden and crisp, 12 to 15 minutes. You will need to do this in 2 batches so you don't overcrowd your fryer. Remove the wings from the fryer and drain on a paper towel- <END>
INPUT: American, Perfect Pie Crust, light corn syrup, good honey, pure maple syrup
OUTPUT: TITLE: Maple Pecan Pie | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: Perfect Pie Crust; 1/2 cup light corn syrup; 1/4 cup good honey; 1/4 cup pure maple syrup; 4 tablespoons (1/2 stick) unsalted butter, melted; 3 extra-large eggs, lightly beaten; 1 tablespoon bourbon, such as Maker's Mark; 1/2 teaspoon pure vanilla extract; 1/2 teaspoon grated orange zest; 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt; 2 1/2 cups whole pecan halves (9 ounces) | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line a 9-inch pie pan with the pie crust. Place it on a sheet pan. In a large bowl, whisk together the corn syrup, honey, maple syrup, butter, eggs, bourbon, vanilla, orange zest and salt. Stir in the pecans and pour into the unbaked pie shell. Bake for 50 to 55 minutes, until the center is just set. Set aside to cool, and serve. Photograph by Steve Giralt <END>
INPUT: stew, annatto, vegetable oil, russet, onion, Rounded cumin
OUTPUT: TITLE: Potato Stew | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 teaspoons annatto (achiote) seeds; 2 tablespoons vegetable oil; 3 1/2 lb russet (baking) potatoes; 1 cup chopped white onion; Rounded 1/2 teaspoon ground cumin; 2 1/4 teaspoons salt; 3/4 teaspoon black pepper; 7 cups water; 1 cup whole milk; 5 1/2 oz queso fresco (Mexican fresh cheese) or ricotta salata, coarsely grated (1 1/4 cups); 2 (6- to 7-oz) firm-ripe avocados | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat annatto seeds and oil in a very small saucepan over low heat, swirling pan frequently, until oil is bright red-orange and starts to simmer, 1 to 2 minutes. Remove from heat and let stand 10 minutes. Meanwhile, peel potatoes and cut into 3/4-inch pieces. Pour annatto oil through a fine-mesh sieve into a wide 7- to 8-quart heavy pot, discarding solids. Cook onion and half of potatoes (reserve remaining potatoes in a bowl of cold water) in annatto oil over moderately high heat, stirring, until onion is softened, 3 to 5 minutes. Add cumin, salt, and pepper and cook, stirring, 1 minute. Add wa <END>
INPUT: slice bacon, onion, caraway seeds, sauerkraut, apple juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sauteed Pork Chops with Sauerkraut | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 slice of lean bacon, chopped; 1 small onion, sliced thin; 3/4 teaspoon caraway seeds; 1 1/2 cups sauerkraut (about 1/2 pound), rinsed and drained; 1/2 cup apple juice; two 1-inch-thick loin pork chops; 1 tablespoon vegetable oil; 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh dill | INSTRUCTIONS: In a heavy saucepan cook the bacon over moderate heat, stirring, until it is crisp, add the onion, and the caraway seeds, and cook the mixture, stirring, until the onion is golden. Add the sauerkraut and the apple juice and simmer the mixture, covered, for 20 minutes. While the sauerkraut mixture is the simmering, sprinkle both sides of the chops with salt, let the chops stand between layers of paper towel for 10 minutes, and season them with pepper. In a heavy skillet heat the oil over moderately high heat until it is hot but not smoking and in it sauté the chops for 5 to 6 minutes on each si <END>
INPUT: pickle, balsamic vinegar, sugar, lemon, cinnamon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Watermelon Rind Pickle | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup balsamic vinegar; 2 cups sugar; 1 lemon, sliced thin; 2 sticks cinnamon, crushed; 1 teaspoon whole cloves; 2 teaspoons cracked allspice; 9 cups cubed watermelon rind; 1/2 cup salt; 2 quarts plus 2 cups water; 1 3/4 cups cider vinegar | INSTRUCTIONS: Prepare the watermelon rind by cutting it into 1-inch squares and removing the green skin and all but a small amount of the red meat. Place the prepared watermelon in a large bowl and soak it overnight in brine made from the salt and 2 quarts of water. When ready to prepare, drain the watermelon, wash it with fresh water, and drain it again. Place the rind in a large nonreactive saucepan with water to cover, and simmer it until it is fork-tender. Place the remaining 2 cups of water and the remaining ingredients in another large nonreactive pan, bring them to a boil, and simmer them for 15 minu <END>
INPUT: loaf seven grain, Canola oil, Salt pepper, virgin olive oil, Dijon Mustard
OUTPUT: TITLE: Smoked Salmon on Grilled Seven Grain Bread with Tomato and Dill | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 loaf seven grain bread, sliced on diagonal into 1/4-inch thick slices; Canola oil, to brush bread; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; Extra-virgin olive oil, for drizzling; Dijon Mustard, for spreading and drizzling; Honey, for spreading and drizzling; 2 to 3 heirloom tomatoes, thinly sliced; 8 ounces smoked salmon, sliced paper thin; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh dill; Juice of 1 lemon; Dill fronds, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat a grill pan over high heat. Brush the bread with canola oil, salt and pepper. Grill the bread until slightly charred on each side, about 30 seconds per side. Remove the bread to a cutting board and drizzle with olive oil and season with salt and pepper. Combine honey and mustard in a small bowl. Schmear the bread with honey mustard and put sliced tomato on each slice of bread. Drizzle with honey mustard and top with a few slices of smoked salmon. Add another drizzle of honey mustard and top with black pepper and a sprig of dill. Whisk together a few tablespoons of lemon juice and a few <END>
INPUT: Asian, saute, broccoli florets, Chinese egg noodles, vegetable oil, sesame oil, scallion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Saute of Chicken and Broccoli - Asian Style | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups broccoli florets; 8 Chinese egg noodles; 2 tablespoons vegetable oil; 1 tablespoon sesame oil; 1/2 cup minced scallion; 1 tablespoon minced ginger; 1 tablespoon minced garlic; 12 ounces skinless, boneless chicken breast, cut into thin slivers; 1 tablespoon soy sauce; 1/2 teaspoon sugar; 1 cup chicken broth mixed with 2 teaspoons cornstarch; Salt and pepper; Chopped toasted peanuts for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Parboil the broccoli for a minute and remove. Add the Chinese noodles and cook for 5 minutes or until al dente. In a large skillet heat the vegetable and sesame oils. When hot, add the scallion, ginger and garlic and cook, stirring for 30 seconds. Add the chicken and saute, stirring continuously until no longer pink. Add the soy sauce, and sugar and simmer 10 seconds. Stir in the parboiled broccoli. Add the broth mixed with cornstarch and just bring to a simmer. Simmer until lightly thickened. Serve over noodles and garnish with toasted peanuts. <END>
INPUT: roasted garlic, egg yolk, lemon juice, Dijon mustard, virgin olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lobster BLT | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 roasted garlic cloves; 1 large egg yolk*; 2 teaspoons fresh lemon juice; 1/3 teaspoon Dijon mustard; 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 3 tablespoons vegetable oil; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 pound cooked lobster meat, preferably Maine lobsters; 1/2 pound melted butter; 8 slices country white bread, toasted; Pea Aioli; 8 slices applewood smoked bacon, cooked; 12 oven-roasted tomatoes; 1/2 cup pea sprouts; 1 1/2 avocados, sliced | INSTRUCTIONS: Mash garlic into a paste. Whisk together yolk, lemon juice, and mustard in a bowl. Combine oils and add, a few drops at a time, to yolk mixture, whisking constantly, until all oil is incorporated and mixture is emulsified. Whisk in garlic paste and season with salt and pepper, to taste. If the aioli is too thick, whisk in 1 or 2 drops of water.; Warm lobster in melted butter and set aside. Toast white bread. Smear with aioli. Layer bacon, lobster, tomatoes, sprouts and avocado.; <END>
INPUT: American, galette, sheet puff pastry, All purpose flour, egg, Confectioners' sugar, cream cheese
OUTPUT: TITLE: Apricot-Plum Galette with Cream Cheese and Pistachios | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 sheet frozen puff pastry (half of a 17-ounce package), thawed; All-purpose flour, for dusting; 1 large egg, for brushing; Confectioners' sugar, for dusting; 8 ounces cream cheese, at room temperature; 1/2 cup confectioners' sugar; 2 tablespoons all-purpose flour; 1 1/2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract; 1 large egg, for brushing; Finely grated zest of 1 lemon; Pinch of freshly grated nutmeg or ground mace; 1 pound apricots, plums, apriums and/or pluots, pitted and cut into 1/2-inch chunks; 2 tablespoons apricot preserves; 1 tablespoon cold unsalted butter, cut into small pieces; 2 tablespoons chopped pistachios | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F and line a baking sheet with parchment paper. Roll out the puff pastry into a 12-inch square on a lightly floured surface. Transfer to the prepared baking sheet and refrigerate, 15 minutes. Meanwhile, make the filling: Combine the cream cheese, confectioners' sugar, 1 tablespoon flour, 1 teaspoon vanilla, the egg, lemon zest and nutmeg in a large bowl. Beat with a mixer on medium-high speed until smooth, about 2 minutes. Toss the fruit in a medium bowl with the apricot preserves and the remaining 1 tablespoon flour and 1/2 teaspoon vanilla. Spread the cream ch <END>
INPUT: garden, firmly mint leaves, basil leaves, sage leaves, honey, tea bags
OUTPUT: TITLE: Garden Iced Green Tea | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup firmly packed fresh mint leaves; 4 fresh basil leaves; 4 fresh sage leaves; 2 tablespoons honey; 2 green tea bags; 3 cups iced water; 1 cup ice | INSTRUCTIONS: Mix 1 cup water, the mint, basil, sage and honey in a small saucepan and bring to a boil. Add the tea bags and steep, about 2 minutes. Pour the tea into a pitcher. Add the iced water and ice. Serve the tea cold. <END>
INPUT: French, spirals, smoked salmon, cream cheese at, unsalted butter, lemon juice, snipped dill
OUTPUT: TITLE: Smoked Salmon Crepe Spirals | CUISINE: French | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 pound thinly sliced smoked salmon; 2 tablespoons cream cheese at room temperature; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, cut into pieces, at room temperature; 2 teaspoons fresh lemon juice; 2 teaspoons snipped fresh dill; 4 crepes | INSTRUCTIONS: In a food processor puree half the smoked salmon, add the cream cheese, butter, lemon juice and blend until the mixture is smooth. Transfer the puree to a bowl and stir in the dill. On the paler side of each crepe spread a thin 1/4 of the puree mixture, top with 1/4 salmon slices. Roll the crepe tightly to enclose the filling in the crepe. Chill seam side down, covered for at least 1 hour, or until they are firm enough to slice. Slice diagonally into 1/4-inch thick spirals.; <END>
INPUT: Italian, sliders, everything, poppy seeds, sesame seeds, garlic, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Baked Roast Beef and Provolone "Tea" Sliders on Everything Buns | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 sticks (12 tablespoons) butter, melted, plus additional for buttering baking dish; 1 tablespoon poppy seeds; 1 tablespoon sesame seeds; 3/4 teaspoon dried minced garlic; 1/2 tablespoon dried minced onion; Pretzel salt or kosher salt; 1 package Hawaiian sweet rolls; 1 1/2 pounds shaved rare roast beef from the deli counter, preferably a premium brand like Boar's Head; 2 cups crispy French-fried onions; 1 pound sliced sharp provolone; 1 cup spicy pickle rounds | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Butter the bottom of a 13-by-9-inch baking dish. Stir together the melted butter, poppy seeds, sesame seeds, dried garlic, dried onion and 1 teaspoon salt. Without separating into individual rolls, slice the top half of the bread off the bottom. Place the bottom portion of the rolls in the prepared baking dish. Layer the shaved roast beef on top, then the crispy onions, then a layer of provolone, then top with layer of pickles. Place the top section of the rolls on the sandwich stacks. Stir the spiced butter and then liberally b <END>
INPUT: garlic, onion, bay leaf, ham hock
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chickpeas with Spinach | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 pound (1 generous cup) dried chickpeas; 7 cloves garlic, peeled; 1 onion, peeled; 1 bay leaf; 1 small ham hock (optional); Salt; About 1 1/4 pounds spinach, tough stems removed, rinsed, and coarsely chopped (about 10 loosely packed cups or 1 pound after trimming); 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1 slice country bread, crust removed; Generous pinch of saffron threads, warmed and crushed; 1 teaspoon cumin seeds, toasted in a dry pan until fragrant and finely ground; 2 teaspoons sweet smoked paprika; 1/2 cup coarsely flaked cooked salt cod (optional); 1/4 cup diced cooked ham if using ham hock or 1/2 cup if not using hock (optional); Salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Pick over the chickpeas, discarding any misshapen peas or grit, rinse well, and soak overnight in water to cover. The next day, drain the chickpeas and put them in a saucepan with water to cover by 2 inches. Tie together 4 of the garlic cloves, the onion, and the bay leaf in a piece of cheesecloth and add the sachet to the pan. Add the optional ham hock only if you will not be adding salt cod later, and then bring to a boil over high heat. Reduce the heat to low and simmer uncovered, adding 2 teaspoons salt (less if using the ham hock) after the first 10 minutes of cooking, until the chickpeas <END>
INPUT: Asian, mousse, cones, bittersweet chocolate, heavy cream, all purpose flour, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate-Ginger Mousse Cones | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 8 ounces bittersweet chocolate; 3 cups heavy cream, chilled; 1 1/3 cups all-purpose flour; 2/3 cup sugar; 1/2 cup (1 stick) unsalted butter, melted and cooled slightly; 1/2 cup whole milk; 3 tablespoons ground ginger; 2 teaspoons baking powder; 1/4 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1/4 teaspoon ground cloves; Pinch of kosher salt; 2 large eggs; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; Cooking spray | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: a pizzelle iron and wooden cone mold For the mousse: Place a medium bowl in the freezer for 10 minutes. Meanwhile, melt the chocolate in a medium microwave-safe bowl on low power for 3 minutes. Let cool slightly. Pour the cream into the chilled bowl and whip until it holds stiff peaks. Fold one-third of the cream into the chocolate. Fold half of the remaining cream into the chocolate and then fold in the rest of the cream. Refrigerate until ready to use. For the cones: Preheat a pizzelle iron. Whisk together the flour, sugar, butter, milk, ginger, baking powder, cinnamon, cl <END>
INPUT: gazpacho, country bread, ice water, almonds, garlic, seedless grapes
OUTPUT: TITLE: White Gazpacho | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 8 slices country bread; 3 cups ice water; 3 tablespoons sliced almonds; 1 clove garlic; 3/4 pound seedless green grapes; 3 tablespoons white wine vinegar; 3/4 cup extra virgin olive oil; Salt and cayenne pepper; 1/2 cucumber, peeled, seeded and diced | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. Lightly toast 5 slices of bread. Remove the crusts then set the bread aside to soften in 1 cup of water. Lightly toast the almonds in a small skillet over medium-low heat until golden, about 7 minutes. Transfer the almonds to a food processor add the garlic and pulse until the almonds are finely ground. Squeeze the bread as dry as possible and add it, and about one-third of the grapes to the almonds. Process until the mixture is smooth. 2. Transfer the bread mixture to a bowl and gradually beat in first the vinegar, then 1/2 cup of the oil. Beat in the remaining two cups of water then strai <END>
INPUT: parsley, lemon peel, garlic, butter, veal scallops
OUTPUT: TITLE: Veal Scallops with Parsley, Lemon and Garlic | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons minced fresh parsley; 1 1/2 teaspoons grated lemon peel; 1 large garlic clove, minced; 1 1/2 tablespoons butter; 1/2 pound veal scallops (about 2 large); 1/3 cup dry vermouth | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine minced parsley, grated lemon peel and garlic in small bowl. Season with salt and pepper. Melt butter in heavy large skillet over high heat. Season veal with salt and pepper. Add veal to skillet; sauté until golden brown and just cooked through, about 1 minute per side. Transfer veal to large plate. Add vermouth to skillet; boil 1 minute, scraping up browned bits. Add half of parsley mixture and any accumulated juices from plate and boil 1 minute longer . Spoon sauce over veal. Sprinkle remaining parsley mixture over and serve. Combine minced parsley, grated lemon peel and garlic in sma <END>
INPUT: American, Buttermilk Pie Crust, solid pack pumpkin, whipping cream, pure maple syrup, eggs
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pumpkin-Maple Pie | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 Buttermilk Pie Crust Dough disk; 1 16-ounce can solid pack pumpkin; 1 cup whipping cream; 3/4 cup pure maple syrup; 3 large eggs; 1 tablespoon all purpose flour; 1/2 teaspoon natural maple flavor; 1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1/4 teaspoon ground ginger; 1/4 teaspoon ground nutmeg; Pinch of salt; 1 cup chilled whipping cream; 3 tablespoons pure maple syrup | INSTRUCTIONS: Position rack in lowest third of oven and preheat to 400°F. Roll pie crust disk out on lightly floured surface to 13-inch-diameter round (about 1/8 inch thick). Roll up dough on rolling pin and transfer to 9-inch-diameter glass pie plate. Gently press into place. Trim edges of crust, leaving 1/2-inch overhang. Fold excess under. Crimp edges. Freeze until crust is firm, about 15 minutes. Line pie crust with foil, leaving 3-inch overhang. Fill foil with beans or pie weights. Fold extra foil gently over crust edges. Bake until crust is set, about 15 minutes. Remove foil and beans. Cool pie crust  <END>
INPUT: crusted, Italian parsley, orange, fennel, bay leaves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Salt Crusted Whole Red Snapper | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 (4-pound) whole red snapper, cleaned; 1/4 cup chopped Italian parsley; 1 orange, sliced; 1 pound fresh fennel, chopped; 2 bay leaves; 1 shallot, minced; 1 teaspoon red pepper flakes; 2 teaspoons fennel seed; 1/2 cup extra-virgin olive oil, divided; 4 egg whites; 1 cup kosher salt | INSTRUCTIONS: When cooking with a whole fish you must first be sure that the fish is gutted, your local fish market will do this for you. The skin should be scaled and the gills and fins removed. Leave on the head and tail. Rinse the fish inside and out then pat dry. In a mixing bowl, combine the parsley, orange, fennel, bay leaves, shallot, red pepper flakes, fennel seed, and 1/4-cup olive oil. Stuff the cavity of the fish with 3/4 of the mixture, then spread the remaining 1/4 on the bottom of a roasting pan so the fish will not stick. Transfer the fish to the roasting pan and rub the skin with remaining o <END>
INPUT: sipper, light sugar, bourbon, lemon juice, simple syrup
OUTPUT: TITLE: Bourbon Cider Sipper | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup light brown sugar; 1 tablespoon whole cloves; 1 1/2 ounces bourbon; 1/2 ounce fresh lemon juice; 1/2 ounce clove simple syrup; 1 1/2 ounces hard cider; Apple slice studded with a few whole cloves, for garnish, optional | INSTRUCTIONS: For the clove simple syrup: Combine the brown sugar, cloves and 1 cup water in a pan and heat until the sugar is dissolved. Allow to cool and sit for 2 to 3 hours; strain off the cloves before using. (Store any remaining syrup in a sealed jar, refrigerated, for up to 1 week.) For the cocktail: Add the bourbon, lemon juice and clove simple syrup to a shaker and add ice. Shake vigorously and pour into a highball glass. Top with hard cider--and if you're feeling fancy--garnish with an apple slice studded with a few whole cloves. That part is optional though. As are pants. <END>
INPUT: Indian, olive oil, chicken thighs, Salt pepper, garlic, shallots
OUTPUT: TITLE: Garam Masala Chicken Pot Pie | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons olive oil, plus more for brushing; 4 boneless and skinless chicken thighs; Salt and freshly ground black pepper, plus 2 teaspoons salt; 2 cloves garlic, chopped; 2 shallots, chopped; 1 carrot, peeled and sliced; 2 tablespoons salted butter; 3 tablespoons all-purpose flour, plus more for dusting puff pastry; 3 cups chicken stock; 1 russet potato, peeled and cubed; 1/2 cup frozen peas, defrosted; 1 1/2 tablespoons garam masala, plus more for sprinkling; 2 sheets (1 pound package) frozen puff pastry, defrosted slightly; 2 tablespoons olive oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. In a medium-size pot over medium-high heat, add the olive oil. Season the chicken with salt and pepper, and brown on both sides until golden, about 5 minutes on each side. Remove the chicken from the pan to a cutting board and reserve. To the same pot add the garlic, shallots, and carrots and saute until golden. Remove the vegetables to a bowl and reserve. Turn the heat down to medium. Melt the butter in the pot, whisk in the flour and cook for 1 minute. Stir in the chicken stock, and potatoes and cook until potatoes are mostly  <END>
INPUT: speedy, stew, leftover beef gravy, butter noodles, low sodium beef, cornstarch mixed butter, water
OUTPUT: TITLE: Speedy Beef Stew with Noodles | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup leftover or canned beef gravy; 8 oz medium butter noodles, cooked; 1 cup low sodium beef stock and drained; 1 tablespoon cornstarch mixed with 1 tablespoon butter; 1 tablespoon water; 1/4 cup chopped parsley; 2-3 slices leftover pot roast, cut in strips; Salt and pepper; Leftover roasted carrots and potatoes, diced 2/3 cup frozen peas | INSTRUCTIONS: Warm gravy with stock in medium saucepan over medium high heat. Thicken with cornstarch mixture if necessary. Bring to a simmer. Stir in beef, carrots, potatoes and peas. Toss noodles with butter and parsley. Top noodles with beef stew. <END>
INPUT: Italian, broccoli, cauliflower, carrots, vegetable oil, unsalted butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Broccoli, Cauliflower and Carrots with Parmesan Bread Crumbs | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 bunches broccoli (about 1 1/2 pounds); 1 large head cauliflower (about 2 pounds); 1 pound carrots, peeled and cut into 1/4-inch slices on a diagonal; 1 tablespoon vegetable oil; 4 tablespoons unsalted butter; 2 cups very coarse dry bread crumbs; 1/2 cup grated Parmesan; 1/2 teaspoon cayenne | INSTRUCTIONS: Trim broccoli, reserving stems for another use, and cut florets into 1-inch pieces. (There should be about 5 cups.) Trim cauliflower and cut florets into 1-inch pieces. (There should be about 5 cups.) In a large saucepan of boiling salted water cook vegetables until crisp-tender, 2 to 5 minutes. In a colander drain vegetables and refresh under cold water to stop cooking. Drain vegetables well. Vegetables may be prepared up to this point 1 day ahead and chilled, covered. In a large heavy skillet heat oil and 2 tablespoons butter over moderately high heat until foam begins to subside and saute b <END>
INPUT: Mexican, squares, all purpose flour, golden sugar, salt, pecans
OUTPUT: TITLE: Ginger-Lime Squares | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup all purpose flour; 1/4 cup packed golden brown sugar; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 6 tablespoons (3/4 stick) well-chilled unsalted butter, cut into pieces; 1/2 cup pecans; 3/4 cup sugar; 2 eggs; 3 tablespoons fresh lime juice; 1 tablespoon grated lime peel; 1/2 teaspoon baking powder; Pinch of salt; 3 tablespoons minced crystallized ginger; Powdered sugar; 8 thin lime slices, halved | INSTRUCTIONS: FOR CRUST: Preheat oven to 350°F. Line 8-inch square baking dish with foil; generously butter foil. Mix flour, sugar and salt in processor. Add butter and pecans and blend until fine meal forms. Press onto bottom of prepared dish. Bake until golden brown, about 25 minutes. Preheat oven to 350°F. Line 8-inch square baking dish with foil; generously butter foil. Mix flour, sugar and salt in processor. Add butter and pecans and blend until fine meal forms. Press onto bottom of prepared dish. Bake until golden brown, about 25 minutes. FILLING: Puree first 6 ingredients in processor. Pour filling o <END>
INPUT: Asian, jook, long grain rice, scallions, turkey carcass some, water
OUTPUT: TITLE: Turkey Jook | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup long-grain white rice, rinsed briefly; 6 scallions, divided; 1 turkey carcass with some meat and skin; 1 (4-inch) piece peeled ginger, halved, divided; 10 cups water; Accompaniments: soy sauce; Asian sesame oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Simmer rice, 3 scallions, turkey carcass (break into pieces if necessary), half of ginger, and water in a 6-to 8-quart heavy pot, covered, stirring occasionally, until soup has a creamy, porridge-like consistency, 50 minutes to 1 hour. Meanwhile, thinly slice remaining 3 scallions and julienne remaining ginger. Discard turkey bones. Serve jook sprinkled with scallions and ginger. Simmer rice, 3 scallions, turkey carcass (break into pieces if necessary), half of ginger, and water in a 6-to 8-quart heavy pot, covered, stirring occasionally, until soup has a creamy, porridge-like consistency, 50  <END>
INPUT: Mexican, cocktail, syrup, clover honey, Peel lime, brewed tea, rum, lime juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: White Tea and Rum Cocktail with Honey-Lime Syrup | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup clover honey; Peel of 1 lime; 2 ounces brewed white tea, cooled; 1 ounce white rum; 1/2 ounce fresh lime juice; 1 lime slice, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: For the honey-lime syrup: Bring the honey, lime peel and 1 cup water to a boil in a small saucepan; cook until reduced slightly. Transfer the syrup to a container with a lid and refrigerate until cold, about 30 minutes. Remove the peel before using. (Makes about 1 1/3 cups; cover and refrigerate extra syrup for up to 1 week.) For the white tea and rum cocktail: Combine the tea, rum, lime juice, 1/2 ounce of the honey-lime syrup and some ice cubes in a cocktail shaker. Shake for 10 seconds. Strain into a martini glass and serve straight-up. Float a lime slice on top. <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, sauce, kabocha squash acorn, delicata squash, virgin olive oil, cumin seeds, Kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Squash with Lemon-Tahini Sauce | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 1 small kabocha squash or large acorn squash (1 pound), scrubbed; 1 1-pound delicata squash, scrubbed, cut into 1"-thick wedges or rings, seeded; 7 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, divided; 1 1/2 teaspoons cumin seeds, divided; Kosher salt, freshly ground pepper; 4 scallions, cut into 2" pieces; 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 1 tablespoon tahini (sesame seed paste); Aleppo pepper or crushed red pepper flakes; Ingredient info: Tahini is available at Middle Eastern markets, natural foods stores, and some supermarkets | INSTRUCTIONS: Arrange racks in upper and lower thirds of oven; preheat to 425°F. Place kabocha on a rimmed baking sheet and delicata on a second sheet. Divide 3 tablespoons oil and 1 1/4 teaspoons cumin between sheets. Season squash with salt and pepper; toss. Roast for 15 minutes. Combine remaining 1/4 teaspoon cumin, 1 tablespoon oil, and scallions in a small bowl; season with salt and pepper and toss to evenly coat. Scatter scallion mixture over squash, dividing evenly between sheets, and continue to roast until squash is tender but not mushy, about 15 minutes longer (time may vary depending on squash).  <END>
INPUT: Indian, coconut milk, tomatoes, wine, Thai curry paste, basil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Red Curry Mussels | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 1 13.5 ounce can coconut milk; 1 cup canned crushed tomatoes; 1/2 cup dry white wine; 1 tablespoon Thai red curry paste; 4 tablespoons chopped fresh basil, divided; 1/2 medium red onion, thinly sliced; 1 carrot, peeled, julienned; 1 celery stalk, thinly sliced on a diagonal; Kosher salt; Freshly ground black pepper; 2 pounds mussels, scrubbed, debearded; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh flat-leaf parsley; Toasted country-style bread (for serving) | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring coconut milk, tomatoes, wine, curry paste, and 2 tablespoons basil to a boil in a Dutch oven or other large pot, stirring to incorporate curry paste. Reduce heat and add onion, carrot, and celery; season with salt and pepper. Bring liquid to a simmer, cover pot, and cook until vegetables are crisp-tender, about 4 minutes. Using a slotted spoon, transfer vegetables to a medium bowl and set aside. Return liquid in pot to a simmer. Add mussels to pot, cover, and cook, shaking pot occasionally, until shells open (discard any mussels that do not open), about 4 minutes. Divide mussels and cook <END>
INPUT: pancakes, chicken cutlets, Salt taste, pepper, all purpose flour, Canola oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pancakes Stuffed with Fried Chicken | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 chicken cutlets (remove skin); Salt to taste; Black pepper, to taste; 1 pound all-purpose flour; 2 cups Canola oil; 11/2 cups self rising flour; 1 teaspoon baking powder; 1 cup old fashioned oats; 1 teaspoon baking soda; 4 tablespoons sugar; 1 teaspoon salt; 3 cups buttermilk; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; 2 large eggs; 4 ounces melted sweet butter | INSTRUCTIONS: Cut each chicken cutlet into 3 strips. Season chicken with salt and pepper. Dredge the chicken in flour and shake off excess flour. Pour oil into heavy iron skillet. Heat over moderately high heat. Place chicken strips into hot oil. Fry the chicken until bottom is golden brown. Using tongs, turn the chicken and brown on the other side. Lower the heat if necessary to avoid burning. Continue to cook the chicken turning once or twice until fully cooked (approximately) 5 to 7 minutes depending on size of chicken and temperature of oil.) Remove chicken from pan and drain well on paper towels.; In a <END>
INPUT: parm, sandwiches, tomatoes, Kosher salt, balsamic vinegar, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fried Green Tomato Parm Sandwiches | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 green tomatoes, cut into 1/2-inch-thick slices; Kosher salt, for seasoning; One 28-ounce can whole tomatoes, drained with seeds removed; 2 tablespoons balsamic vinegar; 1 tablespoon brown sugar; 1 tablespoon olive oil; All-purpose flour, for dredging; 4 large eggs, beaten; 4 cups panko bread crumbs; Freshly ground black pepper; Canola oil, for frying; Butter, for spreading; 4 soft brioche buns; 8 ounces Buratta cheese; 1 jar hot giardiniera, oil-packed | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Season both sides of the green tomato slices with salt and set aside; this will draw out some of the moisture. Toss the whole canned tomatoes with the vinegar, brown sugar, oil and a large pinch of salt. Place the whole tomatoes on a parchment-lined baking sheet. Bake until slightly caramelized and dried out a bit, about 20 minutes. Set aside. Set up a standard breading station with three shallow bowls, one with the flour, one with eggs and one with panko. Season the green tomato slices with black pepper. Dredge each tomato slice in the flour, shake off the e <END>
INPUT: Italian, venetian, shellfish, Shells from shrimp, Fish bones, Risotto alla Milanese, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Venetian Shellfish Risotto | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 - 2 pounds cooked shellfish (shrimp, clams, lobster, scallops, any combination you like); Shells from shrimp and lobster; Fish bones and heads; 1 recipe Risotto alla Milanese; 1 clove garlic, chopped; 6-7 tablespoons butter; Salt, pepper; 3 tablespoons chopped parsley; Grated Parmesan cheese | INSTRUCTIONS: Make a rich fish stock with the shells, fish bones and heads. Follow the recipe for risotto but add chopped garlic with the onion, and cook the rice in the strained fish broth. Heat the cooked shellfish in 4 tablespoons butter, season to taste and toss with the chopped parsley. Mix into the cooked risotto and add the remaining butter and grated Parmesan cheese. Make a rich fish stock with the shells, fish bones and heads. Follow the recipe for risotto but add chopped garlic with the onion, and cook the rice in the strained fish broth. Heat the cooked shellfish in 4 tablespoons butter, season t <END>
INPUT: sauce, olive oil, onion, garlic, bell pepper, wine
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tomato Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon olive oil; 1 small onion, diced (about 1/2 cup); 2 cloves garlic, minced (about 1 tablespoon); 1 small red bell pepper, diced (about 1/2 cup); 1 cup dry white wine; 2 sprigs fresh marjoram; 3 sprigs fresh thyme; 6 whole leaves fresh basil; 1 (15-ounce) can crushed tomatoes; 1 tablespoon tomato paste | INSTRUCTIONS: In medium saucepan over moderate heat, heat oil until hot but not smoking. Add onion, garlic, and pepper and sauté until just tender, 6 to 7 minutes. Add wine, marjoram, thyme, and basil and simmer, uncovered, until reduced by half, about 10 minutes. Add tomatoes, tomato paste, and 3/4 cup water to pot and simmer, stirring occasionally, until slightly thickened, about 30 minutes. (Sauce can be made ahead and refrigerated up to 3 days.) In medium saucepan over moderate heat, heat oil until hot but not smoking. Add onion, garlic, and pepper and sauté until just tender, 6 to 7 minutes. Add wine,  <END>
INPUT: biscuits, sugar, baking powder, kosher salt, baking soda, all purpose flour
OUTPUT: TITLE: Buttermilk Biscuits With Honey Butter | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon plus 1 1/2 teaspoons sugar; 4 teaspoons baking powder; 1 1/2 teaspoons kosher salt; 1/2 teaspoon baking soda; 3 cups all-purpose flour, plus more for surface; 3/4 cup plus 2 Tbsp. (1 3/4 sticks) chilled unsalted butter, cut into small cubes; 1 1/4 cups buttermilk; 1/2 cup (1 stick) unsalted butter, softened; 2 tablespoons honey; 2 teaspoons flaky sea salt, plus more for serving; A 2 1/2-inch-diameter round cutter or glass | INSTRUCTIONS: For the biscuits: Position rack in middle of oven and preheat to 425°F. Whisk sugar, baking powder, kosher salt, baking soda, and 3 cups flour in a large bowl. Cut in butter using a pastry cutter or 2 butter knives until pea-sized lumps form. Stir in buttermilk until a shaggy dough forms. Gather dough into a ball. On a lightly floured surface, press into an 8" square. Fold sides over like a letter. Turn 90º and fold sides again, forming a small square. Press or roll to an 8" square and repeat once, adding flour as needed to prevent sticking. Pat dough into a scant 3/4" round. Cut out rounds wi <END>
INPUT: salad, fennel bulb, Olive oil, Fleur de sel, organic orange, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Fennel Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 fennel bulb, fronds reserved; Olive oil, for frying; Fleur de sel (sea salt) and freshly ground black pepper; 1 organic orange; 1/2 small red onion; Handful small black olives; Handful toasted pine nuts; Zest and juice of 1 lemon | INSTRUCTIONS: Trim the fennel, reserving a handful of green fronds. Cut into slices about 1/4-inch thick. Heat a little olive oil in a saute pan, and, working in batches and seasoning with salt and pepper as you go, fry the fennel on both sides until golden and tender. As the fennel is done, arrange it on a serving platter. Zest the orange and set the zest aside. Remove the skin with a sharp knife, taking care to remove all the white pith from the fruit. Discard the peel. Cut out the orange sections, arranging over the fennel, and squeeze the orange juice over the whole salad. Slice the onion into paper thi <END>
INPUT: American, vixxxen, velvet, sugar, all purpose flour, cake flour, unsweetened cocoa, cayenne powder
OUTPUT: TITLE: Vixxxen: Red Hot Velvet Cupcakes with Fiery Cinnamon Cream Cheese Frosting | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups sugar; 1 1/4 cups all-purpose flour; 1 cup plus 2 tablespoons cake flour; 1/2 cup unsweetened cocoa; 2 teaspoons cayenne powder; 1 1/2 teaspoons fine salt; 1 teaspoon baking soda; 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1 1/2 cups canola oil; 2 eggs; 1 ounce red liquid food coloring; 2 teaspoons vanilla extract; 1 cup buttermilk; 2 sticks butter, at room temperature; 4 ounces cream cheese, at room temperature | INSTRUCTIONS: For the cupcakes: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line a muffin pan with 24 regular-size cupcake liners. In a medium bowl, combine the sugar, all-purpose flour, cake flour, cocoa, cayenne powder, salt, baking soda and cinnamon. Set the bowl aside. In the bowl of an electric stand mixer fitted with a paddle attachment, beat the oil and eggs on low speed until combined. Add the red food coloring and vanilla extract. Continue beating until the mixture is well combined. Turn the mixer to the lowest speed and add the flour mixture and buttermilk, alternating between the two, beginning and ending <END>
INPUT: rubbed, gravy, porcini mushrooms, turkey, low salt chicken, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Porcini-Rubbed Turkey with Shiitake-Madeira Gravy | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 ounce dried porcini mushrooms; 2 tablespoons (1/4 stick) unsalted butter, room temperature; 1 14-pound turkey; neck, heart, and gizzard reserved for stock; 4 cups low-salt chicken broth; 1 large onion, cut into 8 pieces; 4 medium carrots, coarsely chopped; 4 garlic cloves, peeled; 2 tablespoons vegetable oil; 6 cups Turkey Stock; 7 tablespoons unsalted butter, room temperature; 1/4 cup all purpose flour; 1 pound fresh shiitake mushrooms, stemmed, caps sliced; 1/2 cup Madeira | INSTRUCTIONS: For turkey: Grind dried porcini in processor until almost reduced to powder, with some larger bits remaining, about 4 minutes. Transfer to sieve. Shake powdered porcini into bowl; mix in 2 tablespoons butter. Reserve larger bits in sieve. Rinse turkey inside and out; pat dry with paper towels. Place turkey on small rack set in large roasting pan. Rub porcini butter over outside of turkey; sprinkle with salt and pepper. Bring porcini bits and chicken broth to boil in small saucepan. Remove from heat; reserve for basting. (Turkey and porcini broth can be made 1 day ahead. Cover separately; chill <END>
INPUT: crusted, oil sun tomatoes, garlic, shallots, oregano, olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sun-Dried Tomato and Garlic-Crusted Rack of Lamb | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 6- to 7-ounce jars oil-packed sun-dried tomatoes with herbs, drained well, oil reserved; 8 large garlic cloves, peeled; 2 large shallots, peeled, halved; 1 tablespoon dried oregano; 3 tablespoons olive oil; 4 garlic cloves, peeled; 3 large fresh rosemary sprigs; 2 2-pound racks of lamb (8 chops each), trimmed, frenched | INSTRUCTIONS: Tomato and garlic crust: Preheat oven to 350°F. Place 1/4 cup reserved tomato oil, garlic, and shallots in small baking dish; sprinkle with salt and pepper and cover with foil. Bake until garlic is tender, about 45 minutes. Transfer garlic mixture to processor. Add tomatoes and oregano. Blend until paste forms. Season with salt and pepper. DO AHEAD: Can be made 2 days ahead. Transfer to bowl, cover, and chill. Preheat oven to 350°F. Place 1/4 cup reserved tomato oil, garlic, and shallots in small baking dish; sprinkle with salt and pepper and cover with foil. Bake until garlic is tender, about <END>
INPUT: cherries, sugar, balsamic vinegar, peaches
OUTPUT: TITLE: Peaches with Balsamic Cherries | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 pound cherries, halved and pitted; 2 tablespoons sugar, plus more to taste; 2 tablespoons balsamic vinegar; 1 pound peaches, sliced | INSTRUCTIONS: In a small saucepan, stir together the cherries, sugar and balsamic vinegar, and place over a medium heat. Bring to a boil and continue to cook for 5 minutes, stirring occasionally. In a medium bowl toss the warm cherries and syrup with the sliced peaches, add more sugar to taste and serve. <END>
INPUT: smashed, unpeeled Yukon Gold, garlic, virgin olive oil, sour cream
OUTPUT: TITLE: Garlic-Smashed Potatoes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 3/4 pounds small unpeeled Yukon Gold potatoes (about 16), scrubbed; 6 large garlic cloves, peeled; 1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil; 2 tablespoons (1/4 stick) butter; 1/2 cup sour cream; 3 tablespoons chopped fresh chives | INSTRUCTIONS: Generously butter glass pie dish. Cook potatoes and garlic in medium pot of boiling salted water until potatoes are tender, about 15 minutes. Drain; let stand 5 minutes. Discard garlic. Arrange potatoes close together in prepared dish. Using wooden spoon, smash potatoes coarsely until they split open. Drizzle with oil; dot with butter. Sprinkle with salt and pepper. Preheat broiler. Broil potatoes until crisp and golden, watching closely to avoid burning, 8 to 10 minutes. Top with dollops of sour cream; sprinkle with chives. Generously butter glass pie dish. Cook potatoes and garlic in medium  <END>
INPUT: Italian, stewed, olive oil, onion, garlic, beans, tomato juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Stewed Green Beans with Tomato and Oregano | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1 medium onion, thinly sliced; 2 garlic cloves, thinly sliced; 2 pounds green beans, ends trimmed; 2 cups tomato juice; 1 1/2 teaspoons salt; 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 1 bunch oregano, leaves only, chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat the olive oil in a medium skillet over medium-low heat. Cook the onion and garlic until soft, about 7 minutes. Add the green beans along with the tomato juice, salt and pepper. Stir well, cover and cook, stirring every 5 minutes, until the beans are tender and wilted, about 30 minutes. Stir in the fresh oregano and cook an additional 5 minutes. Serve hot. <END>
INPUT: Asian, vinaigrette, broccolini, Kosher salt, sesame seeds, pepper flakes more, vegetable oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Broccolini with Spicy Sesame Vinaigrette | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 2 bunches broccolini (1 pound); Kosher salt; 2 tablespoons plus 1 teaspoon toasted white sesame seeds; 1/2 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes plus more to taste; 2 tablespoons plus 1 teaspoon vegetable oil; 1 tablespoon toasted sesame oil; 1 tablespoon distilled white vinegar; 2 teaspoons minced garlic; Freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook broccolini in a large pot of salted boiling water until crisp-tender, about 3 minutes. Transfer to a large bowl of ice water. Drain and dry well. Halve broccolini, if desired. Place in a large bowl. Finely chop 2 tablespoons sesame seeds and 1/2 teaspoon red pepper flakes in a spice grinder (or finely chop with a knife). Transfer to a small bowl; stir in both oils, vinegar, and garlic. Season with salt and pepper. Drizzle over broccolini; toss to coat. Transfer to a platter; sprinkle with remaining 1 teaspoon sesame seeds and more red pepper flakes, if desired. Cook broccolini in a large  <END>
INPUT: American, gratin, chicken broth, heavy, garlic, sage leaves, center ham steak
OUTPUT: TITLE: Ham, Cheddar and Potato Gratin | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cups chicken broth; 1/2 cup heavy (double) cream; 3 cloves garlic; 5 or 6 fresh sage leaves, chopped, or 1 teaspoon dried sage; 1 center-cut ham steak, about 1 1/4 pounds, or 1 1/4 pounds good quality baked ham, cut into slices about 1/2-inch thick; 4 large baking potatoes, about 3 pounds total weight, peeled and thinly sliced; 1/2 pound sharp cheddar cheese, finely shredded; Ground pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat an oven to 375 degrees. Butter a shallow 3 quart baking dish. In a small saucepan, combine the broth, cream, garlic, and sage. Bring to a boil, then reduce the heat to low and simmer, uncovered, for 15 minutes. Meanwhile, trim any fat from the ham steak, if using, and remove and discard the center bone. Cut the ham steak of baked ham into 1/2-inch dice. Arrange 1/3 of the potatoes in a layer on the bottom of the prepared dish. Top with half of the diced ham and 1/3 of the shredded cheese. Repeat the layers of potatoes, diced ham, and shredded cheese. Top with the remaining potatoes and <END>
INPUT: American, tart, honeyed, all purpose flour, granulated sugar, salt, unsalted butter, apple cider vinegar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Goat Cheese Tart With Honeyed Apricots | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/4 cups all-purpose flour, plus more for dusting; 1 tablespoon granulated sugar; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1 stick cold unsalted butter, diced, plus more for the pan; 1 teaspoon apple cider vinegar; 6 ounces goat cheese, at room temperature; 1/3 cup plus 1 tablespoon granulated sugar; 3 large eggs, separated, plus 1 egg yolk; 2 tablespoons cornstarch; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; 2 teaspoons cognac or brandy; Pinch of salt; 3 tablespoons granulated sugar; 2 tablespoons honey; Pinch of cinnamon | INSTRUCTIONS: Make the crust: Pulse the flour, granulated sugar and salt in a food processor until combined. Add one-third of the butter and pulse until incorporated. Add the remaining butter and pulse until the mixture looks like coarse meal with bits of butter throughout, about 3 pulses. Add the vinegar and 3 tablespoons ice water; pulse 3 or 4 more times to combine. Squeeze the dough between your fingers; if it doesn't hold its shape, add 1 more tablespoon ice water and pulse again. Pat the dough into a disk, wrap in plastic wrap and refrigerate at least 1 hour. Position a rack in the lower third of the  <END>
INPUT: Mexican, butternut squash, bacon, lime juice, Tabasco
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spicy Butternut Squash with Bacon and Lime | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 small butternut squash, peeled, seeded, and cut into 1/2-inch cubes; 3 slices bacon; 2 teaspoons fresh lime juice; 1/2 teaspoon Tabasco, or to taste | INSTRUCTIONS: Steam squash on a streamer rack set over boiling water, covered, until tender, about 5 to 8 minutes. In a skillet cook bacon over moderate heat until crisp, reserving 2 teaspoons bacon fat. Crumble bacon into a bowl and toss with squash, juice, Tabasco, reserved bacon fat, and salt and pepper to taste. Steam squash on a streamer rack set over boiling water, covered, until tender, about 5 to 8 minutes. In a skillet cook bacon over moderate heat until crisp, reserving 2 teaspoons bacon fat. Crumble bacon into a bowl and toss with squash, juice, Tabasco, reserved bacon fat, and salt and pepper to <END>
INPUT: salad, horseradish, balsamic vinegar, Dijon Mustard, olive oil, cabbage
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roast Beef Salad with Cabbage and Horseradish | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons prepared white horseradish; 2 tablespoons plus 1 teaspoon balsamic vinegar; 2 1/4 teaspoons Dijon Mustard; 6 tablespoons olive oil; 4 cups finely shredded red cabbage; 6 ounces thinly sliced roast beef, cut crosswise into strips; 1 cup coarsely grated peeled celery root (celeriac); 1/2 cup thinly sliced red onion; 1/2 cup crumbled Roquefort cheese; Chopped fresh parsley | INSTRUCTIONS: Whisk first 3 ingredients in small bowl to blend. Gradually whisk in 5 tablespoons olive oil. Heat remaining 1 tablespoon oil in large nonstick skillet over medium-high heat. Add cabbage and sauté just until wilted, about 3 minutes. Transfer to large bowl; cool completely. Mix roast beef, celery root, onion, cheese and dressing into cabbage. Season with salt and pepper. Divide salad between 2 plates. Sprinkle with parsley. Whisk first 3 ingredients in small bowl to blend. Gradually whisk in 5 tablespoons olive oil. Heat remaining 1 tablespoon oil in large nonstick skillet over medium-high heat <END>
INPUT: mighty, kosher salt, pineapple orange juice, peppercorns, thyme, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mighty Duck | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup kosher salt; 1 pint pineapple orange juice; 15 whole black peppercorns; 1 bunch fresh thyme; 4 cloves garlic, smashed; 1 (5 1/2 to 6 pound) frozen Long Island Duck, thawed; 2 handfuls shredded chard; 2 shallots, minced; Dash sherry or balsamic vinegar | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine all brine ingredients in a plastic container with a lid. Place the lid on the container and shake to dissolve the salt. Remove the pop-up thermometer, liver, gizzards, and heart. Cut off the wings. Using kitchen shears, locate the spine at the base of the neck. Cut up the line of the backbone towards the neck cavity. Turn the duck and cut straight towards the rear cavity. Remove the backbone. Turn the duck over and cut straight down the middle of the breast bone, leaving 2 equal duck halves. To separate the legs from the breast, flip your halves over so the flesh side is facing up at y <END>
INPUT: salad, bell pepper, onion, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Black-Eyed Pea Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: One (#10 can) black-eyed peas, rinsed and drained; 1/2 red bell pepper, seeded and finely chopped, optional; 1/2 green bell pepper, seeded and finely chopped, optional; 1/2 to 1 small or medium red onion, chopped; 1 clove garlic, peeled and finely minced; 3/4 cup chopped flat-leaf Italian parsley; 1/2 fresh jalapeno, very finely minced; 1/4 cup olive oil; 1/4 cup canola oil; 1/3 cup red wine vinegar; 1 tablespoon whole-grain mustard; 1 tablespoon brown mustard; 1/2 tablespoon salt; 1/2 tablespoon ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large salad bowl, combine the black-eyed peas, red and green bell peppers, onion, garlic, parsley and jalapeno. In a medium bowl, whisk together the olive oil, canola oil, vinegar, whole-grain mustard, brown mustard, salt and pepper. Pour over the salad mixture and toss well. <END>
INPUT: Italian, risotto, olive oil, shrimp, heavy cream, tomatoes, shrimp stock
OUTPUT: TITLE: Shrimp and Tomato Risotto | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1/2 pound shrimp, peeled and deveined; 1/4 cup heavy cream; 1 cup canned tomatoes; 5 cups shrimp stock, recipe follows; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, plus 2 teaspoons; 1/2 cup finely minced shallots; 1 cup arborio rice; 1/2 cup white wine; 4 teaspoons kosher salt; 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 2 tablespoons chiffonade fresh basil leaves; 2 tablespoons finely chopped Italian parsley leaves, plus 1/4 cup, chopped for garnish; 2 tablespoons grated Parmesan; 1 teaspoon minced garlic | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: food processor For the shrimp cream: Heat the olive oil in a pan over medium heat and saute the shrimp until just opaque, about 2 minutes. In a food processor, puree the shrimp, heavy cream, and tomatoes until smooth. For the risotto: In a small pot bring the shrimp stock to a boil over high heat. Reduce the heat and keep warm. Heat 2 tablespoons unsalted butter in a heavy bottomed saucepan over medium heat, add the shallots and saute until soft. Add the arborio rice and stir until it is coated with butter, about 1 to 2 minutes. Turn the heat to high and add the white wine,  <END>
INPUT: mashed, russet, milk, unsalted butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mashed Potatoes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 pounds russet (baking) potatoes, scrubbed; 1/3 cup milk; 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted | INSTRUCTIONS: In a kettle combine the potatoes with enough cold water to cover them by 2 inches, bring the water to a boil, and add salt to taste. Simmer the potatoes for 1 hour, or until they are tender, drain them, and return them to the kettle. Steam the potatoes, covered, shaking the kettle, for 30 seconds, or until they are dry. Peel the potatoes while they are still warm, force them through a ricer or a food mill fitted with the coarse disk into a bowl, and beat in the milk, scalded, the butter, and salt and pepper to taste. Transfer the potatoes to a heated serving dish. In a kettle combine the potat <END>
INPUT: Asian, rolls, Oil, onion, garlic, cabbage
OUTPUT: TITLE: Crab Spring Rolls | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: Oil, for frying; 3/4 cup onion, chopped; 1 tablespoon garlic, minced; 6 cups green cabbage, shredded; 2 cups red cabbage, shredded; 3/4 cups green onion, chopped; 1/4 cup carrot, finely grated; 3 tablespoons oyster sauce; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 pound lump crabmeat; 1 package spring roll wrappers; 1 egg, beaten for egg wash; Pickled Ginger Vinaigrette, recipe follows; 20 grams bonito base (dashi) (stock made from dried tuna flakes); 2 1/2 cups granulated sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: In a deep-fryer or Dutch oven, add oil to fill 2/3 of the way and preheat to 375 degrees F. In a saute pan, add the 2 tablespoons oil. Add onion and garlic, and cook for 2 minutes over medium-high heat. Add cabbages, green onion, carrot, oyster sauce and salt and pepper, to taste. Cook over high heat for about 2 to 3 minutes. Remove from the heat, drain excess liquid, and cool. Fold in crabmeat and mix to combine. Separate the sheets of spring roll wrappers, and keep under a slightly damp towel. Place 2 tablespoons of crabmeat filling on the wrapper. Fold nearest edge of wrapper over filling;  <END>
INPUT: fashioned, orange, sugar, syrup from maraschino, shots bourbon, dashes orange bitters
OUTPUT: TITLE: Orange Old Fashioned | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 orange, cut into 6 slices, plus more for garnish; 2 tablespoons sugar; 2 tablespoons syrup from a jar of maraschino cherries; 4 shots bourbon (recommended: Bulleit); 4 dashes orange bitters; Sparkling water | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. In a pitcher combine the orange slices, sugar, and cherry syrup. Muddle with a wooden spoon or a muddler, until the sugar is dissolved and the juice is extracted from the oranges. Add the bourbon, and bitters and mix well. Pour into 4 low-ball glasses filled with ice, and top each with sparkling water. Garnish with an orange slice and serve. <END>
INPUT: latkes, russet potatoes, onion, matzo meal, egg, baking powder
OUTPUT: TITLE: Potato Latkes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 pounds russet potatoes; 1 small yellow onion; 3 tablespoons matzo meal; 1 large egg, lightly beaten; 1/4 teaspoon baking powder; 2 teaspoons kosher salt; Vegetable oil, for frying; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh herbs, such as chives or parsley, for garnish; Sour cream, for serving; Spiced Apple-Pear Sauce, for serving, recipe follows; 3 McIntosh apples, peeled, cored and chopped into 1/2-inch pieces; 3 ripe Bartlett pears, peeled, cored and chopped into 1/2-inch pieces; 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice; 6 cinnamon sticks; 1/4 teaspoon ground nutmeg | INSTRUCTIONS: Peel the potatoes and shred them in a food processor fitted with the shredding blade; transfer the potatoes to a large bowl as the food processor fills up. Repeat with the onion. Transfer the onion to the bowl with the potatoes and stir in the matzo meal, egg, baking powder and salt. Fill a large skillet with 1/2 inch oil. Heat over medium-high heat until the oil is very hot but not smoking. To test if the oil is hot enough, drop a small piece of potato into the oil; if the potato sizzles steadily, the oil is ready. Working in batches, scoop the potato mixture by 1/4-cupfuls and add them caref <END>
INPUT: American, sauce, New York strip, Kosher salt pepper, shallot, boxed wine, unsalted butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Steak with Red Wine-Shallot Sauce | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 1-pound New York strip steak (about 1-inch thick); Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper; 1 large shallot, minced; 3/4 cup boxed red wine; 2 to 3 tablespoons cold unsalted butter, cubed | INSTRUCTIONS: Remove the steak from the refrigerator 30 minutes before cooking. Heat a large heavy-bottomed skillet over medium-high heat. Pat the steak dry and season generously with salt and pepper on all sides. Place the steak, standing up on the strip of fat, in the pan and hold it with tongs until the fat renders and the pan is slick, about 2 minutes. Place the steak flat in the pan and sear until deep brown on one side, 4 to 5 minutes. Turn and cook on the other side until a thermometer inserted sideways into the thickest part registers 120 degrees for medium-rare, 3 to 4 more minutes. Transfer to a c <END>
INPUT: Italian, dumplings, virgin olive oil, onions, garlic, Salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Parmesan Arugula Dumplings | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil; 1/2 cup minced white onions; 2 medium garlic cloves, thinly sliced; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 (28 ounce) can diced tomatoes with juices; 1/2 teaspoon granulated sugar, optional; 8 ounces baby arugula; 1/2 cup whole milk; 2 large eggs; 4 ounces day-old crustless French or white bread, finely chopped; 3/4 cup grated Parmesan; 1 to 2 teaspoons kosher salt; 1/2 cup all-purpose flour; 1/8 teaspoon freshly ground nutmeg; 1 cup shredded mozzarella | INSTRUCTIONS: For the sauce: Heat the oil in a medium saucepan over medium heat. When it shimmers, add the onion and garlic and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper. Cook, stirring occasionally, until the onions are soft and golden, about 5 minutes. Add the tomatoes and sugar, bring to a simmer, and cook, stirring frequently, until slightly thickened, about 10 minutes. Taste, adjust seasoning, if needed, and set aside. For the dumplings: Bring a medium pot of heavily salted water to boil over high heat. Add the arugula and blanch, about 30 seconds. Remove arugula with a slotted spoon, drain, and <END>
INPUT: salad, mandarin oranges, olive oil, wine vinegar, beets, mint
OUTPUT: TITLE: Beet and Mandarin Orange Salad with Mint | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 can mandarin oranges, drain reserving 2 tablespoons juice; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar; 1 can sliced beets, drained; 1 sprig mint, leaves torn | INSTRUCTIONS: Drain 1 small can of mandarin oranges, reserving 2 tablespoons juice from can. In a mixing bowl, combine the juice, olive oil and red wine vinegar. Add beets and oranges and toss to combine. Top with mint. <END>
INPUT: American, bluesiana, burger, mayonnaise, horseradish, Worcestershire sauce, grain mustard, hot pepper sauce
OUTPUT: TITLE: Bluesiana Burger | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup mayonnaise; 2 tablespoons prepared horseradish; 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce; 1 tablespoon whole grain mustard; 1 tablespoon hot pepper sauce (recommend: Tabasco); 1 teaspoon red pepper flakes; 3 cups Napa cabbage, shredded thin; 1/2 cup purple cabbage, shredded thin; 1/2 cup red onion, sliced very thin; 1/2 cup yellow bell pepper, sliced very thin; 1/4 cup sugar cane vinegar; 1 tablespoon whole grain mustard; 1/2 cup extra-virgin olive oil (recommend: Colavita); 1 cup mild blue cheese (crumbled small); 1 teaspoon kosher salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Prepare a medium-hot fire in a charcoal grill with a cover or preheat a gas grill to medium-high. Zydco Sauce: To make the sauce, combine mayonnaise, horseradish, Worcestershire sauce, mixing whole grain, pepper sauce and red pepper flakes in a bowl mixing well; cover and refrigerate. To make the slaw, combine the Napa cabbage, purple cabbage, red onion, fennel and yellow pepper in a bowl and chill. Prepare the slaw dressing by combining the sugar cane vinegar, whole grain mustard and slowly incorporate the extra-virgin olive oil while whisking. Refrigerate the dressing. 15 minutes before serv <END>
INPUT: macaroons, coconut, condensed milk, pure vanilla extract, egg whites, kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Coconut Macaroons | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 14 ounces sweetened shredded coconut; 14 ounces sweetened condensed milk; 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract; 2 extra-large egg whites, at room temperature; 1/4 teaspoon kosher salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Combine the coconut, condensed milk, and vanilla in a large bowl. Whip the egg whites and salt on high speed in the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the whisk attachment until they make medium-firm peaks. Carefully fold the egg whites into the coconut mixture. Drop the batter onto sheet pans lined with parchment paper using either a 1 3/4-inch diameter ice cream scoop, or 2 teaspoons. Bake for 25 to 30 minutes, until golden brown. Cool and serve. <END>
INPUT: French, olive oil, pork chops, unsalted butter, shallots, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pork Chops with Mustard and Cream | CUISINE: French | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons olive oil; 4 pork chops (1-inch thick; about 10-ounces each); 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 2 tablespoons chopped shallots; 1 small clove garlic, minced; 2 tablespoons brandy; 1 cup heavy cream; 1/4 cup Dijon mustard; Squeeze of fresh lemon juice; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, to taste; 2 teaspoons mixed chopped fresh herbs, such as chives, flat-leaf parsley, tarragon, and/or chervil leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: In a skillet large enough to hold the pork chops in a single layer, heat the oil over medium-high heat until it just begins to smoke. Add the chops and saute until well browned on each side, 4 to 5 minutes per side. Transfer to a platter and cover to keep warm. Discard the oil in the skillet, then wipe out the skillet with a paper towel. Set over medium heat and add the butter. When it's melted, add the shallots and garlic and saute until aromatic but not browned, about 1 minute. Remove the skillet from the heat and add the brandy; be careful here, because the brandy may ignite. Add the cream  <END>
INPUT: salad, carrots, radishes, handful mint leaves, handful cilantro leaves, navel oranges
OUTPUT: TITLE: Carrot, Orange and Radish Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 carrots; 6 radishes (or 4-inch piece daikon radish); 1 handful fresh mint leaves; 1 handful fresh cilantro leaves; 2 navel oranges; 1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1/2 teaspoon sugar; 1/2 lemon, juiced; 1 teaspoon orange flower water; Kosher salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Slice carrots and radishes as thinly as possible and add to a large bowl. Add mint and cilantro. Remove the peel and pith from the oranges. Working over a bowl to catch the juice, cut between the membranes to remove the orange segments; add them to the carrots. Squeeze the membrane to extract the rest of the juice and add the cinnamon, sugar, lemon juice, orange flower water, and salt, to taste. Mix to dissolve sugar and salt. Pour over the carrot mixture and gently toss to coat. The salad can be served immediately but allowing it to sit for 1 or 2 hours will help the flavors to blend. Just be <END>
INPUT: soup, cannellini beans, onions, good olive oil, garlic, branch rosemary
OUTPUT: TITLE: Rosemary White Bean Soup | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound dried white cannellini beans; 4 cups sliced yellow onions (3 onions); 1/4 cup good olive oil; 2 garlic cloves, minced; 1 large branch fresh rosemary (6 to 7 inches); 2 quarts chicken stock; 1 bay leaf; 2 teaspoons kosher salt; 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: In a medium bowl, cover the beans with water by at least 1-inch and leave them in the refrigerator for 6 hours or overnight. Drain. In a large stockpot over low to medium heat, saute the onions with the olive oil until the onions are translucent, 10 to 15 minutes. Add the garlic and cook over low heat for 3 more minutes. Add the drained white beans, rosemary, chicken stock, and bay leaf. Cover, bring to a boil, and simmer for 30 to 40 minutes, until the beans are very soft. Remove the rosemary branch and the bay leaf. Pass the soup through the coarsest blade of a food mill, or place in the bow <END>
INPUT: French, dijon, slaw, chicken legs, chicken thighs, breasts wing attached, yogurt, sambal
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spicy Fried Chicken with Dijon Slaw | CUISINE: French | INGREDIENTS: 4 chicken legs, rinsed and patted dry; 4 chicken thighs, rinsed and patted dry; 4 breasts with the wing attached, rinsed and patted dry; 4 cups yogurt (may substitute with buttermilk); 1/4 cup sambal; 2 tablespoons garlic, finely minced; 1 tablespoon ginger, finely minced; 2 tablespoons honey; 1/4 cup naturally brewed soy sauce; 1 tablespoon coarse ground black pepper; 2 lemons, juiced; 3 cups panko bread crumbs; 1 tablespoon togarashi; 1 tablespoon paprika; 2 tablespoons sesame seeds | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large bowl, mix together the yogurt, sambal, garlic, ginger, honey, soy, black pepper and lemon juice. Mix chicken in the bowl and let marinate at least 4 hours, preferable overnight. In another large bowl, mix together the panko, togarashi, paprika, sesame seeds and cumin. Pull the chicken out of the marinade and season lightly with salt. Place chicken in panko bowl and completely coat the chicken. Heat oil to 350 degrees and fry until brown. May have to do heat transfer on the larger pieces, (Pulling the chicken out of the fryer and resting for 3 to 5 minutes, before finishing the fryin <END>
INPUT: thumbprint, cookies, unsalted roasted peanuts, old fashioned rolled, all purpose flour, fine salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Peanut Butter and Jelly Thumbprint Cookies | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Nonstick cooking spray; 1 cup unsalted roasted peanuts; 1 cup old-fashioned rolled oats; 1 cup all-purpose flour; 1/4 teaspoon fine salt; 1 stick (8 tablespoons) unsalted butter, at room temperature; 3/4 cup sugar; 1 large egg; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; 3/4 cup of your favorite jelly (I like grape) | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line two baking sheets with parchment paper and spray with nonstick cooking spray. Pulse the peanuts in a food processor until they are a fine meal. Add the oats, flour and salt and process until blended. Transfer to a bowl. In the food processor, combine the butter and sugar and process until light and fluffy. With the motor running, add the egg and vanilla. Process until smooth. Add half of the dry ingredients back into the processor and pulse to combine. Add the remaining half and pulse again until combined. Drop the cookie dough by the tablespoonful (I us <END>
INPUT: Asian, bacon, onion, ginger, mild flavored
OUTPUT: TITLE: Molasses Baked Beans with Ginger | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 4 slices thick-cut bacon, cut crosswise into 1-inch pieces; 1 1/2 cups chopped onion; 1/3 cup minced peeled fresh ginger; 2 (28-ounce) cans original flavor baked beans; 1/2 cup mild-flavored (light) molasses; 2 tablespoons plus 2 teaspoons apple cider vinegar or distilled white vinegar | INSTRUCTIONS: Set oven rack in lower middle position; preheat to 325°F. Heat heavy large pot over medium-high heat. Add bacon; cook until crisp, stirring often. Transfer to paper towels to drain. Pour off all but 2 tablespoons drippings from pot. Add onion; sauté until beginning to soften, about 5 minutes. Add ginger; sauté 1 minute. Stir in beans with juice, molasses, vinegar, and bacon; bring to simmer. Transfer to 11x7x2-inch glass baking dish. DO AHEAD Can be made 1 day ahead. Cover and chill. Bake until top is dark brown and bubbling, about 2 hours. Let stand 15 minutes; serve. Set oven rack in lower m <END>
INPUT: almost, instant, old fashioned oats, all purpose flour, sugar, baking powder, baking soda
OUTPUT: TITLE: Almost Instant Pancake Mix | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup old-fashioned oats; 3 cups all-purpose flour; 1/4 cup sugar; 2 tablespoons baking powder; 2 teaspoons baking soda; 3/4 teaspoon kosher salt; 1/2 teaspoon finely grated lemon zest; 3/4 cup vegetable oil; 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice; 1 cup pancake mix; 1/3 cup milk; 1 large egg; Butter or nonstick cooking spray, for coating the skillet; Suggested toppings: maple syrup, butter, sliced banana, blueberries, honey | INSTRUCTIONS: For the pancake mix: Put the oats in the bowl of a food processor and pulse a few times until chopped. Add the flour, sugar, baking powder, baking soda, salt and lemon zest and pulse a few more times to combine. Add the oil and lemon juice and pulse to moisten the dry ingredients. Store in a resealable plastic container in the refrigerator for up to 2 weeks. For the pancakes: Whisk together the pancake mix, milk and egg in a medium bowl until combined. Heat a large nonstick skillet over medium heat. Lightly coat the skillet with a bit of butter or cooking spray. Drop 1/4 cup batter per pancake <END>
INPUT: Mexican, taco, casserole, vegetable oil, beef, chili powder, cumin, oregano
OUTPUT: TITLE: Beef and Bean Taco Casserole | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, plus more for greasing dish; 1 1/2 pounds ground beef; 3 tablespoons chili powder; 1 1/2 teaspoons ground cumin; 1 teaspoon dried oregano; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 medium onion, finely diced; 4 cloves garlic, minced; One 15-ounce can pinto beans, strained and rinsed; 2 cups jarred tomato salsa, plus more for serving; 6 cups yellow corn tortilla chips (about 5 ounces), plus more for serving; 3 cups shredded Cheddar and Monterey jack blend; 1 cup sour cream, stirred well for easy dolloping; 1 cup shredded iceberg lettuce; 2 plum tomatoes, diced | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Lightly oil a 9-by-13-inch casserole dish. Heat the oil in a large skillet over high heat. When the oil is shimmering, add the beef and sprinkle with the chili powder, cumin, oregano, 1 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of pepper. Cook, breaking up the meat into smaller pieces, until browned, about 5 minutes. Add the onions and garlic and cook until the onions are soft, about 5 minutes more. Add the beans, salsa and 1/2 cup water and bring to a simmer; cook until the sauce thickens and coats the meat, about 5 minutes. Add salt and pepper to taste. (This beef-and <END>
INPUT: Asian, soup, long cilantro stems, garlic, piece ginger, peppercorns, vegetable oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken and Ginger Soup | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 12 long fresh cilantro stems; 6 garlic cloves, peeled; 1 2-inch piece peeled fresh ginger, chopped, plus matchstick-size strips for garnish; 10 white peppercorns; 3 tablespoons vegetable oil; 1/2 cup Chinese rice wine; 6 tablespoons oyster sauce; 6 tablespoons yellow bean sauce; 1/4 cup sugar; 8 cups low-salt chicken broth; 4 large organic or free-range chicken thighs with skin and bones, rinsed; 4 large organic or free-range chicken drumsticks, rinsed; Chopped green onions; Red jalapeño chile rings | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350°F. Grind cilantro stems, garlic, chopped ginger, and peppercorns in mini processor to paste. Heat oil in large ovenproof pot over medium-low heat. Add paste; sauté until beginning to color, about 7 minutes. Add rice wine, increase heat, and boil 2 minutes. Stir in oyster sauce, yellow bean sauce, and sugar, then add broth. Add chicken pieces to pot. Bring soup to simmer. Cover and place in oven until chicken is tender, about 50 minutes. Remove soup from oven and let stand, covered, 10 minutes. Transfer chicken pieces to plate. Remove skin and bones. Cut chicken into bite-si <END>
INPUT: portobellos, filled, sized portobello caps, Olive oil, Salt pepper, Wild Rice Pilaf, Piquillo Pepper Vinaigrette
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Portobellos Filled with Wild Rice-Almond Pilaf and Piquillo Pepper Vinaigrette | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 8 medium-sized portobello caps; Olive oil; Salt and pepper; Wild Rice Pilaf, recipe follows; Piquillo Pepper Vinaigrette, recipe follows; 1/3 cup sliced almonds, toasted; 1 1/2 cups wild rice; 3 cups chicken stock, plus 1/2 cup; 2 cups water; Salt; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1 Spanish onion, finely chopped; 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped; 1 cup dry white wine; 2 teaspoons finely chopped fresh thyme leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Heat grill to high. Brush both sides of mushrooms with oil and season with salt and pepper. Grill caps until golden brown on both sides and just cooked through, 10 to 12 minutes. Fill the caps with the wild rice pilaf, drizzle the piquillo vinaigrette and sprinkle tops with the toasted almonds. Place wild rice in a colander and rinse well with cold water. Combine 3 cups of the stock and the water in a large saucepan with a tablespoon of salt and bring to a boil. Add the rice and cook until the grains open and are very soft, 1 1/2 to 2 hours. Drain well. Heat oil  <END>
INPUT: American, parfait, allspice, candied walnuts, oatmeal cookies, vanilla ice cream
OUTPUT: TITLE: Strawberry Parfait | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 (15-ounce) can strawberry pie filling (recommended: Comstock More Fruit); 1/2 teaspoon allspice; 1/3 cup chopped candied walnuts, plus more for garnish; 16 oatmeal cookies; 1 pint vanilla ice cream; Caramel sauce, for serving (recommended: Mrs. Richardson's); 4 sliced fresh strawberries, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Stir together strawberry pie filling, allspice, and chopped candied walnuts. Set aside. Crumble 2 oatmeal cookies each in the bottom of 4 parfait glasses. Divide half of the strawberry mixture among the 4 glasses along with a scoop of ice cream. Garnish with caramel sauce, candied walnuts and strawberries. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, sauce, tomatillos, garlic, jalapeno peppers, bell pepper, poblano pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Tomatillo Sauce | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound tomatillos, husked, washed and halved; 4 cloves garlic; 2 jalapeno peppers; 1 green bell pepper; 1 poblano pepper; 1 onion, cut into quarters; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; Extra-virgin olive oil, for drizzling; 1 small bunch fresh cilantro, leaves only; Zest and juice of 1 1/2 limes | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Spread the tomatillos, garlic, jalapenos, bell pepper, poblano and onion on a baking sheet and season with salt and pepper. Drizzle with olive oil and toss everything to coat. Roast until the vegetables are soft, 10 to 15 minutes. Let cool for a few minutes. Remove the seeds from the peppers. Put all of the roasted vegetables and the cilantro into a food processor or blender. Process until still a bit chunky. Thin with some water if it is too thick. Stir in the lime zest and juice. Let cool completely. Use immediately or pour into freezer bags, label and free <END>
INPUT: American, pilaf, vegetable oil, long grain rice, onion, hot vegetable chicken, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: White Rice Pilaf with Corn, Roasted Chiles, and Fresh Cheese | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 tablespoons vegetable oil; 1 cup long grain white rice; 1 small onion, finely diced; 2 cups hot vegetable or chicken broth, preferably homemade; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 3 medium poblano chiles, roasted, peeled, stemmed, seeded (see Note), and cut into strips; 1 cup fresh or thawed frozen corn kernels; 1/2 cup Mexican queso fresco or feta cheese; 1/2 bunch flatleaf parsley, leaves only, finely chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large heavy saucepan, heat the oil over medium heat. Add the rice and the onion and stir frequently for about 7 minutes, until the onion is softened but not browned. Add the hot broth, salt, and chile strips to the pan and bring it back up to a boil. Reduce the heat and simmer, covered, for about 10 minutes. Add the corn and simmer for 5 minutes more. Remove from the heat and let stand, covered, for 5 to 10 minutes, or until the rice is perfectly tender. Add the crumbled cheese and parsley and fluff with a fork, mixing all the ingredients evenly. Transfer to a warmed serving bowl and serv <END>
INPUT: center salt cod, qt vegetable oil, all purpose flour, salt, olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fried Salt Cod | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 lb center-cut skinless boneless salt cod, rinsed well; 1 qt vegetable oil; 1 cup all-purpose flour; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1/2 cup plus 3 tablespoons water; 1/4 cup finely chopped fresh flat-leaf parsley; 1 teaspoon coarse sea salt; Accompaniment: lemon wedges; Special equipment: a deep-fat thermometer | INSTRUCTIONS: Soak cod in a large bowl with water to cover by 2 inches, chilled, changing water 3 times a day, 1 to 3 days (see cooks' note, below). Chill cod until ready to use. Heat vegetable oil in a 5- to 6-quart heavy pot over moderate heat until it registers 385 to 390°F on thermometer. While oil is heating, whisk together flour, salt, olive oil, water, and parsley in a bowl. Drain cod and pat dry, then cut into 3- by 1/2-inch strips. Working in batches of 4, coat strips in batter, then transfer to oil with tongs and fry, turning, until golden, 1 1/2 to 2 minutes. Transfer to a paper-towel-lined bakin <END>
INPUT: gumbo, ducks, onions, bell peppers, garlic, chicken bouillon granules
OUTPUT: TITLE: Duck Gumbo | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 5 to 6 ducks; 2 large yellow onions, diced; 2 large bell peppers, diced; 1 clove garlic, minced; 3 tablespoons chicken bouillon granules; 2 teaspoons salt; 1 teaspoon black pepper; 2 bay leaves; Water, to cover the ducks; 1/2 pound bacon; 3/4 cup all-purpose flour; Vegetable oil (if needed); 1 teaspoon salt; 1 teaspoon pepper; Reserved duck broth | INSTRUCTIONS: Broth: To a large stockpot, add the ducks, onions, bell peppers, garlic, bouillon, salt, pepper, bay leaves, and enough water to cover the ducks. Bring to a boil and cook the ducks for about 1 hour, until tender. Remove ducks and pull the breast meat from the bones and chop them into small pieces - use only the breast meat and discard the rest of the bird or save for another use. Strain the broth and save. Set aside the chopped duck breast and broth to use later. Roux: In a large, deep, black skillet or kettle, fry the bacon. Remove the bacon with a slotted spoon, leaving the grease in the pan <END>
INPUT: Mexican, nachos, sweet potatoes, olive oil, cumin, Kosher salt, corn tortillas
OUTPUT: TITLE: Baked Nachos with Roasted Sweet Potatoes | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2 sweet potatoes, about 1 pound, cut into 1/2-inch cubes (3 1/2 cups); 2 tablespoons olive oil; 2 teaspoons ground cumin; Kosher salt; 10 corn tortillas, each 5 1/2 inches in diameter; Nonstick cooking spray; 1/2 teaspoon chili powder; Grated zest and juice of 1 lime; 1 small onion, chopped; 2 tablespoons adobo sauce from canned chipotle in adobo sauce; 1 teaspoon tomato paste; One 14-ounce can pinto beans, drained and rinsed; 1 tomato, roughly chopped; 1/2 serrano chile, seeded if desired, chopped; 1 1/2 cups shredded Cheddar | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Toss the sweet potatoes in a medium bowl with 1 tablespoon oil, cumin and 1/4 teaspoon salt. Spread on a baking sheet and roast until soft and partially browned, 25 to 30 minutes. Spray both sides of the tortillas with cooking spray, then stack them up and cut the stack into 8 triangular pieces. Separate the tortilla pieces and lay them out onto a baking sheet. Sprinkle with the chili powder and 1/4 teaspoon salt and toss. Bake the chips until crisp, about 15 minutes, tossing the chips halfway through the baking time. Remove the chips from the oven and toss t <END>
INPUT: American, vegetable oil, onion, garlic, Fresno chile jalapeño, Kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Easy Steak Sauce with Seared Hanger Steak | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons vegetable oil, divided; 1 medium onion, chopped; 4 garlic cloves, chopped; 1 Fresno chile or red jalapeño, seeded, chopped; Kosher salt, freshly ground pepper; 1 freshly ground pepper; 1 tablespoon tomato paste; 1/2 cup Worcestershire sauce; 1/2 cup red wine vinegar; 1/4 cup (packed) dark brown sugar; 2 tablespoons whole grain mustard; Few dashes of hot sauce; 1 1/2 pounds hanger steak, center membrane removed, cut into 4 pieces | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat 2 tablespoons oil in a small saucepan over medium-high heat. Add onion, garlic, and chile; season with salt and pepper. Cook, stirring often, until soft, about 5 minutes. Add tomato paste to saucepan and cook, stirring, until beginning to darken, about 1 minute. Stir in Worcestershire sauce, vinegar, brown sugar, mustard, and hot sauce; simmer until slightly thickened, about 5 minutes. Transfer to a blender and purée with 1/2 cup water until smooth. Strain through a fine-mesh sieve into a small bowl, if desired. Set sauce aside. Heat remaining 1 tablespoon oil in a large skillet over medi <END>
INPUT: sweet Italian sausage, prosciutto, boiled chestnuts, olives, sage
OUTPUT: TITLE: Stuffed Turkey Breast | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 8 ounces sweet Italian sausage, removed from casing; 5 ounces prosciutto, finely diced; 1 cup chopped boiled chestnuts; 1/2 cup diced green olives; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh sage or 2 teaspoons dried; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 (4-pound) boneless turkey breast; Extra-virgin olive oil, for drizzling | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. In a bowl, combine the sausage, prosciutto, chestnuts, olives and sage. Season with salt and pepper. Heat a small skillet and add a teaspoon of the stuffing. Saute until cooked through, about 2 minutes. Taste for seasoning and adjust seasoning in the stuffing mix, if necessary. Place the turkey breast on the cutting board with skin side down. Flatten with your hands, season with salt and pepper and drizzle with olive oil to moisten. Spread stuffing on top and roll the turkey around the stuffing. Wrap kitchen twine around breast and  <END>
INPUT: American, salad, julienned endive, julienned apples, crumbled cheese, julienned onions, walnuts
OUTPUT: TITLE: Endive and Blue Cheese Salad with Soy-Sherry Vinaigrette | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 4 cups finely julienned endive (store in cold water to prevent oxidation); 1/2 cup julienned peeled green apples; 1/2 cup crumbled blue cheese; 1/2 cup finely julienned red onions; 1/4 cup walnuts, toasted; 2 tablespoons fresh tarragon leaves; 1/4 cup Soy-Sherry Vinaigrette, recipe follows; Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper; 1/2 cup sherry vinegar; 1/4 cup soy sauce; 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard; 1/2 teaspoon chopped shallots; 1 egg yolk; 1 cup grapeseed oil; Freshly cracked black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine the endive, apples, blue cheese, onions, walnuts and tarragon in a medium mixing bowl. Add the Soy-Sherry Vinaigrette (use as much or as little as desired) and season with salt and pepper. Puree the sherry vinegar, soy sauce, Dijon mustard, shallots and egg yolk in a blender. With the motor running, emulsify the oil into the mixture. Season with black pepper (the salt from the soy will be enough to season the vinaigrette). <END>
INPUT: French, souffleed, omelet, asparagus, onion, unsalted butter, sugar, Gruyère
OUTPUT: TITLE: Asparagus, Gruyère, and Tarragon Souffleed Omelet | CUISINE: French | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 pound asparagus, trimmed; 1 medium red onion, sliced thin; 1 1/2 tablespoons unsalted butter; a pinch of sugar; 2/3 cup coarsely grated Gruyère; 1 tablespoon minced fresh tarragon leaves, or to taste; 4 large eggs, separated; 2 tablespoons all-purpose flour | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 375°F. In a 10-inch non-stick skillet simmer the asparagus in water to cover for 3 to 5 minutes, or until it is just tender. Drain the asparagus, rinse it under cold water, and pat it dry with paper towels. Cut the asparagus crosswise into 1/4-inch pieces and transfer the pieces to a bowl. In the skillet cook the onion with salt and pepper to taste in 1 tablespoon of the butter over moderate heat, stirring frequently, for 5 minutes. Add the sugar, cook the mixture, stirring, for 3 to 5 minutes, or until the onion is golden, and transfer the mixture to the bowl. Stir in the  <END>
INPUT: Italian, basil, penne pasta, virgin olive oil, garlic, snipped rosemary leaves, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spicy Shrimp with Garlic, Basil and Rosemary | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound penne pasta; 5 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 8 cloves garlic, cut into matchsticks, plus 1 more for pressing; 1 tablespoon finely snipped fresh rosemary leaves; 1 large onion, thinly sliced; 1 pound large shrimp, peeled; 2 jalapeno peppers, seeded and finely diced; 1/2 medium red pepper, seeded and cut into strips; 1 medium yellow pepper, seeded and cut into strips; Salt and pepper; 1 tablespoon tamari sauce; 2 teaspoons Worcestershire sauce; 2 tablespoons medium dry sherry; 2 teaspoons sugar; 1/3 cup pitted and halved black olives | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring a large pot of water to a rapid boil; add salt. Add pasta, and cook according to package directions until al dente. Drain, and return pasta to the pot with 1 tablespoon olive oil and 1 clove garlic put through a garlic press. Stir to combine. Keep warm. In a large skillet, heat remaining 4 tablespoons olive oil until hot but not smoking. Add garlic matchsticks and cook until golden, stirring constantly. Add rosemary, and cook for 1 minute. Remove garlic and rosemary from the skillet; set aside. Add onion, and cook, stirring, until golden. Add shrimp and jalapenos to the infused oil, and  <END>
INPUT: ghostly, bark, walnuts, almonds, hazelnuts, corn syrup, good quality bittersweet
OUTPUT: TITLE: Ghostly Chocolate-Nut Bark | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup roughly chopped walnuts; 1 cup roughly chopped almonds; 1/2 cup roughly chopped hazelnuts; 1/2 cup corn syrup; 20 ounces good-quality bittersweet chocolate (62% to 71% cacao), finely chopped (4 cups); 7 1/2 ounces white chocolate, finely chopped (1 1/2 cups) | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350°F. Line a 13- by 18-inch rimmed baking sheet with parchment paper. In a large bowl, toss the walnuts, almonds, and hazelnuts with the corn syrup until evenly coated. Spread in a single layer on the prepared baking sheet. Bake, stirring once, until the nuts are toasted and caramelized, 25 to 30 minutes. Carefully transfer the nuts on the parchment paper to a wire rack to cool completely, separating the nuts as they cool. Line the baking sheet with a clean sheet of parchment paper. In a double boiler or large heatproof bowl set over a saucepan of simmering water, melt 3 c <END>
INPUT: glaze, vegetable oil, unsalted butter, onion, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Smoked Pork Chops with Onion-and-Cider Glaze | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 (1-inch-thick) bone-in smoked pork chops; 1 tablespoon vegetable oil; 1 tablespoon unsalted butter; 1 large onion, halved lengthwise, then thinly sliced crosswise; 1 teaspoon sugar; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 2 cups unfiltered apple cider; 2 tablespoons cider vinegar | INSTRUCTIONS: Put oven rack in middle position and preheat oven to 350°F. Pat chops dry. Heat oil in a 12-inch heavy skillet over moderately high heat until hot but not smoking, then brown chops in 2 batches on one side only, 3 to 4 minutes per batch. Transfer chops, browned sides up, to a large shallow baking pan, reserving skillet. Bake chops until heated through, about 20 minutes. While chops bake, melt butter in skillet over moderate heat until foam subsides, then cook onion with sugar and salt, scraping up brown bits and stirring occasionally with a wooden spoon, until onion is softened, 8 to 10 minute <END>
INPUT: Italian, tiramisu, best quality semisweet, heavy cream, mascarpone, espresso very strong, coffee liqueur
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate Tiramisu | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 10 ounces best-quality semisweet chocolate (8 ounces coarsely chopped and 2 ounces peeled into shavings); 2 cups heavy cream; 8 ounces mascarpone; 2 cups espresso or very strong coffee, cooled; 1/3 cup coffee liqueur (recommended: Kahlua); About 44 ladyfingers (available at supermarkets and Italian bakeries); Powdered sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: Place the chopped chocolate in a large bowl. In a saucepan, bring the cream to a simmer over medium-high heat. Quickly pour the hot cream over the chocolate and let sit for 1 minute; then whisk together until the chocolate is melted. Whisk in the mascarpone, then strain into a bowl big enough to whip the mixture in the next day. Cover and refrigerate at least 6 hours or overnight. Remove the chocolate mixture from the refrigerator and whip until fluffy and slightly stiffened, being careful not to overwhip (like heavy cream, the mixture can turn to butter if whipped too long). Refrigerate. Comb <END>
INPUT: pannacotta, marmalade, lemons, sugar, milk, unflavored gelatin, heavy whipping cream
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lemon Pannacotta with Lemon Marmalade | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 large lemons; 3/4 cup sugar; 1 cup whole milk, divided; 2 teaspoons unflavored gelatin; 2 1/2 cups heavy whipping cream; 1/2 cup sugar; Peel from 1 lemon (removed with a vegetable peeler); 1 vanilla bean, split lengthwise | INSTRUCTIONS: For marmalade: Using a knife, cut peel and white pith, end to end, from lemons. Juice enough flesh to measure ⅓ cup; reserve. Bring a large saucepan of water to a boil. Add peel; boil for 5 minutes. Drain; repeat 2 more times. Let peel cool; slice lengthwise into thin strips, then crosswise in half. In a small heavy saucepan over medium heat, stir sugar, reserved 1/3 cup lemon juice, and 1/4 cup water until sugar dissolves. Add peel, bring to a simmer, and cook until mixture is reduced to ⅔ cup and an instant-read thermometer reads 225°F about 10 minutes. DO AHEAD: Can be made up to 2 weeks ah <END>
INPUT: casino, bacon, onion, garlic, olive oil, bell pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Clams Casino | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 slices of lean bacon, chopped fine; 1/2 cup chopped onion; 1 large garlic clove, minced; 1 tablespoon olive oil; 1/2 cup finely diced red bell pepper; 1/2 cup finely diced green bell pepper; 1/4 teaspoon dried orégano, crumbled; 1 teaspoon wine vinegar; 1 tablespoon freshly grated Parmesan; 12 medium (2 1/2-inch) hard-shelled clams, shucked and the bottom shells reserved; coarse salt for filling the pan and platter | INSTRUCTIONS: In a heavy skillet cook the bacon over moderate heat, stirring, until it begins to brown but is not crisp, transfer it with a slotted spoon to paper towels to drain, and discard the fat from the skillet. In the skillet, wiped clean, cook the onion and the garlic in the oil over moderately low heat until they are softened, add the bell peppers and the orégano, and cook the mixture, stirring, until the bell peppers are crisp-tender. Transfer the mixture to a small bowl and stir in the bacon, the vinegar, the Parmesan, and salt and black pepper to taste. The bell pepper mixture may be made 1 day  <END>
INPUT: garlic, olive oil, water, mussels, Pernod other anise
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pernod-Marinated New Zealand Mussels with Chervil Oil | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 garlic cloves; 1/2 cup plus 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1/4 cup water; 6 pounds mussels (preferably New Zealand green); 3 tablespoons Pernod or other anise-flavored liqueur; 1/2 cup packed fresh chervil sprigs; 1/4 cup packed fresh flat-leafed parsley leaves; 1/4 teaspoon salt; Garnish: about 60 small fresh chervil sprigs | INSTRUCTIONS: Mince 1 garlic clove and in a large skillet cook in 2 tablespoons oil over moderate heat, stirring, until golden. Add water and half of mussels and steam mussels, covered, stirring once or twice, 2 to 5 minutes, transferring them as they open with a slotted spoon to a large bowl. (Discard any mussels that are unopened after 5 minutes.) In liquid remaining in skillet steam remaining mussels in same manner and transfer to bowl. Pour liquid remaining in skillet through a fine sieve into a small bowl and stir in liqueur to make marinade. When mussels are cool enough to handle, remove from shells.  <END>
INPUT: Mexican, cakes, uncooked shrimp, egg, onion, lemon juice, Dijon mustard
OUTPUT: TITLE: Shrimp Cakes with Chili-Lime Cream Sauce | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 16 uncooked large shrimp (about 1 pound), peeled, deveined; 1 large egg; 1 green onion, sliced; 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard; 1 tablespoon minced fresh cilantro; 1/2 teaspoon hot pepper sauce; 1/2 teaspoon salt; Pinch of ground black pepper; 2 cups panko (Japanese breadcrumbs); 2 tablespoons (or more) peanut oil; Chili-Lime Cream Sauce | INSTRUCTIONS: Coarsely chop shrimp in processor. Add egg, green onion, lemon juice, mustard, cilantro, hot pepper sauce, salt, and pepper. Blend in using on/off turns. Add 1 cup panko and blend in using on/off turns. Form mixture into twelve 3-inch-diameter cakes. Roll cakes in remaining 1 cup panko; transfer to waxed-paper-lined baking sheet. Refrigerate 10 minutes. (Can be made up to 4 hours ahead. Cover and refrigerate.) Heat 2 tablespoons peanut oil in heavy large skillet over medium-high heat. Working in batches, fry cakes until cooked through and golden brown on both sides, adding more oil to skillet  <END>
INPUT: pastry, dough, all purpose flour, salt, ice water
OUTPUT: TITLE: All-Butter Pastry Dough | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 sticks (3/4 cup) cold unsalted butter; 1 1/2 cups all-purpose flour; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1 to 2 tablespoons ice water | INSTRUCTIONS: Cut butter into bits. Cut butter into bits. To blend by hand: In a bowl with your fingertips or a pastry blender blend flour, salt, and butter until most of mixture resembles coarse meal with remainder in small (roughly pea-size) lumps. Drizzle 1 tablespoon ice water evenly over mixture and gently stir with a fork until incorporated. Test mixture by gently squeezing a small handful: When it has proper texture it should hold together without crumbling apart. If necessary, add enough remaining water, 1/2 tablespoon at a time, stirring until water is incorporated and testing, to give mixture prop <END>
INPUT: Italian, Olive oil, Salt pepper, butter, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Penne with Point Reyes Original Blue, Roasted Butternut Squash and Spinach | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 (2-pound) butternut squash, peeled, halved, seeded, cut into 1/2 to 3/4-inch dice (about 3 cups); Olive oil; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 3 tablespoons butter; 1 1/4 cups finely chopped onion; 2 teaspoons chopped fresh rosemary, divided; 1/2 cup dry white wine; 1/4 cup vegetarian or chicken stock; 1/2 cup whipping cream; 1/2 cup grated Parmesan; 1 pound pasta (bowties and penne work well); 4 cups packed baby spinach leaves (about 4 ounces); 1/3 cup crumbled Point Reyes Original Blue Cheese (about 1 1/2 ounces) | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F. Toss the cubed butternut squash in olive oil, sprinkle with salt and pepper and place on a baking sheet. Roast until slightly caramelized, about 20 minutes. (This can be done ahead.) Melt the butter in a heavy, large pot over medium heat. Add the onions and saute until tender, about 5 minutes. Add the squash and 1 1/2 teaspoons rosemary; saute 5 minutes to coat with the butter and soften. Add the wine and simmer until evaporated, about 1 minute. Stir in the stock, cream and Parmesan. Season with salt and pepper. Simmer on low heat. Cook the pasta in salted bo <END>
INPUT: Mexican, puerco, enchilado, canola vegetable oil, russet potato, pork butt, Kosher salt pepper, beef broth
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spicy Pork with Guajillo Salsa (Puerco Enchilado) | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons canola or vegetable oil; 1 russet potato, peeled and cut into 1-inch cubes; 1 1/2 pounds pork butt, cut into 1-inch cubes; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 cup beef broth; 1 cup Guajillo Salsa, recipe follows; Corn tortillas, for serving; 24 guajillo chiles, stemmed, seeded and deveined; 4 cloves garlic, peeled; 1/2 medium white onion, peeled; 1 vine ripened tomato, boiled 30 seconds, peeled and seeded; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 tablespoons vegetable oil; 1 bay leaf | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat the oil in a large, heavy stainless steel saute pan (do not use nonstick) over medium-high heat. Add the potatoes and saute until golden in color, about 5 minutes. Transfer the potatoes to a bowl and reserve. Add the pork to the same pan. Sprinkle with salt and pepper. Sear the pork until browned, about 3 minutes per side. Return the potatoes to the pan, along with the beef broth and Guajillo Salsa. Stir to combine. Bring to a simmer and cover. Simmer on medium-low heat for at least 15 minutes until the pork is cooked through. Turn off the heat and serve immediately with warm tortillas. I <END>
INPUT: salad, lime juice, garlic, Up agave nectar, salt, grapeseed peanut oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Coconut-Mango Rice Noodle Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons fresh lime juice; 1/4 teaspoon minced or crushed garlic; Up to 2 teaspoons agave nectar or sugar; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 2 tablespoons grapeseed or peanut oil; 3/4 cup reduced-fat coconut milk (half a 14- to 15-ounce can); 3 cups water; 4 ounces medium-thin rice noodles; 1/3 pound slender green beans, trimmed and halved either lengthwise or crosswise; 1/2 cup Pickled Red Onions; 1 small (6-inch) cucumber (peeled if the skin is bitter), diced; 1 medium carrot, coarsely grated; 1 ripe, sweet mango, peeled, pitted, and cut into 1/2-inch dice, or 1 heaping cup diced defrosted frozen mango; About 10 fresh mint leaves, cut into thin strips; 1 cup lightly toasted cashews, chopped or whole | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. Combine the lime juice, garlic, agave or sugar, and salt in a large bowl and whisk to blend. Keep whisking as you drizzle in the oil until it is completely incorporated; set aside. 2. Place a colander on a plate next to the stove and have a pair of tongs or a spider skimmer handy. 3. Combine the coconut milk and water in a medium saucepan and bring to a boil. Add the noodles and cook for exactly 3 minutes (best to use a timer). Use the skimmer or tongs to lift them out (leaving the pot on the heat) and transfer them to the colander. (They will be noticeably al dente.) Shake the colander ove <END>
INPUT: Cherry tomatoes, Salt, butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tomato Butter | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Cherry tomatoes; Salt; Softened butter | INSTRUCTIONS: Broil cherry tomatoes until the skins blister and juices are released; let cool. Blitz with salt in a food processor until coarsely puréed, then stir into softened butter. Dollop onto grilled fish, cooked rice, or crostini. Broil cherry tomatoes until the skins blister and juices are released; let cool. Blitz with salt in a food processor until coarsely puréed, then stir into softened butter. Dollop onto grilled fish, cooked rice, or crostini. <END>
INPUT: Italian, spiral, wrapped, mayonnaise, wine vinegar, garlic, basil leaves, Salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spiral-Wrapped Grilled Vegetable Tortilla Sandwiches with Basil Mayonnaise | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup prepared mayonnaise; 2 teaspoons white wine vinegar; 1 garlic clove; 1/4 cup packed basil leaves; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 large flour tortillas; Assortment of grilled thinly sliced vegetables, i.e. red bell peppers, zucchini, eggplant; 4 to 6 thin slices Italian fontina | INSTRUCTIONS: In a food processor or blender, puree together the mayonnaise, vinegar, garlic, and basil leaves until smooth. Season, to taste, with salt and freshly ground pepper. Place a tortilla on a flat surface and spread with basil mayonnaise. Arrange 1 or 2 layers of the grilled vegetables over the tortilla. Sprinkle with a 1/4 cup of the cheese. Tightly roll up the tortilla and secure with a toothpick. Cut into 4 pieces. Repeat process for remaining tortilla and vegetables. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, crunchy, rings, all purpose flour, chili powder, salt, dark beer, corn tortillas
OUTPUT: TITLE: Crunchy Chili Onion Rings | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 3 cups all purpose flour; 2 tablespoons chili powder; 4 1/2 teaspoons salt; 1 12-ounce bottle dark beer (preferably Mexican); 12 6-inch corn tortillas, coarsely torn; 2 large onions, peeled; Vegetable oil (for deep-frying) | INSTRUCTIONS: Mix flour, chili powder, and salt in medium bowl. Pour beer into small bowl. Finely grind tortillas in processor; transfer to deep bowl. Line large baking sheet with foil. Cut onions crosswise into 1/2- to 3/4-inch-thick rounds. Separate rounds into rings. Dip 1 onion ring into flour mixture, then beer, flour again and beer again, then add to bowl with ground tortillas and toss to coat. Using wooden skewer, transfer coated ring to sheet of foil. Repeat with remaining onion rings. Pour oil into heavy large skillet to depth of 1 inch. Rest top of deep-fry thermometer against edge of skillet, sub <END>
INPUT: French, all purpose flour, kosher salt, pepper, virgin olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Veal Tarragon | CUISINE: French | INGREDIENTS: 4 (6-ounce) boneless veal top round; 1/2 cup all-purpose flour; 1 1/2 teaspoons kosher salt; 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 2 shallots, minced; 2 teaspoons dried tarragon; 1/4 cup dry white wine; 1/2 cup heavy cream; 1 cup chicken stock, preferably homemade; Additional kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Sprinkle a small amount of water on a large sheet of plastic wrap. Place 2 of the steaks on top of the plastic and sprinkle again with water. Cover with another sheet of plastic wrap and pound with a rolling pin or meat pounder until about 1/4-inch thick. Repeat with the 2 remaining steaks. Mix the flour with the salt and pepper in a shallow pie plate. Heat half the olive oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat until almost smoking. Working in 2 batches, place half the veal in the flour mixture and turn to coat on all sides. Shake off the excess flour and add to the skillet. Cook until br <END>
INPUT: drink, atole, milk, sugar, cinnamon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sweet Milk and Corn Drink: Atole | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 (8-ounce) package fresh frozen white corn, defrosted; 3 cups milk; 1/2 cup sugar; 1/2 cup brown sugar; 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1/8 teaspoon salt; 4 cinnamon sticks | INSTRUCTIONS: Add corn, milk, sugar, brown sugar, cinnamon, and salt to a blender and puree until smooth. Heat in saucepan until warm. Serve in mugs with cinnamon sticks. <END>
INPUT: onions, olive oil, butter pastry dough, Jack Gruyère cheese, plum tomatoes into
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tomato and Onion Tart | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 large onions (about 1 1/2 pounds), sliced thin; 2 tablespoons olive oil; butter pastry dough for a single-crust 12-inch tart; 1/2 pound Jack or Gruyère cheese, shredded (about 2 cups); 1/2 pound plum tomatoes cut into 1/2-inch wedges; 1/2 pound medium yellow tomatoes (about 2) or 1/2 pound plum tomatoes, cut into 1/2-inch wedges; 1/4 cup Niçoise olives, pitted; Butter Pastry Dough | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large heavy skillet cook onions with salt to taste in oil, covered, over moderate heat, stirring occasionally, until softened, about 20 minutes. Remove lid and cook onions, stirring occasionally, until golden and any liquid evaporates. Remove skillet from heat to cool onions slightly. Preheat oven to 375°F. On a lightly floured surface with a floured rolling pin roll dough into a 14-inch round (about 1/8 inch thick). Fold round in half and transfer to a 12-inch tart pan with a removable fluted rim or a 12-inch quiche dish. Unfold dough, easing to fit, and trim overhang to 3/4 inch. Fold o <END>
INPUT: Mexican, ceviche, cups, Peanut oil, shrimp, baby bay scallops, ahi tuna
OUTPUT: TITLE: Bay Scallop, Shrimp, and Ahi Tuna Ceviche in Tortilla Cups | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: Peanut oil, for frying; 4 to 6 small, thin corn tortillas, about 8-inches in diameter; 1/2 pound shrimp, peeled and deveined; 1/2 pound fresh baby bay scallops, side muscles removed; 1/2 pound ahi tuna, diced; 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 3 to 4 tablespoons fresh lime juice; 6 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro, plus 6 sprigs for garnish; 1/2 medium red onion, cut into 1/4-inch cubes; 1 medium, ripe tomato, peeled, seeded, and cut into 1/4-inch cubes; Salt; Freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large, heavy saucepan, heat 5 to 6 inches of oil to 375 degrees F. Fry the tortillas, 1 by 1, in the hot oil until they are soft, about 10 seconds and drain on paper towels. Reserve, covered, in a warm spot. Heat wire "potato nest" baskets in the hot oil for several seconds, or until they are very hot. Fit a soft tortilla into the bottom basket and place the smaller basket on top of the tortilla. Immerse the baskets in the hot oil and cook until the tortilla is crispy and golden brown. Remove the tortilla cup from the basket and invert on paper towels to drain. Repeat the procedure with t <END>
INPUT: Mexican, asian, salad, rice noodles, lime juice, fish sauce, chili garlic sauce, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Asian Noodle Salad with Shrimp | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 6.75-ounce package rice stick noodles (maifun); 4 1/2 tablespoons fresh lime juice; 3 tablespoons fish sauce (such as nam pla or nuoc nam); 4 teaspoons chili-garlic sauce; 2 teaspoons sugar; 1 pound peeled deveined cooked medium shrimp; 1 cup thinly sliced Japanese cucumbers or Persian cucumbers; 1 8-ounce package sugar snap peas, cut crosswise into 1/2-inch pieces (about 2 cups); 1 red bell pepper, thinly sliced; 1/2 cup (loosely packed) fresh mint leaves; 1/2 cup (loosely packed) fresh cilantro leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook noodles in large saucepan of boiling salted water until tender, stirring occasionally, 4 to 5 minutes. Drain. Rinse with cold water; drain well. Using scissors, cut noodles into thirds. Whisk lime juice, fish sauce, chili-garlic sauce, and sugar in small bowl until sugar dissolves. Place shrimp in medium bowl. Add 2 tablespoons dressing; toss to coat. Divide noodles among bowls. Top with cucumber slices and all remaining ingredients. Spoon shrimp with dressing over, and drizzle with remaining dressing. Cook noodles in large saucepan of boiling salted water until tender, stirring occasiona <END>
INPUT: crab, flounder, Salt pepper, beans, butter, almonds
OUTPUT: TITLE: Crab-Stuffed Flounder with Mornay Sauce and Green Beans Almondine | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Salt and pepper; 1 1/2 pounds fresh green beans, trimmed; 3 tablespoons butter; 1/2 cup sliced almonds, toasted; 2 tablespoons butter; 2 tablespoons flour; 2 cups milk; Salt and pepper; Freshly grated nutmeg; 1 cup grated Gruyere cheese; 2 tablespoons butter; 1 large shallot, minced; 2 cloves garlic; 1 stalk celery, minced; 1/3 cup dry vermouth | INSTRUCTIONS: For the green beans almondine: Place a large pot of salted water over high heat and bring to a boil. Working in batches (to avoid crowding the pot and slowing the return a boil), cook the green beans for about 3 minutes, or until al dente. With a slotted spoon or tongs, transfer the green beans directly to an ice-filled bowl and shock to stop cooking. Drain well. Heat the butter in a large skillet over medium-high heat until foaming and beginning to smell nutty. Add the blanched green beans and toss to coat. Add the toasted almonds and season with salt and pepper. For the Mornay sauce: Melt th <END>
INPUT: salad, shrimp, broccoli, farfalle, tomatoes, wine vinegar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Farfalle Salad with Grilled Shrimp and Broccoli | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound large shrimp (about 24), shelled and deveined; 1 pound broccoli, cut into 1-inch flowerettes and stems cut into 1/4-inch slices; 1/2 pound farfalle (bow-tie pasta); a 28-ounce can peeled whole tomatoes, seeded, drained, reserving 1/4 cup juice, and chopped; 1/4 cup red-wine vinegar; 1 garlic clove, minced and mashed to a paste with 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1 teaspoon sugar; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh thyme leaves; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh parsley leaves; freshly ground black pepper to taste; 1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Prepare grill. In a bowl toss shrimp with salt to taste. Thread shrimp on metal skewers and grill on an oiled rack set 5 to 6 inches over glowing coals until cooked through, about 3 minutes on each side. (Alternatively, shrimp may be cooked without skewers in a hot well-seasoned ridged grill pan over high heat.) In a 6-quart kettle bring 5 quarts salted water to a boil and cook broccoli until crisp-tender, about 5 minutes. Transfer broccoli with a slotted spoon to a colander and rinse under cold water to stop cooking. Drain broccoli well and transfer to a bowl. In same kettle of salted boiling <END>
INPUT: Mexican, tostada, tortillas, Vegetable oil deepfrying, chorizo sausage, onion, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tostada with Chorizo | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 6 large tortillas; Vegetable oil for deepfrying; 9 ounces chorizo sausage, removed from casings and crumbled; 1 medium onion, finely diced; 2 garlic cloves, minced; 3 medium tomatoes, peeled, seeded and diced; 1 cup shredded anejo cheese; 1 head green leaf lettuce, shredded | INSTRUCTIONS: Pour the oil into a large pot, to a depth of 2 to 3 inches, and heat to 375 degrees F. Drop in 1 tortilla at a time and fry until crisp, about 1 to 2 minutes, turning once. Remove with tongs, shake off excess oil and transfer to paper towels to drain. Repeat for all tortillas. Heat 1 tablespoon of vegetable oil in a large skillet over moderate heat. Add the chorizo and saute for 3 minutes, or until browned. Spoon out excess fat. Add the onions and cook, stirring occasionally, until golden. Stir in the garlic and cook for 1 more minute to release its aroma. Add the tomatoes saute an additional  <END>
INPUT: American, open, face, olive oil, Kosher salt pepper, Worcestershire sauce, pecans
OUTPUT: TITLE: Open-Face Grilled Chicken, Maytag Blue Cheese, and Toasted Pecan Sandwich | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: One 6-ounce boneless, skinless chicken breast, cut in half lengthwise; 2 tablespoons olive oil; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper to taste; Dash of Worcestershire sauce; 2 tablespoons chopped pecans; 2 slices raisin pumpernickel bread; 2 tablespoons mayonnaise, homemade or store-bought; 2 tablespoons Maytag Blue cheese; 8 watercress sprigs | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. Combine the chicken, olive oil, salt, pepper, and Worcestershire sauce in a bowl. Cover with plastic wrap and set aside for 30 minutes so the chicken can marinate. 2. Toast the pecans in a small skillet over medium heat for 2 minutes, or until golden brown, stirring occasionally. Alternatively, roast the pecans in a preheated 300°F oven for 15 minutes, or until they smell toasted. Transfer the pecans to a plate and set aside to cool. 3. Grill the chicken under the broiler or on an outdoor grill for 10 to 12 minutes, or until thoroughly cooked, turning once. Whether broiling or grilling, for <END>
INPUT: sauce, brut Champagne, shallots, olive oil additional, uncooked shrimp, thyme
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Shrimp with Champagne-Shallot Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups brut Champagne; 1/2 cup minced shallots; 3 1/2 tablespoons olive oil plus additional for brushing; 2 3/4 pounds uncooked large shrimp (13 to 15 per pound), peeled, deveined, tails left intact; 3 1/2 teaspoons chopped fresh thyme, divided; 2 1/4 teaspoons finely grated lemon peel, divided; 1/2 cup (1 stick) butter, room temperature, diced; Blue Lake Green Beans with Lemon and Thymeepi:recipelink; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh Italian parsley | INSTRUCTIONS: Simmer Champagne and shallots until reduced to 1/2 cup, about 25 minutes. do ahead Sauce base can be made 2 days ahead. Cover; chill in pan. Combine 3 1/2 tablespoons oil, shrimp, 2 1/2 teaspoons thyme, and 1 3/4 teaspoons lemon peel in large bowl; sprinkle with salt and pepper. Toss. DO AHEAD Can be made 2 hours ahead; cover and chill, tossing occasionally. Position 1 rack in bottom third and 1 rack in top third of oven. Preheat to 450°F. Brush 2 heavy large rimmed baking sheets with oil. Arrange shrimp on sheets. Roast until opaque, 6 minutes. Meanwhile, bring sauce base to simmer; remove fr <END>
INPUT: cake, shelled walnuts, fine breadcrumbs, eggs, granulated sugar, bittersweet chocolate
OUTPUT: TITLE: Walnut Cake | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 ounces/110 g shelled walnuts, plus more for decorating; 2 to 4 tablespoons fine breadcrumbs; 3 large eggs, at room temperature, separated; 1/2 cup/100 g granulated sugar; 4 tablespoons grated bittersweet chocolate, optional; 1/4 cup/60 g butter, melted until soft enough to pour but not oily; 1 tablespoon espresso, Cognac, Irish cream liqueur or other liqueur; Confectioners' sugar, for serving; Whipped cream and chocolate shavings, or coffee ice cream, for serving | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F/180 degrees C. Grease an 8-inch/20-cm round cake pan and line with parchment paper. Grind the walnuts together with the breadcrumbs in a food processor. Put the egg whites in a large bowl for whisking. Whisk the yolks and granulated sugar in a bowl set over a saucepan of simmering water (without letting the bowl touch the water) until they have tripled in volume and become thick, pale and ribbony. Take the yolk mixture off the heat. Scatter the nut mixture over the yolk mixture, along with the chocolate, if using, then drizzle over the butter and espresso. Fol <END>
INPUT: Indian, chutney, Ghee, onion, piece ginger, mangoes, golden raisins
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sweet Mango Chutney | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons Ghee, recipe follows; 1 medium onion, chopped; 1-inch piece fresh ginger, peeled and chopped; 2 mangoes, peeled and chopped; 1/2 cup golden raisins; 1 tablespoon light brown sugar; 1 tablespoon tamarind paste or rice wine vinegar; 1 teaspoon Curry Powder, recipe follows; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 pound unsalted butter; 2 tablespoons coriander seeds; 1 tablespoon cumin seeds; 1 tablespoon cardamom seeds; 1 tablespoon whole black peppercorns; 1 teaspoon fennel seeds | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat the ghee in a skillet over medium heat. Add the onion and ginger and cook for 1 minute. Add the mango, raisins, sugar, tamarind paste, and curry powder. Season with salt and pepper, reduce the heat to low, and cook until everything is soft and the flavors have blended, about 30 minutes. Put the chutney into a bowl and allow it to cool before serving. Put the butter in a heavy saucepan over medium-low heat. Melt the butter slowly and make sure it does not sizzle or brown. Increase the heat and bring the butter to a boil. When the surface is covered with foam, stir gently and reduce the hea <END>
INPUT: soup, vegetable oil, kosher salt, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Beet Soup in Roasted Acorn Squash | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 8 (1- to 1 1/4-pound) acorn squash; 3 tablespoons vegetable oil; 1 tablespoon kosher salt; 1 large red onion, chopped; 1 1/2 tablespoons vegetable oil; 5 medium beets (2 pounds without greens), peeled and cut into 1-inch pieces; 1 red apple such as Gala or Braeburn, peeled and cut into 1-inch pieces; 2 garlic cloves, minced; 4 cups chicken or vegetable broth; 4 to 5 cups water; 2 tablespoons cider vinegar; 1 tablespoon packed light brown sugar; Accompaniment: cornmeal-cayenne grissini | INSTRUCTIONS: Roast squash: Preheat oven to 375°F. Cut off "tops" of squash (about 1 inch from stem end) and reserve. Scoop out seeds and discard. Cut a very thin slice off bottoms of squash to create a stable base. Brush "bowls" and tops all over with oil and sprinkle salt inside. Arrange squash bowls, with tops alongside, stem ends up, in 2 large shallow baking pans. Roast squash in upper and lower thirds of oven, switching position of pans halfway through baking, until flesh of squash is just tender, about 1 1/4hours total. Preheat oven to 375°F. Cut off "tops" of squash (about 1 inch from stem end) and  <END>
INPUT: Asian, kimchi, seedless watermelon, kosher salt, fish sauce, sugar, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Watermelon Kimchi | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 seedless watermelon, rind removed, peeled and cut into 1-inch pieces, flesh reserved; 2 tablespoons kosher salt; 1/2 cup fish sauce; 1 tablespoon sugar; 6 cloves garlic; 1 inch piece fresh ginger, peeled; 1/2 medium onion; 1 cup Korean chili flakes; 1 bunch scallions, sliced | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Sprinkle the watermelon rind with the salt and toss to combine. Set aside for 30 minutes until the moisture has drawn out. Drain the rind and pat dry on a paper-towel-lined baking sheet. Add 1 cup of the watermelon flesh, fish sauce, sugar, garlic, ginger and onion to a food processor. Pulse until combined. Transfer to a bowl and stir in the Korean chili flakes. Add the drained watermelon rind and the scallions and toss to combine. Transfer to a jar and let it rest for at least 12 hours before serving. <END>
INPUT: soup, eggplants, olive oil, onion, water, thyme leaves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Eggplant and Onion Soup with Fresh Thyme | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 medium eggplants, cut in 1/2 lengthwise; 1 teaspoon olive oil; l large onion, peeled and thinly sliced; 2 tablespoons water; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh thyme leaves; 4 cups chicken or vegetable stock | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Lightly brush eggplant halves with oil. Place cut side down on a cookie sheet and bake for 50 to 60 minutes or until flesh feels soft. Allow to cool. When the eggplant has cooled, scoop out flesh, chop coarsely and set aside. Meanwhile, place onion slices in skillet with water, cover and cook over low heat until soft, about 10 minutes. Combine with eggplant, thyme and stock in a 2 quart saucepan. Simmer for 15 minutes. Ladle into soup bowls. <END>
INPUT: unflavored gelatin, water, sugar, honey, well heavy cream
OUTPUT: TITLE: Honey Vanilla Ice Cream | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 teaspoons unflavored gelatin; 2 tablespoons plus 1/4 cup cold water; 2/3 cup sugar; 3 tablespoons honey; 2 1/2 cups well chilled heavy cream; 1 1/2 tablespoons vanilla; 1/8 teaspoon salt | INSTRUCTIONS: In a small bowl sprinkle the gelatin over the 2 tablespoons cold water and let soften for 15 minutes. In a small heavy saucepan combine the sugar, honey, and the remaining 1/4 cup water, bring the mixture to a boil over moderate heat, stirring until the sugar is dissolved, and remove the pan from the heat. Add the gelatin mixture and stir until the gelatin is dissolved. Transfer the mixture to a metal bowl set in a bowl of ice and cold water and stir until cool. Add 2 cups of the cream, stir the mixture until cold, and with the mixer beat it for 3 minutes, or until thickened and almost double  <END>
INPUT: mustard seeds, cider vinegar, water, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Homemade Mustard | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup yellow mustard seeds; 3/4 cup cider vinegar; 1/3 cup water; 1 1/4 teaspoons sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: Soak mustard seeds in vinegar and water at room temperature 2 days. (If seeds are not submerged, add just enough additional water to cover.) Purée mixture in a food processor with sugar and 1 1/2 teaspoons salt until almost smooth, about 2 minutes. Thin to desired consistency with additional water and season with salt. Soak mustard seeds in vinegar and water at room temperature 2 days. (If seeds are not submerged, add just enough additional water to cover.) Purée mixture in a food processor with sugar and 1 1/2 teaspoons salt until almost smooth, about 2 minutes. Thin to desired consistency wi <END>
INPUT: coconut rum, Ice, Pineapple juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Malibu and Pineapple | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/4 ounces coconut rum (recommended: Malibu Rum); Ice; Pineapple juice, to fill | INSTRUCTIONS: Pour coconut rum into a 10-ounce rocks glass over ice. Add pineapple juice to fill. Stir and serve with a short straw. <END>
INPUT: parfait, mayonnaise, ketchup, cayenne pepper, mustard, shallot
OUTPUT: TITLE: Crab Parfait | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons mayonnaise; 1/2 teaspoon ketchup; Pinch cayenne pepper; 1/2 teaspoon dry mustard; 1 shallot, minced; 1/2 lemon, juiced; 1 tablespoon chopped parsley; Salt and pepper, to taste; 1 pound crabmeat, shredded; 1 tablespoon capers; 2 mangoes, diced; 2 cups baby mixed greens, chopped fine; Toasted baguette slices | INSTRUCTIONS: To make the dressing, whisk together mayonnaise, ketchup, cayenne, dry mustard, shallot, lemon juice, and parsley. Season the dressing with salt and pepper. Fold in the crabmeat and capers, turn to coat. Using a clear parfait glass or champagne glass, scoop a heaping tablespoon of the diced mangoes on the bottom of the glass. Press down slightly with a spoon. Add a layer of crabmeat on top, pressing down again, followed by a layer of chopped mixed greens. Repeat the layers. After the last layer of greens, spoon a final mound of crab salad on top. Repeat with remaining 3 glasses. Serve with toa <END>
INPUT: virgin olive oil, garlic, onion, mussels ask at, vermouth
OUTPUT: TITLE: Big Mussels with Garlic and Vermouth | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, 2 turns of the pan; 2 cloves cracked garlic; 1 small red onion, thinly sliced; 1 1/2 pounds mussels -- ask at counter to check that they have been scrubbed; 1/2 cup white dry vermouth; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley leaves; Salt and pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat pan over medium high heat. Add oil, garlic and thinly sliced red onion, then mussels. Arrange mussels in a single layer. Add vermouth to the pan and cover. Cook until mussels open. Discard any unopened shells. Transfer mussels to a bowl. Pour juice over mussels and sprinkle with parsley, salt and pepper. You'll need a second bowl, for shells. <END>
INPUT: sauce, butter, walnuts, sugar, heavy cream, bourbon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Bourbon Walnut Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons butter; 1 cup toasted chopped walnuts; 2/3 cup brown sugar; 1 cup heavy cream; 5 tablespoons bourbon; 3 tablespoons milk; 1 tablespoon cornstarch | INSTRUCTIONS: Melt the butter in a saucepan over medium heat. Add the walnuts, stirring constantly. Add the brown sugar and cook until melted. Remove from the heat and carefully add the bourbon. Return to the heat and cook out the alcohol, about 3 to 5 minutes. Be careful as mixture may ignite. Add cream and bring to a slow boil. Combine milk and cornstarch. Add milk mixture into sauce stirring constantly until thickened. <END>
INPUT: cake, Butter, all purpose flour, sugar, baking soda, cinnamon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Carrot Cake | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Butter, for pans; 2 cups all-purpose flour; 2 cups sugar; 2 teaspoons baking soda; 2 teaspoons ground cinnamon; 1 teaspoon salt; 2 tablespoons canola or vegetable oil; 4 large eggs; 4 to 6 carrots, grated | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F. Butter a 9 by 13-inch sheet pan or 2 (8-inch) round pans. In a large bowl, sift together the flour, sugar, baking soda, cinnamon, and salt. Using a hand mixer, stream in the oil, and then beat in eggs, 1 at a time. Stir in the carrots until well combined. Pour into batter into prepared pan(s). Bake for 30 to 40 minutes or until toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean. Remove from the oven and allow to cool in the pans. Slice, as desired, and serve. This recipe was provided by professional chefs and has been scaled down from a bulk recipe provided by a re <END>
INPUT: pears, bundle arugula leaves, bosc pear, lemon, thyme leaves, virgin olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Prosciutto with Pears and Arugula | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 bundle arugula leaves; 1 ripe bosc pear; 1 lemon; 1 tablespoon fresh thyme leaves, finely chopped; Extra-virgin olive oil, for drizzling; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 8 slices prosciutto di Parma | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Place arugula in bowl. Quarter the pear lengthwise and remove the core. Cut into quarters and then in half again. Dress the pear with the juice of 1/2 lemon, thyme leaves, olive oil, salt and pepper. Place a few leaves of dressed greens on each slice of prosciutto with a slice of pear and roll up into a tight bundle. Cut each bundle in half, to make 16 pieces. <END>
INPUT: Indian, relish, coriander seeds, olives, wine vinegar, virgin olive oil, pita loaves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Green Olive and Coriander Relish | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon coriander seeds; a 9 1/2-ounce jar green olives (about 2 cups), rinsed and pitted; 3 tablespoons white-wine vinegar; 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; pita loaves, cut into wedges, as an accompaniment | INSTRUCTIONS: In a food processor grind coarse the coriander seeds, add the olives, the vinegar, and the oil, and blend the mixture until the olives are chopped fine. Let the relish stand, covered and chilled, overnight. The relish may be made 3 days in advance and kept covered and chilled. Serve the relish at room temperature with pita wedges. In a food processor grind coarse the coriander seeds, add the olives, the vinegar, and the oil, and blend the mixture until the olives are chopped fine. Let the relish stand, covered and chilled, overnight. The relish may be made 3 days in advance and kept covered an <END>
INPUT: minted, sorbet, lemon grass, water, mint leaves, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Minted Lemon Grass Sorbet | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 stalks fresh lemon grass, outer leaves discarded and root ends trimmed; 3 cups water; 3/4 cup fresh mint leaves, washed well and spun dry; 3/4 cup sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: Thinly slice as much of lemon grass stalks as possible, discarding dried thin upper portion. In a saucepan simmer water with lemon grass, covered, 5 minutes. Add mint and simmer, uncovered, 1 minute. Remove pan from heat and add sugar, stirring until dissolved. In a blender puree mixture and strain through a fine sieve into a bowl, pressing hard on solids. Chill syrup, covered, until cold and freeze in an ice-cream maker. Sorbet may be made 1 week ahead.; <END>
INPUT: cranberry, sauce, sugar, bourbon whiskey, cinnamon, coins, Zest orange
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cranberry Sauce with Bourbon and Vanilla Bean and Orange | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups sugar; 1/2 cup bourbon whiskey; 2 sticks cinnamon; 2 large coins peeled, fresh ginger; Zest of 1 orange; Juice of 4 oranges; 1 pound (about 4 cups) fresh or thawed frozen cranberries; 1 vanilla bean, seeds scraped | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine the sugar and bourbon, stirring well, in a 1-quart saucepan. Add the cinnamon, ginger, orange zest and juice. Bring the mixture to a boil over medium heat, stirring to dissolve the sugar. Reduce the heat to medium-low and simmer until the liquid begins to reduce a little bit, 5 to 7 minutes. Add the cranberries and vanilla bean and continue to simmer until the cranberries are soft and breaking apart and the sauce begins to thicken, 12 to 15 minutes. If desired, mash your cranberries with a sturdy whisk or potato masher, just to break up the cranberries, and simmer to thicken a little b <END>
INPUT: Indian, mangalorean, garlic, oil, onions, tomatoes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken Mangalorean | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 2 cloves garlic; 1 (1 1/2-inch) piece ginger root; 2 1/2 teaspoons oil, divided; 2 onions, finely diced; 2 tomatoes chopped; 1 (4-inch) cinnamon stick broken in 1/2; 6 cardamom pods; 10 whole cloves; 1/2 teaspoon cumin seeds; 1/2 teaspoon ground coriander; 1/2 teaspoon turmeric; 1 1/2 teaspoons salt; 2 pounds boneless skinless chicken thighs cut in 2-inch pieces; 1/2 (13.5-ounce) can coconut milk; 1/2 cup water | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine the garlic and ginger with about one1 tablespoon water in a small food processor and process to a paste. Set aside. Heat 1 teaspoon oil in a Dutch oven over medium-high heat. Add onions, tomatoes, garlic and ginger paste, cinnamon, cardamom, cloves, cumin, coriander, turmeric and salt. Cook 10 minutes, stirring occasionally. Add the chicken and stir. Cook 15 minutes uncovered, stirring occasionally. Cover and cook 5 minutes. Add the coconut milk and water. Cover and cook 10 minutes. Meanwhile, heat the remaining 1 1/2 teaspoons oil in a skillet over high heat until very hot. Add the mu <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, sauce, baby lima beans, water, ancho chiles, ginger, Calamata olives
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lima Beans in Olive Sauce | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 pounds dried baby lima beans, rinsed and soaked overnight; 8 cups water; 2 ancho chiles, roasted (see Note) and chopped; I tablespoon grated fresh ginger; 3/4 pound Calamata olives, stoned; 1/2 cup water, or as needed; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 2 large cloves garlic, minced; 10 large scallions, white part only, julienned and left to soak in ice water; 3 ribs celery, strings removed, julienned and left to soak in ice water; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; Juice of 1/2 lemon | INSTRUCTIONS: Drain the beans in a colander and combine them in a large saucepan with the water. Bring up to the boil, then reduce the heat so that the water is simmering. Cook the beans, covered, for 35 to 40 minutes, or until just tender. Drain and set aside. In a bowl, combine the roasted chiles and the ginger with 3/4 cup of hot water and let soak for 15 minutes. Transfer the chiles and ginger with their water to a blender and blend until smooth. Set the mixture aside. Again in the blender, combine the pitted olives with about 1/2 cup of water, or just enough to make them move through the blades, and bl <END>
INPUT: rubbed, relish, blood oranges, fennel, scallion, currants, wine vinegar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Tuna Rubbed with Fresh Mint with Orange and Fennel Relish | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 blood oranges (or regular, if out of season), peeled and segmented; 1/2 cup fennel, julienned; 3 tablespoons thinly sliced scallion; 1 tablespoon currants; 1/4 cup red wine vinegar; 1 teaspoon honey; Salt and freshly ground pepper; 4 tuna steaks; 1/4 cup fresh mint leaves; 2 tablespoons olive oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Mix together the oranges, fennel, scallion, currants, vinegar and honey in a medium bowl. Season with salt and pepper and let sit at room temperature for 30 minutes. Preheat grill. Rub each tuna steak on both sides with the mint leaves and brush with the olive oil. Season with salt and pepper and grill for 2 minutes on each side for rare or longer for desired doneness. <END>
INPUT: bread, cornmeal, sugar, baking soda, salt, eggs
OUTPUT: TITLE: Skillet Corn Bread | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cups yellow cornmeal (preferably stone-ground); 1 tablespoon sugar; 3/4 teaspoon baking soda; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 2 large eggs; 1 3/4 cups well-shaken buttermilk (do not use powdered); 1/2 stick unsalted butter; Equipment: a well-seasoned 10-inch cast-iron skillet | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 425°F with rack in middle. Heat skillet in oven 10 minutes. Meanwhile stir together dry ingredients in small bowl. Whisk together eggs and buttermilk in a medium bowl. Remove hot skillet from oven (handle will be very hot) and add butter, swirling skillet to coat bottom and side (butter may brown). Whisk hot butter into buttermilk mixture and return skillet to oven. Stir cornmeal mixture into buttermilk mixture just until evenly moistened but still lumpy. Scrape batter into hot skillet and bake until golden, 20 to 25 minutes. Turn out onto a rack and cool. Preheat oven to 425°F <END>
INPUT: Italian, gnocchi, parsnips, water, salt, all purpose flour
OUTPUT: TITLE: Parsnip Gnocchi | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 3 pounds parsnips, peeled, cut into 2-inch-long pieces; 3/4 cup water; 1/2 cup (1 stick) butter; 3/4 teaspoon salt; 1 cup all purpose flour; 4 large eggs; 1/2 teaspoon ground black pepper; 1 tablespoon minced parsley (optional) | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 400°F. Steam parsnips until tender, about 15 minutes. Transfer to baking sheet; roast until light brown, about 45 minutes. Puree in processor. Bring water, butter and salt to boil in heavy medium saucepan, stirring until butter melts. Reduce heat to low. Add flour all at once; stir vigorously until mixture forms ball, about 2 minutes. Transfer hot paste to bowl of heavy-duty mixer fitted with paddle attachment. Add eggs 1 at a time, beating well after each addition. Continue beating 1 minute. Add 2 cups parsnip puree to paste mixture (reserve any remaining puree for another use <END>
INPUT: American, rolled, sandwich, lightly baby arugula, lightly flat leaf, anchovy fillet, chives, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Rolled Chicken Sandwich with Arugula and Parsley Aioli | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup lightly packed baby arugula; 1/2 cup lightly packed fresh flat-leaf parsley; 1 anchovy fillet; 2 teaspoons chopped fresh chives; 1 small garlic clove, coarsely chopped; 1/4 cup mayonnaise; 1/2 cup lowfat plain yogurt; 1 teaspoon white wine vinegar; 1 teaspoon lemon zest; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 8 ounces roasted chicken breast, shredded (about 2 small chicken breasts); 4 (8-inch) whole-wheat tortillas (recommended: Guerrero); 1 1/3 cups baby arugula | INSTRUCTIONS: For the Aioli: Place all the ingredients, except the salt and pepper, in the bowl of a food processor. Blend until the mixture is smooth. Transfer the aioli to a medium bowl. Season with salt and pepper. For the Sandwich: Add the shredded chicken to the aioli and mix well. Preheat a heavy-bottomed skillet over medium heat. Using tongs, add the tortillas, 1 at a time, and cook until warm, about 30 seconds each side. Place the warm tortillas on a work surface and spread with the chicken mixture, leaving a 1/2-inch border. Sprinkle the arugula over the chicken mixture. Carefully roll up the torti <END>
INPUT: mediterranean, salad, virgin olive oil, Juice lemon, garlic, Tabasco sauce, paprika
OUTPUT: TITLE: Light Mediterranean Salad with Lamb Chops | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil; Juice of 1 large lemon; 1 tablespoon minced garlic; 1 1/2 teaspoon Tabasco sauce; 1/2 teaspoon paprika; Salt and freshly ground black pepper, to taste; 4 loin or rib lamb chops, cut 1 inch thick; 3/4 cup peeled and diced (1/4 inch) cucumber; 1 diced (1/4 inch) green bell pepper; 2 large ripe tomatoes, diced (1/4 inch); 4 scallions, thinly sliced; 1 Tbsp chopped fresh dill; 1/2 tablespoon plain nonfat yogurt; Juice of 1/2 lemon; 1 small clove of garlic, grated | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. Combine all of the marinade ingredients in a bowl. Add the chops, coat well and refrigerate, covered, to marinate for 20 minutes. 2. Meanwhile, combine all of the salad ingredients in a single large bowl. 3. Combine all of the dressing ingredients, then fold into the salad. Refrigerate the salad for up to 2 hours before serving, if necessary. 4. Remove the lamb chops from the marinade. Broil or grill about 3 inches from the heat source for 4 to 5 minutes on each side for medium-rare meat. Serve immediately with the salad alongside. 1. Combine all of the marinade ingredients in a bowl. Add t <END>
INPUT: colorful, infused, olive oil, Chilean sea bass, poblano pepper, bell pepper, leeks
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pan Seared Chilean Sea Bass, Roasted Baby Corn, and Colorful Pepper Infused Broth | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons olive oil; 28 ounces Chilean sea bass cut into 7-ounce portions; 1 poblano pepper, julienned; 1 red bell pepper, julienned; 8 ounces leeks, diced; 3 ounces white wine; 2 1/2 cups fish stock; Salt and pepper, to taste; 16 ears baby corn, grilled | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. In a hot saute pan, add olive oil and Chilean sea bass. Saute until brown on both sides. Remove from pan. Finish cooking the fish in the oven, about 3 to 5 minutes or until done. In the saute pan, add the peppers, leeks and saute until tender. Deglaze with white wine, reduce by two thirds, and add the fish stock and reduce by a quarter. Season with salt and pepper. In a large bowl, add the fish broth. Place the sea bass in the center of the bowl. Garnish with the corn. <END>
INPUT: curried, salad, vegetables oil, millet, water, onion, shiitake mushrooms
OUTPUT: TITLE: Curried Millet, Shiitake, and Corn Salad Restey | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 tablespoons vegetables oil; 1 cup millet*; 2 cups water; 1/2 onion, chopped fine; 1/4 pound fresh shiitake mushrooms, stems discarded and caps chopped fine (about 1 1/2 cups); 2 cups fresh corn (cut from about 4 ears), or frozen, thawed; 1/2 teaspoon curry powder; 1 tablespoon soy sauce; 1 tablespoon seasoned rice-wine vinegar; 1/3 cup fresh parsley leaves, washed well, spun dry, and chopped fine; *available at natural foods stores | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large skillet heat 1 tablespoon oil over moderately high heat and cook millet, stirring frequently, about 3 minutes, or until it makes popping sounds and begins to turn golden. Remove skillet from heat. In a small saucepan bring water to a boil and stir in millet. Cook millet, covered, over low heat 20 minutes, or until water is absorbed. Transfer millet to a large bowl and fluff with a fork. In cleaned skillet heat 1 tablespoon oil over moderately high heat until hot but not smoking and sauté onion, stirring, until softened. Add shiitake and cook, stirring, until softened, about 2 minute <END>
INPUT: tart, all purpose flour, salt, confectioners' sugar, egg yolks
OUTPUT: TITLE: Almond Tart with Strawberries | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cups all-purpose flour; Pinch salt; 1 1/2 cups (3 sticks) plus 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, chilled; 1/2 cup confectioners' sugar, plus more for sprinkling; 2 large egg yolks; 1 1/2 cups whole blanched almonds; 1 cup plus 2 tablespoons superfine sugar; 3 large eggs; 1 pint large strawberries, hulled and cut into quarters | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat oven to 350 degrees F. In the bowl of a food processor, combine flour and salt. Cut 11 tablespoons butter, into pieces, and add to bowl. Process until the mixture resembles coarse crumbs. Add 1/2 cup confectioners' sugar and egg yolks. Pulse until the mixture begins to form clumps. Transfer to plastic wrap, and flatten into a disk. Chill until very firm, about 1 hour. Coarsely grate the pastry into a 12-inch loose-bottomed, fluted tart pan. Using the palm of your hand, gently press the pastry evenly into the pan, making sure to cover the bottom and sides of the tart pan completely. Line t <END>
INPUT: onions, garlic, thyme, lemon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Chicken 101 | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 (6-pound) roasting chicken; 2 medium onions, peeled, sliced crosswise 1/2-inch thick; 3 garlic cloves, smashed; 4 sprigs fresh thyme; 1 lemon; 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, room temperature; Coarse salt and freshly ground pepper; Pan Gravy, recipe follows | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. To ensure even cooking, remove chicken from the refrigerator, and let it stand at room temperature for 30 minutes. If the chicken comes with a plastic pop-up thermometer, discard it; the readings are often inaccurate. After rinsing the chicken inside and out with cold running water, dry it with paper towels. Tuck the tips of the wings under the bottom to keep them from burning. Place onion slices in 2 rows in a heavy-duty roasting pan to form a bed for the chicken. The onions will flavor the chicken and the pan juices that form the base of the gravy. To help  <END>
INPUT: onions, olive oil, bell peppers, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sauteed Onions and Peppers | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 large yellow onions; 1/4 cup olive oil; 2 red bell peppers, julienned; 2 yellow bell peppers, julienned; 2 cloves garlic, minced; 1/4 cup sherry vinegar; 1 tablespoon tomato puree; 1/2 teaspoon red pepper flakes; 1 teaspoon kosher salt; 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Cut the onions in half, and then slice them into 1/8-inch-thick half-rounds. (You will have about 10 cups of onions.) Heat the olive oil in a large saute pan over medium heat. Add the onions and saute for 15 to 20 minutes. Add the peppers, garlic, vinegar, tomato puree, pepper flakes, salt and pepper and continue cooking an additional 10 minutes. <END>
INPUT: relish, garlic, distilled vinegar, sugar, thyme
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pickled-Chile Relish | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 head garlic; 1/2 pound fresh red, yellow, and/or orange hot chiles; 1 cup distilled white vinegar; 1 tablespoon sugar; 1 bunch thyme; Equipment: 4 (1/4-pint) canning jars with screw bands and lids; canning tongs | INSTRUCTIONS: Make chile relish: Preheat oven to 350°F with rack in middle. Cut off and discard top of garlic head to expose cloves, then wrap head in foil and bake until very tender, about 45 minutes. Cool to warm, then peel cloves and transfer to a food processor. Stem chiles and add to processor along with vinegar, sugar, and 1 1/2 teaspoons salt. Pulse until finely chopped. Simmer chile mixture in a small saucepan, stirring, 2 minutes. Preheat oven to 350°F with rack in middle. Cut off and discard top of garlic head to expose cloves, then wrap head in foil and bake until very tender, about 45 minutes. C <END>
INPUT: ruthie, zucchini into rounds, bread crumbs, Parmesan cheese, flour, eggs
OUTPUT: TITLE: Ruthie's Zucchini Rounds | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 medium zucchini cut into 1/4 inch rounds; 2/3 cup bread crumbs; 1/3 cup Parmesan cheese; 1 cup flour; 2 whole eggs; 2 tablespoons butter | INSTRUCTIONS: In a shallow dish , combine bread crumbs and Parmesan cheese; set aside. Place flour in shallow dish; set aside. Beat two eggs in shallow dish and set aside. Heat 2 tablespoons butter in skillet over medium heat. Season zucchini rounds with salt and pepper. Dredge in flour, beaten egg, then bread crumb mixture. Saute until golden brown. <END>
INPUT: Asian, sushi rice, lotus leaf, shiitake mushrooms, peanut oil, links Chinese sausage
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lotus Rice With Sausage | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 3 cups sushi rice; 1 large dried lotus leaf; 8 dried shiitake mushrooms; 3 tablespoons peanut oil; 3 links dried Chinese sausage, diced; 1 cup chopped scallions; 3 tablespoons grated peeled ginger; Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper; 1 cup diced jicama (about 1/2 medium jicama); 3 tablespoons low-sodium soy sauce; 3 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce; 2 teaspoons toasted sesame oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook the rice as the label directs. Spread out on a rimmed baking sheet and let cool. Soak the lotus leaf in a roasting pan with warm water until pliable, about 1 hour. Soak the mushrooms in a bowl with 2 cups warm water until softened, about 30 minutes. Drain the mushrooms, reserving the liquid, and dice; discard the stems. Heat the peanut oil in a large skillet over high heat. Stir-fry the sausage until golden, about 3 minutes. Add the scallions and ginger and stir-fry 30 seconds. Season with salt and pepper. Add the jicama and mushrooms and cook until just soft, 2 to 3 minutes. Add the mush <END>
INPUT: applesauce, quinces, apples, honey sugar, lemon juice, cinnamon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Quince Applesauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 quinces, cut in sixths for a pressure cooker or thinly sliced for for a food mill; 3 pounds apples, quartered; honey or sugar; fresh lemon juice; 1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon, cardamom, or allspice or a pinch of ground cloves, optional | INSTRUCTIONS: If you're using a food mill, put the apples and quince in a pot, add 1/3 cup water, cover securely, and cook until the apples are completely tender, about 20 minutes. Or put them in a pressure cooker with 3 tablespoons water, bring the pressure to high, and cook for 10 minutes. Release the pressure or let it fall by itself. Pass the cooked fruit through the food mill into a clean pot. Taste and sweeten with honey if the sauce is tart or add the lemon juice if the apples are too sweet. Add the spices. Simmer for 5 minutes, then cool. If you're not using a food mill, peel and core the apples and <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, salad, baby arugula, cubes seedless watermelon, feta cheese, balsamic vinegar glaze
OUTPUT: TITLE: Watermelon, Feta, and Arugula Salad with Balsamic Glaze | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 1 5-ounce package baby arugula; 8 cups 3/4-inch cubes seedless watermelon; 1 7-ounce package feta cheese, crumbled; 2 tablespoons balsamic vinegar glaze | INSTRUCTIONS: Arrange arugula over large platter. Scatter watermelon, then feta over. Drizzle with balsamic glaze and sprinkle with pepper. Arrange arugula over large platter. Scatter watermelon, then feta over. Drizzle with balsamic glaze and sprinkle with pepper. <END>
INPUT: poblano pepper, Homemade Mayo, honey, cumin, granulated garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Poblano Mayo | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 small poblano pepper; 1 cup store-bought or Homemade Mayo, recipe follows; 2 teaspoons honey; 1/2 teaspoon ground cumin; 1/2 teaspoon granulated garlic; Kosher salt; 4 large egg yolks; 2 tablespoons lemon juice; 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard; 1 1/2 cups grapeseed or vegetable oil; Salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Roast the whole poblano over an open flame on your stove-top until all sides are charred black, 5 to 6 minutes per side. Let rest in a paper bag until cool, about 15 minutes. Peel off the charred skin, and then remove the stem, seeds and ribs. Mince the pepper. Stir together the minced poblano with the mayo, honey, cumin, garlic and some salt. In a food processor, process the egg yolks, lemon juice and Dijon for 10 seconds. Slowly stream in the oil while the food processor is running, until emulsified, 25 to 30 seconds, scraping down sides if necessary. Season with salt. <END>
INPUT: Asian, broccoli, garlic, sesame seeds, vegetable oil, hot pepper flakes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sesame Spinach and Broccoli | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 bunch broccoli (about 1/2 pound); 1 garlic clove; 1 tablespoon sesame seeds; 1 teaspoon vegetable oil; 1/4 teaspoon dried hot red pepper flakes; 1 bunch spinach (about 1 pound); 2 teaspoons Asian sesame oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Cut broccoli into 1-inch flowerets and cut stems lengthwise into 2 x 1/4-inch sticks. Mince garlic. In a dry 10-inch heavy skillet toast sesame seeds over moderate heat, stirring, until golden and transfer to a small bowl. In skillet heat vegetable oil over moderate heat until hot but not smoking and cook broccoli, garlic, and red pepper flakes, stirring occasionally, until broccoli is crisp-tender, about 7 minutes. Add spinach and cook, stirring, until wilted, about 2 minutes. Remove skillet from heat and toss vegetables with sesame oil, seeds, and salt to taste. Cut broccoli into 1-inch flow <END>
INPUT: sweet potatoes, coconut oil, Fine salt, almond butter, banana
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sweet Potato Toast with Almond Butter, Banana and Toasted Coconut Chips | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 medium sweet potatoes (about 1 pound total); 1 tablespoon coconut oil, melted; Fine salt; 4 tablespoons almond butter; 1 large banana, peeled and thinly sliced; 1/4 cup toasted coconut chips | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F. Slice off the 4 long sides of each of the sweet potatoes so the potatoes are squared off and sit flat on a cutting board. Slice the potatoes lengthwise into 1/2-inch-thick planks, about 5-inches-by-2-inches (you should get 3 planks per sweet potato). Combine the sweet potatoes, coconut oil and a pinch of salt in a medium bowl and toss gently to coat. Spread them out on a baking sheet and roast, flipping halfway through, until lightly browned and tender when pierced with a knife, about 15 minutes. Remove the sweet potato toasts to 2 plates. Divide the almond b <END>
INPUT: bread, unsalted butter, sugar, eggs, orange juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Orange Bread | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup unsalted butter, at room temperature; 1/4 cup sugar; 1/4 cup brown sugar, packed; 2 large eggs; 1/2 cup orange juice; 1/2 teaspoon vanilla; 2 tablespoons grated orange zest; 2 cups all-purpose flour; 2 teaspoons baking powder; 1/2 teaspoon salt; Confectioners sugar, for serving; Cranberry butter, for serving (recipe follows) | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. In a large mixing bowl, cream the butter and both sugars together with an electric mixer. Beat in the eggs, one at a time, then mix in the orange juice, vanilla, and orange zest. Add the flour, baking powder, salt, orange zest, and vanilla and mix together well. Generously butter and flour a 10 inch bundt pan and scoop the batter into it, smoothing the top with a spatula. Bake for 30 to 35 minutes, or until the sides shrink away from the pan and the center of the loaf springs back. Cool the pan on a rack for 10 minutes, then turn out onto a round platter. Spr <END>
INPUT: russet, rendered goose fat, garlic, unsalted butter, parsley leaves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Potatoes Roasted in Goose Fat | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 russet (baking) potatoes (about 2 pounds); 1/2 cup rendered goose fat; 2 teaspoons minced garlic; 1 tablespoon unsalted butter; 1 1/2 tablespoons minced fresh parsley leaves (preferably flat-leafed) | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 325°F. Have ready a bowl of cold water. Peel potatoes and witha 3/4-inch melon-ball cutter cut out potato balls, dropping into water as cut. Drain potatoes in a colander and transfer them to several layers of paper towels, patting very dry. In a 12-inch ovenproof heavy skillet (preferably cast-iron) heat goose fat over moderate heat until hot but not smoking. Add potatoes, stirring to coat with fat, and roast in middle of oven, turning potatoes every 15 minutes, until crisp and golden, about 45 minutes. While potatoes are roasting, in a very small saucepan cook garlic in butter <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, salad, beans, shallot, balsamic vinegar, olive oil, Kosher salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Green Bean Salad | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/4 pounds thin green beans, trimmed; 1 shallot, minced; 3 tablespoons balsamic vinegar; 1/4 cup olive oil; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 3 ounces mixed baby greens; 1 pint cherry tomatoes, sliced in 1/2; 1/4 cup fresh basil chiffonade; 1/4 cup shelled, salted and roasted pistachios; 6 ounces crumbled feta cheese | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Blanch green beans in a large pot of salted water until bright green and crisp tender, about 2 minutes. Shock beans in a large bowl of ice water. Drain and dry well. In a small bowl, whisk together the shallot, vinegar, and olive oil. Season the vinaigrette with salt and pepper. Spread baby greens out onto a large platter, top with the cherry tomatoes, green beans, and basil. Drizzle vinaigrette over the vegetables and sprinkle with pistachios and crumbled feta. <END>
INPUT: American, tarts, virgin olive oil, unsalted butter, onions, sugar, Kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Caramelized Onion and Goat Cheese Tarts | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1 tablespoon unsalted butter; 1 1/2 cups frozen chopped onions, thawed; 1 tablespoon sugar; Kosher salt; 4 ounces goat cheese, room temperature; 1 large egg; 2 tablespoons heavy cream; 1 teaspoon freshly chopped thyme leaves; 1 (14-ounce) box refrigerated pie crust | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: 1 (12-count) nonstick mini muffin tin In a large heavy-bottomed skillet over medium heat, add the oil and butter. When the butter is melted, add the onions, sugar, and salt, to taste. Cook until the onions begin to brown. Adjust the heat to low and cook slowly, turning often, until the onions are golden brown and caramelized, about 10 to 15 minutes. Remove the onions from the heat and set aside to cool. Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. In a bowl combine the goat cheese, egg, cream, and thyme. Pour the mixture into a small resealable plastic food storage bag. Snip off a cor <END>
INPUT: Indian, coriander seeds, cumin seeds, pork picnic shoulder, Kosher salt, virgin olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Braised Pork Shoulder | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons coriander seeds, toasted; 2 tablespoons cumin seeds, toasted; One 4-pound boneless pork picnic shoulder, sliced in half along the grain; Kosher salt; Extra-virgin olive oil; 1 fennel bulb, sliced; 1 large onion, sliced; Pinch crushed red pepper; 4 cloves garlic, smashed and finely chopped; 2-inch piece fresh ginger, peeled and finely grated; 2 cups dry white wine; 1/4 cup Dijon mustard; 3 bay leaves; 1 bundle fresh thyme; 3 to 4 cups chicken stock | INSTRUCTIONS: Using a spice grinder, grind the coriander and cumin seeds until they are a fine powder. Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Sprinkle the pork shoulder with the ground spices and salt, then tie each piece so they cook evenly. Coat a Dutch oven with olive oil and bring to a high heat. Brown the first pork on all sides. Remove the pork from the pan and reserve. Ditch the fat in the pan and give a few drops of new oil. Repeat with the second pork and remove. Lower the heat to medium and toss in the fennel and onions and season them with salt and a sprinkle of crushed red pepper. Cook the onions an <END>
INPUT: mousse, heavy cream, lemon curd, blueberries, mint garnish
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lemon Curd Mousse | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup heavy cream; 1/2 cup prepared lemon curd; Fresh blueberries, rinsed and dried; Fresh mint sprigs for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: With chilled beaters whip the heavy cream until thick. Fold the whipped cream into the lemon curd. Either blend the lemon mousse into blueberries. Or, layer mousse, fresh blueberries, and mousse in a wine glass; garnish with fresh mint. <END>
INPUT: American, Single Crust Classic, eggs, sugar, butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Caramel Pecan Pie | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: Single Crust Classic Crisco Pie Crust; 3 large eggs; 2/3 cup sugar; 1 (12.25 oz.) jar Smucker's® Caramel Flavored Topping; 1/4 cup butter, melted; 1 1/2 cups pecan halves | INSTRUCTIONS: HEAT oven to 350 degrees F. Prepare recipe for single crust pie. Roll out and place in 9-inch pie plate. Press to fit without stretching dough. Trim even with pie plate. Flute edges. BEAT eggs slightly with fork in medium bowl. Add sugar, stirring until dissolved. Stir in topping and butter until blended. Stir in pecan halves. Pour into crust. BAKE 45 minutes or until knife inserted in center comes out clean. Cool completely. <END>
INPUT: Italian, sauce, virgin olive oil, Salt pepper, plum tomatoes, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tuna Steaks with Tomato and Basil Raw Sauce | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: Extra-virgin olive oil, for drizzling, plus 2 to 3 tablespoons; 4 (1-inch) tuna steaks, 6 to 8 ounces each; Salt and pepper; 6 plum tomatoes, chopped; 1 small red onion, chopped; A handful parsley leaves, chopped; 1/2 cup torn or chopped fresh basil leaves, about 10 | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat a grill pan or indoor/outdoor grill to high. Drizzle extra-virgin olive oil over the tuna steaks spread it around then season with salt and pepper. Combine tomatoes, onions, parsley and basil in a bowl. Dress with extra-virgin olive oil, enough to coat the tomatoes evenly, 2 to 3 tablespoons. Season the tomatoes with salt and pepper, to taste. Let the sauce marinate at least 10 minutes. When you are ready to eat, grill steaks 2 minutes on each side for rare, 3 minutes for medium and 4 for opaque, well done. Stir sauce up then serve liberal amounts of it on top of the steaks. <END>
INPUT: chili
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mango Chili Sorbet | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 14 ounces (400 grams) sugar; 3 1/3 ounces (96 grams) dextrose; 2 1/4 ounces (63 grams) glucose powder; 1 1/4 ounces (36 grams) trimoline; 1/10 ounce (3 grams) sorbet stabilizer; Pinch salt; 2 pounds (900 grams) mango puree; 3 jalapenos, diced | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: an ice cream maker In a medium saucepan, combine 4 1/4 cups (1000 grams) water, the sugar, dextrose, glucose powder, trimoline, sorbet stabilizer and salt and bring to a boil over medium-high heat. Boil for 5 minutes and then set aside to cool. Once cooled, add the mango puree and diced jalapenos. Pour the mixture into an ice cream maker and process according to the manufacturer's instructions. <END>
INPUT: brothy, gigante, onion, carrots, celery, Kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Brothy Beans | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound dried gigante, baby lima, or cannellini beans, or chickpeas, soaked in water overnight, drained; 1 onion, halved; 2 carrots, peeled, halved crosswise; 2 celery stalks, halved crosswise; Kosher salt, freshly ground pepper; Olive oil (for drizzling) | INSTRUCTIONS: Place beans, onion, carrots, and celery in a large pot and add cold water to cover by several inches. Bring to a boil, then reduce heat and simmer very gently until beans are cooked almost all the way through, about 1 1/2 hours. Season with salt and continue to cook, adding more water if needed to keep beans submerged, until tender (outside skin should still be intact), 45–60 minutes. Discard onion, carrots, and celery. Transfer beans and broth to a serving dish or a large bowl; season very generously with salt (start with 2 Tbsp.) and pepper and drizzle with oil. Place beans, onion, carrots,  <END>
INPUT: American, purchased deep dish, all purpose flour, eggs, egg yolk
OUTPUT: TITLE: Brown Sugar-Buttermilk Pie | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 purchased frozen deep-dish 9-inch pie crust; 1 cup (packed) golden brown sugar; 3 tablespoons all purpose flour; 3 large eggs; 1 large egg yolk; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; 1 1/2 cups buttermilk; 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, cooled | INSTRUCTIONS: Position rack in center of oven and preheat to 400°F. Thaw pie crust 10 minutes. Bake crust until pale golden, about 12 minutes. Transfer to rack and cool. Reduce oven temperature to 350°F. Blend brown sugar and flour in processor. Add eggs, yolk and vanilla and process until blended. Add buttermilk and melted butter and process just to blend. Pour mixture into cooled crust. Bake pie until filling puffs and is almost set but center still moves slightly when pan is shaken, about 45 minutes. Cool pie on rack to room temperature. Chill until cold, at least 2 hours and up o 1 day. Cut into wedges  <END>
INPUT: Asian, olive oil, chicken breast, Salt pepper, bok choy, daikon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken Ginger and Honey | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 6 tablespoons olive oil; 5 pounds chicken breast, cut into strips; Salt and pepper; 1 bok choy, cut into julienne strips; 1 small daikon, cut into julienne strips; 1/2 Chinese cabbage, cut into julienne strips; 2 carrots, cut into julienne strips; 2 tablespoons peeled and minced fresh ginger; 1 teaspoon minced garlic; 3 tablespoons honey; 1 cup chicken stock; 1 teaspoon cornstarch; 2 tablespoons cold water; 1/2 pound fried vermicelli egg noodles; 1/2 cup minced fresh cilantro leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat 2 tablespoons olive oil in a large heavy skillet over medium-high heat. Season the chicken with salt and pepper. When the oil is hot, add the chicken strips and saute until chicken is just cooked through, about 4 to 5 minutes, depending on the size of the strips. Remove the chicken from the pan and set aside. Add 2 more tablespoons of olive oil to the skillet and heat over medium-high heat. Add the julienned vegetables and cook until crisp tender, about 2 to 3 minutes. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Remove the vegetables from the pan and set aside. Add 2 more tablespoons of olive  <END>
INPUT: Italian, drunken, Salt, spaghetti, virgin olive oil, garlic, anchovy fillets
OUTPUT: TITLE: Drunken Spaghetti | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: Salt; 1 pound spaghetti; 4 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped; 3 to 4 anchovy fillets, chopped; 3 dried chili peppers, crushed, optional; 2 cups red wine; Small bunch fresh Italian parsley, chopped; 1/2 cup freshly grated pecorino cheese | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring salted water to boil in a large pot. Add the spaghetti and cook for 6 to 7 minutes, pasta should still be a little firm in the middle (just before the pasta is al dente). In a saucepan, heat the extra-virgin olive oil. Add the garlic, anchovy fillets and chili peppers, and cook for about 2 to 3 minutes. Add the spaghetti to the pan, and toss well. Pour in the red wine, and cook until it has reduced and the spaghetti has finished cooking. Add freshly chopped parsley and grated pecorino cheese to pasta, and toss well. Remove the pasta from heat, transfer to a warm bowl and serve immediatel <END>
INPUT: American, straws, Pie crust mix, sharp cheddar cheese, Cayenne pepper, Salt taste
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cheese Straws | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 package Pie crust mix; 1 1/2 cups grated extra sharp cheddar cheese; Cayenne pepper, to taste; Salt to taste | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F. Add grated cheese to pie mix. Blend and add cayenne to taste. Roll out on lightly floured surface and cut in strips. The thinner you roll the dough the better. Put on cookie sheet and bake until slightly brown. Remove from oven and sprinkle with salt before removing from pan. Remove to racks and allow cooling. Store in covered container. <END>
INPUT: maple syrup, cinnamon, few grates nutmeg, heavy cream, mixed berries
OUTPUT: TITLE: Maple Cream Berries and Walnut Ice Cream | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup maple syrup; 1 cinnamon stick; A few grates of fresh nutmeg; 1 cup heavy cream; 2 pints mixed berries, black, raspberry and blue or, halved strawberries; 1 pint black walnut or maple walnut ice cream | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Combine maple syrup, cinnamon stick, nutmeg and cream in a small pot, bring to a bubble, reduce heat to low and simmer for 20 minutes. Remove from heat and combine with berries. Serve warm berries in small bowls topped with scoops of ice cream. <END>
INPUT: mashed, garlic, olive oil, Yukon gold potatoes, salt, milk
OUTPUT: TITLE: Garlic Mashed Potatoes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 head garlic, top sliced off; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 6 to 8 large Yukon gold potatoes, peeled and quartered; 1 tablespoon salt; 1 cup milk, warm; 1/2 stick butter, softened; Salt and black pepper, to taste | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. Place the cut garlic bulb on a piece of aluminum foil and drizzle with olive oil. Close the packet and bake in the oven for 40 minutes until softened. Put the cut potatoes in a large stockpot, cover with cold water, and add salt. Bring to a boil, then simmer until the potatoes are fork tender, about 20 to 30 minutes. Drain well in a colander. While the potatoes are still warm, press them through a potato ricer or food mill and into a mixing bowl. Whip in the warm milk and softened butter until incorporated and the potatoes are fluffy. Squeeze the roasted garlic c <END>
INPUT: spiced, firmly dark sugar, cinnamon, egg, vanilla extract
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spiced Almonds | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup firmly packed dark brown sugar; 3 tablespoons ground cinnamon; 1 large egg white; 1 tablespoon vanilla extract; 2 3/4 cups (11 ounces) whole natural almonds | INSTRUCTIONS: 1 large egg white 1 tablespoon vanilla extract 2 3/4 cups (11 ounces) whole natural almonds; <END>
INPUT: American, herbed, tomato sauce tomato, light sugar, apple cider vinegar, tomato paste, balsamic vinegar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Herbed Lamb Chops with Homemade BBQ Sauce | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: One 15-ounce can tomato sauce or tomato puree; 1/2 packed cup light brown sugar; 1/2 cup apple cider vinegar; 3 tablespoons tomato paste; 1 tablespoon balsamic vinegar; 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce; 2 teaspoons kosher salt; 1 cinnamon stick or a pinch of ground cinnamon; 1 clove garlic, peeled and smashed; 1 small onion, peeled and quartered, root end left intact; Vegetable oil cooking spray; 1 pound baby lamb chops (8 or 9 chops); 1 tablespoon kosher salt; 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 2 tablespoons olive oil | INSTRUCTIONS: For the barbecue sauce: Place the tomato sauce, sugar, vinegar, tomato paste, balsamic vinegar, Worcestershire sauce, salt, cinnamon stick, garlic and onions in a medium saucepan. Bring the mixture to a simmer and cook, stirring occasionally, until thick, about 1 hour. Cool for 30 minutes. Remove the onion, garlic and cinnamon stick and discard. Refrigerate until ready to use (for up to 1 week). For the lamb chops: Place a grill pan over medium-high heat or preheat a gas or charcoal grill. Spray the grill with vegetable oil cooking spray. Sprinkle the chops on both sides with the salt and pepp <END>
INPUT: mousse, unsweetened chestnuts, Confectioners' sugar, Rum, espresso coffee, Vanilla
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chestnut Mousse | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup canned unsweetened chestnuts (preferably packed in water); Confectioners' sugar; Rum to thin; Pinch instant espresso coffee; Vanilla; 1/2 cup heavy cream; Bittersweet chocolate | INSTRUCTIONS: In a food processor puree the chestnuts with enough confectioners' sugar to make it taste sweet. Add enough rum to make it the puree loose enough to fold into whipped cream; season with some instant espresso and vanilla. Chill until serving time. Whip the cream and sweeten lightly with confectioner's sugar and chill until serving time. Right before serving fold chestnut puree and cream together and transfer to serving glasses; garnish with shavings of bittersweet chocolate. <END>
INPUT: Asian, parfait, Ahi tuna, dashes hot pepper, chives, olive oil, Salt pepper taste
OUTPUT: TITLE: Ahi Tuna Parfait with Wasabi Tobiko Vinaigrette | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 4 ounces Ahi tuna, finely diced; 2 dashes hot pepper sauce; 1 tablespoon finely chopped chives; 1 teaspoon olive oil; Salt and black pepper to taste; 4 ounces wasabi tobiko; 2 ounces Osetra caviar; 1 tablespoon unsweetened whipped cream, per serving; Wasabi Tobiko Vinaigrette; 1/2 tablespoon Dijon mustard; 1/2 tablespoon rice wine vinegar; 1/4 cup canola oil; 1 tablespoon wasabi tobiko; Salt and black pepper to taste | INSTRUCTIONS: In a chilled bowl, mix tuna, hot pepper sauce, chives, olive oil, salt and pepper together. Using a PVC mold or empty can, build a parfait alternating layers with tuna and tobiko, then tuna and caviar. Top with whipped cream and garnish with chive points. Drizzle plate with vinaigrette. Mix all together. Should not be emulsified but a broken vinaigrette. Check for seasoning. <END>
INPUT: soup, bacon, butter, russet potatoes, garlic, parsnips
OUTPUT: TITLE: Parsnip and Potato Soup | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 slices bacon, cut into thirds; 2 tablespoons butter, plus more to serve; 2 large russet potatoes, peeled and diced (about 1 1/4 pounds); 4 cloves garlic, chopped; 3 to 4 large or 6 medium parsnips, peeled and chopped (about 3 cups); 1 onion, chopped; Black pepper; About 1/8 teaspoon grated or freshly grated nutmeg; 1 bundle fresh parsley, tied with string; 4 cups chicken stock, Poached Chicken recipe follows; Salt; 1 cup cream; Chives, chopped or snipped, for garnish; Sourdough rolls or English muffins, toasted and buttered, for serving; 1 small chicken (2 1/2 to 3 pounds) | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat a soup pot over medium-high heat. Add the bacon and render until crisp. Remove the bacon, finely chop and reserve for later use. Spoon off all but a few tablespoons of the smoky drippings. Melt the butter into the drippings and reduce the heat a bit. Add the potatoes and stir to coat. Add the garlic, parsnips, onions, some black pepper and nutmeg. Add the parsley, then partially cover the pot and cook to soften, 15 to 20 minutes, stirring occasionally; the color of the veg should be light golden. Remove the parsley. Puree the vegetables with the stock (in batches if necessary) in a food p <END>
INPUT: vegetables, squash, zucchini, eggplant, onion, Roma tomatoes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Balsamic Grilled Vegetables | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 medium yellow squash, sliced on bias; 1 medium zucchini, sliced on bias; 1 medium eggplant, sliced into 1/2-inch thick circles; 1 red onion, sliced in 1/2-inch thick circles; 2 Roma tomatoes, sliced in 1/2 lengthwise; 1 red bell pepper, stemmed, seeded, and quartered; 1 yellow bell pepper, stemmed, seeded, and quartered; 2 portobello mushroom caps, gilled and peeled; 3 green onions; Kosher salt; Freshly ground black pepper; 1/2 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 1/2 cup balsamic vinegar | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat grill to high. Prepare all vegetables. Place vegetables in a roasting pan with the mushroom caps and green onions. Season vegetables generously with salt and pepper, and toss with the olive oil and balsamic vinegar. Place vegetables, cut side down, on the hot grill and cook for a couple minutes on each side, or until tender and nicely marked by the grill. Remove from grill and toss with an additional 1/4 cup balsamic vinegar. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. <END>
INPUT: dumplings, broth, good quality bread, milk, veal, Kosher salt pepper, nutmeg
OUTPUT: TITLE: Veal Dumplings with Escarole in Broth | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 slices good-quality white bread; 1 cup whole milk; 1 1/4 pounds ground veal; Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper; Freshly grated nutmeg; About 1/3 cup crumbled gorgonzola dolce; 1 head escarole; 8 cups chicken stock; 1/3 bag extra-wide egg noodles; About 1/3 cup grated Parmigiano-Reggiano; 10 to 12 medium fresh sage leaves, very thinly sliced; 2 cloves garlic, grated or made into a paste; 1 egg, lightly beaten; EVOO, for drizzling; Lemon zest, for serving | INSTRUCTIONS: Soak the bread in the milk in a small bowl to soften. Put the ground veal in a large bowl and sprinkle with salt, pepper and a few grates of nutmeg. Add the gorgonzola, Parmigiano-Reggiano, sage, garlic and egg. Squeeze the liquid from the bread and crumble it into fine crumbs between your fingertips as you add it to the veal mixture. Drizzle in a little EVOO and gently mix until combined. Keep a bowl of warm water on hand for rolling the meatballs or use a 2-ounce scoop. Roll or scoop the meat mixture into balls, moistening your hands if not using a scoop, and place on a baking sheet or large <END>
INPUT: American, board, Soft cheese, Good olive oil, basil, Hard cheese, cheese
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cheese and Ham Board | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: Soft cheese, such as fresh goat cheese; Good olive oil; Fresh basil, cut; Hard cheese; Blue cheese; Grapes; Fig jam; Fig ball, sliced in half; 6 thick slices smoked ham; English honey mustard; English water crackers; Crisps; Baguette, sliced | INSTRUCTIONS: Place the fresh goat cheese in a small canning jar, drizzle olive oil over the top and sprinkle with basil. Decoratively place the canning jar and all the other ingredients on a wooden cutting board and serve. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, block tamarind seeds, uncooked shrimp, shallots, garlic, chicken broth water
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spicy Tamarind Shrimp | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 3-inch block tamarind with seeds,* cut into 4 pieces; 12 uncooked large shrimp; 1/3 cup chopped shallots; 4 garlic cloves, minced; 1/4 cup chicken broth or water; 2 1/2 tablespoons fish sauce (nam pla or nuoc nam)*; 2 tablespoons Chinese rice wine or dry Sherry; 1 1/2 tablespoons (packed) light brown sugar; 3 tablespoons vegetable oil; 1/2 small onion, cut into thin wedges; 2 green onions, cut into 2-inch lengths; 1 jalapeño chile, cut into thin rings; Chopped fresh cilantro | INSTRUCTIONS: Place tamarind in metal bowl; add enough boiling water to cover. Let stand 15 minutes to soften. Drain. Press pulp through sieve, reserving 3 tablespoons strained pulp. Using scissors, cut shell of each shrimp all the way to tail end, exposing vein. Remove vein. Loosen shrimp shells but do not remove. Mix shallots and garlic in small bowl; set aside 1 tablespoon shallot mixture. Tuck remaining shallot mixture under shrimp shells. Mix 3 tablespoons tamarind, broth, fish sauce, wine, and sugar in small bowl. Heat oil in heavy large skillet over high heat. Add reserved 1 tablespoon shallot mixtur <END>
INPUT: American, tartlets, all purpose flour, salt, Plugrá, San Pellegrino tap, potatoes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Maytag Blue Cheese and Potato Tartlets | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cups all-purpose flour; 1/8 teaspoon salt; 1/2 cup cold Plugrá (ultracreamy) butter or other unsalted butter, cut into bits; 3 to 4 tablespoons San Pellegrino or tap water; 3/4 pound small red potatoes; 1 cup heavy cream; 1 large egg yolk; 1/4 pound Maytag blue cheese, crumbled (3/4 cup); 1 1/2 teaspoons finely chopped fresh thyme; 1 1/2 teaspoons finely chopped fresh rosemary; Fleur de sel or other coarse sea salt for sprinkling; Special equipment: a pastry or bench scraper; 6 (4-inch) tartlet pans | INSTRUCTIONS: Make pastry: Blend together flour, salt, and butter with your fingertips or a pastry blender (or pulse in a food processor) just until mixture resembles coarse meal with some small (roughly pea-size) butter lumps. Drizzle evenly with 3 tablespoons water and gently stir with a fork (or pulse in processor) until incorporated. Squeeze a small handful of dough. If it doesn't hold together, add up to 1 tablespoon more water, stirring (or pulsing) until just incorporated, then test again. (Be careful not to overwork dough, or pastry will be tough.) Turn out dough onto a lightly floured surface and d <END>
INPUT: frosted, cupcakes, cake flour, sugar, Dutch process cocoa, baking soda
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate Pudding Frosted Cupcakes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cups cake flour; 1 1/2 cups sugar; 3/4 cup Dutch process cocoa powder; 1 1/2 teaspoons baking soda; 1 1/2 sticks (12 tablespoons) butter, room temperature; 3/4 cup buttermilk; 2 large eggs; 2/3 cup freshly brewed coffee, cooled to room temperature; Chocolate Pudding Frosting, recipe follows; 1 pint heavy whipping cream, very cold; 1/4 cup sugar; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; One 3.9-ounce box dry pudding mix, chocolate fudge flavor | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line two 12-cup muffin pans with cupcake liners and set aside. Sift together the flour, sugar, cocoa powder and baking soda and add to the bowl of a stand mixer. Add the butter, buttermilk and eggs and beat on low until moistened. Raise the speed to medium and beat until light and fluffy, 2 to 3 minutes. Add the coffee and beat until fully incorporated. Divide the batter evenly among the muffin cups, filling each about 3/4 full. Bake until a toothpick inserted into the center of a cupcake comes out clean, 22 to 25 minutes. Trans <END>
INPUT: french, toast, loaves par sourdough, eggs, butter, Orange Bourbon Butter, Spiced Pecans
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sourdough French Toast with Orange Bourbon Butter and Spiced Pecans | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 loaves par-baked sourdough baguettes; 4 eggs, beaten; Melted butter, for brushing griddle, optional; Orange Bourbon Butter, recipe follows; Spiced Pecans, recipe follows; 8 tablespoons (1 stick) unsalted sweet butter, softened; 1 tablespoon bourbon (recommended: Jack Daniels); 2 tablespoons orange zest; 1/4 cup sugar; 1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1/2 teaspoon ground cloves; 1/2 teaspoon ground fennel seed; 1/2 teaspoon ground star anise; 1/2 teaspoon finely ground black pepper; 1/2 cup pecan pieces | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat a large nonstick griddle or large skillet over high heat. Slice the bread on a diagonal into 1-inch slices. Thoroughly coat the bread with the beaten eggs, but do not soak the bread in the egg mixture—it will fall apart. Lightly brush the griddle with melted butter, if desired. Place the coated bread slices on the griddle. Cook over high heat until golden brown and cooked through, about 5 minutes per side. Remove from the pan to warm plates. Top each serving with 1 tablespoon Orange Bourbon Butter and sprinkle with 2 tablespoons Spiced Pecans. Serve immed <END>
INPUT: Mexican, salsa, New Mexico guajillo, garlic, Kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Dried Chile Salsa | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 12 dried New Mexico or guajillo chiles (about 2 ounces); 4 garlic cloves, unpeeled; 1 tablespoon (or more) apple cider vinegar; Kosher salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Toast chiles in a large heavy skillet over medium heat until slightly puffed and lightly darkened on both sides, about 2 minutes. Remove from pan; let cool. Add garlic to same skillet; cook, turning often, until skins brown in spots and cloves are soft, 10-15 minutes. Remove from pan. Let cool; peel. Stem chiles and halve lengthwise; discard seeds. Cut into pieces; transfer to a medium bowl. Cover with boiling water; let soak, mixing often, until softened, 25-30 minutes. Drain chiles, reserving soaking liquid. Transfer chiles, garlic, 1/2 cup soaking liquid, and 1 tablespoon vinegar to blender <END>
INPUT: Italian, pureed tomatoes, oregano, basil, salt, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lasagna | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: One 32-ounce can pureed tomatoes; 2 teaspoons oregano, dried; 2 teaspoons basil, dried; 1 1/2 teaspoons salt; 2 garlic cloves, minced; 2/3 cup red wine; 1 cup water; 2 large eggs, beaten; 1 1/2 pints ricotta cheese; 1/3 cup Parmesan cheese; 1 pound dry lasagna; 1 pound mozzarella, grated | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees. In a bowl, mix together the tomatoes, oregano, basil, salt, garlic, wine and water. In another bowl, beat the eggs with the ricotta and Parmesan cheese. Pour some sauce in the bottom of a 9-by-13-inch baking dish. Layer the lasagna, sauce, ricotta and mozzarella. Repeat layering twice, topping with mozzarella. Cover the pan with aluminum foil. Bake 1 hour, then remove foil and cook an additional 15 minutes. <END>
INPUT: Italian, risotto, herb, uncooked shrimp, shallots, arborio rice grain, Riesling other wine
OUTPUT: TITLE: Shrimp Risotto with Fresh Herb Butter | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 6 tablespoons (3/4 stick) butter, room temperature, divided; 1 pound uncooked large shrimp, peeled, deveined; 4 large shallots, chopped; 1 cup arborio rice or medium-grain white rice; 3/4 cup Riesling or other white wine; 2 1/2 cups clam juice; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh basil, divided; 2 teaspoons chopped fresh tarragon; Freshly grated Parmesan cheese | INSTRUCTIONS: Melt 3 tablespoons butter in large saucepan over medium-high heat. Add shrimp; sprinkle with salt and pepper. Sauté until almost opaque in center, about 3 minutes. Using slotted spoon, transfer shrimp to bowl. Add 1 tablespoon butter and shallots to same pan. Sauté 3 minutes. Add rice; stir 1 minute. Add wine. Stir until wine is absorbed, about 2 minutes. Add clam juice and bring to boil. Reduce heat. Simmer until rice is tender and risotto is creamy, stirring often, about 18 minutes. Meanwhile, blend remaining 2 tablespoons butter, 1 tablespoon basil, and tarragon in small bowl. Season herb b <END>
INPUT: Mexican, chips, corn tortillas, vegetable oil brushing, chili powder, salt, orégano
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chili Jack Tortilla Chips | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 16 corn tortillas; vegetable oil for brushing the tortillas; 1 tablespoon chili powder; 1 teaspoon salt; 1/2 teaspoon dried orégano, crumbled; 1 1/2 cups grated Monterey Jack (about 6 ounces) | INSTRUCTIONS: Brush the tortillas lightly on one side with the oil. In a small bowl combine well the chili powder, the salt, and the orégano, sprinkle the mixture over the tortillas, and scatter the Monterey Jack on top. Cut each tortilla into fourths with a pizza wheel or sharp knife, arrange the wedges on 2 large baking sheets, and bake them in a preheated 400°F. oven for 12 to 15 minutes, or until they are golden and crisp. Brush the tortillas lightly on one side with the oil. In a small bowl combine well the chili powder, the salt, and the orégano, sprinkle the mixture over the tortillas, and scatter th <END>
INPUT: Asian, eggs, cornstarch, Peanut oil, shrimp, Sichuan peppercorns
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sichuan-Style Crispy Shrimp with Garden Salad | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 2 eggs; 3 heaping tablespoons cornstarch; Peanut oil, for frying; 1 pound large shrimp (16/20), peeled and deveined; 1 tablespoon Sichuan peppercorns, toasted and ground; Sea salt; Crushed red dried chile flakes; 2 jalapenos, sliced 1/4-inch thick; 4 sprigs fresh basil, leaves separated; 2 lemons, sliced into wedges, for garnish; Garden Salad with Lemon Ginger Vinaigrette, recipe follows; 1 heaping tablespoon store-bought fried garlic pieces, optional; 1 heaping tablespoon store-bought fried shallot pieces, optional; 1/4 cup fresh lemon juice (about 1 lemon); 1 tablespoon light soy sauce | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large bowl, mix the eggs and cornstarch to make a batter. Set aside. Heat a wok over high heat and add enough peanut oil to fill a third of the way up the sides of the wok. Heat the oil to 350 degrees F, or until a cube of bread turns golden brown in 15 seconds and floats to the surface. Dip the shrimp in the batter and fry in batches until they turn golden brown and are cooked through, 2 to 3 minutes. Drain on paper towels. Sprinkle the shrimp liberally with the ground Sichuan peppercorns, sea salt and chili flakes. Dip the jalapeno slices in the batter and fry until golden. Drain on pap <END>
INPUT: American, killer, inside, bacon, onions, uncooked chorizo, Salt pepper, chuck
OUTPUT: TITLE: Killer Inside Out Burger with Worcestershire Tomato Ketchup | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 pound bacon, chopped; 1/2 cup minced red onions; 3 tablespoons fresh uncooked chorizo, casing removed; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 pounds ground chuck, 80/20 mix; 1/2 pound Swiss cheese, thinly sliced, about 8 slices; 4 kaiser rolls, split and toasted; Worcestershire Tomato Ketchup, recipe follows; 3 tablespoons olive oil; 1/4 cup diced red onion; 8 Roma tomatoes, skinned, seeded, cut into 1/4-inch pieces; 1 tablespoon chopped garlic; 2 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce; 1 tablespoon apple cider vinegar; 2 tablespoons sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. In a medium pan over medium to high heat, add bacon and onions and cook until the bacon is rendered but not crisp. Add the chorizo and cook until done. Season with salt and pepper. Remove the bacon mixture to a paper towel-lined plate to drain and cool. Preheat oven to 250 degrees F. Divide ground chuck into 8 equal parts. Form into a loose ball, and create 4-inch patties. Layer 1 piece of cheese onto the center of 1 patty. Top with 1/4 bacon mixture, another slice of cheese, then add another patty on top and gently seal edges and form into a patty, about 4 inche <END>
INPUT: Asian, baby creamer potatoes, onion, vegetable oil, Kosher salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Baby Turnips with Miso Butter and Fried Eggs | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 3 bunches (about 1 pound) baby turnips (ping pong ball size), greens and soft stems reserved; 8 small baby red creamer potatoes (about 1 pound), halved; 1 large red onion, peeled with root intact, cut into 6 wedges; 1/4 cup vegetable oil; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1/2 stick unsalted butter, at room temperature; 2 tablespoons yellow miso; 2 cloves garlic, finely grated; One 1-inch piece fresh ginger, peeled and finely grated; 4 scallions, thinly sliced (white and green parts kept separate); 4 to 6 large eggs | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F with a rack set on the middle shelf. Heat a large cast-iron pan over medium-high heat. Gently toss the baby turnips, potatoes and onion wedges with 2 tablespoons of the oil and a light sprinkle of salt and pepper. Carefully add to the hot pan and put in the oven to roast until the vegetables are golden brown and the potatoes are cooked through, 20 to 25 minutes. While the vegetables are roasting, prepare the miso butter. Stir together the butter, miso, garlic, ginger and half of the scallion greens. Thickly slice the reserved turnip greens and stems (about 1/2 <END>
INPUT: bottled horseradish, chives
OUTPUT: TITLE: Horseradish Chive Butter | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 sticks (3/4 cup) unsalted butter, softened; 2 tablespoons drained bottled horseradish; 2 tablespoons minced fresh chives | INSTRUCTIONS: In a small bowl cream together the butter, the horseradish, the chives, and salt and pepper to taste. Let the butter stand, covered, in a cool place for 1 hour to allow the flavors to develop. Serve the butter with grilled meat. In a small bowl cream together the butter, the horseradish, the chives, and salt and pepper to taste. Let the butter stand, covered, in a cool place for 1 hour to allow the flavors to develop. Serve the butter with grilled meat. <END>
INPUT: American, olive oil, shiitake mushrooms, garlic, whipping cream, crumbled Gorgonzola cheese
OUTPUT: TITLE: Filet Mignon with Gorgonzola Sauce | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons olive oil, divided; 1/2 pound fresh shiitake mushrooms, stemmed, sliced; 3 garlic cloves, minced; 1 1/2 cups whipping cream; 1 cup crumbled Gorgonzola cheese (about 4 ounces); 2 teaspoons minced canned chipotle chiles* (from canned chipotles in adobo); 8 (6-ounce) filet mignon steaks; *Dried, smoked jalapeos canned in a spicy tomato sauce called adobo; sold at some supermarkets and at specialty foods stores and Latin markets | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat 2 tablespoons olive oil in heavy large skillet over medium heat. Add shiitake mushrooms and sauté until soft, about 4 minutes. Add garlic and stir 1 minute. Add whipping cream and bring to boil. Reduce heat to medium and simmer sauce until thickened, about 4 minutes. Stir in Gorgonzola cheese and chipotles. Season sauce to taste with salt and pepper. DO AHEAD Sauce can be made 2 hours ahead. Let stand at room temperature. Sprinkle steaks with salt and freshly ground black pepper. Heat remaining 1 tablespoon olive oil in another heavy large skillet. Cook steaks in skillet until brown on bo <END>
INPUT: salad, dates, vegetable oil, lime zest, lime juice, Salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spinach Salad with Dates | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 pitted dates; 1/3 cup plus 1/4 cup vegetable oil, divided; 1 teaspoon finely grated lime zest; 1/4 cup lime juice; Salt; Pepper; 4 thinly sliced large shallots; 1 trimmed bunch flat-leaf spinach; 3/4 cup chopped dates | INSTRUCTIONS: Blend 2 pitted dates, 1/2 cup vegetable oil, 1 teaspoon finely grated lime zest, and 1/4 cup lime juice in a blender until smooth; season with salt and pepper. Heat 1/4 cup vegetable oil in a medium saucepan over medium-high heat and cook 4 thinly sliced large shallots, stirring often, until golden brown and crisp, 5–7 minutes; drain on paper towels and season with salt. Toss 1 trimmed bunch flat-leaf spinach and 3/4 cup chopped dates with dressing. Top with shallots. Blend 2 pitted dates, 1/2 cup vegetable oil, 1 teaspoon finely grated lime zest, and 1/4 cup lime juice in a blender until smoo <END>
INPUT: timbale, lengthwise into nopales, olive oil, garlic, onion, guajillo
OUTPUT: TITLE: Nopal Timbale | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 cups halved lengthwise and cut into strips nopales pieces; 3 teaspoons olive oil; 2 cloves chopped garlic; 1 red onion, finely sliced; 5 dried guajillo; 2 roasted red bell peppers, peeled and cut in strips; 5 tablespoons chopped cilantro; Salt and pepper; 30 cleaned king prawn; 10 blades lemongrass; Balsamic syrup (reduced balsamic vinegar); Cilantro oil; Carmelized onions; Sun-dried tomatoes; Chili oil (infused oil) | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat a medium sized pan with salted water until it reaches the boiling point. Add nopales and cook for 5 minutes. Drain the water and let cool. Heat frying pan, when hot add oil, garlic, onion, guajillos, and roasted red pepper. Saute for a few seconds, add nopales and cilantro, and season with salt and pepper. Skewer the prawns with lemongrass and either saute or grill them. Using a round mold, place the mixture of nopales in the center of a dish and press it with a spoon to form the timbale. Decorate plates with balsamic syrup and cilantro oil, and garnish with carmelized onion, sun-dried to <END>
INPUT: sambal, tomatoes, onion, virgin olive oil, wine vinegar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tomato Sambal | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 large or 3 medium red tomatoes, seeded and diced; 2 large or 3 medium yellow tomatoes, seeded and diced; 2 tablespoons coarsely chopped red onion; 4 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar; Coarse sea salt and freshly ground black pepper, to taste; freshly ground black pepper; 1 tablespoon chopped basil | INSTRUCTIONS: Place the tomatoes and the chopped onion in a large serving bowl. Add the oil, vinegar, salt, pepper, and basil, toss well, and allow to rest at room temperature for up to 1 hour before serving. Place the tomatoes and the chopped onion in a large serving bowl. Add the oil, vinegar, salt, pepper, and basil, toss well, and allow to rest at room temperature for up to 1 hour before serving. <END>
INPUT: French, bread, pudding, croissants
OUTPUT: TITLE: Croissant Bread and Butter Pudding | CUISINE: French | INGREDIENTS: 70g (5 tbsp) softened butter, for greasing; 6–8 croissants (crescent rolls), cut into large pieces; 50g (1/3 cup) raisins; 300ml (1 1/4 cups) double (heavy) cream; 300ml (1 1/4 cups) milk; 4 eggs; 1/2 tsp ground cinnamon; 70g (1/3 cup) caster (superfine) sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: Generously butter an ovenproof dish that measures about 20 x 30cm (8 x 12 inches). Arrange a single layer of croissant chunks, slightly overlapping, in the bottom of the dish. Scatter over some of the raisins, place another layer of croissant chunks on top and scatter over the remaining raisins. Press down gently with a fish slice or spatula. To make the custard, heat the cream and milk in a saucepan until the mixture comes almost to the boil. Remove from the heat. Meanwhile, whisk together the eggs, ground cinnamon and sugar in a large heatproof bowl set over a saucepan of simmering water unt <END>
INPUT: crumble, cherry pie filling, cherry preserves, cherries, pure almond extract
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cherry Almond Crumble | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Nonstick cooking spray; 1 cup prepared cherry pie filling; 1 cup cherry preserves; 1/4 cup dried cherries; 1 1/2 teaspoons pure almond extract; 1 cup quick-cooking oats; 1/2 cup dark brown sugar; 1/2 cup sliced almonds; 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 5 tablespoons butter, melted; Whipped non-dairy topping, or sour cream | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. Spray 4 (8-ounce) ramekins or custard cups with cooking spray. Stir pie filling, preserves, dried cherries, and almond extract in a large bowl to blend. Spoon cherry mixture into ramekins. Place ramekins on a cookie sheet. Toss oats, brown sugar, almonds, and cinnamon in medium bowl to combine. Drizzle melted butter over; stir to moisten. Sprinkle topping over cherry mixture. Bake for 20 minutes, or until topping is golden and cherry mixture bubbles. Serve warm with whipped topping or sour cream. <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, breads, all purpose flour, double acting baking, baking soda, salt, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sun-Dried Tomato and Olive Breads | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 3 cups all-purpose flour; 2 teaspoons double-acting baking powder; 1 teaspoon baking soda; 1 teaspoon salt; 2 tablespoons sugar; 2 garlic cloves, minced; 1 teaspoon crumbled dried rosemary; 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 1/2 cup drained and chopped sun-dried tomatoes packed in oil (available at specialty foods shops and some supermarkets), reserving 2 tablespoons of th; 2 large eggs; 1 1/2 cups milk; 3 tablespoons vegetable shortening, melted and cooled; 1/2 cup chopped pitted Kalamata or other brine-cured black olives; 2 tablespoons drained bottled capers, minced; 1/2 cup minced fresh parsley leaves (preferably flat-leaved) | INSTRUCTIONS: Into a bowl sift together the flour, the baking powder, the baking soda, the salt, and the sugar. In a small skillet cook the garlic with the rosemary and the pepper in the reserved oil from the sun-dried tomatoes over moderately low heat, stirring, until it is softened and fragrant but not brown. In a large bowl whisk together the eggs, the milk, the shortening, and the garlic mixture, add the flour mixture, and stir the batter until it is just combined. Stir in the sun-dried tomatoes, the olives, the capers, the parsley, and the Parmesan, divide the batter among 4 buttered and floured loaf p <END>
INPUT: Indian, lamb, stew, onions, turnips, carrots, fennel, oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lamb Stew | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 5 yellow onions; 2 turnips; 5 carrots; 1 stalk fennel; 1 cup cooking oil, divided; 1 1/2 gallons chicken stock; 1/2 head garlic; 1/4 gallon orange juice; 1/4 gallon apple cider; 1/4 cup coriander seeds; 1/8 cup fennel seeds; 1 star anise; 2 tablespoons cumin seeds; 1/8 cup orange zest; 1 teaspoon salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 500 degrees F. Cut the onions and turnips into quarters. Toss the onions, and turnips, carrots, and fennel lightly in oil and place them on baking sheets. Roast the vegetables for 30 minutes, stirring every 10 minutes. When vegetables are a dark caramel color, remove them from the oven. Reserve 1 onion, 1 carrot, 1 turnip, and the stalk of fennel; set aside. Put the remainder of the vegetables in a large pot with the chicken stock, garlic, orange juice, apple cider, coriander seeds, fennel seeds, star anise, cumin seeds, orange zest, salt and pepper. Cook the broth over hig <END>
INPUT: Mexican, skewers, sauce, lime juice, olive oil, sugar, cilantro, serrano chilies seeds
OUTPUT: TITLE: Halibut and Red Pepper Skewers with Chili-Lime Sauce | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup fresh lime juice; 4 tablespoons olive oil; 2 tablespoons sugar; 3 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro; 1 1/2 teaspoons minced serrano chilies with seeds; 1 1/2 pounds 1-inch-thick halibut fillets, cut into 1-inch cubes (about 30 pieces); 1 large red bell pepper, cut into 1-inch triangles (about 30 pieces); 6 green onions, cut into 1-inch lengths (about 30 pieces) | INSTRUCTIONS: Whisk fresh lime juice, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 tablespoons sugar, chopped fresh cilantro, and minced serrano chilies in small bowl until sugar fully dissolves. Let sauce stand 1 hour at room temperature to allow flavors to blend together. Season sauce to taste with salt and pepper. (Chili-lime sauce can be made 8 hours ahead. Cover and refrigerate. Bring sauce to room temperature before using.) Prepare barbecue (medium-high heat). Alternate halibut pieces, bell pepper pieces and onion pieces on six 10- to 12-inch metal skewers. Sprinkle with salt and pepper. Drizzle kebabs with remaining 2 <END>
INPUT: American, soaked, all purpose flour, powdered sugar, baking powder, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Apple Pie with Whisky-Soaked Cherries | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups all-purpose flour; 3/4 cup powdered sugar; 1 1/2 teaspoons baking powder; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 3/4 cup (1 1/2 sticks) chilled unsalted butter, cut into 1/2-inch cubes; 1/4 cup (or more) ice water; 1 cup dried tart cherries; 2 tablespoons Scotch whisky; 3 to 3 1/2 pounds medium-size Golden Delicious apples (about 8), peeled, halved, cored, thinly sliced; 1/2 cup (packed) golden brown sugar; 2 teaspoons ground cinnamon; 1 tablespoon whipping cream beaten with 1 tablespoon sugar (for glaze); Heavy cream or vanilla ice cream | INSTRUCTIONS: For crust: Blend first 4 ingredients in processor 5 seconds. Add butter and blend, using on/off turns, until coarse meal forms. Add 1/4 cup ice water. Blend until dough comes together in moist clumps, adding more ice water by teaspoonfuls if dough is dry. Gather dough into ball. Divide in half. Shape into disks. Wrap in plastic and chill 1 hour. Blend first 4 ingredients in processor 5 seconds. Add butter and blend, using on/off turns, until coarse meal forms. Add 1/4 cup ice water. Blend until dough comes together in moist clumps, adding more ice water by teaspoonfuls if dough is dry. Gather  <END>
INPUT: Asian, skewers, teriyaki sauce, sesame oil, ginger, garlic, lemon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Teriyaki Ginger Tuna Skewers | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 15 ounces teriyaki sauce (average 2 grams sugar per serving); 3 ounces sesame oil; 1 tablespoon fresh ginger, minced; 1 teaspoon fresh garlic, minced; 1 lemon, juiced; 1 tablespoon sugar substitute (recommended: Splenda); 2 pounds fresh tuna steak, cut into 1-inch cubes; 1 tablespoon sesame seeds, toasted | INSTRUCTIONS: Soak bamboo skewers in water for 30 minutes to 1 hour. (This will keep them from burning later). Mix all marinade ingredients together in a bowl. Submerge tuna cubes in marinade, cover, and refrigerate for at least 30 minutes. Preheat a grill or grill pan to high. Remove tuna from marinade and skewers from water, and thread tuna onto skewers. Place skewers on the edges of the grill with the longest part of the stick hanging off the edge away from the fire. Stay close by and turn the sticks by hand to keep from burning. Brochettes are done in just 3 to 4 minutes. Sprinkle with sesame seeds befo <END>
INPUT: Mexican, salsa, corn, tomatillos, sweet pepper, jalapeno pepper, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Corn and Tomatillo Salsa | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 4 ears corn; 1/2 pound tomatillos, papery skin removed and quartered; 1 large sweet red pepper, quartered and seeded; 1 jalapeno pepper, seeded and finely diced; 1 garlic clove, finely chopped; 1 small bunch cilantro, 1\4 cup chopped; 1/3 cup olive oil; 3 tablespoons white wine vinegar; 1 tablespoon sugar; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/2 teaspoon black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Peel back the corn husk, remove the silk, enclose the corn once again and grill the corn for 4-6 minutes over a hot flame. While the corn is roasting, add the tomatillos and red pepper to the grill and quickly char their exterior. Remove everything from the grill and allow to cool. When cool peel back the husk and, using a sharp knife, remove the corn kernels from the cob. Discard the cob. Cut the red pepper into a julienne and combine the corn, tomatillo, red pepper, jalapeno, garlic and cilantro in a bowl. To the bowl, add the oil, vinegar, sugar, salt and pepper and allow to marinate for se <END>
INPUT: potatoes, onions, olive oil, bread crumbs, Salt pepper taste
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted New Potatoes and Onions | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 15 small potatoes, each quartered; 10 small onions, each quartered; 1/4 cup olive oil; 1/4 cup dried bread crumbs; Salt and pepper to taste | INSTRUCTIONS: Toss potatoes and onions in olive oil, bread crumbs and salt and pepper. Place potatoes and onions around lamb in roasting pan. <END>
INPUT: inside, Non vegetable oil, Butter, peanuts, hazel nuts, granulated sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Inside Out Peanut Cake | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Non-stick vegetable oil spray; Butter; 2 2/3 cups peanuts, roasted; 1 3/4 cups hazel nuts, roasted; 1 1/2 cups granulated sugar; 1/2 cup turbinado sugar; 4 slices fresh ginger, (the size of a quarter); 1/4 teaspoon almond extract; 1/2 cup cake flour; 9 large egg whites; 2 tablespoons amaretto almond liqueur, plus 1 tablespoon; Chocolate Ganache, recipe follows; 1 cup peanut butter chips; Peanut Cream, recipe follows; Apricot Roses, recipe follows | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: Parchment paper Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Spray a 15 by 10 by 1-inch baking sheet with vegetable oil spray. Line the pan with parchment paper and butter the top of paper. Place nuts, both sugars, ginger slices, almond extract, and cake flour into food processor. Process until nuts are finely ground. Beat the egg whites in a large, clean bowl until stiff, forming peaks, but not dry. Fold nut mixture into beaten egg whites in 3 separate additions (the egg whites will collapse if too much nut mixture is added all at once). Add cake mixture to prepared pan and spread evenly <END>
INPUT: microwave, oatmeal, apple, rolled oats, cinnamon, kosher salt, water
OUTPUT: TITLE: Microwave Apple Cinnamon Oatmeal | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 apple, preferably McIntosh, cored and coarsely chopped; 1 cup rolled oats; 1/4 teaspoon ground cinnamon; Pinch kosher salt; 2 cups water; 2 tablespoons pure maple syrup; 1/4 cup toasted pecans | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine the apple, oats, cinnamon, and salt in a large microwave-safe bowl water, and stir in the water. Cover and seal with plastic wrap or a tight fitting lid and heat in the microwave on high until apples are soft and most of the liquid is absorbed, about 8 minutes. Stir in the maple syrup. Divide between 2 bowls and top with the nuts. Serve immediately. <END>
INPUT: devil, peaks, Paper cone, light sugar, eggs, pure vanilla extract
OUTPUT: TITLE: Devil's Peaks with Milk and White Chocolate | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Paper cone cups; 1/2 cup (1 stick) unsalted butter, softened at room temperature; 1 1/2 cups light brown sugar, packed; 2 eggs; 1 teaspoons pure vanilla extract; 6 tablespoons unsweetened cocoa powder, Dutch-process; 1 1/2 teaspoons baking soda; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 1 1/2 cups sifted cake flour; 2/3 cups sour cream; 3/4 cups hot coffee; 4 ounces milk chocolate, melted over hot water; 4 ounces white chocolate, melted over hot water | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Lightly butter and flour the paper cone cups. Loosely ball 1 square foot of foil and place into 1 section of a muffin tin. Repeat until the tin is full. Press down the center of each ball, creating an indentation that will allow the cone cups to stand upright in the oven as they bake. Place cone cups into foil. In a mixer fitted with a whisk attachment (or using a hand mixer), cream the butter until smooth. Add the sugar and eggs and mix until fluffy, about 3 minutes. Add the vanilla, cocoa, baking soda and salt and mix. Add half of the flour, then half of th <END>
INPUT: Italian, olive oil, wine vinegar, basil leaves, onion, kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Basil-Marinated Chicken | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon olive oil; 1 tablespoon red wine vinegar; 1 tablespoon chopped basil leaves, plus 4 sprigs for garnish; 1 tablespoon finely chopped red onion; 2 teaspoons kosher salt; 1 teaspoon whole black peppercorns; 1 clove garlic, chopped; 4 boneless, skinless chicken breast halves (about 2 pounds) | INSTRUCTIONS: Whisk together the oil, vinegar, basil, onion, salt, peppercorns, and garlic in a bowl. Transfer the marinade to a gallon-sized sealable plastic bag with the chicken and shake to combine. Refrigerate for at least 3 hours and up to 12 hours. When ready to cook, build a charcoal fire or preheat gas grill. Remove chicken from the marinade. Grill the chicken, turning once, until browned and just cooked through, about 4 minutes per side. Transfer the chicken to a platter and garnish with the basil sprigs. <END>
INPUT: cake, eggs, sugar, cornstarch, corn flour, butternut squash pumpkin
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pumpkin Cake | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 eggs, separated; 1/2 cup sugar; 1/3 cup cornstarch; 1/4 cup corn flour; 1 pound/500 g/2 cups butternut squash or pumpkin puree; 1/4 cup/60 ml rum; Zest of 1 orange; Cinnamon whipped cream, for serving | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F/175 degrees C. Grease and line a 9-inch/23-cm springform pan. Beat the yolks and sugar until light and pale. Beat in the cornstarch and corn flour until smooth. Beat in the pumpkin, rum and orange zest. Finally, in another bowl, beat the whites into peaks. Stir some of the whites into the pumpkin mixture to lighten it, then fold in the remaining whites. Pour the batter into the pan and bake until done, 45 minutes to 1 hour. Let the cake cool slightly before running a knife around the edges of the pan and removing the sides. Serve slightly warm (not too warm, o <END>
INPUT: oatmeal, cookies, old fashioned rolled, all purpose flour, baking soda, salt, unsalted butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: PB Oatmeal-Chocolate Chip Cookies | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup old-fashioned rolled oats; 1 1/4 cups all-purpose flour; 1/2 teaspoon baking soda; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1 stick unsalted butter, at room temperature; 1/2 cup packed light brown sugar; 1/2 cup granulated sugar; 1 cup creamy peanut butter; 2 large eggs; 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract; 2 cups semisweet chocolate chips | INSTRUCTIONS: Position racks in the upper and lower thirds of the oven; preheat to 350 degrees F. Spread the oats on a baking sheet and bake on the top rack, stirring occasionally, until lightly browned and toasted, 8 to 10 minutes; let cool completely. Whisk the flour, baking soda and salt in a small bowl. Beat the butter, brown sugar and granulated sugar in a large bowl with a mixer on medium-high speed until light and fluffy, about 3 minutes. Beat in the peanut butter until smooth, then beat in the eggs and vanilla. Reduce the mixer speed to low and beat in the flour mixture until incorporated. Stir in t <END>
INPUT: Mexican, flashed, turmeric, lime, salt, sugar, water
OUTPUT: TITLE: Steamed Halibut Flashed with Thai Bird-Kaffir Lime Oil Turmeric Fried Rice and Long Bean Salad | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 lime, juiced; 2 tablespoons salt; 2 tablespoons sugar; 4 cups water; 4 (6-ounce) thick fillets of halibut, square shaped; Red leaf or banana leaf for steaming; 4 each scallions, 1/16-inch ribbons; 1/2 cup peanut oil (Lion and Globe or an artisan roasted peanut oil); 6 fresh kaffir lime leaves, 1/16-inch ribbons; 3 Thai bird chiles, 1/16-inch slices; 1 tablespoon ginger, 1/16-inch ribbons; 1 tablespoon garlic, 1/16-inch slices; Salt and black pepper to taste; Canola oil to cook; 2 eggs, beaten | INSTRUCTIONS: Set up a steamer that can hold the 4 fillets. Mix lime juice, salt, sugar and water. Add the fish and brine for 20 minutes. Add the fillets to the steamer (should be lined with red leaf or banana leaf), top with the scallions and steam for 8 to10 minutes until cooked though. Meanwhile, in a small saucepan, heat the peanut oil very hot until almost smoking. Mix the kaffir, chile, ginger, garlic and salt and pepper. First plate the halibut and right before serving, add the mix to the hot oil, mix and immediately flash the halibut. Serve. It is recommended to use day old rice so that the drier ri <END>
INPUT: Salt, asparagus, lemon, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Asparagus | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Salt; 2 pounds asparagus, trimmed; 1 lemon, halved; Freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring a medium pot of water to a boil over medium heat. Season the water with salt and add the asparagus. Cook until tender-crisp then transfer the asparagus to a serving plate. Squeeze the juice of the lemon over the top and season with salt and pepper, to taste. <END>
INPUT: salad, sugar, unseasoned rice vinegar, star anise, water, salmon fillet skin
OUTPUT: TITLE: Salmon Salad with Fennel, Orange, and Mint | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup sugar; 1/4 cup unseasoned rice vinegar; 2 whole star anise*; 4 cups cold water; 1 1-pound salmon fillet with skin; 2 navel oranges; 4 cups very thinly sliced fennel (from 2 medium bulbs); 1 cup small fresh mint leaves; 2 tablespoons olive oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Place sugar, vinegar, star anise, and 4 cups cold water in large deep skillet. Season with salt and pepper. Bring to boil over high heat, stirring until sugar dissolves. Add salmon fillet, skin side up, to skillet. Cover skillet and remove from heat. Let stand 10 minutes. Using slotted spoon, turn salmon over; cover and let stand until salmon is just opaque in center, 5 to 6 minutes longer. Remove salmon from liquid and cool. Coarsely flake salmon into medium bowl, removing bones and skin; set aside. Cut top and bottom 1/4 inch off each orange. Stand 1 orange on 1 flat end. Using small sharp k <END>
INPUT: olives, chile, Yukon Gold potatoes, onion, garlic, virgin olive oil, hot pepper flakes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Octopus and Potatoes with Olives and Chile | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 pounds large Yukon Gold potatoes; 1 large red onion, sliced; 2 garlic cloves, coarsely chopped; 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil plus additional for drizzling; 1/2 teaspoon hot red-pepper flakes; 1/4 cup red-wine vinegar; 1 (15-ounce) can small white beans such as navy, rinsed and drained; 2 (4-ounce) cans octopus in olive oil, drained; 2 tablespoon black-or green-olive tapenade; 1/4 cup coarsely chopped flat-leaf parsley | INSTRUCTIONS: Peel potatoes and cut into 1-inch pieces. Generously cover with cold water in a medium saucepan and add 1/2 teaspoon salt. Simmer, partially covered, until just tender, about 12 minutes. Reserve 1 cup cooking water, then drain. Cook onion and garlic in oil with 1/4 teaspoon salt in a 12-inch heavy skillet over medium heat, stirring occasionally, until onion is just tender, about 8 minutes. Stir in red-pepper flakes and cook, stirring, 30 seconds. Add vinegar and cook until most of liquid has evaporated. Stir in potatoes, beans, octopus, tapenade, and 1/2 cup reserved cooking water and cook unt <END>
INPUT: olive oil, pine nuts, garlic, fennel bulb, lemon juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sauteed Fennel, Radicchio, and Pine Nuts | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon olive oil; 1 tablespoon pine nuts; 1 large garlic clove, sliced; 1/2 fennel bulb (sometimes called anise), trimmed and cut lengthwise into 1/4-inch slices; 1 teaspoon fresh lemon juice; 1/2 head radicchio, cut into one inch pieces | INSTRUCTIONS: In a 10-inch non-stick skillet heat oil over moderately high heat until hot but not smoking and sauté pine nuts, stirring until golden. With a slotted spoon transfer pine nuts to paper towels to drain. In a skillet cook garlic over moderate heat, stirring , until golden and with a slotted spoon discard. Add fennel to skillet and cook, stirring, until golden, about 2 minutes. Add lemon juice and salt and pepper to taste and cook until fennel is crisp-tender. Stir in radicchio and sauté mixture over moderately high heat, tossing with 2 wooden spoons, just until radicchio is wilted and tender. Ad <END>
INPUT: sour, cream, virgin olive oil, pork, fennel seeds, paprika smoked sweet, handful flat leaf
OUTPUT: TITLE: Savory Sour Cream and Chive Waffles with Sausage and Lingonberry Syrup | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil; 1 pound ground pork, chicken or turkey breast; 2 teaspoons fennel seeds; 2 teaspoons paprika or smoked sweet paprika; A handful fresh flat-leaf parsley, finely chopped; 1 tablespoon grill seasoning, preferred brand Montreal Steak Seasoning; 1 cup lingonberry preserves; A couple cloves; 1 cinnamon stick; 1 tablespoon lemon juice; Splash water; 1 1/2 cups all-purpose flour; 1 1/2 teaspoons baking powder; 1 1/2 teaspoons baking soda; A couple pinches salt | INSTRUCTIONS: I do not bake and I therefore borrow the baking powder and soda from my neighbors. I measure everything with my morning coffee cup and teaspoon that I stir my first cup with. If you bake and have legit measuring devices on hand, you might want to refrain from using them because these waffles rule but only if you make them my way. Heat the olive oil in a large skillet. Mix the ground meat with fennel, paprika, parsley and grill seasoning. Form 8 small 2 to 3-inch patties and add to the hot skillet, cook 3 to 4 minutes on each side. Keep warm. Preheat a waffle iron. Warm preserves with cloves, c <END>
INPUT: Bosc pears, lemon juice, water, wine, honey
OUTPUT: TITLE: Honey-Poached Pears with Mascarpone | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 firm but ripe large Bosc pears, peeled, halved, cored; 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 1 cup water; 1/2 cup dry white wine; 6 tablespoons honey; 1/2 vanilla bean, split lengthwise; 1/2 cup mascarpone cheese*; 2 teaspoons sugar; 2 teaspoons brandy or dark rum | INSTRUCTIONS: Toss pears with lemon juice in large bowl. Set aside. Combine 1 cup water, wine and honey in medium saucepan. Scrape in seeds from vanilla bean; add bean. Stir over medium heat until honey dissolves. Add pears. Cover mixture with round piece of parchment paper. Reduce heat to medium-low. Simmer until pears are just tender when pierced, turning when half-way through cooking, about 15 minutes. Using slotted spoon, transfer pears to large bowl. Boil poaching liquid until reduced to 3/4 cup, about 2 minutes. Cool syrup. Pour syrup over pears. Cover and refrigerate until cold, at least 8 hours or o <END>
INPUT: tomavo, avocado, garlic, Salt, Pepper, English muffins
OUTPUT: TITLE: Eggs Tomavo | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 avocado; 1/2 teaspoon minced garlic; Salt; Pepper; 2 English muffins; 1 tomato, sliced; 4 eggs; Hollandaise Sauce | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring poaching pan to medium high. Spray poaching cups with nonstick cooking spray. Mash avocado with garlic and season with salt and pepper. Split English muffins and spread each half with mashed avocado and lay tomato slices on top. With a spoon, press and indent center of tomato, just enough so the poached egg won't slide off. Add eggs to poaching cups, cover, and poach eggs 3 to 8 minuets, or to desired doneness, or until the whites are set but still soft. Run the handle of a fork around the rim of the poaching cup to loosen the egg and invert onto the prepared muffin halves. Top with holl <END>
INPUT: chip, cookies, all purpose flour, unsweetened Dutch process, baking powder, salt, fine quality bittersweet
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate Chocolate Chip Cookies | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/4 cups all-purpose flour; 2 tablespoons unsweetened Dutch-process cocoa powder; 1 teaspoon baking powder; 3/4 teaspoon salt; 1 pound fine-quality bittersweet chocolate (not unsweetened); 1 stick (1/2 cup) unsalted butter; 1/2 cup sugar; 3 large eggs | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350°F. and line a large baking sheet with parchment paper. Into a bowl sift together flour, cocoa and baking powders, and salt. Coarsely chop chocolate. In a double boiler or a large metal bowl set over a saucepan of barely simmering water melt butter with three fourths chocolate, stirring until smooth. Remove chocolate mixture from heat and stir in sugar. Stir in eggs 1 at a time until combined well and stir in flour mixture until just combined. Chill dough, covered, at least 10 minutes and up to 1 hour. Drop rounded tablespoon measures of dough about 1‚ inches apart onto baki <END>
INPUT: American, casserole, mayonnaise, plain yogurt, sharp cheddar cheese, cheese dressing, eggs
OUTPUT: TITLE: Broccoli Casserole | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup mayonnaise; 1/2 cup plain yogurt; 1 1/4 cup shredded sharp cheddar cheese; 1/3 cup blue cheese dressing; 2 eggs; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1 1/2 teaspoon fresh ground black pepper; Flavor Pack from Ramen; 6 cups broccoli, peeled stems and heads, chopped and blanched in salted water; 12 ounces sliced mushrooms, Sauteed in 1 tablespoon butter; 1 package chicken flavored Ramen noodles, broken up | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. In a bowl combine mayonnaise, yogurt, cheddar cheese, blue cheese dressing, eggs, salt, pepper, and flavor pack from noodles. In a separate bowl combine broccoli, mushrooms, and broken noodles then toss together wet mixture and vegetables to evenly coat. Place in an 8 by 8-inch baking dish that has been sprayed with non- stick cooking spray and cook for 45 minutes covered. Then remove cover and bake for additional 15 minutes to brown. Cool for 15 minutes before serving. <END>
INPUT: caramel, pacific, Vegetable oil, Fuji Pippin apples, safflower oil, cinnamon, ginger
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Apple Slices with Caramel-Mascarpone Cream (Pacific Northwest) | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Vegetable oil cooking spray; 4 Fuji or Pippin apples, cored and cut into 1/2-inch-thick slices; 3 tablespoons safflower oil; 2 teaspoons ground cinnamon; 1 teaspoon ground ginger; 1/2 cup maple syrup; 1/4 cup heavy cream, at room temperature; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature; 1 cup (8 ounces) mascarpone cheese, at room temperature; 1/3 cup chopped hazelnuts, toasted (see Cook's Note) | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. For the apples: Place a grill pan over medium-high heat or preheat a gas or charcoal grill. Spray the grill pan with vegetable oil cooking spray. In a medium bowl, toss together the apple slices and safflower oil. Grill until lightly charred, about 2 minutes on each side. In a small bowl, combine the cinnamon and ginger. Sprinkle the cinnamon mixture over the grilled apple slices. For the cream: In a 1-quart saucepan, combine the maple syrup, cream and butter over medium-high heat. Bring to a boil and cook, until the mixture turns golden, about 4 minutes. Set the <END>
INPUT: crumbs, day old rye, unsalted butter, caraway seeds
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cauliflower with Rye Crumbs | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 slices day-old rye bread, torn into 1-inch pieces; 1 (2 1/2-to 3-pounds) head cauliflower; 1 stick unsalted butter; 1/2 teaspoon caraway seeds, lightly crushed | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350°F with rack in middle. Pulse bread in a food processor to form medium-fine crumbs. Spread in a 4-sided sheet pan and toast in oven, stirring occasionally, until golden, 8 to 10 minutes. Cool. Core cauliflower, keeping head intact, then cook in a large steamer rack over boiling water, covered, until tender, about 15 minutes. Transfer to a platter and keep warm, covered. Melt butter in a large heavy skillet over medium heat and stir in caraway seeds, toasted crumbs, 1/2 teaspoon salt, and 1/4 teaspoon pepper. Cook, stirring, until hot, about 2 minutes. Spoon over cauliflower. <END>
INPUT: reduced sodium chicken, shallot, unsalted butter, mushrooms, sage
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken Marsala | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 3/4 cups reduced-sodium chicken broth (14 fl oz); 2 tablespoons finely chopped shallot; 5 tablespoons unsalted butter; 10 oz mushrooms, trimmed and thinly sliced; 1 1/2 teaspoons finely chopped fresh sage; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 1/8 teaspoon black pepper; 1 cup all-purpose flour; 4 skinless boneless chicken breast halves (2 lb total); 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1/2 cup plus 2 tablespoons dry Marsala wine; 2/3 cup heavy cream; 1 teaspoon fresh lemon juice | INSTRUCTIONS: Put oven rack in middle position and preheat oven to 200°F. Bring broth to a boil in a 2-quart saucepan over high heat, then boil, uncovered, until reduced to about 3/4 cup, about 20 minutes. Cook shallot in 3 tablespoons butter in an 8- to 10-inch heavy skillet over moderate heat, stirring, until shallot begins to turn golden, about 1 minute. Add mushrooms, 1 teaspoon sage, salt, and pepper and cook, stirring occasionally, until liquid mushrooms give off is evaporated and mushrooms begin to brown, 6 to 8 minutes. Remove from heat. Put flour in a wide shallow bowl. Gently pound chicken to 1/4  <END>
INPUT: sauce, turkey, virgin olive oil, Kosher salt, pepper, wine vinegar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Quick-Roasted Turkey with Parsley-Caper Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: One 10-12 pound turkey, giblets reserved for another use; 1/3 cup extra-virgin olive oil; Kosher salt; freshly ground black pepper; 1 tablespoon red-wine vinegar; 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard; 1 medium shallot, roughly chopped; 2 tablespoons brine-packed capers, drained; 1/4 cup flat-leaf parsley leaves; 1/4 cup plus 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 1/4 teaspoon kosher salt; Large rimmed baking sheet; sharp kitchen shears; parchment paper | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 450°F. Place the turkey on a cutting board, breast side down. Using a sharp pair of kitchen shears, cut out the backbone. Flip the turkey over and open it like a book. Press on the turkey with your hands to flatten and pat dry with paper towels. Place the turkey, breast side up, on a rimmed baking sheet lined with parchment paper. Drizzle the oil over the turkey, and rub into the skin, then season generously with salt and pepper. Roast for 20 minutes. Remove from the oven, baste with the pan juices, and return to the oven. Continue roasting until a thermometer inserted into <END>
INPUT: scented, swirls, firmly figs, firmly dates, water, granulated refined sugar, all purpose flour
OUTPUT: TITLE: Anise-Scented Fig and Date Swirls | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup firmly packed dried figs (as soft as possible); 1 cup firmly packed pitted dates; 1/3 cup water; 1/2 cup plus 2 tablespoons granulated refined sugar; 1 3/4 cups all-purpose flour; 1 tablespoon ground anise seeds; 1/4 teaspoon baking powder; 1/4 teaspoon baking soda; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 1 stick (1/2 cup) unsalted butter, softened; 4 ounces cream cheese; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; 1 large egg yolk; 1/4 cup granulated raw sugar (turbinado or Demerara) | INSTRUCTIONS: In a blender puree figs and dates with water and 2 tablespoons refined sugar. In a bowl whisk together flour, anise, baking powder, baking soda, and salt. In another bowl with an electric mix-er beat together butter, cream cheese, and remaining 1/2 cup refined sugar until light and fluffy. Add vanilla, yolk, and flour mixture and beat until a dough forms. Form dough into a disk. Chill dough, wrapped in wax paper, 1 hour, or until firm enough to handle. On a lightly floured sheet of wax paper with a floured rolling pin roll out dough into a 13- by 10-inch rectangle, about 1/3 inch thick. Drop f <END>
INPUT: crunch, vanilla cake mix, rectangular carton strawberry, freeze strawberries, tub frosting
OUTPUT: TITLE: Strawberry Crunch Ice Cream Cake | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 16- to 18-ounce box vanilla cake mix (plus required ingredients); 1 1.5-quart rectangular carton strawberry ice cream; 1 1.2-ounce bag freeze-dried strawberries, crumbled (1 1/2 cups); 1 16-ounce tub white frosting | INSTRUCTIONS: Prepare the cake mix as the label directs for a 9-by-13-inch cake. Bake and let cool 15 minutes in the pan on a rack, then transfer the cake to the rack to cool completely. Trim the domed top of the cake with a long serrated knife to make it level. Cut the cake in half horizontally to make 2 layers. Trim a 3/4-inch strip from each long side; reserve the strips and trimmings. Cut the carton off the ice cream and set the ice cream block on a cutting board. Slice lengthwise into thirds. Arrange the ice cream on the bottom layer of the cake. Let soften, then smooth with an offset spatula to cover  <END>
INPUT: sauce, virgin olive oil, jalapeno pepper, onion, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Quick Tomato Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 (28 ounce) can whole peeled tomatoes; 3 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil or garlic oil; 1 jalapeno pepper, optional; 1 yellow onion, finely chopped; 1 tablespoon minced garlic; 2 bay leaves; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1/4 cup drained and chopped oil-packed dried tomatoes; 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh oregano leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: Open the can of tomatoes and pour off the juice into a bowl. Use the lid to press against the tomatoes to extract as much juice as possible. Squeeze the tomatoes to a pulp using your hands. Reserve the juice and pulp separately and set the empty can aside. Heat the oil in a heavy saucepan over medium-high heat until hot. If using the jalapeno, tilt the pan to collect the oil in a little pool against the side and drop the jalapeno into the oil. Cook until light brown, about 2 minutes. Remove the jalapeno and reserve. Add the onion to the pan and cook, stirring occasionally, until soft, about 2  <END>
INPUT: gumbo, shrimp, bay leaf, water, vegetable oil, all purpose flour
OUTPUT: TITLE: Shrimp and Crab Gumbo | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound medium shrimp, shelled, reserving shells; 1 bay leaf; 8 cups water; 1 1/2 tablespoons vegetable oil; 3 tablespoons all-purpose flour; 1 cup chopped onion; 1/2 cup chopped green bell pepper; 1/2 cup chopped celery; 1 pound frozen Alaska king crab legs, rinsed; 1/2 cup long-grain white rice; 1/2 cup drained canned whole tomatoes, chopped; 1/4 cup thinly sliced scallion greens cayenne to taste | INSTRUCTIONS: In a 4-quart saucepan simmer reserved shrimp shells, bay leaf, and water, partially covered, 15 minutes and strain through a sieve into a bowl. Return shrimp stock to pan and keep warm. In a heavy skillet (preferably cast-iron) cook oil and flour over moderately low heat, stirring constantly with a flat-edged metal or wood spatula, until roux is a couple of shades darker than peanut butter, about 30 minutes. Stir in onion, bell pepper, and celery and cook, stirring occasionally, until vegetables are softened. Stir roux into stock and bring to a boil, stirring. Add crab legs and simmer, partial <END>
INPUT: stock, celery, carrots, onions, parsley stems
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken Stock | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 (3 1/2- to 4 1/2-lb) whole chicken, cut into 8 pieces; 2 celery ribs, cut into 2-inch lengths; 2 carrots, quartered; 2 medium onions, left unpeeled, trimmed and halved; 6 fresh parsley stems (without leaves); 1 Turkish or 1/2 California bay leaf; 8 black peppercorns; 4 qt cold water; 1 1/2 teaspoons salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring all ingredients to a boil in an 8- to 10-quart heavy pot. Skim froth. Reduce heat and gently simmer, uncovered, skimming froth occasionally, 3 hours. Pour stock through a fine-mesh sieve into a large bowl and discard solids. If using stock right away, skim off and discard any fat. If not, cool stock completely, uncovered, before skimming fat, then chill, covered. Bring all ingredients to a boil in an 8- to 10-quart heavy pot. Skim froth. Reduce heat and gently simmer, uncovered, skimming froth occasionally, 3 hours. Pour stock through a fine-mesh sieve into a large bowl and discard solid <END>
INPUT: latkes, russet potato, sweet potato, egg egg, unbleached all purpose, granulated garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sweet Potato-Chive Latkes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 medium russet potato, peeled and shredded (about 10 ounces); 1 large sweet potato, peeled and shredded (about 1 pound); 1 whole egg plus 1 egg white; 1/2 cup unbleached all-purpose flour; 1 tablespoon granulated garlic; 2 teaspoons cayenne pepper; 2 teaspoons ground cinnamon; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh chives; Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper; 3 tablespoons canola oil; One 16-ounce container sour cream; Freshly torn fresh parsley leaves, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Add the shredded potatoes to a bowl of water, stir to combine. Pour the potatoes over a wire mesh strainer and allow to drain. Whisk the egg and egg white in a large glass mixing bowl until just incorporated, about 30 seconds. Sift the flour, granulated garlic, cayenne and cinnamon into the egg. Add the chives. Sprinkle with 3 teaspoons each salt and black pepper; whisk until smooth. Fold in the sweet potato and potato, making sure the batter is thoroughly combined. Set a large cast-iron or heavy-bottomed skillet over medium heat. Add the oil. Working in small batches, drop about 3 tablespoons <END>
INPUT: milk, water, sugar, bittersweet chocolate, butterscotch chips
OUTPUT: TITLE: Hot Chocolate-Toffee | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 cups whole milk; 1/2 cup water; 1/2 cup sugar; 6 ounces bittersweet chocolate, chopped; 2 ounces butterscotch chips, available on baking aisle; 1 canister prepared whipped cream, from dairy aisle; 1 toffee bar, chopped (recommended: Heath Bar) | INSTRUCTIONS: In a medium heavy bottomed sauce pot, heat milk, water and sugar to a boil, then remove from heat and whisk in chocolate and butterscotch chips until they melt into the milk. Pour into small mugs or cups and top with whipped cream and crushed Heath bar toffee pieces. <END>
INPUT: zest, navel oranges, sugar, water, sugar crystallizing
OUTPUT: TITLE: Candied Orange Zest | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 to 5 navel oranges, peeled with no remaining pith, cut into 2-inch long strips; 1 cup sugar; 1 cup water; 3 cups sugar for crystallizing | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat the 1 cup of sugar and water to a boil. Add peels and simmer until they are transparent, about 12 minutes. Syrup should be thick. Remove from syrup and toss in sugar, let dry, away from humidity. Store in an airtight tin. TIP: RED ORANGES Use blood oranges in your favorite recipes as you would regular oranges. Taste for sweetness, you may have to add a bit more sugar in some recipes <END>
INPUT: skins, baking potatoes, butter, seasoned salt, Parmesan cheese, cheddar cheese
OUTPUT: TITLE: Potato Skins | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 small baking potatoes; 2 tablespoons melted butter; 2 teaspoons seasoned salt; 3 tablespoons grated Parmesan cheese; 1 1/2 cups shredded cheddar cheese; 4 strips cooked, crumbled bacon; 3/4 cup Daisy Brand Sour Cream; 2 teaspoons snipped fresh chives | INSTRUCTIONS: Lightly grease outside of potatoes, cut small slit in top and bake at 425 degrees F for 45 minute or until soft. Let stand until cool enough to handle, about 15 minutes. Cut potatoes in half lengthwise and scoop out cooked potato, leaving a very thin layer of potato. (Save cooked potato for mashed potatoes or hash browns.) Brush outside and inside of skins with melted butter. Sprinkle inside with steak seasoning and Parmesan cheese. Place on lightly greased baking sheet. Bake 8 minutes or until crisp and bubbly. Fill with cheddar cheese and bacon. Bake 3 minutes or until cheese is melted. Top  <END>
INPUT: Asian, rundown, garlic, thyme, onion, ginger
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken Rundown | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 5 whole boneless, skinless chicken breasts, cut into large cubes; 2 garlic cloves, minced; 1 sprig fresh thyme; 1 medium onion, finely chopped; 1 teaspoon grated ginger; 1 teaspoon minced Scotch bonnet chile; 1 1/2 tablespoons oil; 3/4 cup coconut milk; 2 tablespoons heavy cream; 2 tablespoons chopped cilantro leaves; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: In a bowl, combine the chicken, garlic, thyme, onion, ginger, and chile. Let marinate for 1 hour. Heat the oil in a skillet over medium heat. Add the chicken to the skillet and cook, stirring occasionally, until browned, about 4 minutes. Add the reserved marinade and cook for 1 minute more. Add the coconut milk, cream, and cilantro and lower the heat. Simmer for 6 to 8 minutes. <END>
INPUT: soup, tomatoes, garlic, onions, Vine cherry tomatoes, virgin olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Tomato Soup | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 1/2 pounds fresh tomatoes (mix of fresh heirlooms, cherry, vine and plum tomatoes); 6 cloves garlic, peeled; 2 small yellow onions, sliced; Vine cherry tomatoes for garnish, optional; 1/2 cup extra-virgin olive oil; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 quart chicken stock; 2 bay leaves; 4 tablespoons butter; 1/2 cup chopped fresh basil leaves, optional; 3/4 cup heavy cream, optional | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 450 degrees F. Wash, core and cut the tomatoes into halves. Spread the tomatoes, garlic cloves and onions onto a baking tray. If using vine cherry tomatoes for garnish, add them as well, leaving them whole and on the vine. Drizzle with 1/2 cup of olive oil and season with salt and pepper. Roast for 20 to 30 minutes, or until caramelized. Remove roasted tomatoes, garlic and onion from the oven and transfer to a large stock pot (set aside the roasted vine tomatoes for later). Add 3/4 of the chicken stock, bay leaves, and butter. Bring to a boil, reduce heat and simmer for 15 to 2 <END>
INPUT: cookies, hazelnuts, sugar, all purpose flour
OUTPUT: TITLE: Hazelnut Cookies | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup hazelnuts (2 oz); 1/4 cup plus 3 tablespoons sugar; 3/4 cup plus 2 tablespoons all-purpose flour; 1 stick (1/2 cup) cold unsalted butter, cut into small pieces | INSTRUCTIONS: Put oven rack in middle position and preheat oven to 350°F. Toast hazelnuts in a shallow baking pan until fragrant and skins begin to loosen, about 6 minutes. Rub nuts in a kitchen towel to remove any loose skins (some skins may not come off) and cool to room temperature. Pulse nuts and 1/4 cup sugar in a food processor until nuts are finely ground, then add flour and a pinch of salt, pulsing until combined. Add butter and pulse until dough just forms a ball. Divide dough in half, then roll dough on a work surface lightly dusted with sugar and flour into 2 (11-inch-long) logs (each about 1 inc <END>
INPUT: bacon, Vegetable oil, popcorn kernels, pure maple syrup
OUTPUT: TITLE: Maple-Bacon Popcorn | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 12 slices bacon (about 8 ounces); Vegetable oil, as needed; 3/4 cup popcorn kernels; 4 tablespoons (1/2 stick) unsalted butter; 3 tablespoons pure maple syrup; Kosher salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook the bacon in a large nonstick skillet over medium heat until crisp. Drain on paper towels, then crumble finely. Pour the fat from the skillet into a spouted measuring cup. Add vegetable oil as needed to make 1/4 cup fat; if there is more than 1/4 cup bacon fat, pour off the extra. Set the skillet aside. Pour the bacon fat into a stockpot (12-quart or larger) over medium heat. Add a few popcorn kernels; when they begin to sizzle, add the remaining kernels and shake to coat in the oil. Cover the pot and cook, shaking frequently, until the popping has almost stopped (a pop every second or tw <END>
INPUT: Italian, parmesan, heavy cream, Parmigiano Reggiano, penne, prosciutto
OUTPUT: TITLE: Penne with Parmesan Cream and Prosciutto | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 2 1/4 cups heavy cream; 1 1/2 cups plus 2 tablespoons finely grated Parmigiano-Reggiano (3 ounces); 1 pound penne; 2 ounces thinly sliced prosciutto, coarsely chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: Put oven rack in upper third of oven and preheat oven to 375°F. Bring cream, 1 1/2 cups cheese, 3/4 teaspoon black pepper, and 3/4 teaspoon salt just to a boil in a small heavy saucepan over moderate heat, stirring occasionally. Remove from heat. Cook pasta in a 6- to 8-quart pot of boiling salted water, until al dente, then drain in a colander. Return pasta to pot, then stir in parmesan cream and prosciutto, tossing to coat. Transfer mixture to a 2-quart shallow flameproof gratin or baking dish (about 11 by 8 by 2 inches; not glass) and bake 15 minutes. Stir pasta well to coat evenly with sau <END>
INPUT: Mexican, all purpose flour, lard, unsalted butter, salt, ice water
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lime Pie | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups all purpose flour; 1/2 cup lard, chilled; 2 1/2 tablespoons unsalted butter, chilled; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/3 cup ice water; 3/4 cup fresh lime juice; Drop of green food coloring; 1 pound cream cheese, room temperature; 1 can sweetened condensed milk; Grated zest of 1 lime; 1 cup crema or creme fraiche; 1/4 cup powdered sugar; 1 lime, thinly sliced, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Prepare the pie crust: In a bowl, combine the flour, lard, butter and salt. Mix lightly with your fingers until the mixture forms peasized pieces. Using a fork, stir in the ice water, a little at a time, until a dough forms, and then knead lightly until it comes together in a ball. Wrap in plastic wrap and refrigerate at least 1 hour or overnight. On a lightly floured work surface, roll out the dough into a round about 12-inches in diameter and 1/4 inch thick. Drape the round over the rolling pin and transfer to a 9 inch or 10 inch glass or ceramic pie plate. Ease the pastry into the pie plate <END>
INPUT: honey tangerine juice, grenadine, soda, Orange wheels
OUTPUT: TITLE: Honey Tangerine Soda | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 ounces freshly squeezed honey tangerine juice; 1-ounce grenadine; Club soda; Orange wheels, to garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: In a tall, ice-filled mixing glass, add tangerine juice and grenadine. Shake and pour into an ice-filled tumbler. Top with club soda. Garnish with orange wheels. <END>
INPUT: wine, matzoh cake meal, Kosher fine salt, pepper, vegetable oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Wine-Braised Brisket with Tart Cherries | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup matzoh cake meal (see Cooks' notes); Kosher or fine salt; Freshly ground black pepper; 1 (6- to 6 1/2-pound) first- or second-cut beef brisket; 3 to 4 tablespoons vegetable oil; 16 medium shallots (about 1 pound); peeled, leaving root ends intact; 3 large garlic cloves, finely chopped; 2 cups Pinot Noir; 2 cups chicken stock or reduced-sodium chicken broth; 1 1/2 cups (8 ounces) dried tart cherries; 2/3 cup packed dark brown sugar; 2/3 cup balsamic vinegar; 2 whole star anise (see Cooks' notes); 2 pounds young, slim carrots in bunches (not pre-cut variety), peeled; Special equipment: A nonreactive large, heavy-bottomed roasting pan | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat oven to 350°F with rack in middle. Whisk together matzoh meal with 1 tablespoon kosher salt (2 teaspoons fine) and 1/2 teaspoon pepper. Pat brisket dry and dredge in matzoh mixture, shaking off excess. Set roasting pan across 2 burners and in it heat 3 tablespoons oil over medium-high heat until oil shimmers. Brown brisket (fat side down first if using first cut) on both sides, 3 to 5 minutes per side. Transfer to a large platter or rimmed baking sheet. If necessary, add remaining tablespoon oil, then reduce heat to medium, and cook shallots, turning occasionally, until they begin to brow <END>
INPUT: Mexican, soup, chicken stock, chicken tenders, bay leaf, virgin olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Smoky Chicken Tortilla Soup with Chipotle and Fire Roasted Tomato | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 3 cups chicken stock; 1 pound chicken tenders; 1 bay leaf, fresh if available; 1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil; 4 slices thick, smoky center cut bacon, chopped; 1 onion, finely chopped; 4 garlic cloves, chopped; 2 chipotles in adobo, chopped, plus 2 tablespoons sauce; 1 (28-ounce) can crushed fire roasted tomatoes; Salt; 4 cups corn tortilla chips, lightly crushed; 2 cups shredded fresh smoked mozzarella or smoked sharp white Cheddar cheese, 3/4 pound; 1 lime, cut into wedges; 1/2 red onion, chopped; Fresh cilantro leaves, chopped for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring the broth to a simmer and add the chicken tenders, poach them for 6 to 7 minutes with a bay leaf. While the chicken poaches, heat the extra-virgin olive oil in a medium soup pot or deep skillet over medium high heat. Add the bacon and cook it until crisp then remove it with a slotted spoon. Drain off the excess fat, leaving 2 to 3 tablespoons in the pan. Add the onions and garlic to the skillet and cook them for 5 minutes then stir in chipotles and tomatoes. Remove the chicken from the stock, dice it then add it to the soup. Pass the stock through a strainer then add it to the soup. Plac <END>
INPUT: American, tartsandreg, crumble, packages Unfrosted Sugar, butter, Zest from orange, cherries
OUTPUT: TITLE: Baked Goat Cheese with Pop-Tartsandreg; Crumble | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 packages Unfrosted Brown Sugar Cinnamon Pop-Tarts; 4 tablespoons butter, chilled; Zest from 1 orange; 1 (8-ounce) log goat cheese; Dried cherries, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Set the oven to broil. Place the Pop-Tarts in the bowl of a food processor. Add the butter and orange zest. Pulse until the mixture is crumbly. Slice the goat cheese log into rounds and place on parchment paper. You can also serve the goat cheese on a cracker, in which case lay the slice of cheese directly on the cracker and then on the parchment paper. Top the goat cheese with the Pop-Tart crumble. Broil in the oven until the crumble begins to brown and the goat cheese begins to soften, 5 to 7 minutes. Remove from the oven and top with a dried cherry for garnish. If not serving over a cracker <END>
INPUT: American, cakes, zucchini, salt, all purpose flour, Parmesan cheese, shallot
OUTPUT: TITLE: Zucchini Cakes with Smoked Trout | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound zucchini, trimmed, coarsely grated in processor; 1 teaspoon salt; 1/4 cup all purpose flour; 2 tablespoons finely grated Parmesan cheese; 2 tablespoons minced shallot; 1 large egg plus 1 large egg white, beaten to blend; 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; Canola oil (for frying); 1/3 cup (about) sour cream; 2 ounces smoked trout or smoked salmon, broken into 1 x 1/2-inch pieces; Chopped fresh dill | INSTRUCTIONS: Place zucchini in colander set over bowl; sprinkle with salt and toss to coat. Place small plate atop zucchini to weigh down. Let stand 30 minutes to drain. Squeeze zucchini as dry as possible in kitchen towel. Transfer zucchini to medium bowl. Stir in flour, Parmesan, and shallot, then stir in beaten egg mixture and pepper. Line large rimmed baking sheet with parchment paper. Brush large nonstick skillet with enough oil to coat; heat over medium-high heat. Working in batches, drop zucchini mixture into skillet by scant 1 tablespoonfuls, spacing apart. Using spatula, flatten cakes to 2-inch ro <END>
INPUT: breakfast, salad, baby beets radishes, onion, mesclun, lemon juice, olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Smoked Salmon Breakfast Salad with Crispbread | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 baby beets or radishes, thinly sliced; 8 thin slices red onion (optional); 6 cups mesclun; 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1 tablespoon chopped capers; Kosher salt, freshly ground pepper; 0 freshly ground pepper; 3 ounces smoked salmon or gravlax; 3/4 cup Neufchâtel or cream cheese; 4 Wasa crispbread or toasted pumpernickel slices; 1 lemon, cut into wedges | INSTRUCTIONS: Toss beets, onion (if using), mesclun, lemon juice, oil, and capers in a large bowl; season with salt and pepper. Add salmon and gently toss to combine. Mound salad alongside crispbread spread with Neufchâtel and serve with lemon wedges for squeezing over. Toss beets, onion (if using), mesclun, lemon juice, oil, and capers in a large bowl; season with salt and pepper. Add salmon and gently toss to combine. Mound salad alongside crispbread spread with Neufchâtel and serve with lemon wedges for squeezing over. <END>
INPUT: waffles, all purpose flour, baking powder, baking soda, salt, rice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Rice Waffles | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cups all-purpose flour; 2 teaspoons baking powder; 1 teaspoon baking soda; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1 cup cooked rice (preferably day-old); 1 1/2 cups milk; 1 large egg, separated; 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat a waffle iron until hot. Whisk together flour, baking powder, baking soda, and salt, then mix in rice with your fingertips. Stir in milk, yolk, and butter until just combined. Whisk egg white until it just holds stiff peaks, then fold into batter gently but thoroughly. Lightly brush waffle iron with oil and cook waffles according to manufacturer's instructions. Preheat a waffle iron until hot. Whisk together flour, baking powder, baking soda, and salt, then mix in rice with your fingertips. Stir in milk, yolk, and butter until just combined. Whisk egg white until it just holds stiff pe <END>
INPUT: bourguignon, bay leaves, thyme, parsley, rosemary, bacon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Beef Bourguignon | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 bay leaves; 4 sprigs fresh thyme; 3 sprigs fresh parsley, plus extra leaves for garnish; 1 sprig fresh rosemary; 4 slices bacon, cut into 1/2-inch pieces; 3 tablespoons all-purpose flour; 3 pounds stew beef; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil, plus additional as needed; 10 ounces cremini mushrooms, halved or quartered if large; 1 onion, halved and thinly sliced; 4 cloves garlic, roughly chopped; 4 carrots, cut into 1 1/2-inch pieces; 2 tablespoons tomato paste; 2 cups dry red wine | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: cheescloth; butcher's twine For the bouquet garni: Wrap the herbs in cheesecloth and secure with butcher's twine, leaving about 6 inches of excess string. Set aside. For the beef bourguignon: Cook the bacon in a large Dutch oven over medium heat until browned but not fully rendered, 5 minutes. Using a slotted spoon, remove the bacon to a paper-towel-lined plate. Place the flour in a shallow bowl. Season the beef well with salt and pepper, then toss it in the flour to coat, shaking off the excess flour. Add the oil to the Dutch oven, heat until shimmering, and then brown the  <END>
INPUT: peanut oil, popcorn kernels, popcorn salt, unsalted butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Perfect Popcorn | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons peanut oil; 3 ounces popcorn kernels, approximately 1/2 cup; 1/2 teaspoon popcorn salt; 3 tablespoons unsalted butter | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Place the oil, popcorn and salt in a large, 6-quart, metal mixing bowl. Cover with heavy-duty aluminum foil and poke 10 slits in the top with a knife. Place the bowl over medium heat and shake constantly using a pair of tongs to hold the bowl. Continue shaking until the popcorn finishes popping, approximately 3 minutes. Remove the bowl from the heat and carefully remove the foil. Stir in any salt that is on the side of the bowl. Melt the butter in the microwave. Slowly drizzle over the popcorn, while spinning the bowl. Serve immediately. <END>
INPUT: American, blackened, blackening spice, Sweet Potato Crab, Voodoo Sauce, tomato concasse
OUTPUT: TITLE: Blackened Swordfish with Sweet Potato Crab Hash | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 (9-ounce) swordfish steak; 1/2 cup blackening spice; 2 cups Sweet Potato Crab Hash, recipe follows; 4 ounces Voodoo Sauce, recipe follows; 1 ounce tomato concasse; 1 ounce scallions, chopped; Olive oil, to coat saute pan; 1/2 pound sweet potatoes, roasted until tender and cut into 1/2-inch pieces; 1 shallot, thinly sliced; 1 poblano pepper, stemmed, seeded, and julienne; 3 ounces Voodoo Sauce, recipe follows; 2 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce; Salt and pepper; 1/2 cup jumbo lump crabmeat; 1 cup heavy cream | INSTRUCTIONS: Dredge both sides of the swordfish in blackening spice. Heat a heavy, cast-iron skillet over high heat until it is smoking hot. Add the swordfish and cook for 3 minutes. Turn over and cook for 3 minutes more. Warm the crab hash in saute pan, turning to warm throughout. Place warm Voodoo Sauce on a plate and top with sweet potato crab hash. Top with swordfish. Top with tomato and scallion garnish. Heat the olive oil in a saute pan. Add the roasted sweet potatoes, shallots, and poblano peppers and saute for 2 minutes. Add Voodoo sauce and Worcestershire sauce, salt and pepper, to taste. Add the  <END>
INPUT: paella, olive oil, turkey sausage, chicken tenders, pepper, jalapeno pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spinach Paella | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup olive oil; 1 cup turkey sausage, sliced; 1 pound of chicken tenders, diced; 1 red pepper, diced; 1 jalapeno pepper, finely diced; 1 bunch fresh cilantro, leaves finely chopped; 3 cloves garlic, minced; 1 cup white rice; 4 cups water, plus 1/2 cup; 2 scallions, finely diced; 2 packets Goya Sozan; 1 pound fresh baby spinach; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 black olives; 2 thin breadsticks | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large pot, on high heat, heat the olive oil. When pot is hot, add turkey and chicken and saute quickly until golden brown on all sides. Remove the meats and reserve. To the pan, add the peppers, cilantro and garlic and turn heat to medium high. Cook until caramelized. Pour the rice into the pan and coat it with the mixture. Add the 4 cups water, scallions and packets of Sazon. Stir until mixed well and turn the heat to high until the rice begins to boil. Add the meats and simmer until the rice is cooked through and the mixture begins to thicken slightly. Add more water if needed. In a ble <END>
INPUT: Mexican, margarita, chicken wings, sliver tequila, lime zest, orange zest, agave nectar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Margarita Chicken Wings | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2 pounds chicken wings, tips removed and wings split; 1 cup sliver tequila; 1 teaspoon grated lime zest (from 2 limes) plus 6 tablespoons lime juice (from 4 limes); 1 teaspoon grated orange zest (from 1 orange) plus 1/2 cup orange juice (from 1 orange); 1 tablespoon agave nectar; 6 to 8 pequin chile peppers, crushed (see Cook's Note); Kosher salt; Nonstick cooking spray | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: a grill pan Place the chicken wings in a resealable plastic bag. In a small bowl, whisk together the tequila, lime zest and juice, orange zest and juice, agave, crushed peppers and 1/2 teaspoon salt. Pour over the wings and seal the bag. Toss the wings in the marinade to coat. Place in the refrigerator and allow to marinate for 2 hours. Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F. Spray a baking sheet with nonstick cooking spray. Lay the wings out on the tray so they do not touch each other. Bake, flipping the wings halfway through, until cooked through and beginning to brown, about 2 <END>
INPUT: sate, sauce, onion, celery leaves, olive oil, Salt pepper, pomegranate juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Duck Sate with Pomegranate Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup red onion, peeled, halved, and thinly sliced; 1/2 cup celery leaves; 1 tablespoon olive oil; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 cup pomegranate juice; 1 tablespoon rice wine vinegar; 1 teaspoon sugar; 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 2 (4 to 6-ounce) duck breasts; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 tablespoon grapeseed oil | INSTRUCTIONS: For the salad: In a small bowl, combine the onions, celery leaves, and oil and toss well to coat. Season the salad, to taste, keeping cold until plating. For the sauce: In a small saucepan over medium heat, cook the pomegranate juice, vinegar, and sugar for 10 to 12 minutes. Reduce the heat to medium-low, add the cinnamon, and cook for an additional 4 to 5 minutes, allowing the sauce to thicken to almost a syrup consistency. Once reduced, remove the sauce from the heat, whisk in the butter, allowing the butter to fully incorporate into the sauce. Hold at room temperature. For the duck: Place t <END>
INPUT: Italian, lovers, lasagna, Kosher salt, escarole, garlic, butter, sage leaves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pumpkin Lovers Lasagna | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: Kosher salt; 1 head escarole, coarsely chopped; 1 head garlic, cloves separated but not peeled; 6 tablespoons butter; 10 to 12 fresh sage leaves, torn; 1 pound butternut squash, peeled and cut into bite-size pieces; Freshly ground pepper; 1 1/2 cups chicken stock; 3 tablespoons all-purpose flour; 3 cups milk; Freshly grated nutmeg; Two 15-ounce cans pure pumpkin puree; 3 eggs; 2 cups fresh ricotta; 2 cups freshly grated Parmigiano-Reggiano | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Bring a few inches water to a boil in a large pot and add salt. Cook the escarole for 5 minutes, then drain. Cover the garlic cloves with water in a saucepan and simmer for 20 minutes. Drain and let cool. Squish the garlic pulp from the jackets into a bowl and mash with a fork. Meanwhile, melt 3 tablespoons butter in a medium saucepan over medium heat. Add the sage and stir. Add the squash, stir and season with salt and pepper. Add the chicken stock and cook, stirring occasionally, for 15 minutes. All the stock should be absorbed and the squash should be ligh <END>
INPUT: milanesas, Italian parsley, garlic, eggs, Salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Milanesas: Breaded Veal | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 bunch Italian parsley, chopped fine; 2 cloves garlic, minced; 8 whole eggs; 6 (6 ounce) veal cutlets, pounded thin; Salt; Pepper; 2 cups flour; 2 cups fine bread crumbs; 2 cups canola oil; 1 lemon, sliced thin; 2 tablespoons chopped parsley, for garnish; 1 recipe mashed potatoes, recipe follows; 6 baking potatoes, like russets, peeled, chopped; Water; 2 cups cream, scald | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine the parsley with garlic and eggs. Season the veal with salt and pepper. Dust the veal in flour, drop in the egg batter, and finish in the bread crumbs. Heat 2 cups of blended oil on medium high in a fry skillet. Add the veal, cook until golden on both sides. Drain on paper towels. Serve with sliced lemon and parsley and mashed potatoes. Boil potatoes in salted water until cooked. Put through food mill or masher. Add little amounts of cream and butter until desired creaminess. Season with salt and white pepper. <END>
INPUT: American, tart, all purpose flour, salt, unsalted butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cantal Cheese Tart | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/4 cups all purpose flour; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 6 tablespoons (3/4 stick) chilled unsalted butter, diced; 3 tablespoons (or more) ice water; 1 tablespoon unsalted butter; 1/2 cup chopped shallots (about 2 large); 1 1/4 cups heavy whipping cream; 3 large eggs; 1/8 teaspoon (scant) freshly ground black pepper; 1/8 teaspoon (scant) freshly grated nutmeg; Pinch of salt; 2 cups coarsely grated rindless Cantal cheese (about 7 ounces) | INSTRUCTIONS: For crust: Blend flour and salt in processor 5 seconds. Add butter and cut in, using on/ off turns, until very coarse meal forms. Add 3 tablespoons ice water. Blend until moist clumps form, adding more water by teaspoonfuls if dough is dry. Gather dough into ball; flatten into disk. Wrap in plastic. Chill at least 1 hour and up to 1 day. Roll out dough on lightly floured surface to 12- to 13-inch round. Transfer to 9-inch-diameter tart pan with removable bottom. Cut off all but 1/2-inch overhang. Fold overhang in and press so that sides of dough rise 1/4 to 1/3 inch above rim of pan. Freeze cr <END>
INPUT: Asian, fizz, cocktail, Ruby grapefruit, sugar, vodka, ginger ale
OUTPUT: TITLE: Ginger Grapefruit Fizz Cocktail | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1 Ruby Red grapefruit; 1 tablespoon sugar; 2 ounces vodka, such as Tito's; 2 ounces ginger ale | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the broiler. Remove some of the grapefruit peel for a twist garnish, then cut the grapefruit in half. Place the grapefruit halves on a baking sheet flesh-side up and sprinkle the sugar evenly over the tops. Place under the broiler until the sugar is caramelized, about 6 minutes. Meanwhile, fill a highball glass with ice and add the vodka. Remove the toasty grapefruit and squeeze the juice into the glass. Top with the ginger ale and garnish with the grapefruit twist. <END>
INPUT: salad, kirby cucumbers, plain yogurt, lemons zested juiced, dill, Salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Yogurt Cucumber Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 8 kirby cucumbers, peeled; 1 cup plain yogurt; 2 lemons zested and juiced; 4 tablespoons fresh dill; Salt and freshly ground pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: With a small spoon remove the seeds and cut the cucumber into "half moon" pieces. Make a dressing of yogurt, lemon and dill; season to taste with salt and pepper and toss with cucumber "half moons". <END>
INPUT: Italian, mashed, potatoes, bay leaves, butter, heavy cream
OUTPUT: TITLE: Parmesan Mashed Potatoes | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 8 to 12 medium to large potatoes, (about 3 pounds) peeled and cut into chunks; 3 bay leaves; 1/2 cup butter (or one stick), cut into chunks; 2 cups (8 ounces) shredded Parmesan; 1/2 cup heavy cream; Salt and freshly ground white pepper; 1/4 cup chopped fresh chives | INSTRUCTIONS: Boil the potatoes with the bay leaves until the potatoes are tender. Drain the potatoes well and discard the bay leaves. Using a potato masher, mash the potatoes by hand, then stir in chunks of butter and shredded Parmesan. Cover and set aside to let cheese melt. Stir in heavy cream, season with salt and white pepper, then beat until creamy using an electric beater. Transfer to serving dish and garnish with chopped chives. <END>
INPUT: scallops, angel, shallot, garlic, wine, saffron, wine vinegar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Sea Scallops with Angel Hair Cooked in Squid Ink and Roasted Tomato-Saffron Vinaigrette | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 shallot, thinly sliced; 4 cloves garlic, chopped; 1 cup white wine; Pinch of saffron; 1/2 cup red wine vinegar; 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard; 2 teaspoons honey; 1 cup extra virgin olive oil; 2 plum tomatoes, sliced in half and oven roasted until soft and chopped; Salt and freshly ground pepper; 1 tablespoon olive oil; 1 large onion, finely chopped; 4 cloves garlic, finely chopped; 4 cups clam broth; 1 tablespoons squid ink | INSTRUCTIONS: Place shallot, garlic, white wine and saffron in a small saucepan and reduce by 3/4. Place the mixture into a blender, add the vinegar, mustard and honey and blend until smooth. With the motor running, drizzle in the olive oil and blend until emulsified. Add the tomatoes and blend for 10 second, just to chop slightly. Season with salt and pepper; Heat olive oil in a medium saucepan over medium heat. Add onion and garlic and cook until soft. Increase heat, add clam broth and squid ink and reduce by half, season with salt and pepper, to; Heat grill. Brush scallops with oil and season with salt a <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, cakes, unbleached pastry flour, granulated sugar, baking soda, baking powder, milk
OUTPUT: TITLE: Rosemary Olive Oil Cakes | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups plus 2 tablespoons unbleached pastry flour; 1 1/2 cups granulated sugar; 1/2 teaspoon baking soda; 1/2 teaspoon baking powder; 1 1/2 cups milk; 1 1/2 cups extra-virgin olive oil; 3 extra-large eggs; 1/4 cup chopped fresh rosemary; 3 tablespoons grated orange zest | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: Nonstick metal or silicone decorative cake molds, each with a capacity to hold 2 tablespoons batter Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Over a large mixing bowl, sift together the flour, sugar, baking soda, and baking powder. Make a large well in the center and pour in the milk, olive oil, and eggs. Whisk in the center to combine the liquids, and then slowly draw in a little of the dry ingredients to incorporate them; be sure to whisk until fairly smooth before drawing in more dry ingredients. If necessary, strain to dissolve any lumps of flour. Stir in the rosemary and orang <END>
INPUT: Asian, mirin, low sodium soy, rice wine vinegar, sesame seeds, baby bok choy
OUTPUT: TITLE: Shrimp and Leek Soba Noodles | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1/3 cup mirin; 1/4 cup low-sodium soy sauce; 1 tablespoon rice wine vinegar; 1 tablespoon sesame seeds; 4 heads baby bok choy; One 2-inch piece fresh ginger, finely grated; 8 ounces peeled and deveined medium shrimp, tails removed; 1 slender leek, white part only, thinly sliced on a bias and soaked in cold water to remove grit; 2 radishes, cut into thin sticks; Japanese hot pepper seasoning, such as shichimi togarashi, optional; 8 ounces soba noodles (no salt added); One 4- to 6-inch piece kombu, rinsed well; 1 ounce bonito flakes (also known as katsuobushi) | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: Cheesecloth and a fine-mesh strainer Line a fine mesh strainer with a double layer of cheesecloth and set over a large bowl. Bring a large pot of water to a boil. Add the soba and cook according to the package directions. Drain and rinse under cold water. Set aside. Meanwhile, put the kombu in another large pot with 6 cups of water. Bring to a simmer over high heat; adjust the heat and simmer the kombu for 5 minutes. Remove the kombu, then add the bonito flakes to the pot. Bring back to a simmer and cook for 3 minutes. Strain the mixture through the cheesecloth-lined straine <END>
INPUT: compote, navel oranges, grapefruit, sugar, seedless grapes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Orange, Grapefruit, and Grape Compote | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 navel oranges; 2 large grapefruit; 6 tablespoons sugar; 1/2 lb seedless green grapes (1 1/3 cups), quartered lengthwise | INSTRUCTIONS: Finely grate zest from 2 oranges and 1 grapefruit into a small bowl and stir in sugar. Cut peel, including all white pith, from oranges and grapefruit with a sharp knife, then, working over a large bowl, cut segments free from membranes, letting segments fall into bowl. Squeeze enough juice from membranes to measure 1/2 cup, then add to citrus segments with grapes and 3 tablespoons citrus sugar. Toss fruit gently and serve with remaining sugar on the side. Finely grate zest from 2 oranges and 1 grapefruit into a small bowl and stir in sugar. Cut peel, including all white pith, from oranges and <END>
INPUT: stew, horseradish, hot coffee water, handful porcini mushrooms, beef chuck roast, Fine sea salt, Canola oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Beef Stew with Red Wine, Mushrooms and Horseradish Cream | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup hot coffee or water; 1 small handful dried porcini mushrooms; 3 pounds beef chuck roast; Fine sea salt and freshly ground black pepper; Canola oil; 2 cups red wine, such as merlot; 1/2 cup Madeira wine; 2 tablespoons butter; 2 large onions, cut into large dice; 2 cups diced celery; Two 3 1/2-ounce packages fresh shiitake mushrooms, stems removed, quartered; One 8-ounce package fresh cremini mushrooms, quartered; 1 1/2 tablespoons sweet paprika; 1/2 teaspoon smoked paprika; 1 tablespoon dried thyme | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. In a bowl, pour the hot coffee over the dried porcini mushrooms and leave to steep. When cool, drain, reserving the soaking liquid, and chop the mushrooms finely. Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Cut the beef into 2-inch cubes and toss with 1/2 teaspoon salt and some pepper. Heat a large wide-bottomed saucepan over medium-high heat and add a thin film of canola oil. Brown the beef in the oil in two or three batches, giving the meat some space. Add the browned meat to a bowl or baking dish as you go. Once all the beef is browned, pour off the excess grease, and  <END>
INPUT: bunny, cake, eggs egg whites, cream coconut, pineapple, coconut extract, pure vanilla extract
OUTPUT: TITLE: Coconut Bunny Butt Cake | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 large eggs plus 4 egg whites, at room temperature; 3/4 cup cream of coconut; 1/2 cup drained crushed pineapple; 2 teaspoons coconut extract; 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract; 2 1/4 cups all-purpose flour, plus more for the bowl (see Cook's Note); 1 cup sugar; 2 teaspoons baking powder; 1/2 teaspoon fine salt; 12 tablespoons (1 1/2 sticks) unsalted butter, cut into pieces, at room temperature, plus more for greasing bowl; 3 cups confectioners' sugar, sifted; 2 sticks unsalted butter, at room temperature; 1 to 2 tablespoons milk; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; 1/2 teaspoon coconut extract | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: an 8-inch (1 1/2 quart) ovenproof metal bowl; a muffin tin with paper liners Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Butter and flour an 8-inch (1 1/2 quart) ovenproof metal bowl. Line 4 muffin cups with paper liners. For the cake: Whisk the eggs and egg whites in a large bowl. Whisk in the cream of coconut, pineapple, coconut extract and vanilla extract until combined. Whisk together the flour, sugar, baking powder and salt in another large bowl. Beat in the butter, one piece at a time, with an electric mixer on low speed until the mixture resembles coarse meal. Add half the egg <END>
INPUT: unsalted butter, sugar, fig leaves, apricots, lemon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Apricots baked in Fig Leaves | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 teaspoons unsalted butter, room temperature, plus more for baking dishes; 6 teaspoons sugar; 8 fresh fig leaves, tough stems removed; 4 medium apricots, halved and pitted; 1/2 lemon, zested; Vanilla ice cream, for serving | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. Lightly butter 2 medium baking dishes. Sprinkle each dish with 1/2 teaspoon sugar; set aside. Place a fig leaf, dark side down, on a work surface. Place an apricot half, cut side up, in center of leaf. Sprinkle with 1/2 teaspoon sugar, and dot with 1/2 teaspoon butter. Wrap leaf around apricot to enclose. Place, seam side down, in prepared dish. Repeat with remaining apricots, placing 4 wrapped apricots in each dish. Brush packets with remaining 3 1/2 teaspoons butter and sprinkle with remaining 2 teaspoons sugar. Sprinkle the lemon zest evenly over the packets.  <END>
INPUT: cutlets, Four chicken breasts, Kosher salt pepper, flour, Dijon mustard, eggs
OUTPUT: TITLE: Quick Crispy Chicken Cutlets | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Four 9-ounce boneless skinless chicken breasts; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 3/4 cup flour; 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard; 2 large eggs, lightly beaten; 2 cups panko breadcrumbs; 1/3 cup finely grated Parmesan; 1 teaspoon lemon zest; 2/3 cup canola oil; 1 large ripe avocado, sliced into wedges; Lemon wedges, for serving | INSTRUCTIONS: Lay the chicken out on a cutting board. Hold your knife parallel to the cutting board and slice the chicken breasts in half so one breast is now two cutlets. Lay the chicken between two sheets of plastic wrap and pound out with a meat mallet to 1/4-inch thickness. Sprinkle them on both sides with salt and pepper. Set out three casserole dishes and add the flour to the first. Whisk together the mustard and eggs in the second. Mix together the panko, Parmesan, lemon zest and some salt and pepper in the third. Dredge each cutlet first through the flour, then in the egg mixture and finally in the  <END>
INPUT: Mexican, margaritas, pomegranate juice, Tequila Blanco, Triple Sec, lime juice, ice cubes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pomegranate Margaritas | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup pomegranate juice, store bought is fine, plus seeds for garnish; 1/3 cup Tequila Blanco (about 4 ounces); 1/8 cup Triple Sec (about 1-ounce); 1/4 cup fresh lime juice (about 2 ounces); 12 ounces ice cubes; Margarita salt, optional | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine all ingredients, except salt, in a blender and pulse until frothy and well combined. Rim glasses with lime juice using a lime wedge then dip in margarita salt, drop some fresh pomegranate seeds in the bottom of the glass and pour margarita mix over the top. <END>
INPUT: sauce, whipping cream, milk, bittersweet semisweet chocolate, tawny Port
OUTPUT: TITLE: Bittersweet Chocolate-Port Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 cup whipping cream; 1/4 cup whole milk; 1/4 cup (1/2 stick) unsalted butter; 8 ounces bittersweet or semisweet chocolate, chopped; 1/4 cup tawny Port | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring whipping cream, whole milk, and unsalted butter to simmer in small heavy saucepan. Remove saucepan from heat and add chopped chocolate. Whisk mixture until smooth. Stir in tawny Port. (Sauce can be made 2 days ahead. Cover and chill. Warm over medium-low heat.) Bring whipping cream, whole milk, and unsalted butter to simmer in small heavy saucepan. Remove saucepan from heat and add chopped chocolate. Whisk mixture until smooth. Stir in tawny Port. (Sauce can be made 2 days ahead. Cover and chill. Warm over medium-low heat.) <END>
INPUT: Italian, broth, zucchini, loosely basil leaves, shallot, garlic, water
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mussels in Zucchini Basil Broth | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 lb zucchini (about 2 to 3 medium), coarsely chopped; 3/4 cup loosely packed fresh basil leaves; 1 medium shallot, coarsely chopped; 2 garlic cloves, peeled; 1 1/2 cups water; 3/4 teaspoon salt; 1/4 teaspoon black pepper; 1/3 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 4 lb cultivated mussels, scrubbed and beards removed; Garnish: chopped fresh basil | INSTRUCTIONS: Purée zucchini, basil, shallot, garlic, water, salt, pepper, and oil (in batches if necessary) in a blender until smooth, 1 to 2 minutes per batch. Transfer zucchini purée to a wide 6- to 7-quart heavy pot and add mussels. Bring to a simmer, uncovered, over moderately high heat, then cover and cook, stirring occasionally, until mussels just open wide (check frequently after 5 minutes and discard any mussels that remain unopened after 8 minutes). Purée zucchini, basil, shallot, garlic, water, salt, pepper, and oil (in batches if necessary) in a blender until smooth, 1 to 2 minutes per batch. Tr <END>
INPUT: Asian, napoleons, Vegetable oil frying, wonton wrappers, cinnamon, whipped topping, strawberries
OUTPUT: TITLE: Wonton Napoleons | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: Vegetable oil for frying; 16 wonton wrappers (available in refrigerated Asian foods section); 1 1/2 teaspoons ground cinnamon; 2 cups frozen whipped topping, thawed; 16 large strawberries, sliced; 1 pint fresh raspberries; 4 fresh mint sprigs (optional) | INSTRUCTIONS: Pour enough oil into small saucepan to come 1/4 inch up sides of pan. Heat oil over medium-low heat. Using tongs and working with 1 wonton at a time, submerge wontons into hot oil, frying until golden brown, about 15 seconds for first side and 10 seconds for second side. Transfer fried wontons to paper towels to drain (wontons will continue to color slightly as they cool). Sprinkle fried wontons with cinnamon. Cool completely. To Assemble: Place 4 fried wontons on work surface. Spread 1 tablespoon of whipped topping over each. Arrange 1 sliced strawberry and 2 to 3 raspberries over whipped top <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, salad, Ten watermelon spears, Olive oil, blueberries, mint basil, balsamic vinegar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Watermelon and Mint Salad | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: Ten 1-inch-thick watermelon spears; Olive oil, for brushing; 1 cup fresh blueberries; 2 tablespoons coarsely chopped fresh mint or basil; 1 tablespoon balsamic vinegar; 2 ounces crumbled feta | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the grill or grill pan to very high heat. Brush the watermelon slices with olive oil. Grill for 2 to 3 minutes per side. Cool slightly and cut into 1-inch cubes (makes about 3 cups). Add to a serving bowl with the blueberries, mint, vinegar and feta. Toss to combine. Serve chilled. <END>
INPUT: American, fortified, rind trimmed from, Herb bundle several, onion, celery, carrots
OUTPUT: TITLE: Parmigiano and Herb-Fortified Stock | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 large rind trimmed from a hunk of Parmigiano-Reggiano cheese or a few small pieces rind perhaps saved-up; Herb bundle of several sprigs each fresh thyme, parsley and rosemary, tied; 1 onion, quartered; 2 ribs celery, sliced on angle; 2 carrots, sliced on angle; Peeled rind of 1 lemon; 2 fresh bay leaves; 4 cups chicken stock; 12 cups (3 quarts) water; 24 ripe organic vine tomatoes or large plum tomatoes; Several cloves garlic, crushed; Extra-virgin olive oil, for liberal drizzling | INSTRUCTIONS: Place the cheese rind, herb bundle, onion, celery, carrots, lemon rind, bay leaves, chicken stock, and water into a pot and bring to a bubble, then reduce the heat to a simmer. Simmer at least 1 hour, and then remove the rind, herb bundle, and vegetables with a slotted spoon or strainer. Heat the oven to 500 degrees F. For the Roasted Tomatoes: Arrange the tomatoes on a baking sheet or baking sheets in a single layer. Scatter the garlic among the tomatoes, dress with extra-virgin olive oil to coat and season with salt and pepper. Roast the tomatoes until they burst and skins split and begin to <END>
INPUT: tuscan, seedless grapes, bulb fennel, cubed multigrain bread, virgin olive oil, rosemary
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tuscan Pork with Fennel and Grapes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 cups seedless red grapes (about 1 pound); 1 large bulb fennel, trimmed, halved and thinly sliced; 3 cups cubed multigrain bread (about 4 ounces); 1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil; 1 1/2 teaspoons chopped fresh rosemary; Kosher salt; 1 large pork tenderloin (about 1 1/2 pounds); Freshly ground pepper; 1 tablespoon unsalted butter; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh sage; 1 shallot, chopped; 3/4 cup low-sodium chicken broth | INSTRUCTIONS: Position racks in the upper and lower thirds of the oven; preheat to 425 degrees F. Combine the grapes, fennel, cubed bread and 1 teaspoon each olive oil, rosemary and salt in a large bowl; toss to coat. Spread on a rimmed baking sheet; roast on the upper oven rack until the grapes start to burst and the bread is golden, about 20 minutes. Set aside. Meanwhile, slice the pork crosswise into 4 equal pieces. Turn each piece cut-side up and press with your hand to flatten slightly. Transfer to a large bowl and add 1 teaspoon olive oil and the remaining 1/2 teaspoon rosemary; season with salt and p <END>
INPUT: water, salt, half half additional
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lima Bean Purée | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 5 (10-ounce) packages frozen baby lima beans; 3 cups water; 1 3/4 teaspoons salt; 1/2 cup half-and-half plus additional for thinning; 3/4 stick (6 tablespoons) unsalted butter; 1/4 teaspoon cayenne; 1/4 teaspoon black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Simmer lima beans in water with 1teaspoon salt in a 5-quart pot, covered, until just tender, about 15 minutes. Purée beans with cooking liquid in batches in a food processor until smooth, then force purée through a medium-mesh sieve or a food mill fitted with fine disk into a large bowl. Heat half-and-half and butter in a small saucepan over moderate heat until butter is melted, then stir into bean purée along with cayenne, black pepper, and remaining 3/4 teaspoon salt. If purée is too thick, thin to desired consistency with additional half-and-half. Simmer lima beans in water with 1teaspoon s <END>
INPUT: onions, packet onion soup, French bread
OUTPUT: TITLE: French Onion Soup | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 5 small onions, thinly sliced; 2 cans (14 ounces) low sodium beef broth (recommended: Swanson's); 2 cans (10 ounces) beef consomme (recommended: Campbell's); 1 packet onion soup mix (recommended: Lipton's); 8 slices French bread, about 1 inch thick; 1 cup shredded Gruyere | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine onions, broth, consomme, and soup mix in a slow cooker. Cook on HIGH setting for 4 hours, or LOW setting for 8 hours. Ladle soup into serving bowls. Top with a slice of French bread. Sprinkle 2 tablespoons cheese over each bread slice. Put soup bowls under broiler until cheese is melted. Alternatively, place the bread on a baking sheet and top with cheese; broil until cheese has melted, about 30 to 40 seconds, and set on top just before serving. <END>
INPUT: smoked bacon, onions, collard greens, Kosher salt, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spicy Braised Collard Greens | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 8 ounces smoked bacon, cut into thin strips (lardons); 1 cup diced onions; 4 pounds collard greens, rinsed well but not dried; Kosher salt, to taste; Freshly ground black pepper; 2 cups chicken stock; 1/4 cup cider vinegar; 2 tablespoons sugar; 1 teaspoon red pepper flakes, or to taste; Hot pepper vinegar, for serving | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large Dutch oven, cook the bacon over medium-high heat, stirring occasionally, until just crisp, 10 to 15 minutes. Remove the bacon to a paper towel-lined plate. Pour off all but 3 tablespoons of the bacon drippings and lower the heat to medium. Add the onions and cook until tender and translucent, 3 to 5 minutes. While the bacon and onions are cooking, prepare the greens. To remove the thick, woody stems that run down the center of the leaves, hold the base of the collard stem in one hand. Wrap your other hand around the bottom of the stem, directly under the leaf (like you are holding a <END>
INPUT: American, slow, cooked, eggs, milk half half, kosher salt, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Slow-Cooked Scrambled Eggs with Goat Cheese | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 16 extra-large eggs; 1/2 cup milk or half-and-half; 1 1/2 teaspoons kosher salt; 3/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 4 tablespoons (1/2 stick) unsalted butter, divided; 6 ounces fresh goat cheese, such as Montrachet, crumbled; 2 tablespoons minced fresh chives | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Heat a charcoal grill with coals. Spread them out in one dense layer. Whisk the eggs in a bowl with the milk, salt, and pepper. Heat 2 tablespoons of butter in a large saute or omelet pan over the hot grill. Add the eggs and cook them until the desired doneness, stirring constantly. Off the grill, add the goat cheese, chives, and the remaining 2 tablespoons of butter. Stir and allow the eggs to sit for 30 seconds, until the cheese begins to melt. Check for seasonings. Serve hot. <END>
INPUT: Indian, sliders, chutney, skin, grapeseed oil, Kosher salt pepper, Vegetable oil, all purpose flour
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken Sliders with Tomato Chutney | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 4 skin-on, boneless chicken thighs (about 1 1/4 pounds); 2 tablespoons grapeseed oil; Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper; Vegetable oil, for deep-frying; 1 cup all-purpose flour; 1 cup chopped plum tomatoes; 1/4 cup diced red onion; 1 tablespoon minced fresh parsley; Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened; 8 potato slider rolls, split; Mayonnaise, for topping (optional) | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 225 degrees F. Bake the chicken: Toss the chicken with the grapeseed oil and 1/4 teaspoon each salt and pepper in a medium bowl, coating well. Transfer to a baking sheet and bake until cooked through, about 35 minutes. Remove from the oven and let cool 1 hour. Meanwhile, make the chutney: Combine the tomatoes, red onion, parsley, 1 teaspoon salt and 1/2 teaspoon pepper in a small saucepan and cook over low heat, stirring occasionally, 30 minutes. Remove from the heat and cover to keep warm. Fry the chicken: Heat 3 inches of vegetable oil in a large pot over medium-high heat <END>
INPUT: Italian, unsalted butter, chives, truffle salt oil, Salt pepper, Parmesan
OUTPUT: TITLE: Truffle and Parmesan Popcorn | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 4 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1/4 cup chopped fresh chives; 2 teaspoons black truffle salt or oil; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 cup grated Parmesan; 1 bag microwave popcorn, popped as directed | INSTRUCTIONS: In a small saucepan over medium heat, add the butter and chives. Saute until the butter is fragrant, about 30 seconds. Remove from the heat and add the truffle oil and season with salt and pepper. Place the popcorn into a large bowl and pour over the truffled butter and sprinkle in the Parmesan. Toss well to combine and serve immediately. <END>
INPUT: mashed, Yukon potatoes, unsalted butter, heavy cream half
OUTPUT: TITLE: Creamy Mashed Potatoes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 3/4 pounds Yukon potatoes, peeled and quartered; 1/2 stick unsalted butter; 1 cup heavy cream or half and half, heated until hot | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: potato ricer or food mill Place potatoes in a large pot of cold water to cover by 1-inch. Bring potatoes to a boil and cook until tender, about 30 minutes. Drain in a colander. Force potatoes, while still warm, through ricer into a large bowl. Add butter and stir with a wooden spoon, letting butter melt completely. Add 1 cup cream and incorporate by gently stirring with wooden spoon, adding more cream to thin to desired consistency. <END>
INPUT: gumbo, all purpose flour, vegetable oil, chicken, butter, tomatoes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Shrimp Gumbo | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup all-purpose flour; 1 cup vegetable oil; 1 whole chicken, cut into pieces; 2 sticks butter (or bacon grease); 3 gallons tomatoes, crushed; 2 gallons sliced okra; 8 bell peppers, chopped; 1 gallon chopped celery; 1 1/2 gallons chopped onions; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; Garlic powder; Cajun seasoning; Old Bay seasoning; Hot sauce (recommended: Louisiana); 1 package shrimp boil | INSTRUCTIONS: To make the roux: In a heavy skillet, combine equal parts oil with flour and cook over medium heat stirring constantly until dark brown in color. Immediately remove from heat. Roux will continue to cook, stir occasionally. To make the Shrimp Gumbo: Over medium heat in a large stockpot, bring chicken with enough water to cover it to a boil and create a broth. Remove chicken from pot and discard. Melt butter into chicken broth, then add tomatoes, okra, peppers, celery, and onions. Next add salt, black pepper, garlic powder, Cajun seasoning, Old Bay seasoning, and hot sauce, to taste. Add additio <END>
INPUT: toast, Egg Beaters® Original, fat free milk, cinnamon, vanilla extract, PAM® Original No
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cinnamon French Toast | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup Egg Beaters® Original (1 cup = 8 oz); 1/3 cup fat free milk; 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; PAM® Original No-Stick Cooking Spray; 10 slices Healthy Choice® Multi-Grain Bread or French bread; Maple-flavored syrup, optional | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. Preheat oven to 200 degrees F. Whisk together Egg Beaters, milk, cinnamon and vanilla in shallow medium bowl; set aside. Spray large nonstick skillet with cooking spray; heat over medium heat. 2. Dip 3 or 4 of the bread slices into Egg Beaters mixture, turning to evenly coat both sides of each slice. Add to skillet; cook 3 minutes on each side, or until golden brown on both sides. 3. Place toast slices on baking sheet; cover with foil. Place in oven to keep warm. Repeat with remaining Egg Beaters mixture and bread slices. Serve with syrup, if desired. <END>
INPUT: Salad, pkg Express® Lettuce, Bleu cheese, kalamata olives, turkey
OUTPUT: TITLE: Apple Turkey Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Salad Ingredients:; 1 pkg Fresh Express® 5-Lettuce Mix™; 1/2 cup Bleu cheese, crumbled; 12 kalamata olives; 2 cups turkey, torn; 1/2 cup walnuts; 1/2 cup croutons; 1 green apple, sliced; 1/2 cup red onion, sliced; Your favorite Italian Vinaigrette dressing | INSTRUCTIONS: Blue cheese, turkey, walnuts and apple bring out the best flavor with our 5-Lettuce Mix™ Make Salad: Place greens into a large salad bowl. Top with Bleu cheese, walnuts, olives, turkey, & croutons. Add green apple & red onion. Drizzle dressing over salad. <END>
INPUT: chicken breast halves, kosher salt, pepper, rosemary, unsalted butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pan-Roasted Stilton Chicken with Apples | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 boneless skinless chicken breast halves (about 1 1/2 pounds); 1/4 teaspoon kosher salt; 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground pepper; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh rosemary; 1 tablespoon unsalted butter; 1 1/2 teaspoons extra-virgin olive oil; 2 unpeeled Honeycrisp or Fuji apples, cored and sliced 1/4 inch thick (about 2 1/4 cups); 2 ounces Stilton cheese, crumbled (about 1/3 cup) | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 425°F. Lightly oil a small, rimmed baking sheet with extra-virgin olive oil or coat with nonstick cooking spray. Season the chicken breasts with salt and pepper, and sprinkle with the rosemary. Melt the butter with the oil in a large nonstick skillet over medium-high heat. Cook the chicken for 6 minutes or until browned on both sides, turning once. Transfer to the baking sheet. Add the apple slices to the skillet and cook over medium-high heat for 3 to 4 minutes, or until slightly softened and lightly browned. Spoon the apples around the chicken, placing a couple of slices  <END>
INPUT: mediterranean, all purpose flour, cayenne, California virgin olive, chicken breast cutlets, Juice half lemon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mediterranean Chicken | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons all-purpose flour; Pinch of cayenne; 2 tablespoons California extra-virgin olive oil; 3 large chicken breast cutlets, pounded or thinly sliced; Juice of half a lemon, plus four slices of lemon; 2 large cloves garlic, sliced; 1/3 cup sliced kalamata olives, pitted; 1/3 cup green olives (we use some marinated in herbs de Provence), pitted; 3 tablespoons fresh Italian parsley, chopped; 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt; Fresh pepper, to taste; 2 teaspoons butter | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine the flour and cayenne in a shallow bowl. Heat the olive oil in a medium skillet on medium flame until hot. Dredge the chicken in the flour mixture, shaking off any excess flour. Place the chicken in the hot skillet and cook until lightly golden, about 3 minutes. Turn the chicken over, add the lemon juice, lemon slices, garlic, olives, 1 1/2 tablespoons of the parsley, and the salt and pepper. Cook for 8 to 10 minutes, shaking the pan occasionally and stirring the olive mixture gently to avoid burning the garlic. Add the butter to the pan, shaking to combine the sauce. Place the chicken <END>
INPUT: punch, honey, apricot nectar, Juice lemons, sparkling apple juice, Lemon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Honey Punch | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup honey; 2 cups apricot nectar; Juice of 2 lemons; One 25.4-ounce bottle sparkling apple juice, such as Martinelli's; Lemon slices, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: In a small saucepan, bring 1/2 cup water to a boil. Add the honey to the boiling water, then chill. Add the cooled honey syrup to a pitcher with the apricot nectar, lemon juice and sparkling apple juice. Serve over ice with lemon slices to garnish. <END>
INPUT: Indian, mint, cinnamon, cumin, turmeric, Spanish paprika, sea salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Apricot Chicken with Mint and Sage Butternut Squash | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1/2 teaspoon ground cumin; 1 teaspoon ground turmeric; 1 1/2 teaspoon Spanish paprika; 1 teaspoon sea salt; 1 teaspoon ghee or olive oil; 1 (4- to 6-pound) whole chicken; 3 plum tomatoes, cut into small dice; 1/2 cup chopped dried Turkish apricots; 4 large garlic cloves, minced; 1/4 cup golden raisins; 3 cups Chicken Bone Broth; 1 butternut squash, peeled, cut in half, and seeds removed, cut into small dice; 1 teaspoon olive oil; 1 tablespoon roughly chopped fresh sage | INSTRUCTIONS: Prepare the rub and the chicken: Preheat the oven to 375°. In a large mixing bowl, combine the cinnamon, cumin, turmeric, paprika, sea salt, and ghee or oil. Add the chicken to the bowl and, using your hands, work the rub into the chicken, ensuring the entire chicken is coated. In a deep cast-iron pot or slow cooker, combine the tomatoes, apricots, garlic, raisins, and broth. Place the chicken on top of the veggies and place the pot in the oven for 50 minutes, or until the chicken reaches an internal temperature of 150°F. Remove the chicken from the pot and set aside to rest for 15 minutes. Br <END>
INPUT: crusted, Oil, Salt pepper, new potatoes, horseradish, parsley
OUTPUT: TITLE: Horseradish-crusted Chinook Salmon with Braised Greens and Roasted New Potatoes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Oil; Salt and pepper; 8 new potatoes, halved; 2 tablespoons prepared horseradish; 1 cup chopped fresh parsley; 1/2 teaspoon fresh lemon zest; 2 tablespoons whole grain mustard; 2 tablespoons minced fresh garlic, plus 1 tablespoon; 1 cup Japanese-style bread crumbs (recommended: panko); 3 ounces extra-virgin olive oil, plus 1 ounce; 4 to 6 Chinook salmon fillets, (recommended: pave cut 2 inches by 2 inches by 1 inch); 2 tablespoons canola oil; 1 cup fish stock or clam juice; 2 quarts mixed braising greens (chard, kale, mustard greens, and endive); 1 lemon, juiced | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F and coat a baking sheet with oil and sprinkle it with salt and pepper. Place the potatoes, cut side down, on the tray and place in the preheated oven. Roast until just golden brown and just tender, about 20 to 25 minutes. Remove the potatoes from the oven and hold them in a warm place. Mix the horseradish, parsley, lemon zest, mustard, and 2 tablespoons of garlic in a small bowl. When it is evenly combined, add the bread crumbs and toss them gently. Drizzle 3 ounces of the olive oil over the crumb mixture and stir gently taking care not to break up the crumbs  <END>
INPUT: squares, Pastry Shell, unsalted butter, sugar, honey
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pecan Squares | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Pastry Shell, recipe follows; 1 cup unsalted butter; 1 1/2 cups brown sugar; 1/4 cup sugar; 1/2 cup honey; 1/4 teaspoon fine salt; 1/3 cup heavy cream; 4 1/2 cups halved pecans; 1/2 cup unsalted butter, softened; 2/3 cup sugar; 2 cups pastry flour; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1 egg; 1 egg yolk | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: A 9 by 13 by 2-inch pan Preheat oven to 365 degrees F. While the pastry is cooling, combine the butter, brown sugar, white sugar, honey, and salt in a large pot over high heat. Boil for 6 minutes. Remove from the heat and, at arm's length, carefully stir in the cream, being mindful of splatters. Add the pecans and mix thoroughly. Pour the filling evenly over the baked pastry. Bake for 20 minutes until golden brown. Cool completely before cutting into squares. Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. In a medium bowl, cream together the butter and sugar. Mix in the pastry flour and sal <END>
INPUT: American, kalidasa, kicked, half half, coffee grounds, star anise, heavy cream, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Kalidasa's Kicked Up Chocolate Cream Pie | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups half-and-half; 1 teaspoon coffee grounds, finely ground; 1 star anise; 2 cups heavy cream, plus 1 cup; 1 cup sugar, plus 1 teaspoon for cream; 1/4 cup all-purpose flour; 3 tablespoons cornstarch; 1/8 teaspoon salt; 4 egg yolks; 1/4 cups Scharffen Berger cocoa powder, plus some for sprinkling; 2 ounces Scharffen Berger bittersweet chocolate (70 percent), chopped; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; 1 tablespoon unsalted butter; 1 ounce Grand Marnier; 1 ounce Scharffen Berger semisweet chocolate (62 percent) finely chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: Put the half-and-half in a saucepan with the coffee and star anise. Heat to scalding, remove from heat and allow to stand for 10 minutes to infuse the flavors. Strain mixture into clean saucepan. Add 2 cups heavy cream and set aside. In a separate bowl mix 1 cup sugar, flour, cornstarch, and salt. Add egg yolks and combine with sugar mixture (a fork does a good job) until well blended (the sugar mixture is completely yellow). Loosely mix in Scharffen Berger cocoa powder. Add mixture to infused half-and-half mixture and heat slowly stirring continuously. When mixture is hot and just starting to <END>
INPUT: French, smothered, light sugar, apple cider vinegar, kosher salt, granulated garlic, peppercorns
OUTPUT: TITLE: Brie Smothered Pork Chops | CUISINE: French | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup light brown sugar; 1/4 cup apple cider vinegar; 2 tablespoons kosher salt, plus more for sprinkling; 1 tablespoon granulated garlic; 1 tablespoon whole black peppercorns; 1 tablespoon dried thyme; 1 teaspoons mustard powder; Pinch dried red pepper flakes; 2 cups ice cubes; 2 double-cut pork loin chops (1 bone), about 1 1/2-inches thick, 1-pound each; Freshly ground black pepper; Extra-virgin olive oil; 4 ounces Brie; Olive oil; 1 green apple, such as Granny Smith, roughly sliced | INSTRUCTIONS: For the brine and pork chops: Combine 2 cups water, brown sugar, vinegar, 2 tablespoons salt, garlic, peppercorns, thyme, mustard powder and red pepper flakes in a large saucepan and set over high heat. Bring to a simmer and stir until the sugar has dissolved. Remove from the heat and add the ice cubes to bring down the temperature. Once cooled and the ice cubes have dissolved, add to a resealable plastic container (or a plastic bag) and add the pork chops. Place in the fridge for 1 hour. Tie each pork chop around the perimeter with a piece of kitchen twine. This will help the chop retain a ni <END>
INPUT: tarts, bell peppers, olive oil, herbed Boursin cheese, thyme leaves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Red Pepper and Boursin Tarts | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 red bell peppers, quartered lengthwise, seeded, and thinly sliced crosswise; 1 tablespoon olive oil; 1 (17 1/4-ounce) package frozen puff pastry sheets, thawed; 1/4 cup herbed Boursin cheese (2 ounces), softened; 1/4 teaspoon fresh thyme leaves; 1/8 teaspoon kosher salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 450°F. Cook bell peppers in oil in a large nonstick skillet over moderate heat, stirring, until softened, about 8 minutes, then cool. Unfold pastry sheets on a lightly floured surface and cut out an 8-inch round from each. Transfer rounds to a buttered large baking sheet and prick all over with a fork, leaving a 1/2-inch border around edges. Spread 2 tablespoons cheese evenly over each round, then scatter with peppers and sprinkle with thyme, kosher salt, and pepper to taste. Bake tarts in middle of oven until puffed and golden brown, about 15 minutes, then transfer to a rack t <END>
INPUT: French, lava, CRAB, Alaskan crab, jumbo lump crab, egg yolks, mayonnaise
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lava Crab | CUISINE: French | INGREDIENTS: CRAB MIXTURE:; 11/2 cups Alaskan crab (picked); 1 pound jumbo lump crab (drained from liquid); 31/2 large egg yolks; 1/4 cup mayonnaise; 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard; 1/2 tablespoon Tabasco® sauce; 1/3 cup chives (chopped); 1/2 cup plum (Roma) tomatoes (seeds removed and brunoise cut); 1 teaspoon fresh tarragon (finely chopped); 1 teaspoon kosher salt; 1/2 teaspoon nutmeg (ground); 11/2 cups panko bread crumbs; 1 pound kataifi phyllo dough; OLD BAY SAUCE: | INSTRUCTIONS: To make the crab mixture, set the crab aside in a strainer to drain liquid. In a mixing bowl, whisk the egg yolks, mayonnaise, mustard,Tabasco®, chives, tomatoes, tarragon, salt and nutmeg together. Add the crab to the ingredients in the mixing bowl, and fold with hands. Add the panko bread crumbs and mix well. Scoop 2-ounce balls of mixture onto a sheet pan and set aside. Wrap the crab balls in kataifi phyllo dough until enclosed and completely covered. Place on a sheet pan; cover and set inside the refrigerator. To make the sauce, in a saucepan saute the shrimp, onion and garlic in the butte <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, soup, shots, fire roasted peppers, Sherry vinegar, kosher salt, pepper, virgin olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Red Pepper Soup Shots | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 16-ounce jar fire-roasted red peppers with their juices; 1 tablespoon Sherry vinegar; 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt; 1/4 teaspoon black pepper; 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil; parsley, olive oil, minced bell peppers, toasted coriander seeds, caper berries, feta, or minced hard-boiled egg | INSTRUCTIONS: Purée one 16-ounce jar fire-roasted red peppers with their juices, 1 tablespoon Sherry vinegar, 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt, and 1/4 teaspoon black pepper in a blender on high speed until very smooth, about 1 minute. With motor running, gradually add 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil. Season to taste with salt, pepper, and more vinegar, if desired. DO AHEAD: Soup can be made 1 day ahead. Cover; chill. Divide soup among small cups or shot glasses. Garnish with parsley, olive oil, minced bell peppers, toasted coriander seeds, caper berries, feta, or minced hard-boiled egg. Purée one 16-ounce jar fire- <END>
INPUT: croutons, onion, Good olive oil, Kosher salt, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lemon Chicken with Croutons | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 (4 to 5-pound) roasting chicken; 1 large yellow onion, sliced; Good olive oil; Kosher salt; Freshly ground black pepper; 2 lemons, quartered; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted; 6 cups (3/4-inch) bread cubes (1 baguette or round boule) | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Take the giblets out of the chicken and wash it inside and out. Remove any excess fat and leftover pinfeathers. Toss the onion with a little olive oil in a small roasting pan. Place the chicken on top and sprinkle the inside of the cavity with salt and pepper. Place the lemons inside the chicken. Pat the outside of the chicken dry with paper towels, brush it with the melted butter, and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Tie the legs together with kitchen string and tuck the wing tips under the body of the chicken. Roast for 1 1/4 to <END>
INPUT: salad, sweet potatoes, virgin olive oil, Kosher salt pepper, loosely baby arugula
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sweet Potato and Arugula Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Nonstick cooking spray, for spraying the baking sheet; 6 cups 1/2-inch-diced sweet potatoes (4 to 6 large sweet potatoes; I leave the skin on but peeling is an option); 1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 cups loosely packed baby arugula; 4 scallions, white and light green parts only, thinly sliced; 1/4 cup mayonnaise; 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 2 tablespoons grated Parmesan | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Spray a baking sheet with nonstick cooking spray. Toss the sweet potatoes in a large bowl with the olive oil, 1/2 teaspoon salt and 1/4 teaspoon pepper. Transfer to the prepared baking sheet and bake for 20 minutes. Stir the potatoes and continue to bake until fork-tender, an additional 15 to 20 minutes. Let cool completely. In a large bowl, combine the cooled sweet potatoes, arugula and scallions. In a small bowl, whisk the mayonnaise with the lemon juice and Parmesan; season with salt and pepper. Just before serving, toss the  <END>
INPUT: mini, snowballs, unsweetened coconut, dates, almonds, cinnamon, kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mini Date-Nut Snowballs | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 tablespoons unsweetened shredded coconut; 3 1/2 ounces pitted dried dates (about 14); 15 small raw almonds; 1/4 teaspoon ground cinnamon; Pinch of kosher salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Spread the coconut on a plate. Put the dates, almonds, cinnamon and salt in a food processor and process until finely chopped. Form rounded 1/2 teaspoonfuls of the mixture into balls with your fingers, then roll in the coconut, pressing to coat. Photograph by Jonathan Kantor. <END>
INPUT: roast, sauce, vegetable oil, honey mustard, tarragon, olive oil, turkey breast
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roast Turkey Breast with Potatoes, Green Beans, and Mustard Pan Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Nonstick vegetable oil spray; 4 tablespoons honey mustard, divided; 5 tablespoons chopped fresh tarragon, divided; 2 1/2 tablespoons olive oil, divided; 1 2 1/4-pound boneless turkey breast, net removed; 2 pounds baby potatoes, halved; 2 cups thinly sliced leeks (white and pale green parts only; about 2 large); 2 8-ounce packages trimmed French green beans (haricots verts); 1 cup low-salt chicken broth | INSTRUCTIONS: Position 1 rack in top third and 1 rack in bottom third of oven and preheat to 425°F. Coat 2 heavy large rimmed baking sheets with nonstick spray. Whisk 2 tablespoons mustard, 2 tablespoons tarragon, and 1 tablespoon oil in small bowl. Place turkey breast, skin side up, on 1 prepared baking sheet; sprinkle all over with salt and pepper. Spread mustard mixture over skin. Roast turkey in bottom third of oven 45 minutes. While turkey roasts, toss potatoes, sliced leeks, 1 tablespoon tarragon, and 1 tablespoon oil in large bowl. Sprinkle with salt and pepper; spread out on second baking sheet. Aft <END>
INPUT: long grain basmati, water, salt, vegetable oil, plain yogurt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Saffron Steamed Plain Basmati Rice | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 cups long-grain white basmati rice; 8 cups cold water; 2 tablespoons salt; 3/4 cup vegetable oil, butter, or ghee; 2 tablespoons plain yogurt; 1/2 teaspoon ground saffron threads, dissolved in 4 tablespoons hot water | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. Pick over the rice carefully to remove its many small solid particles of grit. 2. Wash the rice by placing it in a large container and covering it with lukewarm water. Agitate gently with your hand, then pour off the water. Repeat five times until the rice is completely clean. 3. In a large nonstick pot, bring 8 cups of water and 2 tablespoons salt to a boil. Add the rice to the pot and boil briskly for 6 to 10 minutes, gently stirring twice with a wooden spoon to loosen any grains that stick to the bottom. Once the rice rises to the top of the pot, it is done. 4. Drain the rice in a large, <END>
INPUT: pineapple, mango sorbet
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lychee Nuts and Pineapple Chunks with Mango Sorbet | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1(16-ounce) can lychee nuts in syrup; 1 ripe pineapple, peeled and cored, then cut into chunks; 1 pint mango sorbet | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine nuts in syrup and diced pineapple. Chill until ready to serve dessert. Top dishes of pineapple and nuts with scoops of mango sorbet. Yummo! <END>
INPUT: American, oven, fries, sweet potatoes, olive oil, cornstarch, paprika, garlic powder
OUTPUT: TITLE: Oven-Baked Sweet Potato Fries with Homemade Ranch Dressing | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 medium sweet potatoes, peeled and cut into even French fry shapes (slightly larger than 1/4-inch batons); 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1 tablespoon cornstarch; 1/2 teaspoon paprika; 1/4 teaspoon garlic powder; 1/8 teaspoon cayenne; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; Ranch Dressing, recipe follows; 3 tablespoons buttermilk; 2 tablespoons mayonnaise; 2 tablespoons sour cream; 1/2 teaspoon white wine vinegar; 1/4 teaspoon onion powder; 1 clove garlic, minced; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F. Put the sweet potatoes in a large bowl. Add the olive oil and toss to coat. Stir together the cornstarch, paprika, garlic powder, cayenne, 3/4 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of black pepper in a small bowl. Sprinkle the spice mixture over the sweet potatoes and toss to coat. Arrange the sweet potatoes on a baking sheet in a single layer, leaving as much space between the fries as possible. Bake, turning once about three-quarters of the way through, until the edges are browned and crispy, 20 to 25 minutes. Cool 5 minutes before serving. Serve the warm fries wi <END>
INPUT: challah, envelopes, eggs
OUTPUT: TITLE: Apple Challah | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 envelopes (1 1/2 tablespoons plus 1 1/2 teaspoons/14 grams/0.5 ounces) instant yeast; 5 cups (675 grams/23.8 ounces) bread flour; 1 cup (225 grams/7.9 ounces) warm water; 3 large eggs; 1/3 cup (85 grams/3 ounces) vegetable oil, plus extra for oiling the pan and for topping; 2 1/2 teaspoons (13 grams/0.4 ounce) table salt; 1/2 cup (100 grams/3.5 ounces) granulated sugar, plus extra for sprinkling; 3 large or about 4 medium baking apples (about 1,125 grams/2 1/2 pounds), preferably Braeburns (for 4 1/2 heaping cups/660 grams/23 ounces cut-up appl | INSTRUCTIONS: Mixing the yeast slurry In a large bowl, whisk together the yeast and 1 cup (125 grams/3.8 ounces) of the flour, then whisk in the warm water until smooth. Let the slurry stand uncovered for 10 to 20 minutes, or until it begins to ferment and puff up slightly. In a large bowl, whisk together the yeast and 1 cup (125 grams/3.8 ounces) of the flour, then whisk in the warm water until smooth. Let the slurry stand uncovered for 10 to 20 minutes, or until it begins to ferment and puff up slightly. Mixing the dough Whisk the eggs, oil, salt, and sugar into the puffed yeast slurry until the eggs are  <END>
INPUT: American, stargazy, Pie dough, pilchards herrings, onion, each parsley, saffron
OUTPUT: TITLE: Stargazy Pie | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: Pie dough; 8 pilchards or herrings; 1 onion, finely chopped; 1/4 cup each chopped parsley, fennel and thyme leaves; 1 pinch saffron; 2 tablespoons milk | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (180 degrees C). Line a pie dish with thinly rolled pie dough. Remove fins from fish and wipe off scales. Slit and gut them and fill the cavities with chopped onion and herbs. Arrange round the dish with heads to the rim. Cover with pie dough, and make a slit by each head. Pull the heads through the dough. Dissolve the saffron in the milk. Brush the pie dough with the saffron milk, and bake for about 35 minutes. <END>
INPUT: tartare, vegetable oil, virgin olive oil, egg yolks, shallots, capers
OUTPUT: TITLE: Salmon Tartare | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup vegetable oil; 3/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil, plus more for pea shoots; 3 large egg yolks; 1/4 cup finely chopped shallots; 1/4 cup finely chopped capers; 3 tablespoons Asian fish sauce (nuoc nam); 4 1/2 teaspoons freshly squeezed lemon juice, plus more for pea shoots; 4 1/2 teaspoons freshly squeezed lime juice; 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard; 1 1/2 teaspoons hot pepper sauce; 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground white pepper, plus more for pea shoots; 1 pound skinned salmon (from the belly), cut into 1/4-inch cubes; 2 tablespoons finely snipped fresh chives; 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh flat-leaf parsley; 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh chervil | INSTRUCTIONS: To make the sauce, combine the vegetable oil and olive oil in a liquid measuring cup. In a medium bowl, combine egg yolks, shallots, capers, fish sauce, lemon juice, lime juice, mustard, Tabasco sauce, and white pepper. Whisk in the oil, drop by drop, until the sauce begins to thicken. Continue adding oil, in a slow steady stream, until all of the oil is incorporated. Taste, and adjust for seasoning. Transfer 1/2 of the sauce to a medium bowl. Add the diced salmon, and stir gently to combine. If necessary, add additional sauce to barely coat the salmon. Reserve remaining sauce for another use. <END>
INPUT: American, salad, unripe mango, Juice lemon, hot sauce, sugar, Kosher salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fast Fry Steak with Sundried Tomato and Roasted Red Pepper Orzo and Mango Salad | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 unripe mango, peeled and cut into strips; Juice of 1 lemon; 1 teaspoon hot sauce (recommended: Sriracha); Pinch sugar; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 cup orzo, prepared according to package instructions; 1 cup roasted red peppers, diced; 1 cup sundried tomatoes packed in oil, drained and diced; Zest of 1 lemon; 1 clove garlic, pureed (very finely minced); Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1/2 bunch fresh flat-leaf parsley, chopped; 4 (1/2-pound) fast fry steaks (beef fillet), flattened with a mallet; 1/4 cup all-purpose flour; 1/2 bunch fresh sage, stemmed | INSTRUCTIONS: For the salad: In a bowl toss together the mango strips, lemon juice, hot sauce, sugar, salt, and pepper. Cover the bowl with plastic wrap, and place in the refrigerator to marinate for 30 minutes. For the orzo: After the orzo has finished cooking, transfer the pasta to a bowl while it is still warm. Add the roasted red peppers, sundried tomatoes, lemon zest, and garlic to the bowl, and toss to combine. Season the orzo with salt, and pepper, to taste and incorporate the chopped parsley, just before serving. For the steak: Heat a cast-iron pan over high heat. Season the steaks with salt, and pe <END>
INPUT: gelato, sugar, water, pureed, "neutral" stabilizing powder
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fresh Fig Gelato | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cups sugar; 1 pint water; 3 cups pureed, peeled fresh figs (other fruit purees can be substituted); 1 tablespoon "neutral" stabilizing powder* | INSTRUCTIONS: *Cook's Note: Purchase this online or at cake decorating supply stores. Combine the sugar and water in a saucepan. Simmer over medium heat until the sugar dissolves. Increase the heat and boil the syrup until it thickens, about 5 minutes. Remove the syrup from the heat and allow it to cool to room temperature. Mix the puree with the cool syrup, then stir in the "neutral" stabilizing powder, whisking for 5 minutes. (The stabilizing powder prevents ice crystals from forming and helps ensure a smooth textured gelato.) Chill the gelato base thoroughly then process it in an ice cream maker accordin <END>
INPUT: Mexican, noodles, canola oil, Salt pepper, garlic, cilantro leaves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cilantro Chicken and Spicy Thai Noodles | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 4 boneless, skinless chicken thighs (about 1 pound); 3 tablespoons canola oil; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 tablespoons minced garlic; 1/4 cup cilantro leaves; 2 limes, 1 zested and 2 juiced; 2 tablespoons seasoned rice vinegar; 2 tablespoons canola oil; 1-inch chunk ginger, peeled and grated (about 1 tablespoon); 1 lime, zested and juiced; 2 cloves garlic, minced; 1/4 teaspoon red pepper flakes; 1 cup chicken stock; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 tablespoon Thai green curry paste | INSTRUCTIONS: For the chicken: Combine all the ingredients in a nonreactive bowl and let stand at room temperature for 20 minutes. Prepare a grill pan to medium-high heat and place the chicken thighs on the pan, cooking for 4 minutes per side. For the noodles: In a medium saute pan over medium heat, add the canola oil. Add the ginger, lime zest and juice, garlic, red pepper flakes and chicken stock. Stir all to combine and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Add the curry paste, seasoned rice vinegar and scallions. Reduce the heat to low and simmer for 2 minutes. Place the noodles in a large serving bowl along w <END>
INPUT: blondie, bars, sifted all purpose, baking soda, salt, each vanilla beans, unsalted butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Homemade Blondie Bars with Chocolate and Almonds | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup plus 1 tablespoon sifted all-purpose flour; 1/2 teaspoon baking soda; 1/8 teaspoon salt; 2 each vanilla beans, split; 1/2 cup unsalted butter; 1 large egg; 1 cup plus 1 tablespoon packed light brown sugar; 3/4 cup toasted almonds (or pecans), coarsely chopped; 2 ounces white chocolate, coarsely chopped; 2 ounces dark chocolate, coarsely chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Butter a 6 to 8 inch square baking pan. Sift the flour with the baking soda and salt onto a sheet of waxed paper. Scrape the vanilla beans and reserve the pods and scrapings. Place the vanilla and the butter in a small saucepan and heat until melted. Beat the egg with the brown sugar at medium high speed until it resembles very loose meringue, about 3 minutes, then add melted butter. Reduce the speed, then add the flour and mix until not quite incorporated. Add the nuts and chopped chocolate; fold until well blended. Transfer the batter to the prepared pan. Bake un <END>
INPUT: sauce, beef stock, ruby port, unsalted butter, Kosher salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Beef Tenderloin with Port Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 (2-pound) beef tenderloin, trimmed and tied; 2 quarts beef stock; 1 cup ruby port; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper; 1/2 cup fresh parsley leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Place the beef and broth in a 6-quart Dutch oven, making sure the beef is totally covered by the stock, and cover with foil, leaving a small opening for steam to escape. Poke a small hole in the foil and insert an instant-read thermometer into the meat. Cook over low heat until the beef reaches 125 degrees F, 55 to 60 minutes. Transfer the beef to a cutting board and let stand 10 minutes. In a medium saucepan, bring the port to a boil and then reduce until about 1/3 cup. Remove from the heat and whisk in the butter. Season with salt and pepper. To serve, slice th <END>
INPUT: pound, cake flour, baking powder, salt, lemon verbena lemon, lemon zest
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lemon Verbena Pound Cake with Strawberries | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup cake flour (not self-rising); 1/2 teaspoon baking powder; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 3 tablespoons finely chopped fresh lemon verbena or 1 tablespoon freshly grated lemon zest; 1 tablespoon freshly grated lemon zest; 1 stick (1/2 cup) unsalted butter, softened; 1 cup granulated sugar; 3 large eggs; 3/4 teaspoon vanilla; 2 tablespoons milk; 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 1/2 cup plus 1 tablespoon confectioners' sugar; 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice; Accompaniment: strawberries | INSTRUCTIONS: Make cake: Preheat oven to 325 degrees F. and butter and flour a 1-quart kugelhopf pan, knocking out excess flour. In a bowl whisk together flour, baking powder, salt, verbena (or zest), and zest. In another bowl with an electric mixer beat butter and sugar until light and fluffy. Beat in egg, 1 at a time, beating well after each addition, and beat in vanilla. Beat in half of flour mixture. Beat in milk and lemon juice and beat in remaining flour mixture until just combined. Spoon batter into pan, smoothing top, and bake in middle of oven 45 to 55 minutes, or until golden brown on top and a te <END>
INPUT: Mexican, virgin olive oil, scallions, garlic, corn, zucchini
OUTPUT: TITLE: Corn and Zucchini Sauté | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1/2 cup chopped scallions; 1/2 teaspoon finely chopped garlic; 2 cups corn (from about 4 ears); 2 medium zucchini (1 lb total), quartered lengthwise, then cut crosswise into 1/4-inch-thick pieces; 1/4 teaspoon ground cumin; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 1/8 teaspoon black pepper; 1/2 cup chopped fresh cilantro | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat oil in a 12-inch heavy skillet over moderate heat until hot but not smoking, then cook scallions, stirring occasionally, until softened, about 3 minutes. Add garlic and cook, stirring, 1 minute. Add corn, zucchini, cumin, salt, and pepper and cook, stirring occasionally, until zucchini is tender, 4 to 6 minutes. Stir in cilantro and season with salt and pepper. Heat oil in a 12-inch heavy skillet over moderate heat until hot but not smoking, then cook scallions, stirring occasionally, until softened, about 3 minutes. Add garlic and cook, stirring, 1 minute. Add corn, zucchini, cumin, salt <END>
INPUT: cherry, Whoopie, all purpose flour, unsweetened cocoa powder, baking powder, baking soda
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cherry and Coconut Whoopie Pies | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Whoopie Pies:; 2 1/2 cups all-purpose flour; 1/4 cup unsweetened cocoa powder (not Dutch process); 1 teaspoon baking powder; 1 teaspoon baking soda; 1/2 teaspoon fine salt; One 15-ounce can red sour cherries packed in syrup; 1 cup sugar; 1 stick (8 tablespoons) unsalted butter, softened; 1 tablespoon red food coloring; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; 1 large egg; Coconut Cream:; 1 tablespoon powdered gelatin; 1 1/2 cups whipping cream | INSTRUCTIONS: For the whoopie pies: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line 2 baking trays with parchment paper. In a bowl, mix the flour, cocoa, baking powder, baking soda and salt. Set aside. Drain the cherry syrup into a liquid measuring cup (there should be about 3/4 cup) and cut the cherries in half. Set aside. In a larger bowl with an electric mixer, cream together the sugar and butter. Add the food coloring, vanilla and egg and beat until creamy. Add the dry ingredients alternating with the cherry syrup. Drop about 1 tablespoon of dough per cookie on the baking trays, spaced about 2 inches apart. Bak <END>
INPUT: white, salad, cannellini beans, good olive oil, onion, sun tomatoes oil, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: White Bean and Arugula Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 pound dried cannellini beans; 2 tablespoons plus 1/2 cup good olive oil; 1 red onion, halved lengthwise and sliced into 1/4-inch-thick half-rounds; 2 ounces sun-dried tomatoes in oil, drained and small-diced; 4 teaspoons minced garlic (4 cloves); 2 teaspoons minced fresh rosemary leaves; 1/4 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes; 2 ounces thinly sliced prosciutto, small-diced; 1 teaspoon grated lemon zest; 1/4 cup freshly squeezed lemon juice (2 lemons); Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 ounces baby arugula | INSTRUCTIONS: The night before, place the beans in a large bowl and add water to cover by 2 inches. Soak overnight in the refrigerator. The following day, drain the beans, rinse under cold water, and drain again. Heat the 2 tablespoons of olive oil in a large, heavy-bottomed pot over medium heat. Add the red onion and saute over medium-low heat for 7 to 9 minutes, until wilted. Add the beans and enough water to cover them by 3 inches. Bring to a boil and skim off any foam that rises to the surface. Reduce the heat and simmer gently for 45 minutes, until tender. Drain the beans and onions and transfer to a m <END>
INPUT: crunch, pumpkin puree, heavy cream, eggs, granulated sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pecan Pumpkin Crunch | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 tablespoons (1/2 stick) unsalted butter, at room temperature, plus more for baking dish; One 15-ounce can pumpkin puree (not pie mix); 1 cup heavy cream; 4 large eggs; 1/2 cup granulated sugar; 1/2 cup packed light brown sugar, divided; 1 tablespoon bourbon, optional; 1/2 teaspoon ground ginger; 1/4 teaspoon ground nutmeg; 1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon, divided; 1/8 teaspoon table salt; 1 1/2 cups roughly chopped pecans; 1/4 cup all-purpose flour; Bourbon Whipped Cream, recipe follows; Ice cream, optional | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Heat the oven to 350 degrees F and arrange a rack in the middle. Coat an 8 by 8-inch baking dish with butter and set aside. Combine the pumpkin, cream, eggs, sugar, 1/4 cup brown sugar, bourbon, if using, ginger, nutmeg, 1/4 teaspoon cinnamon, 1/8 teaspoon salt in a large bowl. Whisk until evenly combined and pour into the prepared baking dish. Cut the butter into small pieces and add to a medium bowl. Stir in the pecans, flour, and the remaining 1/4 cup brown sugar, 1/4 teaspoon cinnamon, and 1/8 teaspoon salt and mix until it holds together somewhat but still c <END>
INPUT: fish, virgin olive oil, bulk Italian hot, garlic, onion, baby Yukon gold
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sausage and Fish One-Pot | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil, plus more for garnish; 1/2 pound bulk Italian hot sausage; 2 large cloves garlic; 1 medium onion; 1 1/2 pounds baby red or Yukon gold potatoes, thinly sliced; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1/2 cup dry vermouth or dry white wine; 1 pint cherry tomatoes, halved; 4 haddock or cod fillets; A handful flat-leaf parsley, chopped; 1/2 lemon; Crusty bread, to pass at table | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat 1 tablespoon of extra-virgin olive oil, a turn of the pan, over medium-high heat. Heads up: use a skillet with a tight fitting lid. Add the sausage and crumble while browning, about 3 to 4 minutes. While the sausage browns, crush the garlic. Peel the onion, trim off the root end and then thinly slice. Add the garlic, onions and potatoes to the pan with the sausage and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Douse the pan with half of the vermouth or wine, cover the pan with a lid and cook 10 to 12 minutes. Remove the lid, add the tomatoes and gently stir into the potatoes. Set fillets on t <END>
INPUT: panzanella, country bread, cherry tomatoes half, olives, cucumber, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Saga Wagyu Panzanella | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 ounce dried country bread, cut into 1-inch dice; 5 cherry tomatoes sliced in half; 1 ounce black olives, sliced; 1/2 cucumber, cut into 1-inch dice; 1/2 red onion, shaved julienned; Olive oil; Rice wine vinegar; Salt and pepper to taste; Preparation:; 2 quarts kelp stock (water and dried kelp); 4 slices of Saga Wagyu, sliced 3/4 inch; salt to taste; Preparation:; (Setting bath); 2 cups water | INSTRUCTIONS: Preparation: For the salad, combine bread and vegetables. Drizzle with olive oil and vinegar to taste. Season with salt and pepper. Keep cold until ready for use. Preparation: Keep one quart kelp stock at 160 degrees F. Chill the other quart. Gently dip a slice of wagyu beef into the warm broth until cooked medium rare. Remove and place into the chilled broth. Basil Caviar: 110 grams sugar Preparation: In a blender, combine water and calcium chloride and blend for 20 seconds. Reserve in a bowl. In a sauce pot, combine sugar and water, bring to a boil. Remove from hear and add basil. Puree for  <END>
INPUT: rings pineapple, vanilla sugar, butter, pepper, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Broiled Pineapple Rings | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 8 rings fresh pineapple; 4 tablespoons vanilla sugar, recipe follows; 4 tablespoon butter; Freshly ground pepper; 1 cup sugar; 1 vanilla bean | INSTRUCTIONS: Lay rings on sheet tray lined with foil. Top the fruit with a sprinkling of vanilla sugar and a small butter dollop. Broil until sugar melts and top with freshly ground pepper.; In food processor, grind vanilla bean with sugar until finely ground.; <END>
INPUT: vegetables, olive oil, bell pepper, onion, zucchini
OUTPUT: TITLE: Vegetables Glazed with Balsamic Vinegar | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1 red bell pepper, cut into 1/4-inch-wide strips; 1 yellow bell pepper, cut into 1/4-inch-wide strips; 1 small onion, thinly sliced; 2 zucchini, trimmed, cut crosswise into 1/2-inch-thick rounds; 2 yellow summer squash, trimmed, cut crosswise into 1/2-inch-thick rounds; 2 tablespoons balsamic vinegar | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat oil in heavy large nonstick skillet over medium-high heat. Add peppers and onion. Sauté until beginning to soften, about 4 minutes. Add zucchini and yellow squash and sauté until tender, about 8 minutes. Add vinegar to skillet and boil until liquid is reduced to glaze and coats vegetables, about 2 minutes. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Transfer to platter and serve. Heat oil in heavy large nonstick skillet over medium-high heat. Add peppers and onion. Sauté until beginning to soften, about 4 minutes. Add zucchini and yellow squash and sauté until tender, about 8 minutes. Add vineg <END>
INPUT: Brussels sprouts, pancetta, good olive oil, Kosher salt pepper, syrupy balsamic vinegar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Balsamic-Roasted Brussels Sprouts | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 pounds Brussels sprouts, trimmed and cut in half through the core; 4 ounces pancetta, 1/4-inch-diced; 1/4 cup good olive oil; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 tablespoon syrupy balsamic vinegar | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the oven to 400 degrees. Place the Brussels sprouts on a sheet pan, including some of the loose leaves, which get crispy when they're roasted. Add the pancetta, olive oil, 1 1/2 teaspoons salt, and 1/2 teaspoon pepper, toss with your hands, and spread out in a single layer. Roast the Brussels sprouts for 20 to 30 minutes, until they're tender and nicely browned and the pancetta is cooked. Toss once during roasting. Remove from the oven, drizzle immediately with the balsamic vinegar, and toss again. Taste for seasonings, and serve hot. <END>
INPUT: meatballs, zucchini, smoked scamorza, Pecorino cheese, mint leaves, eggs
OUTPUT: TITLE: Zucchini Meatballs | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 large zucchini, chopped; 1 cup/250 ml smoked scamorza, cubed, or as much as you need; 1 cup/250 ml Pecorino cheese, cubed; Small bunch fresh mint leaves, finely chopped; 2 eggs; 1 cup/250 ml bread crumbs, plus extra for coating; 1 1/2 cups/375 ml extra-virgin olive oil, for frying; 20 cherry tomatoes, halved; 4 fresh basil leaves, torn; Salt; 1/4 cup/50 ml extra-virgin olive oil | INSTRUCTIONS: For the meatballs: Add the chopped zucchini to salted boiling water for 4 minutes. Drain the excess water from the zucchini. Transfer the zucchini to a baking dish and allow to cool. Squeeze out the excess water from the boiled zucchini. In a mixing bowl, add the zucchini, scamorza cheese, Pecorino cheese, fresh mint leaves, eggs, and bread crumbs. Mix well until the ingredients are evenly distributed. With your hands, shape the meatballs into the size of golf balls. Coat the meatballs in the bread crumbs. Heat olive oil in a deep frying pan. Gently place the meatballs into the hot oil and let <END>
INPUT: tart, Coarse salt pepper, eggs, garlic, Flour
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spinach Tart | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Coarse salt and freshly ground pepper; 2 cups (8 ounces) freshly grated Parmigiano-Reggiano; 4 large eggs; 2 heads garlic; Flour, for rolling; 1/2 recipe Pate Brisee, recipe follows; 2 (1-pound) bunches spinach, stemmed and washed; 1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil; 5 ounces thinly sliced pancetta, minced; 3 medium yellow onions, finely chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat oven to 350 degrees F. Place garlic in ovenproof dish and bake until soft, 40 to 45 minutes. When cool enough to handle cut 1/2-inch off the top and squeeze out pulp. Set aside. On a lightly floured surface, roll out pastry to a thickness of 1/8-inch. Place pastry in an 11-inch tart pan; press to fit into bottom and up the sides of pan. Trim excess pastry by rolling the rolling pin across the top. Refrigerate for 1 hour. Line pastry with parchment paper, pressing into the edges, and fill with pie weights, beans, or rice. Place on baking sheet and bake for 20 to 25 minutes. Heat 2 tablespo <END>
INPUT: cincinnati, virgin olive oil, onions, garlic, lamb, unsweetened cocoa powder
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cincinnati Chili | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, divided; 3 cups chopped onions; 6 garlic cloves, finely chopped; 3 pounds ground lamb; 2 tablespoons unsweetened cocoa powder; 1 1/2 teaspoons ground allspice; 1 1/2 teaspoons ground cinnamon; 1 1/2 teaspoons cayenne pepper; 1/4 teaspoon ground cloves; 4 2/3 cups (about) low-salt beef broth, divided; 1/3 cup tomato paste; 3 tablespoons apple cider vinegar; 1 1/2 tablespoons chili powder; 1 tablespoon dried oregano; 1 tablespoon (packed) brown sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat 2 tablespoons oil in large deep skillet over medium heat. Add onions; sauté until tender, about 10 minutes. Add garlic; stir 1 minute. Add lamb; cook until browned, breaking into pieces, about 15 minutes. Add cocoa and next 4 ingredients; stir 3 minutes. Stir in 4 cups broth and next 6 ingredients. Bring to boil; reduce heat to medium-low. Simmer uncovered until thickened, stirring often, about 1 hour. Spoon fat from top of chili. Season with salt and pepper. Thin with broth by 1/3 cupfuls. Stir in 2 tablespoons parsley. Meanwhile, cook spaghetti in pot of boiling salted water until tende <END>
INPUT: streusel, unsalted butter, wine, all purpose flour, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Streusel-Roasted Plums with Vanilla Ice Cream | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 5 tablespoons chilled unsalted butter, divided; 5 tablespoons (packed) golden brown sugar, divided; 2 tablespoons dry red wine; 1/4 cup all purpose flour; 3 tablespoons sugar; Pinch of salt; 1/4 cup coarsely chopped toasted hazelnuts; 6 large firm plums, halved, pitted; Vanilla ice cream | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 400°F. Melt 2 tablespoons butter in large ovenproof skillet over medium heat. Add 2 tablespoons brown sugar and wine. Bring just to boil, stirring until sugar dissolves and syrup is smooth; remove skillet from heat. Whisk remaining 3 tablespoons brown sugar, flour, 3 tablespoons sugar, and salt in medium bowl to blend. Add remaining 3 tablespoons butter. Cut in with back of fork until streusel begins to hold together. Mix in nuts. Cut very thin slice off rounded side of each plum half (to create flat surface). Lightly press 1 tablespoon streusel onto cut side of each plum half. <END>
INPUT: involtini, olive oil, unsalted butter, carrots, onion, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Involtini of Beef | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup olive oil; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1 1/2 cups finely chopped peeled carrots (about 3); 1 cup finely chopped onion; 2 cloves garlic, minced; 1/3 cup freshly grated Parmesan; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 8 (3 to 4-ounces each) beef scaloppini (from London Broil or Top Sirloin); All-purpose flour, for dredging; 1/2 cup dry white wine; 1 bay leaf; 1 (14 1/2-ounce) can diced tomatoes; 1/4 cup frozen peas; 1-ounce thinly sliced prosciutto, coarsely chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat 1 tablespoon of oil and 1 tablespoon butter in a heavy large skillet over medium-high heat. Add the carrot, onion, and garlic and saute until the carrots are tender, about 10 minutes. Season with salt and pepper. Remove from the heat and cool slightly. Stir in the Parmesan. Season beef with salt and pepper. Using 2 tablespoons for each, divide the carrot mixture among the beef slices. Roll up the beef slices to enclose the filling, tucking in the ends. Secure the rolls with toothpicks. Heat the remaining oil and the remaining tablespoon of butter in the same large frying pan over medium-h <END>
INPUT: chunk bacon, unsalted butter, frying chicken, salt, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken in Red Wine with Onions, Mushrooms and Bacon: Coq Au Vin | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 to 4-ounce chunk lean bacon; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 2 1/2 to 3 pounds frying chicken, cut into pieces; 1/2 teaspoon salt, plus additional for seasoning; 1/8 teaspoon pepper, plus additional for seasoning; 1/4 cup cognac; 3 cups young, full-bodied red wine, such as Burgundy, Beaujolais, Cotes du Rhone, or Chianti; 1 to 2 cups brown chicken stock, brown stock or canned beef bouillon; 1/2 tablespoon tomato paste; 2 cloves mashed garlic; 1/4 teaspoon thyme leaves; 1 bay leaf; 12 to 24 Brown-Braised Onions, recipe follows; 1/2 pound Sauteed Mushrooms, recipe follows; 3 tablespoons all-purpose flour | INSTRUCTIONS: Remove the rind and cut the bacon into lardons (rectangles 1/4-inch across and 1-inch long). Simmer for 10 minutes in 2 quarts of water. Rinse in cold water. Dry. In a heavy large heavy bottomed casserole or Dutch oven, saute the bacon slowly in hot butter until it is very lightly browned (temperature of 260 degrees F for an electric skillet). Remove to a side dish. Dry the chicken thoroughly. Brown it in the hot fat in the casserole. (360 degrees F for the electric skillet.) Season the chicken with salt and pepper. Return the bacon to the casserole with the chicken. Cover and cook slowly (300 <END>
INPUT: Italian, salad, wine vinegar, Kosher salt pepper, virgin olive oil, corn, orange grape tomatoes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fresh Corn Tomato Salad | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons white wine vinegar; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 6 ears fresh corn; 2 cups red or orange grape tomatoes, halved; 8 ounces fresh mozzarella, cut into small cubes; 1 bunch scallions (white and green), thinly sliced; 1 1/2 cups fresh basil leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Whisk together the vinegar, 2 teaspoons salt and some pepper in a small bowl. Gradually whisk in the oil, starting with a few drops and then adding the rest in a steady stream, to make a smooth dressing. Shear off the corn kernels with a sharp knife over a bowl (you should have about 4 cups). Toss in the tomatoes, mozzarella and scallions. Pour the vinaigrette over the salad and toss to coat. Cover and let stand for at least 15 minutes and up to 2 hours. Before serving, tear the basil over the salad and stir. <END>
INPUT: five, herb, olive oil, sage, parsley, tarragon, rosemary
OUTPUT: TITLE: Five Herb Marinated Chicken with Roasted Garlic -Fava Bean Sauce with Celeriac and Potato Puree | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup olive oil; 2 tablespoons coarsely chopped fresh sage; 2 tablespoons coarsely chopped fresh parsley; 2 tablespoons coarsely chopped tarragon; 2 tablespoons chopped rosemary; 2 tablespoons chopped thyme; 6 cloves garlic, coarsely chopped; 2 whole chickens (2 1/2 to 3 pounds each), butterflied; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 8 cups home-made chicken stock; 1 head garlic, roasted, cloves squeezed in a bowl; 2 tablespoons cold butter, cut into tablespoons; 1 tablespoon freshly squeezed lemon juice; Salt and freshly ground pepper; 1/2 cup cooked fava beans | INSTRUCTIONS: Whisk together the olive oil, herbs and garlic in a large shallow baking dish. Add the chicken and turn to coat. Cover and let marinate at least 4 hours or overnight. Preheat oven to 400 degrees. Heat a large saute pan or grill pan over high heat until just smoking. Remove chicken from marinade and season with salt and pepper to taste. Sear each chicken on both sides, and place on a sheet pan. Place in oven and bake for 15 to 20 minutes, until cooked through. Place stock and roasted garlic in a medium saucepan and reduce to 3 cups. Strain into a clean saucepan and bring to a simmer. Whisk in t <END>
INPUT: warm, vinaigrette, escarole, Medjool dates, walnut, bacon, walnut oil virgin
OUTPUT: TITLE: Escarole with Bacon, Dates, and Warm Walnut Vinaigrette | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 7- to 8-ounce head of escarole, coarsely torn; 6 Medjool dates, halved, pitted, diced; 1/2 cup walnut pieces, toasted; 5 bacon slices, cut crosswise into strips; 1/3 cup walnut oil or extra-virgin olive oil; 1 large shallot, chopped; 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar; Fine sea salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine escarole, dates, and walnuts in large bowl. Cook bacon in medium skillet over medium-high heat until brown and crisp. Using slotted spoon, transfer bacon to paper towels to drain. Add bacon to bowl with salad. Discard drippings from skillet; add walnut oil. Place over low heat. Add shallot; sauté until soft, about 3 minutes. Remove skillet from heat; add vinegar and whisk to blend. Season vinaigrette with sea salt and black pepper. Gradually add warm dressing to salad, tossing to coat. Divide among plates. Combine escarole, dates, and walnuts in large bowl. Cook bacon in medium skillet <END>
INPUT: lollipops, bittersweet chocolate, chocolate, milk chocolate
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate Lollipops | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 16 ounces bittersweet chocolate, tempered; 16 ounces white chocolate, tempered; 16 ounces milk chocolate, tempered | INSTRUCTIONS: The mold shapes used were bats, witches, gravestones, ghosts and skulls. You can use any molds to make chocolate lollipops. To make the lollipop: Pour any of the tempered chocolates directly into the molds, filling them to the top. Tap the molds against the work surface to release the air bubbles. Set the sticks in place by inserting them just far enough to be secure within the mold you are using. Set the molds aside to allow the chocolate to set. When set, simply pop out the lollipops. If you do not have any lollipop molds, you can use Play-Doh modeling clay to make your own molds. Roll fresh <END>
INPUT: bundt, cakes, all purpose flour, baking soda, salt, hot water
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chai-Spiced Honey Bundt Cakes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 1/2 cups all purpose flour; 1 1/2 cups (packed) golden brown sugar; 2 teaspoons baking soda; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1 3/4 cups hot water; 1 cup instant chai tea powder*; 1/2 cup honey; 1/2 cup (1 stick) unsalted butter, melted; 1/2 cup buttermilk, room temperature; 2 large eggs; 1 large egg yolk; Vanilla ice cream; Spiced Syrup | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350°F. Butter and flour 2 nonstick mini Bundt pans (6 cakes per pan). Sift flour, sugar, baking soda, and salt into large bowl. Whisk 13/4 cups hot water and chai tea powder in another large bowl to blend. Whisk honey, melted butter, buttermilk, eggs, and egg yolk into chai mixture to blend. Stir chai mixture into flour mixture until just blended. Divide batter among prepared Bundt pans (about 1/2 cup per pan). Bake cakes until toothpick inserted near center comes out clean, about 25 minutes. Invert immediately onto rack. Cool 10 minutes. Serve warm with scoop of vanilla ice cr <END>
INPUT: meringues, almond flour, powdered sugar, coconut flakes, flour, egg whites
OUTPUT: TITLE: Coconut Almond Meringues | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup almond flour; 1/2 cup powdered sugar; 1/4 cup coconut flakes; 2 tablespoons flour; 4 egg whites; 3 tablespoons sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. In a mixing bowl, combine almond flour, powdered sugar, coconut flakes, and flour. In another mixing bowl, whip the egg whites to soft peaks and add the sugar. Whip to medium peaks. Gently fold in the dry ingredients. Spoon the mixture into a pastry bag set with plain tip. Pipe into rings on a parchment-lined baking sheet, and bake until golden brown, about 15 minutes. <END>
INPUT: herbs, Roma tomatoes, olive oil, garlic, kosher salt, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Tomatoes with Garlic, Gorgonzola and Herbs | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 12 Roma tomatoes, sliced in 1/2 lengthwise; 1/4 cup olive oil; 2 cloves garlic, minced; 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt; 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 3/4 cup plain bread crumbs; 3/4 cup finely crumbled Gorgonzola or grated Parmesan cheese; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh flat-leaf parsley | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Using a teaspoon or grapefruit spoon, remove the seeds from the tomatoes. Place the tomato halves, cut side down, on paper towels to drain, about 5 minutes. In a large bowl, mix together 2 tablespoons of the olive oil, garlic, salt, and pepper. Using clean hands, gently toss the drained tomato halves in the oil mixture until coated. Marinate the tomatoes for 10 minutes. In a small bowl mix together the bread crumbs and Gorgonzola cheese. Place the marinated tomato halves, cut side up, on a parchment paper-lined baking sheet. Fill each tomato half with the bre <END>
INPUT: Italian, cream, strawberries, unfiltered, reduced fat ricotta, lemon zest, maple syrup
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fresh Berries with Ricotta Cream | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup strawberries; 1/4 cup unfiltered, unsweetened apple juice; 2 cups reduced-fat ricotta (1 gram fat per ounce); 2 teaspoons finely grated lemon zest; 1/4 cup maple syrup; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; 1 teaspoon cinnamon; 1 cup sliced fresh strawberries; 4 small mint sprigs; 4 edible flowers, such as pansies or nasturtiums (optional) | INSTRUCTIONS: Purée strawberries with apple juice in a blender until smooth. Spoon equal amounts of berry sauce into 4 cocktail or parfait glasses. Combine ricotta cream ingredients in a blender or food processor. Process until mixture is smooth, about 30 seconds. Spoon 1/4 of the ricotta cream into each glass and top with 1/4 cup strawberry slices. Refrigerate until ready to serve. Garnish each with a mint sprig and an edible flower, if desired, before serving. Purée strawberries with apple juice in a blender until smooth. Spoon equal amounts of berry sauce into 4 cocktail or parfait glasses. Combine ricot <END>
INPUT: virgin olive oil, leeks, kale, nutmeg, Kosher salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Creamy Kale and Eggs | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil; 2 tablespoons chopped leeks, white and pale green parts only (about 1/2 small); 1 bunch kale, stems removed and cut crosswise into thin ribbons; Pinch freshly grated nutmeg; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1/4 cup 2-percent Greek yogurt; 4 large eggs; 2 tablespoons grated Parmesan; 4 slices crusty bread, toasted | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Heat the olive oil in a medium nonstick skillet over medium heat. Add the leeks, reduce the heat to low, and cook until softened but not brown, about 8 minutes. Stir the kale into the leeks and cook until just wilted, about 2 minutes. Season the mixture with the nutmeg and some salt and pepper. Stir in the yogurt until combined. Make four indentations in the kale and carefully crack an egg into each. Sprinkle a little salt and pepper over each egg. Cover the pan and cook the eggs until the whites are completely set and the eggs are cooked desired doneness, 2 to 3 <END>
INPUT: Asian, Four tuna steaks, Salt pepper, honey mustard, sesame seeds regular
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Tuna Steaks with Black Sesame Seeds | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: Cooking spray; Four 5-ounce tuna steaks; Salt and coarsely ground black pepper; 1/4 cup honey mustard; 2 tablespoons black sesame seeds or regular sesame seeds | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Coat a stove-top grill pan, griddle or skillet with cooking spray and preheat to medium-high. Season tuna steaks all over with salt and black pepper. Brush honey mustard all over both sides of tuna steaks. Press sesame seeds into both sides of tuna steaks. Grill 3 to 4 minutes per side, until medium (longer for fully cooked, fork-tender fish). <END>
INPUT: napoleon, ahi tuna, scallions, chili oil, sesame oil, sesame seeds
OUTPUT: TITLE: Ahi Tuna Napoleon | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 ounces ahi tuna, cut into small dice; 1/4 cup chopped scallions; 3 tablespoons chili oil; 1 tablespoon sesame oil; 1 tablespoon black sesame seeds; 1 tablespoon toasted white sesame seeds; 1 pinch smoked Spanish paprika; Salt; 4 ounces unsalted butter, melted; 3 sheets filo dough; 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard; 1/4 cup shaved red onions; 5 to 7 sprigs fresh cilantro, torn | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Place the tuna in a nonreactive bowl with the scallions, 1 teaspoon of the chili oil, the sesame oil, 1/2 teaspoon of the black sesame seeds and 1/2 teaspoon of the white sesame seeds. Sprinkle over the smoked paprika and season with salt. Mix together, and then refrigerate. Slowly brown the melted butter in a pan over low heat. Brush some onto a single layer of filo, and then fold in half. Brush another layer with butter, fold in half, and place on top. Repeat with the third layer. Cut the filo stack in half on a bias, and then bake on a baking sheet until c <END>
INPUT: filled, cookies, hazelnuts, confectioners' sugar, unsalted butter, lemon zest, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate-Filled Hazelnut Cookies | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 cup hazelnuts, toasted, skins removed; 1 cup confectioners' sugar; 1 stick plus 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, softened; 1/4 teaspoon finely grated lemon zest; 1/8 teaspoon salt; 1 cup cake flour; 1 level tablespoon cocoa powder; 3 ounces bittersweet chocolate, chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Line 2 baking sheets with parchment paper. Grind the nuts with confectioners' sugar until powdery (do not make into a paste). Blend together the butter, lemon zest, salt, and nut mixture in a large bowl with a spatula or spoon until creamy. Add the flour and cocoa powder, stirring until incorporated. Do not overwork the dough. Roll level 1/2 teaspoons of dough into tiny balls and arrange 1-inch apart on the prepared baking sheets. Bake 1 sheet at a time until lightly crisped, about 12 minutes. Slide the parchment paper with the baked cookies onto a rack to cool.  <END>
INPUT: caramel, treats, sugar, Water cover, crispy rice, orange rind from
OUTPUT: TITLE: Caramel Orange Crispy Rice Treats | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup sugar; Water to cover; 3 1/2 cups crispy rice; Grated orange rind from 1 orange | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Place sugar in a saucepan and add enough water to cover. Cook until golden amber in color. Stir in the crispy rice and grated orange rind. Pour into greased 8 by 8-inch pan and press lightly to pack down. Cool and cut into bars and serve. <END>
INPUT: American, coated, block cream cheese, sharp Cheddar, Worcestershire sauce, Zest lemon, cayenne
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pistachio-Coated Cheese Log | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: One 8-ounce block cream cheese, at room temperature; 3/4 cup grated sharp Cheddar; 3/4 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce; Zest of 1/2 lemon, finely grated; Pinch of cayenne; Freshly ground black pepper; 1/2 cup roasted salted pistachios, finely chopped; Crackers or sliced bread, for serving | INSTRUCTIONS: Mix the cream cheese, Cheddar, Worcestershire, lemon zest, cayenne and a few grinds of pepper together in a medium bowl until thoroughly combined. Lay a large piece of plastic wrap on a work surface and put the cheese mixture on top. Use the plastic wrap to form it into a 6-inch log. Refrigerate until firm, about 1 hour. Put the pistachios on a large plate. Unwrap the cheese log and roll it in the pistachios until it is fully coated. Serve immediately or rewrap in clean plastic and refrigerate up to 1 day. <END>
INPUT: stock, unsalted butter, mixed bones fleshed, onion, parsley stems, lemon juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: White Fish Stock | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, softened; 1 lb mixed bones and heads of white-fleshed fish (such as Pacific cod, porgy, striped bass, turbot, or any combination of these), gills removed and bo; 1 small onion, sliced (1 cup); 12 fresh parsley stems (reserve leaves for another use); 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/2 cup dry white wine; 3 1/2 cups cold water | INSTRUCTIONS: Spread butter over bottom of a 2- to 3-quart heavy saucepan, then add fish bones and heads, onion, parsley stems, lemon juice, and salt. Steam mixture, covered, over moderately high heat, 5 minutes. Add wine and water and bring to a boil. Skim froth, then reduce heat to moderate and simmer, uncovered, 25 minutes. Pour stock through a fine-mesh sieve into a large bowl, pressing hard on solids and then discarding them. Spread butter over bottom of a 2- to 3-quart heavy saucepan, then add fish bones and heads, onion, parsley stems, lemon juice, and salt. Steam mixture, covered, over moderately hi <END>
INPUT: cupcakes, swirled, soft caramel candies, heavy cream, all purpose flour, baking powder, fine sea salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Stuffed Peanut Butter Cupcakes with Swirled Peanut Butter Frosting | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 25 soft caramel candies, such as Kraft Classic Caramels, unwrapped; 1/4 cup heavy cream; 1 cup all-purpose flour; 1/2 teaspoon baking powder; 1/2 teaspoon fine sea salt; 1 1/4 cups granulated sugar; 3/4 cup (1 1/2 sticks) unsalted butter, at room temperature; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; 3 eggs, at room temperature; 1/2 cup creamy peanut butter; 1/2 cup (1 stick) unsalted butter, at room temperature; 4 cups powdered sugar; 1/4 cup whole milk, at room temperature | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Place an oven rack in the center of the oven. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line a 12 cup muffin tin with paper liners. Set aside. For the filling: In a small, heavy saucepan, combine the caramel candies and heavy cream over low heat. Cook, stirring occasionally, until the candies have melted and the mixture is smooth, about 10 minutes. Set aside to cool slightly. For the cupcakes: In a medium bowl, whisk together the flour, baking powder and salt. In a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, beat the granulated sugar and butter on high speed until li <END>
INPUT: Mexican, confit, baby carrots tops, orange juice, cumin
OUTPUT: TITLE: Baby Carrot Confit with Orange Juice and Cumin | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 4 bunches baby carrots with green tops attached, tops trimmed to 1 1/2 inches, carrots peeled (about 24); 1 1/4 cups fresh orange juice; 1 teaspoon ground cumin; 2 tablespoons (1/4 stick) butter | INSTRUCTIONS: Place carrots in pot large enough to hold carrots in double layer. Pour orange juice over; add cumin. Sprinkle with salt and freshly ground black pepper. Bring to boil. Reduce heat to medium, cover, and simmer until carrots are just tender, about 10 minutes. Transfer carrots to plate. Boil liquid in pot until slightly reduced and syrupy, about 2 minutes. Stir in butter. Return carrots to pot and simmer just until heated through, about 2 minutes. Season carrots to taste with salt and pepper. Place carrots in pot large enough to hold carrots in double layer. Pour orange juice over; add cumin. Sp <END>
INPUT: French, bites, mini phyllo shells, unsalted butter, shallot, garlic, mixed oyster mushrooms
OUTPUT: TITLE: Brie and Merlot Mushrooms Bites | CUISINE: French | INGREDIENTS: 1 package mini phyllo shells (recommended: Athens Brand); 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1 shallot, finely diced; 2 cloves garlic, finely diced; 4 ounces mixed oyster mushrooms, sliced; 4 ounces shiitake mushrooms, stems removed and sliced; Salt and fresh ground black pepper; 1/2 cup Merlot (recommended: BV Coastal Merlot); 2 teaspoons chopped fresh thyme leaves; 1/4 pound Brie; 4 chives, sliced for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Bake the shells according to the package directions. Let cool while you make the filling. Heat a skillet over medium heat and add the butter. When the butter is melted, add the shallots and garlic, and cook until soft, about 5 minutes. Add the mushrooms and season with salt and pepper, to taste. When the mushrooms have released their liquid, add the wine and thyme and cook until most of the liquid has evaporated, about 5 minutes. Cut the Brie into 15 small pieces. Divide the mushroom mixture among the phyllo shells. Top each wit <END>
INPUT: cones, filled, two packages peas, unsalted butter, lemon zest, lemon juice, mint leaves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Zucchini Cones Filled with Lemon Mint Pea Purée | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: two 10-ounce packages frozen peas, thawed; 1 1/2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 2 teaspoons freshly grated lemon zest; 1 1/2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 2 teaspoons finely chopped fresh mint leaves; 3 to 4 small zucchini (each about 7 inches long); Garnish: 64 small fresh mint leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large heavy skillet cook peas in butter with salt and pepper to taste over moderate heat, stirring occasionally, 3 minutes. In a food processor puree peas with zest until smooth and cool. Stir in lemon juice. Purée may be made 2 days ahead and chilled, covered. Bring purée to room temperature before proceeding. Stir in mint and season with salt and pepper. Halve zucchini crosswise and trim so that each half is 3 1/4 inches long. With a mandoline or other manual slicer cut zucchini pieces lengthwise into 1/8-inch-thick slices. Transfer puree to a pastry bag fitted with a 1/4-inch plain tip <END>
INPUT: American, barbecue, pork loin chops, salt pepper, vegetable oil, onion, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Pork Chops with Classic Barbecue Sauce | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 4 pork loin chops (about 1/2 pound/2.50g each), cut 1 inch/2.5 cm thick; salt and pepper; 2 tablespoons vegetable oil; 1 onion, finely chopped; 1 garlic clove, finely chopped; 1 lemon; 1/2 cup/100 g brown sugar; 1/4 cup/60 ml vinegar; 1/2 cup/125 ml tomato ketchup; 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce; 1/2 teaspoon Tabasco sauce, or to taste; 1/4 teaspoon chili powder, or to taste | INSTRUCTIONS: Make the barbecue sause: heat the oil in a frying pan and sauté the onion and garlic until soft and lightly browned, 4-5 minutes. Grate the zest from the lemon and squeeze the juice. Add the lemon zest, half the lemon juice, the sugar, vinegar, ketchup, Worcestershire sauce, Tabasco sauce and chili powder to the onion and simmer gently, 5 minutes. Taste, adjust the seasoning and let cool. Light the grill. Season the pork chops with salt and pepper and brush with the cooled barbecue sauce. Grill them, basting often, 5-7 minutes. Turn over and continue grilling and basting until the chops are do <END>
INPUT: zucchini, cinnamon, egg, egg whites
OUTPUT: TITLE: Super Moist Chocolate Cake with Chocolate-Cinnamon Topping | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 large zucchini, finely grated (about 2 cups); 1 (1-pound and 2.25-ounce) package chocolate fudge cake mix (recommended: Betty Crocker Super Moist; 2 teaspoons ground cinnamon; 1 large egg; 2 large egg whites; 3/4 cup plain nonfat yogurt; 3/4 cup applesauce; 1 (12-ounce) package soft silken tofu; 1 (3.9-ounce) package instant chocolate fudge pudding (recommended: Jell-O); 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1 (8-ounce) package whipped topping (recommended: Cool Whip Lite); Garnish: Chocolate sauce, confectioner's sugar, cocoa powder | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Lightly coat with cooking spray the bottom only of a 9 by 13 inch glass cake pan. FOR CAKE: Set grated zucchini in a mesh strainer over a bowl and lightly press with a spatula to release water. In a large mixing bowl, combine the cake mix, cinnamon, eggs, egg whites, nonfat yogurt, and applesauce. Beat on low speed with an electric mixer for 2 minutes, scraping the sides of the bowl often. Fold in drained grated zucchini. Pour into prepared cake pan. Bake for 45 to 50 minutes or until toothpick inserted into the center of the cake comes out clean. Cool completely <END>
INPUT: American, sweet potatoes, plain yogurt, cinnamon, nutmeg
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sweet Potato Pie | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound 3 ounces sweet potatoes, peeled and cubed; 1 1/4 cups plain yogurt; 3/4 cup packed, dark brown sugar; 1/2 teaspoon of cinnamon; 1/4 teaspoon of nutmeg; 5 egg yolks; Salt; 1 (9-inch) deep dish, frozen pie shell; 1 cup chopped pecans, toasted; 1 tablespoon maple syrup; Special equipment: steamer basket | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Put cubed potatoes into steamer basket and place steamer basket into a large pot of simmering water that is no closer than 2 inches from the bottom of basket. Allow to steam for 20 minutes or until the potatoes are fork tender. Mash with potato masher and set aside. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Place sweet potatoes in the bowl of a stand mixer and beat with the paddle attachment. Add yogurt, brown sugar, cinnamon, nutmeg, yolks, and salt, to taste, and beat until well combined. Pour this batter into the pie shell and place onto a sheet pan. Sprinkle pecans  <END>
INPUT: soft, peppers, olive oil, onion, garlic, chicken stock, water
OUTPUT: TITLE: Soft Polenta with Roasted Red Peppers | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1 medium onion, finely chopped; 3 cloves garlic, finely chopped; 4 1/2 cups chicken stock, preferably homemade; 1 1/2 cups water; 1 1/2 teaspoons coarse sea salt; 1 1/2 cups polenta or coarsely ground yellow corn meal; 4 tablespoons unsalted butter; 2 teaspoons finely chopped fresh thyme leaves, or scant 1 teaspoon dried thyme, crumbled; 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 1/2 cup grated Spanish Manchego cheese; 1 red bell pepper, roasted (see Note), and cut into 1/2 inch dice; 1/2 small bunch cilantro, leaves only, finely chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large heavy saucepan, heat the olive oil over medium heat. Add the onions and saute, stirring occasionally, for 5 to 6 minutes, or until softened. Add the garlic and cook for 2 minutes more, until its aroma is released. Add the chicken stock, water, and salt to the pan and increase the heat to medium high. When the liquid is simmering, gradually sprinkle the polenta over in a very slow, thin stream, whisking constantly in the same direction until all the grains are incorporated and no lumps remain. Reduce the heat to very low. Switch to a wooden paddle and stir thoroughly every few minute <END>
INPUT: Indian, gravy, chutney, butter, sugar, lemon juice, balsamic vinegar, rhubarb
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sauteed Pork Chops with Sherry-Berry Pan Gravy, Rhubarb Chutney | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 6 tablespoons butter, divided; 3 tablespoons sugar; 1 tablespoon lemon juice, a wedge; 1/4 cup balsamic vinegar; 2 to 3 stalks rhubarb, trimmed and chopped, about 1/2 pound yield; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, 2 turns of the pan; Handful golden raisins; 4 (8-ounce) boneless, center cut pork loin chops; Salt and pepper; 1 tablespoon all-purpose flour; 1/4 cup sherry; 1/2 cup chicken or beef stock; 2 tablespoons strawberry, blackberry or raspberry all-fruit preserves (recommended: Polaner) | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. In a medium skillet over medium heat melt 2 tablespoons of butter. Add sugar, lemon juice, vinegar and bring to a bubble. Add rhubarb and raisins and cook 10 to 12 minutes until rhubarb is tender. Turn off the heat and set aside until the pork chops are done. Place a nonstick skillet over medium-high heat with extra-virgin olive oil, 2 turns of the pan. When the oil smokes or ripples, add chops, season with salt and pepper and cook 6 minutes on each side. Remove the chops and keep warm under foil tent while the meat rests. Add remaining butter to pan, when it mel <END>
INPUT: cupcakes, granulated sugar, baking soda, salt, tangerine juice, canola oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lavender Tangerine Dream Cupcakes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 cup granulated sugar; 1 teaspoon baking soda; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 3/4 cup tangerine juice; 1/3 cup canola oil; 1 tablespoon white vinegar; 1 tablespoon orange extract; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; 1 1/2 cups all-purpose flour; 1 1/2 tablespoon poppy seeds; 3 cups powdered sugar; 1/2 cup vegetable shortening, such as Organic Spectrum; 1/2 tablespoon lavender extract; Pinch salt; 3 tangerines, peeled and slices separated, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: For the cake: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F 15. Line a cupcake pan with 12 regular-size cupcake liners or 24 mini cupcake liners. For the cake: Mix the flour, granulated sugar, baking soda and salt in a medium bowl. Combine the tangerine juice, canola oil, vinegar, orange extract and vanilla extract in a 5-quart mixer with a paddle attachment on first speed. Add the dry ingredients. Add the poppy seeds. Once all the dry ingredients are incorporated, turn the mixer up to second speed and mix well. Turn the mixer off. Fill the cupcake liners half full with batter. Bake until baked through, a <END>
INPUT: triple, decker, pretzels, bittersweet semisweet chocolate, sugar, egg
OUTPUT: TITLE: Triple-Decker Peanut Butter and Pretzel Fudge | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 25 thick-cut pretzels, sourdough-style (each about 3 inches by 2 1/2 inches); 3 ounces bittersweet or semisweet chocolate, finely chopped; 1/2 (4 tablespoons) stick unsalted butter; 2 tablespoons sugar; 1 large egg, beaten; Two 14-ounce cans sweetened condensed milk; 4 cups peanut butter chips; Pinch fine salt; 6 ounces bittersweet or semisweet chocolate, finely chopped; 3 tablespoons heavy cream | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. For the crust: Line a 9-by-9-inch baking pan or casserole with aluminum foil, with long flaps hanging over each edge. 2. Pulse 15 of the pretzels in a food processor until you have fine crumbs. (You should have 1 cup.) Crush the remaining 10 pretzels into large chunks by hand and set aside for topping the fudge. 3. Put the chocolate and butter in a medium heatproof bowl. Bring a saucepan filled with an inch or so of water to a very slow simmer over medium to medium-low heat. Set the bowl over the saucepan but not touching the water. Stir occasionally until the chocolate and butter melt, abo <END>
INPUT: yellow, layer, vegetable oil, cake flour, baking powder, baking soda, kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Yellow Layer Cake with Chocolate-Sour Cream Frosting | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Nonstick vegetable oil spray; 4 cups cake flour; 2 teaspoons baking powder; 1 1/2 teaspoons baking soda; 1 1/2 teaspoons kosher salt; 1 1/2 cups buttermilk; 1/2 cup vegetable oil; 2 teaspoons vanilla extract; 2 cups sugar; 1 cup (2 sticks) unsalted butter, room temperature; 1/2 cup (packed) light brown sugar; 1 vanilla bean, split lengthwise; 6 large egg yolks; 3 large eggs; 14 ounces semisweet or bittersweet chocolate, chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: For cake: Arrange racks in upper and lower thirds of oven; preheat to 350°F. Coat cake pans with nonstick spray. Line bottom of pans with parchment-paper rounds; coat paper. Whisk flour, baking powder, baking soda, and salt in a large bowl until no lumps remain. Combine buttermilk, oil, and vanilla in a medium bowl. Combine sugar, butter, and brown sugar in another large bowl. Scrape in seeds from vanilla bean. Using an electric mixer, beat butter mixture until light and fluffy, 3-4 minutes. Add yolks and eggs one at a time, beating to blend between additions and occasionally scraping down sid <END>
INPUT: American, frase, garlic, pecans, pimientos, sharp Cheddar, olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pimiento Cheese Frase | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 3 large garlic cloves; 1 cup pecans; a 4-ounce jar pimientos; 12 ounces extra-sharp Cheddar; 1 tablespoon olive oil; 4 ounces cream cheese, softened; 1/4 cup mayonnaise; 1/2 cup finely chopped fresh flat-leafed parsley leaves; Tabasco to taste; Accompaniment: crackers | INSTRUCTIONS: Crush 2 garlic cloves with the flat side of a large knife and mince remaining garlic clove. Chop pecans. Drain pimientos and rinse well. Pat pimientos dry between paper towels and chop. Coarsely grate cheddar. Preheat oven to 350° F. In an ovenproof heavy skillet cook crushed garlic in oil over moderately low heat, stirring, until pale golden. Discard garlic with a slotted spoon and stir pecans into oil. Cook pecans over moderate heat, stirring, 1 minute, and transfer skillet to oven. Toast pecans, stirring occasionally, until golden, about 5 minutes, and cool. In a bowl stir together cream ch <END>
INPUT: Asian, chilled, ginger, chicken breast halves, soy sauce, mirin, Asian chile paste
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chilled Udon with Sweet-and-Spicy Chicken and Spinach | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 2 to 3 tablespoons finely grated fresh ginger; 1 1/2 lb boneless skinless chicken breast halves; 1/3 cup soy sauce; 1/4 cup mirin (Japanese sweet rice wine); 1 teaspoon Asian chile paste with garlic; 2 teaspoons Asian sesame oil; 12 oz dried or 16 oz fresh udon noodles; 6 cups baby spinach, coarse stems discarded; Garnish: julienne scallions and toasted sesame seeds | INSTRUCTIONS: Press or squeeze ginger using a fine sieve or cheesecloth until enough juice is extracted to measure 1 tablespoon. Heat a well-seasoned large ridged grill pan over high heat until hot. Pat chicken dry and season with salt and pepper. Mix together soy sauce, mirin, ginger juice, chile paste, and sesame oil. Set aside 1/2 cup of soy mixture and toss remainder with chicken. Grill chicken until just cooked through, 4 to 5 minutes on each side. When cool enough to handle, tear into bite-size pieces. If using dried noodles, cook in a large pot of boiling water until al dente, about 12 minutes. Stir  <END>
INPUT: Italian, pizza, plain polenta, salt, onion, bell pepper, olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pepperoni Polenta Pizza | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup instant plain polenta; 1/2 tsp salt; 1/2 cup thinly sliced onion; 1/4 cup diced red and/or green bell pepper; 2 tsp olive oil; 1/2 cup prepared marinara sauce; 10 slices reduced-fat pepperoni; 1/3 cup seeded and diced tomato; 1/4 tsp dried oregano; 1/2 cup shredded reduced-fat (part skim) mozzarella | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 450°F. For crust, bring 2 1/4 cups water to a boil. Whisk in polenta and salt. Reduce heat and whisk 3 to 5 minutes or until thick. Pour into a 9" pie plate or cake tin, cover with plastic wrap and put in fridge to chill to room temperature. Meanwhile, sauté onion and pepper with oil in a nonstick skillet until onion is soft, about 2 minutes. Pour marinara sauce over crust. Add onion, pepper, pepperoni, tomato, and oregano; salt and pepper to taste. Bake 8 to 10 minutes. Sprinkle cheese on top and cook 2 more minutes or until cheese melts. Cut into 6 slices; serve immediately.  <END>
INPUT: American, dessert, pizza, port, cornmeal all purpose, vegetable oil, figs figs
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fig and Goat Cheese Dessert Pizza with Port Reduction | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup port; 1/4 cup cornmeal or all-purpose flour, for rolling dough; 1 (4-inch) ball prepared dough, at room temperature; 1 tablespoons vegetable oil; 4 ripe figs or 10 dried figs, sliced thinly; 2 tablespoons orange marmalade; 4 ounces goat cheese, crumbled | INSTRUCTIONS: Add port to a small pot, and simmer over medium heat for approximately 30 minutes, or until it reduces to a couple of tablespoons and takes on the consistency of maple syrup. Reserve. Lightly sprinkle work surface with corn meal. Place dough directly in the middle of the work surface. Roll dough out gently 1/4-inch thick, into either a 12-inch rectangle or circle. Brush both sides with oil and set aside until ready to grill. If you are grilling on a charcoal grill, set coals on one side of the grill. Place dough directly on the cooking grate over medium heat for 1 to 3 minutes, until the crust <END>
INPUT: bruschetta, olive oil, onions, garlic, thyme leaves, King Oyster
OUTPUT: TITLE: King Oyster Bruschetta | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons olive oil; Bunch green onions, white and green parts separated, and chopped; 3 cloves garlic, chopped; 2 teaspoons fresh thyme leaves; 4 King Oyster (trumpet or oyster) mushrooms, large diced; 1 tablespoon soy sauce; 1/2 cup goat cheese; 1 baguette, cut into 1-inch slices, and lightly toasted; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the broiler and line a baking sheet with parchment paper. Heat the olive oil in a saute pan over medium-high heat. Add the whites of the green onions, garlic, thyme, and saute until they are a light golden brown. Add the mushrooms, and saute until golden brown. Drizzle in the soy sauce, and continue cooking, stirring for 1 minute. Sprinkle in the chopped green onion tops, season with salt, and pepper, to taste, and remove the pan from the heat. Transfer the mushroom mixture to a bowl, and allow the dish to cool. Fold the goat cheese into the mushroom mixture. Arrange the toasted baguet <END>
INPUT: American, unbaked tart shells, thyme leaves, dill, kosher salt, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tomato Pie | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 15 4-inch unbaked tart shells; 2 tablespoons fresh thyme leaves, minced; 1/2 tablespoon fresh dill, chopped; 3/4 teaspoon kosher salt; 3/4 teaspoon ground black pepper; 25 basil leaves, julienned; 8 heirloom tomatoes, coarsely chopped; 1 sprig fresh rosemary, minced; 9 cups shredded Cheddar; 2 1/2 cups mayonnaise; 3 green onions, chopped; 1 tablespoon coarse ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Pinch the edges of the tart shells and set aside. In a large bowl, add the thyme, dill, salt, pepper, basil, tomatoes and rosemary, and toss until combined. In another large bowl, combine the cheese, mayonnaise and green onions. Mix to combine well. Scoop and divide the tomato mixture evenly among the tart shells and top with the cheese mixture. Sprinkle the top with coarse ground black pepper and bake until the tops are golden brown, 20 minutes. <END>
INPUT: lemony, soup, olive oil, carrots, onions, garlic, leftover roasted chicken
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lemony Chicken Soup With Farro, White Beans, and Kale | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons olive oil, divided; 2 large carrots (about 10 ounces), coarsely chopped; 2 onions, coarsely chopped, divided; 12 garlic cloves, thinly sliced, divided; 1 leftover roasted chicken carcass, meat picked off in large pieces and reserved, or 1 1/2 cups shredded cooked chicken; 10 cups low-sodium chicken broth; 1 1/2 cups whole farro; 2 1/2 teaspoons kosher salt, divided; 1 (15-ounce) can cannellini (white kidney) beans, drained, rinsed; 1 cup thinly sliced Tuscan kale; 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 1/8 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 4 tablespoons radish-top salsa verde (optional); 1/4 cup coarsely chopped dill; 1 baguette, sliced, toasted | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat 2 Tbsp. oil in a large pot over medium-high. Cook carrots, half of the onion, and 3 sliced garlic cloves, stirring occasionally, until softened and lightly browned, about 5 minutes. Add chicken carcass, if using, and broth; cover and simmer 30 minutes. (If you're not using carcass, simmer 15 minutes.) Meanwhile, toast farro in another large pot over medium heat, stirring occasionally, until it starts to brown and smells nutty, about 3 minutes. Stir in 1 tsp. salt and 3 cups water. Cover and simmer until farro is tender and liquid evaporates, about 30 minutes; strain any remaining liquid,  <END>
INPUT: American, salad, dressing, virgin olive oil, onions, sea salt, figs, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Egg White with Caramelized Onions and Homemade Fig Jam Sandwich with Salad and Maple Balsamic Dressi | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil; 3 red onions, sliced 1/2-inch thick; 1/4 teaspoon sea salt; 1 pound figs, stems trimmed, cut into quarters; 1/4 cup raw sugar; 1 teaspoon grated lemon zest; Extra-virgin olive oil; 8 egg whites (2 whites per sandwich); 1 teaspoon piment d'espelette; Freshly cracked black pepper; 1 teaspoon extra-virgin olive oil; 1 teaspoon aged balsamic vinegar; 1/2 teaspoon pure maple syrup; 4 cups baby arugula; 1 cup fresh blueberries | INSTRUCTIONS: For the caramelized onions: Heat a nonstick skillet over medium heat. Add the olive oil and onions, separating them, and sprinkle with the salt. Saute for 10 minutes, then turn down the heat to medium-low and cook until the onions are deep amber in color, another 35 to 40 minutes. Meanwhile, for the fig jam: Combine 1/4 cup water, the figs, sugar and lemon zest in a saucepan and simmer over low heat until thick, 45 to 60 minutes. For the eggs: Heat a medium nonstick skillet over medium heat. Add 1 teaspoon olive oil and use a paper towel to grease the pan and remove the excess oil. Crack 2 egg <END>
INPUT: omelet, eggs, dill, Salt pepper taste, butter, sour cream
OUTPUT: TITLE: Omelet with Sour Cream and Caviar | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 eggs, beaten with 1 teaspoon water; 1 teaspoon chopped fresh dill; Salt and freshly ground pepper to taste; 1 teaspoon butter; 1 heaping tablespoon sour cream; 1-2 tablespoons salmon roe or caviar; Whole chives, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: In a bowl mix eggs with salt, pepper and dill. In a hot non-stick omelet pan melt butter, add egg mixture and make omelet. Slide omelet from pan to a serving plate. Dollop sour cream and salmon roe on top. Garnish with whole chives. <END>
INPUT: persillade, racks lamb, Good olive oil, kosher salt, pepper, loosely parsley leaves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Rack of Lamb Persillade | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 small or 2 large racks of lamb, frenched; Good olive oil; 1 1/2 teaspoons kosher salt; 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 2 cups loosely packed fresh parsley leaves; 1 tablespoon chopped garlic cloves (3 cloves); 1 cup fresh white bread crumbs; 2 teaspoons grated lemon zest (2 lemons); 4 tablespoons (1/2 stick) unsalted butter, melted | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F. Place the racks in a roasting pan, fat side up. Rub the tops with olive oil and sprinkle with the salt and pepper. Roast the lamb for 10 minutes. Meanwhile, place the parsley and garlic in the bowl of a food processor fitted with the steel blade and process until they're both finely minced. Add the bread crumbs and lemon zest and process for a second until combined. Take the lamb out of the oven and quickly press the parsley mixture on top of the meat. Drizzle with the melted butter and return immediately to the oven and roast for another 15 minutes. Take the <END>
INPUT: citrus, salad, corn oil frying, pappadoums, Juice oranges, Juice lemons, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Citrus Marinated Asparagus Salad with Tuna Tartare on Pappadoums | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 8 to 12 ounces corn oil for frying; 1 package pappadoums (can buy at Indian specialty store), cut into wedges; Juice of 2 oranges; Juice of 2 lemons; 1 tablespoon chopped garlic; 3 tablespoons balsamic vinegar; 4 tablespoons grapeseed oil; 1/2 bunch chives, sliced thin; 2 ounces mint, fine chiffonade; 6 to 8 ounces fresh tuna, number 1 or sushi grade if possible; 1-ounce truffle oil; 1/8 cup chopped scallions; Salt and pepper; 2 bunches asparagus; Cracked white or black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: In a medium sauce pan heat oil to approximately 350 degrees F or until 1 to 2 drops of water react. Add pappadoums and cook until golden. Remove, place on a towel to dry. In a medium bowl, whisk orange juice, lemon juice, garlic, balsamic vinegar, grapeseed oil, chives and mint and season to taste. Chop or mince tuna with a spoon and place in small bowl. Add truffle oil, scallions and a touch of chili oil and season to taste. In salted, boiling water, cook asparagus for 15 seconds, then remove and shock in cold, salted water. Remove when cool. Plate asparagus and drizzle with vinaigrette. Arra <END>
INPUT: black, mousse, bittersweet chocolate, milk, heavy cream, chocolate, creme fraiche
OUTPUT: TITLE: Black and White Chocolate Mousse | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 ounces bittersweet chocolate; 1/2 cup milk; 1 cup heavy cream, whipped to soft peaks; 6 ounces white chocolate; 1/2 cup creme fraiche; 1 cup heavy cream, whipped to soft peaks; Milk chocolate, optional | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: 10 (4-ounce) ramekins or 2 1/2-inch metal collars or chocolate cups 2 pastry bags fitted with large plain tips or 2 thick, lockable plastic bags A piece of flat, stiff plastic the same diameter as your ramekins or chocolate cups Dark Mousse: In a bowl over barely simmering water, melt the bittersweet chocolate. Heat the milk in a saucepan until almost simmering and whisk it into the melted chocolate. Fold the whipped cream into the hot chocolate mixture; it will be rather soupy. Let cool slightly and transfer to a pastry bag or lockable plastic bag. Refrigerate at least 1 ho <END>
INPUT: crusted, rattle snake, buttermilk, cornmeal, flour, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cornmeal Crusted Rattle Snake with Cactus-Corn Succotash | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 1/2 pounds rattle snake, dead; 1 cup buttermilk; 1 cup cornmeal; 1 cup flour; 1 tablespoon salt; 1 tablespoon chile powder; 1 tablespoon garlic powder; 1 tablespoon paprika; 1 teaspoon cayenne pepper; 1 teaspoon ground cumin; 1 cup vegetable oil; Cactus-Corn Succotash, recipe follows; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1 cactus pad, thorns scraped off, cut into small dice; 2 ears corn, shucked | INSTRUCTIONS: Using a sharp boning knife remove the meat from the snake by cutting down the back, just slightly to 1 side of the spine from the head to the rattle. Using the tip of the knife peel the meat from the ?rib cage?. Once you removed the 2 long strips of meat, lightly pound them with the back of the knife to tenderize them. Cut the strips of meat into 1-inch pieces and place in a bowl with the buttermilk. Mix to coat well. In a large bowl combine the cornmeal with the flour and the spices. Heat the oil in a large skillet on medium high heat. Dredge the snake pieces in the flour mixture and fry for  <END>
INPUT: bosc pears, butter, vanilla bean, port, lemon juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sauteed Pears with Pumpkin Seed Praline Cream | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 large bosc pears, ripe but fir , peeled, cored and sliced; 1 tablespoon butter; 1/2 vanilla bean, scraped; 1/4 cup port; 1 tablespoon lemon juice; 1 cup whipping cream, whipped to soft peaks; 1 tablespoon icing sugar; Ground pumpkin seed praline, recipe follows; 1/2 cup sugar; 1/4 cup pumpkin seeds, shelled | INSTRUCTIONS: Saute pears in butter for about 3 to 4 minutes or until just soft and golden. Add the vanilla, port and lemon juice. Toss for a couple of minutes just to reduce sauce a little. Remove from heat. Whip cream with icing sugar until peaks begin to form. Fold in the ground praline. Serve over warm pears. In a medium saucepan with heavy bottom on high, heat sugar until melted and starting to turn amber. Add the pumpkin seeds and continue to cook for about 2 minutes or until sugar turns a rich brown caramel color. Be cautious because seeds will pop. Tilt pan to blend sugar, do not stir. Ensure that y <END>
INPUT: American, hoosier, wine vinegar, all purpose flour, salt, granulated sugar, unsalted butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Hoosier Sugar Cream Pie | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon red wine vinegar; 1 cup plus 3 tablespoons all-purpose flour, plus more for dusting; 1 teaspoon salt; 1 1/2 teaspoons granulated sugar; 7 tablespoons unsalted butter, cut into 1-inch cubes; 4 tablespoons chilled, 3 tablespoons frozen for 15 minutes; 1/2 cup granulated sugar; 1/2 cup packed dark brown sugar; 2 tablespoons all-purpose flour; 2 cups heavy cream; 1/2 teaspoon vanilla paste or extract; Confectioners' sugar, for dusting | INSTRUCTIONS: Prepare the crust: Combine the vinegar with 1/2 cup ice water in a small bowl. Pulse the flour, salt and sugar in a food processor until combined. Add the 4 tablespoons chilled butter and pulse until the butter is in pea-sized clumps and the mixture is sandy. Add the 3 tablespoons frozen butter; pulse until the frozen butter is also in pea-sized clumps. Add 5 tablespoons of the vinegar mixture; pulse 2 or 3 more times. Squeeze a small amount of dough between your fingers. If it does not stay together easily, add 1 more tablespoon of the vinegar mixture and pulse 3 or 4 more times. (Do not let  <END>
INPUT: American, skewer, seasoned salt, pepper, onions, potatoes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Steak Skewer | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 4 (12-ounce) steaks, your choice; 4 teaspoons seasoned salt, divided (recommended: Lawry's); 4 teaspoons freshly ground black pepper, divided; 4 yellow onions; 4 potatoes; 16 large shrimp, grilled | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat grill over medium-high heat. Grill steaks to your desired doneness. Cut steak into 4 pieces after grilling. Season each with 1 teaspoon seasoned salt and pepper and skewer. Cut onion into chunks and place 2 chunks per skewer. Cut potato into chunks and place 2 chunks per skewer and add the grilled shrimp, 4 per skewer. <END>
INPUT: chopped, onions, chicken fat, chicken livers, Salt pepper, Radish
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chopped Liver | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 medium onions, diced; 1/2 cup chicken fat; 1 pound chicken livers, trimmed of membrane; Salt and pepper; Grated Black Radish; Lettuce leaves; Matza Crackers | INSTRUCTIONS: Saute onions in 1 tablespoon chicken fat, until soft. Add liver and saute about 5 minutes or until liver is cooked. Allow mixture to cool. Chop and add salt and pepper. Add enough remaining chicken fat so that mixture holds together. Season with salt and pepper. Serve with grated black radish on lettuce leaves with crackers.; <END>
INPUT: American, goat, cheese, beets, salt, pepper, thyme leaves, paprika
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Beets with Goat's Cheese and Walnuts | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 6 large whole beets; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 1/4 teaspoon black pepper; 1/4 teaspoon dry thyme leaves; 1/4 teaspoon paprika; 1/4 teaspoon dry basil leaves; 1/8 teaspoon dry oregano; 1/8 teaspoon onion powder; 1/8 teaspoon garlic powder; Pinch cayenne pepper; 3/4 cup vegetable oil; 1 1/4 cups walnuts; 1/2 stick butter; 1 1/2 ounces red wine vinegar; 2 ounces pomace olive oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat a grill. Cover beets by 3 inches with cold water in a large saucepot. Bring the water to boil and simmer until paring knife slides out of beet when pricked. Strain and let cool. While running under water, rub beets with towel to remove skin. Slice beets into 1/2-inch rounds. Prepare marinade by combining all ingredients in a large bowl. Mix well and add vegetable oil. Toss sliced beets and hold. To prepare the walnuts, melt butter in a 10-inch skillet and add walnuts. Cook, stirring occasionally, for 5 minutes and season well with salt and pepper. Reserve left over butter. For the vina <END>
INPUT: summer, squash zucchini, salt, pepper, virgin olive oil, lemon juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Summer Squash and Zucchini | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 medium yellow squash and/or green zucchini (3 pounds); 3/4 teaspoon salt; 1/2 teaspoon black pepper; 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 2 teaspoons coarse-grain mustard; 1/4 teaspoon sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: Prepare grill for indirect-heat cooking over medium-hot charcoal (high heat for gas). Trim squash and/or zucchini and halve lengthwise, then toss with salt, pepper, and 2 tablespoons oil in a large bowl. Oil grill rack, then grill vegetables directly over hottest part of coals, covered only if using a gas grill, turning over once, until grill marks appear, about 6 minutes total. Move vegetables to area of grill with no coals underneath and grill, covered, until tender, about 4 minutes more. Transfer to a platter. While vegetables are grilling, whisk together lemon juice, mustard, sugar, and re <END>
INPUT: hawk, nest, onion, unsalted butter, garlic, crimini mushrooms, flour
OUTPUT: TITLE: Hawk's Nest Green Beans | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup diced white onion; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1/2 tablespoon minced garlic; 1 cup sliced crimini mushrooms; 2 tablespoons flour; 1 1/2 to 2 cups milk; 1/2 teaspoon cayenne pepper; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 tablespoons bacon bits; 1/2 pound green beans, trimmed; 1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil; 1 tablespoon canned fried onions | INSTRUCTIONS: In a 10-inch skillet over medium heat, sweat the onions in the butter. Add the garlic and mushrooms and saute for 2 minutes. Add the flour and cook for 2 to 5 minutes. Slowly whisk in the milk and season with the cayenne, salt, and pepper, to taste. Fold in the bacon bits. Preheat the grill to high heat. Blanch the green beans in salted boiling water for 3 to 5 minutes. Remove to an ice bath for 2 to 3 minutes. Remove from the ice bath, drain, and pat dry with a paper towel when cool. Toss the green beans in the extra-virgin olive oil and a little salt and pepper. Grill for 3 minutes. Place th <END>
INPUT: cheesy, unsalted butter, virgin olive oil, russet potatoes, Kosher salt pepper, shallot
OUTPUT: TITLE: Crispy Potatoes with Cheesy Eggs | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1 teaspoon extra-virgin olive oil; 2 large russet potatoes; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 small shallot, finely diced; 2 tablespoons all-purpose flour; 1 cup heavy cream; 2 tablespoons whiskey, such as Crown Royal; One 8-ounce piece brie, rind removed and cut into small pieces; 6 large eggs; Black lumpfish caviar, for garnish; Finely chopped fresh chives, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Put a medium nonstick skillet over medium heat and add 1 tablespoon of the butter and the oil. Peel and grate the potatoes on the large holes of a box grater or in a food processor. Sprinkle the potatoes well with salt and pepper and toss to coat. When the skillet is hot, add the potatoes, pressing them down and flattening them out to evenly cover the bottom of the skillet. Cook until the potatoes are well browned on the bottom, monitoring the heat as you go so they don't burn. Carefully flip over the pancake, keeping it in one piece, and brown it on the other si <END>
INPUT: Mexican, cocktail, sugar, pineapple, distilled vinegar, hibiscus flowers, jalapeño
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pineapple-Hibiscus Cocktail | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/4 cups sugar; 1 pineapple, peeled, cut into 1 1/2-inch pieces; 6 tablespoons distilled white vinegar; 1/4 cup dried hibiscus flowers; 1 jalapeño, thinly sliced into rounds; 5 sprigs mint; 1 lime, thinly sliced into wheels; 2 cups tequila; 1 cup fresh lime juice | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring sugar and 1 cup water to a boil in a medium saucepan and cook, stirring, until sugar dissolves, about 3 minutes. Add pineapple, reduce heat, and simmer 10 minutes. Remove from heat and let sit 30 minutes to infuse syrup with pineapple flavor. Strain into a small bowl; stir in vinegar. Cover and chill shrub until cold, about 30 minutes. Cover and chill pineapple pieces until ready to use. Meanwhile, place hibiscus in a small bowl and pour 1 1/4 cups boiling water over. Cover and let steep 10 minutes. Strain tea into an airtight container; discard flowers. Cover tea and chill until cold, a <END>
INPUT: hash, baking, piece corned beef, onion, bell pepper, unsalted butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Corned Beef Hash | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 lb baking (russet) potatoes, peeled and cut into 1/4-inch dice; 1-lb piece cooked corned beef, cut into chunks; 1 cup chopped onion; 1 large red bell pepper, cut into 1/4-inch pieces; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1/4 cup heavy cream; 4 large eggs (optional); 1 tablespoon chopped fresh flat-leaf parsley | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook potatoes in boiling salted water to cover until just tender, about 3 minutes, then drain. Pulse corned beef in a food processor until coarsely chopped. Sauté onion and bell pepper in butter in a 12-inch nonstick skillet over moderately high heat, stirring, until lightly browned, about 5 minutes. Add potatoes and sauté over moderately high heat, stirring occasionally, until browned, about 5 minutes. Stir in corned beef and salt and pepper to taste, then cook, stirring occasionally, until browned. Add cream and cook, stirring, 1 minute. If desired, make 4 holes in hash and break 1 egg into  <END>
INPUT: Asian, lemonade, water, honey, sugar, ginger, lemon juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Ginger-Honey Lemonade | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 3 cups water; 1/2 cup honey; 1/2 cup sugar; 1/4 cup minced peeled fresh ginger; 1 1/4 cups fresh lemon juice; Ice cubes | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring 1 cup water, honey, sugar, and ginger to boil in heavy medium saucepan over high heat, stirring until sugar dissolves. Boil 5 minutes. Cool. Strain syrup into pitcher. Mix in lemon juice and remaining 2 cups water. Fill pitcher with ice. Let stand 5 minutes. Fill 4 to 6 tall glasses with ice; add lemonade. Bring 1 cup water, honey, sugar, and ginger to boil in heavy medium saucepan over high heat, stirring until sugar dissolves. Boil 5 minutes. Cool. Strain syrup into pitcher. Mix in lemon juice and remaining 2 cups water. Fill pitcher with ice. Let stand 5 minutes. Fill 4 to 6 tall glas <END>
INPUT: Italian, pancakes, ricotta, mixed berries, sugar, lemon juice, all purpose flour
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lemon-Ricotta Pancakes | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups ricotta; 2 cups mixed fresh berries; 1/3 cup plus 4 tablespoons sugar, divided; 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 1 1/2 cups all-purpose flour; 1/2 cup chestnut flour; 2 tablespoons baking powder; 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt; 4 large eggs, separated; 2 tablespoons finely grated lemon zest; 1 1/2 cups whole milk; Melted unsalted butter for brushing; **Ingredient info:**Chestnut flour can be found at specialty foods stores | INSTRUCTIONS: Line a fine-mesh strainer with cheesecloth; set over a small bowl. Add ricotta to strainer and let drain for 15 minutes; set aside. Gently combine berries, 1/3 cup sugar, and lemon juice in a medium bowl. Let macerate, tossing occasionally, until sugar dissolves and juices are released, about 15 minutes. Whisk both flours, baking powder, and salt in a large bowl. Using an electric mixer, beat egg whites in a medium bowl until frothy. Gradually beat in 2 tablespoons sugar, beating until peaks form. Whisk the egg yolks, remaining 2 tablespoons sugar, and zest in another medium bowl to blend. Whi <END>
INPUT: Italian, risotto, onion, olive oil, garlic, coarse, chicken broth
OUTPUT: TITLE: Bulgur "risotto" with Spinach and Bacon | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 medium onion, chopped; 1 tablespoon olive oil; 1 teaspoon minced garlic; 1 cup coarse (No. 3) bulgur; 2 cups chicken broth; 1 3/4 cups water; 1/4 pound sliced bacon, chopped; 6 cups baby spinach (4 ounces), trimmed; 1/3 cup freshly grated parmesan | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook onion in oil in a 2-quart heavy saucepan over moderate heat, stirring, until softened. Add garlic and cook, stirring, 30 seconds. Add bulgur, broth, and water and bring to a boil. Reduce heat and simmer, covered, until bulgur is tender and creamy (like risotto), about 20 minutes. While bulgur is simmering, cook bacon in a skillet over moderate heat, stirring, until crisp, then drain on paper towels. Stir spinach into bulgur until wilted, then stir in parmesan, half of bacon, and salt and pepper to taste. Serve "risotto" sprinkled with remaining bacon. Cook onion in oil in a 2-quart heavy  <END>
INPUT: American, apples, apple, caraway seeds, allspice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cheddar Dogs with Cider-Braised Leeks and Apples | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons (1/4 stick) butter; 2 cups (generous) thinly sliced leeks (white and pale green parts only); 1 apple, peeled, cored, diced; 1/2 teaspoon caraway seeds; Pinch of ground allspice; Coarse kosher salt; 1 1/2 cups hard apple cider or 1 1/4 cups apple cider and 1/4 cup bourbon; 6 grilled hot dog buns or brioche-style oblong rolls; Dijon mustard; 6 grilled all-beef hot dogs; 2 ounces sharp cheddar cheese, coarsely grated (1/2 cup packed) | INSTRUCTIONS: Melt butter in large skillet over medium heat. Add leeks and apple. Cover; cook until tender, stirring occasionally, about 8 minutes. Mix in caraway and allspice; season with coarse salt and pepper. Add hard cider; bring to boil. Reduce heat to medium-low. Simmer, uncovered, until most of liquid is cooked away, about 16 minutes. Arrange buns or rolls on plates. Spread each with mustard, then top with grilled hot dogs. Sprinkle dogs with cheese and top with leek mixture. Melt butter in large skillet over medium heat. Add leeks and apple. Cover; cook until tender, stirring occasionally, about 8  <END>
INPUT: Vegetable oil frying, sweet potatoes, kosher coarse salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fried Sweet Potatoes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Vegetable oil for frying; 3 large sweet potatoes, peeled and cut lengthwise into 1/4inch strips; 1 tablespoon kosher or coarse salt | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large heavy saucepan or deep fat fryer, heat 4 to 5 inches of vegetable oil to 360/. Rub the potato strips with the salt. Fry the potatoes, in several batches to prevent overcrowding and sticking, for 2 to 3 minutes, until cooked through but not colored. Be sure to return the oil to 360 degrees before cooking the next batch, or the potatoes will absorb too much oil and be greasy. Set the potatoes aside on paper towels until you have finished cooking all of them, then increase the temperature of the oil to 390 degrees. Refry the potatoes, again in batches. This time they will take very lit <END>
INPUT: American, flour, baking powder, salt, soda, cheese curds
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fried Cheese Curds | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup flour; 1 1/2 teaspoons baking powder; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1 cup club soda; 1 pound cheese curds; 4 cups vegetable or canola oil; Marinara sauce, for serving | INSTRUCTIONS: In a medium bowl, mix the flour, baking powder and salt. Stir in the club soda and mix until smooth. Add the cheese curds to the batter and coat thoroughly. Heat the oil in a large, heavy skillet or heavy-bottomed pot over medium heat until a deep-frying thermometer inserted in the oil reads 360 degrees F. Fry the cheese curds for about 1 minute, turning halfway through. Drain on paper towels. Serve the fried cheese curds with marinara or your favorite dipping sauce. <END>
INPUT: olive oil, Kosher salt pepper, herbs de Provence, creme fraiche
OUTPUT: TITLE: Crispy Rack of Lamb with Honey and Mascarpone | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 (1 to 1 1/2 pounds each) racks of lamb, trimmed, with 1/4-inch of fat left on meat; 1/4 cup olive oil; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 tablespoons herbs de Provence; 1/2 cup creme fraiche; 3 tablespoons honey; 3/4 tablespoon ground cumin; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh mint leaves; 1/2 cup mascarpone cheese, at room temperature; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. For the lamb: Place an oven rack in the center of the oven. Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Place a grill pan over medium-high heat or preheat a gas or charcoal grill. Drizzle the olive oil on both sides of the lamb. Season with salt, pepper and herbs de Provence. Grill the lamb for 5 minutes on each side until brown. Place the lamb in a shallow roasting pan or baking sheet and roast for 25 minutes for medium-rare. Allow the lamb to rest for 10 minutes before slicing. For the sauce: In a small bowl, combine the creme fraiche, honey, cumin, and mint. Add the ma <END>
INPUT: savoy cabbage, unsalted butter, garlic, chives
OUTPUT: TITLE: The Ultimate Potato Gratin | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 head savoy cabbage, cored, cleaned, and shredded; 1 (2-inch) piece slab bacon, thinly sliced; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, plus more for greasing the gratin dish; 4 garlic cloves, finely chopped; 1/2 bunch fresh chives, finely chopped to 1/4 cup; Sea salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 pounds baking potatoes, unpeeled and thinly sliced (about 1/8-inch), see Cook's note*; 2 1/2 cups heavy cream; 2 cups grated Parmesan | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Finely shred the cabbage. Cut the bacon into 1/2-inch chunks. Place a small skillet over medium-low heat and fry the bacon, until crisp. Remove from pan with a slotted spoon and drain on paper towels. Set aside. Add 1 tablespoon butter to bacon fat in frying pan. When it has melted add 1/2 the garlic and give it a quick stir with a wooden spoon to soften. Add the cabbage and coat it with the butter. Slowly let it wilt. Add the bacon. Season with salt and freshly ground black pepper. Remove from heat and add most of the chives, r <END>
INPUT: Italian, rigatoni, olive oil, butter, shallot, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Baked Ricotta and Spinach Rigatoni | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound rigatoni; 1 tablespoon olive oil; 4 tablespoons butter; 1 large shallot, minced; 2 cloves garlic, pressed; 1/4 cup all-purpose flour; 1/2 cup white wine; 2 cups milk; 1/8 teaspoon ground nutmeg; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 (10-ounce) packages frozen chopped spinach, thawed and squeezed of excess water; 2 cups ricotta cheese; 2 eggs, lightly beaten; 8 ounces smoked or fresh mozzarella, grated | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Cook rigatoni for 5 minutes in a pot of boiling, salted water. Drain and toss with 1 tablespoon olive oil. Set aside. To make the bechamel sauce: Melt the butter in a large saucepan over medium heat and add the shallots and garlic. Sweat the shallots and garlic for a few minutes until softened and but not colored. Add the flour and stir until a smooth paste forms. Gradually whisk in the wine and then the milk. Bring the mixture to a simmer, whisking constantly and cook until thickened, about 5 minutes. Season with nutmeg, salt, and pepper, to taste. Let cool  <END>
INPUT: French, souffle, pears, water, sugar, cinnamon, raspberries
OUTPUT: TITLE: Rice Souffle with Pears and Raspberries | CUISINE: French | INGREDIENTS: 3 pears, peeled, halved lengthwise, and cored; 1 cup water; 1/2 cup sugar; 1 cinnamon stick; 2 cups raspberries; Sugar; 2 tablespoons framboise (raspberry liqueur); 1/4 cup water; 1 tablespoon butter; Bread crumbs, to coat pan; 1/2 cup long grain rice; 1 cup milk; 1 vanilla bean, halved lengthwise and scraped; 2 tablespoons butter; 6 eggs, separated | INSTRUCTIONS: To make the Poached Pears: In a small saucepan, combine pears, water, sugar, and cinnamon stick. Bring to a boil and lower to a simmer. Poach the pears for 12 to 15 minutes. Allow to cool. Slice each half into 4 slices. Reserve. To make the Raspberry Compote: In another small saucepan, combine raspberries, sugar, liqueur, and water to a boil. Cook for 1 minute. Turn off heat and reserve. Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Melt 1 tablespoon of butter and brush onto a 10-inch saute pan or ovenproof mold. Sprinkle with bread crumbs. Set aside. To make the Rice Souffle: In a small saucepan, combine ri <END>
INPUT: Mexican, unsalted butter, garlic, Juice lime, cilantro, rocoto chile paste
OUTPUT: TITLE: Corn With Chile-Lime Butter | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 stick unsalted butter, softened; 1 1/2 teaspoons minced garlic; Juice of 1 lime; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh cilantro, plus more for topping; 1 tablespoon rocoto chile paste (available in jars at Latin markets); 1/2 teaspoon ground cumin; Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper; 8 ears corn, husks and silk removed; Crumbled cotija cheese, for topping | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat a grill to medium high. Combine the butter, garlic, lime juice, cilantro, chile paste and cumin in a bowl. Add salt and pepper; mix well. Grill the corn, turning, until nicely charred, 10 to 15 minutes. Serve with a spoonful of the flavored butter on top. Sprinkle with more cilantro and cotija cheese. Photograph by Kang Kim <END>
INPUT: Indian, olive oil, mint, garlic, salt, cumin
OUTPUT: TITLE: Savory Mint Lamb Chops | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup olive oil; 1/4 cup chopped fresh mint; 4 large garlic cloves, minced; 2 teaspoons salt; 2 teaspoons ground cumin; 1 teaspoon ground coriander; 1 teaspoon cayenne pepper; 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 8 (1- to 1 1/2-inch-thick) lamb loin chops (about 5 ounces each), trimmed; Fresh mint sprigs | INSTRUCTIONS: Place olive oil, chopped fresh mint, minced garlic, salt, cumin, coriander, cayenne pepper, and black pepper in small bowl; mix well. Spread herb mixture over both sides of lamb chops. Transfer chops to broiler pan. Let stand 10 minutes. Preheat broiler. Broil chops until brown and crusty, about 4 minutes per side for medium-rare. Arrange chops on platter, garnish with fresh mint sprigs, and serve. Place olive oil, chopped fresh mint, minced garlic, salt, cumin, coriander, cayenne pepper, and black pepper in small bowl; mix well. Spread herb mixture over both sides of lamb chops. Transfer chop <END>
INPUT: autumn, layered, pecan halves, apple cider vinegar, Dijon mustard, honey, Kosher salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Autumn Layered Salad with Sweet Potato and Wheat Berries | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup pecan halves; 1/3 cup plus 2 tablespoons apple cider vinegar; 1 1/2 teaspoons Dijon mustard; 1 teaspoon honey; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1/3 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 2 medium sweet potatoes, peeled and cut into 1-inch pieces; 1/2 cup wheat berries, rinsed well; 1/2 small head red cabbage, thinly sliced (about 4 cups); 8 ounces aged Cheddar, cut into small chunks; 1/2 cup fresh parsley leaves, roughly chopped; 6 pickled sweet piquante peppers, such as Peppadews, finely chopped; 5 ounces deli-sliced honey-baked ham, cut into bite-size pieces; 2 1/2 ounces baby kale (about 4 cups); 2 cups apple chips, slightly crushed | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: a straight-sided 3-quart tall glass bowl or four 16-ounce wide-mouth glass jars with lids Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Spread the pecans out on a baking sheet, and roast until golden, 8 to 10 minutes. Let cool, and roughly chop. Turn the oven up to 425 degrees F. Transfer the pecans to a medium bowl. Add 1/3 cup vinegar, the mustard, honey, 1/2 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of black pepper, and whisk to combine. Slowly drizzle in the oil while whisking constantly until blended into a vinaigrette. Spread the sweet potatoes out on a rimmed baking sheet. Drizzle with 3 t <END>
INPUT: Mexican, fish, tacos, onion, jalapeno pepper, plum tomatoes, lime, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fish Tacos | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 small yellow onion; 1 jalapeno pepper; 2 plum tomatoes; 1 fresh lime; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 1/8 teaspoon fresh ground black pepper; 1/4 cup mayonnaise; 1/4 cup sour cream; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh cilantro; 1 tablespoon fresh lime juice; 1/4 tablespoon garlic powder; 1/4 tablespoon onion power; 2 cups corn flour, such as Maseca; 1 teaspoon salt; 1/4 teaspoon fresh ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. For the pico de "guyo": Remove the thin outer layers of the onion and chop into 1/8- by 1/8-inch pieces. Chop the jalapeno in half and remove the seeds and inner membrane (use gloves when handling the jalapeno). Dice the jalapeno into small pieces. Cut the tomatoes into 1/8- by 1/8-inch pieces. Cut the lime in half and squeeze the juice into the mix. Add the salt and pepper. Let all the ingredients sit and marinate for at least 30 minutes. For the cilantro lime sauce: Mix the mayonnaise, sour cream, cilantro, lime juice, garlic powder and onion powder together an <END>
INPUT: barbeque, olive oil, onion, pepper, garlic, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken With Mango Barbeque Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1 onion, diced (about 1 cup); 1 red pepper, diced (about 1 cup); 3 cloves garlic, coarsely chopped; 1 teaspoon salt; Freshly ground black pepper; 1/2 teaspoon ground allspice; 1/3 cup red wine vinegar; 3 tablespoons molasses; 2 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce; 2 tablespoons lime juice; 1/4 cup low-sodium tomato sauce; 1 mango, diced (about 1 1/2 cups); 2 to 3 jalapenos, minced; 2 boneless, skinless chicken breasts (about 3/4 pound each) | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat the oil in a medium-sized skillet over medium-high. Add the onions and cook until translucent, about 2 minutes. Add the red peppers, garlic, salt and pepper, and allspice and cook for 2 minutes more. Stir in the vinegar, molasses, Worcestershire sauce, lime juice and tomato sauce and cook for 1 minute more. Transfer the mixture into a bender and add the mango and jalapeno. Blend until smooth. Put 1 cup of the barbeque sauce into a resealable plastic bag with the chicken and marinate for 1 hour. Preheat the broiler. Put the chicken on a broiler pan and discard the marinade. Broil the chick <END>
INPUT: French, three, soup, olive oil, butter, onion, carrot, celery
OUTPUT: TITLE: Three-bean Soup with Turkey Meatballs and Dijon Mustard Dumplings | CUISINE: French | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon olive oil; 1 tablespoon butter; 1 large onion, diced (2 cups); 1 large carrot, diced; 2 sticks celery, diced; 2 quarts beef stock; 1/2 cup orange lentils; 1/3 cup barley; 1 can kidney beans, drained and rinsed; 1 can roman beans, drained and rinsed; 1 recipe Turkey Meatballs, recipe follows; 2 cups all-purpose flour; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1 teaspoon baking powder; 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard | INSTRUCTIONS: Add the olive oil and butter in a Dutch oven and place over medium heat. Saute the onions, carrots and celery for 5 minutes. In a saucepan add beef stock and bring to the boil on a medium heat, once the vegetables have softened add the simmering stock to the Dutch oven. (We should never add a cold liquid to an already heated pot as it dramatically drops the heat and slows down the cooking process.) As the stock is at temperature, add the lentils, barley and stir the broth. Place the lid back on and let the mixture cook for 5 minutes. Then add the drained and rinsed beans and cook for an additi <END>
INPUT: cream, pops, unsweetened blackberries, sugar, half half, lemon juice, Blackberry Mint Syrup
OUTPUT: TITLE: Frozen Blackberry-Cream Pops | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 1/2 cups frozen unsweetened blackberries (about 10 ounces), thawed, juices reserved; 6 tablespoons sugar; 1 1/2 cups half and half; 1/2 teaspoon fresh lemon juice; Blackberry-Mint Syrup | INSTRUCTIONS: Puree blackberries with juices in processor until smooth. Pour into strainer set over bowl, pressing on solids to extract as much puree as possible (about 1 1/8 to 1 1/4 cups puree). Discard solids. Transfer 1 cup berry puree to 4-cup measuring cup (reserve remaining berry puree for Blackberry-Mint Syrup). Add sugar to measuring cup and whisk until dissolved. Whisk in half and half and lemon juice. If not using ice cream maker, pour sherbet into six 1/3-cup frozen pop molds,* dividing equally. Insert pop-mold handle into each. Freeze overnight. If using ice cream maker, process sherbet accordi <END>
INPUT: cookies, dark chocolate, salted butter, all purpose flour, pinches baking powder, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Candy Cane-Chocolate Cookies | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 12 oz dark chocolate (70%), chopped, divided; 4 tbsp salted butter; 1/2 cup all-purpose flour; 2 pinches baking powder; 1/2 tsp salt; 2 large eggs; 2/3 cup granulated sugar; 1 tsp vanilla extract; 8 oz milk chocolate, melted; crushed candy cane | INSTRUCTIONS: Melt 7 oz dark chocolate and butter in a double boiler or in a metal bowl set over a saucepan of barely simmering water. Let cool. Mix flour, baking powder, and salt in a bowl. Set aside. Beat eggs, sugar, and vanilla until light and fluffy, about 8-10 minutes. Stir in reserved dark chocolate mixture and remaining 5 oz dark chocolate. Add flour mixture and stir until smooth. Let mixture rest 15 minutes. Meanwhile, preheat oven to 350°. Place rounded tablespoonfuls of dough onto a baking sheet lined with parchment paper, leaving space between cookies. Bake for 8-10 minutes. Let cool. Dip cookie <END>
INPUT: bull, sauce, Olive oil, onion, bell pepper, celery
OUTPUT: TITLE: Bull Fillet with Anchovy Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Olive oil; 1 onion, finely chopped; 1 red bell pepper, seeded and brunoise; 1 green bell pepper, seeded and brunoise; 3 celery stalks, brunoise; 1 zucchini, brunoise; 1 carrot, peeled and brunoise; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; Herbes de Provence, to taste; 3 bay leaves; 8 anchovy fillets; Olive oil; 1 shallot, finely chopped; 3 garlic cloves, finely chopped; Vinegar, to taste | INSTRUCTIONS: In a skillet over medium-high heat, add about 2 tablespoons olive oil. Once heated add the onions and saute. When the onions are translucent, add all of the other vegetables, stirring often. Season the vegetables with salt, pepper, herbes de Provence, and the bay leaves. When the vegetables are cooked, drain off any excess oil and set aside. Allow vegetables to come to room temperature. Rinse the anchovy fillets in cold water. Add 2 to 3 tablespoons of oil to a frying pan over medium-high heat. Once heated, add the shallot and the anchovy fillets. Cook on low heat until fragrant. Add the garli <END>
INPUT: cupcakes, caramel, vegetable oil, all purpose flour, cake flour, baking powder, baking soda
OUTPUT: TITLE: Brown Sugar-Pecan Cupcakes with Caramel Frosting | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Nonstick vegetable oil spray; 1 cup all purpose flour; 1/2 cup cake flour; 1/2 teaspoon baking powder; 1/2 teaspoon baking soda; 1/2 teaspoon fine sea salt; 1 1/4 cups coarsely chopped toasted pecans; 1/2 cup (1 stick) unsalted butter, room temperature; 1 cup (packed) golden brown sugar; 2 large eggs, room temperature; 1/3 cup sour cream; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; 1 cup sugar; 1/4 cup water; 1/2 cup heavy whipping cream | INSTRUCTIONS: For cupcakes: Put rack in bottom third of oven; preheat to 350°F. Spray 12-cup muffin pan with nonstick spray; line with muffin cups. Whisk both flours, baking powder, baking soda, and sea salt in medium bowl. Stir in chopped pecans. Beat butter in large bowl until smooth. Add brown sugar; beat until light and fluffy, about 2 minutes. Add eggs 1 at a time, beating to blend between additions. Beat in sour cream and vanilla. Add dry ingredients; beat on low speed just to blend. Divide batter among muffin cups. Bake cupcakes until tester inserted into center comes out clean, about 23 minutes. Coo <END>
INPUT: granita, almond milk, almond paste, sugar, lemon juice, milk
OUTPUT: TITLE: Almond Granita | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 quart almond milk, recipe follows; 2 ounces almond paste; 2 ounces sugar; 2 teaspoons fresh lemon juice; 2 quarts milk; 1 pound almond meal; 1 pound blanched whole almonds; 2 ounces almond essence; 1/2 cup sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: In a blender, combine all ingredients and process to a puree. Strain into a stainless steel pan and freeze. To serve: scrape ice with fork and spoon and place about 4 ounces in a serving glass. Serve immediately. In a stockpot, bring milk to a slow boil. Stir in almond meal and whole almonds. Simmer for 30 minutes. Turn off heat, cover pan, and allow to infuse for 20 minutes. Uncover, and using an immersion blender, process to puree whole almonds. Strain through a fine strainer lined with a dampened cheesecloth. Stir in flavoring and sugar. Chill over bowl of ice. Yield: 2 quarts <END>
INPUT: American, chiles, yellow, fermented beans, garlic, jalapenos, serranos, pork
OUTPUT: TITLE: Crispy Poblano Chiles Stuffed with Black Bean, Pork, Cheese Yellow Rice, and "Bandera (Mexican Flag) | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon fermented black beans, rinsed and minced; 1 tablespoon garlic, minced; 2 chopped jalapenos; 2 chopped serranos; 1 pound ground pork; 1/4 cup cilantro, washed, dried, picked, and chopped; 1 cup grated Mexican cheese, such as Manchego or Monterey Jack; 4 large poblanos, blackened, peeled, seeds removed, slit up one side, and ready to stuff; Salt and black pepper; Corn oil, to cook; 2 cups cooked long grain rice with a pinch of turmeric; Corn Tempura batter, recipe follows; Bandera Sauce Red, recipe follows; Bandera Sauce Green, recipe follows; Cilantro Crema, recipe follows | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat a fryer to 375 degrees F. In a small saute pan coated lightly with oil, saute the black beans and garlic until soft, add the jalapenos, serranos, and saute 2 minutes, add the pork and cook about 8 to 10 minutes on low heat or until cooked through. Set aside and let cool. Add the chopped cilantro and cheese. Stuff each chile full. Dip each one in the tempura batter and fry until golden brown, about 4 to 5 minutes. Season lightly with salt and pepper. Plating: On a large plate, ladle each half with the red and green sauces, yin-yang-like, if possible. Place a small mound of rice in the m <END>
INPUT: Mexican, cheesecake, bars, high quality chocolate, chocolate sandwich cookies, whipping cream, cream cheese, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: White Chocolate and Lime Cheesecake Bars | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 7 ounces high-quality white chocolate (such as Lindt), chopped, plus white chocolate curls (optional garnish); 27 chocolate sandwich cookies (about 11 ounces); 1/2 cup chilled whipping cream; 1 8-ounce package cream cheese, room temperature; 3 tablespoons sugar; 3 tablespoons fresh lime juice; 1 tablespoon finely grated lime peel; Lime slices or lime twists (for garnish) | INSTRUCTIONS: Line 8x8x2-inch square baking pan with foil, extending over all sides. Stir chopped white chocolate in small metal bowl set over saucepan of barely simmering water until melted and smooth. Remove bowl from over water. Finely grind cookies in processor. Add 2 tablespoons melted white chocolate and blend until mixture clumps together. Firmly press mixture onto bottom of prepared pan. Chill while making filling. Beat whipping cream in medium bowl until peaks form. Beat cream cheese, sugar, lime juice, and lime peel in large bowl until smooth. Beat in remaining melted white chocolate. Fold in whip <END>
INPUT: pilaf, chicken stock, onion, rice, apple cider
OUTPUT: TITLE: Wild and Brown Rice Pilaf with Cranberries | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 12 ounces chicken stock; 1 1/2 ounces diced onion; 6 ounces brown rice; 7 ounces apple cider; 12 ounces chicken stock; 6 ounces wild rice; 2 ounces shallots; 2 ounces dried cranberries; 2 ounces dry white wine | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. Plump the cranberries in the wine for about 20 minutes. Drain the cranberries and reserve the liquid. 2. To make the brown rice, sweat the onions in the reserved cranberry liquid until the onions are translucent. Add the brown rice and stock. Bring the liquid to a boil and cover the pot tightly. Cook in a 350°F(175°C) oven until the rice is tender and has absorbed all the liquid, about 40 minutes. 3. To prepare the wild rice, bring the apple cider, stock and wild rice to a boil in a medium sauce pot. cover the pot tightly, and cook in a 350°F(175°C) oven until the rice is tender and has abs <END>
INPUT: stew, canola oil, bison meat, onion, carrots, celery
OUTPUT: TITLE: Bison Stew | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup canola oil; 2 pounds bison meat, cut into 1-inch cubes; 1 cup diced white onion; 1 cup diced carrots; 1 cup diced celery; 3 cloves garlic, minced; 4 tablespoons all-purpose flour; 1/2 cup tomato paste; 4 cups low-sodium beef broth; 4 cups red wine; 1 (14.5-ounce) can chopped tomatoes; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 4 tablespoons chopped parsley leaves; 2 teaspoons chopped thyme leaves; 1/4 cup unsalted butter | INSTRUCTIONS: Cooked wild rice or couscous, for serving Heat the oil in a large saucepan over medium-high heat, until almost smoking. Brown the bison meat in the hot oil until golden brown, then remove from the pan to a plate and set aside. In the same pan, add the onion, carrots, celery, garlic and saute for about 5 minutes, stirring constantly. Add the flour and tomato paste and stir well. Slowly add in the beef stock, red wine and canned tomatoes. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Return the seared meat to the pan and reduce the heat to a simmer. Continue to cook for about 45 minutes. The liquid, wh <END>
INPUT: Mexican, oncello, spritzers, limes, sugar, water, Ice cubes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lime-oncello Spritzers with Mint | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2 pounds limes (about 10 large); 1 (750-ml) bottle 100-proof vodka; 2 1/2 cups sugar; 2 1/2 cups water; Ice cubes; 1 cup fresh mint leaves; 1 cup club soda | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. To make limoncello: Using a vegetable peeler, remove the peel from the limes in long strips (reserve the limes for another use). Place the lime peels in a 1-quart jar. Pour the vodka over the peels and screw on the lid. Steep the lime peels in the vodka for 1 week at room temperature. Stir the sugar and water in a large saucepan over medium heat until the sugar dissolves, about 5 minutes. Cool completely, then stir in the vodka mixture. Strain the liquids into bottles, pressing on the peels to extract as much liquid as possible. Seal the bottles and refrigerate u <END>
INPUT: Italian, provencale, Salt, garlic, shallots, basil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tomatoes Provencale | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 4 firm, ripe medium tomatoes; Salt; 1 clove garlic, minced; 2 tablespoons minced shallots; 3 tablespoons minced fresh basil; 1 tablespoon fresh thyme or 1/2 teaspoon dried thyme; 1 tablespoon oregano; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 1/4 cup olive oil; 1/2 cup dry white bread crumbs | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 400 degrees. Cut the tomatoes in half, crosswise. With your index finger poke out the seeds from the cavities. Sprinkle the halves lightly with salt and put the tomato upside down on a rack to drain for 20 minutes or more. Blend all of the remaining ingredients in a mixing bowl. Correct the seasoning. Sprinkle the insides of each tomato half with black pepper, then fill with 1 or 2 spoonfuls of the stuffing. Sprinkle with a few drops of olive oil. Arrange the tomatoes in the oiled baking dish. They can be prepared up to this point several hours ahead. Place the baking dish in t <END>
INPUT: fudge, sauce, unsweetened chocolate, unsalted butter, light corn syrup, heavy cream, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Hot Fudge Sauce Over Vanilla Ice Cream | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 ounces unsweetened chocolate, chopped finely; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 2 tablespoons light corn syrup; 3/4 cup heavy cream; 1 cup sugar; 2 teaspoons vanilla; 1/8 teaspoon salt; 1 pint premium quality vanilla ice cream; Walnuts, toasted and chopped, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: In a heavy saucepan melt the chocolate with the butter and the corn syrup over moderately low heat. Stirring, add the cream and the sugar, and cook the mixture, stirring, until the sugar is dissolved. Bring the mixture to a boil over moderate heat and boil it, without stirring, for 8 minutes. Remove the pan from the heat and stir in the vanilla and the salt. Scoop ice cream into four serving dishes and pour hot fudge sauce over vanilla ice cream. The sauce keeps, covered and chilled, for 1 month. (Let the sauce cool completely before covering it; any condensation will make it grainy. Reheat th <END>
INPUT: white, soup, navy beans, beef stock, onion, garlic, bay leaves
OUTPUT: TITLE: White Bean and Escarole Soup | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound dried navy beans; 12 cups beef stock; 1 large onion, minced; 3 cloves garlic, minced; 2 bay leaves; 1/4 pound pancetta, cut into 1/4-inch cubes; 1 large head escarole, trimmed; Coarse salt and freshly ground pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Place the bean in a bowl. Add enough water to cover. Let soak overnight. Alternatively, place the beans in saucepan. Add enough water to cover. Bring to a boil over high heat. Boil for 3 minutes. Cover, and remove from heat. Let soak for 1 hour. Drain the beans, discarding the soaking liquid. Transfer beans to a large saucepan. Add stock, onion, garlic, and bay leaves. Simmer until the beans are tender, about 1 hour. Meanwhile, bring a small pot of water to a boil. Add pancetta, and cook for 5 minutes. Drain, and add to the soup after 30 minutes. When beans are cooked, add the escarole. Let si <END>
INPUT: Mexican, corkscrew shaped pasta, sirloin, sweet onion, jalapeno peppers
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chili Mac | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound corkscrew shaped pasta with lines or elbows with lines; 2 pounds ground sirloin; 2 tablespoons (2 turns around the pan in a slow stream) extra-virgin olive oil; 1 sweet onion, chopped; 2 jalapeno peppers, seed and chopped; 4 cloves garlic, chopped; 3 tablespoons (1 1/2 palm fuls) dark chili powder; 2 tablespoons (1 palm ful) cumin; 2 tablespoons cayenne pepper sauce; Coarse salt; 1 cup beer or beef broth; 1 (28-ounce) can diced tomatoes in juice; 1 (14-ounce) can crushed tomatoes; Chopped scallions, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. In a large pot, boil pasta until al dente. Meanwhile, in a big, deep pot, brown beef in oil over medium high heat. Add onions, peppers, and garlic. Season meat mixture with chili powder, cumin, cayenne, and salt. Cook together 5 minutes, stir in beer or broth, and reduce liquid by half, 2 minutes. Stir in tomatoes and simmer for 10 minutes. Drain pasta. Add hot pasta to chili pot and stir to coat pasta evenly. Remove from heat and garnish big bowlfuls of chili mac with chopped scallions. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, mission, burrito, wild rice, water, kosher salt, tomatoes plum tomatoes, Hass avocado
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mission-Style Wild Rice and Bean Burrito | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 cup wild rice; 2 1/3 cups water; 1 teaspoon kosher salt; 2 ripe medium tomatoes or 4 plum tomatoes, cored and diced; 1 Hass avocado, halved, seeded, and diced; 1/2 medium yellow onion, finely diced; 1 to 2 jalapenos, or 1 serrano chile, stemmed and minced (with seeds for maximum heat); 1/3 cup chopped fresh cilantro leaves; 1 teaspoon kosher salt; 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1/2 medium onion, finely chopped; 3 cloves garlic, minced; 1 teaspoon kosher salt; 1 (19-ounce) can pinto beans, rinsed and drained; 4 extra-large (12-inch) whole wheat flour tortillas | INSTRUCTIONS: For the rice: Bring the water to a boil over high heat in a medium saucepan with a tight fitting lid. Stir in the wild rice and 1 teaspoon of the salt. Adjust the heat so the rice simmers gently, cover, and cook until tender but not mushy, 30 to 35 minutes. Remove rice from heat and let stand, covered 10 minutes. Drain remaining liquid and fluff with a fork. Meanwhile, mix all the salsa ingredients in a bowl. Set aside, while making the beans so the flavors come together and the sauce gets juicy. Heat the olive oil in a medium skillet, over medium heat. Add the onion, garlic, and season with t <END>
INPUT: Italian, vegetable oil, marinated bocconcini, eggs, plain fine bread, deep fat
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fried Mozzarella Balls | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: About 5 cups vegetable oil; 1 pound drained marinated bocconcini (small mozzarella balls), patted dry; 3 large eggs, beaten; 1 cup plain fine dry bread crumbs; Equipment: a deep-fat thermometer; Accompaniment: warm homemade or bottled spicy tomato sauce | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat about 11/2 inches oil to 360°F in a 3 1/2-to 4-quart heavy saucepan. Meanwhile, double-coat bocconcini by dipping in eggs, then in bread crumbs, and repeating. Transfer to a sheet of wax paper. Working in batches of 10, lower balls into oil with a slotted spoon and fry, turning occasionally, until golden brown, about 30 seconds per batch. Transfer to paper towels to drain and season with salt. (Return oil to 360°F between batches.) Heat about 11/2 inches oil to 360°F in a 3 1/2-to 4-quart heavy saucepan. Meanwhile, double-coat bocconcini by dipping in eggs, then in bread crumbs, and repea <END>
INPUT: Indian, burgers, sauce, light sugar, cumin, cayenne, kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Masala Burgers with Tangy Tamarind Sauce and Red Onion-Mint Relish | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 1 (14-ounce) package frozen tamarind pulp, thawed (recommended: Goya or La Fe brand); 3/4 cup light brown sugar; 1 teaspoon ground cumin; 1/2 teaspoon ground cayenne; 2 teaspoons kosher salt; 2 ounces fresh ginger, chopped; 2 ounces garlic cloves, chopped; 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil (recommended: Colavita); 2 tablespoons garam masala; 2 teaspoons ground cayenne; 2 teaspoons kosher salt; 2 pounds ground sirloin; 2 cups thinly sliced red onion; 2 medium-sized Roma tomatoes, thinly sliced lengthwise; 1/2 cup chopped fresh mint leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: Prepare a medium-hot fire in a charcoal grill with a cover, or preheat a gas grill to medium-high. For the sauce: Place the thawed pulp in a non-reactive (stainless steel or anodized aluminum) 3-quart fire-proof saucepan. Add the brown sugar, cumin, cayenne, and salt and mix well. Place the pan on the grill and let the mixture simmer for 10 to 15 minutes, stirring occasionally. The mixture will thicken and result in about 1 cup of sauce. Transfer the sauce to a small glass bowl and let it cool.; For the patties: Place the ginger and garlic in the bowl of a food processor. Pulse a few times unt <END>
INPUT: scalloped, dozen Yukon gold, Salt, sharp Cheddar, mozzarella, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Scalloped Potatoes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 dozen small Yukon gold potatoes, quartered; Salt; 8 ounces white sharp Cheddar, grated; 6 ounces mozzarella, grated; Freshly ground black pepper; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, cut into small pieces | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Place the potatoes in large pot of salted water and bring to a boil. Boil the potatoes until just tender, 20 minutes. Drain and transfer to a large baking dish. Top the potatoes with the grated cheeses and season with salt and pepper. Sprinkle the butter over top. Roast in the oven until bubbling and golden brown, about 30 minutes. This recipe was created by a contestant during a cooking competition. The Food Network Kitchens have not tested it for home use, therefore, we cannot make any representation as to the results. <END>
INPUT: tournelle, beef filet, potatoes, butter, light cream, egg yolks
OUTPUT: TITLE: Filet of Beef Tournelle | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 slices beef filet, cut 2-inch-thick; 8 large potatoes; 10 tablespoons butter; 2 tablespoons light cream; 4 egg yolks; Flour, beaten eggs, bread crumbs; Fat for deep frying; Salt, freshly ground black pepper; 2/3 cup Madeira; 2 to 3 truffles, cut in fine julienne; 1 tablespoon glace de viande or beef extracts; Garnish: 4 slices truffle, chopped parsley | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook potatoes in boiling, salted water until tender. Drain and peel. Put through food mill or ricer. Blend in 6 tablespoons butter, cream and one by one, egg yolks, beating well after each addition. Shape mixture into 4 cakes same size as beef slices and 1 1/2-inch to 2-inch thick. Let cool. Dip in flour, brush with beaten egg, dip in bread crumbs and deep fry in hot fat until browned and crisp. Drain on absorbent paper and arrange on hot platter. Keep hot. Sauté beef slices quickly in 4 tablespoons butter until nicely browned on the outside but still rare and juicy in the center-about 5 to 7  <END>
INPUT: Mexican, salsa, size Fuyu persimmons, onion, lime juice, basil, serrano chile
OUTPUT: TITLE: Persimmon Salsa | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 4 small or 3 medium-size firm but ripe Fuyu persimmons, peeled, cut into 1/2-inch cubes (about 1 2/3 cups); 2 tablespoons minced white onion, rinsed, drained; 1 tablespoon plus 1 teaspoon fresh lime juice; 1 tablespoon minced fresh basil; 2 teaspoons minced seeded serrano chile; 2 teaspoons minced fresh mint; 1 teaspoon minced peeled fresh ginger | INSTRUCTIONS: Mix persimmons, onion, lime juice, basil, serrano chile, mint, and ginger in small bowl. Season salsa to taste with salt and pepper. (Salsa can be made 4 hours ahead. Cover and refrigerate. Bring to room temperature before serving.) Mix persimmons, onion, lime juice, basil, serrano chile, mint, and ginger in small bowl. Season salsa to taste with salt and pepper. (Salsa can be made 4 hours ahead. Cover and refrigerate. Bring to room temperature before serving.) <END>
INPUT: pancakes, Idaho potatoes, onion, eggs, Matzo meal, Canola oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Potato Pancakes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 Idaho potatoes, grated finely by hand; 1 medium onion, grated; 1 or 2 eggs, beaten; Matzo meal; Canola oil; Kosher salt to taste; Serve with applesauce | INSTRUCTIONS: In a mixing bowl add eggs to grated potato and onion. Add Matzo meal until pancakes are to desired consistency. In a hot frying pan heat canola oil. Drop a soup-spoonful of the mixture into hot canola oil; flatten with back of spoon. When browned, flip and brown on other side. Transfer pancakes to paper towels to drain. Sprinkle with salt. Keep warm in the oven on a cookie sheet. Serve with applesauce. <END>
INPUT: scalloped, unsalted butter, virgin olive oil, fennel bulbs, Kosher salt, wine vermouth
OUTPUT: TITLE: Scalloped Potatoes with Caramelized Fennel | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, room temperature, divided; 1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil; 2 fennel bulbs (about 1 1/2 pounds), trimmed, quartered, cored, thinly sliced (about 6 cups); Kosher salt, freshly ground pepper; 1/2 cup dry white wine or dry vermouth; 2 bay leaves; 2 1/2 pounds waxy potatoes (such as Yukon Gold), peeled, sliced 1/8" thick; 1 1/2 cups heavy cream; 1 1/2 cups whole milk; 1 garlic clove, halved; 1 cup shredded Comté or Gruyère | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350°F. Coat a 13x9x2" or other 3-quart baking dish with 1 tablespoon butter; set aside. Heat remaining 1 tablespoon butter and oil in a large deep skillet over medium heat. Add fennel; season with salt and pepper and cook, stirring occasionally, until fennel is evenly coated with fat and begins to sizzle, about 2 minutes. Add wine and 1 bay leaf. Cover, reduce heat to medium-low, and cook, stirring occasionally, until fennel is tender, about 20 minutes. Uncover, increase heat to medium-high, and cook, stirring often, until liquid has evaporated and fennel is golden brown and ca <END>
INPUT: Asian, soy sauce, balsamic vinegar, water
OUTPUT: TITLE: Soy-Ginger Sauce | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup soy sauce; 1/4 cup balsamic vinegar; 2 tablespoons water; 1 tablespoon peeled, julienned gingerroot, soaked in ice water | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine all the ingredients in a small bowl. Mix thoroughly and serve. This sauce will keep for up to 1 week in the refrigerator, without the gingerroot. Add the gingerroot when ready to serve.; <END>
INPUT: Italian, panini, pesto, mayonnaise, pre mozzarella
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pesto Chicken Panini | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 (16-ounce) package chicken tenders, rinsed and patted dry; 1/2 cup prepared pesto; 1/2 cup mayonnaise; 1 (16-ounce) loaf ciabatta bread, sliced in half horizontally; 4 slices pre-sliced mozzarella; 1 cup baby arugula or spinach, rinsed and patted dry; 2 tomatoes, sliced; 15 fresh basil leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: In a plastic bag, combine chicken tenders and 1/4 cup of pesto, set aside and let sit for 15 minutes. In a small bowl, stir together 1/4 cup pesto and mayonnaise. Spread mixture on both sides of ciabatta; set aside. Preheat an oiled grill pan over medium-high heat. Grill chicken tenders 5 minutes per side. Remove and let rest for 5 minutes. Turn the heat down to medium and re-oil the grill pan. Place cheese on both halves of bread. Add arugula, then tomato, then basil leaves, then pesto chicken to bottom piece. Top with top half of bread. Place onto the grill pan and place a heavy pan on top o <END>
INPUT: strawberry, shortcakes, heavy cream, sour cream, pure vanilla extract, all purpose flour, granulated sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Coconut-Chocolate Strawberry Shortcakes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup heavy cream, plus more for brushing; 2 tablespoons sour cream; 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract; 2 1/2 cups all-purpose flour; 1/4 cup granulated sugar; 1 tablespoon baking powder; Pinch of salt; 1 stick unsalted butter, cut into 1-inch cubes and frozen; 1 cup semisweet chocolate chips; 1 1/2 cups sweetened shredded coconut; 2 pounds strawberries, hulled and sliced; 1/2 cup packed light brown sugar; 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract; 1 cup heavy cream; 1/2 cup sour cream | INSTRUCTIONS: Make the shortcakes: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper. Whisk the heavy cream, sour cream and vanilla in a small bowl; refrigerate until ready to use. Pulse the flour, granulated sugar, baking powder and salt in a food processor until combined. Add the butter; pulse until the mixture looks like fine meal. Transfer to a large bowl and stir in the chocolate chips and 1 cup shredded coconut. Gently fold in the heavy cream mixture using a rubber spatula until just combined. Divide the dough into 6 pieces on the prepared baking sheet; pat into 3-inch rounds <END>
INPUT: Italian, cream, brittle, nectarines, sugar, lime juice, ricotta, milk
OUTPUT: TITLE: Nectarines with Ricotta-Vanilla Cream and Pine-Nut Brittle | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 3 nectarines (about 1 pound), cut into wedges; 1/2 cup plus 4 teaspoon sugar, divided; 1 teaspoon fresh lime juice; 1/2 pound ricotta (1 cup); 1/4 cup whole milk; 3/4 teaspoon pure vanilla extract; 1/4 cup water; 1/4 cup pine nuts, toasted; 1/4 cup mint leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: Toss nectarines with 1 teaspoon sugar and lime juice in a bowl and let macerate, stirring occasionally, 10 to 15 minutes. Purée ricotta, milk, vanilla, and 3 teaspoon sugar in a blender until smooth. Transfer to a bowl and chill in freezer, stirring halfway through, until slightly thickened, 15 to 20 minutes. Line a 4-sided sheet pan with foil. Bring water and remaining 1/2 cup sugar to a boil in a small heavy saucepan over medium heat, stirring until sugar has dissolved, then wash down any sugar crystals from side of pan with a pastry brush dipped in cold water. Boil, without stirring, swirli <END>
INPUT: fennel seeds, shallots, fennel bulb fronds, salmon fillets
OUTPUT: TITLE: Salmon with Fennel and Pernod | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 teaspoons fennel seeds, crushed; 1/4 cup (1/2 stick) butter, room temperature; 2 tablespoons minced shallots; 1 large fennel bulb with fronds; bulb quartered, then cut lengthwise into 1/4-inch-thick slices; 2 tablespoons fronds chopped, divided; 2 6- to 7-ounce salmon fillets; 2 tablespoons Pernod or other anise-flavored liqueur | INSTRUCTIONS: Stir fennel seeds in large nonstick skillet over medium heat until fragrant, about 1 1/2 minutes. Transfer seeds to small bowl; cool. Mix in butter, shallots, and 1 tablespoon fennel fronds; season butter mixture with salt and pepper. Melt 1 tablespoon butter mixture in same large nonstick skillet over medium heat. Add sliced fennel bulb and 1/4 cup water to skillet; cover and cook until fennel is crisp-tender, about 8 minutes. Uncover skillet and sauté until fennel begins to brown, about 2 minutes. Transfer fennel to plate. Sprinkle salmon with salt and pepper. Add 1 tablespoon butter mixture <END>
INPUT: bruce, cleaned calamari, buttermilk, canola oil enough, all purpose flour, cornstarch
OUTPUT: TITLE: Calamari "Bruce" | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 pounds cleaned calamari, sliced crosswise; 1 cup buttermilk; 1 liter canola oil or enough to deep-fry calamari; 1 1/2 cups all-purpose flour; 3/4 cup cornstarch; 4 teaspoons baking powder; 1 teaspoon salt; 1/4 teaspoon pepper; 8 ounces cold seltzer; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1 large red bell pepper cut brunoise (julienne then crosswire into 1/8-inch pieces); 1 large yellow bell pepper cut brunoise (juliennes then crosswire into 1/8-inch pieces); 1/2 cup oil packed sun-dried tomatoes, drained and sliced; 4 to 5 scallions, white and tender green parts only, sliced on the diagonal; 1-ounce fresh ginger (about a 1 to 1/2-inch piece) peeled and finely diced | INSTRUCTIONS: Toss calamari with buttermilk in a non-reactive bowl, cover and let marinated in the refrigerator for 2 hours. Make topping by heating olive oil over medium heat in a medium skillet. Add peppers, sun-dried tomatoes, scallions, fresh ginger, and wasabi and saute until peppers are tender and flavors integrate. Remove from heat and set aside. Drain marinated calamari through a strainer or colander. Heat canola oil in deep-fryer to 375 degrees F (or as deep-fryer manufacturer directs for similar foods). To make tempura, mix flour, cornstarch, baking powder, and salt and pepper in a bowl. Dredge sl <END>
INPUT: sweet potatoes, Tbs. STAR Balsamic, Tbs. thyme, Tbs. STAR Virgin, Salt pepper taste
OUTPUT: TITLE: Balsamic Sweet Potatoes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 lbs. sweet potatoes; 2 Tbs. STAR Balsamic Vinegar; 1 Tbs. chopped fresh thyme; 3 Tbs. STAR Extra Virgin Olive Oil; Salt and pepper to taste | INSTRUCTIONS: Pierce potatoes in several places with fork. Place on baking sheet and bake at 425 degrees F until soft, about 1 hour, depending on size. When cool enough to handle, peel potatoes and place in large bowl. Add remaining ingredients and mash until smooth.; <END>
INPUT: asparagus, virgin olive oil, kosher salt, pepper, Parmesan
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Asparagus | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 bunches medium asparagus; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt; Freshly ground black pepper; Grated or shaved Parmesan, optional | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F. Trim the woody ends from the asparagus, usually about 1 1/2 inches. Lightly peel the remaining stalks (not always necessary, but more of a personal preference). Spread the spears in a single layer on a baking sheet, drizzle with olive oil, sprinkle with the salt and pepper, and roll to coat thoroughly. Roast the asparagus until lightly browned and tender, about 8 to 10 minutes, giving the pan a good shake about halfway through to turn the asparagus. Arrange the roasted asparagus on a serving platter and top with some Parmesan. Serve warm or at room temperatur <END>
INPUT: Asian, sticky, short grain sushi, coconut milk, kosher salt, safflower oil vegetable, coriander
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sticky Rice with Chicken | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cups short-grain sushi rice, rinsed and drained; 1 cup coconut milk; 1/4 teaspoon kosher salt; 1 teaspoon safflower oil or vegetable oil; 1 1/2 tablespoons ground coriander; 1 tablespoon ground cumin; 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt; 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 1 large clove garlic, minced; 1 large shallot, finely chopped; 3/4 cup coconut milk; 2 tablespoons dark brown sugar; 2 chicken thighs, poached, shredded and chopped; 1 chicken breast, poached, shredded and chopped; 10 Swiss chard leaves, ribs removed to create 2 long halves | INSTRUCTIONS: For the rice: In a medium saucepan, combine the rice, coconut milk, 1 cup water and the salt. Bring to a boil over medium-high heat, then reduce the heat, cover and simmer until the liquid has been absorbed, about 15 minutes. For the chicken filling: Heat the oil in a large nonstick skillet over medium heat. Add the coriander, cumin, salt, black pepper, garlic and shallots and cook, stirring constantly, until the garlic and shallots have softened, about 2 minutes. Stir in the coconut milk and sugar and bring to a boil. Add the chicken and stir to coat with the sauce. Cook, stirring occasionall <END>
INPUT: brown, Brussels sprouts, butter, grain mustard, banyuls vinegar, flat leaf parsley
OUTPUT: TITLE: Brussels Sprouts with Brown Butter and Grain Mustard | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 pounds Brussels sprouts; 1/4 cup butter; 3 heaping tablespoons of whole grain mustard; 2 tablespoons banyuls vinegar, red wine vinegar can substitute; 1/4 cup roughly chopped flat leaf parsley | INSTRUCTIONS: Remove the rough exterior leaves of the Brussels sprouts along with any of the stem and discard. Remove a few layers of the greenish leaves until the yellow starts to show, keep the green leaves separate from the centers. Quarter the centers. Blanch the centers in salted boiling water until just al dente, about 4-5 minutes, and then spread on a large surface pan to cool. Very briefly plunge the green leaves into the water, remove and spread out to cool. To finish the dish, use a fairly large non-reactive and not black-bottomed pan, place the butter in pan and put on a medium to medium-high hea <END>
INPUT: cranberry, pudding, Butter, cubed challa bread, Fuji apples, lemon, dark sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Apple Cranberry Bread Pudding | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Butter; 4 1/2 cups cubed challa bread; 3 cups peeled and diced Fuji apples; 1 lemon, juiced; 1/2 cup dark brown sugar; 1/2 cup dried cranberries; 2 cups half-and-half*; 6 eggs; 1 tablespoon ground cinnamon; 1 teaspoon ground nutmeg; 2 teaspoons vanilla extract; Whipped cream, recipe follows; 1 pint heavy cream; 1 tablespoon orange liqueur (recommended: Grand Marnier); 1 tablespoon powdered sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Grease an 11 by 13-inch baking dish with room temperature butter. Place cubed brioche in the baking dish. Set aside. In a large bowl, combine diced apples with lemon juice, brown sugar and cranberries. Pour over bread. In a large bowl, whisk together half-and-half, eggs, cinnamon, nutmeg and vanilla. Pour custard over bread. Allow to saturate for a few minutes. Bake for 40 minutes until pudding sets. Serve with whipped cream. Place a medium bowl in the freezer for 1 hour before whipping cream. Add heavy cream to chilled bowl and whi <END>
INPUT: virgin olive oil, garlic, lemons, baby artichokes, Kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Salmon With Baby Artichokes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/3 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 6 large cloves garlic, thinly sliced; 3 lemons; 16 baby artichokes; Kosher salt; 1 red onion, cut into thin wedges; Freshly ground pepper; 1 2 1/4-pound salmon fillet (in one piece); 1 1/4 teaspoons fennel seeds, crushed; 1/4 teaspoon red pepper flakes; 3 tablespoons torn fresh parsley | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: Serves: 6; Calories: 422; Total Fat: 23 grams; Saturated Fat: 4 grams; Protein: 40 grams; Total carbohydrates: 15 grams; Sugar: 2 grams; Fiber: 6 grams; Cholesterol: 77 milligrams; Sodium: 270 milligrams Heat the olive oil in a skillet over medium heat. Add the garlic; cook, stirring, until golden. Using a slotted spoon, transfer the garlic to paper towels. Reserve the oil. Fill a pot with cold water. Add the juice of 2 lemons, then add the 2 lemon halves to the pot. Cut off the top inch of an artichoke with a serrated knife. Cut off the stem and snap off the tough outer lea <END>
INPUT: vegetable oil, long grain rice, onion, serrano chiles, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Red Rice | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/3 cup vegetable oil; 3 cups long-grain rice, rinsed*; 1 medium onion, chopped; 5 serrano chiles, or to taste, stemmed and seeded; 2 garlic cloves, chopped; 3/4 cup hot chicken stock, vegetable stock, or water; 3 cups warm Red Tomato Salsa, recipe follows; 2 tablespoons vegetable oil; 1 medium onion, thinly sliced; 4 cups diced canned Italian plum tomatoes; 1 cup tomato juice; 2 garlic cloves, peeled; 1 large jalapeno chile, stemmed, seeded if desired; 1 teaspoon salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Heat the oil in a medium heavy saucepan or skillet over medium-low heat. Saute the rice, stirring constantly, until golden brown and crackling, about 5 minutes. Add the onions and serranos and cook until the onions just soften. Then add the garlic and saute until the aroma is released, about 1 to 2 minutes. Pour in the hot stock or water and warm Red Tomato Salsa, mixing well to combine. Transfer to a 4-quart baking dish or casserole. Cover with foil and bake until the liquid is absorbed and the rice is tender, about 30 to 40 minutes. Stir, remove serrano chi <END>
INPUT: soup, olive oil, Vidalia onion, carrot, garlic, Kosher salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Creamy Tomato and Roasted Pepper Soup | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1 Vidalia onion, chopped; 1 carrot, chopped; 2 cloves garlic, chopped; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 tablespoon tomato paste; 1 (14.5-ounce) can fire-roasted diced tomatoes; 1 (12-ounce) jar roasted red peppers, drained and chopped; 2 1/2 cups chicken broth; 2 teaspoons sugar, optional; 1/2 cup half-and-half; 1/4 cup chopped fresh basil, plus more for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat 2 tablespoons oil in a 2-quart saucepan over medium-high heat. Add onions and carrots and saute until tender, about 5 minutes. Add garlic and saute until just fragrant. Season with salt and pepper. Add tomato paste and cook until toasted, just 1 more minute. Add tomatoes, red peppers, and chicken broth and let simmer for 25 minutes, until the vegetables are tender and the flavors have melded together. Taste for seasoning and add more salt, pepper, and the sugar, if needed. Add half-and-half and basil, and puree using a hand held immersion blender until smooth. Serve in soup bowls with a s <END>
INPUT: American, deep, dish, all purpose flour, salt, unsalted butter, vegetable shortening, ice water
OUTPUT: TITLE: Deep Dish Blueberry Pie | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 10 ounces all-purpose flour; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 11 tablespoons cold unsalted butter (cut into 1-inch pieces); 3 tablespoons cold vegetable shortening (cut into 1-inch pieces); 4 tablespoons ice water, if needed; 8 cups (4 pints) blueberries; 1 cup sugar; 1 tablespoon grated lemon zest; 2 tablespoons blueberry vinegar; 5 tablespoons quick tapioca; 1 teaspoon cinnamon; 1 tablespoon cold unsalted butter, cut into bits; 1 egg beaten for eggwash | INSTRUCTIONS: To make the crust: Combine flour and salt in a large bowl. Add butter and shortening pieces and mix until the pastry clumps together the size of hazelnuts. Add the water a little at a time until the mixture just holds together. Do not overmix. Remove dough to a floured board. Shape the mass into a disk, wrap with plastic and refrigerate for at least 30 minutes. Preheat oven to 425 degrees F. To make the filling: Combine all ingredients except the butter in a large bowl. Transfer mixture to a 9 by 2 inch deep- dish pie pan. Dot with the butter. Roll the dough out to 1-inch larger than the bakin <END>
INPUT: broccoli, garlic, olive oil, panko, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Broccoli with Toasted Garlic Crumbs | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 lb broccoli, trimmed and cut into 2- to 3-inch-wide florets (5 inches long); 4 garlic cloves, very thinly sliced; 1/3 cup olive oil; 2/3 cup panko (Japanese coarse bread crumbs); 1/4 teaspoon black pepper; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 1/2 teaspoon finely grated fresh lemonzest | INSTRUCTIONS: Put 1 inch of water in a 5-quart wide heavy pot, then put a steamer basket inside pot and bring water to a boil. Add broccoli and steam, covered, until just tender, 8 to 10 minutes. Meanwhile, cook garlic in oil in a 12-inch heavy skillet over moderately low heat, stirring occasionally, until pale golden, about 5 minutes. Stir in panko, pepper, and salt, then increase heat to moderate and cook, stirring occasionally, until crumbs are golden, about 3 minutes. Remove from heat and stir in zest. Transfer broccoli with tongs to crumb mixture in skillet and toss to coat. Put 1 inch of water in a 5- <END>
INPUT: Mexican, white, olive oil, onion, carrots, celery, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: White Bean and Pork Chili | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons olive oil; 1 medium onion, chopped; 2 medium carrots, chopped; 2 medium celery stalks, chopped; 2 large garlic cloves, minced; 1 pound pork sirloin cutlets, cut into 1/2-inch dice; Salt and freshly ground pepper; 1 teaspoon chili powder (or to taste); 1/2 teaspoon cumin; 1/2 teaspoon dried oregano, crumbled; 1/8 teaspoon ground sage; 1 cup beef broth; 1 14 1/2-ounce can peeled tomatoes (undrained); 2 15-ounce cans cannellini or Great Northern beans, rinsed and drained; Grated cheddar and/or Monterey Jack cheese | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat 2 tablespoons oil in heavy large saucepan over medium-low heat. Add onion, carrots, celery and garlic and cook until tender, about 10 minutes. Meanwhile, heat remaining 1 tablespoon oil in heavy large skillet over high heat. Pat pork dry. Add to skillet, season with salt and pepper and cook until browned, stirring frequently, approximately 6 minutes. Add pork to vegetables. Blend in chili, cumin, oregano and sage and stir 3 minutes. Add broth to skillet and bring to boil, scraping up any browned bits. Stir into pork mixture. Add tomatoes with liquid and bring to boil. Reduce heat, cover a <END>
INPUT: sauce, olive oil, shallots, garlic, thyme, brandy
OUTPUT: TITLE: Green Peppercorn Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons olive oil; 2 shallots, sliced; 2 cloves garlic, peeled and smashed; 3 sprigs fresh thyme, leaves only; 1 cup brandy; 1 box beef stock; 2 cups cream; 2 tablespoons grainy mustard; 1/2 cup green peppercorns in brine, drained, brine reserved | INSTRUCTIONS: Add olive oil to pan after removing beef. Add shallots, garlic, and thyme; saute for 1 to 2 minutes, then, off heat, add brandy and flambe using a long kitchen match. After flame dies down, return to the heat, add stock and reduce by about half. Strain out solids, then add 2 cups cream and mustard. Reduce by half again, then shut off heat and add green peppercorns. <END>
INPUT: American, skillet, vegetable oil, onion, bell pepper, garlic, Kosher salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Skillet Beef Pie | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons vegetable oil; 1 large onion, finely chopped; 1 large red bell pepper, finely chopped; 4 cloves garlic, finely chopped; Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper; 14 1/2-ounce can diced tomatoes with green chiles; 2 teaspoons ground cumin; 1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1 pound ground beef chuck; 1/2 cup golden raisins; 1/2 cup chopped pimiento-stuffed olives; 1 piece refrigerated pie dough (half of a 14-ounce package) | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Heat the vegetable oil in a 10-inch ovenproof skillet over medium-high heat. Add the onion, bell pepper, garlic and a generous pinch each of salt and pepper. Cook, stirring occasionally, until the vegetables are lightly browned and just tender, about 6 minutes. Add the tomatoes, cumin and cinnamon and cook, stirring occasionally, until thickened, about 5 minutes. Push the vegetables to one side of the skillet and add the beef to the other side; season the beef with salt and pepper. Increase the heat to high and cook, stirring the ingredients together, until t <END>
INPUT: bags spinach leaves, olive oil, salmon fillets skin, shallot, Kalamata olives
OUTPUT: TITLE: Balsamic-Glazed Salmon with Spinach, Olives, and Golden Raisins | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 9-ounce bags spinach leaves; 2 tablespoons olive oil, divided; 2 5-ounce salmon fillets with skin; 1/3 cup chopped shallot (1 very large); 1/3 cup halved pitted Kalamata olives; 1/3 cup golden raisins; 3 tablespoons balsamic vinegar; 1 tablespoon honey | INSTRUCTIONS: Pour a few tablespoons water into heavy large nonstick skillet. Place over medium-high heat. Add 1 bag spinach (skillet will be full). Using 2 wooden spoons, turn and toss spinach until most of leaves are wilted, about 2 minutes. Add remaining spinach leaves in 2 batches. Turn and toss spinach until just wilted but still bright green. Transfer cooked spinach to strainer set over bowl. Wipe skillet dry if necessary. Add 1 tablespoon oil and heat over medium-high heat. Sprinkle salmon with salt and pepper. Place in skillet, skin side up. Sear until brown, about 3 minutes; turn fish. Cook until j <END>
INPUT: Italian, meatball, lasagna, sweet Italian sausage, parsley, virgin olive oil, soppressata, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sausage Meatball Lasagna | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 pounds sweet Italian sausage, casings removed; 1/4 cup chopped fresh parsley; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 4 ounces sliced soppressata, chopped; 1 white onion, chopped; 2 stalks celery, chopped; 2 carrots, chopped; 2 large cloves garlic, chopped; 3 tablespoons tomato paste; 1/4 cup chopped fresh basil; 1/2 cup dry red wine; 3 cups tomato puree (from a 28-ounce can); 1 15-ounce container whole-milk ricotta cheese; 3 large eggs; 1 cup grated parmesan cheese (about 4 ounces) | INSTRUCTIONS: Make the meatballs: Mix the sausage and parsley in a bowl with your hands until combined. Dampen your hands and form the meat into 3/4-inch balls (you should have about 40). Heat the olive oil in a large pot over high heat. Working in batches, add the meatballs and cook, turning, until browned, about 7 minutes. Transfer to a plate using a slotted spoon. Reduce the heat to medium high and add the soppressata, onion, celery, carrots and garlic. Cook, stirring occasionally, until the vegetables are slightly softened, about 6 minutes. Add the tomato paste and basil and cook, stirring, 3 minutes. S <END>
INPUT: crostini, virgin olive oil, garlic, speck bacon, corn, butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Corn Bread Crostini | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Extra-virgin olive oil, for drizzling; 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped; 2 slices speck or bacon, chopped; 3 ears corn, kernels scraped; 1 tablespoon butter; 1/4 cup heavy cream or half-and-half; Kosher salt and freshly ground black or white pepper; 2 scallions, finely chopped; 12 round slices crusty bread or baguette, about 2 to 2 1/2-inches in diameter | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat a drizzle of extra-virgin olive oil in a skillet over medium heat. Add the garlic and speck and cook for 2 minutes, stirring. Add the corn and cook until it's creamy and sweet, about 8 to 10 minutes. Add the butter and cream. Season with salt and pepper and stir in half the scallions. Preheat the broiler, if using, and char the bread under the hot broiler or in an electric panini press. Top the toasts with the corn mixture and garnish with the remaining scallions. <END>
INPUT: American, muffins, all purpose flour, baking soda, salt, sugar, eggs
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lemon Gem Muffins with Cream Cheese | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups all-purpose flour; 1 teaspoons baking soda; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/3 cup sugar; 2 large eggs; 1/2 cup fresh lemon juice; 1 stick (1/2 cup) unsalted butter, melted and cooled; 1 teaspoon vanilla; cream cheese as an accompaniment; Papaya in Cinnamon Syrup as an accompaniment | INSTRUCTIONS: In a bowl whisk together the flour, the baking soda, the salt, and the sugar. In another bowl whisk together the eggs, the lemon juice, the butter, and the vanilla, add the egg mixture to the flour mixture, and stir the batter until it is just combined. Divide the batter among 24 buttered 1/8-cup muffin tins and bake the muffins in the upper third of a preheated 400°F. oven for 10 to 12 minutes, or until a tester comes out clean. Turn the muffins out onto a rack, let them cool, and serve them with the cream cheese and the papaya in cinnamon syrup. In a bowl whisk together the flour, the baking <END>
INPUT: bacon, scallions scallion greens, salt, pepper, russet
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Potatoes with Sour Cream and Bacon | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 bacon slices (6 ounces); 1/2 cup sliced white parts of scallions plus 1/3 cup thinly sliced scallion greens (from 1 bunch); 3/4 teaspoon salt; 1/2 teaspoon black pepper; 6 medium russet (baking) potatoes (2 1/2 pounds); 1 (8-ounce) container sour cream; Special equipment: 12-inch-wide heavy-duty foil | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook bacon in a 12-inch heavy skillet over moderate heat, turning over occasionally, until browned and crisp, 6 to 8 minutes. Transfer bacon to paper towels to drain, then carefully transfer drippings from skillet to a small heatproof bowl and stir in white parts of scallions, salt, and pepper. Put oven rack in middle position and preheat oven to 450°F. Tear off 6 (1-foot-long) sheets of heavy-duty foil. Make deep crosswise cuts in potatoes 1/4 inch apart, leaving bottom 1/4 inch intact (do not cut all the way through). Place each potato on a sheet of foil and drizzle each with 1 tablespoon ba <END>
INPUT: plums, virgin olive oi, balsamic vinegar, sugar, vanilla extract
OUTPUT: TITLE: Balsamic Glazed Grilled Plums with Vanilla Ice Cream | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 ripe plums, California red or dark skinned, halved and pitted; Extra-virgin olive oi , for drizzling; 1/2 cup balsamic vinegar; 1 tablespoon brown sugar; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; 1 tablespoon lemon juice; 1/4 teaspoon ground black pepper; 1 pint vanilla bean ice cream | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat a grill pan to high heat. Drizzle fruit with oil to keep it from sticking and grill plums 3 minutes on each side. While fruit is grilling, pour balsamic vinegar into a small pot and place pot over medium high heat. When vinegar heats to a boil, reduce vinegar by half, 1 to 2 minutes. Combine sugar, vanilla and lemon juice and pepper in a small bowl. Whisk in warm balsamic vinegar. Place hot, grilled fruit on dessert plates. Drizzle the balsamic glaze over fruit and serve. <END>
INPUT: burgers, olive oil, Cajun seasoning, cayenne pepper, turkey
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cajun Turkey Burgers with Cayenne Curly Fries | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 (28-ounce) bag curly fries (recommended: Ore-Ida); 1 tablespoon olive oil; 1 tablespoon Cajun seasoning; 1/2 teaspoon cayenne pepper; 1 1/4 pounds ground turkey; 1 cup frozen chopped onions and bell peppers, thawed; 1/4 cup real bacon pieces; 2 teaspoons Cajun seasoning; 1/2 teaspoon hot sauce; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/2 teaspoon ground black pepper; 4 onion buns; 4 leaves butter lettuce; 4 slices tomato; 4 slices red onion | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. In large bowl combine all ingredients and toss until fries are well coated. Transfer to a baking sheet and bake for 20 minutes or until crispy. In small bowl combine all ingredients and mix until blended. Set aside.; Preheat a grill pan over medium-high heat. In a bowl mix together the ground turkey, onions and bell peppers, bacon pieces, Cajun seasoning, hot sauce, salt, and ground black pepper. Wet hands to prevent sticking, and form 4 patties of equal size. Spray grill pan with cooking spray. Reduce heat to medium and cook patties for 5 to 7 minutes per side o <END>
INPUT: fries, sweet potatoes, celery root, cayenne pepper, Hungarian paprika, Chinese spice powder
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sweet Potato and Celery Root Fries | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 large sweet potatoes; 1 large celery root, peeled; 1 teaspoon cayenne pepper; 1/2 teaspoon Hungarian paprika; 1/2 teaspoon Chinese 5-spice powder; 1/2 teaspoon garlic powder; 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 1 teaspoon salt; 3 tablespoons olive oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat oven to 450 degrees F. Cut potatoes and celery root into 1/2-inch thick matchsticks. In a small bowl, mix together cayenne, paprika, 5-spice powder, garlic powder, black pepper and salt. Spread matchsticks evenly on 2 sheet trays and toss with oil and spice mixture. Roast until golden brown, about 40 minutes, shaking pan occasionally. Serve immediately. <END>
INPUT: cakes, corn, bell pepper, onion, jalapeno
OUTPUT: TITLE: Shrimp Cakes with Peach Jalapeno Relish | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound large peeled, deveined cooked shrimp, diced; 2 cups corn; 1/2 red bell pepper, finely diced; 1 small onion; 1 jalapeno, seeded; 1 cup panko bread crumbs; Dash hot sauce; 1/2 teaspoon chili powder; 2 eggs, beaten; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 tablespoons vegetable oil; Peach Jalepeno Relish, recipe follows; 3 ripe peaches, diced; 1/2 red onion, diced; 1 jalapeno (about 1 1/2 teaspoons), seeded and diced | INSTRUCTIONS: In a food processor, pulse shrimp. Place into a large bowl. Pulse corn, pepper, onion and jalapeno. Remove and drain through a sieve to get rid of extra water that the vegetables may release. Add to bowl along with 1 cup bread crumbs, hot sauce, chili powder and eggs. Stir well together. Form into cakes about 1-inch thick. Place in the refrigerator for 15 minutes to firm up. Heat a large skillet with vegetable oil over medium heat. In a shallow dish, add the remaining 1 cup of panko; add salt and pepper. Bread the cakes in the panko. Add the cakes in batches to the oil, cooking about 4 minutes <END>
INPUT: onions, fennel bulbs, good olive oil, thyme leaves, fennel fronds
OUTPUT: TITLE: Salmon with Fennel | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 5 cups sliced yellow onions, 1/4-inch thick (3 pounds); 5 cups sliced fennel bulbs, 1/4-inch thick (3 pounds); 1/2 cup good olive oil; 3 tablespoons fresh thyme leaves, coarsely chopped; 2 tablespoons coarsely chopped fennel fronds; 1 orange, zested; 2 tablespoons freshly squeezed orange juice; 2 teaspoons kosher salt; 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 1 (10 pound) fresh salmon | INSTRUCTIONS: Have the fishmonger cut the head and tail off the salmon and butterfly it, removing all the bones. You should have about 7 pounds of salmon. Preheat the oven to 500 degrees F. Saute the onions and fennel in the olive oil for 10 minutes on medium-high heat, stirring occasionally. Add the thyme leaves, fennel fronds, orange zest, orange juice, salt, and pepper and saute for 5 more minutes, until the onions and fennel are tender. Taste for salt and pepper. Lay the salmon, skin side down, on a cutting board and sprinkle both sides generously with salt and pepper. Spread the fennel filling over hal <END>
INPUT: Italian, pesto, garlic, Asiago cheese, unsalted natural pistachios
OUTPUT: TITLE: Arugula-Pistachio Pesto | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 garlic clove, peeled; 3/4 cup finely grated Asiago cheese*; 1/3 cup unsalted natural pistachios; 4 cups (packed) baby arugula; 1 tablespoon (or more) fresh lemon juice; 2 teaspoons finely grated lemon peel; 1/4 cup olive oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Finely chop garlic in processor. Add cheese and nuts. Process until nuts are finely chopped. Add arugula, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, and peel. Blend to coarse paste. Blend in oil. Season pesto with salt and pepper and more lemon juice, if desired. Transfer to bowl. Cover and chill up to 3 days. Finely chop garlic in processor. Add cheese and nuts. Process until nuts are finely chopped. Add arugula, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, and peel. Blend to coarse paste. Blend in oil. Season pesto with salt and pepper and more lemon juice, if desired. Transfer to bowl. Cover and chill up to 3 days. <END>
INPUT: piece slab bacon, walnut, salt, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Brussels Sprouts with Bacon | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 (10-ounce) packages Brussels sprouts; 2 ounce piece slab bacon cut into 3/4 inch cubes; 1/2 cup walnut pieces; 1/2 teaspoon salt; Freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F. Wash and then peel off any loose or damaged leaves from the sprouts. Trim the root end and cut each sprout in half. Cook the bacon and walnuts in a large oven-proof skillet over medium heat until bacon just begins to crisp and walnuts are toasted, about 4 minutes. Transfer the bacon and walnuts with a slotted spoon to a bowl and set aside. Add the Brussels sprouts to the skillet and season with salt and pepper. Put the pan in the oven and roast the Brussels sprouts for about 30 minutes, add the bacon and walnuts and continue to roast until the sprouts are cooked  <END>
INPUT: American, gremolata, marinade, garlic, parsley leaves, lime, olive oil, Salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Rib-Eye Steak in Gremolata-Like Marinade | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 8 cloves garlic, chopped; 1 cup chopped parsley leaves (about 1/2 bunch); 1 lime, zested and juiced; 1/4 cup olive oil; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 (1-inch) thick rib-eye steaks; 2 large poblanos; 1/2 cup freshly chopped parsley leaves; 2 limes, zested and juiced; 1/4 cup half-and-half; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 (5-pound) watermelon, peeled, sliced and seeds removed; 1 carton raspberries; 1 cup chopped fresh coconut; 4 ounces feta, crumbled | INSTRUCTIONS: For the rib-eye: Combine all the ingredients and spread half over the top of steaks. Put plastic wrap over steaks and flip to coat other side with remaining gremolata. Wrap and let sit for 30 minutes to 1 hour. (Also can be done using a plastic resealable bag.) Flip steaks once while marinating. Heat grill to medium-high heat. Grill steaks for 4 to 5 minutes on each side for medium-rare. Remove to a serving platter and let rest for at least 10 minutes. For the cream sauce: Grill poblano peppers until they are charred and soft. Remove to a cutting board and chop. Add them to a blender along wit <END>
INPUT: American, open, faced, Basic Flaky Pie, egg, sugar, cornstarch
OUTPUT: TITLE: Open-Faced Apricot Pie | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: Basic Flaky Pie Crust for a 9-inch pie; 1 tablespoon egg white, lightly beaten; 4 cups (halved and pitted) fresh apricots, rinsed; 6 tablespoons sugar; 2 tablespoons cornstarch; 1/2 cup raspberries; 1/2 cup apricot preserves | INSTRUCTIONS: Make the dough: Remove the dough from the refrigerator. If neccessary, allow it to sit for about 10 minutes or until it is soft enough to roll. Using a pastry cloth and sleeve rubbed with flour or two sheetes of plastic wrap lightly sprinkled with flour, roll the dough 1/8 inch thick or less and large enough to cut a 13-inch circle. Use an expandable flan ring or a cardboard template and a sharp knife as a guide to cut out the circle. Transfer the dough to the pie pan, fold under the excess, and crimp the border using a fork or your fingers. Cover it loosely and refrigerate it for at least 1 h <END>
INPUT: stock, gravy, Backbone, nonfat milk powder, carrot, onion, qt. pressure cooker
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pressure-Cooker Turkey Stock for Gravy | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Backbone, breastbone, wing tips, neck, and giblets from a 15-17-pound turkey; 2 tablespoons nonfat dry milk powder (not instant; optional); 1 large carrot, coarsely chopped; 1 large onion, coarsely chopped; A 6-qt. pressure cooker | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 400°F. Cut turkey backbone and breastbone into pieces. Place backbone and breastbone pieces, wing tips, neck, and giblets in a roasting pan. Sprinkle with milk powder, if using, and toss to coat. Roast, stirring once halfway through, until turkey pieces are dark golden brown, 40–50 minutes. Transfer turkey pieces to pressure cooker. Add carrot, onion, and 9 cups water. Seal pressure cooker according to manufacturer's instructions and cook on high pressure 1 1/2 hours. Manually release pressure and let cool 30 minutes. Pour turkey stock through a fine-mesh sieve into a large bow <END>
INPUT: American, straws, puff pastry, All purpose flour, egg, sharp cheddar cheese, parmesan cheese
OUTPUT: TITLE: Classic Cheese Straws | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 17-ounce package frozen puff pastry, thawed but still cold; All-purpose flour, for dusting; 1 large egg; 1 cup shredded sharp cheddar cheese (about 4 ounces); 1/2 cup grated parmesan cheese (about 1 ounce); Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Unfold the puff pastry sheets on a lightly floured surface. Beat the egg with 1 tablespoon water; generously brush on the pastry sheets (reserve the remaining egg wash). Combine the cheddar, parmesan, 1/2 teaspoon salt and 1/4 teaspoon pepper in a medium bowl. Sprinkle the cheese mixture over 1 pastry sheet, then place the other pastry sheet on top, egg wash-side down, lining up the edges. Lightly dust the pastry with flour; firmly press the top sheet down, then roll out the sandwiched pastry sheets into a 10-by-12-inch rectangle. Line 2 baking sheets with parchment paper. Cut the puff pastry  <END>
INPUT: Italian, vine ripened tomatoes, ball bufula mozzarella, Salt, pepper, olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mozzarella Tomato Salad | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 2 medium to small vine-ripened tomatoes; 1 small ball bufula mozzarella (approximately 4 ounces); Salt; Black pepper; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 2 tablespoons balsamic vinegar; 2 tablespoons chiffonade basil; Black and Green Olive Tapenade with Crostini, recipe follows; Roasted Beet napoleon, see recipe file; Chino Chopped Vegetable Salad, see recipe file; Crostini, recipe follows; 1 cup Nicoise olives, pitted; 1 cup small green French olives (Picholine), pitted; 1/4 cup oven-dried tomatoes, drained, recipe follows; 1 tablespoon capers | INSTRUCTIONS: Slice the tomatoes into 1/4 inch thickness. Drain cheese of any excess water and slice into 1/4-inch slices. Set aside. Chiffonade basil. Arrange the tomato and cheese slices so they over lap each other. Season with salt and pepper and drizzle with the olive oil and balsamic vinegar. Top with the basil. Serve with crostini, Roasted Beet Napoleon and Chino Chopped Vegetable Salad. In a food processor, combine all the ingredients, except the olive oil and crostini. Using the pulse button, process until coarsely chopped and well blended. Continue to process, slowly adding the olive oil. Refrigera <END>
INPUT: Indian, angry, Spicy Yogurt Marinade, chicken stock, assorted long hot, grapeseed oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Angry Chicken | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 2 (3 1/2 to 4 pound) chickens quartered; Spicy Yogurt Marinade, recipe follows; 2 cups chicken stock; 24 assorted long fresh hot green and red chile peppers; 2 tablespoons grapeseed oil, or other vegetable oil; 1 bunch Fried Rice Noodles, recipe follows; Lime wedges, for serving; 1/2 teaspoon black peppercorns; 1/2 teaspoon cumin seeds; 1/4 teaspoon coriander seeds; 1/4 teaspoon cardamom seeds; 1 teaspoon chili powder; 1/2 teaspoon garam masala; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1 1/2 cups hot sauce (recommended: Frank's) | INSTRUCTIONS: This is one of the most popular dishes on my menu. I have a restaurant in Mumbai, so I visit India often, and here you can see how I've been influenced by one of my favorite Indian dishes: Tandoori chicken. The bird is first marinated in spiced yogurt before being roasted in a very hot oven. For garnish, I make a zesty sauce from the marinade and serve the pieces of chicken with whole grilled fresh chiles. The secret ingredient here is the hot sauce. I always use Frank's, a Louisiana-based sauce with a distinct red pepper flavor, which is neither as hot nor as sharp as other brands. As a resul <END>
INPUT: American, corkscrew elbow macaroni, basil leaves, smoked salmon, bread crumbs, heavy cream
OUTPUT: TITLE: Smoked Salmon Mac and Cheese | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 pounds corkscrew or elbow macaroni, cooked; 1/2 cup basil leaves, chopped; 6 ounces smoked salmon; 1/2 cup bread crumbs plus 1/2 to 2/3 cup; 1 cup heavy cream; 3 tablespoons Dijon mustard; 1 box cream cheese, at room temperature; Salt and pepper, to taste; 1/2 cup Parmesan cheese, freshly grated; 1/2 stick melted butter; 3 tablespoons parsley leaves, chopped; 2 tomatoes, sliced | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 420 degrees. In a bowl, mix together macaroni, basil, smoked salmon, and bread crumbs. In a blender combine cream, mustard and cream cheese, season with a pinch salt and pepper. A little additional water may be added if mixture is too thick. When thoroughly combined, toss into macaroni mixture. In a separate bowl, combine Parmesan cheese, 1/2 cup bread crumbs, butter and parsley. If mixture is too wet add additional breadcrumbs. In a gratin dish, arrange tomato slices to cover the bottom of pan. Spoon macaroni mixture into gratin dish. Top with bread crumb/ Parmesan topping. Ba <END>
INPUT: Mexican, taco, cauliflower, virgin olive oil, cumin seeds, kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Cauliflower Taco | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 head cauliflower (purple, orange, white or green); 1/3 cup extra-virgin olive oil; Generous teaspoon of whole cumin seeds; 1 teaspoon kosher salt; 1 warm, fresh Homemade Corn Tortilla, recipe follows; 1 tablespoon crumbled feta cheese; Drizzle of plain Greek yogurt mixed with chipotles in adobo; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh mint; Micro-greens, for garnish; 2 cups masa; Pinch kosher salt; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 2 cups water | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: a tortilla press Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with parchment. Cut the cauliflower into bite-size florets, but for this vegetable, no need to make them all even in size. The smaller ones get more blistery, the bigger ones retain more texture. Put the florets in a bowl and toss with the olive oil, cumin seeds and salt. Generously coat, no need to skimp on flavor! Roast for 20 to 25 minutes, turning once, until the cauliflower is tender and it's edges are golden brown. To serve, fill a tortilla with approximately 1/3 cup of the roasted cauliflower. Top <END>
INPUT: knish, all purpose flour, virgin olive oil, seltzer, apple cider vinegar, Kosher salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spinach Potato Knish | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cups all-purpose flour, plus more for dusting; 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, plus more for brushing; 1/4 cup plus 2 tablespoons cold seltzer; 2 teaspoons apple cider vinegar; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 1/2 pounds medium russet potatoes (about 3); Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; One 16-ounce bag frozen whole or cut-leaf spinach, thawed; 4 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, plus more for brushing; 2 medium yellow onions, small dice (about 2 1/2 cups); 4 cloves garlic, minced; 1/4 cup heavy cream, warmed; Spicy mustard, for serving | INSTRUCTIONS: For the dough: Put the flour in the bowl of a food processor. Pulse as you pour the oil through the feed tube. Scrape down the sides of the processor and pulse again. Combing the seltzer and vinegar in a measuring cup. Add 1 teaspoon salt and stir to dissolve. Pulse as you pour the liquid through the feed tube into the flour mixture, 20 to 30 seconds. Turn the dough out onto a floured surface and knead until smooth, about 1 minute. Flatten into a disk, wrap in plastic wrap and refrigerate at least 2 hours. For the filling: Put the potatoes in a saucepan, cover with water and season the water l <END>
INPUT: sticky, shiitakes, steamed glutinous rice, garlic, ginger, Salt pepper taste
OUTPUT: TITLE: Shiitake Sticky Rice | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups sliced shiitakes; 3 cups steamed glutinous rice, recipe below; 1 tablespoon minced garlic; 1 tablespoon minced ginger; Salt and black pepper to taste; 1 pound glutinous rice (2 1/4 cups); 1 large banana leaf or cheesecloth | INSTRUCTIONS: In a hot pan, saute garlic and ginger in a little canola oil. Check for seasoning. Add shiitakes and cook until soft. In a bowl, mix hot rice with shiitakes. Form triangles with hands.; 1 pound glutinous rice (2 1/4 cups) 1 large banana leaf or cheesecloth Wash rice until water is clear. Cover rice with cold water and vanilla extract and soak overnight. Drain rice and place in steamer lined with banana leaf or cheesecloth. If using leaf, make sure there is a 2 to 3-inch circle in the middle and small holes punched out. This will allow steam to pass through the leaf. Steam on high heat for 45 m <END>
INPUT: caramels, heavy cream, unsalted butter, flaky salt, granulated sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Salt and Pepper Caramels | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Nonstick cooking spray; 1 cup heavy cream; 4 tablespoons unsalted butter; 2 teaspoons flaky salt; 1 1/2 cups granulated sugar; 1/4 cup corn syrup; 1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract; 4 teaspoons mixed peppercorns, coarsely crushed | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: a candy thermometer Line an 8-inch square baking dish with parchment paper, leaving some paper hanging over the edges of the dish. Spray the parchment and the exposed sides of the dish with cooking spray. Combine the cream, butter and 1 1/2 teaspoons salt in a small pot over medium heat until the butter melts; remove from the heat and set aside. Combine the sugar, corn syrup and 1/4 cup water in a large saucepan over medium heat and cook, swirling occasionally, until the syrup is medium-amber colored and registers 310 to 320 degrees F on a candy thermometer. Remove from the  <END>
INPUT: wellington, beef tenderloin, pepper, Pepperidge Farm® Puff, egg, water
OUTPUT: TITLE: Beef Wellington | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 beef tenderloin (2 to 2 1/2 pounds); Ground black pepper (optional); 1/2 of a 17.3-ounce package Pepperidge Farm® Puff Pastry Sheets (1 sheet), thawed; 1 egg; 1 tablespoon water; 1 tablespoon butter; 2 cups finely chopped mushrooms; 1 medium onion, finely chopped (about 1/2 cup) | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat the oven to 425 degrees F. Place the beef into a lightly greased roasting pan. Season with the black pepper, if desired. Roast for 30 minutes or until a meat thermometer reads 130 degrees F. Cover the pan and refrigerate for 1 hour. Heat the oven to 425 degrees F. Beat the egg and water in a small bowl with a fork or whisk. Heat the butter in a 10-inch skillet over medium-high heat. Add the mushrooms and onion and cook until the mushrooms are tender and all the liquid is evaporated, stirring often. Unfold the pastry sheet on a lightly floured surface. Roll the pastry sheet into a rectangl <END>
INPUT: American, salad, endive, candied pecans peanuts, Maytag cheese, balsamic vinegar, olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Endive Salad with Candied Pecans and Maytag Blue Cheese | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 bunches endive, leaves separated and rinsed well; 1 cup candied pecans or peanuts; 1/4 cup Maytag blue cheese, crumbled; 3 tablespoons balsamic vinegar; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard; Salt; Freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Arrange endive leaves on a serving platter. Top with candied nuts and blue cheese. In a small bowl or jar, combine vinegar, oil and mustard. Whisk or shake jar to combine. Season, to taste, with salt and black pepper. Drizzle mixture over salad and serve. <END>
INPUT: sauce, pear nectar, wine, sugar, slightly under pears, bittersweet
OUTPUT: TITLE: Poached Pears with Chocolate-Pear Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup pear nectar; 1 cup dry white wine; 1/2 cup sugar; 4 slightly under-ripe pears, peeled, halved, cored; 4 ounces bittersweet (not unsweetened) or semisweet chocolate, chopped; Vanilla ice cream | INSTRUCTIONS: Stir pear nectar, white wine and sugar in heavy large saucepan over medium-high heat until sugar dissolves and syrup comes to boil. Add pears to syrup in saucepan. Cover pan, reduce heat to medium-low and simmer until pears are tender, about 8 minutes. Using slotted spoon, transfer pears to plate. Increase heat to medium-high and boil poaching liquid until reduced to 3/4 cup, about 8 minutes. Remove pan from heat. Add chocolate; whisk until chocolate melts and sauce is smooth. Place 1 warm pear half, cut side up, on each plate. Top with vanilla ice cream and warm chocolate sauce. Or cover pear <END>
INPUT: duck breasts, Kosher salt, pomegranate molasses, bundle thyme, pomegranate seeds
OUTPUT: TITLE: Seared Duck Breast with Pomegranate Molasses | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 duck breasts, skin scored into a crosshatch pattern; Kosher salt; 2 cups pomegranate molasses; 1 bundle fresh thyme; 1 cup pomegranate seeds | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Season the duck breasts generously with salt. Place both duck breasts in a saute pan large enough to accommodate without crowding. Bring the pan to a medium-low heat to render the fat from the duck. Periodically remove the fat as a lot of it begins accumulate in the saute pan. This is a low and slow process, about 20 to 25 minutes. Once the fat has rendered and the duck skin is crispy and brown, once again remove the excess fat from the pan. Turn the heat up to medium-high and flip the duck to sear the bottom. Once the bottom is brown turn the duck so skin side i <END>
INPUT: balls, pecans, vanilla wafers, unsweetened Dutch processed, confectioners' sugar, light corn syrup
OUTPUT: TITLE: Bourbon Balls | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup pecans; 8 ounces vanilla wafers, enough to make 2 cups; 1/2 cup unsweetened Dutch-processed cocoa, divided; 1 cup confectioners' sugar, divided; 1/4 cup light corn syrup; 1/4 cup bourbon | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat oven to 325 degrees F. Spread the pecans on a cookie sheet, and place in the oven for 3 minutes. For even toasting, turn the tray, front to back. Toss the nuts with a metal spatula and bake for another 3 minutes. You'll know they're done when they give off their fragrant aroma, and be sure to check them so they don't become overbaked or charred. In a food processor, chop the vanilla wafers into crumbs. Add the pecans and process just until they are finely chopped. In a medium bowl, mix together the crumb-pecan mixture, 1/4 cup of the cocoa, and 1/4 cup of <END>
INPUT: Asian, lemongrass, soy sauce, Thai bird chilies, chili flakes, turmeric
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spicy Lemongrass Tofu | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 2 lemongrass stalks, outer layers peeled, bottom white part thinly sliced and finely chopped (about 1/4 cup); 1 1/2 tablespoons soy sauce; 2 teaspoons chopped Thai bird chilies or another fresh chili; 1/2 teaspoon dried chili flakes; 1 teaspoon ground turmeric; 2 teaspoons sugar; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 12 ounces tofu, drained, patted dry and cut into 3/4-inch cubes; 4 tablespoons vegetable oil; 1/2 yellow onion, cut into 1/8-inch slices; 2 shallots, thinly sliced; 1 teaspoon minced garlic; 4 tablespoons chopped roasted peanuts; 10 la lot, or pepper leaves, shredded, or 2/3 cup loosely packed Asian basil leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. Combine the lemongrass, soy sauce, chilies, chili flakes, turmeric, sugar and salt in a bowl. Add the tofu cubes and turn to coat them evenly. Marinate for 30 minutes. 2. Heat half of the oil in a 12-inch nonstick skillet over moderately high heat. Add the onion, shallot and garlic and stir until fragrant, about 1 minute. Reduce the heat to low and cook until the onions are soft, about 3 minutes. Transfer to a plate and keep warm. 3. Wipe the pan clean and heat the remaining oil over moderate heat. Add the tofu mixture and, using chopstick or wooden spoons, turn so it cooks evenly, about 4  <END>
INPUT: American, butternut, cheese, macaroni lines, Salt, virgin olive oil, butter, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Butternut Squash Mac and Cheese | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound macaroni with lines, such as tubatini or mini penne rigate; Salt; 1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil, 1 turn of the pan; 2 tablespoons butter; 1/2 medium onion; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh thyme leaves, plus a few sprigs for garnish; 3 tablespoons all-purpose flour; 2 cups chicken stock; 1 (10 ounce) box frozen cooked butter nut squash, defrosted; 1 cup cream or half-and-half; 2 cups (8 ounces) sharp Cheddar, grated; 1/2 cup grated Parmigiano-Reggiano, a couple of handfuls; 1/4 teaspoon ground nutmeg, eyeball it; Black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Heat a pot of water to boil for the pasta. Salt the water then add the pasta and cook to al dente or, with a bite to it. While pasta cooks, heat a medium heavy bottomed pot over medium heat. Add the extra-virgin olive oil and butter. When the butter melts into the oil, add the thyme and grate the onion directly into the pot with a hand held grater or Microplane. Cook the grated onion in butter and oil 1 to 2 minutes, then add flour and cook together 1 to 2 more minutes. Whisk in stock, then combine with butternut squash until warmed through and smooth. Stir in cr <END>
INPUT: egg yolks, sugar, heavy cream, Grape Nuts, vanilla
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grape-Nuts Ice Cream | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 large egg yolks; 2/3 cup sugar; 3 cups heavy cream; 1 cup Grape-Nuts; 1 1/2 teaspoons vanilla | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large metal bowl with an electric mixer beat together yolks and sugar until pale yellow and thick. In a metal bowl set over a pan of simmering water heat 2 cups heavy cream until warm. Add warm cream to yolk mixture in a slow stream, whisking constantly. Set bowl with custard over simmering water and cook, stirring constantly with a wooden spoon, until a thermometer registers 170°F. Remove bowl from heat and stir in remaining cup cream. Chill custard until cold, about 1 hour. Add Grape-Nuts and vanilla to custard and freeze in an ice-cream maker. Transfer ice cream to an airtight containe <END>
INPUT: American, filling, parsley leaves, shallots, unsalted butter, curry powder
OUTPUT: TITLE: Endive with Shrimp Filling | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons fresh parsley leaves; 2 shallots, peeled and quartered; 1 tablespoon unsalted butter; 1 teaspoon curry powder; 1/4 pound cooked, peeled and deveined shrimp; 4 ounces low-fat cream cheese, cut into 1-inch pieces; 2 -3 Belgian Endive | INSTRUCTIONS: Using the metal blade of your Food Processor, place parsley in work bowl and process until finely chopped; remove and reserve. Add shallot and pulse to chop finely, about 10 pulses. Heat butter in a Cuisinart nonstick skillet over medium heat. Add shallot and cook, stirring, until golden brown, about 5 to 6 minutes. Add curry powder and cook, stirring, 1 minute. Set aside to cool. Add shrimp to work bowl; pulse to finely chop, about 5 times. Remove and reserve. Process cream cheese until smooth, about 15 seconds; scrape work bowl. Add parsley, cooled shallot mixture, and chopped shrimp. Pulse  <END>
INPUT: Indian, uncooked shrimp, onion, curry powder, whipping cream
OUTPUT: TITLE: Shrimp Curry with Rice | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons (1/4 stick) butter; 1 1/4 pounds uncooked large shrimp, peeled, deveined; 1 cup chopped onion; 1 tablespoon curry powder; 3/4 cup whipping cream; 3/4 cup bottled clam juice; 3 tablespoons mango chutney; Cooked white rice; Chopped green onions | INSTRUCTIONS: Melt 1 tablespoon butter in heavy large skillet over medium-high heat. Sprinkle shrimp with salt and pepper. Add shrimp to skillet and sauté until almost opaque in center, about 2 minutes. Using slotted spoon, transfer shrimp to bowl. Add remaining 1 tablespoon butter to skillet. Add onion and sauté 3 minutes. Sprinkle with curry powder. Stir until onion is tender, about 1 minute longer. Add cream, clam juice and chutney. Boil until sauce is thick enough to coat spoon, stirring occasionally, about 8 minutes. Return shrimp and any collected juices to skillet. Cook until shrimp are just opaque i <END>
INPUT: parfait, six stainless steel, Vegetable oil, smoked salmon, salmon caviar, caviar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Caviar and Salmon Parfait | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 six-inch stainless steel pastry ring without top or bottom; Vegetable oil; 1/2 pound smoked salmon; 8 ounces salmon caviar; 8 ounces black caviar (American sturgeon or better if budget allows); 1 pint sour cream; 2 ounces fresh dill; Watercress to garnish; 1 package rye crisp, Melba toast or other thin, crisp bread | INSTRUCTIONS: Drain the sour cream overnight in a cheesecloth-lined sieve, mix dill into sour cream. Coat the inside of the pastry ring with a thin coating of vegetable oil and place the pastry ring in the center of a decorative serving platter. Fill the bottom of the ring with smoked salmon that is thinly sliced and layer it into one even layer. Spoon a thin layer of dill cream onto the salmon. Top with an even layer of salmon caviar, being careful not to break any of the eggs. Top with dill cream. Finish with a layer of black caviar and dollop with dill cream. Chill in ring for 1 hour or more before servi <END>
INPUT: garlicky, apple cider, ketchup, apple cider vinegar, grain mustard, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Garlicky Smoked Shrimp | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup apple cider; 1 cup ketchup; 1/2 cup apple cider vinegar; 2 tablespoons whole-grain mustard; 2 tablespoons brown sugar; 2 teaspoons Worcestershire sauce; 1 teaspoon smoked paprika; 1/2 teaspoon dry mustard; 2 pounds medium shrimp, tail on, peeled and deveined; 1/4 cup olive oil; 1/4 cup fresh flat-leaf parsley leaves, roughly chopped; 1/4 cup dry sherry; 2 teaspoons lemon zest; 1/4 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes; 4 cloves garlic, minced | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: stovetop smoker 2 tablespoons smoking oak sawdust chips For the bbq sauce: Simmer the apple cider in a medium saucepan over medium-high heat until reduced by half, about 10 minutes. Add the ketchup, apple cider vinegar, mustard, sugar, Worcestershire, paprika and dry mustard. Bring to a simmer and cook until thickened, about 30 minutes. For the shrimp: Place the shrimp in a resealable plastic bag. Combine the oil, parsley, sherry, lemon zest, red pepper flakes, garlic and shallots in a spouted measuring cup. Pour the mixture over the shrimp. Seal the bag, squeezing out as mu <END>
INPUT: cloves, garlic, up chicken, Salt pepper, olive oil, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken Braised with 20 Cloves of Garlic | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 large heads garlic; 1 cut-up chicken, about 3 pounds; Salt and freshly ground pepper; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1 small onion, chopped; 1/3 cup dry white wine; 1 teaspoon dried thyme; 2/3 cup chicken broth; 1 teaspoon cornstarch (optional) | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring a small saucepan of water to a boil. Separate head of garlic into individual cloves. Add to boiling water and cook 1 1/2 minutes, or until skin peels off easily. Drain and rinse briefly under cold running water. Peel garlic cloves. Trim any pieces of fat or extra skin from chicken; rinse pieces and pat dry. Season liberally with salt and pepper. In a large skillet, heat oil over medium-high heat. Add chicken, skin side down, and saute until skin is nicely browned, 8 to 10 minutes. Carefully holding lid against pan, pour off all but a thin film of fat. Turn chicken over and sprinkle onion <END>
INPUT: olive oil, lemon juice, thyme leaves, coarse kosher salt, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Veal Chops with Roasted Shallots, Arugula, and Soft Polenta | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup olive oil, divided; 1/2 cup fresh lemon juice; 1/4 cup fresh thyme leaves; 1 tablespoon coarse kosher salt; 1 tablespoon ground black pepper; 4 1 3/4-inch-thick veal rib chops (each about 12 ounces), frenched; 18 small shallots, peeled, halved; 1/4 cup balsamic vinegar; 1 12-ounce package grape tomatoes; 1/3 cup drained capers plus 1 tablespoon caper brine reserved from jar; Soft Polenta; 4 cups arugula | INSTRUCTIONS: Whisk 3/4 cup oil and lemon juice in small bowl to blend. Mix thyme, salt, and pepper in another small bowl. Rub thyme mixture all over veal chops; place in glass baking dish. Pour oil-lemon marinade over; let stand 15 minutes. Preheat oven to 450°F. Combine shallots, vinegar, and remaining 1/4 cup oil in medium roasting pan; toss to coat. Sprinkle with salt and pepper. Roast until shallots are browned and tender, about 15 minutes. Add tomatoes to shallots and roast until tomatoes are soft and browned, stirring occasionally, about 15 minutes longer. Remove pan from oven. Add capers and 1 table <END>
INPUT: mashed, Yukon Gold potatoes, Kosher salt, buttermilk, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mashed Potatoes with Buttermilk, Black Pepper and Green Onion | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 pounds Yukon Gold potatoes, peeled and cut into 2-inch dice; Kosher salt; 1 stick (8 tablespoons) unsalted butter, cut into pieces; 2 1/2 to 3 cups buttermilk; Coarsely ground black pepper; 2 green onions, green and pale green parts only, thinly sliced | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Put the potatoes in a large pot and cover with cold water by 2 inches. Add 2 tablespoons salt, bring to a boil, and cook until the potatoes are fork tender, about 25 minutes. Drain well. While potatoes are cooking, combine the butter and buttermilk in a small saucepan and bring to a simmer. Working in batches, pass the cooked potatoes through a food mill set over a pot (or just use a potato masher!). Stir the hot buttermilk mixture into the potatoes until they are smooth and creamy. Season generously with pepper and add more salt as needed. Stir in the green onio <END>
INPUT: vinaigrette, shallot, Sherry vinegar, poppy seeds, Dijon mustard, orange zest
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Beets with Burrata and Poppy Seed Vinaigrette | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 small shallot, finely chopped; 2 tablespoons Sherry vinegar; 2 teaspoons poppy seeds; 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard; 1 teaspoon finely grated orange zest; 1/4 cup vegetable oil; 5 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, divided; Kosher salt, freshly ground pepper; 1 1/2 pounds mixed baby beets (any color), trimmed, divided; 1 bunch scallions, root ends trimmed; 1 pound burrata or fresh mozzarella, cut into 8 wedges | INSTRUCTIONS: Whisk shallot, vinegar, poppy seeds, mustard, and orange zest in a medium bowl. Whisk in vegetable oil, then 2 tablespoons olive oil; season with salt and pepper. Set vinaigrette aside. Peel and thinly slice 1 beet; set aside. Prepare a grill for medium heat. Toss remaining beets with 2 tablespoons olive oil in a medium bowl; season with salt and pepper. Grill beets, covered, turning occasionally, until tender, 30-35 minutes. Transfer beets to a plate and let cool. Meanwhile, toss scallions with remaining 1 tablespoon olive oil; season with salt and pepper. Grill scallions, turning occasionall <END>
INPUT: Italian, thin, alla, chitarra pasta, olive oil, garlic, porcini mushrooms, heavy cream
OUTPUT: TITLE: Thin Pasta with Mushrooms: Pasta alla Chitarra con Fungi | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound chitarra pasta (substitute with spaghetti); 2 tablespoons olive oil; 2 garlic cloves, crushed; 4 cups diced porcini mushrooms; 6 ounces heavy cream; 1 tablespoon truffle paste; Salt and pepper; Parmesan, grated | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook chitarra pasta or spaghetti according to package directions. Do not rinse pasta with cold water. In a large skillet, heat the olive oil, and add the crushed garlic. Heat the garlic in the oil for a few seconds to infuse the flavor of the garlic in the oil. Remove the garlic, and set aside. Add the porcini mushrooms to the skillet, and cook for approximately 5 minutes, or until tender. Add the heavy cream, truffle paste, pepper, and cook for 2 minutes. Add the cooked pasta to the skillet and mix all ingredients together. To serve, plate pasta, and sprinkle with grated Parmesan. <END>
INPUT: herb, gremolata, vine tomatoes, Salt pepper, parsley tops, garlic, lemons
OUTPUT: TITLE: Vine Ripe Tomatoes Stuffed with Herb and Almond Gremolata | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 yellow or red vine ripe tomatoes; Salt and pepper; 1 1/2 cups fresh parsley tops, the yield of 1 large bundle; 1 clove garlic, cracked away from skin; 2 lemons, zested; 1 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes; 1 teaspoon coarse salt; 2 to 3 tablespoons rosemary, a few sprigs, leaves stripped from stems; 1/2 cup sliced almonds, 4 ounces, a couple of handfuls; 1 tablespoon red wine vinegar, a splash; 1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil, a good drizzle | INSTRUCTIONS: Cut the tops of the tomatoes and seed with a spoon to hull them completely of seeds and liquid. Season the inside of the tomatoes with salt and pepper. Place parsley in a food processor. Add garlic, lemons zest, red pepper flakes, salt, rosemary almonds, vinegar and oil to the processor. Pulse grind the mixture to combine. Stuff 1/4 of the gremolade into each tomato and serve. <END>
INPUT: zipper, back, tiger shrimp, thyme, rosemary, basil, Juice from half
OUTPUT: TITLE: Zipper Back Shrimp and Nova Scotia Lobster with Potato, Leek and Gooseberry Hash | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 black tiger shrimp; Pinch thyme; Pinch rosemary; Pinch basil; Juice from half a lemon; Salt and pepper to taste; 1 2-pound Nova Scotia lobster; 1-ounce Yukon gold potatoes, brunoise; 1-ounce organic purple potatoes, brunoise; 2 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil; 1 garlic clove, finely sliced; 1-ounce wild leek, julienne; 4 tablespoons gooseberry, concasse; 1 teaspoon thyme, rough chop; 1 teaspoon rosemary | INSTRUCTIONS: For the Zipper Back Shrimp: Skewer shrimp and season with herbs, lemon juice and salt and pepper. Place on hot grill for approximately 2 minutes on each side, or until pink and firm. Set aside. For the Nova Scotia Lobster: Steam lobster. Crack shells and remove meat from claws and tail. Set aside. For the Potato, Leek and Gooseberry Hash: Preheat oven to 325 degrees. Steam potatoes until fork tender. In a saute pan, add oil and garlic. Saute until golden. Add potatoes, saute until incorporated. Add leek, gooseberry concasse, herbs, salt and pepper. In ramekin, line with spinach. Spoon hash int <END>
INPUT: Mexican, cabbage, dressing, orange juice concentrate, unseasoned rice vinegar, canola oil vegetable, corn
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cabbage and Corn Slaw with Cilantro and Orange Dressing | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1/3 cup frozen orange juice concentrate, thawed; 1/3 cup unseasoned rice vinegar; 1/3 cup canola oil or vegetable oil; 2 (8-ounce) bags coleslaw mix; 4 ears of fresh corn, shucked, kernels cut from cob; 2 medium carrots, peeled, coarsely grated; 1 medium red bell pepper, stemmed, cored, cut into thin strips; 6 medium green onions, thinly sliced; 1/2 cup chopped fresh cilantro | INSTRUCTIONS: Whisk orange juice concentrate, rice vinegar, and canola oil in small bowl. Season with salt and pepper. DO AHEAD Dressing can be made 1 day ahead. Cover and refrigerate. Combine slaw mix, corn kernels, carrots, red bell pepper strips, sliced green onions, and chopped cilantro in large bowl. Toss with enough dressing to coat. Season slaw to taste with salt and pepper. Let stand 15 minutes for flavors to blend. Toss again and serve. Whisk orange juice concentrate, rice vinegar, and canola oil in small bowl. Season with salt and pepper. DO AHEAD Dressing can be made 1 day ahead. Cover and refrig <END>
INPUT: Mexican, salad, beets, golden beets, blood oranges, navel orange, lemon juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Blood Orange, Beet, and Fennel Salad | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2 medium red beets, tops trimmed; 2 medium golden beets, tops trimmed; 3 blood oranges; 1 medium navel orange (preferably Cara Cara); 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice; 1 tablespoon fresh lime juice; 1/2 small fennel bulb, very thinly sliced crosswise on a mandoline; 1/4 red onion, very thinly sliced on a mandoline (about 1/3 cup); Good-quality extra-virgin olive, pumpkin seed, or walnut oil (for drizzling); Coarse sea salt, such as fleur de sel or Maldon sea salt; freshly ground black pepper; 1/4 cup loosely packed fresh cilantro and/or chervil leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 400°. Wash beets, leaving some water on skins. Wrap individually in foil; place on a rimmed baking sheet and roast until beets are tender when pierced with a knife, about 1 hour. Let cool. Meanwhile, using a sharp knife, cut all peel and white pith from all oranges; discard. Working over a medium bowl, cut between membranes of 2 blood oranges to release segments into bowl; squeeze juice from membranes into bowl and discard membranes. Slice remaining blood orange and Cara Cara orange crosswise into thin rounds. Place sliced oranges in bowl with the segments. Add lemon juice and  <END>
INPUT: Mexican, mousse, Vegetable oil, cilantro, avocado, onions
OUTPUT: TITLE: Avocado and Cilantro Mousse | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: Vegetable oil cooking spray; 1 1/2 bunches fresh cilantro, washed and dried, leaves picked off and reserved (about 2 1/4 cups loosely packed); 1 avocado; 3 green onions, white and pale green parts only, thinly sliced; 1 (8-ounce) package cream cheese, at room temperature; 1 teaspoon salt; 1 tablespoon fresh lime juice, from about 1 lime; 1 serrano chile, stemmed, seeded, deveined, and roughly chopped; 1 cup cold water, divided; 2 (1/4-ounce) envelopes unflavored gelatin (recommended: Knox); Crostini, for serving, recipe follows; 1/2 baguette, thinly sliced; 1/4 cup olive oil; 1 teaspoon dried oregano; Salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Spray 3 (1 cup) or 6 (1/2 cup) ramekins with vegetable oil cooking spray. Place the cilantro, green onions, cream cheese, salt, lime juice, and chile in a food processor and puree until smooth. Pour 1/4 cup water in a small bowl. Sprinkle the gelatin over the water and let it sit for a few minutes. Place the remaining 3/4 cup water in a small saucepan and bring to a boil. Pour the boiling water over the softened gelatin and whisk until the gelatin has dissolved. Add the gelatin to the mixture in the food processor, pulsing until pureed and thoroughly blended. Pour the mixture into the prepared <END>
INPUT: Indian, crusted, chutney, Center, each coriander fenugreek, pepper corns, onion, cilantro
OUTPUT: TITLE: Seared Coriander and Fenugreek Crusted Tuna with Onion Chutney and Pita Crisps | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: Center cut, sushi quality tuna, (you'll need about 3 pounds to yield some choice pieces); 3 tablespoons each coriander and fenugreek seeds; 2 tablespoons pepper corns; 1 onion, chopped; 1/2 cup cilantro, chopped; 2 tablespoons chopped ginger; 2 green chili peppers; 3 tablespoons lemon juice; Salt and Pepper; 1 package pita bread; Oil for frying | INSTRUCTIONS: Cut tuna into strips 1-inch high by 1-inch wide. Chill tuna in the fridge to air dry a bit. Toast coriander seeds and fenugreek in a dry skillet. Grind with peppercorns in a coffee grinder or spice grinder. Place mix in a pie plate. Meanwhile make the garnishes. For the chutney: in a food processor combine onion, cilantro, ginger, chili peppers, lemon juice and season with salt and fresh pepper. Blend til well combined. Cut pita bread into triangles and fry in hot oil. Drain on paper towel. Heat a skillet til very hot. Roll tuna in the spice mix. Add a little oil to the pan. Sear the tuna on a <END>
INPUT: smothered, Oil, shrimp, pepper, garlic powder, Salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Smothered Shrimp | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Oil, for frying; 2 pounds fresh or frozen shrimp, thawed and peeled and deveined; 1 teaspoon black pepper; 2 teaspoons garlic powder; Salt; Flour, for dredging and thickening; 1 large onion, chopped; Water; 4 cups cooked white rice | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat oil in skillet. Lightly season shrimp with pepper, garlic powder, and salt and then dredge in the flour, shaking off any excess. Lightly fry until shrimp turn pink and curl, about 2 minutes per side. Remove from skillet and drain. Saute onions in the same pan until they begin to soften. Add a couple tablespoons of flour and whisk well to make a roux. Season with a little more salt, pepper, and garlic powder. Whisk in water, 1/4 cup at a time until desired consistency is reached. Add shrimp and simmer in gravy for 10 minutes. Serve over white rice. <END>
INPUT: crumb, cake, almonds, pine nuts, all purpose flour, baking powder, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Almond, Pine Nut, Apricot Crumb Cake | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup whole almonds, toasted, plus 1/4 cup sliced almonds, toasted; 1/4 cup pine nuts, toasted, plus 1/4 cup; 1 1/4 cups all-purpose flour; 1 teaspoon baking powder; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 4 large eggs; 1 1/4 cups sugar; 1 1/2 sticks butter, melted; 1/3 cup milk; 1/4 teaspoon almond extract; 1/2 cup chopped dried apricots | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Butter and flour a 9-inch cake pan. Combine the whole almonds and 1/4 cup pine nuts in a food processor. Pulse the machine until the nuts are finely ground. Transfer the nuts to a medium bowl. Add the flour, baking powder, and salt. Stir to combine and set aside. In a medium bowl, using an electric mixer beat the eggs and the sugar until the mixture becomes thick and pale yellow. Add the butter, and milk. Stir in the almond extract and apricots. Gently stir in the dry ingredients. Pour the batter into the prepared cake pan. Sprinkle the top of the cake with s <END>
INPUT: salad, Water, cherry tomatoes, Granny Smith apples, lemon juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cherry Tomatoes Stuffed with Chicken Apple Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 (8-ounce) boneless, skinless chicken breasts; Water; 16 cherry tomatoes; 2 Granny Smith apples; 1 teaspoon lemon juice, to keep apples from turning brown; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 3 tablespoons mayonnaise; 2 teaspoons chopped fresh parsley leaves; 16 very small leaves rosemary, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Poach chicken in water and set aside to cool. Carefully slice off a small amount of the top of tomatoes (be careful not to remove too much) and scoop out seeds. (A 1/4 teaspoon measuring spoon works well for this procedure.) Peel apples, remove core and chop fine, and coat with lemon juice. Chop cooled chicken fine, season with salt and pepper and cinnamon, and stir in mayonnaise and chopped parsley, mixing well. Spoon chicken salad into tomatoes and garnish with the rosemary leaves. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, basmati rice, piece ginger, peanut oil, Asian sesame oil, onions
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sesame-Cilantro Rice | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cups basmati rice (about 9 1/2 ounces); 1 1/2-inch piece peeled fresh ginger; 1 tablespoon peanut oil; 1 teaspoon Asian sesame oil; 8 large green onions, thinly sliced; 1/3 cup chopped fresh cilantro; 2 tablespoons sesame seeds, toasted | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine rice, ginger, and 2 1/2 cups water in heavy large saucepan; sprinkle generously with salt. Bring to boil over high heat, stirring once. Cover, reduce heat to low, and simmer until rice is tender and water is absorbed, 15 to 18 minutes. Meanwhile, heat peanut oil and sesame oil in heavy medium skillet over medium-high heat. Add green onions and sauté until just tender, 2 to 3 minutes. Remove ginger from rice. Season rice to taste with salt and freshly ground black pepper. Spoon rice into bowl. Sprinkle rice with cilantro and sesame seeds, then green onions. Combine rice, ginger, and 2 1 <END>
INPUT: leeks, low salt chicken, bulgur, cranberries
OUTPUT: TITLE: Bulgur with Leeks, Cranberries, and Almonds | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 tablespoons (3/4 stick) butter; 3 cups chopped leeks (white and pale green parts only); 5 cups canned low-salt chicken broth; 3 cups bulgur; 2/3 cup dried cranberries; 2/3 cup sliced almonds, toasted | INSTRUCTIONS: Melt butter in heavy large saucepan over medium-high heat. Add chopped leeks and sauté until very tender, about 12 minutes. Add chicken broth and bring to boil. Stir in bulgur and boil 5 minutes. Add dried cranberries. Remove from heat, cover and let stand 15 minutes. Fluff with fork. Mix in sliced almonds. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Melt butter in heavy large saucepan over medium-high heat. Add chopped leeks and sauté until very tender, about 12 minutes. Add chicken broth and bring to boil. Stir in bulgur and boil 5 minutes. Add dried cranberries. Remove from heat, cover and let st <END>
INPUT: American, bombe, pistachio ice cream, vanilla ice cream, Watermelon Sorbet, chocolate wafer cookies
OUTPUT: TITLE: Watermelon Bombe | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 pints pistachio ice cream; 1 pint vanilla ice cream; Watermelon Sorbet, recipe follows; 4 chocolate wafer cookies, broken into 1/4-inch pieces (recommended: Nabisco Famous Chocolate Wafers); 1 (6-inch) round layer Vanilla Sponge Cake, recipe follows; 1 cup sugar; 1 tablespoon white creme de menthe or Campari, optional; 3 cups ripe watermelon flesh; 1/2 tablespoon unsalted butter, for pans; 1/4 cup all-purpose flour, plus more for pan; 1/4 cup cornstarch; 2 large eggs, separated; 1/2 teaspoon pure vanilla extract; 6 tablespoons sugar; Pinch salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Line a 3-quart metal mixing bowl with plastic wrap, and leave the edges overhanging. Place lined bowl in freezer for 10 minutes; this will be the mold. Chill the bowl of an electric mixer as well. Place the pistachio ice cream in the chilled mixer bowl. Using the paddle attachment, beat on low speed until ice cream is spreadable, about 30 seconds. Remove chilled mold from freezer. Using a rubber spatula, coat inside of mold with all the pistachio ice cream, making a 1/2-inch-thick layer. Return mold and cleaned, empty mixer bowl to the freezer for 30 minutes. Place the vanilla ice cream in chi <END>
INPUT: Italian, omelet, trouchia, olive oil, onion, chard, Salt milled pepper, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chard and Onion Omelet (Trouchia) | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons olive oil; 1 large red or white onion, quartered and thinly sliced crosswise; 1 bunch chard, leaves only, chopped; Salt and freshly milled pepper; 1 garlic clove; 6 to 8 eggs, lightly beaten; 2 tablespoons chopped parsley; 2 tablespoons chopped basil; 2 teaspoons chopped thyme; 1 cup grated Gruyère; 2 tablespoons freshly grated Parmesan | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat 2 tablespoons of the oil in a 10-inch skillet, add the onion, and cook over low heat, stirring occasionally, until completely soft but not colored, about 15 minutes. Add the chard and continue cooking, stirring occasionally, until all the moisture has cooked off and the chard is tender, about 15 minutes. Season well with salt and pepper. Meanwhile, mash the garlic in a mortar with a few pinches of salt (or chop them finely together), then stir it into the eggs along with the herbs. Combine the chard mixture with the eggs and stir in the Gruyère and half the Parmesan. Preheat the broiler.  <END>
INPUT: salad, corn kernels, kidney pinto beans, plum tomatoes, onion, basil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Corn, Tomato and Bean Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups fresh corn kernels or frozen, thawed; 1 15- to 16-ounce can kidney or pinto beans, rinsed, drained; 1 cup chopped seeded plum tomatoes; 1/4 cup chopped onion; 1/4 cup chopped fresh basil; 2 tablespoons olive oil (preferably extra-virgin); 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh Italian parsley; 2 large garlic cloves, minced | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine corn, beans, tomatoes, onion and basil in large bowl. Whisk oil, lemon juice, parsley and garlic in small bowl to blend. Stir into corn mixture. Season with salt and pepper. (Can be made 4 hours ahead. Cover and chill. Serve at room temperature.) Combine corn, beans, tomatoes, onion and basil in large bowl. Whisk oil, lemon juice, parsley and garlic in small bowl to blend. Stir into corn mixture. Season with salt and pepper. (Can be made 4 hours ahead. Cover and chill. Serve at room temperature.) <END>
INPUT: herb, gremolata, pork loin roast, rosemary, garlic, fennel seed, kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Herb-Roasted Pork Loin with Gremolata | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: One 3-pound boneless pork loin roast, trimmed; 1/4 cup fresh rosemary, chopped; 4 cloves garlic, roughly chopped; 1 teaspoon fennel seed; 1 1/2 teaspoons kosher salt; 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1 cup packed fresh parsley leaves, chopped; 1 teaspoon lemon zest, from 1 lemon; 1 tablespoon lemon juice, from 1/2 lemon; 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt; 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 1/2 cup extra-virgin olive oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. For the roast: Remove the pork loin from the fridge 30 minutes before cooking. Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Place the rosemary, garlic and fennel seeds in a small pile on a cutting board. Run your knife through the pile a few times to chop everything finely and mix the ingredients together. Place the herb mixture in a small bowl and stir in the salt and olive oil to make a paste. Set aside. Using a sharp paring knife, make ten 1-inch-deep incisions in the top and sides of the pork loin. Rub the herb paste all over the roast, especially in the cut surfaces.  <END>
INPUT: raffy, strawberries, sugar, wine vinegar, heavy whipping cream, powdered sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Raffy's Strawberries in Vinegar | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pint fresh strawberries, hulled and quartered, or sliced; 2 tablespoons sugar; 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar; 1/4 cup heavy whipping cream; 1 teaspoon powdered sugar; 1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh mint leaves, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: For the berries: In a small bowl, toss the strawberries with the sugar and vinegar. Let the mixture stand at room temperature, stirring occasionally, for 2 hours. For the whipped cream: In a medium bowl, beat the heavy cream until it forms soft peaks. Add the powdered sugar and vanilla. Continue to beat until the cream holds stiff peaks. To serve: Spoon the strawberries and juices into 2 small glasses and add a dollop of whipped cream. Sprinkle with chopped mint and serve. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, sandwich, adobo sauce, sour cream, brioche bun, duck egg, baby spinach arugula
OUTPUT: TITLE: Duck Egg Sandwich with Spinach and Chipotle Cream | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon adobo sauce (from a can of chipotles; add more or less depending on how spicy you like things); 1 tablespoon sour cream; 1 brioche bun, toasted; 1 duck egg; 1/2 cup baby spinach or arugula; 1 to 2 strips smoked red pepper; 1 to 2 rings red onion | INSTRUCTIONS: » Mix the adobo sauce with the sour cream. Spread the mixture on both sides of the bun. Fry the egg sunny-side up. Top the bottom of the bun with the spinach, red pepper, onion, and egg. Add the top bun and serve immediately. » Mix the adobo sauce with the sour cream. Spread the mixture on both sides of the bun. Fry the egg sunny-side up. Top the bottom of the bun with the spinach, red pepper, onion, and egg. Add the top bun and serve immediately. <END>
INPUT: lamb loin chops, olive oil, onions, garlic, currants
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lamb Chops with Balsamic Vinegar and Onions | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 large lamb loin chops; 1 tablespoon olive oil; 2 medium onions, sliced; 4 small garlic cloves, chopped; 2 tablespoons currants; 1/2 cup dry red wine; 1/4 cup balsamic vinegar or 3 tablespoons red wine vinegar; 1/2 teaspoon dried rosemary, crumbled | INSTRUCTIONS: Season both sides of lamb chops with salt and pepper. Heat olive oil in heavy large skillet over medium-high heat. Add lamb to skillet. Sprinkle onions over lamb. Cook until lamb is brown, stirring onions occasionally, about 7 minutes. Turn lamb chops and cook on second sides until lamb is cooked to desired doneness, about 5 minutes for medium-rare. Transfer lamb to platter; cover with foil and keep warm. Add garlic to onions in skillet and sauté 1 minute. Stir in currants and sauté 1 minute longer. Add remaining ingredients and boil until liquid is reduced to glaze, about 3 minutes. Season to <END>
INPUT: warm, salad, Domestic loin lamb, rosemary, sage, thyme, Olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lamb Loin Chops with Warm Polenta and Arugula Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 Domestic loin lamb chops, 1 1/2 inches thick; 1 teaspoon chopped rosemary; 1 teaspoon chopped sage; 1 teaspoon chopped thyme; Olive oil; Salt and pepper; 2 cups chicken stock; 1 cup polenta; 1/2 teaspoon chopped fresh garlic; 3 tablespoons grated Parmesan cheese; 1 teaspoon chopped fresh parsley; Salt and pepper; 2 cups baby arugula; 1/2 cup extra virgin olive oil; 3 tablespoons white balsamic vinegar | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine herbs with a drizzle of olive oil and salt and pepper. Rub onto chops. Refrigerate for at least 4 hours or up to 24 hours. For the Polenta Salad: Bring the stock to a boil. Stir in polenta and lower heat. Continue to stir until bubbling. Add garlic, cheese, parsley and salt and pepper, to taste. Stir well. Pour into a sheet pan lined with parchment paper. Refrigerate for 1 hour. For the sauce: Warm olive oil over medium heat until hot but not smoking. Remove from heat and add the garlic slivers. Combine with the lamb stock, soy sauce and a few drops of lemon juice. Keep warm. Preheat t <END>
INPUT: Indian, cranberry, chutney, olive oil, shallot, cinnamon, orange
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cranberry Chutney With Orange, Figs, and Mustard | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1 medium shallot, finely chopped; 1 (2-inch) piece ginger, peeled, finely chopped; 3/4 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1 medium orange, unpeeled, seeds removed, chopped; 6 dried Turkish figs, chopped; 1 3/4 cups sugar; 1/2 cup sherry vinegar or red wine vinegar; 2 tablespoons whole grain mustard; 1 (10-ounce) bag fresh or frozen cranberries; Kosher salt, freshly ground pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat oil in a large saucepan over medium. Cook shallot and ginger, stirring occasionally, until shallot is translucent, about 3 minutes. Stir in cinnamon and cook, stirring often, until fragrant, about 1 minute. Mix in orange, figs, sugar, vinegar, mustard, and 1/2 cup water and bring to a simmer, stirring until sugar is dissolved. Add cranberries and increase heat to medium-high. Bring to a boil and cook, stirring occasionally, until cranberries burst and liquid is reduced to a light syrup, 12–18 minutes. Let cool slightly; season with salt and pepper. Heat oil in a large saucepan over medium <END>
INPUT: burgers, portobello mushroom cap, shallot, lightly parsley, turkey, virgin olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Perfect Turkey Burgers | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 large portobello mushroom cap; 1 tablespoon coarsely chopped shallot; 3 tablespoons lightly packed fresh parsley; 1 1/4 pounds 85% to 93% lean ground turkey; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, plus more for brushing; 1 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce; Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper; 8 thin slices manchego or white cheddar cheese; 4 English muffins, split; Dijon mustard, mayonnaise and sliced avocado, for topping | INSTRUCTIONS: Use a spoon to scrape out the gills from the underside of the mushroom cap. Cut the cap into 1-inch pieces and transfer to a food processor. Add the shallot and parsley and pulse until chopped. Transfer the mushroom mixture to a large bowl. Add the turkey, olive oil, Worcestershire sauce, 1 teaspoon salt, and pepper to taste; gently mix with your hands until just combined. Divide into 4 balls, then lightly press into 4-inch-wide, 1-inch-thick patties. Put on a large plate, cover and refrigerate until firm, about 30 minutes. Preheat a grill to medium. Brush the grates with olive oil. Grill the  <END>
INPUT: Mexican, tacos, Mrs. Dash® Fiesta, beef turkey, water, taco shells flour, lettuce
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fiesta Lime Tacos | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 4 Tbsp. Mrs. Dash® Fiesta Lime Seasoning Blend; 1 lb. lean ground beef or turkey; 3/4 cup water; 12 taco shells or flour tortilla (6-inch); shredded lettuce; chopped tomatoes; shredded cheese; salsa; sour cream | INSTRUCTIONS: 1.Brown ground beef or turkey in a skillet on medium-high heat. Drain excess fat. 2.Stir in Mrs. Dash® Fiesta Lime Seasoning Blend and water. 3.Bring to boil. Reduce heat and simmer 5 minutes, stirring occasionally. 4.Spoon into warm taco shells or tortillas. Serve with toppings if desired. <END>
INPUT: vegetable oil, loosely sage leaves, coarse salt taste
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fried Sage Leaves | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: about 3 cups vegetable oil; 1/2 cup loosely packed fresh sage leaves; coarse salt to taste | INSTRUCTIONS: In a heavy saucepan heat 1 inch oil to 365°F. on a deep-fat thermometer. Working quickly, fry sage leaves, 5 at a time, 2 seconds, transferring with a slotted spoon to paper towels to drain. Immediately sprinkle sage leaves with coarse salt. In a heavy saucepan heat 1 inch oil to 365°F. on a deep-fat thermometer. Working quickly, fry sage leaves, 5 at a time, 2 seconds, transferring with a slotted spoon to paper towels to drain. Immediately sprinkle sage leaves with coarse salt. <END>
INPUT: plain popcorn, mixed nuts, salt, paprika, cayenne pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Maple-Nut Popcorn | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 10 cups plain popcorn, popped; 2 cups mixed nuts, such as pecans, walnuts and almonds; 1 teaspoon salt; 1/2 teaspoon paprika; 1/2 teaspoon cayenne pepper; Nonstick spray, for greasing; 1 stick unsalted butter; 1 1/2 cups pure maple syrup | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine the popcorn, mixed nuts, salt, paprika and cayenne pepper in large serving bowl. Line a large baking sheet with aluminum foil and coat with nonstick spray. Melt the butter in a heavy-bottomed saucepan over medium-high heat. Pour in the maple syrup and continue cooking until the mixture reads 275 degrees F on a candy thermometer, about 15 minutes. Carefully pour the mixture over the popcorn and nuts. Toss, using a spoon that has been coated in nonstick spray, to coat the popcorn evenly with syrup. Allow the popcorn to cool before serving <END>
INPUT: cocktail, chili sauce, horseradish, lemon juice, hot sauce, Worcestershire sauce
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Shrimp with Chili Cocktail Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2/3 to 3/4 cup chili sauce; 2 tablespoons prepared horseradish; 2 tablespoons lemon juice, about 1/2 lemon; 1 tablespoon hot sauce, eyeball it; 2 teaspoons Worcestershire sauce; 1 teaspoon celery seed, 1/3 palmful; 1 rib celery from heart with leafy tops, finely chopped; Coarsely ground black pepper; 16 jumbo shrimp, peeled and deveined; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; Salt; 1 teaspoon smoked sweet paprika; A small handful parsley, finely chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Combine the first 7 ingredients in a bowl, and season with pepper, to taste. Refrigerate until ready to use. Heat a grill pan or grill to medium-high. Dress the shrimp with extra-virgin olive oil, salt and pepper, to taste, and smoked paprika. Skewer the shrimp onto metal skewers, to ease in turning them, and grill until the shrimp are opaque and firm, about 7 to 8 minutes. Pile the shrimp on a serving platter, and drizzle with the sauce or pass the sauce at the table. <END>
INPUT: sweet onions, light balsamic salad, tarragon leaves, garlic, Olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Balsamic Roasted Onions | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 sweet onions; 1 cup light balsamic salad dressing (recommended: Newman's Own); 2 tablespoons fresh tarragon leaves, lightly chopped; 1 teaspoon crushed garlic (recommended: Christopher Ranch); Olive oil cooking spray; Salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Cut ends off onions, leaving stem and core intact. Quarter onions through core and peel away skin. Place onions in a large resealable bag with balsamic dressing, tarragon, and garlic. Squeeze out air and seal bag. Marinate in refrigerator for 1 to 4 hours, turning occasionally. Remove onions from refrigerator 30 minutes before roasting and bring to room temperature. Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. Lightly spray a baking pan with olive oil cooking spray. Place onions cut side up in prepared baking pan and pour marinade over top. Season with freshly ground black pepper. Roast in preheated oven fo <END>
INPUT: American, shredded, ropa, flank steak, Delicioso Adobo seasoning, Worcestershire sauce, bottles beer, canola oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Shredded Steak with Peppers, Onions and Tomatoes (Ropa Vieja) | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 6 pounds flank steak; 3/4 cup Delicioso Adobo seasoning, recipe follows; 1/2 cup Worcestershire sauce; 6 bottles beer; 1/2 cup canola oil; 2 medium yellow onions, chopped; 2 red bell peppers, cored, seeded, ribbed and chopped; 2 green bell peppers, cored, seeded, ribbed and chopped; 6 scallions, white and light green parts only, chopped; 1 (28-ounce) can crushed tomatoes; 1 (6-ounce) can tomato paste; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 tablespoons garlic powder; 2 tablespoons onion powder; 2 tablespoons dried oregano | INSTRUCTIONS: Cut the flank steak into large pieces and place them in a large bowl. In a small bowl, combine the adobo and the Worcestershire sauce to make a paste. Rub the paste into the meat, add the beer, and let marinate for 15 minutes in the refrigerator. Transfer the meat, as well as the marinade to a large pot and bring to a boil over medium heat. Reduce the heat to low, cover, and simmer until the meat is tender, about 3 hours. Remove the meat from the pot and reserve the cooking liquid. Using 2 forks, shred the meat and set it aside. Heat the oil in a large deep skillet over medium-high heat. Add t <END>
INPUT: puree, salad, walleye fillets, celery root, Granny Smith apples, butter, Delicious apple
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pan Seared Walleye with Celery Root Puree and Apple Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound walleye fillets, skinned and cut into 3-ounce pieces; 4 ounces celery root, peeled and diced; 4 ounces Granny Smith apples, peeled and diced; 3 ounces butter; 1 red Delicious apple, julienned; 1 ounce lemon oil; 1 bunch watercress | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. Saute walleye over high heat until golden brown and flip. Place in the oven for 4 to 6 minutes or until fish is cooked to medium (about 140 degrees F). Boil diced celery root and Granny Smith apples in salted water until tender and remove from liquid. Add butter and mash with potato masher until smooth. Season with salt and pepper. Toss julienned apples with lemon oil and watercress and set aside. Place a small amount of puree on each plate and cover with a piece of fish. Garnish with apple salad. <END>
INPUT: deviled, buttermilk, Dijon mustard, onion powder onion, salt, mustard
OUTPUT: TITLE: Deviled Fried Chicken | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups buttermilk; 1/4 cup Dijon mustard; 2 tablespoons onion powder with green onion and parsley; 5 teaspoons salt; 4 teaspoons dry mustard; 4 teaspoons cayenne pepper; 2 1/2 teaspoons ground black pepper; 1 3- to 3 1/4-pound fryer chicken, backbone removed, chicken cut into 8 pieces, skinned (except wings); 3 cups all purpose flour; 1 tablespoon baking powder; 1 tablespoon garlic powder; 5 cups (or more) peanut oil (for frying) | INSTRUCTIONS: In 1-gallon resealable plastic bag, mix buttermilk, Dijon mustard, 1 tablespoon onion powder, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon dry mustard, 1 teaspoon cayenne and 1 teaspoon black pepper. Add chicken pieces. Seal bag, eliminating air. Turn bag to coat chicken evenly. Refrigerate at least 1 day and up to 2 days, turning plastic bag occasionally. Whisk flour, baking powder, garlic powder, remaining 1 tablespoon onion powder, 4 teaspoons salt, 3 teaspoons dry mustard, 3 teaspoons cayenne and 1 1/2 teaspoons black pepper in 13 x 9 x 2-inch glass dish. With marinade still clinging to chicken pieces (do  <END>
INPUT: American, casserole, corn, Olive oil, heavy cream, hot sauce
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Corn Casserole | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 4 ears fresh corn, shucked; Olive oil, for brushing the corn; 1/2 cup heavy cream; 4 tablespoons (1/2 stick) salted butter, sliced; Dash hot sauce; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: a Bundt pan Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Heat a grill pan over medium heat. Brush the corn with olive oil and grill, turning occasionally, until well browned, about 10 minutes. Set aside to cool slightly. One at a time, place each cob on the thin end of a Bundt pan hole and, using a sharp knife, remove the corn kernels from the cobs, cutting downwards so the kernels fall into the base of the pan. Put the corn kernels in a bowl with the cream, sliced butter, hot sauce and some salt and pepper, then mix together. Tip into an 8-by-8-inch dish and bake until brown and bubb <END>
INPUT: shelled peas, basmati rice, onion, low salt chicken
OUTPUT: TITLE: Saffron Rice with Peas and Garbanzo Beans | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups shelled fresh peas or frozen, thawed; 2 cups basmati rice; 4 tablespoons (1/2 stick) butter; 1 large onion, finely chopped; 3 cups canned low-salt chicken broth; 1 teaspoon salt; 1/2 teaspoon saffron threads; 1 15- to 16-ounce can garbanzo beans (chickpeas), rinsed, drained | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook fresh peas in medium saucepan of boiling salted water until tender, about 5 minutes. Drain and reserve. If using thawed peas, set aside. Place rice in sieve. Rinse rice under cold running water until water runs clear. Drain. Melt butter in heavy large saucepan over medium heat. Add onion and sauté until tender, about 8 minutes. Add rice; stir 1 minute. Add broth, salt and saffron; bring to boil. Reduce heat to low. Cover and cook until rice is tender and liquid is absorbed, about 20 minutes. Remove from heat. Stir peas and garbanzo beans into rice. Cover and let stand 5 minutes. Transfer  <END>
INPUT: Asian, slabs ahi tuna, soy sauce, olive oil, Worcestershire sauce, ginger
OUTPUT: TITLE: Ahi Tuna | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 2 slabs ahi tuna; 1/2 cup soy sauce; 1/2 cup olive oil; Worcestershire sauce, to taste; 1 tablespoon minced ginger; 1 tablespoon minced garlic | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat grill. Place tuna in a glass bowl. Combine rest of ingredients and pour over the tuna. Marinate tuna for at least 1 hour. Place directly on hot grill for 1 minute or until desired doneness. <END>
INPUT: American, flannel, hash, hot Italian turkey, onion, butter, thyme, russet potato
OUTPUT: TITLE: Blue and Red Flannel Hash | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 8 ounces hot Italian turkey sausages, casings removed; 1 cup chopped red onion; 3 tablespoons butter; 3/4 teaspoon dried thyme; 1 10-ounce russet potato, peeled, cut into 1/2-inch cubes; 1 cup chopped red bell pepper; 1 15-ounce can sliced pickled beets, drained, cut into 1/2-inch pieces; 4 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley; 3/4 cup crumbled Maytag blue cheese; 4 eggs | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat large nonstick skillet over medium-high heat. Add sausage and sauté until cooked through, about 10 minutes. Using slotted spoon, transfer sausage to bowl. Add onion, 1 tablespoon butter and thyme to skillet; stir 3 minutes. Add potato and bell pepper; season with salt and pepper. Reduce heat to low. Cover and cook until potato is tender, stirring occasionally, about 10 minutes. Increase heat to medium-high. Stir sausage, beets and half of parsley into potato. Cook without stirring until hash begins to brown on bottom, about 5 minutes. Sprinkle cheese over. Remove from heat. Cover and let  <END>
INPUT: Italian, burgers, virgin olive oil, shallots, kosher salt, pepper, button mushrooms
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lentil Burgers with Lemon-Basil Mayonnaise | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 2 large shallots, minced; 1 1/2 teaspoons kosher salt; 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 6 button mushrooms (about 4 ounces), finely diced; 2 cloves garlic, minced; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh thyme; 1/2 cup frozen petite green peas, thawed; Two 15-ounce cans lentils, rinsed and drained; 1/3 cup plus 1/2 cup cornmeal; 2 tablespoons egg-free mayonnaise, such as Vegenaise; 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice; 1 cup refrigerated egg-free mayonnaise, such as Vegenaise; 1/2 cup chopped fresh basil; Zest of 1 large lemon | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. For the burgers: Heat 1/4 cup of the oil over medium-high heat in a 12-inch nonstick skillet. Add the shallots, 3/4 teaspoon salt and 1/4 teaspoon pepper. Cook until soft, about 3 minutes. Add the mushrooms, garlic, thyme and the remaining 3/4 teaspoon of salt and 1/4 teaspoon pepper. Cook until the mushrooms are soft, 6 to 8 minutes. Set aside to cool slightly. Blend the peas and 1 can lentils until smooth in a blender. Transfer the pureed peas and lentils to a medium bowl. Add the remaining 1 can lentils, 1/3 cup cornmeal, mayonnaise, lemon juice and the mushro <END>
INPUT: slow, cooked, bacon, thyme, Yukon gold potatoes, kosher salt, bay leaves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Slow Cooked Potatoes with Butter and Thyme | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 ounces bacon (about 5 slices); 6 sprigs fresh thyme; 4 pounds Yukon gold potatoes, scrubbed and quartered with skin; 2 teaspoons kosher salt; 2 dried bay leaves; 5 black peppercorns, plus freshly ground for serving; 4 cups low-sodium chicken broth; 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, sliced | INSTRUCTIONS: Line the bottom of the slow-cooker with bacon and toss half the thyme on top. Top with the potatoes, salt, bay leaves, and peppercorns. Pour the chicken broth over the potatoes and add water to cover the potatoes. Scatter the remaining thyme and the butter on top. Cover and cook on HIGH for 5 to 6 hours, or until potatoes are fork tender. Discard the bay leaves and peppercorns. Ladle into large shallow bowls and season with salt and pepper, to taste. <END>
INPUT: soup, unsalted butter, onion, garlic, thyme leaves, tomatoes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tomato Soup | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1/2 medium onion, chopped; 1 clove garlic, finely chopped; 1 teaspoon fresh thyme leaves, chopped; One 28-ounce can crushed tomatoes; One 15-ounce can diced fire-roasted tomatoes; 1 1/2 cups chicken stock; 1/4 cup heavy cream; Pinch of freshly grated nutmeg; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 tablespoon finely chopped fresh chives | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: an immersion blender Melt the butter in a medium pot over medium heat. Add the onion and cook, stirring occasionally, until softened, about 5 minutes. Add the garlic and thyme and cook, stirring, until the garlic is fragrant, about 1 minute. Increase the heat to medium-high and add both cans of tomatoes, the stock and cream. Bring to a brisk simmer, reduce the heat to maintain a low simmer and cook until slightly thickened and the flavors have melded, about 20 minutes. Puree the soup with an immersion blender until almost smooth. Add the nutmeg and season with salt and peppe <END>
INPUT: arctic, tangerines, fennel bulbs, virgin olive oil, Kosher salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pan Roasted Arctic Char Stuffed with Tangerine and Fennel | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 (3 to 4 pound) whole Artic char, scaled and cleaned; 2 tangerines; 2 fennel bulbs, including fronds; 1/2 cup extra-virgin olive oil; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 tablespoon fennel seeds; 1 tablespoon whole black peppercorns; 1/4 cup reserved fennel fronds; 1/4 cup parsley leaves; 1/4 cup pitted green olives; 2 tablespoons capers; 2 anchovies; 1/2 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 1 tangerine, juiced; 1 tablespoon red wine vinegar | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Rinse the fish and pat dry. Slice the tangerines thinly; remove and reserve the fronds from the fennel bulbs and cut the bulbs into thick slices. Mix them together in a bowl with 1/4 cup olive oil and salt and pepper, to taste. Season the fish inside and out with salt and pepper. Stuff the fish with the tangerine mixture and tie it closed with kitchen string. Heat an ovenproof saute pan over medium high heat and add 1/4 cup olive oil. When hot toss in the fennel seeds and peppercorns. Cook to flavor the oil for about 1 minute, remove the spices and discard th <END>
INPUT: bitter, olive oil, guanciale, shallots, Salt pepper, corn kernels
OUTPUT: TITLE: Bitter Greens with Sautéed Corn & Shallots | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon olive oil; 2 ounces chopped guanciale (salt-cured pork jowl), pancetta (Italian bacon), or bacon; 2 chopped shallots; Salt and pepper; 4 cups fresh corn kernels; 3 tablespoons Sherry vinegar or red wine vinegar; 1 tablespoon olive oil; 1 bunch dandelion greens or arugula (about 8 cups); 2 chopped Medjool dates; Shaved Parmesan; Pinch of chopped fresh chives | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat 1 tablespoon olive oil in a large skillet over medium. Cook 2 ounces chopped guanciale (salt-cured pork jowl), pancetta (Italian bacon), or bacon, stirring occasionally, until browned and crisp, about 4 minutes. Add 2 chopped shallots, season with salt and pepper, and cook, stirring often, until softened, about 3 minutes. Add 4 cups fresh corn kernels and cook 2 minutes. Let cool slightly, then stir in 3 tablespoons Sherry vinegar or red wine vinegar and 1 tablespoon olive oil. Toss 1 bunch dandelion greens or arugula (about 8 cups) and warm dressing in a large bowl. Season with salt and  <END>
INPUT: American, kosher salt, sugar, all purpose flour, heirloom tomatoes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tomato-Cheddar Pie | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt; 1/2 teaspoon sugar; 1 1/4 cups all-purpose flour, plus more for surface; 1/2 cup (1 stick) cold unsalted butter, cut into cubes; 3 large heirloom tomatoes (about 2 pounds), sliced 1/4" thick; 3/4 teaspoon kosher salt, divided; All-purpose flour (for surface); 1 cup finely chopped Vidalia onion (about 1/2 medium onion); 1/2 tablespoon unsalted butter; 1 1/2 cups grated sharp cheddar (about 4 ounces); 1/2 cup mayonnaise (preferably Duke's); 1/4 cup coarsely chopped fresh herbs, such as basil, oregano, parsley, and/or thyme; 1 teaspoon mild hot sauce; 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; A 9" pie pan | INSTRUCTIONS: Make the crust: Pulse salt, sugar, and 1 1/4 cups flour in a food processor until well combined. Add butter and pulse until mixture resembles coarse meal with a few pea-size pieces of butter remaining, about 10 seconds. With the motor running, add 1/4 cup ice water and process until dough just holds together, about 30 seconds. Squeeze a small amount of dough between your fingers; if it's very crumbly, add more ice water, 1 Tbsp. at a time (2 Tbsp. maximum). Do not over-process. Turn dough out onto a lightly floured surface and push together to form a rough ball. Knead a few times to combine, t <END>
INPUT: Kosher salt, all purpose flour, garlic powder, onion powder
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fried Chicken | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 (3 to 4 pound) chicken, cut up into 10 pieces; Kosher salt; 3 cups all-purpose flour; 2 tablespoons garlic powder; 2 tablespoons onion powder; 2 tablespoons sweet paprika; 2 teaspoons cayenne; Freshly ground black pepper; 1 quart buttermilk; 2 tablespoons hot chili sauce (recommended: Srirachi); Peanut oil, for frying; 1/4 bunch fresh thyme; 3 big sprigs fresh rosemary; 1/4 bunch fresh sage; 1/2 head garlic, smashed, husk still attached | INSTRUCTIONS: Put the chicken pieces into a large bowl. Cover the chicken with water by 1 inch; add 1 tablespoon of salt for each quart of water used. Cover and refrigerate at least 2 hours or overnight. In a large shallow platter, mix the flour, garlic powder, onion powder, paprika, and cayenne until well blended; season generously with salt and pepper. In another platter combine the buttermilk and hot sauce with a fork and season with salt and pepper. Drain the chicken and pat it dry. Dredge the pieces, a few at a time, in the flour mixture, then dip them into the buttermilk; dredge them again in the seas <END>
INPUT: souffles, cherry preserves, kirsch, whipping cream, sugar, vanilla extract
OUTPUT: TITLE: Kirsch and Tart Cherry Souffles | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 whole cherry preserves; 2 tablespoons kirsch (clear cherry brandy); 1/2 cup chilled whipping cream; 2 tablespoons sugar; 1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract; Butter; Finely ground almonds or sugar; 3 tablespoons all purpose flour; 3/4 cup milk; 1/3 cup plus 1 tablespoon sugar; 1/2 cup dried tart cherries; 4 egg yolks; 2 tablespoons (1/4 stick) unsalted butter; 3 tablespoons kirsch (clear cherry brandy); 2 teaspoons vanilla extract | INSTRUCTIONS: Topping: Mix preserves and 1 tablespoon kirsch in small bowl; set mixture aside. Combine cream, sugar, vanilla and remaining 1 tablespoon kirsch in medium bowl. Beat to soft peaks. Cover and refrigerate whipped cream. (Can be prepared 6 hours ahead.) Mix preserves and 1 tablespoon kirsch in small bowl; set mixture aside. Combine cream, sugar, vanilla and remaining 1 tablespoon kirsch in medium bowl. Beat to soft peaks. Cover and refrigerate whipped cream. (Can be prepared 6 hours ahead.) For souffles: Preheat oven to 400°F. Butter six 1 1/4-cup soufflé dishes. Sprinkle with almonds or sugar. P <END>
INPUT: salad, bay shrimp, carrots, petite peas, corn kernels, favorite vinaigrette
OUTPUT: TITLE: Bay Shrimp and Avocado Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 8 ounces fresh bay shrimp; 1 cup shredded carrots, rinsed and drained; 1/2 cup frozen petite peas, thawed; 1/2 cup frozen cut corn kernels, thawed; 4 tablespoons favorite vinaigrette (recommended: Champagne vinaigrette); Salt and pepper; 1 ripe avocado, halved and pitted | INSTRUCTIONS: Toss shrimp, carrots, peas, corn, and 3 tablespoons vinaigrette in a medium bowl to coat. Season shrimp salad, to taste, with salt and pepper. Place 1 avocado half on each of 2 plates. Divide shrimp salad on top of avocado halves. Drizzle the remaining 1 tablespoon of vinaigrette over avocado halves and serve. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, fish, tacos, piece halibut, ancho chile powder, Kosher salt pepper, olive oil, Juice lime
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Fish Tacos with Vera Cruz Salsa | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 pound piece halibut; 2 tablespoons ancho chile powder; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 to 3 tablespoons olive oil; Juice of 1/2 lime; 1/2 head Napa or white cabbage, shredded; 1/2 cup barely chopped fresh cilantro; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 8 to 12 white or yellow corn tortillas, warmed on the grill; Vera Cruz Salsa, for serving, recipe follows; 3 large plum tomatoes, cored and halved; 2 jalapenos, stems removed; Canola oil, for grilling; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 small red onion, finely diced | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Heat a charcoal or gas grill to high for direct grilling. Sprinkle the halibut with the ancho powder, salt and pepper. Grill until golden brown and charred on both sides, and just cooked through, about 5 minutes per side. Remove to a cutting board and let rest 5 minutes. Using two forks, flake the halibut into large bite-size pieces and put in a large bowl. Pour over the olive oil and lime juice, and toss just to combine. Add the cabbage and cilantro and toss again. Serve the fish with the tortillas and Vera Cruz Salsa and let guests fill and wrap their own tacos <END>
INPUT: kosher salt, sugar, light sugar, water
OUTPUT: TITLE: Stuffed Pork Chops | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup kosher salt; 3 tablespoons sugar; 1 tablespoons light brown sugar; 2 quarts water; 4 (2-inch thick) pork chops, bone-in rib loin chops, split to bone; 2 slices bacon, chopped; 2 stalks celery, minced; 1 small onion, minced; 2 cloves garlic, minced; 1 tablespoon freshly chopped rosemary leaves; 1 tablespoon freshly chopped sage leaves; 2 tablespoons freshly chopped parsley leaves; 2 1/2 cups crumbled cornbread; 1/4 cup dried cranberries; 1/2 cup chicken broth | INSTRUCTIONS: Whisk salt and sugars in 2-quarts of cold water. Add pork chops and cover. Refrigerate for 1 hour. Remove the pork chops from the brine and dry well. In a large heavy bottomed saute pan, begin to fry bacon. Add celery, onion and garlic to pan and allow to saute with the crispy bacon. Add rosemary, sage and parsley after bacon has cooked for 8 to 10 minutes. Saute until fragrant. Season with salt and pepper. In a large bowl add cornbread, dried cranberries and chicken stock. Stir in the cooked vegetable mixture. Mix well. Preheat grill to medium-high heat. Season the pork chops with salt and pe <END>
INPUT: hawaiian, Smirnoff Orange Vodka, curacao, orange juice, pineapple juice, slice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Blue Hawaiian | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 oz. Smirnoff Orange Vodka; 1 oz. blue curacao; 2 oz. orange juice; 1 oz. pineapple juice; 1 slice(s) orange | INSTRUCTIONS: Fill glass with ice. Add Smirnoff Orange Flavored Vodka, blue curacao, orange juice, and pineapple juice. Stir well. Garnish with orange slice.; <END>
INPUT: Asian, snaps, all purpose flour, baking soda, ginger, cardamom
OUTPUT: TITLE: Ginger Snaps | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 9 1/2 ounces all-purpose flour; 1 1/2 teaspoons baking soda; 1 tablespoon ground ginger; 1/2 teaspoon ground cardamom; 1/2 teaspoon ground clove; 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt; 7 ounces dark brown sugar; 5 ounces unsalted butter, room temperature; 3 ounces molasses, by weight; 1 large egg, room temperature; 2 teaspoons finely grated fresh ginger; 4 ounces finely chopped candied ginger | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. In a medium mixing bowl whisk together the flour, baking soda, ginger, cardamom, clove and salt. Place the brown sugar and butter into the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment and beat on low speed until light and fluffy, 1 to 2 minutes. Add the molasses, egg and fresh ginger and beat on medium for 1 minute. Add the crystallized ginger and using a rubber spatula, stir to combine. Add the dry ingredients to the wet and stir until well combined. With a 2-teaspoon sized scoop, drop the dough onto a parchment line <END>
INPUT: garlic, mayonnaise, olive oil, lemon juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Easy Aïoli | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 garlic cloves, pressed; 1/4 teaspoon (or more) coarse kosher salt; 1/2 cup mayonnaise; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice | INSTRUCTIONS: Mash garlic and 1/4 teaspoon salt in small bowl until paste forms. Whisk in mayonnaise, olive oil, and lemon juice. Season to taste with coarse salt and pepper. DO AHEAD: Can be made 1 day ahead. Cover and chill. Mash garlic and 1/4 teaspoon salt in small bowl until paste forms. Whisk in mayonnaise, olive oil, and lemon juice. Season to taste with coarse salt and pepper. DO AHEAD: Can be made 1 day ahead. Cover and chill. <END>
INPUT: French, warm, apples, French baguette, good French Brie, honey, roasted salted pistachios, mache leaves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mache with Warm Brie and Apples | CUISINE: French | INGREDIENTS: 1 French baguette, sliced 1/2 inch thick diagonally; 12 ounces good French Brie, cut into 4 wedges; 6 tablespoons honey; 3 tablespoons roasted and salted pistachios; 4 ounces mache leaves (8 to 10 ounces with roots attached); 1 tablespoon syrupy aged balsamic vinegar; 3 tablespoons good olive oil; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 large Granny Smith apple, cored and thinly sliced | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees. Place the sliced bread on a sheet pan and bake for 6 to 8 minutes, until crisp. Arrange the 4 wedges of Brie snugly in one layer in a glass or ceramic baking dish. Drizzle the honey over the wedges and then scatter the pistachios over the top. Bake for 3 to 5 minutes (depending on the ripeness of the Brie) until the Brie just begins to ooze but isn't melted. Be careful-it happens fast! Place the mache in a large bowl and toss it gently with the balsamic vinegar and olive oil. Sprinkle with salt and pepper. Divide the salad among 4 <END>
INPUT: Asian, garlic, lime juice, soy sauce, honey, vegetable oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Broiled Salmon With Scallions and Sesame | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 2 garlic cloves, thinly sliced; 3 tablespoons fresh lime juice; 2 tablespoons soy sauce; 2 teaspoons honey; 1 tablespoon plus 2 teaspoons vegetable oil; 1/2 teaspoon sesame seeds, plus more for serving; 3 (8-ounce) skin-on center-cut salmon fillets; Kosher salt; 1 bunch scallions; 1 Fresno chile, thinly sliced | INSTRUCTIONS: Whisk garlic, lime juice, soy sauce, honey, 1 Tbsp. oil, and 1/2 tsp. sesame seeds in a small bowl. Season salmon fillets with salt and place in a resealable plastic bag; add half of marinade. Seal bag, pressing out air, and let salmon sit 30 minutes. Reserve remaining marinade. Preheat broiler. Toss scallions with remaining 2 tsp. oil on sizzle platter; broil until lightly charred, about 3 minutes. Remove salmon from marinade and set on top of scallions. Spoon some reserved marinade over and broil until salmon is charred around edges, about 6 minutes (watch closely to keep from burning). Spoo <END>
INPUT: cabbage, Granny Smith apple, onion, bacon slice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Wine-Braised Red Cabbage | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons (1/4 stick) butter; 2 1/2 cups thinly sliced red cabbage; 1/2 cup chopped peeled Granny Smith apple; 1/4 cup chopped red onion; 1 bacon slice, chopped; 1/4 cup dry red wine; 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar; 1/2 cup finely grated peeled russet potato; 1 tablespoon honey | INSTRUCTIONS: Melt butter in heavy large skillet over medium heat. Add cabbage, apple, onion and bacon. Sauté until cabbage is crisp-tender, about 6 minutes. Add wine and vinegar. Cover and cook until liquid evaporates and cabbage is tender, about 10 minutes. Add potato and honey. Cover and cook until potato is tender, about 3 minutes. Season cabbage mixture to taste with salt and pepper. Melt butter in heavy large skillet over medium heat. Add cabbage, apple, onion and bacon. Sauté until cabbage is crisp-tender, about 6 minutes. Add wine and vinegar. Cover and cook until liquid evaporates and cabbage is te <END>
INPUT: brittle, vanilla extract, baking soda, salt, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Peanut Brittle | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon vanilla extract; 1 tablespoon baking soda; 1 tablespoon salt; 3/4 cup (1 1/2 sticks) butter; 3 cups sugar; 1 cup light corn syrup; 3 cups shelled raw peanuts | INSTRUCTIONS: Measure the vanilla into a small bowl and set aside. Combine the baking soda and salt in another small bowl and set aside. Butter 1 cookie sheet with sides or jelly roll pan liberally with 1/2 stick of the butter. Set aside. Combine the sugar, corn syrup and 1/2 cup water in a large saucepan. Bring the mixture to a boil, attach a candy thermometer and cook over medium-high heat until the syrup spins a thread when poured from a spoon or reaches 240 degrees F on the thermometer. Stir in the peanuts and continue cooking and stirring until the candy becomes golden brown or reaches 300 degrees F. R <END>
INPUT: carnitas, pork shoulder, Salt pepper, oregano, cumin, olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pork Carnitas | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 pounds boneless pork shoulder (or 2 1/2 pounds bone-in); Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 teaspoons dried oregano; 1 teaspoon ground cumin; 1 tablespoon olive oil; 1 onion, coarsely chopped; 4 cloves garlic, minced; 1 jalapeno, seeded and ribs removed, chopped; 1 orange, cut in half; 3 tablespoons vegetable oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Rinse and dry the pork shoulder. Salt and pepper liberally. Mix the oregano and the cumin with olive oil and rub all over pork. Place the pork in a slow cooker and top with the onion, garlic, and jalapeno. Squeeze over the juice of the orange and add the two halves. Cover and cook on low for 8 to 10 hours or on high 4 hours. Once the meat is tender, remove from slow cooker and let cool slightly before pulling apart with a fork. In a large saute pan, heat the vegetable oil over high heat. Press the carnitas into the oil and fry until crusty on one side. Serve. <END>
INPUT: olive oil, garlic, beans, balsamic vinegar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sauteed Green Beans with Pimento | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 teaspoons olive oil; 2 cloves garlic, minced; 2 cups fresh or frozen green beans; 1 (4-ounce) jar diced pimentos; 1 tablespoon balsamic vinegar; 1 tablespoon water; Salt and ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Add garlic and cook 1 minute. Add green beans and pimento and cook 2 minutes. Add vinegar and water, cover and steam 3 to 5 minutes, until green beans are crisp-tender. Season, to taste, with salt and pepper. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, salad, spiced, fine grain bulgur, boiling water, lemon juice, honey, cumin
OUTPUT: TITLE: Bulgur Salad with Chickpeas, Roasted Peppers, and Spiced Cumin Dressing | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cups fine-grain bulgur; 3 cups boiling water; 3 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 1 teaspoon honey; 1 teaspoon ground cumin; 1/2 teaspoon cayenne pepper; Salt; 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 1 can chickpeas, rinsed and drained; 6 ounces drained jarred roasted red peppers, diced (about 1 cup); 1/4 cup minced fresh parsley leaves; 1 medium head Bibb lettuce, leaves separated; 4 pita breads, warmed and cut into wedges | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. Place the bulgur in a large bowl. Add the boiling water and set aside, stirring occasionally, until the bulgur has softened, 15 to 20 minutes. Drain the bulgur, shaking the strainer and gently pressing out excess moisture. Return the bulgur to the bowl. 2. Meanwhile, whisk the lemon juice, honey, cumin, cayenne, and 1/2 teaspoon salt together in a small bowl. Whisk in the oil until the dressing is smooth. 3. Add the chickpeas, roasted peppers, and parsley to the bowl with the drained bulgur and stir to combine. Drizzle the dressing over the bulgur mixture and toss to combine. 4. Line each i <END>
INPUT: Asian, chutney, eggplant, lemon juice, Tandoori Spice Blend, vegetable oil, tomato
OUTPUT: TITLE: Braised Halibut Fillets in Coconut and Lemongrass with Smoked Eggplant and Tomato Ginger Chutney | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1 large eggplant (about 1 1/4 pounds); 1 1/2 teaspoons fresh lemon juice; 1 teaspoon Tandoori Spice Blend; 1/2 teaspoon vegetable oil; 1 8-ounce tomato, peeled, seeded, diced; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh cilantro; 1 teaspoon grated peeled fresh ginger; 1 cup canned unsweetened coconut milk; 1/2 cup bottled clam juice; 1 lemongrass stalk, bottom 3 inches only, thinly sliced; 4 6-ounce halibut fillets; 4 red radishes, trimmed, scrubbed, cut into matchstick-size pieces (for garnish); Daikon radish sprouts (for garnish); Microgreens (for garnish; optional) | INSTRUCTIONS: Char eggplant directly over gas flame or in broiler until blackened all over and eggplant begins to collapse, turning occasionally, about 15 minutes. Place eggplant in large bowl; cool 10 minutes. Peel off skin; place eggplant flesh in strainer set over large bowl. Press on eggplant to release juices; let drain 15 minutes. Transfer eggplant to medium bowl; add lemon juice. Mix Tandoori Spice Blend and vegetable oil in small bowl; add to eggplant and mash with fork to coarse puree. Season smoked eggplant to taste with salt and pepper. DO AHEAD: Smoked eggplant can be made 1 day ahead. Cover and <END>
INPUT: American, giant, barbecue, coriander, paprika, cumin, kosher salt, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Giant Pork Chops with Sweet Peach Barbecue Sauce | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons ground coriander; 3 tablespoons ground paprika; 2 tablespoons ground cumin; 1 tablespoon kosher salt; 3 tablespoons freshly ground black pepper; 1 tablespoon brown sugar; 4 rib or loin pork chops, about 1 1/2-inch thick (12 to 14 ounces each); 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1 small red onion, peeled, sliced thin; 3 peaches, pitted, cut into medium sized cubes; 2 tablespoons peeled and minced fresh ginger; 2 medium ripe tomatoes, cut into medium sized cubes; 1/2 cup cider vinegar; 1/2 cup orange juice; 1/3 cup light or dark brown sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: Build a multi-level fire in the grill: Leave 1/4 of the bottom free of coals, bank the coals in the remaining 3/4 of the grill so that they are 3 times as high on 1 side as on the other. When the coals are all ignited and the temperature has lowered to medium (hold hand about 5-inches above grill grid, over the area where coals are deepest, for 4 to 5 seconds), the grill is ready to cook. Make spice rub: Combine the ingredients for the spice rub in a small bowl and mix well. Rub the pork chops generously on both sides with the mixture and set aside while making the sauce. Make the sauce: In a  <END>
INPUT: scalloped, baking potatoes, butter, flour, milk, salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: SCALLOPED POTATOES | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 large baking potatoes, like russets; 2 tablespoons butter; 2 tablespoons flour; 1 cup milk; Pinch salt and pepper; 1 cup fontal cheese, grated | INSTRUCTIONS: Boil the potatoes until you can pierce them with a fork, cool and slice thinly. Melt the butter in a saucepan. Whisk flour into melted butter and cook over medium heat until it thickens. Whisk in the milk and stir constantly until the mixture coats the back of a spoon. Layer the 3 components ending with the grated cheese in a 9 by 9-inch pan. Bake for approximately 40 minutes in a preheated 375-degree F oven. <END>
INPUT: chilled, soup, virgin olive oil, sun tomatoes, hot paprika, jarred pickled beets, roasted peppers
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chilled Tomato and Beet Soup | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 6 sun-dried tomatoes, plus 1 tablespoon finely diced; Large pinch hot paprika; 1/2 cup jarred sliced pickled beets, plus 1/3 cup pickled beet juice; 1/2 cup drained roasted red peppers, plus 1 tablespoon finely diced; 1 small clove garlic; Kosher salt; 1 medium ripe tomato, chopped; Store-bought beet chips, for garnish, optional; Sour cream or yogurt, for garnish, optional | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine the oil, sun-dried tomatoes and paprika in a small skillet. Bring to a low simmer over medium-low heat and swirl until the tomatoes soften, 2 to 3 minutes. Set aside to cool completely. Combine the sun-dried tomatoes and oil with the beets and beet juice, peppers, garlic and 3/4 teaspoon salt in a medium bowl. Let sit at room temperature for at least 30 minutes for the flavors to meld. Puree in a blender with 1 cup cold water until very smooth. Transfer to a bowl or large liquid measuring cup and refrigerate until chilled, at least 1 hour. Divide the soup evenly among four bowls. Sprin <END>
INPUT: frittata, bell peppers, eggs, milk, Parmigiano Reggiano, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Red Pepper Frittata | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 red bell peppers; 12 large eggs; 1/4 cup whole milk; 1 1/2 ounces finely grated Parmigiano-Reggiano (3/4 cup); 2 garlic cloves, minced; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/2 teaspoon black pepper; 1 pound tomatoes (2 large), peeled (see cooks' note below), seeded, and chopped; 1/4 cup chopped fresh basil; 3 tablespoons olive oil; 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh flat-leaf parsley | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat broiler. Broil bell peppers on a broiler pan 5 inches from heat, turning occasionally, until skins are blackened, about 15 minutes. Transfer to a bowl and let stand, covered, until cooled slightly, 10 minutes. Peel peppers, discarding stems, then cut lengthwise into 1/4-inch strips. Whisk together eggs, milk, cheese, garlic, salt, and black pepper in a large bowl, then stir in tomatoes and basil. Heat 2 tablespoons oil in a 12-inch nonstick skillet over moderately high heat until hot but not smoking. Pour in egg mixture and cook, lifting up cooked egg around edge occasionally to let ra <END>
INPUT: Asian, beef shanks meat, onions, piece ginger, garlic, vegetable oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Beef Pho | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 2 beef shanks with meat on them (about 2 1/4 pounds total); 3 large yellow onions, halved; 1 6-inch piece ginger, halved lengthwise; 1 head garlic, halved crosswise; 2 tablespoons vegetable oil; Kosher salt; 2 cinnamon sticks; 4 star anise pods; 3 tablespoons black peppercorns; 3 quarts low-sodium beef broth; 1/3 cup fish sauce; 1 pound flat rice noodles; 8 ounces deli-sliced roast beef, torn into pieces; 4 cups bean sprouts; 1 large bunch Thai basil or mint, leaves torn | INSTRUCTIONS: Make the broth: Position a rack in the upper third of the oven and preheat to 450 degrees F. Toss the beef shanks, onions, ginger and garlic with the vegetable oil on a rimmed baking sheet and season generously with salt. Roast, turning once halfway through, until the meat and vegetables are slightly charred, about 30 minutes. Transfer to a large pot. Meanwhile, toast the cinnamon sticks, star anise pods and peppercorns in a small skillet over medium heat, shaking the pan, 5 minutes. Add the beef broth, 2 quarts water, the toasted spices and the fish sauce to the pot with the beef shanks. Brin <END>
INPUT: betty, apples, granulated sugar, cinnamon, ginger, Juice lemon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Apple Brown Betty with Sorghum Zabaglione | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 to 8 apples (Gala or Granny Smith), peeled, cored, and cut into 1/4-inch slices; 1/2 cup granulated sugar; 2 teaspoons ground cinnamon; 1/2 teaspoon ground ginger; Juice of 1 lemon; 1/2 vanilla bean, seeds and pod; 1/2 loaf bread, crust removed (any type of white bread is fine); 6 tablespoons (3/4 stick) unsalted butter; 2 tablespoons packed light brown sugar; 3 cups Sorghum Zabaglione | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350°F. Lightly butter an 8 by 8-inch baking dish. In a large bowl, toss the apples with the granulated sugar, cinnamon, ginger, lemon juice, and the vanilla pod and seeds. Cover with plastic wrap and let sit for 30 minutes. Tear the bread up and pulse in a food processor. Spread out the bread crumbs on a rimmed baking sheet and toast in the oven for 5 to 8 minutes, until golden. Set aside. While the bread crumbs are toasting, place 4 tablespoons of the butter into a small saucepan over medium heat. Cook until the milk solids separate from the fat and the butter begins to br <END>
INPUT: Indian, carpaccio, chips, coriander seeds, cumin seeds, mustard seeds, kosher salt, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pan Seared Beef Carpaccio with Potato Chips, Fried Capers and Lemon Aioli | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon crushed coriander seeds; 1 tablespoon crushed cumin seeds; 1 tablespoon crushed mustard seeds; 1 tablespoon kosher salt; 1 tablespoon cracked black pepper; 1 (1 1/2-pound) beef tenderloin; 2 tablespoons canola oil; 1 clove garlic; 1 teaspoon kosher salt; 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard; 1 egg; 1 cup olive oil; Juice and zest of 1/2 lemon; Kosher salt and cracked pepper; 3 Yukon Gold potatoes, very thinly sliced | INSTRUCTIONS: For the beef carpaccio: In a small bowl, mix the spices together. Completely coat the beef with the spice mix. In a pan, heat the oil over medium-high heat and sear the beef on all sides until golden brown and crusted, about 2 minutes on each side. Wrap the tenderloin in plastic wrap and place in the refrigerator until ready to slice. For the aioli: With the back of a knife, crush the garlic. Place in a bowl with 1 teaspoon salt and the Dijon mustard. Add the egg and whisk to blend. Slowly whisk in the oil, a little at a time, until all the oil is mixed in and the aioli emulsifies and becomes  <END>
INPUT: Mexican, unsalted butter, chipotle chili adobo, Kosher salt pepper, lime, steaks
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled T-bone with Chipotle Chili Lime Butter with Bush's Texas Ranchero Grillin' Beans | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 8 Tbsp unsalted butter, room temperature; 1 chipotle chili in adobo, minced; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 lime; 2 T-bone steaks, 11/2-2 inches thick, about 11/2 pounds each; Bush's® Texas Ranchero Grillin' Beans® | INSTRUCTIONS: Evenly combine butter and chipotle with some finely grated zest and juice from lime with 1 teaspoon salt in a bowl. Mound steak onto a square of plastic wrap in a log shape, about 6 inches long. Roll it up in the plastic, twisting the ends tightly to seal. Refrigerate until firm, about 1 hour. Preheat a grill to high. Season steaks all over with salt and pepper. Brush grates with oil. Grill the steaks, turning once, until an instant-read thermometer inserted horizontally registers 130 degrees for medium-rare, about 8 minutes per side. Transfer steaks to a cutting board and let rest 10 minutes. <END>
INPUT: American, wafersand, Kellogg's Corn Flakes®, unsalted butter, all purpose flour, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Kellogg's Corn Flakes Cheese Wafersand#153; | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups Kellogg's Corn Flakes® cereal; 1 cup (4 oz.) finely shredded cheddar cheese; 1/2 cup unsalted butter*, softened and cut into small pieces; 1 cup all-purpose flour; 1/2 teaspoon salt*; 1/4 teaspoon cayenne pepper; 2/3 cup Kellogg's Corn Flakes® cereal (crushed to 1/3 cup) | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. In food processor bowl process 2 cups KELLOGG'S CORN FLAKES® cereal and cheese until crumbly. Add butter. Process until combined. Add flour, salt and cayenne pepper. Process until dough forms. 2. Turn out onto lightly floured surface. Knead for 5 to 6 strokes. Shape into long rolls with 1-inch diameter. Wrap in plastic wrap. Refrigerate at least 2 hours. 3. Remove plastic wrap. Cut rolls into 1/4-inch-thick slices. Place on ungreased baking sheets. Sprinkle crushed cereal on tops. Bake at 400degreesF about 10 minutes or until lightly browned. Transfer to wire rack. Cool completely. *Note: I <END>
INPUT: sour, egg, ice cubes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pisco Sour | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup (2 ounces) Pisco; 2 tablespoons (1 ounce) fresh lime juice; 1 tablespoon (1/2 ounce) simple syrup; 1 large egg white; 1 cup ice cubes; Dash (3 drops) Angostura or Peruvian bitters | INSTRUCTIONS: In large cocktail shaker, combine Pisco, lime juice, simple syrup, and egg white. Shake vigorously for 25 seconds. Add ice and shake vigorously again. Strain into coupe glass and dot three drops of bitters on top of froth. If desired, drag toothpick through dots to create patterns such as hearts or squiggles. In large cocktail shaker, combine Pisco, lime juice, simple syrup, and egg white. Shake vigorously for 25 seconds. Add ice and shake vigorously again. Strain into coupe glass and dot three drops of bitters on top of froth. If desired, drag toothpick through dots to create patterns such as <END>
INPUT: American, soup, unsalted butter, olive oil, shallots, garlic, Kosher salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Creamy Sweet Potato and Rosemary Soup | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature; 3 tablespoons olive oil; 3 large or 6 small shallots, thinly sliced; 2 to 3 cloves garlic, minced; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 pounds (about 2 to 3) sweet potatoes, peeled, trimmed and cut into 1/2-inch pieces; 2 (6-inch long) stems fresh rosemary; 6 cups low-sodium chicken broth; 1/2 cup mascarpone cheese, at room temperature; 3 tablespoons maple syrup | INSTRUCTIONS: In an 8-quart stockpot, melt the butter and oil together over medium-high heat. Add the shallots and garlic. Season with salt and pepper and cook until soft, about 3 to 4 minutes. Add the sweet potatoes, rosemary and chicken broth. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Bring the mixture to a boil, reduce the heat and simmer until the sweet potatoes are very tender, about 20 to 25 minutes. Turn off the heat and remove the rosemary stems. Using an immersion blender, blend the mixture until smooth and thick. Whisk in the mascarpone cheese and maple syrup until smooth. Season with salt and pepper <END>
INPUT: fine quality bittersweet, heavy cream, egg yolks, egg, granulated sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate Orange Crème Brûlée | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 ounces fine-quality bittersweet chocolate (not unsweetened), chopped; 1 3/4 cups heavy cream; 6 large egg yolks; 1 whole large egg; 1/2 cup granulated sugar; 1 3/4 cups milk; 2 tablespoons Grand Marnier; 1 teaspoon freshly grated orange zest; 1/4 cup firmly packed light brown sugar or raw sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 325°F. Put chocolate in a small metal bowl. In a heavy saucepan heat 1/2 cup cream over moderately high heat until it just comes to a boil and pour over chocolate. Let chocolate stand until softened and whisk mixture until smooth. In a bowl whisk together yolks, whole egg, and granulated sugar and whisk in chocolate mixture. In pan heat remaining 1 1/4 cups cream and milk until mixture just comes to a boil. Add milk mixture to egg mixture in a stream, whisking, and whisk in Grand Marnier and zest. Skim off any froth. Divide custard among eight 1/2-cup flameproof ramekins set in <END>
INPUT: American, Granny Smith, quince, granulated sugar, water, sheet puff pastry
OUTPUT: TITLE: Apple and Quince Pie | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/4 pounds Granny Smith, Jonathan or other cooking apples; 1 large quince; Raw granulated sugar, as needed; About 1 1/4 cups water; A sheet of puff pastry or 1/2 pound shortcrust pastry dough, recipes follows; Sprinkling demerara sugar; 1 1/2 cups all-purpose flour; Pinch salt; 3/4 cup unsalted butter; 2/3 cup cold water | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Peel, core and slice the apples, then peel, core and grate the quince. Fill a pie pan with the fruit, sprinkling sugar over each layer, and mounding it up toward the center of the pan. Pour the water into the pan to come halfway up to the fruit. Roll out the dough. Cut off a thin strip and attach it to the rim of the pan, brushing the rim with water first. Brush the strip with water and cover the pan with the sheet of dough, cutting off all the overhanging bits. Crimp the edges, brush the top with eggwash, and strew over the demerara sugar. Bake for 20 minute <END>
INPUT: topped, haupia, sugar, sweet rice flour, baking powder, milk, eggs
OUTPUT: TITLE: Baked Butter Mochi Cups Topped with Haupia Pudding | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 cups sugar; 2 1/3 cups sweet rice flour, such as Mochiko brand; 3 teaspoons baking powder; 2 cups milk, at room temperature; 5 eggs; 1 stick (1/4 pound) butter, at room temperature; One 12-ounce can coconut milk; 1/3 cup sugar; 2 tablespoons cornstarch; 1/8 teaspoon salt; One 12-ounce can coconut milk | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: Two 12-cup cupcake pans Cupcake liners For the cups: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Prepare two cupcake pans with cupcake liners. In a stand mixer fitted with a paddle attachment, mix the sugar, flour and baking powder at medium speed. Then add the milk, eggs, butter and coconut milk, and mix until smooth. Fill the cupcake liners to the top. Bake until golden brown, 45 minutes to 1 hour. Set aside to cool. For the pudding: Mix the sugar, cornstarch and salt in mixer at medium speed. Then slowly add coconut milk and mix until smooth. Transfer the mixture to a small pot, a <END>
INPUT: American, apples, sugar, zest juice lemon, dark rum, vanilla extract
OUTPUT: TITLE: Apple Pie with Leaf Lard Crust | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 8 medium apples (3 different types, such as Granny Smith, Haralson and Honeycrisp, or any three you like), peeled, cored and cut into 1-inch chunks; 1 cup sugar, plus more for dusting the pie; Grated zest and juice of 1 lemon; 2 tablespoons dark rum, optional; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; 5 tablespoons cornstarch; 1/2 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg; Pinch salt; All-purpose flour, for rolling the dough; Leaf Lard Crust, recipe follows; 2 to 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, cold, cut into thin pats; Heavy cream, for the pie wash; 2 1/2 cups all-purpose flour; 2 tablespoons sugar; 3/4 teaspoon fine seat salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. In a large bowl, toss the apples with the sugar, lemon zest and juice, rum (if using), vanilla, cornstarch, nutmeg and salt. Macerate at room temperature for about 2 hours or, refrigerated, overnight. Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Dust a worktop and rolling pin with flour. Roll out one dough disk a little less than 1/4-inch thick, about 14 inches in diameter. Fold the dough in half and transfer it to a 9- or 10-inch pie plate. Unfold. Press the dough into the corners, leaving the overhang. Refrigerate the first crust while you roll out the second disk of dou <END>
INPUT: American, sandwich, night, baby portobello mushrooms, sage leaves, Salt pepper, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sandwich Night: The Sliced Chicken and Mushroom Rachael | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 4 tablespoons (1/2 stick) butter; 1/2 pound baby portobello mushrooms, sliced; 2 tablespoons fresh sage leaves, thinly sliced, or 1 1/2 teaspoons dried sage; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 large onion, thinly sliced; 1-pound package sauerkraut, rinsed and drained; 4 (6-ounce) boneless skinless chicken breast halves; Grill seasoning blend (recommended: McCormick Montreal Steak Seasoning); 1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil; 1/2 cup sour cream; 2 tablespoons dill relish; 3 tablespoons ketchup; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh dill or 1 1/2 teaspoons dried dill; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh flat-leaf parsley leaves; 8 slices marble rye, rye, or pumpernickel bread | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. In a small skillet, melt 2 tablespoons of the butter over medium heat, then add the mushrooms, and raise the heat a bit. Cook the mushrooms until tender and dark, about 8 to 10 minutes. Add the sage midway through the cooking time. Season the mushrooms with salt and pepper, to taste, after they're dark and tender, as salt slows the browning by drawing out liquids. Meanwhile, in a second small skillet over medium heat melt another tablespoon of the butter. Add the onions, season with salt and pepper, to taste, and cook until tender, 10 to 12 minutes. Stir in the s <END>
INPUT: Asian, pressed, garlic, sea salt kosher, mint leaves, zest lemon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Crispy Pressed Tofu with Garlic and Mint | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 2 (14-ounce) packages extra-firm tofu; 4 large garlic cloves, smashed; 1 1/2 teaspoons sea salt or kosher salt, plus more to season; 1/2 cup packed chopped fresh mint leaves; Finely grated zest of 1 lemon; 3 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 1 tablespoons Aleppo pepper flakes or 1/2 teaspoon red pepper flakes; 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Slice each piece of tofu crosswise into 4 (1/2-inch) thick slabs. Place a clean kitchen towel onto a rimmed baking sheet so that only half the towel is on the sheet. Put the tofu in one layer onto the towel and fold the other half of the towel over. Gently press the tofu several times to extract the excess water. Mash the garlic to a paste with the salt. In a large bowl, whisk together the mint, lemon zest, lemon juice, garlic paste, and pepper flakes. Whisking constantly, drizzle in the olive oil. Toss the tofu with the marinade, cover with plastic wrap, and let <END>
INPUT: Italian, lemoncello, spaghetti, garlic, flat anchovy fillet, olive oil, lemon zest
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spaghetti Lemoncello | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 pound spaghetti; 4 garlic cloves; 1 flat anchovy fillet; 3 tablespoons olive oil; 2 teaspoons freshly grated lemon zest; a pinch dried hot red pepper flakes; 3 tablespoons minced fresh parsley leaves; 1 tablespoon freshly grated Parmesan plus additional for serving | INSTRUCTIONS: Fill a 6-quart kettle three fourths full with salted water and bring to a boil for spaghetti. Thinly slice garlic and finely chop anchovy. Cook pasta in boiling water until almost al dente. While pasta is cooking, in a 12-inch heavy skillet cook garlic in oil over moderate heat, stirring, until golden. Remove skillet from heat and stir in anchovy, zest, red pepper flakes, and 1/2 cup pasta cooking water. Ladle out and reserve 1 cup additional cooking water and drain pasta in a colander. Add pasta to garlic mixture and cook over moderately high heat, tossing and, if necessary, adding enough res <END>
INPUT: dessert, variations, lukewarm water, cube yeast, all purpose flour, virgin olive oil, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Dessert Pizza with Variations: Grape and Pine Nut, Apple and Gorgonzola, Mascarpone and Chocolate-Ha | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups/500 ml lukewarm water; 1 cube or 2 tablespoons/30 ml fresh yeast; 4 cups/1 L all-purpose flour; 2 tablespoons/30 ml extra-virgin olive oil; 1 teaspoon/5 ml salt; 1 recipe Pizza Dough; 10 grapes, halved; 1/4 cup/50 ml pine nuts; Sugar, for sprinkling; 1 recipe Pizza Dough; 1 apple, peeled, cored and sliced; 2 ounces/75 g Gorgonzola cheese, crumbled; 1/2 cup/125 ml walnuts; Honey, for drizzling; 1 recipe Pizza Dough | INSTRUCTIONS: For the dough: Add the water to a bowl. Then add the yeast a little at a time and break up the cube of yeast with your hands. Let the yeast fully dissolve in the warm water and let stand for 2 minutes. Add the flour on a smooth work surface and create a well in the center of the flour. Slowly add the yeast-water mixture, olive oil, and salt until the flour has absorbed the liquid. Knead the dough until the mixture becomes an even dough consistency. If necessary, add a little more flour to absorb any excess liquid. Divide the dough into 4 equal portions to make individual-size pizzas. Place on  <END>
INPUT: Mexican, empanadas, dipping, grapeseed oil, pork tenderloin, chili powder, Salt pepper, scallions
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chili Pork Empanadas with Avocado Dipping Sauce | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons grapeseed oil; 1/4 pound pork tenderloin, cut into small cubes; 1 tablespoon chili powder; Salt and freshly cracked black pepper; 3 scallions, sliced; 1/4 cup chopped cilantro leaves; 2 chipotles, diced; 1 cup crumbled queso fresco; 2 (9-inch) pie rounds; 2 eggs, beaten; 2 tablespoons butter; 6 shallots, sliced; 1 ripe avocado, halved, pitted and flesh chopped; 1/4 cup olive oil; 1/4 cup red wine vinegar | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Add the oil to a large saute pan over medium-high heat. Season the pork with chili powder, salt and pepper, to taste, and quickly sear for 2 minutes. Remove from the pan to a bowl and cool slightly. Add the scallions, cilantro, chipotles and queso fresco and mix well. Roll out the pie rounds on a lightly floured surface and using a 3-inch biscuit cutter, punch out rounds of dough. Put about 2 tablespoons of the filling, off-center, on each dough round. Brush the edges of the dough with beaten egg. Fold the dough over the filling <END>
INPUT: American, tuscan, sandwich, Chicken Breast Fillets, sourdough bread, pizza sauce, pesto, Mozzarella
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tuscan Chicken Pizza Sandwich | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: Chicken Breast Fillets; 8 pieces of sourdough bread; 1 cup pizza sauce; 1 cup pesto; 8 slices fresh Mozzarella; 4 large tomato slices (optional); Olive oil for drizzling; Oregano | INSTRUCTIONS: Prepare Tyson chicken according to package directions. Place 2 slices of cheese on each chicken breast and warm an additional 4-5 minutes, or until cheese melts. Set aside and keep warm. Preheat a Panini Press to med-high heat. Slather one piece of bread with pizza sauce and sprinkle with oregano. Spread second piece of bread with pesto sauce. Add chicken to one slice of bread, top with tomato and other slice of bread. Brush the outside of sandwich with olive oil and place on the hot Panini press. Press for 5-7 minutes until the top of the bread is golden brown. Repeat for the remaining sandwi <END>
INPUT: salad, crostini, apple cider vinegar, distilled vinegar, sugar, kosher salt, eggs
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pickled Egg Salad Crostini with Serrano Ham | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup apple cider vinegar; 1/2 cup distilled white vinegar; 1 teaspoon sugar; 1 1/2 teaspoons kosher salt, plus more; 6 large eggs; 1/3 cup mayonnaise; 1/4 cup finely chopped fresh chives; 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh parsley; Freshly ground black pepper; 12 1/4"-thick slices country-style bread or ciabatta; 3 tablespoons olive oil; 2 garlic cloves; Chervil or parsley leaves with tender stems (for serving); 12 slices Serrano ham or prosciutto | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring vinegars, sugar, 1 1/2 teaspoons salt, and 1/2 cup water to a simmer in a medium saucepan. Let cool. Meanwhile, place eggs in a medium saucepan and add water to cover by 2". Bring to a boil, cover, and remove from heat. Let sit 10 minutes. Transfer eggs to a bowl of ice water to cool. Drain, peel, and return to bowl. Add pickling liquid; cover and chill at least 12 hours. Remove eggs from pickling liquid. Coarsely chop; mix with mayonnaise, chives, and parsley in a medium bowl. Season with salt, pepper, and some pickling liquid, if desired. Preheat oven to 425°. Place bread on a baking s <END>
INPUT: Asian, mignonette, shallot, sherry vinegar, Couple pinches superfine, grinds pepper, ginger
OUTPUT: TITLE: Oysters with Ginger Mignonette | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1 small shallot minced; 1/4 cup sherry vinegar; Couple small pinches superfine sugar; 10 grinds freshly ground black pepper; 1 teaspoon finely grated ginger; 2 dozen shucked oysters on the half shell | INSTRUCTIONS: Whisk together mignonette ingredients and spoon over oysters. <END>
INPUT: American, turkey, cookies, slice bake sugar, Three four tubes, candy corn, bittersweet chocolate chips
OUTPUT: TITLE: Slice-and-Bake Turkey Cookies | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: One 16.5-ounce package slice-and-bake sugar cookie dough; Three to four .67-ounce tubes orange decorating gel or icing; 84 pieces candy corn; Three to four .67-ounce tubes black decorating gel or icing; 24 bittersweet chocolate chips; 24 thin pretzel sticks, optional | INSTRUCTIONS: Bake the cookies according to package directions and cool completely. Make the turkey feathers by drawing a zigzag pattern along the edge of half of a cookie with the orange gel. Place 7 pieces of candy corn, pointed-side in, along the zigzag to hold in place. Just below the feathers, make the face: squeeze 2 dots of the black gel for the eyes and a small "V" just below the eyes for the beak. Place a chocolate chip over each dot of gel to finish the eyes. Below the face, draw two legs with the black gel; draw 2 parallel, vertical lines and 3 toes coming off of each leg. Break the pretzels to t <END>
INPUT: Mexican, cilantro, bottled clam juice, lime juice, onion, ginger
OUTPUT: TITLE: Steamed Snapper with Ginger, Lime, and Cilantro | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 5 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro, divided; 1/4 cup bottled clam juice; 2 tablespoons fresh lime juice; 2 tablespoons chopped green onion; 1 tablespoon grated peeled fresh ginger (see tip below); 1 tablespoon soy sauce; 1 tablespoon toasted sesame oil; 1 teaspoon fish sauce (such as nam pla or nuoc nam)*; 2 6- to 8-ounce red snapper fillets or halibut fillets | INSTRUCTIONS: Mix 3 tablespoons cilantro and next 7 ingredients in small bowl to blend. Set aside. Pour enough water into large pot to reach depth of 1 inch. Add steamer rack or basket. Top with 9-inch-diameter glass pie dish. Bring water to boil. Place fish in pie dish. Pour cilantro sauce over. Sprinkle with salt and pepper. Cover pot; steam fish just until opaque in center, about 6 minutes for snapper and 8 minutes for halibut. Serve with sauce; garnish with 2 tablespoons cilantro. Mix 3 tablespoons cilantro and next 7 ingredients in small bowl to blend. Set aside. Pour enough water into large pot to rea <END>
INPUT: cocktail, pomegranate seeds, carton pomegranate juice, champagne, mint
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pomegranate Champagne Cocktail | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons pomegranate seeds; One 8-ounce carton pomegranate juice; 1 bottle champagne, chilled; 6 sprigs fresh mint | INSTRUCTIONS: Place 1 teaspoon of pomegranate seeds in the bottom of each of 6 champagne glasses. Fill halfway with pomegranate juice and top up with cold champagne. Garnish with a sprig of mint. <END>
INPUT: slaw, ginger, beets, Granny Smith apple, sherry vinegar, virgin olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Apple and Raw Beet Slaw | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 teaspoon grated ginger; 1 pound beets, peeled; 1 large Granny Smith apple, or similar flavored and textured apple; 3 tablespoons sherry vinegar; 1 to 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1/2 teaspoon coarse grain salt; 1/8 teaspoon cracked black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: In a medium sized salad bowl, using a microplane grater (or the smallest holes of a cheese grater) grate fresh ginger directly into bowl, about one teaspoon. Grate beets and apples, add them to the bowl with the ginger, and toss until ginger is evenly distributed. Add sherry vinegar, salt, and pepper to bowl and toss, to coat evenly. Add olive oil, stir to combine. Taste and adjust seasonings. Serve immediately or keep refrigerated. Tip: Cut beets and apples into thin slices: stack the slices directly on top of one another and cut them into matchstick size strips or grate them using a v-slicer <END>
INPUT: sweet potatoes, pure maple syrup, Crumbled gingersnaps, Roasted marshmallows
OUTPUT: TITLE: Ash-Roasted Sweet Potatoes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 medium sweet potatoes; 4 tablespoons (1/2 stick) salted butter; 1/4 cup pure maple syrup; Crumbled gingersnaps (optional; for serving); Roasted marshmallows (optional; for serving) | INSTRUCTIONS: Light a campfire and let it burn down to embers. Nestle potatoes in embers and cook, rotating a quarter turn every 10 minutes or so, until very tender when pierced with a knife, 45–60 minutes. The potatoes will blacken and char on the outside; don't worry, you're only eating the flesh. If you prefer, wrap potatoes individually in foil and cook using the same procedure. Using tongs, transfer potatoes to plates and let cool at least 10 minutes. Cut a slit lengthwise down each potato and mash flesh with a fork. Spread 1 tablespoon butter inside each potato and drizzle with maple syrup. Top with g <END>
INPUT: fashioned, cabbage, corned beef, bay leaf, peppercorns, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: New Fashioned Corned Beef and Cabbage | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 pounds lean corned beef, rolled and tied; 1 bay leaf; 1/2 teaspoon black peppercorns; 1 onion, sliced | INSTRUCTIONS: Thoroughly rinse the corned beef under cold running water to remove surface salt. Place it in a 6 quart casserole. Add enough water to cover by an inch, and add bay leaf, peppercorns and onion. Bring to a boil over high heat, skimming off the foam and grayish matter as it rises to the surface. Cook for 2 1/2 to 3 hours or until the corned beef is tender when pierced with a fork. To reheat storebought cornedbeef wrap corned beef in foil and heat for about half an hour in a 325 degree oven until heated through. <END>
INPUT: American, veggie, meatloaf, butter, breadcrumbs, sun tomatoes, water, eggs
OUTPUT: TITLE: Veggie Meatloaf with Mushrooms and Sun-Dried Tomatoes | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons butter, at room temperature; 1 cup breadcrumbs, plus more for coating ramekins; 4 ounces sun-dried tomatoes; 1 cup warm water; 2 eggs; 3 tablespoons olive oil; 1 yellow onion, diced; 2 cloves garlic, minced; 1 pound mix of portobello and cremini mushrooms, trimmed and finely chopped in a food processor; Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper; 4 ounces Cheddar, grated; 8 ounces baby spinach leaves, for serving | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Butter 4 (8-ounce) ramekins and lightly coat with breadcrumbs. 2. Soak the sun-dried tomatoes in the water until soft. Remove the tomatoes and coarsely chop. In a large bowl, whisk together the eggs and soaking water, and add the breadcrumbs. Set aside. 3. Heat a large skillet over medium-high heat, add the olive oil, followed by the onions. Cook until brown, stirring frequently, about 10 minutes. Add the garlic, mushrooms, and sun-dried tomatoes and cook until the liquid from the mushrooms has evaporated, about 15 minutes. Stir in 1 1/2 teaspoons salt and <END>
INPUT: herb, escargot, butter, shallot, garlic, Italian parsley
OUTPUT: TITLE: Escargot, in the Shell with Herb Butter | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound escargot, in shell; 1 stick butter, room temperature; 1 shallot, minced; 1 clove garlic, minced; 2 tablespoons Italian parsley, minced; 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; Salt and pepper; Serving suggestions: toasted piece of baguette or fresh tomato-basil sauce | INSTRUCTIONS: Rinse the escargot under warm water, pat shells dry with a paper towel, then set aside. In a small mixing bowl, combine the butter, shallots, garlic, parsley, and lemon juice. Mix all ingredients well with a small spoon. Lightly season butter with salt and pepper, until desired taste is achieved. When butter is at desired flavor, begin to scoop a small amount of herb butter in each shell of escargot. If there is extra butter left over after each shell has been filled, go back and continue the process, adding extra butter, until all the butter has been used. Put the stuffed shells into the frid <END>
INPUT: salad, vinaigrette, water, lemon juice, salt, peppercorns, uncooked shrimp
OUTPUT: TITLE: Shrimp and Cucumber Salad with Dill Vinaigrette | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 8 cups water; 5 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 1 teaspoon salt; 1 teaspoon whole black peppercorns; 24 uncooked large shrimp, peeled, tails left intact, deveined; 3 large English hothouse cucumbers; 1/3 cup safflower oil or grapeseed oil; 1/3 cup Champagne vinegar or white wine vinegar; 2 medium shallots, minced; 3 tablespoons chopped fresh dill; 1/4 teaspoon sugar; 8 large butter lettuce leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine first 4 ingredients in large saucepan; boil 10 minutes. Add shrimp; cook just until opaque in center, about 1 minute. Drain. Transfer shrimp to bowl. (Can be made 1 day ahead. Cover; chill.) Peel cucumbers and cut lengthwise in half. Using spoon, scrape out seeds and discard. Coarsely grate cucumbers. Transfer cucumbers to bowl of ice water. Whisk oil, vinegar, shallots, dill, and sugar in medium bowl; season with salt and pepper. (Cucumbers and vinaigrette can be made 3 hours ahead. Cover; chill.) Drain cucumbers well. Transfer to paper towels; pat dry. Return cucumbers to bowl. Add 1 <END>
INPUT: garlic, lemon juice, wine vinegar, vegetable oil, zucchini
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Marinated Zucchini | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 large garlic clove, minced and mashed to a paste with 1/2 teaspoon salt; 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 1 teaspoon white-wine vinegar; 1/4 cup vegetable oil; 2 zucchini (each about 1 1/2 inches in diameter), scrubbed | INSTRUCTIONS: In a small bowl whisk together the garlic paste, the lemon juice, the vinegar, and pepper to taste and whisk in the oil. In a shallow baking dish large enough to hold the zucchini in one layer combine the zucchini, halved lengthwise, and the marinade and let the zucchini marinate, covered and chilled, turning them several times, overnight. Grill the zucchini on an oiled rack set 5 to 6 inches over glowing coals for 8 minutes and brush them with some of the marinade. Turn the zucchini, grill them for 6 to 8 minutes, or until they are tender, and transfer them to a work surface. (Alternatively t <END>
INPUT: American, crusted, flambeed, Scotch whisky, olive oil, butter, steaks, peppercorns
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pepper-Crusted Pan Steak Flambeed in Whisky | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup plus 1 tablespoon Scotch whisky; 2 1/2 tablespoons olive oil; 2 tablespoons butter; 2 boneless rib steaks (1 to 1 1/4 pounds each), cut 1 1/2 inches thick; 1 1/2 tablespoons black peppercorns; 2 teaspoons coarse salt; 1 teaspoon herbes de Provence | INSTRUCTIONS: Trim any excess fat you can off the meat. Set the steaks in a baking dish just large enough to hold them in a single layer. In a spice grinder or with a mortar and pestle, grind together the peppercorns, salt, and herbes de Provence until the peppercorns are coarsely ground. Transfer to a small bowl and stir in 1 tablespoon each of whisky and olive oil. Rub this spice paste all over the steaks. Set aside at room temperature to marinate for 1 hour. Heat your nonstick frying pan over high heat for 1 minute. Add the remaining 1 1/2 tablespoons oil and heat 1 minute longer. Add the steaks, cover,  <END>
INPUT: sausage, pork shoulder, pork fatback, sugar, garlic, fennel seeds
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pork Sausage | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 pounds pork shoulder, cubed; 1/2 pound pork fatback, cubed; 1 tablespoon sugar; 3 cloves garlic, minced; 1 1/2 teaspoons fennel seeds, toasted; Kosher salt; 1 4 1/2-foot hog casing, soaked in water 30 minutes and then flushed with water; Coleslaw, for serving | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine the pork, pork fatback, sugar, garlic, fennel seeds and 1 tablespoon salt in a large bowl. Transfer to a large plastic zip-top bag and refrigerate overnight. At least 30 minutes before grinding the meat, place all of your tools (including the meat grinder parts, stand mixer bowl, stand mixer paddle attachment and sausage stuffer parts) in the freezer to chill. Using your meat grinder, grind the marinated meat mixture through the small die plate into the chilled bowl of the stand mixer. Refrigerate at least 30 minutes, then return the mixture to the mixer and beat on medium speed using  <END>
INPUT: sherbet, unsalted butter, light sugar, vanilla bean, pineapple, water
OUTPUT: TITLE: Vanilla Roasted Pineapple with Buttermilk Sherbet | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1/4 cup light brown sugar; 1 vanilla bean, split lengthwise; 1 pineapple, peeled and left whole; 1/2 cup water; 1 cup sugar; 2 cups water; 2 cups buttermilk; 1/2 cup key lime juice, fresh or bottled | INSTRUCTIONS: Make the pineapple the day before you plan to serve the dessert. Preheat oven to 375 degrees F. Melt the butter over medium-high heat in a deep heavy ovenproof pot, large enough to hold the pineapple on its side. Add the brown sugar and vanilla bean. Cook, stirring, to melt and caramelize the sugar, 3 to 5 minutes. Lay the pineapple in the pot and let simmer, turning on all sides to brown. Add the water to the pan, cover and put pan into the oven. Baste occasionally, until roasted through to the core, about 1 hour. If needed, add more water a tablespoon at a time. Let the pineapple cool in the <END>
INPUT: Italian, Kosher salt, virgin olive oil, garlic, tomato paste, pepper flakes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Garlic-Tomato Pasta with Peas | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: Kosher salt; 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 6 cloves garlic, thinly sliced; 3 tablespoons tomato paste; 1/4 teaspoon red pepper flakes; 1 cup frozen peas, thawed; 10 ounces angel hair pasta; 1/2 cup fresh basil, roughly chopped, plus more for topping; 1/2 cup grated parmesan cheese (about 1 ounce) | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Heat the olive oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Add the garlic and cook, stirring constantly, until the edges start turning golden, about 1 minute. Add the tomato paste to the skillet and cook, stirring, 1 minute. Add the red pepper flakes, then add 1 1/2 cups of the boiling water; stir to dissolve the tomato paste. Simmer until reduced by half, about 5 minutes, adding the peas halfway through. Season with salt. Meanwhile, add the pasta to the boiling water and cook until softened but not cooked through, 2 to 4 minutes. Reserve 1/2 cup cooki <END>
INPUT: Italian, spaghetti, meatballs, garlic, olive oil, Salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spaghetti with Meatballs | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 7 cloves garlic; 1 tablespoon olive oil; 1 (28-ounce) can peeled San Marzano tomatoes, crushed by hand; 1 (28-ounce) can plum tomatoes, chopped coarse; Salt and pepper; 1/4 pound sweet sausage; 1/2 pound ground lean beef; 1/4 pound ground pork; 1/4 pound ground veal; 1 egg; 1 /2 cup freshly grated Pecorino Romano; 1 tablespoon Italian parsley, chopped; 1/2 teaspoon garlic, minced; 1 teaspoon shallots, minced; 1 cup bread crumbs | INSTRUCTIONS: To make sauce, saute garlic in olive oil until just brown. Add both cans of tomatoes with liquid and let simmer. Season with salt and pepper. Break casing of sausage to release meat. Form meatballs by mixing sausage meat with ground beef, pork and veal, egg, cheese, parsley, garlic, and shallots. Add in bread crumbs until fully incorporated. Add in water until mixture is moist and holds together. Form into balls. Heat oil in a large pot and fry meatballs in batches, making sure to brown all sides. Remove and drain on paper towel. Place meatballs in sauce and continue to simmer for 20 minutes.  <END>
INPUT: galettes, unsalted butter, baking potatoes, Salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Potato Galettes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons unsalted butter; 2 medium baking potatoes; Salt and pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Melt 3 tablespoons of butter. Peel the potatoes and slice thin on a mandoline or with a food processor fitted with a 1-millimeter slicing blade. In a bowl, toss potato slices with the butter, salt and pepper. On a parchment lined baking sheet, place 2 ring molds 3 inches wide and 2 inches deep. Layer the potato slices in the molds, overlapping the slices. Bake in a preheated 400 degree oven for about 40 minutes until the bottom layer of potatoes is golden and crisp and the potatoes are cooked through. <END>
INPUT: Italian, pesto, bell peppers, garlic, pine nuts, virgin olive oil, Parmesan
OUTPUT: TITLE: Champagne Poached Scallops with Red Pepper Pesto | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 2 large red bell peppers, washed and halved with stems and seeds removed; 3 garlic cloves, finely minced; 3 tablespoons pine nuts, chopped; 6 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1/2 cup grated Parmesan; Freshly ground black pepper; Salt, if needed; 1 baguette loaf, cut into 24 pieces; 2 cups Champagne; 1 fresh lime; 24 large scallops | INSTRUCTIONS: Roast or grill the red bell peppers until the skins are charred then, using tongs transfer them to a covered container such as a small pan with a lid or even a plastic zip-loc bag to let them rest. Peel them when cool. Prepare the pesto. Cut the peeled red peppers brunoise (julienne then crosswise into 1/8-inch pieces) and combine with garlic, pine nuts, and olive oil. Fold in parmesan cheese and season with freshly ground black pepper. Add salt only if needed, since the cheese will add saltiness. Toast the baguette slices lightly on a baking sheet and set aside. Bring Champagne to a boil in a <END>
INPUT: salad, Cuban bread French, Olive oil, mixed herbs, Salt pepper, vine ripened tomato
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Cuban Bread Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 slices Cuban bread or French bread (cut 1/2-thick); Olive oil; 1/4 cup mixed chopped herbs (basil, parsley, thyme); Salt and freshly ground pepper; 1 vine-ripened tomato, cut into 4 slices; 1/2 cup Spanish Tetilla cheese or Muenster or Jack; 4 cups mesclun greens; 4 hard cooked eggs, peeled and quartered; 1/4 cup sherry vinegar; 1 heaping teaspoon finely grated orange zest; 3/4 cup olive oil; 1 small shallot, finely chopped; Pinch of cumin; Salt and freshly ground pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat grill. Brush both sides of bread with olive oil and grill on first side until lightly golden brown. Turn over, sprinkle 1 tablespoon of the mixed herbs over each slice of bread. Meanwhile brush each tomato slice with oil and season with salt and pepper to taste. Grill for 1 minute on each side and immediately place 1 slice of tomato on top of each slice of herb-topped bread. Sprinkle 2 tablespoons of the cheese over the tomato, close the lid and grill until the cheese begins to melt. Toss mesclun in a few tablespoons of the vinaigrette and divide among 4 plates. Top each salad with a s <END>
INPUT: sour, English hothouse cucumbers, coarse kosher salt, distilled vinegar, dill, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sweet-and-Sour Cucumbers with Fresh Dill | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 English hothouse cucumbers (1 1/2 pounds total), unpeeled, very thinly sliced; 1 tablespoon coarse kosher salt; 1/2 cup distilled white vinegar; 1/4 cup finely chopped fresh dill; 3 tablespoons sugar; 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Place cucumber slices in colander. Sprinkle with salt; toss to coat. Let stand 15 minutes, stirring occasionally. Meanwhile, for dressing, stir vinegar, dill, sugar, and pepper in large bowl until sugar is dissolved. Drain cucumbers well; pat dry. Add cucumbers to dressing and stir to blend. Refrigerate at least 15 minutes and up to 2 hours; serve cold. Place cucumber slices in colander. Sprinkle with salt; toss to coat. Let stand 15 minutes, stirring occasionally. Meanwhile, for dressing, stir vinegar, dill, sugar, and pepper in large bowl until sugar is dissolved. Drain cucumbers well; pat d <END>
INPUT: oven, broccoli, olive oil, garlic, kosher salt, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Oven Roasted Broccoli | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound broccoli, rinsed and trimmed; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 2 cloves garlic, minced; 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt; 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 1/3 cup panko bread crumbs; 1/4 cup finely grated Parmesan or sharp Cheddar | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat oven to 425 degrees F. Cut the broccoli florets into bite size pieces. Cut the stalk into 1/8-inch thick, round slices. Place the broccoli into a mixing bowl and toss with the olive oil, garlic, kosher salt and pepper and set aside. Spread the panko into a 13 by 9-inch metal cake pan and place into the oven for 2 minutes or until lightly toasted. Remove the panko from the oven and add to the bowl with the broccoli mixture. Toss to combine. Return the mixture to the cake pan, place in the oven and roast just until the broccoli is tender, 8 to 10 more minut <END>
INPUT: Mexican, enchiladas, olive oil, taco seasoning, cumin, oregano
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken Enchiladas | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2 boneless, skinless chicken breasts; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 2 teaspoons taco seasoning; 1/2 teaspoon ground cumin; 1/2 teaspoon dried oregano; 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 1 tablespoon unsalted butter; 1/2 medium onion, chopped; Half of a 4-ounce can chopped green chiles, with liquid; 4 ounces cream cheese, softened; Half of a .5-ounce packet ranch seasoning, such as Hidden Valley Original Ranch Salad Dressing and Seasoning Mix; Eight 8-inch flour tortillas; 3 cups shredded Monterey Jack; 1 1/2 cups picante sauce | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Spray a 9-by-13-inch baking dish with cooking spray; set aside. Place the chicken breasts on a jelly roll pan. Drizzle each breast on both sides with 1 tablespoon olive oil. In a small bowl, mix together the taco seasoning, cumin, oregano and black pepper; sprinkle evenly over both sides of the chicken breasts. Roast for 15 to 20 minutes on each side, or until golden brown and cooked through. Remove the pan from the oven and allow to cool for 15 minutes. Shred the chicken and set aside. Meanwhile, in a medium skillet over medium heat, melt the butter until sh <END>
INPUT: American, pinwheels, beef broth, ready use sun, butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Steak Pinwheels with Sun-Dried Tomato Stuffing and Rosemary Mashed Potatoes | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 2/3 cups canned beef broth; 3/4 cup ready-to-use sun-dried tomatoes (not packed in oil); 1/4 cup butter; 1 (6.6-ounce) package stuffing mix; 1 (1 1/4-pound) skirt steak; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; Rosemary Mashed Potatoes, recipe follows; 1 (11-ounce) package refrigerated prepared mashed potatoes; 4 tablespoons (1/2 stick) butter; 1/4 cup whole milk; 2 teaspoons fresh rosemary leaves, finely chopped; Salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Add broth, sun-dried tomatoes, and butter to a medium saucepan and bring to a boil over medium-high heat. Stir in contents of stuffing mix pouch. Cover saucepan and remove from heat. Let stand 5 minutes. Fluff stuffing with fork. Let stuffing cool completely. Preheat oven to 425 degrees F. Lay steak flat on clean work surface and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Cover steak evenly with stuffing. Roll up steak lengthwise to create a pinwheel effect, enclosing stuffing completely. Skewer seam with toothpicks. Place the steak roll, seam side down, on a foil-covered cookie sheet. Sprinkle roll with  <END>
INPUT: herbed, coarse crumbs from, virgin olive oil, Parmigiano Reggiano, garlic, oregano
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mussels with Herbed Bread Crumbs | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cups coarse crumbs from a fresh loaf of crusty Italian or French bread; 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 1/4 cup finely grated Parmigiano-Reggiano (1/2 oz); 2 large garlic cloves, minced; 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh oregano or 3/4 teaspoon dried, crumbled; 1/4 teaspoon dried hot red pepper flakes; 1/4 teaspoon table salt; 56 mussels (1 1/4 pound; preferably cultivated),cleaned and steamed , using half white wine and half water, then shucked, reserving 56 half shells; 2 cups kosher salt; Accompaniment: lemon wedges | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 450°F. Stir together bread crumbs, oil, cheese, garlic, oregano, red pepper flakes, and table salt. Scrub reserved shells inside and out and dry thoroughly. Spread kosher salt about 1/4 inch deep in a large shallow (1-inch-deep) baking pan and nestle shells in salt to keep them level. Return shucked mussels to shells and top each with about 1 teaspoon bread crumb mixture. Bake mussels in middle of oven until crumbs are golden brown and crisp, about 7 minutes. Cool slightly and brush salt from bottoms of mussel shells before serving. Preheat oven to 450°F. Stir together bread cr <END>
INPUT: venison stew meat, pepper, oregano, garlic powder, flour
OUTPUT: TITLE: Venison Stew | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 lbs. venison stew meat; 1 teaspoon pepper; 1 teaspoon dried oregano; 1 teaspoon garlic powder; 1 tablespoon flour; 2 tablespoons cooking oil; 2 large cloves garlic, crushed; 3 large onions, coarsely chopped; 2 medium carrots, sliced; 1 bay leaf; 1/2 cup red wine; 3 cups low-sodium beef broth; 6 potatoes, peeled and sliced; 2 tablespoons cornstarch | INSTRUCTIONS: Season stew meat with pepper, oregano, and garlic powder. Dust with flour. Heat oil in large casserole. Sauté meat until browned. Add garlic, onions, carrots, bay leaf, wine, and broth. Simmer, covered, for about 1 1/2 hours or until venison is tender. Add potatoes and cook another 30 minutes, or until potatoes are tender. Mix cornstarch with an equal amount of water. Stir into stew until mixture has thickened. Season stew meat with pepper, oregano, and garlic powder. Dust with flour. Heat oil in large casserole. Sauté meat until browned. Add garlic, onions, carrots, bay leaf, wine, and broth. <END>
INPUT: Italian, tagliatelle, house, eggs, egg yolks, Salt, piece ricotta salata
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tagliatelle with Spotted Sardines, Eggplant, and House-Baked Ricotta Salata | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 34 ounces (about 7 cups) 00 flour* (or about 6 1/2 cups all-purpose flour); 4 whole eggs; 2 egg yolks; Salt, to taste; 8-ounce piece of ricotta salata; 2 tablespoons chopped flat leaf parsley; 1 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 1 medium eggplant; 1 tablespoon canola oil; 1 shallot, minced; 3 garlic cloves, minced; 8 ounces fresh spotted sardines, cleaned and filleted; 3 slices of Speck (smoked and cured ham), very thinly sliced; 2/3 cup vegetable stock; 2 ounces butter, cubed | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine the flour, eggs, egg yolks, and salt and mix either by hand or in a stand mixer until fully incorporated. Wrap in plastic wrap and let rest in refrigerator for two hours. After the dough has rested, roll it out by hand on a lightly floured surface into thin sheets, or run through a pasta machine, making 6-inch x 12-inch sheets. Using a paste cutter or sharp knife, cut tagliatelle into 1/2 inch strands. Cover and reserve. Season the ricotta salata with salt, pepper, parsley, and olive oil, and bake in a preheated oven at 375°F until the outside is lightly browned, about 30 minutes. Remo <END>
INPUT: American, canola oil, short, Salt pepper, apricots, capers
OUTPUT: TITLE: Short Rib and Tallegio Pie | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons canola oil; 5 pounds bone-in short ribs; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1/2 cup dried apricots, roughly chopped; 2 tablespoons capers, roughly chopped; 2 shallots, peeled and thinly sliced; 2 to 3 cups dry red wine; 1 1/2 pounds tallegio cheese, chopped; 1/2 cup heavy cream; 3 cups all-purpose flour; 2 teaspoons salt; 1/2 teaspoon sugar; 1 pinch ground cinnamon; 1 1/4 cups shortening; 1 stick butter, plus 3 tablespoons melted for brushing | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. For the filling: In a large Dutch oven or heavy-bottomed saucepan, heat the oil. Sprinkle the short ribs generously with salt and pepper. When the oil is hot, add the short ribs and cook on each side until brown, about 3 minutes per side. When browned, remove the short ribs to a plate. Add in the apricots, capers and shallots, and stir, cooking until the shallots caramelize, about 2 minutes. Pour in the red wine and, using a wooden spoon, scrape up all brown bits stuck to the bottom of the pan. Return the short ribs to the pan, transfer to the oven and cook u <END>
INPUT: alla, Butter, batch Bolognese Sauce, Besciamella, Parmesan
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lasagne Alla Bolognese | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Butter, for the pan; 1/2 batch Bolognese Sauce, recipe follows; 1 1/2 (9-ounce) boxes no-boil lasagne noodles; Besciamella, recipe follows; 3/4 cup grated Parmesan, plus more for serving; Extra-virgin olive oil, for serving; 1 pound ground pork; 1 pound ground veal; 5 tablespoons olive oil; 1 cup red wine; 1 red onion, medium chop; 3 (28-ounce) cans pelati tomatoes* (See Cook's Notes); 3 carrots, medium chop; 3 celery stalks, medium chop; 5 ounces pancetta, cut into small cubes | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Butter the lasagne pan well and add a very thin layer of meat sauce. Add the first layer of lasagne noodles and in order, cover with meat sauce, about 3 ladles besciamella, and a generous sprinkle of Parmesan cheese. Repeat the same process until you reach the top of the dish. Make sure the lasagne noodles are soaking into the sauce. When done layering the ingredients, top the lasagne with a final ladle of meat sauce and some besciamella, add a few thin slices of butter and finish with some grated Parmesan. Bake for about 30 minutes. Heat a broiler. When your <END>
INPUT: syrup, sugar, lemon peel, water, honey, lavender blossoms
OUTPUT: TITLE: Strawberries with Lemon Sugar and Lavender Syrup | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/3 cup plus 1/2 cup sugar; 1 teaspoon finely grated lemon peel; 1/2 cup water; 2 tablespoons honey; 2 teaspoons dried lavender blossoms*; 3 1-pound containers strawberries, hulled, sliced; Crème fraîche or sour cream | INSTRUCTIONS: Mash 1/3 cup sugar and lemon peel in small bowl to blend well. (Lemon sugar can be made 3 days ahead. Cover and store at room temperature.) Bring 1/2 cup sugar, 1/2 cup water, honey, and lavender to boil in heavy small saucepan over medium-high heat, stirring until sugar dissolves. Reduce heat to medium and simmer until lavender flavor is pronounced, about 3 minutes. Strain syrup into small bowl. (Can be made 1 day ahead. Cover and let stand at room temperature. Rewarm syrup before continuing.) Place berries in large bowl. Pour warm syrup over berries; stir to coat. Divide berries and syrup am <END>
INPUT: jubilee, Bing cherries, sugar, kirsch, Vanilla ice cream
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cherries Jubilee | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 tablespoons (1/2 stick) unsalted butter; 1 pound Bing cherries, pitted; 1/4 cup sugar; 1/4 cup kirsch; Vanilla ice cream, for serving | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large skillet, melt butter over medium heat. Add sugar and cherries and stir to combine. Cook until cherries are tender and sugar dissolves, about 5 minutes. Remove skillet from heat. Add kirsch and carefully ignite. When flame is extinguished, serve over vanilla ice cream. <END>
INPUT: beignets, milk, buttermilk, active yeast, sugar, bread flour flouring
OUTPUT: TITLE: Buttermilk Beignets | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 cup whole milk; 1 1/2 cups buttermilk; 4 teaspoons active dry yeast; 2 1/2 tablespoons sugar; 3 1/2 cups bread flour plus extra for flouring work surface; 1/2 teaspoon baking soda; 1/4 teaspoon salt; Peanut oil for frying; Confectioners' sugar for serving, as much as you think you'll need—then double that! | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat the milk in a small saucepan over medium-high heat until small bubbles form at the surface. Remove from the heat, add the buttermilk, and then pour into a stand mixer bowl. Whisk in the yeast and the sugar and set aside for 5 minutes. Add the flour, baking soda, and salt, and mix on low speed, using a dough hook, until the dry ingredients are moistened, 3 to 4 minutes. Increase the mixer speed to medium and continue mixing until the dough forms a loose ball and is still quite wet and tacky, 1 to 2 minutes longer. Cover the bowl with plastic wrap and set the dough aside in a draft-free spo <END>
INPUT: American, tamale, corn, salt, butter, corn meal, Cheddar Monterey Jack
OUTPUT: TITLE: Green Corn Tamale | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 10 ears fresh corn; 1 teaspoon salt; 1/2 stick butter, melted; 1 cup corn meal, or as needed; 1/2 pound Cheddar or Monterey Jack cheese, coarsely shredded; One four-ounce can whole green chiles, drained and cut in strips; Serving suggestion: Barbecued meat or beans | INSTRUCTIONS: Shuck corn, reserving a dozen or so large husks. Wash husks and lay flat in a dish of water to keep moist. Remove silks from corn and cut corn off cobs deeply. A corn cutter can be used, but I stand each ear upright in a large shallow bowl and cut from top to bottom with a sharp knife. The corn can be chopped in a food processor, blender, or food grinder - or with a metate, a three legged grinding stone that still is in use in the Southwest and Mexico. Grind the corn until it is doughy, though small pieces of fiber will remain. Season with salt and butter. Stir in enough corn meal to form a do <END>
INPUT: haricots verts other, olive oil, packaged unsweetened coconut, mustard seeds
OUTPUT: TITLE: Haricots Verts with Mustard Seeds and Toasted Coconut | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 lb haricots verts or other thin green beans, trimmed; 1 tablespoon olive oil; 2 tablespoons packaged unsweetened coconut flakes (preferably large); 1/2 teaspoon mustard seeds | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook beans in a 3-quart saucepan of boiling salted water until crisp-tender, about 3 minutes, then drain in a colander. Rinse under cold running water to stop cooking and drain well. Heat 1/2 tablespoon oil in a 10-inch heavy skillet over moderately high heat until hot but not smoking, then cook coconut, stirring, until golden, about 2 minutes. Transfer with a slotted spoon to paper towels to drain. Cook mustard seeds in remaining 1/2 tablespoon oil over moderately high heat, covered, shaking skillet, until popping subsides, about 1 minute. Add beans to skillet with salt to taste and sauté, st <END>
INPUT: turkey, Canola oil, Kosher salt pepper, chicken stock, honey
OUTPUT: TITLE: Smoked Whole Turkey | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 fresh whole turkey (15 to 17 pounds), patted dry with paper towels; Canola oil, for brushing; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 cup chicken stock; 2 tablespoons honey; 2 tablespoons apple cider vinegar | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Special equipment: wood chips (such as hickory, apple or pecan wood) soaked in cold water for at least 4 hours and up to 48 hours; a charcoal grill or smoker Remove the turkey from the fridge and allow to sit for 30 minutes to 1 hour before cooking. Meanwhile, prepare a charcoal grill or smoker for indirect heat, at approximately 275 degrees F. Sprinkle in wood chips (such as hickory, apple or pecan wood) that have soaked in cold water for at least 4 hours and up to 48 hours, and allow them to char before cooking. Place the turkey in a roasting pan fitted with a  <END>
INPUT: mediterranean, shrimp, wine, virgin olive oil, garlic, jarred artichoke hearts, haricot vert
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mediterranean Shrimp | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons dry white wine; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 3 cloves garlic, minced; 12 ounces jarred artichoke hearts, drained; 8 ounces haricot vert, trimmed and cut in half; 1 pint grape tomatoes; 1/3 cup kalamata olives, pitted and coarsely chopped; 2 tablespoons capers, drained and coarsely chopped; 1 red onion, cut into chunks; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil; 1/2 teaspoon dried oregano; 1/4 teaspoon crushed red pepper; 1 clove garlic, minced; Grated zest and juice of 1 lemon | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F. For the vegetables: In a large bowl, whisk the white wine, olive oil and garlic. Add the artichokes, haricot vert, tomatoes, olives, capers and onions and toss to coat. Season with about 1/2 teaspoon salt and 1/4 teaspoon pepper. Transfer the mixture to a baking sheet and evenly spread out. Roast until the tomatoes begin to release their juices, 10 to 12 minutes. For the shrimp: While the vegetables are roasting, use the same bowl and mix together the olive oil, oregano, red pepper, garlic and lemon zest and juice. Add the shrim <END>
INPUT: American, crust, all purpose flour, salt, unsalted butter, vegetable shortening, more ice water
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pie Crust | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups all purpose flour; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 5 ounces chilled unsalted butter, cut into 10 tablespoons; 5 tablespoons chilled vegetable shortening; 1/4 cup or more ice water; 8 medium large apples such as Macouns, Granny Smiths, Greenings; 1 large lemon; 1/3 to 1/2 cup sugar; 2 tablespoons flour; 1/8th teaspoon ground cinnamon; 2 tablespoons butter cut into small pieces | INSTRUCTIONS: In a food processor combine the flour and salt and process for a second to blend. Add the butter and shortening and process, by pulsing the machine, for a few seconds or until the mixture resembles coarse meal. Add ice water a bit at a time and pulse for a few seconds just until combined. Remove the dough from the processor. Divide the dough into equal two pieces. Flatten each piece into a round flat disk, wrap and refrigerate for an hour. Lightly flour a pastry board or kitchen counter. Take one piece of pastry out of the refrigerator. Lightly flour your rolling pin. Roll the dough, starting  <END>
INPUT: Indian, chutney, unripe mangoes, distilled vinegar, sugar additional, salt, raisins
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mango Chutney | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 3 unripe mangoes (about 3 pounds total); 1/2 cup distilled vinegar; 1/3 cup sugar plus additional, to taste, if mango is very sour; 1 1/2 teaspoons salt, or to taste; 1/4 cup raisins; 1-inch piece fresh gingerroot, peeled; 2 fresh Thai bird chilies or 1 fresh jalapeno; 5 garlic cloves; 1 teaspoon ground cumin; 1 teaspoon ground coriander seeds; 1/2 teaspoon ground turmeric; 3-inch piece cinnamon stick; 2 star anise; 2 tablespoons corn or safflower oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Peel mangoes and cut into 1/2-inch cubes. In a small bowl toss mangoes with vinegar, sugar, salt, and raisins. Make seasoning paste: Cut gingerroot into 4 pieces. For a milder chutney, wearing rubber gloves, remove seeds and veins from Thai chilies or jalapeno. To a food processor with motor running add gingerroot, chilies, and remaining seasoning paste ingredients, 1 at a time through feed tube, and puree to a paste. Heat a 4-quart heavy kettle over moderately low heat until hot. Cook seasoning paste, cinnamon stick, and star anise in oil, stirring frequently, 10 minutes, or until very fragra <END>
INPUT: stock, Neck giblets, chicken broth, water, celery, carrot
OUTPUT: TITLE: Turkey Giblet Stock | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Neck and giblets (excluding liver) form a 12 to 14 pound turkey; 5 cups chicken broth; 6 cups water; 1 celery rib, chopped; 1 carrot, chopped; 1 onion, quartered; 1 bay leaf; 2 fresh flat-leafed parsley sprigs; 1/2 teaspoon dried thyme, crumbled; 1 teaspoon whole black peppercorns | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large deep saucepan bring neck, giblets, broth, water, celery, carrot, and onion to a boil, skimming froth. Add remaining ingredients and cook, uncovered at a bare simmer 2 hours, or until liquid is reduced to about 6 cups. Pour stock through a fine sieve into a bowl. Stock may be made 2 days ahead. Cool stock completely, uncovered, and keep chilled or frozen in an airtight container. <END>
INPUT: sorbet, milk, tiare flowers, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tiare Sorbet | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups whole milk; 15 tiare flowers (see Cook's Note, below); 3/4 cup sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: Place the milk in a small bowl or pitcher and add the tiare flowers. Cover with plastic wrap and place in the refrigerator for 24 hours to allow the tiare flavor to infuse into the milk. After 24 hours, remove the tiare flowers. In a saucepan over medium heat, cook 2 cups water and the sugar until the sugar dissolves and thickens to a simple syrup consistency. Take the simple syrup off the heat and chill to cool completely. Once the simple syrup is cool, remove the infused milk from the refrigerator. Mix the simple syrup into the infused milk. Once combined together, put the mixture into an ic <END>
INPUT: Chilean sea bass, Salt pepper taste, olive oil, plum tomatoes, leeks
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Chilean Sea Bass with Seared Tomatoes and Leeks | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 pounds Chilean sea bass, skinless and bones removed cut into four 1 1/2" thick steaks; Salt and freshly ground black pepper to taste; 3 tablespoons olive oil; 1 cup drained canned plum tomatoes, crushed, reserve tomato juice for recipe; 3 large leeks, split, carefully washed, julienned; 2 shallots, finely minced; 1/4 cup pitted nicoise olives; 3 tablespoons capers; 1/4 cup dry white vermouth; 1/2 cup fish stock; 3 tablespoons chopped fresh tarragon; 3 tablespoons unsalted butter | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 400 degrees. Season fish with salt and pepper. Heat the olive oil in a large skillet. Sear the tomatoes over medium heat, add the leeks, and cook together 3 minutes. Add the shallots, olives, capers, reserved tomato juice, vermouth, and stock, and cook 5 minutes more over medium heat, or until the sauce reduces slightly. Pour the vegetable mixture into an ovenproof casserole. Place the fish on top of the bed of vegetables and roast the fish for 8 to 10 minutes. Gently remove the fish from the casserole, stir in the tarragon and butter and spoon the vegetable sauce around the fi <END>
INPUT: oatmeal, cookies, eggs, vanilla extract, currants, all purpose flour, baking soda
OUTPUT: TITLE: Currant and Spice Oatmeal Cookies | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 large eggs; 1 1/2 teaspoons vanilla extract; 2/3 cup dried currants; 1 2/3 cups all purpose flour; 1 teaspoon baking soda; 3/4 teaspoon salt; 3/4 teaspoon ground cardamom; 1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1/4 teaspoon ground allspice; 1 cup (2 sticks) unsalted butter, room temperature; 1 1/2 cups (packed) dark brown sugar; 2 cups old-fashioned oats | INSTRUCTIONS: Whisk eggs and vanilla in small bowl to blend. Mix in dried currants; cover and let stand at room temperature 1 hour. Preheat oven to 350°F. Butter and flour 3 large baking sheets. Sift flour, baking soda, salt, and spices into medium bowl. Using electric mixer, beat butter in large bowl until fluffy. Add sugar and beat until smooth. Add currant mixture and beat to blend. Stir in flour mixture. Mix in oats. Drop batter by level tablespoonfuls onto prepared sheets, spacing 1 1/2 inches apart. Using moistened fingertips, flatten cookies slightly. Bake 1 sheet at a time until cookies are golden b <END>
INPUT: wine, Olive oil, duck breast halves, Salt, pepper, butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Breast of Duck with Port Wine and Figs | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Olive oil; 2 large duck breast halves, boned (bones reserved); Salt; Freshly ground pepper; 3 tablespoons butter; 1 shallot, minced; 1/2 cup Port; 6 Calimyra figs, stemmed and quartered; 2 tablespoons duck glace | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat 1 tablespoon oil in heavy large skillet over medium-high heat. Score the skin. Season duck breasts with salt; add to skillet skin side down and cook 4 minutes. Turn and cook about 2 minutes longer for medium-rare. Transfer to heated platter and tent with foil to keep warm. Pour off fat from skillet. Add 1 tablespoon butter to skillet and melt over medium heat. Add shallot and saute until transulent, about 2 minutes. Add Port and figs. Increase heat and boil until liquid is reduced to glaze, scraping up any browned bits, about 4 minutes. Add duck glace. Remove from heat and whisk in remain <END>
INPUT: Asian, chicken tenders, broccoli florets, udon, premium oyster sauce, hoisin sauce
OUTPUT: TITLE: Asian Noodles with Chicken and Scallions | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1 lb chicken tenders (not coated or cooked); 1 lb fresh or frozen broccoli florets; 1 lb dried udon (thick wheat noodles); 1/2 cup premium oyster sauce (preferably Lee Kum Kee); 2 tablespoons hoisin sauce (preferably Lee Kum Kee or Koon Chun); 1 tablespoon Asian sesame oil; 2 teaspoons Chinese chile garlic paste (preferably Lan Chi), or to taste; 1/2 cup chopped scallions (from 1 bunch); 2 teaspoons roasted sesame seeds (optional) | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook chicken in a 6-quart pot of boiling unsalted water, covered, until just cooked through, about 3 minutes. Transfer to a large bowl with a slotted spoon. Add broccoli to boiling water and cook, uncovered, stirring occasionally, until just tender, 3 to 5 minutes. Transfer with slotted spoon to a colander to drain, then transfer to another bowl. Return water to a boil and cook noodles until tender (check often; cooking time on package may not be accurate). Reserve 1 cup cooking water, then drain noodles in colander and rinse under hot water. While noodles cook, tear chicken into chunks. Add o <END>
INPUT: raspberries, raspberry vinaigrette, raspberry vodka, mint leaves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Raspberry Chicken | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 boneless, skinless chicken breasts; 1/2 cup frozen raspberries, thawed (recommended: Dole); 1 cup raspberry vinaigrette (recommended: Annie's); 1/4 cup raspberry vodka, optional; 1/4 cup finely chopped fresh mint leaves; Fresh mint sprigs, for garnish; Fresh raspberries, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Rinse and pat dry chicken breasts with paper towels. Place in large zip-top bag. Add raspberries, vinaigrette, vodka, if using, and chopped mint. Squeeze air out and seal bag. Gently massage the bag to mash raspberries. Marinate in the refrigerator for 1 to 4 hours. Preheat grill to medium-high and oil the grates. Place the chicken breasts on the grill and cook for 4 to 6 minutes per side. Remove from grill and place on serving platter. Garnish with fresh mint sprigs and fresh raspberries. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, interstate, olive oil, bell pepper, Vidalia onion, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Interstate Chili | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1 green bell pepper, diced; 1 red bell pepper, diced; 1 medium Vidalia onion, diced; 3 garlic cloves, minced; 3 jalapeno peppers, minced; 3 tablespoons ground cumin; 2 tablespoons dried oregano; 1 tablespoons chili powder; 1 tablespoon ground cinnamon; 2 teaspoons cayenne; 1 pound ground beef chuck; 6 links Mexican chorizo, removed from casings; 3 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce; 2 tablespoons Gravy Master | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. To prepare the chili: Heat oil in a large heavy pot over medium-high heat. Add bell peppers, onion, garlic, and jalapenos and saute until tender, about 6 minutes. Add cumin, oregano, chili powder, cinnamon and cayenne and continue to cook, another 5 minutes. Add beef and chorizo and saute until browned, about 10 minutes, breaking meat apart as it cooks. Add Worcestershire, Gravy Master, hot sauce and tomato paste. Continue cooking until tomato paste turns nicely brown and caramelized, another 3 to 4 minutes. Add beef broth and bay leaves. Bring to a boil, then re <END>
INPUT: infused, rice wine vinegar, rosemary, orange zest, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Rosemary-Infused Vinegar | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups rice wine vinegar; 1 sprig fresh rosemary; 2 strips orange zest; 2 cloves garlic | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Special equipment: a 20-ounce bottle with a tight-fitting spout with rubber stopper; a funnel Pour the rice vinegar through a funnel into a 20-ounce bottle. Gently add the rosemary, orange zest and garlic cloves to the bottle until completely submerged. Add a tight-fitting spout with a rubber stopper. You can use the vinegar right away or refrigerate it for up to 1 month to allow the flavors to marry and infuse the vinegar. The longer the vinegar sits, the more the flavors will infuse. <END>
INPUT: flatbread, shitake, water, active yeast, sugar, milk powder, all purpose flour
OUTPUT: TITLE: Flatbread with Fingerling Potatoes, Shitake Mushrooms, and Truffle Oil | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup warm water (105 to115° F); 1 1/4 teaspoons active dry yeast; 1 teaspoon sugar; 1 tablespoon plus 1 teaspoon dry milk powder; 1 3/4 cups all-purpose flour; 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt; 4 (approximately 1-inch-wide and 3-inch-long) fingerling potatoes; 4 sprigs fresh thyme plus 2 teaspoons fresh thyme leaves; 1 clove garlic, peeled and smashed with back of knife; 2 1/2 teaspoons kosher salt; 1 tablespoon canola oil; 1 tablespoon unsalted butter; 2 cups (4 ounces) fresh shiitake mushrooms, stemmed and thinly sliced; 1/4 cup shallots, minced (from 2 medium shallots); 3/4 teaspoons freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Make flatbread: In bowl of stand mixer fitted with paddle attachment, stir together water, yeast, and sugar until dissolved, about 5 seconds. Stir in milk powder until dissolved, about 5 seconds. In large bowl, whisk together flour and salt. Add to yeast mixture and mix on low speed until just combined, about 30 seconds. Switch to dough hook and mix on medium speed until dough is elastic but still sticky, about 10 minutes. In bowl of stand mixer fitted with paddle attachment, stir together water, yeast, and sugar until dissolved, about 5 seconds. Stir in milk powder until dissolved, about 5 se <END>
INPUT: American, unsalted butter, carrots, celery, onions
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken Pot Pie | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 7 tablespoons unsalted butter; 2 pounds boneless, skinless chicken thighs (about 7), cut into 1/2-inch dice; 14 ounces carrots, diced; 12 ounces celery, diced; 10 ounces onions, diced; 2 tablespoons kosher salt; 2 cups fresh corn kernels; 4 1/2 cups chicken stock; 2 1/2 tablespoons all-purpose flour, plus more for dusting; 2 1/2 cups heavy cream; 1/3 cup flat-leaf parsley, chopped; Pie Dough, recipe follows; 1 egg yolk, beaten; 3 cups all-purpose flour; Pinch kosher salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: eight 8-ounce mason jars Heat 4 tablespoons of the butter in a large skillet over medium heat. Add the chicken and cook, tossing occasionally, until brown. Add the carrots, celery, onions and 1 tablespoon of salt and cook until the vegetables are soft, about 5 minutes. Add the corn and 3 1/2 cups of the chicken stock and simmer. Melt the remaining 3 tablespoons of butter in a separate medium saucepot. Whisk in the flour, stirring constantly, until slightly thickened, 3 to 4 minutes. Slowly whisk in the cream and the remaining cup of chicken stock. Cook until the mixture has  <END>
INPUT: French, herb, chives, parsley leaves, tarragon leaves, Dijon style mustard
OUTPUT: TITLE: Herb Butter | CUISINE: French | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 sticks (3/4 cup) unsalted butter, softened; 2 tablespoons minced fresh chives; 2 tablespoons minced fresh parsley leaves; 1 tablespoon minced fresh tarragon leaves; 1 teaspoon Dijon-style mustard | INSTRUCTIONS: In a small bowl cream together the butter, the chives, the parsley, the tarragon, the mustard, and salt and pepper to taste. Let the butter stand, covered, in a cool place for 1 hour to allow the flavors to develop. Serve the butter with seafood, chicken, or meat. In a small bowl cream together the butter, the chives, the parsley, the tarragon, the mustard, and salt and pepper to taste. Let the butter stand, covered, in a cool place for 1 hour to allow the flavors to develop. Serve the butter with seafood, chicken, or meat. <END>
INPUT: spanish, four bell peppers, olive oil, onion, tomato, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spanish-Style Stuffed Bell Peppers | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: four 1/2-pound whole green or red bell peppers plus 1/4 cup minced red bell pepper; 3 tablespoons olive oil; 1 onion, chopped; 1 tomato, peeled, seeded, and chopped; 1 garlic clove, minced; 3/4 cup long-grain rice; 2 1/4 cups chicken broth; 2 tablespoons slivered almonds, toasted lightly; 1/2 cup fresh or thawed frozen peas; 1/2 pound zucchini, scrubbed and cut into 1/4-inch cubes; 1/2 teaspoon ground cumin; lemon wedges for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Halve 3 of the whole bell peppers lengthwise, leaving the stem ends intact, core and seed them, and in a large saucepan of boiling salted water blanch them for 3 minutes, or until they are just tender. Remove the peppers and invert them on paper towels to drain (they will soften while they stand.) In a heavy 11- to 12-inch skillet heat the oil over moderately high heat until it is hot but not smoking and in it sauté the onion, the remaining whole bell pepper, chopped, the tomato, and the garlic over moderate heat, stirring, for 15 minutes. Stir in the rice and cook the mixture, stirring, for 1 <END>
INPUT: trifle, hot water, water, raspberries, ladyfingers
OUTPUT: TITLE: Coconut-Cream Trifle | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups hot water, for the gelatin; 1 large (6-ounce) pack raspberry gelatin; 2 cups cold water, for the gelatin; 2 cups fresh raspberries, washed; 12 ladyfingers; 1/4 cup sherry; 3/4 cup shredded, sweetened coconut; 4 cups prepared vanilla pudding (most markets will sell pudding in the deli or dairy section); 2 cups heavy cream; 2 ounces bittersweet chocolate, shaved; Candied cherries, optional, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: In a medium saucepan have 2 cups of water boiling. Place gelatin into a medium heat-proof bowl or large heat-proof measuring cup. Pour the hot water over the gelatin. Stir to make sure it dissolves. Add 2 cups of cold water to the gelatin. Place the raspberries in the bottom of a 2 quart trifle bowl. Pour the gelatin over the raspberries and place it in the refrigerator to set completely, about 4 hours. Once the jelly is set, soak the ladyfingers in a baking dish with the sherry, coating both sides until saturated but still firm. Lay a row of ladyfingers over the top of the gelatin. Stir the c <END>
INPUT: Mexican, soup, mojo, country style blade, water, dark rum, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Black Bean Soup with Mojo | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups (1 pound) dried black beans, picked over and rinsed; 4 country-style blade pork ribs (about 2 pounds); 8 cups water; 1/4 cup dark rum; 1 head garlic, unpeeled, halved horizontally to expose the cloves; 1 medium onion, chopped; 2 tablespoons kosher salt; 2 bay leaves; 1 teaspoon dried oregano; 1 teaspoon ground cumin; 1 teaspoon crushed red pepper; 4 cloves garlic, chopped; 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 1/2 cup freshly squeezed lime juice (about 4 limes); 1/4 cup chopped fresh cilantro | INSTRUCTIONS: Put black beans, pork ribs, water, rum, garlic head halves, onion, salt, bay leaves, oregano, cumin, and crushed red pepper in a slow cooker; cover and cook on LOW until the beans are tender and the meat is falling off the rib bones, about 8 hours. Remove the ribs from the soup. Using a handheld immersion blender, partially puree the soup until it is creamy but still has some texture from whole beans. (Or puree half the soup in a blender and stir it back into the slow cooker.) Pull the meat from the rib bones, shredding it into large pieces, and stir it into the soup. Mojo: Put the garlic and  <END>
INPUT: relish, tomatoes, shallot, Kosher salt, pepper, Carolina Gold rice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Creamy Rice Grits with Tomato Relish | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups chopped fresh tomatoes; 1 small shallot, finely chopped; Kosher salt; freshly ground pepper; 2 1/4 cups Carolina Gold rice grits; 1 cup finely grated Parmesan; 1/4 cup (1/2 stick) unsalted butter; 3 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Mix tomatoes and shallot in a small bowl. Season with salt and pepper; set aside. Bring 12 cups water to a boil in a large saucepan. Stir in grits and season with salt. Reduce heat to medium; simmer grits until almost tender, about 15 minutes. Drain, reserving 2 cups cooking liquid; return liquid and grits to saucepan. Stir over medium heat until creamy, 5-6 minutes. Add cheese and butter; stir to melt. Stir in lemon juice; season with salt and pepper. Transfer to a large wide bowl, forming a well in center. Stir oil into tomato mixture; pour into well. Mix tomatoes and shallot in a small bowl <END>
INPUT: Mexican, salad, Jamaican conch, Juice limes, virgin olive oil, cilantro
OUTPUT: TITLE: Conch Salad with Lime, Avocado and Cilantro | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 fresh or frozen Jamaican conch; Juice of 6 limes; 1/4 cup of extra virgin olive oil, plus 2 tablespoons; 1/2 bunch of cilantro, chopped plus sprigs for garnish; 1 cup red, yellow and green peppers, diced; 2 large hothouse tomatoes, peeled and diced; 2 scallions, sliced; 1 red onion, diced; 1 chipotle chili, chopped; 1 avocado, thinly sliced, for garnish; Sliced limes, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat grill. In a heavy bottomed pot cook conch in water for 1 hour or until tender. Strain through a colander and let cool slightly. Rub cooked conch with 2 tablespoons olive oil and grill for 8 minutes or until slightly charred on the outside and allow to cool again. Afterward, slice conch into paper thin slices and return to a metal or non-reactive bowl and add additional ingredients and mix thoroughly. Serve chilled with avocado, sliced limes and cilantro sprigs. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, salsa, Four pork chops, Base Brine, pineapple, zucchini, mint leaves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Pork Chops with Spicy Zucchini-Pineapple Salsa | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: Four 1-inch-thick bone-in pork chops (8 to 10 ounces each); Base Brine, recipe follows; 2/3 cup small-diced pineapple; 2/3 cup small-diced zucchini; 1/4 cup fresh mint leaves, torn; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1 tablespoon chardonnay or white wine vinegar; 1 teaspoon finely chopped shallots; 1 teaspoon finely minced jalapenos; 1/4 teaspoon grated fresh ginger; Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper; 1/2 cup brown sugar; 1/3 cup kosher salt; 1 teaspoon black peppercorns; 3 cloves garlic, smashed | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Place the pork chops into a glass baking dish or bowl and pour the chilled Base Brine over top. Cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate for 8 hours or overnight. About an hour before serving, make the salsa. Combine the pineapple, zucchini, mint, olive oil, chardonnay, shallots, jalapenos, ginger and some salt and pepper in a mixing bowl. Let marinate 1 hour. (This is best if allowed to marinate for 1 hour, but you can also serve it straight away if necessary.) When ready to cook the pork, prepare a grill for medium-high heat. Remove the pork chops from the brine <END>
INPUT: pudding, two corn kernels, sugar, salt, milk, eggs
OUTPUT: TITLE: Corn Chive Pudding | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: two 10-ounce package frozen corn kernels, thawed; 1/4 cup sugar; 1 1/4 teaspoons salt; 2 cups milk; 4 large eggs; 1/2 vanilla bean, split lengthwise and seeds scraped, reserving pod for another use; 1/2 stick (1/4 cup) unsalted butter, melted and cooled; 3 tablespoons all-purpose flour; 1/4 cup chopped fresh chives; a pinch freshly grated nutmeg; Garnish: 3 tablespoons chopped fresh chives | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350°F. and butter a 1 1/2-quart quiche dish or pie plate. In a food processor pulse half of corn until chopped coarse. In a bowl stir together chopped corn and remaining corn kernels and sprinkle with sugar and salt, stirring until combined well. In another bowl whisk together milk, eggs, vanilla seeds, butter, flour and chives and stir into corn until combined well. Pour pudding into quiche dish or pie plate and sprinkle with nutmeg. Bake pudding in middle of oven until center is just set, about 45 minutes. Garnish pudding with chives. Preheat oven to 350°F. and butter a 1 1/2 <END>
INPUT: American, plain breadcrumbs, virgin olive oil, paprika, spinach, low fat milk
OUTPUT: TITLE: Baked Mac and Cheese | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons plain dry breadcrumbs, (see Tip); 1 teaspoon extra-virgin olive oil; 1/4 teaspoon paprika; 1 16-ounce or 10-ounce package frozen spinach, thawed; 1 3/4 cups low-fat milk, divided; 3 tablespoons all-purpose flour; 2 cups shredded extra-sharp Cheddar cheese; 1 cup low-fat cottage cheese; 1/8 teaspoon ground nutmeg; 1/4 teaspoon salt; Freshly ground pepper, to taste; 8 ounces (2 cups) whole-wheat elbow macaroni, or penne | INSTRUCTIONS: Put a large pot of water on to boil. Preheat oven to 450 degrees F. Coat an 8-inch-square (2-quart) baking dish with cooking spray. Mix breadcrumbs, oil and paprika in a small bowl. Place spinach in a fine-mesh strainer and press out excess moisture. Heat 1 1/2 cups milk in a large heavy saucepan over medium-high heat until steaming. Whisk remaining 1/4 cup milk and flour in a small bowl until smooth; add to the hot milk and cook, whisking constantly, until the sauce simmers and thickens, 2 to 3 minutes. Remove from heat and stir in Cheddar until melted. Stir in cottage cheese, nutmeg, salt an <END>
INPUT: American, strata, eggs, milk, heavy cream, Kosher salt pepper, nutmeg
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cheese Strata with Ham and Tomatoes | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 12 large eggs; 1 1/2 cups milk; 1/2 cup heavy cream; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; Pinch freshly grated nutmeg; Pinch cayenne pepper; 1 cup diced baked ham; 1 cup Oven-Dried Tomatoes, chopped, recipe follows; 1 tablespoon minced flat-leaf parsley; 2 teaspoons thinly sliced fresh chives; 2 cups shredded extra-sharp Cheddar cheese (about 8 ounces); 1 pound sourdough bread, crust trimmed, cut into 1-inch cubes; 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, melted; 2 pounds ripe plum tomatoes, cored and cut in half lengthwise; 1 teaspoon kosher salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Butter a 3-quart gratin dish or casserole. Whisk eggs, milk, cream, 1 teaspoon salt, 1/4 teaspoon black pepper, nutmeg, and cayenne pepper in a large bowl. Toss ham, tomatoes, parsley, and chives together in a small bowl. Scatter 1/2 cup of cheese into prepared dish. Layer with 1/3 of bread and half of ham mixture. Repeat. Top strata with a final layer of bread and remaining 1 cup cheese. Pour egg mixture over top of dish and gently press to make moistened all bread layers. Drizzle with melted butter, cover strata with plastic wrap, and refrigerate for 1 hour or up to overnight. Preheat to 350 <END>
INPUT: Italian, calamari tubes tentacles, lemon zest, lemon, garlic, virgin olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Oregano Lemon Grilled Calamari | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 2 pounds calamari tubes and tentacles; 2 tablespoons lemon zest (2 lemons); 1 lemon, juiced, plus more for serving; 1 teaspoon minced garlic (1 clove); 6 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1 teaspoon dried oregano; 2 teaspoons salt; 1 teaspoon pepper; Lemon juice, to finish; Chopped parsley, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Slit the calamari tubes up 1 side and lightly score 1 side. Place the tubes and tentacles in a bowl and add the lemon zest, lemon juice, garlic, olive oil, oregano, salt and pepper and toss to combine. Refrigerate for 30 minutes. Preheat a grill pan on high heat. Remove the calamari from the refrigerator and place on the grill in batches for 1 1/2 to 2 minutes per side. Cut the tubes into strips and leave the tentacles whole. Before serving, sprinkle with lemon juice and chopped parsley. <END>
INPUT: American, cheesecake, gingersnap crumbs, butter, sugar, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Goat Cheese Cheesecake | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups gingersnap crumbs; 6 tablespoons melted butter, plus extra butter for pan; 1/4 cup sugar; Pinch salt; 2 (8-ounce) packages cream cheese, at room temperature; 1 (12-ounce) log goat cheese; 12 ounces creme fraiche or sour cream; 4 eggs; 1 cup sugar; 2 teaspoons vanilla extract; Vanilla Pineapple Compote, recipe follows; Special equipment: 9-inch springform pan; 1 cup brown sugar; 1 1/2 cups water; 1 cup rum | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. To make the crust: Stir all of the ingredients together in a large bowl. Butter a 9-inch springform pan. Press the crumb mixture onto the bottom and about halfway up the sides of the pan. To make the filling: Beat the cream and goat cheeses in the bowl of an electric stand mixer with the paddle attachment until light and fluffy. Add the creme fraiche and beat to combine. Add the eggs, 1 at a time, beating after each egg is added, until thoroughly combined. Beat in the sugar and vanilla until just combined. Pour the filling into  <END>
INPUT: muffins, cake flour, baking soda, baking powder, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Poppy Seed Muffins with Raspberries | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 1/4 cups cake flour; 1 teaspoon baking soda; 1/2 teaspoon baking powder; 2/3 cup plus 1/2 cup sugar; 1/2 cup (1 stick) unsalted butter, room temperature; 1 tablespoon vanilla extract; 5 large egg yolks; 1 cup sour cream; 1/4 cup poppy seeds; 3 large egg whites; 1/4 teaspoon cream of tartar; 3 cups fresh raspberries | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350°F. Butter twenty-four 1/3-cup muffin cups. Dust with flour. Sift cake flour, baking soda and baking powder into medium bowl. Beat 2/3 cup sugar and butter in large bowl to blend. Beat in vanilla extract. Add egg yolks 1 at a time, beating well after each addition. Beat mixture until light, fluffy and pale yellow, about 3 minutes. Beat in sour cream and poppy seeds. Mix in dry ingredients. Using clean dry beaters, beat egg whites and cream of tartar in large bowl until foamy. Gradually add remaining 1/2 cup sugar and beat until stiff (but not dry) peaks form. Carefully fold  <END>
INPUT: olive oil, sardines, Kosher salt, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sardines with Grilled Bread and Tomato | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons olive oil, plus more; 4 (3/4"-thick) slices sourdough or country-style bread; 12 whole fresh sardines (1–1 1/2 pounds total), scaled, gutted, large pin bones removed; Kosher salt, freshly ground pepper; freshly ground pepper; 1 large tomato, preferably heirloom, sliced; Torn basil leaves (for serving) | INSTRUCTIONS: Prepare grill for medium-high heat; oil grate. Brush both sides of bread with 2 tablespoons oil total and grill, turning occasionally, until toasted and lightly charred, about 4 minutes. Transfer grilled bread to a plate. Season sardines inside and out with salt and pepper (no need to oil them, as there is so much naturally in their skin). Grill, turning occasionally, until lightly charred and cooked through, 5–7 minutes. Serve sardines with tomato and grilled bread drizzled with oil and topped with basil. Prepare grill for medium-high heat; oil grate. Brush both sides of bread with 2 tablespo <END>
INPUT: slabs pork spare, Kansas City Barbeque, sugar, mustard, cayenne pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Kansas City Style Pork Ribs | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 slabs pork spare ribs, 3 pounds each; Kansas City Barbeque Sauce, recipe follows; 2 cups brown sugar; 1/2 cup dry mustard; 1 tablespoon cayenne pepper; 1 tablespoon smoked paprika; 1 tablespoon garlic powder; 1 tablespoon onion powder; 1 tablespoon salt; 2 teaspoons freshly ground black pepper; 2 tablespoons vegetable oil; 1 (about 2/3 cup)small onion, finely diced; 3 cups water; 1 cup (2 (6-ounce) cans) tomato paste; 1/2 cup brown sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Remove the thin white membrane off of the bone-side of the ribs. Mix together the brown sugar, dry mustard, cayenne, paprika, garlic powder, onion powder, salt and pepper in a small bowl. Massage the rub into the ribs and let sit for 1 hour or up to overnight. If cooking on the grill, place the ribs meat-side down next to medium-hot coals that are about 225 degrees F. The indirect heat will cook them slower, making them tender. Allow to cook for 1 hour. Turn ribs every half hour and baste with the Kansas City Barbeque Sauce. Cook until the ribs are tender, about  <END>
INPUT: gingerbread, dutch, creme fraiche, pure vanilla extract, orange zest, vanilla bean, granulated sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Gingerbread Dutch Baby with Poached Maple Pears and Creme Fraiche | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup creme fraiche; 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract; 1 teaspoon finely grated orange zest; 1/2 vanilla bean, seeds scraped; 1 cup granulated sugar; 2 cinnamon sticks; One 2-inch strip orange peel; 1 vanilla bean, split; 2 slightly underripe pears (Bosc or Anjou), peeled, halved and cored; 1/4 cup Grade B maple syrup; 2 large eggs; 1/3 cup all-purpose flour; 1/3 cup whole milk; 1 tablespoon packed brown sugar; 1 1/2 teaspoons pumpkin pie spice | INSTRUCTIONS: For the creme fraiche topping: Whisk together the creme fraiche, vanilla extract, orange zest and vanilla bean seeds in a small bowl until combined. Cover and refrigerate for at least 30 minutes or overnight to allow flavors to meld. For the poached maple pears: Meanwhile, combine 4 cups water, the sugar, cinnamon sticks, orange peel and vanilla bean in a high-sided medium skillet over high heat. Bring to a boil and cook until sugar has dissolved. Reduce the heat to a simmer, add the pears and cook, turning a few times, until a thin-bladed knife meets no resistance, about 20 minutes. Remove th <END>
INPUT: Italian, virgin olive oil, hot Italian sausage, onion, garlic, butternut squash
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lasagna with Sausage and Butternut Squash | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil, plus more as needed; 1 pound hot Italian sausage, casings removed; 1 large yellow onion, chopped; 3 garlic cloves, minced; One 1 1/2-pound butternut squash, cut into 1/2-inch dice (about 2 1/2 cups); 3/4 cup shredded parsnips; Kosher salt and cracked black pepper; Two 15-ounce containers part-skim ricotta; 2 large eggs; One 10-ounce package frozen chopped spinach, thawed and squeezed dry; 2 cups shredded mozzarella cheese; 1 cup shredded Parmesan cheese; 1 cup fresh basil leaves, torn; 6 cups store-bought or homemade tomato sauce; One 8-ounce package no-boil lasagna noodles | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. In a large skillet set over medium-high heat, heat the oil. Add the sausage and cook, breaking it up with a wooden spoon, until browned throughout, about 5 minutes. Using a slotted spoon, transfer the sausage to a paper towel-lined plate. Add the onion and garlic to the pan, adding extra oil, if needed. Cook, stirring, for 1 minute. Add the butternut squash and parsnips and cook until the vegetables are tender, 8 to 10 minutes. If the squash and parsnips start to stick to the pan, add 1 tablespoon water. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Remove the pan fr <END>
INPUT: cookies, all purpose flour, baking powder, salt, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate Anise Cookies | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups all-purpose flour; 1 1/2 teaspoons baking powder; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 3/4 cup sugar; 1/2 cup (1 stick) unsalted butter, room temperature; 2 large eggs; 1 teaspoon ground anise seed; 1 cup semisweet chocolate chips | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line a heavy large baking sheet with parchment paper. Whisk the flour, baking powder, and salt in a medium bowl to blend. Using an electric mixer, beat the sugar and butter in a large bowl to blend. Beat in the eggs 1 at a time. Add the flour mixture and beat just until blended. Add the ground anise seed and mix well. Stir in the chocolate chips. Form the dough into a 16-inch-long, 3-inch-wide log. Transfer the log to the prepared baking sheet. Bake until light golden, about 30 minutes. Cool 30 minutes. Place the log on the cutt <END>
INPUT: Mexican, cracked, salad, orange juice, onion, garlic, rice vinegar, pureed chipotle adobo
OUTPUT: TITLE: Crispy Squid and Cracked Conch Salad with Orange-Chipotle Vinaigrette | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 4 cups fresh orange juice; 1/2 small red onion; 1 clove garlic; 3 tablespoons rice vinegar; 2 teaspoons pureed chipotle in adobo; 2 teaspoons honey; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 3/4 cup canola oil; Peanut oil; 1 1/2 cups rice flour; 1 1/2 to 1 3/4 cups cold water; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 pound squid rings and tentacles; 1 pound conch meat, cut into 1-inch pieces; Cornmeal, for dredging | INSTRUCTIONS: For the Orange-Chipotle Vinaigrette: Place the orange juice in a medium nonreactive saucepan and bring to a boil over high heat. Cook until thick and reduced to 3/4 cup. Transfer to a bowl and let cool slightly. Place the reduced orange juice, onion, garlic, vinegar, chipotle puree, honey, salt and pepper in a blender and blend until smooth. With the motor running, slowly add the oil until emulsified. For the Crispy Squid and Conch Salad: Fill a large saucepan halfway with the oil and heat until it reaches 350 degrees F on a deep-fry thermometer. Line a large plate or baking sheet with paper t <END>
INPUT: Italian, salad, pesto, beans, orzo, olive oil, balsamic vinegar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Orzo, Green Bean, and Fennel Salad with Dill Pesto | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 8 ounces green beans, trimmed; 8 ounces orzo (1 1/4 cups); 2/3 cup (packed) chopped fresh dill; 1/4 cup olive oil; 2 tablespoons white balsamic vinegar; 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice; 2 cups 1/3-inch cubes unpeeled English hothouse cucumber (about 8 ounces); 3/4 cup diced fresh fennel bulb | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook green beans in large saucepan of boiling salted water until just tender, about 5 minutes. Using slotted spoon, transfer beans to plate. Add orzo to same boiling water. Cook until tender, stirring occasionally; drain. Blend dill, oil, vinegar, and lemon juice in mini processor until almost smooth. Season dressing with salt and pepper. Cut beans crosswise into 1/2-inch pieces. Place in large bowl. Add orzo, cucumber, and fennel; mix in dressing. Season salad to taste with salt and pepper. Cook green beans in large saucepan of boiling salted water until just tender, about 5 minutes. Using sl <END>
INPUT: beer, all purpose flour, parsley leaves, salt additional sprinkling, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Parsley Fried Onion Rings | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 cup plus 2 tablespoons beer (not dark); 1 cup all-purpose flour; 3/4 cup finely chopped fresh parsley leaves; 3/4 teaspoon salt plus additional for sprinkling rings; 1 large onion (about 3/4 pound); vegetable oil for deep-frying; Accompaniment: salsa verde if desired | INSTRUCTIONS: In a bowl whisk beer into flour until batter is smooth and whisk in parsley. Let batter stand 30 minutes and stir in 3/4 teaspoon salt. Cut onion crosswise into 1/2-inch-thick slices and separate slices into rings. In a large deep skillet heat 1 inch oil to 380°F. Working in batches of 4 or 5 onion rings, drag rings through batter to coat completely, letting excess drip off, and fry, turning, until golden, about 1 to 2 minutes. With tongs transfer rings as fried to paper towels to drain and season with additional salt. In a bowl whisk beer into flour until batter is smooth and whisk in parsley <END>
INPUT: Mexican, uncooked jasmine rice, water, egg, garlic flavor olive, chicken tenders
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mexican Fried Rice | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup uncooked jasmine rice; 1 1/2 cups water; 1 egg; 1 tablespoon garlic-flavor olive oil or olive oil; 1 lb. fresh chicken tenders; 1/2 cup chopped onion; 2 garlic cloves, minced; 1 (15-oz.) can Progresso? Black Beans, drained; 1 (11-oz.) can Green Giant? Mexicorn? Whole Kernel Corn, Red and Green Peppers; 1 (7-oz.) jar sliced roasted red bell peppers, drained; 1 (8-oz.) jar Old El Paso? Taco Sauce; 1/4 cup chopped green onions; 1/4 cup chopped fresh cilantro | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. Cook rice in water as directed on package. 2. Meanwhile, spray 12-inch skillet with nonstick cooking spray. Heat over medium heat until hot. Beat egg in small bowl. Add egg to skillet; cook 1 minute or until firm but still moist, stirring frequently. Remove from pan; cover to keep warm. 3. Heat oil in same skillet over medium heat until hot. Add chicken, onion and garlic; cook and stir 4 to 6 minutes or until chicken is no longer pink in center. Add beans, corn and roasted peppers; mix well. Cook 1 minute or until thoroughly heated, stirring constantly and breaking up chicken and roasted pe <END>
INPUT: corn cob, unsalted butter, kosher salt, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sauteed Fresh Corn | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 8 to 10 ears of corn on the cob (yellow or white corn); 3 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1 teaspoon kosher salt; 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Remove the husks and the silk from the corn and cut the kernels off as close to the husk as possible without removing any of the husk. You should have about 7 cups of kernels. Melt the butter in a large, heavy saute pan. Add the corn, salt, and pepper and saute uncovered on medium-low heat for 8 to 10 minutes, stirring occasionally, until all the starchiness in the corn is gone. Taste, for salt and pepper, and serve. <END>
INPUT: italian, Crisco® Flour No, Crisco® All Vegetable, sugar, eggs
OUTPUT: TITLE: Italian Cream Cake | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: CAKE:; Crisco® Flour No-Stick Spray; 1 cup Crisco® All-Vegetable Shortening or 1 stick Crisco® All-Vegetable Shortening Sticks; 2 cups sugar; 5 large eggs, separated; 1 tsp. vanilla extract; 2 cups Pillsbury BEST® All Purpose Flour; 1 tsp. baking soda; 1/2 tsp. salt; 1 1/4 cups buttermilk; 1 1/2 cups flaked coconut (4 oz.); 1 cup finely chopped pecans; CREAM CHEESE FROSTING:; 12 oz. cream cheese or 1 1/2 (8 oz.) pkgs., softened; 6 cups powdered sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: For Cake: HEAT oven to 350 degrees F. Spray three 9-inch round cake pans with no-stick cooking spray with flour. Beat shortening in large bowl at medium speed of electric mixer until light and fluffy. Gradually add sugar. Add egg yolks, one at a time; beat until blended after each addition. Add vanilla; beat until blended. COMBINE flour, baking soda and salt; stir well. Add to shortening mixture alternately with buttermilk, beginning and ending with flour mixture. Beat at low speed until blended after each addition. Stir in coconut and pecans. BEAT egg whites until stiff peaks form; fold into  <END>
INPUT: deviled, sweet onion Vidalia, celery, jumbo lump crabmeat, lemon juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Deviled Crab | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 stick (1/2 cup) unsalted butter; 1/2 cup finely chopped sweet onion such as Vidalia; 1/2 cup finely chopped celery; 1 lb jumbo lump crabmeat, picked over; 1 1/2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 8 saltine crackers; 1/4 cup medium-dry Sherry such as Amontillado, or to taste; Cayenne or Sherry pepper sauce* to taste; 1/4 teaspoon salt, or to taste; Special equipment: 8 (5-inch) scallop shells** or 3-oz shallow baking dishes | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350°F. Melt butter in a 10-inch heavy skillet over moderate heat until foam subsides, then cook onion and celery, stirring, until softened, about 2 minutes. Remove from heat and cool. Gently toss crab with lemon juice. Coarsely crush saltines with your hands in a large bowl. Stir in onion mixture, Sherry, cayenne, and salt, then fold in crab. Divide among scallop shells and bake in middle of oven until lightly browned, about 20 minutes. Preheat oven to 350°F. Melt butter in a 10-inch heavy skillet over moderate heat until foam subsides, then cook onion and celery, stirring, unt <END>
INPUT: Italian, forno, lasagna noodles, Olive oil, onion, garlic, basil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lasagna al Forno | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound dried lasagna noodles; Olive oil; 1 onion, chopped; 2 cloves garlic, sliced; 2 tablespoons fresh basil, chopped; 2 tablespoons fresh oregano, chopped; 3 bay leaves; 1 1/2 pounds ground beef; 1 pound ground Italian sausage; 6 ounces tomato paste, (1 can); 30 ounces ricotta cheese, (2 containers); 1/4 cup Italian flat-leaf parsley, finely chopped; Salt and black pepper, to taste; 2 eggs, lightly beaten; 1/2 cup grated Parmesan cheese | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Cook the lasagna noodles in plenty of boiling salted water until pliable and barely tender, about 10 minutes. Stir with a wooden spoon to prevent sticking. Drain the noodles thoroughly, coat with olive oil keep them moist and easy to work with. Coat a large skillet with olive oil. Saute over medium heat, onion, garlic and herbs. Cook 5 minutes. Brown beef and sausage until no longer pink, about 15 minutes. Drain fat into a small container and discard. Stir in the tomato paste completely. Set aside to cool. In a mixing bowl, combine ricotta, parsley and oregano. S <END>
INPUT: mexican, long grain rice, vegetable oil, garlic, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mexican Rice | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups long-grain white rice; 3 tablespoons vegetable oil; 1 clove garlic, roughly; chopped; 1/2 white onion, chopped; 4 plum tomatoes, chopped; 1 jalapeno pepper, halved; Kosher salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Soak the rice in a bowl of hot water, about 5 minutes. Drain, rinse and shake dry. Heat the vegetable oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Add the rice and toast, stirring, 8 to 10 minutes. Meanwhile, puree the garlic, onion and tomatoes in a blender. Add to the rice and cook until absorbed, about 3 minutes. Add 3 1/2 cups water, the jalapeno and a pinch of salt; cover and cook over medium heat until the rice is tender, about 10 minutes. Remove the skillet from the heat. Uncover and place a clean towel over the rice, then re-cover and let stand 15 minutes. Fluff the rice with a fork;  <END>
INPUT: sweet orange marmalade, hot mustard, soy sauce, lemon juice, chicken
OUTPUT: TITLE: Orange-Glazed Chicken | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/3 cup sweet orange marmalade; 1 tablespoon hot mustard; 2 teaspoons soy sauce; 2 teaspoons fresh lemon juice; 3 1/2 pound chicken pieces (with skin and bones); 1 teaspoon salt; 1/2 teaspoon black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Put oven rack in middle position and preheat oven to 450°F. Line a large shallow (1-inch-deep) baking pan with foil, then oil foil. Stir together marmalade, mustard, soy sauce, and lemon juice in a small bowl. Pat chicken dry and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Roast chicken, skin sides up, in baking pan until golden and just cooked through, about 30 minutes. Turn broiler on and spoon marmalade mixture over chicken, then broil chicken until glaze is bubbling and browned, 3 to 5 minutes. Put oven rack in middle position and preheat oven to 450°F. Line a large shallow (1-inch-deep) baking pan wit <END>
INPUT: Mexican, southwestern, cakes, salsa, onions, bell peppers, cilantro leaves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Southwestern Black Bean Cakes with Salsa, Fresh Cilantro, and Key Lime Peppered Mayonnaise | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2 (15-ounce) cans black beans, drained and rinsed well; 2 tablespoons salsa, plus more for serving; 2 tablespoons finely diced green onions; 3/4 cup diced red bell peppers; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh cilantro leaves, plus more for garnish; 1 1/2 cups bread crumbs; 3 large cloves garlic; 2 teaspoons bacon chipotle sauce (recommended: Bob's Bacon Chipotle Sauce); 2 teaspoons peanut oil, plus more as needed; 1 1/2 cups finely crushed tortilla chips; 1 teaspoon ground cumin; Store bought salsa; Key Lime Peppered Mayonnaise, recipe follows; Lime twists, for garnish; 1 cup mayonnaise | INSTRUCTIONS: Coat pan with 2 teaspoons peanut oil. Combine beans, salsa, green onions, peppers, cilantro, bread crumbs, garlic, and chipotle sauce in a large bowl and mix well, mashing up the beans. Form 12 small patties (about the diameter of a silver dollar and 3/4 to 1-inch thick) and roll in tortilla breading. Heat 2 teaspoons peanut oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Fry patties, in batches as necessary, until golden brown and heated through. Serve on bed of salsa or cover with salsa and fresh cilantro. Add a small dollop of Peppered Lime Mayonnaise on top and garnish with a twist on lime. Combi <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, gyros, wine, lemon juice, olive oil, garlic, Zest lemon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Gyros with Radish Tzatziki | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups white wine; 1/2 cup freshly squeezed lemon juice; 1/2 cup olive oil; 8 cloves garlic; Zest of 1 lemon; Leaves from 3 large sprigs oregano, plus more for serving; Leaves from 3 large sprigs rosemary; Freshly ground black pepper; 1 boneless leg of lamb (about 4 pounds); Kosher salt; Flatbread or pita pockets, warmed on the grill, for serving; Grilled Plum Tomatoes, recipe follows; 1 cup Vinaigrette, recipe follows; Radish Tzatziki, recipe follows; 8 plum tomatoes, ends removed, sliced into very thick rounds | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. For the lamb: Combine the wine, lemon juice, olive oil, garlic, lemon zest, oregano, rosemary and pepper in a blender and blend until smooth. Pour half the mixture over the lamb and turn to coat completely. Cover and marinate in the refrigerator for at least 8 hours and up to 24 hours. Refrigerate the remaining mixture to use for basting while the meat cooks. One hour before grilling, remove the lamb from the refrigerator and the marinade and let sit at room temperature. Preheat a gas or charcoal grill with a rotisserie attachment to high heat. Sprinkle the entir <END>
INPUT: strawberry, shake, strawberries, well stirred cream, vanilla yogurt, unsweetened pineapple juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Strawberry Coconut Pineapple Shake | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 8 ounces strawberries, hulled and sliced (about 1 cup); 1/2 cup well-stirred canned cream of coconut; 1 pint vanilla frozen yogurt; 1 cup chilled unsweetened pineapple juice | INSTRUCTIONS: In a blender, blend the strawberries, the cream of coconut, the frozen yogurt, and the pineapple juice until the mixture is smooth and pour the mixture into chilled glasses. In a blender, blend the strawberries, the cream of coconut, the frozen yogurt, and the pineapple juice until the mixture is smooth and pour the mixture into chilled glasses. <END>
INPUT: MAPLE DILL, tsps. Dijon mustard, tbsps. balsamic vinegar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Salmon with Maple-Dill Glaze | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 (4 oz.) salmon fillets, rinsed and patted dry; 1 (16 oz.) bag frozen vegetable blend like Baby Corn Blend*; MAPLE-DILL GLAZE:; 1 1/2 tsps. Dijon mustard; 2 tbsps. balsamic vinegar; 1/4 cup Hungry Jack® Microwave Ready Lite Syrup or Hungry Jack® Microwave Ready Regular Syrup; 1/2 tsp. finely minced garlic; 1 tsp. dill weed; 1/2 tsp. salt; 2 tbsps. Crisco® Puritan Canola Oil with Omega-3 DHA | INSTRUCTIONS: WHISK together mustard, vinegar, syrup, garlic, dill weed and salt in small bowl. Gradually whisk in oil. Place 3 tablespoons glaze in a resealable food storage bag with salmon. Marinate 1 hour in refrigerator. BRUSH grill pan with oil and heat over medium-high heat. Once grill is hot, place fillets, skin side up, in pan. Cook 10 to 12 minutes, turning once or until fish is opaque throughout. Place 3 tablespoons glaze in a small bowl. Brush the fillets with glaze during the last few minutes of cooking. COOK vegetable blend according to package directions. Drain if necessary. Divide vegetables  <END>
INPUT: compote, butter, onion, Granny Smith apple, apple cider vinegar, cassis
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Foie Gras with Apple Onion Compote | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon butter; 1 medium onion, sliced; 1 Granny Smith apple, sliced; 1 teaspoon apple cider vinegar; 2 ounces cassis; Sea salt; Freshly ground black pepper; Dash sugar; 4 (3-ounce) slices foie gras; 1 tablespoon port wine; 2 tablespoons black truffles, chopped; 4 tablespoons veal stock; 1 small bunch Italian parsley, fried; Fleur de Sel | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Heat a large skillet over medium heat. Add butter and melt. Add onions and apples, reduce heat to low, and let simmer for approximately 5 minutes or until onions and apples are tender. Add vinegar and cassis, and season with salt, pepper, and a dash of sugar. Simmer for 5 minutes and set aside. Heat a medium or large skillet over medium-high heat. Season foie gras with salt and pepper, and then sear on both sides until cooked to desired degree of doneness. Remove foie gras to a towel to absorb excess fat. Add port to skillet and deglaze, stirring and scraping the <END>
INPUT: English cucumber, cabbage, onion, rice vinegar, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pickled Cucumber and Cabbage | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/3 English cucumber, halved lengthwise and thinly sliced crosswise; 1/4 small red cabbage, very thinly sliced; 1/2 red onion, thinly sliced; 1/2 cup rice vinegar (not seasoned); 1/3 cup sugar; 1/4 cup water; 2 teaspoons salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine cucumber, cabbage, and onion in a bowl. Bring remaining ingredients to a boil in saucepan, stirring, and immediately pour over cucumber mixture. Toss mixture and let stand at room temperature, stirring occasionally, 10 minutes. To cool quickly, chill in freezer 15 minutes. Combine cucumber, cabbage, and onion in a bowl. Bring remaining ingredients to a boil in saucepan, stirring, and immediately pour over cucumber mixture. Toss mixture and let stand at room temperature, stirring occasionally, 10 minutes. To cool quickly, chill in freezer 15 minutes. <END>
INPUT: steam, vegetables, College Inn® Fat, garlic, ginger
OUTPUT: TITLE: Steam-Sauteed Vegetables | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 cups coarsely chopped vegetables, such as broccoli, carrots, cauliflower and green beans; 1 cup College Inn® Fat Free & Lower Sodium Chicken Broth; 1 garlic clove, minced; 1/4 tsp. grated fresh ginger, optional | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine all ingredients in a large skillet. Bring broth to a boil over high heat. Cover and reduce heat to low; simmer 4 to 5 minutes or until vegetables are tender-crisp. Remove vegetables to a serving bowl with a slotted spoon. Cook broth over high heat about 2 minutes or until liquid has reduced in volume by half. Pour broth over vegetables before serving. <END>
INPUT: brewed Earl Harlem, sugar, cardamon pods, star anise, salmon fillets
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tea-Glazed Grilled Salmon | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup brewed Earl of Harlem Ambessa tea; 1 cup sugar; 8 green cardamon pods; 2 whole star anise; 6 salmon fillets (5 to 6 ounces each) | INSTRUCTIONS: Make an aromatic simple syrup by boiling the tea with the sugar and spices until the sugar is dissolved. Strain and cool. Brush some of the syrup over salmon fillets half an hour before grilling, reserving some for serving. Grill over medium heat until the flesh of the fish just begins to flake, about 7 minutes. It should yield slightly to the touch. Flip over after establishing nice grill marks, about halfway through. Top with some more syrup just before removing from the grill. <END>
INPUT: Indian, kebabs, catfish tilapia fillet, plain milk yogurt, chile
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fish Kebabs | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 1 lb skinless catfish or tilapia fillet, pin bones removed and fish cut into 1-inch pieces; 2 tablespoons plain whole-milk yogurt (preferably thick, such as Greek); 1 tablespoon finely grated (with a rasp) peeled fresh ginger; 2 teaspoons finely grated (with a rasp) garlic; 1 teaspoon minced fresh green chile, such as serrano or Thai, including seeds, or to taste; Rounded 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/4 teaspoon ground cumin; 1/4 teaspoon ground coriander; 1/4 teaspoon turmeric; 1/3 cup finely chopped fresh cilantro; 1/2 cup fine dry bread crumbs; 1 1/2 to 2 cups vegetable oil; Special equipment: about 18 (6-inch) bamboo skewers if serving as an hors d'oeuvre; Accompaniment: cilantro mint chutney | INSTRUCTIONS: Purée fish with yogurt in a food processor until smooth. Stir together ginger, garlic, chile, salt, cumin, coriander, and turmeric in a large bowl, then add fish and cilantro and stir until seasonings are evenly distributed. Spread bread crumbs on a plate. Wet hands slightly, then form 2 tablespoons fish mixture into an oval about 3 inches long. Flatten oval slightly, then transfer to crumbs and turn to coat lightly. Transfer to a tray lined with wax paper. Make about 17 more patties in same manner. Heat 1/2 inch oil in a 10-inch heavy skillet over moderately high heat until hot but not smokin <END>
INPUT: barbeque, fillets trout, olive oil, garlic, Juice lemon, fennel seeds
OUTPUT: TITLE: Barbeque Smoked Trout Fillets | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 8 boneless fillets of trout, skin on; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 2 cloves garlic, peeled and chopped; Juice of 1 lemon; 1/2 teaspoon fennel seeds; 1/4 teaspoon dried thyme; 1/2 teaspoon fresh chopped cilantro; Salt and pepper to taste; Lentil Salad, recipe follows; Lemon Confit, recipe follows; 1 box (1.1 pounds) dried green lentils, rinsed; 1 bay leaf; 1 dried chili pepper; 1 small bundle of basil and parsley; 1 onion, peeled and split | INSTRUCTIONS: Soak 2 cups of wood chips (apple, cherry or mesquite) in warm water for 30 minutes. Rinse trout and pat dry. Meat side up, season fillets with above ingredients. Preheat barbeque grill on high for 5 minutes. Remove chips from water and spread onto grill rocks. Close cover. Let chips smoke well. Place fish in grill basket or directly on highest shelf, meat side up, and turn grill to low setting. Keep cover closed. Smoke about 20 minutes. Do not let fish overcook. Place fillets around lentil salad and greens. Top with lemon confit and some of its juice. Place lentils, bay leaf, chili pepper, bas <END>
INPUT: swirled, fudge, tbsps. butter, salt, semi sweet chocolate
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate Peanut Butter Swirled Fudge | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups (12 oz.) peanut butter chips; 1 (14 oz.) can Eagle Brand® Sweetened Condensed Milk, divided; 2 tbsps. butter; Dash salt; 1/4 cup semi-sweet chocolate chips; 1 tsp. vanilla extract | INSTRUCTIONS: LINE 8- or 9-inch square pan with wax paper, extending paper over edges of pan. MELT peanut butter chips with 1 cup sweetened condensed milk, butter and salt in heavy saucepan over low heat. MELT chocolate chips with remaining sweetened condensed milk in small saucepan. Remove from heat; add vanilla. Stir until smooth. SPREAD peanut butter mixture evenly into prepared pan. Spoon chocolate mixture over peanut butter mixture. With table knife or metal spatula, swirl through top of fudge. CHILL 3 hours or until firm. Remove from pan by lifting edges of wax paper. Cut into squares. <END>
INPUT: stock, picked over crab, water, onion, celery, tomatoes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Crab Stock | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 pounds picked-over crab shells (cracked or chopped) and /or crab bodies (cut into 1-inch pieces, carapace discarded; see Cook’s Notes), crab tomalle; 2 quarts water; 1 medium to large onion, coarsely chopped; 1 to 2 stalks celery, coarsely chopped; 1 1/2 cups chopped tomatoes (tomato "guts" or canned or fresh); 2 cloves garlic, crushed; 2 dried bay leaves; 2 teaspoons black peppercorns; 4 sprigs fresh thyme; Kosher or sea salt | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. Place the crab bodies, shells, and tomalley (and optional shrimp shells or lobster carcasses) in a 6- to 8-quart stockpot and cover with the water. Bring to a boil, skimming the white foam from the surface of the stock. (Using a ladle and a circular motion, push the foam from the center to the outside of the pot, where it is easy to remove.) Reduce the heat so the stock cooks at a fast, steady simmer. 2. Add the onion, celery, tomatoes, garlic, bay leaves, peppercorns, and thyme, and let the stock simmer and cook down for about 1 hour. The liquid should just cover the crab shells as the sto <END>
INPUT: cherry, bark, skin almonds, dark chocolate, pure vanilla extract, almonds, tart cherries
OUTPUT: TITLE: Almond-Cherry Chocolate Bark | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 cup whole skin-on almonds; 12 ounces dark chocolate (60 percent to 70 percent cocoa); 1/2 teaspoon pure vanilla extract; toasted almonds; 1/3 cup dried tart cherries | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat oven to 350°F. On a baking sheet lined with parchment paper, toast 3/4 cup whole skin-on almonds until fragrant and light gold, 8 to 10 minutes. Let cool completely; transfer to a bowl. Fill a medium saucepan with 1 inch water; bring to a simmer over medium-low heat. Set a large heatproof bowl atop saucepan, making sure water doesn't touch bottom of bowl. Place 10 ounces dark chocolate (60 percent to 70 percent cocoa) in bowl; cook, stirring, until smooth. Remove bowl from saucepan; add another 2 ounces dark chocolate and stir until smooth. Stir in 1/2 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, toast <END>
INPUT: ruby, beets, virgin olive oil, kosher salt, orange juice, thyme leaves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Ruby Beets | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 12 medium beets, trimmed, leaving 1/2 inch of stems attached; 6 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 3 teaspoons kosher salt; 1/4 cup freshly squeezed orange juice (from 1 medium orange); 2 teaspoons fresh thyme leaves; 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Arrange oven rack in middle position and preheat oven to 400°F. In large bowl, gently toss beets with 3 tablespoons oil and 2 teaspoons salt. Wrap each beet individually in aluminum foil and place on large rimmed baking sheet. Roast until tender, about 1 to 1 1/4 hours. Cool to warm in foil, about 20 minutes. When beets are cool enough to handle, unwrap and peel, discarding stems and root ends. Cut beets into quarters and transfer to large bowl. Add orange juice, thyme, pepper, and remaining 3 tablespoons oil and 1 teaspoon salt. Gently toss to combine. Serve warm or at room temperature. Arran <END>
INPUT: virgin olive oil, onion, garlic, Coarse salt, very sour kimchi
OUTPUT: TITLE: Kimchi Fried Rice with Fried Egg | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 5 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1/4 cup finely chopped yellow onion; 1 small garlic clove, finely minced; Coarse salt; 1/2 cup finely chopped very sour kimchi; 1 teaspoon soy sauce; 1 cup day-old cooked rice, at room temperature; 1 very good egg; 1 scallion, white and light green parts only, very thinly sliced; 1 generous pinch coarse Korean chili powder | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat 3 tablespoons of olive oil in a large nonstick skillet over medium heat. Add the onion, garlic and a pinch of salt. Cook, stirring now and then, until the onions begin to soften and just begin to brown, about 10 minutes. Turn the heat to high and add the kimchi and cook for 2 or 3 minutes until it begins to crisp on the edges. Add the soy sauce and rice and stir thoroughly to combine. Cook until the rice is warmed through and beginning to brown, about 5 minutes. Transfer the rice to a warm, shallow bowl and set aside. Wipe the skillet clean with a paper towel and add 2 tablespoons of oliv <END>
INPUT: sparkler, peach puree, Sparkling apple cider, Edible flowers
OUTPUT: TITLE: Peach Sparkler | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon peach puree; Sparkling apple cider, chilled; Edible flowers, for serving | INSTRUCTIONS: To an old school champagne bowl or glass, add the peach puree. Top with sparkling apple cider and gently stir with a cocktail stirrer to combine. Garnish with edible flowers. Cook's Note: If desired, substitute the sparkling apple cider with your favorite sparkling wine. <END>
INPUT: rye whiskey, honey liqueur, orange bitters, Ginger ale, orange twists
OUTPUT: TITLE: Honey Rye | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 5 tablespoons rye whiskey; 3 tablespoons honey liqueur (such as Bärenjäger); 1/4 teaspoon orange bitters; Ginger ale; 2 orange twists; Ingredient info: Honey liqueur is available at well-stocked liquor stores and online from bevmo.com | INSTRUCTIONS: Fill 2 Old Fashioned glasses with ice. Divide rye, honey liqueur, and bitters between glasses. Stir for 5 seconds. Top with a splash of ginger ale. Garnish with orange twists. Fill 2 Old Fashioned glasses with ice. Divide rye, honey liqueur, and bitters between glasses. Stir for 5 seconds. Top with a splash of ginger ale. Garnish with orange twists. <END>
INPUT: gunge, spinach, crème fraîche, Dijon mustard
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spinach Gunge | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup (1/2 stick) unsalted butter; 2 pounds fresh spinach, stemmed; 1 1/2 cups (lightly packed) grated Pecorino, Parmesan, or Manchego cheese (about 3 ounces); 1/4 cup crème fraîche; 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Melt butter in a large pot over medium-high heat. Working in 4 batches, add spinach to pot, tossing to wilt between batches. Stir in cheese, crème fraîche, and mustard. Using an immersion blender, regular blender, or food processor, purée spinach mixture until very smooth. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Melt butter in a large pot over medium-high heat. Working in 4 batches, add spinach to pot, tossing to wilt between batches. Stir in cheese, crème fraîche, and mustard. Using an immersion blender, regular blender, or food processor, purée spinach mixture until very smooth. Season to ta <END>
INPUT: French, Two chicken broth, butter, flour, Dijon mustard
OUTPUT: TITLE: Dijon Tarragon Chicken Breasts | CUISINE: French | INGREDIENTS: Two 14-ounce cans chicken broth; 4 boneless, skinless chicken breasts, 6 to 8 ounces; 2 tablespoons butter; 2 tablespoons flour; 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh tarragon or, 2 teaspoons dried; Salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring 2 cans chicken broth to a boil. Add chicken to the broth, cover and reduce heat to simmer. Poach chicken 12 minutes. Remove chicken to a plate and pour broth into a large measuring cup or batter bowl. Return the pan to heat and add butter. When butter melts, add flour and cook, whisking with butter, 2 minutes. Slowly pour cooking liquid back into the pan, until appropriately thickened, combining with a whisk. Stir in Dijon mustard and tarragon and season sauce with salt and pepper. Return chicken to the pan and coat with sauce. Simmer 2 or 3 minutes to heat chicken back through and to co <END>
INPUT: Asian, marmalade, oranges, grapefruit, sugar, crystallized ginger, Fruit Pectin Powder
OUTPUT: TITLE: Orange-Grapefruit Marmalade with Ginger | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 5 oranges; 1 grapefruit; 3 cups sugar; 2 ounces crystallized ginger, cut in strips; 1 box Fruit Pectin Powder, (1-ounce) | INSTRUCTIONS: Cut fruit in half, squeeze out juice and pulp, discard seeds. The volume of this should be approximately 4 cups. Remove zest, this should yield approximately 1/2 cup. Transfer juice, pulp and zest to a large glass bowl. Cover and refrigerate for 24 hours. This helps the peel to soften. After soaking, put the citrus in a large stockpot. Add 6 cups of water, simmer for 1 1/2 hours. A sample of the peel should feel quite tender if rubbed between fingers. Add sugar and ginger. Bring to a boil, stirring constantly with a wooden spoon. Boil hard for 20 minutes until sugar is dissolved and mixture is <END>
INPUT: Italian, risotto, olive oil, garlic, bulgur wheat, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Bulgur Risotto with Corn and Shrimp | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons olive oil; 3 cloves garlic, finely chopped; 1 cup bulgur wheat; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 12 ounces fresh or frozen (thawed) raw shrimp, shelled and deveined; 2 cups fresh or frozen corn kernels; 1 medium red bell pepper, cored, seeded and chopped; 2 limes (1 juiced, 1 cut into wedges); 1/4 teaspoon red pepper flakes; 1/4 cup cilantro, chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat oil in a large pot over medium heat. Cook garlic, stirring, for 30 seconds; add bulgur and salt; stir 1 minute more. Gradually stir in 2 cups boiling water, 1/2 cup at a time (waiting until bulgur absorbs it to add more), until bulgur is slightly soupy, 8 to 10 minutes. (You might not use all the water.) Add shrimp. Cook, stirring constantly, until it turns pink, 2 to 3 minutes. Add corn, bell pepper, juice from 1 lime and red pepper flakes; stir, adding water to keep mixture creamy. Cook, stirring, until corn and pepper are warmed through, 1 to 2 minutes. Add cilantro; serve with lime we <END>
INPUT: soup, onion, Golden Delicious apple, vacuum chestnuts, celery
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chestnut-Apple Soup | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons (1/4 stick) butter; 1 1/2 cups chopped onion; 1 small Golden Delicious apple, peeled, cored, cut into 1/2-inch cubes; 1 7.41-ounce jar vacuum-packed chestnuts*; 1 large celery stalk, chopped; 3 small fresh thyme sprigs plus 1/2 teaspoon minced fresh thyme; 3 tablespoons brandy; 3 cups (or more) low-salt chicken broth; 1/4 cup crème fraîche* | INSTRUCTIONS: Melt butter in heavy large saucepan over medium heat. Add onion, apple, chestnuts, celery, and thyme sprigs. Sauté until onion is soft and translucent, about 7 minutes. Add brandy; stir until liquid is absorbed, about 2 minutes. Add 3 cups broth and bring to boil. Reduce heat to medium and simmer until chestnuts are soft, about 15 minutes; cool slightly. Working in batches, puree soup in blender until very smooth. Return soup to pan and cook until heated through, adding more chicken broth by tablespoonfuls to thin as needed and stirring often, about 2 minutes. Season with salt and pepper. Stir <END>
INPUT: pilaf, butter, onion, garlic, epazote, bay leaf
OUTPUT: TITLE: Quinoa Pilaf | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup butter; 1 onion, finely chopped; 2 garlic cloves, finely chopped; 3 large sprigs fresh epazote; 1 bay leaf; 1 cup quinoa, rinsed, drained well; 4 cups chicken stock or vegetable stock; Chopped fresh parsley or cilantro | INSTRUCTIONS: Melt butter in heavy large saucepan over medium heat. Add onion and saute until tender, about 10 minutes. Add garlic, epazote and bay leaf. Stir 1 minute. Add quinoa and stir just until coated. Add stock. Bring to boil. Reduce heat and simmer until quinoa is tender, about 10 minutes. Drain. Discard epazote and bay leaf. Transfer pilaf to large bowl. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Garnish with parsley or cilantro. <END>
INPUT: Vegetable oil, kosher salt, Zest lemon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Crispy Chicken with Rosemary-Lemon Salt | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Vegetable oil, for frying; Salt:; 1 (6-inch) sprig fresh rosemary; 1/4 cup kosher salt; Zest of 1/2 large lemon; 1 pound chicken tenders, cut into 2-inch pieces; 2 cloves garlic, minced; 1 1/2 tablespoons chopped fresh rosemary; Zest of 1/2 large lemon; 3/4 teaspoon salt; 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 1/2 cup fine cornmeal or instant polenta | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. For the salt: Heat 1/4-inch oil in a large, high-sided skillet over medium-high heat (the oil is hot enough when a pinch of cornmeal sizzles when added to the pan). Add the rosemary sprig and fry for 30 seconds until crisp. Using tongs, remove the rosemary sprig and drain on paper towels. Remove the leaves and finely chop to yield 1 tablespoon. Place the rosemary, salt, and lemon zest in a small bowl. Mix with a fork until combined. Set aside. For the chicken: In a medium bowl, mix together the chicken, garlic, rosemary, lemon zest, salt, and pepper. Add the corn <END>
INPUT: American, pie shell, butter, salt, pure cane syrup, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cane Syrup Pecan Pie | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: one 9-inch pie shell; 1/3 cup butter; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1 cup pure cane syrup; 1 cup brown sugar; 3 eggs, beaten; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; 2 1/2 tablespoons rum or bourbon; 1/2 cup chopped pecans; 1 cup pecan halves | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 450°F. Bake the pie shell for 5 minutes. Set aside. Decrease the oven temperature to 375°F. In a saucepan over low heat, melt the butter, salt, cane syrup, and brown sugar, stirring together until smooth, about 5 minutes. Transfer to a mixer bowl and allow to cool thoroughly (so the eggs don't cook in the next step). Add the eggs, vanilla, and rum and beat for 10 minutes at medium-high until fluffy smooth. Add the chopped pecans and pulse a few times until well mixed. Pour the filling into the pie shell and arrange the pecan halves over the top. Bake for 50 minutes. Cool on <END>
INPUT: tart, butter, all purpose flour, kosher salt, ice water
OUTPUT: TITLE: Apple Raisin Tart | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 sticks cold butter, cut into pea-size pieces; 1 cup all-purpose flour; Pinch kosher salt; 1/4 cup ice water; 1 1/2 sticks butter; 1 cup sugar; 3/4 cup all-purpose flour; 3 eggs; 1 vanilla bean, split and seeds scraped; 2 tablespoons butter; 6 Golden Delicious apples, peeled, cored and cut into 8ths; 2 tablespoons sugar; Splash brandy, to flambe; 1/2 cup golden raisins; 1 egg beaten with 1 tablespoon water | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Crust: Combine the butter, flour and salt in the food processor. Pulse until the mixture looks like grated Parmesan. Drizzle in half of the ice water and pulse until the mixture forms a rough ball, adding the remaining water if needed. Remove the dough from the food processor, form it into a disk, wrap in plastic and refrigerate for at least 1 hour. Filling: Cook's Note: Enough for 2 tarts. It's easier to make a larger quantity and it will last in the refrigerator for months.) In a small saucepan melt the butter and cook it until it starts to brown and begins <END>
INPUT: flan, sugar, eggs, GOYA® Cream Coconut, GOYA Condensed Milk
OUTPUT: TITLE: Coconut Flan | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup sugar; 5 eggs; 1 cup GOYA® Cream of Coconut; 1 cup GOYA Sweetened Condensed Milk; 1 can (13.5 oz.) GOYA Coconut Milk; 1/4 tsp. GOYA Vanilla Extract | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. Heat oven to 325 degrees F. In a small, heavy saucepan over medium-high heat, bring sugar and 1/2 cup water to a boil, stirring until the sugar dissolves. Using a wet pastry brush, wipe off any sugar that sticks to the sides of the pan. Cook, without stirring, swirling the pan, until the syrup turns golden brown, about 10 minutes. Carefully pour the hot caramel into eight 4 oz. ramekins; set aside to cool. 2. In a large bowl, using a whisk, beat the eggs until completely combined. Whisk in the cream of coconut, condensed milk, coconut milk and vanilla until smooth. Divide the egg mixture ev <END>
INPUT: spiked, bacon, onion, shots Irish whisky, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spiked Beans-n-Toast | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 slices bacon, chopped; 1 small onion, chopped; 1 (28 ounce) can baked beans; 2 shots Irish whisky; Black pepper; 4 slices white toasting bread; 2 tablespoons butter, softened; 1 tablespoon honey | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat a medium skillet over medium high heat. Add bacon and cook to render fat, about 5 minutes. Add onions, reduce heat to medium, and cook with bacon until soft, 5 to 6 minutes more. Stir in baked beans. Heat the beans through then reduce heat to low. Remove pan from heat, add the whisky, stir it in, and return pan to heat. If whisky flames, the flare will die out in less than 10 seconds -- just be prepared. For a full whisky-spike flavor, the trick is to avoid the flame and just warm the alcohol: think hot toddy. Season spiked beans with black pepper, to taste. Toast bread and combine soften <END>
INPUT: syrup, honey, orange juice, water, orange zest, Manto
OUTPUT: TITLE: Orange Honey Syrup | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup honey; 1/2 cup fresh orange juice; 1/2 cup water; 1 1/4 teaspoons minced fresh orange zest; 2 tablespoons Manto (Greek orange herb-flavored liqueur, made by Metaxa) | INSTRUCTIONS: In a heavy saucepan combine the honey, the orange juice, the water, and the zest and simmer the mixture, stirring occasionally, for 20 minutes, or until it is reduced to 1 1/3 cups. (If the syrup is reduced too much, it becomes too thick and too sweet.) Stir in the Manto and let the syrup cool. The syrup may be made 1 week in advance and kept, covered, at room temperature. Makes about 1 1/3 cups In a heavy saucepan combine the honey, the orange juice, the water, and the zest and simmer the mixture, stirring occasionally, for 20 minutes, or until it is reduced to 1 1/3 cups. (If the syrup is re <END>
INPUT: stock, olive oil, crabs, fish, water
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fish Stock | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 5 tsp olive oil; 14 oz crabs; 3 3/4 lb fish; 1 gallon water | INSTRUCTIONS: Put a large pot over medium heat, then add the olive oil. Add the crabs. Cook for 3-5 minutes. Add the fish. Pour in the water and bring to a simmer. Skim the foam from the surface. Simmer for 20 minutes, then strain through a fine-mesh sieve. Cool before putting into containers. Put a large pot over medium heat, then add the olive oil. Add the crabs. Cook for 3-5 minutes. Add the fish. Pour in the water and bring to a simmer. Skim the foam from the surface. Simmer for 20 minutes, then strain through a fine-mesh sieve. Cool before putting into containers. <END>
INPUT: mulled, pomegranate juice, cider, pears, apples, orange zest
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mulled Pomegranate-Apple Cider | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 cups pomegranate juice; 3 cups cider; 6 dried pears; 6 dried apples; 2-3 strips orange zest; 5 cardamom pods; 1 cinnamon stick; 5 allspice berries; 1 star anise; Brandy, rum, vodka or port; strong; Kitchen Tools:; /strong; Measuring Spoons; Mugs | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. Put pomegranate juice and cider in a saucepan along with dried fruits, orange zest and spices. 2. Warm gently over low heat, stirring occasionally, until fragrant, about 30 minutes. Take care not to let the mixture boil. 3. Serve in mugs with spices, dried fruit and a splash of your favorite liquor. <END>
INPUT: smoothie, orange juice, carrot juice, ice, banana, mango
OUTPUT: TITLE: Carrot Mango Smoothie | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups freshly squeezed orange juice; 1 cup fresh carrot juice; 1 cup crushed ice; 1 large ripe banana, chopped; 1 large ripe mango, peeled, pitted and chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine the orange juice, carrot juice, ice, banana and mango in a blender and blend until smooth. Pour into 2 glasses and serve.; <END>
INPUT: pancakes, cherry, sour cherries, cinnamon, maple syrup, all purpose flour, wheat pastry flour
OUTPUT: TITLE: Almond Pancakes with Sour Cherry Syrup | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup dried sweetened sour cherries; 1 cinnamon stick; 1/2 cup maple syrup; 1 1/2 cups all-purpose flour; 1/4 cup whole-wheat pastry flour; 1/4 cup quick-cooking oats; 2 teaspoons baking soda; 1 teaspoon kosher salt; 2 eggs, beaten; 2 cups lowfat buttermilk; 1/4 teaspoon almond extract (optional); Oil or butter, for greasing pan; 1/2 cup sliced almonds, divided; 1/2 cup nonfat plain Greek yogurt | INSTRUCTIONS: In a small saucepan, bring cherries, 1/2 cup waterand cinnamon stick to a boil over high heat. Reduce heat; simmer 5 minutes. Stir in syrup; set aside to cool. In a bowl, whisk flours, oats, baking soda and salt. In another bowl, whisk eggs and buttermilk (and almond extract, if desired). Add wet ingredients to dry; stir batter until just combined. Heat a large nonstick pan over medium heat; brush with oil. Pour a scant 1/4 cup batter into pan; sprinkle with 1 1/2 teaspoons almonds. Cook pancake, flipping once, until golden brown, 2 minutes per side. Repeat with remaining batter. Serve pancake <END>
INPUT: crostini, corn, virgin olive oil, Kosher salt, bacon, Fresno chile peppers
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Corn, Bacon and Chile Crostini | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 ears corn, shucked; Extra-virgin olive oil, for brushing and drizzling; Kosher salt; 4 strips bacon, julienned; 2 Fresno chile peppers, cut into thin rounds; 3 to 4 tablespoons red wine vinegar; 4 scallions, thinly sliced on the bias; 6 thick slices baguette; 2 cloves garlic | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat a grill to medium. Lightly brush the corn with olive oil and season with salt. Grill, turning occasionally, until the corn is charred on all sides and the kernels are soft, 10 to 15 minutes. Remove and set aside until cool, then cut the kernels off the cobs. Drizzle a saute pan with olive oil; add the bacon and bring to medium heat. When the bacon is browned and crispy, add the chiles and saute for 2 to 3 minutes. Add the corn kernels and toss to combine. Season with salt and stir in the vinegar. Toss in the scallions and remove from the heat. Toast the baguette slices on the grill unt <END>
INPUT: pudding, unsweetened almond milk, light agave nectar, chia seeds, cinnamon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chia-Seed Pudding | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 1/2 cups unsweetened almond milk or unsweetened coconut milk beverage; 3 tablespoons light agave nectar; 1/2 cup chia seeds; 1/4 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1 small, ripe mango, chopped; 1 cup toasted coconut flakes | INSTRUCTIONS: Whisk the almond milk, agave, chia seeds and cinnamon in a medium bowl. Cover and chill for 4 hours or overnight, whisking once to loosen the mixture after about 3 hours. Spoon into bowls and top with the mango and coconut. <END>
INPUT: scented, soup, chicken, Boiling water, water, coarse kosher salt, onions
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lemon-Scented Chicken Soup with Parsley-Sage Matzo Balls | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 4 1/2- to 5-pound chicken, cut into 8 pieces, rinsed well, excess skin and fat cut away and discarded; Boiling water; 5 quarts cold water; 1 tablespoon coarse kosher salt; 1 pound onions, quartered; 1 1-pound yam (red-skinned sweet potato), peeled, cut in half crosswise; 3/4 pound carrots, peeled, thickly sliced; 1/2 pound parsnips, peeled, thickly sliced; 4 large celery stalks, cut into 2-inch pieces; 10 large fresh dill sprigs; 10 large fresh Italian parsley sprigs; Parsley-Sage Matzo Balls; 3 to 4 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 8 thin lemon slices | INSTRUCTIONS: Place chicken in large bowl. Add boiling water to cover. Let stand 2 minutes; drain well. Using small knife, scrape skin to remove any surface fat. Rinse with cold water; drain again. Bring 5 quarts water to boil in heavy large pot. Add chicken. Return to boil, skimming impurities . Cook until broth is clear, skimming as needed and stirring occasionally, about 15 minutes. Add onions, yam, carrots, parsnips, and celery. Partially cover and reduce heat to medium-low; simmer until chicken and vegetables are tender, about 1 1/2 hours. Add dill and parsley to soup; simmer 3 minutes. Remove from hea <END>
INPUT: Asian, soup, sesame oil, scallions, piece ginger, garlic, low sodium chicken
OUTPUT: TITLE: Asian Chicken Noodle Soup | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon toasted sesame oil; 4 scallions, chopped (white and green parts separated); 1 2-inch piece ginger, peeled and finely chopped; 2 cloves garlic, minced; 2 cups low-sodium chicken broth; 2 large skinless, boneless chicken breasts (about 8 ounces each); 2 tablespoons teriyaki sauce; Kosher salt; 1 cup chopped delicata or other winter squash; 9 ounces fresh Asian egg noodles; 1 red, yellow or orange bell pepper, thinly sliced; 1 5-ounce package baby spinach (about 8 cups) | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat the sesame oil in a large pot over medium heat. Add the scallion whites, ginger and garlic; cover and cook, stirring occasionally, until softened, about 3 minutes. Add 5 cups water, the chicken broth, chicken breasts, teriyaki sauce and 1/2 teaspoon salt. Increase the heat to medium high; cover and bring to a simmer. Add the squash and reduce the heat to medium low. Cook, covered, until the chicken is just cooked through, about 7 minutes. Remove the chicken to a plate; let cool slightly, then shred. Return the soup to a simmer over medium-high heat. Add the noodles and bell pepper; cook u <END>
INPUT: raita, container Greek yogurt, English cucumber, mint, honey, cumin
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cucumber Mint Raita | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: One 16-ounce container Greek yogurt; 1/2 English cucumber, diced; 1/4 cup chopped fresh mint, plus more for garnish; 1 teaspoon honey; 1/4 teaspoon ground cumin; Zest and juice of half a lemon; Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Transfer the yogurt to a large glass mixing bowl. Whisk until smooth, about a minute. Fold in the cucumbers, mint, honey and cumin. Stir until completely incorporated. Finish with the lemon juice and salt and pepper to taste. Cover with plastic and chill until ready for use. Serve garnished with the lemon zest and mint. Can be made ahead of time and refrigerated in an airtight container for up to 3 days. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, salsa, Italian Roma tomatoes, tomatillos, cilantro, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Arbol-Avocado Salsa | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 pound Italian Roma tomatoes; 3/4 pound tomatillos, husked and washed; 1/3 cup (12 to 15) arbol chiles; 1/2 bunch cilantro, leaves only, chopped; 1 medium white onion, chopped; 2 tablespoons ground cumin; 4 garlic cloves, crushed; 2 cups water; 1 teaspoon salt; 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 1 avocado (just slightly under-ripe), peeled, seeded, an finely diced | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the broiler. Place the tomatoes and tomatillos on a baking sheet. Broil, turning occasionally, until charred all over, 10 to 12 minutes. Transfer to a sauce pan along with the remaining ingredients. Bring the mixture to boil and cook until the onions are soft, 12 to 15 minutes. Transfer to a food processor or blender. Puree and then strain. Serve at room temperature or slightly chilled. Arbol salsa can be stored in the refrigerator 3 to 5 days or frozen for weeks. Just before serving, stir in the avocado. <END>
INPUT: Asian, salad, light soy sauce, rice vinegar, sesame oil, wheat noodles rice, radish
OUTPUT: TITLE: Radish and Sesame Soy Noodle Salad | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons light soy sauce; 3 tablespoons black rice vinegar (recommended: Chinkiang) or balsamic vinegar; 3 tablespoons toasted sesame oil; 7 ounces cooked whole wheat noodles or cooked brown rice, drizzled with groundnut oil; 7 ounces red radish, washed and quartered; 1/2 cucumber, halved lengthwise, seeded and diced; 1 small handful black sesame or toasted sesame seeds; Fresh cilantro sprigs, for garnish; 1 medium red chile, seeded and finely chopped; 3 tablespoons light soy sauce; 3 tablespoons black rice vinegar (recommended) or balsamic vinegar; 2 tablespoons toasted sesame oil; 1 teaspoon thinly sliced strips fresh ginger, cut 5-inches in length; Fresh cilantro sprigs, chopped, as needed; 3 tablespoon fiery chile sauce | INSTRUCTIONS: For the dressing: Combine the soy sauce, rice vinegar and sesame oil in a bowl. For the salad: Prepare the noodles, radishes, and cucumber, and chill them in the refrigerator for at least 1 hour. To serve, add the noodles to a large dish, layer them with some radish and cucumber pieces and scatter over the black sesame seeds. Spoon the dressing over the dish, garnish with some fresh cilantro sprigs and serve immediately at the table to share. You could also dish up individual portions. Try two other dressings to enhance this dish. Soy and Vinegar Dipping Sauce: Combine the chiles, soy sauce, r <END>
INPUT: skillet, bruschetta, crusty bread, olive oil, Kosher salt, garlic, pepper flakes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Skillet Bruschetta with Beans and Greens | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 8 3/4"-thick slices crusty bread; 6 tablespoons olive oil, divided, plus more; Kosher salt, freshly ground pepper; 2 garlic cloves, thinly sliced; 1/2 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes; 2 15-ounces cans cannellini beans, rinsed; 1 bunch kale or mustard greens, ribs removed, leaves torn into bite-size pieces; 1/2 cup low-sodium vegetable or chicken broth; 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat a large skillet over medium heat. Brush bread on both sides with 4 tablespoons oil total. Working in 2 batches, cook bread, pressing occasionally to help crisp, until golden brown, about 3 minutes per side. Season toast with salt and pepper and set aside. Increase heat to medium-high and heat remaining 2 tablespoons oil in same skillet. Add garlic and red pepper flakes and cook, stirring, until fragrant, about 30 seconds. Add beans and cook, stirring occasionally, until beginning to blister, about 3 minutes. Using a spoon, lightly mash about half of the beans. Add kale and broth and cook, <END>
INPUT: herb, good olive oil, garlic, cherry tomatoes grape, basil, flat leaf parsley
OUTPUT: TITLE: Garlic and Herb Tomatoes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons good olive oil; 2 teaspoons minced garlic (2 cloves); 2 pints cherry tomatoes or grape tomatoes; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh basil, plus more for garnish; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh flat-leaf parsley, plus more for garnish; 2 teaspoons chopped fresh thyme leaves; 1 teaspoon kosher salt; 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat the olive oil in a saute pan large enough to hold all the tomatoes in one layer. Add the garlic to the oil and cook over medium heat for 30 seconds. Add the tomatoes, basil, parsley, thyme, salt, and pepper. Reduce the heat to low and cook for 5 to 7 minutes, tossing occasionally, until the tomatoes begin to loose their firm round shape. Sprinkle with a little fresh chopped basil and parsley and serve hot or at room temperature. <END>
INPUT: mashed, golden potatoes, parsnips, heavy cream, buttermilk, unsalted butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Buttermilk Parsnip Mashed Potatoes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 golden potatoes, peeled and quartered; 1 pound parsnips, peeled and cut into inch pieces; 1/3 cup heavy cream; 1/4 cup buttermilk; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter (preferably high fat); 1/2 tablespoons sea salt; 1/4 tablespoons white pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook the potatoes and parsnips in salted boiling water until cooked through but not falling apart. Drain them, and transfer them to a large bowl. Meanwhile, heat the butter, cream and buttermilk in a nonreactive sauce pot. Add the cream mixture and the salt and pepper to the potatoes. If using a hand mixer, work on low speed and mix the potatoes and parsnips until smooth and well combined. If you like, run the mixture through a food mill in order to remove any lumps. Serve immediately. <END>
INPUT: valenti, lamb foreshanks, Coarse salt pepper, olive oil, celery, carrot
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tom Valenti's Lamb Shanks | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 lamb foreshanks; Coarse salt and pepper, to taste; 3 tablespoons plus 1/4 cup olive oil; 2 ribs of celery, roughly chopped; 1 carrot, roughly chopped; 1 onion, roughly chopped; 1/3 cup tomato paste; 5 sprigs of fresh thyme; 1 bay leaf; 8 whole black peppercorns; 3 anchovy fillets; 1 whole head of garlic, cut in half crosswise; 2 cups red wine; 1 cup white wine; 1/3 cup white-wine vinegar | INSTRUCTIONS: 1.Preheat oven to 325°F. Season the lamb with salt and pepper. 2.Heat 3 tablespoons oil in a pot over medium-high heat. Add the celery, carrot, and onion; cook until very soft, 8 to 10 minutes. 3.Add the tomato paste and cook 1 to 2 minutes. Add the thyme, bay leaf, peppercorns, anchovies, and garlic; cook 3 minutes. 4.Add the wines, vinegar, and sugar; raise the heat to high and bring to a boil. Lower the heat to medium and add the broths. Leave over medium heat while you brown the lamb shanks. 5.Pour the remaining 1/4 cup of olive oil into a sauté pan. Over medium-high heat, brown the lamb s <END>
INPUT: French, sauce, chicken breast halves, button mushrooms, onion, peppercorns brine
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken in Creamy Dijon-Sherry Sauce | CUISINE: French | INGREDIENTS: 4 boneless skinless chicken breast halves; 2 tablespoons (1/4 stick) butter; 8 ounces button mushrooms, thinly sliced; 1 medium onion, finely chopped; 1 generous tablespoon green peppercorns in brine, drained; 1 1/4 cups canned low-salt chicken broth; 3/4 cup whipping cream; 2 tablespoons dry Sherry; 1 1/2 tablespoons Dijon mustard | INSTRUCTIONS: Season chicken with salt and pepper. Melt butter in heavy large skillet over medium heat. Add chicken and sauté until just cooked through, about 4 minutes per side. Transfer chicken to plate. Add mushrooms, onion and peppercorns to skillet and sauté until onion is tender, about 7 minutes. Add broth, cream, Sherry and mustard to skillet. Simmer until reduced to sauce consistency, scraping up browned bits, about 15 minutes. Return chicken and any accumulated juices to pan. Cook until chicken is just heated through, about 4 minutes longer. Season chicken with salt and pepper. Melt butter in heavy <END>
INPUT: American, double, cheese, chuck, Salt pepper, Cheddar, hamburger buns
OUTPUT: TITLE: Hamburger with Double Cheddar Cheese, Grilled Vidalia Onion and Horseradish Mustard | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 pounds freshly ground chuck; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 8 slices white Cheddar, sliced 1/4-inch thick; 8 slices yellow Cheddar, sliced 1/4-inch thick; 8 hamburger buns; Horseradish Mustard, recipe follows; 8 leaves Romaine Lettuce; Grilled Vidalia Onions, recipe follows; Dill pickles, sliced; Ketchup; 1/2 cup Dijon mustard; 2 tablespoons prepared horseradish, drained; 2 Vidalia onions, sliced crosswise, 1/4-inch thick slices; 2 tablespoons olive oil; Salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat grill or a cast iron skillet to high. Divide the beef into 8 (4-ounce) burgers. Season on both sides with salt and pepper, to taste. Grill or cook in the skillet for 3 to 4 minutes on each side for medium-rare doneness. During last minutes of cooking add 2 slices of cheese to each burger, cover grill and let melt, approximately 1 minute. Place burger on bun and top with Horseradish Mustard, lettuce, Grilled Vidalia Onions, pickles and ketchup. Whisk mustard and horseradish together in a small bowl. Brush olive oil on both sides of the onions and season wi <END>
INPUT: Mexican, battered, dipping, Oil frying, soy sauce, Chipotle pepper, ginger, lime juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Beer Battered Shrimp with Chipotle Dipping Sauce | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: Oil for frying; 1/2 cup soy sauce; 1 tablespoon Chipotle pepper, in adobe sauce; 1 tablespoon ginger minced; 3 tablespoons lime juice; 1 tablespoon miren; 1 1/2 cups all-purpose flour; 1/2 cup cornstarch; 1 tablespoon salt; 1 (12-ounce) lite beer; 1 pound (21 to 25 pieces) shrimp, peeled and deveined | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oil to 365 degrees. In a small bowl, whisk together all the dipping sauce ingredients. Transfer to a serving bowl, cover and set aside. In a medium size bowl, combine all the dry ingredients for the batter. Slowly, whisk in beer, until combined. If not using right away cover and refrigerate for later use. Gently toss shrimp in the batter, to coat. Shake gently to remove excess batter and with slotted spoon, carefully fry in hot oil for 5 to 6 minutes or until golden brown. Cook in batches to avoid over crowding. Remove shrimp with a spider or slotted spoon and place on paper towels to  <END>
INPUT: Mexican, cherry tomatoes, virgin olive oil, Sea salt pepper, limes, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spicy Grilled Beef Tenderloin | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 4 pints cherry tomatoes; Extra-virgin olive oil; Sea salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 limes, juiced; 1/2 red onion, sliced thin; 1 serrano chili, sliced thin; 1/2 bunch freshly chopped cilantro leaves, plus more for garnish; 1/2 pound queso fresco or feta cheese, crumbled; 1 (4-pound) beef tenderloin | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat the broiler. Put the cherry tomatoes onto baking sheets, drizzle over some olive oil, and season with salt and pepper. Broil until the tomatoes burst, about 4 to 5 minutes. Remove from oven and allow them to cool a bit. In a large bowl add about 1/4 cup olive oil, juice of 2 limes, onion, chili, chopped cilantro, cheese, and the tomatoes. Mix carefully to avoid breaking up the tomatoes too much. Taste and adjust seasoning with salt and pepper; set aside. Heat the grill or a grill pan to medium. Rub the meat with some olive oil and season it generously with salt and pepper. Grill the tende <END>
INPUT: spiced, cabbage, vegetable oil, sugar, wine, wine vinegar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spiced Red Cabbage | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 medium head red cabbage (about 2 1/2 pounds); 2 tablespoons vegetable oil; 3 tablespoons sugar; 1 cup dry red wine; 1/4 cup red-wine vinegar; 1 bay leaf; a 4-inch cinnamon stick; 2 whole cloves | INSTRUCTIONS: Quarter and core cabbage and cut into 1/4-inch-thick shreds. In a 7- to 8-quart heavy kettle cook cabbage in oil over moderate heat, stirring occasionally, 5 minutes. Stir in remaining ingredients and simmer, covered, stirring occasionally, until cabbage is tender, about 20 minutes. Discard cloves and, if desired, bay leaf and cinnamon stick. Season cabbage with salt and pepper. Cabbage may be made 3 days ahead and chilled, covered. Quarter and core cabbage and cut into 1/4-inch-thick shreds. In a 7- to 8-quart heavy kettle cook cabbage in oil over moderate heat, stirring occasionally, 5 minut <END>
INPUT: cake, unsalted butter, all purpose flour, molasses, baking soda
OUTPUT: TITLE: Root Beer Cake | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, at room temperature, for the pan; 1 1/2 cups plus 1 tablespoon all-purpose flour; One 12-ounce bottle (1 1/4 cups) root beer; 1/2 cup molasses; 1/2 teaspoon plus 1/8 teaspoon baking soda; 3/4 cup dark brown sugar; 1/4 cup plus 2 tablespoons vegetable oil; 3 tablespoons plus 1 teaspoon granulated sugar; One 1-inch piece of fresh ginger, peeled and grated on a microplane or on the finest side of a box grater (1 teaspoon); 2 teaspoons vanilla extract; 1 large egg; 1 3/4 teaspoons baking powder; 1 1/4 teaspoons ground star anise; 1 1/2 teaspoons ground cardamom; 1/2 whole nutmeg, grated (or 2 teaspoons ground nutmeg) | INSTRUCTIONS: TO MAKE THE CAKE Preheat the oven to 350°F. Grease the bottom and sides of a 10-inch cake pan well with some of the butter. Cut out a piece of parchment paper so it fits closely into the bottom of the cake pan. Line the bottom of the pan with the parchment, and then grease the parchment with more butter. Shake 1 tablespoon of the flour into the cake pan, and shake it around so it sticks to the butter. Tap out any excess flour that doesn't stick to the parchment or to the sides of the pan. Pour the root beer and molasses into a deep medium-sized pot, and bring the mixture to a boil over high he <END>
INPUT: sour, skewers, apple juice, sugar, apple cider vinegar, cornstarch, orange zest
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sweet and Sour Smoked Chicken Sausage and Apricot Skewers | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2/3 cup apple juice; 1/4 cup brown sugar; 1/4 cup apple cider vinegar; 1 tablespoon cornstarch; 1 teaspoon orange zest; 1 pound chicken sausage, cut into 2-inch pieces; 1 bell pepper, cut into 1-inch squares; 1 onion, cut into 1-inch squares; 1 cup dried apricot sections | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: 6 to 8 wooden skewers Preheat the grill. In small saucepan, combine the apple juice, sugar, vinegar, cornstarch and zest; blend well. Cook over medium heat until the sauce reaches a boil and thickens, stirring constantly. Pour the glaze into two separate bowls, about one-third to brush while grilling and the other two-thirds for serving. Thread the skewers with sausage, bell peppers, onions and apricots. When ready to grill, place the skewers on the grill. Cook 4 minutes, then brush with the glaze. Flip and brush with the glaze again. Cook until hot and browned, 3 to 5 minut <END>
INPUT: brined, salt, sugar, fennel seed, coriander seed, pepper flakes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Brined Pork Chops with Soft Parmigiano Polenta | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup salt, or to taste; 1/3 cup sugar; 2 tablespoons fennel seed; 2 tablespoons coriander seed; 1 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes; 3 bay leaves; 1 onion, diced; 2 carrots, peeled and diced; 2 ribs celery, diced; 4 cloves garlic smashed; 1 1/2 quarts cold water; 4 bone- in pork rib chops; 1 tablespoon wild fennel pollen*; Soft Parmigiano Polenta, recipe follows; 1 1/2 cups milk | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. For the brine: To make the brine: In a large container, add all of the ingredients and stir to combine. Submerse the pork chops in the brine and refrigerate for 3 days. After 3 days remove the chops from the brine, discarding the brine. Preheat a grill or grill pan. Roll the fat edge of each pork chop with the fennel pollen. Place porks chop gently on the preheated grill or grill pan. After 3 to 4 minutes rotate the chops 90 degrees to create lovely grill marks. Grill the chops for another 3 to 4 minutes and then turn over and repeat the process. If the chops see <END>
INPUT: coffee, cake, all purpose flour, stoneground cornmeal, sugar, baking powder, baking soda
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cornmeal Apple Coffee Cake | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/3 cups all-purpose flour; 2/3 cup stoneground cornmeal; 1/3 cup brown sugar; 1 tablespoon baking powder; 1 teaspoon baking soda; Pinch of salt; 1/2 cup plain yogurt; 1/4 cup whole milk; 2 large eggs plus 1 egg white; 2 tablespoons vegetable oil; 2 large apples, peeled, cored and diced; 1 teaspoon cinnamon | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F. Lightly oil a 9 inch round cake pan and set aside. Place the flour, cornmeal, brown sugar, baking powder, baking soda and salt in a large bowl and mix to combine. In a small bowl, combine the yogurt and milk, and whisk in the eggs, egg white and oil and set aside. Toss the apples with the cinnamon. Add to the dry ingredients and toss to coat the fruit. Add the yogurt mixture and, using a rubber spatula, mix until just combined. The mixture will be lumpy, but should not be over-mixed. Pour the mixture into the prepared cake pan, spreading it out to the edges. Bake <END>
INPUT: mashed, Yukon Gold potatoes, garlic, kosher salt, milk, thyme
OUTPUT: TITLE: Our Favorite Creamy Mashed Potatoes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 pounds Yukon Gold potatoes, peeled, cut into 2" pieces; 6 large garlic cloves, peeled; 1 tablespoon plus 2 teaspoons kosher salt, divided, plus more; 1 1/4 cups whole milk; 4 thyme sprigs; 3/4 cup (1 1/2 sticks) plus 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, divided; 3/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, plus more; 1/2 cup sour cream; A potato ricer or food mill | INSTRUCTIONS: Cover potatoes, garlic, and 1 Tbsp. salt with cold water in a large pot. Bring to a low boil, then reduce heat and simmer (do not boil) until potatoes are very tender when pierced with the tip of a paring knife but not falling apart, 20–25 minutes. Meanwhile, heat milk, thyme, and 3/4 cup butter in a small pot over medium, stirring, until butter is melted. Remove from heat; set aside. Drain potatoes and garlic; return to pot. Toss over low heat until moisture evaporates, 1–2 minutes. Using potato ricer or food mill, immediately press potatoes and garlic into a large bowl (do not let cool). Dis <END>
INPUT: American, canapes, unsalted butter, salami, Vasterbotten cheese sharp, Swedish sweet mustard
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cheese Canapes | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened; 12 thin slices of salami, cut into 12 (2-inch) scallop-edged rounds; 1/4 pound Vasterbotten cheese or sharp Cheddar, sliced thin and cut into twelve 1 1/2-inch rounds; 36 (1 1/2-inch) long julienne strips of red bell pepper; About 2 tablespoons Swedish sweet mustard; 12 drained bottled cocktail onions; 6 slices of rye bread | INSTRUCTIONS: Spread the bread with the butter and with a 2-inch scalloped cutter cut into 12 rounds. Arrange the salami, the cheese, and the bell pepper decoratively on the bread, spoon small dollops of the mustard onto the canapes, and press the onions into the mustard. The canapes may be made 30 minutes in advance and kept covered and chilled. Arrange the canapes on a platter.; <END>
INPUT: roast, unsalted butter, matcha tea powder, Salt pepper, chicken, leeks
OUTPUT: TITLE: Matcha Roast Chicken with Leeks | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature; 1 tablespoon matcha tea powder, such as Kenko or The Republic of Tea, sifted; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; One 3- to 3 1/2-pound whole chicken; 4 1/4 pounds large leeks (about 5); 2 tablespoons olive oil; 6 cloves garlic, smashed flat; 2 teaspoons finely chopped flat-leaf parsley | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: kitchen twine Preheat the oven to 475 degrees F. Place the butter in a bowl and mash with a fork until smooth. Add the matcha and 1 teaspoon salt and stir until evenly combined. Slide your forefinger gently under the skin of the chicken and loosen it from the breasts and thighs. Using a spoon, stuff scoops of matcha butter underneath the skin of the breasts and thighs and press it so it spreads out evenly. Take any remaining matcha butter from the bowl (or that doesn't get underneath the skin), and rub it all over the outside of the chicken. Sprinkle the chicken generously w <END>
INPUT: croustades, wine, sugar, peppercorns, orange peel, bay leaf
OUTPUT: TITLE: Wine-Poached Pear Croustades with Ice Cream | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 1/2 cups dry red wine (about 1 1/2 750-ml bottles); 3/4 cup sugar; 18 whole black peppercorns; 2 6x1-inch strips orange peel (orange part only); 1 bay leaf; 3 firm but ripe Bosc or Bartlett pears, peeled, halved, cored; 1 1/2 tablespoons cornstarch; 1 1/2 tablespoons orange juice; 6 1/2-inch-thick pound cake slices, lightly toasted; Vanilla ice cream | INSTRUCTIONS: Stir wine, sugar, peppercorns, orange peel and bay leaf in heavy medium saucepan over medium heat until sugar dissolves. Increase heat to high; cover and boil 5 minutes. Add pears. Reduce heat; cover and simmer until pears are tender, turning occasionally, about 10 minutes. Cool to room temperature. Chill until cold, about 6 hours. (Can be made 1 day ahead. Cover and keep chilled.) Remove pears from liquid. Strain liquid into heavy small saucepan. Boil until liquid is reduced to 1 1/2 cups, about 8 minutes. Whisk cornstarch and orange juice in small bowl to blend. Add to saucepan and whisk unt <END>
INPUT: Indian, jasmine rice, water, salt, shrimp, Vegetable oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Thai Red Curry Shrimp with Jasmine Rice | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup jasmine rice; 2 cups water; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1 pound shrimp, peeled and deveined, shells reserved; Vegetable oil; 2 cloves garlic, smashed and finely chopped; 1 tablespoon Thai red curry paste; 1 (14-ounce) can unsweetened coconut milk; 2 kaffir lime leaves; 1 tablespoon Thai fish sauce; 2 teaspoons brown sugar; 1 lime, zested and juiced; 4 shiitake mushrooms, julienned; 1/2 cup mung bean sprouts, for garnish; 1/2 cup fresh pineapple, cut into 1/2-inch dice, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: For the rice: Combine the rice, water, and salt in a small saucepan. Bring the water to a boil. Cover the pan and reduce the heat to medium-low and cook for 15 minutes. For the shrimp: Place the shrimp shells in a small saucepan and cover with water. Bring to a boil and turn off the heat. Let the shells steep in the water. Coat a large, straight-sided saute pan with vegetable oil. Bring the pan to medium-high heat. Add the garlic and red curry paste. Quickly add the coconut milk and stir to combine. Toss in the lime leaves. Add the fish sauce, brown sugar, lime zest, and juice. Bring to a boil <END>
INPUT: Asian, warm, salad, sesame oil, Chinese sausage smoked, garlic, broccoli, tofu
OUTPUT: TITLE: Warm Broccoli and Tofu Salad with Grilled Chinese Sausage and Chili Miso Vinaigrette | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons sesame oil; 6 to 8 ounces Chinese sausage or smoked sausage, cut into 1/2-inch rounds; 2 tablespoons chopped garlic; 1 head broccoli, cut into florets and stems sliced on a bias; 3 to 4 pieces of firm tofu, cut into 1/2-inch cubes; 1 tablespoon grated fresh ginger; 1 tablespoon chili oil (recipe follows); 3 tablespoons soy sauce; 1 tablespoon mirin; 2 tablespoons miso paste; 2 tablespoons rice wine vinegar | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat a wok or large saute pan on high flame, add sesame oil, sausage and garlic and cook for 2 to 3 minutes. Add broccoli, cook additional 2 to 3 minutes and remove to a bowl. In same pan or wok add tofu, ginger and toss quickly for 30 seconds. Remove to bowl with sausage and broccoli. Reduce heat and add chili oil, garlic and soy sauce and whisk in mirin, miso, rice vinegar and season to taste. If heat is too high you may need more oil for consistency. Plate broccoli, tofu and sausage mixture on plate and drizzle warm vinaigrette on top. Garnish with scallion or chives. <END>
INPUT: American, tetrazzini, garlic, mushrooms, wine, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Turkey Tetrazzini | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 4 tablespoons (1/2 stick) butter; 4 cloves garlic, minced; 1 pound white mushrooms, quartered; 1 cup dry white wine; 1/2 teaspoon salt, plus more; 1/2 teaspoon black pepper, plus more; 1/4 cup flour; 4 cups turkey or chicken broth, plus more if needed; One 8-ounce package cream cheese; 3 cups leftover Thanksgiving turkey, shredded or diced; 1 1/2 cups frozen green peas; 1 cup grated Monterey Jack cheese; 1 cup finely chopped black olives; 1/2 cup grated Parmesan; 4 slices bacon, fried and chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Melt the butter in a large pot over medium heat and add the garlic. Throw in the mushrooms, wine, salt and pepper, and cook them, stirring occasionally, until the liquid reduces by half, 3 to 4 minutes. Sprinkle the flour all over, then stir to combine. Pour in the broth, stir and continue to cook until the sauce is nice and thick, 3 to 4 minutes. Add the cream cheese and stir until it mixes in. (Don't worry if it seems a little lumpy at first. That will go away!) Add the turkey, peas, Monterey Jack, olives, Parmesan and bacon.  <END>
INPUT: Italian, orzo, olive oil, lemon juice, garlic, garbanzo beans
OUTPUT: TITLE: Orzo with Garbanzo Beans, Goat Cheese, and Oregano | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cups orzo (about 9 ounces); 1/4 cup olive oil; 3 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 1 garlic clove, minced; 1 15- to 15 1/2-ounce can garbanzo beans (chickpeas), rinsed, drained; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh oregano; 15-ounce log soft fresh goat cheese, crumbled (about 1 cup) | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook orzo in large saucepan of boiling salted water until just tender, stirring occasionally. Drain orzo. Whisk olive oil, fresh lemon juice, and minced garlic to blend in large serving bowl. Add drained garbanzo beans, cooked orzo, and chopped fresh oregano; toss salad to coat. Season salad to taste with salt and pepper. Gently stir in crumbled goat cheese. Serve orzo salad warm or at room temperature. Cook orzo in large saucepan of boiling salted water until just tender, stirring occasionally. Drain orzo. Whisk olive oil, fresh lemon juice, and minced garlic to blend in large serving bowl. A <END>
INPUT: Mexican, tamales, corn husks, chicken flavored bouillon, loosely cilantro
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken Tamales | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 24 dried corn husks; 1 tablespoon chicken-flavored bouillon powder; 1 pound skinless, boneless chicken breasts; 3/4 pound skinless, boneless chicken thighs; 2 cups loosely packed fresh cilantro; 1 clove garlic, minced; 1/2 teaspoon ground cumin; 1/2 cup hot salsa verde; Kosher salt; 1 dried ancho chile, stemmed and seeded; 4 cups masa harina (instant corn flour); 1 1/3 cups lard | INSTRUCTIONS: Soak the corn husks in a bowl of hot water, using a plate to keep them submerged, until pliable, 1 hour. Meanwhile, make the filling: Bring the bouillon powder and 4 cups water to a simmer in a medium pot over medium heat. Add the chicken and simmer until cooked through, 12 to 15 minutes. Remove the chicken and let cool; cut into small pieces. Reserve the broth. Puree the cilantro and 1 1/4 cups of the reserved broth in a food processor until smooth (save the remaining broth for another use). Transfer to a medium pot. Add the garlic, cumin and salsa and bring to a simmer over medium heat; cook <END>
INPUT: American, spice, rubbed, kosher salt, sugar, cumin, coriander, chili powder
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spice-Rubbed Flank Steak with Butternut Squash-Pepper Bacon Salad | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon kosher salt; 3 tablespoons brown sugar; 2 tablespoons ground cumin; 1 teaspoon ground coriander; 1 teaspoon chili powder; 2 tablespoons dried oregano; 1 teaspoon dried thyme; 1 teaspoon dried mustard; 1/2 teaspoon cayenne pepper; 2 teaspoons extra virgin olive oil; 1 (3-pound) flank steak; 6 slices pepper bacon, diced; 2 teaspoons extra virgin olive oil; 4 cups peeled, diced butternut squash; 2 onions, cut into large dice | INSTRUCTIONS: To prepare the spice rub: Combine all the rub ingredients in a bowl and mix well. To prepare the steak: Generously coat the steak with the rub. Cover, refrigerate, and let it cure for 4 to 6 hours. Lightly rinse the cured steak under running water to remove excess rub. Set on a plate and refrigerate, uncovered, until ready to cook. To prepare the salad: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees. Heat a very large ovenproof sautepan over high heat until very hot. Add the diced bacon and cook until crispy. Remove the bacon from the pan, and drain on paper towels. Set aside. Add the olive oil to the drippi <END>
INPUT: Mexican, battered, honey, all purpose flour, cayenne pepper, salt, baking powder, granulated sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Beer Battered Shrimp with Chipotle Honey | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup all purpose flour; 1 1/2 teaspoons cayenne pepper; 1 teaspoon salt; 1/2 teaspoon baking powder; 1 teaspoon granulated sugar; 8 ounces beer; Flour for dusting; 3-4 cups peanut oil for frying; 1 1/4 pounds rock shrimp or peeled white shrimp; 2 chipotle chiles, stemmed and seeded; 1 tomato, cored and cut in quarters; 1/2 small onion, peeled and sliced; 1 clove garlic, peeled; 1/2 cup water; l teaspoon salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine 1 cup of the flour with the cayenne, salt, sugar and baking powder in a medium bowl. Add beer all at once and whisk until smooth. Set aside at least 1/2 hour. Heat oil to deep-fry temperature (350/) in a large saucepan. Test oil by sprinkling a few drops of batter and if they rise to the surface, the oil is ready. Toss the shrimps in the flour for dusting and toss to coat evenly, then pat off excess. Drop a few at a time first in the batter then into the hot oil and fry until lightly golden and crispy-- about 2 minutes. Remove with a slotted spoon and drain on paper towels. Serve immed <END>
INPUT: cookies, rolled oats, wheat pastry flour, baking soda, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lighter Chocolate Chip Cookies | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup rolled oats (not quick-cooking); 1 cup whole-wheat pastry flour, spooned and leveled; 1/4 teaspoon baking soda; 1/8 teaspoon salt; 4 tablespoons (1/2 stick) unsalted butter, softened; 2/3 cup packed light-brown sugar; 3 tablespoons agave nectar; 1 large egg, room temperature; 2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract; 4 ounces semisweet chocolate, chopped, or 1/2 cup semisweet chocolate chips | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Combine the oats, flour, baking soda and salt in a food processor and pulse until the oats are finely ground. Set aside. 2. In the bowl of an electric mixer, cream the butter, sugar and agave nectar until light and fluffy. Add the egg and vanilla and mix until smooth and glossy. Reduce mixer speed to the lowest setting and gradually add the flour mixture until just incorporated; stir in the chocolate. 3. Drop level tablespoons of the dough onto silicone mat lined baking sheets, 2 inches apart (12 cookies per sheet). Transfer the sheets to the refrigerator  <END>
INPUT: garlic, unsalted butter, shelled peas, water, thyme
OUTPUT: TITLE: Peas with Garlic and Thyme | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 garlic cloves, smashed with flat side of a knife; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 2 cups shelled fresh peas (2 to 2 1/2 pounds in pods); 2/3 cup water; 1 teaspoon fresh thyme; 1/2 teaspoon salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook garlic in butter in a heavy saucepan over moderately low heat, stirring, until garlic turns pale golden, about 2 minutes. Add peas, water, and thyme and simmer briskly, uncovered, stirring occasionally, until liquid is evaporated and peas are tender, 8 to 10 minutes. Stir in salt and season with pepper. Cook garlic in butter in a heavy saucepan over moderately low heat, stirring, until garlic turns pale golden, about 2 minutes. Add peas, water, and thyme and simmer briskly, uncovered, stirring occasionally, until liquid is evaporated and peas are tender, 8 to 10 minutes. Stir in salt and  <END>
INPUT: bisque, parsnips, vegetable oil, salt, honey, water
OUTPUT: TITLE: Honey Roasted Parsnip Bisque | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 pounds parsnips, peeled and quartered lengthwise; 1/4 cup vegetable oil; 3 teaspoons salt, divided; 6 tablespoons honey, divided; 6 cups water; 1 bunch parsley; 1 carrot, cut in 1/2; 1 small onion; 2 bay leaves; 1/2 teaspoon black peppercorns; 2 teaspoons white pepper; 3 cups heavy cream | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: Cheesecloth Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Toss the parsnips with the oil and 1 teaspoon of salt and drizzle with 3 tablespoons honey. Place on a baking sheet and put into the top half of the oven. Roast 30 minutes, or until the parsnips are a deep golden brown; they tend to burn easily so make sure to toss often while roasting. Meanwhile, put the water into a large pot and place over high heat. Lay a double layer of cheesecloth on a flat surface and place the carrot, onion, parsley, bay leaves and peppercorns in the center. Tie the cheesecloth up and around the vegetabl <END>
INPUT: Asian, vegetable, stir, peanut oil, soy sauce, scallions, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken and Vegetable Stir-Fry with Udon Noodles | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1 teaspoon peanut oil, plus more as needed; 2 boneless, skinless chicken thighs, thinly sliced; 3 tablespoons soy sauce; 3 scallions, white and green parts separated and sliced on the bias; 2 cloves garlic, smashed and finely chopped; One 1-inch piece fresh ginger, peeled and finely grated; 1/2 jalapeno, seeded and cut into brunoise; 2 medium carrots, julienned; 4 ounces shiitake mushrooms, stemmed and sliced; 3 tablespoons rice wine vinegar; 1 cup chiffonade Napa cabbage; 1/2 cup edamame; Kosher salt; 1 pound fresh udon noodles; Sesame oil, for drizzling | INSTRUCTIONS: Coat a large, straight-sided saute pan set over medium heat with the peanut oil and toss in the chicken and 1 tablespoon of the soy sauce. Cook until the chicken is cooked through, then remove and reserve for later use. Add in the white scallion pieces, garlic, ginger and jalapenos. Add in a splash more of the oil and cook over medium heat, 1 to 2 minutes. Toss in the carrots and cook until softened, about 2 minutes. Toss in the mushrooms and cook until softened, 2 to 3 minutes. Add in the remaining 2 tablespoons soy sauce and the vinegar, and then add the cabbage, edamame and the reserved chi <END>
INPUT: American, bake, virgin olive oil, fully beer bratwurst, cremini mushrooms, celery, carrot
OUTPUT: TITLE: Bratwurst Rice Bake | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 8 ounces fully cooked beer bratwurst, cut into 2-inch chunks; 1 8-ounce package sliced cremini mushrooms; 2 stalks celery, cut into 1-inch pieces; 1 carrot, cut into 1-inch pieces; 1 bunch scallions, thinly sliced (white and green parts separated); 2 teaspoons chopped fresh thyme; 1 1/2 cups long-grain white rice; 2 1/2 cups low-sodium chicken broth; 1/4 cup half-and-half; Kosher salt; 1 cup grated Swiss cheese (about 4 ounces) | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Heat the olive oil in a large ovenproof skillet over medium-high heat. Add the bratwurst, mushrooms, celery, carrot, scallion whites and thyme. Cook, stirring occasionally, until the mushrooms soften, about 4 minutes. Add the rice and cook, stirring to coat, 1 minute. Add the chicken broth, half-and-half and 1 teaspoon salt. Bring to a simmer, then cover the skillet and transfer to the oven. Bake until the rice is tender, about 18 minutes. Switch the oven to broil. Uncover the rice and sprinkle with the cheese. Broil until the cheese is browned and bubbling,  <END>
INPUT: dumplings, milk, skinned potatoes, onions, parsley
OUTPUT: TITLE: Potato Dumplings | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 15 slices (3-day old) white sandwich bread, crusts trimmed; 1 cup whole milk; 7 large red skinned potatoes, peeled and grated (about 2 cups); 2 medium yellow onions, grated; 1 bunch fresh parsley, chopped (about 6 tablespoons); 1 tablespoon salt; 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground white pepper; 1 pinch freshly grated nutmeg; 1 pinch dried marjoram; 3 large eggs, beaten well; All-purpose flour, for coating | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large mixing bowl, soak the bread in the milk 2 to 3 minutes, until soggy. Using your hands, squeeze out and discard the milk. Place the bread in a large mixing bowl. Stir in the potatoes, onions, parsley, salt, pepper, nutmeg, and marjoram. Add the eggs to the mixture and mix well. Shape the mixture into about 24 (1 1/2-inch) round dumplings. Dip the dumplings into the flour to coat generously. Bring a large saucepan of lightly salted water to a boil over high heat. With a slotted spoon, gently add the dumplings to the water. Bring back to a boil. Reduce the heat to medium. Cover and coo <END>
INPUT: garlic, lemon juice, Greek oregano, rosemary
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Lamb with Potatoes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 18 cloves garlic; 1 (750-ml) bottle dry red wine; 2 cups freshly squeezed lemon juice; 3 tablespoons dried Greek oregano; 3 tablespoons dried rosemary; Coarse salt and freshly ground pepper; 1 (8-pound) leg of lamb, bone in and trimmed of fat; 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil plus 3 tablespoons; 6 pounds Idaho potatoes, peeled and cut into 1/6 lengthwise; 8 large globe artichokes, stems, leaves, and chokes removed | INSTRUCTIONS: Finely chop 8 cloves garlic. In a large shallow pan, combine wine, 1 cup lemon juice, chopped garlic, 2 tablespoons oregano, and 2 tablespoons rosemary; season with salt and pepper. Add lamb, turning to coat. Cover, and marinate in refrigerator overnight. Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. In a mortar and pestle, crush 6 cloves garlic and the remaining oregano and rosemary. Remove lamb from marinade, and pierce lamb with a paring knife in 10 to 12 places. Rub garlic mixture over lamb, pushing the mixture into the incisions. Transfer to a large roasting pan, and pour 3 tablespoons olive oil over la <END>
INPUT: Mexican, blueberry, shortcakes, all purpose flour, sugar, baking powder, salt, unsalted butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Blueberry Shortcakes with Coconut-Lime Whipped Cream | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2 1/4 cups all-purpose flour, plus more for dusting; 1/4 cup sugar, plus more for sprinkling; 2 teaspoons baking powder; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 1 stick cold unsalted butter, cut into small pieces; 2/3 cup heavy cream, plus more for brushing; 1/2 teaspoon pure vanilla extract; 2 tablespoons dried coconut chips; 3 cups fresh blueberries (about 1 1/2 pints); 3 tablespoons sugar; 2 tablespoons fresh lime juice; Pinch of salt; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh mint; 1 cup heavy cream; 1/2 teaspoon pure vanilla extract | INSTRUCTIONS: Make the shortcakes: Line a baking sheet with parchment paper. Pulse the flour, sugar, baking powder and salt in a food processor until combined. Add the butter; pulse a few times until the mixture resembles coarse meal. Add the heavy cream and vanilla; pulse until the dough just starts to come together. Turn out onto a lightly floured surface; gently pat into a 5-by-7 1/2-inch rectangle. Cut out 6 rounds with a 2 1/2-inch-round cutter; place about 2 inches apart on the prepared baking sheet and refrigerate 30 minutes. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Lightly brush the shortcake tops with he <END>
INPUT: cakes, Salt, Bay leaves, Lemon wedges, peppercorns, cod fillets
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cod Cakes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Salt; Bay leaves; Lemon wedges; Black peppercorns; 5 pounds cod fillets; 3 pounds Yukon Gold potatoes, peeled and quartered; 2 Spanish onions, diced; Canola oil, for pan-frying; 4 cups sour cream; 1 cup diced fresh chives; 1 cup Dijon mustard; 1 cup chopped scallions; 1/2 cup Worcestershire sauce; 3 tablespoons Old Bay seasoning; 1 tablespoon garlic powder | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Add some salt and a bouquet garni of some bay leaves, lemon wedges and black peppercorns to a pot of boiling water. Add the cod fillets and boil for 10 to 12 minutes. Remove the cod from the water and refrigerate for 1 hour. Boil the potatoes in plenty of salted water until tender. Drain, mash and cool completely. Pan-fry the onions in a little bit of canola oil until soft. Set aside to cool. In a large bowl, mix together the chilled cod, mashed potatoes, fried onions, sour cream, chives, mustard, scallions, Worcestershire sauce, Old Bay seasoning, garlic powder, <END>
INPUT: soup, olive oil, chicken thighs, oregano, onions, celery
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken and Escarole Soup with Fennel | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup olive oil; 1 1/2 pounds skinless boneless chicken thighs, cut into 1/2-inch cubes; 1 tablespoon dried oregano; 2 cups chopped onions; 4 celery stalks, chopped; 4 garlic cloves, chopped; 1 teaspoon fennel seeds; 1 14- to 15-ounce can diced tomatoes in juice; 8 cups low-salt chicken broth; 1 head of escarole, cut into wide strips; Grated Pecorino Romano cheese | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat oil in large pot over medium-high heat. Add chicken; sprinkle with salt, pepper, and oregano. Mix in onions, celery, garlic, and fennel seeds. Sauté until vegetables begin to soften, about 4 minutes. Stir in tomatoes. Add broth; bring to boil. Reduce heat to medium; simmer until vegetables and chicken are tender, about 15 minutes. Add escarole; simmer until wilted, about 3 minutes. Season with salt and pepper. Ladle into bowls. Serve, passing cheese separately. Heat oil in large pot over medium-high heat. Add chicken; sprinkle with salt, pepper, and oregano. Mix in onions, celery, garlic, <END>
INPUT: neely, bacon, garlic, spinach, balsamic vinegar, Salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Neely's Sauteed Spinach | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 slices bacon, roughly chopped; 3 garlic cloves, sliced; 2 bunches spinach, well washed and tough stems discarded; 2 tablespoons balsamic vinegar; Salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat a medium skillet over medium high heat. Add the chopped bacon and render until almost crisp. Add garlic and cook until fragrant. Add the spinach a little at a time. Toss with tongs until wilted. Add balsamic vinegar. Season with salt and pepper. <END>
INPUT: soup, chicken broth, orzo, eggs, Juice lemons
OUTPUT: TITLE: Egg Lemon Soup | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 quarts chicken broth; 2/3 cup orzo; 3 eggs; Juice of 1 1/2 lemons | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring the chicken broth to a boil in a saucepan. Stir in the orzo, reduce the heat and simmer, uncovered, for about 10 to 12 minutes, or until pasta is done. Turn off the heat, keeping the pan in its place. Separate the eggs, and place the egg whites in a clean bowl and beat just until foamy, about 2 to 3 minutes. Add the egg yolks and continue beating until well mixed, another 2 minutes. Continuing to beat, gradually add the lemon juice. Slowly add about 3 cups of the hot chicken broth (at this point, use a thermometer to make sure the broth is just below 160 degrees F), beating as you add th <END>
INPUT: Italian, grape seed, garlic, lime juice, sugar, basil leaves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lime Noodles with Vegetables, Basil, and Sesame | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/4 cups plus 2 tablespoons grape seed, corn, or other neutral oil; 10 garlic cloves, thinly sliced; 3/4 cup fresh lime juice; 1/2 cup sugar; 2 cups fresh basil leaves, preferably Thai; 1 1/2 cups fresh mint leaves; 3/4 cup white sesame seeds, plus more for garnish; 1 tablespoon salt, plus more as needed; About 1/2 pound assorted vegetables: carrots, parsnips, broccoli (stems are fine), bell peppers, etc., peeled and julienned; 1 pound 1/4-inch-wide dried rice noodles, soaked in hot water until softened and drained; 1/2 cup unsalted butter | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. Put 3 tablespoons of the oil in a medium skillet over medium-low heat. Add the garlic and cook, stirring occasionally,until the garlic turns golden, about 10 minutes; set aside. 2. Meanwhile, combine the lime juice and sugar in a small saucepan and bring to a boil. Set aside. 3. Fill a large bowl with water and ice and set aside. Bring a small pot of water to a boil and add the basil and mint leaves. As soon as the water returns to a boil, drain the leaves and transfer to the ice water. When cold, drain again and squeeze dry. Purée in a blender with the sesame seeds, garlic, salt, and 1 cup <END>
INPUT: garlic, paprika, Coarse salt pepper, wine vinegar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Red Roasted Chicken | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 (3-pound) chicken; 3 garlic cloves, finely chopped; 2 tablespoons paprika; Coarse salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1/4 cup red wine vinegar; 1/3 cup Spanish olive oil; 3 tablespoons unsalted butter; 2 medium onions, finely chopped; 6 Italian Roma tomatoes, cored, seeded, and chopped (or use canned); 1/2 cup water; 1/2 bunch Italian parsley, leaves only, roughly chopped, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Rinse the chicken, remove any excess fat, and pat dry with paper towels. In a small bowl, mix together the garlic, paprika, 2 teaspoons salt, 2 teaspoons pepper, and the vinegar. Rub the vinegar mixture all over the chicken, including the cavity. Cover with plastic wrap and marinate at room temperature 1 hour. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees. Heat a large cast-iron skillet over medium-high heat and add the olive oil. Shake the chicken to drain the excess vinegar. Using kitchen tongs and a large wooden spoon to steady the bird, brown it on all sides in the hot oil. Transfer to a plate and set a <END>
INPUT: latte, unsweetened almond milk, matcha powder, Agave syrup, Ingredient Matcha
OUTPUT: TITLE: Matcha Latte | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 cup unsweetened almond milk, soy milk, rice milk, or cow's milk; 1 teaspoon matcha powder; Agave syrup; Ingredient info: Matcha (green tea powder) is available at Japanese markets, inpursuitoftea.com, and hibiki-an.com | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring 3/4 cup unsweetened almond milk, soy milk, rice milk, or cow's milk to a bare simmer in a small pot over medium-high heat. Place 1 teaspoon matcha powder in a heatproof cup. Slowly whisk in 1/4 cup boiling water, then almond milk, tipping cup slightly to help create more foam. Sweeten with agave syrup. Bring 3/4 cup unsweetened almond milk, soy milk, rice milk, or cow's milk to a bare simmer in a small pot over medium-high heat. Place 1 teaspoon matcha powder in a heatproof cup. Slowly whisk in 1/4 cup boiling water, then almond milk, tipping cup slightly to help create more foam. Sweete <END>
INPUT: squares, all purpose flour, quick oats, light sugar, baking soda
OUTPUT: TITLE: Date Squares | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 12 tablespoons (1 1/2 sticks) unsalted butter, plus more for pan; 1 1/2 cups all-purpose flour; 1 1/2 cups quick-cooking oats; 1 cup packed light-brown sugar; 1/2 teaspoon baking soda; Date Paste, recipe follows; 2 cups dates, pitted and diced; 1 lemon, juiced and zested; Pinch salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Butter an 8 by 8 by 2-inch baking pan, and set aside. In a large bowl, combine flour, oats, brown sugar, and baking soda. Add butter, and blend with your fingertips until mixture resembles coarse crumbs. Transfer 2/3 of the crumb mixture into prepared pan, and press into bottom and up sides. Spread date paste over bottom layer of the dough. Cover with remaining crumb mixture. Bake until golden brown, about 35 minutes. Transfer pan to a wire rack to cool completely. Invert onto a plate, then back onto a cutting board. Cut into 2-inch squares. Store in an airtight  <END>
INPUT: Italian, spinach, light sour cream, Parmesan, skim mozzarella, reduced fat cream
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spinach Artichoke Dip | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 box frozen chopped spinach, thawed; 1 cup light sour cream; 1/2 cup grated Parmesan; 1 cup shredded part-skim mozzarella; 8 ounces reduced fat cream cheese, softened; 4 cloves garlic, crushed; 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, plus more as needed; 1 teaspoon hot pepper sauce, plus more as needed; 1 (14-ounce) can artichoke hearts, drained; Carrot sticks, celery sticks or baked tortilla strips, for serving | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Squeeze all excess liquid from spinach, place in a food processor with sour cream, Parmesan, 1/2 cup of the mozzarella, the cream cheese, garlic, pepper and hot sauce. Process until just blended but still slightly lumpy. Add artichokes and pulse to form a chunky mixture. Place in a 1-quart baking dish. Top with remaining mozzarella. Bake until bubbly, about 30 minutes. Serve with carrot sticks, celery sticks or baked tortilla strips. <END>
INPUT: Asian, canola oil, Kosher salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Beer, Ginger, and Garlic Braised Brisket | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons canola oil; 1 (3-pound) beef brisket, trimmed of excess fat and silver skin; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 (2-inch) stick cinnamon; 10 whole cloves; 4 green cardamom pods, crushed; 2 pounds white onions, sliced 1/2-inch thick (about 3 medium); 3 tablespoons Ginger-Garlic Paste, recipe follows; 1 tablespoon dark brown sugar; 1 (22-ounce) lager beer (recommended: Sapporo); 1 cup beef or chicken broth; 1 teaspoon apple cider vinegar; 1/2 cup cloves garlic; 1/2 cup (1/2-inch slices) fresh ginger; 1/4 cup canola oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Warm the oil in a large, ovenproof Dutch oven over medium-high heat until shimmering. Season the brisket with salt and pepper on both sides, and then add the meat to the pot. Brown on all sides, about 10 minutes total. Remove from the pot and set aside on a plate. Turn the heat down to medium and add the cinnamon stick, cloves, and cardamom pods; they should sizzle upon contact with the oil in the pot. Once they start releasing their aroma (less than 1 minute), add the onions and Ginger-Garlic paste. Sprinkle with a touch of sal <END>
INPUT: macaroons, coconut, all purpose flour, kosher salt, condensed milk, orange juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Coconut Macaroons | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 5 1/2 cups sweetened shredded coconut; 2/3 cup all-purpose flour; 1/4 teaspoon kosher salt; 14 ounces sweetened condensed milk; 1/2 cup orange juice; 1 to 2 ounces chopped pistachios, plus more for dipping; 1 cup milk chocolate pistoles, melted for dipping; Juice and zest of 1 orange, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: a small (1-tablespoon) scoop Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. In a large bowl, stir together the coconut, flour and salt. Stir in the condensed milk, orange juice and chopped pistachios until well combined. Using a small scoop (about 1 tablespoon), scoop out the coconut batter onto 2 parchment-lined baking sheets. Be sure to press the tops down just a little so the centers can cook. Bake until the coconut is toasted, 12 to 15 minutes. Allow to cool on the pans. Dip the bottom of each cooled macaroon in the melted milk chocolate, and lightly roll in pistachios. Return to th <END>
INPUT: compote, butter, pears, dates, honey, cinnamon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Date Compote with Fresh Pears | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon butter; 2 pears, cored and cut into thin slices; 1/4 pound pitted dates; 4 tablespoons honey; Pinch cinnamon; 1/4 cup water; 1/2 lemon, zested and juiced; Sour cream, optional | INSTRUCTIONS: In a medium saute pan, melt butter over low heat. When it has melted, add the pear slices and toss to coat. Chop the dates into small pieces and add to the pears. Add the honey and a cinnamon and cook until tender, 3 to 5 minutes. Add a little water to loosen, if necessary. Add the zest and juice from the lemon and stir. Serve with pancakes, if desired, and a dollop of sour cream. <END>
INPUT: Indian, pudding, sauce, short grain rice, golden baker's sugar, milk, half half, cardamom pods
OUTPUT: TITLE: White Chocolate and Cardamom Rice Pudding with Marmalade and Cointreau Sauce | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup short grain rice; 1/3 cup golden baker's sugar; 1 1/3 cups 1% milk; 1/2 cup half-and-half; 3 whole cardamom pods, seeds removed and ground to a powder; 3 1/2 oz white chocolate, grated; 1/3 cup marmalade; 1/3 cup Cointreau | INSTRUCTIONS: Place the rice and sugar into a medium saucepan, then pour in the milk and half-and-half. Add the cardamom powder. Bring to a boil, then lower the heat and simmer for 15 to 20 minutes, until the rice is swollen and tender. Add a little hot water if it's looking a little dry. Remove from the heat and stir in the grated white chocolate. Cover the pan and set aside. To make the sauce, combine the marmalade with the Cointreau and heat gently in a pan. Divide the rice pudding between four bowls and drizzle with the sauce. Serve decorated with a few shavings of white chocolate, if desired. Place the <END>
INPUT: scotch, sauce, grape seed oil, pork sausage meat, parsley leaves, tarragon leaves, egg
OUTPUT: TITLE: Scotch Eggs with Mustard Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 cups grape seed oil; 1 pound pork sausage meat; 2 tablespoons fresh chopped parsley leaves; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh tarragon leaves; 1 egg, plus 1 beaten egg; 6 hard boiled eggs; 1 cup all-purpose flour; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1/4 cup milk; 2 cups panko bread crumbs; 1/2 cup low-fat mayonnaise; 3 tablespoons stone ground mustard; 1 lemon, juiced | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. In a heavy-bottomed saucepan over medium-high heat, heat the oil to 325 degrees F (or until hot enough to sizzle when a breadcrumb is dropped in). DO NOT ALLOW OIL TO SMOKE! In a stand mixer fitted with a paddle, mix together the sausage meat, fresh herbs, and 1 whole egg. Mix together until softened and pliable. Take hard-boiled eggs and wrap sausage mixture around completely covering the egg. In preparation for breading, prepare the following: Season flour by adding salt and pepper in a shallow dish. Take remaining beaten egg and mix with milk in another shallo <END>
INPUT: slaw, buttermilk, lemon juice, mayonnaise, olive oil, Kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Iceberg and Cabbage Slaw | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup buttermilk; 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 1 tablespoon mayonnaise; 3 tablespoons olive oil; Kosher salt, freshly ground pepper; 1 head of iceberg lettuce, outer leaves removed, thinly sliced; 1/2 head of small green cabbage, outer leaves removed, thinly sliced; 4 scallions, thinly sliced; 3 tablespoons chopped fresh chives; 1 teaspoon celery seeds | INSTRUCTIONS: Whisk buttermilk, lemon juice, and mayonnaise in a large bowl, then whisk in oil. Season dressing with salt and pepper. Add lettuce, cabbage, scallions, chives, and celery seeds to dressing and toss to coat well. Taste and season with salt and pepper. Do ahead: Iceberg, cabbage, scallions, and chives can be sliced 2 hours ahead. Chill in a large bowl, covered with a damp paper towel. Whisk buttermilk, lemon juice, and mayonnaise in a large bowl, then whisk in oil. Season dressing with salt and pepper. Add lettuce, cabbage, scallions, chives, and celery seeds to dressing and toss to coat well.  <END>
INPUT: Asian, teriyaki, Salt pepper, Chinese five spice, rack pork spareribs, sesame seeds, Cilantro leaves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Teriyaki-Glazed Pork Spare Ribs | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1/2 cup Chinese five-spice powder; 1 rack pork spareribs, trimmed of excess fat, cut in 1/2 through the bone so you have 2-inch length riblets; 2 tablespoons white sesame seeds, for garnish; Cilantro leaves, chopped, for garnish; Green onion, thinly sliced, for garnish; 1 cup low-sodium soy sauce; 1 cup fresh grapefruit juice; 1/4 cup hoisin sauce; 3 tablespoons ketchup; 3 tablespoons rice vinegar; 1 fresh red chile, split; 2 garlic cloves, smashed; 2 -inch piece fresh ginger, cut into 1-inch coins | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 300 degrees F. Mix the salt and pepper in a small bowl with the five-spice powder. Rub some of the mixture all over the ribs, and then store remaining rub in an airtight container for another use. Arrange the ribs in a single layer in a roasting pan and slow-roast for 2 hours. To make Teriyaki Glaze: In a pot, combine the soy sauce, grapefruit juice, hoisin sauce, ketchup, rice wine vinegar, chile, garlic, and ginger over medium heat. Bring to a slow simmer and cook, stirring, until thickened, about 20 minutes. Reserve 1 cup of Teriyaki Glaze in a small bowl and set aside.  <END>
INPUT: American, kosher salt, light sugar, mustard seeds, peppercorns, thyme
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Rack of Pork with Sherry Vinegar BBQ Sauce | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup plus 4 teaspoons kosher salt; 1/2 cup light brown sugar; 1/4 cup yellow mustard seeds; 1/4 cup whole black peppercorns; 8 sprigs fresh thyme; 1 Spanish onion, peeled and quartered; One 4-pound center cut rack of pork, chine and feather bones removed; 4 tablespoons Spanish paprika; 4 teaspoons cumin seeds, ground; 4 teaspoons fennel seeds, ground; 4 teaspoons black mustard seeds, ground; 2 teaspoons coarsely ground black pepper; Canola oil; Sherry Vinegar BBQ Sauce, recipe follows; 1 cup ketchup | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Combine 10 cups water, 1/2 cup kosher salt, brown sugar, mustard seeds, peppercorns, thyme and onions in a large glass bowl or a plastic container. Add the pork, cover and refrigerate for at least 4 hours and up to 12 hours. Thirty minutes before grilling, remove the pork from the brine, rinse with cold water, pat dry and let sit out at room temperature. Prepare a charcoal grill for direct and indirect cooking. Combine the paprika, cumin, mustard, fennel, the remaining 4 teaspoons salt and ground pepper in a bowl. Rub the pork with the spices and drizzle with can <END>
INPUT: vegetable, sandwiches, tuna water, sweet pickles, plain nonfat yogurt, light mayonnaise, bell pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tuna, Pickle, and Chopped-Vegetable Pita Sandwiches | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 6-ounce can tuna in water, drained; 1/2 cup chopped drained sweet pickles; 3 tablespoons plain nonfat yogurt; 3 tablespoons light mayonnaise; 1 red bell pepper, chopped; 1/2 cup chopped sweet onion (such as Vidalia); 1/2 cup chopped peeled cored Granny Smith apple; 2 teaspoons apple cider vinegar; 2 cups thinly sliced red leaf lettuce; 4 pita breads, halved, pockets opened | INSTRUCTIONS: Mix first 4 ingredients in small bowl. Season tuna mixture with salt and pepper. Mix bell pepper, onion, and apple in medium bowl. Add half of vegetable mixture to tuna mixture and stir to blend. Add vinegar to remaining vegetable mixture; toss to combine. Season vegetable mixture to taste with salt and pepper. Place 1/4 cup lettuce in each pita half. Spoon 1/8 of tuna mixture, then 1/8 of vegetable mixture into each pita half. Place 2 pita halves on each of 4 plates and serve. Mix first 4 ingredients in small bowl. Season tuna mixture with salt and pepper. Mix bell pepper, onion, and apple in <END>
INPUT: American, stone corn grits, jalapeño pepper, butter, mascarpone cream cheese, Edam cheese
OUTPUT: TITLE: Jalapeño Cheese Grits | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup stone-ground white corn grits; 1 jalapeño pepper; 3 tablespoons butter; 2 tablespoons mascarpone or cream cheese; 1/4 cup grated Edam cheese; Salt | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. Heat 4 cups of water in a large heavy-bottomed pot over high heat until it comes to a boil. Slowly pour in the grits while whisking constantly. Reduce the heat to low, cover, and cook, stirring occasionally with a wooden spoon, for about 20 minutes. 2. While the grits are cooking, pan-roast the jalapeño pepper in a small skillet over high heat until the skin is brown and blistered. Cut the pepper in half lengthwise and remove the skin and the seeds from the pepper and discard. Mince the flesh and add it to the pot of grits. 3. Remove the pot from the heat and fold in the butter, mascarpone, <END>
INPUT: roast, romesco, pine nuts, carrots, olive oil, Kosher salt, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roast Pork Tenderloin with Carrot Romesco | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup pine nuts; 1 1/2 pounds small carrots, peeled, halved lengthwise if larger; 5 tablespoons olive oil, divided; Kosher salt; 1 freshly ground black pepper; 1 large pork tenderloin (about 1 1/2 pounds); 1 small garlic clove, finely grated; 1 teaspoon Aleppo pepper or 1/2 teaspoons crushed red pepper flakes; 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar, divided; 2 cups spicy greens (such as watercress or baby mustard) | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350°F. Toast pine nuts on a rimmed baking sheet, tossing occasionally, until golden brown, 8–10 minutes; let cool. Increase temperature to 450°F. Toss carrots with 1 tablespoon oil on another rimmed baking sheet; season with salt and black pepper. Roast, tossing occasionally, until softened and browned, 15–20 minutes; let cool slightly. Meanwhile, heat 1 tablespoon oil in a large ovenproof skillet over medium-high heat. Season pork with salt and black pepper and cook, turning occasionally, until golden brown, 10–15 minutes. Transfer skillet to oven and roast pork until a thermo <END>
INPUT: vivien, low sodium soy, chives, honey, curry powder, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Vivien's Favorite Shrimp | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup low-sodium soy sauce; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh chives; 1 tablespoon honey; 1 teaspoon curry powder; 4 cloves garlic, chopped; 1 1/2 pounds extra-large shrimp, deveined, tail on; 3 tablespoons canola oil; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh cilantro, for garnish, optional | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Add the soy sauce, chives, honey, curry powder and garlic to a small pot. Heat over low heat just to a simmer. Remove from the heat and chill in an ice bath. Combine the cooled marinade and the shrimp in a large bowl and toss to coat. Cover and let marinate for at least 10 minutes or up to 1 hour. Strain the shrimp and discard the marinade. Heat a large skillet over high heat. Once the skillet is super-hot, add the canola oil and then the shrimp; cook until the shrimp are pink and nicely-browned at the edges, 2 to 3 minutes per side. Transfer the shrimp to a serv <END>
INPUT: saucy, trout fillets, Kosher salt, ketchup, mayonnaise, olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Saucy Trout | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 pounds trout fillets (8 fillets total); Kosher salt; 1/2 cup ketchup; 1/2 cup mayonnaise; 1/2 cup olive oil; 1/2 cup chopped onion; 1/4 cup brown sugar; 1 tablespoon yellow mustard; 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce; 2 teaspoons apple cider vinegar; 1 lemon, sliced | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Sprinkle the trout fillets with salt. Set as many of fillets in a large skillet as will fit without crowding; if necessary, cook the fillets in two batches, reserving half of the sauce for the second batch. Make the basting sauce by mixing together the ketchup, mayonnaise, olive oil, onion, brown sugar, mustard, Worcestershire sauce and cider vinegar. Pour the sauce over the trout and cook over medium heat until the meat flakes easily with a fork, about 10 minutes. Use a fish spatula to carefully remove the trout to a platter. Garnish with lemon slices and serve. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, spiced, cucumbers, vegetable oil, lemon cucumber any, Kosher salt, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spiced Cucumbers and Coconut Milk | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon vegetable oil; 2 cups 1/4"-thick slices peeled lemon cucumber or any other cucumber; Kosher salt; Freshly ground black pepper; 2 peeled, seeded, coarsely chopped small tomatoes; 4 thinly sliced scallions; 2 thinly sliced red thai chiles (with seeds); 1 smashed garlic clove; 1/2 cup unsweetened coconut milk; 1 1/2 teaspoon honey; 1/4 cup fresh cilantro leaves; Fresh lime juice | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat vegetable oil in a medium saucepan over medium heat. Add slices peeled lemon cucumber or any other cucumber. Sauté until beginning to soften, about 1 minute. Season with kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper. Add chopped small tomatoes, sliced scallions, sliced red thai chiles (with seeds), and smashed garlic clove. Sauté until vegetables are soft, 2-3 minutes. Add unsweetened coconut milk and honey; simmer until vegetables are cooked through, 2-3 minutes. Stir in fresh cilantro leaves and a squeeze of fresh lime juice. Season with salt and pepper. Serve with rice, if desired. Heat  <END>
INPUT: Italian, pomodorini, orecchiette pasta, cherry tomatoes, ricotta cheese, cilantro, virgin olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Orecchiette con Ricotta e Pomodorini: Orecchiette Pasta with Ricotta and Cherry Tomatoes | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound orecchiette pasta; 15 to 20 cherry tomatoes, quartered; 3/4 cup fresh ricotta cheese; Bunch fresh cilantro, finely chopped; 4 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, plus extra for drizzling; Salt | INSTRUCTIONS: In a pot of boiling water, cook the pasta for about 8 minutes (remove before the 'al dente' stage). While pasta is cooking, heat the olive oil in a frying pan and cook the cherry tomatoes for about a minute. Add salt to taste. Drain the pasta, reserving some of the pasta water. Add the cooked pasta and ricotta cheese to the pan. Ladle in some pasta water - the excess pasta water will break down the ricotta cheese, creating a creamy sauce. Cook pasta in the pan with all the other ingredients for another minute. Top with cilantro, drizzle with extra virgin olive oil and serve immediately. <END>
INPUT: salad, Kosher salt, beans, Yukon, virgin olive oil, smoky bacon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Green Bean and Potato Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Kosher salt; 1/3 pound thin green beans, trimmed and cut into thirds; 2 pounds small Yukon, white, or red skinned potatoes, quartered; 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, plus more for drizzling; 3 to 4 slices smoky bacon, finely chopped; 2 large shallots, finely chopped; 1 small red Fresno chile pepper, seeded and finely chopped, optional; 3 tablespoons cider or wine vinegar; 1 tablespoon sugar; 1/4 cup chicken stock; 1/4 cup chopped flat-leaf parsley; Freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring a medium-sized pot of water to a boil. Salt the water and blanch the beans for 3 to 4 minutes, or until crisp-tender. Remove with a slotted spoon or spider, rinse, drain, and reserve. Add the potatoes to the water and bring back to a boil. Cook the potatoes until tender, about 12 minutes. When the potatoes are nearly done, add a drizzle of extra-virgin olive oil to a small skillet and heat over medium-high heat. Add the bacon and crisp for 2 to 3 minutes, and then add the shallots and chile. Cook for 2 more minutes, and then stir in the vinegar, sugar, and stock. Drain the potatoes and r <END>
INPUT: chicken stock, butter, sugar, Salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Glazed Radishes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 bunches (about 2 dozen) radishes, preferably breakfast radishes; 1 cup chicken stock, beef broth or water, or as much as needed to come halfway up the sides of the radishes; 2 tablespoons butter; 1 teaspoon sugar; Salt, to taste; 2 tablespoons water; Freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Cut the greens off about 1/4 inch above where they join the radishes, leaving a tiny decorative piece of green attached to each radish. Trim off the root tips. Put the radishes in a saute pan just large enough to hold them in a single layer and pour over enough broth or water, about 1 cup, to come halfway up the sides of the radishes. Add the butter to the pan and sprinkle over sugar and salt. Bring to a simmer over high heat, turn down the heat to medium, and place a sheet of aluminum foil or wax paper loosely over the radishes. Simmer for about 15 minutes, or until the radishes can be poked  <END>
INPUT: Italian, pesto, galette, arugula, spinach, Parmesan, garlic, almonds
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Pepper and Feta Cheese with Arugula Pesto Galette | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups fresh arugula, cleaned and packed; 1/4 cup fresh spinach, cleaned and packed; 2 tablespoons grated Parmesan; 2 teaspoons finely chopped garlic; 4 tablespoons sliced toasted almonds; 3/4 cup olive oil; 1 teaspoon freshly squeezed lemon juice; Pinch salt; Freshly ground black pepper; 1 box puff pastry sheets, thawed; 3/4 cup sliced roasted red peppers; 3/4 cup sliced roasted yellow peppers; 3/4 cup crumbled feta cheese | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. To make the pesto: In a blender, combine the arugula, spinach, Parmesan, garlic, and sliced almonds. Blend on low and slowly drizzle in the olive oil and the lemon juice. Blend for about 45 seconds, or until the mixture completely emulsifies. Remove from the blender and season with salt and pepper. To make the galettes: Cut the puff pastry sheets into 6 (6-inch) round circles. Place each circle on a parchment-lined pan. Spread about 3 tablespoons of arugula pesto over the top of each puff pastry circle. Sprinkle the roasted peppers evenly on top. Divide the f <END>
INPUT: Italian, crostini, sauce, anchovy fillets, milk, crusty bread baguette, virgin olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Crostini with Fresh Mozzarella and Anchovy Sauce | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons (1/4 stick) unsalted butter; 2 anchovy fillets, drained, chopped; 1 tablespoon whole milk; 18 1/2-inch-thick slices crusty bread or baguette; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1/2 pound fresh buffalo mozzarella cheese, thinly sliced, patted dry | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat broiler. Combine butter, anchovies, and milk in small saucepan over low heat. Cook until anchovies dissolve, mashing with back of spoon and stirring often, about 3 minutes (do not boil). Place bread slices on rimmed baking sheet. Brush with oil; top with mozzarella slices. Broil until cheese melts and bread crisps, watching closely to prevent burning, about 3 minutes. Transfer crostini to platter. Drizzle sauce over crostini; serve. Preheat broiler. Combine butter, anchovies, and milk in small saucepan over low heat. Cook until anchovies dissolve, mashing with back of spoon and stirrin <END>
INPUT: Italian, thai, fusilli, eggplant, shiitake mushrooms, scallions, vine ripened cherry
OUTPUT: TITLE: Thai-Style Fusilli with Eggplant and Shiitake | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 6 ounces fusilli (long spiral spaghetti); 1 small eggplant (about 1/2 pound); 1/4 pound fresh shiitake mushrooms; 1 bunch scallions; 6 vine-ripened cherry tomatoes; 1/4 fresh jalapeño chili; 1 tablespoon chopped peeled fresh gingerroot; 2 teaspoons chopped garlic; 2 tablespoons vegetable oil; 1/2 cup well-stirred canned unsweetened coconut milk; 1/3 cup coarsely chopped fresh basil leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: Fill a 4-quart kettle three-fourths full with salted water and bring to a boil for cooking fusilli. Cut eggplant into 1/2-inch cubes and transfer to a colander set over a bowl. Sprinkle eggplant lightly with salt and let drain 10 minutes. While eggplant is draining, discard stems from mushrooms and cut caps into 3/4-inch pieces. Cut scallions diagonally into thin slices. Quarter tomatoes and chop jalapeño including seeds (wear rubber gloves). Rinse eggplant and squeeze dry, discarding any liquid in bowl. Boil fusilli until al dente. While fusilli is boiling, in a large non-stick skillet cook g <END>
INPUT: American, mini bell peppers, cream cheese, deli ham, corn, flat leaf parsley
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cream Cheese and Ham Stuffed Peppers | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 12 mini bell peppers; 6 ounces cream cheese, at room temperature; 3 ounces thinly sliced deli ham, cut into 1/4-inch pieces; 1/2 cup frozen corn, thawed; 1/3 cup fresh flat-leaf parsley leaves, roughly chopped; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Slice the tops off of the peppers and remove the seeds. Place the cream cheese in a medium bowl and use a silicone spatula to smash and stir it until smooth. Fold in the ham, corn, parsley, 1/2 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of black pepper. Stuff each pepper generously with some of the cream cheese filling. Refrigerate in an airtight container for up to 3 days. <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, chicken breast halves, brine cured olives, unsalted butter, almonds skins, flat leaf parsley
OUTPUT: TITLE: Olive-Stuffed Chicken with Almonds | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 4 boneless chicken breast halves with skin (2 1/4 pounds total); 1 cup brine-cured green olives such as picholine, pitted and chopped; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1/4 cup whole almonds with skins; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh flat-leaf parsley | INSTRUCTIONS: Pat chicken breasts dry, then cut a 2-inch-long horizontal slit in thickest part of each. Stuff each chicken breast with 1 1/2 teaspoons olives, then season with salt and pepper. Heat 1 tablespoon butter in a 12-inch nonstick skillet over moderate heat until foam subsides, then toast almonds, stirring often, until a few shades darker, 5 to 8 minutes. Transfer with a slotted spoon to a cutting board to cool (do not clean skillet). Increase heat to moderately high, then add chicken breasts, skin sides down, to butter remaining in skillet and sprinkle with remaining olives. Sauté chicken breasts  <END>
INPUT: reduction, excellent quality year, good quality sherry, corn oil, cepes, branches thyme
OUTPUT: TITLE: Red Snapper and Cepes in a Port Reduction | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups excellent-quality 10-year-old port; 2 cups good-quality sherry vinegar; 3 tablespoons corn oil; 1 pound fresh or frozen cepes, stems cut lengthwise into 1/4-inch-thick slices, caps halved if small or cut into 3 or 4 slices if large; 2 branches fresh thyme; 1 clove garlic, peeled and halved; 1 large shallot, peeled and finely diced; 5 tablespoons unsalted butter; Fine sea salt, to taste; Freshly ground white pepper, to taste; 4 (6-ounce) red snapper fillets; 1/4 teaspoon Chinese five-spice powder; 4 teaspoons minced fresh chives; SPECIAL EQUIPMENT: Two 10-inch nonstick skillets | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. Bring the port to a boil in a medium-size heavy saucepan over medium-high heat. Lower the heat slightly and simmer until reduced to 1 cup (if using a gas stove, never let the flames extend above the bottom edge of the pan). Add the vinegar and simmer until reduced almost to a syrup consistency, lowering the heat as necessary to keep the sauce from burning around the edges—you should have about 7 tablespoons. (The sauce can be made to this point up to 1 week ahead; cover and refrigerate.) 2. Divide 1 tablespoon of corn oil between the 2 skillets and place over high heat until the oil is just <END>
INPUT: French, aioli, herbs, mayonnaise, Dijon mustard, grain mustard, honey, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mustard Aioli Grilled Potatoes with Fine Herbs | CUISINE: French | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup mayonnaise; 1 heaping tablespoon Dijon mustard; 1 heaping tablespoon whole grain mustard; 1 teaspoon honey; 2 cloves garlic, smashed to a paste; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 1/2 pounds baby Yukon gold potatoes, scrubbed; 2 tablespoons kosher salt, plus more for sprinkling; 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh flat-leaf parsley; 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh chives; 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh tarragon; Freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. For the mustard aioli: Whisk the mayonnaise, Dijon mustard, whole grain mustard, honey and garlic and sprinkle with salt and pepper Cover the bowl and refrigerate for at least 30 minutes and up to 1 day. Meanwhile, for the potatoes: Put the potatoes in a pot and cover with cold water by 2 inches. Add the salt and bring to a boil over high heat. Cook the potatoes until a skewer inserted into the center of each potato meets with some resistance, 12 to 15 minutes. Drain well and cool slightly. Preheat the grill to medium for direct heat. Cut the potatoes in half, to <END>
INPUT: Asian, groundnut oil, eggs, jasmine rice, tomatoes, light soy sauce
OUTPUT: TITLE: Egg Fried Rice | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons groundnut oil (peanut); 3 eggs, beaten; 14 ounces cooked jasmine rice; 3 ripe tomatoes, sliced; 3 tablespoons light soy sauce; Dash toasted sesame oil; Pinch freshly cracked white pepper; 1 large spring onion (green), finely sliced | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat a wok over a high heat and add 1 tablespoon groundnut oil. Add the eggs and scramble for a few minutes, then remove them from the wok, and set side. Wipe down the wok. Reheat the wok and add the remaining groundnut oil. Add the rice, and stir well to break up the grains. Then, add the tomatoes, and stir-fry for a few minutes. Return the eggs to the wok, and season with the soy sauce, sesame oil, and white pepper, to taste. Add the spring onions, and mix well. Serve immediately. <END>
INPUT: oatmeal, water, Old Fashioned Oats, salt, cherries, vanilla extract
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cherry Vanilla Oatmeal | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 3/4 cups water; 1 cup Old Fashioned Oats, or Quick Cooking Oats; 1/8 teaspoon salt; 1/4 cup dried cherries; 1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract; 2 tablespoons cherry jam, or to taste; 1/4 cup 1 percent low-fat milk, plus more to taste | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Put water, oats, salt and cherries into a medium sized saucepan. Bring to a boil, reduce the heat and simmer for about 5 minutes for Old Fashioned Oats, or 1 minute for Quick Cooking Oats. Remove from heat. Stir in the vanilla extract and cherry jam. Put into serving bowls and pour 2 tablespoons of milk over each bowl. <END>
INPUT: American, tartlets, unsalted butter, phyllo dough, parmesan cheese, Vegetable oil, shallot
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spinach and Goat Cheese Tartlets | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 4 tablespoons unsalted butter; 3 sheets frozen phyllo dough, thawed; 2 tablespoons grated parmesan cheese; Vegetable oil, for brushing; 1 large shallot, minced; 1 clove garlic, minced; 1 teaspoon all-purpose flour; 1/4 cup milk; Pinch of freshly grated nutmeg; Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper; 3 1/2 ounces mild goat cheese, softened; 2 teaspoons finely grated lemon zest; 1 tablespoon white wine vinegar; 2 large eggs, separated; 1 10-ounce box frozen chopped spinach, thawed and squeezed dry | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees. Melt 1 tablespoon butter. Place 1 phyllo sheet on a clean surface (cover the other sheets with a damp towel), brush with melted butter and sprinkle with 1 teaspoon parmesan. Cover with another phyllo sheet, brush with more butter and sprinkle with another teaspoon parmesan. Top with the remaining phyllo sheet and brush with butter. Cut the phyllo stack into 24 squares, about 3 inches each. Brush a 24-cup mini muffin tin with oil, then firmly press a phyllo square, buttered-side down, into each cup. Bake until golden, 10 minutes. Meanwhile, heat the remaining 3  <END>
INPUT: gravy, chicken, milk, flour, seasoned salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mom's Baked Fried Chicken and Gravy | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 whole chicken, cut into parts; milk; 1 stick (1/4 pound) butter; 1 cup flour; 1 tablespoon seasoned salt; 2 teaspoons paprika; 3/4 teaspoon pepper; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 2 tablespoons chopped scallion; 1/2 cup chopped fresh mushrooms; 3 tablespoons butter and drippings from baking dish, combined with scraped up crispy bits from chicken; 2 tablespoons of the leftover flour seasoned for chicken preparation; 1 cup milk; 1 chicken bouillon cube (optional) | INSTRUCTIONS: Make chicken: Soak chicken in milk to cover for 20 to 30 minutes. Spray a baking dish (one that will accommodate all the chicken pieces comfortably in one layer) with nonstick vegetable-oil spray. Preheat oven to 400°F. Put the butter in the baking dish and heat it in the oven until the butter melts. Mix flour and seasonings together in paper sack or plastic baggie (1-gallon size). Shake each piece of chicken in seasoned flour. Place chicken pieces, skin-side down, in baking dish. Bake for 20 minutes. Turn chicken over and bake an additional 20 minutes or until cooked through and crispy. Remov <END>
INPUT: cookies, all purpose flour, baking soda, baking powder, light butter, mashed banana
OUTPUT: TITLE: Peanut Butter Cookies | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups all-purpose flour; 1 teaspoon baking soda; 1 teaspoon baking powder; 1/2 cup light butter; 1/2 cup mashed banana; 1 cup reduced-fat peanut butter; 1/2 cup egg substitute; 1 cup brown sugar; 1 cup sugar substitute (recommended: Splenda) | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line 2 sheet pans with a silicone baking mat or parchment paper and set aside. Alternatively, you can do this in 2 batches. Sift flour, baking soda, and baking powder together and set aside. In the bowl of an electric mixer, blend butter, banana, and peanut butter together. Add egg substitute, brown sugar, and sugar substitute and beat until incorporated. Gradually add the sifted flour mixture to the mixer and continue to mix on low speed until incorporated. Drop batter, in 1 tablespoon-size balls, onto the prepared sheet pan, about 2 inches apart. Flatten co <END>
INPUT: tri tip steak, prime seasoning salt, whiskey, apple cider
OUTPUT: TITLE: Whiskey Tri-Tip | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 1/2 pounds tri-tip steak; 2 tablespoons prime rib seasoning salt (recommended: Penzy's or Lawry's); 1 cup whiskey (recommended: Jack Daniel's); 1/2 cup apple cider | INSTRUCTIONS: Rinse steak and pat dry. Cover and pat tri-tip with the seasoning salt . Put in a large resealable plastic bag and pour in whiskey and cider to coat meat. Marinate in refrigerator for 1 to 3 hours. Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F. Remove steak from refrigerator, let come to room temperature (approximately 20 to 30 minutes). Remove the meat from the marinade. Discard the marinade. Place the tri-tip, fat-side up, on a rack in a shallow roasting pan. Roast for 30 minutes, then begin checking the internal temperature on an instant-read thermometer: for medium-rare, 135 to 140 degrees F and 140 t <END>
INPUT: Asian, fahrenheit, Kobe beef short, Salt pepper, Chinese five spice, vegetable oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fahrenheit Kobe Short Ribs | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 2 Kobe beef short ribs (about 8 ounces); Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 tablespoon Chinese five-spice powder; 2 tablespoons vegetable oil; 1 (750 milliliters) bottle sake; 3 cups mirin; 3 1/4 cups orange juice; 1 cup sugar; 1 bunch scallions, chopped; 2 ounces ginger, peeled and sliced; 2 ounces garlic, sliced; 1 cup soy sauce; Lo mein noodles, or stir-fried vegetables, for serving, optional | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 275 degrees F. Rub the short ribs with salt, pepper, and the Chinese five-spice. Heat a large Dutch oven over medium-high heat and add the oil. Sear the short ribs for 6 minutes on each side, or until well browned. Remove and set aside. Carefully add the sake and mirin, scraping up any brown bits on the bottom of the pan. Reduce by about half then add the orange juice, sugar, scallions, ginger, garlic and soy sauce. Add meat back to the pan, remove from heat, cover and braise in the oven for 5 to 6 hours, or until meat is extremely tender. Remove from the liquid, cool slightly, <END>
INPUT: slow, fennel seeds, cumin seeds, garlic, oregano, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Slow-Roasted Lamb Shoulder with Brussels Sprouts and Crispy Kale | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon fennel seeds; 1 tablespoon cumin seeds; 2 cloves garlic, crushed; 6 sprigs oregano; 1/4 cup brown sugar; 1 teaspoon sea salt; 1/4 cup malt vinegar; 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 1 (4 1/2-pound) bone-in lamb shoulder; 1 cup water; 1 pound Brussels sprouts, trimmed and halved; Sea salt and cracked black pepper; 1/2 cup smoked almonds, chopped; 5 1/4 ounces baby kale leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350°F. Place the fennel and cumin seeds in a mortar and pound with a pestle until fine. Add the garlic, oregano, brown sugar, salt, vinegar and 2 tablespoons of the oil and mix to combine. Rub the lamb with the spice mixture and place in a large roasting pan. Add the water and cover with aluminum foil. Roast for 2 hours, remove the foil and spoon over the cooking liquid. Roast for 40 more minutes or until golden brown. Place the Brussels sprouts, salt, pepper and the remaining oil in a large bowl and toss to combine. Transfer to a lightly greased rimmed baking sheet lined with  <END>
INPUT: smoke, japanese, sweet tart apples, azuki bean paste, cream cheese, dark sugar, unsalted butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Smoke-Roasted Apples with Japanese Sweet Bean Paste | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 firm sweet-tart apples, such as Fujis; 2 tablespoons azuki bean paste; 2 tablespoons cream cheese (I use whipped cream cheese); 2 tablespoons dark brown sugar; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 2 cups applewood chips or chunks, soaked for 1 hour in water to cover, then drained; grilling rings or aluminum foil rings for the apples; The apples can be stuffed and refrigerated several hours ahead. They taste best hot off the grill | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. Using a small melon baller, core the apples from the top. The idea is to remove the stem end and seeds, creating a cavity in the apple, but leave the bottom intact to hold in the filling. Place 1 1/2 teaspoons of azuki bean paste in the cavity of each apple. Top with 1 1/2 teaspoons of cream cheese, 1 1/2 teaspoons of brown sugar, and finally 1 1/2 teaspoons of butter. The apples can be prepared to this stage several hours ahead and refrigerated, covered. 2. Set up the grill for indirect grilling, place a drip pan in the center, and preheat the grill to medium. 3. When ready to cook, if you <END>
INPUT: spiced, bisque, pumpkins, sweet potatoes, heavy cream, vegetable base, Nutmeg
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spiced Pumpkin and Sweet Potato Bisque | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups canned pumpkins; 3 cooked sweet potatoes; 1 cup heavy cream; 2 cups vegetable base; 1/2 teaspoon Nutmeg, Cinnamon, Cardamon; 1 pinch Cayenne; 1/4 cup Roasted Chestnuts; 2 oz. chives; 2 teaspoon honey | INSTRUCTIONS: Peel sweet potatoes and puree in machine; strain and add cooked pumpkin and 1 cup heavy cream and bring to a boil in a medium saucepan. Add all spices and thin out to desired consistency with stock. Season with salt and pepper and garnish with chives and roasted chestnuts.; <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, salad, good feta cheese, onion, wine Champagne vinegar, good olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tomato Feta Salad | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 3 pints (6 cups) cherry tomatoes; 3/4 pound good feta cheese; 1 small red onion, chopped; 3 tablespoons white wine or Champagne vinegar; 1/4 cup good olive oil; 1 teaspoon kosher salt; 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 2 tablespoons minced fresh basil leaves; 2 tablespoons minced fresh parsley | INSTRUCTIONS: Cut the cherry tomatoes in half and place them in a large bowl. Dice the feta in 1/4-inch dice, crumbling it as little as possible. Add the feta to the tomatoes and then add the onion, vinegar, olive oil, salt, pepper, basil, and parsley. Toss carefully and salt, to taste, depending on the saltiness of the feta. Serve chilled or at room temperature. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, salsa, vegetable oil, jalapeno chiles, cilantro, mangoes, lime
OUTPUT: TITLE: Jalapeno-Mango Salsa | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons vegetable oil; 2 whole jalapeno chiles; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro; 2 mangoes, peeled, pitted and diced; 1 lime, juiced; 1/4 large red onion, minced; Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat the vegetable oil in a small saute pan over medium-high heat. Lightly fry the jalapeno chiles, turning them in the pan until their skins are blistered, about 5 minutes. Set aside to cool. Once cooled, stem, seed and finely chop the jalapeno chiles and place them into a large mixing bowl. Add the cilantro, mangoes, lime juice and onions and season with salt and pepper. Serve immediately or store the salsa in the refrigerator in an airtight container for up to 3 days. <END>
INPUT: Italian, meatballs, olive oil, spaghetti, beef, salt free garlic, Salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spaghetti and Meatballs | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon olive oil; 1 pound spaghetti; 1 pound extra-lean ground beef; 1 teaspoon salt-free garlic and herb seasoning; Salt and pepper; 2 (28-ounce) cans diced tomatoes; 6-ounce can tomato paste; 1 teaspoon dried oregano; 1/2 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes; 1/4 cup torn fresh basil leaves; 1/4 cup grated Parmesan | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat oil in a large stock pot or Dutch oven over medium heat. Cook spaghetti according to package directions. In a large bowl, combine beef and garlic and herb seasoning, 1 teaspoon each salt and pepper. Mix well and shape mixture into meatballs (about 16 meatballs). Add meatballs and cook 5 minutes, until golden brown on all sides. Add tomatoes, tomato paste, oregano, and red pepper flakes and bring to a simmer. Simmer 10 minutes, until meatballs are cooked through. Reserve 1 1/2 cups sauce for another meal. Remove from heat and stir in basil. Serve sauce over spaghetti. Top with Parmesan jus <END>
INPUT: bread, all purpose flour, light sugar, baking powder, baking soda, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pecan Currant Bread | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups all-purpose flour; 1 cup packed light brown sugar; 2 teaspoons baking powder; 1/2 teaspoon baking soda; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 2 cups pecans, toasted , cooled, and chopped; 1/2 cup dried currants; 1 cup whole milk; 1/2 cup vegetable oil; 2 large eggs; 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 325°F with rack in middle. Whisk together dry ingredients, pecans, and currants in a large bowl. In another bowl, whisk together remaining ingredients until combined well. Stir wet ingredients into dry ingredients until just combined. Transfer batter to a well-buttered 9- by 5-inch loaf pan, smoothing top, and bake until golden-brown and a wooden pick inserted in center comes out clean, about 1 1/4 hours. Cool in pan on a rack 10 minutes, then turn out onto rack and cool 1 hour more. Preheat oven to 325°F with rack in middle. Whisk together dry ingredients, pecans, and currants <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, sauce, olive oil, garlic, anchovies, olives, chicken broth
OUTPUT: TITLE: Olive Sauce | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon olive oil; 1 garlic clove, minced; 2 anchovies, minced; 4 ounces pitted green olives (from Colavita), drained and coarsely chopped; 1/2 cup chicken broth; 8 ounces spaghetti, cooked; 1/2 cup walnuts, chopped; 1/4 cup parsley, chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat olive oil gently. Over very low heat, cook garlic and anchovies until it becomes paste like. Stir in olives and broth and bring to a simmer. Stir in cooked pasta and as you are stirring, toss with parsley and walnuts. <END>
INPUT: Italian, virgin olive oil, skinned, fennel bulbs, Coarse grain salt, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Chicken and Fennel with Lime and Parmesan | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 4 skinned, boneless chicken breast; 2 large fennel bulbs, trimmed, and cut lengthwise into 1/4-inch thick slices; Coarse grain salt; Cracked black pepper; 2 limes, juiced; 6 tablespoons grated Parmesan | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the broiler. Pour only enough olive oil (about 1 1/2 tablespoons) on a cookie sheet to prevent the chicken and the fennel from sticking. Place the chicken breast in a single layer on the sheet pan. Place in the broiler for 7 minutes. Remove and add the fennel in a single layer and brush both sides with the olive oil. Season fennel slices with salt and pepper on both sides. Squeeze juice of 1 lime over the fennel slices and place under the broiler. Broil for 5 minutes. Some of the edges may blacken slightly. Remove the fennel from the oven and using tongs or a spatula, and turn over eac <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, mocha, mousse, sugar, water, kumquats, Grand Marnier, unthawed cranberries
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mocha Mousse with Kumquat Cranberry Sauce and Phyllo Pecan Crisps | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup sugar; 1/2 cup water; 1/4 cup kumquats (about 6), sliced thin and seeded; 2 teaspoons Grand Marnier; 2 tablespoons fresh or unthawed frozen cranberries, sliced thin; 1/4 cup water; 1/2 cup unsweetened Dutch-process cocoa powder; 2 teaspoons instant espresso powder; 2 large eggs, separated; 4 ounces fine-quality bittersweet chocolate (not unsweetened); 1/2 stick (1/4 cup) unsalted butter; 1/8 teaspoon cream of tartar; 6 tablespoons sugar; 1/3 cup well-chilled heavy cream; 1/2 tablespoon sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: Make sauce: In a small saucepan simmer sugar, water, and kumquats until reduced to about 2/3 cup and stir in Grand Marnier. Cool sauce to room temperature and stir in cranberries. Sauce may be made 1 week ahead and chilled, covered. In a small saucepan simmer sugar, water, and kumquats until reduced to about 2/3 cup and stir in Grand Marnier. Cool sauce to room temperature and stir in cranberries. Sauce may be made 1 week ahead and chilled, covered. Make mousse: Have ready an instant-read thermometer in a cup of very hot water. In a small bowl stir together 1/4 cup water, cocoa powder, espress <END>
INPUT: electric, lemon flavored rum, sweet liqueur, sweet sour mix, pineapple juice, grapefruit juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Electric Ice | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 ounces lemon-flavored rum (recommended: Bacardi Limon); 1/4-ounce sweet blue liqueur (recommended: Blue Curacao); 1/4-ounce sweet and sour mix; 2 ounces pineapple juice; 2 ounces grapefruit juice; Shaved ice; Cherries, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Add all liquid ingredients to a martini shaker. Shake and strain into a martini glass over a scoop of shaved ice. Serve with a cherry, for garnish, and a spoon. <END>
INPUT: Asian, teriyaki, sake, mirin, soy sauce, vegetable oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Salmon Teriyaki | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup sake; 1/4 cup mirin (sweet Japanese rice wine); 1/4 cup soy sauce; 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, plus more if needed; 4 (6-ounce) skin-on, boneless salmon fillets (about 1 inch thick); Kosher salt; Sansho powder (for serving; optional); Sansho powder, made from the ground berries of the prickly ash tree, can be found at Japanese markets and online | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine sake, mirin, and soy sauce in a small bowl; set teriyaki sauce aside. Heat oil in a large skillet over medium-high. Season salmon lightly with salt. Cook, skin side down, until skin is brown and crisp, about 4 minutes. Turn and cook until other side is just beginning to brown, about 2 minutes. Transfer to a plate. Pour off fat in skillet. Bring teriyaki sauce to a boil in skillet over medium heat. Cook until reduced by two-thirds, about 4 minutes. Add salmon, skin side up, and cook, spooning sauce over, until sauce is syrupy and salmon is just cooked through, about 2 minutes. Serve spr <END>
INPUT: sauce, virgin olive oil, sized onion, garlic, jalapeno, Merlot wine
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled New York Strip with Chocolate Merlot Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1 medium-sized yellow onion, thinly sliced; 2 teaspoons minced garlic; 1 jalapeno, finely chopped; 1 1/2 cups Merlot wine; 1 tablespoon onion soup mix; 3 ounces bittersweet chocolate, coarsely chopped; 2 (1- inch thick) New York strip steaks; 1/4 cup taco seasoning mix | INSTRUCTIONS: In a medium saucepan, heat oil over medium-high heat. Add onions, garlic, and jalapeno, saute until soft, about 5 minutes. Add Merlot and reduce by half over high heat. Reduce heat to low and stir in soup mix and chocolate. Stir until smooth. Keep warm on very low heat until ready to serve. Preheat grill pan over high heat. Season steaks with taco seasoning. Spray pan with cooking spray and grill to desired doneness. Serve steaks with chocolate Merlot sauce. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, onions, milk, all purpose flour, Chili Powder, cumin
OUTPUT: TITLE: Red Chili Onion Rings | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2 large onions, cut into 1/4-inch-thick slices, separated into rings; 3 cups whole milk; 1 cup all purpose flour; 2 tablespoons Red Chili Powder; 2 tablespoons ground cumin; 2 tablespoons paprika; 1 tablespoon salt; Canola oil (for deep-frying) | INSTRUCTIONS: Place onions in bowl. Pour milk over; let stand 30 minutes, tossing occasionally. Whisk flour, Red Chili Powder, cumin, paprika and salt in large bowl. Pour enough oil into large pot to reach depth of 3 inches. Heat to 350°F. Working with a few onion rings at a time, shake off excess milk. Dip into flour mixture, coating lightly. Add onion rings to pot; deep-fry until golden, about 45 seconds. Drain on paper towels and serve. Place onions in bowl. Pour milk over; let stand 30 minutes, tossing occasionally. Whisk flour, Red Chili Powder, cumin, paprika and salt in large bowl. Pour enough oil in <END>
INPUT: salad, baby arugula leaves, seedless watermelon, good olive oil, lemon juice, kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Watermelon and Arugula Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 pound baby arugula leaves; 2 pounds seedless watermelon, 3/4-inch-diced (3 pounds with the rind); 1/3 cup good olive oil; 1/4 cup freshly squeezed lemon juice (2 lemons); 1 teaspoon kosher salt; 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 1/2-pound chunk Parmesan cheese | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Place the arugula and watermelon in a large bowl. In a small bowl, whisk together the olive oil, lemon juice, salt, and pepper. Pour enough dressing on the arugula to moisten. Toss well and place on 6 salad plates. With a very sharp knife or a vegetable peeler, shave the Parmesan into large shards and sprinkle them on the arugula and watermelon. Sprinkle with salt and serve. <END>
INPUT: porchetta, polenta, pork shoulder, Kosher sea salt, zest lemon, garlic, fennel seeds
OUTPUT: TITLE: Porchetta and Polenta | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 pounds boneless pork shoulder, trimmed of excess fat; Kosher or sea salt; Grated zest of 1 lemon; 3 cloves garlic, chopped; 2 teaspoons fennel seeds, plus more for sprinkling; 16 fresh sage leaves, chopped; 2 teaspoons chopped fresh rosemary; Freshly ground pepper; Extra-virgin olive oil, for drizzling; 3/4 cup white vinegar; 3 tablespoons sugar; Kosher or sea salt; 1 bay leaf; 1/2 teaspoon fennel seeds; 1/4 teaspoon red pepper flakes | INSTRUCTIONS: Prepare the pork: To butterfly, slice down the middle of the pork with a sharp knife, about two-thirds of the way through. Open the meat like a book and pound with a mallet or heavy skillet into a 1-inch-thick rectangle, about 8 by 14 inches. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees. Season the pork with about 1 1/2 teaspoons salt. In a small bowl, mix the lemon zest, garlic, 2 teaspoons fennel seeds, the sage, rosemary and 1 1/2 teaspoons pepper. Rub the mixture all over the pork, then roll it up tightly and tie with twine. Drizzle the roll with olive oil and rub all over; sprinkle with pepper and mor <END>
INPUT: dressing, brioche loaf, pork breakfast sausage, celery, stock, sage leaves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sausage Brioche Dressing | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 brioche loaf, cubed into 1-inch pieces; 1 pound pork breakfast sausage; 4 celery ribs, halved lengthwise and cross cut into 1/4-inch pieces; 4 cups stock; 1/4 cup chopped sage leaves; Kosher salt and fresh ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Spread the brioche on a baking sheet and put it in the oven until lightly toasted, about 10 minutes. Set aside in a large bowl. In a large skillet over medium-high heat, add the sausage and break it into pieces with a spoon. Cook until browned, then transfer it to the bowl with the brioche. Add the celery to the sausage drippings and cook until softened, about 4 to 5 minutes. Put the sausage into the brioche bowl. Stir in the stock and sage and mix until the brioche absorbs most of the liquid. Season, to taste, with salt and pep <END>
INPUT: gravy, breakfast sausage, all purpose flour, milk, seasoned salt, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sausage Gravy | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound breakfast sausage, hot or mild; 1/3 cup all-purpose flour; 3 to 4 cups whole milk, more to taste; 1/2 teaspoon seasoned salt; 2 teaspoons freshly ground black pepper, more to taste; Biscuits, warmed, for serving | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. With your finger, tear small pieces of sausage and add them in a single layer to a large heavy skillet. Brown the sausage over medium-high heat until no longer pink. Reduce the heat to medium-low. Sprinkle on half the flour and stir so that the sausage soaks it all up, then add more little by little. Stir it around and cook it for another minute or so, then pour in the milk, stirring constantly. Cook the gravy, stirring frequently, until it thickens. (This may take a good 10 to 12 minutes.) Sprinkle in the seasoned salt and pepper and continue cooking until very  <END>
INPUT: lemon, nonfat plain Greek, paprika, virgin olive oil, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lemon Salmon with Lima Beans | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 lemon, halved; 1/2 cup nonfat plain Greek yogurt; 3/4 teaspoon paprika; 2 teaspoons extra-virgin olive oil; 3 cloves garlic, thinly sliced; 3/4 teaspoon dried oregano; Pinch of red pepper flakes; 1 1-pound bag frozen baby lima beans; Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley; 4 5-ounce skinless center-cut salmon fillets | INSTRUCTIONS: Slice 1 lemon half into 4 thin rounds and set aside. Grate the zest of the other lemon half and set aside; squeeze some of the juice into a bowl and mix in the yogurt and 1/4 teaspoon paprika. Preheat the broiler. Heat 1 teaspoon olive oil in a medium saucepan over medium heat. Add the garlic, oregano and red pepper flakes and cook until the garlic is golden, about 2 minutes. Add the lima beans, 1 1/2 cups water and the lemon zest; partially cover the pan, bring to a simmer and cook until the beans are tender, about 20 minutes. Season with salt and pepper. Remove from the heat and stir in the  <END>
INPUT: Mexican, samosas, olive oil, garlic, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Crescent Samosas | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1 garlic clove, minced; 1 (4.5-oz.) can Old El Paso(r) Chopped Green Chiles; 1 (14 1/2-oz.) can whole new potatoes, drained, diced; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1 (15-oz.) can LeSueur Very Young Small Early Peas, drained; 1 teaspoon curry powder; 1 1/2 teaspoons lemon juice; Pepper to taste; 2 (8-oz.) cans Pillsbury(r) Refrigerated Reduced Fat Crescent Dinner Rolls; Sauce; 1 cup plain yogurt; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro; 1/2 teaspoon cumin; 1/4 teaspoon salt | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. Heat oven to 375?F. Heat oil in large skillet over medium heat until hot. Add 1 garlic clove and 4 tablespoons of the chiles; cook and stir 2 minutes. Add potatoes and 1/2 teaspoon salt; cook 8 minutes or until potatoes are light golden brown, stirring frequently. Add peas, curry powder, lemon juice and pepper; cook and stir until thoroughly heated, mashing slightly as mixture cooks. 2. Separate dough into 16 triangles. Place 2 rounded tablespoons potato mixture on shortest side of each triangle. Roll up, starting at shortest side of triangle, gently wrapping dough around filling and rollin <END>
INPUT: Asian, dumplings, fatty pork, Shaoxing wine, Asian sesame oil, Vietnamese chile garlic, ginger
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pork and Chive Dumplings | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 pound fatty ground pork; 1/2 tablespoon Shaoxing wine; 1/4 teaspoon Asian sesame oil; 1/2 teaspoon Vietnamese chile-garlic sauce (preferably Huy Fong brand); 1 1/2 teaspoons finely grated peeled ginger; 1/2 teaspoon rice vinegar (not seasoned); 2 teaspoons soy sauce; 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt; Pinch of white pepper; 3 tablespoons finely chopped cilantro stems; 3 tablespoons finely chopped flowering chives, flat Chinese chives (garlic chives), or scallions; 24 to 30 round dumpling wrappers (preferably with egg); Accompaniment: Lantern dumpling sauce; Garnish: thinly sliced scallions | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine all ingredients (except cilantro stems, chives, and wrappers) in a large bowl, then stir in cilantro stems and chives. Set bowl in a larger bowl of ice to keep chilled while forming dumplings. Place a slightly rounded teaspoon of filling in center of a wrapper and moisten area around filling with water. Fold in half to form a crescent and press to seal. Moisten one corner and bring corners together, pressing them, to form a tortellini-shaped dumpling. Repeat with remaining filling and wrappers. Cook dumplings in a large pot of gently simmering water until pork is just cooked, about 3 m <END>
INPUT: flatbread, pizza dough, Olive oil, za'atar, Salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Za'atar Flatbread | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound store-bought pizza dough; Olive oil; 4 tablespoons za'atar; Salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat grill pan. On a well floured surface, roll or pat the dough into a rustic, oblong shape, about 1/4-inch thick. Brush the crust with a thin layer of olive oil, and dust liberally with za'atar. Lay the oiled side down onto the hot grill. Once the dough looks set, in about 2 minutes, lightly brush with more oil, dust with za'atar and turn the crust over. Sprinkle with salt. Cut into large wedges and serve while warm. <END>
INPUT: salty, shallots, skinned potatoes, balsamic vinegar, olive oil, stems rosemary
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sweet and Salty Potatoes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 7 to 8 ounces of shallots (about 7 or 8 large ones) -if you can?t find shallots, use an equal amount of sweet onions; 1 1/2 pounds of red-skinned potatoes (about 25 to 28 very small, 3/4 of an inch to 1 1/2 inches in diameter are best, though you can use an equal weig; 1/4 cup of balsamic vinegar; 1/4 cup of olive oil; 4 stems of fresh rosemary, each about 4 to 6 inches long; 1 tablespoon of kosher salt (kosher salt will retain its crunchiness in the oven); 1 tablespoon of freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. Peel the shallots, and chop them into pieces roughly 1/2 inch square. Place the pieces into a large non-reactive bowl. 2. Wash the pototoes thoroughly, but do not peel. If you are using small potatoes, cut them into quarters, each in a half-moon shape. If you are using larger potatoes, cut them into quarters, then cut those half-moons in half--the aim is to end up with uniform sized potato pieces that are one-half to no more than 3/4 of an inch on any side. Place the potato pieces into the bowl with the shallots. 3. Pour the balsamic vinegar and the olive oil over the potatoes and shallots. <END>
INPUT: tortitas, ejotes, olive oil, cider vinegar, mustard, egg, flour
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tortitas de Ejotes (String Beans) | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon olive oil; 1 teaspoon cider vinegar; 1 teaspoon dry mustard; 1 egg, well beaten; 3/4 cup flour; 1 teaspoon sea salt; Freshly ground black pepper, to taste; 1/4 cup milk; 2 cups cooked and diced string beans; 1/2 cup vegetable oil | INSTRUCTIONS: In a medium-size bowl, mix the 1 tablespoon of olive oil, vinegar and mustard. In another bowl combine the egg, flour, salt and pepper. Add the vinaigrette. While beating, add the milk, a little at a time. Add the string beans. Heat the oil in a medium-size skillet, over a medium heat. Place the tortitas de ejotes, in patties 2 inches in diameter, in the skillet. Cook them until golden brown on both sides. Serve at once. <END>
INPUT: Asian, Vegetable oil, salmon steaks, miso, mirin, unseasoned rice vinegar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Miso-Glazed Salmon Steaks | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: Vegetable oil; 4 10-to 12-ounces salmon steaks, bone in; 1/3 cup white miso; 2 tablespoons mirin (sweet Japanese rice wine); 2 tablespoons unseasoned rice vinegar; 2 teaspoons minced peeled fresh ginger; 1 teaspoon Asian sesame oil; Kosher salt; 4 lime wedges (for serving) | INSTRUCTIONS: Line a rimmed baking sheet with foil; brush lightly with vegetable oil. Place salmon steaks on prepared baking sheet. Whisk miso, mirin, vinegar, ginger, and sesame oil in a small bowl to blend. Spread half the miso mixture over salmon steaks; season lightly with salt. Turn salmon steaks over and spread with remaining miso mixture; season lightly with salt. Cover with plastic wrap and let marinate at room temperature for at least 15 minutes, or refrigerate for up to 1 hour. Position an oven rack 6"–8"from broiler and preheat. Broil salmon, turning once, until golden brown and just opaque in ce <END>
INPUT: caramel, sauce, sugar, heavy cream, fine quality milk, Rounded salt, pure vanilla extract
OUTPUT: TITLE: Milk Chocolate Caramel Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup sugar; 3/4 cup heavy cream; 6 oz fine-quality milk chocolate, chopped; Rounded 3/4 teaspoon salt; 1/2 teaspoon pure vanilla extract | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook sugar in a dry 1 1/2- to 2-quart heavy saucepan over moderately low heat, undisturbed, until it begins to melt, then cook, stirring slowly with a fork, until melted and pale golden. Continue to cook, swirling pan, until sugar is a deep golden caramel. Remove from heat and carefully pour cream down side of pan (mixture will bubble and steam vigorously). Simmer, stirring, until caramel is dissolved. Add chocolate and salt and cook over low heat, whisking, until chocolate is melted and sauce is smooth. Whisk in vanilla. Cool to warm or room temperature. Cook sugar in a dry 1 1/2- to 2-quart  <END>
INPUT: sauce, banana, plain milk yogurt, Superfine sugar taste, rum, seedless grapes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grapes with Yogurt Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 ripe small banana, peeled and sliced; 1/2 cup plain whole milk yogurt; Superfine sugar to taste; Dash of rum; 1 1/2 cups red seedless grapes, rinsed and halved; Mint leaves, or chopped pistachio nuts for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Puree banana with yogurt and season with some superfine sugar and a dash of rum. Spoon into the bottom of wine glasses and spoon grapes over the top; garnish with mint or pistachios. <END>
INPUT: Indian, salad, lentils, garlic, lemon zest lemon, olive oil, cherry tomatoes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tomato and Lentil Salad | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup small green lentils; 2 cloves garlic, peeled; 2 teaspoons lemon zest plus 1/4 cup freshly squeezed lemon juice; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 2 cups cherry tomatoes, quartered; 3/4 cup sliced scallions (use pale green and white parts only); 1/4 cup fresh basil, chopped; 1/4 cup fresh dill, chopped; 1 ear fresh corn, kernels cut off the cob; Salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Combine the lentils, garlic and 4 cups water in a large heavy pot. Bring to a boil and reduce to a simmer. Simmer until the lentils are soft, about 15 minutes. Drain the lentils, discarding the garlic cloves, and set aside to cool to room temperature. In a mixing bowl, whisk together the lemon juice and olive oil until combined. Add the tomatoes, scallions, basil, dill, corn and cooled lentils. Season with salt and pepper. Add the lemon zest and toss to combine, making sure everything is evenly incorporated. Serve cold or at room temperature. This dish can be mad <END>
INPUT: Indian, naan, garlic, mixed tender herbs, kosher salt, lemon zest, all purpose flour
OUTPUT: TITLE: Garlic-Herb Naan | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 2 garlic cloves, finely chopped; 2/3 cup chopped mixed tender herbs (such as parsley, mint, chives, and/or cilantro); 1 tablespoon kosher salt; 1 teaspoon finely grated lemon zest; 4 cups all-purpose flour, plus more for surface; 1 teaspoon sugar; 1 (1/4-ounce) envelope active dry yeast (about 2 1/4 teaspoons); 2/3 cup buttermilk; Vegetable oil (for bowl) | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine garlic, herbs, salt, lemon zest, and 4 cups flour in the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with dough hook. Combine sugar and 1 1/3 cups warm (105°F–110°F) water in a small bowl. Sprinkle yeast over water and let sit until foamy (it will smell very yeasty!), 8–10 minutes. Stir in buttermilk. Add to dry ingredients and mix on medium speed until a smooth, wet dough forms, 5–7 minutes. Transfer dough to a lightly oiled large bowl. Cover with plastic wrap and chill until at least doubled in size, 12–24 hours. (If the dough hasn’t quite doubled, let sit at room temperature 30–60 minutes.) Gently <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, cups, phyllo dough, Olive oil, lemon juice, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spinach Souffle-Phyllo Cups | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 5 sheets phyllo dough; Olive oil cooking spray; 1 package (12 oz.) spinach souffle (recommended: Stouffers); 1 tablespoon lemon juice; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 1/4 teaspoon cayenne pepper; 1 (2-ounce) package crumbled feta cheese | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Lay out 1 sheet of phyllo dough. Spray lightly with olive oil cooking spray. Repeat with 4 remaining sheets. Cut phyllo sheets into 6 pieces. Fit each section into a muffin cup. Bake for 10 minutes. Remove plastic cover from spinach souffle and microwave on high for 5 minutes. Remove from microwave and stir in lemon juice, salt, and cayenne pepper. Divide spinach mixture into baked phyllo cups. Sprinkle feta cheese over spinach mixture. Return to oven for 6 minutes. Serve hot. <END>
INPUT: Asian, dipping, sauce, sour cream, mayonnaise, wasabi powder, lime juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tempura Shrimp with Wasabi Cream Dipping Sauce | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1 (8.2 oz) package SeaPak® Tempura Shrimp; 1/3 cup sour cream; 1/4 cup mayonnaise; 2 teaspoons wasabi powder; 1 teaspoon lime juice | INSTRUCTIONS: STIR together all ingredients for wasabi cream dipping sauce in a small bowl. Cover bowl with plastic wrap and place in refrigerator while shrimp cooks. PREHEAT oven to 425 degrees F. Place shrimp on baking sheet and bake for 14 minutes. SERVE shrimp immediately with cold wasabi cream dipping sauce. Cook's Note: The dipping sauce can be made a day ahead and stored in the refrigerator until time to serve. Also, creating the beautiful presentation in the picture is simple – use sweet and spice sauce (included in the shrimp package) to create a pool of sauce on each appetizer plate. Add 2 to 3 sh <END>
INPUT: low sodium chicken, beans, unsalted butter, za'atar, zest lemon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Green Beans with Za'atar and Lemon | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup low-sodium chicken broth; 2 pounds thin green beans (haricot verts), stem ends trimmed; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1 tablespoon za'atar; Grated zest of 1 lemon; Kosher salt; freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: In large skillet over medium-high heat, bring the broth to a simmer. Add the green beans, cover pan, and cook, tossing occasionally, until crisp-tender, 5 to 7 minutes. Uncover pan and add butter; toss to coat. Remove pan from heat and stir in the za'atar, lemon zest, salt and pepper to taste before serving. In large skillet over medium-high heat, bring the broth to a simmer. Add the green beans, cover pan, and cook, tossing occasionally, until crisp-tender, 5 to 7 minutes. Uncover pan and add butter; toss to coat. Remove pan from heat and stir in the za'atar, lemon zest, salt and pepper to ta <END>
INPUT: Indian, mustard seeds, cumin seeds, garlic, jalapeño chile including, ginger
OUTPUT: TITLE: Zucchini Curry | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 teaspoon yellow or brown mustard seeds; 1/2 teaspoon cumin seeds; 1 garlic clove, chopped; 1 to 2 teaspoons chopped fresh jalapeño chile including seeds; 2 teaspoons finely grated peeled fresh ginger; 2 teaspoons salt; 1 tablespoon curry powder; 1/4 teaspoon ground coriander; 3 tablespoons vegetable oil; 1 large onion, thinly sliced; 6 medium green or Cocozelle zucchini (3 lb), cut crosswise into 1/2-inch-thick slices; 1 (13 1/2- to 14-oz) can unsweetened coconut milk, well stirred; 1/4 cup chopped fresh cilantro; 1/2 cup roasted cashews, chopped; Accompaniment: cooked basmati rice | INSTRUCTIONS: Toast mustard and cumin seeds and cool. Pound garlic, jalapeño (to taste), and ginger to a paste with 1 teaspoon salt using a mortar and pestle (or mince and mash with a large heavy knife), then stir in curry powder, coriander, and mustard and cumin seeds. Heat oil in a 6-quart heavy pot over moderately high heat until hot but not smoking, then sauté onion, stirring, until golden, about 8 minutes. Add curry paste and cook over moderately low heat, stirring, 2 minutes. Add zucchini and cook, stirring, until it begins to appear moist, 3 to 5 minutes. Add coconut milk and remaining teaspoon salt  <END>
INPUT: water, disks Mexican chocolate, whipping cream
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mexican Hot Chocolate | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 1/2 cups water; 2 3.16-ounce disks Mexican chocolate (such as Ibarra), chopped (about 1 cup); 2 tablespoons whipping cream | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring water and chocolate to simmer in medium saucepan, stirring until chocolate dissolves. Transfer to Mexican chocolate pot or blender. If using pot, whip mixture by vigorously rolling handle of molinillo between palms. If using blender, blend until frothy. Mix in cream. Divide among 4 mugs. Bring water and chocolate to simmer in medium saucepan, stirring until chocolate dissolves. Transfer to Mexican chocolate pot or blender. If using pot, whip mixture by vigorously rolling handle of molinillo between palms. If using blender, blend until frothy. Mix in cream. Divide among 4 mugs. <END>
INPUT: Asian, shrimp, canola oil, Salt pepper, leaves curly leaf, Serrano Mint Sauce
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Shrimp in Lettuce Leaves with Serrano-Mint Sauce | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound large shrimp (about 36), peeled and deveined; 3 tablespoons canola oil; Salt and freshly ground pepper; 12 leaves green curly leaf lettuce; Serrano-Mint Sauce, recipe follows; Chili oil, for drizzling, optional; Fresh cilantro leaves; 1 cup tightly packed mint leaves, plus more for garnish; 2 serrano chiles, chopped; 4 cloves garlic, chopped; One 1-inch piece fresh ginger, peeled and chopped; 2 teaspoons sugar; 1/4 cup white wine vinegar; 2 tablespoons fish sauce; Salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the grill to medium-high. In a large bowl, toss shrimp in oil and season with salt and pepper. Grill the shrimp for 1 to 2 minutes on each side or until just cooked through. Be careful not to overcook the shrimp, or they will be tough and rubbery. Remove from the grill. Place about 3 shrimp in each lettuce leaf. Drizzle with the Serrano-Mint Sauce and with a little chili oil, if desired. Sprinkle with a few cilantro leaves. Roll up the lettuce leaves, and eat immediately. Place all ingredients, except for salt, in a blender. Pulse until smooth. Season, to <END>
INPUT: vodka, vanilla beans, egg, pure vanilla extract
OUTPUT: TITLE: Homemade Vanilla Extract | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 (16-ounce) clean glass jar or bottle with tight-fitting lid; 16 ounces vodka; 5 vanilla beans; 1 egg white, beaten; 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract; 4 cups whole almonds; 3/4 cup sugar; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon | INSTRUCTIONS: Using a sharp knife, slice the vanilla beans open lengthwise to expose the seeds. Tuck the beans in the jar or bottle and pour in the vodka. Close the jar, shake it a few times, and place it in a cool, dark space. Let the jar rest for 6 to 8 weeks, shaking it again once or twice a week. The mixture will get darker and darker over time. When the extract starts to run low, top it off with more vodka and shake again. Also, whenever you use a vanilla bean, don't hesitate to add it to the jar after you've used it. This will continue to "feed" your vanilla extract and it should keep forever. Vanilla <END>
INPUT: napoleon, puff pastry, heavy, sugar, vanilla extract, dark rum
OUTPUT: TITLE: Banana Napoleon with Rum Cream | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 pieces store bought puff pastry, each 3 by 4-inches; 1 cup heavy (whipping) cream; 2 tablespoons sugar; 1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract; 1 to 2 tablespoons dark rum; 4 to 5 medium bananas; 1 tablespoon lime juice; 1 tablespoon orange juice; 1 cup store bought caramel sauce | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Place the puff pastry on parchment lined baking sheets, 1/2-inch apart. Place parchment on top of the dough and then on a wire rack or baking sheet on top. Bake until golden brown, about 15 minutes. (If you are using a baking sheet on top, you will have to remove the baking sheet to see if the puff is done.) Cool to room temperature. Slice each piece of puff pastry in 1/2 horizontally along the 4-inch side. Whisk the cream, sugar, vanilla extract, and rum in a large bowl until soft peaks form. Slice the bananas 1/2-inch thick on a bias. Place them in a bowl a <END>
INPUT: salad, Sherry wine vinegar, shallot, canola oil, Belgian endive, scallops
OUTPUT: TITLE: Scallop Salad with Haricots Verts and Truffle Oil | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons Sherry wine vinegar; 1 1/2 tablespoons minced shallot; 2 1/2 tablespoons canola oil; 2 small heads Belgian endive, thinly sliced on diagonal; 6 dry scallops (about 10 ounces); 2 tablespoons instant flour, seasoned with salt and pepper; 6 ounces haricots verts or other slender green beans, trimmed, cut into 2-inch lengths, blanched; 4 teaspoons white truffle oil; 1/4 cup chopped fresh chives | INSTRUCTIONS: In a small bowl, whisk the vinegar, shallots, and 1 1/2 tablespoons canola oil together into a vinaigrette. In a medium bowl, toss to combine the endive and 2 tablespoons vinaigrette. Heat remaining 1 tablespoon of canola oil in large non-stick skillet over medium heat. Dip scallops in seasoned instant flour. Add to skillet and cook 3 minutes; turn over and cook until almost opaque in center, about 2 minutes or longer. Place 3 scallops around border of each plate. Using half of haricots verts for each plate, place 3 small bundles of haricots verts between scallops. Mound half of endive mixture <END>
INPUT: curd, oranges, sugar, unsalted butter, eggs, orange juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Orange Curd | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 oranges, at room temperature; 1 1/2 cups sugar; 1/4 pound unsalted butter, at room temperature; 4 extra-large eggs, at room temperature; 1/2 cup freshly squeezed orange juice; 1/8 teaspoon kosher salt; 16 long stem strawberries, for dipping | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Remove the zest from the oranges with a vegetable peeler, being careful to avoid the white pith. Put the zest in the bowl of a food processor fitted with a steel blade. Add the sugar and pulse until the zest is very finely minced. Cream the butter in the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with a paddle attachment. Add the sugar/orange zest mixture and mix until light and fluffy. Add the eggs, one at a time, then add the orange juice and salt. Mix until combined. Pour the mixture into a 2-quart saucepan and cook over low heat until thickened, about 10 minutes, stirr <END>
INPUT: Indian, samosas, all purpose flour, fine sea salt, baking powder, water
OUTPUT: TITLE: Turkey Samosas | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 4 1/2 cups all-purpose flour; 1 teaspoon fine sea salt; 1/2 teaspoon baking powder; 4 ounces (10 tablespoons) vegetable shortening, preferably trans-fat-free, cut into small pieces; 3/4 cup plus 2 tablespoons water; 4 tablespoons (1/2 stick) unsalted butter; 1/2 small yellow onion, chopped; 1 teaspoon garam masala; 1 teaspoon brown mustard seeds; 1/2 teaspoon black or regular cumin seeds; 1/2 teaspoon yellow Madras curry powder; 4 large cloves garlic, minced; 3 cups chopped cooked turkey or rotisserie chicken; 1 cup mashed potatoes; 1/2 cup cooked peas or diced green beans | INSTRUCTIONS: Make the samosa dough: In a large bowl, whisk together the flour, salt, and baking powder. Add the shortening and use a pastry blender or 2 forks to cut the shortening into the flour mixture until it resembles a coarse meal. Gradually add the water in 3 batches and use the pastry blender or forks to gently work it into the dough (the dough will be shaggy at first). Transfer to a work surface, and knead the dough until it's hydrated and starting to smooth out, about 5 minutes (the surface of the dough will still appear shaggy; it will smooth out during resting). Wrap the dough in plastic wrap a <END>
INPUT: what, cucumber, bell pepper, salt, vinegar, mustard seeds
OUTPUT: TITLE: What Up, Dog? | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 large cucumber, seeded and cut into small dice; 1 red bell pepper, cored, seeded and cut into small dice; 2 tablespoons salt; 3/4 cup white vinegar; 2 tablespoons mustard seeds; 1/2 teaspoon celery seeds; 1/4 cup plus 2 tablespoons sugar; 2 tablespoons canola oil; 2 onions, sliced; 1 clove garlic, chopped; 1 tablespoon hot sauce; 1 tablespoon tomato paste; 2 tablespoons white vinegar; 2 tablespoons brown sugar; 1 teaspoon paprika | INSTRUCTIONS: Relish: Combine the cucumber and bell pepper in a colander. Put the colander over a bowl and sprinkle with salt. Toss and let sit for 30 minutes to remove excess water. Rinse with cold water, transfer to a sheet tray lined with paper towels and pat dry. In a medium saucepot combine the cucumber and red pepper with the remaining relish ingredients. Cook over medium-low heat until thick, about 30 minutes. Cool to room temperature. This will last up to 2 weeks in the refrigerator in a sealed container. Onion Sauce: Heat the 2 tablespoons of canola oil in a medium pot over medium heat. Add the oni <END>
INPUT: wilted, salad, arugula, baby spinach, almonds, apple juice, apple cider
OUTPUT: TITLE: Wilted Arugula-Spinach Salad with Apple Dressing | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound arugula; 1 pound baby spinach; 1/4 cup almonds; 1 cup apple juice; 1/2 cup apple cider; 2 apples, peeled and chopped; 2 tablespoons agave; 2 tablespoons brown sugar; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1/4 cup dried sweetened cranberries; 1/4 cup pine nuts; 1/4 cup pumpkin seeds; 1/2 cup red cherry tomatoes; 1/2 cup yellow cherry tomatoes | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 200 degrees F. Toss the arugula and spinach together on a large baking sheet. Bake in the oven until wilted, about 5 minutes, gently stirring halfway through baking. Remove from the oven. Raise the heat to 350 degrees F and roast the almonds until toasted, about 5 minutes. Remove from the oven and coarsely chop. Place the apple juice, apple cider and apples in a blender and puree until smooth. Add the agave and brown sugar and blend until combined. Taste and season with salt and pepper. Transfer the greens to a large serving bowl and add the almonds, cranberries, pine nuts, <END>
INPUT: bites, mascarpone cheese, Twelve pickle, pickled onion, chives
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mascarpone Pickle Bites | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup mascarpone cheese; Twelve 1/2-inch-thick pickle slices; 2 tablespoons thinly sliced pickled red onion; 1 tablespoon finely cut fresh chives | INSTRUCTIONS: Spread the mascarpone evenly over the pickle slices. Top with a few threads of pickled red onion and a sprinkle of chives. <END>
INPUT: Italian, blistered, browned, unsalted butter, shishito peppers, lemon juice, Parmesan, Kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Blistered Shishito Peppers with Browned Butter, Lemon and Parmesan | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 8 ounces shishito peppers (about 6 cups); 1 teaspoon freshly squeezed lemon juice; 1/2 cup finely grated Parmesan; Kosher salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the broiler with an oven rack set about 4 inches from the heat source. Have a large mixing bowl ready. Melt the butter in a small saucepan over medium heat until light brown specks start to form and the butter starts to smell nutty, swirling the pan occasionally, about 5 minutes. Pour immediately into the mixing bowl, being sure to scrape the brown bits from the bottom of the pan. Spread the shishito peppers in a single layer on a baking sheet. Broil the peppers until lightly blistered and just starting to soften, shaking the baking sheet occasionally, 3 to 5 minutes. Transfer the hot  <END>
INPUT: Italian, pasta, onion, olive oil, links sweet Italian, tomato sauce
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pasta with Peas and Sausage | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup minced onion; 1 tablespoons olive oil; 3 links sweet Italian sausage, removed from casing; 2 cups tomato sauce; 2 cans (15 1/2 ounces each) Le Sueu peas, including liquid; 1 1/2 cups water; Salt and pepper to taste; 1 teaspoon dried basil, crumbled; 1 pound elbo or baby shells; Freshly grated Parmesan | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large saucepan set over moderate heat, cook the onion in the oil, stirring occasionally, for 5 minutes. Add the sausage and cook it until no longer pink. Drain, then add the tomato sauce, peas and liquid, water, salt, and pepper, and basil. Bring to a boil and simmer for 20 minutes. Meanwhile, in a large saucepan of boiling salted water, cook the macaroni until barely tender, drain, and add to the sauce. Simmer until heated through. Let stand for 5 minutes before serving. Serve with the Parmesan. <END>
INPUT: crostini, Gorgonzola crumbles, walnuts pecans, Honey
OUTPUT: TITLE: Gorgonzola Crostini | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 12 (1/3-inch-thick) baguette slices; 3 ounces Gorgonzola crumbles, at room temperature; 1/2 cup chopped walnuts or pecans; Honey | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 325 degrees F. Place baguette slices in single layer on baking sheet. Toast in oven until golden, about 10 minutes. Sprinkle Gorgonzola on baguette slices. Sprinkle nuts over each. Drizzle each slice lightly with honey. <END>
INPUT: Italian, pockets, moose, pork sausage, celery, onion, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Moose Pockets | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound ground moose (or buffalo works, too); 8 ounces pork sausage; 1/2 cup finely chopped celery; 1/2 cup finely chopped onion; 2 cloves garlic, minced; 2 tablespoons tomato paste; 2 teaspoons dried basil; Pinch dried chili flakes; Pinch salt; Pinch pepper; 1 box frozen puff pastry dough, lightly thawed; 1 pound shredded mozzarella cheese; 1 egg whisked with 1 tablespoon water | INSTRUCTIONS: In a heavy skillet, lightly brown the moose and pork sausage over medium heat. Add the celery, onions and garlic and continue to cook until the onions are translucent. Pour off any excess fat and stir in the tomato paste, dried basil, chili flakes, salt and pepper. Cool to room temperature. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Roll out the dough to 1/4 inch thick and cut into 3-inch squares. Place a heaping tablespoon of the meat filling in the center of each one and place a bit of the mozzarella on top. Brush the edges with the egg wash and fold over, forming a triangle. Press down on the edges <END>
INPUT: Asian, Scrambled, free range organic, sea salt, pepper, peanut vegetable oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Egg, Baby Asparagus, Corn and Shimeji Mushroom Fried Rice | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: Scrambled Eggs:; 3 large free-range or organic eggs, lightly beaten; 1 pinch sea salt; 1 pinch ground white pepper; 1 tablespoon peanut or vegetable oil; Fried Rice:; 2 tablespoons peanut or vegetable oil; 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped; 4 1/3 ounces baby asparagus spears, tips sliced 3/4 inch, stems sliced into 1/3-inch slices; 1 ear fresh sweet corn, kernels removed, core discarded; 2 3/4 ounces shimeji mushrooms, individual stems separated; 1 3/4 pounds cooked jasmine rice, cold; 3 tablespoons low-sodium light soy sauce; 2 tablespoons toasted sesame oil; 1/4 teaspoon ground white pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: 1 red chile, deseeded and finely chopped For the eggs: Lightly beat the eggs in a bowl and sprinkle with the salt and pepper. Heat a wok over medium heat and add the peanut oil. Pour in the beaten eggs and stir to lightly scramble until the eggs have turned golden and are still fluffy. Take off the heat and set aside. For the fried rice: Reheat the wok over high heat until smoke starts to rise, and then add the peanut oil. Add the garlic and stir quickly for a few seconds, then stir in the asparagus and corn and cook until the asparagus starts to turn a deeper green and the corn starts to turn <END>
INPUT: Hot Times Rub, Hot Times Mop, jalapeno, kosher sea salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Hot Times Jalapeno Turkey Breast | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 (6 to 8-pound) turkey breast; Hot Times Rub, recipe follows; Hot Times Mop, recipe follows; 3 tablespoons dried ground jalapeno, (recommended: North of the Border PC Willy's Green Chile Rub and Seasoning); 2 tablespoons kosher or sea salt; 2 tablespoons packed light or dark brown sugar; 1/2 teaspoon dry mustard; 2 cups chicken or turkey stock; 2 to 3 teaspoons dried ground jalapeno; 1/4 cup unsalted butter or vegetable oil; 1/4 cup jalapeno jelly | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Massage the turkey breast with the Hot Times Rub, making sure to get it over and under the skin without tearing. Place the breast in a plastic bag and refrigerate overnight. Prepare the smoker for barbecuing, bringing the temperature to 200 to 220 degrees F. Remove the turkey breast from the refrigerator and let it sit at room temperature for about 30 minutes. Cut a 3-foot piece of cheesecloth and dampen it thoroughly with water. Wrap the breast in the cheesecloth and tie the ends. Transfer the breast to the smoker, skin side up, and cook for 1 1/4 to 1 1/2 hours <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, garlic bulbs, zest juice lemon, cumin seed, pepper, Kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Garlic Chicken with Israeli Couscous | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 2 whole garlic bulbs; Grated zest and juice of 1 lemon; 1 tablespoon cumin seed, toasted and ground; Pinch of crushed red pepper; Kosher salt; Extra virgin olive oil; 1 4-pound chicken, cut into 8 to 10 pieces; Kosher salt; 2 cups Israeli couscous; Extra virgin olive oil; 1 onion, sliced; 4 celery ribs, sliced thinly on a severe bias; Pinch of crushed red pepper; 1/2 cup tomato paste; 1 cup dry white wine | INSTRUCTIONS: For the chicken: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Place the garlic bulbs in the oven and roast until soft, about 30 minutes. Remove and let cool. When the bulbs are cool enough to handle, slice off the tops and squeeze the cloves into the bowl of a food processor. Add the lemon zest and juice, cumin, and crushed red pepper to the garlic. Season the mixture with salt and puree until smooth. While the machine is running, drizzle in 1/4 cup olive oil. Taste and reseason if needed. Place the chicken in a large dish or on a baking sheet and massage the garlic mixture onto the skin of each piece-r <END>
INPUT: soup, shrimp, Nonya chicken stock, loosely spearmint leaves, eggs, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mint Soup | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 oz small dried shrimp (3 tablespoons); 8 cups Nonya chicken stock; 2 cups loosely packed fresh spearmint leaves; 3 large eggs, lightly beaten; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/4 teaspoon black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Soak shrimp in warm water to cover in a bowl 5 minutes, then drain in a sieve, discarding water. Bring stock and shrimp to a boil in a 3-quart saucepan, then reduce heat and simmer, uncovered, 10 minutes. Stir in mint and immediately remove from heat. Add eggs in a slow stream, stirring slowly in one direction, then stir in salt and pepper. Soak shrimp in warm water to cover in a bowl 5 minutes, then drain in a sieve, discarding water. Bring stock and shrimp to a boil in a 3-quart saucepan, then reduce heat and simmer, uncovered, 10 minutes. Stir in mint and immediately remove from heat. Add e <END>
INPUT: Mexican, tacos, olive oil, turkey meat, poblano pepper, zucchini, Vidalia onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Turkey Tacos | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 4 tablespoons olive oil; 12 ounces ground turkey meat (light meat); 1 medium poblano pepper, seeded and diced; 1 medium zucchini, diced; 1/2 medium Vidalia onion, finely chopped; 1 heaping tablespoon chili powder; 2 teaspoons ground cumin; 1 teaspoon paprika; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 plum tomato, chopped; 3/4 cup chicken stock; 8 soft taco shells; Shredded iceberg lettuce; Shredded sharp Cheddar; Diced avocado | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Heat 2 tablespoons of the olive oil in a large nonstick skillet over medium-high heat. Add the turkey and cook, while stirring and breaking up the meat with the back of a wooden spoon, until browned, about 3 minutes. Stir in the peppers, zucchini and onions, and saute until the veggies have started to soften, about 5 minutes more. Sprinkle the meat with the chili powder, cumin and paprika and give a good seasoning of salt and pepper; cook until fragrant. Stir in the chopped tomatoes and cook until the tomatoes have broken down and are soft, about 2 minutes mo <END>
INPUT: salad, leaves, wine vinegar, Dijon mustard, oregano, salt, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Crab Salad in Endive Leaves | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 tablespoons white wine vinegar; 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard; 1 teaspoon dried oregano; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 2/3 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 24 ounces crabmeat, drained, picked over; 6 heads Belgian endive, trimmed, separated into spears; Chopped fresh chives, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Whisk the vinegar, mustard, oregano, salt and pepper in a large bowl to blend. Gradually whisk in the oil. Add the crabmeat and toss gently to coat. Arrange the endive spears on a platter. Spoon the crabmeat atop the endive spears. Sprinkle with chives and serve. <END>
INPUT: Asian, soup, udon, water, tamari soy sauce, gingerroot, tofu
OUTPUT: TITLE: Ginger-Miso Soup with Noodles | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 8 ounces udon (Japanese wheat noodles), or linguine; 6 cups water; 1/4 cup tamari soy sauce; 1/2 cup roughly sliced gingerroot (keep skin on); 1/4 pound firm tofu, cut into 1/2inch cubes; 2 scallions, very thinly sliced; 1/4 cup white (sweet) miso (see Note); 1 tablespoon Asian ental sesame oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring 3 quarts of water to a boil and cook the udon about 6 minutes, or until tender but not mushy. If the starch from the noodles looks like it is about to boil over, lower the heat slightly. Drain the udon in a colander, rinse under cold running water, drain again, and set aside. In the same, pot bring the 6 cups water, the tamari, and ginger to a boil. Lower the heat and simmer the broth simmer 10 minutes. Remove ginger with slotted spoon. Stir in the tofu and half of the scallions and cook 1 minute, or just to heat through. Place the miso in a bowl, then remove about 1/2 cup of the broth a <END>
INPUT: bread, cornmeal, sifted all purpose, sugar, baking powder, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Buttermilk Corn Bread | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups yellow cornmeal; 1 cup sifted all purpose flour; 6 tablespoons sugar; 1 tablespoon baking powder; 3/4 teaspoon salt; 1/2 teaspoon baking soda; 1/2 cup (1 stick) chilled unsalted butter, diced; 1 1/2 cups buttermilk; 3 large eggs | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven 400°F. Butter bottom of 9x9x2-inch baking pan. Mix first 6 ingredients in processor. Add butter and cut in, using on/off turns, until mixture resembles coarse meal. Beat buttermilk and eggs in large bowl to blend. Add cornmeal mixture to egg mixture and blend. Transfer to prepared pan. Bake until corn bread is light golden brown on top and tester inserted into center comes out clean, about 30 minutes. Cool in pan on rack. (Can be prepared 1 day ahead. Cover and let stand at room temperature.) Preheat oven 400°F. Butter bottom of 9x9x2-inch baking pan. Mix first 6 ingredients in pr <END>
INPUT: spiked, sauce, purchased lemon curd, crème de cassis, plain yogurt, oranges, basket strawberries
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fruit with Cassis-Spiked Lemon Curd Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup purchased lemon curd; 2 tablespoons crème de cassis (black currant-flavored liqueur); 1/2 cup plain yogurt, crème fraîche or sour cream (not low-fat or nonfat); 3 oranges, peel and white pith removed, fruit sliced, slices quartered; 1 1-pint basket strawberries, hulled, halved; Fresh mint sprigs | INSTRUCTIONS: Whisk lemon curd and crème de cassis in small bowl to blend. Stir in yogurt. (Sauce can be prepared 2 days ahead. Cover and refrigerate.) Combine oranges and strawberries in medium bowl. (Can be prepared 6 hours ahead. Cover fruit and refrigerate.) Spoon fruit into balloon glasses. Spoon lemon curd sauce over. Garnish with mint sprigs and serve. Whisk lemon curd and crème de cassis in small bowl to blend. Stir in yogurt. (Sauce can be prepared 2 days ahead. Cover and refrigerate.) Combine oranges and strawberries in medium bowl. (Can be prepared 6 hours ahead. Cover fruit and refrigerate.) Spo <END>
INPUT: salad, water, wine, bay leaves, garlic, parsley
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Walleye Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pint water; 1 cup white wine; 2 whole bay leaves; 2 cloves garlic, crushed; 6 sprigs fresh parsley; 1 teaspoon whole peppercorns; 1 teaspoon salt; 1 stalk celery; 1 lemon, sliced; 2 (8-ounce) walleye fillets; 1/2 cup fine diced celery; 1 tablespoon chopped dill; 1 cup mayonnaise; 1/2 cup sour cream; 1 lemon, juiced | INSTRUCTIONS: In a shallow pan combine all the court-bouillon ingredients and bring to a simmer. Place the walleye fillets in the pan, making sure the liquid covers them. Poach the fillets for 5 minutes, until firm to the touch. Remove the walleye from the pan, cover and refrigerate. Combine the ingredients for the salad dressing. After the walleye has chilled, gently flake the fillets, checking again that all the bones are removed. Add the dressing to the walleye and mix. Be careful not to break up the walleye any more. Cover and refrigerate until needed. <END>
INPUT: American, potato, pre made pie, eggs, vanilla extract, cinnamon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sweet Potato Pie | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 pre-made pie shell; 2 (12-ounce) cans yams; 2 eggs; 2 tablespoons vanilla extract; 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 2 teaspoons ground allspice; 1 cup brown sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven 400 degrees F. Parbake pie shell for 10 to 12 minutes until lightly browned. Remove from oven. In a stand mixer fitted with a paddle attachment mix together yams, eggs, vanilla, cinnamon, allspice and brown sugar until smooth. Pour mixture into parbaked pie shell. Wrap the rim of the crust with foil. Place into oven at 325 degrees F and bake for 1 hour. Remove from oven and allow to cool completely on a rack before cutting and serving. <END>
INPUT: laskey, soda, zest lemons, lemon juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Laskey Lemon Soda with Bay Ice Cubes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Grated zest of 2 small lemons; 1/4 cup (1.8 oz / 50 g) sugar; 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 1 1/2 cups (12.9 oz / 360 g) cold water; 3/4 cup (6.4 oz / 180 g) water; 1 tablespoon sugar; 2 bay leaves; 4 cups (34.4 oz / 960 g) cold sparkling water | INSTRUCTIONS: To make the lemon soda concentrate, combine the zest and sugar in a mortar and crush with a pestle until fragrant, moist, and tinted yellow. Transfer the mixture to a small pitcher or lidded container and pour in the lemon juice and water. Stir until the sugar dissolves. Cover and refrigerate, agitating the mixture from time to time, until cold and infused with lemon flavor, about 2 hours. To make the ice cubes, combine the water, sugar, and bay leaves in a small saucepan and bring to a boil, stirring to help the sugar dissolve. Boil for 1 minute, remove from the heat, and let stand for 20 to  <END>
INPUT: crumble, sugar, cherry brandy, water
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cherry Crumble | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 (16-ounce) bag frozen cherries (recommended: C and W); 1 (6-ounce) bag dried cherries (recommended: Mariani); 1 cup sugar; 1/4 cup cherry brandy; 3/4 cup water; 3 tablespoons quick cooking tapioca (recommended: Minute); 1/2 cup all-purpose baking mix (recommended: Bisquick); 3/4 cup lowfat granola (recommended: Quaker 100 percent Natural); 10 ginger snaps, crushed (recommended: Archway); 2 tablespoons butter, melted; Vanilla ice cream, for serving | INSTRUCTIONS: In large saucepan combine frozen cherries, dried cherries, sugar, cherry brandy, water, and tapioca. Bring to a boil. Pour mixture into slow cooker. Cover and cook on high for 1 to 1 1/2 hours. 30 minutes before fruit is ready, preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with aluminum foil; set aside. In a medium mixing bowl, combine all-purpose baking mix, granola, ginger snaps and melted butter. Spread evenly on prepared baking sheet and bake in preheated oven for 12 to 18 minutes or until crisp and golden. Serve by spooning fruit into serving dish and sprinkling with crumble topping. <END>
INPUT: crusted, french, cornflake crumbs, almonds, egg whites, pure vanilla extract, cinnamon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cornflake Crusted Banana Stuffed French Toast | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup cornflake crumbs; 1 tablespoon toasted sliced almonds; 1/2 cup egg whites (or egg substitute); 1/2 teaspoon pure vanilla extract; 1/2 teaspoon cinnamon; 4 slices cinnamon-raisin bread; 1/4 cup mashed banana; Strawberries and blueberries (optional) | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat griddle over medium-high heat. Combine cornflake crumbs and almonds in a bowl. Combine egg whites, vanilla extract and cinnamon in another bowl. Dip 1 slice bread in egg batter, then coat on both sides with cornflake crust; repeat with remaining bread slices. Spread mashed banana on 1 side of 2 pieces of crusted bread; top with remaining 2 bread slices to make 2 sandwiches. Cook sandwiches on griddle until golden brown, 2 minutes per side. Cut in half and serve with fresh berries, if desired. Heat griddle over medium-high heat. Combine cornflake crumbs and almonds in a bowl. Combine egg w <END>
INPUT: crusted, vinaigrette, thyme leaves, garlic, non fat buttermilk, Dijon mustard
OUTPUT: TITLE: Artichoke Crusted Salmon with Mint Vinaigrette | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 fresh, frozen or canned artichoke bottoms; 1 teaspoon fresh thyme leaves; 3 garlic cloves; 1/4 cup non-fat buttermilk or yogurt; 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard; 2 tablespoons unflavored bread crumbs; 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt; 1/4 teaspoon black pepper; 4 (6-ounce) salmon fillets; 12 baby artichokes, thinly sliced through the heart (optional) or 2 tablespoons bread crumbs; 1 beefsteak tomato, minced; 2 shallots, peeled and minced; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh mint leaves; 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt | INSTRUCTIONS: To make artichoke crust, place the artichoke bottoms, thyme, garlic, buttermilk or yogurt, mustard, bread crumbs, salt and pepper in a food processor fitted with a steel blade and process until smooth. Sprinkle the salmon with the salt and pepper. Divide the artichoke crust into 4 portions and place dollops on the top side only of the salmon fillets. Pat down to form a crust. Cover the artichoke crust with the artichoke slices or sprinkle with bread crumbs. To make the mint vinaigrette, combine the tomato, shallots, mint, lemon juice, salt, pepper and vinegar in a small bowl. Set aside. Prehea <END>
INPUT: American, burgers, beef, KRAFT Light House, OSCAR MAYER Bacon
OUTPUT: TITLE: VELVEETA-Bacon Burgers | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 lb. extra lean ground beef; 2 Tbsp. KRAFT Light House Italian Dressing; 1/4 lb. (4 oz.) VELVEETA 2% Milk Pasteurized Prepared Cheese Product, cut into 4 slices; 4 tsp. OSCAR MAYER Bacon Pieces | INSTRUCTIONS: Shape meat into 4 patties. Cook in dressing in large skillet on medium-high heat 10 to 12 min. or until done (160F), turning after 5 min. Top with VELVEETA and bacon; cover skillet with lid. Cook 1 to 2 min. or until VELVEETA begins to melt. For added freshness, serve each burger with crisp leaf lettuce.; Serve in whole wheat hamburger buns.; Serve with bagged lettuce greens tossed with cut-up fresh vegetables. Top with your favorite KRAFT Light Dressing, such as Ranch.; Serving Suggestion:. <END>
INPUT: unpeeled garlic, olive oil, water, Coarse kosher salt, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Garlic | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 20 large unpeeled garlic cloves; 1 tablespoon olive oil; 1 tablespoon water; Coarse kosher salt; Freshly ground white pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 400°F. Place garlic in single layer in small ovenproof dish. Drizzle oil and 1 tablespoon water over. Sprinkle with salt and pepper and toss to coat. Cover dish with foil. Bake garlic until tender, about 50 minutes. Uncover dish and cool garlic. Peel cloves and mash as needed. Preheat oven to 400°F. Place garlic in single layer in small ovenproof dish. Drizzle oil and 1 tablespoon water over. Sprinkle with salt and pepper and toss to coat. Cover dish with foil. Bake garlic until tender, about 50 minutes. Uncover dish and cool garlic. Peel cloves and mash as needed. <END>
INPUT: American, all purpose flour, baking powder, salt, milk
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tomato and Corn Pie | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups all-purpose flour; 1 tablespoon baking powder; 1 3/4 teaspoons salt; 3/4 stick (6 tablespoons) cold unsalted butter, cut into 1/2-inch cubes, plus 2 teaspoons melted; 3/4 cup whole milk; 1/3 cup mayonnaise; 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 1 3/4 lb beefsteak tomatoes, peeled (see cooks' note for mountain jam ) and sliced crosswise 1/4 inch thick; 1 1/2 cups corn (from about 3 ears), coarsely puréed in a food processor; 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh basil; 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh chives; 1/4 teaspoon black pepper; 7 oz coarsely grated sharp Cheddar (1 3/4 cups) | INSTRUCTIONS: Whisk together flour, baking powder, and 3/4 teaspoon salt in a bowl, then blend in 3/4 stick cold butter with your fingertips or a pastry blender until it resembles coarse meal. Add milk, stirring until mixture just forms a dough, then gather into a ball. Divide dough in half and roll out 1 piece between sheets of plastic wrap into a 12-inch round (1/8 inch thick). Remove top sheet of plastic wrap, then lift dough using bottom sheet of plastic wrap and invert into a 9-inch glass pie plate, patting with your fingers to fit (there will be just enough dough to line plate without an overhang). Di <END>
INPUT: Mustard Dipping, sour cream, mayonnaise, mustard, horseradish
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pretzel Mashed Potato Bites | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Mustard Dipping Sauce:; 1/2 cup sour cream; 1/2 cup mayonnaise; 1 tablespoon brown mustard; 1/2 teaspoon horseradish; Potato Bites:; Peanut oil, for frying; 4 cups left-over mashed potatoes; 1 large egg; 1/2 cup all-purpose flour; 1 cup crushed pretzels; Mustard Dipping Sauce:; 1/2 cup sour cream; 1/2 cup mayonnaise; 1 tablespoon brown mustard | INSTRUCTIONS: For the sauce: Place dipping sauce ingredients into a small bowl and mix well. Serve with pretzel mashed potato bites. For the potato bites: In a Dutch oven or deep fryer, pour the oil to a depth of 5 inches. Heat the oil over medium heat to 350 degrees F. Combine the potatoes with the egg. Mix in the flour and mustard. Spoon about 1 heaping tablespoon, form into balls, and roll in the crushed pretzels. Deep fry until the bites float to the top and are golden brown, 2 to 3 minutes. Serve with the mustard dipping sauce. For the sauce: Place dipping sauce ingredients into a small bowl and mix we <END>
INPUT: pudding, Canola, eggs, sharp Cheddar, whipped cream cheese, heavy cream
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sweet Corn Pudding | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Canola spray, for spraying baking dish; 2 eggs, lightly beaten; 1 cup shredded sharp Cheddar; 1 cup whipped cream cheese; 1 cup heavy cream; 1/2 cup breadcrumbs; 2 tablespoons honey; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh marjoram; 2 shallots, chopped; 4 cups fresh corn kernels or two 8-ounce bags frozen corn kernels, thawed; 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted; Salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Spray a 9-by-13-inch baking dish with canola spray. Whisk together the eggs in a large bowl. Next, add and mix together the Cheddar, cream cheese, heavy cream, breadcrumbs, honey, marjoram and shallots. Add the corn and stir into the mixture. Add the butter and mix together. Pour the corn pudding into the baking dish, top with salt and pepper and bake until the pudding just sets, about 45 minutes. Serve immediately. <END>
INPUT: Asian, lettuce, wraps, garlic, lemongrass, shallots, light sugar, fish sauce
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Pork Lettuce Wraps | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 4 cloves garlic, minced; 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh lemongrass; 2 shallots, finely chopped; 1/4 cup packed light brown sugar; 3 tablespoons fish sauce; 2 tablespoons soy sauce; 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, plus more for brushing; Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper; 1 1/2 pounds thin boneless pork chops; 1/2 cup fresh lime juice; 2 tablespoons fish sauce; 3 tablespoons granulated sugar; Kosher salt; 1 tablespoon grated carrot; 1 teaspoon Asian chile sauce, such as sambal oelek | INSTRUCTIONS: Prepare the pork: Mash the garlic into a paste with the flat side of a knife. Transfer to a large bowl and stir in the lemongrass, shallots, brown sugar, fish sauce, soy sauce, vegetable oil and 1/2 teaspoon each salt and pepper. Add the pork and toss to coat. Cover and refrigerate 2 hours or overnight. Make the sauce: Whisk the lime juice, fish sauce, granulated sugar, 1/2 teaspoon salt and 1/4 cup water in a small bowl. Stir in the carrot, chile sauce and garlic. Preheat a grill to high. Brush the grill with vegetable oil. Remove the pork from the marinade and grill until well marked, 3 to 4 <END>
INPUT: soup, rich pork stock, chicken drumstick thigh, Smithfield ham, scallions, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Winter Melon Soup | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 cups rich pork stock; 1 chicken drumstick and thigh; 1/4 cup diced Smithfield ham; 3 scallions, minced; 1 clove garlic, minced; 1/4 cup sliced bamboo shoots (fresh, if possible); 1/4 cup peeled and diced water chestnuts (fresh, if possible); 1 tablespoon dried shrimp, soaked in warm water for 20 minutes; 6 Chinese mushrooms, soaked in warm water for 20 minutes; I cup diced winter melon; 1/2 cup diced tomato; 1/2 cup peas (fresh or frozen); 1/4 cup baby corn; 3 tablespoons cornstarch; 1/4 cup diced bean curd (firm-style) | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring the pork stock to a boil in a large, heavy saucepan. Reduce to a simmer, add the chicken, and cook gently for 30 minutes. Remove the chicken, bone the meat, shred it, and discard the bones. Add the shredded meat to the pork stock, along with the ham, scallions, garlic, bamboo shoots, water chestnuts and dried shrimp. Slice the Chinese mushrooms and add to the stock. Simmer for 1/2 hour. Add the winter melon, the tomato, the peas and the baby corn. Bring soup to a boil. Mix together the cornstarch with enough cold water to make a liquid resembling heavy cream. Pour enough into boiling sou <END>
INPUT: Mexican, beef, onions, cumin, chili powder, garlic powder
OUTPUT: TITLE: Beef Chili with Chipotle Chilies and Cilantro | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2 pounds lean ground beef; 2 cups chopped onions; 3 tablespoons ground cumin; 3 tablespoons chili powder; 1 1/2 tablespoons garlic powder; 1 tablespoon chopped canned chipotle chilies in adobo sauce*; 2 1/2 cups (or more) water; 1 cup finely chopped fresh cilantro; Grated cheddar cheese; Sour cream; Additional chopped onion; *Canned chipotle chilies are available at Latin American markets, specialty foods stores and some supermarkets | INSTRUCTIONS: Sauté beef and 2 cups chopped onions in large Dutch oven over high heat until beef is cooked through, stirring often and breaking up beef with back of spoon, about 10 minutes. Add cumin, chili powder, garlic powder and chipotle chilies; sauté 3 minutes. Mix in 2 1/2 cups water and 1/2 cup cilantro. Reduce heat to medium-low. Cover partially and cook 1 1/2 hours, adding more water by 1/4 cupfuls if chili becomes dry. Season with salt and pepper. (Can be made 1 day ahead. Cover; chill. Bring to simmer before continuing.) Mix remaining 1/2 cup cilantro into chili. Ladle chili into bowls. Serve, p <END>
INPUT: potted, horseradish, Kosher salt, cipollini onions, stew beef beef, pepper, vegetable olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Potted Beef with Pears and Cipollini Onions and Horseradish Cream | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Kosher salt; 2 pounds cipollini onions (about 2 sacks) or 1 1/2 pounds red or yellow pearl onions; 3 pounds stew beef or beef chuck, cut into 2- to 2 1/2-inch pieces; Freshly ground black pepper; 2 to 3 tablespoons vegetable or olive oil; 3 tablespoons butter; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh thyme; 1 teaspoon ground allspice; Pinch ground cloves; Freshly grated nutmeg; 2 teaspoons honey; 1/2 cup dry sherry; 1 1/2 to 2 cups beef stock; 4 large underripe brown-skin pears, peeled and cut into 4 to 6 wedges each; 1 cup sour cream or creme fraiche | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Bring a medium pot of water to boil for the onions. Salt the water and boil the onions for 5 minutes. Then drain the onions and cool to handle. Peel the onions by squishing the root end out of the skins. Bring the beef to room temperature and pat dry with paper towels. Sprinkle with salt and pepper. Heat the oil over medium-high heat in a large Dutch oven and add the beef in batches, browning until deeply caramelized all over. Repeat until all the beef has been browned, adding more oil when necessary. Remove the browned meat to a plate, covered with foil and  <END>
INPUT: Mexican, mixed, salad, lime juice, honey, cilantro, kosher salt, cantaloupe balls
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mixed Melon Salad with Cilantro and Lime | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup fresh lime juice (about 2 limes); 3 tablespoons honey; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro (could swap for mint), plus more for garnish, optional; Pinch kosher salt; 2 cups cantaloupe balls, from about 1 cantaloupe; 2 cups honeydew balls, from about 1 honeydew; 2 cups watermelon balls, from about half a watermelon | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine the lime juice, honey, cilantro and salt together in a small bowl and whisk until thoroughly combined. In a large bowl, combine the cantaloupe, honeydew and watermelon. Add the honey-lime mixture and toss to coat evenly. Garnish with additional cilantro, if desired. Chill the salad in the refrigerator until serving. <END>
INPUT: Italian, roulade, sauce, bell peppers, lemon, sour cream, basil leaves leaves, turkey breast half
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Pepper, Basil, and Turkey Roulade with Basil Sour Cream Sauce | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 4 medium red bell peppers; 1 large lemon; 1 cup sour cream; 1/3 cup chopped fresh basil leaves plus 2 cups large leaves; 1 boneless turkey breast half; Special equipment: kitchen string | INSTRUCTIONS: Roast peppers: Roast peppers on racks of gas burners over high heat, turning with tongs, until skins are blackened, 5 to 8 minutes. (Alternatively, broil peppers on rack of a broiler pan about 5 inches from heat, turning occasionally, about 15 minutes.) Transfer to a bowl and let stand, covered, until cool enough to handle. Peel peppers and discard stems and seeds. Finely chop peppers and pat dry, then season with salt and pepper. Roast peppers on racks of gas burners over high heat, turning with tongs, until skins are blackened, 5 to 8 minutes. (Alternatively, broil peppers on rack of a broil <END>
INPUT: flag, cake mix, unsweetened cocoa powder, drops royal gel, drops violet gel
OUTPUT: TITLE: Ice Cream Flag Cake | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Cooking spray; 1 16-to-18-ounce box white cake mix (plus required ingredients); 2 tablespoons unsweetened cocoa powder; 28 drops royal blue gel food coloring; 4 drops violet gel food coloring; Unsalted butter, for the pan; 3 pints raspberry sorbet; 2 1/2 pints vanilla ice cream; 2 pints heavy cream; 1/4 cup confectioners' sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F; coat a 9-inch-round springform pan with cooking spray. Prepare the cake mix as directed, adding the cocoa powder and food coloring to the batter. Transfer to the prepared pan and bake until done, about 45 minutes. Let the cake cool, then remove from the pan; level the domed top with a serrated knife. Use a 5-inch circle of parchment paper as a guide to cut a circle from the center of the cake (you won't need the small circle). Freeze the large cake ring. Cut a 6-by-30-inch strip of parchment paper. Clean the springform pan, then butter it and line the side wi <END>
INPUT: crab cake mixture, sour cream, cilantro leaves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Crab-Stuffed Poblano Peppers | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Cooking spray; 1 cup crab cake mixture, reserved from Crab Cakes OR see recipe below; 1/4 cup sour cream; 1 (4-ounce) can diced green chiles; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro leaves; 4 poblano or green bell peppers, halved and seeded; 1/2 cup shredded Monterey Jack cheese; 12 ounces fresh lump crabmeat (or an equal amount of canned lump crabmeat); 2 tablespoons lowfat sour cream; 2 1/4 teaspoons oats (regular or quick-cooking); 2 1/4 teaspoons seasoned dry bread crumbs; 3/4 teaspoon Dijon mustard; 1/2 teaspoon crab boil seasoning (recommended: Old Bay); 1/4 teaspoon dried oregano; Pinch ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. Coat a shallow roasting pan with cooking spray. In a medium bowl, combine crab cake mixture, sour cream, green chiles, and cilantro. Stuff mixture into halved peppers and arrange side-by-side in bottom of prepared pan. Sprinkle cheese over filling. Bake 10 to 12 minutes, until filling is hot and cheese is golden and bubbly. Serve hot. In a large bowl, combine crabmeat, sour cream, oats, bread crumbs, Dijon mustard, crab boil seasoning, oregano, and black pepper. Gently mix ingredients together, being careful not to break up crabmeat. <END>
INPUT: salad, fondue, virgin olive oil, shallots, garlic, piquillo peppers, orange juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Shrimp and Octopus Salad with Piquillo Pepper Fondue and Crispy Chick Peas | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup extra virgin olive oil; 1 cup shallots, sliced; 3 cloves garlic, rough chopped; 2 cans piquillo peppers, drained (roasted red peppers can be substituted); 2 cups orange juice; 1 pound tenderized baby octopus, blanched and cleaned; 1 pound medium sized shrimp, peeled and de-veined; 1 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 5 cloves garlic, finely chopped; 4 sprigs fresh oregano leaves, chopped; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 red onion, thinly sliced; Juice of 2 lemons; 2 pounds watercress, stemmed and well washed; 2 cups cooked chick peas, fried until crispy | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat a grill to 500 degrees F. Place the olive oil in a medium heated shallow pot. Add the shallots and garlic and cook until golden brown. Add the piquillo peppers and orange juice and simmer for about 30 minutes. Remove form the heat and puree in a blender. Season, to taste. Toss the octopus and shrimp with the extra-virgin olive oil, garlic, oregano and season with salt and pepper. Place on the grill and cook until charred on the outside. Place in a mixing bowl and toss with the sliced red onions, lemon juice, water cress and Piquillo Pepper Fondue. Season, to taste, and finish with the  <END>
INPUT: strata, garlic, onion, shiitake mushrooms, oyster mushrooms
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mushroom, Sausage and Gruyere Strata | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 tablespoons (1/2 stick) butter; 1 clove garlic, minced; 1/2 onion, finely chopped; 2 cups chopped shiitake mushrooms; 1 cup chopped oyster mushrooms; 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh thyme, plus thyme sprigs, for garnish; 4 classic Italian sausages, chopped; 2 cups whole milk; 1 cup heavy cream; 6 large eggs; Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper; 2 cups grated Gruyere; 4 cups stale baguette cubes; Oil, for greasing the pan; All-purpose flour, for flouring the pan | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: a bundt pan For the strata: In a large saucepan over medium-high heat, melt the butter. Add the garlic and onion and cook until the onion is translucent, about 5 minutes. Add the oyster and shiitake mushrooms and chopped thyme and saute until the mushrooms are tender, about 5 minutes. Remove the mushrooms to a plate. In the same saucepan, add the sausage and cook until no longer pink, about 5 minutes. Transfer the sausage to the plate, leaving the drippings behind for gravy (refrigerate the drippings until ready to make the gravy). In a large bowl, whisk together the milk, c <END>
INPUT: cheesecake, cream cheese, cornstarch, horseradish juice, salt, egg
OUTPUT: TITLE: Smoked Salmon and Horseradish Cheesecake | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 16 ounces cream cheese, at room temperature; 2 ounces cornstarch; 1-ounce horseradish juice; 1 teaspoon salt; 1 egg; 4 ounces heavy cream; 12 ounces diced smoked salmon; 6 bagels split and toasted; 1 red onion sliced thin | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. In a standing electric mixer fitted with a paddle, cream the cream cheese, cornstarch, horseradish juice and salt. Add egg and heavy cream. When filling is mixed thoroughly add diced smoked salmon and fold it in. Place in buttered 8-inch springform pan and bake for 1 hour or until cheesecake sets up. Remove from oven and let cool to room temperature. Slice into 6 equal portions and serve with bagels and sliced onions. <END>
INPUT: argentine, garlic, salt, cayenne pepper, thyme
OUTPUT: TITLE: Argentine-Style Fresh Ham | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 head garlic; 1 (10 to 12-pound) fresh ham; 1 tablespoon salt; 2 teaspoons cayenne pepper; 2 teaspoons dried thyme | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat the oven to 325 degrees F. Split the garlic head in half and rub it cut side down all over the ham. Sprinkle on the salt, cayenne, and thyme and rub it into the ham. Put the ham fat side up into a roasting pan and cook it for about 25 minutes per pound or until the internal temperature registers 155 degrees F on an instant-read thermometer. Remove the ham, cover it with foil, and let it rest for about 15 minutes. The temperature will continue to rise to 160 degrees F. Slice and serve. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, crust, unsalted butter, butter crackers, sugar, egg, condensed milk
OUTPUT: TITLE: Key Lime Pie with Butter Cracker Crust | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, plus more for buttering the pie plate; 60 butter crackers, such as Ritz Crackers (about 2 sleeves); 2 tablespoons sugar; 1 large egg white; One 14-ounce can sweetened condensed milk; 2/3 cup fresh lime juice (from about 6 limes), plus 1/2 lime for garnish; Pinch kosher salt; 4 large egg yolks; Whipped cream, for serving | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: A piping bag with a star tip For the crust: Adjust an oven rack to the middle position and preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Butter a 9-inch pie plate. Put the crackers in a food processor and pulse until they form fine crumbs. Add the butter, sugar and egg white and pulse until the mixture comes together like wet sand (it should hold together when pinched). Transfer to the prepared pie plate and press evenly into the bottom and up the sides. Bake until lightly golden, about 10 minutes. Let cool completely. For the filling: Whisk together the condensed milk, lime juice, sal <END>
INPUT: bohemian, eggplants, shallots onion, garlic, Olive oil, water
OUTPUT: TITLE: Bohemian Eggplants | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 pounds firm eggplants; 2 shallots or white onion; 4 fresh garlic cloves; Olive oil; 1 cup water; 1.6 fluid ounces balsamic vinegar; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 ripe tomato, roughly chopped, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Take the skin off the eggplants then chop into small sticks. Remove the skin from the shallots and chop into small pieces. Do the same for the garlic. In a large pan over medium-high heat, add about 2 tablespoons olive oil. Once hot, add the shallots and cook until translucent. Next add most of the garlic, reserving the rest for later. Then add the eggplant, occasionally stirring the eggplant with a wooden spoon. From time to time, add a small amount of water. After about 20 minutes, deglaze the pan with balsamic vinegar and let cook for 1 minute. Remove the pan from the heat add more olive oi <END>
INPUT: syrup, water, sugar, honey, vanilla bean, Calimyrna figs
OUTPUT: TITLE: Figs and Dried Cherries Poached in Vanilla-Honey Syrup with Pistachios | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups water; 1/4 cup sugar; 1/2 cup honey; 1/2 vanilla bean, split in half lengthwise; 1 8-ounce package dried Calimyrna figs, stemmed, halved lengthwise; 1/3 cup dried tart cherries (about 1 3/4 ounces); 3/4 cup plain nonfat yogurt (optional); 3 tablespoons chopped unsalted natural pistachios | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine 2 cups water and sugar in heavy medium saucepan. Bring to boil over medium-high heat, stirring until sugar dissolves. Stir in honey. Scrape in seeds from vanilla bean; add bean. Add figs and bring to boil. Reduce heat to medium-low; cover and simmer 15 minutes. Add dried tart cherries; cover and simmer until figs and dried cherries are tender, about 10 minutes longer. Transfer fig mixture to bowl. Chill until cold, about 3 hours. (Fig mixture can be made 1 day ahead. Cover and keep refrigerated.) Discard vanilla bean. Divide fig mixture among 6 bowls. Top each serving with dollop of yo <END>
INPUT: pizza, robiola, active yeast, water, unbleached all purpose, fine sea salt, virgin olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pizza with Shaved Asparagus and Robiola | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 1/4 teaspoons active dry yeast (one 1/4-ounce envelope); 2 cups warm water (105 degrees F to 115 degrees F); 5 to 5 1/2 cups unbleached all-purpose flour, plus more for dusting, preferably organic; 2 teaspoons fine sea salt; Extra-virgin olive oil, for drizzling; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 16 ounces robiolo cheese, thinly sliced; 6 large spears fresh asparagus, trimmed and thinly shaved with a vegetable peeler; 2 cups shaved Romano (use a vegetable peeler); 1 teaspoon finely grated fresh lemon zest; 1/4 cup packed fresh flat-leaf parsley leaves, finely chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: Dissolve the yeast in the warm water in a large bowl and let stand for 5 minutes. Stir in 3 cups flour and the salt, stirring until smooth. Stir in an additional 2 cups flour; continue adding flour (up to 1/2 cup), 1 tablespoon at a time, stirring until the dough comes away from the bowl but is still sticky. Turn the dough out onto a lightly floured work surface, and knead with lightly floured hands. Start by slapping the dough onto the counter, pulling it toward you with one hand and pushing it away from you with the other. Fold the dough back over itself (use a bench scraper or a wide knife  <END>
INPUT: sambuca, olive oil, garlic, shallots, Monterey Bay prawns, Chardonnay wine
OUTPUT: TITLE: Prawns Sambuca | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 ounces olive oil; 1 tablespoon finely chopped garlic; 1 tablespoon finely chopped shallots; 16 Monterey Bay prawns; 3 ounces Chardonnay or dry white wine; 2 ounces liquorice liqueur; 1/4 cup diced tomatoes; 1 tablespoon finely chopped tarragon; Salt and pepper; 4 ounces sweet butter; 12 ounces linguini, cooked; 4 sprigs tarragon; 4 chives | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large saute pan, heat the oil over medium-high heat. Add the garlic, shallots, and prawns, and cook for 2 minutes. Remove the pan from the heat and add the wine and liqueur. Return the pan to the heat and carefully flambee. Add the tomatoes and tarragon and season with salt and pepper. Cook for 2 more minutes. Add the butter and reduce slightly. Add the cooked pasta and toss well. Garnish each serving with a tarragon leaf and chives.; <END>
INPUT: frittata, virgin olive oil, links hot Italian, bell pepper, Parmigiano Reggiano
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sausage and Pepper Frittata | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Extra-virgin olive oil; 3 links hot Italian sausage, removed from the casing and crumbled; 1 red bell pepper, 1/4-inch dice; 1 yellow bell pepper, 1/4-inch dice; 1 cup grated Parmigiano-Reggiano; 12 eggs, beaten with 1/4 cup water; Salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Coat a nonstick 10-inch saute pan with olive oil. Add the sausage and brown. Add the peppers and saute until they are soft. In a bowl, add the Parmigiano to the beaten eggs and season lightly with salt. Using a heat-proof rubber spatula, stir the eggs into the pan with the sausage and peppers. Stir the eggs to evenly distribute the sausage and peppers throughout the eggs. Once the eggs set on the bottom and around the sides of the pan, place the pan in the preheated oven for 7 to 8 minutes or until the eggs are cooked through. Remove from the pan. Cut into we <END>
INPUT: cupcakes, granulated sugar, all purpose flour, fluid buttermilk, fluid canola oil, cocoa powder
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate Cupcakes with a Chocolate, Orange and Clove Infused Ganache Filling and a Chinese Spiced T | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound granulated sugar; 10 ounces all-purpose flour; 8 fluid ounces buttermilk; 4 fluid ounces canola oil; 3 1/2 ounces cocoa powder, such as Valrhona; 1/2 fluid ounce Madagascar bourbon vanilla extract; 2 teaspoons baking soda; 1 teaspoon baking powder; 1 teaspoon fine salt; 2 eggs; Chocolate, Orange and Clove Infused Ganache Filling, recipe follows; Chinese Spiced Tea Buttercream, recipe follows; Chocolate curls, for garnish; Orange sugar crystals, for garnish; 1 pound granulated sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: food processor Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Line a cupcake pan with 24 regular-size cupcake liners. Combine the granulated sugar, flour, buttermilk, 8 fluid ounces water, oil, cocoa powder, vanilla extract, baking soda, baking powder, salt and eggs in a mixer and whisk on speed 1 until all the ingredients are incorporated. Scrape down the sides of the bowl with a spatula and mix on speed 2 until the batter is lump free. Fill the cupcake liners half full with the chocolate batter and bake for 25 minutes, rotating halfway through the bake time. Cool the cupcakes complete <END>
INPUT: crunch, sugar, light corn syrup, hot water, butter margarine, pecans
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pecan Butter Crunch | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups sugar; 1 cup light corn syrup; 1/2 cup hot water; 1 tablespoon butter or margarine; 2 cups pecans; 1 teaspoon vanilla flavoring; 2 heaping teaspoon baking soda | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook sugar, syrup and water until mixture thickens and bubbles (about 230 degrees). Add butter and pecans. Stir continuously and continue cooking until nuts begin to brown or start popping (290 degrees). Remove from heat. Add vanilla and soda and stir thoroughly. Pour quickly in several pieces on large buttered surface. Do not spread with knife or spoon. Allow to cool slightly. Stretch and pull with hands until very thin. (The thinner it is stretched, the more brittle it will be.) When cooled and hardened, break into small pieces. Store in airtight container. <END>
INPUT: layer, candy, unsalted butter, sifted cake flour, baking powder, salt, milk
OUTPUT: TITLE: Peppermint Layer Cake with Candy Cane Frosting | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 sticks unsalted butter, at room temperature, plus more for the pans; 2 cups sifted cake flour (sift first, then measure), plus more for dusting; 1 1/2 teaspoons baking powder; 3/4 teaspoon salt; 3/4 cup whole milk, at room temperature; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; 1/2 teaspoon peppermint extract; 1 1/2 cups sugar; 3 large egg whites, at room temperature; 1 1/2 cups sugar; 1/2 cup light corn syrup; 6 large egg whites; Pinch of salt; 1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract; 1/2 teaspoon peppermint extract | INSTRUCTIONS: Make the cake: Position racks in the middle and lower thirds of the oven and preheat to 350 degrees F. Lightly butter three 8-inch-round cake pans and line the bottoms with parchment paper; butter the parchment and dust with flour, tapping out the excess. Sift the flour, baking powder and salt into a medium bowl. Combine the milk and the vanilla and peppermint extracts in a small bowl; set aside. Beat the butter in a large bowl with a mixer on medium speed until smooth, about 1 minute. Gradually beat in 1 cup sugar, then increase the mixer speed to high and continue beating until light and flu <END>
INPUT: Indian, curry, onion, vegetable oil, ginger, garlic, cumin
OUTPUT: TITLE: Coconut Red-Lentil Curry | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 1 medium onion, finely chopped; 2 tablespoons vegetable oil; 1 tablespoon finely chopped peeled fresh ginger; 2 garlic cloves, finely chopped; 1 teaspoon ground cumin; 1/2 teaspoon ground coriander; 1 teaspoon turmeric; 1 teaspoon salt; 1 (2 1/2-inch) fresh jalapeño or serrano chile, finely chopped, including seeds; 2 cups water; 1 1/2 cups dried red lentils (10 oz); 1 (13- to 14-oz) can unsweetened coconut milk; 1 lb zucchini (2 medium), cut into 1/4-inch dice; 1 cup loosely packed fresh cilantro sprigs; Accompaniment: white rice | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook onion in oil in a 3 1/2- to 4-quart heavy pot over moderate heat, stirring occasionally, until edges are golden, about 6 minutes. Add ginger and garlic and cook, stirring, 1 minute. Add cumin, coriander, turmeric, salt, and chile and cook, stirring, 1 minute. Stir in water, lentils, and coconut milk, then simmer, covered, stirring occasionally, 5 minutes. Stir in zucchini and simmer, covered, until lentils and zucchini are tender, about 15 minutes. Season with salt and serve with cilantro sprigs scattered on top. Cook onion in oil in a 3 1/2- to 4-quart heavy pot over moderate heat, stirr <END>
INPUT: Matzo meal dredging, piece beef brisket, vegetable oil, unsalted butter, Spanish onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Beef Brisket | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Matzo meal for dredging; One 7-pound piece beef brisket; 3 tablespoons vegetable oil; 1 tablespoon unsalted butter; 1 large Spanish onion, sliced; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 4 cups cold water; 1 tablespoon pickling spice; 2 tablespoons whole-grain mustard | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 300 degrees F. Spread the matzo meal on a large piece of parchment paper or baking sheet. Dredge the brisket in the matzo meal and season generously with salt and pepper. Preheat a very large skillet over high heat. Add the oil and heat until very hot. Add the brisket and cook, turning once, until well-browned, about 7 minutes the first side, and 5 minutes the second side. Coat the inside of a large Dutch oven with a tight-fitting lid with the butter. Arrange the onions in an even layer on the bottom of the pot. Lay the brisket on the onions. Pour in the water, and sprinkle <END>
INPUT: rainbow, peppers, orange peppers, Spanish onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Rainbow Rice | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup green peppers; 1/2 cup red peppers; 1/2 cup yellow peppers; 1/2 cup orange peppers; 1 large Spanish onion; 3 tablespoons olive oil; Garlic powder; Ground black pepper; 1/2 pound mushrooms, sliced; 1 can sliced black olives; 1 cup rice | INSTRUCTIONS: Chop peppers and onions into small pieces. Saute peppers and onions in olive oil and season with garlic and black pepper. Add mushrooms and olives to the mix. Slow cook 1 cup of rice with water according to package instructions. When done add peppers, mushrooms, onions and olives. <END>
INPUT: stirfry, Thai serrano chiles, garlic, cilantro, vegetable oil, pork
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spicy Pork Stirfry | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 5 to 10 small Thai or serrano chiles, finely chopped; 7 cloves garlic, finely chopped; 1/4 cup chopped cilantro; 3 tablespoons vegetable oil; 1 pound ground pork; 2 tablespoons oyster sauce; 2 tablespoons fish sauce; 1 teaspoon palm sugar or brown sugar; 1/2 cup chicken stock; 1/3 cup thinly sliced basil leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine the chiles, garlic and cilantro in a small bowl and mix well. Heat the oil in a wok, swirling to coat the surface, add the chili mixture and stir-fry until garlic is aromatic, about 1 minute. Add the pork and stir fry, stirring often, until meat is cooked, about 5 minutes. Add the oyster sauce, fish sauce, sugar and chicken stock, toss and stir to combine and heat thoroughly. Stir in the basil leaves and immediately serve over rice. <END>
INPUT: fries, canola oil, fine sea salt, pepper, paprika, cayenne pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Yucca Fries | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 cups canola oil; 1 tablespoon fine sea salt; 1 teaspoon black pepper; 1 teaspoon paprika; 1 teaspoon cayenne pepper; 2 pounds fresh yucca; 1 lime zested | INSTRUCTIONS: In medium Dutch oven heat oil to 350 degrees F. Place all spices in mixing bowl, and combine thoroughly. Peel yucca tubes with heavy-duty vegetable peeler until bark is completely removed. Cut yucca into strips: 1/4-inch wide, 4 inches long. Add yucca into oil and fry until golden brown. With a slotted spoon remove the yucca from the oil and drain on paper towels. Season hot yucca fries with spice mixture and lime zest and serve on a warm paper-towel-lined platter. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, smokey, Pork loin rough, flour, virgin olive oil, Two sweet onions, Two roasted peppers
OUTPUT: TITLE: Big Rod's Dark and Smokey Chocolate Chili | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 3 lbs. Pork loin rough cut into 1/2" chunks; 1/2 cup flour; 1/2 cup extra virgin olive oil; Two large sweet onions thin sliced; Two large roasted red peppers peeled and chopped; Two large dried Ancho chilies stemmed and seeded soaked in hot water to cover for at least two hours. Throw the chilies and the soaking liquid in a bl; Two jalapeno peppers stemmed, seeded and finely chopped; 3 ounces dark unsweetened chocolate; 1/4 teaspoon cinnamon; 1/2 teaspoon cumin; 2 tablespoons chili powder; Plenty of Essence; 6 large cloves rough chopped garlic; four cups good beef or veal stock brought to a simmer on the stove while you cook the rest; Salt and Pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: In a heavy Dutch oven, on medium-high heat saute the onion, red pepper, and jalapeno until they are all well caramelized. Throw in the garlic and the spices then cook for another couple of min. set off the heat. Season the pork with salt, fresh ground pepper and plenty of essence. dredge the seasoned pork in the flour. Set the pot back on the flame. When it reaches full heat, throw in the coated pork with all the flour. Cook the mixture until the pork starts to render, the meat begins to brown, and the flour and oil have created a nice rich roux. add the chocolate and stir until it melts. Stir <END>
INPUT: Asian, mandarin, Canola oil, eggs, garlic, ginger, scallions
OUTPUT: TITLE: Traditional Mandarin Fried Rice | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: Canola oil; 3 eggs; 2 tablespoons minced garlic; 2 tablespoons minced ginger; 1 bunch chopped scallions, green and white separated; 1 lapchang, diced (Chinese sausage), can substitute with 4 strips of cooked bacon; 8 cups cooked, day-old long grain rice; 3 tablespoons thin soy sauce; 1/2 teaspoon white pepper; Salt to taste | INSTRUCTIONS: In a wok, add 2 tablespoons of oil and quickly soft-scramble the eggs. Remove the eggs. In the same wok, coat with oil and stir-fry garlic and ginger. Add white scallions and lapchang. Add rice and mix thoroughly. Add soy sauce, white pepper and scrambled eggs. Check for seasoning. Serve immediately. <END>
INPUT: American, david, cake, butter, granulated sugar, canola oil, light sugar, eggs
OUTPUT: TITLE: David's Favorite Carrot Cake with Pineapple Cream Cheese Frosting | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons butter; 1 1/2 cups granulated sugar; 1 cup canola oil; 1 cup light brown sugar; 4 large eggs, lightly beaten; 3 cups unbleached all-purpose flour; 1 1/2 cups shredded carrots; 1 1/2 cups shredded coconut; 1 cup chopped walnuts, plus more for garnish; 3 tablespoons ground cinnamon; 1 tablespoon almond extract; 1 tablespoon baking powder; 1/2 teaspoon salt; One 15-ounce can pineapple rings, drained (reserve the liquid for the frosting) and chopped into 1/2-inch pieces; 8 ounces cream cheese, at room temperature | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. For the cake: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Grease two 9-inch cake pans with the butter. In a large bowl, add the granulated sugar, oil, brown sugar and eggs and mix together. Add the flour, carrots, coconut, walnuts, cinnamon, almond extract, baking powder, salt and pineapple and fold the ingredients together. Pour the batter into the prepared pans and place the pans on a baking sheet. Bake until a toothpick inserted into the centers comes out clean, about 40 minutes. Place the cakes on a cooling rack until completely cooled, about an hour. For the frosting <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, cupcake, organic spinach, cake flour, baking powder, salt, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spinach Olive Oil Cupcake | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 1 3/4 cups fresh organic spinach; 2 cups cake flour; 1 teaspoon baking powder; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1 1/2 cups sugar; 3 organic eggs; 3/4 cup olive oil; 2 teaspoons organic lemon juice; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; 8 medium organic plum tomatoes; 3/4 cup white sugar; Pinch salt; 2 organic whole cloves; 1 organic cinnamon stick; 1 pound 2 ounces organic cream cheese | INSTRUCTIONS: For the cupcakes: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Prepare 2 cupcake pans with paper liners. Puree the spinach to measure 1 cup. Sift together the flour, baking powder and salt into a bowl. Blend the sugar and eggs until creamy in the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, add then add the oil, lemon juice, vanilla and spinach puree and blend to combine. Slowly add the dry ingredients and mix for 30 more seconds. Bake for 14 minutes, then let cool completely. For the tomato marmalade: Bring a pot of water to a boil. Add the tomatoes and boil until the skin starts coming off <END>
INPUT: salad, globe radishes, navel oranges, orange juice, orange flower water, confectioners' sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Orange and Radish Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 bunch large red globe radishes; 4 large navel oranges; 2 tablespoons freshly squeezed orange juice; 1 1/2 teaspoons orange-flower water; 1 teaspoon confectioners' sugar; 1 teaspoon freshly squeezed lemon juice | INSTRUCTIONS: Wash the radishes, cut off the green tops and the roots, and grate the radishes into a glass salad bowl. Peel the oranges and segment them, reserving 2 tablespoons of the juice. Place the orange segments in the bowl with the grated radish. Mix the remaining ingredients and the reserved orange juice together in a small bowl and pour the marinade over the radish and orange mixture. Cover with plastic wrap and set aside for 30 minutes so that the flavors mix. Serve at room temperature. <END>
INPUT: cranberry, relish, orange, apple, cranberries, celery, shelled walnuts
OUTPUT: TITLE: Apple-Orange-Cranberry Relish | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 orange; 1 medium apple (a sweeter variety such as Gala or Fuji); 3 cups fresh cranberries; 1 celery stalk, cut into 1-inch pieces; 1/2 cup shelled walnuts; 3/4 cup sugar; 1 tablespoon orange liqueur | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Grate the zest from the whole orange and set aside. Cut off any remaining pith from the orange. Cut the orange into chunks. Peel the apple and remove the core; cut into large pieces. In a food processor, combine the orange zest and chunks, apples, cranberries and celery and process until finely chopped; be careful not to process too long because the mixture will become mushy. Add the walnuts and pulse until chopped. Stir in the sugar and orange liqueur. Refrigerate until serving time, at least 2 hours and up to overnight. <END>
INPUT: cosmo, vodka, cranberry juice, orange liqueur, raspberry liqueur, lime juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Raspberry Cosmo | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 ounces vodka; 1 1/2 ounces cranberry juice; 1/2 ounce orange liqueur; 1/2 ounce raspberry liqueur; 1/2 ounce fresh lime juice; 4 to 5 ice cubes; Raspberry, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine the vodka, cranberry juice, orange liqueur, raspberry liqueur, lime juice and ice in a cocktail shaker. Shake, then pour into a martini glass. Garnish with a raspberry. <END>
INPUT: croquettes, olive oil, all purpose flour, wine, low salt chicken
OUTPUT: TITLE: Wine and Ham Croquettes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup (1/2 stick) butter; 5 tablespoons olive oil; 9 tablespoons all purpose flour; 3/4 cup dry white wine; 6 tablespoons low-salt chicken broth; 6 tablespoons whole milk; 1/4 teaspoon (generous) ground nutmeg; 1/2 cup finely chopped Serrano ham or prosciutto; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley; 2 large eggs, lightly beaten; 2 cups panko (Japanese breadcrumbs)*; Additional olive oil (for frying) | INSTRUCTIONS: Melt butter with 5 tablespoons oil in heavy large saucepan over medium heat. Add flour; stir 3 minutes. Gradually stir in wine, broth, milk, and nutmeg. Stir until mixture thickens, about 45 seconds. Add ham and parsley; cook until mixture is thick, stirring frequently, about 5 minutes. Season with salt and pepper. Cool completely, stirring occasionally. Spread ham mixture on plate. Refrigerate at least 2 hours and up to 4 hours. Place beaten eggs and panko in separate medium bowls. Shape ham mixture into 1-inch balls. Dip balls in egg, then coat with panko. Heat enough oil to come 1/2 inch up <END>
INPUT: sugar, water, mission figs, brandy apple juice, hazelnuts
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fig Jam | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup sugar; 1/2 cup water; 12 dried black mission figs; 3 tablespoons brandy or apple juice; 1/2 cup hazelnuts, toasted * see Cook's Note | INSTRUCTIONS: For the jam: In a small saucepan, combine the sugar, water, figs, and brandy (or apple juice) over medium heat. Bring to a boil, reduce the heat, and simmer for 5 minutes, stirring occasionally, until the sugar has dissolved. Remove the pan from the heat and allow the syrup to cool slightly, about 10 minutes. Pour into a food processor and add the hazelnuts. Blend until smooth and thick. *Cook's Note: To toast the hazelnuts: preheat a 350 degree F oven. Arrange the nuts in a single layer on a baking sheet. Bake for 8 to 10 minutes, until lightly toasted. Cool completely before using. <END>
INPUT: Asian, crusted, olive oil, Maui onions, sesame seeds
OUTPUT: TITLE: Maui Onion and Sesame Seed Crusted Seared Ahi | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons olive oil; 1 pound Maui onions, slide thin, for caramelizing; 4 (6 ounce) ahi tuna steaks, 2 inches thick; 12 ounces thinly sliced, dehydrated, and crushed Maui onions; 1 tablespoon white sesame seeds; 1 cup premium Jasmine rice; 1 Tahitian vanilla bean, split; 1 tablespoon finely chopped shallots; 1 tablespoon unsalted butter; 2 cups clam or fish broth; 2 cups apple cider vinegar; 1 cup balsamic vinegar; 2 cups filtered apple juice; 2 ounces unsalted butter, chilled and cubed; 4 ounces soy margarine, chilled and cubed | INSTRUCTIONS: To prepare ahi: In a heavy bottom saucepan over high heat, heat 2 tablespoons olive oil and add the sliced onion. Cook the onions, constantly stirring until onions caramelize. Set caramelized onions aside. Heat 1 tablespoon olive oil in a large skillet. Roll the tuna in the dehydrated and crushed onions and sesame seeds. Sear on all sides until browned and to desired doneness (rare to medium-rare doneness is recommended). To make Vanilla Bean Jasmine Rice: In a medium saucepot, cook rice over medium heat with vanilla bean, shallots, butter, and broth. Bring to a boil, reduce heat to medium-low <END>
INPUT: minute, frosting, coconut, Vegetable oil, cake flour, baking powder, kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Coconut Cake with 7-Minute Frosting | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 coconut (see Cook's Note); Vegetable oil, for cake pan; 14 1/4 ounces cake flour, plus extra for pans, approximately 3 cups; 1 1/2 teaspoons baking powder; 1 teaspoon kosher salt; 1/2 cup fresh coconut milk; 1/2 cup fresh coconut cream; 8 ounces unsalted butter, room temperature; 16 ounces sugar, approximately 2 1/4 cups; 1 teaspoon coconut extract; 4 egg whites; 1/3 cup coconut water; 3 large egg whites; 12 ounces sugar, approximately 1 3/4 cups; 1/3 cup coconut water | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. For the cake: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Lightly oil 2 (9-inch) cake pans. Line the bottom of each pan with parchment paper. Oil the parchment paper and then flour the pan. Set aside. Place the flour, baking powder and salt into a large mixing bowl and whisk to combine. Combine the coconut milk and coconut cream in small bowl and set aside. Place the butter into the bowl of a stand mixer and using the paddle attachment, cream on medium speed until fluffy, approximately 1 minute. Decrease the speed to low and gradually add the sugar slowly over 1 to 2 minu <END>
INPUT: whipped, heavy cream, sugar, vanilla bean paste
OUTPUT: TITLE: Vanilla Whipped Cream | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cups heavy cream; 2 tablespoons sugar; 1 teaspoon vanilla bean paste or vanilla extract | INSTRUCTIONS: Put the cream in the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with a whisk attachment. Whip until foamy and then add the sugar and vanilla bean paste or extract. Beat until soft peaks form. Be careful not to overbeat or the cream will become grainy. <END>
INPUT: Asian, rice, almond butter, chicken stock poaching, hoisin sauce, low sodium soy, piece ginger root
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spicy Almond Chicken and Rice | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup almond butter; 1/2 cup chicken stock/poaching liquid from Poached Chicken, recipe follows; 1/4 to 1/3 cup hoisin sauce; 1/4 to 1/3 cup low-sodium soy sauce or liquid aminos; 1-inch piece ginger root, grated; 2 cloves garlic, grated; 1 to 2 tablespoons Sriracha, optional; Juice of 1 lime; Black pepper; 2 tablespoons vegetable or stir-fry oil; 2 medium leeks or 1 yellow onion, halved and sliced 1/4-inch thick; 3 to 4 ribs celery, halved lengthwise and thinly sliced on an angle; 2 carrots, peeled and sliced into matchsticks; 1 to 2 red long, jalapeno or Fresno chiles, thinly sliced; 1/2 pound sugar snap peas or defrosted whole snap peas, thinly sliced on an angle | INSTRUCTIONS: In a small pot, loosen the almond butter over low heat, then add the stock, hoisin, soy sauce, ginger, garlic, Sriracha and lime juice, season with black pepper, bring to a bubble and simmer to let sauce thicken and flavors combine. Heat the oil over high heat in a large skillet. Add the leeks or onions, celery, carrots, chiles and snap peas and stir-fry to tender-crisp, 3 to 4 minutes. Add the water chestnuts and toss to combine. Add the sauce and chicken and toss to combine. Season with salt to taste. Cool and store for a make-ahead meal. Reheat quickly over medium-high heat when you are rea <END>
INPUT: pepper, tuna steaks, olive oil, shallots
OUTPUT: TITLE: Seared Tuna Pepper Steaks | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 1/4 teaspoons coarsely cracked black pepper; 2 1 1/4-inch-thick tuna steaks; 2 teaspoons olive oil; 1/4 cup (1/2 stick) unsalted butter; 1/4 cup chopped shallots; 3/4 cup canned low-salt chicken broth; 1/2 cup brandy | INSTRUCTIONS: Press 1/2 teaspoon cracked pepper onto each side of each tuna steak and sprinkle lightly with salt. Heat oil in heavy medium skillet over medium-high heat. Add tuna to skillet and sear until cooked to desired doneness, about 3 1/2 minutes per side for medium. Transfer tuna to plates; tent with foil to keep warm. Add butter and shallots to same skillet. Sauté over medium heat until shallots soften, about 3 minutes. Remove skillet from heat. Add broth, then brandy. Place skillet over high heat and boil until sauce is reduced to 1/3 cup, about 8 minutes. Season with salt and remaining 1/4 teaspoo <END>
INPUT: Asian, crisp, liters canola, English cucumber, vine ripened tomatoes, mayonnaise
OUTPUT: TITLE: Wonton Crisp with Cucumber Tobiko Caviar | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 3 to 4 liters canola, as needed for deep-frying; 12 (3-inch) square wonton skins cut in 1/2 on the diagonal with a pizza cutter into 24 triangles; 1 English cucumber, peeled and cut brunoise (julienne then cut crosswise into 1/16th-inch cubes); 2 vine ripened tomatoes, seeds removed and cut brunoise (julienne then cut crosswise into 1/16th-inch cubes); 1 tablespoon mayonnaise; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 tablespoons tobiko (green and orange caviar); 24 very small parsley sprigs | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat deep-fryer to 375 degrees F or as recommended by manufacturer for similar foods. Deep fry wonton skins until golden brown and drain on paper towels. Combine cucumber, tomatoes, and mayonnaise in a bowl and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Spoon a small amount on each fried wonton triangle and top with 1/4 teaspoon tobiko caviar. Finish with a parsley sprig. <END>
INPUT: water, Salt pepper, stone grits, butter, sharp cheddar cheese
OUTPUT: TITLE: Shrimp and Grits | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 cups water; Salt and pepper; 1 cup stone-ground grits; 3 tablespoons butter; 2 cups shredded sharp cheddar cheese; 1 pound shrimp, peeled and deveined; 6 slices bacon, chopped; 4 teaspoons lemon juice; 2 tablespoons chopped parsley; 1 cup thinly sliced scallions; 1 large clove garlic, minced | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Bring water to a boil. Add salt and pepper. Add grits and cook until water is absorbed, about 20 to 25 minutes. Remove from heat and stir in butter and cheese. Rinse shrimp and pat dry. Fry the bacon in a large skillet until browned; drain well. In grease, add shrimp. Cook until shrimp turn pink. Add lemon juice, chopped bacon, parsley, scallions and garlic. Saute for 3 minutes. Spoon grits into a serving bowl. Add shrimp mixture and mix well. Serve immediately. <END>
INPUT: Italian, stromboli, refrigerated pizza dough, virgin olive oil, lightly baby spinach, marinated artichoke hearts, Genoa salami
OUTPUT: TITLE: Artichoke-Salami Stromboli | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound refrigerated pizza dough, at room temperature; 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil, plus more for stretching; 6 cups lightly packed baby spinach (about 5 ounces); 1/2 cup chopped marinated artichoke hearts, drained; 4 ounces thinly sliced Genoa salami; 4 ounces thinly sliced provolone cheese; 2 tablespoons shredded parmesan cheese; 1/3 cup chopped walnuts; 4 stalks celery (with leaves), thinly sliced; Juice of 1/2 lemon; Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Put an inverted baking sheet on the lowest oven rack and preheat to 400 degrees F. Divide the pizza dough in half. Press and stretch 1 piece into an 8-by-10-inch rectangle on an oiled surface using oiled hands; brush with 2 teaspoons olive oil. Layer 1 cup spinach, half each of the artichokes, salami and provolone and 1/2 tablespoon parmesan on the dough, leaving a 1-inch border on the short sides and a 2-inch border on the long sides. Fold in the short sides, then the long sides, stretching to cover the filling; pinch at the seam. Repeat to make a second stromboli. Arrange the stromboli seam- <END>
INPUT: spring, Kosher salt, shelled English peas, sugar snap peas, snow peas, virgin olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spring Peas With Dates and Walnuts | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Kosher salt; 2 cups shelled fresh English peas or thawed frozen peas (about 10 ounces); 1 pound sugar snap peas, trimmed; 1/4 pound snow peas, trimmed and thinly sliced; 1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil; 1 medium shallot, thinly sliced; 1/4 cup chopped walnuts; 1/4 cup chopped pitted dates; Pinch of cayenne pepper; 2 teaspoons walnut oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil over high heat. Fill a large bowl with ice water. If using fresh English peas, add to the boiling water and cook until tender, about 1 minute. Add the snap peas and cook until bright green, about 2 minutes, then add the snow peas and cook 30 seconds. Drain the peas and plunge into the ice water to cool. Heat the olive oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Add the shallot and cook until soft, about 2 minutes. Add the walnuts, dates and cayenne and cook until the nuts are slightly toasted, about 1 more minute. Drain the peas, shaking off the ex <END>
INPUT: American, salad, vinaigrette, iceberg lettuce, Dijon mustard, wine vinegar, garlic, olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Wedge Salad with Grilled Grape Tomatoes and Blue Cheese Vinaigrette | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 head iceberg lettuce, cut into 4 wedges; 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard; 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar; 1 clove garlic, minced; 1/4 cup olive oil; 1 teaspoon sugar; 2 tablespoons blue cheese, crumbled; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1/2 pint grape tomatoes; 2 strips bacon, cooked until crispy and crumbled; 1/4 cup finely diced red onion | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Heat a grill or grill pan and place the lettuce wedges on a platter. Prepare the vinaigrette by briskly whisking together the Dijon, vinegar, and garlic. Drizzle in the olive oil while whisking to create an emulsion. Add the sugar and blue cheese, and whisk gently to mix. Season with salt and pepper to taste. Lightly oil the tomato slices, and season with salt and pepper. Grill until slightly charred on the outside and then transfer to the platter with the lettuce wedges. Pour the vinaigrette over the lettuce and tomato and top with bacon and red onion. <END>
INPUT: American, chess, all purpose flour, kosher salt, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Buttermilk-Lemon Chess Pie | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups all-purpose flour plus more; 1 teaspoon kosher salt; 1 teaspoon sugar; 3/4 cup (1 1/2 sticks) chilled unsalted butter cut into 1/2" cubes; 1/2 cup (or more) cold buttermilk; 1 1/2 cups sugar; 1/2 cup (packed) light brown sugar; 1 1/2 tablespoons yellow cornmeal; 1 tablespoon all-purpose flour; 5 large eggs, beaten to blend; 2/3 cup buttermilk; 1/2 cup (1 stick) unsalted butter, melted; 1 3/4 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 1 tablespoon freshly grated lemon zest; 2 teaspoons vanilla extract | INSTRUCTIONS: For crust: Mix flour, salt, and sugar in a food processor. Add butter; pulse until pea-size pieces of butter form. Add 1/2 cup buttermilk; pulse until moist clumps form, adding more buttermilk by tablespoonfuls if too dry. Form into a ball; flatten into a disk. Wrap in plastic and chill for 1 hour. Preheat oven to 350°F. Roll out dough on a lightly floured surface to a 14" round. Transfer to pie pan; gently press onto bottom and up sides of pan. Trim dough, leaving a 1" overhang; tuck overhang under. Crimp edges decoratively. Line with parchment paper or foil; fill with pie weights or dried be <END>
INPUT: apricots, olives, beef short, Kosher salt pepper, unbleached all purpose, vegetable oil, smoked bacon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Braised Short Ribs of Beef with Red Wine, Apricots, and Black Olives | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 8 beef short ribs (6 ounces each) or beef flanken; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 tablespoons unbleached all-purpose flour, for dusting; 2 tablespoons vegetable oil; 3 ounces smoked bacon, cut into 1 by 1/4-inch lardons; 2 medium carrots, peeled and chopped into 1/2-inch dice; 1 medium onion, chopped into 1/2-inch dice; 16 garlic cloves, smashed; 1 tablespoon tomato paste; 2 cups dry red wine; 1/2 cup brandy; 2 bay leaves; 1 tablespoon fresh thyme leaves; 1 teaspoon celery seeds; 2 cinnamon sticks | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Season the ribs with salt and pepper. Dust with the flour. Heat the oil in a large braising pan or ovenproof casserole over medium-high heat. Add the bacon and cook until most of the fat is rendered, then remove and set aside. Add as many ribs as can fit in a single layer to the pan. You will need to cook them in batches. Sear the ribs on both sides until well browned, then remove from the pan and set aside. Repeat with the remaining ribs. Discard all but 2 tablespoons of the fat from the pan. Lower the heat to medium, add the carrots and onions, season with  <END>
INPUT: American, sandwich, Cuban Roll, Mustard, Pickle, Roast Pork, Ham
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cuban Sandwich | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: Cuban Roll; Mustard; Pickle slices; Roast Pork; Ham; Swiss Cheese | INSTRUCTIONS: Slice roll lengthwise. Spread mustard on both sides. Arrange pickle slices. Top with roast pork, ham, and Swiss cheese. Grill 3 to 5 minutes on sandwich press until outside is crunchy. If no sandwich press is available you can press between two cutting boards or two pans.; <END>
INPUT: Asian, chicken thighs, salt, pepper, cornstarch, vegetable stock
OUTPUT: TITLE: Oyster Sauce Chicken with Bok Choy | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 6 boneless and skinless chicken thighs, cut into 2-inch cubes; Pinch salt; Freshly ground white pepper; 1 tablespoon cornstarch; 1/2 cup vegetable stock; 1 tablespoon cornstarch; 1 tablespoon oyster sauce; 1 tablespoon light soy sauce; 1 heaping teaspoon Guilin chili sauce; 1 tablespoon peanut oil; 1-inch piece fresh ginger, peeled and thinly sliced into coins; 1 tablespoon Shaohsing rice wine; 4 fresh shiitake mushrooms, sliced; 4 baby bok choy, white parts cut into 1-inch pieces leaving green parts whole; 2 large scallions, thinly sliced | INSTRUCTIONS: For the chicken: In a large bowl, sprinkle the chicken with salt and pepper. Add the cornstarch and toss to coat. For the sauce: In another smaller bowl, combine the stock, cornstarch, oyster sauce, soy sauce and chili sauce. Mix well and set aside. For the stir-fry: Heat a wok over high heat and, when the wok starts to smoke, add the peanut oil. Add the ginger and stir-fry for a few seconds. Then add the chicken, let settle for 1 minute, and then stir-fry for 3 minutes more. As the chicken starts to turn opaque, add the rice wine and stir-fry for 30 seconds. Stir in the reserved sauce and bri <END>
INPUT: baby potatoes, Salt, unsalted butter, dill
OUTPUT: TITLE: Boiled Potatoes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 pounds baby red potatoes; Salt; 3 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1 small bunch dill, finely chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring potatoes to a boil in well salted water. Cook until fork tender. Drain then return potatoes to the same pot you boiled them in. Toss with butter and dill. Season, to taste with salt. <END>
INPUT: paillard, beef tenderloin, Vegetable oil, Kosher salt, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Beef Paillard | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound beef tenderloin, trimmed; Vegetable oil; Kosher salt; Freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Place tenderloin in the freezer for 2 hours. Preheat the oven to 200 degrees F. Remove the tenderloin from the freezer. Using an electric knife, cut the beef into 3/8-inch thick slices. Place slices of beef, 1 at a time, between 2 pieces of plastic wrap. Squirt the beef lightly with water and squirt the top of the plastic wrap as well. Pound to no less than 1/8-inch thickness. Lightly brush each slice of beef on both sides with vegetable oil and season with salt and pepper on both sides. Set aside. Heat a large cast iron skillet over high heat for 3 to 4 minutes. Reduce heat to medium and turn <END>
INPUT: Italian, orzotto, virgin olive oil, onion, orzo pearl barley, wine, chicken stock low
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lemon-Basil Orzotto | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1 cup diced onion; 1 1/2 cups orzo or pearl barley; 1/2 cup dry white wine; 3 cups chicken stock or low-sodium broth; 1/2 cup frozen petite green peas; 1/3 cup grated Parmesan cheese; 2 tablespoons chiffonade fresh basil; 1 teaspoon lemon zest; 1/4 cup heavy cream; Juice of 1 lemon; Salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: In a heavy-bottomed medium saucepan, heat the olive oil over medium-high heat. Add the onion and saute until fragrant and translucent. Add the orzo and toast for 2 minutes, stirring occasionally. Add the wine and cook until absorbed. Gradually add the chicken stock, stirring frequently. Bring to a simmer, lower the heat, and cover. Cook for 8 to 10 minutes, until the liquid is almost absorbed and orzo is tender. Remove from the heat. Stir in peas, Parmesan, fresh basil, lemon zest, heavy cream, and lemon juice. Season the orzo with salt and pepper, to taste, and serve. <END>
INPUT: Vegetable oil, mahi mahi fillet, garlic, lemon, wine
OUTPUT: TITLE: Garlic-Lemon Mahi | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Vegetable oil, for sauteing; One 6- to 8-ounce mahi-mahi fillet; 1 tablespoon chopped garlic; 1 lemon, juiced; 1/4 cup white wine; 1-ounce unsalted butter, melted or cubed; Salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large saute pan, heat the oil. Add the mahi and cook until the underside is golden brown. Turn the fish over and add the garlic, lemon juice, and white wine. Once the wine and lemon juice have cooked down, add the butter. Finish cooking and season with salt and pepper. <END>
INPUT: strawberry, napoleons, unflavored gelatin, water, lemonade concentrate, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Strawberry Napoleons with Lemon Cream | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 teaspoon unflavored gelatin; 2 tablespoons cold water; 3/4 cup frozen lemonade concentrate, thawed; 6 tablespoons sugar; 6 tablespoons (3/4 stick) unsalted butter; 4 large egg yolks; 1 large egg; 1/2 cup chilled whipping cream; 5 fresh phyllo pastry sheets or frozen, thawed; 6 tablespoons (3/4 stick) unsalted butter, melted; 5 tablespoons sugar; 4 1/2 cups sliced hulled strawberries; 6 tablespoons sugar; Powdered sugar; 10 whole strawberries | INSTRUCTIONS: Make lemon cream: Sprinkle gelatin over cold water in small bowl; let stand until soft, about 10 minutes. Combine lemonade concentrate, sugar, butter, yolks and egg in medium metal bowl. Set bowl over saucepan of simmering water; whisk until candy thermometer registers 160°F., about 5 minutes. Remove from over water; whisk in gelatin mixture. Strain into large bowl. Set in larger bowl or ice water. Stir until mixture is cool and beginning to thicken but not set, about 10 minutes. Beat cream in medium bowl to firm peaks; fold into lemon mixture. Chill at least 4 hours. Sprinkle gelatin over col <END>
INPUT: Italian, crostini, Salt pepper, olive oil, soft goat cheese, milk ricotta cheese
OUTPUT: TITLE: Crostini with Ricotta and Goat Cheese | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: Salt and pepper; 24 (1/2-inch-thick) slices baguette bread; 3 tablespoons olive oil; 4 ounces soft fresh goat cheese; 1/4 cup whole milk ricotta cheese; 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh basil leaves; 2 teaspoons finely grated lemon peel | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Heat a grill pan over medium-high heat. Brush 2 tablespoons of olive oil over the bread slices. Grill the bread until golden brown, about 2 minutes per side. Stir the goat cheese, ricotta cheese, basil, lemon peel, and remaining 1 tablespoon of oil in a small bowl until smooth and creamy. Season, to taste, with salt and pepper. Spread the cheese mixture over the crostini. Arrange the toasts on a platter and serve. <END>
INPUT: Italian, Italian parsley, lemon peel, garlic, greens, penne
OUTPUT: TITLE: Penne with Green Olives and Feta | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup chopped fresh Italian parsley; 1 teaspoon finely grated lemon peel; 1 garlic clove, minced; 1 large bunch greens (such as spinach, mustard greens, kale, or broccoli rabe; about 1 pound), thick stems removed, spinach left whole, other greens c; 12 ounces penne; 5 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, divided; 1/2 cup coarsely chopped pitted Kalamata olives; 1/2 cup crumbled feta cheese (about 3 ounces) | INSTRUCTIONS: Mix parsley, lemon peel and garlic in small bowl; set aside. Bring large pot of salted water to boil. Add greens and cook just until tender, 1 to 6 minutes, depending on type of greens. Using skimmer or slotted spoon, transfer greens to colander to drain. Return water to boil. Add pasta and cook just until tender but still firm to bite, stirring occasionally. Drain, reserving 3/4 cup pasta cooking liquid. Return pasta to pot; add greens and 3 tablespoons oil and toss. Stir in olives, feta, and enough reserved pasta cooking liquid by 1/4 cupfuls to moisten. Season with salt and pepper. Transfer <END>
INPUT: American, meatloaf, baby Yukon Gold, olive oil, crimini, onion, sage
OUTPUT: TITLE: Buffalo Meatloaf with Spinach and Roasted Baby Potatoes | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound baby Yukon Gold or Dutch yellow potatoes; 5 tablespoons olive oil, divided; 1 1/2 cups chopped crimini (baby bella) mushrooms; 1 cup chopped red onion; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh sage; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh thyme; 1 pound ground buffalo meat; 1 large egg; 3/4 cup tomato sauce, divided; 1/2 cup panko (Japanese breadcrumbs)*; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/2 teaspoon cracked black pepper; 1/4 teaspoon dried crushed red pepper; 1 garlic clove, pressed; 2 5-ounce bags fresh spinach | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 375°F. Toss potatoes with 1 tablespoon oil in medium bowl. Place on 13x9-inch rimmed baking sheet or roasting pan. Sprinkle with salt. Roast 20 minutes. Meanwhile, heat 2 tablespoons oil in medium skillet over medium heat. Add mushrooms and onion; sauté until mushrooms are beginning to brown and onion is translucent, about 4 minutes. Remove from heat; mix in sage and thyme. Cool slightly. Mix buffalo, mushroom mixture, egg, 1/2 cup tomato sauce, panko, salt, and pepper in large bowl. Push potatoes to sides of baking sheet; shape buffalo mixture into 6x3-inch loaf in center of s <END>
INPUT: American, water, lemon, salt, sugar, roaster chicken
OUTPUT: TITLE: BBQ Rub-Roasted Chicken | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 8 cups water; 1 lemon, juiced and halves reserved; 1/2 cup salt; 1/2 cup sugar; One 7- to 8-pound whole roaster chicken; BBQ Rub, recipe follows, divided; 1 stick unsalted butter, room temperature; Serving suggestion: Lemon and Walnut Waffles, recipe follows; 1/2 cup light brown sugar; 1 tablespoon salt; 1 tablespoon garlic powder; 1 tablespoon onion powder; 1 tablespoon dried ground thyme; 1 tablespoon paprika; 2 teaspoons cayenne pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: a waffle iron (for Lemon and Walnut Waffles) In a bowl large enough to fit the chicken, combine the water, lemon juice and halves, salt, and sugar. Whisk until salt and sugar are dissolved. Add the chicken to the bowl, cover and refrigerate for at least 6 hours, or overnight. If the brine does not fully cover the chicken, rotate the chicken halfway through the brining process. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. In a small bowl add half of the BBQ Rub and the butter. Mix until well combined. Refrigerate for a few minutes if the butter begins to melt after mixing. Remove the c <END>
INPUT: American, sandwich, strip steak, garlic powder, salt, Canola oil, onions
OUTPUT: TITLE: Steak Sandwich with Onion Rings and Cheese Sauce | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: One 6-ounce strip steak; 1 teaspoon garlic powder; 1 teaspoon salt; Canola oil, for frying; 2 large onions, cut into 3/4-inch-thick rings; 2 cups buttermilk; 2 cups all-purpose flour; 1 teaspoon salt; Pinch cayenne; 1 stick (8 tablespoons) butter; 1/2 cup all-purpose flour; 1 quart whole milk, cold; 12 ounces fontina cheese, grated; 2 shots Tabasco sauce; 1 1/2 tablespoons Dijon mustard | INSTRUCTIONS: For the steak: Preheat a grill pan over medium-high heat. Sprinkle the steak on both sides with the garlic powder and salt. Place on the grill pan and cook for 5 to 7 minutes; flip and cook for an additional 3 to 5 minutes, until medium rare. Remove to a cutting board and set aside to rest. Slice the steak on the bias. For the onion rings: Fit a heavy-bottomed pot with a deep-frying thermometer and fill with 2 to 3 inches of oil. Heat the oil to 365 degrees F. Meanwhile, prepare one bowl with buttermilk and a second with flour, salt and cayenne. In batches, place the cut onion rings into the b <END>
INPUT: Mexican, bacon, onion, chili powder, cumin, ketchup
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chipotle Chili Cheese Dogs | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2 strips bacon, diced; 1 small onion, finely chopped; 2 teaspoons chili powder; 1 teaspoon ground cumin; 3 tablespoons ketchup; 1 15-ounce can pinto beans, drained and rinsed; 1 14.5-ounce can diced tomatoes; 3 tablespoons chipotle hot sauce, plus more for serving (optional); Vegetable oil, for the grill; 4 foot-long hot dogs; 4 soft hoagie rolls, split open; 4 ounces pepper jack cheese, shredded (about 1 cup); Sliced scallions and/or sour cream for topping (optional) | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook the bacon in a skillet over medium heat until slightly crisp, 3 to 4 minutes. Add the onion, chili powder and cumin and cook until the onion is soft, about 3 minutes. Stir in the ketchup and cook until it is slightly browned, 2 to 3 minutes. Add the beans, tomatoes, hot sauce and 1 cup water, cover and bring to a boil. Uncover and cook, stirring occasionally, until the mixture thickens, about 20 minutes. Meanwhile, preheat a grill to medium and brush with vegetable oil. Grill the hot dogs until marked, turning, about 10 minutes. Toast the rolls on the grill, if desired. Sprinkle the insid <END>
INPUT: cranberry, southern style, chicken, onions, cranberries, half half
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken-Cranberry Hash | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 1/2 cups frozen southern-style (cubed) hash brown potatoes (about 10 ounces); 1 1/2 cups diced cooked chicken; 1 cup thinly sliced green onions; 1/2 cup dried cranberries; 1/3 cup half and half; 1 teaspoon crumbled dried sage leaves; 2 tablespoons vegetable oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine potatoes, diced chicken, green onions, cranberries, half and half and sage in large bowl and toss to blend well. Season with salt and pepper. Heat oil in heavy medium skillet over medium heat. Add hash mixture and spread to even thickness. Cover skillet and cook 15 minutes, stirring up bottom of hash every 5 minutes. Uncover skillet, increase heat to high and cook until hash is golden brown and crusty, stirring occasionally, about 10 minutes. Transfer hash to plates and serve. Combine potatoes, diced chicken, green onions, cranberries, half and half and sage in large bowl and toss to b <END>
INPUT: Asian, chiles, beans, carrots, hot chilies
OUTPUT: TITLE: Green Beans and Carrots with Ginger and Chiles | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound green beans (preferably long beans); 2 medium carrots; 3 to 4 fresh hot green chilies; 1 (1-inch) cube fresh ginger; 1 (1-inch) cube fresh galangal, optional; 4 to 6 garlic cloves; 2 shallots, or 1/2 onion; 3 tablespoons vegetable oil; 8 to 10 fresh or dried curry leaves, or 2 bay leaves; 3/4 teaspoon salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Trim the beans and cut into 1-inch pieces. Peel the carrots and cut into 2-inch lengths, then cut each piece lengthwise into quarters and halve these. Finely chop the green chilies. Peel the ginger and cut into paper-thin slices. Stack a few slices together at a time and cut them into minute dice. If using fresh galangal, peel and dice it in the same way. Peel and finely chop the garlic and shallots. Set a wok over a high heat and swirl in the oil. When the oil is hot, put in the chilies, ginger, galangal, garlic, shallots, and curry (or bay) leaves. Stir and fry briefly until the spices start <END>
INPUT: Mexican, curried, coulis, egg, beer, baking powder, all purpose flour, flaked coconut
OUTPUT: TITLE: Coconut Shrimp with Curried Tomato, Lime and Roasted Garlic Coulis | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 large egg; 2/3 cup beer; 1 1/2 teaspoons baking powder; 3/4 cup all-purpose flour, divided; 2 cups flaked coconut; 24 large shrimp, peeled and deveined, tails on; 2 to 3 tablespoons vegetable oil, preferably canola; 1/3 cup roasted garlic, divided; 2 beefsteak tomatoes, chopped; 2 tablespoons fresh lime juice; 1 teaspoon curry powder; Salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: For the coconut shrimp: In a medium bowl, whisk together egg, beer, baking powder and 1/2 cup of the flour. Place remaining 1/4 cup flour in a shallow dish. Place coconut in a separate shallow dish. Dredge shrimp in flour and shake off excess. Dunk shrimp in beer mixture and turn to coat. Roll shrimp in coconut until all sides are coated. Heat the olive oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Add shrimp and cook 2 minutes per side, until cooked through or opaque. For the garlic coulis: In a food processor, combine 1/2 of the roasted garlic cloves (about 1/3 cup), tomatoes, lime juice, an <END>
INPUT: herb, salad, pistachios, fennel seeds, olive oil, Kosher salt, fennel bulb
OUTPUT: TITLE: Herb Salad with Pistachios, Fennel, and Horseradish | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons coarsely chopped pistachios; 1 tablespoon fennel seeds; 1 tablespoon plus 1/4 cup olive oil; Kosher salt; 1 small fennel bulb, thinly sliced lengthwise; 4 cups torn butter lettuce, romaine hearts, or Little Gem; 1 1/2 cups fresh parsley leaves with tender stems; 1/2 cup fresh tarragon leaves, torn if large; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh chives; 1 tablespoon finely grated lemon zest; 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 1 tablespoon grated peeled horseradish or; 2 tablespoons prepared horseradish; Freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Toss pistachios, fennel seeds, and 1 tablespoon oil in a small skillet over medium heat and cook, stirring occasionally, until fragrant, about 3 minutes. Season with salt. Transfer to a small bowl; let cool. Toss fennel, lettuce, parsley, tarragon, chives, lemon zest, and horseradish in a large bowl. Add lemon juice; season with salt and pepper and toss to coat. Add remaining 1/4 cup oil and toss to coat, then add half of pistachio mixture and toss just to combine. Season with salt, pepper, and more lemon juice, if desired. Serve salad topped with remaining pistachio mixture. Do ahead: Pistach <END>
INPUT: olive oil, carrots, pomegranate juice, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pomegranate-Glazed Carrots | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon olive oil; 1 pound carrots, cut diagonally into 1/4-inch-thick slices; 1 cup pomegranate juice; 1 (3-inch) cinnamon stick; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/8 teaspoon black pepper; 3/4 teaspoon coriander seeds, toasted and lightly crushed | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat oil in a 10-inch heavy skillet over moderate heat until hot but not smoking. Add carrots and saut, stirring occasionally, 5 minutes. Add pomegranate juice, cinnamon stick, salt, and pepper and simmer, uncovered, stirring occasionally, until carrots are tender and liquid is reduced to a glaze, 20 to 25 minutes. Add coriander seeds and cook, stirring, 1 minute. Discard cinnamon stick and serve carrots hot or at room temperature. Heat oil in a 10-inch heavy skillet over moderate heat until hot but not smoking. Add carrots and saut, stirring occasionally, 5 minutes. Add pomegranate juice, cin <END>
INPUT: American, cheesecake, graham cracker crumbs, Tbs. butter, sugar, packages cream cheese, vanilla extract
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pecan-Pie Cheesecake | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups graham-cracker crumbs; 6 Tbs. butter, melted; 1-1/3 cups sugar, divided use; 3 8-oz. packages cream cheese, softened; 2 tsp. vanilla extract; 3 eggs; 1 cup sour cream; 1 tsp. cornstarch; 1 baked and chilled Pecan Pie; Candied pecans, divided use; Sweetened whipped cream | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat oven to 350 degrees F. Place a 9-by-13-by-2-inch pan filled three-quarters with water on the bottom rack of the oven. Mix graham-cracker crumbs, butter and 1/3 cup of the sugar. Press crumb mixture firmly onto the bottom and 2-1/2 inches up the sides of a 10-inch springform pan. Set aside. Beat cream cheese, remaining 1 cup sugar and the vanilla in a large bowl of an electric mixer on high speed until well-blended. Add eggs one at a time, mixing on low speed after each addition just until blended. Add sour cream and cornstarch. Mix on low speed until blended. Pour 1-1/2 cups of the batter <END>
INPUT: Mexican, chili, canola oil, onions, turkey, garlic, packets taco seasoning
OUTPUT: TITLE: Turkey Taco Chili | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons canola oil; 2 yellow onions, diced small; 2 pounds lean ground turkey; 6 garlic cloves, minced; 2 packets taco seasoning mix; 2 (15.5 ounces) cans dark red kidney beans, drained and rinsed; 1 (28 ounces) can diced tomatoes, with juice; 1 cup whole milk; 2 cups low-sodium chicken broth; 1 cup cheddar cheese (optional); 1 cup chopped tomato (optional); Dollop of sour cream (optional); Reynolds® Slow Cooker Liner | INSTRUCTIONS: Line a 5-to 6-quart slow cooker with a Reynolds® Slow Cooker Liner. Open slow cooker liner and place it inside a slow cooker bowl. Fit liner snugly against the bottom and sides of bowl; pull top of liner over rim of bowl. In a large skillet, cook ground turkey and onions in oil, until meat is browned. Drain off any excess fat. Spoon browned turkey mixture into the lined slow cooker. Add garlic, taco seasoning, beans, tomatoes, milk and chicken broth to the slow cooker and gently stir with a rubber spatula to fully mix ingredients together. Cover and cook on low-heat setting for 7 to 8 hours or <END>
INPUT: granola, old fashioned rolled, almonds, unsweetened desiccated coconut, hulled pumpkin seeds, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Almond Coconut Granola | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 cups old-fashioned rolled oats; 2/3 cup sliced almonds; 1/2 cup unsweetened desiccated coconut; 1/3 cup hulled green pumpkin seeds or sunflower seeds; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/2 stick (1/4 cup) unsalted butter; 6 tablespoons honey; 1 cup mixed dried fruits such as raisins, cherries, and apricots | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 325 degrees F. In a large bowl stir together oats, almonds, coconut, pumpkin or sunflower seeds, and salt. In a small saucepan melt butter with honey over low heat, stirring. Pour the butter mixture over oat mixture and stir until combined well. In a large jelly roll pan spread granola evenly and bake in middle of oven, stirring halfway through baking, until golden brown, about 15 minutes. Cool granola in pan on a rack and stir in dried fruits. Granola may be kept in an airtight container at cool room temperature 2 weeks. <END>
INPUT: salad, corn, pimento, cumin, Salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Corn-Pimento Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups frozen or canned corn, thawed and/or drained; 4 ounces canned pimento, diced; 1 (4-ounce) can diced green chiles; 1 teaspoon ground cumin; Salt and ground black pepper; 1 tablespoon chopped parsley leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: In a medium bowl, combine corn, pimento, green chiles, and cumin. Mix well and season to taste with salt and black pepper. Garnish with fresh parsley. <END>
INPUT: chips, Vegetable oil, Handful, water, turmeric powder, kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Banana Chips | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Vegetable oil, for deep frying; Handful small (unripe) green bananas, peeled and cut into thin slices* (See Cook's Note); 1/2 teaspoon water; 1/4 teaspoon turmeric powder; 1/4 teaspoon kosher salt; Chile powder, to taste | INSTRUCTIONS: In a deep, heavy-based saucepan, pour enough vegetable oil to fill the pan about a third of the way. Heat over medium heat until a deep-frying thermometer inserted in the oil reaches 360 degrees F, or until a bread crumb sizzles, and turns golden brown when dropped in it. Caution: Hot oil can be dangerous - do not leave unattended. Add the slices of banana to the pan and, and using a slotted spoon, try to separate the chips from each other as they fry, otherwise they will stick together. Mix together the water, turmeric powder, and salt, in a small bowl. When the banana chips are beginning to  <END>
INPUT: Asian, Kosher salt, soba noodles, sesame oil, Peanut oil, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Soba Noodles with Edamame and Peanuts | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: Kosher salt; 8 to 9 ounces soba noodles (two-thirds of a 350g package); 1 teaspoon sesame oil; Peanut oil; 2 cloves garlic, smashed and finely chopped; 1-inch fresh ginger, peeled and finely grated; 1/2 jalapeno, seeds removed and finely chopped; 2 medium carrots, julienned (cut planks on a mandolin, then cut into strips); 1/4 pound shiitake mushrooms, stemmed and julienned; 1 cup shelled edamame; 3 scallions, white and green sliced on the bias; 2 tablespoons soy sauce; 2 tablespoons rice wine vinegar; 1/4 cup peanuts, coarsely chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Toss in the soba and swish them around with a pair of tongs so they don't stick together. Cook the noodles until they are soft, 5 to 6 minutes. Strain through a colander and immediately rinse with cold water. Transfer to a bowl and toss with the sesame oil. Coat a large straight-sided saute pan with peanut oil and toss in the garlic, ginger and jalapeno. Bring the pan to a medium heat and cook the garlic and ginger for 1 to 2 minutes. Toss in the carrots and 1/4 cup water and cook until the water has evaporated. Toss i <END>
INPUT: Mexican, tortilla, zucchini, boiling potatoes, olive oil, Spanish onion, eggs
OUTPUT: TITLE: Zucchini Potato Tortilla | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2 pounds zucchini (preferably small; 6 to 8); 2 pounds boiling potatoes; 1 1/2 cups olive oil; 2 1/2 cups chopped Spanish onion (1 pound); 10 large eggs; a 12-inch nonstick skillet | INSTRUCTIONS: Coarsely grate zucchini, then toss with 2 teaspoons salt and let stand 30 minutes. While zucchini stands, peel potatoes and cut into 1/3-inch dice. Heat oil in skillet over medium-high heat until hot, then add potatoes, onion, and 3/4 teaspoon salt. Reduce heat to medium-low and cook (without browning), uncovered, stirring occasionally, 30 minutes. Transfer zucchini to a colander to drain, then squeeze small handfuls to remove as much liquid as possible, transferring as squeezed to a small bowl. Add zucchini to potatoes and cook, stirring occasionally, until potatoes are tender and zucchini is <END>
INPUT: corn cob boxes, butter, celery greens, bell pepper, scallions
OUTPUT: TITLE: Creamy Corn | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 ears corn on the cob or 2 boxes frozen corn kernels, 10 ounces each; 2 tablespoons butter; 1 rib celery and greens, chopped; 1/2 small red bell pepper, chopped; 2 scallions, chopped; 2 tablespoons fresh thyme leaves; Salt and pepper; 1/2 cup half-and-half | INSTRUCTIONS: Scrape corn from cobs. Heat a medium skillet over medium heat. Add butter and chopped vegetables and lightly saute for 3 minutes, then add corn and season with thyme, salt and pepper. Cook 5 minutes, then add half-and-half. Cover and cook over medium low heat 10 minutes. Uncover and stir, then adjust seasonings. <END>
INPUT: spears, water, olive oil, roasted garlic oil, asparagus, Italian parsley
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Asparagus Spears | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 cups water; 2 teaspoons olive oil; 1 1/2 teaspoons roasted garlic oil or olive oil; 1 1/2 pounds large asparagus, trimmed; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh Italian parsley | INSTRUCTIONS: Prepare barbecue (medium-high heat). Combine water, olive oil and roasted garlic oil in large bowl. Add asparagus to water mixture and toss to coat. Let stand 5 minutes. Drain. Season with salt and pepper. Grill asparagus until crisp-tender, turning frequently, about 6 minutes. Transfer to platter. Sprinkle with parsley. Prepare barbecue (medium-high heat). Combine water, olive oil and roasted garlic oil in large bowl. Add asparagus to water mixture and toss to coat. Let stand 5 minutes. Drain. Season with salt and pepper. Grill asparagus until crisp-tender, turning frequently, about 6 minutes <END>
INPUT: Mexican, pizzas, piece prosciutto, onion, olive oil, four flour tortillas
OUTPUT: TITLE: Arugula and Prosciutto Tortilla Pizzas | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: a 1/4-pound piece of prosciutto, cut into 1/4-inch dice (about 2/3 cup); 1 medium red onion, chopped fine (about 1 cup); 1/4 cup olive oil; 2 bunches, arugula, coarse stems discarded and the rest washed well, spun dry, and chopped (about 2 cups); four 8 1/2-inch flour tortillas; 2/3 cup freshly grated Parmesan cheese (about 3 ounces) | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 400°F. Preheat oven to 400°F. In a medium heavy skillet cook prosciutto and onion in oil over moderate heat, stirring, until onion is softened. Remove skillet from heat and stir in arugula and salt and pepper to taste. Arrange flour tortillas on 2 baking sheets and top with arugula mixture and Parmesan. Bake pizzas on upper and lower racks of oven, switching positions of baking sheets halfway through baking, until edges are golden, about 10 minutes. In a medium heavy skillet cook prosciutto and onion in oil over moderate heat, stirring, until onion is softened. Remove skillet f <END>
INPUT: mousse, wet sea scallops, egg whites, kosher salt, pepper, nutmeg
OUTPUT: TITLE: Scallop Mousse | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound wet sea scallops, muscle removed, rinsed and patted dry; 2 egg whites; 1 teaspoon kosher salt; 1/4 teaspoon white pepper; 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground nutmeg; 1/2 teaspoon lemon zest; 1/2 teaspoon chopped fresh parsley leaves; 1/4 cup heavy cream, very cold; 35 to 40 mini phyllo shells | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Place the scallops into the bowl of a food processor and pulse 4 to 5 times. Add the egg whites and pulse until combined. Scrape down the sides of the bowl and add the salt, pepper, nutmeg, lemon zest and parsley. Pulse to incorporate. With the machine running, slowly add all of the cream. Scrape down the sides of the bowl 1 last time, put the lid back on and run for 5 more seconds. Place the mousse into a pastry bag or a zip top bag with the tip snipped off and pipe into mini phyllo shells. Bake for 10 minutes. Allow to cool 2 to 3 minutes before serving. <END>
INPUT: American, skillet, olive oil, onions, butternut squash, thyme, pepper flakes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Skillet Phyllo Pie With Butternut Squash, Kale, and Goat Cheese | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons olive oil, plus more for brushing; 2 medium red onions, finely chopped; 1/2 small butternut squash (about 1 pound), peeled, cut into 3/4-inch pieces; 1 1/2 teaspoons chopped thyme; 1/2 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes; 1 bunch Tuscan kale, ribs and stems removed, thinly sliced crosswise; 2 large eggs, beaten to blend; 3 ounces Parmesan, grated; 1 teaspoon finely grated lemon zest; Kosher salt, freshly ground pepper; 8 ounces frozen phyllo pastry, thawed (half a 1-pound package); 4 ounces fresh goat cheese or feta, crumbled | INSTRUCTIONS: Place a rack in lower third of oven; preheat to 400°F. Heat 3 Tbsp. oil in a large ovenproof skillet over medium. Add onions and cook, stirring occasionally, until softened but not browned, 6–8 minutes. Add squash and cook, stirring occasionally, until almost tender, 8–10 minutes. Mix in thyme and red pepper flakes and transfer to a medium bowl; let cool. Wipe out and reserve skillet. Add kale, eggs, Parmesan, and lemon zest to squash mixture and gently mix to combine; season with salt and pepper. Layer phyllo sheets inside reserved skillet. Spoon kale-and-squash mixture into phyllo and dot to <END>
INPUT: turkey, gumbo, celery, onions, bell pepper, canola oil, olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Turkey Gumbo | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 stalks celery, chopped; 3 small yellow onions, chopped; 1 large green bell pepper, seeded and chopped; 3/4 cup canola oil; 3 tablespoons olive oil; 1 1/3 cups all-purpose flour; 16 ounces andouille sausage, sliced into thin rounds; 1 small red bell pepper, seeded and chopped; 8 cloves garlic, minced; 8 to 10 cups chicken stock or low-sodium chicken broth, as needed; 2 tablespoons fresh thyme leaves, chopped; 1 1/2 teaspoons cayenne pepper; 1/4 cup hot sauce, preferably Crystal; 1/4 cup Worcestershire sauce; 2 teaspoons kosher salt, as needed | INSTRUCTIONS: In a food processor, combine 1/4 cup chopped celery, 1/4 cup chopped onion, and 1/4 cup chopped green bell pepper. Process until smooth. In a small bowl, combine 1/2 cup of the canola oil with the olive oil and whisk to combine. Transfer to a heavy medium saucepan or Dutch oven, add the flour, and place over moderate heat. Cook the mixture, stirring slowly and constantly, until the roux is dark brown, 20 to 25 minutes. Add the puréed vegetables, and stir to combine. Cover and reserve. In a heavy large pot over moderate heat, warm the remaining 1/4 cup canola oil. Add the andouille sausage and  <END>
INPUT: sizzling, olive oil, garlic, pepper flakes, coarse salt, shrimp
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sizzling Garlic Shrimp | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup olive oil; 2 teaspoons finely chopped garlic; 2 teaspoons crushed red pepper flakes; 2 teaspoons coarse salt; 48 medium shrimp, peeled and deveined; Flat-leaf parsley, chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: Divide oil, garlic, red pepper flakes, and salt evenly among 4 small shallow earthenware or ceramic flameproof ramekins. Divide shrimp into 4 groups of 12. One at a time or all at once, heat the ramekins over high heat until the oil sizzles, 1 to 1 1/2 minutes. Add shrimp, and cook just until pink, about 2 minutes. Immediately remove crocks from heat, sprinkle shrimp with parsley, and serve immediately. <END>
INPUT: skillet, roast, olive oil, chicken, Kosher salt, fennel bulb, parsnips
OUTPUT: TITLE: Skillet Roast Chicken with Fennel, Parsnips, and Scallions | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons olive oil, divided; 1 3 1/2–4-pound chicken; Kosher salt, freshly ground pepper; 1 fennel bulb, sliced lengthwise 1/2" thick; 2 large parsnips, peeled, sliced 1/2" thick on the diagonal; 1 bunch scallions; 3 wide strips lemon zest; Lemon wedges (for serving) | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 425°. Heat 1 tablespoon oil in a large ovenproof skillet over medium-high. Season chicken inside and out with salt and pepper and cook, breast side down, until a beautiful golden brown. Use tongs to gently rotate chicken, being careful not to tear skin, and brown on all sides, 12–15 minutes total; transfer to a plate. Reserve skillet. Toss fennel, parsnips, scallions, and lemon zest in skillet with remaining 2 tablespoons oil; season with salt and pepper. Place chicken, breast side up, on top of vegetables. Roast until an instant-read thermometer inserted into the thickest part <END>
INPUT: Mexican, canola oil, garlic, onion, long grain rice, kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Garlic Cilantro Lime Rice | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon canola oil; 3 cloves garlic, minced; 1 large onion, chopped; 2 cups long-grain rice; 1 teaspoon kosher salt; 3 to 4 cups low-sodium chicken broth; Juice of 3 limes and zest of 2 limes (hold back juice of 1 lime for garnish); Chopped fresh cilantro, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Heat the oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Add the garlic and onions and cook for 3 to 4 minutes. Reduce the heat to low and add the rice and salt. Cook over a low heat for 3 minutes, stirring constantly to make sure the rice doesn't burn. Add 2 cups of the broth and the juice and zest of 2 limes and bring it to a boil. Reduce the heat to low, cover and simmer for 10 to 15 minutes or until the rice is done. Add more liquid as needed. The rice shouldn't be sticky. Just before serving, stir through the juice of 1 lime and lots of chopped cilantro. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, soup, corn tortillas, Chicken bones, onion, tomatoes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spicy Tortilla Soup | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 8 corn tortillas; 2 (32-ounce) boxes or cans low-sodium chicken broth; Chicken bones, reserved from Day 2; 1 large red onion, coarsely chopped; 2 large tomatoes, diced; 2 medium jalapenos, sliced; 1 lime, juiced; 2 ears grilled corn, reserved from Day 1; 1/2 cup fresh cilantro leaves, coarsely chopped; 1 ripe avocado, peeled and cubed; 8 ounces crumbled feta, queso fresco, or other fresh white cheese | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat oven to 350 degrees F. Cut tortillas into 1/2-inch-thick strips and arrange them on a cookie sheet in a single layer. Bake them 5 to 10 minutes, or until crispy. In a large saucepan, bring the chicken broth and chicken bones to a boil. Reduce heat to low; cover and simmer for 20 minutes. Place a colander over a second large saucepan and strain the broth through it. When the bones are cool enough to handle, pick off the remaining meat and add it to the strained broth. Stir in the onion, tomatoes, jalapenos, and lime juice. Heat about 5 minutes more to blend flavors. Cut the corn from the c <END>
INPUT: praline, bacon, sugar, chili powder, pecans
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pecan Praline Bacon | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound thick-cut bacon (about 12 slices); 3 tablespoons sugar; 1 1/2 tablespoons chili powder; 1/4 cup pecans, chopped fine | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 425°F. On rack of a large broiling pan arrange bacon slices in one layer and cook in middle of oven 10 minutes, or until it just begins to turn golden. In a small bowl stir together sugar and chili powder. Remove pan from oven and sprinkle bacon with sugar mixture and pecans. Return pan to oven and cook until bacon is crisp and browned, about 5 minutes. Transfer bacon, praline-sides up, to paper towels to drain. Preheat oven to 425°F. On rack of a large broiling pan arrange bacon slices in one layer and cook in middle of oven 10 minutes, or until it just begins to turn golden.  <END>
INPUT: Asian, soup, star anise, water, piece ginger, low salt chicken, soy sauce
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roast Chicken Noodle Soup with Chrysanthemum | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 3 whole star anise; 3 cups water; 1 2-inch piece fresh ginger, peeled, sliced into thin rounds; 6 cups low-salt chicken broth; 2 tablespoons soy sauce; 2 teaspoons sugar; 3 tablespoons vegetable oil; 3 garlic cloves, thinly sliced; 2 bunches chrysanthemum, bottoms trimmed, upper stems and leaves cut into 2-inch strips (about 5 cups); 1 14-ounce package thin fresh or dried Chinese egg noodles; 2 1/2 cups 1/2-inch cubes skinned and boned freshly roasted or purchased roast chicken (about 2/3 pound); 1/4 large onion, sliced paper-thin; 3 red Thai bird chiles or 1 large red jalapeño chile, sliced into thin rounds | INSTRUCTIONS: Stir star anise in heavy large saucepan over medium heat until slightly darker, wrinkled-looking, and fragrant, about 8 minutes. Add 3 cups water and ginger; simmer 15 minutes. Add broth, soy sauce, and sugar; simmer 15 minutes. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Stir oil and garlic in small skillet over low heat until garlic is crisp and golden, about 8 minutes. Set garlic oil aside. Blanch chrysanthemum in large pot of boiling salted water until just wilted, about 5 seconds. Using strainer, transfer greens to colander. Rinse with cold water and drain. Return water in pot to boil. Add nood <END>
INPUT: Asian, vegetable oil, chicken, Kosher salt, Yukon Gold potatoes, onions
OUTPUT: TITLE: Massaman Chicken | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon vegetable oil; 1 4–4 1/2-pound chicken, cut into 10 pieces; Kosher salt; 4 medium Yukon Gold potatoes (about 1 1/2 pounds), quartered; 2 medium red onions, cut into wedges; 3/4 cup prepared massaman curry paste; 12 ounces Belgian-style wheat beer; 4 13.5-ounce cans unsweetened coconut milk; 2 cups low-sodium chicken broth; 1/2 cup fish sauce; 1/4 cup fresh lime juice; 1 tablespoon palm or light brown sugar; 1 teaspoon red chile powder; Freshly ground black pepper; Cilantro sprigs, fried shallots, and cooked rice (for serving) | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat oil in a large heavy pot over medium-high heat. Season chicken with salt and cook in batches, skin side down, until golden brown (do not turn), 8–10 minutes; transfer to a plate. Cook potatoes in same pot, turning occasionally, until brown, 8–10 minutes; transfer to another plate. Cook onions in pot, stirring occasionally, until golden brown, 5–8 minutes; transfer to plate with potatoes. Add curry paste to pot and cook, stirring, until fragrant, about 4 minutes. Add beer. Bring to a boil, reduce heat, and simmer until reduced by half, 5–7 minutes. Add chicken, coconut milk, and broth. Bri <END>
INPUT: dark roast coffee, Special single Vietnamese, Ingredient Café Du
OUTPUT: TITLE: Vietnamese Ice Coffee | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons dark-roast ground coffee (preferably Trung Nguyen Premium Blend or Café Du Monde Coffee with Chicory); 2 tablespoons (scant) sweetened condensed milk; Special equipment: A single-cup Vietnamese metal coffee filter set; Ingredient info: Café Du Monde Coffee with Chicory can be found at cafedumonde.com. The metal filter (phin) and Trung Nguyen coffee can be found at tr | INSTRUCTIONS: There are two ways to make Vietnamese coffee. The simplest method is to steep coffee grounds in a heatproof container with 2/3 cup boiling water for 4 minutes. Pour through a coffee filter into a heatproof glass. Or use a metal filter, which we recommend. Bring 1 cup water to a boil. Remove top screen from filter, add coffee, then screw on top screen. Place filter over a heatproof 12-ounce glass or measuring cup. Pour a splash of the hot water into filter; this will allow the coffee grounds to bloom. When coffee begins to drip through, add enough water to reach top of filter. Place lid on filt <END>
INPUT: roast, potatoes, semolina, goose fat, Goose fat is
OUTPUT: TITLE: Perfect Roast Potatoes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 lbs medium potatoes; 2 tablespoons semolina; 2 cups goose fat*; *Goose fat is available on amazon.com, but Crisco is a good substitute | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to the hottest possible temperature. I do this as soon as the turkey is out of the oven, which (for me) is very much later than the parboiling stage, but let's start with the oven since you may be cooking in different circumstances, or prefer different procedures. Peel the potatoes, and cut each one into three by cutting off each end at a slant so that you are left with a wedge or triangle in the middle. Put the potatoes into salted cold water in a saucepan, and bring to a boil, letting them cook for 4 minutes. Drain the potatoes into a colander and then tip back into the empt <END>
INPUT: crisp, golden pineapple, dark rum, almonds, light sugar, cinnamon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pineapple Crisp | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 golden pineapple, peeled, cut in half, cored, and sliced into half moons; 1/3 cup dark rum; 1 cup sliced almonds; 3 tablespoons light brown sugar; 1/4 teaspoon cinnamon; Pinch ground ginger; 3 tablespoons flour; 3 tablespoons butter | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook and caramelize pineapples in non-stick pan until softened. Add rum and cook off alcohol. Pulse almonds, light brown sugar, cinnamon, ginger, flour, and butter in food processor. Fill 5-inch round gratin dishes with cooked pineapple and top with crisp mixture. Cook in a preheated 400-degree oven until brown and bubbly on top, about 10 to 12 minutes. <END>
INPUT: cake flour, baking powder, cinnamon, salt, bourbon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Bourbon Pecan Cake | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 2/3 cups cake flour; 2 1/4 teaspoons baking powder; 3/4 teaspoon cinnamon; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/2 cup bourbon; 1/2 cup milk; 1 1/2 teaspoons vanilla extract; 8 tablespoons (1 stick) butter; 1/2 cup coconut oil; 2 cups granulated sugar; 4 eggs, separated; 3/4 cup pecans, chopped and toasted; 1/4 teaspoon cream of tartar; 1 cup confectioners' sugar; 1 tablespoon bourbon | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. For the cake: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Whisk together the flour, baking powder, cinnamon and salt in a medium bowl and set aside. Combine the bourbon, milk and vanilla in a separate bowl (it may get clumpy looking--that's ok) and set aside. In a stand mixer fitted with a paddle attachment, cream the butter and coconut oil until fluffy, about 1 minute. Add 1 3/4 cups of the granulated sugar and beat until fluffy, about 1 more minute. Add the egg yolks one at a time, mixing well between additions. Add the dry ingredients in four batches, alternating with  <END>
INPUT: Italian, puree, bacon, onions, Salt pepper, thyme, roasted garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Garlic and White Bean Puree with Thai Basil Shrimp Salad | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 4 slices bacon; 2 large onions, roughly chopped; Salt and black pepper; 1 tablespoon fresh minced thyme; 4 heads roasted garlic, cloves squeezed out (Oven roasted: tops cut off, drizzled with olive oil, seasoned, wrapped in foil, roasted at 350 degrees F ; 2 cups white beans, soaked in water overnight, drained; 8 cups chicken stock; 4 large croutons; Thai Basil Shrimp Salad, recipe follows; 1/2 pound rock shrimp; Canola oil, to cook; 2 limes, juiced; 2 minced Thai bird chiles; 1 minced shallot; 1 tablespoon fish sauce | INSTRUCTIONS: In a casserole on medium heat, cook the bacon crisp then drain on paper towels. Leave bacon fat in casserole and add onions to brown, 6 to 8 minutes. Season and add thyme, roasted garlic, and beans. Stir, then add stock and chopped bacon, and bring to a boil. Check for flavor. Place cover ajar and simmer for 45 minutes until beans are very soft. Using a hand blender, puree the soup until smooth. Check again for seasoning. In a large pasta bowl, ladle soup and place crouton in the center. Place a small mound of the salad on the crouton and garnish with basil chiffonade. Wine Recommendation: Gro <END>
INPUT: Mexican, margarita, coarse salt, lime, Ice cubes, orange flavored liqueur
OUTPUT: TITLE: Blue Margarita | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 teaspoon coarse salt; 1 lime, cut into wedges; Ice cubes; 4 ounces (1/2 cup) tequila; 1 ounce orange-flavored liqueur (recommended: triple sec); 1/4 cup fresh lime juice; 2 ounces blue curacao; 1 teaspoon superfine sugar; 2 slices star fruit (1/4-inch thick), for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Place the salt into a shallow dish larger than the diameter of the glass you are using. Rub each of 2 glasses with lime wedge. Dip the rim of each glass in the salt, and rotate gently to coat evenly. Set the glasses aside. Fill a cocktail shaker halfway with ice. Add the tequila, orange liqueur, lime juice, blue curacao, and sugar. Shake hard for 30 seconds. Fill the prepared glasses with ice cubes. Strain the margarita mixture into the glasses. Garnish with star fruit or a lime wedge. <END>
INPUT: water, sugar, salt, lamb shanks, Salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lamb Shanks | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 gallon water; 1/2 cup sugar; 1/2 cup salt; 4 to 6 lamb shanks; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; Granulated garlic, to taste; All-purpose flour, to coat; 2 to 3-ounces virgin olive oil; 1 (96-ounce) can crushed tomatoes; 2 carrots, chopped; 3 celery stalks, chopped; 1 large yellow onion, chopped; 1 bulb fresh fennel, chopped; 4 cloves garlic, chopped; 1 cup red wine | INSTRUCTIONS: For the brine: Place the water, sugar, and salt into a large container. Carefully add the lamb shanks and soak for 24 hours. Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Remove shanks from the brine and pat dry. Season with salt, pepper, and garlic, to taste. Coat shanks with flour and saute in 2 to 3-ounces of virgin olive oil in a medium saute pan over medium-high heat until golden brown, about 5 minutes each side. Place the shanks in a roasting pan with the crushed tomatoes. In same saute pan that the shanks were seared in, saute the carrots, celery stalks, onion, fresh fennel and garlic until tender, ab <END>
INPUT: Indian, salad, cherry, lentils, wine vinegar, bacon, olive oil, shallot
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spinach and Lentil Salad with Oregon Blue Cheese and Tart Cherry Vinaigrette | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 cup green lentils; 7 tablespoons red-wine vinegar; 8 bacon slices (about 6 ounces); 1/4 cup olive oil; 1/3 cup finely chopped shallot; 1/4 cup water; 1/2 cup dried unsweetened tart cherries (about 3 ounces); 2 tablespoons sugar; 3 1/2 cups baby or regular spinach leaves; 1/3 cup blue cheese (about 2 ounces), preferably Oregon Blue | INSTRUCTIONS: In a heavy saucepan cover lentils with water by 2 inches and simmer until just tender but not falling apart, about 15 minutes. Drain lentils well in a sieve. Rinse lentils under cold running water to stop cooking and drain well. In a bowl toss lentils with 2 tablespoons vinegar and salt and pepper to taste. (Lentils may be made 2 days ahead and chilled, covered. Bring lentils to room temperature before proceeding.) In a skillet cook bacon over moderate heat until crisp and with tongs transfer to paper towels to drain. Crumble bacon. In cleaned saucepan heat 2 tablespoons oil over moderate heat <END>
INPUT: Mexican, skewers, vinaigrette, Rioja wine, vinegar, Dijon mustard, honey, olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lamb, Roasted Shallot and Chorizo Skewers with Rioja Vinaigrette | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 bottle Rioja wine; 1/4 cup red vinegar; 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard; 1 teaspoon honey; 2 tablespoons olive oil; Salt and freshly ground pepper; 1 head garlic, peeled and crushed; 1 cup olive oil; 4 rosemary sprigs; 2 pound lamb loin, cut into 1-inch pieces; 1/2 pound chorizo, sliced 1/4-inch thick; 16 small shallots, roasted | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: 8 bamboo skewers, soaked in water for 2 hours In a medium stainless steel saucepan reduce the wine to 1/4 cup. Place the syrup in a blender and add the vinegar, mustard, and honey and blend until combined. With the motor running slowly add the olive oil and blend until emulsified. Season with salt and pepper to taste. In a large bowl, combine the garlic, olive oil, rosemary and lamb and marinate for 4 to 6 hours in the refrigerator. Prepare the grill. Thread the lamb cubes, chorizo and roasted shallots on the skewers and season with salt and pepper to taste. Grill for 2 to 3 <END>
INPUT: Mexican, recipe, cakes, rice mixture, breadcrumbs, egg, Kosher salt pepper, canola oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Round 2 Recipe - Rice Cakes with Creamy Cilantro Sauce | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups rice mixture, chilled, reserved from Cuban Chicken and Rice; 1 cup breadcrumbs; 1 egg; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1/4 cup canola oil, for frying; 1/2 cup fresh cilantro leaves; 1 tablespoon red wine vinegar; 1/2 teaspoon chopped garlic; 2 tablespoons sour cream; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: For the rice cakes: In a bowl, combine the rice, breadcrumbs, egg, and season with salt and pepper. Mix together until well until incorporated. Take 1/4 cup of the rice mixture and form into 1/2-inch thick patty. Set aside while you form the other 3 patties. In a nonstick skillet over medium heat, add the oil. When it is hot, fry the rice cakes in batches until they are golden brown and crispy, 3 to 4 minutes per side. Drain on a brown paper bag. For the creamy cilantro sauce: In the bowl of a food processor, add the cilantro, vinegar, garlic, and sour cream and process to combine. Taste and a <END>
INPUT: wine, water, vanilla bean, lemon juice, pears
OUTPUT: TITLE: Poached Pears | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups white wine; 4 cups water; 1 vanilla bean; 1 tablespoon lemon juice, plus extra to prevent pears browning; 4 pears, peeled and cored (Bosc, Bartlett); 2 1/4 cups sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: In a saucepan, combine wine, water, vanilla bean and lemon juice. Simmer for 5 minutes. Add pears to poaching liquid and poach for 8 minutes. Remove pears from poaching liquid and continue to reduce sauce by one-half to one-third. Plate pears and pour reduced sauce around each one. <END>
INPUT: fondue, butter, shallot, all purpose flour, cocoa powder, beef broth
OUTPUT: TITLE: Savory Chocolate Fondue | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 tablespoons butter; 1 shallot, finely diced; 6 tablespoons all-purpose flour; 2 teaspoons cocoa powder; 3 cups beef broth; 1 cup red wine; 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce; 1/4 cup chopped unsweetened chocolate; 1/4 teaspoon cayenne pepper; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1 pound beef sirloin, cut into 1-inch cubes; 1 pound red potatoes, cut into 1-inch chunks and cooked until slightly tender; 1 pound Cheddar, cut into cubes | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: fondue set Melt the butter in a saucepot over medium heat. Add the shallots and cook 1 minute. Add the flour and cocoa powder and cook 2 minutes. Whisk in the broth and wine and bring to a simmer. Whisk in the Worcestershire sauce, chocolate, cayenne and salt and pepper to taste and simmer until thickened, about 5 minutes, making sure to stir occasionally. Heat the olive oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Sprinkle the beef with salt and pepper and cook until browned on all side but still medium-rare in the middle, about 6 minutes. Removes to a plate, cover with fo <END>
INPUT: spritzers, ice cubes, seltzer water, limoncello, lemon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Limoncello Spritzers | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 30 ice cubes; 6 cups seltzer water; 6 cups limoncello; 8 lemon slices | INSTRUCTIONS: Add ice cubes to pitcher. Pour the seltzer in and mix in the limoncello. Pour into individual glasses. Garnish with a lemon slice on the rim of each glass. <END>
INPUT: Italian, pinwheels, tube crescent roll, pepperoni, broccoli florets, Garlic salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Broccoli and Pepperoni Pinwheels | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: Nonstick cooking spray, for greasing the cake pan; 1 tube crescent roll dough; 42 to 50 slices pepperoni; 1 1/2 cups frozen broccoli florets, thawed, drained and chopped (I press the broccoli between paper towels to remove as much water as possible); Garlic salt, for sprinkling; 1 cup shredded mozzarella; 2 tablespoons grated Parmesan | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Grease an 8-inch round cake pan with cooking spray. Unroll the crescent dough onto a clean surface. Use a rolling pin to go over the dough a couple of times and stretch it a bit into a large rectangle. Line the dough with the pepperoni. Top evenly with the broccoli and sprinkle with garlic salt. Top with an even layer of mozzarella. Roll the dough from one side to the other. Use a sharp knife to cut into seven 1-inch rounds. Put the rounds in the prepared cake pan, crowding them together. Bake until golden brown, 25 to 30 minute <END>
INPUT: caramel, Ice cubes, pear infused vodka, apple juice, Spiced Simple Syrup, Pear slice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Caramel Pear | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Ice cubes; 1/2 cup pear infused vodka; 1/2 cup apple juice; 2 tablespoons Spiced Simple Syrup, recipe follows; Pear slice; 2 cups packed brown sugar; 2 cups water; 3 cinnamon sticks; 2 tablespoons juniper berries; 2 tablespoons cloves; 5 whole star anise | INSTRUCTIONS: In a martini shaker filled with ice, combine the vodka, juice and simple syrup. Shake well and strain into a martini glass. Garnish with a slice of pear. In a pot combine the sugar, water, and spices. Bring up to a simmer, stirring occasionally until all the sugar has dissolved. Pour the mixture thorough a strainer and discard the whole spices. <END>
INPUT: breast, dirty, chicken broth, long grain rice, garlic, bay leaf, bundle thyme
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken Breast with Dirty Rice | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 cups chicken broth; 1 cup long-grain white rice; 2 cloves garlic, minced; 1 bay leaf; 1 small bundle thyme, tied with twine; 1 tablespoon olive oil; 1 rib celery, diced; 1/2 onion, diced; 1/2 green bell pepper, diced; 1 pint chicken livers and hearts, cleaned, diced small; 8 ounces andouille sausage, casings removed, crumbled; 1 ear corn, shucked, kernels removed; One 15.5-ounce can kidney beans, drained; 2 teaspoons garlic powder; 2 teaspoons paprika | INSTRUCTIONS: For the dirty rice: Combine 2 cups of the chicken broth and the rice, garlic, bay leaf and thyme bundle in a medium pot. Bring to a boil. Cover and simmer until the rice is tender, about 15 minutes. Remove the bay leaf and thyme; fluff the rice. Heat the oil in a large cast-iron skillet over medium-high heat. Add the celery, onions and bell peppers and sweat the vegetables for about 5 minutes. Add the chicken hearts and livers, andouille and corn; cook until browned. Add the remaining 1 cup chicken broth and scrape the bottom of the pan to loosen any browned bits. Stir in the kidney beans. Add <END>
INPUT: tottine, vinegar, granulated sugar, kosher salt, peppercorns, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sweet Potato TotTine | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup white vinegar; 3 tablespoons granulated sugar; 2 tablespoons kosher salt; 1 teaspoon whole black peppercorns; 1 medium red onion, sliced; 8 cups (2 quarts) peanut oil; 2 cups good-quality beef stock; 5 tablespoons unsalted butter; 2 cloves garlic, minced; 5 tablespoons all-purpose flour; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; One 20-ounce package frozen sweet potato tots or puffs; 1 package white cheese curds; Chopped fresh parsley, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. For the pickled red onions: Bring the vinegar, sugar, salt, peppercorns and 1 cup water to a simmer in a saucepan. Put the onion slices in a heatproof container and pour the hot vinegar mixture over them. Let sit for at least 1 hour before serving. For the sweet potato tottine: In a deep fryer or large Dutch oven, heat the oil until a deep-fry thermometer inserted in the oil registers 375 degrees F. Meanwhile, heat the beef stock in a saucepan until slightly simmering. In a separate small saucepan, melt the butter over medium-low heat. Once the bubbling subsides, <END>
INPUT: American, triangles, virgin olive oil, onions, Salt pepper, goat cheese, phyllo dough
OUTPUT: TITLE: Phyllo Triangles with Goat Cheese and Red Onion | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 4 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil; 8 large red onions, cut in half lengthwise and sliced thin; Salt and pepper; 8 ounces goat cheese; 24 sheets phyllo dough; 1 cup melted butter | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large skillet, heat oil over low heat. Saute onions until caramelized. Season with salt and pepper and remove from heat. Bring to room temperature. Crumble cheese into cooled mixture and set aside. Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. Butter a flattened sheet of phyllo with a pastry brush. Top with another sheet of dough and brush with butter. Cut dough into 6 (2-inch) strips. Place a1 tablespoon of the onion mixture in the bottom left hand corner of each strip. Begin to fold as you would a flag, until each strip is entirely folded. Continue with remaining dough filling. Brush packets with butt <END>
INPUT: bread, raisins, dark rum, sugar, vegetable oil, eggs
OUTPUT: TITLE: Papaya and Raisin Bread | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup raisins; 1/2 cup dark rum; 3/4 cup sugar; 1/3 cup vegetable oil; 2 large eggs; 2/3 cup milk; 1 teaspoon baking soda; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 2 3/4 cups flour; 3/4 cup coarsely chopped ripe papaya; Butter, for preparing pan | INSTRUCTIONS: In a small bowl, combine the raisins with the rum and leave to macerate for 1 hour. Preheat the oven to 350/. In a large mixing bowl, combine the sugar, oil, and eggs. Beat together until blended. Whisk in the milk, then add the baking soda, salt, and flour and blend thoroughly. Fold in the papaya and the raisins, drained. Generously butter an 8 x 5 inch loaf pan and pour the batter into the pan, shaking to help it find its level. Bake the bread for 1 hour, or until the center springs back and the edges are beginning to pull away from the pan. Cool the pan on a rack, then turn out and slice fo <END>
INPUT: cream, sugar, water, glucose, vanilla bean
OUTPUT: TITLE: Creme Fraiche Ice Cream | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup sugar; 1 cup water; 2 (8-ounce) containers creme fraiche; 1/4 cup glucose; 1 vanilla bean, split lengthwise and seeds scraped; Pinch salt | INSTRUCTIONS: In a small saucepan, bring sugar and water to a boil; remove from heat. Refrigerate for at least 1 hour or until chilled. In a large bowl, whisk together creme fraiche, glucose, vanilla seed scrapings (reserving the bean for another use), and salt. Slowly add chilled syrup; stir to combine. Freeze in an ice-cream maker, following manufacturer's instructions. <END>
INPUT: virgin olive oil, onions, rosemary leaves, butter, Basic Pizza Dough
OUTPUT: TITLE: Caramelized Onion, Gorgonzola, and Rosemary Pizza | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup extra virgin olive oil; 4 yellow onions, thinly sliced; 1-tablespoon fresh rosemary leaves; 1/4 cup softened butter; Basic Pizza Dough, recipe follows; 10 ounces Gorgonzola, crumbled; Salt; Freshly ground black pepper; 1 cup warm tap water (100 to 115 degrees); 1 package active dry yeast; 3 to 3 1/2 cups all purpose flour; 1/2 teaspoon salt | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large saute pan over high heat, warm the oil. Add the onions and rosemary, and cook until soft and translucent, about 5 minutes. Add butter and lower heat and continue to caramelize for about 15 minutes. Season with salt and pepper and set aside. Spread the pizza dough with the onion mixture and scatter Gorgonzola over top. Bake in a pizza oven or a preheated 400 degree oven until lightly golden and the crust is browned, about 20 minutes. Cut into wedges and serve. Pour the water onto a medium--sized mixing bowl and add the yeast, stirring with a fork until dissolved. The water should tur <END>
INPUT: Mexican, twice, sweet potatoes, poblano chile peppers, unsalted butter, Mexican crema, zest juice lime
OUTPUT: TITLE: Poblano-Cheddar Twice-Baked Sweet Potatoes | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 4 medium sweet potatoes (10 to 12 ounces each); 2 poblano chile peppers; 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, plus melted butter for brushing; 6 tablespoons Mexican crema (or creme frache); Grated zest and juice of 1 lime; 2 teaspoons adobo sauce (from a can of chipotles in adobo); 1/4 cup chopped scallions; Freshly ground pepper; 1 cup grated mild cheddar cheese (about 4 ounces); Chopped fresh cilantro, for topping | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Scrub the sweet potatoes and dry well; transfer to a baking sheet. Bake until easily pierced with a knife, about 40 minutes. Remove from the oven and let cool 5 minutes. Roast the poblanos over the flame of a gas burner (or under the broiler), turning, until charred all over, 4 to 5 minutes. Transfer to a bowl, cover with plastic wrap and let cool. Peel off the charred skins and remove the stems and seeds. Finely chop the peppers and set aside. One at a time, hold each sweet potato with a kitchen towel and halve lengthwise. Scoop the flesh into a large bowl,  <END>
INPUT: Indian, tandoori, green, coriander seeds, cumin seeds, plain yogurt, lime, paprika
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Tandoori -Yogurt Marinated Lamb Shoulder with Grilled Onions and Green Beans | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon whole coriander seeds; 1 tablespoon whole cumin seeds; 3 cups plain yogurt; 1 lime, zested and juiced; 2 tablespoons paprika; 2 teaspoons ground ginger; 1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1 teaspoon turmeric; 1/2 teaspoon cayenne pepper; 1 tablespoon sugar; 1 tablespoon coarse kosher salt; 1 tablespoon freshly ground black pepper; 1 (4-pound) boneless lamb shoulder, butterflied; 3 tablespoons chopped garlic; 2 onions, peeled and quartered with root end attached | INSTRUCTIONS: Toast the coriander and the cumin in a saute pan over medium heat until the spices become fragrant and just begin to smoke, 2 minutes. Set the spices aside to cool and then blend them in a spice grinder. Combine the yogurt, lime, cumin, coriander, paprika, ginger, cinnamon, turmeric, cayenne, sugar, salt, and pepper in a medium bowl. Poke the lamb several times with a fork and place in a large resealable plastic bag with the garlic and the onions and pour in the yogurt mixture. Move the lamb around in the bag to coat completely and place in the refrigerator to marinate for 4 to 6 hours. Remove <END>
INPUT: Italian, white, sauce, very chowder clams, little bottled clam, olive oil, garlic, Manilla clams
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pasta with White Clam Sauce | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 8 very large chowder clams, each about 8 to 10 ounces; 1 little bottled clam juice (if necessary); 1/2 tablespoon olive oil; 6 cloves garlic, finely minced; 1 1/2 pounds small Manilla clams, washed; 1/4 cup very finely chopped parsley; 1 pound thin, dried pasta, such as capellini | INSTRUCTIONS: Put up 6 quarts of water to boil in a large pot. Open the chowder clams, making sure to catch all the clam juice. Mince the clams and reserve them. Measure the juice; it should come to about 2 cups. If it doesn't, make up the difference with bottled clam juice. Then add 1/2 cup water, making 2 1/2 cups liquid in all. Pour the olive oil into a wide heavy pot over medium heat. Add the minced garlic and saute for 4 to 5 minutes or until the garlic just starts to turn gold. Add a little clam juice to loosen the garlic then add the rest of the 2 1/2 cups. Raise heat. Salt the boiling water lightly  <END>
INPUT: judd, apple cider vinegar, salt, pepper, paprika
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken Sauce and Judd's Chili | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 quarts apple cider vinegar; 1 1/2 cups salt; 1/4 cup black pepper; 1/4 cup white pepper; 1/4 cup paprika; 1/2 cup crushed red pepper; 2 cups vegetable oil; 1 cup lemon juice; 1/2 cup Worcestershire sauce; 10 whole chicken legs; 5 pounds ground chuck; 1 tablespoon vegetable oil; 3 green bell peppers, diced; 3 onions, diced; 3 packages chili seasonings | INSTRUCTIONS: Start with a one gallon jug of apple cider vinegar and empty out 1 quart of the vinegar. Combine all remaining ingredients in the gallon jug and shake well with the cap back on. Brush over chicken and Barbecue. While chicken is cooking continue to brush sauce on, until chicken is cooked. For the Chili: Brown chuck and drain off excess fat. Set aside. In a separate saute pan heat vegetable oil and saute diced peppers and onions. Combine all ingredients in a large pot and simmer on low heat for approximately 1 hour. <END>
INPUT: burgers, virgin olive oil, onions, Salt pepper, seasoned rice vinegar, bacon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Bacon-Cheddar Burgers with Caramelized Onions | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1 1/2 pounds onions (2 large), sliced into 1/2-inch-thick rings; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 3 tablespoons seasoned rice vinegar; 1/2 pound sliced bacon, frozen 1 hour; 1 1/2 pounds ground beef chuck; 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce; Salt; Freshly ground black pepper; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted; 4 to 8 thin slices extra-sharp Cheddar; 4 hamburger buns or alternatives such as kaiser or brioche rolls; Sliced tomato; Soft-leaf lettuce leaves or baby arugula; Special equipment: An instant-read thermometer | INSTRUCTIONS: For caramelized onions: Heat oil in a 12-inch heavy skillet over medium heat until it shimmers, then cook onions with 1/2 teaspoon salt and 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, covered, stirring occasionally, until golden and softened, 15 to 20 minutes. Reduce heat to medium-low, then add vinegar, scraping up the brown bits on bottom of the skillet, and cook, uncovered, stirring, until liquid evaporates, 1 to 2 minutes. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Transfer to a small bowl and keep warm, covered. Heat oil in a 12-inch heavy skillet over medium heat until it shimmers, then cook on <END>
INPUT: Asian, burgers, celery, garlic, garlic powder, onion, Italian seasoning
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mushroom Burgers | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1 celery stalk, diced; 4 garlic cloves, crushed or minced; 1 teaspoon garlic powder; 1 medium onion, diced; 2 teaspoons Italian seasoning; 1 teaspoon ground marjoram; 1 tablespoon olive oil; 1 pound mushrooms of your choice, washed and chopped; 1 cup cooked barley; 1 cup cooked rolled oats; 1/2 cup sunflower seeds, toasted; 1/4 cup pecans, toasted, or any other kind of nut; 1/4 cup sesame paste; 2 tablespoons soy sauce; 1/4 cup peanut oil, for frying (optional) | INSTRUCTIONS: In a saucepan, combine the celery, garlic, garlic powder, onion, Italian seasoning, and marjoram, and saute in the olive oil. Add the mushrooms, and cook until the liquid evaporates. In a mixing bowl, combine the barley, oats, sunflower seeds, pecans, sesame paste, and soy sauce with the saute mixture. Mix all ingredients thoroughly, then cover the bowl with plastic wrap and chill. Just before cooking, remove the mixture from the refrigerator, and shape into patties. The patties can be fried in peanut oil, 3 1/2 to 4 minutes per side, or they can be baked in a 350 degree F oven for 25 minutes. <END>
INPUT: American, four, Salt, elbow macaroni, all purpose flour, milk
OUTPUT: TITLE: Creamy Four Cheese Macaroni | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: Nonstick cooking spray; Salt; 3 cups elbow macaroni; 1/3 cup all-purpose flour; 2 1/3 cups 1 percent milk; 3/4 cup shredded Fontina cheese; 1/2 cup Parmesan; 1/2 cup shredded non-fat cheddar; 4 ounces processed light American cheese (recommended: Velveeta Light); 1/2 cup Japanese (panko) bread crumbs | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F. Spray a 2-quart casserole dish with non-stick cooking spray and set aside. Bring a large pot of water to the boil. Salt water, add macaroni, and cook until al dente. Drain into a colander, run under cold water to stop the cooking, and then set aside. While pasta is cooking, combine flour and milk in a large saucepan, whisking until blended. Cook over medium heat until thick, about 10 minutes, stirring constantly. Add cheeses and cook until melted and thickened. Remove from heat and stir in the macaroni and 1/4 teaspoon salt. Pour mixture into prepared casserole d <END>
INPUT: warm, cakes, bittersweet, eggs, egg yolks, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Warm Chocolate Cakes with Frangelico Ice Cream | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup (2 sticks) unsalted butter; 8 ounces bittersweet (not unsweetened) or semisweet chocolate, chopped; 5 large eggs; 5 large egg yolks; 1/2 cup sugar; 1/2 cup all purpose flour; Frangelico Ice Cream | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 375°F. Butter six 6-ounce (3/4-cup) soufflé dishes or custard cups. Stir butter and chocolate in medium saucepan over low heat until melted and smooth. Cool to room temperature. Using electric mixer, beat eggs, yolks and sugar in large bowl until foamy and pale, and slowly dissolving ribbon forms when beaters are lifted, about 5 minutes. Add flour; beat until just blended. Stir in chocolate. Pour into prepared dishes. Place dishes on baking sheet. Bake until cakes are firm around edges but still move slightly in center when shaken, about 12 minutes (do not overbake). Cool 5 min <END>
INPUT: puddings, firmly light sugar, cinnamon, nutmeg, heavy cream, milk
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pumpkin Bread Puddings | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/3 cup firmly packed light brown sugar; 1/4 teaspoon cinnamon; a pinch of freshly grated nutmeg; 1/2 cup heavy cream; 1/2 cup milk; 3/4 cup canned pumpkin purée; 2 tablespoons raisins; 1 large egg, beaten lightly; 1/4 teaspoon vanilla; 4 slices of cinnamon-raisin bread, cut into 1/2-inch cubes (about 2 1/2 cups) and toasted | INSTRUCTIONS: In a bowl whisk together the brown sugar, the cinnamon, the nutmeg, the cream, the milk, the pumpkin purée, the raisins, the egg, the vanilla, and a pinch of salt until the mixture is smooth, stir in the bread cubes, and let the mixture stand for 5 minutes. Divide the mixture between 2 buttered 1-cup microwave-safe ramekins fitted with wax-paper collars extending 2 inches above the rim, microwave the puddings at high power (100%), switching positions once, for 15 to 17 minutes, or until a tester comes out clean, and let them stand for 3 minutes. Discard the paper collars and serve the puddings <END>
INPUT: Italian, primavera, smoky, bow tie pasta, asparagus spears, bell pepper, smoked ham, whipping cream
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pasta Primavera with Smoky Ham | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 6 ounces bow-tie pasta (about 2 1/2 cups); 12 thin asparagus spears, stems trimmed, stalks thinly sliced into rounds, tips left whole; 1/2 large red bell pepper, cut into thin strips; 6 ounces smoked ham, diced; 1/2 cup whipping cream; 1/2 cup canned low-salt chicken broth; 2 1/2 tablespoons coarse-grained Dijon mustard | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook pasta in large pot of boiling salted water 7 minutes. Add asparagus and cook 3 minutes. Add asparagus and cook 3 minutes. Add bell pepper. Boil until pasta and asparagus are just tender but still firm to bite and bell pepper strips are slightly softened, about 30 seconds longer. Drain well. Meanwhile, stir ham in heavy large skillet over medium-high heat until beginning to brown, about 3 minutes. Add cream. chicken broth and mustard and boil sauce 2 minutes, stirring up and browned bits. Add pasta mixture to skillet. Toss until sauce coats pasta mixture, about 2 minutes. Season to taste w <END>
INPUT: Mexican, molasses, loin, peppercorns, star anise, salt, cumin seed, chamomile
OUTPUT: TITLE: Molasses Seared Elk Loin | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 teaspoon black peppercorns; 1/8 teaspoon star anise; 1 teaspoon salt; 1/2 teaspoon cumin seed, roasted; 1/2 teaspoon chamomile, whole; 1/2 teaspoon chili powder, roasted; 1/2 orange peel, dried; 1/2 teaspoon paprika; 1/2 tablespoon onion, granulated; 1/2 teaspoon garlic, granulated; 1 tablespoon red onion, diced; 1 tablespoon white onion, diced; 2 tablespoons green onion, diced; 2 tablespoons leek, diced; 2 tablespoons chives, diced | INSTRUCTIONS: For the Sonoran Spice: In food processor, grind peppercorns and star anise until completely powdered. Add cumin seed and chamomile; grind until smooth and then add remaining ingredients. Set aside For the Five Onion Polenta: Saute onions in a very hot and dry pan, set aside. In a sauce pot, bring milk to a boil, stir in polenta and cook for 6 minutes, until very thick. Add sauteed onions, salt, and pepper. Line a sheet pan with plastic wrap; spread the polenta on the pan and level it (bang the pan to settle it, if necessary). Cool, then cut into triangle portions. Set aside. For the Sage Black <END>
INPUT: Mexican, quesadillas, purslane, Four flour tortillas, low moisture milk, salsa verde, unsalted butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Purslane Quesadillas | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 4 ounces purslane; Four 8-inch flour tortillas; 8 ounces low-moisture whole milk mozzarella or Oaxacan cheese, coarsely grated; 8 teaspoons prepared salsa verde; 4 teaspoons unsalted butter | INSTRUCTIONS: Tear the purslane into 2- or 3-inch pieces, stripping the little shoots from the main stems; discard the woodiest pieces. Lay the tortillas on your work surface. Sprinkle some cheese on half of each tortilla, leaving 1/2-inch border. Put some purslane on top of the cheese, and drizzle about 2 teaspoons of the salsa verde on top. Top the purslane with the remaining cheese. Fold the tortillas in half. Heat a medium nonstick skillet over medium heat. Add 2 teaspoons of the butter and melt until the foam just about subsides. Put in 2 of the tortillas and cook, pressing lightly with a spatula once  <END>
INPUT: Mexican, salsa, tomatillos, jalapeno chiles seeds, handful coriander leaves, water, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tomatillo Salsa and Chips | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 8 tomatillos, husks discarded; 2 fresh jalapeno chiles with seeds, chopped; 1 small handful fresh coriander leaves, washed well and spun dry; 1/4 cup water; 1/2 small white onion, chopped fine; 1/4 teaspoon coarse salt, or to taste; 1 bag tortilla chips | INSTRUCTIONS: Rinse tomatillos under warm water to remove stickiness and dry them. Quarter tomatillos and in a blender puree with jalapenos, coriander, and water until very smooth. In a bowl, stir together tomatillo mixture, onion, and salt. Salsa may be made 10 hours ahead and chilled, covered. Bring salsa to room temperature before serving. Serve with tortilla chips. <END>
INPUT: oven, wedges, long slender skinned, olive oil, salt, Honey, parsley
OUTPUT: TITLE: Honey-Glazed Oven-Roasted Sweet Potato Wedges | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 5 long slender 10-ounce red-skinned sweet potatoes (yams); 1/4 cup olive oil; 1 teaspoon salt; Honey; Chopped fresh parsley | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 400°F. Peel sweet potatoes, then quarter lengthwise. Rinse potatoes with cold water; pat dry with paper towels. Place potatoes in large bowl; add olive oil and salt and toss to coat. Arrange in single layer on rimmed baking sheet. Roast 45 minutes. Brush with honey and roast until tender and beginning to brown in spots, about 15 minutes longer. Transfer to platter; sprinkle with parsley and serve. Preheat oven to 400°F. Peel sweet potatoes, then quarter lengthwise. Rinse potatoes with cold water; pat dry with paper towels. Place potatoes in large bowl; add olive oil and salt an <END>
INPUT: Asian, marinade, sugar, fish sauce, lemongrass, garlic, shallot
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Pork Chops with Sweet Lemongrass Marinade | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 cup sugar; 1/4 cup plus 1 tablespoon fish sauce; 1 lemongrass stalk, finely chopped; 1 1/2 tablespoons minced garlic; 2 tablespoons minced shallot; 1 Thai chile, stemmed and finely chopped; 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 3 bone-in center cut pork chops, each about 12 ounces and 1 inch thick | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. In a bowl, combine the sugar, fish sauce, lemongrass, garlic, shallot, chile, and black pepper and whisk until the sugar dissolves. Arrange the pork chops in a rimmed dish in a single layer. Pour the marinade over, cover with plastic wrap, and let marinate at room temperature for 1 to 2 hours. (The pork can also be refrigerated overnight. Bring meat to room temperature before grilling). 2. Prepare a hot fire in a charcoal grill (you should be able to hold your hand 1 to 2 inches above the grate for only 2 to 3 seconds). When the coals are ready, push two-thirds of the coals to one-half of t <END>
INPUT: marbleized, Butter flour loaf, unsalted butter, sugar, almond paste, egg yolks
OUTPUT: TITLE: Marbleized Almond Pound Cake | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Butter and flour for loaf pans; 1 1/2 sticks softened unsalted butter, at room temperature; 1 2/3 cups sugar; 1/2 cup almond paste; 5 egg yolks; 1 teaspoon vanilla; 12 large egg whites; Pinch salt; 3 cups sifted flour; 3 ounces semi-sweet chocolate, melted; 1/2 cup almond paste; 1/2 teaspoon grated orange zest; 1 cup whipped cream or sour cream; Slices of almond pound cake; Liqueur like Kirsch to taste | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: 2 (9 x 5 x 3-inch) loaf pans Butter and flour 2 (9 x 5 x 3-inch) loaf pans and set aside. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees. With an electric mixer cream the butter with 1/4 cup of the sugar and beat until it looks light and fluffy. Add the almond paste a bit at a time and continue to beat until the mixture looks light and fluffy. Add the yolks, 1 at a time, beating well after each addition, then beat in the vanilla. Beat the egg whites with a pinch of salt until soft peaks form. Add the remaining sugar, a tablespoonful at a time, until the egg whites are stiff but not dry. Fo <END>
INPUT: salad, dressing, Tuscan kale, golden raisins, wine vinegar, hazelnuts, pecorino
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tuscan Kale Salad with Anchovy Dressing | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 bunches Tuscan kale, stems removed and leaves sliced into 1/4-inch strips; 1/2 cup golden raisins; 1/4 cup white wine vinegar; 1 cup toasted hazelnuts; Shaved pecorino, for garnish; 1/4 cup white wine vinegar; 3 tablespoons grated pecorino; 2 tablespoons diced shallots; 1 teaspoon honey; 4 anchovy fillets; 1/4 cup plus 1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil | INSTRUCTIONS: For the Tuscan kale salad: Bring a medium pot of water to a boil over medium-high heat. Turn off the heat. Carefully submerge the kale in the hot water for 1 minute. Drain in a colander and immediately rinse with cold water to halt the cooking process. (The kale should be just slightly wilted and tenderized.) Remove the kale to a towel-lined baking sheet to drain excess water. In a small bowl, combine the raisins, white wine vinegar and 1/4 cup hot water. Rehydrate the raisins for at least 15 minutes, then drain when ready to serve. For the anchovy dressing: Into a blender add the white wine v <END>
INPUT: bell peppers, grapeseed oil, onion, mushrooms, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Stuffed Peppers | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 green bell peppers, tops removed and seeded; 4 tablespoons grapeseed oil; 1 white onion, diced; 1 cup sliced mushrooms; 2 teaspoons freshly chopped garlic; 1 zucchini, diced; 1 yellow squash, diced; 2 cups cooked wild rice; 1 (14-ounce can) tomatoes, drained; 1 cup diced red and green peppers; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 tablespoons tomato paste; 1 cup fresh arugula or spinach; 2 teaspoons freshly chopped tarragon leaves; 1/2 cup grated Parmesan, to finish | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Wrap the peppers in aluminum foil, and bake in the oven until tender, but not falling apart, about 15 minutes. Remove from the oven and allow to cool. In a large skillet over medium heat, add the grapeseed oil. When the oil is hot, add the onions, mushrooms and garlic and saute until the mushrooms are golden brown. Add in the zucchini, yellow squash, wild rice, tomatoes, red and green peppers and continue to cook until the vegetables are tender. Adjust the seasoning with salt and pepper, to taste, and stir in the tomato paste. Remove from the heat and fold in <END>
INPUT: gratin, butter, fennel, Parmesan, garlic, Kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fennel Gratin | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 tablespoon butter; 2 heads fennel, thinly sliced; 1 cup coarsely grated Parmesan; 1 clove garlic, minced; Kosher salt; 1 tablespoon mustard; 2 cups heavy cream | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Butter a 9 by 13-inch baking dish. Add the fennel, Parmesan, garlic, and 1/4 teaspoon salt and toss to combine. 2. Whisk the mustard into the heavy cream and pour over the fennel mixture. Bake until bubbling and golden, about 1 hour. <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, salad, beans, Kosher salt, pearled, olive oil, sunflower seeds
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chickpea, Barley, and Feta Salad | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 8 ounces green beans, halved crosswise; Kosher salt; 1 cup pearled, hulled, or hull-less barley; 1 teaspoon olive oil; 1/4 cup raw sunflower seeds; 1 15.5-ounce can chickpeas, rinsed; 4 ounces feta, crumbled; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh dill; 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; Toasted Spice Vinaigrette | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook green beans in a large pot of boiling salted water until crisp-tender, about 3 minutes. Using a sieve or a slotted spoon, transfer to a bowl of ice water. Return water to a boil, add barley, and simmer until tender (refer to packaging for timing); drain. Let cool on a baking sheet. Heat oil in a small skillet over medium heat. Cook sunflower seeds, tossing occasionally, until golden brown, about 5 minutes; let cool. Toss green beans, barley, sunflower seeds, chickpeas, feta, dill, lemon juice, and vinaigrette in a large bowl. Cook green beans in a large pot of boiling salted water until c <END>
INPUT: flan, sugar, Mexican chocolate, half half, milk
OUTPUT: TITLE: Modern Mexican Chocolate Flan | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/4 cups sugar; 6 ounces Mexican chocolate, such as Ibarra, coarsely chopped; 1 1/3 cups half-and-half; 1 1/3 cups whole milk; 1 (1 1/2-inch) cinnamon stick, preferably canela; 5 large eggs; 1 tablespoon plus 1 teaspoon coffee liqueur, such as Kahlúa; 3/4 teaspoon pure vanilla extract; 1/2 teaspoon pure almond extract; Ingredient info: Canela, also called true, Mexican, Ceylon, or Sri Lanka cinnamon, is a less pungent variety than the cassia cinnamon commonly used in; Special equipment: Pastry brush, 8 (5- to 6-ounce) ramekins, large roasting pan | INSTRUCTIONS: In a small heavy-bottomed saucepan, combine 3/4 cup sugar with 1/3 cup water and stir to combine. Bring to a boil over moderate heat, using a pastry brush dipped in cold water to wash down any sugar crystals clinging to the side of the pot, then lower the heat and simmer, without stirring, until the syrup begins to color. Swirl the pan continually until the syrup is an even, deep amber color. Immediately divide the caramel among the ramekins, swirling so it coats the bottom of each. Arrange a rack in the middle of the oven and preheat to 325°F. In the bowl of a food processor, process the choc <END>
INPUT: unsalted butter, kosher salt more, all purpose flour, eggs, Gruyère
OUTPUT: TITLE: Andouille Gougères | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup unsalted butter; 1/2 tsp kosher salt plus more; 1 cup all-purpose flour; 5 eggs; 2 1/2 oz Gruyère, grated; 4 oz andouille sausage, chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 425° with racks in upper and lower thirds. Line 2 baking sheets with parchment paper. In a large saucepan, combine 1 cup water, butter, and 1/2 tsp salt. Bring to a boil over medium-high heat. When butter has melted, add flour all at once, stirring vigorously with a wooden spoon. Reduce heat to medium; keep stirring until mixture has formed a smooth, thick paste and pulls away from sides of pan, about 3 minutes. Transfer to bowl of a stand mixer fitted with paddle attachment or to a large heatproof bowl. If using a stand mixer, add 4 eggs, 1 at a time, mixing on low speed until <END>
INPUT: American, mary, sandwich, soft bread, unsalted butter, mango puree, watercress, pepper jack cheese
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mary's Grilled Cheese Sandwich with Pepper Jack, Mango and Watercress | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 slices soft white bread; 2 teaspoons unsalted butter, melted; 2 tablespoons mango puree (made from store bought frozen mango concentrate which is then heated until reduced); 2 tablespoons watercress; 2 slices pepper jack cheese | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Brush both sides of each slice of bread with the butter and spread the mango puree on both sides of each slice of bread. Arrange the watercress over the top of one side of a slice of bread. Place the cheese on top of the watercress and top with the second slice of bread. Heat a griddle on top of the stove over medium-high heat. Place the sandwich on the griddle and grill for about 1 minute on each side, or until the bread is golden brown and the cheese is melted. Slice the sandwich into 8 small serving pieces. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, mangoes, water, sugar, Gray salt, ice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mango Margarita | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/4 pounds fresh mangoes; 1 cup water; 1/2 cup sugar; Gray salt; 3 cups ice; 1 1/2 cups Mango Margarita Mix; 4 ounces tequila; 2 ounces triple sec; Lime wedges; Mint Salt, recipe follows | INSTRUCTIONS: Peel and pit the mangoes and cut them into large chunks. Place the mango in a blender with the water, sugar, and a pinch of salt. Blend until smooth. Taste and add more sugar, if necessary. Fill the blender with ice and add the Mango Margarita Mix, tequila, and triple sec. Blend until smooth. Rub the rim of a margarita glass with a lime wedge and dip into Mint Salt to coat rim. Fill glass and enjoy! 1 cup fresh mint leaves 1 cup gray salt or coarse sea salt Clean and dry mint and roughly chop. With a mortar and pestle, crush equal parts fresh mint and salt. Yield: about 1 cup salt <END>
INPUT: Asian, teriyaki, low sodium soy, canola oil, sugar, sherry, rice vinegar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Teriyaki Pork Tenderloin | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons low-sodium soy sauce; 1 tablespoon canola oil; 1 tablespoon brown sugar; 1 tablespoon dry sherry; 1 tablespoon rice vinegar; 1 garlic clove, crushed with a garlic press or minced; 1/2 teaspoon finely grated fresh ginger; Pinch red pepper flakes; 1 pound pork tenderloin | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Combine the soy sauce, oil, sugar, sherry, vinegar, garlic, ginger and red pepper flakes, and stir until the sugar dissolves. Transfer to a resealable plastic bag and add the pork tenderloin. Seal the bag and marinate the pork in the refrigerator, turning once, for 1/2 hour, or up to 8 hours. Preheat the broiler. Place the pork on a roasting pan and broil for 15 minutes, turning once. <END>
INPUT: Asian, ginger, sizzling, jasmine rice, water, Vegetable oil, pork tenderloin, soy sauce
OUTPUT: TITLE: Ginger Garlic Pork with Sizzling Rice | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups jasmine rice, rinsed; 4 cups water; Vegetable oil, for frying; 2 pounds pork tenderloin, silver skin removed; 2 tablespoons soy sauce; 1 teaspoon dry mustard; 3 tablespoons rice wine vinegar; 1 cup all-purpose flour; 3 tablespoons cornstarch; 1 teaspoon granulated garlic; 1 teaspoon granulated onion; 1 teaspoon kosher salt; 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 3 tablespoons canola oil; 3 tablespoons canola oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. To make Da Sizzling Rice: Add rice and water to a small saucepot and bring to a boil over medium heat. Reduce the heat to low, cover and simmer for 5 minutes. Remove from heat and let sit 30 minutes. Transfer the rice to a baking sheet and cool to room temperature. Preheat the oven to 200 degrees F. Put the rice into the oven and let it dry out for 1 hour. Heat 2 cups of oil to 350 degrees F. in a heavy-bottomed pan over medium heat. Cut the rice into 3-inch rounds and fry in the oil until crunchy and light brown, about 2 minutes. Set aside on a plate. To make Da <END>
INPUT: cakes, abalone, garlic, bread crumbs, egg, Tbs. oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Abalone Cakes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 fresh abalone, cleaned and sliced; 1 garlic clove, minced; 1 cup bread crumbs; 1 egg; 1 Tbs. oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Place the sliced abalone into a grinder or food processor and mince. Once minced, place the abalone meat in a bowl and add the minced garlic, egg and bread crumbs. Mix thoroughly. Mold the mixture into palm-sized patties and place aside. Heat the oil in a frying pan over medium heat. Place the patties in the pan and cook for about 2 minutes on each side. Serve. <END>
INPUT: French, bread, pudding, unsalted butter, camembert cheese rind, half half, eggs, Kosher salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Camembert and Ham Bread Pudding | CUISINE: French | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, plus more for the ramekins; 8 ounces camembert cheese with rind; 3 cups half-and-half; 4 large eggs; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 baguette, bottom crust discarded, cut into 1/2-inch dice (about 8 cups); One 8-ounce piece Virginia ham, cut into 1/2-inch cubes (about 2 cups); 2 shallots, thinly sliced (about 1 cup); 1 large fennel, halved, cored and thinly sliced (about 2 cups), fronds reserved; 2 large fresh thyme sprigs; 1 Granny Smith apple, peeled, cored and cut into 1/2-inch cubes (about 2 cups); 1 cup dry white wine; Green salad, for serving, optional | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F with 1 rack set on the middle shelf and 1 rack set on the bottom shelf. Fill a large baking dish halfway with warm water and place on the bottom rack. Butter eight 8-ounce ramekins and place on a baking sheet. Slice the cheese into 1/2-inch cubes and lay on a plate to keep them from sticking together. Whisk the heavy cream and eggs together in a large bowl. Add 1 teaspoon salt and a pinch of pepper. Add the baguette cubes and ham. Stir to combine. Melt the butter in a large saute pan over medium-high heat. Add the shallots, fennel and thyme, season with salt a <END>
INPUT: beans, butter, pecans, lemon peel, Italian parsley
OUTPUT: TITLE: Green Beans with Pecans, Lemon and Parsley | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 pounds green beans, trimmed, halved crosswise; 5 tablespoons butter; 3/4 cup chopped pecans; 4 teaspoons minced lemon peel (yellow part only); 1/3 cup finely chopped fresh Italian parsley | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook beans in large pot of boiling salted water until just tender, about 5 minutes. Drain. Transfer to bowl of ice water and cool. Drain and pat dry. (Can be prepared 1 day ahead. Cover and refrigerate.) Melt butter in large deep skillet over medium heat. Add pecans; sauté until nuts are crisp and butter is lightly browned, about 3 minutes. Add beans; toss to heat through, about 5 minutes. Mix in lemon peel; cook 1 minute. Mix in parsley. Season with salt and pepper. Transfer to bowl. Cook beans in large pot of boiling salted water until just tender, about 5 minutes. Drain. Transfer to bowl of <END>
INPUT: crepes, all purpose flour, milk, egg, salt, butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Crepes with Orange Zest and Chocolate | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup all-purpose flour; 1 cup milk; 1 egg; Pinch salt; 3 teaspoons butter, plus 1/2 cup; 1 tablespoon granulated sugar; Zest of 1 orange; 1/4 cup dark chocolate, melted; 1 tablespoon powdered sugar; 2 tablespoons Grand Marnier | INSTRUCTIONS: In a medium-size mixing bowl, whisk together the flour, milk, egg, and salt. Heat a large frying pan or wok over medium-high heat. When the pan is hot add a teaspoon of butter and swirl the pan to coat the surface of the pan with the melted butter. Pour 1/4 cup of the batter into the pan and tilt the pan with a circular motion so that the batter coats the surface in a smooth and even layer. After 2 minutes, lift up an edge of the crepe with a spatula to see if it is browning. When the underside has begun to brown, flip the crepe and cook the other side until it is also brown; about 30 seconds  <END>
INPUT: canola oil, onion, garlic, Salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sauteed Edamame | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons canola oil; 1 medium onion, diced; 2 teaspoons chopped garlic; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 (10-ounce) bag frozen shelled edamame, thawed | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Add onions and garlic, season with salt and pepper, to taste and saute for 2 minutes. Add edamame and saute for 4 minutes until edamame are heated through and onions are tender. (Reserve leftover Sauteed Edamame for online Round 2 Recipe "Bowtie Pasta with Edamame.) Use the leftovers from this recipe to make (Web Exclusive) Round 2 Recipe: Edamame with Pasta. <END>
INPUT: American, quail, sauce, quinoa, Kosher salt pepper, mint leaves, dinosaur kale
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Quail with Pomegranate-Orange BBQ Sauce and Tabouli with Quinoa and Shredded Kale | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup quinoa, rinsed well; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 cup (1/2 pint) grape tomatoes, halved; 1/2 cup fresh mint leaves, finely chopped; 1 small bunch dinosaur kale, finely shredded; 1/2 English cucumber, cut into small dice; 1/2 small red onion, thinly sliced; 1/2 cup extra-virgin olive oil; Zest of 1/2 and juice of 2 lemons; Zest of 1/4 and juice of 1 orange; 2 tablespoons canola oil; 1 small Spanish onion, diced; 1 cup pomegranate juice; 1/4 cup freshly squeezed orange juice; 1/4 cup pomegranate molasses | INSTRUCTIONS: For the tabouli: Place the quinoa in a medium saucepan, cover with 1 3/4 cups cold water and season with salt and pepper. Bring to a boil, cover, lower the heat and cook until the water is absorbed and the quinoa is tender, 18 to 20 minutes. Remove the lid, fluff with a fork and let cool slightly. Put the quinoa in a large bowl; add the tomatoes, mint, kale, cucumbers and onions and mix to combine. Whisk together the olive oil and lemon and orange zests and juices, and season with salt and pepper. Add the dressing to the salad and toss to combine. Cover and refrigerate for at least 1 hour befo <END>
INPUT: spaghetti, vegetable oil, semisweet bittersweet chocolate, unsweetened coconut flakes, unsalted roasted peanuts
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chow Mein-Noodle Haystacks | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 ounces spaghetti, or 5 ounces packaged fried chow mein noodles; 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, plus oil for frying; 5 ounces semisweet or bittersweet chocolate; 1/4 cup unsweetened coconut flakes, toasted; 1/2 cup unsalted roasted peanuts, coarsely chopped; 1 recipe chow mein-noodle haystacks; 3/4 cup marshmallows, cut into 1/4-inch pieces; 2 ounces spaghetti, or 5 ounces packaged fried chow mein noodles; 5 ounces white chocolate; 1/4 cup unsweetened coconut flakes, toasted; 1/2 cup pecans, chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: : In a large pot of boiling water, cook the spaghetti until tender. Drain well, then toss with 1 teaspoon of vegetable oil to prevent sticking. In a skillet or electric fryer, heat 1-inch of oil to 365 degrees. Working in batches of 3 or 4 tangled strands, fry the spaghetti until golden brown. Let the spaghetti intertwine to form interesting shapes. Drain on paper towels. Break the spaghetti or chow mein noodles into pieces no larger than 1-inch long. In a completely dry bowl or in the top of a double boiler set over barely simmering water, melt the chocolate. Mix in the noodles, coconut, and  <END>
INPUT: American, bloody, mary, beefsteak tomatoes, serrano chile, onion, piece lemongrass, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tomato Water Bloody Mary | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 4 large beefsteak tomatoes, quartered; 1/2 serrano chile, roughly chopped; 1/4 red onion, roughly chopped; 3-inch piece of lemongrass, tough outer leaves removed and roughly chopped; small pinch sugar; large pinch salt; 1/2 lime; 1/2 lemon; 1/2 orange; 2 18-inch-square pieces cheesecloth; Ice; 16 ounces tomato water; 6 ounces Grey Goose Le Citron (or any citrus vodka); 4 cherry tomatoes for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: For tomato water: In food processor, purée first six ingredients until smooth. Line sieve with cheesecloth and set sieve over nonreactive bowl. Pour purée into center of cheesecloth and refrigerate overnight. Gather sides of cheesecloth up over purée to form large sack and squeeze gently to extract last bits of water. Discard sack and its contents and transfer tomato water to bowl. Set strainer over bowl and squeeze in lime, lemon, and orange juice. Stir well. Makes about 20 ounces tomato water, enough for roughly 4 drinks. In food processor, purée first six ingredients until smooth. Line siev <END>
INPUT: Indian, moroccan, stew, olive vegetable oil, onion, garlic, tandoori spice, cinnamon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Moroccan Chicken Stew with Green Beans | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons olive or vegetable oil; 1 small onion, finely chopped; 3 cloves garlic, thinly sliced; 1 tablespoon tandoori spice; 3/4 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1 tablespoon tomato paste; 2 cups chicken stock; One 28-ounce can whole peeled tomatoes, lightly crushed; 1 cup red lentils; 1 tablespoon honey; 1/2 pound green beans, stems trimmed, cut into 1-inch pieces; 3 to 4 cups shredded chicken (from 1 rotisserie chicken); Zest of 1 lemon; Salt and ground black pepper; 4 cups steamed white rice, such as Jasmine | INSTRUCTIONS: Place a large high-sided saute pan over medium heat with the oil. Add the onion and garlic to the pan and cook, stirring often, until just tender, 3 to 4 minutes. Add the tandoori spice, cinnamon and tomato paste to the pan and continue cooking until caramelized and very aromatic, about 2 minutes. Add the chicken stock, tomatoes, lentils and honey and bring the liquid up to a boil while scraping any caramelized bits up from the bottom of the pan. Reduce the heat to medium-low and simmer until the lentils are almost cooked through, about 10 minutes. Add the green beans, chicken and lemon zest t <END>
INPUT: spiked, iced, strawberry daiquiri mix, tea, Tbs. currant, ice cubes, strawberries sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spiked Strawberry-Red Iced Green Tea | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 10 oz. can frozen strawberry daiquiri mix (non-alcoholic), diluted with 1 can cold water; 2 cups chilled green tea; 2 Tbs. black currant, strawberry or raspberry syrup; ice cubes; strawberries and sugar, for garnish; Optional: 1 oz. shot of vodka or light rum per serving | INSTRUCTIONS: Put the strawberry daiquiri mixture into a medium-size pitcher and stir until thawed and blended. Add the chilled green tea and fruit syrup and mix thoroughly. Pour the tea mixture (and alcohol, if using) into tall glasses filled with ice. <END>
INPUT: salad, Kosher salt, corn, Hass avocados, Juice lemon, grape tomatoes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Corn and Avocado Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Kosher salt; 4 ears of corn, shucked; 4 ripe Hass avocados, seeded, peeled, and 1/2-inch diced; Juice of 1 lemon; 2 pints grape tomatoes, sliced in half lengthwise; 2 red bell peppers, seeded and 1/2-inch diced; 1 cup chopped red onion; 1/4 cup seeded and minced jalapeno peppers, seeded; 1 lime, zested; 1/2 cup freshly squeezed lime juice; 1/4 cup good olive oil; 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 1 teaspoon minced garlic; 1/2 teaspoon ground cayenne pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. In a large pot of boiling salted water, cook the corn for 3 minutes until the starchiness is just gone. Drain and immerse the corn in ice water to stop the cooking and to set the color. When the corn is cool, cut the kernels off the cob, cutting close to the cob, and place them in a large bowl. Toss the avocados with the lemon juice and add them to the bowl with the corn. Add the tomatoes, red peppers, onion, jalapeno peppers and lime zest to the bowl. Whisk the lime juice, olive oil, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, black pepper, garlic, and cayenne pepper together in a <END>
INPUT: American, all purpose flour, sugar, milk, heavy cream, double crust All
OUTPUT: TITLE: Classic Apple Pie | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 teaspoon all-purpose flour; 1/2 teaspoon sugar; 1 tablespoon whole milk; 1 tablespoon heavy cream; 1 double-crust All-Butter Pie Dough shell; 8 cups (960 grams) apples, peeled and chopped into bite-sized pieces (roughly 1 inch long by 3/4-inch thick ); 1 tablespoon (16 grams) lemon juice; 3/4 cup (150 grams) granulated sugar; 3 tablespoons (45 grams) dark brown sugar; 1 tablespoon plus 1 teaspoon (10 grams) tapioca starch; 1 tablespoon (9 grams) cornstarch; 1 teaspoon (2 grams) Chinese five-spice powder; 1/2 teaspoon (1.5 grams) kosher salt; 1 tablespoon (14 grams) unsalted butter, cut into small pieces | INSTRUCTIONS: Make the Crust Dust: In a small bowl, whisk together flour and sugar. Set aside. In a small bowl, whisk together flour and sugar. Set aside. Make the Pie Wash: In a small bowl, mix milk and cream. Chill until needed. In a small bowl, mix milk and cream. Chill until needed. Make the pie: Place the apples in a medium bowl. Add the lemon juice and toss with a spatula until the apples are well coated. Place the granulated sugar, brown sugar, tapioca starch, cornstarch, Chinese five-spice powder, and salt in a small bowl and whisk to combine. Pour the dry ingredients into the bowl of apples and mix <END>
INPUT: American, lemon juice, vanilla extract
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cherry Cheese Pie | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 (8 oz.) package cream cheese, softened; 1 (14 oz.) can Eagle Brand® Sweetened Condensed Milk; 1/3 cup lemon juice; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; 1 (8 or 9-inch) prepared graham cracker or baked pie crust; 1 (21 oz.) can cherry pie filling, chilled | INSTRUCTIONS: BEAT cream cheese until fluffy in large bowl. Gradually beat in sweetened condensed milk until smooth. Stir in lemon juice and vanilla. POUR into crust; chill 4 hours or until set. Top with desired amount of cherry pie filling before serving. TOPPING VARIATIONS BLUEBERRY: Omit cherry pie filling. Combine 1/4 cup sugar and 1 tablespoon cornstarch in medium bowl; mix well. Add 1/2 cup water, 2 tablespoons lemon juice then 2 cup fresh or dry-pack frozen blueberries, thawed; mix well. Bring to a boil; reduce heat and simmer 3 minutes or until thick and clear. Cool 10 minutes, stirring constantly.  <END>
INPUT: Mexican, salsa, beans, cilantro, onions, cumin, plum tomatoes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Avocado Stuffed with Black Bean Salsa | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup canned black beans (about half a 15-ounce can), drained and rinsed; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro; 2 tablespoons finely diced red onions; 1/4 teaspoon ground cumin; 2 plum tomatoes, seeded and diced; 1 lime, juiced; 1/2 red or green bell pepper, diced; 1/2 jalapeno, finely diced; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 medium avocados (not too ripe), sliced in half and pitted; 1 tablespoon olive oil; 1/2 teaspoon chile powder; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; Tortilla chips, for serving | INSTRUCTIONS: Prepare a grill for medium-high heat. For the black bean salsa: Stir together the beans, cilantro, red onions, cumin, tomatoes, lime juice, bell peppers and jalapenos in a medium bowl until well incorporated. Season with salt and pepper. For the grilled avocado: Brush the cut sides of the avocados with olive oil and place on the grill cut-side down. Cook until charred, about 1 minute. Season with the chile powder and some salt and pepper. To serve, fill the cavity of each avocado with the salsa and serve with tortilla chips. <END>
INPUT: tomatoes, beef, kosher salt, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Wine-Braised Brisket With Butternut Squash | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cups canned diced tomatoes; 4 cups beef, chicken, or vegetable broth, store-bought or homemade; 1 (750-mL) bottle white wine (Pinot Grigio, Sauvignon Blanc, etc.); 1 tablespoon kosher salt; 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 1 tablespoon vegetable oil; 2 1/2 pounds second cut brisket (also called deckle); 1 large onion, sliced; Handful of fresh thyme sprigs; 1 large butternut squash, peeled, seeded, and chopped into large chunks; Chopped fresh herbs, for serving | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 300ºF. In a large bowl, mix together the tomatoes, broth, wine, salt, and pepper. In a large enameled Dutch oven (with a tight-fitting lid), heat the oil over medium heat. Place the meat in the pan to sear, 2 to 3 minutes on each side, or until it is evenly browned. Remove the meat and set aside. Line the bottom of the Dutch oven with onion slices. Place the brisket on top of the onion and pour the tomato mixture over the meat, making sure that the liquid covers the meat entirely. If you are using a larger pot and the liquid does not cover the meat and vegetables, add water <END>
INPUT: mini, Apple Vanilla, all purpose flour, baking powder, baking soda, fine salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Apple-Vanilla Mini Muffins with Cider Glaze | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Apple-Vanilla Muffins:; 1 cup all-purpose flour; 1/2 teaspoon baking powder; 1/4 teaspoon baking soda; 1/4 teaspoon fine salt; Large pinch freshly grated nutmeg; 1/3 cup light brown sugar; 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened; 1/2 teaspoon pure vanilla extract; 1 large egg; 1/4 cup sour cream; 1/2 small apple, peeled, cored and cut into 1/4-inch pieces (about 1/2 cup); Cider Glaze:; 2 cups apple cider; 1 small cinnamon stick | INSTRUCTIONS: For the apple-vanilla muffins: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F and center an oven rack. Line a mini-muffin tray with your favorite liners. Combine the flour, baking powder, baking soda, salt and nutmeg together in a large bowl. Combine the sugar, butter and vanilla in the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with a paddle (or in a large bowl if using a hand mixer). Beat on medium-high speed until light and creamy, about 4 minutes, scraping as needed. Add the egg and beat until incorporated (don't worry if the batter curdles). Adjust to medium-low speed and alternate adding the flour mixture and the  <END>
INPUT: American, herb, salad, virgin olive oil, Juice lemon, avocados, assorted cherry tomatoes, Kirby cucumber
OUTPUT: TITLE: Avocado-Herb Salad with Goat Cheese | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil, plus more for drizzling; Juice of 1 lemon, plus wedges for serving; 2 avocados; 1 cup assorted cherry tomatoes, halved; 1 Kirby cucumber, quartered lengthwise and cut into 1/2-inch pieces; 1/4 cup torn fresh parsley; 1/4 cup roughly chopped fresh chives; Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper; 1 head Boston lettuce (or other tender greens), torn into pieces; Flaky sea salt; 1/2 cup crumbled goat cheese (about 2 ounces) | INSTRUCTIONS: Whisk the olive oil and lemon juice in a large bowl. Halve and pit the avocados, then cut into 1/2-inch pieces; add to the bowl and toss. Add the cherry tomatoes, cucumber, parsley, chives and 1/4 teaspoon each kosher salt and pepper. Gently toss until well combined. Place the lettuce in a large serving bowl. Drizzle lightly with olive oil and sprinkle with sea salt; toss to coat. Spoon the avocado salad over the lettuce, top with the goat cheese and season with more sea salt. Serve with lemon wedges. Photograph by David Malosh <END>
INPUT: chilled, soup, buttermilk, cucumbers, avocado, chicken broth, lemon juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chilled Cucumber Avocado Soup | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup buttermilk; 2 cucumbers, peeled, seeded, and chopped; 1 avocado (preferably California); 1/4 cup chicken broth; 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 1/4 teaspoon ground cumin, or to taste | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large measuring cup combine the buttermilk and enough ice cubes to measure 1 1/2 cups total. In a blender blend the buttermilk mixture with half the cucumber, the avocado, peeled and pitted, the broth, the lemon juice, and the cumin until the mixture is smooth. Divide the soup between chilled bowls and stir half the remaining cucumber into each serving. In a large measuring cup combine the buttermilk and enough ice cubes to measure 1 1/2 cups total. In a blender blend the buttermilk mixture with half the cucumber, the avocado, peeled and pitted, the broth, the lemon juice, and the cumin u <END>
INPUT: sauce, peaches, nectarine, sugar, water, lemon juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Peach and Nectarine Sauce with Almonds | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 peaches; 1 nectarine; 1/4 cup sugar; 1/2 cup water; 2 teaspoons fresh lemon juice; 2 teaspoons Southern Comfort, or to taste; Pinch of cinnamon; 1/4 cup sliced blanched almonds, toasted lightly | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large saucepan of boiling water blanch the peaches and the nectarines for 30 seconds, drain them, and let them cool. Peel, pit, and slice the fruit. In a large saucepan combine the sugar with 1/2 cup water, bring the mixture to a boil, stirring, and simmer it for 4 minutes. Add the fruit and the lemon juice and simmer the mixture for 15 to 20 minutes, or until the fruit is soft. Stir in the Southern Comfort, a pinch of salt, and the cinnamon. In a blender or food processor blend the mixture until it is smooth, transfer the puree to a bowl, and stir in the almonds. Serve the sauce warm.; <END>
INPUT: medley, corn, pepper, orange pepper, jalapeno pepper, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spicy Corn Medley | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 8 ears fresh corn; 1 red pepper; 1 orange pepper; 2 jalapeno pepper; 1 large onion; 3 tablespoons butter; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 tablespoon sugar; Freshly chopped tarragon leaves, to taste | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat grill over medium-high heat. Quick hit corn on grill to get a bit of color. Strip kernels off cob. Fine dice the peppers and onion. Place the butter into a saute pan over medium-high heat. Once melted, cook the peppers and onions until tender. Add sugar, salt and pepper, to taste. Add corn. Add tarragon at end. <END>
INPUT: Italian, risotto, chicken broth, olive oil, onion, garlic, portobello crimini mushrooms
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mushroom Risotto | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 8 cups chicken broth, low sodium; 3 tablespoons olive oil, divided; 1 onion, diced, divided; 2 garlic cloves, minced, divided; 1 pound fresh portobello and crimini mushrooms, sliced; 2 bay leaves; 2 tablespoons fresh thyme, chopped; 2 tablespoons fresh Italian parsley, chopped; 2 tablespoons butter; Salt and pepper; 1 tablespoon truffle oil; 1-ounce dried porcini mushrooms, wiped of grit; 2 cups Arborio rice; 1/2 cup dry white wine; 1/2 cup fresh Parmesan cheese, grated | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat the chicken broth in a medium saucepan and keep warm over low heat. Heat 1 tablespoon of oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Add 1/2 onion and 1 clove garlic, cook, stirring, until translucent, about 5 minutes. Add the fresh mushrooms, herbs and butter. Saute for 3 to 5 minutes until lightly browned, season with salt and pepper. Drizzle in truffle oil then add the dried porcini mushrooms which were reconstituted in1 cup of warm chicken broth. Season again with salt and fresh cracked pepper. Saute 1 minute then remove from heat and set aside. Coat a saucepan with remaining 2 tablespoo <END>
INPUT: baby artichokes, Japanese eggplants, lemons, Olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Lemons, Baby Artichokes, and Eggplant | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 12 baby artichokes, stems trimmed, dark outer leaves removed; 12 Japanese eggplants, halved lengthwise, or 2 medium-size eggplants cut crosswise into 1/2-inch rounds; 4 lemons, halved; Olive oil (for brushing) | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook baby artichokes in large saucepan of boiling salted water until tender when bottom is pierced with sharp knife, about 8 minutes. Drain and run under cold water to cool. Cut artichokes in half through stem; pat dry. DO AHEAD: Can be made 2 days ahead. Cover and chill. Prepare Barbecue ( medium heat). Brush cooked artichokes, Japanese eggplant, and cut side of lemons with olive oil. Sprinkle with salt and pepper. Grill vegetables until tender and slightly charred, about 2 minutes per side. Grill lemons, cut side down, until charred, about 2 minutes. Transfer vegetables to platter. Garnish w <END>
INPUT: American, torte, bacon, thyme, heavy cream, Pie Crusts, baking potatoes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Potato-Bacon Torte | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 4 strips bacon; 3 sprigs fresh thyme; 2/3 cup heavy cream; 2 Pie Crusts, recipe follows; 3 medium baking potatoes, peeled; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1/4 cup grated Gruyere cheese; 1 egg yolk, whisked with a splash of water; 1 cup butter (2 sticks), cubed and chilled; 2 1/4 cups all-purpose flour; 1 teaspoon salt; 8 to 10 tablespoons ice water | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. In a skillet over medium heat, cook the bacon until just crispy. Drain on paper towel lined plate and set aside. Crumble the bacon when cool to the touch. Meanwhile, in a small saucepan, heat the thyme and cream over low heat to a bare simmer. Turn off the heat and let steep for about 5 minutes. Remove the thyme sprigs. Remove the pie pan from the refrigerator. Slice the potatoes in half lengthwise and then finely slice the potatoes. Working in circles, arrange the potato slices in the pie crust, stopping to season each layer wi <END>
INPUT: water, lemon juice, sugar, honey
OUTPUT: TITLE: Honey Sweet Lemon Aid | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 gallon water; 1 1/2 quarts fresh lemon juice; 4 cups sugar; 1 cup honey | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine water, fresh lemon juice, sugar, and honey in a large pitcher. Stir until all ingredients are dissolved. Taste for balance. Refrigerate for 2 hours before serving. Chef's Note: For whisky spiked lemonade, use approximately 1.5 to 3 ounces whisky (recommended: Southern Comfort) for every 8 ounces of lemonade. <END>
INPUT: aioli, garlic, mayonnaise, lemon juice, virgin olive oil, za'atar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Za'atar Aioli | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 large garlic clove, peeled; 1 cup mayonnaise; 4 teaspoons fresh lemon juice; 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 1/4 cup za'atar | INSTRUCTIONS: With machine running, drop garlic through feed tube of processor and chop finely. Add mayonnaise and lemon juice. With machine running, drizzle in oil in thin stream, blending until smooth. Transfer to small bowl. Whisk in za'atar and season with salt and pepper. Let stand at least 30 minutes to allow flavors to develop. DO AHEAD: Can be made 1 day ahead. Cover and chill. Bring to room temperature before using. With machine running, drop garlic through feed tube of processor and chop finely. Add mayonnaise and lemon juice. With machine running, drizzle in oil in thin stream, blending until smo <END>
INPUT: Mexican, salsa, tomatillas, poblano pepper, each, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Shrimp with Tomatilla Salsa | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound tomatillas, papery skin removed and washed; 1 small poblano pepper; 1/4 bunch each, cilantro and parsley; 1 teaspoon salt; 1 pound (12 pieces) shrimp, head and shells on; Oil for brushing | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 425 degrees. Preheat grill. Place tomatilla and pepper on a cooking tray and roast for 20 minutes, or until tender and lightly brown. Cool completely. Place in food processor or blender with remaining salsa ingredients. Puree until smooth. Heat grill or grill pan until smoking, making sure the grill is very clean. Brush grill with oil and allow to burn off. Brush the shrimp with oil and sprinkle all sides with salt and pepper. Place on grill and cook 4 minutes on each side. Serve immediately with the tomatilla salsa. <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, hummus, shelled edamame, tahini, water, lemon zest, lemon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Edamame Hummus | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 pound frozen shelled edamame (green soy beans), about 1 1/2 cups; 1/4 cup tahini; 1/4 cup water; 1/2 teaspoon freshly grated lemon zest; 1 lemon (about 3 tablespoons), juiced; 1 clove garlic, smashed; 3/4 teaspoon kosher salt; 1/2 teaspoon ground cumin; 1/4 teaspoon ground coriander; 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh flat-leaf parsley; Suggested serving: Sliced cucumbers, celery, and olives | INSTRUCTIONS: Boil the beans in salted water for 4 to 5 minutes, or microwave, covered, for 2 to 3 minutes. In a food processor, puree the edamame, tahini, water, lemon zest and juice, garlic, salt, cumin, and coriander until smooth. With the motor running, slowly drizzle in 2 tablespoons of the olive oil and mix until absorbed. Transfer to a small bowl, stir in the parsley and drizzle with remaining oil. Serve with the suggested vegetables, or refrigerate, covered, up to 1 day. <END>
INPUT: Asian, yaki, sugar, mirin, miso, skin sea bass, vegetable oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Miso-Yaki Sea Bass | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup sugar; 2 tablespoons mirin (sweet Japanese rice wine); 2 tablespoons white miso (fermented soybean paste); 2 6-ounce skin-on black sea bass or branzino fillets, pin bones removed; 1 1/2 tablespoons vegetable oil, divided; Kosher salt, freshly ground pepper; 4 cups mixed salad greens; 1 tablespoon balsamic vinegar; Ingredient info: Mirin and white miso are available at some supermarkets | INSTRUCTIONS: Whisk sugar, mirin, and miso in a medium bowl to blend; add fish and turn to coat. Cover and chill, turning fish occasionally, at least 12 hours and up to 1 day. Heat 1 tablespoon oil in a medium nonstick skillet over medium heat. Remove fish from marinade, scraping off excess; season with salt and pepper. Cook fish skin side down until dark brown and caramelized, about 4 minutes. Turn fish over and cook until just opaque in the center, about 3 minutes longer. Meanwhile, heat remaining 1/2 tablespoons oil in a medium skillet over medium-high heat. Add greens and cook, tossing, just until wilte <END>
INPUT: Mexican, chips, unripe, canola oil, virgin olive oil, Cilantro Dipping Sauce
OUTPUT: TITLE: Plantain Chips with Warm Cilantro Dipping Sauce | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 3 large unripe (green) plantains; 1 cup canola oil; 1 cup extra-virgin olive oil; Warm Cilantro Dipping Sauce | INSTRUCTIONS: Trim off ends of plantains and cut 4 vertical slits in skin of each (do not cut into fruit). Microwave for 1 minute at 50 percent power, then pull off peel. Cut diagonally into thin (scant 1/8-inch) slices. Pour both oils into 3- to 4-inch-deep medium saucepan. Attach deep-fry thermometer to side of pan and heat oil to 350°F over medium heat. Working in batches, carefully add several plantain slices to hot oil. Cook until golden brown, turning occasionally, about 4 minutes. Using slotted spoon, transfer chips to paper towels to drain. Sprinkle with salt and pepper; cool slightly. Serve with Wa <END>
INPUT: vermouth, crème de cassis, ice cubes, soda
OUTPUT: TITLE: Vermouth Cassis | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 ounces dry vermouth; 1 ounce crème de cassis; 2 or 3 ice cubes; Club soda | INSTRUCTIONS: Pour the vermouth and crème de cassis into an Old-fashioned glass, whiskey sour glass or 8-ounce wineglass. Add ice cubes and fill with club soda. Pour the vermouth and crème de cassis into an Old-fashioned glass, whiskey sour glass or 8-ounce wineglass. Add ice cubes and fill with club soda. <END>
INPUT: Indian, cookies, unsalted butter, cardamom pods, all purpose flour, kosher salt, baking powder
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pistachio Cardamom Butter Cookies | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 10 tablespoons unsalted butter; 2 tablespoons whole cardamom pods, crushed; 1 cup all-purpose flour; 1 teaspoon kosher salt; 1/4 teaspoon baking powder; 1/2 cup sugar; 1 large egg; 1/2 cup chopped unsalted, shelled raw pistachios (about 2 1/4 ounces); 8 ounces white chocolate, coarsely chopped; 1 1/2 teaspoons vegetable oil; 1/2 cup finely chopped unsalted, shelled raw pistachios (about 2 1/4 ounces) | INSTRUCTIONS: Make the cookies: Cook butter and cardamom in a small saucepan over medium heat, stirring occasionally, until butter is golden brown and fragrant, 6–8 minutes. Let stand 15 minutes, then strain butter through a fine-mesh sieve into a small bowl. Freeze until just firm, about 15 minutes. Meanwhile, whisk flour, salt, and baking powder in a small bowl. Transfer butter to the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment; add sugar. Beat on medium-high speed until pale and well combined, about 2 minutes. Add egg and beat until combined, scraping down sides of bowl as needed. Add dry ing <END>
INPUT: cookies, egg, sugar, creamy peanut butter, vanilla extract
OUTPUT: TITLE: Peanut Butter and Jelly Cookies | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 egg; 3/4 cup sugar; 1 cup creamy peanut butter; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; Nonstick cooking spray; 4 teaspoons reduced-sugar grape jelly | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. In a medium bowl, whisk the egg and sugar together until thoroughly combined. Add the peanut butter and vanilla extract, and stir to combine. The batter will be thick at this point, now it is time to scoop. Using a scant 1 tablespoon portion, drop the batter onto a parchment-lined baking sheet. Spray a small offset spatula with cooking spray and press the balls down until they are 1/3-inch thick; press a little more deeply in the center. Fill each with 1/4 teaspoon of the grape jelly and spread it in a thin layer. Bake until gol <END>
INPUT: caribbean, vegetable oil, onion, bay leaves, kosher salt, allspice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Caribbean Chicken Pepper Pot | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup vegetable oil; 1 medium onion, halved and sliced; 2 bay leaves; 1 1/2 tablespoons kosher salt, plus additional for seasoning; 2 teaspoons ground allspice; 1 heaping teaspoon dried thyme; 1/3 cup tomato paste; Freshly ground black pepper; 8 skinless, bone-in chicken thighs (about 2 1/2 pounds); 3 1/2 cups water; 1 Scotch bonnet chile, pierced (if you like it really hot, mince it); 8 ounces fresh okra, trimmed, halved crosswise; 3 thick sweet potatoes (about 2 pounds), each cut into 4 rounds with skin on; 1 bunch collard greens (about 1 pound), stems removed, chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat a 7-liter pressure cooker over medium heat. Stir in the oil, onion, bay leaves, 1 1/2 tablespoons salt, the allspice, and thyme; cook, uncovered, until soft, about 8 minutes. Increase the heat to high, stir in the tomato paste, and cook, stirring and scraping, until it turns brick red, about 2 minutes. Season the chicken with some salt and black pepper, to taste, and add it to the pot, turning to coat with the tomato and onion. Stir in the water, then add the chile, okra, potatoes, and collard greens in that order. You don't need to stir--the collards will cook down and keep everything mo <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, salad, onions, cucumbers, onion, Kosher salt pepper, rice wine vinegar, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pickled Cucumber Salad with Red Onions and Feta | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 2 large cucumbers, peeled and cut into 1/4-inch thick slices; 1 red onion, thinly sliced; Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper; 1/2 cup rice wine vinegar; 1 tablespoon sugar; 1/2 cup crumbled feta cheese; 1/4 cup loosely packed chopped fresh dill, plus a few fronds for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Place the cucumbers and onions in a large serving bowl. Season with salt and pepper. In a small glass measuring cup, whisk together the rice vinegar and sugar. Pour over the cucumbers and onions and toss to combine. Cover tightly and chill in the refrigerator for at least 1 hour to allow the flavors to develop. Top with the feta cheese and fresh dill just before serving. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, yellow, salad, cumin, lime juice, vegetable oil, turmeric, water
OUTPUT: TITLE: Yellow Rice Salad with Roasted Peppers and Spicy Black Beans | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 4 teaspoons ground cumin; 1/4 cup fresh lime juice; 2 1/2 tablespoons vegetable oil; 1/2 teaspoon turmeric; 2 cups water; 1 cup basmati rice; 1 teaspoon salt; 1/2 cup thinly sliced green onions; 1 15- to 16-ounce can black beans, rinsed, drained; 1/2 cup chopped roasted red peppers from jar; 1/2 cup chopped green bell pepper; 1/3 cup chopped fresh cilantro; 1 1/2 teaspoons minced chipotle chilies* | INSTRUCTIONS: Stir 3 teaspoons cumin in small dry skillet over medium heat just until fragrant, about 1 minute. Remove from heat. Whisk lime juice and oil into skillet. Stir turmeric and remaining cumin in heavy medium saucepan over medium heat until fragrant, about 1 minute. Add 2 cups water, rice and salt; bring to boil. Reduce heat to low and cover; simmer until water is absorbed, about 15 minutes. Cool rice. Mix onions and half of dressing into rice. Season with salt and pepper. Combine black beans, all peppers, cilantro, chipotle chilies, and remaining dressing in medium bowl. Toss to coat. Season with <END>
INPUT: well bottles champagne, well cranberry juice, Grand Marnier other
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cranberry Champagne Cocktail | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 well-chilled 750-ml. bottles champagne or sparkling cider; 1 cup well-chilled cranberry juice cocktail, or to taste; 3 tablespoons Grand Marnier or other orange-flavored liqueur, or to taste, if desired | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large pitcher stir together well the champagne, the cranberry juice cocktail and the Grand Marnier. In a large pitcher stir together well the champagne, the cranberry juice cocktail and the Grand Marnier. <END>
INPUT: Italian, potatoes, parchment, sea bass, Kosher salt pepper, thyme, bay leaves, parsley
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sea Bass with Potatoes and Tomatoes in Parchment with Angel Hair Pasta and Arugula Salad with Lemon  | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 sea bass (about 2 pounds) scaled and cleaned with head and tail on; Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper; 6 sprigs fresh thyme; 4 fresh bay leaves; 8 sprigs parsley; 1 large potato, peeled, thinly sliced; 1/2 red onion, sliced paper thin; 8 cherry tomatoes, sliced in half; 3 tablespoons olive oil; 1/2 cup dry white wine, plus 1 cup wine, for sauce; 2 shallots, diced; 2 cloves garlic, minced; 2 cups clam broth; 3/4 pound angel hair pasta, cooked al dente; Extra virgin olive oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F. Place the fish on one half of a sheet of parchment paper large enough to wrap the entire fish. Season the fish inside and out with salt and pepper. Tuck the herbs inside of the fish. Spread the potatoes, onion and tomatoes over and around the fish. Drizzle with the 3 tablespoons olive oil and the 1/2 cup wine and season again with salt and pepper. Fold the other half of the paper over the fish, double fold the edges and crimp. Place the package on a baking sheet and place in the center of the oven and bake for 25 minutes. In a saute pan, sweat shallots and ga <END>
INPUT: duchesse, potatoes, milk, egg yolks, dark seeds nigella
OUTPUT: TITLE: Duchesse Potato Ghosts | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 pounds large red potatoes; 3/4 stick (6 tablespoons) unsalted butter, cut into pieces; 1 1/4 cups milk; 3 large egg yolks; Small dark seeds such as nigella (black onion seeds), cumin seeds, or caraway seeds for ghosts; "eyes | INSTRUCTIONS: Peel and quarter potatoes and in a large saucepan cover with salted cold water by 2 inches. Bring water to a boil and simmer potatoes until tender, about 15 minutes. While potatoes are simmering, in a small saucepan heat butter with milk over moderately low heat until melted and keep warm. Drain potatoes in a colander and force through a ricer or food mill into a bowl. With an electric mixer beat in milk mixture, yolks, and salt and pepper to taste. Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. Spread about one third potatoes in a buttered 1-quart gratin dish and transfer remaining potatoes to a pastry bag f <END>
INPUT: American, carolina, hash, hickory barbecue seasoning, pork tenderloin, virgin Bloody Mary, peach nectar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Carolina Pork Tenderloin with Peach BBQ Sauce and Sweet Potato Hash Browns | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: Nonstick cooking spray; 1 tablespoon hickory barbecue seasoning blend; 2 pounds pork tenderloin, cleaned; 2 cups prepared virgin Bloody Mary mix; 1 1/2 cups peach nectar; 1 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce; 1/4 cup apple cider vinegar; 3 tablespoons brown sugar; 1 teaspoon granulated garlic; 2 teaspoons hot sauce; Freshly cracked black pepper; 2 1/2 cups chopped frozen peaches; 3 tablespoons vegetable oil; 2 tablespoons butter; 4 cups sweet potatoes, peeled and shredded | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F. Spray a large ovenproof skillet with nonstick cooking spray. Sprinkle the barbecue seasoning blend over the pork tenderloin. Quickly sear the meat on all sides over medium heat. Meanwhile, while meat is searing, start the hash browns by adding the vegetable oil and butter to another large skillet. Add the shredded sweet potatoes, onion and bell pepper blend, and celery leaves in a single layer. Cook over medium heat for 3 to 4 minutes without stirring. Stir in the salt and pepper, to taste, and continue to cook until potatoes are tender, about 10 to 12 minutes. O <END>
INPUT: Mexican, salad, Kosher salt, cantaloupe, lime juice, olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pork Cutlets With Cantaloupe Salad | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 4 (1/2-inch–thick) pork cutlets; Kosher salt; 1 cup coarsely grated cantaloupe, plus 2 cups thinly sliced (divided); 4 tablespoons fresh lime juice, divided; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 4 scallions, thinly sliced; 1 red chile, thinly sliced; 1/4 cup chopped cilantro; 2 tablespoons fish sauce; Crushed salted, roasted peanuts (for serving) | INSTRUCTIONS: Prick pork cutlets all over with a fork; season with salt. Transfer to a large resealable plastic bag; add coarsely grated cantaloupe, 2 Tbsp. lime juice, and oil. Seal bag and toss to coat; chill 1 hour. Prepare a grill for medium-high heat. Remove pork from marinade and grill, turning, until browned and cooked through, about 4 minutes; transfer to a platter. Toss together scallions, chile, thinly sliced cantaloupe, cilantro, fish sauce, and remaining 2 Tbsp. lime juice. Arrange salad over pork; top with peanuts. Prick pork cutlets all over with a fork; season with salt. Transfer to a large r <END>
INPUT: frittata, eggs, olive oil, onion, broccoli, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Broccoli and Cheddar Frittata | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 8 large eggs; 2 teaspoons olive oil; 1 small red onion, sliced (about 1 cup); 2 cups chopped cooked broccoli; 1/4 teaspoon salt; Freshly ground black pepper; 1/2 cup shredded extra-sharp Cheddar (2 ounces) | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Separate 4 of the eggs, putting the whites into a medium sized bowl and discarding the yolks. Add the 4 whole eggs and 2 tablespoons of water to the whites and whisk well. In a medium ovenproof nonstick skillet heat the oil over a medium flame. Add the onion and cook until it begins to soften, about 5 minutes. Add the broccoli and cook for another 2 minutes. Season with salt and a few turns of pepper. Pour the egg mixture over the vegetables in the skillet covering them evenly. Reduce the heat to medium-low, cover, and let cook until the egg mixture has set aroun <END>
INPUT: tini, blueberry flavored vodka, vanilla flavored vodka, sweet liqueur, blueberries
OUTPUT: TITLE: Blu-tini | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 part blueberry-flavored vodka (recommended: Stoli Blue); 1 part vanilla-flavored vodka (recommended: Stoli Vanilla); Splash sweet blue liqueur (recommended: Blue Curacao); Fresh or frozen blueberries, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Fill cocktail shaker with ice cubes. Add all ingredients except berries and shake well. Pour into martini glass and garnish with blueberries. <END>
INPUT: American, salad, Simply Potatoes® Steakhouse, chipotle light mayonnaise, sour cream, chives, garlic salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cheddar and Bacon Potato Salad | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 package Simply Potatoes® Steakhouse Seasoned Diced Potatoes*; 1/2 cup chipotle or light mayonnaise; 1/2 cup sour cream; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh chives; 1/4 teaspoon garlic salt; Freshly ground pepper to taste; 1/3 cup Reduced-Fat Shredded Sharp Cheddar Cheese; 1/4 cup real bacon pieces; 1/4 cup finely chopped red onion | INSTRUCTIONS: Place potatoes and 1/4 cup water in a microwaveable bowl. Cover; microwave on HIGH heat 10 to 12 minutes, until potatoes are tender. Cool. Mix mayonnaise, sour cream, chives, garlic salt, and pepper in a large serving bowl until well blended. Gently stir potatoes into dressing until well coated. Sprinkle with cheese, bacon, and red onion; cover and refrigerate until ready to serve. Stir toppings in just before serving. <END>
INPUT: spring, vegetables, Mandarin orange juice, Grand Marnier, ginger, Mandarin orange zest, duck chicken stock
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mandarin Orange Glazed Duck with Vermicelli and Spring Vegetables | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 12 cups Mandarin orange juice; 1 cup Grand Marnier; 3 tablespoons minced ginger; 1/2 cup Mandarin orange zest; 2 cups duck or chicken stock; 1/2 cup sugar; 2 pieces star anise; Salt; Pepper; 30 Peking duck breasts; 3 pounds rice stick noodles (vermicelli), cooked according to package instructions; 3 pounds assorted patty pan squash, steamed | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. In a large saucepan, combine the orange juice, Grand Marnier, ginger, orange zest, stock, sugar and star anise. Bring to a boil, reduce to a simmer and simmer until reduced by half. Season with salt and pepper. Remove from the heat, remove the star anise and cool. Separate the glaze into 2 containers. Score the skin of the duck breasts in a diamond pattern with a sharp knife. Season the duck with salt and pepper. Place the duck breasts, skin side up, in a large baking dish. Place the duck in the oven and roast for 10 minutes. Remove the duck from the oven. Lo <END>
INPUT: Indian, pudding, milk, cardamom pods, arrowroot, sugar, pistachios walnuts
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cardamom Milk Pudding | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 3 1/2 cups whole milk; 1 tablespoon green or white cardamom pods, slightly crushed; 1/3 cup arrowroot; 1/2 cup sugar; 2 tablespoons chopped pistachios or walnuts | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring milk, cardamom pods, and a pinch of salt just to a boil in a 2-quart heavy saucepan, then remove from heat and let stand, covered, 5 minutes. Whisk together arrowroot and sugar in a large bowl, then whisk in hot milk mixture. Return to saucepan and simmer, stirring constantly, until thickened, about 2 minutes. Strain through a fine-mesh sieve into a bowl, discarding solids. Chill pudding, its surface covered with wax paper, until very cold, at least 4 hours. Serve sprinkled with nuts. Bring milk, cardamom pods, and a pinch of salt just to a boil in a 2-quart heavy saucepan, then remove f <END>
INPUT: curried, pumpkin seeds, coconut oil, curry powder, kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Curried Pumpkin Seeds | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups raw pumpkin seeds; 2 tablespoons coconut oil; 1 tablespoon curry powder; 1 1/2 teaspoons kosher salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 300 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper. Toss the pumpkin seeds in a large bowl with the coconut oil until well coated. Sprinkle with the curry powder and salt and toss to coat completely. Spread the seeds in a single layer on the prepared baking sheet. Bake, stirring halfway through and rotating the baking sheet, until golden brown, about 20 minutes. Serve warm or at room temperature. <END>
INPUT: bacon, onion, parsley, bread crumbs, clams
OUTPUT: TITLE: Stuffed Clams | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 bacon slices; 1/4 onion, chopped; 1/4 cup parsley, chopped; 1/2 cup fresh bread crumbs; 12 clams, shucked and juice reserved; Salt; Pepper; 1 lemon; Tabasco sauce; 1/2 stick butter | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook bacon in microwave oven or on stove top. Let cool and crumble into medium bowl. Add onion, parsley and bread crumbs. Chop up clams and add to breadcrumb mixture. Moisten with reserved clam liquor. Season with salt, pepper, squirt of lemon and a dash of Tabasco sauce. Fill clam shells with mixture and place in a baking dish. Top clams with dots of butter and more bread crumbs. Broil until browned. Serve. <END>
INPUT: garlic, ginger, five spice powder, salt, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pan-Seared Five-Spice Duck Breast with Balsamic Jus | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 large garlic clove, finely chopped; 1 tbsp grated peeled fresh ginger; 2 tsp five-spice powder; 1 tsp salt; 1/2 tsp freshly ground pepper; 4 single duck breasts; 1 tbsp extra-virgin olive oil; 1/4 cup/60 ml dry red wine; 2 tbsp balsamic vinegar | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large, heavy self-sealing plastic bag, combine the garlic, ginger, five-spice powder, salt, and pepper. Add the duck breasts, seal, and refrigerate for at least 1 hour or up to 24 hours. Remove from the refrigerator 1 hour before cooking. Preheat the oven to 400°F/200°C/gas 6. In a large ovenproof sauté pan, heat the olive oil over medium-high heat until shimmering. Sear the duck breast, skin side down, for 5 minutes; turn and sear for 5 minutes on the other side. Transfer the pan to the oven and roast for 5 minutes for medium-rare. Transfer the duck breasts to a plate and keep warm. To m <END>
INPUT: benedict, deli ham, distilled vinegar, eggs, wine, lemon juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Eggs Benedict Rx | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 thin slices deli ham; 2 tablespoons distilled white vinegar; 2 large eggs; 1/3 cup dry white wine; 2 tablespoons lemon juice; 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, cut into small pieces; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 whole-wheat 100-calorie English muffins, halved and toasted; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh chives | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook the ham in a small skillet over medium heat until browned on both sides. Set aside. Fill a medium saucepan with a tight-fitting lid with 2 inches of water. Add the vinegar and bring to a boil. Meanwhile, crack each egg into separate small heatproof mugs. Bring the boiling vinegar water to a simmer and gently lower the mugs all the way into the water. Carefully remove the mugs and leave the eggs behind. Cover and simmer the eggs for 3 minutes. If the yolks appear underdone for your liking, continue cooking them for 1 minute more. Remove the eggs with a slotted spoon to a paper-towel-lined  <END>
INPUT: chowder, celeriac, butter, Spanish onions, garlic, Sakonnet Fume Vidal, celery roots
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chowder of Scallops, Celeriac, and Potato with Caramelized Pear and Roasted, Crushed Chestnuts | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 to 3 tablespoons butter; 2 medium Spanish onions, sliced; 2 to 3 garlic cloves, minced; 1 bottle Sakonnet Fume Vidal wine; 5 to 6 celery roots, peeled and quartered; 5 to 6 medium size Yukon gold potatoes, peeled and quartered; Chicken broth or water, to cover; 1 1/4 cups heavy cream; Salt and white pepper; Lemon juice, to taste; 1 celery root, peeled and diced; 2 medium size Yukon gold potatoes, peeled and diced; 2 to 3 tablespoons vegetable oil; 2 pounds medium size, dry packed sea scallops; 3 to 4 Bartlett pears, peeled and diced | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large stockpot, melt the butter over medium heat. Add onions and garlic and saute until softened, but not browned. Add the wine and continue cooking until volume is reduced by half. Add the celery root and potatoes. Cover with stock or water by 1-inch. Bring to a boil over high heat, reduce heat to a low simmer, and cook until potatoes are very tender. Using an immersion blender, puree the vegetables until very smooth. Add the cream and return to a simmer. Stir constantly; at this point the soup can burn easily. Season with salt, white pepper, and lemon juice, to taste. Meanwhile, place t <END>
INPUT: American, hamburgers, chuck beef, garlic, eggs, Salt pepper, crumbled cheese
OUTPUT: TITLE: Blue Cheese Hamburgers | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 pounds ground chuck beef; 2 tablespoons minced garlic; 2 eggs, beaten; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 6 ounces crumbled blue cheese; 6 ounces unsalted cold butter, cut into small cubes, divided; 1/4 cup canola oil, for frying; 6 large potato rolls, or rolls of choice; Iceberg lettuce; 2 tomatoes, sliced; 1 red onion, sliced into rings; Mustard, ketchup and mayonnaise, optional | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. In a large mixing bowl combine the beef, garlic, beaten eggs, and salt and pepper, to taste. Divide the meat mixture into 6 round even patties. Press 1-ounce of blue cheese and 1-ounce of the cold butter into the center of the formed patty. Remold the patty so that all the cheese and butter are hidden inside the center. Continue until all the beef patties have been formed. Refrigerate for 10 to 15 minutes. Pour the oil into a large skillet over medium-high. When the oil is smoking, add the beef patties and cook on both sides until golden brown. Remove to a sh <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, lemon, baby artichokes, virgin olive oil, lemon juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Baby Artichokes with Olive Oil and Lemon | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 1 lemon, halved; 12 baby artichokes; 2/3 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 1/3 cup fresh lemon juice | INSTRUCTIONS: Squeeze juice from lemon into bowl of cold water. Cut stem off 1 artichoke, leaving about 1 inch. Snap off bottom 3 rows of leaves. Cut off tip of artichoke. Halve artichoke lengthwise. Scrape out choke. Place in lemon water. Repeat with remaining artichokes. Bring large pot of salted water to boil. Add artichokes and boil until crisp-tender, about 6 minutes. Drain; pat dry. Prepare barbecue (medium heat). Mix oil and 1/3 cup lemon juice in small bowl. Brush artichokes with some of dressing. Grill until tender and charred in spots, about 5 minutes per side. Transfer to large bowl. Mix in dress <END>
INPUT: Italian, frittata, supreme, eggs, sheep's milk ricotta, Salt pepper, Olive oil, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Ricotta Frittata Supreme Pizza | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 8 eggs; 1 1/2 cups sheep's milk ricotta; Salt and pepper; Olive oil; 2 cloves garlic, grated or minced; 1 link Italian sausage, removed from casing; 1/2 small yellow onion, diced; 1 cubanelle pepper, sliced or chopped; 4 crimini mushrooms, stemmed and sliced; 1/2 cup Pizza Sauce, recipe follows; 1/4 cup diced pepperoni; 3/4 cup shredded mozzarella; 3/4 cup grated Parmigiano-Reggiano; One 14-ounce can San Marzano tomatoes; Drizzle of good olive oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Whisk together the eggs and ricotta in large mixing bowl and season with salt and pepper. Heat 2 tablespoons olive oil in a medium skillet over medium heat. Add the garlic and stir for a few seconds, until fragrant. Add the egg-ricotta mixture and cook, stirring gently, until it starts to set, a few minutes. Transfer to the oven and bake until nearly set, about 12 minutes. Meanwhile, heat 1 tablespoon olive oil in another medium skillet over medium-high heat. Add the sausage to the pan, breaking it up with the back of a wooden spoon; cook until cooked through <END>
INPUT: mousse, cake, water, sugar, semisweet bittersweet chocolate, eggs
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate Mousse Cake with Cinnamon Cream | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/3 cup of water; 1/3 cup sugar; 1 stick (1/2 cup) unsalted butter, cut into pieces; 12 ounces semisweet or bittersweet chocolate (not unsweetened), chopped coarse; 6 large eggs; 1/3 cup strong brewed coffee; 2 tablespoons dark rum if desired; 1/2 teaspoon cinnamon; 1 cup well-chilled heavy cream; 2 tablespoons sugar; 1 teaspoon cinnamon | INSTRUCTIONS: Make cake: Preheat oven to 325°F. Butter an 8-inch round cake pan (about 2 inches deep) and line bottom with a round of parchment paper or foil. In medium saucepan bring water and sugar to a simmer over moderate heat, stirring occasionally. Add butter and simmer, stirring occasionally, until melted. Remove pan from heat and add chocolate, swirling pan to submerge chocolate in hot syrup. Let chocolate stand in syrup 3 minutes and whisk until smooth. In a large bowl whisk together eggs, coffee, rum, and cinnamon. Add chocolate mixture, whisking until well combined, and pour into cake pan. Put ca <END>
INPUT: benedict, English muffins, vinegar, salt, Canadian bacon, eggs
OUTPUT: TITLE: Poached Eggs Benedict | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 English muffins, split in half and toasted; 2 tablespoons white vinegar; 1 tablespoon salt; 8 slices Canadian bacon; 8 large eggs; 3 tablespoons chopped chives; 3 large egg yolks; 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice; 1 stick unsalted butter, melted and still warm; 1/8 teaspoon cayenne pepper; Salt and pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Poached Eggs: Fill a 12-inch skillet nearly to the rim with water. Add the vinegar, 1 teaspoon of salt and bring to a gentle simmer over medium heat. While water comes to a simmer cook the bacon in a 12-inch fry pan over medium heat until well-browned on each side. Transfer to a paper towel-lined plate and cover with foil to keep warm. When water comes to a simmer crack an egg into a cup and carefully slide it into the hot poaching liquid. Quickly repeat with remaining eggs. Using a slotted spoon carefully corral the white of each egg around its yolk. Poach the eggs, turning them occasionally  <END>
INPUT: sauce, apple cider, sugar, pepper, bourbon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Bourbon Cider Mop Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 tablespoons (3/4 stick) salted butter; 1 1/2 cups apple cider; 1/3 cup brown sugar; 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground pepper; 1/2 cup bourbon | INSTRUCTIONS: Melt the butter in a saucepan. Add the cider, sugar and pepper to bring to a boil. Remove the pan from the heat and stir in the bourbon. Correct the seasoning, adding salt, to taste. <END>
INPUT: flares, seitan, virgin olive oil, your favorite hot, pure maple syrup, lime juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Seitan Flares | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound seitan, torn or cut into chunks large enough to fit loosely on the grill grate, or skewered; Extra-virgin olive oil; 1/4 cup of your favorite hot sauce, Frank's Red Hot Cayenne Pepper Sauce preferred; 3 tablespoons pure maple syrup; 1/4 cup freshly squeezed lime juice; 1/2 teaspoon salt; Ground cayenne pepper (the more, the hotter!); 2 tablespoons chopped fresh oregano (optional) | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat the grill to medium-high. Prepare the seitan: Marinate the seitan in the olive oil to cover for 1 hour. Grill the seitan until lightly browned, 3 to 5 minutes or longer, turning often. Transfer to a bowl. Meanwhile, make the sauce, if using: In a glass measure, whisk together the hot sauce, maple syrup, lime juice, salt, and cayenne pepper to taste. Microwave the mixture for 1 minute or until fairly hot, or whisk the mixture together in a small saucepan and place it over direct heat on the grill until it is hot, 4 to 5 minutes, or longer depending on the grill. Add the mixture to the seit <END>
INPUT: scented, grapeseed oil, leek, honey, lavender, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lavender Honey Scented Scallops | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups grapeseed oil, for frying plus 2 tablespoons; 1 leek, green stalk only, thinly sliced lengthwise; 1/4 cup honey; 1 teaspoon dried lavender; 1 teaspoon sugar; 1 lemon, juiced; 18 diver (dry packed) scallops, 10 to 20 count; Salt and freshly cracked black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: In small saucepan, over high heat, add 2 cups grapeseed oil and bring to 350 degrees F. Carefully drop the leeks into the oil and fry until golden brown. Remove them from oil to paper towels to dry and set aside until plating. In a separate saucepan over low heat, blend the honey, lavender, sugar and lemon juice. Cook for 5 to 10 minutes, being careful not scorch. In a large saute pan over high heat, add the remaining 2 tablespoons of grapeseed oil and heat to the verge of smoking. Pat the scallops dry with a paper towel, season with salt and pepper, and add them to the grapeseed oil, in batch <END>
INPUT: butternut squash, garlic, olive oil, sage, low salt chicken
OUTPUT: TITLE: Polenta with Butternut Squash | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 pounds butternut squash, halved lengthwise, seeded; 6 large garlic cloves, unpeeled; 3 tablespoons olive oil; 3/4 teaspoon dried rubbed sage; 2 3/4 cups canned low-salt chicken broth; 1 3/4 cups water; 1 1/2 teaspoons salt; 1 1/2 cups polenta (coarse cornmeal)*; 1 tablespoon minced fresh sage; 3/4 cup freshly grated Parmesan cheese (about 2 1/4 ounces) | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 375°F. Arrange squash, cut side up, in large roasting pan. Place garlic cloves in squash cavities. Drizzle oil over. Sprinkle with dried sage, salt and pepper. Cover with foil and bake until squash is tender, about 1 hour 35 minutes. Cool slightly. Peel squash and garlic. Transfer to processor and puree. Combine broth, 1 3/4 cups water and 1 1/2 teaspoons salt in heavy large saucepan. Bring to boil. Gradually whisk in polenta. Reduce heat to medium-low and cook until mixture is very thick and creamy, stirring often, about 20 minutes. Stir in fresh sage and 3 cups squash puree ( <END>
INPUT: orange, carrots, garlic, olive oil, Kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pork Chops with Carrots and Toasted Buckwheat | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 orange; 1 1/2 pounds carrots, scrubbed, halved lengthwise, cut into 2" pieces; 1 garlic clove, finely grated; 2 tablespoons olive oil, plus more; Kosher salt; 2 teaspoons fresh lime juice, plus more; 3/4 cup pearled buckwheat groats; 1 tablespoon vegetable oil; 2 1"-thick bone-in pork shoulder chops (about 8–10 ounces each); 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, divided; 1/4 cup dill sprigs; Aleppo or Urfa pepper or crushed red pepper flakes | INSTRUCTIONS: Cut all peel and white pith from orange; discard. Working over a small bowl, cut along sides of membranes to release segments; squeeze in juice as well. Preheat oven to 450°. Toss carrots, garlic, and 2 tablespoons olive oil on a rimmed baking sheet; season with salt. Roast, tossing once, until tender and browned, 15–20 minutes. While carrots are still hot, add orange segments and juice and 2 teaspoons lime juice and toss to coat. Set aside. Meanwhile, cook buckwheat in a large saucepan of boiling salted water until tender but not falling apart, 10–15 minutes. Drain; rinse under cold water. Sp <END>
INPUT: Asian, salad, dressing, wine vinegar, rice vinegar, soy sauce, garlic, piece ginger root
OUTPUT: TITLE: Green Bean Salad with Asian-Style Dressing | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons white-wine vinegar; 2 tablespoons rice vinegar; 2 teaspoons soy sauce; 1 garlic clove, minced; a 1-inch piece fresh ginger root, peeled and minced (about 1 tablespoon); 2 teaspoons Asian sesame oil; 1/3 cup canola or vegetable oil; 1 tablespoon sesame seeds; 2 pounds green beans, trimmed; 2 scallions, chopped fine (about 2 tablespoons) | INSTRUCTIONS: In a small bowl, whisk together vinegars, soy sauce, garlic, ginger root, and sesame oil. Add canola or vegetable oil in a stream, whisking, and whisk until emulsified. Season dressing with salt and pepper. In a small dry skillet toast sesame seeds over moderate heat, stirring, until golden and transfer to a small bowl. In a large saucepan of boiling salted water, cook beans until crisp-tender, about 4 minutes. Transfer beans to a colander and rinse under cold water. Drain beans well. In a large bowl, combine beans, scallions, sesame seeds, and dressing and toss well. Serve salad chilled or at <END>
INPUT: chicken, butter, garlic, Salt, wine
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken Sauté with Garlic | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 1/2 to 4 pound chicken, quartered; 4-6 tablespoons butter; 2 finely chopped cloves garlic; Salt, freshly ground pepper; 1/2 cup white wine (Pouilly Fuissé or White Pinot); Garnish: chopped parsley | INSTRUCTIONS: Brown the chicken pieces in the butter, turning each piece to color evenly. When pieces are browned, add chopped garlic and continue cooking for a minute or two. Add salt and freshly ground pepper to taste and 1/2 cup white wine. Cook gently over a low flame until chicken is tender. Remove chicken to a hot platter and pour the pan juices over it. Garnish the sautéed chicken with finely chopped parsley. Brown the chicken pieces in the butter, turning each piece to color evenly. When pieces are browned, add chopped garlic and continue cooking for a minute or two. Add salt and freshly ground pepp <END>
INPUT: bisque, unsalted butter, virgin olive oil, garlic, carrots, celery
OUTPUT: TITLE: Creamy Lobster Bisque | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon unsalted butter; 1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil; 6 cloves garlic, smashed; 3 carrots, roughly chopped; 2 ribs celery, roughly chopped; 2 red onions, roughly chopped; 1/2 teaspoon sea salt; Freshly cracked pepper; 1 ounce brandy; 1 cup good white wine; 6 cups organic vegetable stock; 1/3 cup tomato paste; 1/2 teaspoon fresh peppercorns; 3 cooked lobster carcasses, chopped; 2 bay leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: 1 bunch fresh chives, for garnish For the lobster broth: Heat a large soup pot on medium and add the butter, olive oil, garlic, carrots, celery and onions. Add the sea salt and some freshly cracked pepper and saute for about 8 minutes. Deglaze the pan with the brandy and burn off the alcohol. Pour in the white wine and reduce for 1 to 2 minutes. Add the vegetable stock, tomato paste, peppercorns, lobster carcasses (keep meat for later), bay leaves, parsley and thyme. Top of with water, just enough to cover the shells. Turn the heat down to medium-low and simmer, partially covered, for 1 hour.  <END>
INPUT: Italian, torelli, olive oil, eggplant, Salt pepper, Flour, spinach pasta
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spinach Torelli with Cherry Tomatoes and Black Olives | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 quart plus 1/4 cup olive oil; 1/2 eggplant, peeled and cubed; Salt and freshly ground pepper; Flour, for dredging; 4 ounces spinach pasta; 1 teaspoon finely sliced garlic; 2 anchovy fillets; 1 pint cherry tomatoes, sliced in 1/2; 1/4 cup whole black olives; 1 tablespoon capers; 4 sprigs fresh basil, leaves only; 1 red tomato, cut in 1/2 | INSTRUCTIONS: In a 12-inch skillet, heat 1 quart of olive oil until it reaches 375 degrees F. Season the eggplant cubes with salt and pepper, and then dredge them in flour. When the oil is at the right temperature, add the eggplant and fry until golden brown. Remove with a slotted spoon and set aside to drain on paper towels. Cook the pasta in a large pot of boiling, salted water until al dente. Heat 1/4 cup olive oil in a medium saucepan over medium heat. Add the garlic and suate for 1 minute. Then add the anchovy fillets, cherry tomatoes, black olives, capers, and basil, and saute for 2 minutes. Once the  <END>
INPUT: soup, balls, matzo meal, kosher salt, pepper, onion powder eggs, schmaltz vegetable oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken Soup with Matzo Balls | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups matzo meal; 1 tablespoon kosher salt, plus more for seasoning; 1/2 teaspoon ground white pepper; 1 tablespoon onion powder 8 extra-large eggs; 1/2 cup schmaltz or vegetable oil; 1 cup small diced onions; 1/2 cup small diced carrots; 1/2 cup small diced celery; 2 tablespoons schmaltz or vegetable oil; 4 quarts good-quality chicken stock; 2 bay leaves; Kosher salt and black pepper; 1 cup cooked fine egg noodles; 1 cup shredded cooked chicken breast meat | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. For the matzo balls: Combine the matzo meal, salt, pepper and onion powder in a large bowl. Combine the eggs and schmaltz in a second large bowl. Very gently mix the wet ingredients into the dry ingredients. Cover and refrigerate for one hour. Bring a large pot of water to boil and season well with salt. Using wet hands, form the matzo mixture into 1 1/2-ounce balls. (Be gentle: overmixing can result in tough, hard dumplings.) Add the dumplings to the pot of water and cook until cooked all the way through, about 45 minutes. The dumplings can be held in warm water <END>
INPUT: rolls, granulated sugar, cinnamon, All purpose flour, batch Basic Sweet
OUTPUT: TITLE: Classic Cinnamon Rolls | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 sticks (12 tablespoons) unsalted butter, softened, plus more for the pan; 1/3 cup granulated sugar; 2 tablespoons ground cinnamon; All-purpose flour, for dusting; 1 batch Basic Sweet-Roll Dough, recipe follows; 1 1/4 cups confectioners' sugar; 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted; 3 tablespoons milk; 1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract; Pinch of salt; 1/2 cup whole milk; 1 1/4 -ounce packet active dry yeast (2 1/4 teaspoons); 1/4 cup sugar; 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted and slightly cooled, plus more for brushing; 1 large egg yolk | INSTRUCTIONS: Make the rolls: Butter a 9-by-13-inch baking dish. Whisk the sugar and cinnamon in a bowl. On a floured surface, roll out the dough into a 10-by-18-inch rectangle. Spread the butter over the dough, leaving a 1-inch border on one of the long sides. Top with the cinnamon sugar. Brush the clean border with water. Tightly roll the dough into an 18-inch log, rolling toward the clean border; pinch the seam to seal. Slip a long taut piece of thread or unflavored floss under the roll, about 1 1/2 inches from the end. Lift the ends of the thread and cross over the roll, pulling tightly to cut off a pie <END>
INPUT: American, brownie, unsalted butter, unsweetened chocolate, dark sugar, eggs, flour
OUTPUT: TITLE: Brownie-Walnut Pie | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, diced; 3 ounces unsweetened chocolate, chopped; 1 1/4 cups packed dark brown sugar (about 9 ounces); 3 eggs, at room temperature; 3/4 cup flour; 1/4 teaspoon fine salt; 1/2 cup walnut pieces, toasted; Biscotti Crumb Crust, recipe follows; Walnut halves, optional; Ice cream or sweetened whipped cream, optional; One 5.5-ounce box biscotti (about 8), coarsely broken; 1/2 stick unsalted butter, chilled and diced; 1/4 cup packed dark brown sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Whisk the butter and the chocolate over low heat in a heavy medium saucepan until the chocolate is almost melted. Remove the pan from the heat and whisk until the chocolate is fully melted and the mixture is smooth. Whisk in the sugar, then the eggs, one at a time. Stir in the flour and salt with a flexible rubber spatula. Stir in the nut pieces. Scrape the batter into the prepared Biscotti Crumb Crust. Press a ring of walnut halves, if using, into the batter around the top edge. Place the pie on a baking sheet and bake until th <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, dressing, lemon juice, virgin olive oil, kosher salt, pepper, mixed herbs
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fusilli with Roasted Red Peppers, Feta, and Herb Dressing | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons lemon juice; 1/2 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 3/4 teaspoon kosher salt; 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 1/3 cup mixed fresh herbs (basil, oregano, thyme), finely chopped; 1 pound fusilli or other spiral pasta; 1/2 red onion, sliced; 2 1/2 ounces sliced black olives; 1 (12-ounce) jar roasted sliced red peppers, drained; 4 ounces crumbled feta cheese | INSTRUCTIONS: For dressing: Place all ingredients in a jar. Close lid tightly and shake until blended. In a large pot of lightly salted water, cook pasta according to package directions. While pasta is cooking, soak red onion in ice water to mellow its flavor. Drain cooked pasta and place in a large bowl. Drain onions and pat dry, add to pasta, Add dressing, olives, peppers and feta to warm pasta and toss. Serve at room temperature. <END>
INPUT: vegetables, halibut fillets, hot ajvar, olive oil, carrots, potatoes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Halibut with Vegetables and Parsley | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 6-ounce halibut fillets; 1 cup hot ajvar; 1/4 cup olive oil; 1 cup diced carrots; 1 cup diced potatoes; 1 cup diced celery; 1 cup canned Great Northern beans, rinsed, drained; 1 cup bottled clam juice; 1/2 cup chopped fresh parsley; 1/4 cup minced garlic | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 400°F. Sprinkle halibut with salt and pepper. Spread 1/2 tablespoon hot ajvar on each side of each fish fillet. Set aside. Heat oil in heavy large ovenproof skillet over medium heat. Add carrots, potatoes and celery; sauté until tender, about 8 minutes. Mix in beans, clam juice, parsley, garlic and cup hot ajvar. Bring to boil. Season with salt. Arrange fish atop vegetable mixture in skillet. Cover and bake until fish is opaque in center, about 20 minutes. Preheat oven to 400°F. Sprinkle halibut with salt and pepper. Spread 1/2 tablespoon hot ajvar on each side of each fish fil <END>
INPUT: Three bags microwave, salted roasted peanuts, sugar, heavy cream
OUTPUT: TITLE: Honey Corn | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Three 16-ounce bags microwave buttered popcorn, or 1 cup loose popcorn kernels, popped (about 20 cups); 1 1/2 cups salted roasted peanuts; 4 cups sugar; 1 cup (2 sticks) unsalted butter; 1 cup heavy cream; 1 cup honey with the honeycomb, chopped; 1 teaspoon baking soda | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: candy thermometer Place the popcorn and peanuts in an extra-large bowl or on 2 silicone-lined baking sheets and set aside. Combine the sugar, butter, cream and honey in a large soup pot or Dutch oven. Bring to a boil over medium-high heat. Reduce the heat slightly, clip on a candy thermometer, and keep at a low boil until it reaches the softball stage, about 234 degrees F. Remove the pot from the heat and add the baking soda while stirring. Pour the sugar mixture over the popcorn and mix well. Store in an airtight container for up to 2 days. <END>
INPUT: Italian, mark, risotto, unsalted butter, onion, arborio rice, salt, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mark's Risotto with Butter and Parmesan | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1 medium onion, minced; 1 1/2 cups arborio rice (do not rinse); 1/8 teaspoon salt; 1/8 teaspoon freshly ground pepper; 1 cup dry white wine; 3 to 4 cups Homemade Chicken Stock (recipe follows), vegetable stock, or low-sodium canned; 1/2 cup freshly grated Parmesan cheese; 1 teaspoon whole black peppercorns; 6 sprigs fresh dill or 2 teaspoons dried dill; 6 sprigs fresh flat-leaf parsley; 2 dried bay leaves; 2 leeks, washed, white and pale-green parts only, cut into 1/3; 2 carrots, scrubbed, cut into 1/3; 2 stalks celery, cut into 1/3 | INSTRUCTIONS: In a medium-size, heavy soup pot, melt 2 tablespoons butter over medium-high heat. When it foams, add onion, and cook, stirring, until onion is transparent, about 5 minutes. Reduce the heat to medium, add rice, salt, and pepper, and cook, stirring with a wooden spoon, until well coated, about 1 minute. Add wine, and simmer gently until the liquid is absorbed, 3 to 5 minutes. Add 1/2 cup chicken stock, stir, and simmer, stirring occasionally, until the liquid is absorbed. Repeat, adding 1/2 cup stock at a time, until the rice is cooked through but still firm, 20 to 25 minutes total. Add the rem <END>
INPUT: herb, unsalted butter, garlic, scallions, dill, flat leaf parsley
OUTPUT: TITLE: Smoked Salmon and Herb Butter | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 pound unsalted butter, at room temperature; 1/4 teaspoon minced garlic; 1 tablespoon minced scallions (white and green parts); 1 tablespoon minced fresh dill; 1 tablespoon minced fresh flat-leaf parsley; 1 teaspoon freshly squeezed lemon juice; 1 teaspoon kosher salt; 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 2 loaves dense 7-grain or health bread, sliced 1/4-inch thick; Side of smoked salmon, thinly sliced | INSTRUCTIONS: For the herb butter, combine the butter, garlic, scallions, dill, parsley, juice juice, salt and pepper in the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with a paddle attachment. Beat until mixed, but do not whip. To serve, spread some herb butter on a slice of bread and top it with a slice of smoked salmon. <END>
INPUT: vegetable oil, onion, sized tart apples, boiling water
OUTPUT: TITLE: Braised Red Cabbage with Apples | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 (3 pound) red cabbage; 2 tablespoons vegetable oil; 1 onion, chopped; 3 medium-sized tart cooking apples, peeled, cored and cut into 1/8-inch-thick wedges; 5 cups boiling water; 2/3 cup red wine vinegar; 2 teaspoons salt; 2 tablespoons sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: Wash the head of cabbage under cold running water, remove the tough outer leaves, and cut cabbage into quarters. To shred the cabbage, cut out the core and slice the quarters crosswise into 1/8?inch-wide strips. In a heavy 4 to 5-quart casserole, heat the oil over moderate heat. Add chopped onions and cook, stirring frequently for 5 minutes, or until the onions are lightly browned. Add the cabbage, stir thoroughly, add the apples, and pour in the boiling water. Bring to a boil over high heat, stirring occasionally, and reduce the heat to very low. Add red wine vinegar, salt and sugar, stir to  <END>
INPUT: turtle, gumdrops, vanilla cupcakes, vanilla buttercream, sanding sugar, jelly beans
OUTPUT: TITLE: Turtle Cupcakes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 small green gumdrops (for the tails); 12 vanilla cupcakes; 2 1/4 cups vanilla buttercream; 3/4 cup green sanding sugar; 12 green jelly beans (for the heads); Black or brown food coloring gel; 12 green gumdrop fruit slices, halved horizontally and vertically (for the flippers); 84 green candy-coated chocolates, such as M&M's (for the shell); 84 brown candy-coated chocolates, such as M&M's (for the shell) | INSTRUCTIONS: For the tails: Place the small green gumdrops on the work surface standing upright. Cut each gumdrop in half by cutting straight down with a sharp knife. To assemble: Frost each cupcake with about 2 tablespoons buttercream. Place the green sanding sugar in a small bowl. Invert each cupcake into the sugar and press gently to adhere. Stick a green jelly bean straight into the frosting for the head. Using a #2 round piping tip, pipe on 2 buttercream eyes. Then dip a toothpick into the black or brown food coloring gel and create the pupils for the eyes. Push the flippers into the edges of the cupc <END>
INPUT: Mexican, lightning, rice, vegetable oil, onion, garlic, jalapeno peppers, beef
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lightning Chili and Rice | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons vegetable oil; 1 large onion, finely chopped; 2 teaspoons chopped garlic; 2 jalapeno peppers, seeds and stems removed and chopped (use gloves, avoid breathing fumes, and protect your eyes when handling these and all hot pepp; 2 pounds ground beef; 2 teaspoons ground cumin; 1 tablespoon chili powder; 2 teaspoons salt; 1 teaspoon black pepper; 2 tablespoons tomato paste; 2 tablespoons hot sauce (recommended: Tabasco); 2 (16 ounce) cans kidney beans; 1( 29 to 32-ounce) can diced tomatoes; 1 tablespoon finely minced fresh parsley leaves, plus 8 small sprigs for garnish; 1 tablespoon finely minced fresh cilantro leaves, plus 8 small sprigs for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat oil in a skillet and saute onions until translucent. Add garlic and saute until it begins to turn golden brown, being careful not to burn it. Stir in hot peppers and cook until they begin to soften. Add ground beef and cook until browned. Drain off any fat. Season with cumin, chili powder, salt, and pepper. Add tomato paste, hot sauce, beans, tomatoes, parsley and cilantro and simmer 30 minutes. While chili is simmering, bring consomme to a boil in a large saucepan. Stir in rice and butter and return to a boil. Reduce heat to low, cover and simmer 20 minutes without removing lid. Remove f <END>
INPUT: Indian, calvdos, butter, olive oil, beef, onions, coriander
OUTPUT: TITLE: Beef Calvdos | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons butter; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1 pound beef, chuck meat, cut into 1-inch strips; 1/4 cup chopped onions; 1 teaspoon ground coriander; 1 teaspoon black pepper; 1 teaspoon sugar; 3 bay leaves; 1 teaspoon salt; 1/4 teaspoon ground cumin; 2 cups coconut milk; 1/2 cup Calvados; 4 Jonagold apples, peeled, cored, sliced thinly | INSTRUCTIONS: In a 3-quart pan, heat the butter and oil. Saute the beef, onion, coriander, pepper, sugar, bay leaves, salt, and cumin for about 10 minutes over medium heat, stirring frequently. Add the coconut milk. Carefully add the Calvados, cover with a lid, and cook for 45 minutes or until beef is tender. The liquid should have nearly all evaporated, leaving a thick residue of sauce covering the beef. Add the sliced apples, cover and cook for 5 minutes. To serve, simply place on a large dish, and serve with a glass of Calvados. <END>
INPUT: sauce, butter, vegetable oil, sea bass fillets, shallots, Vermouth wine
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sea Bass with Watercress Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon butter; 1 tablespoon vegetable oil; 2 8-ounce sea bass fillets; 3 tablespoons finely chopped shallots; 1/4 cup dry Vermouth or dry white wine; 1/2 cup whipping cream; 1 cup (packed) chopped trimmed watercress (from 1 bunch, about 6 ounces.) | INSTRUCTIONS: Melt butter with oil in heavy medium skillet over medium-high heat. Add sea bass to skillet; cook just until opaque in center, about 4 minutes per side. Transfer fish to plate; tent with foil to keep warm. Pour off all but 1 teaspoon drippings from skillet. Add shallots to same skillet; stir 30 seconds. Add Vermouth; bring to boil. Continue to boil 1 minute. Add cream; boil until sauce thickens slightly and coats spoon, about 3 minutes. Add 3/4 cup watercress to sauce. Season with salt and pepper. Transfer fish to plates. Spoon sauce around fish. Sprinkle with remaining 1/4 cup watercress and  <END>
INPUT: tart, milk, heavy cream, inverted sugar, egg yolks, granulated sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lemon Tart Ice Cream | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup plus 1 teaspoon whole milk; 2 cups heavy cream; 1 tablespoon inverted sugar*; 8 egg yolks; 1 cup plus 4 tablespoons granulated sugar; 1/2 cup plus 2 tablespoons milk powder; 1/2 cup plus 2 tablespoons stabilizer (available online and in specialty baking stores); 3/4 cup chopped candied lemon zest; 2 tablespoons lemon oil extract; 4 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1/2 cup plus 1 tablespoon powdered sugar; 1/2 cup all-purpose flour; 1/2 cup plus 3 tablespoons almond flour; 2 teaspoons kosher salt; 4 egg whites | INSTRUCTIONS: Lemon Ice Cream Base: Combine whole milk, heavy cream, inverted sugar, egg yolks, granulated sugar, milk powder, and stabilizer in a large stainless steel bowl. Place the bowl over boiling water. Stirring constantly, slowly cook the mixture until a thicker consistency. Add chopped candied lemon zest and lemon oil extract to the mixture. Cool down the mixture over an ice water bath. Cover and refrigerate the ice cream bath overnight. The next day, process in an ice cream maker according to manufacturer's directions. Crumbles: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. In the bowl of a stand mixer, crea <END>
INPUT: Italian, portuguese, olive oil, bell peppers, onion, beefsteak tomatoes, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Portuguese Baked Eggs | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup olive oil; 3 bell peppers, any color, thinly sliced; 1 medium red onion, thinly sliced; 2 beefsteak tomatoes, cut into wedges; 8 garlic cloves, thinly sliced; 1 jalapeño, with seeds, halved lengthwise; 1/4 cup fresh basil leaves; 2 tablespoons fresh oregano leaves; 1 1/2 teaspoons chili powder; 1 teaspoon paprika; Kosher salt, freshly ground pepper; 1 cup ricotta; 6 large eggs; 1 cup grated sharp white cheddar (about 4 ounces); 1/4 cup grated Parmesan (about 1 ounce) | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat oil in a large heavy pot over medium heat. Add bell peppers and onion and cook, stirring occasionally, until softened and just beginning to brown, 10–12 minutes. Add tomatoes, garlic, jalapeño, basil, oregano, chili powder, and paprika to pot. Reduce heat to medium-low and continue to cook, stirring occasionally, until vegetables are very soft and liquid is thickened, 20–30 minutes; season with salt and pepper. Discard jalapeño. Preheat oven to 400°F. Transfer bell pepper mixture to a 13x9" baking dish. Using the back of a spoon, make 6 evenly spaced divots in mixture. Spoon a dollop of r <END>
INPUT: salad, assorted squashes, olive oil, salt, pepper, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Rice Salad with Squashes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 5 to 6 assorted small squashes (such as zucchini, yellow summer squashes, or patty pans); 1/2 cup olive oil; 1 to 2 teaspoons salt; 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 1 yellow onion, diced; 2 cloves garlic, peeled and crushed; 2 teaspoons ground cumin; 2 cups cooked rice, (aromatic is best); 2 tablespoons white or cider vinegar; 1 bunch parsley, leaves only, washed, dried and coarsely chopped; Lettuce leaves, for serving (optional) | INSTRUCTIONS: Trim the squashes and cut them into 1/4 inch dice. In a heavy skillet, heat 2 tablespoons of the olive oil and add 1/3 of the diced squashes and some salt and pepper. Saute briefly over high heat, stirring often until lightly browned and slightly softened. Transfer to a bowl to cool and cook the remaining 2 batches in the same way, seasoning each batch. Cook the diced onion in the remaining olive oil in the same skillet over medium heat for 3 to 5 minutes. Stir in garlic and cook for 20 seconds more. Add the cumin, reduce heat to low, and cook, stirring, for about 2 minutes. Add to the squashe <END>
INPUT: Indian, smoky, soup, bacon, onion, carrots, lentils, qt water
OUTPUT: TITLE: Smoky Red-Lentil Soup with Cheddar Toasts | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 2 bacon slices, finely chopped; 1 cup finely chopped onion (1 large); 2 large carrots, quartered and cut into 1/4-inch dice; 1 cup red lentils (7 oz); 1 qt water; 3/4 teaspoon salt; 1 1/2 teaspoons black pepper; 6 (1-inch-thick) baguette slices, cut on a long diagonal; 1 tablespoon unsalted butter; 1 to 2 teaspoons Dijon mustard; 1/4 lb extra-sharp Cheddar, cut into 12 (1/4-inch-thick) slices | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook bacon in a 4-quart heavy pot over moderate heat, stirring occasionally, until fat is rendered and bacon is golden brown, about 6 minutes. Pour off all but 2 tablespoons fat from pot (if your bacon renders less fat, add enough olive oil to bring total to 2 tablespoons), then add onion and carrots to bacon and cook over moderate heat, stirring frequently, until onion is softened and golden, about 5 minutes. Add lentils and cook, stirring, 1 minute. Add water, stirring and scraping up any brown bits from bottom of pot, then reduce heat to moderately low and simmer, covered, until lentils are <END>
INPUT: Italian, fizz, Meyer lemon, basil leaves, vodka, Ice, good quality Italian
OUTPUT: TITLE: Meyer Lemon and Basil Fizz | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 2 slices Meyer lemon; 4 to 6 fresh basil leaves, plus more for garnish; 4 ounces vodka; Ice; 6 ounces good-quality Italian orange soda | INSTRUCTIONS: In a pint glass, muddle the lemon slices with the basil. Add the vodka and stir. Strain into 2 rocks glasses filled with ice, and top with orange soda. Garnish with fresh basil leaves and serve. <END>
INPUT: American, Guinness ale, star anise, ketchup, dark mustard, honey
OUTPUT: TITLE: Guinness BBQ Sauce | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups Guinness ale; 1 star anise (optional); 1 cup ketchup; 1/4 cup dark brown mustard; 1/3 cup honey; 2 tablespoons hot pepper sauce; 2 teaspoons coarse salt; 2 teaspoons ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Boil the Guinness in a saucepan with the star anise (if using) over high heat until reduced by half. Add the remaining ingredients and simmer for 5 minutes, or until thick. Cool and remove the star anise. Store in a tightly closed container in the refrigerator for up to 1 week. Boil the Guinness in a saucepan with the star anise (if using) over high heat until reduced by half. Add the remaining ingredients and simmer for 5 minutes, or until thick. Cool and remove the star anise. Store in a tightly closed container in the refrigerator for up to 1 week. <END>
INPUT: bamboo skewers, scallops, bacon, honey, tablesoon vinegar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Scallops with Bacon | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 package bamboo skewers; 1 pound fresh scallops; 1/4 pound bacon; 2 tablespoons honey; 1 tablesoon vinegar; 2 tablespoons mustard; 2 tablespoons olive oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Soak skewers in bowl of water. Drain. Wrap 1/2 slice bacon around scallop and place on skewer. In small bowl combine honey, vinegar, mustard and olive oil. Brush onto scallops and bacon. Place on baking pan and broil for 3-4 minutes per side or until crispy. Serve. <END>
INPUT: Italian, parmigiana, olive oil, garlic, hot pepper flakes, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Eggplant Parmigiana | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup olive oil; 2 garlic cloves, finely chopped; 1/4 teaspoon dried hot red-pepper flakes; 1 (15-ounce) can crushed tomatoes; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/4 cup coarsely chopped fresh basil; 1/2 ounce finely grated Parmigiano-Reggiano (1/4 cup); 4 small Italian eggplants (1/2 pound each); 16 thin slices whole-milk mozzarella (from a 1-lb block; not fresh) | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat 2 tablespoons oil in a 12-inch heavy skillet over moderate heat until hot but not smoking, then cook garlic and red-pepper flakes, stirring, 30 seconds. Add tomatoes and salt and cook, stirring, until thickened, about 6 minutes. Remove from heat and stir in basil and parmesan. Prepare a gas grill for direct-heat cooking over moderate heat. Trim 1/4 inch off 2 opposite long sides of each eggplant. Cut each eggplant lengthwise (in same direction as trimmed sides so each slice has skin just around edge) into 4 slices. Brush slices with remaining 2 tablespoons oil. Grill eggplant, covered, tu <END>
INPUT: biscuits, organic crunchy smooth, wheat flour, flax seed, virgin virgin coconut, banana
OUTPUT: TITLE: Peanut Butter-Banana Dog Biscuits | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup organic crunchy or smooth peanut butter; 1/3 cup whole wheat flour; 1/4 cup ground flax seed; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin or virgin coconut oil; 1 ripe banana, mashed, about 1/3 cup | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: 3-inch dog bone shaped cutter Position an oven rack in the middle of the oven and preheat to 350 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with parchment. Stir together the peanut butter, flour, flax seed and coconut oil in a medium bowl with a rubber spatula until well combined. It will be slightly wet and shiny. Roll out the mixture until 1/4-inch thick. Use a 3-inch dog bone shaped cookie cutter to cut out the biscuits. Transfer to the prepared baking sheet. Gather the scraps, re-roll and cut out a few more biscuits. Chill until the biscuits are just firm, about 15 minutes. Bake unt <END>
INPUT: Italian, pizza, slow tomato sauce, grilled flat bread, mozzarella cheese, Parmesan, portobello mushrooms
OUTPUT: TITLE: Portobello Pizza | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 pint slow cooked tomato sauce (recommended: FreshDirect); 1 grilled flat bread (recommended: FreshDirect); 1 cup grated mozzarella cheese; 2 tablespoons grated Parmesan; 1 package sliced portobello mushrooms (or 3 loose portobello mushrooms); 1/2 pint green basil and pignoli pesto (recommended: FreshDirect); Dried oregano, salt and pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F. Ladle a hearty portion of tomato sauce (2/3 cup) and spread evenly onto the flatbread. Add a layer of grated mozzarella cheese and add 2 tablespoons parmesan cheese. Layer big meaty Portobello mushroom slices in a sun-burst design. Complete by drizzling a generous amount of pesto on top. Sprinkle with dried oregano, salt and pepper, to taste. Place in the oven and bake until cheese is melted and lightly browned and the crust is crispy. Serve with a smooth red wine such as Frey Vineyards Organic Sangiovese. <END>
INPUT: skewers, sauce, size sweet onion, garlic, Juice lemon, mint
OUTPUT: TITLE: Yogurt Marinated Chicken Skewers With Toum Garlic Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup (245 g) plain, unsweetened whole milk yogurt; 1 medium-size sweet onion, grated; 3 garlic cloves, minced; Juice of 1/2 lemon; 2 tablespoons crushed dried mint; 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 4 skinless, boneless free-range chicken breast halves; 1 teaspoon kosher salt, plus more as needed; Few grinds of black pepper; 1 recipe Toum | INSTRUCTIONS: In a small bowl, combine the yogurt, onion, garlic, lemon, mint, and olive oil. Cut the chicken into 1- to 2-inch (2.5 to 5 cm) pieces and place them in a medium bowl or a plastic ziplock bag. Pour the marinade over the chicken, cover the bowl or seal the bag, and refrigerate for at least 8 and up to 24 hours (the longer, the more flavorful). Preheat a grill or broiler on medium-high. Place the chicken in a colander and drain off the marinade. Pat the chicken dry with paper towels. Thread 6 skewers with the chicken, leaving some breathing room (about 1/8 inch / 3 mm) between the pieces. Genero <END>
INPUT: shallots, beans, shallot, garlic, olive oil, Salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Garlic Roasted Green Beans with Shallots and Hazelnuts | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound green beans, trimmed; 1 shallot, thinly sliced; 4 cloves garlic, crushed; 3 tablespoons olive oil; Salt and freshly ground pepper; 1 teaspoon grated lemon zest; 1/4 cup hazelnuts, toasted and chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 425 degrees F. Toss together green beans, shallots, garlic, oil and salt and pepper in a medium roasting pan. Roast in the oven until the beans are cooked through and light golden brown. Remove from the oven and stir in the lemon zest and hazelnuts. Transfer to a platter and serve. <END>
INPUT: Italian, risotto, cleaned squid, olive oil, oregano, rosemary, hot pepper flakes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Squid Risotto | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 lb cleaned squid; 1 tablespoon olive oil; 2 teaspoons chopped fresh oregano, or to taste; 1/2 teaspoon chopped fresh rosemary; Pinch of dried hot red pepper flakes; 4 garlic cloves, minced; 5 1/2 cups fish stock, or 2 (8-oz) bottles; clam juice mixed with 3 cups water; 1 1/4 cups Arborio rice (8 oz); 1 cup dry white wine; 3/4 cup fresh flat-leaf parsley; 1 teaspoon fresh lemon juice, or to taste; Accompaniment: lemon wedges | INSTRUCTIONS: Pat squid dry, then cut bodies lengthwise into 1/4-inch-wide strips and quarter tentacles lengthwise. Season with salt and pepper. Heat 1 teaspoon oil in a 12-inch nonstick skillet over high heat until hot but not smoking, then cook oregano, rosemary, red pepper flakes, and 1 teaspoon garlic, stirring, until fragrant, about 30 seconds. Add squid strips and tentacles and sauté, stirring constantly, until opaque and curled, about 1 minute. (Do not overcook, or squid will toughen.) Transfer to a sieve set over a bowl to catch juices squid releases. Combine squid juices from bowl with fish stock i <END>
INPUT: Italian, water mozzarella cheese, virgin olive oil, garlic, pepper, oregano
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spicy Marinated Mozzarella with Oregano and Capers | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 12 ounces fresh water-packed mozzarella cheese, drained, cut into 1/4-inch-thick slices; 6 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 2 garlic cloves, minced; 1/4 teaspoon dried crushed red pepper; 1 tablespoon minced fresh oregano; 1/4 teaspoon coarse salt; 1/4 teaspoon ground black pepper; 2 tablespoons capers, chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: Overlap cheese slices on medium platter. Heat 2 tablespoons oil in small skillet over medium heat. Add garlic and crushed pepper and stir just until garlic begins to color, about 2 minutes. Remove from heat; stir in oregano, salt, and pepper. Cool. Stir in capers and remaining 4 tablespoons oil. Spoon over cheese slices. Overlap cheese slices on medium platter. Heat 2 tablespoons oil in small skillet over medium heat. Add garlic and crushed pepper and stir just until garlic begins to color, about 2 minutes. Remove from heat; stir in oregano, salt, and pepper. Cool. Stir in capers and remaining <END>
INPUT: chips, Yukon gold potatoes, Canola oil, Salt, pepper, Malt vinegar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Vinegar and Salt Grilled Potato "Chips" | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 medium Yukon gold potatoes, scrubbed; Canola oil; Salt; Freshly ground black pepper; Malt vinegar; Kosher salt or Fleur de Sel | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat the grill to medium. Place potatoes in a pot of cold water, add 1 tablespoon of salt and cook until potatoes are tender, but still firm, about 10 minutes. Drain, let cool and slice into 1/4-inch thick slices. Brush the potatoes on both sides with the oil and season with salt and pepper. Grill the slices until golden brown on both sides and just cooked through, about 10 minutes. Remove the slices to a platter in an even layer and immediately drizzle with the vinegar and season with salt. <END>
INPUT: Italian, salad, wine vinegar, kosher salt, pepper, Sharlyn Galia melon, heirloom tomato
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tomato, Pickled Melon, and Burrata Salad | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons white wine vinegar; 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt; 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, plus more; 1 pound Sharlyn or Galia melon, rind removed, sliced into thin rounds; 1 large heirloom tomato, sliced; 12 ounces fresh burrata or mozzarella, torn; Olive oil (for drizzling); Fresh basil leaves (for serving); Flaky sea salt (such as Maldon) | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine vinegar, kosher salt, 1/4 teaspoon pepper, and 2 tablespoons water in a large bowl; add melon and toss to coat. Let stand at room temperature at least 30 minutes. Remove melon from pickling liquid and arrange on a platter with tomato and burrata. Drizzle with oil and some pickling liquid, top with basil, and season with sea salt and pepper. Do ahead: Melon can be pickled 2 hours ahead. Cover and chill. Combine vinegar, kosher salt, 1/4 teaspoon pepper, and 2 tablespoons water in a large bowl; add melon and toss to coat. Let stand at room temperature at least 30 minutes. Remove melon fr <END>
INPUT: sauce, kosher salt, pepper, coriander, cayenne pepper, Zest lemon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lamb Chops with Mint Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 teaspoons kosher salt; 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 1/2 teaspoon ground coriander; 1/4 teaspoon cayenne pepper; Zest of 1 lemon; Four 4-ounce lamb chops; 1 bunch fresh mint; 1/4 cup fresh parsley; 2 anchovy fillets; 1 clove garlic; Red pepper flakes, as needed; Extra-virgin olive oil, as needed; Kosher salt, as needed; Neutral oil, for oiling the grill; Baked Sweet Potato with Sour Cream and Mint, recipe follows, for serving | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. For the spice rub and lamb: Stir together the salt, pepper, coriander, cayenne and lemon zest in a small bowl. Season the lamb chops on both sides with the spice rub. Allow to sit at room temperature while you make the mint sauce. For the mint sauce: In a food processor, add the mint, parsley, anchovies, garlic and some red pepper flakes. Process, adding olive oil as you go, until the sauce is just loose enough to drizzle. Taste and add salt if needed. Heat a grill pan or grill on medium-high heat. Oil the grill and pat the chops dry. Grill the lamb until done to <END>
INPUT: Mexican, mashers, nuevo, all purpose flour, unsweetened cocoa, ancho chile pepper, beef stew, butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mexican Beef Stew over Chipotle Sweet Potato Mashers (Nuevo Latino Beef Dishes) | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1/3 cup all-purpose flour; 1 tablespoon unsweetened cocoa; 1 tablespoon ground ancho chile pepper; 2 pounds beef for stew, cut into 1 to 1 1/2-inch pieces; 1 to 2 tablespoons butter; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/4 teaspoon ground black pepper; 1 1/2 cups frozen mixed red, yellow and green bell pepper blend; 1 (14 1/2-ounce) can diced tomatoes, undrained; 1 1/2 cups ready-to-serve beef broth; 1 teaspoon minced chipotle pepper in adobo sauce; 1 teaspoon adobo sauce from chipotle peppers; 2 pounds sweet potatoes, peeled, cut into 1 1/2 to 2-inch pieces; 1 to 2 tablespoons butter, optional; 1 teaspoon minced chipotle pepper in adobo sauce | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine flour, cocoa and ancho chile pepper in large bowl. Add beef and toss to coat evenly with flour mixture. Remove beef and reserve any excess flour mixture. Heat 1 tablespoon butter in stockpot over medium heat until hot. Brown half of beef and remove from stockpot. Repeat with remaining beef, adding remaining 1 tablespoon butter, if needed. Remove beef from stockpot; season with salt and black pepper. Add bell peppers to the stockpot and cook for about 3 minutes, stirring occasionally. Stir in tomatoes, broth, chipotle pepper, adobo sauce and reserved flour mixture. Return beef to stockp <END>
INPUT: curried, vegetable oil, egg, lime juice, olive oil, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Curried Pumpkin Seeds | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Nonstick vegetable oil spray; 1 large egg white; 1 tablespoon fresh lime juice; 1 teaspoon olive oil; 2 tablespoons sugar; 1 tablespoon curry powder; 1 1/2 teaspoons coarse kosher salt; 1/8 teaspoon cayenne pepper; 12 ounces hulled pumpkin seeds (about 2 1/2 cups) | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350°F. Line large rimmed baking sheet with parchment; spray with nonstick spray. Whisk egg white, lime juice, and oil in large bowl. Add next 4 ingredients; whisk. Add pumpkin seeds; toss. Transfer to baking sheet, spreading evenly. Bake until toasted and fragrant, stirring often, about 24 minutes. Cool on sheet. Do ahead: Can be made 5 days ahead. Store toasted seeds airtight at room temperature. Preheat oven to 350°F. Line large rimmed baking sheet with parchment; spray with nonstick spray. Whisk egg white, lime juice, and oil in large bowl. Add next 4 ingredients; whisk. Add <END>
INPUT: Asian, broccoli florets, crookneck squash, crystallized ginger, ginger
OUTPUT: TITLE: Squash and Broccoli with Ginger Butter | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 3 1/2 to 4 cups broccoli florets; 1 pound yellow crookneck squash, cut into 3/4- to 1-inch cubes; 1/4 cup (1/2 stick) butter; 3 tablespoons chopped crystallized ginger; 1 teaspoon ground ginger | INSTRUCTIONS: Steam broccoli and squash until just tender, about 5 minutes. Melt butter in heavy large skillet over medium heat. Mix in chopped ginger and ground ginger. Add broccoli and squash and toss to coat. Season mixture to taste with salt and pepper and serve immediately. Steam broccoli and squash until just tender, about 5 minutes. Melt butter in heavy large skillet over medium heat. Mix in chopped ginger and ground ginger. Add broccoli and squash and toss to coat. Season mixture to taste with salt and pepper and serve immediately. <END>
INPUT: maverick, water, salt, unsalted butter, old fashioned stone, heavy cream
OUTPUT: TITLE: Maverick Grits | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 cups water; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1 cup old-fashioned stone-ground grits; 1/4 cup heavy cream; 1 1/2 chorizo links (spicy pork sausage), cut into 1/4-inch-thick slices; 4 ounces country ham, cut into julienne strips; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 8 medium sea scallops; 12 medium shrimp, peeled, and deveined if desired; 2 tomatoes, peeled, seeded, and chopped; 1/4 cup sliced scallion; 1/4 teaspoon minced garlic; Pinch of Cajun seasoning; 1/4 cup water | INSTRUCTIONS: Make grits: Bring water, salt, and 1 tablespoon butter to a boil in a 3-quart heavy saucepan. Whisk in grits and cook at a bare simmer, covered, stirring frequently, until grits are tender and thick, about 1 hour. Stir in cream and remaining tablespoon butter and remove from heat. Bring water, salt, and 1 tablespoon butter to a boil in a 3-quart heavy saucepan. Whisk in grits and cook at a bare simmer, covered, stirring frequently, until grits are tender and thick, about 1 hour. Stir in cream and remaining tablespoon butter and remove from heat. Make topping 15 minutes before grits are done: C <END>
INPUT: American, praline, cloud, sweet potatoes, butter, sugar, eggs, cinnamon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sweet Potato Praline Cloud Pie - 2003 1st Place Sweet Potato | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 sweet potatoes, baked or boiled; 1/4 cup butter, softened; 1 cup sugar; 2 eggs; 1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 1/2 teaspoon grated nutmeg; 1/4 teaspoon ground cloves; 1/4 teaspoon ground mace; 1 cup evaporated milk; 1 unbaked pie shell; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 1/4 teaspoon vanilla; 1 teaspoon lemon juice; 3 egg whites | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Mash sweet potatoes and combine with all of the other ingredients. Pour into pie shell and bake until firm, about 35 to 40 minutes. Meringue: Add the salt, vanilla and the lemon juice to egg whites. Beat until foamy. Add 6 tablespoons sugar, 1 at a time. Beat until sugar dissolves and mixture forms stiff peaks. Praline Topping: Combine the sugar, corn syrup, butter and vanilla in a medium saucepan. Cook and stir on medium heat until butter is melted and mixture is blended. Remove from heat. Spoon dollops of meringue in ring around outside edge of pie. Sprinkl <END>
INPUT: Asian, chilled, soup, simple syrup, bulbs ginger, lime juice, kaffir lime leaf, lemongrass
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chilled Coconut Lemongrass Soup with Warm Pineapple Dumpling | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup simple syrup (equal amounts water and sugar, heated until sugar dissolves); 2 bulbs fresh ginger, chopped; 1/3 tablespoon lime juice; 1 kaffir lime leaf, chopped; 2 stalks lemongrass, chopped; 14 ounces coconut milk; 1/4 cup heavy cream; Pineapple Dumplings, recipe follows; Tropical Fruit Salsa, recipe follows; Basil Oil, recipe follows; Pineapple Lime Bombe, recipe follows; 3 ounces sugar, plus 1-ounce sugar; 8 ounces pineapple, diced; 2 vanilla beans, scraped; 1 pinch salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat the simple syrup with the ginger, kaffir lime and lemongrass until just simmering. Do not boil or reduce syrup. Remove from heat, and allow mixture to steep for at least 1 hour. Stir in the coconut milk and heavy cream, and strain through a chinois. Chill soup and serve with dumplings, pineapple lime bombe, tropical fruit salsa and basil oil. In a medium skillet, caramelize 3 ounces of sugar until golden brown. Add the diced pineapple and vanilla beans and stir until sugar dissolves and pineapple is softened. Set pineapple aside to cool. In the bowl of an electric mixer, beat the cream ch <END>
INPUT: pumpkin, water, yeast, salt, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pumpkin Bruschetta | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/3 cup canned pumpkin, from a 15-ounce can, reserve the rest for the bruschetta topping (recommended: Libby's); 1 1/4 cups water; 1 tablespoon yeast; 1 1/2 teaspoons salt; 1/2 teaspoon sugar; Flour; 2 tablespoons melted butter; 4 tablespoons olive oil; Dash garlic powder; 5 Roma tomatoes, diced; 1/4 cup olive oil; 2 large garlic cloves, crushed; 3 grinds black pepper; 18 to 20 fresh basil leaves, chopped; 1 teaspoon tomato vinegar | INSTRUCTIONS: To make the Pumpkin Bread: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F. Mix ingredients together in a food processor with enough flour to create a soft dough and knead for 5 minutes. Allow dough to rise, covered, in a warm, draft-free place for 30 to 45 minutes. Punch down dough, recover, and allow to rise again for another 30 minutes. Punch down for a second time. Shape into a long, slender loaf. Place the loaf on a greased cookie sheet sprinkled with cornmeal. Rub the top of the loaf with water. Bake for 25 to 30 minutes, or until cooked through. To make the Bread Dip: Preheat the oven to 300 degrees F. C <END>
INPUT: dessert, amaretti cookies, shots amaretto other, scoops French vanilla, Whipped cream
OUTPUT: TITLE: Amaretti Ice Cream Dessert | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 16 amaretti cookies, crumbled; 4 shots amaretto or other almond liqueur; 8 scoops French vanilla ice cream; Whipped cream, in canister; 1/4 cup or 1 (2-ounce) package slivered almonds | INSTRUCTIONS: Crumble 4 amaretti cookies into each of 4 dessert cups and douse them with almond liqueur. Top with ice cream, whipped cream and almonds. <END>
INPUT: Asian, groundnut oil, bean curd, light soy sauce, dark soy sauce, rice vinegar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spicy Tofu and Edamame Beans | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons groundnut oil ( peanut); 14 ounces firm fresh bean curd (firm tofu), drained and cut into 1/2-inch thick rectangles; 3 tablespoons light soy sauce; 1 teaspoon dark soy sauce; 1 tablespoon black rice vinegar (recommended: Chinkiang) or balsamic vinegar; 1 teaspoon dried chile flakes; 1 tablespoon groundnut oil (peanut); 1 red chile, seeded and finely chopped; Water, as needed; 3 ounces fresh or frozen edamame beans, thawed; 1 teaspoon light soy sauce; 1 teaspoon black rice vinegar (recommended: Chinkiang) or balsamic vinegar; Handful fresh cilantro leaves and stalks, finely chopped; Serving suggestion: serve with steamed rice | INSTRUCTIONS: To make the bean curd: Heat the groundnut oil in a large flat-bottomed pan over a medium heat. Add the bean curd, and cook for 2 minutes. Add the light soy sauce and cook until the sauce has reduced and the bean curd is browned on one side. Using a small palette knife or fork, lift and turn each piece, careful not to break the bean curd. Cook just to color the second side. Add the dark soy sauce, and vinegar, and cook until the liquid has reduced by half. Season the dish with the dried chile flakes. Transfer the bean curd to a serving plate and set aside. To make the edamame: Reheat the pan an <END>
INPUT: Mexican, peruvian, rosemary, cumin, garlic, soy sauce, vinegar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Peruvian Chicken | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 tablespoon chopped fresh rosemary; 1 tablespoon ground cumin; 3 cloves garlic; 3 tablespoons soy sauce; 1 tablespoon white vinegar; 1 tablespoon fresh oregano; Juice of 1/2 lime; 1 tablespoon hoisin sauce; 1 bottle beer (lager); 1/2 tablespoon salt; 1 tablespoon freshly ground black pepper; One 3- to 4-pound chicken | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: an instant-read thermometer Combine the rosemary, cumin, garlic, soy sauce, vinegar, oregano, lime juice, hoisin sauce, beer, salt and pepper in a blender and blend until completely combined. Pour the marinade over the chicken in a container and let it marinate, refrigerated, for 24 hours. Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Remove the chicken from the marinade (discard the marinade) and put on a rack in a roasting pan. Roast until the internal temperature registers 165 degrees F on an instant-read thermometer, about 1 hour. Let the chicken rest for 15 minutes before slicing  <END>
INPUT: Italian, picante, salad, carrots, jicama, lime lemon juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Picante Jícama and Roasted Carrot Salad with Creamy Basil Dressing | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: nonstick cooking spray; 16 small carrots, trimmed, or 8 large carrots, peeled and cut into 3-inch pieces; 1/2 cup (2 1/2 ounces) pine nuts; 1 small jicama*, peeled and cut into 1/8-inch matchsticks (about 1 1/3 cups); 2 tablespoons plus 2 teaspoons freshly squeezed lime or lemon juice (from about 1 medium lemon or 2 medium limes); 2 teaspoons mild chile powder; 1/8 teaspoon ground cayenne pepper (optional); 4 cups mixed baby greens; 8 leaves Belgian endive, radicchio, or red leaf lettuce (from 1 head); 8 orange slices, peeled and seeded; 4 fresh figs, sliced in half (optional); 1/4 cup creamy basil dressing; *Use a paring knife, rather than a peeler, to peel the jicama, and be sure to remove the tough, fibrous flesh just below the skin | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350° F. Spray large rimmed baking sheet with nonstick cooking spray. Spread carrots on sheet, then very lightly spray carrots. Roast until tender, 30 to 40 minutes. Let cool. In dry skillet over moderate heat, toast pine nuts, stirring constantly, until fragrant and light golden brown, 2 to 3 minutes. Immediately transfer to plate and let cool. In small bowl, toss jicama with lemon or lime juice, chile powder, and cayenne, if using. To serve, divide mixed baby greens among 4 salad plates and top each with 4 carrots. Mound 1/3 cup jicama atop each portion. Sprinkle each salad wi <END>
INPUT: biscotti, raisins, Cointreau, unbleached all purpose, sugar, baking soda
OUTPUT: TITLE: Raisin Almond Biscotti | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 pound raisins; 1/3 cup Cointreau; 2 1/2 cups unbleached all-purpose flour; 1 cup sugar; 1/2 teaspoon baking soda; 1/2 teaspoon double-acting baking powder; 1/2 teaspoon slat; 3 large eggs; 1 teaspoon vanilla; 1 cup blanched whole almonds, toasted lightly and chopped coarse; 1 large egg, beaten with 1 teaspoon water | INSTRUCTIONS: In a bowl combine the raisins with the Cointreau, let the raisins macerate for 20 minutes, drain well. In the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment blend the flour, the sugar, the baking soda, the baking powder, and the salt until the mixture is combined well. Add the eggs and vanilla, beating until the dough is formed. Stir in the raisins and almonds. Turn the dough out onto a lightly floured surface, knead it several times, and halve it. Working on a large buttered and floured baking sheet, with floured hands form each piece of dough into a flattish log 13 inches long a <END>
INPUT: tsimis, sweet potatoes, honey, unsalted butter, molasses, cinnamon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sweet Potato Tsimis | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 pounds sweet potatoes; 1/4 cup honey; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 2 tablespoons molasses; 1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon; Freshly ground black pepper; 1/2 cup coarsely chopped pecans, lightly toasted in a 350 degree F oven for 4 minutes; 1 envelope gelatin; 1/4 cup water, plus 1/4; 1/4 cup light corn syrup, plus 1/4 cup; 3/4 cup sugar; Flour, for dusting the pan; 1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract; 1/2 teaspoon dark rum | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F. Bake the sweet potatoes for 45 minutes. When cool enough to handle, skin potatoes, and mash together with the honey, butter, molasses, cinnamon, and pepper. Transfer mixture to a 2-quart casserole. Sprinkle on the pecans. Make Marshmallows: In a small bowl, soften the gelatin by stirring it into 1/4 cup of the water. Set aside. In a small saucepan, fitted with a candy thermometer, bring the remaining 1/4 cup of water, a 1/4 cup of corn syrup, and the sugar to 240 degrees F (soft ball stage). In the meantime, put the remaining 1/4 cup of corn syrup, vanilla, and r <END>
INPUT: dipped, swirls, mini apples, individually wrapped caramels, milk, packages chocolate candy, vanilla flavored candy
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mini Chocolate Dipped Caramel Apples with Vanilla Swirls | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 30 mini apples; 40 individually wrapped caramels, unwrapped; 8 tablespoons milk; 1 1/4 packages chocolate candy melts (recommended: Wilton Chocolate); 1/4 package vanilla flavored candy melts, color of your choice (recommended: Wilton Chocolate) | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: 30 wooden pop sticks, cut to 3/4 of the length and bows, for decoration Line a baking sheet with a silicone mat or parchment paper. Remove the stem from each apple and press a wooden stick into the top. Put the caramels and milk in a microwave safe bowl. Microwave for 4 minutes, stirring once. Add more time in 30 second increments, if needed. Roll each apple quickly in the caramel sauce until well coated and shake to remove the excess. Arrange on the baking sheet to set. Cool for 30 minutes. Melt the chocolate candy melts in a double boiler. Dip the cooled apples into the ch <END>
INPUT: Italian, gratin, butter, mushrooms, garlic, beet greens, Kosher salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Beet Green Gratin | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon butter; 12 ounces sliced mushrooms; 2 cloves garlic, minced; 1 pound beet greens, cleaned and picked; Kosher salt and fresh ground black pepper; 4 egg yolks, beaten; 1 cups ricotta; 1/2 cup grated Parmesan; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 3/4 cup crumbled crackers (recommended: Ritz crackers) | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Melt the butter in a saucepan. Add the mushrooms and garlic and sweat. Add the beet greens and mix well. Remove pan from heat. Season with salt and pepper. In a separate bowl, combine the egg yolks, ricotta, Parmesan cheese, and salt. Combine everything and put into a lightly oiled 9 by 11-inch baking dish. Top with the crumbled crackers and bake for 30 minutes covered. Uncover and bake for an additional 15 minutes. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, sauce, water, limes, honey, piece ginger, sea salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Green Tea Poached Salmon with Ginger Lime Sauce | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 10 cups water; 2 limes, halved; 6 tablespoons honey, divided; 4-inch piece fresh ginger, peeled and chopped; 2 teaspoons sea salt; 2 teaspoons whole black peppercorns; 4 to 6 tablespoons loose green tea; 4 (6-ounce) boneless skinless salmon fillets | INSTRUCTIONS: Put the water into a straight sided skillet or pot with a lid. Add 3 of the lime halves (squeezing the juice into the water before adding), 5 tablespoons of the honey, the ginger, salt and peppercorns and bring to a boil over medium-high heat. Reduce the heat to a simmer, cover, and cook for 10 minutes to infuse the water with flavors. Remove and reserve 1/2 cup of this poaching liquid. Remove the pot from heat and add the tea. Allow the tea to steep for 3 to 5 minutes. Carefully slide the salmon into the water. Cover and poach until the fish is just cooked through and firm to the touch, about <END>
INPUT: macaroons, semisweet chocolate, unsweetened chocolate, egg whites, superfine sugar, vanilla
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate Macaroons | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound 2 ounces semisweet chocolate, finely chopped; 9 ounces unsweetened chocolate, finely chopped; 9 egg whites; 2 1/4 cups superfine sugar; 1 1/2 tablespoons vanilla; 12 cups coconut | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Line sheet pans with parchment. Melt the chocolate in a double boiler. Beat the egg whites in a standing mixer to soft peaks. Gradually add the sugar and beat on high speed to stiff peaks. Mix in the vanilla. Turn the mixer down and slowly incorporate the melted chocolate. Pour chocolate mixture in a large bowl. Fold in the coconut. Use a 4-ounce ice cream scoop to portion onto the sheet pans. Bake for about 25 minutes. Do not to overbake them! <END>
INPUT: Asian, wuxi, vegetable oil, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Wuxi Pork with Wine Sauce | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1 (2-lb) piece fresh pork belly (unsmoked bacon) with skin and bones; 2 (32-oz) bottles club soda; 1 tablespoon vegetable oil; 4 garlic cloves; 3 (1- by 1/4-inch) slices fresh ginger, smashed with flat side of a heavy knife; 3 scallions, trimmed and smashed; 2 cups Chinese white rice wine, Chinese white rice cooking wine, or Japanese sake*; 3 whole star anise; 2 whole cloves; 1 (2- by 2-inch) piece dried tangerine peel*; 1/2 cup plus 3 tablespoons Chinese sweet red rice wine, Chinese sweet red rice cooking wine, or medium-dry Sherry*; 2 to 3 tablespoons dark soy sauce (also known as superior)*; 1 tablespoon cornstarch; Accompaniments: corn flan and onion and orange marmalade; Special equipment: a 2-qt heatproof bowl, 9 to 10 inches wide; a 12-inch-wide steamer pot with insert | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook pork: Bring pork belly and club soda to a boil in a 4-quart saucepan, then reduce heat and simmer, uncovered, 20 minutes. Transfer pork to a cutting board and discard liquid. When pork is cool enough to handle, cut into 1-inch (bone-in) pieces with a cleaver. Transfer to heatproof bowl. Heat oil in a wok or medium skillet over moderately high heat until hot but not smoking, then stir-fry garlic, ginger, and scallions until browned, about 2 minutes. Transfer to bowl with pork and add white rice wine, star anise, cloves, tangerine peel, 3 tablespoons red rice wine, and 2 tablespoons soy sau <END>
INPUT: Mexican, corn, limes, five spice powder, Kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Corn with Five Spice and Lime | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 4 ears corn, husked; 2 limes, halved; 1 tablespoon five-spice powder; Kosher salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat a grill to medium-high and lightly oil the grate. Arrange the corn on the grates, and let them cook through and char, turning frequently, approximately 15 minutes. Rub the grilled corn with the limes, and season them with five-spice powder, and salt, to taste. <END>
INPUT: American, slab, all purpose flour, granulated sugar, salt, vegetable shortening, unsalted butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate-Nut Slab Pie | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 4 cups all-purpose flour, plus more for dusting; 1/3 cup granulated sugar; 3/4 teaspoon salt; 1/3 cup cold vegetable shortening; 2 sticks plus 2 tablespoons cold unsalted butter, cut into small pieces; 1 large egg yolk; 1/2 to 3/4 cup ice water; 4 cups salted roasted mixed nuts; 2 cups semisweet chocolate chunks (about 10 ounces); 1 stick plus 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted; 4 large eggs; 1 1/4 cups packed light brown sugar; 1 cup light corn syrup; 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice; 1 tablespoon pure vanilla extract | INSTRUCTIONS: Make the crust: Pulse the flour, granulated sugar and salt in a food processor to combine. Add the shortening and pulse until the mixture looks like coarse meal. Add the butter and pulse a few times until it is in pea-size pieces. Add the egg yolk and ½ cup ice water and pulse a few times until the dough just begins to clump together; add up to ¼ cup more water, 1 tablespoon at a time, as needed. Lay out 2 sheets of plastic wrap; put about three-quarters of the dough on one sheet and the remaining dough on the other. Gently pat each into a rectangle, using the plastic wrap to help you. Wrap ti <END>
INPUT: martini, vodka, lemon juice, sugar, lemon peel, crème de cassis
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lemon-Cassis Martini | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 cup vodka; 4 teaspoons fresh lemon juice; 2 teaspoons sugar; 1/2 teaspoon grated lemon peel; 1 tablespoon crème de cassis; Ice cubes; Lemon peel twists | INSTRUCTIONS: Mix first 4 ingredients in glass measuring cup. Let stand 10 minutes. Strain into martini shaker or another cup. Mix in cassis. Add ice; shake or stir until very cold. Strain into glasses. Garnish with lemon. Mix first 4 ingredients in glass measuring cup. Let stand 10 minutes. Strain into martini shaker or another cup. Mix in cassis. Add ice; shake or stir until very cold. Strain into glasses. Garnish with lemon. <END>
INPUT: anisette, sugar, mint, lemon sorbetto
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lemon Sorbetto with Watermelon and Anisette | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons anisette (anise liqueur); 1 tablespoon sugar; 1 (2-pound) wedge chilled watermelon; 1 tablespoon chopped mint; 1 pint lemon sorbetto (sorbet) or Italian ice; Equipment: a 1-inch melon-ball cutter; Garnish: mint sprigs | INSTRUCTIONS: Stir together anisette and sugar in a large bowl. Using melon-ball cutter, scoop watermelon balls into bowl. Add mint and toss. Serve sorbetto with watermelon mixture. Stir together anisette and sugar in a large bowl. Using melon-ball cutter, scoop watermelon balls into bowl. Add mint and toss. Serve sorbetto with watermelon mixture. <END>
INPUT: round headed radicchio, olive oil, garlic, balsamic vinegar, pepper taste
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Radicchio | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 round headed radicchio, halved or quartered according to size; 3 to 4 tablespoons olive oil; 1 garlic clove, minced; 4 tablespoons balsamic vinegar; Ground black pepper to taste | INSTRUCTIONS: Brush radicchio with olive oil and set on grill until softened, about 5 minutes, turning once. In a small saucepan, heat remaining olive oil with garlic. Drizzle oil and balsamic vinegar over radicchio, grind some pepper over the top. Serve immediately.; Brush radicchio with olive oil and set on grill until softened, about 5 minutes, turning once. In a small saucepan, heat remaining olive oil with garlic. Drizzle oil and balsamic vinegar over radicchio, grind some pepper over the top. Serve immediately. <END>
INPUT: Italian, dinner, Idaho Russet potatoes, Olive oil, bell peppers, mushrooms, Pesto
OUTPUT: TITLE: Baked for Dinner Potatoes | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 4 Idaho or Russet potatoes, each weighing about 8 ounces; Olive oil; 4 red bell peppers, seeded and finely julienned; 1 pound of mushrooms, stemmed and finely sliced; Pesto, sun dried tomato or black olive paste to taste; Salt and pepper; Yogurt or chunk Parmesan cheese - optional | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 450 degrees. Wash the potatoes, prick them and bake for about an hour or until done. (If kids don't like very crunchy exterior, scrub the potatoes clean, wrap them in foil and then bake; they will then steam rather than bake.) Meanwhile, heat olive oil and saute peppers and mushrooms until tender. Remove from heat and stir in pesto, or other paste to taste and season with salt and pepper. When potatoes are done, split them almost all the way to the bottom and squeeze up some of the potato flesh; spoon vegetable topping over and around potatoes. If you did not add pesto or other <END>
INPUT: Asian, moreland, filet sirloin beef, oil, spring, garlic, Piece ginger root
OUTPUT: TITLE: Beef a la Will Moreland | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 2 pounds filet or sirloin of beef; 2 tablespoons oil; 1 bunch spring (green) onions, chopped; 2 cloves garlic, chopped; Piece of ginger root the size of your thumb, chopped; 1 tablespoon soy sauce; 1 bunch fresh coriander (cilantro), chopped; 2 fresh chilies, chopped; 1 piece lemon grass, roughly chopped; 2 tins coconut milk; Juice of 1 lime | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Heat a heavy frying pan and sear your piece of meat on all sides, remove. Heat the oil in the same pan and saute the spring onions, garlic and ginger until softened. Add the soy sauce, half of the coriander, and the chilies. Place the seared meat in a roasting tin. Pour over the fried vegetable mixture. Add the lemongrass and pour the coconut milk and lime juice over the meat. Roast for 40 minutes. Place beef on a serving dish. Strain the sauce, add the rest of the chopped coriander and pour over the meat. Serve immediately. <END>
INPUT: salad, petal, water, wine, carrots, branch thyme, bay leaves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lobster Salad with Red Beets Petal and Caviar Vinaigrette | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 1/2 quarts water; 2 1/2 cups white wine; 2 chopped carrots; 1 branch thyme; 2 bay leaves; 1 soup spoon black peppercorns; 1 cup white wine vinegar; 4 lobsters 1 1/2 pounds each; 4 large red beets; 2 ounces French string beans; 1/2 cup extra virgin olive oil; 2 teaspoon balsamic vinegar; 1 tablespoon fresh chervil, chopped; 3/4-ounce osetra caviar, for the vinaigrette, plus 1-ounce osetra caviar, for garnish (quenelles); 5 small bouquets mixed greens, tied with a sprig of blanched chive | INSTRUCTIONS: Court bouillon: In a large pot bring water to a boil, and simmer all ingredients, except the vinegar for 10 minutes, then add the vinegar and let simmer for another 5 minutes. Yield: 3 quarts Cooking and cleaning the lobster: Bring the court bouillon to boil, and cook the lobsters (9 minutes for 1 1/2 pounds). Remove with a skimmer, and drain. When cold, put the lobster on its back, cut the tail in its center, pry open and remove the tail in 1 piece. Remove the vein. Slice 30 medallions and set aside. Break each claw under the joint and remove the flesh without breaking it. Flesh from the claw <END>
INPUT: Pepper Buttermilk Biscuits, Sausage Patties, Cream Gravy, parsley leaves, Scrambled eggs
OUTPUT: TITLE: Biscuits With Cream Gravy, Sausage and Scrambled Eggs | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 8 Black Pepper Buttermilk Biscuits (see below); 8 Sausage Patties (see below); Cream Gravy (see below); Chopped fresh parsley leaves, for garnish; Scrambled eggs, for serving; 8 Black Pepper Buttermilk Biscuits (see below); 8 Sausage Patties (see below); Cream Gravy (see below); Chopped fresh parsley leaves, for garnish; Scrambled eggs, for serving; 1 pound ground pork; 2 cloves garlic, smashed and chopped into a paste; 1 teaspoon onion powder; 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh sage; 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh thyme | INSTRUCTIONS: Slice each biscuit in half and put a sausage patty on the bottom half of each. Top with cream gravy and parsley. Serve 2 biscuits per person with eggs on the side. Slice each biscuit in half and put a sausage patty on the bottom half of each. Top with cream gravy and parsley. Serve 2 biscuits per person with eggs on the side. Combine the pork, garlic, onion powder, sage, thyme and oil in a large bowl and season with salt and pepper. Cover and refrigerate for at least 30 minutes and up to 8 hours to allow the flavors to meld. Form the mixture into 8 patties, each 1/2 inch thick. Heat a nonstick <END>
INPUT: American, butternut squash, olive oil, salt pepper, garlic, unsalted butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pizza with Blue Cheese, Butternut Squash, and Fried Sage Leaves | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 small butternut squash (1 pound); 4 tablespoons olive oil; salt and freshly ground pepper; 1 clove garlic, minced; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 15 fresh sage leaves; 5 ounces Gruyere cheese, such as Roth Kase, Fontina, Gouda or Emmentaler; 4 ounces blue cheese, such as Great Hill Blue, crumbled; dough for one 14-inch pizza, recipe below; 1 to 2 tablespoons cornmeal; About 3 1/2 cups unbleached all-purpose flour; 1 envelope active dry yeast (2 1/4 teaspoons); 1 1/2 cups warm (110 degrees F.) water; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1 tablespoon kosher salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. If using, place a pizza stone in the oven. Cut the squash in half lengthwise. Hold one half on its end, and with a sharp knife, shave the tough peel. Remove the seeds and pith. Set the squash flat side down and cut into 1/4 inch thick slices. Repeat with the other half, or until you have 2 cups sliced squash. Spread the squash out on an oiled baking sheet. Brush it liberally with 2 tablespoons of the olive oil, and sprinkle with salt and pepper to taste. Bake for about 20 minutes, or until soft. It is okay if the squash is slightly underdone since it will con <END>
INPUT: milkshake, vanilla ice cream, egg nog, gingersnap cookies, whipped cream
OUTPUT: TITLE: Egg Nog Milkshake | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup vanilla ice cream; 1 cup egg nog; 6 gingersnap cookies, crumbled; Fresh whipped cream, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine the vanilla ice cream, egg nog and 3 crumbled cookies in a blender. Blend until thick and smooth. Pour into 2 chilled glasses. Top with the fresh whipped cream and the remaining crumbled cookies. <END>
INPUT: American, ladd, sugar, cornstarch, salt, milk, egg yolks
OUTPUT: TITLE: Ladd's Chocolate Pie | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cups sugar; 1/4 cup cornstarch; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 3 cups whole milk; 4 egg yolks, beaten with a fork; 6 1/2 ounces bittersweet chocolate, broken into pieces; 2 tablespoons butter; 2 teaspoons vanilla; 1 baked pie shell (store-bought is fine); Optional toppings: whipped cream, hot fudge sauce, caramel sauce, chopped walnuts, raspberries and sprinkles | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. In a large saucepan over medium heat, stir together the sugar, cornstarch and salt. Pour in the milk, then the beaten eggs. Cook, stirring, until the mixture comes to a boil. Remove from the heat and add the chocolate, butter and vanilla. Stir until the chocolate is all melted. Pour into the baked pie shell and chill in the fridge for several hours until set. Serve plain to Ladd, serve topped with everything for Ree! <END>
INPUT: spiced, treatsand, unsalted butter butter, regular marshmallows miniature, square caramels, cinnamon, cardamom
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spiced Caramel Rice Krispies Treatsand#153; | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons unsalted butter or butter; 25 regular marshmallows or 2 1/2 cups miniature marshmallows; 10 1-inch-square caramels; 1/2 teaspoon cinnamon; 1/4 teaspoon cardamom (optional); 2 tablespoons half-and-half; 4 1/2 cups Kellogg's® Rice Krispies® cereal; 1/2 teaspoon coarse salt or kosher salt | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. In large saucepan melt butter over low heat. Add marshmallows and caramels. Stir until completely melted. Remove from heat. Stir in cinnamon and cardamom (if desired). Add half-and-half. Stir until well combined. 2. Add KELLOGG'S RICE KRISPIES cereal. Stir until well coated. 3. Using buttered spatula or wax paper evenly press mixture into 9 x 9 x 2-inch pan coated with cooking spray. Sprinkle with salt. Cool completely. Cut into bars. Best if served the same day. For more great recipes, visit www.Kelloggs.com. ®, ™, © 2010 Kellogg NA Co. <END>
INPUT: cake, syrup, sugar, cornmeal, all purpose flour, baking powder
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cornmeal Cake with Rosemary Syrup and Blackberries | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 stick (1/2 cup) unsalted butter, softened; 1 cup sugar; 1 cup yellow cornmeal; 3/4 cup all-purpose flour; 1 teaspoon baking powder; 3/4 teaspoon salt; 2 large eggs; 1 large egg yolk; 2/3 cup milk; 3/4 cup sugar; 3/4 cup water; 1/3 cup fresh rosemary leaves, chopped; 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice; 1/2 teaspoon vanilla; Lightly sweetened whipped cream | INSTRUCTIONS: Make cake: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. and butter and flour an 8-by 2-inch round cake pan. In a large bowl with an electric mixer beat together butter and sugar until light and fluffy. Add remaining cake ingredients and beat on low speed until combined. Beat batter on high speed until pale yellow, about 3 minutes. Pour batter into prepared pan and bake in middle of oven 40 minutes, or until a tester comes out with a few crumbs adhering. Make rosemary syrup while cake is baking: In a small saucepan simmer all syrup ingredients except vanilla 10 minutes. Remove pan from heat and stir in vanil <END>
INPUT: French, egg, yolks, milk, sugar, flour
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lemon and Raspberry Souffle | CUISINE: French | INGREDIENTS: 1 egg; 4 large yolks; 2 cups milk; 1 1/2 teaspoons sugar; 3/4 cup flour; 1/4 cup cornstarch; 2 tablespoons butter, cut up; Butter and sugar, for preparing the ramekins, at room temperature; 3/4 cup souffle base; 4 tablespoons lemon juice; 1/2 lemon, zested; 4 egg whites; 2 pinches cream of tartar; Heaping 1/3 cup sugar; 3 teaspoons raspberry or blackberry coulis or jam | INSTRUCTIONS: Whisk together the eggs and yolks. Boil milk and sugar. In a small bowl stir together flour and cornstarch. Add 2/3 of the flour mixture to the egg mixture. Temper the eggs with 1/4 of the hot milk then return the milk to the heat. Add the rest of the flour mixture to the egg mixture and whisk well. Add another 1/4 of the hot milk and whisk well. Reboil the remaining milk and whisk into the egg/flour mixture to thicken and self-cook. It will thicken on its own. Whisk in the butter chunks until melted. Press plastic wrap against the surface and refrigerate. The base will keep for 3 days. Heavil <END>
INPUT: American, freaks, vegetable oil, onion, garlic, thyme, rum
OUTPUT: TITLE: BBQ Freaks Tamarind-Glazed Pork Chops | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon vegetable oil; 1 medium yellow onion, chopped; 3 cloves garlic; 1 sprig fresh thyme; 1/2 cup rum (añejo); 1 cup honey; 1 cup tamarind pulp; 3 cups beef stock; 4 quarts water; 1 cup sugar; 1 cup salt; 30 whole cloves; 4 whole nutmegs, cracked; 8 center-cut pork chops, about 21/2 inches thick; Kosher salt and cracked black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: To make the glaze: Place the vegetable oil in a medium skillet over medium-high heat. Add the onion, garlic, and thyme and cook until the onion and garlic begin to brown, 7 to 10 minutes. Deglaze the pan with the rum and simmer for 4 to 5 minutes to evaporate the alcohol. Stir in the honey and tamarind pulp and cook over medium heat for 5 minutes. Add the beef stock and continue cooking until the liquid is reduced by half. Strain through a sieve. Cover and refrigerate until ready to use. To make the glaze: Place the vegetable oil in a medium skillet over medium-high heat. Add the onion, garlic <END>
INPUT: onions, sweet onion, Coarse salt, vegetable oil, butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Potatoes and Onions | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 pounds (about 3 potatoes) round, white thin skinned potatoes; 1 large sweet onion; Coarse salt; 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 1 turn of the pan; 2 tablespoons butter | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat a 10-inch heavy skillet over medium high heat. Slice potatoes and onions very thin. Salt potatoes and onions. Add oil and butter to the pan. When the butter foams, add potatoes and onions to the skillet. Place a dinner plate on top of potatoes and weight it with any heavy object: a sack of flour, heavy canned goods, etc. Let the potatoes and onions crust, 2 to 3 minutes, then turn, replace weights, and let them crust again. Keep turning the potatoes and onions over for about 20 minutes, until they are evenly golden and crusted. <END>
INPUT: gravy, butter, Kosher salt pepper, shallots, good quality low
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Turkey Breast with Gravy | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 (3-pound) fresh bone-in turkey breast halves; 8 tablespoons butter (1 stick), at room temperature, plus 2 tablespoons; Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper; 2 shallots, peeled and sliced; 2 cups good quality low-sodium chicken stock; 2 tablespoons unbleached all-purpose flour | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F. Dry the skin of the turkey breasts with paper towels and put in a roasting pan on a wire rack, breast side up. Rub 4 tablespoons butter all over the surface of each breast and season them well with salt and pepper. Add the shallots to the bottom of roasting pan and cover shallots with the stock. Transfer the pan to the oven and roast until an instant-read thermometer registers 165 degrees F and the juices run clear, about 1 hour. (Begin checking the internal temperature after 45 minutes to prevent overcooking.) Remove the turkey breasts from the oven to a cutting <END>
INPUT: wood, chick, BBQ rub, apple juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Wood Chick's Smoked Pork Butt | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 (5-pound) or larger bone-in pork butt; 1/4 cup BBQ dry rub, homemade or store-bought; 1 cup apple juice in spray bottle | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: Charcoal and hickory and apple wood chips soaked in water 1/2 hour prior to cooking Twelve hours prior to cooking, trim fat cap to 1/4-inch thickness from pork butt. Season heavily with dry rub. Place in plastic bag and refrigerate overnight. Remove pork from refrigerator 2 hours prior to cooking to come to room temperature. Prepare smoker to temperature of 210 to 220 degrees F and place 1 handful of hickory chips and 1 handful of apple chips on hot coals. Place pork butt in smoker and smoke for 14 to 16 hours adding 1 handful of hickory and 1 handful of apple chips every 4  <END>
INPUT: tart, egg, heavy cream, Puff Pastry, All purpose flour, water
OUTPUT: TITLE: Plum Tart | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 large egg; 2 tablespoons heavy cream; 1 pound Puff Pastry, recipe follows, or frozen puff pastry, thawed; All-purpose flour, for rolling; 1 tablespoon water; 3 1/2 tablespoons sugar; 2 1/2 pounds plums (about 10), pitted and cut into 10 wedges each; 1 1/2 tablespoons unsalted butter, cut into small pieces; Creme Fraiche Ice Cream, recipe follows, optional | INSTRUCTIONS: In a small bowl, whisk together the egg and heavy cream to make an egg wash. Set aside. On a lightly floured surface, roll out the puff pastry to form a 12 1/2-inch by 17 1/2-inch rectangle. Cut 1/2-inch strips from each side of the puff pastry. Transfer puff pastry rectangle to a baking sheet that has been sprinkled with the water. Neatly brush a 1/2-inch wide border of water along each edge of the puff pastry rectangle. Top with corresponding strips of dough, pressing gently with your fingers to adhere. Using a fork or a docker, poke holes in the dough. Let stand at room temperature for 30 m <END>
INPUT: American, veggies, sour cream, mayonnaise, crumbled cheese, Hot pepper sauce, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Blue Cheese Dip for Veggies | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup sour cream; 2 tablespoons mayonnaise; 4 ounces crumbled blue cheese; Hot pepper sauce; Fresh pepper; 2 tablespoons fresh parsley, chopped; 1/2 lemon, juiced; 1 scallion, sliced | INSTRUCTIONS: In medium bowl combine sour cream and mayonnaise. Stir in blue cheese. Squeeze in lemon juice. Add a dash of hot pepper sauce and pepper. Add parsley and scallions. Stir to combine and serve. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, nacho, Hass avocados, jalapenos, onion, limes, cilantro leaves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Nacho Dog | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2 ripe Hass avocados, halved, pitted and peeled; 1 to 2 jalapenos, finely diced; 1/2 small red onion, finely diced; Fresh limes; Chopped fresh cilantro leaves; Canola oil, as needed; Salt and freshly cracked black pepper; 4 plum tomatoes, seeded and coarsely chopped; 1 lime, juiced; 1/2 bunch cilantro leaves, coarsely chopped; 1/2 small red onion, finely diced; 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar; 1 tablespoon chipotle in adobo puree; 8 hot dog buns; 8 hot dogs, grilled | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Guacamole: Coarsely smash all of the ingredients into a bowl and set aside. Salsa: Stir all of the ingredients together in a bowl and let them sit at room temperature for 30 minutes. Preheat a grill to medium. Assembly: Put the buns on the grill to toast. Put a sheet of aluminum foil onto the grill and add the grilled hot dogs. Sprinkle with cheese and allow it to melt. Add the hot dogs to the grilled buns, then top with guacamole, salsa, blue corn tortillas, hot sauce and pickled jalapenos. <END>
INPUT: Indian, lebanese, mujadara, lentils, virgin olive oil, cumin seeds, peppercorns, onions
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lebanese Lentils, Rice and Caramelized Onions (Mujadara) | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup brown or green lentils (not lentils du Puy), sorted for debris and rinsed; 1/2 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 1 teaspoon cumin seeds; 1/2 teaspoon cracked black peppercorns; 3 medium red onions, thinly sliced; Kosher salt; 3/4 cup basmati rice; 1/2 teaspoon ground cumin; 1/2 teaspoon cayenne pepper; 1 (1-inch) cinnamon stick; 2 tablespoons pine nuts, optional; Squeeze of fresh lemon juice; Greek yogurt, for serving, optional | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Throw the lentils into a medium saucepan. Fill with enough cold water to cover the lentils by about an inch. Bring it to a boil over medium-high heat, then turn down to a simmer and cook until the lentils are tender but not mushy, about 20 minutes. Drain and set aside. Meanwhile, as the lentils cook, grab a large skillet. Pop it over medium-high heat and add the oil. Allow the oil to warm for a minute, then drop in the cumin seeds and cracked peppercorns and cook, shaking the pan once in a while until the cumin seeds darken a touch, about 1 minute. Add the onions <END>
INPUT: crostini, poppy seeds, sesame seeds, garlic powder, onion powder, kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Crostini with Smoked Whitefish | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 teaspoon poppy seeds; 1 teaspoon white sesame seeds; 1/2 teaspoon garlic powder; 1/2 teaspoon onion powder; 1/4 teaspoon kosher salt; 20 slices baguette, 1/4-inch thick (about 1/2 baguette); 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 8 ounces smoked whitefish, flaked; 6 tablespoons creme fraiche; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh dill; 20 caperberries, halved | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Mix the poppy seeds, sesame seeds, garlic powder, onion powder and salt in a small bowl. Brush the baguette slices on both sides with olive oil and spread out on a rimmed baking sheet. Sprinkle with the seed mixture. Bake until lightly browned and crisp, 8 to 10 minutes. Let cool to room temperature. Meanwhile, with a rubber spatula, mix the flaked whitefish, creme fraiche and dill in a small bowl. Top each crostini with a spoonful of the whitefish salad and garnish with 2 caperberry halves. <END>
INPUT: Italian, gravy, beef top round, veal top round, all purpose flour, rustic rub, vegetable oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Braised Beef and Veal with Tomato Gravy | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 lb beef top-round steak (1/2 inch thick); 1 lb veal top-round steak (1/2 inch thick); 1/2 cup all-purpose flour; 2 tablespoons rustic rub; 1/4 cup vegetable oil; 2 cups chopped onion (1 large); 1 cup chopped green bell pepper (from 1 large); 1 cup chopped celery (about 2 ribs); 1 1/2 cups chopped peeled and seeded tomatoes (see cooks' note, below) or 1 1/2 cups (from a 28-oz can) drained canned tomatoes, chopped; 1 tablespoon chopped garlic; 5 Turkish bay leaves or 2 California; 1/4 teaspoon dried thyme, crumbled; 1/4 teaspoon dried oregano, crumbled; 1/4 teaspoon dried basil, crumbled; 1 teaspoon salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Cut beef and veal into 2-inch pieces. Combine flour and rustic rub in a small bowl. Working with 1 piece at a time, lightly coat meat with seasoned flour, then gently pound meat to 1/4 inch thick with flat side of a meat pounder, turning meat over occasionally. Heat oil in a wide 5- to 6-quart heavy pot over moderately high heat until hot but not smoking, then sauté all meat, stirring constantly and turning over, until evenly and lightly browned on both sides, 5 to 6 minutes. Add onion, bell pepper, and celery and cook, stirring and scraping up any brown bits from bottom and side of pot, until <END>
INPUT: American, pietisserie, all purpose flour, salt, unsalted butter, ice water, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pietisserie Apple Pie | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cups all-purpose flour, plus more for dusting; 1 teaspoon salt; 4 ounces unsalted butter, very cold; 1/4 cup ice water; 1/2 cup brown sugar; 1/4 cup all-purpose flour; 1/4 cup sugar; 1 1/4 teaspoons ground cinnamon; 1/2 teaspoon ground nutmeg; 1/4 teaspoon ground cloves; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 1 1/2 pounds Granny Smith apples, peeled and sliced (about 5 apples); 2 ounces unsalted butter; 2 tablespoons fresh ginger juice or 1 tablespoon freshly grated ginger; 1 cup brown sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: For the crust: Blend the flour and salt in a large bowl. Grate in half of the butter using a cheese grater, and then toss together with 2 forks so the butter coats the flour. Repeat with the remaining butter. Sprinkle half of the ice water over and stir with a fork. Press the dough together using your hands and set to the side any parts that form a ball. Repeat, adding the remaining water to the dry sections of the butter and flour mixture. Add just enough water so that the dough comes together when pressed firmly. Form the dough into a ball. Flatten into a disk and wrap with plastic wrap. Chi <END>
INPUT: American, sauced, sandwich, tub Curly's Famous, Your favorite cole, sesame seed buns
OUTPUT: TITLE: Famous BBQ Sauced Pork Sandwich | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 tub of Curly's Famous Pulled Pork BBQ.(YUM!); Your favorite cole slaw; 6 sesame seed buns | INSTRUCTIONS: Follow Curly's microwave cooking instructions on package. Remove Curly's cooked tub from your microwave (be careful, it's hot). Place ample servings of delicious Curly's Pulled Pork BBQ on top of your tasty, sesame seed buns. Top Curly's BBQ with your favorite serving of cole slaw. Serve with your favorite sides of chips, pickle or pork-n-beans. <END>
INPUT: crumble, sweet potatoes, milk, cardamom, light sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sweet Potato Crumble | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 medium sweet potatoes, peeled and large diced; 1/4 cup whole milk; 1 teaspoon ground cardamom; 4 to 6 tablespoons light brown sugar; Cooking spray; 1 large egg; 1 cup packed light brown sugar; 1 cup plain Greek yogurt; 1/4 cup vegetable oil; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; Zest of one orange; 1 1/2 cups all-purpose flour; 1 teaspoon baking powder; 1/4 teaspoon baking soda; 1/4 teaspoon fine salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. For the mashed sweet potatoes: Cover the sweet potatoes with cold water in a medium saucepan and simmer over medium heat until fork-tender, 12 to 15 minutes. Drain off the excess water and transfer the potatoes to the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment. Add the milk, cardamom and 4 tablespoons of the brown sugar and mix on medium until smooth, 3 to 4 minutes. Taste and add more brown sugar if desired. Set aside to cool. Spray a 9-by-13-inch baking dish with cooking spray. For the cake layer: In a clean bowl  <END>
INPUT: halibut, chive, milk, all purpose flour, eggs, nutmeg, Salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pan Seared Halibut with Garlic Chive Spaetzle, Lobster and Fava Beans with a Wild Mushroom Veloute | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup milk; 1 cup all-purpose flour; 5 whole eggs; 1 teaspoon ground nutmeg; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 tablespoons minced garlic; Oil; 2 tablespoons butter; 2 shallots; 1 cup mushrooms; 1 cup leek whites; 1 quart fish stock (chicken or vegetable will do); 1 quart cream; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Mix milk, flour, 5 whole eggs, nutmeg, 1 teaspoon of salt and freshly ground pepper and minced garlic until the dough forms. Allow to rest for 30 minutes. Over a pot of salted boiling water, pass the dough through a perforated pan or spaetzle maker. Once the dumplings float, strain out of the water and place them on a tray until room temperature. Moisten with a little oil and store for up to 2 days, refrigerated. In a pot place 2 tablespoons of butter, 2 shallots, 1 cup of leeks and 1 cup of mushrooms and cook over medium heat for 15 minutes. Then add the fish stock and reduce by half. Add you <END>
INPUT: Mexican, sharsh, poblano peppers, onions, bell pepper, olive oil, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sharsh's White Bean Chicken Chili | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 8 to 9 poblano peppers, roasted, peeled and chopped; 3 medium onions; 1 yellow bell pepper; 3 tablespoons olive oil; 2 cloves garlic, pressed; 1 teaspoon chili powder; 1 teaspoon ancho chili powder; 5 boneless, skinless chicken breasts, diced; 12 to 15 tomatillos, washed, paper-like skins removed; 1 quart chicken broth; Jalapeno or serrano peppers if needed for spice (poblanos will vary in their heat); Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 (15-ounce) cans white beans rinsed, drained; 1/2 cup chopped cilantro leaves, plus more for garnish; Lime slices, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Roast the poblano peppers on a grill or under the broiler turning often, until blackened and soft. Place them in a bowl covered with plastic wrap to cool (this will make peeling them easier). When cool; peel, seed and dice the poblano peppers. Dice the onions and bell pepper. Heat the oil in a large Dutch oven or kettle. Add onions, yellow bell pepper, poblano peppers, pressed garlic, chili powder and ancho chili powder. Saute this mixture until the onions are tender, 5 to 7 minutes. Add the diced chicken breast and continue to cook until chicken is fully cooked, 10 to 15 minutes depending on  <END>
INPUT: Asian, compote, fat plain Greek, honey, vanilla extract
OUTPUT: TITLE: Ginger-Vanilla Fro Yo with Peach Compote | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups 2-percent-fat plain Greek yogurt; 3 cups (or 6 store-bought cups, 4 ounces each) lowfat vanilla pudding; 1/4 cup (1 ounce) crystallized ginger, finely chopped; 4 tablespoons honey; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; 2 large (1 1/4 pounds) ripe peaches, pitted and sliced, slices halved (or 10 oz frozen peach slices, thawed ); 3 tablespoons sugar; 1 teaspoon grated fresh ginger; 1/2 teaspoon cinnamon, plus more for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: In a bowl, whisk together yogurt, pudding, crystallized ginger, honey and vanilla until smooth. Freeze until solid, 4 to 6 hours. Remove from freezer and defrost slightly, 15 minutes. In a medium saucepan, bring to a low boil peaches, 1 tablespoon water, sugar, fresh ginger and cinnamon; reduce heat and simmer until liquid thickens and peaches soften slightly, 4 to 5 minutes. Remove from heat; let cool. In a food processor, process frozen yogurt-pudding mixture until smooth. Divide fro yo and peach compote among 6 bowls; sprinkle with cinnamon. In a bowl, whisk together yogurt, pudding, crysta <END>
INPUT: American, rugalach, all purpose flour, sugar, fine salt, cream cheese
OUTPUT: TITLE: Golden Rugalach | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 1/4 cups all-purpose flour, plus more for dusting; 1 tablespoon sugar; 1/2 teaspoon fine salt; 2 sticks (8 ounces) unsalted butter, cut in pieces and chilled; 8 ounces cream cheese, cut in pieces and chilled; 2 tablespoons sour cream or Greek yogurt; 3/4 cup hazelnuts, toasted; 1 cup apricot preserves; 2/3 cups golden raisins; 1/4 teaspoon fine salt; 2 egg yolks; 1/4 cup sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: For the dough: Pulse the flour, sugar and salt in a food processor until combined. Add the butter and pulse until it resembles coarse sand with some pea-sized pieces of butter, about 20 pulses. Add the cream cheese and sour cream, and pulse until it comes together in a rough dough; (with some uneven pebbles sized-pieces). Turn the dough out onto a floured work surface and divide into four equal portions. Pat each portion into a flat square and wrap in plastic wrap. Freeze for 15 minutes. Foe the filling: Meanwhile, chop the hazelnuts in a clean food processor. Add the preserves, raisins and sa <END>
INPUT: melon, soup, cantaloupes, water, sugar, ginger, honey
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fleur de Sel Melon Soup with Chamomile Sorbet | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 ripe cantaloupes; 1 1/2 cups water; 1/4 cup sugar; 2 teaspoons grated ginger; 1/2 cup honey; 1 lime, zested; 1/4 cup white wine; 1 tablespoon lime juice; 20 fresh raspberries; 1 tablespoon fleur de sel; Mint leaves; 2 cups water; 1/2 cup sugar; 1/3 cup glucose; 5 chamomile tea bags | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. To prepare the melon, cut melon in half and scrape out the seeds. Using a small Parisienne spoon or scoop, cut out 1/4-inch balls. Reserve to the side. To prepare the soup, combine the water and sugar in a pot, and bring to a boil. Remove from the heat and add the ginger, honey, lime zest, white wine, and lime juice and let cool. Pour over the melon balls and allow to marinate for 2 hours. To prepare the sorbet, combine the water, sugar, and glucose in a pot and bring to a boil. Add the chamomile tea bags and steep for 15 minutes. Strain, and run through an ice c <END>
INPUT: silver, dollar, all purpose flour, pecans, granulated sugar, light sugar, baking powder
OUTPUT: TITLE: Silver Dollar Buttermilk-Pecan Pancakes with Bourbon Molasses Butter and Maple Syrup | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cups all-purpose flour; 1/2 cup finely chopped toasted pecans; 2 tablespoons granulated sugar; 1 tablespoon light brown sugar; 1 teaspoon baking powder; 1/2 teaspoon baking soda; 3/4 teaspoon fine sea salt; 2 large eggs; 1 1/2 cups, plus 3 tablespoons buttermilk; 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted and cooled, plus more for griddle; 1/2 vanilla bean, split lengthwise and seeds scraped; 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract; Bourbon Molasses Butter, to top, recipe follows; Pure maple syrup, warmed; Confectioners' sugar, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 200 degrees F. Whisk together the flour, pecans, granulated sugar, light brown sugar, baking powder, baking soda, and salt in a medium bowl. Whisk together the eggs, buttermilk, butter and vanilla extract and vanilla bean in a small bowl. Add the egg mixture to the dry mixture and gently mix to combine. Do not overmix. Let the batter sit at room temperature for at least 15 minutes and up to 30 minutes before using. Heat a cast iron or nonstick griddle pan over medium heat and brush with melted butter. Once the butter begins to sizzle, use 2 tablespoons of the batter for eac <END>
INPUT: cookies, Butter flavor no, unsalted butter, sifted cake flour, baking soda, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate Chip Cookies | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Butter-flavor no-stick cooking spray; 3 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1 cup sifted cake flour; 1/4 teaspoon baking soda; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/3 cup plus 1 tablespoon packed dark brown sugar; 1/3 cup plus 1 tablespoon granulated sugar; 1/3 cup low-fat cream cheese, at room temperature; 1 large egg plus 1 large egg white; 2 teaspoons vanilla extract; 1/2 cup (3 ounces) semisweet mini chocolate chips | INSTRUCTIONS: Position racks to divide the oven in thirds and preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Lightly coat cookie sheet(s) with cooking spray and set aside. In a small saucepan or syrup pan, melt the butter and cook over low heat until the butter begins to turn a golden brown and has a nutty aroma, about 4 minutes. Watch carefully so the butter does not burn. Set aside to cool slightly, then place in a metal bowl (to avoid thermal shock) and freeze or refrigerate about 5 minutes to solidify butter. Whisk in a mixing bowl the cake flour, baking soda, and salt. Set it aside. In a large bowl with an electri <END>
INPUT: tetrazzini, butter, olive oil, chicken breasts, salt, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken Tetrazzini | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 9 tablespoons butter; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 4 boneless skinless chicken breasts; 2 1/4 teaspoons salt; 1 1/4 teaspoons freshly ground black pepper; 1 pound white mushrooms, sliced; 1 large onion, finely chopped; 5 cloves garlic, minced; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh thyme leaves; 1/2 cup dry white wine; 1/3 cup all-purpose flour; 4 cups whole milk, room temperature; 1 cup heavy whipping cream, room temperature; 1 cup chicken broth; 1/8 teaspoon ground nutmeg | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F. Spread 1 tablespoon of butter over a 13 by 9 by 2-inch baking dish. Melt 1 tablespoon each of butter and oil in a deep large nonstick frying pan over medium-high heat. Sprinkle the chicken with 1/2 teaspoon each of salt and pepper. Add the chicken to the hot pan and cook until pale golden and just cooked through, about 4 minutes per side. Transfer the chicken to a plate to cool slightly. Coarsely shred the chicken into bite-size pieces and into a large bowl. Meanwhile, add 1 tablespoon each of butter and oil to the same pan. Add <END>
INPUT: American, shepherd, mushroom, russet potatoes, garlic, Salt, butter, heavy cream
OUTPUT: TITLE: Shepherd's Pie with Mushroom Onion Gravy | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 pounds russet potatoes, washed, peeled and cut into chunks; 1 clove garlic, smashed; Salt; 6 tablespoons butter; 1/2 cup heavy cream; Freshly ground black pepper; 2 tablespoons vegetable oil; 1 1/2 pounds ground beef (85 percent lean); 2 teaspoons Worcestershire sauce; 1/2 teaspoon cayenne pepper; 2 tablespoons tomato paste; 1/2 cup low-sodium beef stock; 1/2 large onion, finely chopped; 1 red bell pepper, julienned; 2 zucchini, julienned | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F. In a medium saucepan, cover potatoes and crushed garlic with enough water to cover by 1-inch. Add some salt and bring to a boil over high heat, then reduce to medium-high and cook until fork tender, about 15 minutes. Drain potatoes, return to pot, and mash together with 3 tablespoons of the butter and the heavy cream. Season with salt and pepper, to taste, and set aside. In a large pan on medium-high heat, combine 1 tablespoon butter and 1 tablespoon oil. When butter has melted, add beef, Worcestershire sauce, cayenne pepper and salt and pepper, to taste, and coo <END>
INPUT: custard, unsalted butter, demerara sugar, granulated sugar, lemon zest, vanilla bean
OUTPUT: TITLE: Apple and Fig Custard | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, plus more for dish; 2 tablespoons demerara sugar, plus more for sprinkling; 1/2 cup granulated sugar; 2 teaspoons finely grated lemon zest; 1 vanilla bean, halved lengthwise; 3 large eggs, room temperature; 2/3 cup whole milk, room temperature; 2 tablespoons apple brandy or dark rum; 3/4 cup crème fraîche, room temperature; 1/2 cup all-purpose flour; 1 teaspoon kosher salt, plus more; 2 pounds firm baking apples (about 4 large), peeled, cored, sliced into 1/2-inch-thick rings; 6 ounces fresh mission figs, halved lengthwise | INSTRUCTIONS: Place rack in top third of oven; preheat to 450°F. Butter a shallow 2-qt. baking dish and sprinkle with demerara sugar. Combine granulated sugar and zest in a medium bowl. Scrape in seeds from vanilla bean; save pod for another use. Massage zest and seeds into sugar with your fingers until mixture is very fragrant. Blend eggs in a blender until very frothy, about 1 minute. With motor running, gradually stream in milk, then brandy. Add sugar mixture, crème fraîche, flour, and 1 tsp. salt and blend just until smooth. Let custard rest while you roast the apples. Cook remaining 4 Tbsp. butter in a <END>
INPUT: encrusted, racks lamb, salt, peppercorns, Vegetable oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pepper Encrusted Rack of Lamb | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 racks of lamb, trimmed and cleaned; 1 tablespoon salt; 1/2 cup black peppercorns, coarsely ground; Vegetable oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Sprinkle the lamb liberally with the salt and pepper on both sides. Pour a thin layer of vegetable oil into a large skillet and place over high heat until the oil begins to smoke, 1 to 2 minutes. Working in batches, place the racks into the skillet. Sear for 1 minute per side, remove and put on a baking sheet. Put the lamb into the oven and roast until medium rare, about 15 to 18 minutes. Remove from the oven and let rest 5 minutes before slicing. Using a sharp knife, cut each rack in half. Serve immediately, half a rack per person. <END>
INPUT: doughnuts, jelly, water, orange juice, yeast, all purpose flour
OUTPUT: TITLE: Whole Wheat Honey Doughnuts with Apricot Jelly | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 cup water; 1/4 cup orange juice; 1/4 cup, plus 2 tablespoons honey; 2 tablespoons dry yeast; 2 cups all-purpose flour; 1/2 cup whole wheat flour; 3/4 teaspoon salt; 2 egg yolks; 2 tablespoons melted butter, or Pareve margarine; 6 cups vegetable oil; 1 cup sugar; 1 1/2 tablespoons cinnamon; 1 cup apricot preserves | INSTRUCTIONS: In a small saucepan, combine water, orange juice and honey. Heat to 110 degrees F. Add the yeast and stir to dissolve. Place liquid/yeast mixture in the bowl of an electric mixer with a paddle attachment. In a large bowl, sift together the flour, whole-wheat flour and salt. Add the dry ingredients to the wet ingredients and mix on low speed to combine. Add egg yolks and melted butter and mix on low speed until dough is formed. Turn dough out onto a well-floured surface. Place dough in a clean, lightly oiled bowl and cover with a towel. Place in a warm draft-free location for 1 1/2 hours to ris <END>
INPUT: Asian, curried, mangoes, light pure olive, salt, best quality curry, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Curried Mangoes with Ginger Ice Milk | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 4 large mangoes (or 6 to 8 if they are small); 1 tablespoon light or pure olive oil; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 1 tablespoon best-quality curry powder; 3 tablespoons sugar; 1 recipe Ginger Ice Milk; 1/2 cup (1 to 1 1/2 ounces) sweetened shredded coconut, lightly toasted; One jelly-roll pan for holding the mango slices before and after grilling | INSTRUCTIONS: 1 Preheat an outdoor grill or stovetop grill pan to medium-high. 2 To cut the mangoes, slice off one of the pointed ends on one of them and stand it up on a cutting board. Using a sharp knife, make a cut from top to bottom, removing one of the wide, rounded sides of the mango from the center pit but keeping the side intact. Repeat with the other side. Also cut away any of the mango flesh around the narrow edge of the pit; reserve that flesh for a fruit salad or another use. 3 Peel the two halves removed from the mango, then repeat with the remaining mangoes. 4 Mix the olive oil and salt in a b <END>
INPUT: Indian, wrapped, brie, apricots, onion, water, cider vinegar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Phyllo-Wrapped Brie with Apricot and Rosemary Chutney | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 12 ounces dried apricots, chopped; 1 large red onion, chopped; 1 cup water; 2/3 cup cider vinegar; 2/3 cup (packed) golden brown sugar; 3 ounces dried tart cherries (3/4 cup); 1 1/2 tablespoons chopped fresh rosemary; 3 large garlic cloves, finely chopped; 2 teaspoons grated lemon peel; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/8 teaspoon cayenne pepper; 1/2 cup blanched slivered almonds, toasted; 1 cup (2 sticks) unsalted butter, melted; 1 pound fresh phyllo pastry sheets or frozen, thawed; 4 1/2 tablespoons chopped fresh rosemary | INSTRUCTIONS: To Make Chutney: Combine all ingredients except almonds in heavy large saucepan. Bring to boil over medium-high heat, stirring until sugar dissolves. Reduce heat to medium-low; simmer until most liquid has evaporated and chutney is thick, stirring occasionally, about 25 minutes. Mix in almonds. Transfer chutney to bowl. Chill until cold, about 3 hours. (Can be made 1 week ahead. Cover, keep chilled.) Combine all ingredients except almonds in heavy large saucepan. Bring to boil over medium-high heat, stirring until sugar dissolves. Reduce heat to medium-low; simmer until most liquid has evapora <END>
INPUT: Mexican, slaw, nonfat vegetable stock, cornstarch, cumin seeds, jalapeño pepper, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Red Chile and Pecan Slaw | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 32 ounces nonfat vegetable stock, divided; 2 tablespoons cornstarch; 1 teaspoon cumin seeds; 1 jalapeño pepper, seeded and diced; 1 clove garlic; 1/2 shallot, chopped; 1/2 cup chopped fresh cilantro; 1/4 cup sweet Thai chile sauce, such as Mae Ploy; 1/4 cup apple cider (or rice wine) vinegar; 1/2 teaspoon ground cumin; 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 1/4 cup pecan pieces; 1/2 teaspoon dark chili powder; 1 tablespoon olive oil; 1/4 pound red cabbage, shredded | INSTRUCTIONS: Stir 1/2 cup vegetable stock with cornstarch in a measuring cup until blended. Bring remaining 28 ounces stock to a boil in a medium saucepan over high heat. Reduce heat to a simmer and slowly whisk in stock-cornstarch mixture. Stir rapidly until stock is the consistency of olive oil. (It should cling to the back of a spoon.) Cool to room temperature, skim off and discard any film on top. Place cumin seeds in a dry sauté pan over medium-high heat. Stir until aroma of seeds is released, about 1 minute. Blend 1/4 cup stock in a blender with cumin seeds and remaining dressing ingredients until sm <END>
INPUT: Mexican, steve, floribean, chicken thighs, onion, carrots, celery, bay leaves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Steve's Floribean Chicken Chili | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 5 pounds chicken thighs; 1 onion, halved; 2 carrots, halved; 3 celery ribs, halved; 3 bay leaves; Juice of 1 lime; 2 teaspoons cumin; 1 teaspoon coriander; 6 black peppercorns; 1 pound dried red kidney beans; 3 tablespoons olive oil; 3/4 cup each chopped (1/4 inch) onion and poblano pepper; 8 ounces diced (1/2 inch) andouille sausage; 1 tablespoon each ground coriander, cumin and chili powder; 1 can (28 ounces) crushed tomatoes | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. Place chicken along with next 8 ingredients in a large, heavy pot; add water just to cover. Bring to a boil, reduce heat and simmer for 30 minutes, or until chicken is cooked through. Remove chicken to a bowl. Strain the broth, return it to the pot and reserve. Shred the chicken and reserve. 2. Add the beans to the reserved broth. Bring to a boil, reduce heat, and simmer until tender, about 45 minutes, skimming any foam. Drain beans, reserving 1 cup of the cooking liquid; set aside. 3. Heat olive oil in a heavy pot over medium-low heat. Add onions, poblano pepper and sausage; cook for 8 min <END>
INPUT: herbs, farro, kosher salt, pistachios, lemon zest, lemon juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Farro with Pistachios, Mixed Herbs, and Golden Raisins | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups farro; 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt, plus more; 1/2 cup pistachios; 1 1/2 teaspoons finely grated lemon zest; 3 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 1 teaspoon finely grated peeled ginger; 1/2 teaspoon sugar; 1/3 cup grapeseed oil or olive oil; Freshly ground black pepper; 1 serrano chile, sliced into rings; 1 cup coarsely chopped mixed fresh cilantro, mint, and parsley; 1/3 cup golden raisins | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350°F. Rinse farro under cold water. Cook in a large pot of boiling salted water, skimming surface occasionally, until tender, 20–25 minutes. Meanwhile, toast pistachios on a rimmed baking sheet, tossing once, until golden brown, 8–10 minutes. Let cool, then coarsely chop. Whisk lemon zest, lemon juice, ginger, sugar, and 1/2 tsp. salt in a medium bowl. Whisking constantly, gradually add oil. Whisk until emulsified; season vinaigrette with salt and pepper. Drain farro and rinse under cold water. Transfer to a large bowl and add chile, herbs, raisins, and pistachios; toss to com <END>
INPUT: virgin olive oil, leeks, carrots, garlic, tomato paste
OUTPUT: TITLE: Salmon with Lentils | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil, plus more for drizzling; 2 leeks, white and light-green parts only, halved lengthwise and chopped; 2 carrots, diced; 3 cloves garlic, chopped; 1 tablespoon tomato paste; 1 cinnamon stick; 1/2 pound (1 1/4 cups) French brown or green lentils; 1 bunch Swiss chard; 3 6-ounce center-cut skinless salmon fillets; Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper; 1 tablespoon honey; Juice of 1 lemon | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat 1/4 cup olive oil in a skillet over medium heat. Add the leeks and carrots and cook until tender, 5 minutes. Add the garlic and tomato paste and cook 1 minute. Increase the heat to high; add 4 cups water, the cinnamon stick and lentils. Bring to a boil, then reduce the heat to medium-high, cover and simmer until tender, 20 minutes. Meanwhile, remove the Swiss chard stems; reserve 3 leaves and chop the rest. Place the whole leaves over the lentils, cover and wilt, 1 minute. Remove the chard and cover the lentils. Season the salmon with salt and pepper and wrap a wilted chard leaf around ea <END>
INPUT: Italian, cauliflower, wine, chicken broth water, virgin olive oil, oregano
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Cauliflower | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 2 heads cauliflower; 1/2 cup white wine; 1/2 cup canned chicken broth or water; 1 tablespoon extra virgin olive oil, plus more for drizzling cauliflower; 1 teaspoon dried oregano; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 6 garlic cloves, sliced thinly; 1/2 cup dry bread crumbs; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh Italian parsley; 1 cup coarsely shredded Parmesan or pecorino | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Break apart the cauliflower into large florets and cut off the thicker stems. Set the cauliflower pieces stem side down in a 13 by 9-inch baking dish. Pour the wine and broth into the dish and drizzle olive oil over the cauliflower. Sprinkle with the oregano, and salt and pepper, to taste. Scatter the garlic over everything. Cover the pan with aluminum foil and bake until tender, about 30 minutes. The florets should fall apart if you poke them with your finger. Meanwhile, stir the bread crumbs, chopped parsley, and 1 tablespoon olive oil together in a small b <END>
INPUT: American, margherita, plum tomatoes puree, basil, virgin olive oil, garlic, Romano cheese
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Pizza Margherita | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 3 cups canned plum tomatoes in thick puree, crushed up; 3/4 cup chopped fresh basil; 1 cup extra virgin olive oil; 2 tablespoons finely chopped garlic; 2 1/4 cups grated Romano cheese; 2 1/4 cups grated fontina cheese; 3 tablespoon chopped flat leaf parsley; Mashed potatoes, if desired (see recipes below); 1 recipe pizza dough divided into 6 pieces (recipe below); 11 ounces lukewarm water; 1 teaspoon fresh yeast; 1 tablespoon molasses; 2 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt; 2 1/2 tablespoons olive oil; 3 1/2 cups all purpose flour | INSTRUCTIONS: In a bowl, combine the tomatoes in puree, basil, 1/4 cup of the olive oil and the garlic. Stir well and set aside at room temperature for up to 1 hour. In a bowl, mix together the Romano and fontina cheeses. Spread about 3/4 cup of the romano-fontina mixture over each pizza crust and then dollop each with 8 to 10 tablespoons of the tomato sauce. Do not spread the sauce over the crust. Drizzle each pizza with about a tablespoon of the remaining olive oil and sprinkle each with parsley. At this point if you desire, spread the mashed potatoes thinly over the dough. Slide the crust back to the edg <END>
INPUT: Italian, pasta, paella, zucchini, plum tomatoes, onion, garlic, olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pasta Paella with Clams and Spicy Sausage | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 medium zucchini; 4 plum tomatoes; 1 medium onion; 2 garlic cloves; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 6 ounces fideos (Spanish dried coiled vermicelli noodles), or 6 ounces thin spaghetti broken into 2-inch pieces; 1/4 pound hot Italian sausage links; 1 1/4 cups water; 3/4 cup dry white wine; 12 small hard-shelled clams such as littlenecks (less than 2 inches in diameter); 1 tablespoon chopped fresh parsley leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: Cut zucchini and tomatoes into 1/2-inch pieces and keep vegetables separate. Chop onion and mince garlic. In a heavy kettle heat oil over moderately high heat until hot but not smoking and sauté uncooked pasta, turning occasionally, until golden, about 2 minutes. With a slotted spoon transfer pasta to a bowl. In oil remaining in kettle sauté zucchini with salt to taste, stirring occasionally, until browned, about 3 minutes, and transfer to another bowl. Squeeze sausage from casings into kettle and add onion and garlic. Sauté mixture, stirring and breaking up sausage, until browned, about 5 min <END>
INPUT: American, smothered, bacon, vegetable oil, chuck eye blade, all purpose flour, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Smothered Steak | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 4 bacon slices; 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, divided; 1 1/2 pounds chuck eye or blade steaks; 1/2 cup all-purpose flour; 2 cups thinly sliced onion; 1 cup water | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook bacon in 1 tablespoon oil in a large heavy skillet over medium heat until crisp. Drain on paper towels, reserving fat in skillet, then crumble. Meanwhile, pound steaks 1/4 inch thick between sheets of plastic wrap using flat side of a meat pounder. Snip through any gristle with kitchen shears (to prevent curling), then pat steaks dry. Mix together flour, 1 teaspoon salt, and 1/4 teaspoon pepper and dredge steaks on all sides, shaking off excess. Heat reserved bacon fat over medium-high heat until it shimmers, then brown steaks on both sides in batches; transfer to a plate. Add onion to sk <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, cake, Vegetable oil, all purpose flour, salt, eggs, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: DaVero Meyer Lemon Olive Oil Cake | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: Vegetable oil, for brushing pan; 1 cup all-purpose flour; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 5 large eggs, separated; 3/4 cup sugar; 2 tablespoons grated fresh lemon zest, or more, to taste; 1/2 cup DaVero Meyer Lemon or Dry Creek Estate olive oil; 1/3 cup Gewurztraminer or similar sweet white wine; 2 large egg whites; 1 pint fresh berries, plus additional for garnish; 2 to 4 tablespoons confectioners' sugar or more, to taste | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 325 degrees F. Brush a 9-inch springform pan with vegetable oil; line bottom with parchment paper. Combine flour and salt in a medium bowl and set aside. In a large bowl, beat 5 egg yolks and sugar at medium-high speed about 2 to 3 minutes, until it is light yellow and ribbons form when beaters are lifted. Add flour mixture to egg mixture and beat on medium-low until well blended. Beat in lemon zest. In a small bowl, combine wine and olive oil; gradually pour into large bowl in a thin, steady stream, beating until thoroughly combined. Set aside. In a clean mixing bowl, beat 7 e <END>
INPUT: bisque, tomato paste, onion, celery, carrot
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lobster Bisque | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 (1 1/2-pound) lobsters; 1 1/2 cups tomato paste; 1 1/2 cups coarsely chopped onion; 1 1/2 cups coarsely chopped celery, including leaves; 1 1/2 cups coarsely chopped carrot; 1 sprig thyme; 3 sprigs flat-leaf parsley, plus extra, for garnish; 1/2 teaspoon saffron; 6 cups heavy cream; 1 cup cream sherry; 2 tablespoons freshly ground black pepper; 1/4 cup cornstarch | INSTRUCTIONS: Fill large stockpot with water and bring to a boil. There should be enough water to cover lobsters completely when immersed. Place live lobsters in boiling water head first to minimize splashing. When water re-boils, turn down the heat, and simmer for 20 minutes. Do not overcook lobsters. Remove lobsters from the pot using tongs; save all the water in stockpot as this is now a flavorful stock to be re-used. Place 10 cups of stock in a clean stockpot and put on low heat. Clean claws and tails of lobsters and reserve meat, legs, and swimmerets. After lobsters are cleaned, place shells in stockpo <END>
INPUT: salad, vinaigrette, mixed baby greens, plum tomatoes, onions, cranberries currants, pecans
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mixed Green Salad with Roquefort Vinaigrette | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 8 cups mixed baby greens; 8 ounces plum tomatoes, seeded, diced; 4 green onions, chopped; 1/4 cup dried cranberries or dried currants; 1/2 cup chopped pecans, toasted; 1/2 cup plus 1 tablespoon olive oil; 3 tablespoons raspberry vinegar or red wine vinegar; 1/2 cup crumbled Roquefort cheese (about 2 ounces) | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine baby greens, diced tomatoes, chopped onions, cranberries and pecans in large bowl. Whisk olive oil and vinegar in small bowl until blended. Season dressing to taste with salt and pepper. Mix in Roquefort cheese. Toss salad with dressing and serve. Combine baby greens, diced tomatoes, chopped onions, cranberries and pecans in large bowl. Whisk olive oil and vinegar in small bowl until blended. Season dressing to taste with salt and pepper. Mix in Roquefort cheese. Toss salad with dressing and serve. <END>
INPUT: salad, broccoli, almonds, bacon, carrots, onions
OUTPUT: TITLE: Broccoli Stalk Salad with Goji Berries and Bacon | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 cups cut broccoli stalks; 1 cup sliced almonds; 1 cup cooked bacon, loosely chopped; 1 cup shredded carrots; 1 cup thinly sliced red onions; 2 tablespoons goji berries; 1/3 cup grade B maple syrup; 3 tablespoons whole-grain Dijon mustard; 2 tablespoons chopped shallots; 2 tablespoons white wine vinegar; 1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil; 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 1/8 teaspoon salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Peel the broccoli stalks, then cut lengthwise into thin slices using a mandoline. In a bowl, toss together the broccoli, almonds, bacon, carrots, onions and goji berries. In a blender, combine the maple syrup, mustard, shallots, vinegar, oil, pepper and salt until smooth. Add the vinaigrette to the salad and toss to coat. <END>
INPUT: Italian, pesto, olive oil, regular gluten free, olives, bell pepper, pumpkin seeds
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cilantro Lime Pesto Pasta | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoons olive oil; One 8-ounce box regular or gluten-free angel hair pasta; 1 cup black olives, pitted and quartered, plus more for garnish; 1/2 red bell pepper, diced; 1/4 cup raw pumpkin seeds; 2 1/2 cups fresh basil leaves, tightly packed, plus more for garnish; 3/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil, preferably cold pressed; 1/2 cup fresh cilantro leaves; 1/2 cup pine nuts, plus more for garnish; 3 tablespoons fresh lime juice; 1 tablespoon minced garlic; 2 teaspoons nama shoyu or tamari; 1/2 teaspoon sea salt; 1/2 teaspoon ground black pepper; Pinch cayenne pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: For the pasta: Bring a large pot of filtered water to a rapid boil. Add the olive oil and pasta to the water. Return to a boil. Cook uncovered until al dente, 6 to 10 minutes. Drain in a colander. Transfer the pasta to a large mixing bowl and fold in the olives, bell peppers and pumpkin seeds. Mix well to combine and set aside. For the pesto: Place the basil, olive oil, cilantro, pine nuts, lime juice, garlic, nama shoyu, salt, pepper and cayenne in a food processor. Process until semi-smooth, with a little bit of a chunky texture. Combine the noodles and pesto sauce with your hands and mix vi <END>
INPUT: purchased fully pizza, cream cheese, onion, dill, lemon peel
OUTPUT: TITLE: Smoked-Salmon Pizza with Red Onion and Dill | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 10-ounce purchased fully baked pizza crust; 4 ounces cream cheese, room temperature; 1/4 cup minced red onion; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh dill; 2 teaspoons grated lemon peel; 1 teaspoon prepared white horseradish; 4 to 6 ounces thinly sliced smoked salmon | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 450°F. Place pizza crust on baking sheet. Bake until crisp at edges, about 13 minutes. Transfer crust to rack; cool to lukewarm. Blend cream cheese with next 4 ingredients. Season with salt and pepper. Spread cheese topping over crust, leaving 1-inch border. Top with salmon. Slice pizza and transfer to platter. Preheat oven to 450°F. Place pizza crust on baking sheet. Bake until crisp at edges, about 13 minutes. Transfer crust to rack; cool to lukewarm. Blend cream cheese with next 4 ingredients. Season with salt and pepper. Spread cheese topping over crust, leaving 1-inch bord <END>
INPUT: turnover, butter, sugar, cinnamon, apples, puff pastry
OUTPUT: TITLE: Apple Turnover | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons/45ml butter; 3 tablespoons/45ml brown sugar; 1/2 teaspoon/2ml cinnamon; 6 apples, such as Honeycrisp, Cortland, Spartan or Empire, peeled, halved, cored and cut into 1/2-inch cubes (about 3 cups); 1 pound/450g puff pastry; All-purpose flour, for the work surface; 2 eggs; 2 tablespoons/30ml confectioners' sugar, sifted; Soft, fresh sheep's or goat's milk cheese, yogurt or ice cream, for serving | INSTRUCTIONS: For the apple filling: Melt the butter in a saucepan over medium heat. Add the brown sugar, cinnamon and apples and cook until the apples are caramelized and have started to soften, 10 to 15 minutes. Transfer to a bowl and let cool, then keep in the refrigerator. Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). For the turnover: Roll out the puff pastry to 10 by 10-inch square with a 1/8-inch (3mm) thickness on a lightly floured surface. Transfer to a large baking sheet lined with parchment paper. Spoon the apple filling over half the pastry, leaving a border around the edge. Beat the eggs w <END>
INPUT: Mexican, kickin, chipotle peppers, buttermilk, chicken tenders, masa, panko bread crumbs
OUTPUT: TITLE: Kickin' Chipotle Fried Chicken Tenders with Cool Cucumber Slaw | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: One 7-ounce can chipotle peppers (including adobo sauce); 1 quart buttermilk; 2 pounds chicken tenders; 1 cup masa; 2 cups panko bread crumbs; 2 teaspoons kosher salt; 1/2 teaspoon white pepper; Canola oil, for frying; Cool Cucumber Slaw, recipe follows; Cilantro sprigs; Cucumber wedges; 2 Armenian or English cucumbers, coarsely shredded; 1 teaspoon kosher salt; 2 cups Greek yogurt; 3 tablespoons lime juice | INSTRUCTIONS: Pour chipotle peppers and adobo sauce into a blender. Add 2 cups buttermilk; cover and process until peppers are completely pureed. Place chicken in a large zip top plastic bag and pour buttermilk mixture and remaining buttermilk over chicken. Refrigerate for at least 3 hours or up to overnight. Combine the masa, panko, salt and pepper in a large zip top plastic bag. Drain chicken pieces; add to masa mixture, 1 at a time, and shake to coat. Shake off excess; place on waxed paper for 15 minutes before frying. Heat 4 inches of oil to 375 degrees F in a large cast iron skillet. Fry chicken for ab <END>
INPUT: root, vegetables, carrots, turnips, parsnips, sugar, fine sea salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Braised Lamb Shoulder Chops with Root Vegetables | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 10 small carrots, peeled and cut into medium dice; 8 small turnips, peeled and cut into medium dice; 8 small parsnips, peeled and cut into medium dice; 3 tablespoons sugar; 3 teaspoons fine sea salt; 3 tablespoons unsalted butter; 8 (1-inch-thick) lamb shoulder blade chops (also called round bone lamb shoulder chops)*; 3 to 4 tablespoons olive oil; 2 heads garlic, cloves peeled and left whole; 6 medium carrots, peeled and roughly chopped; 4 medium celery stalks, roughly chopped; 2 medium onions, roughly chopped; 5 sprigs fresh rosemary; 10 sprigs fresh thyme; 4 whole dried bay leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: Blanch the root vegetables: Place diced carrots, turnips, and parsnips in a large saucepan. Add sugar and salt and cover with cold water. Place over high heat and bring to a boil. Reduce heat to moderately high and simmer, uncovered, until tender, about 3 minutes. Drain, then immediately plunge into ice water to stop cooking. Drain again and pat dry. DO AHEAD: The root vegetables can be prepared in advance and refrigerated, in an airtight container, up to 24 hours. Place diced carrots, turnips, and parsnips in a large saucepan. Add sugar and salt and cover with cold water. Place over high heat <END>
INPUT: American, all purpose flour, pecans, sugar, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Bourbon And Chocolate Pecan Pie | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup all-purpose flour, plus more for dusting; 1/4 cup finely ground pecans; 1 tablespoon sugar; Pinch salt; 1/2 cup (1 stick) unsalted butter, cold and cut into small chunks; 2 tablespoons ice water, plus more if needed; 1/4 cup (1/2 stick) unsalted butter; 2 ounces unsweetened chocolate; 3 large eggs; 1 cup sugar; 3/4 cup dark corn syrup or sugar cane syrup (such as Steen's); 1/2 teaspoon pure vanilla extract; 3 tablespoons bourbon; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 11/2 cups pecan halves | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. To make the pastry: combine the flour, ground pecans, sugar, and salt in a large mixing bowl. Add the butter and mix with a pastry blender or your hands until the mixture resembles coarse crumbs. Pour in the ice water and work it in to bind the dough until it holds together without being too wet or sticky. Squeeze a small amount together, if it is crumbly, add more ice water, 1 tablespoon at a time. Wrap the dough in plastic wrap and refrigerate for at least 30 minutes. Roll out the dough on a lightly floured surface into a 12-inch circle. Carefully roll the doug <END>
INPUT: Italian, minute, sauce, virgin olive oil, size scallions, bell pepper stir, Two caponata, chicken broth water
OUTPUT: TITLE: 10-Minute Penne with Caponata Sauce | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil (the fruitiest you can find); 2 medium-size scallions, trimmed and thinly sliced (include some green tops); 1 1/2 cups frozen bell pepper stir-fry mix (red, green and yellow peppers; do not thaw); Two 7 3/4-ounce cans caponata, with their liquid; 1/4 cup chicken broth or water; 1/4 cup coarsely chopped fresh basil; 2 tablespoons coarsely chopped Italian (flat-leaf) parsley; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1/2 pound penne or fusilli, cooked al dente by package directions and drained; 1/3 cup freshly grated Parmesan cheese | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. Heat oil in large, heavy skillet over moderately high heat for 2 minutes. Add scallions, stir-fry mix, and garlic; reduce heat to moderate and cook, stirring, until scallions are limp and excess pepper juices evaporate, 3 to 5 minutes. 2. Add caponata and broth and simmer uncovered, stirring often, just until flavors mingle, about 5 minutes. 3. Mix in basil, parsley, and salt and papper to taste. Add penne and toss lightly to coat with sauce, sprinkle with grated cheese, and serve with additional grated Parmesan. 1. Heat oil in large, heavy skillet over moderately high heat for 2 minutes. A <END>
INPUT: ragout, dumplings, butter margarine, onion, celery, mushrooms
OUTPUT: TITLE: Quick and Creamy Turkey Ragout with Pimiento Cornbread Dumplings | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons butter or margarine; 1 cup chopped onion; 1/2 cup diced celery; 1 (10 to 14-ounce) turkey tenderloin, cut into bite-sized pieces; 1 cup mushrooms, sliced; 1 teaspoon rubbed sage; 1/2 teaspoon dried rosemary; 1/2 teaspoon dried thyme leaves; 1 1/2 cups water; 1 to 3 teaspoons chicken bouillon granules or chicken soup base; 1 (10-ounce) can condensed cream of chicken soup; 1 1/2 cups plus 1/3 cup milk; 1 (6-ounce) package buttermilk cornbread mix (recommended: Martha White brand); 1 (2-ounce) jar chopped pimientos, undrained; 1 tablespoon fresh parsley, chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: In a 3-quart cast iron chicken fryer, melt the butter over medium-high heat. Add the onion, celery and turkey, and cook until the vegetables are tender, and the turkey has changed color. Stir in the mushrooms, spices, water, and bouillon. Cover, reduce heat to low, and simmer for 15 minutes. Then stir in the soup and 1 1/2 cups milk, and return to a simmer.; In a medium mixing bowl, combine the cornbread mix, 1/3 cup milk, pimientos, and parsley. Drop by tablespoons into the simmering turkey mixture. Cover and simmer over medium-low heat for 5 to 6 minutes, or until the dumplings are firm.; <END>
INPUT: rosemary leaves long, garlic, wine vinegar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Rosemary Garlic Red-Wine Vinegar | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup fresh rosemary leaves plus long sprigs for garnish, rinsed and drained well; 8 large garlic cloves, halved; 2 cups red-wine vinegar | INSTRUCTIONS: In a very clean 1-quart glass jar combine the rosemary leaves, the garlic and the vinegar and let the mixture steep, covered with the lid, in a cool dark place for at least 4 days and up to 2 weeks, depending on the strength desired. Strain the vinegar through a fine sieve into a glass pitcher, reserving the garlic and discarding the rosemary leaves, and pour it into 2 very clean 1/2-pint glass jars. Add a rosemary sprig and some of the reserved garlic to each jar and seal the jars with the lids.; <END>
INPUT: Indian, stew, cardamom, cinnamon, cayenne pepper, lamb shoulder
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spicy Lamb Stew with Apricots and Cardamom | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 teaspoon ground cardamom; 1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1/2 teaspoon cayenne pepper; 1/4 teaspoon ground cloves; 3 1/2 pounds lamb shoulder o-bone (round-bone) chops, trimmed, boned, cut into 1-inch pieces; 2 tablespoons vegetable oil; 5 cups chopped onions; 2 teaspoons minced peeled fresh ginger; 1 cup water; 2/3 cup dried apricots, quartered; 1 teaspoon white wine vinegar; 1 teaspoon sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: Mix first 4 ingredients in large bowl. Add lamb and toss to coat. Heat vegetable oil in heavy large pot over medium-high heat. Add chopped onions and sauté until tender and golden, about 10 minutes. Add lamb and sprinkle with salt. Sauté until brown, about 5 minutes. Add minced ginger and stir 1 minute. Add 1 cup water and bring to boil. Reduce heat, cover and simmer until lamb is tender, stirring occasionally, about 1 hour. Add apricots to pot and simmer uncovered until liquid is slightly thickened and reduced, about 10 minutes. Stir in vinegar and sugar. Season to taste with salt. Divide ste <END>
INPUT: clover, gin, grenadine, lime juice, egg, ice cubes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Clover Leaf | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 ounces gin; 1/2 ounce grenadine; 2 tablespoons lime juice; 1 egg white; 3 or 4 ice cubes; Mint leaf | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine all ingredients except mint leaf in a cocktail shaker and shake vigorously. Strain into a cocktail glass. Float the leaf on top of the drink. Combine all ingredients except mint leaf in a cocktail shaker and shake vigorously. Strain into a cocktail glass. Float the leaf on top of the drink. <END>
INPUT: light molasses, bourbon, vanilla ice cream
OUTPUT: TITLE: Bourbon Molasses Ice Cream | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons light molasses; 1 tablespoon bourbon; 1 pint vanilla ice cream, slightly softened | INSTRUCTIONS: Stir molasses and bourbon into slightly softened vanilla ice cream. Freeze ice cream until firm. Stir molasses and bourbon into slightly softened vanilla ice cream. Freeze ice cream until firm. <END>
INPUT: Asian, peanut oil, Canola oil, seedless cucumber, rice vinegar, ginger
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pan Seared Wild Rockfish and Soft Shell Crab Tempura with Ginger and Yuzu Glaze, Cucumber and Toaste | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1 quart peanut oil, for frying; Canola oil, as needed; 1 seedless cucumber, thinly sliced; 1/2 tablespoon rice vinegar; 1 teaspoon finely chopped ginger; 1/2 cup heavy cream; 1 lime, about 2 tablespoons; 8 ounces jumbo lump crabmeat, picked over; Kosher salt; 1/2 cup all-purpose flour; 6 (5-ounce) wild rockfish fillets, skin on; 6 soft shell crabs, cleaned; Tempura Batter, recipe follows; Yuzu Glaze, recipe follows; Nori Flakes, recipe follows | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F. In a deep saucepan, heat canola oil to 375 degrees F. In a medium bowl, toss cucumbers with rice vinegar, set aside. In a small saucepan over medium heat, combine about 1 tablespoon canola oil and the ginger. Cook until fragrant, about 1 minute. Add heavy cream and lime juice, boil until reduced by half. Fold in crabmeat, season mixture with salt, set aside. Place flour on a plate. Season the rockfish with salt and lightly dredge in flour, shaking off the excess. In a large skillet over medium-high heat, heat about 1 tablespoon canola oil. Add rockfish, skin side <END>
INPUT: Mexican, barbecued, vegetable oil, onion, garlic, chili powder, cumin
OUTPUT: TITLE: Barbecued Ribs | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup vegetable oil; 1 small red onion, diced (1 cup); 2 cloves garlic, minced; 2 teaspoons chili powder; 1 teaspoon ground cumin; 1/2 teaspoon red pepper flakes; 1 teaspoon lime zest; 1 tablespoon finely grated ginger; 1/3 cup cider vinegar; 1/2 cup tomato paste; 1/2 cup honey; 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard; 1/3 cup soy sauce; 1/4 cup fresh orange juice; 4 racks country ribs (8 to 10 pounds) | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Heat the vegetable oil in a large saucepan over medium-low heat, and saute the onions and garlic for 5 to 7 minutes, until the onions are translucent but not browned. Add the chili powder, ground cumin and red pepper flakes and continue cooking for 1 minute. Add the zest and ginger and cook for an additional minute. Add the vinegar, tomato paste, honey, mustard, soy sauce and orange juice and simmer uncovered on low heat for 15 minutes, until thick. Marinate the ribs in 2/3 of the barbecue sauce for a few hours or overnight in the refrigerator. Prepare a grill wi <END>
INPUT: Brussels sprouts, olive oil, garlic, mustard, smoked paprika
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Brussels Sprouts | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound Brussels sprouts, as uniform in size as possible (See Cook's Note); 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1 tablespoon minced garlic; 1 teaspoon dry mustard; 1 teaspoon smoked paprika; 1 teaspoon kosher salt; 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Heat a grill to medium. Cut off the stem end of the Brussels sprouts and remove any yellowing outer leaves. Place the Brussels sprouts into a large, microwave safe mixing bowl and heat in the microwave on high for 3 minutes. Add the olive oil, garlic, mustard, paprika and salt and toss to combine. Allow the sprouts to cool until you can handle them. Skewer 4 to 5 Brussels sprouts onto each metal skewer with the stem ends facing in the same direction, leaving at least 1/2-inch in between each sprout. Place the skewers onto the grill with stem end closest to the fl <END>
INPUT: mexican, scoops coffee beans, scoop, cinnamon eyeball it, jiggers, canister whipped cream
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mexican Coffee | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 scoops of ground coffee beans, Columbian or other variety - a coffee scoop is equivalent to a rounded tablespoon; 1 scoop (rounded tablespoon) cocoa powder; 1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon - eyeball it, plus a sprinkle for garnish; 4 jiggers (1 ounce shots) coffee liqueur (recommended: Kahlua); 1 canister whipped cream with spray top | INSTRUCTIONS: Place coffee, cocoa and cinnamon in a filter for coffee brewing. Make 4 cups of brewed mocha-cinnamon coffee. Pour a shot of coffee liquor in the bottom of a coffee mug. Pour in a serving of brewed mocha-cinnamon Mexican coffee. Top off the mug with a generous swirl of whipped cream and garnish with another sprinkle of cinnamon. Repeat for desired number of mugfuls! <END>
INPUT: scones, Soda Bread dough, herbs, unbleached flour, salt, baking soda
OUTPUT: TITLE: White Soda Bread or Scones with Herbs | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 recipe White Soda Bread dough, recipe follows; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh herbs, e.g. rosemary or sage, thyme, chives, parsley; 1 pound white unbleached flour; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/2 teaspoon baking soda; 12 to 14 ounces buttermilk | INSTRUCTIONS: Add fresh herbs to dry ingredients of white soda bread dough and proceed making dough as above. Shape into loaf or scones and bake as for soda bread. If making scones bake for 20 minutes in a 450 degree oven. Preheat oven to 450 degrees. In a mixing bowl sift together 1 pound flour, 1/2 teaspoon salt and 1/2 teaspoon baking soda. Make a well in the center. Pour most of the milk into the well. Using one hand, mix in the flour from sides of the bowl, adding more milk if necessary. The dough should be softish, not too wet and sticky. When it all comes together, turn the dough onto a well-floured  <END>
INPUT: American, gazpacho, ice cubes, blanched almonds, garlic, sandwich bread
OUTPUT: TITLE: Watermelon Gazpacho | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 (4-lb) piece watermelon, rind discarded and flesh cut into large chunks (7 cups); 1 1/2 cups ice cubes; 3/4 cup whole blanched almonds; 3 garlic cloves, coarsely chopped; 8 slices firm white sandwich bread, crusts discarded and bread torn into pieces; 2 tablespoons red-wine vinegar; 2 teaspoons kosher salt; 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Seed 1 cup watermelon chunks and cut into small dice. Purée remaining watermelon in a blender (in batches if necessary). Pour purée through a sieve into a bowl, pressing on solids, and discard seeds. Return juice to blender and blend together with ice, almonds, and garlic (in batches if necessary) until smooth. Add bread, vinegar, salt, and pepper to taste and blend, adding oil in a slow stream, until smooth. Top with diced watermelon. Seed 1 cup watermelon chunks and cut into small dice. Purée remaining watermelon in a blender (in batches if necessary). Pour purée through a sieve into a bowl, <END>
INPUT: Italian, quiche, unbleached all purpose, salt, butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Yellow Squash and Mozzarella Quiche with Fresh Thyme | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/4 cups unbleached all purpose flour; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/2 cup (1 stick) chilled unsalted butter, cut into 1/2-inch cubes; 4 tablespoons (or more) ice water; 1 tablespoon butter; 12 ounces yellow crookneck squash, cut into 1/4-inch-thick rounds; 2 teaspoons chopped fresh thyme; 6 large eggs; 1 cup whipping cream; 3/4 teaspoon salt; 1/4 teaspoon ground black pepper; 1/4 teaspoon hot pepper sauce; 3/4 cup (packed) coarsely grated mozzarella cheese (about 3 ounces) | INSTRUCTIONS: For crust: Blend flour and salt in processor. Add butter. Using on/off turns, blend until coarse meal forms. Add 4 tablespoons ice water. Using on/off turns, blend until dough comes together in moist clumps, adding more ice water by teaspoonfuls if dough is dry. Gather dough into ball; flatten into disk. Wrap and chill at least 1 hour and up to 1 day. Preheat oven to 375°F. Roll out dough on floured surface to 14 1/2-inch round. Transfer to 10-inch-diameter tart pan with removable bottom. Fold overhang in; press to form double-thick sides. Push sides up until 1/4 inch higher than top edge of p <END>
INPUT: Mexican, hibiscus flowers, agave syrup, zest juice lime
OUTPUT: TITLE: Hibiscus-Lime Tea | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 cup dried hibiscus flowers; 1/2 cup agave syrup; Grated zest and juice of 1 lime, plus lime slices for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring 4 cups of water to a boil in a medium saucepan. Add the hibiscus flowers, agave syrup and lime zest and let steep 7 to 10 minutes. Strain through a sieve into a pitcher, discarding the solids. Add the lime juice, 2 cups cold water and 2 cups ice. Serve over ice and garnish with lime. <END>
INPUT: mofongo, plantains, cool water, sea salt, Oil, swordfish
OUTPUT: TITLE: Swordfish Mofongo | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 5 to 6 green plantains, peeled and cut into 1/2-inch chunks; 6 cups cool water; 2 tablespoons sea salt; Oil, for frying; 3 to 4 pounds fresh swordfish, sliced into 1/2-inch portions (about 2 per person, 3 to 4 ounces each); 1 cup all-purpose flour, or more as needed; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 tablespoons butter; 1/4 pound bacon or fatback, chopped; 1 cup boiled potatoes; 1 teaspoon powdered ginger; 1 tablespoon chopped garlic; 1/4 cup chopped chives; Fresh fruit, for serving; Light seafood broth, as needed, for serving, optional | INSTRUCTIONS: Blend 6 cups cool water with 2 tablespoons salt, in a large bowl. Add the plantains and let soak for 1 hour. In a deep-fryer or heavy-bottomed pot, heat enough oil to come halfway up the sides of the pot, to 375 degrees F. Remove the plantains from water, rinse and pat dry with paper towels. Add them to the hot oil, in batches, and fry until golden brown. Remove them from the oil to paper towels to drain. In a large bowl add the flour and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Dredge the swordfish in seasoned flour, tapping off the excess. In a saute pan over medium-high heat, add 2 tablespoon <END>
INPUT: vegetable oil, chicken breast halves, kosher salt, pepper, unsalted butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken with Leeks, Watercress and Radish | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons vegetable oil; 4 bone-in chicken breast halves, with skin (about 2 1/2 to 3 pounds); 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt, plus additional for seasoning; Freshly ground black pepper; 4 tablespoons unsalted butter; 2 leeks (white and light green parts), halved lengthwise, sliced crosswise, and rinsed; 4 radishes, thinly sliced into rounds; 1/4 cup dry white vermouth; 1/3 cup heavy cream; 1 bunch watercress, stems trimmed (reserve a few sprigs for garnish), roughly chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: Game Plan: Slice and clean the leeks (see Cook's Note) while pan-searing the chicken. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Heat a large skillet over medium-high heat; add the oil. Pat the chicken dry and season with some salt and pepper to taste. Lay the chicken skin side down in the skillet and cook undisturbed until the skin is golden and crispy, about 4 minutes. Add a nut-size bit of the butter to the skillet, and when the butter smells fragrant, turn the chicken and cook until opaque, about 4 minutes more. Put the chicken in a baking dish or roasting pan and bake just until firm to the touch <END>
INPUT: spice, granita, Bosc pears, unsweetened grape juice, ruby Port, sugar, cardamom pods
OUTPUT: TITLE: Port-and-Spice Poached Pears with Granita | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 firm-ripe Bosc pears; 2 cups unsweetened white grape juice; 2 cups ruby Port; 1/4 cup sugar; 6 green or white cardamom pods, smashed; 1 (1-inch) piece cinnamon stick; 2 whole cloves; 1 1/4 cups water; 3 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 2/3 cup créme fraîche, well stirred; Special equipment: parchment paper | INSTRUCTIONS: Peel pears, leaving stems intact. Cut a round of parchment paper to fit inside a wide 4-quart heavy pot. Bring grape juice, Port, sugar, spices, and 1 cup water to a boil in pot over moderate heat, stirring until sugar is dissolved. Add pears, arranging them on their sides in 1 layer (pears will not be covered by liquid). Cover pears directly with round of parchment. Reduce heat to low and poach pears, turning occasionally, until just tender when pierced with a sharp knife, about 25 minutes. Remove from heat and let pears steep in liquid, covered with parchment, turning occasionally, at least  <END>
INPUT: American, green, herbs, water, salt, peas, wine vinegar, shallot
OUTPUT: TITLE: Green Peas with Cheese and Herbs | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 3 quarts water; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1 pound fresh or frozen peas, approximately 3 cups; 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar; 1 tablespoon minced shallot; 1 teaspoon kosher salt; 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 3 tablespoons olive oil; 2 teaspoons chopped fresh mint leaves; 2 teaspoons chopped fresh parsley leaves; 4 ounces cheese (ricotta salata, fontina or Swiss), cut into 1/4-inch cubes | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. In a large covered saucepan over high heat, bring the water and 1/2 teaspoon of salt to a boil. Add the peas and cook 1 minute for frozen and 3 to 3 1/2 minutes for fresh. Remove from heat, drain in a colander and immediately plunge the peas into ice cold water to stop the cooking. Drain and set aside. In a medium mixing bowl whisk together the red wine vinegar, shallot, salt and pepper. Slowly drizzle in the olive oil while continuing to whisk. Add the peas, mint, parsley and cheese and stir to combine. Cover and allow to sit in refrigerator for 15 to 20 minutes <END>
INPUT: Italian, Kosher salt, unsalted butter, bacon, shallots, wine
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spaghetti With Mussels and Bacon | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: Kosher salt; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 4 slices bacon, diced; 2 shallots, chopped; 1 cup dry white wine; 1/4 teaspoon red pepper flakes; 1 28-ounce can whole San Marzano tomatoes; 12 ounces spaghetti or bucatini; 1/4 cup fresh parsley; 1 large clove garlic, smashed; 2 pounds mussels, scrubbed and debearded | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Meanwhile, heat the butter in a Dutch oven or deep skillet over medium-high heat. Add the bacon and shallots and cook until the bacon starts to brown, about 5 minutes. Add the wine and red pepper flakes, increase the heat to high and cook until slightly reduced, about 2 minutes. Add the tomatoes, crushing them with your hands, and cook until reduced by half, about 10 minutes. Add the pasta to the boiling water and cook as the label directs; drain. Pile the parsley, garlic and 1 teaspoon salt on a cutting board and use a large knife to mince and mash <END>
INPUT: clusters, assorted roasted nuts
OUTPUT: TITLE: Nut Clusters | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1-ounce (30 grams) corn syrup; 2.5 ounces (70 grams) sugar; 1-ounce (30 grams) water; 2 pounds assorted whole roasted nuts, unsalted; 1-ounce (30 grams) butter; 1-ounce (30 grams) cocoa butter; 7.4 ounces (210 grams) sugar; 4 ounces (120 grams) corn syrup; 3 ounces (90 grams) Caramel Mou; 10.5 ounces (302 grams) cream; 1 vanilla bean; 1-ounce (30 grams) butter; 1/2 tablespoon (6 grams) salt; 1/2 tablespoon (6 grams) lemon juice; 16 ounces bittersweet chocolate, tempered | INSTRUCTIONS: Prepare the caramel mou: Place the corn syrup, sugar and just enough water to melt the sugar into a saucepan and place on high heat. Cook until the sugar is very dark brown and begins to burn. You will see white smoke. Remove from the heat and add the 1-ounce of water. Allow this to cool slightly. Place the roasted nuts on a silpat baking mat lined baking sheet. Place the butter and cocoa butter in a large heat-proof mixing bowl. Prepare the caramel: Place the sugar, corn syrup, Caramel Mou, cream, vanilla bean, butter, salt, and lemon juice in a saucepan placed over high heat. Insert a candy  <END>
INPUT: American, york, strip, bacon drippings, Vidalia onions, garlic, jalapeno chile, wine
OUTPUT: TITLE: New York Strip with Blue Cheese, Vidalia Onion Jam and Warm Potato Salad with Mustard Vinaigrette | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons bacon drippings; 3 Vidalia onions, peeled, halved, sliced 1/4-inch thick; 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped; 1 jalapeno chile, finely diced; 1/2 cup red wine; 1/4 cup red wine vinegar; 2 tablespoons creme de cassis; 2 tablespoons grenadine; Honey, to taste; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1/4 cup chopped fresh flat-leaf parsley; 2 1/2 pounds red new potatoes; 1/2 pound slab bacon, cut into lardons and cooked until golden brown and crisp, 2 tablespoons drippings reserved; 1/4 cup red wine vinegar; 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. For the onion jam: Heat grill to high. Heat a cast iron skillet until hot, but not smoking. Add the drippings, heat, and then the onions, garlic, jalapeno, wine, vinegar, cassis, grenadine and salt and pepper and cook, stirring occasionally, until the liquid mixture is thickened and jam-like, about 20 minutes. Taste and season with honey, salt and pepper. Stir in the parsley, transfer to a bowl and let cool to room temperature. For the vinaigrette: Put the potatoes in a large saucepan, cover with cold water and season with 1 tablespoon kosher salt. Bring to a boi <END>
INPUT: pound, sifted cake flour, salt, nutmeg more, butter, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Classic Pound Cake | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 1/2 cups sifted cake flour; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 1/8 teaspoon nutmeg or more; 1 cup butter (no substitute), softened to room temperature; 1 cup sugar; 5 eggs, separated; 1 teaspoon vanilla or orange extract or 1 tablespoon finely grated lemon rind | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Line bottom of a 9 by 5 by 3 loaf pan with waxed paper; grease paper well, also sides of pan. Sift flour, salt and nutmeg together and set aside. Cream butter until light, then add sugar slowly, creaming until fluffy. Beat egg yolks until thick and light, then add to butter mixture, a little at a time, beating well after each addition. Blend flour in gradually, then mix in vanilla and beat just until smooth. Beat egg whites until soft peaks form and fold gently into batter. Spoon into pan and bake 65-70 minutes until cake pulls slightly from sides of pan. Cool upri <END>
INPUT: triangles, pita bread, Good olive oil, Kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Toasted Pita Triangles | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 bag pita bread; Good olive oil; Kosher salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Cut each pita in half and then each half in triangles and place them in a single layer on a sheet pan. Drizzle with olive oil and sprinkle generously with salt. Bake for 10 minutes. <END>
INPUT: brittle, salted roasted peanuts, shelled pistachios, pecan halves, sugar, unsalted butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Nut Brittle | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup salted dry roasted peanuts; 1 cup shelled pistachios; 1 cup pecan halves; 1 cup sugar; 1 cup unsalted butter (2 sticks), cut into chunks; 1/3 cup light corn syrup; 2 teaspoons honey | INSTRUCTIONS: Put the nuts, sugar, butter, corn syrup, and honey in a saucepan over medium-high heat. Stir constantly with a wooden spoon until it becomes a nice walnut color and thickens, about 10 to 12 minutes. Quickly pour onto a silpat or foil lined baking sheet and spread the brittle to an even thickness of about 1/3-inch with the back of the spoon. Cool for 3 or 4 minutes then score the brittle with a sharp knife into about 24 (2-inch) squares. Once the brittle has cooled completely, snap along scored marks. <END>
INPUT: American, veggies, sour cream, mayonnaise, crumbled cheese, Hot pepper sauce, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Blue Cheese Dip for Veggies | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup sour cream; 2 tablespoons mayonnaise; 4 ounces crumbled blue cheese; Hot pepper sauce; Fresh pepper; 2 tablespoons fresh parsley, chopped; 1/2 lemon, juiced; 1 scallion, sliced | INSTRUCTIONS: In medium bowl combine sour cream and mayonnaise. Stir in blue cheese. Squeeze in lemon juice. Add a dash of hot pepper sauce and pepper. Add parsley and scallions. Stir to combine and serve. <END>
INPUT: chocolate, boiling hot water, unsweetened cocoa powder, milk, vanilla, all purpose flour
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate Cake with Vanilla Buttercream | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup boiling-hot water; 3/4 cup unsweetened cocoa powder; 1/2 cup whole milk; 1 teaspoon vanilla; 2 cups all-purpose flour; 1 1/2 teaspoons baking soda; Rounded 1/2 teaspoon salt; 2 sticks (1 cup) unsalted butter, softened; 2 cups packed dark brown sugar; 4 large eggs at room temperature for 30 minutes; 4 cups vanilla buttercream; Various food colorings*; Special equipment: a metal offset spatula; several small sealable plastic bags (not pleated); Garnish: vanilla mini cupcakes | INSTRUCTIONS: Make cake layers: Put oven rack in middle position and preheat oven to 350°F. Butter 2 (9- by 2-inch) round cake pans and line bottom of each with a round of wax paper. Butter paper and dust pans with flour, knocking out excess. Whisk together hot water and cocoa powder in a bowl until smooth, then whisk in milk and vanilla. Whisk together flour, baking soda, and salt in another bowl. Beat together butter and brown sugar in a large bowl with an electric mixer at medium-high speed until pale and fluffy, 3 to 5 minutes. Add eggs 1 at a time, beating well after each addition. Reduce speed to low  <END>
INPUT: crusted, sauce, caraway seeds, fennel seeds, Salt pepper, olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Caraway and Fennel Crusted Loin of Lamb with Mustard Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons caraway seeds; 3 tablespoons fennel seeds; 1 (2 pound) lamb loin; Salt and freshly ground pepper; 3 tablespoons olive oil; 2 shallots, finely sliced; 1 cup dry red wine; 3 cups chicken stock; 2 tablespoons whole grain mustard; 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard; 2 tablespoons thinly sliced fresh mint; Braised Napa Cabbage with Red Wine Vinegar and Mint, recipe follows; Yukon Gold Mashed Potatoes with Green Garlic Butter, recipe follows; 2 pounds Napa cabbage, thinly sliced; 1 cup red wine vinegar | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. Place the seeds in a coffee grinder and grind to a powder. Place the mixture on a plate. Season the loin with salt and pepper to taste and dredge on all sides with the spice mixture. Heat the oil in a medium skillet over high heat until almost smoking. Sear the lamb on all sides until golden brown. Transfer the lamb to the oven and roast for 8 to 10 minutes for medium-rare doneness. Remove and let rest. Place the skillet on top of the stove over high heat. Remove all but 2 tablespoons of the fat. Add the shallots and cook until soft. Add the wine and cook until r <END>
INPUT: cookies, sugar, butter, egg, vanilla, sifted cake flour
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pecan Cookies | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup brown sugar; 1/2 cup butter; 1 egg; 1/2 teaspoon vanilla; 1 cup sifted cake flour; 1/2 cup broken pecan nut meats | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Cream together sugar and butter. Stir in 1 egg and add other ingredients. Drop from a teaspoon onto parchment-lined cookie sheets at least 3 inches apart. Bake for 8 to 10 minutes. Cookies will spread, will be thin and subject to sticking. Remove carefully while still a little warm. <END>
INPUT: burgers, gravy, turkey, Worcestershire sauce, Dijon mustard, olive oil, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Turkey Burgers with Mushroom Gravy | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 pound ground turkey; 2 teaspoons Worcestershire sauce; 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard; 3 teaspoons olive oil; 1 small onion, chopped; 1/2 pound mushrooms, sliced; 1/4 teaspoon crumbled dried sage; 3/4 cup chicken broth; 2 teaspoons all-purpose flour; cranberry sauce as an accompaniment | INSTRUCTIONS: In a bowl stir together turkey, Worcestershire sauce, and mustard and form into two 3/4-inch-thick burgers. Season burgers with salt and pepper. In a large heavy skillet heat 2 teaspoons oil over moderately high heat until hot but not smoking and sauté burgers until cooked through, about 6 minutes on each side. Transfer burgers to a plate. To skillet add onion and remaining teaspoon oil and cook over moderate heat, stirring, 3 minutes. Add mushrooms and sage and cook, stirring, until liquid mushrooms give off is evaporated. In a small bowl whisk together broth and flour until flour is dissolve <END>
INPUT: Mexican, oil, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Jamaican Ham and Bean | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon oil; 1/3 cup frozen chopped onion; 2 (16-oz.) cans Old El Paso® Vegetarian Refried Beans; 1 (11-oz.) can Green Giant Mexicorn Whole Kernel Corn, Red and Green Peppers; 1 (11-oz.) can Green Giant White Shoepeg Corn; 1 (4.5-oz.) can Old El Paso® Chopped Green Chiles; 1/2 cup Old El Paso® Thick 'n Chunky Salsa; 1 (14-oz.) can chicken broth; 1 teaspoon Jamaican jerk seasoning; 1 lb. cooked lean ham, cut into 1/2-inch pieces; 1 (2 1/4-oz.) can sliced ripe olives, drained; 1/3 cup lime juice; 6 tablespoons sour cream; 6 lime slices | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat oil in large saucepan over medium heat until hot. Add onion; cook and stir 3 to 4 minutes or until tender. Add refried beans, whole kernel corn, shoepeg corn, chiles, salsa, broth and jerk seasoning; mix well. Bring to a boil. Reduce heat to low; simmer 5 minutes, stirring occasionally. Add ham, olives and lime juice; mix well. Cook 3 to 4 minutes or until thoroughly heated, stirring occasionally. To serve, ladle soup into individual bowls. Top each serving with 1 tablespoon sour cream and lime slice. <END>
INPUT: American, blue, wine, Port, sugar, peppercorns
OUTPUT: TITLE: Port and Blue Cheese | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cups dry red wine; 1 1/2 cups Port; 1/2 cup sugar; 1/2 teaspoon black peppercorns; 1/4 teaspoon whole cloves; 1 cinnamon stick; Zest from 1/3 - 1/2 lemon; 4 pears, stem on, peeled and cored with a melon baller; 4-6 ounces Gorgonzola cheese, at room temperature; 4 mint sprigs | INSTRUCTIONS: In a deep saucepan combine the wine, Port, sugar, peppercorns, cloves, cinnamon, and lemon zest. Bring to a boil and simmer for 5 minutes, or until the sugar is melted. Simmer the pears for 10 to 20 minutes, or until they are fork tender. Remove the pears and boil the poaching liquid until it has reduced to a syrupy glaze. Stuff the pears with the cheese. Pour 3 tablespoons of glaze on each plate and tilt the plate to form an abstract design. Place one pear, stem end up, on each plate. Garnish with mint sprigs. Suggested drink: Port <END>
INPUT: Italian, Mission figs, Canola oil, ricotta cheese, molasses, chocolate
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Figs with Ricotta and Molasses or Melted Chocolate | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 10 Mission figs, stemmed and cut in 1/2; Canola oil; 1/4 cup fresh ricotta cheese; 1 to 2 tablespoons molasses; 1/4 cup melted chocolate; Chopped mint leaves, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat a grill to medium-high. Skewer figs, leaving enough room in between, and brush lightly with canola oil. Place figs, cut side down, on grill and cook until brown, about 2 minutes. Remove from heat and arrange on a serving platter. Drizzle half the figs with the ricotta and molasses and half with the melted chocolate. Garnish with mint. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, chipotle chile adobo, adobo sauce, Worcestershire sauce, mayonnaise
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chipotle Mayonnaise | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 canned chipotle chile in adobo sauce; 1/2 teaspoon adobo sauce; 2 teaspoons Worcestershire sauce; 1 cup mayonnaise | INSTRUCTIONS: Mince chipotle chile to a paste with 1/2 teaspoon of adobo sauce. In a bowl stir all ingredients together until combined well. Sauce may be made 1 week ahead and chilled, covered.; <END>
INPUT: lemonade, lemon juice, Simple Syrup, vanilla bean paste, ice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Vanilla Bean Lemonade | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup fresh lemon juice; 3/4 cup Simple Syrup, recipe follows; 2 tablespoons vanilla bean paste; 8 cups (2 quarts) cold sparkling water; Crushed ice; Fresh basil or mint leaves, for garnish; Lemon slices, for garnish; 3/4 cup sugar; 3/4 cup water | INSTRUCTIONS: Whisk together the lemon juice, Simple Syrup and vanilla bean paste in a large pitcher. If not serving immediately, refrigerate the pitcher. To serve, add the sparkling water to the pitcher and stir to combine. Pour the lemonade into individual glasses of crushed ice. Garnish with a sprig of fresh basil or mint and a lemon slice. In a small saucepan bring the sugar and water to a boil over medium heat, stirring until the sugar is dissolved. Remove from the heat and cool.; <END>
INPUT: American, walnuts, fregola Israeli couscous, Kosher salt, corn, olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Corn and Fregola with Grilled Halloumi Cheese | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup walnuts; 1 cup fregola or Israeli couscous; Kosher salt; 4 ears of corn, husked; 2 tablespoons plus 1/4 cup olive oil, divided; Freshly ground black pepper; 8 ounces Halloumi cheese, sliced lengthwise 3/4" thick; 3 scallions, thinly sliced; 1/2 cup coarsely chopped fresh parsley; 1/4 cup basil leaves; 1/4 cup mint leaves; 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 2 tablespoons (or more) white wine vinegar | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350°F. Toast walnuts on a rimmed baking sheet, tossing once, until golden brown, 8–10 minutes. Let cool, then coarsely chop. Cook fregola in a large pot of boiling salted water according to package directions. Drain (do not rinse) and spread out on a baking sheet to let cool. Prepare a grill for medium-high heat. Rub corn with 1 tablespoon oil; season with salt and pepper. Grill, turning occasionally, until lightly charred and tender, 8–10 minutes. Transfer to a platter and let cool. Meanwhile, brush cheese with 1 tablespoon oil and grill, turning once, until lightly charred in <END>
INPUT: pork tenderloin, butter, Golden Delicious apples, sugar, shallots
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pork with Apples, Calvados and Apple Cider | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound pork tenderloin, trimmed, cut into 1-inch-thick slices; 5 tablespoons butter; 4 medium Golden Delicious apples (about 1 1/2 pounds); peeled, cored, sliced 1/3 inch thick; 1 teaspoon sugar; 2 large shallots, chopped; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh thyme or 1 teaspoon dried; 1/4 cup Calvados or other apple brandy; 1 cup whipping cream; 1/4 cup apple cider | INSTRUCTIONS: Place pork slices between plastic wrap. Using mallet, pound pork slices to 1/4-inch thickness. (Can be prepared 4 hours ahead. Cover tightly and refrigerate.) Melt 2 tablespoons butter in heavy large skillet over medium-high heat. Add apples and sugar to skillet and sauté until golden brown, about 6 minutes. Set aside. Melt 2 tablespoons butter in another heavy large skillet over high heat. Season pork with salt and pepper. Add pork to skillet and sauté until just cooked through, about 2 minutes per side. Transfer to plate; keep warm. Melt 1 tablespoon butter in same skillet over medium heat.  <END>
INPUT: American, farmsandreg, grape tomatoes, sweet pickle relish, onion, spicy mustard, Morningstar Farms® Spicy
OUTPUT: TITLE: Morningstar Farmsandreg; Black Bean Burger with Tomato Relish | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 4 grape tomatoes, finely chopped; 1 tablespoon sweet pickle relish; 1 tablespoon finely chopped red onion; 1 teaspoon spicy brown mustard; 1 Morningstar Farms® Spicy Black Bean Veggie Burger; 1 whole wheat hamburger bun or hamburger bun, split and toasted (about 1 1/2 oz.); 1 lettuce leaf | INSTRUCTIONS: An easy tomato and sweet pickle relish tops this black bean burger. 1. In small bowl stir together tomato, relish, onion, and mustard. 2. Cook veggie burger according to package directions. 3. Top bun bottom with lettuce, burger, tomato mixture and bun top. <END>
INPUT: vinaigrette, tomato, shallot, wine vinegar, sugar, olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tomato Vinaigrette | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 large tomato; 1/2 chopped small shallot; 1 tablespoon white wine vinegar; A pinch of sugar; 1/4 cup olive oil; Salt and pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Coarsely grate 1 large tomato. Mix with 1/2 chopped small shallot, 1 tablespoon white wine vinegar, and a pinch of sugar, then add 1/4 cup olive oil; season with salt and pepper. Coarsely grate 1 large tomato. Mix with 1/2 chopped small shallot, 1 tablespoon white wine vinegar, and a pinch of sugar, then add 1/4 cup olive oil; season with salt and pepper. <END>
INPUT: American, disco, unsalted butter, ham, all purpose flour, chicken stock, paprika
OUTPUT: TITLE: Disco Tots | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, plus 2 tablespoons; 1 pound ham, cut into matchsticks; 1/4 cup all-purpose flour; 4 cups chicken stock; 1 teaspoon paprika; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 pound tater tots, fried; 8 ounces purple pearl onions, peeled; 1 cup fresh mozzarella, pulled into 1/2-inch pieces; 2 cups shredded pepper jack cheese; 1/2 cup banana pepper rings | INSTRUCTIONS: Add the 4 tablespoons butter to a large heavy-bottomed saucepot over medium-high heat. In batches, fry the ham until crisp, 8 to 10 minutes. Drain on paper towels. Reduce the heat to medium-low and add half of the fried ham back to pot; reserve the remainder for garnish. Whisk in the flour and cook for 4 to 5 minutes to create a medium-dark roux. Slowly whisk in the chicken stock, bring to a low simmer and cook until the gravy has thickened, 5 minutes. Season with the paprika and 1 teaspoon salt and pepper. Heat the remaining 2 tablespoons butter in a large skillet over medium heat. Add the pe <END>
INPUT: American, casserole, PAM® Original No, Egg Beaters® Original, garlic powder, cubed rye bread
OUTPUT: TITLE: Canadian Bacon and Rye Casserole | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: PAM® Original No-Stick Cooking Spray; 1-1/2 cups Egg Beaters® Original (1-1/2 cups = 12 oz); 1 can (12 oz each) fat free evaporated milk; 1/2 teaspoon garlic powder; 4 cups cubed rye bread (3/4-inch cubes); 3/4 cup chopped Canadian-style bacon; 3/4 cup chopped roasted red peppers; 1/2 cup shredded reduced fat Cheddar cheese; 1/2 cup chopped green onions; Gulden's® Spicy Brown Mustard, optional | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Spray 8x8-inch glass baking dish with cooking spray; set aside. Combine Egg Beaters, milk and garlic powder in large bowl. Add bread, Canadian bacon, peppers, cheese and green onions; toss to coat. Place bread mixture in prepared dish; lightly press bread down into Egg Beaters mixture. Bake 55 to 60 minutes or until knife inserted in center comes out clean. Serve with mustard, if desired. <END>
INPUT: baby eggplant, milk, all purpose flour, chickpea flour, egg
OUTPUT: TITLE: Crispy Eggplant with Herbed Yogurt Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound baby eggplant, sliced in 1/2-inch rounds (substitution: Japanese eggplant); 3 cups whole milk; 1 cup all-purpose flour; 1 cup chickpea flour; 1 egg, lightly beaten; 1 tablespoon dry yeast, bloomed in 1/2 cup of warm water; 1 pinch saffron, bloomed in 1 quart water; 6 cups canola oil; Herbed Yogurt Sauce, recipe follows; 1 cup whole milk yogurt; 1 lemon, zested; 1/2 clove garlic, grated; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh mint leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: Add eggplant slices to a large bowl and cover with milk. In a large bowl, combine all-purpose flour and chickpea flour. In the center of the flour mixture, make a well and add the egg. Slowly pour in the bloomed yeast and saffron water while mixing with a wooden spoon to make a loose batter. Whisk to remove clumps and cover with plastic wrap. Set aside in a warm area for 45 minutes, or until the batter has risen in size. Heat the oil to 475 degrees F. Dip the eggplant, 1 slice at a time, in the batter and carefully add to the hot oil. Fry until the batter turns golden and begins to puff up. Re <END>
INPUT: pudding, Tastykake Butterscotch Krimpets, bread, eggs, granulated sugar, heavy cream
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tastykake Bread Pudding | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 24 Tastykake Butterscotch Krimpets (12 packs); 8 slices white bread, cut into 1/2-inch cubes; 10 extra-large eggs, plus 5 egg yolks; 1 cup granulated sugar; 1 quart heavy cream; 1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract; 1 1/2 cups packed light brown sugar; 1 stick unsalted butter; 1/4 cup scotch (optional); 1/2 cup heavy cream; 2 teaspoons vanilla extract; 2 cups confectioners' sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: Make the bread pudding: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Scrape the icing off the Krimpets; reserve the icing. Cut each Krimpet into eighths and toss with the bread cubes in a large bowl. Whisk the eggs, egg yolks and granulated sugar in a bowl. Bring the heavy cream to a gentle simmer in a saucepan over medium heat. Slowly whisk the warm cream into the egg mixture until combined, whisking constantly. Add the vanilla and reserved Krimpet icing and whisk until smooth. Pour the egg mixture over the bread mixture and gently stir to coat. Transfer to a 9-by-13-inch baking dish; bake until a toot <END>
INPUT: brown, all purpose flour, Salt pepper, unsalted butter, canola peanut oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Brown Butter-Sauteed Tilapia with Pistachios | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup all-purpose flour; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 4 (3-ounce) tilapia fillets; 3 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1 tablespoon canola or peanut oil; 1 tablespoon freshly squeezed lemon juice; 4 thin slices lemon, for garnish; 3 tablespoons roasted, salted shelled pistachios, roughly chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: Place flour in a shallow dish or resealable plastic bag and season with salt and pepper. Dredge fillets in flour mixture or add to bag, close, and shake to coat. Place 1 tablespoon of the butter and oil in a large frying pan over medium heat. When it foams, lower heat to medium-low. Shake excess flour off 2 of the fillets, add to pan, and cook until golden brown and crisp, about 2 minutes per side. Remove fillets to a plate and repeat with remaining fillets. Add remaining 1 tablespoon butter and cook until it begins to brown. Immediately remove from heat, stir in lemon juice, and pour over fis <END>
INPUT: spring, bay leaves, lemon, artichokes, celery root, tomato
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spring Artichokes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 bay leaves; 1 lemon, halved; 2 large artichokes, stems trimmed, 1 inch cut off tops; 1 1 1/4-pound celery root, peeled, cut into 1/3-inch dice; 1 large tomato, seeded, chopped; 1 bunch fresh arugula (1/2 ounce), chopped; 1/4 pound thickly sliced prosciutto, chopped; 1 tablespoon plus 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard; 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 6 tablespoons olive oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring large pot of water to boil. Add bay leaves. Squeeze in juice from 1 lemon half; add lemon half and artichokes. Cover and simmer until leaves easily pull away from artichokes, about 45 minutes. Drain. Let artichokes cool. Bring medium pot of water to boil. Squeeze in juice of remaining lemon half. Add celery root and boil until tender, about 2 minutes. Drain. Transfer celery root to medium bowl. Add chopped tomato, arugula and prosciutto to celery root. Place Dijon mustard in small bowl. Gradually mix in 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, then 6 tablespoons olive oil. Season to taste with s <END>
INPUT: sauce, butter, prawns, vanilla bean, coconut milk, Salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Prawns with Vanilla Coconut Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon butter; 16 prawns (also called jumbo shrimp), peeled, deveined, tail on; 1 vanilla bean, split; 1/2 cup coconut milk, twisted from freshly grated coconut in a cheesecloth; Salt and ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: In a medium saute pan, melt the butter. Add the prawns and vanilla bean and let them saute for 2 minutes. Add the coconut milk and let it thicken. When the prawns are completely cooked, season with the salt and pepper and serve. <END>
INPUT: American, buffalo, unsalted butter, garlic, ancho chili powder, hot sauce, honey
OUTPUT: TITLE: Buffalo Style Grilled French Cut Chicken Breasts with Blue Cheese Sauce and Jicama and Watermelon Sa | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 stick unsalted butter; 2 cloves garlic, chopped; 8 teaspoons plus 2 tablespoons ancho chili powder; 1/2 cup hot sauce (recommended: Frank's); 2 tablespoons honey; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 4 French-cut chicken breasts; 2 tablespoons plus 2 teaspoons ground cumin (8 teaspoons); Canola oil; 1/2 cup heavy cream; 1/2 cup creme fraiche; 1/4 cup chopped parsley, plus some whole leaves for garnish; 1 cup crumbled blue cheese (recommended: Cabrales); Serving suggestion: Jicama and Watermelon Salad, recipe follows; 1/2 cup fresh orange juice, plus 1 teaspoon zest | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the grill to medium; make sure the grill is ready for cooking over indirect heat. Melt butter in medium saucepan over medium heat. Add the garlic and cook for 1 minute. Whisk in the 2 tablespoons ancho powder and heat for 10 seconds. Stir in hot sauce and honey and season with salt and pepper. Remove about 1/4 cup for garnish, and keep both portions warm. Season each side of the chicken breasts with 1 teaspoon each ancho powder, and cumin, and the salt and pepper. Drizzle canola oil over the both sides. Grill skin side down over medium heat, uncovered, un <END>
INPUT: blackberry, water, sugar, containers blackberries, plain nonfat yogurt, honey
OUTPUT: TITLE: Blackberry, Honey and Yogurt Pops | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2/3 cup water; 2/3 cup sugar; 3 6-ounce containers fresh blackberries (3 1/2 to 3 3/4 cups); 1 cup plain nonfat yogurt (preferably organic); 5 teaspoons honey; 4 teaspoons fresh lemon juice; 1 ice pop mold (preferably with cover) for 10 pops (each about 1/3- to 1/2-cup capacity); 10 ice pop sticks or lollipop sticks | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring 2/3 cup water and sugar to boil in small saucepan over medium-high heat, stirring until sugar dissolves. Transfer simple syrup to small bowl and chill until cold, about 1 hour. Place blackberries in processor; puree until smooth. Pour blackberry puree into strainer set over medium bowl. Using rubber spatula, press on solids to extract as much puree as possible. Discard seeds in strainer. Measure 2 cups blackberry puree and place in another medium bowl for pops (reserve any remaining puree for another use). Add chilled simple syrup, yogurt, honey, and lemon juice to puree; whisk to blend. <END>
INPUT: garlic, butter, virgin olive oil, loaf crusty bread, cheese
OUTPUT: TITLE: Garlic Bread | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 cloves garlic, crushed; 2 tablespoons butter; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1 loaf crusty bread, split; 3 tablespoons grated cheese, Parmigiano or Romano, optional; Chopped fresh parsley | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Combine garlic, butter, and oil in a microwave safe dish or in a small saucepan. Heat garlic and butter and oil in microwave for 1 minute or in a small pot over moderate-low heat for 3 minutes. Toast split bread under broiler. Remove bread when it is toasted golden brown in color. Brush bread liberally with garlic oil. Sprinkle with cheese, if using, and parsley. If you added cheese, return to broiler and brown 30 seconds. Cut into chunks and serve. <END>
INPUT: Italian, country, city, mashed potatoes, eggs, Coarse salt pepper, Parmesan, herbs parsley
OUTPUT: TITLE: Country Egg, City Egg Mashed-Potato Baked Eggs | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 3 cups mashed potatoes, heated through; 4 eggs; Coarse salt and cracked black pepper; 1/4 cup freshly grated Parmesan; 1/4 cup chopped fresh herbs such as parsley, chives, oregano, or thyme | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 450 degrees F. Divide the mashed potatoes into four individual baking dishes. Make a deep well in the center of the mashed potatoes. Crack an egg directly into each well. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Sprinkle 1/4 of the cheese over each egg. Bake for 12 to 15 minutes or until eggs are done to your likeness. Remove from oven, garnish with fresh herbs. Serve immediately. <END>
INPUT: sauce, sour cream, dill, onion, Dijon mustard, center salmon fillet
OUTPUT: TITLE: Baked Salmon with Mustard-Dill Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup sour cream; 1/3 cup chopped fresh dill; 3 tablespoons finely chopped onion; 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard; 1 1 1/2-pound center-cut salmon fillet with skin; 2 teaspoons minced garlic | INSTRUCTIONS: Whisk sour cream, dill, onion and mustard in small bowl to blend. Season sauce to taste with salt and pepper. Let stand at room temperature 1 hour. Preheat oven to 400°F. Lightly oil baking sheet. Place salmon, skin side down, on prepared sheet. Sprinkle with garlic, salt and pepper; spread with 1/3 cup sauce. Bake salmon until just opaque in center, about 20 minutes. Serve with remaining sauce. Whisk sour cream, dill, onion and mustard in small bowl to blend. Season sauce to taste with salt and pepper. Let stand at room temperature 1 hour. Preheat oven to 400°F. Lightly oil baking sheet. Plac <END>
INPUT: Italian, soup, olive oil, pancetta, onion, low salt chicken
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tomato Soup with Pancetta | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon olive oil; 3 ounces pancetta, chopped; 1 small onion, chopped; 3 (3/4-inch-thick) slices rustic rye bread (each about 5 3/4 by 3 3/4 inches), cubed; 6 cups canned low-salt chicken broth; 1 (28-ounce) can diced tomatoes with juices; 1/4 cup coarsely chopped fresh basil leaves; 1/2 teaspoon dried oregano; 1/4 teaspoon dried crushed red pepper flakes; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1/4 cup mascarpone cheese; 1/4 cup sour cream | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat the oil in a heavy large pot over medium heat. Add the pancetta and saute until crisp and golden, about 5 minutes. Add the onion and saute until tender, about 3 minutes. Add the bread and toss to coat with the pan drippings. Saute until the bread is crisp and golden, about 5 minutes. Add the broth, tomatoes, basil, oregano, and crushed red pepper. Bring the soup to a boil, then reduce the heat to medium-low. Cover and simmer until the flavors blend, about 10 minutes. Season soup with salt and pepper. Stir the mascarpone and sour cream in a small bowl to blend. Ladle the soup into bowls. S <END>
INPUT: gratin, salt, pepper, nutmeg, shallots, celery roots
OUTPUT: TITLE: Potato and Celery Root Gratin with Fontina Chee]se | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 teaspoon salt; 1/2 teaspoon pepper; 1/4 teaspoon ground nutmeg; 3/4 cup thinly sliced shallots; 2 1-pound celery roots, peeled, halved, thinly sliced; 2 pounds russet potatoes, peeled, thinly sliced; 2 cups whipping cream; 1 cup canned chicken broth; 8 ounces Fontina cheese, grated | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 400° F. Mix salt, pepper and nutmeg in small bowl. Sprinkle half of shallots in 16-cup oval gratin dish or 15x10x2-inch glass baking dish. Top with half of celery root and half of potatoes. Sprinkle half of spice mixture over. Repeat layering with remaining shallots, celery root, potatoes and spice mixture. Bring cream and broth to simmer in medium saucepan. Pour over vegetables. Cover tightly with foil. Bake until vegetables are almost tender, about 45 minutes. Increase oven temperature to 450° F. Press potatoes with spatula to even thickness. Bake uncovered until juices thick <END>
INPUT: sauce, Two, olive oil, so scallion, good wine, butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sauteed Tenderloin Steaks with Wine Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Two 1 1/4-inch thick (8 ounces weight) tenderloin steaks, top loin center cut; 1 tablespoon olive oil; Tablespoon or so finely sliced scallion; 1/2 cup good red wine; 1 tablespoon butter; Minced parsley or chopped chives; Salt and pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: Nonstick pan Trim steaks of excess fat and pat dry with towels; brush them lightly with some olive oil and lightly oil a nonstick pan. Saute steaks 1 1/2 minutes to 2 minutes a side for red rare; longer for medium. Remove steaks to a warm plate. Degrease most of the fat, leaving only a teaspoon in skillet. Add the scallions and stir for a moment. Pour in wine and scrape deglazings; boil down until syrupy. Remove from heat, add butter and parsley or chives if you wish; pour over steak <END>
INPUT: cranberry, cranberries, sugar, oranges, prosecco
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cranberry, Orange and Prosecco | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups/500 ml cranberries; 1 cup/250 ml sugar; 2 oranges; 1 bottle prosecco | INSTRUCTIONS: In a saucepan, cook the cranberries with the sugar until they render some juice, about 5 minutes. Let cool to room temperature. On a work surface, use a knife to cut the peel from the oranges. Cut between the membranes and divide into sections (supremes). When ready to serve, pour a spoonful of the cranberry mixture in a glass with a few orange supremes. Top with prosecco. <END>
INPUT: Asian, popcorn, unpopped corn kernels, sugar, vegetable oil, five spice powder, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sweet Sesame Five-Spice Popcorn | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup unpopped corn kernels; 1/4 cup sugar; 1/4 cup vegetable oil; 1 teaspoon five-spice powder; 1 teaspoon salt; 1 tablespoon toasted sesame seeds | INSTRUCTIONS: Place popcorn, sugar, oil, five spice powder and salt in a large kettle or pot with a tight fitting lid over medium heat. When corn begins to pop, shake the pot constantly. When popping slows, remove from heat, sprinkle with sesame seeds and transfer popped kettle corn to a bowl. <END>
INPUT: American, wrapped, Salt pepper, cheese crumbles, pecans, scallions
OUTPUT: TITLE: Bacon Wrapped Chicken with Blue Cheese and Pecans | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 4 pieces boneless, skinless chicken breast; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 cup blue cheese crumbles; 1/4 cup toasted pecans, chopped; 2 scallions, sliced on bias; 4 slices good-quality center cut bacon; 1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil; 2 tablespoons butter; 2 tablespoons all-purpose flour; 1 cup chicken stock; 1/2 cup half-and-half or cream; 2 tablespoons grainy mustard; Special equipment: toothpicks | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Heat the oven to 375 degrees F. Butterfly the chicken breast pieces by cutting across the breast but not all the way through. Open the breasts up and pound lightly between parchment paper. Peel paper away and season the meat with salt and pepper. Cover the seasoned chicken cutlets with blue cheese crumbles, pecans and scallions in equal amounts. Roll the chicken, wrap each roll with bacon and secure with toothpicks. Season the outside of the rolls with salt and pepper. Heat the olive oil in skillet over medium-high heat. Brown the chicken evenly all over, 5 to 6  <END>
INPUT: beef, chuck roast stew, all purpose flour, olive oil, onions
OUTPUT: TITLE: Braised Beef and Mushrooms in Cabernet Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 lbs. boneless chuck roast or stew meat, cut into 1-inch cubes; 1/4 cup all-purpose flour; 1 Tbsp. olive oil; 2 medium onions, cut into wedges; 1 package (10 oz.) mushrooms, quartered; 2 large carrots, sliced; 1 clove garlic, finely chopped; 1 jar Bertolli® Vineyard Premium Collections Fire Roasted Tomato with Cabernet Sauvignon Sauce; 1/2 cup water | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 375 degrees. Season beef, if desired, with salt and ground black pepper, then toss with flour in large bowl. Heat olive oil in 12-inch nonstick skillet over medium-high heat and brown beef, in two batches. Remove to 3-quart oven proof casserole. Cook onions and mushrooms in same skillet, stirring occasionally, 5 minutes or until tender. Add carrots and garlic and cook 30 seconds. Stir in remaining ingredients, scraping up brown bits from bottom of pan. Turn into casserole; toss with beef. Bake covered 2 hours or until beef is tender. Cost per recipe*: $14.76. Cost per serving*: <END>
INPUT: Asian, napa cabbage, salt, Canola oil cook, pork, ginger
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spicy Pork Tofu | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups chopped napa cabbage; 1/2 tablespoon salt; Canola oil to cook; 1/2 pound ground pork; 2 tablespoons minced ginger; 1 1/2 tablespoons minced garlic; 2 tablespoons thin soy sauce; 3 tablespoons sesame oil; 10 slices of tofu (2-inch by 1-inch) | INSTRUCTIONS: Sprinkle cabbage with the 1/2 tablespoon of salt and let stand for 30 minutes. Place the cabbage on a clean dish towel or cheese cloth and squeeze out any water. The dryer the cabbage, the better. In a hot wok that's been coated with canola oil add the ground pork. Stir-fry until nearly cooked through. Add ginger, garlic and salt; cook for another two minutes. Deglaze with soy sauce, add napa cabbage and sesame oil, continue cooking until the cabbage is wilted. Check seasoning. Plating: Spoon contents of wok over the tofu on a large serving platter, serve family style. <END>
INPUT: Asian, bowl, low sodium chicken, peas, carrot, sesame oil, soy sauce
OUTPUT: TITLE: Shrimp Noodle Bowl | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 8 cups low-sodium chicken stock; 2 cups frozen peas; 2 cups frozen carrot slices; 2 tablespoons toasted sesame oil; 2 tablespoons soy sauce; 2 tablespoons Szechuan stir-fry sauce (recommended: San-J); 10 ounces fresh yaki-soba or ramen noodles; 1 pound cooked medium shrimp | INSTRUCTIONS: To a large pot over medium-high heat, add all ingredients except noodles and shrimp. Bring to boil; reduce to simmer for 6 minutes. Add noodles and return to simmer for 2 minutes. Add shrimp and return to simmer until shrimp are heated through, about 1 to 2 minutes. Using tongs, divide noodles into serving bowls, add shrimp and ladle in stock. <END>
INPUT: pack quail eggs, distilled vinegar, ice cubes, coarse kosher salt, Quail eggs are
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pickled Quail Eggs | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 10-pack fresh quail eggs*; 1 tablespoon plus 1 cup distilled white vinegar; 1 1/2 cups ice cubes; 1 tablespoon coarse kosher salt; *Quail eggs are available at some supermarkets, farmers' markets, and specialty foods stores, but if you can't find them, pickled onions are a delicio | INSTRUCTIONS: Place quail eggs in small saucepan; add enough cold water to cover by 1 inch. Add 1 tablespoon vinegar. Bring to boil. Remove pan from heat; cover and let stand 5 minutes. Add ice cubes to pan; let stand 15 minutes to cool. Gently tap top and bottom ends of each egg on work surface to loosen shell. Starting at bottom (rounded) end of 1 egg, carefully remove shell, pinching and squeezing egg between fingers. Repeat with remaining eggs. Place peeled eggs in 1 1/2- to 2-cup glass jar with lid. Add remaining 1 cup vinegar. Close jar; refrigerate at least 1 day and up to 2 days. Add 1 tablespoon co <END>
INPUT: unsalted butter, fine bread crumbs, Gruyère, Parmigiano Reggiano, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Leek and Mushroom Gratin | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 stick unsalted butter, divided; 1 cup fine dry bread crumbs; 1/4 pound Gruyère, finely grated on small teardrop-shaped holes of a box grater (2 cups); 1/2 cup finely grated Parmigiano-Reggiano; 2 teaspoons finely chopped garlic; 1 tablespoon finely chopped flat-leaf parsley; 3 pounds leeks, root ends trimmed; 2 tablespoons all-purpose flour; 1 1/2 cups chicken stock or reduced-sodium chicken broth; 1/8 teaspoon grated nutmeg; 1/2 teaspoon grated lemon zest; 1 pound cremini mushrooms, trimmed and thinly sliced; Equipment: a 1 1/2-quart oval gratin or other shallow baking dish | INSTRUCTIONS: Melt 2 tablespoons butter in a small saucepan over low heat, then cool. Toss melted butter with bread crumbs, cheeses, garlic, parsley, 1/4 teaspoon salt, and 1/8 teaspoon pepper in a bowl until combined. Trim each leek to an 8-inch length (reserve tops for another use if desired). Halve leeks lengthwise, then cut crosswise into roughly 1-inch pieces. Wash leeks, then drain well. Melt 1 tablespoon butter in a 1-to 1 1/2-quart heavy saucepan over medium heat. Add flour and cook roux, whisking, 1 minute. Add stock in a slow stream, whisking, then bring to a boil, whisking. Add nutmeg and zest an <END>
INPUT: knots, all purpose flour, granulated sugar, baking powder, all vegetable shortening, milk
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lemon Knots | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 12 cups all-purpose flour, plus more for dusting; 2 cups granulated sugar; 12 teaspoons baking powder; 12 tablespoons all-vegetable shortening, such as Crisco; 1/2 cup 2-percent milk; 2 teaspoons lemon extract; 12 eggs; 2 drops cinnamon oil; 2 cups powdered sugar; 1/4 cup milk or water | INSTRUCTIONS: For the lemon knots: Combine the flour, granulated sugar and baking powder together in a bowl. Add the shortening and work it into the flour. Add the milk, extract, eggs and cinnamon oil in a separate bowl. Mix well. Add the milk mixture to the flour mixture and work with your hands until combined. The dough will be sticky to the touch. Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Dust your hands with flour and roll a 5-inch rope-like log out of the dough. Make the dough log into a knot. Place the dough knot onto a cookie sheet. Repeat with the remaining dough. Bake until firm to the touch, about 6 minu <END>
INPUT: italian, melted, olive oil, unsalted butter, leeks, Salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Italian Seared Halibut with Melted Leeks | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons olive oil, divided; 1 (8- to 10-ounce) pack whole cremini mushrooms, halved; 1 tablespoon unsalted butter; 3 small leeks, halved and thinly sliced, washed well and dried; Salt and ground black pepper; 1/4 cup dry white wine; 1 teaspoon dried oregano; 1/4 cup chopped fresh parsley; Zest of 1 lemon; 2 garlic cloves, finely chopped or grated; 1 tablespoon olive oil; 4 (6-ounce) halibut fillets | INSTRUCTIONS: To prepare the melted leeks, place a large skillet over medium-high heat with 1 tablespoon olive oil. Add the mushrooms to the pan and cook, stirring only occasionally, until they're golden brown and beginning to shrink a bit, 6 to 7 minutes. Remove the mushrooms from the skillet and reserve. Return the skillet to medium heat with 1 tablespoon olive oil and the butter. Add the leeks to the pan, season them with salt and pepper, then cook, stirring frequently (don't let them get brown), until they've softened, about 10 minutes. Add the white wine and dried oregano to the skillet along with the  <END>
INPUT: skillet, pine nuts, vegetable oil, panko, cauliflower, Kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Skillet-Roasted Cauliflower With Panko | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons pine nuts; 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, divided; 1/4 cup panko (Japanese breadcrumbs); 1 large head of cauliflower, cut into florets with some stalk attached; Kosher salt, freshly ground pepper; 1 garlic clove, finely grated; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 2 tablespoons thinly sliced pickled red peppers (such as Peppadew); 1/4 ounce Parmesan, finely grated; 3 tablespoons finely chopped fresh mint | INSTRUCTIONS: Toast pine nuts in a large skillet over medium-high heat, tossing often, until golden brown, about 2 minutes. Transfer to a small bowl. Heat 1 Tbsp. oil in same skillet and cook panko, tossing often, until golden brown, about 3 minutes. Add to bowl with pine nuts; wipe out skillet. Heat remaining 1 Tbsp. oil in same skillet and cook cauliflower, tossing occasionally, until browned but not cooked through, 10–12 minutes. Season with salt and pepper and add 3/4 cup water. Cook until cauliflower is crisp-tender and water has evaporated, 10–12 minutes. Add garlic, butter, and pickled peppers to cau <END>
INPUT: Italian, sauce, EVOO, rosemary leaves, garlic, Fresno chile, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spaghetti with Chickpea Red Sauce | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons EVOO; 2 to 3 tablespoons fresh rosemary leaves, finely chopped; 3 to 4 cloves garlic, chopped or sliced; 1 Fresno chile, finely chopped or 1/2 teaspoon dried chile flakes; 1 small onion, finely chopped; Salt and pepper; 2 tablespoons tomato paste; 1/2 cup dry white or red wine; One 15- to 18-ounce can chickpeas/ceci beans, lightly drained; 1 cup chicken stock; One 28- to 32-ounce can San Marzano tomatoes; 1 cup passata or tomato puree; 1 pound whole-grain, farro or whole wheat spaghetti; Freshly grated pecorino, for topping; Handful fresh flat-leaf parsley leaves, chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat the EVOO in a Dutch oven or large skillet over medium to medium-high heat. Add the rosemary, garlic, chiles, onions and some salt and pepper. Stir and cook for 5 to 7 minutes. Add the tomato paste, stir 1 minute, and then add the wine. To a food processor, add half of the chickpeas and the stock, and pulse into a fine chop but not a puree. Add the chickpea mixture to the sauce. Add in the tomatoes, breaking them up a little and add the remaining whole chickpeas. Reduce the heat to a simmer, and cook to thicken the sauce, about 20 minutes. Turn off and cool, then store for a make-ahead mea <END>
INPUT: sorbet, water, sugar, nonalcoholic sparkling cider, Calvados, an ice cream
OUTPUT: TITLE: Calvados Sorbet | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2/3 cup water; 1/2 cup sugar; 1 1/2 cups nonalcoholic sparkling cider; 1/3 cup Calvados; Equipment: an ice cream maker | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring water and sugar to a boil in a small saucepan, stirring until sugar has dissolved, then simmer 5 minutes. Transfer to a metal bowl set into an ice bath, then stir in cider and Calvados and quick-chill, stirring occasionally, until very cold, 15 to 30 minutes. Freeze sorbet in ice cream maker, then transfer to an airtight container and put in freezer until soft-frozen, at least 2 hours. Stir before serving if separated. Bring water and sugar to a boil in a small saucepan, stirring until sugar has dissolved, then simmer 5 minutes. Transfer to a metal bowl set into an ice bath, then stir in <END>
INPUT: neutral vegetable oil, scallions, kosher salt, avocado, low fat plain
OUTPUT: TITLE: Creamy Avocado Dip With Scallions | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon neutral vegetable oil; 3 large scallions, white and pale-green parts thinly sliced, dark-green parts trimmed, finely chopped; 3/4 teaspoon kosher salt, plus more; 1 avocado, coarsely chopped; 3/4 cup low-fat plain Greek yogurt; Tortilla chips or pita chips (for serving; optional) | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat oil in a small saucepan over medium. Add sliced scallions and a pinch of salt; cook, stirring frequently, until scallions just start to brown around the edges, about 3 minutes. Transfer scallions and oil to a medium bowl. Add avocado, yogurt, and remaining 3/4 tsp. salt; stir to combine, lightly mashing avocado so mixture is slightly chunky. Taste and adjust seasonings. Top with finely chopped scallions. Serve with tortilla chips or pita chips alongside, if using. Heat oil in a small saucepan over medium. Add sliced scallions and a pinch of salt; cook, stirring frequently, until scallions <END>
INPUT: artichokes, water, Salt, Pepper, lemon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Steamed Artichokes with Garlic Butter | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 large artichokes (about 2 1/2 pounds), leaving about 1/2" long; 2" of water; Salt; Pepper; 1 halved lemon; 1/2 cup (1 stick) melted unsalted butter; 1 finely grated garlic clove | INSTRUCTIONS: Trim stems from 4 large artichokes (about 2 1/2 pounds), leaving about 1/2" long. Snap off any browned leaves, then remove top fourth of artichokes; discard. If you like, use kitchen scissors to snip off any thorns. Bring 2" of water to a simmer in a large pot. Fit with a steamer basket and place artichokes inside; season with salt and pepper. Cover and steam until leaves pull out easily and hearts are tender (a paring knife will meet with no resistance), 70–80 minutes. Remove from heat; squeeze 1 halved lemon over. Mix 1/2 cup (1 stick) melted unsalted butter and 1 finely grated garlic clove  <END>
INPUT: pilaf, virgin olive oil, onion, wild rice, pearl barley, reduced sodium chicken
OUTPUT: TITLE: Barley and Wild Rice Pilaf with Pomegranate Seeds | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 teaspoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1 medium onion, finely chopped; 1/2 cup wild rice, rinsed; 1/2 cup pearl barley; 3 cups reduced-sodium chicken broth or vegetable broth; 1/3 cup pine nuts; 1 cup pomegranate seeds (1 large fruit; see Tip); 2 teaspoons freshly grated lemon zest; 2 tablespoons chopped flat-leaf parsley | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat oil in a large saucepan over medium heat. Add onion and cook, stirring often, until softened. Add wild rice and barley; stir for a few seconds. Add broth and bring to a simmer. Reduce heat to low, cover and simmer until the wild rice and barley are tender and most of the liquid has been absorbed, 45 to 50 minutes. Meanwhile, toast pine nuts in a small, dry skillet over medium-low heat, stirring constantly, until light golden and fragrant, 2 to 3 minutes. Transfer to a small bowl to cool. Add pomegranate seeds, lemon zest, parsley and the toasted pine nuts to the pilaf; fluff with a fork.  <END>
INPUT: vines, frosted cupcake, Pink sanding sugars, jelly candy jelly, mini marshmallows, pearly candies
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pink Marshmallow Vines | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 frosted cupcake (about 2 tablespoons frosting works best); Pink and white sanding sugars; Green jelly candy or green jelly spaghetti; 3 mini marshmallows; 3 to 4 pearly white candies (dragees, small jelly beans, nonpareils, etc.) | INSTRUCTIONS: Roll the edges of the cupcake in white sanding sugar, leaving the top sugar free. Cut the jelly candy into two 2-inch strips; put on the cupcake with one set of ends touching. Snip the marshmallows diagonally. Press the cut sides into the pink sanding sugar and arrange them on the vines like buds. Put the pearl candies around the marshmallows. <END>
INPUT: sour cream, horseradish, pepper, Worcestershire sauce
OUTPUT: TITLE: Horseradish Mashed Potatoes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 (24-ounce) container homestyle mashed potatoes (recommended: Country Crock); 2 tablespoons sour cream; 1 tablespoon prepared horseradish; Freshly ground black pepper; 1 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large bowl stir together the mashed potatoes, sour cream, horseradish, pepper and Worcestershire sauce. Cover with a damp paper towel and microwave on HIGH for 3 minutes. <END>
INPUT: parmigiana, virgin olive oil, garlic, onions, Kosher salt, pepper flakes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Eggplant Parmigiana 2 | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 6 cloves garlic, peeled and pressed or grated; 3 medium yellow onions, peeled, halved and cut into thin slices; Kosher salt; 1 tablespoon red pepper flakes; 1 tablespoon granulated sugar; Three 28-ounce cans whole San Marzano plum tomatoes; 2 medium eggplants (about 2 1/2 pounds total), washed and cut into 1/2-inch-thick rounds; Kosher salt; 1 cup all-purpose flour; 5 large eggs; 3 tablespoons whole milk; 5 cups Italian-style breadcrumbs; 1 tablespoon dried oregano; 1 tablespoon fresh thyme leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. For the sauce: In a large skillet, heat the olive oil. Add the garlic and onions and season with salt and the red pepper flakes. Cook until the onions become translucent, 3 to 5 minutes. Add the sugar and the canned tomatoes. Use a wooden spoon to break up some of the whole tomatoes and cook 10 to 15 minutes over medium heat, stirring from time to time. Taste for seasoning. The tomatoes should be fairly broken down and the flavors coming together. Cook for another few minutes if the tomatoes still taste like they need a little more time to break down. Add 2 to 3  <END>
INPUT: tortillas, pineapple, guajillo chiles, canola oil, Spanish onion, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tortillas with Grilled Adobo Pork and Pineapple | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 10 dried guajillo chiles; 2 tablespoons canola oil; 1/2 medium white Spanish onion, thinly sliced; 2 garlic cloves, smashed with back of knife and peeled; 2 whole cloves; 6 (6-inch) cinnamon sticks, broken into thirds; 24 whole black peppercorns; 1/4 teaspoon cumin seeds, crushed; 1 cup adobo sauce; 1/4 cup freshly squeezed orange juice; 1 tablespoon sherry wine vinegar; 2 teaspoons honey; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 1/8 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 1 (1 1/4-pound) pork tenderloin, trimmed | INSTRUCTIONS: Make adobo: Remove stems, seeds, and membranes from chiles, then break into large pieces and set aside. In 4-quart saucepan over moderate heat, heat oil until hot but not smoking. Add onion, garlic, cloves, cinnamon, peppercorns, and cumin seeds and cook until onion is soft and golden brown, about 6 minutes. Add chilies and cook until darkened on both sides, about 1 minute. Add enough water to cover mixture halfway and bring to boil. Continue boiling until liquid reduces by half, about 5 to 8 minutes. Transfer mixture to blender and purée until smooth. Strain, pressing on solids with rubber sp <END>
INPUT: mash, bliss potatoes, garlic, Salt pepper, butter, heavy cream
OUTPUT: TITLE: Garlic Red Bliss Mash | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 pounds red bliss potatoes; 4 cloves garlic; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 3 tablespoons butter, room temperature; 1/2 to 1 cup heavy cream, room temperature | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Special equipment: potato masher In a large pot, cover potatoes and garlic with water by 1 inch. Bring to a boil, add salt and simmer until tender, about 15 minutes. Drain well. Put the potatoes and garlic back in the pot and cook over low heat to evaporate the rest of the water. Mash in the butter with a potato masher. Add the heavy cream in stages until the desired consistency reached. Season with salt and pepper. <END>
INPUT: Italian, gluten, free, olive oil, tomato paste, garlic, Kosher salt, tomatoes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Gluten-Free Eggplant Parmesan | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1 tablespoon tomato paste; 2 cloves garlic, thinly sliced; Kosher salt; One 28-ounce can whole tomatoes, crushed well by hand; 1 cup torn fresh basil leaves; 2 1/4 cups almond flour; 2 large eggs; 2 medium eggplants, sliced into 1/2-inch rounds, ends discarded (about 2 1/2 pounds); Freshly ground black pepper; 1 cup shredded part-skim mozzarella; 1/4 cup grated Parmesan; 2 tablespoons fresh parsley leaves, chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: a broiler-safe 9-by-13-inch baking dish Position 2 oven racks in the center and upper third of the oven, and preheat to 425 degrees F. Line 2 rimmed baking sheets with parchment. Cook the oil, tomato paste, garlic and 1/2 teaspoon salt in a large skillet over medium heat, stirring, until the oil turns yellow, about 2 minutes. Add the tomatoes. Rinse the can with about 1 1/2 cups water, and add the tomato water and basil to the skillet. Bring to a simmer, and cook until the sauce thickens, about 20 minutes. Meanwhile, put the almond flour in a medium bowl. Whisk the eggs and  <END>
INPUT: salad, slaw, cabbage, dill, olive oil, rice vinegar, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Crème Fraîche Potato Salad With Salmon Roe, Green Cabbage Slaw, and Smoked Salmon | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 cups thinly sliced green cabbage (about 3/4 pound); 2 tablespoons minced fresh dill; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1 tablespoon rice vinegar; 1/2 teaspoon salt, or to taste; 1 pound small red potatoes; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1 tablespoons rice vinegar; 1/3 to 1/2 cup crème fraîche, or to taste; 4 ounces (about 1/3 cup) salmon roe (preferably fresh); Lemon juice to taste; 6 ounces thinly sliced smoked salmon | INSTRUCTIONS: Make the slaw: In a bowl toss together the cabbage, the dill, the oil, the vinegar, and the salt and chill the slaw, covered. In a bowl toss together the cabbage, the dill, the oil, the vinegar, and the salt and chill the slaw, covered. Make the potato salad: Cut the potatoes, unpeeled, into eights and in a steamer set over simmering water steam them, covered for 8 to 10 minutes, or until they are just tender. Transfer the potatoes to a bowl, toss them while they are still warm with the oil, the vinegar, and salt and pepper to taste, and let them cool, stirring gently once or twice until they  <END>
INPUT: salad, corn, Granny Smith apples, fennel bulb, onion, parsley leaves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Corn Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups frozen corn, thawed; 1 Granny Smith apples, peeled, cored and chopped; 1 fennel bulb, quartered, cored, and thinly sliced; 1/2 medium red onion, chopped; 2 tablespoons chopped parsley leaves; 1 teaspoon ground cumin; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 tablespoons apple cider vinegar; 1 tablespoon spicy brown mustard; 1/4 cup canola oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. In a large serving bowl, toss together the corn, apples, fennel, and onion. (Reserve 1 cup of the mixture for the Corn Puddings recipe.) Add the parsley and cumin and season with salt and pepper, to taste. In a small bowl, whisk together the vinegar, mustard, and oil. (Reserve 2 tablespoons of the vinaigrette for the Round 2 Salad recipe.) Add the dressing to the vegetables and toss well to coat. <END>
INPUT: brandied, onion, garlic, chicken livers, Cognac other brandy
OUTPUT: TITLE: Brandied Chicken Liver Pâté | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 cup finely chopped onion; 1 large garlic clove, chopped fine; 1/2 stick (1/4 cup) unsalted butter; 1 pound chicken livers, trimmed; 1/4 cup Cognac or other brandy; 1/4 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg; a pinch ground allspice; 1/3 cup dried currants; Accompaniment: toasted French bread slices or crackers | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large heavy skillet cook onion and garlic in butter over moderate heat, stirring, until softened. Pat dry chicken livers and season with salt and pepper. Add livers to onion mixture and cook, stirring occasionally, until cooked through but barely pink inside, about 10 minutes. Add brandy and simmer 2 minutes. Transfer hot mixture to a food processor and add nutmeg, allspice, and salt and pepper to taste. Purée mixture until very smooth and cool mixture. While pâté is cooling, in a bowl cover currants with boiling water and soak 5 minutes. Drain currants and pat dry between paper towels. T <END>
INPUT: sauce, half raspberries, granulated sugar, water, Framboise liqueur
OUTPUT: TITLE: Raspberry Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 half-pint package fresh raspberries; 1/2 cup granulated sugar; 1/4 cup water; 1 cup (12 ounces) seedless raspberry jam; 1 tablespoon Framboise liqueur | INSTRUCTIONS: Place the package of raspberries, the granulated sugar, and 1/4 cup water in a small saucepan. Bring to a boil, lower the heat, and simmer for 4 minutes. Pour the cooked raspberries, the jam, and Framboise into the bowl of a food processor fitted with the steel blade and process until smooth. Chill. <END>
INPUT: navel oranges, wine vinegar, lemon juice, dark sugar, virgin olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Duck Confit with Oranges and Watercress | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 navel oranges; 1 tablespoon red-wine vinegar; 2 teaspoons fresh lemon juice; 1 teaspoon packed dark brown sugar; 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 4 Confit Duck Legs at room temperature; 8 cups watercress sprigs (from 2 bunches), tough stems discarded; 1 cup walnuts, Toasted , cooled, and coarsely broken | INSTRUCTIONS: With a sharp paring knife, cut peel and white pith from oranges, then cut each orange crosswise into 5 slices. Whisk together vinegar, lemon juice, sugar, 1/4 teaspoon salt, and 1/8 teaspoon pepper in a bowl. Add oil in a slow stream, whisking until combined. Cook duck, skin side down, covered, in a large heavy nonstick skillet over medium-low heat until skin is well browned and crisp and duck is heated through, 15 to 20 minutes. Toss watercress and walnuts in a bowl with just enough dressing to coat. Divide orange slices among plates, then drizzle with any remaining dressing and top with sala <END>
INPUT: Italian, risotto, virgin olive oil, carnaroli rice, shallots, garlic, pinches saffron threads
OUTPUT: TITLE: Prawn, Asparagus and Saffron Risotto | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1/3 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 14 ounces carnaroli rice; 4 shallots, thinly sliced; 2 cloves garlic, thinly sliced; 2 pinches saffron threads; 2/3 cup white wine; 2 1/2 cups fish or vegetable stock; 10 green prawns, peeled and cleaned; 15 asparagus spears; 3 ounces butter; 1 tablespoon chopped parsley leaves; Sea salt | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large saucepan over medium-high heat, heat the olive oil. Add in the rice and toast, stirring frequently, for 2 minutes. Add the shallots, garlic, and saffron and saute everything together for 1 more minute. Add the wine and without stirring, turn down the heat to medium-low and shake the pot every few minutes. Once the wine has been reduced, add the stock 2/3 of a ladle at a time until liquid covers the rice completely. Add few pieces of prawns and asparagus to get the flavor through during the cooking process for 12 to 15 minutes. Add the rest of the prawns and asparagus the last 2 minu <END>
INPUT: gravy, cornbread mix, celery, onions, poultry seasoning
OUTPUT: TITLE: Turkey with Cornbread Stuffing and Gravy | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 (12-pound) turkey, thawed; 1 box cornbread mix, prepared according to package directions; 1 cup chopped celery; 1/2 cup chopped green onions; 2 tablespoons poultry seasoning; 1 can chicken with rice soup; 1 stick softened butter; 3 tablespoons vegetable oil; 3 tablespoons all-purpose flour; Salt and freshly ground pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Rinse the turkey in clean water and pat dry with paper towels. Remove the gizzards and neck. Place gizzards and neck into a pan of water and bring to a simmer to create broth for gravy. Simmer for 30 to 45 minutes. Remove from the heat, strain, and reserve. Meanwhile, make cornbread from mix, according to package directions. Crumble cornbread into small pieces and lay onto a cookie sheet to air dry. In a bowl, combine celery and green onions with air-dried cornbread. Add poultry seasoning and soup, but no water. Mix together thoroughly and place inside turkey cav <END>
INPUT: nuggets, alligator meat, Fish batter, oil, Salt pepper, Serving various dipping
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fried Alligator Nuggets | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 pound alligator meat, cut into 1/2-inch cubes; Fish batter, for coating (see *Cook's Note); Cooking oil, for frying; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; Serving suggestions: various dipping sauces such as remoulade, mustard, or cocktail | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Fill a deep pot halfway full with oil. Heat to 360 degrees F. Coat the alligator meat with the fish batter. Fry for 2 to 3 minutes, until gator floats in oil. Remove and add salt and pepper to taste. Serve as an appetizer with remoulade sauce, mustard sauce, or cocktail sauce for dipping. <END>
INPUT: wine vinegar, onion, Kosher salt, peppercorns, coriander seeds
OUTPUT: TITLE: Easy Pickled Jalapenos | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2/3 cup white wine vinegar; 1/2 onion, sliced thinly (about 1/2 cup); 1 tablespoon Kosher salt; 1 teaspoon black peppercorns; 1 teaspoon coriander seeds; 5 large jalapenos, cut into 1/8-inch rounds | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: A heatproof 1-pint jar Combine the vinegar, 2/3 cup water, onions, salt, peppercorns and coriander in a small pot, bring to a boil, then reduce to a simmer and cook for 5 minutes. Put the jalapenos in a heatproof 1-pint jar and pour the hot pickling mixture over them. Allow them to sit and soak up the flavor for 30 minutes up to overnight-the longer they sit, the more they will soften and absorb flavor. Stored in the refrigerator, they will keep for up to 1 month. <END>
INPUT: flan, segments, sugar, water, eggs, egg yolks, honey
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tangerine-Honey Flan with Grapefruit Segments | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 cup sugar, divided; 1/4 cup water; 2 large eggs; 4 large egg yolks; 1 tablespoon honey; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; Pinch of salt; 3/4 cup heavy whipping cream; 1/4 cup sweetened condensed milk; 1/4 cup finely chopped tangerine peel (cut from 3 large tangerines with vegetable peeler); 1 cup fresh tangerine juice; 2 pink grapefruits | INSTRUCTIONS: Position rack in center of oven and preheat to 350°F. Bring 1/2 cup sugar and 1/4 cup water to boil in heavy small saucepan over medium-low heat, stirring until sugar dissolves and brushing down sides of pan with wet pastry brush. Increase heat and boil without stirring until syrup is deep amber color, swirling pan occasionally, about 7 minutes. Pour caramel syrup into 8-inch-diameter cake pan with 1 1/2-inch-high sides; quickly rotate pan so syrup covers bottom. Whisk eggs, yolks, honey, vanilla, and salt in medium bowl to blend. Bring cream, condensed milk, and tangerine peel to simmer in me <END>
INPUT: Italian, Kosher salt pepper, Herbes de Provence, virgin olive oil, spaghetti pasta
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spaghetti with Beef, Smoked Almonds and Basil | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound (1-inch thick) beef tenderloin steaks *see Cook's Note; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 teaspoons Herbes de Provence; Extra-virgin olive oil for drizzling, plus 1/4 cup; 1 pound spaghetti pasta; 1 (15-ounce) can diced tomatoes; 2 packed cups fresh basil leaves; 1 clove garlic, chopped; 2 teaspoons fresh lemon juice; 1 teaspoon grated lemon zest; 3/4 cup chopped smoked almonds; 1/2 cup freshly grated Parmesan; 1/4 cup chopped fresh basil leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: Place an oven rack in the upper 1/3 of the oven. Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F. Place the steaks on a baking sheet and season with salt and pepper. Sprinkle the Herbes de Provence on both sides of the steaks and drizzle with olive oil. Roast for 10 to 12 minutes for medium-well. Let the steaks rest for 10 minutes. Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil over high heat. Add the pasta and cook until tender but still firm to the bite, stirring occasionally, about 8 to 10 minutes. Drain and reserve about 1 cup of the pasta water. In a food processor, combine the tomatoes, basil, garlic, le <END>
INPUT: American, all purpose flour, flaked coconut, unsalted butter, vegetable shortening, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pumpkin-Coconut Pie | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/4 cups all-purpose flour, plus more for dusting; 1/4 cup sweetened flaked coconut, plus more for topping; 6 tablespoons cold unsalted butter, cut into small pieces; 2 tablespoons cold vegetable shortening; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1 15-ounce can pure pumpkin; 1 cup coconut milk; 3/4 cup sugar; 2 large eggs, lightly beaten; 1 tablespoon coconut rum (optional); 1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract; 1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1/4 teaspoon ground allspice | INSTRUCTIONS: Make the crust: Pulse the flour, coconut, 2 tablespoons butter, the shortening and salt in a food processor until it looks like fine meal. Add the remaining 4 tablespoons butter and pulse until it is in pea-size pieces. Drizzle in 2 tablespoons cold water and pulse until the dough just comes together. Turn out onto a piece of plastic wrap; use the plastic to help form the dough into a disk. Wrap tightly and refrigerate until firm, at least 1 hour or overnight. (The dough can be frozen for up to 2 months; thaw at room temperature.) Roll out the dough into a 12-inch round on a lightly floured su <END>
INPUT: split, reubens, caraway seeds, sack sauerkraut, beer apple cider, spicy grainy mustard, long folded link
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Split Kielbasa Reubens with Warm Mustard-Caraway Sauerkraut | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 teaspoon caraway seeds; 1 pound sack sauerkraut, drained; 1 cup beer or apple cider; 1/4 cup spicy brown grainy mustard; 2 sticks or 1 long folded link kielbasa or turkey kielbasa, 1 1/4 pounds; 1/4 stick butter, softened; 8 slices marble rye bread; 8 slices Emmentaler or other Swiss cheese, deli sliced; 1/2 cup sweet red pepper relish | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat a griddle pan to medium-high.heat. Heat a small skillet over medium heat. Toast the seeds a couple of minutes then stir in sauerkraut, beer or cider, and mustard and simmer 10 minutes. Cut kielbasa into 4 portions and split the sausage pieces in half across, opening them up. Grill the sausages on the hot griddle until crispy on both sides, about 7 to 8 minutes total. Wipe some of the grease off the griddle and drop heat to low. Lightly butter 1 side of each slice of bread. Build butter-side-out sandwiches of grilled kielbasa, sauerkraut, and 2 slices of cheese; spread the top of each s <END>
INPUT: American, soup, crème fraîche sour, lemon juice, lemon peel, virgin olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Potato, Green Cabbage, and Leek Soup with Lemon Crème Fraîche | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup crème fraîche or sour cream; 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice; 1/4 teaspoon finely grated lemon peel; 2 tablespoons (1/4 stick) butter, divided; 1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil; 6 cups diced green cabbage (1/2-inch dice; from about 1/2 medium head); 3 cups chopped leeks (white and pale green parts only; 3 to 4 large); 3 large garlic cloves, pressed; 3 cups 1/2-inch cubes peeled Yukon Gold potatoes (about 1 1/4 pounds); 1 2 x 2-inch piece Parmesan cheese rind (optional); 1 Turkish bay leaf; 6 cups (or more) low-salt chicken broth; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh chives (for garnish) | INSTRUCTIONS: Whisk crème fraîche, lemon juice, and lemon peel in small bowl to blend. Cover and chill. DO AHEAD: Can be made 4 hours ahead. Keep chilled. Melt 1 tablespoon butter with 1 tablespoon olive oil in heavy large pot over medium-high heat. Add cabbage; sprinkle lightly with salt and freshly ground black pepper and sauté until cabbage is almost tender but not brown, 6 to 8 minutes. Using slotted spoon, transfer 1 cup cabbage to small bowl and reserve for garnish. Add 1 tablespoon butter to pot with cabbage; add leeks and garlic. Sauté over medium heat until leeks soften slightly, about 3 minutes. S <END>
INPUT: persillade, mixed wild mushrooms, shallots, garlic, parsley, walnut oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Persillade of Wild Mushrooms with Walnut Oil | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound mixed wild mushrooms, or a mixture of wild and button mushrooms; 2 shallots, chopped; 2 to 3 cloves garlic, chopped; 2 to 3 tablespoons chopped parsley; 3 tablespoons walnut oil; Salt and pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Pick over mushrooms to discard leaves and twigs. Trim mushroom stems and brush them to remove grit. If very dirty, wash them by tossing in a large bowl of cold water, then lifting them out with your hands so grit falls to bottom of the bowl. Do not leave them to soak and absorb water. Drain them in a colander. Peel and finely chop the shallots and garlic and push to the side of the chopping board. Chop the parsley, draw in shallots and garlic, and chop them briefly together. Stir them in a bowl with walnut oil. Cut any large mushrooms in 2 to 3 piece <END>
INPUT: Asian, shrimp, Peanut oil, eggs, soda, cornstarch
OUTPUT: TITLE: Salt and Pepper Shrimp | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 2 pounds extra-large shrimp, shells on; Peanut oil, for frying; 2 large eggs; 1 cup chilled club soda; 3 cups cornstarch; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 serrano chilies, sliced; 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped; 1 (1-inch) piece fresh ginger, peeled and finely chopped; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro, plus more for garnish; 1 tablespoon low-sodium soy sauce; 1 tablespoon sake | INSTRUCTIONS: With kitchen shears, cut through the shell of the shrimp down the back to the tail. Remove the vein and rinse them well. Butterfly the shrimp by cutting almost all the way through the shrimp with a knife. Pat dry and set aside. Heat 2 inches of peanut oil in a wok or deep skillet to 375 degrees F. While the oil is heating, whisk the eggs and club soda together in a large bowl. Whisk in 2 cups cornstarch making sure to get out any lumps. The batter should be the consistency of heavy cream. Season generously with salt and pepper - remember it is called Salt and Pepper Shrimp! Put the remaining c <END>
INPUT: Indian, warm, salad, duck breasts, honey, Salt pepper taste, butter, olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Warm Lentil Salad with Honey Glazed Duck Breast, Lardons, and Frisee | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 2 duck breasts; 4 tablespoons honey; Salt and pepper to taste; 2 tablespoons butter; 1 tablespoon olive oil; 1 1/4 cups small French du Puy lentils; 4 cups duck stock, or low-sodium chicken broth; 1/2 teaspoon salt; Freshly ground black pepper; 2 sprigs fresh thyme; 1 bay leaf; 1 tablespoon unsalted butter; 1 tablespoon olive oil; 1/4 pound thick cut bacon, cut into 1/4-inch pieces, reserving some cooked for garnish; 1 medium onion, diced fine | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 400 degrees. Score the skin side of the duck breasts on the diagonal in both directions. Season with salt and pepper to taste. Using a pastry brush, brush the breasts with honey. Transfer to a hot saute pan with 2 tablespoons butter and 1 tablespoon olive oil. Pan sear the duck breasts skin-side down until golden. Place the duck, skin-side-up in the pan in the oven and cook until rare, about 7 minutes. Slice the duck and fan around the bottom of the warm lentils and frisee. In a medium stockpot, combine lentils, stock, salt and pepper to taste, thyme, and bay leaf. Cook until t <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, nuts, fruit, water, sugar, cranberries, apricots, cherries
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sweet Couscous with Nuts and Dried Fruit | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 2 1/3 cups water; 1/2 cup sugar; 1/3 cup dried cranberries; 1/3 cup dried apricots, chopped; 1/3 cup dried cherries, chopped; 2 1/2 cups (about 1 pound) couscous; 1/2 cup coarsely chopped toasted slivered almonds; 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil, if desired | INSTRUCTIONS: In a medium saucepan, combine the water, sugar, cranberries, apricots, and cherries. Bring the mixture to a boil over medium-high heat, stirring constantly, until the sugar has dissolved, about 2 minutes. Stir in the couscous and remove the pan from the heat. Cover the pan with a tight fitting lid until the couscous has absorbed all of the cooking liquid, about 5 to 7 minutes. Using a fork, fluff the couscous to break up any lumps. Add the almonds and hazelnuts and toss. Spread the mixture evenly on a baking sheet until completely cooled, about 10 minutes. Transfer the couscous to an airtight  <END>
INPUT: vinaigrette, Kosher salt pepper, baby carrots, golden raisins, wine, wine vinegar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Carrots With Raisin-Fennel Vinaigrette | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper; 3 bunches baby carrots (preferably rainbow), greens trimmed, halved lengthwise; 1/4 cup golden raisins; 1 cup dry white wine; 1/2 cup white wine vinegar; 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 1 teaspoon fennel seeds; 1 clove garlic, thinly sliced; 1 bay leaf; 1 tablespoon dijon mustard; Chopped fresh chives, for topping | INSTRUCTIONS: Make the vinaigrette: Combine 2 cups water, the wine, vinegar, olive oil, fennel seeds, garlic, bay leaf, 1/2 teaspoon salt, and pepper to taste in a deep skillet. Bring to a simmer over medium heat, then add the carrots and reduce the heat to medium low; cover and cook until just tender, 25 to 30 minutes. Transfer the carrots to a bowl using a slotted spoon. Add the raisins to the skillet, increase the heat to medium high and cook until the vinaigrette is reduced to 1 cup, 15 to 20 minutes. Discard the bay leaf, then pour the vinaigrette over the carrots and let cool. Cover and refrigerate at <END>
INPUT: Mexican, rubbed, toasts, bay leaves, Hungarian sweet paprika, chipotle chile pepper, cumin seeds, steaks
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chipotle-Rubbed Steaks with Gorgonzola Toasts | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 4 1/2 bay leaves; 1 1/2 tablespoons Hungarian sweet paprika; 1 1/2 teaspoons crushed chipotle chile pepper*; 3/4 teaspoon cumin seeds; 4 1-inch-thick T-bone or rib steaks (about 1 pound each); 1 loaf ciabatta bread, halved horizontally, each half cut crosswise into eight 5x3-inch slices; Olive oil; 1 cup creamy Gorgonzola cheese; 1 teaspoon chopped fresh thyme | INSTRUCTIONS: Prepare barbecue (medium-high heat). Finely grind bay leaves, paprika, chipotle, and cumin seeds in spice grinder. Reserve1 teaspoon mixture. Transfer remaining mixture to plate. Sprinkle steaks generously with salt and pepper. Press both sides of steaks into spice mixture on plate and rub to spread evenly. Grill steaks to desired doneness, about 5 minutes per side for medium-rare. Brush cut sides of bread with olive oil. Grill, cut side down, until slightly charred, about 1 minute. Spread Gorgonzola onto grilled side of each bread slice. Sprinkle cheese with ground black pepper and reserved s <END>
INPUT: Mexican, enchiladas, sour cream, chili powder, cubed chicken, Monterey Jack cheese
OUTPUT: TITLE: Picante Chicken Enchiladas | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 jar (16 ounces) Pace® Picante Sauce; 1/2 cup sour cream; 2 teaspoons chili powder; 2 cups cubed cooked chicken; 1/2 cup shredded Monterey Jack cheese; 6 flour tortillas (8-inch), warmed; 1 green onion, thinly sliced (about 2 tablespoons) | INSTRUCTIONS: Stir 3/4 cup picante sauce, sour cream and chili powder in a medium bowl. Stir the picante sauce mixture, chicken and cheese in a large bowl. Spoon about1/3 cup chicken mixture down the center of each tortilla. Roll up the tortillas and place seam-side up in a lightly greased 11 x 8-inch shallow baking dish. Pour the remaining picante sauce over the filled tortillas. Cover the baking dish. Bake at 350 degrees F for 40 minutes or until the enchiladas are hot and bubbling. Top with the onion. <END>
INPUT: carrot, cake, all purpose flour, wheat pastry flour, baking powder, cinnamon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Light Carrot Cake | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Nonstick cooking spray; 1 1/4 cups all-purpose flour; 1 1/4 cups whole wheat pastry flour; 1 1/2 teaspoons baking powder; 1 1/2 teaspoons ground cinnamon; 1 teaspoon baking soda; 1/2 teaspoon allspice; 1/2 teaspoon ground ginger; Fine salt; 2 large eggs; 1 egg white; 1 cup packed light brown sugar; 3/4 cup granulated sugar; 1/2 cup canned crushed pineapple in fruit juice; 1/2 cup vegetable oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Spray a 13-by-9-inch metal baking pan with nonstick spray. Line the bottom with parchment paper. Whisk together the all-purpose flour, pastry flour, baking powder, cinnamon, baking soda, allspice, ginger and 1/2 teaspoon salt in a medium bowl. In a large mixing bowl, add the eggs, egg white, brown sugar and granulated sugar and beat until light and creamy, about 3 minutes. Add the pineapple and vegetable oil and mix until thoroughly incorporated into the batter, about another minute. Add the dry ingredients in thirds and mix unt <END>
INPUT: fighter, soup, chicken, carrots, fennel, onions, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Flu Fighter Chicken Soup with Garlic and Star Anise | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: One 4-pound chicken, rinsed and giblets discarded; 2 cups 1/4-inch sliced carrots; 2 cups 1/2-inch diced fennel; 2 cups 1/2-inch diced onions; 10 cloves garlic, peeled and trimmed; 2 whole dried arbol chiles; 2 whole star anise; One 2-inch piece ginger, peeled; 1 1/2 cups broccoli florets; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1/4 cup chopped fennel fronds | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Place the chicken in a large pot with 14 cups water. Bring to a boil over high heat, then immediately reduce the heat to medium-low and simmer for 1 hour. Periodically skim off the foam and scum that floats to the top. Transfer the chicken to a platter to cool. Add the carrots, fennel, onion, garlic, chiles, star anise and ginger to the stock and simmer until the garlic is fork tender, 15 to 20 minutes. Shred the chicken breast and leg meat (about 4 cups total), and add back to the soup along with the broccoli. Simmer for 5 minutes, and season with salt and peppe <END>
INPUT: soup, frizzled, leeks, vegetable oil, shucked oysters, russet
OUTPUT: TITLE: Oyster Soup with Frizzled Leeks | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 large leeks (white and pale green parts only), trimmed; 4 cups vegetable oil; 1 1/2 cups shucked small oysters (6 dozen) with 1 1/2 cups of their liquor (if necessary, add enough bottled clam juice to bring total to 1 1/2 cups); 2 medium leeks (white and pale green parts only), chopped; 2 large russet (baking) potatoes (1 pound total); 1 teaspoon salt; 3 tablespoons unsalted butter; 3 1/2 cups water; 1 cup half-and-half; Pinch of cayenne; Special equipment: a deep-fat thermometer | INSTRUCTIONS: Fry leeks: Cut leeks crosswise into 2-inch lengths, then cut lengthwise into enough very thin strips to measure 2 cups. Wash leek strips in a bowl of cold water, agitating them, then lift out and pat dry. Heat oil in a deep 4-quart heavy saucepan until it registers 360°F on thermometer. Fry leeks in 8 batches, stirring, until golden, about 10 seconds per batch. Transfer as fried with a slotted spoon to paper towels to drain. Cool completely (leeks will crisp as they cool). Cut leeks crosswise into 2-inch lengths, then cut lengthwise into enough very thin strips to measure 2 cups. Wash leek str <END>
INPUT: bouillabaisse, halibut, virgin olive oil, fennel bulb, onion, garlic, saffron threads
OUTPUT: TITLE: Bouillabaisse with Seared Halibut | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 1 small fennel bulb, bulb sliced and fronds reserved; 1 small yellow onion, diced; 1 tablespoon minced garlic; 1 teaspoon saffron threads; 1 3/4 cups dry white wine; 2 tablespoons licorice liqueur, such as Pernod; 1 3/4 cups chopped fire-roasted tomatoes, with liquid; 1 3/4 cups fish stock; 1 teaspoon dried thyme leaves; 1 bay leaf; 2/3 pound gold creamer potatoes; 2/3 pound littleneck clams, in the shell; 2/3 pound mussels, in the shell; 1/3 pound U 21/25 shrimp, peeled and deveined with tail | INSTRUCTIONS: Set a large Dutch oven over medium-high heat, and heat 2 tablespoons of the olive oil until shimmering. Add the fennel and onions, and cook, until the vegetables are softened, about 3 minutes. Stir in the garlic and saffron, and cook until fragrant, about 1 minute. Deglaze with the white wine and licorice liqueur, scraping up any browned bits. Reduce the liquid until it's almost completely evaporated. Then add the tomatoes, fish stock, thyme and bay leaf. Add the potatoes, bring to a boil and cook until just tender, about 10 minutes. Add the clams and mussels and simmer for another 3 minutes t <END>
INPUT: blueberry, eggs, sugar, shortening, vanilla extract, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Blueberry Cake | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 12 eggs, separated; 6 cups sugar; 3 cups shortening; 2 tablespoons vanilla extract; 1 teaspoon salt; 9 cups flour, plus additional for flouring blueberries and cake pan; 2 tablespoons baking powder; 2 cups milk; 6 cups blueberries; Butter, for greasing pan | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Beat the egg whites; set aside. Mix the egg yolks with sugar, shortening, vanilla, and salt. In a separate bowl mix the 9 cups of flour and the baking powder. Mix the flour mixture with the egg mixture, slowly adding the milk. Fold in the egg whites. Flour the blueberries and then fold them into the cake batter. Butter and flour 2 (12 by 18 by 1-inch) baking pans. Pour the blueberry cake batter into the pans and bake for 40 minutes, or until a toothpick inserted into the cake comes out dry and the cake springs back when touched firmly. <END>
INPUT: Indian, pots, creme, cardamom pods, sugar, milk
OUTPUT: TITLE: Coffee-Cardamom Pots de Creme | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 3 ounces (1 cup) coffee beans, preferably an espresso roast; 2 tablespoons cardamom pods; 3/4 cup sugar; 2 cups (approximately) heavy cream; 1 cup whole milk; 7 large egg yolks | INSTRUCTIONS: Put the coffee beans and cardamom pods in the work bowl of a food processor and pulse on and off several times to roughly chop -- not grind -- them. Turn the chopped beans and pods into a medium saucepan and add 1/2 cup of the sugar. Put the pan over medium heat and cook, stirring constantly with a wooden spoon, until the sugar starts to melt. Once the sugar has melted, continue to cook, still stirring without stop, until the sugar caramelizes -- you want the color of the caramel to be deep amber, almost mahogany. Now, standing away from the stove so you don't get splattered, slowly pour in 1  <END>
INPUT: pirate, boats, zucchini, bacon, onion, Salt pepper, vine ripened tomatoes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Zucchini and Corn Pirate Boats | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 medium zucchini, hollowed out, flesh reserved and chopped; 2 strips bacon, chopped; 1/2 cup finely minced onion; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 vine-ripened tomatoes, seeded and chopped; 2 cups fresh corn kernels (from about 2 ears of corn); 2 small zucchini, diced into 1/4-inch pieces; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro leaves; 8 small cherry or grape tomatoes; 4 (4 to 6-inch) skewers; 2 zucchini slices, halved; 2 green onions, green parts only | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Boats: Bring a medium saucepan with salted water to a boil over medium-high heat. Add the zucchini and cook for 3 minutes until slightly tender. Remove the zucchini and set them aside to cool. Carefully scoop out the insides of the zucchini halves with a small spoon. Reserve the cored halves and the insides for the boat's filling. Filling: Preheat a medium, heavy saute pan over medium heat. Add the bacon and cook for 5 minutes. Using a slotted spoon, transfer the bacon to paper towel lined plate. Remove all but 2 1/2 tablespoons of bacon drippings from the pan. A <END>
INPUT: salad, oranges, leaf lettuce, onion, olive oil, balsamic vinegar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Red Leaf Salad with Oranges | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 oranges; 1 head of red leaf lettuce, coarsely chopped; 1/2 medium red onion, thinly sliced (about 1 1/4 cups); 1 1/2 tablespoons olive oil; 1 1/2 tablespoons balsamic vinegar | INSTRUCTIONS: Using small sharp knife, cut off peel and white pith from oranges. Cut oranges crosswise into round slices, then cut slices in half. Toss red leaf lettuce, orange slices, and red onion slices in large bowl. Add oil and vinegar and toss to coat; season salad to taste with salt and pepper. Using small sharp knife, cut off peel and white pith from oranges. Cut oranges crosswise into round slices, then cut slices in half. Toss red leaf lettuce, orange slices, and red onion slices in large bowl. Add oil and vinegar and toss to coat; season salad to taste with salt and pepper. <END>
INPUT: wine, balsamic vinegar, olive oil, mint, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Leg of Lamb with Curly Endive and Romaine | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cups dry red wine; 6 tablespoons balsamic vinegar; 6 tablespoons olive oil; 6 tablespoons chopped fresh mint; 6 large garlic cloves, pressed; 1 1/2 tablespoons chopped fresh rosemary; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh oregano; 1 1/2 teaspoons salt; 1 teaspoon ground black pepper; 1 6 1/2-pound leg of lamb, butterflied (about 5 pounds butterflied); Nonstick vegetable oil spray; 2 heads of curly endive, quartered lengthwise through core with some core left intact; 3 hearts of romaine, halved lengthwise through core with some core left intact | INSTRUCTIONS: Whisk first 9 ingredients in medium bowl. Place lamb in 15x10x2-inch glass baking dish. Pour 1 1/2 cups marinade over, turning to coat. Cover. Chill 4 to 6 hours, turning occasionally. Reserve remaining marinade for endive and romaine; cover and chill. Spray grill with vegetable oil spray. Prepare barbecue (medium heat). Remove lamb from marinade, reserving marinade in dish. Grill until thermometer inserted into thickest part registers 125°F for medium-rare, basting often with reserved marinade and turning occasionally, about 30 minutes. Let stand 10 minutes. Brush endive and romaine with mari <END>
INPUT: Mexican, barbecued, chickens, Barbecue Sauce, onion, garlic, vegetable oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Barbecued Chicken | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2 chickens (2 1/2 to 3 pounds each), quartered, with backs removed; 1 recipe Barbecue Sauce, recipe follows; 1 1/2 cups chopped yellow onion (1 large onion); 1 tablespoon minced garlic (3 cloves); 1/2 cup vegetable oil; 1 cup tomato paste (10 ounces); 1 cup cider vinegar; 1 cup honey; 1/2 cup Worcestershire sauce; 1 cup Dijon mustard; 1/2 cup soy sauce; 1 cup hoisin sauce; 2 tablespoons chili powder; 1 tablespoon ground cumin; 1/2 tablespoon crushed red pepper flakes | INSTRUCTIONS: Marinate the chickens in 2/3 of the barbecue sauce for a few hours or overnight in the refrigerator. Heat the coals in a charcoal grill. Spread the bottom of the grill with a single layer of hot coals and then add a few more coals 5 minutes before cooking, which will keep the fire going longer. Place the chicken quarters on the grill, skin side down, and cook for about 45 minutes, turning once or twice to cook evenly on both sides. Brush with the marinade as needed. The chicken quarters are done when you insert a knife between a leg and thigh and the juices run clear. Discard any unused marina <END>
INPUT: franks, slaw, chicken frankfurters chicken, vegetable oil other, apple, onion, cabbage
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken Franks and Red Slaw-Kraut Dogs | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 8 chicken frankfurters or chicken sausage - pick a flavor that sounds like it will pair up well with the kraut, like apple and onion sausage; 3 tablespoons vegetable oil or other light oil, divided; 1 green apple, peeled and diced; 1 large red onion, thinly sliced; 1 small head red cabbage, quartered, cored and shredded; 1/4 teaspoon grated nutmeg, eyeball it; 1 teaspoon cumin seeds or 2 teaspoons ground cumin; 2 tablespoons grill seasoning (recommended: Montreal Steak Seasoning by McCormick); 1/4 cup cider vinegar, eyeball it; 3 tablespoons dark brown sugar; 8 frank rolls, split and toasted; Spicy brown mustard, to pass at the table | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Place the franks or chicken sausages in a medium skillet and add 1/2 inch water and about 1 tablespoon oil, 1 turn of the pan, to the skillet. Bring water to a boil then reduce heat to medium. In 10 minutes or so the water will cook off and the casings will begin to brown and crisp in the oil. Cook until casings are evenly browned, 2 to 3 minutes more. While the franks are working, heat a large skillet over medium high to high heat. Add 2 tablespoons of vegetable oil and the apples, onions and cabbage. Sear and toss the cabbage, wilting it down as the mixture coo <END>
INPUT: kalbigui, barbecued, beef short, romaine lettuce, Asian, Kosher salt taste
OUTPUT: TITLE: Kalbigui (Barbecued Short Ribs) | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 pounds beef short ribs, cut into 2 inch lengths and butterflied; 1 head romaine lettuce, separated into leaves, washed and dried; 1/4 cup Asian (dark) sesame oil; Kosher salt to taste | INSTRUCTIONS: Place the butterflied short ribs in a large nonreactive baking dish. In a large bowl mix the marinade ingredients together and pour the marinade over the ribs. Cover the dish, refrigerate and marinate for 3 to 4 hours. Preheat grill. Remove short ribs from marinade. Oil the grill. Over high heat grill the short ribs until the fat is crisp and charred about 3 to 4 minutes per side. Alternately, meat may be cooked under the broiler. Wrap 1 or 2 pieces of the short ribs in romaine leaf. Serve at once with dipping sauce as an accompaniment.; same as above . <END>
INPUT: American, pizza, packet active yeast, sugar, all purpose flour, wheat flour, kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fig, Prosciutto and Blue Cheese Pizza | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: One .25-ounce packet active dry yeast; 2 teaspoons sugar; 1 cup all-purpose flour, plus more for flouring the work surface; 1 cup whole-wheat flour; 1 teaspoon kosher salt; 2 tablespoons olive oil, plus more for coating the bowl; 4 slices prosciutto; 8 fresh figs, cut in half; 3 to 4 ounces blue cheese, crumbled | INSTRUCTIONS: For the dough: In a small bowl, combine the yeast with the sugar and 3/4 cup warm water. Let sit for 10 minutes until it begins to foam. In a large bowl, combine the all-purpose flour, whole-wheat flour and salt and make a well in the center. Add the yeast mixture and the olive oil. Using a fork, incorporate the wet ingredients with the dry ingredients until a dough forms. On a lightly floured surface, continue to work and then knead the dough until it is smooth and elastic, about 8 minutes. Lightly coat a clean bowl with additional olive oil and add the dough, turning once to coat the dough i <END>
INPUT: American, flan, sugar, water, cream cheese, condensed milk, eggs
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cream Cheese Flan | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cups sugar; 1 cup water, divided; 1 8-ounce package cream cheese, room temperature; 1 14-ounce can sweetened condensed milk; 5 large eggs; 1 large egg yolk; 1 cup canned evaporated milk; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; Pinch of salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350°F. Stir sugar and 1/2 cup water in heavy medium saucepan over medium-low heat until sugar dissolves. Increase heat and boil without stirring until syrup turns deep amber, occasionally brushing down sides of pan with wet pastry brush and swirling pan. Immediately pour caramel into 9x5x3-inch glass baking dish, tilting and rotating dish to coat bottom and 2 inches up sides with caramel. Cool. Using electric mixer, beat cream cheese in large bowl until smooth. Gradually beat in sweetened condensed milk, then eggs and yolk. Add evaporated milk, vanilla, salt, and remaining 1/2  <END>
INPUT: turkey sized plastic, roasting pan, turkey, Juniper Brine
OUTPUT: TITLE: Brining in a Bag | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 turkey-sized plastic oven bags or brining bags (see Cook's Note); 1 large roasting pan; 1 fresh or thawed frozen turkey (12 to 20 pounds), prepared for brining as directed above; 1 recipe Juniper Brine | INSTRUCTIONS: Nest 1 plastic oven bag inside the other to create a double thickness (see Cook's Note). Place the double bag, mouth open wide and facing up, in the roasting pan. Fold back the top one-third of the double bag to make a collar (this helps keep the bags open). Place the turkey inside the double bag. Unfold the collar of the double bag and pour the brine over the bird, then add 2 cups of cold water. Draw up the top of the inner bag, squeezing out as much air as possible, and secure it closed with a twist tie. Do the same with the outer bag. Turn the package so the turkey is breast side down in th <END>
INPUT: Indian, tandoori, kosher salt, chili powder, lemon juice, plain yogurt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tandoori Chicken | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 2 (2 1/2-pound) whole chickens; 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt; 1 teaspoon red chili powder; 4 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 6 tablespoons plain yogurt; 7 tablespoons heavy cream; 2 1/2 tablespoons ginger paste; 2 1/2 tablespoons garlic paste; 1 teaspoon ground cumin; 1/2 teaspoon garam masala powder*; 1 teaspoon saffron; 1/2 pound mixed salad greens; 1 lemon, cut into 4 wedges; 1 small onion, sliced; 4 tablespoons melted butter, for basting | INSTRUCTIONS: To prepare each chicken: Rinse under cold water and remove all the skin. With a sharp knife, make 3 deep incisions in each breast, 3 in each thigh and 2 on each drumstick. Then with a butcher knife, cut each chicken into quarters. First, cut the chicken in half down the middle. Second, cut the legs off where the thigh meets the body. Lastly, remove each breast, keeping the wings attached. Place the pieces of chicken on a large plate. To prepare the spice rub: In a small bowl, combine the salt, chili powder and lemon juice to make a thick paste. Rub the paste evenly over the chicken legs and br <END>
INPUT: cornbread, cornmeal, all purpose flour, sugar, baking powder
OUTPUT: TITLE: Bacon-Kale Cornbread | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Cooking spray; 1 1/2 cups yellow cornmeal; 1/4 cup all-purpose flour; 2 tablespoons sugar; 1 teaspoon baking powder; 1/2 teaspoon baking soda; Kosher salt; 1 egg; 1 cup milk; 1 cup sour cream or plain Greek yogurt; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted; 1/2 cup onion, chopped and sauteed; 1/2 cup kale, chopped and sauteed; 1/2 cup bacon or pancetta, cooked and crumbled | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Coat a 9-inch-square baking dish or a 9-inch cast-iron skillet with cooking spray. Whisk the cornmeal, flour, sugar, baking powder, baking soda and 1/4 teaspoon salt in a large bowl. In a separate bowl, whisk the egg, milk, sour cream and melted butter; whisk into the dry ingredients until combined. Fold in the onion, kale and bacon. Pour the batter into the prepared dish or skillet. Bake until the cornbread springs back when pressed in the center, 25 to 35 minutes. Let cool 15 minutes in the dish, then loosen the edges and slice. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, raspberry, sangria, Simple Syrup, peach, peach liqueur brandy, lime juice, raspberries
OUTPUT: TITLE: Peach, Raspberry and Lime Sangria | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup Simple Syrup, recipe follows; One 1-pound bag frozen peach slices, thawed; 1/2 cup peach liqueur or brandy, such as Matilde, DeKuyper or Bols; 1 tablespoon fresh lime juice; 1/2 cup fresh or frozen raspberries, thawed; 1 lime, thinly sliced; 1/4 cup chilled club soda; One 750ml bottle chilled prosecco or other sparkling white wine; 1 cup sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: Puree the Simple Syrup and 2 cups of the sliced peaches in a blender until smooth. Pour the puree into a glass pitcher. Add the peach liqueur and lime juice. Add the raspberries, lime slices and the remaining peach slices. Stir to blend. Refrigerate until ready to serve. Just before serving, add the club soda and prosecco. Ladle the sangria with some of each fruit into large wine goblets and serve. Combine the sugar and 1 cup water in a small saucepan over medium heat. Bring to a boil. Reduce the heat and simmer, stirring occasionally, until the sugar has dissolved, 5 minutes. Remove the pan f <END>
INPUT: sauce, garlic, Kosher salt, plain low fat, dill
OUTPUT: TITLE: Carrot and Yogurt Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 garlic clove; Kosher salt; 1 cup plain low-fat yogurt; 2 tablespoons (packed) finely grated carrot (use a Microplane grater); 1 tablespoon chopped fresh dill; 2 teaspoons (or more) fresh lemon juice; 1 teaspoon finely grated lemon zest; Freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Place garlic on a work surface. Sprinkle with salt and finely chop, occasionally smearing with side of knife to make a paste. Transfer to a medium bowl. Add yogurt, carrot, dill, 2 teaspoons lemon juice, and zest; whisk to combine. Season with salt, pepper, and more lemon juice, if desired. DO AHEAD: Can be made 1 day ahead. Cover and chill. Place garlic on a work surface. Sprinkle with salt and finely chop, occasionally smearing with side of knife to make a paste. Transfer to a medium bowl. Add yogurt, carrot, dill, 2 teaspoons lemon juice, and zest; whisk to combine. Season with salt, pepper <END>
INPUT: cocktails, sugar cubes, pear brandy, Prosecco
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pear Brandy Cocktails | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 sugar cubes; 6 teaspoons pear brandy; 1 chilled 750-ml bottle Prosecco | INSTRUCTIONS: Put a sugar cube in each of 6 Champagne flutes. Add 1 teaspoon pear brandy to each flute, then about 2/3 cup Prosecco. Put a sugar cube in each of 6 Champagne flutes. Add 1 teaspoon pear brandy to each flute, then about 2/3 cup Prosecco. <END>
INPUT: sauce, lager beer, shallots, chicken stock low, whipping cream, Dijon mustard
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mustard Cream Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 12-ounce bottle lager beer; 1/3 cup chopped shallots; 3 cups chicken stock or canned low-salt chicken broth; 1 1/2 cups whipping cream; 1/4 cup Dijon mustard; 2 tablespoons yellow mustard seeds | INSTRUCTIONS: Boil beer and shallots in heavy medium saucepan until reduced to 1/4 cup, about 12 minutes. Add stock and boil until reduced to 1 1/2 cups, about 10 minutes. Add cream and boil until reduced to 2 cups, about 10 minutes. Stir in mustard and mustard seeds. (Can be prepared 1 day ahead. Cover and refrigerate. Rewarm over medium-low heat before serving.) Boil beer and shallots in heavy medium saucepan until reduced to 1/4 cup, about 12 minutes. Add stock and boil until reduced to 1 1/2 cups, about 10 minutes. Add cream and boil until reduced to 2 cups, about 10 minutes. Stir in mustard and mustard <END>
INPUT: American, grasshopper, unsalted butter, chocolate wafer crumbs, chocolate, heavy cream, envelope unflavored gelatin
OUTPUT: TITLE: White-Chocolate Grasshopper Pie | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted; 1 1/2 cups chocolate wafer crumbs (about 30 cookies); 2 1/2 ounces white chocolate; 1 cup heavy cream; 1 envelope unflavored gelatin (2 1/2 teaspoons); 1/4 cup milk; 2 large egg yolks; 2 large eggs; 2 tablespoons sugar; 1/4 cup creme de menthe; 1/2 teaspoons peppermint extract, for extra zip; Chocolate curls or sprinkles | INSTRUCTIONS: For the Chocolate Wafer Crust: Coat a 9-inch pie pan with 2 teaspoons of the butter. In a food processor, chop the chocolate cookies into fine crumbs. Transfer to a small bowl and mix in the rest of the melted butter. Pat the mixture over the bottom and sides of the pan. Chill for at least 30 minutes. Set a rack in the middle of the oven and preheat to 350 degrees. Bake the pie crust for 8 to 10 minutes, until set and dry. Place on a rack to cool. For the Grasshopper Filling: Finely chop the white chocolate and put it in a medium bowl. In a small saucepan, over medium heat, bring 1/2 cup of th <END>
INPUT: sandwiches, four from center, all purpose flour, cornmeal, salt, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pork Loin Sandwiches | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: four 1-inch-thick slices from a boneless center-cut pork loin; 1 cup all purpose flour; 1/2 cup yellow cornmeal; 1 teaspoon salt; 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; vegetable oil for deep frying; 4 hamburger buns; Accompaniments: lettuce, tomato, mustard, and pickles | INSTRUCTIONS: Trim fat from pork loins. Arrange each pork loin between 2 sheets or lightly oiled parchment or wax paper and with a mallet pound until 6 to 8 inches across, about 1/4 inch thick. In a bowl whisk together lour, cornmeal, salt, and pepper. In a heavy skillet heat 1/2 inch oil to 365°F. in a deep-fat thermometer. Dredge pork in flour mixture, shaking off excess. Fry pork loins in oil, 1 at a time, turning, until golden brown, about 3 minutes, and transfer to a plate lined with paper towels to drain. Trim fat from pork loins. Arrange each pork loin between 2 sheets or lightly oiled parchment or w <END>
INPUT: sabayon, egg yolks, sugar, orange peel, champagne other sparkling
OUTPUT: TITLE: Orange-Champagne Sabayon | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 large egg yolks; 4 1/2 tablespoons sugar; 2 teaspoons finely grated orange peel; 3/4 cup champagne or other sparkling wine | INSTRUCTIONS: Whisk egg yolks, sugar, orange peel, and pinch of salt in medium metal bowl until well blended. Gradually whisk in champagne. Place bowl over saucepan of gently boiling water (do not let bottom of bowl touch water); whisk constantly until custard is thick and instant-read thermometer registers 170°F, about 4 minutes. Place bowl in larger bowl of ice and water. Whisk until sabayon is cool, 4 to 5 minutes. DO AHEAD: Can be made 4 hours ahead. Cover and chill. Whisk egg yolks, sugar, orange peel, and pinch of salt in medium metal bowl until well blended. Gradually whisk in champagne. Place bowl o <END>
INPUT: biscuits, all purpose flour, baking powder, sugar, salt, shortening
OUTPUT: TITLE: Buttermilk Biscuits | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups all-purpose flour, plus more for flouring; 2 teaspoons baking powder; 1 teaspoon sugar; 3/4 teaspoon salt; 1/2 cup shortening, such as Crisco; About 1 cup buttermilk | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper. Stir together the flour, baking powder, sugar and salt in a medium bowl. Use a pastry blender, two butter knives or your fingers to cut in the shortening until the mixture resembles coarse crumbs. Using a rubber spatula, gently fold in the buttermilk to make a soft dough. Use a little more buttermilk, if necessary, to keep the dough very soft. Lightly flour your table or countertop and dust your hands with flour. Turn the dough out onto the floured surface and gently pat it into a cake 1 1/2 inches high. Use a 3-inch  <END>
INPUT: Asian, shabu, prime quality beef, shiitake mushrooms, onions, spinach, block tofu
OUTPUT: TITLE: Shabu Shabu with Dipping Sauces | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 2 pounds prime quality beef, cut into paper thin slices, about 8 by 3-inches; 12 shiitake mushrooms, wiped, trimmed and crisscrossed on cap with a knife; 6 green onions, sliced diagonally into 2-inch lengths; 1/4 pound spinach, washed and stems trimmed; 1 block of tofu, about 10ounces, cut into cubes; 1/2 pound canned bamboo shoots, whole, washed, cut into 1/4-inch slices; 2 quarts Basic Dashi, recipe follows, or light beef stock; Dipping Sauces, recipes follow; 3 quarts cold water; 3 ounces giant kelp, (kombu); 3 ounces dried bonito flakes; 2 cups basic dashi; 2 tablespoons dark soy sauce; 2 tablespoons mirin; White vinegar to taste | INSTRUCTIONS: Arrange the meat attractively on a round platter, so that each slice can be easily picked up with chopsticks or a fondue fork. Arrange vegetables on a second platter. Fill a hot pot or nabe pot 2/3 full of dashi set on a burner on the table. Each diner picks up a piece of meat from the serving platter and swishes it around in the simmering broth until the red meat becomes pink, or cooked to the degree desired. Diners may alternate between meat and vegetables. The tofu breaks easily, so be careful when adding it to the pot. Diners eat from the pot, dipping the food into the dipping sauces which <END>
INPUT: bulk pork sausage, onion, crustless French bread, vacuum steamed chestnuts
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sausage Stuffing | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons (1/4 stick) butter; 1 12-ounce package bulk pork sausage, crumbled; 1 large onion, chopped; 4 cups coarsely ground crustless French bread; 1 7- to 8-ounce jar vacuum-packed steamed chestnuts, chopped; 1/2 cup canned low-salt chicken broth; 1/2 cup chopped fresh parsley; 2 teaspoons crumbled dried sage leaves; 2 teaspoons dried thyme | INSTRUCTIONS: Melt butter in heavy large skillet over medium-high heat. Add sausage and onion. Cook until sausage is cooked through, about 12 minutes. Remove from heat. Mix in remaining ingredients. Season with salt and pepper. Melt butter in heavy large skillet over medium-high heat. Add sausage and onion. Cook until sausage is cooked through, about 12 minutes. Remove from heat. Mix in remaining ingredients. Season with salt and pepper. <END>
INPUT: French, sauce, tarragon, chives, shallots, flat leaf parsley, mayonnaise
OUTPUT: TITLE: Poached Salmon with Tarragon Sauce | CUISINE: French | INGREDIENTS: 4 large bunches fresh tarragon (about 1 ounce total); 2 large bunches fresh chives (about 2/3 ounces); 2 large shallots; 1 1/2 cups fresh flat-leaf parsley; 2 cups mayonnaise; 2/3 cup rice vinegar (not seasoned); 4 teaspoons Dijon mustard; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 5 cups dry white wine; 5 cups water; 1 (6-pound) skin-on salmon fillet; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1/2 pound cooked sugar snap peas, diagonally cut into thirds, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Make the sauce: Pick enough tarragon leaves to measure 1 cup (do not pack). Chop enough chives to measure 2/3 cup. Coarsely chop shallot. In a food processor puree tarragon, chives, and shallot with remaining sauce ingredients until smooth and season with salt and pepper. (Sauce may be made 1 day ahead and chilled, covered. Bring sauce to cool room temperature before serving.) Make the salmon: Bring the wine and water to a simmer in a large, deep skillet with a tight-fitting lid. Cut salmon into 12 pieces and season with salt and pepper. Submerge 3 salmon pieces, skin sides down, in simmering  <END>
INPUT: fudge, sugar, unsweetened chocolate, butter, half half, corn syrup
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate Fudge | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 3/4 cups sugar; 4 ounces unsweetened chocolate; 3 tablespoons butter, plus more for greasing pan; 1 cup half-and-half; 1 tablespoon corn syrup; 1 tablespoon vanilla extract; 1 cup chopped, roasted nuts, optional | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Grease an 8 by 8-inch pan with butter. In a heavy-bottomed saucepan, combine the sugar, chocolate, 1 1/2 tablespoons of the butter, half-and-half, and corn syrup. Over medium heat, stir with a wooden spoon until sugar is dissolved and chocolate is melted. Increase heat and bring to a boil. Reduce heat to medium-low, cover, and boil for 3 minutes. Remove the cover and attach a candy thermometer to the pot. Cook until the thermometer reads 234 degrees F. Remove from the heat and add the remaining butter. Do not stir. Let the mixture cool for 10 minutes or until it  <END>
INPUT: sandwiches, loosely mint leaves, unsalted butter, cream cheese, wheat bread, length seedless cucumber
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cucumber Mint Tea Sandwiches | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup loosely packed fresh mint leaves, rinsed, spun dry, and chopped fine; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened; 2 tablespoons cream cheese; 6 slices of whole-wheat bread; a 3-inch length of seedless cucumber, cut into thin slices | INSTRUCTIONS: In a small bowl combine the mint, the butter, and the cream cheese and stir the mixture until it is combined well. Spread the bread slices with the butter mixture, top 3 of them with the cucumber, distributing the cucumber evenly and seasoning it with salt, and top the cucumber with the remaining bread slices. Cut off and discard the crusts and cut each sandwich diagonally into quarters. In a small bowl combine the mint, the butter, and the cream cheese and stir the mixture until it is combined well. Spread the bread slices with the butter mixture, top 3 of them with the cucumber, distributing <END>
INPUT: blcc, individual sponge cakes, lemon curd, raspberries, strawberries, canister whipped cream
OUTPUT: TITLE: BLCC: Berries, Lemon Curd Cakes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 small individual sponge cakes, sold in packages of 6 on baking aisle; 1 jar prepared lemon curd, any brand; 1/2 pint raspberries; 1/2 pint strawberries, hulled and sliced; 1 canister whipped cream; 2 teaspoons lemon zest | INSTRUCTIONS: Arrange sponge cake on serving dish. Remove lid from lemon curd jar and heat in microwave 30 seconds on high to warm and loosen. Fill cakes with curd sauce. Top curd sauce with berries, whipped cream and lemon zest. <END>
INPUT: bass, puree, balsamic vinegar, sugar, butter, Salt pepper, asparagus
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pan Roasted Filet Mignon with Asparagus Sea Bass with Roasted Cauliflower Puree | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup balsamic vinegar; 1 tablespoon brown sugar; 2 tablespoons butter; Salt and fresh ground black pepper; 1 1/2 pounds asparagus; 1 1/4 pounds filet mignon, cut into 6 equal portions; 3 tablespoons canola oil; Salt; Freshly ground black pepper; 4 tablespoons butter; 3 cloves garlic, smashed; 5 sprigs fresh thyme; Olive oil; 1 head cauliflower, florets and stems cut into large pieces; 1 Fuji apple, peeled, cored and sliced | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. In a small pot, over medium-low heat, add the vinegar and brown sugar, and whisk to combine. Cook and reduce until thick, about the consistency of maple syrup. Whisk in 2 tablespoons butter and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Serve drizzled over filet mignon and asparagus. For Filet and Asparagus: Slice the bottom 1 1/2 inches off the asparagus. Bring a large pot of water to a boil over medium heat. Add the asparagus and blanch for 1 minute. Remove from the water and shock in an ice bath. Transfer the asparagus from the ice bath to a sheet pan lined with a <END>
INPUT: gratin, pepper, fennel bulbs, onion, good olive oil, unsalted butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Potato-Fennel Gratin | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 2 small fennel bulbs; 1 yellow onion, thinly sliced; 2 tablespoons good olive oil; 1 tablespoon unsalted butter; 2 pounds russet potatoes (4 large potatoes); 2 cups plus 2 tablespoons heavy cream; 2 1/2 cups grated Gruyère cheese (1/2 pound); 1 teaspoon kosher salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Butter the inside of a 10-by-15-by-2-inch (10-cup) baking dish. Remove the stalks from the fennel and cut the bulbs in half lengthwise. Remove the cores and thinly slice the bulbs crosswise, making approximately 4 cups of sliced fennel. Saute the fennel and onions in the olive oil and butter on medium-low heat for 15 minutes, until tender. Peel the potatoes, then thinly slice them by hand or with a mandoline. Mix the sliced potatoes in a large bowl with 2 cups of cream, 2 cups of Gruyère, salt, and pepper. Add the sauteed fennel and onion and mix well. Pour t <END>
INPUT: American, cornbread, casserole, virgin olive oil, onions, assorted wild mushrooms, sage, thyme
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cornbread Casserole and Butternut Squash, Mushrooms, and Ancho Mole | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 2 1/2 cups chopped onions; 1 1/4 pounds assorted wild mushrooms (such as oyster, chanterelle, and portobello), coarsely chopped; 1 1/2 tablespoons chopped fresh sage; 4 teaspoons chopped fresh thyme; 3 large garlic cloves, chopped; 2 1/2 teaspoons ground cumin; 4 cups 1/2-inch cubes seeded peeled butternut squash (about 2 1/2 pounds); 2 cups drained rinsed black beans (from two 15-ounce cans); 2 cups diced tomatoes in juice (from two 14 1/2-ounce cans); 1/2 cup water; 4 cups Masa Harina (corn tortilla mix); 2/3 cup yellow cornmeal; 2 1/4 teaspoons salt; 3/4 teaspoon baking powder | INSTRUCTIONS: For filling: Heat oil in large pot over medium-high heat. Add onions; sauté until golden, about 10 minutes. Add mushrooms; sauté until tender, about 10 minutes. Add sage, thyme, garlic, and cumin; stir 1 minute. Add squash, beans, tomatoes with juice, and 1/2 cup water; bring to boil. Reduce heat to medium, cover, and simmer 8 minutes. Uncover and simmer until vegetables are tender and most of liquid has evaporated but mixture is still very moist, about 12 minutes. Season filling generously with salt and pepper. (Can be made 1 day ahead. Cool slightly. Cover; chill.) Heat oil in large pot over <END>
INPUT: soup, celery, onion, parsley parsley, thyme
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken Soup with Rice | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 (2-lb) rotisserie chicken; 3 celery ribs; 1 medium onion, quartered and left unpeeled; 6 fresh parsley sprigs plus 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley; 2 fresh thyme sprigs; 1 Turkish or 1/2 California bay leaf; 10 cups reduced-sodium chicken broth (80 fl oz); 2 medium carrots, cut into 1/4-inch-thick slices; 1/2 cup long-grain rice, rinsed | INSTRUCTIONS: Remove meat from chicken, reserving skin and bones. Coarsely chop 1 celery rib and put in a 6- to 8-quart pot along with chicken bones and skin, onion, parsley sprigs, thyme sprigs, bay leaf, and chicken broth. Simmer, partially covered, 1 hour. While broth is simmering, shred about half of chicken meat into 1-inch-long pieces (about 1/4 inch thick) to yield 1 1/2 cups meat, reserving remaining meat for another use. Cut remaining 2 celery ribs into 1/4-inch dice. Pour chicken broth through a fine-mesh sieve into a large bowl, pressing hard on solids with back of a ladle and then discarding the <END>
INPUT: smoked sweet paprika, granulated garlic, granulated onion, poultry seasoning, chicken tenders
OUTPUT: TITLE: Paprika-Buttermilk Chicken Tenders | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons smoked sweet paprika; 1 tablespoon granulated garlic; 1 tablespoon granulated onion; 1 tablespoon poultry seasoning; 2 pounds chicken tenders; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 cups buttermilk; 2 cups all-purpose flour; 2 tablespoons poppy seeds, if desired; 1 quart safflower, canola or sunflower oil for frying; 1 lemon | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine the smoked paprika, granulated garlic and onion, and poultry seasoning in a small bowl. Season the tenders with salt and pepper. Add 1/2 the spices to the buttermilk in a shallow dish. Combine the remaining spices with the flour and poppy seeds, in a second dish. Heat the oil in a heavy pot over medium to medium-high heat, about 350 degrees F. Using tongs dip chicken in the buttermilk, then the flour and repeat. Add the breaded tenders to the hot oil; do not crowd the pan. Cook the fingers in batches to a deep golden color, about 8 minutes per batch. Drain on a wire rack over paper tow <END>
INPUT: Italian, tomatoes, garlic, pepper flakes, virgin olive oil, kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cavatappi with Tomatoes, Arugula, and Ricotta | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 2 large tomatoes, cored, roughly chopped (about 4 cups); 1 garlic clove, minced; 2 teaspoons crushed red pepper flakes; 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil, plus more to taste; 1 teaspoon kosher salt, plus more to taste; 1 pound cavatappi (or other short pasta); 6 cups arugula, coarsely chopped; 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 4 ounces ricotta | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine tomatoes, garlic, red pepper flakes, 1/4 cup oil, and 1 tsp. salt in a large bowl. Cook cavatappi in a large pot of boiling salted water, stirring occasionally, until al dente. Drain pasta, reserving 1 cup pasta cooking liquid, and add to tomato mixture. Stir vigorously and add pasta cooking liquid and oil as needed to fully coat. Stir in arugula and black pepper and season with salt. Transfer pasta to a serving bowl or platter and dollop with ricotta. Serve immediately. Combine tomatoes, garlic, red pepper flakes, 1/4 cup oil, and 1 tsp. salt in a large bowl. Cook cavatappi in a large <END>
INPUT: Asian, shortbread cookies, sugar, unsalted butter, unflavored gelatin, milk
OUTPUT: TITLE: Ginger-Cream Tart with Raspberries | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups ground shortbread cookies (from two 5 1/3-oz packages); 1/4 cup sugar; 3 tablespoons cold unsalted butter, cut into pieces; 1 1/2 teaspoons unflavored gelatin; 2 tablespoons milk; 1/2 cup finely chopped crystallized ginger; 1/4 cup sugar; 1 teaspoon fresh lemon juice; 3/4 teaspoon salt; 2 cups heavy cream; 3/4 cup sour cream; Accompaniments: confectioners sugar and raspberries; Special equipment: a 10- by 1-inch round tart pan with a removable bottom | INSTRUCTIONS: Make shell: Preheat oven to 350°F. Blend ground shortbread, sugar, and butter in a food processor until mixture begins to clump together. Press onto bottom and up side of tart pan. Bake in middle of oven 15 minutes, then cool in pan on a rack. Preheat oven to 350°F. Blend ground shortbread, sugar, and butter in a food processor until mixture begins to clump together. Press onto bottom and up side of tart pan. Bake in middle of oven 15 minutes, then cool in pan on a rack. Make ginger cream: Sprinkle gelatin over milk in a small bowl and let stand 1 minute to soften. Transfer to a saucepan and c <END>
INPUT: Italian, straws, cream cheese, parmesan cheese, egg, Salt, phyllo dough
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cheese Straws in Pesto | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 8-ounce package cream cheese, softened; 1/4 cup grated parmesan cheese; 1 large egg, lightly beaten; Salt; 1 16-ounce package frozen phyllo dough (about 40 sheets), thawed; 1 stick unsalted butter, melted; Store-bought pesto, for dipping | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees. Combine the cream cheese, parmesan, egg and 1/4 teaspoon salt in a small bowl; mix well. Spoon into a resealable bag; snip off the corner to make a 1/4-inch-diameter opening. Unfold the stack of phyllo sheets on a clean surface. Working quickly to keep the dough from drying out, brush the top sheet all over with melted butter, then pipe the cheese filling along the long edge of the dough to within 1/2 inch of the ends. Fold the ends over the filling, then roll up the dough to make a straw. Place on a baking sheet; repeat with the remaining phyllo sheets and che <END>
INPUT: French, toast, unsalted butter, almonds, pure maple syrup, pure almond extract
OUTPUT: TITLE: Almond Croissant French Toast with Almond Butter Syrup | CUISINE: French | INGREDIENTS: 1 stick unsalted butter, cut in half; 4 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1/4 cup sliced almonds; 3/4 cup pure maple syrup; 1/4 teaspoon pure almond extract; 3 eggs; 3 egg yolks; 2 tablespoons pure cane sugar; 1 1/4 cups half-and-half; 1/4 teaspoon pure almond extract; 1/4 teaspoon pure vanilla extract; Pinch sea salt; 4 fresh all-butter croissants, sliced crosswise partway through, opened and flattened; Confectioners' sugar, for garnish; Fresh mint leaves, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: For the butter: Heat the butter in a heavy-duty saucepan over very low heat until it melts. Simmer gently until the foam rises to the top of the melted butter. Remove from heat and skim off the foam with a spoon. Line a mesh strainer with a few layers of cheesecloth or gauze and place over a bowl. Carefully pour the warm butter through the cheesecloth-lined strainer into a bowl, leaving behind any solids from the bottom of the pan. For the syrup: In a small saute pan over medium heat, melt the butter until it begins to shimmer. Add the almonds and saute until lightly golden brown. Add the syru <END>
INPUT: American, dressing, crumbled cheese, buttermilk, virgin olive oil, lemon juice, Kosher salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cherry Tomatoes with Buttermilk Blue Cheese Dressing | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup crumbled blue cheese; 1/2 cup buttermilk; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 bunch fresh chives, minced; 2 pints yellow cherry tomatoes, or red grape tomatoes, or both | INSTRUCTIONS: To prepare the dressing, place the blue cheese, buttermilk, and olive oil in a medium bowl and stir together with a fork, mashing a little to break up the cheese. Season with the lemon juice, salt, pepper, and chives. Set aside. Wash the tomatoes, and pat dry with a paper towel. Slice each tomato in half lengthwise and season with a pinch of salt. Add the tomatoes to the dressing mixture and toss to combine then garnish with freshly ground pepper, to taste. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, ceviche, bay scallops, onions, cilantro leaves, ginger, limes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mango Ceviche | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 pound bay scallops; 1/2 cup sliced green onions; 1/2 cup chopped fresh cilantro leaves; 1/2 tablespoon peeled and grated fresh ginger; 3 limes, juiced; 1 large mango, peeled, seeded, and diced; 1 head butter lettuce, cleaned | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large bowl, mix the scallops, green onions, cilantro, ginger, and lime juice until well combined. Cover and refrigerate for at least 1 hour. Remove the scallop mixture from the refrigerator and mix in the mango until well combined. Divide the butter lettuce leaves equally among 4 plates. Divide the scallop mixture evenly over top the lettuce and serve immediately. <END>
INPUT: Italian, parmigiana, unseasoned bread crumbs, basil, parsley, all purpose flour, eggs
OUTPUT: TITLE: Eggplant Parmigiana | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 3 cups unseasoned dry bread crumbs; 1 teaspoon dried basil; 1 teaspoon dried parsley; 2 cups all-purpose flour; 14 large eggs, lightly beaten; 1 1/4 cups (4 ounces) finely grated Pecorino Romano; 3 medium eggplant, peeled and sliced lengthwise 1/4-inch thick; Light olive oil, for frying; 6 cups Eleanora's Marinara Sauce, recipe follows; 2 teaspoons dried oregano; 4 cups (16 ounces) shredded aged mozzarella cheese; 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1 large onion finely diced; 1 tablespoon minced garlic (2 medium cloves); 3 (28-ounce) cans peeled whole tomatoes, pureed and strained | INSTRUCTIONS: Place rack in center of oven. Heat oven to 375 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper. Line a second baking sheet with paper towels. Set aside. Combine bread crumbs, basil, and parsley in a shallow dish. Place flour into a second shallow dish. Whisk together the eggs and 1 cup Pecorino Romano cheese. Pour egg mixture into a third larger shallow dish. Dip sliced eggplant in flour, shaking off any excess. Dip floured eggplant in egg mixture to coat both sides. Dip eggplant in seasoned bread crumbs to lightly coat both sides. Transfer to parchment-lined baking sheet. Set aside. Heat  <END>
INPUT: zucchini, virgin olive oil, garlic, Coarse salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Zucchini | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 10 medium zucchini, cut lengthwise into 1/2-inch slices; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1 tablespoon crushed garlic; Coarse salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Place slices of zucchini on the heated grill. Brush with olive oil and sprinkle over garlic. Cook over low heat until tender and golden brown, about 10 to 15 minutes.; <END>
INPUT: gulf, shrimp, Salt pepper, Barbeque sauce
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Gulf Shrimp | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 16 medium shrimp, shell on; Salt and freshly ground pepper; Barbeque sauce (your favorite brand) | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: Metal or wooden skewers (wooden ones soaked in water for 20 minutes) Preheat your grill to medium heat. Slide the shrimp onto skewers, putting 4 shrimp on each. Sprinkle the skewers with salt and pepper. Grill the shrimp until they are opaque and fully cooked through, about 2 to 3 minutes on each side. Remove the shrimp from the grill and brush with barbeque sauce. Serve immediately. <END>
INPUT: Italian, layered, pizza, apricot preserves, skim ricotta cheese, pears, granola
OUTPUT: TITLE: Layered Pear Pizza with Ricotta, Apricot Preserves, and Granola | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup apricot preserves; 1 (9 or 10-inch) refrigerated pie crust; 1/2 cup part-skim ricotta cheese; 2 or 3 ripe pears, peeled, cored, and thinly sliced; 1/2 cup granola; Mint, to garnish, if desired | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. In a bowl, microwave the apricot preserves for 15 seconds. Unroll the refrigerated pie crust onto a large baking sheet. Spread the ricotta cheese all over pie crust, to within 1/4-inch of the edges. Top ricotta with pear slices, slightly fanning out the pears. Brush pears with apricot preserves. Bake for 10 to 12 minutes, or until the crust is golden brown. Top the pizza with granola just before serving and garnish with fresh mint, if desired. <END>
INPUT: American, sandwich, egg yolk, wine vinegar champagne, Kosher salt, vegetable grapeseed oil, virgin olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Ultimate Ham Sandwich | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 large egg yolk (from a pasteurized egg); 1 tablespoon white wine vinegar or champagne vinegar; Kosher salt; 1/2 cup vegetable or grapeseed oil; 1/2 cup extra-virgin olive oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Spread Homemade Mayonnaise (recipe follows) on a thick slice of crusty white or rye bread. Top with Bibb lettuce, sliced tomato, thick slices of leftover ham, a few dill pickle slices and sliced cheddar cheese. Spread whole-grain mustard on another slice of bread, then close the sandwich. Whisk the egg yolk, vinegar and 1 tablespoon water in a medium nonreactive heatproof bowl (glass or ceramic). Fill a large bowl with ice water and set aside. Bring 2 inches water to a simmer in a saucepan over medium-low heat. Set the bowl with the yolk mixture over the saucepan (do not let the bowl touch the <END>
INPUT: virgin olive oil, pancetta, butter, Golden Delicious apples, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pork Chops with Apples and Pancetta | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 5 teaspoons extra-virgin olive oil; 3 ounces thinly sliced pancetta, coarsely chopped; 1 tablespoon butter; 2 large Golden Delicious apples, peeled, cored, cut into 1/2-inch-thick slices (about 3 cups); 1/2 teaspoon sugar; Four 8-ounce bone-in center-cut pork chops (each about 3/4-inch thick); 1 1/4 teaspoons kosher salt; 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 1/2 cup heavy whipping cream; 1/4 cup brandy; 1/4 cup unsweetened apple juice; 2 teaspoons chopped fresh thyme; 1 medium onion, finely diced | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. In a large nonstick skillet, heat 2 teaspoons of the oil over medium-high heat. Add the pancetta and cook until crisp and light golden, about 3 minutes. Using a slotted spoon, remove the pancetta and drain on paper towels. Melt the butter in the same skillet. Add the apples and sprinkle with the sugar and cook until tender and deep golden brown, stirring frequently, about 5 minutes. Transfer the apples and any juices from skillet to a small bowl. Sprinkle the pork chops with 1 teaspoon of the salt and 3/4 teaspoon of the pepper. Add the pork chops and 2 teaspoons <END>
INPUT: empanadas, Non, puff pastry, cajeta caramel sauce, Monterrey jack cheese, pineapple
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sweet and Easy Pineapple Empanadas | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Non-stick cooking spray; One 1-pound package frozen puff pastry, thawed; 1/3 cup cajeta or thick caramel sauce; 1/2 cup finely grated Monterrey jack cheese; 1/4 cup pineapple, peeled and diced into 1/2-inch cubes (about 1 cup); 2 eggs, beaten and blended with 1 tablespoon water; All-purpose flour, for dusting; 2 tablespoons demarara or light brown sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Special equipment: a 3-inch round cookie cutter or a clean 3-inch diameter can with the top removed Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Spray a large baking sheet with nonstick cooking spray. Unfold 1sheet of puff pastry on lightly floured surface. Using a 3-inch cookie cutter or a 3-inch diameter can with the top removed, cut out 9 circles of dough. Repeat with the remaining puff pastry sheet. Put a scant teaspoon of cajeta in center of each round. Top each with a sprinkling of grated cheese and 3 or 4 pieces of pineapple. Brush the edge of each circle with the e <END>
INPUT: Mexican, olive oil, beef shoulder, Sea salt pepper, ancho chili powder, coriander
OUTPUT: TITLE: Beef Chili | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons olive oil; 3 pounds beef shoulder, cut into large cubes; Sea salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 tablespoons ancho chili powder; 1 tablespoons ground coriander; 1 tablespoon ground cumin; 1 tablespoon sweet paprika; 1 tablespoon dried oregano; 1/4 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 2 onions, diced; 10 garlic cloves, halved; 3 canned chipotle peppers in adobo, chopped; 1 jalapeno, seeded and chopped; 1 teaspoon sugar; 2 tablespoons tomato paste | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. In a large soup pot, heat the olive oil. Season the beef shoulder all over with salt and pepper, add it to the pot and brown it. As it's browning stir in the chili powder, coriander, cumin, paprika, oregano and cinnamon. Lower the temperature under the meat to "toast" the spices. In a food processor puree the onions, garlic, chipotle peppers, jalapeno, tomato paste and sugar and add it to the pot. Increase the heat to medium to steam vegetables a little and sweeten the peppers. Add enough water to cover by 1 inch, about 1 quart, and add tomatoes with their liquid <END>
INPUT: American, buffalo, melted, champagne vinegar, honey, Dijon mustard, shallots, Juice from Florida
OUTPUT: TITLE: Smoked Buffalo with Melted Fennel, Leeks, and Hearts of Palm Salad with Florida Orange Vinaigrette | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup champagne vinegar; 1 tablespoon honey; 1/2 teaspoon Dijon mustard; 1/2 teaspoon minced shallots; Juice from 10 Florida oranges, cooked until reduced to 1/4cup juice; 1 1/2 cups grape seed oil; Coarse Florida Keys salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 cup fresh hearts of palm, sliced in half-rounds; 1 cup jicama, diced small; 1/2 cup radish, diced small; Coarse Florida Keys salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1/4 cup olive oil; 1 pound fennel, thinly sliced, bulb only; 1 pound leeks, white parts only, thinly sliced; 1 cup white wine | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. For the vinaigrette: Stir together the vinegar, honey, mustard, shallots and orange juice in a small mixing bowl. Slowly whisk in the grape seed oil. Season with salt and pepper. For the hearts of palm salad: Mix together the hearts of palm, jicama and radishes, and season with salt and pepper. For the leeks and fennel: Heat the oil in a saute pan over medium heat. Saute the fennel until translucent, about 5 minutes. Add the leeks and saute until juices are released, about 5 minutes. Stir in the wine to deglaze the pan; cook until the liquid is reduced and ha <END>
INPUT: Asian, potstickers, vegetable oil, shrimp, onion, carrot, cabbage
OUTPUT: TITLE: Shrimp and Vegetable Potstickers | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons vegetable oil; 1/2 pound raw shrimp, peeled, deveined and roughly chopped; 1/2 cup chopped white onion; 1 large carrot, finely chopped (about 1/3 cup); 1 cup chopped green cabbage; 1/2 cup shiitake mushroom caps, thinly sliced and chopped; 1/2 teaspoon dry chili pepper flakes; 2 tablespoons sesame oil; 1/4 cup low sodium soy sauce; 3 tablespoons rice wine vinegar; 3 tablespoons sugar; Salt and pepper to taste; 1 package wonton wrappers, preferably round; 1/4 cup water; 1/2 cup honey | INSTRUCTIONS: In large skillet or a wok heat the vegetable oil until hot. Add the shrimp, onion, carrot, cabbage and mushrooms and quickly stir fry while combining the ingredients. Add the pepper flakes, sesame oil, soy sauce, vinegar and sugar, adjust the seasoning and pour out onto a cookie sheet to cool. When the mixture is cool, begin making the potstickers. Lay out one wonton, brush the edge with water and put 1 teaspoon of the filling into the middle of the wonton. Fold the edge over on the diagonal to form a packet. Trim the edges to eliminate any square corners. Dust the finished potstickers with a  <END>
INPUT: Italian, manicotti, virgin olive oil, onion, Kosher salt, pepper flakes, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pork, Spinach, and Ricotta Manicotti | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: Extra-virgin olive oil; 1 large onion, cut into 1/2-inch dice; Kosher salt; Pinch crushed red pepper flakes; 3 cloves garlic, smashed and finely chopped; 1 pound bulk fennel pork sausage; 1 pound baby spinach, washed and cut into 1-inch lengths; 2 cups ricotta cheese; 1 1/2 cups grated Parmigiano-Reggiano, plus extra for serving; 2 eggs; Bechamel Sauce, recipe follows; 1/2 recipe Basic Tomato Sauce, recipe follows; 1 recipe Basic Crepes, recipe follows; 3 tablespoons butter; 1/2 small white onion, cut into 1/2-inch dice | INSTRUCTIONS: Filling: Coat a large saute pan with olive oil, add the onions and put the pan over medium heat. Season the onions with salt, to taste, and add a pinch of crushed red pepper flakes. Saute until the onions are translucent and very aromatic, about 7 to 8 minutes. Stir in the garlic and saute for 3 to 4 more minutes. Add the pork sausage and cook until nicely browned. Stir in the spinach, season with salt, to taste, and saute until the spinach is wilted, about 2 to 3 minutes. Remove from the heat and let cool. In a large bowl, add the ricotta, 1 cup of grated Parmigiano, the eggs and 1 cup of bec <END>
INPUT: American, vegetables, cremini mushrooms, onion, cauliflower, thyme, pepper flakes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Prosciutto and Pickled Vegetables With Cheese | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 pound cremini mushrooms,stems removed, caps sliced thin; 1/2 small red onion, sliced thin; 1/4 head cauliflower, sliced thin on a mandoline; 3 sprigs thyme, leaves picked; Pinch of red pepper flakes; 1/4 cup red wine vinegar; Kosher salt; 1 cup coarsely grated parmigiano-reggiano cheese; 1/2 pound prosciutto, sliced thin; 2 cups baby arugula; Big fat finishing oil (such as good-quality Sicilian extra-virgin olive oil) | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine the mushrooms, onion, cauliflower, thyme, red pepper flakes, vinegar and salt to taste in a bowl. Toss well to combine, cover and let sit outside of the fridge for at least an hour, stirring once or twice. This will sort of cook the veggies and lightly pickle them. Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. On a large baking sheet lined with a silicone mat or parchment paper, make 4 flat circles of parmigiano-reggiano. Bake 8 to 9 minutes, or until the cheese looks golden and lacy. Remove the cheese rounds from the oven and let cool on the baking sheet for 1 to 2 minutes, then loosen them with <END>
INPUT: Italian, shell pasta elbow, heavy whipping cream, petite peas, Parmesan cheese additional, mint
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pasta with Peas, Cream, Parsley, and Mint | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 16-ounce package large shell pasta or elbow pasta; 1 1/4 cups heavy whipping cream; 1 16-ounce package frozen petite peas (do not thaw); 2 1/4 cups freshly grated Parmesan cheese plus additional for serving; 1/4 cup chopped fresh mint; 1/2 cup chopped fresh Italian parsley, divided | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook pasta in large pot of boiling salted water until just tender but still firm to bite, stirring occasionally. Drain, reserving 1/2 cup pasta cooking liquid. Return pasta to pot. Meanwhile, bring cream to simmer in large skillet over medium-high heat. Add peas and simmer just until heated through, 1 to 2 minutes. Add 2 1/4 cups cheese and stir until melted and sauce thickens slightly, about 1 minute. Stir in mint and 1/4 cup parsley. Pour sauce over pasta and toss to coat, adding pasta cooking liquid by tablespoonfuls if dry. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Transfer to bowl. Sprinkle w <END>
INPUT: stewed, Salt pepper, thyme, garlic, oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Stewed Chicken | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 (4 pound) chicken cut into pieces; Salt and pepper, to taste; 1 1/2 tablespoons dried thyme; 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped or 1 tablespoon garlic powder; 2 tablespoons oil; 2 tablespoons flour, mixed with 2 tablespoons water; 1 small yellow onion, chopped; 1 pound dried red beans; 1 tablespoon dried thyme; 1/4 cup chopped yellow onion; 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped; 1 tablespoon black pepper; 2 tablespoons salt; 1 (6-ounce) can coconut milk; 2 pounds white rice | INSTRUCTIONS: For the chicken: Season chicken with salt, pepper, thyme and garlic. Heat two tablespoons of oil in large frying pan over moderately high heat. Brown chicken, turning pieces once, about 4 minutes per side. Add a few teaspoons of water to skillet. Repeat a few times and then add watered flour to make a gravy. As chicken browns, add onions, cover pan and simmer on low heat for 10 to 15 minutes so chicken will stew. (Typically back home in Belize onion was the only vegetable used with the chicken, however many Belizians that are now in the Unites States add bell pepper and tomatoes to this dish.) <END>
INPUT: tawny port, granulated sugar, vanilla bean
OUTPUT: TITLE: Figs Poached in Port | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 cups tawny port; 1 1/2 cups granulated sugar; 1 vanilla bean, split and scraped; 1 (3-inch) cinnamon stick; 1 (3-inch) strips orange peel; 8 whole black peppercorns; 12 black mission figs, ripe yet firm | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine the port sugar, vanilla pods and seeds, cinnamon, orange peel and peppercorns in a large saucepan. Bring to a boil and reduce the heat. Simmer until the liquid has the consistency of a light syrup, about 20 minutes. You will have about 1 1/2 cups of syrup. Add the figs and simmer for 15 to 20 minutes. Turn off the heat and cool the figs in the syrup. Serve the figs in a bowl with their juices spooned over. <END>
INPUT: Italian, relish, plum tomatoes, olive oil, Salt pepper, onion, balsamic vinegar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Eggplant with Fresh Ricotta and Grilled Tomato-Basil Relish | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 8 ripe plum tomatoes, cut in half lengthwise; 5 tablespoons olive oil; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 small red onion, cut in half and thinly sliced; 2 tablespoons balsamic vinegar; 1/4 cup finely chopped fresh basil plus fresh leaves, for garnish; 8 slices (2 medium eggplants, ends trimmed and cut crosswise into 1/2-inch thick slices); 6 tablespoons olive oil; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 16 ounces fresh sheep's milk ricotta; 1/4 cup finely chopped fresh flat-leaf parsley leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat your grill to high. Place the tomatoes in a bowl and toss with 2 tablespoons of the oil and season with salt and pepper. Place tomatoes on the grill and grill until charred on all sides, and just cooked through, about 10 minutes. Remove from the grill and coarsely chop. Put the chopped tomatoes in a bowl, add the remaining 3 tablespoons of oil, onion, vinegar and basil and gently mix until combined. Let sit at room temperature for 30 minutes before serving. Can be made 4 hours in advance and refrigerated. Bring to room temperature before serving. Brush eggplant slices on both sides with t <END>
INPUT: napoleans, heavy cream, sour cream, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Quick Pear Napoleans | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 package (1 pound) frozen all-butter puff pastry in 1 piece, thawed; 1/2 cup chilled heavy cream; 1/2 cup sour cream; 1 cup sugar; 2 (14-ounce) cans pear halves in light syrup, drained, reserving syrup; 2 tablespoon unsalted butter; Garnish: confectioners sugar for dusting | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 400°F with rack in upper third. Roll out pastry with a floured rolling pin on a lightly floured surface into about a 16-inch square. Trim edges. Transfer to a parchment-lined baking sheet and place another baking sheet on top. Bake until golden and cooked through, 15 to 18 minutes. Remove top baking sheet from pastry and transfer pastry to a rack to cool completely. While pastry cools, beat heavy cream with an electric mixer until it just holds soft peaks. Fold in sour cream gently but thoroughly. Meanwhile, cook sugar in a dry large heavy skillet over medium heat until it begi <END>
INPUT: Mexican, gazpacho, tomatillos, poblano chile, garlic, vegetable broth
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tomatillo-Pepita Gazpacho | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup (generous) unsalted shelled pepitas (about 2 1/2 ounces); 2 pounds tomatillos, husked, rinsed; 1 large fresh poblano chile; 1 garlic clove, pressed; 1 cup vegetable broth; 1/3 cup chopped green onion; 1/4 cup chopped fresh cilantro; 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 1 small unpeeled English hothouse cucumber, diced; 1 avocado, peeled, pitted, diced; 1 12-ounce container cherry tomatoes, halved or quartered if large | INSTRUCTIONS: Prepare barbecue (medium-high heat). Finely grind pepitas in processor; leave in processor. Grill tomatillos and poblano chile until tomatillos are slightly charred and soft and chile is charred all over, turning occasionally, 12 to 15 minutes. Add tomatillos to processor. Peel, seed, and coarsely chop chile; add to processor. Add garlic; process soup to coarse puree. Transfer to large bowl. Stir in vegetable broth. Season soup with salt and pepper. Cover; chill until cold, about 3 hours. Mix in green onion and all remaining ingredients. Divide soup among bowls. Prepare barbecue (medium-high h <END>
INPUT: American, icon, molten, butter margarine, flour, milk, chicken broth, mustard
OUTPUT: TITLE: Icon's Ultimate Macaroni and Cheese with Molten Cheese Sauce | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 4 tablespoons butter or margarine; 4 tablespoons flour; 1 cup milk; 2 cups chicken broth; 1 pinch dry mustard; 1 splash hot pepper sauce; Splash Worcestershire sauce; Salt and pepper; 1 cup fresh bread crumbs (either buy them or remove the crust off of some old bread and shop fine in a food processor); 1/4 pound finely grated Parmesan; 1 tablespoon seasoning salt; 8 (1-inch) cubes pasteurized prepared cheese product; 1/4 pound sharp yellow cheddar; 1 pound elbow macaroni; 3/4 pound sharp yellow cheddar | INSTRUCTIONS: For the Macaroni and Cheese Sauce Base: Melt butter in a 4-quart saucepot over medium high heat. Add flour and mix until flour is incorporated into butter. Cook, stirring frequently for 2 minutes. Add milk and chicken broth and continue to cook until sauce is thick and bubbly. Remove from heat and season with mustard, hot pepper sauce, Worcestershire, salt and pepper. Allow to cool before using. For the Topping: Mix all ingredients in a bowl and set aside For the Molten Cheese Sauce: Take about 1/2 cup of the sauce base and warm over a medium burner in a small saucepan. When warm, add cheese a <END>
INPUT: American, croquettes, spiced, membrillo, sherry vinegar, Aleppo style pepper, lemon juice, all purpose flour
OUTPUT: TITLE: Goat Cheese Croquettes With Spiced Membrillo | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 8 ounces membrillo (quince paste); 2 tablespoons sherry vinegar; 1 tablespoon Aleppo-style pepper; 1 teaspoon fresh lemon juice; 1 cup all-purpose flour, plus more for hands; 8 ounces chilled fresh goat cheese; 1 1/2 cups panko (Japanese breadcrumbs); 2 large eggs; Vegetable oil (for frying; about 6 cups); Kosher salt; A deep-fry thermometer | INSTRUCTIONS: Spiced Membrillo: Pulse membrillo, vinegar, Aleppo-style pepper, and lemon juice in a food processor until smooth. Transfer to a small bowl. Pulse membrillo, vinegar, Aleppo-style pepper, and lemon juice in a food processor until smooth. Transfer to a small bowl. Croquettes: Using floured hands, form a heaping tablespoonful of goat cheese into a 1 1/2"-long log. Transfer to a parchment-lined baking sheet. Repeat with remaining cheese to make 15 more logs. Chill until firm, about 20 minutes. Pulse panko in a food processor until very finely ground; transfer to a shallow bowl. Whisk eggs and 1 T <END>
INPUT: American, strawberry, heavy cream, goat cheese, long stem strawberries, mint leaves, brioche
OUTPUT: TITLE: Long Stem Strawberry Stuffed with Purple Haze Goat Cheese | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons heavy cream; 1/2 pound goat cheese (recommended: Purple Haze); 5 long stem strawberries; 10 fresh mint leaves; 1/4 pound fresh brioche; Olive oil, for brushing; Salt; Freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Whip heavy cream into goat cheese until mixture is smooth and creamy. Prepare strawberries by picking leaves off of the stem and cutting them in half. Use a melon baller to scoop out a hole in the strawberry. Using a pastry bag and tip, pipe goat cheese filling into the strawberry. Garnish with mint leaves. Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Cut brioche into cracker size pieces. Brush with olive oil and season with salt and pepper. Toast in oven until hard like a cracker. When cooled, pipe just a little goat cheese on the cracker and top with a filled strawberry. <END>
INPUT: stew, butter, Spanish onion, lobster stock, cubed potatoes, carrot
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lobster Stew | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons butter; 1 cup diced Spanish onion (diced in a food processor); 2 cups lobster stock (purchase from a reputable seafood market or make from scratch using lobster carcasses, mirepoix, herbs); 2 cups 1/2-inch cubed potatoes; 1 1/2 cups diced carrot; 1 1/2 cups diced celery; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh chives; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh parsley leaves; 1/8 teaspoon cayenne pepper; 2 cups (1 pint) heavy cream; 1 1/2 cups whole milk; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil; 1 pound fresh lobster meat, coarsely chopped into 2-inch pieces; 1/3 cup sherry wine | INSTRUCTIONS: In a stockpot, melt the butter over low heat until bubbling. Do not burn. Add the onions and caramelize over medium heat; do not let them brown. Add the lobster stock, potatoes, carrots, celery, chives, parsley, cayenne and 1 1/2 cups water. Season with salt and pepper and bring to a boil over medium heat. Reduce the heat and simmer until the potatoes are cooked (soft but hold up), about 15 minutes. Add the cream and milk and bring to a boil. Immediately turn down the heat. While the cream and milk are warming, heat the extra-virgin olive oil in a saute pan over medium-high heat. Once the oil  <END>
INPUT: Indian, sauce, canola oil, Handful mint leaves, Spanish onion, Granny Smith apple, Mesa Curry Powder
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Halibut with Corn-Coconut Curry Sauce and Grilled Cherry Tomato Chutney | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons canola oil; Handful fresh mint leaves, for serving; 1 small Spanish onion, finely diced; 1/2 small Granny Smith apple, cored and diced; 3 heaping tablespoons Mesa Curry Powder, recipe follows; 3 cups fish stock or vegetable stock; 2 cups unsweetened coconut milk; 4 ears corn, grilled and kernels removed; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 large skinless halibut fillet, preferably center cut (about 2 pounds); Canola oil; Handful fresh cilantro leaves, for serving; Grilled Cherry Tomato Chutney, recipe follows; 3 tablespoons ancho chile powder; 2 teaspoons ground coriander | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. For the sauce: Heat the oil in a medium saute pan over high heat. Add the onions, apples and Mesa Curry Powder and cook until the onions and apples soften, stirring occasionally, about 5 minutes. Add the stock, bring to a boil, reduce the heat and simmer, uncovered, for 20 minutes. Add the coconut milk and three-quarters of the corn kernels. Simmer, uncovered, until slightly thickened, another 25 to 30 minutes. Strain the finished sauce into a large bowl, add the remaining corn and taste for seasoning. Preheat a grill for direct and indirect grilling. Brush the h <END>
INPUT: Asian, rice wine vinegar, sugar, salt, apples, raspberry preserves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Apple Sushi | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1/8 cup rice wine vinegar; 2 teaspoons sugar; Pinch salt; 2 green apples (peeled and sliced paper thin); 4 tablespoons raspberry preserves; 1/2 cup chopped strawberries; Freshly chopped fresh mint leaves, for garnish; 1/2 cup chopped green onions or chives; 1/2 pound sushi rice | INSTRUCTIONS: For the sushi rice: Place the rice into a mixing bowl and cover with cool water. Swirl the rice in the water, pour off and repeat 2 to 3 times or until the water is clear. Place the rice and 2 cups of water into a medium saucepan and place over high heat. Bring to a boil, uncovered. Once it begins to boil, reduce the heat to the lowest setting and cover. Cook for 15 minutes. Remove from the heat and let stand, covered, for 10 minutes. Combine the rice vinegar, sugar and salt in a small microwave bowl and heat in the microwave on high for 30 to 45 seconds. Transfer the rice into a large wooden  <END>
INPUT: Mexican, ceviche, US farm raised, grapefruit zest, lime zest, grapefruit juice, lime juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Catfish Ceviche | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound US farm-raised catfish fillets, cut into 1/2-inch pieces; 1 teaspoon grapefruit zest; 1 teaspoon lime zest; 1/2 cup freshly squeezed grapefruit juice; 1/3 cup freshly squeezed lime juice; 1 medium tomato, seeded and diced; 1 small red onion, finely diced; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 4 cloves garlic, thinly sliced; 1 jalapeno, seeded and minced; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh cilantro leaves; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh oregano leaves; 1 1/2 teaspoons kosher salt; 1/2 teaspoon turbinado sugar; 1/2 teaspoon toasted and ground cumin | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Put the catfish, grapefruit zest, lime zest, grapefruit juice, and lime juice into a large resealable bag. Put the bag into a leak-proof container and refrigerate for 4 to 8 hours, turning 2 to 3 times, during this time, to evenly distribute the marinade. Drain the marinade and put the fish into a large serving bowl. Add the tomato, onion, olive oil, garlic, jalapeno, cilantro, oregano, salt, sugar, cumin, and avocado and stir gently to combine. Cover and refrigerate for 30 minutes prior to serving. <END>
INPUT: frangipane, tart, all purpose flour, sugar, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Peach and Pistachio Frangipane Tart | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/4 cups all purpose flour; 1/3 cup sugar; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 6 tablespoons (3/4 stick) chilled unsalted butter, cut into 1/2-inch cubes; 3 tablespoons (or more) ice water; 1 large egg yolk; 1/2 cup plus 2 tablespoons shelled natural unsalted pistachios (about 3 ounces); 1/4 cup plus 1 tablespoon sugar; 2 teaspoons grated orange peel; 1/8 teaspoon baking powder; 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, room temperature; 1 large egg; 1 1/2 pounds peaches (about 4 large), peeled, halved, pitted, each half cut into 4 slices; 3 tablespoons strained apricot jam | INSTRUCTIONS: For crust: Mix flour, sugar, and salt in processor. Add butter; using on/off turns, cut in until coarse meal forms. Add 3 tablespoons ice water and egg yolk; process until moist clumps form, adding more ice water by teaspoonfuls if mixture is too dry. Gather dough into ball and flatten into disk. Wrap in plastic and refrigerate 1 hour. (Can be prepared 1 day ahead. Keep refrigerated.) Roll out dough on lightly floured surface to 12-inch round. Transfer to 9-inch-diameter tart pan with removable bottom. Trim overhang to 1 inch. Fold in overhang and press, forming double-thick sides. Chill 30 mi <END>
INPUT: water, sugar, cream tartar, food coloring, Special candy
OUTPUT: TITLE: Boiled Sugar | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cups cold water; 4 1/2 cups sugar; 1/2 teaspoon cream of tartar; 1 teaspoon black food coloring; Special Equipment: candy thermometer, pastry brush, silpat mat or marble, metal cookie cutters or cake ring to act as a mold | INSTRUCTIONS: Clip a candy thermometer to the side of a medium, heavy pot. Place water, sugar and cream of tartar in pot and bring to a boil over medium-high heat, stirring constantly with a whisk. As the syrup comes to a boil, any impurities in the sugar will rise to the surface; remove these using a small stainless steel sieve or strainer. Using a clean brush dipped in clean water, wash the sides of the pan down to ensure that no crystals form around the edge of the pan. Add the black food coloring. Continue boiling, washing the pan sides down regularly until the syrup reaches 340 degrees F, and then plac <END>
INPUT: Mexican, relish, olive oil, pork tenderloin, Kosher salt, Medjool dates, orange juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pork Tenderloin with Date and Cilantro Relish | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons olive oil, divided; 1 pork tenderloin (about 1 1/2 pounds); Kosher salt, freshly ground pepper; 2/3 cup Medjool dates (about 4 ounces), cut into small pieces; 2 tablespoons fresh orange juice; 3 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro plus leaves for serving | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 425°F. Heat 1 tablespoon oil in a large ovenproof skillet over medium-high heat. Season pork with salt and pepper and cook, turning, until browned on all sides, 6–8 minutes. Transfer skillet to oven and cook pork until an instant-read thermometer inserted in thickest part registers 140°F, 10–15 minutes. Transfer pork to a cutting board and let rest at least 5 minutes before slicing; set aside pan drippings. Toss dates, orange juice, reserved pan drippings, 3 tablespoons chopped cilantro, and remaining 2 tablespoons oil in a small bowl; season with salt and pepper. Spoon relish  <END>
INPUT: seafood, broth, celery root, table salt, water
OUTPUT: TITLE: Seafood in Celery Root and Lovage Broth | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 pound celery root (sometimes called celeriac), peeled with a knife and cut into 1/2-inch pieces (1 1/3 cups); 2 (6-inch) fresh lovage sprigs, coarsely chopped, or 1/4 cup coarsely chopped tender inner leaves from celery ribs; 1 teaspoon table salt; 4 cups water; 1/2 stick (1/4 cup) unsalted butter; 1 1/2 pound oyster mushrooms, trimmed; 1 cup diced (1/3-inch) fennel bulb (sometimes called anise; 5 ounces); 1/2 cup diced (1/3-inch) sweet onion such as Vidalia or Walla Walla (2 1/2 ounces); 1 cup dry white wine; 1/2 cup heavy cream; 12 large sea scallops (1pound ), tough muscle removed from side of each if necessary; 12 jumbo shrimp (10 to 15 per pound ), peeled; 12 shucked Kumamoto oysters in their liquor; 1/4 teaspoon coarsely ground black pepper; Coarse sea salt to taste | INSTRUCTIONS: Simmer celery root, lovage, and 1/2 teaspoon table salt in water in a 3-quart saucepan, partially covered, until tender, 12 to 15 minutes. Transfer celery root with 1 cup cooking liquid (reserving remainder) to a food processor and purée until very smooth. Force purée through a fine-mesh sieve into a bowl, pressing on solids, then stir in 1 cup reserved cooking liquid. Heat 2 tablespoons butter in a 2- to 3-inch-deep 12-inch heavy skillet over moderate heat until foam subsides, then cook mushrooms, fennel, onion, and remaining 1/2 teaspoon table salt, covered, stirring occasionally, until soft <END>
INPUT: Italian, gnocchi, dasheen, sweet potatoes, Salt, olive oil, basil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Dasheen Gnocchi | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound dasheen, peeled and cut into 2 to 3-inch pieces; 1 pound sweet potatoes, peeled and cut into 2 to 3-inch pieces; Salt, for boiling water and seasoning; 2 teaspoons olive oil; 2 tablespoons fresh basil, very thinly sliced; 1 teaspoon minced garlic; 1/4 cup dry white wine; 1 cup finely chopped tomatoes; 1/2 cup Marinara Sauce, recipe follows; Freshly ground black pepper; 2 large eggs, lightly beaten; 1/2 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg; 1 cup all-purpose flour; Grated Parmesan, for garnish; 1/2 cup olive oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Place dasheen and sweet potato in salted water to cover. Bring to a boil, and simmer until fork tender, about 30 minutes. Meanwhile, heat olive oil in a large skillet. Add basil and garlic, and cook 1 to 2 minutes. Remove skillet from heat, and add white wine and tomatoes. Simmer about 1 minute. Stir in marinara sauce; season with salt and pepper, and keep warm. Bring another large pot of salted water to a boil. Drain dasheen and sweet potato, and pass through a ricer into a large bowl. Add eggs and nutmeg; season with salt and pepper, and stir to combine. Slowly add flour, stirring until full <END>
INPUT: mousse, chocolate, egg yolks, sugar, heavy cream, blackberries
OUTPUT: TITLE: White Chocolate Mousse | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 7 ounces white chocolate, chopped into very small pieces; 2 egg yolks; 2 tablespoons sugar; 1/4 cup heavy cream, plus 1 cup; 12 fresh blackberries, for garnish; Mint sprigs, for garnish, optional | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large glass bowl, place the chopped white chocolate and set aside. Add the egg yolks and sugar to a small bowl and whisk until pale in color. In a saucepan, over low heat, bring 1/4 cup of the cream to a simmer, and slowly add the cream into the yolk and sugar mixture to temper. Pour the creamy mixture back into pan and stir with a wooden spoon until it coats the back of it. Pour hot mix into a fine mesh sieve placed directly over bowl with the chopped chocolate. Stir until completely smooth. In another bowl, whip remaining 1 cup of the cream to almost stiff peaks. Fold half the whipped c <END>
INPUT: skewers, olive oil, garlic, Calabrian chile flakes, oregano leaves, Kosher salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Shrimp Skewers | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup olive oil; 3 cloves garlic, crushed; 1 tablespoon Calabrian chile flakes; 1 tablespoon fresh oregano leaves, plus for garnish; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 pound extra-large (16 to 20 per pound) shrimp, shelled and deveined, tail-on | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: 10-inch skewers, soaked 30 minutes Put the olive oil, garlic and chile flakes in a small skillet. Turn the heat to low and let the mixture heat for about 10 minutes; the oil should just barely simmer around the garlic in the last few minutes. Remove from the heat and cool slightly. Transfer to a blender, add the 1 tablespoon oregano and some salt and pepper, and blend until the garlic and oregano are finely chopped. Set aside half of the chile-garlic oil for serving. Heat the grill to high. Thread the shrimp onto skewers, about 4 or 5 shrimp per skewer, threading so that the <END>
INPUT: sorbet, prickly, simple syrup, lime juice, sugar, water
OUTPUT: TITLE: Prickly Pear Sorbet | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 8 prickly (cactus) pears (3 pounds total); 1/2 cup simple syrup, recipe follows; 2 tablespoons lime juice; 1/2 cup sugar; 1/2 cup water | INSTRUCTIONS: Line a baking sheet with plastic wrap. Wearing rubber gloves, wash the cactus pears and with paper towels, rub off any prickly fuzz left on the skin. Halve the pears lengthwise. Carefully scoop out the flesh and seeds and put them into a blender, leaving the thick shells intact. Put the shells onto the baking sheets and freeze them until hard, about 1 hour. Add the syrup and lime juice to the blender and puree until smooth. Taste and adjust the flavor with more syrup or lime juice, to taste. Strain the puree through a fine sieve, discarding any seeds and pulp. Pour the sorbet into the frozen s <END>
INPUT: chipotles, granulated sugar, water, salt, chiles moritas, carrot
OUTPUT: TITLE: Plantain-Stuffed Chipotles Chiles in Escabèche | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons granulated sugar; 3 3/4 cups water; 1 tablespoon plus 1 1/4 teaspoons salt; 24 large chiles moritas (dried bright red chipotle chiles, preferably soft; 3 ounces); 1 medium carrot, cut into 1/8-inch dice; 6 tablespoons olive oil; 1/2 teaspoon ground allspice; 3 sprigs fresh thyme or 1/2 teaspoon dried, crumbled; 3 sprigs fresh marjoram or 1/2 teaspoon dried, crumbled; 2 Turkish bay leaves or 1 California; 1/2 cup cider vinegar; 2 tablespoons packed coarsely grated piloncillo (unrefined brown sugar; sometimes called panela) or packed dark brown sugar; 4 teaspoons finely chopped garlic (3 to 4 cloves); 1 medium red onion, halved lengthwise, then thinly sliced crosswise; 2 very ripe large plantains (skin should be predominantly black; 1 1/2 pounds total) | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring granulated sugar, 3 cups water, and 1 tablespoon salt to a boil in a 1 1/2- to 2-quart saucepan, stirring until sugar is dissolved, then reduce heat to simmer. While water is coming to a boil, prepare chiles. Cut a slit from stem to point down 1 side of each chile with kitchen shears. (Some brands of chiles may be precut.) Add chiles to sugar water and simmer 5 minutes, then remove pan from heat and cool chiles in liquid while making escabeche and filling. Cook carrot in 1/4 cup oil in a 10-inch heavy skillet over moderately low heat, covered, stirring occasionally, until crisp-tender, 3 <END>
INPUT: Italian, Kosher salt, balsamic vinegar, honey, bay leaf, packages refrigerated cheese
OUTPUT: TITLE: Ravioli With Sage-Walnut Butter | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: Kosher salt; 1/4 cup balsamic vinegar; 2 teaspoons honey; 1 bay leaf; 2 9-ounce packages refrigerated cheese ravioli; 6 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1/3 cup fresh sage leaves; 1 cup walnuts, roughly chopped; 3/4 cup grated parmesan cheese | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Combine the vinegar, honey and bay leaf in a small saucepan and boil over medium-high heat until syrupy, 4 to 5 minutes. Cover to keep warm. Add the ravioli to the boiling water and cook as the label directs. Meanwhile, melt the butter in a large skillet over medium heat, then add the sage and walnuts and cook until the nuts are toasted, about 3 minutes. Increase the heat to high, ladle in about 1 cup cooking water and bring to a boil. Cook until reduced by about half, 1 to 2 minutes. Drain the ravioli, reserving another 1/2 cup cooking water. Add t <END>
INPUT: American, omelet, onions, virgin olive oil, plum tomatoes, onion, Kosher salt pepper, panko
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cheese Omelet With Roasted Tomatoes and Onions | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 4 plum tomatoes, trimmed and halved crosswise; 1 small white onion, sliced into 4 rounds; Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper; 1 cup panko (Japanese breadcrumbs) or plain breadcrumbs; 10 large eggs; 2 tablespoons milk; 4 tablespoons mixed chopped herbs (such as parsley and dill) and/or scallions; 4 teaspoons unsalted butter; 4 ounces shredded gruyere or Swiss cheese (about 1 cup) | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F. Brush a baking dish with 1 tablespoon olive oil. Season the tomatoes and onion rounds with salt and pepper and add to the dish, cut-side up. Mix the remaining 2 tablespoons olive oil with the panko and sprinkle over the tomatoes and onion. Bake until tender and golden brown, 15 to 20 minutes. Whisk the eggs, milk and herbs in a bowl; season with salt and pepper. Heat a small nonstick skillet over medium-high heat. Add 1 teaspoon butter, swirling to coat. When the foam subsides, add one-quarter of the egg mixture. Cook 10 seconds, then move a rubber spatula ar <END>
INPUT: mixed olives pits, rosemary, chile, garlic, tangerines
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spicy Roasted Olives | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 cups mixed green and black olives with pits; 4 sprigs rosemary; 1 fresh red chile, sliced thin; 4 whole cloves garlic, peeled; 2 tangerines; 1/2 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 1 tablespoon red wine vinegar | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 300 degrees F. In a small roasting pan, mix together the olives, rosemary, chile, and garlic. Slice the tangerines in half and squeeze the juice over the olives; toss in the rinds. Pour over the olive oil and vinegar and give it a good stir. Cover with foil and bake for about 1 hour. Serve warm or at room temperature. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, chilled, soup, virgin oil, onion, garlic, cumin, Marsala
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chilled Roasted Red Pepper Soup with Avocado-Chile Salsa | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon extra-virgin oil; 1 small onion, minced; 3 cloves garlic, chopped; 2 teaspoons ground cumin; 1 cup Marsala; 6 red bell peppers, roasted, peeled, seeded, and diced; 2 1/2 cups rich chicken stock or vegetable stock, or more as needed; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh cilantro leaves; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1/2 onion, minced; 2 cloves garlic, minced; 2 Anaheim chiles, roasted, peeled, seeded, and chopped; 1 dried ancho chile, roasted and pulverized; 2 avocados, cut into small dice; 2 limes, juiced | INSTRUCTIONS: To make the soup, heat the oil in a large saucepan over high heat until very hot. Add the onion and garlic and saute for about 2 minutes. Add the cumin and saute for 2 minutes longer. Add the Marsala and reduce until about 1/2 cup remains, about 4 minutes. Add the peppers and stock, decrease the heat to medium, and simmer for about 20 minutes. Add the cilantro and season, to taste, with salt and pepper. Carefully puree the soup in a blender. Transfer the soup to a large bowl, cover, and refrigerate until well chilled, about 2 hours. (If the soup is too thick after chilling, thin it down with a <END>
INPUT: brittle, vegetable oil, sugar, light corn syrup, water, unsalted butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pistachio Brittle | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: vegetable oil cooking spray; 1 cup sugar; 1/4 cup light corn syrup; 1/4 cup water; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1/4 teaspoon baking soda; 3/4 teaspoon kosher salt; 1/2 teaspoon pure vanilla extract; 1 cup dry-roasted shelled unsalted pistachios | INSTRUCTIONS: Line a baking sheet with parchment paper; lightly coat paper with vegetable oil cooking spray. In a medium saucepan over medium-high heat, bring 1 cup sugar, 1/4 cup light corn syrup, 1/4 cup water and 2 tablespoons unsalted butter to a simmer; cook, stirring often, until mixture is a medium caramel color, 12 to 15 minutes. Remove from heat. Stir in 1/4 teaspoon baking soda (mixture will foam), 3/4 teaspoon kosher salt, 1/2 teaspoon pure vanilla extract and 1 cup dry-roasted shelled unsalted pistachios. Pour onto baking sheet; spread into an even layer. Cool completely. Break into 24 pieces. L <END>
INPUT: butter, shallots, thyme, wild mushrooms, button mushrooms
OUTPUT: TITLE: Wild Mushrooms, Haricot Vert, and Shallot Sauté | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 5 tablespoons butter, divided; 4 large shallots, halved, thinly sliced; 1 teaspoon chopped fresh thyme; 1 1/4 pounds fresh wild mushrooms (such as chanterelles, stemmed shiitake, and oyster), trimmed, thickly sliced; 1/2 pound button mushrooms, thickly sliced; 1/3 cup Madeira; 3/4 pound haricots verts or small slender green beans, trimmed; 3 tablespoons (about) low-salt chicken broth (optional) | INSTRUCTIONS: Melt 1/4 cup butter in large pot over high heat. Add shallots and thyme; sauté until shallots begin to brown, about 4 minutes. Add all mushrooms; sprinkle with salt and pepper. Sauté until juices evaporate, about 10 minutes. Add Madeira; toss until evaporated, about 1 minute. Set aside. Cook haricots verts in medium pot of boiling salted water until crisp-tender, about 4 minutes. Drain. Let stand until ready to use, up to 2 hours. Add remaining 1 tablespoon butter to mushrooms in pot. Add haricots verts. Toss over medium-high heat until butter melts and vegetables are heated through, adding br <END>
INPUT: bites, bananas, semi sweet chocolate, nuts
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate Banana Bites | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 bananas; 1/2 cup semi-sweet chocolate morsels; 1/2 cup nuts (peanuts, almonds, cashews, etc) | INSTRUCTIONS: Chop the banana into 1-inch thick slices. Place the chocolate morsels in the microwave for about 50 seconds, until melted and smooth. Finely chop the nuts. Dip the banana slices in the the melted chocolate, then the chopped nuts, and place on a dish in the freezer for 30 minutes. Note: You can also serve these as is without freezing them! Chop the banana into 1-inch thick slices. Place the chocolate morsels in the microwave for about 50 seconds, until melted and smooth. Finely chop the nuts. Dip the banana slices in the the melted chocolate, then the chopped nuts, and place on a dish in the fr <END>
INPUT: Indian, sauce, garlic, olive oil, curry powder, plain Greek yogurt, kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Garlic-Curry Chicken Thighs With Yogurt Sauce | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 1 head of garlic (about 12 cloves), peeled, finely chopped; 1/4 cup olive oil; 2 tablespoons curry powder; 2 cups plain Greek yogurt, divided; 2 1/2 teaspoons kosher salt, divided; 12 skin-on bone-in chicken thighs (about 6 pounds); 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice | INSTRUCTIONS: Mix garlic, oil, curry powder, 1 cup yogurt, 2 tsp. salt, and 1/4 cup water in a large bowl. Working in batches, add chicken thighs and turn to coat, using your hands to rub marinade under skin of each thigh. Transfer to a resealable plastic bag and chill at least 3 hours or up to overnight. Position a rack in upper third of oven and preheat to 425°F. Transfer marinated chicken, skin side up, to a 13x9" baking dish. Roast chicken until skin is browned and an instant-read thermometer inserted into the thickest part of chicken registers 165°F, about 35 minutes. If chicken skin starts to burn, mo <END>
INPUT: Asian, lemonade, ginger, honey, boiling water, lemon juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fresh Mint and Ginger Lemonade | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup (packed) chopped fresh mint leaves; 1/3 cup chopped fresh ginger; 1/3 cup honey; 2 cups boiling water; 1/3 cup fresh lemon juice; 1 1/2 cups (about) cold water; Ice cubes; Fresh mint leaves; Lemon slices | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine chopped mint, ginger, and honey in medium bowl. Add boiling water. Let steep 30 minutes. Strain into 4-cup glass measuring cup, pressing on solids to extract liquid. Add lemon juice and enough cold water to measure 4 cups total. (Can be prepared 1 day ahead. Cover and refrigerate.) Fill glasses with ice cubes. Add lemonade. Garnish with mint leaves and lemon slices and serve. Combine chopped mint, ginger, and honey in medium bowl. Add boiling water. Let steep 30 minutes. Strain into 4-cup glass measuring cup, pressing on solids to extract liquid. Add lemon juice and enough cold water t <END>
INPUT: salad, cracklings, butternut squash, virgin olive oil, garlic, butter, pumpkin seeds
OUTPUT: TITLE: Bibb and Butternut Salad with Pumpkin Seeds, Cracklings and Cranberry Vinaigrette | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 large butternut squash; 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 1 clove garlic, peeled and chopped; 2 tablespoons butter; 1 cup pumpkin seeds; 1 tablespoon Madras curry powder; 1 tablespoon cayenne pepper; Salt and pepper; 3 heads Boston Bibb lettuce; 1 head frisee lettuce; 1 cup olive oil; 1 cup trimmed turkey skin, torn into pieces; 1 cup dried cranberries; 1 cup frozen cranberries; 1 cup orange juice | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 500 degrees F. Peel and seed squash. Slice and toss with extra-virgin olive oil and chopped garlic. Roast for 8 to 10 minutes and remove from heat and cool. Melt butter in a large skillet and then toast the pumpkin seeds in the pan. Season with curry, cayenne and salt. Pick and wash the leaves of the Bibb lettuce and frisee. Heat olive oil in a Dutch oven over medium-high heat until it reaches 350 degrees F. Carefully drop turkey skin into oil and deep-fry until crisp and golden. Remove and drain on paper towels. Combine both cranberries, orange juice, sugar and cinnamon stick  <END>
INPUT: baby spinach leaves, unsalted butter, unbleached all purpose, milk
OUTPUT: TITLE: S is for Spinach | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 pound baby spinach leaves, well rinsed; 1/2 tablespoon unsalted butter; 1 teaspoon unbleached all-purpose flour; 1/4 cup milk, formula, or breast milk | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. Bring 1/2 inch of water to boil in a medium skillet. Add the spinach leaves and stir until wilted, 1 to 2 minutes. Drain in a colander. Rinse with cold running water until cool. Squeeze the spinach in batches by hand or through a fine-mesh sieve to remove as much liquid as possible. 2. Melt the butter in the same pan over medium heat, add the flour, and stir for 1 minute. Whisk in the milk and bring to a boil. 3.Transfer the spinach mixture to a food processor. Puree until smooth and then let cool before serving. 1. Bring 1/2 inch of water to boil in a medium skillet. Add the spinach leaves <END>
INPUT: rolls, eggs, granulated sugar, pure vanilla extract, salt, dark unsweetened natural
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate Peanut Butter and Jelly Rolls | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 10 large eggs, separated, at room temperature; 1 1/2 cups plus 2 tablespoons granulated sugar, divided; 2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract; Pinch salt; 3 ounces dark unsweetened natural cocoa powder; Peanut Buttercream:; 8 tablespoons (1 stick) unsalted butter, at room temperature; 1/2 cup smooth peanut butter (or almond butter); 3/4 cup confectioners' sugar; 1/4 teaspoon kosher salt; 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract; 1 tablespoon heavy cream; 6 ounces (3/4 cup) jelly (your choice of flavor; my favorite is strawberry); 6 ounces semisweet chocolate, chopped; 6 tablespoons (3/4 stick) unsalted butter, softened | INSTRUCTIONS: For the cake: Heat the oven to 375 degrees F. Line two 9 1/2-by-14-inch jelly-roll pans with parchment paper, leaving 1 inch of paper hanging over on all sides (this will help you lift the cakes out of the pan after baking). In the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the whisk attachment, whip the yolks and 1 cup of the sugar on medium speed until the mixture is thick and fluffy, 3 to 4 minutes. Add the vanilla and mix for 1 minute. Scrape into a medium mixing bowl and set aside. Wash the stand mixer bowl and whisk very well (even the smallest amount of yolk will prevent the whites from whipping <END>
INPUT: American, bruschetta, vinaigrette, porcini mushrooms, boiling water, sherry vinegar, shallots, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Asparagus Goat Cheese Bruschetta with Porcini Vinaigrette | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 ounce dried porcini mushrooms; 1 cup boiling water; 1/4 cup sherry vinegar; 1/4 cup minced shallots; 2 teaspoons sugar; 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil, plus additional for brushing; 2 bunches (2 pounds) green asparagus (not pencil), ends trimmed to 6 inches; 8 ounces fresh goat cheese, softened; 8 (1/2-inch thick) slices good quality bread, such as pain de mie, pullman or sourdough, crusts trimmed | INSTRUCTIONS: Make vinaigrette: Put dried mushrooms in a heatproof bowl and pour boiling water over them. Let stand 20 minutes. Pour mushrooms with liquid through a paper towel-lined sieve into a small saucepan. Transfer mushrooms to a cutting board and finely chop. Add vinegar, shallots, sugar, 1/2 teaspoon salt, and half of mushrooms to saucepan and boil mixture until it is reduced to 2/3 cup, about 10 minutes. Whisk in 1/4 cup olive oil and add salt and pepper to taste. Sauce can be served warm or at room temperature. Put dried mushrooms in a heatproof bowl and pour boiling water over them. Let stand 20  <END>
INPUT: brown, popcorn, virgin olive oil, unsalted butter, rosemary leaves, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Brown Butter, Rosemary, and Lemon Popcorn | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup popcorn; 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 3 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1 tablespoon finely chopped rosemary leaves; 2 teaspoons salt; Freshly ground black pepper; 1 tablespoon grated lemon zest | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat the popcorn and oil in a 1-gallon, heavy bottomed pot over medium-high heat. When the popcorns starts to pop, cover the pot tightly and continue to cook until all the popcorn pops, about 2 to 3 minutes, shaking the pot occasionally. Pour the popcorn into a large bowl. In a medium saute pan over medium-high heat, melt the butter and cook until it is brown, shaking the pan occasionally. Remove the pan from the heat. Add the rosemary to the butter and pour the butter mixture over the popcorn. Toss well. Add the salt and pepper and lemon zest. Toss well. <END>
INPUT: carrots, shallots, unsalted butter, salt, water
OUTPUT: TITLE: Honey-Glazed Carrots and Shallots | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 lb carrots (10 medium), cut diagonally into 3/4-inch-thick pieces; 1 lb small shallots (12), peeled and trimmed, keeping root ends intact; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, cut into bits; 3/4 teaspoon salt; 1 1/2 cups water; 1 cup chicken broth; 1/3 cup white Port; 1/3 cup mild honey; 2 teaspoons chopped fresh dill (optional); 2 teaspoons chopped fresh chives (optional); 1/4 teaspoon black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Spread carrots and shallots evenly in a 12-inch heavy skillet, then dot with butter and sprinkle with salt. Whisk together water, broth, Port, and honey and pour over vegetables. Cover skillet with a lid (or tightly with foil) and simmer over moderate heat until vegetables are tender when pierced with a paring knife, about 20 minutes. Transfer vegetables with a slotted spoon to a bowl and boil liquid over moderately high heat, uncovered, until syrupy and reduced to about 3 tablespoons, about 15 minutes. Return vegetables to skillet and gently stir to coat with glaze. Sprinkle with dill and chi <END>
INPUT: Italian, herbed, sauce, purchased cheese ravioli, walnuts, garlic, wine
OUTPUT: TITLE: Ravioli with Herbed Walnut Sauce | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound purchased cheese ravioli; 1/4 cup (1/2 stick) butter; 3/4 cup coarsely chopped walnuts; 3 garlic cloves, minced; 1 cup dry white wine; 1/4 cup chopped fresh parsley; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh rosemary | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook pasta in large pot of boiling salted water until tender but still firm to bite, or according to directions on package. Drain. Melt butter in heavy large skillet over medium-high heat. Add walnuts; sauté until golden, about 2 minutes. Add garlic; sauté 30 seconds. Add wine. Simmer until slightly reduced, about 2 minutes. Add parsley and rosemary. Simmer 1 minute. Add ravioli and toss to coat with sauce. Season with salt and pepper; serve. Cook pasta in large pot of boiling salted water until tender but still firm to bite, or according to directions on package. Drain. Melt butter in heavy l <END>
INPUT: gooey, blondies, egg, vanilla extract, kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Gooey Brown Butter Blondies with Pecans | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup (1 stick) unsalted butter; 1 large egg; 3/4 cup (packed) light brown sugar; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; 1/2 teaspoons kosher salt; 1/3 cup all-purpose flour; 1 cup (2 sticks) unsalted butter, room temperature, plus more; 2 1/4 cups all-purpose flour, plus more; 1 1/2 cups pecans, coarsely chopped; 1 1/2 teaspoons baking powder; 1 1/2 teaspoons kosher salt; 1 3/4 cups (packed) light brown sugar; 2 large eggs; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; Vanilla ice cream (for serving) | INSTRUCTIONS: Brown butter mixture: Cook butter in a medium saucepan over medium heat, stirring often, until butter foams, then browns, 5-8 minutes. Transfer brown butter to a medium bowl; let cool slightly. Add egg, brown sugar, vanilla, and salt and beat until mixture is light and falls back onto itself in a slowly dissolving ribbon, about 3 minutes. Fold in flour. Cook butter in a medium saucepan over medium heat, stirring often, until butter foams, then browns, 5-8 minutes. Transfer brown butter to a medium bowl; let cool slightly. Add egg, brown sugar, vanilla, and salt and beat until mixture is light  <END>
INPUT: American, friselle crusty ciabatta, garlic, ball burrata cheese
OUTPUT: TITLE: Toasted Bread with Burrata and Arugula | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 6 3x2-inch pieces friselle or crusty ciabatta bread, halved horizontally; 5 tablespoons (about) extra-virgin olive oil, divided; 2 garlic cloves, peeled, halved; 1 8-ounce ball burrata cheese,* cut into 12 wedges; 1 1/2 cups (about) baby arugula; Finely grated peel from 1 lemon | INSTRUCTIONS: Finely grated peel from 1 lemon Preheat oven to 400°F. Fill small bowl with water. Place bread halves, cut side up, on baking sheet; brush bread with 2 tablespoons olive oil. Toast bread in oven until crisp and light golden around edges, about 15 minutes. Remove from oven. Lightly brush each bread half with water (do not soak). Rub cut sides of bread halves with cut sides of garlic halves. Place 2 bread halves, cut side up, on each of 6 plates. Drizzle each bread half lightly with olive oil. Top each half with 1 burrata wedge; sprinkle with salt and freshly ground black pepper and drizzle ligh <END>
INPUT: trifle, seasonal fruit, Simple Homemade Granola, vanilla yogurt, cinnamon, ginger
OUTPUT: TITLE: Yogurt and Granola Trifle | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups chopped seasonal fruit, like strawberries, oranges, banana (if using banana, toss in lemon juice); 2 cups Simple Homemade Granola, recipe follows; 1 quart vanilla yogurt; 2 teaspoons ground cinnamon; 1/2 teaspoon ground ginger; Salt; 3 tablespoons honey; 2 tablespoons vegetable oil; 2 tablespoons maple syrup; 2 tablespoons water; 1 teaspoon vanilla; 2 cups whole oats (not instant); 1/2 cup chopped pecans; 1/2 cup crisped rice cereal; 1/4 cup wheat germ or milled flax seed | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. In a small trifle bowl, layer the fruit, granola and yogurt in two layers, starting with the fruit on the bottom then granola followed by yogurt. Chill for fifteen minutes or up to a few hours, and then serve either for dessert or for breakfast.; Preheat the oven to 300 degrees F. In a large bowl, whisk together the cinnamon, ginger, 1/4 teaspoon salt, honey, oil, maple syrup, water, and vanilla together. Add in the oats, pecans, rice cereal, and wheat germ. Toss to coat completely. Spread the granola out on a baking sheet lined with parchment and bake until dry  <END>
INPUT: American, frank, rich, sugar, orange zest, nutmeg
OUTPUT: TITLE: Frank's Steak | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 bottle rich, full-bodied red wine (recommended: Amarone); 2 tablespoons sugar; 6 whole cloves; 1 teaspoon fresh orange zest; 1/2 teaspoon grated nutmeg; 1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 2 (8 to 12-ounce) rib-eye steaks, about 1/2-inch thick; Salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine wine and sugar in a large pot and bring to boil; lower heat and simmer for 10 minutes. Stir in cloves, orange zest, nutmeg, and cinnamon and remove pan from heat to cool. Put steaks in a large baking dish and pour marinade over them. Marinate steaks in refrigerator for at least several hours and up to 3 days. Take steaks out of the marinade, season with salt and pepper, and cook them in a very hot skillet, about 2 minutes each side for medium rare. <END>
INPUT: Asian, cranberry, sauce, bags cranberries, sugar, orange juice, water, orange peel
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cranberry Sauce with Crystallized Ginger | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 2 12-ounce bags cranberries; 1 1/2 cups sugar; 1 cup orange juice; 1 cup water; 1 tablespoon grated orange peel; 1 teaspoon ground ginger; 1/2 cup (about 2 ounces) minced crystallized ginger | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine first 6 ingredients in heavy medium saucepan. Bring to boil, stirring until sugar dissolves. Boil until cranberries pop, stirring occasionally, about 5 minutes. Cool. Mix in crystallized ginger. (Can be prepared 3 days ahead. Cover and refrigerate.) Combine first 6 ingredients in heavy medium saucepan. Bring to boil, stirring until sugar dissolves. Boil until cranberries pop, stirring occasionally, about 5 minutes. Cool. Mix in crystallized ginger. (Can be prepared 3 days ahead. Cover and refrigerate.) <END>
INPUT: turkey breast half, vegetable oil, Kosher salt pepper, Preheat oven degrees
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Turkey Breast | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 bone-in turkey breast half (about 2 pounds); 2 teaspoons vegetable oil; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F | INSTRUCTIONS: Rub the turkey with the oil; sprinkle both sides with salt and pepper. Place on a baking sheet and roast until a thermometer inserted into the thickest part reads 160 degrees F, about 55 minutes. Remove from the oven and let rest 15 minutes; the turkey will continue to cook and the internal temperature should reach 165 degrees F. <END>
INPUT: Unsalted butter, peaches, amaretti cookies, egg yolk, cocoa powder
OUTPUT: TITLE: Baked Peaches with Amaretti and Cocoa | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Unsalted butter, for the baking dish; 4 ripe peaches, washed and patted dry; 5 tablespoons crushed amaretti cookies (about 2 ounces); 1 large egg yolk; 1/2 teaspoon cocoa powder; 1/4 cup dry white wine, such as Pinot Grigio; Whipped cream, for serving (optional); To hurry along not-very-ripe peaches, put them in a paper bag, close the top, and let them sit at room temperature until they ripen. I wish I could gi | INSTRUCTIONS: Butter a baking dish large enough to hold 8 peach halves in a single layer. Cut the peaches in half with a small knife and remove the pits. Cut off the peel in strips. Place the peach halves in the baking dish as you finish peeling them. Use a melon baller to scoop out some of the center pulp from each peach, being careful not to perforate the edges, to make little containers for the filling. Put the peach pulp on a cutting board and finely chop it; transfer it to a small bowl. Add the cookie crumbs, the egg yolk, and the cocoa powder, and stir to combine. Preheat the oven to 350°F and center  <END>
INPUT: streusel, unsalted butter, peaches, slivered almonds, all purpose flour, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted-Peach Streusel | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 5 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, divided; 4 medium peaches (about 1 1/4 pounds), halved and pitted; 1/3 cup slivered almonds, toasted and cooled; 1/3 cup all-purpose flour; 1/3 cup plus 1 tablespoon sugar, divided; 1/2 cup heavy cream; 3/4 teaspoon pure almond extract | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 425°F with rack in middle. Drizzle 2 tablespoons butter over bottom of a 9-inch baking dish or pie plate and arrange peach halves cut sides up. Pulse almonds, flour, 1/3 cup sugar, 1/4 teaspoon salt, and remaining 3 tablespoons butter in a food processor until clumps form. Top peaches with streusel and bake until peaches are tender and streusel is browned, about 20 minutes (if browning too quickly, loosely cover with foil). Meanwhile, whip cream with almond extract and remaining tablespoon sugar until it just holds soft peaks. Serve peaches warm with cream. Preheat oven to 425° <END>
INPUT: Indian, unsweetened coconut milk, Thai curry paste, chicken stock low, lemongrass
OUTPUT: TITLE: Steamed Mussels in Thai Curry Sauce | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 2 13.5-ounce cans unsweetened coconut milk* (3 1/2 cups); 1 teaspoon Thai red curry paste**; 1 cup chicken stock or canned low-salt chicken broth; 1/2 cup (packed) fresh basil leaves; 2 stalks lemongrass,** trimmed, coarsely chopped (about 1/3 cup) or 1 tablespoon grated lemon peel; 1/4 cup fresh lime juice; 2 tablespoons fish sauce (nam pla)**; 3 kaffir lime leaves or 3 tablespoons fresh lime juice plus 1 1/2 teaspoons grated lime peel; 2 tablespoons peanut oil; 3 pounds mussels, scrubbed, debearded; 4 plum tomatoes, diced (about 1 cup); 1/2 cup chopped fresh cilantro | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring coconut milk to boil in heavy large saucepan. Reduce heat to medium; add curry paste and whisk until dissolved. Add next 6 ingredients. Simmer uncovered 10 minutes. Strain into bowl. Heat peanut oil in large deep skillet over high heat. Add mussels. Sauté 2 minutes. Add strained curry sauce. Cover and cook until mussels open, about 4 minutes (discard any mussels that do not open). Transfer to large serving bowl. Sprinkle with tomatoes and cilantro and serve. Bring coconut milk to boil in heavy large saucepan. Reduce heat to medium; add curry paste and whisk until dissolved. Add next 6 in <END>
INPUT: Italian, virgin olive oil, garlic, Parmesan, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Garlic Bread | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 2 (4-inch) whole-wheat pita breads; 2 teaspoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1 large garlic clove, peeled and halved; 4 teaspoons grated Parmesan; 1/8 teaspoon salt; 1/2 teaspoon paprika; 1/2 teaspoon dried oregano | INSTRUCTIONS: Position rack about 6 inches from the broiler and preheat broiler. With a small knife, cut a slit about 2 inches long in the side of both pitas. With your fingers, pry apart the 2 pita halves. If the pita is being stubborn, microwave it for about 30 seconds to soften it up. Lightly brush the rough side of the 4 pita halves with olive oil and then rub with the garlic clove. Cut each pita into quarters. Arrange the pitas in a single layer on a cookie sheet. Evenly sprinkle the pitas with the Parmesan, salt, paprika, and oregano. Place under the broiler and broil for 2 to 3 minutes or until golde <END>
INPUT: Asian, carrot, Fresno chile, rice wine vinegar, fish sauce, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken Pho | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1 carrot, julienned; 1 Fresno chile, sliced; 1/2 cup rice wine vinegar; 1/4 cup fish sauce; 1/4 cup sugar; 2 tablespoons brown sugar; 1/2 tablespoon sambal; Canola oil, for pan; 4 cloves garlic, smashed; One 2-inch piece ginger; 4 scallions, chopped; 1 gallon chicken stock; 1/4 cup fish sauce; 3 whole star anise; 1 cinnamon stick | INSTRUCTIONS: For the pickle: Combine the carrot, chile, rice wine vinegar, fish sauce, sugar, brown sugar and sambal in a pint container. Shake to combine. Let sit for 1 hour. For the broth: Coat a small stockpot with canola oil and bring to medium heat. Add the garlic, ginger and scallions, and sweat until aromatic, 5 to 6 minutes. Add the chicken stock, fish sauce, star anise and cinnamon. Bring to boil, then reduce to simmer and cook for 15 minutes. Place chicken breasts in the broth and poach until cooked through, 8 to 10 minutes. When fully cooked, remove from broth and slice thinly on the bias. Set a <END>
INPUT: Italian, Mission figs, unsalted butter, honey, cinnamon, kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Figs with Fresh Ricotta | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 6 to 8 Mission figs, halved; 1 tablespoon unsalted butter; 3 tablespoons honey; Pinch ground cinnamon; Pinch kosher salt; Fresh ricotta or fat free Greek yogurt, for serving | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Put the figs, cut side up, in a baking dish. Melt the butter in a small saucepan over low heat, and whisk in the honey, cinnamon and salt. Drizzle the hot honey butter over the figs and roast in oven until very soft, 10 to 15 minutes. Divide the fresh ricotta or fat free yogurt among 4 serving dishes and top with the warm figs and sauce. Enjoy! Cook's Note: These hot figs are really great over mixed greens or even on a toasted baguette as a crostini! <END>
INPUT: oven, andouille sausage, crisp rice cereal, Parmesan cheese, sweet paprika, cumin
OUTPUT: TITLE: Oven-Fried Chicken with Andouille Sausage | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 ounces andouille sausage, finely chopped; 1 cup crisp rice cereal (not flakes); 1/4 cup freshly grated Parmesan cheese; 2 teaspoons sweet paprika; 1/2 teaspoon ground cumin; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 1/8 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 3 large cloves garlic, finely minced; 1 large egg; 4 (5-ounce) boneless, skinless chicken breast halves; 1/2 cup nonfat plain yogurt; 1 tablespoon minced fresh parsley; 2 teaspoons fresh lemon juice; 1/2 teaspoon ground cumin; 1/8 teaspoon salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Coat baking sheet with nonstick cooking spray and set aside. FOR CHICKEN: Cook sausage in a medium skillet over moderate heat until lightly browned and almost all fat cooks out-about 3 minutes. With slotted spoon, lift sausage to paper toweling to drain. Discard skillet drippings. Place cereal in plastic bag and roughly crush with rolling pin. Transfer cereal to large bowl and mix in cheese, paprika, cumin, salt, and pepper. Add drained sausage and garlic and toss well to mix. Beat egg until frothy in medium bowl. Dip each piece of chicken into egg, then into cerea <END>
INPUT: Italian, olive oil, leeks, zucchini, half half, soft milk goat
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fettuccine with Smoked Salmon, Goat Cheese, Leeks and Zucchini | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup olive oil; 4 medium leeks (white and light green parts), halved lengthwise, sliced; 2 zucchini, halved lengthwise, sliced crosswise; 1 cup half and half; 5 ounces soft milk goat cheese (such as Montrachet), crumbled; 1 pound fettuccine; 1/4 pound smoked salmon, chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat 1/4 cup olive oil in heavy large skillet over medium-high heat. Add sliced leeks and sauté until golden and tender, about 10 minutes. Add sliced zucchini and sauté until beginning to soften, about 3 minutes. Add 1 cup half and half and crumbled goat cheese and stir until goat cheese melts. Remove sauce from heat. Season sauce with salt and generous amount of pepper. Meanwhile, cook fettuccine in large pot of rapidly boiling salted water until pasta is just tender. Drain fettuccine and return to pot. Add sauce to fettuccine and toss until thoroughly coated. Transfer fettuccine to large bow <END>
INPUT: American, frontier, buffalo, Kosher salt, sugar, chipotle powder, pepper, tomatoes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Frontier Buffalo Cowboy Steak on Watercress and Totsoi Salad with Candy Cane Beets, Baby Beans, Toma | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 5 ounces Kosher salt; 5 ounces brown sugar; 2 ounces chipotle powder; 1-ounce black pepper; 5 tomatoes seeded, smoked or baked; 2 cloves roasted garlic; 1/2 teaspoon minced tarragon; 1/3 cup balsamic vinegar; Salt and pepper; 1 (28-ounce) cowboy steak with T bone; 1/3 pound watercress, trimmed and washed; 1/3 pound totsoi, washed; 3 big beautiful ripe red tomatoes, sliced 1/2-inch thick; 3 candy cane beets, peeled, baked, julienne and cooled; 1/3 pound haricots verts, picked, blanched and cooled | INSTRUCTIONS: In a bowl combine first four, rub ingredients. In a blender, blend all vinaigrette ingredients. Sprinkle 1-ounce of rub on the two sides of steak. Rub the mix into the meat. Let meat sit for 30 minutes. Grill or saute on high heat for 7 minutes, and turn on other side for another 7 minutes. Turn on first side and cook 4 minutes and repeat on other side. Allow to rest for ten minutes. Place watercress and totsoi on plate, add tomatoes, alternating colors. Slice beef and place on plate. Garnish with beets and beans. Drizzle with dressing around salad. <END>
INPUT: lowfat Romano, lowfat fontina, bottled roasted peppers, lowfat ricotta, ultrathin soppressata
OUTPUT: TITLE: Soppressata Pizza | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 cup grated lowfat Romano; 3/4 cup grated lowfat fontina; 2 cups bottled roasted red peppers; 1 cup lowfat ricotta; 40 ultrathin slices soppressata (or other Italian salami), about 4 oz; 1/4 cup chopped fresh parsley; Grilled Pizza Crust | INSTRUCTIONS: In a bowl, mix Romano and fontina. Make pizza crust. While second side of each crust is grilling, spread 1/8 cheese mixture over cooked side of each crust. Top with 1/8 peppers. Dollop 1/8 cup ricotta over each crust. Arrange 5 slices soppressata on each pizza. Sprinkle each with 1 1/2 tsp parsley. Rotate 3 to 4 minutes until bottom is evenly golden brown. In a bowl, mix Romano and fontina. Make pizza crust. While second side of each crust is grilling, spread 1/8 cheese mixture over cooked side of each crust. Top with 1/8 peppers. Dollop 1/8 cup ricotta over each crust. Arrange 5 slices soppre <END>
INPUT: Italian, cakes, crabmeat, roasted peppers from, Basil Aioli, lemon peel, breadcrumbs
OUTPUT: TITLE: Crab Cakes with Basil Aïoli | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 12 ounces crabmeat; 1/4 cup minced roasted red peppers from jar; Basil Aioli; 1 1/2 teaspoons grated lemon peel; 3 cups fresh breadcrumbs (from about 8 ounces of French bread); 2 large egg yolks; All purpose flour; 2 egg whites, beaten just until foamy; 3 tablespoons butter | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine crabmeat, red peppers, 3 tablespoons Basil Aioli and lemon peel in large bowl. Mix in 1 1/3 cups breadcrumbs. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Mix in yolks (mixture will be soft). Form crab mixture into eight 3/4-inch-thick cakes, using generous 1/4 cupful for each. Coat cakes on both sides with flour; shake off excess. Brush both sides with beaten whites, then coat with remaining breadcrumbs. Cover; chill at least 2 hours and up to 6 hours. Melt butter in heavy large skillet over medium-high heat. Working in batches, cook cakes until golden brown and heated through, about 4 minut <END>
INPUT: smothered, all purpose flour, onion powder, garlic powder, cayenne, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Smothered Pork Chops | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup all-purpose flour; 2 tablespoons onion powder; 2 tablespoons garlic powder; 1 teaspoon cayenne; 1 teaspoon salt; 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 4 pork chops, 3/4-inch thick, bone-in; 1/4 cup olive oil; 1 cup chicken broth; 1/2 cup buttermilk; Chopped fresh flat-leaf parsley, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Put the flour in a shallow platter and add the onion powder, garlic powder, cayenne, salt, and pepper; mix with a fork to distribute evenly. Pat the pork chops dry with paper towels to remove any moisture and then dredge them in the seasoned flour; shaking off the excess. Heat a large saute pan or cast iron skillet over medium heat and coat with the oil. When the oil is nice and hot, lay the pork chops in the pan in a single layer and fry for 3 minutes on each side until golden brown. Remove the pork chops from the pan and add a little sprinkle of seasoned flour  <END>
INPUT: American, sandwiches, bell peppers, good olive oil, balsamic vinegar, garlic, kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Pepper and Goat Cheese Sandwiches | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 4 large red or yellow bell peppers, preferably Holland; 2 tablespoons good olive oil; 1 tablespoon balsamic vinegar; 2 cloves garlic, minced; 2 teaspoon kosher salt; 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 2 tablespoons drained capers; 1 large ciabatta bread, halved horizontally; 1 (11-ounce) garlic-and-herb or plain goat cheese (recommended: Montrachet) at room temperature; 8 to 10 large basil leaves; 3 thin slices red onion; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the oven to 500 degrees F. Place the whole peppers on a sheet pan and place in the oven for 30 to 40 minutes, until the skins are completely wrinkled and the peppers are charred, turning them twice during roasting. Remove the pan from the oven and immediately cover it tightly with aluminum foil. Set aside for 30 minutes, or until the peppers are cool enough to handle. Meanwhile, combine the olive oil, balsamic vinegar, garlic, salt, and pepper in a small bowl. Set aside. Remove the stem from each pepper and cut them in quarters. Remove the peels and seeds <END>
INPUT: Italian, smoothie, plain yogurt, basil leaves, Lemon Simple Syrup, ice, water
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sweet Basil Smoothie | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/4 cups plain yogurt; 1 cup packed fresh basil leaves; 1 1/2 cups Lemon Simple Syrup, recipe follows; 1 cup ice; 1 cup water; 1 cup sugar; 1 1/2 teaspoons lemon zest | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. In a blender, combine the yogurt, basil, Lemon Simple Syrup, and ice. Blend until smooth and frothy. Pour into frosted glasses and serve immediately. In a small saucepan, combine the water, sugar, and lemon zest over medium heat. Bring to a boil, reduce the heat and simmer for 5 minutes, stirring occasionally, until the sugar has dissolved. Take the pan off the heat and allow the syrup to cool, about 20 minutes. Strain before using. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, vegetable oil, beef patty veggie, kosher salt, pepper, hamburger bun
OUTPUT: TITLE: Zesty Garlic Guacamole Burger | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2 teaspoons vegetable oil; 6 oz. ground beef patty or veggie patty; 1/4 teaspoon kosher salt; 1/8 teaspoon pepper; 1 seeded hamburger bun; 3 tablespoons guacamole; 1/4 cup shredded lettuce; 1 slice tomato; Vlasic® Zesty Garlic Dill Stackers; 3 to 4 tortilla chips | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. Pour vegetable oil into a cast iron or fry pan and heat until oil shimmers. Sprinkle hamburger patty with salt and pepper on both sides and add to hot fry pan. 2. While burger is cooking, add bun, cut side down, to fry pan. Heat until grilled, 2 to 3 minutes, then remove. 3. Cook burger to desired doneness and turn off heat. 4. Layer lettuce and chips on bottom of bun and spread guacamole 5. Then layer burger, tomato, and Vlasic® Zesty Garlic Dill Stackers. <END>
INPUT: American, pizza, bread dough piece, dill, Olive oil, soft mild goat, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Smoked Salmon, Dill and Goat Cheese Pizza | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 1-pound frozen white bread dough piece, thawed; 3/4 cup packed chopped fresh dill; Olive oil; 7 ounces soft mild goat cheese (such as Montrachet), crumbled; 1/2 cup chopped red onion; 4 ounces smoked salmon, cut into 1-inch pieces; 1/4 cup brine-cured olives (such as Kalamata), pitted, halved | INSTRUCTIONS: Let dough rise in warm draft-free area until doubled, about 1 hour. Preheat oven to 450°F. Butter 12-inch-diameter pizza pan. Knead dough briefly on floured surface. Sprinkle 1/4 cup dill over and knead dough until dill is well incorporated. Roll out dough on lightly floured surface to 12-inch round. Transfer to prepared pan. Build up edges of dough to form rim. Brush dough lightly with olive oil. Sprinkle 1/4 cup dill over, then goat cheese. Top with onion. Bake until cheese melts and crust is golden brown, about 20 minutes. Sprinkle smoked salmon, olives and remaining 1/4 cup dill over. Let  <END>
INPUT: gratin, mustard greens, Tbs. butter, Tbs. flour, milk, shallots
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mustard Greens and Cambozola Gratin | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 bunches mustard greens, trimmed, washed and blanched; 4 Tbs. butter; 4 Tbs. flour; 2 1/2 cups milk; 2 minced shallots; 1 sprig fresh thyme; 4 oz. cambozola cheese, crumbled; 1 baguette, thinly sliced, oiled seasoned and toasted; freshly grated nutmeg; ground cayenne pepper; salt and pepper to taste | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F. Butter a two-quart gratin or casserole dish, set aside. In a large saucepan, melt butter over medium high heat. Whisk in flour and cook and whisk for 3 minutes. Stir in shallots and sprig of thyme. Slowly whisk in milk and then cambozola cheese, nutmeg, cayenne, salt and pepper. Taste for seasoning. Make a layer of baguette slices in the bottom of the buttered gratin dish. Top that with blanched and squeezed-dry mustard greens. Pour milk mixture all over the top. Bake for 45 minutes until bubbling. <END>
INPUT: cakes, butter, creamy peanut butter, vanilla extract
OUTPUT: TITLE: Crispy Rice Cakes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 tablespoons butter, plus more for pans; 1 (10.5-ounce) packages miniature marshmallows; 1/3 cup creamy peanut butter; 2 teaspoons vanilla extract; 1 (12-ounce) box crispy rice cereal; 3 (2-ounce) bottles colored sprinkles, divided; 1 (16-ounce) package chocolate-flavored candy coating; 4 tablespoons solid vegetable shortening | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: Wooden ice pop sticks Lightly butter 2 (12-cup) muffin pans. Melt the butter in a large saucepan, over medium heat. Add the marshmallows and stir constantly until melted. Remove from the heat; stir in the peanut butter and vanilla. Add the cereal and 2 bottles of the sprinkles, stirring until combined. Using greased hands, press the mixture into the prepared pans, mounding mixture into a cupcake shape. Insert a wooden ice pop stick and let cool for 1 hour. Remove the rice cakes from pans. In a medium bowl, combine the candy coating and vegetable shortening. Microwave on high <END>
INPUT: sauce, Kosher salt pepper, bacon, virgin olive oil, assorted mushrooms
OUTPUT: TITLE: Filet Mignon with Mushrooms and Sauce Pinot Noir | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 (8-ounce) filet mignon steaks; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 bacon strips; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1 pound assorted mushrooms, such as shiitake, crimini, and chanterelle, stemmed and halved; 1 tablespoon finely chopped garlic; 2 sprigs fresh rosemary; 2 cups Pinot Noir; 2 tablespoons prepared demi-glace; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F. Season both sides of the filet mignon generously with salt and pepper. Wrap a piece of bacon around the sides of each steak and secure with butcher's twine. In a large heavy, ovenproof skillet, heat the olive oil over medium-high heat until almost smoking. Place the steaks in the hot pan and cook until well seared on 1 side, about 3 minutes. Turn the steaks over, there should be a nice crust on top. Add the mushrooms, garlic, and rosemary; give everything a good stir. Transfer the pan to the oven. Roast for 10 to 12 minutes or until the steaks are cooked medium-r <END>
INPUT: Italian, caponata, bruschetta, plum tomatoes, globe eggplants, virgin olive oil, Kosher salt pepper, canola oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Eggplant Caponata Bruschetta with Ricotta Salata | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 4 plum tomatoes, halved lengthwise; 2 medium globe eggplants, cut into 3/4-inch-thick slices; Extra virgin olive oil; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1/2 cup canola oil; 1 large stalk celery, diced; 1 small red onion, diced; 1/2 cup Sicilian green olives, pitted and chopped; 1/2 cup white wine vinegar; 1/4 cup golden raisins; 2 tablespoons capers, drained; 1 tablespoon granulated sugar; Pinch red chile flakes; 1/4 cup chopped fresh basil, plus more for garnish; 1/4 cup chopped flat-leaf parsley | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat a grill to medium-high heat. Brush the tomatoes and eggplant with olive oil and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Grill the eggplant until golden brown and cooked through, about 4 minutes each side. Grill the tomatoes until charred all over, about 8 minutes. Remove the eggplant and tomatoes from the heat and cut into dice. Heat 2 tablespoons of the canola oil in a large saute pan. Add the celery and onions and cook until soft, about 5 minutes. Add the eggplant and tomatoes and cook for 3 minutes. Add the olives, vinegar, raisins, capers, sugar, chile flakes, a big splash olive oil, salt a <END>
INPUT: Asian, vegetable oil, vegetable dumplings, mixed stir fry, shrimp, ginger
OUTPUT: TITLE: Shrimp and Dumpling Stir-Fry | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons vegetable oil; 1 13-ounce package frozen vegetable dumplings; 1 18-ounce bag mixed fresh stir-fry vegetables, large pieces halved (about 6 cups); 1 pound medium shrimp, peeled and deveined; 1 tablespoon finely chopped peeled ginger; 2 cloves garlic, thinly sliced; 1/3 cup sweet Thai chili sauce; 2 tablespoons low-sodium soy sauce; 1 tablespoon rice vinegar; 2 scallions, sliced | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat 1 tablespoon vegetable oil in a large nonstick skillet over medium-high heat. Add the dumplings in a single layer. Cook until browned, 2 to 3 minutes per side. Add 1/4 cup water to the skillet. Cook, stirring occasionally, until evaporated, about 1 minute; transfer the dumplings to a bowl. Heat 1 tablespoon vegetable oil in the skillet. Add the vegetables and cook, stirring occasionally, until crisp-tender and lightly browned, 8 to 10 minutes; transfer to the bowl with the dumplings. Heat the remaining 1 tablespoon vegetable oil in the skillet. Add the shrimp, ginger and garlic. Cook, sti <END>
INPUT: soup, baking potatoes, bacon, all purpose flour, milk
OUTPUT: TITLE: Baked Potato Soup | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 large baking potatoes; 6 bacon slices, plus crumbled cooked bacon, for serving; 2/3 cup (11 tablespoons) butter; 2/3 cup all-purpose flour; 8 cups milk; 5 ounces Cheddar, shredded, plus more for serving; 2 teaspoons salt; 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground pepper; 2 green onions (scallions), finely chopped, plus more for serving; 8 ounces sour cream, plus more for serving | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Wash the potatoes and prick them several times with a fork. Wrap them individually in foil and bake until they are soft when squeezed, about 1 hour (see Cook's Note). Let the potatoes cool slightly. While the potatoes bake, cook the bacon in a small skillet, in a microwave or on an indoor grill until crisp. Drain the bacon on paper towels and, when cool enough to handle, crumble into small pieces. Set aside. In a large heavy saucepan, melt the butter over low heat. Add the flour, stirring constantly for 1 minute until smooth. Gradually whisk in the milk and c <END>
INPUT: soup, leek, unsalted butter, water, coriander
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cauliflower Soup with Almonds | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 medium leek (white and pale green parts only), halved lengthwise, then cut crosswise into 1/2-inch-thick slices (3/4 cup); 1 teaspoon unsalted butter; 1 tablespoon water; 1 (2-lb) head cauliflower, cored and cut into 1-inch pieces (6 cups); 3/4 teaspoon ground coriander; 1 3/4 cups fat-free reduced-sodium chicken broth (14 fl oz); 1 1/4 cups 1% milk; 1 1/4 teaspoons salt; 1/4 teaspoon black pepper; 1 tablespoon sliced almonds | INSTRUCTIONS: Wash leek slices in a bowl of cold water, agitating, then lift out and pat dry. Melt butter with water in a 4- to 5-quart heavy saucepan over moderate heat. Add cauliflower and leek and cook, uncovered, stirring occasionally, until cauliflower begins to soften (do not let brown), about 5 minutes. Add coriander and cook, stirring, 1 minute, then add broth, milk, salt, and pepper and bring to a simmer, stirring occasionally. Reduce heat and gently simmer, covered, stirring occasionally, until cauliflower is very tender, 15 to 20 minutes. While soup is cooking, toast almonds in a dry skillet over <END>
INPUT: jerk, dark sugar, soy sauce, thyme leaves, nutmeg, allspice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Jerk Chicken | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup dark brown sugar; 2 tablespoons soy sauce; 1 tablespoon fresh thyme leaves; 1 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg; 1/2 teaspoon ground allspice; 1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 6 scallions, roughly chopped; 3 cloves garlic; 1 habanero or scotch bonnet chile, seeded; Kosher salt; Vegetable oil, for drizzling and oiling the pan; 8 pieces mixed chicken thighs and breasts, boneless and skin on; Mango Chutney, recipe follows; Fresh cilantro leaves, for serving; 1/3 cup dark raisins | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine the sugar, soy sauce, thyme, nutmeg, allspice, cinnamon, scallions, garlic, habanero and a pinch of salt together in a food processor and blend for a couple of minutes, scraping up any pieces that cling to the walls to make sure everything is blended evenly. Drizzle veggie oil on the chicken and work the spice rub into the chicken, making sure to put the mixture under the skin as well. Cover and let the chicken marinate in the refrigerator for at least 3 hours or up to overnight. Oil and preheat a grill pan over medium heat. Grill the chicken skin-side down, flipping halfway through, 5 <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, couscous, boiling water, salt, orange zest, orange juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Couscous with Orange and Almonds | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups instant couscous; 2 cups boiling water; 1 teaspoon salt, plus more for seasoning; 1 teaspoon finely grated orange zest; 2 tablespoons fresh orange juice; 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar; 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 1/2 medium onion, thinly sliced; 1 orange, peeled, segmented and diced; 3 tablespoons finely chopped fresh mint leaves; 3 tablespoons finely chopped fresh flat-leaf parsley; 1 head radicchio, shredded; Freshly ground black pepper; Toasted slivered almonds | INSTRUCTIONS: Put the couscous in a large bowl, add the 2 cups boiling water, 1 teaspoon salt and orange zest, then cover and let steam for 5 minutes. Remove the cover and fluff with a fork. Whisk together the orange juice, vinegar and olive oil in a small bowl. Add half of the dressing to the couscous along with the onion, orange, mint and parsley and gently combine with a fork. Put the radicchio in a bowl, add the remaining dressing and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Transfer the couscous to a large platter, top with the radicchio and garnish with slivered almonds. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, maple syrup, orange juice concentrate, chipotle adobo, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chipotle Orange Glazed Pork Chops | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons maple syrup; 2 tablespoons orange juice concentrate; 1 teaspoon finely chopped seeded chipotle with 1/2 teaspoon adobo; 4 (3/4-inch thick) center cut pork loin chops (about 8 ounces each); 1/2 teaspoons salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. In a small bowl combine the maple syrup, orange juice concentrate and chipotle. Preheat grill pan. Sprinkle both sides of the chops with salt. Brush 1 side of chops generously with glaze. Place on grill pan glaze side down. Brush other side with glaze. Cook 3 to 4 minutes per side over medium-high heat. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, salad, apple cider, orange juice, lime juice, olive oil, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Radish Salad | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons apple cider; 2 tablespoons orange juice; 2 tablespoons fresh lime juice; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1 teaspoon sugar; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 12 ounces radishes, trimmed and each cut into wedges; 1/4 cup fresh cilantro leaves; 1/4 cup finely chopped red onion | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large bowl whisk together the cider, orange juice, lime juice, olive oil, and sugar until the sugar dissolves. Taste and season with a pinch of salt and pepper. Add the radish wedges, cilantro, and red onion. Toss gently and refrigerate for at least an hour making sure to toss the salad midway through its ride in the refrigerator. Serve cold or at room temperature. <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, california, pouch, pizza crust, olive oil, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tuna California Pizza | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 1 pouch or can (5 oz.) tuna; 1 large prepared pizza crust; 2 tbsp. olive oil; 1 garlic clove, minced; 1 jar (6 oz) marinated artichoke hearts; 1/2 red bell pepper, sliced; 1/2 red onion, sliced; 1 cup Feta cheese, crumbled; 1/4 cup fresh basil, chopped (or 1 Tablespoon dried basil) | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 450 degrees (Fahrenheit). Place pizza crust on baking sheet. Heat olive oil in small skillet over medium heat. Add garlic and saute 30 second (do not burn). Spread sauteed garlic oil over pizza crust. Spread flaked tuna over crust evenly. Top with red peppers, artichokes, red onion and feta cheese. Sprinkle with basil. Bake 8-10 minutes.; <END>
INPUT: harvest, raisins, Bosc pears, lemon juice, Concord Muscat grapes, Pazzo Marinade
OUTPUT: TITLE: Harvest Pazzo | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup white raisins; 2 Bosc pears, cored and thinly sliced; 1 tablespoon lemon juice; 1/2 pound Concord or Muscat grapes, halved and seeded; 1/3 cup Pazzo Marinade, recipe follows; 4 biscotti; 6 tablespoons balsamic vinegar; 1/2 cup superfine sugar; Pinch gray salt; Pinch freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: In a small bowl, pour 1 cup of warm water over the raisins and let sit for a few minutes. Drain. In a medium bowl, toss pears with lemon juice to prevent oxidization. Put in separate containers. When ready to serve, combine the raisins, grapes, and pears in a large bowl and pour the Pazzo Marinade over them. Toss until fruit is fully coated. Gently crush the biscotti into 4 serving bowls. Spoon fruit on top, reserving the marinade. Drizzle with the reserved marinade, and serve immediately. In a bowl, combine ingredients and mix well to incorporate. Let stand for 15 minutes. When ready to use,  <END>
INPUT: dressing, olive oil, pancetta, onion, garlic, thyme leaves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Creamy Pancetta Dressing | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons olive oil; 1 1/2 cups roughly cut pancetta; 1 onion, finely chopped; 1 clove garlic, minced; 2 tablespoons minced fresh thyme leaves; 1/4 cup cider vinegar; 1 cup mayonnaise; 1 cup sour cream; Freshly ground black pepper; 3 heads iceberg lettuce, quartered and cleaned | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat a saucepan over medium-high heat. When the pan is hot, add the olive and heat. When the oil is hot, add pancetta and saute, and caramelize for about 10 to 15 minutes. Stir onion into mixture, toss and saute for another 10 minutes, until the onion begins to brown. Add garlic, thyme, and cider vinegar, and remove from heat. Allow mixture to cool for about a 1/2 an hour. Place cooled mixture into bowl, add mayonnaise and sour cream. Season with black pepper, to taste. Serve over iceberg wedges. <END>
INPUT: Italian, frascatelli, semolina flour, Kosher salt, mustard greens, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Frascatelli with Pecorino and Mustard Greens | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups semolina flour (pasta flour); Kosher salt; 1/4 cup (1/2 stick) unsalted butter; 1 bunch mustard greens (about 6 ounces), center ribs and stems removed, leaves torn into pieces (about 6 cups); Freshly ground black pepper; 1/4 cup grated Pecorino or Parmesan; Ingredient info: Semolina flour is available at Italian markets, specialty foods stores, and some supermarkets | INSTRUCTIONS: Spread semolina flour in an even layer in an 8x8x2" baking dish. Fill a small bowl with 1 cup water and set next to dish. Working in 4-5 batches, gather your fingertips and thumb of 1 hand together and, working quickly, dip into bowl of water, lift hand from bowl, and splatter water over semolina. Repeat several times until surface of semolina is dotted with ragged wet patches about the size of a nickel. Let stand until water is absorbed, forming individual dumplings, about 5 seconds. Using a fish spatula or slotted spoon, turn dumplings over to coat with semolina, then transfer to a sieve. Sh <END>
INPUT: Italian, lacinato kale, olive oil, onion, garlic, spaghetti
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spaghetti with Braised Kale | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound lacinato kale (about 2 bunches), large center ribs and stems removed, cut crosswise into 1/2-inch slices; 3 tablespoons olive oil, divided; 1 medium onion, finely chopped (about 1 1/2 cups); 8 large garlic cloves, thinly sliced; 1/2 pound spaghetti; 2 teaspoons fresh lemon juice; Finely grated Parmesan cheese | INSTRUCTIONS: Rinse kale. Drain; transfer to bowl with some water still clinging. Heat 2 tablespoons olive oil in heavy large pot over medium heat. Add chopped onion and cook until soft and translucent, stirring occasionally, about 6 minutes. Add sliced garlic and sprinkle with salt; cook until onion is golden brown, stirring occasionally, about 5 minutes. Add kale and remaining 1 tablespoon olive oil and toss until wilted, about 3 minutes. Cover pot and reduce heat to medium-low. Continue cooking until kale is very tender, stirring occasionally and adding water by teaspoonfuls if dry, about 20 minutes. Mea <END>
INPUT: bites, cream cheese, Parmesan, jalapeno peppers, egg, plain breadcrumbs
OUTPUT: TITLE: Jalapeno Bites | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: One 8-ounce package cream cheese, softened; 8 ounces Parmesan, grated (about 2 cups); 4 tablespoons seeded and chopped jalapeno peppers; 1 large egg, beaten; 3 cups dry plain breadcrumbs | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Mix the cream cheese, Parmesan, jalapenos and egg to form a paste. Shape into balls using about 1/2 tablespoon of paste for each. Roll the balls in the breadcrumbs. Place on an un-greased baking sheet and bake for 10 to 15 minutes, until golden brown. Serve warm. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, salsa, vegetable oil, uncooked shrimp, olive oil, lime juice, pineapple
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Shrimp with Pineapple Salsa | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: Nonstick vegetable oil spray; 36 uncooked large shrimp, peeled, deveined; 4 tablespoons olive oil; 4 tablespoons fresh lime juice; 1/2 large pineapple, peeled, cut into 1/2-inch-thick slices, cored; 3/4 cup chopped red onion; 1/4 cup chopped fresh cilantro; 2 tablespoons chopped seeded jalapeño chili | INSTRUCTIONS: Spray grill with nonstick spray; preheat barbecue (medium-high heat). Thread shrimp on 6 skewers. Whisk 2 tablespoons oil and 2 tablespoons lime juice in small bowl to blend; brush mixture over shrimp. Sprinkle shrimp with salt and pepper; let marinate 15 minutes. Sprinkle 12 pineapple slices with salt and pepper. Grill pineapple until just tender, about 4 minutes per side. Transfer to work surface; cut pineapple into 1/2-inch pieces. Place in bowl; mix in onion, cilantro, chili, remaining 2 tablespoons oil and 2 tablespoons lime juice. Season salsa with salt and pepper. Grill shrimp until jus <END>
INPUT: olive oil, pine nuts, garlic, Two broccoli rabe, sherry wine
OUTPUT: TITLE: Broccoli Rabe with Pine Nuts and Raisins | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon olive oil; 1/4 cup pine nuts; 1 garlic clove, minced; Two 2- to 2 1/2-pound bunches broccoli rabe, leaves and woody stems removed; 1/3 cup dry sherry or white wine; 1/4 cup golden raisins | INSTRUCTIONS: In extra-large skillet over medium heat, heat olive oil. Add pine nuts and toast, stirring constantly, until fragrant and just barely golden, 1 to 2 minutes. Add garlic and sauté 1 minute more. Add broccoli rabe, sherry, and golden raisins and cover pan. Cook, stirring occasionally, until broccoli rabe is tender, 7 to 10 minutes. Season with kosher or coarse sea salt and freshly ground pepper and serve. In extra-large skillet over medium heat, heat olive oil. Add pine nuts and toast, stirring constantly, until fragrant and just barely golden, 1 to 2 minutes. Add garlic and sauté 1 minute more. <END>
INPUT: grainy mustard, mild honey pure, rosemary, lemon zest
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cedar-Plank Salmon | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons grainy mustard; 2 tablespoons mild honey or pure maple syrup; 1 teaspoon minced rosemary; 1 tablespoon grated lemon zest; 1 (2-pounds) salmon fillet with skin (1 1/2 inches thick); Equipment: a cedar grilling plank (about 15 by 6 inches) | INSTRUCTIONS: Soak cedar grilling plank in water to cover 2 hours, keeping it immersed. Prepare grill for direct-heat cooking over medium-hot charcoal (medium-high heat for gas); see Grilling Procedure . Open vents on bottom and lid of charcoal grill. Stir together mustard, honey, rosemary, zest, and 1/2 teaspoon each of salt and pepper. Spread mixture on flesh side of salmon and let stand at room temperature 15 minutes. Put salmon on plank, skin side down (if salmon is too wide for plank, fold in thinner side to fit). Grill, covered with lid, until salmon is just cooked through and edges are browned, 13 to <END>
INPUT: cakes, Olive oil, lump crabmeat, scallions, herbs dill, olive oil–based mayonnaise
OUTPUT: TITLE: Baked Flaxseed Crab Cakes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Olive oil cooking spray; 1 pound lump crabmeat; 4 scallions, chopped; 2 tablespoons fresh herbs such as dill, chives, or tarragon; 1/2 cup olive oil–based mayonnaise; 1/4 cup ground flaxseeds; 1/4 cup quick-cooking rolled oats; 2 tablespoons hemp seeds; 1/2 teaspoon seafood seasoning such as reduced-sodium Old Bay; 1/2 pound romaine lettuce; 1 tablespoon olive oil; 1 tablespoon red wine vinegar | INSTRUCTIONS: Position a rack in the center of the oven. Coat a baking sheet with olive oil cooking spray. Pick through the crabmeat to make sure there aren’t any shells. Set aside. Put the scallions, fresh herbs, mayonnaise, and flaxseeds in a large bowl and stir well to combine. Add the crabmeat and give it a gentle toss. Place the oats, hemp seeds, and seafood seasoning on a plate. Toss with your fingers to mix. Form the crabmeat mixture into four 4-inch-wide patties and press into the oat-seed mixture. Transfer to the prepared baking sheet. Mist the tops with olive oil cooking spray and transfer to the  <END>
INPUT: trifle, heavy whipping cream, high quality chocolate, almond extract, sugar, water
OUTPUT: TITLE: Raspberry, White Chocolate, and Almond Trifle | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 1/2 cups chilled heavy whipping cream, divided; 12 ounces high-quality white chocolate (such as Lindt or Perugina), chopped; 1 1/4 teaspoons almond extract, divided; 1/2 cup sugar; 1/2 cup water; 7 ounces Boudoirs or Champagne biscuits (crisp ladyfinger cookies),* divided; 1 cup raspberry jam, melted, divided; 1 1/2 12-ounce packages frozen unsweetened raspberries, partially thawed, divided; 2 6-ounce containers fresh raspberries; 3/4 cup sliced almonds, toasted | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring 1 cup cream to simmer in medium saucepan. Remove from heat. Add white chocolate; whisk until smooth. Cool to barely lukewarm, about 10 minutes. Beat 2 1/2 cups cream and 1/2 teaspoon extract in large bowl to soft peaks. Fold in white chocolate mixture. Stir sugar and 1/2 cup water in small saucepan over medium heat until sugar melts. Mix in 3/4 teaspoon extract; remove syrup from heat. Quickly submerge 1 biscuit in syrup; shake excess back into pan. Place dipped biscuit in bottom of 14-cup trifle dish. Repeat with enough biscuits to cover bottom of dish. Spread 1/3 of melted jam over bis <END>
INPUT: toffee, hazelnuts, sugar, kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Salted Hazelnut Toffee | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Nonstick cooking spray; 2 cups hazelnuts; 1 cup (2 sticks) unsalted butter; 1 cup sugar; 1/8 teaspoon kosher salt; 1 cup dark chocolate chips; Coarse sea salt, for sprinkling | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: a nonstick silicone liner; a candy thermometer Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with a nonstick silicone liner and coat it with cooking spray. Set aside. On another baking sheet, roast the hazelnuts until fragrant, 10 minutes. Remove them to a plate. Combine the butter, sugar and salt in a medium saucepan and bring to a boil, whisking until melted. Cook, whisking occasionally, until the mixture registers 300 degrees F on a candy thermometer. Immediately remove from the heat and stir in the hazelnuts. Pour the mixture onto the prepared baking sheet and s <END>
INPUT: Italian, salad, shaved, asparagus, mushrooms, radishes, lemon juice, Dijon mustard
OUTPUT: TITLE: Asparagus and Mushroom Salad with Shaved Parmesan | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound medium to thick asparagus, trimmed; 1/2 pound mushrooms, stems trimmed even with caps; 4 medium radishes, halved lengthwise and sliced thin crosswise; 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 2 teaspoons Dijon mustard; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/3 cup extra-virgin olive oil; Freshly ground black pepper; 1 bunch watercress, coarse stems discarded; 1/4-pound piece Parmesan, room temperature | INSTRUCTIONS: With a sharp knife, cut asparagus diagonally into very thin slices and transfer to a large bowl. Halve large mushrooms. Slice mushrooms very thin and add with radishes to asparagus. Toss salad gently. In a small bowl, whisk together lemon juice, mustard and salt. Add oil in a stream, whisking, and whisk until emulsified. Drizzle dressing over asparagus salad and toss gently. Grind pepper over salad. Spread watercress on a platter and top with asparagus salad. With a vegetable peeler, shave 1/2 to 3/4 of Parmesan into curls over salad, reserving remaining Parmesan for another use. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, chili, bell pepper, butternut squash, EVOO, nutmeg, cinnamon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chorizo, Roasted Butternut and Zucchini Chili Pot | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 large red bell pepper; 1 butternut squash, peeled, seeded and chopped; 1 tablespoon EVOO, plus more for drizzling; 1/2 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg; 1/4 teaspoon ground cinnamon; Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper; 2 cups chicken stock; 3/4 cup loosely packed tender sun-dried tomatoes (not packed in oil); 12 ounces chorizo, cut into bite-size pieces; 2 small or 1 medium zucchini, halved lengthwise, seeded and chopped; 1 onion, chopped; 1/3 recipe Roasted Garlic Paste, recipe follows (or 2 heads roasted garlic); 1/4 cup chopped fresh cilantro, plus more for serving; 1 teaspoon dried Mexican oregano; 2 to 3 tablespoons seeded pureed chipotles in adobo sauce | INSTRUCTIONS: Roast the bell pepper over a gas flame, turning with tongs, or broil until the skin is blackened. Transfer to a bowl, cover and let cool. Peel, seed and chop the pepper. Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Spread the butternut squash on a rimmed baking sheet, drizzle lightly with EVOO, sprinkle with the nutmeg and cinnamon and season with salt and pepper. Roast until tender and browned at the edges, 20 to 25 minutes. Keep the oven on. Meanwhile, combine the stock and sun-dried tomatoes in a small saucepan. Bring to a low simmer over medium heat and cook until very tender. Heat 1 tablespoon EVOO <END>
INPUT: americana, bourbon, sugar, Angostura bitters, Ice cubes, long lemon peel
OUTPUT: TITLE: Champagne Americana | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup bourbon; 3 1/2 tablespoons sugar; 1 teaspoon Angostura bitters; Ice cubes; 8 2-inch-long strips lemon peel (yellow part only); 1 750-ml bottle chilled dry Champagne or sparkling wine | INSTRUCTIONS: Mix bourbon, sugar and bitters in glass measuring cup. Let stand until sugar begins to dissolve, stirring occasionally, about 10 minutes. Fill eight 8-ounce wineglasses with ice cubes. Add 1 lemon peel strip to each glass. Divide bourbon mixture among wineglasses. Fill glasses with Champagne and serve. Mix bourbon, sugar and bitters in glass measuring cup. Let stand until sugar begins to dissolve, stirring occasionally, about 10 minutes. Fill eight 8-ounce wineglasses with ice cubes. Add 1 lemon peel strip to each glass. Divide bourbon mixture among wineglasses. Fill glasses with Champagne and <END>
INPUT: sandwiches, mayonnaise, parsley, scallions, hot sauce, Worcestershire sauce
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fried Green Tomato Sandwiches | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 cup mayonnaise; 3 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley; 3 scallions, minced; 2 teaspoons green hot sauce; 1 1/2 teaspoons Worcestershire sauce; Kosher salt; 6 medium green tomatoes (about 1 1/2 pounds); 1 cup white vinegar; 1/4 cup sugar; Kosher salt; 3 tablespoons pickling spice; 1 handful fresh dill (leaves and stems); 2 cups all-purpose flour; 1/2 cup cornmeal; 1 tablespoon chili powder | INSTRUCTIONS: Make the sauce: Combine the mayonnaise, parsley, scallions, hot sauce, Worcestershire sauce, and salt to taste in a bowl. Cover and refrigerate. Slice the green tomatoes 1/4 inch thick and place in a large bowl. Combine the vinegar, sugar and 1 tablespoon salt in a saucepan. Put the pickling spice in a tea ball or tie in a square of cheesecloth with twine; add to the saucepan along with the dill. Simmer over medium heat, stirring, until the sugar dissolves, about 5 minutes. Add 2 cups cold water and pour over the green tomatoes. Let sit at room temperature 1 hour, 30 minutes. Whisk the flour,  <END>
INPUT: salad, Brussels sprouts, Tuscan kale, garlic, shallot, pecorino
OUTPUT: TITLE: Kale and Brussels Sprout Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 cups Brussels sprouts; 1 large bunch Tuscan kale, center stems discarded; 1 small clove garlic; 1 small shallot; 1 cup finely grated pecorino; 1/2 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 1/2 cup toasted pine nuts; 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard; 3 lemons, zested and juiced; Salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. In a food processor fitted with a slicing blade, shred the Brussels sprouts. Next, shred the kale. Add the garlic and shallot and shred. (Alternatively, shred and mince the vegetables with a knife.) Set aside. In a large bowl, whisk together the pecorino, olive oil, pine nuts, mustard, lemon zest and juice and salt and pepper to taste. Add in the shredded vegetables and toss well to combine. Let the salad sit for 10 minutes before serving to allow the dressing to permeate the greens. <END>
INPUT: souffles, bittersweet, heavy whipping cream, sugar, dark rum
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate Souffles | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 10 ounces bittersweet (not unsweetened) or semisweet chocolate, finely chopped; 3/4 cup heavy whipping cream; 5 tablespoons sugar; 2 tablespoons (1/4 stick) unsalted butter; 1 tablespoon dark rum; 1 tablespoon vanilla extract; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 6 large eggs, separated; Pinch of cream of tartar; Powdered sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine first 7 ingredients in heavy medium saucepan. Stir over low heat until chocolate melts and mixture is smooth. Remove from heat; cool to lukewarm. (Chocolate base can be made 1 day ahead. Cover; chill. Stir over low heat just until lukewarm before continuing.) Preheat oven to 350°F. Butter eight 3/4-cup ramekins or custard cups and coat insides with sugar. Whisk egg yolks into lukewarm chocolate base. Using electric mixer, beat egg whites and cream of tartar in large bowl until soft peaks form. Fold whites into chocolate base in 3 additions. Divide soufflé mixture among prepared ramekin <END>
INPUT: Mexican, plancha, mussels, Veracruz salsa, lime juice, coarse salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mussels à la Plancha | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2 pounds small mussels (preferably cultivated), scrubbed well and beards pulled off; 2 sticks (1 cup) unsalted butter; 1/4 cup Veracruz salsa; 1 tablespoon fresh lime juice; 1/4 teaspoon coarse salt, or to taste; 6 fresh epazote leaves* if desired, chopped; 2 garlic cloves, unpeeled; 1 plum tomato; 1 tablespoon corn oil; 12 morita chiles* with seeds or 8 dried chipotle chiles* with seeds; 1 1/2 cups hot water; 1/4 teaspoon coarse salt, or to taste; available at Mexican markets | INSTRUCTIONS: To make the mussels: Prepare grill. Preheat a large griddle or 12-inch cast-iron skillet on a rack over very hot coals. When griddle or skillet is very hot, add mussels and cook, stirring occasionally if using skillet, until mussels are opened, about 3 minutes. Discard any unopened mussels. While mussels are cooking, in a small saucepan heat butter and salsa over moderately high heat until mixture sizzles. Remove pan from heat and stir in lime juice, salt, and epazote. Drizzle sauce over mussels. Prepare grill. Preheat a large griddle or 12-inch cast-iron skillet on a rack over very hot coals. <END>
INPUT: avocado, salad, Frico, Parmigiano Reggiano cheese, zucchini, virgin olive oil, kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Shrimp and Avocado Salad with Frico Chips | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Frico Chips:; 1/2 cup grated Parmigiano-Reggiano cheese; 1 medium zucchini, halved lengthwise; 1 teaspoon extra-virgin olive oil; 1/8 teaspoon kosher salt; 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 2 tablespoons soy sauce; 1 clove garlic, minced; Zest of 1 large lemon; 3 tablespoons chopped fresh flat-leaf parsley; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh chives; 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt; 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 12 jumbo shrimp, peeled and deveined; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: nonstick silicon baking mat, such as Silpat; eight 1/2-cup ramekins For the frico chips: Place an oven rack in the center of the oven. Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with a silicon mat. Place eight 1-tablespoon mounds of cheese on the mat and gently tap down until flat. Bake until golden and bubbly, 8 to 10 minutes. Let the frico chips cool until firm, about 5 minutes. Place a grill pan over medium-high heat or preheat a gas or charcoal grill. For the zucchini: Using a pastry brush, brush the zucchini halves with the oil and season with the salt. Gril <END>
INPUT: chowder, bacon, onion, unsalted butter, cumin, all purpose flour
OUTPUT: TITLE: Corn and Cheddar Chowder | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 bacon slices, cut into 3/4-inch pieces; 1 large onion, finely chopped; 1 tablespoon unsalted butter; 2 teaspoons ground cumin; 3 tablespoons all-purpose flour; 4 cups chicken broth; 1 large boiling potato, peeled and cut into 1/4-inch dice; 1/2 cup heavy cream; 10-ounce package frozen corn kernels; 1/2 pound sharp Cheddar, grated | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook bacon in a 3-quart heavy saucepan over moderate heat, stirring, until crisp and transfer with a slotted spoon to paper towels to drain. Add onion and butter to fat in pan and cook, stirring, until onion is softened. Add cumin and cook, stirring, 1 minute. Add flour and cook, stirring, 1 minute. Whisk in broth and bring to a boil, whisking occasionally. Add potato and simmer, covered, stirring occasionally, until just tender, 8 minutes. Stir in cream and corn and return to a simmer. Add Cheddar, stirring just until cheese is melted (do not let boil), and season generously with pepper. Serv <END>
INPUT: cake, sugar, eggs, sour cream, pure vanilla extract
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fresh Peach Cake | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 pound (1 stick) unsalted butter, at room temperature; 1 1/2 cups sugar; 2 extra-large eggs, at room temperature; 1 cup sour cream, at room temperature; 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract; 2 cups all-purpose flour; 1 teaspoon baking soda; 1 teaspoon baking powder; 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt; 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 3 large ripe peaches, peeled, pitted and sliced; 1/2 cup chopped pecans | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Grease a 9-inch-square baking pan. In the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, beat the butter and 1 cup of the sugar for 3 to 5 minutes on medium-high speed, until light and fluffy. With the mixer on low, add the eggs, one at a time, then the sour cream and vanilla, and mix until the batter is smooth. In a separate bowl, sift together the flour, baking soda, baking powder and salt. With the mixer on low, slowly add the dry ingredients to the batter and mix just until combined. In a small bowl, combine the remaining 1/2 cup sugar and t <END>
INPUT: rice, Salt lots pepper, pepper, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lemon Rice | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 tablespoons (1/2 stick) butter (preferred) or extra-virgin olive oil; 3 to 4 cups cooked rice, made by any method; Salt and lots of freshly ground black pepper; N/A freshly ground black pepper; 1 teaspoon minced garlic; Juice of 2 lemons, plus more if needed; 1 lemon, quartered | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. Heat half the butter or oil over medium-high heat in a large non-stick skillet; when the butter foam subsides or the oil is hot, spoon in the cooked rice, tossing and stirring. 2. Season with salt to taste, lots of pepper, the garlic, and most of the lemon juice. Cook, stirring frequently, for about 5 minutes, or until hot. Stir in the remaining butter or oil and cook for 1 minutes. 3. Remove the rice from the pan to a platter, add the remaining lemon juice and serve, with lemon quarters. 1. Heat half the butter or oil over medium-high heat in a large non-stick skillet; when the butter foam <END>
INPUT: piccata, cupslow fat chicken, wine, all purpose flour, water, unsalted butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Veal Piccata | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/4 cupslow-fat chicken stock or low-sodium fat-free chicken broth; 1/3 cup dry white wine; 1 tablespoon all-purpose flour; 2 tablespoons water; 1 tablespoon unsalted butter; 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh flat-leaf parsley; 2 lb veal cutlets (also called scallopini; 1/4 inch thick); 3/4 teaspoon salt; 1/2 teaspoon black pepper; 1 lemon, thinly sliced; Special equipment: a well-seasoned ridged grill pan; Accompaniment:buttered noodles with chives | INSTRUCTIONS: Make sauce: Boil stock and wine in a 2- to 3-quart heavy saucepan until reduced by about half (to about 3/4 cup), about 3 minutes. Whisk together flour and water in a cup, then whisk into stock. Boil, stirring, 1 minute, then remove from heat and stir in butter, lemon juice, and salt and pepper to taste. Keep sauce warm. Boil stock and wine in a 2- to 3-quart heavy saucepan until reduced by about half (to about 3/4 cup), about 3 minutes. Whisk together flour and water in a cup, then whisk into stock. Boil, stirring, 1 minute, then remove from heat and stir in butter, lemon juice, and salt and  <END>
INPUT: Asian, salad, mayonnaise, potatoes, soft tofu, lemon juice, tarragon, olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Potato Salad Tofu Mayonnaise | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound small red potatoes (about 7), scrubbed; 3 ounces soft tofu; 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice; 1/8 teaspoon dried tarragon; 2 tablespoons olive oil (preferably extra-virgin); 1/2 small red onion, sliced thin; 1/4 cup minced fresh parsley leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large saucepan combine the potatoes with enough water to cover them by 1 inch, bring the water to a boil, and boil the potatoes for 15 to 20 minutes, or until they are tender. While the potatoes are cooking, in a blender blend the tofu, the lemon juice, the tarragon, and 2 tablespoons water until the mixture is just combined, with the motor running add the oil in a stream and blend the "mayonnaise" until it is emulsified. Drain the potatoes, quarter them, and in a bowl toss them with the onion, the parsley, the mayonnaise, and salt and pepper to taste. In a large saucepan combine the pota <END>
INPUT: American, filled, cupcakes, Baking flour, all purpose flour, baking powder, fine salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Jelly-Filled Cupcakes With Peanut Butter Frosting | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: Baking spray with flour; 1 1/2 cups all-purpose flour; 1 teaspoon baking powder; 1/2 teaspoon fine salt; 1 stick (4 ounces) unsalted butter, at room temperature; 1 cup granulated sugar; 2 large eggs plus 1 egg yolk; 2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract; 3/4 cup milk; 1 cup grape jelly; Peanut Butter Frosting, recipe follows; Candy bars, crushed with a rolling pin, such as Reese's Pieces, Butterfinger, Nutter Butter, Heath Bar, or small sandwich cookies, for decorating; 1/2 cup smooth peanut butter; 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature; 4 ounces cream cheese, at room temperature | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the oven to 350 F. Line one 12-cup standard muffin tin with paper cupcake liners. Gently spray the liners with baking spray and set aside. Sift the flour, baking powder and salt over a large piece of paper. In a large bowl, cream the butter and granulated sugar with a hand mixer on medium speed until light and fluffy. Beat in the eggs, egg yolk and vanilla. Reduce the speed to low and scrape down the sides of the bowl. Pour in the milk and continue to mix until smooth (the batter may look curdled at first but will smooth out). Pick up the paper with the d <END>
INPUT: salad, cucumber, watercress, parsley, honey, wine vinegar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cucumber and Watercress Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 large cucumber, peeled and diced; 1 bunch of watercress, trimmed; 1/2 cup chopped parsley; 2 tablespoons honey; 2 tablespoons white wine vinegar; Splash of water; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil | INSTRUCTIONS: In a bowl, combine the cucumber, watercress and parsley. In a separate bowl, combine the honey, vinegar, water and season. Whisk in the extra-virgin olive oil. Drizzle the dressing over the vegetables and toss to coat. <END>
INPUT: French, gravlax, coriander seeds, coarse salt, peppercorns, granulated sugar, salmon fillet
OUTPUT: TITLE: Gravlax with Dill Mayonnaise | CUISINE: French | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons whole coriander seeds; 1/4 cup coarse salt; 1/4 cup cracked black peppercorns; 1/3 cup granulated sugar; 2 pounds skinless salmon fillet; 1 bunch fresh dill; Dill Mayonnaise (recipe below); Thinly sliced black bread; 4 egg yolks*; 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard; 3 tablespoons tarragon vinegar; 1 tablespoon granulated sugar; 1 1/4 cups olive oil; 3/4 cup soybean oil; 1 bunch chopped fresh dill leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook coriander seeds in a small dry saute pan just until the aroma is released. Crush seeds using the bottom of a heavy pot or a mortar and pestle. Mix seeds with salt, pepper, and sugar in a small bowl and reserve. Slice salmon in half across width and lay pieces side by side on counter, flesh-side up. Divide dry spice mixture in half and sprinkle one half over both pieces. Place half the dill sprigs on 1 piece of salmon and top with remaining piece of salmon to enclose the spices and herbs, as if making a sandwich. (Make the sandwich even by placing the thick end of salmon of top of thin end <END>
INPUT: sports, bars, vegetable oil, puffed grain cereal, walnuts, dates, tart cherries
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sports Bars with Dried Fruit and Peanut Butter | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Nonstick vegetable oil spray; 3 cups puffed whole grain cereal (such as Kashi); 1/2 cup walnuts, chopped; 1/4 cup chopped pitted dates; 1/4 cup chopped dried tart cherries; 1/4 cup raisins; 1/3 cup creamy peanut butter; 1/4 cup honey; 1/4 cup light corn syrup | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350°F. Spray 9-inch square metal baking pan with nonstick spray. Mix cereal, walnuts, dates, cherries, and raisins in medium bowl. Combine peanut butter, honey, and corn syrup in heavy small saucepan. Bring to boil, whisking constantly until mixture bubbles vigorously and thickens slightly, about 1 minute. Pour peanut butter mixture over cereal mixture in bowl; stir to blend. Transfer mixture to prepared pan; press to compact. Bake until just golden around edges, about 10 minutes. Cool completely. Cut into 2 1/2x1 1/2-inch bars. (Can be prepared 3 days ahead. Store in single la <END>
INPUT: crusted, fennel seeds, garlic, hot smoked Spanish, vegetable oil, pork loin chops
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fennel-Crusted Pork Chops with Potatoes and Shallots | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 tablespoons fennel seeds; 2 garlic cloves, finely grated; 1 teaspoon hot smoked Spanish paprika; 3 tablespoons vegetable oil, divided; 2 1"-thick bone-in pork loin chops (about 1 1/4 pounds total); Kosher salt, freshly ground pepper; 1 pound small Yukon Gold potatoes, quartered; 2 large shallots, cut into quarters with some root attached; 1/2 cup fresh flat-leaf parsley leaves; 2 teaspoons red wine vinegar | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 450°F. Toast fennel seeds in a small dry skillet over medium heat, tossing often, until fragrant, about 4 minutes. Let cool. Combine fennel seeds, garlic, paprika, and 2 tablespoons oil in a small bowl. Season pork with salt and pepper and place in a resealable plastic bag. Add spice mixture; seal bag and turn to coat. Let sit at least 30 minutes. Heat remaining 1 tablespoon oil in a large ovenproof skillet, preferably cast iron, over medium-high heat. Cook pork chops until golden brown on 1 side, about 4 minutes; turn. Add potatoes and shallots to skillet; season with salt and <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, salad, dressing, quinoa, garbanzo beans, cubes unpeeled English, container multicolored baby
OUTPUT: TITLE: Quinoa, Garbanzo, and Spinach Salad with Smoked Paprika Dressing | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cups quinoa (9 to 10 ounces), rinsed, drained; 4 cups (packed) baby spinach leaves; 2 15- to 16-ounce cans garbanzo beans (chickpeas), rinsed, drained; 1 3/4 cups 1/3-inch cubes unpeeled English hothouse cucumber; 1 1-pint container multicolored baby heirloom tomatoes, halved (2 1/2 cups); 1 cup (packed) fresh mint leaves; 1 1/2 cups coarsely crumbled feta cheese (about 7 ounces), divided; 1/4 cup Sherry wine vinegar; 2 1/2 teaspoons smoked paprika; 1/2 cup olive oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Place quinoa in large saucepan; add enough salted water to cover quinoa by 1 inch. Bring to boil. Reduce heat to medium-low; cover and simmer until quinoa is tender, 15 to 16 minutes. Drain. Chill until cool. Meanwhile, combine spinach leaves, garbanzos, cubed cucumber, halved tomatoes, mint leaves, and half of feta cheese in extra-large bowl. Add cooled quinoa and toss gently to blend. Whisk vinegar and smoked paprika in small bowl. Gradually whisk in oil. Season dressing with salt and pepper. Pour dressing over salad; toss to coat. Season generously with salt and pepper. Sprinkle remaining f <END>
INPUT: Asian, fizz, piece ginger, granulated sugar, milliliter bottles Prosecco, clementine orange
OUTPUT: TITLE: Ginger Fizz | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 3" piece ginger peeled, thinly sliced; 1/2 cup raw or granulated sugar; 2 750-milliliter bottles chilled Prosecco; 8 thin clementine or orange slices | INSTRUCTIONS: For ginger syrup: Bring one 3" piece ginger, peeled, thinly sliced, 1/2 cup raw or granulated sugar, and 1/2 cup water to a boil in a small saucepan; reduce heat and simmer 5 minutes. Let cool. Strain syrup through a fine-mesh sieve into a small jar or bowl; discard ginger. DO AHEAD: Syrup can be made 1 week ahead. Cover and chill. Bring one 3" piece ginger, peeled, thinly sliced, 1/2 cup raw or granulated sugar, and 1/2 cup water to a boil in a small saucepan; reduce heat and simmer 5 minutes. Let cool. Strain syrup through a fine-mesh sieve into a small jar or bowl; discard ginger. DO AHEAD: <END>
INPUT: salad, fennel bulbs, two artichoke hearts, tomatoes, Nicoise other brine
OUTPUT: TITLE: Artichoke and Fennel Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 fennel bulbs (about 2 pounds); two 14-ounce cans artichoke hearts, drained and quartered or, if large, cut into eighths; 2 tomatoes, chopped; 1/4 cup pitted Nicoise or other brine-cured black olives; 1 ounce (about 3) flat anchovy fillets, drained, minced, and mashed to a paste; 1/4 cup olive oil; 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 1/4 teaspoon dried orégano, crumbled; 1/4 teaspoon dried thyme, crumbled; freshly ground pepper to taste | INSTRUCTIONS: Trim the feathery tops from the fennel bulbs, reserving several for garnish, and trim the stalks to the point where they meet the bulb, reserving them for another use. Quarter the bulbs, discarding the core, and slice the quarters thin crosswise. In a large bowl combine the fennel, the artichoke hearts, the tomatoes, and the olives. In a bowl whisk together the anchovy past, the oil, the lemon juice, the orégano, and the thyme. Toss the fennel mixture with the dressing, season it with the pepper and salt, and garnish the salad with the reserved fennel tops. Trim the feathery tops from the fenn <END>
INPUT: mild virgin olive, haricots verts, apricots, pine nuts
OUTPUT: TITLE: Red Mullet Fillets with Haricots Verts and Dried Apricots | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 8 (2-ounce) rouget (red mullet) fillets with skin (from four 3/4-pound whole fish), pin bones removed with tweezers; 1/4 cup mild extra-virgin olive oil (preferably from Liguria), divided, plus additional for drizzling; 1/3 pound haricots verts, trimmed and cut into 1/4-inch pieces; 6 dried apricots, cut into 1/4-inch dice; 1/4 cup pine nuts, toasted; 6 large mint leaves, very thinly sliced crosswise; small mint leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: Pat fish dry, then score skin of each fillet twice diagonally with a sharp knife to help prevent them from curling in pan. Brush skin side with 1 tablespoon oil (total) and arrange fillets skin side down on a tray. Brush flesh sides with another tablespoon oil and season with 1/2 teaspoon salt. Preheat oven to 200°F. Heat 1 tablespoon oil in a large heavy skillet over medium-high heat until it shimmers. Sauté haricots verts, apricots, and toasted pine nuts until beans are crisp-tender with some golden edges, about 4 minutes. Remove from heat, then stir in mint and 1/4 teaspoon salt. Divide amo <END>
INPUT: mixed, bacon, garlic, onion, pepper flakes, Kosher salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Smoked Braised Mixed Greens | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 strips bacon, sliced; 3 cloves garlic, sliced; 1 onion, sliced; Pinch red pepper flakes; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 3 bunches dark leafy greens, such as kale, mustard greens, Swiss chard and collard greens, stemmed and inner ribs removed, leaves roughly chopped; 1/2 cup chicken stock | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat a large pot over medium-high heat. Add the bacon and render until you have enough fat to saute the garlic and onions. Add the garlic and onions and saute until soft, about 5 minutes. Add the pinch red pepper flakes and season with salt and pepper and cook for 1 minute more. Add the greens in handfuls, adding more as the greens start to wilt, tossing with tongs until all the greens are wilted down. Add the chicken stock and cover. Cook until the greens are tender, about 10 minutes. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, tonette, plain lowfat yogurt, tomato paste, mint leaves, cilantro leaves, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken Tonette | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups plain lowfat yogurt; 1 tablespoon tomato paste; 1/3 cup mint leaves, chopped; 1/3 cup cilantro leaves; 2 teaspoons minced garlic, or 1 clove grated; 1/2 fresh lime, juiced; 1 teaspoon curry powder; 1 teaspoon chili powder; 1 teaspoon cumin; 1 teaspoon coriander; 1 teaspoon turmeric; 1 teaspoon salt; 1/2 teaspoon black pepper; 3 (4-ounce) pieces chicken diced into 1-inch cubes; 1 pineapple, cored, peeled and cut into 1-inch pieces | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large bowl combine all ingredients except the chicken, pineapple, and red onion, and mix until evenly combined. Separate the mixture in half, placing one half into a re-sealable bag with the chicken. Marinate this overnight in the refrigerator. Optional: Skewer chicken, onion, and pineapple for presentation. Keep the remainder of the marinade in the refrigerator. On a non-stick grill pan, over high heat spray a little olive oil to coat the pan. Place the marinated chicken onto the hot pan. Brown the pieces on all sides. To the same pan, add the onions and pineapple. Once the onions have s <END>
INPUT: American, cake, cream, vegetable oil, sugar, eggs, orange juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Carrot-Orange Cake with Cream Cheese Frosting | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cups vegetable oil; 1 cup (packed) golden brown sugar; 1 cup sugar; 4 large eggs; 1/3 cup orange juice; 1 tablespoon grated orange peel; 2 cups all purpose flour; 2 teaspoons baking soda; 1 teaspoon baking powder; 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1 teaspoon ground ginger; 1/2 teaspoon ground nutmeg; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 3 cups finely grated peeled carrots; 1 cup raisins | INSTRUCTIONS: For cake: Preheat oven to 325°F. Lightly butter 13x9x2-inch baking pan. Line bottom with waxed paper; butter paper. Using electric mixer, beat oil and both sugars in large bowl until well blended. Add eggs 1 at a time, beating well after each addition. Beat in orange juice and peel. Sift flour, baking soda, baking powder, cinnamon, ginger, nutmeg and salt into large bowl; add to sugar mixture and beat to blend. Stir in carrots and raisins. Pour batter into prepared pan. Bake until tester inserted into center of cake comes out clean, about 55 minutes. Transfer pan to rack. Cool cake 15 minutes. <END>
INPUT: ceviche, radish, grapefruit, lemons, gray salt, pepper, serrano chili
OUTPUT: TITLE: Bay Scallop and Grapefruit Ceviche with Avocado and Radish | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 grapefruit, zested and juiced; 3 lemons, zested and juiced; 1 teaspoon gray salt; 1 tablespoon cracked black pepper; 1 serrano chili, thinly sliced; 1 teaspoon freshly chopped thyme leaves; 3/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 1 pound fresh bay scallops; 4 scallions, white and light green parts only, sliced thin; 1/2 cup minced red onion; 1/2 cup small diced red bell peppers; 1 1/2 tablespoons freshly chopped cilantro leaves; 3 tablespoons freshly chopped Italian parsley leaves; 6 cups baby salad greens; 3 avocados, peeled and medium diced | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: mandoline For the marinade: Combine all marinade ingredients except for olive oil in the blender. Blend until well combined and slowly drizzle in olive oil. Pour into a bowl and reserve. For assembly: In a nonreactive mixing bowl combine the scallops, scallions, onion, peppers, cilantro, and parsley with the marinade. Dress the avocado lightly with some of the leftover marinade. Allow to marinate, covered in the refrigerator, for 2 hours. Place the greens on a large serving plate. Using a slotted spoon, remove the ceviche and place on top of the greens leaving some of the ma <END>
INPUT: Mexican, corn, dumplings, beans, thyme, bay leaves, garlic, vegetable oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pork-Bean Chili With Corn Dumplings | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound dried black beans, picked over (about 2 cups); 1 teaspoon dried thyme; 3 bay leaves; 10 cloves garlic (6 smashed; 4 minced); 2 tablespoons vegetable oil; 1 large onion, diced; 3 tablespoons chili powder; 1/4 cup ancho chile powder; 1 tablespoon paprika; 1 tablespoon dried oregano; 1 tablespoon ground cumin; 1/2 teaspoon ground cloves; 2 14-ounce cans Mexican-style diced tomatoes with green chiles; 3 pounds boneless pork shoulder (Boston butt), trimmed and cut into 3/4-inch pieces; Kosher salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Make the chili: Put the beans in a Dutch oven or large pot and add enough water to cover. Bring to a simmer over medium-high heat and cook 10 minutes. Drain the beans, return them to the pot and cover with water by about 3 inches. Add the thyme, bay leaves and 4 smashed garlic cloves. Bring to a simmer over medium heat and cook, skimming off any foam, until the beans begin to soften, about 1 hour. Meanwhile, heat the vegetable oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Add the onion and cook, stirring, until golden, about 5 minutes. Stir in the minced garlic, chili powder, ancho chile powde <END>
INPUT: Italian, very tomatoes, wine vinegar, virgin olive oil, basil leaves, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Linguine with Raw Tomatoes and Basil | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 3 pounds very ripe tomatoes; 3 tablespoons red-wine vinegar; 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil plus 1 tablespoon pure olive oil; 1/2 cup coarsely chopped fresh basil leaves; 2 tablespoons finely chopped garlic; Salt, pepper to taste; 1 pound linguine; 1/2 cup freshly grated Parmigiano-Reggiano | INSTRUCTIONS: Coarsely chop the tomatoes, making sure to reserve the juice. Place tomatoes and juice in large bowl. Add the vinegar, 3 tablespoons of the extra-virgin olive oil, and the basil. Add the tablespoon of olive oil to a saute pan over medium high heat. Saute the garlic for 3 minutes, stirring. (Do not allow it to brown). Add to tomato mixture. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Let mixture sit at room temperature for at least 4 hours. When ready to serve, cook linguine in a large pot of boiling, salted water. When pasta is al dente, drain in a large colander, then transfer to a large bowl. Toss <END>
INPUT: herb, plain yogurt, flat leafed parsley, tarragon leaves, garlic, lemon juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Asparagus, Cucumber, and Sugar Snap Peas with Herb Garlic Dip | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 1/2 cups plain yogurt (about 24 ounces); 1 cup fresh flat-leafed parsley leaves; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh tarragon leaves; 1/2 teaspoon minced garlic; 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 1 pound thin asparagus; 1/2 pound sugar snap peas; 3 Kirby cucumbers; 1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Make dip In a cheesecloth-lined sieve or colander set over a bowl drain yogurt, covered and chilled, at least 8 hours and up to 1 day. Discard liquid in bowl and in a food processor pulse yogurt with remaining dip ingredients and salt and pepper to taste until herbs are finely chopped and yogurt is pale green. Dip may be made 1 day ahead and chilled, covered. In a cheesecloth-lined sieve or colander set over a bowl drain yogurt, covered and chilled, at least 8 hours and up to 1 day. Discard liquid in bowl and in a food processor pulse yogurt with remaining dip ingredients and salt and pepper t <END>
INPUT: Asian, ranchero, Vegetable oil, tofu, mixed vegetables, salsa, corn tortillas
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tofu Ranchero | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: Vegetable oil, to saute; 16 ounces tofu, diced; 6 cups diced mixed vegetables (recommended: onion, green bell peppers, zucchini, carrots, and mushrooms); 2 cups salsa; 8 corn tortillas; Jack cheese, shredded | INSTRUCTIONS: In a hot saute pan coated with oil, saute the tofu and vegetables until al dente, about 6 to 8 minutes. Add the salsa and cook the mixture until it is hot. Serve the tofu ranchero over a corn tortilla and top it with shredded cheese. <END>
INPUT: Indian, ever, salt, eggplants, Peanut corn oil, peanut corn oil, hot chiles
OUTPUT: TITLE: The Best Eggplants Ever | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons salt; 3 large eggplants (each about 1 pound and 2 ounces); Peanut or corn oil, for deep frying; 3 tablespoons peanut or corn oil; 2 whole hot dried red chiles; 1 teaspoon whole brown mustard seeds; 3 cloves garlic, finely chopped; 1 (28-ounce) can good-quality whole tomatoes, finely chopped, with the liquid; 10 fresh curry leaves, if available (use basil as an alternative with a different flavor); 1 (15-ounce) can chickpeas, drained and rinsed or 12 ounces cooked and drained; 3/4 teaspoon salt; 1 teaspoon ground cumin; 1 teaspoon ground coriander; 1/4 teaspoon ground turmeric; 10 tablespoons plain yogurt | INSTRUCTIONS: To prepare the eggplant: Pour 3 quarts of water into a very large bowl or large pan. Add the salt and stir well. Trim the eggplants, slicing off the very top and bottom, and then peel them. Cut them, crosswise, into about 5 slices each. Each slice should be about 1 1/4 to 1 1/2 inches thick. Put the slices into the salty water as you cut them. The slices will float. Upturn a plate on top of the slices and balance a weight (such as a clean glass jar filled with water) on top of the plate. Set aside for 3 to 10 hours. Remove the slices from the water and pat them dry. Pour about enough oil into  <END>
INPUT: slaw, fennel bulb, onion, parsley leaves, lemon juice, olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fennel Slaw | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 fennel bulb, thinly sliced; 1 red onion, thinly sliced; 1/4 cup freshly chopped parsley leaves; 2 tablespoons lemon juice; 2 tablespoons olive oil; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: In a medium bowl, whisk olive oil and lemon juice. Add fennel, onion, parsley and toss. Season with salt and black pepper to taste. Serve chilled and with the pork Panini. <END>
INPUT: Salt, vegetable oil, Foie Gras Celeriac, Persimmon Cylinders
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Venison with Foie Gras and Celeriac Slaw, Hedgehog Mushrooms and Persimmon | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 (4 to 5-ounce) venison loin; Salt; 1-ounce vegetable oil; Foie Gras and Celeriac Slaw, recipe follows; Persimmon Cylinders, recipe follows; Hedgehog Mushrooms, recipe follows; Fleur de Sel, for garnish; 8 ounces grade "A" foie gras; 2 medium celery roots; 2 tablespoons butter; Salt; 1/2 cup chopped fresh celery leaves; 2 persimmons; Salt; 1 ounce butter | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Season the venison with salt. Heat oil in an oven-safe saute pan over high heat. When oil is hot, add venison and gently caramelize the venison on both sides. Transfer the pan to the oven and cook until the venison is rare to medium-rare (125 degrees F). When done, transfer the venison to a rack and let rest for 5 minutes; reserve the pan juices. Cut venison into 8 medallions. In the center of each plate, place a portion of the Foie Gras and Celeriac Slaw. Place 2 venison medallions on top of the slaw. Next to the slaw, place 1 persimmon cylinder, with some H <END>
INPUT: Mexican, veracruz, vegetable oil, onion, garlic, tomato, jalapeno
OUTPUT: TITLE: Halibut Veracruz | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons vegetable oil; 1 cup thinly sliced yellow onion; 3 cloves garlic, thinly sliced; 2 cups diced tomato; 1 medium jalapeno, diced; 1 cup dry white wine; 2 tablespoons butter; 4 (8-ounce) halibut fillets; 1 teaspoon kosher salt; 1/2 cup Spanish olives, cut into thin rounds, plus 2 tablespoons olive juice from bottle; 2 medium avocados, peeled and sliced; 2 tablespoons fresh lime juice; 2 tablespoons freshly chopped cilantro leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Heat oil in a medium skillet over medium heat. Add onion and garlic, and cook until lightly colored, about 3 minutes. Add tomato, jalapeno and white wine. Cook until wine is reduced by 2/3, about 5 to 7 minutes. While sauce is reducing, heat butter in a separate skillet over medium heat. Season fish with kosher salt. When butter is melted, add halibut to the pan. Cook for 2 minutes, flip over and then transfer pan to preheated oven and bake until cooked through, about 10 minutes. Remove sauce from heat when reduced and stir in olives and olive juice. To serve, di <END>
INPUT: carrots, apple cider vinegar, sugar, kosher salt, peppercorns
OUTPUT: TITLE: Quick-Pickled Carrots | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound carrots, peeled and sliced on the diagonal into 1/8-inch-thick coins; 1 cup apple cider vinegar; 1/4 cup sugar; 2 tablespoons kosher salt; 1 tablespoon black peppercorns; 1 tablespoon mustard seeds | INSTRUCTIONS: Place carrots in a heatproof resealable container or jar. Combine vinegar, sugar, salt, peppercorns, mustard seeds, and 1/2 cup water in a small pot. Bring to a boil over high heat, stirring occasionally. Immediately pour over carrots. Let cool to room temperature, then cover and refrigerate at least 2 hours before serving. Place carrots in a heatproof resealable container or jar. Combine vinegar, sugar, salt, peppercorns, mustard seeds, and 1/2 cup water in a small pot. Bring to a boil over high heat, stirring occasionally. Immediately pour over carrots. Let cool to room temperature, then cov <END>
INPUT: plantains, Vegetable oil needed, Salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Ripe Plantains | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 large ripe plantains; Vegetable oil as needed; Salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Cut plantains in half and peel. Slice them crosswise on the diagonal into 1/4inch ovals. In a 10inch iron skillet heat oil over moderate heat until hazy. Fry the plantains for about 4 minutes a side, turning them once. They should look golden brown. Drain on paper towels and season well with salt and pepper. <END>
INPUT: serrano, shallot, thyme, unsalted butter, bell peppers, low salt chicken
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Yellow Pepper Soup and Roasted Tomato Soup with Serrano Cream | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons finely chopped shallot; 1/2 teaspoon dried thyme, crumbled; 1 tablespoon unsalted butter; 6 yellow bell peppers, roasted and chopped coarse; 1 1/2 cups low-salt chicken broth, plus additional to thin the soup; 1/4 cup heavy cream; Fresh lemon juice; Salt and pepper; 3 pounds plum tomatoes, quartered lengthwise; 3 unpeeled large garlic leaves; 3 tablespoons finely chopped shallot; 1/2 teaspoon dried oregano, crumbled; 1 teaspoon unsalted butter; 1 1/2 cups low-salt chicken broth plus additional to thin the soup; 1/4 cup heavy cream | INSTRUCTIONS: To roast the peppers: Using a long-handled fork, char the peppers over an open flame, turning them for 2 to 3 minutes, or until the skins are blackened. Transfer the peppers to a bowl and let them steam, covered, until they are cool enough to handle. Keeping the peppers whole, peel them starting at the blossom end, cut off the tops, and discard the seeds and ribs. Make the pepper soup: In a heavy saucepan cook the shallot, thyme, salt, and pepper, to taste, in the butter over moderately low heat, stirring until the shallot is soft. Add the bell peppers and 1 1/2 cups of the broth and simmer th <END>
INPUT: Asian, tuiles, sugar, sesame seeds, unsalted butter, orange zest, orange juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sesame Tuiles | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup sugar; 1/4 cup sesame seeds, plus more for sprinkling; 3 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1/4 teaspoon finely grated orange zest; 2 tablespoons fresh orange juice; 1 tablespoon cornstarch; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 1/3 cup all-purpose flour; 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Line 2 baking sheets with parchment paper. Pulse the sugar and 2 tablespoons sesame seeds in a food processor until finely ground. Transfer the ground sesame mixture to a medium saucepan and add the butter, orange zest and juice, cornstarch and salt. Cook, stirring occasionally, until the mixture comes to a simmer and thickens slightly, about 3 minutes. Transfer to a large bowl; stir in the flour, vanilla and the remaining 2 tablespoons sesame seeds. Refrigerate until cooled and thickened, about 45 minutes. Drop heaping teaspoonfuls of batter, 4 inches apart, <END>
INPUT: pancetta, baby spinach, flour, ball pizza dough, smoked scamorza cheese
OUTPUT: TITLE: Smoked Scamorza, Spinach and Pancetta Pizza | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 ounces thinly sliced pancetta, chopped; 5 ounces baby spinach, chopped; 3 tablespoons flour; One 16-ounce ball pizza dough; 8 ounces smoked scamorza cheese or smoked mozzarella, grated; 1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil; 4 eggs, at room temperature | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 500 degrees F. Place a rack on the highest level and leave space on the bottom of the oven for easy access. Place the pancetta in a large skillet set over medium-high heat. Cook the pancetta, stirring often with a wooden spoon, until crispy, about 8 minutes. Drain half of the fat. Add the spinach and turn off the heat. Stir until the spinach wilts. Set aside. Dust an upside-down rimmed baking sheet with the flour. Gently stretch the pizza dough and place on the dusted tray. Continue to stretch out to 1/4-inch thick leaving it a little thicker around the edges. Sprinkle the  <END>
INPUT: egg yolks, heavy cream, all purpose flour, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pâte Sucrée | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 large egg yolks; 1/4 cup heavy cream; 2 3/4 cups all-purpose flour; 1 cup (2 sticks) chilled unsalted butter, cut into 1/2" cubes; 1/4 cup plus 3 tablespoons sugar; 1/4 teaspoon kosher salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Whisk egg yolks and cream in a small bowl; set aside. Pulse flour, butter, sugar, and salt in a food processor until a coarse meal forms. With machine running, gradually add cream mixture; blend just to combine (do not overwork dough or crust will be tough). Transfer dough to a large work surface. Knead just to incorporate, 4-5 turns. Divide dough in half; shape each half into a 1"-thick disk and wrap in plastic. Chill until firm, at least 2 hours. DO AHEAD: Crust can be made 1 day ahead. Keep chilled. Let stand at room temperature for 15 minutes before rolling out. Crust can also be frozen fo <END>
INPUT: chips, pitas, olive oil, garlic, Salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Homemade Pita Chips | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 pitas, cut into 8 wedges; 4 tablespoons olive oil; 1 clove garlic, smashed; Salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat heat oven to 375 degrees F. Cut pitas into 8 wedges. Pour olive oil into a bowl and add garlic, salt and pepper. Brush pita chips olive oil and garlic mixture. Arrange pita chips on baking sheet and bake for 12 to 15 minutes. <END>
INPUT: American, biscuit, unsalted butter, carrots, celery, button mushrooms, kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken Biscuit Pot Pie | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 4 tablespoons unsalted butter; 3 medium carrots, cut into 1/2-inch pieces; 1 celery stalk (with leaves), cut into 1/2-inch pieces; 5 button mushrooms, quartered; 1 tablespoon kosher salt; 1 cup frozen pearl onions, thawed; 1/3 cup all-purpose flour; 4 cups chicken broth, homemade or low-sodium canned; Freshly ground black pepper; 1 tablespoon minced flat-leaf parsley leaves; 1 tablespoon minced fresh chives; 1 tablespoon minced fresh dill; 4 cups 3/4 inch diced POACHED CHICKEN,recipe follows, or other cooked chicken; 2 cups all-purpose flour, plus more for dusting; 1 tablespoon baking powder | INSTRUCTIONS: To make the stew: Heat the butter in a 9-inch cast-iron skillet over medium-high heat. Add the carrot, celery, mushrooms, and salt and cook, stirring occasionally, until lightly browned, about 4 minutes. Add the onions and cook, stirring, until browned, about 1 minute more. Stir in the flour and cook, stirring, for 1 minute. Pour in the chicken broth, bring the stew to a boil, stirring constantly. Simmer until the mixture is very thick, about 3 minutes. Add the chicken and return to a boil. Remove from the heat. Season with pepper to taste and stir in the parsley, chives, and dill. Set aside w <END>
INPUT: garlic, virgin olive oil, oregano, salt, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Swiss Chard with Roasted Garlic | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 10 large cloves garlic, halved; 2 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil; 1/2 teaspoon dried oregano, crumbled; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 1 1/2 pounds Swiss chard, washed and dried; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 2 tablespoons finely chopped white onion; 2 serrano chiles, stemmed, seeded, and finely chopped; 2 medium tomatoes, cored and finely chopped; 1 teaspoon salt; 1 cup water | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees. Make a double layer of aluminum foil about 6 x 6 inches square. Place the garlic in the center and bring up the sides a little to form a cup. Drizzle over the olive oil and add the oregano, salt, and pepper. Bring the sides all the way up and twist together to make a firm seal. Place in the oven and roast for 20 to 25 minutes. The garlic should be tender and golden but not dark brown. Open the top so the garlic will stop cooking and set aside. Remove the leaves from the stalks of chard, finely chop the stalks and roughly shred the leaves. Set aside. In a large  <END>
INPUT: curried, snapper fillets, salt, pepper, scallions, curry powder
OUTPUT: TITLE: Curried Red Snapper | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 pounds red snapper fillets; 2 teaspoons salt; 1 teaspoon black pepper; 2 scallions, chopped; 2 tablespoons curry powder; 2 tablespoons butter; 1/4 cup olive oil; 1 to 2 Scotch bonnet peppers, seeded and chopped; 1 clove garlic, crushed; 2 cups coconut milk; 1 cup water; 2 tomatoes, roughly chopped; 2 onions, sliced 1/4-inch thick; 10 cilantro sprigs | INSTRUCTIONS: Cut the red snapper into small pieces and place in a bowl. Season with the salt, black pepper, scallion, and curry powder. Allow the fish to marinate in the refrigerator for at least 1 hour. When you are ready to proceed, heat the butter and oil in a large saute pan. Add the fish and saute until it is lightly browned on both sides. Add the peppers, garlic, coconut milk, water, tomatoes, and onions. Cover the fish and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat, cover the pan, and simmer until the fish is tender, about 20 to 25 minutes, adding more water if necessary. Also, add a touch more curry, if nece <END>
INPUT: olive oil, fennel bulb, leek, orange bell pepper, capers
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sauteed Fennel, Capers and Arugula | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 teaspoon olive oil; 1 1-pound fennel bulb, thinly sliced (about 3 cups); 1 cup thinly sliced leek (white and pale green parts only); 1/2 cup finely chopped orange bell pepper; 1/4 cup drained capers; 8 brine-cured black olives (such as Kalamata), pitted, thinly sliced; 1 1/4 cups finely chopped fresh arugula leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat oil in large nonstick skillet over medium-high heat. Add fennel, leek, bell pepper, capers and olives. Sauté until fennel is crisp-tender, about 3 minutes. Add arugula and sauté 1 minute. Season to taste with salt and pepper and serve. Heat oil in large nonstick skillet over medium-high heat. Add fennel, leek, bell pepper, capers and olives. Sauté until fennel is crisp-tender, about 3 minutes. Add arugula and sauté 1 minute. Season to taste with salt and pepper and serve. <END>
INPUT: sunny, cajun, salted butter, seafood seasoning, scallions, garlic, zest lemon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sunny's Cajun Baked Shrimp and Grits | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 stick salted butter, at room temperature; 1 tablespoon seafood seasoning, such as Old Bay; 2 scallions (white and green parts), finely chopped; 1 large clove garlic, grated on a rasp; Grated zest of 1 lemon; 2 pounds frozen shelled and deveined jumbo shrimp, defrosted and roughly chopped; 1 cup heavy cream; Kosher salt and coarsely ground black pepper; 3/4 cup quick grits; 1 cup shredded smoked Gouda; Lemon wedges, for serving | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. For the compound butter and shrimp. In a medium bowl, add the butter, seafood seasoning, scallions, garlic and lemon zest and mash together until combined. Scrape the mixture into plastic wrap and make into a log, or cover it in the bowl. Refrigerate at least 30 minutes. Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Divide the shrimp into 2 foil packets, top each with 2 thick slices of the compound butter, fold up and bake for 8 to 10 minutes. For the grits. In a large pot on medium-high heat, add the heavy cream, a pinch of salt, a few grinds of black pepper and 2 cups wat <END>
INPUT: salad, walnuts, champagne vinegar, Dijon mustard, honey, virgin olive oil, loosely collard greens
OUTPUT: TITLE: Collard Salad with Walnuts, Pecorino and Mustard Vinaigrette | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 5 tablespoons champagne vinegar; 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard; 1/2 teaspoon honey; 1/2 cup extra virgin olive oil; 8 cups loosely packed thinly sliced collard greens (stems removed); 1 cup hazelnuts, toasted and chopped; 1 cup grated Pecorino Romano cheese; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Whisk the vinegar, mustard and honey together in a large bowl. Slowly drizzle in the olive oil while whisking to emulsify the dressing. Add the collards, hazelnuts and cheese to the bowl. Using clean hands, work the dressing into the leaves, massaging them for almost 1 minute. The acid will break down the leaves a bit and tenderize them. Season the salad with salt and pepper. <END>
INPUT: jambalaya, smoked pork sausage, onion, bell pepper, celery, vegetable oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Smoked Sausage Jambalaya | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 pound smoked pork sausage such as kielbasa; 1 small onion; 1 small red bell pepper; 1 celery rib; 1 teaspoon vegetable oil; 2/3 cup long-grain white rice; 1 1/3 cups chicken broth; 1/8 teaspoon cayenne; 2 scallions | INSTRUCTIONS: Cut sausage into 1/4-inch-thick slices and chop onion, bell pepper, and celery. In a dry 2- to 2 1/2-quart heavy saucepan brown sausage over moderately high heat, stirring frequently, and with a slot-ted spoon transfer to paper towels to drain. Pour off any fat from pan and in pan cook vegetables in oil over moderate heat, stirring occasionally, until onion is softened. Stir in rice, broth, and cayenne and bring to a boil. Cover pan and cook rice over low heat 15 minutes. Remove pan from heat and let rice stand, covered, 5 minutes. Thinly slice scallions. Fluff rice with a fork and stir in sau <END>
INPUT: Italian, chicken, spaghetti, sharp Cheddar, bell pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken Spaghetti | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 whole raw chicken, cut into 8 pieces; 1 pound thin spaghetti, broken into 2-inch pieces; 2 1/2 cups shredded sharp Cheddar; 1/4 cup finely diced green bell pepper; 1/4 cup finely diced red bell pepper; 1 teaspoon seasoned salt; 1/8 to 1/4 teaspoon cayenne pepper; Two 10 3/4-ounce cans cream of mushroom soup; 1 medium onion, finely diced; Salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Bring a large pot of water to a boil. Add the chicken pieces to the boiling water and boil for a few minutes, then return the heat to medium-low and simmer, 30 to 45 minutes. Remove the chicken and 2 cups of the chicken cooking broth from the pot. When the chicken is cool, remove the skin and pick out the meat (a mix of dark and white) to make 2 generous cups. Cook the spaghetti in the same chicken cooking broth until al dente. Do not overcook. When the spaghetti is cooked, combine with the chicken, mushroom soup, 1 1/2 cups che <END>
INPUT: golden, baking, all purpose flour, baking powder, salt, nutmeg
OUTPUT: TITLE: Golden Eggs | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Nonstick baking spray; 3 cups all-purpose flour; 1 tablespoon baking powder; 1 teaspoon salt; 1 teaspoon nutmeg; 1/2 pound (2 sticks) unsalted butter, at room temperature; 2 cups sugar; 5 large eggs, at room temperature; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; 1 1/4 cups nonfat buttermilk; 8 tablespoons (1 stick) unsalted butter, melted; 1 cup sugar and 1 teaspoon cinnamon mixed together in a small shallow bowl | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 325°F. Spray your molds with nonstick spray (I, obviously, use egg-shaped molds. You can use a muffin pan or any other small baking molds.) Sift together the flour, baking powder, salt, and nutmeg. Set aside. In an electric mixer fitted with either the paddle or the whisk attachment, whip the butter and sugar together until light and fluffy. This can take up to 10 minutes, depending on the temperature of your butter. As you're whipping away, stop and scrape down the sides of the bowl to make sure all the butter is incorporated into the sugar. You can't make magic without a  <END>
INPUT: Mexican, motulenos, plantains, plantain banana, butter, eggs, corn tortillas, ham
OUTPUT: TITLE: Eggs Motulenos with Plantains in Tomato Salsa | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 large plantain banana, sliced into 1/4-inch rounds; 2 ounces butter; 8 eggs; 4 corn tortillas; 4 slices ham; 8 ounces tomato salsa, recipe follows; 4 ounces sour cream; 1 cup green peas, cooked; 1 cup grated queso fresca (fresh cheese); Salt; 4 tomatoes, chopped; 1/2 onion, chopped; 3 Serrano chiles; 1 tablespoon chopped coriander seeds; 1 tablespoon chopped cilantro leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large saute pan, fry the plantains in butter until golden brown. Drain on paper towels. Fry the eggs to desired degree of doneness in butter. In another saute pan, fry the corn tortillas in butter. Set aside. Layer tortilla with ham, eggs, and the salsa. Top with sour cream, peas, and fresh cheese. Garnish with the plantain. Combine all the ingredients and boil for 20 minutes and then chop in blender and add salt and pepper. <END>
INPUT: Italian, ratatouille, rigatoni pasta, olive oil, garlic, reserved vegetables from, tomatoes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Round 2 Recipe - Chicken and Ratatouille Pasta | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 8 ounces rigatoni pasta; 1 tablespoon olive oil; 1 tablespoon minced garlic; 1 cup reserved vegetables from Grilled Vegetable Panini, roughly chopped, recipe follows; One 14.5-ounce can diced tomatoes; 1 1/2 cups shredded rotisserie chicken; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 tablespoons roughly chopped fresh basil; 1 medium eggplant, sliced on the bias into 1/4-inch strips; 1 medium onion, peeled and sliced into 1/4-inch rounds; 1 green bell pepper, stem and seeds removed, sliced in 8 pieces; 1 medium yellow squash, sliced on the bias into 1/4-inch strips; 1/2 cup canola oil; 1 tablespoon minced garlic; 1 tablespoon Italian seasoning | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook the pasta according to package directions. In a large skillet over medium heat, heat the olive oil. Add the garlic and leftover grilled vegetables. Stir in the diced tomatoes, chicken, and salt and pepper to taste. Cook until heated through. Drain the pasta, add to the skillet and toss to coat. Serve topped with chopped basil. Preheat a grill pan over medium heat. Brush the sliced vegetables with 1/4 cup canola oil. Season with salt and pepper and place on the grill. Cook until they have slightly charred and softened slightly, about 3 minutes per side. Remove to a baking sheet. In a large <END>
INPUT: sorbet, tangerine juice, sugar, Italian bitter liqueur, fine salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tangerine Sorbet with Vanilla Cream and Candied Pistachios | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 cups freshly squeezed tangerine juice; 3/4 cup sugar; 1 tablespoon Italian bitter liqueur, such as Campari, optional; 3 tablespoons sugar; 1/4 teaspoon fine salt; 1/2 cup shelled pistachios; 3/4 cup whipping cream; 1 vanilla bean, split lengthwise | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: ice cream maker, martini glasses For the sorbet: Combine the tangerine juice, sugar and Campari if using in a medium saucepan. Bring to a simmer, stirring over low heat until the sugar is dissolved. Chill the mixture in the refrigerator for about 20 minutes then process the sorbet in an ice cream maker according to the manufacturer's instructions. Transfer to a bowl, cover tightly and freeze until firm, at least 2 hours and up to 3 days. For the pistachios: Place a rack in the middle of the oven and preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper. <END>
INPUT: cupcakes, cake flour, baking powder, baking soda, fine salt, unsalted butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tres Leches Cupcakes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 1/2 cups cake flour; 1 teaspoon baking powder; 1 teaspoon baking soda; 1 teaspoon fine salt; 1 stick unsalted butter, at room temperature; 1 1/2 cups granulated sugar; 3 large eggs; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; 1 1/4 cup milk; Tres Leches Mix, recipe follows; Whipped Cream Mascarpone Frosting, recipe follows; One 12-ounce can evaporated milk; Half 14-ounce can sweetened condensed milk; 3/4 cup heavy cream; 4 cups heavy cream | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line cupcake tins with paper liners. Sift together the flour, baking powder, baking soda and salt. Cream the butter and granulated sugar with an electric mixer until fluffy and light. Add the eggs, one at a time beating well between each addition. Then add the vanilla and mix until fluffy. Fold in the flour mixture, alternating with the milk. Do not over mix. Portion into the prepared cupcake tins. Bake for about 20 minutes. Once the cupcakes have cooled, about 30 minutes, you can inject the cake with about 2 ounces of the Tres Leches Mix. If you do not have  <END>
INPUT: cakes, leeks, thyme, sugar, Yukon Gold potatoes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Ham and Yukon Gold Potato Cakes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 tablespoons (about) butter; 3 cups finely chopped leeks (white and pale green parts only; from 3 large leeks); 1/2 teaspoon dried thyme; 1 1/2 teaspoons sugar; 1 1/4 pounds Yukon Gold potatoes, peeled, coarsely grated, squeezed dry in kitchen towel; 4 ounces thinly sliced Black Forest ham, cut into 1x1/4-inch strips; 1/4 cup all purpose flour; 1 large egg, beaten to blend; 1 teaspoon salt; 1/2 teaspoon ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Melt 2 tablespoons butter in large nonstick skillet over medium heat. Add leeks and thyme; sauté until leeks begin to soften, about 4 minutes. Cover; reduce heat to low. Cook until leeks are tender, stirring often, about 8 minutes. Add sugar; sauté uncovered until leeks are very soft, about 4 minutes. Transfer to medium bowl; cool. (Can be made 6 hours ahead. Cover; chill. Bring to room temperature before using.) Preheat oven to 250°F. Place large rimmed baking sheet in oven. Mix potatoes, ham, flour, egg, salt, and pepper into leek mixture in medium bowl. Melt 2 tablespoons butter in large no <END>
INPUT: American, double, Perfect Piecrust, egg yolk, heavy cream, assorted apples, lemon juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Double-Crust Apple Pie | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: Perfect Piecrust, recipe follows; 1 large egg yolk; 1 tablespoon heavy cream; 3 pounds assorted apples, such as Macoun, Granny Smith, Cortland, Jonagold, and Empire, peeled, cored, and cut into 1/4-inch-thick slices; 2 tablespoons freshly squeezed lemon juice; 1/4 cup granulated sugar, plus more for sprinkling; 3 tablespoons all-purpose flour, plus more for rolling out dough; 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1/4 teaspoon ground nutmeg; 1/8 teaspoon salt; 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, cut into small pieces; Best-quality vanilla ice cream (optional); 1 cup (2 sticks) unsalted butter, chilled, plus more for pie plate; 2 1/2 cups all-purpose flour, plus more for rolling out dough; 1 teaspoon salt | INSTRUCTIONS: On a lightly floured surface, roll out 1 disk of piecrust to a 1/8-inch-thick circle, about 13 inches in diameter. Drape dough over a 9-inch pie pan. Transfer pan to refrigerator, and chill 30 minutes. Heat oven to 425 degrees F. Whisk together the egg yolk and cream; set aside. In a large bowl, toss together the apples, lemon juice, granulated sugar, flour, cinnamon, nutmeg, and salt; place in chilled bottom crust. Dot with butter. Roll out the remaining disk of dough. Brush the rim of the bottom crust with the egg wash. Place second piece of dough on top, and trim so 1-inch overhangs. Tuck t <END>
INPUT: grappa, mussels, onions, bulbs fennel, garlic, wine, basil leaves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grappa Mussels | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 onions, diced; 2 bulbs fennel, diced; 2 heads garlic, peeled and crushed; 1 bottle white wine; 1/2 pound whole basil leaves; 4 pounds tomatoes, juiced; 2 quarts vegetable stock; 2 quarts shellfish stock; Extra-virgin olive oil; Salt and pepper to taste; 1 baguette, cut in half and sliced lengthwise into 1/4-inch thick slices; Extra-virgin olive oil; Cracked black peppercorn and sea salt to taste; Parmigiano Reggiano cheese, grated; 4 tablespoons butter | INSTRUCTIONS: For the Tomato Broth: Sweat the onions, garlic and fennel over medium-high heat in extra-virgin olive oil until translucent, 5 to 7 minutes. Deglaze the pan with the wine and let reduce by half over high heat, 5 minutes. Add the tomato juice and both stocks. Add the basil and reduce by half, 10 to 12 minutes. Strain the broth through a fine sieve and season with salt and pepper. Set aside. For the Crostini: Preheat the oven to 300 degrees. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper and brush with extra-virgin olive oil. Season the pan with salt and pepper. Place the bread slices on the baking sh <END>
INPUT: American, sour, tart cherries, Merlot, all purpose flour, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Apple Pie with Hazelnuts and Dried Sour Cherries | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 cup dried tart cherries; 1/2 cup Merlot; 3 1/4 cups all purpose flour; 1 3/4 cups (3 1/2 sticks) chilled unsalted butter, cut into 1/2-inch cubes; 1/4 cup sugar; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 2/3 cup ice water; 4 pounds Golden Delicious apples, peeled, cored, cut into 1 1/2-inch chunks (about 12 cups); 1/3 cup sugar; 1/4 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1/2 cup hazelnuts, toasted, husked, coarsely chopped; 1 large egg, beaten to blend with 1 tablespoon water (for glaze); 2 tablespoons raw sugar crystals or granulated sugar; Vanilla ice cream | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring cherries and Merlot to boil in small saucepan over medium-high heat. Remove from heat and cool. Let stand at room temperature overnight. Drain well. Bring cherries and Merlot to boil in small saucepan over medium-high heat. Remove from heat and cool. Let stand at room temperature overnight. Drain well. For crust: Combine flour, butter, sugar, and salt in bowl of electric mixer. Place bowl in freezer 15 minutes. Using electric mixer fitted with paddle attachment, beat mixture on low speed until pea-size clumps form. Drizzle 2/3 cup ice water over mixture and beat just until dough comes to <END>
INPUT: Mexican, portuguese, fisherman, virgin olive oil, chorizo, starchy potato, onion, carrot
OUTPUT: TITLE: Portuguese Fisherman's Shrimp and Chorizo | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil; 8 ounces chorizo, casing removed and chopped; 1 starchy potato, peeled and chopped; 1 medium onion, chopped; 1 carrot, peeled and chopped; 3 to 4 cloves garlic, chopped or thinly sliced; 1 Fresno or Holland pepper, thinly sliced; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh thyme; 1 bay leaf; 1 small bunch flat-leaf kale, leaves stripped and chopped; Freshly grated nutmeg; 1 (15-ounce) can chick peas, drained; 1 (15-ounce) can diced tomatoes or diced tomatoes with chiles; 3 cups chicken stock; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Heat 1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil in a Dutch oven or soup pot over medium-high heat, add the chorizo and render 2 minutes. Then add the potato, onion, carrot, garlic, chile pepper, thyme, and bay leaf, soften 5 to 6 minutes. Wilt in the kale and season with a little nutmeg. Stir in the chickpeas, tomatoes, and stock into the pot, bring to a low boil and season with salt and pepper, if necessary. Cool and store for make-ahead meal. Heat the chorizo and vegetable sauce base to a low boil, when ready to serve. Add the shrimp and cook until pink and firm. Add  <END>
INPUT: tartlets, all purpose flour, sugar, caraway seeds, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Apple and Caraway Tartlets with Cinnamon-Clove Ice Cream and Cider-Caramel Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cups all purpose flour; 3 tablespoons sugar; 1 teaspoon caraway seeds; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/2 cup (1 stick) chilled unsalted butter, cut into 1/2-inch pieces; 5 teaspoons (or more) ice water; Cider-Caramel Sauce; 2 1/2 pounds medium Granny Smith apples (about 7), peeled, halved, cored, each half cut into 4 wedges; 1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon; Cinnamon-Clove Ice Cream or vanilla ice cream; Clusters of red grapes (optional); Fresh mint (optional) | INSTRUCTIONS: For crust: Blend flour, sugar, caraway and salt in processor. Add butter and process, using on/off turns, until butter is cut into pea-size pieces. Add 5 teaspoons ice water. Blend until moist clumps form, adding more ice water by teaspoonfuls if dough is dry. Gather dough into ball; flatten into disk. Cut into 6 equal pieces. Press each piece of dough into 4 1/2-inch-diameter tartlet pan with 3/4-inch-high sides and removable bottom. (Can be made 1 day ahead. Cover each crust; chill.) Blend flour, sugar, caraway and salt in processor. Add butter and process, using on/off turns, until butter i <END>
INPUT: russet potato, Canola oil coat, Kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: The Baked Potato | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 large russet potato (If it looks like Mr. Potato Head®, you've got the right one.); Canola oil to coat; Kosher salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Heat oven to 350 degrees and position racks in top and bottom thirds. Wash potato (or potatoes) thoroughly with a stiff brush and cold running water. Dry, then using a standard fork poke 8 to 12 deep holes all over the spud so that moisture can escape during cooking. Place in a bowl and coat lightly with oil. Sprinkle with kosher salt and place potato directly on rack in middle of oven. Place a baking sheet on the lower rack to catch any drippings. Bake 1 hour or until skin feels crisp but flesh beneath feels soft. Serve by creating a dotted line from end to end  <END>
INPUT: wrapped, Brussels sprouts, Kosher salt pepper, center bacon, pure maple syrup, mayonnaise
OUTPUT: TITLE: Bacon-Wrapped Brussels Sprouts with Creamy Lemon Dip | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 18 medium Brussels sprouts (about 1 1/2 pounds); Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; One 12-ounce package center-cut bacon (about 18 strips); 1/4 cup pure maple syrup, plus 1/2 cup more for serving; 1/2 cup mayonnaise; Zest of 1/2 lemon, plus 2 teaspoons juice; Crushed red pepper flakes | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Trim the stem ends from the Brussels sprouts, and halve lengthwise. Put them in a medium bowl, and toss with 1 teaspoon salt. Lay the bacon strips next to each other on a work surface. Brush liberally with about 1/2 the maple syrup, then halve crosswise. Wrap each Brussels sprout half with 1 strip of bacon, syrup-side out, so the seam is on the flat side. Place the sprouts seam-side down on a rimmed baking sheet, leaving a bit of space between them. Brush them with a bit more syrup, and grind a little black pepper on top. Roast, rotating the baking sheet half <END>
INPUT: pancake, wedges, onions, zucchini, russet potatoes, sage, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Potato Pancake Wedges with Zucchini and Sage | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound onions; 10 ounces zucchini, trimmed; 3 1/4 pounds russet potatoes, peeled; 8 teaspoons chopped fresh sage; 2 teaspoons salt; 4 tablespoons vegetable oil; 4 tablespoons (1/2 stick) nondairy (pareve) margarine | INSTRUCTIONS: Position rack in top third of oven and preheat to 450°F. Coarsely grate onions, zucchini and then potatoes with hand grater or with medium shredding blade of food processor. Divide grated vegetable mixture between 2 kitchen towels; wrap tightly and squeeze out as much liquid as possible. Place vegetables in large bowl. Add sage and salt and toss to blend well. Heat half of oil with half of margarine in each of 2 large nonstick oven-proof skillets over medium-high heat. Add half of vegetable mixture to each skillet. Using spatula, press mixtures firmly to even thickness. Cook 4 minutes. Reduce  <END>
INPUT: mayonnaise, sour cream, lemon juice, Kosher salt pepper, Steamed Artichoke Hearts
OUTPUT: TITLE: Steamed Artichoke Crab Dip | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup mayonnaise; 1 cup sour cream; 1 teaspoon lemon juice; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; Steamed Artichoke Hearts, recipe follows; 1 cup fresh lump crab meat, picked over; Croutons, recipe follows; 1 bunch fresh flat-leaf parsley, for garnish; Grated Parmesan; 3 large globe artichokes; Lemon juice; Olive oil; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 French baguette; Extra-virgin olive oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. Combine mayonnaise, sour cream, lemon, salt and pepper in a mixing bowl and stir to combine. Add chopped, cooked artichoke hearts and lump crabmeat. Stir well and season with more salt and pepper, if necessary. Pour into an oven proof dish (a large ramekin works well) and bake dip for 10 to 12 minutes until heated through and top is nice and bubbly. Serve with Croutons and garnish with parsley sprigs and Parmesan. Trim artichokes down to their hearts, working quickly so they don't go too brown (you can rub with lemon juice as you go if you like). Split hearts in  <END>
INPUT: American, peppers, cheesy, low sodium chicken, cream, unsalted butter, grits polenta, American cheese
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sausage, Shrimp and Peppers over Cheesy Grits | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups low-sodium chicken stock, plus more if needed; 2 cups cream, plus more if needed; 4 tablespoons unsalted butter; 3/4 cup grits or polenta; 4 ounces American cheese, torn into pieces; 1/2 cup grated Parmesan; Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper; 1 small orange bell pepper, cut in small dice; 1 small red bell pepper, cut in small dice; 1/2 Spanish onion, cut in small dice; 3 tablespoons olive oil; 1 pound Parmesan-parsley pork sausage, cut into 1/4-inch-thick rounds; 4 cloves garlic, minced; 1 pound uncooked large shrimp, peeled, deveined and cut into thirds; 1/2 cup low-sodium chicken stock | INSTRUCTIONS: For the grits: Bring the chicken stock, the cream and butter to a simmer in a heavy saucepan. Gradually whisk in the grits. Reduce the heat and simmer until the grits have thickened, 15 to 20 minutes, stirring occasionally to avoid lumps. Once the grits are thick and creamy, stir in the cheeses and adjust the consistency with stock and/or cream and season with salt and pepper. These grits provide a wonderful bed to soak up the flavor from the sausage, shrimp and veggies. For the sausage, shrimp and peppers: Heat the olive oil in a large skillet. Add the sausages and brown. Then transfer to a p <END>
INPUT: crusted, salmon filet, Salt pepper taste, olive oil, wine, kalamata olive tapenade
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Tapenade Crusted Salmon | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 - 7 ounce salmon filet; Salt and pepper to taste; 3 tablespoons olive oil; 1/4 cup white wine; 1 tablespoon kalamata olive tapenade; 3 ounces Sauteed spinach; 4 ounces champagne vinaigrette; 1 chervil leaf for garnish; 1/4 pound kalamata olives, pitted; 2 garlic cloves; 2 tablespoons olive oil; Salt to taste; 2 ounces chicken broth; 2 ounces champagne vinegar; 1 teaspoon dijon mustard | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Season salmon with salt and pepper on both sides. Add olive oil and white wine. Mix to coat both sides. Place in hot saute pan and sear on both sides for approximately 1 minute. Place in oven for 3-5 minutes. After 3-5 minutes, remove salmon from oven and spread with tapenade. Place back in oven to finish cooking, approximately 5-10 minutes. To plate, place salmon on top bed of spinach and spoon vinaigrette over. Add all ingredients to food processor. Process until smooth paste.; Whisk chicken broth, vinegar, mustard, shallot, garlic, oils, and honey in bowl. Seaso <END>
INPUT: stir, basmati rice, beans, vegetable oil, sugar, turkey
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spicy Turkey and Green Bean Stir-Fry | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cups basmati rice; 1 1/2 pounds green beans, trimmed; 3 tablespoons vegetable oil; 1/2 teaspoon sugar; 3/4 pound 99 percent lean ground turkey; 1 clove garlic, minced; 1 small half-sour pickle, finely chopped; 2 teaspoons Asian chile paste, such as sambal oelek; 1 cup fat-free low-sodium chicken broth; 2 tablespoons low-sodium soy sauce; 1 tablespoon dry sherry or rice vinegar (not seasoned); 2 teaspoons cornstarch | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring a large pot of water to a boil. Stir in the rice, cover and boil until tender, about 18 minutes; drain well and keep warm. Meanwhile, preheat the broiler. Toss the green beans, 1 1/2 tablespoons vegetable oil and the sugar on a rimmed baking sheet. Broil, stirring once, until the beans are tender and charred, about 8 minutes. Heat the remaining 1 1/2 tablespoons vegetable oil in a large skillet over high heat. Add the turkey and cook, breaking it up with a wooden spoon, until browned, 3 minutes. Add the garlic, pickle and chile paste and cook until the garlic is slightly golden, about 3  <END>
INPUT: slow, cooker, redskin potatoes, carrots, onion, celery, thyme
OUTPUT: TITLE: Slow Cooker Corned Beef and Cabbage | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 pounds small redskin potatoes, halved; 4 carrots, cut into 2-inch pieces; 1 large onion, cut into 1/2-inch wedges; 2 stalks celery, peeled and cut into 2-inch pieces; 2 or 3 sprigs fresh thyme; One 4-pound piece corned beef brisket, rinsed; 12 ounces stout beer; 2 tablespoons pickling spice; 1/2 small head green cabbage, core intact and cut into thick wedges; 1/2 cup sour cream; 1/4 cup prepared horseradish; 2 tablespoons whole-grain mustard; 3 tablespoons unsalted butter; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1/2 cup loosely packed parsley leaves, chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: Layer the potatoes, carrots, onions, celery and thyme in the insert of a 6-quart slow cooker. Put the brisket on top of the vegetables and add the beer and pickling spice. Add enough water to just cover the brisket. Cover and cook on low until the meat and vegetables are tender, about 8 hours. Arrange the cabbage over the brisket (it's OK if the cooker seems crowded), cover and cook until soft and wilted, 45 minutes to 1 hour more. Whisk together the sour cream, horseradish and mustard in a small bowl. Remove the cabbage and toss with 1 tablespoon of the butter and pepper to taste in a large b <END>
INPUT: Italian, olives, Kosher salt, bucatini, olive tapenade, basil leaves, Italian parsley leaves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Bucatini with Olives, Sun-Dried Tomatoes, and Basil | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: Kosher salt; 12 ounces bucatini; 3/4 cup black olive tapenade; 3 cups basil leaves (from about 1 large bunch); 1/2 cup roughly chopped fresh Italian parsley leaves; 24 oil-packed sun-dried tomatoes, drained and torn into bite-size pieces (heaping 1/2 cup); High-quality extra-virgin olive oil, for drizzling; Sea salt; Freshly ground black pepper; Parmigiano-Reggiano wedge, for shaving | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring a large pot of water to a boil over high heat and add a generous amount of kosher salt. Stir in the bucatini, return the water to a boil, and cook the pasta, stirring occasionally to prevent the strands from sticking together, until it's al dente. (Since cooking times vary, for perfectly cooked pasta, refer to the package instructions for the recommended time and taste the pasta frequently while it cooks.) Put the tapenade in a large skillet. Drain the pasta and quickly add it, still dripping with water, to the skillet with the tapenade. Place the skillet over medium heat and cook the pa <END>
INPUT: Asian, Rice, eggs, peanut oil, oyster sauce, Chicken Stock
OUTPUT: TITLE: Shrimp Fried Rice with Sun Dried Tomatoes | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 5 cups Cooked Rice; 3 large eggs, beaten with a pinch of white pepper and salt; 1 teaspoon peanut oil; 1 1/2 teaspoons oyster sauce; 1 tablespoon Chicken Stock; 2 teaspoons soy sauce; 1 teaspoon white wine; 3/4 teaspoon sugar; Pinch white pepper; 1/2 teaspoon sesame oil; 1 1/2 teaspoons minced ginger; 2 cups broccoli stems, peeled, cut into l/4inch dice; 1/4 pound medium shrimp, shelled, deveined, and cut into 1/2inch pieces; 1/4 cup sundried tomatoes, washed in warm water, cut 1/2 by 1/4inch pieces; 1/2 cup scallions, finely sliced | INSTRUCTIONS: Prepare Basic Rice recipe. Allow to cool to room temperature. Scramble eggs in 1 teaspoon of peanut oil over medium heat until cooked; then cut into small pieces and reserve. Combine sauce ingredients and reserve. Heat wok over high heat for 30 seconds. Add 1 tablespoon peanut oil and coat wok with spatula. When a wisp of white smoke appears, add ginger, stir briefly. Add broccoli stems, stir and cook for 20 seconds. Add shrimp, stir and cook for 30 seconds. Add the cooked rice and mix well, turning, for 5 minutes until the rice mixture is very hot. Stir the sauce, pour over rice, and mix thor <END>
INPUT: American, sandwich, canola oil, loaf Texas toast, cole slaw, Your favorite BBQ
OUTPUT: TITLE: BBQ Bologna Sandwich | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 (3-pound) bologna; 1 cup canola oil; 1 loaf Texas toast, sliced 1-inch thick; Prepared cole slaw, for topping; Your favorite BBQ sauce, for drizzling | INSTRUCTIONS: Prepare a smoker. Using a large, 2-pronged fork, poke several holes into bologna. Place bologna in the smoker and smoke for 3 hours over indirect heat, or until ends of bologna start to swell. Pour oil into a heavy bottomed medium-size frying pan. Heat oil to 350 degrees F. Cut bologna into 1/2-inch to 1-inch thick slices. When oil is hot, fry bologna slices, 1 at a time, for 1 minute each. Remove each slice to a paper towel-lined plate to drain. Place each slice of bologna between 2 pieces of Texas toast, first topping with a small scoop of cole slaw and then drizzling with BBQ sauce. <END>
INPUT: Asian, shrimp, sauce, tamarind concentrate, lime juice, mayonnaise, mild honey, Dijon mustard
OUTPUT: TITLE: Coconut Shrimp with Tamarind Ginger Sauce | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1 teaspoon tamarind concentrate*; 1 1/2 tablespoons fresh lime juice; 2/3 cup mayonnaise; 1 1/2 tablespoons mild honey; 2 teaspoons Dijon mustard; 1 teaspoon finely grated peeled fresh ginger; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 4 cups sweetened flaked coconut (10 ounces); 1 cup all-purpose flour; 3/4 cup beer (not dark); 3/4 teaspoon baking soda; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1 teaspoon cayenne; 1 large egg; 6 cups vegetable oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Make sauce: Whisk tamarind concentrate into lime juice in a small bowl until dissolved. Stir in remaining sauce ingredients and chill, covered. Whisk tamarind concentrate into lime juice in a small bowl until dissolved. Stir in remaining sauce ingredients and chill, covered. Prepare shrimp: Coarsely chop coconut and transfer half to a shallow soup bowl or pie plate. Whisk together flour, beer, baking soda, salt, cayenne, and egg in a small bowl until smooth. Heat oil in a 4- to 6-quart deep heavy pot over moderately high heat until it registers 350°F on thermometer. Coarsely chop coconut and t <END>
INPUT: bread, pudding, loaf brioche challah, half half, heavy cream, salt, vanilla bean
OUTPUT: TITLE: Bread Pudding with Raspberry Jam | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 loaf brioche or challah; 2 cups half-and-half; 2 cups heavy cream; Pinch salt; 1 vanilla bean, split lengthwise; 6 eggs; 1 cup granulated sugar; 1/2 cup raspberry jam; Chocolate chips, as needed (optional); Confectioner's sugar, for dusting | INSTRUCTIONS: Equipment: 8 (3 to 4 1/2-ounce) ramekins; a cookie or biscuit cutter, the same diameter as your ramekins Cut the crusts off the loaf of bread and slice into 1/2-inch thick slices. Use a cookie cutter to cut out rounds of bread that will fit snugly into your ramekins. (You can make additional rounds by cutting 1/2-moons around the edges of a slice of bread, then assembling them into whole rounds later.) Place the bread rounds in a baking dish or a sheet pan with sides. Cut any scraps into small cubes and reserve for another dish. In a saucepan, heat the half-and-half, cream, salt, and vanilla b <END>
INPUT: liqueur, strawberries, sugar, Framboise Kirsch
OUTPUT: TITLE: Strawberries with Liqueur | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 cups strawberries, hulled and quartered; 3 tablespoons sugar; 1/3 cup Framboise or Kirsch | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large bowl combine strawberries, sugar and liqueur. Allow to sit at room temperature for about 2 hours. Chill until ready to serve. Spoon into individual dishes and garnish with sweetened whipped cream if desired. <END>
INPUT: Italian, penne, ragout, pork shoulder roast, kosher salt, pepper, vegetable oil, thyme
OUTPUT: TITLE: Penne with Pork Ragout | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: One 3-pound pork shoulder roast, cut into 3-inch chunks; 1 1/2 tablespoons kosher salt; 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 3 tablespoons vegetable oil; 8 sprigs thyme; 2 sprigs rosemary (about 6 inches each); 1 bay leaf (fresh or dried); 2 medium Spanish onions, sliced thin (about 4 cups); 5 cloves garlic, chopped; 1 cup white wine; 1/2 cup chicken broth; One 28-ounce can crushed tomatoes; 3-inch piece Parmesan rind; Pinch red chile flakes; 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil, plus for drizzling | INSTRUCTIONS: Dry the pork well and sprinkle it on all sides with 1 tablespoon of the kosher salt and the pepper. Heat 2 tablespoons of the vegetable oil in a Dutch oven over high heat. Working in batches to avoid crowding the pan, brown the pork on all sides, about 4 minutes per side. Remove the pork to a plate and set aside. While the pork is browning, tie the thyme, rosemary and bay leaf into a bundle using butcher's twine. Once all of the pork has been browned, reduce the heat to medium. Add the remaining 1 tablespoon vegetable oil no oil remains in the pot. Add the onions and the remaining 1/2 tablespo <END>
INPUT: maurittos, crepes, salted caramel, salted pecans, peach ice cream
OUTPUT: TITLE: Salted Caramel and Peach Maurittos | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 crepes; 1/2 cup salted caramel, such as David's Homemade; 1 cup toasted and crushed salted pecans; 1 pint peach ice cream | INSTRUCTIONS: Spread out the crepes, smear a layer of salted caramel on each and then sprinkle a layer of crushed pecans on the caramel. Turn the pint of ice cream on its side and use a serrated knife to slice through the carton, creating 4 ice cream discs. Top each crepe with a disc of ice cream (remove the carton); fold up the crepes around the ice cream. Serve immediately, or wrap and store in the freezer until ready to serve. <END>
INPUT: charlotte, cherries, cherry lambic, honey, unsalted butter, sugar more sprinkling
OUTPUT: TITLE: Peach-Cherry Lambic Charlotte | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup pitted cherries; 1 cup cherry lambic; 2 tablespoons honey, divided; 1/4 cup unsalted butter, room temperature, plus more for ramekins; 2 tablespoons sugar plus more for sprinkling; 1 12-ounce loaf brioche or Pullman, crusts removed, sliced 1/3" thick; 4 large ripe peaches (about 1 1/2 pounds), peeled, sliced 1/4" thick; 1 tablespoon cornstarch; 1/2 teaspoon finely grated lemon zest; 2 teaspoons fresh lemon juice; 1/8 teaspoon kosher salt; Whipped cream (for serving) | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350°F. Bring cherries, lambic, and 1 tablespoon honey to a boil in a small saucepan; reduce heat and simmer until syrupy, 12-15 minutes. Let cool. Meanwhile, butter ramekins and sprinkle with sugar. Butter 1 side of bread slices with remaining 1/4 cup butter; cut into 2x1" strips. Line bottom and sides of ramekins with bread strips, buttered side against ramekins, cutting to fit and filling in gaps with scraps. Toss peaches, cornstarch, lemon zest, lemon juice, salt, and remaining 2 tablespoons sugar and 1 tablespoon honey in a medium bowl. Fold in cherry mixture. Divide fruit  <END>
INPUT: meaty plum tomatoes, virgin olive oil, Salt, herbes de Provence, unblanched almonds
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sheep's Cheeses with Oven-Dried Tomatoes and Toasted Almonds | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 meaty plum tomatoes (about 1 pound), halved lengthwise; 1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil; Salt; 1 teaspoon dried herbes de Provence; 1 cup whole unblanched almonds (about 5 ounces); 2 teaspoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt or sea salt; 1 to 1 1/4 pounds sheep's-milk cheeses of two or three varieties, such as pecorino toscano, Manchego, Cabrales, Ossau-Iraty, Vermont Shepherd's Cheese | INSTRUCTIONS: To make the tomatoes: Preheat oven to 250 degrees F. Put the tomatoes in a nonaluminum baking dish. Drizzle with the olive oil. Season with salt to taste and the herbs, crumbling them between your fingers to release their fragrance. Bake until the tomatoes are very soft, wrinkled, and shrunken, but still moist, about 8 hours. Set aside to cool. To make the almonds: Raise the oven temperature to 325 degrees F. Bring a small saucepan of water to a boil over high heat. Add the almonds and blanch for 1 minute, then drain. Immediately transfer the nuts to a kitchen towel and wrap the towel around t <END>
INPUT: Asian, bottled teriyaki sauce, wasabi paste, sea scallops, long metal skewers, onions
OUTPUT: TITLE: Teriyaki Scallops and Green Onions | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 6 tablespoons bottled teriyaki sauce; 1 to 1 1/2 teaspoons wasabi paste (horseradish paste); 12 sea scallops; 4 12-inch-long metal skewers; 8 whole green onions; Sesame seeds | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat broiler. Blend teriyaki sauce and 1 teaspoon wasabi in medium bowl, adding more wasabi if desired. Transfer 3 tablespoons sauce mixture to small bowl and reserve. Mix scallops into sauce in medium bowl; let stand 10 minutes. Thread 6 scallops onto each of 2 skewers. Thread all onions onto remaining 2 skewers by pushing 1 skewer through bulbs of all onions and another skewer (parallel to first) through all onions 2 inches above bulbs. Place scallops and onions on broiler pan; brush with marinade. Broil until scallops are just opaque in center and onions are charred, turning occasionally <END>
INPUT: curd, eggs, sugar, lemon juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lemon Curd | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 18 large eggs; 6 cups sugar; 3 1/2 cups fresh lemon juice (from 18 to 20 medium lemons); 2 1/4 cups (4 1/2 sticks) unsalted butter, cut into 1-inch cubes | INSTRUCTIONS: In large metal bowl, whisk together eggs, sugar, lemon juice, and butter. Set bowl over pot of simmering water and cook, whisking frequently, until mixture is thick enough to coat the back of wooden spoon, about 20 minutes. Immediately force curd through fine-mesh sieve into large bowl, scraping bottom of sieve. Press plastic wrap directly onto surface of curd to prevent skin from forming and chill until cold, at least 1 hour. (Curd can be made ahead and refrigerated up to 1 week before serving.) In large metal bowl, whisk together eggs, sugar, lemon juice, and butter. Set bowl over pot of sim <END>
INPUT: Asian, asparagus, smoked bacon, Shiro miso paste, mirin rice wine, lemon juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Miso-Glazed Bacon and Asparagus | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1 bunch asparagus; 7 strips smoked bacon, cut in 1/2; 1/4 cup Shiro miso paste (white miso paste); 1/2 cup mirin rice wine; 1 tablespoon lemon juice; Pinch lemon zest; 1 tablespoon sugar; Bamboo toothpicks, soaked in water | INSTRUCTIONS: Trim and peel the root end of the asparagus to remove the tough outer skin. Slice asparagus in half keeping the tips and bases separate. Lay half bacon strips out on your cutting board. Lay a base piece and a tip piece on each slice of bacon, then roll it up and secure with a bamboo toothpick through the middle at a 90 degree angle. Preheat grill to medium heat. In a small mixing bowl combine miso, mirin, lemon juice, lemon zest and sugar. Stir with a whisk and use a pastry brush to baste the skewers as they cook on the grill - about 2 to 3 minutes per side on high. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, lime juice, garlic, hot sauce, Dijon mustard, cilantro leaves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cilantro Lime Mayo | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 4 tablespoons fresh lime juice; 1 garlic clove, peeled; 1/2 teaspoon hot sauce (recommended: Tabasco); 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard; 1 cup fresh cilantro leaves; 1 cup mayonnaise; Salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Blend all ingredients in food processor except mayonnaise and salt and pepper. Process until cilantro is fine. Add mayonnaise and process just until blended. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, peanut oil, tofu, zucchini, bell pepper, ginger
OUTPUT: TITLE: Thai Tofu with Zucchini, Red Bell Pepper, and Lime | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons peanut oil, divided; 1 12-ounce package extra-firm tofu, drained, patted dry, cut into 1/2-inch cubes; 1 pound yellow and/or green zucchini, cut into 1/2-inch cubes; 1 large red bell pepper, diced; 1 tablespoon minced peeled fresh ginger; 1 1/3 cups canned unsweetened coconut milk; 3 tablespoons (or more) fresh lime juice; 1 1/2 tablespoons soy sauce; 3/4 teaspoon Thai red curry paste; 1/2 cup sliced fresh basil, divided | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat 1 tablespoon oil in large nonstick skillet over medium-high heat. Add tofu; sauté until golden, about 4 minutes. Transfer tofu to bowl. Add remaining 1 tablespoon oil, then zucchini and bell pepper to skillet; sauté until beginning to soften, about 4 minutes. Return tofu to skillet. Add ginger; stir 30 seconds. Add coconut milk, 3 tablespoons lime juice, soy sauce, and curry paste; stir to dissolve curry paste. Simmer until sauce thickens, about 6 minutes. Season with salt and more lime juice, if desired. Stir in half of basil. Sprinkle with remaining basil; serve. Heat 1 tablespoon oil i <END>
INPUT: French, cones, cups, crepes, butter, Aluminum foil, ice cream, berries garnish
OUTPUT: TITLE: Crepe Ice Cream Cones and Cups | CUISINE: French | INGREDIENTS: 8 crepes; Melted butter; Aluminum foil; 1 quart ice cream, sherbet or sorbet; Fresh berries for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: To make cones: Arrange crepes browner side down on a work surface, fold them in half and fold them in half again to form triangles. Lift the top flap of each triangle and put a large ball of foil inside to keep the cone open. Brush the crepe cones with butter and bake them on a baking sheet in a preheated 400 degree oven for 4 minutes or until they are crisp. Remove the foil, fill each cone with scoop of ice cream and garnish with berries. To make the cups: Fit each crepe into an ovenproof 1 1/4 cup glass custard cup and put a large ball of foil in the center of each crepe to keep it open. Bak <END>
INPUT: Asian, cold, Chinese egg noodles, rice wine vinegar, Asian sesame oil, soy sauce, sesame seeds
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cold Sesame Noodles | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 8 ounces Chinese egg noodles; 2 tablespoons rice wine vinegar; 2 tablespoons toasted Asian sesame oil; 1 tablespoon plus 2 teaspoons soy sauce; 1 tablespoon toasted sesame seeds; 1 tablespoon peeled, grated fresh ginger; 1/4 teaspoon kosher salt; 2 scallions, thinly slice on the diagonal; 1/4 teaspoon crushed red pepper (optional) | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook the egg noodles according to package instructions. Drain and rinse under cold running water. Transfer the noodles to a large bowl. In a small bowl, whisk together the vinegar, oil, soy sauce, sesame seeds, ginger, salt, scallion, and, if using, red pepper. Remove the noodles from the refrigerator and mix with the sesame mixture until well coated. Serve cold or at room temperature. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, kebabs, dressing, lime juice, sugar, poppy seeds, salt, vegetable oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Watermelon-Honeydew Kebabs with Lime-Poppy Seed Dressing | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons fresh lime juice; 3 tablespoons sugar; 1 1/2 teaspoons poppy seeds; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 1/2 cup vegetable oil; 2 3-pound honeydew melons, halved, seeded; 1 small seedless watermelon, cut into 3/4-inch-thick slices; 24 6-inch bamboo skewers | INSTRUCTIONS: Whisk first 4 ingredients in medium bowl. Gradually whisk in oil. Using large melon baller, scoop out 72 balls of honeydew. Using 1 1/4-inch round fluted cookie cutter, cut out 48 rounds from watermelon slices. Alternate 3 honeydew balls and 2 watermelon rounds on each skewer. (Can be made 4 hours ahead. Cover dressing and kebabs separately; chill.) Serve kebabs with dressing. Whisk first 4 ingredients in medium bowl. Gradually whisk in oil. Using large melon baller, scoop out 72 balls of honeydew. Using 1 1/4-inch round fluted cookie cutter, cut out 48 rounds from watermelon slices. Alternate <END>
INPUT: lollipops, nuts, bittersweet chocolate, chocolate, milk chocolate, Vegetable
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate Lollipops | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup nuts, optional; 16 ounces bittersweet chocolate, tempered; 16 ounces white chocolate, tempered; 16 ounces milk chocolate, tempered; Vegetable cooking spray | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: Lollipop molds or non-toxic molding compound (recommended: Play-Doh) Lollipop sticks If desired, add nuts to any or all of the chocolates. Pour the chocolate into the molds, filling them to the top. Set the sticks in place by inserting them just far enough to be secure within the mold you are using. Set the molds aside to allow the chocolate to set. When set, simply pop out the lollipops. If you are using molding compound, roll it into a 1/2-inch-thick rectangle on top of a sheet of parchment paper. Using a sharp paring knife, cut out whatever shapes you would like and remov <END>
INPUT: Asian, satay, garlic, cilantro stems leaves, honey, Thai curry paste, coconut milk
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken Satay with Peanut Sauce | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 4 garlic cloves; 10 to 12 fresh cilantro stems and leaves attached, well washed; 5 tablespoons honey; 4 tablespoons Thai red curry paste; 1 cup coconut milk; 4 tablespoons soy sauce; 1/2 cup water; 1 pound chicken breast cut into 1/4-inch thick strips; 3 tablespoons peanut oil; 1/2 cup roasted peanuts, finely chopped; Salt to taste; Wooden skewers soaked in hot water | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine the garlic, cilantro, honey, red curry, coconut milk, soy sauce and water in a sauce pan set over medium heat, bring to a boil and reduce to a simmer. Cook for 5 minutes, remove from the heat and cool completely. Divide the sauce in two, put half in a dish large enough to hold the chicken and set the second half aside to be used later as the dipping sauce. The chicken should be sliced lengthwise into strips, threaded on the presoaked skewers and placed into the first dish of sauce. Refrigerate and marinate the chicken overnight. When ready to cook, heat a 12-inch cast iron skillet over <END>
INPUT: cream, sweet potato, splenda sugar, agave nectar, oat milk, splenda
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sweet Potato Ice Cream | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 large sweet potato; 1/2 cup splenda brown sugar; 1/4 cup agave nectar; 2 cups oat milk; 1/2 cup splenda; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; 1 teaspoon pumpkin pie spice | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: 1 1/2-quart ice cream/sorbet maker (recommended: Cuisinart) Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Peel and slice the sweet potato into 1/2-inch pieces or thinner and add them to a baking dish. Mix the brown sugar and agave nectar together in a small bowl and pour it over the sweet potatoes. Bake for 30 minutes to 1 hour. Cool the potatoes in the refrigerator overnight, which will help soften the potatoes. Blitz the potatoes in a food processor. Make certain all of the syrup is being mixed in with the potatoes and not falling to the bottom of the processor. Add 2 cups of oat mil <END>
INPUT: American, greek, omelet, Idaho baking potato, olive oil, garlic, feta cheese
OUTPUT: TITLE: Greek Potato Spinach and Feta Cheese Omelet | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 Idaho baking potato, peeled; 4 tablespoons olive oil, divided; 2 cloves garlic; 1 (10-ounce) bag of spinach, washed, stemed, and spun dry; 1/3 cup feta cheese, crumbled; 4 eggs; 1 tablespoon butter | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat 1 tablespoon olive oil in a 4 to 6-inch nonstick skillet. In a food processor with grating attachment, grate potato. Transfer potato to skillet. Pat into thin pancake. Cook until golden on one side, 4 to 5 minutes. Turn pancake over and cook until golden on other side, 4 to 5 minutes more. Pour 3 tablespoons olive oil into another non-stick skillet. Thinly slice 2 cloves of garlic. Place garlic in cold oil and bring up to heat slowly. Saute until garlic is just golden. Remove garlic from pan and add spinach. Cook until just wilted. Remove from pan. Beat 4 eggs until just combined. Do not  <END>
INPUT: torte, sugar, unbleached all purpose, baking powder, eggs
OUTPUT: TITLE: Plum Torte | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 cup PLUS 1 or 2 tablespoons sugar; 8 tablespoons (1 stick) unsalted butter; 1 cup unbleached all-purpose flour, sifted; 1 teaspoon baking powder; 2 eggs; Pinch salt; 24 halves pitted Italian (aka prune or purple) plums; 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, or more; Vanilla ice cream, optional | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. Arrange a rack in the lower third of the oven. Preheat the oven to 350°F. 2. In an electric mixer, cream the 3/4 cup sugar and butter. Add the flour, baking powder, eggs, and salt and beat to mix well. Place in a 9- or 10-inch ungreased springform pan. Cover the top with the plums, skin side down. Mix the cinnamon with the remaining 1 or 2 tablespoons of sugar and sprinkle over the top. 3. Bake for 40 to 50 minutes, until the center tests done with a toothpick. Remove and cool to room temperature or serve warm. Serve plain or with vanilla ice cream. 1. Arrange a rack in the lower third of t <END>
INPUT: Italian, herb, caesar, Juice lemons, basil basil, oregano oregano, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lemon-Herb Chicken with Roasted Potatoes and Easy Caesar Salad | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: Juice of 2 lemons (about 1/3 cup); 2 tablespoons chopped fresh basil or 2 teaspoons dried basil; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh oregano or 1 teaspoon dried oregano; 2 teaspoons chopped garlic; 4 boneless, skinless chicken breast halves (about 1 3/4 pounds); 1 tablespoon plus 1 1/2 teaspoons olive oil; 14 ounces small red potatoes, quartered; 4 teaspoons olive oil; 1 tablespoon fresh rosemary or 1 teaspoon dried rosemary; 2 slices whole-wheat bread; 3 teaspoons chopped garlic; 1–2 anchovy fillets, sliced; Juice of 1/2 lemon (about 2 tablespoons); 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1/8 teaspoon salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Chicken: Mix lemon juice, basil, oregano and garlic. Season chicken with salt and pepper. Heat oil over medium heat in a large skillet. Cook chicken 8 minutes; turn and cook 5 minutes more. Add lemon-juice mixture and stir up anything stuck to skillet. Reduce heat and cover; simmer until cooked through, about 6 minutes. Mix lemon juice, basil, oregano and garlic. Season chicken with salt and pepper. Heat oil over medium heat in a large skillet. Cook chicken 8 minutes; turn and cook 5 minutes more. Add lemon-juice mixture and stir up anything stuck to skillet. Reduce heat and cover; simmer unti <END>
INPUT: cornbread, coarse grind cornmeal, sugar, kosher salt, baking powder, baking soda
OUTPUT: TITLE: Skillet Cornbread With Chives | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups coarse-grind cornmeal; 2 tablespoons sugar (optional); 1 teaspoon kosher salt; 1/2 teaspoon baking powder; 1/2 teaspoon baking soda; 1 large egg; 1 1/2 cups buttermilk; 1 tablespoon lard or vegetable oil; 1/2 cup (1 stick) unsalted butter, room temperature; 2 tablespoons finely chopped chives; Flaky sea salt (for serving); A 10-inch cast-iron skillet | INSTRUCTIONS: Place a rack in middle of oven and set skillet on rack; preheat to 450°F. Meanwhile, whisk cornmeal, sugar (if using), kosher salt, baking powder, and baking soda in a large bowl to combine. Whisk egg and buttermilk in a medium bowl; add to dry ingredients and mix to incorporate. Carefully remove skillet from oven, add lard, and swirl in pan to coat. Scrape batter into skillet (it should sizzle around edges on contact). Bake cornbread until top is golden brown and center is firm, 15–20 minutes. Let cool 15 minutes before serving. Spread butter over cornbread, top with chives, and sprinkle with <END>
INPUT: nests, dark chocolate, coconut oil, pretzel, chocolate egg candies
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate Nests | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 12 ounces dark chocolate, chopped; 3 tablespoons coconut oil; 12 ounces pretzel sticks; 1 bag chocolate egg candies | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Melt the chocolate and coconut oil in a bowl in the microwave 2 to 3 minutes. Coat the pretzel sticks in the chocolate and arrange them into nests on a parchment or wax paper-lined surface. Refrigerate for 10 minutes to set, then add the chocolate egg candies. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, curried, virgin olive oil, cubed butternut squash, leeks, Kosher salt, curry powder
OUTPUT: TITLE: Curried Mussels with Butternut Squash and Leeks | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 2 cups cubed peeled butternut squash (about 8 ounces); 2 leeks (white and light green parts only), halved, thickly sliced and well rinsed; Kosher salt; 1 tablespoon curry powder; 1 tablespoon grated peeled fresh ginger; 1 teaspoon grated lime zest, plus the juice of 1 lime; 1/4 cup heavy cream; 4 pounds mussels, scrubbed and debearded; 1 cup fresh cilantro; 4 thick slices crusty bread, halved | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat the olive oil in a large Dutch oven over medium heat. Add the squash and leeks and season with 1/4 teaspoon salt; cook, stirring occasionally, until the leeks start softening, about 3 minutes. Add the curry powder, ginger and lime zest and stir to coat. Reduce the heat to medium low and add 1 cup water. Bring to a simmer, then cover and cook until the squash is almost tender, about 5 minutes. Add the heavy cream to the pot, then stir in the mussels. Increase the heat to medium, cover and simmer until the mussels open, 5 to 6 minutes. (Discard any unopened mussels.) Stir in the lime juice  <END>
INPUT: berkshire, grass, Morel Mushroom Sauce, Roasted Potatoes Wild, Kosher salt pepper, veal loin, virgin olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Loin of Berkshire Grass-Fed Veal served with Roasted Potatoes with Wild Ramps and Morel Mush | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Morel Mushroom Sauce, recipe follows; Roasted Potatoes with Wild Ramps, recipe follows; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 whole veal loin; 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 40 jumbo asparagus, washed and lower stems trimmed; 3 to 4 tablespoons unsalted butter; 2 pounds fresh or 8 ounces dried morels, stems trimmed; 1 tablespoon unsalted butter; 2 tablespoons finely minced shallots; 1 tablespoon finely minced garlic; 1/2 cup dry red wine such as Pineau des Charantes; 2 cups chicken stock; 1 cup heavy cream; 1/2 lemon | INSTRUCTIONS: Prepare the Morel Mushroom Sauce then reserve. Prepare the Roasted Potatoes with Wild Ramps. Reserve. Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Heat the oil in a large cast iron pan, over medium-high heat. Season the meat all over with salt and pepper. Brown the veal on all sides, about 20 minutes. Transfer the pan to the oven and roast until the meat reaches an internal temperature of 130 degrees F(the loin will be pink at the center), about 20 minutes. Allow the meat to rest in a warm place for 10 to 15 minutes. While the veal is roasting, blanch the asparagus in boiling salted water. Refresh it in <END>
INPUT: striped, bass, fennel seeds, aniseed, peppercorns, thyme
OUTPUT: TITLE: Striped Bass with Saffron Vegetables and Spiced Broccoli Rabe | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 teaspoons fennel seeds; 1/2 teaspoon aniseed; 1/2 teaspoon whole white peppercorns; 1/2 teaspoon minced fresh thyme; 1/4 teaspoon (scant) saffron threads; 1/2 cup (1 stick) butter, room temperature; 1 1/2 teaspoons tomato paste; 3 garlic cloves, unpeeled; 1 teaspoon plus 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1/4 cup coarsely chopped pitted picholine olives* or other brine-cured green olives; 2 tablespoons drained capers; 2 tablespoons raisins; 4 anchovy fillets, rinsed; 1/2 teaspoon dried crushed red pepper; 1 bunch broccoli rabe (rapini; about 1 pound), cut crosswise into 1/2-inch slices | INSTRUCTIONS: For saffron butter: Finely grind first 5 ingredients in spice grinder. Transfer to small bowl. Add butter and tomato paste; stir to blend. Season with salt and pepper. Do ahead Can be made 2 days ahead. Cover and chill. Finely grind first 5 ingredients in spice grinder. Transfer to small bowl. Add butter and tomato paste; stir to blend. Season with salt and pepper. Do ahead Can be made 2 days ahead. Cover and chill. For spiced broccoli rabe: Preheat oven to 350°F. Place garlic in small ovenproof dish. Drizzle with 1 teaspoon oil, cover tightly with foil, and roast until tender, about 30 minute <END>
INPUT: cake, unsalted butter, all purpose flour, cornmeal, baking powder, kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Concord Grape Cornmeal Cake | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, cooled slightly, plus more; 1/2 cup plus 2 tablespoons all-purpose flour; more for grapes; 1/2 cup yellow cornmeal; 1 teaspoon baking powder; 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt; 2 large eggs; 1/2 cup sugar; 1 teaspoon finely grated lemon zest; 1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract; 1/4 cup vegetable oil; 6 tablespoons buttermilk; 2 tablespoons honey; 1/2 pound Concord or black grapes, stemmed, seeds removed, divided | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350°F. Butter an 8x8x2" baking dish. Whisk 1/2 cup plus 2 tablespoons flour, cornmeal, baking powder, and salt in a medium bowl; set aside. Whisk eggs, sugar, lemon zest, and vanilla in a large bowl to combine. Add oil and 2 tablespoons melted butter; whisk to blend. Whisk in flour mixture, then buttermilk. Stir in honey, being careful not to fully incorporate. Pour batter into prepared dish. Toss half of grapes with a large pinch of flour in a medium bowl until well coated. Scatter over cake batter. Bake until cake turns light golden brown around the edges and starts to set, 1 <END>
INPUT: deluxe, baking soda, salt, lukewarm water
OUTPUT: TITLE: Deluxe Chocolate Cake | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups (200 grams) sifted cake flour; 1 teaspoon baking soda; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 1/2 cup (50 grams) unsifted cocoa powder; 1/2 cup lukewarm water; 1/2 cup buttermilk, room temperature; 1/2 cup water; 2 teaspoons vanilla; 2 large eggs, room temperature; 4 ounces (1 stick) unsalted butter, room temperature; 1 cup (200 grams) granulated sugar; 1 cup (200 grams) light brown sugar, packed; 8 ounces semisweet or bittersweet chocolate, finely chopped; 1 cup heavy cream; 1 cup heavy cream, whipped | INSTRUCTIONS: Adjust rack in lower third of oven. Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Grease and flour two 8-inch round cake pans, and insert parchment paper or waxed paper to line the bottoms. Sift the flour, baking soda, and salt onto a sheet of waxed paper; set aside. Place the cocoa in a 1-quart mixing bowl. Add the 1/2 cup lukewarm water, and whisk to combine; set aside to cool. Pour the buttermilk, the 1/2 cup water, and the vanilla into a liquid cup measure. Crack the eggs into a small bowl, and whisk together to combine the yolks and whites. Place the butter in the bowl of a heavy-duty mixer, preferably fi <END>
INPUT: french, stew, canola oil, sausage links, roasted tomato halves, beans bacon, chicken broth
OUTPUT: TITLE: Round 2 Recipe: French Stew | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 teaspoons canola oil; 2 sausage links, any kind, cut into 1/2-inch-thick rounds; 4 roasted tomato halves; 1 1/2 cups beans with bacon, from Beans and Bacon Macaroni, recipe follows; 1/2 cup chicken broth; 1 tablespoon unsalted butter; 1/4 cup breadcrumbs; 8 ounces bacon; Kosher salt; 1 medium yellow onion, chopped; 2 tablespoons chopped garlic; 2 plum tomatoes, chopped; Two 15-ounce cans red beans, drained and rinsed; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh parsley; Freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: In a medium skillet over medium-high heat, add the oil. When it is hot, add the sausage pieces and cook until lightly browned, about 5 minutes. Turn the heat to medium and add the reserved tomatoes, reserved beans and chicken broth. Cook until everything is hot and bubbling, 3 to 5 minutes. Meanwhile, in a small skillet over medium heat, melt the butter. Add the breadcrumbs and cook, stirring frequently, until they are browned, about 5 minutes. To serve, divide the sausage and beans into 2 bowls and spoon the breadcrumbs on top. Cook the bacon in a large skillet, working in batches, until it i <END>
INPUT: American, cookie, ever, all purpose flour, baking soda, salt, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: The Best Chocolate Chip Cookie Ever | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 1/2 cup all-purpose flour; 1 teaspoon baking soda; 1 teaspoon salt; 1 cup (2 sticks) unsalted butter, room temperature; 1 1/2 cups brown sugar; 1/2 cup sugar; 2 large eggs; 1 teaspoon vanilla; 2 cups (12-ounce package) chocolate chips | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Line baking sheets with parchment or silicone baking sheets or spray cookie sheets with nonstick cooking spray. Put the flour, baking soda, and salt into a bowl and stir it with a whisk to combine. Set aside. Using a hand or stand mixer, beat the butter until it is lighter in color. Slowly add in sugars and beat until it is light and fluffy. Add the eggs 1 at a time and beat until they are incorporated. Stir in the vanilla. Add the flour mixture using low speed, then stir in the chocolate chips. Drop by heaping tablespoonfuls about 2 inches apart onto the pre <END>
INPUT: American, olive oil, chicken breast halves, hickory flavored barbecue, smoked Gouda cheese, Boboli
OUTPUT: TITLE: Barbecue Chicken Pizza | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons olive oil; 2 large boneless chicken breast halves; 1/2 cup hickory-flavored barbecue sauce; 7 ounces smoked Gouda cheese, coarsely shredded; 1 16-ounce Boboli (baked cheese pizza crust); 3/4 cup thinly sliced red onion; 1 green onion, chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: Position rack in center of oven. Place large baking sheet on rack and preheat oven to 450°F. for 30 minutes. Heat olive oil in heavy medium skillet over medium-high heat. Season chicken with salt and pepper. Add chicken to skillet and sauté until just cooked through, about 5 minutes per side. Transfer chicken to plate; let rest 5 minutes.Cut chicken crosswise into 1/3 inch-wide slices. Using slotted spoon, transfer chicken to medium bowl.Toss with 1/4 cup barbecue sauce. Spread half of cheese on Boboli. Arrange chicken slices on Boboli, spacing evenly. Spoon any remaining barbecue sauce from b <END>
INPUT: secrets, Crisco® Original No, Crisco® Butter Flavor, Crisco® Baking Butter, firmly sugar, granulated sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Peanut Butter Secrets | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Crisco® Original No-Stick Cooking Spray; 1 cup Crisco® Butter Flavor All-Vegetable Shortening; or 1 stick Crisco® Baking Sticks Butter Flavor All-Vegetable Shortening; 3/4 cup firmly packed brown sugar; 1/2 cup granulated sugar; 1/2 cup Jif® Creamy Peanut Butter; 1 large egg; 1 tsp. vanilla extract; 2 cups Pillsbury BEST® All Purpose Flour; 1 tsp. baking soda; 1/2 tsp. salt; 40 to 45 chocolate-covered miniature peanut butter cups; Glaze:; /em; 1 tsp. Crisco® Butter Flavor All-Vegetable Shortening | INSTRUCTIONS: HEAT oven to 375 degrees F. Coat baking sheets lightly with no-stick cooking spray. COMBINE shortening, brown sugar, granulated sugar and peanut butter in bowl of electric mixer; beat at medium speed until well blended. Beat in egg and vanilla. COMBINE flour, baking soda and salt in medium bowl. Mix into shortening mixture at low speed until just blended. Form rounded teaspoonfuls of dough around each peanut butter cup. Enclose entirely. Place 2 inches apart on baking sheet. BAKE 8 to 10 minutes, or until cookies are just browned. Remove immediately to cooling rack. COMBINE shortening, chocola <END>
INPUT: lavender, Marcona almonds, olive oil, sugar, kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lavender Marcona Almonds | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon dried lavender; 1 pound toasted Marcona almonds (about 4 cups); 3 tablespoons olive oil; 2 tablespoons sugar; 1 1/2 teaspoons kosher salt; A spice mill or a mortar and pestle | INSTRUCTIONS: Finely grind lavender in a spice mill or with a mortar and pestle (you should have about 2 tsp.). Preheat oven to 300°F. Toast almonds on a rimmed baking sheet, stirring once, until golden, 15 minutes. Let cool, then transfer to a large bowl. Drizzle with oil and toss to coat. Sprinkle with sugar, lavender, and salt and toss again to coat. Finely grind lavender in a spice mill or with a mortar and pestle (you should have about 2 tsp.). Preheat oven to 300°F. Toast almonds on a rimmed baking sheet, stirring once, until golden, 15 minutes. Let cool, then transfer to a large bowl. Drizzle with oi <END>
INPUT: American, sauce, shallot, balsamic vinegar, rosemary, mixed sweet onions
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Steak and Onions with Rosemary-Balsamic Butter Sauce | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 8 tablespoons (1 stick) chilled unsalted butter, divided; 1 large shallot, minced; 1/2 cup balsamic vinegar; 2 large fresh rosemary sprigs; 2 pounds mixed sweet onions, large shallots, baby leeks, and green onions; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 4 (1 1/4-inch-thick) New York strip steaks (each about 6 ounces); 2 tablespoons orange juice | INSTRUCTIONS: Melt 6 tablespoons butter in heavy small saucepan over medium heat. Add minced shallot and cook until translucent, about 2 minutes. Add vinegar and rosemary and simmer until syrupy and reduced to 1/2 cup, about 6 minutes. Remove from heat (balsamic sauce will separate as it stands). Prepare barbecue (medium-high heat). Peel sweet onions, then cut into 1/2-inch-thick rounds. Skewer horizontally with toothpicks to keep intact. Peel shallots; cut in half lengthwise. Trim root ends and tops of leeks. Cut in half lengthwise; rinse to remove any dirt. Trim root ends of green onions. Place sweet onio <END>
INPUT: pepper, salt, water
OUTPUT: TITLE: Black Pepper Almonds | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon black pepper; 2 teaspoons salt; 1/4 cup (1/2 stick) butter; 3/4 cup (packed) golden brown sugar; 4 teaspoons water; 2 2/3 cups blanched whole almonds | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350°F. Line large baking sheet with foil. Lightly butter foil. Mix pepper and salt in small bowl. Melt butter in large nonstick skillet over medium-low heat. Add sugar and 4 teaspoons water; stir until sugar dissolves. Add almonds; toss to coat. Cook over medium heat until syrup thickens and almonds are well coated, stirring occasionally, about 5 minutes. Sprinkle half of pepper mixture over. Transfer almonds to baking sheet. Using spatula and working quickly, separate almonds. Sprinkle remaining pepper mixture over. Bake until deep golden brown, about 10 minutes. Transfer shee <END>
INPUT: bizcochitos, all purpose flour, baking powder, sugar, eggs
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lemon Bizcochitos | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 1/2 cups all purpose flour; 1 teaspoon baking powder; 1 1/2 cups plus 1 tablespoon sugar; 1 cup (2 sticks) unsalted butter, room temperature; 2 large eggs; 2 teaspoons fresh lemon juice; 1 1/2 teaspoons aniseed, crushed; 1/2 teaspoon grated lemon peel; 1 tablespoon ground cinnamon | INSTRUCTIONS: Sift flour and baking powder into medium bowl. Using electric mixer, beat 1 1/2 cups sugar and butter in large bowl until fluffy. Add eggs, lemon juice, aniseed and peel; beat to blend. Stir in dry ingredients. Gathering dough into ball; flatten into disk. Wrap in plastic; chill until firm, about 2 hours. Preheat oven to 350°F. Butter 2 large baking sheets. Mix in cinnamon and 1 tablespoon sugar in small bowl. Roll out dough on floured surface to 1/8-inch thickness. Using cookie cutter, cut out cookies. Sprinkle cinnamon sugar over. Transfer cookies to sheets. Bake until golden, about 12 minut <END>
INPUT: American, mini, sandwiches, vegetable, wheat bran, milk, egg
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mini Date Nut Carrot Muffin Sandwiches with Cream Cheese Center Frosting | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: Nonstick vegetable cooking spray; 1 package (16.6 ounces) date muffin mix; 1 cup wheat bran; 1 cup whole milk; 1 egg; 1 cup shredded carrots; 3/4 cup pitted dates, chopped (dates may be available already chopped); 1 tablespoon confectioners' sugar; 1(8-ounce) package cream cheese, softened; 3 tablespoon confectioners' sugar; 1 cup carrot shavings | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. Spray 12 muffin tins with nonstick spray. In a medium bowl, stir muffin mix, bran, milk, and egg until just blended. Fold in carrots, dates, and confectioners' sugar. Be careful not to over-mix; the batter should be lumpy. Divide batter equally among the muffin tins. Bake until a toothpick inserted into center of muffin comes out clean, about 20 minutes. Let cool slightly before frosting. To make the cream cheese frosting, combine the softened cream cheese, confectioners' sugar, and carrot shavings in a medium bowl; stir until well blended. Slice muffins in half, <END>
INPUT: Italian, gravy, Kosher salt, lasagna noodles, olive oil, bulk breakfast sausage, scallions
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sausage Gravy Breakfast Lasagna | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: Kosher salt; 8 ounces lasagna noodles (about 12); 3 tablespoons olive oil, plus more for tossing and greasing the baking dish; 2 pounds bulk breakfast sausage, thawed; 1 bunch scallions, whites cut into 1/2-inch pieces and greens thinly sliced; 1/2 cup all-purpose flour; 4 cups whole milk; Freshly ground black pepper; 1/2 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg; 2 cups shredded low-fat mozzarella cheese; 8 ounces white Cheddar, shredded; 1/2 cup grated Parmesan; Two 10-ounce packages frozen chopped spinach, thawed and excess liquid squeezed out; 1/4 cup fresh parsley leaves, chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add the noodles, and cook according to package directions. Strain into a colander, and toss with oil. Drape the noodles over and around the side of the colander to cool. Meanwhile, heat the oil in a large nonstick skillet over medium-high heat. Add the sausage and scallion whites, and cook, stirring and breaking the meat up into bite-size pieces (not crumbs), until the sausage is browned and cooked through, about 8 minutes. Sprinkle the flour over the cooked sausage, and stir until it is completely absorbed. Add 1/2 the milk, and stir until it start <END>
INPUT: acorn squash, unsalted butter, pork, olive oil, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Stuffed Squash | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 small acorn squash, 1 to 1 1/4 pounds each; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, cut into 4 pieces; 1/2 pound ground pork; 1 tablespoon olive oil; 1/4 cup chopped onion; 1/4 cup chopped celery; 1/4 cup chopped carrot; 1/2 cup white wine; 1 1/2 cups cooked rice; 1 (10-ounce) package frozen spinach, completely thawed, drained and chopped; 1/2 cup toasted pine nuts; 1 1/2 teaspoons dried oregano; Generous pinch kosher salt; Freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Cut 1-inch off the top of each acorn squash and scoop out the seeds. If necessary in order for the squash to sit upright, cut off a small portion of the bottom. Put 1 of the 4 pieces of butter in the cavity of each squash. Set squash on a sheet pan lined with parchment paper. Set aside. In a large saute pan over medium heat, brown the ground pork until no longer pink. Remove the meat from the pan, add the olive oil and saute the onion, celery, and carrot until they begin to soften, approximately 7 to 10 minutes. Deglaze the pan  <END>
INPUT: anton, canola oil, onion, garlic, all purpose flour, Salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Braised Oxtails "Anton" | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup canola oil; 1 large red onion, sliced; 3 cloves garlic, lightly crushed with the side of a knife blade; 1/2 cup all-purpose flour, or enough as needed to coat oxtails; Salt and black pepper; 4 pounds oxtails, cut into 2-inch cross sections; 1 (750 mL) bottle red wine; 1/2 cup demi-glace; 2 tablespoons tomato paste; 1 bay leaf; 1 large sprig fresh flat-leaf parsley; 1 large sprig thyme; 4 tablespoons butter; 1 tablespoon lime zest; 1 large clove garlic, finely minced | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat canola oil over medium-high in a large saute pot. Add onion and garlic and saute until the onions begin to turn translucent. While they are cooking, season the flour with salt and pepper and coat the oxtails, allowing any excess flour to fall away. Sear the oxtails on both sides in the pot with the onions and garlic, then remove them to a utility platter. De-glaze the pan with the red wine. Whisk in demi-glace and tomato paste and add bay leaf, parsley and thyme. Lower heat and return oxtails to pot. Cover and let simmer until meat is tender (it should easily fall away from bone), about 3 <END>
INPUT: Italian, pesto, walnuts, garlic, zest lemon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fettuccine with Asparagus, Beet Green Pesto, and Poached Egg | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup walnuts; 1 1/2 cups (packed) chopped beet greens (from 1 bunch beets); 2 garlic cloves, crushed; 1/4 cup (packed) parsley leaves; Finely grated zest of 1 lemon; 3 teaspoons fresh lemon juice, divided; Kosher salt; 3/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, divided; Olive oil; 2/3 cup grated Parmesan, plus more for serving; 4 large eggs; 3/4 pound fettuccine; 1 bunch asparagus (about 1 pound), trimmed, shaved lengthwise into ribbons with a vegetable peeler | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat a large skillet over medium and toast walnuts, shaking pan often, until fragrant, about 5 minutes. Transfer to a plate or bowl and let cool; reserve skillet. Pulse cooled walnuts, beet greens, garlic, parsley, lemon zest, 2 tsp. lemon juice, 3/4 tsp. salt, and 1/2 tsp. pepper in a food processor until finely chopped. With the motor running, slowly drizzle in 3/4 cup oil until a thick sauce forms. Add 2/3 cup Parmesan and pulse until well combined. You should have about 1 1/2 cups pesto. Bring a large pot of salted water to a very low simmer. The water should register 180°F on an instant-r <END>
INPUT: rang, muoi, salt, fine pepper, sugar, five spice powder
OUTPUT: TITLE: Salt and Pepper Red Crab: Cua Rang Muoi | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon salt; 1 teaspoon fine white pepper; 1 teaspoon sugar; 1/2 teaspoon five spice powder; 2 (14 ounce/400 g each) live crabs, blue swimmer or mud crab; Vegetable oil, for deep-frying; Potato starch, for dusting; 3 red Asian shallots, finely diced; 2 cloves garlic, finely diced; 3 spring onions (scallions), cut into 2-inch/5 cm lengths; 2 long red chiles, thinly sliced on the diagonal; Serving suggestion: Jasmine rice | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: cleaver For the seasoning mix: In a bowl, mix salt, white pepper, sugar, and five spice pepper together. To prepare your crabs humanely, place them in the freezer for 1 hour to put them to sleep, or submerge them in an ice bath for 5 minutes. Remove the upper shell of the crab, pick off the gills, which look like little fingers, and discard them. Clean the crab under running water and drain. Place the crab on its stomach and chop the crab in 1/2 with a heavy cleaver. Now chop each 1/2 into 4 pieces, chopping each piece after each leg. With the back of the cleaver gently crac <END>
INPUT: Indian, scalloped, chilies, Balchao Masala, coarse kosher sea, Vegetable, russet Yukon Gold
OUTPUT: TITLE: Scalloped Potatoes With Coconut Milk and Chilies | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 1 can (13.5 ounces) unsweetened coconut milk; 2 tablespoons Balchao Masala; 1 1/2 teaspoons coarse kosher or sea salt; Vegetable cooking spray; 1 pound russet or Yukon Gold potatoes, peeled, cut crosswise or lengthwise (depending on their size) into 1/4-inch-thick slices, and submerged in a bo; 4 scallions (green tops and white bulbs), thinly sliced crosswise; 8 to 10 medium-size to large fresh curry leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350°F. Whisk the coconut milk, masala, and salt together in a small bowl. Lightly spray a casserole dish with cooking spray. Drain the potatoes. Cover the bottom of the casserole with a layer of potatoes, and sprinkle a third of the scallions over them. Stir the sauce (the masala tends to sink to the bottom, so a good stir helps to mix everything evenly) and drizzle a third of it over the layer. Repeat the layers of potatoes, scallions, and masala two more times, using up all the ingredients Spread the curry leaves over the top layer. Cover the dish and bake until the potat <END>
INPUT: bars, salted butter, all purpose flour, granulated sugar, kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lemon Bars | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 sticks salted butter, cut into cubes, plus more for greasing the pan; 1 1/2 cups all-purpose flour; 1/2 cup granulated sugar; 1/4 teaspoon kosher salt; 2 cups granulated sugar; 1/2 cup all-purpose flour; 6 large eggs; Zest and juice of 5 lemons; Powdered sugar, for sifting | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Special equipment: 9 x 13 inch pan For the crust: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Grease a 9-by-13-inch pan with butter and line with foil. Cut together the butter, flour, granulated sugar and salt. Press into the prepared pan and bake until golden, about 20 minutes. For the filling: Whisk together the granulated sugar, flour and eggs until smooth. Add the lemon zest and juice and mix until combined. Pour over the crust and bake until just set, about 20 minutes. Allow to cool in the fridge for a minimum of 2 hours, then sift powdered sugar over the top before  <END>
INPUT: American, burger
OUTPUT: TITLE: Edamame Burger | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups (340 g) shelled and frozen edamame; 1 can (15 ounces, or 420 g) chickpeas, with liquid; 8 ounces (227 g) sliced mushrooms; 1/2 cup (65 g) finely ground raw cashews; 1/2 cup (60 g) nutritional yeast; 4 cloves garlic; 1/2 teaspoon ground cumin; 1/4 teaspoon liquid smoke (optional); 1 teaspoon Bragg's Liquid Aminos or soy sauce; Salt and pepper, to taste; 3 1/2 cups (420 g) chickpea flour; Oil, for frying | INSTRUCTIONS: Place the frozen edamame and the entire can of chickpeas, including the liquid, in a saucepot and warm through. This step is to defrost the edamame; if you use fresh or precooked edamame, you can skip this step. Combine the edamame, chickpeas and liquid, mushrooms, cashews, yeast, garlic, cumin, liquid smoke, liquid aminos, and salt and pepper in a food processor and process until smooth. Pour into a large bowl. Slowly add the flour until a thicker consistency is formed. Depending on the moisture content of your mixture, you may need just a little flour or a whole lot. Place the entire bowl in <END>
INPUT: provencal, olive oil, tomatoes, Coarse salt pepper, bread crumbs, Parmesan
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tomatoes Provencal | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 tablespoons olive oil; 3 large ripe tomatoes; Coarse salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 to 1 1/2 cups fresh bread crumbs; 3 tablespoons freshly grated Parmesan; 2 to 3 tablespoons coarsely chopped parsley; 2 tablespoons finely chopped shallot; 1 teaspoon herbes de Provence | INSTRUCTIONS: Place rack in upper third of oven and heat to 400 degrees F. Lightly brush the inside of a shallow baking dish with 1 teaspoon oil. Core tomatoes and halve crosswise. Over a bowl, squeeze each 1/2 gently to force out seeds and juice. With fingers, remove any remaining seeds. Arrange in prepared baking dish, cut side up. Season with salt and pepper. Combine bread crumbs, Parmesan, parsley, shallot, and herbes de Provence in a medium bowl. Add 2 tablespoons oil and toss to moisten bread crumbs. Season with salt and pepper. Spoon stuffing into tomato halves, pushing it down into cavities and moun <END>
INPUT: Mexican, mole, Mulaeto chiles, Pasilla chiles, Ancho chiles, turkey legs thighs, Salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Turkey Mole | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 5 dry Mulaeto chiles; 3 dry Pasilla chiles; 2 dry Ancho chiles; 2 large turkey legs and thighs, washed and dried; Salt and pepper; 1/4 cup vegetable oil; 1 onion, peeled and diced; 2 garlic cloves, peeled and minced; 2 tablespoons skinless peanuts; 2 tablespoons golden raisins; 4 tomatillos, peeled, cored, washed and chopped; 1 corn tortilla, lightly toasted over open flame, and broken into small pieces; 1/4 teaspoon anise seeds; 6 coriander seeds; 1 clove | INSTRUCTIONS: Core, and devein the chiles. Toast chiles in a heavy skillet over medium heat until the skin begins to blister and the aromas are released. Cover with 5 cups boiling water and set aside to cool. When cool puree with liquid until smooth and set aside. Season turkey legs and thighs with salt and pepper. Heat vegetable oil in a large heavy bottomed casserole over moderate heat and brown turkey on all sides, lift out and set aside. Add the onion to the pan and saute 10-12 minutes or until golden. Add garlic and saute a minute longer, then add peanuts and raisins for 1 minute, add chopped tomatillo <END>
INPUT: dumplings, carrots, onion, celery, peppercorns
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken in a Pot with Dumplings | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 (4 pound) whole chicken; 2 carrots, scrubbed and halved; 1 onion, peeled and halved; 1 celery rib, cut in thirds; 5 peppercorns; 1 bay leaf; Water; 3 tablespoons of vegetable oil; 1 onion, chopped; 2 carrots, peeled and sliced; 1 celery rib, sliced; 2 potatoes, peeled and chopped; 4 tablespoons flour; 1/4 cup parsley, chopped; Salt and pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large pot combine chicken, carrots, onion, celery, peppercorns, and bay leaf. Cover with water and bring to a boil. Reduce heat and simmer for 1 to 1 1/2 hours. When meat is falling off the bone, remove the chicken from the pot and set aside to cool. Strain and reserve to remove vegetables and reserve stock. When chicken is cool, remove all meat from the bones and shred. In a large heavy pot, heat oil over medium high heat. Stir in onion and cook for 1 minute. Stir in carrots, celery and potatoes and toss to coat. Cook vegetables for 3 minutes. Stir in flour and cook for 2 minutes. Add re <END>
INPUT: American, tango, sauce, flat iron steak, paprika, salt, pepper, cilantro leaves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Flat Iron Steak with Tango Sauce | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound flat iron steak or top blade steak; 1 teaspoon paprika; 1 teaspoon salt; 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 1/2 cup chopped fresh cilantro leaves; 3/4 cup chopped fresh parsley leaves; 2 tablespoons minced garlic; 1/4 cup red wine vinegar; 2 tablespoons lemon juice; 1/3 cup olive oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Remove the steak from the refrigerator about 20 minutes before cooking, so that it can come to room temperature. This will help the steak cook more evenly. Preheat a grill pan or outdoor grill over medium-high heat. In a small bowl combine the paprika, salt and pepper. Generously season the steak with the spice mix. Put on the grill pan and cook until medium-rare, about 4 minutes on each side. Remove from the pan to a cutting board and allow to rest for 5 minutes. Slice against the grain into 1/2-inch thick strips and arrange on a serving platter. Serve topped wi <END>
INPUT: Italian, carbonara, spaghetti linguine, Kosher salt, bacon, corn, heavy cream
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fresh Corn Carbonara | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 12 ounces spaghetti or linguine; Kosher salt; 6 slices thick-cut bacon (about 6 ounces), cut into 1/4" strips; 4 ears of corn, kernels cut off (about 3 cups), cobs reserved; 1/2 cup heavy cream; Freshly ground black pepper; 1/2 cup grated Parmesan (about 2 ounces), plus more to serve; 1/2 cup fresh basil leaves, coarsely chopped, divided | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook spaghetti in a large pot of boiling salted water, stirring occasionally, until al dente; drain. Meanwhile, fry bacon in a large skillet over medium-high heat, stirring occasionally, until crisp. Using a slotted spoon, transfer bacon to paper towels to drain (reserve fat). Scrape excess corn milk from cobs into a blender by firmly running the back of a chef's knife down the sides. Add cream, half of the corn kernels, 1/4 tsp. salt, 1/4 tsp. pepper, and 2 Tbsp. reserved bacon fat. Purée until a smooth sauce forms. Toss hot pasta with corn sauce, 1/2 cup Parmesan, and half each of the remain <END>
INPUT: salad, orange juice, Kosher salt, virgin olive oil, cooled barley, fennel
OUTPUT: TITLE: Barley Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons freshly squeezed orange juice; Kosher salt; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 3 1/2 to 4 cups cooked and cooled barley; 1 small head fennel, julienned; 1/4 cup pine nuts, toasted; 1/2 cup grated Parmesan cheese; 1/2 cup cooked and crumbled bacon, approximately 4 slices; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley leaves; Freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: In a small bowl, whisk together the orange juice and a pinch of kosher salt. Add the olive oil and whisk to combine. Set aside. Combine the barley, fennel, pine nuts, Parmesan, bacon and parsley in a large mixing bowl. Add the dressing and stir to combine. Season, to taste, with the salt and pepper. Serve immediately or allow to sit in the refrigerator for up to 1 hour. <END>
INPUT: mini pretzels, milk, gelatin, glucose, light sugar tightly
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pretzel Ice Cream | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 300 g mini pretzels about 3/4 (16-ounce) bag, (6 cups); 440 g milk 2 cups; 1 1/2 gelatin sheets; 200 g glucose 1/2 cup; 30 g light brown sugar 2 tablespoons tightly packed; 45 g cream cheese 1 1/2 ounces; 2 g kosher salt 1/2 teaspoon; 0.75 g baking soda 1/8 teaspoon | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. Heat the oven to 300°F. 2. Spread the pretzels on a sheet pan and toast for 15 minutes, until the pretzels have slightly darkened in color and your kitchen smells pretzely. Cool completely. 3. Put the pretzels in a large bowl, pour the milk over them, and stir while steeping for 2 minutes. 4. Strain the milk mixture through a fine-mesh sieve and discard the soggy pieces of pretzel. 5. Bloom the gelatin (see note below). 6. Warm a little bit of the pretzel milk and whisk in the gelatin to dissolve. Add the remaining pretzel milk, glucose, brown sugar, cream cheese, salt, and baking soda and  <END>
INPUT: Mexican, stack, chili, virgin olive oil, lime juice, jalapeno, cilantro leaves, honey
OUTPUT: TITLE: Heirloom Tomato Stack with Chili Lime Dressing | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 4 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 3 tablespoons fresh lime juice; 1/2 jalapeno, seeds removed; 1/2 cup chopped cilantro leaves; 2 tablespoons honey; Pinch salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 heirloom tomatoes; 2 cups baby arugula lettuce; 3/4 pound fresh crabmeat; 2 avocados, halved, pitted and flesh cut into cubes; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; Cilantro leaves, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Using a blender, combine all of the dressing ingredients and blend until well combined. Refrigerate until ready to serve. Cut the tomatoes into 4 thick beef-like slices and put 1 slice on each serving plate. Top each tomato with 1/2 cup arugula leaves. Fold the crabmeat and avocados together in a bowl. Season with salt and freshly ground black pepper, then put 2 tablespoons of the crabmeat mixture on each tomato stack. Drizzle with dressing, garnish with a cilantro leaf and serve. <END>
INPUT: French, quiche, zucchini, onion, butter, wild mushrooms, wine sherry
OUTPUT: TITLE: ZUCCHINI STUFFED WITH WILD MUSHROOM AND PINE NUT QUICHE | CUISINE: French | INGREDIENTS: 5 medium zucchini; 2 tablespoons chopped onion; 2 ounces butter; 4 ounces sliced wild mushrooms; 1/4 cup white wine or dry sherry; 1/4 cup chicken stock, optional; Salt and pepper; 2 eggs; 1/2 cup milk; 1-ounce pine nuts; 4 ounces Gruyere | INSTRUCTIONS: Wash and slice zucchini into 1-inch thick rounds. Scoop out the center with melon baller, trying to remove as much flesh as possible without puncturing the bottom. Set the hollow zucchini on a baking sheet with parchment paper. Sauté onions in butter until light brown. Add sliced mushrooms, and cook over medium high flame until soft. Add wine, chicken stock, if using, salt, and pepper and cook until liquid is evaporated and set aside. Whisk eggs and milk until smooth. Fill zucchini with a little mushroom mixture, pine nuts, and fill to top with egg and milk mixture. Top with cheese and bake in <END>
INPUT: soup, seedless cucumber, scallions, mint leaves, well shaken buttermilk
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cucumber Avocado Soup | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 chilled seedless cucumber (about 16 ounces); 1 (6- to 8-ounce) firm-ripe avocado; 2 scallions, coarsely chopped; 1/4 cup fresh mint leaves; 1/2 cup well-shaken chilled buttermilk; 1 1/2 cups cold water | INSTRUCTIONS: Cut cucumber into 3 equal pieces, then coarsely chop 2 pieces. Quarter avocado lengthwise, then pit, peel, and coarsely chop one half. Blend together chopped cucumber, chopped avocado, scallions, minutest, buttermilk, water, and 1 teaspoon salt in a blender until smooth, 1 to 2 minutes. Chill soup, uncovered, 15 minutes. Cut remaining cucumber and avocado into 1/4-inch pieces and stir into soup. Season with salt. Thin with additional water if desired. Cut cucumber into 3 equal pieces, then coarsely chop 2 pieces. Quarter avocado lengthwise, then pit, peel, and coarsely chop one half. Blend tog <END>
INPUT: Italian, scampi, hot pepper flakes, Vegetable oil, Kosher salt, linguine, unsalted butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Linguine with Shrimp Scampi | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1/8 teaspoon hot red pepper flakes; Vegetable oil; Kosher salt; 3/4 pound linguine; 3 tablespoons unsalted butter; 2 1/2 tablespoons good olive oil; 1 1/2 tablespoons minced garlic (4 cloves); 1 pound large shrimp (about 16 shrimp), peeled and deveined; 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 1/3 cup chopped fresh parsley leaves; 1/2 lemon, zest grated; 1/4 cup freshly squeezed lemon juice (2 lemons); 1/4 lemon, thinly sliced in half-rounds | INSTRUCTIONS: Drizzle some oil in a large pot of boiling salted water, add 1 tablespoon of salt and the linguine, and cook for 7 to 10 minutes, or according to the directions on the package. Meanwhile, in another large (12-inch), heavy-bottomed pan, melt the butter and olive oil over medium-low heat. Add the garlic. Saute for 1 minute. Be careful, the garlic burns easily! Add the shrimp, 1 1/2 teaspoons of salt, and the pepper and saute until the shrimp have just turned pink, about 5 minutes, stirring often. Remove from the heat, add the parsley, lemon zest, lemon juice, lemon slices, and red pepper flakes. <END>
INPUT: cornbread, milk, garlic, eggs
OUTPUT: TITLE: Broccoli Cheddar Cornbread | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 (8.5-ounce) boxes corn muffin mix; 1/2 cup whole milk; 2 cloves minced garlic; 1 (8-ounce) container cottage cheese; 4 large eggs; 1 tablespoon salt; 1 cup plus 2 tablespoons grated Cheddar; 1 stick unsalted butter or margarine; 1 medium onion, chopped; 1 (10-ounce) package frozen chopped broccoli, thawed but not drained | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F. Mix together all ingredients except 2 tablespoons Cheddar to create a batter in a bowl. In a 10-inch cast iron skillet melt butter. Saute onions and broccoli until soft. Pour batter over the vegetable mixture and sprinkle top evenly with remaining cheese. You can also place the ingredients in an 11 by 17-inch baking dish. Bake in oven until golden, 30 minutes. <END>
INPUT: stock, olive oil, onion, carrots, celery, bones trimmings fish
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fish Stock | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1 large onion, chopped; 2 carrots, chopped; 2 celery ribs, chopped; 2 lb bones and trimmings of white fish such as sole, flounder, and whiting, chopped; 8 cups water; 2 tablespoons white-wine vinegar; 4 whole black peppercorns; 2 teaspoons salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat oil in a 5-quart heavy pot over moderately high heat until hot but not smoking, then sauté onion, carrots, and celery, stirring occasionally, until golden, 6 to 8 minutes. Add fish bones and trimmings, water, vinegar, peppercorns, and salt and bring to a boil, skimming froth, then reduce heat and simmer, uncovered, 30 minutes. Pour stock through a fine-mesh sieve into a large bowl, discarding solids. If using stock right away, skim off and discard any fat. If not, cool stock completely, uncovered, before skimming fat (it will be easier to remove when cool), then chill, covered. Heat oil i <END>
INPUT: balls, Peanut Butter, confectioners' sugar, graham cracker crumbs, milk chocolate
OUTPUT: TITLE: Peanut Butter Balls | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 18 ounces Peanut Butter, recipe follows; One 16-ounce box confectioners' sugar; 1 1/3 cups graham cracker crumbs; 3/4 cup (1 1/2 sticks) unsalted butter, softened; 12 ounces milk chocolate, melted; 3 cups peanuts, shelled, unsalted and dry roasted; Peanut oil, if necessary | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large bowl, combine Peanut Butter, confectioners' sugar, graham cracker crumbs, and butter. Mash together until combined. Form the mixture into balls. Transfer to the refrigerator until hardened, about 30 minutes. Dip the peanut butter balls into the melted chocolate and set inside mini paper cupcake forms. Let the chocolate set before serving. In the bowl of a food processor, grind the peanuts until smooth. With the motor of the food processor running, add peanut oil if necessary, and puree until the peanuts are the consistency of peanut butter. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, ancho chiles, russet, Spanish chorizo, Monterey Jack cheese
OUTPUT: TITLE: Potato- and Chorizo-Stuffed Ancho Chiles | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 8 large dried ancho chiles* (3 to 4 oz total); 1 (14- to 15-oz) can stewed tomatoes (with juice); 2 medium russet (baking) potatoes (1 lb total); 1/4 lb Spanish chorizo** (cured spiced pork sausage; not picante), casing discarded and sausage finely chopped (1 cup); 3/4 lb Monterey Jack cheese, cut into 1/3-inch cubes (2 1/3 cups); Special equipment: an electric coffee/spice grinder | INSTRUCTIONS: Rinse chiles, then cover with cold water in a bowl and soak, weighted with a sieve (to keep submerged), until completely rehydrated (most will turn a brighter red), about 8 hours. Do not drain chiles. Put oven rack in middle position and preheat oven to 350°F. Remove 1 chile from soaking liquid and, working over chile bowl and sieve, cut a slit down one side with scissors and let interior liquid and loose seeds drain into sieve. Carefully cut out seedpod, leaving stem intact and letting any easily loosened seeds fall into sieve, then discard seedpod. Repeat with remaining chiles, arranging see <END>
INPUT: caramel, peanut oil, popcorn kernels, salt, sugar, Water
OUTPUT: TITLE: Caramel Corn | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons peanut oil; 4 tablespoons popcorn kernels; 1/2 tablespoon salt; 1 cup sugar; Water, to cover; 1 cup salted peanuts, skins still on | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large, heavy-bottomed pot, heat oil and kernels over high heat, uncovered, until first pop. Cover and remove from heat for 1 minute. Return to high heat and shake until popping ceases. Sprinkle with salt and shake to distribute evenly. Measure 3 1/2 cups of popcorn, and reserve. Place sugar in a saucepan and add enough water to cover. Cook until caramelized and golden then stir in the reserved popcorn and peanuts. Pour onto greased sheet pan and break up slightly into clumps. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, Haas avocado, Juice lime, Kosher salt, slice pain au, pickled Fresno chiles
OUTPUT: TITLE: Avocado Toast | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 Haas avocado; Juice of 1/2 lime; Kosher salt; 1 slice pain au levain, toasted; 4 to 6 slices pickled Fresno chiles or pickled jalapenos; 1/4 cup loosely packed red radish sprouts; 4 cilantro leaves; Pinch Maldon salt; Olive oil, for drizzling | INSTRUCTIONS: Use a fork to smash the avocado in a small bowl, leaving it slightly chunky; stir in the lime juice and season with kosher salt. Spread the avocado smash on the toasted pain au levain, and top with the pickled chile slices, red radish sprouts and cilantro. Sprinkle a little Maldon salt on top and finish with a few drops of olive oil; serve. <END>
INPUT: bruschetta, onion, sherry, lemon juice, cilantro, virgin olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sea Urchin Bruschetta | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 yellow onion, minced; 1 tablespoon dry sherry; 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice; 1 tablespoon cilantro, chopped; 2 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil; 24 sea urchin "tongues"; 6 rustic bread slices | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine the minced onion, sherry, lemon juice, cilantro, and 1 tablespoon olive oil in a bowl. Add the urchins and season with salt and pepper. Let marinate while you grill the bread. Brush the bread slices with the remaining olive oil and grill over medium heat until both sides are lightly colored. Slice the toast into fingers and top with the urchin and serve. <END>
INPUT: stir, Jasmine rice short, beef broth stock, wok clear oil, beef sirloin beef, bell peppers
OUTPUT: TITLE: Five Spice Beef and Pepper Stir-Fry | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Jasmine rice or short grain white rice, 1 to 1 1/2 cups, prepared to package directions; 2 cups beef broth or stock, paper container or canned; 2 tablespoons wok or clear oil, 1 turn of the pan; 1 1/2 pounds beef sirloin or beef tenderloin tips, trimmed, placed in the freezer for 5 to 10 minutes then thinly sliced; 2 green bell peppers, seeded and diced into 1-inch pieces; 1 medium onion, diced; 1/2 cup dry cooking sherry; 2 tablespoons dark soy sauce, eyeball the amount (recommended: Tamari); 2 tablespoons cornstarch; 1 teaspoon Chinese five-spice powder, found on Asian foods aisle of market; Cracked black pepper; 3 scallions, thinly sliced on an angle, for garnish; 1/2 cup smoked whole almonds, available on snack aisle, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Boil water for rice and prepare to package directions. Place beef broth in a small pot over low heat to warm the liquid. Heat a wok shaped skillet or pan over high heat. Add oil (it will smoke) and meat bits. Stir-fry meat 3 minutes and remove from pan or move off to the side of the wok. Return pan to heat and add peppers and onions. Stir-fry veggies 2 minutes. Add meat back to the pan. Add sherry and stir fry until liquid almost evaporates about 1 minute. Add soy sauce to the pan. Dissolve cornstarch with a ladle of warm beef broth. Add beef broth to the pan, then add cornstarch combined with <END>
INPUT: Italian, pizzette, pizza dough, Olive oil, ricotta cheese, prosciutto, figs
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fig, Ricotta and Prosciutto Pizzette | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound store-bought pizza dough; Olive oil, for brushing dough; 1 cup ricotta cheese; 4 ounces prosciutto, cut into small pieces; 6 ripe figs, quartered (or 1/2 cup fig jam) | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Heat the oven to 425 degrees F and arrange a rack in the middle. Roll out pizza dough into a 1/4-inch-thick rectangle. Using a pastry brush, lightly oil the dough, and, using a 3-inch biscuit cutter, stamp out 22 to 24 rounds. Transfer rounds to a greased baking sheet. Then spread 1 teaspoon of the ricotta on top. Evenly distribute prosciutto onto each pizzette. Finish by topping each pizzette with a fig or 1/2 teaspoon of the fig jam. Bake until cheese is melted and underside is brown, about 12 to 15 minutes. <END>
INPUT: blazer, lump sugar, twist orange peel, twist lemon peel, brandy
OUTPUT: TITLE: Brandy Blazer No.2 | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 lump sugar; 1 twist orange peel; 1 twist lemon peel; 2 to 3 ounces brandy | INSTRUCTIONS: Rinse an Old-fashioned glass with hot water to warm it. Add the sugar, orange peel, lemon peel, and brandy, and mash with a spoon or muddler. Light brandy and blaze for a few seconds. Rinse an Old-fashioned glass with hot water to warm it. Add the sugar, orange peel, lemon peel, and brandy, and mash with a spoon or muddler. Light brandy and blaze for a few seconds. <END>
INPUT: American, crisps, milk, Appenzeller cheese, Parmigiano Reggiano, all purpose flour, baking powder
OUTPUT: TITLE: Appenzeller Cheese Crisps | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1/3 cup whole milk; 1/4 pound Appenzeller cheese, coarsely grated (1 1/2 cups); 1/2 ounce finely grated Parmigiano-Reggiano (1/4 cup); 3/4 cup all-purpose flour; 1/4 teaspoon baking powder; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/8 teaspoon black pepper; 2 large eggs, lightly beaten; 1/3 cup beer (not dark); 1 quart vegetable oil; Special equipment: a 12-ounce plastic squeeze bottle with a 1/16-inch hole in tip; a deep-fat thermometer | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring milk just to a boil over moderate heat in a 3-quart heavy saucepan and remove from heat. Whisk in cheeses until melted, then cool to room temperature, about 15 minutes. Meanwhile, whisk together flour, baking powder, salt, and pepper in a large bowl. Stir eggs and beer into cheese mixture, then stir into flour mixture until combined. Force batter through a medium-mesh sieve into a 2-quart measure or bowl and let stand, uncovered, 30 minutes. Transfer batter to squeeze bottle. Heat oil in a deep 10-inch heavy skillet (preferably cast-iron) until thermometer registers 320°F. Working very q <END>
INPUT: hot Italian sausage, olive oil, wine vinegar, garlic, Italian seasoning
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Sausage with Tuscan Beans | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound hot Italian sausage or one 6-count package; 1/4 cup olive oil; 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar; 1 teaspoon chopped garlic; 1 teaspoon Italian seasoning; One 14.5-ounce can diced tomatoes, drained and juice reserved; Salt and freshly ground pepper; One 15-ounce can cannellini beans, drained and rinsed well; One 15-ounce can red beans, drained and rinsed well; 2 tablespoons torn fresh basil; 3 pita pockets, each cut into 8 wedges; One 8-ounce package cream cheese, softened; Zest of 1/2 a lemon; One 15-ounce can red beans, rinsed and drained; 3 tablespoons dressing, reserved from Grilled Sausage with Tuscan Beans, recipe above | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat a grill over medium heat. Place the sausages on the grill and cook until cooked through, 20 to 25 minutes, turning every 4 to 5 minutes. In a large bowl, whisk together the olive oil, red wine vinegar, garlic, Italian seasoning, reserved juice from the can of tomatoes and season with salt and pepper. Reserve 3 tablespoons of the dressing for the Round 2 Recipe Three Layer Bean Dip. Add the beans, diced tomatoes and basil, and toss to coat. Reserve 1 cup of the bean mixture for the Round 2 Recipe Three Layer Bean Dip. Serve the remaining beans with the grilled sausage. Round 2 Recipe -  <END>
INPUT: sauce, virgin olive oil, spicy Italian sausage, garlic, serrano chiles, lightly
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spicy Sausage Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1 pound spicy Italian sausage links; 1 tablespoon thinly sliced garlic; 2 serrano chiles; 1 cup lightly packed, torn fresh basil leaves; 1 (28-ounce) whole tomatoes, pureed with their juices; Gray salt; Freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat the oil in a large saucepan over high heat. Add the sausages and enough water to come about half way up the sausages. Cover, reduce the heat to medium low, and cook until done, about 10 minutes. Remove the lid and allow the water to evaporate. The sausages will then fry in their oil when water evaporates. Remove the sausages from the saucepan and drain them on paper towels. Remove all but 2 tablespoons of fat from the saucepan. Add the sliced garlic and chiles and cook until the garlic begins to brown, about 1 minute, stirring occasionally. Add the basil and cook for 15 seconds, then add  <END>
INPUT: Asian, rare, chips, Taro root, clarified butter, thyme, garlic, Salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Rare Seared Tuna and Scallop, Taro Root Chips and Sea Urchin Sauce | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: Taro root; 1 tablespoon clarified butter; 4 thyme sprigs, leaves removed; 3 garlic cloves, chopped; Salt and pepper; 4 scallops; 1/2 tablespoon sesame oil; 1 pound tuna; 2 portobello mushrooms; 1 tablespoon sashimi oil, recipe follows; 2 limes, juiced; 3 tablespoons soy sauce; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1 tablespoon sesame oil; 1 cup chicken stock | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Thinly slice the taro root and place on a roasting pan. Brush with clarified butter. Sprinkle with thyme, garlic and salt and pepper. Bake in oven until golden brown. Fry scallops in sesame oil. Sear the tuna on all 4 sides and let rest for 35 minutes. Place chopped mushrooms in a roasting pan and pour the sashimi oil on top and roast for approximately 5 minutes in a 400 degree oven. Bring everything to a boil in a saucepan. Bring chicken stock, fish stock and shallot to a boil. Add the soy sauce and reduce. Add heavy cream and butter. Mix in sea urchin. To Serve:  <END>
INPUT: Mexican, kebobs, olive oil, garlic, cilantro, lime juice, Salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Swordfish Kebobs | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons olive oil; 1 clove garlic, finely chopped; 2 tablespoons chopped cilantro; 2 tablespoons lime juice; Salt and pepper; 3/4 pound swordfish, cut into 1 1/2 inch cubes; 8 cherry tomatoes; 8 canned pineapple chunks, 1/4 cup juice reserved; 1 green bell pepper, seeded and cut into 1 inch squares; 1 red onion , peeled and cut into 1 inch chunks | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine marinade ingredients and pineapple juice in a large bowl and add swordfish chunks. Let sit for 15 minutes. Soak 8" bamboo skewers in water for 15 minutes. Alternate swordfish and remaining ingredients on skewers. Kabobs can be grilled or broiled for 8-10 minutes. Rotate the kabobs for either method and baste with remaining marinade. <END>
INPUT: Asian, sate, low sodium chicken, lite coconut milk, low sodium soy, shallot, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken Sate with Spicy Peanut Dipping Sauce | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup low-sodium chicken stock; 1/2 cup lite coconut milk; 2 tablespoons low-sodium soy sauce; 1 shallot, sliced thin; 1 clove garlic, minced; 1 1/2 teaspoons Thai fish sauce (or 2 additional teaspoons low sodium soy sauce); 1 tablespoon brown sugar; 1/2 teaspoon lime zest; 1 tablespoon minced fresh ginger; 1 pound skinless, boneless chicken breast pounded slightly and cut into 1-inch strips; 8 (8-inch) bamboo skewers, soaked for 20 minutes; 3/4 cup Spicy Peanut Dipping Sauce, recipe below; 2 tablespoons minced fresh basil or cilantro leaves; 1/4 cup chopped toasted peanuts; 1/2 cup natural creamy peanut butter | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. In a medium sized bowl, whisk together the chicken stock, coconut milk, soy sauce, shallot, garlic, fish sauce, brown sugar, lime zest, and ginger. Add the chicken strips and marinate for 1 hour. Remove the chicken from the marinade and discard the marinade. Spray a nonstick grill pan with cooking spray and preheat over a medium-high flame. While pan is heating, thread chicken onto skewers. Grill 2 to 3 minutes per side, until meat is cooked through and has light grill marks. Serve chicken skewers with Peanut Dipping Sauce, and garnish with basil or cilantro and  <END>
INPUT: virgin olive oil, onion, cumin, cayenne, Coarse sea salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Hot Pepper Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 1 small red onion, diced; 1/2 teaspoon cumin; 1/8 teaspoon cayenne; Coarse sea salt; 1 large clove garlic, minced; 1 habanero chile, minced; 1/4 cup tomato paste; 1/4 cup tomato sauce; 2 teaspoons apple cider vinegar; 1/4 cup water; 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground white pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: • In a saucepan over low heat, warm the oil. Add the onion, cumin, cayenne, and 1/2 teaspoon salt and sauté until the onions start to caramelize, about 8 minutes. • Stir in the garlic and chile and sauté for 2 minutes more. Add the tomato paste, tomato sauce, vinegar, and water. Mix well, and simmer until it starts to thicken, about 5 to 7 minutes. • Transfer all the ingredients to an upright blender, add the white pepper, and puree until smooth. Season with additional salt to taste. Store in a tightly sealed jar in the ­refrigerator. • In a saucepan over low heat, warm the oil. Add the onion, <END>
INPUT: tawny port, Madeira, sherry, wine
OUTPUT: TITLE: Glögg | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 bottle tawny port; 1 bottle Madeira; 1 bottle medium dry sherry; 1/2 bottle dry red wine; 15 cloves; 15 cardamom seeds; 1 stick cinnamon; 1/2 pound lump sugar; 1/2 cup brandy; 1 cup raisins; 1 cup blanched almonds | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine all ingredients except the sugar, brandy, raisins and nuts in a heavy saucepan and heat slowly. When the wine mixture is hot, place a rack on top of the saucepan so that it covers half of it. Arrange the sugar cubes on the rack, warm the brandy, pour it over the sugar and set it aflame. Ladle the wine mixture over the flaming sugar until sugar is dissolved. Serve in 8-ounce mugs, garnished with the almonds and raisins. Combine all ingredients except the sugar, brandy, raisins and nuts in a heavy saucepan and heat slowly. When the wine mixture is hot, place a rack on top of the saucepan <END>
INPUT: Italian, farrotto, risotto, farro, unsalted butter, virgin olive oil, assorted wild mushrooms, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Wild Mushroom and Sun-Dried Tomato Farrotto (Farro Risotto) | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup farro; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 3 cups assorted wild mushrooms (cremini, shiitake, oyster, wood ear), cleaned and roughly chopped; 2 cloves garlic, minced; 1 shallot, finely diced; 1/2 cup dry white wine; 6 cups (1 1/2 quarts) low-sodium chicken stock, warmed; 1/2 cup diced rehydrated sun-dried tomatoes; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1/2 cup finely grated Parmesan; 1/2 cup sour cream; 3 tablespoons chopped fresh flat-leaf parsley | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Place the farro in a large pot of cold water and bring to a boil. Simmer for 15 to 20 minutes to par-cook the farro, and then drain and set aside. In a heavy-based pot, add the butter and oil. Add the mushrooms, garlic and shallots and saute until just tender, 3 to 5 minutes. Deglaze with the white wine. Add the drained farro and stir to combine. Add the chicken stock to the pot a little at a time, ensuring at each addition that the liquid has been completely absorbed by the farro. Keep stirring and adding the stock until the mixture is thick and creamy. Add the  <END>
INPUT: cauliflower, broccoli, garlic, olive oil, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Cauliflower and Broccoli | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 small head cauliflower (2 pounds), cut into florets; 2 large stalks broccoli (1 pound), cut into florets; 1 head garlic, broken into cloves; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1/2 teaspoon salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Place cauliflower and broccoli into a 9 by 13 inch baking dish, toss with the olive oil, and sprinkle with salt. Cover the dish and bake for 1/2 hour. Remove the cover, stir and cook for 30 to 40 minutes more, until vegetables are tender and nicely browned, stirring occasionally. <END>
INPUT: American, enchiladas, onion, tomatillos, serrano chile peppers, low sodium chicken, Kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken-and-Cheese Enchiladas | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 small red onion, halved; 1 1/2 pounds tomatillos, husked and rinsed; 1 to 2 serrano chile peppers, stemmed and seeded; 1/2 cup low-sodium chicken broth; Kosher salt; Pinch of sugar; 8 corn tortillas; 3 cups shredded rotisserie chicken; 2 1/2 cups shredded mozzarella and/or Monterey Jack cheese; 1/3 cup fresh cilantro; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, plus more for greasing; 3/4 cup crumbled queso fresco or feta cheese | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the broiler. Slice half of the onion into thin rings and set aside. Place the other onion half, tomatillos and serranos on a foil-lined baking sheet and broil until the vegetables are soft and slightly brown, 7 to 10 minutes, turning as needed. Transfer the vegetables and any liquid to a blender, add the broth and puree. Season with 1/2 teaspoon salt and the sugar. Meanwhile, stack the tortillas, wrap in a damp paper towel and microwave just until warm and soft, 1 minute; keep covered. Toss the chicken with 2 cups shredded cheese in a bowl. Spoon a portion of the chicken mixture down t <END>
INPUT: Mexican, tuna, salsa, tangerine juice, lime juice, maple syrup, pepper flakes, olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Seared Tuna with Melon Salsa and Tangerine Lime Mojo | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 3 cups tangerine juice; 1/2 cup lime juice; 1/2 cup maple syrup; 2 tablespoons red pepper flakes; 1/4 cup olive oil, plus more for searing; Salt; 1/4 honeydew melon, cut into very small dice; 1/4 cantaloupe, cut into very small dice; 1 mango, cut into very small dice; 1 orange, segmented, cut into very small dice; 1 small red onion, cut into very small dice; 1/2 cup fresh squeezed orange juice; 1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil; 1/4 bunch mint, finely chopped; 2 tablespoons olive oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine tangerine juice, lime juice, maple syrup, and red pepper flakes in a saucepan. Reduce by half. Cool. Add 1/4 cup olive oil and season with salt, and set aside. In a bowl, combine honeydew, cantaloupe, mango, orange segments, and onions. Add orange juice, extra-virgin olive oil, and mint. Season with salt and set aside. In a saute pan, heat the olive oil, and sear tuna until medium rare. Toss with tangerine mojo and serve with salsa. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, mushrooms, mixed mushroom caps, virgin olive oil, garlic, handful sage, Sea salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Mushrooms with Pumpkin-Chipotle Polenta | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2 pounds mixed mushroom caps, such as coarsely chopped hen of the woods or wood ears, coarsely chopped shiitakes, thinly sliced porcini, thinly sliced; About 1/3 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 1 head garlic, cloves crushed; Small handful sage, chopped or thinly sliced; Sea salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 cup cooked pumpkin puree; 3 cups chicken stock; Freshly grated nutmeg; 1 chipotle in adobo, seeded and finely chopped, plus a small spoon of sauce; 1 cup quick-cooking polenta; 2 tablespoons butter; 2 tablespoons honey; Toasted pepitas, for garnish; Chives, chopped, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Toss the mushrooms with the extra-virgin olive oil, garlic, sage, salt, and pepper, and roast 25 minutes. Meanwhile, heat the pumpkin puree in a small pot over medium heat with a little chicken stock to thin it out. Season with salt, pepper, and nutmeg. Bring the remaining stock to a boil in a saucepot and whisk in the chipotle in adobo, its sauce, and polenta. Keep whisking the polenta until it pulls away from the sides of the pot, then stir in the butter and honey. Combine the pumpkin and polenta and serve in shallow bowls. Top with roasted mushrooms and ga <END>
INPUT: American, chess, all purpose flour, granulated sugar, salt, vegetable shortening, unsalted butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sweet Potato Chess Pie | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/4 cups all-purpose flour, plus more for dusting; 1 tablespoon granulated sugar; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 4 tablespoons cold vegetable shortening; 6 tablespoons cold unsalted butter, cut into small pieces; 1 tablespoon apple cider vinegar; 2 medium sweet potatoes (about 1 pound); 1 1/4 cups granulated sugar; 1/4 cup packed light brown sugar; 2 tablespoons fine cornmeal; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 4 large eggs; 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted and cooled; 1/2 cup buttermilk; Finely grated zest and juice of 1 lemon (preferably Meyer lemon) | INSTRUCTIONS: Make the crust: Pulse the flour, granulated sugar and salt in a food processor to combine. Add the shortening and pulse until the mixture looks like cornmeal. Add the butter and pulse until it is in pea-size pieces. Add the vinegar and 2 tablespoons ice water; pulse until the dough just comes together but is still crumbly. Turn out onto a piece of plastic wrap; shape into a disk and wrap. Refrigerate until firm, at least 1 hour or overnight. Roll out the dough into a 12-inch round on a lightly floured surface. Ease the dough into a 9-inch pie plate. Fold the overhanging dough under itself and  <END>
INPUT: shrimp, tiger prawns, virgin olive oil, Cajun seasoning
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cajun Shrimp | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 pounds tiger prawns; 2 cups extra-virgin olive oil; 2 ounces Cajun seasoning | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Marinate the prawns with the olive oil and Cajun seasoning. Let sit for about 10 minutes. Place on a hot grill and cook until just pink and opaque. Serve immediately. <END>
INPUT: Kosher salt, very long wheat, sesame oil, garlic, Sea salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Longevity Noodles | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Kosher salt; 4 ounces very thin long wheat-flour noodles (longevity noodles); 2 tablespoons toasted sesame oil; 3 small cloves garlic, finely minced; Sea salt and ground white pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring a large pot of water to boil over high heat and salt it generously. Add the noodles, stir, and cook until al dente, about 2 minutes. Drain and rinse with cold water, shaking well to remove excess moisture, and transfer to a serving bowl. Whisk together the sesame oil, garlic and salt and white pepper, to taste, until combined. Pour the mixture over the noodles and toss well to coat. Taste and adjust the seasoning with more salt and white pepper, if necessary. Serve immediately. <END>
INPUT: American, Dijon mustard, forest ham, Swiss Gruyere cheese, egg
OUTPUT: TITLE: Ham and Cheese in Puff Pastry | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 package (2 sheets) frozen puff pastry, defrosted (recommended: Pepperidge Farm); 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard; 1/4 pound black forest ham, sliced; 1/2 pound Swiss Gruyere cheese, sliced; 1 egg, beaten with 1 tablespoon water, for egg wash | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F. Place a piece of parchment paper on a sheet pan. Lay 1 sheet of puff pastry on a floured board and carefully roll it out to 10 by 12 inches. Place it on a sheet pan and brush the center with the mustard, leaving a 1-inch border around the edge. Place a layer first of ham and then cheese, also leaving a 1-inch border. Brush the border with the egg wash. Place the second sheet of puff pastry on the floured board and roll it out to 10 by 12inches. Place the second sheet on top of the filled pastry, lining up the edges. Cut the edge <END>
INPUT: walnuts, bacon, apple cider, sugar, vanilla extract
OUTPUT: TITLE: Apple Cider Glazed Doughnuts with Bacon and Toasted Walnuts | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups walnuts; 4 slices cooked bacon, chopped finely; 1 cup apple cider; 1 tablespoon brown sugar; 1/4 teaspoon vanilla extract; 1/2 stick cinnamon; 1/2 lemon; 2 cups confectioners' sugar; 6 homemade or prepared plain doughnuts, such as Bobby Flay's Plain Doughnuts, recipe follows; 1 cup whole milk; 2 tablespoons sugar; 1 teaspoon salt; One 1/4-ounce package active dry yeast (2 1/2 teaspoons); 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, plus more for oiling and frying; 1 teaspoon grated lemon zest | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: 1-inch and 2-inch round cutters (for making Bobby Flay's Plain Doughnuts recipe) For the topping: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Place the walnuts on a baking sheet in a single layer and toast until golden brown and fragrant, 5 to 7 minutes. Let cool slightly and chop. Put in a shallow dish with the bacon and mix together. Set aside. For the apple cider glaze: In a small saucepot, add the apple cider, brown sugar, vanilla extract, cinnamon and a squeeze of lemon juice. Bring to a boil over high heat and then reduce to a simmer. Simmer until syrupy and reduced by half, ab <END>
INPUT: infused, High quality vodka, lemon, lime, orange
OUTPUT: TITLE: Infused Vodka | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: High-quality vodka; 1 lemon; 1 lime; 1 orange; High-quality vodka; Whole peppers, such as jalapeno, habanero, or poblano (hot) , or bell peppers or sweet Italian (mild) | INSTRUCTIONS: Wash and dry the lemon, lime, and orange. Using a zester or a strong vegetable peeler, peel the skin of each citrus fruit to create narrow ribbons.; When handling peppers, it's best to use rubber gloves; some varieties can sting or even burn the skin. Wash and dry the peppers and slit them lengthwise into slivers. For stronger flavor, leave the seeds intact. For milder flavor, remove. Avoid getting the juice near eyes. For Both Recipes: Clean bottle in warm sudsy water. Rinse and dry. Gently place the citrus peels or peppers into the gift bottle, pour in the vodka, and cover the top of the bot <END>
INPUT: Italian, pesto, basil leaves, parsley leaves, Parmigiano Reggiano, olive oil, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pesto with Basil and Parsley | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups fresh basil leaves; 1/2 cup fresh parsley leaves; 1/4 cup grated Parmigiano-Reggiano; 1/2 cup olive oil; 4 garlic cloves; 1/4 cup pine nuts; Salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Using a pestle and mortar, combine the basil and the parsley and crush until a paste starts to form. Add the rest of the ingredients and continue to crush until a creamy paste has formed. Serve with pasta or bread. <END>
INPUT: virgin olive oil, slab bacon, garlic, pepper flakes, button mushrooms
OUTPUT: TITLE: Bacon Braised String Beans | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Extra-virgin olive oil; 1/2 pound slab bacon, skin removed and cut into lardons; 2 garlic cloves, smashed; Pinch crushed red pepper flakes; 1/2 pound button mushrooms, stemmed and sliced; Kosher salt; 1 pound string beans, stems removed; 1 cup chicken stock | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Coat a large straight sided skillet lightly with olive oil. Add the bacon, garlic and red pepper flakes and bring to a medium heat. Cook until the bacon has gotten brown and crispy and has let off most of the fat. When the garlic becomes golden brown and very aromatic, remove and discard. They have fulfilled their garlic destiny. Add the mushrooms to the bacon pan, season with salt, to taste, and cook until they become soft, about 2 to 3 minutes. Add the beans and the chicken stock, season with salt, to taste, cover and cook over medium-low heat for 40 to 45 minu <END>
INPUT: Mexican, salsa, verde, zucchini, cilantro leaves garnish, onion, lime juice, jalapeño chiles
OUTPUT: TITLE: Halibut with Zucchini Salsa Verde | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 10 ounces zucchini (about 2 medium), trimmed, chopped; 1/2 cup chopped fresh cilantro plus leaves for garnish; 1/3 cup chopped white onion; 5 tablespoons fresh lime juice; 2 1/2 tablespoons chopped seeded jalapeño chiles; 1 1/4 teaspoons finely grated lime peel; 2 1/4 teaspoons coarse kosher salt, divided; Nonstick vegetable oil spray; 1 1/4 teaspoons freshly ground black pepper; 1 1/4 teaspoons ground coriander; 6 6-ounce skinless halibut fillets or cod fillets | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine zucchini, chopped cilantro, and next 4 ingredients in blender. Add 1 1/4 teaspoons coarse salt. Puree until salsa is smooth. do ahead Can be made 2 hours ahead. Transfer to small bowl. Cover; chill. Preheat broiler. Line broiler pan with foil; coat foil with nonstick spray. Combine 1 1/4 teaspoons pepper, coriander, and remaining 1 teaspoon coarse salt in small bowl; stir to blend. Pat fish dry. Sprinkle fish on all sides with seasoning mixture. Arrange fish on prepared pan. Broil until just opaque in center, 3 to 4 minutes per side, depending on thickness. Transfer fish to plates. Spo <END>
INPUT: Bermuda lobster, clarified butter, onion, bread crumbs, fish stock
OUTPUT: TITLE: Baked Bermuda Lobster | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 Bermuda lobster (4 pounds); 2 ounces clarified butter; 3 ounces chopped onion; 6 ounces fresh bread crumbs; 4 ounces fish stock; 2 ounces chopped mixed herbs; Salt and pepper to taste; Melted butter and lemon wedges, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Cut the lobster in 2, lengthways, and clean the head cavity under cold running water. Slightly loosen the tail meat from the shell, season the tail meat and brush with 1 tablespoon clarified butter. In a heavy bottomed frying pan, saute the onions in 1 tablespoon of butter until soft. Add the bread crumbs and cook until golden brown. Pour in some of the fish stock to moisten and add the herbs. Season, to taste. When cooled, fill the lobster head cavity with the stuffing up to where the tail meat starts. Drizzle with remaining butter and bake in a preheated 450 degree oven for 15 to 20 minutes  <END>
INPUT: Indian, thai, beef, cilantro leaves stems, neutral oil, ginger, lemongrass, coriander
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spicy Thai Red Beef Curry | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons roughly chopped fresh cilantro leaves and stems; 2 tablespoons neutral oil, such as canola; 1 tablespoon grated fresh ginger; 1 tablespoon roughly chopped lemongrass (from root end); 1 teaspoon ground coriander; 1 teaspoon ground cumin; 1/2 teaspoon shrimp paste; 10 cloves garlic; 8 medium red chiles, such as Fresno; 4 small shallots, halved; 1 Sri Lankan (kaffir) lime leaf, torn into pieces (see Cook's Note); Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 4 tablespoons canola oil; 2 pounds flank steak, thinly sliced against the grain; Kosher salt | INSTRUCTIONS: For the red curry paste: In a food processor, combine the cilantro, oil, ginger, lemongrass, coriander, cumin, shrimp paste, garlic, red chiles, lime leaf, 1 teaspoon salt and 1 teaspoon pepper. Pulse to a consistent paste. For the curry: Heat 2 tablespoons of the oil in a large Dutch oven over medium heat. Add the curry paste and cook, stirring well, until aromatic, about 2 minutes. Transfer to a bowl and set aside. Add the remaining 2 tablespoons oil to the pot and increase the heat to high. Sprinkle the flank steak with a pinch of salt, then add it to the pot; cook for 3 to 4 minutes. Remov <END>
INPUT: Italian, littlenecks, olive oil, chorizo, garlic, shallots, littleneck clams
OUTPUT: TITLE: Littlenecks, Roasted Corn, Chorizo and Tomatoes over Spaghetti | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons olive oil, or as needed; 1/2 cup chorizo, mild or hot, grilled and cut into bite-size pieces; 1 tablespoon garlic, minced; 1 tablespoon minced shallots; 20 littleneck clams, scrubbed and dried; 2 to 3 large leaves fresh basil, chopped or chiffonade (small strips), plus more for garnish; Pinch red pepper flakes; 1/2 cup clam broth; 1/4 cup dry white wine; 1/2 package spaghetti; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 15 grape or cherry tomatoes, cut in half; 2 ears corn, grilled and then shucked and cut off the cob; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Have a pot of boiling salted water ready for cooking the spaghetti. Heat the oil in a large saute pan over medium heat, and then add the chorizo, garlic, shallots, clams, basil and red pepper flakes, being careful to brown but not burn the garlic. Add the clam broth and wine and cover. At this point you can drop the spaghetti and cook until al dente, 6 to 9 minutes. Drain and set aside, keeping a small amount of the cooking water in case you need a little for your sauce. When the clams are all open, add the butter, tomatoes, corn and some salt and black pepper and simmer for another minute. Tu <END>
INPUT: Asian, lobster, tail, vegetable oil, basmati rice, coconut milk, kosher salt, cilantro
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Lobster Tail with Jerk Sauce and Coconut Rice | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon vegetable oil; 2 cups basmati rice, rinsed and drained; 1 1/4 cups coconut milk; 1 teaspoon kosher salt; 1/4 cup chopped fresh cilantro; 2 scallions, thinly sliced; 3 tablespoons vegetable oil; 4 cloves garlic, finely chopped; One 1-inch piece fresh ginger, peeled and finely chopped; 1 Scotch bonnet pepper, halved; 1 bunch scallions, chopped, some greens reserved for garnish; 2 teaspoons ground allspice; 1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1/2 teaspoon grated nutmeg; 1 fresh bay leaf | INSTRUCTIONS: For the coconut rice: Add the oil to a medium saucepan with a tight-fitting lid and set over medium heat. Add the rice, stir to coat in the oil, and toast for 2 to 3 minutes. Add 1 1/2 cups water, the coconut milk and salt and stir to combine. Simmer, uncovered, until the liquid reduces to the level of the rice. Cover the pot and reduce the heat to low. After 15 minutes, stir the rice, re-cover and set the pot off the heat for 5 minutes. Fluff the rice with a fork and add the cilantro and scallions. For the jerk sauce: Heat the oil in a medium saucepan over medium-high heat. Add the garlic, gi <END>
INPUT: American, salad, bread crumbs, Kosher salt pepper, rosemary infused olive, thyme leaves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Crispy Goat Cheese Salad | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cups fresh bread crumbs; Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper; 1/4 cup rosemary infused olive oil, plus 3 teaspoons; 1 teaspoon chopped fresh thyme leaves, plus 4 sprigs for garnish; 1 (12-ounce) log fresh goat cheese, sliced into 1/2-inch disks; 4 ounces baby mixed greens, washed and dried | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. In a small bowl, mix the bread crumbs with salt and pepper, to taste. Add 2 to 3 teaspoons of the olive oil, to just dampen the crumbs and mix well with a fork. Spread onto a rimmed baking sheet and toast in oven until golden and crisped, about 5 to 7 minutes. Allow to cool, then toss in chopped thyme. Brush the goat cheese disks lightly with the remaining 1/4 cup of the oil and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Coat the cheese on all sides with toasted bread crumbs. Bake on a parchment or silicone lined rimmed baking sheet until warmed through, about 5  <END>
INPUT: minted, salad, orange juice, Sherry vinegar wine, salt, olive oil, fennel bulb
OUTPUT: TITLE: Minted Orange and Fennel Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons fresh orange juice; 2 tablespoons Sherry vinegar or red-wine vinegar; 3/4 teaspoon salt; 3 tablespoons olive oil; 1 large fennel bulb (sometimes called anise, about 1 pound); 3 large navel oranges; 1/4 cup loosely packed fresh mint leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: Make Dressing: In a bowl, whisk together all the ingredients. Dressing may be made 1 day ahead and chilled, covered. Trim stalks from fennel and with a mandoline, thinly slice fennel bulb crosswise. With a sharp knife, cut a slice from top and bottom of each orange to expose flesh and arrange cut side down on a cutting board, cutting from top to bottom, remove peel and pith. Cut oranges crosswise into 1/4-inch thick slices. Arrange fennel and orange decoratively on a platter and scatter with mint. Whisk dressing and drizzle over salad. <END>
INPUT: Indian, sweet potatoes, water, turmeric, cayenne pepper, Salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sweet Potato with Toasted Coconut | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 3 medium sweet potatoes (1 3/4 pound total), peeled and cut into 1-inch pieces (about 5 cups); 2 cups water, divided; 1/4 teaspoon ground turmeric; 1/8 teaspoon cayenne pepper; Salt; 1/2 cup grated dried unsweetened coconut; 1/2 cup canned kidney beans, rinsed and drained; 1/2 teaspoon minced garlic; 1/2 teaspoon ground cumin; 1 small fresh green chile, such as serrano, Thai, or jalapeño, slit lengthwise with stem end intact; 2 tablespoons vegetable oil; 1/2 teaspoon brown mustard seeds; 1/8 teaspoon hot red pepper flakes; 10 fresh curry leaves (optional) | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring sweet potatoes and 1 1/2 cups water to a boil with turmeric, cayenne, and 1 teaspoon salt in a 3-quart saucepan, then simmer, covered, until tender, 8 to 10 minutes. Meanwhile, toast coconut in a small heavy skillet over medium heat, stirring constantly, until very toasted (pale reddish-brown all over; be careful not to burn). Transfer to a plate. Break sweet potatoes up with the back of a spoon so that some chunks remain. Add toasted coconut, beans, garlic, cumin, chile, and remaining 1/2 cup water and simmer, stirring occasionally, 5 minutes. If mixture becomes too thick and begins to  <END>
INPUT: wrapped, figs, goat cheese, pesto, lemon juice, Kosher salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Bacon-Wrapped Stuffed Figs | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 24 dried figs (about 10 ounces); 3 ounces fresh goat cheese, at room temperature; 1 tablespoon prepared pesto; 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, plus 1 teaspoon lemon zest; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 12 slices bacon, halved crosswise | INSTRUCTIONS: Position an oven rack in the center of the oven, and preheat the broiler. Slice the figs about 3/4 of the way down the center lengthwise, and open each like a book; set aside. Combine the goat cheese, pesto, lemon juice and zest and 1/4 teaspoon each salt and pepper in a small bowl with a rubber spatula. Fill each fig with about 1 teaspoon of the cheese-pesto mixture. Wrap each stuffed fig with a slice of bacon, and secure with a toothpick. Put the figs, seam-side down, on a rimmed baking sheet. Broil, turning once, until the bacon is cooked through and crispy, about 4 to 5 minutes per side. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, ranch, mayonnaise, apple cider vinegar, sugar, chipotle hot sauce, chives
OUTPUT: TITLE: Ranch-Chipotle Chicken Wings | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup mayonnaise; 1 tablespoon apple cider vinegar; 1 teaspoon sugar; 1 teaspoon chipotle hot sauce; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh chives; 1 tablespoon plus 1 teaspoon onion powder; 1 tablespoon garlic powder; 1 1/2 teaspoons dried dill; Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper; 3 pounds chicken wings, split at the joints (tips removed); 1 1/2 cups plus 2 tablespoons buttermilk; 1 small onion, sliced into thick rings; Vegetable oil, for brushing | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine the onion powder, garlic powder, dried dill, 1 teaspoon salt and 1/2 teaspoon pepper in a small bowl. Put the wings in a large bowl and toss with 1 1/2 cups buttermilk, the onion slices and 1 teaspoon of the spice mix; cover and refrigerate 2 hours. Drain well, discarding the onion. Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Brush a rimmed baking sheet with vegetable oil. Toss the wings with all but 1 teaspoon of the remaining spice mix and spread on the baking sheet. Roast until browned and crisp, about 45 minutes. Meanwhile, make the ranch-chipotle sauce: Combine the mayonnaise, the remainin <END>
INPUT: sicilian, chocolate cake mix, Canola oil, ricotta cheese, mascarpone, eggs
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sicilian Love Cake | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 box chocolate cake mix, plus the ingredients called for in the directions; Canola oil, for preparing the pan; 28 ounces ricotta cheese (3 1/2 cups); 4 ounces mascarpone (1/2 cup); 3 large eggs; 3/4 cup sugar; 1/8 teaspoon kosher salt; 10 ounces mascarpone (1 1/4 cups); 1 cup whole milk; One 3.9-ounce box instant chocolate pudding mix; 1 tablespoon sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven according to the cake mix directions. Coat a 9-by-13-inch pan with canola oil. Prepare the cake batter according to the cake mix directions, pour into the prepared pan and set aside. To make the filling: Combine the ricotta, mascarpone, eggs, sugar and salt in the bowl of a stand mixer and whisk until smooth. Gently pour the filling onto the cake pan of chocolate batter so the top is completely white. Bake until a skewer inserted in the center comes out clean and the chocolate layer has risen to the top, about 40 minutes. Let the cake cool completely. To make the frosting: Jus <END>
INPUT: stew, beef, onions, chiles, garlic salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Green Chile Stew | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 cups peeled, diced Idaho potatoes; 2 pounds ground beef; 1/4 cup onions, diced; 1 cup chopped green chiles; 1/4 teaspoon garlic salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Put diced potatoes in a saucepan and add enough water until the potatoes are just covered. Bring the potatoes to a boil over high heat, and then reduce to a simmer. Simmer the potatoes for 20 minutes then add in the ground beef, onions, and green chiles. Let the stew continue to cook until the potatoes are fork tender and the beef is cooked all the way through, another 10 to 20 minutes. Season the stew with garlic salt and serve warm. <END>
INPUT: French, water, household bleach, tarragon, chive shoots, wine vinegar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tarragon Chive Vinegar | CUISINE: French | INGREDIENTS: 2 quarts water; 1 teaspoon household bleach; 24 sprigs fresh tarragon*; 24 fresh chive shoots; 6 cups white wine vinegar | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. *Cook's Note: You will need half of the herbs when you start the recipe and half in 2 weeks. It is best to purchase the second half of the herbs when they are needed. If using pint jars for storage, you will need 3 jars. If using small wine bottles, each holds approximately 13 ounces; therefore, you will need 4 bottles. Put the water and bleach in a large container. Dunk 12 sprigs of tarragon and 12 chive shoots in the solution, and then rinse in cold water. Pat dry. Heat the vinegar in a large saucepan over medium-high heat, and heat until vinegar reaches 190 de <END>
INPUT: Asian, hand, salad, coriander seeds, fennel seeds, garlic, wide strip lemon, heavy cream
OUTPUT: TITLE: Hand Salad With Buttermilk, Grapefruit, and Mixed Seeds | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 teaspoon coriander seeds; 1/4 teaspoon fennel seeds; 1 garlic clove, crushed; 1 2-inch-wide strip lemon zest; 1/2 cup heavy cream; 1 tablespoon buttermilk; Kosher salt; 1/4 teaspoon finely grated serrano chile; 1/2 teaspoon finely grated grapefruit zest; 2 tablespoons fresh grapefruit juice; 2 teaspoons fresh lemon juice; 2 teaspoons red wine vinegar; 1 teaspoon finely grated peeled ginger; 1 pound Bibb lettuce, Little Gem, or baby romaine, cut into wedges; 2 tablespoons assorted seeds (such as sunflower, sesame, and/or poppy) | INSTRUCTIONS: Toast coriander seeds and fennel seeds in a dry small skillet over medium heat, shaking often, until fragrant, about 2 minutes. Let cool. Using the side of a chef’s knife, lightly crush spices on a cutting board. Transfer to a small bowl and mix in garlic, lemon zest, and cream. Cover and chill 1 hour. Strain infused cream through a fine-mesh sieve into a medium bowl; add buttermilk and whisk until soft peaks form. Season with salt, then mix in grated chile. Whisk grapefruit juice, lemon juice, vinegar, and ginger in a large bowl and season with salt. Add lettuce wedges to bowl, season with sa <END>
INPUT: Indian, flake, dipping, Canola, cornstarch, light regular beer, soda water, egg
OUTPUT: TITLE: Coconut Flake Shrimp with Pumpkin Curry Dipping Sauce | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: Canola, vegetable or peanut oil for frying, as needed; 2 cups cornstarch; 1 cup light or regular beer, chilled; 1 cup soda water, chilled; 1 egg; Salt; 1 1/2 cups unsweetened, shredded coconut; 20 medium sized shrimp, deveined and shelled with tails left on; Bamboo skewers soaked in water for 1 hour; 1 cup canned pumpkin puree; 1 tablespoon curry powder; 2 tablespoons brown sugar; 1 cup coconut milk, light or regular; 1 lime, juiced | INSTRUCTIONS: For the shrimp: Pour enough oil into a medium sized saucepan so that it is half full. Place the pot over medium to high heat until the oil reaches 340 degrees F. Meanwhile, in a medium sized mixing bowl, add the cornstarch. Stir in the beer, soda water, egg and a pinch of salt until combined. In a separate bowl, add coconut. Place shrimp, tail end first, on bamboo skewers. Dip each skewer into the cornstarch batter and then into the coconut. Fry the shrimp in the oil until the coconut is nicely browned and the shrimp are cooked through, about 3 to 4 minutes. Place shrimp skewers onto a paper t <END>
INPUT: romanoff, cream, sugar, egg yolks, crème fraîche, buttermilk, lemon juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Strawberries Romanoff with Crème Fraîche Ice Cream | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2/3 cup sugar; 6 large egg yolks; 2 cups crème fraîche*; 1 1/2 cups buttermilk, well shaken; 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice; 1 1/2 teaspoons finely grated lemon peel; Pinch of salt; 4 cups quartered hulled fresh strawberries (about 20 ounces) plus; 1/4 cup orange juice; 1/4 cup powdered sugar; 2 tablespoons Grand Marnier or other orange liqueur; 1/2 teaspoon finely grated orange peel | INSTRUCTIONS: For ice cream: Place fine strainer over large glass bowl. Fill another bowl (larger than bowl with strainer) halfway with ice and water. Whisk sugar and egg yolks in third large bowl to blend. Combine crème fraîche, buttermilk, lemon juice, lemon peel, and salt in heavy large saucepan. Stir constantly over medium heat just until hot (do not allow mixture to boil), about 4 minutes. Gradually whisk crème fraîche mixture into yolk mixture. Return mixture to same saucepan. Stir constantly over medium heat just until instant-read thermometer inserted into custard registers 170&Deg;F and custard thi <END>
INPUT: salad, Edamame, olive oil, Lemon zest, Lemon juice, Salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Edamame Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups of Edamame; 2 Tbsp of olive oil; Lemon zest (whole lemon); Lemon juice (half lemon); Salt; Pepper; Pecorino cheese; Mint | INSTRUCTIONS: Part boil edamame and drain. In a bowl, whisk together olive oil, lemon zest, lemon juice and salt and pepper. Add edamame to bowl and mix. To serve, add shaved pecorino cheese and roughly chopped mint. <END>
INPUT: Italian, pudding, olive oil, thyme, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Savory Bread Pudding with Mushrooms and Parmesan Cheese | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 (1-pound) loaf crusty country-style white bread; 1/4 cup olive oil; 4 teaspoons chopped fresh thyme; 1 large garlic clove, minced; 6 tablespoons (3/4 stick) butter; 1 pound assorted fresh mushrooms (such as crimini, button, portobello, and stemmed shiitake), thinly sliced; 1 1/2 cups finely chopped onion; 1 1/2 cups thinly sliced celery; 1 cup finely chopped green bell pepper; 1/3 cup chopped fresh parsley; 3 1/2 cups heavy whipping cream; 8 large eggs; 2 teaspoons salt; 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 1/3 cup finely grated Parmesan cheese | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 375°F. Butter 13x9x2-inch glass baking dish. Cut bottom crust and short ends off bread and discard. Cut remaining bread with crust into 1-inch cubes (about 10 cups loosely packed). Place cubes in very large bowl. Add oil, thyme, and garlic; toss to coat. Spread cubes out on large rimmed baking sheet. Sprinkle with salt and pepper. Bake until golden and slightly crunchy, stirring occasionally, about 20 minutes. Return toasted bread cubes to same very large bowl. Melt butter in large skillet over medium-high heat. Add mushrooms, onion, celery, and bell pepper. sauté until soft an <END>
INPUT: Asian, chicken, cola, garlic, coins ginger, reduced sodium soy
OUTPUT: TITLE: Soy-Garlic Glazed Cola Can Chicken | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1 whole chicken (3 1/2 to 4 pounds); One 12-ounce can cola; 6 cloves garlic, sliced; 4 large peeled coins of fresh ginger, smashed; 1 cup reduced-sodium soy sauce; 1/4 cup sake or dry sherry; 4 tablespoons brown sugar; 2 teaspoons cornstarch; 1/4 cup plus 1 teaspoon white vinegar; 3 red Fresno peppers, seeds and stems removed, sliced into rings; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; Toasted sesame seeds, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Marinate the chicken: Place the chicken in a large resealable gallon-sized plastic bag and add half of the can of cola, 2 sliced garlic cloves, 2 smashed ginger coin and 1/2 cup soy sauce. Seal the bag, put it in a rimmed dish and marinate for at least 2 hours or up to overnight in the refrigerator, flipping the bag periodically for even distribution of the marinade. Make the glaze: Meanwhile, combine the sake with 3 tablespoons brown sugar, 1/3 cup water and the remaining 1/2 cup soy sauce, 4 sliced garlic cloves, and 2 smashed ginger coins in a small saucepan. Bring to a gentle simmer and co <END>
INPUT: poussin, moutarde, very chicken, Dijon mustard, creme fraiche, Salt pepper, butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Poussin a la Moutarde (Small Chicken with Mustard) | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 very small chicken; 2 to 3 tablespoons Dijon mustard; 1/2 cup creme fraiche; Salt and pepper; 1 tablespoon butter | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 425 degrees. Truss chicken and coat all over with a thick layer of mustard. Bake in a small gratin dish until mustard turns golden brown, about 40 minutes. In a small pan heat creme fraiche. Take chicken out of oven, remove any surplus mustard, and pour the creme fraiche over. Bake 10 minutes longer. Remove chicken to a hot dinner plate. Whisk the sauce, season to taste with salt and pepper and whisk in butter. Pour over chicken and serve <END>
INPUT: adam, raft, plum tomatoes, mushrooms, salt, pepper, olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Adam and Eve on a Raft (Poached Eggs with Roasted Tomatoes, Mushrooms and Ham) | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 8 large plum tomatoes (1 1/3 pounds), halved lengthwise; 3/4 pound mushrooms, trimmed and halved (quartered if large); 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/4 teaspoon black pepper; 5 tablespoons olive oil; 8 (1/2-inch thick) slices Italian bread (3 to 4 inches wide); 1 garlic clove, halved crosswise; 8 cups cold water; 1 cup distilled white vinegar; 1/4 pound thinly sliced smoked ham (8 slices); 8 large eggs | INSTRUCTIONS: To roast tomatoes and mushrooms and make sauce: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. Toss tomatoes and mushrooms with salt, pepper, and 2 tablespoons oil in a roasting pan. Arrange tomatoes cut sides up, then bake vegetables in lower third of oven until softened, about 20 minutes for mushrooms and 30 minutes for tomatoes. (Transfer mushrooms to a bowl while tomatoes finish roasting.) Transfer 8 tomato halves to a blender and puree with 1 tablespoon oil until smooth. (Thin sauce with water, if desired.) Season with salt and pepper and transfer to a small ovenproof dish for reheating. To toast bread w <END>
INPUT: garlic, rosemary leaves, virgin olive oil, Kosher salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Yukon Potatoes with Rosemary | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 to 8 medium (about 1 1/2 pounds), Yukon gold potatoes, cut in wedges; 8 cloves garlic, left in their skins; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh rosemary leaves; 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; Kosher salt freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 425 degrees F. Toss the potatoes, garlic, and rosemary with the oil, salt and pepper on a baking sheet. Arrange potatoes cut side down and roast until fork tender, 20 to 25 minutes. Serve hot. <END>
INPUT: American, trifle, Crisco® Original No, water, tbsps. Crisco® Pure, egg
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pumpkin Caramel Trifle | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: Crisco® Original No-Stick Cooking Spray; 1 (14 oz.) pkg. Pillsbury® Pumpkin Quick Bread & Muffin Mix; 1 cup water; 3 tbsps. Crisco® Pure Vegetable Oil; 1 large egg; 3 cups milk; 2 (3.4 oz.) pkgs. instant cheesecake pudding and pie filling; 1 (8 oz.) container frozen extra creamy whipped topping, thawed; 1/2 cup Smucker's® Caramel Flavored Topping; 1/2 tsp. ground cinnamon; 6 tbsps. chopped pecans | INSTRUCTIONS: HEAT oven to 375 degrees F. Coat 13x9-inch baking pan with no-stick spray. PREPARE quick bread mix according to package directions using water, oil and egg. Pour into prepared pan. Bake 18 to 20 minutes or until toothpick inserted in center comes out clean. Cool completely. CUT quick bread into 1-inch cubes. Whisk milk and pudding mix in medium bowl for 2 minutes. Stir caramel topping with cinnamon in small bowl. LAYER 1/3 of cubes in a 2 1/2-quart trifle dish or large glass serving bowl. Top with 1/3 of pudding, 1 cup whipped topping, 2 tablespoons caramel topping and 2 tablespoons pecans. Re <END>
INPUT: American, burritos, zucchini, onions
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chile Cheese Rice Burritos | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 6 (6-inch) flour tortillas; Nonstick cooking spray; 1 1/2 cups shredded zucchini; 1 (4-ounce) can chopped green chiles; 1 1/2 cups thinly sliced green onions; 1 cup cooked rice; 3/4 cup shredded fat-free pepper jack cheese; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 1/4 teaspoon black pepper; 3/4 cup fat-free sour cream; 1 1/2 cups shredded lettuce; 1 tomato, thinly sliced; 6 tablespoons salsa | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 250 degrees F. Warm tortillas in oven. While tortillas are warming, heat a non-stick skillet coated with cooking spray over medium-high heat until hot. Add zucchini, chiles, and green onions and saute for 3 minutes or until tender. Stir in the rice, cheese, salt, and pepper and cook for 1 minute, stirring constantly. Remove from heat and stir in the sour cream. Fill warmed tortillas with rice mixture. Top with lettuce and tomato. Roll up the burrito and serve with salsa. <END>
INPUT: bacon, garlic, shallot, shelled peas, zest juice orange
OUTPUT: TITLE: Peas and Bacon | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 ounces bacon, diced (1 cup); 1 clove garlic, thinly sliced; 1 shallot, thinly sliced; 1 cup shelled fresh peas; Grated zest and juice of 1 orange; 1/4 cup sliced fresh flat-leaf parsley leaves; 1 tablespoon unsalted butter; Kosher salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook the bacon in a large saute pan over medium-low heat until the fat is rendered and the bacon is crispy, about 5 minutes. Add the garlic and shallots and sweat for 1 minute. Add the peas and increase the heat to medium. Pour in the orange juice and cook until the peas are tender, about 2 minutes. Remove from the heat and fold in the orange zest, parsley and butter. Taste for seasoning and add salt if necessary, though you shouldn't need much because the bacon adds a natural saltiness to the dish. <END>
INPUT: galette, almonds, confectioners' sugar, apricots, half puff pastry, granulated sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Apricot Galette | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup sliced almonds; 1/4 cup confectioners' sugar; 6 fresh apricots (preferably underripe and very tart); half a 17 1/4-ounce package frozen puff pastry sheets (1 sheet); 1 tablespoon granulated sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 425°F. In a food processor pulse almonds with confectioners' sugar until finely ground. Pit apricots and cut into 1/8-inch-thick wedges. On a lightly floured surface unfold pastry sheet and cut out a 9-inch round. Transfer round to a buttered large shallow baking pan and prick pastry all over with a fork. Spoon almond mixture evenly over pastry, leaving a 1/4-inch border. Decoratively arrange apricot wedges, overlapping them, on top of almond mixture and sprinkle with granulated sugar. Bake galette in middle of oven until edges are golden brown, about 30 minutes. With a metal s <END>
INPUT: moroccan, carrots, garlic, olive oil, cumin, cinnamon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Moroccan-Style Carrots | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 pound carrots, cut diagonally into 1/4-inch-thick slices; 1 small garlic clove, minced; 1 1/2 tablespoons olive oil; 1/4 teaspoon ground cumin; 1/8 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1/2 teaspoon sugar; a pinch of cayenne; 2 teaspoons fresh lemon juice, or to taste | INSTRUCTIONS: In a steamer set over boiling water steam the carrots, covered, for 8 minutes, or until they are just tender. In a skillet cook the garlic in the oil over moderately low heat, stirring, for 1 minute, or until it is fragrant, add the cumin, the cinnamon, the sugar, the cayenne, and the carrots, and cook the mixture, stirring, for 1 minute, or until the carrots are well-coated with the mixture. Stir in the lemon juice and salt and pepper to taste, transfer the carrots to a bowl, and let them cool to room temperature. In a steamer set over boiling water steam the carrots, covered, for 8 minutes,  <END>
INPUT: Asian, satay, sake, mirin, sugar, miso, ginger
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cod Satay with Asparagus | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup sake; 1 cup mirin; 1 cup sugar; 1 cup miso; 1/2 cup chopped ginger; 1/2 cup minced garlic; 2 pieces cod (2 oz each, about 3 x 3/4 inches) 4 jumbo stalks asparagus (4 inches), peeled 1 tbsp olive oil 1 tbsp minced chives | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine marinade ingredients. Reserve 2 tbsp and marinate cod in the rest (covered, refrigerated) for 24 hours. Spear each piece of fish on a wooden skewer. Place on foil-lined pan and broil until sauce caramelizes, 3 or 4 minutes. Toss asparagus with oil, salt and pepper. Heat a sauté pan (no oil) over high heat, about 7 minutes. Sauté asparagus on all sides; arrange on a plate. Top with cod, drizzle with reserved marinade and garnish with chives. (To evaporate alcohol, increase sake and mirin to 1 1/4 cups each. Simmer until reduced by half and syrupy.) Combine marinade ingredients. Reserve  <END>
INPUT: meringue, layer, Vegetable oil greasing, all purpose flour, granulated sugar, egg whites, almonds hazelnuts
OUTPUT: TITLE: Meringue, Chocolate, and Kirsch Cream Layer Cake | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Vegetable oil for greasing; 3 tablespoons all-purpose flour plus additional for dusting; 1/2 cup granulated sugar; 5 large egg whites, at room temperature for 30 minutes; 3 oz almonds or hazelnuts, toasted (see cooks' note, below), chopped, and finely ground in a food processor (3/4 cup); 5 1/2 oz fine-quality bittersweet chocolate (not unsweetened), chopped; 1/4 cup water; 1 teaspoon instant-coffee granules; 1 1/2 cups chilled heavy cream; 3 tablespoons confectioners sugar; 1 tablespoon kirsch or Cognac; Garnish: grated bittersweet chocolate or chocolate curls | INSTRUCTIONS: Put oven racks in upper and lower thirds of oven and preheat oven to 425°F. Oil 2 large baking sheets and dust with flour, knocking off excess. Trace 2 (8-inch) rounds on each baking sheet with a fingertip, using an inverted plate or a saucepan lid as a guide. Whisk together flour and granulated sugar in a small bowl. Beat egg whites with a pinch of salt in a bowl using an electric mixer at medium-high speed until they just hold stiff peaks. Fold in sugar mixture gently but thoroughly, then fold in nuts. Divide meringue among circles, spreading to fill in circles thinly and evenly. Bake mering <END>
INPUT: Italian, risotto, chicken stock, orange zest, lemon zest, saffron threads, zucchini
OUTPUT: TITLE: Risotto Stuffed Peppers and Zucchini | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 4 cups chicken stock; 1 teaspoon orange zest; 1 teaspoon lemon zest; Generous pinch saffron threads; 2 medium zucchini; 2 red bell peppers, halved lengthwise and seeded; 4 tablespoons EVOO, plus more for drizzling; Salt and freshly ground pepper; 4 cloves garlic, finely chopped; 1 medium onion, finely chopped; 1 1/2 cups Arborio rice; 1/2 cup dry white wine; 1 cup grated Parmigiano-Reggiano; 2 tablespoons butter; Juice of 1/2 lemon | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine the chicken stock, 2 cups water, the orange and lemon zests and the saffron in a pot, and bring to a low simmer. Halve the zucchini lengthwise and gently scrape out the center flesh and seeds. Chop the center flesh and seeds and reserve. Halve each zucchini again crosswise. Arrange the zucchini and bell peppers cut-side up in a baking dish. Drizzle with EVOO and season with salt and pepper. Heat 2 tablespoons EVOO in a round-bottomed risotto pot or pan over medium to medium-high heat. Add the garlic and onions and cook, stirring, until softened, 2 to 3 minutes. Add the chopped zucchini <END>
INPUT: roast, Dungeness crabs, virgin olive oil, garlic, Gray salt pepper, lemon juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Famous Roast Garlic Crab | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 Dungeness crabs, about 1 1/4 pounds each, cooked, cleaned, and cracked; 3 cups extra-virgin olive oil; 20 garlic cloves, finely minced; Gray salt and freshly ground pepper; 1 cup freshly squeezed lemon juice; 1 cup finely chopped fresh flat-leaf parsley; 8 (#10) tin cans, lined with newspaper | INSTRUCTIONS: Cleaning dungeness crab: Holding the body backside up, place your right thumb in the joint between the upper and lower shell on the side opposite the mouth. Your palm will be stretched across the top of the shell. Hold the bottom of the crab in your opposite hand. Force your thumb in and pull up and back to your right until shell snaps off. Pour any juices in the shell into a small bowl. Cut the body into quarters with a large knife. Twist the legs off the body. Crack lightly in several places with a nutcracker and set aside. Heat the olive oil in a very large ovenproof saute pan over medium-h <END>
INPUT: salad, Yukon gold potatoes, Kosher salt, beans, grain mustard, virgin olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pork with Potato-Bean Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound Yukon gold potatoes, peeled and cut into 2-inch chunks; Kosher salt; 1/2 pound green beans, trimmed and halved; 4 tablespoons whole-grain mustard; 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1 1/2 teaspoons celery salt; 2 small pork tenderloins (about 1 3/4 pounds total); 1/4 cup mayonnaise; 3 tablespoons sour cream; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh tarragon or parsley; Juice of 1 lemon, plus 1 teaspoon grated zest; Freshly ground pepper; 1/4 red onion, thinly sliced | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the broiler. Cover the potatoes with cold water in a saucepan and salt the water. Bring to a boil over medium-high heat and cook until tender, about 10 minutes. Transfer to a colander with a skimmer or slotted spoon. Add the green beans to the boiling water and cook until crisp-tender, about 3 minutes. Transfer to the colander with the potatoes, run under cold water and pat dry. Meanwhile, mix 3 tablespoons mustard, the olive oil and celery salt in a bowl and rub over the pork. Broil on a foil-lined broiler pan until golden brown, 7 to 8 minutes; flip and broil until cooked through, 2  <END>
INPUT: Mexican, vegetable oil, garlic, ginger, onion, carrot
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fried Rice with Pork and Kale | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons vegetable oil; 2 garlic cloves, minced; 1 tablespoon finely grated peeled fresh ginger; 1 small onion, halved lengthwise and thinly sliced crosswise; 1 carrot, cut into 1/8-inch-thick matchsticks; 3/4 cupsautéed kale; 1 1/2 cups chilled cooked rice such as jasmine rice; 3 to 5 ouncesroast pork tenderloin (from a 3- to 4-inch piece; opposite page), cut crosswise into 1/3-inch-thick slices and slices cut into 1/3-inch-w; 1/2 cup mung bean sprouts (2 ounces); 1 tablespoon fresh lime juice; 1 tablespoon soy sauce; 1 teaspoon sugar; 1 teaspoon minced fresh chile such as jalape ño, serrano, or Thai (including seeds); 2 scallions, thinly sliced; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat oil in a wok or a deep 12-inch heavy nonstick skillet over moderately high heat until hot but not smoking. Add garlic and ginger and stir-fry until golden, about 1 minute. Add onion and stir-fry until lightly browned, about 2 minutes. Add carrot and kale and stir-fry 2 minutes. Add rice, pork, and bean sprouts and stir-fry 1 minute. Stir together lime juice, soy sauce, sugar, and chile until sugar is dissolved. Add soy mixture to wok, then add scallions and 1 tablespoon cilantro and stir-fry 1 minute. Add beaten egg (if using) and stir-fry until egg is set, about 1 minute. Serve sprinkled <END>
INPUT: Italian, parmigiana, eggplants, Famous Tomato Sauce, vegetable oil, Sixteen Mozzarella cheese, Romano cheese
OUTPUT: TITLE: Eggplant Parmigiana | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 2 large eggplants; 6 cups Famous Tomato Sauce, recipe follows; 3 cups vegetable oil; Sixteen 1/4-inch thick slices Mozzarella cheese; 1 cup coarsely grated Romano cheese; 4 large eggs; 1/4 cup water; 4 cups all-purpose flour; 2 quarts water; For Famous Tomato Sauce:; 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 3/4 cup garlic cloves, peeled; 1/2 teaspoon dried parsley leaves, crumbled; 3/4 cup vegetable oil; 1 1/4 teaspoons dried basil leaves, crumbled | INSTRUCTIONS: Cut the green ends off both eggplants and slice them in 1/2-inch circles. Set aside. Heat the oil in a skillet. Meanwhile, beat the eggs, along with a little bit of water, in a shallow dish. Place the flour in a separate shallow dish. Dip each eggplant circle into the egg mixture and then into the flour, making sure to coat well on both sides. Fry in the hot oil until both sides are golden. Drain the fried eggplant on paper towels and set aside. To assemble, cover the bottom of a 9 x 12 x 2-inch baking pan with some tomato sauce. Arrange a layer of the eggplant over the sauce, fitting the eggp <END>
INPUT: chowder, broccoli, boiling potato, onion, bell pepper, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Broccoli, Red Pepper, and Cheddar Chowder | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 small head broccoli (1/2 pound); 1 large boiling potato (1/2 pound); 1 large onion, chopped; 1 red bell pepper, cut into 1/2-inch pieces; 1 large garlic clove, finely chopped; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1 teaspoon ground cumin; 1 teaspoon salt; 1/4 teaspoon black pepper; 1/2 teaspoon dry mustard; 2 tablespoons all-purpose flour; 3/4 cup heavy cream; 6 ounces sharp Cheddar, coarsely grated (1 1/2 cups) | INSTRUCTIONS: Discard tough lower third of broccoli stem. Peel remaining stems and finely chop. Cut remaining broccoli into very small (1-inch) florets. Cook florets in a large pot of boiling salted water, until just tender, 2 to 3 minutes. Transfer with a slotted spoon to a bowl of ice water to stop cooking, then drain. Reserve 3 cups cooking water for chowder. Peel potato and cut into 1/2-inch cubes. Cook potato, onion, bell pepper, broccoli stems, and garlic in butter in a 3 to 4-quart heavy pot over moderate heat, stirring occasionally, until onion is softened 8 to 10 minutes. Add cumin, salt, pepper, a <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, salad, corn, virgin olive oil, wine vinegar, tomatoes, crumbled feta cheese
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tomato and Corn Salad with Marjoram | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 4 ears fresh corn, husked; 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 1 tablespoon red wine vinegar; 3 medium tomatoes, chopped; 1/2 cup crumbled feta cheese; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh marjoram; 4 large butter lettuce leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook corn in large pot of boiling salted water until tender, about 5 minutes. Cool. Cut kernels from cobs. Whisk oil and vinegar in medium bowl to blend. Add corn, tomatoes, feta, and marjoram; toss to coat. Cook corn in large pot of boiling salted water until tender, about 5 minutes. Cool. Cut kernels from cobs. Whisk oil and vinegar in medium bowl to blend. Add corn, tomatoes, feta, and marjoram; toss to coat. Arrange lettuce leaves on platter. Spoon tomato and corn salad onto leaves and serve. Arrange lettuce leaves on platter. Spoon tomato and corn salad onto leaves and serve. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, bones, compound, butter, cilantro leaves, lime, steak seasoning blend, chipotle
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled T-Bones with Chipotle Chili Rub and Cilantro-Lime Compound Butter | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2 sticks butter; 3 tablespoons finely chopped cilantro leaves; 1 lime, juiced and zested; 2 tablespoons steak seasoning blend for the grill (recommended: Montreal Seasoning by McCormick); 1 tablespoon chipotle (smoky) ground chili powder or dark chili powder; 1 tablespoon sweet paprika; 4 T-bone steaks, 1 1/2 inch thick | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat a two-burner grill pan over high heat or a table-top electric grill to high or preheat the outdoor grill. Cut butter into chunks. Place butter in a bowl. Place bowl in microwave and cook on high for 15 seconds. To chop herbs super-fine, hold the tip of your knife on a cutting board and move the back of your knife up and down very fast going over the herbs again and again. Stir in chopped cilantro and lime zest and juice into the butter using a rubber spatula. Transfer the butter onto a large strip of plastic wrap. Gather the ends of the plastic wrap in on 1 hand and use a straight edge <END>
INPUT: bread, vegetable oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Potato Bread | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Nonstick vegetable oil spray; 1 teaspoon (3 g) active dry yeast; 1/3 cup (80 g) potato flour; 3 1/2 cups (500 g) all-purpose flour, plus more; 1 cup (180 g) buttermilk; 2 tablespoons plus 1 teaspoon (25 g) distilled white or apple cider vinegar; 2 tablespoons (20 g) kosher salt; 7 tablespoons (100 g) unsalted butter, room temperature, cut into 6 pieces; Milk (for brushing) | INSTRUCTIONS: Lightly coat an 8 1/2" x 4 1/2" loaf pan with nonstick spray. Place 3/4 cup (160 g) cold water in the bowl of a stand mixer; sprinkle with yeast and let sit until creamy, about 5 minutes. Meanwhile, whisk potato flour and 3 1/2 cups (500 g) all-purpose flour in a medium bowl to remove lumps. Add flours and buttermilk to yeast mixture and mix on low speed with dough hook, increasing speed to medium as dough stiffens and comes together, about 5 minutes. Turn out dough onto a clean surface and knead until a smooth ball forms. Transfer to a large bowl and let sit 15 minutes to relax. Pull apart do <END>
INPUT: butter, size Bosc pears, water, prunes, golden sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Brown Sugar-Cinnamon Baked Pears and Prunes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons butter; 4 medium-size ripe Bosc pears, peeled, quartered, cored; 1 cup water; 12 pitted prunes; 2 tablespoons golden brown sugar; 1/4 teaspoon ground cinnamon | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 375°F. Place 2 tablespoons butter in 8 x 8 x 2-inch glass baking dish. Place dish in oven until butter melts, about 3 minutes. Remove from oven. Arrange pears in dish. Combine water and prunes in heavy small saucepan; bring to boil. Reduce heat; simmer until prunes are plump and liquid is reduced to 1/4 cup, about 8 minutes. Arrange prunes over pears. Drizzle with prune liquid. Sprinkle with brown sugar and cinnamon. Dot with 1 tablespoon butter. Bake until pears are tender, occasionally turning and basting with juices, about 35 minutes. Serve warm. Preheat oven to 375°F. Place <END>
INPUT: Salt, collard greens, bacon, Salt pepper, Bring pot salted
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Collard Greens | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Salt; 1 bunch collard greens; 2 to 3 slices bacon; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; Bring a large pot of salted water, over medium heat, to a boil | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat grill to high heat. Remove the ribs from the collard greens and discard. Put the leaves into the boiling, water, then add the bacon slices and blanch the collard greens for about 2 minutes. Remove the leaves from the water and place into an ice water bath to stop the cooking process. Remove the collards from the ice water and stack the leaves flat on top of each other, about 7 to 9 at a time. Put the stacked collards on the grill for 4 minutes per side. Transfer the leaves from the grill to a cutting board and roughly chop. Put into a serving bowl and season with salt and pepper, to ta <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, boeuf, bourguignon, beef round roast, flour, salt, pepper, salt pork
OUTPUT: TITLE: Boeuf Bourguignon with Mushroom Couscous | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 2 pounds boneless beef round roast; 3 tablespoons flour; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground pepper; 4 ounces salt pork, rind removed; 2 medium carrots, peeled and thinly sliced; 2 medium onions, finely diced; 5 tablespoons olive oil; 2 1/4 cups red Burgundy wine; 3 1/4 cups beef broth; 2 bay leaves; 2 garlic cloves, slivered; 2 ribs celery, finely diced; 1 1/2 teaspoons herbes de Provence; 24 pearl onions | INSTRUCTIONS: Trim and cut the beef into 1 1/2-by-1/2-inch pieces. In a paper or plastic bag, combine the flour, salt, and pepper. Add the beef to the bag, and shake to coat. Set aside. Cube the salt pork. In a heavy, medium non-reactive pan over medium-high heat, cook until browned, 6 to 8 minutes. With a slotted spoon, transfer to a small bowl and set aside. To the same pan, add the carrots and half of the diced onions. Cook, stirring occasionally, until the vegetables are lightly browned, 8 to 10 minutes. With a slotted spoon, transfer them to a small bowl and set aside. To the same pan over medium-hihg  <END>
INPUT: panisse, kilograms
OUTPUT: TITLE: Green Garlic Panisse | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 250 grams (9 ounces) white portion of green garlic; 100 grams (7 tablespoons) butter; 100 grams (7 1/2 tablespoons) extra-virgin olive oil; 1.9 kilograms (8 cups) whole milk; 45 grams (3 tablespoons) kosher salt; 475 grams (3 1/2 cups) sifted chickpea flour; 1 Meyer lemon; Grapeseed oil, for deep frying | INSTRUCTIONS: Line a half sheet pan (13 by 18 by 1-inch pan) with oiled parchment paper. Split the garlic lengthwise and rinse carefully to remove any dirt. Dry the garlic on a towel, then slice it as thinly as possible. Melt the butter with the olive oil, add the garlic, cover with a cartouche, and cook over low heat until translucent. Transfer to a large pot and add the milk and salt. Increase the heat to medium-high and slowly add the chickpea flour while whisking constantly to avoid lumps. Cook over high heat until the mixture begins pulling away from the sides of the pan and the starchy flavor has cook <END>
INPUT: Asian, stir, basmati rice, soy sauce, cornstarch, rice vinegar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken-Peanut Stir-Fry | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup basmati rice; 3 teaspoons soy sauce; 1 tablespoon plus 2 teaspoons cornstarch; 1 tablespoon plus 1 teaspoon rice vinegar (not seasoned); 1 pound skinless, boneless chicken breasts, cut into 1-inch pieces; 2 teaspoons packed light brown sugar; 2 tablespoons peanut or vegetable oil; 1 2-inch piece ginger, peeled and thinly sliced; 1 bunch scallions (whites roughly chopped, greens thinly sliced); 1 jalapeno pepper (red or green), seeded and thinly sliced; 1 small head Napa cabbage, cored and cut into 2-inch pieces; 1/4 cup roasted salted peanuts | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook the rice as the label directs. Meanwhile, whisk 2 teaspoons soy sauce and 1 tablespoon each cornstarch and rice vinegar in a bowl; add the chicken and toss to coat. Whisk the brown sugar, 1/3 cup water and the remaining 2 teaspoons cornstarch and 1 teaspoon each soy sauce and rice vinegar in a small bowl. Heat 1 tablespoon peanut oil in a large nonstick skillet over high heat. Add the chicken and stir-fry until lightly golden, 2 to 3 minutes. Remove with a slotted spoon to a bowl. Wipe out the skillet, return to high heat and add the remaining 1 tablespoon peanut oil. When it begins smoki <END>
INPUT: haupia, coconut milk, water, sugar, corn starch, pineapple
OUTPUT: TITLE: Haupia with Pineapple | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cups coconut milk; 1 1/2 cups water; 1/2 cup sugar; 3/4 cup corn starch; 1/2 cup chopped fresh pineapple | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine cornstarch, sugar, water, and coconut milk. Stir until smooth. Stir over medium heat until thickened. Lower heat and continue cooking for 10 minutes. Stir in fresh pineapple and pour into a flat pan. Refrigerate until set. <END>
INPUT: Asian, breasts, Chinese rice wine, soy sauce, Asian sesame oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tea-Smoked Duck Breasts | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 2 (1-lb) Muscovy or Moulard duck breast halves with skin; 2 tablespoons Chinese rice wine (preferably Shaoxing) or medium-dry Sherry; 1 tablespoon soy sauce; 1 teaspoon Asian sesame oil; 1/2 teaspoon finely grated (preferably with a Microplane rasp) peeled fresh ginger; 1 tablespoon Sichuan peppercorns; 2 1/2 teaspoons kosher salt; 1/3 cup loose black tea leaves; 1/3 cup rice; 3 tablespoons packed dark brown sugar; 1 (3-inch) cinnamon stick, broken into small pieces; 1/2 teaspoon vegetable oil; Special equipment: an electric coffee/spice grinder; a 14-inch flat-bottomed wok with a lid; heavy-duty foil; a 10- to 11-inch round metal rack | INSTRUCTIONS: Pat duck breasts dry. Score skin about 1/2 inch apart through fat (do not cut into meat) in a crosshatch pattern with a sharp knife. Combine rice wine, soy sauce, sesame oil, and ginger in a sealable plastic bag. Add duck, skin side up, and press out as much air as possible before sealing. Marinate duck (skin side up), chilled, at least 2 hours or overnight. Transfer duck breasts to a plate and pat dry, discarding marinade. Toast peppercorns and salt in a dry small heavy skillet over moderately low heat, stirring mixture and shaking skillet occasionally, until peppercorns are fragrant, 3 to 5  <END>
INPUT: American, refrigerator, bacon, onion, garlic, mushrooms, leftover pot roast
OUTPUT: TITLE: Refrigerator Day Beef Pot Pie | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 4 slices bacon, chopped; 1 onion, thinly sliced; 1 clove garlic, minced; 1/2 pound mushrooms, trimmed and thinly sliced; 2 cups leftover pot roast, cut into bitesized cubes or strips; 1 cup thawed "petite" peas; 3 tablespoons butter; 3 tablespoons flour; 2 1/2 cup chicken broth or beef broth; 1/4 cup chopped dill weed; 1 Kosher dill pickle, chopped; Salt and pepper; Refrigerated pastry crust for top of 9inch pie | INSTRUCTIONS: In a skillet heat bacon and cook until bits have rendered. Strain and reserve the bits for later. In remaining fat in skillet (add some oil if not enough) add onions and saute for 5 minutes or until tender. Add garlic and mushrooms and continue to saute a couple of minutes or until cooked through. Remove the skillet from the heat and strain out any excess fat and liquid by pouring contents through a sieve; add bacon bits to onions and mushrooms in a mixing bowl. Stir in leftover pot roast and peas and set aside. In a small saucepan, heat 3 tablespoons of butter and add the flour. Cook for a mi <END>
INPUT: dumplings, chicken, onion, carrots, celery, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken and Dumplings | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 pounds chicken pieces (preferably breasts and thighs); 1 medium yellow onion, chopped; 2 carrots, chopped; 3 stalks celery, chopped; 3 cloves garlic, finely chopped; 2 dried bay leaves; 1 teaspoon dried thyme; 4 sprigs fresh parsley, plus more for garnish; 2 teaspoons coarse salt; 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; Dash cayenne pepper; 1 cup all-purpose flour; 2 teaspoons baking powder; 1/2 cup milk | INSTRUCTIONS: Place chicken in a Dutch oven with onion, carrots, celery, garlic, bay leaves, thyme, parsley, 1 1/2 teaspoons salt, black pepper, and cayenne pepper. Add enough cold water to cover. Bring just to a boil over medium-high heat. Reduce the heat to low, cover, and simmer until tender, about 1 hour. Remove chicken, and let rest until cool enough to handle. Skin and bone chicken, leaving the meat in large chunks; set aside. Remove bay leaves from the broth, and discard. Skim as much fat as possible from the surface of the broth. Heat broth to a slow steady boil. In a medium bowl, combine flour, bak <END>
INPUT: wraps, firmly sugar, chili powder
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sweet Chicken Bacon Wraps | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/4 pounds boneless, skinless, chicken breasts (about 4 breasts); 1 (1-pound) package sliced bacon; 2/3 cup firmly packed brown sugar; 2 tablespoons chili powder | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Cut chicken breasts into 1-inch cubes. Cut each bacon slice into thirds. Wrap each chicken cube with bacon and secure with a wooden pick. Stir together brown sugar and chili powder. Dredge wrapped chicken in mixture. Coat a rack and broiler pan with nonstick cooking spray. Place chicken wrap on rack in broiler pan. Bake 350 for 30 to 35 minutes or until bacon is crisp. <END>
INPUT: Italian, salad, beans, sugar, salt, Garlic Basil Dressing, tomatoes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fresh Green Bean Salad with Basil And Tomatoes | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 pounds fresh green beans; 1 tablespoon sugar; 1 tablespoon and 1 teaspoon salt; 1 recipe Garlic-Basil Dressing, recipe follows; 5 firm ripe tomatoes, sliced; 4 sprigs fresh basil, for garnish; 1 clove garlic; 1 shallot; 2 tablespoons water; 1 1/2 teaspoons salt; 1/8 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard; 1 tablespoon sugar; 3/4 cup canola, corn or vegetable oil; 15 fresh basil leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: Leave the pointed tips on the green beans, but snap off the stem tips. Wash. Bring a large pot of water to a boil. Add the sugar and 1 tablespoon salt. Drop in the green beans and cook until crisp-tender, about 6 to 7 minutes. Drain the beans and plunge them into ice water to stop cooking. Drain well and refrigerate. When ready to serve, toss the green beans with 1/3 cup of the dressing in a large mixing bowl. Taste and add more dressing or salt as needed. Pile the beans high in the center of a large white platter. Arrange the tomato slices overlapping around the edge. Sprinkle the tomatoes wi <END>
INPUT: crusted, pork, rice wine vinegar, fish sauce, light sugar, mint leaves, daikon radishes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Panko-Crusted Pork Cutlet with Cucumber-Daikon Relish | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup rice wine vinegar; 1/4 cup fish sauce; 2 tablespoons light brown sugar; 10 mint leaves, chiffonade; 2 daikon radishes, julienned; 2 scallions, thinly sliced on the bias; 1 medium cucumber, small diced; 1 clove garlic, minced; 1 Fresno chile, brunoised; 1/2 cup finely chopped fresh cilantro; 2 cups all-purpose flour; Salt; 2 eggs, whisked together; 1 1/2 cups panko breadcrumbs; 1/2 cup shredded coconut | INSTRUCTIONS: For the dressing: Wisk together the rice wine vinegar, fish sauce and brown sugar in a small bowl and set aside. For the relish: Combine the mint, daikon, scallion, cucumber, garlic, chile and cilantro in a medium bowl. Pour the dressing on top and stir together. Let rest while cooking the pork chops. For the pork chops: Place the flour and some salt in one bowl, eggs in another, and the panko and coconut in another. Dredge the pork chops in the flour, then the egg, and then the panko mixture. Repeat with other pork chop. Heat some olive oil in a medium saute pan over medium-high heat. When ho <END>
INPUT: spumanti, punch, Two bottles unsweetened, tangerine juice concentrate, soda, strained lemon juice, brandy
OUTPUT: TITLE: White Grape, Tangerine, and Asti Spumanti Punch | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Two 24-ounce bottles chilled unsweetened white grape juice; 6-ounce can frozen tangerine juice concentrate, thawed; 1 cup chilled club soda; 1/4 cup strained fresh lemon juice; 1/4 cup brandy; 1 bottle (25.4 ounces) chilled Asti Spumante; Garnish: thin tangerine or orange slices, halved, if desired | INSTRUCTIONS: In a punch bowl, whisk together the grape juice, the tangerine concentrate, the club soda, the lemon juice, and the brandy and chill the mixture, covered, until it is cold. Add the Asti Spumante slowly just before serving and serve the punch in punch glasses, garnished with tangerine slices. In a punch bowl, whisk together the grape juice, the tangerine concentrate, the club soda, the lemon juice, and the brandy and chill the mixture, covered, until it is cold. Add the Asti Spumante slowly just before serving and serve the punch in punch glasses, garnished with tangerine slices. <END>
INPUT: Asian, julienne, celery root, carrots, sesame seeds
OUTPUT: TITLE: Julienne of Sesame Carrots and Celery Root | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons (1/4 stick) butter; 1 pound celery root, peeled, cut into matchstick-size strips; 1 pound carrots, peeled, cut into matchstick-size strips; 1 tablespoon black sesame seeds; 1 tablespoon toasted white sesame seeds; 1 tablespoon oriental sesame oil; 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice; 1/2 teaspoon salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook butter in heavy large deep skillet over medium heat until golden brown, about 2 minutes. Add celery root and carrots; toss to coat with butter. Reduce heat to medium-low and cook until carrots and celery root are crisp-tender, stirring occasionally, about 10 minutes. Add all sesame seeds, sesame oil, lemon juice, and salt; toss to coat. Cook 2 minutes longer to blend flavors. Transfer to bowl. Cook butter in heavy large deep skillet over medium heat until golden brown, about 2 minutes. Add celery root and carrots; toss to coat with butter. Reduce heat to medium-low and cook until carrots  <END>
INPUT: American, sandwiches, ready bake chocolate, hazelnuts, vanilla ice cream, mint, peppermint extract
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate Chip Cookie and Mint Ice Cream Sandwiches | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 16 ready-to-bake chocolate chip cookie dough pieces; 3/4 cup chopped toasted hazelnuts; 1 pint vanilla ice cream, slightly softened; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh mint; 1/4 teaspoon peppermint extract; 6 ounces (1 cup) semisweet or bittersweet chocolate chips | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350°F. Shape dough pieces into balls. Arrange on baking sheet and flatten to 1/2-inch thickness; press nuts onto each. Bake until golden, 12 to 18 minutes, depending on brand of cookie. Cool completely on sheet. Meanwhile, mix ice cream, fresh mint, and extract in small bowl; place in freezer until ready to use. Line baking sheet with foil. Place 1/4 cup ice cream on flat side of 1 cookie. Top with flat side of second cookie. Place on prepared sheet and freeze. Repeat to form 7 more sandwiches. Freeze until ice cream begins to firm, about 10 minutes. Melt chocolate chips in mic <END>
INPUT: milk, egg yolks, sugar, heavy cream, bittersweet chocolate
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate Ice Cream 101 | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups whole milk; 5 large egg yolks; 1/4 cup plus 2 tablespoons sugar; 1 cup heavy cream; 10 ounces bittersweet chocolate, melted | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring milk to a simmer in a medium saucepan. Meanwhile, combine egg yolks and sugar in the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment. Beat at medium-high speed until very thick and pale yellow, 3 to 5 minutes. Add half the milk to egg-yolk mixture and whisk until blended. Stir into remaining milk and cook over low heat, stirring constantly, until mixture is thick enough to coat a spoon. Remove from heat, and immediately stir in cream. Pass mixture through a strainer into a medium bowl set in an ice bath. Whisk in melted chocolate and let chill, then freeze in an ice-cream mak <END>
INPUT: American, biscuits, bacon, flour, sugar, baking powder, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Bacon, Cheddar and Chive Biscuits | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 7 slices bacon; 3 cups flour; 3 tablespoons sugar; 4 teaspoons baking powder; 1 1/2 teaspoons salt; 1 teaspoon baking soda; 3/4 cup (1 1/2 sticks) cold unsalted butter, cut into small pieces or grated; 1 1/2 cups shredded Cheddar cheese; 1/4 cup chopped fresh chives; 1 cup buttermilk | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper. In a heavy-bottomed skillet over medium-high heat, cook the bacon until crisp and brown. Transfer to paper towels and drain. Chop and set aside. Whisk the flour, sugar, baking powder, salt, and baking soda in a large mixing bowl. Using a food processor, pastry cutter, or fingertips incorporate the chilled butter into the dry ingredients until the mixture resembles coarse meal. Add the Cheddar cheese, fresh chives, and cooked bacon. Mix to distribute the ingredients evenly. Add the buttermilk and stir just until moiste <END>
INPUT: deviled, eggs, mayonnaise, paprika, truffle salt, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Truffle Deviled Eggs | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 12 large eggs; 1/3 cup mayonnaise; 1/4 teaspoon ground paprika, plus more for garnish; 1/4 teaspoon truffle salt; Freshly ground pepper; 5 dashes your favorite hot sauce; 1 tablespoon fresh chives, chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: Fill a pot with 8 cups water, add the eggs and bring to a simmer. Cover and simmer over medium heat for 13 minutes. Remove the eggs and soak in cold water for about 30 minutes. Peel the eggs. To make the deviled eggs, split the eggs lengthwise. Remove the yolks and place them in a mixing bowl. Add the mayonnaise, paprika, truffle salt, some pepper and the hot sauce and mix vigorously. Taste. Add a pinch more truffle salt if desired. Place the mixture into a piping bag fitted with a star tip or cut the end of a plastic storage bag and pipe the egg mixture back into the awaiting egg whites. Garn <END>
INPUT: American, casserole, leftover Sauerbraten Gravy, all purpose flour, piece leftover Sauerbraten, leftover Sauerbraten Vegetables, butternut squash chunks
OUTPUT: TITLE: Corn, Squash and Beef Casserole | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups leftover Sauerbraten Gravy, recipe follows; 2 tablespoons all-purpose flour; 1 piece leftover Sauerbraten Brisket, recipe follows, cut into bite-size pieces (about 3 cups); 1 cup leftover Sauerbraten Vegetables, recipe follows, cut into bite-size pieces; 2 cups frozen butternut squash chunks (about 10 ounces); 1/2 teaspoon dried thyme; Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper; 1 (15-ounce) can creamed corn; 2 large eggs; 3/4 cup shredded Cheddar cheese; 1 (4- to -5-pound) flat-cut beef brisket, trimmed of excess fat; Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 2 tablespoons tomato paste; 1 cup dry red wine | INSTRUCTIONS: Position a rack in the upper third of the oven and preheat to 400 degrees F. Whisk the gravy and 1 tablespoon flour in a medium ovenproof skillet; bring to a simmer over medium heat, whisking frequently. Add the brisket, sauerbraten vegetables, squash, thyme, 1/2 teaspoon salt, and pepper to taste. Cook, stirring gently, until the squash is heated through, about 5 minutes. Spread the mixture in an even layer in the skillet. Whisk the corn, eggs, cheese, the remaining 1 tablespoon flour, and pepper to taste in a bowl. Pour over the meat mixture, transfer the skillet to the oven and bake until t <END>
INPUT: spiced, Smucker's® Apricot Preserves, water, tsps. lemon juice, salt, nutmeg
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spiced Sweet Potatoes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cups Smucker's® Apricot Preserves; 1/2 cup water; 2 tsps. lemon juice; 1/2 tsp. salt; 1/2 tsp. ground nutmeg; 1/4 tsp. ground cinnamon; 4 large sweet potatoes, peeled and cut lengthwise into eight wedges | INSTRUCTIONS: HEAT oven to 400 degrees F. Combine preserves and water in heavy saucepan. Bring mixture to a boil over medium high heat; reduce heat and simmer 5 minutes, stirring constantly. Remove mixture from heat and stir in lemon juice, salt, nutmeg and cinnamon. ARRANGE sweet potatoes in a baking pan. Using a pastry brush, baste potatoes thoroughly with sauce, using about half the sauce. Bake about 40 minutes, or until tender, basting with remaining sauce about halfway through cooking time. <END>
INPUT: American, sauce, olive oil, onion, basil, oregano, bay leaf
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spinach and Cheese Stuffed Shells with Spicy Tomato Sauce | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon olive oil; 1 large yellow onion, chopped; 1 teaspoon dried basil, crumbled; 1 teaspoon dried oregano, crumbled; 1 bay leaf; 2 cloves garlic, minced; 1/4 teaspoon red pepper flakes; Black pepper and salt; 1 can (1 pound) low-sodium tomatoes, chopped with their juice; 2 tablespoons low-sodium tomato paste; 16 extra large shells; 1/2 cup grated Parmesan cheese; 1 cup part-skim ricotta cheese; 10-ounce package frozen chopped spinach, thawed and drained; 1/4 teaspoon ground nutmeg | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat the olive oil in a heavy saucepan over moderate heat for 1 minute. Add the onion, basil, oregano, bay leaf, half of garlic, red pepper, and salt and pepper; cook, uncovered, until the onion is soft-about 5 minutes. Remove 2 tablespoons of the mixture from the skillet and set aside.Reduce the heat to low, add the tomatoes and tomato paste, and cook, uncovered, for 20 minutes, stirring occasionally. Set aside. Meanwhile, cook the pasta shells according to package directions, omitting the salt. Rinse with cold water and drain. Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. To prepare the filling, combin <END>
INPUT: cake, buttercream, shortening, lightly dark sugar, granulated sugar, eggs
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cinnamon Spice Cake with Fig Buttercream, White Chocolate Ganache and Buttermilk Caramel | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup (1 stick) unsalted butter, at room temperature, plus more for buttering the pans; 1 cup shortening; 1 cup lightly packed dark brown sugar; 1 cup granulated sugar; 4 large eggs; 1 1/2 cups buttermilk; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; 2 cups all-purpose flour; 1 tablespoon ground cinnamon; 2 teaspoons baking powder; 1 teaspoon baking soda; 1/2 teaspoon nutmeg; 1/2 teaspoon allspice; 1/2 cup (1 stick) unsalted butter, at room temperature; 1 pound confectioners' sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: For the cinnamon spice cake: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line two 9-inch cake pans with parchment paper and lightly butter. In the bowl of a stand mixer, beat the butter, shortening, brown sugar and granulated sugar together until smooth. Beat in the eggs 1 at a time until smooth and light. Stir together the buttermilk and vanilla in a separate small bowl. Sift together the flour, cinnamon, baking powder, baking soda, nutmeg and allspice in a large bowl. Alternately add the flour mixture and buttermilk mixture in thirds to the mixer bowl, blending well after each addition. Pour the batt <END>
INPUT: Mexican, corn cob, pureed chipotle adobe, lemon, butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chipotle Corn on the Cob | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 4 ears corn on the cob, silks removed and soaked for 1 hour; 1 tablespoon pureed chipotle in adobe sauce; 1 lemon, zested and juiced; 6 ounces whole butter, at room temperature | INSTRUCTIONS: Pull husks back on corn. In a small bowl combine the chipotle, lemon zest and juice and butter. Rub half the butter on corn and pull the husk back up. Grill corn for 3 minutes per side. Serve with remaining butter. <END>
INPUT: lady, cake, all purpose flour, sugar, baking powder, fine sea salt, pure vanilla extract
OUTPUT: TITLE: The Apple Lady's Apple Cake | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup all-purpose flour; 1/3 cup sugar; 1 tablespoon baking powder; 1/8 teaspoon fine sea salt; 1/2 teaspoon pure vanilla extract; 2 large eggs, lightly beaten; 2 tablespoons vegetable oil; 1/3 cup whole milk; 4 baking apples (about 2 pounds total), cored, peeled, and cut into thin wedges; 1/3 cup sugar; 1 large egg, lightly beaten; 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: 1 (9-inch) springform pan Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Butter a 9-inch springform pan and set it aside. In a large bowl, combine the flour, sugar, baking powder, and sea salt, and stir to blend. Add the vanilla extract, eggs, oil, and milk, and stir until well blended. Add the apples and stir to thoroughly coat them with the batter. Spoon the mixture into the prepared cake pan. Place the pan in the center of the oven and bake until fairly firm and golden, about 25 minutes. Meanwhile, prepare the topping: In a small bowl, combine the sugar, egg, and melted butter, and s <END>
INPUT: pudding, milk, arborio rice, cinnamon, lemon, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lemon Rice Pudding | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 quart milk; 1/2 cup arborio rice; 1 cinnamon stick; 1 lemon; 1/3 cup sugar; 1/2 cup heavy cream, optional | INSTRUCTIONS: In a saucepan bring milk and cinnamon stick to a simmer. Stir in the rice and bring to a boil. Reduce heat and simmer over very low heat for 30 minutes, stirring occasionally. Using a vegetable peeler, remove the zest in strips from the lemon and finely chop. Remove the cinnamon stick. Add the lemon zest and sugar and continue to simmer for another 45 minutes until thick and creamy. Add the heavy cream to adjust the pudding's consistency, if desired. Serve warm.; <END>
INPUT: england, beef chuck roast, Kosher salt pepper, virgin olive oil, celery, carrots
OUTPUT: TITLE: New England Pot Roast | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: One 3-pound beef chuck roast; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 3 stalks celery, cut into 2-inch chunks; 2 carrots, cut into 2-inch chunks; 2 medium onions, cut into 2-inch chunks; 1/4 cup all-purpose flour; 3 cloves garlic; 3 sprigs fresh thyme; 2 dried bay leaves; 1 sprig fresh rosemary; 1/2 cup dry red wine; 6 cups beef stock; 1 pound red potatoes, cut into 2-inch chunks; 1/4 cup yellow mustard | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Season the roast with salt and pepper. In a large Dutch oven over medium-high heat, add the oil. When the oil is hot, add the roast and sear on all sides until well browned, about 5 minutes. Remove to a plate. Add the celery, carrots and onions and saute until caramelized on the edges, about 5 minutes. Add the flour, garlic, thyme, bay leaves and rosemary. Stir to incorporate the flour into the oil and cook until the flour smells toasty, about 2 minutes. Pour in the wine and bring to a boil. Add the roast back to the pot, along  <END>
INPUT: mixed, pudding, butter, cubed day old, eggs, vanilla extract, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Milk Chocolate and Mixed Nut Bread Pudding | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup butter; 3 cups cubed day old bread, crusts removed; 4 eggs; 1 tablespoon vanilla extract; 1/4 cup sugar; 1 cup heavy cream; 1/2 cup chopped lightly salted cashews and peanuts; 1 milk chocolate bar chopped, reserve 1 tablespoon for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Melt the butter in non-stick saute pan. Add the cubed bread, allowing bread to toast and soak in butter. When the bread is golden brown, remove from the pan and set aside. In a deep bowl, add eggs, vanilla, sugar, and cream and mix well. Add the toasted bread, nuts, and chocolate and combine well. Let the bread stand in the mixture for 1 hour or until bread has soaked all the mixture. Grease the bottom and sides of a 10-inch baking dish. Pour the mixture into the prepared dish and bake for 35 minutes. Serve warm with extra chopped chocolate pieces as garnish. <END>
INPUT: berries, cake flour, salt, baking soda, double acting baking, poppy seeds
OUTPUT: TITLE: Orange Poppy-Seed Cake with Berries and Crème Fraîche | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cups cake flour (not self-rising); 3/4 teaspoon salt; 1 teaspoon baking soda; 1/2 teaspoon double-acting baking powder; 1/4 cup poppy seeds; 1 1/2 sticks (3/4 cup) unsalted butter, softened; 1 1/4 cups sugar; 2 teaspoons freshly grated orange zest; 4 large eggs, separated; 2/3 cup sour cream; 2 teaspoons vanilla; 1/4 teaspoon cream of tartar; 1 cup fresh orange juice; 1/4 cup plus 2 tablespoons Grand Marnier or other orange-flavored liqueur; 3 tablespoons sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: Make the cake: Into a bowl sift together the flour, the salt, the baking soda, and the baking powder and stir in the poppy seeds. In a large bowl with an electric mixer cream the butter with 1 cup of the sugar and the zest until the mixture is light and fluffy. In a small bowl whisk together the yolks, the sour cream, and the vanilla until the mixture is combined well and beat the flour mixture and the yolk mixture into the butter mixture alternately, beginning and ending with the flour mixture and beating well after each addition. In another bowl with cleaned beaters beat the whites with a pi <END>
INPUT: salad, virgin olive oil, lemon juice, shallots, lemon peel, radicchio
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chopped Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 9 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 3 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 2 tablespoons chopped shallots; 1 teaspoon grated lemon peel; 2 cups finely chopped radicchio; 2 cups finely chopped curly endive; 2 cups finely chopped butter lettuce; 1 cup finely chopped arugula; 1/3 cup crumbled blue cheese | INSTRUCTIONS: Whisk first 4 ingredients in medium bowl to blend. Season dressing to taste with salt and pepper. Place remaining ingredients in large bowl. Toss with enough dressing to coat. Season salad with salt and pepper. Whisk first 4 ingredients in medium bowl to blend. Season dressing to taste with salt and pepper. Place remaining ingredients in large bowl. Toss with enough dressing to coat. Season salad with salt and pepper. <END>
INPUT: American, pimento, burgers, Hellmann's® Best Foods®, Kosher salt, pepper, cayenne powder, sharp cheddar cheese
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pimento (Red Pepper) Cheese-Bacon Burgers | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1/3 cup Hellmann's® or Best Foods® Real Mayonnaise; 1/4 tsp. Kosher salt; 1/4 tsp. ground black pepper; 1/4 tsp. cayenne powder; 1/4 lb. extra sharp white cheddar cheese, coarsely grated; 1/4 lb. extra sharp yellow cheddar cheese, coarsely grated; 1/3 cup drained and finely chopped roasted red peppers or piquillo; 1-1/2 lbs. lean ground beef; 4 hamburger buns; 8 thick slices double smoked bacon, crisp-cooked | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. Combine Hellmann's® or Best Foods® Real Mayonnaise, salt, pepper and cayenne in large bowl with fork. Stir in cheese and roasted peppers. Cover and refrigerate at least 30 minutes. 2. Meanwhile, shape ground beef into 4 patties. Season, if desired, with salt and black pepper; set aside. 3. Grill or pan fry burgers, turning once, 8 minutes or until desired doneness. During last 30 seconds of cooking, evenly top each burger with cheese mixture, then cook covered until cheese melts slightly. Arrange burgers on buns, then evenly top with bacon. <END>
INPUT: cherry, cherries, tawny ruby port, butter, celery
OUTPUT: TITLE: Wild Rice, Dried Cherry, and Almond Stuffing | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup dried cherries (about 4 ounces); 2/3 cup tawny or ruby port; 2 cups (11 ounces) wild rice, rinsed; 2 tablespoons butter (plus 3 tablespoons butter if making ahead); 3 medium celery ribs, finely chopped, plus 1/3 cup finely chopped celery leaves; 1/2 cup minced shallots; 1 cup (4 ounces) toasted slivered almonds; 4 teaspoons chopped fresh sage or 2 teaspoons dried; 3/4 teaspoon salt; 1/2 teaspoon freshly milled black pepper; 1/4 cup homemade turkey stock or reduced-sodium chicken broth | INSTRUCTIONS: In a small bowl, mix the dried cherries and port and let stand while preparing the stuffing. Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil over high heat. Add the wild rice and reduce the heat to medium. Cook until the wild rice is tender and most of the grains have burst, 45 to 60 minutes. Drain well and rinse under cold running water. Place the rice in a large bowl. In a large skillet, melt the butter over medium heat. Add the chopped celery and cook until crisp-tender, about 5 minutes. Add the shallots and celery leaves and cook until softened, about 2 minutes. Add the cherries and th <END>
INPUT: Mexican, fries, mojo, yucca, chicken stock, cider vinegar, garlic, vegetable oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Yucca Fries with Mojo Mayo | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2 yucca, peeled and cut into wedges, 1/4-inch wide by 3 inches long; 4 cups chicken stock; 1/3 cup cider vinegar; 2 cloves garlic, smashed; 6 cups vegetable oil; Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper; 1/2 cup mayonnaise; 1/4 cup chopped fresh cilantro, plus more for garnish; 2 cloves roasted garlic; 2 tablespoons fresh lime juice; 1 tablespoon agave nectar; 1/4 teaspoon Sriracha (an Asian chili sauce) | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. Combine the yucca, chicken stock, vinegar, smashed garlic, and 2 cups water in a medium saucepan. Bring to a boil, reduce the heat, and simmer, 9 to 10 minutes. Drain and let dry on a baking sheet. 2. Combine the mayonnaise, 1/4 cup cilantro, roasted garlic, lime juice, agave, and Sriracha in a small bowl. 3. Heat the vegetable oil in a large heavy-bottomed pot to 350 degrees F. In batches, fry the yucca for about 3 minutes, turning after each minute, until the fries are lightly golden. Drain on a paper towel-lined baking sheet; sprinkle with salt and garnish with cilantro while warm. Serve <END>
INPUT: Mexican, gimlet, salsa, jicama, English cucumber, onion, Fresno pepper, gin
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cucumber Jicama Gimlet Salsa | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 jicama, peeled and cut into 1-inch chunks (about 1 pound); 1 English cucumber, cut into 1/4-inch dice (about 12 ounces); 1 medium red onion, finely diced (about 2/3 cup); 1 Fresno pepper, finely diced; 1/4 cup gin; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1 teaspoon sugar; Juice and zest of 2 limes; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; Tortilla chips for serving | INSTRUCTIONS: Place the jicama in a food processor and pulse until finely chopped. Remove to a medium bowl. Stir in the cucumber, onion, pepper, gin, oil, sugar, lime juice and zest. Season with salt and pepper. Refrigerate until chilled, at least 1 hour or overnight. Serve with tortilla chips. Copyright 2013 Television Food Network, G.P. All rights reserved From Food Network Kitchens <END>
INPUT: birthday, chocolate wafer cookies, vanilla ice cream, raspberry sorbet
OUTPUT: TITLE: Ice Cream Birthday Cake | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Nonstick cooking spray, for greasing; One 9-ounce package chocolate wafer cookies; 1 stick (8 tablespoons) unsalted butter, melted; 8 cups vanilla ice cream, softened; 6 cups raspberry sorbet, softened; One 11.5-ounce frozen pound cake, thawed, sliced 1/2-inch thick; 1 cup hot fudge sauce; 2 cups heavy cream; 2 tablespoons powdered sugar; 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract; Cocoa powder, for garnish; Fresh raspberries, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: One 9-inch springform pan Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Spray the springform pan with cooking spray, line with a circle of parchment, and spray the parchment. Place the chocolate wafer cookies in the bowl of a food processor. Pulse until it makes fine crumbs. Add the melted butter and pulse to combine. Press the mixture into the bottom and halfway up the sides of the prepared springform pan. Bake until toasted and crisp, 15 minutes. Cool completely. Scoop alternating scoops of half of the ice cream and half of the sorbet into the crust using an ice-cream scoop. Smooth t <END>
INPUT: Italian, herb, sauce, plum tomatoes, flat leaf parsley, mint leaves, basil leaves, capers
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fettuccine with Spicy Raw Tomato, Herb, and Caper Sauce | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound plum tomatoes, seeded and coarsely chopped; 1/2 cup packed fresh flat-leaf parsley; 1/2 cup packed fresh mint leaves; 1/2 cup packed fresh basil leaves; 1/4 cup drained capers; 3 cloves garlic, crushed; 1/2 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, or to taste; Pinch sugar, or more to taste; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 6 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1 pound egg-free fettuccine; 1/2 cup coarsely chopped walnuts, toasted; Freshly chopped parsley (optional) | INSTRUCTIONS: Reserve about one-third of the chopped tomatoes. Combine the remaining tomatoes, parsley, mint, basil, capers, garlic, red pepper flakes, sugar, salt, and black pepper in a food processor fitted with the metal blade; process until a smooth paste is formed. With the motor running, add the oil in a thin, steady stream. Transfer the mixture to a large serving bowl. Meanwhile, cook the fettuccine in boiling salted water according to package directions until al dente. Drain well and add to the bowl with the tomato mixture. Add the reserved tomatoes and toss like a salad until well combined. Serve i <END>
INPUT: goddess, bowl, shrimp, cream cheese, dill, tarragon, parsley
OUTPUT: TITLE: Green Goddess Shrimp Dip in a Sourdough Bowl | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound cooked shrimp, tails removed; 1 8-ounce package cream cheese; 1/4 cup fresh dill, plus more for topping; 1/4 cup fresh tarragon; 1/4 cup fresh parsley; 3 scallions (white and light green parts), roughly chopped; 1/3 cup mayonnaise; 1/4 cup sour cream; Grated zest and juice of 1 lemon; Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper; Hot sauce; 1 round or oval loaf sourdough bread (about 8 inches); Extra-virgin olive oil, for drizzling; Crackers and/or crudites, for serving | INSTRUCTIONS: Pulse the shrimp in a food processor until finely chopped but not pureed. Transfer to a large bowl. Add the cream cheese, dill, tarragon, parsley, scallions, mayonnaise and sour cream to the food processor and process until smooth. Add the cream cheese mixture to the shrimp along with the lemon zest and juice; mix well. Season with ½ teaspoon salt, a few grinds of pepper, and hot sauce to taste. Cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate at least 30 minutes and up to 4 hours. Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Using a small serrated knife, hollow out the bread loaf, leaving a 1/2-inch-thick shell <END>
INPUT: rice vinegar, sugar, salt, water, seedless cucumber
OUTPUT: TITLE: Scallops Poached in Chamomile Tea | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 9 tablespoons rice vinegar; 5 tablespoons sugar; 1 tablespoons salt; 3 tablespoons water; 1 seedless cucumber; 1 quart water; 1 ounce chamomile tea, loose; 1 pound fresh scallops; Salt and fresh ground pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: In a nonreactive pot over a medium heat stir the rice vinegar, sugar and salt and water until the sugar and salt are dissolved and the liquid is clear. Cool the liquid. Slice the cucumber very finely and toss with the shari(pickling liquid) let sit for 5 minutes. Bring one quart of water to a boil. Add the chamomile tea and let steep for 5 minutes then strain the tea. Salt the tea and keep it simmering. Add the scallops to the salted chamomile tea and let poach until barely cooked. Remove the scallops from the tea and serve over the pickled. cucumbers <END>
INPUT: navy cannellini beans, onions, Parmesan rind, Parmesan, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Baked Beans with Slab Bacon and Breadcrumbs | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups dried navy or cannellini beans, soaked overnight; 2 medium onions, 1 halved, 1 thinly sliced; 1 Parmesan rind (optional), plus; 1/2 cup finely grated Parmesan; 1 head garlic, halved crosswise, plus 4 cloves, finely chopped, divided; 2 bay leaves; 2 teaspoons kosher salt, plus more; 8 ounce slab bacon, cut into 2x1/4" pieces; 1 large shallot, thinly sliced; 4 sprigs thyme plus 1 tablespoon leaves; Freshly ground black pepper; 1/4 cup dry white wine; 1 1/2 cups coarsely torn fresh breadcrumbs; 2 tablespoons olive oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Drain beans and place in a large heavy pot along with halved onion, Parmesan rind (if using), halved head of garlic, bay leaves, and 2 teaspoons salt. Add water to cover by 2". Bring to a boil, reduce heat, and simmer until beans are tender, 1–1 1/2 hours. Meanwhile, cook bacon in a large skillet over medium heat, turning occasionally, until brown and most of fat has rendered, 8–10 minutes. Transfer to a plate with tongs or a slotted spoon. Add thinly sliced onion, shallot, thyme sprigs, and three-fourths of chopped garlic to pan drippings in skillet; season with salt and pepper. Cook, stirrin <END>
INPUT: American, casserole, unsalted butter, corn, Kosher salt, scallions, leftover Slow Cooker
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chili-Corn Casserole | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 4 ears corn, kernels cut off; Kosher salt; 6 scallions, chopped; 3 to 4 cups leftover Slow-Cooker Texas Chili, recipe follows; 1 1/2 cups shredded pepper jack or Monterey jack cheese (about 6 ounces); 1 (18-ounce) tube precooked polenta, cut into 12 rounds; 2 1/2 pounds beef chuck, cut into 2-inch cubes; 2 tablespoons packed light brown sugar; Kosher salt; 2 tablespoons vegetable oil; 1 small onion, finely chopped; 5 cloves garlic, smashed; Two (4.5-ounce) cans chopped green chiles, drained; 1 tablespoon ground cumin | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F. Melt the butter in a skillet over medium-high heat. Add the corn and 1/2 teaspoon salt and cook until tender, 5 to 6 minutes. Add the scallions and cook until soft, about 1 minute. Spread the chili in an 8-inch-square baking dish. Top with half of the cheese followed by half of the corn mixture. Lay the polenta rounds on top, then sprinkle with the remaining corn and cheese. Bake until the casserole is heated through and the top is golden, about 20 minutes. Let stand 5 to 10 minutes before serving. Toss the beef with 1 tablespoon each brown sugar and salt in  <END>
INPUT: American, low salt chicken, pepper, Two packages refrigerated, Italian parsley leaves, Parmesan Crisps
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cheese Tortellini in Light Broth | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 8 cups low-salt chicken broth; Freshly ground black pepper; Two 9-ounce packages refrigerated cheese tortellini; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh Italian parsley leaves; Parmesan Crisps, recipe follows; 1/2 cup grated Parmesan | INSTRUCTIONS: Pour the broth into a heavy large saucepan. Cover and bring to a boil over high heat. Season the broth with pepper, to taste. Add the tortellini. Simmer over medium heat until al dente, about 7 minutes. Ladle the broth and tortellini into soup bowls. Top with parsley and Parmesan Crisps and serve. Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. Pour a heaping tablespoon of Parmesan onto a silicone or parchment lined baking sheet and lightly pat down. A silicone baking sheet is highly recommended. Repeat with the remaining cheese, spacing the spoonfuls about a 1/2 inch apart. Bake for 3 to 5 minutes or until go <END>
INPUT: doublers, Maryland soft shell, Maryland crabmeat, bread crumbs, light mayonnaise, seafood seasoning
OUTPUT: TITLE: Crab Doublers | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 12 Maryland soft-shell crabs, cleaned; 1 pound Maryland blue crabmeat; 1/2 cup bread crumbs, plus 2 cups crab-boil-seasoned bread crumbs; 4 tablespoons light mayonnaise; 2 teaspoons seafood seasoning; 2 teaspoons finely chopped cilantro; 1 teaspoon prepared mustard; 1 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce; 1 teaspoon cider vinegar; 1 large egg, beaten, plus 1 large egg, beaten with a splash of water; Vegetable oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Clean soft-shell crabs, rinse, pat dry and refrigerate. Carefully remove cartilage from crabmeat. Toss the crabmeat gently with bread crumbs. In a separate bowl, mix together mayonnaise, seafood seasoning, cilantro, mustard, Worcestershire sauce, vinegar, and egg. Gently fold the mayonnaise mixture into the crabmeat. Spoon crab filling into the cavity of the soft-shell crabs, under the shell tips. Dip or brush crab in beaten egg, dredge in seasoned bread crumbs. Heat oil in large saute pan. When the oil is hot, pan-fry the crabs until golden brown on top and bottom. Garnish and serve. <END>
INPUT: American, casserole, uncooked wild rice, low sodium chicken, broccoli, button cremini mushrooms
OUTPUT: TITLE: Broccoli Wild Rice Casserole | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups uncooked wild rice; 8 cups low-sodium chicken broth or stock, plus more if needed for thinning; 3 heads broccoli, cut into small florets; 8 tablespoons (1 stick) butter; 1 pound white button or cremini mushrooms, finely chopped; 1 medium onion, finely diced; 2 carrots, peeled and finely diced; 2 stalks celery, finely diced; 1/4 cup all-purpose flour; 1/2 cup heavy cream; 1 teaspoon salt, or more to taste; 1 teaspoon black pepper, or more to taste; 1 cup panko breadcrumbs; 2 tablespoons minced fresh parsley | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Add the wild rice to a medium saucepan with 5 cups of the chicken broth. Bring to a boil over medium-high heat, then reduce the heat to low and cover the pan. Cook until the rice has just started to break open and is slightly tender, 35 to 40 minutes. Set aside. Meanwhile, bring a pot of water to a boil and prepare an ice water bath. Blanch the broccoli by throwing the florets into the boiling water until bright green and still slightly crisp, 1 1/2 to 2 minutes. Immediately drain the broccoli and plunge it into the bowl of ice water to stop the cooking process.  <END>
INPUT: Mexican, cornbread, waffles, buttermilk, eggs, honey, all purpose flour, cornmeal
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cornbread Waffles with Ranch-Style Eggs and Cilantro Crema | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 3/4 cups buttermilk; 2 large eggs; 2 tablespoons honey; 1 1/2 cups all-purpose flour; 1 cup yellow cornmeal; 2 teaspoons baking powder; 1 teaspoon baking soda; 1 teaspoon ground cumin; 1 teaspoon fine sea salt; Pinch of cayenne; 5 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted and slightly cooled; Nonstick pan spray; 3 cloves garlic, roughly chopped; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 tablespoons canola oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: a small food processor Make the waffle batter: Whisk together the buttermilk, eggs and honey in a small bowl. Whisk together the flour, cornmeal, baking powder, baking soda, cumin, fine sea salt and cayenne in a large bowl. Make a well in the center of the dry ingredients, add the wet ingredients and gently whisk together until just combined (do not over mix). Fold in the butter, cover the bowl with plastic wrap and refrigerate the batter for 30 minutes. While the waffle batter rests, make the red chile sauce: Put the garlic on a cutting board, sprinkle with kosher salt, and <END>
INPUT: saucy, salt, ketchup, mayonnaise, mustard
OUTPUT: TITLE: Saucy Catfish | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 pounds (4 fillets) catfish; 2 teaspoons salt; 1/2 cup ketchup; 1/2 cup mayonnaise; 1 tablespoon yellow mustard; 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce; 1/4 cup brown sugar; 2 teaspoons apple cider vinegar; 1/2 cup unsalted butter, room temperature; 1/2 cup chopped sweet onion; 1 lemon, sliced | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the oven to 300 degrees F. Line a 9 by 13 by 2-inch casserole dish with aluminum foil. Sprinkle the bass with salt and arrange the fillets in the casserole dish. Make the basting sauce by mixing the ketchup, mayonnaise, mustard, Worcestershire sauce, brown sugar, vinegar, butter, and onion. Pour the sauce over the catfish and bake until the fish flakes easily with a fork, about 20 to 25 minutes. Baste the fish, with the sauce in the pan, every 10 minutes as it bakes. Remove the fish from the oven and using pancake turners, carefully transfer the fish to a <END>
INPUT: Asian, fermented beans, Shaohsing rice wine, light soy sauce, garlic, Fresno chile
OUTPUT: TITLE: Wild Mushroom and Bok Choy in Black Bean Sauce | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon fermented black beans, rinsed; 1 tablespoon Shaohsing rice wine or dry sherry; 1 tablespoon light soy sauce; 2 cloves garlic, crushed; 1 Fresno chile, seeded and finely chopped; 2 baby bok choy, washed and sliced in half, leaves and stems separated; 1 tablespoon vegetable oil; 8 ounces assorted wild mushrooms (not shiitakes), sliced; 4 ounces shiitake mushrooms, sliced; 1 cup hot chicken or vegetable stock; 1 tablespoon light soy sauce; 1 tablespoon cornstarch blended with 2 tablespoons cold water; 2 scallions, thinly sliced on the angle, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: For the black bean sauce: Put the black beans, rice wine, soy sauce, garlic and chile in a food processor and blitz briefly; be careful not to puree into a smooth sauce. For the stir-fry: Slice the bok choy stems. Heat a wok over high heat and add the vegetable oil. When the oil begins to smoke, add the bok choy stems and mushrooms. Stir-fry for 1 minute, then add the leaves of the bok choy. Stir-fry for 1 minute more. Add the black bean sauce and gently stir to coat all of the ingredients. Add the hot stock and bring to a boil. Season with the soy sauce and stir in the cornstarch and water mi <END>
INPUT: soup, Champagne, peaches, salt, mint, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Champagne Peach and Mint Soup | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 bottle dry Champagne; 6 large fresh peaches, peeled and sliced; 1/8 teaspoon salt; 4 large sprigs fresh mint, left intact but well washed and dried in a salad spinner or with paper toweling; White pepper; 2 tablespoons creme fraiche; 12 small sprigs fresh mint, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine Champagne, peaches, salt, large sprigs of mint, and white pepper in a large saucepan or deep pot. Cook for 20 minutes over medium heat to infuse flavors. Remove from heat and remove large mint sprigs. Adjust salt and white pepper, if needed. Blend with an immersion blender and chill. Serve in demitasse cups garnished with 1/2 teaspoon creme fraiche and small mint sprigs. <END>
INPUT: Indian, poppy, seed, sugar, all purpose flour, cardamom, cinnamon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Poppy Seed Tea Cake with Cardamom Streusel | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 6 tablespoons sugar; 6 tablespoons all purpose flour; 1/4 cup (1/2 stick) unsalted butter, melted; 3/4 teaspoon ground cardamom; 1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 2 1/3 cups cake flour; 1 1/2 teaspoons baking powder; 1 teaspoon baking soda; 3/4 teaspoon ground cardamom; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 11 tablespoons unsalted butter, room temperature; 1 cup plus 2 tablespoons sugar; 2 large eggs; 1 cup sour cream; 1/4 cup orange juice | INSTRUCTIONS: For streusel: Mix all ingredients in small bowl until moist clumps form. For cake: Preheat oven to 350°F. Butter and flour 12-cup angel food cake pan with removable bottom. Sift first 5 ingredients twice into medium bowl. Using electric mixer, beat butter and sugar in large bowl until well blended. Beat in eggs 1 at a time. Mix in sour cream, juice, peel and vanilla. Beat in dry ingredients to blend. Mix in poppy seeds. Transfer batter to prepared pan (batter will fill less than half of pan). Bake cake 25 minutes. Sprinkle streusel over top of cake. Continue to bake until tester inserted near  <END>
INPUT: American, rossini, Buffalo tenderloin, Idaho potatoes, truffle, heavy cream, unsalted butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Buffalo Rossini | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 whole Buffalo tenderloin; 3 Idaho potatoes, peeled and large diced; 1/2 black truffle, minced; 1/4 cup heavy cream; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; Salt and pepper; 1 tablespoon truffle oil; 3 red onions, quartered lengthwise, cored, and fine julienned; 1 tablespoon oil; 1/4 cup red wine vinegar; 1 tablespoon sugar; 1/2 cup red wine; 2 sprigs thyme; 2 cups red wine; 1 sprig rosemary | INSTRUCTIONS: Trim tenderloin of all fat and sinew. Portion into 6-ounce fillets and tie to keep shape. Set aside. Potato Puree: Bring the potatoes to a boil in salted water and then reduce to a simmer. Steep the minced black truffles in heavy cream. When the potatoes have fully cooked, drain in colander until dry, but still warm. Push the potatoes in a fine drum sieve or rice into a bowl. Whisk in heavy cream and butter. Finally, add truffle oil and season, to taste. Red Onion Confit: Sweat the onions in oil in a small rondeau until wilted and tender. Add vinegar and cook until dry. Add sugar, wine, and th <END>
INPUT: spritz, prosecco, Aperol, tonic, Orange
OUTPUT: TITLE: Aperol Spritz | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 parts prosecco, well chilled; 2 parts Aperol; Splash of tonic; Orange slices, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Add the prosecco to a glass filled with ice. Top with the Aperol and just a splash of tonic. Add a half-moon slice of orange to each glass, and serve with a fun straw. <END>
INPUT: soup, Turkish bay leaves, parsnips, onions
OUTPUT: TITLE: Parsnip Soup with Corned Beef and Cabbage | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 (1/8-inch-thick) slices cooked corned beef (4 ounces), fat trimmed, chopped (3 tablespoons reserved, divided); 2 Turkish bay leaves; 2 large parsnips (about 13 ounces), peeled, coarsely chopped; 2 cups chopped onions; 3 cups (or more) low-salt chicken broth; 3 large savoy cabbage leaves, center ribs removed; 1/4 cup heavy whipping cream | INSTRUCTIONS: Sauté 2 tablespoons corned beef fat and bay leaves in large saucepan over medium-high heat until fat renders, about 2 minutes. Stir in parsnips and onions. Add 3 cups broth. Cover; simmer until parsnips are tender, about 10 minutes. Meanwhile, cut cabbage and corned beef slices crosswise into very thin strips. Melt 1 tablespoon fat in medium skillet over medium-high heat. Add cabbage and corned beef. Sprinkle with salt and pepper. Toss until cabbage wilts, about 3 minutes. Working in batches, puree soup with bay leaves and cream in blender until smooth. Return to same pan. Rewarm soup, thinnin <END>
INPUT: American, crust, cheesecake, gingersnap crumbs, unsalted butter, low fat milk, sugar, cornstarch
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pumpkin Cream Pie with Gingersnap Crust and Rum Cheesecake Topping | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 3 1/2 cups gingersnap crumbs (see Cook's Note); 5 to 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted; 2 cups low-fat milk; 3/4 cup brown sugar; 1/4 cup cornstarch; 2 large eggs; 1 cup pumpkin puree; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 10 ounces cream cheese, at room temperature; 1/3 cup granulated sugar; 1 tablespoon heavy whipping cream; 1 teaspoon rum extract; 1 large egg; Pinch of ground nutmeg; Pinch of ground cloves | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Special equipment: A 9-inch pie plate (preferably deep-dish) and pastry bag For the gingersnap cookie crust: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Place the gingersnap crumbs in a large bowl and drizzle half of the melted butter all over. Using your hand or a silicone spatula, mix thoroughly. Add more butter a little at a time until you can make a fist with the crumbs that retains its shape but is easily broken (not too dry, and not too wet). Press the crumbs tightly into a 9-inch pie plate. A deep pie plate is much more suited to this task. Bake until the crust fee <END>
INPUT: Italian, Parmesan, lump crabmeat, salt, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Baked Oysters with Crab | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 (8-ounce) package cream cheese, softened; 1 cup grated Parmesan; 1 pound lump crabmeat, picked clean of shells; 1 teaspoon salt; 1 teaspoon pepper; 1 teaspoon garlic powder; 1 minced shallot; 1 cup cooked chopped bacon; 1/4 cup freshly chopped basil leaves; 12 to 16 oysters on the half shell | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Combine the cream cheese, Parmesan, crabmeat, salt, pepper, garlic powder, shallot, bacon, and basil. Place the oysters on a baking sheet and spoon the mixture onto the oysters in the half shell, putting a generous rounded mound of topping on each. Bake for 7 to 10 minutes until the topping is bubbly and browned. Serve immediately. <END>
INPUT: American, extra, crunchy, Kosher salt, elbow macaroni, half half, cream cheese, sharp Cheddar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Extra-Crunchy Sheet-Pan Mac and Cheese | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: Kosher salt; 1 pound elbow macaroni; 2 cups half-and-half; 8 ounces cream cheese, at room temperature; 2 cups shredded sharp Cheddar; 2 cups shredded Monterey Jack cheese; 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard; 1 teaspoon hot sauce, or more to taste; 2 cups panko breadcrumbs; 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: an 18-by-13-inch sheet pan Position a rack in the upper third of the oven and preheat to 450 degrees F. Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add the macaroni, and cook according to package directions until al dente. Drain the macaroni, reserving 1 1/2 cups of the pasta water. Set aside. Heat the half-and-half, cream cheese, and reserved pasta water in a large pot over medium heat, stirring until the cream cheese is completely melted and the mixture just comes to a simmer. Remove from heat and add the cheddar, Monterey jack, Dijon mustard, and hot sauce, whisking unti <END>
INPUT: champignons, paris, butter, bread crumbs, parsley, garlic, almonds
OUTPUT: TITLE: Champignons de Paris Stuffed with Escargot, Garlic, Parsley, and Almonds | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 8 tablespoons butter, softened; 3 tablespoons bread crumbs; 1/2 cup chopped parsley; 2 tablespoons chopped garlic; 1 tablespoon chopped toasted almonds; 1 tablespoon diced ham; 1 tablespoon chopped white mushrooms; Salt and pepper; 20 large white mushrooms, stems and caps separated; 20 cooked escargot | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. In a small bowl, combine the butter, bread crumbs, parsley, garlic, almonds, ham, and chopped white mushrooms together. Add salt and pepper, and mix until all ingredients are combined together. Using a cookie sheet, place the mushroom caps on sheet, add a snail in the center of each mushroom, and cover with the butter mixture. Place the baking sheet in oven and bake for 20 minutes. <END>
INPUT: Indian, sauce, peanut oil, mustard seeds, cumin seeds, pureed garlic, ginger
OUTPUT: TITLE: Yogurt Sauce | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons peanut oil; 2 teaspoons black or yellow mustard seeds; 2 teaspoons cumin seeds; 2 teaspoons pureed garlic; 1 teaspoon freshly grated ginger; 1/2 teaspoon turmeric; 1/2 teaspoon paprika; 1/8 teaspoon dried red pepper flakes; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1 pint plain yogurt | INSTRUCTIONS: Have ingredients measured and nearby before beginning. Heat oil in a small skillet over high heat. Add mustard seeds. (They will begin popping immediately so have a cover close at hand for escaping seeds.) Cook until popping stops. Lower heat, add cumin seeds, and cook until they turn golden, about 1 minute. Stir in garlic for 10 seconds, then ginger for 10 seconds more, and remove from heat. Stir in turmeric, paprika, pepper flakes, and salt. Mix spices and yogurt in a bowl. Chill before serving. <END>
INPUT: American, streusel, all purpose flour, light sugar, cinnamon, unsalted butter, refrigerated deep dish
OUTPUT: TITLE: Apple and Pear Streusel Pie | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup all-purpose flour; 1/4 cup light brown sugar; 1/4 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 4 tablespoons cold unsalted butter, cut into pieces; 1 refrigerated or frozen 9-inch deep-dish pie crust (see above); 3 Granny Smith or other tart apples, peeled, cored, and sliced 1/4-inch thick; 3 firm but ripe pears, peeled, cored, and sliced 1/4-inch thick; 1/2 cup light brown sugar; 1 1/2 tablespoons cornstarch; 1/4 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1 tablespoon cold butter, cut into small pieces | INSTRUCTIONS: Make the topping: In a medium bowl, mix the flour, brown sugar, and cinnamon. Add the butter and, using your fingertips, pinch the ingredients together into a sandy, crumbly mixture. Do not over mix; as soon as the mixture is sandy, cover and refrigerate until ready to use. Heat the oven to 375 degrees F. If using a refrigerated crust, use it to line a glass pie dish. If using a frozen crust, let thaw at room temperature and gently remove the crust from the aluminum liner. Transfer to a glass pie dish. In a medium bowl, toss the apples, pears, sugar, cornstarch, cinnamon, and butter together.  <END>
INPUT: American, souffle, unsalted butter, Parmesan, bread crumbs, Jarslberg, cheddar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cheese Souffle | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, room temperature; 4 teaspoons grated Parmesan; 4 teaspoons dry bread crumbs; 4 ounces Jarslberg; 2 ounces cheddar; 3 ounces Saga blue cheese; 3 ounces Brie; 1/4 cup all-purpose flour; 3 teaspoons Dijon mustard; 3/4 cup plus 2 tablespoons whole milk; 1 teaspoon salt; 1/2 teaspoons white pepper; 1/4 teaspoon cayenne pepper; 6 large yolks; 12 large whites | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat oven to 425 degrees F. Place rack in the center of the oven. Generously butter bottom and sides of a 2-quart souffle dish with 1 1/2 tablespoons butter; set aside. In a small bowl, mix together Parmesan and bread crumbs. Sprinkle the bottom and sides of the prepared dish completely with bread crumb mixture. Grate the Jarlsberg and cheddar cheeses into a small bowl. Cut the Saga blue and Brie into small chunks. Combine and set aside. Melt the remaining 2 1/2 tablespoons of butter in a large saucepan over low heat. Whisk in the flour and mustard and cook, whisking constantly, for 3 to 5 min <END>
INPUT: gratin, unsalted butter, asparagus spears, lemon thyme, crème fraîche, Dijon mustard
OUTPUT: TITLE: Gratin of White Asparagus | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 1/2 tbsp unsalted butter, melted; 15 white asparagus spears; small bunch of lemon thyme, leaves only; generous 3/4 cup crème fraîche; 1 tbsp Dijon mustard; sea salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 cup fresh white bread crumbs; 3 1/2 ounces Parmesan, freshly grated; 2 tbsp minced curly parsley | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 450°F (convection oven to 425°F). Brush a copper or ceramic gratin dish with a little of the melted butter. Trim the asparagus: you will find that white asparagus needs to be trimmed much higher—roughly halfway up the stalks, as a rule of thumb. Slice the spears in half lengthwise and lay them in the buttered gratin dish. Sprinkle with most of the lemon thyme leaves, saving a few for garnish. Now put the crème fraîche and mustard into a heavy pan and place over medium heat. Stir to combine and bring to a simmer, then turn down the heat slightly and let bubble to reduce by a <END>
INPUT: Asian, toasts, lemon juice, Vegetable oil, egg, piece ginger, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sesame Shrimp Toasts | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons lemon juice; Vegetable oil, for frying; 1 large egg white; 1-inch piece ginger, roughly chopped; 1 small clove garlic, roughly chopped; 3 tablespoons soy sauce; 1 tablespoon plus 1 teaspoon toasted sesame oil; 1 tablespoon dry sherry; Kosher salt; 1 1/2 teaspoons light brown sugar; Freshly ground black pepper; 3/4 pound peeled and deveined large shrimp, tails removed; 3 scallions, thinly sliced; 1 small inner stalk celery, very finely chopped; 6 whole water chestnuts, very finely chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: Make the shrimp paste: Process the egg white, ginger, garlic, 1 tablespoon of the soy sauce, 1 tablespoon of the sesame oil, the sherry, 3/4 teaspoon salt, 1/2 teaspoon of the brown sugar and several grinds of pepper in a food processor until all the ginger and garlic are pureed. Add the shrimp, and pulse until a thick paste forms. Transfer to a medium bowl, and fold in 2/3 of the scallions, the celery, water chestnuts and sesame seeds. (The shrimp paste can be refrigerated for up to 1 day.) Trim the crusts from the bread, and evenly divide the shrimp paste among the slices (about 2 heaping ta <END>
INPUT: sauerkraut, fennel bulb, olive oil, Vidalia onion, Granny Smith apples, lemon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Smoked Sausage with Apple Fennel "Sauerkraut" | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 large fennel bulb; 1 tablespoon olive oil; 1 large Vidalia onion, chopped; 5 Granny Smith apples, grated; 1/2 lemon, juiced; 1 1/2 tablespoons butter; 1 teaspoon caraway seeds; 1/2 cup hard cider or apple juice; Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper; 8 smoked sausages; 2 tablespoons butter, melted; 8 poppy-seed hot dog buns or French rolls; Spicy brown or Dijon mustard | INSTRUCTIONS: Clean and cut the fennel in long strips (julienne) and trim tops, reserving for later use. Heat oil in heavy-bottomed saucepan over medium heat, add onion and kosher salt. Cook until onion begins to brown, add strips of fennel, stir, and let cook covered for about 5 minutes or until fennel begins to wilt, reduce heat to medium-low. Meanwhile, mix grated apple with lemon juice and add to pan, cover and cook, stirring occasionally for 15 minutes. Add butter, mixing well. Add caraway seeds, reserved fennel tops and hard cider or apple juice. Cook for an additional 5 minutes, uncovered. Season, to <END>
INPUT: bread, butter, all purpose flour, shelled unsalted pistachios, poppy seeds, baking powder
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pistachio Poppy Bread | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons butter, room temperature, plus extra for loaf pan; 2 cups all-purpose flour, plus more for loaf pan; 1 3/4 cups whole shelled unsalted pistachios; 1/4 cup poppy seeds; 2 teaspoons baking powder; 1/2 teaspoon salt, plus pinch sea salt; 1/2 cup sugar; 1 egg; 3/4 cup whole milk; 1/2 orange, zested; Creamed honey, for serving | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: stand mixer, 8 1/2 by 4 1/2-inch glass loaf pan Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Butter and lightly flour the loaf pan. In a food processor, add 1 1/2 cups of the pistachios and pulse until finely ground. Remove them to a large bowl and mix in the flour, poppy seeds, baking powder and 1/2 teaspoon of salt. In the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, cream the 3 tablespoons of butter and the sugar on medium speed for 2 minutes. Add the egg and continue to beat until the mixture turns pale yellow and ribbons form. Mix in the milk and the zest until incorp <END>
INPUT: thumbprints, all purpose flour, baking powder, baking soda, cinnamon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pumpkin Thumbprints | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Cooking spray; 1 cup all-purpose flour; 1/2 teaspoon baking powder; 1/2 teaspoon baking soda; 1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon, plus more for dusting; 1/4 teaspoon ground allspice; 1/4 teaspoon plus a pinch of salt; 1/2 cup packed light brown sugar; 1/2 cup pumpkin puree; 1/3 cup vegetable oil; 1 large egg; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; 4 ounces cream cheese, at room temperature; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature; 1/2 cup confectioners' sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: Position racks in the upper and lower thirds of the oven; preheat to 375 degrees F. Line 2 baking sheets with parchment paper; mist with cooking spray. Whisk the flour, baking powder, baking soda, cinnamon, allspice and 1/4 teaspoon salt in a medium bowl. Whisk the brown sugar, pumpkin puree, vegetable oil, egg and 1/2 teaspoon vanilla in a large bowl; add the flour mixture and gently stir with a wooden spoon until just incorporated. Drop tablespoonfuls of dough 2 inches apart on the prepared baking sheets. Bake 6 minutes, then remove from the oven and make an indentation in the center of each <END>
INPUT: bites, Jif® Creamy Peanut, tbsps. Crisco® Butter, tbsps. Crisco® Baking, graham cracker crumbs, powdered sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate Peanut Butter Bites | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup Jif® Creamy Peanut Butter; 4 tbsps. Crisco® Butter Flavor All-Vegetable Shortening, divided; or 4 tbsps. Crisco® Baking Sticks Butter Flavor All-Vegetable Shortening, divided; 3/4 cup graham cracker crumbs; 1/4 cup powdered sugar; 1 cup milk chocolate chips | INSTRUCTIONS: LINE 9-inch pie plate with foil. COMBINE peanut butter, 2 tablespoons shortening, graham cracker crumbs and powdered sugar. Mix well. Mixture will be stiff. MELT chocolate chips and 2 tablespoons shortening in small saucepan over very low heat, stirring constantly or microwave in microwave-safe bowl for 30 seconds. Stir and repeat until smooth. Pour half the melted chocolate mixture into prepared pie plate. Spread chocolate about 1/2-inch up sides. Place in freezer for 10 minutes or until set. REMOVE from freezer. Spread peanut butter mixture over chilled chocolate layer. Pour remaining melted <END>
INPUT: flambe, vodka, Salt, olive oil, onion, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lobster Flambe | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup vodka; Salt; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1 cup chopped onion; 2 tablespoons minced garlic; Freshly ground black pepper; 2 (1 1/2-pound) lobsters, cooked, meat removed from the shell, and cut into 1 1/2-inch pieces | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat a large saute pan over medium-high heat. When the pan is hot, add the olive oil. Add the onions and saute until translucent, about 4 minutes. Add the garlic and cook for 1 minute. Season with freshly ground black pepper. Add the cooked lobster meat and saute quickly, just to heat up the meat. Remove the pan from the heat and carefully add the vodka. Return the pan to the heat, ignite the alcohol, and cook until the alcohol burns off and the flames die out. Keep the pan moving throughout this process so nothing burns. Season with salt and serve. <END>
INPUT: cassoulet, great Northern beans, onion, carrots, celery
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cassoulet With Sausage | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound dried great Northern beans, picked over and rinsed; 4 whole cloves; 1 large onion, halved; 4 carrots, halved crosswise; 2 stalks celery, halved crosswise; 1/4 pound pancetta, diced; 3 sprigs thyme; 3 sprigs parsley; 3 bay leaves; Kosher salt; 1 1/2 pounds sweet Italian sausage, pricked with a fork; 2 heads garlic (unpeeled), top 1/2 inch trimmed; 2 1/2 pounds boneless leg of lamb or pork shoulder, trimmed and cut into 1 1/2-inch cubes; 1 1/2 teaspoons sugar; 1 teaspoon dried oregano | INSTRUCTIONS: Make the beans: Put the beans in a large pot and add enough cold water to cover by 2 inches; bring to a boil and cook 5 minutes. Remove from the heat, cover and let stand 1 hour, then drain. Stick the whole cloves into the onion halves; add to the pot along with the carrots, celery and pancetta. Wrap the thyme, parsley and bay leaves in a piece of cheesecloth, tie with kitchen twine and add to the pot; cover with water by 1 inch. Bring to a boil, reduce the heat to medium, cover and simmer 1 hour. Add 1 teaspoon salt. Nestle the sausage in the beans; add water to cover, if necessary. Add the g <END>
INPUT: American, topped, etouffee, eggs, jalapeno peppers, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Crawfish Jalapeno Cheese Cornbread topped with Crawfish Etouffee | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 4 (8 1/2-ounce) boxes cornbread mix (recommended: Jiffy); 4 (12-ounce) cans condensed milk (recommended: Carnation); 4 eggs; 3/4 cup chopped jalapeno peppers; 1 teaspoon sugar; 2 cups shredded American cheese; 3 pounds cleaned Louisiana crawfish tails; 1/2 (15-ounce) can cream-style corn; 1 1/2 tablespoons Creole seasoning; 2 sticks butter; 2 tablespoons all-purpose flour; 2 onions, minced; 1 green bell pepper, diced; 3 cloves garlic, diced; 1 pound cleaned crawfish tails | INSTRUCTIONS: For the cornbread: Preheat the oven to 300 degrees F. Grease enough cupcake pans to make 60 cornbreads. In a large bowl, mix the cornbread mix, milk and eggs. While stirring, slowly add the jalapeno peppers, sugar, cheese, crawfish and corn. Add the Creole seasoning and pour into the prepared cupcake pans (makes about 60 cupcakes). Cook until done, 50 to 55 minutes. For the etouffee: In a stockpot, melt the butter over medium heat. When the butter is bubbling, add the flour to make a roux, stirring constantly to prevent or remove any lumps. Cook the roux for 5 minutes; do not brown. Stir in th <END>
INPUT: fondue, plain panko bread, Parmesan, parsley leaves, reduced fat cream
OUTPUT: TITLE: Crabmeat Fondue | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Nonstick cooking spray; 1/4 cup plain panko bread crumbs; 2 tablespoons freshly grated Parmesan; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh parsley leaves; 4 ounces reduced-fat cream cheese (Neufchatel), softened at room temperature; 1/2 cup light mayonnaise; 1/4 cup fat-free milk; 1 shallot, minced; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh chives; 1 tablespoon lemon juice; 1 tablespoon Worcestershire; 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/4 teaspoon hot sauce; 1 (8-ounce) container lump crabmeat, picked through | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Spray a small 6 by 9-inch baking dish with nonstick cooking spray. Combine the panko, cheese, and parsley in a small bowl. Whisk the cream cheese in a large bowl until completely smooth. Stir in the mayonnaise, milk, shallot, chives, lemon juice, Worcestershire, mustard, salt, and hot sauce. Gently fold in the crabmeat until just blended. Spoon the mixture into the baking dish and sprinkle with the panko mixture. Bake on the top rack until the topping is browned and the filling is hot and bubbly, 35 minutes. Serve with celery or other crudites. <END>
INPUT: American, top blade, unsalted butter, shallots, sherry vinegar, Dijon mustard
OUTPUT: TITLE: Steak with Shallots and Mustard | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 to 1 1/2 pounds boneless top blade, sirloin, or rib-eye steak, about 3/4-inch thick; 1 1/2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1 tablespoon finely chopped shallots; 2 tablespoons sherry vinegar; 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard; Coarse salt; 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; Sprig of fresh flat-leaf parsley, optional | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat a large, heavy skillet over medium-high heat until it begins to smoke. Add steak and cook until nicely browned, 1 to 2 minutes. Turn and cook until browned on the other side, 1 to 2 minutes. Remove from heat and transfer steak to a plate and set aside. When the skillet has cooled slightly, return it to the stove over medium-low heat. Add the butter; when it melts, add the shallots and saute for 1 minute. Using a spoon, stir in the sherry vinegar until the sauce thickens. Return the steaks to the skillet along with any accumulated juices. Spread the mustard over 1 side of the steak and inc <END>
INPUT: Italian, pesto, loaf Italian bread, roasted garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Hot Italian Pesto Bread | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 4 tablespoons pesto, fresh or store-bought; 1 loaf Italian bread, sliced in half lengthwise; 6 cloves roasted garlic | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Spread the pesto on to 1 side of the sliced bread and spread the garlic cloves onto the other side. Place the halves together to close. Place in oven for 15 minutes. Slice and serve. <END>
INPUT: Italian, vegetables, Salt pepper, olive oil, onion, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken and Vegetables Marinara | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 4 skinless, boneless chicken breast halves (about 2 pounds); Salt and pepper; 3 tablespoons olive oil; 1 medium onion, chopped; 2 garlic cloves, minced; 1/4 pound mushrooms, halved; 1/2 pound butternut squash, peeled and cut into 1/2-inch cubes; 1 small jar roasted red peppers, drained and cut into 1/4-inch strips; 14 1/2 ounce can peeled tomatoes, drained, chopped and juices reserved; 1 1/2 cups marinara sauce, homemade or store bought; 1 tablespoon tomato paste; 1 tablespoon red wine vinegar; 2 teaspoons freshly chopped oregano | INSTRUCTIONS: Rinse and pat dry chicken breasts. Season with salt and pepper. In a large saute pan, heat 2 tablespoons olive oil. Add the chicken and brown well on both sides, about 5 minutes. Remove chicken and set aside. Add remaining 1 tablespoon of olive oil to the pan and heat until hot but not smoking. Add the onion and squash and cook until just soft. Stir in the garlic and mushrooms. Cook until vegetables are crisp tender about 5 minutes. Stir in the red peppers and chopped tomatoes and cook until most of the liquid has evaporated. Using a slotted spoon, remove the vegetables to a bowl. To the same  <END>
INPUT: filet, crust, primary veal stock, lemon rind, capers, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Beef Filet in Salt Crust | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 (5-pound) boxes kosher salt; 1 1/2 cups primary veal stock, recipe follows; 1/4 teaspoon grated lemon rind; 2 tablespoons capers, drained; 1 small clove garlic, mashed; 1 1/2 tablespoons chopped fresh Italian parsley leaves; Freshly ground black pepper; 1 head fillet of beef, about 2 1/4 pounds; 18 to 20 fresh or canned grape leaves, thoroughly dried; 6 small boleti or large shiitake mushrooms; 2 tablespoons olive oil; Salt; Freshly ground black pepper; 1 medium yellow onion, finely chopped; 1 3/4 cups fresh Italian bread crumbs | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F. Pour the boxes of salt into a large braising pot and heat in the oven until unbearably hot to the top of the hand. Meanwhile, place the veal stock in a medium saucepan over medium-low heat and reduce to 1 cup. Add the lemon rind, capers, garlic, parsley and pepper, to taste. Keep warm in a hot water bath to prevent further reduction. Trim the fillet, removing all traces of fat and silver skin between the muscles. Tie the roast with fine string at 1-inch intervals. Blanch the fresh grape leaves for 1 second in boiling water so they can bend easily. Cool them,  <END>
INPUT: American, rounds, Olive oil, center salmon fillet, fennel fronds, smoked salmon, cream cheese
OUTPUT: TITLE: Salmon, Cream Cheese and Caviar on Pumpernickel Rounds | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: Olive oil; 1 1-pound center-cut skinless salmon fillet (about 1 1/2 inches thick); 3 fresh fennel fronds (from 1 fennel bulb); 8 ounces smoked salmon, chopped; 1 8-ounce package cream cheese, room temperature; 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice; 3 tablespoons chopped fresh chives or green onion tops; 2 8-ounce packages sliced Westphalian-style or Danish-style pumpernickel bread (about 20 slices); 3 2-ounce jars red salmon caviar; Additional fresh fennel fronds or chopped fresh chives; Lemon wedges | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350°F. Place large piece of foil on baking sheet; brush with oil. Place salmon fillet in center of foil; sprinkle with salt and pepper. Place 3 fennel fronds atop salmon. Enclose salmon in foil. Bake until salmon is just opaque in center, about 30 minutes. Unwrap salmon; cool completely. Remove any bones from salmon. Place salmon in processor. Add smoked salmon, cream cheese and lemon juice. Blend to coarse puree using on/off turns. Transfer to bowl. Mix in 3 tablespoons chives. Season with salt and pepper.Using 1 1/2- to 1 3/4-inch-diameter cookie cutter or biscuit cutter, cut <END>
INPUT: mojito, mint leaves, lime juice, Simple Syrup, coconut water, rum
OUTPUT: TITLE: Coconut Mojito | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup packed fresh mint leaves; 4 ounces fresh lime juice; 4 ounces Simple Syrup, recipe follows; 16 ounces coconut water, chilled; 8 ounces white rum, chilled; Ice; 1 cup granulated sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: Put the mint, lime juice and Simple Syrup in a pitcher. Muddle for a few seconds to release the flavor from the mint. Pour in the coconut water and rum. Add ice to fill a pitcher, and stir to combine and chill. Stir together the sugar and 1 cup water in a medium pot. Bring to a simmer over medium-high heat. Stir to make sure all the sugar is dissolved. Simmer for 1 minute, and then remove from the heat. Cool completely. <END>
INPUT: carbonara, olive oil, pancetta, onions, garlic, kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sweet Onion Carbonara | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 teaspoons olive oil; 4 ounces thinly sliced pancetta, chopped; 1 large or 2 small yellow onions, halved and thinly sliced; 2 cloves garlic, minced; 3/4 teaspoon kosher salt, plus more; 3/4 cup shredded gruyere; 2/3 cup whipping cream; 1/2 cup freshly grated Parmesan; 1/2 teaspoon grated lemon zest (1/2 lemon); 4 large eggs; 1 pound mezzi rigatoni; Fresh coarsely ground black pepper; 2 tablespoons chopped chives | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat the oil in a heavy large frying pan set over medium heat. Add the pancetta and saute until brown and crisp, about 8 minutes. Remove the pancetta from the pan and set aside to cool. Add the onions to the pan and cook until golden brown and lightly caramelized, 10 minutes. Add the garlic and 1/2 teaspoon of the salt and cook 2 minutes more. Set aside to cool slightly. In a large bowl, whisk together the gruyere, cream, Parmesan, lemon zest, eggs and the remaining 1/4 teaspoon salt. Meanwhile, bring a large pot of salted water to a boil over high heat. Add the pasta and cook until just tende <END>
INPUT: unsalted butter, Aromatics seasonings, Salt pepper, celery
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roast Turkey Breast | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 (6 to 7-pound) turkey breast on the bone, rinsed and patted dry; 1/4 cup unsalted butter, softened; Aromatics and seasonings (recommended: garlic, fresh herbs, citrus zest, spices, etc.); Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 stalks celery, cut into 2-inch pieces; 2 small carrots, peeled and cut into 2-inch pieces; 2 small onions, peeled and quartered; Roast Turkey Breast Variations, recipes follow | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. In a small bowl, combine the softened butter with chosen aromatics and seasonings and salt and pepper. Carefully lift the skin from the meat and rub half of the seasoned butter directly on the turkey breast. Rub the rest of the seasoned butter on the skin. Season the turkey generously with salt and freshly ground black pepper. Scatter the vegetables on the bottom of a roasting pan just large enough to hold the turkey. Set the meat breast-side up in the pan. Roast for about 2 hours or until an instant read thermometer inserted into the thickest part of the bre <END>
INPUT: wrapped, prawns jumbo shrimp, garlic, lemon, stem oregano marjoram, EVOO
OUTPUT: TITLE: Serrano-Wrapped Sherry Shrimp | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 12 large prawns or jumbo shrimp, tail on and deveined; 4 cloves garlic, finely chopped; 1 lemon, juiced; 1 stem fresh oregano or marjoram, leaves stripped and finely chopped; EVOO, for drizzling; Hot sauce, such as Tabasco; Fat handful fresh flat-leaf parsley leaves, chopped; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 12 slices Serrano ham; Olive oil, for sauteing; 1/2 cup dry sherry; 2 tablespoons butter | INSTRUCTIONS: Toss the shrimp with the garlic, half of the lemon juice, the oregano, a fat drizzle of EVOO, a few shakes hot sauce, the parsley and some salt and pepper. Wrap each shrimp in a slice of ham. Drizzle some olive oil in a large skillet and heat over medium-high to high heat. Add the shrimp and cook until the ham is brown and crisp and the shrimp are firm and pink at the ends. Remove the shrimp to a platter. Pour the sherry in the pan, swirl, then add the butter and the remaining lemon juice, and swirl to gloss the sauce. Pour the sauce over the shrimp and serve. <END>
INPUT: canapes, jicama, dates, lime juice, scallion, mint leaves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Jicama-Date Canapes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 large jicama (about 1 1/4 pounds); 1 cup packed dried pitted dates (about 1/2 pound); 3 tablespoons fresh lime juice; 2 tablespoons minced scallion; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh mint leaves; Salt; Garnish: small fresh mint leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: Peel jicama and cut enough into 1/4-inch dice to measure 1/2 cup. In a food processor pulse dates to a paste and transfer to a bowl. Stir diced jicama, lime juice, scallion, and mint into dates and season with salt. Date mixture may be made 1 day ahead and chilled, covered. Cut remaining jicama into 1/4-inch thick slices and cut each slice into as many 1 1/2-inch triangles as possible. Jicama triangles may be made 1 day ahead, wrapped in damp paper towels, and chilled in a sealable plastic bag. Top jicama triangles with some date mixture and garnish with small mint leaves. <END>
INPUT: maine, water, thyme, flat leaf parsley, bay leaves, lemon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Boiled Maine Lobster | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 gallon water; 3 fresh thyme sprigs; 6 fresh flat leaf parsley sprigs; 2 bay leaves; 1 lemon; 1 cup dry white wine; 1 tablespoon black peppercorns; 1/4 cup sea salt; 4 (2-pound) lobsters; 2 sticks unsalted butter, softened | INSTRUCTIONS: To make a court-bouillon: Pour 1 gallon of water into a 16-quart stock pot over medium heat. Tie the thyme, parsley and bay leaves together with kitchen string to make a bouquet garni. Place the herb bundle in the stock pot and secure the end of the string to the pot handle for easy removal. Cut the lemon in half and squeeze the juice into the water, then drop in the lemons. Add wine, peppercorns and sea salt. Bring to a rolling boil. Cut off the rubber bands that secure the lobster claws. Place live lobsters in the freezer for 15 minutes to disable movement. Plunge lobsters head first into th <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, vegetables, Salt, carrot, celery, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Poached Chicken and Vegetables with Couscous | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 8 pieces boneless, skinless chicken breast (4 are for Portuguese Chicken recipe); Salt; 1 large carrot, peeled and sliced diagonally into 1/2-inch slices; 3 ribs celery, cut into 2-inch pieces on an angle; 1 small to medium onion, cut into 1 1/2 inch chunks; 1 bay leaf, fresh or dried; 4 sprigs fresh thyme; 6 cups chicken stock; 1 cup instant couscous; 10 blades chives, snipped or chopped, garnish; 1/4 cup chopped flat-leaf parsley, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Season chicken breasts with salt and arrange in a deep, large skillet. Cover chicken with vegetables. Add bay leaf, thyme sprigs, and chicken stock to the pan. Place over high heat and bring to a boil, covered. Reduce heat to simmer and cook for 15 minutes. Remove bay and thyme sprigs. Remove the chicken breasts and cut into slices. Return chicken slices to the pan and adjust seasoning, to your taste. Put the couscous into a heatproof serving bowl. Ladle 1 1/2 cups of the hot cooking liquid over the couscous, cover and let stand for 5 minutes. Remove the lid, season the couscous with salt, and <END>
INPUT: dessert, coffee ice cream, salted mixed nuts, dark amber maple, Rolled wafer cookies
OUTPUT: TITLE: Maple Nut Coffee Ice Cream Dessert | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 pints coffee ice cream; 1 cup salted mixed nuts, coarsely chopped or processed; 1/2 cup medium to dark amber maple syrup, warmed; Rolled wafer cookies, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Top 2 scoops of coffee ice cream with chopped salted mixed nuts. Drizzle nuts and ice cream with warm maple syrup. Garnish desserts with rolled wafer cookies and serve. <END>
INPUT: savannah, salt pork, pepper, celery, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Savannah Red Rice | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 pound salt pork, finely diced; 1 small red pepper, diced; 1 small green pepper, diced; 1 rib celery, diced; 1 medium onion, diced; 2 cloves garlic, minced; 2 cups long-grain white rice; 2 cups crushed, canned whole tomatoes, undrained; 2 tablespoons tomato paste; 1 1/2 cups water; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 1/2 teaspoon cayenne pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat a large heavy-bottomed saucepan and cook the salt pork over medium-high heat until crisp. Add the red and green peppers, celery, onion, and garlic and cook 3 to 4 minutes. Add the rice and stir, coating the rice with drippings. Stir in the tomatoes, tomato paste, water, salt, and black and cayenne pepper. Cover and simmer until the rice is tender and the liquid is absorbed, about 25 to 30 minutes. <END>
INPUT: whakatane, Clarified butter, garlic, spring onions, mushrooms, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Scallops Whakatane | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Clarified butter; 1 garlic clove, peeled, bruised; 1 cup spring onions, chopped; 1 cup mushrooms, finely sliced; 1/4 cup green pepper, finely sliced; 1/2 lemon, juiced, divided; Tomatoes, about 1 cup, peeled, cut in 1/8's; 1 pound scallops; All-purpose flour; Salt; White peppercorns; 2 tablespoons parsley, chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: Melt a tablespoon clarified butter in a pan and add the bruised garlic clove. Allow it to sweat and add the spring onions, tossing well. Reduce the pan heat and remove the garlic. Add the green pepper. Add in the mushrooms and stir gently to coat with the butter. Add half of the lemon juice and tomatoes. Season with salt and pepper. Dry scallops well, season and lightly dust with flour. In a separate pan, place enough clarified butter to coat, add the scallops and shallow fry for 4 minutes, tossing them over several times. Add the remaining lemon juice and chopped parsley. Place the vegetables <END>
INPUT: olive corn oil, onion, garlic, jalapeno, mushrooms
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mushroom Crepes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons olive or corn oil; 1/2 white onion, diced; 2 cloves garlic, minced; 1/2 jalapeno, minced; 1/2 pound fresh mushrooms, cleaned and chopped; 2 tablespoons chopped epazote; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 8 crepes, recipe follows; 1 cup grated Monterey Jack; 2 cups Mexican crema or 2 cups sour cream thinned out with 1/2 cup milk; Truffle oil, for garnish; 1 cup milk; 1 large egg; 2 tablespoons melted butter; 1/2 teaspoon salt | INSTRUCTIONS: In a hot saute pan, add the oil. Cook the onion, garlic, and jalapeno for 3 minutes, or until the onions have become translucent. Add the huitlacoche, and cook for another 3 minutes. Add the chopped epazote, and season with salt and pepper. Set aside to cool. Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Arrange the crepes and other ingredients in assembly-line fashion: crepes, filling, cheese, and crema. Spread 1 tablespoon of sour cream on an open crepe, sprinkle a heaping tablespoon of the huitlacoche filling, cover with a sprinkle of cheese, and roll the crepe into a tube. Repeat process with the remaini <END>
INPUT: roast, all purpose flour, thyme, paprika, garlic, Kosher salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Turkey Pot Roast | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup all-purpose flour; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh thyme, plus a few sprigs; 2 teaspoons paprika; 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped; Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper; 1 4-pound bone-in turkey breast; 3/4 cup dry white wine; 2 tablespoons tomato paste; 2 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley; 2 bay leaves; 4 carrots, cut into 1-inch pieces; 4 stalks celery, cut into 1-inch pieces; 1 small onion, halved and sliced; 2 small russet potatoes (about 1 pound), thinly sliced | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine 1/4 cup flour, the chopped thyme, paprika, garlic, 1 teaspoon salt and 1/4 teaspoon pepper in a large bowl. Rub all over the turkey, then transfer to a 6-quart slow cooker. Combine the remaining 1/4 cup flour, the wine, tomato paste, Worcestershire sauce, 1 tablespoon parsley and the bay leaves in a medium bowl. Scatter the carrots, celery, onion, potatoes and thyme sprigs over and around the turkey in the slow cooker. Pour in the wine mixture, then cover and cook on low, 7 hours. Transfer the turkey to a cutting board. Skim off the fat from the gravy in the slow cooker and discard the <END>
INPUT: sformato, heavy cream, eggs, Parmigiano Reggiano, Salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Parmigiano Sformato with Piquillo Peppers and Almonds | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Nonstick cooking spray; 2 cups heavy cream; 4 eggs; 1 cup grated Parmigiano-Reggiano; Salt; 1 pinch cayenne; 1 jar piquillo peppers, julienned; 1/4 cup sliced almonds, toasted; 2 cups arugula or mesclun; Extra-virgin olive oil; 3 to 4 tablespoons sherry vinegar; 2 tablespoons chopped chives; Special equipment: 8 (6-ounce) ramekins or disposable aluminum cups | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 325 degrees F. Spray the ramekins or disposable aluminum cups with nonstick spray. To a medium bowl, add the heavy cream, eggs and Parmigiano and whisk to combine. Season with salt and cayenne. Divide the egg, cream, cheese mixture between the ramekins. Place the filled ramekins in a baking dish and fill halfway with hot tap water. Cover with aluminum foil and bake in the preheated oven for 20 to 25 minutes. Remove from oven and let cool on racks. Place the cooled sformato in a warm oven for 10 minutes to reheat. While the sformato is reheating toss the peppers and almonds with <END>
INPUT: Italian, parmesan, custard, all purpose flour, sage, Rounded salt, vegetable shortening
OUTPUT: TITLE: Parmesan Custard Tart with Butternut Squash | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/4 cups all-purpose flour; 2 1/2 teaspoons finely chopped fresh sage; Rounded 1/4 teaspoon salt; 3/4 stick (6 tablespoons) cold unsalted butter, cut into cubes; 2 tablespoons cold vegetable shortening, cut into pieces; 2 to 4 tablespoons ice water; 1 large egg white (yolk reserved for filling), lightly beaten; 2 ounces finely grated Parmigiano-Reggiano (1 cup); 1 cup heavy cream; 1 1/2 tablespoons olive oil; 3/4 pound piece butternut squash, peeled, seeded, and cut into 1/2-inch pieces (2 cups); 3/8 teaspoon salt; 1/4 teaspoon coarsely ground black pepper; 1 whole large egg; 1 large egg yolk | INSTRUCTIONS: Make shell: Combine flour, sage, and salt in a food processor, then add butter and shortening and pulse until mixture resembles coarse meal with some small (roughly pea-size) butter lumps. Drizzle with 2 tablespoons ice water and pulse until just incorporated. Squeeze a small handful of dough: If it doesn't hold together, add more ice water, 1 tablespoon at a time, pulsing until just incorporated, then test again. (Do not overwork, or pastry will be tough.) Turn out dough onto a lightly floured surface and divide into 4 portions. With heel of your hand, smear each portion once or twice in a fo <END>
INPUT: olive oil, lemon, oregano leaves, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Marinated Lamb Chops | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon olive oil; 1 lemon, zested (about 1/2 teaspoon); 1 lemon, juiced (about 2 tablespoons); 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh oregano leaves, or 2 teaspoons dried oregano; 2 tablespoons minced garlic; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 8 (4-ounce) lamb loin chops, trimmed of all visible fat | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Click here to see how she does it. In a small bowl stir together the first 7 ingredients. Put the lamb chops in a sealable plastic bag and pour the marinade over them. Move the chops around in the bag so the marinade coats them well. Marinate for 1 hour. Grill or broil the chops for 3 to 4 minutes per side for medium rare. <END>
INPUT: cranberry, cranberries, water, orange juice, unsalted butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cranberry and Orange Wild Rice | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup dried cranberries; 1 1/4 cups water; 1 cup fresh orange juice; 1 tablespoon unsalted butter; 1 (8-ounce) package long-grain and wild rice (recommended: Uncle Ben's); 1 orange, zested; 1/2 cup sliced almonds | INSTRUCTIONS: Put cranberries in a medium bowl and pour in enough hot tap water to cover. Set aside while you make the rice. In a medium pot over medium-high heat, add the water, orange juice, and butter, and bring to a boil. Stir in the rice, and the included contents of the seasoning packet, and return to a boil. Turn the heat to low, cover, and cook until the rice is tender, about 20 to 25 minutes. Drain the cranberries and add them to the rice along with the orange zest, and almonds. Gently stir them in, fluffing the rice. Transfer the rice to a serving bowl, cover and keep warm until ready to serve. <END>
INPUT: American, breasts, Kalamata other brine, soft mild goat, thyme leaves, chicken breast halves, vegetable oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Goat Cheese and Olive-Stuffed Chicken Breasts | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 6 Kalamata or other brine-cured black olives; 1 ounce soft mild goat cheese (about 2 tablespoons); 1/2 teaspoon chopped fresh thyme leaves; 2 boneless chicken breast halves with skin; 1 teaspoon vegetable oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 300°F. Pit and thinly slice olives. In a small bowl stir together olives, goat cheese, thyme, and salt and pepper to taste until combined well. Pat chicken dry and season with salt and pepper. Preheat oven to 300°F. Pit and thinly slice olives. In a small bowl stir together olives, goat cheese, thyme, and salt and pepper to taste until combined well. Pat chicken dry and season with salt and pepper. To form a pocket in chicken for filling: Put a chicken breast half on a cutting board and, beginning in middle of 1 side of breast half, horizontally insert a sharp thin knife three  <END>
INPUT: Italian, olive oil, bell peppers, cherry tomatoes, onion, basil leaves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Peppers Stuffed with Cherry Tomatoes, Onion, and Basil | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon olive oil, plus 2 tablespoons; 4 red bell peppers, halved through the stem, seeds and ribs removed but stem intact; 1 pint cherry tomatoes, halved; 1 medium onion, diced; 1 cup packed fresh basil leaves, chiffonaded; 3 garlic cloves, finely chopped; 1/4 teaspoon red pepper flakes; 1 cup cubed mozzarella; Salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 425 degrees F. Lightly oil a large shallow baking pan with 1 tablespoon olive oil. Arrange peppers, cut sides up, in baking pan, and lightly oil the cut edges and stems. In a bowl, toss the tomatoes, onion, basil, garlic, 2 tablespoons oil, red pepper flakes, mozzarella, and salt and pepper, to taste. Divide mixture among peppers and roast in upper third of oven until peppers are tender, about 20 minutes. <END>
INPUT: salty, kettle, grapeseed oil canola, Truvia® natural sweetener, fine sea salt, un popped popcorn
OUTPUT: TITLE: Truvia® natural sweetener Sweet and Salty Kettle Corn | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup grapeseed oil or canola oil; 1/4 cup Truvia® natural sweetener or 14 packets; 1/4 tsp. fine sea salt; 2/3 cup un-popped popcorn kernels | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat oil in a large pot over medium heat. When the oil is hot, add Truvia® natural sweetener, salt and popcorn and stir to coat. Cover and shake constantly over medium heat until most of the corn has popped, about 4 to 5 minutes. When the popping slows to once every 2 to 3 seconds, remove the lid and shake until all popping has stopped. remove from the heat and quickly transfer to a serving bowl. Salt to taste. <END>
INPUT: Italian, bruschetta, arugula, smoked mozzarella, tomatoes, diagonally Italian bread, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Bruschetta with Arugula, Smoked Mozzarella, and Tomatoes | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 large bunch of arugula (about 1/4 pound), coarse stems discarded and the leaves washed well and spun dry; 1/2 pound smoked mozzarella, chopped fine; 2 tomatoes (1/2 pound total), seeded and chopped fine; 12 diagonally cut 1/2-inch-thick slices of Italian bread (about 1 1/2 loaves); 2 garlic cloves, halved; 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Chop the arugula fine and in a bowl stir it together with the mozzarella, the tomatoes, and salt and pepper to taste. Grill the bread on a rack set 4 inches over glowing coals, turning it once, until it is golden. (Alternatively, the bread may be toasted on a rack in a preheated broiler about 4 inches from the heat, turning it once.) Rub the toasts with the garlic on one side and brush the same side with half the oil. Spoon the arugula mixture onto the oiled sides of the toasts and drizzle the remaining 2 tablespoons oil over it. Chop the arugula fine and in a bowl stir it together with the mo <END>
INPUT: ragu, veal, EVOO, Salt pepper, allspice, nutmeg
OUTPUT: TITLE: Veal Ragu with Gorgonzola | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 pounds ground veal; 2 tablespoons EVOO; Salt and pepper; 1/2 teaspoon ground allspice; Freshly grated nutmeg; 3 to 4 cloves garlic, finely chopped; 1 carrot, peeled and finely chopped; 1 onion, finely chopped; 3 tablespoons fresh sage leaves, thinly sliced; 2 tablespoons fresh thyme leaves, finely chopped; 3 tablespoons tomato paste; 1 1/2 cups chicken stock; 1 cup whole milk or light cream; 1 cup dry white wine; 4 ounces gorgonzola dolce cheese | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring the veal to room temperature. Heat a Dutch oven or large pot over medium-high heat with the EVOO. Pat dry the veal with paper towels, and add to the pot. Caramelize, brown and crumble the veal. Sprinkle with salt and pepper, the allspice and a few grates of nutmeg. Next add the garlic, carrots, onions, sage and thyme. Cook, partially covered, 8 to 10 minutes, stirring occasionally. Add the tomato paste and stir until fragrant, 1 minute. Add the stock, milk, wine and gorgonzola. Reduce the heat and simmer at a low bubble for 1 hour, stirring occasionally. Cool and store in the refrigerato <END>
INPUT: syrup, water, sugar, Mexican cinnamon regular, pumpkin acorn squash, heavy cream
OUTPUT: TITLE: Candied Pumpkin Ice Cream Syrup | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cup water; 1 cup packed brown sugar; 1 large Mexican cinnamon stick or 3 regular cinnamon sticks; 1/2 pound pumpkin or acorn squash, peeled and cut into 2-inch cubes; 1/4 cup heavy cream (optional); 1 1/2 - 2 pints vanilla ice cream | INSTRUCTIONS: In medium saucepan combine water, brown sugar, and cinnamon. Bring to a boil and cook until liquid has reduced by about one-quarter and a light syrup forms, about 15 minutes. Add pumpkin or squash, reduce heat to very low and simmer gently until the pumpkin is translucent, about 45 minutes. If preparing in advance remove the pumpkin from syrup with a slotted spoon and store pumpkin separately. When ready to serve, combine the pumpkin and syrup in a small skillet and reheat over low heat. Just before serving, stir in the heavy cream. Spoon over ice cream and serve.; <END>
INPUT: Italian, tricolor, pasta, bell pepper, orange bell pepper, onion, Curtis' hot spice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tricolor Pepper and Onion Pasta | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 red bell pepper, julienned; 1 yellow bell pepper, julienned; 1 orange bell pepper, julienned; 1 medium onion, julienned; 1 teaspoon Curtis' hot spice blend*; 1 tablespoon chopped rosemary; 2 cooked fussili; 1 tablespoon olive oil; 1 teaspoon black pepper corns; 1 teaspoon white pepper corns; 2 teaspoon red pepper corns; 2 teaspoon green pepper corns; 1/4 teaspoon red pepper flakes; 1/4 teaspoon paprika | INSTRUCTIONS: In a hot saute pan, add oil and saute peppers and onions until lightly colored, about 5 minutes. Add spice blend and rosemary and cook for 1 minute. Spoon over pasta. Blend in coffee grinder. <END>
INPUT: Asian, salad, peanuts, savoy cabbage, kosher salt, oil anchovy fillets, lemon zest, lemon juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spicy Cabbage Salad With Turkey and Peanuts | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 medium head of green or savoy cabbage, cut into 1-inch pieces; 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt, plus more; 4 oil-packed anchovy fillets, coarsely chopped; 1 teaspoon finely grated lemon zest; 3 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 2 tablespoons unseasoned rice vinegar; 1 tablespoon light soy sauce; 4 teaspoons white miso; 1/4 teaspoon sugar; 1 tablespoon vegetable oil; 4 celery stalks, thinly sliced on a diagonal, plus 1/2 cup celery leaves; 2 scallions, green parts only, thinly sliced on a diagonal; 1 serrano chile, thinly sliced; 1 cup cilantro leaves with tender stems; 1 cup shredded cooked turkey meat | INSTRUCTIONS: Toss cabbage and 1/2 tsp. salt in a large bowl. Massage vigorously with your hands until cabbage begins to release water and soften, about 2 minutes (this will both season and tenderize the leaves). Drain; set aside. Mix anchovies, lemon zest, lemon juice, vinegar, soy sauce, miso, and sugar in a large bowl; whisk in oil. Add cabbage, celery and celery leaves, scallions, chile, cilantro, and turkey meat to bowl and toss to combine; season with salt. Serve salad topped with peanuts and sesame seeds. Toss cabbage and 1/2 tsp. salt in a large bowl. Massage vigorously with your hands until cabbage <END>
INPUT: roast, unsalted butter, crumbled sage, lemon zest, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roast Cornish Hens with Sage Butter | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened; 1 tablespoon crumbled dried sage; 2 teaspoons freshly grated lemon zest; 1 teaspoon salt; 4 (1 1/2-pound) Cornish hens, rinsed and patted dry | INSTRUCTIONS: In a small bowl blend together 4 tablespoons of the butter with the sage, zest, and salt. Loosen the skin covering the breast meat on each hen by slipping your fingers under the skin and sliding them between the skin and the meat. Divide the butter mixture between the hens, inserting it under the skin of each hen and smoothing it evenly by rubbing the outside of the skin, and season the hens with salt and pepper. Tie each hen's legs together with kitchen string. In a large ovenproof heavy skillet, or small flameproof roasting pan, heat the remaining 2 tablespoons butter over moderately high he <END>
INPUT: peaches, elderflower liqueur, unsalted butter, demerara sugar, mascarpone cheese sour
OUTPUT: TITLE: Hot Peaches and Cream | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 peaches; 1/3 cup elderflower liqueur (such as St. Germain) or sweet dessert wine; 1 tablespoon unsalted butter; 2 tablespoons plus 2 teaspoons demerara sugar; 1/4 cup mascarpone cheese or sour cream | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the broiler. Halve and pit the peaches, then lightly score the cut sides of each peach a few times with a knife. Combine the liqueur and butter in a medium ovenproof skillet over medium heat; cook, stirring, until the butter melts and the liquid just begins to simmer. Add the peaches, cut-side up, and cook until the bottoms begin to soften, about 4 minutes. Sprinkle each peach half with 1 teaspoon sugar and transfer the skillet to the broiler. Broil until the peaches brown in spots, about 3 minutes. Let cool slightly. Divide the peaches among plates and drizzle with the syrup from the  <END>
INPUT: cocktails, cranberry juice, pear juice, sparkling water, ice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cranberry and Pear Cocktails | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: cranberry juice; pear juice; sparkling water; ice | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large pitcher, combine equal parts cranberry juice and pear juice and top off with sparkling water. Serve over ice. <END>
INPUT: crisp, Granny Smith apples, light sugar, cornstarch, lemon juice, orange juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Apple Crisp | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 Granny Smith apples, peeled and sliced into 1/4-inch wedges; 1/4 cup packed light brown sugar; 2 tablespoons cornstarch; 1 tablespoon freshly squeezed lemon juice; 1 tablespoon freshly squeezed orange juice; 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, diced and chilled; 1/4 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 3/4 cup all-purpose flour; 1/2 cup packed light brown sugar; 1/4 cup rolled oats; 1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1/4 teaspoon kosher salt; 4 tablespoons (1/2 stick) unsalted butter, diced and chilled; 1/4 cup caramel candy squares, quartered; Vanilla ice cream, for serving, optional | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. For the apples: In a large bowl, combine the apples with the brown sugar, cornstarch, lemon juice, orange juice, diced butter and cinnamon and reserve. For the crisp: In a mixing bowl, combine the flour, brown sugar, oats, cinnamon and salt. Add the butter and, using your hands, rub the mixture until it resembles crumbs. Cover and refrigerate for about 20 minutes. Pour the apple mixture into an 8-by-8-inch baking pan. Sprinkle on the caramel squares and salt. Place the crisp mixture on top of the apples, scattering evenly withou <END>
INPUT: fennel bulb, Kosher salt pepper, olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pan-Fried Fennel | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 large fennel bulb; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 tablespoons olive oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Trim the fennel bulb and cut into slices about 1/4 inch/1/2 centimeter thick. Sprinkle with salt and pepper. Heat the oil in a heavy saute pan and fry the fennel on both sides until tender and slightly golden. <END>
INPUT: alexis, cookies, light sugar, granulated sugar, eggs, pure vanilla extract
OUTPUT: TITLE: Alexis' Chocolate Chip Cookies | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups (4 sticks) unsalted butter, room temperature, plus more for baking sheets; 3 cups packed light-brown sugar; 1 cup granulated sugar; 4 large eggs; 2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract; 3 1/2 cups all-purpose flour; 1 1/2 teaspoons salt; 2 teaspoons baking soda; 1 1/2 cups best-quality chocolate chips | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F. Line 2 baking sheets with silpat baking mats or parchment paper; set aside. Cream butter until smooth; add sugars, and beat until smooth. Beat in eggs and vanilla. Into a large bowl, sift together flour, salt, and baking soda. Slowly beat dry ingredients into wet mixture. Fold in chocolate chips. Drop 2 to 3 tablespoons dough per cookie onto prepared baking sheets; space dough about 2 inches apart to accommodate spreading. Bake until golden, 8 to 10 minutes. Transfer cookies to racks to cool. <END>
INPUT: enchiladas, mixed vegetables, tomatoes, basil, garlic, tomato paste
OUTPUT: TITLE: Vegetable Enchiladas | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup mixed vegetables, sliced (any combination of vegetables such as: small Japanese sliced eggplant, cabbage, cucumber (asian enlich or burp), aspar; 5 large tomatoes, peeled and diced or one 24-ounce can whole tomatoes, drained and chopped; 1 tablespoon fresh basil, chopped; 3 cloves garlic, minced; 2 tablespoons tomato paste; Salt and pepper to taste; 1/2 teaspoon brown sugar; 3/4 cup Bean White Gravy (see recipe); 1/4 cup dry white wine; 12 flour tortillas; 1 cup lima beans, soaked overnight and drained; 1 1/2 cups water; 1/4 stick (1-ounce) butter; 1/2 medium onion, diced; 1/2 cup heavy cream | INSTRUCTIONS: Lightly spray vegetables with a cooking spray. Place vegetables in a nonstick baking dish and broil until brown, about 3 minutes. Allow vegetables to cool. Combine tomatoes, basil, garlic, tomato paste, brown sugar, salt and pepper in a saucepan and heat. Add vegetables and simmer about 10 minutes. Meanwhile in a small saucepan, combine White Bean Gravy with white wine and heat thoroughly. Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Fill tortillas with the vegetable mixture, then fold into enchiladas. Place in a baking dish and bake for about 20 minutes or until enchiladas are brown. Before serving, cover  <END>
INPUT: citrus, chicken thighs, navel orange, limes, virgin olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Citrus-Garlic Roasted Chicken | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 large bone-in, skin on chicken breasts, about 3 pounds; 4 large whole chicken thighs, about 2 pounds; 1/2 navel orange, zested, plus the juice of 1 whole orange; 2 limes, 1 zested, both juiced; 1/2 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 4 large cloves garlic, peeled and smashed; 1 teaspoon kosher salt, plus more for seasoning; Freshly cracked black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Put the chicken in a large nonmetalic bowl. Put the orange and lime zests in a small bowl and add the fruit juices. Whisk in the olive oil, garlic, 1 teaspoon salt, and a generous grind of black pepper. Pour the marinade over the chicken and toss until well coated. Marinate for 20 to 30 minutes but no longer than 45 minutes. Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Put a rack on a rimmed baking sheet. With tongs, remove the chicken pieces from the marinade and arrange them on the rack leaving space between each piece. Drizzle a small spoonful of the marinade over the t <END>
INPUT: tart, gingerbread, cranberry juice cocktail, sugar, cinnamon, lemon juice, pears
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cranberry Pear Tart with Gingerbread Crust | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 cups cranberry juice cocktail; 1/2 cup sugar; 4-inch cinnamon stick; 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 4 large firm-ripe pears, halved lengthwise, peeled, cored, and reserved in a bowl of cold water acidulated with the juice of 1/2 lemon; 1/3 cup dried cranberries; 1 1/2 cups all-purpose flour; 3 tablespoons firmly packed brown sugar; 2 teaspoons ground ginger; 2 1/2 teaspoons ground cinnamon; 3/4 teaspoon ground allspice; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1 stick (1/2 cup) cold, unsalted butter, cut into bits; 1 large egg yolk; 2 tablespoons dark molasses | INSTRUCTIONS: Make the pear mixture: in a kettle combine the cranberry juice, the sugar, the cinnamon stick, and the lemon juice, bring the mixture to a boil, and add the pears. Heat the mixture until it just comes to a simmer and simmer the pears gently for 10 to 15 minutes, or until they are just tender. Remove the kettle from the heat, stir in the cranberries, and let the mixture cool. Chill the mixture, covered, for at least 8 hours. The pear mixture may be made 2 days in advance and kept covered and chilled. Make the crust: In a food processor blend together well the flour, the brown sugar, the ginger, <END>
INPUT: milk, vanilla bean, Earl Grey tea, sugar, egg yolks
OUTPUT: TITLE: Earl Grey Ice Cream | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 cups milk; 1 vanilla bean; 8 Earl Grey tea bags; 1 1/2 cups sugar; 24 egg yolks; 1 1/2 cups sugar; 5 cups cream | INSTRUCTIONS: Split the vanilla bean open and scrape the seeds into a heavy, 1 gallon pot. Put in the milk and 1 1/2 cups sugar and bring to a scald. Put in the tea bags and let steep for 20 minutes. Set aside. Using a tabletop mixer, place the yolks and sugar in the bowl and mix at medium-high speed until the yolks are stiffened and are a pale, yellow color. On low speed, gradually add about 2 cups of the hot milk and vanilla bean mixture. Bring this mixture back to the pot. Cook on medium-low heat until just thickened, and coats the back of a spoon. Immediately strain through a fine strainer and chill ove <END>
INPUT: Indian, plain yogurt, Tandoori Masala, Juice lime, salt, Chips roti
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tandoori Dip | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup plain yogurt; 1 tablespoon Tandoori Masala, recipe follows; Juice of 1/2 a lime; A pinch of salt; Chips or roti, for serving; 1/4 cup cumin seeds; 1/4 cup coriander seeds; 3 tablespoons smoked paprika; 2 tablespoons garam masala; 2 teaspoons garlic powder; 1 teaspoon red chili powder; 1 teaspoon fenugreek seeds; 1 teaspoon ground ginger; 1 teaspoon turmeric; 8 green cardamom pods | INSTRUCTIONS: Put the yogurt into a small bowl and add the Tandoori Masala, lime juice and salt. Stir well and serve with chips or roti. Grind the cumin seeds, coriander seeds, smoked paprika, garam masala, garlic powder, red chili powder, fenugreek seeds, ground ginger, turmeric, cardamom, cloves and cinnamon stick in an electric spice grinder. Store in an airtight container. <END>
INPUT: Chicken Nuggets, chicken thighs, buttermilk, egg, chives
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken Nuggets | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Chicken Nuggets; 8 chicken thighs, skinned and deboned; 1 cup buttermilk; 1 egg; 1/4 cup finely chopped fresh chives; 1/4 cup grated Parmesan cheese; 3 tablespoons soy sauce; 1/2 teaspoon garlic-flavored hot pepper sauce (recommended: garlic-flavored Tabasco); Juice of 1 lemon; 1 teaspoon salt; 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; Vegetable oil, for frying; 1 cup flour, for dredging; 3 eggs, beaten; 2 cups panko (Japanese) bread crumbs | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large bowl, marinate the pieces of chicken in buttermilk. Cover with plastic wrap and leave in the refrigerator overnight. This will tenderize the chicken. Heat oil in a deep fryer. Drain and discard the buttermilk. In a food processor, combine the marinated chicken, egg, chives, Parmesan, soy sauce, garlic-flavored hot sauce, lemon juice, salt, and pepper. Blend until a smooth paste is formed, about 1 minute. Make about 2-inch by 1-inch nuggets, lining them up on a baking tray. In a shallow bowl, add the flour and in a second bowl the beaten eggs, and in a third bowl the panko bread crum <END>
INPUT: cookies, sundaes, Pistachio hazelnut gelato, Hot fudge sauce, pistachios hazelnuts, strawberries
OUTPUT: TITLE: Gelato or Sorbetto on Pizzelle Cookies Sundaes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 (store or bakery-bought) vanilla or anise flavored pizzelle; Pistachio or hazelnut gelato; Hot fudge sauce, heated; Chopped pistachios and hazelnuts; 1 pint fresh strawberries, sliced; 3 tablespoons granulated sugar; 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice; Lemon sorbetto; Fresh mint sprigs | INSTRUCTIONS: For the gelato sundaes: Top the cookies with a large scoop of pistachio gelato, drizzle with hot fudge and sprinkle with pistachios. For the sorbetto sundaes: Mix together the strawberries, sugar and lemon juice in a bowl and let macerate for 15 minutes. Place a large scoop of lemon sorbetto on each cookie and top with some of the strawberries and their juices and garnish with mint sprigs. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, spaetzle, cilantro, all purpose flour, grain Dijon mustard, mustard, Parmesan, kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pan Roasted Pork Tenderloin with Mustard Spaetzle and Apple Cilantro Salsa | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups all-purpose flour; 1/2 cup whole-grain or Dijon mustard; 2 tablespoons dry mustard; 3 tablespoons grated Parmesan; 1 tablespoon kosher salt; 2 eggs; 1 1/2 cups whole milk; 3 tablespoons olive oil; 2 tablespoons canola oil; 2 boneless pork tenderloins (about 3 to 4 pounds total); Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 3 Gala apples, small diced; 2 tablespoons rice wine vinegar; 1 lemon, juiced; 1 jalapeno, minced | INSTRUCTIONS: Spaetzle: Bring a large pot of water to a boil over medium heat. In a large bowl, whisk together the flour, mustard, dry mustard, Parmesan and salt. Then add eggs and milk and stir together using a metal or wooden spoon. The consistency should be a thick batter, a little thicker than pancake batter. When the water comes to a boil put a colander over the pot and pour in the batter. Using a rubber spatula, force the batter through the holes of the colander so it falls in little drops into the water. Cook for just a minute. When the spaetzle float to the surface, they are cooked. Strain and immed <END>
INPUT: panroasted, pancetta, shallots, Salt pepper, brussels sprouts, wine vinegar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Panroasted Brussels Sprouts with Pancetta | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 pound thickly sliced pancetta, cut into 1/4 inch dice; 8 large shallots, quartered; Salt and freshly ground pepper; 2 pounds brussels sprouts, quartered; 1/2 cup white wine vinegar | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large deep skillet, cook the pancetta over moderate heat until it is slightly crisp and the fat is rendered, 8 to 10 minutes. Stir in the shallots, season with salt and pepper and cook until golden, about 10 minutes. Add the brussels sprouts and vinegar and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat to Iow, cover the pan and cook until the sprouts and shallots are tender and the pan is almost dry, 10 to 12 minutes. Transfer to a bowl and keep warm until serving.; <END>
INPUT: tart, sheet puff pastry, honey, thyme leaves, ricotta cheese
OUTPUT: TITLE: Peach Tart with Honey and Thyme | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 sheet puff pastry, thawed according to package directions; 12 ounces ripe, but not mushy peaches (about 2 peaches); 1 tablespoon honey, plus more for drizzling; 1 teaspoon fresh thyme leaves, chopped; Heaping 1/2 cup fresh ricotta cheese | INSTRUCTIONS: Put an oven rack in the lower third of the oven. Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Place the puff pastry between two sheets of parchment paper and roll it out a bit to make a 9-by-10-inch rectangle. Remove the top piece of paper. Use the tip of a sharp knife to gently score the dough, without cutting all the way through, 1 inch from the edges all the way around. Transfer to a sheet pan and store in the freezer while you prepare the peaches. Cut the peaches into 1-inch wedges. Toss them with 1 tablespoon honey. Remove the dough from the freezer, sprinkle on the thyme, and arrange the peaches i <END>
INPUT: Mexican, scented, long grain rice, coconut milk, chicken vegetable stock, vegetable oil, Zest lime
OUTPUT: TITLE: Coconut-Scented Rice | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cups long-grain white rice, rinsed; 1/2 cup coconut milk; 1/2 cup chicken or vegetable stock; 1 tablespoon vegetable oil; Zest of 1/2 lime; 1/4 bunch fresh cilantro, chopped very fine | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: rice cooker Place the rice, coconut milk, stock, oil and 2 cups water in the rice cooker. Cook according to the machine instructions. Stir in the zest and cilantro. <END>
INPUT: Asian, tropical, rolls, Asian sweet chile, lemon juice, Asian fish sauce, garlic, palm sugar sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tropical Spring Rolls with Chile Sauce | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup Asian sweet chile sauce* (preferably Mae Ploy brand); 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice; 1 tablespoon Asian fish sauce; 1 teaspoon finely chopped garlic; 1 teaspoon palm sugar* or packed brown sugar; 1 teaspoon grated peeled fresh ginger; 1 teaspoon finely chopped fresh cilantro; 1/4 teaspoon finely chopped fresh hot chile (such as Thai or serrano, preferably red), including seeds; 1 1/2 lb shrimp in shell, peeled, deveined, and coarsely chopped (1/2-inch pieces); 1/2 cup coarsely chopped fresh cilantro; 3/4 teaspoon salt; 8 Chinese spring roll wrappers*; 2 teaspoons water; 1 teaspoon cornstarch; About 1 cup vegetable oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Make chile sauce: Stir together sauce ingredients in a bowl until just combined. Chill, covered. Stir together sauce ingredients in a bowl until just combined. Chill, covered. Make spring rolls: Stir together shrimp, cilantro, and salt. Put 1 spring roll wrapper on a work surface with a corner nearest you, keeping remaining wrappers covered with plastic wrap. Spread 1/2 cup shrimp mixture across wrapper, 3 inches from bottom corner, to form a 4-inch log, leaving a 1 1/4-inch border at each end. Fold bottom corner over filling, then fold in side corners and roll up snugly to enclose shrimp. Sti <END>
INPUT: salad, beets, virgin olive oil, navel oranges, Kosher salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Beet Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 medium red beets, tops removed and scrubbed; Extra-virgin olive oil; 2 navel oranges; 1/4 cup toasted, peeled hazelnuts, chopped; Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper; 1 small wedge Pecorino Romano, for shaving | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Put a large piece of aluminum foil on a baking sheet and put the beets on it. Drizzle olive oil over them and wrap them tightly in the foil, making a packet. Roast until a knife inserted into the largest beet meets no resistance, about 1 hour to 1 hour and 15 minutes. Cool and remove the skins by rubbing the beets with a paper towel. (Gloves are a good idea to prevent staining your hands.) Cut the peel away from the oranges with a sharp knife, exposing the flesh. Hold the peeled orange in your hand and carefully slice the segments away from the membrane, drop <END>
INPUT: American, breasts, kalamata other brine, soft mild goat, thyme leaves, chicken breast halves, vegetable oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Goat Cheese and Olive-Stuffed Chicken Breasts | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 12 kalamata or other brine-cured black olives; 2 ounces soft mild goat cheese (2 tablespoons); 1 teaspoon chopped fresh thyme leaves; 4 boneless chicken breast halves with skin; 2 teaspoons vegetable oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 300 degrees. Pit and thinly slice olives. In a small bowl stir together olives, goat cheese, thyme, and salt and pepper to taste until combined well. Pat chicken dry and season with salt and pepper. To form a pocket in chicken for filling: Put a chicken breast half on a cutting board and, beginning in middle of 1 side of breast half, horizontally insert a sharp thin knife three-fourths of the way through center, moving knife in a fanning motion to create a pocket. Form pocket in remaining breast half in same manner. Divide filling between pockets and spread evenly with a finger <END>
INPUT: Cornish game hens, lemon, rosemary, olive oil, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cornish Game Hens with Garlic and Rosemary | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 1 1/4- to 1 1/2-pound Cornish game hens, giblets removed; 1 lemon, cut into 4 wedges; 4 large fresh rosemary sprigs; 3 tablespoons olive oil; 24 garlic cloves, peeled; 1/3 cup dry white wine; 1/3 cup canned low-salt chicken broth; Additional rosemary sprigs (for garnish) | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 450°F. Pat hens dry with paper towels. Season cavities lightly with salt and pepper. Place 1 lemon wedge and 1 rosemary sprig in cavity of each hen. Rub hens with 1 tablespoon oil. Season outside of hens lightly with salt and pepper. Arrange in heavy large roasting pan. Scatter garlic around hens. Roast hens 25 minutes. Reduce oven temperature to 350°F. Pour wine, broth and remaining 2 tablespoons oil over hens. Continue roasting until hens are golden brown and juices run clear when thigh is pierced at thickest part, basting every 10 minutes with pan juices, about 25 minutes lo <END>
INPUT: citrus, gravy, sage leaves, lemon zest, Salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Citrus-Sage Roast Turkey Breast with Gravy: Small Crowd | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 (5- to 6- pound) turkey breast, at room temperature for 1 hour; 1 stick (1/2 cup) unsalted butter, well softened; 1/4 cup finely chopped fresh sage leaves; 1 teaspoon grated lemon zest; Salt; Freshly ground black pepper; 1 navel orange; 1/2 medium red onion, cut into wedges; 1 1/2 to 2 cups brown turkey stock or low-sodium chicken broth; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 3 tablespoons all-purpose flour; Special equipment: Flameproof roasting pan (not glass) with a V-rack; instant-read thermometer; 1-quart glass measure | INSTRUCTIONS: Roast turkey breast: Heat oven to 425°F with rack in lowest position. Discard any excess fat from inside turkey cavity. Pat dry inside and out. Stir together butter, sage, lemon zest, 1 teaspoon salt, and 1/2 teaspoon pepper in a small bowl. Grate enough zest from orange to measure 1 teaspoon and add to butter mixture. Halve orange lengthwise and save one half for another use. Cut remaining half into wedges. Starting at wider, thicker end of breast, gently slide an index finger between skin and flesh of breast to loosen skin, leaving skin attached to breast at other end (be careful not to tear <END>
INPUT: fromage blanc, heavy cream, good honey, pure vanilla extract, lemon zest
OUTPUT: TITLE: Honey Vanilla Fromage Blanc | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 32 ounces fromage blanc; 1/4 cup heavy cream; 1/2 cup good honey; 4 teaspoons pure vanilla extract; 1/2 teaspoon freshly grated lemon zest; Vanilla seeds scraped from 1 vanilla bean; Ripe stone fruit such as peaches, nectarines, plums; Berries such as raspberries and strawberries; Citrus fruit such as oranges, cut in segments; Raspberry Sauce | INSTRUCTIONS: Stir the fromage blanc, cream, honey, vanilla extract, lemon zest, and vanilla seeds together in a medium bowl. Refrigerate until ready to use. To assemble, spoon the fromage blanc mixture into shallow bowls. Place the fruit artfully on top and drizzle the dessert with raspberry sauce. Serve with extra raspberry sauce on the side. I find that some people like it less sweet with just a drizzle of sauce while others prefer more sauce. Note: Recipe was halved for TV <END>
INPUT: Salt pepper taste, sweet potato, potato, carrot
OUTPUT: TITLE: Stuffed Breast of Veal | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 (5-pound) boned breast of veal with pocket; Salt and pepper to taste; 1 sweet potato (8 ounces), peeled and diced; 1 small white potato (4 ounces), peeled and diced; 1 small carrot, peeled and diced; 2 stalks celery, diced; 1/2 cup minced onion; 1/2 pound ground pork; 4 tablespoons olive oil; 1/2 cup cooked rice; 1/4 cup grated Locatelli; 2 hard-cooked eggs, chopped; 2 tablespoons minced fresh parsley; Salt and pepper, to taste; Olive oil, to taste | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees. Rinse the veal and pat dry. Season with salt and pepper. Make the stuffing: In a saucepan of boiling salted water, blanch the sweet potato, white potato, carrot, celery, and onion for 2 minutes. Drain and pat dry. In a skillet set over moderate heat, cook the pork in 1 tablespoon of oil, stirring, just until no longer pink. Transfer to a bowl and let cool. Add the blanched vegetables, the remaining oil, rice, cheese, eggs, parsley, and salt and pepper to the pork and stir to combine well. Fill the pocket with stuffing and seal by sewing up or securing with toot <END>
INPUT: American, bavarian, nibblers, Pretzel, water, Baker's Corner Granulated, Baker's Corner Fast, Baker's Corner All
OUTPUT: TITLE: Bavarian Pretzel Nibblers with Beer Cheese Sauce | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: Pretzel Dough:; 1/2 cup warm water, 110-115 degrees; 1/4 teaspoon Baker's Corner Granulated Sugar; 1 1/2 teaspoons Baker's Corner Fast Rising Yeast; 1 1/4 cups Baker's Corner All Purpose Flour, plus additional for dusting; 2 tablespoons Countryside Creamery Unsalted Butter, softened; 1 3/4 teaspoon ground Stonemill Sea Salt Grinder, divided, plus additional to taste; Carlini Canola Cooking Spray; 6 cups water; 1/3 cup Baker's Corner Baking Soda; Beer Cheese Sauce:; 1 cup Countryside Creamery Heavy Whipping Cream; 1/2 cup sliced yellow onion; 1/2 teaspoon ground Stonemill Sea Salt Grinder; 1/2 teaspoon ground Stonemill Peppercorn Grinder | INSTRUCTIONS: For the pretzel dough: In a large bowl, combine warm water, sugar and yeast. Mix until yeast is dissolved. Add flour, butter and 3/4 teaspoon of salt. Mix until a soft dough forms. Knead for 10 minutes. Use additional flour if dough becomes too sticky. Place in a bowl coated with cooking spray and cover with plastic wrap. Allow to rest in a warm place until doubled in size, about 30 minutes. In a medium pan, bring 6 cups water and baking soda to a boil. Preheat oven to 375 degrees. Punch down the excess air from the dough. Break off 1-inch pieces and roll into balls. Dust with flour if dough b <END>
INPUT: dressing, stuffing cubes, unsalted butter, sage sausage, onion, apples
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sage, Sausage and Apple Dressing | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 16-ounce bag stuffing cubes; 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, plus more for greasing the pan and topping; 1 pound fresh sage sausage, casing removed; 1 medium onion, chopped; 2 cooking apples, such as Gravenstein, Rome, or Golden Delicious, peeled, cored, and chopped; 1 to 2 ribs celery with leaves, chopped; 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt; 3 cups chicken broth, homemade or low-sodium canned; 1/4 cup chopped fresh flat-leaf parsley; 1/2 cup walnut pieces, toasted (See Note); 2 eggs, beaten | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat oven to 325 degrees F. Put the stuffing cubes in a large bowl and set aside. Butter a 3-quart casserole dish. Melt 2 tablespoons of butter in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Add the sausage and break up with a wooden spoon. Cook until it loses most of its pink color, but not so much that it's dry, about 5 minutes. Add the sausage and pan drippings to the stuffing cubes. Melt the remaining butter in the pan. Add the onion, apple, celery, and salt. Cook until the vegetables get soft, about 5 minutes. Add the broth and parsley and bring to a boil. Pou <END>
INPUT: cups, mousse, seedless cucumbers, cream cheese, smoked salmon, Several drops lemon, Several drops orange
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cucumber Cups with Salmon Mousse | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 10 seedless cucumbers, each about 10 ounces and 11 inches long, ends trimmed; 18 ounces cream cheese, at room temperature; 2 ounces smoked salmon; Several drops freshly squeezed lemon juice; Several drops orange blossom water; Pinch hot paprika; 2 to 3 tablespoons heavy cream; Freshly ground white pepper, to taste; Coriander sprigs, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: If cucumbers are waxed, peel them. Cut each crosswise into 5 (1 3/4-inch) pieces. With a small melon baller, carefully scoop out the insides of each piece, leaving a 1/4-inch border around the edge and a 1/2-inch border on the bottom. The cucumber cups may be prepared up to 4 hours in advance, arranged on damp paper towels, tightly covered and refrigerated. In the bowl of a food processor, combine the cream cheese, smoked salmon, lemon juice, orange water, paprika, cream and white paper and process until smooth. Chill for at least 30 minutes. To assemble spoon salmon mousse into a piping bag f <END>
INPUT: spanish, vegetable oil, onion, garlic, turmeric, tomato
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spanish Shrimp and Rice | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons vegetable oil; 1 small onion, chopped; 2 cloves garlic, chopped; 1/2 teaspoon turmeric; 1 medium tomato, chopped; 1 small carrot, diced; 1/2 red bell pepper, diced; Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper; 1 pound large shrimp, peeled and deveined; 1 1/2 cups converted white rice; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh parsley; 1/2 cup frozen peas, thawed; Hot sauce, for serving (optional) | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat the vegetable oil in a large, deep skillet over medium heat. Add the onion, garlic and turmeric and cook until the onion is slightly softened, about 3 minutes. Add the tomato, carrot and bell pepper and cook, stirring occasionally, until tender, about 5 minutes. Sprinkle with 3/4 teaspoon salt, and pepper to taste. Add the shrimp and cook, stirring occasionally, until they begin to turn pink, about 1 minute. Add the rice, 2 cups water and 1/2 tablespoon parsley; bring to a boil. Reduce the heat to medium low, cover and simmer until the rice is tender, 15 to 20 minutes. Remove from the hea <END>
INPUT: mayonnaise, sour cream, onion, Spice Islands® Parsley, Spice Islands® Beau
OUTPUT: TITLE: Beau Monde Dip | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2/3 cup mayonnaise; 2/3 cup sour cream; 1 tablespoon chopped green onion; 1 tablespoon Spice Islands® Parsley; 1/2 teaspoon Spice Islands® Beau Monde Seasoning; 1/2 teaspoon Spice Islands® Dill Weed | INSTRUCTIONS: Mix mayonnaise, sour cream, green onion, parsley, Beau Monde Seasoning, and dill weed in a small bowl. Cover and chill a minimum of 30 minutes to blend flavors. <END>
INPUT: caribbean, beans, onion, balsamic vinegar, olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Caribbean Rice and Beans | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 15-ounce can black beans, rinsed, drained; 1/2 large red onion, very thinly sliced; 2 tablespoons balsamic vinegar*; 1 tablespoon olive oil; 1 white onion, finely chopped; 4 large garlic cloves, chopped; 1 cup Arborio rice*; 3 1/2 cups canned unsalted chicken broth; 1/2 cup dry white wine; 2 large bay leaves; 1/2 teaspoon turmeric; 1/8 teaspoon (or more) cayenne pepper; Balsamic vinegar and Arborio rice are available at specialty foods stores, Italian markets and some supermarkets | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine first 3 ingredients in medium bowl. Let stand 30 minutes, stirring occasionally. Season with salt and pepper. Meanwhile, heat oil in heavy medium saucepan over high heat. Add onion and garlic and sauté until translucent, about 5 minutes. Add rice and stir 1 minute to coat with onion mixture. Add broth, wine, bay leaves, turmeric and cayenne pepper and blend well. Bring mixture to boil; stir well. Reduce heat to medium and simmer until rice is tender and mixture is creamy, stirring occasionally, about 25 minutes. Season to taste with salt, pepper and cayenne. Spoon rice onto platter. Ar <END>
INPUT: Italian, paillard, vinaigrette, fillets salmon, ginger, shallots, rice wine vinegar, lemon juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Paillard of Salmon with a Ginger Shallot Vinaigrette, Baby Greens with Papaya and Basil | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 3 fillets of salmon, or 1 1/2 pounds; 1 tablespoon ginger; 2 tablespoons shallots; 2 tablespoons rice wine vinegar; 1 tablespoon lemon juice; 2 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil; Salt and pepper; 3 cups washed mixed baby greens; 1 papaya, peeled, seeded, and finely diced; 1/4 cup washed, dried basil leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat broiler, cut salmon into thin slices, arrange 1/6 of the slices on a sheet of plastic wrap, cover with a second piece of plastic wrap and pound out salmon to 1/4-inch thickness. Transfer paillard to a plate, repeat with remaining salmon. Combine all vinaigrette ingredients, season paillards, drizzle entire surface with vinaigrette. Place plate under broiler for one minute or until salmon just turns opaque. Remove plate, cool 1 minute, dress greens with remaining vinaigrette, add papaya and basil and place small handful of salad at the center of each plate <END>
INPUT: grown, JDK&Sons™ Crave Chocolate, Hot chocolate, Whipped cream
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grown-Up Chili Hot Chocolate | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 parts JDK&Sons™ Crave Chocolate Chili Liqueur; Hot chocolate; Whipped cream (optional) | INSTRUCTIONS: Pour liqueur in a warmed coffee mug and add hot chocolate to taste. Top with whipped cream. Drink Responsibly. JDK & Sons™ Crave Liqueur, 15% Alc./Vol. ©2012 John DeKuyper & Son, Frankfort; Clermont, KY <END>
INPUT: cold, soup, beets, scallions, cucumber, horseradish, wine vinegar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cold Beet and Cucumber Soup | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 medium beets, trimmed; 3 to 4 scallions, chopped; 1 cucumber, peeled, seeded, chopped; 1 teaspoon grated fresh horseradish; 1 tablespoon wine vinegar; 1 cup beet juice; 1 cup chicken broth; Salt and freshly ground pepper; 1 cup sour cream; Handful fresh dill sprigs | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook beets in large pot of boiling water until very tender and knife pierces through to the center easily, about 50 minutes. Drain beets; cool slightly. Peel and coarsely chop. Transfer beets, scallions, cucumbers, horseradish, and wine vinegar to food processor. Add some of the liquids to blend. Puree, but not too fine. Thin to desired consistency with beet juice and broth. Transfer to bowl, season, and chill several hours. Check seasoning before serving. Pour into individual bowls and garnish with spoonful of sour cream and sprinkling of dill. Can be made up to 3 days in advance, covered, ch <END>
INPUT: warmer, boiling water, tea, orange juice, superfine sugar, Grand Marnier Cointreau
OUTPUT: TITLE: Orange Warmer | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 cups boiling water; 6 teaspoons tea; 6 cups orange juice; 1/2 cup superfine sugar; 1 cup Grand Marnier or Cointreau; Orange slices, halved; Whole cloves | INSTRUCTIONS: Pour the boiling water over the tea and steep for 3 minutes. Strain into a punch bowl. Meanwhile, heat the orange juice with the sugar, stirring until the sugar is dissolved. Add to the punch bowl, together with the Grand Marnier or Cointreau. Garnish with orange slices studded with whole cloves. If preferred, this punch may be served from a chaffing dish over medium heat. Pour the boiling water over the tea and steep for 3 minutes. Strain into a punch bowl. Meanwhile, heat the orange juice with the sugar, stirring until the sugar is dissolved. Add to the punch bowl, together with the Grand Ma <END>
INPUT: cherry, loaf, rolled oats, milk, self rising wholegrain, baking powder, cherries
OUTPUT: TITLE: Apple, Dried Cherry and Almond Loaf | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup rolled oats; 1 1/4 cups milk; 2 cups self-rising or wholegrain flour; 1 teaspoon baking powder; 4 1/2 ounces dried cherries; 1 1/2 ounces dried apples, diced; 1/3 cup soft brown sugar; 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 3 tablespoons honey, plus more for garnish; 1 egg, lightly beaten; 5 tablespoons coarsely chopped almonds; Fresh ricotta; Honey, for drizzling | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: 1 (9 by 5 by 2 3/4-inch) loaf pan Put the oats in a bowl, pour over the milk, and leave them to soak for 30 minutes. Preheat an oven to 350 degrees F. Lightly grease and line the loaf pan with parchment paper, and set aside. Sift the flour and baking powder into a bowl. Then, stir in the rolled oats, dried cherries, dried apples, sugar, cinnamon, honey, egg and 3 tablespoons almonds, mixing everything together well. Spoon the mixture into the loaf pan, leveling the top, and sprinkling over the remaining almonds. Bake the loaf until the crust is golden brown and the interior  <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, herb, onions, dill, cilantro, mint, coriander seeds
OUTPUT: TITLE: Herb-Roasted Salmon, Potatoes, Carrots, and Sugar Snap Peas | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 2 green onions, chopped; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh dill; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh mint; 1 tablespoon coriander seeds; 4 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, divided, plus additional for brushing; 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, divided; 2 garlic cloves, pressed, divided; 1 teaspoon finely grated lemon peel, divided; 4 6-ounce salmon fillets (preferably wild); 1/2 cup plain whole-milk yogurt; 1 tablespoon tahini (sesame seed paste)*; 12 ounces fingerling potatoes, scrubbed, halved lengthwise; 1 bunch baby carrots, trimmed; 8 ounces sugar snap peas, strings removed | INSTRUCTIONS: Toss green onions, dill, cilantro, and mint in small bowl. Set herb mixture aside. Toast coriander seeds in small dry skillet over medium heat until slightly darker in color and fragrant, about 2 minutes. Cool. Crush in mortar with pestle, or place in plastic bag and coarsely crush with mallet or rolling pin. Whisk 1 tablespoon oil, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, 1 garlic clove, 1/2 teaspoon lemon peel, and half of crushed coriander in 11x7x2-inch glass baking dish. Sprinkle salmon with salt and pepper; add to baking dish and turn to coat. Let salmon marinate at least 15 minutes and up to 30 minute <END>
INPUT: herbed, frittata, virgin olive oil, mixed mushrooms, Kosher salt pepper, scallions, flat leaf parsley
OUTPUT: TITLE: Herbed Gorgonzola Mushroom Frittata | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil; 1 pound mixed mushrooms, (such as shiitake, cremini, or oyster), thinly sliced; Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper; 4 scallions, white and green thinly sliced; 1 cup chopped flat-leaf parsley, plus 1 tablespoon; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh tarragon leaves; 12 large eggs, beaten; 1/2 cup mushroom broth (see cook's note); 1 1/2 teaspoons kosher salt; Freshly ground black pepper; 2/3 cup crumbled gorgonzola (about 2 ounces) | INSTRUCTIONS: Position a rack 6 inches below a broiler's heating element, and preheat. Heat a large heatproof nonstick skillet over medium-high heat, add the olive oil. Add the mushrooms, tossing briefly, and then cook until browned, about 12 to 15 minutes. Toss in the scallions once the mushrooms begin to brown, about 2/3 of the way of cooking. Stir in 1 cup parsley and tarragon. Meanwhile, whisk the eggs with the mushroom broth and season with salt and pepper. Sprinkle in gorgonzola and stir gently to combine. Reduce heat to medium and pour the eggs into the skillet, stirring gently so that the mushrooms  <END>
INPUT: salad, puree, carrots, honey, Salt pepper, bacon, maple syrup
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pan Seared Scallops with Crab Salad and Carrot Puree | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 8 ounces carrots, peeled and chopped; 1 teaspoon honey; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 5 strips bacon; 1 1/2 cups maple syrup; 1 tablespoon cornstarch, optional; 1 pound crab claw meat; 1/4 cup julienned apple; 1/4 cup julienned carrot; 1/4 cup mayonnaise; 2 tablespoons lemon juice; 2 tablespoons diced red onion; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 6 scallops (size U8), dry pack; Salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: For the puree: In a small saucepot, bring 4 cups water to a boil. Add the chopped carrots, and boil until soft. Strain the carrots and reserve 1 cup of the cooking liquid. Place the carrots in a blender with the honey, and puree. Adjust the consistency with the reserved cooking liquid. Season with salt and pepper, and cool completely. For the syrup: In a saute pan, cook the bacon until crispy. Remove the bacon from the pan and drain on paper towels. Then chop the bacon and add it to a small saucepot with the maple syrup, and bring to a simmer. Reduce the syrup to a volume of 1 cup. If the syru <END>
INPUT: Mexican, tacos, Curly's Sauceless Pork, onion, packet taco seasoning, water, Taco Shells
OUTPUT: TITLE: Easy Pork Tacos | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 package Curly's Sauceless Pork (or Curly's Sauceless Chicken if preferred); 1 medium onion chopped; 1 packet of taco seasoning; 1 cup water; 1 package Taco Shells (hard or soft); Optional Toppings: Lettuce, Onion, Tomato, Salsa, Cheese, Avocado | INSTRUCTIONS: In large skillet, heat Curly's Sauceless Pork and onion over medium heat until onion is tender. (approximately 5 minutes) Add in taco seasoning and water, bring to a simmer. Reduce heat to low and allow liquid to reduce. Spoon Curly's Sauceless Pork mixture into taco shells and add desired toppings. Alternate recipe option - toss Pork with 1/2 cup BBQ sauce instead of using taco seasoning. <END>
INPUT: bread, Carlini Canola, bananas, avocado, SimplyNature Organic Coconut, Baker's Corner Granulated
OUTPUT: TITLE: Coconut Oil Avocado-Banana Bread | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Carlini Canola Cooking Spray; 3 bananas; 1 avocado; ¼ cup SimplyNature Organic Coconut Oil; ¾ cup Baker's Corner Granulated Sugar; 1 Goldhen Large Egg; 1 teaspoon Stonemill Pure Vanilla; 1½ cups Baker's Corner All Purpose Flour; 1 teaspoon Baker's Corner Baking Powder; 1 teaspoon Baker's Corner Baking Soda | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350°. Coat an 8-inch loaf pan with cooking spray. In a medium bowl, mash the bananas and avocado. In a separate bowl, combine the coconut oil and sugar. Add the egg and vanilla, mixing until thoroughly combined. In a separate bowl, combine the flour, baking powder and baking soda. Add to the egg mixture, stirring until almost fully combined. Add the banana/avocado mixture. Stir until everything is fully incorporated. Pour into prepared pan. Bake for 1 hour. Allow to cool before slicing. <END>
INPUT: sandwich bread, onion, celery including some, tart apples Granny
OUTPUT: TITLE: Crown Roast of Pork with Apple Stuffing | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 slices firm white sandwich bread, cut into 1-inch squares; 3/4 stick (6 tablespoons) unsalted butter; 1/2 cup finely chopped onion; 1/2 cup finely chopped celery including some leaves; 11/2 lb tart apples such as Granny Smith, peeled and cut into 1/4-inch-thick wedges; 1/3 cup sugar; 1 teaspoon salt; 1/2 teaspoon black pepper; 1 teaspoon chopped fresh sage or 1/4 teaspoon dried sage; 1 teaspoon chopped fresh thyme or 1/4 teaspoon dried thyme; 1/4 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg; Pinch of cinnamon; 1/4 cup chopped fresh parsley; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh chives; 1 (9- to 11-lb) crown roast of pork, rib ends frenched | INSTRUCTIONS: Make stuffing: Preheat oven to 350°F. Spread bread squares in 1 layer in a shallow baking pan and bake in middle of oven until dry and lightly toasted, about 15 minutes. Leave oven on (for roast) and cool bread. Cook onion and celery in butter in a 12-inch heavy skillet over moderate heat, stirring occasionally, until softened, 4 to 5 minutes. Stir in apples, sugar, salt, pepper, sage, thyme, nutmeg, and cinnamon. Reduce heat to low, then cook, covered, stirring, until apples are tender, about 15 minutes. Stir in bread squares, parsley, and chives. Preheat oven to 350°F. Spread bread squares i <END>
INPUT: soup, butter, breadcrumbs, shallots, russet potatoes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Horseradish Soup | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 5 tablespoons butter; 1/4 cup fresh white breadcrumbs; 1/4 cup minced shallots; 6 cups (or more) canned vegetable broth; 1 pound russet potatoes, peeled, cut into 1/2-inch cubes; 8 ounces fresh horseradish, peeled, finely grated (about 1 1/4 cups); 2 tablespoons olive oil; 4 ounces pumpernickel bread slices, cut into small cubes; 4 ounces smoked turkey, cut into small cubes | INSTRUCTIONS: Melt butter in heavy large saucepan over medium-high heat. Add breadcrumbs and shallots and sauté 1 minute (do not brown). Add 6 cups broth, potatoes and horseradish are very tender, about 1 hour. Puree soup in batches in blender. Return soup to saucepan. Season to taste with salt and pepper. (Can be prepared 1 day ahead. Cover and refrigerate.) Heat oil in heavy large skillet over medium-high heat. Add bread crumbs and turkey; sauté until bread is crisp and turkey is heated through, about 5 minutes. Bring soup to simmer, thinning with more vegetable broth if necessary. Ladle soup into bowls.  <END>
INPUT: egg noodles, peas, sea scallops, salt, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Seared Scallops with Creamy Noodles and Peas | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 8 ounces medium egg noodles; 1 cup frozen peas; 3/4 pound large sea scallops (about 15; tough ligament removed from side of each if attached), halved horizontally; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 1/4 teaspoon black pepper; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1/2 cup dry white wine; 2 tablespoons water; 2/3 cup heavy cream; 1/4 cup chopped fresh chives | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook noodles in a large pot of boiling salted water , uncovered, until almost al dente, about 5 minutes, then stir in peas and cook until noodles are al dente, about 2 minutes more. Drain in a colander, then transfer to a platter and keep warm, loosely covered with foil. While noodles cook, pat scallops dry and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Heat butter in a 12-inch heavy skillet over moderately high heat until foam subsides, then add scallops. Increase heat to high and sear scallops, turning over once, until golden brown and just cooked through, 2 minutes total. Transfer to platter with noodl <END>
INPUT: salad, wine vinegar, eggs, trimmed frisee, bacon, wine balsamic vinegar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Bacon and Egg Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Splash of white wine vinegar; 2 eggs; About 4 ounces/250 g trimmed frisee; 4 slices bacon, cut into small pieces (about 4 ounces/110 g); About 3 tablespoons red wine or balsamic vinegar; 1 to 2 tablespoons olive oil; Fleur de sel and freshly ground pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring a shallow pan of water to a boil. Add the white wine vinegar. Reduce the heat to a simmer and stir to get the liquid moving in one direction, like a whirlpool. Break in the eggs, one at a time. Poach until the white is set, but the yolk still runny inside, 2 to 3 minutes. Lift them out with a slotted spoon, and set them on paper towel to drain. (You can trim the edges a little if you want to). Turn off the water, and cover to keep warm for reheating the eggs. Wash the frisee and spin dry. Fry the bacon in a saute pan or wok until crisp, about 5 minutes. Deglaze the pan with the red wine  <END>
INPUT: Asian, candy, sesame seeds, pumpkin seeds, sunflower seeds, water, honey
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sesame Honey Candy | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup sesame seeds; 1/4 cup pumpkin seeds (shelled); 1/4 cup sunflower seeds (shelled); 2 tablespoons water; 1/2 cup honey; 1/2 cup sugar; Non-stick spray | INSTRUCTIONS: In a saute pan, toast the seeds over medium heat for 2 minutes until golden (the pumpkins will pop). Combine the water, honey, and sugar in a saucepan. Over high heat, bring the syrup to 240 degrees F. Add the seeds and bring the syrup to hard crack (250 degrees F). Spritz a cookie sheet with non-stick spray and pour the syrup onto it. After a few minutes, score the candy into 2 by 1/2-inch bars. Let harden, and then cut into bars. <END>
INPUT: pulled, pork, apple cider vinegar, Brussels sprouts, mayonnaise, buttermilk, lemon juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pulled Pork Sliders with Brussels Sprouts Slaw | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup apple cider vinegar; 12 ounces shaved Brussels sprouts (about 3 cups); 1/4 cup mayonnaise; 2 tablespoons buttermilk; 4 teaspoons lemon juice; 1 tablespoon sugar; 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard; 1/2 teaspoon celery salt; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 tablespoons paprika; 2 tablespoons smoked paprika; 1 tablespoon onion powder; 1 tablespoon garlic powder; 1 tablespoon cumin; 1 teaspoon cayenne | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: a 6-quart slow cooker and an immersion blender For the Brussels sprouts slaw: Heat a large skillet or saucepan over medium heat and add the vinegar. When it begins to simmer, add the Brussels sprouts. Cook until the sprouts are just soft, about 5 minutes, then remove from the heat. In a large bowl, combine the mayonnaise, buttermilk, lemon juice, sugar, mustard, celery salt, 1/4 teaspoon salt and a dash of pepper. Whisk until blended and smooth. Add the Brussels sprouts and toss to coat. Refrigerate at least 4 hours, preferably overnight. For the pulled pork sliders: In a me <END>
INPUT: lemonade, hot water, lemon juice, empty honey bear
OUTPUT: TITLE: Honey Lemonade | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup hot water; 3 tablespoons lemon juice; 1 almost-empty 12-ounce honey bear jar | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine the hot water and lemon juice in the honey bear jar and shake to combine. Serve over ice and allow to sit for 1 minute so the mixture cools. Serve immediately. <END>
INPUT: Italian, lightened, Kosher salt, wheat penne, Greek yogurt, heavy cream, olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lightened-Up Penne a la Vodka | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: Kosher salt; 12 ounces whole-wheat penne; 1/4 cup 2-percent Greek yogurt; 1/4 cup heavy cream; 1 tablespoon olive oil; 1 small shallot, minced; 2 cloves garlic, minced; 1/4 teaspoon red pepper flakes; One 28-ounce can crushed tomatoes; 1/3 cup vodka; 1/2 cup grated Parmesan; 1/2 cup loosely packed Italian flat-leaf parsley leaves, chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add the penne and cook according to package directions. Drain, reserving 1 cup of the cooking water. Whisk the yogurt with the cream in a measuring cup and set aside. Meanwhile, heat the oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Add the shallots and 1/2 teaspoon salt and cook, stirring occasionally, until slightly softened, about 3 minutes. Add the garlic and red pepper flakes and cook, stirring, for 30 seconds. Remove from the heat and stir in the tomatoes and vodka. Return the skillet to medium heat, bring to a simmer, and cook, stirring often, unt <END>
INPUT: American, sandwich, split biscuit, Barbecue sauce, turkey, Bread butter pickles
OUTPUT: TITLE: Barbecue Turkey Sandwich | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 split warm biscuit; Barbecue sauce; Sliced turkey; Bread-and-butter pickles | INSTRUCTIONS: Build a sandwich with biscuit, sauce, turkey, and pickles. Build a sandwich with biscuit, sauce, turkey, and pickles. <END>
INPUT: French, pizza, Four, Olive oil, Kosher salt pepper, naan un split, Peach Moonshine Jam
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Chicken, Peach and Brie Pizza | CUISINE: French | INGREDIENTS: Four 6- to 8-ounce boneless, skinless chicken breasts; Olive oil, for drizzling and brushing; Kosher salt and coarsely ground black pepper; 4 naan or un-split pitas; 12 ounces Peach and Moonshine Jam, recipe follows; 6 ounces double-cream brie, rind removed, sliced; 2 pounds peeled and chopped white peaches; 1/2 cup sugar; 2 tablespoons minced fresh ginger; 1/3 cup moonshine; 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice; 1 1/2 teaspoons grated lemon zest | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Set the chicken breasts on a baking sheet. Drizzle with olive oil and sprinkle generously with salt and pepper. Transfer to the oven and roast until just beginning to brown on top, about 25 minutes (the chicken will finish cooking on top of the pizza). Let cool, then cut into 1/4-inch slices. While the chicken cools, heat a grill pan over medium heat. Add a naan to the pan and weight it with a heavy skillet. Grill until nicely charred, 3 to 4 minutes; flip, and grill for another 3 to 4 minutes. Repeat with the remaining naan. Re <END>
INPUT: bell peppers, Olive oil, Salt pepper, link hot Italian
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sausage and Peppers | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 5 red bell peppers, quartered, seeded; 5 yellow bell peppers, quartered, seeded; Olive oil; Salt and pepper; 3 pounds link hot Italian sausage; 3 pounds link sweet Italian sausage | INSTRUCTIONS: Brush peppers with oil, season with salt and pepper and grill. Grill sausage until cooked through. <END>
INPUT: Asian, crisp, crusted, silken tofu, lemongrass stem, bird's eye chile, garlic, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Crisp Silken Tofu Crusted in Lemongrass and Chile: Dau Hu Xa Ot | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 16 ounces silken or firm tofu; 1 lemongrass stem, white part only, finely chopped; 1 bird's eye chile, finely chopped* (See Cook's Note); 1 tablespoon minced garlic; 1 teaspoon salt; 1 teaspoon sugar; 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 1 tablespoon vegetable oil; 3 fresh coriander (cilantro) sprigs; Jasmine rice, to serve | INSTRUCTIONS: Drain the block of tofu and slice into 2-inch by 4-inch pieces, then leave on the chopping board or transfer to a tray. In a bowl, add the lemongrass, chile, garlic, salt, sugar, and pepper. Mix all the ingredients together. With a sharp knife, cut an "x" 1/3 deep on the top of each square, then gently stuff the tofu squares with the mixture. Heat a large frying pan over the medium-high heat. Add the oil and pan-fry each side of the tofu for 3 minutes, or until browned and crisp. Garnish the fried tofu with coriander (cilantro) sprigs and serve with jasmine rice. <END>
INPUT: blackberry, sundae, pecans, premium vanilla ice, Caramel Sauce, Blackberries, whipped cream
OUTPUT: TITLE: Crushed Blackberry Sundae with Toasted Pecans, Caramel Sauce, and Whipped Cream | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup pecans; 1 quart premium vanilla ice cream; Caramel Sauce, recipe follows; Crushed Blackberries, recipe follows; Freshly whipped cream; 1 cup heavy cream; 1/2 vanilla bean, split in 1/2 lengthwise and seeds scraped; 1 1/2 cups sugar; 1/2 cup water; 1 tablespoon cold unsalted butter; Pinch salt; 2 pints blackberries; 1/4 cup sugar; 1/4 cup cassis liqueur | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Spread the pecans evenly on a baking sheet and toast in the oven for 8 to 10 minutes. Remove and let cool before coarsely chopping. Place a scoop of ice cream in a parfait glass and top with caramel sauce, crushed blackberries, and pecans. Repeat 2 more times and then top with a large dollop of whipped cream. Place the heavy cream and vanilla bean and seeds in a small saucepan and bring to a simmer over medium heat. Remove the cream from the heat and let sit while making the caramel. Whisk together the sugar and water in a medium non-reactive saucepan over hi <END>
INPUT: butter, olive oil, onion, zucchini, mushrooms
OUTPUT: TITLE: Baked Stuffed Lemon Sole | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 tablespoons butter; 3 tablespoons olive oil; 1 small onion, chopped; 1 small zucchini, unpeeled and chopped; 1/2 cup chopped fresh mushrooms; 1/2 pound sea scallops, chopped; 1/2 pound small ("salad size") peeled and deveined shrimp (if using larger shrimp, coarsely chop); 1 1/2 teaspoons seafood seasoning blend (recommended: Old Bay); 1 3/4 cups crushed cracker crumbs (about 1 1/4 sleeves of crackers) (recommended: Ritz); Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 8 thin lemon sole or other whitefish fillets, such as haddock (about 2 pounds total); 2 tablespoons butter, melted; Lemon wedges | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large skillet, heat the butter and oil. Add the onion, zucchini, and mushrooms. Cook over medium-high heat, stirring often, until the vegetables are softened and lightly browned, about 6 minutes. Add the scallops, shrimp and seafood seasoning and cook, stirring, until the seafood is just cooked through, 3 to 4 minutes. Remove from the heat. Add the cracker crumbs and season to taste with salt and pepper. (The stuffing can be made up to 1 day ahead and refrigerated. Leftover stuffing can be frozen. Bring to room temperature or take the chill off in the microwave before stuffing the fish.)  <END>
INPUT: Indian, unsweetened coconut milk, lime juice, curry powder, ginger, Salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Coconut Curry Shrimp | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: One 14-ounce can unsweetened coconut milk (not low-fat); 1 tablespoon fresh lime juice; 1 tablespoon curry powder; 2 teaspoons minced ginger; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 pound large shrimp, peeled and deveined; Lime wedges, for serving | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large pot whisk together the coconut milk, lime juice, curry powder and ginger. Slowly bring to a low boil over low heat. Simmer for until slightly reduced and thickened, about 7 to 10 minutes. Taste for seasoning and add salt and or pepper, if needed. Add the shrimp and simmer, covered, until the shrimp are fully cooked, about 12 to 15 minutes. Transfer the curry to a serving bowl and serve with lime wedges. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, southwestern, cakes, salsa, onions, bell peppers, cilantro leaves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Southwestern Black Bean Cakes with Salsa, Fresh Cilantro, and Key Lime Peppered Mayonnaise | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2 (15-ounce) cans black beans, drained and rinsed well; 2 tablespoons salsa, plus more for serving; 2 tablespoons finely diced green onions; 3/4 cup diced red bell peppers; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh cilantro leaves, plus more for garnish; 1 1/2 cups bread crumbs; 3 large cloves garlic; 2 teaspoons bacon chipotle sauce (recommended: Bob's Bacon Chipotle Sauce); 2 teaspoons peanut oil, plus more as needed; 1 1/2 cups finely crushed tortilla chips; 1 teaspoon ground cumin; Store bought salsa; Key Lime Peppered Mayonnaise, recipe follows; Lime twists, for garnish; 1 cup mayonnaise | INSTRUCTIONS: Coat pan with 2 teaspoons peanut oil. Combine beans, salsa, green onions, peppers, cilantro, bread crumbs, garlic, and chipotle sauce in a large bowl and mix well, mashing up the beans. Form 12 small patties (about the diameter of a silver dollar and 3/4 to 1-inch thick) and roll in tortilla breading. Heat 2 teaspoons peanut oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Fry patties, in batches as necessary, until golden brown and heated through. Serve on bed of salsa or cover with salsa and fresh cilantro. Add a small dollop of Peppered Lime Mayonnaise on top and garnish with a twist on lime. Combi <END>
INPUT: floats, size peaches, peach ice cream, crème de cassis, brut Champagne sparkling
OUTPUT: TITLE: White Peach, Cassis, and Champagne Floats | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 medium-size white peaches, halved, pitted, each half cut into 4 wedges; 2 pints peach ice cream; 3/4 cup crème de cassis (black-currant liqueur) plus additional for drizzling; 2 cups chilled brut Champagne or sparkling wine | INSTRUCTIONS: Place 3 peach wedges in bottom of each of 6 tall glasses. Top with 1 scoop ice cream, then another 3 peach wedges. Add second scoop ice cream and top with 2 more peach wedges. Drizzle each with 2 tablespoons crème de cassis. Pour 1/3 cup Champagne into each glass. Top with 1 scoop ice cream, drizzle with additional crème de cassis, and serve. Place 3 peach wedges in bottom of each of 6 tall glasses. Top with 1 scoop ice cream, then another 3 peach wedges. Add second scoop ice cream and top with 2 more peach wedges. Drizzle each with 2 tablespoons crème de cassis. Pour 1/3 cup Champagne into ea <END>
INPUT: sage, lemon zest, paprika, turkey
OUTPUT: TITLE: Turkey with Lemon-Sage Butter | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup (1 stick) unsalted butter, room temperature, plus 1/4 cup (1/2 stick), melted, for basting; 1/4 cup finely chopped fresh sage; 2 teaspoons freshly grated lemon zest; 1 teaspoon paprika; 1 12-14-pound turkey, patted dry; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 lemons, quartered | INSTRUCTIONS: Set a rack inside a large heavy roasting pan. Mash 1/2 cup butter, sage, lemon zest, and paprika in a bowl to combine. Starting at neck end of turkey, loosen the skin of the breast by gently sliding your fingers underneath. Work half of lemon-sage butter under skin. Loosen skin around legs and thighs; work remaining lemonsage butter under skin. Season turkey inside and out with salt and pepper and stuff with lemons. Transfer turkey, breast side down, to prepared pan and refrigerate, uncovered, overnight. Let turkey stand at room temperature for 1 hour. Preheat oven to 375°F. Pour hot water int <END>
INPUT: American, sliders, dinner rolls, tomato, onion, Your favorite kind
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tilapia Sliders | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 (14 oz) package SeaPak® Tilapia Tenders; 6 prepared dinner rolls; 1 tomato, sliced; 1 onion, sliced; Your favorite kind of cheese, sliced; Your preferred sauce, try Ketchup, Honey Mustard, Buffalo Sauce or Mayo | INSTRUCTIONS: PREHEAT oven to 425 degrees F. PLACE the frozen tilapia tenders on a baking sheet and bake according to the package instructions. SLICE each roll in half to create a top and bottom bun. PLACE one fully cooked tilapia tender on the bottom-half of each roll. TOP with cheese, lettuce, onion, tomato and sauce, as desired. FINISH the sliders by adding the top bun, and enjoy! <END>
INPUT: Italian, pasta, sauce, Kosher salt, blanched almonds, lightly basil, San Marzano tomatoes, broccoli
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pasta With Roasted Broccoli and Almond-Tomato Sauce | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: Kosher salt; 1/2 cup blanched almonds; 1 cup lightly packed fresh basil; 1 28-ounce can whole San Marzano tomatoes; 1 head broccoli, florets and some stems, cut into 1 1/2-inch pieces; Freshly ground pepper; 12 ounces bucatini or spaghetti; 2 cloves garlic; 1/2 cup extra-virgin olive oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F. Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Put 2 pieces of foil side by side on a baking sheet. Put the almonds on one piece of foil and the broccoli on the other. Transfer to the oven; roast until the almonds are lightly toasted, about 7 minutes. Remove the foil with the almonds. Continue roasting the broccoli until tender, about 7 more minutes. Season the broccoli with salt and pepper and transfer to a large bowl. Add the pasta to the boiling water and cook as the label directs. Meanwhile, pulse the almonds in a food processor until finely chopped; with t <END>
INPUT: Mexican, crusted, fish, unripe bananas, unsalted butter, vegetable oil, cumin
OUTPUT: TITLE: Peanut-Crusted Fish Fillets with Fried Bananas | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 4 unripe bananas; 4 tablespoons unsalted butter; 2 tablespoons vegetable oil; 4 (6 to 8-ounce) skinless flounder or orange roughy fillets; 1 teaspoon ground cumin; 2 large eggs; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1 1/3 cups finely chopped unsalted peanuts; 3 tablespoons fresh lime juice; Lime wedges, as an accompaniment | INSTRUCTIONS: Peel the bananas and cut them lengthwise into 1/4-inch-thick slices. In a large ovenproof skillet heat 2 tablespoons of the butter and the oil over moderately high heat until the foam subsides, saute the banana slices for 1 minute on each side, or until they are golden, and transfer them with a spatula to a plate. Pat the fish dry and sprinkle it with the cumin and salt and pepper, to taste. Have ready in 1 shallow dish the egg beaten with the salt, in another shallow dish, the peanuts. Dip each fillet in the egg mixture, letting the excess drip off, and dredge it in the peanuts. To the skille <END>
INPUT: blanched hazelnuts, Brussels sprouts, virgin olive oil, shallot, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sauteed Brussels Sprouts with Hazelnuts | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup blanched hazelnuts; 1 1/2 pounds Brussels sprouts, trimmed; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1 small shallot, finely chopped; 1 clove garlic, minced; 2 tablespoons pure maple syrup; Kosher salt and cracked black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Spread the hazelnuts on a baking sheet and bake until golden, 6 to 8 minutes. Let cool, then chop. Halve the Brussels sprouts lengthwise and thinly slice them crosswise into fine ribbons. You should have about 6 cups. In a large skillet set over medium-high heat, heat the olive oil. Add the shallot and cook 1 minute. Add the garlic and cook 30 seconds. Add the Brussels sprouts and cook, stirring, until tender, about 5 minutes. Add the maple syrup and hazelnuts and cook 1 minute. Season with salt and pepper to taste and serve hot. Photograph by Ryan Liebe <END>
INPUT: balsamic vinegar, canola oil, Spanish onions, Salt pepper, ancho chile powder
OUTPUT: TITLE: Balsamic Onion Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup balsamic vinegar; 2 tablespoons canola oil; 2 large Spanish onions, halved and thinly sliced; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 teaspoon ancho chile powder; 1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1/4 cup ketchup; 1 teaspoon hot sauce | INSTRUCTIONS: Put the vinegar, oil, onions and some salt and pepper in a medium skillet over medium heat. Cook, stirring frequently, until the onions are very soft and soupy, about 15 minutes. Stir in the chile powder and cinnamon and cook for 1 minute. Add the ketchup, 1/2 cup water, the hot sauce, 1/2 teaspoon salt and 1/4 teaspoon black pepper and bring to a simmer. Simmer, stirring occasionally, until thickened, about 10 minutes. Transfer to a bowl and cool to room temperature before serving. <END>
INPUT: nutmeg, garlic, sage, pork tenderloins, Kosher salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pork with Squash and Apples | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg; 1 1/2 teaspoons minced garlic (about 2 large cloves); 2 tablespoons chopped fresh sage; 2 1-pound pork tenderloins, trimmed; Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper; 1 small butternut squash, peeled and cut into 1-inch pieces; 2 cooking apples, peeled and cut into 1/2-inch pieces; 1 medium red onion, cut into 1/2-inch pieces; 1 tablespoon honey mustard; 1 sprig fresh rosemary; 5 tablespoons unsalted butter, cut into pieces | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees. Mix the nutmeg, 1 teaspoon garlic and the sage in a bowl. Rub over the pork and season with salt and pepper. Toss the squash, apples, onion, the remaining 1/2 teaspoon garlic, the honey mustard, and salt and pepper to taste in a bowl. Spread out on a long sheet of foil. Add the rosemary and 3 tablespoons butter, then bring the ends of the foil together and crimp to seal into a packet. Place the packet on a baking sheet and roast on the upper rack until tender, 30 to 35 minutes. Poke holes in the packet to release steam. Meanwhile, heat a large ovenproof skillet <END>
INPUT: velvet, IQF unsweetened raspberries, seedless raspberry preserves, water, lime juice, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Raspberry Velvet | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 12-ounce package IQF frozen unsweetened raspberries, defrosted, or 12 ounces fresh raspberries; 1/3 cup seedless black raspberry preserves; 1/4 cup water; 2 teaspoons fresh lime juice; 1 tablespoon sugar; 4 fresh mint sprigs | INSTRUCTIONS: Push the raspberries and preserves through a food mill, then strain through a fine-mesh strainer set over a stainless steel bowl to eliminate any remaining seeds. Or puree the berries with the preserves in a food processor, then strain through a fine-mesh strainer into a bowl. Add the water and mix well. (You should have about 2 cups.) Place the bowl in the freezer and freeze, stirring every hour or so, until it is half frozen and velvety. Meanwhile, pour the lime juice into one small saucer and put the sugar in another. Dip the rims of four stemmed glasses (preferably tulip champagne glasses) <END>
INPUT: Asian, remoulade, points, water, sake, sugar, Kosher salt, ginger
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tea --Smoked Salmon with Wasabi Cucumber 'Remoulade' with Toast Points | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 5 cups water; 1 cup sake; 1/2 cup sugar; 1/2 cup Kosher salt; 2 tablespoons minced ginger; 1 tablespoon toasted whole Szechwan peppercorns; 1 side skinless salmon fillet, pin bones removed, 5 to 6 pounds; 6 tablespoons pommery mustard; 2 tablespoons wasabi paste; 1 tablespoon chopped garlic; 1/3 cup rice wine vinegar; 2/3 cup canola oil; 1/3 cup chopped cucumbers, peeled and de-seeded; 1/3 cup chopped scallions, green parts only; 2 tablespoons chopped cilantro | INSTRUCTIONS: In a medium bowl, combine the water, sake, sugar, salt, ginger, and peppercorns. Stir until the salt and sugar have dissolved; the liquid should taste like sweet seawater. Place the fish in a salmon poacher. Pour the liquid over the salmon, cover, and allow to brine, refrigerated, about 1 hour.; In a food processor, combine the mustard, wasabi paste, garlic, and vinegar. While the processor is running, slowly drizzle in the canola oil until an emulsion is formed. Remove the mayonnaise-like mixture from the processor and place in a non-reactive stainless steel bowl. Fold in the cucumbers, scall <END>
INPUT: puree, parsnips, Kosher salt pepper, milk, heavy cream, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Parsnip Puree | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound parsnips, peeled and sliced; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1/2 cup milk; 1/2 cup heavy cream; 4 clove of garlic, peeled and gently smashed; 1 sprig of thyme; 1 bay leaf; 1 stick unsalted butter; Extra-virgin olive oil; Parsley for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Put parsnips in a pot, season with salt and cover with milk and cream. Add garlic, bay and thyme then place over medium heat and bring to a simmer. Cook until tender, the tip of a paring knife should easily go through without resistance - about 12 to 15 minutes. Place parsnips in a food processor with butter and pour in enough of the milk mixture to puree the parsnips and achieve the texture of whipped cream. Season with salt and pepper then finish with a sprinkle of parsley. <END>
INPUT: mustard seed, fluid wine vinegar, fluid unsweetened grape, salt, cumin seeds
OUTPUT: TITLE: Green Beans with Mustard | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 12 ounces brown mustard seed; 8 fluid ounces red wine vinegar; 12 fluid ounces unsweetened red grape juice; 1 tablespoon salt; 2 teaspoons cumin seeds, freshly ground; 2 ounces flaked almonds; 3 ounces pine nuts; 1 pound green beans; 2 tablespoons mustard oil; 1/2 small fresh green chilie, seeded and finely chopped; 1 large clove garlic, crushed; 1 teaspoon Roman mustard; Salt (preferably Maiden salt); 1/2 teaspoon ground mustard seed; 1/2 teaspoon cumin seed | INSTRUCTIONS: To make about 1 1/2 pints of Roman mustard combine the mustard seed, vinegar and grape juice, and mix in the salt and cumin. Leave to soak, covered but not sealed for 36 to 48 hours. Put into a food processor and whiz for 1 to 2 minutes or until coarsely ground, then add the almonds and pine nuts and whiz very briefly until they are completely broken up, not over-processed. Top and tail the beans, then slice them into 1-inch pieces diagonally. Cook in boiling salted water for 5 to 10 minutes, depending on their age. They should be tender but still have a slight bite. Drain. Heat 1 tablespoon o <END>
INPUT: pizzettas, puttanesca, Fresno chile peppers, virgin olive oil, tap water, yeast, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Pizzettas with Parmigiano, Prosciutto and Arugula and with Taleggio and Puttanesca | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 5 to 6 Fresno chile peppers, roughly chopped; 1 1/2 cups extra-virgin olive oil; 1/2 cup warm tap water; 1 1/2 teaspoons dry yeast; 1/2 teaspoon sugar; 1 1/2 cups all-purpose flour; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1/2 pound Parmigiano-Reggiano, shaved thin; 1/2-pound Taleggio cheese, rind removed and chopped; 1/4 pound prosciutto, sliced thin; 2 cups baby arugula; 2 plum tomatoes, diced; 1/4 cup pitted gaeta olives, sliced; 2 tablespoons capers | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. In a small saucepan, bring chiles and oil to a simmer. Remove from heat and let peppers steep in oil at least 1 hour. In a small bowl add the warm (this activates the yeast. If the water is too hot the yeast will die and if the water is too cold the yeast will not activate) tap water add the dry yeast and the sugar and stir to combine. Let sit for 15 minutes. The top of the water will bubble and it will smell very yeasty, this is what you want. In a large mixing bowl, combine the flour and the salt. Make a well in the center of the flour and add the olive oil and <END>
INPUT: mashed, Yukon Gold potatoes, garlic, milk, unsalted butter, Special Potato ricer
OUTPUT: TITLE: Perfect Mashed Potatoes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 pounds Yukon Gold potatoes, peeled, cut into 3-inch pieces; 8 garlic cloves, peeled; 1 1/4 cups whole milk; 5 tablespoons unsalted butter, cut into 1-inch pieces; Special equipment: Potato ricer | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring large pot of salted water to boil. Add potatoes and garlic; reduce heat to medium and simmer with lid slightly ajar until tender, 20 to 25 minutes. Drain potatoes; return to pot. Toss potatoes and garlic over high heat until moisture evaporates, about 2 minutes. Heat milk with butter in small saucepan over medium heat until butter is melted; set aside. Using potato ricer, press potatoes and garlic into large bowl. Add milk mixture; stir to blend. Season to taste with salt and pepper. DO AHEAD: Can be made 2 hours ahead. Transfer to microwave-safe bowl; let stand at room temperature. Rehe <END>
INPUT: filled, biscuits, unbleached all purpose, sugar, baking powder, baking soda, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Jam Filled Buttermilk Biscuits | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 cups unbleached all purpose flour; 6 tablespoons sugar; 1 tablespoon baking powder; 1 teaspoon baking soda; 1 teaspoon salt; 1 cup (2 sticks) chilled unsalted butter, cut into 1/2-inch pieces; 1 3/4 cups chilled buttermilk; 9 tablespoons raspberry, cherry or apricot jam | INSTRUCTIONS: Whisk flour, sugar, baking powder, baking soda and salt in large bowl to blend. Freeze flour mixture 1 hour. Position rack in center of oven and preheat to 375°F. Transfer flour mixture to processor. Add butter and cut in using on/off turns until mixture resembles coarse meal. Return mixture to large bowl. Make well in center of mixture. Add chilled buttermilk and stir just until blended and moist clumps form. Turn dough out onto floured work surface. Gather dough together and pat into 1-inch-thick round (do not knead). Using 2 3/4-inch-diameter biscuit cutter, cut out biscuits. Transfer butte <END>
INPUT: American, sophie, light sugar, cornstarch, salt, ginger, cinnamon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pumpkin Pie with Sophie | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup light brown sugar, packed; 1 tablespoon cornstarch; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1 teaspoon ground ginger; 1 teaspoon cinnamon; 1/8 teaspoon cloves; 1 1/2 cups fresh Pumpkin Puree, recipe follows; 3 large eggs, lightly beaten, plus 1 egg for glazing; 1 1/2 cups evaporated milk; 1/2 recipe Pate Brisee, recipe follows; 1 tablespoon heavy cream; 2 1/2 cups all-purpose flour; 1 teaspoon salt; 1 teaspoon granulated sugar (optional); 1 cup (2 sticks) cold unsalted butter, cut into small pieces | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat the oven to 425 degrees F. In a large bowl, combine sugar, cornstarch, salt, ginger, cinnamon, cloves, pumpkin puree, and 3 eggs. Beat well. Add evaporated milk and combine. Set aside. Between 2 pieces of plastic wrap, roll pate brisee into a 12-inch circle. Fit pastry into a 9-inch glass pie plate; trim dough evenly along edge, leaving about a 1/2-inch overhang. Pinch to form a decorative edge. If the dough begins to soften, chill for 15 minutes. Combine remaining 1 egg and heavy cream. Brush glaze very lightly on edges of pie shell. Fill pie shell with pumpkin mixture. Transfer to parch <END>
INPUT: cranberry, buckle, unsalted butter, Vanilla Crumb, baking powder, fine sea salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cranberry Buckle with Vanilla Crumb | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, at room temperature, for pan; 1 cup Vanilla Crumb; 1 3/4 cups (8 3/4 ounces) all-purpose flour; 2 teaspoons baking powder; 1/2 teaspoon fine sea salt; 1/2 cup (4 ounces) unsalted butter; 3/4 cup (5 1/4 ounces) granulated sugar; Zest of 1 orange; 2 eggs; 1 tablespoon pure vanilla extract; 1/2 cup (5 ounces) sour cream; 2 cups (8 ounces) cranberries, fresh or frozen | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350°F. Butter a 9-inch square baking pan. Sift the flour, baking powder, and salt together in a bowl. Using a handheld mixer with beaters or a stand mixer withthe paddle attachment, cream the butter, sugar, and orange zest together on medium-high speed for 3 to 5 minutes, until light and fluffy. Add the eggs one at a time, scraping down the sides of the bowl after each addition, then stir in the vanilla. Stir in the flour mixture in three additions alternating with the sour cream in two additions, beginning and ending with the flour mixture and scraping down the sides of th <END>
INPUT: cream, water, cornstarch, condensed milk, evaporated milk, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Guinness Stout Ice Cream | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup water; 2 tablespoons cornstarch; 1/2 cup sweetened condensed milk; 1 1/2 cups evaporated milk; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 1/2 cup sugar; 1/2 cup Guinness stout | INSTRUCTIONS: In a heavy saucepan whisk together the water and the cornstarch and simmer the mixture over moderate heat, whisking, for 2 minutes. Add the milks, the salt, and the sugar, heat the mixture over moderately low heat, whisking, for 1 to 2 minutes, or until the sugar is dissolved, and remove the pan from the heat. Let the mixture cool completely, stir in the Guinness, and freeze the mixture in an ice-cream freezer according to the manufacturer's instructions. In a heavy saucepan whisk together the water and the cornstarch and simmer the mixture over moderate heat, whisking, for 2 minutes. Add the  <END>
INPUT: cookies, almond butter, firmly light sugar, egg whites, all purpose flour
OUTPUT: TITLE: Almond Butter Cookies | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Cooking spray; 1 cup almond butter, stirred well; 3/4 cup firmly-packed light brown sugar; 2 large egg whites; 2 tablespoons all-purpose flour; 1 1/4 teaspoons baking soda; 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract; Kosher salt; 1/4 cup slivered almonds | INSTRUCTIONS: Adjust an oven rack to the center of the oven. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line two rimmed baking sheets with parchment or a nonstick baking mat. Spray lightly with cooking spray. Combine the almond butter, sugar, egg whites, flour, baking soda, vanilla and 1/4 teaspoon salt in the bowl of a standing mixer fitted with a paddle attachment. Beat the mixture together until well combined, about 3 minutes. Adjust the mixer to low speed and add the slivered almonds. Mix until just incorporated. Use a rounded tablespoon to drop the dough on the prepared sheet trays, leaving at least 2 1/2 inch <END>
INPUT: brown, orzo, olive oil, cinnamon, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Orzo with Cinnamon Brown Butter and Parsley | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound orzo; 1/2 stick (1/4 cup) unsalted butter; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1/4 teaspoon cinnamon; 1/4 teaspoon black pepper; 3/4 cup chopped fresh flat-leaf parsley (from 2 bunches) | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook orzo in a 6- to 8-quart pot of boiling salted water until tender. While orzo cooks, melt butter in a small heavy skillet over moderately low heat, then simmer until golden brown with a nutty aroma, about 5 minutes. Remove skillet from heat, then stir in oil, cinnamon, and pepper. Drain orzo in a colander, then return to pot and add brown-butter mixture, scraping up any brown bits from bottom of skillet, and parsley. Toss until combined well and season with salt. Cook orzo in a 6- to 8-quart pot of boiling salted water until tender. While orzo cooks, melt butter in a small heavy skillet ov <END>
INPUT: salad, virgin olive oil, cleaned, zest juice lemon, Kosher salt pepper, baby arugula
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Trout with Arugula Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, plus more for brushing; 4 whole cleaned, deboned trout (about 10 ounces each), heads, tails and fins removed; Grated zest and juice of 1 lemon; Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper; 4 cups baby arugula (about 3 ounces); 4 radishes, thinly sliced; 1 large celery stalk, thinly sliced; 1 14-ounce can hearts of palm, drained and sliced; 1/2 cup fresh parsley; 1/4 cup jarred Peppadew peppers, roughly chopped, plus 2 to 3 teaspoons brine from the jar; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh chives; 1/2 cup fat-free croutons | INSTRUCTIONS: Position racks in the upper and lower thirds of the oven; preheat to 450 degrees F. Brush 2 rimmed baking sheets with olive oil. Pat the fish dry with paper towels and transfer to the baking sheets; open so the fish is skin-side down. Drizzle half of the lemon juice over the fish and season with salt and pepper. Roast, switching the pans halfway through, until the fish is cooked through and flakes easily with a fork, about 10 minutes. Meanwhile, combine the arugula, radishes, celery, hearts of palm, parsley and Peppadews in a large bowl. Add the olive oil, lemon zest, the remaining lemon juice <END>
INPUT: Indian, soup, chicken stock, olive oil, onion, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lentil Soup | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 1 store-bought, cooked Peking Duck, meat and bones separated; 8 cups chicken stock; 1 tablespoon olive oil; 1/2 red onion, diced; 2 cloves garlic, chopped; 2 to 3 bay leaves; 2 celery stalks, finely diced; 1 carrot, finely diced; 1/2 cup red lentils, rinsed and drained; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 3 plum tomatoes, seeded and diced; 1/2 bunch fresh chives, cut into 1/2-inch pieces; Mango Chutney; 4 ounces palm sugar, broken into pieces or 1/4 cup each white sugar and brown sugar; 1 cup water | INSTRUCTIONS: Shred the duck meat and set aside for Duck Sandwich, recipe follows or use in another dish, reserve 1 cup for soup garnish. Put the chicken stock and duck bones in a large pot and bring to a boil. Reduce the stock to a simmer and skim the impurities. Allow the stock to simmer for 30 minutes. Pour the olive oil in a large pot over medium-high heat. Add the onions and garlic and saute until tender. Add the bay leaf, celery, and carrot and saute for approximately 2 minutes, until the celery and carrots are slightly tender. Strain the stock into a pot and bring up to a boil. Add the lentils and re <END>
INPUT: sour, lemon, sugar, Pisco, Acai blueberry juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Acai Berry Pisco Sour | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 lemon, juiced, plus lemon twist, for garnish; 1 tablespoon sugar; 2 ounces Pisco; 2 ounces Acai blueberry juice mix | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Fill a small cocktail shaker with ice and add the lemon juice, sugar, Pisco, and Acai-Blueberry juice. Shake well and strain into a martini glass. Garnish with a lemon twist and serve. Cook's Note: Acai berry juice can be found at most supermarkets and generally comes as a blend with other juices such as blueberry, mangosteen, and pomegranate. The brand used in this recipe is Bolthouse Bom Dia Acai-Blueberry purchased at Costco, but can also be purchased at major grocery stores. <END>
INPUT: crabby, heavy cream, lemon juice, parsley leaves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Crabby Bisque | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 (10.5-ounce) cans restaurant-style condensed crab bisque (recommended: Bookbinder's); 2 1/4 cups plus 6 tablespoons heavy cream; 3 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 3 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley leaves; 3 (4.25 ounce) cans crabmeat, picked over; Salt; Cayenne pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. In a medium saucepan, combine bisque, 2 1/4 cups heavy cream, lemon juice, parsley, and crabmeat with juices and bring to a simmer over medium heat for 5 to 10 minutes. Season soup, to taste, with salt and cayenne pepper. Divide soup among 6 bowls. Add 1 tablespoon of cream to each bowl and swirl with butter knife to create a pretty design. Serve immediately. <END>
INPUT: water, coarse kosher salt, allspice, bay leaves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pork Chops with Sauteed Red Cabbage | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 cups water; 1/4 cup coarse kosher salt; 1/4 cup (packed) golden brown sugar; 8 whole allspice; 2 bay leaves; 4 1- to 1 1/4-inch-thick pork rib chops; 3 tablespoons olive oil; 3/4 cup thinly sliced red onion; 1 bay leaf; 1 large fresh sage sprig; 1/4 teaspoon dried crushed red pepper; 6 cups thinly sliced red cabbage (about 1/2 of large head); 1 tablespoon olive oil; 1 cup low-salt chicken broth; 1 cup beef broth | INSTRUCTIONS: For brine: Bring 6 cups water, 1/4 cup kosher salt, 1/4 cup brown sugar, whole allspice, and bay leaves to boil in large saucepan, stirring to dissolve salt and brown sugar. Cool brine completely in refrigerator; add pork chops and refrigerate overnight. Bring 6 cups water, 1/4 cup kosher salt, 1/4 cup brown sugar, whole allspice, and bay leaves to boil in large saucepan, stirring to dissolve salt and brown sugar. Cool brine completely in refrigerator; add pork chops and refrigerate overnight. For red cabbage: Heat olive oil in heavy large saucepan over medium-high heat. Add sliced red onion a <END>
INPUT: Asian, cobbler, peaches syrup, ginger, butter, sugar, granola cereal raisins
OUTPUT: TITLE: Quick Ginger Peach Cobbler | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 2 can sliced peaches in syrup, drained; 1 teaspoon ground ginger; 2 tablespoons softened butter; 4 tablespoons brown sugar; 1 cup granola cereal with raisins and nuts; 2 egg whites, beaten; Store bought whipped real cream in canister, from dairy aisle | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. Mix drained peaches with ginger. Place sliced peaches in small ramekins or oven safe bowls. Combine butter and sugar with a fork, then mix butter and sugar with granola cereal. Fold in beaten egg white. Mound the topping on top of the peaches in each ramekin. Place ramekins on a small baking sheet and bake 10 to 12 minutes. Remove and cool cobbler while you enjoy dinner. After dinner, serve warm quick cobbler with prepared whipped cream. <END>
INPUT: American, cookie, bars, all purpose flour, baking powder, baking soda, light sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate Chunk Hazelnut Cookie Bars | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 1/2 cups all-purpose flour; 1 teaspoon baking powder; 1/4 teaspoon baking soda; 2 sticks (1 cup) salted butter, chilled, cut in to 1/2-inch cubes, plus additional for greasing the pan; 3/4 cup packed light brown sugar; 1/2 cup granulated sugar; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; 2 large eggs, beaten; 1/2 cup toasted hazelnuts, lightly crushed (See Cook's Note); 2 cups dark chocolate chunks; 2 pints of your favorite vanilla ice cream | INSTRUCTIONS: Set an oven rack in the middle of the oven and preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line a rimmed quarter-sheet pan with parchment paper and rub with a light coating of butter. Whisk together the flour, baking powder and baking soda in a medium bowl. Set aside. In the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, beat the butter on medium-high speed until the cubes have blended together into one large smooth ball. Add the brown and granulated sugars and beat until completely combined, scraping down the sides of the bowl as needed, 1 1/2 to 2 1/2 minutes. (It should have the texture of <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, unblanched almonds, olive oil, salt, cayenne pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Olive --Sauteed Almonds | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound unblanched almonds; 1 1/2 cups olive oil; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/4 teaspoon cayenne pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Blanch the almonds 1 1/2 minutes in boiling water; drain. Plunge into cold water, then slip off the skins. Spread the almonds out on several thicknesses of paper toweling and pat dry. Transfer to fresh paper toweling and let dry 24 hours. Heat the oil in a 10-inch iron skillet over moderate heat about 2 minutes or until an almond, dropped into the oil, sizzles gently. Add half of the almonds to the oil and saute, stirring often, 4 to 5 minutes over moderately low heat until the color of light caramel. Dump the almonds into a colander set over a heatproof bowl; shake to drain off as much oil as <END>
INPUT: buttered, pecans, pecan halves, unsalted butter, salt, baby Brussels sprouts, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Baby Brussels Sprouts with Buttered Pecans | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup pecan halves, cut crosswise into thirds; 3 tablespoons unsalted butter; 3/4 teaspoon salt; 2 pounds baby Brussels sprouts, trimmed; 1/2 tablespoon minced garlic; 1 teaspoon fresh lemon juice, or to taste; 1/4 teaspoon black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Put oven rack in middle position and preheat oven to 350°F. Spread pecan pieces in 1 layer in a shallow baking pan and bake until fragrant and a few shades darker, about 10 minutes. Add 1/2 tablespoon butter and 1/4 teaspoon salt to nuts and toss until butter is melted and nuts are coated. While nuts bake, cook Brussels sprouts in a 6- to 8-quart pot of boiling salted water, uncovered, until just tender, 5 to 6 minutes, then transfer to a bowl of ice and cold water to stop cooking. Drain sprouts and pat dry. Melt remaining 2 1/2 tablespoons butter in a 12-inch heavy skillet over moderate heat, <END>
INPUT: sauce, decadence, flour, baking soda, granulated sugar, cocoa powder, butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Poached Pears in Red Currant Sauce with Chocolate Decadence Cake | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 13 ounces flour, sifted; 1/2 ounce baking soda; 18 ounces granulated sugar; 3 1/2 ounces cocoa powder; 5 ounces butter; 5 ounces canola oil; 10 ounces water; 3 eggs; 5 ounces sour cream; 10 ounces heavy cream; 9 ounces semi-sweet chocolate, chopped; 4 ounces marzipan; Dipped Poached Pears, recipe follows; 8 ounces red currant puree, store bought or fresh, strained through cheese cloth; 4 ounces raspberry liqueur | INSTRUCTIONS: Sift together flour, baking soda, sugar, and cocoa powder. Place into mixing bowl. Put butter, oil, and water into a pot and melt over medium heat. When butter has melted, pour into dry ingredients and mix on low speed until incorporated. Then mix on medium speed while adding eggs, 1 at a time, and then sour cream. Continue to mix only until incorporated. Pour batter into greased and papered sheet pan (8 inch by 12 inch). Bake in a preheated 375-degree F oven until firm to touch and releases from sides of the pan. Cool. Then invert onto back of another pan or onto a pastry or cutting board. Ta <END>
INPUT: milkshake, Vanilla frosting, peppermint candies, eggnog, peppermint extract
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pink Peppermint Eggnog Milkshake | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Vanilla frosting, for decorating the glasses; Crushed peppermint candies, for decorating the glasses and for serving; 1 1/2 cups eggnog; 4 cups (2 pints) pink peppermint ice cream; 1 teaspoon peppermint extract (optional); Peppermint candy bark, for serving; Whipped cream, for serving | INSTRUCTIONS: Start by garnishing the rims of 3 glasses with vanilla frosting and crushed peppermint candies. Chill the glasses in the freezer while you make the milkshakes. Combine the eggnog and pink peppermint ice cream in a blender and blend on high. For a stronger peppermint flavor, add 1 teaspoon peppermint extract. Divide the mixture between the prepared glasses and garnish with peppermint candy bark, whipped cream and more crushed peppermint candies. <END>
INPUT: bites, vanilla gelato ice, hazelnuts, Special bite sized
OUTPUT: TITLE: Vanilla Gelato Bites with Chocolate and Hazelnuts | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pint vanilla gelato or ice cream; 1 (12-ounce) bag chocolate chips (about 2 cups); 1 cup finely chopped toasted hazelnuts (about 5 ounces); Special equipment: bite-sized ice cream scoop and wooden popsticks | INSTRUCTIONS: Place a small tray or a plate in the freezer. Remove the gelato from the freezer to soften, about 5 minutes. Remove the chilled tray from the freezer. Scoop out 16 bite-sized balls of gelato and place in the freezer for at least 1 hour. Remove from the freezer and quickly insert a wooden popstick into each gelato ball. Return them to the freezer for at least 1 hour. When the gelato balls have frozen with their sticks in place, place the chocolate in a double-boiler over very gently simmering water until melted. Next to the pot of chocolate, place the toasted, chopped hazelnuts in a shallow bow <END>
INPUT: bacon, swamp cabbage, sugar, salt, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Swamp Cabbage | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 slices bacon; 2 heads freshly cut swamp cabbage (hearts of palm), chopped; 1/2 cup sugar; 1 tablespoon salt; 1/2 tablespoon freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: In a medium saucepan, fry the bacon over medium heat. Set aside, reserving drippings. Put swamp cabbage and remaining ingredients, including fried bacon and bacon drippings, in a 6-quart pot. Fill the pot 1/2 full with water and bring to a boil. Continue to boil for 10 to 15 minutes, until the cabbage is tender. Adjust salt and pepper, to taste. Serve hot as a side dish. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, chili, verde, tomatillos, serrano jalapeno peppers, garlic, onion, virgin olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chili Verde with Sausage and Pumpkin | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 pounds tomatillos (6 to 8 medium); 5 serrano or 10 jalapeno peppers, stemmed (plus seeds, if you can take the heat); 3 cloves garlic, peeled; 1 large white onion, peeled and sliced 1/2 inch thick; 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil; Kosher salt; 1/2 cup chopped fresh cilantro; Freshly ground black pepper; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1 large yellow onion, roughly chopped; 1 pound sausage meat (mild or hot); 1 1/2 teaspoons dried oregano (preferably Mexican), crumbled; 3 cloves garlic, very finely chopped; 1 15-ounce can hominy; 1/2 cup chopped fresh cilantro, plus more for topping | INSTRUCTIONS: Make the tomatillo salsa: Preheat the broiler. Remove the husks from the tomatillos, then rinse the tomatillos under warm water to remove any stickiness. Dry with a paper towel. Put the tomatillos, chiles, garlic and sliced onion on a rimmed baking sheet. Drizzle with the olive oil and sprinkle on 2 teaspoons or so of salt. Broil a few inches from the heat, turning everything once, until the tomatillos are softened and slightly charred, about 7 minutes. Let cool to room temperature. Transfer the broiled vegetables to a blender; add the cilantro and puree until smooth. Season with salt and pepp <END>
INPUT: garlic, olive oil, onions, unfiltered apple cider
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cider-Braised Pork Shoulder with Caramelized Onions | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 (3- to 4-lb) bone-in fresh pork shoulder half (preferably arm picnic); 2 garlic cloves, cut into slivers; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1 1/2 lb onions (5 or 6 medium), halved lengthwise, then cut lengthwise into 1/4-inch-thick slices; 3/4 cup unfiltered apple cider | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 325°F. Score fat and any skin on pork in a crosshatch pattern. Make slits all over meat with a small sharp knife and insert a garlic sliver in each slit. Pat pork dry and season with salt and pepper. Heat oil in a 4- to 5-quart ovenproof heavy pot over moderately high heat until hot but not smoking, then brown meat on all sides, turning occasionally with the aid of tongs and a carving fork, about 8 minutes. Transfer pork to a plate. Add onions to pot and sauté over moderately high heat, stirring occasionally, until softened and starting to turn golden, about 5 minutes. Add 3/4  <END>
INPUT: mousse, bittersweet chocolate, unsalted butter, eggs, Cognac other brandy, very heavy cream
OUTPUT: TITLE: Rich Chocolate Mousse | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 8 ounces bittersweet chocolate (no more than 60% cacao), chopped; 3/4 stick unsalted butter, cut into 6 pieces; 3 large eggs, separated; 1 tablespoon Cognac or other brandy; 1 cup very cold heavy cream; 1/8 teaspoon salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Melt chocolate and butter in a large metal bowl set over a saucepan of barely simmering water, gently stirring occasionally until smooth. Remove from heat. Meanwhile, beat yolks in a small bowl with an electric mixer until thick enough to form a ribbon that takes a few seconds to dissolve, 2 to 4 minutes. Whisk yolks into chocolate mixture along with Cognac, then cool to warm. Beat cream in a medium bowl with cleaned beaters until it just holds stiff peaks. Beat whites with salt in another bowl with cleaned beaters until they just hold soft peaks. Fold whipped cream and beaten whites into choc <END>
INPUT: muffins, wheat pastry flour, rolled oats, baking powder, fine salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Healthy Banana Oat Muffins | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 stick (8 tablespoons) unsalted butter; 1 1/2 cups whole wheat pastry flour or white whole wheat flour; 1/2 cup plus 2 tablespoons rolled oats; 1 teaspoon baking powder; 1/2 teaspoon fine salt; 1/4 teaspoon baking soda; 1/2 cup reduced-fat sour cream; 1/2 cup packed dark brown sugar; 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract; 2 large eggs; 2 medium bananas, peeled and cut into 1/2-inch pieces (about 1 heaping cup) | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line a 12-cup muffin pan with cupcake liners. Melt the butter in a small skillet set over medium heat, and cook until it starts to bubble and foam, about 5 minutes. Continue cooking, stirring constantly, until the foam subsides and brown specks start to appear, 1 to 2 minutes. Transfer the butter to a medium mixing bowl to cool slightly. In a large bowl, combine the flour, 1/2 cup of the oats, the baking powder, salt and baking soda. Add the sour cream, sugar and vanilla to the browned butter and whisk. Add the eggs and whisk until combined. Fold the wet ingr <END>
INPUT: pudding, watermelon, cornstarch, sugar, anise seeds, lemon juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Watermelon Pudding | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 cups coarsely chopped seeded watermelon (from a 4 1/2-lb piece, rind discarded); 1/4 cup cornstarch; 1/2 cup plus 1 teaspoon sugar; 1 teaspoon anise seeds; 2 teaspoons fresh lemon juice, or to taste; 1/3 cup heavy cream; Garnish: chopped shelled pistachios (not dyed red); white or dark chocolate shavings, removed with a vegetable peeler | INSTRUCTIONS: Purée watermelon in a blender until smooth, then pour through a fine-mesh sieve into a 2-quart saucepan, pressing on pulp and then discarding any remaining solids. Ladle about 1/4 cup watermelon juice into a small bowl and stir in cornstarch until smooth. Bring remaining watermelon juice to a boil with 1/2 cup sugar and anise seeds, stirring until sugar is dissolved. Stir cornstarch mixture again, then whisk into boiling juice. Reduce heat and simmer, whisking occasionally, 3 minutes. Whisk in lemon juice. Pour pudding through cleaned sieve into a bowl, then transfer to a wide 1-quart serving  <END>
INPUT: cake, sliders, mayonnaise, blood orange juice, stone mustard, blood orange zest, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Crab Cake Sliders with Blood Orange Aioli | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup mayonnaise; 2 to 3 tablespoons freshly squeezed blood orange juice (about 1/2 orange); 1 tablespoon stone-ground mustard; 1 teaspoon blood orange zest; 1 clove garlic, grated; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 18 butter crackers, crushed (about 3/4 cup); 1/4 to 1/2 cup mayonnaise, plus more for schmearing; 1 tablespoon roughly chopped fresh parsley; 1 1/2 teaspoons seafood seasoning, such as Old Bay, plus additional for garnishing; 8 dashes hot sauce; 1 large egg, beaten; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 pounds lump blue crab meat, shell and cartilage picked out; Butter, for spreading | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. For the blood orange aioli: Combine the mayonnaise, blood orange juice, mustard, zest and garlic in a mixing bowl. Season with salt and pepper. For the crab cake sliders: In a large mixing bowl, gently combine the crackers, mayonnaise, parsley, seafood seasoning, hot sauce, egg and some salt and pepper. Gently fold in the crab meat until just combined. Lightly form 24 patties by taking 2 tablespoons of the crab mixture and rolling it into 2-inch balls, about the size of a golf ball. Place the patties on a baking sheet lined with <END>
INPUT: melted, mushrooms, Stilton cheese, garlic, unsalted butter, heavy cream
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sauteed Mushrooms with Melted Stilton | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 pound mushrooms; 1/2 pound Stilton cheese; 2 large garlic cloves; 1 tablespoon unsalted butter; 1/3 cup heavy cream; Accompaniment: chunks of crusty whole-grain bread | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 425°F. Trim mushrooms and halve if small or quarter if large. Crumble enough Stilton, not including rind, to measure about 1 cup. Force garlic through a garlic press. In a 9-inch heavy skillet heat butter over moderately high heat until foam subsides and sauté mushrooms, stirring, until golden, about 2 minutes. Stir in garlic and cream and gently boil until slightly thickened, about 4 minutes. Season mixture with salt and pepper and divide between 2 shallow 1-cup gratin dishes. Mushroom mixture may be made 1 day ahead and chilled, covered. Top mushroom mixture with Stilton and  <END>
INPUT: Spanish onion, virgin olive oil, unsalted butter, garlic, popcorn rice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Baked Popcorn Rice | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 Spanish onion, minced; 2 to 3 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 3 cloves garlic, minced; 1 cup popcorn rice; 2 cups chicken stock or beef stock, if the dish calls for meat | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Saute onion in butter and olive oil until golden, then add garlic. Cook garlic with onion for 2 minutes. Add rice and saute for 3 to 4 minutes until rice is lightly golden. Add stock and stir well and cook for 3 to 4 minutes. All this must be done in an oven proof skillet. Put on lid and bake for 15 to 20 minutes. When cooking time is done turn off heat and leave rice in oven until ready to serve. <END>
INPUT: Canola oil, canola oil, onion, celery
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sage and Mushroom Stuffing | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Canola oil, cooking spray; 2 (10-ounce) packages white button mushrooms; 3 tablespoons canola oil; 1 medium onion, diced; 3 stalks celery, diced; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh sage leaves; 1 teaspoon chopped fresh thyme leaves; 2 eggs, beaten; 2 (14.5-ounce) cans chicken broth; 1 loaf day old French bread, diced into 1/2-inch cubes; Salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Spray a 9 by 13-inch baking dish with cooking spray. Remove the mushroom caps from the stems. Reserve the caps for the online round 2 recipe Stuffed Mushrooms. Roughly chop the stems and set aside. In a large skillet over medium-high heat, add the canola oil. Stir in the onions and celery and cook until softened slightly, about 2 minutes. Add the mushroom stems and herbs and continue to cook until the mushrooms are browned and the vegetables are slightly tender, about 5 minutes. Whisk together the eggs and chicken broth in a lar <END>
INPUT: Indian, bellini, oranges, cardamom pods, sugar, water, bottles Prosecco
OUTPUT: TITLE: Orange Cardamom Bellini | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 3 small oranges, zested into strips; 10 whole cardamom pods, gently cracked with the side of a knife; 1 cup sugar; 2 cups water; 2 bottles Prosecco | INSTRUCTIONS: Place all syrup ingredients in a heavy-bottomed saucepan and bring to a boil. Reduce heat to medium and simmer for about 15 minutes until thickened and syrupy. Strain, and allow syrup to cool fully before use. Pour 1 to 2 tablespoons of orange-cardamom syrup into each empty Champagne flute. Fill each glass with chilled Prosecco and serve. <END>
INPUT: bread, unsalted butter vegetable, all purpose flour, pecans, granulated sugar, baking soda
OUTPUT: TITLE: Classic Banana Bread | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup melted unsalted butter or vegetable oil, plus more for greasing pan; 1 3/4 cups all-purpose flour; 1 cup toasted pecans, chopped; 1/2 cup granulated sugar; 1 teaspoon baking soda; 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon; Fine salt; 1/4 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg; 2 large eggs, lightly beaten; 1/4 cup buttermilk, sour cream or yogurt; 1/2 cup light brown sugar, lightly packed; 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract; 4 soft, very ripe, darkly speckled medium bananas, mashed (about 1 1/2 cups) | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Lightly butter one 9-by-5-inch loaf pan. Whisk together the flour, pecans, granulated sugar, baking soda, cinnamon, 1/2 teaspoon salt and nutmeg in a large bowl. Whisk together the eggs, melted butter, buttermilk, brown sugar and vanilla in a medium bowl; stir in the mashed bananas. Fold the banana mixture into the flour mixture until just combined (it's OK if there are some lumps). Pour the batter into the buttered pan and lightly tap the pan on the counter to evenly distribute the batter. Bake until browned and a toothpick inserted into the center comes out <END>
INPUT: mustard seeds, orange juice, sugar, water, orange peel
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Salmon with Rhubarb and Red Cabbage | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 teaspoons black or yellow mustard seeds; 1 1/4 cups fresh orange juice; 1 cup sugar; 1/3 cup water; 2 tablespoons finely grated orange peel; 4 teaspoons coriander seeds; 1 tablespoon caraway seeds; 1 tablespoon minced peeled fresh ginger; 3 cups 2-inch-long 1/4-inch-thick matchstick-size strips rhubarb (from about 12 ounces trimmed rhubarb); 8 cups thinly sliced red cabbage (from about 1/2 medium head); 1/2 cup Sherry wine vinegar; 1/2 cup dry red wine; 6 6- to 7-ounce salmon fillets with skin; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 3 cups arugula | INSTRUCTIONS: Stir mustard seeds in small dry skillet over medium heat until beginning to pop, about 3 minutes. Transfer to small bowl; reserve. Bring orange juice, sugar, 1/3 cup water, and orange peel to boil in large skillet, stirring until sugar dissolves. Reduce heat to medium; add mustard seeds, coriander seeds, caraway seeds, and ginger. Simmer until syrupy, 10 minutes. Add rhubarb; reduce heat to medium-low. Cover and simmer until rhubarb is tender but intact, 2 minutes. Using slotted spoon, transfer rhubarb to microwave-safe bowl; reserve. Bring syrup in skillet to simmer. Add cabbage, vinegar, and <END>
INPUT: Asian, dressing, soy sauce, seasoned rice vinegar, vegetable oil, ginger, Asian chili garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Seared Asian Steak and Mushrooms on Mixed Greens with Ginger Dressing | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons soy sauce; 2 tablespoons seasoned rice vinegar; 4 1/2 teaspoons vegetable oil, divided; 1 tablespoon minced peeled fresh ginger; 1/2 teaspoon Asian chili-garlic sauce; 1/8 teaspoon plus 2 teaspoons Asian sesame oil, divided; 1/4 cup chopped fresh cilantro; 2 12-ounce rib-eye steaks; 2 tablespoons toasted sesame seeds; 8 ounces crimini (baby bella) mushrooms, quartered; 8 cups mixed greens | INSTRUCTIONS: Mix soy sauce, rice vinegar, 1 1/2 teaspoons vegetable oil, minced ginger, chili-garlic sauce, and 1/8 teaspoon sesame oil in small bowl. Add cilantro and stir to blend. Set dressing aside. Rub 1/4 teaspoon sesame oil over each side of each rib-eye steak. Sprinkle steaks with salt, pepper, and toasted sesame seeds; press firmly to adhere. Heat 2 teaspoons vegetable oil in large nonstick skillet over medium-high heat. Add mushrooms; sauté until browned, about 8 minutes. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Transfer sautéed mushrooms to plate. Add 1 teaspoon vegetable oil and 1 teaspoon sesame  <END>
INPUT: sauce, pork shoulder, Kosher salt, guajillo chilies other, honey, marjoram Mexican oregano
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pork with Chiles and Orange Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 pounds pork shoulder; Kosher salt; 4 dried guajillo chilies or other medium-heat dried red chiles, stemmed and seeded; 1 tablespoon honey; 1 teaspoon dried marjoram or Mexican oregano; Pinch ground cinnamon; Pinch ground cloves; Freshly ground black pepper; 3 to 4 cloves garlic; 2 organic or blood oranges, zested and juiced; 1 small onion, chopped; 2 1/4 cups chicken stock or water; 1 tablespoon butter; 1 1/4 cups white long-grain rice; Kosher salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. For the pork: Place the pork in a Dutch oven with just enough water to cover and sprinkle with salt. Bring to a boil, and then reduce the heat and simmer, 20 to 30 minutes. Place the dried chiles in a small pot with 1 1/2 cups of the pork cooking water and simmer until softened, 5 to 10 minutes. Transfer to a food processor and puree with the honey, marjoram, cinnamon, cloves, some black pepper, garlic, orange zest and juice and onions. Add the puree to the Dutch oven with the pork and simmer 20 minutes. Remove and shred or chop the pork. Continue cooking the sau <END>
INPUT: French, truffles, heavy cream, semisweet chocolate chips, tarragon, merlot wine, fine sea salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tarragon and Merlot Truffles | CUISINE: French | INGREDIENTS: 1/3 cup heavy cream; One 12-ounce bag semisweet chocolate chips; 1/3 cup chopped fresh tarragon; 3 tablespoons merlot wine; 1/8 teaspoon fine sea salt; 1/2 cup unsweetened cocoa powder | INSTRUCTIONS: Line a baking sheet with parchment paper. Set aside. Place the cream and chocolate in a medium bowl and place over a pan of barely-simmering water. Stir until the chocolate has melted and the mixture is smooth, about 6 minutes. Stir in the tarragon, wine and salt until smooth. Refrigerate for 2 hours until firm. Let the mixture stand at room temperature until moldable, about 45 minutes. Using a melon scoop, scoop level amounts of the truffle mixture onto the prepared baking sheet. Roll into 1/2-inch balls. Place the cocoa powder in a small bowl. Roll the truffles in the cocoa powder until coat <END>
INPUT: stock, Neck, onion, unsalted butter, reduced sodium chicken, water
OUTPUT: TITLE: Quick and Rich Turkey Stock | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Neck, giblets (excluding liver), and wing tips from a turkey; 1/2 medium onion; 1 tablespoon unsalted butter; 3 cups reduced-sodium chicken broth; 3 cups water; 1 carrot, quartered; 1 celery rib, quartered; 2 thyme sprigs | INSTRUCTIONS: Pat neck, giblets, and wing tips dry, then cook with onion in butter in a large heavy saucepan over medium-high heat, stirring occasionally, until well browned, 15 to 20 minutes. Add broth, water, carrot, celery, and thyme and bring to a boil, then simmer, skimming any foam, until reduced by half, about 1 1/2 hours. Pour through a sieve into a bowl, reserving giblets (if using for gravy) and discarding remaining solids. (Reserve 1 cup stock for stuffing.) Pat neck, giblets, and wing tips dry, then cook with onion in butter in a large heavy saucepan over medium-high heat, stirring occasionally, <END>
INPUT: pomegranate juice pomegranate, walnuts, unseasoned bread crumbs, lemon juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Red Pepper and Walnut Dip | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 cup pomegranate juice or 4 teaspoons of pomegranate molasses; 1/2 cup walnuts; 3 tablespoons unseasoned bread crumbs; 1 tablespoon lemon juice; 1 (16-ounce) jar roasted red peppers, drained; 1/4 teaspoon cayenne pepper; 1/4 teaspoon ground cumin, plus more for garnish; 1 tablespoon olive oil, plus 1 teaspoon for garnish; Salt; Pita Toasts, for serving | INSTRUCTIONS: Put the pomegranate juice, into a small saucepan and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat to medium and simmer, uncovered, until juice is reduced to about 2 tablespoons, about 6 minutes. Set aside to cool and thicken. Toast the walnuts in a dry skillet over a medium-high heat until fragrant, about 2 minutes. Set aside to cool. Put the walnuts and bread crumbs into a food processor and process until finely ground. Add the reduced pomegranate juice or pomegranate molasses, lemon juice, red peppers, cayenne pepper and cumin and process until smooth. With the processor on add the olive oil in a thin s <END>
INPUT: fondant, milk, fat milk powder, sugar, atomized glucose, unsalted butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Gianduja Chocolate Fondant with Devonshire Ice Cream | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/3 cups whole milk; 0.8 ounces 0% fat milk powder; 1/3 cup sugar; 1-ounce atomized glucose (powdered glucose); 3 tablespoon unsalted butter, melted; 2 large egg yolks; 6.5 ounces Devonshire cream; 1 pound (4 sticks) unsalted butter, plus extra for muffin tin; 2/3 cup all-purpose flour; Pinch salt; 1 1/2 pounds dark Gianduja chocolate; 8 large eggs; 8 large egg yolks; 1 cup sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 425 degrees F. To make Devonshire ice cream. In a small saucepan with a candy thermometer clipped to the side, add the milk, milk powder, sugar, atomized glucose, and butter. Heat until the thermometer reaches 112 degrees F. In a medium bowl, whisk the egg yolks. Before adding the egg yolks to the milk mixture temper it by whisking some of the hot milk into the yolks, then add the yolk and milk mixture back into the milk. Cook on low heat, stirring in figure 8's with a spatula until slightly thickened, at 185 degrees F. Do not over cook, remove immediately from heat. Add the De <END>
INPUT: American, Lemon Beurre Blanc, roasted bell pepper, roasted garlic, feta cheese
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Garlic Chicken | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: Lemon Beurre Blanc, recipe follows; 1 roasted green bell pepper, chopped; 1 roasted red bell pepper, chopped; 1/2 cup roasted garlic cloves; 1 cup feta cheese, crumbled, plus more for garnish; 6 (8-ounce) boneless, skinless chicken breasts; Pinch chopped garlic; Pinch chopped shallots; 1/2 pound butter, cut into pieces; 1/2 cup Chablis wine; 2 lemons, juiced; 2 cups heavy cream; Salt and freshly ground pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: In a medium saucepan, combine the Lemon Beurre Blanc, roasted peppers, garlic, and feta cheese and heat over low heat. Keep warm until ready to use, stirring occasionally. Preheat a grill or grill pan. Place chicken breasts on grill and grill on both sides until completely cooked through. Remove from grill and place on a serving plate. Spoon sauce over the chicken and garnish with crumbled feta cheese. Sweat the shallots and garlic in 1 tablespoon of butter in a medium saucepan over medium-high heat. Add the wine and lemon juice and cook until reduced by half. Add the cream and reduce until it <END>
INPUT: American, peruvian, sauce, Mexican queso fresco, half half, bottled ajì amarillo, garlic, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fried Yuca with Peruvian Cheese Sauce | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 lb Mexican queso fresco or mild feta cheese, broken into small pieces; 1/2 cup half-and-half; 1 1/2 tablespoons bottled ajì amarillo purée (available at kitchenmarket.com); 1 garlic clove, peeled and smashed; 1/4 teaspoon black pepper; 2 lb fresh yuca (cassava) or 1 1/2 lb frozen peeled yuca (not thawed); About 6 cups vegetable oil; 1/4 teaspoon salt; Special equipment: a deep-fat thermometer; Garnish: fresh lime wedges (preferably Key limes) | INSTRUCTIONS: Make sauce: Pulse together sauce ingredients in a food processor until smooth. Pulse together sauce ingredients in a food processor until smooth. Fry yuca: If using fresh yuca, trim ends and cut crosswise into 3-inch pieces, then peel, removing waxy brown skin and pinkish layer underneath. Cover yuca (fresh or frozen) with cold salted water by 1 inch in a 4-quart pot. Bring to a boil, then reduce heat and simmer until yuca is tender when pierced with a wooden skewer, 15 to 20 minutes. Transfer with a slotted spoon to several layers of paper towels to drain, then cool 5 minutes. Cut yuca length <END>
INPUT: sauce, garlic, chicken stock, wine, pure vanilla extract, Salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Vanilla Maple Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 teaspoons minced garlic; 1 cup chicken stock; 1/4 cup dry white wine; 1 tablespoon pure vanilla extract; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 tablespoons butter (optional); 1 tablespoon maple syrup | INSTRUCTIONS: Pour off most of the fat from the roasting pan. Add garlic, and place pan over medium heat. Cook for 1 minute, stirring. Pour in the stock and scrape up any brown bits from the bottom of the pan. Pour the contents of the pan into a small saucepan. Add the wine, maple syrup, and vanilla and cook over medium-high heat, stirring often, until the flavors are concentrated and the sauce starts to become syrupy. Taste for salt and pepper and stir in optional butter if you want a silkier sauce. <END>
INPUT: mediterranean, stew, garlic, virgin olive oil, pepper sea salt, sweet bell peppers, finger hot chile
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mediterranean Chick Pea Stew | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 whole head garlic, unpeeled; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; Pinch freshly ground black pepper and sea salt; 2 sweet red bell peppers, seeded and julienned; 1 red finger hot chile pepper, seeded and minced*; 3 scallions, thinly sliced; 2 teaspoons paprika; 1 teaspoon cumin; Pinch sea salt; 2 (28-ounce or 796 ml) cans whole, peeled, organic tomatoes, hand crushed; Pinch brown sugar; 3 cups canned chick peas, rinsed and drained; Zest of 1 lemon; 10 large fresh mint leaves, stacked, rolled up and sliced into ribbons (chiffonade); Handful fresh parsley, leaves picked and minced | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Slice the top off of the head of garlic; lay it on some aluminum foil and drizzle with olive oil, and a pinch black pepper. Seal the aluminum foil over the garlic and roast for 40 minutes. In a large saucepan, heat the olive oil over medium heat. Add the peppers and scallions to the pan, coat with salt, paprika, and cumin. Saute for 8 minutes. Pour in the hand-crushed tomatoes, brown sugar, sea salt, and freshly ground pepper. Let simmer for 20 minutes. Peel 8 cloves of roasted garlic and crush with a fork. Add the garlic, chick peas, lemon zest, mint, and pa <END>
INPUT: Asian, wontons, piece ginger, shallots, carrot, onion, cilantro leaves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fried Crab Wontons | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 2-inch piece fresh ginger, grated; 2 shallots, chopped; 1/2 carrot, chopped; 1 green onion, chopped; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro leaves; 1 tablespoon peanut oil; 1/2 lemon, juiced; 2 tablespoons mayonnaise; 1 pound lump crabmeat (Dungeness, if you can get it), picked through for shells; 1 (12-ounce) package square wonton wrappers; 1 egg white, for brushing; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; Cornstarch, for dusting; Vegetable oil, for deep-frying; 3/4 cup soy sauce | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine in a food processor the ginger, shallots, carrot, green onion, cilantro, peanut oil and lemon juice. Pulse until fine. Put vegetable mixture in a mixing bowl, add the mayonnaise and the crabmeat and season with salt and pepper. Be careful not to mash the crabmeat, you want that texture when you bite into the wonton. Lay a wonton wrapper on a flat surface and brush with the beaten egg white. Drop 1 tablespoon of the crab filling onto the center of the wrapper. Fold the wonton in half, corner to corner, to form a triangle. Press around the filling to knock out any air bubbles, then press <END>
INPUT: spiced, onion, garlic, cumin seeds, olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cinnamon-Spiced Rice | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 medium onion, chopped; 3 garlic cloves, chopped; 3/4 teaspoon cumin seeds; 1 (2 1/2- to 3-inch) cinnamon stick; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1 1/2 cups long-grain white rice; 2 1/4 cups reduced-sodium chicken broth; 3/4 teaspoon sugar; 3/4 teaspoon black pepper; 1 teaspoon salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook onion, garlic, cumin seeds, and cinnamon stick in oil in a 2- to 3-quart heavy saucepan over moderate heat, stirring, until onion is beginning to soften, about 3 minutes. Add rice and cook, stirring, until grains become slightly translucent, about 2 minutes. Stir in broth, sugar, pepper, and salt and bring to a boil. Reduce heat and simmer, covered, until rice is tender and liquid is absorbed, about 15 minutes. Remove from heat and let stand, covered, 10 minutes. Fluff rice with a fork and discard cinnamon stick if desired. Cook onion, garlic, cumin seeds, and cinnamon stick in oil in a 2 <END>
INPUT: Mexican, cincinnati, virgin olive oil, sweet onions, beef chuck, Kosher salt pepper, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cincinnati Chili | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 4 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 2 sweet onions (such as Vidalia), finely chopped, plus more for topping; 2 pounds ground beef chuck; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 4 cloves garlic, minced; 1 15-ounce can tomato sauce; 2 medium tomatoes, diced; 1/4 cup apple cider vinegar; 1/4 cup chili powder; 2 tablespoons paprika; 1 tablespoon ground cinnamon; 2 teaspoons ground cumin; 1/2 teaspoon ground allspice; 1/4 teaspoon ground cloves; 1/4 teaspoon cayenne pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat the olive oil in a large, heavy pot over medium-high heat. Add the onions and cook, stirring, until translucent, about 5 minutes. Transfer to a plate. Add the ground beef to the pot, sprinkle with 1/2 teaspoon each salt and black pepper and cook, breaking up the meat with a wooden spoon, until no longer pink, about 4 minutes. Remove from the heat and return the cooked onions to the pot; stir in the garlic. Combine the tomato sauce, diced tomatoes, vinegar, chili powder, paprika, cinnamon, cumin, allspice, cloves and cayenne in a bowl; add to the pot along with 1 cup water and stir to comb <END>
INPUT: minted, sauce, mangoes, water, mild honey, sugar, mint
OUTPUT: TITLE: Minted Honey Mango Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 cups chopped peeled mangoes (preferably Champagne mangoes), divided; 6 tablespoons water; 2 tablespoons mild honey; 2 tablespoons sugar; 1 tablespoons finely chopped mint; Accompaniment: tangy frozen Greek yogurt or vanilla ice cream | INSTRUCTIONS: Purée 2 cups mango with water, honey, and sugar in a blender until smooth. Transfer to a serving bowl and stir in remaining cup mango and mint. Purée 2 cups mango with water, honey, and sugar in a blender until smooth. Transfer to a serving bowl and stir in remaining cup mango and mint. <END>
INPUT: served, coarse salt, ice cubes, caviar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Caviar served on Ice Cubes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup coarse salt; 12 ice cubes; 1-ounce caviar (your choice of fancy imported or economic lumpfish) | INSTRUCTIONS: Spread salt over a serving plate. Place ice cubes on plate. Spoon 1/2 teaspoon of caviar on each ice cube. Serve immediately. <END>
INPUT: American, blackened, plantains, paprika, onion powder, garlic powder, kosher salt, cayenne
OUTPUT: TITLE: Blackened Hanger Steak with Plantains and Chimichurri | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons paprika; 2 teaspoons onion powder; 2 teaspoons garlic powder; 1 teaspoon kosher salt; 1/4 teaspoon cayenne; 1/4 teaspoon chili powder; 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; Two 8-ounce hanger steaks; 2 tablespoons vegetable oil; 1 cup fresh flat-leaf parsley; 1/4 cup fresh cilantro; 1/4 cup red wine vinegar; 2 cloves garlic, minced; 1/2 teaspoon crushed red pepper; 1/2 cup extra-virgin olive oil | INSTRUCTIONS: For the blackened hanger steak: Mix together the paprika, onion powder, garlic powder, salt, cayenne, chili powder and black pepper in a bowl. Rub the mixture over the hanger steaks and put the steaks on a wire-racked baking sheet. Place in the fridge overnight. For the chimichurri sauce: In a food processor, add the parsley, cilantro, red wine vinegar and garlic. Pulse until combined but still a bit coarse, about 10 pulses. Add in the crushed red pepper, and then slowly drizzle in the oil and pulse about 5 more times. Season with salt and pepper and set aside for the flavors to meld. (The chi <END>
INPUT: Italian, pesto, gingerroot, garlic, lime juice, olive oil, thyme
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Swordfish with Pesto | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 2 teaspoons minced gingerroot; 2 cloves garlic, minced; 3 tablespoons fresh lime juice; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 2 tablespoons minced thyme; Salt and pepper; 4 swordfish steaks, (about 6 ounces each and 1-inch thick); 1/3 cup olive oil; 1/2 cup freshly grated Parmesan cheese; 1/3 cup pine nuts; Salt and freshly grated black pepper; 2 cups coarsely chopped fresh basil leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: In a bowl combine the gingerroot, garlic, lime juice, oil, thyme, salt and pepper. Arrange the swordfish steaks in a shallow glass baking dish and spoon the marinade over them. Let the fish marinate, covered and chilled, turning once, for an hour. Meanwhile, make the pesto. In a food processor combine all the ingredients and transfer to a bowl. Place swordfish steaks on your grill. Cook the steaks 4 inches above the coals for 3 to 4 minutes on each side, or until firm to the touch. Alternatively, broil them under a preheated broiler 4 inches from the heat for 3 to 4 minutes on each side. Serve <END>
INPUT: punch, pineapple, bottles wine, brandy, confectioners sugar, granulated sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pineapple Punch | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 large ripe pineapple (4 1/4lb) (preferably "extra sweet"); 2 750-ml bottles dry white wine; 1/2 cup brandy; 1/4 cup confectioners sugar; 1 cup granulated sugar; 1 cup water; 2 chilled 750-ml bottles Champagne; Special equipment: a candy thermometer | INSTRUCTIONS: Cut off and discard top of pineapple. Cut off rind and cut rind into 2-inch pieces. Quarter pineapple lengthwise and cut away core, then cut core into 2-inch pieces. Blend rind and core to a coarse purée in a food processor, in batches if necessary. Put pineapple purée in a bowl and stir in white wine. Chill, covered, 1 hour. Cut remaining pineapple into 1/3-inch dice and stir with brandy and confectioners sugar in another bowl. Macerate, covered and chilled, stirring occasionally, 1 hour. While pineapple is macerating, bring granulated sugar and water to a boil, stirring until sugar is dissol <END>
INPUT: Mexican, skewers, relish, garlic, lemon zest, olive oil, orange juice, cilantro
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Shrimp Skewers with Pineapple-Corn Relish | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2 cloves garlic, minced; 1 tsp lemon zest; 2 tbsp olive oil; 1/4 cup orange juice; 1/4 cup finely chopped fresh cilantro; 1 tsp chili powder; 16 jumbo shrimp, peeled and deveined; Olive- or vegetable-oil cooking spray; 1 cup corn, fresh or frozen (thawed); 1 large shallot, finely diced; 1/2 fresh pineapple, cut into 1/2-inch cubes; 1 medium jalapeño pepper, cored, seeded and finely chopped; 1/3 cup finely chopped fresh cilantro; 1/4 cup fresh lime juice; 1 tsp celery salt | INSTRUCTIONS: For marinade: Combine ingredients in a large freezer bag; shake for 1 minute. Refrigerate 1 hour. Combine ingredients in a large freezer bag; shake for 1 minute. Refrigerate 1 hour. For relish: Coat a medium skillet with cooking spray; sauté corn and shallot until shallot is caramel in color, about 3 minutes. In a bowl, mix remaining ingredients. Add corn. Season with salt and pepper. Skewer shrimp and grill over medium-high heat (or broil) until pink (about 2 minutes per side). Serve each skewer atop a spoonful of relish. Coat a medium skillet with cooking spray; sauté corn and shallot until  <END>
INPUT: bread flour, cocoa powder, granulated sugar, water, active yeast
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate Bread | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 1/2 cups bread flour; 1/4 cup cocoa powder, preferably Valrhona; 1/3 cup plus 2 tablespoons granulated sugar; 1 cup water; 2 teaspoons active dry yeast; 1/4 cup Chocolate Bread Starter, recipe follows; 1 1/4 teaspoons fine salt; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, room temperature, plus more for pans; 3 ounces good quality, bittersweet chocolate, chopped in 1/4-inch pieces, preferably Valrhona Manjari; Vegetable oil, for bowl; 2 tablespoons turbinado sugar; 1 large egg yolk, lightly beaten; 1 tablespoon heavy cream; 1/4 teaspoon active dry yeast; 1 cup lukewarm water | INSTRUCTIONS: In the bowl of a heavy-duty electric mixer fitted with the dough hook, combine flour, cocoa powder, 1/3 cup sugar, 1 cup of water, yeast, and starter. Combine on low speed for 5 minutes. Let stand for 15 minutes. Add salt and butter, and mix on medium speed until the dough develops a sheen, about 10 minutes. Add chopped chocolate. Continue to mix on medium speed until completely combined, 2 to 3 minutes. Place dough in a large lightly oiled bowl, and cover with plastic wrap. Allow to rise until doubled in size, about 3 hours. Fold dough into thirds (like an envelope), and cover with plastic wr <END>
INPUT: salad, farro, low sodium chicken, virgin olive oil, wine vinegar, Kosher salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Far Out Farro Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups farro; 4 cups low-sodium chicken stock; 1/3 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 1 tablespoon red wine vinegar; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 3 cups baby arugula; 1 pint grape tomatoes, sliced in half lengthwise; 1 green apple, diced; 1 hothouse cucumber, sliced into 1/4-inch-thick half moons; 1 orange, peeled and cut into segments ("supremes") | INSTRUCTIONS: Place the farro in a large bowl and cover with cold water. Soak for 30 minutes. Then put the farro in a large pot and cover with the chicken stock and 4 cups cold water. Set over high heat and bring to a boil. Turn down the heat to a simmer and cook uncovered until the farro is tender, 25 to 30 minutes. Drain the farro and toss with the olive oil and red wine vinegar. Season with some salt and pepper. Allow to cool slightly. In a large bowl, toss the farro together with the arugula, tomatoes, apples, cucumber and orange supremes. Refrigerate until ready to serve. <END>
INPUT: Italian, pesto, summer, Coconut oil, garlic scapes, kale leaves, olive oil, Parmesan pecorino Romano
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Wild Salmon With Garlic Scape Pesto and Summer Squash | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: Coconut oil, for the grill; 2 cups garlic scapes; 2 cups packed kale leaves; 1/2 cup olive oil; 1/2 cup grated Parmesan or pecorino Romano cheese; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 1/8 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 4 wild salmon fillets, skin intact (1 pound); 1 pound yellow squash, sliced into 1/4-inch strips | INSTRUCTIONS: Oil a grill with coconut oil and preheat the grill over high heat. Put the garlic scapes, kale, olive oil, cheese, salt, and pepper in a food processor or blender and process until finely chopped. Divide the pesto in half and reserve one- half for another use. Place the salmon on the grill, flesh side down, and grill 3 to 4 minutes. Turn the salmon, and place the squash slices on the grill. Brush the pesto over the salmon and the squash. Grill the squash, turning it occasionally, for 4 to 5 minutes until cooked through. Grill the salmon 4 to 5 minutes until the skin crisps but the center is st <END>
INPUT: chowder, bacon, onion, carrot, celery, unsalted butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Scallop Chowder with Paprika Croutons | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 slices bacon, chopped; 1 small onion, chopped fine; 1 carrot, chopped fine; 1 celery rib, chopped fine; 1 tablespoon unsalted butter; 2 teaspoons all-purpose flour; 1/2 teaspoon paprika; 8 ounces bottled clam juice; 1 cup water; 1/2 cup heavy cream; 1 russet (baking) potato (about 1/2 pound); 3/4 pound firm scallops, tough muscle from sides removed; 2 tablespoons minced fresh parsley leaves; Salt and pepper; Croutons: recipe below | INSTRUCTIONS: In a heavy saucepan cook bacon over moderate heat, stirring, until crisp and transfer with a slotted spoon to paper towels to drain. Pour off fat and in pan cook onion, carrot, and celery in butter over moderately low heat, stirring occasionally, until softened. Sprinkle flour over mixture and cook, stirring, 3 minutes. Stir in paprika and cook, stirring, 30 seconds. Add clam juice, water, and cream and bring to a boil, stirring occasionally. While mixture is coming to a boil, peel potato and cut into 1/4-inch dice. Add potato to mixture and simmer chowder, uncovered, 12 minutes. Make croutons <END>
INPUT: schiacciata, virgin olive oil, onions, Sea salt pepper, water, thyme leaves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Schiacciata with Caramelized Onions | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, divided; 5 cups thinly sliced onions; Sea salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1/2 cup water; 1 1/2 teaspoons finely chopped fresh thyme leaves; Cornmeal, for dusting baking sheets; 1/2 pound store bought pizza dough; All-purpose flour, for dusting dough and work surface; About 15 oil-cured olives, pitted; About 1/2 cup grated fontina or Gorgonzola; 3 small handfuls fresh flat-leaf parsley leaves, optional; Aged red-wine vinegar, optional | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat 2 tablespoons of the olive oil in a large saute pan over medium heat until hot. Add the onions, season with salt so the onions release their liquid, and reduce the heat to medium-low. Cook until the onions stop releasing water and the pan is nearly dry again, about 4 minutes. Do not allow the onions to brown. Add the water, stir, cover, and cook until softened, about 10 minutes. Uncover, stir in the thyme, and cook over medium heat until the onions are light brown, about 10 minutes longer. Season lightly with pepper. Do not cook the onions too long now as they will brown further in the ov <END>
INPUT: Indian, chutney, piece tamarind from, hot water, jaggery date sugar, coriander seeds, cumin seeds
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sweet Tamarind Chutney | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 4 oz piece tamarind from a pliable block*; 3/4 cup hot water; 1/4 cup packed jaggery date sugar* (4 oz; if necessary, chop to measure) or packed dark brown sugar; 1 teaspoon coriander seeds; 1 teaspoon cumin seeds; 1 teaspoon anise seeds; 1/2 teaspoon hot chile powder* (preferably Indian); 1/2 teaspoon salt; Special equipment: an electric coffee/spice grinder | INSTRUCTIONS: Gently mash tamarind with water in a small bowl until pulp is softened. Force pulp through a sieve into a 2- to 3-quart saucepan, pressing on and then discarding seeds and thick fibers. Add sugar and cook over low heat, stirring, just until sugar is dissolved, then return mixture to cleaned bowl. Toast coriander, cumin, and anise seeds in a small skillet over moderate heat, stirring, until fragrant and a shade darker, about 2 minutes. Cool completely, then finely grind in grinder. Stir spices into tamarind mixture along with chile powder and salt. Gently mash tamarind with water in a small bow <END>
INPUT: American, crepes, flour, sugar, salt, eggs, unsalted butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Crepes with Cheese and Raisins | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 cup flour; 1 teaspoon sugar; Pinch salt; 3 eggs; 1 tablespoon melted unsalted butter; 1 1/2 cups milk; 3/4 cup sugar; 1 lemon, zested; 2 cups farmer cheese (a dry cottage cheese); 1/2 cup unsalted butter; 4 eggs; Pinch salt; 3/4 cup creme fraiche or sour cream; 3/4 cup raisins; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract | INSTRUCTIONS: Prepare the crepes: In a bowl, combine flour, sugar, salt, eggs and melted butter. Stir until smooth. Add milk and mix well. Strain. Heat a 7-inch crepe pan or non-stick omelet pan and melt 1 teaspoon butter over moderate heat. Pour in 2 or 3 tablespoons of batter. Cook the crepe until it is golden brown on the bottom; then flip it, using a spatula. Remove when golden brown on both sides. Continue until all the batter is used. In a food processor, combine sugar and lemon zest and process until lemon zest is minced. Add the cheese, butter, 1 egg, and a pinch of salt. Process until cheese is smo <END>
INPUT: Mexican, salad, dressing, haricots verts, onion, tomatoes, lime
OUTPUT: TITLE: Red Grape Haricot Salad with Mustard Dressing | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound haricots verts (very thin string beans); 1 medium red onion, finely diced; 2 tomatoes, seeds removed and finely diced; 1 cup (about 1/4 pound) seedless red grapes; 1 lime; 1/8 cup chopped fresh rosemary leaves; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh tarragon leaves; 1/8 cup chopped fresh cilantro leaves; 4 1/2 teaspoons stone-ground mustard; 1 tablespoon rice wine vinegar; 1 1/2 teaspoons chopped fresh ginger; 1/4 cup grapeseed oil (or your choice of olive or canola oil); 1 ounce water, preferably bottled; Sea salt; Freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Blanch the haricots verts in salted boiling water until al dente (or cooked to your liking). Drain the beans into a strainer or colander and then they should be shocked by dunking the strainer of beans into a waiting bowl of ice water to stop the cooking process, and will help them retain a bright green color. Drain and set aside in refrigerator until needed. Place the lime in a small microwave-safe bowl and microwave until the essential oils in the skin are released. The lime will be hot coming from the microwave, so let it cool just enough so you can handle it, before squeezing it. Turn on t <END>
INPUT: Italian, greens, puree, olive oil, garlic, sugar snap peas, Kosher salt pepper, frisee
OUTPUT: TITLE: Quail Stuffed with Fresh Ricotta, Bacon, and Greens with Green Garlic-Sweet Pea Puree | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon olive oil; 2 stalks green garlic, white part only, finely diced; 4 cups sugar snap peas, strings removed; Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper; 1 head frisee; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1 teaspoon minced garlic; 2 strips bacon, diced; 1/2 cup fresh ricotta cheese; 1 tablespoon grated Parmesan cheese; 1/4 teaspoon minced fresh chervil; 1/4 teaspoon minced fresh flat-leaf parsley; Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper; 8 quail, semi-boneless; Pea sprouts, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: To prepare the pea puree: Bring a pot of heavily salted water (2 tablespoons salt per quart) to a boil. In a saute pan over medium heat, heat the olive oil. Add the garlic and saute, stirring occasionally, for 5 minutes. Remove from the heat and set aside. Blanch the peas for 3 or 4 minutes in the boiling water. Drain and puree in a food processor or pass through a foodmill. Combine with the sauteed garlic. Taste for seasoning. Set aside. To prepare the stuffing: Wash the frisee, remove the stem, and discard the tough outer leaves. In a saute pan over medium heat, heat the olive oil. Saute the <END>
INPUT: rice, noodle, smooth natural peanut, sugar, garlic, Zest Lime, cayenne pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Peanut Butter Chicken Wings, Rice Noodle Salad with Peanut Crunch and Rice Wine Vinegar Dressing | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups smooth natural peanut butter; 1/2 cup brown sugar; 8 cloves garlic, minced; Zest of 1 Lime; 1 teaspoon cayenne pepper; 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 1 cup soy sauce; 1/2 cup water; Juice of 2 limes; 24 chicken wings; Peanut Butter Chicken Wing Marinade; Peanut oil, for frying; 2 red finger chiles, halved, seeded, and sliced; 2 shallots, peeled, halved, and sliced; 5 tablespoons cornstarch | INSTRUCTIONS: For the peanut butter chicken wing marinade: Put peanut butter, brown sugar, garlic, lime zest, cayenne pepper, black pepper, soy sauce, water, and lime juice in a large bowl, stir to incorporate and reserve. For the peanut butter chicken wings: Score the chicken wings to allow the marinade to penetrate the meat. Put the chicken wings in the peanut butter marinade. Massage the wings in the marinade and put in the refrigerator for 30 minutes to a maximum of 24 hours. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line a large baking tray with parchment paper. Put the wings on a tray and bake in the oven, t <END>
INPUT: soup, heavy cream, oysters liquor, unsalted butter, celery, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Oyster Soup | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 cups heavy cream; 1 pint oysters and liquor, separated; 1 tablespoon unsalted butter; 1/2 cup finely chopped celery; 1/2 cup finely chopped onion; 1 teaspoon celery seed; 1 1/2 teaspoons hot pepper sauce; 1 tablespoon lemon juice; 2 tablespoons freshly chopped parsley leaves, chervil, or chives; Salt and pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: In a heavy 2-quart saucepan over medium heat, bring the heavy cream and oyster liquor from the oysters to a simmer. Remove from the heat. Meanwhile, in a large saute pan over medium heat, melt the butter. Add the celery and a pinch of the salt and sweat for 3 to 4 minutes. Add the onion and continue cooking until translucent, about 4 to 5 minutes. Add celery seed, hot pepper sauce, and oysters and cook for 1 to 2 minutes, or until the edges of the oysters start to curl. Transfer the oysters to the carafe of a blender and add enough of the cream just to cover.* Puree until the mixture is smooth <END>
INPUT: American, berry, cobbler, piece refrigerated pie, all purpose flour, crisp apples, granulated sugar, lemon juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Apple-Berry Cobbler Pie | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 piece refrigerated pie dough (half of a 14-ounce box); 2 tablespoons all-purpose flour, plus more for dusting; 3 pounds crisp apples (such as Braeburn or Empire); 2/3 cup granulated sugar; 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 3 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon or apple pie spice; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 1 1/2 cups mixed berries (such as raspberries, blueberries and blackberries); 1 cup all-purpose flour; 3 tablespoons granulated sugar; 1 teaspoon baking powder; 1/8 teaspoon baking soda; Pinch of freshly grated nutmeg; Pinch of salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Prepare the crust: Roll out the dough into a 12-inch round on a lightly floured surface. Ease into a 9-inch pie plate, fold the overhanging dough under itself and crimp the edge with your fingers. Chill 30 minutes. Position a rack in the lower third of the oven and preheat to 350 degrees F. Line the dough with foil and fill with pie weights or dried beans. Bake until golden around the edge, about 20 minutes. Remove the foil and weights and continue baking until golden all over, 10 to 15 more minutes. Transfer to a rack and let cool completely. Meanwhile, make the filling: Peel the apples; cut  <END>
INPUT: unsalted butter, almonds, Kosher salt, cinnamon, cherries
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sauteed Cherries with Grappa and Almonds | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature, divided; 1/2 cup whole almonds, skin-on; Kosher salt; 1/4 teaspoon ground cinnamon, sifted; 1 pound or 3 cups whole cherries, preferably Bing cherries, washed, dried, cut open and pitted, but left somewhat whole; 1/2 cup granulated sugar; 2 cinnamon sticks; 1/2 cup Grappa, plus a splash to finish; 1 pint lemon sorbet | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. After spending some time in the south of France, I really came to love certain fruits and nuts mixed together in desserts. Maybe it's because almonds and cherries are actually both fruits, that I feel they belong together. Or maybe, quite simply, it's the flavor combination of these 2 ingredients that makes them perfect (and simple finish) for any meal. It can be paired with a sorbet or ice cream, depending on your mood. Heat a heavy-bottomed skillet over medium-high heat. Add 1 tablespoon butter and the almonds. Stir to coat the nuts with the butter. Add the gro <END>
INPUT: shortcake, whipped, all purpose flour, sugar, baking powder, salt, unsalted butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Apricot Nectarine Shortcake with Vanilla Whipped Cream | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups all-purpose flour; 2 tablespoons sugar, plus 2 tablespoons for sprinkling; 1 tablespoon baking powder; Pinch salt; 1 stick unsalted butter, chilled, cut into pea-size pieces; 1/2 cup heavy cream; 1/4 cup unsalted butter; 5 apricots, pitted, cut into sixths; 5 nectarines, pitted, cut into sixths; 2 tablespoons sugar; 1 1/2 cups heavy cream, chilled; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; 1 tablespoon sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. In the food processor combine the flour, 2 tablespoons of sugar, baking powder and salt. Add the butter and pulse until the mixture looks like grated Parmesan cheese. Add the cream and pulse until the mixture looks very crumbly but sticks together. Remove the blade from the processor and form craggy looking dough balls about the size of a small tennis ball. Put the dough balls on a baking sheet lined with a silpat or parchment paper. Sprinkle each ball with a little sugar. Bake in the preheated oven for about 11 to 12 minutes. R <END>
INPUT: soup, olive oil, chicken wings, carrots, celery
OUTPUT: TITLE: Quick Chicken Tortellini Soup | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon olive oil; 2 chicken wings; 3 bone-in, skin-on chicken breasts (about 2 1/2 pounds); 3 carrots, diced; 3 stalks celery, diced; 2 shallots, minced; Couple splashes dry sherry; 24 cups (6 quarts) good-quality, low-sodium chicken stock; 4 sprigs fresh thyme, chopped; 1 bay leaf; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 lemon, zested and juiced, plus lemon wedges, for garnish; 2 cups cheese tortellini; Chopped fresh parsley, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Heat a heavy-bottomed Dutch oven or soup pot to medium heat and add the oil. Put the chicken wings and breasts in skin-side down and cook without moving until golden brown, 6 to 8 minutes. Set aside the chicken. Add the carrots, celery and shallots. Saute until the shallots are translucent, about 10 minutes, stirring all the while. Deglaze with the dry sherry and scrape up any bits off the bottom. Add the stock, fresh thyme and bay leaf, return the chicken to the pot and bring to a low simmer; simmer until the chicken is cooked through, about 20 minutes. Set asid <END>
INPUT: julep, Bulleit Bourbon, leaves mint, sugar, water
OUTPUT: TITLE: Bulleit Mint Julep | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 15 oz. Bulleit Bourbon; 30 leaves fresh mint; 1 cup sugar; 1 cup water | INSTRUCTIONS: Wash mint leaves, pat dry and put them in a small mixing bowl. Cover with 3 ounces of Bulleit Bourbon and let soak for 15 minutes. Remove mint, then place them in a clean cotton cloth and wring over bowl, bruising the leaves. Dip back into bourbon and wring again. Repeat several times to create mint extract. Set extract aside for 1 hour. You can also put the leaves back in the extract for a more concentrated mint flavor. Combine mint extract (leaves included, if preferred) with simple syrup (1 cup sugar and 1 cup water) in a covered glass container or jar and refrigerate overnight. Fill julep  <END>
INPUT: Italian, warm, risotto, vegetable stock, unsalted butter, virgin olive oil, shallot, Arborio rice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Warm Risotto with Melon and Speck | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups vegetable stock, or more as needed; 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, divided; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, plus more for garnish; 1 shallot, finely chopped; 1 cup Arborio rice; 1/2 cup white wine; 1 Parmigiano-Reggiano crust; Freshly ground pepper; 2 tablespoons freshly grated Parmesan; 3/4 cup hand-cut speck, sliced into strips; 1/2 Tuscan melon, peeled and diced 1/4 inch (3/4 cup to 1 cup); Sea sat; Zucchini flowers, for garnish, optional | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat the vegetable broth and 2 cups water in a pot. Heat 2 tablespoons of the butter and the olive oil in another pot over medium-high heat. Add the shallots and saute until softened but not colored, 4 to 5 minutes. Add the rice and stir well, evenly coating all the grains, then add the white wine and cook until reduced, about 3 minutes, without lowering the flame. Lower the flame and start adding the broth one ladle at the time, stirring almost constantly to prevent the rice from sticking. Add the crust of Parmigiano and some pepper, stir well and keep cooking. The rice should be ready in abo <END>
INPUT: sauce, garlic, olive oil, Roma tomatoes, Salt pepper taste, basil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fresh Tomato Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 garlic cloves, crushed; 1/2 cup olive oil; 12 ripe Roma tomatoes, chopped; Salt and black pepper to taste; 1/2 cup chopped basil | INSTRUCTIONS: Sauté the garlic in the olive oil until soft. Add the tomatoes, salt, and pepper and cook until the tomatoes begin to soften. Add all but a couple of tablespoons of the basil. Put the mixture in a blender and blend until smooth. Sauté the garlic in the olive oil until soft. Add the tomatoes, salt, and pepper and cook until the tomatoes begin to soften. Add all but a couple of tablespoons of the basil. Put the mixture in a blender and blend until smooth. <END>
INPUT: dumplings, flour, shortening, ice water, salt, apples
OUTPUT: TITLE: Apple Dumplings | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 cups flour; 2 cups shortening; 1 cup ice cold water; 1 teaspoon salt; 4 large apples, peeled and cored; 4 tablespoons brown sugar; 2 teaspoons cinnamon | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. Lightly grease a cake pan. Prepare dumpling pastry. Roll the pastry into a rectangle, 10 by 8 inches. Cut into 4 (4-inch squares) with pastry cutter or knife. Place apple on each square. Spoon 1 tablespoon brown sugar and 1 teaspoon cinnamon into the center of each apple. Moisten corners, pinching edges of pastry to seal. Brush with slightly beaten egg and sprinkle with additional sugar. Bake 30 minutes or until crust is golden and apples are tender. <END>
INPUT: American, flan, sauce, asparagus, eggs, milk, Parmigiano Reggiano, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Asparagus Flan with Cheese Sauce | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 lb asparagus, trimmed; 4 large eggs; 1 1/3 cups whole milk; 2 tablespoons freshly grated Parmigiano-Reggiano; 1 1/4 teaspoons salt; 1/2 teaspoon black pepper; 1/8 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg, or to taste; 1/4 lb Italian Fontina, rind discarded and cheese coarsely grated (or cut into 1/4-inch dice if too soft to grate); 1/2 cup whole milk; 2 large eggs yolks; 1 tablespoon butter | INSTRUCTIONS: Make flan: Put oven rack in middle position and preheat oven to 325°F. Butter an 8- by 2-inch round cake pan and line bottom with a round of wax paper, then butter paper. 3Steam asparagus in a steamer set over boiling water, covered, until very tender, 6 to 8 minutes. Purée asparagus in a food processor until smooth, 1 to 2 minutes. (You will have about 2 cups purée.) Whisk together eggs, milk, cheese, salt, pepper, and nutmeg in a bowl, then whisk in asparagus purée. Pour asparagus mixture into pan and bake in a hot water bath until flan is set and a wooden pick or skewer inserted in center c <END>
INPUT: cakes, mashed potatoes, vegetable oil, unsalted butter, all purpose flour, kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mashed Potato Cakes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups chilled mashed potatoes (see Note); 2 tablespoons vegetable oil; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1/2 cup all-purpose flour, for dredging; 1 1/2 teaspoons kosher salt; 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Divide the mashed potatoes into 8 equal portions. Use your hands to form 1/2-inch thick patties. Heat the oil with the butter in a large nonstick skillet over medium-high heat until almost smoking. Mix the flour with the salt and pepper in a pie plate. Coat the potato patties in the flour mixture. Add the potato cakes to the pan and reduce the heat to medium-low. Cook until they have formed a golden crust, 15 to 20 minutes. (Peek underneath using a spatula before turning.) Turn and cook the other side until golden brown, about 15 minutes. Season with additional salt and pepper and serve hot. N <END>
INPUT: saltimbocca, salad, ricotta, Parmigiano Reggiano, sage leaves, milk half half, Kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Stuffed Chicken Saltimbocca with Arugula and Tomato Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup fresh ricotta; 1/2 cup grated Parmigiano-Reggiano; 8 to 10 fresh sage leaves, very thinly sliced; Splash of milk or half-and-half; Kosher salt; 4 boneless, skinless chicken breast halves; Freshly ground pepper; 8 slices prosciutto di Parma; EVOO, for drizzling; 3 tablespoons butter; 3 cloves garlic, finely chopped; 1 cup panko; 1 tablespoon fresh thyme leaves, chopped; A few handfuls arugula (1 bunch), stemmed; 4 plum tomatoes, thinly sliced lengthwise | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine the ricotta, 1/4 cup Parmigiano-Reggiano, sage and milk and season with salt. Butterfly each chicken breast, cutting horizontally into the thickest part of the breast almost all the way through to the other side (keeping the breast attached on one side). Open each breast like a book and pound to 1/8 to 1/4-inch thick using the flat side of a meat mallet. Sprinkle the chicken with salt and pepper. Place a spoonful of the ricotta mixture in the center of each chicken breasts, then fold the chicken over to enclose the filling. Wrap each chicken breast with 2 slices prosciutto, overlapping <END>
INPUT: double, cookies, semisweet bittersweet, unsalted butter, flour, unsweetened cocoa, baking powder
OUTPUT: TITLE: Double Chocolate and Mint Cookies | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 ounces semisweet or bittersweet (60-percent) chocolate, chopped; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1 cup flour; 2 tablespoons unsweetened cocoa; 1 teaspoon baking powder; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 2/3 cup sugar; 2 eggs, at room temperature; 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract; One 5-ounce package chocolate mint thins, such as Andes, each cut into thirds | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Place 1 oven rack in the center of the oven and 1 oven rack in the bottom third and preheat the oven to 300 degrees F. Line 2 large rimmed baking sheets with parchment paper. Set aside. In a small bowl, combine the bittersweet chocolate and butter. Place the bowl over a pan of barely simmering water and stir occasionally until the chocolate has melted and the mixture is smooth. In a medium bowl, sift the flour, cocoa, baking powder and salt. In a large bowl, whisk together the sugar, eggs, 2 tablespoons water and vanilla extract. Gradually add the dry ingredients <END>
INPUT: wraps, cantaloupe, honeydew melon, very prosciutto, toothpicks
OUTPUT: TITLE: Melon and Prosciutto Wraps | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cantaloupe; 1/2 honeydew melon; 24 very thin slices prosciutto; 48 toothpicks | INSTRUCTIONS: Scoop out seeds from each melon half. Cut each half into 6 wedges. Remove melon skins. Wrap 1 or 2 slices of prosciutto around each wedge. Secure prosciutto with 4 toothpicks. Cut each wedge into 4 bite-sized pieces. Cover and refrigerate. Serve chilled. (Can be made 2 to 3 hours ahead of time and chilled. Make sure melon wedges are well wrapped so that they do not dry out.) <END>
INPUT: rolls, water, mild honey, salt, all purpose flour
OUTPUT: TITLE: Yeast Rolls | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup warm water (105-115°F); 1 (1/4-ounce) package active dry yeast (2 1/4 teaspoons); 1 tablespoon mild honey; 2 teaspoons salt; 3 to 3 1/2 cups all-purpose flour; 1 cup well-shaken buttermilk at room temperature; 1/2 stick (1/4 cup) unsalted butter, melted; Vegetable oil for greasing bowl; 1 large egg, lightly beaten with 1 tablespoon water; Special equipment: an instant-read thermometer (for checking water temperature); a clean kitchen towel (not terry cloth); parchment paper | INSTRUCTIONS: Stir together water, yeast, and honey in a small bowl and let stand until foamy, about 5 minutes. (If mixture doesn't foam, discard and start over with new yeast.) Stir salt into 3 cups flour in a large bowl, then add yeast mixture, buttermilk, and butter, stirring until a soft dough forms. Turn out dough onto a floured surface and knead, adding just enough more flour to prevent sticking, until smooth and elastic, 6 to 10 minutes. Form dough into a ball and transfer to an oiled large bowl, turning to coat. Cover bowl with kitchen towel and let dough rise in a draft-free place at warm room temp <END>
INPUT: bread, pudding, half half, egg yolks, sugar, espresso powder
OUTPUT: TITLE: Banana Espresso Bread Pudding | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 16 (1/2-inch-thick) slices day-old baguette; 3 cups half-and-half; 6 large egg yolks; 3/4 cup plus 1 tablespoon sugar; 3 tablespoons instant-espresso powder; 3 firm-ripe bananas, halved crosswise, then halved lengthwise; 1 1/2 tablespoons unsalted butter | INSTRUCTIONS: Put oven rack in middle position and preheat oven to 325°F. Arrange bread in 2 layers in a 2-quart (8-inch square) baking dish. Whisk together half-and-half, yolks, 3/4 cup sugar, and espresso powder, then pour over bread and soak 10 minutes. Cook bananas in butter in a 12-inch heavy skillet over moderate heat, turning over once, until golden brown, about 6 minutes total. Lay bananas, cut sides up, over bread and sprinkle evenly with remaining tablespoon sugar. Bake, uncovered, until custard is set, 50 minutes to 1 hour. Serve warm. Put oven rack in middle position and preheat oven to 325°F. A <END>
INPUT: crisp, cake, turbot fluke, Yukon Gold Potatoes, Leaves from thyme, kosher salt, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Turbot on a Crisp Potato Cake with Teardrop Tomatoes and Gaeta Olives | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: One 1 - pound whole turbot or fluke, gutted and scaled; 2 medium Yukon Gold Potatoes (about 1 pound total); Leaves from 2 fresh thyme sprigs (about 1 teaspoon); teaspoon kosher salt; Freshly ground black pepper; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 10 pear or cherry tomatoes (preferably small); cup dry white wine; 1 tablespoon white wine vinegar; 1 tablespoon unsalted butter; cup pitted Gaeta olives; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 fresh rosemary springs | INSTRUCTIONS: PREPARE THE TURBOT: Rinse the fish under cold running water until the water runs clear and no trace of blood remains. Cut off the head and tail with a large knife or cleaver. Use a pair of scissors to cut off the fins, including the two lines of fins that run along the sides of the fish. Cut the fish crosswise in half through the backbone and set aside. Rinse the fish under cold running water until the water runs clear and no trace of blood remains. Cut off the head and tail with a large knife or cleaver. Use a pair of scissors to cut off the fins, including the two lines of fins that run alon <END>
INPUT: Asian, brined, roast, Kosher salt, sugar, peppercorns, star anise, cinnamon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Maple Brined Roast Turkey | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup Kosher salt, plus more to taste; 1/2 cup packed brown sugar; 1 tablespoon whole black peppercorns; 10 whole star anise; 2 cinnamon sticks; 1 teaspoon crushed red chile flakes; 2-inch piece fresh peeled ginger, sliced; 8 garlic cloves, smashed; 1 1/2 cups plus 2 tablespoons grade B maple syrup; 1 cup plus 1 tablespoon soy sauce; 5 quarts plus 2 cups water; 1 whole (10- to 12-pound) turkey, giblets and neck removed; Freshly ground black pepper; 3 red onions, cut into 1-inch wedges | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. In a very large (14- to 16-quart) stockpot, combine the salt, sugar, peppercorns, star anise, cinnamon, ginger, garlic, chile flakes, 1 1/2 cups syrup, and 1 cup soy sauce. Heat over medium heat, stirring continuously, just until the salt and sugar dissolve. Remove from the heat and stir in 5 quarts water. Let the mixture stand until room temperature. 2. Submerge the turkey in the liquid, press a piece of plastic wrap over the turkey and weight the bird down with a heavy dish of small pot so that the turkey stays in the liquid. Refrigerate for 1 to 3 days. 3. Remove the turkey from the brin <END>
INPUT: cupcakes, rice flour, amaranth flour, tapioca flour, gluten free baking, fine salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Gluten-Free Vanilla Cupcakes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 cup brown rice flour; 1/2 cup amaranth flour; 1/4 cup tapioca flour; 1 1/2 teaspoons gluten-free baking powder; 1/2 teaspoon fine salt; 2 large eggs, at room temperature; 2/3 cup sugar; 1 1/2 sticks (6 ounces) unsalted butter, melted; 2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract; 1/2 cup milk | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F and position a rack in the middle of the oven. Line one 12-cup standard muffin tin or two 24-cup mini-muffin tins with cupcake liners. Whisk the rice flour, amaranth flour, tapioca flour, baking powder and salt together in a medium bowl. In another medium bowl, beat the eggs and sugar with an electric mixer until light and foamy, about 2 minutes. While beating, gradually pour in the butter and then the vanilla. While mixing slowly, add half the dry ingredients. Then add all the milk and follow with the rest of the dry ingredients. Take care not to overmix the  <END>
INPUT: stock, Reserved bones fish, onion, garlic, thyme, carrots
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fish Stock | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Reserved bones of white fish; 1 medium onion, roughly chopped; 2 garlic cloves, roughly chopped; 2 thyme sprigs; 2 carrots, roughly chopped; 2 celery stalks, roughly chopped (optional); Scallion trimmings; Cilantro stems | INSTRUCTIONS: Put all ingredients into a stockpot and add enough water to just cover ingredients. Bring to a gentle boil then reduce to a simmer. Cook for 30 minutes. Strain and cool then refrigerate or freeze.; <END>
INPUT: American, redonkadonk, oil, Texas toast bread, canola oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Redonkadonk Burger | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons oil; 4 slices Texas toast or thick-cut white bread; 1 (4-ounce) burger; 5 (1-ounce) slices of American cheese; 14 cup canola oil; 2 ounces spam; 3 ounces ham; 2 strips cooked bacon; 1 extra-large egg; Lettuce, tomato, onions, ketchup, mustard, for serving or whatever else you like on a burger | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat the 2 tablespoons oil in a large pan until hot, but not smoking, to approximately 250 to 300 degrees F. Make 2 grilled cheese sandwiches in the oil with the Texas toast and 2 slices of cheese per sandwich. Set these aside to use as the bun. In the same pan, cook the burger about 4 minutes per side, or until desired doneness. Season the burger with salt and pepper. Set the burger aside. Coat the pan with oil, and fry the spam until crispy. While the spam is cooking, heat a second, nonstick pan to just over 160 degrees F and cook your egg however you like-we fry it medium. Now, heat the ham <END>
INPUT: fritters, cornmeal, sharp Cheddar, onion, bell pepper, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cornmeal Cheddar Fritters | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup cornmeal; 1 cup grated sharp Cheddar; 1/2 cup grated onion; 1/4 cup minced red bell pepper; 1 teaspoon salt; Cayenne, to taste; 3/4 cup boiling water; Vegetable oil for frying; Louisiana-style hot sauce, for example Crystal brand | INSTRUCTIONS: In a bowl combine cornmeal, Cheddar, onion, bell pepper, salt, and cayenne. Stir in boiling water and mix thoroughly. In a deep heavy pan or deep fryer heat 3 inches of vegetable oil to 350 F. Drop 6 spoonfuls of the batter into the oil and fry for 2 to 3 minutes or until golden brown. Transfer fritters to paper towels to drain. Season with additional salt if desired. Serve warm with hot sauce.; <END>
INPUT: American, onions, bell peppers, all natural hot, mayonnaise, your favorite BBQ
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fritzi Dog's BBQ Dog | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 large onions, sliced; 2 large red bell peppers, sliced; 1 all-natural hot dog, such as Fritzi Dog or Applegate All-Natural Dogs; 1/2 cup mayonnaise; 1/4 cup your favorite BBQ sauce; One 16-ounce bag your favorite BBQ potato chips | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat a grill to high heat. Grill your onions, bell peppers and hot dog to perfection. Mix together the mayo and BBQ sauce in a small bowl. Top your dog with the sauce, grilled onions and grilled bell peppers. Top it all off with a handful of BBQ potato chips and enjoy. Use remaining sauce, onions and peppers for additional hot dogs. <END>
INPUT: bark, shelled salted pistachios, good chocolate, cranberries, apricots
OUTPUT: TITLE: White Chocolate Bark | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup whole shelled salted pistachios; 16 ounces good white chocolate, finely chopped (see note); 1/4 cup dried cranberries; 1/4 cup medium-diced dried apricots | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Using a pencil, draw an 8-by-10-inch rectangle on a piece of parchment paper. Turn the parchment paper over so the pencil mark doesn¿t get onto the chocolate and place it on a sheet pan. Place the pistachios in one layer on another sheet pan and bake for 8 minutes. Set aside to cool. Place three-quarters of the white chocolate in a heat-proof glass bowl and put it in the microwave on high for 30 seconds. (Time it with your watch for accuracy.) Stir the chocolate with a rubber spatula, return it to the microwave for another 30 seconds, then stir again. Continu <END>
INPUT: American, apples, cinnamon, vanilla wafer cookies
OUTPUT: TITLE: Caramel Apple Pie on a Stick | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 (14-ounce) package caramels, unwrapped; 3 apples; 3 cinnamon sticks; 30 vanilla wafer cookies; 1 teaspoon cinnamon | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat a small saucepan over high heat. Add 3 tablespoons water and the caramels and reduce the heat to low. Stir the caramels frequently until they are completely melted. Be careful not to burn the caramel. While the caramels are melting, pull the stems out of the apples and cut a thin slice from the bottoms so they have a flat surface to stand on. Insert a cinnamon stick into the top of each apple. Put the vanilla wafers into a plastic bag and coarsely crush them. Put the crumbs into a bowl and mix in the cinnamon. Dip each apple into the melted caramel, making sure to get it completely coated <END>
INPUT: asparagus, scallion, lemon zest, peppercorns
OUTPUT: TITLE: Asparagus with Scallion Butter | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 pounds thin asparagus (about 40), trimmed and peeled; 1/2 stick (1/4 cup) unsalted butter; 1/2 cup minced white part of scallion; 1 teaspoon freshly grated lemon zest; 12 whole black peppercorns | INSTRUCTIONS: In a kettle of boiling salted water cook the asparagus for 3 to 5 minutes, or until it is tender but not limp, and drain it well in a colander. In a small saucepan melt the butter, stir in the scallion, the zest, the peppercorns, and salt to taste, and simmer the mixture for 3 minutes. Strain the butter mixture through a fine sieve into the kettle, add the asparagus and salt and pepper to taste, and heat the asparagus over moderately high heat, tossing it gently, until it is heated through. In a kettle of boiling salted water cook the asparagus for 3 to 5 minutes, or until it is tender but not <END>
INPUT: poundcake, butter, sugar, eggs, vanilla
OUTPUT: TITLE: Espresso Chip Poundcake | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound butter; 3/4 cup sugar; 2 cups brown sugar; 5 eggs; 1 tablespoon vanilla; 4 cups flour; 1 tablespoon baking powder; 1/2 tablespoon salt; 1/8 cup sour cream; 3/4 cup buttermilk; 1 cup espresso, liquid shots, not grounds; 2 cups semisweet chocolate chips | INSTRUCTIONS: Cream the butter, sugar and brown sugar together. Start on a slow speed until blended, then turn it up to the highest speed until it is light and fluffy. Add the eggs and vanilla to the mixture and mix on medium speed until the eggs are fully broken up and combined. Do not over mix this part. Sift the flour, baking powder, and salt together, add to the mixture and mix until combined. Add the sour cream and buttermilk and mix until combined. Add the espresso, and mix until it is combined. If you are using hot espresso shots, then pour them slowly into the mixture so that it does not begin to co <END>
INPUT: Indian, custard, vanilla bean, dark roast coffee, cardamom pods, egg yolks
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cardamom-Coffee Custard | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups whole, 2 percent fat, or 1 percent fat milk; 1/2 vanilla bean, split lengthwise; 2 tablespoons dark-roast coffee beans, crushed with a heavy skillet; 4 green cardamom pods, crushed; 6 egg yolks; 2/3 cups sugar; 1 pinch salt; 1/4 cup cornstarch; 1 tablespoon unsalted butter; 4 whole coffee beans, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: In a nonreactive saucepan, bring the milk, vanilla bean, crushed coffee beans and cardamom to a simmer over medium heat. Immediately turn off the heat and set aside to infuse for 15 minutes. Meanwhile, in a mixer fitted with a whisk attachment (or using a hand mixer), whip the egg yolks, sugar and salt until pale yellow and fluffy. With the mixer running at low speed, mix in the cornstarch, then very gradually pour in the hot milk mixture, mixing it in as you go. Strain the mixture through a fine sieve back into the saucepan, to smooth it and to remove the spices. Whisking constantly, cook ove <END>
INPUT: Italian, sauce, Salt, wheat shells penne, golden apples, cloudy apple cider, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pork Chops, Golden Apple and Raisin Sauce, Whole Wheat Pasta Mac-n-Cheddar | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: Salt; 1/2 pound whole wheat shells or penne pasta; 4 golden apples, cored and chopped; 1 cup cloudy apple cider; 3 tablespoons brown sugar; A handful golden raisins; 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 4 large center cut pork loin chops, 1 1/2-inch thick; Black pepper; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 2 tablespoons butter; 1 rounded tablespoon all-purpose flour; 2 cups milk; 1/2 pound extra-sharp white cheddar; A few grates nutmeg, to taste | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat a large pot of water for pasta. Season water with salt and cook pasta to al dente. Add apples to a medium pot and stir in cider, sugar, raisins, cinnamon and a pinch of salt. Place pot over medium-high heat and cook until tender, about 12 minutes. Season chops with salt and pepper. Heat 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil in a skillet over medium-high heat. Add chops and cook 6 to 7 minutes on each side. While chops cook, heat 2 tablespoons butter in a sauce pot over medium heat. Whisk in flour and cook a minute then whisk in milk and season with salt and pepper. Grate cheese and stir in <END>
INPUT: salad, vinaigrette, Sherry vinegar, sugar, salt, olive oil, pecans
OUTPUT: TITLE: Radicchio and Endive Salad with Pecan Vinaigrette | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon Sherry vinegar; 1 teaspoon sugar; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 3 tablespoons olive oil; 1/4 cup pecans; 1 small head radicchio; 1 medium Belgian endive | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350°F. In a small bowl whisk together vinegar, sugar, salt, and pepper to taste. Whisk in oil in a slow stream. Coarsely chop pecans and in a small shallow baking pan toast in one layer in middle of oven until fragrant and a shade darker, about 5 minutes. Immediately stir hot pecans into vinaigrette. Separate radicchio leaves and tear out some of white veins. Divide leaves decoratively between 2 plates (see photograph, above). Discard any discolored outer leaves from endive and cut two 1-inch sections from head. Arrange each section in center of radicchio leaves. Thinly slice r <END>
INPUT: fries, Canola oil, portobello mushroom caps, all purpose flour, eggs, Kosher salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Portobello Mushroom Fries | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Canola oil, for deep frying; 6 large portobello mushroom caps; 3/4 cup all-purpose flour; 3 eggs, beaten; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 1/2 cups panko bread crumbs; Italian seasoning; 1 tablespoon paprika; 2 teaspoons garlic powder | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oil in a deep fryer (or a large, heavy-based pot) to 350 degrees F. Wipe the tops of the mushrooms with a damp cloth to clean, and then scrape the gills off from the underside with the back of a spoon. Trim the stem and slice into 1/4-inch strips. Place the flour into a rimmed dish, the beaten eggs in a second rimmed dish and sprinkle both with some salt and pepper. In a third dish add the panko, some Italian seasoning, the paprika, garlic powder, and some more salt and pepper. Mix well. Dredge the mushroom "fries" in the flour, followed by the egg mixture and finally in the season <END>
INPUT: forbidden, grapefruit vodka, pink grapefruit juice, lemon juice, simple syrup, Ice
OUTPUT: TITLE: The Forbidden Fruit | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 ounces grapefruit vodka; 2 ounces fresh squeezed pink grapefruit juice; 1 ounce fresh squeezed lemon juice; 1 ounce simple syrup; Ice, for chilling | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine the grapefruit vodka, grapefruit juice, lemon juice and simple syrup in a cocktail shaker filled with ice. Shake and strain into a chilled martini glass. <END>
INPUT: cake, flour, baking soda, salt, eggs
OUTPUT: TITLE: Yogurt and Pistachio Cake | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup raw, unsalted pistachios; 1 cup flour; 1 teaspoon baking soda; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 6 eggs, separated, at room temperature; 1 1/4 cups sugar; 3/4 cup yogurt; 1/2 cup extra virgin olive oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 300 degrees. Toast pistachios in the oven until crisp but not brown, about 15 minutes. When cool enough to handle, rub pistachios between your hands or towels to remove the outer skins, then grind them finely in food processor. Add the flour, soda, and salt, and process briefly. Butter and flour a 10-inch springform pan. Increase oven temperature to 350 degrees. In a mixer, beat the egg yolks with 1/2 cup of the sugar until pale yellow and thick ribbons. Mix in the yogurt, then the olive oil. With a spatula, fold in the reserved flour mixture. Beat the egg whites to soft peaks, <END>
INPUT: broccoli rabe, water, bean garlic sauce, sesame seed oil, honey
OUTPUT: TITLE: Broccoli Rabe with Black Bean Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound broccoli rabe, rinsed and trimmed; 1/4 cup water; 1/2 cup black bean garlic sauce (recommended: Lee Kum Kee); 1 teaspoon sesame seed oil; 2 tablespoons honey | INSTRUCTIONS: Place broccoli rabe in a large microwave-safe bowl with 1/4 cup water. Cover with wet paper towel. Heat on HIGH for 6 to 8 minutes, until tender, but crisp. In a small saucepan, over medium-high heat, combine remaining ingredients. Heat through, about 1 to 2 minutes. Remove broccoli rabe from microwave and drain water. Add black bean sauce and toss in a bowl. Serve warm. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, hummus, flat leafed parsley, virgin olive oil, pine nuts, cumin seeds
OUTPUT: TITLE: Hummus with Toasted Pine Nuts, Cumin Seeds, and Parsley Oil | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup packed fresh flat-leafed parsley sprigs plus 2 to 3 additional sprigs; 3/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 3 tablespoons pine nuts; 1 teaspoon cumin seeds; 2 (19-ounce) cans chickpeas; 4 garlic cloves; 2/3 cup well-stirred tahini* (Middle Eastern sesame paste); 2/3 cup water; 5 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 1 teaspoon salt; Accompaniment: Toasted pita chips | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350 degrees. In a blender or small food processor puree 1/4 cup parsley with 1/4 cup oil. Pour mixture through a fine sieve set over a bowl, pressing hard on solids, and discard solids. In a small baking pan toast pine nuts and cumin seeds, stirring occasionally, until nuts are golden, about 10 minutes. In a colander rinse and drain chickpeas and in a food processor puree 1/2 cup with garlic until garlic is finely minced. Add tahini, water, lemon juice, salt, remaining chickpeas, and remaining 1/2 cup olive oil and puree until smooth. Recipe may be prepared up to this point 3 d <END>
INPUT: ambrodo, chicken, onions, carrot, celery, bay leaves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pastina d'Ambrodo | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 whole chicken; 2 quartered onions; 2 carrot sticks, broken in pieces; 2 celery stalks, broken in pieces; 2 bay leaves; 1 (12-ounce) can chopped tomatoes; 2 cups pastina; Grated Parmesan, optional | INSTRUCTIONS: Rinse and dry the chicken thoroughly. In a large heated soup pot, place the onions, celery, carrots, and bay leaves. Add the whole chicken to the pot, and cover with enough cold water to cover almost all of the chicken. Add the tomatoes. Bring it pot up to the boil. When pot is at full boil, turn the heat down to low. Remove the scum of the broth as it forms on top with ladle. Allow to simmer for a couple of hours. Bring large pot of salted water to boil, add pastina and cook according to package directions. Remove the chicken from the broth and set aside. Place a strainer over a large serving <END>
INPUT: Italian, Kosher salt, baby spinach, basil, cannellini beans, Neufchatel cream cheese
OUTPUT: TITLE: Hot Artichoke-Spinach Dip | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: Kosher salt; 1 10-ounce bag baby spinach; 1 cup packed fresh basil; 3/4 cup canned cannellini beans, drained and rinsed; 6 ounces Neufchatel cream cheese; 1 clove garlic, smashed; 1/2 cup low-sodium chicken broth; 1 14-ounce can artichoke hearts, drained, squeezed dry and finely chopped; 1/4 cup grated parmesan cheese; 3/4 cup shredded low-fat mozzarella cheese; Pinch of cayenne pepper; 2 or 3 dashes Worcestershire sauce; Freshly ground black pepper; Nonstick cooking spray; Baked chips, for serving | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 450. Bring a pot of salted water to a boil and prepare a bowl of ice water. Stir the spinach and basil into the boiling water and cook until bright green, about 30 seconds. Remove with a slotted spoon and immediately plunge in the ice water. Drain and squeeze dry, then roughly chop. Puree the beans, cream cheese, garlic and chicken broth in a food processor until smooth, scraping the sides as needed. Transfer to a medium bowl and fold in the spinach and basil, artichokes, parmesan and 1/2 cup mozzarella. Add the cayenne, Worcestershire sauce, 1/2 teaspoon salt, and black pe <END>
INPUT: gremolata, carrots tops, orange juice, dark honey, Kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Honey-Glazed Carrots with Carrot Top Gremolata | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 3/4–5 pounds small carrots with tops (about 4–5 bunches), trimmed, peeled, tops reserved; 4 tablespoons (1/2 stick) unsalted butter, cut into small cubes; 1/3 cup fresh orange juice; 1 tablespoon dark honey, such as buckwheat; Kosher salt; 2 small garlic cloves, finely chopped; 1 tablespoon finely grated lemon zest; 2 teaspoons extra-virgin olive oil; 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 1/8 teaspoon cayenne pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine carrots, butter, orange juice, honey, and 1 tsp. salt in a large wide heavy pot. Cover and cook over medium heat until carrots are crisp-tender, 10–12 minutes. Meanwhile, rinse about 1 bunch worth of carrot tops and pat dry. Coarsely chop to yield about 2/3 cup. Combine tops with garlic, lemon zest, oil, and 1/4 tsp. salt in a small bowl. Uncover carrots and continue to cook, stirring occasionally, until sauce reduces enough to coat carrots, 8–10 minutes. Remove from heat. Stir in lemon juice and cayenne; adjust seasonings. Transfer carrots to a platter and top with carrot top gremolat <END>
INPUT: salad, acorn squash, delicata squash, virgin olive oil, sea salt, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Acorn and Delicata Squash Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 medium acorn squash (1 1/2 lb), quartered lengthwise, seeded, cut into 1/3" slices; 1 medium delicata squash (1 lb), halved lengthwise, seeded, cut into 1/3" slices; 2 tbsp plus 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil, divided; sea salt; freshly ground black pepper; 4 tsp unpasteurized apple cider vinegar; 1/2 cup cooked wheat berries, drained, cooled; 2 oz small red or green mustard leaves (about 4 cups, loosely packed); 2 oz arugula leaves (about 4 cups, loosely packed); 1/4 cup thinly sliced red pearl onions or shallots; 4 oz aged goat cheese, rind removed, shaved; 1/4 cup Spiced Pumpkin Seeds | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 400°. Line 2 rimmed baking sheets with parchment paper. Place acorn squash slices on 1 tray and sliced delicata on the other. Toss each with 1 Tbsp oil, 1/4 tsp salt, and a pinch of pepper. Place in oven and roast for 30 minutes; flip squash, rotate the trays, and roast for another 10-15 minutes or until just beginning to brown. Remove from oven and set aside to cool. Whisk vinegar, 1/4 cup oil, 1/4 tsp salt, and pepper to taste in a bowl; stir in wheat berries. Spread half of greens over a serving platter or bottom of a wide bowl, then add half of acorn squash, delicata squash <END>
INPUT: gravy, horseradish, olive oil, shallots, garlic, Irish whiskey, wine
OUTPUT: TITLE: Standing Rib Roast, Spinach-Porcini Stuffing, Irish Whiskey Gravy, and Horseradish Cream | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon olive oil; 1/2 cup finely chopped shallots (3 large); 2 garlic cloves, minced; 1/2 cup Irish whiskey; 1 750-ml bottle dry red wine; 4 cups low-salt chicken broth; 1 cup heavy whipping cream; 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard; 1 4-bone standing rib-eye roast (about 9 1/2 to 10 pounds), chine bone removed, fat trimmed to 1/2 inch thick; Spinach-Porcini Stuffing; 6 garlic cloves, finely chopped; 3 tablespoons olive oil; 3 tablespoons plus 2 teaspoons finely chopped fresh rosemary; 1 1/2 tablespoons coarse kosher salt; 1 tablespoon coarsely ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: For gravy base: Heat oil in large saucepan over medium heat. Add shallots and sauté until soft, about 3 minutes. Add garlic; stir 1 minute. Add 1/2 cup whiskey to saucepan. Using long match or lighter and standing back, carefully ignite mixture to burn off alcohol. When flame dies, add red wine and boil until mixture is reduced to 1 cup, about 16 minutes. Add 4 cups chicken broth and boil until mixture is reduced to 3 cups, about 15 minutes. Whisk cream and mustard in small bowl; add to saucepan and boil until sauce coats spoon and is reduced to 2 1/2 cups, about 13 minutes. DO AHEAD: Can be m <END>
INPUT: icing, powdered sugar, pure golden maple, orange liqueur
OUTPUT: TITLE: Maple-Orange Icing | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup powdered sugar; 1/2 cup pure golden maple syrup; 1 teaspoon orange liqueur | INSTRUCTIONS: In a small bowl, add the powdered sugar, maple syrup and orange liqueur and whisk together until combined. Drizzle on top of your dessert of choice. <END>
INPUT: KAHLÚA®, Ice, soda
OUTPUT: TITLE: KAHLÚA® and Club Soda | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 parts KAHLÚA®; Ice; 4 parts club soda | INSTRUCTIONS: Pour KAHLÚA® in a highball glass filled with ice. Add the club soda. Garnish with a wedge of lime. <END>
INPUT: Italian, parmesan, water, polenta, Parmigiano Reggiano, unsalted butter, Salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Creamy Parmesan Polenta | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 3 cups water; 3/4 cup instant polenta; 3/4 to 1 cup grated Parmigiano-Reggiano; 1 tablespoon unsalted butter; Salt and pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring water to a boil in a 2-quart saucepan and slowly add polenta, whisking constantly. Cook polenta over moderate heat, whisking constantly, 5 minutes. Remove from heat and whisk in cheese, butter, and salt and pepper to taste. Serve immediately.; <END>
INPUT: heat, limes, sweet chili sauce, sweet hot mustard, horseradish, rice vinegar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fried Plantains with Sweet Heat | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 fresh limes; 2 tablespoons sweet chili sauce; 1 tablespoon sweet hot mustard; 1 teaspoon horseradish, prepared; 1 tablespoon rice vinegar, natural; Canola oil, for frying; 3 green plantains; 1/4 cup garlic, minced; Salt and fresh cracked black pepper; 1/8 teaspoon red pepper flakes; Dash cayenne pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. In a bowl, combine the juice of 1/2 of lime, sweet chili sauce, mustard, horseradish and vinegar. Set aside. Heat 1/2-inch of oil in 12-inch heavy pan. Cut plantain on diagonal into 1-inch thick pieces, remove peel. When oil is hot, add the plantains and fry both sides until golden. Drain on paper bag, and sprinkle with salt, and minced garlic. With a flat bottomed, heat proof, glass bowl, smash plantains evenly flat, embedding garlic into them. Return to hot oil and fry until dark golden brown. Remove, drain again on a paper bag, adding more coarse salt, to tast <END>
INPUT: Mexican, pibil, Achiote paste, garlic, cumin seeds, cinnamon, orange juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken Pibil | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup Achiote paste *; 10 garlic cloves; 2 teaspoons cumin seeds; 1/4 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1/2 cup freshly squeezed orange juice; 1/4 cup freshly squeezed lime juice; 1/4 cup red wine vinegar; 1 1/2 teaspoons salt; 2 teaspoons cracked black pepper; 6 chicken legs with thigh, ankle joint removed, scored to the bone and skin removed; 2 onions, cut into 3 slices each, plus 2 onions diced; 3 Italian Roma tomatoes, cut in 4 slices; 6 banana leaves (optional); 3 tablespoons unsalted butter; 2 cups chicken stock | INSTRUCTIONS: In a blender combine Achiote paste, garlic, cumin, cinnamon, orange juice, lime juice, vinegar, salt and pepper. Puree until smooth. Pour into a nonreactive baking pan, add the chicken and turn to coat. Cover and marinate in the refrigerator for at least 2 hours and up to 24 hours. Preheat oven to 375 degrees. In a heated, dry, cast iron skillet char onion slices until blackened on both sides. Remove and char tomato slices until blackened on both sides. Reserve. Cut six 16 x 14-inch sheets of heavy-duty aluminum foil. Take banana leaves, and cut into 10-inch squares. Toast squares over a burne <END>
INPUT: olive oil, fennel bulbs, chicken stock, orange juice, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Orange-Braised Fennel | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon olive oil; 3 fennel bulbs, trimmed and each cut into 6 wedges; 1/2 cup chicken stock; 1/2 cup fresh orange juice; 2 cloves garlic, chopped; Salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Heat the olive oil in a large straight-sided saute pan. Add fennel and brown on all sides. Stir in the stock, orange juice and garlic. Bring to a boil, then cover and lower the heat to a simmer. Cook until fennel is tender, about 20 minutes. <END>
INPUT: American, panini, sugar, paprika, onion powder, roast pork loin, butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: BBQ Pork Panini Sandwich | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 cup white sugar; 1 1/2 cups paprika; 3 3/4 tablespoons onion powder; 3 pound roast pork loin; 4 tablespoon butter, room temperature; 1 clove garlic, minced; 4 French style sandwich rolls, sliced horizontally; Dill pickle slices; 1/4 pound sliced colby Cheddar cheese; 1/2 cup barbecue sauce | INSTRUCTIONS: For the dry rub: Mix the rub ingredients together in a bowl. Place pork in a roasting dish. Pat the rub seasoning into pork to cover. (Reserve any remaining rub in a container fitted with lid for up to 6 months.) Cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate to marinate for 1 hour. Preheat oven to 325 degrees F. Place roast pork into oven and cook for 1 1/2 hours. When cooked, tent roast with foil so juices will settle. Slice thin. Preheat your panini press. In a small bowl mix the butter and the garlic. Butter the sandwich bread. Divide the pork, pickles, cheese and barbecue sauce evenly between th <END>
INPUT: Indian, warm, salad, beets, virgin olive oil, Kosher salt pepper, hazelnuts, log goat cheese
OUTPUT: TITLE: Warm Beet and Lentil Salad with Goat Cheese | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 2 medium beets, peeled and cut into 1-inch-thick wedges; 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, plus more for drizzling; Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper; 1/4 cup hazelnuts, walnuts or pecans, finely chopped; One 4-ounce log goat cheese; 1 cup leftover lentils from Salmon with Lentils, recipe follows; 1/4 pound slab or thick-cut bacon, sliced; 1 medium shallot, minced; 2 tablespoons apple cider vinegar; Pinch of sugar; 1 large bunch frisee, torn, or 6 cups baby greens; 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil, plus more for drizzling; 2 leeks, white and light-green parts only, halved lengthwise and chopped; 2 carrots, diced; 3 cloves garlic, chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 400. Toss the beets with 3 tablespoons olive oil in a roasting pan and season with salt and pepper. Roast until tender, 30 minutes. Meanwhile, season the nuts with salt and pepper in a shallow bowl. Cut the goat cheese into 4 even rounds. Press the cut sides in the nuts and set aside. Warm the lentils in the microwave or in a saucepan and season with salt and pepper. Cook the bacon in a skillet over medium-high heat until crisp, 10 minutes, and transfer to paper towels with a slotted spoon. Add the shallot to the pan drippings and cook for 20 seconds. Remove from the heat;  <END>
INPUT: American, bean sauce, honey, Shaohsing rice wine, light soy sauce, Peanut oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: BBQ Yellow Bean Chicken with Grilled Chinese Long Beans | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 4 heaping tablespoons yellow bean sauce; 4 heaping tablespoons honey; 4 tablespoons Shaohsing rice wine or dry sherry; 4 tablespoons light soy sauce; Peanut oil; 1 heaping tablespoon light brown sugar; 1 teaspoon dark soy sauce; 6 cloves garlic, finely chopped; 2-inch piece ginger, peeled and freshly grated; 6 boneless, skinless chicken thighs, cut into 1 to 2-inch pieces; 12 ounces Chinese long beans, trimmed and cut into thirds; 1 Fresno chili, seeded and chopped for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: Four 10-inch bamboo skewers, soaked in water 30 minutes Put the bean sauce, honey, rice wine, light soy sauce, 1 tablespoon peanut oil, brown sugar, dark soy sauce garlic and ginger into a bowl and stir to combine. Add the chicken and turn to coat. Cover the bowl, refrigerate and leave to marinate for a minimum of 1 hour and as long as overnight. Preheat a grill or grill pan over high heat, making sure the grates have been brushed clean and lightly oiled before cooking. Remove the chicken from the marinade. Reserve the marinade, transfer to a small pan and bring to a boil fo <END>
INPUT: focaccia, milk, water, sugar, active yeast, all purpose flour
OUTPUT: TITLE: Bacon Focaccia | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 cup warm milk; 3 tablespoons water; 2 1/2 tablespoons sugar; 2 tablespoon active dry yeast; 2 1/2 cups all-purpose flour; 3 large egg yolks; 1/4 cup cake flour; Kosher salt; 1/2 cup cooked, crumbled bacon; 3 tablespoons olive oil; Roasted vegetables, such as onions, garlic, and squash (optional); Sea salt, for sprinkling | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. In a metal bowl, whisk together milk, water, and sugar. Stir in yeast and 1 cup all-purpose flour; let stand in a warm place until bubbly, about 5 minutes. Stir in eggs, remaining 1 1/2 cups all-purpose flour, cake flour, 1 tablespoon salt, and cooked bacon. Using a stand mixer fitted with a dough hook, knead for 8 minutes. Work dough into a ball and let rise in a warm place until doubled in size, about 1 hour. Pour 2 tablespoons olive oil onto a metal 9 by 13-inch baking dish. Transfer dough to baking dish and flatten with your fingers (make sure dough reach <END>
INPUT: Italian, risotto, asparagus, pheasant, sumac, fine sea salt, pepper, virgin olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pheasant with Risotto, Grilled Asparagus, and Roasted Cauliflower | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 large pheasant; 1/2 teaspoon ground sumac; 1 teaspoon fine sea salt; 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 3 fresh sage leaves; 6 cups pheasant or chicken stock or low-sodium chicken broth; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1/2 cup diced fennel (reserve the fronds for garnish, if desired); 1/2 cup diced leek; 1/2 cup white wine; 2 cups arborio rice; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1 tablespoon fine sea salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Prep the pheasant: Remove both breasts from the pheasant and season all over with sumac, salt, and pepper. Cover and refrigerate the breasts while you make the risotto and vegetables. If desired, use the rest of the pheasant to make stock to cook the risotto in. Remove both breasts from the pheasant and season all over with sumac, salt, and pepper. Cover and refrigerate the breasts while you make the risotto and vegetables. If desired, use the rest of the pheasant to make stock to cook the risotto in. Make the risotto: In a medium saucepan over moderate heat, warm the stock. Keep hot. In a sec <END>
INPUT: grit, green, canola oil, Spanish onion, garlic, wine, shrimp stock
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Grit Cakes with Grilled Corn and Grilled Corn-Green Chile Relish | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons canola oil, plus more for grilling the cakes; 1 medium Spanish onion, finely diced; 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped; 1 cup dry white wine; 4 cups shrimp stock (chicken stock or vegetable stock can be substituted); 1 cup white stone-ground cornmeal; Salt; Freshly ground black pepper; 2 ears perfectly grilled corn, kernels removed; 6 ears perfectly grilled corn, kernels removed; 2 poblano chiles, grilled, peeled, seeded and finely diced; 1 small red onion, finely diced; 2 limes, juiced; 1 tablespoon honey; 4 tablespoons canola oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Butter the bottom and sides of a 9 by 11-inch baking pan and set aside. Heat the oil in a medium saucepan over high heat. Add the onion and cook until soft, about 3 minutes. Add the garlic and cook for 30 seconds. Add the wine and cook until completely reduced. Add the stock and bring to a boil. Slowly whisk in the cornmeal, stirring until it begins to thicken. Season with salt and pepper, reduce the heat to medium, switch to a wooden spoon, and continue cooking and stirring until the mixture is smooth and soft, about 20 minutes. If the mixture becomes too thick, stir in some water, it should  <END>
INPUT: American, thanksgiving, batch Sweet Dough, sweet potatoes, eggs, egg yolks, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Thanksgiving Day Sweet Potato Pie | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: One batch Sweet Dough, for a 1-crust pie (recipe above); 2 large sweet potatoes; 2 eggs; 2 egg yolks; 2/3 cup sugar; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1/4 teaspoon ground ginger or 1 teaspoon finely grated fresh ginger; 1/4 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg; 1 1/4 cups light cream or half-and-half | INSTRUCTIONS: Prepare and chill the dough. Bake sweet potatoes for 1 hour at 350 degrees, or until soft. Cool, peel and puree in the food processor. Preheat oven to 350 degrees and set a rack in the lowest level. For the bottom crust, lightly flour the work surface and the dough and roll it to a 12-inch disk. Fold the dough in half and place it in the pan; unfold the dough and press it firmly into the pan. Trim away all but 1/2-inch excess dough at edge of pan. Fold dough under and flute edge. For the filling, scrape pumpkin into a bowl and whisk in eggs and yolks. Whisk in remaining ingredients in order, w <END>
INPUT: salad, dressing, pineapple, plums, Vegetable oil, plain Greek yogurt, honey
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Fruit Salad with Honey-Yogurt Dressing | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pineapple, cored and sliced into 8 rings; 2 plums, cored and each cut into 8 wedges; Vegetable oil, for brushing fruit; 3/4 cup plain Greek yogurt; 1/4 cup honey; 1 tablespoon finely chopped mint leaves; 1/4 cup pine nuts, toasted | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat grill to medium. Lightly brush fruit with oil and place on the grill. Cook until pineapple and plums are nicely caramelized, turning once, about 8 to 10 minutes. Remove to a plate. Meanwhile, in a medium bowl whisk together yogurt, honey and mint. Place 2 rings and 4 wedges on each plate and drizzle with dressing. Garnish with pine nuts. <END>
INPUT: cod fillets skin, good quality sweet, virgin olive oil, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Black Cod with Roasted Sweet-and-Sour Onions | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 6-ounce black cod fillets with skin; 1/2 cup good-quality sweet Sherry; 1/4 cup plus 1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil; Freshly ground black pepper; 1 cup (2 sticks) unsalted butter, room temperature; 1 garlic clove, peeled, flattened; 1/4 cup panko (Japanese breadcrumbs)*; 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 1 tablespoon Pimentón de La Vera (Spanish smoked paprika)**; Coarse kosher salt; Roasted Sweet-and-Sour Onions | INSTRUCTIONS: Using sharp knife, make three 1/4-inch-deep, 2 1/2-inch-long diagonal cuts in skin of each fish fillet. Arrange fillets in single layer, skin side up, in 15x10x2-inch glass baking dish. Pour Sherry and 1/4 cup olive oil over; sprinkle with freshly ground black pepper. Cover and refrigerate at least 4 hours and up to 6 hours, turning occasionally. Preheat oven to 425°F. Combine butter and garlic in heavy medium saucepan. Cook over medium heat until butter melts and garlic begins to brown, about 12 minutes, stirring occasionally. Discard garlic clove. Add panko to butter (mixture will bubble); c <END>
INPUT: Italian, sandwich, pesto, Kosher salt, pepper, Grapeseed oil, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Braised Pork Belly Sandwich with Pesto Mayo | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 4 (8-ounce) square portions pork belly; Kosher salt; Freshly ground black pepper; Grapeseed oil, to coat bottom of pan; 4 whole cloves garlic; 1 onion, diced; 1/4 cup brown sugar; 1/4 cup balsamic vinegar; 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard; 1 sprig rosemary; 1/4 cup dry portobello mushrooms; 2 Scotch bonnet peppers or jalapenos, optional; 2 cups beef broth; 2 cups chicken broth; 4 small ciabatta rolls, split and toasted | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat oven to 375 degrees F. Score the pork belly several times on fatty side. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Coat a large Dutch oven, over medium heat, with oil. Add the pork belly, 1 piece at a time, scored side down, to the pot. Sear slowly to render the fat on all sides for 3 to 4 minutes. Remove from pan and set aside. Drain off the excess fat leaving 3 to 4 tablespoons and add the garlic. Brown the garlic, then add the onions and cook until slightly colored, about 2 to 3 minutes. Stir in the brown sugar and balsamic and cook until syrupy, about 1  <END>
INPUT: picnic, basket, chicken, buttermilk, Sea salt pepper, eggs, all purpose flour
OUTPUT: TITLE: Picnic Basket Buttermilk Fried Chicken | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 pounds chicken pieces (breasts, legs, and thighs); 3 cups buttermilk; Sea salt and freshly ground black pepper; 4 eggs, beaten; 3 cups all-purpose flour; 4 cups vegetable shortening, for frying | INSTRUCTIONS: With a cleaver or heavy knife, split the chicken breasts, then cut each breast 1/2 in 1/2 again. Place the chicken pieces in a shallow container skin side down and pour the buttermilk over them. Cover with plastic wrap and marinate in the refrigerator for at least 6 hours or overnight, if possible. Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Remove the chicken from the buttermilk and season both sides with salt and pepper. Place the beaten eggs and flour in separate shallow bowls. Dredge the chicken pieces first in the flour, then the egg, and then the flour again. In a 12-inch saute pan with deep side <END>
INPUT: Mexican, Basic cranberry sauce, cubes cored pineapple, jalapeño chiles, cilantro
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pineapple Cranberry Sauce with Chiles and Cilantro | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: Basic cranberry sauce; 1 1/2 cups 1/3-inch cubes peeled cored fresh pineapple; 2 thinly sliced jalapeño chiles; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine all ingredients for basic cranberry sauce in heavy medium saucepan. Add pineapple and chiles. Cook, cool, and store mixture as directed for basic cranberry sauce . Stir in cilantro just before serving. Combine all ingredients for basic cranberry sauce in heavy medium saucepan. Add pineapple and chiles. Cook, cool, and store mixture as directed for basic cranberry sauce . Stir in cilantro just before serving. <END>
INPUT: salad, iceberg lettuce, ham, feta cheese, potatoes, Vinaigrette dressing
OUTPUT: TITLE: Iceberg Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 head iceberg lettuce; 1/2 pound ham, julienned; 4 ounces feta cheese; 4 cooked potatoes, sliced; Vinaigrette dressing, your favorite | INSTRUCTIONS: Wash lettuce. Top lettuce with ham and crumbled feta cheese. Fry potatoes in hot oil until crispy. Drain on paper towels and place on salad. Top with dressing. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, green, salsa, sized good quality, Olive oil, Juice lemon, virgin olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sausages and Green Lentils with Tomato Salsa | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 8 medium-sized good-quality Italian sausages, or good fat Cumberlands; Olive oil; 1 pound, 2 ounces purple-sprouting broccoli or cima di rapa; Juice of 1/2 a lemon; Extra virgin olive oil; Sea salt and freshly ground black pepper; A small handful of fresh thyme tips; Olive oil; 1 small red onion, peeled and finely chopped; 3 cloves of garlic, peeled and finely sliced; 1 small stick of cinnamon; 1-2 small dried red chilies, crumbled; 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar, plus extra for dressing; 2 (14 ounce) cans of good-quality plum tomatoes; 14 ounces lenticchie di Castelluccio or Puy lentils | INSTRUCTIONS: First things first; get your salsa on the go. Put a little olive oil into a pan, add the onion and sliced garlic, throw in the cinnamon stick and a good crumbling of chili, and fry on a gentle heat for 10 minutes, until the onions are soft and sweet. Now turn the heat up and add your red wine vinegar — it will steam and might even make you cough but this is a normal reaction! Then turn the heat down to low and add your canned tomatoes, chopped up. Simmer slowly for half an hour while you get on with your lentils. Preheat the oven to 400°F. Put the lentils into a pot, cover them with water, and <END>
INPUT: cake, walnuts, egg, walnut, sugar, cinnamon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Apple Spice Cake with Walnuts and Currants | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 egg white; 1 cup large walnut pieces; 2 tablespoons sugar; 1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1 tablespoon plus 3/4 cup (1 1/2 sticks) unsalted butter, room temperature; 2 medium Granny Smith apples, peeled, cored, cut into 1/2-inch pieces; 2 medium Jonagold apples, peeled, cored, cut into 1/2-inch pieces; 1 3/4 cups all purpose flour; 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1 teaspoon baking soda; 1/2 teaspoon ground allspice; 1/2 teaspoon ground cloves; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1 1/4 cups sugar; 1 large egg | INSTRUCTIONS: For walnuts: Preheat oven to 375°F. Line large baking sheet with foil. Beat egg white in medium bowl until foamy. Mix in remaining ingredients. Spread walnuts in single layer on prepared sheet. Bake until walnuts are golden, about 10 minutes. Cool on baking sheet. Transfer walnuts to work surface and chop coarsely. Preheat oven to 375°F. Line large baking sheet with foil. Beat egg white in medium bowl until foamy. Mix in remaining ingredients. Spread walnuts in single layer on prepared sheet. Bake until walnuts are golden, about 10 minutes. Cool on baking sheet. Transfer walnuts to work surfac <END>
INPUT: Asian, cream cheese, wasabi paste, shrimp, scallion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Wasabi Shrimp Crackers | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 8 oz cream cheese, softened; 3 to 4 teaspoons wasabi paste (Japanese horseradish paste); 30 (2-inch) thin rice crackers; 30 peeled cooked medium shrimp (about 1 lb), halved lengthwise; 1 scallion green, thinly sliced | INSTRUCTIONS: Purée cream cheese with wasabi to taste in a food processor until smooth. Mound 1 teaspoon cream cheese mixture on each cracker and top with 2 shrimp halves. Sprinkle with scallion. Serve immediately. Purée cream cheese with wasabi to taste in a food processor until smooth. Mound 1 teaspoon cream cheese mixture on each cracker and top with 2 shrimp halves. Sprinkle with scallion. Serve immediately. <END>
INPUT: cups, standard cucumbers, shrimp, horseradish, lemon juice, Kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Shrimp Stuffed Cucumber Cups | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 standard cucumbers; 3/4 pound medium shrimp, thawed, deveined and shells on; 1 tablespoon prepared horseradish; 1 teaspoon lemon juice; Kosher salt; Freshly ground black pepper; 1 (15-ounce) can chopped tomatoes, drained; 2 tablespoons chopped parsley, divided | INSTRUCTIONS: Peel the length of each cucumber to form alternating stripes of unpeeled and peeled. Cut the cucumbers into 12 (3/4-inch) pieces. Scoop out the center using a teaspoon or a melon baller, leaving the bottom and sides intact to form a cup. (Reserve the centers for the Round 2 Recipe Chicken Tacos with Cucumber Salsa.) Turn them upside down onto a towel and let them drain while you make the filling. Bring a medium pot of salted water to a boil over medium heat. Add the shrimp and cook until bright pink, about 3 to 4 minutes. Strain and rinse in cold water. Remove the shells and discard. (Reserve  <END>
INPUT: Asian, doughnuts, all purpose flour, ginger, baking powder, salt, crystallized ginger
OUTPUT: TITLE: Ginger Doughnuts | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 3 1/2 cups all purpose flour; 1 tablespoon ground ginger; 1 tablespoon baking powder; 1 teaspoon salt; 3/4 cup finely chopped crystallized ginger (about 4 ounces); 2 teaspoons grated lemon peel; 1 1/4 cups sugar; 3 large eggs; 1 tablespoon vanilla extract; 1/2 cup whipping cream; 2 tablespoons (1/4 stick) unsalted butter, melted, cooled; 1 1/2 cups sugar; 2 teaspoons ground ginger; 3 cups vegetable oil (for frying); 3 cups solid vegetable shortening (for frying) | INSTRUCTIONS: For doughnuts: Whisk first 4 ingredients in medium bowl to blend. Stir in crystallized ginger and lemon peel. Whisk sugar, eggs, and vanilla extract in large bowl to blend well. Stir in cream and melted butter. Add dry ingredients and stir to blend well (dough will be sticky). Cover bowl with plastic wrap; chill at least 1 hour. (Dough can be prepared 1 day ahead. Keep refrigerated.) Whisk first 4 ingredients in medium bowl to blend. Stir in crystallized ginger and lemon peel. Whisk sugar, eggs, and vanilla extract in large bowl to blend well. Stir in cream and melted butter. Add dry ingredien <END>
INPUT: unsalted butter, sugar, scallions, shelled peas, chicken broth
OUTPUT: TITLE: Braised Peas and Scallions | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon unsalted butter; 1/2 teaspoon sugar; 6 scallions, halved lengthwise and cut crosswise into 1-inch-thick pieces; 1 cup shelled fresh peas; 1/3 cup chicken broth | INSTRUCTIONS: In a saucepan melt the butter over moderate heat, add the sugar, the scallions, the peas, and salt and pepper to taste, and cook the mixture, stirring, for 1 minute. Add the broth and simmer the mixture, covered partially, for 2 minutes, or until the peas are barely tender. Boil the mixture, uncovered, for 1 to 2 minutes, or until the peas are tender and the liquid is almost evaporated. In a saucepan melt the butter over moderate heat, add the sugar, the scallions, the peas, and salt and pepper to taste, and cook the mixture, stirring, for 1 minute. Add the broth and simmer the mixture, covere <END>
INPUT: breakfast, smoothie, non fat milk, old fashioned rolled, non fat plain, apple, cinnamon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Apple and Cinnamon Breakfast Smoothie | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 cup non-fat milk; 1/2 cup old-fashioned rolled oats; 1/4 cup non-fat plain Greek yogurt; 1/2 medium apple, cored and roughly chopped; 1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine the milk, oats, yogurt, apple, cinnamon and 3 ice cubes in a blender, and blend until smooth and creamy, about 1 minute. <END>
INPUT: spiced, goreng, Kosher salt, Szechwan peppercorns, Indonesian peppercorns, Water, self rising flour
OUTPUT: TITLE: Crispy Snapper with Indonesian Spiced Salt and Garlic Fried Noodles: Mie Goreng | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons Kosher salt; 1 teaspoon Szechwan peppercorns, ground; 2 tablespoons ground Indonesian black peppercorns; Water; 1 cup self-rising flour; 1/2 teaspoon baking powder; 1 1/2 pounds red snapper, boneless fillets, cut into 2-inch pieces; Peanut oil, for frying; 1/2 pound Chinese long beans, cut into 2 inch lengths; Garlic Fried Noodles, recipe follows; Basil sprigs, for garnish; 12 cloves garlic, sliced; 2 cups garlic chives or scallions; 1/2 cup sambal tomat; 3 eggs, beaten | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat a saute pan to very hot and add the salt. Reduce the heat and saute for 3 to 5 minutes. Turn heat off and add the peppercorns. Mix and let stand. To make the batter, slowly add cold water to the flour and baking powder to achieve a batter with the consistency of runny pancake batter. Add the snapper to the batter and coat well. In a wok on high heat, fill with 2 to 3-inches of oil and heat. Add the snapper and deep fry for about 5 minutes, or until fully cooked. Set aside on paper towels. Season with the Indonesian spiced salt. In the same hot oil, quickly flash fry the long beans until b <END>
INPUT: salad, quinoa, water, olive oil, lemon juice, orange juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Quinoa Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup quinoa; 1 cup water; 1 tablespoon olive oil; 1 tablespoon lemon juice; 2 tablespoons orange juice; 1 clove garlic, finely minced; 2 scallions, thinly sliced; 1 teaspoon grated fresh ginger; 2 tablespoons raisins; 2 tablespoons toasted pine nuts; 1 orange, peeled and coarsely chopped; 1 cup chopped cooked chicken (optional); Salt and pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: In a strainer rinse the quinoa under running water and drain. Combine the quinoa and water in a saucepan and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat to low, cover and simmer until all the of the water is absorbed. In a large bowl combine the remaining ingredients and season with salt and pepper. Stir in the quinoa and mix well. Serve chilled or at room temperature. <END>
INPUT: sauce, olive oil, shallot, garlic, wine, heavy cream
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Shrimp Marinated in Paprika, Garlic and Thyme with White Wine Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1 shallot, sliced; 4 cloves garlic, finely chopped; 1 cup dry white wine; 2 tablespoons heavy cream; 2 sticks cold unsalted butter, cut into 1-inch pieces; 1/4 cup finely chopped fresh chives, plus more for garnish; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1/4 cup canola oil; 2 tablespoons Spanish paprika; 6 cloves garlic, finely chopped to a paste; 3 tablespoons finely chopped fresh thyme leaves; 16 extra colossal shrimp (4 to 6 per pound size), peeled and deveined; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; Basil Oil, for drizzling | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. For the white wine sauce: Heat the oil in a medium saucepan over medium heat. Add the shallots and the garlic and cook until soft, about 1 minute. Increase the heat to high, add the wine, bring to a boil and cook until reduced by half. Add the cream and slowly start whisking in the cold butter, piece by piece and continue to whisk until the sauce is emulsified. Strain into a bowl and stir in the chives. Season with salt and pepper, to taste, and set aside. For the shrimp: Whisk together the oil, paprika, garlic and thyme in a large bowl; add the shrimp and toss t <END>
INPUT: herb, crusted, lime juice, ginger, Dijon mustard, vegetable oil, salmon fillets
OUTPUT: TITLE: Herb-Crusted Salmon on Greens | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons fresh lime juice; 1 teaspoon finely grated peeled fresh ginger; 2 teaspoons Dijon mustard; 6 tablespoons vegetable oil, divided; 2 6- to 7-ounce skinless salmon fillets; 2 1/2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh dill, divided; 2 1/2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh basil, divided; 1 5-ounce bag mixed baby greens | INSTRUCTIONS: Whisk lime juice, ginger, and mustard in small bowl. Slowly whisk in 4 tablespoons oil. Season dressing with salt and pepper. Brush salmon on both sides with 1 tablespoon oil; sprinkle with salt and pepper, then 1 tablespoon dill and 1 tablespoon basil. Press herbs to adhere. Heat 1 tablespoon oil in large nonstick skillet over medium-high heat. Add salmon, herb side down; sauté 4 minutes. Turn over; sauté until salmon is just opaque in center, about 5 minutes. Toss greens with remaining herbs and some dressing. Divide between 2 plates. Top with salmon and remaining dressing. Whisk lime juice, <END>
INPUT: Italian, gnocchi, beurre, Idaho potatoes, Salt, spinach, all purpose flour, pancetta
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spinach Gnocchi Pancetta Beurre-Noisette with Chanterelles, Sage, Capers and Parmesan | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 2 Idaho potatoes; Salt; 1 bunch spinach, cleaned; 3 cups all-purpose flour; 3 pounds pancetta, sliced; 2 pounds salted butter; 3 lemons, juiced; 1 cup reduced chicken stock; 3 Roma tomatoes, diced; 3 leeks, cleaned well and diced; 1/2 cup capers; 1 bunch fresh sage, chopped; 2 pounds chanterelle mushrooms; 1/4 cup brandy; 1 cup freshly grated Parmesan | INSTRUCTIONS: Peel potatoes and then boil them in plenty of salted water until just tender and falling apart. Cool and the put potatoes through a ricer. Blanch spinach and then puree it with a little bit of water. Pour the puree on top of the riced potatoes. Add 3 cups flour on top and carefully kneed the mixture until a soft ball is achieved. Allow the dough to rest 20 to 30 minutes. Cut into 12 equal portions and roll into the shape of a rope, approximately 1/2-inch in diameter. Cut the rolled pasta into 1/2-inch dumplings. Blanch the gnocchi in boiling salted water and then immediately shock the pasta in <END>
INPUT: ganache, bittersweet chocolate, unsweetened cocoa powder, espresso powder, vanilla extract, kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Bittersweet Ganache | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 ounces bittersweet chocolate, chopped; 3 tablespoons unsweetened cocoa powder; 2 teaspoons instant espresso powder (optional); 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt; 3/4 cup heavy cream | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine chocolate, cocoa powder, espresso powder (if using), vanilla, and salt in a medium heatproof bowl. Bring cream to a simmer in a small saucepan over low heat; pour over chocolate mixture. Let sit until chocolate is melted, about 5 minutes. Whisk until smooth; let cool. Using an electric mixer, beat ganache until light and fluffy (it should be the consistency of whipped cream). Combine chocolate, cocoa powder, espresso powder (if using), vanilla, and salt in a medium heatproof bowl. Bring cream to a simmer in a small saucepan over low heat; pour over chocolate mixture. Let sit until choc <END>
INPUT: puffs, lemon peel, lemon juice, poppy seed
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lemon Poppy Seed Puffs | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 (8-oz.) pkg. cream cheese, softened; 1 1/4 cups; 2 teaspoons grated lemon peel; 1 tablespoon lemon juice; 2 tablespoons poppy seed; 1 (16.3-oz.) can Pillsbury® Grands!® Refrigerated Buttermilk Biscuits; 1/2 cup butter, melted | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat oven to 375 degrees F. In medium bowl, combine cream cheese, 1/2 cup of the sugar, 1 teaspoon of the lemon peel and lemon juice; mix well. In another medium bowl, combine remaining 3/4 cup sugar, 1 teaspoon lemon peel and poppy seed; mix well. Separate dough into 8 biscuits. Carefully split side of each biscuit halfway to form opening. Fill each opening with 2 rounded tablespoons cream cheese mixture. Press edges firmly to seal. Dip filled biscuits in melted butter; coat with poppy seed mixture. Place in ungreased jumbo nonstick muffin cups. Bake at 375 for 13 to 17 minutes or until puffe <END>
INPUT: Asian, pudding, packages ramen noodles, unsalted butter, eggs, sugar, coconut milk
OUTPUT: TITLE: Banana-Coconut Ramen Pudding | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 3 3-ounce packages ramen noodles, seasoning packets discarded; 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, plus more for greasing; 2 large eggs; 2/3 cup sugar; 1 14-ounce can coconut milk; 1/2 cup sour cream; 1 1/2 teaspoons almond extract; 1/4 teaspoon ground cardamom; 1/4 teaspoon anise seed, crushed; Salt; 1/2 cup golden raisins; 1/4 cup crystallized ginger,chopped; 2 bananas,thinly sliced; 1/4 cup shredded coconut; 2 Tablespoons sliced almonds | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees. Place the noodles in a bowl, cover with hot tap water and soak, flipping once, for 10 minutes; the noodles should pull apart easily. Drain well; toss with the melted butter. Whisk the eggs, sugar, coconut milk, sour cream, almond extract, cardamom, anise seed and a pinch of salt in a large bowl. Stir in the noodles, raisins and ginger until combined. Butter an 8-inch square baking dish; spread out the bananas in a layer, then pour the noodle mixture on top. Sprinkle with coconut and almonds. Bake until golden brown and set, about 1 hour 10 minutes. Let cool for <END>
INPUT: Italian, risotto, southern, eyed peas, olive oil, butter, onion, celery
OUTPUT: TITLE: Black-Eyed Pea Risotto with Bacon and Southern Greens | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 8 ounces dried black-eyed peas, soaked and cooked; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 3 tablespoons butter; 1 cup yellow onion, diced; 2 celery stalks, diced; 1 tablespoon seeded and diced fresh jalapeno pepper; 1 teaspoon seeded and diced fresh serrano chile; 1 teaspoon minced garlic; 2 cups Arborio rice; 2 quarts chicken stock, hot; 2 tablespoons butter, to finish; 3 tablespoons freshly grated Parmesan; Kosher salt and fresh cracked pepper; 6 slices center cut bacon, cooked and cut into 1/2-inch pieces, reserve 2 tablespoons bacon fat; 3 cups Swiss chard, (about 1 bunch) cleaned and sliced crosswise into 3/4-inch ribbons | INSTRUCTIONS: Place peas in a pot and put enough cold water to cover beans. Soak for one hour. Then bring to a boil. Lower heat and simmer until fully cooked, about one hour. In a large Dutch oven, heat olive oil and 1 tablespoon butter, add onions, celery and peppers, when translucent and just starting to caramelize, add in garlic and saute briefly, add in rice and saute, stirring frequently to coat kernels with the oil for 2 minutes. Slowly start adding in the hot chicken stock 1 cup at a time, stirring constantly on medium-low heat. Continue this method until chicken stock remaining is about 1 cup and ch <END>
INPUT: bass, vegetables, tomato, garlic, basil leaves, thyme, olives
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sea Bass with Marinated Vegetables | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 ripe medium tomato; 1 garlic clove, smashed; 4 basil leaves; 1 fresh thyme sprig; 6 green olives, such as picholine, pitted and chopped; 12 Niçoise olives, pitted and chopped; 1 tablespoon drained capers; 1 celery rib, peeled and diced; 1/2 small fennel bulb, stalks discarded and bulb diced; 1 small zucchini, diced; 1 red bell pepper, diced; 1 green bell pepper, diced; 1 small onion, diced; About 2 cups extra-virgin olive oil, divided; 1 pinch saffron, crumbled | INSTRUCTIONS: Marinate vegetables: Core tomato and cut a shallow X in bottom, then blanch in boiling water 10 seconds. Transfer with a slotted spoon to an ice bath to stop cooking. Keep water at a boil. Lift out tomato (reserve ice bath), then peel, seed, and dice. Put in a bowl with garlic, basil, thyme, olives, and capers. Blanch celery, fennel, and zucchini in boiling water 30 seconds, then drain and transfer to ice bath. When vegetables are chilled, drain and stir into tomato mixture. Cook bell peppers and onion in 2 tablespoons oil in a large heavy skillet over medium heat, stirring occasionally, until <END>
INPUT: moroccan, stew, juniper berries, garlic, wine, lamb shoulder, onions
OUTPUT: TITLE: Moroccan Lamb and Quince Stew | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 5 juniper berries; 3 garlic cloves; 3 cups dry red wine; 3 1/2 pounds boneless lamb shoulder; 2 medium onions; 2 garlic cloves; 3 tablespoons vegetable oil; 1/2 teaspoon cinnamon; 1/2 teaspoon saffron threads, crumbled; 1 1/2 cups veal demiglace; 1/3 cup red-currant jelly; 3 medium quinces (about 1 1/2 pounds total); 1 lemon; 3 celery ribs; 1/2 cup dried cranberries (about 3 ounces) | INSTRUCTIONS: Make marinade: Crush juniper berries and mince garlic cloves. In a large bowl stir together garlic, wine, and juniper berries. Trim lamb and cut into 2-inch cubes. Stir lamb into marinade. Marinate lamb, covered and chilled, at least 12 hours and up to 1 day. In a large sieve set over a bowl drain lamb, reserving marinade. Chop onions and mince garlic. In an 8-quart heavy kettle heat oil over moderate heat until hot but not smoking and cook onions with garlic, cinnamon, and saffron, stirring occasionally, until onions are softened. With a slotted spoon transfer onion mixture to a large bowl. P <END>
INPUT: soup, zucchini, shallots, garlic, olive oil, unsalted butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Scallion Chive Soup | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup coarsely shredded zucchini; 1/3 cup chopped shallots (about 2); 1 garlic clove, minced; 1 teaspoon olive oil; 2 teaspoons unsalted butter; 1 cup chopped scallions (about 1 bunch); 1/2 cup chopped fresh chives; 2 cups chicken broth; 1/2 cup water; Accompaniment: Parmesan Puffs | INSTRUCTIONS: In a saucepan cook zucchini, shallots, and garlic in oil and butter over moderately low heat, stirring occasionally, until shallots are tender, about 5 minutes. Add scallions and all but 2 tablespoons chives and cook, stirring, until scallions are softened, about 2 minutes. Stir in broth and water and simmer 2 minutes. In a blender purée mixture (use caution when blending hot liquids). Pour soup through a fine sieve into cleaned pan, pressing hard on solids and discarding them. Heat soup over moderate heat, stirring, until hot and season with salt and pepper. Stir in remaining 2 tablespoons ch <END>
INPUT: American, casserole, leeks, smoked bacon, unsalted butter, kosher salt, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Leek, Potato, and Bacon Casserole | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 leeks, white and light green (about 6 ounces); 6 slices smoked bacon; 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, plus for brushing the pan; 3 teaspoons kosher salt; Freshly ground black pepper; 2 medium red potatoes, diced (about 8 ounces or 2 cups); 2 cloves smashed garlic; 2 sprigs fresh thyme; 6 large eggs, beaten; 1 1/2 cups half-and-half; 6 ounces Jarlsberg Swiss cheese, grated (about 2 cups); 1/2 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven 325 degrees F. Butter an 8-by-8-inch square glass casserole dish. Halve the leeks lengthwise, and then cut them crosswise into half circles (There should be about 1 3/4 cups.). Put the cut leeks in the basket of a salad spinner, or a colander set in a bowl, and fill with water. Swish the leeks around to flush out any grit. Lift the basket from water--don't pour the water off or you will pour any grit right back over the leeks. Heat a medium skillet over medium heat and fry the bacon until crispy, about 5 minutes. Transfer the bacon to a paper towel-lined plate to cool, then cr <END>
INPUT: beef, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: 5 Bean Chili | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 pounds lean ground beef; 2 cups chopped onion; 1 (15-ounce) can light red kidney beans, drained; 1 (15-ounce) can dark red kidney beans, drained; 1 (15-ounce) can cannellini beans, drained; 1 (15-ounce) can butter beans, drained; 1 (15-ounce) can pinto beans, drained; 2 (14 1/2-ounce) cans diced tomatoes with jalapenos; 2 (1 1/4 ounce) packets chili seasoning mix; 1 (8-ounce) can tomato sauce; 1 cup water; Salt and pepper; Suggested servings: cornbread, sour cream, cheese, chips, and fresh cilantro | INSTRUCTIONS: In a skillet over medium-high heat, brown ground beef with the onions. Be sure to break up clumps as much as possible. Put the mixture in a slow cooker. Add remaining ingredients and stir together. Cover and cook on high setting for 4 hours or on low for 7 to 8 hours. Ladle into bowls and serve with your favorite chili fixings. <END>
INPUT: salad, romaine lettuce, virgin olive oil, Citrus Caesar Vinaigrette, Parmigiano Reggiano, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Romaine Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 heads romaine lettuce; Extra-virgin olive oil; Citrus Caesar Vinaigrette, recipe follows; Parmigiano-Reggiano; 1 clove garlic, minced; 1 tablespoon grated lemon zest; 3 tablespoons fresh lemon juice (from 1 to 2 lemons); 2 tablespoons anchovy paste; 1 tablespoon white wine vinegar; 2/3 cup extra-virgin olive oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat a grill to medium-high. Rinse and pat dry the lettuce. Cut the 2 heads in half lengthwise. Brush surface with olive oil and grill about 4 to 5 minutes total, turning occasionally. Place each wedge on a salad plate and drizzle with Citrus Caesar Vinaigrette or your favorite Caesar dressing. With a vegetable peeler, shave some pieces from a wedge of Parmigiano-Reggiano over each salad and serve. Place all ingredients in a pint jar with a lid. Secure the lid, then shake to blend. Store, covered, in the refrigerator for up to a week. <END>
INPUT: Italian, chicken tenders, Caesar salad dressing, mozzarella asiago cheese, Parmesan
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken Caesar Salad Pizza | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 pound chicken tenders; 1/2 cup Caesar salad dressing, plus 2 tablespoons (recommended: Wishbone); 1 (12-inch) thin pizza crust (recommended: Boboli); 1 3/4 cups shredded mozzarella and asiago cheese (recommended: Sargento); 1/4 cup shredded Parmesan (recommended: Kraft); 4 cups hearts of romaine, shredded (recommended: Ready Pac); 1 tablespoon lemon juice (recommended: ReaLemon); 1/4 cup Caesar salad dressing (recommended: Wishbone); 1/4 cup shredded Parmesan (recommended: Kraft); 1 cup seasoned croutons (recommended: Marie Callender's) | INSTRUCTIONS: Set up grill for direct cooking over medium heat. Oil grate when ready to start cooking. In a bowl, combine chicken tenders with 1/2 cup salad dressing; set aside. Brush pizza crust with remaining 2 tablespoons of dressing and top with cheeses; set aside. Remove chicken from marinade and cook on hot oiled grill for 3 to 4 minutes per side or until just done. Remove from grill and place on top of pizza. Slide pizza onto grill and cook, covered, 8 to 10 minutes, or until cheese has melted and begun to bubble. For the topping: While pizza is cooking, toss shredded romaine with lemon juice. Add 1/ <END>
INPUT: salad, sandwiches, eggs, smoked salmon, dill, nonpareil capers, mayonnaise
OUTPUT: TITLE: Smoked Salmon and Dill Egg Salad Tea Sandwiches | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 eggs; 2 ounces smoked salmon, finely chopped; 2 teaspoons chopped dill; 2 teaspoons nonpareil capers; 1/4 cup plus 2 tablespoons mayonnaise; 1 teaspoon salt; 1/2 teaspoon black pepper; 14 slices sturdy white sandwich bread; 1/4 cup chopped chives, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Place the eggs in a saucepan and cover with cold water. Place over high heat and bring to a boil. Boil the eggs for exactly 4 minutes. Remove from the heat and let sit 10 more minute before draining. Run under cold water and peel the eggs immediately - the shell will come off much more easily while the eggs are still wet and warm. Using a box grater, grate the eggs on the shredder side into a bowl. Add the salmon, dill, capers, 1/4 cup of the mayonnaise, salt and pepper. Mix well. Lay out 7 slices of the bread and spread 1/4 cup of the egg salad onto each slice. Cover with the remaining bread  <END>
INPUT: salad, dressing, whipping cream, horseradish, olive oil, apple cider vinegar, dill
OUTPUT: TITLE: Smoked Trout, Watercress and Apple Salad with Creamy Horseradish Dressing | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup whipping cream; 1/3 cup prepared horseradish; 4 tablespoons olive oil; 2 tablespoons plus 2 teaspoons apple cider vinegar; 2 teaspoons finely chopped fresh dill; 1/8 teaspoon cayenne pepper; 6 cups trimmed watercress sprigs (about 2 large bunches); 1/2 cup very thinly sliced red onion; 2 red apples, cored, thinly sliced; smoked trout or smoked whitefish chubs,* coarsely flaked; Fresh dill sprigs (optional); *Smoked trout and smoked whitefish chubs are available at specialty foods stores and at some delicatessens and supermarkets | INSTRUCTIONS: Whisk cream, horseradish, 2 tablespoons oil, 2 tablespoons vinegar, chopped dill and cayenne in small bowl to blend. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Place watercress in large bowl. Add 1/3 cup cream dressing, 2 tablespoons oil and 2 teaspoons vinegar and toss to coat. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Mound watercress in center of each of 6 plates. Top with sliced onion. Fan apple slices atop salad. Top with trout. Spoon dressing over. Garnish with dill sprigs, if desired, and serve. Whisk cream, horseradish, 2 tablespoons oil, 2 tablespoons vinegar, chopped dill and cayenne in small <END>
INPUT: smoothie, peaches, nonfat vanilla soy, ice cubes, natural almonds skin, honey
OUTPUT: TITLE: Peach, Soy, and Almond Smoothie | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cups diced pitted peaches; 1 cup nonfat vanilla soy milk; 1 cup ice cubes; 8 natural almonds with skin, chopped; 1 tablespoon honey; 1/4 teaspoon almond extract; Chopped almonds (for garnish) | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine peaches, soy milk, ice cubes, almonds, honey, and extract in blender. Puree until smooth. Pour smoothie into 2 glasses. Top each smoothie with chopped almonds and serve. Combine peaches, soy milk, ice cubes, almonds, honey, and extract in blender. Puree until smooth. Pour smoothie into 2 glasses. Top each smoothie with chopped almonds and serve. <END>
INPUT: strawberry, salad, blanched hazelnuts, rhubarb, sugar, Cointreau orange juice, lemon juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Strawberry-Rhubarb Salad with Mint and Hazelnuts | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup blanched hazelnuts; 2 rhubarb stalks, thinly sliced on the diagonal; 2 tablespoons sugar; 1 tablespoon Cointreau or fresh orange juice; 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice; 2 pounds strawberries, hulled, quartered; 1/4 cup torn fresh mint leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350°. Toast hazelnuts on a rimmed baking sheet, tossing occasionally, until golden brown, 8–10 minutes. Let cool, then chop. Meanwhile, toss rhubarb, sugar, Cointreau, and lemon juice in a medium bowl. Let sit until rhubarb is slightly softened and releases its juices, about 30 minutes. Toss with strawberries, mint, and hazelnuts. Preheat oven to 350°. Toast hazelnuts on a rimmed baking sheet, tossing occasionally, until golden brown, 8–10 minutes. Let cool, then chop. Meanwhile, toss rhubarb, sugar, Cointreau, and lemon juice in a medium bowl. Let sit until rhubarb is slightly <END>
INPUT: Italian, skewers, olive oil vinegar, packet, mozzarella water, cherry tomatoes, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mozzarella Skewers | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 2/3 cup olive oil and vinegar salad dressing (recommended: Newman's Own); 1 packet (1.06 ounces) herbs marinade mix (recommended: McCormick Grill Mates); 16 ounces fresh mozzarella in water, cut into 1-inch pieces; 24 cherry tomatoes; 1 red onion, cut into 1-inch pieces; 1 sourdough baguette, cut into 24 (1-inch) pieces | INSTRUCTIONS: 10-inch bamboo skewers, soaked in water at least 1 hour prior to grilling Stir together salad dressing, herb marinade packet, and 1/2 cup water. Set aside. Place cheese and vegetables in a resealable bag and pour in marinade. Seal and marinate in refrigerator for 1 to 4 hours. Thread the skewers by alternating vegetables, cheese, and bread. Brush bread with some of the leftover marinade mixture and save the rest for garnish. Set up grill for direct cooking over medium heat. Lightly oil the grilling grates and place the skewers on the grill. Cook for 2 to 3 minutes per side, turning once. Bread <END>
INPUT: American, chocolate wafer cookies, unsalted butter, almond paste, bittersweet chocolate, heavy whipping cream
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate, Almond, and Raspberry Tart | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/4 cups finely ground chocolate wafer cookies (about 25); 5 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted; 6 ounces almond paste, crumbled into 1/4-inch pieces (about 1 1/3 cups); 6 ounces bittersweet chocolate (do not exceed 61% cacao), chopped; 1/2 cup heavy whipping cream; 3 half-pint baskets fresh raspberries; 2 tablespoons seedless raspberry jam; 2 teaspoons kirsch (clear cherry brandy); Sliced almonds, toasted; Special equipment: 1 9-inch-diameter tart pan with removable bottom; Ingredient info: Almond paste is available in the baking aisle of most supermarkets and at specialty foods stores | INSTRUCTIONS: For crust: Preheat oven to 350°F. Combine cookie crumbs and 5 tablespoons butter in medium bowl. Stir until crumbs are evenly coated and beginning to stick together. Press crumb mixture in thin even layer onto bottom and up sides of 9-inch-diameter tart pan with removable bottom. Bake crust until set and beginning to crisp, pressing with back of fork if crust puffs, about 15 minutes. Cool crust completely on rack. Preheat oven to 350°F. Combine cookie crumbs and 5 tablespoons butter in medium bowl. Stir until crumbs are evenly coated and beginning to stick together. Press crumb mixture in thin <END>
INPUT: stir, radicchio iceberg lettuce, lamb, onion, garlic, ginger
OUTPUT: TITLE: Stir-Fried Lamb in Radicchio Leaves | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 head radicchio or iceberg lettuce; 1 pound finely ground lamb; 1/2 onion, chopped; 5 garlic cloves, chopped; 1 tablespoon finely chopped ginger; 1 teaspoon chili flakes; 3 tablespoons hoisin sauce; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 3 tablespoons peanut oil; 1/4 cup plum wine or port wine; 1 red bell pepper, finely chopped; Mint leaves, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Select 4 to 6 outer radicchio leaves that form a natural cup and set aside. Cut the remaining radicchio head into strips, you should have about 1 1/2 cups. Mix the lamb with the onion, garlic, ginger, chili flakes, hoisin sauce and salt and pepper, to taste. Heat a wok or large skillet over high heat. When really hot, add the peanut oil, and stir-fry the lamb until it is cooked. Add the plum wine and red bell pepper, and cook for another minute or two. Adjust seasoning, if necessary. Fill radicchio cups equally with radicchio strips. Spoon the lamb mixture into the cups and garnish with fresh  <END>
INPUT: virgin olive oil, baby fingerling potatoes, garlic, escarole, Kosher salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tilapia with Escarole and Lemon-Pepper Oil | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 12 ounces baby fingerling potatoes, halved, or small red-skinned potatoes, quartered; 4 cloves garlic, smashed; 1 head escarole (about 1 1/4 pounds), torn into pieces; Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper; 1 1/4 pounds tilapia fillets, patted dry; 2 sprigs fresh oregano, leaves torn; Juice of 1 lemon | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat 1/4 cup of the olive oil in a large deep skillet with a lid over medium heat. Place the potatoes in the pan cut-side down. Add the garlic and cook until the potatoes are slightly golden and crisp, 4 to 5 minutes. Add the escarole, season with salt and pepper, then add about 1/3 cup water. Cover and steam until the escarole wilts, about 5 minutes. Season the fish with salt and pepper; place on top of the greens in the pan and sprinkle with the oregano leaves. Cover and steam until the fish is just cooked through, about 5 more minutes. Meanwhile, whisk the lemon juice in a bowl with the rem <END>
INPUT: Indian, instant, pudding, rice, milk, sugar, cardamom, cinnamon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Instant Rice Pudding with Cinnamon, Cardamom and Blueberries | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup cooked rice; 1 cup milk; 1/3 cup sugar; 1 teaspoon ground cardamom; 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, plus more for garnish; 1/4 cup dried blueberries, plus more for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. In a medium saucepan, stir together all ingredients and bring the mixture to a simmer. Cook for 5 minutes stirring frequently until the pudding is thick and creamy. Serve warm or at room temperature. Garnish, as desired, with additional blueberries or a sprinkle of cinnamon. <END>
INPUT: focaccia, seedless grapes, two packages active, sugar, lukewarm water, bread flour
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grape and Rosemary Focaccia | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 pound seedless red grapes; two 1/4-ounce packages active dry yeast (5 teaspoons); 1/2 teaspoon sugar; 1 1/2 cups lukewarm water; 4 1/4 cups bread flour; 1 teaspoon table salt; 1/4 cup olive oil; 2 tablespoons fresh rosemary leaves; coarse salt to taste; freshly ground black pepper to taste | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 300°F. In a baking dish large enough to hold grapes in one layer cook grapes in middle of oven 30 minutes, or until soft and sticky, and cool slightly. In a standing electric mixer fitted with paddle attachment beat together yeast, sugar, and water and let stand 5 minutes, or until foamy. Add flour, table salt, and oil and combine well. With dough hook knead dough 2 minutes, or until soft and slightly sticky. Form dough into a ball and let rest on a floured surface, covered with an inverted bowl, 10 minutes. On a lightly floured surface roll dough into an 18- by 8-inch oval. Ar <END>
INPUT: Mexican, butter, butternut squash, EVOO, Kosher salt pepper, nutmeg
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Squash Chili Mac | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 4 tablespoons butter, plus more for the casserole dish; 1 pound butternut squash, peeled and diced (or look for diced raw butternut squash in the produce department); EVOO, for drizzling; Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper; Freshly grated nutmeg; 1 pound rigatoni, penne or macaroni with ridges; 2 tablespoons chili powder, such as Gebhardt's, or a blend of ancho or chipotle; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh oregano; 1 teaspoon ground coriander; 1 teaspoon ground cumin; 1/4 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 2 cloves garlic, made into a paste; 1 fresh chile pepper, such as Fresno or jalapeno, finely chopped; 3 tablespoons all-purpose flour; 2 1/2 cups milk | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat oven to 425 degrees F. Lightly butter a casserole dish. Put the squash on a rimmed baking sheet, drizzle with EVOO and season with salt, pepper and nutmeg. Toss to combine. Roast until the edges are browned, 17 to 20 minutes. Reduce the oven temperature to 400 degrees F. Cook the pasta in boiling salted water to just shy of al dente, 7 minutes. Drain. Meanwhile, melt the butter in a saucepan over medium heat. Add the chili powder, oregano, coriander, cumin, cinnamon, garlic and chile pepper and cook, stirring, for 2 minutes. Add the flour and cook, stirri <END>
INPUT: syrup, peaches, sugar, Vanilla ice cream, basil leaves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Vanilla Ice Cream with Peach Syrup | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 peaches, pitted and chopped; 2 cups sugar; Vanilla ice cream, for serving; 12 whole basil leaves, cut into a chiffonade | INSTRUCTIONS: Place the chopped peaches in a bowl or mason jar and set aside. In a saucepan, combine the sugar and 2 cups of water. Stir to combine. Turn the heat to medium high and boil until the syrup becomes thicker but is not yet starting to turn color, 3 to 5 minutes. Remove from the heat and pour the syrup over the chopped peaches. Allow to sit at room temperature for 1 hour (or you can chill in the fridge). To serve, spoon the peach syrup over the vanilla ice cream and sprinkle with the basil. <END>
INPUT: portabellas, soppressata other cured, garlic, olive oil, fine bread crumbs, oregano
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Portabellas with Soppressata Stuffing | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 oz thinly sliced soppressata or other cured Italian salami, finely chopped (1/2 cup); 1 large garlic clove, minced; 1/4 cup plus 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1 cup fine fresh bread crumbs (from 3 slices firm white sandwich bread); 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh oregano; 3/4 oz finely grated Parmigiano-Reggiano (1/3 cup); 1/4 cup mayonnaise; 6 portabella mushrooms (3 to 3 1/2 inches wide; 1 1/4 lb total), stems discarded; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 1/4 teaspoon black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook soppressata and garlic in 2 tablespoons oil in a 10-inch heavy skillet over moderate heat, stirring occasionally, 3 minutes. Add bread crumbs and oregano and cook, stirring, until soppressata begins to brown, 1 to 2 minutes. Transfer stuffing to a bowl and cool to room temperature, about 10 minutes. Reserve 2 tablespoons cheese, then add remaining cheese, mayonnaise, and salt and pepper to taste to stuffing and stir to combine. While stuffing cools, prepare grill for cooking over low-heat charcoal (moderate heat for gas). (If using a charcoal grill, open vents on bottom of grill, then lig <END>
INPUT: soup, olive oil, assorted wild mushrooms, onions, celery, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Beef Barley Soup with Wild Mushrooms and Parsnips | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons olive oil; 1 1/2 pounds assorted fresh wild mushrooms (such as crimini and oyster), sliced; 3/4 pound onions, chopped; 2 celery stalks, chopped; 4 large garlic cloves, chopped; 3 1/2 pounds center-cut beef shank slices (about 3/4 to 1 inch thick); 8 cups canned beef broth; 7 cups water; 1 1/4 pounds red bell peppers, chopped; 1 pound parsnips, peeled, cut into 1/2-inch pieces; 1/2 pound carrots, peeled, cut into 1/2-inch pieces; 1 3/4 cups pearl barley (about 9 ounces); 1 1/2 cups canned crushed tomatoes with added puree; 2 3/4-ounce packages dried porcini mushrooms (see note below), brushed clean of any grit, coarsely chopped; 2 tablespoons dried marjoram | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat oil in heavy large pot over medium-high heat. Add mushrooms and onions. Sauté until mushrooms brown, about 18 minutes. Add celery and garlic and stir 1 minute. Add beef shank slices and all remaining ingredients. Bring to boil. Reduce heat to medium-low. Cover and simmer until meat is tender, about 1 1/2 hours. Remove from heat. Using tongs, remove meat from pot. Cool slightly. Remove meat from bones; discard bones and any tough connective tissue. Cut meat into bite-size pieces and return to soup. Season soup to taste with salt and pepper. (Can be made 2 days ahead. Cool slightly at room  <END>
INPUT: American, lebanese, cheese, goat's milk yogurt, Kosher sea salt, virgin olive oil, Za'atar herb blend, Kalamata olives
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lebanese Yogurt Cheese with Za'Atar and Olives | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 quart goat's-milk yogurt; Kosher or sea salt; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; Za'atar herb blend; 24 Kalamata olives; 1 bunch small radishes, trimmed; Pita bread, cut into wedges, warmed | INSTRUCTIONS: Line a sieve with cheesecloth. If the cheesecloth is loosely woven (most supermarket brands are), use a triple thickness. Pour the yogurt into the sieve, then gather the edges of the cheesecloth and tie into a bag. Hang the bag over the sink or over a bowl to catch the drippings. Let drain for 8 hours. Turn the soft, creamy cheese out onto a platter. Season the surface with salt to taste, drizzle with olive oil, then sprinkle generously with za'atar. Surround the cheese with the olives and radishes. Serve with the warm pita bread wedges. <END>
INPUT: Italian, risotto, peas, prosciutto, chicken broth, water
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fresh Mozzarella Pea Risotto | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 lb. fresh or frozen peas; 2 oz. prosciutto, chopped (about 1/2 cup); Cooking spray; 2 1/2 cups chicken broth; 2 cups water; 1 Tbsp. butter; 1 1/2 cups leeks, chopped; 2 garlic cloves, minced; 1 1/2 cups uncooked Arborio rice; 1 tsp. fresh thyme, chopped; 1/3 cup dry white wine; 3/4 tsp. salt; 1/4 tsp. pepper; 2 cups trimmed arugula; 4 oz. BelGioioso Fresh Mozzarella, cut into 1/4-inch cubes | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 400°. If using fresh peas, remove pea from pods; discard pods. Cook peas in boiling water 1 minute. Remove peas with a slotted spoon and place into ice water; drain. Arrange prosciutto in a single layer on a baking sheet coated with cooking spray; bake at 400°F for 7 minutes or until crisp. Set aside. Bring broth and water to a simmer in a medium saucepan. Keep warm over low heat. Melt butter in a pan over medium-high heat. Add leeks and garlic, saute 3 minutes or until tender. Add rice and thyme and cook 2 minutes, stirring constantly. Reduce heat to medium. Add white wine and <END>
INPUT: American, cupcakes, sage, all purpose flour, baking powder, baking soda, salt, cinnamon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Butternut Squash Cupcakes, Cranberry Compote Filling and Sage-Cream Cheese Frosting | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 1/4 cups all-purpose flour; 1 tablespoon baking powder; 1/2 teaspoon baking soda; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1/4 teaspoon ground ginger; 1/4 teaspoon ground nutmeg; 1 stick unsalted butter, at room temperature; 1 1/2 cups light brown sugar, packed; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; 2 large eggs, at room temperature; 1 cup cooked, mashed butternut squash; 3/4 cup whole milk, at room temperature; 1/2 cup chopped pecans, optional; Cranberry Compote Filling, recipe follows | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Line 2 muffin pans with cupcake liners. In a medium bowl, sift together the flour, baking powder, baking soda, salt, cinnamon, ginger and nutmeg. Set aside. In a large mixing bowl, cream together the butter and brown sugar until well blended using a hand held mixer. Scrape down the sides of the bowl, and then add the vanilla and one egg at a time, scraping down the sides of the bowl after each addition. Add the butternut squash and mix until well blended. With the mixer on the lowest speed, add the dry ingredients and the milk, alternating between the two, be <END>
INPUT: Italian, sauce, garlic, olive oil, wine, chicken stock, lemon juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Garlic Ravioli with Parsley Garlic Sauce | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 4 heads garlic; 2 ounces olive oil; 2 ounces white wine; 6 ounces chicken stock; 2 ounces lemon juice; 1 head fennel, peeled and chopped; 1 red onion, diced; 5 carrots, peeled and diced; 6 artichoke bottoms, cooked and diced small; 8 ounces ricotta; Ravioli pasta, store bought; 2 heads garlic, peeled; 16 ounces chicken stock; 8 ounces heavy cream; 8 sprigs parsley | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. Place all the garlic cloves on a piece of aluminum foil and drizzle with olive oil. Wrap the garlic in foil and bake in the oven for 45 minutes. Remove the garlic from the oven, and when cool enough to handle, squeeze the roasted garlic from the skins. To make the ravioli, place the white wine, chicken stock, lemon juice, fennel, red onions, and carrots in a medium pan, add salt, and simmer for 10 minutes. Add the artichokes, cover the pot, and simmer until the artichokes are tender. Once the artichokes are tender, remove the pot from heat and let the mixture coo <END>
INPUT: Mexican, fruit, skewers, seedless watermelon, pineapple, mangoes, zest juice lime, Vegetable oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Fruit Skewers with Chili and Lime | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 5-to-6-pound seedless watermelon, cut into 1-inch cubes; 1 pineapple, peeled, cored and cut into 1-inch cubes; 2 mangoes, peeled, pitted and cut into 1-inch cubes; Grated zest and juice of 1 lime; Vegetable oil, for brushing; 2 teaspoons chili powder; Coarse sea salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Soak 18 wooden skewers in water 20 minutes. Thread the watermelon, pineapple and mango cubes on the skewers. Put the skewers in a large zip-top plastic bag, being careful not to puncture the bag; add the lime juice, seal and toss gently to incorporate. Refrigerate at least 30 minutes or until ready to use. Preheat a grill or grill pan to medium high. Remove the skewers from the bag and place on a baking sheet. Brush the fruit with vegetable oil and place the skewers on the grill. Grill, turning once, until marks appear, 6 to 8 minutes. Transfer to a serving platter. Combine the lime zest, chil <END>
INPUT: sauce, milk, heavy cream, vanilla bean, egg yolks, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Espresso Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup milk; 1/2 cup heavy cream; 1 vanilla bean; 4 egg yolks; 1/3 cup sugar; 1/4 cup strong espresso coffee | INSTRUCTIONS: Pour the milk and heavy cream into a heavy-bottomed pot. On a cutting board, split the vanilla bean down the middle and, using the top of your knife, scrape all the seeds into the milk. Add the bean pod to the milk and bring the milk gently to a boil over medium heat, being careful not to scorch the milk or allow it to boil over. Lower the heat and simmer for 10 minutes, uncovered. Remove from the heat and allow the vanilla bean to steep in the milk for another 5 minutes. Meanwhile, in the bowl of an electric mixer, whip the egg yolks and sugar together at medium speed for 5 minutes. Remove th <END>
INPUT: Mexican, minted, sparkletinis, mint leaves, limeade concentrate, cranberry juice, vodka, cucumber
OUTPUT: TITLE: Minted Cranberry-Lime Sparkletinis | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/4 cup fresh mint leaves, mottled; 1/3 cup limeade concentrate; 1/4 cup cranberry juice; 1 cup vodka; 1 cucumber, peeled and sliced into wheels; 1 1/2 cup carbonated water; Gold or silver fleck (optional; available from goldleafcompany.com) | INSTRUCTIONS: In a pitcher combine the mint leaves, limeade concentrate, cranberry juice, and vodka and stir until combined; add the cucumbers and chill well, for at least 2 hours. Before service, strain out the mint leaves and cucumber, add the carbonated water and gold or silver fleck, stir gently and pour into martini glasses. In a pitcher combine the mint leaves, limeade concentrate, cranberry juice, and vodka and stir until combined; add the cucumbers and chill well, for at least 2 hours. Before service, strain out the mint leaves and cucumber, add the carbonated water and gold or silver fleck, stir ge <END>
INPUT: olive oil, salt, pepper, shallots
OUTPUT: TITLE: Halibut in Artichoke and Tomato Broth | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon olive oil, plus 3 tablespoons; 4 (6-ounce) halibut fillets; 1/4 teaspoon salt, plus more for seasoning fish; 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, plus more for seasoning fish; 2 shallots, sliced into thin rounds; 2 cloves garlic, minced; 1 pound frozen artichokes, thawed; 1/2 cup white wine; 1 1/2 cups low-sodium chicken broth; 1 (14.5-ounce) can diced tomatoes; 1/2 teaspoon minced fresh thyme leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: Drizzle 1 tablespoon of olive oil over the halibut and season with salt and pepper. Heat a grill pan over high heat. Cook the fish on the grill pan until just cooked through, about 4 minutes per side, depending on thickness. In a medium saucepan, heat the 3 tablespoons of olive oil over medium-high heat. Add the shallots and cook for 1 minute. Add the garlic and artichokes and cook until golden brown, about 5 minutes. Add the white wine and stir, scraping the brown bits off the bottom of the pan with a wooden spoon. Add the chicken broth, tomatoes and juice, thyme, and 1/4 teaspoon each salt a <END>
INPUT: onion, pepper flakes, butternut squash, chicken stock, parsley
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grated Spicy Butternut Squash | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup finely chopped onion; Red pepper flakes, to taste; 1 butternut squash, peeled, seeded and grated; 1/4 cup chicken stock; 3 tablespoons chopped parsley; Salt; 3 tablespoons butter | INSTRUCTIONS: In a skillet, melt butter and cook onion over medium heat. Stir in red pepper flakes. Stir in grated squash and toss to coat. Pour in chicken stock and cook, stirring occasionally, For 7 to 10 minutes. Toss in parsley and salt. Serve warm. <END>
INPUT: Asian, rolls, shrimp, broccoli slaw, sesame ginger marinade, Canola vegetable oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Shrimp Spring Rolls with Spicy Apricot Mustard Dip | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup chopped cooked shrimp; 2 cups broccoli slaw; 2 tablespoons prepared sesame-ginger marinade; 1 (4.7-ounce) package spring roll wrappers; Canola or vegetable oil, for deep frying; 1 tablespoon sesame-ginger marinade; 1/2 cup apricot preserves; 1/4 cup spicy brown mustard; 1/2 teaspoon hot sauce | INSTRUCTIONS: For the dip: In a small bowl, stir together the marinade, preserves, mustard and hot sauce. For the spring rolls: In a bowl, mix together the shrimp, slaw and marinade. Place a spring roll wrapper on your work surface with 1 of the corners facing you so it looks like a diamond. (Keep the spring roll wrappers covered with a damp towel so they don't dry out). Place 2 tablespoons filling on the lower third of the wrapper. Spread the filling out in a line from side to side. Roll the bottom corner up over the filling, and then fold in the sides. Moisten the top corner with some water, using your fi <END>
INPUT: American, berry, cobbler, dark sugar, cornstarch, mixed berries, all purpose flour, baking powder
OUTPUT: TITLE: Brown Sugar Berry Cobbler | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 to 1 cup plus 1 teaspoon packed dark brown sugar (depending on sweetness of berries), divided; 2 1/2 tablespoons cornstarch; 2 3/4 pound mixed berries (strawberries trimmed and halved if using); 2 cups all-purpose flour; 2 teaspoons baking powder; Rounded 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1 1/2 sticks cold unsalted butter, cut into pieces; 3/4 cup whole milk; 1 teaspoon granulated sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 425°F with rack in middle. Stir together 3/4 to 1 cup brown sugar and cornstarch in a large bowl. Add berries and toss to coat. Transfer mixture to a shallow 3-quart baking dish and bake until mixture is hot, about 12 minutes. Meanwhile, whisk together flour, baking powder, and salt in a medium bowl. Add butter and blend with your fingertips or a pastry blender until mixture resembles coarse meal with some roughly pea-size butter lumps. Add milk and stir until dough just comes together. Remove baking dish from oven and drop 12 mounds of dough onto hot berries. Stir together rem <END>
INPUT: Italian, pesto, bell peppers, canola oil, Salt pepper, garlic, basil leaves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Red Pepper-Basil Pesto Pizza | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 2 medium red bell peppers, stemmed; 2 tablespoons canola oil; Salt and freshly cracked black pepper; 2 cloves garlic; 1/2 cup fresh basil leaves; 3 tablespoons pine nuts; 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 1/4 cup grated Parmesan; Pizza dough, recipe follows; Canola oil, as needed; Salt and freshly cracked black pepper; 12 ounces fresh mozzarella, sliced; 1 wedge Parmigiano-Reggiano, shaved; 1 red onion, halved and thinly sliced; 2 cups baby arugula leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. For the pesto: Preheat an oven to 375 degrees F. Put the peppers on a baking sheet, rub them with the canola oil and season with salt and black pepper, to taste. Roast until they are slightly charred and soft, turning several times, about 25 to 30 minutes. Transfer the peppers to a bowl, cover with plastic wrap and let them steam for 10 minutes. Remove the skins and seeds. Put the peppers, garlic, basil and pine nuts into the bowl of a food processor and pulse until coarsely chopped. With the motor running, slowly pour the olive oil through the feed tube and puls <END>
INPUT: fruit, sundaes, scoops vanilla ice, firmly golden sugar, plums, cinnamon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pine Nut and Fruit Ice Cream Sundaes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 scoops vanilla ice cream; 2 tablespoons (1/4 stick) unsalted butter; 1/4 cup firmly packed golden brown sugar; 2 large plums, pitted, thinly sliced; 1/8 tablespoon ground cinnamon; 2 ripe but firm bananas, peeled, thinly sliced; 1/4 cup pine nuts, toasted | INSTRUCTIONS: Put 1 scoop of ice cream into each of 4 deep bowls; place bowls in freezer. Melt butter in heavy medium skillet over low heat. Add sugar and stir until blended. Increase heat to medium. Add plums and cinnamon and sauté until plums begin to soften, about 3 minutes. Add bananas and sauté just until heated through, about 2 minutes. Spoon sauce over ice cream. Sprinkle with nuts. Put 1 scoop of ice cream into each of 4 deep bowls; place bowls in freezer. Melt butter in heavy medium skillet over low heat. Add sugar and stir until blended. Increase heat to medium. Add plums and cinnamon and sauté un <END>
INPUT: cereal, bananas, water, nonfat milk, salt, farina
OUTPUT: TITLE: Creamy Wheat Cereal with Maple Syrup and Bananas | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 large bananas, peeled; 2 cups water; 2 cups nonfat milk; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1 cup farina (regular Cream of Wheat); 1/2 cup pure maple syrup; 1/4 cup dried banana chips, broken into small pieces; 2 tablespoons sliced almonds, toasted | INSTRUCTIONS: Chop enough banana to equal 1 cup. Slice remaining banana and reserve. Combine 2 cups water, nonfat milk and salt in heavy large saucepan. Bring mixture to boil. Gradually whisk in cream of wheat. Continue to whisk constantly until mixture thickens, about 4 minutes. Stir maple syrup and chopped banana into cereal. Chop enough banana to equal 1 cup. Slice remaining banana and reserve. Combine 2 cups water, nonfat milk and salt in heavy large saucepan. Bring mixture to boil. Gradually whisk in cream of wheat. Continue to whisk constantly until mixture thickens, about 4 minutes. Stir maple syrup  <END>
INPUT: Italian, ravioli, all purpose flour, eggs, Cornmeal, leeks, bacon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Bacon Ravioli With Mushrooms | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 4 cups all-purpose flour, plus more for dusting; 6 large eggs, beaten; Cornmeal, for dusting; 3 leeks, halved and sliced; 8 slices thick-cut bacon, roughly chopped; 4 carrots, cut into 1-inch pieces; 1/2 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg; Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper; 1 3/4 cups chopped fresh parsley; 1/3 cup ricotta cheese; 3 ounces gruyere cheese, finely grated; 2 large egg yolks; 5 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1 pound assorted wild mushrooms, sliced; Kosher salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Make the dough: Put the flour in a food processor. With the motor running, pour in the beaten eggs and pulse until the dough gathers around the blades. Turn out the dough and pat into a rectangle. Wrap in plastic wrap and set aside 30 minutes at room temperature. Meanwhile, make the filling: Pulse the leeks, bacon and carrots in a food processor until finely chopped. Transfer to a skillet; add 1 cup water and cook over medium heat, stirring, until evaporated, about 7 minutes. Add the nutmeg, 1/2 teaspoon salt and 1/4 teaspoon pepper. Increase the heat to medium high; cook until the vegetables  <END>
INPUT: Mexican, chili, dumplings, mild New Mexico, water, lamb shoulder, pepper, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lamb Chili with Masa Harina Dumplings | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 10 dried mild New Mexico chiles (2 1/2 to 3 oz); 5 cups water; 3 1/4 lb boneless lamb shoulder, trimmed and cut into 1 1/2-inch pieces; 1/2 teaspoon black pepper; 1 1/4 teaspoons salt; 3 tablespoons lard or vegetable oil; 1 large onion, chopped (2 cups); 4 garlic cloves, minced; 2 Turkish bay leaves or 1 California; 2 teaspoons ground cumin; 1 1/2 teaspoons dried oregano, crumbled; 3 tablespoons finely chopped canned chipotle chiles in adobo; 3/4 cup masa harina (corn tortilla mix); 1/4 cup all-purpose flour; 1 teaspoon baking powder | INSTRUCTIONS: Make chili: Simmer dried chiles in 2 cups water, covered, in a 2-quart heavy saucepan until very soft, about 20 minutes. Reserve 3/4 cup cooking liquid, then drain in a colander. Stem chiles (do not remove seeds), then purée in a blender with reserved cooking liquid until smooth (use caution when blending hot liquids). Force purée through a fine-mesh sieve into a bowl. Reserve purée. Pat lamb dry, then sprinkle with pepper and 1 teaspoon salt. Heat 2 tablespoons lard in a 6-quart wide heavy pot or a 3-inch-deep straight-sided skillet over moderately high heat until hot but not smoking, then br <END>
INPUT: pudding, milk, heavy cream, nonfat milk powder, kosher salt, pearl tapioca
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tapioca Pearl Pudding | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups whole milk; 1 cup heavy cream; 1 tablespoon nonfat dry milk powder; 1/8 teaspoons kosher salt; 1/3 cup small pearl tapioca (not instant or quick-cooking); 1/3 cup sugar; 1 large egg yolk, beaten to blend; Freshly grated nutmeg (for serving) | INSTRUCTIONS: Whisk milk, cream, milk powder, and salt in a medium saucepan; add tapioca and let sit 30 minutes to hydrate. Add sugar to tapioca mixture and bring to a simmer over medium heat. Reduce heat to medium-low and cook, stirring often, until the consistency of a thick soup, 10-12 minutes. Whisk in egg yolk and cook, stirring occasionally, 2 minutes (it will thicken slightly). Let cool, stirring occasionally, 10 minutes. Divide among small glasses. Chill pudding until cold (it will thicken), at least 2 hours. Serve topped with nutmeg. Do ahead: Pudding can be made 3 days ahead. Cover and keep chille <END>
INPUT: American, skillet, unsalted butter, Golden Delicious apples, sugar, cinnamon
OUTPUT: TITLE: B. Smith's Skillet Apple Pie | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 3 Golden Delicious apples, plus 3 Granny Smith apples, peeled, cored, sliced thin and tossed with 1 tablespoon lemon juice; 1/2 cup brown sugar, firmly packed; 1/2 cup sugar; 1/2 teaspoon cinnamon; 1/4 teaspoon nutmeg; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 1 teaspoon cornstarch; 2 tablespoons flour; 1 1/2 cups all-purpose flour; 1/4 cup, plus 1 tablespoon sugar; 1 1/4 teaspoons baking powder; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/4 cup unsalted butter, chilled; 2/3 cup half and half | INSTRUCTIONS: To prepare filling; melt butter in a 10-inch cast iron skillet over medium heat, add apple slices and cook, stirring frequently, for about 5 minutes. Mix sugars, cinnamon, nutmeg salt and cornstarch in a bowl and gently stir mixture into apples. Continue to cook until apples are soft but not mushy, about 5 minutes. To prepare topping; mix together flour, 1/4 cup sugar, baking powder, and salt in a large bowl. Using 2 knives or a pastry blender, cut in the butter until the mixture resembles coarse crumbs. Add the milk and vanilla, and quickly blend together with spatula. To assemble the pie; dr <END>
INPUT: American, cole, slaw, mayonnaise, sour cream, crumbled cheese, apple cider vinegar, Salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Blue Cheese Cole Slaw | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 cup mayonnaise; 1/2 cup sour cream; 1/4 cup crumbled blue cheese; 2 tablespoons apple cider vinegar; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1/2 medium green cabbage, cored, quartered and thinly sliced; 1/2 small red cabbage, cored, quartered and thinly sliced; 1 Vidalia onion, halved lengthwise and cut crosswise into 1/4-inch slices | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large bowl, mix together the mayonnaise, sour cream, blue cheese, vinegar and some salt and pepper and stir until well combined. Add the cabbage and onions and toss to combine. Cover and refrigerate until serving. <END>
INPUT: whipped, Yukon Gold potatoes, milk, unsalted butter, kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Whipped Potatoes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 pounds Yukon Gold potatoes, washed and rinsed; 1 gallon whole milk; 4 ounces unsalted butter, melted; 1 tablespoon kosher salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Peel the potatoes and slice as thinly as possible on a mandoline directly into a large, 8-quart container filled with 4 quarts of cold water. Cover and refrigerate overnight. Drain the potatoes and rinse with clean, cold water; spin dry in a salad spinner. Transfer the potatoes to an 11-quart pot, cover with the milk and set over medium heat. Bring to a simmer, about 35 minutes. Reduce the heat in order to maintain a simmer and cook, uncovered, until the potatoes are fork tender and beginning to fall apart, 25 to 30 minutes. Reserve 1 cup of the cooking milk. Drain the potatoes thoroughly in a <END>
INPUT: spritzers, agave nectar, filtered water, thyme, unsweetened cranberry juice, Ice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cranberry Thyme Spritzers | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons agave nectar; 3 tablespoons filtered water; 6 sprigs thyme; 3/4 cup chilled unsweetened 100% cranberry juice; Ice; 2 to 3 cups chilled seltzer, to taste | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring the agave, water and two sprigs of thyme to a simmer in a saucepan. Cook and stir occasionally, until water and agave form a light syrup. Remove from heat and set aside to let thyme flavor steep; cool completely. Divide thyme syrup and unsweetened cranberry juice among 4 to 6 ice-filled glasses. Top with chilled seltzer to taste, and garnish with fresh flowering thyme. <END>
INPUT: Asian, sticky, wrapped, glutinous rice, lotus leaves, handful shrimp, shiitake mushrooms, peanut oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sticky Rice Wrapped in Lotus Leaves | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 2 1/2 cups cooked glutinous rice (see Cook's Note); 2 dried lotus leaves (can be found at specialty Asian markets or online); 1 small handful dried shrimp; 5 small dried shiitake mushrooms; 1 tablespoon peanut oil; 1-inch piece fresh ginger, peeled and grated; 2 small shallots, peeled and finely chopped; 8 ounces lean ground pork; 1 teaspoon Chinese five-spice powder; 1 tablespoon Shaohsing rice wine; 2 tablespoons light soy sauce; 1 tablespoon dark soy sauce; 1 teaspoon toasted sesame oil; Pinch sea salt; Freshly ground white pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: Butcher's twine, for tying lotus leaf parcels 2 dried lotus leaves (can be found at specialty Asian markets or online) Place 1 cup rice in a pan with 2 cups water (1 to 2 ratio), then bring to a boil, reduce the heat, cover and simmer for 15 minutes. In a large bowl or in a clean sink, soak the lotus leaves for 20 minutes in enough hot water to cover, and then drain and set aside. In a small bowl, soak the dried shrimp for 20 minutes in enough hot water to cover, and then drain, finely chop and set aside. In another small bowl, soak the dried mushrooms for 20 minutes in enou <END>
INPUT: bananas, sugar, cinnamon, honey, Vanilla ice cream
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Bananas | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 bananas (not too ripe); 2 tablespoons sugar; 2 tablespoons ground cinnamon; 2 tablespoons honey; Vanilla ice cream, for serving; Bourbon or other liqueur, for drizzling, optional | INSTRUCTIONS: Build a charcoal fire or preheat a gas grill. Slice the bananas, in their skins, in half crosswise and then lengthwise so each banana yields 4 pieces. Set aside on a clean platter. In a small bowl, combine the sugar and cinnamon. Drizzle the honey on the cut sides of the bananas and sprinkle them with the cinnamon sugar. Let the bananas sit for 5 minutes. Place the bananas, cut side down, on the center of grill. Grill for 2 minutes or until grill marks appear. Using a pair of tongs, turn them over and cook for 5 more minutes, or until the skin pulls away from the bananas. Remove the bananas fr <END>
INPUT: Mexican, spanish, fennel seeds, pepper, smoked paprika, salt, pork shoulder steaks
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spanish-Style Pork Shoulder Steaks | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons ground toasted fennel seeds; 2 tablespoons freshly cracked black pepper; 1 tablespoon smoked paprika (pimenton); 1 tablespoon salt; 6 bone-in pork shoulder steaks, about 3 pounds; 1/2 cup peeled, crushed garlic; 1/2 cup red wine vinegar; 3 tablespoons olive oil; 1/2 cup freshly chopped cilantro leaves, divided; 1 lime, juiced, plus 6 limes, sliced into wedges, for serving; 1 cup crema Mexciano or sour cream; 24 corn tortillas; Olive tapenade, purchased | INSTRUCTIONS: In a small pan, toast the fennel and black pepper. Add the fennel, black pepper, paprika, and salt to a spice grinder and grind. Put the pork in a large, (2-gallon, if possible), resealable plastic bag. Add the garlic, vinegar, olive oil and the spices. Seal the bag, and massage the marinade all over the pork. Put the bag into a glass or metal pan (in case bag leaks) and refrigerate for 4 hours. Remove from refrigerator and let come to room temperature. Add 2 tablespoons cilantro, lime juice and 1 cup of crema to a small bowl. Combine well, pour into squeeze bottle and refrigerate. Preheat the <END>
INPUT: poundcake, all purpose flour, polenta, baking powder, salt, sweet unsalted butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Polenta Poundcake | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cups all-purpose flour; 3/4 cup polenta, fine grind; 1 teaspoon baking powder; Pinch salt; 3/4 cups sweet unsalted butter (1 1/2 sticks); 1 1/4 cups sugar; 1/2 cup almond paste; 1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract; 1/2 teaspoon almond extract; 6 large eggs, separated; 1 cup heavy cream; Powdered sugar, for serving | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F. Butter and lightly flour the insides of a 10-inch round cake pan. Sift together the flour, polenta, baking powder and salt. Set aside. In a mixer, on medium speed, cream the butter until light and fluffy. Add 1 cup of the sugar and beat until pale and fluffy Add almond paste and beat again. Blend in vanilla and almond extracts, then beat in the egg yolks, 1 at a time, being sure that each is mixed in before the next is added. Alternately, beat in small amounts of the sifted dry ingredients and the cream to the butter mixture, beginning and ending with dry ingredi <END>
INPUT: strawberries, wine vinegar, bay leaf, sugar, Salt pepper, spinach
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spinach Salad with Pickled Strawberries and Poppy Seed Dressing | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup red wine vinegar; 1 bay leaf; 1 tablespoon sugar; Salt and freshly ground pepper; 10 ounces spinach; 1/2 red onion, thinly sliced; 1 cup thinly sliced white button mushrooms; For the dressing:; 2/3 cup canola oil; 1/3 cup apple cider vinegar; 3 tablespoons honey; 2 tablespoons dijon mustard; 1 large egg; 2 tablespoons poppy seeds; For the salad: | INSTRUCTIONS: Make the dressing: Put the oil, vinegar, honey, mustard, egg, 1/2 teaspoon salt and 1/4 teaspoon pepper in a blender and blend until smooth. Stir in the poppy seeds. Refrigerate until ready to serve. Make the salad: Put the strawberries in a nonreactive heatproof bowl. In a small saucepan over medium heat, combine the vinegar, 1/2 cup water, the bay leaf, sugar, 1 teaspoon salt and 1/4 teaspoon pepper. Bring to a low boil and allow the sugar to dissolve. Pour over the strawberries and let stand about 20 minutes. Remove the bay leaf and drain the strawberries, discarding the liquid. In a large  <END>
INPUT: Mexican, tacos, unsalted butter, hash browns, onion, cumin, beans
OUTPUT: TITLE: Egg and Hash Brown Tacos | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 2 cups frozen shredded hash browns (about 8 ounces); 1/2 small onion, finely chopped; 1/2 teaspoon ground cumin; 1 15-ounce can black beans, drained and rinsed; 1/2 cup prepared salsa; 8 large eggs; Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper; 1/3 cup shredded monterey jack cheese; 8 6-inch flour tortillas, warmed; 1 avocado, pitted, peeled and roughly chopped; 1/4 cup chopped fresh cilantro | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat 1 1/2 tablespoons butter in a large nonstick skillet over medium heat. Add the hash browns and cook, stirring occasionally, until golden brown, about 15 minutes. Meanwhile, heat the remaining 1/2 tablespoon butter in a small saucepan over medium-high heat. Add the onion and cumin and cook, stirring occasionally, until the onion is softened, about 5 minutes. Add the beans and salsa, reduce the heat to low and cook until heated through, about 2 minutes. Lightly beat the eggs in a bowl with 1/2 teaspoon salt, and pepper to taste. Pour into the skillet with the hash browns and cook, stirring, <END>
INPUT: skins, ketchup, tomatoes, virgin olive oil, onion, garlic, chipotle chiles en
OUTPUT: TITLE: Crispy Garlic Potato Skins with Spicy Roasted Tomato Ketchup | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 1/2 pounds ripe tomatoes; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1 medium onion, finely diced; 2 cloves garlic, minced; 2 canned chipotle chiles en adobo with the sauce that clings to them, chopped; 1/4 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1/4 teaspoon ground allspice; Pinch ground clove; 1/4 cup cider vinegar; 1 tablespoon dark brown sugar; 1 teaspoon kosher salt, plus more as needed; Freshly ground black pepper; 4 medium russet potatoes (about 2 pounds), scrubbed; 4 cloves garlic, smashed; 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil | INSTRUCTIONS: To make the ketchup: Place a rack about 4 inches from the broiler element and preheat. Arrange the tomatoes on a foil-lined baking sheet. Broil the tomatoes, turning occasionally, until blackened all over. Set aside to cool slightly. Core and roughly chop the tomatoes with their skins. Heat the 2 tablespoons olive oil in a medium saucepan over medium heat. Add the onions and cook, stirring occasionally, until golden brown, about 10 minutes. Add the garlic, chipotles, cinnamon, allspice, and clove and cook, stirring, until fragrant, about 2 minutes. Add the vinegar and brown sugar and cook, sti <END>
INPUT: crusty loaf French, onion, carrots, celery
OUTPUT: TITLE: Slow-Cooker Sausage Stuffing | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 8 tablespoons (1 stick) unsalted butter, cut into 1/2-inch pieces plus more for greasing the slow cooker; 1 large crusty loaf of French bread or two baguettes (not sourdough), cut into 1-inch pieces and staled overnight (about 14 cups); 1 large onion, cut into 1/4-inch pieces (about 2 cups); 2 medium carrots, cut into 1/3-inch pieces (about 1 heaping cup); 2 stalks celery, cut into 1/3-inch pieces (about 1 cup); 1 1/2 teaspoons finely-minced fresh thyme leaves; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 cup low-sodium chicken broth; 1 pound sweet Italian sausage, casings removed; 2 tablespoons roughly-chopped fresh flat-leaf parsley | INSTRUCTIONS: Lightly grease the bottom and sides of a 6-quart slow cooker with butter. Toss the stale French bread, butter, onions, carrots, celery, thyme and 1 teaspoon each salt and pepper in the slow cooker. Pour the chicken broth over the bread mixture and toss to coat. Use your hands to tear teaspoon-size pieces of the Italian sausage and put them directly on top of the bread mixture. The sausage should cover most of the stuffing. Cover the slow cooker and cook on low until the sausage is cooked through and the vegetables are tender, about 4 hours. Remove the lid and gently stir the sausage into the s <END>
INPUT: pork, tenderloin, pineapple, Canola oil, Salt pepper, jalapeno peppers, rice vinegar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pork Tenderloin with Rum-Molasses Glaze and Grilled Pineapple-Jalapeno Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 small pineapple, peeled, cored and quartered; Canola oil; Salt and pepper; 1 to 2 jalapeno peppers (depending on how spicy you like it), seeded and chopped; 3 tablespoons rice vinegar; 1 cup unsweetened coconut milk; 1/4 cup chopped cilantro leaves; Honey; 2 tablespoons canola oil; 1 small red onion, coarsely chopped; 2 cloves garlic, chopped; 1 cup dark rum; 4 cups chicken stock; 3 tablespoons molasses; 2 tablespoons dark brown muscovado sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: For Grilled Pineapple-Jalapeno Sauce: Heat grill to high. Brush pineapple with a few tablespoons of oil and season with salt and pepper. Grill until golden brown on all sides. Remove pineapple from the grill, coarsely chop and transfer to the bowl of a food processor. Add the jalapeno, vinegar, coconut milk, cilantro, and few tablespoons of oil and honey, to taste. Season with salt and pepper. Let sit at room temperature for at least 30 minutes before serving. For Rum-Molasses Glaze: Heat 2 tablespoons of the oil in a medium saucepan over high heat. Add the onions and cook until soft. Add the  <END>
INPUT: smash, simple syrup, mint leaves, lemon wedges, bourbon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Bourbon Smash | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 ounce simple syrup; 8 fresh mint leaves, plus 1 sprig, for garnish; 3 lemon wedges; 2 ounces bourbon | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Put the simple syrup, mint leaves and lemon wedges into a cocktail shaker and muddle them until the lemons are broken down. Add the bourbon and fill the shaker with ice; using a long cocktail spoon, stir vigorously until very cold. Fill a rocks glass with ice and use a fine strainer to strain the drink into the glass. Put the mint sprig in the palm of one hand and gently smack it with the fingers of your other hand (this releases the oils and fragrance). Garnish the drink with the sprig and serve. <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, stew, olive oil, onions, garlic, butternut squash, bell peppers
OUTPUT: TITLE: White Bean, Butternut Squash, Kale and Olive Stew | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup olive oil; 3 large onions, chopped; 6 garlic cloves, minced; 1 3 1/4- to 3 1/2-pound butternut squash, peeled, seeded, cut into 1 1/2-inch cubes; 3 red bell peppers, seeded, cut into 1 1/2-inch pieces; 1 1/2 cups canned vegetable broth; 1 1/2 large bunches kale, thick stems trimmed, leaves cut crosswise into 2-inch strips; 1 tablespoon dried rubbed sage; 5 15-ounce cans cannellini (white kidney beans), rinsed, drained; 1 cup Kalamata olives, pitted, halved; Freshly grated Romano cheese | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat oil in heavy large Dutch oven over medium-high heat. Add onions and garlic; sauté until tender, about 10 minutes. Add squash; sauté Add bell peppers and stir to coat with onion mixture. Add broth. Cover and simmer until squash is just tender, about 10 minutes. Mix kale and sage into stew. Cover and cook until kale wilts, stirring occasionally, about 8 minutes. Add beans and olives and stir until heated through. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Heat oil in heavy large Dutch oven over medium-high heat. Add onions and garlic; sauté until tender, about 10 minutes. Add squash; sauté Add b <END>
INPUT: people, think, Brussels sprouts, salt, virgin olive oil, hot pepper flakes, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Brussels Sprouts for People Who Think They Hate Brussels Sprouts | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound Brussels sprouts; 1 teaspoon salt; 2 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil; 1 teaspoon hot red pepper flakes, or to taste; 5 cloves garlic, finely minced; 1/4 - 1/2 teaspoon nutmeg, or to taste, preferably freshly grated; 1/2 cup freshly grated Parmesan cheese | INSTRUCTIONS: Trim the ends off the Brussels sprouts and remove and discard any discolored outer leaves. If sprouts are large (more than 1 inch in diameter), cut them in quarters lengthwise through the stem end. If smaller, cut them in half. Bring 2 quarts of water to boil, add salt and the sprouts. Boil the sprouts uncovered until they are just crunchy-tender, about 5 minutes. Do not overcook them. Drain the sprouts well. Wipe and dry the pot and heat the olive oil in it. Add the red pepper flakes and garlic and sauté for 1 minute. Add the sprouts and nutmeg and sauté for another minute. Mix in the Parmesa <END>
INPUT: bread, cornmeal, all purpose flour, baking powder, salt, milk
OUTPUT: TITLE: Corn Bread for Stuffing | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cups yellow cornmeal; 1 cup all-purpose flour; 1 tablespoon baking powder; 1 teaspoon salt; 1 cup milk; 1 large egg; 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted and cooled | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 425 degrees F. and grease an 8-inch square baking pan. In a bowl whisk together cornmeal, flour, baking powder, and salt. In a small bowl whisk together milk, egg, and butter and add to cornmeal mixture, stirring only until just combined. Pour batter into pan and bake in middle of oven 20 to 25 minutes, or until pale golden and a tester comes out clean. Cool corn bread in pan on a rack 5 minutes. Invert corn bread onto rack and cool completely. Crumble corn bread coarsely into a large shallow baking pan. Let corn bread stand at room temperature until stale, at least 3 hours or  <END>
INPUT: Asian, layered, emulsion, mild olive oil, lime juice, smoked sable, Cavaillon melon cantaloupe
OUTPUT: TITLE: Layered Melon and Smoked Sable with Ginger Emulsion | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1 (3-inch) piece peeled ginger; 1/3 cup mild olive oil; 1 tablespoon fresh lime juice; 12 thin slices smoked sable (3/4 pound); 1 Cavaillon melon or 1/2 cantaloupe; thin julienne of black and red radish | INSTRUCTIONS: Finely grate enough ginger to measure 1 tablespoon. Purée ginger, oil, and lime juice in a blender until smooth and emulsified. Transfer to a small bowl. Arrange sable slices in 1 layer on a tray and brush with some of ginger emulsion. Halve melon lengthwise, then seed and peel. Cut 12 (1/8-inch-thick) lengthwise slices of melon. Arrange 3 melon slices and 3 sable slices on each of 4 plates. Drizzle plates with ginger emulsion. Finely grate enough ginger to measure 1 tablespoon. Purée ginger, oil, and lime juice in a blender until smooth and emulsified. Transfer to a small bowl. Arrange sable  <END>
INPUT: home, fries, unsalted butter, Russet potatoes, onions, roasted pepper, paprika
OUTPUT: TITLE: Home Fries with Burnt Ends, Pickled Chiles and Red Onions | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 tablespoons unsalted butter; 3 large Russet potatoes, boiled until almost tender, peeled and diced; 2 green onions, green and pale-green parts only, thinly sliced; 1 large roasted red pepper, finely diced; 1 teaspoon paprika; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 cups burnt ends, chopped; 1/4 cup pickled chiles; 1/4 cup pickled red onions; 1/4 cup chopped fresh cilantro | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat the butter in a large cast-iron skillet over medium-high heat. Add the potatoes, green onions, roasted red pepper, paprika and some salt and pepper; stir and then press everything with a spatula to smash it into an even layer. Cook until it starts to crisp and brown on the bottom, 4 to 5 minutes. Add the burnt ends and use the spatula to fold them into the potatoes, turning everything so that lots of the crispy bits are on top; smash again with the spatula to brown the second side, 4 to 5 minutes more. Top with the pickled chiles and onions. Sprinkle with the cilantro and serve from the s <END>
INPUT: Italian, cooked, side, tomatoes, olive oil, rock salt, chicken stock, truffle
OUTPUT: TITLE: Onaga Fillet Cooked Skin Side Crisp, Confit Tomato with Truffle Juice and Fried Basil | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 5 tomatoes, large, well ripened; 1/2 cup olive oil; 1 tablespoons rock salt; 2 cups chicken stock; 1/2 ounces black truffle, chopped; 1 cup truffle juice; 2 1/2 ounces butter; 18 basil leaves; 2 cups frying oil; 1 (5 to 6 pounds) fresh onaga boneless fillet, skin on; 1/2 cup extra virgin olive oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Confit tomato: Skin the tomatoes, cut each into 4 quarters and de-seed. Place the tomatoes on a baking sheet, sprinkle with olive oil and a few grains of rock salt. Place in a preheated 180 degree oven for 2 hours. Remove from oven and reserve. Truffle juice: In a small pot combine chicken stock, truffles and truffle juice. Cook until reduced by 1/3. Remove from heat. Whip in 1/2 of the butter, and add 1 teaspoon extra virgin olive oil. Reserve in a warm place. Fried basil: In a pan heat 2 cups of frying oil to 320 degrees. Fry basil quickly so it is crisp. Remove and reserve. Cooking the onag <END>
INPUT: bread crumbs, spicy salami, smoky scamorza cheese, Parmigiano cheese, egg
OUTPUT: TITLE: Stuffed Squid | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup/250 ml bread crumbs; 2 ounces/75 g spicy salami, cubed; 2 ounces/75 g smoky scamorza cheese, cubed; 1 cup/250 ml freshly grated Parmigiano cheese; 1 whole egg; Large bunch fresh flat-leaf parsley, leaves picked and chopped; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1/4 cup/50 ml extra-virgin olive oil; 3 cups/750 ml white wine; 6 medium squid, cleaned; 2 cloves garlic; 1 chile pepper, thinly sliced; 1 pound/500 g cooked linguine, optional | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: toothpicks For the stuffing: Add the bread crumbs, salami, scamorza cheese, Parmigiano cheese, an egg, 1/2 the parsley, salt, and black pepper to a bowl. Add 1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil and 1/2 cup white wine. With your hands, thoroughly mix all the ingredients. Gently stuff each squid with the mixture. Seal the opening with a toothpick. Continue until all the mixture is consumed. In a large frying pan, heat the extra-virgin olive oil and add the garlic and the remaining parsley. Cook for about 1 minute on medium-high heat. Add the stuffed squid and cook until the me <END>
INPUT: pork, tenderloin, pineapple, Canola oil, Salt pepper, onions, serrano chile
OUTPUT: TITLE: Rum Glazed Pork Tenderloin with Grilled Pineapple Relish | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 small pineapple, peeled, cut into 1/2-inch rounds, cored; Canola oil; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 4 green onions, thinly sliced; 1 serrano chile, finely diced; 3 tablespoons rice vinegar; 1 tablespoon freshly chopped cilantro leaves; Honey, to taste; 4 tablespoons canola oil; 1 small red onion, coarsely chopped; 2 cloves garlic, chopped; 1/4 cup dark brown muscovado sugar; 1 cup dark rum; 4 cups chicken stock; 1 habanero chile, left whole with 3 slits cut into chile | INSTRUCTIONS: For the relish: Heat the grill over high heat. Brush the pineapple with a few tablespoons of oil and season with salt and pepper. Grill until golden brown on all sides. Remove the pineapple from the grill, cut into small dice and transfer to a bowl. Add the onion, chile, vinegar, a few tablespoons of oil, cilantro and honey, to taste. Season with salt and pepper. Let sit at room temperature for at least 30 minutes before serving. For the glaze: Heat 2 tablespoons of the oil in a medium saucepan over high heat. Add the onions and cook until soft. Add the garlic and cook for 30 seconds. Stir in  <END>
INPUT: pork, stock, meaty ham hock, water, beans
OUTPUT: TITLE: Green Beans in Pork Stock | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 meaty ham hock (about 10 ounces); 2 quarts water; 2 pound green beans, trimmed | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring ham hock and water to a boil with 2 1/2 teaspoons salt and 1 teaspoon pepper in a medium pot. Add green beans and cook, uncovered, until very soft, about 1 hour. Transfer ham hock to a cutting board and discard skin, then finely chop meat, discarding bone. Reserve 1 cup cooking liquid. Drain beans, then toss with ham and reserved cooking liquid. Season with salt and pepper. Bring ham hock and water to a boil with 2 1/2 teaspoons salt and 1 teaspoon pepper in a medium pot. Add green beans and cook, uncovered, until very soft, about 1 hour. Transfer ham hock to a cutting board and discard  <END>
INPUT: heavy cream, pesticide free rose, sugar, cream cheese, blackberries
OUTPUT: TITLE: Berries with Geranium Cream | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup heavy cream; 2 tablespoons finely chopped pesticide-free rose-scented geranium (pelargonium) leaves; 1/4 cup sugar; 4 oz cream cheese, softened; 3 cups blackberries (13 oz); 1 1/2 cups blueberries (8 oz) | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat cream, geranium leaves, and sugar in a metal bowl set over a pot of simmering water, stirring until sugar is dissolved and cream is hot but not boiling, about 5 minutes. Remove from heat and cool slightly, then chill until cold, about 45 minutes. Pour cream through a sieve set into a bowl and discard solids. Beat together cream cheese and cream in a bowl with an electric mixer until thickened (cream should not hold peaks), about 2 minutes. Divide blackberries and blueberries among 6 bowls or parfait glasses and top with cream. Heat cream, geranium leaves, and sugar in a metal bowl set ove <END>
INPUT: lebanese, garlic, beef, uncooked rice, garlic powder, allspice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lebanese Stuffed Grape Leaves | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 40 garlic cloves; 1 pound ground beef; 3/4 cup uncooked white rice; 1 teaspoon garlic powder; 2 teaspoons allspice; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/2 teaspoon pepper; 1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1 jar grape leaves, or about 50 fresh grape leaves; 1/4 cup olive oil; 1 pound pork or lamb chops; 1 tomato, sliced; 1/2 cup lemon juice | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large mixing bowl, mix together the ground beef, rice, garlic powder, allspice, salt, pepper, and cinnamon, and set aside. Rinse grape leaves several times. If the leaves are small, leave them intact, but cut out the large center vein. If the leaves are large, cut them in half vertically, cutting out the large vein in the process. Place a small amount of the ground meat mixture at the end of each leaf. Roll up egg-roll style. Pour the oil into the bottom of a large Dutch oven. Lay the chops over the oil. Lay the tomato slices over the chops. Place the stuffed grape leaves seam-side down o <END>
INPUT: American, cheese, unbleached all purpose, fine sea salt, ice water, boiling potato
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cheddar Cheese and Onion Pie | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 3 cups unbleached all-purpose flour; 1 1/2 sticks (3/4 cup) cold unsalted butter, cut into 1/2-inch cubes; 1/2 teaspoon fine sea salt; 8 to 10 tablespoons ice water; 1 medium boiling potato (5 oz); 2 cups finely chopped onion (1 large); 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 3 large eggs; 1/4 cup heavy cream; 1 teaspoon finely chopped fresh thyme or 1/2 cup finely chopped fresh parsley; 1/4 teaspoon fine sea salt; 1/4 teaspoon black pepper; 9 oz good-quality white Cheddar, coarsely grated (2 1/2 cups); Special equipment: a pastry or bench scraper; a 9-inch tart pan or pie plate | INSTRUCTIONS: Make dough: Blend together flour, butter, and salt in a bowl with your fingertips or a pastry blender (or pulse in a food processor) just until most of mixture resembles coarse meal with some small (roughly pea-size) butter lumps. Drizzle evenly with 8 tablespoons (1/2 cup) ice water and gently stir with a fork (or pulse in processor) until incorporated. Squeeze a small handful: If it doesn't hold together, add more ice water, 1 tablespoon at a time, stirring (or pulsing) until incorporated, then test again. (Do not overwork mixture, or pastry will be tough.) Turn out mixture onto a work surfa <END>
INPUT: parsleyed, potatoes, unsalted butter, flat leaf parsley, Salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Parsleyed Steamed Potatoes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 pound small potatoes (about 2 inches in diameter); 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, softened; 3 tablespoons finely chopped fresh flat-leaf parsley; Salt and pepper, to taste | INSTRUCTIONS: Steam potatoes on a steamer rack set over boiling water, covered, until tender, 10 to 15 minutes. Toss with butter, parsley, and salt and pepper to taste.; <END>
INPUT: Asian, watercress, Spicy Peanut Vinaigrette, aged sherry vinegar, soy sauce, ginger, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Radicchio with Endive, Watercress and Spicy Peanut Vinaigrette | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: Spicy Peanut Vinaigrette; 3 tablespoons aged sherry vinegar; 2 tablespoons soy sauce; 1 tablespoon grated fresh ginger; 2 cloves garlic, chopped; 2 tablespoons smooth peanut butter; 1 teaspoon Asian hot chili oil; 2 teaspoons honey; 1 teaspoon toasted sesame oil; 1/2 cup canola oil; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 heads radicchio, cut into quarters; Canola oil; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 heads endive, thinly sliced | INSTRUCTIONS: For the vinaigrette: Put the vinegar, soy sauce, ginger, garlic, peanut butter, chili oil, honey and sesame oil in a blender and blend until smooth. With the motor running, slowly add the canola oil until emulsified. If the vinaigrette is too thick, thin with a little warm water. Season, to taste, with salt and pepper. For the salad: Heat grill to high. Brush the radicchio with oil and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Grill until lightly golden brown. Arrange radicchio, endive and watercress on a platter and drizzle with the peanut vinaigrette. Garnish with peanuts, chives and cilantro. <END>
INPUT: smashed, leek, olive oil, garlic, shallots, coarse salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Smashed Peas with Fresh Mint | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 medium leek (8 ounces), white and light?green parts only; 2 tablespoons olive oil, plus more for brushing; 1 teaspoon minced garlic, or to taste; 6 tablespoons finely chopped shallots; 1/2 teaspoon coarse salt; 1/8 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 2 cups fresh or frozen peas, defrosted if frozen; 2 tablespoons homemade or low sodium canned chicken stock, skimmed of fat; 1/4 cup chopped mint; 1 ficelle or thin baguette | INSTRUCTIONS: Quarter the leek lengthwise and slice crosswise into 1/4-inch-thick pieces. Place leeks in a large bowl of cold water and let stand for 5 to 10 minutes to rid them of dirt and sand. Lift leeks out of water with slotted spoon and drain. In a medium skillet, heat 1 tablespoon olive oil over low heat; add the garlic, shallots, leeks, and salt and pepper. Cook until very soft but not browned, about 15 minutes. Add the peas raising the heat to medium, and cook stirring, until peas are heated through, 3 to 5 minutes. Transfer the pea mixture to a food processor. Add chicken stock and remaining table <END>
INPUT: American, sauce, served, strip steaks, Salt pepper, Vegetable oil, shallot, wine
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sauteed Steak with a Green Peppercorn Sauce served with Red-skinned Mashed Potatoes and sauteed Aspa | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 3 strip steaks, bone-in (or de-bone); Salt and pepper; Vegetable oil, for sauteing; 1 shallot, minced; 1 -ounce red wine; 4 ounces chicken stock; 2 teaspoons green peppercorns, in brine; 1 -ounce heavy cream; 1/2 -ounce butter; Sauteed Asparagus, recipe follows; Red-skinned mashed potatoes, recipe follows; 15 stalks asparagus; 1 1/2 cups sliced mushrooms; 1 1/2 tablespoons butter; Salt and pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Sauteed Steak with a Green Peppercorn Sauce: Season the strip steaks with salt and pepper. Heat oil in a medium saucepan and saute the seasoned steaks until they are cooked to medium-well done, with a small strip of pink on the inside. Remove the strip steaks and set aside. Wipe away the excess oil from the pan. Over medium heat, sweat the minced shallots in the same saute pan until they become translucent. Add the red wine and reduce by 1/2. Add stock to the pan and reduce the mixture again by 1/2. Slowly add the green peppercorns and season lightly with salt and pepper. Continuously stir the <END>
INPUT: Italian, sauce, Kosher salt, linguine, virgin olive oil, garlic, anchovy fillets
OUTPUT: TITLE: Linguine with Red Clam Sauce | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: Kosher salt; 12 ounces linguine; 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 3 cloves garlic, thinly sliced; 2 anchovy fillets; 1/2 teaspoon red pepper flakes; 1/2 teaspoon dried oregano; 1/2 cup dry white wine; 1 28-ounce can whole San Marzano tomatoes, crushed by hand; 1 1/4 pounds littleneck clams (about 16), scrubbed; 12 ounces chopped clams (drained if canned); 1/2 cup chopped fresh parsley | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add the pasta and cook as the label directs; drain and set aside. Meanwhile, heat 2 tablespoons olive oil in a large deep skillet over medium-high heat. Add the garlic, anchovies, red pepper flakes, oregano and 1/4 teaspoon salt and cook, stirring occasionally, until the garlic is lightly golden, about 1 minute. Add the wine and cook until reduced by half, about 3 minutes. Add the tomatoes and cook, stirring occasionally, until the sauce thickens slightly, 5 to 7 minutes. Add the whole clams; cover and cook until they just begin to open, about 3 min <END>
INPUT: American, soup, Kosher salt, elbow macaroni, plum tomatoes, baguette
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mac and Cheese Soup | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: Kosher salt; 4 ounces elbow macaroni (1 cup); Cooking spray; 2 plum tomatoes, sliced 1/2 inch thick; 4 1/2-inch-thick slices baguette; Freshly ground pepper; 3 shallots; 1 carrot, cut into 1-inch pieces; 1 stalk celery, cut into 1-inch pieces; 1/4 cup all-purpose flour; 3 3/4 cups fat-free low-sodium chicken broth; 1 1/4 cups 2% milk; 6 ounces shredded cheddar cheese (about 1 1/2 cups); 1/4 cup grated parmesan cheese | INSTRUCTIONS: Position a rack in the upper third of the oven and preheat to 450 degrees F. Bring a medium saucepan of salted water to a boil. Add the macaroni and cook as the label directs; drain. Mist a baking sheet with cooking spray and arrange the tomato and baguette slices on it in a single layer; season with salt and pepper. Bake until the bread is golden brown, about 7 minutes. Mince the shallots, carrot and celery in a food processor. Mist a saucepan with cooking spray. Add the vegetables and cook over medium-high heat until softened, 4 to 5 minutes. Add the flour and cook, stirring, 2 minutes. Grad <END>
INPUT: American, crust, chicken breast halves, Salt pepper, honey mustard, soft goat cheese
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Chicken with Goat Cheese-Macadamia Nut Crust and Parsley-Pimento Couscous | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: Nonstick cooking spray; 8 boneless skinless chicken breast halves, about 5 ounces each; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1/4 cup honey mustard; 6 ounces soft goat cheese; 1 cup macadamia nuts; 1 cup couscous; 1/4 cup diced pimentos; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. Coat a shallow roasting pan with nonstick cooking spray. Season chicken all over with salt and black pepper and place in prepared pan. Brush mustard all over tops of chicken. Then spread with goat cheese. Place macadamia nuts in a plastic bag and smash with the flat side of a meat mallet or bottom of a heavy skillet until finely crushed. Sprinkle nuts over goat cheese. Cover pan with foil and bake for 20 minutes. Uncover and bake 5 to 10 more minutes, until cheese is golden brown and chicken is cooked through. While chicken is baking, cook couscous according to p <END>
INPUT: Indian, two, sea salt pepper, olive oil, olives
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roast Illabo Lamb with Tomato, Olives and Aïoli | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: two 1 kg (2-pound) Illabo or other milk-fed lamb legs; sea salt and freshly ground pepper; olive oil; 1 kg (2 lbs) pink-eye (or baby red-skinned) potatoes, boiled in their skins in salted water for 20 minutes, peeled and quartered; 18 large green olives; 18 large black olives; 15 vine-ripened tomatoes, cored; 1 Spanish onion, peeled and finely diced; 10 cloves garlic, crushed; 2 large knobs ginger, peeled and chopped; 400 ml (1 2/3 cups) olive oil; 1 tablespoon fennel seeds, roasted and ground; 1 tablespoon coriander seeds, roasted and ground; 1 teaspoon cumin, roasted and ground; 6 tablespoons palm sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 180°C (350°F). To make the Tomato Jam, place the tomatoes on a baking sheet in the preheated oven for 20 to 30 minutes. Put the tomatoes through a food mill. In a food processor or bar mix (blender) purée the onion, garlic and ginger with 100 ml (1/2 cup) of the olive oil. Add the ground fennel, coriander and cumin to the onion mix. Place a heavy-based pot on the stove and pour in the remaining olive oil. Add the paste, and cook for 30 minutes over low heat or until the paste caramelises. Put in the palm sugar and allow to caramelise. Add the fish sauce and reduce slightly. <END>
INPUT: salad, semi pearled farro, Kosher salt, garlic, olive oil, lemon juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pea and Little Gem Salad with Farro and Pecorino | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup semi-pearled farro; Kosher salt; 1 garlic clove, finely grated; 1/4 cup olive oil; 3 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; Freshly ground black pepper; 6 ounces sugar snap peas, trimmed, thinly sliced (about 2 cups); 8 cups Little Gem or other small lettuce leaves, torn if large; 2 cups halved pea shoots (tendrils); Shaved Pecorino Romano (for serving) | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook farro in a pot of boiling salted water until al dente, 25–35 minutes. Drain and spread out on a baking sheet; let cool. Whisk garlic, oil, and lemon juice in a large bowl to combine; season dressing with salt and pepper. Add farro, peas, and lettuce to bowl, season with salt and pepper, and toss to coat. Add pea shoots and toss just until coated. Serve topped with Pecorino. Cook farro in a pot of boiling salted water until al dente, 25–35 minutes. Drain and spread out on a baking sheet; let cool. Whisk garlic, oil, and lemon juice in a large bowl to combine; season dressing with salt and  <END>
INPUT: forno, Pizza Margherita, calamari, all purpose flour, Hot Pepper Infused, scallions
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pizza with Fried Calamari (from Al Forno) | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Pizza Margherita, recipe follows; 5 ounces calamari, tubes and tenticles cleaned; 1 cup all-purpose flour; Hot Pepper Infused olive oil, recipe follows; Sliced scallions; 6 ounces Pizza Dough, recipe follows; 1/4 cup virgin olive oil, for brushing and drizzling; 1/2 teaspoon minced fresh garlic; 1/2 cup loosely packed shredded fontina; 2 tablespoons freshly grated Pecorino Romano; 6 tablespoons chopped canned tomatoes, in heavy puree; 8 basil leaves; 1 tablespoon active dry yeast; 6 cups high-gluten flour; 2 1/2 teaspoons kosher salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Cut the tubes into rings. Lightly coat the squid with flour and fry 360 degree F oil until golden brown. We make this pizza the same way as the margarita except that the spicy oil is drizzled on instead of just olive oil and then the calamari is placed on top, and garnished with scallions. Prepare a hot charcoal fire, setting the grill rack 3 to 4 inches above the coals. On a large, oiled, inverted baking sheet, spread and flatten the pizza dough with your hands into a 10 to 12-inch free-form circle, 1/8-inch thick. Do not make a lip. You may end up with a rectangle rather than a circle; the s <END>
INPUT: pearl onions, butter, sugar, Balsamic vinegar, Salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Caramelized Onions | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 48 pearl white onions; 2 tablespoons butter; 2 teaspoons sugar; Balsamic vinegar; Salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Remove a small slice from both stem and root end of each pearl onion and peel them. An alternate way is to parboil them for 2 minutes, drain and plunge into ice water to stop the cooking process. Pop the skins off by pressing the onion at its root end. Set the onions in a saucepan wide enough to accommodate them in one layer and barely cover them with water. Boil over high heat for 10 minutes until partially cooked. Add the butter and sugar and continue to boil until the water has evaporated and the onions begin to sizzle. Reduce the heat to medium low and shake the saucepan and turn the onion <END>
INPUT: gratin, heavy cream, garlic, thyme thyme leaves, leeks
OUTPUT: TITLE: Potato & Celery Root Gratin with Leeks | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 cups heavy cream; 2 garlic cloves, peeled; 1 sprig thyme plus 3 teaspoons fresh thyme leaves, divided; 2 tablespoons (1/4 stick) unsalted butter, divided; 3 leeks, white and pale-green parts only, halved lengthwise, thinly sliced crosswise; Kosher salt; 2 pounds russet potatoes, peeled, very thinly sliced crosswise (1/8" thick); 1 pound celery root, peeled, very thinly sliced crosswise (1/8" thick); 2 cups grated Gruyère; Freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350°F. Heat cream, garlic, and thyme sprig in a medium saucepan just until bubbles begin to form around edge of pan. Remove from heat; set aside to steep. Melt 1 tablespoon butter in a medium skillet over medium heat. Add leeks; season with salt and cook, stirring often, until tender (do not brown), 10-12 minutes. Transfer to a small bowl and set aside. Butter a 3-quart gratin dish with remaining 1 tablespoon butter. Layer 1/3 of potato slices and 1/3 of celery root slices evenly over bottom of baking dish. Cover with 1/3 of leeks, then 1/3 of Gruyère. Sprinkle with salt, peppe <END>
INPUT: Italian, lasagna, virgin olive oil, onion, pepper flakes, turkey
OUTPUT: TITLE: Zucchini Lasagna | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 2 1/2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1 small onion, finely chopped; 1/2 teaspoon red pepper flakes; 1 pound ground turkey; 1 (28-ounce) can diced tomatoes; 3 tablespoons chopped fresh oregano; 2 teaspoons salt; 2 medium zucchini; 1 cup part-skim ricotta cheese; 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 1/2 cup freshly grated Parmesan cheese (2 ounces) | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. Preheat the oven to 375°F. 2. In a large straight-sided skillet set over medium heat, heat 2 tablespoons of the oil. Add the onion and red pepper flakes and cook, stirring occasionally, until the onion is tender, about 8 minutes. Add the turkey and cook, breaking up any large pieces with the back of a spoon, until brown throughout, 3 to 4 minutes. Add the tomatoes and bring the mixture to a boil. Reduce the heat to medium and simmer until it thickens, about 20 minutes. Stir in the oregano and salt. Let cool. 3. Slice the zucchini lengthwise into thin strips (about 1/8 inch thick). Put 5 or  <END>
INPUT: Italian, garlic, olive oil, Vidalia onions, portobello mushroom caps, crimini mushrooms
OUTPUT: TITLE: Portobello Mushrooms Stuffed with Chicken | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 medium head garlic; 3 tablespoons olive oil; 2 large Vidalia onions; 6 large portobello mushroom caps, stems removed (save stems); 1/2 pound crimini mushrooms; 1 1/2 pounds boneless, skinless chicken breasts cut into 1/4-strips; 1 tablespoons all-purpose flour; 1 teaspoon salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 teaspoon red pepper flakes to taste (optional); 1/2 cup dry white wine; 1 tablespoon butter; 1 teaspoon fresh herbs, shredded (such as basil and Italian parsley) to taste; 2 each, whole green, yellow, and red bell peppers; stems and seeds removed, cut in strips; 1/4 cup shredded, aged Parmesan cheese; Thinly sliced chunks of very dry, aged Parmesan cheese, for top and presentation | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat barbecue grill until very hot. Prepare garlic for roasting be removing outer, papery layer. Slice off top of garlic so that cloves are exposed. Drizzle with 1/2 teaspoon of olive oil, wrap tightly in double thick square of foil and place directly on rack of hot grill. Repeat this same procedure with onions (warp individually). Rub portobello caps, stems, criminis with olive oil, salt and pepper, add to grill with onions and garlic. Remove portobello caps, stems, and criminis from grille after lightly browned (do not overcook, approximately 3 to 5 minutes on each side). Cut portobello stem <END>
INPUT: snapper fillets skin, Salt, garlic, fish sauce, lime juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Red Snapper With Sambal | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 red snapper fillets with skin cut into a 1/2" crosshatch pattern; Salt; 1 finely grated garlic clove; 2 tablespoons fish sauce; 2 tablespoons fresh lime juice; 1 tablespoon hot chili paste (such as sambal oelek); 1 tablespoon light brown sugar; Olive oil; Lime wedges for serving | INSTRUCTIONS: Score the skin of 4 red snapper fillets in 1/2" crosshatch pattern; season both sides with salt. Place on a rimmed baking sheet. Combine 1 finely grated garlic clove, 2 tablespoons fish sauce, 2 tablespoons fresh lime juice, 1 tablespoon hot chili paste (such as sambal oelek), and 1 tablespoon light brown sugar in a small bowl; spoon over snapper, making sure marinade penetrates score marks. Heat broiler. Drizzle snapper with olive oil and broil until charred in spots and cooked through, about 5 minutes. Serve with lime wedges for squeezing over. Score the skin of 4 red snapper fillets in 1/2" <END>
INPUT: alfred, ragout, Coarse salt pepper, potatoes, Brussels sprouts, carrot, heavy cream
OUTPUT: TITLE: Alfred's Diver Scallops with Vegetable Ragout and Osetra Caviar | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Coarse salt and freshly ground white pepper; 6 small potatoes, unpeeled; 4 ounces Brussels sprouts; 1 medium carrot, peeled and diced; 1/4 cup heavy cream; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, cut in pieces; 2 tablespoons vegetable oil; 12 large (about 1 pound) sea scallops, preferably diver-harvested, small muscle flaps removed and reserved; Scallop-Butter Sauce, recipe follows; 2 tablespoons chopped chives; 2 ounces osetra caviar; Muscle flaps from 12 diver-harvested sea scallops or 1 large sea scallop, coarsely chopped; 1/4 cup water; 1/4 cup dry white wine; 1/2 cup heavy cream | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring a stockpot of lightly salted water to a boil over high heat. Add the potatoes, and cook until tender, 15 to 20 minutes. Drain potatoes. Cut potatoes into 1/3-inch-thick rounds, and transfer to a bowl. Set aside. Bring a stockpot of lightly salted water to a boil over high heat, and prepare an ice bath. Trim bottoms from Brussels sprouts. Peel away the inner leaves, one by one. Add carrots to boiling water, and cook until tender, about 4 minutes. Using a slotted spoon, transfer carrots to bowl with the potatoes. Add the leaves of the Brussels sprouts to the boiling water, and cook until j <END>
INPUT: American, charred, virgin olive oil, Worcestershire sauce, pinches pepper flakes, onions, scallions
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Chicken with Charred Lemon and Heirloom Tomatoes | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/4 cups extra-virgin olive oil, plus more for brushing; 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce; 1 to 2 pinches crushed red pepper flakes; 2 medium onions, sliced into 1/2-inch-thick rounds; 2 bunches scallions, roots trimmed; 1 lemon, sliced; 2 whole chickens, 2 1/2 to 3 pounds each, cut into 8 pieces; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1/2 cup chopped fresh parsley; 1 tablespoon red wine vinegar; 2 to 3 anchovies, well rinsed, finely chopped, optional; 4 to 6 slices ciabatta bread; 6 to 8 medium very ripe heirloom tomatoes or juicy beefsteak tomatoes, cut into wedges | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine 1 cup of the olive oil, the Worcestershire, red pepper flakes, onions, scallions and lemons in a large bowl or large zip-top bag. Add the chicken pieces and toss to coat. Marinate in the refrigerator for at least a few hours. Prepare the coals on an outdoor grill to medium hot or heat a gas grill. If using coals, bank them to one side of the grill so that one side is hot and the other less so. Remove the chicken and vegetables from the marinade and transfer to 2 baking sheets. Discard the marinade. Sprinkle the chicken pieces well with salt and pepper and then place the chicken, onions <END>
INPUT: burgers, kale, no salt added, pepper Jack cheese, roasted unsalted peanuts, stone cornmeal
OUTPUT: TITLE: Bean-Kale Burgers with Sweet Potato Wedges | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup frozen kale, thawed and squeezed dry; One 15-ounce can no-salt-added pinto beans, drained and rinsed; 1/3 cup finely diced pepper Jack cheese; 1/4 cup dry roasted unsalted peanuts, finely chopped; 5 tablespoons stone-ground cornmeal; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 large egg white; 2 large sweet potatoes, cut into 1/2-inch-thick wedges (about 1 1/4 pounds); 2 1/2 tablespoons vegetable oil; 1 1/2 teaspoons curry powder; 2 tablespoons lowfat mayonnaise; 4 whole wheat English muffins, split and toasted; Lettuce leaves, for serving, optional; Tomato slices, for serving, optional; Sliced red onions, for serving, optional | INSTRUCTIONS: Place a baking sheet on the bottom rack of the oven and preheat to 425 degrees F. Combine the kale and beans in a medium bowl and mash until the beans almost form a paste. Add the cheese, peanuts, 2 tablespoons of the cornmeal, 1/2 teaspoon salt, some pepper and the egg white. Form into four patties about 1/2-inch thick. Refrigerate for at least 20 minutes. (Can be made ahead and refrigerated overnight.) Toss the sweet potatoes with 1 tablespoon of the oil and the curry powder. Arrange in a single layer on the preheated baking sheet and bake until soft and golden in some spots, tossing about h <END>
INPUT: vinaigrette, an assortment steamed, mushrooms, roasted peppers, Dijon mustard taste, parboiled garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Red Pepper Vinaigrette for Roasted Vegetables | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 cups an assortment of steamed vegetables: (each cut into different shapes, either sliced, diced or cut into strips) yellow squash, zucchini, broccol; 1/2 cup raw mushrooms, sliced; 1/2 cup roasted red peppers (fresh or from jar); Dijon mustard to taste; 2 parboiled cloves of garlic; 1/4 cup white wine vinegar; 1/4 cup extra virgin olive oil; 1/4 hazelnut oil; 1/4 cup vegetable oil; Salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: For a Monday to Friday meal you can steam just one variety of vegetable and serve it before the soft-shell crabs. For a more elegant meal steam different vegetables (for their different colors) just until they are al dente; pat dry and set aside. To make the vinaigrette: In a blender or food processor, puree the red peppers, mustard, garlic, vinegar, olive, hazelnut and vegetable oils. Season to taste with salt and pepper. To serve, ladle some pepper vinaigrette on a plate; pose vegetables (or vegetables) in an attractive pattern over the top. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, peruvian, soup, pork butt, Kosher salt pepper, quinoa, yams, olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Peruvian Pork and Quinoa Soup | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: One 3-pound pork butt; Kosher salt and black pepper; 1 1/4 cups cups quinoa, rinsed well; 2 large yams, peeled and diced; 1/3 cup olive oil, plus more for roasting; 1 cup finely diced carrot; 1 cup finely diced onion; 2 tablespoons minced garlic; 2 teaspoons coriander seeds, toasted and ground; 1 teaspoon turmeric; 3 quarts vegetable, chicken or pork stock (preferably homemade); White pepper; 2 tablespoons lime juice; Fresh cilantro leaves, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Season the pork butt generously with salt and pepper. Place the pork in a roasting pan, cover with foil and roast until tender, at least 4 hours. Dice the pork and reserve 4 cups. Set aside the remaining pork for another use. Increase the oven temperature to 375 degrees F. Add the quinoa and 2 1/2 cups water to a medium saucepan and bring to a boil. Lower to a simmer, cover and cook until tender, about 15 minutes. Toss the yams in some of the oil and season with salt and pepper. Roast the yams in the oven until fork-tender, about 25 minutes. Reserve 2 cups an <END>
INPUT: mashed, acorn squash, lowfat sour cream, cumin, garlic powder, Salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mashed Acorn Squash with Sunflower Seeds | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 acorn squash, cut in 1/2 and seeded; 1/3 cup lowfat sour cream or more as needed; 1 teaspoon ground cumin; 1/2 teaspoon garlic powder; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1/4 cup shelled dry-roasted sunflower seeds | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Place the acorn squash halves in a microwave-safe dish and cover with plastic wrap. Microwave on HIGH until the flesh is tender, 5 to 7 minutes. Using a spoon or ice cream scoop, remove the flesh from the squash and transfer to a large bowl. Add the sour cream, cumin, and garlic powder and mash together with a fork until blended and smooth, adding more sour cream, as necessary, to create a nice consistency. Season with salt and pepper. Spoon the squash onto plates and top with sunflower seeds just before serving. <END>
INPUT: American, mini, tarts, refrigerated pie crust, diameter zucchini, salt, virgin olive oil, lemon thyme regular
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mini Zucchini and Goat Cheese Tarts | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 refrigerated pie crust (half of 15-ounce package); 2 1/2 pounds 1-inch-diameter zucchini, cut into 1/16- to 1/8-inch-thick rounds; 1 teaspoon salt; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil plus additional for drizzling; 2 teaspoons chopped fresh lemon thyme or regular thyme; 3 ounces soft fresh goat cheese, room temperature; 1/4 cup freshly grated Parmesan cheese | INSTRUCTIONS: Line rimmed baking sheet with parchment paper. Place pie crust on floured work surface. Using 1 1/2- to 1 3/4-inch cookie cutter or biscuit cutter dipped in flour, cut out 24 rounds; transfer to prepared sheet, spacing 1/2 inch apart. Place in freezer until dough is firm, about 30 minutes. DO AHEAD: Can be made 1 day ahead. Cover; keep frozen. Toss zucchini with 1 teaspoon salt in medium bowl. Let stand 15 minutes. Drain and pat dry. Place zucchini in another medium bowl; toss with 2 tablespoons olive oil and thyme. Sprinkle zucchini with pepper. Preheat oven to 400°F. Spread goat cheese gener <END>
INPUT: spiced, bowl, plain grain sorghum, apple, virgin coconut oil, sugar, cinnamon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spiced Apple Yogurt Sorghum Bowl | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 cup cooked plain whole-grain sorghum; 1 apple; 1 teaspoon virgin coconut oil; 1 teaspoon brown sugar; 1/4 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1/8 teaspoon ground ginger; Pinch salt; 1/2 cup plain Greek yogurt | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat the sorghum in a microwave-safe bowl for 1 1/2 minutes. Meanwhile, heat a skillet over medium-high heat and slice the apple (with skin) thinly. Add the coconut oil to the skillet along with the apple slices and cook, stirring, 2 minutes. Sprinkle the brown sugar, cinnamon, ginger and salt over the apples. Stir well, and cook, stirring, for another 2 minutes. Remove from the heat, then top the sorghum with the yogurt and cinnamon-ginger apple slices. Eat warm. <END>
INPUT: Asian, mussels, limes, unsweetened coconut milk, wine, Thai curry paste
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spicy Thai Steamed Mussels | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 5 pounds mussels (preferably cultivated); 3 limes; a 13 1/2-ounce can unsweetened coconut milk; 1/3 cup dry white wine; 1 1/2 tablespoons Thai red curry paste; 1 1/2 tablespoons minced garlic; 1 tablespoon Asian fish sauce; 1 tablespoon sugar; 2 cups fresh cilantro sprigs; Accompaniment: lime wedges | INSTRUCTIONS: Scrub mussels well and remove beards. Squeeze enough juice from limes to measure 1/3 cup. In an 8-quart kettle boil lime juice, coconut milk, wine, curry paste, garlic, fish sauce, and sugar over high heat, stirring, 2 minutes. Add mussels, tossing to combine. Cook mussels, covered, stirring occasionally, until opened, about 5 to 8 minutes. (Discard any unopened mussels.) Chop cilantro and toss with mussels. Scrub mussels well and remove beards. Squeeze enough juice from limes to measure 1/3 cup. In an 8-quart kettle boil lime juice, coconut milk, wine, curry paste, garlic, fish sauce, and sug <END>
INPUT: pancakes, buttermilk, eggs, all purpose flour, wheat flour
OUTPUT: TITLE: Blueberry Whole-Wheat Pancakes with Blueberry Syrup | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups buttermilk; 3 large eggs; 6 tablespoons (3/4 stick) unsalted butter, melted and cooled, plus additional melted butter for brushing the griddle; 3/4 cup all-purpose flour; 1/2 cup whole-wheat flour; 1/4 cup wheat germ; 1 teaspoon salt; 2 teaspoons double-acting baking powder; 1 1/2 teaspoons baking soda; 3 tablespoons sugar; 2 cups blueberries, picked over; Blueberry Syrup, recipe follows; 6 cups blueberries, picked over; 3 cups sugar; 1/2 lemon, zest removed in strips with a vegetable peeler | INSTRUCTIONS: In a bowl whisk together the buttermilk, the eggs, and 6 tablespoons of the butter. In a large bowl whisk together the flours, the wheat germ, the salt, the baking powder, the baking soda, and the sugar, add the buttermilk mixture, and whisk the batter until it is just combined. Heat a griddle over moderately high heat until it is hot enough to make drops of water scatter over its surface and brush it with some of the additional melted butter. Working in batches, pour the batter onto the griddle by 1/3-cup measures, sprinkle each pancake with about 2 tablespoons of the blueberries, and cook th <END>
INPUT: American, shrimp, louisiana, cream, Worcestershire sauce, hot sauce, kosher salt, grits
OUTPUT: TITLE: Shrimp and Grits with Louisiana BBQ Sauce | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 1/2 cups cream; 1/4 cup Worcestershire sauce; 2 to 3 tablespoons hot sauce; 2 teaspoons kosher salt; 1 1/2 cups grits, such as Logan Turnpike stone-ground grits; 1/4 cup onion powder; 2 teaspoons garlic powder; 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 1 stick butter; 8 ounces butter; 1 cup vegetable oil; 2 tablespoons smoked paprika; 1 tablespoon dried rosemary; 1 teaspoon dried oregano; 1 teaspoon kosher salt | INSTRUCTIONS: For the grits: Combine 4 cups water, the cream, Worcestershire sauce, hot sauce and salt, and bring to a boil. In a medium bowl combine the grits, onion powder, garlic powder and pepper. Add the dry ingredients to the boiling liquid, whisking vigorously. Lower the heat to a simmer and cook for 45 minutes. Whisk regularly, every 3 to 5 minutes, so the grits do not stick and burn. Remove from the heat and add the butter, whisking until it's completely incorporated into the grits. For the BBQ sauce: Combine the oil and butter and melt over medium heat. Add the paprika, rosemary, oregano, salt, bl <END>
INPUT: Mexican, salsa, verde, skirt steak, garlic, shallot, salt anchovy, salt capers
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Skirt Steak with Salsa Verde and Fresh Chick Pea Salad | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 whole skirt steak, fat trimmed; 1 clove garlic, minced; 1/2 shallot, minced; 1 salt-packed anchovy, rinsed, boned and minced; 2 tablespoons salt-packed capers, rinsed; Pinch red chili flakes; 1/2 Fresno chile, seeded and minced; 1 lemon, zested and juiced, juice reserved; 1/2 cup chiffonade fresh mint leaves; 1/2 cup fresh flat-leaf parsley, chiffonade; 1/2 cup extra-virgin olive oil, plus more for drizzling; Freshly cracked black pepper; Kosher salt; Salt; 3 cups fresh chickpeas, shelled | INSTRUCTIONS: Remove the skirt steak from the refrigerator and allow it to come to room temperature. For the salsa verde: To a medium bowl, add the garlic, shallot, anchovy, capers, red chili flakes, chile, lemon zest (saved juice for later), mint and parsley. Save the lemon juice just until serving - this will help prevent the herbs from turning a dark unappealing color. Add the extra-virgin olive oil and freshly cracked black pepper, to taste. Set aside. Do not salt now. Allow the flavors to meld and come together. Preheat the grill over high heat. Season the skirt steak with kosher salt and freshly crack <END>
INPUT: vegetable oil, onion, juniper berries, cabbage
OUTPUT: TITLE: Red Onion Sauerkraut | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons vegetable oil; 5 1/2 cups thinly sliced red onion (about 1 pound); 3 whole cloves; 5 juniper berries*; 4 cups thinly sliced red cabbage (about 1/4 medium head); a 1-pound package sauerkraut, drained; 3 tablespoons firmly packed dark brown sugar; 1/2 cup dry red wine; 1/4 cup red-wine vinegar; 1 bay leaf; *available in spice section of supermarkets | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large heavy skillet (measuring about 12 inches across and 2 1/2 inches deep) heat oil over moderately high heat until hot but not smoking and sauté onion with cloves and juniper berries, stirring, until browned, about 10 minutes. Add cabbage, sauerkraut, sugar, wine, vinegar, and bay leaf and simmer stirring occasionally and adding water if mixture becomes dry, until cabbage is tender, about 30 minutes. Sauerkraut may be made 2 days ahead and chilled, covered. Discard bay leaf and serve sauerkraut at room temperature. In a large heavy skillet (measuring about 12 inches across and 2 1/2 in <END>
INPUT: angels, devils, raspberries, sugar, basil, lime juice, rum
OUTPUT: TITLE: Angels' and Devils' Food Cake | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups raspberries; 2 tablespoons sugar; 1 teaspoon finely minced fresh basil; 1 teaspoon lime juice; 1/4 cup rum; 1 1/2 cups sugar; 8 egg whites; 1 store-bought angel food cake | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Special equipment: a candy thermometer and a kitchen blowtorch For the raspberry sauce: Combine the raspberries and sugar in a small saucepan. Bring to a simmer over medium heat and cook for 15 minutes. Add the basil and lime juice and allow the sauce to cool in the fridge. For the meringue: Combine 1/2 cup water and the rum in a medium saucepan over high heat and bring to a simmer. Slowly stir in 1 cup of the sugar to combine, and use a pastry brush dipped in water to remove any sugar crystals from the side of the pot. Insert a candy thermometer into the mixture <END>
INPUT: American, lattice, cherry pie filling, mixed berries, Kirsch, ready made pie, Flour
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cherry Pie with Lattice Top | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 can cherry pie filling; 12 ounces frozen mixed berries, drained; 1 tablespoon Kirsch (cherry liqueur); 1 box ready made pie crust; Flour, for dusting; 1 egg, lightly beaten; 1 tablespoon sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F. In a large bowl, combine cherry pie filling, mixed berries and kirsch. Set aside. Gently unfold bottom crust onto floured pie dish. Pour berry filling into unbaked crust. Using a pie pan as a guide, cut a circle for the top crust from a sheet of pie crust. Use a lattice cutter to create a pattern, and generously flour each piece so that pieces of lattice do not stick. Top pie with lattice strips and flute the edge of the pie with a fork. Brush top crust with beaten egg and sprinkle lightly with sugar. Bake for 40 minutes, or until bubbling appears in the middle o <END>
INPUT: stew, Spanish onions, garlic, virgin olive oil, Portuguese chourico, pepper vinegar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Portuguese Stew | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 large Spanish onions, chopped; 1 head garlic, divided into cloves, peeled, and chopped; 5 to 6 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 2 pounds Portuguese chourico (linguica is the milder sausage for the faint of heart.); 6 tablespoons crushed red pepper in vinegar; 4 cups of water; 2 (16-ounce) cans crushed tomatoes or vegetable tomato juice; 1/4 cup ketchup; 1 teaspoon Portuguese allspice, optional; 1/4 cup chopped parsley; 3 to 5 red bliss potatoes; 1 bunch garden green beans or pea pods; 1/4 to 1/2 cup of any wine or vermouth; 3 to 5 lobster tails; 1 pound Cherrystone clams | INSTRUCTIONS: You will need two large saucepots. In one pot saute one onion and half the garlic in 2 to 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil until transparent. Cut Portuguese chourico into desired pieces, and add 1 pound to the onion mixture. Add 3 tablespoons crushed red pepper in vinegar. Do the same exact thing in the other large saucepot. To one pot, add 4 cups water, 1 can of tomatoes, ketchup, Portuguese allspice, if using, and chopped parsley. Let simmer for about 10 minutes. Add potatoes, skins on, cut in desired pieces. When potatoes are almost cooked, add fresh green beans or pea pods. Do not over <END>
INPUT: Italian, EVOO, guanciale bacon, onion, garlic, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Bacon and Artichoke Pasta | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: About 3 tablespoons EVOO; 1/4 pound guanciale or bacon, chopped; 1 small onion, finely chopped; 4 cloves garlic, chopped or thinly sliced; Black pepper; 1/2 cup dry white wine; 1 cup chicken stock/poaching liquid from Poached Chicken, recipe follows; 10 to 12 artichoke hearts, drained, from two 6-ounce pouches, one 10-ounce box of frozen and defrosted, or one 14-ounce can; Pici, bucatini or penne pasta; Salt; A fat handful of flat-leaf parsley, finely chopped; 1/2 to 2/3 cup freshly grated caciocavallo or Pecorino cheese; One 4-to 5-pound chicken; 2 ribs celery, coarsely chopped; 1 carrot, peeled and coarsely chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Heat a large skillet over medium high heat and add the EVOO, 3 turns of the pan. Add the guanciale or bacon and cook until crisp. Add the onion, garlic and a little pepper and stir for 4 to 5 minutes. Add the wine and stir. Add the stock and artichokes and heat through. Cool and store for a make-ahead meal. Reheat over medium heat. To serve, bring water to boil for the pasta. Salt the water and cook the pasta to al dente, reserving 1 cup of the starchy water just before draining. Add the pasta to the artichoke mixture. Sprinkle with the parsley and half the chees <END>
INPUT: American, breakfast, cakes, cream cheese, vanilla extract, egg whites, sugar, cake flour
OUTPUT: TITLE: Banana-Cream Cheese Breakfast Cakes | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 8 ounces cream cheese, at room temperature; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; 2 large egg whites, at room temperature; 1/2 cup sugar; 1 1/2 cups plus 3 tablespoons cake flour; 1 1/2 teaspoons baking soda; 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt; 1 stick plus 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature; 1 cup plus 6 tablespoons sugar; 2 teaspoons vanilla extract; 3 large eggs, at room temperature; 3 very ripe bananas, mashed | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Make the filling: Beat the cream cheese and vanilla in a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment on medium speed until smooth; transfer to a bowl. Clean out the mixer. Add the egg whites to the mixer and beat with the whisk attachment on medium-high speed until frothy, about 1 minute. Gradually beat in the sugar, then increase the mixer speed to high and beat until shiny, stiff peaks form, about 3 minutes. Add half of the cream cheese mixture and beat until just combined. Add the remaining cream cheese mixture and beat until smooth. Transfer the filling <END>
INPUT: American, chicken, dozen shucked oysters, butter, celery, flour
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken and Oyster Pie | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 3 pounds cooked chicken, cut into 1-inch cubes; 1 dozen freshly shucked oysters, liquor reserved; 3/4 cup butter; 1 cup chopped celery; 6 tablespoons flour; 1 cup chicken broth; 1 cup cream; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1/2 teaspoon nutmeg; 1/2 lemon, juiced; 1/2 teaspoon lemon zest; 2 pre made pie doughs | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. Place chicken and oysters in casserole dish. In a saute pan, add butter and melt. Add celery and saute for 2 minutes. Stir in flour. Add broth, reserved oyster liquor, and cream, and stir until thickened. Add salt, pepper, nutmeg, lemon juice, and zest. Roll out pie dough so it is slightly larger than the casserole dish. Pour sauce over chicken and cover with pie dough. Bake for 40 minutes. <END>
INPUT: Italian, salad, salami, tomatoes, basil leaves, mozzarella, Salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Salami Salad with Tomatoes and Mozzarella | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound salami, cut into 1/4-inch pieces; 6 tomatoes, diced; 1/2 cup fresh basil leaves; 1/2 pound mozzarella, cut into 1/2-inch pieces; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; Olive oil, for drizzling; Vinegar, for drizzling | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large bowl, combine salami, tomatoes, basil, and mozzarella. Season, to taste, with salt and pepper. Drizzle with olive oil and vinegar and toss well. <END>
INPUT: Indian, spiced, rubbed, Hungarian paprika, light sugar, cumin, cinnamon, coriander
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spiced Rubbed Leg of Lamb with Apricot Chutney and Chickpea, Tomato, Spinach Salad | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup Hungarian paprika; 2 tablespoons light brown sugar; 1 tablespoon ground cumin; 1 tablespoon ground cinnamon; 2 teaspoons ground coriander; 4 cloves garlic, smashed to a paste; 1 teaspoon kosher salt; 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 1 boneless leg of lamb (7 pounds); Spice rub; 1/4 cup olive oil; Salt and freshly ground pepper; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1 large yellow onion, finely sliced; 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat olive oil in a medium pan on the grill over high heat. Add onions and cook until lightly golden brown. Add the garlic and cook for 1 minute. Add the spices, ginger and chile and cook for 1 minute. Add the spinach and cook until just wilted. Place the chickpeas in a large bowl. Add the onion/spinach mixture and mix until combined. Add the tomatoes, olive oil, parsley and season with salt and pepper to taste. Yield: 8 servings Mix all ingredients together in a small bowl. Rub lamb completely with spice rub. On a hot grill sear lamb on all sides for 4 to 5 minutes. Put lamb on rotisserie and <END>
INPUT: Mexican, Vegetable corn oil, corn cob cobs, bell pepper, chicken breast tenders, poultry seasoning
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tortilla Soup | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: Vegetable or corn oil, for drizzling, plus 2 tablespoons -- 2 turns of the pot in a slow stream; 3 ears corn on the cob or 2 ears fresh-frozen cobs, defrosted; 1 red bell pepper, split and seeded; 1 pound chicken breast tenders; 1 teaspoon poultry seasoning, 1/3 palm full; 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 1/3 palm full; Salt and pepper; 1 small to medium zucchini, small dice; 1 medium yellow skinned onion, chopped; 3 cloves garlic, chopped; 1 to 2 chipotle peppers in adobo sauce (medium to hot heat level), chopped -- available in small cans in Mexican and Spanish food section of market; 1 (28-ounce) can stewed tomatoes; 1 (8-ounce) can tomato sauce; 3 cups chicken stock, available in re-sealable paper containers on soup aisle; 4 cups blue corn tortilla chips, broken up into large pieces | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Heat a grill pan to high and a soup pot to medium-high. Drizzle oil on corn and place on grill pan. Add red pepper to grill with corn. Char vegetables 10 minutes, total, turning occasionally. Remove to cool, 5 minutes. Remove charred skin from the pepper. While vegetables cook, dice chicken. Add 2 tablespoons oil to hot soup pot. Add chicken to pot. Season with poultry seasoning, cumin, salt and pepper. Lightly brown the chicken. Add zucchini, onions, garlic and chipotle peppers. Cook vegetables with chicken 5 to 7 minutes to soften. Add tomatoes, tomato sauce an <END>
INPUT: American, salad, goat cheese, mesclun loosely, Bosc pear lengthwise, olive oil, pancetta
OUTPUT: TITLE: Goat Cheese Pear Salad | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2/3 cup fresh goat cheese, crumbled; 12 cups mesclun loosely packed; 1 Bosc pear quartered lengthwise, remove core, slice to 1/8-inch thick; 1/4 cup olive oil; 1/3 cup diced pancetta, about 1/4-inch squares; 1/2 teaspoon chopped garlic; 2 tablespoons tomato concasse; 2 tablespoons chopped parsley; 1 tablespoon plus 4 teaspoons zin vinegar; Salt and pepper; 4 teaspoons toasted pine nuts | INSTRUCTIONS: Place the goat cheese, mesclun and pear in a large mixing bowl. Heat the oil and pancetta in a medium saute pan on high heat until the pancetta just starts to brown. Remove from heat. Add the garlic and quickly shake the pan until the garlic starts to brown. Add the tomato and parsley and combine well. Add the zin vinegar and season with salt and pepper. Return to high heat and boil. Pour the vinaigrette over the mesclun mixture and toss well. Sprinkle with pine nuts. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, center bacon, turkey, salsa, chili powder
OUTPUT: TITLE: Stuffed Baby Potatoes | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2 pounds (about 20) baby red potatoes; 4 slices center-cut bacon; 12 ounces ground turkey (93 percent lean); 1/2 cup salsa; 1 teaspoon chili powder; 1/2 teaspoon oregano; 1/4 teaspoon ground cumin; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 1/8 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 1/4 cup whole milk; 2/3 cup shredded reduced-fat cheddar, divided; Vegetable oil cooking spray | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat oven to 400°F. Place potatoes in a large saucepan; fill with enough cold water to cover. Bring to a boil; reduce heat to simmer and cook until potatoes are fork-tender, 20 to 22 minutes. Drain and set aside. In a large nonstick skillet, cook bacon over medium-high heat; transfer to a paper-towel-lined plate; let cool and break into small pieces. In same skillet, add turkey, salsa, chili powder, oregano, cumin, salt and black pepper. Cook, stirring to break meat into small crumbles, until turkey is browned, 6 to 7 minutes. When potatoes are cool enough to handle, cut off and discard 1/4 in <END>
INPUT: italian, strawberries pineapple, sugar, honey, lemon juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Italian Ice | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 cups halved strawberries or chopped pineapple; 2 tablespoons sugar; 2 tablespoons honey; 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice | INSTRUCTIONS: Blend the fruit, sugar, honey and lemon juice with 2 cups ice in a food processor or blender until chunky. Add another 1 cup ice and blend until completely smooth. Pour the mixture into a shallow baking dish and freeze 30 minutes. Scrape the ice with a fork until slushy, then freeze until firm, about 2 more hours. Scoop into paper cups. Photograph by Levi Brown <END>
INPUT: Asian, scaloppini, sauce, Sea salt, virgin olive oil, pepper, sea salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Gardein "Chicken" Scaloppini with Shiitake Sake Sauce, Pea Shoots, and Udon Noodle Cakes | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 4 (7-ounce single-serving) packs precooked udon noodles, still in their packages (see note); Sea salt; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; Freshly ground black pepper; Pinch of sea salt; 1 tablespoon sesame oil; 2 garlic cloves, minced; 1/4 cup faux chicken stock; 2 cups packed pea shoots; 4 Gardein breasts; Sea salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1/2 cup unbleached all-purpose flour; 4 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1 pound shiitake mushrooms, stemmed and cut into 1/4-inch slices; 1 cup dry sake | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. Make the udon noodle cakes: Preheat the oven to 200°F. Remove the plastic from the noodles, keeping the noodles tightly packed. Using a 3-inch round cutter or ring mold, cut one round of noodles from each pack. 2. Place a large sauté pan over high heat. Sprinkle the bottom with a pinch of salt and heat for 1 minute. Add the oil and heat for 30 seconds, being careful not to let it smoke. This will create a nonstick effect. 3. Add the noodle cakes and fry until browned and crisp on both sides, seasoning with salt and pepper as they cook, about 3 minutes per side. Remove to a paper-towel-lined <END>
INPUT: bark, semisweet chocolate morsels, morsels, macadamia nuts almonds
OUTPUT: TITLE: White Chocolate Macadamia Nut Bark | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups semisweet chocolate morsels; 2 cups white morsels (recommended: Guittard Choc-Au-Lait); 2/3 cup toasted macadamia nuts or toasted almonds, coarsely chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Line a 13 by 9-inch cookie sheet with waxed paper, allowing 2 inches of paper to hang over sides. Melt all but 1/4 cup of semisweet chocolate morsels in microwave on medium power for 2 minutes, stirring every 30 seconds, or until smooth. Pour chocolate onto prepared sheet and spread to cover entire surface and form 1 even layer. Melt all but 1/4 cup of white chips in microwave on medium power for 2 minutes, stirring every 30 seconds, or until smooth. Drizzle melted white chocolate over semisweet chocolate layer. Using a toothpick or skewer, swirl the melted choco <END>
INPUT: cherry, dessert, milk, sugar, vanilla bean, eggs, Bowl ice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cherry Vanilla Ice Cream Dessert | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 cups whole milk; 2 cups sugar; 1 vanilla bean, split and scraped; 4 large eggs, lightly beaten; Bowl of ice; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1 (13.5-ounce) can evaporated milk, chilled; 2 cups chopped maraschino cherries; 1 stick butter; 1 cup all-purpose flour; 1/4 cup brown sugar; 1/3 cup almonds, slivered; Whipped cream, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large saucepan, combine milk, sugar and vanilla bean seeds and pod. Cook over medium-low heat, just until small bubbles form around edges of pan, stirring occasionally. Pour 1/4 of hot milk mixture over beaten eggs, whisking constantly. Pour egg mixture into remaining hot milk mixture, whisking constantly. Cook, over low heat, stirring constantly, for 5 to 7 minutes, or until mixture thickens and coats a spoon. Remove from heat; pour through a wire mesh strainer into a bowl. Fill a large bowl with ice. Place bowl containing milk mixture in ice, and let stand, stirring occasionally for 20  <END>
INPUT: bars, Crisco® All Vegetable, firmly light sugar, egg, Pillsbury BEST® All, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Caramel Apple Bars | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 cup Crisco® All-Vegetable Shortening or 3/4 stick Crisco® All-Vegetable Shortening Sticks, plus additional for greasing pan; 1 cup firmly packed light brown sugar; 1 large egg; 1 1/2 cups Pillsbury BEST® All Purpose Flour; 1/2 tsp. salt; 1/2 tsp. baking soda; 1 3/4 cups quick oats, uncooked; 3 to 4 (about 4 cups) Granny Smith or Golden Delicious apples, peeled and chopped into 1/2-inch pieces; 2 tbsps. Pillsbury BEST® All Purpose Flour; 1 tsp. lemon juice; 1 (14 oz.) bag caramel candies, unwrapped | INSTRUCTIONS: HEAT oven to 350 degrees F. Grease a 13 x 9 x 2-inch baking pan with shortening. COMBINE 3/4 cup shortening and brown sugar in large bowl. Beat at medium speed with electric mixer; add egg. Beat until well blended. MIX together 1 1/2 cups flour, salt and baking soda. Add gradually to creamed mixture. Add in oats. Mix until blended. Reserve 1 1/4 cups of mixture for topping. Press remaining mixture into prepared pan. Bake 10 minutes. TOSS apples with 2 tablespoons flour and lemon juice. Distribute apple mixture evenly over partially baked crust. Press in lightly. PLACE caramels in microwave-saf <END>
INPUT: tacos, habanero, shelled pumpkin seeds, plum tomatoes, vegetable oil, water
OUTPUT: TITLE: Egg Tacos with Pumpkin-Seed and Tomato-Habanero Sauces | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 1/2 cups shelled pumpkin seeds*; 2 3/4 cups (or more) canned low-salt chicken broth; 6 large plum tomatoes, halved; 2 tablespoons vegetable oil; 2 tablespoons water; 3 fresh oregano sprigs; 1/4 seeded habañero chili; Additional vegetable oil; 12 5- to 6-inch corn tortillas; 8 hard-boiled eggs, peeled, 6 chopped, 2 finely grated | INSTRUCTIONS: For pumpkin-seed sauce: Stir seeds in large skillet over medium-high heat until beginning to color and pop, about 6 minutes. Transfer to blender. Add 2 3/4 cups broth. Blend until smooth, scraping down sides of blender occasionally. Thin sauce to consistency of thin mayonnaise, adding broth by 1/4 cupfuls; season with salt. Stir seeds in large skillet over medium-high heat until beginning to color and pop, about 6 minutes. Transfer to blender. Add 2 3/4 cups broth. Blend until smooth, scraping down sides of blender occasionally. Thin sauce to consistency of thin mayonnaise, adding broth by 1/4 <END>
INPUT: stock, turkey wings, vegetable oil, onion, carrot, celery leaves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Homemade Turkey Stock | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 pounds turkey wings (about 3 large wings); 2 tablespoons vegetable oil; 1 medium onion, chopped (about 2 cups); 1 medium carrot, chopped (about 1/2 cup); 1 medium stalk celery with leaves, chopped (about 1/2 cup); 6 sprigs fresh parsley; 1/2 teaspoon dried thyme, crumbled; 1/4 teaspoon whole black peppercorns; 1 dried bay leaf; Special equipment: large flameproof roasting pan | INSTRUCTIONS: Position rack in top third of oven and preheat to 450°F. Using heavy cleaver, chop wings into 2-inch pieces. (See Test-Kitchen Tips, below.) Spread wings in roasting pan and roast, turning with tongs after 20 minutes, until deeply browned, about 45 minutes. Meanwhile, in 6-quart stock pot over moderate heat, heat oil until hot but not smoking. Add onion, carrot, and celery and cook, stirring occasionally, until soft, about 10 minutes. Add wings and any pan juices and reduce heat to low. Straddle roasting pan across 2 burners on high heat and cook until browned bits are sizzling, about 1 minute <END>
INPUT: shortbread, all purpose flour, sugar, lemon peel, lemon juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lemon Shortbread | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/4 cups all purpose flour; 1/3 cup sugar; 1/2 cup (1 stick) chilled unsalted butter, cut into pieces; 1 tablespoons minced lemon peel; 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice; Powdered sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 300°F. Grease large baking sheet. Sift flour and 1/3 cup sugar into large bowl. Add butter and lemon peel; rub with fingertips until mixture resembles coarse meal. Add lemon juice; press mixture with hands until dough holds together. Turn out dough onto lightly floured work surface. Divide dough in half. Gather each half into ball. Place dough balls on prepared baking sheet, spacing evenly. Flatten each into 5 1/2-inch round. Crimp edges decoratively with fingertips or fork. Using sharp knife, score 6 wedges into each round. Pierce surface all over with fork. Bake until light b <END>
INPUT: American, flats, Barbecue Rub, BBQ sauce
OUTPUT: TITLE: Brisket Flats | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 (4-pound) brisket; Barbecue Rub; 2 cups BBQ sauce, your favorite | INSTRUCTIONS: Prepare brisket with heavier coating of rub. Don't trim fat (gives meat flavor and tenderness). Prepare Smoker the same way you did for the ribs. When the smoker reaches 220 degrees, place your brisket inside and cook until the internal temperature reaches 160 degrees, about 4 hours, or when brisket is almost black. Wrap the brisket in foil. Don't spritz the brisket with apple juice. Place the brisket back into the smoker and continue cooking until the internal temperature reaches 180 degrees, about 2 more hours. Let cool slightly and trim any fat. Then brush on room temperature BBQ sauce, sli <END>
INPUT: mashed, skinned sweet potatoes, unsalted butter, Bartlett pears, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mashed Sweet Potatoes and Pears | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 5 pounds red-skinned sweet potatoes (yams); 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, room temperature; 4 large firm but ripe Bartlett pears, peeled, cored, cut into 1/3 inch-thick slices; 3/4 cup (or more) pear nectar; 1/4 cup sugar; 1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1/4 teaspoon (generous) ground cardamom | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 400°F. Butter 13 x 9 x 2 - inch glass baking dish. Pierce potatoes in several places with fork. Place on baking sheet; bake until very tender when pierced with knife, about 1 hour. Remove from oven. Reduce temperature to 350°F. Meanwhile, melt 2 tablespoons butter in heavy large nonstick skillet over medium-high heat. Add pears; sautée until beginning to soften, about 5 minutes. Add 3/4 cup nectar; bring to simmer. Reduce heat to medium-low; cover and simmer until pears are very tender, adding more nectar if mixture sticks to skillet and stirring often, about 4 minutes. Transfe <END>
INPUT: Mexican, garlic, shelled edamame beans, cayenne pepper, cumin, salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spicy Edamame Dip | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 4 large cloves garlic, un-peeled; 16 ounces shelled edamame beans (about 2 cups); 1/2 teaspoon cayenne pepper; 1/4 teaspoon ground cumin; Pinch salt and pepper; 4 tablespoons olive oil; 1/4 cup fresh lime juice (about 2 limes); 1/4 cup finely chopped fresh cilantro; Pita chips, for dipping | INSTRUCTIONS: In a medium skillet over medium heat, roast the garlic, turning frequently, until light brown, about 15 minutes. Remove from the heat, cool, and then slip off the skins. Set aside. Bring about 8 cups of water to a boil in a saucepan and drop in the beans. Bring back to a boil and cook for 5 minutes. Reserve 3/4 cup of the cooking water before draining. Drain the beans and cool. Transfer the garlic into a food processor and chop coarsely. Add the beans, cayenne pepper, cumin, salt, pepper and process in the food processor. Add the olive oil, lime juice and cilantro and pulse to combine. Add the <END>
INPUT: Mexican, salsa, fish, beans, kidney pinto beans, onion, cilantro
OUTPUT: TITLE: Red, White and Black Bean Salsa for Fish | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup dried black beans; 1/2 cup dried red kidney or pinto beans; 1/2 cup dried white beans (Great Northern or cannellini); 1 small red onion, finely diced; 1 bunch cilantro, leaves only, roughly chopped; 1/2 cup olive oil; 3/4 teaspoon salt; 1/2 teaspoon freshly grounded black pepper; 3 tablespoons juice from Pickled Chiplotes, or red wine vinegar; 1 Pickled Chiplote Chile, seeded if desired and minced | INSTRUCTIONS: Keeping them separate, wash and pick over all the beans. Place each kind in a separate pot, cover generously with water and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat to medium-low and cook, covered, until the beans are done in the center but not too soft, 1 to 1 1/2 hours. Drain and rinse in a colander. For added flavor, you can smoke the beans on a grill. Start a small fire off to one side and throw soaked wood chips on the coals when the fire is moderately hot. Lay out the beans on a baking pan, pour in water to a depth of 1/8 inch and cover with a wet towel. Place on the grate, cover and smoke 2 hou <END>
INPUT: Italian, vegetable, risotto, tomatoes bottoms, Olive oil, eggplant, bell peppers, zucchini
OUTPUT: TITLE: Stuffed Tomato with Vegetable Risotto Vinaigrette | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 10 large tomatoes with bottoms (opposite the dimple) cut off; Olive oil; 1 small eggplant, diced; 2 red bell peppers, diced; 1 large zucchini, diced; 1 large onion, diced; 2 cups uncooked rice; 12 pitted black olives, chopped; 1/3 cup pine nuts; 1 cup vinaigrette, recipe follows; 2/3 cup olive oil; 1/3 cup vinegar; 1 clove garlic, minced; 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard; Salt and pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Hollow the tomatoes with a spoon and reserve the seeded pulp. Dice the cut off bottoms and seeded pulp into 1/4-inch pieces. Heat the olive oil over very high heat in a large pan. Stir-fry the eggplant, red pepper, zucchini and onion in the olive oil until the pieces are almost cooked through and the edges are caramelized. Cook the 2 cups rice until al dente, using a little less water by volume. In a large bowl combine the rice with the vegetables and tomato. Add the black olives, the vinaigrette and pine nuts. Mix well. Let stand for 1 hour or overnight if possi <END>
INPUT: Bliss, olive oil, unsalted butter, garlic, thyme
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Potatoes with Garlic | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 pounds small potatoes: Red Bliss, small whites, Yukon Gold, Yellow Finns, or Fingerling potatoes; 1/4 cup olive oil; 3 tablespoons unsalted butter; 3 cloves garlic, peeled and finely minced; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh thyme; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh flat-leaf parsley; Salt and freshly ground black pepper to taste | INSTRUCTIONS: Pre-heat oven to 350 degrees. Leaving their skins on, scrub the potatoes with a brush to remove any dirt or blemishes. Dry the potatoes with paper towels or a cloth. Leave whole, cut in half or in quarters, depending on the size of the potatoes. Pour the olive oil into a roasting pan or large cast iron skillet and heat in a 350 degree oven for ten minutes before adding the potatoes. Roast the potatoes for 45 minutes, until crisp. Shake the pan several times during cooking, so that the potatoes roll around to brown evenly. Remove from the oven. Drain the potatoes on paper towels or a cloth to a <END>
INPUT: puree, celeriac, milk, Juice lemon, bay leaf, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Celeriac Puree | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 large celeriac, about 2 pounds/1 kg; 1/4 cup/60 ml milk; Juice of 1/2 lemon; 1 bay leaf; 1 teaspoon salt; 3 tablespoons butter; 1/4 cup/60 ml cream; Freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Peel and cut the celeriac into roughly 1-inch/2.5 cm pieces. Put the milk, lemon juice, and bay leaf in a large pot, pour over 8-cups/2 liters water. Add the salt, bring to a boil, and simmer until the celeriac is very tender. Drain, reserving 1 cup/250 ml of the liquid. Remove the bay leaf. Stir the butter and cream into the celeriac, then puree until very smooth in a blender, adding as much of the reserved cooking liquid as needed to achieve a soft, smooth consistency. Season with pepper and salt, and serve. <END>
INPUT: American, barbecue, olive oil, garlic, cumin, chipotle chile pepper, wine
OUTPUT: TITLE: Red Wine Barbecue Sauce | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon olive oil; 1 large garlic clove, minced; 1/4 teaspoon ground cumin; 1/4 teaspoon ground chipotle chile pepper powder*; 1/3 cup dry red wine; 1/2 cup ketchup; 1 tablespoon apple cider vinegar; 1 tablespoon soy sauce; 1/8 teaspoon liquid smoke** | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat olive oil in heavy medium saucepan over medium heat. Add garlic, cumin, and chipotle chile powder; stir 1 minute. Add wine and simmer 2 minutes. Stir in ketchup, vinegar, soy sauce, and liquid smoke; simmer 2 minutes longer. (Can be prepared 2 days ahead. Cover and refrigerate.) Heat olive oil in heavy medium saucepan over medium heat. Add garlic, cumin, and chipotle chile powder; stir 1 minute. Add wine and simmer 2 minutes. Stir in ketchup, vinegar, soy sauce, and liquid smoke; simmer 2 minutes longer. (Can be prepared 2 days ahead. Cover and refrigerate.) *Available in the spice sectio <END>
INPUT: breadcrumbs from crustless, olive oil, lemon juice, oregano, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Artichokes Stuffed with Lemon-Garlic Breadcrumbs | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups fresh breadcrumbs from crustless French bread; 1/4 cup olive oil; 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh oregano; 3 garlic cloves, minced; 1 teaspoon grated lemon peel; 6 medium artichokes, trimmed, left whole, chokes removed according to recipe forTrimmed Artichokes; 2 tablespoons (1/4 stick) butter, cut into 6 pieces; 1/2 cup (or more) water; Lemon wedges | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 400°F. Mix breadcrumbs and oil in medium bowl. Spread mixture on large rimmed baking sheet. Bake until golden on edges, stirring occasionally, about 10 minutes. Transfer to large bowl. Mix in lemon juice, oregano, garlic and lemon peel. Season with salt and pepper. Drain artichokes. Gently pull leaves outward from center until leaves open slightly. Fill artichoke cavities with bread stuffing. Pack stuffing between leaves. Place artichokes in 13 x 9 x 2-inch glass baking dish. Dot tops with butter. Pour 1/2 cup water into dish. Cover dish with foil; bake until wooden skewer pier <END>
INPUT: lemonade, sugar, water, Ice, blood orange juice, lemon juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Blood Orange Lemonade | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup sugar; 1/2 cup water; Ice; 1 cup fresh blood orange juice, 4 to 6 oranges; 1 cup fresh lemon juice, 6 to 8 lemons; 3 cups club soda or water; 1 lemon; 1 blood orange; Fresh mint sprigs, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: In a medium saucepan heat sugar and water for about 5 minutes until all the sugar is dissolved and it becomes a syrup consistency. Set aside to cool slightly. Fill a pitcher with ice and pour in the juices, simple syrup and club soda. Slice the lemon and blood orange into rounds and place them in the pitcher. Stir and pour into glass with ice. Garnish with mint. <END>
INPUT: American, cookie, dough, all purpose flour, baking powder, fine salt, chunky peanut butter, granulated sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Peanut Butter Cookie Dough | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup all-purpose flour; 1/4 teaspoon baking powder; 1/4 teaspoon fine salt; 2/3 cup chunky peanut butter; 1/3 cup granulated sugar; 1/4 cup packed light brown sugar; 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature; 1 tablespoon plain yogurt; 1/2 teaspoon non-alcohol vanilla extract | INSTRUCTIONS: Whisk the flour, baking powder and salt together in a medium bowl and set aside. Beat the peanut butter, granulated sugar, brown sugar, butter, yogurt and vanilla with an electric mixer on medium-high speed in a large bowl until well combined, about 2 minutes. Add the flour mixture and mix on low speed until well incorporated. Turn off the beaters and use your hands to help combine if needed. Refrigerate in an airtight container for up to 5 days. <END>
INPUT: clafoutis, pear, Olive oil, eggs, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Fruit Clafoutis | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 medium pear, peeled, cored, and cut in 1/2; 1 (6-ounce) wedge fresh pineapple, sliced 1/2-inch thick; Olive oil, for brushing fruit and Dutch oven; 2 large eggs; 1/4 cup sugar; 1/2 cup all-purpose flour; 1/2 cup whole milk; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: Chimney starter, all-natural charcoal briquettes, and kettle grill Fill 1 large chimney starter with charcoal briquettes and light. Once the coals are ashy white, transfer to a kettle grill and spread evenly. Set grate over coals. Lightly brush all sides of fruit with oil and grill for 1 1/2 minutes on each side. Remove from the grill to a cutting board, and cut into 1/2-inch pieces. Lightly oil the bottom and sides of the Dutch oven and spread the fruit evenly over the bottom. In a medium mixing bowl, whisk together the eggs and sugar until frothy and lightened in color, 2  <END>
INPUT: Mexican, chili, pepper, Shortening vegetable oil, limes, chickens, buttermilk
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fried Chili Chicken | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; Shortening or vegetable oil for frying; 23 limes; 2 chickens, 2 1/23 pounds each; 2 cups buttermilk; 1 1/2 cups flour; 2 tablespoons paprika; 1 tablespoon cumin; 1 teaspoon cayenne; 1 teaspoon sea salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Cut the chicken into serving pieces. The breast pieces should be cut in half. Place the chicken in a bowl and cover with the buttermilk overnight. In a medium-size bowl, combine the flour, paprika, cumin, cayenne, salt, and pepper. Heat enough oil to a depth of about 3/4-inch in a large heavy skillet. When the oil is medium hot dip the chicken pieces in the flour mixture and fry, without crowding the chicken. If necessary, use 2 skillets or fry in batches. Reduce the heat to medium and fry until the coating becomes a deep golden brown, turning the chicken as needed. The white meat should be do <END>
INPUT: soup, water, uncooked shrimp, olive oil, leeks, trimmed fennel
OUTPUT: TITLE: Shrimp Soup with Ouzo | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 12 cups water; 2 pounds uncooked large shrimp, peeled, deveined, shells reserved; 4 tablespoons olive oil; 2 large leeks (white and pale green parts only) finely chopped; 2 cups finely chopped and trimmed fennel (about 2 medium bulbs); 1 1/2 cups finely chopped red bell pepper; 1/3 cup minced shallots; 2 1/2 cups chopped seeded tomatoes; 3 large garlic cloves, minced; 1 cup dry white wine; 1/4 cup ouzo (unsweetened anise liqueur) or anisette; Fennel fronds | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine water and shrimp shells in heavy large pot (cover and refrigerate shrimp). Bring water with shells to boil. Reduce heat and simmer 20 minutes. Cover and remove from heat. Heat 2 tablespoons oil in large Dutch oven over low heat. Add leeks, fennel, bell pepper and shallots. Cover and cook until vegetables are tender, stirring occasionally, about 30 minutes. Uncover vegetables; add tomatoes and garlic and sauté until tomatoes soften and almost all liquid evaporates, about 8 minutes. Increase heat to medium. Add wine and boil 1 minute. Strain shrimp stock into vegetable mixture. Boil unti <END>
INPUT: spring, lamb stew meat, all purpose flour, boiling onions, russet potatoes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spring Lamb Stew | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons (1/4 stick) butter; 1 pound lamb stew meat; 2 tablespoons all purpose flour; 12 boiling onions, peeled; 5 medium russet potatoes, peeled, quartered; 2 large carrots, peeled, cut into 1-inch pieces; 10 small bay leaves; 2 teaspoons dried thyme; 2 cups canned beef broth; 1/2 cup chopped fresh parsley | INSTRUCTIONS: Melt butter in heavy large Dutch oven over high heat. Season lamb with salt and pepper. Add lamb to pot and sauté until brown, about 5 minutes. Add flour and stir 2 minutes. Add onions, potatoes, carrots, bay leaves and thyme and stir 2 minutes. Add broth and bring to boil. Reduce heat to medium-low, cover and simmer until lamb and vegetables are almost tender, about 1 hour. Uncover stew and simmer until gravy thickens and lamb and vegetables are very tender, about 15 minutes longer. Add parsley. Season stew to taste with salt and pepper. Melt butter in heavy large Dutch oven over high heat. S <END>
INPUT: Mexican, Portuguese olive oil, Portuguese Spanish chorizo, celery, garlic, Roma tomatoes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mussels with Chorizo and Fennel | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons Portuguese olive oil, or extra-virgin olive oil; 1/2 cup sliced Portuguese or Spanish chorizo; 2 celery stalks, sliced thinly; 2 cloves garlic, sliced; 2 Roma tomatoes, diced; 1/2 fennel bulb, sliced thinly; 1/2 onion, sliced thinly; 25 mussels, cleaned well; 1/2 cup clam juice; 1/2 cup white wine; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, chilled; Pinch crushed red pepper flakes; 1 loaf crusty bread, for serving | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat a large, deep skillet over medium-high heat. Add the olive oil and chorizo and saute for about 2 minutes. Then the celery, garlic, tomatoes, fennel and onions, and saute until tender but not too soft, 5 to 8 minutes. Add the mussels, and saute again until the mussels start to pop open. Add the clam juice and wine and cover the skillet. Steam the mussels until they open, 7 to 10 minutes. Remove any mussels that didn't open, and transfer the rest from the skillet to a serving bowl(s), leaving the liquid behind. Add the butter and simmer until the liquid reduces a bit, about 2 minutes. Pour  <END>
INPUT: Asian, peking, noodle, vegetable oil, Bones from duck, onion, celery, carrots
OUTPUT: TITLE: Peking Duck Noodle Soup | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons vegetable oil; Bones from 1 duck; 1 onion, chopped; 2 celery stalks, chopped; 2 carrots, chopped; 2 inches fresh ginger, sliced; 1 clove garlic, minced; 1 teaspoon black peppercorns; 1 teaspoon Szechuan peppercorns; 2 kaffir lime leaves; Salt and pepper; 2 baby bok choy, sliced; 1 cup chopped scallions; 1 hot red chile, cut into thin strips; 1 tablespoon soy sauce | INSTRUCTIONS: For the broth: In a large stockpot, heat the oil over medium-high heat. Break up the duck bones and sear them on all sides until golden brown, about 5 minutes. Add the vegetables and continue cooking until caramelized, another 5 minutes. Add the spices and 16 cups water. Lower the heat and let simmer for about 3 hours. Let cool for about 15 minutes. Pass through a sieve and remove the fat. Pour the broth back into the stockpot and reserve for the duck noodle soup. For the duck soup: Add the vegetables, the soy sauce and noodles to the stockpot with reserved duck broth and simmer for 1 minute.  <END>
INPUT: hoagies, sweet Italian sausage, hot Italian sausage, virgin olive oil, garlic, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sausage, Pepper and Onion Hoagies | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 pound sweet Italian sausage; 3/4 pound hot Italian sausage; 2 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil, 2 turns of the pan; 2 large cloves garlic, crushed; 1 large onion, thinly sliced; 2 cubanelle peppers (light green mild Italian peppers), seeded and thinly sliced; 1 red bell pepper, seeded and thinly sliced; Salt and pepper; 2 or 3 jarred hot cherry peppers, banana peppers or pepperoncini, finely chopped; 3 tablespoons hot pepper juice, from the jar; 4 crusty, semolina submarine sandwich rolls, 8 inches, sesame seeded or plain; 1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil; 3 tablespoons butter; 1 large clove garlic; 1 1/2 teaspoons dried Italian seasoning, 1/2 a handful or 1/2 teaspoons each oregano, thyme, parsley | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Place the sausages in a large nonstick skillet. Pierce the casings with a fork. Add 1-inch water to the pan. Bring liquid to a boil. Cover sausages, reduce heat and simmer 10 minutes. Heat a second skillet over medium high heat. Add oil, 2 turns of the pan. Add garlic, onion, cubanelle and red peppers. Season vegetables with salt and pepper. Drain sausages and return pan to stove, raising heat back to medium high. Add a drizzle of oil to the skillet, brown and crisp the casings. Remove sausages, slice into 2 inch pieces on an angle and set pieces back into the pa <END>
INPUT: weeknight, salad, skin pork loin, Kosher salt pepper, radishes, sugar snap peas, Coarse sea salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Weeknight Roast Pork Loin with Snap Pea and Radish Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: One 2 1/2 to 3-pound boneless skin on pork loin end roast (or without if skin is unavailable, see note below); Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 5 radishes; 12 ounces sugar snap peas; Coarse sea salt; 1 tablespoon olive oil; Juice of 1/2 lemon | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. With a very sharp knife, cut a crosshatch pattern into the pork skin, being careful not to cut through the meat. Rub the pork all over with 1 1/2 teaspoons kosher salt and 1/2 teaspoon pepper and place skin-side up in a small roasting pan or rimmed baking sheet. 2. Roast until the internal temperature reaches 145 degrees F, approximately 1 hour 30 minutes. Transfer the pork to a cutting board to rest. Cut off the skin and approximately 1/2-inch of fat and return to the roasting pan. Roast the skin in the oven until crispy, another 15 minutes. 3. While pork <END>
INPUT: gratin, unsalted butter, heavy cream, Kosher salt, sage leaves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sage Potatoes Au Gratin | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons unsalted butter; 2 cups heavy cream; Kosher salt; 10 fresh sage leaves; 1 pound (about 2 medium) russet potatoes; Cayenne pepper, to taste; 1/2 cup grated manchego cheese (about 2 ounces) | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Coat a 2-quart baking dish with 1 tablespoon butter. Bring the cream, 1/2 teaspoon salt and the sage to a simmer in a large saucepan over medium-low heat; cook 10 minutes. Meanwhile, peel the potatoes and slice 1/8 inch thick (use a mandoline, if you have one). Cover the bottom of the prepared dish with about one-quarter of the potatoes, overlapping the slices. Season with salt and cayenne pepper and sprinkle with one-third of the cheese. Repeat the layers 2 more times (potatoes, salt, cayenne, cheese), ending with a layer of potatoes. Strain the cream, disca <END>
INPUT: Mexican, navy beans, onion, all purpose flour, chicken broth
OUTPUT: TITLE: White Chicken Chili | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 pound dried navy beans, picked over; 1 large onion, chopped; 1 stick (1/2 cup) unsalted butter; 1/4 cup all-purpose flour; 3/4 cup chicken broth; 2 cups half-and-half; 1 teaspoon Tabasco, or to taste; 1 1/2 teaspoons chili powder; 1 teaspoon ground cumin; 1/2 teaspoon salt, or to taste; 1/2 teaspoon white pepper, or to taste; two 4-ounce cans whole mild green chilies, drained and chopped; 5 boneless skinless chicken breast halves (about 2 pounds), cooked and cut into 1/2-inch pieces; 1 1/2 cups grated Monterey Jack (about 6 ounces); 1/2 cup sour cream | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large kettle soak beans in cold water to cover by 2 inches overnight. Drain beans in a colander and return to kettle with cold water to cover by 2 inches. Cook beans at a bare simmer until tender, about 1 hour, and drain in colander. In a skillet cook onion in 2 tablespoons butter over moderate heat until softened. In a 6- to 8-quart heavy kettle melt remaining 6 tablespoons butter over moderately low heat and whisk in flour. Cook roux, whisking constantly, 3 minutes. Stir in onion and gradually add broth and half-and-half, whisking constantly. Bring mixture to a boil and simmer, stirring <END>
INPUT: salad, mayonnaise, fat free plain, Dijon mustard, lemon juice, Kosher salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pomegranate-Chicken Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup mayonnaise; 1/2 cup fat-free plain yogurt; 1/4 cup Dijon mustard; 2 tablespoons lemon juice; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 rotisserie chicken, shredded; 1 cup pomegranate seeds; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh chives; 1 stalk celery, sliced; Baby arugula, for serving, optional | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Combine the mayonnaise, yogurt, Dijon mustard, lemon juice and some salt and pepper. Taste and adjust seasonings as needed. Add the shredded chicken, pomegranate seeds, chives and celery to a bowl. Pour some of the dressing around the sides of the bowl and toss to combine. Add more dressing as desired. Taste and adjust seasonings as needed. Serve on top of some baby arugula if using. <END>
INPUT: italiano, chicken breasts, Salt pepper, Sauteed spinach, pepper, goat cheese
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken Italiano | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 boneless chicken breasts (7 ounces each); Salt and pepper; 12 ounces Sauteed spinach; 1 red pepper, roasted, peeled and quartered; 12 ounces goat cheese; 8 ounces Parmesan; 4 teaspoons chopped Italian parsley; 6 ounces flour; 2 eggs; 1/2 cup milk; Bread crumbs; 4 ounces Romano; 2 teaspoons granulated garlic; 6 ounces olive oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Pound chicken and season each breast with salt and pepper. Top chicken with spinach, red pepper, goat cheese, Parmesan, salt and pepper, to taste. Roll chicken with ingredients inside. Lightly dust each piece of chicken with flour. Whisk eggs and milk in bowl. Roll chicken in milk-egg mix. Combine bread crumbs, parsley, Romano, garlic, salt and pepper in a separate bowl. Roll chicken in bread crumb mixture. Heat skillet to low-medium and add olive oil. Lightly saute the chicken until golden brown on both sides. Bake for 12 to 15 minutes or until done. <END>
INPUT: spiced, wine vinegar, sugar, cinnamon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Pork Sausages with Spiced Figs | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups red wine vinegar; 1 1/2 cups sugar; 1 1/2 cups (packed) dried black Mission figs (about 11 ounces); 1 cinnamon stick; 12 whole cloves; 2 teaspoons water; 1 teaspoon cornstarch; 5 sweet Italian link pork sausages (about 1 pound) | INSTRUCTIONS: Stir first 5 ingredients in heavy medium saucepan. Let stand 30 minutes. Stir over low heat until sugar dissolves. Bring to boil; reduce heat to mediumlow and simmer until figs are softened and vinegar is slightly syrupy, about 45 minutes. Mix water and cornstarch in small bowl; stir into fig mixture. Boil and stir to thicken slightly, about 1 minute. Let stand 1 hour. DO AHEAD: Fig sauce can be made 1 day ahead. Cover and chill. Prepare barbecue (medium heat). Grill sausages until browned and cooked through, turning frequently, about 15 minutes. Remove from grill. Holding sausage with tongs,  <END>
INPUT: bars, pecans, unsalted butter, all purpose flour, light sugar, kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pecan Bars | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup pecans, toasted and roughly chopped; 6 tablespoons cold unsalted butter (3/4 stick), cut into small chunks; 1 cup all-purpose flour; 1/4 cup packed light brown sugar; 1 teaspoon kosher salt; 3/4 cup packed light brown sugar; 1/4 cup light molasses; 1/3 cup light corn syrup; 4 tablespoons unsalted butter (1/2 stick), melted; 1 tablespoon dark rum, optional; 1 tablespoon vanilla extract; 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt; 2 large eggs, beaten; 1 cup toasted and roughly chopped pecans | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. For the crust: Heat the oven to 350 degrees F and arrange a rack in middle. Line an 8 by 8-inch baking dish with aluminum foil, leaving a few inches of overhang on each side. Combine the pecans, butter, flour, sugar, and salt in bowl of a food processor and pulse until the mixture is well combined and it resembles coarse meal. Press the mixture evenly into the prepared baking dish and bake until lightly golden, about 25 to 30 minutes. Remove from the oven and immediately make the filling. For the filling: Whisk together the sugar, molasses, corn syrup, butter, ru <END>
INPUT: creme, brulee, cobs corn, heavy cream, salt, pepper, eggs
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lobster Corn Creme Brulee | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 cobs fresh corn, kernels removed; 2 cups heavy cream; 1 1/2 teaspoons salt; 1 1/2 teaspoons freshly ground black pepper; 3 eggs, plus 2 egg yolks; 1/2 pound lobster meat, diced (tail and/or claw); 2 ounces finely grated Parmesan | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. In a medium saucepan over medium heat, combine the corn kernels, cream, salt and pepper. Bring to a boil, then reduce the heat and simmer for 3 to 5 minutes to bring flavors together. Whisk the eggs together in a mixing bowl. Stir in a little of the hot corn mixture, to temper the eggs, then add the remaining corn mixture. Transfer the mixture to a blender and puree. Pass the mixture through a fine sieve, into a bowl, using a rubber spatula or small ladle to press out all the liquid. Discard the solids. Put 6 (6-ounce) ceramic ramekins in a 2-inch-deep baking <END>
INPUT: soup, russet potato, Olive oil, eggplant, olive oil, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Eggplant and Saffron Soup | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 medium russet potato (about 8 ounces); Olive oil; 1 large eggplant (about 1 1/4 pounds), unpeeled, cut into 1/4-inch-thick rounds; 1/4 cup olive oil; 1 medium onion, chopped; 4 garlic cloves, chopped; 1/2 teaspoon dried oregano, crumbled; 5 cups chicken stock or canned broth; 1/8 teaspoon saffron threads | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 375°F. Pierce potato with fork. Place potato on oven rack and bake until very soft, about 1 hour. Remove from oven and cool. Line 2 baking sheets with foil and brush with olive oil. Arrange eggplant rounds on prepared sheets. Bake eggplant 15 minutes. Cover with foil. Bake until very soft and brown, about 30 minutes longer. Heat 1/4 cup olive oil in heavy large saucepan over medium-high heat. Add onion, garlic and oregano and sauté until onion and garlic are translucent, about 10 minutes. Cut potato into pieces. Combine potato, eggplant and onion mixture in processor. With mach <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, black, good quality pita, Bean Hummus, Caramelized Onions, nicoise olives, Spanish anchovies
OUTPUT: TITLE: Flatbread with White Bean Hummus, Caramelized Onions, Black Olives and Spanish White Anchovies | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 4 pieces good-quality pita bread, naan, lavash, or Buckwheat Flatbread, recipe follows; White Bean Hummus, recipe follows; Caramelized Onions, recipe follows; 1 cup nicoise olives, pitted and halved; Spanish white anchovies; Fresh thyme leaves, for garnish; 1/2-ounce fresh yeast; 1 1/2 teaspoons sugar; 1 1/4 cups water, at room temperature; 8 ounces bread flour, plus more if needed; 3/4 cup buckwheat flour; 1 teaspoon salt; 2 tablespoons olive oil; All-purpose flour, for dusting and rolling; 3 cups white beans, cooked, or canned, drained and rinsed | INSTRUCTIONS: Spread each flatbread with some of the hummus, then top with the caramelized onions, olives, and anchovies. Garnish with fresh thyme leaves. Cut into wedges and serve. In an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, combine the yeast, sugar, and water. Mix for 1 minute on low speed and let stand until the mixture just begins to bubble. Attach the dough hook and add both flours and the salt to the yeast mixture. Mix until it forms a mass; the dough should be sticky. Continue to add additional flour, if necessary, until the surface is dry enough to handle and dry enough to roll. Divide t <END>
INPUT: American, casserole, chicken stock, cornstarch water, heavy cream, pepper flakes, leftover rice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Garlic Shrimp Casserole | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups chicken stock; 2 tablespoons cornstarch with 1 tablespoon water; 1/2 cup heavy cream; 1/2 teaspoon red pepper flakes; 1 pint leftover rice; 2 pints leftover garlic shrimp; 3/4 cup toasted panko bread crumbs (Japanese bread crumbs) | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. In a small saucepan, combine the chicken stock and the cornstarch slurry and bring to a simmer for 3 minutes. Add the cream and the red pepper flakes. In a foil lined terra cotta pot, pour the rice and add the leftover garlic shrimp. Then pour the cream mixture over it. Top with the toasted panko and place in the oven for 45 minutes. Cool for 15 minutes before serving. <END>
INPUT: pudding, rice, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Black Rice Pudding | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup black rice; 1/2 cup sugar; 1 (13 1/2- to 15-oz) can unsweetened coconut milk, stirred well | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring rice, 3 cups water, and 1/4 teaspoon salt to a boil in a 3- to 4-quart heavy saucepan, then reduce heat to low and simmer, covered with a tight-fitting lid, 45 minutes (rice will be cooked but still wet). Stir in sugar, a scant 1/4 teaspoon salt, and 1 1/2 cups coconut milk and bring to a boil over high heat, then reduce heat to low and simmer, uncovered, stirring occasionally, until mixture is thick and rice is tender but still slightly chewy, about 30 minutes. Remove from heat and cool to warm or room temperature, stirring occasionally, at least 30 minutes. Just before serving, stir pu <END>
INPUT: Italian, salad, pesto, flat leaf parsley, hazelnuts, Parmesan, garlic, virgin olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Portobello Salad with Hazelnut Pesto | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup fresh flat-leaf parsley leaves; 1/3 cup chopped toasted hazelnuts; 3 tablespoons grated Parmesan; 2 cloves garlic; 1/2 cup extra-virgin olive oil; Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper; 4 large portobello mushrooms, stems removed; 1/2 cup olive oil; Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper; 2 tablespoons sherry vinegar; 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard; 4 ounces baby arugula; 1 small head fennel, bulb thinly sliced, fronds reserved for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: For the hazelnut pesto: Place the parsley, hazelnuts, Parmesan and garlic in a food processor and process until coarsely chopped. With the motor running, slowly add the olive oil and process until combined; transfer to a bowl and season with salt and pepper. For the portobello salad: Heat a charcoal or gas grill to medium-high for direct and indirect grilling. Brush the mushrooms on both sides with 1/4 of the cup olive oil and season with salt and pepper. Place the mushrooms on a baking sheet and roast until cooked through, approximately 10 minutes on the grill. Remove to a baking sheet and lo <END>
INPUT: American, Two balls pizza, chicken, Buffalo sauce, mozzarella, cheese crumbles
OUTPUT: TITLE: Buffalo Chicken Grilled Pizza | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: Two 8-ounce balls prepared pizza dough, each rolled into a thin circle; 2 cups shredded chicken (I use a rotisserie chicken); 1/2 cup Buffalo sauce (or 1/4 cup hot sauce, such as Frank's, mixed with 1/4 cup melted unsalted butter); 2 cups shredded mozzarella; 1/2 cup blue cheese crumbles; 1 tablespoon minced chives; Celery leaves, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat a grill to medium-high heat for indirect grilling. Place the dough circles on the hot side of the grill. Let cook for 1 minute, then flip with tongs, moving to a cooler spot on the grill (about medium heat) until the dough begins to pull away from the grill, about 1 minute. Remove to a platter or baking sheet. In a large bowl, toss the shredded chicken with the Buffalo sauce. Divide the chicken mixture between the 2 grilled crusts and top with equal amounts of mozzarella and blue cheese crumbles. Put the pizzas back on the grill and grill until the cheese <END>
INPUT: Asian, ceviche, sea scallops, Salt, ginger, garlic, lemongrass
OUTPUT: TITLE: Scallop Ceviche | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound sea scallops; Salt; 1 cup chopped ginger; 1/4 cup whole peeled garlic cloves; 1 stalk lemongrass, roughly chopped; 1 tablespoon olive oil; 10 ounces coconut milk; 10 ounces coconut water; 1/2 cup fresh lime juice; 1 jalapeno, finely diced; 1/4 cup finely chopped chives; 1 red onion, thinly sliced; 1/4 cup tomato, diced; Freshly ground black pepper; Ginger juice, for seasoning | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring a pot of water to a boil, salt the water, and then cook scallops in the water for 2 minutes. Remove from boiling water and submerge immediately into an ice bath. When cool, thinly slice scallops into 3 to 4 slices each. In a medium saucepan, combine 1 cup of chopped ginger, garlic, and lemongrass and saute in olive oil for 5 minutes. Add coconut milk and coconut water and cook for another 10 minutes, until it becomes aromatic. Strain the liquid and allow it to cool, discard the solids. In a mixing bowl combine scallops, lime juice, strained coconut liquid, jalapeno, chives, red onion, an <END>
INPUT: American, blackberry, self rising flour, sugar, egg
OUTPUT: TITLE: Apple and Blackberry Pie | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups self-rising flour; 9 tablespoons sugar; 3/4 cup (1 1/2 sticks) chilled unsalted butter, cut into pieces; 1 large egg, beaten to blend; 2 tablespoons (about) ice water; 2 pounds tart green apples (such as Granny Smith), peeled, quartered, cored, cut into 1/4-inch-thick slices; 1 1/2 cups frozen unsweetened blackberries, unthawed; 1/3 cup plus 2 teaspoons sugar; 2 tablespoons all purpose flour; Milk; Sweetened whipping cream | INSTRUCTIONS: For crust: Combine flour and sugar in medium bowl. Add butter and rub in with fingertips until coarse crumbs form. Mix in beaten egg. Mix in enough ice water by tablespoonfuls to form moist clumps. Divide dough in half. Gather dough into 2 balls; flatten into disks. Wrap each disk in plastic and refrigerate until firm enough to roll out, about 30 minutes. (Can be made 1 day ahead. Keep chilled. Soften slightly at room temperature before rolling out.) Combine flour and sugar in medium bowl. Add butter and rub in with fingertips until coarse crumbs form. Mix in beaten egg. Mix in enough ice wate <END>
INPUT: cake, unsalted butter, granulated sugar, egg, pure vanilla extract, caramel sauce
OUTPUT: TITLE: Caramel-Fleur de Sel Mug Cake | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened; 1/4 cup granulated sugar; 1 large egg; 1/2 teaspoon pure vanilla extract; 1 tablespoon caramel sauce, store-bought or homemade; 2 tablespoons milk; 6 tablespoons (1/4 cup plus 2 tablespoons) self-rising flour; 1/2 teaspoon fleur de sel; 4 caramel candies, preferably salted | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large mug, whisk together the butter and sugar with a fork. Stir in the egg, vanilla, caramel sauce, and milk. Add the flour and 1/4 teaspoon of the fleur de sel. Beat the batter until smooth. Divide the batter between two mugs. Top each mug with a pinch of the remaining fleur de sel. Microwave separately for 30 seconds each. Place two caramel candies on the top of each partially cooked mug cake, then continue cooking 1 to 1 1/2 minutes more until risen and firm. In a large mug, whisk together the butter and sugar with a fork. Stir in the egg, vanilla, caramel sauce, and milk. Add the flo <END>
INPUT: American, crumb, sugar, cinnamon, cornstarch, Juice lemon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Peach Crumb Pie | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 5 large, ripe but firm peaches, peeled, pitted and sliced (3 pounds); 3/4 cup sugar; 1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1/4 cup cornstarch; Juice of 1/2 lemon; 1/4 cup all-purpose flour; 1/4 cup packed light brown sugar; 1/4 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1/4 teaspoon allspice; Pinch salt; 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, cut into small cubes; 1/3 cup sliced almonds; 1 roll store-bought pie dough (recommended: Pillsbury); 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, thinly sliced | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Heat the oven to 375 degrees F. To make the filling: In a large bowl, combine the peaches, sugar, and cinnamon. Add the cornstarch to a small bowl and whisk in the lemon juice so no lumps remain. Pour the cornstarch mixture over the peaches and toss. Let the peaches sit for 15 minutes while you roll out the pie dough and make the streusel topping. To make the topping: Mix the flour, brown sugar, cinnamon, allspice, and salt in a large bowl. Blend the butter into the mixture with your fingers until it forms pea-size lumps and looks crumbly. Stir in the almonds. To <END>
INPUT: Italian, virgin olive oil, butter, cremini mushrooms, Kosher salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Ricotta, Spinach, and Ham Stuffed Chicken Breast Marsala with Pine Nut Pilaf | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: Extra-virgin olive oil, for drizzling; 4 tablespoons butter, divided; 1/2 pound cremini mushrooms, sliced; 4 boneless, skinless chicken breasts; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 3/4 cup fresh ricotta or sheep's milk ricotta; 1 box organic frozen spinach, defrosted, squeezed dry, and separated; Freshly grated nutmeg; 4 slices speck or prosciutto; Flour, for dredging; 2 cloves garlic, thinly sliced; 1/2 cup marsala wine; 1 1/2 cups chicken broth; A handful fresh flat-leaf parsley, finely chopped; Pine Nut Pilaf, for serving, recipe follows | INSTRUCTIONS: Cut 4 long pieces of kitchen twine. In a large skillet over medium-high heat, add a liberal drizzle of extra-virgin olive oil plus 2 tablespoons butter and saute the mushrooms for 8 to10 minute to darken. Meanwhile, butterfly the chicken breasts open and pound them out very thin, no more than 1/8-inch thick. Season the chicken with salt and pepper and top each piece of chicken with 2 tablespoons ricotta cheese and spread it around. Top with 1/4 of the spinach and season with freshly grated nutmeg, salt and pepper. Then top each piece of chicken with a slice of speck. Roll the chicken into bund <END>
INPUT: Mexican, chinois, salad, chicken breasts, Salt, pepper, peanut oil, Napa cabbage
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chinois Chicken Salad with Chinese Mustard Vinaigrette | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2 chicken breasts, bone-in with skin; Salt; Freshly ground black pepper; 2 tablespoons peanut oil; 1 head Napa cabbage; 1 head romaine lettuce; 1 head radicchio; Chinese Vinaigrette, recipe follows; Fried Springroll Baskets and Strips, recipe follows; 1 cup chopped roasted peanuts; Cilantro sprigs; Lime wedges; 1 egg yolk; 2 teaspoons dry Chinese mustard; 1/4 cup rice wine vinegar | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F. Season the chicken breast on both sides with salt and pepper. Heat a large saute pan over high heat. When the pan is hot, add the oil and heat to almost smoking. Add the chicken, skin side down and cook for 4 minutes. The skin should be golden brown. Turn the chicken over and place in the oven. Roast until the chicken is just cooked through and the juices run clear, about 15 to 20 minutes. While the chicken is in the oven, prepare the greens. Fill a very large bowl halfway full with ice water. Quarter the Napa cabbage lengthwise and remove the core. Thinly sl <END>
INPUT: sandwiches, tomatoes, shallots, garlic, virgin olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Rib-Eye and Roasted-Tomato Sandwiches | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 medium tomatoes, halved crosswise; 3 shallots, thinly sliced into rings; 3 garlic cloves, smashed; 1/2 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 3 (3/4-inch-thick) boneless rib-eye steaks (about 1 3/4 pound total); 8 slices sourdough bread; 2 tablespoons rice vinegar (not seasoned); 2 teaspoons sugar; 1/2 cup finely chopped cilantro; 1/2 cup finely chopped mint; 1 bunch watercress, tough stems discarded | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 500°F with rack in middle. Toss tomatoes with shallots, garlic, oil, and 1 1/2 teaspoons salt in a shallow 3-quart baking dish, then arrange tomatoes cut sides up. Roast, uncovered, basting once, until tomatoes are tender but still hold their shape and are starting to brown, 35 to 45 minutes. Cool to room temperature. While tomatoes cool, prepare grill for direct-heat cooking over hot charcoal (medium-high heat for gas). Sprinkle each steak all over with 1/4 teaspoon salt and 1/4 teaspoon pepper (total per steak). Oil grill rack, then grill steaks, covered only if using a gas g <END>
INPUT: gyros, olive oil, wine, garlic, oregano
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pork Gyros with Yogurt-Tomato Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup olive oil; 1/4 cup dry red wine; 4 cloves garlic, chopped; 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh oregano, plus more oregano for garnish; 2 (1-pound) pork tenderloins; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; Yogurt-Tomato Sauce, recipe follows; 4 grilled pita pockets, for serving; Mesclun greens or baby spinach, for serving; Thinly sliced red onions, for serving; 1 pint Greek yogurt; 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped; 1 plum tomato, seeded and finely diced; 2 tablespoons capers, drained; 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh oregano leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: Whisk together oil, wine, garlic and oregano in a baking dish. Add the pork and turn to coat. Cover and marinate in the refrigerator for at least 4 hours or overnight. Preheat grill to high. Remove pork from marinade and season with salt and pepper. Grill until golden brown on all sides and cooked to an internal temperature of 150 degrees F. Let rest 5 minutes and slice into 1/4-inch thick slices. Build gyros by drizzling each pita with the yogurt sauce, then adding mesclun, onion, and meat. Drizzle with more sauce and garnish with oregano. Combine all the ingredients, cover, and let sit in th <END>
INPUT: Indian, lychee nuts, beans, tomato, shallots, piece ginger
OUTPUT: TITLE: Shrimp and Lychee Curry | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 pound fresh lychee nuts (about 8 lychees); 1/4 pound green beans, trimmed and cut into 1-inch pieces; 1 large tomato, roughly chopped; 2 shallots, 1 sliced and 1 roughly chopped; One 2-inch piece fresh ginger, peeled and roughly chopped; 3 tablespoons vegetable oil; 1 teaspoon brown sugar; 1 teaspoon curry powder; 1/4 teaspoon cayenne pepper; Kosher salt; One 14.5-ounce can light coconut milk; 1 small Japanese eggplant, cut into 1-inch chunks; 1 red bell pepper, cut into 1/2-inch-thick strips; 3/4 pound peeled and deveined jumbo shrimp; Handful fresh basil leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: Peel the lychees, and remove the flesh from the seeds (they will break into 3 or 4 pieces, which is fine). Set aside. Bring a small pot of water to a boil. Add the beans, and cook until they are bright green and crisp-tender, about 4 minutes. Strain, and set aside to cool. Meanwhile, pulse the tomatoes, chopped shallots, ginger, 1 tablespoon of the oil, sugar, curry, cayenne and 1 teaspoon salt in a food processor until it becomes a puree. Heat the remaining 2 tablespoons oil in a medium saucepan over medium heat. Add the sliced shallots, and cook, stirring frequently, until a deep golden brow <END>
INPUT: Asian, salad, dressing, asparagus, olive oil, tangerines oranges, tangerine juice orange, rice vinegar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Asparagus Salad with Tangerine Dressing | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound asparagus, trimmed; 1 teaspoon olive oil (preferably extra-virgin); 2 large tangerines or small oranges; 1/3 cup fresh tangerine juice or orange juice; 2 teaspoons rice vinegar; 1 1/2 teaspoons oriental sesame oil; 1 1/2 teaspoons grated tangerine peel or orange peel; 1 garlic clove, pressed; 3/4 teaspoon minced peeled fresh ginger; 2 tablespoons finely chopped green onion tops; 2 tablespoons finely chopped dry-roasted peanuts | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 450°F. Place asparagus in medium bowl. Pour enough cold water over asparagus to cover; let stand 15 minutes. Drain. Spread asparagus in 13 x 9 x 2-inch baking pan; drizzle with oil. Roast asparagus until crisp-tender, turning occasionally, about 10 minutes. Transfer asparagus to platter; cool. Using sharp knife, cut peel and white pith from tangerines. Cut between membranes to release segments. Arrange tangerine segments atop asparagus. Whisk tangerine juice, vinegar, sesame oil, peel, garlic and ginger in small bowl to blend. Season dressing to taste with salt and pepper. Driz <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, salad, bacon, spinach, olives, mushrooms, jícama
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spinach Salad with Chili Pepper Dressing | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 4 bacon slices; 2 pounds spinach (about 2 large bunches); 1/2 cup pitted ripe black olives; 1/4 pound mushrooms; 1/2 pound jícama; 6 scallions; 2 hard-boiled large eggs; 1/2 to 3/4 cup Chili Pepper Dressing , or to taste; 4 ounces queso blanco cheese or feta | INSTRUCTIONS: In a skillet cook bacon over moderately low heat until crisp and transfer to paper towels to drain. Crumble bacon. Discard coarse stems from spinach and tear leaves into bite-size pieces. Quarter olives and thinly slice mushrooms. Peel jícama and cut into 1/2-cubes. Mince scallions and finely chop eggs. In a large bowl toss spinach with bacon, olives, mushrooms, jícama, and scallions. Add dressing and toss well. Crumble cheese over salad and sprinkle with eggs. In a skillet cook bacon over moderately low heat until crisp and transfer to paper towels to drain. Crumble bacon. Discard coarse stem <END>
INPUT: Asian, sauce, pilaf, uncooked rice, bell pepper, olive oil, big handfuls spinach, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Seared Tuna with Wasabi-Coconut Sauce and Roasted-Pepper Rice Pilaf | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup uncooked white rice; 1 red bell pepper; olive oil; 2 big handfuls of fresh spinach leaves that have been washed carefully; 1 garlic clove, minced; 1 tablespoon white wine vinegar; 1/4 cup unsweetened coconut milk; 2-3 tablespoons sugar; 2-3 tablespoons wasabi powder; 6- to 8-ounce cut of sashimi-grade tuna; shredded coconut and/or parsley (for garnish) | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. Make white rice according to the directions on the package . . . Set aside . . . 2. Roast the red pepper. (To do this, remove the burner on a gas stove and hold the pepper with tongs over the open flame until its skin blackens — and open your windows to let out the fumes. If you don't have a gas stove, fire up your broiler, cut the pepper in half, and place it skin-side up on a cookie sheet under the broiler. Once the skin is black, let it cool.) Set aside . . . 3. Add a tablespoon or two of olive oil to a pan, and sauté spinach with a little fresh minced garlic and some white wine vinegar  <END>
INPUT: Italian, Roma tomatoes, light balsamic vinaigrette, Parmesan, basil leaves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Balsamic Roasted Tomatoes | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 4 Roma tomatoes, thickly sliced; 2 tablespoons light balsamic vinaigrette; 2 tablespoons grated Parmesan; 1 tablespoon freshly chopped basil leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with foil. Place tomato slices on baking sheet. Brush with balsamic dressing and sprinkle Parmesan over tops. Top with chopped basil. Roast for 15 minutes. Serve hot. <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, tzatziki, arugula, lemon, oregano, dill, mint, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Marinated Lamb Shoulder Chops with Tzatziki, Arugula and Feta | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 1 lemon, zested and juiced; 3 sprigs oregano, leaves finely chopped; 3 sprigs dill, finely chopped; 3 sprigs mint, leaves cut into a chiffonade; 2 cloves garlic, smashed and finely chopped; Pinch crushed red pepper flakes; Pinch kosher salt; 1/2 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 4 thick (3/4-inch) lamb shoulder chops; 1/2 English cucumber, coarsely grated; 2 cups plain Greek yogurt; 2 cloves garlic, smashed and finely chopped; 1 tablespoon white wine vinegar; 1 small bunch dill, leaves finely chopped; 2 sprigs mint, leaves cut into chiffonade | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. For the lamb: Combine all the ingredients for the marinade, except the lamb, and whisk together to form a thick paste. Slather on the lamb chops. Marinate the chops at room temperature up to 2 hours or in the refrigerator for up to 2 days. For the tzatziki: Combine all the ingredients. Season with more salt, if necessary. Let sit for at least 1 hour at room temperature before serving. Preheat the grill to medium. When the grill is hot, brush the grates with a wire grill brush to loosen any crud. Wipe the grates with an oiled side towel to pick up any loose soot o <END>
INPUT: bars, vegetable, packets, apple juice, apple butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Apple Butter Spice Bars | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Nonstick vegetable cooking spray, Pam(R); 1 package (18.25-ounce) spice cake mix, Betty Crocker(R); 2 packets (0.74 ounce each) spiced cider drink mix, Alpine(R); 1 1/4 cups apple juice, Tree Top(R); 1 cup apple butter; 1/2 cup vegetable oil, Crisco(R); 3 eggs; 3/4 cup chopped walnuts, Diamond(R); 1/2 cup dried sliced apples, chopped, Mariani(R); 1 package (8-ounce) cream cheese, softened, Philadelphia(R); 1/4 cup packed brown sugar, C&H(R); 1/4 cup all-purpose flour | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F. Spray a 9x13-inch baking pan with cooking spray. In a large bowl, combine dry cake mix and 11?2 packets of the cider mix. Add apple juice, 1?4 cup of the apple butter, the oil, and eggs; beat with an electric mixer on low speed for 30 seconds. Scrape down sides of bowl; beat on medium speed for 2 minutes. Pour into prepared pan. Bake in preheated oven for 20 minutes. Meanwhile, in a small bowl, toss walnuts and dried apples with the remaining 1?2 packet cider mix; set aside. In a medium bowl, combine cream cheese, the remaining 3?4 cup apple butter, the brown sug <END>
INPUT: Italian, salad, loosely Italian parsley, loosely arugula, cultivated mushrooms, salt, virgin olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Italian Parsley and Arugula Salad with Mushrooms and Parmesan Curls | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup loosely packed Italian parsley leaves, washed and spun dry; 1 cup loosely packed arugula, washed and spun dry; 4 firm white cultivated mushrooms, sliced thin; Dash of salt; 1 tablespoon extra virgin olive oil; 1 1/2 teaspoons fresh lemon juice; Freshly ground black pepper; 1/4 cup thinly sliced red onions, soaked in ice water for 15 min utes and drained; Parmesan cheese, shaved with a vegetable peeler into thin curls | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large bowl toss the parsley, arugula and mushrooms with the salt. Add the oil and toss well. Add the lemon juice and toss well. Season to taste with the black pepper. Divide the salad among plates and to each portion with some of the onions and Parmesan curls.; <END>
INPUT: pigs, blanket, egg, puff pastry, fully German style, grain mustard, sauerkraut
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pigs-in-a-Blanket with Sauerkraut and Mustard | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 large egg; One 14- to 17-ounce box of puff pastry (preferably all-butter), thawed according to package directions; 2 pounds fully cooked German-style sausage such as bockwurst or bratwurst, halved lengthwise if thick, and cut into 32 pieces (about 2 1/2 inches each; 1/3 cup whole-grain mustard; 1/3 cup drained sauerkraut; Caraway seeds, for sprinkling | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 400°F. Set racks in the upper and lower thirds of the oven. Line two 13x18-inch baking sheets with parchment paper. In a small bowl, beat the egg with 1 tablespoon water. Prep the ingredients for the filling and set aside. If using a 17-ounce puff pastry package, roll each sheet to a 9x12-inch rectangle. Cut each piece lengthwise into eight 1 1/2-inch wide strips. Cut each strip crosswise into two pieces, about 4 1/2 inches long. You should have 32 pieces of pastry. Spread the center of each piece of pastry with 1/2 teaspoon mustard and top with 1/2 teaspoon sauerkraut. Bru <END>
INPUT: fondue, chicken broth, Worcestershire sauce, garlic, Gruyere
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cheddar and Hard Cider Fondue | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 (12-ounce) bottle hard cider; 3/4 cup chicken broth, homemade or low-sodium canned; 2 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce; 1 clove garlic, finely chopped; 1/2 pound Gruyere, grated; 1/2 pound sharp Vermont or New York yellow cheddar; 3 tablespoons corn starch; 1/8 to 1/4 teaspoon cayenne pepper; Salt; 1 tablespoon Bourbon, whiskey or apple jack, optional; Cooked chicken and apple sausages, chorizo, or mini hot dogs; sliced baguette or black bread, radishes, roasted shallots, roasted mushrooms or small f | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat cider, broth, Worcestershire, and garlic in a medium pot over medium heat and simmer for 5 minutes. Toss the cheeses together in a medium bowl. Sift the corn starch over the cheese, and toss to coat lightly. Using a wooden spoon, sprinkle some cheese mixture into the warm liquid and continue to stir in small amounts of cheese until it is all incorporated and the fondue is smooth and melted, about 15 minutes. Stir in cayenne, salt and Bourbon, if using. Transfer to a fondue pot or double boiler and serve with desired dippers. <END>
INPUT: stew, olive oil, bison, water, Roma tomatoes, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Roma Tomato and Bison Stew | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1 pound bison, cut into medallions; 2 cups water; 12 Roma tomatoes, cored; 12 cloves garlic, peeled; 1 3/4 cups coconut milk; 1/2 teaspoon sea salt; 1/2 teaspoon freshly cracked black pepper; 1/2 teaspoon cayenne pepper; 2 1/2 cups beef stock | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. In a stock pot on medium-high heat, add olive oil and sear bison until brown, about 5 minutes on each side. Pour in 2 cups water and cover with a lid. Reduce the heat to low and simmer until the bison is cooked and tender, about 1 hour. Cover the bottom of large baking dish with aluminum foil. Add the tomatoes and garlic and put it in the oven to bake for 35 minutes. Remove the baking dish from the oven and let cool. After it cools, add the tomatoes and garlic to a blender and blend until smooth. Pour the tomato mixture into the stock pot. Add the coconut mil <END>
INPUT: wilted, unsalted butter, onion, cabbage, salt, water
OUTPUT: TITLE: Wilted Cabbage with Mustard and Horseradish | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1 large onion, halved lengthwise and thinly sliced; 2 to 2 1/2 lb green cabbage, quartered, cored, and cut crosswise into 1/4-inch-thick strips (12 cups); 3/4 teaspoon salt; 1 cup water; 1 tablespoon coarse-grain mustard; 1 teaspoon bottled horseradish; 1 teaspoon all-purpose flour | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat butter in a 12-inch heavy skillet over moderately high heat until foam subsides, then sauté onion, stirring occasionally, until lightly browned, about 5 minutes. Stir in cabbage, salt, and 1/2 cup water and cook, covered, stirring occasionally, until cabbage is just tender, about 12 minutes. Transfer to a serving dish. Whisk together mustard, horseradish, and flour in skillet, then add remaining 1/2 cup water and whisk until combined well. Simmer 2 minutes, then stir into cabbage. Season with salt and pepper. Heat butter in a 12-inch heavy skillet over moderately high heat until foam subs <END>
INPUT: American, caramel, apples, sugar, corn syrup, unsalted butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Caramel Apples | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 8 apples; Cooking spray; 4 cups sugar; 1/4 cup corn syrup; 10 tablespoons unsalted butter, cut into pieces; 2 cups heavy cream, at room temperature; Crushed chocolate cookies, for coating | INSTRUCTIONS: Insert a wooden stick into the stem end of each apple. Coat a baking sheet with cooking spray. Make the caramel: Melt the sugar and corn syrup in a large pot over medium-high heat, stirring with a wooden spoon until combined. Don't stress if it starts to clump: It will eventually even out. Cook, swirling the pan but not stirring, until dark amber in color and a candy thermometer registers 245 degrees F, 8 to 12 minutes. Add the butter all at once, stirring until incorporated. Turn down the heat to medium and pour in the heavy cream (the mixture will foam up); whisk until smooth. Increase the h <END>
INPUT: Mexican, shredded, pineapple, tomato sauce, chili powder, light sugar, coriander, cumin
OUTPUT: TITLE: Shredded Pork and Pineapple Tacos | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: One 15-ounce can tomato sauce; 3 tablespoons chili powder; 3 tablespoons light brown sugar; 2 teaspoons ground coriander; 1 teaspoon ground cumin; One 3-pound pork shoulder (or butt), trimmed of excess fat; Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper; 5 cloves garlic, minced or grated; 2 yellow onions, diced; 1/4 cup fresh lime juice; 1/3 cup lime juice; 1/3 cup sugar; 1/3 cup red wine vinegar; 1 jalapeno, seeded and sliced; 1/2 medium red onion, thinly sliced (about 3/4 cup) | INSTRUCTIONS: For the slow-cooker shredded pork: Combine the tomato sauce, chili powder, brown sugar, coriander and cumin in the base of your slow cooker. Stir to combine and distribute the spices evenly. Sprinkle the pork with salt and pepper and place it in the slow cooker. Using tongs, turn the pork to coat it evenly in the sauce. Add in the garlic and onions, stir again. Place the lid on the slow cooker and cook until the pork is tender and beginning to fall apart, on low 8 to 10 hours or on high 4 to 6 hours. Transfer the pork to a serving bowl. Allow to cool slightly, and then shred using 2 forks, rem <END>
INPUT: gravy, Goose stock, egglant, butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Gravy for Goose | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Goose stock; 1 1/2 pound egglant, sliced; 2 tablespoons butter | INSTRUCTIONS: For the last 75 minutes of goose cooking, place sliced eggplant underneath the goose. When goose is done, remove the fat from the roasting pan and add the stock to the pan. Stir, over a high heat and reduce the liquid to desired consistency. Strain sauce into a saucepan and stir in butter to enrich. Season with salt and pepper to taste. Suggested wine: Dopff au Moulin Gewurztraminer 1996.; <END>
INPUT: brown, hollandaise, lemons, Salt, artichokes, unsalted butter, egg yolks
OUTPUT: TITLE: Artichokes with Brown Butter Hollandaise | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 lemons, halved; Salt; 4 artichokes; 1 1/2 cups/375 g unsalted butter; 4 egg yolks; Salt and freshly ground pepper; 1/2 lemon | INSTRUCTIONS: For the artichokes: Squeeze a lemon into a large pot of salted water. Throw in the rinds and bring to a boil. Meanwhile, trim the artichokes, rubbing every cut surface with the remaining lemon as you go, so they don't turn brown. Using a bread knife, cut off the stems, then snap off any tough dark green leaves around the base. Slice across the artichokes about one-third of the way down, exposing their inner core. When the water boils, put in the artichokes and boil until a bottom leaf pulls off easily and the base of the artichokes are tender to a fork, about 40 minutes. Drain. Pull the inner  <END>
INPUT: American, beef tenderloin steaks, butter, shallots, peppercorns brine, low salt chicken
OUTPUT: TITLE: Steak with Mustard and Green Peppercorns | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 6- to 7-ounce beef tenderloin steaks (each about 1 inch thick); 1 tablespoon butter; 3 tablespoons chopped shallots; 1 teaspoon drained green peppercorns in brine, chopped; 2/3 cup canned low-salt chicken broth; 2 tablespoons whole grain Dijon mustard; 2 tablespoons whipping cream; 1 1/2 tablespoons brandy | INSTRUCTIONS: Sprinkle steaks with salt and pepper. Melt butter in heavy medium skillet over medium heat. Add steaks and sauté until brown and cooked to desired doneness, about 6 minutes per side for medium-rare. Using tongs, transfer steaks to plate; tent with foil to keep warm. Add shallots and peppercorns to skillet. Sauté until shallots soften, about 2 minutes. Add broth, mustard and cream, then brandy; boil until sauce thickens enough to coat spoon, about 7 minutes. Season with salt and pepper. Cut steaks crosswise into scant 1/2-inch-thick slices. Overlap slices on 2 plates; spoon sauce alongside and  <END>
INPUT: bowla, vodka, rum, gin, Triple Sec, grape juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: The Grape Ape Bowla | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 ounces vodka; 3 ounces rum; 1 ounce gin; 2 ounces Triple Sec; 12 ounces grape juice; 12 ounces lemon lime soda; 1 cup red grapes, for garnish; 4 lime wedges, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: In large bowl or fish bowl, pour ingredients over ice, stir and garnish with grapes and lime wedges. Ladle into glasses and serve with long straws. <END>
INPUT: herbs, salt, pepper, vegetable oil, new garlic regular
OUTPUT: TITLE: Rack of Lamb with Garlic and Herbs | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 (8-rib) frenched racks of lamb (each rack 1 1/2 lb), trimmed of all but a thin layer of fat; 1 1/2 teaspoons salt; 3/4 teaspoon black pepper; 1 teaspoon vegetable oil; 1/2 head new garlic or 3 large regular garlic cloves, minced; 1/4 cup finely chopped fresh flat-leaf parsley; 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh thyme; 2 teaspoons finely chopped fresh rosemary; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/2 teaspoon black pepper; 1 1/2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; Special equipment: an instant-read thermometer | INSTRUCTIONS: Brown lamb: Heat a dry 12-inch heavy skillet over high heat until hot, at least 2 minutes. Meanwhile, pat lamb dry and rub meat all over with salt and pepper. Add oil to hot skillet, then brown racks, in 2 batches if necessary, on all sides (not ends), about 10 minutes per batch. Transfer racks to a small (13- by 9-inch) roasting pan. Heat a dry 12-inch heavy skillet over high heat until hot, at least 2 minutes. Meanwhile, pat lamb dry and rub meat all over with salt and pepper. Add oil to hot skillet, then brown racks, in 2 batches if necessary, on all sides (not ends), about 10 minutes per b <END>
INPUT: unsalted butter, garlic, Italian parsley, Salt pepper, loaf Italian French
OUTPUT: TITLE: Garlic Bread | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 stick unsalted butter; 6 cloves garlic, finely chopped; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh Italian parsley; Salt and freshly ground pepper; 1 loaf Italian or French bread, sliced 3/4 of the way through into 1/2-inch thick slices | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F. Melt the butter in a small saucepan over medium-low heat. Add the garlic and let cook for 5 minutes. Stir in the parsley and season with salt and pepper. Brush each slice of the bread with the melted garlic butter. Wrap the loaf of bread in foil and bake in the oven for 10 to 15 minutes, or until heated through. <END>
INPUT: strudel, apple cider, all purpose flour, pears, lemon juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pear Strudel | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 ( 9-ounce) box pie crust mix; 1/3 cup apple cider; 2 tablespoons all-purpose flour, for rolling; 4 pears, such as Red Bartlett; splash of lemon juice; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1/4 cup brown sugar; 1 1/2 teaspoons pumpkin pie spice, divided; 1 large egg; 2 tablespoon sugar; 1 cup heavy cream | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. In a large bowl, combine the pie crust mix and 1/3 cup cold apple cider until it forms a ball. Wrap in plastic wrap and chill one hour in the refrigerator. Peel and core the pear and chop into approximately 1/2 inch pieces, (reserve 1 cup for Round 2 Recipe Cabbage and Pear Slaw, toss with a splash of lemon juice to prevent browning) In a large skillet over medium heat, add the butter, brown sugar and pumpkin pie spice. When it is melted, add the pears. Cook until the pears are slightly softened and the liquid thickens, about 5 to 6 minutes. Let cool. On a fl <END>
INPUT: Asian, sauce, scallions, ginger, thyme, garlic, canola oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Scallion and Ginger Sauce | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1 large bunch scallions, roughly chopped; 3 ounces fresh ginger, peeled and roughly chopped; 6 thyme sprigs, picked; 1 garlic clove, crushed; 1 1/2 cups canola oil; Salt and freshly ground pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Put scallions, ginger, thyme, and garlic into food processor and chop fine. With the motor running slowly, add the oil. Season, to taste, with salt and pepper.; <END>
INPUT: Indian, snapper, Olive oil, all purpose flour, curry powder, Two fillets rock, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Curry Snapper | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: Olive oil, for sauteing fish; 1/4 cup all-purpose flour; 1 tablespoon curry powder, preferably Indonesian; Two 5- to 6-ounce fillets rock cod or other thick white fish; 1/2 white onion, sliced; 1 bell pepper, sliced; 4 to 6 ounces mushrooms, sliced; 1 clove garlic, chopped; 1/2 ounce sweet sake; 2 ounces clam juice; Steamed white rice, for serving; Soy sauce | INSTRUCTIONS: Coat a medium saute pan with the oil and place over medium-high heat. Stir together the flour and curry powder in a small bowl. Dust the rock cod fillets with the curry-flour mixture and pan-fry until golden on one side, 2 1/2 minutes. Turn the fish and add the onions, peppers, mushrooms and garlic to the pan and cook 1 1/2 minutes. Deglaze the pan by pouring in the sweet sake and clam juice. Cook to reduce the broth by a third, 2 to 3 minutes. Serve the fillets over steamed white rice, spooning the vegetables and broth over the fillets. Drizzle with soy sauce to taste. <END>
INPUT: Asian, tempura, vegetable oil, all purpose flour, baking powder, cornstarch, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Wasabi Tempura Shrimp | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 8 cups vegetable oil; 1 cup all-purpose flour; 1 tablespoon baking powder; 1 tablespoon cornstarch; 1 teaspoon salt; 1 large egg; 1/2 cup soda water; 1 teaspoon rice wine vinegar; 1/2 cup mayo; 3 tablespoons wasabi, prepared or powdered mix made to instructions; 1 pound 21/25 count shrimp, peeled and deveined; 1 lemon, juiced | INSTRUCTIONS: For the tempura: To begin, preheat the oil to 375 degrees F, and then begin the batter. In mixing bowl, mix the flour, baking powder, cornstarch and salt together, blending well. Next, add the egg and again mix. Then stir in the soda water and vinegar, and mix for final time. Keep cold until use and stir again before each use. For the sauce: In a bowl, blend the mayo and wasabi, whisking together well to form a smooth sauce. Hold cold until dressing the cooked shrimp. For the shrimp: Slice the shrimp from head to tail, forming 2 even pieces; this will yield 46 total pieces. Next, dip and evenl <END>
INPUT: Mexican, empanadas, virgin olive oil, beef steak, chorizo sausage, onion, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Beef Empanadas | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil; 1/2 pound ground beef steak; 1/4 pound fresh chorizo sausage, casing removed; 3/4 cup finely chopped onion; 2 cloves finely chopped garlic; 1/4 teaspoon ground cumin; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 1 package store-bought pie crust or your favorite pie crust recipe; 1 egg | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. In a medium-sized skillet, heat the olive oil over high heat. Add the beef, chorizo, onion, garlic, cumin, salt and pepper. Cook for 5 to 7 minutes, stirring constantly so that the ingredients are well blended. Add additional cumin, if desired, and cook for an additional 3 to 4 minutes. Set aside and let the filling cool. Roll out the pie crust dough and cut out rounds using a 3-inch cutter. Put 1 tablespoon of filling on half of the round. Fold the other half of the round over and using a fork, press down on the edge of the dough making sure it is sealed all <END>
INPUT: tempura, all purpose flour, cornstarch, baking powder, sugar, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tempura Fried String Beans | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup all-purpose flour; 1 cup cornstarch; 1 tablespoon baking powder; 1 tablespoon sugar; Pinch salt; 1 cup soda water; 1 pound string beans, washed, dried and trimmed; 1/2 cup cranberry sauce | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat oil in deep-fryer to 375 degrees F. In a large bowl add the flour, cornstarch, baking powder, sugar and salt and mix to combine. Whisk in the soda water and mix until a batter is formed. Dip the beans in the batter being sure to shake off the excess. Fry the beans in batches for 2 to 3 minutes until crispy and golden. Remove to a paper towel lined sheet tray to drain. Arrange the beans on a platter and serve with warm cranberry sauce. Cook's Note: When frying the beans, make sure the fryer basket is submerged into the oil. Drop string beans into the baske <END>
INPUT: platter, dressing, boiling potatoes, salt, lemon juice, bottled capers, Dijon mustard
OUTPUT: TITLE: Salmon Platter with Caper Dressing | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 oz small boiling potatoes; 1 1/4 teaspoons salt; 1/4 cup fresh lemon juice; 2 tablespoons drained bottled capers, rinsed and finely chopped, plus additional whole capers for sprinkling; 1 1/2 teaspoons Dijon mustard; 1 1/2 teaspoons sugar; 1/2 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 1 small red onion, halved lengthwise, then very thinly sliced crosswise; 1 firm-ripe California avocado; 1/2 seedless cucumber (usually plastic-wrapped), thinly sliced crosswise; 3/4 lb thinly sliced smoked salmon; 1/2 lb sliced pumpernickel bread, cut into triangles | INSTRUCTIONS: Peel potatoes and cut into 1/4-inch-thick slices, then transfer to a 2-quart saucepan and cover with water by 1 inch. Add 1/2 teaspoon salt and bring to a boil. Reduce heat and simmer, partially covered, until potatoes are tender, 5 to 8 minutes. Drain, then transfer to a bowl. Meanwhile, whisk together lemon juice, chopped capers, mustard, sugar, and remaining 3/4 teaspoon salt until sugar and salt are dissolved, then whisk in oil until emulsified. Toss potatoes gently with 1/4 cup dressing. Toss onion with 1/4 cup dressing in another bowl and let stand 5 minutes. Peel and pit avocado, then c <END>
INPUT: flourless, cake, semisweet chocolate, coffee liqueur, vanilla extract, eggs
OUTPUT: TITLE: Flourless Chocolate Cake with Coffee Liqueur | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound semisweet chocolate, chopped; 1 cup (2 sticks) unsalted butter; 1/4 cup coffee liqueur; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; 7 large eggs, room temperature; 1 cup sugar; Powdered sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350°F. Butter 9-inch-diameter springform pan with 2 3/4-inch-high sides. Line bottom of pan with parchment paper. Stir chocolate, butter, coffee liqueur, and vanilla in heavy large saucepan over low heat until melted and smooth. Cool to lukewarm. Using electric mixer, beat eggs and 1 cup sugar in large bowl until thick and pale, and slowly dissolving ribbon forms when beaters are lifted, about 6 minutes. Fold 1/3 of egg mixture into lukewarm chocolate mixture. Fold remaining egg mixture into chocolate mixture. Place prepared pan on baking sheet. Transfer batter to prepared pan. <END>
INPUT: American, mousse, cake, bittersweet, peanut butter chips, heavy cream, creamy peanut butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tagalongs Girl Scout Cookie Mousse Cake | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 ounces bittersweet (not unsweetened) or semisweet chocolate, coarsely chopped; 1 (6.5-ounce) box Tagalongs/Peanut Butter Patties Girl Scout cookies; 1 1/2 cups peanut butter chips (about 9 ounces); 2 1/2 cups plus 2 tablespoons heavy cream; 3 tablespoons creamy peanut butter (not natural, old-fashioned, or freshly ground); 1 1/2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract; 3 tablespoons sugar; Equipment: 1 (9- by 5-inch) loaf pan; plastic wrap; stand mixer fitted with the whisk attachment | INSTRUCTIONS: Line a 9- by 5-inch loaf pan with plastic wrap, making sure the plastic is tucked into the corners and leaving at least a 2-inch overhang on all sides. In a dry metal bowl set over a pan of barely simmering water, melt the chocolate, stirring until smooth. Let cool slightly. Spread a small amount of melted chocolate on the rounded side of 9 cookies and place 3 of them, chocolate side down, on the bottom of the pan, in a row. Place another 3 cookies against each long side of the pan with the chocolate-coated sides facing the pan. Place the pan in the freezer. In a small saucepan over low heat,  <END>
INPUT: smoothie, milk, Greek yogurt, pure vanilla extract, banana
OUTPUT: TITLE: Papaya-Banana Smoothie | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup milk; 1/4 cup Greek yogurt; 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract; 1 small ripe banana, peeled and sliced; 1/2 large, ripe papaya, peeled, seeded and chopped; 1 cup ice cubes | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Combine the milk, yogurt, vanilla, banana, papaya and ice cubes in a blender and blend until smooth. Pour into a large glass. <END>
INPUT: tartlets, Butter greasing baking, puff pastry sheet, egg, prunes, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sugar-Glazed Prune Tartlets | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Butter for greasing baking sheet; 1 frozen puff pastry sheet (from a 17 1/4-oz package), thawed; 1 egg white, lightly beaten; 27 pitted prunes (sometimes called dried plums; 1/2 lb); 1 tablespoon sugar; 1/4 teaspoon cinnamon | INSTRUCTIONS: Put oven rack in upper third of oven and preheat oven to 425°F. Butter a baking sheet. Unfold pastry sheet and cut into 9 (3-inch) squares, then arrange squares on baking sheet. Lightly brush squares with some of egg white. Toss prunes in remaining egg white. Arrange 3 prunes in center of each square, letting excess egg drip off and leaving about a 1/2-inch border around edge. Stir together sugar and cinnamon and sprinkle over tartlets. Bake until pastry is puffed and golden brown, 10 to 15 minutes. Transfer tartlets to a rack and cool to warm, about 10 minutes. Put oven rack in upper third of <END>
INPUT: Mexican, guacamole, avocado, corn, onion, cilantro, lime juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Corn Guacamole | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 3 avocado, peeled, seeded and coarsely chopped; 2 ears corn, roasted and kernels removed; 1/2 red onion, finely chopped; 1/4 cup coarsely chopped cilantro; 1/4 cup fresh lime juice; 2 tablespoons creme fraiche; Salt and freshly ground pepper; Blue corn tortilla chips | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine the avocados, corn, onion, cilantro, lime juice, and creme fraiche in a bowl and mix well. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Serve with tortilla chips. <END>
INPUT: sparkling, water, sugar, tea bags, tamarind paste
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sparkling Tamarind Tea | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup water; 3/4 cup sugar; 3 black tea bags; 1 tablespoon tamarind paste | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine the water and sugar in a small saucepan. Bring to a boil, then remove from the heat, add the tea bags, and let steep for 5 minutes. Remove the tea bags, and pour 1/3 cup of the hot tea into a separate bowl. Add the tamarind paste, stir to dissolve, and then strain the mixture back into the tea. Let the syrup cool to room temperature. This syrup will keep in the refrigerator for up to 2 months. Combine the water and sugar in a small saucepan. Bring to a boil, then remove from the heat, add the tea bags, and let steep for 5 minutes. Remove the tea bags, and pour 1/3 cup of the hot tea in <END>
INPUT: American, soup, butter, leeks, potatoes, water, Salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Potato Cheese Soup | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons butter; 3 cups leeks, sliced; 4 cups potatoes, peeled and diced; 8 cups water; Salt and pepper; 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard; 1 cup grated Cheddar cheese; 1/2 cup heavy cream | INSTRUCTIONS: In large pot melt butter. Add leeks and cook over medium heat, stirring occasionally. Add potatoes and season with salt and pepper. Add water and bring to a simmer. Cook until vegetables are tender. Place 3/4 of soup into a blender and puree, return to pot and bring to simmer. Add mustard and cheese. Stir until smooth. Add cream and bring to simmer. Pour into bowl and serve. <END>
INPUT: fennel bulbs, onions, fruity olive oil, Salt pepper, wine
OUTPUT: TITLE: Polenta with Leeks and Gorgonzola | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 large white fennel bulbs; 3 large yellow onions; 5 tablespoons fruity green olive oil; Salt and pepper; 2/3 cup dry red wine; 2 very large leeks, white only (about 1 1/2 cups, sliced); 1 teaspoon butter; 6 to 7 cups any low-fat vegetable broth; 1 cup coarse or regular polenta (yellow cornmeal); 3 ounces Gorgonzola; Chopped flat-leaf parsley leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: Trim the fennel bulbs, wash them well, cut them in 1/2lengthwise, and then slice them about 1/4 inch thick. Peel the onions and slice them the same way. Heat 3 tablespoons of the olive oil in a large non-stick pan and cook the fennel and onions in it slowly, stirring often, adding a little salt and pepper, to taste, until they are completely soft and golden brown. Stir in the wine, and continue cooking until almost all the liquid is gone, then set the pan aside. Clean the leeks thoroughly, cut them in 1/2 lengthwise, then slice them quite thinly crosswise. Heat the remaining olive oil and the  <END>
INPUT: American, skins, cheese, russet potatoes, vegetable olive oil, Kosher salt pepper, bacon, unsalted butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Potato Skins with Beer Cheese | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 6 small russet potatoes (about 2 pounds), scrubbed and pricked all over with a fork; 1 tablespoon vegetable or olive oil; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 4 slices bacon; 1 1/2 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted; 2 cups shredded sharp yellow Cheddar (about 6 ounces); 1/2 teaspoon cornstarch; 1/2 cup lager or pilsner beer; 1/4 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce; Pinch dried mustard; Pinch cayenne pepper; 3 scallions, chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Rub the potatoes with the oil and sprinkle lightly with salt and pepper. Place the potatoes on a baking sheet and bake until the skins are slightly crisp and the inside is tender and can be easily pierced with a paring knife, about 45 minutes. (Leave the oven on.) Meanwhile, put the bacon in a cold medium skillet and cook over medium heat, turning occasionally, until crisp and brown, about 10 minutes. Drain briefly on paper towels, then transfer to a cutting board and chop finely. Halve the potatoes lengthwise and scoop out most of the potato flesh, leaving a <END>
INPUT: broccoli more broccoli, sea salt pepper, olive oil, onion, marjoram oregano
OUTPUT: TITLE: Braised Broccoli with Olives | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 small heads broccoli or 1 1/2 or more pounds broccoli sprouts; sea salt and freshly ground pepper; 1/4 cup olive oil; 1 onion; 1 tablespoon chopped marjoram or oregano; 3 garlic cloves, coarsely chopped; 2 tablespoons olive paste or finely chopped Gaeta olives; grated zest of 1/2 lemon | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. Separate the stalks from the broccoli crowns. Thickly peel and trim the stalks and chop them into 1/2-inch pieces. Peel the base of the broccoli crowns, then separate them into florets. 2. Bring 2 quarts water to a boil; add salt, then the broccoli. Cook for 5 minutes (even if the water barely returns to the boil), then scoop into a colander to drain, reserving a cup of the water. Chop into small pieces just smaller than bite-sized. 3. Warm the olive oil in a wide skillet, then add the onion, marjoram, and garlic. Cook over medium-low heat, stirring now and then, until the onion is softened <END>
INPUT: sliders, butter, onions, pepper, kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Beef and Ground Pork Sliders | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 ounces butter; 1 cup yellow onions, thinly sliced; 1 teaspoon white pepper; 2 teaspoons kosher salt, divided; 12 ounces (80/20) ground beef; 12 ounces ground pork; 1 teaspoon black pepper; 1/4 cup equal parts mayonnaise and mustard; 1 teaspoon lemon juice; 1 cup thinly shredded romaine hearts; 12 slices cheese of choice (Gruyere, baby Swiss, or Gloucester); 12 petit buns (2 to 2 1/2 inches), toasted | INSTRUCTIONS: In a saute pan over high heat, add the butter, onions, white pepper and 1 teaspoon salt, and cook over high heat until the butter has melted. Reduce the heat to medium and finish cooking the onions until slightly browned on the edges, 7 to 8 minutes. Mix the beef, pork, remaining 1 teaspoon salt, and black pepper in a bowl. Do not over mix or the burger will be too tightly bound. Portion the meat into 12 (2-ounce) balls, then flatten the balls into patties about 2 1/2 inches round. Preheat a grill and grill the burgers for 4 to 5 minutes on each side, or until the internal temperature reaches  <END>
INPUT: American, peaches, sugar, ketchup, apple cider vinegar, soy sauce
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Pork Loin with Peach BBQ Sauce | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 4 cups peaches, peeled and sliced; 1 cup brown sugar; 2/3 cup ketchup; 2/3 cup apple cider vinegar; 1/4 cup soy sauce; 2 tablespoons garlic, minced; 2 tablespoons ginger, minced; One 2 1/2-pound boneless pork loin roast; Kosher salt and cracked black pepper; 1/4 cup low-sodium chicken stock; 1 1/2 pounds small Yukon gold potatoes; Kosher salt; 1/2 cup half-and-half; 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted; 1/2 cup cream cheese, softened | INSTRUCTIONS: For the pork and peach bbq sauce: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Combine the peaches, brown sugar, ketchup, vinegar, soy sauce, garlic and ginger in a food processor or blender. Pat the pork dry with paper towels and sprinkle liberally with salt and pepper. Reserve half (about 2 cups) of the peach BBQ sauce and set aside. Transfer the pork, fat-side up, to a rack over a heavy-bottomed roasting pan and brush the rest of the sauce all over the pork. Add the stock to the bottom of the roasting pan. Roast the pork until a meat thermometer inserted into the thickest part reads 140 degrees F, ab <END>
INPUT: syrup, peppercorns, wine, water
OUTPUT: TITLE: Figs in Red-Wine Syrup | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 (3- by 1/2-inch strips) fresh lemon zest; 1 (1 1/2-inch) cinnamon stick; 6 black peppercorns; 1 1/2 cups dry red wine; 1/2 cup water; 1/4 cup sugar; 1 cup dried figs (1/2 lb; preferably Calimyrna), trimmed and each fig cut lengthwise into 3 slices; 3 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; Special equipment: kitchen string; a 4-inch square of cheesecloth | INSTRUCTIONS: Tie zest, cinnamon, and peppercorns together in a cheesecloth bag. Bring wine, water, sugar, and cheesecloth bag to a boil in a 1 1/2-quart heavy saucepan, stirring until sugar is dissolved. Boil syrup until reduced to about 1 1/2 cups, 8 to 10 minutes. Add figs and simmer, covered, until soft and plump, 25 to 30 minutes. Discard cheesecloth bag and stir lemon juice into fig mixture. Cool at least 1 hour, then serve warm or at room temperature. Tie zest, cinnamon, and peppercorns together in a cheesecloth bag. Bring wine, water, sugar, and cheesecloth bag to a boil in a 1 1/2-quart heavy sauce <END>
INPUT: Asian, Moscato wine other, Simple Syrup, cinnamon, honey, piece ginger
OUTPUT: TITLE: Poached Pears in Honey, Ginger and Cinnamon Syrup | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: One 750-ml bottle Moscato wine or other sweet dessert wine; 2 cups Simple Syrup, recipe follows; 1 cinnamon stick, broken in 1/2; 2 tablespoons honey; One 3/4-inch piece fresh ginger, peeled, and finely chopped; 1 vanilla bean, split lengthwise; 6 small, firm, ripe Anjou pears, peeled; Serving suggestion: Vanilla ice cream or gelato; 2 cups sugar; 2 cups water | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. In a saucepan large enough to hold all the pears, combine the wine, Simple Syrup, cinnamon stick halves, honey, and ginger. Scrape in the seeds from the vanilla bean and add the bean and seeds to the saucepan. Bring the mixture to a simmer, stirring occasionally, until the honey has melted. Add the pears and simmer for 15 to 20 minutes, turning occasionally, until the pears are tender. Remove the pears from the liquid and allow to cool. Continue to simmer the liquid until it thickens and is reduced by half, about 15 to 20 minutes. Cool to room temperature. Remove <END>
INPUT: burgers, sirloin, shallot, thyme leaves, Worcestershire sauce, smoked Hungarian paprika
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sirloin Burgers on Bed of Lettuce with Grilled Shrimp and Horseradish Chili Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 pounds ground sirloin; 1 large shallot, finely chopped; 2 tablespoons fresh thyme leaves, chopped; 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce; 1 teaspoon smoked Hungarian paprika or 2 teaspoons ground cumin – eyeball it; 2 teaspoons grill seasoning (recommended: Montreal Steak Seasoning by McCormick) or coarse salt and black pepper; 8 jumbo peeled, deveined shrimp, 6 to 8 count; Extra-virgin olive oil, for drizzling; 1 tablespoon chopped parsley leaves; 1 lemon, zested; 2 cloves garlic, chopped; 2 rounded tablespoons prepared horseradish; 1 cup chili sauce; 1/2 head iceberg lettuce, cored and quartered | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat grill pan or outdoor grill to high. Combine beef, shallot, thyme, Worcestershire, smoked paprika or cumin, and grill seasoning. Combine and divide meat into 4 portions. Form large patties about 1 1/4 inches thick. Coat beef patties with a drizzle of extra-virgin olive oil. Cook 3 to 4 minutes preside for medium rare, 6 to 7 minutes per side for medium well to well doneness. Cut shrimp along deveining line and "butterfly" them open a little. Be careful not to cut all the way through the shrimp. Leave tails in tact. Place shrimp in a shallow dish. Coat shrimp in extra-virgin olive oil. S <END>
INPUT: Mexican, cupcakes, gluten free flour, granulated sugar, cocoa powder, baking powder, chipotle powder
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chipotle Dark Chocolate Cupcakes | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup gluten-free flour mix; 3/4 cup granulated sugar; 1/2 cup cocoa powder; 1 teaspoon baking powder; 1/2 teaspoon chipotle powder; 1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1/2 teaspoon sea salt; 1/2 teaspoon xanthan gum; 1 1/4 cups soy milk; 1/2 cup canola oil; 1/4 cup espresso; 1 tablespoon vanilla extract; 1 tablespoon vinegar; 1 chipotle dark chocolate bar, cut into 12 large chunks; 8 cups powdered sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: For the cupcakes: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line a standard cupcake or muffin pan with 12 cupcake liners. In medium bowl, whisk together with an electric mixer or hand whisk the flour mix, granulated sugar, cocoa, baking powder, chipotle powder, cinnamon, salt and xanthan gum until well integrated. Add in the soy milk, oil, espresso, vanilla and vinegar, and mix until smooth. Fill the cupcake liners three-quarters-full with batter. Place 1 chunk of chipotle chocolate into the center of each cupcake and bake until baked through, 13 to 15 minutes. Cool the cupcakes completely. For the b <END>
INPUT: American, tony, scallions, garlic, soy sauce, lime juice, olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tony's Steak | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 6 scallions, thinly sliced (white and pale-green parts only); 1 garlic clove, chopped; 1/3 cup soy sauce; 2 tablespoons fresh lime juice; 1 tablespoon olive oil; 1 tablespoon (packed) light brown sugar; 1 teaspoon hot pepper sauce; 1 teaspoon toasted sesame oil; 1 2-pound flank steak; Kosher salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine scallions and next 7 ingredients in a large resealable plastic bag and mix well. Add steak; seal bag, pressing out excess air. Turn steak to coat. Refrigerate overnight, turning bag occasionally. Build a medium-hot fire in a charcoal grill, or heat a gas grill to high. Remove steak from bag; wipe off excess marinade. Season both sides lightly with salt. Grill steak until well browned, about 6 minutes per side for medium-rare. Transfer to a cutting board and let rest for 10 minutes. Slice thinly against the grain. Combine scallions and next 7 ingredients in a large resealable plastic ba <END>
INPUT: Mexican, tequila, lemons, Olive oil, Salt pepper, chicken breasts
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tequila Lemon Chicken Breast | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 liter tequila; 10 lemons; Olive oil; Salt and pepper; 10 boneless chicken breasts; Dried tarragon; Dried rosemary; 1 or 2 large plastic containers (recommended: Tupperware) | INSTRUCTIONS: Pour tequila into the plastic containers. Squeeze juice from 10 or more lemons into the containers. Add some olive oil, and salt and pepper. Place the chicken breasts in the marinade and let marinate overnight in the refrigerator. The next day, preheat grill to high and place chicken breasts on grill. Prepare bowl of olive oil mixed with tarragon and rosemary, to taste, and brush onto chicken while grilling. Cook each side for about 10 to 15 minutes each. <END>
INPUT: Asian, year, precooked shrimp, sesame seed oil, low sodium soy, rice wine vinegar, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: New Year Shrimp | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound precooked cold large shrimp; 2 tablespoons toasted sesame seed oil; 2 tablespoons low-sodium soy sauce; 2 tablespoons rice wine vinegar; 1 tablespoon grated garlic; 1 Fresno chile, finely chopped; 1 small handful fresh cilantro leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: Place the shrimp in a large bowl. In a separate bowl, mix the oil, soy sauce, vinegar and garlic together. Pour the sauce over the shrimp. Add the red chiles and mix well. Chill for 20 minutes. Before serving, transfer to a serving plate and garnish with cilantro leaves. <END>
INPUT: Italian, vegetarian, casserole, vegetable broth, canola oil, onion, pearl barley, wine
OUTPUT: TITLE: Vegetarian Barley Casserole with Sun-dried Tomato and Basil Pesto | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 6 cups vegetable broth; 1/8 cup canola oil; 1 small onion, minced; 1 1/2 cups pearl barley, about 1 pound (or use Arborio rice for a gluten-free dish); 1/2 cup dry white wine; 1/4 cup ricotta cheese; 1/4 cup (about 2 ounces) crumbled goat cheese; 2 cups fresh basil leaves, packed; 1/2 cup pine nuts, roasted; 3 garlic cloves, finely minced; 1/2 cup grated Parmesan; 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil; Freshly ground black pepper; 1 cup sun-dried tomatoes (from a jar, or if dehydrated soaked in warm water); 6 sprigs fresh basil | INSTRUCTIONS: For the risotto: Bring vegetable broth to a simmer. In a separate large saucepan on an adjacent burner, heat the oil and saute onion until it is translucent. Add barley (or rice) and lightly saute to toast the barley. Add wine and stir for about 2 minutes until it is absorbed. Begin slowly adding broth, 1 ladle-full at a time, to the barley pan, stirring as you go. The friction of the stirring will bring out the starch in the barley. As the mixture absorbs the broth, ladle more into the pot. When all of the broth has been ladled into the barley pot, slowly simmer until barley is soft and cream <END>
INPUT: boat, salad, cranberry sauce, horseradish, oil, scallops, Salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pan Seared Day Boat Scallops over Sprout Salad with Cranberry Horseradish Dipping Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 8 ounces cranberry sauce; 1 tablespoon horseradish; 2 tablespoons oil; 8 ounces medium scallops; Salt and pepper; 1 cup alpha sprouts; Snow pea shoots, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: In a small bowl, combine cranberry sauce and horseradish. Refrigerate until ready to serve. Heat oil in a medium saute pan over medium-high heat. Season scallops with salt and pepper. When oil is hot, add scallops and sear on both sides until browned. Remove from heat, but keep warm. Divide sprouts among 2 plates, and make a bird's nest on each plate with the sprouts. Spoon cranberry sauce mixture into the center of the bird's nest. Garnish with snow pea shoots. Place scallops around the bird's nest and serve immediately. <END>
INPUT: spiced, cookies, all purpose flour, old fashioned oats, cinnamon, baking soda, fine salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spiced Pumpkin-Raisin Cookies | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup all-purpose flour; 2/3 cup old-fashioned oats; 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1/2 teaspoon baking soda; 1/2 teaspoon fine salt; 1/4 teaspoon ground allspice; 3/4 cup raw sugar, plus additional for sprinkling; 1/2 cup canned pumpkin puree; 1/3 cup vegetable oil; 1 tablespoon pure maple syrup; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; 1/2 cup raisins | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Position a rack in the center of the oven and preheat to 350 degrees F. Line 2 heavy large baking sheets with parchment paper. In a medium bowl, combine the flour, oats, cinnamon, baking soda, salt and allspice. Stir to blend well. In a large bowl, combine the sugar, pumpkin puree, oil, syrup and vanilla; whisk to blend. Using a flexible rubber spatula, gradually stir the dry ingredients into the pumpkin mixture. Stir in the raisins. For each cookie, drop 1 generous tablespoon of batter onto the prepared baking sheet, spacing the mounds about 1 inch apart (or use <END>
INPUT: spiced, almonds, hot paprika, rosemary, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spiced Almonds | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup/150 g whole almonds, with their skins; 1 teaspoon toasted, ground cumin seed; 1 teaspoon hot paprika; 2 teaspoons chopped fresh rosemary; 2 teaspoons brown sugar; 2 teaspoons olive oil; Fleur de sel (sea salt) | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat the oven to 400 degrees F. Spread the almonds on a baking sheet and toast until darkened and fragrant. Remove and spill into a saute pan. Add the cumin, hot paprika, rosemary, and sugar. Toss the mixture over heat to coat with the oil. Add the fleur de sel and spill onto a baking sheet to cool. Store the spiced nuts in a jar. <END>
INPUT: Lemon pepper, ketchup, mustard, prawns
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Prawns | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Lemon pepper, to taste; 1 tablespoon ketchup; 2 tablespoons mustard; 2 pounds prawns | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine the first 3 ingredients. Add the prawns and marinate for about 35 to 40 minutes. Grill prawns until just pink. Serve immediately. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, Cornish hens poussins, Aaron's Achiote Paste, Aaron's Chorizo, garlic, carrot
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Cornish Hens with Chorizo Cornbread Stuffing | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2 Cornish hens or poussins (about 1 1/2 pounds each); 1 cup Aaron's Achiote Paste, recipe follows; 1 pound Aaron's Chorizo, recipe follows (store-bought is fine); 3 cloves garlic, finely chopped; 1 medium carrot, finely chopped; 1 celery stalk, finely chopped; 1 medium white onion, finely chopped; 2 cups coarsely crumbled cornbread; 1/4 cup chopped fresh cilantro; 1/2 cup chicken stock (low-sodium store-bought is fine); 1/2 cup freshly squeezed lime juice; 1/2 cup freshly squeezed orange juice; 1/4 cup olive oil; 2 tablespoons achiote paste; 2 teaspoons dried whole oregano (preferably Mexican) or dried marjoram | INSTRUCTIONS: For the Cornish hens: The night before you plan to cook, rub the chickens all over with Aaron's Achiote Paste (underneath the skin, on the skin, inside the cavities). Let them marinate, covered, overnight in the refrigerator. Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. For the stuffing: Heat a large skillet over medium heat. Cook Aaron's Chorizo, breaking it up with a spoon and stirring occasionally as it cooks, until it begins to brown, about 5 minutes. Add the garlic, carrots, celery and onions and cook, stirring occasionally, until the vegetables have browned, about 10 minutes. Add the cornbread and <END>
INPUT: Mexican, dressing, olive oil, grain Dijon mustard, navel oranges, lime, wine vinegar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Edamame and Scallion Slaw with Orange Lime Dressing | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup olive oil; 1 tablespoon whole-grain Dijon mustard; 2 large navel oranges, juiced; 1 lime, juiced; 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar; Salt and freshly ground pepper; 2 (1-pound) packages prepared slaw mix; 1 pound edamame, shelled, boiled in salted water for 3 to 5 minutes and drained; 1 bunch scallions (about 6), thinly sliced | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine dressing ingredients in a bowl and whisk to combine. Combine slaw, edamame and scallions in a serving bowl. Toss with dressing and serve. If not serving immediately, cover salad with a moist paper towel or clean kitchen towel and refrigerate until ready to serve. Dress salad just before serving. <END>
INPUT: unsalted butter, crisp apples, onion, caraway seeds, Kosher salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Paprika Pork Scallopini with Sauerkraut and Apples | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 tablespoons unsalted butter; 2 crisp cooking apples (such as Gala, Cameo or Golden Delicious), sliced; 1 medium onion, sliced; 1/2 teaspoon caraway seeds; Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper; 1 pound sauerkraut, rinsed, drained and squeezed dry; 1/2 cup apple cider; 1/2 cup chicken stock; 8 pork scallopini or thin cutlets (about 11/2 pounds); 2 teaspoons paprika; 1/4 cup chopped fresh parsley | INSTRUCTIONS: Melt 2 tablespoons butter in a large skillet over medium heat. Add the apples, onion, caraway seeds, 1/4 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of pepper. Cook, stirring occasionally, until the apples start browning around the edges, about 4 minutes. Add the sauerkraut and cook until the excess liquid evaporates, about 2 minutes. Add the apple cider and chicken stock and bring to a simmer. Reduce the heat to medium low and cook until the apples and onion soften, about 8 minutes. Meanwhile, season the pork with the paprika, 1 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of pepper. Melt the remaining 2 tablespoons bu <END>
INPUT: dressing, Bibb lettuce, garlic, lemon juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Bibb Lettuce with Butter Dressing | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 pound Bibb lettuce (about 4 heads) or Boston lettuce (about 1 head); 1 garlic clove; 1/2 stick (1/4 cup) unsalted butter; 4 teaspoons fresh lemon juice | INSTRUCTIONS: Separate lettuce leaves and put in a large bowl. Halve garlic and in a small heavy skillet heat with butter over moderate heat, stirring occasionally, until garlic is golden and butter has a slight nutty aroma, about 3 minutes. Remove skillet from heat and discard garlic. Add lemon juice and salt and pepper to taste, swirling skillet to incorporate (butter will foam). Pour warm dressing over lettuce and toss to coat. Serve salad immediately. Separate lettuce leaves and put in a large bowl. Halve garlic and in a small heavy skillet heat with butter over moderate heat, stirring occasionally, unt <END>
INPUT: tarts, California apricots, sugar, apricot preserves, almond extract, Master Sweet Dough
OUTPUT: TITLE: Apricot-Anise Tarts | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups dried California apricots (9 ounces); 3/4 cup sugar, divided; 1/2 cup apricot preserves; 1 1/4 teaspoons almond extract, divided; Master Sweet Dough; 1 1/2 teaspoons whole aniseed; 1 large egg; Powdered sugar (for dusting); 1 cup chilled heavy cream | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine apricots and 2 cups water in a large heavy saucepan. Bring to a boil, reduce heat to medium, and simmer, stirring and mashing apricots occasionally, until fruit is very soft and broken down and most of liquid is evaporated, about 15 minutes. Add 1/2 cup sugar; stir until dissolved. Remove from heat and stir in preserves and 1 teaspoon almond extract. Let cool completely. DO AHEAD: Can be made 3 days ahead. Cover and chill. Follow directions for Master Sweet Dough, adding aniseed as directed. Punch down dough; divide in half. Place half of dough in the center of a 12"-square piece of pa <END>
INPUT: Italian, fall, grain, mixed colored peppercorns, virgin olive oil, prosciutto
OUTPUT: TITLE: Whole-Grain Spaghetti with Pecorino, Prosciutto and Pepper (Fall) | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound whole-grain (or whole-wheat) spaghetti; 2 tablespoons mixed colored peppercorns, coarsely ground; 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 1 1/2 cups grated (6 ounces) pecorino; 6 ounces thinly sliced prosciutto, chopped; 1/4 cup chopped fresh flat-leaf parsley; 1/4 cup chopped fresh basil leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil over high heat. Add the pasta and cook until tender but still firm to the bite, stirring occasionally, about 8 to 10 minutes. While the pasta is cooking: Heat a small, heavy-bottomed skillet over medium-high heat. Add the peppercorns and toast for about 20 to 30 seconds. Add the oil and cook for 1 minute. Remove the pan from the heat. Drain the pasta reserving about 1/2 cup of the pasta water. Transfer the spaghetti to a large serving bowl. Add 1 cup of the pecorino and toss to combine, gradually adding reserved pasta w <END>
INPUT: granita, sugar, lime juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Watermelon Granita | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 cups (1 3/4 pounds) cubed seedless watermelon (from a 4 pound melon); 1/2 cup sugar; 1 tablespoon fresh lime juice | INSTRUCTIONS: Purée all ingredients in a blender until smooth. Pour into a 9x9x2" metal baking pan. Freeze mixture for 1 hour. Stir, mashing any frozen parts with the back of a fork. Cover and freeze mixture until firm, about 2 hours. Using a fork, scrape granita vigorously to form icy flakes. DO AHEAD: Can be made 3 days ahead. Cover tightly with foil and keep frozen. Give it a quick scrape before serving. Purée all ingredients in a blender until smooth. Pour into a 9x9x2" metal baking pan. Freeze mixture for 1 hour. Stir, mashing any frozen parts with the back of a fork. Cover and freeze mixture until fir <END>
INPUT: good olive oil, lemon, lemon juice, rosemary leaves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Leg of Lamb | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 pounds (2 pints) plain yogurt (regular or low-fat); 1/2 cup good olive oil, plus more for brushing grill; 1 lemon, zested; 1/2 cup freshly squeezed lemon juice (3 lemons); 3/4 cup fresh whole rosemary leaves (2 large bunches); 2 teaspoons kosher salt; 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 1 (5-pound) butterflied leg of lamb (9 pounds bone-in) | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine the yogurt, olive oil, lemon zest and juice, rosemary, salt, and pepper in a large non-reactive bowl. Add the lamb, making sure it is covered with marinade. Marinate in the refrigerator, covered, overnight or for up to 3 days. Bring the lamb to room temperature. Prepare a charcoal grill with hot coals. Scrape the marinade off the lamb, wipe the meat with paper towels, and season it generously with salt and pepper. Brush the grill with oil to keep the lamb from sticking, and grill on both sides until the internal temperature is 120 to 125 degrees for rare. This will take 40 minutes to 1 <END>
INPUT: American, shepherd, onion, Neelys' BBQ Sauce, garlic, fire roasted tomatoes, trimmed flat
OUTPUT: TITLE: BBQ Brisket Shepherd's Pie | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 large onion, roughly chopped; 1/2 cup Neelys' BBQ Sauce, recipe follows; 4 cloves garlic, roughly chopped; One 14-ounce can fire-roasted diced tomatoes; 2 pounds trimmed flat, first-cut brisket; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 12 ounces dark beer; 3/4 cup low-sodium chicken broth; 2 cups frozen peas; 2 1/2 pounds baking potatoes, peeled and cubed; 1/2 cup whole milk; 4 tablespoons butter; 2 cups ketchup; 1/2 cup apple cider vinegar | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Add the Neelys' BBQ Sauce, garlic, onions and diced tomatoes to a food processor and blend until smooth. Sprinkle the brisket on both sides with salt and pepper. Heat a large Dutch oven over medium-high heat. Add the oil and once hot, add the brisket and brown, 5 minutes per side. Transfer the brisket to a plate. Pour the beer into the Dutch oven, scraping up any browned bits on the bottom of the pan. Stir in the chicken broth and pureed tomato mixture. Add the brisket back into the pot and bring to a simmer. Cover with a lid and transfer to the oven until th <END>
INPUT: American, enchiladas, corn tortillas, Chile Tomato Sauce, Goat Cheese Filling, Monterey jack, cilantro leaves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Goat Cheese Enchiladas | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 12 blue corn tortillas; Red Chile-Tomato Sauce, recipe follows; Goat Cheese Filling, recipe follows; 8 ounces Monterey jack, grated; 3 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro leaves; Sour cream, for garnish; Chopped green onions, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat oven to 375 degrees F. Dip tortillas in chile sauce to lightly coat both sides. Spoon about 2 tablespoons of the goat cheese filling on each tortilla and roll up. Spread 1/2 cup of the tomato-chile sauce into a medium, deep casserole dish. Arrange rolled tortillas in the casserole so they fit snugly. Repeat with remaining tortillas. Pour 1 1/2 cups of the sauce over the enchiladas and top with the grated cheese. Bake for 20 to 30 minutes or until the enchiladas are heated through. Remove from the oven and sprinkle with chopped cilantro. Garnish with sour  <END>
INPUT: cured, salad, kosher salt, sugar, fennel fronds, gin aquavit, piece skin salmon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cured Salmon with Fennel and Carrot Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/4 cups kosher salt; 1/2 cup sugar; 1/2 cup chopped fennel fronds; 1/4 cup gin or aquavit; 1 1 1/2-pound piece skin-on salmon fillet; 2 medium carrots, peeled, very thinly sliced; 1 medium fennel bulb, very thinly sliced, plus 1 tablespoon chopped fennel fronds; 1 lemon, very thinly sliced; 3 tablespoon olive oil; 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice; Kosher salt; 1 cup plain Greek yogurt; Fennel flowers or fennel pollen (optional) | INSTRUCTIONS: Salmon: Mix salt, sugar, fennel fronds, and gin in a medium bowl (mixture should feel like wet sand). Spread half of salt mixture in a shallow baking dish. Place salmon on top and cover with remaining salt mixture. Press a sheet of plastic wrap over salmon and place a smaller dish or heavy pan on top (it should be small enough to fit inside the dish so it rests directly on top of salmon). Add a couple of heavy cans to empty baking dish to weigh down salmon. Chill, turning occasionally, until flesh is firm and slightly darkened in color, 1-2 days. Rinse salmon and pat dry. Do ahead: Salmon can  <END>
INPUT: fire, olive oil, seasoned salt, lemon pepper, butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fire Broiled Trout | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 (8 to 10-inch) whole trout; 3 tablespoons olive oil; 2 teaspoons seasoned salt; 2 teaspoons lemon pepper; 4 tablespoons butter; 1 onion, sliced; Parsley, thyme or spinach, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: heavy gauge aluminum foil, fire pit, and cooking grid or grate Start fire in pit, make sure fire is hot, and let burn down to glowing coals. Place cooking grid or grate 6 inches above heat. Wash trout thoroughly with cold water. Remove head from trout and burn in fire pit. Tear off a large piece of aluminum foil and place on work surface. Pour olive oil to cover mid-section of foil. Place fish on top of oil. Sprinkle seasoned salt and lemon pepper on the top and inside of the trout cavity. Insert butter and sliced onions into the trout cavity. Tightly wrap foil around the tr <END>
INPUT: herbed, olivada, Kalamata olives, rosemary, garlic, pepper, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roast Chicken with Spicy Herbed Olivada | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cups pitted Kalamata olives (about 8 ounces); 4 teaspoons finely chopped fresh rosemary; 2 garlic cloves; 1/2 teaspoon dried crushed red pepper; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 5 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1 7-pound roasting chicken; 1/3 cup dry white wine; 2/3 cup (about) low-salt chicken broth | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine olives, rosemary, garlic, crushed red pepper, salt, and pepper in processor. Blend until olives and garlic are chopped finely. With machine running, add 4 tablespoons oil through feed tube and blend until coarse paste forms. (Olivada can be made 1 day ahead. Transfer to small bowl, cover, and refrigerate.) Position rack in bottom third of oven and preheat to 425°F. Starting at neck end of chicken, carefully slide hand under skin, loosening skin over breast, thighs, and top of drumsticks. Spread olive paste as evenly as possible over meat under loosened skin. Rub outside of chicken with <END>
INPUT: vinaigrette, sambal oelek chili, orange juice, rice vinegar, grapeseed other neutral, kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sambal-Orange Vinaigrette | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon sambal oelek chili paste; 2 tablespoons fresh orange juice; 2 tablespoons rice vinegar; 1/4 cup grapeseed or other neutral oil; 1/4 teaspoon kosher salt | INSTRUCTIONS: In a small bowl, whisk the sambal with the orange juice and rice vinegar. Gradually whisk in the oil and season with salt. The sambal-vinaigrette can be refrigerated for up to 2 days. Whisk before serving to re-emulsify. In a small bowl, whisk the sambal with the orange juice and rice vinegar. Gradually whisk in the oil and season with salt. The sambal-vinaigrette can be refrigerated for up to 2 days. Whisk before serving to re-emulsify. <END>
INPUT: tart, unsalted butter, all purpose flour, kosher salt, sugar, Granny Smith apples
OUTPUT: TITLE: Classic Apple Tart | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 stick unsalted butter, cut into1-inch cubes, plus 1 tablespoon, melted; 11/2 cups all-purpose flour, plus extra for rolling; 1/4 teaspoon kosher salt; 2 tablespoons sugar; 3 Granny Smith apples; 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice; 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon | INSTRUCTIONS: Set the cubed butter on a plate and place it in the freezer for 15 minutes. Fill a cup with ice and water and set aside. Place 1 1/2 of the flour, 1 8 teaspoon of the salt, and 1 tablespoon of the sugar in the bowl of a food processor and pulse to combine. Take the butter out of the freezer and add it to the flour. Pulse the mixture until it looks like wet sand, about 10 seconds. Add 2 to 3 tablespoons of the ice water and pulse until the dough comes together into a ball. Lightly flour your work surface and place the dough on top. Then lightly flour the top of the dough and roll to about a 10- <END>
INPUT: American, sandwiches, Eight country style, Monterey jack, unsalted butter, smoked bacon, vine ripened tomatoes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Cheese Sandwiches | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: Eight 1/2-inch thick slices country-style sourdough bread; 12 ounces Monterey jack, farmhouse cheddar, Gruyere, or imported Swiss cheese, thinly sliced; 3 tablespoons unsalted butter; 8 slices smoked bacon, cooked and broken into 1-inch pieces; 2 vine-ripened tomatoes, sliced, and drained on paper towels for 5 minutes; 8 slices baked ham | INSTRUCTIONS: Place 4 slices of bread on a cutting board. Lay half the cheese slices on the bread. Lay the bacon, tomato, or ham on top of the cheese. Cover with the remaining cheese. Top with the remaining slices of bread and press down slightly. Heat a large skillet over medium-low heat and melt a tablespoon of the butter. Carefully place 2 of the sandwiches in the pan, and cook until the bread browns and the cheese is slightly melted, about 5 minutes. Turn the sandwiches with a spatula and add a small hazelnut-size piece of butter to the pan. Cook until the other side of the sandwiches is toasted and the <END>
INPUT: American, soup, leeks, bulb fennel, carrots, Kosher salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Potato-Fennel Soup | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 3 large leeks; 1 large bulb fennel, diced (stems and fronds reserved); 3 large carrots, diced; Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper; Cooking spray; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 2 pounds Yukon gold potatoes, peeled and cut into 1-inch pieces; 1 1/2 cups skim milk; 1/4 cup chopped fresh parsley and/or dill; 1/2 cup low-fat ricotta cheese; 4 slices crusty Italian bread, toasted | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F. Make the broth: Cut off the dark green tops of the leeks and put in a large pot along with the fennel stems and fronds; add 8 cups water. Bring to a boil, then reduce the heat to medium, cover and simmer 20 minutes. Meanwhile, halve the remaining leeks lengthwise, then thinly slice and rinse. Put the carrots and half each of the sliced leeks and diced fennel on a foil-lined baking sheet. Season with salt and pepper, coat with cooking spray and toss. Roast until golden, about 25 minutes. Meanwhile, melt the butter in a Dutch oven or pot over medium-high heat.  <END>
INPUT: crisp, haricots verts, unsalted butter, pine nuts, oregano, kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Crisp Haricots Verts with Pine Nuts | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 pounds haricots verts, trimmed; 5 tablespoons unsalted butter; 3/4 cup pine nuts; 1 1/2 tablespoons fresh oregano, chopped; 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt; 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Have ready large bowl ice water. In large pot boiling salted water , blanch haricots verts until crisp-tender, 2 to 3 minutes. Drain, then plunge into ice water to stop cooking. Drain again and pat dry. (Haricots verts can be blanched 1 day ahead, drained and patted dry, and refrigerated until ready to use.) In large skillet over moderately high heat, melt butter. Cook, uncovered, until dark golden and fragrant, 2 to 3 minutes. Stir in pine nuts and toast, stirring, until golden, about 30 seconds. Add haricots verts, oregano, salt, and pepper; toss until heated through. Serve warm or at room t <END>
INPUT: Italian, oregano, fennel seeds, pepper flakes, lamb breasts, Kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Stuffed Lamb Breast With Lemon, Ricotta, And Oregano | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 2 teaspoons dried oregano; 2 teaspoons fennel seeds; 1 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes; 2 boneless lamb breasts (1–11/2 pounds each), fat trimmed; Kosher salt; 4 garlic cloves, finely grated; 1 large egg yolk; 6 ounces Pecorino or Parmesan, finely grated; 6 ounces ricotta, drained; 1/2 cup pitted oil-cured olives, coarsely chopped; 1/3 cup coarsely chopped parsley; 3 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 3 tablespoons olive oil; Kosher salt, freshly ground pepper; 1 large onion, chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: Prepare the lamb and stuffing: Finely grind oregano, fennel, and red pepper flakes in spice mill or with mortar and pestle. Place lamb breasts on a work surface, fat side down, and season with salt. Sprinkle spice mixture over top, then rub garlic into meat, working over entire surface. Mix egg yolk, Pecorino, ricotta, olives, parsley, and lemon juice in a small bowl to combine and spread evenly over both lamb breasts. Working with 1 breast at a time and starting from a short end, roll up so lamb is resting seam side down. Starting at the center, tie each roll with kitchen twine at even interv <END>
INPUT: American, soup, garlic, Coarse salt coarse, virgin olive oil, butter, cauliflower, celery leafy tops
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cauliflower Soup and Garlic and Cheese Sourdough "Dippers" | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: Coarse salt and coarse black pepper; 1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil; 3 tablespoons butter; 2 small heads cauliflower, or 1 large, cut into small bunches of florets; 3 ribs celery and leafy tops from the heart of stalk, finely chopped; 1 medium onion, chopped; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh thyme leaves; 2 tablespoons all-purpose flour; 1 quart chicken broth; 1 cup half-and-half or whole milk; Hot sauce, optional; 3 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley leaves or chives, for garnish; 1/2 cup grated Parmesan, for passing at the table; 3 sandwich size sourdough English muffins (recommended: Thomas' brand) split; 3 tablespoons butter | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large pot, heat up the olive oil and 2 tablespoons of the butter, over medium heat. Season with salt and pepper. Add the cauliflower florets and stir with a wooden spoon. Add celery, onion and thyme and cook for 3 minutes. Push the vegetables to 1 side of the pot. Melt 1 more tablespoon of butter on empty side of pot and add flour to the butter. Cook for 1 minute, stirring the flour in the butter. Mix in chicken broth and half-and-half. Bring up to a simmer and cook for 15 minutes. Puree soup using an emersion blender, food processor or blender and return to pot. I like to leave it a litt <END>
INPUT: blanquette, veal breast, pearl onions, beef stock, sachet d'epices, butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Veal Blanquette | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 pounds veal breast, boned, cut in large dice; 20 pearl onions; 2 quarts beef stock; 1 sachet d'epices (1 tablespoon parsley, 1 tablespoon peppercorns, 1 tablespoon thyme and 1 bay leaf in a cheesecloth bag); 6 tablespoons butter, divided; 1/2 cup all-purpose flour; 6 ounces (about 2 cups) white button mushrooms, cleaned and sliced; 2 tablespoons lemon juice; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/4 teaspoon ground black pepper; 2 egg yolks; 1 cup heavy cream | INSTRUCTIONS: Cover the veal with cold water to "blanch" it. Drain and rinse the veal. Boil about 2 cups of water in a saucepan and then add the pearl onions briefly to scald them. Drain and slip skins from the pearl onions and set them aside. In a large saucepot, combine the veal with the stock and simmer covered over medium-low heat until the veal is tender, about 1 1/2 hours. After the veal has been simmering about 30 minutes, add the sachet d'epices. Then uncover the pot to allow the stock to reduce to intensify the flavor. Melt 4 tablespoons of the butter in a small pot and gradually add the flour to m <END>
INPUT: Mexican, quesadilla, flour tortillas, brie cheese, smoked turkey breast, apricot preserves, Monterey Jack cheese
OUTPUT: TITLE: Smoked Turkey, Brie, and Apricot Quesadilla | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 8 flour tortillas, taco size (recommended: Mission); 5 ounces brie cheese, sliced, divided; 3/4 pound smoked turkey breast, thinly sliced, divided; 1/2 cup apricot preserves (recommended: Smuckers), divided; 1 cup shredded Monterey Jack cheese (recommended: Kraft), divided; 2 cups fresh mixed herbs (parsley, basil, tarragon, chives, mint, oregano); 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice; Salt; Freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Set up grill for direct cooking over medium heat and oil grate when ready to cook. For Quesadilla: Lay out 4 tortillas; top each tortilla with brie, smoked turkey, apricot preserves, and Jack cheese. Top with remaining tortillas. For Salad: In a bowl, toss to combine herbs and lemon juice. Season with salt and pepper; set aside. Place quesadillas on hot oiled grill for 3 to 4 minutes per side or until cheese has melted flipping with a spatula. Serve hot topped with mixed herb salad. Indoor: Prepare quesadillas as directed. In a skillet large enough to fit tortillas, heat 1 to 2 tablespoons of  <END>
INPUT: roast, gravy, rosemary, thyme, tarragon, pepper, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roast Turkey with Herb Rub and Shiitake Mushroom Gravy | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons chopped fresh rosemary or 1 1/2 tablespoons dried; 3 tablespoons chopped fresh thyme or 1 1/2 teaspoons dried; 3 tablespoons chopped fresh tarragon or 1 1/2 teaspoons dried; 1 tablespoon ground pepper; 2 teaspoons salt; 1 20- to 21-pound turkey, neck and giblets reserved; Fresh herb sprigs; 2 tablespoons vegetable oil; 6 tablespoons (3/4 stick) butter, melted; 4 cups canned low-salt chicken broth; 1/2 cup all purpose flour; 1/2 cup dry Sherry; 3 tablespoons butter; 12 ounces fresh shiitake mushrooms, stemmed, sliced; 1 tablespoon plus 1 teaspoon chopped fresh rosemary or 2 teaspoons dried | INSTRUCTIONS: Make turkey: Mix first 5 ingredients in small bowl. Pat turkey dry with paper towels and place on rack set in large roasting pan. If not stuffing turkey, place herb sprigs in main cavity. If stuffing turkey, spoon stuffing into main cavity. Tie legs together loosely to hold shape of turkey. Brush turkey with oil. Rub herb mix all over turkey. Place turkey neck and giblets in roasting pan. (Can be prepared 1 day ahead if turkey is not stuffed. Cover and refrigerate. Let stand at room temperature 1 hour before roasting.) Position rack in lowest third of oven and preheat to 425°F. Drizzle melted  <END>
INPUT: American, turkey, Two packets ranch, carrots, celery
OUTPUT: TITLE: Ranch Turkey | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: One 15- to 18-pound turkey (neck and giblets removed); Two 1-ounce packets ranch seasoning; 10 tablespoons (1 1/4 sticks) unsalted butter, softened; 3 carrots, cut into thirds; 3 stalks celery, cut into thirds; 1 medium onion, cut into 8 wedges; Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper; 2 tablespoons maple syrup; 4 cups low-sodium chicken stock; 3 tablespoons all-purpose flour | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Allow the turkey to come to room temperature for 2 hours. Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Remove 2 tablespoons of ranch seasoning from 1 packet and reserve. In a small bowl, mix together 1 stick (8 tablespoons) of butter with the remaining ranch seasoning from both packets until well incorporated. Arrange the carrots, celery and onions in the bottom of a roasting pan, then put a roasting rack over them. Put the turkey on the rack and spread the ranch butter all over and underneath the skin. Season generously with salt and pepper. Reduce the oven temperature to <END>
INPUT: flambe, butter, ginger, oranges, star anise, crepes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Flambe Oranges and Cream | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons butter; 1 teaspoon minced ginger; 2 oranges, zested and juiced, reserve some zest for garnish, plus 4 oranges peeled and segmented; 1 star anise; 8 crepes, folded into triangles; 1/4 cup orange liqueur (recommend: Grand Marnier); 1 pint best-quality vanilla ice cream | INSTRUCTIONS: In a saute pan over medium-high heat, add butter and melt. Stir in ginger, orange zest, orange juice and star anise and bring to a simmer. Add orange segments and crepes to warm through. Add orange liqueur and remove from the heat. Carefully light the mixture with a long kitchen match to flambe. Allow the flames to die down and remove star anise. Divide crepes among serving plates, spoon orange segments and sauce over and top with scoop of ice cream. Garnish with orange zest and serve. <END>
INPUT: American, sauce, parsnips, seedless grapes, olive oil, Salt pepper, eye steaks, potatoes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Rib Eye Steak with Roasted Grape-Red Wine Sauce and Creamy Parsnips and Potatoes | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups red seedless grapes, halved; 4 tablespoons olive oil, divided; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 rib eye steaks; 1 pound potatoes, peeled and diced; 2 bay leaves, divided; 5 sprigs fresh thyme, divided; 2 cloves garlic, crushed, divided; 1 cup heavy cream; 2 cups dry red wine; 1 cup chicken stock; 1 carrot, diced small; 1 onion, diced small; 1 celery stalk, diced small; 1 beef bone | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F. Place the grapes on a sheet pan and coat with 2 tablespoons olive oil and season with 1 teaspoon salt and 1/2 teaspoons pepper. Roast until the grapes turn light brown and begin to shrivel, about 45 minutes. In the meantime, sprinkle the steaks with salt and pepper and let sit for 15 minutes at room temperature. Heat a pot of water over high heat. Once the water is boiling, add the potatoes, parsnips, bay leaf, 2 sprigs thyme, 1 clove garlic and salt generously. Cook until the vegetables are fork tender, and then strain. Discard the herbs and press the potato <END>
INPUT: bags unpeeled pearl, ruby Port, low salt chicken, bay leaves, dark sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Glazed Pearl Onions in Port with Bay Leaves | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 10-ounce bags unpeeled pearl onions, root ends trimmed but left intact; 3 cups ruby Port; 1 1/2 cups low-salt chicken broth; 4 bay leaves (preferably fresh); 2 tablespoons dark brown sugar; 1 teaspoon balsamic vinegar | INSTRUCTIONS: Using sharp knife, cut X across root ends of pearl onions; place in large bowl. Pour hot tap water over onions; let soak 1 hour. Remove onions from water and peel. Transfer to large pot. Add Port, broth, bay leaves, and brown sugar; bring to boil, stirring until sugar dissolves. Reduce heat to medium. Simmer until onions are tender when pierced with sharp knife, about 30 minutes. Using slotted spoon, transfer onions to bowl. Boil liquid in pot until syrupy and reduced to 3 tablespoons, about 15 minutes. Discard bay leaves. Stir vinegar into Port reduction. Season to taste with salt. Pour Port  <END>
INPUT: American, eye steaks, Salt pepper, butter, onion, heavy cream
OUTPUT: TITLE: Rib Eye Steak with Onion Blue Cheese Sauce | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 4 rib eye steaks (about 5 ounces each); Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 stick softened butter; 1 large yellow onion, sliced; 1 cup heavy cream; 3 to 4 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce; 3/4 cup crumbled blue cheese | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the grill to a high heat or light your outdoor grill. Sprinkle the steaks with salt and pepper and smear both sides of the steaks with 1/2 stick of the butter. Grill the steaks until medium-rare, 3 to 4 minutes per side, and then remove from the heat and keep warm. (You can also saute them in a skillet over medium-high heat if you prefer.) Melt the remaining 1/2 stick of butter in a large skillet over medium-high heat, and then saute the onions until golden brown, 7 to 8 minutes. Pour in the cream, a dash of salt and pepper and the Worcestershire sauce. Let it bubble up, then add the b <END>
INPUT: dumplings, butter, olive oil, chicken, Salt pepper, carrots
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken and Dumplings | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons butter; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1 whole chicken, cut into pieces (cut-up fryer); Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1/2 cup finely diced carrots; 1/2 cup finely diced celery; 1 medium onion, finely diced; 1/2 teaspoon ground thyme; 1/4 teaspoon turmeric; 6 cups low-sodium chicken broth; 1 1/2 cups all-purpose flour; 1/2 cup yellow cornmeal; 1 heaping tablespoon baking powder; 1 teaspoon kosher salt; 2 cups half-and-half | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. For the chicken: Melt the butter in a pot over medium-high heat and add the olive oil. Sprinkle the chicken with salt and pepper. In 2 batches, brown the chicken on both sides and remove to a clean plate. In the same pot, add the diced carrots, celery and onions. Stir and cook for 3 to 4 minutes over medium-low heat. Stir in the ground thyme and turmeric, then pour in the chicken broth. Stir to combine, then add the browned chicken. Cover the pot and simmer for 20 minutes. For the dumplings: While the chicken is simmering, make the dough for the dumplings. Sift t <END>
INPUT: butter, egg, milk, pure Vermont maple, vanilla
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mapled Nut Butter Tart | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/3 cup butter, melted; 1 egg, beaten; 2 tablespoons milk; 1/2 cup pure Vermont maple syrup; 1 teaspoon vanilla; 1 cup or (4-ounce) bag maple sugar coated pecans or walnuts, coarsely chopped (recommended: Mapled Nut Co. brand); 1 (9-inch) unbaked tart shell or pie shell | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Combine butter, egg, milk, maple syrup and vanilla. Add chopped nuts and gently pour into tart shell. Garnish with extra nuts if you like. Bake for 25 to 30 minutes until top of tart is puffed and bubbly and crust is starting to brown. Cool for 20 minutes before removing from tart pan. Can be served warm or at room temperature. Add a dollop of whipped cream for an extra special treat <END>
INPUT: American, pulled, sugar, chile powder, paprika, garlic powder, kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pulled Pork | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup brown sugar; 1 tablespoon chile powder; 1 tablespoon paprika; 2 teaspoons garlic powder; 2 teaspoons kosher salt; 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 1 teaspoon cayenne pepper; 1 pork shoulder roast (also called pork butt); 4 onions, cut into halves; 1 bottle good barbecue sauce and good-quality hamburger rolls, for serving | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Stir together the brown sugar, chile powder, paprika, garlic powder, salt, black pepper and cayenne in a small bowl. Rub the mixture all over the pork shoulder. Wrap the pork in plastic wrap and refrigerate for several hours or preferably overnight. Preheat the oven to 300 degrees F. Place the pork in a large pot on a bed of the onion halves. Roast until fork-tender and falling apart, about 7 hours. Remove the pork from the pot and set it on a cutting board. Slice some of the onion. Place the pot on the stove over medium-high heat and add 1/2 to 1 cup of hot wate <END>
INPUT: Mexican, ceviche, scallops, lime juice, orange juice, onion, serrano peppers
OUTPUT: TITLE: Scallop Ceviche | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound fresh scallops; 1 cup fresh lime juice; 1/2 cup fresh orange juice; 3 tablespoons diced red onion; 2 tablespoons diced serrano peppers; 3 tablespoons diced cachucha peppers; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1/2 pound tomatillos; 1/2 pound Roma tomatoes; 1 red onion; 1 jalapeno pepper; 1/2 cup lime juice; 1 teaspoon truffle oil; 1 bunch cilantro; Salt and pepper, to taste | INSTRUCTIONS: Place all the ingredients in a non- reactive container and keep cold in the refrigerator for 24 hours. Remove from the refrigerator and drain all the liquid and set aside.; Sauce: In a saute pan with tablespoon of oil, bring up to high heat and add the first 4 ingredients. Toss until they are blackened. Let cool and in a food processor, place all blackened vegetables and remaining ingredients and pulse to medium chop the vegetables. Toss well and chill. Fold scallops into mixture and serve. <END>
INPUT: olive oil, butternut squash, honey
OUTPUT: TITLE: Honey-Glazed Butternut Squash | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup olive oil; 2 medium butternut squash, peeled, cut into 3/4-inch cubes (about 6 cups); 1/4 cup honey | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat oil in heavy large nonstick skillet over medium heat. Add squash; cover and cook until squash is just tender and beginning to color, stirring occasionally, about 12 minutes. Add honey; toss until squash is glazed. Season with salt and pepper. Heat oil in heavy large nonstick skillet over medium heat. Add squash; cover and cook until squash is just tender and beginning to color, stirring occasionally, about 12 minutes. Add honey; toss until squash is glazed. Season with salt and pepper. <END>
INPUT: French, soup, kosher salt, granulated garlic, thyme, paprika, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mushroom and Brie Soup | CUISINE: French | INGREDIENTS: 2 parts kosher salt; 2 parts granulated garlic; 1 part dry whole thyme; 1 part paprika; 1/2 part ground black pepper; 2 cups butter; 1 cup diced onions; 1/2 cup chopped garlic; 3 pounds mushrooms, sliced; 3 tablespoons Chaps seasoning blend; 2 cups red wine; 3 cups fresh chicken stock; 4 cups heavy cream; 3 cups half-and-half; 2 cups shredded Brie cheese | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine all of the seasoning ingredients in a small bowl. Melt the butter in soup pot over medium-low heat. Add the onions and garlic and cook until soft. Stir in the sliced mushrooms and saute until the mushrooms are soft and reduced in size. Add the Chaps seasoning blend and stir. Deglaze the pot with 1 cup red wine and let it come to a boil. Add the chicken stock, heavy cream, and half-and-half. Bring to a boil, then reduce the heat and simmer for 10 minutes. Cool slightly before adding it to a blender. Carefully pour the mushroom mixture into a blender. Blend until the mushrooms are all co <END>
INPUT: fillets rainbow trout, cornmeal, butter, Salt pepper, carrot
OUTPUT: TITLE: Rainbow Trout with Black-eyed Peas and Country Ham | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 fillets rainbow trout; 3/4 cup cornmeal; 6 tablespoons butter; Salt and pepper; 1 carrot, diced; 1 onion, diced; 2 stalks celery, diced; 1 pound dried black-eyed peas; 1 bay leaf; 2 sprigs fresh thyme; 2 ounces country ham, cut into thin strips | INSTRUCTIONS: In a shallow dish, coat the trout with the cornmeal. Heat a large skillet over medium heat and add 3 tablespoons of the butter. When the butter begins to melt, place the trout, skin-side down, and cook over medium heat until the skin turns brown and crisp, about 5 minutes. Gently turn the trout over and continue to cook another 3 minutes. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Reserve the pan juices. Melt the remaining butter in a medium saucepan over medium heat. Add the carrot and onion and cook until the onion is just translucent, about 10 minutes. Add the celery, black-eyed peas, bay leaf, <END>
INPUT: brittle, matzo farfel, Vegetable oil brushing, sugar, water, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Matzo Almond Brittle | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups matzo farfel; Vegetable oil for brushing pan (unless using nonstick liner); 2 cups sugar; 1/4 cup water; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 3 tablespoons salted butter or margarine, softened; 1 1/2 cups sliced almonds (5 ounces), toasted | INSTRUCTIONS: Put oven rack in middle position and preheat oven to 350°F. Spread matzo farfel in a large shallow baking pan (1/2 to 1 inch deep) and toast, stirring and shaking pan occasionally, until golden, 15 to 20 minutes. Transfer to a bowl, then cool pan and line with a nonstick bakeware liner such as Silpat or with foil (shiny side down). If using foil, brush foil with oil. Bring sugar, water, and salt to a boil in a deep 2- to 2 1/2-quart heavy saucepan over moderate heat, stirring slowly until sugar is dissolved. Boil gently, without stirring but washing down any sugar crystals on side of pan with  <END>
INPUT: Italian, puttanesca, garlic, Roma plum tomatoes, virgin olive oil, Kosher salt pepper, marjoram oregano
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Tomato and Roasted Garlic Puttanesca | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 head garlic; 12 to 14 large Roma or plum tomatoes; 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil, plus more for drizzling; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 sprigs fresh marjoram or oregano, leaves picked and chopped or 1 teaspoon dried; 1/2 cup pitted oil-cured olives, loosely packed; 6 flat filets anchovies; 3 tablespoons drained Capote capers or stemmed caperberries; 1 small Fresno chile or Italian red cherry pepper, seeded and coarsely chopped; 1 pound penne or bucatini; 1/2 cup chopped flat-leaf parsley | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Arrange a cooling rack over a parchment or foil-lined baking sheet for easy clean up. Cut the ends off the entire head garlic to expose all of the cloves. Season the garlic with a little salt, some black pepper, and a drizzle of extra-virgin olive oil, then wrap in foil. Cut the tomatoes in 1/2 and place in a bowl. Lightly dress the tomatoes by drizzling with extra-virgin olive oil. Season the tomatoes with salt, pepper, and marjoram, and arrange on the baking sheet cut-side down. Bake the tomatoes 20 to 25 minutes, then flip the tomatoes, and roast 20 minute <END>
INPUT: chunk, heavy cream, milk, sugar, vanilla bean, egg yolks
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate Banana Chunk Ice Cream | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup heavy cream; 1 pint milk; 1 1/4 cups sugar; 1 vanilla bean, split; 2 egg yolks; 1/2 cup chopped bananas; 1/2 cup roughly chopped dark chocolate | INSTRUCTIONS: If using an electric ice cream maker, place the body into the freezer overnight. It needs to be completely frozen to freeze the ice cream. Combine the cream, milk, and 1 cup of the sugar in a medium, heavy bottom saucepan. Scrape the seeds of the vanilla bean into the cream mix and add in the bean itself. Bring to a light boil over medium high heat, watching carefully so the mixture doesn't boil over. Remove from the heat. Beat the yolks in a mixing bowl and slowly whisk in 1 cup of the hot cream mixture. Gradually add the egg mixture back into the pot of cream. Cook over medium heat, stirring <END>
INPUT: salad, chicken, cashews, olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cashew Chicken Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4-pound cooked chicken strips; 1 (12-ounce) container cole slaw; 1 (8.5-ounce) can mandarin oranges in light syrup, drained; 1/3 cup cashews, chopped; 1 tablespoon olive oil, optional | INSTRUCTIONS: Slice chicken strips diagonally. In a bowl, toss together all ingredients. Reserve some cashews for garnish and serve. <END>
INPUT: salad, shaved, asparagus, shelled fava beans, virgin olive oil, arugula
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fava Bean, Asparagus, and Arugula Salad with Shaved Pecorino | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 lb medium asparagus, trimmed; 2 cups shelled fresh fava beans (2 1/2 lb in pods) or shelled edamame (fresh soybeans); 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1/4 lb arugula, coarse stems discarded; 1 (1/2-lb) piece Pecorino Romano or Parmigiano-Reggiano; 2 teaspoons balsamic vinegar | INSTRUCTIONS: Cut asparagus stalks on a long diagonal into 1/8-inch-thick slices, leaving 1-inch-long tips (reserve tips separately). Blanch asparagus tips (but not sliced stalks) in a 4-quart pot of boiling salted water 2 minutes, then immediately transfer with a slotted spoon to a bowl of ice and cold water to stop cooking. Return water to a boil and blanch fava beans 1 minute, then immediately transfer with slotted spoon to ice water to stop cooking. Drain asparagus tips and beans and gently peel skins from beans (it's not necessary to peel edamame, if using). Toss beans and asparagus (blanched tips and  <END>
INPUT: Mexican, mambo, water, chicken stock, rice, Italian parsley, cilantro leaves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mambo Rice | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups water; 1 1/2 cups chicken stock; 2 cups rice; 1 cup chopped Italian parsley; 1/2 cup chopped cilantro leaves; 4 tablespoons minced garlic; 1/4 cup freshly squeezed lime juice; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; Kosher salt, to taste; 2 teaspoons freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Add water, chicken stock and rice to a rice cooker. Cook until al dente. Combine all other ingredients in a bowl. Remove rice from cooker and toss, separating with fork. Once rice is separated, slowly add the blended mixture. Rice can be served hot or cold. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, yellow, long grain rice, garden cucumbers, Orange zest, links chorizo, shrimp into chunks
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chorizo, Shrimp and Yellow Rice | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cups long grain rice, cooked according to package directions (but with the addition of 1/4 teaspoon turmeric or saffron and some butter and salt; 2 garden cucumbers, peeled, seeded and cut into 1/2-inch half moons; Orange zest; 2 links of chorizo, cut into 1/4-inch rounds; 12 ounces peeled and deveined shrimp cut into 1/2-inch chunks; Salt and pepper; Red pepper threads | INSTRUCTIONS: Start your dinner by making the rice; set the cucumbers in a steamer over water flavored with orange zest. Slowly fry the chorizo slices, turning once, in the olive oil until they render their fat. Add the shrimp and saute over high heat for a minute or until just turning opaque. Center rice on a platter, making a well in the center. Spoon the chorizo and shrimp in the middle and wreath it with steamed cucumber slices. <END>
INPUT: American, cheese, swirled, onion, butter, flour, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cheese-Swirled Tuna Casserole with Green Peas and Mint | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup minced yellow onion; 3 tablespoons butter; 6 tablespoons flour; 1 teaspoon salt; 1 (10 3/4-ounce) can chicken broth; 1 1/2 cups milk; 1 (6-ounce) can tuna, drained and flaked; 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice; 1/4 cup sour-cream; 1/3 cup minced, canned pimientos, drained; 2 cups sifted flour; 3 teaspoons baking powder; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/4 vegetable shortening; 2/3 cup milk | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 425 degrees. Lightly butter 11/2 to 2-quart casserole and set aside. Tuna Mixture: Stir-fry onion in butter in a large heavy skillet over moderate heat, until lightly browned, about 5 to 8 minutes. Blend in flour and salt, then broth. Add milk and heat, stirring constantly until thickened and smooth, 3 to 5 minutes. Mix in tuna, sour-cream, pimiento and lemon juice; set off heat, but keep warm. Cheese Swirl Biscuits: Sift flour, baking powder, and salt together into a large mixing bowl. Add shortening and cut in with pastry blender until texture of coarse meal. Add milk and for <END>
INPUT: cannelloni, shells, EVOO, sweet Italian sausage, veal, sage leaves, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cannelloni or Stuffed Shells with Veal and Sweet Sausage | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons EVOO; 8 ounces sweet Italian sausage meat with fennel; 12 ounces ground veal; About 2 tablespoons fresh sage leaves, thinly sliced; 2 to 3 cloves garlic, finely chopped; 1 onion, finely chopped; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; One 10- to 12-ounce package chopped frozen organic spinach, defrosted and wrung dry in kitchen towel; 1/3 cup dry white wine; 3 tablespoons butter; 3 tablespoons all-purpose flour; 3 cups whole milk; Freshly grated nutmeg; 2 egg yolks, lightly beaten; 1 1/2 cups grated fontina cheese, such as Fontina Val d'Aosta | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Bring a large pot of water to a boil. Meanwhile, heat the EVOO in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Brown the sausage and crumble to very small pieces. Then add the veal, brown and crumble. Add the sage, garlic, onions and some salt and pepper, and cook until tender. Separate the spinach with your fingertips and add to the skillet. Stir to heat through, then deglaze with the wine and remove from the heat. In a saucepot over medium heat, melt the butter, whisk in the flour and bring to a bubble. Whisk in the milk and season with salt, pepper and nutmeg to tas <END>
INPUT: tailgator, bacon, onions, pepper, Kosher salt, chili powder
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tailgator's Baked Beans | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 pounds bacon; 6 onions; 1/4 cup ground black pepper; Kosher salt; 1/4 cup chili powder; 6 cup BBQ sauce, your favorite; 1 1/2 cups yellow mustard; 1 1/2 cups molasses; One 10-pound can kidney beans; One 10-pound can great Northern beans; One 10-pound can pork and beans | INSTRUCTIONS: Dice the bacon and the onions. Place the bacon and onion in a large pot on top of the grill on medium heat. Cook until bacon is rendered and onions are translucent. Add the black pepper, kosher salt and chili powder. In a bowl, mix the BBQ sauce, yellow mustard and molasses. Then add to the bacon mixture. Drain kidney beans and great Northern beans and rinse. Add the beans to the pot and cook for 5 minutes. Transfer to individual 1/3-inch deep pans. To finish beans place in smoker uncovered for 45 minutes at 250 degrees F. Serve immediately. <END>
INPUT: churros, water, sugar, kosher salt, self rising flour, eggs
OUTPUT: TITLE: Churros with Chocolate | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup water; 1 1/2 tablespoons sugar, plus more for dredging; Pinch kosher salt; 1 cup self-rising flour; 2 eggs, plus 1 egg yolk; Peanut oil, for frying; 6 ounces specialty flavored chocolate, chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Special equipment: Piping bag fitted with a large star decorating tip Make the dough by heating water, sugar and salt in saucepan over medium heat until hot. Add the flour all at once and stir vigorously for 1 minute on the heat to dry the mixture out. Remove from heat and transfer the dough to a stand mixer bowl; mix on low speed until there is no longer steam escaping from the dough. With the mixer running on medium, add the eggs, 1 at a time, incorporating completely until a shiny, smooth texture forms before adding the next egg, and then the egg yolk. Scrape  <END>
INPUT: granita, strong, sugar, coffee liqueur, pure vanilla extract
OUTPUT: TITLE: Coffee Granita | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 cups strong, hot brewed coffee, regular or decaf (see note); 3/4 cup sugar; 2 teaspoons coffee liqueur, such as Tia Maria; 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine the coffee, sugar, coffee liqueur and vanilla and stir until the sugar dissolves. Pour the mixture into a 9-by-13-inch pan. Place the pan in the freezer for 1 hour, until the mixture starts to become slushy around the edges. Rake the mixture with a dinner fork to break up the crystals and place the pan back in the freezer. Every 30 minutes, rake the mixture, until it is completely frozen and granular throughout. Wrap well and keep frozen for a few hours, until ready to serve. Spoon the granita into bowls or stemmed glasses, such as martini glasses, and top with a dollop of whipped crea <END>
INPUT: roast, butter, Dijon mustard, rosemary, crown lamb made, wine
OUTPUT: TITLE: Crown Roast of Lamb with Shallots, Mustard and Mint | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons butter, room temperature; 1 tablespoon plus 1/2 teaspoon Dijon mustard; 2 teaspoons dried rosemary; 1 crown of lamb made from two 8-rib racks (about 4 1/2 pounds total); 1 cup dry white wine; 2 large shallots, chopped; 1/4 cup chicken stock or canned unsalted broth; 3 tablespoons chopped fresh mint; 1 1/2 pounds new potatoes, halved; 1 baby carrot bunch, stems trimmed to 1 inch, peeled; 1 10-ounce basket pearl onions, peeled; 1 pound fresh asparagus, trimmed, cut crosswise into thirds; 3 tablespoons butter; 3 tablespoons chopped fresh mint | INSTRUCTIONS: To make lamb: Preheat oven to 450°F. Mix 2 tablespoons butter, 1 tablespoon mustard and 1 1/2 teaspoons rosemary in bowl. Season generously with salt and pepper. Place lamb in roasting pan. Rub all over with butter mixture. Roast 15 minutes. Reduce oven temperature to 350°F. and continue roasting until thermometer inserted into lamb registers 140°F. for medium-rare, about 40 minutes. Transfer lamb to platter; let stand 15 minutes. Pour off fat from roasting pan and set pan aside. Melt 1 tablespoon butter in heavy large skillet over low heat. Add shallots and 1/2 teaspoon rosemary; sauté until  <END>
INPUT: roasted pepper, olives, beans
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tuna Niçoise Fusilli | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup diced (1/4-inch) fennel; 1 roasted red pepper, cut into 1/2-inch dice (see note); 1 can (6 ounces) solid white-meat tuna, packed in water, drained and flaked; 1/2 cup pitted black olives, halved; 1 cup fresh green beans (cut in 1-inch lengths), lightly blanched; 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 1 tablespoon drained tiny capers; 3 tablespoons chopped flat-leaf parsley or mint leaves; Salt and freshly ground black pepper, to taste; 12 ounces dried fusilli | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. Combine the fennel, diced pepper, tuna, olives, beans, oil, capers, and 2 tablespoons of the parsley. Season with salt and pepper. 2. Shortly before serving, bring a large pot of salted water to a boil and cook the pasta until it is just tender, or al dente. Drain pasta well and add to the tuna and vegetables. Carefully fold together with a rubber spatula, trying not to break up the tuna. Remove to a decorative serving bowl and sprinkle with the remaining tablespoon of chopped parsley. Serve at room temperature. 1. Combine the fennel, diced pepper, tuna, olives, beans, oil, capers, and 2 ta <END>
INPUT: Italian, swordfish, puttanesca, grapeseed oil, onions, carrots, celery
OUTPUT: TITLE: Swordfish Puttanesca | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 4 tablespoons grapeseed oil; 1/2 cup finely diced onions; 1 cup thinly sliced onions; 1/4 cup finely diced carrots; 1/4 cup finely diced celery; 1 tablespoon chopped garlic; 4 cups (1 quart) canned crushed tomatoes; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh basil; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh oregano; 1 cup mixed olives, pitted (manzanilla, kalamata, picholine); 1/2 cup roasted red peppers; 2 ounces capers; Kosher salt; Freshly ground black pepper; 4 cups (1 quart) vegetable oil | INSTRUCTIONS: For the puttanesca sauce: In a saucepan over medium-high heat, add 2 tablespoons of the grapeseed oil. Add the diced onions, carrots and celery and sweat for about 5 minutes. Add half of the chopped garlic and saute for 3 minutes. Add the crushed tomatoes and bring the sauce to a simmer. Simmer the tomato sauce for 20 to 30 minutes. Add the basil and oregano and then puree the sauce in a blender or with an immersion blender. Set aside. In a separate saucepan over medium-high heat, add the remaining 2 tablespoons grapeseed oil. Add the sliced onions, remaining garlic and the olives. Saute until <END>
INPUT: Mexican, salad, pearl barley, vegetable broth, poblano chili bell, bell pepper, plum tomatoes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Toasted Barley Salad with Red Bell Pepper, Corn and Grilled Portobello Mushrooms | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup pearl barley; 1 1/2 cups canned vegetable broth; 1 large poblano chili or green bell pepper; 1 small red bell pepper; 2 large plum tomatoes, seeded, chopped (about 1 cup); 1 cup fresh corn kernels; 1/3 cup chopped fresh cilantro; 1/4 cup chopped green onions; 2 1/2 tablespoons fresh lime juice; 2 tablespoons olive oil; Nonstick olive oil spray; 4 large portobello mushrooms, stemmed, dark gills scraped away; 24 large spinach leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: Place barley in heavy large saucepan. Cook over medium heat until pale golden, shaking pan occasionally, about 10 minutes. Add broth to pan and bring to boil. Reduce heat to medium-low, cover and simmer until barley is tender and broth is absorbed, about 35 minutes. Uncover and let barley cool. Char poblano and red bell pepper over gas flame or in broiler until blackened on all sides. Enclose in paper bag and let stand 10 minutes. Peel, seed and dice poblano and red bell pepper. Place barley, poblano and red bell pepper in large bowl. Add tomatoes and next 5 ingredients; toss to blend. Season  <END>
INPUT: eyes, broccoli, butter, garlic, shallot, veal stock, cream
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Rib Eyes with Sauteed Broccoli and Oysters | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons/45ml butter; 1 clove garlic, minced; 1 shallot, minced; 2 cups/500ml veal stock; 1 cup/250ml 35-percent cream; 1 dozen oysters, shucked and chopped, liquid reserved; 1 tablespoon/15ml Worcestershire sauce; Pinch cayenne; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 tablespoons/30ml olive oil; 1 clove garlic, minced; One 1-inch piece fresh ginger, peeled and minced; 1 shallot, minced; 1 dozen oysters, shucked, liquid reserved; 1/4 cup/60ml honey | INSTRUCTIONS: For the oyster sauce: Melt the butter in a saucepan over medium heat. Saute the garlic and shallots until the shallots start to brown, about 2 minutes. Add the veal stock and cream and cook for 5 minutes. Add the oysters and their reserved liquid, the Worcestershire sauce and cayenne. Season with salt and pepper. Cook until reduced by half, about 10 minutes. Keep warm. For the sauteed broccoli and oysters: Heat the oil in a wok or large skillet and saute the garlic, ginger and shallots. Add the oysters and their reserved liquid. Add the honey, soy sauce and broccoli and saute for 2 minutes. Ad <END>
INPUT: American, spiced, pudding, honey, Spice Rub, thyme leaves, country ham, celery
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spiced and Honey Glazed Ham with Savory Bread Pudding | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups honey, for glazing; 2 tablespoons Toasted Spice Rub, recipe follows; 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh thyme leaves; 1 country ham; 6 celery stalks; 1 loaf country-style bread (about 1 pound); 5 tablespoons unsalted butter, cut into tablespoon-sized pieces, divided; 1 cup finely chopped yellow onion; Finely ground sea salt, preferably gray salt; 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh thyme leaves; 3/4 cup plus 2 tablespoons freshly grated Parmesan, divided; 3 cups whole milk; 6 large eggs; 1/2 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg; 1/4 pound blue cheese, crumbled | INSTRUCTIONS: For the spiced and honey glazed ham: Preheat oven to 425 degrees F. Blend together the honey, Toasted Spice Rub and thyme. Place ham on an open brown paper bag or waxed paper for easy clean up. With the tip of a paring knife carefully score a 1-inch grid pattern around the outside of the ham. Brush the entire surface of the meat on all sides with some of the honey mixture. Add about 1/2 cup of water to the base of a roasting pan. Lay the celery sticks in the bottom of the pan and then place the ham on top of the celery. Cook for 1 hour. Every 15 minutes, baste ham with juices that collect in t <END>
INPUT: Indian, curried, corn, half half milk, shrimp, Kosher salt, unsalted butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Curried Corn with Shrimp | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 6 ears corn, shucked; 1 cup half-and-half or milk; 1 pound large shrimp, peeled and deveined; Kosher salt; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 2 tablespoons vegetable oil; 3/4 teaspoon cumin seeds; 3/4 teaspoon mustard seeds; 1/8 teaspoon turmeric; 4 to 6 dried whole red chiles; 1 1/2-inch piece ginger, peeled and finely grated; Freshly ground black pepper; 10 to 12 fresh curry leaves or 1/2 cup fresh cilantro leaves; Lime wedges, for serving; Tomato chutney, for serving | INSTRUCTIONS: Shear the corn kernels from the cobs with a knife, working over a large bowl or tube pan to catch the kernels. Run a knife along the cobs to press out the milky juices and add to the kernels. Break 4 cobs in half and combine with the half-and-half and 1 cup water in a saucepan. Discard the remaining cobs or save for making a broth. Bring to a simmer over medium heat, cover and steep while you pull the rest of the ingredients together, about 10 minutes. Put the shrimp in a bowl of cold water with 1 tablespoon salt and set aside. Heat a large non-reactive skillet over medium heat. Add one tables <END>
INPUT: Indian, unsweetened coconut milk, Thai curry paste, shrimp, naam pla, carrots
OUTPUT: TITLE: Thai Shrimp and Spinach Curry | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: a 14-ounce can unsweetened coconut milk, chilled (available at Asian markets); 1 1/2 to 2 teaspoons Thai green or red curry paste (available at Asian markets); 1 pound medium shrimp (about 24), shelled and, if desired, deveined; 2 tablespoons naam pla (Thai fish sauce, available at Asian markets); 2 carrots, sliced thin crosswise; 1 red bell pepper, sliced thin; 3/4 pound spinach (about 1 bunch), coarse stems discarded and the leaves washed well and spun dry; 3 tablespoons chopped fresh coriander; cooked rice as an accompaniment | INSTRUCTIONS: Spoon about 1/3 cup of the thick coconut cream from the top of the coconut milk and in a large heavy skillet cook the cream over moderate heat, stirring, for 2 to 3 minutes, or until it is thickened slightly. Add the curry paste and cook the mixture, whisking, for 1 minute. Add the shrimp and sauté the mixture over moderately high heat, stirring, for 1 to 2 minutes, or until the shrimp turn pink. Add the coconut milk and the naam pla and simmer the mixture, uncovered, stirring occasionally, for 1 minute, or until the shrimp are just cooked through. Transfer the shrimp with a slotted spoon to a <END>
INPUT: rubbed, salt, sugar, pulverized pepper, pimenton, garlic powder
OUTPUT: TITLE: Dry-Rubbed Rib-Eye | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons salt*; 2 tablespoons brown sugar; 1 teaspoon pulverized crushed red pepper; 2 teaspoons pimenton (Smoked Spanish Paprika); 1 teaspoon garlic powder; Oil, for brushing grill; 2 (22 to 24-ounce) bone-in rib-eye steaks; Extra-virgin olive oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Combine all of the dry ingredients in a bowl. Use your fingers to make sure that all of the ingredients are evenly distributed. Rub the outside of each steak generously with the rub. Wrap each steak in plastic wrap and refrigerate for at least 24 hours, 2 to 3 days is better. This will make the steak taste like it has been aged. Preheat a gas or charcoal grill. Brush and oil the grill to loosen and remove any crud. Remove the steaks from the refrigerator about 20 to 30 minutes before cooking. Right before cooking remove the plastic wrap and lightly oil the steaks <END>
INPUT: okonomiyaki, brussels sprouts, sweet potato, scallion, egg, Kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sweet Potato and Brussels Sprout Okonomiyaki | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 ounces brussels sprouts, ends trimmed, very thinly sliced (about 1 cup); 1 medium sweet potato, julienned (about 4 cups); 1 scallion, thinly sliced; 1 large egg, beaten to blend; Kosher salt; 1/3 cup all-purpose flour; 6 tablespoons vegetable oil, divided; Sriracha, Kewpie mayonnaise, bonito flakes, and furikake (for serving) | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine brussels sprouts, sweet potato, scallion, and egg in a large bowl; season with salt. Mix with your hands until vegetables are evenly coated. Sprinkle flour over vegetables and toss to combine (mixture shouldn’t be gummy, but a handful should clump together). Heat 1 Tbsp. oil in a large nonstick skillet over medium-high. Add half of vegetable mixture; press into a thin even layer across bottom of skillet. Cook until pancake begins to set, about 1 minute. Drizzle 1 Tbsp. oil around edge and shake to ensure pancake can slide around; cook until golden brown underneath, about 2 minutes long <END>
INPUT: Asian, milk, heavy cream, T. ginger, Chaokoh coconut milk, carton coconut cream
OUTPUT: TITLE: Coconut Ginger Macadamia Ice Cream | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup whole milk; 2 cup heavy cream; 3 T. fresh grated ginger; 1 can Chaokoh coconut milk; 1 carton or can coconut cream; 6 lg. egg yolks; 1/2 cup sugar; pinch salt; 2/3 cup Australian soft candied ginger, cut in small cubes; 2/3 cup macadamia pieces | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat milk, cream, and fresh ginger in pan over medium heat. As it begins to boil, take off heat, and strain ginger out. Return mixture to pan. In a bowl, beat the egg yolk with the sugar and then beat in the coconut milk, salt,and coconut cream. Slowly add this mixture to the hot mixture while stirring. Put on burner on low and cook until the mixture coats the back of a spoon. Chill in the fridge or freezer until very cold. Put in ice-cream maker and follow directions. Add the nuts and candied ginger just before putting the finished mixture into the freezer for final chilling. <END>
INPUT: Asian, lassi, mangos, piece ginger, handful ice cubes, honey
OUTPUT: TITLE: Ginger Mango Lassi | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 2 mangos; 1-inch piece of ginger; 2 (8-ounce) containers vanilla yogurt; 1 handful of ice cubes; 2 tablespoons honey | INSTRUCTIONS: To remove the flesh of the mango, cut the flesh away from the pit in 2 large pieces. Use a paring knife to cut through the flesh (but not through the peel) in a crisscross grid pattern. Use your thumbs to press against the skin side and pop the mango cubes up. Cut across the bottom, along the peel and add the cubes to the blender. Peel ginger. Grate ginger finely into bowl. Use fingers to squeeze juice out of gratings. Discard juiced gratings. Put ginger and remaining ingredients in the blender and blend until thick and smooth. If you don't have a blender you can still make the drink: Just whi <END>
INPUT: Asian, sauce, chicken stock broth, chicken leg, lemongrass
OUTPUT: TITLE: Coconut Sauce | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/4 cups chicken stock or broth; 1 (14- to 15-ounce) can unsweetened coconut milk; 1 chicken leg (10 to 12 ounce), cut into drumstick and thigh and skin discarded; 1 stalk fresh lemongrass, 1 or 2 tough outer leaves discarded and root end trimmed; 1 (2- by 1 1/2-inch) piece fresh ginger, thinly sliced; 1 small (1 1/2- to 2-inch) dried chile (preferably Thai), halved lengthwise and seeds discarded | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring stock, coconut milk, and chicken to a boil in a 1 1/2- to 2-quart saucepan, then reduce heat and simmer, uncovered, 45 minutes. Crush lemongrass stalk with side of a heavy knife (to release oils), then thinly slice. Add lemongrass, ginger, and chile to coconut mixture and bring to a boil. Remove pan from heat and let stand, covered, 30 minutes. Pour sauce through a fine-mesh sieve into a bowl, discarding solids, then return to pan and bring to a boil. Season with salt. Blend sauce in a blender until frothy, about 30 seconds (use caution when blending hot liquids). Serve immediately. Brin <END>
INPUT: American, layer, frosting, cake flour, baking soda, baking powder, salt, mashed bananas
OUTPUT: TITLE: Banana Layer Cake with Cream Cheese Frosting | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 1/4 cups cake flour; 3/4 teaspoon baking soda; 1/2 teaspoon baking powder; 1/2 teaspoon plus pinch of salt; 1 cup mashed ripe bananas (about 2 large); 1/4 cup buttermilk; 1 teaspoon plus 1 tablespoon vanilla extract; 1 1/2 cups (3 sticks) unsalted butter, room temperature; 1 1/3 cups sugar; 2 large eggs; 2 8-ounce packages cream cheese, room temperature; 1 1/2 cups powdered sugar; 2 large bananas, peeled, sliced | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350°F. Lightly butter three 8-inch-diameter cake pans with 2-inch-high sides; dust pans with flour. Combine cake flour, baking soda, baking powder and 1/2 teaspoon salt in medium bowl. Mix mashed bananas, buttermilk and 1 teaspoon vanilla in another medium bowl. Using electric mixer, beat 1/2 cup butter and sugar in large bowl until blended. Add eggs 1 at a time, beating to blend after each addition. Add dry ingredients alternately with banana mixture in 3 additions, beginning and ending with dry ingredients and beating just until blended after each addition. Divide batter equa <END>
INPUT: sauce, endive, butter, Salt pepper, sugar, dark ale beer
OUTPUT: TITLE: Beef Tenderloin with a Dark Ale and Mushroom Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 heads endive; 1 tablespoon butter, plus 2 tablespoons; Salt and pepper; 1 tablespoon sugar; 1 cup dark ale beer, plus 2 cups; 2 tablespoons vegetable oil; 1 (2 to 3 pound) strip beef tenderloin; 1/2 cup dark Belgium ale; 1 red onion, sliced; 1 cup dry wild mushrooms, soaked in 1 cup dark ale beer; 2 cups brown veal stock; 1/2 cup heavy cream | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Cut the endives in half, remove the core, place in a small pot. Add 1 tablespoon butter, salt, pepper, sugar, and 1 cup ale beer. Bring to a boil, cover with a piece of parchment paper and place in a 350 degree oven. Cook for 30 to 40 minutes, until slightly brown in color and the beer has reduced by 1/2. Meanwhile, heat the oil in an ovenproof frying pan or casserole. Season the meat with salt and pepper on all sides. When the oil is very hot, sear the meat, caramelizing all sides evenly. When seared, drain off the fat and add the Belgian beer. Increase the oven <END>
INPUT: Borlotti beans, garlic, olive oil, carrot, celery
OUTPUT: TITLE: Orecchiette with Beans and Mussels | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup Borlotti beans (or pinto beans); 2 large cloves garlic, finely minced; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1 carrot, very finely minced; 1 celery stalk, very finely minced; 1 cup water; 1 1/3 pound mussels; 12 cherry tomatoes; 2 tablespoons fresh oregano, minced; 1/3 pound orecchiette | INSTRUCTIONS: Boil the beans until just tender. Season with salt, pepper and extra-virgin olive oil. Reserve. In a heavy pot, slowly saute the garlic in the olive oil for 10 minutes. Add the carrot and celery and saute slowly for another 15 minutes. Add 1 cup of water and reduce rapidly for 5 minutes. Over high heat, add the mussels, cover and steam until they open. Remove them, shell them, reserve them. Boil the liquid in the pot for another 15 minutes. Mince the cherry tomatoes. Toss with fresh oregano. Boil the orecchiette until just al dente. When ready to serve, warm the tomato in the liquid for 1 minu <END>
INPUT: bittersweet, tart, blanched hazelnuts, all purpose flour, salt, confectioners' sugar, light sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Bittersweet Chocolate Mint Tart | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/3 cup blanched hazelnuts; 1 1/2 cups all-purpose flour; Pinch salt; 1/2 cup confectioners' sugar; 2 tablespoons light brown sugar; 4 large egg yolks; 1/2 cup unsalted butter, softened; 1 1/2 cups milk; 1 cup fresh mint leaves; 10 ounces chopped 60 percent chocolate; 2 teaspoons vanilla extract; 3 large eggs; 3 large yolks; 1/2 cup granulated sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. Butter the bottom and sides of an 11-inch tart pan with removable bottom; set aside. Place hazelnuts on a baking sheet and toast for 5 minutes. Remove from oven and cool. Place cooled nuts in food processor. Add 2 tablespoons of the flour and pulse until finely ground. Place the ground nuts, remaining flour, and salt into a large bowl and combine. Combine the confectioners' sugar, brown sugar, and egg yolks. Using a wooden spoon combine the sugars and yolks until sugars dissolve. Add the softened butter and begin to add the flour and nut mixture. When it is well  <END>
INPUT: Mexican, salad, lime juice, fish sauce, sugar, dark sesame oil, Coarse salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Ahi Tuna with Napa Cabbage Salad | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons lime juice; 1 1/2 tablespoons fish sauce; 1 teaspoon sugar; 1 teaspoon dark sesame oil; Coarse salt and cracked black pepper; 1 medium Napa cabbage; 1 bag shredded carrots; 1/2 cup basil leaves, torn into quarters; 1/2 cup mint leaves, torn; 1/2 cup cilantro leaves, roughly chopped; 4 tablespoons black and white sesame seeds; 1 pound ahi tuna steaks; 2 teaspoons extra-virgin olive oil | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large salad bowl, whisk together lime juice, fish sauce, sugar, and sesame oil. Taste and adjust seasonings with salt and pepper. Cut cabbage in 1/2 lengthwise and slice into thin ribbons. Place cabbage, carrots, basil, mint, and cilantro in the bowl with the dressing. Toss to combine. Set aside. Pour the sesame seeds out onto a plate. Press the tuna into the seeds on both sides, pressing gently so the sesame seeds stick. Heat the olive oil in a 12-inch non-stick pan over medium high heat. Add fish to pan and cook until rare, about 2 minutes per side. Alternatively, cook until done to you <END>
INPUT: Italian, cold, sauce, chicken breasts skin, tuna olive oil, mayonnaise, plain yogurt, anchovy fillets
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cold Poached Chicken Breasts with Tuna Basil Sauce | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 3 large whole chicken breasts with skin and bone (about 1 1/4 pounds each); a 6 1/2-ounce can tuna packed in olive oil, drained well; 1/2 cup mayonnaise; 1/4 cup plain yogurt; 3 anchovy fillets; 1 tablespoon drained bottled capers plus additional for garnish; 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, or to taste; 1/3 cup finely chopped fresh basil leaves, or to taste, plus, if desired, 6 basil sprigs for garnish; lemon slices for garnish; mixed brine-cured black olives such as Niçoise and Kalamata as an accompaniment | INSTRUCTIONS: In a kettle combine the chicken breasts with enough cold water to cover them by 1 inch and remove them. Bring the water to a boil, add salt and pepper to taste, and return the chicken to the kettle. Poach the chicken at a bare simmer for 18 minutes, remove the kettle from the heat, and let the chicken cool in the liquid for 30 minutes. Drain the chicken and let it stand until it is cool enough to be handled. Discard the skin and bones from the chicken, removing each breast half carefully from the bone in one piece, and chill the chicken, wrapped well in plastic wrap, for at least 6 hours or ov <END>
INPUT: Indian, koftas, vegetable oil, chickpea flour, onions, yogurt, garam masala
OUTPUT: TITLE: Zucchini and Onion Koftas | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups vegetable oil, for frying; 1 cup chickpea flour; 1 cup chopped green onions; 2 tablespoons yogurt; 1 tablespoon garam masala; 1 teaspoon cardamom seeds; 1 teaspoon dried pomegranate seeds; 1 medium onion, peeled, cut in half and thinly sliced; 1 medium zucchini, grated; A pinch of salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat the oil to 350 degrees in a deep, heavy pot. Place the chickpea flour, green onions, 4 tablespoons water, the yogurt, garam masala, cardamom, pomegranate, onions, zucchini and salt into a large bowl and mix well. Form the mixture into golf ball-size balls and fry in the oil until golden brown, 5 to 6 minutes. Drain on paper towels prior to serving. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, cupcakes, curd, all purpose flour, baking powder, salt, granulated sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Key Lime Cupcakes with Key Lime Curd | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 3 cups all-purpose flour; 1 tablespoon baking powder; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 2 sticks (1/2 pound) unsalted butter; 2 cups granulated sugar; 6 eggs; 2 tablespoons key lime zest; 1/2 cup milk; 5 to 6 cups powdered sugar; 2 sticks (1/2 pound) unsalted butter; 8 ounces cream cheese; 2 tablespoons key lime zest; 2 tablespoons key lime juice; 3 eggs; 3/4 cup granulated sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: For the cupcakes: Preheat the oven to 300 degrees F. Line cupcake or muffin pans with 24 cupcake liners. Sift the flour, baking powder and salt and set aside in a bowl. In the bowl of electric stand mixer with a paddle attachment, cream the butter and granulated sugar together for about 2 minutes. Then scrape down the bowl and add the eggs one at a time. After adding all the eggs, scrape down bowl and add the milk and dry ingredients. Mix on low until well incorporated. Scrape down the bowl again and hike up from low speed to medium speed for about 20 seconds, and then scrape down the bowl for <END>
INPUT: sunset, sugar, orange liqueur, navel orange, lemon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sunset Sangria | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons sugar; 3 tablespoons (3 splashes) spiced dark rum; 3 tablespoons orange liqueur; 1 navel orange, sliced; 1 lemon, sliced; 2 ripe peaches, cut into wedges; 3 ripe plums, cut into wedges; 2 cinnamon sticks; 1 bottle Rioja; Sparkling soda water, for topping off glasses of sangria at table | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine sugar, rum, orange liqueur, fruits, and cinnamon sticks in a large pitcher. Cover with 1 bottle of wine and chill sangria several hours. To serve, spoon fruits into glasses or goblets and pour over spiced wine. Top glasses of sangria off with a splash of soda water <END>
INPUT: French, vinaigrette, asparagus, Sherry vinegar, shallot, Dijon mustard, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Asparagus with Tarragon Sherry Vinaigrette | CUISINE: French | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 pounds medium asparagus, trimmed and peeled; 1 tablespoon Sherry vinegar; 2 teaspoons minced shallot; 1/4 teaspoon Dijon mustard; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 1/8 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1 1/2 teaspoons finely chopped fresh tarragon; 1 large egg, hard-boiled | INSTRUCTIONS: Steam asparagus on a steamer rack set over boiling water, covered, until just tender, 3 to 5 minutes (depending on thickness), then transfer to a bowl of ice water to stop cooking. Drain well and pat dry with paper towels. Whisk together vinegar, shallot, mustard, salt, and pepper in a small bowl and add oil in a slow stream, whisking until emulsified. Whisk in tarragon. Halve egg and force each half through a coarse sieve into a bowl. Toss asparagus with 1 tablespoon vinaigrette and divide among 4 plates. Spoon remaining dressing over asparagus and top with egg. <END>
INPUT: pancake, flour, water, egg, salt, kimchi
OUTPUT: TITLE: Kimchi Pancake | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup flour; 1 cup cold water; 1 egg, room temperature; 1 teaspoon salt; 1/2 cup kimchi, chopped; 1/4 cup grapeseed oil; Soy sauce, for dipping | INSTRUCTIONS: In a medium bowl, whisk together the flour, water, egg and salt. Stir in the chopped kimchi. Heat a 9-inch skillet over medium-high heat. Add 2 tablespoons of the oil and swirl to coat the bottom of the pan. Pour half of the batter into the pan to form a pancake. Cook on the first side until golden brown, about 4 minutes. Using a large spatula, flip the pancake and cook on the reverse side until golden brown. Remove to a plate and repeat with the remaining batter. Cut the pancakes into wedges and serve with soy sauce for dipping. <END>
INPUT: American, mexican, casserole, cumin, chili powder, cinnamon, wine vinegar, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mexican Chicken and Vegetable Casserole | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 teaspoon ground cumin; 1 teaspoon chili powder; 1/2 teaspoon cinnamon; 2 teaspoons white-wine vinegar; 3 garlic cloves; 3 tablespoons vegetable oil; 8 chicken thighs (about 2 pounds); 1 large onion, sliced thin; 2 tomatoes, chopped coarse; 4 zucchini (about 1 1/2 pounds), scrubbed, quartered lengthwise, and cut crosswise into 3/4-inch pieces; 1/4 cup chicken broth; 1 to 2 tablespoons drained minced pickled jalapeño pepper (wear rubber gloves); 1 red bell pepper, cut into 1/2-inch pieces; 1 cup fresh or thawed frozen corn; 1/4 teaspoon dried orégano, crumbled | INSTRUCTIONS: In a small bowl whisk together the cumin, the chili powder, the cinnamon, the vinegar, 1 of the garlic cloves, minced and mashed to a paste with a pinch of salt, 1 tablespoon of the oil, salt and pepper to taste, coating the chicken with the spice paste, and grill it on an oiled grill set about 6 inches over glowing coals or in an oiled ridged grill pan set over moderately high heat, turning it once, for 12 to 15 minutes on each side, or until it is cooked through. While the chicken is cooking, in a skillet cook the onion in the remaining 2 tablespoons oil over moderate heat, stirring occasion <END>
INPUT: American, york, steak, olive oil, shallot, Merlot, cornstarch
OUTPUT: TITLE: New York Strip Steak with Sauce Robert over Baby Potatoes | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon olive oil; 1 shallot, minced; 1 cup (about 3 ounces) white mushrooms, cleaned, trimmed and sliced; 1/2 cup Merlot; 2 teaspoons cornstarch; 1 tablespoon water; 2 teaspoons tomato paste; 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard; 1/4 cup demi-glace; 2 teaspoons fresh finely minced flat-leaf parsley (from about 3 to 4 large sprigs); Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 6 ounces bacon strips; 1 large onion, diced; 12 baby potatoes (about 3 pounds), sliced; Salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: For the sauce, heat the olive oil in a medium saucepan over medium-high heat, and saute the shallot until it becomes translucent. Add the mushrooms and cook until they are tender and give up their juices. (While the mushrooms are cooling, begin sauteing the bacon in a separate skillet for the potatoes.) Add the merlot and cook for about 5 minutes. Meanwhile, in a separate small bowl, make a slurry with 1 tablespoon water and the cornstarch, then add the tomato paste and Dijon mustard and mix thoroughly until smooth. Add this mixture to the pan of mushrooms along with demi-glace and parsley. Se <END>
INPUT: cakes, potatoes, garlic, kosher salt, fine cornmeal, parsley
OUTPUT: TITLE: Garlic Potato Cakes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 1/2 pound red potatoes, scrubbed and halved; 12 garlic cloves, peeled; 1 teaspoon kosher salt; 1/2 cup fine yellow cornmeal; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley; 1 large egg; 1 large egg yolk; 2 tablespoons whole milk; 3 tablespoons olive oil; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper to taste | INSTRUCTIONS: Place the potatoes, garlic, and the 1 teaspoon kosher salt in an 8-quart pan and fill with enough water to cover the potatoes. Bring the water to a gentle boil and cook until the potatoes are just tender. Drain the potatoes, return them to the pot, and stir over medium heat for 1 minute to dry the potatoes. Add 3 tablespoons of the cornmeal and the parsley and mash everything together with a potato masher, leaving the mixture chunky. Whisk together the egg, egg yolk, milk, and 1 tablespoon of the oil in a small bowl. Stir the mixture into the potatoes and season with salt and pepper. Spread th <END>
INPUT: salad, banana blossoms, vinegar, Vinaigrette, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Banana Blossom Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 small banana blossoms, or 4 cups well-packed finely julienned banana blossom strips; 2 tablespoons white vinegar; 4 tablespoons White Vinaigrette, recipe follows; 2 cups shredded, poached chicken breast; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 1/8 teaspoon pepper; 2 teaspoons fresh lime juice; 1 ruby red grapefruit, sectioned and each segment torn into thirds, optional; 2 teaspoons chopped rau rum (Vietnamese mint), or regular mint; 6 tablespoons chili fish sauce; 4 tablespoons crispy shallot flakes; 4 tablespoons chopped roasted peanuts; 1 cup sugar; 1 teaspoon salt; 1 cup white vinegar | INSTRUCTIONS: Peel off and discard the tough, old outer layers (called bracts) of the banana blossom. Use a Japanese mandolin with the thinnest setting and cut into fine julienne strips; immediately plunge into large bowl of cold water and the white vinegar. When ready to prepare the salad, remove the julienne strips and shake off the tiny white buds (chopped up baby buds). Rinse and drain. Squeeze dry of the excess water. Place 4 cups well packed strips into a bowl. Add the white vinaigrette and toss for a few seconds. Pour off the excess liquid. In a separate bowl, toss the shredded chicken with salt, pep <END>
INPUT: Mexican, soup, each onion, roasted chile, vegetable oil, chicken broth, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tortilla Soup | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup each 1/2-inch diced vegetables: yellow onion, green bell pepper, red bell pepper, and tomato; 1/2 cup roasted green chile, cut into a small dice; 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, plus more for frying; 4 cups chicken broth; 2 tablespoons finely chopped garlic; 1/4 teaspoon ground comino (cumin); 2 cups Enchilada Chicken, recipe follows; 6 each white corn tortillas, cut into 1/4-inch wide strips; 6 each blue corn tortillas, cut into 1/4-inch wide strips; 3 tablespoons cornstarch; Chopped cilantro leaves, as needed; 1 tablespoon fresh lime juice; Salt, as needed; 1 cup crushed corn tortilla chips | INSTRUCTIONS: Begin with a large pot. Saute the vegetables and chile briefly in about 2 tablespoons of vegetable oil over medium-high heat for 3 to 4 minutes. When the vegetables are limp, add the broth and add the garlic and cumin and bring to a boil. Reduce heat, add chicken, and simmer for 10 to 15 minutes. Meanwhile (or beforehand), fry the corn tortilla strips in 350 degree F oil for 2 minutes until crispy. Drain well on paper towels. At the Blue Corn Cafe, we always have tons of chips around so we used crushed ones for garnish on the bottom of the soup bowl...the strips are added at the top. We, of co <END>
INPUT: American, breakfast, tart, Butter, Flour, unroll bake refrigerated, egg, vegetable oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Breakfast Tart with Pancetta and Green Onions | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: Butter, for greasing the pan; Flour, for dusting the pan; 1 unroll-and-bake refrigerated 9-inch pie crust (recommended: Pillsbury); 1 egg white, lightly beaten; 2 teaspoons vegetable oil; 3 ounces pancetta, cut into 1/4-inch pieces; 5 eggs, at room temperature, lightly beaten; 1/2 cup (4 ounces) mascarpone cheese, at room temperature; 2 cups (8 ounces) shredded Gruyere; 3 green onions, thinly sliced; 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt; 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Special equipment: 9-inch tart pan with removable base Put an oven rack in the center of the oven. Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Butter and flour the bottom and sides of a 9-inch tart pan. Unroll the pie crust and arrange it in the prepared pan. Gently press the crust into the bottom and sides of the pan. Trim any excess crust from the top of the pan. With the tines of a fork, prick the pastry in several places. Using a pastry brush, coat the crust with the beaten egg white. Put the pan on a baking sheet and bake until the egg white has set, about 10 minutes <END>
INPUT: Italian, risotto, sweet chorizo, olive oil, onion, Carnaroli rice Arborio, wine
OUTPUT: TITLE: Red Wine Risotto with Chorizo | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup minced sweet chorizo; 1 tablespoon olive oil; 1 small white onion, minced; 2 cups Carnaroli rice or Arborio, if not available; 2 cups red wine; 4 cups chicken stock, warmed; 2 tablespoons butter; 2 cups grated Mancego, plus more, for garnish; 1 cup peas, frozen, fresh, or canned; Chopped parsley, as a garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Render chorizo in a saucepan that is large enough for risotto. Remove chorizo but leave fat in the pan. Add the olive oil and cook the onions until translucent. Add the rice. Stir for about 3 to 4 minutes. Add the wine and cook down. Start adding the stock, two ounces at a time, keeping the heat on low. Stir constantly with a wooden spoon until cooked, should be al dente. Finish with butter, cheese, peas, and chorizo. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, corn, unsalted butter, cayenne pepper, Juice limes, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Corn on the Cob with Cayenne and Lime | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 6 ears corn, husked and cleaned of silk; 6 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1 to 2 teaspoons cayenne pepper, or to taste; Juice of 2 limes (about 2 tablespoons); 1 teaspoon salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring a large pot of salted water to the boil. Add the corn and cook just 4 minutes, no longer. Meanwhile, melt the butter with the cayenne. Add the lime juice and salt. Drain the corn, brush generously with the flavored butter and serve immediately. <END>
INPUT: citrus, shrimp, orange juice, lime juice, olive oil, Dijon mustard
OUTPUT: TITLE: Citrus Grilled Shrimp over Greens | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound large raw shrimp, peeled and deveined (leave tail on for presentation); 1/2 cup orange juice; 1 tablespoon lime juice; 2 teaspoons olive oil; 2 teaspoons Dijon mustard; 1/2 teaspoon finely grated lime zest from 1 lime, reserve lime; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/4 teaspoon ground black pepper; Metal or wooden skewers; 2 teaspoons fresh thyme leaves; 2 teaspoons chopped fresh chives; 6 cups mixed lettuces (any combination Romaine, Bibb, endive, or baby greens); 1 cup halved cherry tomatoes | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Coat an outdoor grill or stove-top grill pan with cooking spray and preheat to medium-high. Skewer shrimp on metal or wooden skewers or place in a grilling basket. Set aside. Zest lime, then slice in half and place on grill. In a small bowl, whisk together orange juice, lime juice, oil, mustard, lime zest, salt, and black pepper. Remove 3 tablespoons of citrus mixture and brush all over shrimp (reserve remaining mixture to use as a vinaigrette for the greens). Grill shrimp 3 minutes on 1 side. Flip and cook 1 to 3 more minutes, until shrimp are bright pink and co <END>
INPUT: chicken thighs, Salt, olive oil, paprika, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken Thighs with Kale | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 to 8 chicken thighs, depending on the size; Salt; 1 tablespoon olive oil; Pinch paprika; 4 cloves garlic, peeled; 2 Fresno chiles, sliced in rings; 1 Spanish onion, sliced; 1/2 cup Marcona almonds; 2 bunches kale, rinsed, dried and roughly chopped; 1 fresh bay leaf; 1/2 cup chopped fresh parsley; Zest of 1 lemon | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Sprinkle the chicken thighs liberally with salt. Heat a Dutch oven over medium heat, add the oil and brown the thighs skin-side down for 3 minutes per side. Season with a pinch of paprika, stir until the spice releases its aroma and then remove the chicken and set aside. Add the garlic, chiles and onions to the pan and sweat for 4 minutes. Add the almonds, kale, bay leaf, 1 cup of water and a liberal amount of salt and bring to a simmer. Top with the chicken skin-side up and bake for 20 minutes. Top with the parsley and lemon zest and serve. <END>
INPUT: American, melt, clarified butter, Spanish onion, cremini mushrooms, Salt, rye bread
OUTPUT: TITLE: Brisket Melt with Steak Sauce | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons clarified butter, plus more for toasting; 1/2 Spanish onion, sliced; 1 cup sliced cremini mushrooms; Salt; 4 thick-cut slices rye bread; 8 slices mozzarella; 10 ounces sliced cooked brisket; 1/4 cup Steak Sauce, recipe follows; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 4 cloves garlic, ground; 2 shallots, ground; 1 portobello cap, ground; 1/2 cup Worcestershire sauce; 1/4 cup balsamic vinegar; 2 tablespoons ketchup | INSTRUCTIONS: On a hot griddle, add the clarified butter, and then add the onions. Cook until just tender, and add the mushrooms. Season with salt, and cook until caramalized. Set aside to cool. To assemble the sandwich, top one slice of the bread with 2 slices of mozzarella, 5 ounces sliced brisket, 2 tablespoons of the Steak Sauce, half of the caramelized onions and mushrooms and 2 more slices of mozzarella, then top with another slice of bread. Repeat for the remaining sandwich. Ladle some clarified butter on the griddle and place the sandwiches in the butter. Cook the sandwiches on both sides until the  <END>
INPUT: Indian, artichokes, lamb shoulder, virgin olive oil, onions, parsley, saffron
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lamb with Artichokes, Lemon and Olives | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 2 pounds lamb shoulder, trimmed and cut; 2 ounces extra virgin olive oil; 3 large onions, finely chopped; 1 cup finely chopped parsley; 1 pinch saffron; 1 teaspoon black pepper; 3 bay leaves; 1 tablespoon cumin; 3 cloves garlic; 1/3 teaspoon turmeric; Salt to taste; 4 cups water; 1 preserved lemon, cubed; 1/2 cup green olives; 1/2 preserved lemon cut into 1/3-inch thick rounds | INSTRUCTIONS: For the lamb: Trim the lamb shoulder to remove all the fat and cube into medium size pieces. In a Dutch oven or large sauce pot heat the olive oil until hot and saute the onions until soft, about 3 to 4 minutes. Next, add the lamb pieces and cook for approximately 2 to 4 minutes. Add the saffron, pepper, parsley, bay leaves, 1 tablespoon cumin, and 1/3 teaspoon turmeric. Mix well and cook for an additional 5 minutes. Add the water, cover the pot, reduce the heat and simmer for 45 minutes to 1 hour. When the lamb is tender, transfer it to a separate casserole with a small amount of sauce to kee <END>
INPUT: grapefruit, bell pepper, clarified butter, lemon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grapefruit Crab | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 small grapefruit, halved; 1 green bell pepper, finely chopped; 1 red bell pepper, finely chopped; 1 tablespoon clarified butter; 1 lemon, juiced; 8 ounces cooked crabmeat, finely chopped; 8 ounces mayonnaise; 1 ounce pimento, sliced thinly | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat broiler. To section grapefruit, cut out core, then cut along the sides of the "shell" and remove fruit, keeping skin intact. Remove membranes. Saute grapefruit sections and peppers in clarified butter on medium heat. Add lemon and crabmeat. Reduce heat to low. Spoon saute mixture into grapefruit shells. Spoon mayonnaise on top. Cross 2 pimentos on top of mayonnaise. Broil for 4 minutes. <END>
INPUT: glaze, balsamic vinegar, wine, lemon juice, salmon fillets skin
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Salmon Fillets with Balsamic Glaze | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup balsamic vinegar; 1/2 cup dry white wine; 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 2 tablespoons (packed) dark brown sugar; 6 5- to 6-ounce salmon fillets with skin; Olive oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine first 4 ingredients in medium saucepan. Boil until reduced to 1/3 cup, about 17 minutes. Season glaze to taste with salt and pepper. (Can be made 1 week ahead. Cover and refrigerate. Rewarm over low heat before using.) Prepare barbecue (medium-high heat). Brush salmon lightly with oil; sprinkle with salt and pepper. Grill salmon, flesh side down first, until just opaque in center, about 5 minutes per side. Transfer salmon to platter. Drizzle glaze over salmon. Combine first 4 ingredients in medium saucepan. Boil until reduced to 1/3 cup, about 17 minutes. Season glaze to taste with sal <END>
INPUT: meatballs, turkey, egg, seasoned bread crumbs, onions, garlic powder
OUTPUT: TITLE: Turkey Meatballs | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 lb ground turkey; 1 egg; 1/2 cup seasoned bread crumbs; 1 tsp chopped onions; 1/4 tsp garlic powder; 1/8 tsp black pepper; 1 tbsp tomato paste or 2 tbsp ketchup | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 400 degrees. Combine all the ingredients and mix thoroughly. Form meatballs from 1 tbsp of mixture mold into the shape of a ball. Bake 15 to 20 minutes on a lightly oiled 10 x 15 x 1 inch pan, or until the meatballs are no longer pink in the center. Preheat oven to 400 degrees. Combine all the ingredients and mix thoroughly. Form meatballs from 1 tbsp of mixture mold into the shape of a ball. Bake 15 to 20 minutes on a lightly oiled 10 x 15 x 1 inch pan, or until the meatballs are no longer pink in the center. <END>
INPUT: American, smoked pork butt, rub, pork sandwich slaw, loaf spongy bread, Hungarian paprika
OUTPUT: TITLE: Bbq Pork Sandwich | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 recipe shredded smoked pork butt, recipe follows; 1 recipe dry rub, recipe follows; 1 recipe pork sandwich slaw, recipe follows; 1 loaf spongy white bread; 1/2 cup Hungarian paprika; 1/4 ground black pepper; 1/8 cup salt; 1/4 cup sugar; 1 1/2 tablespoons garlic powder; 1 1/2 tablespoons cayenne pepper; 1 1/2 tablespoons onion powder; 1 (5 to 8 pound) Boston pork butt; 1 recipe dry rub (above); 1 cup molasses; 2 cups shredded cabbage | INSTRUCTIONS: Mix all ingredients in bowl until well blended and reserve. Massage pork with about half dry rub mixture the day before cooking. Refrigerate, covered well, overnight. Remove pork from cooler, rub down with another portion of dry rub, so that it is covered well. Next, brush molasses over top of pork. Preheat smoker to 200 degrees. Place pork in smoker, smoke for 8 to 10 hours or until internal temperature reaches 170 degrees. In the meantime prepare the slaw, and sauce for the sandwich. Remove pork from smoker and let sit for 20 minutes. Pull off meat and shred or chop as preferred. Mix ingredi <END>
INPUT: Italian, cherries, wine, sugar, vanilla bean, basil leaves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Poached Cherries with Ricotta | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 2 1/4 pounds cherries, pitted, room temperature; 2 cups dry red wine; 2/3 cup sugar; 1 vanilla bean, scraped; 3 basil leaves; 2 strips lemon zest (3 inches each); 1 1/2 cups fresh ricotta cheese | INSTRUCTIONS: Place cherries in a large shallow bowl; set aside. In a medium saucepan, combine wine, sugar, vanilla, basil, and lemon zest. Bring to a boil over medium-high heat, stirring occasionally. Pour hot liquid over cherries. Set aside until mixture is room temperature, and cherries are slightly soft, about 1 hour. Drain cherries, reserving the poaching liquid. Discard basil, vanilla bean, and lemon zest. Return cherries to large bowl. Place reserved poaching liquid in a medium saucepan. Bring to a boil over medium-high heat; continue to boil until liquid has reduced to 1 cup, about 10 minutes. Pour  <END>
INPUT: chip, meringues, egg whites, sugar, mint extract mint, unsweetened chocolate, semisweet chocolate
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mint Chocolate-Chip Meringues | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup egg whites (from about 4 eggs); 2/3 cup sugar; 1/2 teaspoon mint extract or mint flavoring (not mint oil); 2 ounces unsweetened chocolate, finely chopped or grated; 2 ounces semisweet chocolate; Additional equipment: A pastry bag fitted with a large plain or star tip, 2 cookie sheets, well greased, or lined with parchment paper, or lined with  | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat oven to 325 degrees F. Heat the egg whites and sugar in the top of a double boiler set over barely simmering water until warm to the touch (this will help you get more air into the whites when you whip them). Transfer to a mixer fitted with a whisk attachment and whip until soft peaks form. Add the mint extract and continue whipping just until stiff and glossy. Fold in the chopped unsweetened chocolate. Scrape the mixture into a pastry bag. Pipe bite-size kisses onto the cookie sheets and bake until the meringues are the color of milky coffee, 25 to 30 minutes. To test, remove one meringu <END>
INPUT: American, breadcrumbs, olive oil, shallots, rosemary, sourdough croutons, Italian parsley
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mac and Cheese with Sourdough Breadcrumbs | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon olive oil; 1 cup finely chopped shallots; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh rosemary; 2 cups sourdough croutons (see Caesar Salad recipeepi:recipelink), coarsely crumbled; 1/4 cup chopped fresh Italian parsley; 1/4 cup all purpose flour; 3/4 teaspoon cayenne pepper; 1/2 teaspoon ground nutmeg; 6 tablespoons (3/4 stick) butter; 4 cups whole milk; 3 cups (packed) coarsely grated extrasharp cheddar cheese, divided; 3 cups (packed) coarsely grated Fontina cheese, divided; 1/2 cup grated Pecorino Romano cheese, divided; 8 cups reserved cooked ziti; Chopped fresh Italian parsley | INSTRUCTIONS: For breadcrumb topping: Heat oil in skillet over medium-high heat. Add shallots and rosemary; sauté 5 minutes. Mix in croutons. Cool; stir in parsley. Heat oil in skillet over medium-high heat. Add shallots and rosemary; sauté 5 minutes. Mix in croutons. Cool; stir in parsley. For mac and cheese: Preheat oven to 375°F. Butter 13 x 9 x 2-inch glass baking dish. Whisk flour, cayenne, and nutmeg in small bowl. Melt butter in heavy large pot over medium-high heat. Add flour mixture; stir 1 minute (do not brown). Gradually whisk in milk and bring to simmer. Cook until sauce thickens, 4 to 5 minutes <END>
INPUT: Mexican, fish, tilapia fillets, Kosher salt pepper, all purpose flour, eggs, bread crumbs
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chili Lime Fish Fry | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 4 tilapia fillets; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 cup all-purpose flour; 2 eggs, beaten; 1 cup bread crumbs; 2 limes, zested and juiced; 2 tablespoons chili powder, a couple of palmfuls; 2 teaspoons garlic powder, 2/3 palmful; 2 teaspoons onion powder, 2/3 palmful; 2 tablespoons fresh chopped thyme leaves or 2 teaspoons dried; 1/4 cup vegetable, canola or safflower oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Season the fish with salt and pepper. Arrange 3 shallow dishes. Put the flour in 1 dish and add the eggs to the second dish. Combine the bread crumbs in the third dish and season with 1 tablespoon of lime zest, 2 tablespoons of chili powder, the garlic powder, onion powder and thyme. Coat the fish in the flour, then the egg and then the bread crumbs. Heat the oil, about 1/4 cup, in large skillet over medium to medium-high heat. If your pan is not large enough to fry 4 fillets, in a single layer, heat the oven to 275 degrees F and put a cooling rack on a baking sheet. As you fry the fish, trans <END>
INPUT: American, warm, thanksgiving, virgin olive oil, thyme, shallots, garlic, wine
OUTPUT: TITLE: Warm Thanksgiving Salad of Clams, Mussels, and Mushrooms | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 1/2 bunch fresh thyme; 4 shallots, diced; 2 cloves garlic, crushed; 1/4 cup white wine; 1/4 cup chicken stock; 2 pounds clams, cleaned; 2 pounds black mussels, cleaned; 1 pound assorted Pennsylvania mushrooms, such as cremini, oyster, shiitake; Salt and freshly ground pepper; 1 bunch chives, chopped; Salad greens, for garnish; Prepared walnut vinaigrette, for salad greens | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large shallow wide pan, heat 2 tablespoons olive oil over medium heat. Add the thyme, shallots, and garlic. Add the wine and cover with a lid; then add the chicken stock and re-cover. Place the clams and mussels in the pan and cover with the lid to steam them. It should take about 3 minutes for the clams and mussels to open. When they open, remove them from pan onto a flat tray and allow to cool. Increase the heat to reduce the remaining liquid in the pan by half and then turn off the heat. Remove the clams and mussels from their shells and return them to the reduced cooking liquid. Meanw <END>
INPUT: brown, shortbread, pecans, sifted all purpose, coarse kosher salt, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Brown Butter Pecan Shortbread | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup pecans, toasted; 1 cup (2 sticks) unsalted butter, room temperature, divided; 2 cups sifted all purpose flour; 1/4 teaspoon coarse kosher salt; 1/2 cup sugar; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract | INSTRUCTIONS: Grind pecans in processor until coarse meal forms. Melt 1/2 cup butter in small skillet over medium heat. Cook until dark amber, stirring often, about 6 minutes (do not burn). Pour through fine strainer into small bowl. Chill just until firm, about 1 hour. Preheat oven to 300°F. Whisk flour and salt to blend. Using electric mixer, beat brown butter, 1/2 cup butter, and sugar in large bowl until creamy. Beat in vanilla, then nuts. Gradually beat in flour mixture on low speed just to blend. Transfer dough to sheet of parchment paper. Form dough into rectangle. Place second sheet of parchment pap <END>
INPUT: peaches, lemon juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Brown Sugar Peaches | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 pounds fresh peaches, peeled, pitted, sliced lengthwise, slices cut crosswise in half; 1/2 cup (packed) golden brown sugar; 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice | INSTRUCTIONS: Gently toss sliced peaches, golden brown sugar, and fresh lemon juice in large bowl to blend. Let stand at room temperature until juices form, tossing occasionally, about 2 hours. Gently toss sliced peaches, golden brown sugar, and fresh lemon juice in large bowl to blend. Let stand at room temperature until juices form, tossing occasionally, about 2 hours. <END>
INPUT: caramels, Vegetable oil greasing, light sugar, heavy cream, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Butter Rum Caramels | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Vegetable oil for greasing; 2 cups packed light brown sugar (14 oz); 1 cup heavy cream; 1/2 stick (1/4 cup) unsalted butter; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 1/4 cup plus 1 teaspoon dark rum; 1/4 teaspoon vanilla; Special equipment: parchment paper; a candy or deep-fat thermometer | INSTRUCTIONS: Line bottom and sides of an 8-inch square baking pan with parchment paper and oil parchment. Bring brown sugar, cream, butter, salt, and 1/4 cup rum to a boil in a 3- to 4-quart heavy saucepan, stirring until butter is melted, then boil over moderate heat, stirring frequently, until thermometer registers 248°F (firm-ball stage), about 15 minutes. Remove from heat and stir in vanilla and remaining teaspoon rum. Pour into baking pan and cool completely until firm, 1 to 2 hours. Invert caramel onto a cutting board, then discard parchment and turn caramel glossy side up. Cut into 1-inch squares. L <END>
INPUT: peachy, pops, Smucker's® Simply Fruit®, Smucker's® Orchard's Finest®, wooden
OUTPUT: TITLE: Peachy Black Cherry Yogurt Pops | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup Smucker's® Simply Fruit® Black Cherry Spreadable Fruit; 2 (6 oz.) containers Greek vanilla yogurt; 1/3 cup Smucker's® Orchard's Finest® Coastal Valley Peach Apricot Preserves; 6 (3 oz.) disposable plastic cups; 6 wooden sticks | INSTRUCTIONS: STIR black cherry spreadable fruit in small bowl until smooth. Stir together yogurt and peach apricot preserves in another small bowl. SPOON 1 teaspoon black cherry spreadable fruit in bottom of 6 disposable cups or ice pop molds. Layer with 2 tablespoons yogurt mixture, 1 tablespoon black cherry spreadable fruit and 2 tablespoons yogurt mixture. Insert stick. FREEZE at least 2 hours or until solidly frozen. <END>
INPUT: ganache, tart, all purpose flour, sugar, coarse kosher salt, heavy whipping cream
OUTPUT: TITLE: Bittersweet Chocolate and Carob Ganache Tart with Malted Candy Brittle | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cups all purpose flour; 3 1/2 tablespoons sugar; 1 teaspoon coarse kosher salt; 3/4 cup (11/2 sticks) chilled unsalted butter, cut into 1/2-inch cubes; 3 tablespoons chilled heavy whipping cream; 1 large egg yolk; 2/3 cup bittersweet chocolate chips (about 4 ounces); 1/3 cup carob chips* (about 2 ounces); 1 cup heavy whipping cream; 1 tablespoon butter, room temperature; 1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract; Malted Candy Brittle | INSTRUCTIONS: For crust: Whisk flour, sugar, and 1 teaspoon coarse salt in large bowl to blend. Add butter and rub in with fingertips until coarse meal forms. Stir cream and egg yolk in small bowl until blended; drizzle over flour mixture. Stir until dough comes together in moist clumps. Gather dough into ball; flatten into disk. Wrap and chill at least 1 hour and up to 1 day. Roll out dough on floured surface to 12-inch round. Transfer to 9-inch tart pan with removable bottom. Cut off all but 1/2-inch overhang. Fold overhang in and press, forming double-thick sides. Pierce bottom of crust with fork; chill  <END>
INPUT: make, baker's chocolate, water, cake flour, baking soda, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: German Chocolate Cake - Make My Cake | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 ounces baker's chocolate (recommend: Baker's German Sweet Chocolate); 1/2 cup water; 2 cups cake flour; 1 teaspoon baking soda; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/2 pound unsalted butter, room temperature; 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract; 1 1/2 cups granulated sugar; 1/2 cup brown sugar; 4 eggs, separated; 1 cup buttermilk; Coconut Pecan Filling, recipe follows, or whatever you prefer; Favorite chocolate frosting, for the sides; 1 1/2 cups evaporated milk; 5 egg yolks, slightly beaten | INSTRUCTIONS: In a microwave safe bowl, add the chocolate and water and heat in a microwave or over a double boiler until melted. Stir until smooth and set aside. In a separate bowl, sift together the cake flour, baking soda and salt. Set aside. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. In the bowl of a stand mixer, cream together the butter, vanilla extract, granulated sugar and brown sugar until light and fluffy. Scrape down the sides of the bowl. Add egg yolks 1 at a time, beating well after each addition. Blend in the melted chocolate. Add the flour mixture and buttermilk, alternating, until just combined. Add <END>
INPUT: shallots, mint, oregano, garlic, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lamb Chops with Lemon | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 large shallots, minced; 6 tablespoons chopped fresh mint; 6 tablespoons chopped fresh oregano; 6 large garlic cloves, minced; 1 tablespoon sugar; 24 lamb rib chops (from three 1 1/4-to 1 1/2-pound racks of lamb, cut between bones into individual chops); 6 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 3 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 1 tablespoon finely grated lemon peel; Fresh oregano sprigs (for garnish) | INSTRUCTIONS: Mix minced shallots, chopped mint, chopped oregano, minced garlic, sugar, and 1 tablespoon salt in small bowl. Press 1 rounded teaspoon shallot-herb mixture onto eye of each lamb chop. Turn chops over onto large rimmed baking sheet. Press remaining shallot- herb mixture onto eye of each chop. Cover lamb chops with sheet of plastic wrap and refrigerate overnight. Whisk olive oil, lemon juice, and lemon peel in small bowl until slightly thickened and well blended. Season lightly with salt and generously with freshly ground black pepper. Spoon oil mixture lightly over chops. Turn chops over and s <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, mousse, water, couscous, sugar, juice oranges, orange flavored liqueur
OUTPUT: TITLE: Couscous Mango Mousse | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup water; 3/4 cup couscous; 4 tablespoons sugar; 2 juice oranges, preferably Valencia; 2 tablespoons orange flavored liqueur; 1 ripe mango (about 1 1/4 pounds); 1 cup heavy (whipping) cream, chilled; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; 1 (8-ounce) container vanilla yogurt | INSTRUCTIONS: In a medium saucepan over medium-high heat, bring the water to a boil. Add the couscous in a stream. Stir once. Remove from the heat. Cover and let stand until the couscous is tender, 12 to 15 minutes. Mix in 2 tablespoons of the sugar. Cover tightly set aside. Scrub one of the oranges under running water and pat dry. With a vegetable peeler, remove the zest, being careful not to peel away any of the white pith. Finely mince the zest. Set aside. Squeeze the oranges to obtain about 3/4 cup of juice. Strain through a medium-meshed sieve into a small saucepan. Over medium heat, boil down the juic <END>
INPUT: Indian, cholent, chick peas, chicken thighs, veal shoulder chops, olive oil, Spanish onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cholent | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound dried chick peas, soaked overnight; 6 chicken thighs, or 2 turkey thighs; 2 veal shoulder chops or 1 1/2 pounds veal stew; 1 to 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1 large Spanish onion, coarsely chopped; 8 cloves garlic, coarsely chopped; 2 tablespoons dark brown sugar; 1 tablespoon ground fenugreek; 2 teaspoon ground cumin; 1 teaspoon ground turmeric; 1/2 teaspoon cinnamon; 2 carrots, cut into 2-inch pieces; 1 1/2 pounds beef kielbasa or smoked bratwurst; 1 cup matzo meal; 3 eggs | INSTRUCTIONS: Wash the chick peas, pick them over and soak overnight in cold water to cover by at least 2 inches. Skin the chicken thighs. Trim and cut the chops into 2-inch chunks. Trim the meat of as much fat as possible. Set aside. In a hot saute pan, heat the olive oil, and brown the meat in batches. Brown the onions, then the garlic. Drain and place the chick peas, onions, and garlic in a Dutch oven. Stir in the spices and sugar. Add the veal and chicken. Add water to cover. Cook over low heat for 1 hour. Skim off 2 tablespoons of fat and 1/2 cup of liquid from the cholent. Let this cool a little and m <END>
INPUT: bolognese, wheat fettuccini, olive oil, onion, carrots, celery
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fettuccini Bolognese | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 pound whole-wheat fettuccini; 1 tablespoon olive oil; 1 small onion finely chopped (about 1 cup); 2 carrots, finely chopped (about 1/2 cup); 2 stalks celery, finely chopped (about 1/2 cup); 8 ounces mushrooms, finely chopped; 3 cloves garlic, minced; 1 pound lean ground beef (90 to 95 percent lean); 2 tablespoons fresh thyme leaves or 2 teaspoons dried; 2 (14 1/2-ounce) can no salt added diced tomatoes with juice; 1/2 cup low-sodium chicken broth; 1/4 cup fat-free evaporated milk or regular whole milk; Salt and pepper to taste; 1/4 cup grated Parmesan | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Set a large pot of water on the stove to boil, and cook the fettuccini according to the directions on the box. In the meantime, heat the oil in a large skillet over a medium-high heat. Add the onion, carrots, and celery and cook for 5 minutes, stirring occasionally. Add the mushrooms and cook for 5 minutes more, stirring occasionally. Add the garlic, ground beef, and thyme and cook until the meat is browned, breaking it up into small pieces as it cooks, about 5 minutes. Stir in the tomatoes and broth and cook for 5 minutes, or until sauce is thickened. Stir in th <END>
INPUT: cake, all purpose flour, baking soda, salt, unsalted butter, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Banana Chocolate Walnut Cake | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 1/4 cups all-purpose flour; 1 teaspoon baking soda; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1 stick unsalted butter, softened, plus 2 tablespoons, melted and cooled; 1 cup sugar, divided; 2 large eggs; 1 1/4 cups mashed very ripe bananas (about 3 medium); 2/3 cup plain whole-milk yogurt; 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract; 1 (3 1/2- to 4-ounce) bar 70%-cacao bittersweet chocolate, coarsely chopped; 1 cup walnuts (3 ounces), toasted , cooled, and coarsely chopped; 1/2 teaspoon cinnamon | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 375°F with rack in middle. Butter a 9-inch square cake pan. Stir together flour, baking soda, and salt. Beat together softened butter (1 stick) and 3/4 cup sugar in a medium bowl with an electric mixer at medium speed until pale and fluffy, then beat in eggs 1 at a time until blended. Beat in bananas, yogurt, and vanilla (mixture will look curdled). With mixer at low speed, add flour mixture and mix until just incorporated. Toss together chocolate, nuts, cinnamon, melted butter, and remaining 1/4 cup sugar in a small bowl. Spread half of banana batter in cake pan and sprinkle w <END>
INPUT: chocolate, pretzel, cocoa powder, scalding hot coffee, buttermilk, canola grapeseed oil, pure vanilla extract
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate Peanut Butter Pretzel Cupcakes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 cup cocoa powder; 2/3 cup scalding-hot coffee; 2/3 cup buttermilk; 1/3 cup canola or grapeseed oil; 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract; 1 large egg; 1 large egg yolk; 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt; 1 1/3 cups all purpose flour; 1 3/4 cups sugar; 3/4 teaspoon baking powder; 1/2 teaspoon baking soda; One recipe French Buttercream; 1/2 cup all-natural peanut butter; 1 teaspoon kosher salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Chocolate Cake Preheat the oven to 350°F. Line two cupcake pans with 24 baking cups. Place the cocoa powder in the bowl of a stand mixer with the paddle attachment and pour the hot coffee over. Mix on low speed until a thick paste forms and the mixture stops steaming, about 1 minute. Increase the mixer speed to medium. In a 4-cup measuring cup, combine the buttermilk, oil, vanilla, egg, egg yolk, and salt and mix lightly with a fork, ensuring yolks are broken. Slowly pour into the mixer bowl. Stop the mixer, detach the paddle, and scrape the bottom of the bowl well to loosen any caked-on cocoa <END>
INPUT: spiced, ketchup, peaches, cinnamon, chipotle chile adobo
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spiced Peach Ketchup | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup ketchup; 1 cup diced ripe peaches; 1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1 chipotle chile in adobo sauce | INSTRUCTIONS: Puree the ketchup, peaches, cinnamon and chipotle in a blender until smooth. Refrigerate for up to 1 week. <END>
INPUT: cake, all purpose flour, cinnamon, allspice, baking soda
OUTPUT: TITLE: Caramel Apple Cake | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 1/2 cups all-purpose flour; 2 teaspoons cinnamon; 1 teaspoon ground cloves; 1/2 teaspoon allspice; 2 teaspoons baking soda; 1 teaspoon salt; 2 eggs; 1 1/2 cups brown sugar; 2 cups unsweetened applesauce; 1 cup vegetable oil; 2 teaspoons vanilla extract; 60 caramel candies; 2 tablespoons water; 3/4 cup walnuts, toasted and finely chopped; Waxed paper | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: Waxed paper 1 large craft stick Heat the oven to 350 degrees F. Grease and flour 2 (1 1/2-quart) oven-safe bowls. Combine the first 6 ingredients in a large bowl mixing bowl. In a separate bowl, beat together the remaining cake ingredients, then add this mixture to the dry ingredients, and beat until well mixed. Pour the batter into the prepared bowls and bake for 60 to 70 minutes or until a knife inserted in the center comes out clean. Allow the cakes to cool in the bowls for 10 minutes, then remove them from the bowls, and set them inverted on wire racks to cool completely <END>
INPUT: salad, dressing, verjus grape juice, grapeseed oil, shallot, thyme leaves, thyme
OUTPUT: TITLE: Honey-Roasted Pear Salad with Thyme Verjus Dressing | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/3 cup verjus or 3 tablespoons white grape juice and 2 tablespoons apple cider vinegar; 1/3 cup grapeseed oil; 1 large shallot, finely chopped; 2 teaspoons fresh thyme leaves; 3 bunches fresh thyme sprigs; 4 ripe but firm Bartlett pears (about 2 1/2 pounds), halved, cored; 1/4 cup honey; 1 head of butter lettuce, coarsely torn; 4 ounces baby arugula; 6 ounces blue cheese, sliced or coarsely crumbled; 1/2 cup hazelnuts, toasted, coarsely chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: For dressing: Whisk all ingredients in small bowl to blend. Season dressing to taste with salt and pepper. Whisk all ingredients in small bowl to blend. Season dressing to taste with salt and pepper. For pears and salad: Preheat oven to 400°F. Scatter thyme sprigs on rimmed baking sheet. Place pear halves, cut side down, on work surface. Starting 1/2 inch from stem and leaving pear half intact, cut each lengthwise into scant 1/3- to 1/2-inch-wide slices. Press pear gently to fan slices; place atop thyme sprigs. Drizzle pears with honey; sprinkle with salt and pepper. Bake until pears are tende <END>
INPUT: creamy peanut butter, granulated sugar more, egg, baking powder, vanilla extract
OUTPUT: TITLE: Peanut Butter Cookies | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup creamy peanut butter; 1 cup granulated sugar plus more for rolling the cookies in; 1 large egg, lightly beaten with a fork; 1 teaspoon baking powder; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees. Line baking sheets with either parchment paper or silicone baking mats. In a large bowl mix the peanut butter with the 1 cup of sugar, using a wooden spoon. Stir until well blended. Add the egg, baking powder, and vanilla and stir well. Pour some additional sugar in a small bowl. Scoop out 1 tablespoon of the dough and roll it into a ball. Roll the dough ball in some of the remaining sugar and place on the prepared baking sheets. Repeat with the remaining dough, spacing the cookies 2 inches apart. Using a dinner fork, first stick the tines of the fork in sugar  <END>
INPUT: water
OUTPUT: TITLE: Onion Tart | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 350 g (12 ounces/2 1/3 cups) plain (all-purpose) flour; 180 g (6 1/2 ounces) cold unsalted butter, chopped; 2 tablespoons cold water; 1 kg (2 pounds 4 ounces/about 6) brown onions, roughly chopped or sliced; 60 ml (1/4 cup) olive oil; 4 egg yolks; 250 ml (1 cup) pure cream (35% fat); Pinch of freshly grated nutmeg; Sea salt and freshly ground black pepper; 26–28 cm (10 1/4–11 inch) tart (flan) tin with a removable base | INSTRUCTIONS: To make the pastry, process the flour, butter and water together in a food processor for a few minutes until a rough dough forms. Remove, wrap in plastic wrap and refrigerate for 30 minutes. Preheat the oven to 180°C (350°F/Gas 4). Roll the dough out on a floured bench and gently press into the tin. Trim the pastry to fit and reserve the left-over pastry to patch any cracks. To blind-bake the tart, line the pastry shell with foil and fill with baking weights or uncooked rice or beans. Bake until cooked, about 20 minutes. Remove the foil and weights and bake for an additional 15–20 minutes unti <END>
INPUT: york, chopped, mixed salad greens, romaine leaves, grape tomatoes, kidney beans, mixed olives
OUTPUT: TITLE: New York-Style Chopped Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 cups mixed salad greens; 8 whole romaine leaves; 1 pint grape tomatoes, halved; One 14-ounce can kidney beans, drained and rinsed; One 4-ounce can pitted mixed olives; 2 red bell peppers, sliced; 2 yellow bell peppers, sliced; 4 hard-boiled eggs, peeled and sliced; 2 avocados, sliced; 8 ounces mushrooms, sliced; 8 ounces fresh mozzarella, cubed; 1 English cucumber, halved then sliced; 1 bunch asparagus, blanched and sliced into pieces; 1/2 cup sunflower seeds; 8 radishes, halved | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Lay out the greens and all the fixings in small dishes. Have a big stainless bowl with tongs. Have everyone build their own salad by throwing what they want into the bowl. Toss and tip the salad onto a cutting board. With 2 knives, quickly chop the salad so that it's chopped into smaller pieces. Throw it back into the metal dish and toss with Herby Ranch Dressing. Transfer to a plate and sprinkle with a little salt and pepper. Combine the mayonnaise, buttermilk, sour cream, parsley, chives, oregano, vinegar, Worcestershire sauce and salt and pepper to taste in a  <END>
INPUT: cranberry, cranberries, orange juice, unsalted butter, confectioners sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cranberry Butter | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup dried cranberries; 1 cup orange juice; 1 cup unsalted butter, at room temperature; 5 tablespoons confectioners sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: In a small saucepan, combine the cranberries and the orange juice and bring to a simmer over medium heat. Remove from the heat and allow to soak for 30 minutes. Drain the cranberries in a sieve and chop them finely. When they are cool, combine with the butter and the confectioners sugar and beat with a wooden spoon until completely combined. Pack into small ramekins or roll into a tube in heavy plastic wrap. Refrigerate until needed, then remove from the refrigerator 15 minutes before serving. <END>
INPUT: Italian, breasts, lemony, ricotta, Gorgonzola, bacon, Kosher salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spinach and Ricotta-Stuffed Chicken Breasts with Lemony White Wine Sauce | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup cooked, chopped, and drained fresh spinach; 1/2 cup ricotta; 1/2 cup Gorgonzola; 4 slices cooked bacon, crumbled; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 large egg; 1/2 cup dry white wine; 1/2 cup homemade chicken stock; 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard; 1 lemon, juiced; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; Chopped parsley leaves, for garnish; 2 (8-ounce) boneless, skinless chicken breast halves; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 tablespoons vegetable oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Make the Stuffing: In a bowl, combine the spinach, ricotta, Gorgonzola, and bacon and mix well. Season with salt and pepper. Add the egg, mix well, and set aside. Make the Sauce: Combine the wine and stock in a non-reactive saucepan. Bring to a boil and reduce to a sauce-like consistency. Whisk in the mustard, lemon juice, and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Set aside. Make the Chicken: Place each chicken breast between 2 doubled-up sheets of plastic wrap, and pound to an even 1/4-inch thickness with a meat-pounder or rolling pin. Divide the stuffing between the breasts, mounding it alo <END>
INPUT: monk, Irish whiskey, hazelnut liqueur, Irish cream liqueur
OUTPUT: TITLE: Irish Monk | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 ounce Irish whiskey; 1/2 ounce hazelnut liqueur, such as Frangelico; 1/2 ounce Irish cream liqueur, such as Baileys | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine the Irish whiskey, hazelnut liqueur and Irish cream liqueur in a rocks glass filled with ice. <END>
INPUT: wrapped, sauce, russet potato, Two center salmon, Vegetable oil frying, spinach
OUTPUT: TITLE: Crispy Potato-Wrapped Salmon with Mustard Sauce and Wilted Spinach | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 large russet potato; Two 9-ounce pieces center-cut salmon fillet, skinned; Vegetable oil for frying; 1 bunch spinach (about 3/4 pound), stems discarded; 3/4 stick (6 tablespoons) plus 1 teaspoon cold unsalted butter, cut into bits; 2 teaspoons fresh lemon juice; 1 teaspoon water; 2 teaspoons whole-grain mustard | INSTRUCTIONS: Peel potato and with a very sharp slicer cut lengthwise into paper-thin slices. On a work surface arrange overlapping potato slices to form a rectangle as wide as one of the salmon pieces is long (about 6 1/2 inches) and long enough to wrap around it (about 8 inches). You will need about 2 overlapping rows of about 4 overlapping slices. Season salmon with salt and pepper and place crosswise over potato "seam" in center of rectangle. Lift potato slices around salmon to enclose, overlapping slightly. Wrap remaining salmon piece in potato slices in same manner. In a large skillet heat 1/3-inch oi <END>
INPUT: Italian, pesto, sesame seeds, romaine lettuce, Kosher salt, asiago cheese, virgin olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Romaine Pesto with Sesame Seeds, Asiago and Sun-Dried Tomatoes | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1/3 cup sesame seeds; 3 cups chopped romaine lettuce; Kosher salt; 1/2 cup asiago cheese; 1/2 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 1/4 to 1/2 cup sun-dried tomatoes, chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: Toast the sesame seeds in a dry skillet until lightly browned; let cool. Pulse in a food processor until finely ground. Add the romaine and 1/4 teaspoon salt and pulse until finely chopped. Add the asiago and pulse to combine. Slowly pour in the olive oil, pulsing to incorporate. Transfer the pesto to a bowl and stir in the sun-dried tomatoes. You'll have about 1 cup pesto; use about 1/2 cup for 1 pound pasta. Photograph by Kana Okada <END>
INPUT: martini, shot citrus vodka, shot cranberry juice, shot passion fruit, shot orange liqueur, cherry juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Passion Fruit Martini | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 shot citrus vodka; 1 shot white cranberry juice; 1 shot passion fruit juice; 1/2 shot orange liqueur; 1 tablespoon cherry juice; Orange peel twist, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine all ingredients in a martini shaker filled with ice. Shake and strain into a martini glass. Garnish with star fruit or orange slice. <END>
INPUT: Italian, gnocchi, yukon gold potatoes, water, spinach, eggs, flour
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spinach Gnocchi | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound yukon gold potatoes, unpeeled; 2 quarts water; 1/2 cup cooked and chopped spinach; 2 eggs; 1 cup flour; 1 teaspoon salt; 1 teaspoon ground black pepper; 3 tablespoons butter; 1 tablespoon poppy seeds | INSTRUCTIONS: Put the potatoes in a pot with the water. Bring the water to a boil and cook the potatoes at a strong simmer for 20 minutes or until tender. Drain the water from the pot and let the potatoes cool for only a few minutes before you begin to pull the skins from the potatoes. Discard the potato skins and, while still hot, pass the potatoes through a ricer into a bowl. To the riced potatoes add the spinach and mix well. Add the eggs, one at a time, and incorporate well. Add the flour in two stages so that only the amount that is necessary will be used to bind the potato. Add the second half of the  <END>
INPUT: Asian, stir, egg whites, sesame oil, cornstarch, Kosher salt pepper, beef top round
OUTPUT: TITLE: Stir-Fried Beef with Green Beans and Peanut Sauce | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 2 large egg whites; 1 teaspoon sesame oil; 2 tablespoons cornstarch; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 pound boneless beef top round, sliced paper-thin against the grain; 8 fresh chives, minced; 1/2 cup peanut oil; 1-inch piece fresh ginger, peeled and minced; 2 garlic cloves, minced; 2 green onions, white and green parts, chopped; 1 dried red chile; 3/4 pound green beans, halved on the bias; 1/2 cup chicken broth; 2 tablespoons low-sodium soy sauce; 1 tablespoon rice vinegar | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. In a mixing bowl, whisk together the egg whites, sesame oil, and 1 tablespoon of the cornstarch until foamy; season with salt and pepper. Add the beef and chives, toss to coat in the marinade and stick it in the refrigerator for 30 minutes. Pour the peanut oil in a large skillet or wok and place over high heat. When the oil is smoking hot, add 1/2 of the beef. (If you fry all the meat at once the oil temperature will drop and the beef will stew instead of crisp.) Fry for 2 minutes then remove to a paper towel to drain; repeat with the remaining beef. Very careful <END>
INPUT: Mexican, sauce, olive oil, catfish fillets, Salt pepper, roasted peppers, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pan Seared Cat Fish with Red Roasted Red Pepper Lime Sauce and Toasted Sunflower Seeds | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon olive oil; 2 1/2 pounds catfish fillets, or any white-fleshed fish fillets, about 5 ounces each; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 1/2 cups chopped roasted red peppers; 2 cloves garlic, minced; 1 tablespoon fresh lime juice; 1 teaspoon minced fresh ginger; 1 teaspoon ground cumin; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro leaves; 1/4 cup sunflower seeds, toasted | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Season both sides of fish with salt and freshly ground black pepper. Add fish fillets to skillet and cook 2 minutes per side flipping with a spatula or tongs, until golden brown and fork-tender. Remove from pan. In a blender, combine roasted red peppers, garlic, lime juice, ginger, and cumin and puree until smooth. Transfer mixture to a small saucepan and bring to a simmer, about 5 minutes. Remove from heat and stir in cilantro. Serve half of the fish with all of the sauce spooned over top. Sprinkle the top with toasted sunflower seeds. Reserv <END>
INPUT: brown, water, butter, garlic, pine nuts
OUTPUT: TITLE: Green Beans with Brown Butter and Pine Nuts | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 (1-pound) bags cut green beans, frozen; 2 tablespoons water; 1 stick butter; 1 teaspoon crushed garlic; 1/2 cup pine nuts; Salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Place green beans with 2 tablespoons of water in a microwave-safe bowl. Cover and cook for 6 to 7 minutes. Meanwhile, melt butter in a large skillet over medium low heat. As the butter bubbles it will start to turn brown and give off a nutty aroma. Once it has reached a light brown color, add garlic, cooked and drained green beans and pine nuts. Toss to combine and saute for 1 minute until heated through. Season, to taste, with salt and pepper. Serve immediately. <END>
INPUT: Asian, mignonette, orange, ginger, rice wine vinegar, cilantro, scallion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Oysters with Orange and Ginger Mignonette | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1 orange, segmented and cut into 1-inch dice, with reserved juice; 1/4 teaspoon peeled and grated fresh ginger; 1 tablespoon rice wine vinegar; 1 teaspoon finely chopped fresh cilantro; 1 scallion, finely chopped; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 6 oysters, shucked and on the half shell | INSTRUCTIONS: In a small mixing bowl, whisk together the orange pieces, orange juice, ginger, rice wine vinegar, cilantro and scallion. Season with salt and pepper. Spoon the mignonette over each of the shucked oysters and serve. <END>
INPUT: lamb shanks, olive oil, onions, garlic, tomatoes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Braised Lamb Shanks with Rutabaga and Carrots | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 lamb shanks (about 1 pound each); 3 tablespoons olive oil; 4 medium onions, halved lengthwise and cut crosswise into 1/4-inch-thick slices; 3 large garlic cloves, minced; a 28-ounce can whole tomatoes, chopped, with juice; 4 cups water; 1 bay leaf; 2 cinnamon sticks; 1/4 teaspoon ground allspice; 3/4 teaspoon dried orange peel*; 2 teaspoons salt; 1 medium rutabaga (about 2 pounds), peeled and cut into 1-inch pieces; 6 carrots, cut crosswise into 1-inch pieces; 2 tablespoons minced fresh parsley leaves; Accompaniment: cooked rice | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350°F. Pat lamb shanks dry. In a heavy skillet (preferably cast iron) large enough to fit 1 lamb shank heat 2 tablespoons oil over moderately high heat until hot but not smoking and brown lamb shanks, 1 at a time, transferring as browned to a 9-quart heavy ovenproof kettle. Pour off fat from skillet and cook onions in remaining tablespoons oil over moderate heat, stirring, until golden. Stir in garlic and cook, stirring, until fragrant, about 30 seconds. To kettle add onion mixture, tomatoes with juice, water, bay leaf, cinnamon sticks, allspice, orange peel, salt, and pepper t <END>
INPUT: country, olive oil, sweet onions, garlic, tomatoes, fat free
OUTPUT: TITLE: Country-Style Potato and Tomato Stew with Poached Cod | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons olive oil; 2 small sweet onions, peeled, cored, and cut into 1-inch pieces; 2 small garlic cloves, minced; 2 cups canned whole tomatoes; 1 cup fat free, sodium free chicken broth; 1 1/2 pounds potatoes, peeled and cut into large chunks; Dash hot pepper flakes; 1/2 teaspoon coarse grained salt; 1 pound cod; 2 teaspoons olive oil; 1/2 pound beef stew meat; Leftover potatoes and tomatoes; 1 to 2 cups chicken broth (depending on the desired thickness of stew); 1/4 pound green beans, trimmed and halved; 2 ears of corn, kernels cut off cob | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat oil in a 3-quart non-reactive saucepan over medium high heat, add the onions and cook until browned and softened, about 8 to 10 minutes. Add the garlic, tomatoes, chicken broth, potatoes, pepper flakes, and salt, stir until combined. Cover and reduce heat to medium and cook 45 minutes or until potatoes are almost mushy but have not lost their shape. Pour half the potatoes and tomatoes in a refrigerator dish for tomorrow night's quick vegetable beef stew. Lay cod over stew, cover and steam until tender and fish begins to flake, 5 to 7 minutes. Serve immediately. In a large soup pot, heat o <END>
INPUT: Mexican, tequilarita, want, Simple, light sugar, reposado tequila, lemon juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Orange Clove Tequilarita (or "I Want Tequila My Relatives") | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: Clove Simple Syrup:; 1 cup light brown sugar; 1 tablespoon whole cloves; 1 1/2 ounces reposado tequila; 3/4 ounce fresh lemon juice; 1/2 ounce orange liqueur or triple sec; 1/2 ounce clove simple syrup; 1 dash orange bitters; Orange peel, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: For the clove simple syrup: Combine the brown sugar, cloves and 1 cup water in a pan and heat until the sugar is dissolved. Allow to cool and sit for 2 to 3 hours; strain off the cloves before using. (Store any remaining syrup in a sealed jar, refrigerated, for up to 1 week.) For the tequilarita: Add the tequila, lemon juice, orange liqueur, clove simple syrup and bitters to a shaker and fill with ice. Shake vigorously and pour into a coupe glass. Garnish with an orange peel in the glass. Repeat as needed. <END>
INPUT: gria, wine, bags tea honey, dark sweet cherries, lychees juice reserved
OUTPUT: TITLE: Zen-gria | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cups white wine (recommended: Pinot Grigio); 2 bags green tea with honey (recommended: Lipton); 1 cup frozen dark sweet cherries; 1 can (10.4 ounces) mandarin oranges in juice (recommended: Golden Star); 1 cup lychees and 1/2 cup juice reserved (recommended: Golden Star); 1/2 bottle (750 ml) plum wine, chilled | INSTRUCTIONS: In a small saucepan, over high heat, bring white wine to a simmer. Reduce heat to low and add tea bags. Steep for 5 minutes. Remove from heat and cool completely. Combine frozen cherries, cooled green tea white wine, mandarin oranges with juice, and lychees with reserved juice in a large pitcher. Top with plum wine. Serve chilled in wine glasses. <END>
INPUT: minute, chuck beef, onion, pkg
OUTPUT: TITLE: 30-Minute Chili | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound ground chuck beef (80% lean); ¾ cup chopped yellow onion; 1 pkg (1.25 oz each) chili seasoning mix; 1 can (16 oz each) beans in chili seasoned sauce, undrained; 1 can (14.5 oz each) Hunt's® Diced Tomatoes, undrained; 1 can (10 oz each) Ro*Tel® Original Diced Tomatoes & Green Chilies, undrained; 1 can (8 oz each) or 1 cup Hunt's® Tomato Sauce; 1 cup water | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook beef and onion in large saucepan over medium-high heat 5 minutes or until beef is crumbled and no longer pink, stirring occasionally; drain. Stir in seasoning mix. Add remaining ingredients; bring to a boil. Reduce heat to medium; simmer 10 minutes, stirring several times. This recipe was shared by Hunt's. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, vegetables, butter, onions, garlic, beef, chili powder
OUTPUT: TITLE: Two-Bean Chili with Vegetables | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons butter; 2 large onions, chopped; 4 garlic cloves, chopped; 2 pounds ground beef; 2 1/2 tablespoons chili powder; 1 tablespoon ground cumin; 1/2 teaspoon cayenne pepper; 1 28-ounce can crushed tomatoes; 1 14 1/2-ounce can beef broth; 2 medium white potatoes, peeled, diced; 2 large carrots, peeled, diced; 1 bell pepper, diced; 3/4 cup chili sauce; 1 15 1/4-ounce can kidney beans, drained; 1 15-ounce can pinto beans, drained | INSTRUCTIONS: Melt butter in heavy large saucepan or Dutch oven over medium heat. Add onions and garlic and sauté until almost golden, about 8 minutes. Add beef and cook until brown, breaking beef up with fork, about 10 minutes. Stir in chili powder, cumin and cayenne and continue cooking 3 minutes. Mix in tomatoes, broth, potatoes, carrots, bell pepper and chili sauce. Simmer until vegetables are tender, about 1 hour. Stir in beans. Simmer until beans are heated through and vegetables are very tender, about 30 minutes. Melt butter in heavy large saucepan or Dutch oven over medium heat. Add onions and garli <END>
INPUT: salad, balsamic vinegar, virgin olive oil, Kosher salt, baby arugula
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Watermelon Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 (5-pound) seedless watermelon; 1/4 cup balsamic vinegar; Extra-virgin olive oil; Kosher salt (specialty salt is great here, if on hand); 2 cups fresh baby arugula, washed and dried; 1 cup goat cheese, crumbled, preferably a French Chevre; Fresh finely cracked black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Stand the watermelon half cut side down on a cutting board and slice away the rind, leaving a solid block of melon. Turn the block on its side and cut it into 8 squares, roughly 3 by 3 inches and 1-inch thick. Pour the vinegar into a small saucepan and bring to a simmer over medium-high heat. Cook until reduced to a thick syrup consistency. Set aside. Heat a nonstick grill pan over medium-high heat. Drizzle just enough olive oil over watermelon slices to thinly coat and place on hot grill pan. Grill each side about 2 minutes until grill marks appear; transfer to  <END>
INPUT: American, omelet, eggs, Kosher salt pepper, unsalted butter, Sauteed Mushrooms, triple double creme
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mushroom and Cheese Omelet | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 to 3 large eggs; Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper to taste; 1 tablespoon unsalted butter; 3 tablespoons warm Sauteed Mushrooms, recipe follows; 2 tablespoons diced triple or double creme cheese, such as St. Andre, Brillat-Savarin or Fromager d'Affinois; Pinch of chopped fresh thyme or other herb, optional; 1 tablespoon olive oil; 1 pound mushrooms (any assortment), sliced; 1/2 teaspoon minced garlic; Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper to taste | INSTRUCTIONS: Crack the eggs into a small bowl, and use a fork to beat them with the salt and pepper. Heat an 8-inch omelet pan or shallow skillet (preferably nonstick) over medium-high heat. Add the butter, let it melt and swirl the pan so it coats the bottom evenly. Pour the eggs into the pan and quickly shake and swirl so the eggs completely cover the bottom. Let the eggs firm up on the bottom, about 30 seconds, then use a rubber spatula to lift the edges of the omelet up so any uncooked egg on the top runs underneath. Sprinkle half of the eggs with the sauteed mushrooms and cheese and let it cook for an <END>
INPUT: Mexican, soup, pork loin roast, olive oil, Kosher salt pepper, poblano chile, vegetable oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pork and Poblano Soup | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: One 2 1/2-pound boneless pork loin roast; 1/4 cup olive oil; Kosher salt and cracked black pepper; 1 poblano chile; 3 tablespoons vegetable oil; 1 yellow onion, chopped; 4 cloves garlic, minced; 3 tablespoons ground coriander; 1 1/2 teaspoons ground cumin; 2 cups salsa verde; 4 cups low-sodium chicken broth; Kosher salt and cracked black pepper; Cooked white rice, for serving; 1/2 cup crema; 1/2 cup fresh cilantro, chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: For the pork: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Drizzle the oil over the pork and sprinkle liberally with salt and pepper. Transfer the pork to a rack over a heavy-bottomed roasting pan. Roast the pork until a meat thermometer inserted into the thickest part of the loin reads 140 degrees F, about 1 hour. Let the pork rest for 10 minutes. Set aside 1 1/4 pounds for the soup, cut into 1/2-inch chunks, and then reserve the rest for another recipe. For the soup: Roast the poblano over a flame until charred all over. Place the poblano in a bowl and cover with plastic wrap until it softens. Once co <END>
INPUT: cookies, all purpose flour, salt, unsalted butter, granulated sugar, confectioners' sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sugar Cookies | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 1/4 cups all-purpose flour; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 2 sticks unsalted butter, at room temperature; 1/2 cup granulated sugar; 3/4 cup confectioners' sugar; 2 large egg yolks; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; 1 teaspoon finely grated lemon zest (preferably Meyer lemon); Vegetable oil or cooking spray, for the baking sheets; Assorted sanding sugar (optional); 1/2 pound white or semisweet chocolate, finely chopped; 1 teaspoon vegetable shortening; 1 tablespoon light corn syrup; 2 tablespoons milk; 1/2 cup confectioners' sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Make the cookies: Combine the flour and salt in a bowl. Put the butter, granulated sugar and confectioners' sugar in the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment; beat on medium speed until light and fluffy, about 4 minutes (or about 6 minutes if using a hand mixer). Add the egg yolks one at a time, beating on medium-high speed between each addition. Add the vanilla and lemon zest and beat until combined. Add the flour mixture in 2 batches and mix until just incorporated. Divide the dough in half, wrap in plastic wrap and chill at least 1 hour. Lin <END>
INPUT: American, layer, cheese, cake flour, baking powder, baking soda, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pecan Spice Layer Cake with Cream Cheese Frosting | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 sticks (3/4 cup) unsalted butter, cut into 1-inch pieces and softened, plus additional for buttering pans; 2 3/4 cups cake flour (not self-rising); 2 teaspoons baking powder; 1 teaspoon baking soda; 3/4 teaspoon salt; 1 tablespoon ground cinnamon; 1 1/4 teaspoons freshly grated nutmeg; 1 teaspoon ground ginger; 1/2 teaspoon ground allspice; 1/4 teaspoon ground cloves; 1 1/2 cups packed light brown sugar; 3 large eggs at room temperature 30 minutes; 1 1/2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract; 1 1/2 cups sour cream; 3/4 cup pecans (3 ounces), toasted , cooled, and finely chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: Make cake: Put oven rack in middle position and preheat oven to 350°F. Butter and flour cake pans, knocking out excess flour. Sift together cake flour, baking powder, baking soda, salt, and spices into a large bowl. Beat together butter (1 1/2 sticks) and brown sugar in another bowl with an electric mixer (fitted with paddle attachment if using a stand mixer) at medium-high speed until pale and fluffy, 3 to 5 minutes. Beat in eggs 1 at a time, beating well after each addition, then beat in vanilla. Reduce speed to low, then add flour mixture and sour cream alternately in batches, beginning and <END>
INPUT: frozen, nougat, water, unflavored gelatin, good quality chocolate, eggs, honey
OUTPUT: TITLE: Frozen Nougat Terrine with Bittersweet Chocolate Sauce and Raspberry-Fig Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 5 tablespoons cold water; 1 teaspoon unflavored gelatin; 6 ounces good-quality white chocolate (such as Baker's or Lindt), chopped; 5 large eggs, separated; 6 tablespoons honey; 1 tablespoon Grand Marnier or other orange liqueur; 3/4 cup chilled whipping cream; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; 3 tablespoons almonds, toasted, finely chopped; 3 tablespoons walnuts, toasted, finely chopped; ">Bittersweet Chocolate Sauce; Raspberry-Fig Sauce | INSTRUCTIONS: Line 9 x 5 x 2 3/4-inch metal loaf pan with plastic wrap, leaving overhang. Pour 1 tablespoon cold water into small bowl. Sprinkle gelatin over. Let stand until gelatin softens, about 10 minutes. Stir white chocolate in top of double boiler set over simmering water (do not allow bottom of pan to touch water) until melted. Remove chocolate from over water. Whisk egg yolks, 2 tablespoons honey, Grand Marnier and 3 tablespoons water in large metal bowl to blend. Set over saucepan of gently boiling water (do not allow bottom of bowl to touch water) and whisk until mixture thickens and thermometer  <END>
INPUT: gremolata, Italian parsley, garlic, lemon peel, veal scallops
OUTPUT: TITLE: Veal Gremolata | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons chopped fresh Italian parsley; 3 teaspoons finely chopped garlic; 1 1/2 teaspoons grated lemon peel; 10 ounces thin veal scallops; 2 tablespoons (1/4 stick) unsalted butter; 1 1/2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice | INSTRUCTIONS: Mix chopped Italian parsley, 1/2 teaspoon chopped garlic and grated lemon peel in small bowl. Season gremolata to taste with salt and pepper. Sprinkle veal with salt and pepper. Melt 1 tablespoon butter in heavy large nonstick skillet over medium-high heat. Add veal to skillet and sauté until cooked through, about 2 minutes per side. Transfer veal to plates. Add remaining 1 tablespoon butter and 2 1/2 teaspoons garlic to skillet. Stir 30 seconds. Add lemon juice and bring to boil, scraping up any browned bits. Spoon sauce over veal; sprinkle with gremolata. Mix chopped Italian parsley, 1/2 tea <END>
INPUT: pocket, granulated sugar, active yeast, wheat flour, all purpose flour, olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tuna, Cheddar and Spinach Pocket | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 teaspoon granulated sugar; 1 1/2 teaspoons active dry yeast; 1 cup whole wheat flour; 3/4 cup all-purpose flour, plus more for dusting; 2 teaspoons olive oil; 1/4 teaspoon kosher salt; 5 cups packed baby spinach (one 6-ounce bag); 1 cup shredded low-fat Cheddar; 1 cup canned chunk light tuna in water, drained (about three-quarters of a 12-ounce can); 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt; Pinch ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. For the dough: In a large bowl, dissolve the sugar in 3/4 cup very warm water. Sprinkle the yeast over the water and let it sit until bubbling and slightly frothy, 5 to 10 minutes. Add the whole wheat flour, all-purpose flour, olive oil and salt, and mix well by hand. Place the dough in the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with a dough hook, and mix on medium speed until the dough is a tight, shiny ball that no longer sticks to the sides of the mixing bowl, about 6 minutes. Alternatively, transfer the dough ball to a floured surface and knead by hand, about 10 minute <END>
INPUT: American, cobbler, firmly light sugar, cornstarch, cinnamon, prune plums other, lemon juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Plum and Almond Cobbler | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup firmly packed light brown sugar; 2 tablespoons cornstarch; 1/2 teaspoon cinnamon; 2 1/2 pounds prune plums or other plums, pitted and quartered; 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, cut into bits; 1 cup granulated sugar; 3/4 cup all-purpose flour; 1 teaspoon baking powder; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 3/4 cup sliced almonds; 1 large egg, beaten lightly | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large bowl whisk together brown sugar, cornstarch, and cinnamon and add plums, lemon juice, and butter. Toss mixture well and spoon into a shallow 3-quart baking dish. Preheat oven to 375°F. In a food processor pulse together granulated sugar, flour, baking powder, salt, and 1/2 cup almonds until almonds are ground fine. Add egg and pulse until blended. Spoon flour mixture over plum mixture, pulling some plum wedges up for presentation. Sprinkle remaining 1/4 cup almonds over cobbler. Bake cobbler in middle of oven 45 minutes or less, or until golden and bubbling, and cool on a rack. In a <END>
INPUT: salad, beets, wine vinegar, Dijon mustard, caraway seeds, olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Beet Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 pounds beets, boiled, peeled and thinly sliced; 3 tablespoons red wine vinegar; 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard; 1 teaspoon caraway seeds; 1/3 cup olive oil; Salt and pepper; 6 radishes, trimmed and thinly sliced; 3 scallions, thinly sliced; Green leaf lettuce; 3 tablespoons finely chopped parsley | INSTRUCTIONS: Place sliced beets in large bowl. In a small bowl, whisk together vinegar, mustard, and caraway seeds. Slowly add oil in a stream and continue whisking. Season with salt and pepper. Pour the dressing over the beets leaving 3 tablespoons of dressing in the small bowl. Add the radishes and scallions to the remaining dressing in the small bowl and toss to coat. Place the lettuce on a platter and top with beets. Sprinkle beets with radishes and scallions. Garnish with parsley. <END>
INPUT: burgers, onion, garlic, cilantro leaves, parsley leaves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Black Bean Burgers | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 medium yellow onion, roughly chopped; 1 tablespoon chopped garlic; 2 (15-ounce) cans black beans, rinsed and drained, divided; 2 tablespoons freshly chopped cilantro leaves; 2 teaspoons freshly chopped parsley leaves; 1 egg; 1/2 teaspoon red pepper flakes; 1/2 cup bread crumbs; Salt and fresh ground black pepper; 4 hamburger rolls; 1 tomato, sliced; 4 small Romaine lettuce leaves, or any other type you have on hand; 1/4 cup ketchup | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Heat a grill or grill pan over medium-low heat. In a food processor, pulse onion and garlic until finely chopped. Add 1 can black beans, cilantro, parsley, egg, and red pepper flakes and pulse to combine. Transfer mixture to a large mixing bowl, add the remaining can of black beans and the bread crumbs. Season with salt and pepper, to taste, and mix until well combined. Divide 2/3 mixture into 4 portions and form into patties. Save the remaining mixture for another use, like Black Bean Enchiladas. Place on hot oiled grill over medium-low heat and cook about 6 min <END>
INPUT: boudin, blanc, kosher salt, sugar, sweet wine, skin, coarse breadcrumbs
OUTPUT: TITLE: Boudin Blanc-Stuffed Turkey Breasts with Chestnuts | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup kosher salt; 1/4 cup sugar; 1/4 cup sweet white wine (optional); 2 skin-on, boneless turkey breasts (about 4 pounds total); 2 tablespoons coarse fresh breadcrumbs; 1/2 cup heavy cream; 1 cup low-sodium chicken broth; 1/2 cup roasted chestnuts from a jar; 1 tablespoon Cognac or brandy; 2 bay leaves; 1 teaspoon kosher salt, plus more; 1 teaspoon yellow mustard seeds; 3/4 teaspoons coriander seeds; 1 whole allspice; 1 whole clove | INSTRUCTIONS: For turkey and brine: Bring salt, sugar, and 2 quarts water to a boil in a large pot, stirring to dissolve salt and sugar. Let cool, then add wine, if using. Place turkey and brine in a large resealable plastic bag. Seal bag and chill 10–12 hours. Remove turkey from brine and pat dry Let sit at room temperature 1 hour. Bring salt, sugar, and 2 quarts water to a boil in a large pot, stirring to dissolve salt and sugar. Let cool, then add wine, if using. Place turkey and brine in a large resealable plastic bag. Seal bag and chill 10–12 hours. Remove turkey from brine and pat dry Let sit at room  <END>
INPUT: muffins, Vegetable oil oil, all purpose flour, cake flour, wheat flour, baking powder
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pumpkin and Rosemary Muffins | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Vegetable oil or oil spray, for oiling; 2/3 cup/3 1/4oz/90g all-purpose flour; 2/3 cup/3 1/4oz/90g cake flour; 1 cup/4 1/2oz/130g whole wheat flour; 2 1/8 tsp baking powder; 1/2tsp baking soda; Good pinch of salt; 3 sprigs of fresh rosemary, very finely chopped; 1 3/4 cups/8 1/2oz /240g cooked pumpkin (about 1 small wedge), cut into 1/4 in (5mm) dice. Ready-cubed, uncooked squash is available in the supermarke; 2 eggs, lightly beaten; scant 1/2 cup/4floz/100ml plain yogurt; 1 generous cup/10floz/275ml milk; 3 big squidges of honey; 1/4cup/21/2floz/60ml vegetable oil; Handful of pumpkin | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: 12-hole muffin pan Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). Cut out 12 squares of parchment paper measuring about 5 1/2 x 5 1/2in (14 x 14cm). Oil the muffin pan and push the squares down into each hole so the paper sticks up just like the muffins you can buy in the coffee shop. The squares have a habit of popping up out of the holes, which is okay for now because once the muffin mix is spooned inside the squares will stay down. Alternatively, use ready-made paper muffin cases. In a large bowl, sift the flours, baking powder, and baking soda, then stir in the salt  <END>
INPUT: tapenade, crostini, golden raisins, fennel anise seeds, garlic, olives, lemon juice orange
OUTPUT: TITLE: Green and Gold Tapenade Crostini | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup golden raisins; 1/4 to 1/2 teaspoon fennel or anise seeds; 1/2 to 1 clove garlic; 1 cup pitted green olives, such as picholine; 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice or orange juice; 3 to 4 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper; 1 Ficelle (thin baguette), thinly sliced and toasted | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. Put the raisins, fennel seeds, and 2 tablespoons water in a small saucepan and bring to a simmer. Remove from the heat, cover and let steep for 5 minutes. 2. Pulse the garlic, olives, lemon juice, and olive oil until coarsely chopped. Add the raisin mixture and pulse 4 or 5 times. Spoon onto the crostini and season with a few cracks of freshly ground pepper. 3. Spoon tapenade onto toasts, arrange on a platter. Serve. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, sate, dipping, lemongrass, lime juice, dark sugar, soy sauce, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pork Sate with Peanut Dipping Sauce | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1/3 cup plus 1 tablespoon minced fresh lemongrass (from bottom 6 inches of stalk); 3 tablespoons fresh lime juice; 2 tablespoons dark brown sugar; 1 tablespoon soy sauce; 2 garlic cloves, minced; 3/4 pound pork tenderloin, trimmed, cut into 3-inch-long, 1/2-inch wide, 1/4-inch thick slices; 1 cup (or more) canned low-salt chicken broth; 1/2 cup creamy peanut butter (do not use old-fashioned style or freshly ground); 1/2 cup chopped onion; 1 tablespoon coriander seeds; 1/2 jalapeño chili, minced; 12 8-inch bamboo skewers, soaked in water 30 minutes; Minced green onion tops | INSTRUCTIONS: Mix 1 tablespoon lemongrass, 1 tablespoon lime juice, 1 tablespoon sugar, soy sauce and garlic in large bowl. Add pork; toss to coat with marinade. Let stand 30 minutes to 1 hour. Meanwhile, mix remaining 1/3 cup lemongrass, remaining 2 tablespoons lime juice, remaining 1 tablespoon sugar, 1 cup broth, peanut butter, onion, coriander and jalapeño in heavy medium saucepan. Bring to boil, whisking frequently. Transfer mixture to blender and puree. Strain into heavy small saucepan, pressing on solids with back of spoon; discard solids. Simmer until reduced to thick sauce consistency, stirring fre <END>
INPUT: caramel, milkshake, sugar, heavy cream, unsalted butter, flaky sea salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Salted Bourbon Caramel Milkshake | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 ounces (1/2 cup) bourbon, optional; 1 cup sugar; 3/4 cup heavy cream; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1 teaspoon flaky sea salt, plus extra for topping; 1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract; 1 cup vanilla bean ice cream; 1/2 cup whole milk; 1 cup whipped cream | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: Blender Medium saucepan Pour 1/3 cup water and the bourbon into a medium saucepan and set over high heat. Carefully pour the sugar directly into the center so none of it splashes up the sides of the pot. Bring to a boil and cook until the sugar starts to turn brown. Do not stir the pot. If you need to, gently swirl the pot to help melt all the sugar. Once the sugar turns a rich, deep brown, remove the pan from the heat and carefully pour in the cream, taking care as it will splatter a little. Add the butter, salt, and vanilla. Swirl the pot until the butter dissolves complet <END>
INPUT: Italian, risotto, chicken broth, water, broccoli, lemon zest, lemon juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lemon Broccoli Risotto | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 4 cups chicken broth; 2 cups water; 1 pound broccoli, cut into flowerets, quartered if large, and stems cut into 1/2-inch dice; 1 teaspoon freshly grated lemon zest; 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice; 1 small onion, chopped fine; 1 small garlic clove, minced; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1 1/2 cups rice (short, medium, or long grain); 1/2 cup freshly grated Parmesan | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large saucepan bring the broth and the water to a boil and in the broth simmer the broccoli flowerets for 3 minutes, or until they are just tender. Transfer the flowerets with a skimmer to a bowl and reserve them. To the simmering broth add the broccoli stems, the zest, and the lemon juice and simmer the mixture for 5 minutes. While the stems are cooking, in a large heavy saucepan cook the onion and the garlic in the oil over moderately low heat, stirring, until the onion is softened and stir in the rice, stirring until each grain is coated with the oil. Add 1/2 cup of the simmering broth <END>
INPUT: dessert, French vanilla ice, peach sorbet, slightly under ripened, Almond Cake, Canola oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Peaches and Cream Dessert | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 gallon French vanilla ice cream; 1 pint peach sorbet (recommended: Dreyer's Whole Fruit brand); 2 slightly under-ripened peaches, halved lengthwise and pitted; 4 slices Almond Pound Cake, recipe follows, or store-bought pound cake; Canola oil, as needed; 3 tablespoons granulated sugar; 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1/4 cup raw sliced almonds; 4 sprigs fresh mint; Nonstick cooking spray; 1/2 cup unsalted butter; 1/2 cup sugar; 1 large egg, plus 1 egg yolk; 1 tablespoon almond extract; 1 1/2 tablespoons water | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the grill to medium-high heat. Allow the French vanilla ice cream and peach sorbet to soften at room temperature, until they can be scooped easily, approximately 20 minutes. Spread the vanilla ice cream along the bottom of a 9 by 13-inch baking dish, and layer it with the peach sorbet. Using a knife, swirl the 2 flavors together until the ice cream mixture has streaks of ice cream and sorbet. Cover the dish with plastic wrap and freeze until the ice cream firms up again, approximately 2 hours. Brush the peaches and each side of the pound cake slices with canola oil and put them on the  <END>
INPUT: American, cookies, frosting, sugar, unsalted butter, Maple syrup, eggs, pumpkin
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pumpkin Cookies with Cream Cheese Frosting | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup sugar; 2 sticks unsalted butter, softened; 2 tablespoons Maple syrup; 2 eggs; 1 cup canned pumpkin; 1 1/2 teaspoons ground cinnamon; 1/2 teaspoon ground all spice; 1/4 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg; Pinch ground cloves; 2 1/2 cups flour; 2 teaspoons baking powder; Pinch of salt; 2 (8-ounce) packages cream cheese; 1 cup confectioners sugar; 1/4 cup milk | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. In a mixer, fitted with a paddle, cream the sugar and the butter until light and fluffy. Add the maple syrup and eggs. Mix to incorporate. Add the pumpkin and mix to incorporate. Sift together the flour, baking powder, salt, cinnamon, allspice, nutmeg and cloves. Add the dry ingredients to the batter and mix well. Drop rounded tablespoonfuls onto ungreased cookie sheets. Bake for 10 minutes, or until lightly golden brown around the edges. Cool on racks. When cool, ice with the cream cheese frosting. For the Frosting: In a mixer, fitted with a paddle, add the  <END>
INPUT: sugar, hot paprika, kosher salt, garlic powder, cumin
OUTPUT: TITLE: Smoked Pork Butt on the Grill | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons brown sugar; 1 tablespoon hot paprika; 1 tablespoon kosher salt; 2 teaspoons garlic powder; 1 teaspoon ground cumin; 1 teaspoon dried oregano; 1 teaspoon ground black pepper; One 4-pound pork butt or shoulder; 1 cup apple juice; 1 cup cider vinegar; 3 tablespoons yellow mustard; 1 teaspoon red pepper flakes; Oil, for oiling the grill; 8 potato roll buns | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: Soaked hickory wood chips (optional) For the rub: In a small bowl, stir together the brown sugar, paprika, salt, garlic powder, cumin, oregano and black pepper. Rub into the pork butt and allow to sit at room temperature, 1 to 2 hours. For the wet mop: Meanwhile, in a medium bowl, whisk the apple juice, vinegar, mustard and pepper flakes together with 1 cup water. Cover and store in the refrigerator until ready to use. Prepare a grill for indirect low heat (if desired, add wood chips to the burner element on the direct side): For gas grills (with 3 or more burners), turn all <END>
INPUT: American, party, cinnamon cereal squares, rice cereal squares, apples, mini vanilla cookie, almonds
OUTPUT: TITLE: Apple Pie Party Mix | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 3 cups cinnamon cereal squares, such as Life; 3 cups rice cereal squares, such as Chex; 2 cups coarsely chopped dried apples; 1 1/2 cups mini vanilla cookie wafers; 1 cup sliced almonds; 6 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1/2 cup lightly packed brown sugar; 2 teaspoons apple pie spice (or pumpkin pie spice); 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt; 1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the oven to 300 degrees F. Line 2 baking sheets with parchment paper. Mix together the cinnamon and rice cereal squares, dried apples, mini vanilla cookie wafers and almonds in a large bowl. Put the butter in a medium saucepan over medium-high heat and bring to a simmer. Stir in the brown sugar. Bring to a boil and cook for 1 minute. Remove from the heat and stir in the apple pie spice, salt and vanilla. Pour this over the cereal mixture and stir to coat completely. Spread in an even layer on the prepared baking sheets. Bake, stirring with a spatula after <END>
INPUT: sangria, peaches, young Riesling, leaves lemon verbena
OUTPUT: TITLE: Peach Sangria | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 ripe peaches (about 1 pound), halved and pitted; 1 bottle young Riesling (750ml or 3 1/3 cups); 10 leaves lemon verbena, lemon balm, or mint, loosely torn | INSTRUCTIONS: With a box grater, grate 2 of the peach halves into a pitcher, discard the skins. Finely dice the remaining peaches, add them to the pitcher along with the wine and herbs. Cover and refrigerate until chilled, at least 2 hours. Serve. <END>
INPUT: Italian, pasta, unbleached all purpose, eggs, olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fresh Egg Pasta | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 3 1/2 cups unbleached all-purpose flour plus 1/2 cup; 4 extra large eggs; 1/2 teaspoon olive oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Make a mound of the flour in the center of a large wooden cutting board. Make a well in the middle of the flour and add the eggs, oil and any other flavoring you choose. Using a fork, beat together the eggs, oil and flavorings and begin to incorporate the flour starting with the inner rim of the well. As you expand the well, keep pushing the flour up to retain the well shape. Do not worry that this initial phase looks messy. The dough will come together when 1/2 of the flour is incorporated. Start kneading the dough with both hands, using the palms of your hands primarily. Once you have a cohe <END>
INPUT: Italian, risotto, unsalted butter, broccolini, sweet Italian sausage, onion, carrot
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sausage and Broccolini Risotto | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1 bunch broccolini, roughly chopped (about 8 ounces); 12 ounces sweet Italian sausage, casings removed; 1/2 medium onion, finely chopped; 1 medium carrot, finely chopped; 1 cup arborio rice; 1 clove garlic, minced; 1/3 cup dry white wine; 2 cups low-sodium chicken broth; 1 14-ounce can diced tomatoes; 1 cup grated fontina cheese | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F. Heat 1 tablespoon butter in a Dutch oven or ovenproof pot over high heat. Add the broccolini and stir-fry until just tender, 3 to 4 minutes. Transfer to a plate using a slotted spoon. Add the sausage, onion and carrot to the pot and cook, breaking up the meat, until browned, about 5 more minutes. Add the rice and garlic and cook, stirring, 1 more minute. Add the wine to the pot and cook until evaporated, about 2 minutes. Add the chicken broth, tomatoes and 1 cup water; cover and bring to a boil. Transfer the pot to the oven and bake until the rice is tender,  <END>
INPUT: cream, sundae, oats, pepitas, almond, vegetable oil, apple juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Date Ice Cream Sundae | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup oats; 1/2 cup raw pepitas; 1/2 cup raw almond pieces; 1 1/2 tablespoons vegetable oil; 1 1/2 tablespoons apple juice; 1 1/2 tablespoons honey; 1/8 teaspoon salt; 2 cups nonfat milk; 1 pound fresh dates (medjool are great); 6 egg yolks; 3/4 cup brown sugar; 3 cups half and half; 2 teaspoons vanilla | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 300 degrees and line a baking sheet with parchment paper, or oil it lightly. Put the oats, pepitas, and almonds in a bowl and mix evenly. In a small saucepan, warm the oil, apple juice, honey and salt over low heat, stirring until combined. Pour over the oat mixture and toss to coat well. Spread this mixture on the baking sheet and bake in the hot oven for 20 minutes, or until golden, turning over occasionally. Cool, then transfer to a small container and place in freezer until needed. Place the nonfat milk in a sauce pan and cook over low heat, stirring often with a wooden <END>
INPUT: burnt, carrots, parsnips, olive oil, Kosher salt, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: "Burnt" Carrots and Parsnips | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 pounds carrots, peeled, halved lengthwise, cut into 4" pieces; 1 1/2 pounds parsnips, peeled, cut into 4" pieces; 2 tablespoons olive oil; Kosher salt, freshly ground pepper; 1/4 medium onion, finely chopped; 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, cut into pieces; 1/4 cup bourbon; 3 tablespoons dark brown sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 450°F. Toss carrots, parsnips, and oil on a rimmed baking sheet; season with salt and pepper. Roast, tossing occasionally, until tender and charred in spots, 20–25 minutes. Remove vegetables from oven, add onion, butter, bourbon, and brown sugar, and toss to coat. Roast, tossing occasionally, until sugars have caramelized and vegetables are completely softened, 8–10 minutes. Transfer vegetables to a platter and pour any juices over. Preheat oven to 450°F. Toss carrots, parsnips, and oil on a rimmed baking sheet; season with salt and pepper. Roast, tossing occasionally, until te <END>
INPUT: fritters, all purpose flour, baking powder, Coarse, milk, eggs
OUTPUT: TITLE: Vidalia Onion Fritters | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/3 cups all-purpose flour, or more if needed; 2 teaspoons baking powder; Coarse (kosher) salt, to taste; 2 to 2 1/2 cups milk; 2 large eggs; 1/2 teaspoon white wine vinegar; 1/4 teaspoon Tabasco sauce or chili-garlic sauce (sambal oelek); 2 large Vidalia onions, sliced lengthwise (top to bottom); Canola or other vegetable oil, for deep-frying; Tamarind Dipping Sauce , for serving | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. Place 1 3/4 cups flour, the baking powder, and salt in a large bowl and whisk to mix. 2. Place 2 cups of the milk, the eggs, vinegar, and hot sauce in another bowl and whisk until blended, then pour into the flour mixture and whisk until just blended; do not overmix. Stir in the sliced onions and let the batter rest for 30 minutes. It should be slightly thicker than heavy cream. If it isn't, sprinkle in a little more flour. If it's too thick, add a little more milk. The batter should look somewhat free-form, not doughy. 3. Preheat the oven to its lowest setting. 4. Pour vegetable oil to a d <END>
INPUT: French, souffle, unsalted butter, sugar, milk, vanilla bean, all purpose flour
OUTPUT: TITLE: Vanilla Bean Souffle | CUISINE: French | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1/3 plus 1/4 cup sugar, plus more for dishes; 2 cups milk, not skim; 1/2 vanilla bean, split and scraped; 3/4 cup plus 2 tablespoons all-purpose flour; 1/4 teaspoon coarse salt; 4 large eggs separated, plus 1 large egg white; 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract; 1/4 teaspoon cream of tartar; Confectioners' sugar, for dusting; Vanilla Bean Ice Cream, recipe follows | INSTRUCTIONS: Butter and sugar 8 (6-ounce) souffle dishes, including the top edge of each dish. In a medium saucepan over high heat, combine milk and vanilla bean. Bring to a boil and remove from heat. Let seep for 1 hour. Remove bean from milk, reserving for another use. In a medium bowl, combine flour, 1/3 cup granulated sugar, and salt. Add 1/2 cup steeped milk, whisking to combine and form a paste. Transfer paste to saucepan with milk and cook over medium heat while whisking constantly until thickened and smooth, about 5 to 8 minutes. If the mixture begins to get lumpy, remove from heat and whisk until  <END>
INPUT: sour, salt, pepper, canola oil, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sweet and Sour Brisket | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 (3-pound) beef brisket, first-cut or flat-half cut, trimmed of any excess fat; 1 teaspoon salt; 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 2 tablespoons canola oil; 1 medium onion, cut in 1/2, then thinly sliced into 1/2 moons; 3 cloves garlic, chopped (about 1 tablespoon); One 15- oz. can tomato sauce, preferably no salt added; 1/4 cup low-sodium chicken broth or water; 3 tablespoons firmly packed dark brown sugar; 1/3 cup plus 1 tablespoon cider vinegar; 1/3 cup raisins; 5 black peppercorns; 1 allspice berry | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 300 degrees F. Pat the brisket dry and sprinkle with the salt and pepper. Heat 1 tablespoon of the oil over medium-high heat in a Dutch oven or braising pot. Sear the brisket until it is browned, 4 to 5 minutes per side. Transfer the brisket to a plate. Add the remaining 1 tablespoon oil to the pot and cook the onion, stirring a few times, until softened, 3 to 5 minutes. Add the garlic and cook, stirring, for 1 minute. Add the tomato sauce, broth, brown sugar, 1/3 cup of the vinegar, the raisins, peppercorns, and allspice and stir to combine well. Bring mixture to a boil, r <END>
INPUT: salad, lemons, good scallions
OUTPUT: TITLE: Seared Salmon with 3 Bean Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 (15-ounce) can navy beans, drained and rinsed; 1 (15-ounce) can kidney beans, drained and rinsed; 1 (15-ounce) can pinto beans, drained and rinsed; 2 lemons, juiced; 1 good bunch scallions, finely sliced; 1 small bunch parsley, leaves finely chopped; 1/3 cup extra-virgin olive oil; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 4 (6 to 8-ounce) salmon fillets; Ground cumin; 2 tablespoons vegetable oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Place all 3 kinds of beans in large mixing bowl and toss with remaining ingredients. Season, to taste, with salt and pepper. Set aside. Season salmon with cumin, salt and pepper. Heat oil in a large, nonstick skillet over medium heat. Place salmon skin side down in skillet and cook until skin is crisp and golden, about 3 to 4 minutes. Turn fillets over and cook until medium rare, about 3 more minutes. Serve salmon with salad. <END>
INPUT: American, eggs, mayonnaise, scallions, caviar, sour cream
OUTPUT: TITLE: Caviar Pie | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 6 to 8 eggs, hard-cooked, finely minced; 2 to 3 tablespoons mayonnaise; 1/2 cup finely minced scallions; 1 to 1 1/2 cups caviar; 1 to 1 1/2 cups sour cream | INSTRUCTIONS: Blend the eggs and mayonnaise (using enough mayonnaise just to bind the eggs) in a small bowl. Line a well-buttered 8 or 9-inch pie pan with the egg mixture, pressing firmly over the bottom and up the sides to form the crust. Scatter the scallions over the crust, then spread with the caviar. Frost with the sour cream and refrigerate until ready to serve. Set the caviar pie on a cocktail table with crackers or freshly made melbas, which can be dipped or spread.; <END>
INPUT: Italian, pasta noodles penne, virgin olive oil, garlic, capers rinsed, anchovies
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pasta with Tuna, Tomatoes, Garlic, Capers, and Olives | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound pasta noodles such as: penne; 1 teaspoon extra-virgin olive oil; 6 medium garlic cloves, thinly sliced; 2 tablespoons capers rinsed, roughly chopped; 2 anchovies, finely minced; 1/2 cup pitted black olives such as kalamata, roughly chopped; 1 pint cherry tomatoes, halved or 1 (28-ounce) can whole, peeled tomatoes, chopped; 1/2 cup loosely packed, roughly chopped parsley or basil leaves; 1 can rinsed and drained, white albacore tuna; 1 teaspoon salt; Cracked black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook pasta in large pot of rapidly boiling water until al dente or done to your liking. Meanwhile, prepare the sauce. Place olive oil and the garlic in a large saute pan and turn heat to medium. Cook until the garlic is fragrant and lightly golden. Add capers, anchovies, olives, and tomatoes. Cook until the tomatoes start to break down and become a sauce, about 8 minutes. Toss with cooked pasta. Add parsley and tuna and season, to taste, with salt and pepper. Serve immediately. <END>
INPUT: tournedos, rossini, sunflower oil, Salt pepper, Vegetable Bouquetiere
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tournedos Rossini-style with Glazed Vegetable Bouquetiere, Sauce Perigueux-style | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 tablespoons sunflower oil; 4 (7-ounce) beef filets; Salt and freshly ground pepper; 4 (3-ounce) portions fresh or frozen duck foie gras; Vegetable Bouquetiere, recipe follows; 4 slices black truffles (not too thick); Perigueux Sauce, recipe follows; 20 pieces carrots, tourneed, medium size; 4 tablespoons granulated sugar; 4 tablespoons unsalted butter plus 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; Salt and freshly ground pepper; 20 pieces turnips, tourneed, medium size; 4 tablespoons finely chopped fresh curly parsley; 1 handful sea salt; 12 tablespoons string beans | INSTRUCTIONS: In a medium saute pan, heat the sunflower oil over medium-high heat. Season the fillets with salt and pepper. Sear the fillets until golden brown on each side to the desired degree of doneness. Drain on a paper towel-lined plate. Over high heat, heat a small non-stick pan or skillet. Season the slices of duck foie gras with salt and pepper. When the pan is very hot, put the slices of duck foie gras in it, and quickly sear for about 1 minute on each side. Drain on a paper towel-lined plate. To serve, in the middle of each plate, arrange the bouquetiere of vegetables. On top of the vegetables, p <END>
INPUT: Asian, tartare, vinaigrette, mustard oil, vegetable oil, virgin olive oil, wasabi powder, lemon juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Yellowfin Tuna Tartare Yuzu-Wasabi Vinaigrette and Sesame Seaweed Salad | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons mustard oil; 6 tablespoons vegetable oil; 8 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1 tablespoon wasabi powder; 1 1/2 tablespoons lemon juice; 1 tablespoon rice vinegar; 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard; 1 tablespoon yuzu kosho, red; 2 tablespoons soy sauce; Salt; 12 ounces yellowfin tuna, cleaned and diced into 1/4-inch cubes; 4 tablespoons finely diced shallots; 6 tablespoons finely sliced chives; Seaweed Salad, recipe follows; 18 gaufrette potatoes, recipe follows | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine the mustard, vegetable, and extra-virgin olive oils in a cup with a pour spout. In a mixing bowl, combine the wasabi, lemon juice, rice vinegar, Dijon mustard, yuzu kosho, and soy sauce, and whisk well. Slowly add the oils, whisking constantly to emulsify. Taste for seasoning, add salt, and set aside. Place tuna in a glass or stainless steel bowl. Add the shallots and chives, and toss gently to combine. Drizzle about half of the vinaigrette over the tuna, and mix well. Let the tartar sit for 2 minutes; taste for seasoning, and add more of the vinaigrette or salt, to taste. Leftover vin <END>
INPUT: French, wellington, butter, leeks, onion, tarragon, wine
OUTPUT: TITLE: Salmon Wellington | CUISINE: French | INGREDIENTS: 6 tablespoons butter; 3 leeks, washed and sliced; 1 red onion, finely sliced; 2 tablespoons dried tarragon; 1/2 cup white wine; 1 teaspoon salt; 1 teaspoon ground black pepper; 2 puff pastry sheets, thawed; Flour, for dusting surface; 1 egg plus 2 teaspoons water, for egg wash; 1 (3-pound) salmon fillet, skin removed; Dijon Whipped Cream, recipe follows; 1 cup heavy cream; 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard; 1 teaspoon salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Melt the butter in a large skillet over medium heat. Add the leeks, red onion and tarragon and saute until the onion mix is soft, about 10 minutes. Add the wine, raise the heat to high and bring to a boil. Let the liquid cook off, add the salt and pepper, and remove from the heat and set aside. Let cool before using. Unfold 1 pastry sheet and lay it on a lightly floured surface. Brush 1 edge with the egg wash and overlap the other sheet by 2 inches. Roll the pastry out until it's big enough to fold around the salmon. Spoon the cooled leek mixture down the cen <END>
INPUT: lamb shanks, olive oil, onion, garlic, two tomatoes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Braised Lamb Shanks with Tomatoes and Rosemary | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 lamb shanks (about 1 pound each); 2 tablespoons olive oil; 4 cups chopped onion; 4 garlic cloves, minced; two 28-to-32-ounce cans tomatoes, drained and chopped; 1 1/2 cups dry white wine; 1 1/2 cups chicken broth; 1 1/2 teaspoons crumbled dried rosemary; 3/4 teaspoon ground allspice; 1 tablespoon minced fresh parsley leaves; 1 tablespoon minced fresh rosemary leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: Pat the lamb shanks dry, season them with salt and pepper, and in a large heavy kettle brown them, 3 at a time, in the oil over moderately high heat, transferring them as they are browned to a roasting pan just large enough to hold them in one layer. To the kettle add the onion, cook it over moderate heat, stirring, until it is softened, and stir in the garlic. Cook the mixture for 3 minutes, stir in the tomatoes, the wine, the broth, the dried rosemary, the allspice, and salt and pepper to taste, and bring the sauce to a boil. Ladle the sauce over the lamb shanks. Braise the shanks, covered t <END>
INPUT: Mexican, tamarindo, tamarind paste, water, piece ginger, sugar, orange
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tequila Tamarindo | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 8 ounces tamarind paste (from seedless pliable block), coarsely chopped (about 1 cup); 5 cups water, divided; 1 4-ounce piece fresh ginger, peeled, thinly sliced into rounds (scant 1 cup); 1 cup sugar; 12 orange slices, divided; 3/4 cup silver (or white) tequila; 1/4 cup fresh lime juice; 1/4 teaspoon coarse kosher salt; Ice cubes; 3 cups chilled club soda, divided | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring tamarind and 2 cups water to boil in small saucepan. Reduce heat; simmer until tamarind is soft, stirring often and breaking up with wooden spoon, about 25 minutes. Transfer to strainer set over bowl. Press on tamarind to extract puree; discard solids in strainer. Cool. Bring 1 cup water, ginger, and sugar to boil in another small saucepan, stirring until sugar dissolves. Reduce heat and simmer 20 minutes. Cool ginger syrup. Place 6 orange slices in bottom of large pitcher; mash with muddler or handle of wooden spoon. Strain ginger syrup into same pitcher; discard ginger. Add 1 cup tamar <END>
INPUT: cheesecake, graham cracker crumbs, coconut, lemon juice, cream cheese, eggs
OUTPUT: TITLE: Coconut Cheesecake | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cups graham cracker crumbs; 3 cups sweetened shredded coconut, toasted; 1 tablespoon fresh squeezed lemon juice; 2 pounds cream cheese, room temperature; 4 large eggs; 3/4 cup sugar; 1/3 cup unsalted butter melted; 1 15-ounce can cream of coconut (such as Coco Lopez); 1 cup whipping cream; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; Juice of 1 lemon | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 325 degrees F. Wrap outside of 9 inch diameter springform pan with 2 3/4-inch high sides with foil. Mix graham cracker crumbs, 1 1/2 cups coconut, 1 tablespoon lemon juice and butter in small bowl. Press mixture onto bottom and up sides of pan. Beat cream cheese and sugar in large bowl until well blended. Add eggs 1 at a time, beating well after each addition. Add cream of coconut, cream, 1 cup coconut, vanilla extract and lemon juice and beat until well blended. Pour filling into crust. Bake until puffed and set in center, about 1 hour 25 minutes. Transfer to rack and cool com <END>
INPUT: Mexican, karahi, goat, ginger garlic paste, Salt pepper, bay leaves, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Goat Karahi | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 8 ounces goat (bone in, cut into chunks); 2 tablespoons ginger and garlic paste; Salt and ground black pepper; 2 bay leaves; 1 large onion, diced; 4 tablespoons soybean oil; 3 tomatoes, diced; 2 tablespoons plain yogurt; 1/2 teaspoon red chili powder; 1/4 teaspoon ground coriander; 1 tablespoon butter; Crushed green cardamom, for sprinkling; Ginger, thinly sliced for garnish; Fresh cilantro leaves, for garnish; Green chiles, thinly sliced for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Boil the goat in 3 cups of water. Add 1 teaspoon of the ginger and garlic paste, a pinch of salt and pepper and the bay leaves. Boil on high heat until the meat is tender, about 30 minutes. Do not over boil. Remove the goat and set aside for later. Strain the broth, removing the bay leaves. In a small pan, fry the onions in 2 tablespoons of the oil until soft. Remove from the heat and puree. In a medium pan, heat the remaining 2 tablespoons oil. Add the remaining ginger and garlic paste and saute on low heat. Add the goat along with 2 tablespoons of the onion puree, the tomatoes, 1/4 cup of th <END>
INPUT: gelato, sweet corn, sugar, heavy cream, egg yolks
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sweet-Corn Gelato | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 ears of sweet corn, preferably white, husked; 3 1/2 cups (or more) whole milk; 1 1/2 cups sugar, divided; 1 cup heavy cream; 8 large egg yolks; 1 teaspoon kosher salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Cut kernels from corn cobs; reserve cobs. Break each cob into 2-3 pieces. Bring milk to a simmer in a large saucepan. Add corn kernels and cobs. Remove mixture from heat, cover, and let steep for 45 minutes. Remove cobs from milk; discard. Purée mixture in batches in a blender. Set a coarse strainer over a large bowl. Strain mixture, pressing on solids; discard solids. Add more milk if needed to measure 3 1/2 cups. Bring corn mixture, 1 1/4 cups sugar, and cream to a simmer in a large saucepan over medium heat, stirring to dissolve sugar. Set a strainer over a medium bowl; set aside. Whisk rem <END>
INPUT: crusted, cornmeal, Salt pepper taste, Canola oil cook, Rice Noodle Pea
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cornmeal Crusted Skate with Rice Noodle and Pea Salad Lemon Grass Caper Brown Butter Vinaigrette | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 (6-ounce) skate wings; 1 cup cornmeal; Salt and black pepper to taste; Canola oil to cook; Rice Noodle and Pea Salad, recipe follows; Lemon Grass Caper Brown Butter Vinaigrette, recipe follows; Pink peppercorns, for garnish; 12 ounces of butter; 1/4 cup drained capers; 4 stalks minced lemon grass, white part only; 1/2 cup lemon juice; 2 sliced shallots; 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard; Salt and black pepper to taste; 2 cups rice stick noodles, soaked in hot water | INSTRUCTIONS: Season the skate with salt and pepper and dredge in the cornmeal. In a hot nonstick pan add oil and saute skate for about 5 minutes a side until golden brown. Place skate on top of rice noodles. Drizzle with vinaigrette and garnish with pink peppercorns. In a saucepot completely melt butter. On low heat, continue heating butter until a brown color is achieved. This will take about 30 minutes. Quickly deep fry capers in this butter which will puff up, sprinkle with salt and strain on paper towel. Do the same thing with the lemon grass, but place into a tall stainless steel container. The butter <END>
INPUT: Brussels sprouts, bacon, shallots, walnuts, chicken broth
OUTPUT: TITLE: Brussels Sprouts with Bacon and Walnuts | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 pounds Brussels sprouts, cleaned; 3 slices bacon, chopped; 2 shallots, chopped; 1/2 cup chopped walnuts; 1/4 cup chicken broth; Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Trim the ends off the Brussels sprouts. Thinly slice them with a knife or use the slicing attachment on your food processor to shred them. Add the bacon to a large high-sided skillet over medium heat. Cook until the bacon is crisp and the fat is rendered. Remove the bacon with a slotted spoon to a paper towel-lined-plate and reserve. Add the shallot to the hot pan and saute until tender, about 3 minutes. Add the Brussels sprouts by the handful, stirring to coat. Season with salt and pepper. Saute the sprouts, tossing until bright green and crisp-tender, about 3 minutes. Stir in the walnuts and <END>
INPUT: crostini, fonduta, unsalted butter, Italian Fontina cheese, milk, egg yolks, four from round
OUTPUT: TITLE: Asparagus and Prosciutto Crostini with Fonduta | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon unsalted butter; 1/4 pound Italian Fontina cheese,* rind discarded, cut into 1/4-inch dice (3/4 cup); 1/2 cup milk; 2 large egg yolks; four 1/2-inch-thick slices from a large round crusty loaf of bread (about 8 to 9 inches across); 1 large garlic clove, halved crosswise; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1/4 pound thinly sliced prosciutto; 1 pound thin asparagus, trimmed and lower 2 inches of stalks peeled | INSTRUCTIONS: Make fonduta: In a double boiler or a metal bowl set over a pan of simmering water melt butter. Add Fontina and milk and heat, stirring with a whisk, until cheese begins to melt. Whisk in yolks and cook, stirring constantly with whisk, until smooth and thickened slightly, about 7 minutes. Remove pan from heat and remove bowl from pan. Stir sauce 1 minute while water in pan cools slightly. Return bowl to pan and keep sauce warm over hot water (off heat), whisking occasionally to eliminate skin that forms on surface. In a double boiler or a metal bowl set over a pan of simmering water melt butte <END>
INPUT: paneed, eggs, water, fine bread crumbs, lemon zest, thyme
OUTPUT: TITLE: Paneed Veal with Fried Lemon Slices | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 large eggs; 1/2 cup water; 1 1/2 cups fine dry bread crumbs; 1 1/2 teaspoons freshly grated lemon zest; 1 1/4 teaspoons dried thyme; eight 1/4-pound veal cutlets, pounded 1/8-inch thick between sheets of plastic wrap; vegetable oil for deep-frying; sixteen 1/8-inch-thick lemon slices; 3/4 cup all-purpose flour seasoned with salt and pepper for dredging | INSTRUCTIONS: In a shallow baking dish whisk together eggs and water and in a large shallow baking dish stir together bread crumbs, zest, thyme, and salt and pepper to taste. Dip cutlets, 1 at a time, into egg mixture, letting excess drip off, and dredge in bread crumb mixture, pressing lightly until mixture adheres. Transfer cutlets as coated to a large rack and let dry at room temperature at least 15 minutes and up to 30 minutes. Veal may be prepared up to this point 1 hour ahead and chilled, uncovered. Preheat oven to 225°F. In a deep heavy skillet (preferably cast-iron) heat 1 inch oil over moderately h <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, lemon juice, virgin olive oil, salt, pepper, dates
OUTPUT: TITLE: Arugula and Radicchio with Feta and Dates | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 1/2 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 1/8 teaspoon salt; 1/8 teaspoon black pepper; 1/2 cup pitted dates; 1/4 pound baby arugula (8 cups); 1 (3/4-pound) head radicchio, torn into bite-size pieces (6 cups); 3 ounces crumbled feta (1/2 cup) | INSTRUCTIONS: Whisk together lemon juice, oil, salt, and pepper in a bowl until combined well. Halve dates lengthwise and thinly slice crosswise. Toss together arugula, radicchio, feta, and dates in a large bowl, then toss with enough vinaigrette to coat. Whisk together lemon juice, oil, salt, and pepper in a bowl until combined well. Halve dates lengthwise and thinly slice crosswise. Toss together arugula, radicchio, feta, and dates in a large bowl, then toss with enough vinaigrette to coat. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, empanada, chicken legs, salt, pepper, virgin olive oil, onions
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken Empanada with Chorizo, Raisins, and Olives | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 3 whole chicken legs, including thighs (2 to 2 1/4 pounds total); 1 teaspoon salt; 1/4 teaspoon black pepper; 4 1/2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 2 large onions, halved lengthwise, then cut lengthwise into 1/4-inch-wide strips; 2 large garlic cloves, minced; 2 Turkish bay leaves or 1 California; 1/3 cup finely diced Spanish chorizo (cured spiced pork sausage; 1 1/2 oz; casings discarded if desired); 1/2 teaspoon Spanish smoked paprika (not hot); 1/4 cup chopped pitted green olives; 1/4 cup golden raisins; 1/2 cup dry white wine; 1/2 cup reduced-sodium chicken broth; 1 pound frozen pizza dough, thawed | INSTRUCTIONS: Make filling: Pat chicken dry and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Heat 2 tablespoons oil in a 12-inch heavy skillet over moderately high heat until hot but not smoking, then brown chicken, turning over once, about 6 minutes total, and transfer to a plate. Sauté onions, garlic, and bay leaves in fat remaining in skillet, stirring frequently, until onions are softened, 4 to 5 minutes. Add chorizo and paprika and cook, stirring, 1 minute. Add olives, raisins, wine, and broth and bring to a boil, stirring and scraping up any brown bits. Return chicken to skillet along with any juices accumulated on <END>
INPUT: sauce, coarse bread crumbs, Parmigiano Reggiano, wine, water, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Scallops with Mushrooms in White-Wine Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup coarse fresh bread crumbs from a baguette; 1/4 cup finely grated Parmigiano-Reggiano (1/2 ounce); 1 1/4 cups dry white wine; 1 cup water; 1/2 small onion, sliced; 1/2 Turkish or 1/4 California bay leaf; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/4 teaspoon black pepper; 1 lb sea scallops, tough muscle removed from side of each if necessary and scallops cut into 3/4-inch pieces; 1/2 lb small mushrooms, halved lengthwise, then thinly sliced lengthwise; 3/4 stick (6 tablespoons) unsalted butter; 1/2 cup heavy cream; 1 large egg yolk; 1 tablespoon all-purpose flour; 8 cups kosher salt to stabilize scallop shells (if using) | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350°F. Toast bread crumbs on a baking sheet in middle of oven until pale golden, 6 to 8 minutes, then toss with cheese. Simmer wine, water, onion, bay leaf, salt, and pepper in a 2 1/2- to 3-quart heavy saucepan, uncovered, 5 minutes, then add scallops and simmer, uncovered, stirring occasionally, until just cooked through, 2 to 3 minutes. Transfer scallops to a platter with a slotted spoon to cool, returning any onions to pan, then boil cooking liquid until reduced to about 1 cup, 8 to 10 minutes. Pour cooking liquid through a sieve into a bowl. Cook mushrooms in 2 tablespoons <END>
INPUT: kiss, cranberry juice cocktail, vodka, amaretto, orange juice, Ice cubes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Amaretto-Cranberry Kiss | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups cranberry juice cocktail; 1 cup vodka; 1/2 cup amaretto; 3 tablespoons fresh orange juice; Ice cubes; Clementines, peeled, separated into segments | INSTRUCTIONS: Mix cranberry juice, vodka, amaretto, and orange juice in pitcher. Cover and chill until ready to serve. DO AHEAD: Can be prepared 1 day ahead. Keep refrigerated. To make 2 drinks, fill cocktail shaker with ice cubes. Pour in scant 1 cup vodka mixture. Cover and shake vigorously. Strain into 2 Martini glasses. Garnish each with clementine segment. Repeat 3 times with ice cubes, remaining vodka mixture, and clementine segments. Mix cranberry juice, vodka, amaretto, and orange juice in pitcher. Cover and chill until ready to serve. DO AHEAD: Can be prepared 1 day ahead. Keep refrigerated. To mak <END>
INPUT: cakes, corn grilled, eggs, scallions, basil, rosemary
OUTPUT: TITLE: Corn Cakes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 ears corn grilled, kernels removed (4 cups); 4 eggs; 2 scallions, chopped; 1/4 cup chopped fresh basil; 1 teaspoon chopped fresh rosemary; 1/2 cup chopped cilantro; 1/2 teaspoon red pepper flakes; 1 1/2 cups cornmeal; Salt and pepper to taste; 4 egg whites; Canola oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Grill corn, turning frequently until marked lightly (about 6 to 8 minutes total). When corn is cool, cut kernels from the cob. In a food processor, combine eggs, 1/2 the corn, scallions, basil, rosemary, cilantro and red pepper flakes. Pour into a bowl and add the rest of the grilled corn kernels, cornmeal, salt and pepper. Fold in the egg whites. In a large non-stick frying pan heat 1 tablespoon of canola oil over medium heat. Spoon in corn batter for size of corn cake desired (1 tablespoon for an appetizer base or 1/4 cup for dinner size). Fry until golden brown (for about 2 minutes per side <END>
INPUT: stir, vegetables, canola oil, ginger, julienne onions, garlic, fermented beans
OUTPUT: TITLE: Stir Fried Clams and Vegetables in Black Bean Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons canola oil; 2 tablespoons chopped ginger; 1/2 cup julienne onions; 2 tablespoons chopped garlic; 1/2 cup fermented black beans, chopped; 1 tablespoon Hoisin sauce; 1/2 cup Chinese rice wine; 1 1/2 cups chicken stock; 2 teaspoons cornstarch; 2 tablespoons water; 4 dozen manila clams, cleaned; 1 cup julienne red bell peppers; 2 cups julienne snow peas; 2 jalapenos, seeds and stem removed and julienned; 4 scallions, sliced thin on the bias | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat a wok over high heat. Add the canola oil. Add the ginger and onions and saute until translucent, about 3 to 4 minutes. Add the garlic and the fermented black beans and cook for another 1 minute. Add the hoisin sauce, rice wine and chicken stock. Bring to a simmer and let cook for 5 minutes for flavors to combine. Combine the cornstarch and water to make a slurry. Whisk the slurry into the mixture and let simmer for 3 minutes. Add the clams and cover. Cook, covered, for 3 minutes, or until the clams begin to open. Remove the cover and add the bell peppers, snow peas and jalapenos. Toss the <END>
INPUT: American, beefsteak tomato, Bermuda onion, olive oil, oregano
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sourdough, Grilled Tomato, Red Onion and Blue Cheese | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 large red beefsteak tomato, sliced; 1 large yellow beefsteak tomato, sliced; 1 large red Bermuda onion, sliced; 1/4 cup olive oil; 2 tablespoons dry oregano; Salt and pepper to taste; 1 sourdough sandwich loaf, sliced; Whole butter at room temperature; 2 tablespoons fresh rosemary leaves, chopped; Cracked black pepper; 1 small bunch arugula leaves, well washed; 8 ounces blue cheese, crumbled into large chunks | INSTRUCTIONS: Brush the tomatoes and onion slices with oil, sprinkle with oregano and season with salt and pepper. Grill the vegetables quickly on both sides until nicely charred. Toast slices of sourdough in a toaster or under a broiler. Spread a light coating of soft butter on the toast, sprinkle the chopped rosemary on the buttered bread and dust lightly with black pepper. Make the sandwiches by layering the arugula leaves, grilled tomato and onion on half of the slices of toasted sourdough. Reserve the unfilled bread for the tops of the sandwiches. Spread the crumbled blue cheese on top of the vegetable <END>
INPUT: osso, buco, canola oil, veal stew meat, Kosher salt pepper, all purpose flour
OUTPUT: TITLE: Osso Buco Stew with Spicy Polenta | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons canola oil; 1 1/2 pounds veal stew meat; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1/4 cup all-purpose flour; 1 (15-ounce) can chicken broth or stock; 1 medium onion, chopped; 3 stalks celery, chopped; 2 large carrots, sliced; 1 (15-ounce) can diced tomatoes; 1 tablespoon chopped garlic; 4 sprigs thyme, plus leaves for garnish; 1 (8-ounce) package polenta; 1 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 1/2 teaspoon if you like it less spicy; 1/4 cup grated Parmesan; 2 tablespoons butter | INSTRUCTIONS: Put a large skillet over medium-high heat and add the oil. Season the stew meat with salt and pepper, to taste, and dredge in the flour, shaking off any excess. Add the stew meat to the pan and brown on all sides, about 8 minutes. Remove the meat from the pan and set aside on a plate. Pour the chicken broth or stock into the skillet to deglaze and scrape up all the brown bits on the bottom. Turn off the heat and let it sit. To the sleeve of a 5 quart slow cooker add half of the chopped the vegetables and nestle half of the meat on top. Add the remaining vegetables, remaining meat, tomatoes, ga <END>
INPUT: Mexican, tagine, olives, Rock salt, chicken, wine vinegar, olive oil, cilantro
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken Tagine with Olives and Preserved Lemons | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: Rock salt; 1 whole large chicken, cut into 8 pieces; 1 tablespoon white wine vinegar; 5 tablespoons olive oil; 1 large bunch fresh cilantro, chopped; 1 teaspoon cinnamon; 1/2 teaspoon real saffron; Pinch fine salt; 1/2 pound onions, chopped; 5 cloves garlic, chopped; 1 teaspoon cumin; 1 teaspoon ground ginger; 1 teaspoon paprika; 1 teaspoon turmeric; 1/4 pound gizzards, optional | INSTRUCTIONS: First rub the rock salt into the chicken pieces and then wash the chicken in the white wine vinegar and water. Leave for 10 minutes. Rinse and dry and place onto a clean plate. In a large bowl, mix the olive oil, coriander, cinnamon, saffron, fine salt, 1/2 the onions, garlic, cumin, ginger, paprika, turmeric. Mix all these ingredients into the oil and crush the garlic and add a little water to make a paste. Roll the chicken pieces into the marinade and leave for 10 to 15 minutes. For cooking, use a tagine (traditional Moroccan dish) or a deep, heavy bottom casserole dish. Heat the dish up and <END>
INPUT: buns, Medjool dates, kosher salt, orange zest, cinnamon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cinnamon-Date Buns | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 16 Medjool dates, pitted (about 8 ounces); 1/4 teaspoon kosher salt; 1/2 cup (1 stick) unsalted butter, room temperature; 1 tablespoon finely grated orange zest; 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1/3 cup whole milk; 4 tablespoons honey, divided; 1 envelope active dry yeast (about 2 1/4 teaspoons); 2 large egg yolks; 2 large eggs; 1/3 cup buttermilk; 1 cup spelt flour; 1 1/4 teaspoons kosher salt; 2 cups all-purpose flour, plus more for surface; 1/2 cup (1 stick) unsalted butter, cut into pieces, room temperature, plus melted butter for bowl and brushing | INSTRUCTIONS: Date filling: Bring dates, salt, and 1 1/2 cups water to a boil in a medium saucepan. Reduce heat and simmer, stirring and mashing occasionally, until dates are falling apart and water is evaporated (it should be a thick paste), 10-15 minutes. Let cool, then stir in butter, orange zest, and cinnamon. Do ahead: Date filling can be made 1 week ahead. Cover and chill. Bring to room temperature before using. Bring dates, salt, and 1 1/2 cups water to a boil in a medium saucepan. Reduce heat and simmer, stirring and mashing occasionally, until dates are falling apart and water is evaporated (it sho <END>
INPUT: half, shell, oysters, shallots, lemon juice, salt, hot pepper sauce
OUTPUT: TITLE: Oysters on the Half Shell with Lemon Shallot Vinaigrette | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 12 oysters; 2 shallots, minced; 3 tablespoons freshly squeezed lemon juice; 1/8 teaspoon salt; 1 teaspoon hot pepper sauce (recommended: Tabasco); 2 tablespoons canola oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Open oysters with a shucking knife. Separate the tendons at the top and bottom of the shell. Retain all liquids in the shell. Whisk remaining ingredients together in a small bowl. Spoon 1 teaspoon of vinaigrette over each oyster. Serve immediately. Recommended beverage: Sancerre (white) <END>
INPUT: martini, vodka, sour apple Schnapps, apple juice, Sour apple hard, Apple peel curl
OUTPUT: TITLE: Apple Martini with Sour Apple Hard Candy | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 part vodka; 1 part sour apple Schnapps; 1 part apple juice; Sour apple hard candy, for garnish (recommended: Jolly Rancher); Apple peel curl, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Pour vodka, Schnapps and apple juice into a cocktail shaker with ice. Shake well and strain into a pitcher or a chilled martini glass. Drop a sour apple candy in each glass and garnish with a curl of apple peel. <END>
INPUT: club, Kirby cucumber, virgin olive oil, grain mustard, scallions
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tuna Avocado Club | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 (6-ounce) cans water-packed tuna, drained; 1 Kirby cucumber, seeded and finely diced (3/4 cup); 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, plus a drizzle; 3 tablespoons whole-grain mustard; 2 scallions (white and green parts), thinly sliced; 1 1/2 tablespoons chopped fresh dill leaves; 1 1/2 teaspoons finely grated lemon zest from 1 lemon; Kosher salt; Freshly ground black pepper; 8 slices nine-grain bread; 1 Hass avocado, halved, seeded, and sliced; 1 1/2 cup mesclun salad, or other lettuce; 2 large tomatoes | INSTRUCTIONS: Break up the tuna in a medium bowl. Stir in the cucumber, olive oil, mustard, scallions, dill, lemon zest, and season with salt and pepper. Lay the bread on a work surface and spread about 1/4 of the tuna mixture on 4 of the slices. Top with avocado slices and lettuce. Lay the tomato slices on the 4 remaining pieces of bread; season with salt and pepper and drizzle with a bit of olive oil. Close the sandwiches, pressing each one together slightly. Serve. Alternatively serve them open faced to use less bread. <END>
INPUT: cake, almonds, sugar, cornstarch, egg whites, cream tartar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Almond Praline Ice-Cream Cake | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup plus 2 tablespoons whole almonds (about 7 ounces); 3/4 cup plus 2 tablespoons sugar; 4 teaspoons cornstarch; 6 large egg whites; 1/8 teaspoon cream of tartar; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 1/8 teaspoon almond extract; 2 cups Almond Praline Butter; 1 quart super-premium vanilla ice cream, barely softened; 1 cup heavy cream; 2 tablespoons sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: Make meringue layers: Preheat oven to 300°F. In a large baking pan toast almonds in one layer in middle of oven 15 to 20 minutes, or until fragrant and golden, and cool completely. Line 2 baking sheets with parchment paper. Using a 9-inch springform pan as a guide, trace a circle on each piece of parchment and turn paper over. (Circle will show through.) In a food processor pulse together almonds, 3/4 cup sugar, and cornstarch until almonds are ground fine. In the large bowl of a standing electric mixer beat egg whites with cream of tartar and salt until they hold soft peaks. Add almond extrac <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, hummus, toasts, olive oil, paprika, cumin seeds
OUTPUT: TITLE: Smoked Caviar and Hummus on Pita Toasts | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 10 (5- to 6-inch) pita pockets; 3/4 cup olive oil; 2 teaspoons paprika; 4 teaspoons cumin seeds, toasted; 2 (15 1/2-ounce) cans chick-peas, rinsed; 1 garlic clove, coarsely chopped; 1/3 cup chopped fresh flat-leaf parsley; 1/2 cup stirred tahini (Middle Eastern sesame paste); 1/4 cup fresh lemon juice; 1 1/2 teaspoons salt; 1/3 to 1/2 cup water; 11 1/2-ounce jar smoked whitefish caviar; Garnish: 160 small fresh flat-leaf parsley leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: Toast pitas: Preheat oven to 350°F. Halve pitas horizontally and stir together oil and paprika. Brush rough sides of pitas with paprika oil and season with salt. Cut each pita round into 8 wedges and bake in single layers on a large baking sheet in middle of oven 10 minutes, or until crisp. Preheat oven to 350°F. Halve pitas horizontally and stir together oil and paprika. Brush rough sides of pitas with paprika oil and season with salt. Cut each pita round into 8 wedges and bake in single layers on a large baking sheet in middle of oven 10 minutes, or until crisp. Make hummus: Finely grind cum <END>
INPUT: bacon, garlic, packages peas, Italian parsley
OUTPUT: TITLE: Peas with Bacon, Garlic and Parsley | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 7 bacon slices, chopped; 3 garlic cloves, chopped; 2 10-ounce packages frozen peas, thawed; 2 tablespoons (1/4 stick) butter; Chopped Italian parsley | INSTRUCTIONS: Sauté bacon in heavy large skillet over medium-high heat until brown and crisp. Using slotted spoon, transfer bacon to paper towels and drain. Discard all but 2 tablespoons drippings from skillet. Add garlic to skillet; sauté until fragrant, about 30 seconds. Add peas and butter to skillet. Saut until heated through, about 5 minutes. Mix in bacon; season with salt and pepper. Transfer to dish; sprinkle with parsley. Sauté bacon in heavy large skillet over medium-high heat until brown and crisp. Using slotted spoon, transfer bacon to paper towels and drain. Discard all but 2 tablespoons drippin <END>
INPUT: Brussels sprouts, carrots, onions, bacon, thyme
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Cod with Carrots and Brussels Sprouts | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 pounds Brussels sprouts, trimmed and halved; 4 carrots, halved lengthwise and cut into 1-inch pieces; 2 red onions, cut into 1/2-inch wedges; 3 slices bacon, chopped; 2 teaspoons fresh thyme, plus 4 sprigs; 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper; 4 6-ounce skinless Pacific cod fillets; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley; Lemon wedges, for serving | INSTRUCTIONS: Put a rimmed baking sheet in the upper third of the oven and preheat to 475 degrees F. Toss the Brussels sprouts, carrots, red onions, bacon, thyme leaves, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1/2 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of pepper in a large bowl. Spread on the hot baking sheet and roast until the vegetables are tender and start browning around the edges, about 20 minutes. Season the cod all over with salt and pepper and brush with the remaining 1 tablespoon olive oil. Arrange the cod fillets about 2 inches apart on top of the vegetables and top each with a thyme sprig. Roast until the fish is just <END>
INPUT: Mexican, salad, quinoa, beans, wine vinegar, corn, bell pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Quinoa and Black Beans Salad | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cups quinoa (small disk-shaped seeds); 1 1/2 cups cooked black beans, rinsed, if canned; 1 1/2 tablespoons red-wine vinegar; 1 1/2 cups cooked corn (cut from about 2 large ears); 3/4 cup finely chopped green bell pepper; 2 pickled jalpeno chilies, seeded and minced (wear rubber gloves); 1/4 cup finely chopped fresh coriander; 5 tablespoons fresh lime juice, or to taste; 1 teaspoon salt; 1 1/4 teaspoons ground cumin, or to taste; 1/3 cup olive oil | INSTRUCTIONS: In a bowl wash quinoa in at least 5 changes cold water, rubbing grains and letting them settle Before pouring off most of water, until water runs clear and drain in a large fine sieve. In a saucepan of salted boiling water cook quinoa 10 minutes. Drain quinoa in sieve and rinse under cold water. Set sieve over a saucepan of boiling water (quinoa should not touch water) and steam quinoa, covered with a kitchen towel and lid, until fluffy and dry, about 10 minutes (check water level in kettle occasionally, adding water if necessary). While quinoa is cooking, in a small bowl toss beans with vineg <END>
INPUT: American, giant, danish, sugar, sour cream, lemon juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Giant Cinnamon-Cheese Danish | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 can (17.5 oz) Pillsbury® Grands!® refrigerated cinnamon rolls with icing; 1 package (8 oz) cream cheese, softened; 1/2 cup sugar; 2 teaspoons sour cream; 1 teaspoon lemon juice; 1 teaspoon vanilla | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat oven to 350 degrees F. Lightly grease 9-inch glass pie plate with shortening, or spray with CRISCO® Original No-Stick Cooking Spray. Separate dough into 5 rolls; set icing aside. Unroll 1 roll into long strip of dough; reroll loosely and place in center of pie plate. Unroll second roll; loosely wrap around first roll, cinnamon side in. Replace any cinnamon that falls off. Repeat with remaining rolls, coiling dough in pie plate into spiral shape. In small bowl, beat remaining ingredients except icing with electric mixer on medium speed until smooth. Spoon cream cheese mixture into decorati <END>
INPUT: crackling, sugar, salt, pork hind shanks, lard, sauerkraut
OUTPUT: TITLE: Crackling Pork Shank with Fire Cracker Apple Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound sugar; 2 pounds salt; 4 pork hind shanks; 4 pounds lard; 2 pounds sauerkraut; 1 quart Pineapple Mustard Glaze, recipe follows; 2 tablespoons poppy seeds; Salt; Pepper; 1/4 cup chives; Firecracker Applesauce, recipe follows; 12 Granny Smith apples, cored and chopped with skins, plus 4, diced, for garnish; 2 serranos, chopped, plus 4 whole serranos, for garnish; 1/2 cup apple cider vinegar; 3 whole cloves | INSTRUCTIONS: Mix together sugar and salt. Score skin on the pork shanks and dust generously with salt and sugar. Place in the refrigerator and let cure for 24 hours. Slowly melt the lard in a large saucepan to 225 degrees F. Add the pork shanks and cook for 2 1/2 hours, or until done. Carefully remove from the heat and cool. Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F. Place the pork in a baking pan and bake for 10 minutes. Heat the lard to 350 degrees F. Add the pork to the oil and fry until crispy. While pork is frying, add sauerkraut to a saucepan and heat. Add 1 cup of the pineapple mustard glaze, poppy seeds, s <END>
INPUT: Italian, farro, grape tomatoes, container pesto, chicken breasts, Zest juice lemon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pesto Farro with Chicken, Smoked Mozzarella and Tomatoes | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup farro; 1 pint grape tomatoes, halved; One 7-ounce container pesto; 2 cooked chicken breasts, diced (about 1 1/2 cups); Zest and juice of 1 lemon; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 7 ounces smoked mozzarella, cubed; Grated Parmesan, for serving | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Cook the farro according to the package instructions. In a large bowl, combine the warn farro with the tomatoes, pesto, diced chicken and lemon zest and juice. Season with salt and pepper. Stir in the mozzarella last so that it maintains its shape and doesn't melt completely. Serve with a sprinkle of grated Parmesan. <END>
INPUT: strathearn, honey, kosher salt, bay leaves, garlic, thyme
OUTPUT: TITLE: Strathearn Roasted Chicken | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup honey; 1/2 cup kosher salt; 2 bay leaves; 2 cloves garlic, peeled and smashed; 2 sprigs fresh thyme; 3 cups ice cubes; One 4- to 5-pound chicken, cut into 10 pieces, backbone removed; 1/4 cup honey; 2 teaspoons apple cider vinegar; Juice of 1 orange; 1 tablespoon kosher salt; 2 teaspoons freshly cracked black pepper; 1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil; 1 pound assorted fancy mushrooms (e.g. cremini, oyster, shiitake, king trumpet); 1 tablespoon thinly sliced garlic | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. For the chicken brine: Combine 1 cup water, the honey, salt, bay leaves, garlic and thyme in a large saucepot. Bring to a boil over medium-high heat. Once at a boil, turn off the heat and add the ice cubes. Place the chicken and brine into a large resealable gallon plastic bag. Refrigerate, brining the chicken, for 1 hour. For the honey glaze: In a small saucepot over medium-low heat, whisk the honey, vinegar and orange juice until just simmering. Remove from the heat and set aside at room temperature until ready to use. For the <END>
INPUT: unsalted butter, salt, cayenne pepper taste, pecans
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Pecans | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1 teaspoon salt; 1/4 teaspoon cayenne pepper or to taste; 2 cups pecans | INSTRUCTIONS: Melt unsalted butter, 1 teaspoon salt, and 1/2 teaspoon cayenne. Pour this mixture over 2 cups pecans, tossing to coat them. Bake the nuts on a cookie sheet at 350 degrees for 10 minutes or until nuts are beginning to brown. Remove immediately to drain on paper towels. <END>
INPUT: schnitzel, eggplant, Salt, lemons, wine cider vinegar, Dijon mustard
OUTPUT: TITLE: Eggplant Schnitzel and Roasted Peppers | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 large firm eggplant; Salt; 2 lemons, 1 juiced and 1 cut into wedges; 2 tablespoons white wine or cider vinegar; 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard; 3 tablespoons olive oil, plus some for drizzling; Black pepper; 3 large field or bell red peppers; 3 tablespoons capers; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh thyme; 1 large clove garlic, finely chopped; 1 1/2 cups breadcrumbs; 1 teaspoon granulated garlic; 1 teaspoon granulated onion; About 1/8 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Trim the sides of the eggplant and slice lengthwise into 4 large thin steaks or eggplant cutlets, 1/4-inch thick. Salt the eggplant on both sides and drain on a towel for 20 minutes, turning occasionally. In a shallow dish combine the juice of 1 lemon with the vinegar and Dijon. Whisk in 3 tablespoons olive oil, and season the dressing with pepper. Pat the eggplant dry and turn in the dressing, and cover and chill at least 4 hours or overnight. Char the peppers evenly over a flame or under the broiler to blacken the skins all over. Cover and cool to handle. Wipe  <END>
INPUT: American, pear, granulated sugar, kosher salt, all purpose flour, vegetable shortening
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pear Pie with Red Wine and Rosemary | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons granulated sugar; 1 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt; 3 cups all-purpose flour, plus more for dusting; 12 tablespoons (1 1/2 sticks) chilled unsalted butter, cut into pieces; 1/4 cup chilled vegetable shortening, cut into pieces; 2 large egg yolks; 1 teaspoon apple cider vinegar; 3/4 cup granulated sugar; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh rosemary; 1 3/4 cups dry red wine, divided; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, cut into pieces; 5 teaspoons cornstarch; 1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 5 teaspoons all-purpose flour plus more for dusting; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract | INSTRUCTIONS: For basic pie dough: Pulse granulated sugar, salt, and 3 cups flour in a food processor to combine. Add butter and shortening and pulse until mixture resembles coarse meal with a few pea-size pieces of butter remaining. Transfer to a large bowl. Whisk egg yolks, vinegar, and 1/2 cup ice water in a small bowl. Drizzle half of egg mixture over flour mixture and, using a fork, mix gently just until combined. Add remaining egg mixture and mix until dough just comes together (you will have some unincorporated pieces). Turn out dough onto a lightly floured surface, flatten slightly, and cut into qua <END>
INPUT: virgin olive oil, wine vinegar, garlic, oregano
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Marinated Lamb with Mache and Mint | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup extra-virgin olive oil, plus more for grilling; 1/4 cup red wine vinegar; 4 garlic cloves, chopped; 1 tablespoon dried oregano; 1 tablespoon fresh oregano; 1 tablespoon fresh thyme leaves; 1 lemon, juiced; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 (3 1/2 pound) boneless leg of lamb, butterflied; 1 bunch mache; 1 bunch mint, leaves only; 2 scallions, sliced thin; Lemony Chickpea Puree, recipe follows; 1 cup dried chickpeas, soaked overnight; 1 bay leaf | INSTRUCTIONS: To make the vinaigrette, whisk together the oil, vinegar, garlic, dried and fresh oregano, thyme, and lemon juice; season with salt and pepper. Pat the lamb dry and place it into a shallow platter. Season it well with salt and pepper. Pour 1/2 the vinaigrette over the lamb and let it marinate for at least 15 minutes or up to 2 hours. Heat the grill or grill pan and oil it lightly. Remove the lamb from the marinade and grill for about 15 to 20 minutes per side for medium-rare. (Adjust the time accordingly for other degrees of doneness.) Cover and let rest for 10 minutes. Carve into thin slices. <END>
INPUT: slow, cooker, cabbage, onion, potatoes, caraway seeds
OUTPUT: TITLE: Slow-Cooker Cabbage, Potatoes and Bacon | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Nonstick cooking spray; 1 small cabbage, roughly chopped (about 6 cups); 1 small onion, chopped; 3 medium potatoes (about 1 pound); 1 tablespoon caraway seeds, optional; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 4 strips center-cut bacon, chopped; 8 ounces Irish lager beer, such as Harp, or reduced-sodium chicken stock | INSTRUCTIONS: Spray a large slow-cooker crock with nonstick cooking spray. Place the cabbage in the bottom, then add the onion and toss gently. Add the potatoes, caraway seeds, 3/4 teaspoon salt and 1/2 teaspoon pepper. Sprinkle the potatoes with bacon and pour the beer over the potatoes and bacon. Cook until the potatoes are tender, 3 hours on the high setting or 6 to 7 hours on the low setting. Stir gently before serving. <END>
INPUT: pancetta, shallot, garlic, zest juice orange, shelled peas
OUTPUT: TITLE: Peas and Pancetta | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 pound pancetta, diced (1 cup); 1 shallot, sliced; 1 teaspoon minced garlic; Grated zest and juice of 1 orange; 3 cups shelled fresh peas (about 1 pound); 1/4 cup chopped fresh parsley; 1 tablespoon unsalted butter; Kosher salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook the pancetta in a large skillet over medium-low heat until crispy, about 5 minutes. Add the shallot and garlic, cook 1 minute and then add the orange juice. Increase the heat to medium, add the peas and cook until tender, about 3 minutes. Remove the pan from the heat and fold in the orange zest, parsley and butter. Taste for seasoning and add salt if necessary, though you shouldn't need much, if any, because the pancetta adds a natural saltiness to the dish. Photograph by Yunhee Kim <END>
INPUT: melba, sugar, water, lemon juice, vanilla bean, peaches
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Peach Melba | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 cup sugar, plus 1 tablespoon; 3/4 cup water; 2 tablespoons freshly squeezed lemon juice, divided; 1 vanilla bean, scraped; 4 medium peaches, peeled, pitted, and cut in half; 8 ounces frozen raspberries, thawed; Vanilla ice cream, for serving | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat a grill to medium-high heat. Place 3/4 cup sugar, water, 1 tablespoon of the lemon juice, and the seeds from the vanilla bean into a small saucepan and set over high heat. Bring the mixture to a boil and boil for 1 to 2 minutes. Remove from the heat. Add the peaches; spooning the sauce over them. Set aside. Place the raspberries, the remaining 1 tablespoon of lemon juice, and 1 tablespoon sugar into the bowl of a food processor and puree. Pass the mixture through a fine mesh sieve into a small bowl. Cover and set in the refrigerator. Once the grill is hot <END>
INPUT: Mexican, cake, butter, sugar, coconut oil, eggs, all purpose flour
OUTPUT: TITLE: Put the Lime in the Coconut Cake | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup butter; 2 cups sugar; 1 teaspoon coconut oil; 4 eggs; 2 1/2 cup all-purpose flour; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1 teaspoon baking soda; 1/2 teaspoon baking powder; 1 cup coconut milk; 1 cup sour cream or yogurt; 1 cup sugar; 2 limes, zested and juicd; 1/4 cup coconut milk; 1 cup shredded coconut; 1/2 cup butter | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F and grease and flour 2 (9-inch) cake pans. In an electric mixer or using a hand beater, cream butter and sugar until fluffy. Add coconut oil and eggs 1 at a time. In a mixing bowl or on a sheet of parchment paper, combine flour, salt, baking soda and powder. To mixer add coconut milk and flour to creamed mixture alternately, beginning and ending with flour. Pour batter into prepared pans and bake for 25 to 28 minutes. Allow to cool 10 minutes then unmold onto rack(s) over a sheet pan and allow to cool completely. For Glaze: In a medium bowl combine sour cream or y <END>
INPUT: tart, unbleached all purpose, cocoa powder, sugar, salt, baking powder
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spicy Chocolate Tart | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup unbleached all-purpose flour; 2 tablespoons cocoa powder; 1/4 cup sugar; 1 pinch salt; 1/2 teaspoon baking powder; 4 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1 large egg; 1/3 cup water; 1/3 cup sugar; 1/2 stick unsalted butter; 6 ounces semisweet chocolate; 3 large eggs; 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1/2 teaspoon ground cloves | INSTRUCTIONS: For the dough: Place flour in a mixing bowl and sift the cocoa powder over it. Stir in the sugar, salt and baking powder. Rub in the butter finely, leaving the mixture cool and powdery. Beat the egg and stir it into the dough. Press the dough together and wrap and chill it. Preheat oven to 350 degrees and set rack in the lower third of oven. On a floured surface, roll the dough and line a buttered 10-inch tart pan. Set aside while preparing filling. In a saucepan, over medium heat, bring sugar and water to a boil. Add butter and continue heating to melt butter. Off heat whisk in finely cut cho <END>
INPUT: American, pancakes, spread, all purpose flour, pecans, baking powder, cinnamon, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Carrot Pancakes with Cream Cheese Spread | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/4 cups all-purpose flour; 2 tablespoons finely chopped pecans; 2 teaspoons baking powder; 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 1/4 teaspoon ground ginger; Dash nutmeg; 1 egg, lightly beaten; 1/3 cup packed brown or granulated sugar; 1 cup milk; 2 cups finely grated carrots; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; 4 ounces cream cheese; 1/4 powdered sugar; 2 tablespoons milk | INSTRUCTIONS: In a bowl, combine flour, pecans, baking powder, cinnamon, salt, ginger, and nutmeg. In a separate bowl, combine egg, brown sugar, milk, carrots, and vanilla; mix well. Stir carrot mixture into dry ingredients until moistened. Pour batter by 1/4 cupful onto a greased hot griddle. Turn when bubbles form on the top of pancake; flip and cook until golden brown. For topping, blend cream cheese, powdered sugar, milk, and vanilla until smooth. Sprinkle with cinnamon, and serve with pancakes. <END>
INPUT: paillard, chicken breasts, virgin olive oil, thyme, flat leaf parsley, lemon zested juiced
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken Paillard | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 small whole chicken breasts or 2 large*; Extra-virgin olive oil, for drizzling, plus 2 tablespoons; 4 sprigs fresh thyme, stripped and finely chopped, about 2 tablespoons; 2 tablespoons fresh chopped flat-leaf parsley, a handful; 1 lemon zested and juiced; Coarse salt and black pepper; 2 tablespoons butter; 2 tablespoons all-purpose flour; 2 cups chicken stock or chicken broth; 1 sack, 5 ounces, mixed baby salad greens, available in produce section | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat a large nonstick skillet over medium high heat. Arrange the chicken in a shallow baking dish and drizzle meat with extra-virgin olive oil to just coat the chicken, about 1 1/2 tablespoons, total. Combine chopped herbs and lemon zest and sprinkle over the chicken. Season the chicken with salt and pepper. Using your hands, rub the chicken and coat evenly with the herbs and seasonings. Wash hands with hot water and soap. Using tongs, transfer chicken in a single layer to hot skillet and cook chicken cutlets 3 or 4 minutes on each side. Cover cooked chicken l <END>
INPUT: breakfast, cookies, apple, unsweetened applesauce, coconut oil, pure maple syrup, all purpose flour
OUTPUT: TITLE: Apple-Cinnamon Breakfast Cookies | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 large apple, peeled; 1 cup unsweetened applesauce; 1/3 cup coconut oil, warm enough to be liquid; 1/3 cup pure maple syrup; 1 cup all-purpose flour; 1 cup old-fashioned rolled oats; 2 teaspoons ground cinnamon; 1/2 teaspoon baking powder; 1/4 teaspoon nutmeg; 1/8 teaspoon salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper or a silicone baking mat. Grate the apple, and squeeze out the excess liquid. (This is a great snack for the kids; they love the fresh apple juice!) Mix the grated apple with the applesauce, coconut oil and maple syrup in a large bowl. Stir together the flour, oats, cinnamon, baking powder, nutmeg and salt in a medium bowl. Mix the dry ingredients into the wet ingredients until just combined. Scoop the batter onto the prepared baking sheet using a 1/4-cup measuring cup. Leave 2 inches between each cookie. Bake until li <END>
INPUT: slow, plum shaped tomatoes, olive oil, Salt pepper, balsamic vinegar, ancho chiles
OUTPUT: TITLE: Slow Roasted Tomatoes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 10 to 12 plum shaped tomatoes, halved and seeded; 3 tablespoons olive oil, plus 3 tablespoons; Salt and freshly ground pepper; 2 tablespoons balsamic vinegar; 3 dried ancho chiles (1 1/2 to 2 ounces); 1/2 cup (1 1/2 ounces) loose Lapsang Souchong tea or 20 tea bags; 1 ounce (about 1/3 cup) dried wild mushrooms, such as porcinis or morels | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 200 degrees F. Cut the tomatoes in 1/2 and place them, cut-side down, on a baker's rack set in a roasting pan Drizzle the tomato halves with 3 tablespoons olive oil and roast for 1 to 1 1/2 hours, until the tomatoes are roasted to a dark red. The excess moisture will have evaporated, and the remaining tomatoes will have a delicious concentrated flavor and aroma. Cut the roasted tomato halves into quarters. Serve hot; toss with 3 tablespoons of olive oil and 2 tablespoons of vinegar, or the attached essences, and serve. Break the chiles apart. Remove the stems and seeds. If the  <END>
INPUT: knots, olive oil additional, pizza dough, garlic, salt, flat leaf parsley
OUTPUT: TITLE: Garlic Knots | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons olive oil plus additional for greasing pan; 2 lb frozen pizza dough, thawed; 1 garlic clove; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh flat-leaf parsley; 1 oz Parmigiano-Reggiano, finely grated (1/2 cup) | INSTRUCTIONS: Put oven racks in upper and lower thirds of oven and preheat oven to 400°F. Lightly oil 2 large (17- by 13-inch) baking sheets. Divide dough in half. Keep half of dough covered with a clean kitchen towel (not terry cloth). Gently roll out other half into a 10-inch square on a lightly floured surface with a lightly floured rolling pin. (Use your hands to pull corners. If dough is very elastic, cover with a clean kitchen towel and let rest about 3 minutes.) Cut square in half with a pizza wheel or a sharp heavy knife, then cut each half crosswise into 15 strips (about 2/3 inch wide). Cover strip <END>
INPUT: holiday, cookies, cake mix, unsalted butter, eggs
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cake Mix Holiday Cookies | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Nonstick cooking spray, for spraying the baking sheets; 1 box yellow cake mix (for two 9-inch rounds), such as Duncan Hines; 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted; 2 large eggs; 6 tablespoons unsalted butter; 4 ounces white chocolate, coarsely chopped; One 8-ounce package cream cheese, at room temperature; 1/2 cup confectioners' sugar; 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract; Sprinkles, for decorating | INSTRUCTIONS: For the cookies: Position oven racks in the top and bottom thirds of the oven and preheat to 350 degrees F. Coat 2 baking sheets with cooking spray. Beat the cake mix, butter, eggs and 1/3 cup water with an electric mixer on medium speed in a large bowl until smooth and no bits of dry cake mix are left. Drop the batter by the tablespoonful (a small ice cream scoop will make this task easier) onto the prepared baking sheets about 1 1/2 inches apart. (You will have additional batter for a second batch.) Bake until the cookies are set around the edges but still soft in the center, about 8 minutes <END>
INPUT: Italian, ingredient, pesto, young carrots, virgin olive oil, kosher salt, pepper, roasted
OUTPUT: TITLE: 3-Ingredient Roasted Carrots With Pistachio Pesto | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 2 pounds young carrots, trimmed, peeled, plus 1 cup coarsely chopped carrot tops; 1/2 cup plus 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, divided; 1 1/2 teaspoons kosher salt, divided; 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 1/2 cup coarsely chopped roasted, salted pistachios, divided; 2 cups (loosely packed) basil leaves, plus more for serving | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 400°F. Toss carrots with 2 Tbsp. oil, 1 tsp. salt, and 1/2 tsp. pepper on a rimmed baking sheet. Roast, tossing occasionally, until carrots are golden brown and tender, 25–35 minutes. Let cool. Meanwhile, pulse 1/4 cup pistachios in a food processor until a coarse paste forms. Add carrot tops and 2 cups basil. Pulse until a coarse purée forms. Add remaining 1/2 cup oil and pulse until combined; season with remaining 1/2 tsp. salt and 1/2 tsp. pepper. Transfer carrots to a platter. Drizzle with pesto, then top with basil leaves and remaining 1/4 cup pistachios. Preheat oven to 4 <END>
INPUT: Asian, baking apples, crystallized ginger, butter, water, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Ginger Baked Apples | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 2 large baking apples (such as Rome Beauty); 2 tablespoons chopped crystallized ginger; 1 tablespoons butter, melted; 6 tablespoons water; 1 1/2 tablespoons sugar; 1 1/2 teaspoons fresh lemon juice; 3/4 teaspoon grated lemon peel; 1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon; Whipped cream (optional) | INSTRUCTIONS: Peel apples halfway down from stem end. Core apples without cutting through bottom. Place in broilerproof and microwave-safe casserole. Mix ginger and butter in small bowl. Spoon half of ginger mixture into each apple. Stir all remaining ingredients except cream in small saucepan over medium heat until sugar dissolves and syrup boils. Pour syrup over apples. Cover casserole loosely with plastic wrap. Microwave on high until apples are tender, rotating casserole twice, about 6 minutes. Uncover; spoon juices over. Preheat broiler. Broil apples until tops are glazed and syrup bubbles, about 2 min <END>
INPUT: Mexican, guacamole, hamburgers, chuck, pickled jalapeno chiles, avocado, lemon juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Guacamole Hamburgers with Monterey Jack and Chiles | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 pounds ground chuck; 1 (2-ounce) piece Monterey Jack, cut into 4 pieces; 4 teaspoons finely chopped seeded pickled jalapeno chiles; 1 avocado (preferably Haas); 2 1/2 teaspoons fresh lemon juice; 1/3 cup finely diced seeded tomato; 3 tablespoons minced scallion; 1/4 teaspoon ground cumin; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro, or to taste; 4 sesame hamburger buns or English muffins, split and toasted | INSTRUCTIONS: Handling the chuck as little as possible, divide it into fourths, shape each fourth into a ball, and with your thumb make a depression in the center or each ball. Fill each depression with a piece of the cheese and 1 teaspoon of the chiles and form the meat around the cheese mixture into a 1-inch patty. Season the hamburgers with salt and black pepper and grill them on oiled hot grill pan for 5 minutes on each side for medium-rare meat. Make the guacamole while the hamburgers are grilling: Halve, pit, and peel the avocado, in a bowl mash the flesh coarse with a fork, and stir in the lemon juic <END>
INPUT: leg lamb, virgin olive oil, Kosher salt pepper, garlic, bulb fennel
OUTPUT: TITLE: Balsamic-Braised Leg of Lamb | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: One 5- to 6-pound leg of lamb, deboned (ask the butcher to remove the bone and cut it into 3 or 4 pieces); Extra-virgin olive oil; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 6 cloves garlic; 1 bulb fennel, sliced; 1 jalapeno, roughly chopped (with seeds); 1 yellow onion, roughly chopped; 1 red bell pepper, roughly chopped; 1/2 cup tomato paste; 1 quart low-sodium beef stock; 2 cups balsamic vinegar; 2 tablespoons molasses | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: an 8-quart stovetop pressure cooker Cut the leg of lamb into 4 even pieces. Heat 2 to 3 tablespoons olive oil in an 8-quart stovetop pressure cooker over medium-high heat. Sprinkle the lamb pieces and bones all over with salt and pepper. Working in batches (to not overcrowd the pot), sear the meat and bones in the hot oil until well browned on all sides. Remove from the pot and set aside. Pour off excess oil from the pot and then add the garlic, fennel, jalapenos, onions and red bell peppers. Sweat for 2 to 3 minutes. Add tomato paste; cook for 2 minutes. Deglaze with the be <END>
INPUT: slaw, sugar, apple cider vinegar, canola oil, Salt pepper, cilantro
OUTPUT: TITLE: Radish and Cucumber Slaw | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 teaspoon sugar; 1/4 cup apple cider vinegar; 2 tablespoons canola oil; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1/2 cup chopped fresh cilantro; 4 scallions, sliced; 1 small head red cabbage, thinly sliced; 1 small cucumber, peeled, seeded and thinly sliced; 1 bunch radishes, thinly sliced (about 2 cups) | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large bowl, whisk together the cider vinegar, canola oil and sugar. Season with salt and pepper. Add the cilantro, scallions, three-quarters of the cabbage (reserve the remaining cabbage for another use, such as Round 2 Recipe Cabbage and Beef Stir Fry), cucumbers and radishes. Toss to combine. Cover and keep in the refrigerator until ready to serve. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, barbecue, chimichurri, mangoes, loosely cilantro, chipotle chile peppers, rice vinegar, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chipotle-Mango Barbecue Chicken With Cilantro Chimichurri | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 3 mangoes, peeled, pitted and chopped; 1 1/4 cups loosely packed fresh cilantro, not chopped, stems and all; 3 chipotle chile peppers in adobo sauce, plus 1 tablespoon sauce from the can; 3 tablespoons rice vinegar (not seasoned); 4 cloves garlic; 3 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 1 1/2 tablespoons canola oil, plus more for the grill; Kosher salt and freshly cracked pepper; 12 pieces skin-on, bone-in mixed chicken thighs and drumsticks (about 5 pounds); 1 1/2 cups fresh cilantro leaves; 1/2 cup fresh flat-leaf parsley leaves; 2 scallions, white parts only, roughly chopped; 3 cloves garlic, minced; 1 cup grapeseed oil; 1 teaspoon agave syrup | INSTRUCTIONS: Prepare the chicken: Put the mangoes, cilantro, chipotles, adobo sauce, vinegar, garlic, lemon juice, canola oil, 1 tablespoon salt and 1 teaspoon pepper in a food processor and puree until smooth. Adjust the seasoning to taste. Toss the chicken with half of the mango mixture in a resealable plastic bag and massage to coat the chicken with the sauce. Refrigerate at least 6 hours to marinate. Put the other half of the mango mixture in a small saucepan and simmer over low heat until thick, stirring often, about 15 minutes. Season with salt. Set some of the simmered mango sauce aside for serving  <END>
INPUT: roast, glaze, Cornish game hens, pineapple juice, pure maple syrup, lemon juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roast Game Hens with Pineapple Glaze | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 1 3/4-pound Cornish game hens, giblets removed; 2 tablespoons (1/4 stick) butter, melted; 1 8-ounce can crushed pineapple in juice, drained; 1/2 cup pure maple syrup; 1/4 cup fresh lemon juice; 3 tablespoons Dijon mustard; 1 tablespoon soy sauce; Chopped fresh parsley | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350°F. Arrange game hens, breast side up, in 13x9x2-inch metal baking pan. Brush hens with butter and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Bake uncovered 25 minutes. Meanwhile, whisk crushed pineapple, maple syrup, lemon juice, mustard and soy sauce in medium saucepan to combine. Baste hens with some of pineapple mixture. Continue roasting until meat thermometer inserted into thickest part of thigh registers 180°F, basting occasionally with more pineapple mixture, about 45 minutes. Transfer roasted game hens to serving platter. Tent with aluminum foil to keep warm. Scrape pan juices  <END>
INPUT: American, strudel, soft goat cheese, Juice lemon, salt, pepper, basil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Crab and Goat Cheese Strudel | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup soft fresh goat cheese, at room temperature; Juice of 1/2 lemon; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh basil; 1/2 pound phyllo pastry, thawed; 1/3 cup unsalted butter, melted; 1/2 pound shredded crab meat, picked over and shredded; 4 1/2-inch thick slices of a large red onion, grilled until charred and softened; 12 asparagus stalks, bottom 2 inches of stalks peeled, blanched for 4 minutes in boiling water and drained; 3 tablespoons fine dry bread crumbs; 4 red bell peppers; Juice of 1/2 lime; 1/4 cup sour cream; 1 teaspoon paprika | INSTRUCTIONS: In a medium mixing bowl combine the goat cheese with the lemon juice, salt, pepper, and basil; mix together well and set aside. Cut the phyllo pastry in half lengthwise so that you have 2 (5 1/2-inch) wide pieces of dough. Keeping the piles of dough covered with a damp tea towel, lay one sheet of phyllo out on a lightly floured surface, brush it with a little melted butter, and place another sheet on top of it, staggered bu 1/2-inch to the left. Repeat until you have 4 layers of phyllo, staggering each by 1/2-inch, and then repeat the process to make a second identical pile. Spread half the go <END>
INPUT: carpaccio, plums, sugar, water, slivovitz
OUTPUT: TITLE: Plum Carpaccio | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/4 lb firm-ripe black or red plums (about 4), halved lengthwise and pitted; 2/3 cup sugar; 2/3 cup water; 1 (3-inch-long) fresh rosemary sprig; 2 tablespoons slivovitz (plum brandy) or grappa; Special equipment: an adjustable-blade slicer | INSTRUCTIONS: Put slicer in a 13- by 9-inch shallow baking dish. Starting with cut side down, slice each plum into near-paper-thin rounds. Bring sugar, water, and rosemary to a boil in a small saucepan over moderately high heat, stirring until sugar is dissolved. Remove from heat and stir in slivovitz, then pour hot syrup over plums. Let macerate at room temperature, gently stirring occasionally, until plums are translucent and softened, about 2 hours. Divide plums among 6 plates, overlapping slices slightly, then drizzle with some syrup. Put slicer in a 13- by 9-inch shallow baking dish. Starting with cut  <END>
INPUT: french, toast, eggs, milk, cinnamon, salted butter, basic bread
OUTPUT: TITLE: Classic French Toast with Strawberry Syrup | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 large eggs; 1/2 cup whole milk; 1 tablespoon ground cinnamon; 4 tablespoons salted butter; 8 slices basic white bread; Strawberry Syrup for serving, recipe follows; 1 cup sliced strawberries (about 6 large whole); 1/2 cup sugar; 1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Crack the eggs into a blender and add the milk and cinnamon. Blend until the yolks and whites are incorporated. (This step can be accomplished in a shallow dish with a whisk or fork as well.) Pour the mixture into a shallow dish or wide-bottom bowl. Heat a large nonstick skillet or griddle over medium heat. Add 2 tablespoons of the butter and swirl it around the pan; when melted, place 1 piece of bread in the egg mixture to soak in for about 10 seconds. Turn over and let soak on other side. This is a quick process don't let bread soak too long as it will get too  <END>
INPUT: canapes, pumpernickel bread, unsalted butter, carrot, lemon juice, vegetable oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Smoked Mackerel Canapes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 slices of pumpernickel bread; 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened; 2/3 cup finely grated carrot; 2 teaspoons fresh lemon juice; 2 teaspoons vegetable oil; 1 small smoked peppered mackerel fillet; 36 thin diagonal slices of scallion green | INSTRUCTIONS: Spread the bread with the butter and with a 2-inch scalloped cutter cut it into 12 rounds. In a small bowl combine well the carrot, the lemon juice, the oil, and salt and pepper to taste, divide the mixture among the bread rounds, and on it arrange decoratively the mackerel and the scallion green. The canapés may be made 30 minutes in advance and kept covered and chilled. Arrange the canapés on a platter. Spread the bread with the butter and with a 2-inch scalloped cutter cut it into 12 rounds. In a small bowl combine well the carrot, the lemon juice, the oil, and salt and pepper to taste, div <END>
INPUT: tian, virgin olive oil, eggplant, Kosher salt, onions, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tomato and Eggplant Tian | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 to 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1 small eggplant, sliced 1/4-inch thick; Kosher salt; 2 small onions, sliced into 1/4-inch thick rounds; 1 clove garlic; 2 small tomatoes, sliced into 1/4-inch thick rounds; 1/4 cup shredded Parmesan | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Position the oven rack in the center of the oven. Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. In a large saute pan, heat 1 tablespoon oil over medium-high heat. Add the eggplant slices, season with salt and cook until golden on both sides. Remove to a plate and repeat with the onion slices. Rub a small baking dish with the garlic clove. Layer the eggplant, onions, and tomato slices in rows in the baking dish. Drizzle a little more olive oil on top. Cover the baking dish with aluminum foil and bake until heated through and the tomatoes are soft but still hold their shape,  <END>
INPUT: Chinese long beans, sambal, sesame oil, Salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spicy Chinese Long Beans | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 cups Chinese long beans, cut into 3-inch pieces; 1 tablespoon sambal; 1/2 tablespoon sesame oil; Salt and black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Deep fry long beans until they are wrinkled. Transfer to a stainless bowl and toss with sambal and sesame oil. Check for seasoning.; <END>
INPUT: American, peppermint, bark, round starlight mints, roll, vanilla baking chips, vegetable oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate Chip and Peppermint Cookie Bark | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 12 round starlight mints; 1 roll (18 oz) Pillsbury® refrigerated chocolate chip cookies; 3/4 cup white vanilla baking chips; 2 teaspoons vegetable oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat oven to 350 degrees F. In resealable food-storage plastic bag, place mints. With rolling pin or flat side of meat mallet, coarsely crush mints. In ungreased 15x10x1-inch pan, break up cookie dough. In fine strainer and over dough, pour crushed mints; shake lightly so tiny pieces fall onto dough (reserve larger pieces of mints for garnish). With hands, knead tiny pieces of mints into dough; press dough in bottom of pan. Bake 14 to 16 minutes or until golden brown. Cool completely, about 10 minutes. In small microwavable bowl, microwave vanilla baking chips and oil on High 30 to 60 seconds, <END>
INPUT: simmered, seedless oranges, brewed cinnamon other, cinnamon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Oranges Simmered in Red Wine | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 seedless oranges; 1 bottle (750 ml) light-bodied red wine (recommended: Beaujolais or a young Chianti); 2 cups brewed cinnamon or other spiced tea; 2 cinnamon sticks; 4 whole cloves; 2 star anise pods; 6 black peppercorns; 1/4 cup honey; 1/4 cup light brown sugar, packed; 4 fresh mint leaves, julienned | INSTRUCTIONS: Cut a slice off the top and bottom of each orange to expose the flesh. Cutting from top to bottom, following the contours of the orange, completely remove the peel and white pith. Discard the peel and set the oranges aside. In a saucepan, combine all of the remaining ingredients except the mint leaves. Heat to a simmer. Add the whole peeled oranges and simmer, uncovered, 10 minutes, turning the oranges every 2 minutes. Remove from the heat and set aside to cool to room temperature in the liquid, turning occasionally. Chill. To serve, cut each orange crosswise into 1/2-inch-thick slices. Spread <END>
INPUT: rolls, virgin olive oil, lemon juice, lemon peel, prosciutto, soft goat cheese
OUTPUT: TITLE: Prosciutto Rolls with Arugula and Figs | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 4 teaspoons grated lemon peel; 12 thin slices prosciutto (not paper-thin); 6 ounces soft fresh goat cheese (such as Montrachet), room temperature; 16 dried black Mission figs, quartered; 4 large bunches arugula, stems trimmed | INSTRUCTIONS: Whisk oil, lemon juice and peel in medium bowl to blend. Lay prosciutto on work surface, spacing slices 2 inches apart. Spread cheese evenly over prosciutto. Arrange figs over cheese, dividing and spacing evenly. Drizzle lemon mixture over. Sprinkle with pepper. Arrange 6 arugula leaves atop each prosciutto slice, alternating stems and tops and allowing tops to extend 1 inch over long sides of prosciutto. Starting at 1 short end of each prosciutto slice, tightly roll up as for jelly roll. Cut rolls crosswise in half. Transfer to platter. (Can be made 2 hours ahead. Cover with damp paper towels <END>
INPUT: lacquered, mango chutney, apple juice water, mustard, cider vinegar, bacon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lacquered Bacon | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/3 cup mango chutney, any large chunks chopped; 1/4 cup apple juice or 3 tablespoons water with 1 tablespoon light or dark brown sugar; 2 tablespoons yellow or brown mustard; 1 tablespoon white or cider vinegar; 12 thick slices bacon (about 3/4 pound) | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Stir the chutney, juice, mustard, and vinegar together in a small bowl. Arrange the bacon in a single layer on a baking sheet. Bake the bacon until it begins to look opaque and the fat begins to render, 10 to 12 minutes. Pour off any accumulated drippings. Turn over the bacon and brush about 1/2 of the glaze on the bacon. Return the bacon to the oven and cook for 3 to 4 minutes longer. Remove the bacon from the oven and turn it over again. Brush it with the remaining glaze and return it to the oven for 3 to 5 minutes, until well browned and firm. (With the glaze  <END>
INPUT: garlic, honey, virgin olive oil, salted butter, pine nuts
OUTPUT: TITLE: Swiss Chard with Honey-Roasted Garlic | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 heads garlic; 2 teaspoons honey; 1 teaspoon plus 1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil; 3 tablespoons salted butter; 2 tablespoons pine nuts; 2 bunches (almost 2 pounds) Swiss chard, stripped of stems and cut into 1-inch pieces (10 cups); Fine sea salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Cut the top 1/2 inch off each head of garlic, exposing the cloves. Set the garlic in the center of a square of heavy aluminum foil. Pour 1 teaspoon of the honey and 1 teaspoon of the olive oil over the garlic, replace the tops, and fold up the sides of the foil to make a package, crimping the top tight. Bake until very tender and golden, 40 to 45 minutes. Transfer the baked garlic to a bowl, including all the juices in the foil pouch. When cool enough to handle, remove the garlic heads and carefully pop out the garlic cloves by pushing up from the bottom; try <END>
INPUT: all purpose flour, unsweetened cocoa powder, sugar, baking powder, kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate Hazelnut Fritters | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/4 cups all-purpose flour; 1/2 cup unsweetened cocoa powder; 1/2 cup sugar; 1/4 teaspoon baking powder; 1/4 teaspoon kosher salt; 1/2 cup club soda; 1/4 cup vegetable oil, plus 6 to 8 cups for frying; 1 large egg, lightly beaten; 2 ounces bittersweet chocolate, finely chopped*; 1/2 cup whole hazelnuts, toasted lightly and skinned (about 4 ounces); Accompaniments: Chile or cayenne powder, confectioners' sugar, ground cinnamon, and/or unsweetened cocoa powder; *If you keep kosher and are serving these fritters with a meat meal, be sure to use kosher dark chocolate, which contains no milk solids | INSTRUCTIONS: In large bowl, whisk together flour, cocoa, sugar, baking powder, and salt. In medium bowl, whisk together club soda, vegetable oil, and egg. Whisk wet ingredients into dry, then fold in chocolate and nuts. In heavy 4-quart pot, heat 3 inches of oil until thermometer registers 350°F. Working in batches of 4 and returning oil to 350°F between batches, drop batter by rounded tablespoons into hot oil and fry fritters until crisp, 3 to 4 minutes. Transfer to paper towels to drain. Serve immediately, offering chile powder, confectioners' sugar, cinnamon, and/or cocoa for dusting. In large bowl, whi <END>
INPUT: spiced, blood, olive oil, lamb shanks, kosher salt, pepper, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spiced Lamb Shanks with Blood Orange Relish | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons olive oil; 4 lamb shanks, about 1 1/2 pounds each; 1 1/2 teaspoons kosher salt, plus more as needed; Freshly ground black pepper; 4 cloves garlic, smashed and peeled; 3 ribs celery, cut into 2 1/2-inch pieces; 2 large carrots, cut into thirds; 1 large onion, cut into large wedges; 1 orange; 1 cup dry red wine; 1/2 cup currants; 4 sprigs fresh flat-leaf parsley, leaves picked for relish (see below), stems reserved; 3 sprigs fresh thyme; 2 bay leaves; 6 whole cloves | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees. Heat a large Dutch oven (preferably oval) or soup pot with a lid, over high heat. Add half the olive oil and heat. Pat the lamb shanks dry with paper towels and season generously with salt and pepper. Add 2 of the lamb shanks to the hot oil and brown on all sides, about 4 to 5 minutes per side. Transfer shanks to a plate. Repeat with the remaining olive oil and shanks. Add the garlic, celery, carrots and onions and to the pot, and cook, stirring occasionally, until browned, about 8 minutes. Meanwhile, use a vegetable peeler to strip the zest (just the orange sk <END>
INPUT: Indian, tagine, olive oil, chicken breast, onions, carrots
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken Tagine | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons olive oil; 1 1/2 pounds skinless boneless chicken breast, cut into strips, and patted dry; 1 1/2 cups sliced onions; 1 1/2 cups coarsely chopped (about 1-inch pieces) green bell pepper; 1 1/2 cups thickly sliced carrots; 1 1/2 cups thickly sliced celery; 3 cloves garlic, peeled and left whole; Salt and freshly ground pepper to taste; 2 teaspoons ground cumin; 1/2 teaspoon ground coriander; 3 bay leaves; 2 cups cubed (about 1-inch pieces) firm, ripe plum or other tomatoes; 2 cups cauliflower florets; 6 cups water; 1 chicken bouillon cube | INSTRUCTIONS: In a casserole set over moderately high heat, warm 1 tablespoon of the oil until hot. Add the chicken and cook, stirring, until no longer pink. With a slotted spoon transfer to a plate. Add the remaining oil to the casserole, the onions, pepper, carrots, celery, garlic, salt, pepper, cumin, coriander, and bay leaves, and cook the mixture over moderate heat, covered, stirring occasionally, for 5 minutes. Add the tomatoes and cauliflower and cook, stirring, 3 minutes more. Add the water, bouillon cube, and lemon slices, bring to a boil, and simmer, covered, 5 minutes, or until vegetables are jus <END>
INPUT: pilaf, natural wild rice, Fine sea salt, basmati rice, salted butter, celery
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chestnut and Wild Rice Pilaf | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup natural wild rice; Fine sea salt; 1 cup basmati rice; 7 tablespoons salted butter; 2 cups diced celery (from 5 stalks); 2 cups diced sweet onion (from 1 large); 3 cloves garlic, minced; 2 teaspoons minced fresh thyme; 1/2 cup shelled salted pistachios, crushed; 8 ounces fresh chestnuts, roasted, peeled and roughly chopped; 2 tablespoons minced fresh parsley | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Put the wild rice in a fine-mesh sieve and rinse it under cold running water, swishing the rice with your hands until the water runs clear. Transfer the rice to a medium bowl and add water to cover. Pour off any black bits or floating kernels, and then pour the rice back into the sieve to drain. Cook the rices separately: Combine the wild rice with 1/4 teaspoon salt and 1 cup water in a small saucepan. Bring to a simmer, cover tightly, reduce the heat to low and steam until the rice is tender and curling into a C shape, 20 to 25 minutes. At the same time, combine <END>
INPUT: links, feet sausage casings, Apple cider vinegar, pork butt, granulated garlic, sage
OUTPUT: TITLE: Smoked Hot Links | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 9 feet sausage casings (optional); Apple cider vinegar (optional); 5 pounds pork butt, coarsely ground twice or medium once; 2 tablespoons granulated garlic; 1 to 2 tablespoons rubbed sage; 1 tablespoon dried parsley; 1 tablespoon sea salt; 2 teaspoons fennel seeds, cracked; 1 teaspoon dried oregano leaves; 1 teaspoon dried thyme leaves; 1 teaspoon black pepper; 1/2 to 1 teaspoon cayenne; 1 cup ice water, if needed; Barbecue sauce; Hot sauce (such as Louisiana Hot Sauce or Texas Pete) | INSTRUCTIONS: If you're using sausage casings, the day before you plan to stuff the sausage, rinse the casings under cold water inside and out. Prepare a solution of 1 cup water to 1 capful of cider vinegar. Soak the casings in the solution overnight. In a large bowl, mix the pork with the garlic, sage, parsley, salt, fennel, oregano, thyme, pepper, and cayenne. Stir. If using casings, mix in the ice water if the meat mixture is too dry to stuff into the casings. Stuff the sausage mixture into the casings or make into loaves, sticks, or patties. If you're making sticks, links, or logs, it helps to use plast <END>
INPUT: panfried, jumbo quail, all purpose flour, salt, pepper, cayenne
OUTPUT: TITLE: Panfried Quail and Creamed Corn with Bacon | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 whole jumbo quail (6 to 8 ounces each); 1 cup all-purpose flour; 1 1/2 tablespoons salt; 2 teaspoons freshly ground black pepper; 1 teaspoon cayenne (optional); 1/2 cup milk; about 2 1/2 cups corn or canola oil for frying; lemon wedges; creamed corn with bacon | INSTRUCTIONS: With poultry shears or a sharp knife cut off necks, feet, and first 2 wing joints of each quail and discard. Cut out and discard backbones. Halve each quail lengthwise through breast and cut off legs. In a shallow bowl stir together flour, salt, black pepper, and cayenne. Pour milk into another shallow bowl. In a 12-inch heavy skillet heat 1/2 inch oil over moderate heat until a deep-fat thermometer registers 360°F. While oil is heating, working with 1 quail piece at a time dip half of pieces in milk, letting excess drip off, and dredge in flour mixture, shaking off excess. Arrange floured pie <END>
INPUT: Italian, penne, pasta, paprika, chili powder, cayenne, cumin, celery salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spicy Turkey Tenders with Blue Cheese Penne Pasta | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon paprika; 1 teaspoon chili powder; 1 teaspoon cayenne; 1 teaspoon ground cumin; 2 teaspoons celery salt; 1 teaspoon freshly cracked black pepper; 2 pounds turkey tenders, cut into 2-inch pieces; 3 tablespoons butter; 4 tablespoons canola oil; 8 tablespoons all-purpose flour; 3 cups skim milk; 3/4 cup plus 4 tablespoons blue cheese, divided; 1 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg; 1 cup hot sauce, warmed (recommended: Franks); 2 tablespoons sea salt | INSTRUCTIONS: For the dry rub: In a small bowl, mix together the dry spices and season turkey tenders. Cover with plastic wrap and place into refrigerator for 1 hour. For the bechamel: In a large saute pot over medium heat, add butter and oil. Warm until the butter melts then whisk in flour, until mixture is smooth. Slowly add skim milk with whisk, breaking down solids. When all the milk is added, slightly simmer for 10 minutes and then whisk in 3/4 cup blue cheese and nutmeg. Hold warm. Preheat grill or cast iron skillet to high. Add turkey tender pieces and cook until the internal temperature reaches 165  <END>
INPUT: Italian prune plums, sugar, Gnocci, salted water
OUTPUT: TITLE: Plum Gnocci | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 24 small Italian prune plums or 6 red or purple plums (or 2 cups chunky apricot or cherry jam); 3/4 cup sugar; 1 recipe Gnocci, recipe follows; 6 quarts salted water; 6 tablespoons (3/4 stick) unsalted butter; 2 cups coarse plain dry bread crumbs; 2 teaspoons ground cinnamon; 3 large baking potatoes, like Idahos (about 1 3/4 pounds) scrubbed; 1 large egg; 1 teaspoon salt; Pinch of freshly grated nutmeg; 2 cups unbleached all-purpose flour, or as needed | INSTRUCTIONS: If using Italian prune plums, halve them lengthwise and remove the pits. Fill each cavity with 1/2 teaspoon of the sugar and re-form the plums by pressing the halves together. If using larger plums, halve them crosswise, separate the halves neatly, and remove the pits with a small melon baller. Cut them into 1/2-inch dice. In a small sugar bowl, toss the diced plums with 1/4 cup of the sugar. While you prepare the gnocchi dough, bring the water to a boil in a large pot over high heat. Flour your hands, the dough, and the work surface. Roll the dough under your palms to form a cylinder 2 inches <END>
INPUT: brittle, vanilla beans, unsalted peanuts, scant granulated sugar, corn syrup, unsalted butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Peanut Brittle | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 vanilla beans; 3 1/4 cups or 500 grams unsalted toasted peanuts; 1 scant cup or 200 grams granulated sugar; 1/4 cup plus 1 tablespoon or 100 grams corn syrup; 1 1/4 cup or 300 grams unsalted butter, cubed; 1/4 cup or 80 grams honey; 2 teaspoons or 6 grams salt; 32 ounces bittersweet chocolate, tempered; How to Make a Cornet, method follows | INSTRUCTIONS: Optional chocolate decoration: Split vanilla beans lengthwise and scrape seeds into a large heavy-bottomed saucepan, along with scraped out pods. Place remaining ingredients in saucepan and place over high heat. Cook to a caramel color while continuously stirring with a wooden spoon. The mixture will become very thick. Pull out the vanilla beans and set aside. Lightly spray the work surface with vegetable cooking spray. If you would like to use metal rulers so the brittle will be rolled to an even thickness, set them into place now. Immediately pour the mixture onto the marble or granite slab  <END>
INPUT: rillettes, olive oil, salmon, butter, creme fraiche, shallot
OUTPUT: TITLE: Salmon Rillettes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon olive oil; 6 ounces/170 g salmon, cut into large cubes; 1/3 cup/70 g butter, softened; 1 tablespoon creme fraiche; 1 tablespoon chopped shallot; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh tarragon; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 lemon, juiced | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat the oil in a saute pan and gently cook the salmon, leaving the pieces slightly pink in the center, about 5 minutes. Cool. In a food processor or using two forks, shred the salmon and mix with the butter. Add the creme fraiche, shallot and tarragon. Season the mixture with salt, pepper and lemon juice. Pack into ramekins or similar small pots. Keep in the refrigerator, but before serving, take it out to soften because you want it nice and smearable. <END>
INPUT: American, southern, eggs, cayenne pepper, ham, muenster cheese, virgin olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Southern Ham-And-Cheese Pie | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 10 large eggs; Pinch of cayenne pepper; 3 ounces ham, chopped; 6 ounces muenster cheese, grated; 4 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 3 bunches scallions, cut into 2-inch pieces; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 large tomato, cut into wedges; 1 teaspoon white wine vinegar; 1 tablespoon sugar; 4 ounces mesclun greens (about 4 cups); 1/2 head escarole, torn, or 1 bunch dandelion greens, trimmed | INSTRUCTIONS: Position a rack in the center of the oven and preheat the broiler. Whisk the eggs, 2 tablespoons water and the cayenne in a large bowl. Fold in the ham and half of the cheese. Heat 1 tablespoon olive oil in an ovenproof 6-to-8-inch nonstick skillet over medium-high heat, swirling to coat the pan. Add the scallions, 1/4 teaspoon salt, and black pepper to taste; cook until soft, 4 to 5 minutes. Reduce the heat to medium low, pour in the egg mixture and stir gently with a rubber spatula to distribute the fillings. Cook until the bottom is just set, about 4 minutes. Sprinkle the remaining cheese o <END>
INPUT: Mexican, salad, walnuts, very coarse, walnut halves, crisp apples, scallions, flat leaf parsley
OUTPUT: TITLE: Apple Salad with Walnuts and Lime | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup very coarse, fresh breadcrumbs; 1/2 cup walnut halves; 2 crisp apples (such as Pink Lady or Honeycrisp), thinly sliced; 4 scallions, thinly sliced; 1/4 cup fresh flat-leaf parsley leaves; 1/4 cup fresh lime juice; 1/2 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes; Kosher salt, freshly ground pepper; 1/2 cup grated provolone cheese or white cheddar; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350°F. Spread out breadcrumbs on a small rimmed baking sheet; toast, stirring occasionally, until golden brown, 6-8 minutes. Let cool. Meanwhile, spread out walnuts on a small rimmed baking sheet; toast, stirring occasionally, until golden brown, 8-10 minutes. Let cool; coarsely chop. Toss breadcrumbs, walnuts, apples, scallions, parsley, lime juice, and red pepper flakes in a large bowl; season with salt and pepper. Add cheese and oil; toss gently. Preheat oven to 350°F. Spread out breadcrumbs on a small rimmed baking sheet; toast, stirring occasionally, until golden brown, 6- <END>
INPUT: sauce, butter, flour, milk, horseradish, Dijon mustard
OUTPUT: TITLE: Horseradish Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons butter; 2 tablespoons flour; 1 cup milk; 2 to 3 tablespoons white horseradish; 1/2 teaspoon Dijon mustard; 1 tablespoon white wine vinegar; 2 to 4 tablespoons sour cream, optional; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 3 tablespoons butter; 2 tablespoons flour; 1 cup milk; 2 to 3 tablespoons white horseradish; 1/2 teaspoon Dijon mustard; 1 tablespoon white wine vinegar; 2 to 4 tablespoons sour cream, optional | INSTRUCTIONS: In a small saucepan, melt butter. When foaming subsides, stir in flour and cook, stirring continuously for about a minute or two. Whisk in the milk, bring to a boil and simmer for 5 minutes. Add horseradish, mustard and vinegar and remove from heat. Stir in sour cream and season with salt and pepper. In a small saucepan, melt butter. When foaming subsides, stir in flour and cook, stirring continuously for about a minute or two. Whisk in the milk, bring to a boil and simmer for 5 minutes. Add horseradish, mustard and vinegar and remove from heat. Stir in sour cream and season with salt and pepp <END>
INPUT: greek, shrimp, plain yogurt, lemon juice, cucumber, onion, dill leaves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Greek Shrimp Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup plain yogurt; 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 2 tablespoons cucumber, peeled, seeded, and finely diced; 1 tablespoon minced red onion; 1 tablespoon minced fresh dill leaves; 1 teaspoon minced garlic; Pinch cayenne pepper; Kosher salt; Freshly ground black pepper; 1 romaine heart, torn into bite-size pieces; 4 cups mixed baby lettuces, washed and dried; 1/2 cup each red and yellow bell peppers, cored, seeded, trimmed, and cut into 1-inch cubes; 1/2 cup Caramelized Onions (recipe follows); 1/2 cup Kalamata olives, pitted; 1 small cucumber, peeled, seeded, quartered, cut into 1/2-inch slices | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. In a medium bowl, whisk together the first 6 ingredients until well blended. Season with cayenne, salt, and pepper to taste. Refrigerate in a covered container. When ready to use, whisk again. In a large mixing bowl, combine the romaine, baby lettuces, bell peppers, onions, olives, cucumber, tomatoes, cheeses, and Greek Salad Dressing. Toss until blended. Season with salt and pepper. Divide and mound onto 4 chilled salad plates. In a medium bowl, toss together the shrimp and Shrimp Dressing. Arrange 8 shrimp halves over and around salad mound. Top with pine nuts  <END>
INPUT: Asian, hummus, garlic, long piece ginger, garbanzo beans, cashew butter, unseasoned rice vinegar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Ginger-Garlic Hummus | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1 garlic clove, peeled; 1 1-inch-long piece peeled fresh ginger; 2 cups garbanzo beans (chickpeas; from two 15-ounce cans), drained, 3 tablespoons liquid reserved; 1/4 cup cashew butter; 3 tablespoons unseasoned rice vinegar; 1 1/2 teaspoons soy sauce; 1/2 teaspoon chili-garlic sauce*; 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground star anise; 1/4 cup chopped fresh cilantro; 1 green onion, chopped; 2 whole star anise (optional) | INSTRUCTIONS: Using on/off turns, mince garlic and ginger in processor. Add beans, reserved bean liquid, cashew butter, rice vinegar, soy sauce, chili-garlic sauce, and ground star anise. Process mixture to coarse puree. Add cilantro and green onion; process to combine. Transfer to bowl; garnish with whole star anise, if desired. Using on/off turns, mince garlic and ginger in processor. Add beans, reserved bean liquid, cashew butter, rice vinegar, soy sauce, chili-garlic sauce, and ground star anise. Process mixture to coarse puree. Add cilantro and green onion; process to combine. Transfer to bowl; garnish <END>
INPUT: Asian, rings, dipping, Vegetable oil, mayonnaise, rice wine vinegar, sugar, togarashi powder
OUTPUT: TITLE: Togarashi Onion Rings with Wasabi Dipping Sauce | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: Vegetable oil, for frying; 1 cup mayonnaise; 1/4 cup rice wine vinegar; 2 teaspoons sugar; 2 teaspoons togarashi powder, plus more for sprinkling; 1 teaspoon wasabi paste; 1/4 cup pickled ginger, julienned; 2 yellow onions; 2 cups buttermilk; 4 cups panko breadcrumbs; 2 cups all-purpose flour; 1/4 cup black sesame seeds; 4 teaspoons cayenne; 4 teaspoons garlic powder; 4 teaspoons onion powder | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: a deep-fry thermometer Heat 3 inches of oil in a medium Dutch oven until the oil reaches 365 degrees F. Whisk together the mayonnaise, vinegar, sugar, togarashi and wasabi in a small bowl. Top with the pickled ginger. Refrigerate until ready to serve. Peel the onions and cut them crosswise into 1/2-inch-thick slices. Separate the slices in rings. Set up a dredging station with two shallow dishes. Pour the buttermilk into the first dish. In the second dish, whisk together the panko, flour, sesame seeds, cayenne, garlic powder, onion powder and salt. Dip each onion ring in the <END>
INPUT: Mexican, salsa, olive oil, shallots, garlic, shrimp, Juice from lemon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Red Snapper with Mango Shrimp Salsa | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons olive oil; 3 shallots, minced; 1 clove garlic, minced; 1 cup diced raw shrimp, peeled and deveined; Juice from 1/2 lemon; Juice from 1/2 lime; Juice from 1/2 orange; 3 serrano chilies, seeded and diced; 3 Italian Roma tomatoes, seeded and diced; 3 tomatillos, husks removed, seeded, and diced; 1 small mango, peeled and diced; 1/2 bunch cilantro leaves, chopped; Sea salt, to taste; Freshly ground black pepper, to taste; 4 red snapper filets, about 6 to 8 ounces each | INSTRUCTIONS: Prepare the grill to make a hot fire. To prepare the Mango Shrimp Salsa, heat the 2 tablespoons of oil in a medium skillet, over medium heat. Add the shallots and garlic. Saute 2 to 3 minutes, then add the shrimp. Saute 2 to 3 minutes more, or until the shrimp turns pink. Add the fruit juices, chilies, tomatoes, and tomatillos. Cook just long enough to warm the tomatoes and combine the ingredients. Remove from heat and gently stir in the mango and cilantro. Season with the salt and pepper. Set aside. Coat the fish with the 2 teaspoons of oil on both sides. Season with salt and pepper. (Rub the <END>
INPUT: citrus, terrine, grapefruits, grapefruit, navel oranges, tangerines, tablespooncandied grapefruit unflavored
OUTPUT: TITLE: Citrus Terrine with Candied Grapefruit Strips | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 large red grapefruits; 1 large white grapefruit; 2 navel oranges; 2 tangerines; 1 tablespooncandied grapefruit strips 4 teaspoons unflavored gelatin (less than 2 envelopes); 1/2 cup plus 3 tablespoons cold water; 1 1/4 cups Orange Muscat such as Essensia; 1/2 cup sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: With a sharp knife cut peel from fruits, including all white pith, and cut sections free from membranes. Chop candied grapefruit strips. Arrange fruit sections and candied grapefruit decoratively in a 1-quart nonreactive terrine or loaf pan. In a cup sprinkle gelatin over 3 tablespoons cold water and let stand about 1 minute to soften. In a small saucepan bring Muscat and sugar to a boil, stirring until sugar is dissolved, and boil 2 minutes. Remove pan from heat and stir in gelatin mixture until dissolved. Stir in remaining ‚ cup water and transfer mixture to a bowl set in a larger bowl of ic <END>
INPUT: Indian, tikka, garam masala, kosher salt, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lamb Tikka Masala | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons garam masala, divided, recipe follows; 2 teaspoons kosher salt, divided; 1/2 teaspoon toasted, ground cumin; 1/2 teaspoon toasted, ground coriander; 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 1 1/2 pounds lamb leg sirloin, trimmed and cut into 1-inch cubes; 1 cup plain whole milk yogurt; 1/4 cup vegetable oil; 1 large onion, chopped; 4 cloves garlic, minced; 1 tablespoon grated fresh ginger; 1 medium serrano chile, seeded and minced; 1 (28-ounce) can diced tomatoes; 1 cup coconut milk; Fresh mint or cilantro leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Special Equipment: Chimney starter, newspaper, vegetable oil, 4 pounds natural lump charcoal, and metal skewers Combine 1 tablespoon of the garam masala, 1 teaspoon of the salt, cumin, coriander, and pepper in a 1-gallon resealable bag. Seal and shake the bag to combine. Add the lamb and shake to coat. Add the yogurt to the bag, seal and squish to coat. Refrigerate the bag in a leak proof container for 30 minutes and up to 1 hour. Spritz 4 to 5 pieces of newspaper with vegetable oil and put in the bottom of a charcoal chimney starter. Fill the chimney with half o <END>
INPUT: Asian, lemons, sugar, water, piece ginger, ice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lemon Ginger Ice in Lemon Cups | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 8 medium to large lemons; 1 1/2 cups sugar; 2 cups water; 2-inch piece fresh ginger, peeled and sliced; Crushed ice; 1 lemon, zest finely grated; Fresh mint leaves, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: To make the lemon cups: Trim a very thin slice off of the lemon bottoms so they'll sit sturdy when standing up. Cut off the top 1/3 of the lemon and reserve to cap the cups. Carefully hollow out each lemon with a teaspoon, turning and digging into the pith so the entire inside of the fruit comes out, take care to leave the lemon shell intact. Chop and mash the lemon pulp and strain into a blender. (You should have about 1 cup of fresh lemon juice, reserve it for the filling.) Freeze the lemon cups in egg cartons, with their lids, at least 1 hour or up to overnight. The frozen shell will preven <END>
INPUT: crumpets, all purpose flour, sugar, fine salt, milk, active yeast
OUTPUT: TITLE: Butter Pecan Crumpets | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cups all-purpose flour; 1 teaspoon sugar, plus extra for sprinkling; 1/4 teaspoon fine salt; 1/2 cup milk, warmed to about 100 degrees F; 1 teaspoon active dry yeast; 1/4 teaspoon baking soda; Coconut oil cooking spray, for spraying the skillet and molds; 1/2 cup pecans, chopped; Apricot jam, for serving; Unsalted butter, for serving | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Special equipment: an instant-read thermometer and four 3-by-1-inch ring molds In a large bowl, whisk together the flour, sugar and salt to combine. Combine the milk and 1/2 cup warm water (about 100 degrees F) in a bowl and sprinkle with the yeast. Once the yeast starts to bubble, after 3 to 5 minutes, pour the liquid into the dry ingredients and stir with a wooden spoon to combine. The batter will be thick. Cover the bowl with plastic wrap and let it rise in a warm place for 30 minutes. The mixture will rise slightly and some bubbles will form on top. Stir the  <END>
INPUT: Italian, ravioli, pesto, ricotta, hazelnuts, nutmeg, lemon, Kosher salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Ricotta Ravioli with Spinach Pesto | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups fresh ricotta; 1 cup toasted hazelnuts, chopped, divided; 1/2 teaspoon nutmeg; 1 lemon, zested and juiced; Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper; 1 (12 ounce) package wonton wrappers; 1 egg white, lightly beaten; 4 cups spinach, loosely packed; 1 clove garlic; 1/2 cup grated parmesan cheese; 1/2 cup olive oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Special equipment: Food processor In a small bowl, mix together ricotta, 1/4 cup hazelnuts, nutmeg, lemon zest, and salt and pepper to taste. Lay several wonton wrappers on a work surface. Scoop a generous tablespoon of the ricotta filling into the center of each wrapper, and brush outside edges with egg white. Lay another wonton wrapper on top of each, and press firmly with fingertips to press out air and seal ravioli. Transfer ravioli to a parchment-lined baking sheet. Repeat with remaining wonton wrappers and filling, making 18 to 20 ravioli total. Cover bakin <END>
INPUT: potlikker, vegetable oil, smoked ham hock, onion, garlic, bay leaves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Potlikker Noodles with Mustard Greens | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon vegetable oil; 1 10-12-ounce smoked ham hock or smoked turkey wing; 1/2 onion, coarsely chopped; 8 garlic cloves, lightly crushed; 2 bay leaves; 1/4 cup red wine vinegar; 2 tablespoons hot pepper sauce (preferably Texas Pete or Frank's); 2 tablespoons sugar; 5 cups low-salt chicken broth or water; 2 bunches mustard greens or kale, tough stems trimmed, chopped, and reserved, leaves chopped; 3/4 pound egg noodles; Kosher salt; 6 slices bacon (about 7 ounces), cut crosswise into 1/4"-wide pieces; 2 large shallots, thinly sliced; Freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat oil in a large saucepan over medium-high heat. Add ham hock and cook, turning occasionally, until browned, about 8 minutes. Reduce heat to medium. Add onion, garlic, and bay leaves; cook, stirring occasionally, until onion is beginning to brown, about 5 minutes. Add vinegar and stir, scraping up any browned bits. Stir in hot sauce and sugar. Add broth and reserved mustard green stems and bring to a boil. Reduce heat and simmer until liquid is reduced to 2 cups, 1-2 hours. Set a sieve over a large bowl or measuring cup. Strain potlikker into bowl. Pick and reserve the meat from the ham hoc <END>
INPUT: kale, bacon, garlic, water
OUTPUT: TITLE: Kale with Garlic and Bacon | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 1/2 pounds kale (about 4 bunches), tough stems and center ribs cut off and discarded; 10 bacon slices (1/2 pounds), cut into 1/2-inch pieces; 4 garlic cloves, finely chopped; 2 cups water | INSTRUCTIONS: Stack a few kale leaves and roll lengthwise into a cigar shape. Cut crosswise into 1/4-inch-wide strips with a sharp knife. Repeat with remaining leaves. Cook bacon in a wide 6- to 8-quart heavy pot over moderate heat, stirring occasionally, until crisp, then transfer with a slotted spoon to paper towels to drain. Pour off and discard all but 3 tablespoons fat from pot, then cook garlic in remaining fat over moderately low heat, stirring, until pale golden, about 30 seconds. Add kale (pot will be full) and cook, turning with tongs, until wilted and bright green, about 1 minute. Add water and s <END>
INPUT: Asian, stir, shrimp, Kosher salt, cornstarch, blood oranges, rice vinegar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Blood Orange-Shrimp Stir-Fry | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 pounds large shrimp, peeled and deveined; Kosher salt; 1 tablespoon cornstarch; 5 blood oranges; 3 tablespoons rice vinegar; 3 tablespoons honey; 3 tablespoons ketchup; 1 teaspoon toasted sesame oil; 8 ounces snow peas, trimmed; 3 tablespoons vegetable oil; 1/3 cup dried chiles de arbol (about 24) or other small dried chiles; 3 cloves garlic, minced; 1 tablespoon minced peeled ginger; 4 scallions, cut into 1- to 2-inch pieces; 1 tablespoon sesame seeds | INSTRUCTIONS: Season the shrimp with 1/2 teaspoon salt in a large bowl. Add the cornstarch and toss to coat; set aside. Juice 3 blood oranges into a small bowl; add the vinegar, honey, ketchup, sesame oil and 1/2 teaspoon salt and whisk to combine. Quarter the remaining 2 oranges and thinly slice; set aside. Fill a large bowl with ice water and set aside. Bring a medium pot of salted water to a boil. Add the snow peas and cook until crisp-tender, about 1 minute. Drain and immediately transfer to the ice bath; let sit until cool, then drain and pat dry. Heat a large nonstick skillet or wok over high heat; ad <END>
INPUT: pudding, agave nectar light, cornstarch, salt, fat free evaporated, egg whites
OUTPUT: TITLE: Low-Fat Chocolate Pudding | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/3 cup agave nectar or packed light brown sugar; 2 tablespoons cornstarch; Pinch of salt; 2 12-ounce cans fat-free evaporated milk; 2 large egg whites, lightly beaten; 1 tablespoon plus 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; 2 tablespoons white chocolate chips; 1/4 cup unsweetened cocoa powder; 2 tablespoons semisweet chocolate chips, plus more for topping | INSTRUCTIONS: Whisk the agave nectar, cornstarch and salt in a heavy-bottomed pot. Whisk in the evaporated milk and egg whites until well combined. Cook over medium-low heat, whisking constantly, until the mixture bubbles and thickens, about 10 minutes. Remove from the heat; stir in 1 tablespoon vanilla. Transfer 1 cup of the mixture to a medium bowl. Add the white chocolate chips and the remaining 1 teaspoon vanilla and stir until the chips melt. Add the cocoa powder and semisweet chocolate chips to the remaining pudding and stir until the chips melt. Divide the chocolate pudding among dishes and top with  <END>
INPUT: petite, curd, Ingredients basic butter, confectioners sugar dredging, lemon juice, lemon zest, granulated sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Petite Lemon Curd Cookies | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Ingredients for basic butter cookies; 1 1/2 cups confectioners sugar for dredging and dusting; 3/4 cup fresh lemon juice; 1 tablespoon finely grated fresh lemon zest; 3/4 cup granulated sugar; 1 stick (1/2 cup) unsalted butter, cut into bits; 2 tablespoons cornstarch; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 4 large egg yolks; Special equipment: a 1 1/4-inch round cookie cutter; a pastry bag fitted with small plain tip or a heavy-duty sealable plastic bag (not pleated) | INSTRUCTIONS: Prepare cookie dough: Follow recipe for basic butter cookies, forming dough into 2 balls (instead of a log) and flattening each into a 6-inch disk. Chill disks, wrapped in plastic wrap, until firm, at least 1 hour. Follow recipe for basic butter cookies, forming dough into 2 balls (instead of a log) and flattening each into a 6-inch disk. Chill disks, wrapped in plastic wrap, until firm, at least 1 hour. Make lemon curd: Simmer lemon juice, zest, sugar, butter, cornstarch, and salt in a 2-quart heavy saucepan over moderately high heat, whisking constantly, 1 minute. Lightly beat yolks in a sma <END>
INPUT: olive oil, balsamic vinegar, salt, rosemary, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Russet Wedges with Balsamic Vinegar and Rosemary | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup olive oil; 1/2 cup balsamic vinegar; 1 tablespoon salt; 2 teaspoons chopped fresh rosemary; Freshly ground black pepper; 3 large russet potatoes, scrubbed clean and cut into thick wedges; 1/2 cup grated Parmesan | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F. In a large bowl, combine the olive oil, balsamic, salt, rosemary and some pepper. Toss the potato wedges with the mixture and spread them in one layer evenly onto two baking sheets. Roast the potatoes, turning over once, until golden brown and cooked through, about 20 minutes. Sprinkle with the Parmesan and serve immediately. <END>
INPUT: fudgy, brownies, unsalted butter, cocoa powder, bittersweet chocolate, espresso powder, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fudgy Chocolate-Spinach Brownies | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, plus more for greasing the pan; 3 tablespoons cocoa powder, plus more for dusting the pan; 3 ounces bittersweet chocolate, chopped; 2 teaspoons instant espresso powder; 1/2 cup sugar; 1 cup frozen chopped spinach, thawed; 2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract; 2 large eggs, beaten; 3/4 cup all-purpose flour; 1/2 teaspoon baking powder; 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt; 1/2 cup semi-sweet chocolate chips | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Butter an 8-inch square baking pan and dust it with the cocoa powder, tapping out the excess. Fill a medium saucepan 1/3 full of water and bring it to a boil over medium-high heat. Put the butter, chocolate and espresso powder in a heatproof bowl, set it on the saucepan and turn off the heat. Let the bowl stand for about 5 minutes until the chocolate mixture is melted. Stir together until very smooth. Stir in the sugar until dissolved. Remove the bowl from the saucepan; let cool to room temperature. Squeeze any excess moisture from the spinach and put it in a <END>
INPUT: Asian, sticky, star anise, fennel seeds, few Szechuan peppercorns, five spice powder, Kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Five Spice Baked Ribs with a Sticky Honey Sesame Sauce | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1 star anise; 1 teaspoon fennel seeds; A few Szechuan peppercorns; 1 tablespoon five-spice powder; Kosher salt; 2 1/2 pounds pork spare ribs; 3/4 cup soy sauce; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 2 tablespoons honey; 1 to 2 small red chilies, seeded and finely sliced; 1 to 2 cloves garlic, peeled and finely chopped; Zest of 1 lime; 3 tablespoons sesame seeds, optional; 1/2 bunch scallions, chopped; Freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Line a baking sheet or large roasting pan with aluminum foil. Using a mortar and pestle or an electric spice mill, crush the star anise, fennel seeds and Szechuan peppercorns. Stir in the five-spice powder and 2 teaspoons salt. Put the ribs into a bowl and sprinkle over the spice mixture. I like to get my hands in and rub everything in. Place the ribs in one layer on the baking sheet or roasting pan. Put them in the oven and cook for 45 minutes. Meanwhile, make the glaze. In a small pot stir together the soy sauce, olive oil, honey, chilies, garlic, lime zest <END>
INPUT: gina, gravy, onion, roasting chicken, lemon, thyme, rosemary
OUTPUT: TITLE: Gina's Perfect Roast Chicken with Gravy | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 medium onion, peeled and sliced 1/2-inch thick; One 5-pound roasting chicken, rinsed, dried and giblets removed; 2 lemon slices; 1 sprig fresh thyme, chopped; 1 sprig fresh rosemary, chopped; 1 sprig fresh sage, chopped; 3 large cloves garlic, peeled and smashed; Herb Butter, recipe follows; 1/4 cup white wine; 1 cup chicken broth; 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened; 1 teaspoon freshly chopped thyme leaves; 1 teaspoon freshly chopped sage leaves; 1 teaspoon freshly chopped rosemary leaves; Salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 475 degrees F. Lay onion slices down the center of a large cast iron skillet to create 2 rows that are touching. Season the cavity of the chicken with salt and pepper, add lemon slices, thyme, rosemary, sage and garlic cloves. Using your hands, gently separate the skin from the meat of the breast. Evenly spread the Herb Butter on the meat underneath the skin. Take the remaining butter and gently rub the skin. Wash hands and season the skin with salt and pepper. Tie drumsticks together using twine. Place the chicken on the onion slices. Transfer the pan to the preheated oven and <END>
INPUT: root, vegetables, rosemary, thyme, lemon juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Garlic-Roasted Chicken and Root Vegetables | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Butter:; 6 tablespoons (3/4 stick) unsalted butter, at room temperature; 2 teaspoons chopped fresh rosemary; 2 teaspoons chopped fresh thyme; 1/2 teaspoon fresh lemon juice (from 1/2 large lemon); 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt; 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 3 large cloves garlic, minced; Chicken:; One 6 1/4-pound chicken, rinsed and patted dry; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 teaspoon kosher salt, plus more for seasoning; 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, plus more for seasoning; 6 baby red potatoes, halved; 4 medium carrots, peeled and halved lengthwise | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Position an oven rack just below the center of the oven. Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. For the butter: In a small bowl, combine the butter, rosemary, thyme, lemon juice, salt, pepper and garlic until smooth. For the chicken: Tuck the wings under the chicken. Sprinkle the cavity of the chicken with salt and pepper. Spoon 2 tablespoons of the butter mixture into the cavity. Place the rosemary, thyme and lemon quarters in the cavity. Tie the legs together loosely with kitchen string. Place the chicken in a large roasting pan. Starting at the neck end of the chi <END>
INPUT: Mexican, salsa, Roma tomatoes, garlic, serrano chile, shallot, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Tomato Salsa | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 6 Roma tomatoes, cored and cut in half lengthwise; 4 cloves garlic, unpeeled; 1 serrano chile, cut in half, see Cook's Note; 1 shallot, skins removed, halved; 1/2 small yellow onion, skin removed and quartered; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; Salt and freshly ground black pepper, for sprinkling; 2 tablespoons fresh cilantro, roughly chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the grill to medium-high heat. Place the tomatoes, garlic, chiles, shallots and onions cut-side up on a baking sheet. Drizzle the vegetables with the oil and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Transfer the vegetables to the grill and grill until all the vegetables are blistered and charred, 8 to 10 minutes, turning occasionally. Let the vegetables cool slightly. Peel the garlic and remove the skins of the tomatoes. Transfer the vegetables to a food processor, add the cilantro and pulse until you have a chunky salsa. Add salt and pepper to taste. Serve immedia <END>
INPUT: American, refrigerated pie dough, All purpose flour, unsalted butter, granulated sugar, cinnamon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cinnamon Bun Apple Pie | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 14.5-ounce box refrigerated pie dough; All-purpose flour, for dusting; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature; 1/2 cup granulated sugar; 1 1/8 teaspoons ground cinnamon; 5 assorted apples, such as McIntosh, Granny Smith and Pink Lady (about 2 pounds); Juice of 1 lemon; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; 1 large egg, lightly beaten; 2/3 cup confectioners' sugar; 2 tablespoons milk, plus more if needed | INSTRUCTIONS: Place a baking sheet in the oven and preheat to 400 degrees F. Line a 9-inch pie plate with 1 piece of dough; refrigerate until ready to assemble. Make the cinnamon-roll crust: Lay the remaining piece of dough on a lightly floured surface and spread the butter evenly on top. Combine 1/4 cup granulated sugar and 1 teaspoon cinnamon in a small bowl; sprinkle evenly over the butter, then gently press with your fingers to help the mixture adhere. Roll the pie dough into a tight log. Trim and discard about 1 1/2 inches from both ends; cut the remaining log crosswise into 1/2-inch-thick pieces. Arra <END>
INPUT: American, southwest, sandwich, fat free ranch, salsa, romaine lettuce, Morningstar Farms® Spicy
OUTPUT: TITLE: Southwest Black Bean Burger Sandwich | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 teaspoons fat free ranch salad dressing; 2 teaspoons salsa; 1/2 cup shredded romaine lettuce; 1 Morningstar Farms® Spicy Black Bean Veggie Burger; 2 tablespoons finely-shredded, reduced-fat sharp cheddar cheese (about 1/2 oz.); 1 tablespoon seeded and thinly-sliced jalapeno pepper; 1 tablespoon pitted and sliced black olives; 1 hamburger bun or whole wheat hamburger bun, split and toasted (about 1 1/2 oz.); 2 teaspoons chopped fresh cilantro (optional) | INSTRUCTIONS: Be a dinnertime hero with this meal-in-a-sandwich that will win you applause. A black bean burger is topped with cheddar cheese, jalapeno pepper and olives, and then it's tucked into a bun along with salsa-and-ranch-dressed salad. 1. In small bowl stir together salad dressing and salsa. Toss with lettuce. Set aside. 2. Micro-cook veggie burger according to package directions, except after turning burger top with cheese, jalapeno pepper and olives. Continue micro-cooking according to package directions. 3. Top bun bottom with lettuce mixture and burger. Sprinkle with cilantro (if desired). Add  <END>
INPUT: Italian, risotto, reduced sodium chicken, hot water, unsalted butter, onion, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Romano Risotto with Radishes | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 6 cups reduced-sodium chicken broth (48 fl ounces); 2 cups hot water; 3/4 stick unsalted butter, divided; 1 medium onion, finely chopped (1 cup); 3 garlic cloves, finely chopped; 1 pound Arborio rice (2 1/2 cups); 2/3 cup dry white wine; 1/2 cup grated Pecorino Romano; 1 tablespoon white-wine vinegar; 1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil; 1 pound trimmed radishes, julienned; 1 tablespoon finely chopped chives; Accompaniment: extra-virgin olive oil for drizzling | INSTRUCTIONS: Make risotto: Bring broth and water to a simmer in a 3-to 4-quart saucepan. Meanwhile, heat 3 tablespoons butter in a 4-to 5-quart heavy pot over medium heat until foam subsides, then cook onion, stirring occasionally, until just softened, about 5 minutes. Add garlic and cook, stirring occasionally, until softened, 6 to 8 minutes. Stir in rice and cook, stirring, 1 minute. Add wine and cook, stirring, until absorbed, about 1 minute. Stir 1 cup simmering broth into rice and cook, stirring constantly and keeping at a strong simmer, until absorbed. Continue cooking and adding broth, about 1 cup a <END>
INPUT: yassa, onions, garlic, celery, carrots
OUTPUT: TITLE: Yassa Chicken | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 (3 to 3 1/2 pound) chicken, cut into 8 pieces; 1 1/2 cups thinly sliced onions; 6 cloves garlic, halved; 1 cup thinly sliced celery (2 ribs); 1 cup thinly sliced carrots (2 small); 2 limes zested and juiced; 1 fresh hot chile pepper (Scotch bonnet or habanero), quartered; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 tablespoons vegetable oil; 1 quart chicken stock; 2 cups julienned carrots, blanched; 2 cups julienned leeks, blanched; 1/2 cup water; 1 tablespoon butter | INSTRUCTIONS: Marinate chicken for 3 to 5 hours in onions, garlic, celery, carrots, lime juice, and hot pepper. Strain, remove chicken and pat dry. Reserve vegetables. Season chicken with salt and pepper and brown in Dutch oven in 2 tablespoons vegetable oil. Remove chicken, and pour off excess fat. Deglaze pan with chicken stock and add chicken, and marinated vegetables. Allow to cook, covered, over medium heat until chicken is tender, about 15 to 20 minutes. Remove chicken and reserve in warm place (oven preheated to 250 degrees.) Strain sauce through china cap or sieve. Season the sauce with lime zest, s <END>
INPUT: Italian, vinaigrette, lemon juice, olive oil, garlic, lemon peel, basil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Halibut with Lemon-Basil Vinaigrette | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 2 1/2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 2 tablespoons olive oil (preferably extra-virgin); 2 garlic cloves, crushed; 1/2 teaspoon grated lemon peel; 3 tablespoons thinly sliced fresh basil or 3 teaspoons dried; 2 teaspoons drained capers; 4 5- to 6-ounce halibut steaks (about 3/4 inch thick) | INSTRUCTIONS: Whisk lemon juice, olive oil, crushed garlic cloves and grated lemon peel in small bowl to blend. Stir in 2 tablespoons fresh basil and capers. Season vinaigrette to taste with salt and pepper. (Can be prepared 1 hour ahead. Let stand at room temperature.) Prepare barbecue (medium-high heat) or preheat broiler. Season halibut steaks with salt and pepper. Brush fish with 1 tablespoon vinaigrette, dividing equally. Grill or broil halibut steaks until just cooked through, about 4 minutes per side. Transfer fish to plates. Rewhisk remaining vinaigrette; pour over fish. Garnish fish with remaining  <END>
INPUT: garlic, virgin olive oil, Salt pepper, lemon
OUTPUT: TITLE: B.B.Q. Garlic Crab | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon chopped garlic; 2 ounces extra-virgin olive oil; 1 cooked, cleaned, and cracked crab (ask your local fishmonger to do this); Salt and pepper; 1/2 lemon, plus wedges, for garnish; Chopped Italian parsley leaves, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Lightly cook the garlic in the olive oil in a saute pan (about 2 to3 minutes on medium-low heat). Allow to cool. Add the crab and toss with the salt and pepper. Preheat the grill to high, carefully place all the marinated crab onto the grill, allowing the oil to drip off before putting onto the grill, and cover with lid. Allow to cook about 4 to 5 minutes then turn over and allow to cook another 3 to 4 minutes. Remove from the grill, and place into a large metal bowl. Squeeze the fresh lemon juice over the crab and toss well. Serve on a large platter with fresh lemon wedges and chopped Italian <END>
INPUT: uncooked noodles, butter margarine, poppy seeds
OUTPUT: TITLE: Poppy Seed Noodles | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 8 ounces uncooked noodles; 1 tablespoon butter or margarine; 1 teaspoon poppy seeds | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook noodles in lightly salted boiling water according to package directions; drain. Place in serving bowl, and toss with butter and poppy seeds.; <END>
INPUT: bacon, boiling potatoes, onion, garlic, scallions
OUTPUT: TITLE: Potatoes with Bacon and Scallions | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 slices of lean bacon, chopped fine; 1 pound boiling potatoes; 1 onion, chopped fine (about 1/2 cup); 1 garlic clove, minced; 2 scallions, sliced thin; 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh parsley leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: In a skillet cook the bacon over moderate heat, stirring, for 5 minutes, or until it is crisp, transfer it to paper towels to drain, and in the fat remaining in the skillet cook the potatoes, peeled, sliced thin, and patted dry, and the onion, covered, stirring occasionally, for 5 minutes, or until the potatoes are browned. Reduce the heat to moderately low, stir in the garlic, and cook the mixture, uncovered, stirring occasionally, for 15 minutes. Stir in the bacon, the scallions, the parsley, and salt and pepper to taste and cook the mixture, covered, stirring occasionally, for 5 minutes, or <END>
INPUT: French, pepper, tarragon, coleslaw dressing, Dijon mustard
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fresh and Crispy Slaw | CUISINE: French | INGREDIENTS: 1 (14-ounce) package coleslaw mix; 1 yellow pepper, seeded and thinly sliced; 1/2 bunch tarragon, leaves removed from stems; 1/2 cup coleslaw dressing; 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard; 1 tablespoon honey; 2 tablespoons poppy seeds; Salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large serving bowl combine the coleslaw mix, yellow pepper and tarragon leaves. In a small bowl combine the dressing, mustard, honey and poppy seeds. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Pour over the coleslaw mixture, toss to coat and serve. <END>
INPUT: pepper, salt, unsalted butter, wine
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken with Tomatoes and Prunes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 (3-lb) chicken, cut into 8 pieces; 1/4 teaspoon black pepper; 1 3/4 teaspoons salt; 2 1/2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1 cup dry white wine; 1/2 cup water; 1/2 lb plum tomatoes (about 3), seeded and chopped; 1 (3- to 4-inch) cinnamon stick; 5 1/2 oz pitted prunes (16 to 18); 2 tablespoons red-wine vinegar; 2 teaspoons sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: Pat chicken dry and sprinkle with pepper and 1 teaspoon salt. Heat butter in a 12-inch heavy skillet or a wide heavy pot over moderately high heat until foam subsides, then brown chicken in 2 batches, turning with tongs, about 5 minutes per batch. Transfer chicken as browned to a plate. Return chicken, skin sides up, to skillet along with any juices accumulated on plate. Add wine and boil until reduced by half, about 4 minutes. Add water, tomatoes, cinnamon stick, remaining 3/4 teaspoon salt, and a large pinch of pepper and bring to a boil. Reduce heat to moderately low and cover skillet, then <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, greek, salt, olive oil, onion, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Greek-Style Stuffed Eggplant | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 3 (1/2-pound) eggplants; 1 teaspoon salt, plus 1 teaspoon; 1 tablespoon olive oil, plus 3 tablespoons; 2 cups chopped onion; 2 garlic cloves, minced; 1 pound lean ground lamb; 1/3 cup minced fresh parsley leaves; 3 tablespoons minced fresh mint leaves; 3 plum tomatoes, halved lengthwise, seeded, and cut into julienne strips; 1 cup crumbled feta | INSTRUCTIONS: Halve 2 of the eggplants lengthwise, score their pulp deeply with a sharp knife, being careful not to pierce the skins, and with a grapefruit knife scoop out the pulp, reserving it and leaving 1/2-inch-thick shells. Sprinkle the shells with 1 teaspoon salt and invert them on paper towels to drain for 15 to 30 minutes. Cut the reserved pulp and the remaining whole eggplant into 1/2-inch pieces, in a colander toss the pieces with the remaining salt, and let them drain for 15 to 30 minutes. Pat the shells dry with paper towels, brush them with 1 tablespoon of the oil, and broil them on the rack o <END>
INPUT: bars, sugar, pure vanilla extract, salt, eggs
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fig Bars | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cups (3 sticks) unsalted butter, room temperature; 1 1/2 cups plus 2 tablespoons sugar; 1/2 teaspoon pure vanilla extract; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 2 large eggs, room temperature, 1 lightly beaten for sealing dough; 1 large egg yolk, room temperature; 2 1/2 cups all-purpose flour, plus more for dusting; 1/2 lemon, zested, cut into 4 (1-inch) strips; 1 cinnamon stick; 24 ounces dried black mission figlets (a small variety of figs), stems trimmed; 1/4 cup cognac; 2 cups water | INSTRUCTIONS: Make the cookie dough: In the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, cream butter, 1/2 cup plus 2 tablespoons sugar, the vanilla, and salt together until smooth. Add 1 egg and egg yolk, beating to combine, scraping the sides of the bowl with a rubber spatula. Add flour gradually, and continue beating until just blended. Transfer the dough to a sheet of plastic wrap, and shape into a rectangle. Wrap the dough well. Chill in the refrigerator until firm, about 2 hours. Make the filling: In a shallow, medium saucepan, combine lemon rind, cinnamon stick, figlets, cognac, 1 cup <END>
INPUT: Indian, spices, raita, ginger, vegetable oil more, garam masala, garlic, coriander
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Salmon with Indian Spices and Raita | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup coarsely chopped peeled fresh ginger; 1/4 cup vegetable oil plus more; 1 tablespoon plus 1 teaspoon garam masala; 2 garlic cloves, coarsely chopped; 2 teaspoons ground coriander; 1 1/2 teaspoons ground cumin; 1 2-pound center-cut piece of boneless salmon fillet, skin on; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 cup plain whole-milk yogurt; 3/4 cup finely chopped peeled, seeded cucumber; 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh cilantro, plus more for garnish; 2 scallions, finely chopped; 1 tablespoon fresh lime juice; Ingredient info: Garam masala, an Indian spice mixture, is available in the spice section of better supermarkets and at Indian markets | INSTRUCTIONS: Prepare grill (medium-high heat). Purée ginger, 1/4 cup oil, 1 tablespoon garam masala, garlic, coriander, and cumin in a blender until coarse purée forms. Put salmon into a baking dish and season with salt and pepper. Coat salmon with ginger pureée. Let marinate at room temperature for 15 minutes. Meanwhile, stir yogurt, cucumber, cilantro, scallions, lime juice, and remaining 1 teaspoon garam masala in a medium bowl. Season raita to taste with salt and pepper. Brush the grill rack with oil. Brush off marinade for easier grilling, or leave it on for a better crust. Grill salmon, turning once, <END>
INPUT: acorn butternut squash, olive oil, Coarse grained salt, asparagus
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Squash and Asparagus | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 1 /2 pounds acorn and butternut squash (whatever kinds of squash are available), seeded and cut into 1/2-inch rings; 2 teaspoons olive oil; Coarse grained salt and cracked black pepper; 1 bunch asparagus, cleaned | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 450 degrees F. Place squash rings in a plastic bag with olive oil, salt and pepper. Shake until well coated. Place on a baking sheet in a single layer. Cook, turning once until squash is softened and almost cooked through, about 25 minutes. About halfway through cooking, add the asparagus and continue roasting until all are tender. <END>
INPUT: milk, egg yolks, honey, vanilla, cinnamon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Honey Ice Cream | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups whole milk; 6 egg yolks; 1/2 cup honey; 1 teaspoon vanilla; 1/2 teaspoon cinnamon; 1 cup sour cream | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat milk to boiling point in a saucepan. Cover pan and remove from heat. Whisk egg yolks and honey together in a bowl until thickened. Stir in vanilla and cinnamon. Slowly pour hot milk into the egg yolk mixture, whisking constantly. Return the mixture to a saucepan and cook over a low heat, stirring with a wooden spoon, until thickened slightly (coating the back of the spoon). Do not allow to boil. Allow custard to cool to room temperature. Loosely cover the mixture with plastic wrap and refrigerate until cold (a minimum of 3 hours). Freeze in an ice cream maker until just beginning to set.  <END>
INPUT: American, crostini, diagonal baguette, cheese, hazelnuts, Honey
OUTPUT: TITLE: Crostini with Blue Cheese, Honey, and Hazelnuts | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 12 1/3-inch-thick diagonal baguette slices; 3 ounces blue cheese (such as Gorgonzola , Roquefort , or Maytag blue), room temperature; 1/2 cup hazelnuts, toasted, husked , coarsely chopped; Honey | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 400°F. Place baguette slices in single layer on baking sheet. Toast in oven until golden, about 8 minutes. (Can be made 4 hours ahead.) Spread blue cheese on baguette slices. Sprinkle hazelnuts over each. Drizzle each slice lightly with honey. Preheat oven to 400°F. Place baguette slices in single layer on baking sheet. Toast in oven until golden, about 8 minutes. (Can be made 4 hours ahead.) Spread blue cheese on baguette slices. Sprinkle hazelnuts over each. Drizzle each slice lightly with honey. <END>
INPUT: alton, brown, strong brewed coffee, molasses, apple cider vinegar, dijon mustard, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Alton Brown's Molasses-and-Coffee Pork Chops | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup strong brewed coffee, cooled; 6 ounces molasses, by weight (about 1/2 cup); 2 tablespoons apple cider vinegar; 1 tablespoon dijon mustard; 2 cloves garlic, minced; Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper; 1/2 teaspoon ground ginger; 6 to 8 sprigs fresh thyme; 4 6-to-8-ounce bone-in pork chops (1 inch thick); 1 cup strong brewed coffee, cooled; 6 ounces molasses, by weight (about 1/2 cup); 2 tablespoons apple cider vinegar; 1 tablespoon dijon mustard; 2 cloves garlic, minced; Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine the coffee, molasses, vinegar, mustard, garlic, 1 teaspoon salt, 1/2 teaspoon pepper, the ginger, thyme and pork chops in a 1-gallon zip-top bag; seal and shake to combine. Marinate in the refrigerator for at least 2 hours or overnight. Preheat a grill to medium-high. Remove the pork from the bag. Pour the marinade into a saucepan; boil gently over medium-high heat, stirring, until reduced to 1/2 cup, 12 to 15 minutes. Remove the thyme stems. Grill the pork chops for 3 to 4 minutes per side, or until they reach an internal temperature of 145. Let rest for 5 minutes; serve with the glaz <END>
INPUT: Eight halibut cheeks, all purpose flour, egg wash, plain Asian breadcrumbs, coconut
OUTPUT: TITLE: Coconut Walnut Halibut | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Eight 1- to 1 1/2-ounce halibut cheeks or medallions, 1/4-inch thick (can substitute grouper); 1 cup all-purpose flour, seasoned with a pinch of salt and white pepper; 1 cup egg wash (2 eggs and 1/2 cup milk, mixed well); 1 cup plain Asian breadcrumbs; 1/2 cup shredded coconut; 1/2 cup walnut pieces (can substitute pecans); 1/2 gallon vegetable oil; 1 lemon | INSTRUCTIONS: To prepare the fish, first coat the fish with flour, tap off excess and then dip into the egg wash. Mix the breadcrumbs, coconut and walnuts together in a third pan. Finish the fish in the coconut breading mixture. Ensure that the breading is evenly covering the fish, and then repeat with the remaining fish. Heat the oil in a large, heavy-duty pot or deep-fryer to 350 degrees F. Once the fish has been breaded, drop the breaded fish into the oil and cook until golden brown, about 90 seconds. Flip the fish once during the cooking process. Once cooked, remove and allow to rest on paper towels to  <END>
INPUT: bake, Pepperidge Farm® Corn, water, pork chops
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pork Chops and Stuffing Bake | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 cups Pepperidge Farm® Corn Bread Stuffing; 1 1/4 cups water; 1/4 cups (1/2 stick) butter; 6 boneless pork chops, 3/4-inch thick (about 1 1/2 pounds); 1 can (10 3/4 oz.) Campbell's® Condensed Cream of Celery Soup (Regular or 98% Fat Free); 1/3 cup milk; 1/2 cup shredded Cheddar cheese | INSTRUCTIONS: Prepare the stuffing with the water and butter according to the package directions. Spoon the stuffing across the center of a 3-quart shallow baking dish. Place the pork on each side of the stuffing. Stir the soup and milk in a small bowl. Pour the soup mixture over the pork. Cover the baking dish. Bake at 400 degrees F for 30 minutes or until the pork is cooked through. Sprinkle with the cheese. <END>
INPUT: soup, onion, celery, leek, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sweet-Potato Soup with Nutmeg and Maple Syrup | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons (1/4 stick) butter; 1 cup chopped onion; 2 small celery stalks, stalks and leaves chopped separately; 1 medium leek, sliced (white and pale green parts only); 1 large garlic clove, chopped; 1 1/2 pounds red-skinned sweet potatoes (yams), peeled, cut into 1-inch pieces (about 5 cups); 4 cups chicken stock or canned low-salt chicken broth; 1 cinnamon stick; 1/4 teaspoon ground nutmeg; 1 1/2 cups half and half; 2 tablespoons pure maple syrup | INSTRUCTIONS: Melt butter in heavy large pot over medium-high heat. Add onion and sauté 5 minutes. Add chopped celery stalks and leek and sauté until onion is translucent, about 5 minutes. Add garlic and sauté 2 minutes. Add potatoes, chicken stock, cinnamon, and nutmeg; bring to boil. Reduce heat and simmer uncovered until potatoes are tender, about 20 minutes. Remove cinnamon stick and discard. Working in batches, puree soup in blender until smooth. Return to pot. Add half and half and maple syrup and stir over medium-low heat to heat through. Season soup to taste with salt and pepper. (Can be prepared 1  <END>
INPUT: lace, cookies, light sugar, flour, pure vanilla extract
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate and Coconut Lace Cookies | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 cup light brown sugar; 1/2 cup sweetened, flaked coconut; 1/4 cup (1/2 stick) unsalted butter, melted; 1/4 cup flour; 1/2 teaspoon pure vanilla extract; 1/8 teaspoon fine sea salt; 1 (4-ounce) bar bittersweet (62 percent cacao) chocolate, chopped into 1/2-inch pieces (recommended: Nestle Chocolatier) | INSTRUCTIONS: Place an oven rack in the center of the oven. Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Line 3 baking sheets with parchment paper or silicone liners. Set aside. In a large bowl, mix together the sugar, coconut, melted butter, flour, vanilla, and salt. Using a 1/2-ounce cookie scoop or a tablespoon, scoop 6 balls of dough, 3 to 4 inches apart, on each baking sheet. Lightly flatten the tops of the dough. Cook until golden, 8 to 10 minutes. Allow the cookies to cool on the parchment paper, about 15 minutes. Place the chocolate in a bowl and place over a pan of barely simmering water. Stir until the choc <END>
INPUT: linguini, olive oil, garlic, shrimp, lemon juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Linguini with Shrimp | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 pound linguini; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 2 garlic cloves, minced; 1 pound large shrimp, peeled and deveined; 1/3 cup freshly squeezed lemon juice; 1/2 cup white wine; 1 bunch asparagus stalks, trimmed; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 cup freshly chopped flat-leaf parsley; 1 container cherry tomatoes, halved | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring a large pot of water to a boil. Add the linguini and cook according to the directions on the box. Drain, reserving 1 cup of the cooking water. Meanwhile, heat the olive oil in a large skillet over a medium-high flame. Add the garlic and saute for 1 minute. Add the shrimp and cook for 3 to 4 minutes, until the shrimp turn pink. Remove the shrimp from the pan and set aside. Add the lemon juice, white wine, and the reserved cup water to the skillet. Let simmer until the liquid is reduced by about half. Salt and saute the asparagus. Cut into 1-inch pieces. Return the shrimp to the pan and st <END>
INPUT: Italian, pesto, Kosher salt, unsalted roasted almonds, garlic, parsley, basil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Linguine With Almond Pesto and Beans | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: Kosher salt; 1/3 cup unsalted roasted almonds; 1 clove garlic; 1 1/2 cups fresh parsley; 1 1/2 cups fresh basil; 1/4 cup grated parmesan cheese; 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 1/3 cup ricotta cheese; 1/2 cup chopped pitted kalamata olives; 12 ounces linguine; 1 15-ounce can cannellini or navy beans, drained and rinsed; 2 plum tomatoes, chopped; Freshly ground pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Meanwhile, make the pesto: Pulse the almonds and garlic in a food processor until finely chopped. Add the parsley, basil and parmesan and pulse until the herbs are chopped, scraping down the side of the processor as needed. With the motor running, drizzle in the olive oil and blend until combined. Transfer to a large bowl; stir in the ricotta and olives. Add the linguine to the boiling water and cook as the label directs, adding the beans to the pot in the last 2 minutes of cooking. Reserve 1 cup of the cooking water, then drain the pasta and beans. <END>
INPUT: Italian, risotto, cake, sweet onion, carnaroli Arborio rice, fine sea salt, wine
OUTPUT: TITLE: Crispy Cheese Curd Risotto Cake | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 10 tablespoons (1 1/4 sticks) salted butter; 1/2 cup finely diced sweet onion; 1 cup carnaroli or Arborio rice; 3/4 teaspoon fine sea salt; 3/4 cup dry white wine; 1 to 1 1/4 cups freshly grated Parmesan; 1 pound white cheese curds; About 1 cup rice flour | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Melt 2 tablespoons of the butter in a large, high-sided skillet, and add the onion. Cook over medium heat until soft and sweet, about 10 minutes. Add the rice and salt and cook, stirring, until well coated in butter, about 2 minutes. Pour in the white wine and cook, stirring, until it evaporates. Add 1/2 cup water and cook, stirring frequently, until it has been absorbed. Repeat, adding 1/2 cup water at a time, until the rice swells and becomes tender. This should take about 15 minutes and about 3 to 3 1/2 cups water. The texture of the risotto should be softly f <END>
INPUT: martini, hazelnut liqueur, coffee liqueur, vodka, heavy cream, chocolate shavings
OUTPUT: TITLE: Hazelnut Coffee Martini | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 ounce hazelnut liqueur, such as Frangelico; 1 ounce coffee liqueur, such as Kahlua; 2 ounces vodka; 1 ounce heavy cream; 2 teaspoons chocolate shavings, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: To a cocktail shaker filled with ice, add the hazelnut liqueur, coffee liqueur, vodka and cream. Shake vigorously for 1 minute, then strain into 4 digestif glasses. Top with chocolate shavings. <END>
INPUT: sensation, bell peppers, olive oil, garlic, Oil brush onto
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sweet Pepper Sensation | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 large red bell peppers; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 3 to 4 cloves garlic; Oil to brush onto peppers | INSTRUCTIONS: Brush each pepper with a bit of oil. Roast in the oven, grill on the stove top, or barbecue until peppers are totally black and ugly. Cool and peel. Slice and seed peppers. Puree seeded peppers in a blender with oil and garlic. Heat and serve over pasta or rice. <END>
INPUT: American, brownies, unsalted butter, all purpose flour, bittersweet chocolate, eggs, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Raspberry Cream Cheese Brownies | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 6 tbsp unsalted butter, room temperature, divided, plus more; 1/2 cup plus 1 tbsp all-purpose flour, divided, plus more; 4 oz bittersweet chocolate, coarsely chopped; 3 large eggs, divided; 3/4 cup plus 2 tbsp sugar, divided; 1/2 tsp baking powder; 1/2 tsp salt; 1 1/2 tsp vanilla extract, divided; 4 oz cream cheese, room temperature; 2 tbsp raspberry jam; 1/2 cup fresh raspberries | INSTRUCTIONS: Preperation: Preheat oven to 350° with rack in upper third. Grease an 8" x 8" pan with butter, line with parchment paper, and grease and flour parchment paper. Put chocolate and 4 Tbsp butter in a heatproof bowl set over a saucepan of 2" simmering water. Melt, stirring occasionally, about 5 minutes. Remove from heat; let cool slightly. In a small bowl, beat 2 eggs. Whisk eggs into chocolate mixture. Add 3/4 cup sugar and beat until combined. Add 1/2 cup flour, baking powder, and salt. Stir well. Stir in 1 tsp vanilla. Spread batter in prepared pan. For the cream cheese layer: In a medium bowl, <END>
INPUT: Italian, sliders, olive oil, onions, milk ricotta
OUTPUT: TITLE: Ricotta Stuffed Chicken Sliders | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon olive oil; 2 yellow onions, thinly sliced; 2 boneless, skinless chicken breasts, cubed; 3 boneless, skinless chicken thighs, cubed; 8 ounces whole milk ricotta; 2 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley; 2 tablespoons sour mash whiskey; 1 tablespoons sugar; 4 tablespoons vegetable oil; 4 tablespoons butter, softened; 6 small rolls; 18,000 Island Dressing, recipe follows; Cornichon or pickle spears, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: In a heavy-bottomed Dutch oven over low heat, add the olive oil and onions. Do not move until they start turning slightly brown in color, about 1 hour. In the meantime, grind the chicken in a food processor until the meat is chunky but uniform, using 10 short pulses. Scrape into a bowl and stir in the ricotta, Worcestershire, 1 tablespoon salt, 1 teaspoon pepper and the parsley. Mix well. Form the chicken mixture into small patties, about 3 inches in diameter and 2 inches high. Place on a sheet tray and refrigerate. Once all the onions are caramelized, deglaze with the whiskey and add the suga <END>
INPUT: Italian, soup, virgin olive oil, onion, garlic, pepper flakes, tomato paste
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pasta and Lentil Soup | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 5 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, plus more for drizzling; 1/2 onion, chopped; 4 cloves garlic, smashed; 1/4 to 1/2 teaspoon red pepper flakes; 2 tablespoons tomato paste; 2 cups low-sodium chicken broth; 1/2 cup grated parmesan cheese, plus 1 piece cheese rind (optional); 8 ounces orecchiette or other small pasta; 2 14-ounce cans lentils (1 undrained; 1 drained and rinsed); 1/3 cup roughly chopped fresh parsley; Kosher salt; Crusty bread, for serving (optional) | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat the olive oil in a large pot over medium heat. Add the onion, garlic and red pepper flakes and cook, stirring occasionally, until the onion is slightly soft, about 2 minutes. Remove 1 tablespoon of the flavored oil and set aside. Add the tomato paste and cook, stirring, 2 more minutes. Add the chicken broth, 4 cups water and the cheese rind, if using. Bring to a boil, then add the pasta and cook, stirring occasionally, 5 minutes. Add the lentils along with the liquid from one of the cans; reduce the heat to medium low and simmer until the pasta is tender, 10 to 12 more minutes. Meanwhile, <END>
INPUT: Asian, piece ginger, garlic, creamy peanut butter, reduced sodium soy, lime juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Peanut Sauce | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1 1" piece ginger, peeled; 1 small garlic clove; 1/2 cup creamy peanut butter; 2 tablespoons reduced-sodium soy sauce; 1 tablespoon fresh lime juice; 1 teaspoon (packed) light brown sugar; 1/4 -1/2 teaspoons crushed red pepper flakes | INSTRUCTIONS: With motor running, drop ginger and garlic clove into a blender and blend until finely chopped. Add peanut butter, soy sauce, lime juice, brown sugar, red pepper flakes, and 1/3 cup water and blend, adding more water by tablespoonfuls if needed to thin, until smooth. DO AHEAD: Peanut sauce can be made 3 days ahead. Transfer to a small bowl, cover, and chill. Bring to room temperature before using. With motor running, drop ginger and garlic clove into a blender and blend until finely chopped. Add peanut butter, soy sauce, lime juice, brown sugar, red pepper flakes, and 1/3 cup water and blend,  <END>
INPUT: Asian, crusted, sesame seeds, salt pepper, olive oil, butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sesame-Crusted Tuna | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup sesame seeds; 1 tablespoon black sesame seeds, optional; salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 tablespoons olive oil, plus more for brushing the fish; 1-1/2 tablespoons butter; 2 pounds tuna steaks, cut in 6 equal portions, approximately 1-inch thick; fleur de sel | INSTRUCTIONS: In a dry skillet on medium heat, toast the white sesame seeds until they are just beginning to turn light golden brown and fragrant. Remove from heat and spread seeds on a plate. Add the black sesame seeds to the plate if using, and stir seeds around with fingertips to combine. Brush the tuna pieces on all sides with olive oil. Season on all sides with salt and pepper, and dip tuna pieces in the seeds, pressing to coat on all sides. Set aside on a wax foil lined cookie sheet. When ready to cook, heat the 2 tablespoons olive oil on medium high in the skillet. When oil is hot, add the butter, wh <END>
INPUT: chowder, littleneck clams, pre bacon, Aleppo pepper, unsalted butter, celery
OUTPUT: TITLE: Clam Chowder | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 5 pounds littleneck clams, scrubbed in cold water until no grit remains on the shells; 8 ounces pre-sliced bacon, cut into 1-inch pieces; Dried Aleppo pepper (or any other smoky dried pepper), for dusting; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 2 stalks green celery, washed, trimmed and sliced into 1/2-inch rounds; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 cloves garlic, peeled and minced; 2 leeks (white and light green part only), cleaned and diced; 1 small yellow onion, peeled and diced; 1 cup dry vermouth; 2 cups heavy cream; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh thyme; 4 Yukon gold potatoes, washed and cut into 3/4-inch dice; 2 bay leaves; Hot sauce, for flavor | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Place a large pot or rondeau on the stove and add 3 cups water. Bring the water to a boil and add the clams. Cook until the clams pop open. Though it is important to stir the clams as they cook, take care because the shells are fragile and break easily. Put the clams in a colander and reserve the cooking liquid. Shell the clams; discard the shells and reserve the clam meat and the liquid separately. Add the bacon to another large pot and cook over medium heat until crispy. Drain the bacon with a slotted spoon onto a paper towel, dust with Aleppo pepper and set as <END>
INPUT: Asian, wilted, slaw, soy sauce, wine vinegar, sugar, olive oil, Asian sesame oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Glazed Sea Scallops with Wilted Napa Cabbage Slaw | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 teaspoons soy sauce; 1 1/2 tablespoons white-wine vinegar; 1/2 teaspoon sugar; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1 tablespoon Asian sesame oil; 3 cups thinly sliced Napa cabbage; 1 medium carrot, shredded; 1 scallion, sliced thin; 1/2 pound sea scallops; Thinly sliced scallion greens | INSTRUCTIONS: In a small bowl whisk together soy sauce, vinegar, sugar, 1 1/2 tablespoons olive oil, sesame oil, and salt and pepper to taste. In a bowl toss cabbage, carrot, and scallion with 2 tablespoons soy sauce mixture. Remove tough muscle from side of each scallop if necessary. Pat scallops dry with paper towels and season with salt and pepper. In a heavy non-stick skillet just large enough to hold scallops in one layer heat remaining 1/2 tablespoon olive oil over moderately high heat until hot but not smoking and saute scallops until golden and cooked through, about 2 minutes on each side. Transfer  <END>
INPUT: fries, julienned sweet potatoes, vegetable oil, smoked paprika, granulated garlic powder, granulated onion powder
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sweet Potato Fries with Malt Vinegar | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 cups peeled and julienned sweet potatoes; 3 cups vegetable oil; 1 tablespoon smoked paprika; 1 teaspoon granulated garlic powder; 1 teaspoon granulated onion powder; 1/2 teaspoon granulated sugar; 1 teaspoon ground cumin; 1 teaspoon kosher salt; 3 tablespoons malt vinegar | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Add the julienned potatoes to a bowl filled with ice water while you heat the oil. Preheat the oil in a cast iron skillet or fryer to 325 degrees F. In a small bowl, add all the spices and combine well. Remove the potatoes from the ice water and pat dry with paper towels. Fry the potatoes, in batches, for 3 to 4 minutes to cook the inside. Remove the potatoes from the oil to a bowl and bring the oil up to 350 degrees F. Add the potatoes and fry again, in batches, this time to cook the outside until golden brown. (They will not achieve the texture of a French fry, <END>
INPUT: salad, hard, eggs, bacon, romaine, olive oil, shallot
OUTPUT: TITLE: Romaine Salad with Bacon and Hard-Boiled Eggs | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 large eggs; 4 ounces bacon (4 to 5 slices), cut crosswise into 1/2-inch-wide strips; 1 large head romaine (1 1/4 pound), trimmed and cut into bite-size pieces; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1/4 cup finely chopped shallot; 2 tablespoons red-wine vinegar; 1/4 teaspoon salt, or to taste | INSTRUCTIONS: Hard-boil eggs: Cover eggs with cold water by 1 inch in a small heavy saucepan and bring to a boil, partially covered with lid. Reduce heat to low and cook eggs, covered completely, 10 minutes. Transfer eggs with a slotted spoon to a bowl of cold water to stop cooking and let stand until cool enough to handle, about 2 minutes. Cover eggs with cold water by 1 inch in a small heavy saucepan and bring to a boil, partially covered with lid. Reduce heat to low and cook eggs, covered completely, 10 minutes. Transfer eggs with a slotted spoon to a bowl of cold water to stop cooking and let stand unti <END>
INPUT: Mexican, tapas, meatballs, Hearty Steak Sauce, TACO BELL® HOME, KRAFT Natural Milk, RITZ Crackers
OUTPUT: TITLE: Salsa Meatball Tapas | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 12 frozen cooked meatballs (1/2 oz. each); 1/4 cup A.1. Thick & Hearty Steak Sauce; 1/4 cup TACO BELL® HOME ORIGINALS® Thick 'N Chunky Salsa; 4 oz. KRAFT Natural 2% Milk Blend of Reduced Fat Monterey Jack, Mild Cheddar & Colby Cheeses, cut into 12 slices; 24 RITZ Crackers; 12 stuffed green olives, sliced | INSTRUCTIONS: HEAT oven to 350F. Cook meatballs as directed on package; cut in half. Place in large bowl. Add steak sauce and salsa; toss to coat. Cut cheese slices in half. PLACE crackers in single layer on baking sheet; top with cheese and meatballs. BAKE 4 to 5 minutes or until cheese is melted. Top with olives. TACO BELL® and HOME ORIGINALS® are trademarks owned and licensed by Taco Bell Corp. Special Extra: For spicy tapas, prepare using medium or hot salsa. Top each with 1 jalapeno slice instead of the olive slices. Substitute: Prepare using KRAFT 2% Milk Natural Colby & Monterey Jack Cheese. Nutritio <END>
INPUT: berry, salad, wheat berries, Kosher salt pepper, farro, wine vinegar, Dijon mustard
OUTPUT: TITLE: Wheat Berry and Farro Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup wheat berries; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 cup farro; 3 tablespoons red wine vinegar; 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard; 2 teaspoons pomegranate molasses; 1/4 cup plus 1 tablespoon olive oil; 1 pint cherry or grape tomatoes; 3 scallions, thinly sliced; Handful basil leaves, roughly torn; 4 ounces aged goat cheese | INSTRUCTIONS: Put the wheat berries in a medium saucepan, add 6 cups of water and salt and pepper. Bring to a boil, reduce heat and simmer until tender and chewy, about 1 hour, adding more water as needed. Drain any water that is left. Transfer the wheat berries to a large bowl. Put the farro in another medium saucepan and add enough water to cover by an inch and salt and pepper. Bring to a boil, reduce heat and simmer until tender, 25 to 40 minutes, adding more water if needed. Drain any water that is left. Transfer to the bowl with the wheat berries. (The grains can be made up to a day in advance and refr <END>
INPUT: American, ditch, Kosher salt, elbow macaroni, milk, heavy cream, unsalted butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Ditch Dogs | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: Kosher salt; 1 pound elbow macaroni; 2 cups whole milk; 2 1/4 cups heavy cream; 1 tablespoon unsalted butter; 1/3 cup all-purpose flour; 8 ounces white American cheese, diced, at room temperature (about 2 cups); 8 ounces gruyere cheese, grated, at room temperature (about 2 cups); 1/3 cup parmesan cheese, grated, at room temperature; Vegetable oil, for the pan; 6 all-beef hot dogs; 6 potato hot dog rolls; Freshly ground pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Make the mac and cheese: Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add the pasta and cook as the label directs until al dente. Drain the pasta well and let cool. In a medium saucepan, heat the milk and 2 cups heavy cream over medium heat until warm (do not boil). In a separate medium saucepan, melt the butter over medium heat. Add the flour to the butter and stir until incorporated, about 5 minutes, making sure it doesn't brown. Add the warm milk and heavy cream, in batches, and whisk until incorporated. Bring to a simmer and cook, whisking, about 15 minutes. Add the American, gruyere and p <END>
INPUT: sauce, sugar, unsweetened cocoa powder, water, bittersweet
OUTPUT: TITLE: Bittersweet Chocolate Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup sugar; 1/4 cup unsweetened cocoa powder; 1/2 cup water; 2 ounces bittersweet (not unsweetened) or semisweet chocolate, chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: Whisk sugar and cocoa powder in heavy small saucepan to blend. Whisk in 1/2 cup water. Add chopped chocolate. Stir over medium heat until chocolate melts and mixture is smooth and begins to simmer, about 5 minutes. (Can be made 2 days ahead. Cover and refrigerate. Rewarm chocolate sauce before serving.) Whisk sugar and cocoa powder in heavy small saucepan to blend. Whisk in 1/2 cup water. Add chopped chocolate. Stir over medium heat until chocolate melts and mixture is smooth and begins to simmer, about 5 minutes. (Can be made 2 days ahead. Cover and refrigerate. Rewarm chocolate sauce before  <END>
INPUT: American, Pie dough, walnuts, eggs, maple syrup, unsalted butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Maple Sugar Pie | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: Pie dough; 1 cup walnuts, toasted and coarsely chopped; 3 large eggs; 1 cup maple syrup; 1/4 cup unsalted butter, melted; 1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract; 2/3 cup packed light brown sugar; 1/8 teaspoon salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Arrange oven rack in middle position and top with heavy baking sheet. Preheat oven to 425°F. On lightly floured surface using lightly floured rolling pin, roll out dough to 13-inch round. Fit into 9-inch pie plate. Trim edge, leaving 1/2-inch overhang, then fold over and crimp decoratively. Chill shell 30 minutes. Scatter walnuts in shell. In medium bowl, whisk together eggs, maple syrup, butter, vanilla, brown sugar, and salt. Pour mixture into pie shell over nuts. Transfer pie to baking sheet and bake 10 minutes. Reduce oven temperature to 350° F and bake until crust is golden and center is  <END>
INPUT: corn muffin mix, corn, orange, scallions, butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Corn Cakes with Honey | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 package corn muffin mix, prepared to package directions for corn pancakes (recommended: Jiffy); 2 ears fresh corn, kernels scraped from cob; 1 orange, zested; 2 scallions, whites and greens, finely chopped; 3 tablespoons butter; Honey | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Mix corn pancake batter in a large bowl. Heat a griddle or cast iron pan over medium-low to medium heat. Stir the corn kernels, orange zest, and scallions into batter. Cut up 2 tablespoons butter into small bits and fold it into the batter. Nestle a pat of butter into a folded paper towel and wipe pan with it. Pile the batter into mounds 3 inches wide and cook the cakes until deep golden on each side. Repeat with remaining batter. Meanwhile, heat a small pot of water over low heat and bring to a bubble. Remove the pan from heat and put the honey jar into the wate <END>
INPUT: salad, vinaigrette, lemon juice, lemon zest, sugar, salt, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Parsley, Radicchio, and Napa Cabbage Salad with Lemon Vinaigrette | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 1 teaspoon finely grated fresh lemon zest; 1/4 teaspoon sugar; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 1/4 teaspoon black pepper; 1/3 cup plus 1 tablespoon olive oil; 6 cups thinly sliced Napa cabbage (1/2 lb; from 1 head); 4 1/2 cups loosely packed fresh flat-leaf parsley leaves (3 large bunches); 2 cups thinly sliced radicchio (1/4 lb) | INSTRUCTIONS: Whisk together lemon juice, zest, sugar, salt, and pepper until sugar is dissolved, then add oil in a slow stream, whisking until emulsified. Just before serving, toss cabbage, parsley, and radicchio in a large bowl with just enough dressing to coat, then season with salt and pepper. Whisk together lemon juice, zest, sugar, salt, and pepper until sugar is dissolved, then add oil in a slow stream, whisking until emulsified. Just before serving, toss cabbage, parsley, and radicchio in a large bowl with just enough dressing to coat, then season with salt and pepper. <END>
INPUT: unsalted butter, onion, tarragon, Italian parsley, Maine shrimp scallops
OUTPUT: TITLE: Baked Stuffed Lobster | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 8 tablespoons unsalted butter, plus 3 tablespoons, melted, for brushing; 1 medium onion (5 to 6 ounces), finely diced; 2 sprigs tarragon, leaves picked and coarsely chopped (2 teaspoons); 2 sprigs Italian parsley, leaves picked and coarsely chopped (2 tablespoons); 4 ounces peeled raw Maine shrimp or raw scallops or cooked crabmeat or lobster meat, cut into 1/2-inch dice; Kosher or sea salt; Freshly ground black pepper; 2 live 1 1/2 to 2 1/2-pound hard shell select lobsters; 3 ounces common crackers, oyster crackers, or dried corn bread, crumble | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Melt 8 tablespoons butter in a 9-inch skillet over medium heat. Add the onion and cook for 5 minutes until soft but not browned. Stir in the tarragon and parsley. If using raw shrimp or scallops, add them with the herbs and cook for 1 minute. Remove from the heat and let cool slightly. If using cooked lobster or crabmeat, remove the pan from the heat as soon as you stir in the herbs, let cool, and then add the lobster or crabmeat. Season with salt and pepper. With a cleaver of chef's knife, split the lobsters in half lengthwise. Remove and discard the head sa <END>
INPUT: avocado, sour cream, dill, scallions, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spicy Avocado Dill Dip | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 medium ripe avocado; 1 cup sour cream; 1/4 cup fresh dill, chopped, plus a few sprigs for garnish; 2 scallions, white and green parts, thinly sliced; 1 clove garlic, minced; 1/2 medium jalapeno, minced, seeded for milder heat; 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt; 1/4 teaspoon black pepper; Chips, or vegetable crudites, for serving | INSTRUCTIONS: Mash the avocado with a fork in a medium bowl. Add the sour cream and whisk until well combined. Stir in the dill, scallions, garlic, jalapeno, salt and black pepper. Chill in the refrigerator for about 30 minutes. Serve with chips or vegetable crudites and garnish with a few sprigs of fresh dill. <END>
INPUT: fruit, compote, wine, studs, dates
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fig Glazed Ham with Dried Fruit Compote | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 (8-ounce) jars fig jam; 1/2 cup white wine; 1 (10 to 12-pound) precooked, unglazed, uncut ham; 20 whole clove studs; 1/2 cup chopped dried dates; 1/2 cup chopped dried apricots; 1/2 cup golden raisins; 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Pour the fig jam and the white wine into a medium saucepot. Stir to combined. Cook over medium-low heat until thicken, about 5 minutes. While the glaze is reducing, score the ham. Slice ham diagonally approximately 1/2 an inch deep. From left to right and then right to left, making diamonds on top of the ham. Press a clove into the center of each diamond. Place ham in roasting pan, on cooking rack. Bake for 1 hour. Reserve half of the glaze and set aside. To the remaining half add the dried dates, apricots, golden raisins and the mustard. Simmer and rehydrate the <END>
INPUT: okra, cornmeal, Vegetable oil, Kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Dry Fried Okra | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound okra, stems removed; 1/2 cup cornmeal; Vegetable oil; Kosher salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Rinse the whole okra pods under cold water, drain, pat dry, trim and cut into 1/4-inch pieces. Set aside. Place the cornmeal into a sealable ziptop bag. Add the okra and shake to coat thoroughly. Return the okra to a dry colander and shake off excess cornmeal. Add enough vegetable oil to a 12-inch stainless steel saute pan in order to completely cover the bottom of the pan. Place over medium-high heat and bring the oil to 370 degrees F. Add the okra and fry until golden brown on 1 side, approximately 5 to 6 minutes. Stirring occasionally, continue cooking until okra is golden brown on all side <END>
INPUT: Mexican, mole, size onions, garlic, olive oil, tomatoes, chicken broth
OUTPUT: TITLE: Quick Chicken Mole in Tortillas | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2 medium size onions, finely chopped; 2 cloves garlic minced; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 2 large tomatoes, chopped; 1 cup chicken broth; 1/4 cup canned green chiles, chopped; 2 tablespoons each sesame seeds and dryroasted unsalted peanuts; 1/4 teaspoon each of ground cinnamon, cloves; 1 teaspoon each of ground cumin and dried oregano; 2 tablespoons ground chili powder; 1/4 cup golden raisins; 1/2 pound boneless skinless chicken breasts cut into 2inch long by 1/3inch strips; 1/2 pound smoked skinless chicken breasts, cut into 2inch long by 1/3inch strips; 1/2 ounce unsweetened chocolate, grated or cut into fine pieces; 8 large flour tortillas | INSTRUCTIONS: Saute the onions and garlic in the oil for about 10 minutes or until tender. Add the tomatoes, chicken broth and green chilis and simmer, uncovered for 15 minutes, stirring frequently. Meanwhile in a dry iron skillet toast the sesame seeds and peanuts for a few minutes or until they begin to smell roasted, then add the cinnamon, cloves, cumin, oregano and chili powder and toast for a few seconds. Remove and cool slightly, then puree with the raisins to form a paste. Add the chicken to the sauce and simmer 3 minutes to cook through; add the smoked chicken and simmer another 3 minutes to warm th <END>
INPUT: tartines, butterflied sardines six, olive oil additional, thyme, Italian parsley, lemon peel
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Sardine Tartines with Onion and Arugula | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 12 butterflied fresh sardines or six 6-inch-long trout or branzino fillets with skin; 2 tablespoons olive oil plus additional for brushing; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh thyme; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh Italian parsley; 2 teaspoons grated lemon peel; 1 teaspoon piment d'Espelette or 1/2 teaspoon dried crushed red pepper; Nonstick vegetable oil spray; 6 1/3-inch-thick slices sweet onion (such as Maui or Vidalia); 6 6-inch-long baguette slices, cut 1/2-inch thick on sharp diagonal; 3 tablespoons butter, room temperature; Fleur de sel*; 18 arugula leaves; 1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil; 1/2 teaspoon fresh lemon juice; 6 lemon wedges | INSTRUCTIONS: Place fish, skin side down, in 13x9x2-inch glass baking dish. Whisk 2 tablespoons olive oil and next 4 ingredients in small bowl. Spread herb mixture over fish. Cover and chill at least 2 hours and up to 8 hours. Spray grill with nonstick spray. Preheat barbecue (medium heat). Brush onion slices with olive oil; sprinkle with salt and pepper. Grill onions until just tender and slightly charred, about 2 minutes per side. Grill bread slices until slightly charred, about 1 minute per side. Spread 1 side of each bread slice with butter. Sprinkle fish with fleur de sel and pepper. Grill fish until j <END>
INPUT: American, fondue, Emmental, Gruyere, all purpose flour, nutmeg, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cheese Fondue | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 pound Emmental (Swiss cheese), coarsely grated (If you do not have a grater, the cheese can be sliced into thin strips.); 1/2 pound Gruyere, coarsely grated; 2 tablespoons all-purpose flour; 1/8 teaspoon ground nutmeg; 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 1 1/2 cups any dry white wine; 1 garlic clove, cut in 1/2; 1 ounces Kirsch (cherry brandy); 1 loaf fresh crusty French, Italian, or sourdough bread, cut into bite-size chunks with 1 edge of crust on each bite | INSTRUCTIONS: Place cheese in a large bowl. Sprinkle flour, nutmeg, and pepper overtop, then toss thoroughly so that the flour evenly coats the cheese. Heat wine in a medium-size pot, over medium-high heat, until tiny bubbles begin to rise to the surface. Slowly add cheese to wine, allowing each handful to melt before adding another. When cheese is fully melted, add Kirsch. Rub the inside of the fondue pot with cut side of garlic clove. Transfer entire mess to the fondue pot and maintain flame hot enough to keep cheese melted but not boiling. Place fondue pot in the center of the table, along with bread, an <END>
INPUT: bars, Crisco® Original No, Pillsbury BEST® All, firmly sugar, salt, tbsps. Crisco® Puritan
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cherry Almond Bars | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Crisco® Original No-Stick Cooking Spray; 1 1/2 cups Pillsbury BEST® All Purpose Flour; 1/4 cup firmly packed brown sugar; 1/8 tsp. salt; 6 tbsps. Crisco® Puritan Canola Oil with Omega-3 DHA; 2 tsps. water; 1/2 tsp. almond extract; 3/4 cup Smucker's® Cherry Sugar Free Preserves or Smucker's® Cherry Preserves; TOPPING:; 1/2 cup chopped almonds; 1/4 cup brown sugar; 2 tbsps. Crisco® Puritan Canola Oil with Omega-3 DHA | INSTRUCTIONS: HEAT oven to 350 degrees F. Line bottom and sides of 8 x 8-inch pan with foil, extending foil over edges of pan. Coat lightly with no-stick cooking spray. STIR together flour, brown sugar and salt until mixed. Add oil, water and almond extract. Combine with fork until mixture resembles coarse crumbs. Pat evenly in bottom of prepared pan. BAKE 15 minutes. SPREAD preserves evenly over warm crust. Mix almonds, brown sugar and oil until mixture resembles coarse crumbs. Sprinkle over top of preserves. BAKE 20 minutes. Cool completely. Lift out of pan using foil. Cut into 16 bars. Store in refrigera <END>
INPUT: salad, balsamic vinegar, olive oil, Dijon mustard, marjoram, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Asparagus Salad with Sweet Balsamic Vinegar | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/3 cup balsamic vinegar; 3 tablespoons olive oil; 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh marjoram or 1 teaspoon dried; 1 teaspoon minced garlic; 2 pounds asparagus, tough ends trimmed, cut on diagonal into 2-inch pieces; 1 small red bell pepper, diced; 1/3 cup chopped pecans, toasted | INSTRUCTIONS: Boil vinegar in heavy small saucepan over medium heat until reduced by half, about 3 minutes. Pour vinegar into large bowl. Whisk in oil, mustard, marjoram and garlic. Season dressing to taste with salt and pepper. Cook asparagus in large pot of boiling salted water until crisp-tender, about 4 minutes. Drain; rinse with cold water and drain again. Add asparagus and bell pepper to dressing; toss to blend well. Sprinkle with pecans and serve. Boil vinegar in heavy small saucepan over medium heat until reduced by half, about 3 minutes. Pour vinegar into large bowl. Whisk in oil, mustard, marjoram <END>
INPUT: French, souffle, strawberry, unsalted butter, sugar, skim milk, cornstarch, vanilla
OUTPUT: TITLE: PB and J: Crunchy Peanut Butter Souffle with Strawberry Sauce | CUISINE: French | INGREDIENTS: 4 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1/4 cup sugar; 1 cup skim milk plus 2 tablespoons; 2 tablespoon cornstarch; 1 teaspoon vanilla; 3 egg yolks; 1/2 cup crunchy peanut butter; 8 egg whites; Pinch of salt; 1 cup water; 1/4 cup sugar; 1 cup fresh strawberries, stemmed, washed, and sliced; Confectioners' sugar for dusting (optional) | INSTRUCTIONS: Spread the butter evenly around the bottom and sides of one large, 2-quart souffle dish. Pour 3 tablespoons of sugar into the mold, and rotate until all sides are covered. Refrigerate. Dilute the cornstarch in the cold milk. In a heavy-bottomed 2-quart sauce pan, bring the milk, the remaining sugar, and the vanilla to a boil. Beat together the egg yolks in a medium bowl. Add a small amount of the hot milk mixture to the beaten eggs. Then add the egg mixture back into the pan with the hot milk. Cook, stirring for 3 to 5 minutes, or until the mixture thickens substantially. Remove the pan from t <END>
INPUT: American, all purpose flour, egg, sugar, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate Pecan Pie | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 1/4 cups all-purpose flour; 10 tablespoons (1 1/4 sticks) unsalted butter, cut into pieces and slightly softened at room temperature; 1 egg; Pinch sugar; 3/4 teaspoon salt; 1 tablespoon cold whole, 1 percent fat, or 1 percent fat milk; 2 eggs; 1/2 cup sugar; 1/2 cup light corn syrup; 4 tablespoons (1/2 stick) unsalted butter, melted; 1 1/2 cups pecan halves, toasted and cooled; 6 ounces semi-sweet chocolate, coarsely chopped or semisweet chocolate morsels | INSTRUCTIONS: Pate Brisee: Mound the flour on a work surface. Using your fingers, make a well in the center. Place the butter, egg, sugar, salt, and milk in the well. Pinch the wet ingredients together with your right hand, then gradually draw the flour into the well with your left, mixing it into the wet ingredients with your right hand as you go. Knead the dough by pushing it in sections against the work surface, pushing firmly away from you and down with the heel of your hand. Gather the dough back up, form into a ball, wrap in waxed paper or plastic wrap, and chill at least 2 hours before using. Roll ou <END>
INPUT: Asian, rolls, Canola oil, shrimp, Salt pepper, garlic, wine
OUTPUT: TITLE: Shrimp and Brussels Sprout Spring Rolls with Sesame Ginger Dipping Sauce | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: Canola oil; 8 ounces shrimp, peeled, deveined and tails removed; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 cloves garlic, smashed and finely chopped; 1/4 cup white wine; 8 ounces Brussels sprouts, thinly sliced; 1 Serrano chile, thinly sliced; 1/4 cup dry roasted peanuts, chopped; 1/4 cup Thai basil, chiffonade; 16 spring roll wrappers; 1 egg, whisked with 1 tablespoon water; Sesame Ginger Dipping Sauce, recipe follows; 1/4 cup soy sauce; 2 tablespoons honey; 2 tablespoons thinly sliced scallions | INSTRUCTIONS: Fill a high-sided, 5-quart pot halfway with canola oil. Preheat the oil over medium heat to 350 degrees F Sprinkle the shrimp on both sides with salt and pepper. Coat a large saute pan with enough oil to coat the bottom and place on medium heat. Add the shrimp and saute, flipping once, until they begin to curl and turn opaque, 1 to 2 minutes. Add the garlic to pan halfway through and cook briefly, making sure not to burn. Deglaze the pan with the white wine and cook off the liquid. Remove from the heat and pour the contents onto a tray to cool. Bring the pan back to the heat and add a little m <END>
INPUT: cakes, regular grits, low sodium chicken, Parchment paper, Vegetable oil, Parmesan
OUTPUT: TITLE: Shrimp and Grits Cakes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups regular grits; 6 cups plus 2/3 cup low-sodium chicken or vegetable stock (amount may vary, depending on grits package directions), divided; Parchment paper; Vegetable oil cooking spray; 1/2 cup grated Parmesan; 1 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1 pound large local shrimp, shelled and deveined; Juice of 1 lemon; Hot pepper sauce, such as Tabasco; 3 slices thick-cut bacon, cut in 1/2-inch dice; 1/3 cup diced red bell pepper; 3/4 cup chopped scallions; 2 tablespoons unbleached all-purpose flour; 1/4 cup dry white wine or additional stock; 1/3 cup chopped fresh parsley | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook grits as directed on package, using about 6 cups stock instead of water. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper; coat paper with cooking spray. Stir Parmesan and butter into grits; season with salt and black pepper. Pour grits onto sheet; smooth into an even layer. Cover and refrigerate until very firm, at least 2 1/2 hours or overnight. Use a 2-inch biscuit or round cookie cutter to cut out 16 cakes; cover cakes and refrigerate. A half hour before serving, heat oven to 300°. In a bowl, toss shrimp with juice and a few shakes of hot pepper sauce. In a large skillet, sauté bacon and bell <END>
INPUT: Italian, sauce, olive oil, chicken breasts, onions, cilantro, pecans
OUTPUT: TITLE: Linguine with Chicken and Spicy Pesto Sauce | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1 pound skinless boneless chicken breasts, cut into 1/3-inch-wide strips; 3 green onions, thinly sliced; 1/3 cup chopped fresh cilantro; 1/3 cup chopped pecans, toasted; 1 tablespoon minced garlic; 2 teaspoons minced seeded jalapeño; 1/4 teaspoon dried crushed red pepper; 1/2 cup purchased pesto; 12 ounces linguine; Additional chopped fresh cilantro; Freshly grated Parmesan cheese | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat oil in heavy large skillet over medium-high heat. Season chicken with salt and pepper. Add chicken to skillet and sauté until cooked through and beginning to brown, about 3 minutes. Using slotted spoon, transfer chicken to bowl. Add green onions, 1/3 cup cilantro, pecans, garlic, jalapeño and dried red pepper to same skillet. Sauté until green onions wilt, about 2 minutes. Add pesto, chicken and any accumulated juices; stir to blend. Remove from heat. Meanwhile, cook linguine in large pot of boiling salted water until tender but still firm to bite. Drain, reserving 1/4 cup cooking liquid. <END>
INPUT: Indian, crusted, panko breadcrumbs, mustard seeds, coriander seeds, parsley, Salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Coriander and Mustard Seed Crusted Salmon | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup panko breadcrumbs; 1 tablespoon crushed mustard seeds; 2 teaspoons cracked coriander seeds; 1 tablespoon minced fresh parsley; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1/4 cup Dijon mustard; 1/2 cup plain yogurt; 1/4 cup sour cream; 1/4 cup fresh watercress, minced; 2 tablespoons rice wine vinegar; 1 tablespoon thinly sliced fresh mint; 1 teaspoon minced garlic; Six 6 to 7-ounce salmon fillets, with skin; 2 tablespoons grapeseed oil; Fresh herbs, for garnish, optional | INSTRUCTIONS: For the crust: In a bowl, blend the panko, mustard seeds, coriander seeds and parsley together. Season with salt and pepper. For the wash: In a second bowl, blend the mustard with 1/2 cup water, whisking well to blend. For the sauce: Whisk the yogurt, sour cream, watercress, vinegar, mint and garlic in a bowl. To ensure the spices are blended, scrape the sides and whisk a second time. Hold at room temperature if using within 30 minutes, or refrigerate for future usage. For the salmon: Coat the salmon with the wash, and then finish the top side (skin side) with the crust. Repeat the process wit <END>
INPUT: Mexican, dressing, chiles, carrots, piece ginger, shallots, soy sauce, rice wine vinegar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Iceberg Lettuce with Carrot Ginger Soy Dressing with Cilantro and Red Thai Chiles | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2 medium carrots, peeled, ends trimmed and sliced; 2-inch piece ginger, peeled and roughly chopped; 2 shallots, peeled and sliced; 3 tablespoons soy sauce; 1/4 cup rice wine vinegar; 1/4 cup water; 1 tablespoon superfine sugar; 3 tablespoons vegetable oil; 1 teaspoon salt; 1 large head Iceberg lettuce, quartered and cored; Freshly chopped cilantro leaves, for garnish; 1 large red Thai chile, seeded, deveined and thinly sliced, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine the carrots, ginger, shallots, soy sauce, vinegar, water, sugar, and vegetable oil in a blender and puree until dressing becomes a slightly thick sauce. Season with the salt. Break the Iceberg wedges a bit to open them up and pour the dressing over top. Finish with cilantro and chile. <END>
INPUT: American, burger, onions, fat garlic, vegetable oil, Ranch dressing
OUTPUT: TITLE: Blue Cheese Stuffed Buffalo Chicken Burger | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 and 1/2 pounds lean, ground chicken; 3 large green onions, white and light green part only, roughly chopped; 1 fat clove garlic, minced or pressed; 2 teaspoons vegetable oil; Prepared Ranch dressing; Salt; Bottled Buffalo sauce (whichever brand you prefer); 1/2 cup crumbled blue cheese | INSTRUCTIONS: 1) Mix the ground chicken with green onions and garlic. Cover with foil and refrigerate for at least 1 hour, but up to 24 hours. 2) When you are ready to eat: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Wet your hands with cool water and gather 1/8 of the chicken mixture. Shape it into a sort of nest and place one heaping tablespoon of blue cheese into the center, then cover with 1/8 more chicken and shape into a patty. Repeat with the remaining chicken. You will have 4 burgers. They can be placed back into the fridge for up to a day (in which case, turn the oven off), or cook immediately. Drizzle a sc <END>
INPUT: barber, pork belly, cure mix, rich chicken stock
OUTPUT: TITLE: Dan Barber's Pork Belly | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 pork belly (approximately 6 lbs); 2 cups cure mix; 2 quarts rich chicken stock (water can be substituted) | INSTRUCTIONS: Rub the pork belly with the dry cure and refrigerate for 3 days. On day 3, rinse the pork belly and place in a casserole pan as close to the size of the belly as possible. Preheat the oven to 200°F. Cover belly with rich chicken stock and cover pan. Place in oven and cook overnight, about 7 hours. Remove belly from braising liquid, drain, and cut into serving pieces. To serve, sear the fat side of the belly until crispy. Rub the pork belly with the dry cure and refrigerate for 3 days. On day 3, rinse the pork belly and place in a casserole pan as close to the size of the belly as possible. Pre <END>
INPUT: heavy whipping cream, half half, nonfat milk powder, egg yolks, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Bourbon Ice Cream | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups heavy whipping cream; 2 cups half and half; 1/2 cup nonfat dry milk powder; 6 large egg yolks; 1/2 cup sugar; 1/4 cup (packed) dark brown sugar; 1/4 teaspoon coarse kosher salt; 5 tablespoons bourbon; 1 tablespoon vanilla extract; Special equipment: Ice cream maker | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring first 3 ingredients to simmer in heavy large saucepan over medium-high heat, stirring until milk powder dissolves completely. Remove from heat. Combine egg yolks, sugar, brown sugar, and coarse salt in large bowl; whisk until thick and blended. Gradually whisk hot cream mixture into yolk mixture. Return mixture to same saucepan. Stir over medium-low heat until custard thickens enough to leave path on back of spoon when finger is drawn across and temperature registers 175°F to 178°F, about 3 minutes. Remove from heat. Mix in bourbon and vanilla extract. Refrigerate custard uncovered until <END>
INPUT: American, cheesecake, cranberry, all purpose flour, sugar, salt, butter, egg yolk
OUTPUT: TITLE: White Chocolate Orange Cheesecake with Cranberry Compote | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup all-purpose flour; 1/4 cup sugar; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 8 tablespoons butter, chilled and cut into small pieces; 1 egg yolk; 1 teaspoon vanilla; 1 teaspoon orange zest; 2 tablespoons water; 2 pounds softened cream cheese; 1 1/4 cups sugar; 4 eggs; 1 tablespoon vanilla extract; 1 teaspoon orange zest; 6 ounces white chocolate, melted; 6 cups cranberries, fresh or frozen | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Use a food processor or by hand, mix the flour, sugar, and salt in a bowl. Add the butter pieces and mix until it resembles small pea size pieces. Add the yolk, vanilla, and zest, and mix until it forms a ball. Add the water to help dough come together. Form the dough into a disk and refrigerate for 30 minutes. Press the dough into the bottom of a springform pan and bake for about 20 minutes until golden brown and set aside. For the filling, use a mixer with a paddle attachment. Cream the cheese with the sugar on low speed. Add the eggs 1 at a time until smoo <END>
INPUT: rosti, rose, smoked salmon, russet potatoes, ghee vegetable oil, chives, Creme fraiche
OUTPUT: TITLE: Potato Rosti with a Smoked Salmon Rose | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 8 ounces thinly sliced smoked salmon, cut lengthwise into 1/2-inch-thick slices; 3 large russet potatoes (1 3/4 pounds); 1/3 cup ghee or vegetable oil; 1/4 cup sliced fresh chives; Creme fraiche, lemon wedges, capers and diced red onion, for serving | INSTRUCTIONS: Line a baking sheet with parchment paper. Line up 3 strips of salmon, making sure they overlap at least 1/2-inch at the ends. Starting from one end, roll the salmon into a pinwheel and set aside. Line another 3 pieces up the same way. Take the first pinwheel, and starting from one end of the salmon strip, roll it up again. Repeat this step 2 more times, then put the salmon flower on the prepared baking sheet. With the remaining salmon, gently form more petals by wrapping them around the perimeter of the salmon flower on the baking sheet. Cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate. Peel the potato <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, mini, cakes, unsalted butter, all purpose flour, granulated sugar, lemon zest, eggs
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mini Olive Oil Cakes with Lemon Glaze | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, melted; 1 cup all-purpose flour, plus more for dusting; 1 1/3 cups granulated sugar; 2 tablespoons grated lemon zest (from 2 lemons); 2 large eggs; 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 2/3 cup whole milk; 1/2 teaspoon baking powder; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1 teaspoon finely minced fresh thyme, plus sprigs for garnish; 1 1/2 cups confectioners' sugar; 2 1/2 to 3 tablespoons lemon juice (from 1 to 2 lemons); 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted | INSTRUCTIONS: Position a rack in the middle of the oven; preheat to 350 degrees. Prepare the cakes: Brush a 6- or 12-cup mini Bundt or muffin pan with the melted butter. Lightly dust with flour and shake out the excess. Pulse the granulated sugar and lemon zest in a blender until combined. Add the eggs one at a time, then gradually pour in the olive oil and milk, pulsing until emulsified into a thin batter, about 30 seconds. Don't overblend or the cakes will be too puffy. Whisk 1 cup flour, the baking powder, salt and 1 teaspoon thyme in a small bowl. Add to the blender in 2 batches, pulsing lightly until j <END>
INPUT: Italian, pizza, olive oil, bell pepper, capellini, Tomato sauce, milk mozzarella
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pasta "Pizza" | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon olive oil; 1 small green bell pepper, sliced into thin rings; 2 cups cooked capellini (angel hair pasta); Tomato sauce, store-bought; 1/4 pound whole-milk mozzarella, thinly sliced; 10 thin slices pepperoni; Fresh basil sprigs, for garnish; 1 pound capellini (angel hair pasta); 1 tablespoon butter; Salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: In a non-stick skillet, measuring 10-inches across the bottom heat the oil over moderate heat until it is hot but not smoking, in it cook the bell pepper rings for 30 seconds on each side, or until they are crisp-tender, and transfer them with tongs to a plate. To the skillet add the capellini, distributing it evenly and pressing it lightly with a lid that fits into the pan, touching the pasta directly, and cook it, over moderate heat for 25 minutes, or until the bottom is golden. Invert an oiled baking sheet over the skillet, invert the capellini crust onto the sheet, and slide it back into t <END>
INPUT: omelet, egg whites, Kosher salt, pepper, virgin olive oil, blueberries
OUTPUT: TITLE: Egg White Omelet with Blueberries and Creme Fraiche | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 egg whites; Kosher salt; Freshly ground black pepper; 1 teaspoon extra-virgin olive oil; 1/2 cup fresh blueberries; 1 tablespoon creme fraiche; Fresh dill, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. In a medium bowl, whisk together the egg whites until they are foamy. Season with salt and pepper, to taste, and whisk again to blend. Heat a small nonstick skillet over medium-high heat and add the oil. When the oil is warm, pour in the egg whites. As the eggs set, lift the edges with a heat proof spatula and let the uncooked egg run to the bottom of the pan. When the omelet is cooked through, top with the blueberries. Slide the omelet onto a plate, top with the creme fraiche, and garnish with dill. <END>
INPUT: Italian, salad, slender beans, salt, potatoes, lemon juice, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tuna and Green Bean Salad | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 pounds slender green beans, trimmed, halved crosswise; 3 teaspoons salt, plus more to taste; 2 large red potatoes, diced; 1/3 cup freshly squeezed lemon juice; 2 garlic cloves, finely chopped; 1/3 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 1 teaspoon dried oregano; 3/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 8 ounces cherry tomatoes, halved; 1/2 cup chopped fresh basil leaves; 1/4 cup chopped fresh Italian parsley leaves; 9 ounces canned tuna packed in oil, drained | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook the green beans in a large pot of boiling water until crisp-tender, stirring occasionally, about 4 minutes. Using a mesh strainer, transfer the green beans to a large bowl of ice water to cool completely. Drain the green beans and pat dry with a towel. Add 2 teaspoons of salt to the same cooking liquid and bring the liquid to a simmer. Add the potatoes to the simmering liquid and cook until they are just tender but still hold their shape, about 8 to 10 minutes. Transfer the potatoes to the ice water to cool completely. Drain the potatoes and pat dry with a towel. In a small bowl, whisk th <END>
INPUT: Asian, bread, pudding, sugar pumpkin kabocha, virgin olive oil, eggs, light sugar, cinnamon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pumpkin-Ginger Bread Pudding | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1 4-pound sugar pumpkin or kabocha squash; Extra-virgin olive oil, for brushing; 4 large eggs; 1 cup packed light brown sugar; 1 1/2 teaspoons ground cinnamon; 1/4 teaspoon ground nutmeg; 1/4 teaspoon ground allspice; 2 cups heavy cream; 1 1/2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract; 1 loaf cinnamon brioche, challah or plain pound cake, diced (about 10 cups); 1/2 cup golden raisins; 1/4 cup diced crystallized ginger; Confectioners' sugar, for garnish (optional) | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Cut the pumpkin or squash into quarters and remove the seeds. Brush the insides with a little olive oil and arrange on a baking sheet, skin-side up. Roast in the oven until the pumpkin or squash is soft all the way through, about 1 hour. Remove from the oven and let cool. Discard the skin and puree the flesh in a food processor. (The puree can be prepared 1 or 2 days ahead.) Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. In a large bowl, combine 2 1/2 cups of the pumpkin or squash puree, the eggs, brown sugar and spices. Whisk in the cream and vanilla. Combine the bread, <END>
INPUT: turnovers, apple, cranberries, apple jelly, cornstarch, cinnamon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Apple Turnovers | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 large apple, peeled, cored, and cut into 1/4-inch dice; 3 tablespoons dried cranberries; 3 tablespoons apple jelly, heated; 1 tablespoon cornstarch; 1/8 teaspoon cinnamon; 1 frozen puff pastry sheet (from a 17 1/4-ounce package), thawed; 1 large egg, lightly beaten; 2 tablespoons cold unsalted butter, cut into bits; 1 tablespoon sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: Put oven rack in lower third of oven and preheat oven to 400°F. Butter a large baking sheet. Stir together apple, cranberries, jelly, cornstarch, and cinnamon in a bowl. Roll out pastry on a lightly floured surface into a 12- by 9-inch rectangle. Cut into 6 roughly 4-inch squares. Divide apple mixture among squares, leaving a 1-inch border, and lightly brush egg on border. Dot filling with butter. Fold each pastry into a triangle, enclosing filling, and crimp edges with a fork. Cut 2 small steam vents in top of each turnover. Brush tops lightly with more egg and sprinkle with sugar. Bake on ba <END>
INPUT: rack lamb bones, Emeril's Creole Seasoning, plain breadcrumbs, rosemary, virgin olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Rack of Lamb with Apple-Mint Puree | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 rack of lamb with 8 bones (about 2 pounds), excess fat trimmed; 1 tablespoons plus 1/2 teaspoon Emeril's Creole Seasoning, recipe follows; 3/4 cup plain breadcrumbs; 2 teaspoons chopped fresh rosemary; 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 1/4 cup Creole or other whole-grain mustard; Apple-Mint Puree, recipe follows, for serving; 4 sprigs fresh mint, for garnish, optional; 5 tablespoons sweet paprika; 1/4 cup salt; 1/4 cup garlic powder; 2 tablespoons freshly ground black pepper; 2 tablespoons onion powder; 2 tablespoons cayenne pepper; 2 tablespoons dried oregano | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Line a rimmed baking sheet with parchment paper. Season the lamb rack on all sides with 1 tablespoon of Emeril's Creole Seasoning; set aside. In a small bowl, combine the breadcrumbs, remaining 1/2 teaspoon Emeril's Creole Seasoning, the rosemary, and oil, and mix until all the crumbs are moist. Set aside. Heat a 14-inch skillet over medium heat until hot. Place the lamb rack, fat side down, in the pan, and brown well. Give each side a good sear, 5 to 10 minutes in total. Remove the skillet from the heat. When the rack is cool e <END>
INPUT: salad, mixed greens, walnuts, vinaigrette
OUTPUT: TITLE: Green Salad with Toasted Walnuts | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 pounds mixed greens; 1 cup toasted walnuts; 1 cup vinaigrette | INSTRUCTIONS: Toss salad with vinaigrette, sprinkle with toasted walnuts.; <END>
INPUT: sauce, unsalted butter, walnuts, sugar, dark rum
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sauteed Pineapple with Rum Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 (3- to 4-pound) pineapple (labeled "extra sweet"), trimmed, peeled, and quartered lengthwise; 5 1/2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1/2 cup walnuts (2 ounces), coarsely chopped; 1/4 cup sugar; 2 tablespoons dark rum | INSTRUCTIONS: Cut off and discard core from pineapple quarters, then cut each quarter lengthwise into 5 pieces. Heat 1/2 tablespoon butter in a 12-inch heavy skillet over moderate heat until just melted, then add walnuts and cook, stirring, until a shade darker, about 2 minutes. Transfer walnuts with a slotted spoon to paper towels to drain and wipe skillet clean. Heat 1 tablespoon butter in skillet over moderately high heat until foam subsides, then sauté one third of pineapple, turning over occasionally, until golden, 4 to 5 minutes. Transfer to a platter. Sauté remaining pineapple in 2 batches in same ma <END>
INPUT: gazpacho, brochette, almonds, water, bread crumbs, verjus, seedless grapes
OUTPUT: TITLE: White Gazpacho and Lobster Brochette | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cups sliced almonds; 1 3/4 cups water; 1 1/2 cups bread crumbs (white bread); 3 ounces verjus (white); 3/4 cup white seedless grapes; 2 1/2 ounces cucumber juice; 1 teaspoon sherry vinegar; Dash almond extract; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 4 (1 1/2 pound) lobsters; 1 teaspoon olive oil; 1/2 teaspoon grated lemon zest; Dash cayenne pepper; Salt and freshly ground black pepper to taste; 3 tablespoons chopped chives | INSTRUCTIONS: For the gazpacho: Grind the almonds in blender or food processor using a portion of the pre-measured water to help puree the almonds. You will need to repeat this several times until the mixture is milky in appearance, pureeing for approximately 3 minutes. Combine the remaining ingredients with the pureed almonds. Process this in a blender or food processor in batches until smooth. Strain thoroughly and chill for at least 1 hour. For the lobster: Blanch the lobsters in a pot of boiling water for 2 to 3 minutes. Remove the lobsters from water and let cool. Preheat a grill pan on medium heat for <END>
INPUT: Indian, goan, spice, largish, cumin seeds, coriander seeds, peppercorns
OUTPUT: TITLE: Goan Red Spice Paste | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 2 largish, mild, fresh red chiles, deseeded; 1 tsp cumin seeds; 1 1/2 tsp coriander seeds; 3 cloves; 6 black peppercorns; 3/4 tsp ground turmeric; 9 large cloves of garlic, peeled; 1/2-inch slice of fresh ginger, peeled; 1 1/2-inch piece of cinnamon; 1 tsp tamarind paste; 3/4 tsp sugar; 3/4 tsp salt; 1/3 cup white wine vinegar | INSTRUCTIONS: Blend all the ingredients together to make a fine paste. Store in a sterilized jar in the fridge for 1 week. Blend all the ingredients together to make a fine paste. Store in a sterilized jar in the fridge for 1 week. <END>
INPUT: roulade, white, Salt, pepper, prosciutto ham, leaves spinach
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken Roulade Stuffed with Prosciutto, Spinach and Sun-Dried Tomatoes with White Truffle Potatoes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 (6-ounce) boneless chicken breasts, skin on; Salt; Freshly ground black pepper; 6 slices prosciutto ham; 18 leaves fresh spinach; 24 pieces sun-dried tomatoes; 1 teaspoon chopped garlic; 1/4 cup red wine; 2 cups beef stock; 1/4 cup tomato puree; 1 cup demi-glace (brown sauce); 3 to 6 whole eggs, as needed; 1 to 2 cups half-and-half, as needed; 2 cups all-purpose flour, or as needed; 2 cups Italian flavored breadcrumbs, or as needed | INSTRUCTIONS: Lay a long piece of plastic wrap over your cutting board and tuck it underneath the sides of the board. (Covering the chicken with the plastic will also keep the mess down when you pound with the meat mallet.) The chicken breasts should be placed on the covered cutting board, skin side down, with enough space between them so they can lay flat after you "butterfly" them. To make the butterfly cut, carefully slice open (without slicing the chicken all the way through) and spread the flesh of the chicken out so you will be able to pound it out into a single thin piece on which you will place stuf <END>
INPUT: giuseppe, Olive oil, Flour, Salt pepper, Four veal fillets, spicy Italian sausage
OUTPUT: TITLE: Veal Giuseppe | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Olive oil, for drizzling; Flour, for coating; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; Four 4-ounce thinly sliced veal fillets, pounded thin; 3 ounces spicy Italian sausage, cooked and sliced; 1 ounce diced red onions; 1 ounce sliced cherry peppers; 1 ounce diced roasted red sweet peppers; 1 tablespoon capers; 1 teaspoon minced garlic; 5 pitted kalamata olives, halved; 1/2 cup chicken stock; 1 tablespoon butter | INSTRUCTIONS: Drizzle some olive oil in a pan set over medium heat. Dip the veal in some flour, then place in the hot oil. Sprinkle the veal with salt and pepper and cook until golden brown, about 2 minutes. Flip the veal and add the cooked sausage, onions, cherry peppers, sweet peppers, capers, garlic and olives. Add the chicken stock and butter, and cook until the sauce reduces, 4 to 5 minutes. Plate the veal with some sauce and serve. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, gratine, sabayon, dozen shucked oysters, Sea rock salt, butter, leeks, ponzu
OUTPUT: TITLE: Oyster-Leek Gratine with Ponzu Sabayon Kaffir Lime-Smoked Salmon Rillette | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2 dozen shucked oysters (large blue points), on the half shell; Sea or rock salt, for baking; 1 tablespoon butter; 2 leeks, white part julienned; 1/2 cup ponzu plus 1 teaspoon; 4 egg yolks; Salt and pepper, to taste; Canola oil, for cooking; 2 large shallots, sliced; 5 kaffir lime leaves, shredded; 1 teaspoon minced ginger; 1 cup heavy cream; 8 ounces smoked salmon, roughly chopped; 1 lime, juiced, zest finely minced; 2 tablespoons chopped chives, plus extra for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 500 degrees. Lay the oysters on a bed of sea or rock salt on a sheet/baking tray. In a saute pan, melt butter on high heat and saute leeks until soft, about 3 to 4 minutes. Season. Deglaze with ponzu and reduce by 50 percent. Check again for seasoning. Remove from pan and let cool. Fill a small saucepan half way with water and bring to a boil. Place yolks in a small stainless bowl that will fit on top of the sauce pan (bain marie set up). Whisk the yolks and 1 teaspoon of ponzu over the hot water. Be careful not to overcook the yolks by removing the bowl periodically from the h <END>
INPUT: American, flank steak, wine, good olive oil, Dijon mustard, Kosher salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mustard-Marinated Flank Steak | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 flank steak (2 to 2 1/2 pounds); 1/3 cup dry white wine; 1/3 cup good olive oil; 1/3 cup Dijon mustard; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1/3 cup chopped shallots (2 shallots); 1 tablespoon minced garlic (3 cloves); 2 tablespoons coarsely chopped fresh tarragon leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: Place the steak flat in a large nonreactive dish such as glass or porcelain. Using the tip of a sharp knife, lightly score the top of the steak diagonally in a large crisscross pattern to make what looks like 1-inch diamonds across the steak. This allows the marinade to penetrate into the meat. In a 2-cup measuring cup, whisk together the wine, olive oil, mustard, 1 teaspoon salt, and 1/2 teaspoon pepper. Stir in the shallots and garlic. Pour the marinade over and under the steak until it¿s completely coated. Scatter the tarragon on top. Cover the dish with plastic wrap and allow it to marinat <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, sauce, onion, garlic, oregano, hot pepper flakes, olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Baked Orzo with Shrimp, Tomato Sauce, and Feta | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 1 medium onion, finely chopped; 3 garlic cloves, minced; 1/2 teaspoon dried oregano, crumbled; 1/4 teaspoon dried hot red pepper flakes; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1/2 cup dry white wine; 1 (28- to 32-oz) can crushed tomatoes; 1 teaspoon salt; 1 1/2 lb large shrimp (about 36), shelled and deveined; 1 lb orzo (rice-shaped pasta); 1/2 cup Kalamata or other brine-cured black olives, pitted and chopped; 1 lb feta, patted dry and crumbled (3 cups) | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 425°F. Cook onion, garlic, oregano, and red pepper flakes in 1 tablespoon oil in a 4-quart heavy pot over moderately high heat, stirring, until onion is softened, about 3 minutes. Add wine and boil until reduced by half, about 3 minutes. Stir in tomatoes and salt, then reduce heat and simmer briskly, stirring frequently, until slightly thickened, about 8 minutes. Stir shrimp into sauce and simmer, stirring occasionally, until shrimp are just cooked through, about 3 minutes. While sauce and shrimp are cooking, cook orzo in a 6-quart pot of boiling salted water (see Tips, page 20 <END>
INPUT: wrapped, sugar, paprika, cayenne pepper, bacon, cocktail franks
OUTPUT: TITLE: Bacon-Wrapped Smokies | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup brown sugar; 2 tablespoons paprika; 1/2 teaspoon cayenne pepper; One 16-ounce package bacon; One 13-ounce package cocktail franks, such as Lit'l Smokies | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: 48 toothpicks, soaked in water for 15 minutes Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. In a large bowl, combine the brown sugar, paprika and cayenne pepper and mix well. Set aside. Slice the bacon strips into thirds. Wrap each frank with a piece of bacon, secure with a toothpick and place on a baking sheet. Repeat with the remaining franks and bacon. Thoroughly coat each bacon-wrapped frank in the brown sugar mixture and place back on the baking sheet. Bake until the bacon is crispy, 12 to 15 minutes. The rub has a lot of sugar in it, so make sure to turn halfway through the cooki <END>
INPUT: bubble, squeak, chicken stock, apple juice, onion, Cajun seasoning, hickory smoked bacon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Collard Greens Bubble and Squeak | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 gallon chicken stock; 3 cups apple juice; 1 cup small diced yellow onion; 1 tablespoon Cajun seasoning; 6 slices hickory smoked bacon, diced; 4 heads collard greens, rinsed; 3 pounds peeled potatoes, medium dice; 1/2 cup all-purpose flour; 4 ounces unsalted butter; 1 tablespoon salt; 1 teaspoon white pepper; 1/4 cup grapeseed or vegetable oil | INSTRUCTIONS: For the collards: Add the stock, apple juice, onions, Cajun seasoning, bacon and collard greens in a large pot. Bring to a boil over high heat, then reduce the heat to medium and simmer for 1 hour. Then remove from the heat and drain the liquid from the pot, and allow the collards to cool. For the potatoes: In a large pot bring 1 gallon of water to a boil, then add the potatoes and cook until softened, 15 to 18 minutes. Then drain. Press the potatoes, half of the flour and the butter through a food mill or ricer into a bowl. Next add the salt and white pepper, then blend with a whisk. Taste an <END>
INPUT: Mexican, fied, snack, salsa, lightly salted rice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Salsa-fied Tuna Snack | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 (2.6-ounce) packet albacore tuna packed in water, drained; 3 tablespoons prepared salsa; 2 lightly salted rice cakes | INSTRUCTIONS: Empty drained tuna into a bowl. Add the salsa and mix well. Evenly top rice cakes with the tuna-salsa mixture. Enjoy! <END>
INPUT: chowder, butter, oil, mixed scallion, dozen oysters, dozen clams
OUTPUT: TITLE: Clam and Oyster Chowder | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 tablespoons butter; 1 teaspoon oil; 1 tablespoon mixed scallion, garlic and onion, chopped; 1 dozen raw oysters, cut up; 1 dozen raw clams, cut up; 3 cups light cream; Salt, cayenne pepper; 1/4 cup chopped parsley | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat in a pan 2 tablespoons butter and oil. Add the scallion, garlic and onion. Cook slowly for two minutes, then add cut-up oysters and clams. Pour on the cream and season with the salt and cayenne pepper. Bring very lightly to a boil, then add bit by bit the remaining butter and the chopped parsley. Simmer for a few minutes and serve. Heat in a pan 2 tablespoons butter and oil. Add the scallion, garlic and onion. Cook slowly for two minutes, then add cut-up oysters and clams. Pour on the cream and season with the salt and cayenne pepper. Bring very lightly to a boil, then add bit by bit the  <END>
INPUT: Italian, hot Italian Sausage, Locatelli Romano cheesee, bread crumbs, Salt pepper taste, egg
OUTPUT: TITLE: Stuffed Banana Peppers | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound hot ground Italian Sausage, roasted and chopped fine; 1/2 cup Locatelli Romano cheesee; 1/2 cup bread crumbs; Salt and pepper to taste; 1 large egg; Olive oil to saute; 4 banana peppers (Hungarian hots or mild as preferred); 1 cup marinara sauce, heated for service; Wedge dry ricotta cheese | INSTRUCTIONS: Mix sausage, cheese, breadcrumbs, salt and pepper, and egg together in mixing bowl. Season to taste. Adjust mixture with additional cheese and bread crumbs if too dry or moist - medium moisture for stuffing desired. Make a radial slice around the top of the banana pepper leaving the top intact. Pull back top and remove seeds if desired. Gently stuff mixture into peppers. Place olive oil in hot saute pan. Gently place peppers in the pan and fry each side until browned. Place marinara sauce in middle of plate. Arrange peppers on top of marinara and grate the dry ricotta cheese on top of the hot  <END>
INPUT: creamed, shallots, garlic, bell pepper, corn kernels
OUTPUT: TITLE: Bourbon Creamed Corn | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup (1/2 stick) butter; 1 cup chopped shallots (about 4 large); 3 garlic cloves, minced; 1 large red bell pepper, coarsely chopped; 3 cups fresh corn kernels (cut from about 5 medium ears); 2/3 cup whipping cream, divided; 1/4 cup bourbon; 1 1/4 cups chopped green onions (about 6), divided | INSTRUCTIONS: Melt butter in heavy large skillet over medium-high heat. Add shallots and garlic; sauté 2 minutes. Add red bell pepper; sauté 1 minute. Add corn; sauté until almost tender, about 2 minutes. Add 1/3 cup cream and bourbon. Simmer until sauce thickly coats corn, stirring occasionally, about 2 minutes. Add remaining 1/3 cup cream and 1 cup green onions. Simmer until sauce thickens enough to coat corn thinly, about 2 minutes longer. Season creamed corn to taste with salt and pepper. Transfer to bowl; sprinkle with remaining 1/4 cup green onions and serve. Melt butter in heavy large skillet over me <END>
INPUT: roast, loaves homemade bread, butter, salt, pepper, celery seed
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken Roast | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 loaves homemade bread; 1 pound butter; 1 1/2 teaspoons salt; 1/2 teaspoon pepper; 1 teaspoon celery seed; 3/4 cup celery, chopped, optional; Meat from a whole chicken, stewed and removed from bones | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Crumble the bread by hand into a large mixing bowl. Melt the butter, then pour it over the bread crumbs. Add the seasonings and chopped celery. Then mix with the deboned chicken chunks. Turn into a large roast pan and bake covered for a half-hour to an hour, until heated through. Dampen with water around the edge if it begins dry out. Stir often to prevent sticking. Giblet Gravy: Cover heart, neck and gizzard from chicken with about 5 to 6 cups salted water, bring to a boil and cook until tender, about 1 hour. Add liver and cook an additional 10 minutes. Lift mea <END>
INPUT: soup, vichyssoise, butter, leeks, potatoes, Salt pepper, water
OUTPUT: TITLE: Potato Leek Soup (Vichyssoise) | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons butter; 3 cups leeks, sliced and washed; 4 cups potatoes, peeled and diced; Salt and pepper; 8 cups water; 2 cup heavy cream | INSTRUCTIONS: In large pot melt butter. Add leeks and cook over medium heat, stirring occasionally. Add potatoes and season with salt and pepper. Add water and bring to a simmer. Cook until vegetables are tender. Place 3/4 of soup into a blender and puree, return to pot and stir in cream. Serve hot or cold. <END>
INPUT: American, spiced, layer, all purpose flour, baking soda, baking powder, ginger, cardamom
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spiced Layer Cake with Orange Cream Cheese Frosting | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups all purpose flour; 1 teaspoon baking soda; 1 teaspoon baking powder; 1 teaspoon ground ginger; 1 teaspoon ground cardamom; 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1 teaspoon ground nutmeg; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 2 cups sugar; 1 cup (2 sticks) unsalted butter, room temperature; 1 tablespoon grated orange peel; 4 large eggs; 1 cup sour cream; 1/2 cup whole milk; Orange Cream Cheese Frosting | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350°F. Butter three 9-inch-diameter cake pans. Line bottom of pans with waxed paper. Butter and flour pans; tap out excess flour. Sift first 8 ingredients into medium bowl. Using electric mixer, beat sugar, butter and orange peel in large bowl until fluffy. Beat in eggs 1 at a time. Stir flour mixture into butter mixture alternately with sour cream and milk. Divide batter among prepared pans. Bake cakes until tester inserted into center comes out clean, about 25 minutes. Transfer pans to racks and cool 10 minutes. Turn cakes out onto racks and cool completely. (Can be made 1 da <END>
INPUT: mini, sandwiches, mayonnaise, lemon juice, lemon peel, chili powder, crabmeat
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Crab and Shrimp Mini Sandwiches | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup mayonnaise; 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice; 1/2 teaspoon finely grated lemon peel; 1/2 teaspoon chili powder; 1 cup chopped fresh crabmeat; 1 cup chopped cooked shrimp; 1/2 cup finely chopped celery; 1/2 cup finely chopped onion; 8 slices firm white sandwich bread; 1/4 cup (1/2 stick) unsalted butter, melted; Chopped fresh Italian parsley | INSTRUCTIONS: Whisk mayonnaise and next 3 ingredients in medium bowl. Gently mix in crabmeat, shrimp, celery, and onion. Season filling with salt and pepper. Arrange 4 bread slices on work surface. Spread 1/4 of filling on each slice (about 1/2 cup). Top filling with bread slice; press to adhere. Brush top bread slice of each sandwich with melted butter. Place large griddle over 2 burners. Heat griddle over medium heat. Place sandwiches, buttered side down, on griddle. Cook until bottom is golden brown, 6 to 7 minutes. Brush top of each sandwich with melted butter. Using metal spatula, turn sandwiches over. <END>
INPUT: French, dijon, c. mustard seeds, c. wine, c. water, c. wine vinegar, c. mustard
OUTPUT: TITLE: Dijon-Style Mustard | CUISINE: French | INGREDIENTS: 1 c. yellow or brown mustard seeds, or a blend of the two; 1 1/2 c. dry white wine; 1 c. water; 1/2 c. white wine vinegar; 1/4 c. dry mustard; 1 Tbsp onion powder; 1 tsp salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Soak the mustard seeds: Combine all ingredients in a quart jar or other sealable nonreactive container. Seal and refrigerate overnight, or up to 24 hours, shaking occasionally to distribute. Prepare the jars and lids: Wash all jars and lids thoroughly with soap and water and rinse well. Fill your canner with enough water to cover the jars by at least 1 inch and bring to a simmer. Using a pair of canning tongs, lower the jars in gently, tilting them to fill with the hot water. In a small saucepan, keep some water warm but not boiling; place the lids in the water. Have an additional kettle of wa <END>
INPUT: skinned potatoes, good olive oil, kosher salt, pepper, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Rosemary Roasted Potatoes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 pounds small red or white-skinned potatoes (or a mixture); 1/8 cup good olive oil; 3/4 teaspoon kosher salt; 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 1 tablespoons minced garlic (3 cloves); 2 tablespoons minced fresh rosemary leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Cut the potatoes in half or quarters and place in a bowl with the olive oil, salt, pepper, garlic and rosemary; toss until the potatoes are well coated. Dump the potatoes on a baking sheet and spread out into 1 layer; roast in the oven for at least 1 hour, or until browned and crisp. Flip twice with a spatula during cooking to ensure even browning. Remove the potatoes from the oven, season to taste, and serve. <END>
INPUT: lassi, mango, low fat yogurt, sugar, milk, lemon juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mango Lassi | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 cup peeled and chopped mango; 3/4 cup low-fat yogurt; 3 tablespoons sugar; 1/4 cup milk; 1/2 teaspoon lemon juice; 1/4 cup mango sorbet; 9 to 10 ice cubes | INSTRUCTIONS: Purée the mango with the yogurt and sugar in a blender. Add the milk, lemon juice, and sorbet and blend until smooth. Add 1/3 cup cold water and the ice and blend to the desired consistency. Pour into a tall glass or two small glasses. Serve with a straw. Purée the mango with the yogurt and sugar in a blender. Add the milk, lemon juice, and sorbet and blend until smooth. Add 1/3 cup cold water and the ice and blend to the desired consistency. Pour into a tall glass or two small glasses. Serve with a straw. <END>
INPUT: American, sliced, loaf, garlic, virgin olive oil, vine tomatoes, lemon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Crusty Bread, Sliced Tomatoes with Lemon, Sliced Pimentos, Spanish Cheese and Olives | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 loaf, 24 inches or longer, crusty bread; 2 or 3 large cloves garlic, crushed; Extra-virgin olive oil, for drizzling; 4 small to medium vine ripe tomatoes; 1 lemon, juiced; Coarse salt; 4 whole pimento peppers, drained, found in glass jars with Spanish and Mexican foods in market; 1 1/4 pounds manchego cheese; 2 cups assorted large olives, green and black stuffed or pitted, mixed -- take your pick; 3-inch party picks | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat broiler to high. Cut bread in half then slit loaf lengthwise. Char the bread under broiler, then rub with crushed garlic and drizzle with oil. Cut bread into large, bite size cubes and transfer to a basket. Slice tomatoes and arrange on a platter. Dress with lemon juice and salt. Slice pimentos and place in a small serving dish. Slice or cube half of the manchego, leave the remainder whole with a utensil to cut with alongside. Serve on a cutting board. Place olives in a dish near cheese. Use party picks to stack tomatoes and or cheese and olives with bread cubes to pop into your mouth. <END>
INPUT: palmiers, pecans, unsalted butter, pure vanilla extract, light sugar, all purpose flour
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pecan Palmiers | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/3 cup pecans; 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature; 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract; 2 tablespoons packed light brown sugar; 1 tablespoon all-purpose flour; Pinch of kosher salt; 1/4 cup turbinado sugar; 1 sheet frozen puff pastry, thawed (half of a 17-ounce package); 1 large egg, lightly beaten | INSTRUCTIONS: Position oven racks in the upper and lower thirds of the oven; preheat to 400 degrees F. Spread the pecans on a baking sheet and bake on the upper rack until lightly toasted, about 5 minutes; let cool completely. Mix the butter and vanilla in a small bowl with a rubber spatula until smooth; set aside. Put the pecans, brown sugar, flour and salt in a mini food processor and pulse until finely ground. Spread the turbinado sugar on a work surface and top with the puff pastry. Press to coat the pastry in sugar, then flip the pastry and roll out into a 12-inch square. Spread the butter mixture almo <END>
INPUT: American, kosher salt, sugar, all purpose flour, unsweetened coconut flakes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Coconut Cream Pie | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt; 1/2 teaspoon sugar; 1 1/4 cups all-purpose flour, plus more for surface; 1/2 cup (1 stick) cold unsalted butter, cut into cubes; 3 cups unsweetened coconut flakes; 2 1/2 cups whole milk, divided; 2 1/4 cups coconut milk (not low-fat); 1 (1/4-ounce) envelope powdered unflavored gelatin (about 1 tablespoon); 7 large egg yolks; 1 cup sugar; 6 tablespoons cornstarch; 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt; 1 tablespoon unsalted butter; 1 tablespoon vanilla paste or extract; 1 1/2 cups heavy cream | INSTRUCTIONS: For the crust: Pulse salt, sugar, and 1 1/4 cups flour in a food processor until well combined. Add butter and pulse until mixture resembles coarse meal with a few pea-size pieces of butter remaining, about 10 seconds. With the motor running, add 1/4 cup ice water and process until dough just holds together, about 30 seconds. Squeeze a small amount of dough between your fingers; if it's very crumbly, add more ice water, 1 Tbsp. at a time (2 Tbsp. maximum), and process to combine (do not overprocess). Turn out dough onto a lightly floured surface and form into a rough ball. Knead a few times, t <END>
INPUT: asparagus, shallot, virgin olive oil, tarragon leaves, Salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Asparagus Tips | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 pounds asparagus, trimmed to 4 to 5-inch tips; 1 shallot, finely chopped; 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, eyeball it; 1 teaspoon freshly chopped tarragon leaves; Salt and pepper; 1/4 lemon, juiced | INSTRUCTIONS: Pile asparagus onto a baking sheet. Combine lemon, shallot, extra-virgin olive oil and tarragon. Pour the dressing over the asparagus and turn to coat spears in fat. Season the asparagus with salt and pepper and roast 15 to 17 minutes at 375 degrees F. Remove asparagus from oven and toss with a squirt of lemon. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, salsa, virgin olive oil, Juice from lime, garlic, cumin, lime zest
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cumin-Lime Pork Chops with Grape Salsa | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; Juice from 1 lime (2 tablespoons); 1 large garlic clove, finely chopped; 1 tablespoon ground cumin; 1 teaspoon finely grated lime zest; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 8 (4 ounce) boneless pork loin chops; 2 cups red and yellow grape tomatoes, halved; 1 1/2 cups seedless green grapes, halved; 1 small red onion, thinly sliced; 1/2 cup chopped cilantro; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1 tablespoon fresh lime juice; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: For Pork Chops: Preheat grill over high heat. Stir together olive oil, lime juice, garlic, cumin, lime zest, 1 teaspoon kosher salt and 1/2 teaspoon pepper. Rub marinade evenly on pork chops, and set aside while you make the salsa. For Salsa: Stir together tomatoes, grapes, onion, cilantro, olive oil, lime juice, 1 teaspoon kosher salt and 1/2 teaspoon pepper. Set aside. Grill the chops, turning once, until grill marks appear and pork is just cooked through, about 6 minutes total. Transfer to a platter, and top chops with salsa. Serve. <END>
INPUT: Asian, salad, seasoned rice vinegar, shallot, ginger, wasabi powder, peanut oil vegetable
OUTPUT: TITLE: Smoked Duck and Pluot Salad | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons seasoned rice vinegar; 2 tablespoons chopped shallot; 1 tablespoon chopped peeled fresh ginger; 1/4 teaspoon wasabi powder (horseradish powder)*; 1/3 cup peanut oil or vegetable oil; 6 ounces frisée, torn (about 2 heads); 1/2 cup chopped salted roasted peanuts, divided; 3/4 pound Pluots (about 3 large or 5 small), halved, pitted, thinly sliced; 3/4 pound smoked duck breast, sliced; 5 large Thai basil sprigs or 3 regular basil sprigs, leaves torn, stems discarded; 1/4 cup chopped green onions; Special equipment: Mini processor | INSTRUCTIONS: For dressing: Puree vinegar, shallot, ginger, and wasabi powder in mini processor. Gradually add oil; puree. Puree vinegar, shallot, ginger, and wasabi powder in mini processor. Gradually add oil; puree. For salad: Toss frisée and 1/4 cup peanuts in medium bowl with enough dressing to coat. Divide salad among plates. Arrange Pluots and duck over frisée. Spoon more dressing over salad. Sprinkle with basil, green onions, and remaining peanuts. Toss frisée and 1/4 cup peanuts in medium bowl with enough dressing to coat. Divide salad among plates. Arrange Pluots and duck over frisée. Spoon more dr <END>
INPUT: crackers, sharp Cheddar, all purpose flour, kosher salt, seasoned salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Homemade Cheddar Crackers | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 8 ounces sharp Cheddar, finely grated; 1 cup all-purpose flour; 4 tablespoons (1/2 stick) butter, cut into pieces; 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt; 1/2 teaspoon seasoned salt; Pinch of cayenne; 3 tablespoons ice water | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Put the Cheddar, flour, butter, salt, seasoned salt and cayenne in a food processor and pulse until the mixture resembles sand. Add the ice water and pulse until the dough comes together. Form the dough into a ball, wrap in plastic and refrigerate for 1 hour. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with a silicone baking mat. Roll out the dough to 1/4-inch thickness and cut into squares with a pizza cutter. Use a wooden skewer to poke a small hole in the center of each square. Transfer to the prepared baking sheet and bake until golden brown, 15 to <END>
INPUT: good Roquefort cheese, scallions
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roquefort Butter | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 tablespoons (1/2 stick) unsalted butter, at room temperature; 2 ounces good Roquefort cheese; 1 tablespoon chopped scallions | INSTRUCTIONS: Place the butter and Roquefort cheese in the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment and mix on medium speed until smooth. Add the scallions and mix until combined. Cut a strip of parchment paper 4 1/2 inches wide and place the mixture on the short end of the paper. Roll into a log about 1 inch in diameter, rolling the parchment paper around the butter mixture. Chill. <END>
INPUT: Indian, spiced, spread, cream cheese, mango chutney, piece crystallized ginger
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spiced Coffee with Liqueur and Date Nut Bread with Chutney Spread | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 8 ounces cream cheese, cut into chunks; 1/2 cup (about 3 ounces) shredded sharp cheddar; 1/4 cup mango chutney; 2 ounces (a handful) macadamia nuts; 1 piece crystallized ginger, shaved or grated, for garnish; Date nut bread, halved across if round, lengthwise if loaf, then cut into 1/2-inch thick slices; 8 tablespoons ground coffee; 1/2-inch slice fresh orange rind; 4 cloves; Sprinkle cinnamon; Cognac or coffee liqueur; Granulated sugar, for rimming glasses | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Pulse ingredients for the cheese spread in food processor until mixture is combined. Transfer spread to a small serving dish and garnish with shaved crystallized ginger. Serve with the date nut bread. Brew a pot of coffee, putting the orange rind, cloves, and cinnamon in with the grounds before brewing. Top off coffee with cognac or liqueur. Dip rims of coffee mugs in warm water, then coat in sugar. <END>
INPUT: navy beans, salt pork, bay leaves, ketchup, molasses
OUTPUT: TITLE: The Best Baked Beans | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound dried navy beans; 1 salt pork; 2 bay leaves; 1 cup ketchup; 1/2 cup molasses; 2 tablespoons dark brown sugar; 1 teaspoon dry mustard; 1 teaspoon chili powder; 1 teaspoon onion powder; 1 teaspoon garlic powder; Salt and pepper, to taste; 6 ounces sliced bacon | INSTRUCTIONS: Pick through the beans and remove any pebbles. Place beans in a colander and rinse under cold water. Transfer the beans to a large pot or bowl, add water to cover by 2-inches and let soak overnight. The beans will rehydrate and swell to twice their size. Drain and rinse the beans, then put in a saucepan. Cover the beans with fresh water and place over medium heat. Add the remaining ingredients, except for the bacon. Simmer, stirring occasionally, for about 25 minutes or until the beans are tender but not breaking apart. Transfer the beans and broth to a 2-quart oven-safe dish. Lay bacon slices <END>
INPUT: Indian, Ghee, onions, piece ginger, garlic, tomato paste
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spicy Chicken Coconut Curry | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons Ghee, recipe follows; 2 medium onions, chopped; One 1-inch piece ginger, peeled and finely chopped; 4 garlic cloves, finely chopped; 2 tablespoons tomato paste; 2 tablespoons Curry Powder, recipe follows; 1 cinnamon stick; 1 to 3 dried red chiles; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; Two 15-ounce cans unsweetened coconut milk; 2 cups chicken stock; 4 tomatoes, seeded and chopped; 6 boneless, skinless chicken breasts, cut into 1-inch strips; 1/4 cup cilantro leaves, plus more for garnish; 1 lemon, juiced | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: several layers of cheesecloth Heat the Ghee in a large heavy-bottomed pot over medium-low heat. Add the onions, ginger, and garlic and cook slowly until the onions are very soft, about 15 minutes. Add the tomato paste, Curry Powder, cinnamon stick, and chiles and give it a good stir; season with salt and pepper. Pour in the coconut milk and chicken stock and bring it back to a simmer; cook until the sauce has thickened, about 20 minutes. Add the tomatoes, chicken, cilantro, and half the lemon juice; continue to simmer until the chicken is cooked through, about 10 to 15 minut <END>
INPUT: American, deep dish pie, skinned sweet potato, vanilla extract
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sweet-Potato-Pecan Pie | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 frozen deep-dish pie crust, thawed, pierced all over with fork; 1 1-pound red-skinned sweet potato (yam), pierced with fork; 1/2 cup (packed) golden brown sugar; 2 tablespoons (1/4 stick) unsalted butter, melted; 1 tablespoon vanilla extract; 1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1/4 teaspoon ground allspice; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 3/4 cup light corn syrup; 2 large eggs; 1 cup (about 4 ounces) pecan halves | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 400°F. Bake crust until pale golden, about 8 minutes; set aside. Reduce oven temperature to 350°F. Cook sweet potato in microwave on high until tender, about 6 minutes per side. Cut potato in half; scoop flesh into medium bowl and mash. Measure 1 cup mashed potato; place in large bowl. Whisk sugar and next 5 ingredients into mashed potato; spread mixture in prepared crust. Whisk corn syrup and eggs in bowl to blend. Stir in pecans. Pour syrup mixture over potato mixture. Bake pie until filling is set, puffed and brown, about 45 minutes. Cool pie completely. Serve at room temper <END>
INPUT: Italian, linguine, alla, pasta flour, semolina, Sea salt, cage free egg, virgin olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Linguine alla Chitarra with Clams, Guanciale and Pea Tendrils | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup "00" pasta flour, such as Caputo; 1/4 cup semolina; Sea salt; 1 extra-large cage-free egg; 2 teaspoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1 ounce olive oil; 1/2 cup 1/4-inch dice or lardons smoked guanciale or smoked bacon; 1 tablespoon thinly shaved garlic; 1 tablespoon fresh oregano leaves; 1/2 teaspoon crushed red pepper; 6 opal basil leaves, plus more for garnish; 12 manila clams, washed and soaked in cold water for 10 minutes to release sand; 1 cup fish or vegetable stock; 1 cup dry white wine; Sea salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: Chitarra or other pasta machine For the pasta: In a medium mixing bowl, combine the flour, semolina and salt and pile up in the center of the bowl. Create a shallow well in the center of the flour mixture and add the egg. Beat the egg and oil together with a fork. Using a plastic spatula, stir the egg and slowly incorporate into the flour. Mix until the dough ball forms, then remove from the bowl and place the dough on a clean work surface. Knead the dough into a smooth dough ball, about 10 minutes. Immediately wrap the dough ball in plastic wrap to avoid drying out. Rest th <END>
INPUT: Mexican, compote, tomatoes, virgin olive oil, Kosher salt pepper, coriander seeds, cumin seeds
OUTPUT: TITLE: Soft-Shell Crabs With Tomato Compote | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 3 pounds medium tomatoes; 5 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper; 1/2 teaspoon coriander seeds; 1/2 teaspoon cumin seeds; 3 cloves garlic, thinly sliced; 1 tablespoon chopped peeled ginger; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh basil and/or cilantro; Vegetable oil, for frying; 2 cups polenta; Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper; 1 cup whole milk; 8 large fresh soft-shell crabs, cleaned; Lime wedges, for serving | INSTRUCTIONS: Prepare the compote: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F. Core the tomatoes and halve crosswise, then squeeze out the seeds. Put the tomatoes cut-side up on a baking sheet. Drizzle with 3 tablespoons olive oil; sprinkle with 1 teaspoon salt, and pepper to taste. Roast until shriveled, about 40 minutes. Cool slightly, then slip off the skins. Cut into chunks. Toast the coriander and cumin seeds in a skillet over medium heat, about 2 minutes. Remove from the skillet and grind with a spice grinder or chop with a knife. Heat the remaining 2 tablespoons olive oil, the garlic and ginger in the skillet <END>
INPUT: compote, pumpkin, sugar, water, hazelnuts, heavy cream
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pumpkin Hazelnut Compote | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 4-to 6-pound pumpkin; 2 cups of sugar; 1 cup water; 3/4 cup chopped hazelnuts; 1 cup heavy cream, whipped with 1 tablespoon sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: Cut apart the pumpkin and remove the seeds. Peel the sections and cut into 1 inch cubes. In a large mixing bowl, toss the sugar, water, and pumpkin pieces. Transfer the pieces, plus all the water and sugar, to a baking pan. Cover tightly with foil and bake in a preheated 350° oven for 1 hour. Check the water level after 30 or 40 minutes. Add more if necessary, or bake uncovered if it is too wet. There should be little water left and the pieces should be soft but not mushy. Allow to cool, then refrigerate. Serve sprinkled with hazelnuts, and with the whipped cream. Cut apart the pumpkin and rem <END>
INPUT: Mexican, paella, virgin olive oil, cumin seeds, hot pepper flakes, onion, bell pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: "Paella" Fried Rice | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 1 tablespoon cumin seeds; 1/2 teaspoon dried hot red pepper flakes; 1 large onion, chopped; 1 large red bell pepper, chopped; 2 (3- to 4-oz) Spanish chorizo (spicy dried pork sausage) links, quartered lengthwise and cut into 1/4-inch-thick pieces; 4 cups cold cooked rice; 1 1/2 teaspoons salt; 10-oz package frozen peas; 1/3 cup hulled (green) pumpkin seeds, toasted; 1 cup finely chopped fresh cilantro | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat oil in a 12-inch nonstick skillet over moderate heat until hot but not smoking, then cook cumin and red pepper flakes, stirring, 1 minute. Add onion and bell pepper and cook, stirring, until softened. Add chorizo and sauté over moderately high heat, stirring, until sausage begins to brown, about 3 minutes. Add rice, crumbling it, and salt. Sauté, stirring, until some grains begin to turn golden, about 3 minutes. Add peas and sauté, stirring, just until peas are heated through. Remove from heat and stir in pumpkin seeds and cilantro. Heat oil in a 12-inch nonstick skillet over moderate hea <END>
INPUT: Asian, mixed chicken, homemade chicken broth, water, soy sauce, rock sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Rock Sugar Ginger Chicken | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 2 pounds mixed chicken parts, on the bone; 1/2 cup homemade chicken broth; 1/2 cup water; 2 tablespoons black soy sauce; 2 ounces rock sugar, about 1/4 cup; 2 teaspoons vegetable oil; 1 1/2 cups sliced ginger, about 6 ounces; 1/2 teaspoon salt | INSTRUCTIONS: With a meat clever, chop the chicken through the bone, into 2-inch pieces, or disjoint into several pieces. In a small saucepan, combine the chicken broth, 1/2 cup water, soy sauce, and rock sugar. Bring to a simmer over medium heat and cook until the sugar is completely dissolved, about 5 minutes. Set aside. Heat a 14-inch skillet over high heat until hot but not smoking. Add oil and ginger, and stir-fry until ginger is lightly browned, about 1 minute. Bring ginger to the sides of the skillet. Reduce heat to medium, and carefully add the chicken, skin side down, spreading it in the skillet. C <END>
INPUT: American, casserole, zucchini, Kosher salt pepper, olive oil, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Light Spicy Zucchini and Tomato Casserole | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 pounds zucchini; Nonstick cooking spray, for greasing; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 teaspoon olive oil; 2 cloves garlic, minced; 1 red or green jalapeno, finely diced, seeded if desired; 1 teaspoon chili powder; 1/2 teaspoon ground cumin; One 14.5-ounce can no-salt-added fire-roasted diced tomatoes; 1/3 cup crumbled Cotija cheese; 2 tablespoons roughly chopped cilantro | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven broiler. Slice the zucchini on a sharp angle about 1/2-inch thick and place on a baking sheet lined with foil and nonstick cooking spray. Coat the zucchini with nonstick cooking spray and season with 1/4 teaspoon salt and 1/4 teaspoon pepper. Broil, flipping once, until just golden, 6 to 8 minutes. Reduce the oven temperature to 425 degrees F. Meanwhile, heat the oil in a medium pot set over medium-high heat. Add the garlic and jalapeno and cook until softened, 2 to 3 minutes. Add the chili powder, cumin and tomatoes. Continue to cook until the tomatoes are soft and the sauce  <END>
INPUT: stir, baby, shiitake mushrooms, bok choy, peanut oil, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Stir-fried Baby Bok Choy with Shiitake Mushrooms | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup dried shiitake mushrooms; 1 1/2 pounds bok choy, trimmed; 1/4 cup peanut oil; 3 cloves garlic, minced, optional; 1 cup fresh shiitake mushrooms, cleaned, trimmed and sliced; 1/2 to 3/4 cup commercial oyster sauce | INSTRUCTIONS: Soak shiitakes in 1 cup very hot water until tender, about 15 minutes. Drain, reserving liquid. Trim mushrooms and chop. Separate leaves and stems of bok choy; cut stems into 2-inch lengths and slice leaves into ribbons. Heat 2 tablespoons oil in a wok or large skillet over high heat. When oil is hot, add bok choy stems, garlic, if using, reconstituted mushrooms, and about 1/4 cup reserved mushroom water. Cook, stirring frequently, until stems are crisp-tender, about 4 minutes. Meanwhile, in a small skillet heat remaining 2 tablespoons oil; saute fresh shiitake mushrooms over medium-high heat. <END>
INPUT: Italian, penne rigate, unsalted butter, olive oil, pine nuts, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Penne Rigate with Mixed Greens and Pine Nuts | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 lb penne rigate; 3 tablespoons unsalted butter; 3 tablespoons olive oil; 1/4 cup pine nuts (1 1/4 oz); 1 teaspoon chopped garlic; 2 (8- to 10-oz) bags mixed salad greens with radicchio (often labeled "Italian" or "Mediterranean"; 16 to 20 cups); 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/2 teaspoon black pepper; 1/2 cup finely grated Parmigiano-Reggiano, plus additional for serving | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook penne in boiling salted water in a 5- to 6-quart heavy pot until al dente or according to package directions, then drain in a colander. Combine butter, oil, and pine nuts in cleaned and dried pot and cook over moderately high heat, stirring, until nuts are pale golden, about 3 minutes. Add garlic and cook, stirring, until garlic is golden, about 1 minute. Stir in greens and cook, stirring, until they wilt, about 3 minutes. Add penne, salt, and pepper and toss to coat. Stir in cheese and serve immediately with additional cheese on the side. Cook penne in boiling salted water in a 5- to 6-q <END>
INPUT: American, asian, noodles, soy sauce, mirin, water, sesame oil, chili peppers
OUTPUT: TITLE: Asian Flank Steak with Fried Chinese Noodles with Peppers | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons soy sauce; 3 tablespoons mirin; 6 tablespoons water; 2 teaspoons sesame oil; 1 teaspoon dried chili peppers; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh lemongrass; 1 tablespoon grated fresh ginger; 2 cloves garlic, smashed; 2 tablespoons chopped green onion; 1 teaspoon sesame seeds; 1/2 pound flank steak, cut into 1/2-inch thick slices against the grain; 3 tablespoons olive oil, plus 3 tablespoons; 2 tablespoons Chinese black bean sauce; 1 green pepper, stemmed, cored, and julienned; 1 yellow pepper, stemmed, cored, and julienned | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine the marinade ingredients in a medium sized bowl, and soak the flank steak in the marinade for 1 hour. In a hot wok over the highest heat, add 3 tablespoons of the oil and black bean sauce. Using the Chinese ladle, spread the bean sauce in the wok until nice roasted smell comes out. Add the beef and stir-fry for 2 minutes. Do not over cook! Remove the beef and set aside. To the wok, add the remaining 3 tablespoons oil, the peppers, and the crushed garlic. Add the boiled noodles and the marinade for the beef and cook for 2 minutes. Add the bok choy and cook until wilted. Add the reserved <END>
INPUT: Olive oil, bacon, garlic, pepper flakes, Swiss chard
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sauteed Swiss Chard with Bacon | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Olive oil, for pan; 1 cup bacon, cut into 1/4-inch dice; 2 cloves garlic, smashed; Pinch crushed red pepper flakes; 1 bunch Swiss chard, stems removed and cut into 1/2-inch lengths, leaves cut into 1 1/2-inch lengths; 1/2 cup chicken or vegetable stock; Kosher salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Coat a large saute pan lightly with olive oil and add the diced bacon, garlic, and crushed red pepper. Bring the pan to medium-high heat. When the garlic has turned a lovely golden brown, remove from the pan and discard. At this point the bacon should start to become brown and crispy. Add the Swiss chard stems and the stock and cook until the stock has mostly evaporated. Add the Swiss chard leaves and saute until they are wilted. Season with salt. <END>
INPUT: slender Japanese Garnet, unsalted butter, miso paste, scallion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Japanese Sweet Potatoes with Scallion Butter | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 8 small slender Japanese or Garnet sweet potatoes (4 to 5 pounds total); 1 1/2 sticks unsalted butter, well softened; 1 1/2 tablespoons miso paste (preferably white); 3 tablespoons finely chopped scallion | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 450°F with rack in upper third. Prick potatoes all over with a fork and put on a foil-lined large baking sheet. Bake until very soft when squeezed, 45 minutes to 1 hour. While potatoes bake, stir together butter, miso, and scallion until combined. Slit hot potatoes lengthwise and, using oven mitts, push in sides to puff up potato. Serve with some scallion butter in center of each and with additional scallion butter on the side. Preheat oven to 450°F with rack in upper third. Prick potatoes all over with a fork and put on a foil-lined large baking sheet. Bake until very soft whe <END>
INPUT: omelet, breakfast sausage links, unsalted butter, eggs
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chili Omelet | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 pound breakfast sausage links; 1 (15-ounce) can vegetarian chili with beans; 1 (8-ounce) package 3-cheese Mexican shredded cheese; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 2 large eggs; 1/4 cup chopped chives; Sour cream, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Cut the sausage into 1/4-inch chunks. In a medium skillet over medium-low heat, brown the sausages. When brown, add the chili and heat through, about 5 minutes. For an extra-cheesy omelet, stir in a handful or 2 of the cheese. While this is cooking, heat an 8-inch skillet over medium-low heat and melt the butter. Beat the eggs with half the chives and pour into the pan. Cook until the egg forms a solid yellow circle. Cover half of the omelet with the sausage and chili mixture, reserving 1/4 cup. Add a layer of cheese, reserving 1/4 cup. Fold the omelet and top with the remaining chili and chee <END>
INPUT: mary, plum tomatoes, loosely flat leaf, celery, kale leaves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Kale Mary | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 medium plum tomatoes; 1 cup loosely packed flat-leaf parsley; 2 medium stalks celery, plus 1 stalk, for garnish; 3 medium kale leaves with stalks; 1/2 large, juicy lemon, peel and pith removed; 2 ounces pepper-infused vodka; 1/4 teaspoon celery salt; Freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Juice, in this order, the tomatoes and parsley (together), celery, kale and lemon, following your juicer's specific settings for each. Stir in the vodka, celery salt and a few grinds of pepper. Serve immediately over ice in a tall glass. Garnish with a celery stalk. <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, vinaigrette, eggplants, Kosher salt, virgin olive oil, pepper, lemon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Eggplant with Mint Vinaigrette | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 2 eggplants (1 pound each), cut crosswise into 1/2-inch-thick slices; Kosher salt; 1/2 cup extra-virgin olive oil; Freshly ground black pepper; 1 lemon; 2 tablespoons white wine vinegar; 1/4 cup finely chopped shallots; 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh mint, plus small leaves for garnish; Small square feta cheese, for shaving | INSTRUCTIONS: Lay the eggplant slices in a single layer on 2 baking sheets and sprinkle both sides with salt. Set aside about 30 minutes, or until moisture beads on top of the eggplant. Prepare a grill for medium-high heat. Rinse the eggplant to remove the excess salt and pat dry. Brush the eggplant slices with 3 tablespoons of the olive oil, coating both sides. Season with salt and pepper. Working in batches, grill the eggplant about 5 minutes per side, or until char marks form and the eggplant is very tender. Transfer to a platter as you finish each batch. Meanwhile, grate the zest of the lemon into a sma <END>
INPUT: Asian, limeade, water, lime juice, superfine sugar, ginger
OUTPUT: TITLE: Ginger Limeade | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 9 cups water; 2 cups freshly squeezed lime juice (about 20 limes); 2 cups superfine sugar; 10 thin slices fresh ginger, peeled | INSTRUCTIONS: In a pitcher, whisk together all the ingredients until the sugar dissolves. Let steep at least 1 hour to bring out the ginger flavor. Serve over ice. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, slaw, dinosaur kale, Juice limes, virgin olive oil, cotija cheese, Kosher salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Kale Slaw with Lime and Cotija | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 10 ounces dinosaur kale, center ribs removed, coarsely chopped; Juice of 2 limes; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 2 ounces cotija cheese, finely grated; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Put the kale in a large bowl, add the lime juice and toss well (massage if you like). Add the oil, cheese and salt and pepper and mix well. Let sit at room temperature for 10 minutes before serving. <END>
INPUT: Italian, gratin, penne, bulk sweet Italian, olive oil, packaged mushrooms, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sausage and Mushroom Penne Gratin | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound dried penne; 1 pound bulk sweet Italian sausage; 2 tablespoons olive oil, divided; 1 pound packaged sliced mushrooms; 1 garlic clove, forced through a garlic press; 1 cup heavy cream; 1/2 cup grated Parmigiano-Reggiano; 8 ounces shredded whole-milk mozzarella, divided | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook penne in a pasta pot of boiling salted water (2 tablespoons salt for 6 quarts water) until al dente. Reserve 1/2 cup pasta-cooking water, then drain pasta and transfer to a flameproof 3-quart baking dish. Preheat broiler. Meanwhile, cook sausage in 1 tablespoon oil in a 12-inch nonstick skillet over high heat, stirring occasionally and breaking up any large pieces, until no longer pink. Transfer with a slotted spoon to a bowl, leaving fat in skillet. Add remaining tablespoon oil to skillet along with mushrooms and garlic, then cook over high heat, stirring occasionally, until mushrooms ar <END>
INPUT: swirl, parsnips, potatoes, garlic, Water, Salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Carrot and Parsnip Swirl | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 pounds parsnips, peeled; 1 1/2 pounds potatoes, peeled; 2 tablespoons chopped garlic; Water, just enough to cover vegetables; Salt and white pepper; 3 pounds carrots, peeled; 1 1/2 pounds potatoes, peeled; 1 teaspoon chopped ginger; Salt and white pepper; 3 tablespoons butter; 1/4 cup heavy cream; 2 tablespoons maple syrup | INSTRUCTIONS: Chop the parsnips into 1-inch pieces. Cut the potatoes into pieces slightly smaller. Place parsnips, potatoes, garlic, and water to cover, in a large pot. Add some salt and white pepper. Cover and bring to a boil, reduce heat and simmer until soft, about 20 minutes. Chop the carrots into 1-inch pieces. Cut the potatoes into 2-inch pieces. Place the carrots, potatoes, ginger and water in a pot. Add some salt and white pepper. Bring to a boil, reduce heat and simmer until soft, about 30 minutes. For each batch: Drain water from cooked vegetables and puree, doing white-colored vegetables first, t <END>
INPUT: Jamaican jerk seasoning, canola oil, pork loin
OUTPUT: TITLE: Jamaican Jerk Pork Loin | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons Jamaican jerk seasoning in a jar (pick a brand with low carbs and sugars); 1/4 cup canola oil; 4 pounds boneless pork loin | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Mix jerk seasoning with the oil in a small bowl (this will thin it and cut the heat). Trim any excess fat from the pork loin, leaving a thin-layered wide strip down the center of the top. Evenly rub the entire pork loin with the jerk seasoning mixture. Place pork loin in a shallow greased roasting pan, and bake for 20 minutes. Then reduce the temperature to 300 degrees F and continue baking for about 1 more hour, or until a meat thermometer stuck in the thickest part reads 145 degrees F. Remove from oven and let rest for at least 10 minutes before slicing. <END>
INPUT: strawberry, salad, trimmed watercress, strawberries, almonds, shallots, honey
OUTPUT: TITLE: Watercress, Strawberry and Almond Salad with Balsamic Honey Vinaigrette | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 cups trimmed watercress; 1 cup sliced strawberries; 1/2 cup sliced almonds, roasted; 4 shallots, sliced thinly, or 1 tablespoon plus 1 teaspoon balsamic vinegar; 1 tablespoon honey; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 1/3 cup olive oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Place watercress, strawberries, almonds and shallots in a large salad bowl. In a small bowl, whisk together vinegar, honey and salt; whisk in olive oil until smooth and uniform. Pour vinaigrette over salad and toss gently. Serve immediately.; <END>
INPUT: dumplings, slab bacon, all purpose flour, chicken legs, Kosher salt, mixed mushrooms
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken and Dumplings with Mushrooms | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 ounces slab bacon, cut into 1/4" pieces; 1/4 cup all-purpose flour; 4 chicken legs (drumsticks with thighs; about 2 pounds); Kosher salt, freshly ground pepper; 1 1/2 pounds mixed mushrooms; 1 medium onion, chopped; 6 garlic cloves, crushed; 1/4 cup dry white wine; 6 sprigs thyme; 2 bay leaves; 8 cups low-sodium chicken broth; 3/4 teaspoons kosher salt, plus more; 1 cup all-purpose flour; 2 teaspoons baking powder; 1/2 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg | INSTRUCTIONS: For chicken stew: Crisp bacon in a large Dutch oven over medium heat; transfer to a paper towel–lined plate. Place flour in a shallow bowl. Season chicken with salt and pepper and dredge in flour. Working in batches, cook chicken, skin side down, in same pot over medium heat until deep golden brown and crisp (do not turn), 12–15 minutes. Transfer to a plate. Working in 2 batches, cook mushrooms in same pot, seasoning with salt and pepper and stirring occasionally, until brown, 5–8 minutes. Transfer to a bowl. Add onion and garlic to pot; cook, stirring occasionally, until onion is soft and tra <END>
INPUT: chinese, wine, soy sauce, garlic gloves, mustard, beef tri tip
OUTPUT: TITLE: Marinated Tri-Tip with Chinese Mustard Sauce and Roasted Green Onions and Mushrooms | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/3 cup dry red wine; 2 tablespoons soy sauce; 3 garlic gloves, minced; 1 teaspoon plus 2 tablespoons dry mustard; 1 1 1/2-pound beef tri-tip roast; 2 tablespoons honey; 2 tablespoons water; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 3 bunches green onions, root ends trimmed, dark green tops cut off and discarded; 1 pound or three 6-ounce packages baby portobello mushrooms; 2 tablespoons olive oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Whisk wine, soy sauce, garlic, and 1 teaspoon dry mustard in large glass baking dish. Add tri-tip and turn to coat with marinade. Let stand at room temperature 30 minutes, turning meat occasionally. Meanwhile, whisk honey, 2 tablespoons water, 1/4 teaspoon salt, and remaining 2 tablespoons dry mustard in small bowl to blend; set sauce aside. Preheat oven to 450°F. Remove tri-tip from marinade; pat dry with paper towels. Place tri-tip on large rimmed baking sheet; sprinkle with salt and pepper. Arrange green onions and mushrooms around meat; drizzle onions and mushrooms with olive oil. Roast 12 <END>
INPUT: American, cherry, turnovers, dark sweet cherries, sour cherries, sugar, cornstarch, lemon juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sweet-and-Sour Cherry Turnovers with Goat Cheese Cream | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cups pitted dark sweet cherries; 1 1/2 cups pitted sour cherries; 1/4 cup sugar; 2 teaspoons cornstarch; 1 teaspoon fresh lemon juice; 1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract; 1 1/2 cups chilled heavy whipping cream; 3 ounces soft fresh goat cheese, crumbled; 1/4 cup powdered sugar; 1 2-inch piece vanilla bean, split lengthwise; 1 17.3-ounce package frozen puff pastry (2 sheets), thawed; 1 egg, beaten to blend; 2 tablespoons raw sugar* | INSTRUCTIONS: For compote: Combine dark sweet cherries and sour cherries with sugar, cornstarch, lemon juice, and vanilla extract in medium saucepan; toss to coat. Let cherry mixture stand 30 minutes at room temperature. Stir gently over medium-high heat until mixture boils and thickens slightly, about 2 minutes. Cool cherry compote completely. DO AHEAD: Compote can be made 1 day ahead. Cover and chill. Combine dark sweet cherries and sour cherries with sugar, cornstarch, lemon juice, and vanilla extract in medium saucepan; toss to coat. Let cherry mixture stand 30 minutes at room temperature. Stir gently o <END>
INPUT: Mexican, water, ginger, sugar, lime, mint leaves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Hibiscus, Lime and Mint | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 4 cups water; 1 teaspoon raw ginger; 1/2 cup raw sugar; 1/2 lime, juiced, plus lime pulp, for garnish; 1/2 bunch fresh mint leaves, plus julienne leaves, for garnish; 1/2 cup hibiscus flowers; Ice | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large pot add the water and the ginger and bring to a boil over medium heat. Add the sugar, lime juice, mint and hibiscus and stir to combine. Remove from the heat and let steep for about 20 minutes. Strain into a pitcher and pour into ice filled glasses. Garnish with mint strips and lime pulp before serving. <END>
INPUT: roast, oven tomatoes, mashed potatoes, Idaho potatoes, kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roast Tomato Mashed Potatoes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 pound oven-dried tomatoes, drained, recipe follows; 4 cups mashed potatoes (recipe above); 2 pounds Idaho potatoes, peeled and quartered; 2 teaspoons kosher salt; 8 tablespoons (1 stick) unsalted butter; 1/2 cup heavy cream; 1/2 cup milk; 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground white pepper; 2 pounds ripe plum tomatoes, washed, cored and split lengthwise; 1 teaspoon kosher salt; 2 cups extra-virgin olive oil; 2 large fresh thyme sprigs; 1 fresh rosemary sprig, cut in half; 2 to 3 sage leaves; 3 medium garlic cloves, split | INSTRUCTIONS: In a food processor puree the oven-dried tomatoes to a nearly smooth consistency. Add the tomato puree to the warm mashed potatoes and over low heat, stir with a wooden spoon until the tomatoes are completely incorporated and the mixture is piping hot. Serve. Place the potatoes in a 2-quart saucepan with 1 teaspoon of the salt and cold water to cover. Bring to a boil, lower the heat and simmer, covered, until completely tender, about 30 minutes. Test the potatoes by piercing them with a paring knife -- there should be no resistance. Place in a colander and allow to drain well for several minut <END>
INPUT: turkey breast halves, sage leaves, rosemary, kosher salt, ghee
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sous Vide Turkey Breast | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 boneless turkey breast halves (5 1/2-6 pounds total); 4 sage leaves; 4 sprigs rosemary; 4 teaspoons kosher salt; 6 tablespoons ghee, melted, divided; Two (1-gallon) resealable bags; a sous vide machine | INSTRUCTIONS: Place each turkey breast in separate 1-gallon bags. Add 2 sage leaves, 2 rosemary sprigs, and 2 tsp. salt to each bag. Press out air from bags and seal. Rub outside of bags until herbs and salt are evenly distributed. Chill 8–24 hours. Preheat sous vide machine to 142°F (this will take about 1 hour). Meanwhile, reserving bags, remove turkey breasts. Rinse under water, and pat dry, and return to bags. Let turkey come to room temperature. Add 2 Tbsp. ghee to each bag. Seal each bag, leaving about a 2" opening at one side. Carefully lower 1 bag into water, holding the small open portion of the ba <END>
INPUT: Asian, greens, soy sauce, sake wine, mirin, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Soy Roasted Salmon with Asian Greens | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 4 (6-ounce) salmon fillets or steaks; 1/4 cup soy sauce; 1/4 cup sake or dry white wine; 1/4 cup mirin; 2 tablespoons sugar; 3 tablespoons chopped green onion; 3 tablespoons chopped fresh ginger; 1 small lemon, thinly sliced; 4 tablespoons olive oil; 1 pound baby bok choy, washed and cut diagonally; 1 cup shelled, blanched fresh soy beans (either fresh or frozen) also called Edamame; 1 pound washed fresh pea shoots or pea leaves; Garlic Chicken stock, recipe follows; Sea salt; Hot pepper sesame oil | INSTRUCTIONS: If using fillets of salmon, be sure to remove any pin bones. Combine marinade ingredients, except lemon slices, in a small saucepan and bring to a boil. Take off heat and allow to cool to room temperature. Add lemon and pour cooled marinade over fish and marinate, refrigerated, for at least 1 but no more than 4 hours. Turn fish occasionally. When ready to serve, heat 2 tablespoons of olive oil in an ovenproof saute pan (preferably non-stick) over moderately high heat. Remove salmon from marinade and quickly saute on 1 side until lightly browned and "lacquered" looking. Turn fish over and place <END>
INPUT: cake, all purpose flour, baking powder, Rounded salt, milk, lemon zest
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lemon-Glazed Butter Cake | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cups all-purpose flour; 1 1/2 teaspoons baking powder; Rounded 1/4 teaspoon salt; 1/2 cup plus 1 tablespoon whole milk; 1 tablespoon grated lemon zest; 1/2 teaspoon pure vanilla extract; 1 stick unsalted butter, softened; 3/4 cup granulated sugar; 3 large eggs at room temperature 30 minutes; 1 cup confectioners sugar; 1/4 cup fresh lemon juice; Garnish: confectioners sugar for dusting | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350°F with rack in middle. Butter and flour an 8-by 2-inch round cake pan. Whisk together flour, baking powder, and salt. Stir together milk, zest, and vanilla. Beat together butter and granulated sugar with an electric mixer at medium speed until pale and fluffy, about 2 minutes. Add eggs 1 at a time, beating well after each addition. At low speed, mix in flour mixture in 3 batches, alternating with milk mixture, beginning and ending with flour mixture and mixing until each addition is just incorporated. Pour batter into cake pan and smooth top, then rap gently on counter to r <END>
INPUT: soup, onions, garlic, low salt chicken, russet potato
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cream of Onion Soup | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons (1/4 stick) butter; 5 cups sliced onions (about 1 1/4 pounds); 2 large garlic cloves, peeled, halved; 5 cups canned low-salt chicken broth; 1 7- to 8-ounce russet potato, peeled, cut into 3/4-inch pieces; 1/2 cup whipping cream; 1 tablespoon dry Sherry; 1 teaspoon minced fresh thyme; Minced fresh chives | INSTRUCTIONS: Melt butter in heavy large pot over medium heat. Add onions and sauté until very tender and pale golden, about 25 minutes. Add garlic and stir 1 minute. Add broth and potato and bring to boil. Reduce heat; cover and simmer until potato is very tender, about 25 minutes. Cool slightly. Working in batches, puree soup in blender. Return to pot. Stir in cream, Sherry and thyme. Simmer about 10 minutes. Season with salt and pepper. (Can be made 2 days ahead; chill. Bring to simmer before serving.) Sprinkle with chives. Melt butter in heavy large pot over medium heat. Add onions and sauté until very  <END>
INPUT: cakes, water, chicken broth, long grain rice, caraway seeds, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Caraway Rice Cakes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup water; 3/4 cup chicken broth; 3/4 cup long-grain white rice; 1 teaspoon caraway seeds; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, melted | INSTRUCTIONS: In a 1 1/2- to 2-quart heavy saucepan bring water, broth, rice, caraway seeds, and salt to a boil and cook, covered, over very low heat until liquid is absorbed and rice is tender, about 20 minutes. Preheat broiler and butter a baking sheet. Fluff rice with a fork. Fill a 1/3-cup measure with rice, packing it, and turn out onto baking sheet. Make 5 more rice cakes in same manner and arrange on baking sheet about 3 inches apart. Gently flatten cakes with back of a fork to 4 inches in diameter and cool 5 minutes. Brush rice cakes with butter and broil 3 to 4 inches from heat until pale golden, a <END>
INPUT: distilled vinegar, sugar, peppercorns, teasopoon coriander seeds, pepper flakes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pickled Cherries | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 cup distilled white vinegar; 1/4 cup sugar; 2 teaspoon whole black peppercorns; 1 teasopoon coriander seeds; 1/2 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes; 1 pound fresh cherries, stemmed and pitted; 1 large rosemary sprig | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring first 5 ingredients and 3/4 cup water to a boil in a medium stainless-steel saucepan, stirring to dissolve sugar. Reduce heat to medium; simmer 5 minutes. Using a fine-mesh sieve, strain into a medium bowl; return liquid to pan. Add cherries and rosemary to saucepan. Simmer until cherries are tender, 3-5 minutes. Transfer cherries and rosemary to a 1 quart mason jar. Pour in enough pickling liquid to cover cherries. Cover and chill. Do Ahead: Can be made 1 month ahead. Keep refrigerated. Strain before serving. Bring first 5 ingredients and 3/4 cup water to a boil in a medium stainless-st <END>
INPUT: Mexican, crackling, tacos, garlic, chipotles adobo sauce, mayonnaise, scallion, lime juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Crackling Fish Tacos with Chipotle Tartar Sauce | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped; 1 to 2 chipotles in adobo sauce seeds removed, finely chopped; 3/4 cup mayonnaise; 1 scallion, white and light green parts only, finely chopped; 1 tablespoon fresh lime juice; Salt; 2 pounds skinless red snapper fillets (or other firm, flaky white fish); 2 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce; 4 cloves garlic, minced; 1 teaspoon salt; teaspoon freshly ground pepper; 1 cup all-purpose flour; 3 cups vegetable oil, for frying; 8 8-inch flour tortillas; 1 cucumber, peeled, quartered lengthwise, seeded and sliced into 1/2-inch pieces | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine all the tartar sauce ingredients in a small bowl, using salt to taste. Cover and refrigerate until ready to use. Rinse the fish under cold water and pat dry with paper towels. Cut into 1-inch pieces and put in a bowl with the Worcestershire sauce, garlic, salt and pepper. Turn the fish to coat. Cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate for 20 minutes or up to 4 hours. Place the flour in a shallow dish and toss the fish pieces in it, a few at a time, until evenly coated. Heat the oil in a large pot over medium-high heat. (To see if it's hot enough, place a small piece of bread in the oil; <END>
INPUT: hash, onion, carrots, fleshed potatoes Yukon, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Duck Confit Hash | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 (6-oz) confit duck legs; 1 large onion, chopped (2 cups); 3/4 lb carrots (3 large) cut into 1/3-inch dice; 1 1/2 lb yellow-fleshed potatoes such as Yukon Gold (3 large), peeled and cut into 1/3-inch dice; 1 1/4 teaspoons salt; 3/4 teaspoon black pepper; 3/4 cup heavy cream; 1/4 cup Madeira; 1/4 cup chopped fresh flat-leaf parsley | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook duck legs, skin sides down, in a 12-inch cast-iron or heavy nonstick skillet over moderate heat, turning over once, until skin is golden and some of fat is rendered, about 8 minutes total. Transfer duck to a cutting board, reserving fat in skillet. When duck legs are cool enough to handle, remove skin with any visible fat, then chop skin and fat into 1/2-inch pieces and return to skillet (reserve meat). Cook over moderate heat, stirring occasionally and pressing down on larger pieces, until fat is rendered and skin is deep golden and crisp all over, about 5 minutes. Remove skin with a slo <END>
INPUT: salad, pearled barley, broccoli, olive oil, garlic, almonds
OUTPUT: TITLE: Broccoli and Barley Smoked Paprika Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup pearled barley, rinsed; 3/4 pound broccoli, cut into florets (1 large crown); 1/4 cup olive oil; 3 large cloves garlic, chopped; 1/2 cup whole raw almonds, chopped; 1 teaspoon smoked paprika; 3 tablespoons sherry wine vinegar; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 big handful baby arugula; 3/4 cup cubed manchego cheese (6 ounces) | INSTRUCTIONS: Add barley to boiling salted water and cook until tender, about 30 to 45 minutes. Add the broccoli the last 3 minutes of cooking and cook until tender yet still slightly crisp. Drain both in a colander in the sink and rinse under cold water to stop the cooking. Drain well then add to a large mixing bowl. Add olive oil to a medium skillet over medium high heat. Once hot, add the garlic and almonds and stir until the garlic and almonds are fragrant, about 1 minute. Turn off heat, sprinkle in the smoked paprika, season with salt and pepper, and stir for 30 more seconds. The residual heat will toa <END>
INPUT: Mexican, curried, Yukon gold potatoes, Kosher salt, unsalted butter, curry powder, cayenne pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Curried Potatoes and Chickpeas | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 pounds Yukon gold potatoes, peeled and cut into 3/4-inch chunks; Kosher salt; 3 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1 1/2 teaspoons curry powder; 1/4 teaspoon cayenne pepper; 1 15-ounce can chickpeas, drained and rinsed; 2 cups fried onions (one 2.8-ounce can); 1/2 cup plain Greek yogurt; 1/4 cup chopped fresh cilantro, plus leaves for topping; 2 tablespoons fresh lime juice; 1 jalapeno pepper, thinly sliced (remove seeds for less heat) | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. Put the potatoes, 2 teaspoons salt and enough cold water to cover in a medium saucepan. Bring to a boil, then reduce to a simmer and cook until the potatoes are almost tender, 3 to 6 minutes. Reserve 1 cup cooking water, then drain the potatoes. 2. Melt the butter in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Add the potatoes and cook, stirring occasionally, until golden, about 8 minutes. Stir in the curry powder and cayenne and cook, stirring, 30 seconds. 3. Add the chickpeas, 1 cup fried onions and 1/2 cup reserved cooking water; cook, mashing the potatoes with a spoon, until heated through,  <END>
INPUT: Italian, pepitas, halibut fillets, kosher salt, pepper, virgin olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Halibut with Pepitas, Capers, Cherry Tomatoes, and Basil | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons pepitas (pumpkin seeds); 4 6 -ounce halibut fillets; 2 teaspoons kosher salt; 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 1 cup dry white wine; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1 1/2 tablespoons capers, drained and rinsed; 1/2 cup halved cherry tomatoes (quartered if they're big); 1/4 cup torn fresh basil, plus a handful of small leaves for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: In a small, dry skillet over medium-low heat, toast the pepitas lightly. Don't allow them to brown. As soon as you begin to smell them, remove the pan from the heat and transfer to a large plate. Set aside. Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Sprinkle the halibut on both sides with 1 teaspoon of the salt and the pepper. Heat the oil in a large skillet with an ovenproof handle over medium-high heat until it begins to shimmer but is not smoking. Place the fillets skin side up in the hot oil and sear until the fish begins to turn color, 2 to 3 minutes. Turn the fillets and add the lemon juice, win <END>
INPUT: chicken thighs, sea salt, pepper, unsalted butter, pearl onions
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cane Vinegar Chicken with Pearl Onions, Orange & Spinach | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 chicken thighs, each weighing 5 to 6 ounces (total of 2 1/2 pounds chicken thighs); 1/2 teaspoon sea salt; 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 16 pearl onions, peeled; 1/4 teaspoon smoked hot paprika; 3 garlic cloves, thinly sliced; 1 cup cane vinegar; 1 cup chicken stock; 2 large navel oranges, cut into supremes; 1 tablespoon fresh mint leaves; 2 cups cleaned spinach (stems removed) | INSTRUCTIONS: Season the thighs with the salt and pepper. In a wide, heavy-bottomed pot that has a lid, melt the butter over medium heat. Add the thighs, skin side down, and let them cook without moving them around for 7 minutes. You are encouraging good caramelization of the skin and developing a ton of flavor in the process. After 7 minutes turn the thighs over and add the onions, paprika, and garlic to the pot. Cook for 5 minutes and then add the vinegar, being careful not to let it flame up. This is a good time to get a spatula and loosen up all of those pan drippings. The vinegar needs to cook down by  <END>
INPUT: American, buffalo, low fat plain, mayonnaise, lemon juice, milk, Worcestershire sauce
OUTPUT: TITLE: Baked Buffalo Cauliflower Tots | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup low-fat plain yogurt; 1/4 cup mayonnaise; 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice; 1 tablespoon 2-percent milk; 1/4 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce; Pinch cayenne pepper; 1/2 cup crumbled blue cheese; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; Cauliflower Tots:; 1 tablespoon olive oil; 1/2 small onion, finely chopped; 2 small heads cauliflower; 1 cup almond meal or almond flour; 2 large eggs, separated; 1/4 cup hot sauce, plus more for serving | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: Cheesecloth For the blue cheese sauce: Whisk together the yogurt, mayonnaise, lemon juice, milk, Worcestershire and cayenne in a medium bowl until smooth. Gently stir in the blue cheese. Season with 1/2 teaspoon salt and pepper to taste. Refrigerate overnight or up to 3 days, covered, to let the flavors develop. For the cauliflower tots: Position an oven rack at the top of the oven, and preheat to 450 degrees F. Set a cooling rack on a rimmed baking sheet. Heat the oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Add the onion, and cook, stirring frequently, until browned and s <END>
INPUT: Mexican, tortilla, soup, mulato ancho chile, virgin olive oil, onion, garlic, plum tomatoes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tortilla Soup | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 3 dried mulato or ancho chile peppers; 1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil; 1 onion, sliced; 3 cloves garlic, smashed; 1 28-ounce can plum tomatoes; 1 tablespoon coriander seeds; 1 teaspoon ground cumin; 8 cups low-sodium chicken broth; 2 bay leaves; 4 sprigs fresh thyme; Kosher salt; 1 to 2 grilled chicken breasts, sliced; 3/4 to 1 cup crumbled queso fresco; 1 avocado, diced; Fresh cilantro | INSTRUCTIONS: Remove the stems and seeds from the chile peppers. Place in a bowl, cover with hot water and soak until soft, about 20 minutes. Drain the chiles, transfer to a blender and process to make a smooth puree. Heat the olive oil in a large pot over medium heat, then add the onion and garlic and cook until the onion is translucent. Add the tomatoes with their juice, 1/4 cup chile puree, the coriander seeds and cumin and cook about 5 minutes. Add the broth, bay leaves and thyme and bring to a boil, then reduce to a simmer and cook about 30 minutes. Strain the broth through a medium-mesh strainer into  <END>
INPUT: sticky, squashed, new potatoes, boned chicken thighs, Olive oil, Sea salt pepper, cherry tomatoes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Crispy and Sticky Chicken Thighs with Squashed New Potatoes and Tomatoes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 3/4 pounds new potatoes, scrubbed; 12 boned chicken thighs, skin on, preferably free-range or organic; Olive oil; Sea salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 1/4 pounds cherry tomatoes, different shapes and colors if you can find them; 1 bunch fresh oregano, leaves picked; Extra-virgin olive oil; Red wine vinegar | INSTRUCTIONS: Put the potatoes into a large saucepan of salted boiling water and boil until cooked. While the potatoes are cooking, preheat your oven to 400 degrees F. Cut each chicken thigh into 3 strips and place in a bowl. Rub the meat all over with olive oil and sprinkle with salt and pepper, then toss. Heat a large frying pan, big enough to hold all the chicken pieces snugly in 1 layer, and put the chicken into the pan, skin side down. If you don't have a pan that's big enough, feel free to cook the chicken in 2 batches. Toss and fry over a high heat for 10 minutes or so, until almost cooked, then remo <END>
INPUT: vinaigrette, orange juice, onion, lime juice, Dijon mustard, Ancho chile powder
OUTPUT: TITLE: Orange Vinaigrette | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup fresh orange juice; 2 tablespoons chopped red onion; 2 tablespoons fresh lime juice; 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard; 1 teaspoon Ancho chile powder; 1 tablespoon red wine vinegar; 1/2 cup olive oil; Salt and freshly ground pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: In a saucepan over high heat, reduce the orange juice until it forms a syrup. Let the syrup cool slightly. In a blender, combine the orange syrup, onion, lime juice, mustard, chile powder and vinegar. Blend for 30 seconds. With the blender running, slowly add the olive oil until the dressing emulsifies. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Pour into a squeeze bottle. May be prepared up to 1 day ahead and refrigerated. Bring to room temperature before serving. <END>
INPUT: virgin olive oil, Garlic, onions, cleaned octopus, Taggascia olives
OUTPUT: TITLE: Braised Octopus | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 6 Garlic Cloves; 12 small onions; 2 cleaned octopus, about 1 1/2 pounds each; 1 cup Taggascia olives; Peperonciono; 2 Bay Leaves; Salt to taste; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh Italian parsley | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: A heavy saucepan, 4-quart capacity, with a cover A heavy-bottomed skillet or saute pan, 12-inch diameter or larger Set the saucepan over low heat. Pour in 6 tablespoons of the olive oil. Scatter the onion in the bottom of the pan and add the garlic. Nestle the octopus on top of the onions. Scatter the olives over the octopus. Cover and let the octopus stew in its own juices for 1 hour. Uncover the octopus, there should be a lot of liquid from the octopus in the pan. Cover and continue to stew over low heat until the octopus is very tender, about 45 minutes to 1 hour and 15 m <END>
INPUT: gravy, smoked bacon, all purpose flour, each onion, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Crawfish Gravy | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound thick-sliced smoked bacon, cut into 1/2" pieces; 6 tablespoons all-purpose flour; 1/2 cup each finely chopped onion, green bell pepper, and celery; 1/4 cup seeded, finely chopped jalapeños; 3 tablespoons finely chopped garlic; 2 teaspoons Cajun Spice Mix; 3 cups low-salt chicken broth or shrimp stock; 1 pound peeled crawfish tails or coarsely chopped peeled shrimp; Kosher salt, freshly ground pepper; Cayenne pepper (optional); 1/2 cup chopped scallions; Ingredient info: Crawfish tails can be found at cajungrocer.com | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook bacon in a cast-iron or other large heavy skillet over medium heat until fat is rendered and bacon is crisp, about 12 minutes. Using a slotted spoon, transfer to paper towels to drain. Pour drippings into a small bowl; return 6 tablespoons to the same skillet set over medium heat. Whisk flour into drippings, reduce heat to low, and cook, whisking constantly, until roux is one shade darker than peanut butter, about 10 minutes. Add onion, pepper, celery, jalapeños, and garlic; cook, stirring frequently, until onion is soft, about 20 minutes. Increase heat to medium-high; stir in reserved ba <END>
INPUT: wine, granulated sugar, figs, lemon juice, mascarpone
OUTPUT: TITLE: Figs Poached in Red Wine with Oranges and Mascarpone Cream | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups dry red wine; 1/4 cup granulated sugar; 1 pound dried figs; 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, or to taste; 6 ounces mascarpone (Italian triple-cream cheese) at room temperature; 1 1/2 tablespoons light brown sugar; 3/4 cup sour cream; 4 navel oranges, peel and pith cut away with a serrated knife and the oranges sliced horizontally | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large saucepan combine the wine and the granulated sugar, bring the mixture to a boil, and simmer it, stirring, until the sugar is dissolved. Add the figs, simmer the mixture, covered, for 35 minutes, or until the figs are very tender, and add the lemon juice. Transfer the figs with a slotted spoon to a bowl and boil the liquid until it is syrupy. Pour the poaching liquid over the figs and let the mixture cool to room temperature. In a bowl with an electric mixer beat the mascarpone with the brown sugar until it is fluffy and beat in the sour cream. Arrange the orange slices around the ed <END>
INPUT: distilled vinegar, kosher salt, mustard seeds, chile flakes, dill
OUTPUT: TITLE: Quick-Pickled Zucchini | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups distilled white vinegar; 3 tablespoons kosher salt; 2 tablespoons yellow mustard seeds; 2 teaspoons red chile flakes; 6 sprigs fresh dill; 4 cloves garlic, thinly sliced; 3 medium zucchini (about 2 pounds), sliced into 1/2-inch-thick rounds; 1 small red onion, halved and sliced into thin half-moons | INSTRUCTIONS: In a medium saucepan over medium-high heat, bring the vinegar, salt, mustard seeds, chile flakes and 3 cups water to a simmer. Cook until the salt has dissolved, about 5 minutes. Divide the dill, garlic, zucchini and onions evenly between 2 quart-size mason jars. Pour the hot liquid into the mason jars to cover the ingredients and let cool to room temperature, about 1 hour. Serve immediately or cover with lids and store in the refrigerator for up to a week. <END>
INPUT: soup, whipped, garlic, olive oil, Kosher salt, shelled peas, heavy cream
OUTPUT: TITLE: Green Garlic and Pea Soup with Whipped Cream | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 bunches green garlic (about 1 pound); 4 tablespoons olive oil, divided; Kosher salt, freshly ground pepper; 2 cups shelled fresh peas (from about 2 pounds pods) or frozen peas, thawed; 1/3 cup heavy cream | INSTRUCTIONS: Cut dark-green tops from green garlic and slice crosswise 1/2" thick; slice bulbs and pale-green stalks crosswise 1/4" thick. Heat 2 tablespoons oil in a large saucepan over medium heat. Add bulbs and stalks, season with salt and pepper, and cook, stirring often, until beginning to soften, 8–10 minutes. Add tops and cook, stirring often, until soft, about 3 minutes. Add 4 cups water to saucepan and bring to a boil. Add peas, reduce heat, and simmer gently until peas are bright green and tender, about 5 minutes. Let cool slightly, then purée soup in a blender with remaining 2 tablespoons oil, a <END>
INPUT: flowers, Vegetable oil, all purpose flour, packs ranch buttermilk, Vidalia onions, boxes tempura batter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Crispy Onion Flowers | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Vegetable oil, for frying; 3 cups all-purpose flour; 2 packs ranch buttermilk salad dressing mix; 4 large Vidalia onions; 2 boxes tempura batter mix; 2 cups soda water, chilled; 2 cups low-fat mayonnaise; 1 pack sun-dried tomato pesto sauce mix; 4 tablespoons ketchup; Hot pepper sauce (recommended: Tabasco) | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat oil to 375 degrees F in a deep-fryer or a large, heavy Dutch oven (oil should come no more than halfway up the sides of the pan). Combine flour and ranch dressing mix in a shallow bowl. Set aside. Cut about 1/2 inch off the tops of the onions and peel them. Cut 12 vertical slices until you almost reach the bottom of the onion (do not cut all the way through). Remove the center of each onion. Don't throw away! In a second bowl, mix tempura batter with chilled soda water. Don't over-stir; batter should be slightly lumpy. Dredge each onion in seasoned flour, shaking to remove excess flour. D <END>
INPUT: vegetable canola oil, shallots, sugar, port, brandy
OUTPUT: TITLE: Caramelized Shallot Jus | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon vegetable or canola oil; 4 cups whole shallots, peeled; 3 tablespoons sugar; 1 cup port; 1 cup brandy; 1 cup chicken broth; Salt and pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat oil to smoking in a thick-bottomed 2-quart saucepan, add the shallots and the sugar. Reduce the heat to low and caramelize the shallots. When the shallots are nicely browned add the port and brandy. Reduce the liquid until syrupy. Add the chicken stock and bring to a boil. Season with salt and pepper. Reduce and thicken until the sauce naps (coats) the back of a spoon.; <END>
INPUT: tart, all purpose flour, salt, sugar, ice water
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pecan Tart | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup all-purpose flour; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 3 tablespoons sugar; 1/2 cup (1 stick) cold butter; 4 to 6 tablespoons ice cold water; 1/2 cup sugar; 1/2 cup corn syrup; 2 large eggs; 1 teaspoon butter, melted; 1 cup chopped pecans; 1 1/2 teaspoons vanilla extract; 2 large Rome apples, cored, peeled and chopped; 1 teaspoon lemon juice | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: 1 (9-inch) tart pan Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Place flour in a medium bowl, add salt and sugar and mix well. Add butter and cut into flour, using a pastry cutter, until butter is the size of small peas. Add water, 1 tablespoon at a time, mixing gently after each addition. Dough will begin to form a ball when enough water has been added. Gather dough with dry hands and form into an even ball. Let rest for 5 minutes. Roll pate brisee dough to a 12-inch circle. Place in a 9-inch tart pan and lightly press into pan. In a large bowl, combine sugar and corn syrup. Add eggs an <END>
INPUT: Asian, teriyaki, soba noodles grain, chicken stock, tamari soy sauce, mirin, sherry
OUTPUT: TITLE: Teriyaki Chicken with Soba | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: One 12-ounce package soba noodles or 1 pound whole-grain spaghetti; 1 cup chicken stock; 1/3 cup tamari or soy sauce; 3 tablespoons mirin; 3 tablespoons dry sherry; 3 tablespoons sugar; 2 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce; 2 thin slices fresh ginger root; 2 cloves garlic, crushed; 2 tablespoons high-temperature cooking oil; Four 6- to 8-ounce boneless, skinless chicken breasts; Sea salt and coarse black pepper; 2 mild frying peppers, cubanelle or Anaheim, seeded and cut into thin strips; 1 bunch scallions, cut into 2-inch pieces; 2 cloves garlic, thinly sliced | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Place a pot of water on the stove for the soba and bring to a boil. For the sauce: Place the stock, tamari, mirin, sherry, sugar, Worcestershire, ginger and garlic in small pot. Bring to a rolling boil and reduce by half, 15 to 20 minutes over medium heat. Reduce the heat to a low boil or rolling simmer. For the chicken: Add the oil to a skillet and heat over high heat. Sprinkle the chicken with lightly with salt and more aggressively with pepper. Cook 8 to 9 minutes, turning occasionally, then remove from the heat. Raise the heat again to high. Add the peppers a <END>
INPUT: Italian, blueberry, iced, blueberries, basil leaves, Pure Leaf™ Not
OUTPUT: TITLE: Peach Blueberry-Basil Iced Peach Tea | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: ¼ cup blueberries; 5 large fresh basil leaves; 1 bottle Pure Leaf™ Not Too Sweet Peach Tea | INSTRUCTIONS: Crush blueberries and basil with wooden spoon in 1-quart glass measuring cup. Stir in Pure Leaf™ Not Too Sweet Peach Tea. Strain and serve in ice-filled glasses. Garnish, if desired, with additional blueberries and basil. For a pitcher, simply double the recipe. For a cocktail version, simply add ¼ cup light rum. <END>
INPUT: sweetbreads, butter, onions, carrots, celery, lemons
OUTPUT: TITLE: Kobe, Avocado and Sweetbreads | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup butter; 2 diced yellow onions; 2 carrots; 1 bunch celery; 4 lemons, divided; Salt; 3 pounds sweetbread; 1/4 cup cream; 1 tablespoon smoked paprika; 1 cup all-purpose flour; Black pepper; Vegetable oil, for frying; 4 Hass avocados; 3 pounds cleaned and cut Kobe beef into 3-inch long strips; Salt and pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: In a stainless steel pot, add the butter and turn on the flame to medium. Let the butter melt and then add the onions and let them slowly cook until translucent. Make a simple court bouillon; chop the carrots, celery, 1 whole lemon, cut in half and add to a medium saucepan. Add 2 to 3 cups of water and bring to a boil. Add salt. Once the liquid is boiling, add the sweetbreads and cook for about 10 minutes. Once the sweetbreads have been blanching for 10 minutes, take them out and drop them in an ice bath. Let them cool down for about 3 to 5 minutes, take them out and peel off the outer membran <END>
INPUT: dark rum, lemonade, mint leaves, Ice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Rum Lemonade | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup dark rum; 3 cups lemonade, store-bought or homemade; 1/2 bunch mint leaves; Ice | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large pitcher combine the rum, lemonade and mint. Pour into glasses filled with ice. <END>
INPUT: relish, shallot, pomegranate seeds, olive oil, lemon zest, lemon juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pomegranate-Mint Relish | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 small shallot, chopped; 1 1/2 cups pomegranate seeds; 1/2 cup olive oil; 1 1/2 teaspoon finely grated lemon zest; 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice; 1 tablespoon red wine vinegar; 1 cup finely chopped fresh mint; Kosher salt, freshly ground pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine shallot, pomegranate seeds, oil, lemon zest, lemon juice, vinegar, and chopped mint in a small bowl; season with salt and pepper. DO AHEAD: Relish (without mint) can be made 1 day ahead. Cover and chill. Combine shallot, pomegranate seeds, oil, lemon zest, lemon juice, vinegar, and chopped mint in a small bowl; season with salt and pepper. DO AHEAD: Relish (without mint) can be made 1 day ahead. Cover and chill. <END>
INPUT: focaccia, water, yeast, unbleached all purpose
OUTPUT: TITLE: Focaccia with Sage | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup warm water (105°F. to 115°F.); 1 teaspoon dry yeast; 3/4 cup unbleached all purpose flour; 1 cup warm water (105°F. to 115°F.); 1 teaspoon dry yeast; 1/4 cup plus 2 tablespoons olive oil; 3 1/4 cups unbleached all purpose flour; 3 tablespoons finely chopped fresh sage; 3 teaspoons fine sea salt | INSTRUCTIONS: FOR SPONGE: Place 1/2 cup water in large bowl. Stir in yeast. Let stand until yeast dissolves and mixture is cloudy, about 10 minutes. Stir in flour. Cover with plastic. Let stand until very bubbly, about 45 minutes or less Place 1/2 cup water in large bowl. Stir in yeast. Let stand until yeast dissolves and mixture is cloudy, about 10 minutes. Stir in flour. Cover with plastic. Let stand until very bubbly, about 45 minutes or less FOR FOCACCIA: Place 1 cup water in small bowl. Stir in yeast. Let stand until yeast dissolves and mixture is cloudy, about 10 minutes. Stir dissolved yeast mixture  <END>
INPUT: besitos, smooches, Meat coconut, water, dark sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Besitos de Coco (Coconut Smooches) | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Meat of one fresh medium coconut, grated; 1 cup water; 1 1/2 cups dark brown sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine the water and sugar in a heavy bottomed saucepan. Bring to a boil. Reduce the heat to low and cook, stirring occasionally, until it becomes like a hard ball or reaches 275 degrees F. Add the coconut and continue cooking until no steam rises from the pot and all the liquid has evaporated. Using a tablespoon, drop the coconut smooches onto a greased cookie sheet and let cool. <END>
INPUT: bread, milk, lavender honey, lavender blossoms, all purpose flour, baking powder
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lavender Honey Tea Bread | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup whole milk; 2 tablespoons lavender honey*; 1 tablespoon plus 1/2 teaspoon dried lavender blossoms*; 2 1/2 cups all purpose flour; 1 tablespoon baking powder; 1/2 teaspoon baking soda; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1 8-ounce container sour cream (1 cup); 1 cup sugar; 1/2 cup (1 stick) unsalted butter, room temperature; 3 large eggs; 2 tablespoons powdered sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring milk to simmer in small saucepan; add honey and 1 tablespoon lavender blossoms. Stir until honey dissolves. Remove from heat; cover and let steep 30 minutes. Meanwhile, preheat oven to 350°F. Butter and flour decorative 10-cup fluted pan or Bundt pan. Whisk flour, baking powder, baking soda, and salt in medium bowl. Strain milk mixture into another medium bowl; discard solids in strainer. Whisk sour cream into milk mixtureto blend. Using electric mixer, beat 1 cup sugar and butter in large bowl until light and fluffy. Add eggs 1 at a time, beating until blended after each addition. Add f <END>
INPUT: American, feta cheese, virgin olive oil, Juice lemon, Greek oregano, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Feta Cheese and Marinated Greek Olives | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 8 ounces feta cheese, cut into 1/2-inch thick slices; 4 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil; Juice one lemon; 1/2 teaspoon dried Greek oregano; Freshly ground pepper, to taste; 1/2 pound Calamata olives, drained; 1/2 pound cracked green olives, drained; 1/4 pound Thassos olives, drained; 2 tablespoons dried Greek oregano; Pinch Aleppo pepper (crushed red pepper can be substituted); Zest and juice one lemon; 2 tablespoons fresh parsley, chopped; 1 cup olive oil; Fresh ground pepper, to taste | INSTRUCTIONS: Drizzle feta with olive oil and lemon juice. Sprinkle with oregano and pepper. Cover with plastic wrap and allow to stand at room temperature for 30 minutes, or marinate in the refrigerator overnight. Serve at room temperature.; Combine all ingredients in a heavy duty resealable bag (preferably freezer bag). Remove all air from bag prior to sealing. Refrigerate and let olives marinate overnight, turning once. Remove contents of bag to serving bowl.; <END>
INPUT: salad, walnuts, pomegranate juice, wine vinegar, olive oil, Dijon mustard, Salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spinach Salad with Dried Cranberries, Walnuts and Pomegranate Vinaigrette | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup pomegranate juice; 2 tablespoons white wine vinegar; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 2 teaspoons Dijon mustard; Salt and ground black pepper; 6 cups baby spinach leaves; 1/3 cup dried cranberries; 1/3 cup walnut pieces | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. In a small container with lid, combine pomegranate juice, vinegar, oil, and Dijon. Seal and shake to combine. Season, to taste, with salt and pepper. Place spinach on a serving platter and top with cranberries and walnuts. Pour vinaigrette over spinach and serve. <END>
INPUT: Italian, mexicana, meatloaf, panko breadcrumbs, milk, brisket, sirloin, olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mexicana Meatloaf with Cilantro Pesto and Crispy Tortilla Strips | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup panko breadcrumbs; 1/4 cup milk; 8 ounces brisket, cut into 1-inch cubes; 8 ounces sirloin, cut into 1-inch cubes; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1/2 cup finely diced yellow onion; 1/4 cup finely diced carrot; 1/4 cup finely diced celery; 1 poblano pepper, seeded and diced; 1 tablespoon minced garlic; 1 1/2 teaspoons ground cumin; 1 1/2 teaspoons dried oregano; 1 teaspoon ancho chile powder; 1 pound fresh chorizo, casing removed; 1 egg, beaten | INSTRUCTIONS: For the meatloaf: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. In a small bowl, stir together the panko and milk and set aside. Place the brisket and sirloin on a baking sheet and transfer to the freezer for 15 to 20 minutes to firm up. (This will make grinding cleaner and easier.) Grind the meat in a food processor or bench top grinder, following manufacturer's instructions. Cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate the ground beef until ready to use. Heat the olive oil in a large saute pan over medium-high heat. Add the onion, carrot, celery, poblano and garlic. Cook for about 5 minutes, or until the on <END>
INPUT: wine, orange juice, soy sauce, salmon fillets skin, Cucumber Sour Cream
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Salmon with Cucumber Sour Cream | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/3 cup dry white wine; 1/3 cup orange juice; 1/3 cup soy sauce; 6 6-ounce salmon fillets with skin; Cucumber Sour Cream | INSTRUCTIONS: Mix wine, orange juice, and soy sauce in 13x9x2-inch glass baking dish. Place salmon, flesh side down, in dish. Cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate 2 hours, turning occasionally. Preheat oven to 450°F. Line baking sheet with foil. Shake excess marinade off salmon. Transfer salmon to baking sheet, skin side down. Roast until fish is opaque in center, about 14 minutes. Sprinkle salmon with salt. Transfer to plates. Top with dollops of Cucumber Sour Cream. Mix wine, orange juice, and soy sauce in 13x9x2-inch glass baking dish. Place salmon, flesh side down, in dish. Cover with plastic wrap an <END>
INPUT: layer, filling, semisweet chocolate, all purpose flour, cake flour, baking powder, baking soda
OUTPUT: TITLE: Semisweet Chocolate Layer Cake with Vanilla Cream Filling | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 ounces semisweet chocolate, chopped; 3/4 cup all purpose flour; 3/4 cup cake flour; 1/2 teaspoon baking powder; 1/2 teaspoon baking soda; 1/2 teaspoon coarse kosher salt; 1 3/4 cups (packed) dark brown sugar; 6 tablespoons (3/4 stick) unsalted butter, room temperature; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; 2 large eggs; 3/4 cup buttermilk; 1 teaspoon unflavored gelatin; 1 1/2 cups chilled whipping cream, divided; 1/4 cup powdered sugar; 1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract | INSTRUCTIONS: For cake: Preheat oven to 325°F. Butter three 8-inch-diameter cake pans with 1 1/2-inch-high sides. Line bottoms with parchment paper round; butter parchment. Place chocolate in metal bowl set over saucepan of simmering water. Stir until melted and smooth. Whisk all purpose flour and next 4 ingredients in medium bowl. Using electric mixer, beat brown sugar, butter, and vanilla in large bowl to blend (mixture will be crumbly). Add eggs 1 at a time, beating well after each addition. Beat in warm melted chocolate. Mix in dry ingredients in 2 additions alternately with buttermilk in 1 addition. Di <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, cherry, rolls, sugar, phyllo
OUTPUT: TITLE: Bing Cherry Phyllo Rolls | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 2 ounces (about 1/2 cup) whole natural almonds, toasted; 1/4 cup sugar, plus 2 tablespoons; 10 ounces (about 35) Bing cherries, stemmed, pitted, and quartered; 4 phyllo sheets; 2 ounces (4 tablespoons) butter, melted | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Finely grind the almonds and 1/4 cup of the sugar in food processor. Put in a small bowl. (If you do not have a food processor, very finely chop the almonds. Put them in a bowl and stir in the sugar.) In a small bowl, toss the cherry pieces with the remaining 2 tablespoons sugar. Lay the sheets of phyllo flat on a work surface. Remove 1 sheet from the stack and place it on the work surface. Cover the remaining sheets with a kitchen towel. With a pastry brush, brush the single sheet with 1/4 of the melted butter and then sprinkle with 1/4 of the almond sugar.  <END>
INPUT: American, hawaiian, refrigerated pizza dough, virgin olive oil, pineapple, scallions, barbecue sauce
OUTPUT: TITLE: Hawaiian Barbecue Pizza | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound refrigerated pizza dough, at room temperature; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1/2 pineapple, peeled, cored and cut into rings; 1 bunch scallions, green parts finely chopped; 1/4 cup barbecue sauce; 1 tomato, diced; 1 cup shredded pepper jack cheese (about 4 ounces); 1/2 cup shredded muenster cheese (about 2 ounces); 1/4 pound deli-sliced ham, cut into large pieces | INSTRUCTIONS: Put an inverted baking sheet or pizza stone in the oven and preheat to 475 degrees F. Line another inverted baking sheet with parchment paper. Brush the dough with the olive oil and center it on the parchment. Cover with another piece of parchment; set aside. Heat a grill pan over medium-high heat. Grill the pineapple rings until marked, about 4 minutes per side. Transfer to a plate. Grill the scallion whites, turning, until charred, about 4 minutes. Transfer to the plate with the pineapple. Combine the barbecue sauce and tomato in a small bowl. Stretch the pizza dough to 10 by 14 inches on th <END>
INPUT: onions, vegetable oil, Turkish bay leaves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Beer-Braised Beef and Onions | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 pounds onions; 1 (5-pound) boneless beef chuck roast, tied; 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, divided; 2 Turkish bay leaves or 1 California; 2 (12-ounces) bottles pilsner-style beer such as Budweiser; 2 tablespoons red-wine vinegar | INSTRUCTIONS: Halve onions lengthwise, then slice lengthwise 1/4 inch thick. Pat beef dry and season all over with 2 1/2 teaspoons salt and 1 teaspoon pepper. Heat 1 tablespoon oil in a wide 5-to 6-quart heavy pot over medium-high heat until it shimmers. Brown beef on all sides, about 15 minutes, then transfer to a plate. Cook onions with bay leaves and 1/2 teaspoon salt in remaining tablespoon oil in pot, scraping up brown bits from bottom and stirring occasionally, until onions are well browned, about 25 minutes. Meanwhile, preheat oven to 350°F with rack in middle. Cut a round of parchment paper the diam <END>
INPUT: stir, leeks, vegetable oil, Kosher salt pepper, pepper flakes, shrimp
OUTPUT: TITLE: Quick, Spicy Leek and Shrimp Stir-Fry | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 pounds leeks, preferably smaller, thinner ones; 3 tablespoons vegetable oil; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1/4 to 1/2 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes; 8 ounces peeled and deveined medium shrimp (16 to 20 count), halved lengthwise; 4 cloves garlic, thinly sliced; Serving suggestion: steamed white rice | INSTRUCTIONS: Trim the ends and dark green tops from the leeks and discard. Cut the leeks in half lengthwise, then crosswise into 1-inch pieces. Immerse them in a bowl of cold water, swish to remove any grit and lift them out into a colander. Clean the bowl, change the water and repeat until the water remains clear. You should have 6 cups leeks. Once they are all in the colander, toss them a bit with your fingers to separate the leaves. Heat a large skillet over high heat until hot. Add 1 tablespoon of the oil and swirl to coat the bottom of the pan. Add half the leeks and a generous pinch each salt and pep <END>
INPUT: Mexican, vinaigrette, carrots, beets, cucumber, Dressing, olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Beets with Carrots in a Lime Vinaigrette | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 6 medium carrots, scrubbed; 4 medium beets, scrubbed; 1 medium cucumber, peeled, seeded and sliced into 1/4inch thick crescents; Dressing; 6 tablespoons olive oil; Juice of 2 limes; 1/2 bunch cilantro, leaves only, chopped; 1 garlic clove, minced; 1/2 teaspoon coarse salt; 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 1/2 teaspoon ground cumin | INSTRUCTIONS: Using a steamer basket over medium boiling salted water, lightly steam the carrots and beets until tender and cooked through, about 12 minutes for the carrots and 1520 minutes for the beets. Remove carrots and beets and let sit at room temperature until cooled. Peel beets and cut into bitesize slices. Cut carrots on the diagonal. Mix vegetables in a large bowl along with the cucumber. Combine the dressing ingredients in a small bowl. Pour the dressing over the vegetables and toss to coat. Chill the salad until ready to serve. <END>
INPUT: seascape, chocolate, bittersweet chocolate, Cocoa butter, Powdered food coloring, Ice cubes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate Seascape | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 32 ounces white chocolate, tempered; 48 ounces bittersweet chocolate, tempered; Cocoa butter, melted; Powdered food coloring in various colors; Ice cubes; 16 to 32 ounces bittersweet chocolate, untempered | INSTRUCTIONS: For the Base: Place a piece of the bubble wrap, bubble side up, on your work surface. Using a large spoon or ladle, randomly drizzle white and bittersweet chocolate onto the plastic. Using an offset spatula, spread the two drizzled chocolates evenly, creating a marbled effect. You can make the base whatever size and shape you'd like it to be, however make sure it is at least 1/4-inch thick. Place in the refrigerator. For the Fish Mold: If you would like your chocolate fish to be painted on the outside, start by mixing together a few tablespoons of the cocoa butter with a small amount of powder <END>
INPUT: shortcake, blueberries, sugar, orange juice, orange zest, complete biscuit mix
OUTPUT: TITLE: Blueberries with Orange Zest Shortcake | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound frozen blueberries; 1/3 cup sugar; 1/4 cup freshly squeezed orange juice; 1 teaspoon orange zest; 2 1/3 cups complete box biscuit mix; 1/2 cup freshly squeezed orange juice; 3 tablespoons sugar; 3 tablespoons butter, melted; 8 ounces non-dairy whipped topping, thawed; 1/4 teaspoon orange extract | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 425 degrees F. For berries: In a small bowl, combine berries, sugar, orange juice and orange zest. Chill in refrigerator for about 15 minutes. For shortcake: In a bowl, combine box biscuit mix, orange juice, sugar and butter until soft dough forms (the orange juice will substitute for water in the boxed biscuit mix directions). Using standard-size ice cream scoop, scoop dough onto ungreased cookie sheet. Bake for 10 to 12 minutes or until golden brown. For topping: Stir orange extract into thawed non-dairy whipped topping. Do not overmix. Split shortcakes and top with berries a <END>
INPUT: Indian, sugar, curry powder, chile flakes, cumin, chicken breasts
OUTPUT: TITLE: Rub for Chicken Breast | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons brown sugar; 2 tablespoons curry powder; 1-teaspoon chile flakes; 1 teaspoons ground cumin; 6 boneless chicken breasts | INSTRUCTIONS: Mix together all the marinade ingredients in a small bowl. Arrange the chicken breasts in a shallow dish or plastic container, coat both sides of the chicken breast thoroughly, cover, and refrigerate for 2 hours. Saute or broil the chicken until the internal temperature of the chicken is at least 155 degrees.; <END>
INPUT: courtbouillon, fish stock, shrimp shell, salt, unsalted butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Shrimp Courtbouillon with Rice | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 (1-lb) can whole tomatoes in juice; 5 cups white fish stock; 1 1/4 lb medium shrimp in shell (31 to 35 per lb), peeled, reserving shells; 2 1/4 teaspoons salt; 2 1/2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1/4 cup plus 1 tablespoon all-purpose flour; 1 cup finely chopped onion (1 medium); 3/4 cup finely chopped green bell pepper (1/2 medium); 2 garlic cloves, minced; 2 1/4 cups water; 1/4 teaspoon cayenne, or to taste; 2/3 cup long-grain white rice; 1 1/2 cups thinly sliced scallion greens (from 2 bunches) | INSTRUCTIONS: Drain tomatoes, reserving juice, and finely chop. Bring stock and shrimp shells to a boil in a 3-quart saucepan, then simmer, partially covered, 15 minutes. Pour stock through a sieve into a bowl, discarding shells. (Stock will appear cloudy.) Devein shrimp, then halve lengthwise and toss with 1/2 teaspoon salt in a bowl. Chill shrimp, covered, until ready to use. Melt butter in a 6- to 7-quart heavy pot over moderately low heat, then add flour and cook roux, stirring constantly, until the color of peanut butter, 10 to 15 minutes. Add onion, bell pepper, and garlic and cook, stirring occasiona <END>
INPUT: Asian, panko, crusted, coconut milk, fish sauce, clam juice, wine, kaffir lime leaves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lemongrass-Panko Crusted Sea Bass | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups coconut milk; 1 tablespoon fish sauce; 1/2 cup clam juice; 1/4 white wine; 2 kaffir lime leaves; 1 tablespoon garlic; 2 shallots; 1 stalk lemongrass; 1 tablespoon fresh ginger; 1 ounce green curry paste; 1/4 cup brown sugar; 1/4 cup lime juice; 1/4 cup carrot, small dice; 1/4 cup celery, small dice; 1/4 cup yellow onion, small dice | INSTRUCTIONS: 2 cups panko 3 kaffir lime leaves 2 tablespoons dried lemongrass Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. For the Green Curry Sauce: Combine the coconut milk, fish sauce, clam juice, white wine, kaffir lime leaves, garlic, shallots, lemongrass, ginger and green curry paste into a saucepot. Reduce by 1/3 over medium heat. Add brown sugar and lime juice. Strain through chinois. For the Gingered Basmati Rice: Sweat the carrots, celery, yellow onion and fresh ginger in a medium saucepot. Add basmati rice and toast. Add water and turmeric, and bring to a boil then cover. Finish in the preheated oven for 15 t <END>
INPUT: Mexican, sauce, tomatillos, jalepeno peppers, onions, garlic, cilantro
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Vegetable Sauce | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2 pounds tomatillos, husked, washed, halved; 2 jalepeno peppers, seeded (use rubber gloves); 1 medium onions, halved; 12 cloves garlic; 1/4 cup chopped cilantro; 3/4 cup vegetable stock; Salt and pepper to taste | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 425 degrees F. Lightly oil a roasting pan or grill and place vegetables in a single layer. Roast until soft and golden brown, 20 minutes. Transfer roasted vegetables to a blender or food processor, add cilantro and stock and puree. Serve warm or at room temperature, with refried beans.; <END>
INPUT: root, vegetables, bacon, beef brisket, onions, four bottles beer, rutabaga
OUTPUT: TITLE: Beer-Braised Brisket with Root Vegetables | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 slices of bacon, chopped; a 2 1/2-pound beef brisket; 3 onions, sliced thin; four 12-ounce bottles of beer (not dark); 1 large rutabaga (about 2 pounds), peeled and cut into 1/2-inch pieces; 6 carrots, cut crosswise into 1 1/2-inch-thick pieces; 6 boiling potatoes, cut into 1-inch pieces; a beurre manié made by blending 2 tablespoons softened unsalted butter with 2 tablespoons all-purpose flour; cooked noodles as an accompaniment; 1/2 cup minced fresh parsley leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350°F. In a kettle cook the bacon over moderate heat, stirring, until it is crisp, transfer it to paper towels to drain, and pour off all but 2 tablespoons of the fat. Heat the fat remaining in the kettle over moderately high heat until it is hot but not smoking, in it brown the brisket, patted dry and seasoned with salt and pepper, and transfer it to a platter. Add the onions to the kettle, sauté them until they are golden, and add the bacon, the brisket, and the beer. Bring the beer to a boil and braise the brisket, covered, in the oven for 2 hours. Stir in the rutabaga,  <END>
INPUT: francese, All purpose flour, Kosher salt pepper, eggs, water
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken Francese | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 skinless, boneless, chicken breasts (about 11/2 pounds); All-purpose flour, for dredging; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 4 large eggs; 3 tablespoons water; 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 1/2 lemon, with rind, cut in thin rounds; 1/2 cup dry white wine, such as Pinot Grigio; 1 cup chicken broth; 1/2 lemon, juiced; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1/4 cup chopped flat-leaf parsley | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Put the chicken breasts side by side on a cutting board and lay a piece of plastic wrap over them. Pound the chicken breasts with a flat meat mallet, until they are about 1/4-inch thick. Put some flour in a shallow platter and season with a fair amount of salt and pepper; mix with a fork to distribute evenly. In a wide bowl, beat the eggs with 3 tablespoons of water to make an egg wash. Heat the oil over medium-high flame in a large skillet. Dredge both sides of the chicken cutlets in the seasoned flour, and then dip them in the egg wash to coat completely, letti <END>
INPUT: shake, unsalted butter, sugar, bananas, ice, vanilla ice cream
OUTPUT: TITLE: Caramelized Banana Shake | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 2 tablespoons brown sugar; 3 small or 2 large ripe bananas, halved lengthwise; 1 cup ice; 1 cup vanilla ice cream; 1 cup milk; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; 1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon, for garnishing | INSTRUCTIONS: In a nonstick pan over medium heat add the butter. Once the butter melts add the brown sugar and let the sugar melt and become bubbly. Add the bananas and cook until caramelized, about 2 minutes per side. Let cool slightly. Mix the ice, ice cream, milk, vanilla and bananas in a blender until smooth but still thick. Pour the shake into 4 chilled glasses and sprinkle with the cinnamon. <END>
INPUT: unsalted butter, mushrooms, shallots, Salt pepper, port wine
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Sea Bass with White Port | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 6 mushrooms, thinly sliced; 6 shallots, thinly sliced; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 cups white port wine; 2 cups clam juice or fish stock; 2 cups heavy cream; 2 red bell peppers, roasted, peeled, seeded and julienned; 2 cups green olives, sliced off pit and julienned; 6 (7-ounce) sea bass fillets; 4 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1/4 pound proscuitto, thinly sliced and julienned | INSTRUCTIONS: Melt butter in a medium saucepan over low heat. Add mushrooms, shallots, salt, and pepper, and cook until soft, about 10 minutes. Preheat oven to 450 degrees F. Raise heat to high, add Port, and reduce by half. Add clam juice or fish stock and reduce again by half. Add cream and reduce one more time by half. Remove from heat, strain sauce, and stir in peppers and olives. Reserve in a warm place. Season fillets all over with salt and pepper. Melt remaining 4 tablespoons butter in a large skillet over high heat. Saute fish for 1 minute. Turn over, transfer to oven, and bake, uncovered, for 3 to  <END>
INPUT: salad, jicama, beets, carrots, navel oranges, lime juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Jicama Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound jicama (about 1 large), peeled; 2 large beets, trimmed and peeled; 2 large carrots, peeled and cut into 3-inch lengths; 2 large navel oranges; 3 to 4 tablespoons freshly squeezed lime juice (about 2 to 3 limes); 2 to 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1/4 cup unsalted peanuts, toasted and coarsely chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: Using a mandolin or very sharp knife, julienne the jicama, beets, and carrots and combine in a large bowl. Slice off the ends of the oranges. Using a paring knife, remove the peel and pith from the oranges, following the curve of the fruit. Slice on either side of the membranes to remove the segments. Transfer the orange segments to the jicama mixture. Squeeze enough juice from the membranes into a bowl, to make 1/4 cup. Whisk the lime juice into the orange juice. While whisking, drizzle in the oil to make smooth vinaigrette. Pour the vinaigrette over jicama mixture, toss to coat, and season w <END>
INPUT: garlic, herbs, virgin olive oil, Coarse salt pepper, jumbo shrimp
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fresh Herb Marinated Shrimp | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 small head garlic, peeled; 2 cups chopped fresh herbs, such as cilantro, basil, parsley, tarragon, dill, or thyme leaves; 3/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil; Coarse salt and freshly ground pepper; 12 jumbo shrimp, approximately 1 1/2 pounds | INSTRUCTIONS: In a small bowl, combine garlic, herbs, and oil, and season with salt and pepper. Store, refrigerated, in an airtight container, for up to 1 day. Add shrimp, and marinate for 1 hour. Heat a grill or grill pan to medium heat. Remove shrimp from marinade, and grill for 1 to 2 minutes per side. <END>
INPUT: granita, lukewarm espresso strong, sugar, coffee flavored liqueur, orange lemon zest
OUTPUT: TITLE: Coffee Granita | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups lukewarm espresso or strong black coffee; 1/2 cup sugar; 2 tablespoons coffee flavored liqueur; 1 teaspoon orange or lemon zest | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine all ingredients and stir until sugar melts. Pour mixture into 9 by 13-inch metal pan and place on level shelf in freezer for half an hour. (Mixture should only come about 1/4-inch up the side of the pan.) Remove and use a dinner fork to scrape any ice crystals that have formed on the side or bottom of the pan. Return to freezer and repeat scraping every 20 to 30 minutes for 3 to 4 hours. Once mixture is thoroughly frozen, fluff with a fork and allow flakes to "dry" in freezer another half hour before serving. When served, the granita should look like a fluffy pile of dry brown crystals <END>
INPUT: sea salt, peppercorns, rosemary, garlic, thyme
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Suckling Pig with Mushroom Stew | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons/30ml sea salt; 1 tablespoon/15ml peppercorns; 6 sprigs fresh rosemary, minced; 4 cloves garlic, peeled; 4 sprigs fresh thyme, leaves minced; 1/4 cup/60ml olive oil; One 8-pound/4.2 kg suckling pig, cut into pieces; 4 shallots, halved; 2 heads garlic, halved horizontally; 1 pound/450g rapini, blanched; 3 tablespoons/45ml butter; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; Mushroom Stew, recipe follows, for serving; 2 cups/500ml dried mushrooms; Olive oil, for the pan | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C). For the roasted pig: Mash together the salt, peppercorns, rosemary, garlic and thyme with a mortar and pestle or in a food processor. Slowly add the olive oil to make a paste. Score the skin of the pig and rub with the herb mixture, making sure to get inside the skin. Place the pieces of meat in a large roasting pan. Add the shallots, garlic heads and 2 cups (500ml) water to the pan. Cover with foil. Roast for about 2 1/2 hours. Remove the foil during the last 30 minutes of cooking and baste often with the pan drippings until the skin is crisp <END>
INPUT: gazpacho, tomatoes, cucumber, bell pepper, onion, tomato juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Shrimp Gazpacho | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 large ripe tomatoes (about 2 pounds); 1 large cucumber, peeled, seeded, diced (about 1 1/2 cups); 1 green bell pepper, chopped; 1 red onion, chopped; 1 cup tomato juice; 1/2 cup bottled clam juice; 3 tablespoons red wine vinegar; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh basil; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley; 2 1/2 teaspoons Old Bay seasoning; 8 ounces cooked shrimp, cut into 1/2-inch pieces | INSTRUCTIONS: Blanch tomatoes in large pot of boiling water 30 seconds. Drain. Refresh under cold running water. Peel tomatoes. Halve tomatoes crosswise. Working over small bowl, squeeze gently to extract seeds. Discard seeds. Transfer tomatoes to processor. Blend until coarsely pureed. Transfer tomatoes to large bowl. Stir in all remaining ingredients. Season gazpacho to taste with salt and pepper. Chill until cold, about 2 hours. (Can be made 1 day ahead. Cover and keep refrigerated.) Serve cold. Blanch tomatoes in large pot of boiling water 30 seconds. Drain. Refresh under cold running water. Peel tomato <END>
INPUT: cured, salad, rosemary, thyme, lemon zest, light sugar, kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lemon Pepper Cured Chicken with Fennel Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons chopped fresh rosemary; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh thyme; 1 tablespoon lemon zest; 1 tablespoon light brown sugar; 2 teaspoons kosher salt; 1 teaspoon fennel seeds, optional; 1 teaspoon granulated garlic; 1 teaspoon granulated onion; 1 teaspoon coarse black pepper; 4 pieces boneless, skinless chicken breast (6 to 8 ounces each); Olive oil; 1 lemon, juiced; 1 teaspoon honey; Salt and pepper; 3 to 4 tablespoons EVOO | INSTRUCTIONS: For the chicken: Combine the rosemary, thyme, zest, sugar, salt, fennel seeds, garlic, onion and pepper. Then rub the mixture evenly into the chicken pieces, coating both sides. Place the chicken in a plastic food storage bag and chill several hours or overnight. To serve, heat a turn of the pan olive oil in a skillet, griddle pan or grill over medium-high heat. If using griddle or grill wipe with the oil then add the chicken. Cook the chicken 12 minutes, turning occasionally. Remove from the heat let rest a few minutes, then slice. For the salad: While chicken is cooking, whisk up the lemon j <END>
INPUT: tartar, sauce, fat free mayonnaise, fat free sour, onion, Italian parsley, capers
OUTPUT: TITLE: Salmon with Pink Peppercorn Tartar Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2/3 cup fat-free mayonnaise; 1/3 cup fat-free sour cream; 1/4 cup finely chopped red onion; 1/4 cup chopped fresh Italian parsley; 2 tablespoons drained capers, coarsely chopped; 2 teaspoons pink peppercorns, crushed; Nonstick vegetable oil spray; 2 1 1/4-pound skinless salmon fillets (head ends; each about 6 inches long by about 6 inches wide at thickest end) | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine first 6 ingredients in small bowl. Season with salt and pepper. Cover and refrigerate at least 1 day. (Can be prepared 4 days ahead. Keep refrigerated.) Preheat broiler. Spray 2 rimmed baking sheets with vegetable oil spray. Cut salmon crosswise into 1/4-inch-thick slices. Arrange slices in single layer on baking sheets. Sprinkle with salt and pepper. Working in batches, broil until salmon is just opaque in center, about 2 minutes (do not turn salmon over). Cover; chill until cold, at least 1 hour or overnight. Arrange salmon slices on platter. Serve salmon chilled or let stand up to 1 <END>
INPUT: crisp, almonds, all purpose flour, light sugar, old fashioned rolled
OUTPUT: TITLE: Plum Crisp | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 cup sliced almonds; 1 stick (1/2 cup) cold unsalted butter; 3/4 cup all-purpose flour; 3/4 cup packed light brown sugar; 3/4 cup old-fashioned rolled oats; 3/4 teaspoon cinnamon; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 3/4 cup water; 4 teaspoons cornstarch; 3 pounds Italian prune plums; 1/2 cup sugar; Accompaniment: vanilla ice cream | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 375°F. Preheat oven to 375°F. Make topping: On a baking sheet toast almonds until golden, 10 to 15 minutes. Cut butter into bits. In a food processor blend flour, brown sugar, 1/2 cup oats, cinnamon, salt, and butter until mixture resembles coarse meal. In a bowl stir together flour mixture, remaining 1/4 cup oats, and almonds. On a baking sheet toast almonds until golden, 10 to 15 minutes. Cut butter into bits. In a food processor blend flour, brown sugar, 1/2 cup oats, cinnamon, salt, and butter until mixture resembles coarse meal. In a bowl stir together flour mixture, remai <END>
INPUT: schnitzels, Vegetable oil frying, all purpose flour, panko, egg, milk
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken Schnitzels | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Vegetable oil for frying; 1/2 cup all-purpose flour; 2 cups panko, Japanese bread crumbs; 1 egg; 3/4 cup milk; 1 pound boned chicken breasts (or boned thighs) | INSTRUCTIONS: In a deep fryer or skillet, heat oil to 365 degrees. Place the flour and bread crumbs on separate plates. In a medium bowl, mix together the egg and milk. Diagonally slice the breasts and/or thighs 1/2-inch thick. Between waxed paper, pound to 1/3-inch. Dredge chicken in the flour and shake off the excess. Dip into the egg mixture to coat, then dredge in bread crumbs. Working in small batches, fry for 3 or 4 minutes on each side until golden brown. Remove from the oil with tongs and drain well on paper towels. <END>
INPUT: Italian, ricotta, milk, reduced fat, Deep fry candy, Cheesecloth
OUTPUT: TITLE: Homemade Ricotta Cheese | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 8 cups whole milk; 2 cups reduced-fat (2%) buttermilk; Deep-fry or candy thermometer; Cheesecloth | INSTRUCTIONS: Stack 4 large squares of cheesecloth in colander, leaving overhang. Combine milk and buttermilk in heavy large pot. Attach deep-fry or candy thermometer to side of pot. Place pot over high heat. Stir almost constantly as mixture heats and curds (small clumps) begin to form. When thermometer registers 175°F to 180°F, curds will separate from whey (liquid) and float to top. Turn off heat. Using large slotted spoon or skimmer, transfer curds to prepared colander. Gather cheesecloth around ricotta. Press gently, releasing some liquid (don't press out too much liquid or cheese may be dry). Return b <END>
INPUT: tricolor, soup, Spinach Matzo Balls, Tomato Matzo Balls, Turmeric Matzo Balls
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tricolor Matzo Ball Soup | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Spinach Matzo Balls; Tomato Matzo Balls; Turmeric Matzo Balls | INSTRUCTIONS: Prepare Spinach Matzo Balls , Tomato Matzo Balls , and Turmeric Matzo Balls . Include one of each flavor of matzo ball per serving. Prepare Spinach Matzo Balls , Tomato Matzo Balls , and Turmeric Matzo Balls . Include one of each flavor of matzo ball per serving. <END>
INPUT: salad, thousand, mayonnaise, lemon juice, tomato paste, Worcestershire sauce, Salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Hearts of Palm, Avocado, and Watercress Salad with Thousand Island Dressing | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup mayonnaise; 2 teaspoons lemon juice; 1 teaspoon tomato paste; 1/2 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce; Salt and black pepper; Hot sauce, to taste; Cold water, as needed to thin dressing consistency; 2 to 3 avocados, sliced; 1 can hearts of palm, halved; 2 to 3 bunches watercress, washed, trimmed | INSTRUCTIONS: Mix together all the dressing ingredients in a bowl and set aside. Arrange the avocado slices, hearts of palm, and watercress on a platter and drizzle with the Thousand Island dressing. <END>
INPUT: sherried, soup, beans, water, butter margarine, onions, celery
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sherried Black Bean Soup | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound dried black beans, rinsed and drained; 8 cups water; 2 tablespoons butter or margarine; 2 medium onions, chopped; 1 stalk celery, thinly sliced; 1 medium carrot, shredded; 1 clove garlic, minced or pressed; 1 ham hock (about 1 pound); 1/4 cup chopped fresh parsley leaves; 1 teaspoon salt; 1/8 teaspoon cayenne pepper; 1/8 teaspoon whole cloves; 1/8 teaspoon mustard seed; 1 bay leaf; 1/3 cup dry sherry | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large, heavy saucepan, bring the beans and 4 cups of water to a boil. Boil briskly for 2 minutes, then remove from the heat and let stand, covered, for 1 hour. In a 5-quart Dutch oven, melt the butter. Add the onions, celery, carrot, and garlic, and cook until soft but not browned. Add the ham hock, the remaining 4 cups water, parsley, salt, cayenne pepper, cloves, mustard seed, bay leaf, and beans (with their liquid). Bring to a boil, cover, reduce heat, and simmer for about 3 hours. Remove the ham hocks and let cool slightly. Remove and discard bay leaf. Place about half of the beans wi <END>
INPUT: American, crust, all purpose flour, sugar, salt, pure vegetable shortening
OUTPUT: TITLE: Apple Pie with Cheddar Crust | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 1/2 cups all purpose flour; 1 tablespoon sugar; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/2 cup (1 stick) chilled unsalted butter, cut into 1/2-inch cubes; 6 tablespoons chilled pure vegetable shortening, cut into 1/2-inch cubes; 1 cup (firmly packed) coarsely grated sharp cheddar cheese; 5 tablespoons (or more) ice water; 1/3 cup sugar; 1 1/2 tablespoons cornstarch; 6 6- to 7-ounce Jonathan, Jonagold, or Golden Delicious apples, peeled, cored, thinly sliced; 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice; Pinch of salt; 2 tablespoons (1/4 stick) chilled unsalted butter, diced | INSTRUCTIONS: For crust: Place flour, sugar, and salt in processor; blend 5 seconds. Add butter and shortening. Using on/off turns, blend until mixture resembles fine meal. Add cheese; mix in using 4 on/off turns. Transfer dry ingredients to large bowl. Sprinkle 5 tablespoons water over. Using fork, toss until moist clumps form, adding more water by tablespoonfuls if mixture is dry. Gather dough into ball; divide in half. Shape each half into disk. Wrap in plastic and chill at least 1 hour and up to 1 day. Place flour, sugar, and salt in processor; blend 5 seconds. Add butter and shortening. Using on/off tu <END>
INPUT: American, cali, mayonnaise, chipotle adobo sauce, ketchup, sweet pickle relish, Worcestershire sauce
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cali Burger | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup mayonnaise; 2 tablespoons chipotle adobo sauce; 2 tablespoons ketchup; 1 tablespoon sweet pickle relish; 1/4 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce; Canola or peanut oil, for frying; 1/4 cup all-purpose flour; 1 large egg, lightly beaten; 1 cup panko breadcrumbs; 2 large avocados, sliced; Kosher salt and coarsely ground black pepper; 1 pound ground chuck; Kosher salt and coarsely ground black pepper; 4 slices American cheese, optional; 4 sesame burger buns, lightly toasted | INSTRUCTIONS: For the chipotle secret spread: Stir the mayonnaise, adobo sauce, ketchup, relish and Worcestershire together in a bowl to make the spread. Set aside. For the panko-crusted avocados: In a medium pan over medium-high heat, add enough canola oil for deep-frying the avocado slices and heat until very hot. Put the flour in one shallow bowl, the egg in a second shallow bowl and the breadcrumbs in a third. Season the avocado slices with salt and pepper. Dredge the slices first in the flour, then dip in the egg and coat with the breadcrumbs. Fry the avocado in batches until the panko turns golden bro <END>
INPUT: stew, carrot juice, shiitake mushrooms, virgin olive oil, unsalted butter, barley
OUTPUT: TITLE: Carrot-Mushroom-Barley Stew | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups carrot juice; 10 ounces shiitake mushrooms, stems removed and reserved, caps sliced; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 4 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1 cup instant barley; 1 medium onion, chopped; 1 stalk celery with leaves, finely diced; 1/4 teaspoon dried rosemary, crumbled; Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper; 4 medium carrots, cut into 1/2-inch pieces; 4 cups kale or mustard greens, stems removed and leaves torn; 1 tablespoon grated peeled ginger | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring the carrot juice, 3 cups water and the mushroom stems to a boil in a saucepan over medium heat. Meanwhile, heat the olive oil and 2 tablespoons butter in a pot over medium-high heat. Add the mushroom caps and barley and cook until the barley is toasted, about 5 minutes. Add the onion, celery and rosemary to the pot and season with salt and pepper. Cook, stirring occasionally, until the onion is translucent, about 2 minutes. Add the carrots and cook 2 more minutes. Increase the heat to high and add half of the carrot juice mixture, leaving the mushroom stems in the pan. Bring to a boil an <END>
INPUT: eggplants, Coarse salt, Corn other vegetable, olive oil, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cavatelli with Swordfish and Eggplant | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 large or 2 small eggplants (about 11/2 pounds); Coarse salt, to taste; Corn or other vegetable oil, for frying; 3 tablespoons olive oil; 1 large garlic clove, very finely chopped; 2 green onions, finely chopped; 8 ounces swordfish, 1/2-inch thick, skin removed and cut into 1/2-inch pieces; Freshly ground pepper, to taste; 2 teaspoons white wine vinegar; 2 cups peeled, seed, and chopped fresh tomatoes or chopped canned Italian tomatoes with their juice; 1 teaspoon fresh oregano leaves or a pinch of dried oregano; 1 pound cavatelli; 1/3 cup freshly grated Pecorino Romano; Fresh oregano or fresh parsley, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Trim the ends off the eggplant and cut it into 1/2-inch dice. Place the eggplant in a colander set over a plate or in the sink and sprinkle generously with salt. Let stand for 1 hour. Quickly rinse the eggplant pieces. Place the pieces in paper towels and squeeze until dry. In a large deep skillet over medium heat, heat about 1/2-inch corn oil. To test the oil, carefully place a small piece of eggplant in it. If it sizzles and cooks rapidly, the temperature is hot enough. Add enough eggplant to make single layer. Cook, stirring occasionally, until crisp and browned. Remove the eggplant pieces  <END>
INPUT: meigas, wood chips smoking, eggs, poblano peppers, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Eggs Meigas Style | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup of wood chips for smoking, soaked in warm water for at least 20 minutes; 2 large, ripe tomatoes, sliced into 1/4 inch slices; 6 eggs; 2 poblano peppers (roasted, seeded, and deveined); 1 red onion (sliced in 1/8-inch rings), grilled; 1/4 cup Monterey Jack; 2 tablespoons chopped cilantro | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large roasting pan, or the bottom of a smoker, place a single layer of soaked wood chips. Place a 2-inch perforated pan or grill insert on top of the wood chips. Place the sliced tomatoes on top of the perforated pan or grill insert. Cover with foil, or the top of the smoker. Place on top of a burner, on medium heat. Smoke for 15 minutes. Remove tomato slices from pan and set aside. In a non-stick pan, cook the eggs sunnyside up. Put eggs on a cookie sheet and cover each with a layer of poblano peppers, grilled red onion, and smoked tomatoes. Cover with Monterey Jack. Cook in oven until c <END>
INPUT: pudding, wafers, sugar, cornstarch, heavy cream, egg yolks, unsalted butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Banana Pudding with Homemade Vanilla Wafers | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup sugar; 3 tablespoons cornstarch; 3 cups heavy cream; 4 large egg yolks; 1 tablespoon unsalted butter; 1 tablespoon vanilla extract; 3 ripe bananas; 1/2 cup unsalted butter, softened; 1 cup sugar; 1 large egg; 2 teaspoons vanilla extract; 3/4 teaspoon baking powder; 1 1/3 cups all-purpose flour; 1 tablespoon milk; Pinch of salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. For the pudding: Combine the sugar and cornstarch in a skillet. Gradually stir in the cream, making sure that all of the cornstarch dissolves. Set over medium heat and stir continuously, dragging the spoon along the bottom of the pan until the mixture starts to thicken. Whisk the egg yolks in a bowl. Mix a spoonful of the hot cream mixture into the eggs to warm them without cooking. Add the warm egg mixture to the skillet with the cream, then add the butter and vanilla. Stir until the butter is melted; remove from the heat and pour into a heat-proof bowl. Cover w <END>
INPUT: American, burger, low fat plain, horseradish, virgin olive oil, onions, thyme
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Portobello Burger with Onion Jam | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2/3 cup low-fat plain yogurt; 3 tablespoons prepared horseradish; 4 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 3 medium-large red onions, thinly sliced (about 2 pounds); 2 sprigs fresh thyme; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 cup red wine; 1/4 cup honey; 1/4 cup red wine vinegar; 1 garlic clove, crushed; 2 tablespoons balsamic vinegar; 4 large portobello mushrooms, (about 1 pound) stemmed; Lettuce leaves; 4 whole grain buns, or whole wheat English muffins, split and toasted | INSTRUCTIONS: Put the yogurt in a paper towel-lined strainer set over a bowl, set aside to drain and thickened, about 60 minutes. Discard the watery liquid. Whisk the horseradish into the thickened yogurt. Meanwhile, heat 2 tablespoons of the olive oil in a medium skillet, over medium heat. Add the onions, 1 thyme sprig, and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Cook, covered, until the onions have wilted, about 10 to 15 minutes, (give them a stir every now and then with a wooden spoon to prevent them from sticking). Add the red wine, and simmer over high heat until most of the wine gets absorbed into the  <END>
INPUT: relish, olive oil, Spanish onions, garlic, balsamic vinegar, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Balsamic Onion and Garlic Relish | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup olive oil; 2 Spanish onions, peeled and sliced 1/2-inch thick; 6 garlic cloves, thinly sliced; 3 tablespoons balsamic vinegar; 1 tablespoon sugar; 3 teaspoons salt; 1 teaspoon red pepper flakes; 2 tablespoons chives, chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: Pour the olive oil into a large skillet and place over high heat. Add the onions and garlic and cook, stirring to coat in oil. Reduce the heat to medium, add the balsamic, sugar, salt and red pepper flakes and cook 15 to 20 minutes, until the onions are velvety soft. Remove from the heat and let cool and add the chopped chives. Serve room temperature in a decorative bowl. <END>
INPUT: bottled mayonnaise, bottled pickled jalapeño, tomato paste, garlic, wine vinegar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Jalapeño Garlic Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup bottled mayonnaise; 3 whole bottled pickled jalapeño chilies, stems discarded, plus 1/2 jalapeño for garnish; 2 tablespoons tomato paste; 1 garlic clove, chopped; 1 teaspoon red-wine vinegar; 1/2 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce | INSTRUCTIONS: In a blender blend together the mayonnaise, the whole jalapeños, the tomato paste, the garlic, the vinegar, and the Worcestershire sauce until the mixture is smooth, transfer the sauce to a bowl, and garnish it with the jalapeño half. Serve the sauce with meat or chicken. In a blender blend together the mayonnaise, the whole jalapeños, the tomato paste, the garlic, the vinegar, and the Worcestershire sauce until the mixture is smooth, transfer the sauce to a bowl, and garnish it with the jalapeño half. Serve the sauce with meat or chicken. <END>
INPUT: latte, shots espresso, Vanilla Bean Simple, shot bourbon, milk, Cinnamon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chilled Bourbon-Vanilla Latte | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 shots espresso, chilled; 1 to 2 tablespoons Vanilla Bean Simple Syrup, recipe follows; 1 shot bourbon; 1 cup whole milk, warmed and frothed; Cinnamon, for dusting, optional; 1/2 cup granulated sugar; 1/2 vanilla bean, split, seeds scraped | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine the espresso, Vanilla Bean Simple Syrup and bourbon in a cocktail shaker with a few ice cubes. Shake for 10 seconds. Put the ice cubes in a tall glass, pour over the espresso mixture and top with warm, frothy milk. Dust with cinnamon if desired and serve. Combine the sugar and 1/2 cup water in a small saucepan. Bring to a boil over high heat and cook until sugar has melted, about 3 minutes. Add the vanilla bean and seeds. Let cool to room temperature, then remove the vanilla bean. Transfer the syrup to a bowl, cover and chill until cold. <END>
INPUT: dressing, lemon zest, Meyer lemon zest, lemon juice, Meyer lemon juice, grain mustard
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Asparagus and Spring Onions With Lemon Dressing | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 teaspoon finely grated lemon zest; 1 teaspoon finely grated Meyer lemon zest; 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice; 1 tablespoon fresh Meyer lemon juice; 1 tablespoon whole grain mustard; 1/4 cup olive oil, plus more; Kosher salt, freshly ground pepper; 2 large bunches thick asparagus, trimmed; 2 bunches spring onions, halved if large | INSTRUCTIONS: Prepare grill for medium-high. Whisk lemon zest, Meyer lemon zest, lemon juice, Meyer lemon juice, mustard, and 1/4 cup oil in a medium bowl to combine; season dressing with salt and pepper (if you don’t have Meyer lemons, use regular lemons in their place). Place asparagus and spring onions on a rimmed baking sheet and lightly drizzle with oil. Season with salt and pepper; toss to coat. Grill, turning once, until lightly charred and crisp-tender, about 4 minutes. Serve drizzled with dressing. Prepare grill for medium-high. Whisk lemon zest, Meyer lemon zest, lemon juice, Meyer lemon juice, mu <END>
INPUT: mexican, frozen, semisweet chocolate, cinnamon, vegetable oil, bananas, flaked coconut
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mexican Chocolate Frozen Bananas | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 9 ounces semisweet chocolate, finely chopped; 1 tablespoon ground cinnamon; 1 tablespoon vegetable oil; 6 medium bananas, peeled and halved crosswise; 2 cups toasted flaked coconut | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: 12 craft or wooden pop sticks Combine chocolate, cinnamon, and oil in a medium heatproof bowl and set over a pot of simmering water. Stir until mixture is evenly melted and smooth, about 5 minutes. Set aside to slightly cool and thicken, about 3 minutes. Meanwhile, line a baking sheet with aluminum foil, parchment paper, or a silicone baking mat and insert sticks lengthwise into the center of each banana. Place toasted coconut in a shallow plate. When chocolate is ready, tilt the bowl, and, working one at a time, dip the bananas evenly into the chocolate mixture. Tilt and tu <END>
INPUT: unsalted butter, anchovy paste, garlic, lemon juice, radishes French Breakfast
OUTPUT: TITLE: Radishes with Creamy Anchovy Butter | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 sticks unsalted butter, softened; 2 tablespoons anchovy paste; 1 garlic clove, chopped; 1/4 teaspoon fresh lemon juice, or to taste; 24 small radishes such as French Breakfast variety; or 12 regular radishes, halved | INSTRUCTIONS: Blend butter in a food processor with anchovy paste, garlic, and lemon juice until smooth. Season with salt. Serve as a dip for radishes. Blend butter in a food processor with anchovy paste, garlic, and lemon juice until smooth. Season with salt. Serve as a dip for radishes. <END>
INPUT: cranberry, sauce, onions, salt, sugar, Chinese five spice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cranberry Sauce with Dried Cherries and Red Onion Jam | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons (1/4 stick) unsalted butter; 2 cups chopped red onions; Pinch of salt; 3/4 cup sugar; 1 teaspoon Chinese five-spice powder*; 1 12-ounce bag fresh cranberries (3 cups); 1 cup dried tart cherries; 1/2 cup water; 1 tablespoon red wine vinegar; *A spice blend that usually contains ground anise, cinnamon, star anise, cloves, or ginger; available in the spice section of most supermarkets | INSTRUCTIONS: Melt butter in heavy medium saucepan over medium heat. Add onions and pinch of salt. Sauté until soft but not brown, about 7 minutes. Add sugar and five-spice powder; stir until sugar dissolves, about 4 minutes. Add cranberries, cherries, 1/2 cup water, and vinegar. Bring to boil. Reduce heat to medium and simmer until most berries have popped, stirring occasionally, about 15 minutes. Cool. DO AHEAD: Can be made 2 days ahead. Cover and refrigerate. Serve at room temperature. Melt butter in heavy medium saucepan over medium heat. Add onions and pinch of salt. Sauté until soft but not brown, abo <END>
INPUT: linzertorte, whipped, blanched hazelnuts, all purpose flour, unsweetened cocoa powder, cinnamon, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Apricot Linzertorte with Quark Whipped Cream | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups blanched hazelnuts, toasted , cooled (about 10 ounces); 1 1/4 cups all purpose flour, divided; 2 teaspoons unsweetened cocoa powder; 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 3/4 teaspoon salt; 1/4 teaspoon (generous) ground cloves; 14 tablespoons (1 3/4 sticks) unsalted butter, room temperature; 1 1/4 cups sugar; 1 large egg; 1 large egg yolk; 2 teaspoons finely grated orange peel; 1 cup apricot preserves; 2/3 cup chilled heavy whipping cream; 1/3 cup whole-milk quark* or Greek-style yogurt; Powdered sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 375°F. Butter 10-inch springform pan. Process nuts and 1/4 cup flour in processor until nuts are finely ground. Transfer to medium bowl. Whisk in 1 cup flour, cocoa powder, cinnamon, 3/4 teaspoon salt, and cloves. Using electric mixer, beat 14 tablespoons butter and 1 1/4 cups sugar in large bowl. Beat in egg, then egg yolk and orange peel. Gradually stir in dry ingredients. Spoon 1 1/2 cups batter into pastry bag fitted with 3/8-inch plain round tip. Spread remaining batter in pan. Bake torte bottom until golden, about 35 minutes. Cool in pan on rack 10 minutes. Maintain oven  <END>
INPUT: flaky sea salt, coffee, hot smoked Spanish
OUTPUT: TITLE: Coffee-Paprika Salt | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons flaky sea salt; 1 tablespoon freshly ground coffee; 1 tablespoon hot smoked Spanish paprika | INSTRUCTIONS: Stir 2 tablespoons flaky sea salt, 1 tablespoon freshly ground coffee, and 1 tablespoon hot smoked Spanish paprika in a small bowl to combine. Stir 2 tablespoons flaky sea salt, 1 tablespoon freshly ground coffee, and 1 tablespoon hot smoked Spanish paprika in a small bowl to combine. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, ancho chiles, chicken stock, pork shoulder, Salt pepper, olive vegetable oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pork and Ancho Stew | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 4 dried ancho chiles, seeded and stemmed; 4 cups chicken stock; 3 to 3 1/2 pounds pork shoulder, cut into 2-inch chunks for stewing; Salt and pepper; 2 to 3 tablespoons olive or vegetable oil; 6 to 8 cloves garlic, smashed from skins; 3 to 4 medium carrots, chopped; 2 large fresh bay leaves or dried pimento leaves; 2 onions, chopped; 1 jalapeno pepper, chopped; 1 teaspoon ground cumin; Pinch ground cloves; Small piece cinnamon stick; 2 limes, juiced; One 28- to 32-ounce can plum tomatoes | INSTRUCTIONS: Add the anchos to a medium pot with the chicken stock, and bring to a simmer. Heat until the chiles are softened, about 15 minutes. Pat the meat dry and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Heat a large Dutch oven with the oil over medium-high heat. Brown the meat in batches and remove to a plate. Add more oil, as necessary. Add the garlic, carrots, bay leaves, onions, jalapenos, cumin, cloves and some salt and pepper. Cook partially covered for a few minutes. Puree the anchos and stock together. Add the ancho stock to the Dutch oven with the cinnamon stick, lime juice, tomatoes (mash up the tomatoe <END>
INPUT: olive oil, Spanish smoked paprika, cumin, cayenne pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spicy Baked Chickpeas | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 (15-ounce) cans chickpeas; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1 teaspoon Spanish smoked paprika; 1 teaspoon ground cumin; Pinch cayenne pepper, or to taste; Kosher salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Rinse and drain the chickpeas and dry by rolling them around in a kitchen towel. Combine the oil, paprika cumin, cayenne and salt in a large bowl. Add chickpeas and toss to coat evenly. Transfer the chickpeas to a parchment-lined baking sheet and spread them out in a single layer. Bake until golden and crispy, 25 to 35 minutes, shaking the tray to toss after 15 minutes. Remove the baking sheet from the oven and transfer the chickpeas to a serving bowl. <END>
INPUT: diver scallops, virgin olive oil, garlic, thyme, kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sea Scallops | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 16 medium diver scallops, cleaned; 1/8 cup extra-virgin olive oil, plus more for searing; 2 teaspoons minced garlic; 1 tablespoon finely chopped thyme; 1 teaspoon kosher salt; 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 2 cups field greens | INSTRUCTIONS: In a medium bowl, marinate the scallops with olive oil, garlic, thyme, salt, and pepper. Let them marinate for 20 minutes. Heat enough olive oil to lightly coat the bottom of a medium saute pan over medium-high heat. Add the scallops. Cook quickly in each side until golden brown, about 1 to 2 minutes per side. Remove from the heat and place 4 scallops around a mound of greens. Repeat. <END>
INPUT: passover, crisp, matzo farfel, honey, sweet, matzo meal, almonds
OUTPUT: TITLE: Passover Fruit Crisp with Coco-Loconut Topping | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 cup matzo farfel; 1/4 cup honey, heated in microwave 15 to 20 seconds; 2 tablespoons sweet, unsalted butter, plus 1 stick (4 ounces); 1/2 cup matzo meal; 1/2 cup ground almonds; 2/3 cup packed brown sugar (dark or light); 1/4 teaspoon ground cinnamon, plus 1 to 2 teaspoons; 1/4 teaspoon ground cloves; 1-cup medium finely chopped walnuts; 10 to 12 cups sliced fruit of choice-use favorite combo of peaches, nectarines, blueberries, blackberries, apples, rhubarb, cranberries, plums, and pe; 5 to 6 tablespoons potato starch; 6 tablespoons sugar; 1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract; 1/2 teaspoon ground ginger; Coco-loconut Topping, recipe follows | INSTRUCTIONS: In a mixing bowl, toss farfel with heated honey. Melt 2 tablespoons of butter in frying pan, and add honey farfel mixture. Fry until browned. Mix matzo meal, ground almonds, brown sugar, 1/4 teaspoon ground cinnamon, ground cloves, and remaining butter in a food processor and pulse until clumpy crumbs form. Stir in walnuts and farfel/honey mixture and set topping aside until needed. Can be made 1 to 2 days ahead, covered and refrigerated. Preheat oven to 375 to 400 degrees F. Combine sliced fruit, potato starch, sugar, vanilla extract, and ground ginger in a large bowl and toss to coat. Transf <END>
INPUT: cookies, butter, granulated sugar, egg yolk, orange peel, all purpose flour
OUTPUT: TITLE: Orange-Chocolate Cookies | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup butter, softened; 1 cup granulated sugar; 1 egg yolk; 2 teaspoons finely shredded orange peel; 2 cups all-purpose flour; 1/4 cup orange marmalade; 6 ounces bittersweet chocolate; 1 tablespoon shortening | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large mixing bowl, beat butter with electric mixer on medium to high speed for 30 seconds. Add sugar. Beat until combined, scraping sides of the bowl occasionally. Beat in egg yolk and orange peel. Beat in as much flour as you can with the mixer. Stir in any remaining flour. On a lightly floured surface, roll dough to 1/2 inch thickness. Using a 1 1/2-inch round cookie cutter, cut into rounds. Press your thumb into center and fill with 1/4 teaspoon orange marmalade. Bake on parchment-lined baking sheets in a 375-degree oven for about 12 minutes or until edges are lightly browned. Transfer <END>
INPUT: conchiglie, broccoli, virgin olive oil, garlic, pepper flakes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Conchiglie With Clams and Mussels | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound conchiglie (small shells) pasta; 1 pound broccoli, cut into florets (about 4 cups); 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 3 cloves garlic, minced; 1/8 teaspoon red pepper flakes; 1/2 teaspoons kosher salt; 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 1 pound small littleneck clams, scrubbed; 1 pound mussels, debearded; 1 cup white wine; 1/3 cup chopped fresh flat-leaf parsley | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil over high heat. Add the pasta and cook for 6 minutes, stirring occasionally. Add the broccoli into the pasta water and continue cooking until the pasta is tender but still firm to the bite, and the broccoli is blanched, about 2 to 3 minutes. Drain pasta and broccoli, reserving 1 cup of the cooking liquid. Meanwhile, in a large, heavy skillet heat the olive oil over medium heat. Add the garlic, red pepper flakes, salt and pepper and saute for 3 minutes. Add the clams, mussels, and wine. Cook for 5 minutes, making sure all the shells have opened. Disca <END>
INPUT: sour cream, mascarpone, confectioner's sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sour Cream Mascarpone | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup sour cream; 1/2 cup mascarpone; 2 tablespoons confectioner's sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: In a bowl whisk sour cream, mascarpone and confectioner's sugar; <END>
INPUT: brother, salt, Brussels sprouts, bacon, onion, unsalted butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: My Brother Brussels | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 teaspoons salt; 3/4 pound Brussels sprouts, ends trimmed, loose leaves removed; 1/2 pound bacon, thinly cut into 1/4-inch pieces; 1 1/2 cups diced yellow onion; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1 teaspoon freshly cracked black pepper; 1/4 cup grated Parmesan, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Fill a large pot 3/4 of the way with water and add 1 teaspoon of salt and the Brussels sprouts. Put the pot over high heat and bring to a boil. Let boil until the Brussels sprouts are just fork tender about, 8 to 10 minutes. Remove from the heat, drain the sprouts and transfer to an ice bath. Let cool completely, then drain and set aside. Cut the Brussels sprouts into 1/4-inch lengthwise slices and set aside. Add the bacon to a medium saute pan, and cook until just crisp, then remove to a paper towel lined plate to drain. Adjust heat to medium-high, add the onion <END>
INPUT: herb, salad, onion, wine vinegar, sugar, preserved lemon, cilantro leaves tender
OUTPUT: TITLE: Herb Salad with Pickled Red Onion and Preserved Lemon | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 medium red onion, thinly sliced; 1 cup red wine vinegar; 1/2 cup sugar; 1/2 preserved lemon, flesh removed, peel sliced into thin strips; 1 cup cilantro leaves with tender stems; 1 cup mint leaves; 1 cup parsley leaves with tender stems; 1/2 cup dill sprigs; Olive oil and flaky sea salt (for serving) | INSTRUCTIONS: Place onion in a small heatproof bowl. Bring vinegar and sugar to a boil in a small saucepan, stirring to dissolve sugar. Pour over onion and let cool. Drain onion and place in a medium bowl; add preserved lemon, cilantro, mint, parsley, and dill and toss to combine. Drizzle lightly with oil, season with salt, and toss again to coat. Place onion in a small heatproof bowl. Bring vinegar and sugar to a boil in a small saucepan, stirring to dissolve sugar. Pour over onion and let cool. Drain onion and place in a medium bowl; add preserved lemon, cilantro, mint, parsley, and dill and toss to combi <END>
INPUT: cupcakes, sugar, all purpose flour, cocoa powder, baking powder, baking soda
OUTPUT: TITLE: Hot Cocoa "Cupcakes" | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cups sugar; 1 2/3 cups all-purpose flour; 1/2 cup plus 1 tablespoon cocoa powder, preferably Dutch-processed; 1/4 teaspoon baking powder; 1/4 teaspoon baking soda; 3/4 teaspoon salt; 2 eggs; 3/4 cup milk; 1/3 cup plus 1 tablespoon vegetable oil; 1/2 tablespoon pure vanilla extract; 3/4 cups very hot water; 1 cup heavy cream; 1 tablespoon sugar or 1 can real whipped cream | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: 6 fairly heavy China coffee cups Make the Cake: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Sift together the sugar, flour, cocoa, baking powder, baking soda, and salt. Transfer to a standing mixer fitted with a whisk attachment (or use a hand mixer) and blend briefly. Whisk together the eggs, milk, oil, and vanilla in a medium bowl. Add to the dry ingredients and mix at low speed for 5 minutes. Gradually add the hot water, mixing at low speed until just combined. The batter will be quite thin. Pour the batter into coffee cups and arrange them 1-inch apart on a sheet pan or a rectang <END>
INPUT: nantucket, seafood steaks, mayonnaise, Kosher salt, pepper, Lemon wedges
OUTPUT: TITLE: Classic Nantucket-Style Grilled Fish Steaks | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 seafood steaks, such as yellowfin tuna, halibut, swordfish, or sea bass, about 10 ounces each, 1 inch thick; 1/2 cup mayonnaise; Kosher salt; Freshly ground pepper; Lemon wedges, optional | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. Build a charcoal fire or preheat a gas grill. 2. Coat the steaks on both sides with mayonnaise. Season to taste with salt and pepper. 3. Place the fish on the cooking grate over direct medium heat. Cover and cook, turning once halfway through the cooking time, until the fish is opaque but still moist in the center, about 10 minutes. 4. When done, let the fish rest for 3 to 5 minutes. Serve with additional salt, pepper, and lemon wedges, if desired. 1. Build a charcoal fire or preheat a gas grill. 2. Coat the steaks on both sides with mayonnaise. Season to taste with salt and pepper. 3. Plac <END>
INPUT: salad, potatoes, sweet potato, mayonnaise, Dijon mustard, onion powder
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Potato Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 7 small to medium red potatoes, scrubbed and quartered; 1 sweet potato, peeled and cut into 1 1/2-inch cubes; 1/4 cup mayonnaise; 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard; 2 teaspoons onion powder; 2 teaspoons garlic powder; 1/4 teaspoon cayenne powder; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; Bacon-Green Onion Vinaigrette, recipe follows; 1 slice bacon, cut into lardons; 1/4 cup olive oil; 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar; 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley; 2 green onions, chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the grill. Place the red potatoes in a large saucepan and fill with cold water, covering the potatoes by 2 inches. Bring the water to a boil over high heat. Once the water begins to boil, about 8 minutes, add the sweet potatoes. Return to boil and cook for 8 more minutes. Drain the potatoes and set aside to cool. Meanwhile, in a medium bowl, whisk together the mayonnaise, mustard, onion and garlic powders, cayenne and some salt and pepper. When the potatoes are cool to the touch, toss them in the mayonnaise mixture and stir gently to coat. Using tongs, pl <END>
INPUT: Mexican, kebabs, vegetable oil, chili powder, paprika, cumin, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Marinated Vegetable Kebabs | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons vegetable oil; 1 teaspoon chili powder; 1/2 teaspoon paprika; 1/4 teaspoon ground cumin; 1/8 teaspoon ground red pepper; 3 tablespoons fresh lime juice; 2 tablespoons water; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro; 2 tablespoons tomato paste; 1 1/2 teaspoons honey; 2 cloves garlic, minced; Salt, to taste; 2 red peppers cut into 1 1/2-inch pieces; 2 green peppers cut into 1 1/2-inch pieces; 2 yellow peppers cut into 1 1/2-inch pieces | INSTRUCTIONS: In a medium bowl, stir ingredients together until smooth. Preheat grill or broiler. Thread vegetables onto wooden or metal skewers. If you use wooden ones, soak them in water for 1 to 2 hours before using to keep them from burning. You can make single vegetable skewers or use an assortment on each skewer. Lightly brush each skewer with marinade. Broil 4 to 6-inches from heat, 5 minutes per side or until browned or lightly charred and tender. If desired, serve with extra marinade for dipping. <END>
INPUT: Italian, marinara, bowl, quinoa, virgin olive oil, lemon juice, agave nectar, sun tomatoes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pine Nut Marinara Quinoa Bowl | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup dry white quinoa, rinsed; 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil, preferably cold pressed; 2 tablespoons lemon juice; 1 1/4 tablespoons agave nectar; 2 cups sun-dried tomatoes, soaked in water for 2 hours (1 cup soaking water reserved); 2 large Roma or heirloom tomatoes, diced; 1/2 small yellow onion, chopped; 3 to 4 cloves garlic, crushed; 1 handful fresh basil leaves, a few reserved for garnish; 2 teaspoons dried oregano; 1 teaspoon sea salt; Pinch hot pepper flakes; 1/4 cup pine nuts, reserved, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: For the quinoa: Thoroughly rinse the dry quinoa in a fine mesh colander. Combine the rinsed quinoa with 2 cups filtered water in a medium saucepan. Bring to a full boil, then reduce the heat to low and simmer. Cover the pan and cook until all the water is absorbed and the quinoa is fluffy and tender, 15 to 20 minutes. For the marinara: Add the olive oil, lemon juice, agave nectar to a high-speed blender. Then add the sun-dried tomatoes, Roma tomatoes, onions, garlic, basil, oregano, salt and hot pepper flakes to the blender. Blend until smooth, 30 to 45 seconds. Use a tamper if necessary to su <END>
INPUT: sauce, oil sun tomatoes, wine, wine vinegar, peppercorns, bay leaf
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sun-Dried Tomato Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup drained oil-packed sun-dried tomatoes; 1 cup dry white wine; 1/4 cup white wine vinegar; 10 black peppercorns; 1 bay leaf; 1 cup whipping cream; 1/2 cup chicken stock or canned low-salt chicken broth; 1 tablespoon minced fresh thyme or 1 teaspoon dried | INSTRUCTIONS: Place sun-dried tomatoes in food processor. Boil white wine, white wine vinegar, black peppercorns and bay leaf in heavy small saucepan until liquid is reduced to 3 tablespoons, about 8 minutes. Strain liquid into tomatoes in processor and puree until smooth. Return tomato mixture to same saucepan. Add whipping cream, chicken stock and thyme. Simmer until flavors blend, about 3 minutes. Season to taste with salt. Place sun-dried tomatoes in food processor. Boil white wine, white wine vinegar, black peppercorns and bay leaf in heavy small saucepan until liquid is reduced to 3 tablespoons, about <END>
INPUT: American, dilled, cloverleaf, all purpose flour, creamed cottage cheese, egg, dill
OUTPUT: TITLE: Dilled Walnut and Cottage Cheese Cloverleaf Rolls | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: a 1/4-ounce package (2 1/2 teaspoons) active dry yeast; 2 1/2 to 3 1/4 cups all-purpose flour; 1 cup creamed cottage cheese; 1 large egg, beaten lightly; 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh dill; 1 tablespoon dill seeds; 1/4 cup finely chopped walnuts; 1 tablespoon freshly grated lemon zest; 1 1/2 teaspoons salt; about 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted and cooled | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large bowl proof the yeast in 1/2 cup lukewarm water for 5 minutes, or until it is foamy. Add 1 cup of the flour, the cottage cheese, the egg, the dill, the dill seeds, the walnuts, the zest, and the salt and beat the mixture with a wooden spoon until it is combined well. Stir in 1 1/2 cups of the remaining flour, 1/2 cup at a time, and beat the mixture with the spoon until it is combined well. Turn the dough out onto a floured surface and knead it for 8 to 10 minutes, incorporating enough of the remaining 3/4 cup flour, if necessary, to form a soft, slightly sticky dough. Transfer the do <END>
INPUT: cakes, lump crabmeat, mayonnaise, spicy mustard, panko bread crumbs, jalapeno pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Baked Crab Cakes with Avocado Mousse | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound lump crabmeat; 2 tablespoons mayonnaise; 2 tablespoons spicy mustard; 1/2 cup panko bread crumbs; 1 teaspoon minced red jalapeno pepper; 1 teaspoon minced green jalapeno pepper; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh thyme leaves; 1 tablespoon chopped chives; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/2 teaspoon pepper; 1 medium lemon, juiced; 1/2 medium orange, juiced; 1 tablespoon olive oil; Salad, for serving, recipe follows; Avocado Mousse, recipe follows | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F. Pick through crabmeat to make sure it has no shells. Stir in mayonnaise and mustard. Add 1/4 cup of the bread crumbs, red and green jalapenos, thyme, chives, salt, and pepper and mix in thoroughly. Add the lemon juice and orange juice and stir to combine. Line a (1/2-cup) measuring cup with plastic wrap and pack cup with crab mixture. Pull plastic wrap so that molded crab mixture can be easily removed and place on a cookie sheet lined with waxed paper. Repeat until all of the mixture has been molded into cakes. Sprinkle 1/4 cup of bread crumbs on a plate and mix  <END>
INPUT: pancakes, maple syrup, rosemary, spelt flour, poppy seeds, sunflower seeds
OUTPUT: TITLE: Orange Poppy Seed Pancakes with Rosemary Maple Syrup | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup maple syrup; 3 rosemary sprigs; 2 cups spelt flour (or all-purpose flour); 1/3 cup poppy seeds; 1/3 cup sunflower seeds; 1 teaspoon baking powder; 1/2 teaspoon baking soda; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 2 1/4 cups low-fat buttermilk; 2 large eggs; 2 tablespoons melted butter; 1 tablespoon granulated sugar; 1 1/2 tablespoons grated orange zest, plus 1/3 cup orange juice (from 1 large orange); Unsalted butter, at room temperature, for pan and serving | INSTRUCTIONS: For the rosemary syrup: In a small saucepan, combine maple syrup and rosemary. Bring to a boil, then reduce to a simmer, cover, and cook for 8 minutes. Remove saucepan from heat and keep covered until you're finished cooking the pancakes. When ready to serve, discard the rosemary and transfer rosemary syrup to a serving vessel. In a small saucepan, combine maple syrup and rosemary. Bring to a boil, then reduce to a simmer, cover, and cook for 8 minutes. Remove saucepan from heat and keep covered until you're finished cooking the pancakes. When ready to serve, discard the rosemary and transfer  <END>
INPUT: hash, browns, virgin olive oil, onion, bell pepper, butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pepper, Ham, and Potato Hash Browns | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1 pound (2 large) baking potatoes, like russets, baked, cooled, stored in fridge over night, peeled, and cut into small dice; 1 cup finely chopped onion; 1 red or bell green pepper, finely chopped; 2 tablespoons butter; 2 cups cooked and finely diced ham; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 4 fried eggs, for garnish; 4 large baking potatoes, like russets | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat the oil in a large skillet over moderately high heat until hot. Add the potatoes and cook, stirring occasionally until golden brown. Add the onion and bell pepper and cook, stirring until tender. Transfer the vegetables to a bowl and add the butter and the ham to the pan. Cook, stirring occasionally until the ham is golden. Add the potatoes and vegetables back to the pan, and heat until crispy. Season with salt and pepper. If desired, top each portion with a fried egg.; Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. Scrub the potatoes, prick them with a knife in a few places, and roast on the middle shel <END>
INPUT: cake, sugar, eggs, sour cream, pure vanilla extract
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fresh Peach Cake | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 pound (1 stick) unsalted butter, at room temperature; 1 1/2 cups sugar, divided; 2 extra-large eggs, at room temperature; 1 cup sour cream, at room temperature; 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract; 2 cups all-purpose flour; 1 teaspoon baking soda; 1 teaspoon baking powder; 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt; 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 3 large, ripe peaches, peeled, pitted, and sliced; 1/2 cup chopped pecans | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Grease a 9-inch square baking pan. In the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, beat the butter and 1 cup of the sugar for 3 to 5 minutes on medium-high speed, until light and fluffy. With the mixer on low, add the eggs, one at a time, then the sour cream and vanilla, and mix until the batter is smooth. In a separate bowl, sift together the flour, baking soda, baking powder, and salt. With the mixer on low, slowly add the dry ingredients to the batter and mix just until combined. In a small bowl, combine t <END>
INPUT: country, milk, salt, course pepper, butter, stone grits
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spicy Low-Country Shrimp and Grits | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 cups milk; 1 teaspoon salt; 1 teaspoon course ground black pepper; 1 tablespoon butter; 1 cup stone-ground yellow grits; 1 teaspoon red pepper flakes; 1 tablespoon pepper sauce; 2 ounces grated Cheddar; 1 1/2 pounds (21 count) shrimp, peeled and deveined; 2 tablespoons Cajun seasoning; 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 1/4 pound diced andouille sausage; 2 teaspoons diced garlic; 1/4 cup butter; 1 teaspoon cayenne pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Grits: Bring milk, salt, pepper, and butter to a boil. Stir in grits, pepper flakes, and pepper sauce over low heat. When consistency is ready, in about 45 to 50 minutes add cheese and stir. Shrimp: Toss shrimp in Cajun seasoning and set aside. In a saute pan, over medium heat, heat the oil. Add the sausage and render for 3 minutes. Add garlic, stir for 1 to 2 minutes. Add the shrimp and butter and saute for 2 to 3 minutes. Stir in cayenne pepper, piquillo peppers, and pepper flakes. Add half wine (drink what's leftover), and fresh herbs and simmer for 2 to 3 min <END>
INPUT: American, salad, shallot, sherry wine vinegar, canola oil, virgin olive oil, Salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pickled Beet and Endive Salad with Goat Cheese and Walnuts | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 shallot, minced; 1/3 cup sherry wine vinegar; 1/2 cup canola oil; 1/2 cup extra-virgin olive oil; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 3 beets; 2 cupsPickling juice; 30 small Belgian endive leaves; 1 pear, peeled, cored, and thinly sliced; 1 cup soft goat cheese, crumbled; 3/4 cup walnuts, toasted and coarsely chopped; Salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: To prepare the vinaigrette: Place the shallots and sherry wine vinegar in a small bowl and slowly whisk in the canola and olive oils. Season to taste with salt and pepper. To prepare the beets: Peel the beets and place in a small saucepan with salted water. Bring to a boil and cook for 15 to 20 minutes, or until tender. Drain the beets and cool slightly. Julienne the beets and place them in a medium bowl with the pickling juice for 2 hours. Drain, discarding the pickling juice. Toss with 2 tablespoons of the vinaigrette and season to taste with salt and pepper. To prepare the salad: In a large <END>
INPUT: Italian, virgin olive oil, plum tomatoes, pepper, Kosher salt pepper, basil leaves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spaghetti with Tomato and Basil | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1/3 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 20 ripe plum tomatoes, peeled and seeded; Pinch crushed red pepper; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 6 fresh basil leaves, chiffonade; 1 pound spaghetti; 1 tablespoon unsalted butter; 1-ounce freshly grated Parmigiano-Reggiano, (about 2 tablespoons) | INSTRUCTIONS: In a wide pan over medium-high heat, heat 1/3 cup of olive oil until quite hot. Add the tomatoes, red pepper flakes, and season lightly with the salt and pepper. (I always start with a light hand with the salt and pepper because as the tomatoes reduce, the salt will become concentrated.) Using a potato masher, mash the tomatoes finely. (This will be easier to do as the tomatoes begin to heat up.) Cook the tomatoes for 20 to 25 minutes, until the tomatoes are tender and the sauce has thickened. Meanwhile, stack and roll the basil leaves into a cylinder and cut thinly crosswise into a chiffonade <END>
INPUT: diameter skinned potatoes, vegetable oil, horseradish, coarse Pommery seed
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted New Potatoes with Horseradish and Mustard | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 pounds 1 1/2-inch-diameter red-skinned potatoes, halved; 2 tablespoons vegetable oil; 2/3 cup finely grated fresh horseradish; 1/2 cup coarse Pommery seed mustard; 1/4 cup (1/2 stick) butter, melted | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 400°F. Brush 2 large baking sheets with oil. Toss potatoes with 2 tablespoons oil in large bowl. Season with salt and pepper. Spread potatoes on sheets in single layer. Roast until almost tender, about 30 minutes. Meanwhile, combine horseradish, mustard and butter in bowl. Spoon half of mixture over potatoes; toss well. Roast potatoes 15 minutes. Toss potatoes with remaining mustard mixture. Roast until very tender, tossing occasionally, about 10 minutes. Transfer to bowl and serve. Preheat oven to 400°F. Brush 2 large baking sheets with oil. Toss potatoes with 2 tablespoons oi <END>
INPUT: American, summer, salad, corn oil, crumbled soft mild, wine vinegar, oregano, cumin
OUTPUT: TITLE: Summer Rice Salad with Goat Cheese Dressing | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup corn oil; 1/2 cup crumbled soft mild goat cheese (such as Montrachet); 1/4 cup red wine vinegar; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh oregano; 1 tablespoon ground cumin; 1/2 teaspoon ground cloves; 4 1/2 cups water; 2 1/2 cups uncooked long-grain white rice; 1 teaspoon salt; 1 10-ounce package frozen corn, thawed, drained; 1 cup chopped red bell pepper; 1 cup chopped green bell pepper; 1 cup chopped red onion; 6 green onions, chopped; 1/2 cup chopped fresh chives or green onions | INSTRUCTIONS: For Dressing: Combine corn oil, goat cheese, vinegar, oregano, cumin and cloves in large bowl and whisk until well blended. Set aside. For Salad: Bring 4 1/2 cups water to simmer in heavy large saucepan. Add rice and 1 teaspoon salt and stir to combine. Reduce heat to low, cover and cook until rice is cooked through, about 20 minutes. Remove from heat and let stand 5 minutes. Transfer rice to large bowl. Fluff with fork. Pour goat cheese dressing over hot rice and let cool, tossing occasionally. Mix in corn, red and green bell peppers, red and green onions and chives. Season to taste with salt <END>
INPUT: Mexican, chili, creme, olive oil, venison shoulder, Salt pepper, onion, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Venison and Black Bean Chili with Toasted Cumin Creme Fraiche and White Cheddar Cornbread | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup olive oil; 2 pounds venison shoulder, cut into 1/2-inch cubes; Salt and freshly ground pepper; 1 large red onion, finely diced; 4 cloves garlic, finely chopped; 3 tablespoons ancho chile powder; 1 tablespoon pasilla chile powder; 1 tablespoon ground cumin; 1 bottle dark beer; 5 cups homemade chicken stock, or low sodium canned or water; 1 (16-ounce) can chopped tomatoes, drained and pureed; 1 tablespoon chipotle pepper puree; 1 tablespoon honey; 2 cups cooked or canned black beans, rinsed and drained; 2 tablespoons fresh lime juice | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat oil in a large Dutch oven over high heat. Season the venison with salt and pepper, and saute until browned on all sides. Remove the meat to a plate and remove all but 3 tablespoons of the fat from the pan. Add the onions to the pan and cook until soft. Add the garlic and cook for 2 minutes. Add the ancho powder, pasilla powder, and cumin and cook an additional 2 minutes. Add the beer and cook until completely reduced. Return the venison to the pot, add the chicken stock, tomatoes, chipotle puree, and honey, and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat to medium, cover the pan, and simmer for 45 m <END>
INPUT: punch, Champagne sparkling wine, mint leaves, honeydew melon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Limeade Punch | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 (5 or 6-ounce) can pink frozen lemonade concentrate; 1 (5 or 6-ounce) can frozen limeade concentrate; 1 bottle Champagne or sparkling wine, chilled; Chopped mint leaves, plus sprigs for garnishing; 8 small slices honeydew melon | INSTRUCTIONS: Place limeade and lemonade concentrate in a pitcher or punch bowl. Add Champagne and chopped mint and stir. Refrigerate until ready to serve. Pour into individual glasses and garnish each glass with a sprig of mint and a slice of honeydew. <END>
INPUT: Italian, pesto, oil sun tomatoes, lightly walnuts, Parmigiano Reggiano, pepper, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sun-dried Tomato and Walnut Pesto | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup oil-packed sun-dried tomatoes, plus 3 tablespoons of the oil; 1/2 cup lightly toasted walnuts; 1/4 cup grated Parmigiano-Reggiano; 1/4 teaspoon crushed red pepper; 1 clove garlic; 1/4 cup fresh basil leaves; Salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Add the sun-dried tomatoes and oil, walnuts, cheese, crushed red pepper and garlic to a food processor and process until smooth. Add in the basil and pulse just about 5 times to retain the color of the herb. Season to taste. <END>
INPUT: Italian, paella, virgin olive oil, chorizo, fideo pasta broken, Kosher salt pepper, paprika
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pasta Paella with Clams | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 6 ounces dried chorizo, thinly sliced; 12 ounces fideo pasta or broken angel-hair pasta; Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper; 1 1/2 teaspoons paprika; 2 cloves garlic, minced; 4 ounces green beans, trimmed and halved; 1/3 cup pitted green olives, halved; 16 littleneck clams (1 1/2 to 2 pounds), scrubbed; 1 jarred piquillo pepper, diced (about 2 tablespoons); 1/2 cup chopped fresh parsley; Lemon wedges, for serving | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat the olive oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Add the chorizo and cook, stirring occasionally, until golden and crisp, about 3 minutes. Remove to a plate using a slotted spoon. Add the pasta to the skillet and season with 1/4 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of pepper. Cook, stirring constantly, until toasted, about 3 minutes. Add the paprika and garlic to the skillet. Cook, stirring, 1 minute. Add 2 cups water, the green beans, olives and chorizo; nestle the clams in the skillet. Cover and cook until the pasta is tender and the clams open, 8 to 10 minutes. (Discard any unopened c <END>
INPUT: Mexican, salad, lemon, cumin, cinnamon, paprika, chili powder
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Red Pepper Salad | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 lemon; 1 teaspoon ground cumin; 1/4 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1/2 teaspoon paprika; 1/4 teaspoon chili powder, optional; 1 to 2 tablespoons olive oil; 2 (12-ounce) jars roasted red peppers, cut in 1/4-inch strips; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh parsley leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: Juice the lemon over a medium-sized glass bowl, discarding any seeds. Add the cumin, cinnamon, paprika, and chili powder, and whisk in the olive oil. Toss in the red pepper strips and season, to taste, with salt and pepper. Add the chopped fresh parsley and serve at room temperature. <END>
INPUT: poppers, jalapeno peppers, shrimp, Kosher salt, all purpose flour, cornstarch
OUTPUT: TITLE: Shrimp-Stuffed Jalapeno Poppers | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 12 medium jalapeno peppers; 12 large shrimp, peeled and deveined, tails intact; Kosher salt; 1 1/2 cups all-purpose flour; 3/4 cup cornstarch; 1 teaspoon Old Bay Seasoning; 1 cup lager-style beer; Vegetable oil, for frying; Malt vinegar, for serving | INSTRUCTIONS: Cut off the tops of the jalapenos and scoop out the seeds. Pat the shrimp dry and generously season with salt. Insert 1 shrimp into each jalapeno, leaving the tail sticking out. Whisk 3/4 cup flour, the cornstarch, Old Bay and beer in a medium bowl until smooth; set aside. Heat 2 inches of vegetable oil in a large pot or Dutch oven over medium heat until a deep-fry thermometer registers 350 degrees F. Whisk the remaining 3/4 cup flour and 1/2 teaspoon salt in a shallow bowl. Working in batches, dredge the jalapenos in the flour, shaking off any excess, then dip in the beer batter, coating the  <END>
INPUT: Asian, rounds, smoked salmon, shallots, chives, lemon micro plane, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Smoked Salmon Rounds with Black Sesame Seeds | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 12 ounces smoked salmon, finely chopped; 3 teaspoons shallots, finely chopped; 3 teaspoons chives, finely chopped; 1/2 lemon grated with micro plane or zester; Black pepper; 1/2 cup black sesame seeds; 1/2 cup sour cream for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine salmon, shallot, chives, lemon zest and black pepper in a silver bowl. Lay out sesame seeds on a plate. With your hands, form smoked salmon balls about 3/4 inch in diameter. Roll in sesame seeds and place on serving platter. Serve with a tiny dollop of sour cream. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, sauce, salsa, Coarse salt, olive oil, blood oranges, cilantro
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Mahi Mahi with Blood Orange Sauce and Salsa | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 4 (6 ounce) mahi mahi fillets; Coarse salt; 1 tablespoon olive oil; 4 blood oranges, peeled and sectioned; 1 bunch cilantro, leaves only, roughly chopped; 1 Arbol chile; 1 small red onion, julienned; 1/4 cup olive oil; 1/4 cup red wine vinegar; 1 teaspoon coarse salt; 1/2 teaspoon cracked black pepper; 1 cup blood orange juice (about 6 blood oranges); 2 shallots, finely chopped; 1/4 cup red wine vinegar; 1/2 cup dry white wine | INSTRUCTIONS: Sprinkle fish with salt, brush with oil and grill until cooked through, about 3 to 4 minutes per side. To make the salsa, combine the blood oranges, cilantro, Arbol chile, onion, olive oil, red wine vinegar, salt and pepper. Mix well and set aside. To make the sauce, simmer blood orange juice over low heat until reduced to 1/4 cup, stirring occasionally to prevent scorching. Remove from heat and reserve. In a small saucepan, combine shallots and red wine vinegar and reduce over low heat. Add white wine and reduce again. Stir in cream and heat just to simmer. Remove from heat and stir in butter <END>
INPUT: American, sandwich, flowers, capers, chives, lemon juice, butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cucumber Tea Sandwich Flowers | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 (8-ounce) container salmon cream cheese spread; 2 teaspoons capers, minced; 1 tablespoon chives, finely chopped; 1/2 teaspoon lemon juice; 1/2 cup butter, softened; 1 tablespoon finely chopped tarragon; 30 slices thinly sliced white bread (recommended: Sara Lee); 1 English cucumber, thinly sliced | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: Medium sized star pastry tip In a small mixing bowl, combine salmon cream cheese, capers, chives and lemon juice. Stir to combine thoroughly. Make a pastry bag by cutting a small triangle out of the bottom corner of a large zip-top bag. Place a medium sized star pastry tip on the inside of bag and fit tightly into hole. Hold pastry bag upright with 1 hand and scoop salmon cream cheese mixture into the bag with other hand. Secure top and refrigerate until ready to use. In a small bowl, blend the butter and tarragon and set aside. To make sandwiches, spread tarragon butter on  <END>
INPUT: fontina, bucatini, butter, shallot, garlic, sage
OUTPUT: TITLE: Creamy Rabbit Spezzatino with Fontina Stuffed Bucatini and Funghi di Bosco | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 (2 1/2- to 3 -pound) rabbit, boned (reserve bones for stock and meat for spezzatino); 4 tablespoons butter; 1 shallot, chopped; 4 cloves garlic, crushed; 1 sprig fresh sage; 1 sprig fresh rosemary; 1/2 cup dry white wine; 4 cups water; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 8 tablespoons butter; 5 cloves garlic, sliced; 1 large shallot, sliced; 1 sprig rosemary; 1 sprig sage; 1/2 cup dry white wine | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: Pastry bag with 5/8-inch plastic tip To make the rabbit stock: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Chop up the reserved rabbit bones. Put the bones and butter in an ovenproof saucepan and roast until browned. Transfer the pan to the stovetop and set over medium heat. Add the shallots, garlic, sage, and rosemary and when they begin to turn golden, add the wine and cook until it evaporates. Add the water and simmer until reduced to one-third of its initial volume. To make the spezzatino: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Cut the reserved rabbit meat into 1-inch cubes and seaso <END>
INPUT: French, salad, sweet potatoes, Bosc pears, Olive oil, sage leaves, tarragon leaves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sweet Potato Salad | CUISINE: French | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 pounds sweet potatoes, peeled; 4 Bosc pears, peeled; Olive oil, for drizzling; 2 tablespoons fresh sage leaves, chopped; 2 tablespoons fresh tarragon leaves, chopped; Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper; 1/4 cup sherry vinegar; 1 tablespoon minced shallot; 1/2 teaspoon Dijon mustard; 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil; Kosher salt and cracked black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Line 2 sheet trays with parchment paper or foil. For the salad: Dice the sweet potatoes, beets and pears into similar size small cubes. Spread the sweet potatoes and pears evenly over one sheet tray and place the beets on the other sheet tray. Drizzle both sheet trays with olive oil and evenly sprinkle the sage and tarragon. Toss to coat and season generously with salt and pepper. Roast until vegetables are soft, 30 to 40 minutes. For the sherry vinaigrette: In a small mixing bowl, combine the sherry vinegar, shallots and mustard, and stir to combine. Slowly  <END>
INPUT: American, white, navy beans, water, garlic, olive oil, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: White Bean and Potato Pie | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups dried navy beans; 5 cups water; 4 garlic cloves, peeled; 9 tablespoons olive oil; 2 1/2 teaspoons salt; 2 medium onions, peeled and thinly sliced; 1/2 pound russet potatoes, peeled and diced; 1 tablespoon tomato paste; 1/4 teaspoon red pepper flakes; Freshly ground black pepper; 1 tablespoon fine dry bread crumbs; 1/2 cup freshly grated Parmesan cheese; 3 eggs, lightly beaten; 1 tablespoon minced parsley | INSTRUCTIONS: Place the beans in a stockpot with the water, garlic cloves, 2 tablespoons of the oil, and 1 teaspoon of the salt. Bring to a boil and simmer, uncovered, for 1 hour, or until the water has been absorbed. Transfer the beans and garlic to the bowl of a food processor fitted with the metal blade and puree them. While the beans are simmering, heat 6 tablespoons of the olive oil in a medium skillet. Add the onions and potatoes and cook over medium-low heat for 12 to 15 minutes, until the onions are golden and the potato tender. Stir in the tomato paste and pepper flakes. Season with black pepper an <END>
INPUT: cranberry, jelly, sugar, wine, water
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cranberry Rosemary Wine Jelly | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 (12-ounce) bags fresh or frozen cranberries (14 cups; do not thaw); 3 cups sugar; 2 cups dry white wine; 2 (5-inch) fresh rosemary sprigs; 3 2/3 cups cold water; 1 tablespoon plus 2 teaspoons unflavored gelatin (from three 1/4-ounce envelopes); Special equipment: a 6-cup nonreactive mold (see cooks' note, below) or glass loaf pan | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring cranberries, sugar, wine, rosemary, and 2 2/3 cups water to a boil in a 6- to 8-quart pot, stirring until sugar is dissolved, then reduce heat and simmer, partially covered, stirring occasionally, until all berries have burst, 8 to 10 minutes. Pour into a large colander lined with dampened paper towels and set in a deep bowl, then let stand until all juices have drained through, 10 to 15 minutes, and discard solids. If you have more than 4 cups cranberry liquid, boil in a small saucepan until reduced; if less, add water to bring total to 4 cups. Stir together gelatin and remaining cup wa <END>
INPUT: bread, all purpose flour, wheat flour, double acting baking, salt, cinnamon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Zucchini Raisin Nut Bread | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cups plus 2 tablespoons all-purpose flour; 1 cup whole wheat flour; 1 tablespoon double-acting baking powder; 3/4 teaspoon salt; 1 teaspoon cinnamon; 1/4 teaspoon ground cloves; 3/4 cup granulated sugar; 1/2 cup raisins; 1/2 cup chopped walnuts; 1 stick (1/2 cup) unsalted butter, melted; 2 large eggs, lightly beaten; 1/2 cup milk; 2 teaspoons grated lemon zest; 2 cups coarsely grated zucchini | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Butter a 9 by 5 by 3-inch loaf pan. In a bowl sift together the 1 1/2 cups all-purpose flour, whole wheat flour, baking powder, salt, cinnamon and cloves. Stir in the sugar. In a separate bowl toss the raisins and walnuts with the remaining 2 tablespoons flour. Add the butter, eggs, milk, lemon zest, raisins, walnuts and zucchini and mix until just combined. Pour the batter into the prepared loaf pan. Bake for 45 to 50 minutes or until the bread pulls away from the sides of the pan and tester inserted in the middle comes out clean. Cool bread in pan on a rack for <END>
INPUT: Italian, rainbow, purple potatoes, olive oil, Kosher salt pepper, parbaked pizza crust
OUTPUT: TITLE: Rainbow Pizza | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup purple potatoes, cut into 1-inch dice; 2 tablespoons olive oil; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 cup small (1-inch) broccoli florets; One 12-inch parbaked prepared pizza crust; 1 cup ricotta cheese; 3/4 cup shredded mozzarella; 2 tablespoons grated Parmesan; 14 pepperoni slices; 1/3 orange bell pepper, cut into 1/2-inch dice; 1/2 cup thinly sliced yellow squash | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Toss the potatoes with 1 tablespoon of the oil, sprinkle with salt and pepper, and then spread out on one half of a baking sheet. Roast for 10 minutes. Meanwhile, toss the broccoli with the remaining 1 tablespoon oil and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Remove the baking sheet from the oven and spread out the broccoli in an even layer on the other half of the baking sheet. Return to the oven and roast until the potatoes are cooked through and the broccoli is just tender, another 5 minutes. Let cool slightly. Reduce the oven temperature to 375 degrees F. Slice o <END>
INPUT: spring, market, young chicken, sea salt, pepper, olive oil, vidalia onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lemon and Garlic Chicken with Spring Market Vegetables | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 whole young chicken, about 3 1/4 to 3 1/2 pounds; 2 teaspoons sea salt; 2 teaspoons freshly ground black pepper; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1 large vidalia onion, diced; 3 cloves garlic, finely chopped; 2 large lemons, juice and zest reserved; 1/2 cup dry white wine; 1 to 1 1/2 cups hot chicken stock; 1/2 pound baby carrots with green tops attached; 1/2 pound pencil asparagus; 5 tablespoons butter; Salt and pepper to taste; Fresh thyme leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat the olive oil in a saute pan over medium heat. Add the chicken, skin side down, and brown well before turning to brown the meat side. When the chicken is well browned, add the onions, and cook until golden brown. Add the garlic and cook for 1 minute, add lemon juice and white wine, bring quickly to a boil, reduce heat to a low simmer, cover the pan with a tight fitting lid and cook for 5 to 8 minutes. Add 1 cup of chicken stock and continue to cook, covered, for an additional 15 minutes, or until the chicken is completely cooked. Add additional chicken stock if the pan dries out too quick <END>
INPUT: Italian, ravioli, brown, butternut squash, cinnamon, nutmeg, orange zest, chipotle puree
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Butternut Squash Ravioli with Sage, Hazelnut and Brown Butter Sauce | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 2 butternut squash, halved and seeded; Pinch cinnamon; Pinch nutmeg; 1 tablespoon finely chopped orange zest; 2 teaspoons chipotle puree; 1/4 cup finely chopped parsley; 1/4 cup finely grated Parmesan cheese; Salt and freshly ground pepper; 4 sheets pasta dough, 12 to 14 inches long by 4 inches wide; 2 eggs mixed with 2 tablespoons water; Chopped chives; 2 sticks unsalted butter; 1/4 cup coarsely ground hazelnuts; 8 sage leaves, chiffonade; Salt and freshly ground pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat oven to 450 degrees F. Place squash on a baking sheet and roast until soft 30 to 40 minutes. Scoop out flesh and run though a food mill. Place the puree into a medium saucepan and cook over low heat until almost dry. Add the remaining ingredients and season with salt and pepper to taste. Lay a sheet of pasta dough on a lightly floured work surface and distribute a heaping teaspoon-sized portion of the filling at least 2 inches apart. Use your fingertip or a brush to moisten the edges of the pasta sheet with the egg wash. Carefully place a second sheet of  <END>
INPUT: dessert, sauce, pears syrup, port wine, sugar, star anise, cinnamon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Poached Pears with Dessert Wine Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cans pears in syrup; 1 cup port wine; 1/2 cup sugar; 1 star anise, optional; 1 cinnamon stick, ground, or ground cinnamon, to taste; 1 tablespoon vanilla extract; 1 sprig fresh rosemary; 1 lemon, juiced; 1 orange, zested; 1/3 cup raspberry filling; Whipped topping, for garnish; Fresh mint sprigs, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Strain pears and discard syrup; set pears aside. Combine all ingredients, except the pears and raspberry filling, in a non-reactive saucepan and bring to a boil over high heat. Reduce the heat to a gentle simmer and add the pears. Add enough cold water to cover pears and simmer for 15 to 20 minutes. Once thickened, remove pears and chill. Add raspberry filling to port syrup and bring to a boil. Cook until reduced to the consistency of a glaze. Remove from heat and let cool to room temperature. Spoon pears into bowls and top with glaze. Garnish with whipped topping and fresh mint, if desired. <END>
INPUT: Italian, ratatouille, onion, garlic, olive oil, zucchini
OUTPUT: TITLE: Ratatouille with Penne | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 onion, sliced thinly; 2 garlic cloves, minced; 5 tablespoons olive oil; 1 (3/4-pound) eggplant, cut into 1/2-inch pieces (about 3 cups); 1 small zucchini, scrubbed, quartered lengthwise, and cut into thin slices; 1 red bell pepper, chopped; 3/4 pound small ripe tomatoes, chopped coarsely (about 1 1/4 cups); 1/4 teaspoon dried oregano, crumbled; 1/4 teaspoon dried thyme, crumbled; 1/8 teaspoon ground coriander; 1/4 teaspoon fennel seeds; 3/4 teaspoon salt; 1/2 cup shredded fresh basil leaves; 1 pound penne pasta | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large skillet cook the onion and the garlic in 2 tablespoons of the oil over moderately low heat, stirring occasionally, until the onion is softened. Add the remaining 3 tablespoons oil and heat it over moderately high heat until it is hot but not smoking. Add the eggplant and cook the mixture, stirring occasionally, for 8 minutes, or until the eggplant is softened. Stir in the zucchini and the bell pepper and cook the mixture over the moderate heat, stirring occasionally, for 5 to 7 minutes, or until the vegetables are tender. Stir in the oregano, thyme, coriander, and fennel seeds. Add  <END>
INPUT: sorbet, sauce, pink grapefruit juice, sugar, light corn syrup, pink grapefruit peel, Champagne other sparkling
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pink Grapefruit Champagne Sorbet with Pink Grapefruit Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 5 cups fresh pink grapefruit juice (from about 6 large grapefruits); 1 1/4 cups sugar; 1/4 cup light corn syrup; 1 tablespoon grated pink grapefruit peel; 3/4 cup Champagne or other sparkling wine; 2 pink grapefruits (optional); Fresh mint sprigs | INSTRUCTIONS: Stir first 4 ingredients in large saucepan over medium heat just until sugar dissolves. Strain into bowl, pressing on solids; mix in Champagne. Pour 2 cups juice mixture into medium saucepan. Refrigerate remaining juice mixture in bowl. Simmer mixture in saucepan until reduced to 3/4 cup, stirring occasionally, about 25 minutes. Refrigerate reduced mixture to use as sauce. Transfer juice mixture in bowl to ice cream maker and freeze according to manufacturer's instructions. Transfer sorbet to container; cover and freeze. (Sauce and sorbet can be prepared 3 days ahead.) Cut peel and white pith  <END>
INPUT: Italian, livornese, eel, wine, capers, Gaeta olives
OUTPUT: TITLE: Eel Livornese | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 2 pounds eel, filleted and skinned, cut into 4-inch pieces; 2 (28-ounce) cans San Marzano tomatoes; 1 cup red wine; 2 tablespoons capers; 12 Gaeta olives; 1 teaspoon red pepper; 1 teaspoon oregano; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 4 basil leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: In sauce pot bring to a boil tomatoes, red wine, capers, olives, red pepper, oregano, and salt. Cook for 15 to 20 minutes. In casserole, place eel with skin side down and pour tomatoes over it. Cover with foil and bake in a preheated 350 degree oven for 30 minutes. Garnish with basil leaves. <END>
INPUT: burgers, beef chuck, beef sirloin, hot Italian sausage, Salt pepper taste, Vegetable oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spicy Sausage Burgers | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 10 ounces ground beef chuck; 1/2 pound ground beef sirloin; 3/4 pound hot Italian sausage meat, casings removed; Salt and freshly ground black pepper to taste; Vegetable oil cooking spray | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. Combine the chuck, sirloin, sausage meat, and salt and pepper in a bowl. Using your hands, mix well. Form into 6 patties. Refrigerate until ready to grill. 2. Prepare a charcoal or gas grill: Lightly spray the grill rack with vegetable oil cooking spray. Light the coals or heating elements, and let them burn or heat until hot. 3. Grill the burgers for about 5 minutes. Turn and grill for 4 to 6 minutes longer for medium-well burgers. Be sure the burgers reach 155°F so that the pork is thoroughly cooked. 1. Combine the chuck, sirloin, sausage meat, and salt and pepper in a bowl. Using your ha <END>
INPUT: Italian, sliders, olive oil, onion, garlic, balsamic vinegar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Italian Chicken Sliders with Tomato Jam | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1 small onion, diced; 2 cloves garlic, chopped; 1 (15-ounce) can diced tomatoes; 1/4 cup balsamic vinegar; 1/2 teaspoon dried oregano; 2 tablespoons brown sugar; Pinch salt and freshly ground black pepper; 3 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley leaves; 1 pound boneless skinless chicken breast, about 2 large breasts; Salt and fresh ground black pepper; 3 tablespoons olive oil; 12 slices pancetta; 1 (8-ounce) piece fresh mozzarella, sliced into 12 slices; 12 small crusty dinner rolls, cut in half with a fork | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Heat the olive oil in a medium pot over medium heat. Add the onion and sweat for 3 minutes to soften. Stir in the garlic and let cook for another 2 minutes. Add all the remaining jam ingredients, except the parsley. Stir in 1/4 cup of water along with the onions and bring to a simmer. Turn the heat to low and let simmer for 25 to 30 minutes until most of the liquid has reduced and the tomatoes are soft. Remove from the heat and stir in the parsley. Pound out each piece of chicken until it's about 1/4-inch thick. Slice each breast into 6 pieces. Season generously  <END>
INPUT: burgers, kale, no salt added, pepper Jack cheese, roasted unsalted peanuts, stone cornmeal
OUTPUT: TITLE: Bean-Kale Burgers with Sweet Potato Wedges | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup frozen kale, thawed and squeezed dry; One 15-ounce can no-salt-added pinto beans, drained and rinsed; 1/3 cup finely diced pepper Jack cheese; 1/4 cup dry roasted unsalted peanuts, finely chopped; 5 tablespoons stone-ground cornmeal; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 large egg white; 2 large sweet potatoes, cut into 1/2-inch-thick wedges (about 1 1/4 pounds); 2 1/2 tablespoons vegetable oil; 1 1/2 teaspoons curry powder; 2 tablespoons lowfat mayonnaise; 4 whole wheat English muffins, split and toasted; Lettuce leaves, for serving, optional; Tomato slices, for serving, optional; Sliced red onions, for serving, optional | INSTRUCTIONS: Place a baking sheet on the bottom rack of the oven and preheat to 425 degrees F. Combine the kale and beans in a medium bowl and mash until the beans almost form a paste. Add the cheese, peanuts, 2 tablespoons of the cornmeal, 1/2 teaspoon salt, some pepper and the egg white. Form into four patties about 1/2-inch thick. Refrigerate for at least 20 minutes. (Can be made ahead and refrigerated overnight.) Toss the sweet potatoes with 1 tablespoon of the oil and the curry powder. Arrange in a single layer on the preheated baking sheet and bake until soft and golden in some spots, tossing about h <END>
INPUT: mission figs, manchego cheese, prosciutto, honey, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Prosciutto-Roasted Figs | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 40 small fresh mission figs; 4 ounces manchego or blue cheese; 20 prosciutto slices, halved; 1/3 cup honey; Freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Make a small slit in the side of each fig and stuff a raisin-size piece of cheese in the opening. Wrap a piece of prosciutto around each fig to enclose it. Stand the figs on a baking sheet. Bake until the prosciutto melts slightly and forms a skin around the figs, 12 to 15 minutes. Transfer to a serving platter. Drizzle with honey and season with lots of pepper. Serve hot or at room temperature. <END>
INPUT: American, cupcakes, sweet potatoes, all purpose flour, cinnamon, baking powder, baking soda
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sweet Potato Cupcakes, Brown Sugar Cream Cheese Frosting, Candied Pecans | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: One 16-ounce can sweet potatoes; 2 cups all-purpose flour; 2 teaspoons ground cinnamon; 1 teaspoon baking powder; 1 teaspoon baking soda; 1 teaspoon salt; 1/2 teaspoon ginger; 1/8 teaspoon nutmeg; 1 cup unsalted butter, melted and cooled; 1 cup packed brown sugar; 1 cup granulated sugar; 4 large eggs, lightly beaten; Brown Sugar Cream Cheese Frosting, recipe follows; Candied Pecans, recipe follows; One 8-ounce package cream cheese, at room temperature | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line a cupcake pan with 18 paper liners, set aside. Make the sweet potato puree by processing the sweet potatoes in a food processor. Set aside. In a medium bowl, whisk together the flour, cinnamon, baking powder, baking soda, salt, ginger and nutmeg. In a large bowl, whisk together the butter, brown sugar, granulated sugar and eggs. Add the dry ingredients. Whisk in the sweet potato puree. Fill each cupcake in the prepared pan three-quarters full of batter. Bake until the tops spring back when touched and a toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean, 2 <END>
INPUT: virgin olive oil, lemon, Salt, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Chicken with Arugula, Black Olives, and Tomatoes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 boneless, skinless chicken breasts (about 1 1/2 pounds); Extra-virgin olive oil; 1 lemon, cut in half; Salt; Freshly ground black pepper; 2 large, ripe tomatoes, cored and diced; 1 bunch arugula, stemmed, and torn into small pieces; 1/4 cup chopped red onion; 1/2 cup pitted black olives | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Place the chicken breasts between 2 pieces of parchment or waxed paper and pound thin with a rolling pin. Put them in a shallow bowl; add enough olive oil to cover (1/2 to 3/4) cup), the juice of 1/2 lemon, and salt and pepper, and refrigerate for 20 to 30 minutes. Place a large grill pan on 2 burners over medium-high heat, or preheat an outdoor gas or charcoal grill. Stir together the tomatoes, arugula, onion, olives, 1/4 cup of olive oil, the juice of the remaining lemon half, and salt and pepper; set aside while you cook the chicken. Fold a few paper towels in <END>
INPUT: leeks, olive oil, sheet puff pastry, russet potatoes, Salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Potato, Caramelized Leek, and Bacon-Stuffed Puff Pastry | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 cups chopped leeks, about 1 large leek; 1 tablespoon olive oil; 1 sheet frozen puff pastry, thawed; 3 large russet potatoes, sliced into 1/16-inch disks; Salt and freshly ground pepper; 12 ounces bacon, cooked until crisp and crumbled; 4 ounces freshly-grated Parmigiano-Reggiano; 1 egg, lightly beaten | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F. Caramelize the leeks by cooking them in 1 tablespoon olive oil and a pinch of salt and pepper in a large skillet over medium heat for 10 minutes. Roll out the puff pastry into a 20 by 10-inch rectangle, move the pastry to a baking sheet and start by layering the potato slices on one half of the rectangle (we are going to fold the other empty half over and on top in order to seal it up, sort of like a calzone). Season the potatoes with salt and pepper, then add the crumbled bacon and leeks. Top with the Parmesan and seal up the puff pastry square, then crimp t <END>
INPUT: salad, Tuscan Lacinato kale, virgin olive oil, lemon, Kosher salt, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Kale, Pecorino, and Walnut Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 bunches Tuscan or Lacinato kale (about 1 pound), tough center ribs and stems removed; 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 1/2 lemon; Kosher salt; Freshly ground black pepper; Large chunk of Pecorino cheese; 3/4 cup chopped toasted walnuts | INSTRUCTIONS: Tear any large pieces of kale into bite sized pieces. In a serving bowl, drizzle the kale with the oil, squeeze in the lemon juice, and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Toss until well mixed and taste for seasoning. Use a vegetable peeler to shave thin pieces of Pecorino over the top. Finish by topping with walnuts. Tear any large pieces of kale into bite sized pieces. In a serving bowl, drizzle the kale with the oil, squeeze in the lemon juice, and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Toss until well mixed and taste for seasoning. Use a vegetable peeler to shave thin pieces of Pecorino over the top.  <END>
INPUT: chicken legs, garlic, stems rosemary, panko bread crumbs, Kosher salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Crispy Baked Rosemary-Garlic Chicken Legs | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 12 chicken legs; 2 cloves garlic, minced; 4 stems rosemary, leaves picked and roughly chopped; 4 cups panko bread crumbs; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 eggs; 2 cups milk; 3 cups all-purpose flour; Extra-virgin olive oil; Lemon wedges, for serving | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Put a sheet tray in the oven to preheat. Wash and trim the chicken legs of any excess fat. Mix the garlic, rosemary and panko together in a shallow rimmed dish and season well with salt and pepper. Alternately, crush the garlic and rosemary with some olive oil and salt in a mortar and pestle. Crack the eggs into a similar dish, add the milk and whisk to combine. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. In another dish add the flour and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Take the chicken legs and 1 at a time, dredge in the flou <END>
INPUT: lemons, rosemary leaves, garlic, olive oil, lemon juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Rosemary, Lemon, and Garlic Leg of Lamb with Roasted Potatoes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 large lemons, zest of 1 removed in strips with a vegetable peeler; 1/4 cup fresh rosemary leaves; 3 large garlic cloves; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 2 teaspoons fresh lemon juice; 1/2 teaspoon salt; a 7-pound leg of lamb (ask butcher to remove pelvic bone and tie lamb for easier carving); 2 1/2 pounds small red potatoes; 3 tablespoons minced fresh chives; Garnish: fresh rosemary sprigs and lemon wedges | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350°F. Cut off and discard pith from zested lemon and cut off and discard zest and pith from other lemon. In a saucepan of boiling water blanch zest 1 minute and drain in a colander. Cut each lemon crosswise into 6 slices. In a small food processor blend rosemary, garlic, zest, 1 tablespoon oil, lemon juice, and salt until mixture is chopped fine. With tip of a small sharp knife cut small slits all over lamb and rub rosemary mixture over lamb, rubbing into slits. Arrange lemon slices in middle of a large roasting pan and arrange lamb on them. Roast lamb in middle of oven 45 min <END>
INPUT: American, sliders, turkey, Water, Kosher salt pepper, olive oil, Vidalia onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: BBQ Turkey Sliders | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 pounds ground turkey; Water; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 3 tablespoons olive oil, divided; 1 large Vidalia onion, chopped; 1/2 cup BBQ sauce; 16 potato rolls, split in 1/2 | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Add the turkey to a large bowl along with 1/4 cup water. Season with salt and pepper, to taste, and mix to combine. Mold the turkey into 16 even-size slider patties. Heat 1 tablespoon of oil in a large griddle pan over medium heat. Add the patties and cook for 4 to 5 minutes per side. Be sure to not move them until they are ready to flip when brown on the first side. Heat remaining 2 tablespoons of oil in a large saute pan. Add the onions and caramelize over medium heat, adding water as needed, to deglaze the pan. Add the BBQ sauce to the onions when they are mos <END>
INPUT: gismonda, bread crumbs, Parmesan cheese, eggs, salad oil, chicken breasts
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken Gismonda | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 ounces bread crumbs; 1-ounce grated Parmesan cheese; 2 eggs; 4 tablespoons salad oil; 2 large whole boneless chicken breasts; 3/4 cup flour; 3 ounces clarified butter; 6 ounces (1-inch diameter) mushrooms, sliced in 1/2; 2 teaspoons lemon juice; Freshly ground salt, to taste; Freshly ground pepper, to taste; 1/4 cup dry sherry; 1/4 cup salted butter; 1 pound trimmed leaf spinach, washed very well; 1/2 teaspoon nutmeg | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine bread crumbs and Parmesan; set aside. In small bowl, combine eggs and oil; beat well and set aside. Cut diagonal slices through skin side of chicken breasts and pound lightly until meat is thin, careful not to tear skin. Flour chicken thoroughly and coat with egg/oil mixture, then with bread crumbs and cheese. Pat firmly and set aside on waxed paper. Heat 1-ounce clarified butter in frying pan and add mushrooms, then add lemon juice, salt and pepper. Cook about 7 minutes, then drain off excess butter. Add sherry and shake to heat through. In another saucepan, melt fresh, salted butter  <END>
INPUT: bread, aniseed, anisette liqueur, wheat flour, unbleached all purpose, old fashioned oats
OUTPUT: TITLE: Whole Wheat Soda Bread with Dried Pears and Anise | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 teaspoons aniseed; 1/4 cup anisette liqueur; 4 cups whole wheat flour; 2 cups unbleached all purpose flour; 1 cup old-fashioned oats; 1 tablespoon salt; 2 teaspoons baking soda; 2 1/4 cups buttermilk; 2 large eggs; 1/4 cup unsulfured (light) molasses; 1/4 cup (1/2 stick) unsalted butter, melted; 1 pound dried pears, cut into 1/2-inch pieces | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350°F. Butter heavy large baking sheet. Place 4 teaspoons aniseed in small sealable plastic bag; close bag. Using mallet, pound seeds until coarsely crushed. Combine crushed aniseed and anisette liqueur in small bowl. Stir both flours, oats, salt and baking soda in large bowl to blend. Whisk buttermilk, eggs, molasses and melted butter in medium bowl. Whisk in anisette mixture. Make well in center of dry ingredients. Pour buttermilk mixture into well; stir until blended. Mix in pears (dough will be dense and moist). Turn dough out onto floured surface. Knead gently until dough  <END>
INPUT: whipped, heavy whipping cream, vanilla extract, granulated sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Whipped Cream | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cups heavy whipping cream; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; 1 tablespoon granulated sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: In a bowl combine the cream, vanilla extract, and sugar. Whip until soft peaks form. The cream should have a satiny appearance. It should not be grainy. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, texas, chili, ancho chiles, guajillo chiles, pasilla chiles, chipotle chiles adobo, bacon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Texas-Style Chocolate Stout Chili | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 4 dried ancho chiles; 4 dried guajillo chiles; 4 dried pasilla chiles; 2 chipotle chiles in adobo plus 2 tablespoons sauce; 8 ounces thick sliced bacon, chopped; 4 tablespoons vegetable oil; One 4- to 5-pound boneless beef chuck roast, trimmed of excess fat and cut into 1-inch chunks; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 medium onions, chopped; 6 cloves garlic, finely chopped; 1 tablespoon unsweetened cocoa powder; 1 tablespoon ground cumin; 2 teaspoons dried oregano, preferably Mexican; 2 teaspoons paprika; One 16-ounce can chocolate stout | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Remove the stems and seeds from the ancho, guajillo and pasilla chiles. Heat a large skillet (preferably cast iron) over medium-high heat and toast the chiles in batches until they just start to darken and become shiny, 10 to 20 seconds per side. Remove the chiles to a large bowl. When all of the chiles are toasted, pour boiling water over them to cover and let stand until soft, about 30 minutes. Puree the chiles with the chipotles, adobo sauce and 1/2 cup soaking water in a blender until smooth. (Reserve the remainder of the soaking water.) Cook the bacon in a l <END>
INPUT: roasting chicken, Kosher salt pepper, unsalted butter, parsley, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Easy Apricot Glazed Chicken | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: One 5-to-6-pound roasting chicken, giblets removed; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 5 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh parsley, optional; 3 cloves garlic, finely chopped; 1/4 cup apricot preserves; 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard; 1 teaspoon cider vinegar; 1 cup chicken broth | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Rinse the chicken with cool water and pat dry. Place the chicken in a roasting pan on a rack, breast side up. Sprinkle the cavity of the chicken with salt and pepper. Tuck the wing tips under the back of the chicken. Combine 4 tablespoons butter, parsley if using, 1/2 teaspoon salt and 1/4 teaspoon pepper in a small bowl. Loosen the skin on the breast of the chicken by gently wriggling fingers under the skin. Rub outside of the chicken with about 1 tablespoon of the butter mixture. Rub the remaining mixture under the skin of the chicken breast. Sprinkle chick <END>
INPUT: scones, all purpose flour, sugar, baking powder, salt, cinnamon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cinnamon-Chocolate Scones | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 1/2 cups all-purpose flour; 1/4 cup sugar; 3 tablespoons baking powder; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon; Small jar honey (recommended: lavender blossom); Medium jar 1 1/2 cups semisweet chocolate chunks; Small jar preserves | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: Decorative container Tea towels medium jar honey dipper medium jar jam spreader wooden spoon 2 1/2 inch biscuit cutter recipe card In a large mason jar, using parchment paper as a funnel, carefully pour in the dry ingredients in alternating layers. Line container with tea towels and place all items inside. The recipe card should read as follows: To make your cinnamon-chocolate scones, start by preheating the oven to 375 degrees. In a mixer fitted with a paddle attachment (or using a hand mixer), mix the dry ingredients. Grab a stick of butter from the refrigerator, cut it in <END>
INPUT: Italian, soup, meatballs, egg, water, plain breadcrumbs, turkey, Parmesan cheese
OUTPUT: TITLE: Escarole and Orzo Soup with Turkey Parmesan Meatballs | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 large egg; 2 tablespoons water; 1/4 cup plain dried breadcrumbs; 12 ounces lean ground turkey; 1/4 cup freshly grated Parmesan cheese; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh Italian parsley; 2 garlic cloves, minced; 3/4 teaspoon salt; 1/4 teaspoon ground black pepper; 8 cups (or more) low-salt chicken broth; 1 cup chopped peeled carrots; 3/4 cup orzo (rice-shaped pasta); 4 cups coarsely chopped escarole (about 1/2 medium head) | INSTRUCTIONS: Whisk egg and 2 tablespoons water in medium bowl to blend. Mix in breadcrumbs; let stand 5 minutes. Add turkey, Parmesan cheese, parsley, garlic, salt, and pepper; gently stir to blend. Using wet hands, shape turkey mixture into 1 1/4-inch-diameter meatballs. Place on baking sheet; cover and chill 30 minutes. Bring 8 cups chicken broth to boil in large pot. Add carrots and orzo; reduce heat to medium and simmer uncovered 8 minutes. Add turkey meatballs and simmer 10 minutes. Stir in chopped escarole and simmer until turkey meatballs, orzo, and escarole are tender, about 5 minutes longer. Seaso <END>
INPUT: pink, milk, Vanilla Sugar, chocolate coins, framboise, chocolate liqueur
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pink Chocolate | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 7 ounces whole milk; 1 tablespoon Vanilla Sugar, recipe follows; 2 ounces white chocolate coins; 1 1/4 ounces framboise (raspberry) liqueur; 3/4-ounce white chocolate liqueur; 1 whole fresh vanilla bean; 1 pound sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat the milk and sugar in a small saucepan over medium heat until it is hot. Do not let it boil. Put the white chocolate into a mug, add the hot milk, and stir vigorously. Add the liqueurs and stir gently. (Or, if available, place all the ingredients into a pitcher and steam with an espresso wand.) Serve immediately. Slice the vanilla bean in half lengthwise. Scrape out the seeds and place them along with the bean rind into an airtight container along with the sugar. Mix thoroughly. Let sit for 1 week before using. <END>
INPUT: garlic, mayonnaise, anchovy paste, lemon juice, rosemary
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roast Beef and Watercress Wraps with Anchovy Rosemary Mayonnaise | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 garlic clove; 2/3 cup mayonnaise; 2 teaspoons anchovy paste; 1 1/2 teaspoons fresh lemon juice; 1 1/2 teaspoons finely chopped fresh rosemary; 1/8 teaspoon black pepper; 4 (10-inch) flour tortillas or sandwich wraps; 1 lb thinly sliced rare roast beef (from deli counter); 6 oz watercress, coarse stems discarded | INSTRUCTIONS: Mince garlic with a large heavy knife, then mash to a paste with a pinch of salt using flat side of knife. Whisk together garlic paste, mayonnaise, anchovy paste, lemon juice, rosemary, and pepper in a small bowl. Toast tortillas 1 at a time directly on burner (gas or electric) over moderately high heat, turning over and rotating with tongs, until slightly puffed and browned in spots but still flexible, about 30 seconds each. Transfer to a clean kitchen towel as toasted and stack, loosely wrapped in towel. Spread mayonnaise (about 2 tablespoons, or more to taste) on top of each tortilla, then  <END>
INPUT: salad, baby new potatoes, corn, poblano chiles, scallions, sour cream
OUTPUT: TITLE: Poblano Potato Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 pounds baby red or new potatoes, cut into 1/2 to 1-inch pieces; 3 ears fresh corn, husks and silks removed; 2 poblano chiles, charred, peeled, stemmed, seeded, and chopped (see Cook's Note); 1 cup chopped scallions (white and pale green parts only); 1/2 cup sour cream; 1/4 cup mayonnaise; 1/4 cup chopped fresh cilantro leaves; Salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Put the potatoes in a large pot and add salted water to cover. Bring to a boil over medium heat and cook until tender when pierced with a knife, about 20 to 30 minutes. Drain the potatoes and let cool slightly. Meanwhile, preheat a grill or grill pan to medium-high heat. Add the corn to the grill and cook, turning occasionally, until evenly browned on all sides, about 10 minutes. Put the potatoes in a large serving bowl. Using a sharp knife, carefully cut the kernels off the cobs and add them to the bowl. Add the poblano chiles, scallions, sour cream, mayonnaise, <END>
INPUT: Indian, gravy, turkey, fennel seeds, coriander seeds, peppercorns, coarse kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Turkey with Toasted Fennel and Coriander and Fresh Thyme Gravy | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 1 12-to 14-pound turkey, rinsed, patted dry; 2 tablespoons fennel seeds; 2 tablespoons whole coriander seeds; 2 teaspoons whole black peppercorns; 1 tablespoon coarse kosher salt; 3 tablespoons olive oil; 3 medium carrots, peeled, cut into 3/4-inch pieces; 3 celery stalks, cut into 3/4-inch pieces; 3 medium parsnips (11 ounces), peeled, cut into 3/4-inch pieces; 1 large onion, coarsely chopped; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh thyme; 1/2 cup reserved turkey fat (and butter if needed); 2 to 3 cups low-salt chicken broth; 1/2 cup all purpose flour; 2 teaspoons Sherry wine vinegar | INSTRUCTIONS: For turkey: Let turkey stand at room temperature 30 minutes. Prepare barbecue (medium heat) for indirect grilling. If using charcoal grill, light briquettes in chimney. Remove top grill rack. Place briquettes at left and right sides of bottom rack, leaving center empty (you may need to light additional briquettes in chimney to replenish during grilling time). Replace top grill rack. If using 3-burner gas grill, light burners on left and right, leaving center burner off. If using 2-burner gas grill, light burner on just 1 side. Toast fennel seeds, coriander seeds, and peppercorns in medium skil <END>
INPUT: American, strawberry, basic pie dough, water, rhubarb, sugar, almond liqueur
OUTPUT: TITLE: Strawberry Rhubarb Pie | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 basic pie dough (top and bottom crust); 1/2 cup water; 1 pound rhubarb stalks, all green leaves discarded, peeled and cut into 1/2-inch pieces; 3/4 cup sugar; 2 tablespoons almond liqueur; 5 tablespoons cornstarch; 2 pints fresh strawberries, washed, hulled and cut into quarters; 1 egg yolk mixed with 2 tablespoons water | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 375 degrees. Divide the pie dough into two equal pieces. Roll out the bottom crust and put into a 10-inch pie dish. Refrigerate until needed. Roll out the top crust and using a pastry wheel, cut the dough into 1/2-inch wide strips. Lay these strips on a baking sheet and refrigerate. Combine the water and sugar in a sauce pan large enough to later add the rhubarb and, over low heat, begin to cook the syrup. Bring to a slow simmer and cook for 2 to 3 minutes before adding the rhubarb pieces. Cook the syrup rhubarb for 5 minutes, remove from the heat and allow to steep for 20 minu <END>
INPUT: deviled, unsalted butter, scallions, bell pepper, celery, thyme
OUTPUT: TITLE: Deviled Crab Stuffing | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 stick unsalted butter, plus more for the baking dish; 1 bunch scallions, sliced (white and green parts separated); 1 small red bell pepper, chopped; 4 stalks celery, chopped; 2 tablespoons fresh thyme; 1/4 cup dry sherry or white wine; 3 cups low-sodium turkey or chicken broth; Kosher salt; 1/4 teaspoon cayenne pepper; 2 large eggs; 16 cups 1/2-inch stale potato bread cubes (1 1/2 pounds); 1 pound lump crabmeat, picked over; 1 teaspoon paprika | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F and butter a shallow 3-quart baking dish. Melt 6 tablespoons butter in a large nonstick skillet over medium heat. Add the scallion whites, bell pepper and celery; cook, stirring occasionally, until the vegetables are softened, about 6 minutes. Add the thyme and sherry and cook, stirring, until the sherry is mostly reduced, 3 minutes. Add the broth, 1 teaspoon salt and the cayenne; bring to a simmer, then remove from the heat. Whisk the eggs in a large bowl and add the scallion greens. Add the bread cubes, vegetable-broth mixture and crabmeat and stir until com <END>
INPUT: club, sandwiches, bacon, mayonnaise, Juice lemon, herbs, celery
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken-Potato Chip Club Sandwiches | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 slices bacon; 1/2 cup mayonnaise, plus more for spreading; Juice of 1 lemon; 3 tablespoons chopped fresh herbs (such as dill, chives and/or parsley); 1 stalk celery, finely chopped; 3 cups chopped rotisserie chicken (skin removed); Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper; 12 slices white sandwich bread, crusts removed; 3 cups potato chips, plus more for serving; 1 tomato, thinly sliced; Lettuce leaves, for topping; 1 small bunch watercress, large stems removed; Pickles, for serving | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook the bacon in a large skillet over medium heat, turning occasionally, until crisp, about 8 minutes. Drain on paper towels, then break each strip in half. Meanwhile, combine the mayonnaise, lemon juice, herbs and celery in a large bowl; stir in the chicken. Season with salt and pepper. Toast the bread and spread with mayonnaise. Divide half of the chicken salad among 4 slices of toast. Top each with some potato chips, 1 piece of bacon, 1 tomato slice, some lettuce, watercress and another slice of toast. Repeat with remaining ingredients to make 4 double-decker sandwiches. Gently press each  <END>
INPUT: Italian, baste, zucchini, unsweetened lemon juice, lemon pepper seasoning, garlic powder
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Zucchini with Garlic and Lemon Butter Baste | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 8 medium zucchini (about 2 1/2 pounds), trimmed, halved lengthwise; 1/2 cup (1 stick) butter; 1 tablespoon frozen unsweetened lemon juice concentrate or 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 1 teaspoon lemon-pepper seasoning; 1 teaspoon garlic powder; 1 teaspoon dried oregano; 1/4 teaspoon curry powder; 1/4 cup grated Parmesan cheese (optional) | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat barbecue (medium heat). Score cut side of zucchini halves diagonally about 1/4 inch deep at 1-inch intervals. Melt butter with lemon juice concentrate, lemon-pepper seasoning, garlic powder, oregano, and curry powder in heavy small saucepan. Season with salt and pepper. Brush seasoned butter on cut side of zucchini. Place zucchini on grill and cook until charred on all sides and just beginning to soften, about 12 minutes. If desired, arrange zucchini on grill, cut side up, and sprinkle with cheese; close lid of barbecue and cook until cheese just softens, about 1 minute. Transfer zucch <END>
INPUT: Italian, risotto, low fat, piece parmesan rind, virgin olive oil, shallots, arborio rice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Risotto With Yogurt and Peas | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups low-fat, low-sodium chicken broth; 1 2-to-3-inch piece parmesan rind; 1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil; 1/2 cup finely chopped shallots; 1 cup arborio rice; 1/3 cup dry white wine; 1 cup frozen peas, thawed; 3 tablespoons minced fresh parsley; 3 tablespoons minced fresh chives; 1 1/2 teaspoons minced fresh marjoram or thyme; 1/2 cup grated parmesan cheese, plus more for topping (optional); 1/4 cup nonfat plain Greek yogurt | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring the chicken broth, 3 1/2 cups water and the cheese rind to a simmer in a saucepan over medium heat. Cover, reduce the heat to low and simmer 20 minutes; discard the rind. Keep warm. Heat the olive oil in a large saucepan over medium heat. Add the shallots and cook, stirring with a wooden spoon, until soft, about 3 minutes. Add the rice and cook, stirring, 2 more minutes. Add the wine and cook, stirring, until evaporated, about 2 minutes. Add 1/2 cup warm broth and stir constantly until absorbed. Repeat, adding the broth in 1/2-cup increments and stirring constantly, until the liquid is a <END>
INPUT: American, simmered, onions, garlic, precooked bratwurst, bottles dark beer, water
OUTPUT: TITLE: Beer-Simmered Bratwurst with Onions and Red Cabbage Sauerkraut | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 3 large onions, peeled and thinly sliced; 2 cloves garlic, smashed; 3 pounds precooked bratwurst, pricked with a fork; 6 bottles dark beer; 2 cups water; 1 teaspoon coriander seeds; 1 teaspoon caraway seeds; 1 teaspoon mustard seeds; 1 (1-inch) piece of fresh ginger, peeled and chopped; Hot dog buns, brown bread, or hoagie buns; Sweet and hot German mustard, optional, for garnish; Spicy brown mustard, optional, for garnish; Red Cabbage Sauerkraut, recipe follows; Pickles, optional, for garnish; Pickled beets, optional, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the grill to high. Arrange the onion slices and garlic along the bottom of a medium stockpot. Place the bratwurst on top and then add the beer, water, coriander, caraway, mustard seeds, and ginger. Bring to a simmer over the grill grates or on a burner. Simmer the sausages in the mixture for about 10 minutes. Remove the pan from the heat and let the bratwurst sit in the liquid for 10 minutes. Remove the sausages with a pair of tongs onto a platter. Remove the onions with a slotted spoon and place in a bowl. Grill the sausages until the casings are crisp a <END>
INPUT: sauce, cranberry juice, cinnamon, sugar, Gala apples
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cinnamon Apple Cranberry Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups cranberry juice; 1 (6-ounce) bag sweetened dried cranberries; 1 cinnamon stick, broken in half; 1 cup sugar; 2 Gala apples, peeled, cored and diced; 2 teaspoons corn starch | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. In a medium saucepan over medium heat, add the cranberry juice, cranberries, cinnamon and sugar. Bring to a boil and let cook for 5 minutes. Add the apples and cook, stirring occasionally, until the cranberries have softened and apples are tender, about 5 minutes. Remove 8 ounces of the liquid to a small bowl and whisk in the cornstarch. Slowly add the cornstarch-juice mixture (slurry) to the cranberry mixture, stirring constantly. Cook for an additional 5 minutes. Remove from heat and pour into a serving bowl. Refrigerate until thickened, about 30 minutes. Remov <END>
INPUT: crostini, diagonal crusty baguette, wedges fennel bulb, wedges onion, Olive oil, packages smoked trout
OUTPUT: TITLE: Smoked Trout Crostini with Grilled Fennel and Red Onion | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 20 1/2-inch-thick diagonal slices crusty baguette; 20 1/2-inch wedges fresh fennel bulb (from about 2 large bulbs), fronds reserved for garnish; 20 1/2-inch wedges red onion (from 2 large onions); Olive oil; 3 4 1/2-ounce packages skinless smoked trout fillets,* broken into chunks | INSTRUCTIONS: On separate baking sheets, arrange bread and vegetables; brush both sides with oil and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Prepare barbecue (medium-high heat) or preheat broiler. Grill or broil bread until crisp, about 2 minutes per side if grilled, and 1 to 2 minutes per side if broiled. Grill or broil vegetables until golden and just tender, about 4 minutes per side if grilled, and 3 to 4 minutes per side if broiled. DO AHEAD: Can be made 2 hours ahead. Let stand at room temperature. Arrange bread, vegetables, and trout on large platter. Garnish with fennel fronds. Serve, allowing guests to assem <END>
INPUT: chilled, broth, olive oil, onion, celery, corn, thyme
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chilled Sweet Corn Broth with Crab and Avocado Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup olive oil; 1 cup finely chopped white onion; 1/2 cup finely chopped celery; 4 ears fresh corn, kernels removed (about 2 cups kernels); 4 sprigs fresh thyme; 4 1/2 cups water; Salt and freshly ground pepper; Crab and Avocado Salad, recipe follows; Chopped fresh chives, for garnish; Freshly ground white pepper, for garnish; Extra-virgin olive oil, for garnish; 2 oranges, juiced; 1 lime, juiced; 1 lemon, juiced; 1/2 cup extra-virgin olive oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat the olive oil in a saucepan over medium heat. Add the onion and celery and saute for 5 minutes. Stir in the corn, thyme, and water and season with salt and pepper. Bring to a boil, reduce the heat and simmer for 15 minutes. Remove the thyme sprigs. Remove the soup in batches to a blender and puree until smooth. Strain the soup through a fine sieve. Season with salt and white pepper. Add slightly more salt than needed to compensate for the cold serving temperature. Cover and chill for 3 hours or longer. Divide the Crab and Avocado Salad between 6 chilled bowls. Arrange the salad in a ring  <END>
INPUT: American, cheese, onion, garlic, pickled jalapeno chilies, all purpose flour
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spicy Macaroni and Cheese | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cups finely chopped onion; 2 large garlic cloves, minced; 1 1/2 tablespoons minced pickled jalapeno chilies, to taste or 1 to 2 tablespoons of chipotle in adobo; 1/2 stick (1/4 cup) unsalted butter; 1/4 cup all-purpose flour; 5 cups milk; 1 (28-ounce) can plum tomatoes, juice discarded and tomatoes chopped and drained well; 1 pound elbow macaroni; 2 cups coarsely grated Monterey Jack (about 8 ounces); 2 cups coarsely grated extra-sharp cheddar (about 8 ounces); 1/4 cup fresh bread crumbs; 1/4 cup freshly grated Parmesan (about 1/4 pound) | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large heavy saucepan cook the onion, the garlic, the jalapenos, or chipotle in butter over moderately low heat, stirring, until the onion is softened, stir in the flour, and cook the mixture, stirring, for 3 minutes. Add the milk in a stream, whisking constantly, and bring the liquid to a boil. Stir in the tomatoes. Simmer the mixture for 2 minutes. Add salt and pepper, to taste. In a kettle of boiling salted water cook the macaroni for 6 to 7 minutes, or until it is barely al dente, drain it well, and in a large bowl combine it with the tomato mixture. Stir in the Monterey Jack and the c <END>
INPUT: sangria, oranges, lemon, lime, fruits, full bodied wine
OUTPUT: TITLE: Red Sangria | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 oranges, thinly sliced; 1 lemon, thinly sliced; 1 lime, thinly sliced; 4 cups fresh firm fruits, prepared and sliced as appropriate; 1 gallon full-bodied dry red wine, such as Cabernet Sauvignon; 1 1/2 to 2 cups orange liqueur, such as Cointreau or Triple Sec; 1 1/2 cups Presidente brandy; 2 bunches lemon verbena, washed and stemmed (about 2 cups); Fresh soft fruits, prepared and sliced as appropriate; Club soda, champagne, or sparkling wine | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine citrus slices and other firm fruits in a large, nonreactive container. Add wine, liqueur, brandy, and lemon verbena. Cover and refrigerate overnight (or up to 3 days). When ready to serve, put some soft fruits into each wine glass and fill two-thirds full with the Sangria. Top off with a splash of club soda. Combine citrus slices and other firm fruits in a large, nonreactive container. Add wine, liqueur, brandy, and lemon verbena. Cover and refrigerate overnight (or up to 3 days). When ready to serve, put some soft fruits into each wine glass and fill two-thirds full with the Sangria.  <END>
INPUT: moroccan, granita, espresso coffee beans, cinnamon, ginger, nutmeg, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Moroccan Coffee Granita with Orange Water Cream Parfait | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup espresso coffee beans; 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon; Large pinch ground ginger; Large pinch ground nutmeg; Large pinch freshly ground black pepper; 1 cardamom pod; 1 whole clove; 1/2 cup granulated sugar; Splash of sambuca; 1 cup very cold heavy cream; 2 tablespoons confectioners' sugar; 2 teaspoons orange flower water; 1 teaspoon finely grated orange zest; 1/4 teaspoon pure vanilla extract; Candied orange peel, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: For the Moroccan coffee granita: Put the coffee beans, cinnamon, ginger, nutmeg, black pepper, cardamom and clove in a coffee grinder and process until ground. Place the ground spiced coffee into a coffee maker, add 4 cups cold water and brew according to the manufacturer's directions. Transfer the brewed coffee to a small saucepan, add the granulated sugar and cook over low heat until the sugar is completely dissolved. Stir in the sambuca. Pour the mixture into a 9-by-13-inch metal or glass baking dish. Freeze until ice crystals begin to form around the edges, 3 to 4 hours, depending on how c <END>
INPUT: cucumber slice, orange slice, strip lemon zest, ginger ale soda
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pimm's Cup | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 ounces (3 tablespoons) Pimm's No. 1 Cup; 1 cucumber slice; 1 orange slice; A 2- to 3-inch strip of lemon zest; Chilled ginger ale or club soda; 1 mint sprig | INSTRUCTIONS: In a tall glass filled with ice cubes combine the Pimm's, the cucumber, the orange and the zest, pour in enough ginger ale or club soda to fill the glass, and stir the drink well. Garnish the drink with the mint. In a tall glass filled with ice cubes combine the Pimm's, the cucumber, the orange and the zest, pour in enough ginger ale or club soda to fill the glass, and stir the drink well. Garnish the drink with the mint. <END>
INPUT: Italian, salad, shallot, lemon juice, virgin olive oil, loosely arugula, fennel bulb
OUTPUT: TITLE: Salad of Fennel, Arugula, and Ricotta Salata | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 large shallot, minced (1/4 cup); 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 10 cups loosely packed arugula; 1 medium fennel bulb, trimmed, halved lengthwise, cored, very thinly sliced; 3 ounces ricotta salata or pecorino Romano, shaved into long strips with vegetable peeler | INSTRUCTIONS: Whisk shallot and lemon juice in small bowl to blend. Gradually whisk in oil. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Let stand 15 minutes to blend flavors. Combine arugula and sliced fennel in large bowl. Toss with enough dressing to coat salad. Add shaved cheese; toss gently and serve. Whisk shallot and lemon juice in small bowl to blend. Gradually whisk in oil. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Let stand 15 minutes to blend flavors. Combine arugula and sliced fennel in large bowl. Toss with enough dressing to coat salad. Add shaved cheese; toss gently and serve. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, spiced, salad, lemon juice, wine vinegar, garlic, gingerroot, cumin
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cumin and Coriander Spiced Chick-Pea Salad | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 2 tablespoons white-wine vinegar; 2 garlic cloves, minced and mashed to a paste with 1/4 teaspoon salt; 1 1/2 teaspoons grated peeled fresh gingerroot; 1 teaspoon ground cumin, or to taste; 1/4 teaspoon cayenne or dried hot red pepper flakes, or to taste; 1/2 cup olive oil; four 19-ounce cans chick-peas, rinsed and drained well; 2 yellow bell peppers, chopped fine; 1 small bunch of scallions, sliced thin; 1/2 cup finely chopped fresh coriander, or to taste | INSTRUCTIONS: Make the dressing: In a bowl whisk together the lemon juice, the vinegar, the garlic paste, the gingerroot, the cumin, the cayenne, and salt and pepper to taste, add the oil in a stream, whisking, and whisk the dressing until it is emulsified. In a large bowl stir together the chick-peas, the bell peppers, the scallions, the coriander, and the dressing and chill the salad, covered, overnight. In a bowl whisk together the lemon juice, the vinegar, the garlic paste, the gingerroot, the cumin, the cayenne, and salt and pepper to taste, add the oil in a stream, whisking, and whisk the dressing unt <END>
INPUT: American, chocolate sandwich cookies, salted butter, sugar, cornstarch, kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate Pie | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 24 chocolate sandwich cookies; 5 tablespoons salted butter, melted; 1 1/2 cups sugar; 1/4 cup cornstarch; 1/4 teaspoon kosher salt; 3 cups whole milk; 4 large egg yolks; 6 1/2 ounces bittersweet chocolate, chopped finely; 2 tablespoons salted butter; 2 teaspoons vanilla extract; Whipped cream, for serving | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: four 4 1/4-inch aluminum pie pans For the crust: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Pulse the cookies in a food processor until finely chopped. With the processor running, add the butter. Press the crumbs into the bottoms of four 4 1/4-inch disposable aluminum pie pans. Bake until set, about 5 minutes. Let cool. For the filling: Whisk together the sugar, cornstarch and salt in a medium saucepan. Whisk in the milk and egg yolks. Stir over medium heat until the mixture just barely comes to a boil and becomes thick, 6 to 8 minutes. The second it starts to bubble and thicken (it <END>
INPUT: cupcakes, flaked coconut, sugar, butter, canola oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Coconut Orange Chardonnay Cupcakes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup flaked coconut; 1/3 cup sugar; 2 tablespoons butter, melted; 1 cup sugar; 2/3 cup canola oil; 2 large eggs; 1/2 cup orange juice; 3/4 cup Chardonnay; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; 2 teaspoons orange zest; 1/4 teaspoon lemon oil; 3 cups unbleached pastry flour* (See Cook's Note); 1 tablespoon baking powder; 1 teaspoon baking soda; 1 teaspoon sea salt | INSTRUCTIONS: For the topping: Combine the coconut and sugar with the butter. For the cupcakes: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Line standard cupcake pans with 24 cupcake liners. In a mixing bowl, combine the sugar, oil, eggs, orange juice, wine, vanilla, orange zest, and lemon oil and mix well. Sift the flour, baking powder, baking soda, and salt into a separate bowl. Stir the dry ingredients into the orange juice mixture just until moistened. Fold in the mandarin oranges and the coconut. Fill the cupcake liners 2/3 full. Sprinkle the topping over each cupcake and bake until golden brown, 17 to 20 minut <END>
INPUT: butter, macaroons, unsalted roasted peanuts, almond flour almonds, confectioners' sugar, egg whites, granulated sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Peanut Butter-Jam Macaroons | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup unsalted roasted peanuts; 1/4 cup almond flour or finely ground almonds; 1 cup confectioners' sugar; 2 large egg whites, at room temperature; 3 tablespoons granulated sugar; 1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract; 1/4 cup raspberry, strawberry or grape jam | INSTRUCTIONS: Line 2 baking sheets with parchment paper. Use a small cookie cutter or drinking glass to trace thirty 1 1/2 -inch circles in rows on the paper, about 1 1/2 inches apart. Flip the paper over (you'll still be able to see the marks through the paper). Finely grind the peanuts in a food processor. Add the almond flour and confectioners' sugar and pulse to make a fine powder. Sift twice through a fine sieve; discard any chunks. Beat the egg whites in a bowl with a mixer on high speed until foamy. Gradually add the granulated sugar and beat until soft peaks form. Add the vanilla and beat until stif <END>
INPUT: Mexican, molcajete, mixto, carne asada, nopales, jalapeno peppers, cilantro, chicken breast
OUTPUT: TITLE: Molcajete Mixto | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 lb thinly sliced carne asada (beef steak); 2 nopales (cactus leaves) or zucchini and yellow squash; 2 jalapeno peppers; 1/4 bunch of cilantro; 1/2 lb boneless chicken breast; 5 large shelled shrimp; 4 1/2 oz chorizo (Mexican sausage); 2 green onions; 1 large tomato; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/2 teaspoon pepper; 1 lime, quartered; 1 avocado; 1/4 lb queso fresco (Mexican cheese); 1 16 oz jar HERDEZ® Salsa Verde | INSTRUCTIONS: Using oven mitts, heat the molcajete over the grill or stove* Grill carne asada for five minutes. Add and grill chicken and nopales on one side for five minutes, turn over. Also, add jalapenos turning every two minutes to soften Sprinkle salt and pepper over meats. Add and grill chorizo and shrimp. Add green onions and rotate to cook on all sides, about two minutes. While meat cooks, slice the tomatoes, avocado and cheese into 1/2 inch wedges. Using oven mitts, pour half of the salsa into the heated molcajete. Remove the meats and slice in long, thin strips. Place the beef, chicken, shrimp, no <END>
INPUT: American, buffalo, crumbled cheese, olive oil, lemon juice, heavy cream, celery
OUTPUT: TITLE: Salt-and-Pepper Buffalo Shrimp with Blue Cheese and Celery | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup crumbled blue cheese; 1/3 cup olive oil; 2 teaspoons fresh lemon juice; 3/4 cup heavy cream; 1 bunch celery, cut into sticks; 3 tablespoons minced garlic; 1/2 cup chopped fresh parsley; 1/3 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 1/4 cup medium-dry Sherry; 2 to 4 tablespoons hot sauce; 2 tablespoons fresh lime juice; 1 1/2 pounds large (16 to 20 per pound) shrimp, in shells; 2 tablespoons kosher salt; 2 tablespoons cracked black pepper; About 1/2 cup olive oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Make dip: Puree blue cheese, oil, and lemon juice in a food processor until smooth. Transfer to a bowl and whisk in cream. Serve dip with celery. Make sauce: Stir together sauce ingredients. Cook shrimp: Make a deep lengthwise incision along inner curve of each shrimp with a small knife, cutting all the way through flesh but not shell. Devein. Toss with kosher salt and cracked pepper to coat. Heat 2 tablespoons oil in a 12-inch nonstick skillet over high heat until hot but not smoking, then cook shrimp in batches, without crowding, until just cooked through, about 3 minutes per side, adding mo <END>
INPUT: cookies, all purpose flour, unsweetened cocoa powder, baking soda, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate Peanut Butter Chip Cookies | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cups all-purpose flour; 1/2 cup unsweetened cocoa powder (not Dutch-process); 3/4 teaspoon baking soda; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 2 sticks (1 cup) unsalted butter, softened; 1 cup granulated sugar; 1/4 cup packed light brown sugar; 1 large egg; 1 1/2 teaspoons vanilla; 1 2/3 cups (a 10-ounce bag) peanut butter chips; 1 cup semisweet chocolate chips (about 8 ounces) | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350°F. Into a bowl sift together flour, cocoa powder, baking soda, and salt. In a bowl with an electric mixer beat together butter and sugars until light and fluffy and beat in egg and vanilla until combined well. Beat in flour mixture until just combined and stir in chips. Drop dough by tablespoons about 2 inches apart onto ungreased baking sheets and bake in batches in middle of oven until cookies are just set and begin to crack on top, about 12 minutes. Cool cookies on sheets on racks 1 minute and with a spatula transfer to racks to cool completely. Preheat oven to 350°F. In <END>
INPUT: empanadas, bananas, sugar, cinnamon, empanada dough, semisweet chocolate
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate-Banana Empanadas | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 large ripe bananas; 2 tablespoons sugar; 1 teaspoon cinnamon; 1 recipe empanada dough, recipe follows; 4 ounces semisweet chocolate, broken in chunks; Confectioners’ sugar, for dusting; 1 1/2 cups all-purpose flour; 1 cup masa harina; 1 teaspoon baking powder; 1 teaspoon salt; 1/2 cup (1 stick) unsalted butter, melted and cooled; 1 large egg beaten with 1 tablespoon water, for egg wash; Butter, for greasing the pans | INSTRUCTIONS: Mash the bananas, sugar, and cinnamon together in a mixing bowl until creamy, but not completely smooth ¿ you should still have pieces of banana chunks. Spoon a generous tablespoon of the banana filling on the empanada pastry circles and stick a piece of chocolate on top. Form and bake the empanadas as directed in the recipe. Dust with confectioners¿ sugar and serve hot. In a large bowl, sift together the flour, masa harina, baking powder, and salt. Stir in the melted butter. Gradually add 1/2 cup to 3/4 cup of water, working it in with your hands to incorporate; the dough should be easy to ha <END>
INPUT: smashed, Yukon gold russet, milk, heavy cream, butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Smashed Potatoes and Broccoli | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 pounds Yukon gold or russet potatoes, quartered; 2 (about 6 cups) broccoli heads; 1/2 cup whole milk; 1/2 cup heavy cream; 1/2 stick butter; Salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Boil potatoes in salted water until very tender; about 20 minutes. Cut the florets off the broccoli and add to boiling potatoes, about 7 minutes. Drain and place back into pot. Heat the milk, cream, and butter in a small saucepan. Pour sauce into the potatoes and broccoli, mash together. Season, to taste, with salt and pepper. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, sangrita, iceberg, limes, pineapple, pineapple juice, sugar, Two bottles wine
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sangrita with a Pineapple-Lime Iceberg | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 4 limes, cut into 12 wedges each; 1 pineapple, peeled, quartered, cored and cut into 1 1/2-inch chunks; One 46-ounce can pineapple juice; 3/4 cup sugar; Two 750-ml bottles dry white wine; 2 cups tequila; 1 cup fresh lime juice (about 10 limes); 1 cup orange juice; 1 cup triple sec; 1 liter club soda | INSTRUCTIONS: Place half of the lime wedges and one-third of the pineapple chunks in a medium bowl. Mix 1/2 cup of the pineapple juice with 3/4 cup water and pour over the limes and pineapple chunks. Freeze until firm, about 4 hours. Make a simple syrup by mixing the sugar with 3/4 cup water in a small saucepan. Bring the mixture to a boil, stirring to dissolve the sugar. Cool before using. Mix the wine, the remaining pineapple juice, the tequila, lime juice, simple syrup, orange juice and triple sec in a punch bowl. Remove the pineapple-lime iceberg from the bowl and float in the punch. Add the remaining l <END>
INPUT: sugar honey, spices, pure vanilla extract, orange lemon juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Stone Fruit | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup sugar or honey; 1/2 teaspoon ground spices (recommended: cinnamon, nutmeg, or cardamom), optional; 3 to 4 cup (about 1 1/2 pounds) fresh fruit, pitted, sliced, or halved (recommended: peaches, plums, nectarines, apricots, pears, apples, pineapple, m; 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract or 1/2 vanilla bean; 1/4 cup fresh orange or lemon juice; 1 tablespoon unsalted butter; Roasted Stone Fruit Variations, recipes follow | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. In a small bowl, whisk together the sugar and spices. In another bowl, toss the fruit with the vanilla, and orange juice. In a roasting pan or oven-proof baking dish, arrange the fruit cut-side up pouring any extra juice in the baking dish. Sprinkle evenly with sugar and spices. Roast for approximately 20 minutes or until the fruit is fork tender. Serve the roasted fruit over vanilla bean ice cream accompanied by a shortbread cookie. You could also serve fruit with fresh whipped cream or creme fraiche and use it as a filling or topping for crepes. Roasted Fru <END>
INPUT: pudding, sauce, whipping cream, pumpkin, granulated sugar, sugar, pumpkin pie spice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pumpkin Bread Pudding with Rum Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 quart 40-percent whipping cream; 2 cups canned pumpkin; 2 cups granulated sugar; 2 cups brown sugar; 4 ounces pumpkin pie spice; 2 ounces vanilla extract; 1 dozen eggs; 1 vanilla bean, seeds scraped; 1 loaf French bread, torn in pieces; 4 tablespoons cornstarch; 1 quart 40-percent whipping cream; 2 cups granulated sugar; 1 stick butter; 1 cup dark rum | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. For the bread pudding: Blend the cream, pumpkin, granulated sugar, brown sugar, pumpkin pie spice, vanilla extract, eggs and vanilla bean until mixed well. Place the French bread in a 1-gallon aluminum pan. Pour the mixture over the French bread and let sit for 30 minutes. Bake for 1 hour or until firm. For the rum sauce: Blend the cornstarch with 1/2 cup water in a small saucepan. Add the cream, granulated sugar, butter and rum and cook over low heat, stirring occasionally, until thick. Serve the sauce with the bread pudding. <END>
INPUT: wild, salad, wine vinegar, flat leaf parsley, Salt pepper, butter, shallots
OUTPUT: TITLE: Wild Mushroom Salad with Barley and Smoked Bacon | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 ounces red wine vinegar; 3 tablespoons chopped flat leaf parsley; Salt and pepper, to taste; 4 ounces butter; 2 diced shallots; 1 clove minced garlic; 1 cup barley; 3 cups mushroom stock, hot; 2 fresh bay leaves; 2 pounds shiitake mushrooms, de-stemmed and sliced; 1 pound endive; 1 pound smoked bacon | INSTRUCTIONS: Melt butter in a large saucepan. Add shallots and garlic and cook until translucent. Add barley and stir well. Add hot mushroom stock and bay leaves and simmer for 20 minutes or until liquid has been absorbed and barley is tender. Let cool and set aside. Slice mushrooms and endive and set aside. Dice bacon and place in large saute pan cooking over medium heat until crisp. Pour off half of fat. Deglaze pan with red wine vinegar and add mushrooms and endive and cook until tender. Remove from heat and add parsley. Check your seasoning and then toss with barley. Serve in a large bowl.; <END>
INPUT: onions, limed, plain sour cream, lime juice, lime zest, kosher salt, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Onions and Mushrooms with Limed Sour Cream | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup plain sour cream; 1 tablespoon freshly squeezed lime juice; 1 teaspoon lime zest; 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt, plus more for seasoning; 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, plus more for seasoning; 1 medium red onion, cut into 8 wedges; 3 large portobello mushrooms, cut into 1-inch slices; Vegetable oil, for brushing the vegetables | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Combine sour cream, juice, zest, salt and pepper in a medium nonreactive bowl. Store, covered in refrigerator until ready to use. Heat a lightly oiled grill pan over medium heat. Meanwhile, brush onions and mushrooms with oil and season well with salt and freshly ground black pepper. When grill pan is heated, add onions cut side down and cook until softened, about 10 minutes. Transfer to a plate. Add mushrooms and grill until charred and soft, about 10 minutes. Serve immediately with sour cream sauce. <END>
INPUT: herb, unpeeled garlic, rosemary leaves, Kosher salt, pepper, unsalted butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Herb-Roasted Lamb | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 12 large unpeeled garlic cloves, divided; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh rosemary leaves; Kosher salt; Freshly ground black pepper; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted; 1 (6-pound) boneless leg of lamb, trimmed and tied; 4 to 5 pounds small unpeeled potatoes (16 to 20 potatoes); 2 tablespoons good olive oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F. Place the oven rack in the lower third of the oven so the lamb will sit in the middle of the oven. Peel 6 of the cloves of garlic and place them in the bowl of a food processor fitted with the steel blade. Add the rosemary, 1 tablespoon salt, 1 teaspoon pepper, and butter. Process until the garlic and rosemary are finely minced. Thoroughly coat the top and sides of the lamb with the rosemary mixture. Allow to sit at room temperature for 30 minutes to 1 hour. Toss the potatoes and remaining unpeeled garlic in a bowl with the oliv <END>
INPUT: American, casserole, squash, vegetable oil, salt, pepper, onions
OUTPUT: TITLE: Yellow Squash Casserole | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 4 lb yellow squash (10 medium), trimmed, halved lengthwise, and sliced crosswise 1/8 inch thick; 1/4 cup vegetable oil; 2 teaspoons salt; 2 teaspoons black pepper; 2 medium onions, chopped (2 cups); 1 green bell pepper, chopped; 1 red bell pepper, chopped; 7 tablespoons unsalted butter; 4 slices firm white sandwich bread with crust, coarsely ground in a food processor (about 2 1/4 cups); 1/4 cup all-purpose flour; 1 3/4 cups reduced-sodium chicken broth (14 fl oz); 1 cup sour cream | INSTRUCTIONS: Put oven rack in lower third of oven and put a large shallow baking pan on rack, then preheat oven to 475°F. Toss one third of squash with 1 tablespoon oil, 1/2 teaspoon salt, and 1/2 teaspoon pepper in a bowl, then spread in preheated baking pan in 1 layer and roast in oven, stirring once, until tender, 12 to 15 minutes. Transfer squash to a large bowl. Roast remaining squash in 2 batches in same manner, tossing with 1 tablespoon oil, 1/2 teaspoon salt, and 1/2 teaspoon pepper (per batch) just before roasting and adding to bowl when done. Toss onions and bell peppers with remaining tablespoon <END>
INPUT: American, unsalted butter, all purpose flour, skim milk, low fat cheddar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Easy Macaroni and Cheese | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 teaspoons unsalted butter; 7 teaspoons all purpose flour; 1 1/3 cups skim milk, heated; 8 ounces low fat cheddar cheese (2 cups), coarsely grated; 1 box (7 to 8 ounces) dried macaroni; Salt and pepper to taste | INSTRUCTIONS: In a saucepan, melt butter over low heat. Whisk in the flour and cook the mixture, stirring for 3 minutes. Add the milk in a stream, whisking. Bring the mixture to a boil and simmer for 3 minutes. Stir in the cheese and cook until cheese is melted. Cook the macaroni according to package instructions and drain well. Combine with cheese mixture and salt and pepper to taste. Nutritional Value Per Serving: 294 calories, 31% from fat, 10 grams of fat, 314 milligrams of sodium <END>
INPUT: great, romaine lettuce, Olive oil, mayonnaise, sour cream, cheese
OUTPUT: TITLE: Great Grilled Romaine | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 heads romaine lettuce, outer leaves trimmed; Olive oil; 1 cup mayonnaise; 1/4 cup sour cream; 2 ounces blue cheese (about 1/4 cup crumbled); 1 teaspoon sugar; 1 teaspoon minced garlic; 2 tablespoons cider vinegar | INSTRUCTIONS: Drizzle the romaine with olive oil. Place on a hot grill until lightly charred on the outside, turning occasionally. Meanwhile, whisk together the remaining ingredients. Remove the romaine from the grill to a serving platter. Cut in halves lengthwise to make 4 long pieces, then drizzle dressing over top. Serve immediately. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, meatballs, milk, fine bread crumbs, bacon, onion, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chipotle Meatballs | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1/3 cup whole milk; 1/3 cup fine dry bread crumbs; 6 bacon slices, chopped; 1/2 cup finely chopped onion; 1 tablespoon chopped garlic; 1 tablespoon finely chopped seeded canned chipotles in adobo; 1 teaspoon ground cumin; 3/4 teaspoon dried oregano; 2 tablespoons water; 3/4 pound ground pork; 1/2 pound ground veal; 1 large egg, lightly beaten; 1/4 cup chopped flat-leaf parsley; Equipment: about 16 (6-inch) wooden skewers, soaked in water; Garnish: lime wedges | INSTRUCTIONS: Stir together milk and bread crumbs in a large bowl. Cook bacon in a 10-inch heavy skillet over medium heat, stirring occasionally, until crisp. Transfer with a slotted spoon to paper towels to drain. Pour off all but 1 tablespoon fat from skillet, then cook onion, garlic, chipotles, cumin, and oregano in skillet, stirring, until onion is softened, about 3 minutes. Add water and cook, stirring and scraping up brown bits, until water has evaporated, about 1 minute. Stir into bread crumb mixture, then add ground meats, egg, parsley, bacon, and 1 teaspoon salt and mix well with your hands. Prehea <END>
INPUT: roast, cross leg pork, garlic, powdered ginger, pods cardamom, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Rum and Pork Pot Roast | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 1/4 pounds cross-cut leg of pork, about 2 inches thick; 1 clove garlic, finely chopped; 1/4 teaspoon powdered ginger; 3 pods cardamom (split open and seeds reserved) or 1 teaspoon cardamom powder; Freshly ground salt; Freshly ground pepper; 20 ounces unsweetened pineapple juice; 2 bay leaves; 5/8 cup light rum; 1 teaspoon arrowroot; 1 tablespoon clarified butter; 1 medium pineapple, about 2 pounds, cut into 16 1/2-inch thick slices | INSTRUCTIONS: Pat pork dry. Make shallow incisions all over one side of the meat, about 1/8-inch apart. Spread garlic over this surface of meat, pressing into cuts. Repeat with ginger and cardamom seeds or powder. Follow with salt and pepper and bay leaves. Add pineapple juice to casserole dish just large enough to hold meat. Add pork, seasoned side up. Cover and reduce heat to 1/4 power and cook gently for 20 minutes. Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. After 20 minutes, turn pork. Remove cover and transfer pork to oven. Roast 2 hours 15 minutes, turning once halfway through. When pork is tender, remove to a se <END>
INPUT: parfait, rhubarb, strawberries, lemon, lemon juice, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Rhubarb Rosewater Parfait | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound fresh or frozen rhubarb, cut into 1/2-inch pieces (see Cook's Note); 1 pound fresh or frozen strawberries, halved; 1 lemon, zested; 2 teaspoons lemon juice; 1/2 cup sugar; 1 1/2 tablespoons rosewater; 1 tablespoon butter; 1 tablespoon sugar; Pinch ground cardamom; 1/3 cup sliced almonds; Kosher salt; 4 cups Greek yogurt, for serving | INSTRUCTIONS: In a medium saucepan, combine the rhubarb, strawberries, lemon zest, juice, and sugar. Bring to a boil over medium heat, stirring every now and then. Once the sugar has dissolved and the mixture is at a boil, turn it down to a simmer and cook until rhubarb is soft and falling apart, another 5 minutes. Remove from the heat. Add the rosewater and stir. You can serve the compote warm or cold. In a small, nonstick skillet, melt the butter over medium heat. Add the sugar, cardamom, almonds, and a pinch of salt. Cook, tossing occasionally, until the almonds are toasted and the sugar caramelizes and  <END>
INPUT: American, mini, cakes, Pan release, pecan halves, wheat pastry flour, baking powder, cinnamon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mini Carrot Cakes with Cream Cheese Glaze | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: Pan release spray, for greasing; 1/2 cup pecan halves; 1 1/2 cups whole wheat pastry flour; 1 1/2 teaspoons baking powder; 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1 teaspoon ground ginger; 1 teaspoon baking soda; 1/2 teaspoon fine salt; 1/2 cup light brown sugar; 1/2 cup 2-percent Greek yogurt; 1/3 cup vegetable oil; 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract; 1 teaspoon finely grated lemon zest; 3 large eggs; 3 cups shredded carrot (about 3/4 pound) | INSTRUCTIONS: For the cake: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Spray 12 mini loaf pans or a 12-cup regular muffin pan with pan release spray. Spread the pecans out on a rimmed baking sheet and bake until toasted, 10 to 12 minutes. Allow to cool and then pulse in a food processor until very finely chopped but not ground. Combine the chopped pecans, flour, baking powder, cinnamon, ginger, baking soda and salt in a large bowl. Whisk together the brown sugar, yogurt, oil, vanilla extract, lemon zest and eggs in another bowl. Stir the carrots into the egg mixture. Fold the carrot-egg mixture into the flour mixtu <END>
INPUT: water, beans, Asian sesame oil, garlic, pepper flakes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spicy Garlic Green Beans | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup water; 1 pound sliced green beans; 2 tablespoons Asian sesame oil; 2 clove garlic, minced; Red pepper flakes, to taste | INSTRUCTIONS: In a skillet, bring water and green beans to a simmer. Cook, uncovered until water evaporates. Drizzle in sesame oil and stir in garlic and red pepper flakes. Toss to coat and cook for 1 minute. Serve hot or cold. <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, third, place, chicken drumsticks, maple syrup, salt, pepper, pecans
OUTPUT: TITLE: Third Place: Pecan Chicken Sticks with Collard Couscous | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 8 medium chicken drumsticks, frenched; 5 tablespoons maple syrup, divided; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/2 teaspoon pepper; 3/4 ground pecans, plus 1/4 cup toasted pecans, for garnish; 1/4 cup all-purpose flour; 1 teaspoon Cajun seasoning; 1/2 cup vegetable oil; 2 cups chopped collards; 1/2 cup chopped yellow onion; 2/3 cup bacon bits; 1 1/3 cups couscous; 1 3/4 cups chicken broth; 2 tablespoons grainy mustard | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F. French the legs of chicken. Brush chicken legs with 2 tablespoons syrup, and season with salt and pepper. Place into a zip-top plastic bag and shake with ground pecans, flour and Cajun seasoning to coat. In an ovenproof skillet, heat the oil over medium-high heat. Once heated, cook the chicken on both sides until browned. Cover and place in the preheated oven for 10 minutes. Turn over and cook 10 minutes more until done. Remove chicken from skillet. In same skillet add collards and onions, stirring for 3 minutes or so. Add bacon and couscous (prepared using broth <END>
INPUT: melted, sauce, strawberries, blueberries blackberries, sugar, loaf cake, strawberry vanilla ice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cake and Berries with Melted Ice Cream Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 pint strawberries, sliced; 1/2 pint blueberries or blackberries; 2 teaspoons sugar; 1/2 loaf pound cake, cut into cubes; 2 cups strawberry or vanilla ice cream | INSTRUCTIONS: Mix the berries together with a little sugar. Pile cake cubes up in goblets or sundae cups. Top the cake with berries. Melt ice cream in microwave for 15 to 20 seconds. Stir out any bumps in your melted ice cream and pour evenly over cake and berries. <END>
INPUT: herb, wrapped, garlic, olive oil, pork tenderloins, Salt pepper, rosemary
OUTPUT: TITLE: Bacon-Herb Wrapped Pork Tenderloin with Lemon Glazed Sweet Potatoes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 head garlic, top sliced off; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 2 pork tenderloins (about 1 to 1 1/2 pound each) trimmed of excess fat; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh rosemary; 12 fresh sage leaves; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh thyme; 12 1/4-inch thick slices bacon; Lemon Glazed Sweet Potatoes, recipe follows; 2 cups fresh lemon juice; 2 cups granulated sugar; 1 tablespoon finely chopped lemon zest; 5 large sweet potatoes, peeled and cut into 1/2-inch dice; 2 tablespoons olive oil; Salt and freshly ground pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 300 degrees F. Place garlic in a small ramekin, drizzle with 1-tablespoon olive oil, and wrap in foil. Bake until soft, about 45 minutes. When cool enough to handle, squeeze garlic flesh from head into a small bowl. Arrange tenderloins on work surface. Rub the top each tenderloin with 1/2 of the roasted garlic and season with salt and pepper. Mix together the herbs and scatter half of the mix over the garlic on each tenderloin. Wrap 6 strips of bacon around each tenderloin and tie bacon in place with kitchen twine. Heat oven to 375 degrees F. Heat oil in a medium, skillet over  <END>
INPUT: cooked, pumpkin, guavas
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pumpkin Cooked in Raw Sugar | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 medium pumpkin, about 5 pounds (2.5 kg); 8 cups (2L) water; 1 1/2 pounds (675 g) piloncillo or panela, broken into small pieces, just under 4 cups (960 ml) or dark brown sugar; 3 2-inch (5-cm) cinnamon sticks; 10 guavas (optional), halved, seeds left in | INSTRUCTIONS: Pierce the shell-like outer rind of the pumpkin in several places to enable the syrup to penetrate the flesh and cut into pieces about 3 inches (8 cm) square, leaving the fibrous flesh and seeds inside. In a wide, heavy saucepan put enough water to completely cover the pumpkin. Add the brown sugar and cinnamon sticks and bring to a boil. Add the pieces of pumpkin and guavas and cook over fairly high heat, moving the pieces around from time to time to avoid sticking. Cover the pan and cook for about 15 minutes, then remove the lid and continue cooking until the syrup has reduced and the flesh o <END>
INPUT: American, unsalted butter, all purpose flour, sugar, kosher salt, shortening
OUTPUT: TITLE: Blueberry Pie | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 stick cold unsalted butter, cut into pieces, plus more for the pie plate; 3 cups all-purpose flour, plus more for dusting; 2 tablespoons sugar; 1 teaspoon kosher salt; 1/2 cup cold shortening, cubed; 6 cups blueberries; 1 cup sugar; 1 cup blueberry jam; 3 tablespoons all-purpose flour, sifted; Grated zest and juice of 1 lemon; Pinch of kosher salt; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, diced; 1/2 cup sugar; Juice of 1 orange (about 1/4 cup) | INSTRUCTIONS: Generously coat a 9-inch pie plate with butter. Lightly dust a clean surface with flour. Make the crust: Pulse the flour, sugar and salt in a food processor to combine. Add the butter and shortening and pulse until the mixture looks like coarse meal. Gradually add 1/2 to 2/3 cup ice water, pulsing until the dough just comes together; scrape down the sides of the food processor as needed. Put the dough on the floured surface and roll it into a ball. Cut the dough in half; roll out 1 piece into a 13-inch round, about 1/8 inch thick. Gently roll up the dough onto the floured rolling pin and unrol <END>
INPUT: American, warm, egg, water, bread crumbs, cider vinegar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Baby Greens with Warm Goat Cheese | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 large egg white; 1 teaspoon water; 2 (1/3-inch-thick) rounds soft mild goat cheese, cut from a cold log; 2 tablespoons dry bread crumbs (preferably Japanese panko); 1 teaspoon cider vinegar; 1/8 teaspoon salt; 1/8 teaspoon Dijon mustard; Pinch sugar; Pinch pepper; 1 tablespoon plus 1 teaspoon extra-virgin olive oil; 2 cups (1-ounce) mesclun (mixed baby salad greens) | INSTRUCTIONS: Whisk together egg white and water. Dip cheese rounds in egg, letting excess drip off, then dredge in bread crumbs, pressing lightly to adhere. Chill for 15 minutes. Whisk together vinegar, salt, mustard, sugar, and a pinch of pepper in a small salad bowl. Add 1 tablespoon oil in a slow stream, whisking until emulsified. Heat remaining teaspoon oil in a small nonstick skillet over moderately high heat until hot but not smoking, then saute cheese until golden, about 30 seconds per side. Remove skillet from heat. Add greens to dressing and toss gently to coat. Serve salad topped with warm cheese <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, tapenade, olives, anchovy paste anchovy, oregano, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Olive Tapenade | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup green olives, pitted; 1/2 cup black olives, pitted; 1 teaspoon anchovy paste or 1 anchovy fillet, optional; 1/2 teaspoon dried oregano; 1 clove garlic, smashed; 1 lemon, juiced; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; Crackers or toast, for serving | INSTRUCTIONS: In a food processor, combine the green and black olives, anchovy if using, oregano, garlic and lemon juice and pulse, stopping to scrape down the sides as needed, until everything is a coarse paste. Drizzle in the olive oil while pulsing until combined. Serve with crackers or toast. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, roast, salsa, garlic, half leg lamb, rosemary leaves, mint leaves, olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roast Leg of Lamb with Pomegranate, Cucumber and Mint Salsa | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 5 garlic cloves; a half leg of lamb (butt end; about 4 pounds); tablespoon minced fresh rosemary leaves; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh mint leaves; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1/2 cup pine nuts (about 4 ounces); 1 English cucumber; 2 tablespoons mint jelly; 2 tablespoons white-wine vinegar; 1 tablespoon olive oil; seeds from 1 large pomegranate; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh mint leaves; 1/2 teaspoon minced garlic | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 325°F. Mince garlic. Put lamb on a rack in a roasting pan and in small bowl stir together garlic, rosemary, mint, and oil. Rub mixture onto lamb and season with salt and pepper. Roast lamb in middle of oven 1 1/2 hours, or until a meat thermometer registers 145°F for medium-rare. Transfer lamb to a cutting board and let stand, covered loosely with foil, 10 minutes. Preheat oven to 325°F. Mince garlic. Put lamb on a rack in a roasting pan and in small bowl stir together garlic, rosemary, mint, and oil. Rub mixture onto lamb and season with salt and pepper. Roast lamb in middle o <END>
INPUT: Italian, shrimp, ravioli, olive oil, garlic, pepper, tomatoes, ancho chile
OUTPUT: TITLE: Shrimp and Salt Cod Ravioli with Yellow Pepper Romesco Sauce | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup olive oil; 6 cloves garlic, peeled; 1 yellow pepper, roasted, peeled and seeded; 2 yellow tomatoes, halved; 1 ancho chile, soaked in boiling water until soft, seeded and coarsely chopped; 1 New Mexican chile, soaked in boiling water until soft, seeded and coarsely chopped; 1 slice white bread, crust removed, cut into small cubes; 1/2 cup red wine vinegar; 1/4 cup toasted almonds; 1 tablespoon honey; 1 tablespoon chipotle; Salt and freshly ground pepper; 1/2 cup fish stock; 1 pound salt cod; 1/4 cup olive oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Yellow Pepper Romesco Sauce: Heat the oil in a large saute pan over high heat until smoking. Separately saute the garlic, bell pepper, tomatoes, chiles and bread cubes until lightly browned, about 2 to 3 minutes each. Remove each ingredient with a slotted spoon as it is done. Deglaze the pan with the vinegar. Place all sauteed ingredients and the deglazing liquid into a food processor and blend until smooth. Add the almonds and process until finely chopped. Add the honey and chipotle and season to taste with salt and pepper. Add fish stock to thin. Salt Cod/Shrimp Filling: In a large bowl cove <END>
INPUT: berry cranberry sauce, thyme, lemon peel
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lemon-Thyme Cranberry Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 14-ounce can whole-berry cranberry sauce; 1/2 teaspoons minced fresh thyme; 1 1/2 teaspoons finely grated lemon peel | INSTRUCTIONS: Mix thyme and lemon peel into cranberry sauce and serve. Mix thyme and lemon peel into cranberry sauce and serve. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, Skillet corn bread, Spanish chorizo, vegetable oil, onions, celery
OUTPUT: TITLE: Corn-Bread and Chorizo Stuffing | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: Skillet corn bread; 1/4 pound Spanish chorizo (cured spiced pork sausage), casing removed and sausage chopped; 2 tablespoons vegetable oil; 2 medium onions, coarsely chopped (3 cups); 4 celery ribs, coarsely chopped (3 cups); 2 tablespoons chopped garlic; 1 teaspoon dried oregano; 1 cup reduced-sodium chicken broth; 1 large egg | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350°F with racks in upper and lower thirds of oven. Butter a 3-quart shallow baking dish. Crumble corn bread into 1/2-inch pieces, spreading out in 1 layer in 2 large 4-sided sheet pans. Bake, stirring occasionally, until dry, about 20 minutes. Cool completely and transfer to a large bowl. Meanwhile, cook chorizo in oil in a 12-inch heavy skillet over medium-high heat, stirring occasionally, until crisp, 1 to 2 minutes. Add onions, celery, garlic, oregano, and 1 1/4 teaspoon salt and sauté until vegetables are softened, about 10 minutes. Add to corn bread. Whisk together broth  <END>
INPUT: live crabs, two packets Zatarain's, cayenne, table salt, lemons
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spicy Boiled Crabs, Shrimp, Potatoes, Corn, and Garlic | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 24 live blue crabs; two 3-ounce packets Zatarain's crab boil or 5 tablespoons Old Bay seasoning; 1 tablespoon cayenne; 1/2 cup table salt; 3 lemons, quartered; 2 onions, halved; 1 1/2 pounds small potatoes (about 2 inches in diameter); 2 heads of garlic (not separated into cloves); 6 ears of corn, shucked; 2 tablespoons Old Bay Seasoning*, or to taste, for sprinkling over boiled seafood; 2 pounds large shrimp (about 30, preferably with heads); Accompaniments:Horseradish Cocktail Sauce and French bread | INSTRUCTIONS: In a 7- to 8-gallon kettle bring 5 gallons water to a boil. While water is coming to a boil, in a deep sink rinse crabs in 2 or 3 changes of water. (Do not fill sink too full or crabs may crawl out.) Add Zatarain's crab boil or 5 tablespoons Old Bay seasoning, cayenne, salt, lemons, and onions to boiling water and boil 5 minutes. Add potatoes and garlic and boil until tender, about 15 minutes. Transfer potatoes and garlic with a large sieve to a large platter and keep warm, covered with foil. Add corn to boiling water and cook until tender, about 5 minutes. Transfer corn with tongs to platter  <END>
INPUT: herbed, loin veal chops, butter, bacon, shallots, Juice lime
OUTPUT: TITLE: Herbed Veal Chops with Bacon and Shallots | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 loin or rib veal chops (each about 1/3 pound; each about 3/4-inch thick); 1 to 2 tablespoons butter; 4 slices of bacon, chopped; 3 tablespoons minced shallots; Juice of 1 lime; Water; 1 cup loosely packed chopped fresh herbs such as tarragon, mint, basil and parsley or a combination of your choice; Salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Trim excess fat from the chops and season them lightly with pepper. Melt the 1 tablespoon of the butter in a 12 inch skillet. When melted add the bacon and saute for a few minutes or until somewhat crisp. If there is not enough fat in the skillet, then add more butter and heat up. Add the veal chops and saute them over high heat for 2 minutes a side, or just until browned. Lower the heat and continue to cook them uncovered and without liquid for another 5 to 7 minutes a side or until just cooked through. Remove the chops to a plate. Add the shallots to the skillet and saute until cooked throug <END>
INPUT: Italian, zucchini, Good olive oil, onions half, Kosher salt, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Zucchini with Parmesan | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 8 medium zucchini; Good olive oil; 2 large yellow onions cut in half and sliced 1/2 inch thick; Kosher salt; Freshly ground black pepper; 1/2 cup freshly grated Parmesan cheese | INSTRUCTIONS: Remove the ends of the zucchini and, if they are large, cut in half lengthwise. Slice the zucchini diagonally in 1/2-inch slices. Heat 2 tablespoons of olive oil in a large (12-inch) saute pan and add the onions. Cook for 10 minutes on medium-low heat, until they start to brown. Add half the zucchini, 1 teaspoon salt, and 1/4 teaspoon pepper to the pan and cook, tossing occasionally, for 10 to 15 minutes, until just cooked through. Sprinkle with Parmesan and cook for 30 seconds more. Remove to a serving platter and repeat with the rest of the zucchini. Serve immediately. Note: If you cook too  <END>
INPUT: brown, creamed, unsalted butter, all purpose flour, milk, shallot, Turkish California bay
OUTPUT: TITLE: Brown-Butter Creamed Winter Greens | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 stick unsalted butter, divided; 2 tablespoons all-purpose flour; 2 cups whole milk; 2 tablespoons minced shallot; 1 Turkish or 1/2 California bay leaf; 6 black peppercorns; 3 1/2 pounds mixed winter greens such as collards, mustard greens, and kale; 6 ounces slab bacon, any rind discarded and bacon cut into 1/4-inch-thick slices, then cut crosswise into 1/4-inch sticks (lardons); 1 cup finely chopped onion; 1/2 cup heavy cream; 2 garlic cloves, minced; 1 teaspoon dried hot red-pepper flakes; 1 tablespoon cider vinegar, or to taste | INSTRUCTIONS: Melt 2 tablespoons butter in a heavy medium saucepan over medium heat, then add flour and cook, stirring, 1 minute. Add milk in a stream, whisking, then add shallot, bay leaf, and peppercorns and bring to a boil, whisking. Simmer, whisking occasionally, 5 minutes. Strain béchamel sauce through a fine-mesh sieve into a bowl, discarding solids, and cover surface with parchment paper. Discard stems and center ribs from greens, then coarsely chop leaves. Cook lardons in a wide 6- to 8-quart heavy pot over medium heat, stirring occasionally, until golden-brown but not crisp, about 8 minutes. Transf <END>
INPUT: American, mexican, casserole, bulk pork sausage, mild chilies, cilantro, hot pepper sauce, cheddar cheese
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mexican-Style Cheese and Sausage Casserole | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound bulk pork sausage; 1 4-ounce can chopped mild green chilies; 4 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro; 1/4 teaspoon hot pepper sauce (such as Tabasco); 1 1/2 cups grated cheddar cheese; 1 cup grated Monterey Jack cheese; 12 6-inch-diameter flour or corn tortillas | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350°F. Sauté sausage in heavy large skillet over medium-high heat until brown, breaking up clumps with back of spoon, about 7 minutes. Using slotted spoon, transfer sausage to 8x8x2-inch glass baking dish or other ovenproof pan. Mix chopped green chilies, 3 tablespoons cilantro and hot sauce into sausage. Sprinkle cheddar cheese, Monterey Jack cheese, then remaining 1 tablespoon cilantro over sausage mixture. Bake casserole 10 minutes. Wrap tortillas tightly in foil. Place in oven to heat through alongside sausage casserole. Continue to bake casserole until cheeses bubble and s <END>
INPUT: Broccolini, olive oil, garlic, salt, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sauteed Broccolini with Garlic | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 lb Broccolini (sometimes called baby broccoli; 3 bunches), ends trimmed; 1/4 cup olive oil; 2 garlic cloves, finely chopped; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/4 teaspoon black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook Broccolini in a 6- to 8-quart pot of boiling salted water until stems are crisp-tender, about 5 minutes, then drain in a colander. Heat 2 tablespoons oil in a 12-inch heavy skillet over moderately high heat until hot but not smoking, then sauté half of garlic, stirring, until pale golden, about 30 seconds. Add half of Broccolini, 1/4 teaspoon salt, and 1/8 teaspoon pepper and cook, stirring, until heated through, about 2 minutes. Transfer to a serving dish and repeat with remaining ingredients. Cook Broccolini in a 6- to 8-quart pot of boiling salted water until stems are crisp-tender, ab <END>
INPUT: jambalaya, shell shrimp, peppercorns, onion, celery, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Shrimp Jambalaya | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound shell-on shrimp; 1 teaspoon black peppercorns; 1 onion, 1 half left intact, the other chopped; 3 celery stalks, 1 cut into large chunks and 2 chopped; 5 garlic cloves, 3 crushed and 2 chopped; 4 bay leaves; 2 tablespoons vegetable oil; 2 tablespoons all-purpose flour; 1 green bell pepper, chopped; 1 bunch scallions, chopped, white and green parts separated; 2 links (about 5 1/2 ounces) andouille sausage, chopped; 1 tablespoon tomato paste; Kosher salt; 1 cup long-grain rice; One 15-ounce can crushed tomatoes | INSTRUCTIONS: Make the shrimp broth: Remove the shells and tails from the shrimp and put the shells and tails in a medium saucepan. Clean and devein the shrimp and refrigerate until ready to use. Add the peppercorns, the intact onion piece, large celery chunks, 3 crushed garlic cloves and 2 bay leaves to the saucepan and cover with 5 cups of water. Bring to a high simmer and then lower the heat to maintain a low simmer. Cook until the water has reduced by about a third, 20 to 30 minutes. Let the broth cool completely and then strain (you should have about 3 cups. If you have less than 3 cups, add enough wat <END>
INPUT: whiskey, sugar, Kosher salt pepper, olive oil, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Whiskey Glazed Flat Iron Steaks and Grilled Potatoes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup whiskey, such as Jack Daniels; 1 tablespoon brown sugar; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1/4 cup olive oil; 4 cloves garlic, smashed; Four 8-ounce flat iron steaks or filet mignon steaks; 1 1/2 pounds Yukon gold potatoes; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh chives; 1 teaspoon white wine vinegar | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat a grill on medium-high heat. Whisk together the whiskey, brown sugar, 1 1/2 teaspoons salt and 1 teaspoon pepper until the sugar and salt are dissolved. Stir in 2 tablespoons of the oil and the garlic. Add the steaks, turn a few times to coat with the marinade and let stand at room temperature for 20 minutes. Meanwhile, quarter each potato lengthwise to form wedges and put in a medium pot. Cover with cold water to cover by 1-inch and add salt until the water tastes like sea water. Bring to a boil over medium-high heat, reduce the heat to medium and simmer until tender (but not falling  <END>
INPUT: Asian, onion, garlic, gingerroot, jalapeno chili, zest lemon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Coconut Chicken | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1 onion, coarsely chopped; 2 cloves garlic, chopped; 1 tablespoon minced fresh gingerroot; 1 large jalapeno chili, stemmed and halved; zest of 1 lemon, about 1 tablespoon; 1/4 cup water; 2 tablespoons vegetable oil; 1 (3 to 3 1/2 pound) chicken, cut into small serving pieces, skin removed; 1 cup sliced carrots; Salt, to taste; 1 1/2 teaspoons Hot Madras Sambar Curry Powder; 1 (14-ounce) can unsweetened 'light' coconut milk; Fresh lemon juice, to taste; 1/2 to 1 cup loosely packed chopped fresh cilantro leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: In a blender combine the onion, garlic, gingerroot, chili, lemon zest, and water and blend until pureed. In a casserole set over moderate heat, warm the oil until it is hot. Add the paste and cook it, stirring, for 3 minutes. Add the chicken, carrots, and salt to taste, and cook, turning the chicken until lightly colored on both sides, for about 10 minutes. Add the curry powder and cook, stirring and turning, for 5 minutes. Add the coconut milk and simmer, stirring occasionally, for about 10 minutes, or until chicken is cooked through. Stir in the lemon juice, to taste and the cilantro. Serve  <END>
INPUT: panino, Country style bread, turkey, sharp cheddar Gruyère, sage leaves, Cranberry sauce
OUTPUT: TITLE: Turkey Panino with Cranberry Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Country-style bread; Sliced turkey; Sliced sharp white cheddar or Gruyère; Fresh sage leaves; Cranberry sauce | INSTRUCTIONS: Build a sandwich with bread, turkey, cheddar, and sage. Butter outer slices of bread and cook in a panini press or skillet until bread is toasted and cheese melts. Serve with cranberry sauce. Build a sandwich with bread, turkey, cheddar, and sage. Butter outer slices of bread and cook in a panini press or skillet until bread is toasted and cheese melts. Serve with cranberry sauce. <END>
INPUT: osso, buco, veal shanks, Salt pepper, olive oil, unsalted butter, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Veal Shanks Osso Buco | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 veal shanks, center bone, cut into 8 to 10-ounce portions; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 3 tablespoons olive oil; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1 large onion, diced, about 1 cup; 1 cup diced carrots; 1 cup diced celery; 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped; 1 cup dry white wine; 3 tablespoons orange zestthy; 1 tablespoon lemon zest; 1/2 cup orange juice; 1/4 cup lemon juice; 1 cup canned plum tomatoes, seeds removed and slightly crushed; 2 cups hot beef and veal stock | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Season the veal with salt and pepper. Heat the olive oil and butter together in a large, heavy skillet and sear the veal shanks over high heat on all sides until well browned, about 10 minutes. Remove the browned veal shanks from the skillet and place them in an ovenproof casserole. To the same skillet to which you browned the veal add the diced vegetables, along with the garlic and saute them for 3 to 4 minutes. When the vegetables have begun to cook and wilt, add the white wine and deglaze the pan. Add the two zests and juices and allow to reduce for several minu <END>
INPUT: Italian, shrimp, tasso, milk, salt, butter, stone grits, leek
OUTPUT: TITLE: Shrimp and Tasso Gravy over Yellow Grits | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups whole milk; 2 teaspoons salt; 1/4 cup butter; 2 cups yellow stone-ground grits; 3/4 cup thinly sliced leek; 1 tablespoon butter, plus 3 tablespoons melted butter; 1 tablespoon chili powder; 1 tablespoon paprika; 1 1/2 teaspoons dried basil; 2 1/4 teaspoons dried oregano; 1 1/2 teaspoons freshly ground black pepper; 1 1/2 teaspoons seasoning salt; 1 1/2 teaspoons dried thyme; 1/4 teaspoon granulated garlic; Pinch seafood seasoning, such as Old Bay | INSTRUCTIONS: For the grits: Bring the milk, salt, butter and 6 cups water to a boil over medium heat in a heavy-bottomed pot. Slowly pour in the grits, stirring constantly. Reduce the heat and continue to stir for several minutes to make sure the grits do not scorch. Continue to cook the grits for about 20 to 25 minutes, stirring frequently. Keep warm until ready to serve. If they become too thick, add warm water or milk to thin. For the tasso gravy: Cook the leeks in 1 tablespoon butter in a medium saucepan until soft. Add the chili powder, paprika, basil, oregano, black pepper, seasoning salt, thyme, gar <END>
INPUT: Italian, olive oil, runner beans, Swiss chard stems, Kosher salt, beans
OUTPUT: TITLE: Runner Beans with Swiss Chard Stems and Basil | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons olive oil, divided; 8 ounces fresh runner beans, trimmed; 1 cup thinly sliced Swiss chard stems (from about 1 large bunch); Kosher salt, freshly ground pepper; 8 ounces green beans, trimmed, half halved lengthwise; 1 cup fresh basil leaves; 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat 1 tablespoon oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Add runner beans and Swiss chard stems, season with salt and pepper, and cook, tossing often, until crisptender, about 5 minutes. Transfer runner bean mixture to a large bowl and toss with green beans, basil, vinegar, and remaining 2 tablespoons oil; season with salt, pepper, and more vinegar, if desired. Heat 1 tablespoon oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Add runner beans and Swiss chard stems, season with salt and pepper, and cook, tossing often, until crisptender, about 5 minutes. Transfer runner bean mixture to a l <END>
INPUT: salad, canola oil, Kosher salt pepper, all purpose flour, seasoning salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fried Chicken Breast Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups canola oil; 2 boneless, skinless chicken breasts; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 cups all-purpose flour; 2 tablespoons seasoning salt; 2 eggs, beaten; 1 head romaine lettuce, chopped; 1 cup cherry tomatoes; 1/4 cup sliced red onion; Sweet Dijon vinaigrette, recipe follows; 1 teaspoon honey Dijon mustard; 1/2 cup red wine vinegar; 1 cup extra virgin olive oil; 1 teaspoon sugar; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat the oil to 350 degrees F in a large saute pan over medium-high heat. Season the chicken breasts with salt and pepper. Season the flour with some seasoning salt. Lightly dredge both sides of the chicken in the seasoned flour, and then dip in the egg wash, letting the excess drip off, and then dredge in the seasoned flour again. Place the breaded chicken in the saute pan and fry until crisp and golden brown. In a large bowl, toss together the romaine, tomatoes, and red onions with some of the Sweet Dijon vinaigrette. Slice the fried chicken breasts and arrange on top of the salad. Combine t <END>
INPUT: ice, lemon juice, dashes orange bitters
OUTPUT: TITLE: Bitter Crush | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Crushed ice; 2 ounces (1/4 cup) Aperol (bitter orange aperitif); 1 1/2 ounces (3 tablespoons) white rum; 1 teaspoon fresh lemon juice; 2 dashes orange bitters; 1/2 to 1 teaspoon sugar; Garnish: 1 (1 1/2-inch-long) lemon twist | INSTRUCTIONS: Fill an 8- to 10-ounce highball glass with crushed ice. Stir together Aperol, rum, lemon juice, and bitters in a small glass measuring cup. Add sugar to taste, stirring until sugar is dissolved, then pour over ice. Fill an 8- to 10-ounce highball glass with crushed ice. Stir together Aperol, rum, lemon juice, and bitters in a small glass measuring cup. Add sugar to taste, stirring until sugar is dissolved, then pour over ice. <END>
INPUT: Indian, kabocha, soup, kaboucha squash, chicken stock, heavy cream, dark honey, cinnamon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Kabocha Squash Soup with Creme Fraiche, Caramelized Granny Smith Apple and Madras Curry Cotton Candy | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 1 large kaboucha squash; 3 quarts chicken stock; 1 quart heavy cream; 1 cup dark honey; 4 cinnamon sticks; 4 star anise; 1 Granny Smith apple; 1/4 cup creme fraiche; 2 tablespoons superfine sugar; 1 tablespoon madras curry powder | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: household or commercial cotton candy maker Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F. Roast kabocha squash whole for approximately 45 minutes or until soft. Remove from oven and set aside until cool. Peel skin and discard seeds keeping only the flesh. Combine flesh in a medium sauce pot with the chicken stock and heavy cream and bring to a simmer. Remove from heat. With an immersion blender, blend mixture until smooth. Place mixture back on stove and keep simmering for 30 minutes. Remove from heat and add honey, cinnamon sticks and star anise and allow to steep for 1 hour. Strain an <END>
INPUT: American, dressing, celery, sandwich bread, rosemary, sage leaves, turnips
OUTPUT: TITLE: Apple, Turnip and Sage Dressing | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 8 stalks celery, stalks trimmed of leaves and ends, washed, dried and cut into 1/4-inch thick half moons; 8 slices white sandwich bread; 1 teaspoon dry rosemary; 10 fresh sage leaves, stemmed and cut into thin strips; 4 medium turnips, peeled and cut into 1/2-inch thick cubes; 1 teaspoon ground allspice; 3 medium yellow onions, peeled, halved and cut into thin slices; 2 teaspoons granulated sugar; Kosher salt and freshly ground white pepper; 1 pound loose pork breakfast sausage, broken into small pieces and cooked; 1 cup low-sodium chicken stock, boiled and cooled; 1 stick to 1 1/4 sticks (8 to 10 tablespoons) unsalted butter; 4 medium Granny Smith apples, cored, peeled and cut into 8 to 10 even wedges | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. In a large skillet, melt 1/4 stick (2 tablespoons) of the butter. Add the apple wedges and onions. Season with the sugar and salt and pepper to taste. Cook over medium heat until the apples and onions become slightly tender and yielding but still hold their shape, 5 to 8 minutes. Stir in the celery and cook to soften it slightly, about 2 additional minutes. Remove the skillet from the heat and transfer the contents to a bowl. Set aside. Arrange the bread slices in a single layer on a baking sheet and toast until light brown. Alternatively, brown them in a toa <END>
INPUT: water, salt, polenta, unsalted butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Creamy Polenta | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 cups water; 1 teaspoon salt; 1 cup polenta (not quick-cooking) or yellow cornmeal (5 ounces); 2 tablespoons unsalted butter | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring water and salt to a boil in a 3-quart heavy saucepan, then add polenta in a thin stream, whisking. Cook over moderate heat, whisking, 2 minutes. Reduce heat to low and cover pan, then cook at a bare simmer, stirring with a long-handled spoon for 1 minute after every 10 minutes of cooking, 45 minutes total. Remove from heat and whisk in butter until incorporated. Serve polenta warm. Bring water and salt to a boil in a 3-quart heavy saucepan, then add polenta in a thin stream, whisking. Cook over moderate heat, whisking, 2 minutes. Reduce heat to low and cover pan, then cook at a bare simm <END>
INPUT: Mexican, adobado, salad, Wooden skewers, garlic, coarse salt, cumin, oregano
OUTPUT: TITLE: Shrimp and Mango Adobado Salad with Roasted Corn and Avocado Salsa | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: Wooden skewers; 4 garlic cloves; 1 teaspoon coarse salt; 2 teaspoons ground cumin; 1 teaspoon dried oregano; 2 teaspoons sweet paprika; Freshly ground black pepper; Pinch cayenne pepper (or more if you're brave!); 1 cup freshly squeezed grapefruit juice; 2 limes, juiced; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 2 pounds jumbo shrimp, peeled and deveined, tails left intact; 2 large ripe and firm mangos, peeled, sliced, and cut into long wedges; 4 ears corn, husks and corn silk discarded; 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Put wooden skewers in a pan of water for 30 minutes, so they don't burn on the grill. To make the marinade: Put the garlic on a cutting board and coarsely chop. Sprinkle with coarse salt and mash the garlic into a paste with the side of the knife. Put the garlic paste in a bowl. Add the cumin, oregano, paprika, black pepper, and cayenne. Mix to combine. Stir in the grapefruit juice, lime juice, and oil. Pour out about 1/3 of the marinade and put into a small bowl. Reserve for dressing the salad. Thread the shrimp and mango onto separate skewers and put side-by-side in a baking dish. Pour the r <END>
INPUT: Italian, garlic, olive oil, Kosher salt pepper, milk ricotta cheese, basil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Artichoke Sub | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 head garlic; 1teaspoon olive oil; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 to 11/2 cups whole milk ricotta cheese; 1 to 2tablespoons chopped fresh basil; 2tablespoons grated romano; Zest of1 lemon; Three10-ounce jars oil-packed artichoke hearts, drained; 1 largeFrench baguette; 4 to 6vibrant leafs of red leaf lettuce; 1 cuppine nuts, toasted with salt and a pinch of red pepper flakes | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Lop off stem end of the head of garlic. Pour the olive oil over the exposed cloves, sprinkle with salt and pepper and wrap loosely in foil. Bake until soft and slightly caramelized, about 20 minutes. Let cool, squeeze out the garlic cloves and set aside. Once cool, using your knife, chop into a paste. Mix together the roasted garlic, ricotta, basil, romano and lemon zest. Season with salt and pepper. Heat a grill pan over medium-high heat. Gently add the artichokes to the grill pan and grill until properly charred, 4 to 5 minute <END>
INPUT: egg whites, sugar, almond extract, unsalted butter, honey
OUTPUT: TITLE: Honey-Apple-Almond Cake | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 large egg whites; 1 cup sugar; 1 teaspoon almond extract; 3 sticks unsalted butter, cut into small pieces, at room temperature; 3 tablespoons honey; Basic Vanilla Cake, recipe follows, baked and cooled; 3/4 cup apple butter; Sliced almonds, toasted, for topping; 2 sticks unsalted butter, at room temperature, plus more for the pans; 3 cups all-purpose flour, plus more for the pans; 1 tablespoon baking powder; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1 1/2 cups sugar; 4 large eggs, at room temperature; 1 tablespoon vanilla extract | INSTRUCTIONS: Make the frosting: Whisk the egg whites and sugar in a heatproof bowl set over a saucepan of simmering water (do not let the bowl touch the water) until the mixture is warm and the sugar dissolves, 3 to 4 minutes. Remove the bowl from the pan and beat with a mixer on medium-high speed until stiff, glossy peaks form, 6 to 8 minutes. Beat in the almond extract, then beat in the butter a few pieces at a time. Continue beating until the frosting is smooth, 1 to 2 minutes. (Don't worry if the mixture looks separated at first; keep beating and it will come together.) Assemble the cake: Bring the hon <END>
INPUT: oatmeal, muffins, all purpose flour, old fashioned rolled, firmly dark sugar, double acting baking, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Date and Oatmeal Yogurt Muffins | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 cup all-purpose flour; 3/4 cup old-fashioned rolled oats; 1/4 cup firmly packed dark brown sugar; 1 1/2 teaspoons double-acting baking powder; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/8 teaspoon cinnamon; 1/3 cup chopped pitted dried dates; 1/3 cup walnuts, toasted lightly and chopped fine; 1/2 cup plain yogurt; 1/4 cup milk; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted and cooled; 1 large egg, beaten lightly | INSTRUCTIONS: In a bowl stir together the flour, the oats, the brown sugar, the baking powder, the salt, the cinnamon, the dates, and the walnuts and in another bowl whisk together the yogurt, the milk, the butter, and the egg. Stir the yogurt mixture into the flour mixture and stir the batter until it is just combined. Divide the batter among 6 paper-lined 1/2-cup muffin tins and bake the muffins in the middle of a preheated 400°F. oven for 30 minutes. In a bowl stir together the flour, the oats, the brown sugar, the baking powder, the salt, the cinnamon, the dates, and the walnuts and in another bowl whis <END>
INPUT: French, sauce, unsalted butter, mushrooms, cucumber, tarragon leaves tarragon, heavy cream
OUTPUT: TITLE: Baked Ham with Cucumber, Tarragon, and Mushroom Sauce | CUISINE: French | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon unsalted butter; 4 large mushrooms, sliced thin; 1 cucumber, peeled, seeded, and sliced thin crosswise (about 1 1/2 cups); 2 teaspoons finely chopped fresh tarragon leaves plus tarragon sprigs for garnish if desired; 2 tablespoons heavy cream; 1/4 teaspoon Dijon-style mustard; a 3/4-pound ham steak, trimmed | INSTRUCTIONS: In a skillet melt the butter over moderate heat until the foam subsides and in it cook the mushrooms, stirring, until they begin to give off their liquid. Add the cucumber and cook the mixture, stirring, for 3 to 5 minutes, or until the cucumber is softened slightly. Stir in the chopped tarragon, the cream, and the mustard and cook the mixture until it is thickened slightly. Put the ham in a baking dish and spread it with the cucumber mixture. Bake the ham in the middle of a preheated 350°F. oven for 10 minutes, or until it is heated through, and garnish the top with the tarragon sprigs. In a  <END>
INPUT: Italian, white, pizza dough pick, virgin olive oil, skim ricotta, garlic, Handful flat leaf
OUTPUT: TITLE: White Pizza | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 store bought pizza dough - or pick one up from your favorite pizzeria; Extra- virgin olive oil, for drizzling; 2 cups whole or part skim ricotta; 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped; Handful flat-leaf parsley, finely chopped; 2 cups shredded mozzarella or provolone, 1 pouch; 10 fresh basil leaves, 1/2 cup, shredded | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat a pizza stone if you use one along with the oven to 425 degrees F. Stretch dough to form a pie and transfer to stone or pizza baking tray. Pierce the dough with the tines of a fork in several places. Drizzle extra-virgin olive oil around the crust. Mix the ricotta cheese with garlic and parsley and season it with salt and black pepper. Spread the ricotta across the dough. Top the pizza with mozzarella or provolone. Bake until crispy, 20 minutes. Top the white pizza pie with the shredded basil leaves, cut and serve. <END>
INPUT: Italian, sauce, virgin olive oil, Italian salami, garlic, San Marzano plum, basil leaves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spinach Ravioli With Tomato Sauce | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1 ounce Italian salami, finely diced, or pulsed in a food processor; 4 cloves garlic, minced; 1 28-ounce can San Marzano plum tomatoes, drained, juices reserved; 5 or 6 fresh basil leaves, plus more for garnish; Pinch of sugar; Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper; 1 1/2 pounds frozen spinach-and-cheese ravioli; 1 ounce ricotta salata or parmesan cheese, grated | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring a large pot of water to a boil. Meanwhile, heat the olive oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Add the salami and garlic and cook, about 1 minute. Crush the tomatoes into the pan with your hands and cook until slightly dry, about 5 minutes. Add the reserved tomato juice, basil, sugar, and salt and pepper to taste. Increase the heat to high and cook until the sauce thickens, about 5 minutes. Stir in 3/4 cup water and reduce the heat to medium-low. Let simmer while you cook the ravioli. Add salt to the boiling water, then add the ravioli and cook as the label directs; drain. Divid <END>
INPUT: American, porterhouse, steak, peanut oil, onion, garlic, plum tomatoes, ketchup
OUTPUT: TITLE: Porterhouse Steak with Hoisin Barbecue Sauce and Rosemary and Garlic Fingerling Potatoes | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon peanut oil; 1/2 medium red onion, finely diced; 2 cloves garlic, minced; 6 plum tomatoes, coarsely diced; 1/4 cup ketchup; 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard; 2 tablespoons dark brown sugar; 6 tablespoons hoisin sauce; 2 tablespoons cider vinegar; 2 tablespoons soy sauce; 1 tablespoon honey; 1 teaspoon cayenne; 1 tablespoon ancho chile powder; 1 teaspoon pasilla chile powder; 1 tablespoon Worcestershire | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large saucepan, over medium high heat, place the oil, onions and garlic and heat them until browned. Add the tomatoes and cook for 15 minutes. Add the ketchup, mustard, sugar, hoisin sauce, vinegar, soy sauce, honey, cayenne, chile powders and Worcestershire sauce and cook 15 minutes. Puree the mixture in a food processor. Pour into a bowl and allow to cool at room temperature. This makes about 5 cups. Marinate the steaks in the hoisin barbecue sauce for 1 hour. Remove the steaks from the marinade and season with salt and pepper. Grill the steaks over a medium heat wood fire for about 5 m <END>
INPUT: American, cheesy, butter, all purpose flour, shiitake baby bella, onions, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cheesy Mushroom and Broccoli Casserole | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons butter, plus extra for casserole dish; 2 tablespoons all-purpose flour; 1/2 pound shiitake or baby bella mushrooms, sliced; 1/4 cup onions, chopped; 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped; 1/2 teaspoon garlic powder; 1/2 teaspoon cayenne pepper; 1 1/2 cups heavy cream; 1/2 cup chicken stock; 1 (10-ounce) box frozen chopped broccoli, thawed and drained; 2 cups shredded Cheddar-Monterey blend; 3 cups cooked rice; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; Special equipment: 1 1/8-quart oval casserole dish | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat oven to 425 degrees F. Butter casserole dish. In a large pot, melt 3 tablespoons butter and flour over medium heat until golden in color to make a quick roux. The roux should resemble the color of peanut butter. Add mushrooms, onion, garlic, garlic powder, cayenne pepper, heavy cream and chicken stock. Add broccoli, 1 cup of the cheese and rice. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Pour into buttered dish and top with remaining shredded Cheddar. Bake until cheese is melted and golden, about 20 minutes. <END>
INPUT: American, tartlets, powdered gelatin, water, heavy cream, cream cheese
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pumpkin Tartlets | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: Nonstick cooking spray; 1 package powdered gelatin; 2 tablespoons cold water; 1/2 cup heavy cream; 8 ounces cream cheese, at room temperature; 3/4 cup brown sugar; 2 1/2 teaspoons pumpkin pie spice, divided; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 2 teaspoons vanilla extract; 1/4 cup sour cream; 1/4 cup maple syrup; 1 (15-ounce) can pumpkin pie filling; 1 box gingersnap cookies; 1 cup heavy cream; 3 tablespoons powdered sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: Spray 2 (24 count) mini muffin trays with nonstick cooking spray. Soften the gelatin in a small bowl by combining it with the cold water, stirring with a fork. Set aside. Heat the cream in a small pot over low heat until hot but not simmering. Remove it from the heat and whisk in the softened gelatin. Set aside and let cool to room temperature. In the bowl of a standing mixer, add the cream cheese and beat until smooth. Add the brown sugar, 2 teaspoons of the pumpkin pie spice, salt, and vanilla. Scrape down the sides of the bowl with a rubber spatula. Add the sour cream, maple syrup and pumpk <END>
INPUT: pudding, individual, butter, eggs yolks, sugar, heavy cream
OUTPUT: TITLE: Corn Pudding | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: For 6 individual (4-ounce) custard ceramic ramekins; 3 tablespoons melted butter; 2 eggs plus 2 yolks, beaten; 1/4 cup sugar; 1 1/4 cup heavy cream; 1 1/4 cup whole milk; 3 cups fresh corn, cut from the cob; 1 teaspoon salt; 1/2 teaspoon grated nutmeg | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 325-degrees. Butter molds or casserole. Beat eggs, stir in sugar, cream and milk. Add corn and salt. Mix thoroughly with whisk, pour into baking dishes and sprinkle with nutmeg. Bake in water bath for 45 minutes or until custard is set. <END>
INPUT: Italian, sheets, sauce, egg pasta dough, sea scallops, Flour dredging, Salt pepper taste, unsalted butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Herb Pasta Sheets with Scallops in Madeira Cream Sauce | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 recipe egg pasta dough (recipe above); 1 pound sea scallops; Flour for dredging; Salt and pepper to taste; 3 tablespoons softened unsalted butter; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1/4 cup minced shallots; 1/2 cup Sercial Madeira; 1 cup heavy cream; 2 teaspoons Dijon mustard; Fresh lemon juice to taste; Sweet paprika to taste; Herb sprigs for garnish if desired | INSTRUCTIONS: Transfer pasta dough to floured baking sheet and cover loosely with plastic wrap. Dredge scallops in flour, shaking off excess, and season with salt and pepper. In skillet set over moderately high heat melt 1 tablespoon of the butter with the oil and heat until hot. Add the scallops and saute until golden and just firm. Transfer to a plate, add the shallots to the skillet and cook 1 minute. Add the Madeira and reduce by half. Add the cream and reduce until lightly thickened. Stir in mustard, lemon juice, paprika and salt and pepper to taste. In a saucepan of boiling salted water cook the pasta <END>
INPUT: vegetables, tails baby monkfish, bacon, salsify, celery root, parsnips
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Baby Monkfish with Bacon and Root Vegetables | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 tails baby monkfish; 8 slices bacon; 1 salsify; 1 celery root; 2 parsnips; Sherry vinegar to taste; 1 bunch Italian parsley chopped; 1 tablespoon olive oil; Salt and pepper to taste | INSTRUCTIONS: Clean the skin of the monkfish and remove the central bone. Tie up the tails with the slice of bacon that you have slightly pounded. Clean all the vegetables and cut them in large chunks. In a saute pan over medium heat, sear the monkfish to give a little color to the bacon, reserve. In the same pan saute the vegetables in the residual fat from the bacon, for 6 to 8 minutes or until they start to caramelize add a little bit of sherry vinegar and reduce it by half. Place the monkfish tails on top of the vegetables and cover, let the tails cook in their own steam. Add a little bit of fresh chopp <END>
INPUT: marmalade, Salt pepper, Peanut oil, butter, oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sauteed Salmon with Red Onion Marmalade | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 (6-ounce) salmon fillets, skin on; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; Peanut oil; 2 tablespoons butter; 1 tablespoon oil; 2 red onions, cut into 1-inch dice; 3 tablespoons balsamic vinegar; 3 tablespoons red wine; 3 sprigs fresh thyme; 1/2 cup heavy cream; 1 tablespoon butter; Chive flowers, as garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Season the salmon with salt and pepper on both sides. Make 2 or 3 slits across the skin of the salmon. Place a cast-iron skillet over high heat. Add enough peanut oil to lightly coat the bottom of the pan. Just as the oil begins to smoke add the salmon, skin-side down and cook for 4 minutes. Lower the heat and cook the salmon all the way on the same side, about 10 minutes - it will cook from the bottom up. During the last 30 seconds or so, spoon some of the oil over the top of the salmon to help cook it through. While the salmon is cooking, make the sauce. In a stainless steel saute pan over m <END>
INPUT: pressure, cooked, pinto beans, water, oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pressure Cooked Pinto Beans | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup pinto beans, unsoaked; 4 cups water; 1 tablespoon oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Pick over beans, rinse and drain. Be sure to not fill the pressure cooker above the halfway mark. Combine ingredients in the cooker and cook for 22 to 25 minutes. For firm cooked beans, check for doneness after minimum time indicated. For soft cooked beans, add 2 extra minutes under high pressure. When cooking time is up, quick release pressure by placing cooker under cold running water. Drain immediately. Always clean the lid and vent thoroughly after cooking beans. Optional presoak: Cook the beans under high pressure for 1 minute, using 4 cups of water per cup of dried beans. Quick release t <END>
INPUT: cookies, Vegetable oil, sugar, butter, canola oil, egg
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sugar Cookies | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Vegetable-oil cooking spray; 1/2 cup sugar; 2 tbsp butter, lightly browned; 2 tbsp canola oil; 1 large egg; 1 1/2 tsp vanilla extract; 1 1/2 cups all-purpose flour; 1 tsp baking powder; 1/4 tsp salt; 4 cups (a 1-lb box) confectioners' sugar, sifted; 1/2 cup light corn syrup; 1 tsp lemon (or vanilla) extract | INSTRUCTIONS: Cookies: Position a rack in the upper third of the oven and preheat to 350°F. Line 2 baking sheets with foil and coat lightly with cooking spray. In a mixing bowl, combine sugar, butter and oil, beating with an electric mixer until smooth. Add egg and vanilla; beat until creamy and light yellow. Mix together flour, baking powder, and salt and sift into sugar mixture; beat at low speed until just combined. Press the ball of dough into a disk; cover with plastic wrap. Place dough in freezer 10 minutes. Roll out dough to an even 1/4-inch thickness. Cut out cookies with 2- to 2 1/2-inch cookie cut <END>
INPUT: Mexican, vaquero, cumin seeds, coriander seeds, thyme, garlic powder, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Vaquero Chicken | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 teaspoon whole cumin seeds; 1 teaspoon whole coriander seeds; 1 teaspoon dried thyme; 1 teaspoon garlic powder; 1/2 teaspoon black pepper; 1 teaspoon New Mexican chili powder; 1 teaspoon Mexican oregano; 1/2 cup canola oil; 6 boneless, skinless chicken breast halves | INSTRUCTIONS: To toast cumin and coriander, saute in dry frying pan on high heat until lightly browned. Cool. In an electric grinder (such as a coffee grinder) or with a mortar and pestle, grind cumin and coriander to a powder. Add remaining spices and grind until all spices are of a consistent texture. Combine spices and canola oil in a bowl. Place chicken pieces in marinade, marinate overnight in the refrigerator. Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. In an ovenproof saute pan, over high heat, sear chicken breasts until brown. Place in the oven and cook for 10 to 12 minutes, or until done. Chicken is complet <END>
INPUT: Asian, avocado, rolls, canola oil, onions, ginger, garlic, bamboo shoots
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken Avocado Egg Rolls | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 4 ounces canola oil; 1/2 cup finely minced red onions; 2 tablespoons minced ginger; 1 tablespoon minced garlic; 1/4 bamboo shoots; 2 cups chopped chicken breast; 1/4 cup soy sauce; 1 cup julienned Napa cabbage; 1 cup julienned green cabbage; 1/2 cup bean sprouts; 1/2 cup shredded carrots; 1/4 cup finely minced red bell peppers; 1/4 finely chopped celery; 4 cups rice bran oil; 12 egg roll wrappers | INSTRUCTIONS: In a saute pan with high heat add oil, and red onions. Saute until translucent then add ginger, garlic, bamboo shoots and chicken, and cook for 5 minutes over medium heat. Deglaze pan with soy sauce. Let cool, then cover and refrigerate. In medium mixing bowl combine cabbage, bean sprouts, carrots, peppers, celery and chicken mixture. In medium saucepan, heat rice bran oil to 350 degrees F. Oil needs to be deep enough to keep egg roll from touching bottom of pan. Add accordingly. To roll egg rolls, layout egg roll skin with corner facing you, place approximately 1/12th of mixture on roll and p <END>
INPUT: herb, fries, sweet potatoes, Salt, olive oil, garlic, thyme leaves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Garlic and Herb Grilled Sweet Potato Fries | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 large sweet potatoes; Salt; 5 tablespoons olive oil; 6 cloves garlic, finely chopped; 2 teaspoons finely chopped fresh thyme leaves; 1/4 teaspoon red chili flakes; 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh flat-leaf parsley | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Place the potatoes in a large pot of cold water, add 2 tablespoons of salt and cook until potatoes are tender, but still firm, about 15 minutes. Drain and let cool slightly. Heat the grill to high. While the potatoes are cooling, heat 2 tablespoons of the oil in a small saute pan on the grates of the grill. Add the garlic, thyme and chili flakes and cook until the garlic is just soft, about 45 seconds. Remove from the heat. Slice each potato in half lengthwise then slice each half into 3 or 4 wedges, depending on the size. Brush the wedges with the remaining 3 ta <END>
INPUT: American, triple, griddle, short, sirloin steak tips, Kosher salt pepper, American cheese, Butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Triple Cheese Griddle Burgers with Crispy Cherry Peppers | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 pounds boneless short ribs, cut into 1-inch cubes; 1 1/2 pounds sirloin steak tips, cut into 1-inch cubes; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 12 slices white American cheese; Butter, for buttering the buns; 4 fresh brioche buns; Crispy Pickled Cherry Peppers, recipe follows; 18,000 Island Dressing, recipe follows; 2 cups vegetable oil; 1/2 cup rice flour; 1 teaspoon seasoned salt; 1 cup sliced pickled red cherry peppers; 1 cup mayonnaise; 2 tablespoons diced pickled jalapenos; 2 tablespoons ketchup | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Place the short rib and steak tip cubes on a baking sheet in a single layer, leaving a 1/2-inch space around each chunk. Freeze the meat until very firm and starting to harden around the edges, but still pliable, 15 to 25 minutes. Place half of the meat in a food processor and pulse until coarsely ground, ten to fifteen 1-second pulses, stopping and redistributing the meat around the bowl as necessary to ensure it is evenly ground. Transfer the meat to a baking sheet, overturning the bowl and without directly touching the meat. Repeat the grinding process with th <END>
INPUT: American, salad, garlic, pork tenderloins
OUTPUT: TITLE: Smoked BBQ Pork with Watercress Salad | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup (125 mL) soy sauce; 1/2 cup (125 mL) orange juice; 2 tablespoons (30 mL) grated fresh ginger; 1 garlic clove, minced; 2 pork tenderloins; Freshly cracked black pepper; 2 handfuls of hickory wood chips, soaked in water for 1 hour; 1 cup (250 mL) water; 1 cup (250 mL) ice cubes; A bunch of watercress, tough stems discarded; 1 shallot, thinly sliced; 4 hard-boiled eggs, chopped; Maldon sea salt and freshly cracked black pepper; 2 tablespoons (30 mL) mayonnaise; 1 tablespoon (15 mL) Dijon mustard | INSTRUCTIONS: To marinate the pork: In a large bowl, combine the soy sauce, orange juice, ginger, and garlic. Add the pork, turning to coat. Cover and refrigerate for at least 12 hours. In a large bowl, combine the soy sauce, orange juice, ginger, and garlic. Add the pork, turning to coat. Cover and refrigerate for at least 12 hours. To smoke the pork: Remove the pork from the marinade, discarding the marinade. Pat dry with paper towels. Put the pork on a plate and refrigerate for 1 hour to dry out. Remove the pork from the marinade, discarding the marinade. Pat dry with paper towels. Put the pork on a plat <END>
INPUT: marshmallows, canola oil, gelatin powdered gelatin, brewed espresso very, granulated sugar, pure vanilla extract
OUTPUT: TITLE: Hot Chocolate with Homemade Espresso Marshmallows | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon/15ml canola oil; 6 sheets gelatin or 4 teaspoons powdered gelatin; 1/2 cup/125ml brewed espresso or very strong coffee; 1 1/2 cups/375ml granulated sugar; 1 tablespoon/15ml pure vanilla extract; 2 tablespoons/30ml confectioners' sugar; 2 tablespoons/30ml cornstarch; 2 cups/500ml 35-percent cream; 2 cups/500ml milk; 1/3 cup/80ml confectioners' sugar; 2 cups/500ml chopped dark chocolate; 1/2 cup/125ml brewed espresso | INSTRUCTIONS: For the marshmallows: Line a 13 by 9 by 2-inch baking pan (33 by 23 by 5 centimeters) with plastic wrap and lightly brush with the oil. If using gelatin sheets, soak them in 2/3 cup (80ml) cold water in a shallow pan for 10 minutes. If using powdered gelatin, let bloom powdered gelatin in the 2/3 cup cold water. Then add the bloomed gelatin to the warmed up espresso and sugar mixture. Warm up the espresso with the granulated sugar and vanilla in a saucepan over medium heat. Add the gelatin sheets and the soaking water and heat until the gelatin and sugar dissolve, about 2 minutes, stirring oft <END>
INPUT: American, quesadillas, onion, garlic, olive oil, bell peppers, basil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Goat Cheese Quesadillas with Roasted Red Pepper | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 small onion, chopped coarse; 3 garlic cloves, chopped; 3 tablespoons olive oil; 2 red bell peppers, roasted; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh basil; Six (9- to 10-inch) flour tortillas; 4 1/2 ounces soft mild goat cheese cut into 4 pieces, at room temperature; 1/4 cup prepared basil pesto*; 1 small onion, sliced thin; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened | INSTRUCTIONS: For the sauce: In a skillet cook onion and garlic in 1 tablespoon oil over moderate heat, stirring, until softened. Transfer onion mixture to a food processor and add roasted peppers, basil, remaining 2 tablespoons oil, and salt and pepper to taste. Blend sauce until smooth and transfer to a small bowl. Sauce may be made up to 3 days ahead and chilled, covered. For the quesadillas: Put 1 tortilla on a work surface and spread with 1 piece of goat cheese, covering surface evenly. Spread 1 tablespoon pesto over goat cheese and cover with one fourth of onion. Repeat layering in the same manner, en <END>
INPUT: crostini, olive oil, bell pepper, spinach, garlic, prosciutto
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spinach, Prosciutto and Red Bell Pepper Crostini | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 teaspoons plus 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1/2 red bell pepper, cut into matchstick-size strips; 1 10-ounce package fresh spinach, stemmed; 1 teaspoon minced garlic; 1/4 cup chopped prosciutto; 1 tablespoon whipping cream; 12 1/2-inch-thick slices cut from French bread baguette; 6 tablespoons freshly grated Parmesan cheese | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat 1 teaspoon oil in heavy large skillet over medium heat. Add bell pepper and sauté until crisp-tender, about 8 minutes. Transfer pepper to small bowl. Heat same skillet over high heat. Add spinach and sauté 2 minutes. Reduce heat to medium and sauté until spinach is tender, about 2 minutes longer. Cool in skillet. Transfer spinach to work surface; chop spinach. Set aside. Heat 1 teaspoon oil in same skillet over medium heat. Add garlic and sauté until fragrant, about 30 seconds. Add prosciutto and sauté 30 seconds. Add chopped spinach. Sauté 2 minutes. Season to taste with salt and pepper. <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, mixed, almonds, wine vinegar, olive oil, honey, baby salad greens, crumbled feta cheese
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mixed Greens with Feta, Almonds, and Blueberries | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 tablespoons red wine vinegar; 3 tablespoons olive oil; 1 teaspoon honey; 1 5-ounce bag baby salad greens; 1/2 cup crumbled feta cheese (about 2 1/2 ounces); 1 1/2-pint container blueberries; 1/4 cup pine nuts, toasted | INSTRUCTIONS: Whisk vinegar, oil, and honey in small bowl. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Combine greens, feta, and blueberries in large bowl. Add dressing; toss to coat. Sprinkle with pine nuts and serve. Whisk vinegar, oil, and honey in small bowl. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Combine greens, feta, and blueberries in large bowl. Add dressing; toss to coat. Sprinkle with pine nuts and serve. <END>
INPUT: sauce, sugar, dark rum, pear, apricots, fine quality bittersweet
OUTPUT: TITLE: Poached Pear and Dried Apricots with Chocolate Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup sugar; 1 tablespoon dark rum; 1 large pear; 6 whole dried apricots, chopped; 1/2 ounce fine-quality bittersweet chocolate, chopped; 1/4 teaspoon vanilla | INSTRUCTIONS: In a heavy saucepan combine the sugar, the rum, and 1/2 cup water and simmer the mixture for 2 minutes. Add the pear, peeled, halved, and cored, and the apricots and poach the fruit, covered, spooning the syrup over the pear occasionally, for 8 to 10 minutes, or until the pear is tender. In a small heavy saucepan combine the chocolate, 2 tablespoons water, and the vanilla and heat the mixture over low heat, stirring constantly, until it is smooth. Transfer the pear halves to a work surface, cut them diagonally, into 1/4-inch-thick slices, and fan them onto 2 plates. Sprinkle the apricots over  <END>
INPUT: American, biscuits, bacon, all purpose flour, baking powder, baking soda, kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Bacon-Cheese Biscuits | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 4 slices thick-cut bacon; 2 cups all-purpose flour, plus more for dusting; 2 teaspoons baking powder; 1/4 teaspoon baking soda; 1 teaspoon kosher salt; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh chives; 6 tablespoons cold unsalted butter, cut into small pieces, plus melted butter for brushing; 1 cup grated Colby or cheddar cheese; 1 cup buttermilk | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Cook the bacon in a skillet over medium heat until crisp. Drain on paper towels and reserve 2 tablespoons drippings. Finely chop the bacon. Whisk the flour, baking powder, baking soda, salt, chopped bacon and chives in a medium bowl. Using a pastry blender or your fingers, work the butter into the flour mixture until it is in pea-size pieces. Stir in the cheese with a wooden spoon. Add the buttermilk and reserved bacon drippings and gently mix until just moistened. The dough will be loose. Turn the dough out onto a lightly floured surface and knead 3 to 5 tim <END>
INPUT: virgin olive oil, garlic, pepper flakes, kale, vegetable broth
OUTPUT: TITLE: Quinoa and Braised Kale with Toasted Hazelnuts | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 2 cloves garlic, thinly sliced; 1/4 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes; 1 large bunch kale (1-pound), leaves trimmed and chopped (8 ounces, 6 cups); 2 3/4 cups vegetable broth; 3 cups peeled, cubed winter squash, turnip, or combination of both (about 12 ounces); Kosher salt; 1 tablespoon apple cider vinegar; 1 1/4 cups quinoa; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh parsley; 1/3 cup hazelnuts, toasted and roughly chopped, for topping | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. Heat 1 tablespoon oil in a Dutch oven over medium heat. Add the garlic and pepper flakes and cook until the garlic begins to brown, 2 minutes. Add the kale, tossing well. Add 1 cup broth and 1/2 cup water. Cover and cook until wilted, 5 minutes. Add the squash, season with salt and reduce heat to a simmer. Continue to cook, covered, until the kale and squash are tender, 12 to 15 minutes. Uncover and stir in the vinegar. 2. Meanwhile, in a medium saucepan over medium heat add the quinoa, remaining 1 3/4 cups broth, and 1 cup water and bring to a boil. Reduce heat and simmer, gently stirring  <END>
INPUT: tournedos, duck breasts, young zucchini, salt, cep mushrooms, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Duck Breast & Zucchini Tournedos | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 duck breasts; 3 young zucchini; salt; 1 3/4 oz dried cep mushrooms ('champagne cork' or bouchon) or porcini; 2 tablespoons coarsely ground black pepper; 1 tablespoon herbes de Provençe (usually marjoram, oregano, rosemary, thyme) | INSTRUCTIONS: For the mushroom powder, process the dried cep mushrooms until finely ground, combine them with the pepper and herbes de Provençe. Cut the duck breasts lengthways into 3 mm (⅛ inch) wide strips. Lay out the strips of duck two by two on top of each other, alternating layers of fat and lean. Cut the zucchini into strips using a vegetable peeler. Lay the strips of zucchini on top of the duck, season with the mushroom powder and season with salt. Roll up the strips tightly to make tournedos and tie with string. Make 6 tournedos in this way. Cook over gentle heat 5 minutes each side. For the mushro <END>
INPUT: shrimp, olive oil, garlic, lemons, smoked paprika
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Shrimp Po' Boy | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 pounds large shrimp, peeled and deveined; 2/3 cup olive oil; 4 cloves garlic, peeled and smashed; 2 lemons, juiced; 2 teaspoons smoked paprika; 1 teaspoon cayenne pepper; 2 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce; 2 tablespoons hot sauce; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 French baguette, sliced lengthwise in 1/2; Butter Sauce, recipe follows; Sweet Pickle Mayonnaise, recipe follows; Shredded lettuce, for serving; Sliced tomato, for serving; 1/2 stick salted butter | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Special equipment: Bamboo skewers, soaked in water for 30 minutes Arrange about 4 shrimp on each skewer and add to a 13 by 9-inch casserole dish. Add the olive oil, garlic, lemon juice, smoked paprika, cayenne, Worcestershire, hot sauce, salt and pepper, to taste, to a measuring cup. Whisk well and pour over the shrimp in the casserole. Cover the dish and let the shrimp marinate in refrigerator for 20 minutes. Preheat the grill to medium-high heat. Grill the shrimp skewers over medium-high heat for about 4 minutes total, flipping once halfway through. Add the bag <END>
INPUT: American, tavern, pork shoulder beef, onions, garlic, unsalted butter, burgundy wine
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tavern Beef and Pork Pie | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 pounds cooked boneless pork shoulder and 1 1/2 pounds cooked beef chuck roast, cut into 1/2-inch cubes (recipe follows); 1 cup chopped yellow onions; 4 cloves garlic, chopped; 1 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1 cup red burgundy wine; 1 cup chopped button mushrooms; 1 small bunch fresh basil, chopped (about 1/4 cup); 1/2 small bunch fresh parsley, chopped (about 3 tablespoons); 1 sprig fresh thyme; 2 teaspoons salt; 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 1 cup demi-glace; 3 pounds puff pastry (homemade or store-bought); 1 egg, lightly beaten with 1 tablespoon water; 1/4 cup vegetable oil | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large skillet, saute the precooked beef and pork cubes, onions, and garlic in the butter over high heat for 5 minutes, until the onions are golden brown. Add the red wine to deglaze the pan, loosening any browned bits on the bottom of the pan with a wooden spoon. Add the mushrooms, basil, parsley, thyme, salt, and pepper and cook until the liquid has evaporate. Stir in the demi-glace and cook about 5 minutes more, until all liquid has evaporated again. Remove from the heat. Spread the mixture out onto a baking sheet and let it cool for 10 minutes. Refrigerate the mixture about 1 hour to c <END>
INPUT: Indian, potatoes, curry powder, salt, chicken thighs, vegetable oil, shallot
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken Curry with Sweet Potatoes | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons curry powder, preferably Three Golden Bells brand; 1/2 teaspoon salt, or to taste; 2 pounds skinless chicken thighs; 2 tablespoons vegetable oil; 1 tablespoon chopped shallot; 2 teaspoons minced garlic; 2 teaspoons ground chili paste or dried chili flakes, or to taste; 3 tablespoons fish sauce; 1 tablespoon sugar; 2 lemongrass stalks, cut into 3-inch pieces and bruised with the flat side of a knife; 1 (1-inch) piece ginger, peeled, cut into 3 slices and bruised with the flat side of a knife; 1 1/2 cups fresh chicken stock or store-bought low-sodium chicken broth; 3 carrots, peeled, cut on the diagonal into 2/3-inch pieces; 1 1/2 cups unsweetened coconut milk or cow's milk; 1 yellow onion, cut into wedges | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. Combine 2 tablespoons of the curry powder and the salt in a bowl. Add the chicken and turn to coat the meat evenly. Set aside for 30 minutes. 2. Heat the oil in a medium pot over moderate heat. Add the shallot, garlic, chili paste and the remaining 1 tablespoon curry powder, and stir until fragrant, about 10 seconds. Add the chicken and cook until the edges of the pieces are golden, 3 to 4 minutes. Add the fish sauce, sugar, lemongrass, ginger and chicken stock. Bring to a boil, then reduce the heat. Add the carrots and cook for 10 minutes. Add the coconut milk, onion and sweet potato and c <END>
INPUT: rouille, toasts, garlic, cayenne pepper, crumbled saffron threads, roasted bell pepper, wine vinegar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Red Pepper Rouille and Shrimp Toasts | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 garlic cloves; 1/4 teaspoon cayenne pepper; 1/8 teaspoon crumbled saffron threads; 1/2 cup diced drained roasted red bell pepper from jar, patted dry; 2 teaspoons red wine vinegar; 1/2 cup mayonnaise; 24 uncooked large shrimp, peeled, deveined; 12 4x1/2-inch diagonal slices sourdough baguette; Drained capers | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 425°F. Finely chop garlic cloves with cayenne pepper and saffron in mini processor. Add roasted red pepper and vinegar to processor; blend until almost smooth. Blend in mayonnaise. Season rouille to taste with salt and pepper. Transfer 1/3 cup rouille to medium bowl. Add shrimp and toss to coat. Arrange sourdough baguette slices on baking sheet. Spread each slice with rouille. Bake until bottoms of toasts are crisp and rouille is darker in color, about 10 minutes. Heat large nonstick skillet over medium-high heat. Add shrimp, spreading in single layer. Cook until just browned a <END>
INPUT: buttered, haricots verts, unsalted butter, Salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Buttered Haricots Verts | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 pound haricots verts (thin French green beans); 1 tablespoon unsalted butter; Salt and pepper, to taste | INSTRUCTIONS: In a kettle of boiling salted water boil the haricots verts for 4 to 6 minutes, or until they are crisp-tender, drain them, and plunge them into a bowl of ice water to stop the cooking. Drain the beans again and pat dry. The beans may be prepared up to this point 1 day in advance and kept wrapped in dampened paper towels in a plastic bag and chilled. Just before serving, in a large skillet melt the butter over moderately high heat and in it toss the haricots verts until they are heated through. Season with salt and pepper.; <END>
INPUT: American, tomato sauce, ketchup, sugar, cider vinegar
OUTPUT: TITLE: BBQ Mango Tilapia | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup canned tomato sauce; 2 tablespoons (1 ounce) mango nectar; 2 tablespoons ketchup; 2 teaspoons brown sugar (loosely packed); 2 teaspoons cider vinegar; 1 teaspoon molasses; 1/2 teaspoon garlic powder; 1/4 cup diced tomatoes; 1/4 cup diced mango; Two 4.5-ounce fillets raw tilapia; 1 tablespoon chopped cilantro, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: In a medium bowl, combine tomato sauce, mango nectar, ketchup, brown sugar, vinegar, molasses, and garlic powder. Whisk thoroughly, and then stir in diced tomatoes and mango. Place fish and sauce in a container and toss to coat. Cover and let it marinate in the refrigerator for 30 minutes. Bring a skillet sprayed with nonstick spray to medium heat on the stove. Add fish and marinade. Once marinade begins to simmer, cover and cook until the fish is tender and cooked through, about 5 minutes. Plate the tilapia and top with any excess marinade from the skillet. Garnish with cilantro and enjoy! Pe <END>
INPUT: diane, garlic, hot pepper flakes, mushrooms, Sherry
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sauteed Mushrooms Diane | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 garlic clove, minced; 1/2 teaspoon dried hot red pepper flakes, or to taste; 1/2 stick (1/4 cup) unsalted butter; 1 pounds mushrooms, halved; 1/4 cup medium-dry Sherry; 1/4 cup teriyaki sauce; 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh parsley leaves (wash and dry before chopping) | INSTRUCTIONS: In a heavy skillet cook garlic and red pepper flakes in butter over moderately low heat, stirring, 1 minute. Add mushrooms, Sherry, and teriyaki sauce and cook over moderate heat, stirring occasionally, until mushrooms are tender. Transfer mushrooms with a slotted spoon to a bowl and boil liquid until reduced to a thick glaze. Return mushrooms to skillet and stir to coat with glaze. Stir in parsley and salt and pepper to taste. In a heavy skillet cook garlic and red pepper flakes in butter over moderately low heat, stirring, 1 minute. Add mushrooms, Sherry, and teriyaki sauce and cook over mod <END>
INPUT: Italian, burgers, beef, pork, wine, onion, oregano marjoram
OUTPUT: TITLE: The Ultimate Salami Burgers | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/4 pounds 80-percent ground beef; 3/4 pound ground pork; 1/3 cup dry red wine; 1/2 onion; 1 teaspoon dried oregano or marjoram; 2 large cloves garlic, finely grated or minced; 1 fresh chile pepper, finely chopped, or 2 teaspoons red pepper flakes; A handful of grated Pecorino; Freshly ground pepper; EVOO, for drizzling; Salt; 8 slices hard salami or Genoa salami (sliced not too thin); 4 slices provolone (sliced not too thin); 1 cup giardiniera (Italian pickled vegetables), drained and finely chopped or pulsed in a food processor; 4 large kaiser rolls, or 12 small rolls for sliders | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Put the ground beef and pork in a large bowl and douse with the wine. Grate 3 to 4 tablespoons onion directly into the bowl to catch the juices. Add the oregano, garlic, chile, cheese, 1 tablespoon pepper and a drizzle of EVOO. Mix until just combined. Shape into 4 large patties or 12 small patties for sliders. Make an indentation in the center of each patty to help them cook evenly and prevent them from puffing up. Sprinkle with a little salt. Arrange the salami slices on a rack set over a rimmed baking sheet. Bake until they c <END>
INPUT: caramels, sugar, dark corn syrup, condensed milk
OUTPUT: TITLE: Hazelnut Caramels | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup (2 sticks) unsalted butter; 1 1/4 cups (packed) golden brown sugar; 1 cup sugar; 1 1/4 cups dark corn syrup; 1 14-ounce can sweetened condensed milk; 1 vanilla bean; 1 cup coarsely chopped husked toasted hazelnuts (about 4 ounces); Cellophane | INSTRUCTIONS: Line 9-inch square baking pan with 2-inch high sides with heavy-duty aluminum foil, extending foil over sides of pan. Butter foil. Melt 1 cup of butter in heavy large saucepan over low heat. Add both sugars, corn syrup and sweetened condensed milk and stir until sugar dissolves. Scape seeds from vanilla into mixture; add bean. Attach clip-on candy thermometer to side of saucepan. Increase heat to medium and bring mixture to a boil. Cook mixture 8 minutes, stirring frequently. Using tongs, remove vanilla bean and discard. Continue cooking until candy thermometer registers 242°F, stirring freque <END>
INPUT: Mexican, soup, olive oil, onion, cilantro stems, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Calabaza, Corn, and Coconut Soup | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1 medium onion, coarsely chopped; 1/4 cup finely chopped fresh cilantro stems; 2 garlic cloves, coarsely chopped; 1 (2 1/4-pound) piece calabaza squash or 1 (2 1/2-pound) whole kabocha squash, peeled, seeded, and cut into 1/2-inch pieces (6 cups); 4 cups water; 1 1/4 cups well-stirred canned unsweetened coconut milk (12 ounces); 3 ears of corn (fresh or thawed frozen), kernels cut off and reserved for relish (below) and cobs halved crosswise; 2 teaspoons salt; 1/4 teaspoon cayenne; 4 1/2 teaspoons fresh lime juice; 1/4 teaspoon salt; Pinch of sugar; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 2 cups corn kernels (see above) | INSTRUCTIONS: Make soup: Heat oil in a 4- to 5-quart heavy pot over moderately high heat until hot but not smoking, then sauté onion, stirring occasionally, until beginning to soften and edges are browned, about 4 minutes. Add cilantro stems and garlic and cook, stirring occasionally, 3 minutes. Add squash pieces and cook, stirring frequently, 3 minutes. Stir in water, coconut milk, corn cobs, salt, and cayenne and simmer, uncovered, stirring occasionally, until squash is very tender, about 15 minutes. Heat oil in a 4- to 5-quart heavy pot over moderately high heat until hot but not smoking, then sauté onio <END>
INPUT: scones, blanched almond flour, baking soda, fine sea salt, butter, cinnamon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cinnamon Apple Scones | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 cups blanched almond flour; 1 1/2 teaspoons baking soda; 1/2 teaspoon fine sea salt; 4 tablespoons butter, as cold as possible (preferably frozen), cut into small pieces; 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 2 large eggs; 2 tablespoons apple cider vinegar; 2 tablespoons honey; 1 small Granny Smith or Fuji apple, peeled, cored, and cut into thin tiles | INSTRUCTIONS: DO THIS: 1. Preheat the oven to 350°F with the rack in the middle position, and line a rimmed baking sheet with parchment paper. 2. In a large bowl, combine the almond flour, baking soda, and fine sea salt. Use your hands or a pastry cutter to work the pieces of cold butter into the dry ingredients until a crumbly mixture is produced. Then, mix the cinnamon into the almond flour mixture. 3. In a separate bowl, thoroughly whisk together the eggs, apple cider vinegar, and honey. 4. Make a well in the middle of the dry ingredients, and pour the egg mixture into it. 5. Gently mix with a spatula un <END>
INPUT: tian, dice eggplant, brunoised pepper, brunoised apple wood, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Eggplant and Pepper Tian on Fried Eggplant | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 cups small dice eggplant, lightly salted to release excess water and bitterness; 2 cups peeled and brunoised red pepper; 2 cups peeled and brunoised yellow pepper; 1/2 cup brunoised apple-wood smoked bacon; 5 garlic cloves, crushed; 2 teaspoons basil chiffonade; 2 teaspoons extra virgin olive oil; 1 teaspoon freshly picked thyme; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; Fried Eggplant, recipe follows | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 300 degrees F. Place 1/2-teaspoon extra virgin olive oil in a saute pan and add garlic cloves and bacon. Cook until bacon is slightly crisp. Blot the salted eggplant with paper towels to dry slightly. Discard 1/2 of the fat and add the eggplant. Cook until tender, season with fresh thyme, salt, and pepper. Drain and remove garlic. In 2 separate saute pans add the remaining extra virgin olive oil and gently saute the red and yellow peppers until tender. Season with salt, pepper, and basil chiffonade. Drain. Form the tians by placing a layer of eggplant in a ring mold and pac <END>
INPUT: Italian, fettuccine, broth, olive oil, onion, carrot, celery, shells roasted lobsters
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fettuccine in Lobster Broth with Shrimp, Crawfish and Crabmeat | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1 large onion, chopped; 1 small carrot, chopped; 1 stalk celery, chopped; Chopped shells of 2 roasted lobsters; 1 cup white wine; 6 cups water; 3 cloves garlic; 2 plum tomatoes, chopped; 1 bay leaf; 6 sprigs parsley; 3 tablespoons creme fraiche; 2 teaspoons chipotle puree; Salt and freshly ground pepper; Fresh chives | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat olive oil in a medium saucepan over medium heat. Add the onion, carrot and celery and cook until soft. Add the lobster shells and cook for five minutes. Raise the heat to high, add the wine and cook until reduced by half. Add the water, garlic, tomatoes, bay leaf and parsley and bring to a boil. Reduce heat and simmer for 40 minutes. Strain into a clean medium saucepan. Bring the broth to a boil and reduce to 2 cups, whisk in the creme fraiche and chipotle puree. Add the chives and season with salt and pepper to taste. For the Sauteed Shrimp: Heat oil in a medium saute pan over high heat. <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, salad, dressing, cucumber, feta, plain yogurt, garlic, pepper taste
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cucumber Feta Salad Dressing | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 1 cucumber, peeled and seeded; 1/4 cup drained feta (about 4 ounces), at room temperature; 1/2 cup plain yogurt; 1 small garlic clove, chopped and mashed to a paste with 1/4 teaspoon salt; freshly ground black pepper to taste | INSTRUCTIONS: Chop enough of cucumber to measure 1 cup and in a blender purée with feta, yogurt, and garlic until smooth. Transfer dressing to a bowl and season with pepper and salt. Chill dressing, covered, until cold, about 30 minutes. Dressing may be made 1 day ahead and chilled, covered. Chop enough of cucumber to measure 1 cup and in a blender purée with feta, yogurt, and garlic until smooth. Transfer dressing to a bowl and season with pepper and salt. Chill dressing, covered, until cold, about 30 minutes. Dressing may be made 1 day ahead and chilled, covered. <END>
INPUT: potatoes, Salt, garlic, bay leaves, cipollini spring onions
OUTPUT: TITLE: New Potatoes with Grilled Onion Butter | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 pounds fresh small potatoes; Salt; 4 cloves garlic; 3 dried bay leaves; 12 ounces cipollini or spring onions, peeled and halved crosswise; Canola oil, for grilling onions; Freshly ground black pepper; 1 stick (4 ounces) butter; 1 sprig fresh rosemary | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat a charcoal or gas grill to high. Put the potatoes in a 2-quart pot. Add enough water to cover the potatoes by 2 inches and enough salt to make the water taste like seawater. Add the garlic and bay leaves. Bring the potatoes to a boil and then cook at a gentle simmer until they test tender when poked with a thin fork, 15 to 20 minutes, though it depends on the size and age of the potatoes. Drain the contents of the pot into a sieve set over a heavy bowl, filling the bowl with the hot water just to warm it. Throw out the water, drop the potatoes in the bowl and cover the bowl tightly wit <END>
INPUT: Italian, portobello mushrooms, canola oil, pre made pesto, Parmesan, julienned sun tomatoes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Stuffed Portobello Mushrooms | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 4 large portobello mushrooms, stem and gills removed; 2 tablespoons canola oil, for brushing mushrooms; 1 cup pre-made pesto sauce (brand of choice); 3/4 cup grated Parmesan; 1/2 cup julienned sun-dried tomatoes with oil; 1/2 cup panko bread crumbs; 1 cup shredded part-skim mozzarella cheese; Salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the grill to medium heat Wipe the mushrooms with a damp paper towel to clean and dry well. Do not rinse under water. Brush the tops of the mushrooms with canola oil and set aside. In a mixing bowl, mix together the pesto sauce, Parmesan, sun-dried tomatoes and the bread crumbs. Season with salt and pepper, to taste, and mix thoroughly. Divide the mixture evenly into the 4 mushroom caps and top each with some mozzarella cheese. Put on the grill and cook until cheese is melted, about 10 minutes. Transfer to a serving dish and serve immediately. <END>
INPUT: Italian, parmesan, Dijon mustard, wine vinegar, salt, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Parmesan Chicken | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons Dijon mustard; 1 teaspoon white-wine vinegar; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/2 teaspoon black pepper; 6 (5-oz) skinless boneless chicken breast halves; 1 1/2 English muffins (not sandwich-size); 3/4 cup finely grated Parmigiano-Reggiano (1 1/2 oz); 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, melted; Special equipment: parchment paper | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 450°F and line a baking sheet with parchment. Whisk together mustard, vinegar, salt, and 1/4 teaspoon pepper in a large bowl and add chicken breasts, tossing to coat well. Pulse English muffins in a food processor until finely ground. Add cheese, butter, and remaining 1/4 teaspoon pepper and pulse until combined well. Transfer to a shallow soup plate or pie plate. Dredge chicken, 1 piece at a time, in crumbs, coating completely and pressing gently to help crumbs adhere, then transfer to baking sheet. Bake in middle of oven until golden brown and cooked through, 15 to 20 minutes <END>
INPUT: palmiers, homemade shop puff, All purpose flour, sun tomatoes, Few rosemary, egg
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sun-Dried Tomato and Rosemary Palmiers | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1lb 2oz/500g homemade or shop-bought puff pastry; All-purpose flour, for dusting; 1 10oz/280g jar of sun-dried tomatoes, drained and finely chopped; Few sprigs of fresh rosemary, leaves only, finely chopped; 1 egg, lightly beaten | INSTRUCTIONS: Put the puff pastry on a well-floured counter and bash it with a rolling pin. Usually, we need to be quite delicate with puff pastry, as it needs to puff up a lot, but for palmiers it needs to puff up only a little. Roll the pastry out into a rectangle about 12 by 14in (30 by 35cm) and 1/8in (3mm) thick. Spread the tomatoes over the puff pastry and sprinkle over the rosemary. With the shortest end facing you, take both long edges of the pastry and roll them toward each other to meet in the middle. Brush a little egg down the center to stick the two halves together. Carefully lift onto a large  <END>
INPUT: soup, croutons, potatoes, onion, garlic, thyme, chicken stock
OUTPUT: TITLE: Potato Leek Soup with Smoked Salmon and Rye Croutons | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 potatoes, diced; 1 onion; 3 cloves of garlic; 1 sprig fresh thyme, cleaned; 2 quarts of chicken stock; 1 cup of cream; 1 leek; 3 slices of julienne smoked salmon; 4 slices of rye bread | INSTRUCTIONS: Over medium heat, saute onions and garlic in a 1 gallon stock pot. Add diced potatoes and fresh thyme. Cover with stock and simmer until potatoes are soft. Puree with hand blender. Slice leek into thin circles and fold into potato soup and simmer until leeks are soft but still bright green. Finish soup with cream, and salt and pepper. Cut circles out of four slices of fresh rye bread. Brush with olive oil and toast. Garnish with smoked salmon. Pour potato leek soup evenly into four soup bowls and garnish with smoked salmon crouton and fresh parsley. <END>
INPUT: oil, butter, carrots, onions, celery
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chestnut Stuffing | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 ounces oil; 2 ounces butter; 1 cup diced carrots; 1 cup diced onions; 1 cup diced celery; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh marjoram; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh thyme; 2 quarts stale focaccia, cut into 1-inch cubes; 4 ounces chicken stock; 4 ounces cider; 1 pound roasted, peeled, and cleaned chestnuts cut into quarters; Salt and pepper, to taste | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 400 degrees. Add oil and butter to a hot casserole. Sweat carrots, onions, and celery and cook until soft, but without color. Remove from heat and add marjoram and thyme. In a bowl combine focaccia, vegetables, hot stock, cider, and chestnuts. Season with salt and pepper to taste. Mix well. Place in covered baking dish and bake for 30 minutes <END>
INPUT: soup, confetti, leeks, chicken wings, water, carrots, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Wild Mushroom Soup with Vegetable Confetti | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 medium leeks, ends trimmed; 4 pounds chicken wings, rinsed; 3 quarts plus 3 cups cold water; 2 carrots, cut into 1-inch pieces; 1 large onion, cut into 1-inch pieces; 6 fresh thyme sprigs; 12 whole black peppercorns; 2 bay leaves; 1/2 teaspoon saffron threads; 2 tablespoons vegetable oil; 6 tablespoons minced shallots; 2 tablespoons finely chopped garlic; 15 ounces assorted fresh wild mushrooms (such as crimini, chanterelle, oyster, morel and stemmed shiitake), sliced; 6 ounces white mushrooms, sliced; 1/8 teaspoon curry powder | INSTRUCTIONS: Cut off dark green tops from leeks and reserve for soup. Cut white and pale green sections lengthwise in half. Rinse any dirt from leeks with cold water. Cut halves into 1-inch pieces. Place in 8- to 10-quart pot. Add chicken wings. Add water, carrots, onion, thyme, peppercorns and bay leaves to pot. Bring to boil. Reduce heat to medium. Simmer 2 hours 15 minutes, occasionally skimming foam from surface. Strain stock through fine sieve into large bowl. Chill stock until fat hardens on surface, about 2 hours. Spoon off fat and discard. Measure stock. If necessary, simmer in large saucepan until <END>
INPUT: Italian, artichokes, cream, penne pasta, Olive oil, butter, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken and Artichokes in Lemon Cream Sauce over Penne | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 8 ounces dried penne pasta; Olive oil cooking spray; 1 tablespoon butter; 3 cloves garlic, minced; 16 ounces boneless, skinless, chicken breast, pounded thin and cut into strips; Salt and pepper; 1/4 cup vermouth, or any other dry white wine; 2 lemons, zested and juiced; 1/2 cup fat-free, low-sodium chicken broth; 1/4 cup all-purpose flour; 2 (14-ounce) cans evaporated skim milk; 1/2 cup grated Parmesan; 2 (14-ounce) cans artichoke hearts; 1 bunch fresh parsley leaves, chopped; 1 lemon, cut into wedges, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Boil the penne, drain, rinse, and set aside. To prevent the noodles from sticking, spray with olive oil cooking spray. In a large, nonstick skillet over medium heat, add the butter and also spray with olive oil cooking spray. Add the garlic. Season the chicken with salt and pepper, add to pan, and saute until chicken is cooked through. Remove chicken from the pan and set aside, covering with foil. Add the vermouth and the juice and zest from 2 lemons. Scrape the bottom of the pan to loosen any browned bits and cook over medium-high heat to reduce a bit before adding the broth, flour, and milk  <END>
INPUT: recipe, Caribbean Jerk seasoning, pepper, thyme
OUTPUT: TITLE: Caribbean Jerk Chicken Recipe | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon Caribbean Jerk seasoning; 1 tablespoon crushed red pepper; 1 tablespoon black pepper; 1 tablespoon white pepper; 1 tablespoon dried thyme; 1 tablespoon dried rosemary; 1 tablespoon salt; 1 tablespoon chives; 8 boneless chicken breasts, about 6 ounces each; Red wine (enough to dip chicken into); 4 servings basmati rice, cooked according to package directions; 1 tablespoon shallots; 1/2 cup white wine; 1 cup heavy cream; 2 sticks butter | INSTRUCTIONS: For the Caribbean Jerk Chicken: Preheat grill to medium-high heat and oven to 500 degrees F. Combine all dry ingredients in a bowl. Set aside. Rinse chicken with cold water and pat dry. Dip in red wine, then in dry seasonings. Place on preheated grill and cook for 5 to 8 minutes. Finish in the preheated oven for about another 10 minutes. For the butter sauce: Saute shallots until they begin to become translucent. Add the white wine and reduce by half. Add heavy cream and reduce again by half. Add butter, salt and pepper and cook until butter is completely melted. For the fried bananas: Dip ban <END>
INPUT: water, jasmine rice, salt, shelled peas, virgin olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Jasmine Rice with Green Onions, Peas, and Lemon | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 3/4 cups water; 1 1/4 cups jasmine rice, rinsed well, drained, or long-grain white rice; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/2 cup shelled fresh or frozen peas; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 6 green onions, thinly sliced; 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley; 1 tablespoon grated lemon peel | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine 1 3/4 cups water, rice, and salt in large saucepan. Bring to boil over high heat. Reduce heat to low; cover and cook until rice is tender, about 15 minutes. Remove from heat. Let stand covered 15 minutes. Fluff with fork. Cool. Cook peas in medium saucepan of boiling salted water 1 minute. Drain. Rinse under cold water. Drain. Heat oil in large nonstick skillet over medium-high heat. Add all but 2 tablespoons green onions; sauté 30 seconds. Add rice and sauté until heated through, stirring to break pieces, about 4 minutes. Add peas, lemon juice, parsley, and lemon peel. Sauté 2 minutes <END>
INPUT: Indian, salad, French lentils, carrots, bulb fennel, olive oil, Kosher salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lentil Salad with Roasted Carrots and Fennel | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups French lentils, rinsed, drained and picked through; 3 medium carrots, roughly chopped; 1 medium bulb fennel, fronds removed, roughly chopped; 2 teaspoons plus 1/4 cup olive oil; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1/4 cup fresh cilantro leaves; 4 scallions, roughly chopped; 3 tablespoons fresh parsley leaves; 2 tablespoons apple cider vinegar | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F and line a rimmed baking sheet with foil. Put the lentils in a medium saucepan and cover by two inches with cold water. Bring to a boil, reduce to a simmer and cook until tender, about 20 minutes. Drain well. Meanwhile, toss the carrots and fennel with 2 teaspoons of the oil and sprinkle with salt and pepper on the prepared baking sheet. Roast until tender and golden brown, about 25 minutes. Add the cilantro, scallions, parsley, vinegar, remaining 1/4 cup oil and some salt and pepper to a food processor and pulse until blended. Combine the lentils, roasted veg <END>
INPUT: arturo, assorted herbs, Salt pepper, fine quality virgin, wine
OUTPUT: TITLE: Salmon Arturo | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 (8 ounce) salmon fillet; 1/4 cup chopped assorted fresh herbs; Salt and pepper; 8 tablespoons fine quality extra-virgin olive oil, plus more, for garnish; 1/4 cup white wine; 1/4 cup chicken broth | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 425 degrees F. Place clean salmon fillet on an oven-proof pan. Spread fresh herbs on top of fillet and season with salt and pepper. Pour olive oil all over the fish, add white wine and chicken broth. Bake in oven until fish is cooked through, about 8 to 10 minutes. Remove salmon to a serving dish and reduce the sauce to desired consistency. Pour sauce over the fish and drizzle with olive oil. <END>
INPUT: slaw, virgin olive oil, lemon juice, honey, Kosher salt, cabbage
OUTPUT: TITLE: Snap Pea and Cabbage Slaw | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 3 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 1 teaspoon honey; Kosher salt, freshly ground pepper; 1/4 small red cabbage, thinly sliced; 8 ounces sugar snap peas, thinly sliced crosswise; 1/4 cup chopped fresh flat-leaf parsley; 1/4 cup chopped fresh mint or basil | INSTRUCTIONS: Whisk oil, lemon juice, and honey in a large bowl; season with salt and pepper. Add cabbage, snap peas, parsley, and mint and toss to combine. DO AHEAD: Vegetables can be cut and dressing can be made 8 hours ahead. Cover and chill separately. Toss vegetables and dressing together just before serving. Whisk oil, lemon juice, and honey in a large bowl; season with salt and pepper. Add cabbage, snap peas, parsley, and mint and toss to combine. DO AHEAD: Vegetables can be cut and dressing can be made 8 hours ahead. Cover and chill separately. Toss vegetables and dressing together just before servi <END>
INPUT: Indian, serrano chiles, curry leaves, garlic, ginger, vegetable oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Indian Shrimp Curry | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 6 to 8 fresh serrano chiles (2 ounces total); 20 fresh curry leaves; 5 garlic cloves, finely chopped; 1 tablespoon finely chopped peeled ginger; 2 tablespoons vegetable oil; 1 teaspoon whole mustard seeds; 1 teaspoon ground coriander; 1/2 teaspoon ground cumin; 1/4 teaspoon ground turmeric; 1 medium onion, chopped; 1 pound tomatoes, chopped; 2 1/2 ounces finely grated fresh or dried unsweetened coconut (1 cup; visit gourmet.com for how to extract meat from fresh coconut); 2 pounds large shrimp in shell, peeled and deveined; Accompaniment: white rice | INSTRUCTIONS: Quarter chiles lengthwise (seed and devein if you want less heat). Cook chiles, curry leaves, garlic, and ginger in oil in a 12-inch heavy skillet over medium-high heat, stirring, until very fragrant and chiles are just softened, 1 to 2 minutes. Reduce heat to medium and add spices, 1 teaspoon salt, and 1/2 teaspoon pepper. Cook, stirring, until mustard seeds just begin to pop, 1 to 2 minutes. Add onion and cook, stirring occasionally, until softened, about 4 minutes. Add tomatoes and coconut, then cook, covered, until tomatoes are softened, 4 to 6 minutes. Add shrimp and cook, uncovered, stir <END>
INPUT: Italian, pesto, covered, basil leaves, parsley leaves, macadamia nuts, pepper flakes, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pesto Mayonnaise Covered Opakapaka Fish | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 3 cups fresh basil leaves; 1 cup parsley leaves; 1 cup chopped macadamia nuts; 1 teaspoon red pepper flakes; 2 garlic cloves, chopped; 1/2 cup mayonnaise; 4 (8-ounce) Opakapaka fish fillets; Salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat a grill. In a food processor, combine the basil, parsley, macadamia nuts, red pepper flakes, and garlic, and blend until well mixed. Once the pesto is ready, add the mayonnaise and mix well. Spread the pesto mayonnaise on the flesh side of each fish fillet and place, pesto-side down, on the grill. Grill for approximately 3 to 5 minutes, turn and grill until fish is just opaque and cooked through. Season with salt and pepper. Serve on top of rice or favorite salad greens. <END>
INPUT: American, balls, hot sausage, Bisquick, sharp cheddar cheese
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sausage-Cheese Balls | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 lb. lean hot sausage; 3 cups Bisquick; 12 oz. sharp cheddar cheese, grated | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 375°F. With your hands, knead all the ingredients together in a bowl. (This may take awhile to fully moisten the Bisquick and the cheese. Be sure to take your rings off!) Form mixture into 1-inch balls (or smaller, if you prefer) and place on a baking pan. Bake for 15 minutes. Preheat oven to 375°F. With your hands, knead all the ingredients together in a bowl. (This may take awhile to fully moisten the Bisquick and the cheese. Be sure to take your rings off!) Form mixture into 1-inch balls (or smaller, if you prefer) and place on a baking pan. Bake for 15 minutes. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, slaw, jicama, scallions, carrots, bell pepper, cabbage
OUTPUT: TITLE: Jicama Slaw | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 small jicama, peeled and sliced into thin strips; 4 scallions, cut into 3 pieces and then sliced lengthwise into thin strips; 2 carrots, peeled and sliced into thin strips; 1 red bell pepper, seeded and thinly sliced; 1/4 head red cabbage, cored and thinly sliced; Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper; 1/3 cup rice vinegar; 1/4 cup lime juice; 1 tablespoon minced fresh cilantro, plus more for garnish, optional; 1 tablespoon honey; 1/2 teaspoon chili powder; 1/4 teaspoon ground cumin; 1/3 cup extra-virgin olive oil | INSTRUCTIONS: For the slaw: Toss the jicama with the scallions, carrots, bell pepper and cabbage. Season with salt and pepper. For the dressing: In a small mixing bowl, whisk the vinegar, lime juice, cilantro, honey, chili powder and cumin. Slowly whisk in the olive oil until the dressing is emulsified. Toss the dressing with the slaw and garnish with additional cilantro before serving, if desired. Allow the slaw to chill for at least 30 minutes to allow the flavors to develop, or chill up to 2 days in the refrigerator. <END>
INPUT: soup, virgin olive oil, peppers, leeks, garlic, kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Yellow Pepper Soup | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil; 2 large yellow peppers, stemmed, seeded, and cut into large chunks; 2 large leeks, (white part only), halved lengthwise, sliced crosswise, well rinsed; 1 garlic clove, smashed; 1 tablespoon kosher salt, plus extra for seasoning; 1/4 teaspoon ground turmeric; 3 sprigs fresh flat-leaf parsley; 3 sprigs fresh thyme; 1 bay leaf; 2 medium russet potatoes, (about 1 pound) peeled, cut into chunks; 4 cups water; 1 tablespoon dry white vermouth; Freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat the olive oil in a large saucepan over medium-low heat. Add the peppers, leek, garlic, salt and turmeric, and cook, stirring occasionally, until the vegetables begin to soften, about 10 minutes. Tie the parsley, thyme, and bay leaf together with kitchen twine. Add the potato, water, and herb bundle and bring to a boil, reduce the heat, and simmer, uncovered, until the potato is very tender, about 20 minutes. Discard the herb bundle. Puree the soup in small batches in a blender (keep the lid cracked to allow steam to escape), or in the pot with an immersion blender, until smooth. Return to <END>
INPUT: Italian, limone, meatballs, chia seeds, purified water, chicken, rolled, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Linguine Al Limone with Grilled Chia-Chicken Meatballs | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup white chia seeds; 1/2 cup purified water; 1 pound ground chicken; 3/4 cup rolled (old-fashioned) oats; 1/3 cup coarsely grated or minced red onion; 1/3 cup plus 1/4 cup grated Parmigiano-Reggiano cheese; 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1/4 cup finely chopped fresh flat-leaf parsley; 1 teaspoon finely chopped fresh oregano, or 1/2 teaspoon dried oregano; 2 cloves garlic, peeled and minced; 1 1/2 teaspoons sea salt; 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 1/2 teaspoon red pepper flakes; 12 ounces whole grain linguine; 1/3 cup half-and-half | INSTRUCTIONS: In a liquid measuring cup or small bowl, whisk together the chia seeds and water and let stand for about 20 minutes. (Makes 3/4 cup extra-thick chia gel.) Prepare an indoor or outdoor grill, or preheat the oven to 475°F. In a large bowl, use your hands to evenly combine the chia gel, ground chicken, oats, onion, 1/4 cup of the cheese, 2 tablespoons of the olive oil, the parsley, oregano, garlic, 1 teaspoon of the salt, 1/2 teaspoon of the black pepper, and the red pepper flakes. When evenly combined, firmly form mixture into 20 meatballs (about 3 tablespoons each). Grill over medium heat until <END>
INPUT: American, meatloaf, meatballs, onions, garlic, thyme, Italian parsley, basil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Kobe Beef Meatloaf and Meatballs | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 pounds yellow onions, peeled and finely diced; 4 ounces garlic, minced; 2 ounces thyme, leaves chopped; 2 ounces Italian parsley, leaves chopped; 2 ounces basil, leaves chopped; 2 ounces sage, leaves chopped; 2 ounces rosemary, leaves chopped; 3 ounces kosher salt; 1 -ounce freshly ground black pepper; 8 ounces eggs; 4 ounces Dijon mustard; 16 ounces vitamin D milk; 8 ounces tomato paste; 3 pounds panko bread crumbs; 10 pounds Kobe beef | INSTRUCTIONS: Add the onions, garlic, herbs and salt and pepper to a small saucepan over medium heat and cook until the mixture is soft and aromatic. Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. In a large bowl add the eggs, mustard, milk and tomato paste. Stir in the bread crumbs mix well. Add the sauteed aromatics, and the beef and combine well. Form the mixture into 9-ounce football shapes and arrange on a parchment lined sheet pan. Wrap each meat loaf with strip of applewood bacon and liberally coat each loaf with ketchup. Bake for 15 to 17 minutes... do not let burn! They are ready when the internal temperature  <END>
INPUT: donut, holes, orange, sugar, cinnamon, container, Vegetable oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Orange Sugar Fried Donut Holes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 orange, zested; 2 cups sugar; 1/4 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1 container (8 large) store-bought buttermilk biscuit dough; Vegetable oil, for frying | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Place zest, sugar and cinnamon in a paper bag and shake to combine. Place oil in a deep pan until it comes about halfway up the side of the pan. Heat oil to 350 degrees F. Slice biscuit dough in quarters and roll into balls to form 24 donut holes. Working in batches, place donut holes in hot oil and fry until golden, about 6 to 8 minutes. Transfer the hot donuts to the paper bag and shake to coat with orange sugar. Serve immediately. <END>
INPUT: American, meatloaf, muffins, sirloin, onion, celery from heart, bell pepper, egg milk
OUTPUT: TITLE: Meatloaf Muffins with Barbecue Sauce | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 2/3 to 1 3/4 pounds ground sirloin; 1 medium onion, cut into chunks; 2 ribs celery from the heart of the stalk, cut into 2-inch pieces; 1 green bell pepper; 1 large egg plus a splash of milk, beaten; 1 cup plain bread crumbs; 2 tablespoons grill seasoning (recommended: Montreal Steak Seasoning by McCormick); 1 cup smoky barbecue sauce; 1/2 cup tomato salsa; 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce; Vegetable oil or extra-virgin olive oil; Micro-way-cool Bacon and Green Beans, recipe follows; Smashed potatoes and cream cheese, recipe follows; 6 slices microwave ready-crisp bacon; One 16-ounce bag frozen green beans | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat oven to 450 degrees F. Put ground beef into a big bowl. Put onion and celery into a food processor. Cut the bell pepper in half, rip out the seeds and throw them into your garbage bowl. Cut the pepper into a few pieces and add to the food processor. Pulse the processor blades to finely chop the vegetables into very small pieces then add them to the meat bowl. Add egg, beaten with milk, bread crumbs and grill seasoning to the bowl. Next, mix together the smoky barbecue sauce, the salsa and the Worcestershire sauce. Pour half the sauce mixture into the bowl <END>
INPUT: Italian, cheesecake, ricotta cheese, sugar, eggs, all purpose flour, orange zest
OUTPUT: TITLE: Ricotta Cheesecake | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 2 pounds ricotta cheese; 2/3 cup sugar; 6 large eggs; 1/4 cup plus 1 tablespoon all-purpose flour; 1 tablespoon orange zest; 1 teaspoon orange-flavored liqueur, such as Grand Mariner; 1 teaspoon vanilla pulp; 1/8 teaspoon salt; Pinch ground cinnamon | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 300 degrees F. In a large bowl, blend the ricotta until smooth. Then whisk in the sugar and flour. Next, whisk in the eggs one at a time. Then finish with the orange zest, liqueur, vanilla, salt and cinnamon. Once mixed, pour the batter into a sugared springform pan bake until set and golden brown, 1 hour 15 minutes. Remove and allow to cool for 30 minutes before refrigerating. Portion into 9 to 16 slices. <END>
INPUT: tabouleh, grain bulgur wheat, Water cover, chives
OUTPUT: TITLE: Parsley and Tabouleh | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup medium grain bulgur wheat; Water to cover; 4 cups (packed) fresh parsley; 1 cup (packed) fresh mint leaves; 1 to 2 bunches fresh chives; Grated lemon zest and juice of 1 lemon (or more to taste); 1/3 cup (or more to taste) extra virgin olive oil; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 vineripened tomatoes, seeded and cut into 1/2-inch dice | INSTRUCTIONS: Cover bulgur wheat with cold water, by an inch, and soak for 30 minutes. During this time, in a food processor mince the parsley (you need 2 cups chopped) and mint (you need 1/2 cup chopped) and cut the chives (you need 1/2 cup snipped). When the bulgur is plumped up, drain and transfer it to a clean cloth or a double layer of cheesecloth. Wring out excess water; the grains should be moist and tender, not watery. Transfer the bulgur wheat to a bowl and add the chopped parsley, mint and chives. Stir in the lemon zest, juice and olive oil. Toss well to combine and season to taste with salt and p <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, breakfast, wraps, kale leaves, virgin olive oil, grape tomatoes, thyme, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Egg and Kale Breakfast Wraps | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 6 small kale leaves; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1 1/4 cups grape tomatoes, halved; 1 teaspoon chopped fresh thyme; 2 cloves garlic, chopped; 1 large shallot, chopped; 1/8 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, optional; 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt; 1/4 cup chopped fresh basil; Four 10-inch whole wheat tortillas; 1/4 cup store-bought plain hummus; 1 teaspoon fresh lemon juice (from 1/2 small lemon); 4 large eggs, chilled | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Cut away and discard the stem from the center of each kale leaf. Coarsely chop the kale into 1-inch pieces. It will look like you have a lot of kale, but it will cook down considerably. Heat the oil in a large nonstick skillet over medium heat. Add the tomatoes, thyme, garlic, shallots and red pepper flakes, if using. Saute until the tomatoes and shallots soften, about 4 minutes. Add the kale and sprinkle with the salt. Toss with 2 wooden spoons until the kale wilts but is still bright green, about 2 minutes. Stir in the basil. Remove from the heat. Fill a wide s <END>
INPUT: foil, pure olive oil, unsalted butter, onions, Kosher salt pepper, potatoes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fish in Foil with Sweet Onions, Tomatoes, and Mojo Verde | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons pure olive oil; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 2 medium red onions, sliced; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper to taste; 1 pound medium red potatoes, scrubbed and cut into 1/4-inch-thick slices; One 4-pound snapper, gutted, scaled, and pectoral gill cut out (but tail left on; ask your fishmonger to do this); 1/4 cup Mojo Verde , plus extra for serving if desired; 1 pound ripe tomatoes, sliced; 1/4 cup dry white wine; Lemon wedges for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees. In a large sauté pan, heat 1 tablespoon of the olive oil and the butter over medium-high heat. When the butter foams, add the onions, stirring to coat, and season with salt and pepper. Cook for 8 to 12 minutes, stirring occasionally, until golden. Let cool. Stack two pieces of aluminum foil that are large enough to wrap the fish in on top of one another. Fold up the sides of the foil so that it resembles a little boat. Pour the remaining 2 tablespoons olive oil into the boat and spread it over the bottom. Lay the potatoes in the boat in one layer, and season wi <END>
INPUT: Mexican, slow, cooker, beans, andouille sausage, celery, smoked ham shank, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Slow Cooker Red Beans and Rice | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound dried red beans; 1/2 pound andouille sausage, chopped; 3 ribs celery, chopped; 1 smoked ham shank; 1 medium onion, chopped; 1 large green bell pepper, chopped; 1 tablespoon chili powder; 1 teaspoon ground cumin; 1 teaspoon garlic powder; 1/2 teaspoon cayenne; 1/2 teaspoon onion powder; 1/2 teaspoon paprika; 1/2 teaspoon brown sugar; Kosher salt; 4 cups chicken stock | INSTRUCTIONS: In a slow cooker, combine the beans, andouille, celery, ham shank, onions, bell peppers, chili powder, cumin, garlic powder, cayenne, onion powder, paprika, brown sugar and 2 teaspoons salt. Add the chicken stock and 2 cups water and stir to mix. Cook on the high setting until the beans are tender, 6 to 8 hours. Season with salt. Serve with rice, topped with scallions. <END>
INPUT: wild, porcini powder, Kosher salt pepper, virgin olive oil, assorted mushrooms
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sautéed Chicken with Wild Mushrooms | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 8 ounces skinless, boneless chicken breast, cut into strips; 1 teaspoon porcini powder; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, divided; 1/2 cup assorted sliced mushrooms (such as crimini and oyster); 1/4 cup drained canned white beans; 1 garlic clove, minced; Pinch of minced fresh rosemary; 1/2 cup low-salt chicken broth; 1 tablespoon Marsala; 2 tablespoons truffle butter; 1 tablespoon unsalted butter; Orzo or steamed rice; Ingredient info:Porcini powder and truffle butter can be found at specialty foods stores and online at fungusamongus.com. Porcini powder can also be m | INSTRUCTIONS: Season chicken with porcini powder, salt, and pepper. Heat 1 tablespoon oil in a medium nonstick skillet over medium heat. Sauté chicken until golden and almost cooked through, about 3 minutes. Transfer to a plate. Heat remaining 1 tablespoon oil in same skillet; add mushrooms, beans, garlic, and rosemary and cook, stirring frequently, until mushrooms are golden brown. Stir in chicken broth, Marsala, and chicken strips; simmer until reduced by half, 3-4 minutes. Stir in truffle butter and unsalted butter. Serve chicken and sauce over orzo or steamed rice. Season chicken with porcini powder, sa <END>
INPUT: salad, wine vinegar, Dijon mustard, salt, sugar, mild olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cucumber, Mustard, and Dill Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 teaspoons white-wine vinegar; 2 teaspoons Dijon mustard; 1/2 teaspoon salt, or to taste; 1 1/2 teaspoons sugar; 1 tablespoon mild olive oil; 1 large seedless cucumber (usually plastic-wrapped; 1 lb), peeled; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh dill | INSTRUCTIONS: Whisk together vinegar, mustard, salt, and sugar in a bowl, then add oil in a slow stream, whisking. Halve cucumber lengthwise and remove seeds with a small spoon, then cut halves crosswise into 1/8-inch-thick slices. Add cucumber and dill to vinaigrette, tossing to coat. Whisk together vinegar, mustard, salt, and sugar in a bowl, then add oil in a slow stream, whisking. Halve cucumber lengthwise and remove seeds with a small spoon, then cut halves crosswise into 1/8-inch-thick slices. Add cucumber and dill to vinaigrette, tossing to coat. <END>
INPUT: cornbread, cornmeal, all purpose flour, sugar, baking powder
OUTPUT: TITLE: Hominy-Jalapeno Cornbread | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Cooking spray; 1 1/2 cups yellow cornmeal; 1/4 cup all-purpose flour; 2 tablespoons sugar; 1 teaspoon baking powder; 1/2 teaspoon baking soda; Kosher salt; 1 egg; 1 cup milk; 1 cup sour cream or plain Greek yogurt; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted; 1/2 cup canned hominy, drained; 1/2 cup pickled or roasted peppers, drained and chopped; 1/2 cup walnuts, chopped; 1 jalapeno pepper, minced | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Coat a 9-inch-square baking dish or a 9-inch cast-iron skillet with cooking spray. Whisk the cornmeal, flour, sugar, baking powder, baking soda and 1/4 teaspoon salt in a large bowl. In a separate bowl, whisk the egg, milk, sour cream and melted butter; whisk into the dry ingredients until combined. Fold in the hominy, pickled peppers, walnuts and jalapeno. Pour the batter into the prepared dish or skillet. Bake until the cornbread springs back when pressed in the center, 25 to 35 minutes. Let cool 15 minutes in the dish, then loosen the edges and slice. <END>
INPUT: American, packages mushrooms, bacon, celery, carrot, scallions
OUTPUT: TITLE: Buffalo Stuffed Mushrooms | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 3 10-ounce packages white mushrooms; 4 slices bacon, finely chopped; 1 stalk celery, finely chopped; 1 carrot, finely chopped; 2 scallions, chopped; 1 teaspoon chopped fresh thyme; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1 1/2 cups panko breadcrumbs; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley; 2 tablespoons grated parmesan cheese; 1/4 cup Buffalo hot sauce; 1/3 cup crumbled blue cheese (about 1 1/2 ounces) | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Remove the stems from the mushrooms and coarsely chop; set aside. Cook the bacon in a large skillet over medium heat, stirring occasionally, until slightly crisp, about 6 minutes. Add the chopped mushroom stems, celery, carrot, scallions and thyme and cook, stirring occasionally, until the vegetables soften, about 2 minutes. Add the butter and let melt, then add the panko, parsley and parmesan; continue to cook, stirring, until the panko is slightly golden, about 2 minutes. Stir in the hot sauce until combined. Remove from the heat and let cool slightly. Arra <END>
INPUT: Mexican, curried, butter, shrimp, onion, salt, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Curried Shrimp with Coconut Milk | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons butter; 1 1/2 pounds large raw shrimp, shelled and deveined; 1 yellow onion, chopped; 2 teaspoon salt; 1 teaspoon freshly ground pepper; 1 tablespoons Madras curry powder; 2 cloves garlic, minced or pureed; 3-inch piece of ginger, grated (2 tablespoons); 1 red pepper, cut into julienne; 1 chayote squash (christophine), diced; One 13-ounce can coconut milk; 1 bunch scallions, cut into 1-inch lengths; 1/2 bunch fresh cilantro, leaves only; Juice of 1/2 lime, freshly squeezed | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat large skillet over medium heat, then add 1 tablespoon butter. When foam subsides, add shrimp and cook until they just turn pink. Remove from pan and reserve. Add remaining 1 tablespoon butter to pan. When it melts, add onions and stir; cook 5 minutes until softened. Sprinkle 1 teaspoon salt, 1/2 teaspoon pepper, curry powder, garlic and ginger over the onions, reduce heat to low, and cook gently 5 minutes until onions are softened and translucent. Add red pepper and chayote and cook 5 minutes. Add about 2/3 of the coconut milk and simmer, uncovered, 10 minutes to bring flavors together. A <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, sausage, patties, lamb shoulder, garlic, coarse kosher salt, crumbled feta cheese, mint
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lamb Sausage Patties with Fresh Mint, Feta, and Garlic | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 pounds ground lamb shoulder; 2 large garlic cloves, pressed; 1 1/2 teaspoons coarse kosher salt; 1/3 cup crumbled feta cheese; 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh mint; 1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Place lamb in large bowl. Sprinkle garlic and salt over. Gently toss lamb to blend. Combine feta and mint in small bowl. Divide lamb into 12 equal mounds. Using damp hands, shape each into ball. Working with 1 ball at a time, poke thumb into center to make hole. Press 1 teaspoon feta-mint filling into hole. Pinch hole closed, then press ball between palms to flatten into 3/4-inch-thick disk. Repeat with remaining lamb and feta-mint filling. DO AHEAD: Can be made 1 day ahead. Transfer to baking sheet. Cover and refrigerate. Preheat oven to 250°F. Heat olive oil in heavy large skillet over mediu <END>
INPUT: Italian, encrusted, eggs, nacho cheese corn, mozzarella
OUTPUT: TITLE: Nacho Cheese Corn Chip-Encrusted Mozzarella Sticks | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 2 large eggs; 4 ounces nacho cheese corn chips; One 8-ounce box frozen mozzarella sticks | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Beat the eggs in a medium bowl. Crush the corn chips in a food processor or ziptop bag until there are fine crumbs and some pea-size pieces. Transfer the crumbs to a shallow dish. Dip the mozzarella sticks into the egg, then let the excess drip off. Roll in the corn chip crumbs until fully coated. Transfer to a baking sheet. Bake until the mozzarella sticks are completely cooked through and the crust is browned slightly, 10 to 12 minutes. <END>
INPUT: deep, sifted flour, salt, water, baking powder, Mars other caramel
OUTPUT: TITLE: Deep Fried Mars Bars | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup sifted flour; 1 teaspoon salt; 3/4 cup cold water; 1/4 teaspoon baking powder; 4 Mars or other caramel covered candy bars; Shortening or oil for frying | INSTRUCTIONS: Mix flour, salt, and water until smooth, cover, and let stand at room temperature 20 to 30 minutes. Stir baking powder into batter. Place shortening or oil in a deep fat fryer, insert thermometer, and begin heating over high heat. Dip candy bars into batter, allowing excess to drain off. Fry in 375 degree fat until golden and crisp. Drain on paper toweling. <END>
INPUT: bread, apple cider, pumpkin purée, eggs, vegetable oil, firmly light sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pumpkin Cider Bread | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup apple cider; 1 cup canned pumpkin purée; 2 large eggs; 1/4 cup vegetable oil; 3/4 cup firmly packed light brown sugar; 2 tablespoons freshly grated orange zest; 2 cups all-purpose flour; 2 teaspoons double-acting baking powder; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/4 teaspoon baking soda; 1/4 teaspoon ground mace; 1/4 teaspoon cinnamon; 1/8 teaspoon ground cloves; 1/2 cup chopped walnuts | INSTRUCTIONS: In a saucepan boil the cider until it is reduced to about 1/4 cup and let it cool. In a bowl whisk together well the pumpkin purée, the eggs, the oil, the brown sugar, the zest, and the reduced cider. Into the bowl sift together the flour, the baking powder, the salt, the baking soda, the mace, the cinnamon, and the cloves, add the walnuts, and stir the batter until it is just combined. Transfer the batter to a well-buttered 8 1/2-by 4 1/2-inch loaf pan and bake the bread in the middle of a preheated 350°F. oven for 1 hour, or until a tester comes out clean. Let the bread cool in the pan. In a <END>
INPUT: American, festive, squares, Crisco® Original No, Pillsbury BEST® All, oats, firmly sugar, butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Festive Cranberry Cream Cheese Squares | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: Crisco® Original No-Stick Cooking Spray; 2 cups Pillsbury BEST® All Purpose Flour; 1 1/2 cups oats; 3/4 cup firmly packed brown sugar, plus 1 tablespoon, divided; 1 cup butter, softened; 1 (8 oz.) pkg. cream cheese, softened; 1 (14 oz.) can Eagle Brand® Sweetened Condensed Milk; 2 large eggs; 1 (27 oz.) jar None Such® Ready to Use Mincemeat; 2 tbsps. cornstarch; 1 (16 oz.) can whole berry cranberry sauce | INSTRUCTIONS: HEAT oven to 350 degrees F. Spray 15 x 10-inch jellyroll pan with no-stick cooking spray. BEAT flour, oats, 3/4 cup brown sugar and butter in large bowl until mixture resembles coarse crumbs. Reserve 1 1/2 cups crumb mixture; press remaining mixture into bottom of prepared pan. BAKE 15 minutes or until lightly browned. BEAT cream cheese in medium bowl until fluffy. Gradually beat in sweetened condensed milk until smooth; beat in eggs. Spread over partially baked crust: top with mincemeat. COMBINE remaining 1 tablespoon brown sugar and cornstarch in small bowl; stir in cranberry sauce. Spoon ov <END>
INPUT: American, virgin olive oil, Worcestershire sauce, kosher salt, pepper, garlic powder
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Portobello, Blue Cheese and Caramelized Onion Hoagie | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce; 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt; 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 1/4 teaspoon garlic powder; Juice of 1/2 lemon; 4 portobello mushrooms, sliced 1/4 inch thick; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 2 yellow onions, halved and thinly sliced; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; Blue Cheese Spread:; 4 ounces blue cheese, crumbled; 1/3 cup mayonnaise; 4 hoagie rolls (I like Martin's), split; 1 cup arugula | INSTRUCTIONS: For the mushrooms: In a large bowl or a ziptop bag, whisk the olive oil, Worcestershire sauce, salt, pepper, garlic powder and lemon juice. Add the mushrooms and toss to combine. Marinate for 30 minutes to 1 hour. For the onions: While the mushrooms marinate, make the onions. In a large skillet over medium high, heat the olive oil. Add the onions and saute until beginning to get tender, about 5 minutes. Season with salt and pepper. Reduce the heat to low. Cook, stirring occasionally, until the onions become a deep brown caramelized color, about 20 minutes. If they start to look dry or stick to <END>
INPUT: Asian, sour, wine vinegar, rice wine vinegar, soy sauce, pineapple juice, granulated sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sweet and Sour Chicken | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup red wine vinegar; 1/2 cup rice wine vinegar; 1/4 cup soy sauce; 1 cup pineapple juice; 1 cup granulated sugar; 2 jalapeno chiles, coarsely chopped; 2-inch piece fresh ginger, peeled and chopped; 1/2 red bell pepper, finely diced; 1/2 yellow bell pepper, finely diced; Canola oil; 1/4 pound steamed snow peas; 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh mint leaves; 3 tablespoons finely chopped fresh cilantro leaves, plus more for garnish; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 4 boneless chicken breasts, 8-ounces each | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat the grill to high. Place the vinegars, soy sauce, pineapple juice, sugar, jalapeno and ginger in a medium saucepan and cook over high heat until reduced by half, stirring occasionally. If the sauce becomes too thick, thin with a little bit of water. Strain the sauce through a strainer into a bowl. Briefly saute the red and yellow pepper in canola oil and then stir in the sauce along with the snow peas, mint and cilantro and season with salt and pepper. Brush the chicken on both sides with the oil and season with salt and pepper. Grill until golden brown on both sides and just cooked throu <END>
INPUT: pork chops, lemon pepper seasoning, butter margarine, milk
OUTPUT: TITLE: Creamy Mustard Pork Chops | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 boneless pork chops, 3/4" thick; 1 1/2 tsp. lemon pepper seasoning; 1 tbsp. butter OR margarine; 1 can (10 3/4 oz.) Campbell's® Condensed Cream of Mushroom Soup (Regular or 98% Fat Free); 1/2 cup milk; 1 tbsp. Dijon-style mustard; 1 tbsp. chopped fresh parsley | INSTRUCTIONS: SPRINKLE chops with lemon pepper seasoning. Heat butter in skillet. Cook chops 10 min. or until browned. ADD soup, milk and mustard. Heat to a boil. Cover and cook over low heat 10 min. or until chops are done. Sprinkle with parsley. <END>
INPUT: good unsalted butter, honey, kosher salt, bird's eye chiles, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spicy Honey Butter | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 sticks good unsalted butter, at room temperature; 2 tablespoons honey; 1 teaspoon kosher salt; 2 bird's eye chiles, seeded and diced very small; 1 clove garlic, grated on a rasp grater | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Whisk together the butter, honey, salt, chiles and garlic in a bowl. Using plastic wrap, form into a log and store in the freezer. <END>
INPUT: Asian, miso paste, Half packet dashi, kombu, cod fillets, baby bok choy
OUTPUT: TITLE: Miso-Poached Black Cod with Baby Bok Choy | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons white miso paste; Half 2.11-ounce packet instant dashi; 2 sheets kombu; 1 1/2 pounds black cod fillets, boned; 1 pound baby bok choy; 8 ounces crimini mushrooms; 8 ounces shiitake mushrooms; 8 ounces beech mushrooms; 8 ounces honshimeji mushrooms; Oil, for drizzling; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 bunches fresh cilantro; 1 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 1 cup sugar; 1 cup vinegar | INSTRUCTIONS: For the black cod: Combine the miso paste, dashi and kombu with 1 gallon of water in a stockpot and bring to a simmer. Cook, 5 minutes, then remove the kombu. Transfer some of the broth to a shallow pan and add the cod. Cook, keeping the heat at a very low simmer, covered, until cooked through, about 7 minutes. For the vegetables: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Fill a large bowl with ice water and set aside. Bring a large pot of heavily salted water to a boil, then add the bok choy and cook, 30 seconds. Transfer the bok choy to the ice bath. Set aside. Slice the crimini and shiitake mushro <END>
INPUT: chip, half half, heavy cream, egg yolks, sugar, peppermint oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mint Chip Ice Cream | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 cups half-and-half; 1 cup heavy cream; 8 large egg yolks; 9 ounces sugar; 1 teaspoon peppermint oil; 3 ounces chocolate-mint candies, coarsely chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: Place the half-and-half and the heavy cream into a medium saucepan, over medium heat. Bring the mixture just to a simmer, stirring occasionally, and remove from the heat. In a medium mixing bowl whisk the egg yolks until they lighten in color. Gradually add the sugar and whisk to combine. Temper the cream mixture into the eggs and sugar by gradually adding small amounts, until about 1/3 of the cream mixture has been added. Pour in the remainder and return the entire mixture to the saucepan and place over low heat. Continue to cook, stirring frequently, until the mixture thickens slightly and c <END>
INPUT: soup, Great Northern beans, low sodium chicken, bacon, carrots, celery
OUTPUT: TITLE: Bean with Bacon Soup | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound Great Northern white beans; 4 cups low-sodium chicken stock; 1 pound thick-cut bacon, cut into 1-inch pieces; 2 large carrots, chopped; 2 stalks celery, chopped; 1 onion, chopped; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 tablespoons tomato paste; 4 cloves garlic, chopped; 2 bay leaves; 2 Roma tomatoes, diced; Chopped fresh parsley, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Pick through the beans, then rinse and drain them. Put them in a large pot and cover with water by 2 inches. Let soak overnight. Drain the beans and return them to the pot. Add the chicken stock and 4 cups of water. Bring to a boil and reduce to a simmer. While the beans are simmering, cook the bacon in a large skillet over medium heat until crisp, 8 to 10 minutes. Remove to a paper towel-lined plate to drain. Add half the bacon to the beans, reserving the rest for garnish. Remove all but 2 tablespoons of the bacon grease from the skillet and add the carrots, cel <END>
INPUT: Italian, meatballs, spaghetti, olive oil, onion, garlic, tomato paste
OUTPUT: TITLE: Turkey Meatballs with Quick And Spicy Tomato Sauce and Whole-Wheat Spaghetti | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon olive oil; 1 medium onion, chopped; 4 cloves garlic, minced; 3 tablespoons tomato paste; 1 (28-ounce) can crushed fire roasted tomatoes, liquid included; 1 teaspoon finely minced canned chipotle en adobo and sauce, or more to taste; 2 teaspoons finely chopped oregano leaves; 1 sprig fresh rosemary; Salt; 1/4 cup torn fresh basil leaves; Cooking spray; 1 pound ground turkey meat; 1 slice fresh whole-wheat bread, crusts removed, pulsed into crumbs; 1/4 cup grated Parmesan, plus more for serving; 1/2 cup finely grated carrot | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Fill a large stockpot with water and bring to a boil for pasta.; Make Sauce: In a 4-quart saucepan heat the oil over medium heat. Saute the onions until translucent, about 3 minutes, then add the garlic and cook for 1 minute more. Add tomato paste, tomatoes, chipotles, oregano, rosemary, and salt. Bring all the ingredients to a low boil, reduce heat and cook for approximately 15 minutes, until liquid has evaporated slightly. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. While sauce is cooking, make meatballs. Preheat the broiler. Spray a baking sheet with cooking spray. <END>
INPUT: Italian, gratin, coarse bulgur, assorted greens kale, garlic, olive oil, Parmesan
OUTPUT: TITLE: Greens and Bulgur Gratin | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup coarse bulgur*; 2 pounds assorted greens such as kale, collard, escarole, spinach,Swiss chard, and/or mustard greens; 6 large garlic cloves, minced; 3 tablespoons olive oil; 1/4 cup freshly grated Parmesan (about 1 ounce); 6 ounces chilled whole-milk or part-skim mozzarella, grated coarse; 1/2 cup fine fresh bread crumbs; 1 tablespoon olive oil; *available at natural foods stores and specialty foods shops | INSTRUCTIONS: In a heatproof bowl pour enough boiling water over bulgur to cover by 1 inch. Cover bowl with a plate to trap steam and let stand 20 minutes. Drain bulgur in a large fine sieve, pressing out excess liquid, and transfer to a bowl. Keeping each variety of green separate, tear greens into bite-size pieces, discarding stems. Still keeping greens separate, wash thoroughly by dunking in a sinkful of water and transfer to a colander to drain. Put coarser greens (kale or collard) in a 4 1/2- to 5-quart kettle and steam in water clinging to leaves, covered, over moderate heat, stirring occasionally, un <END>
INPUT: thyme, fleur de sel, piment d’Espelette, virgin olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Thyme-Toasted Almonds | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon fresh or dried thyme, leaves only; 2 teaspoons fleur de sel; 1/2 teaspoon piment d’Espelette; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 8 ounces whole, unblanched almonds | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. Heat the oven to 400°F. In a large, shallow bowl, combine thyme, salt, and oil. Set aside. 2. Place the almonds in a single layer on a baking sheet. Place the baking sheet in the center of the oven and toast until the nuts are lightly browned, fragrant, and making crackling sounds, about 8 minutes. 3. Remove the baking sheet from the oven. Immediately add the hot nuts to the thyme mixture. Stir for at least 1 minute to coat the almonds evenly and thoroughly. Taste and adjust for seasoning. Serve warm or at room temperature. The almonds can be stored, well-sealed, for up to two weeks. To ref <END>
INPUT: compote, port wine, sugar, mixed fruit, cranberries, Low fat vanilla
OUTPUT: TITLE: Dried Fruit Compote | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cups port wine; 1/4 cup sugar; 1 cup mixed dried fruit; 1/2 cup dried cranberries; Low-fat vanilla frozen yogurt, desired amount; Toasted slivered almonds, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: In a small saucepan, simmer together port wine and sugar over medium-high heat until the sugar has dissolved. Add dried fruit and dried cranberries. Bring mixture to a boil and reduce to a simmer for 5 minutes. Set aside to cool. Serve over frozen yogurt and garnish with toasted slivered almonds. <END>
INPUT: Indian, fish fillets, pepper, turmeric, salt, lemon juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fish with Mustard Seeds | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 2 pounds fish fillets (cod, halibut); 1/4 teaspoon ground red pepper (cayenne); 1/4 teaspoon ground turmeric; 1 teaspoon salt; 2 teaspoons fresh lemon juice; 1 tablespoon vegetable oil plus 2 tablespoons, to fry; 1 cup finely chopped onion; 2 teaspoons minced garlic; 1 teaspoon mustard seeds, coarsely ground with a mortar and pestle; 1 cup chopped fresh tomatoes; 1 teaspoon ground coriander; 1 teaspoon ground cumin; 1/4 teaspoon ground turmeric; 1/4 teaspoon ground red pepper (cayenne); 1/8 teaspoon cinnamon | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Cut fish into strips 2 inches wide. Rub on all sides with mixture of red pepper, turmeric, 1 teaspoon salt, and lemon juice. In a nonstick frying pan heat 1 tablespoon oil over medium heat and lightly brown the fish in 2 batches if necessary, placing skin side down and turning after 1 or 2 minutes. Remove fish from pan and set aside. In the same pan wiped clean, over medium heat, fry onion in 2 tablespoons oil until light brown. Add garlic and mustard seeds and stir for 1 minute. Add tomatoes and spice mixture and fry until tomatoes become very soft and break up. <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, sorbetto, sugar, salt, basil leaves, egg, lemon juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Olive Oil Sorbetto with Berries and Balsamic | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup sugar; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 10 fresh basil leaves; 1 egg white; 3 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 2 cups mixed berries; 2 tablespoons good aged balsamic vinegar or saba | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: a handheld blender, an ice cream maker Combine the sugar, salt and basil with 1 cup water in a small saucepan and place over medium heat. Bring the mixture to a simmer, stirring occasionally to help dissolve the sugar. Simmer gently for 2 minutes. Using a slotted spoon, remove the basil from the simple syrup and discard. Whisk the egg white in a medium bowl until frothy. Whisk the hot syrup into the beaten egg white. Whisk in the lemon juice and olive oil. Switch to a rubber spatula and stir occasionally for 5 minutes or until just warm to the touch. Refrigerate until comple <END>
INPUT: refrigerated pizza dough, All purpose flour, shallot, virgin olive oil, Kosher salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Shrimp and Clam Pizza | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound refrigerated pizza dough, at room temperature; All-purpose flour, for dusting; 1 shallot, thinly sliced; 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil; Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper; 1/3 cup dry white wine; 3 cloves garlic, minced; 12 littleneck clams, scrubbed; 1/2 cup fresh parsley, plus chopped leaves for topping; 1/2 teaspoon grated lemon zest; 8 ounces medium shrimp, peeled, deveined and halved lengthwise | INSTRUCTIONS: Put a pizza stone or an inverted baking sheet on the middle oven rack and preheat to 450 degrees F. Press and stretch the pizza dough into a 10-by-14-inch rectangle on a floured piece of parchment; scatter the shallot on top. Drizzle with 1 tablespoon olive oil and rub into the dough, gently pressing in the shallot; season with salt and pepper. Transfer the dough (on the parchment) onto the hot stone. Bake until the crust is golden, 10 to 15 minutes. Meanwhile, bring the wine, 1 tablespoon olive oil and the garlic to a simmer in a large skillet over medium heat. Add the clams, cover and cook u <END>
INPUT: strudels, phyllo dough, unsalted butter, confectioners' sugar, pecans, banana
OUTPUT: TITLE: Banana-Pecan Strudels | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 sheets phyllo dough, thawed; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted; 4 tablespoons confectioners' sugar; 4 tablespoons chopped toasted pecans; 1 medium-ripe banana, sliced lengthwise in quarters; 1 tablespoon honey | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Brush 1 phyllo sheet with some of the melted butter. Sift 2 tablespoons of the confectioners' sugar evenly on top. Sprinkle evenly with 2 tablespoons of the nuts. Cut the phyllo sheet in half lengthwise. Place 1/4 of the banana along a short edge of each phyllo half. Starting with the short end, tightly roll up the banana in the phyllo. When you get almost to the end, dab a little bit of honey along the edge to help seal the package. Repeat with the remaining ingredients. Just before baking, brush the tops of the strudels with more of the melted butter and pl <END>
INPUT: Mexican, curried, ground, onion, vegetable oil, jalapeño, garlic, shrimp
OUTPUT: TITLE: Curried Ground Shrimp and Noodles | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 large onion, cut into large pieces; 2 tablespoons vegetable oil; 1 small jalapeño, seeds removed if desired, coarsely chopped; 3 garlic cloves; 1 1/2 pound small shrimp, peeled, deveined; 1 tablespoon curry powder; 1 tablespoon gochugaru (Korean red pepper powder); 2 teaspoons finely grated peeled ginger; 1 tablespoon tomato paste; 1 tablespoon all-purpose flour; 4 cups low-sodium chicken broth; 12 ounces wide rice noodles; 1 teaspoon finely grated lemon zest; 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 1 teaspoon finely grated lime zest | INSTRUCTIONS: Finely chop onion in a food processor. Heat oil in a large skillet over medium and cook onion, stirring often, until soft and starting to brown, 6–8 minutes. Meanwhile, finely chop jalapeño and garlic in processor; place in a small bowl. Pulse shrimp in processor until coarsely ground; set aside. Meanwhile, finely chop jalapeño and garlic in processor; place in a small bowl. Pulse shrimp in processor until coarsely ground; set aside. Add jalapeño and garlic to skillet along with curry powder, gochugaru, and ginger; cook, stirring, until fragrant, about 1 minute. Add tomato paste and cook, stir <END>
INPUT: tartine, good country bread, smoked salmon, cucumber, lemon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Smoked Salmon and Cucumber Tartine | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 slices good country white bread, crusts removed and toasted; 4 slices smoked salmon; 1/4 cucumber, thinly sliced; 1/2 lemon, juiced | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Lay out the toast slices and divide the smoked salmon equally among the pieces. Place the cucumber slices on top of the smoked salmon, sprinkle with the lemon juice and serve. <END>
INPUT: sauce, butter, capers, garlic, wine, whipping cream
OUTPUT: TITLE: Salmon with Grits and Caper-Cream Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon butter; 1/4 cup drained capers; 2 garlic cloves, minced; 1/4 cup dry white wine; 1 1/4 cups whipping cream; 2 cups half and half; 1/2 cup water; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 1/2 cup instant grits; 1 cup grated Monterey Jack cheese; 4 7-ounce skinless salmon fillets; 1 tablespoon olive oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Melt butter in heavy medium saucepan over medium heat. Add capers and garlic and sauté until garlic begins to color, about 1 minute. Add white wine and simmer until reduced by half, about 1 minute. Add whipping cream and bring to boil. Reduce heat to medium and simmer until sauce thickens enough to coat back of spoon, about 10 minutes. Season sauce to taste with salt and pepper. (Can be made 1 day ahead. Cover and refrigerate. Rewarm before using.) Bring half and half, 1/2 cup water, and salt to boil in heavy large saucepan. Gradually whisk in instant grits. Reduce heat to medium-low, cover, a <END>
INPUT: American, stromboli, Pillsbury® refrigerated classic, chicken, Buffalo wing sauce, crumbled cheese
OUTPUT: TITLE: Buffalo Chicken Stromboli | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 can Pillsbury® refrigerated classic pizza crust; 2 cups shredded cooked chicken; 1/4 cup Buffalo wing sauce; 1/3 cup crumbled blue cheese | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat oven to 425 degrees F. Lightly spray cookie sheet with cooking spray. Unroll dough; place on cookie sheet. Starting at center, press out dough into 14x10-inch rectangle. In small bowl, mix chicken and wing sauce; spread down center of rectangle to within 1 inch of edges. Sprinkle with cheese. Fold shorter sides of dough 1 inch over filling. Bring long sides of dough over filling, overlapping in center; pinch edge to seal. Bake 14 to 16 minutes or until golden brown. Buffalo wing sauces vary in flavor. Experiment with different brands to determine your favorite.. <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, mojito, Olive oil, asparagus, Salt pepper, slivered almonds, olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mojito Chicken and Roasted Asparagus with Almonds | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: Olive oil cooking spray; 2 bunches asparagus (2 pounds); Salt and fresh ground black pepper; 1/4 cup slivered almonds; 2 teaspoons olive oil; 1/2 cup chopped onion; 2 cloves garlic, minced; 1 tablespoon sugar; 1 pound cut-up skinless boneless chicken breasts; 1/2 cup fresh lime juice; 1/2 cup rum; 1 teaspoon finely grated lime zest; 1/4 cup chopped fresh mint leaves; 1 cup couscous, cooked according to package directions | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F Coat a large baking sheet with cooking spray. Arrange asparagus on baking sheet and spray with cooking spray. Season with salt and black pepper. Roast 10 minutes. Top the asparagus with almonds and roast 5 more minutes, until fork-tender and almonds are golden brown. Remove from the oven and set aside. Meanwhile, heat oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Add onion, garlic and sugar and cook 3 minutes, until soft stirring with wooden spoon. Add chicken and saute 3 to 5 minutes, until golden brown on all sides. Add lime juice and carefully, off the heat, add the <END>
INPUT: Indian, oven, knob ginger, chiles, garlic, kosher salt, garam masala
OUTPUT: TITLE: Oven-Fried Chile Chicken | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: Large knob fresh ginger, peeled, and roughly chopped; 2 to 4 green chiles, cut in half with the stalk, seeds and membranes removed; 2 to 3 cloves garlic, peeled, and finely chopped; 1 teaspoon kosher salt; 1 teaspoon garam masala; 2 tablespoons oil; 1 tablespoon freshly squeezed lemon juice; 1 pound 12-ounces chicken pieces, skinned, and pricked all over with a fork; 3 tablespoons vegetable oil; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 1/2 teaspoon ground cumin; 4 slices white bread, processed to crumbs in a food processor; 1 to 2 large free-range eggs, beaten; 1 lemon, cut into wedges, to serve | INSTRUCTIONS: For the marinade: Combine the ginger, chiles, garlic, salt, garam masala, oil, and lemon juice in a bowl, and mix well to make a paste. Add the chicken and coat each piece well in the paste. Place the chicken on a sheet pan, then cover with plastic wrap and leave for a couple of hours or overnight in the refrigerator. Remove the chicken from the refrigerator and bring back to room temperature before continuing. Preheat the oven to 435 degrees F. Pour the 3 tablespoons oil into a roasting pan large enough to hold all the chicken pieces in one layer. Place the pan on a high shelf in the oven for <END>
INPUT: spread, discs, lemon, garlic, stems rosemary
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chickpea, Roasted Pepper and Rosemary Spread with Flat Breads, Grape Tomatoes and Zucchini Discs | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 (15-ounce) cans chickpeas (garbanzo beans) drained; 1 small jar, 6 ounces, roasted red peppers, drained well and coarsely chopped; 1/2 lemon, juiced; 2 cloves garlic, cracked away from peel; 4 stems fresh rosemary, leaves stripped from stems; Coarse salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, eyeball it as you drizzle it into recipe; 1 package Everything flavor flat breads; 1 pint grape tomatoes, rinsed; 1 zucchini, sliced into 1/4 inch disks | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Combine chickpeas, roasted red pepper, lemon juice, garlic, rosemary, salt and pepper in a food processor. Turn the processor on and stream in 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil. Remove smooth spread to a serving bowl and surround with flat breads, grape tomatoes, and zucchini disks. <END>
INPUT: American, rubbed, gravy, unsweetened cocoa powder, sweet paprika, smoked paprika, light sugar, cayenne pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cocoa-Rubbed Steak With Bacon-Whiskey Gravy | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon unsweetened cocoa powder; 2 teaspoons sweet paprika; 1/4 teaspoon smoked paprika; 1 teaspoon packed light brown sugar; 1/4 teaspoon cayenne pepper; Kosher salt; 3 1-pound New York strip steaks (about 1 1/2 inches thick); 1 tablespoon unsalted butter; 4 strips bacon, diced; 1 leek (white and light green parts only), finely chopped; 1 tablespoon all-purpose flour; 1/2 cup whiskey; 3 cups low-sodium chicken broth; 2 bay leaves; 1/2 cup heavy cream | INSTRUCTIONS: Make the steak: Mix the cocoa powder, both paprikas, brown sugar, cayenne and 2 teaspoons salt; rub on the steak and bring to room temperature, 30 minutes. Make the gravy: Cook the bacon in a large skillet over medium heat, stirring, until crisp, about 5 minutes. Remove to paper towels with a slotted spoon; set aside. Add the leek to the drippings and cook until soft, about 3 minutes. Add the flour and cook, stirring, 1 minute. Remove the skillet from the heat. Add the whiskey, then return to medium heat; if the alcohol ignites, let the flames die out. Bring to a simmer and cook, stirring occa <END>
INPUT: tempura, sandwiches, eggs, bacon, spinach, avocados, balsamic vinegar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tempura Stuffed Sandwiches and Spinach Salad with Pomegranate Dressing | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 eggs; 1/2 pound bacon; 1 pound fresh spinach, stems removed, soaked in salt water to remove grit, and dried; 2 avocados, slipped from skin and sliced; 2 tablespoons balsamic vinegar; 1 pomegranate, peeled and seeds removed from pith; 1 tablespoon honey; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/8 teaspoon ground black pepper; 3/4 cup olive oil; 3 to 4 liters canola oil, as needed, for deep-frying; 1 1/2 cups all-purpose flour; 3/4 cup cornstarch; 4 1/2 teaspoons baking powder; 1 1/2 cups seltzer water | INSTRUCTIONS: For the salad: Boil eggs for about 10 minutes until they are hard-boiled. Rinse with cold water and set aside until cool enough to handle. Peel hard-boiled eggs and chill. Fry bacon and drain on paper towels. For the vinaigrette: Through the feed opening of a running blender add, 1 at a time, the vinegar, pomegranate seeds, honey, salt and pepper. Leaving the blender running, add the olive oil in a slow, thin stream. Strain through a fine mesh strainer and set aside until needed. For the tempura and sandwiches: Heat oil in a deep-fryer to 375 degrees F, or as directed in manufacturer's instruc <END>
INPUT: salad, green, chicken breast halves, lemon juice, mild honey, shallot, olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Walnut Chicken Salad with Green Apple Vinaigrette | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 skinless boneless chicken breast halves (about 1 pound); 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 1 1/2 teaspoons mild honey; 2 tablespoons finely chopped shallot; 5 tablespoons olive oil; 1/3 cup finely diced Granny Smith apple; 1 small head Boston or Bibb lettuce (1/4 pound), leaves separated and left whole; 1 cup seedless red grapes, halved if desired; 1/2 cup walnuts (4 ounces), toasted; 1 celery rib, thinly sliced | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring 2 inches of water with 2 teaspoons salt to a boil in a 2-quart heavy saucepan. Add chicken and poach at a bare simmer, partially covered, until just cooked through, 12 to 14 minutes. While chicken poaches, whisk together lemon juice, honey, and 1/2 teaspoon salt in a bowl until honey and salt have dissolved. Whisk in shallot and oil, then whisk in apple. Divide lettuce, grapes, walnuts, and celery between 2 plates and drizzle with half of vinaigrette. Slice chicken and put on top of salads, then drizzle with remaining vinaigrette. Bring 2 inches of water with 2 teaspoons salt to a boil i <END>
INPUT: hotlanta, chicken, all purpose flour, cornstarch, baking powder, baking soda, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Hotlanta Style Chicken and Waffle "Sandwiches" with Spicy Maple Mayonnaise | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 cup all-purpose flour; 1/4 cup cornstarch; 1/2 teaspoon baking powder; 1/4 teaspoon baking soda; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1 cup buttermilk; 1/3 cup peanut oil; 1 egg; 1 teaspoon sugar; Peanut oil, for frying; 1/2 cup all-purpose flour; 1 cup panko bread crumbs; 3/4 teaspoon Cajun seasoning; 10 dashes hot sauce; 1 egg, beaten | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large bowl, combine the flour, cornstarch, baking powder, baking soda, and salt; mix well. Add the buttermilk, peanut oil, egg, and sugar. Mix well. Let the batter sit for 30 minutes before cooking the waffles. Preheat a waffle iron. Follow the directions on your waffle iron to cook the waffles accordingly- you will need at least 4 large size waffles to assemble the sandwiches. Once the waffles are golden, remove from the iron. Allow to cool and split them horizontally. Keep the waffles warm in a low oven, if necessary. Heat about 3-inches of peanut oil to 375 degrees F in a large enamel  <END>
INPUT: French, slaw, plain, mayonnaise, fennel fronds, tarragon, honey
OUTPUT: TITLE: Creamy Broccoli Fennel Slaw | CUISINE: French | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup plain, unsweetened Greek yogurt; 1/4 cup mayonnaise; 2 tablespoons chopped fennel fronds; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh tarragon; 1 tablespoon honey; 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard; 1 tablespoon apple cider vinegar; Pinch cayenne; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1/4 cup slivered almonds; 2 cups julienned broccoli stems; 1/2 cup finely sliced green cabbage; 1/2 cup finely sliced red cabbage; 1/2 cup finely sliced fennel bulb; 1/2 cup grated carrot | INSTRUCTIONS: For the dressing: In a large bowl, combine the yogurt, mayonnaise, fennel fronds, tarragon, honey, mustard, vinegar and cayenne. Season with salt and pepper; mix well. Cover and refrigerate while you prepare the slaw. For the slaw: In a dry saute pan over medium-high heat, toast the almonds until golden brown and fragrant, about 5 minutes. Shake the pan to ensure even cooking. Set aside. In a large mixing bowl, combine the broccoli, the green and red cabbage, and the fennel, carrot and onion. Toss well to combine. Add the dressing and toss to coat the vegetables thoroughly. Cover and refrigera <END>
INPUT: Asian, shoreline, aioli, soy milk, garlic powder, onion powder, cayenne pepper, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Shoreline Fried Halibut with Tofu Fries, Soy Sauce Aioli, Mushy Edamame and Soy Vanilla Milkshake | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup soy milk; 1 tablespoon garlic powder; 1 tablespoon onion powder; 1/2 teaspoon cayenne pepper; 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 1 1/2 pounds halibut, cut into 1 1/2-ounce pieces; 1 cup vegetable oil, for cooking in a cast iron pan, or, cook using the same vegetable oil from Tofu Fries recipe; 1 cup flour; Halibut, marinated in Spiced Soy Milk Marinade; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1/2 cup mayonnaise; 1 tablespoon soy sauce; 1/4 teaspoon sesame oil; 3 cups frozen, shelled edamame; 1/4 cup olive oil | INSTRUCTIONS: For the spiced soy milk marinade: Pour the soy milk in a wide baking dish. Whisk in the garlic powder, onion powder, cayenne, and black pepper. Add the halibut pieces to marinate, for at least 30 minutes, maximum 24 hours. For the shoreline fried halibut: Heat the vegetable oil in a cast iron pan over medium-high heat, or heat the vegetable oil to 350 degrees F in a large heavy-bottomed pot to 1/3 full. Line a baking tray with paper towel. Put the flour in a paper bag. Remove the halibut from the soy marinade and put, a few pieces at a time in a paper bag, shake well and cook either in a cast  <END>
INPUT: American, hangover, sandwich, bacon, buttermilk style pancakes, Kosher salt pepper, orange marmalade apricot, deli Swiss cheese
OUTPUT: TITLE: Hangover Bacon, Egg and Cheese Pancake Sandwich | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 3 slices bacon, halved crosswise; 3 buttermilk-style frozen pancakes, defrosted; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 tablespoon orange marmalade or apricot preserves; 3 slices deli Swiss cheese, cut into squares; 2 large eggs; 1 tablespoon unsalted butter | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Lay the bacon in a medium nonstick skillet, put the skillet over medium heat and cook until crisp, about 4 minutes per side; place the bacon on a paper towel. Remove all but 1 tablespoon of fat from the pan, add the pancakes and cook until they are warmed through and starting to crisp, about 1 minute per side. Sprinkle the pancakes with some salt and pepper, and transfer to a small baking sheet. Spread each pancake with a teaspoon of marmalade, and top with a slice of Swiss cheese. Keep warm in the oven. Crack the eggs into a small bowl, whisk with a fork unt <END>
INPUT: Italian, Vegetable oil, olive oil, pancetta, onion, ricotta cheese
OUTPUT: TITLE: Stuffed Baby Peppers | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: Vegetable oil cooking spray; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 3 ounces thinly sliced pancetta, chopped into 1/4-inch pieces; 1/2 medium onion, finely chopped; 3/4 cup ricotta cheese; 1/3 cup grated Parmesan; 1/2 cup frozen petite peas, thawed; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 24 (2 to 3-inch long) sweet baby peppers | INSTRUCTIONS: Place an oven rack in the center of the oven and preheat to 350 degrees F. Spray a baking sheet with vegetable oil cooking spray and set aside. In a medium skillet, heat the oil over medium-high heat. Add the pancetta and cook, stirring frequently, until brown and crispy, about 5 to 7 minutes. Using a slotted spoon, remove the pancetta and drain on paper towels. Add the onion to the pan and cook until translucent and soft, about 5 minutes. Set aside to cool for 10 minutes. In a medium bowl, combine the onion, pancetta, cheeses, and peas. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Using a paring kn <END>
INPUT: envy, short links, wine, virgin olive oil, Salt, orecchiette pasta
OUTPUT: TITLE: Green with Envy Orecchiette and Red Wine Braised Sausages | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 pounds - 8 short links or 4 large, hot or sweet Italian sausages; 2 cups dry red wine; 1/2 cup extra-virgin olive oil, divided; Salt; 1 pound orecchiette pasta; 1/2 cup hazelnuts; 1 package or bunch chives, coarsely chopped or torn by hand; 2 cloves garlic, popped from skin, 1 clove minced, divided; 12 stems tarragon, 1 package or small bunch, leaves stripped from stems; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1/2 cup grated Parmigiano-Reggiano, plus more to pass at table; 1 bunch green Swiss chard, stems removed and roughly chopped; A little freshly grated nutmeg, to taste | INSTRUCTIONS: Orecchiette means little ears and the ears will be burning over this recipe - tasty and supper good for you. The friends and family you make it for will be green with envy to be able to make something so delicious! Place sausages in a skillet and add wine and 1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil to the pan. Place pan over medium-high heat and let the wine reduce and evaporate, 15 to 18 minutes. Eventually, the casings will crisp up and the wine and oil will glaze the casings. Place a pot of water on to boil for the pasta. Salt water and cook to al dente. Heads up: you will need 1 1/2 cups, a co <END>
INPUT: daiquiri, Pulp from watermelon, lime juice, superfine granulated sugar, orange flavored liqueur, dark rum
OUTPUT: TITLE: Watermelon Daiquiri | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Pulp from 2 1/2 pounds watermelon, seeded, cut into pieces, and chilled; 1/2 to 1/3 cup lime juice, or to taste; 3 tablespoons superfine granulated sugar; 3 teaspoons orange-flavored liqueur; 1 cup plus 2 tablespoons dark rum | INSTRUCTIONS: In a blender, or in a food processor fitted with the steel blade, purée watermelon, lime juice, sugar, orange-flavored liqueur and rum until smooth, and divide among chilled stemmed glasses. In a blender, or in a food processor fitted with the steel blade, purée watermelon, lime juice, sugar, orange-flavored liqueur and rum until smooth, and divide among chilled stemmed glasses. <END>
INPUT: American, brunch, sandwich, asparagus spears, Olive oil, Kosher salt pepper, creme fraiche, chives
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sausage Bread Brunch Sandwich | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 8 asparagus spears, trimmed and cut in thirds on the bias; Olive oil, for drizzling; Kosher salt and pepper; 1/2 cup creme fraiche; 1/4 cup chopped fresh chives; 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh parsley; Juice of 1/2 lemon; Kosher salt and pepper; 8 slices leftover Grandma Kay's Sausage Bread, recipe follows; 2 tablespoons canola oil; 4 eggs; 2 tablespoons olive oil, plus more for brushing; 1 pound sweet Italian sausages, removed from casing; 4 ounces pepperoni, cut into squares | INSTRUCTIONS: For the asparagus: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Place the asparagus on a baking sheet, drizzle with olive oil and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Roast the asparagus until tender but not brown, about 10 minutes. Set aside. For the citrus herb sauce: Whisk the creme fraiche, chives, mustard, parsley and lemon juice in a bowl until incorporated. Sprinkle with salt and pepper and reserve. For the sandwich build: Warm the Grandma Kay's Sausage Bread in a medium nonstick skillet over medium heat. Transfer the bread to a plate and place a couple of asparagus on top. Add the canola oil to the sa <END>
INPUT: preserved, lemon, lemon juice, coarse sea salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Quick-Preserved Lemon | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 large lemon, cut crosswise into 1/4-inch-thick rounds; 1/2 cup fresh lemon juice; 1 tablespoon coarse sea salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine all ingredients in small skillet. Bring to boil over high heat, stirring to dissolve salt. Cover; reduce heat to low. Simmer until lemon slices are almost tender (peel will look translucent), about 10 minutes. Cool. DO AHEAD: Can be made 1 week ahead. Transfer to bowl. Cover; chill. Combine all ingredients in small skillet. Bring to boil over high heat, stirring to dissolve salt. Cover; reduce heat to low. Simmer until lemon slices are almost tender (peel will look translucent), about 10 minutes. Cool. DO AHEAD: Can be made 1 week ahead. Transfer to bowl. Cover; chill. <END>
INPUT: pulled, stew, olive oil, pepper flakes, garlic, andouille sausage, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spicy Pulled Chicken and Red Bean Stew | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 tablespoons olive oil; 1 teaspoon red pepper flakes; 3 tablespoons minced garlic; 8 ounces andouille sausage, diced; 1 onion, finely diced; 3 ribs celery, finely diced; 2 jalapenos, seeded and diced; 1/4 cup all-purpose flour; 2 quarts chicken stock; 1/4 cup molasses; 2 bay leaves; 1 teaspoon ground cumin; 2 (15-ounce) cans red beans in sauce; 3 cups cooked rotisserie chicken, shredded; 1 tablespoon salt | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large Dutch oven or soup pot over medium-high heat, add the oil. Stir in the red pepper flakes and garlic and cook until the garlic begins to brown, about 1 to 2 minutes. Add the sausage and cook until slightly browned, about 2 to 3 minutes. Stir in the onion, celery, and jalapenos. Cook until the vegetables soften, about 1 to 2 minutes, then add the flour and cook, stirring frequently, to form a roux. Whisk in the stock, molasses, bay leaves and cumin. Bring to a simmer and cook for 7 to 8 minutes. Stir in the beans, chicken, salt, and pepper. Cook until the chicken is warmed through and <END>
INPUT: Italian, mash, skinned new potatoes, Kosher salt pepper, heavy cream, handful chives
OUTPUT: TITLE: Basil Chive Red Potato Mash | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 2 pounds red-skinned new potatoes; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1/2 cup heavy cream; 8 tablespoons (1 stick) butter; A small handful chopped fresh chives (about 3 tablespoons); A small handful roughly chopped basil leaves (about 2 1/2 tablespoons) | INSTRUCTIONS: Put the potatoes in a medium saucepan and pour in enough cold water to cover them by a couple of inches. Toss in a handful of salt. Bring the water to a boil and cook until the potatoes are tender when poked with a knife, about 25 minutes. Drain the potatoes and return to the pan. Add the cream and butter and let the whole pot sit over very low heat until warmed through. Add chives and basil to the pot with the potatoes and mash the potatoes coarsely. Season with salt and pepper. <END>
INPUT: lemons, vegetable oil, carrots, parsnips, garlic, Meyer lemon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Carrots, Parsnips, and Meyer Lemons | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Nonstick vegetable oil spray; 1 pound large carrots (about 4), peeled, cut diagonally into 1/4-inch-thick slices; 1 pound large parsnips (about 5), peeled, cut diagonally into 1/8-inch-thick slices; 20 large garlic cloves, peeled; 1 Meyer lemon, halved lengthwise, cut crosswise into 1/8-inch-thick slices, seeds removed; 6 tablespoons olive oil, divided; 2 teaspoons coarse kosher salt, divided; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley | INSTRUCTIONS: Spray 2 large rimmed baking sheets with nonstick spray. Position 1 rack in top third and 1 rack in bottom third of oven and preheat to 375°F. Combine carrots, parsnips, garlic, lemon slices, and 4 tablespoons oil in large bowl. Sprinkle with 1 1/2 teaspoons salt and toss to coat evenly. Divide mixture between prepared sheets, spreading in single layer. Roast vegetables 20 minutes. Stir vegetables; reverse positions of sheets. Roast until vegetables are tender and brown at edges, about 20 minutes longer. Transfer vegetables to platter. Drizzle with remaining 2 tablespoons oil; sprinkle with par <END>
INPUT: salad, olive oil, lemon juice, shallot, fennel bulb, bite size radicchio
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fennel-Radicchio Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons olive oil; 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice; 1 shallot, minced; 1 small fresh fennel bulb, trimmed, cut vertically into thin slices; 1 1/2 cups bite-size pieces radicchio; 3 tablespoons sliced pitted black olives | INSTRUCTIONS: Whisk 3 tablespoons olive oil, lemon juice and minced shallot to blend in small bowl. Season dressing to taste with salt and pepper. Toss fennel and radicchio with dressing in medium bowl. Divide salad between 2 plates. Garnish with sliced olives and serve. Whisk 3 tablespoons olive oil, lemon juice and minced shallot to blend in small bowl. Season dressing to taste with salt and pepper. Toss fennel and radicchio with dressing in medium bowl. Divide salad between 2 plates. Garnish with sliced olives and serve. <END>
INPUT: angel, food, egg whites, salt, cream tartar, lemon oil, vanilla extract
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lemon-Glazed Lemon Angel Food Cake | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/4 cups egg whites, at room temperature (about 9 large eggs); 1/4 teaspoon salt; 1 teaspoon cream of tartar; 1 teaspoon lemon oil; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; 1 1/2 cups sifted sugar; 1 cup cake flour, sifted three times; 1 cup confectioners sugar, sifted; 2-3 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 1 tablespoon finely grated lemon zest | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 325. Beat egg whites until frothy; add salt, cream of tartar and lemon oil and vanilla extract. Continue beating until they form stiff but not dry peaks. Using a rubber spatula, gradually fold in the sugar a few tablespoons at a time. Using the same rubber spatula, gradually fold in the flour, one quarter at a time. Be sure that you use a true folding motion, gently turning the spatula from the bottom of the bowl to the top, folding in air with each stroke as opposed to beating or stirring. You just went to all that work the whip up the egg whites, don't want to beat them to de <END>
INPUT: Mexican, frozen, bars, sugar, lime juice, tequila
OUTPUT: TITLE: Frozen Watermelon-Lime Bars | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 (2 1/2-pounds) piece of watermelon; 1/2 cup sugar; 2 tablespoons fresh lime juice; 1 tablespoon tequila; 1 (14-ounce) can sweetened condensed milk; 1 teaspoon grated lime zest; 1/2 cup fresh lime juice; 1/2 cup chilled heavy cream; An ice cream maker | INSTRUCTIONS: Make watermelon sorbet: Line a 9-inch square baking pan (2 inches deep) with plastic wrap or parchment paper, leaving a 2-inch overhang. Put lined pan in freezer. Coarsely chop watermelon flesh (leave seeds in), then purée enough to yield 2 1/2 cups in a blender. Add sugar, juice, and tequila to purée and blend 30 seconds. Freeze sorbet in ice cream maker. Transfer to lined baking pan, smoothing top. Put in freezer to harden, at least 1 hour. Line a 9-inch square baking pan (2 inches deep) with plastic wrap or parchment paper, leaving a 2-inch overhang. Put lined pan in freezer. Coarsely chop  <END>
INPUT: gelato, milk, heavy cream, vanilla bean, granulated sugar, egg yolks
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate Gelato | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 cup whole milk; 1/2 cup heavy cream; 1 vanilla bean, split and seeds scraped; 8 ounces granulated sugar; 10 egg yolks; 1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract; 6 ounces sweet dark chocolate, chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: Place whole milk, heavy cream, and vanilla bean and seeds in a sauce pot and scald. Remove vanilla bean. Whip the granulated sugar and egg yolks to a pale yellow ribbon state. Your sugar and egg yolks should be nice and fluffy. Add about a 1/2 cup of your scalded cream to your chopped chocolate in a bowl. Stir until melted. Place the bowl over a double boiler of barely simmering water. Set up a second double boiler. Constantly stirring with a wooden spoon, add scalded cream to your whipped egg and sugar mixture. Place egg and cream mixture over the double boiler and cook custard until it becom <END>
INPUT: Basic Chocolate Cake, strawberry ice cream, raspberries strawberries, sugar, heavy cream
OUTPUT: TITLE: Berry Ice Cream Cake | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Basic Chocolate Cake, recipe follows, baked and cooled; 3 cups strawberry ice cream, softened; 2 1/2 cups raspberries and/or quartered strawberries; 1/4 cup sugar; 3/4 cup cold heavy cream; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; Cooking spray; 1 cup unsweetened cocoa powder (natural or Dutch process); 2 1/2 cups all-purpose flour; 2 cups sugar; 1 1/2 teaspoons baking powder; 1 teaspoon baking soda; 1 teaspoon salt; 3 large eggs, at room temperature; 3/4 cup vegetable oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Assemble the cake: Place 1 cake layer on a platter; scoop the ice cream on top and spread it to the edge using an offset spatula. Top with the second cake layer, then run the spatula around the sides to smooth the ice cream. Freeze until firm, about 4 hours. Make the topping: About 30 minutes before serving, remove the cake from the freezer and let stand at room temperature. Toss the berries and 3 tablespoons sugar in a bowl; set aside until ready to serve. Beat the heavy cream, the remaining 1 tablespoon sugar and the vanilla in a bowl with a mixer on medium speed until medium peaks form, 1 t <END>
INPUT: unripe, vegetable oil, water
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fried Green Plantains | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 pound large unripe (green) plantains (about 3); About 2 cups vegetable oil; 2 cups warm water | INSTRUCTIONS: Cut ends from each plantain with a sharp small knife, then cut a lengthwise slit through peel. Cut plantains crosswise into 1-inch-thick pieces and, beginning at slit, pry off peel. Heat 1/2 inch oil in a deep 10- to 12-inch heavy skillet over medium heat until just hot enough to sizzle when a piece of plantain is added. Fry plantains in 2 batches, turning occasionally with tongs, until tender and just golden, 5 to 7 minutes per batch. Transfer plantains to paper towels to drain, reserving oil in skillet. Flatten each plantain to 1/4 inch thick with a tostone press or bottom of a heavy saucepa <END>
INPUT: fondue, whipping cream, bittersweet, Grand Marnier other, cake
OUTPUT: TITLE: Bittersweet Chocolate-Orange Fondue | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/3 cup whipping cream; 1 1/2 teaspoons (packed) grated orange peel; 8 ounces bittersweet (not unsweetened) or semisweet chocolate, finely chopped; 3 tablespoons Grand Marnier or other orange liqueur; 8 1-inch pieces pound cake; 8 1-inch pieces angel food cake; 8 fresh strawberries, hulled; 2 kiwis, peeled, each cut into 4 rounds; 1 small pear, cored, cut into 1-inch pieces; 1 large banana, cut into 8 rounds; 1 orange, peel and white pith removed, cut into sections; 8 dried Calimyrna figs; 8 dried apricot halves | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring whipping cream and grated orange peel to simmer in heavy medium saucepan. Reduce heat to low. Add chopped chocolate and 1 tablespoon Grand Marnier; whisk until mixture is smooth. Remove fondue from heat and blend in remaining 2 tablespoons Grand Marnier. Transfer fondue to fondue pot. Place over candle or canned heat burner. Serve with cake pieces and fruit for dipping. Bring whipping cream and grated orange peel to simmer in heavy medium saucepan. Reduce heat to low. Add chopped chocolate and 1 tablespoon Grand Marnier; whisk until mixture is smooth. Remove fondue from heat and blend in <END>
INPUT: hot dogs, all purpose flour, vegetable oil, cornmeal, baking powder
OUTPUT: TITLE: Corn Dogs | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 8 hot dogs; 1/2 cup plus 3 tablespoons all-purpose flour, divided; About 8 cups vegetable oil, divided; 1 1/2 cups cornmeal; 1 1/2 teaspoons baking powder; 1 teaspoon sugar; 1/2 teaspoon baking soda; 1/8 teaspoon cayenne; 2 large eggs; 1 1/4 cups well-shaken buttermilk; Equipment: a grill pan; 8 wooden ice-pop sticks; a deep-fat thermometer; 8 wooden ice-pop sticks; a deep-fat thermometer; Accompaniments: ketchup and mustard; mustard | INSTRUCTIONS: Oil grill pan, then grill hot dogs over medium-high heat, turning occasionally, until lightly charred on all sides, about 5 minutes total. Transfer to a plate and cool slightly, then insert a wooden stick into each hot dog. Put 3 tablespoons flour on another plate and roll hot dogs in flour to coat, shaking off excess. Heat 3 inches oil to 350°F in a deep 3-quart heavy pot over medium-high heat. Meanwhile, whisk together cornmeal, remaining 1/2 cup flour, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, baking powder, sugar, baking soda, cayenne, and 3/4 teaspoon salt in a medium bowl. Add eggs 1 at a time, whisk <END>
INPUT: Mexican, olive oil, garlic, lemon grass, chiles de arbol, napa cabbage
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mussels Steamed with Lemon Grass and Chile de Arbol | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons olive oil; 2 tablespoons chopped garlic; 2 tablespoons fresh lemon grass minced; 2 tablespoons dried chiles de arbol; 1/2 head napa cabbage; 1 cup dry white wine; 1 cup clam juice; 1/4 cup fresh lime juice; Salt and fresh ground pepper; 32 mussels, washed and debeared; 1/4 cup chopped cilantro | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat the olive oil in a medium stockpot over mediumhigh heat. Add the garlic, lemon grass, and chiles and saute for 2 minutes. Add the cabbage and cook until almost wilted. Add the white wine and reduce by half. Add the clam and lime juice and bring to a boil, season with salt and pepper to taste. Add the mussels and cook until opened. Remove from the heat and add the cilantro. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, cheesecake, wheat meal biscuits, salt, butter, habanero peppers, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Habanero Lime Cheesecake | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cups wheat-meal biscuits (or about 26 graham cracker squares) ground to crumbs; Pinch salt; 1/3 cup melted butter; 3 habanero peppers; 2 tablespoons sugar, plus 1 cup; 24 ounces cream cheese; Pinch of salt; 4 eggs; 2 tablespoons heavy cream; 1 lime, zested; 1 very juicy or 2 less juicy limes, juiced; 1 lime sliced thinly, for garnish; 1whole habenero, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees. Position top rack in the center of the oven. Place a baking pan on the rack below this. Boil water. Make crust: Mix the crumbs and salt together in a small bowl, then add butter and stir to mix. Set aside 1/4cup for topping. Press the rest into the bottom and sides of a 9-inch springform pan. Turn on kitchen or stove exhaust fan. Skewer and roast the habaneros over an open flame (gas burner is fine) and set them to steam under a towel. When they are cool enough to handle, put on plastic gloves if desired. Peel and deseed habaneros, then pound in a mortar with t <END>
INPUT: lentils, bay leaf, onion, garlic, virgin olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sausage with Garlic Lentils | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 pound lentils; 1 fresh bay leaf; 1 small onion, peeled and halved; 4 large cloves garlic, grated or minced; 1/3 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 8 fresh sausages, pork, chicken or lamb, hot or sweet; 1/4 cup fresh flat-leaf parsley, a generous handful, finely chopped; Salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Cover lentils by 2 inches with water, add bay and onion and bring to a boil. Boil lentils 20 to 22 minutes until just tender but with a little bite left to them. In a shallow pasta bowl combine the garlic and about 1/3 cup extra-virgin olive oil and let stand 15 minutes. Place sausages in a small pan and add 1/4-inch water and 2 teaspoons extra-virgin olive oil, a little drizzle. Bring water to a boil then reduce heat to medium-high. Let the water simmer away 8 minutes or so, then crisp the casings 3 to 4 minutes more. Remove bay and onion from lentils. Toss hot lentils with garlic oil, parsle <END>
INPUT: American, herb, butternut squash other, garlic, olive oil, parsley, marjoram oregano
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Butternut Squash With Herb Oil and Goat Cheese | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 large butternut squash or other large winter squash (about 4 pounds), scrubbed; 1 garlic clove, finely grated; 1/4 cup olive oil; 1/4 cup finely chopped parsley; 1 tablespoon finely chopped marjoram or oregano; 1 1/2 teaspoons red wine vinegar, divided; Kosher salt, freshly ground pepper; 3 ounces fresh goat cheese | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 425°F. Place squash on a rimmed baking sheet and roast, turning once, until tender, 35–45 minutes. Let cool slightly. Meanwhile, whisk garlic, oil, parsley, marjoram, and 1/2 tsp. vinegar in a small bowl to combine; season herb oil with salt and pepper. Halve squash lengthwise and scrape out seeds. Using a large metal spoon, scoop out large pieces of flesh and place in a large bowl; discard skin. Add remaining 1 tsp. vinegar and gently toss to coat; season with salt and pepper. Transfer squash to a platter and drizzle with herb oil. Crumble goat cheese over. Preheat oven to 425 <END>
INPUT: Asian, vegetable, tamari soy sauce, Asian sesame oil, extrafirm tofu, canola oil, lemon juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Marinated Fried Tofu and Vegetable Salad with Mesclun | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon tamari soy sauce; 1 tablespoon Asian sesame oil; 1 pound extrafirm tofu, sliced 1/4 inche thick, patted very dry, then each slice cut into 4 triangles; 1 tablespoon canola oil; 3 tablespoons lemon juice; 2 garlic cloves, put through a press or minced; 1 teaspoon tamari soy sauce; 1/2 teaspoon salt; Generous seasoning freshly ground black pepper; 1/4 cup olive oil; 4 to 5 cups tiny broccoli florets; 2 large scallions, very thinly sliced; 1 red bell pepper, cut into 3/4-inch slice; 4 cups mesclun (baby salad greens), washed and spun dry | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine the soy sauce and sesame oil in a mediumsize bowl. Add the tofu and, with a rubber spatula, gently toss it with the marinade. Let sit 30 minutes. In a large nonstick skillet, heat the tablespoon of oil over high heat until it is very hot but not smoking. Add the marinated tofu and spread it out so that it is in one layer. Fry it, shaking the pan often to prevent sticking, until it is a rich golden color all over. With a spatula, flip it over occasionally so it gets evenly browned. Place the tofu in a large bowl. Set the skillet aside. Combine all the ingredients for the dressing in a j <END>
INPUT: Asian, mash, Salt, lobster tails, russet potatoes, milk, unsalted butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Wasabi Lobster Mash | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: Salt; 3 lobster tails, fresh or frozen and thawed; 4 pounds russet potatoes, peeled and cut into 2-inch pieces; 1/2 cup whole milk, plus more if needed; 4 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1 tablespoon clam juice; 1 tablespoon soy sauce; 3 teaspoons wasabi paste; 2 teaspoons chopped fresh tarragon; Freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add the lobster tails and simmer until cooked through, about 8 minutes. Remove the tails from the water and let cool. Remove the meat from the shell, discard the shell and chop the meat into bite-size pieces. Bring the water back up to a boil and add the potatoes. Boil the potatoes until very tender, about 30 minutes. Drain the potatoes and put them back into the pot. Add the milk, butter, clam juice, soy sauce and wasabi paste. Mash the potatoes and blend in all the ingredients. Stir in more milk if the potatoes are too dry. Gently stir in the tarr <END>
INPUT: latkes, potatoes, onion, eggs, flour, Salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Potato Latkes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 potatoes; 1 small red onion; 2 eggs; 1/2 cup flour; Salt and pepper, to taste; Sour cream and apple sauce (optional) | INSTRUCTIONS: Shred potatoes and onions together. Squeeze in a towel until dry. Add eggs, flour, and season to taste. Fry until golden brown. Serve with sour cream and apple sauce, if desired. <END>
INPUT: martini, trays ice, vodka, sour apple mix, sweet vermouth, Granny Smith apple
OUTPUT: TITLE: Apple Martini | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 trays ice; 1/4 liter vodka; 1/2 liter sour apple mix; Splash sweet vermouth; 1 Granny Smith apple, cored and sliced | INSTRUCTIONS: In a medium pitcher, combine ice, vodka, sour apple mix, and vermouth. Stir thoroughly. Strain into a martini glass and garnish with apple slice. Serve immediately. <END>
INPUT: Indian, parsnips, sweet potato, grapeseed oil, Salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Coriander Breast of Duck with Sweet Potato Sauce | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 2 medium parsnips, unpeeled, poached for 15 minutes; 1 sweet potato, cut into 1/8-inch wedges; 1 tablespoon grapeseed oil, plus more for squeeze bottle; Salt and pepper, to taste; 4 (5 to 7-ounce) boneless, skinless duck breasts; 2 tablespoons toasted coriander seeds, crushed; 1 1/2 cups sweet potato sauce base, recipe follows; 4 sprigs baby pea shoots; 9 cups sweet potato juice (approximately 12 to 16 sweet potatoes); 4 tablespoons fresh ginger; 2 Thai chile peppers, chopped; Salt and pepper, to taste; Freshly squeezed lemon juice, to taste | INSTRUCTIONS: Split each poached parsnip in 1/2 lengthwise and rub with a small amount of grapeseed oil. Rub the 8 sweet potatoes wedges with grapeseed oil. Season the parsnip and potato with salt and pepper. Bake on a sheet tray in a pre-heated 400 degree oven until browned and cooked through (approximately 15 minutes). Heat a large, nonstick saute pan over medium heat. Season each duck breast with salt and pepper. Press one side of the duck breast into the coriander seeds. Use a squeeze bottle to drizzle a thin line of grapeseed oil over the coriander on each duck breast. Add the duck breasts, seed side d <END>
INPUT: mixed, apples, wild rice, long grain rice, olive oil, onion, carrot
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mixed Mushroom Stuffing with Rice, Raisins and Apples | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup wild rice; 1/2 cup long-grain white rice; 1 tablespoon olive oil; 1 cup chopped onion; 1/2 cup chopped peeled carrot; 1/2 cup chopped peeled parsnip; 1 pound assorted wild mushrooms (such as crimini, portobello and stemmed shiitake), chopped; 1 cup chopped peeled apple; 1/4 cup raisins; 1 cinnamon stick; 1 1/2 teaspoons grated orange peel; 2/3 cup unsweetened apple juice | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook wild rice in medium saucepan of boiling salted water 25 minutes. Add white rice to saucepan; cook until all rice is tender, about 15 minutes longer. Drain. Heat oil in heavy large pot over medium heat. Add onion, carrot and parsnip; sauté until tender, about 8 minutes. Add mushrooms; sauté until brown, adding 2 to 3 tablespoons water if mixture is dry, about 15 minutes. Stir in apple, raisins, cinnamon stick and orange peel; sauté 5 minutes. Mix in apple juice and cooked rice. Season to taste with salt and pepper. If using as stuffing, spoon mixture loosely into poultry. (Can be prepared  <END>
INPUT: mixed, fruit, pre spring greens, strawberries, blueberries, Champagne wine vinegar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mixed Fruit and Spring Greens with White Chocolate-Orange Vinaigrette | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 (15-ounce) can Mandarin oranges; 5 ounces pre-washed spring greens; 2 cups fresh strawberries, quartered; 1/2 pint blueberries; 1/4 cup Champagne wine vinegar; 1/3 cup reserved Mandarin orange juice; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 2 tablespoons sugar; 1/4 cup white chocolate chips; 3 tablespoons olive oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Drain Mandarin oranges and reserve juice. In a large bowl, combine salad greens and fruit. Set aside. To make the dressing, in a small saucepan over medium-low heat, combine vinegar, 1/3 cup reserved Mandarin juice, salt, and sugar. Gently heat until sugar is dissolved. Remove from heat. Stir in white chocolate until melted. Set aside to cool. Do not refrigerate, as white chocolate will set. Before serving, slowly whisk in olive oil. Spoon desired amount over salad and toss. Serve remaining dressing on side. <END>
INPUT: Italian, friday, pizza dough, egg, shrimp, tuna, smoked buffalo mozzarella
OUTPUT: TITLE: Friday Pizza | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 24 ounces pizza dough; 1 egg, beaten; 4 cooked shrimp, chopped; 1 small can tuna, with oil; 4 ounces smoked buffalo mozzarella cheese, sliced; 3 chopped fresh tomatoes; 2 tablespoons lemon juice; 1 tablespoon chopped red onion; 1 teaspoon white vinegar; 1 teaspoon dried oregano; 3 basil leaves, torn; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; Special Equipment: pizza peel (*See Cook's Note) | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven with a pizza stone to 350 degrees F. Roll out a piece of dough flat and thin, and large enough to cover handle of peel and complete the half circle of the peel. Brush parts of dough that will cover the handle with beaten egg. Once the dough is firm, cut the dough to complete the circle. Let dough rest for 1 hour. Combine remaining ingredients in a bowl. Mix well by hand. Put mixture on top of pizza. Bake pizza on pizza stone until cooked through, about 15 minutes. *Cook's Note: Dimensions for the pizza peel used in this recipe: Sanded wood handle, cut into half circle with handle. <END>
INPUT: thumbprint, cookies, all purpose flour, cornmeal, cinnamon, nutmeg, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cornmeal Guava Thumbprint Cookies | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup all purpose flour; 1/3 cup cornmeal; 1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1/2 teaspoon ground nutmeg; 1/8 teaspoon salt; 1/2 cup (1 stick) unsalted butter, room temperature; 1/2 cup firmly packed brown sugar; 1 egg yolk; 3/4 teaspoon vanilla; Guava jelly or apricot-pineapple preserves | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350°F. Combine all purpose flour, cornmeal, ground cinnamon, nutmeg and salt in medium bowl. Using electric mixer, beat unsalted butter and brown sugar in large bowl until fluffy. Mix in egg yolk and vanilla extract. Mix in dry ingredients. Form dough into 1-inch balls. Arrange on ungreased baking sheet, spacing 1 1/2 inches apart. Make depression in center of each using thumb or handle of wooden spoon. Fill depressions with jelly. Continue baking until bottoms of cookies are brown, about 10 minutes. Cool on rack. (Can be prepared 1 week ahead. Refrigerate in airtight container <END>
INPUT: bone, veal breast, Salt pepper, butter, onion, celery
OUTPUT: TITLE: Stuffed and Roasted Bone-in Veal Breast | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 6-pound veal breast; Salt and pepper; 3 tablespoons butter; 1 large onion, finely chopped; 1 large stalk celery, finely chopped; 1 pound white bread, torn in 1-inch pieces; 2 eggs, lightly beaten; 1 cup finely-minced parsley; 6 cups chicken stock; Sweet paprika; Arrowroot or butter, to thicken (optional) | INSTRUCTIONS: Cut a pocket in veal breast, or ask your butcher to do it for you. Season pocket with salt and pepper. Preheat oven to 325 degrees. Set aside veal to reach room temperature. In a skillet melt butter over medium-high heat. Add onion and celery and saute until onion is tender and golden. In a bowl combine bread and eggs; add onion mixture, parsley and 1 cup of the chicken stock. Season with salt and pepper; mix well. Stuffing should be fairly wet; add a little more chicken stock if needed. Using a long spoon, reach deep inside veal pocket to distribute stuffing evenly. Use a trussing needle and  <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, winston, beef tenderloin, Duxelles, phyllo, olive oil, Merlot sauce
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sir Winston's Beef Phyllo | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 pounds beef tenderloin; 2 tablespoons Duxelles, recipe follows; 5 sheets phyllo; 1 1/2 tablespoons olive oil; Merlot sauce, recipe follows; 1 ounce butter; 3 tablespoons chopped mushrooms; 1 teaspoon chopped shallots; Herbs; 1 tablespoon Chardonnay; 1/2 tablespoon brandy; 3 tablespoons foie gras; 1 ounce butter; 2 cloves garlic, smashed; 1 small shallot, minced | INSTRUCTIONS: Trim all fat from beef tenderloin. Season with salt and pepper. Sear on all sides. Allow to cool. Cover tenderloin completely with the duxelles mixture. Take a sheet of phyllo and brush with olive oil. Wrap the tenderloin with the phyllo. Tenderloin must be completely covered. Continue this process until all phyllo is depleted. Each piece of phyllo, including the outside layer, must be brushed with olive oil. Place in a preheated 450-degree F oven for 15 to 20 minutes for medium to medium rare. Remove from oven and slice tenderloin in 8 equal slices. Place equal amount of sauce on each plate a <END>
INPUT: cream, cinnamon, mace, pepper, nutmeg, coriander
OUTPUT: TITLE: White Pepper Ice Cream | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1" cinnamon stick; 1 teaspoon mace; 1 teaspoon white pepper; 1 teaspoon grated nutmeg; 1 teaspoon coriander; 2 cups milk; 2 vanilla beans, split; seeds scraped out (or vanilla extract); 6 egg yolks; 1/2 cup sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine cinnamon, mace, white pepper, nutmeg, coriander in a skillet and heat and cook shaking until aromatic. Cool then grind to a powder. In a medium saucepan, add milk, vanilla seeds and about 1 tablespoon of the pepper mixture. Turn heat to medium and boil, stirring. Beat yolks and sugar until thick. Stir 1/2 cup of the hot milk into the yolk mixture and beat. Stir warmed egg mixture back into the milk. Heat, stirring constantly, until thick. Add more pepper mixture, if necessary. Cool and strain and freeze in ice cream machine. <END>
INPUT: American, salad, apples, olive oil, Granny Smith apple, walnut halves, sugar, shallots
OUTPUT: TITLE: Escarole Salad with Apples, Candied Walnuts, and Saint André Cheese | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons olive oil, divided; 1 Granny Smith apple, cored, cut into 1/3-inch-thick wedges; 1/2 cup walnut halves; 1 tablespoon sugar; 3 tablespoons chopped shallots; 1 tablespoon apple cider vinegar; 1 8-ounce head of escarole, cut into 3/4-inch-thick strips (6 cups packed); 1 cup thinly sliced radicchio; 2 1/2-inch-thick slices Saint André cheese | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat 1 tablespoon oil in heavy large skillet over high heat. Add apple wedges; cook until beginning to brown, 2 to 3 minutes per side. Divide among plates. Reduce heat to medium-high. Add remaining 1 tablespoon oil and walnuts to skillet; stir 1 minute. Sprinkle walnuts with sugar; stir until walnuts and sauce are deep brown, about 30 seconds. Using slotted spoon, transfer walnuts to small bowl. Add shallots to skillet; stir until soft, 10 to 15 seconds. Stir in vinegar, then add escarole and radicchio to skillet. Sprinkle with salt and pepper and toss until beginning to wilt, about 1 minute.  <END>
INPUT: Italian, glaze, lump, quince, sugar, Champagne vinegar, pure vanilla extract, zest juice lemon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Scottish Salmon with Shallot-Truffle Honey Glaze, Lump Crab and Green Apple Risotto, and Quince Jam | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 quince, grated; 3/4 cup sugar; 2 tablespoons Champagne vinegar; 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract or 1/2 vanilla bean, split lengthwise; Finely grated zest and juice of 1 lemon; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 5 shallots, minced; 3 tablespoons packed light brown sugar; 2 tablespoons Champagne vinegar; 4 tablespoons honey; 1 teaspoon truffle oil; 2 tablespoons vegetable oil; Fine sea salt to taste; Freshly ground black pepper to taste; 10 ounces Scottish salmon, skin removed | INSTRUCTIONS: Make the quince jam: In a medium saucepan over moderate heat, bring the quince, sugar, vinegar, and 1 1/2 cups of water to a boil. Add the vanilla (or scrape in vanilla seeds), lemon juice, and zest then lower the heat, cover, and simmer until the jam is thickened and reduced by half, about 25 minutes. Let the jam cool for 1 hour. In a medium saucepan over moderate heat, bring the quince, sugar, vinegar, and 1 1/2 cups of water to a boil. Add the vanilla (or scrape in vanilla seeds), lemon juice, and zest then lower the heat, cover, and simmer until the jam is thickened and reduced by half, ab <END>
INPUT: American, four, all purpose flour, milk, Fontina, Parmesan, non fat Cheddar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Creamy Four-Cheese Broccoli Macaroni | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1/3 cup all-purpose flour; 2 1/3 cups 1 percent milk; 1/2 cup shredded Fontina; 1/2 cup grated Parmesan; 1/2 cup shredded non-fat Cheddar; 3 ounces reduced-fat processed American cheese (recommended: Velveeta Light), shredded; 3 cups cooked elbow macaroni; 1 1/2 cups broccoli florets, steamed; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 2 sprays nonstick cooking spray; 1/2 cup seasoned bread crumbs | INSTRUCTIONS: Pre-heat oven to 370 degrees F. Combine flour and milk in a large saucepan over medium-high heat, whisking until blended. Reduce heat to medium and continue to cook over medium heat until thick, stirring constantly, about 10 minutes. Whisk in all the cheeses and continue cooking until melted. Remove cheese sauce from heat and stir in cooked macaroni and broccoli. Season with salt, to taste. Lightly spray a 2-quart casserole dish with cooking spray. Pour pasta and cheese sauce mixture into dish. Top with breadcrumbs and bake for 30 minutes or until bubbly. Let stand for 5 minutes before serving <END>
INPUT: French, quiche, eggs, milk, heavy cream, Kosher salt pepper, scallions
OUTPUT: TITLE: Green Chile Quiche | CUISINE: French | INGREDIENTS: 4 large eggs; 1 cup milk; 1/3 cup heavy cream; Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper; 2 scallions, finely chopped; 1 4.25-ounce can chopped green chiles, drained; 1/2 cup grated pepper jack cheese (about 2 ounces); 1 frozen 9-inch deep-dish piecrust, thawed; Paprika, for sprinkling; 1 5-ounce package mixed salad greens (about 8 cups); 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; Juice of 1 lemon | INSTRUCTIONS: Position a rack in the upper third of the oven; set a baking sheet on the rack and preheat to 400 degrees F. Whisk the eggs, milk, heavy cream, 1/2 teaspoon salt and 1/8 teaspoon pepper in a medium bowl. Whisk in the scallions,chiles and cheese. Pour the mixture into the piecrust and sprinkle with paprika. Place on the hot baking sheet in the oven and bakeuntil golden brown and set, 25 to 30 minutes. Toss the salad greens in a large bowl with the olive oil and lemon juice; season with salt and pepper. Cut the quiche into wedges and serve with the salad. Photograph by Justin Walker <END>
INPUT: American, beer, mashed, Carlini Pure Olive, Cattlemen's Ranch Corned, Chef's Cupboard Beef, Holland Lager, Baker's Corner Sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Beer Braised Corned Beef and Cabbage Mashed Potato Bloom | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons Carlini Pure Olive Oil; 1 Cattlemen's Ranch Corned Beef Points, cut into 6 pieces*; 32 ounces Chef's Cupboard Beef Broth; 11.2 ounces Holland Lager 1839; ¼ cup Baker's Corner Brown Sugar; 1 head cabbage, cut in half, core removed; 10 red potatoes; 1 tablespoon plus 1 teaspoon Stonemill Iodized Salt, divided; ½ cup Friendly Farms Heavy Whipping Cream; 3 tablespoons Countryside Creamery Unsalted Butter; 4.5 ounces Little Salad Bar Flat Leaf Spinach, stems removed, sliced; 4 ounces Kerrygold Dubliner Irish Cheese, crumbled*; 1 teaspoon Stonemill Ground Black Pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large pot, heat 3 tablespoons of olive oil over medium-high heat. Sear the corned beef pieces on each side. Slowly add the seasoning packet (included with corned beef brisket), broth, beer and brown sugar. Bring to a boil, reduce heat to a simmer. Cover and cook for 2 ½ hours until the beef is tender. Remove the beef and reserve. Add the cabbage halves and, if needed, enough water to cover the cabbage. Bring to a boil, simmer for 15 minutes until tender. Meanwhile, cut the potatoes into quarters, place them in a medium saucepan. Cover with water and 1 tablespoon salt. Bring to a boil, sim <END>
INPUT: pork chops, olive oil, garlic, onion, apple
OUTPUT: TITLE: Apple Sage Cornbread-Stuffed Pork Chops for Two | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 boneless pork chops (1 pound total); 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1 garlic clove, minced; 1/2 onion, diced; 1/2 cup chopped green apple, such as Granny Smith; 1/2 cup diced carrots; 1/2 cup diced celery; 1 cup crumbled cornbread; 1/4 cup chicken broth or stock; 4 sage leaves, coarsely chopped; Salt and ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: Toothpicks Slice into the pork chops horizontally, but not all the way through. (You're essentially butterflying the pork chops and giving them a little pouch.) Set aside. In a large skillet over medium-high heat, heat up 1 tablespoon olive oil. Add the garlic and onion and saute until fragrant and softened, about 3 minutes. Add the apple, carrots and celery and cook until softened, 7 to 10 minutes. Add in the cornbread, chicken broth and sage leaves, and stir to incorporate. Season with salt and pepper to taste. Remove the skillet from the heat and let the filling cool for  <END>
INPUT: Butter, chicken stock water, polenta, coarse kosher salt, corn kernels
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Polenta with Morel Vinaigrette | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Butter, for greasing pan; 8 cups chicken stock or water; 2 cups polenta; 2 teaspoons coarse kosher salt; 1 cup fresh or frozen corn kernels; 1 cup freshly grated Parmesan; 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh parsley leaves, plus more for garnish; 1/4 cup olive oil; Salt and freshly ground pepper; Morel Vinaigrette, recipe follows; 1/4 cup aged sherry vinegar; 1 small shallot, chopped; 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard; 1 tablespoon walnut oil; 3/4 cup pure olive oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Special equipment: 2-inch circle cutter Generously butter a large shallow baking dish and set aside. In a large saucepan, bring the chicken stock to a boil. Slowly pour in the polenta and the salt, whisking constantly with a wire whisk. Reduce the heat to low and cook, stirring constantly with a wooden spoon until thickened and smooth, about 20 to 25 minutes. Fold in the corn, Parmesan, and parsley. Pour the mixture into the prepared baking dish. Cover and chill in the refrigerator at least 4 hours or overnight. Preheat the grill to medium-high. With a 2-inch cir <END>
INPUT: Mexican, sorbet, sugar, firmly mint, lime juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lime Mint Sorbet | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/4 cups sugar; 1/3 cup firmly packed fresh mint; 3 cups fresh lime juice (about 18 limes) | INSTRUCTIONS: In a small saucepan combine the sugar and 1 cup water, bring the mixture to a boil, stirring until the sugar is dissolved, and remove the pan from the heat. Let the syrup cool. In a blender purée the mint with the syrup, stir in the lime juice, and in a bowl chill the mixture, covered, for 1 hour, or until it is cold. Freeze the mixture in an ice-cream freezer according to the manufacturer's instructions. In a small saucepan combine the sugar and 1 cup water, bring the mixture to a boil, stirring until the sugar is dissolved, and remove the pan from the heat. Let the syrup cool. In a blender p <END>
INPUT: dressed, salad, grape cherry tomatoes, virgin olive oil, Salt, pepper, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Tomato Dressed Romaine Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pint grape or cherry tomatoes; 1/3 cup extra-virgin olive oil, plus more for drizzling; Salt; Freshly ground black pepper; 1/4 small red onion, minced; 1/2 tablespoon Dijon mustard, eyeball it; 3 tablespoons balsamic vinegar, eyeball it; 3 hearts romaine lettuce, roughly chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 425 degrees F. Place the tomatoes on a baking dish and drizzle with a little extra-virgin olive oil and season with some salt and pepper and transfer to the oven. Roast until the tomatoes start to burst, about 10 minutes. Remove from the oven and let cool. Once cool, transfer to a salad bowl and slightly smash up the tomatoes with a fork, add the minced red onion and the mustard and vinegar. In a slow steady steam, pour in the extra-virgin olive oil, to taste, while mixing with a fork. Add the romaine lettuce and toss to combine. <END>
INPUT: mudslide, Baileys Irish Cream, Smirnoff Vodka, Godiva Chocolate Liqueur
OUTPUT: TITLE: Baileys Mudslide | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 oz. Baileys Irish Cream; .25 oz. Smirnoff No.21 Vodka; .25 oz. Godiva Chocolate Liqueur | INSTRUCTIONS: Add Baileys Irish Cream, Smirnoff No.21 Vodka, and Godiva Chocolate Liqueur Shake and serve over ice or blend with ice <END>
INPUT: lemon, lemons, wine, shallot, heavy cream
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Tilapia with Lemon Butter, Capers and Orzo | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 lemon, finely zested; 2 lemons, juiced; 1/2 cup dry white wine; 1 shallot, thinly sliced; Splash heavy cream; 1 stick unsalted butter, cut into cubes, at room temperature; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 4 (8-ounce) tilapia fillets; 3 tablespoons olive oil; 1/2 pound orzo, cooked al dente; 1/4 cup chopped fresh flat-leaf parsley leaves; 1/4 cup drained capers | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Combine the lemon zest, juice, wine and shallot in a small saucepan over high heat and cook until reduced by half. Remove from the heat and let cool. Whisk together the cream, butter and wine mixture in a small bowl and season with salt and pepper. Cover and refrigerate for 30 minutes. The lemon butter can be made 1 day in advance and refrigerated. Bring to room temperature before serving. Heat the grill to high. Brush the fish on both sides with the oil and season with salt and pepper. Grill the fish for 3 to 4 minutes per side or until lightly golden brown and  <END>
INPUT: Mexican, salsa, tomatoes, Salt, onion, garlic, jalapeno
OUTPUT: TITLE: Quick Tomato Salsa | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 4 tomatoes, diced; Salt; 1 small red onion, chopped; 3 cloves garlic, minced; 1 fresh jalapeno, minced; 3 tablespoons olive oil; 1 lime , juiced | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine tomatoes, salt, onion, garlic, jalapeno, olive oil with the juice of one lime. Toss together and chill. Serve with tortilla chips. <END>
INPUT: Indian, beef chuck, Kosher salt, vegetable oil, unsalted butter, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Coconut Beef Curry | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 pounds beef chuck, cut into 1 1/2-inch pieces; Kosher salt; 2 tablespoons vegetable oil; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1/2 large white onion, thinly sliced; 4 garlic cloves, finely chopped; 1 tablespoon finely chopped peeled ginger; 3 tablespoons curry powder, preferably Indian; 2 bay leaves; 2 (13.5-ounce) cans unsweetened coconut milk; 2 pounds Yukon Gold potatoes, peeled, cut into 2-inch pieces; Steamed jasmine rice, cilantro, thinly sliced Fresno chile, and lime wedges (for serving) | INSTRUCTIONS: Season beef generously with salt. Heat oil in a large heavy pot over medium-high. Working in batches, cook beef, turning occasionally, until deeply browned all over, 8–10 minutes. Transfer to a plate. Pour off all but 1 Tbsp. fat from pot. Reduce heat to medium; add butter, onion, garlic, and ginger and cook, stirring often and scraping up browned bits, until onion is translucent, about 5 minutes. Add curry; cook, stirring, until it starts to stick to pot, about 3 minutes. Stir in bay leaves, coconut milk, and 1 cup water. Return beef to pot. Season with salt and bring to a simmer. Cook, parti <END>
INPUT: Italian, wine, water, spaghetti, spicy tomato sauce
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spaghetti with Lobster and Mussels | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup dry white wine; 1 cup water; 2 (1 1/2 pound) live lobsters; 2 pounds spaghetti; 6 cups spicy tomato sauce (recipe follows); 1 pound mussels (preferably cultivated), scrubbed well and beards pulled off; 2 tablespoons minced fresh parsley leaves (wash and dry before mincing); 3 garlic cloves, minced; 3 tablespoons olive oil; 1 large onion, chopped fine; 1/2 teaspoon dried hot pepper flakes; 2 (28 to 32-ounce) cans tomatoes, including juice, pureed course in a blender in 2 batches; 1/2 teaspoon dried thyme, crumbled | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large kettle bring wine and water to a boil. Add lobsters and cook covered for 3 minutes (they will be partially cooked). Transfer lobsters with tongs to a large bowl and boil cooking liquid until reduced to about 1/2 cup. Twist off claws and with the flat side of a heavy knife crack claws on one side. Cut off tails and cut each tail crosswise into 4 pieces, cutting through shell and discarding dark intestinal vein. Halve body sections and discard head sacs. Reserve tomalley and any row if desired. Lobsters can be prepared up to this point 4 hours ahead and chilled, covered. In a six quar <END>
INPUT: hoisin, vegetable oil, garlic, soy sauce, honey, distilled vinegar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Hoisin-Glazed Pork Chops | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons vegetable oil; 3 garlic cloves, finely chopped; 1/3 cup soy sauce; 3 tablespoons honey; 2 tablespoons distilled white vinegar; 2 tablespoons tahini; 2 teaspoons Sriracha; Kosher salt, freshly ground pepper; 2 (1 1/2-inch-thick) bone-in pork rib chops (about 1 pound each), patted dry | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat oil in a medium saucepan over medium. Cook garlic, stirring often, until golden brown, about 2 minutes. Add soy sauce, honey, vinegar, tahini, and Sriracha and whisk until smooth. Cook, whisking occasionally, until mixture is thick and smooth, about 5 minutes. Season hoisin sauce with salt and pepper; let cool. Season pork chops all over with salt and pepper. Place in a large resealable plastic bag and add half of hoisin sauce (reserve remaining sauce). Seal bag, pressing out air, and turn to coat pork. Chill at least 30 minutes. Set remaining sauce aside. Preheat a large skillet, prefera <END>
INPUT: American, cake, Unsalted butter, sugar more pan, soft goat cheese, lemon zest, lemon juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Goat Cheese Cake with Mixed Berries | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: Unsalted butter (for pan); 3/4 cup sugar plus more for pan; 12 ounces fresh soft goat cheese, room temperature; 1 teaspoon finely grated lemon zest; 1 teaspoon fresh lemon juice; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; 6 large eggs, separated; 3 tablespoons all-purpose flour; 1 1/2 pints mixed berries (blackberries, strawberries, blueberries, and/or raspberries); Special equipment: A 9"-diameter springform pan | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350°. Butter springform pan and dust with sugar, tapping out any excess. Using an electric mixer on medium speed, beat goat cheese, lemon zest, lemon juice, vanilla, and 3/4 cup sugar in a large bowl until smooth and creamy, about 3 minutes. Add egg yolks two at a time, beating to blend and scraping down sides of bowl between additions. Reduce speed to low, add flour, and mix just until blended. Using clean, dry beaters, beat egg whites in a medium bowl until soft peaks form. Fold 1/4 of egg whites into goat cheese mixture just until blended; fold in remaining egg whites just u <END>
INPUT: stew, lamb shoulder, all purpose flour, olive oil, garlic, wine
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lamb and Sweet Potato Stew | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound boneless lamb shoulder, cut into 1/2-inch pieces; 1 1/2 tablespoons all-purpose flour; 1 tablespoon olive oil; 1 garlic clove, minced; 1/4 cup red wine; 1 cup water; 1/2 cinnamon stick; a 1/2-pound sweet potato, peeled and cut into 1-inch pieces | INSTRUCTIONS: In a bowl toss lamb with flour and salt and pepper to taste. In a 10-inch skillet heat oil over moderately high heat and sauté garlic, stirring, 1 minute. Add lamb and brown, stirring, about 2 minutes. Add wine and boil 1 minute. Add water and cinnamon stick and scatter sweet potato on top. Simmer stew, covered, about 30 minutes, or until lamb is tender, and season with salt and pepper. In a bowl toss lamb with flour and salt and pepper to taste. In a 10-inch skillet heat oil over moderately high heat and sauté garlic, stirring, 1 minute. Add lamb and brown, stirring, about 2 minutes. Add wine <END>
INPUT: Kosher salt, onion, carrot, thyme
OUTPUT: TITLE: Coq au Vin With Cocoa Powder | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 (3 1/2–4-pound) chicken, cut into 8 pieces (legs and thighs separated, breasts halved); Kosher salt, freshly ground pepper; 1 large yellow onion, chopped; 1 large carrot, peeled, chopped; 1 bunch thyme; 2 bay leaves; 1 (750 ml) bottle red wine, preferably Côte du Rhône; 3 tablespoons olive oil, divided; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, divided; 5 ounces thick-cut bacon, cut into 1/4-inch pieces; 8 ounces button mushrooms, halved; 1 tablespoon all-purpose flour; 8 ounces pearl onions, peeled; 1 tablespoon red wine vinegar; 1 tablespoon unsweetened cocoa powder | INSTRUCTIONS: Season chicken all over with salt and pepper. Place in a large bowl and add yellow onion, carrot, thyme, bay leaves, and wine. Cover and chill, turning chicken once or twice, at least 1 day and up to 2 days. Remove chicken from marinade (do not discard) and pat dry with paper towels; pluck off any aromatics still stuck to chicken. Strain marinade through a fine-mesh sieve into a large bowl and set infused wine and aromatics aside separately. Heat 1 Tbsp. oil and 1 Tbsp. butter in a large Dutch oven or other heavy pot over medium. Add bacon and cook, stirring often, until brown and crisp, 5–8 m <END>
INPUT: Indian, skewers, salad, Vegetable oil, orange juice, virgin olive oil, salt, Boston
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pepper and Coriander Scallop Skewers with Tarragon Salad | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: Vegetable oil cooking spray; 2 tablespoons orange juice; 1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil; 1 teaspoon salt; 1 head Boston (or bibb) lettuce, chopped; 2 tangerines, sectioned; 1 cucumber, peeled and thinly sliced; 1/4 cup chopped fresh tarragon; 2 tablespoon all-purpose flour; 2 tablespoon crushed coriander seeds; 1 tablespoon coarsely crushed black peppercorns; 1 1/2 pounds sea scallops; 1 egg white | INSTRUCTIONS: Coat grill with cooking spray; heat on high. Whisk juice, oil and 1/2 teaspoon of the salt in a bowl; set aside. Combine lettuce, tangerines, cucumber and tarragon in another bowl; set aside. Mix flour, coriander and peppercorns on foil. Sprinkle scallops with remaining 1/2 teaspoon salt; dip in egg white. Press scallops into peppercorn mixture; slide lengthwise onto skewers. Grill scallops, turning occasionally, until no longer translucent, about 7 minutes. Remove from skewers. Toss salad greens with dressing and arrange on 4 plates; top with scallops. Coat grill with cooking spray; heat on h <END>
INPUT: Mexican, chile, turkey thighs skin, garlic, Salt, chili powder, cumin
OUTPUT: TITLE: Garlic-Chile Grilled Turkey Thighs | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2 1/2 to 3 pounds turkey thighs with skin and bones; 4 large garlic cloves; Salt; 1 tablespoon chili powder; 1 teaspoon ground cumin; 3 tablespoons olive oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Pull off turkey skin and freeze in a small resealable plastic bag. (You can use the skin to make cracklings for our Shredded Kale Salad with Turkey Skin Cracklings. ) Cut out the thigh bone from each thigh and save in another resealable plastic bag in the freezer for a future stock. Mash garlic to a paste with 2 teaspoons salt in a mortar and pestle or mince and mash to a paste with a heavy knife. Whisk together the paste with the chili powder, cumin, and olive oil and spread it all over the thighs in a baking dish. Cover the dish and marinate the thighs, chilled, at least 2 hours. Prepare gri <END>
INPUT: cookies, all purpose flour, baking soda, salt, light butter, yogurt cheese
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate Chip Cookies | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups all-purpose flour; 1 teaspoon baking soda; 1 teaspoon salt; 4 tablespoons light butter; 4 ounces yogurt cheese, recipe follows; 3/4 cup sugar substitute (recommended: Splenda); 1 recipe Sugar Substitute Brown Sugar, recipe follows; 2 eggs; 2 egg whites; 2 teaspoons vanilla extract; 1 cup mini chocolate chips; 1 pint plain yogurt; 1/4 cup sugar free maple syrup; 1 cup sugar substitute (recommended: Splenda) | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: Cheesecloth Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line 2 sheet pans with a silicone baking mat or parchment paper and set aside. Alternatively, you can do this in 2 batches. Sift flour, baking soda, and salt together and set aside. In the bowl of an electric mixer, cream butter, yogurt cheese, and sugar substitutes until smooth. Reduce mixer speed to low and add the eggs, egg whites, and vanilla and blend until incorporated. With mixer still on low speed, add flour mixture and blend until incorporated. Fold in chocolate chips. Drop batter, in 1 tablespoon-size balls, onto the p <END>
INPUT: Italian, olive oil, butter, shallots, garlic, risotto
OUTPUT: TITLE: Shrimp and Scallop Risotto | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup olive oil; 3 tablespoons butter; 2 large shallots, finely chopped; 6 cloves garlic, finely chopped; 1 pound bag risotto; 2 1/8 cups dry vermouth; 16 cups clam broth; 1 red pepper, finely chopped; 1 green pepper, finely chopped; 1 yellow pepper, finely chopped; 1 jalapeno, finely diced; 1 cup packed fresh dill, chopped; 1 cup chopped packed fresh parsley leaves; 1 pound fresh bay scallops; 1 pound shrimp, shelled, de-veined | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat the olive oil and butter. Add shallots and garlic and lightly saute for approximately 1 minute. Add the risotto and stir to coat in the mixture. Add vermouth. Slowly add 2 cups of clam broth at a time, stirring constantly. Do not stop stirring while adding clam broth, scraping bottom to prevent sticking. Toward last 2 cups of clam broth, add all remaining ingredients except seafood and cheese, still stirring constantly. After 40 minutes of constant stirring, when risotto reaches a creamy consistency, add shrimp and scallops. Cook over low heat for 5 minutes, add cheese. Cover and let stan <END>
INPUT: syrup, pomegranate seeds, orange, sugar, lemon juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pomegranate-Orange Syrup | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 cups pomegranate seeds; 1 orange; 1/2 cup sugar; 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice | INSTRUCTIONS: Purée pomegranate seeds in a blender. Strain through a fine-mesh sieve lined with cheesecloth, wringing to release juice. Using a peeler, remove peel from orange. Simmer orange peel, pomegranate juice, and sugar until reduced by half, 15–20 minutes. Mix in lemon juice. Strain again, if desired. Purée pomegranate seeds in a blender. Strain through a fine-mesh sieve lined with cheesecloth, wringing to release juice. Using a peeler, remove peel from orange. Simmer orange peel, pomegranate juice, and sugar until reduced by half, 15–20 minutes. Mix in lemon juice. Strain again, if desired. <END>
INPUT: Asian, leaf, Asian short grain, Chinese mushrooms shiitake, boiling hot water, scallions, links Chinese sweet
OUTPUT: TITLE: Smoked-Oyster Sticky Rice Stuffing in Lotus Leaf | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 3 cups Asian short-grain sticky ("sweet") rice (1 pound 6 ounces); 12 Chinese dried black mushrooms or dried shiitake mushrooms (1 1/2 inches in diameter; 3 ounces); 2 cups boiling-hot water; 2 bunches scallions; 4 links Chinese sweet sausage (also called lop chong); 1/2 cup Chinese rice wine, such as Shaoxing, or medium-dry Sherry; 2 tablespoons soy sauce; 1 tablespoon sugar; 1 tablespoon Asian sesame oil; 3 dried lotus leaves (optional); 1 tablespoon peanut or vegetable oil; 1/4 cup pine nuts (1 ounce); 1 tablespoon finely chopped peeled ginger; 2 (3-ounce) cans smoked oysters (about 1 cup), drained and coarsely chopped; Equipment: a 10-inch (5-cup) deep-dish pie plate; a well-seasoned 14-inch flat-bottomed wok with a lid; 2 small metal or bamboo skewers; a collapsible | INSTRUCTIONS: Cover rice generously with cold water in a large bowl and soak at least 2 hours and up to 12 hours. Drain in a medium-mesh sieve and rinse well under cold running water. Soak mushrooms in boiling-hot water (2 cups) in a medium bowl, turning mushrooms over occasionally, until softened, about 1 hour. Lift out mushrooms, squeezing excess liquid back into bowl. Cut out and discard stems, then thinly slice caps. Reserve 1 cup mushroom-soaking liquid and discard remainder. Chop scallions, keeping pale green and white parts separate from dark green parts. Quarter sausages lengthwise, then cut into 1/ <END>
INPUT: roast, sauce, trimmed beef tenderloin, coarse kosher salt, shallots, Cognac brandy
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roast Beef Tenderloin with Port Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 4- to 5-pound trimmed whole beef tenderloin, tail end tucked under, tied every 3 inches; 2 teaspoons coarse kosher salt; 4 tablespoons (1/2 stick) chilled unsalted butter, divided; 1/4 cup finely chopped shallots; 3 tablespoons Cognac or brandy; 1 fresh rosemary sprig; 1 teaspoon coarsely cracked black pepper; 1 cup ruby or tawny Port; Simple Homemade Beef Stock; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 2 tablespoons black peppercorns, coarsely cracked in mortar with pestle or in resealable plastic bag with mallet | INSTRUCTIONS: For beef: Sprinkle entire surface of beef tenderloin with coarse kosher salt. Place beef on rack set over large rimmed baking sheet. Refrigerate uncovered at least 24 hours and up to 36 hours. Sprinkle entire surface of beef tenderloin with coarse kosher salt. Place beef on rack set over large rimmed baking sheet. Refrigerate uncovered at least 24 hours and up to 36 hours. For sauce: Melt 2 tablespoons butter in large saucepan over medium-low heat. Add shallots; sauté until soft, 3 minutes. Add Cognac, rosemary, and 1 teaspoon cracked pepper and cook until liquid evaporates, 1 minute. Add Port <END>
INPUT: wine, thyme, lemon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Whole Grilled Bluefish | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 whole, cleaned and gutted bluefish, about 5 pounds; 1 cup white wine; 1 bunch thyme; 1 lemon, sliced into 1/4 inch thick rounds; 4 whole, peeled cloves of garlic; Olive oil; Salt; Pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Place bluefish in a shallow pan and pour the wine over the fish. Rub the fish well with the wine and let sit for 10 minutes. Remove the fish from the wine. Place whole thyme, lemon slices and garlic into the belly of the fish. Rub the fish all over with olive oil. Season well with salt and pepper. Place the fish on a grill over medium heat. Grill for about 10 minutes per side, or until the flesh is no longer translucent. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, bubba, tiny, butter, chocolate wafer cookie, sugar, condensed milk, key lime juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Bubba's Tiny Chocolate Key Lime Pies | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 sticks butter, melted, plus more for greasing pans; 2 cups chocolate wafer cookie crumbs; 3/4 cup sugar; One 14-ounce can sweetened condensed milk; 1/4 cup freshly squeezed key lime juice or juice of regular limes; 3 egg yolks, lightly beaten; 2 key limes or 1 regular lime, zest finely grated; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; Pinch salt; Paula's Sweetened Whipped cream, for garnish, recipe follows; Milk chocolate curls, for garnish; 1 cup heavy cream; 1/4 cup confectioners sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Lightly brush 30 cups of mini-muffin pans with melted butter. Fill the unused cups halfway up with water. In a medium bowl, combine the cookie crumbs, melted butter, and sugar. Press about 1 tablespoon of the cookie mixture into each mini-muffin cup, making sure there are no cracks. Bake for 8 to 10 minutes. In a large bowl, whisk together the condensed milk, key lime juice, egg yolks, lime zest, vanilla extract and salt. Spoon 1 even tablespoon of filling into each warm crust. Bake the pies until the filling is set, about 12 minutes. Transfer the muffin pans <END>
INPUT: Indian, hurry, each coriander seeds, basmati rice, vegetable canola oil, chicken breast tenders, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken Curry in a Hurry | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 1 teaspoon each coriander seeds, cumin seeds, mustard seeds; 2 cups basmati rice, prepared according to package directions; 3 tablespoons vegetable or canola oil, 3 turns of the pan; 1 1/3 to 1 1/2 pounds chicken breast tenders, diced; 2 to 4 cloves garlic, minced, mild to extra spicy; 1 to 2 inches fresh ginger root, minced or grated, mild to extra spicy; 1 large yellow skinned onion, peeled and chopped; 1 can chicken broth, about 2 cups; 2 tablespoons curry paste, mild or hot; 1/3 to 1/2 cup mincemeat; Coarse salt; 2 tablespoons flour; 4 scallions, chopped; 1 cup toasted coconut; 1/2 cup sliced almonds or Spanish peanuts | INSTRUCTIONS: Prepare rice to package directions. For spicy rice, toast coriander, cumin and mustard seeds in the bottom of a medium saucepan in 1 tablespoon of extra-virgin olive oil. When seeds pop and you can smell seasonings, add water and prepare rice as directed. Heat 2 tablespoons of extra-virgin olive oil in a large, deep nonstick skillet over medium high heat. Add chicken and lightly brown. Remove chicken. To same pan, add garlic, ginger and onions and saute together for 3 to 5 minutes. Add flour and cook 1 to 2 minutes. Add chicken broth to the pan and bring to a bubble. Add curry paste and mincem <END>
INPUT: boys, sized oysters, shrimp, buttermilk, hot sauce, fine cornmeal
OUTPUT: TITLE: Shrimp and Oyster Po' Boys | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 24 medium-sized oysters, shucked; 1 1/2 pounds medium shrimp, peeled and deveined; 2 cups buttermilk; 2 tablespoons hot sauce, plus more for sandwich; 2 cups fine ground cornmeal; 1 1/2 tablespoons onion powder; 1 1/2 tablespoons garlic powder; 1 1/2 teaspoons smoked paprika; Pinch cayenne; Peanut oil, for deep-frying; Kosher salt; 2 soft sub or hoagie rolls; Creole Mayonnaise, recipe follows; Finely shredded iceberg lettuce; Tomato slices | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. In a large bowl, soak the oysters and shrimp in a mixture of buttermilk and hot sauce for 20 to 30 minutes. In a shallow dish, whisk, together the cornmeal, onion powder, garlic powder, paprika and cayenne. In a deep-fryer or heavy-bottomed pot, heat enough oil to come halfway up the sides of the pot, to 375 degrees F. Drain the oysters and shrimp and toss them in the seasoned cornmeal. Working in batches, fry the oysters and shrimp until golden and crispy, about 3 minutes. Remove with a slotted spoon and drain on paper towels. Season with salt, to taste. Split t <END>
INPUT: Indian, sloppy, joes, cumin seeds, fennel seeds, peppercorns, coriander seeds
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pork Belly Sloppy Joes | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup cumin seeds; 1/4 cup fennel seeds; 2 tablespoons plus 2 teaspoons black peppercorns; 2 tablespoons coriander seeds; 1 tablespoon plus 1 teaspoon whole cloves; 2 teaspoons white peppercorns; 4 cinnamon sticks; 4 pieces star anise; 1 cup salt; 2/3 cup sugar; 3 sides pork belly; 5 ounces garlic cloves, peeled; 5 large carrots, cut into thirds; 4 onions, quartered; 1 bunch celery, ribs quartered | INSTRUCTIONS: For the pork belly rub: Two to three days before cooking, prepare the pork belly rub. Toast the cumin seeds, fennel seeds, black peppercorns, coriander seeds, cloves, white peppercorns, cinnamon sticks and star anise in a dry pan until fragrant, and then grind in a spice grinder. Put the mixture into a medium bowl, add the salt and sugar and mix well. For the pork belly: Rub the pork belly thoroughly with the rub and refrigerate for 2 to 3 days. Wash the rub off the pork belly and cut each into 6 squares. Put the garlic, carrots, onions and celery in a large pan. Place the belly pieces on top  <END>
INPUT: salad, vinaigrette, shallots, sherry vinegar, olive oil, Salt pepper, almonds
OUTPUT: TITLE: Endive Salad with Toasted Almond Vinaigrette | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon minced shallots; 3 tablespoons sherry vinegar; 4 tablespoons olive oil; Salt and pepper; 1/4 cup whole almonds, toasted and finely chopped; 6 cups bite-size pieces curly endive | INSTRUCTIONS: Whisk shallots and vinegar in a medium bowl and season with salt and pepper. Gradually whisk in olive oil. Whisk in almonds. Re-season with salt and pepper. Toss endive in a large bowl with enough dressing to coat. <END>
INPUT: American, custard, Basic Pie Crust, milk, sugar, solid pack pumpkin, sour cream
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pumpkin-Sour Cream Custard Pie | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 Basic Pie Crust; 1 tablespoon milk; 1 tablespoon plus 1/2 cup sugar; 1 16-ounce can solid pack pumpkin; 1 cup sour cream; 1/2 cup whipping cream; 1/2 cup (packed) golden brown sugar; 2 large eggs; 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1 teaspoon ground ginger; 1/4 teaspoon ground nutmeg; 1/4 teaspoon ground cloves; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 1 cup chilled whipping cream; 1/3 cup powdered sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: Position rack in bottom third of oven and preheat to 350° F. Roll out pie crust disk on lightly floured surface to 14-inch round. Transfer dough to 9-inch-diameter glass pie dish. Trim overhang to 1/2 inch; reserve dough scraps. Fold edge of crust under. Crimp edge decoratively, forming high-standing rim. Place crust in freezer for 15 minutes. Line crust with foil. Fill with dried beans or pie weights. Bake until sides are just set, about 15 minutes. Remove foil and beans and bake until crust is pale golden, piercing with fork if crust bubbles, about 12 minutes. Transfer to rack; cool. Maintai <END>
INPUT: fries, salt, sweet potatoes, olive oil, sugar, cayenne pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Sweet Potato Fries | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 teaspoons salt, plus more for seasoning water; 2 large sweet potatoes, washed; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 3 tablespoons brown sugar; 1 teaspoon cayenne pepper, plus more if desired; 1 1/2 teaspoons freshly grated black pepper; 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1/4 teaspoon ground cloves | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat a grill to medium-high heat and oil the grates. In a large pot, add the sweet potatoes and cover with cold salted water. Bring them to a boil over medium heat. Lower the heat and simmer until you can pierce each potato with a paring knife and there is little to no resistance, approximately 25 to 30 minutes. Do not overcook. Transfer the sweet potatoes to a large bowl of cold water to halt their cooking process. Once the potatoes are cool, drain well. Peel the potatoes and cut them lengthwise into thick wedges, about 6 wedges per potato. Put the potatoes i <END>
INPUT: scarpariello, bell peppers, garlic, rosemary, virgin olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pork Chops Scarpariello | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 red bell peppers; 5 garlic cloves, finely chopped, divided; 1 teaspoon finely chopped rosemary; 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, divided; 4 (1-inch-thick) bone-in pork chops (2 pounds total); 1 medium onion, chopped; 4 fresh red or green cherry peppers or 2 fresh red jalapeños (1/4 pounds total), finely chopped; 1/2 cup dry white wine; 1/2 cup reduced-sodium chicken broth; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1 teaspoon fresh lemon juice; 1/4 cup coarsely chopped flat-leaf parsley | INSTRUCTIONS: Roast bell peppers on racks of gas burners over high heat (or on rack of a broiler pan about 2 inches from heat), turning with tongs, until skins are blackened, 10 to 12 minutes. Transfer to a large bowl and tightly cover with plastic wrap. Let stand, covered, 20 minutes. Peel, then halve lengthwise, discarding stems and seeds. Cut peppers into 1-inch pieces. While peppers stand, mince and mash half of garlic to a paste with 3/4 teaspoon salt. Combine with rosemary, 1 tablespoon oil, and 1/2 teaspoon pepper. Rub onto chops. Heat remaining 2 tablespoons oil in a large heavy nonstick skillet ove <END>
INPUT: glaze, turkey, Olive oil, Kosher salt pepper, hot pepper jelly, unseasoned rice vinegar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Smoked Turkey with Hot Pepper Jelly Glaze | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 14- to 16-pound turkey, neck and giblets reserved for another use, turkey brined if desired; Olive oil; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 12 ounces hot pepper jelly, preferably homemade; 2 tablespoons unseasoned rice vinegar, plus more to taste; Pinch kosher salt, plus more to taste; Pinch crushed red pepper flakes, plus more to taste, optional; Gas or charcoal grill, small disposable aluminum pan, 2 cups wood chips or chunks, plus more if desired, soaked in cold water for 30 minutes (if using | INSTRUCTIONS: Gas Grill Set-Up: Using wood chips in a gas grill is very easy but takes a little planning. If your grill has a smoker attachment, follow the manufacturer's instructions and fill it with wood chips that have been soaked in water or other non-flammable liquid for 30 minutes. If you don't have a smoker box, follow these simple instructions: Fill a small disposable aluminum pan with soaked wood chips, remove the cooking grate, and place the pan in the upper left corner of the grill, or at the spot where all the burners come together. The pan of wood chips will be resting directly on the ceramic b <END>
INPUT: scallopine, milanese, turkey breast halves, Sea salt, pepper, Mustard Cranberry Sauce, fine bread crumbs
OUTPUT: TITLE: Turkey Scallopine Milanese with Mustard Cranberry Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 turkey breast halves; Sea salt, preferably gray salt; Freshly ground black pepper; 2 cups Mustard Cranberry Sauce, recipe follows; 1 1/2 cups fine dried bread crumbs; 1/2 cup freshly grated Parmesan; 2 tablespoons minced fresh flat-leaf Italian parsley; 1 teaspoon sea salt, preferably gray salt; Several grinds black pepper; 1 tablespoon olive oil; 1/2 cup unbleached all-purpose flour; 2 eggs; Olive oil, for frying; 1/4 pound arugula (about 8 cups); Extra-virgin olive oil | INSTRUCTIONS: With a meat mallet or a rolling pin, pound the turkey between sheets of plastic wrap to 1/8-inch thickness. Season with salt and pepper and press the seasonings into the meat with your fingers. Make the coating: Combine the bread crumbs, Parmesan cheese, parsley, salt, and pepper in a small bowl. Work in the olive oil by hand, then spread the mixture on a dinner plate. Spread the flour on another dinner plate. Break the eggs into a shallow bowl and beat lightly. Dip the turkey in the flour, coating both sides and shaking off the excess. Then dip in the egg, letting any excess drip back into th <END>
INPUT: Mexican, kaffir, sauce, lamb racks, canola oil, garlic, ginger, Thai bird chiles
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Lamb Loin with Kaffir Lime Peanut Sauce and Gado Gado Salad | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 4 lamb racks, loin taken off the bone, silver skin removed; 1 cup canola oil; 8 cloves garlic; 4 slices ginger; 4 Thai bird chiles; 6 shallots; 1/4 cup fresh lime juice; Salt and black pepper to taste; 1 1/2 cups roasted peanuts; 1/4 cup fried shallots; 2 cloves garlic; 5 Thai bird chiles; 1 tablespoon minced galangal; 1 tablespoon sugar; 1 teaspoon kosher salt | INSTRUCTIONS: In a food processor, puree canola oil, garlic, ginger, chiles, shallots and lime juice and marinate lamb for at least 6 hours refrigerated, preferably overnight. Grill until done, medium rare, 140 degrees internal temperature. KAFFIR LIME-PEANUT SAUCE: In a food processor, combine all. Add water. Check for seasoning. Cook slowly, about 30 minutes, until sauce consistency is achieved. GADO-GADO SALAD: In a large bowl toss with sauce. Check for seasoning. Garnish with Thai basil leaves. <END>
INPUT: cook, strawberry, strawberries, sugar, lemon juice, salt, heavy cream
OUTPUT: TITLE: Perfect No-Cook Strawberry Ice Cream | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound strawberries, trimmed, halved if large; 3/4 cup sugar; 3/4 teaspoon fresh lemon juice; 1/8 teaspoon salt; 2 cups heavy cream; Equipment: an ice cream maker | INSTRUCTIONS: Coarsely mash strawberries with sugar, lemon juice, and salt using a potato masher in a large bowl. Let stand, stirring and mashing occasionally, 10 minutes. Transfer half of strawberry mixture to a blender and purée with cream until smooth. Return strawberry cream to bowl with remaining strawberries and chill, stirring occasionally, until very cold, 3 to 6 hours. Freeze mixture in ice cream maker. Transfer to an airtight container and put in freezer to firm up. Coarsely mash strawberries with sugar, lemon juice, and salt using a potato masher in a large bowl. Let stand, stirring and mashing o <END>
INPUT: Mexican, cakes, diablo, vegetable oil, shallots, garlic, habanero chilies, cumin seed
OUTPUT: TITLE: Smoked Corn Cakes with Diablo Sauce | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon vegetable oil; 3 shallots, chopped; 3 garlic cloves, chopped; 3 habanero chilies, chopped; 1 teaspoon cumin seed; 1 tablespoon grated ginger; 2 red bell peppers, chopped; 1/2 mango; 1 cup chicken stock; Lime juice and salt to taste; 1 ear sweet corn; 1 small clove garlic, minced; 1 serrano chili, seeded, ribs removed, and finely chopped; 1 tablespoon finely diced red bell pepper; 1 tablespoon finely diced yellow bell pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: To make sauce, heat oil in a heavy bottomed skillet until lightly smoking. Saute shallots and garlic until light brown. Add chilies, cumin, ginger, and red peppers. Stir about 30 seconds. Add mango and chicken stock. Simmer about 20 minutes. Puree and season with salt and lime juice. Sauce may be used hot or cold. For pancakes, shuck corn, remove silk, and cut kernels from cob. Place in smoker for 8 minutes. In a medium bowl, combine smoked corn, garlic, serrano chili, and bell peppers. In another bowl, mix cornmeal, flour, baking powder, and salt. Combine egg, milk, and bacon grease. Add vege <END>
INPUT: Italian, petal, salad, pink shallot, garlic, handfuls flat leaf, Parmesan wedge, Lemon zest juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Parsley and Parmesan Petal Salad | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 pink shallot; 1 clove garlic; 3 large handfuls fresh flat-leaf parsley leaves; Parmesan wedge; Lemon zest and juice; Olive oil; Salt and pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Mince the shallot and garlic and put in a large bowl. Add the parsley. Shave the Parmesan over the bowl using a vegetable peeler. Grate over a little lemon zest and add a squeeze of juice. Drizzle with olive oil. Season with salt and pepper, and taste. Correct the seasonings and serve. <END>
INPUT: very bananas, creamy peanut butter, grape jelly
OUTPUT: TITLE: Peanut Butter, Banana, and Jelly "Ice Cream" | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 large very ripe bananas; 6 tablespoons creamy peanut butter; 1/4 cup grape jelly | INSTRUCTIONS: Cut bananas into 1/2" slices. Arrange in a single layer on a large plate or rimmed baking sheet. Freeze until firm, about 1 1/2 hours. Purée banana slices in a food processor, scraping down bowl as needed, until mixture becomes creamy, about 3 minutes. Add peanut butter and 3 Tbsp. water; purée until smooth, about 2 minutes more. Drizzle jelly over banana mixture, then pulse a few more times to just incorporate jelly and create a speckled appearance. Divide ice cream among serving bowls and serve immediately. Cut bananas into 1/2" slices. Arrange in a single layer on a large plate or rimmed ba <END>
INPUT: Indian, bengali, fish, turmeric, pepper, cayenne pepper, caraway seeds, tilapia fillets
OUTPUT: TITLE: Bengali-Style Fish in Yogurt Curry | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 teaspoon ground turmeric; 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 1/2 teaspoon cayenne pepper; 1/2 teaspoon caraway seeds; 1 pound tilapia fillets, cut into 1- to 2-inch pieces; 1 cup plain, lowfat yogurt; 1 tablespoon all-purpose flour; 5 tablespoons vegetable oil; 1 tablespoon black mustard seeds; 1 medium red onion, finely chopped; 1 tablespoon finely chopped garlic; 1 tablespoon curry powder; 1 1/4 cups heavy cream; Salt; 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh cilantro, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. Mix together the turmeric, black pepper, cayenne pepper, and caraway seeds. Add the tilapia pieces and toss to coat. Cover and let sit for 30 minutes in the refrigerator. 2. In a blender, combine the yogurt and flour and set aside. Heat 3 tablespoons of the oil in a medium skillet over medium-high heat. Add the mustard seeds and cook, stirring, until sputtering and fragrant, about 1 minute. Add the onion and cook, stirring, until translucent, about 3 minutes. Add the garlic and curry powder and cook for another 2 minutes. Add the cream and the yogurt mixture and bring to a simmer. Reduce th <END>
INPUT: Mexican, ceviche, garlic, ginger, soy sauce, lime juice, cilantro
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tuna Ceviche | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 teaspoon chopped garlic; 1 teaspoon chopped ginger; 1/2 cup soy sauce; 1/4 cup fresh lime juice; 2 tablespoons chopped cilantro; 1 pound sashimi quality yellowfin tuna; 1/2 teaspoon aji amarillo*; 1/2 rocoto pepper puree*; *available in Latin American specialty stores | INSTRUCTIONS: In a blender, puree until smooth the garlic, ginger, soy sauce, and lime juice. Remove to a bowl and mix in the cilantro. Slice the tuna into thin, 1-inch long pieces. Place tuna on a serving platter and spoon soy sauce mixture over each slice. Dot each piece with each of the purees, aji amarillo, and rocoto pepper. <END>
INPUT: citrus, salad, each grapefruits, lemons, limes, grand Marnier, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Citrus Salad with Mint Sugar | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 7 each of grapefruits, navel oranges, tangerines, and clementines; 2 lemons; 2 limes; 2 tablespoons grand Marnier (optional); 1/4 cup sugar; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh mint; 8 kumquats,thinly sliced (optional) | INSTRUCTIONS: Cut peel and white pith from all fruit except kumquats. Slice clementines crosswise into 1/4" slices. Cut between membranes of remaining peeled fruit to release segments. Mix fruits in a large bowl. Add Grand Marnier, if using; toss gently to incorporate. DO AHEAD: Can be made 1 day ahead. Cover and chill. Combine sugar and mint in a small food processor. Pulse until mint is finely chopped. Transfer fruit to a large bowl, scatter kumquat slices over, if using, and sprinkle salad with 2 Tbsp. mint sugar. Serve remaining mint sugar alongside. Cut peel and white pith from all fruit except kumquat <END>
INPUT: Mexican, saute, breasts, Salt, Oriental sesame oil, Half lime lemon, coconut milk
OUTPUT: TITLE: Saute of Chicken Breasts with Coconut Milk and Herbs | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2 boneless, skinless chicken breast halves, tenderloins separated; Salt; 1 tablespoon Oriental sesame oil; Half a lime or lemon, seeds removed; 1/3 cup coconut milk; 1 small scallion (green onion), trimmed and finely sliced; 1/4 cup chopped cilantro; Dried red pepper flakes | INSTRUCTIONS: Between sheets of plastic wrap pound the thicker side of the breast to make it overall more even in thickness and season lightly with salt. Heat the sesame oil in a skillet over moderate heat. Add the chicken breasts and tenderloins. Saute the chicken without disturbing the pieces for 4 to 5 minutes. You'll know to turn the chicken over when the top looks opaque (tenderloins may take only 2 to 3 minutes per side). Turn the chicken over to the other side and saute, undisturbed again for another 4 to 5 minutes or until the interior is cooked through. Remove the chicken to a plate and discard the <END>
INPUT: truffles cepes, Salt, pepper, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Loin of Pork Stuffed with Cepes or Truffles | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 (4 pound) loin of pork; 3 truffles or 2 ounces dried cepes (porcinis); Salt; Freshly ground black pepper; Cloves garlic, thinly sliced; 3/4 pint (1 1/2 cups) hot meat stock or water; 1/4 pint (1/2 cup) white wine | INSTRUCTIONS: Ask your butcher to bone the loin and remove the rind, but keep both bones and the rind for the cooking. If you are using dried cepes, cover them with warm water and leave to soak for 30 minutes or until they are soft. Drain, reserving the liquid. Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Lay the meat on a board and season well with salt and pepper. Cut the truffles or cepes into little pieces and lay at intervals along the meat interspersed with slivers of garlic. Roll the meat up and tie it with string into a long bolster shape. Place it in a roasting pan surrounded by the bones and the rind cut in <END>
INPUT: Mexican, shrimp, green, grain rice, chicken broth, loosely cilantro, onion, Dijon mustard
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spicy Chipotle Shrimp with Jalapeno Green Rice | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups medium-grain rice; 1 1/2 cups chicken broth; 1 cup loosely packed fresh cilantro, chopped; 1 small onion, chopped; 3 tablespoons Dijon mustard; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1 to 2 jalapenos, seeded and chopped; 2 cloves garlic, chopped; Salt; Zest of 1 lime; One 15-ounce can crushed fire-roasted tomatoes; 2 chipotle chiles in adobo sauce; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 3 cloves garlic; Salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: An immersion blender For the rice: Combine the rice and enough cold water to cover by 1 inch; let soak 30 minutes. Meanwhile, in a medium saucepan, stir together the chicken broth, cilantro, onion, mustard, oil, jalapeno(s), garlic, 3/4 teaspoon salt and 3/4 cup water; bring to a boil over medium-high heat. Using an immersion blender, blend until finely chopped. Drain the rice. Return the broth mixture to a boil and stir in the rice. Cover tightly and simmer over medium-low heat until the rice is tender, about 15 minutes. Remove the pan from the heat and let the rice stand,  <END>
INPUT: sauce, unsalted butter, shallots, garlic, ginger, lemon grass
OUTPUT: TITLE: Jumbo Shrimp with Sugar Cane Logs and Mango Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 2 shallots sliced thin; 1 tablespoon fresh garlic, chopped; 1 tablespoon fresh ginger, chopped; 1 /2 stalk lemon grass; 1 cup chicken stock; 1 1/2 tablespoons raspberry vinegar; 1/2 large mango, peeled and chopped; 2 tablespoons sugar; Salt and freshly ground black pepper to taste; 16 jumbo shrimp; 5 logs of sugar cane, cut into 4 to 6 inch sections and halved; Blanched leeks; 1 tablespoon butter; 1 tablespoon vegetable oil | INSTRUCTIONS: In a medium-size saute pan over medium-high heat, melt the butter and sweat the shallots, garlic, ginger, and lemon grass. Saute 1 to 2 minutes stirring constantly. Add the chicken stock, vinegar, mango, and sugar. Bring to a boil and reduce to 1/2 the original volume. Transfer the mixture to a blender and puree. Strain the mango puree over a saucepot through a fine sieve. Season with salt and freshly ground pepper to taste. Assemble the shrimp in between 2 pieces of sugar cane and tie the logs sandwiching the shrimp with blanched leeks. Saute the shrimp in a large saute pan with 1 tablespoon  <END>
INPUT: pudding, vanilla bean, milk, heavy cream, sugar, Valrhona bittersweet chocolate
OUTPUT: TITLE: Valrhona Chocolate Pudding | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 vanilla bean, halved lengthwise; 1 1/2 cups whole milk; 1/2 cup heavy cream; 1/3 cup sugar; 4 1/2 oz Valrhona bittersweet chocolate (61%), finely chopped; 5 large egg yolks; Special equipment: 6 (4-oz) ramekins | INSTRUCTIONS: Put oven rack in middle position and preheat oven to 275°F. Scrape seeds from vanilla bean into a 2- to 3-quart heavy saucepan with tip of a paring knife, then add pod, milk, cream, and sugar and bring just to a boil, stirring until sugar is dissolved. Add chocolate and cook over moderately high heat, stirring gently with a whisk, until chocolate is melted and mixture just boils. Remove from heat. Pour mixture into a metal bowl. Set bowl in a larger bowl of ice and cold water and cool to room temperature, stirring occasionally, about 5 minutes. Whisk in yolks, then pour through a fine-mesh sie <END>
INPUT: brined, salt, sugar, vegetable stock, apple cider vinegar, pickling spice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Brined Smoked Turkey | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup salt; 1 cup brown sugar; 2 gallons vegetable stock; 2 cups apple cider vinegar; 3 tablespoons pickling spice; 1 onion, quartered; 1 carrot, chopped into 2-inch pieces; 1 tablespoon whole peppercorns; 4 bay leaves; 1 (10 pound) bag of ice; 2 gallons cold water; 16 to 18 pound turkey; 2 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce; 4 tablespoon kitchen bouquet browning sauce; 2 tablespoons salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Mix salt, brown sugar, vegetable stock, apple cider vinegar, pickling spice, onion, carrot, peppercorns and bay leaves in a stockpot and bring to a boil until sugar and salt is well dissolved. Remove from heat and cool. In large pot or ice chest, add stockpot mixture to ice and cold water. Submerge turkey. Brine for 4 to 6 hours. Remove turkey from brine and dry well. Combine Worcestershire sauce and kitchen bouquet browning sauce together and brush on skin of turkey. Rub salt, pepper and paprika onto turkey skin. Stuff inside of turkey with orange quarters and tie legs together. Smoke turkey  <END>
INPUT: blondies, Crisco® Original No, butter, eggs, pecans
OUTPUT: TITLE: Butterscotch Blondies | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Crisco® Original No-Stick Cooking Spray; 1 (18.25 oz.) package Pillsbury® Yellow Cake; 1/3 cup butter, softened; 3 large eggs; 1 cup chopped pecans, toasted*; 1 cup (6 oz.) butterscotch-flavored chips; 1 (14 oz.) can Eagle Brand® Sweetened Condensed Milk; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract | INSTRUCTIONS: HEAT oven to 350 degrees F. Spray a 13 x 9-inch baking pan with no-stick cooking spray. COMBINE cake mix, butter and 1 egg in large bowl; beat at medium speed of electric mixer until mixture resembles coarse crumbs. Press evenly into prepared pan. BAKE 15 minutes. Remove from oven; sprinkle with pecans and butterscotch chips. BEAT sweetened condensed milk, remaining 2 eggs and vanilla in small bowl. Pour evenly over chips. BAKE an additional 25 to 30 minutes or until center is set. Cool thoroughly. Cut into bars. *To toast pecans: Place pecans in dry nonstick skillet; cook over medium heat, sh <END>
INPUT: Asian, stir, bok choy, vegetable oil, garlic, Savoy Napa cabbage, Asian sesame oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Stir-Fried Bok Choy and Cabbage | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound bok choy; 3 tablespoons vegetable oil; 3 garlic cloves, finely chopped; 1 pound Savoy or Napa cabbage, cored and thinly sliced; 1/2 teaspoon Asian sesame oil; 1 teaspoon sesame seeds, toasted | INSTRUCTIONS: Trim 1/8 inch from bottom of bok choy, then quarter lengthwise and thinly slice crosswise. Heat a 14-inch flat-bottomed wok or 12-inch heavy skillet over high heat until a drop of water evaporates instantly. Pour vegetable oil down side of wok, swirling to coat sides. Add garlic and stir-fry 10 seconds. Add cabbage and 1/4 teaspoon salt and stir-fry 3 minutes. Add bok choy and stir-fry until ribs are crisp-tender, about 4 minutes. Serve drizzled with sesame oil and sprinkled with sesame seeds. Trim 1/8 inch from bottom of bok choy, then quarter lengthwise and thinly slice crosswise. Heat a 14- <END>
INPUT: Canola oil, fennel seed, pepper flakes, pork, Garlic powder
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Pizza | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Canola oil, for frying; 1/2 teaspoon fennel seed; Red pepper flakes; 1 pound ground pork; Garlic powder; Onion powder; Paprika; Cayenne pepper; Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh parsley leaves, plus more for garnish; 1 store-bought pizza dough; 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1 jar favorite pizza sauce; 2 cups grated mozzarella cheese | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Special equipment: 3-inch biscuit cutter Preheat the grill over medium heat. Coat a large saute pan over medium heat with canola oil. Add the fennel seeds, red pepper flakes, to taste, and the pork, and brown for about 3 minutes. Add garlic powder, onion powder, paprika, cayenne pepper, and salt and pepper, to taste. Cook for a few more minutes, then stir in the parsley. Stretch out the dough to make it wider. On a floured surface, roll the dough into a thin disk. Using a biscuit cutter, cut out circles and brush 1 side with olive oil. Season with salt and pepper <END>
INPUT: rolls, cream cheese, Cheddar cheese, jalapeno peppers, all purpose flour, water
OUTPUT: TITLE: Jalapeno Spring Rolls | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 8 ounces cream cheese; 2 cups shredded Cheddar cheese; 3 jalapeno peppers, seeded and diced; 1 tablespoon all-purpose flour; 1-ounce water; 8 spring roll wrappers; Peanut oil, for frying | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine the cream cheese, shredded Cheddar, and diced jalapenos with a mixer. Chill the cheese mixture in the refrigerator for 30 minutes. Make a paste by stirring the flour and water together. This will be used to glue the spring roll wrapper closed. Divide the cheese mixture into 8 even pieces. With your hands, roll each piece into a log shape then wrap each in a spring roll wrapper. To roll in the wrapper, lay a wrapper on the counter with 1 corner pointing toward you. Place the cheese log near that corner. Wrap that corner around the cheese and roll the whole thing up until the cheese log  <END>
INPUT: crostini, onion, olive oil, zucchini, garlic, plum tomatoes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Zucchini Crostini | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 small onion, sliced thin; 1/4 cup olive oil; 2 medium zucchini, halved lengthwise and cut crosswise into 1/4-inch-thick slices; 2 garlic cloves, minced; 6 plum tomatoes, peeled, seeded, and cut into 1/4-inch dice; 1 teaspoon fresh thyme leaves, chopped; 1/4 cup dry white wine; 1 loaf Italian or French bread about 3 1/2 inches in diameter, cut diagonally into 1/2-inch-thick slices (about 20); 10 thin slices provolone cheese (about 1/4 pound), halved | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 450°F.. In a large heavy skillet cook onion in oil over moderate heat, stirring occasionally, until soft. Add zucchini and garlic and cook, stirring, until zucchini is barely tender. Add tomatoes and thyme and cook, stirring occasionally, about 2 minutes. Add wine and salt and pepper to taste and simmer until liquid is reduced by about half, about 4 minutes. Remove skillet from heat and cool mixture. On a baking sheet toast bread in middle of oven until pale golden, about 4 minutes. Mound about 2 tablespoons zucchini mixture on each toast and top with a half slice provolone. Ba <END>
INPUT: Mexican, chicken wings, virgin olive oil, Salt pepper, limes, unsalted butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Red Curry-Lime Chicken Wings | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 4 pounds chicken wings, tips removed and discarded, wings separated into two pieces; Extra-virgin olive oil, for drizzling; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 1/2 limes, juiced; 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature; 2 tablespoons coconut milk; 1 tablespoon Thai red curry paste; 1 tablespoon honey; 1 teaspoon soy sauce; Zest of 1 lime; 1 tablespoon fresh cilantro leaves, chopped; 1 tablespoon fresh mint leaves, chopped; 1 tablespoon roasted peanuts, chopped; 1/4 Thai bird chile, sliced into rings | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 475 degrees F. Spread the wings on two large rimmed baking sheets, then drizzle with olive oil, the juice of 1 lime and some salt and pepper, and toss to evenly coat. Bake the wings until browned and crisp, about 40 minutes. In a large bowl, mix the butter with the coconut milk, curry paste, honey, soy sauce, lime zest and the remaining lime juice. Add the wings to the butter and toss to coat. Add the cilantro, mint, peanuts and chiles, then toss to coat. Serve hot. <END>
INPUT: Indian, latkes, bell pepper, cornstarch, garbanzo beans, egg
OUTPUT: TITLE: Yam Latkes with Mustard Seeds and Curry | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups (packed) coarsely grated peeled yams (red-skinned sweet potatoes; about 8 ounces); 1/2 cup chopped red bell pepper; 3 tablespoons cornstarch; 1 15- to 16-ounce can garbanzo beans (chickpeas), well drained; 1 egg; 2 teaspoons curry powder; 1 teaspoon salt; 1/4 cup chopped cilantro; 2 teaspoons mustard seeds; 8 tablespoons (about) vegetable oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine yams and bell pepper in large bowl. Add cornstarch; toss to coat. Puree garbanzo beans in processor to coarse paste. Add egg, curry powder and salt and blend. Transfer mixture to small bowl. Mix in cilantro and mustard seeds. Stir garbanzo mixture into yam mixture. Preheat oven to 325°F. Place baking sheet in oven. Heat 6 tablespoons oil in large skillet over medium heat. Working in batches, drop 1 heaping tablespoon batter per pancake into hot oil. Using back of spoon, spread to 3-inch rounds. Cook until brown, about 3 minutes per side. Transfer to baking sheet in oven. Repeat with re <END>
INPUT: Oil, tomatoes, Kosher salt pepper, all purpose flour, garlic powder
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fried Green Tomatoes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Oil; 4 green tomatoes, cut into 1/4-inch rings; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 3/4 cup all-purpose flour; 1 tablespoon garlic powder; 4 eggs; 2 tablespoons milk; 1 1/2 cups panko bread crumbs; Pinch cayenne pepper; Pinch paprika; Buttermilk Dipping Sauce, recipe follows; 1 cup apple cider; 1 tablespoon brown sugar; 3/4 cup buttermilk; 3/4 cup mayonnaise | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. In a deep-fryer, preheat oil to 350 degrees F. Season tomatoes, on both sides, with salt and pepper. Place flour and garlic powder in a shallow dish. In another shallow dish, beat eggs with the milk. In another dish, mix bread crumbs with cayenne and paprika. Dredge tomatoes through the flour, then the eggs, and then through the bread crumbs. Add only a few pieces to the fryer at a time, so they can cook evenly, about 2 to 3 minutes. Drain on paper towels and serve with Buttermilk Dipping Sauce: In a small saucepan over medium heat, combine the apple cider and br <END>
INPUT: American, harvest, Granny Smith apples, orange, cranberries, raisins, walnuts
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mom's Harvest Apple Pie | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 3 large Granny Smith apples, peeled, cored, and sliced; 1 orange, zested; 1 cup fresh cranberries; 1/3 cup raisins; 1/4 cup walnuts, chopped; 1/4 cup all-purpose flour; 1/2 cup brown sugar; 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1/4 teaspoon ground nutmeg; Pie crust dough, enough for top and bottom (from your own favorite recipe); 1/4 cup half-and-half; Sugar, for sprinkling | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. In a large bowl, combine the sliced apples, orange zest, cranberries, raisins, walnuts, flour, brown sugar, cinnamon, and nutmeg and mix well. Roll out the bottom dough and place it into a 9-inch pan, leaving 1-inch of pie dough hanging over. Pour the pie filling into the crust. Roll out the top dough and cut it with a scalloped pastry wheel into 15 strips. Gently twist the strips 2 or 3 times, beginning with the longest ones, and place them on top of the pie, working outward and in various angles. Gently fold the bottom crust up over the edge of the pie and  <END>
INPUT: build fennel, virgin olive oil, skinned onion, Salt pepper, wine
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cod with Fennel and Onion | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 large build fennel, trimmed of tough tops -- reserving 2 tablespoons of the fronds; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1 medium to large yellow skinned onion, thinly sliced; Salt and pepper; 1 cup white wine; 1 large or 2 medium russet potatoes, peeled and very thinly sliced; 1 cup chicken stock; 1 1/2 to 1 3/4 pounds cod, cut into 4 portions, 6 to 8 ounces each; 1/4 cup chopped flat-leaf parsley, a couple of handfuls; Crusty bread, to pass at table | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat a large, deep skillet over medium high heat and preheat oven to 425 degrees F. Cut tops off the fennel bulb. Reserve a few tablespoons of fronds (lacy dill-like greens) and chop. Quarter the bulb, then cut into each quarter on an angle to remove the core. Thinly slice the fennel. Add extra-virgin olive oil, fennel and onion to the pan and saute them, stirring frequently, 5 minutes. Season with salt. Add wine and reduce by half. Add potatoes to the pan in thin layers, completely covering the fennel and onions, working all the way to the edges of the pan. Pour the stock evenly over the pan. <END>
INPUT: chesapeake, cakes, egg yolk, seafood seasoning, Dijon mustard, lemon zest, lemon juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chesapeake Bay Classic Crab Cakes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 large egg yolk; 1 tablespoon seafood seasoning (recommended: Old Bay Seasoning); 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard; 1/2 teaspoon grated lemon zest; 1 1/2 teaspoons fresh lemon juice; 1 1/2 teaspoons cider vinegar; 1/2 cup peanut or canola oil; 1/4 teaspoon kosher salt; 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 1 tablespoon minced scallions, both white and green parts; 1 pound lump blue crabmeat, drained and picked clean of shell; 4 cups fresh bread crumbs; 1/4 cup chopped parsley leaves; About 4 tablespoons unsalted butter; Red Cocktail Sauce or Green Cocktail Sauce, recipes follow | INSTRUCTIONS: Put the egg yolk, seafood seasoning, mustard, lemon zest and juice, and vinegar in the bowl of a food processor or a blender and process until smooth. Gradually pour in the oil with the machine running until the mixture emulsifies and forms a mayonnaise. Season with the salt and pepper. (Note: this quantity of mayonnaise will not emulsify in the bowl of the largest size food processor. Use a medium size food processor, a mini processor, or a blender.) Transfer the mayonnaise to a bowl and, using a rubber spatula, fold in the scallions and the crabmeat until well combined. Combine the bread cru <END>
INPUT: olive oil, Coarse salt pepper, unsalted butter, sweet potatoes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Sweet Potato Fries | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons olive oil; Coarse salt and coarsely chopped black pepper, for sprinkling the potatoes; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted; 1 1/2 pounds sweet potatoes, scrubbed, left unpeeled, and cut into fries | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 450 degrees F. In a small bowl, whisk together the oil, the butter, and salt and pepper, to taste. Arrange the potato slices, not touching, in rows on an oiled baking sheet. Brush the potatoes with the oil mixture, and roast them in the upper 1/3 of a preheated 450 degree oven, turning them once with a spatula, for 18 to 22 minutes, or until they are golden and crisp. Transfer the potatoes to paper towels to drain, sprinkle them with the coarse salt and pepper to taste, and serve them warm. <END>
INPUT: Italian, marinara, shrimp, garlic, olive oil, salt, Mariner Sauce
OUTPUT: TITLE: Shrimp Marinara | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound large shrimp (16-20); 1 heaping tablespoon finely minced garlic; 3 tablespoons olive oil; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 4 cups Mariner Sauce (see previous recipe); 2 tablespoons chicken stock; Crushed red pepper (optional); Salt and pepper; Finely-chopped parsley, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Peel, define and butterfly shrimp. In a bowl, mix shrimp with garlic, 1 tablespoon of the oil and salt. Marinate, refrigerated, 1 hour. Heat 2 tablespoons of the oil in a large saute pan over high heat. Add shrimp, spreading them so cut surface lies flat. Weight shrimp with a slightly smaller saute pan or other weight, press and sear 30 seconds, and remove to a plate. Add mariner and chicken stock to pan. Reduce rapidly over high heat 5 minutes, or until liquid has evaporated. Return shrimp to pan, toss well and cook until shrimp are warmed through. Season to taste with crushed red pepper, sal <END>
INPUT: chop frenched trimmed, balsamic vinegar, wine, beef broth, arrowroot
OUTPUT: TITLE: Crown Roast of Lamb | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: a 16-chop frenched and trimmed crown roast of lamb (about 4 pounds), at room temperature; 2 tablespoons balsamic vinegar; 1 cup dry red wine; 2 1/2 cups beef broth; 2 tablespoons arrowroot; 3 tablespoons water; mint sprigs for garnish; Accompaniments:; Minted Saffron Rice with Currants and Pine Nuts; Glazed Baby Turnips and Carrots; Garlic Rosemary Jelly | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 425°F. Rub lamb well with salt and pepper to taste and cover ends of bones with foil. Put lamb in an oiled roasting pan and roast in middle of oven 25 to 30 minutes, or until a meat thermometer inserted into the thickest part of the meat inside the crown registers 130°F. to 135°F. for medium-rare meat. Transfer lamb to a platter and let stand, covered loosely, 15 minutes. While lamb is standing, spoon off excess fat from pan juices. Set pan over moderately high heat and add vinegar and wine. Deglaze pan, scraping up brown bits and boiling liquid until reduced to about 1/4 cup.  <END>
INPUT: loaded, hoagie, Lamb Meatballs, lamb, garlic, shallots, parsley leaves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Loaded Lamb Meatball Hoagie | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Lamb Meatballs; 1 1/2 pounds ground lamb; 2 tablespoons garlic, minced; 2 shallots, minced; 2 tablespoons chopped parsley leaves; 1/4 cup grated Parmesan; Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper; Sundried Tomatoes and Spinach Salad; 1 cup sun-dried tomatoes in oil, drained, oil reserved, julienned; 2 tablespoons chopped garlic; Pinch red pepper flakes; 1 onion, minced; 1 (10-ounce) package frozen spinach, thawed and drained; 1 lemon, juiced; Pinch salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Lightly grease a 9 by 9-inch baking dish. In a large bowl, mix together the lamb, garlic, shallots, parsley and Parmesan. Season the meat with salt and pepper, to taste. Form meat into 1-ounce balls and arrange them in a baking dish. Bake them for 12 to 15 minutes. Remove them from the oven and keep warm. In a large saute pan over medium-high heat, add the oil from the tomatoes. Add the garlic and red pepper flakes. Cook until the garlic begins to brown, about 1 to 2 minutes. Add the onions and cook until softened, about 2 to 3 minutes. Stir in the spinach an <END>
INPUT: American, tamales, canola oil, onion, garlic, hot sauce
OUTPUT: TITLE: Bean and Cheese Tamales | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon canola oil; 1/2 medium onion, chopped; 1 tablespoon chopped garlic; 2 (15-ounce) cans black beans, drained and rinsed; 1 tablespoon hot sauce; 1 teaspoon chili powder; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 cups cornmeal; 1 teaspoon baking powder; 1/2 stick cold unsalted butter, cut into cubes; 1 cup chicken broth; 1/2 cup grated Monterey jack cheese | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Put the oil into a small skillet over medium heat. Add the onions and cook until softened, about 5 minutes. Add the garlic and cook for another 30 seconds. Remove half and reserve it for the tamale dough. To the pan with the remaining onions add the beans, hot sauce, chili powder and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Stir to combine and cook until heated through, about 5 minutes. Set aside to cool slightly. (Reserve 1 cup for the Round 2 Recipe, Bean and Cheese Chalupas.) In a large bowl combine the cornmeal, 1 teaspoon of salt and the baking powder. Cut the <END>
INPUT: dark, sables, bittersweet chocolate, blanched hazelnuts, all purpose flour, unsweetened Dutch process, baking soda
OUTPUT: TITLE: Dark Chocolate-Hazelnut Sables | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 ounces bittersweet chocolate, broken into pieces; 1/2 cup blanched hazelnuts; 1 1/3 cups all-purpose flour; 1/3 cup unsweetened Dutch-process cocoa powder; 1/4 teaspoon baking soda; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 1 stick unsalted butter, at room temperature; 1/4 cup granulated sugar; 1/4 cup packed light brown sugar; 1 large egg; 1/2 teaspoon pure vanilla extract; Coarse sugar, for decorating | INSTRUCTIONS: Pulse the chocolate in a food processor until finely chopped; transfer to a bowl. Add the hazelnuts to the food processor and pulse until finely chopped; transfer to the bowl with the chocolate. Whisk the flour, cocoa powder, baking soda and salt in a medium bowl. Beat the butter, granulated sugar and brown sugar in a large bowl with a mixer on medium-high speed until light and fluffy, about 3 minutes. Add the egg and vanilla and beat until combined. Reduce the mixer speed to low; beat in the flour mixture and chocolate and hazelnuts, then increase the speed to medium high and beat until combi <END>
INPUT: sauce, oranges, pink shallot, wine vinegar, Dijon mustard, olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Asparagus with Orange Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 oranges; 1 pink shallot, minced; 3 tablespoons white wine vinegar; 1/2 teaspoon Dijon mustard; 3 to 4 tablespoons olive oil; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 20 spears green asparagus, trimmed; Parmesan cheese, for shaving | INSTRUCTIONS: First, make the dressing: Zest 1 orange into a bowl, then juice both oranges and boil the juice down in a small saucepan to about 3 tablespoons. Meanwhile, mince the shallot and put it in a ramekin with the vinegar poured over. Set aside 5 minutes. Add the mustard to the zest. When the orange juice has reduced, strain it over the zest. Drain the shallot, discarding the vinegar, and add. Whisk all together, then slowly whisk in the oil. Taste, and season with salt and pepper. Set aside. Bring a saute pan full of water to the boil. Salt it, then add the asparagus and cook until tender. Drain, an <END>
INPUT: Mexican, cakes, beans, cilantro, chili powder, cumin, coriander
OUTPUT: TITLE: Bean Cakes | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups black beans (see recipe above), drained; 1 tablespoon cilantro, chopped; 1 tablespoon chili powder; 1 teaspoon ground cumin; 1/2 teaspoon ground coriander; 1 small garlic clove, minced; 1 small onion, finely chopped; 2 large eggs, beaten; 1/2 cup flour plus more if needed; Vegetable oil; Sour cream and fresh or jarred salsa as an accompaniment | INSTRUCTIONS: In a blender puree beans with cilantro, chili powder, cumin, coriander. Pour mixture into a medium bowl. Stir in garlic, onion, eggs and enough flour to make a thick batter. Heat 1 tablespoon vegetable oil in a large non-stick saute pan and spoon about 1 tablespoon of batter into pan. Cook for about 2 minutes per side turning once or until cakes are golden and cooked through. Serve with a dollop of sour cream and a spoonful of salsa.; <END>
INPUT: cherry, sour cherries, clear vodka, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cherry Vodka | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/8 lb/510 g fresh sour cherries (or black currants or jagody); 25 oz/750 ml clear vodka; 1 to 2 tbsp sugar (optional) | INSTRUCTIONS: Pit and halve the cherries. As in all vodka recipes, it is important that the flesh of the fruit be somehow exposed. Fill a jar with the cherries, but do not pack it. Pour the vodka on top and seal tightly. Leave in a dark place, preferably for at least 2 weeks—or up to 6 months. At the end of that time, open the jar and strain. If you have a very fine-mesh strainer, that will do. If not, use an ordinary strainer lined with a cheesecloth or even a coffee filter. Set the strainer over a large bowl, ideally one from which you'll be able to easily pour afterward. Pour the vodka mixture through th <END>
INPUT: scrambled, eggs, chives, milk, butter, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Scrambled Eggs with Smoked Salmon and Chives | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 8 large eggs; 4 tablespoons chopped fresh chives; 3 tablespoons milk; 5 tablespoons butter; 1 large onion, chopped; 6 ounces thinly sliced smoked salmon, cut into strips | INSTRUCTIONS: Beat eggs, 2 tablespoons chives and milk in bowl to blend. Melt butter in heavy large skillet over medium heat. Add onion and sauté until golden, about 15 minutes. Add egg mixture. Cook until almost set, stirring occasionally, about 4 minutes. Mix in salmon. Cook until eggs are cooked through but still moist, about 1 minute longer. Season with salt and pepper. Transfer eggs to platter; sprinkle with remaining 2 tablespoons chives. Beat eggs, 2 tablespoons chives and milk in bowl to blend. Melt butter in heavy large skillet over medium heat. Add onion and sauté until golden, about 15 minutes. A <END>
INPUT: Italian, meatballs, onion, garlic, egg, bread crumbs, Parmesan cheese
OUTPUT: TITLE: Turkey Meatballs | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 green onion, thinly sliced; 1 minced clove of garlic; 1 egg, lightly beaten; 1-ounce fresh bread crumbs; 2 tablespoons grated Parmesan cheese, plus extra to serve on the side for grating; 1 pound ground turkey or chicken; 5 tablespoons olive oil; 2 cups tomato sauce (recipe above); 1 pound perciatelli pasta; Salt and pepper to taste; Parmesan cheese-to serve on the side for grating | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil for the pasta. In a bowl mix together; green onion, garlic, egg, bread crumbs and Parmesan cheese. With a fork stir in ground turkey or chicken and season to taste with salt and pepper. (You can crumble some in a skillet, cook, taste, and then adjust seasoning). Shape mixture into small meatballs. In a large skillet heat olive oil. Add meatballs in a single layer and let them cook for 2 to 3 minutes a side, without disturbing. If they stick, loosen with a slotted spoon. Stir in tomato sauce into the skillet, cover and simmer 10 to 15 minutes (while s <END>
INPUT: english, trifle, egg yolks, sugar, cornstarch, half half, imported chocolate
OUTPUT: TITLE: English Chocolate Trifle with Apricots and Raspberries | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 10 large egg yolks; 1/3 cup sugar; 2 tablespoons cornstarch; 4 cups half and half; 1 pound imported white chocolate (such as Lindt), chopped; 1/2 cup (1 stick) unsalted butter, cut into pieces; 2/3 cup plus 3 tablespoons water; 1/3 cup honey; 1/3 cup sugar; 4 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 9 ounces dried apricots; 1/2 cup whipping cream; 5 tablespoons light corn syrup; 4 ounces bittersweet (not unsweetened) or semisweet chocolate, chopped; 1 1/2 (about) purchased 12-ounce pound cakes | INSTRUCTIONS: For Pudding: Whisk yolks, sugar and cornstarch in medium bowl. Bring half and half to simmer in heavy large saucepan. Gradually whisk hot half and half into yolk mixture. Return mixture to same saucepan and whisk over medium heat until custard boils. Boil 1 minute, whisking constantly. Remove from heat. Pour pudding into large bowl. Add white chocolate and butter and whisk until smooth. Chill until thick and cold, whisking occasionally, about 3 hours. Whisk yolks, sugar and cornstarch in medium bowl. Bring half and half to simmer in heavy large saucepan. Gradually whisk hot half and half into  <END>
INPUT: Italian, oil sun tomatoes, chicken breast halves, gnocchi pasta shell, garlic, basil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pasta with Chicken, Sun-Dried Tomatoes, Gorgonzola and Pine Nuts | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1/ 2 cup chopped drained oil-packed sun-dried tomatoes (2 tablespoons oil reserved); 2 skinless boneless chicken breast halves (about 9 ounces total); 1 pound gnocchi pasta or medium shell pasta; 4 garlic cloves, minced; 1/2 cup chopped fresh basil; 1/2 cup canned low-salt chicken broth; 1/2 cup crumbled Gorgonzola cheese (about 2 ounces); 1/4 cup chopped prosciutto; 1/4 cup pine nuts, toasted | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat 1 tablespoon oil reserved from tomatoes in heavy large skillet over medium-high heat. Add chicken to skillet and sauté until cooked through, about 3 minutes per side. Transfer chicken to plate and cool; do not clean skillet. Cut chicken into 1/2-inch pieces. Cook pasta in large pot of boiling salted water until just tender but still firm to bite. Drain pasta; transfer to large bowl. Meanwhile, heat remaining 1 tablespoon tomato oil in same skillet over medium-high heat. Add garlic; sauté until tender, about 1 minute. Add sun-dried tomatoes, chicken, basil, broth, cheese and prosciutto to  <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, moroccan, couscous, cinnamon, peppercorns, cumin seeds, coriander seeds
OUTPUT: TITLE: Moroccan Couscous | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 1 cinnamon stick; 1 teaspoon black peppercorns; 1/2 teaspoon white peppercorns; 1 teaspoon cumin seeds; 1 teaspoon coriander seeds; 1 teaspoon whole allspice; 1/2 teaspoon whole cloves; 2 cardamom pods; 1 teaspoon ground ginger; 1 teaspoon turmeric; 1/4 to 1/2 teaspoon cayenne pepper; 1/2 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg; Kosher salt; 3 tablespoons unsalted butter; Large pinch of saffron (optional) | INSTRUCTIONS: Make the spice blend: Toast the cinnamon stick, both peppercorns, cumin, coriander, allspice, cloves and cardamom in a small dry skillet over medium heat until fragrant, 2 minutes; let cool. Grind in a spice grinder or mini food processor with the ginger, turmeric, cayenne, nutmeg and 1 teaspoon salt. Store in an airtight container for up to 2 weeks; use leftover spice blend as a rub for meat or fish. Make the couscous: Heat the butter, 1 1/2 teaspoons spice blend and the saffron, if desired, in a large skillet over medium-high heat until lightly toasted, about 1 minute. Add the couscous and s <END>
INPUT: pancakes, leeks, olive oil, leek, kosher salt, pepper, squash
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chickpea Pancakes with Leeks, Squash, and Yogurt | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 tablespoons olive oil, divided; 1 medium leek, white and pale-green parts only, chopped; 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt, plus more; Freshly ground black pepper; 1 cup grated peeled squash (such as butternut or kabocha); 1 large egg; 3/4 cup chickpea flour; 1/4 teaspoon baking powder; 1/2 cup plain yogurt; 1/4 cup coarsely chopped fresh parsley; Flaky sea salt (such as Maldon) | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat 2 tablespoons oil in a large skillet, preferably nonstick, over medium-high. Add leek, season with kosher salt and pepper, and cook, stirring occasionally, until leek is softened and starting to brown, about 4 minutes. Add squash and season again. Cook, stirring often, until squash is cooked through and softened, about 4 minutes. Transfer vegetables to a plate and let cool. Wipe out skillet and reserve. Meanwhile, whisk egg, chickpea flour, baking powder, 1 tablespoon oil, 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt, and 1/2 cup water in a medium bowl; season with pepper and let sit 5 minutes for flour to h <END>
INPUT: American, panfried, barbecue, top sirloin steak, onion, garlic, bottled chili sauce
OUTPUT: TITLE: Panfried Steak with Quick Barbecue Sauce | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 4 tablespoons (1/2 stick) butter; 1 1 1/2-pound top sirloin steak (about 1 inch thick); 1 large onion, chopped; 3 large garlic cloves, chopped; 1/2 cup bottled chili sauce; 2 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce; 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 2 tablespoons (packed) dark brown sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: Melt 1 tablespoon butter in heavy large skillet over medium-high heat. Sprinkle steak with salt and pepper. Add steak to skillet and sauté to desired doneness, about 4 minutes per side for medium-rare. Transfer steak to cutting board. Melt remaining 3 tablespoons butter in same skillet over medium-high heat. Add onion and garlic; sauté until tender, about 8 minutes. Add chili sauce, Worcestershire sauce, lemon juice and brown sugar. Simmer 3 minutes to blend flavors, stirring occasionally. Season sauce to taste with salt and pepper. Slice steak thinly. Arrange on platter. Spoon some sauce over <END>
INPUT: wichcraft, avocado, onions, dark sugar, wine vinegar, balsamic vinegar, egg yolk
OUTPUT: TITLE: 'Wichcraft's Roasted Turkey, Avocado, Bacon, Onion Relish, & Aïoli on Ciabatta | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 yellow onions, thinly sliced; 1/4 cup dark brown sugar; 1/2 cup red-wine vinegar; 1/2 cup balsamic vinegar; 1 egg yolk; 1/2 clove garlic, minced (about 1/2 teaspoon); 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard; 1/2 ounce white-wine vinegar; 4 ounces grape seed oil; 1 ounce olive oil; 1/4 teaspoon kosher salt; 1/8 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 1/8 teaspoon pepperoncini or cayenne pepper; 1 pound roasted turkey breast, sliced (use your thanksgiving leftovers!); 4 ciabatta rolls | INSTRUCTIONS: Make onion relish: In heavy medium pot, combine onions and enough water to cover and bring to boil, then strain. Return onions to pot and add sugar, red wine vinegar, and balsamic vinegar. Place over moderate heat and bring to simmer. Reduce heat to low, and cook, uncovered, stirring occasionally, until onions are completely tender and have no bite left, about one and a half hours. (The liquid should be syrupy and coat the onions.) Remove from heat and cool to room temperature. In heavy medium pot, combine onions and enough water to cover and bring to boil, then strain. Return onions to pot an <END>
INPUT: Mexican, olive oil, chorizo, Spanish onion, garlic, wine
OUTPUT: TITLE: Steamed Clams with Chorizo and Fresh Corn | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon olive oil; 1/2 pound chorizo, sliced 1/4-inch thick; 1/2 cup finely chopped Spanish onion; 1 tablespoon finely chopped garlic; 1 cup dry white wine; 1 cup fresh corn kernels; 40 small clams; Salt and freshly ground pepper; 1/4 cup coarsely chopped parsley; Loaf of French bread, sliced 1/2-inch thick | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat the oil in a medium stockpot over mediumhigh heat. Add the chorizo and saute until golden brown on both sides. Remove the chorizo and place on a plate lined with paper towels. Drain all but 2 tablespoons of fat from the pan and return to the heat. Add the onions and garlic and cook until soft. Add the white wine and reduce by half. Add the corn and the clams, season with salt and pepper, and continue cooking until the clams just open. Remove the pan from the heat and add the parsley. Serve in bowls with slices of bread. <END>
INPUT: Italian, linguini, sauce, dozen littleneck clams, wine, linguine, Salt, virgin olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Linguini with White Clam Sauce | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 4 dozen littleneck clams, scrubbed well; 1/2 cup dry white wine; 1 pound thin linguine; Salt; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 3 to 4 garlic cloves, very thinly sliced; 1 teaspoon hot pepper flakes; 1/4 cup chopped fresh parsley; 1/4 cup chopped fresh basil; Freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large pot combine the clams and white wine and bring to a boil. Cover and steam the clams over moderately high heat about 5 to 10 minutes, checking them after 5 minutes and transferring them as they open to a bowl. Discard any clams that do not open after 10 minutes. Remove pot from heat and reserve the liquid in a measuring cup. In another large pot bring at least 4 quarts salted water to a boil and cook the linguine until al dente, stirring occasionally. Drain linguine in a colander. With a small knife remove the meat from 24 of the largest clams, discarding the shells, and in a food pr <END>
INPUT: hasty, pudding, coarse stone cornmeal, all purpose flour, cinnamon, salt, half half
OUTPUT: TITLE: Hasty Pudding with Whipped Cream | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 cups coarse stone-ground yellow cornmeal; 1/2 cup all-purpose flour; 1 tablespoon ground cinnamon; 2 teaspoons salt; 8 cups half-and-half; 1/2 cup maple syrup; 1/2 cup molasses; 1/2 cup packed light brown sugar; 4 tablespoons (1/2 stick) unsalted butter, cut into pieces, plus for greasing baking dish; 1 orange, zested and juiced; Whipped Cream, recipe follows; 2 cups heavy whipping cream; 1/3 cup confectioners' sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F; position a rack in the center of the oven. Butter a 9-by-13-inch baking dish. In a bowl, whisk the cornmeal, flour, cinnamon and salt to combine. Set aside. In a large saucepan over medium-high heat, whisk together the half-and-half, maple syrup, molasses and brown sugar. Heat until just starting to boil, then lower to a simmer and slowly add the cornmeal mixture, a little at a time, whisking constantly. Simmer, whisking, for about 5 minutes. Whisk in the butter and the orange zest and juice. Transfer the pudding to the prepared <END>
INPUT: salad, arugula, seedless oranges, onion, orange juice, olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pan-Fried Catfish with Arugula-Orange Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 8 cups arugula; 2 large seedless oranges, peeled, thinly sliced; 2/3 cup halved thinly sliced red onion; 1/2 cup orange juice; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 2 pinches of cayenne pepper, divided; 1/2 cup yellow cornmeal; 1 teaspoon salt; 1/2 teaspoon ground black pepper; 1 1/4 pounds catfish fillets; 1/3 cup vegetable oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine arugula, oranges, and red onion in large bowl. Whisk together orange juice, olive oil, and 1 pinch of cayenne in small bowl. Season dressing to taste with salt and pepper. Combine cornmeal, 1 teaspoon salt, 1/2 teaspoon pepper, and 1 pinch of cayenne in shallow dish. Rinse catfish; shake off excess water. Dredge catfish in cornmeal mixture; turn to coat evenly. Heat vegetable oil in heavy large skillet over medium-high heat. Add catfish and cook until coating is golden brown and crispy and fish is opaque in center, about 2 1/2 minutes per side. Drizzle dressing over salad. Divide salad <END>
INPUT: crisp, streusel topping, Granny Smith apples, unsalted butter, nutmeg
OUTPUT: TITLE: Apple Crisp with Streusel Topping | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 pounds streusel topping, recipe follows; 48 Granny Smith apples (113-count size); 12 ounces unsalted butter; 2 quarts (64 ounces) granulated sugar; 3/4 teaspoon ground nutmeg; 3 teaspoons ground cinnamon; 3/4 teaspoons ground ginger; 1 1/2 cups all-purpose flour; 3 teaspoons pure vanilla extract; 1 1/2 cups seedless raisins; 1 1/4 pounds granulated sugar; 1 pound all-purpose flour; 1 teaspoon salt; 1 1/2 tablespoons ground cinnamon; 12 ounces unsalted butter | INSTRUCTIONS: Make the streusel topping and chill, core and slice the apples. In large pot, melt the butter and stir in the sugar and spices. Add all fruit and cook until soft. Stir in flour and vanilla, then cook until thick and pour into 4 (8 by 10-inch) baking dishes. Top with streusel and bake at 350 degrees F until crispy and fruit is bubbling (approx. 40 minutes). Serve warm.; Mix butter, sugar, and flour together, until crumbly and mealy looking. Add cinnamon, salt, and pecan pieces. Do not over mix. Store in refrigerator. Streusel topping may be doubled for a thicker coating.; <END>
INPUT: Italian, pesto, walnuts, kale, Kosher salt, parmesan cheese, virgin olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Kale Pesto with Walnut and Parmesan | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1/3 cup walnuts; 3 cups chopped kale; Kosher salt; 1/2 cup grated parmesan cheese; 1/2 cup extra-virgin olive oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Toast the walnuts in a dry skillet until lightly browned; let cool. Pulse in a food processor until finely ground. Add the kale and 1/4 teaspoon salt and pulse until finely chopped. Add the parmesan and pulse to combine. Slowly pour in the olive oil, pulsing to incorporate. Transfer the pesto to a bowl. You'll have about 1 cup pesto; use about 1/2 cup for 1 pound pasta. Photograph by Kana Okada <END>
INPUT: sauce, virgin olive oil, garlic, chile peppers, anchovy fillets
OUTPUT: TITLE: Octopus in Tomato Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 tablespoons/60 ml extra-virgin olive oil; 3 cloves garlic, crushed; 1 teaspoon/15 ml red chile peppers, crushed; 5 anchovy fillets, chopped; 1 (28-ounces/796 ml) jar tomato puree; 2 pounds/1 kg octopus; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; Large bunch fresh flat-leaf parsley, leaves picked and chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: In a pan, heat up the extra-virgin olive oil. Add the garlic, chile peppers, and anchovies and let cook together. Add the tomato puree, octopus, salt, and black pepper and stir. Let the octopus cook for approximately 1 hour, or until tender. Stir in the parsley and serve. <END>
INPUT: kebabs, virgin olive oil, Juice lemons, smoked paprika, mint, cumin
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lamb and Artichoke Kebabs with Greek Yogurt Dip | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 cup plus 1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil; Juice of 1 1/2 lemons; 1 teaspoon smoked paprika; 1 teaspoon dried mint; 1 1/2 teaspoons ground cumin; 1/2 teaspoon red pepper flakes; 1 1/2 pounds boneless leg of lamb, cut into 1 1/2-inch cubes; Vegetable oil, for the grill; 1 Japanese eggplant, halved lengthwise and sliced 1/2 inch thick; 1 10-ounce package frozen quartered artichoke hearts, thawed; 1/2 cup pitted green olives; Kosher salt; 1 cup plain Greek yogurt; 1/4 cup chopped fresh mint; 1 clove garlic, chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine 3/4 cup olive oil, the juice of 1 lemon, the paprika, dried mint, 1/2 teaspoon cumin and the red pepper flakes in a large bowl. Add the lamb and toss to coat; cover and refrigerate 1 to 4 hours. Preheat a grill to medium high and brush the grates with vegetable oil. Thread the lamb, eggplant, artichokes and olives onto eight 10-inch skewers; season with salt. Grill the kebabs, turning occasionally, until marked, about 10 minutes for medium. Meanwhile, make the yogurt dip: Puree the yogurt, the remaining 1 tablespoon olive oil, juice of 1/2 lemon and1 teaspoon cumin, 2 tablespoons water <END>
INPUT: rubbed, pork top sirloin, olive oil, Kosher salt, fennel seeds, anise seeds
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fennel-Rubbed Pork Roast | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 pound pork top sirloin roast, tied; 1 tablespoon olive oil; Kosher salt, freshly ground pepper; 2 tablespoons fennel seeds, crushed; 1 tablespoon anise seeds, crushed; 1 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 400°F. Rub pork with oil; season generously with salt and pepper and rub with fennel seeds, anise seeds, and red pepper flakes, pressing to adhere. Place pork roast, fat side up, on a rimmed baking sheet and roast until deeply browned and an instant-read thermometer inserted into the center registers 135°F, 60–70 minutes. Transfer to a cutting board; let pork rest at least 10 minutes before slicing. DO AHEAD: Pork can be seasoned 1 day ahead. Cover and chill. Preheat oven to 400°F. Rub pork with oil; season generously with salt and pepper and rub with fennel seeds, anise seeds, <END>
INPUT: Italian, chicken, spaghetti, grape tomatoes, jalapenos, garlic, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken Spaghetti | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 8 ounces spaghetti; 2 cups grape tomatoes, halved lengthwise; 2 jalapenos, stemmed, seeded, and halved lengthwise; 4 cloves garlic, left whole; 1/2 yellow onion; 2 tablespoons (1/4 stick) unsalted butter; 2 tablespoons all-purpose flour; 2 cups whole milk, plus more as needed; 2 cups (8 ounces) shredded cheddar cheese; 2 cups (8 ounces) shredded Monterey Jack cheese; 1/2 teaspoon ground cumin; 1/4 teaspoon cayenne; 1/2 cup chopped fresh cilantro, plus more for garnishing; 2 teaspoons fresh lime juice; Salt and black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Lightly grease a 9-by-13-inch baking dish. Line a baking sheet with foil. Cook the spaghetti according to the package instructions in a large pot of boiling salted water. Drain, rinse, and transfer the spaghetti to the baking dish. Meanwhile, turn on the broiler and place a rack 6 inches away from the heating element. Place the grape tomatoes and jalapenos on the prepared baking sheet, skin side up, along with the whole garlic cloves and onion. Broil, for 5 to 7 minutes, until the tomatoes, jalapenos, garlic, and onion are softened and have begun to blacken. Remove from the oven, and when cool <END>
INPUT: caper, sauce, russet potato, heavy cream, unsalted butter, Salt pepper, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Trout with Caper Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 pounds russet potato, skin left on, cut into 1/4-inch sticks; 1 cup heavy cream, plus an additional 1/4 cup for reheating if necessary; 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, plus an additional 2 tablespoons for reheating if necessary; Salt and white pepper; 1/4 cup salt; 2 pounds green beans, ends trimmed; 2 pounds carrots, peeled and cut into 1/4-inch sticks; 12 trout filets, deboned; 1 tablespoon salt; 2 teaspoons pepper; 2 cups all-purpose flour; 1/4 cup grape seed oil; 1/4 cup sliced almonds; 2 tablespoons grape seed oil; 1/4 cup minced shallots | INSTRUCTIONS: For the mashed potatoes: Put the potatoes in a large pot with 2 gallons of cold water. Bring the water and potatoes to a boil and cook until the potatoes are tender. Strain the potatoes and allow them to rest in the strainer over the sink for 5 to 10 minutes so they steam and dry out a bit. While the potatoes are draining combine the cream and butter in the pot and bring to a boil, melting the butter. Put the potatoes back into the pot with the cream and the butter and whip with an electric hand mixer until the potatoes are smooth. Season with salt and pepper to taste. Keep warm. (If the potat <END>
INPUT: crostata, cream cheese, sugar, all purpose flour, eggs, vanilla extract
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pear and Almond Crostata | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 8 ounces cream cheese, softened; 2 tablespoons sugar; 1 tablespoon all-purpose flour, plus more for work surface; 2 eggs, divided; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; 2 (7-ounce) packages almond paste; 2 Bartlett pears; 1 tablespoon water, for egg wash; 2 tablespoons raw sugar; 1 pint cherry vanilla ice cream; 1/4 cup sliced almonds, toasted; 8 fresh mint sprigs | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F. Line 2 baking sheets with parchment paper and set aside. In a medium bowl, add cream cheese, sugar, flour, 1 egg and vanilla. Beat with a hand mixer until well blended and smooth. Set aside. Divide each package of almond paste into 4 equal portions. On a floured work surface roll each portion into a 6-inch round, about 1/8-inch thick. Put 2 tablespoons of the cream cheese filling into the center of each round. Spread the filling out in an even layer, about 1/2-inch from the edge of the round. Quarter each pear and remove the core. Cut each quarter into 5 slices.  <END>
INPUT: Asian, jewels, burgers, cucumber, onion, rice vinegar, sugar, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Jewels Turkey-Jasmine Burgers | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1 cucumber, peeled and thinly sliced rounds; 1/2 red onion, thinly sliced; 1/4 cup rice vinegar; 1/8 cup sugar; 1 teaspoon salt; 1 1/4 pounds ground turkey; 1/3 cup steamed jasmine rice; 1/4 cup panko; 1/4 cup thinly sliced green onions; 1 large egg; 1/2 teaspoon sesame oil; 1 tablespoon soy sauce; 1 Thai chili or serrano chile, seeded and minced; 1 teaspoon sugar; Salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Cucumber salad: Toss cucumbers, onions, rice vinegar, sugar, and salt in a medium sized bowl. Let it marinate at room temperature for 1 hour. Burger: Mix ground turkey, rice, panko, green onions, egg, sesame oil, soy sauce, Thai chile, and sugar very well. Make into 4 patties. Season with salt and pepper. Heat peanut oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Saute burgers until cooked through, approximately 5 to 6 minutes per side (depending on how thick you make them). Wasabi mayonnaise: While burgers are cooking, toast buns, and mix mayonnaise, with wasabi powder, ginger, and lemon peel  <END>
INPUT: cookies, butter at, flour, baking soda, light sugar, egg
OUTPUT: TITLE: Butter Cookies | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 sticks butter at room temperature; 1 1/2 cups flour; 3/4 teaspoon baking soda; 1 cup light brown sugar; 1 egg; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; A pinch of salt; 1/2 cup chopped walnuts (optional) | INSTRUCTIONS: In a medium-sized bowl, mix together flour, baking soda, and salt. In a separate bowl, beat egg, sugar, and vanilla; then add butter to egg and sugar mixture and beat until light and fluffy. Add to dry ingredients and mix until blended. At this point you may also add 1/2 cup of coarsely chopped walnuts. Divide cookie dough into two parts and roll in wax paper. Freeze overnight, or at least 4 hours. With a serrated knife, carefully cut frozen dough into slices about 1/4 inch thick. Bake on cookie sheet for 10 to 12 minutes at 350 degrees. Makes about 2 dozen cookies. In a medium-sized bowl, mix <END>
INPUT: good, Anaheim peppers, packages chive cream, prosciutto, basil flakes, bacon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Good Peppers | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 8 Anaheim peppers; 2 packages chive cream cheese; 4 ounces prosciutto; 2 teaspoons dried basil flakes; 1 package bacon | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat grill over medium-high heat. Chop off top of peppers and remove seeds. Mix cream cheese, prosciutto, and basil together. Stuff peppers with ham and cheese mixture. Wrap with bacon, grill until done, about 5 minutes. <END>
INPUT: American, gratin, porcini mushrooms, boiling water, virgin olive oil, Parmesan cheese
OUTPUT: TITLE: Potato Gratin with Porcini Mushrooms and Mascarpone Cheese | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 4 ounces dried porcini mushrooms*; 1 cup boiling water; 2 tablespoons (1/4 stick) butter; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1/4 cup plus 2 tablespoons grated Parmesan cheese; 1 1/2 cups mascarpone cheese** (from about 1 1/2 seven-ounce containers); 1 cup whipping cream; 3 garlic cloves, chopped; Pinch of freshly grated nutmeg; 2 1/2 pounds russet potatoes (about 5 large), peeled, cut crosswise into 1/8-inch-thick slices | INSTRUCTIONS: Place porcini and 1 cup boiling water in medium bowl. Place small bowl atop mushrooms to keep submerged. Let soak 20 minutes. Drain and coarsely chop mushrooms. Melt butter with oil in medium skillet over medium heat. Add mushrooms and sauté until beginning to brown, about 3 minutes. Sprinkle with salt and pepper. Remove from heat. Whisk 1/4 cup Parmesan and next 4 ingredients in small bowl; season with salt and pepper. DO AHEAD: Mushrooms and cheese mixture can be prepared 1 day ahead. Cover separately and chill. Preheat oven to 325°F. Butter wide shallow 2-quart baking dish. Arrange 1/4 of p <END>
INPUT: American, flank steak, vegetable oil, bay leaves, beef stock, olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Flank Steak with Black Beans and Rice | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 pounds flank steak; 3 tablespoons vegetable oil; 2 bay leaves; 5 cups beef stock; 4 tablespoons olive oil; 2 onions, chopped; 6 garlic cloves, minced; 1 tablespoon dried oregano; 1 tablespoon ground cumin; 2 large tomatoes, seeded, chopped; Cooked black beans (see recipe); Cooked white rice; 2 tablespoons vegetable oil; 6 eggs | INSTRUCTIONS: Season steak with salt and pepper. Heat vegetable oil in heavy large skillet over high heat. Add steak and cook until browned on all sides. Add bay leaves and stock. Reduce heat and simmer slowly until steak is very tender, turning occasionally, about 2 hours. Remove from heat and allow meat to cool in stock. Remove meat from stock and shred it. Reserve 1 cup cooking liquid; reserve remaining cooking liquid for another use. Heat olive oil in heavy large skillet over medium high heat. Add onion and saute until golden. Add garlic, oregano and cumin and saute until fragrant. Add tomatoes and cont <END>
INPUT: American, blintzes, milk, eggs, all purpose flour, farmer's cheese, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cheese Blintzes | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups whole milk; 4 large eggs; 1 1/2 cups all-purpose flour; 1 1/2 pounds farmer's cheese; 1/2 cup plus 2 tablespoons sugar; 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract; 1/2 teaspoon cinnamon; Unsalted butter | INSTRUCTIONS: To make the crepes, combine the milk, eggs, and flour in a food processor and process until smooth. Transfer the batter to a bowl and let it rest for 30 minutes. Meanwhile, prepare the filling. Combine the farmer's cheese, sugar, vanilla, and cinnamon in the work bowl of a food processor and process until smooth. Transfer to another bowl and set aside. Melt a pat of butter in a heavy 8-inch nonstick skillet.* Ladle in just enough batter to coat the bottom of the skillet. (Tilt the skillet to coat it evenly.) Allow the crepe to cook undisturbed until it is set and the bottom is golden brown, 3  <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, gyro, relish, olive oil, garlic, lemon, salt, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lamb Gyro with Tomato Relish and Chimichurri Sauce | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup olive oil; 1/4 cup chopped garlic; 1 lemon, juiced; 1 teaspoon salt; 1 teaspoon cracked black pepper; 1 (5-pound) butterflied boneless leg of lamb, excess fat and sinew trimmed from a 6 1/2-pound bone-in leg of lamb; 4 plum tomatoes, seeded and finely diced; 1 shallot, minced; 1 jalapeno, minced; 1 tablespoon sugar; 1 tablespoon white vinegar; Dash soy sauce; Salt and freshly cracked black pepper; 1/2 cup olive oil; 2 shallots, minced | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat a grill on medium-high heat. In a small bowl, mix together the olive oil, garlic, lemon juice, salt and pepper. Rub the lamb with the garlic oil on and let marinate for 30 minutes in a large casserole dish at room temperature. In a medium-sized bowl, add the tomatoes, shallot, jalapeno, sugar, vinegar, soy sauce, salt and pepper, to taste. Add the olive oil, shallots and herbs to a small bowl and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Arrange the lamb on the grill rack. Grill the lamb, covered, until an instant-read thermometer inserted into the meat regi <END>
INPUT: Italian, spread, garlic, milk ricotta, mint, virgin olive oil, Flaky sea salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Ricotta and Mint Spread | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 garlic clove; 1 1/2 cups whole-milk ricotta; 1/4 cup finely chopped mint; 1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil; Flaky sea salt; Accompaniment: thinly sliced baguette | INSTRUCTIONS: Mince and mash garlic to a paste with 1/4 teaspoon table salt, then stir together with ricotta, mint, and 1/2 teaspoon pepper. Drizzle with oil and season with sea salt and pepper. Mince and mash garlic to a paste with 1/4 teaspoon table salt, then stir together with ricotta, mint, and 1/2 teaspoon pepper. Drizzle with oil and season with sea salt and pepper. <END>
INPUT: Italian, charred, relish, cider vinegar, sugar, sweet onion, pepperoncini, Kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Charred Corn and Pepperoncini Relish with Basil | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup cider vinegar; 1 1/2 teaspoons sugar; 1/4 cup finely diced sweet onion; 4 pepperoncini, cored and finely chopped; Kosher salt; 3 ears of corn; 1 tablespoon of vegetable oil, plus more for brushing; Freshly ground pepper; 1/4 cup finely chopped basil | INSTRUCTIONS: Light a grill and preheat for at least 10 minutes or preheat a grill pan. In a large bowl, whisk the vinegar with the sugar until dissolved. Add the onion, pepperoncini and a pinch of salt and let stand while you grill the corn. Brush the corn with vegetable oil and season with salt and pepper, then grill over moderately high heat, turning frequently until tender and blistered in spots. Let cool slightly, then, using a serrated knife, cut the kernels off the cobs. Add the corn and the 1 tablespoon of oil to the onions and toss; season with salt and pepper. Let the relish stand for at least 15  <END>
INPUT: carrots, coconut oil, honey, togarashi cayenne if, Kosher salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Glazed Carrots | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 5 medium carrots, peeled; 1/4 cup coconut oil; 2 teaspoons honey; 1/4 teaspoon togarashi or cayenne if desired (See Cook's Note); Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1/8 cup chopped parsley | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Cut the carrots in thirds crosswise. Then cut each piece lengthwise into halves or fourths, depending on the width of the carrots. This should create spears that have at least one flat side. Add the oil to a cast-iron skillet and heat over medium heat. When the oil is hot, place the carrots in the oil cut-sides down and cook without turning until tender, about 6 minutes. The cut sides will be very, very dark. Some may even call it burnt. Don't worry, it'll taste great! Add the honey, togarashi and 1/4 cup of water to the skillet and stir up all the carrots. Cook, <END>
INPUT: American, vanilla wafers cookies, butter, bananas, orange juice, peanut brittle
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate Peanut Butter Banana Cream Pie | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 65 vanilla wafers cookies, finely crushed; 1 stick butter, melted, plus more for pan; 3 ripe bananas, peeled, thinly sliced on a diagonal; 2 tablespoons fresh orange juice; 1/2 cup peanut brittle, ground into crumbs; Chocolate Pudding, recipe follows; Peanut Butter Cream, recipe follows; 2 cups heavy cream; 1 teaspoons almond extract; 1/4 cup confectioners' sugar; 1/2 cup peanut brittle, broken into bite-size pieces; 3/4 cup sugar; 1/2 cup cocoa powder; 1/3 cup all-purpose flour; 2 eggs | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Butter a deep 9 by 2-inch pie plate. Drizzle the crushed vanilla wafers with the melted butter and stir until blended. Press on the bottom and up the sides of the pie plate. Pop in the oven and bake until lightly browned, 20 to 25 minutes. Cool on a wire rack for about 30 minutes. Toss the banana slices with the orange juice, making sure all the slices get coated. (This helps keep the bananas from browning.) Place the slices on a paper towel-lined plate and pat any excess juices dry. Arrange half the banana slices in a single layer over the cooled crust. Cove <END>
INPUT: iced, orange pekoe tea, three orange rind, orange juice, lemon juice, sugar taste
OUTPUT: TITLE: Iced Orange Tea | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 5 tablespoons orange pekoe tea leaves; three 2 1/2-inch strips of orange rind; 2 cups fresh orange juice; 1/2 cup fresh lemon juice; sugar to taste; 3 cups ginger ale; 8 thin orange slices | INSTRUCTIONS: Pour 4 cups boiling water over the tea leaves and orange rind in a heatproof bowl and let the mixture steep for 10 minutes. Strain the tea into a pitcher, add the orange juice, the lemon juice, and the sugar, stirring until the sugar is dissolved, and chill the mixture. Add the ginger ale, pour the mixture into tall glasses filled with ice cubes, and garnish each drink with 1 of the orange slices. Pour 4 cups boiling water over the tea leaves and orange rind in a heatproof bowl and let the mixture steep for 10 minutes. Strain the tea into a pitcher, add the orange juice, the lemon juice, and t <END>
INPUT: grits, water, salt, shrimp shell, Hillshire Farms smoked
OUTPUT: TITLE: Shrimp and Grits | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup grits (not quick or instant; 8 oz); 6 cups water; 1 1/2 teaspoons salt; 1 lb medium shrimp in shell (31 to 35 per lb; about 40), peeled (deveined if desired); 2 Hillshire Farms smoked sausage "Hot Links" (from a 5-link package), chopped; 1 medium onion, finely chopped (1 cup); 1 green bell pepper, finely chopped (1 cup); 1 teaspoon all-purpose flour | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine grits, 5 cups water, and 1 teaspoon salt and bring to a boil in a 3- to 4-quart heavy saucepan. Reduce heat and simmer, covered, stirring occasionally, until grits are creamy and soft, about 30 minutes. Season with salt and keep warm, covered. Meanwhile, rinse shrimp under cold running water, then pat dry and sprinkle with 1/4 teaspoon salt. Cook sausage in a dry 12-inch heavy skillet over moderately high heat, stirring, until browned and fat is rendered, about 4 minutes. Add shrimp to sausage mixture and cook, stirring, until shrimp just turn opaque, about 2 minutes, then transfer shr <END>
INPUT: salt, spring, fleur de sel, coarse pepper, free range chickens, canola oil, butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Salt Baked Chickens with Spring Vegetable and Mushroom Ragout | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup fleur de sel, to coat; 1/4 cup coarse ground black pepper, to coat; 4 free range chickens (4 to 6 pounds each); 1 cup canola oil; 2 tablespoons butter; 5 minced shallots; 2 tablespoons minced garlic; 1 cup sliced shiitakes; 2 cups quartered button or cremini mushrooms; 1 cup white wine; 1 cup chicken stock; 1 tablespoon dark soy sauce; 1/2 tablespoon chopped fresh thyme; 1 cup shucked English peas, blanched; 1 cup shucked edamames, blanched | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 550 degrees. Mix together the salt and pepper. Rub chicken with oil inside and out, then liberally coat with salt mix. Place chicken, breast-side up, in the oven and cook for about 25 minutes, or until golden brown. The chicken may have to be rotated for even coloring. When chicken is fully browned turn the oven down to 300 degrees. Cover with foil to prevent burning. Chicken will take another 35 to 45 minutes. Chicken is done when one can move the wing back and forth with great ease. Another test is piercing between the thigh and breast and the juices should run clear. Allow c <END>
INPUT: American, crusted, fingers, Kosher salt, Dijon mustard, low fat plain, sleeve
OUTPUT: TITLE: Dijon, Saltine and Wheat Germ Crusted Chicken Fingers with Ranch Dipping Sauce | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 large boneless, skinless chicken breasts; Kosher salt; 1/2 cup Dijon mustard; 1/2 cup low fat plain yogurt; 1 sleeve (about 25) saltine crackers, crumbled; 1 cup toasted wheat germ; 1/2 cup sliced almonds, toasted, optional; Ranch Dipping Sauce, for serving, recipe follows; 1 1/2 cups low fat yogurt; 1 tablespoon garlic powder; 1 1/2 teaspoons celery salt; 2 shakes hot sauce (recommended: Tabasco); 2 tablespoons chopped Italian parsley leaves; 2 tablespoons finely chopped chives; Kosher salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Cut the chicken breasts on the diagonal into wide flat strips and season with salt, to taste. In a large bowl, combine the Dijon and the yogurt, toss in the chicken and stir to coat evenly. Pulse, pulse, pulse the crackers in a food processor until they look like fine crumbs. Add the wheat germ and toasted almonds and pulse until it is a homogeneous mixture. Put this mixture into a wide flat dish. Roll the marinated chicken in this mixture, 1 piece at a time, pressing the cracker/wheat germ mixture to evenly crust each piece. La <END>
INPUT: brandade, russet potato, olive oil, garlic, smoked trout, milk
OUTPUT: TITLE: Smoked Trout Brandade | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 large russet potato (about 10 oz.); 1 teaspoon plus 1/2 cup olive oil; 2 garlic cloves, peeled; 8 ounces smoked trout, skin and bones removed; 3/4 cup whole milk; 2 tablespoons lemon juice; 1/4 teaspoon smoked paprika (optional); Kosher salt; Freshly ground black pepper; 2 tablespoons finely grated Parmesan; 1 baguette, sliced, toasted; Cured meats, cheeses, and grapes (for serving) | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat oven to 400°. Rub potato with 1 teaspoon oil and bake directly on oven rack until tender, 50–60 minutes. Let cool slightly, then peel. Mash potato until nearly smooth Meanwhile, bring garlic, trout, and milk to a simmer in a medium saucepan. Remove from heat; let sit 10 minutes. Using a slotted spoon, transfer half of trout to a plate; flake. Place garlic, milk, and remaining trout in a food processor along with lemon juice, paprika (if using), and remaining 1/2 cup oil; process until smooth. Transfer to a large bowl and gently fold in mashed potato and flaked trout; season with salt and  <END>
INPUT: Mexican, quesadillas, seedless piece butternut, onion, garlic, vegetable oil, eight flour tortillas
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Squash, Red Pepper, and Jack Cheese Quesadillas with Chipotle Lime Sour Cream Dip | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: a 3/4-pound seedless piece butternut squash, peeled and cut into 3/4-inch dice (about 5 cups); 1 medium onion, unpeeled, cut into eighths; 1 large garlic clove, unpeeled; 1 tablespoon vegetable oil; eight 5- to 6-inch flour tortillas; 1 cup chopped red bell pepper (about 1 large); 1 cup coarsely grated jack cheese; 1/2 stick (1/4 cup) unsalted butter, softened; Accompaniment: chipotle lime sour cream dip; 1 canned chipotle chili in adobo*, minced; 2 teaspoons fresh lime juice; 1 cup sour cream; *available at Hispanic markets and some specialty foods shops | INSTRUCTIONS: To make the quesadillas: Preheat oven to 400°F. In a shallow baking pan arrange squash, onion, and garlic in one layer and drizzle with oil, tossing to coat. Roast mixture in middle of oven 15 minutes, or until garlic is tender and transfer garlic to a work surface. Roast squash and onion until tender, about 15 minutes more. Discard peels from squash, onion, and garlic. In a food processor purée squash, onion and garlic with salt and pepper to taste until smooth. Squash purée may be made 2 days ahead and chilled, covered. Spread about one fourth squash purée on each of 4 tortillas and sprinkle <END>
INPUT: Italian, ziti noodles, sweet turkey sausage, thyme, rosemary
OUTPUT: TITLE: Baked Ziti with Sweet Turkey Sausage | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound ziti noodles; 1 pound sweet turkey sausage, cut into 1/2-inch thick slices; 2 (28-ounce) cans diced tomatoes with seasonings (green pepper and onion or garlic and oregano, or any flavor you want); 2 teaspoons dried thyme; 2 teaspoons dried rosemary; 1 (15-ounce) container regular or part-skim ricotta cheese; 4 cups grated part-skim mozzarella cheese, reserve 1 cup, for topping; 1 teaspoon garlic powder; 1/2 cup grated Parmesan | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Cook pasta according to package directions. Drain and set aside. Meanwhile, cook sausage in a hot skillet over medium heat until golden brown on all sides. Add tomatoes, thyme and rosemary and simmer 5 minutes. Remove from heat. In a medium bowl, combine ricotta cheese, mozzarella cheese and garlic powder and mix well. Spoon 1/2 cup of the tomato sauce in the bottom of a 4-quart casserole dish. Top with half of the cooked ziti. Top with half of the cheese mixture. Top with 1 cup of the tomato sauce. Repeat layers (remaining ziti and <END>
INPUT: Italian, salad, pancetta, virgin olive oil, lemon juice, Kalamata olives
OUTPUT: TITLE: Arugula Salad with Olives, Pancetta, and Parmesan Shavings | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 6 thin slices pancetta (Italian bacon; about 1/3 of 3-ounce package); 1 1/2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice; 4 cups (loosely packed) arugula; 1/3 cup Kalamata olives, pitted, halved; Parmesan cheese shavings | INSTRUCTIONS: Arrange pancetta in single layer in medium nonstick skillet. Cook over medium heat until browned and crisp (do not turn), about 8 minutes. Transfer to paper towels to drain. Whisk oil and lemon juice in small bowl. Season dressing with salt and pepper. Place arugula and olives in medium bowl; toss with dressing. Divide salad between plates. Top with pancetta and Parmesan shavings. Arrange pancetta in single layer in medium nonstick skillet. Cook over medium heat until browned and crisp (do not turn), about 8 minutes. Transfer to paper towels to drain. Whisk oil and lemon juice in small bowl. S <END>
INPUT: spiced, lemons, lamb shanks, Salt pepper, olive oil, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spiced Ruby Lamb Shanks | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 lemons; 8 lamb shanks (foreshanks), about 12 ounces each; Salt and pepper, to taste; 3 tablespoons olive oil; 8 cloves of garlic, peeled; 2 cinnamon sticks; 1 can (28 ounces) peeled plum tomatoes, chopped, with juices; 2 tablespoons each: tomato paste and honey; 2 cups ruby port wine; 1 cup beef broth; 3 sprigs fresh thyme (plus 2 to 3 large bunches, for garnish); 2 bay leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. Blanch the lemons in boiling water for 2 minutes. Drain. Cut into 8 wedges each, discarding seeds. 2. Preheat the oven to 350°:F. Season the lamb with salt and pepper. Heat 2 tablespoons of the oil in a large, ovenproof casserole over medium-high heat. Brown the shanks well, 2 at a time, about 6 minutes each, turning. Remove to a plate. Pour the fat from the casserole and wipe clean. 3. Heat the remaining oil in the casserole over low heat. Add the lemons, garlic and cinnamon; cook for 2 minutes, stirring; crush the lemons slightly. Add the remaining ingredients; season with salt and pepper <END>
INPUT: Mexican, tamales, butter, salt, tamale husks, olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Crab 'n' Shrimp Stuffed Tamales | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 tablespoons melted butter; 3/4 tablespoon salt; 16 tamale husks; 1 pound medium (21/25 count) shrimp, peeled and deveined; 1 tablespoon olive oil; 2 cloves garlic, minced; 1/2 pint picked jumbo lump crabmeat; 1/2 teaspoon ground cumin; 1/2 teaspoon paprika; Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper; Juice of 1/2 a lime; 1 1/2 cups masa harina; 1 dried New Mexico or California chile pepper; Extra-virgin olive oil; 1/2 fennel bulb, sliced | INSTRUCTIONS: For the seafood stuffing: Roughly chop the shrimp up into chunky pieces. Set a large saute pan over high heat. Add the olive oil and garlic. Once the garlic begins to sizzle, add the shrimp. Saute until just pink, about 2 minutes, and then add the crabmeat. Season with the cumin, paprika and some salt and pepper. Gently fold the mixture together, and then shut off the heat and add the lime juice. Allow to cool. Divide the mixture; you will use one half to stuff the tamales, and one half for the seafood sauce. For the tamales: Mix the masa, 1 1/4 cups water, butter and salt into a thick paste.  <END>
INPUT: geranium, semi quail, Salt pepper, loaf French style, butter, chicken duck livers
OUTPUT: TITLE: Stuffed Quail with Rose Geranium Jelly | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 8 semi-boneless quail, wing tips removed; Salt and pepper, to taste; 1 loaf French-style bread (baguette) diced (about 4 cups); 8 tablespoons butter; 1 cup chicken or duck livers, cleaned and patted dry; 1 onion finely diced; 1 large granny smith apple, peeled and diced; 2 teaspoons fresh thyme or 1 teaspoon dry; 2 teaspoons fresh sage or 1 teaspoon dry; 1/2 cup green onions, chopped; 1/4 cup parsley; 3 cups chicken stock, heated; 2 shallots, finely chopped; 1 cup wine, a full-bodied rose or riesling is nice (depends on the kind of jelly you use); 3 cups quail, chicken or duck stock | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 400F. Rinse the quail in cold water, pat dry and set aside. Place diced bread in a large bowl. Melt butter in a skillet and gently saute livers until firm but still rosy inside, remove and reserve. In another pan, saute the onion and celery until translucent. Add the apples, sage and thyme and cook 2 to 3 more minutes. Pour onion mixture and diced reserved liver over bread and add all other ingredients. Stir or mix with hands making sure that stuffing is moist. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Divide stuffing into 8 equal portion and stuff into quail. Rub each quail wi <END>
INPUT: American, french, syrup, eggs, milk, pumpkin pie spice, pumpkin puree, granulated sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pumpkin Pecan Pie French Toast with Butterscotch Syrup | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 4 eggs; 1/2 cup whole milk; 2 teaspoons pumpkin pie spice; 1/2 cup pumpkin puree; 1 tablespoon granulated sugar; 1 tablespoon packed light brown sugar; 3 cups cornflakes, crushed; 11/2 cups finely chopped pecans; Kosher salt; 8 slices stale Texas toast; 11/2 inches thick; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, plus more for frying; 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, plus more for frying; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1/4 cup butterscotch liqueur | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. Make the batter. In a shallow dish, whisk together the eggs, milk, pumpkin pie spice, pumpkin puree, and sugars. 2. Mix the coating. In another shallow dish, combine the cereal, pecans, and a pinch of salt. 3. Dredge the bread. Place the bread slices in the egg dish and soak on each side until well coated and soaked through, but not soggy. Immediately place the bread in the coating and press down on both sides and the edges to coat. Repeat with the remaining slices, place on a parchment-lined plate, and refrigerate for 20 minutes. 4. Make the syrup. In a small pot, melt the butter over low  <END>
INPUT: charred, chicken thighs, Salt, parsley, butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Baked Chicken Thighs with Charred Carrots | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 chicken thighs; Salt, pepper and nutmeg; 2 large, sweet, juicy carrots, julienned; 2 tablespoons chopped parsley; 1 teaspoon butter; Chicken demi-glace sauce | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 300 degrees F. Season chicken thighs all over with salt, pepper and nutmeg. Place skin-side down in a roasting pan and cover tightly with foil. Bake for 45 minutes. Remove foil, turn chicken pieces skin-side up and bake for 1 hour. When ready to serve, broil chicken thighs for 10 to 15 minutes, until dark brown and crisp. Meanwhile, heat a cast-iron skillet over very high heat. Add carrots, cover and cook for 10 minutes, uncovering and stirring frequently, until charred and softened. Transfer to a serving bowl and toss with parsley and butter; season with salt, pepper and nutme <END>
INPUT: vegetable oil, onions, ancho chili powder, cinnamon, ketchup
OUTPUT: TITLE: NY Dog | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons vegetable oil; 2 large onions, halved and cut 1/4-inch thick; 1 teaspoon ancho chili powder; 1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1/4 cup ketchup; 1/2 cup water; 1/2 teaspoon cayenne sauce; 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt; 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 1/2 cup Dijon mustard mixed with 2 tablespoons prepared horseradish; 3 roasted red peppers, julienned; 3 cloves roasted garlic, coarsely chopped; 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh flat-leaf parsley; Salt | INSTRUCTIONS: For the NY Onion Sauce: Heat oil in a medium saucepan over medium heat. Add onions and cook until soft. Stir in the cinnamon and chili powder and cook for 1 minute. Add the ketchup, water, hot sauce and salt and black pepper and bring to a simmer. Cook mixture for 10 to15 minutes or until thickened. Transfer to a bowl and let cool to room temperature before serving. For the Roasted Red Pepper Relish: Combine all ingredients in a medium bowl and let sit at room temperature for 30 minutes before serving. For the hot dogs: Heat the grill to high. Grill dogs until golden brown on all sides, about  <END>
INPUT: olive oil, parsley leaves, Salt, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Cod with Lima Beans | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 (10-ounce) bag frozen lima beans; 4 teaspoons olive oil, divided; 4 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley leaves, divided; Salt; Freshly ground black pepper; 4 (6-ounce) pieces cod; 8 tablespoons white wine, divided | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Place 4 (15-inch) long sheets of aluminum foil on a work surface. Divide the frozen lima beans among the foil sheets (about 3/4 cup per sheet). Place 1 teaspoon of olive oil 1 tablespoon of chopped parsley, and a pinch of salt and freshly ground black pepper on each pile of beans and gently toss to combine. Place 1 piece of fish over each pile of beans. Pour 2 tablespoons of white wine over each of the fish and sprinkle a pinch of salt and freshly ground black pepper. Seal up the foil packets. Place the foil packets on a baking sheet. Bake for 20 minutes depe <END>
INPUT: sauce, Dijon mustard, unsalted butter, salmon fillets, shallots, lingonberry preserves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mustard-Roasted Salmon with Lingonberry Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, divided; 2 6-ounce salmon fillets; 2 tablespoons chopped shallots; 2 tablespoons lingonberry preserves; 2 tablespoons raspberry vinegar | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 450°F. Stir 2 tablespoons mustard and 1 tablespoon melted butter in small dish. Oil small rimmed baking sheet and place salmon on sheet, skin side down. Sprinkle salmon with salt. Spread top of salmon with mustard mixture and season generously with pepper. Bake until salmon is cooked through and mustard browns, about 10 minutes. Meanwhile, heat remaining 1 tablespoon butter in heavy small skillet over medium heat. Add shallots and sauté 2 minutes. Add preserves and vinegar; stir until preserves melt and mixture is smooth. Bring to simmer. Season sauce to taste with salt and pep <END>
INPUT: American, chocolate, olive oil, Salt pepper, canola oil, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Filet Mignon with Chocolate Coffee BBQ Sauce | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 4 (6-ounce) filet mignon steaks; 2 tablespoons olive oil; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 tablespoon canola oil; 1 small or 1/2 large onion, small dice; 4 large garlic cloves, minced; 2 tablespoons chili powder; 1 tablespoon ground cumin; 1 teaspoon ground coriander; 1/4 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1 tablespoon unsweetened cocoa powder; 1 teaspoon smoked sweet paprika or regular sweet paprika; 1 cup plain tomato sauce; 1/2 cup firmly packed brown sugar; 1 cup brewed coffee, dark roast | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the grill to medium heat. Bring the steaks to room temperature, about 20 minutes. Rub the steaks with olive oil and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Set aside. In a medium-size saucepan, melt the butter and oil over medium heat. Add the onion and garlic and saute, stirring frequently, until softened but not browned, being careful not to burn the garlic. Add chili powder, cumin, coriander, cinnamon, cocoa and paprika and cook until fragrant, about 1 minute. Add the tomato sauce and brown sugar and cook, stirring until sugar is dissolved, about 2 minu <END>
INPUT: mission figs, wine, sugar, Kosher salt pepper, thyme
OUTPUT: TITLE: Wine-Poached Figs | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 8 ounces dried mission figs; 1/2 cup red wine; 1/4 cup sugar; Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper; 2 sprigs fresh thyme; Cheese and sliced bread, for serving | INSTRUCTIONS: Trim and halve the figs, place in a saucepan with the wine, sugar, salt and pepper, and bring to a boil. Reduce to a simmer and cook until the wine is reduced by half and slightly thickened, about 10 minutes. Remove from the heat and stir in the thyme sprigs. Serve on top of an assertive cheese, such as Manchego, blue, Taleggio, or a triple cream spread over bread slices. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, soup, Spanish chorizo, garlic, carrot, celery
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spanish Chorizo, Kale and Cranberry Bean Soup 2 | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 8 ounces Spanish chorizo, cut into; 1/4-inch-thick slices; 4 cloves garlic, coarsely chopped; 1 large carrot, peeled and finely chopped; 1 stalk celery, finely chopped; 1 large Spanish onion, finely chopped; 8 ounces kale, stemmed and leaves coarsely chopped; 8 cups chicken stock; 1 cup white wine; 2 teaspoons kosher salt; 2 cups dried cranberry beans or pinto beans, soaked overnight; Olive oil, for drizzling; Active Time: 45 minutes; Total Time: 9 hours 45 minutes (includes soaking time) | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat a medium saucepan over medium-high heat. Add the chorizo and cook until lightly golden brown and the fat has rendered, about 5 minutes. Transfer the chorizo to a paper-towel lined plate and pour out all but 2 tablespoons of the rendered fat. (The amount of fat will vary depending on the chorizo that is used. If your chorizo does not render at least 2 tablespoons of fat, then add olive oil.) Add the garlic, carrots, celery and onions to the fat and cook over medium heat until soft, 8 to 9 minutes. Add the kale and cook until slightly wilted, 2 minutes. Add the stock, wine and salt; cover a <END>
INPUT: Asian, veggie, stack, balsamic vinegar, garlic, olive oil, mint leaves garnish, container tofu
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Veggie and Tofu Stack with Balsamic and Mint | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1/3 cup balsamic vinegar; 2 garlic cloves, minced; 2/3 cup olive oil; 1/3 cup thinly sliced fresh mint leaves plus sprigs for garnish; 1 12-ounce container extra-firm tofu, cut crosswise into 8 slices, drained on paper towels; 1 zucchini, trimmed, cut lengthwise into four 4-inch-long slices; 1 red bell pepper, rounded ends trimmed, seeded, cut lengthwise into 4 pieces; 1 Japanese eggplant, trimmed, cut lengthwise into four 4-inch-long slices; 4 3-inch-diameter portobello or shiitake mushrooms, stems removed; 1 small head of radicchio, quartered through root end | INSTRUCTIONS: Prepare barbecue (medium-high heat). Place vinegar and minced garlic in large bowl. Gradually whisk in olive oil. Stir in sliced mint. Season marinade to taste with salt and pepper. Working in batches, add tofu to marinade and turn to coat. Transfer tofu to baking sheet and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Add zucchini, bell pepper, eggplant, mushrooms, and radicchio to marinade in bowl and toss to coat. Place zucchini, pepper, eggplant, and mushrooms on grill. Sprinkle with salt and pepper. Cook until charred and softened, turning occasionally, about 6 minutes. Transfer to baking sheet. Place t <END>
INPUT: Indian, salad, orange juice, orange zest, olive oil, balsamic vinegar, kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Arctic Char with Orange-Lentil Salad | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup fresh orange juice; 1 teaspoon finely grated orange zest; 5 teaspoons olive oil, divided; 1 tablespoon balsamic vinegar; 3/4 teaspoon kosher salt, divided; 1/2 teaspoon Dijon mustard; 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, divided; 1 package (17 ounces) steamed lentils (or 3 cups canned, rinsed and drained); 1/4 cup chopped mint; 2 tablespoons finely chopped red onion; 4 arctic char fillets (5 ounces each), skin removed; Orange slices and mint sprigs for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat oven to 400°F. In a bowl, whisk orange juice and zest, 4 teaspoons oil, vinegar, 1/2 teaspoon salt, mustard and 1/4 teaspoon pepper. Gently stir in lentils, chopped mint and onion. Arrange fillets on a foil-lined baking sheet. Brush with remaining 1 teaspoon oil; season with remaining 1/4 teaspoon salt and 1/4 teaspoon pepper. Roast until fish is opaque and just cooked through, 10 minutes. Spoon lentil salad onto plates; top with fish. Garnish with orange slices and mint sprigs. Heat oven to 400°F. In a bowl, whisk orange juice and zest, 4 teaspoons oil, vinegar, 1/2 teaspoon salt, mustar <END>
INPUT: pancake, Vegetable, russet potatoes, zucchini, onion, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Baked Zucchini, Potato and Rosemary Pancake | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Vegetable cooking spray; 2 pounds russet potatoes, peeled and grated; 2 medium zucchini, grated; 1/2 onion, grated; 3 garlic cloves, minced; 1/4 cup seasoned bread crumbs; 1/4 cup grated Parmesan, plus 1 tablespoon; 1 teaspoon chopped fresh rosemary leaves, plus sprig for garnish; 2 egg whites, lightly beaten; 2 teaspoons kosher salt; 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 3 tablespoons olive oil; Fresh rosemary sprigs, to garnish; Salmon Cream Cheese, recipe follows; 6 ounces cream cheese, at room temperature | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Place an oven rack in the center of the oven. Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F. Lay the potatoes, zucchini, and onion on 2 kitchen towels. Bring the corners of the towels together and squeeze out the moisture from the vegetables. Place the vegetables in a large bowl. Add the garlic, bread crumbs, Parmesan, chopped rosemary, egg whites, salt, and pepper. Mix well until all ingredients are combined. In a 12-inch skillet, heat the oil over medium heat. Add the vegetable mixture to the pan. Using a spatula, press the mixture evenly into the pan. Cook for 6 minutes o <END>
INPUT: cranberry, unsalted butter, walnuts, sweet Italian sausage, celery, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cranberry-Walnut Stuffing | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, plus more for the baking dish; 1 1/2 cups walnuts; 8 ounces sweet Italian sausage, casings removed; 2 celery stalks, chopped; 1 medium onion, chopped; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 cup dried cranberries; One 14-ounce package cornbread stuffing mix, such as Pepperidge Farm; 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh sage; 2 teaspoons finely chopped fresh thyme; 2 cups turkey or chicken stock; 1 large egg, lightly beaten | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Lightly butter a 2- to 3-quart glass or ceramic baking dish. In a dry saute pan set over medium heat, toast the walnuts until lightly golden brown, about 5 minutes; cool and chop. Melt the butter in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Add the sausage and cook, breaking up any clumps with a wooden spoon, until brown, about 5 minutes. Reduce the heat to medium and add the celery, onion and 1/2 teaspoon salt and cook, stirring occasionally, until softened, about 8 minutes. Stir in the cranberries and cook to just slightly plump  <END>
INPUT: foil, grape tomatoes, parsley, capers, virgin olive oil, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Salmon with Tomatoes and Capers in Foil | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pint grape tomatoes, quartered; 2 tablespoons minced fresh parsley; 2 tablespoons capers, rinsed and chopped; 2 teaspoons extra-virgin olive oil; 2 garlic cloves; Zest and juice of 1 lemon; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; Six 4-ounce salmon fillets; Prepare a grill for medium heat | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. In a medium bowl, combine the tomatoes, parsley, capers, oil, garlic, lemon zest and juice, 1/2 teaspoon salt and 1/4 teaspoon pepper. Season the salmon on both sides with salt and pepper. Place each salmon fillet on a sheet of aluminum foil and top with a few tablespoons of the tomato mixture. Fold the foil sheets into packets. (If making this recipe in advance, store the packets on a baking sheet in the refrigerator until time to grill.) Place the packets on the grill and cover. Cook 10 to 12 minutes for medium. <END>
INPUT: American, buttered, cheesecakes, gingersnap cookies, sugar, dark rum
OUTPUT: TITLE: Hot Buttered Rum Cheesecakes with Rum-Caramel Sauce | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 5 1/2 cups finely ground gingersnap cookies (about 1 3/4 pounds); 1/4 cup sugar; 1/4 cup (packed) golden brown sugar; 1 cup (2 sticks) unsalted butter, melted; 1/2 cup dark rum; 4 8-ounce packages cream cheese, room temperature; 1 1 /2 cups sugar; 4 large eggs; 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1 teaspoon ground nutmeg; 1/2 teaspoon ground cloves; 1/3 cup whipping cream; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; 2 1/2 cups sour cream; 7 tablespoons sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: For crust: Blend ground cookies and both sugars in processor. Add butter and process to blend. Divide cookie mixture among ten 4 1/2-inch-diameter springform pans with 1 1/2-inch-high sides (about 1/2 cup packed per pan). Press crust onto bottoms and up sides of pans. Blend ground cookies and both sugars in processor. Add butter and process to blend. Divide cookie mixture among ten 4 1/2-inch-diameter springform pans with 1 1/2-inch-high sides (about 1/2 cup packed per pan). Press crust onto bottoms and up sides of pans. For filling: Position racks in top and bottom thirds of oven; preheat to  <END>
INPUT: itza, clarified butter, chicken, Salt, pepper, pellets achiote
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken Itza | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 1/2 ounces clarified butter; 3 1/4 pound chicken, skin on, cut into 4 pieces (2 breasts and 2 legs with thighs attached), boned; Salt, to taste; White pepper, to taste; 2 pellets achiote; 1/2 lemon, juiced; 4 sheets parchment paper | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 425 degrees F. Heat 1/8 cup clarified butter in large skillet over medium heat. Lay chicken pieces in pan, skin side down and season generously with salt and pepper. Pour 1 tablespoon clarified butter on top of chicken, increase heat to high and cook, turning once, about 5 minutes per side. Heat 1/4 cup clarified butter in small skillet and add achiote pieces. Mix together to color butter and strain a little over chicken. Drizzle chicken with lemon juice and stir pan residue. Brush parchment with a little achiote butter and divide chicken among the 4 pieces of parchment paper.  <END>
INPUT: sugar, dill, peppercorn, beer, water
OUTPUT: TITLE: Crayfish in a Jar | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon sugar; 2 sprigs dill; 4 white peppercorn; 1 cup beer; 2 cups water; 1 pound crayfish; 1/2 cup salt | INSTRUCTIONS: In a small saucepan bring the sugar, dill, white peppercorn, beer to a boil in 2 cups of water, add the crayfish let cook for 2 minutes, season with salt and pour into the jar and close lid. Serve warm.; <END>
INPUT: oven, crispy rice cereal, bagel chips Melba, virgin olive oil, hot paprika
OUTPUT: TITLE: Oven-Fried Chicken | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Cooking spray; 1 1/3 cups crispy rice cereal; 2 1/4 cups bagel chips or Melba toasts; 5 teaspoons extra-virgin olive oil; 3/4 teaspoon hot paprika; Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper; 1 1/2 cups plain Greek yogurt (2%); 1 teaspoon dijon mustard; 4 skinless, bone-in chicken thighs or halved bone-in breasts (about 6 ounces each); 2 bunches scallions; Harissa, chili sauce or ketchup, for the sauce | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 475 degrees F. Set a rack on a foil-lined baking sheet and generously coat the rack with cooking spray. Finely grind the cereal and bagel chips in a food processor and transfer to a large resealable plastic bag. Add 3 teaspoons olive oil, the paprika, 2 teaspoons salt, and pepper to taste and toss. Whisk 1/2 cup yogurt and the mustard in a shallow bowl. Add the chicken and turn to coat, then transfer to the bag; seal and shake to coat. Place the chicken on the rack and mist with cooking spray. Toss the scallions with the remaining 2 teaspoons olive oil and place alongside t <END>
INPUT: flambeed, mascarpone, tiny chocolate chips, sugar, cinnamon, cherries
OUTPUT: TITLE: Flambeed Crepes with Mascarpone and Cherries | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pint mascarpone, room temperature; 3/4 cup tiny chocolate chips; 1/2 cup sugar; Pinch ground cinnamon; 1 pound cherries, pitted and halved; 3/4 cup sugar; 1 Meyer lemon, zested and juiced; Splash water; 1/2 recipe Basic Crepes, recipe follows; 1/4 cup kirsch, for flambe; 1 cup all-purpose flour; Pinch kosher salt; 2 eggs; 1/2 cup milk; 1/2 cup club soda | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. For the filling: In a small bowl, combine the mascarpone, chocolate chips, sugar, and pinch of cinnamon. Set aside. If making more than 2 hours ahead, reserve in the refrigerator but let come to room temperature before serving. For the sauce: In a small saucepan over medium heat, combine the cherries, sugar, lemon zest and juice, and a splash of water. Cook until the cherries have let off their juices and the flavor has concentrated, 10 to 12 minutes. When done, the cherries should be very sweet and the juice should be syrupy. Turn off the heat and set aside. To  <END>
INPUT: confit, leeks, water, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Leek Confit | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup (1/2 stick) unsalted butter; 4 large leeks (white and pale green parts only), halved lengthwise, cut crosswise into 1/4-inch-thick slices (about 5 cups); 2 tablespoons water; 1/2 teaspoon salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Melt butter in large pot over medium-low heat. Add leeks; stir to coat. Stir in water and salt. Cover pot; reduce heat to low. Cook until leeks are tender, stirring often, about 25 minutes. Uncover and cook to evaporate excess water, 2 to 3 minutes. Serve warm. DO AHEAD: Can be made 1 week ahead. Keep chilled. Rewarm before using. Melt butter in large pot over medium-low heat. Add leeks; stir to coat. Stir in water and salt. Cover pot; reduce heat to low. Cook until leeks are tender, stirring often, about 25 minutes. Uncover and cook to evaporate excess water, 2 to 3 minutes. Serve warm. DO AH <END>
INPUT: Mexican, cakes, sauce, California avocado, low fat mayonnaise, lime juice, salt, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Crab Cakes with Spicy Avocado Sauce | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 ripe medium California avocado, pitted and peeled; 1 tablespoon low-fat mayonnaise; 1 tablespoon fresh lime juice; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 1/4 teaspoon sugar; 1 fresh jalapeño or serrano chile (including seeds), stemmed and quartered lengthwise; 1/4 cup fat-free (skim) milk; 1 pound jumbo lump crabmeat, picked over and coarsely shredded; 3 tablespoons low-fat mayonnaise; 1/4 cup minced fresh chives; 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice; 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard; 1/4 teaspoon black pepper; 1/2 cup panko (Japanese bread crumbs); 1 tablespoon unsalted butter | INSTRUCTIONS: Put oven rack in middle position and preheat oven to 400°F. Line a baking sheet with foil. Put oven rack in middle position and preheat oven to 400°F. Line a baking sheet with foil. Make sauce: Pulse avocado with mayonnaise, lime juice, salt, sugar, and one fourth of chile in a food processor until chile is finely chopped. Add milk and purée until smooth. Add more chile if desired, processing until smooth. Transfer sauce to a bowl and chill, covered. Pulse avocado with mayonnaise, lime juice, salt, sugar, and one fourth of chile in a food processor until chile is finely chopped. Add milk and p <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, virgin olive oil, low sodium chicken, Zest lemons, lemon juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pearl Couscous with Chicken and Peas | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1 1/3 cups (about 7 ounces) pearl (Israeli) couscous; 2 1/2 cups low-sodium chicken broth; Zest of 2 large lemons; 1/4 cup fresh lemon juice (from 1 large lemon); 2 teaspoon kosher salt; 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 1/2 cup freshly grated Parmesan; 4 green onions, chopped; 1 cup frozen peas, thawed; 1 rotisserie chicken breast, chopped to yield 1 cup of meat | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large saucepan, heat the oil over medium-high heat. Add the couscous and cook until lightly toasted, 2 to 3 minutes. Add the broth, lemon zest, lemon juice, salt and pepper. Bring to a boil. Reduce the heat to medium-low and simmer uncovered until the couscous is tender but still firm to the bite, about 8 minutes. Stir in the cheese, green onions, peas and chicken. Spoon into bowls and serve. <END>
INPUT: American, reggie, condensed milk, butter, eggs, pumpkin pie spice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Reggie's Sweet Potato Pie | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 (40-ounce) can cut sweet potatoes in light syrup; 7 ounces sweetened condensed milk; 4 tablespoons melted butter; 2 large eggs; 1 teaspoon pumpkin pie spice; 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract; 1 lemon, zest grated; 1/2 lemon, juiced; 1/2 teaspoon sea salt; 2 tablespoons heavy cream; 1 (8 or 9-inch) frozen deep-dish pie crust shell; 1 cup raw pecans; 1/2 cup heavy cream; 1/2 cup brown sugar; Pinch salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Drain sweet potatoes of their juice. Place sweet potatoes in an 11-cup food processor. Add the rest of the ingredients, except heavy cream, to food processor. Process mixture until smooth. Using a pastry brush, brush heavy cream over the surface of the frozen pie shell. Spoon sweet potato mixture into pie crust smoothing the top over. (Stop here and look below if using pecan topping.) Place on baking sheet and bake in the middle lower third of the oven for 45 minutes. Remove from oven and allow to cool in the refrigerator for several hours or overnight. In a  <END>
INPUT: American, mediterranean, garlic, wine, Feta cheese
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mediterranean Chicken | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 boneless, skinless breasts of chicken; 2 cloves minced garlic; 3/4 cup thawed, drained frozen spinach; 1/4 cup white wine; 4 ounces Feta cheese, cut into 4 pieces; 1 cup drained canned tomatoes, chopped; 3 tablespoons Olive oil; 1/2 cup finely chopped onion; 1 teaspoon dried basil | INSTRUCTIONS: Cut a two inch pocket into the thickest part of each chicken breast. Stuff each pocket with spinach and feta cheese and seal with a tooth pick. Season each breast well with salt and pepper. Heat oil over medium high heat and saute the breasts until golden brown on all sides. Remove chicken to a plate and cover with tin foil. Add onion to remaining oil in pan and cook for 2 minutes. Stir in garlic and cook for 30 seconds. Stir in white wine and bring to a simmer. Stir in tomatoes and basil. Bring to a simmer and return chicken to the pan and cover. Simmer for 10 minutes. Remove lid and season s <END>
INPUT: Indian, tandoori, live lobster, grapeseed oil, garlic, piece ginger, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lobster Tandoori | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 1 live lobster; 3 tablespoons grapeseed oil; 1 clove garlic, chopped; One 1-inch piece of ginger, chopped; 1/2 small onion, chopped; 1/2 teaspoon ground cardamom; 1/2 teaspoon ground cumin; 1/2 teaspoon garam masala; 1/2 teaspoon smoked paprika; 1/4 teaspoon red chili powder; A pinch of salt; A pinch of pepper; 1/4 cup plain yogurt; 1/2 teaspoon honey; Juice of 1/2 lime | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring a large pot of water to a boil. Cut the rubber bands off of the lobster claws and then plunge the live lobsters into the pot. Cover tightly with a lid and cook for 6 to 8 minutes. Remove from the water. When they are cool enough to handle, pull off the claws and cut each lobster in half lengthwise, taking care to keep the shell halves intact (you will need these shells to complete the recipe). Remove the tail meat and clean the lobster shells by removing the green tomalley and rinsing well under cold water. Place them on a baking sheet. Crack the claws open and remove the claw and knuckl <END>
INPUT: American, ranch, PAM® Original No, Fleischmann's® Original, bell pepper, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: King Ranch Chicken | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: PAM® Original No-Stick Cooking Spray; 1/4 cup Fleischmann's® Original-stick; 1/2 cup chopped green bell pepper; 1/2 cup chopped yellow onion; 1 can (10-3/4 oz each) condensed cream of chicken soup; 1 can (10-3/4 oz each) condensed cream of mushroom soup; 1 can (10 oz each) Ro*Tel® Original Diced Tomatoes & Green Chilies, undrained; 2 cups chopped cooked chicken breast; 12 corn tortillas (6 inch), torn into bite-size pieces; 2 cups shredded Cheddar cheese (2 cups = 8 oz) | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. Preheat oven to 325 degrees F. Spray 13x9-inch baking dish with cooking spray; set aside. 2. Melt Fleischmann's in large saucepan over medium heat. Add bell pepper and onion; cook and stir about 5 minutes or until tender. Stir in both soups, undrained tomatoes and chicken. 3. Layer one-third each of tortillas, chicken mixture and cheese evenly in dish. Repeat layers twice more. Bake uncovered 40 minutes or until hot and bubbly. <END>
INPUT: American, potatoes, Kosher salt, pepper, butter, shallots
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pan Seared Strip Steak with Green Peppercorn Sauce and Salt-Baked Potatoes | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 4 (14-ounce) strip steaks, trimmed; Kosher salt; Freshly ground black pepper; 1 tablespoon butter; 1/2 cup minced shallots; 1 tablespoon green peppercorns, preferably in brine, lightly crushed; 1/4 cup brandy; 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard; 1 teaspoon lemon juice; 2 teaspoons lemon zest; 2 tablespoons Worcestershire Sauce; 1/2 cup veal stock, home-made or store-bought; 4 sprigs fresh tarragon, washed, dried, leaves finely chopped; 4 (14-ounce) strip steaks, trimmed; Kosher salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. For the steaks: Heat 2 cast iron skillets large enough to hold 2 of the 4 pieces of beef until they begin to visibly smoke. Season the steaks on both sides with salt and pepper. Shut the heat off underneath the skillet and use a pair of tongs to place the steaks in the pan 1 by 1 in a single layer. Turn the heat on under the skillet and brown the first side, 3 to 5 minutes. Try to resist the temptation to turn them over or move them as they cook. Turn the steaks on the second side and brown, 3 to 5 minutes. Arrange the steaks on a rack to "rest" while you make yo <END>
INPUT: American, salad, leftover barbeque chicken, celery, onion, mayonnaise, leftover barbeque sauce
OUTPUT: TITLE: Round 2 Recipe - Barbeque Chicken Salad | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 pieces leftover barbeque chicken, from Barbeque Chicken with Grilled Squash, meat removed from bone, recipe follows; 2 celery stalks, small dice; 1/2 medium red onion, small dice; 2 tablespoons mayonnaise; 2 tablespoons leftover barbeque sauce, from Barbeque Chicken with Grilled Squash, recipe follows; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 4 hot dogs rolls; 4 leaves romaine lettuce; 1 tablespoon brown sugar; 1 1/2 tablespoons paprika; 1 tablespoon garlic powder; 1 1/2 tablespoons chili powder; 1/4 teaspoon cayenne pepper; 1 tablespoon salt; 2 teaspoons freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: In a medium bowl mix together the chicken, celery, onion, mayonnaise and barbeque sauce. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Divide the chicken salad evenly between the 4 hot dog rolls, top each with a lettuce leaf and serve. In a small bowl add all of the spice rub ingredients. Stir together with a fork until well blended. Reserve 3 tablespoons of the rub for the Grilled Brisket recipe. Sprinkle the remaining spice rub over the chicken parts until well coated. Preheat a grill pan over medium-high heat. Add the chicken and cook for 8 to 10 minutes per side. If using an outdoor grill, heat t <END>
INPUT: American, foccacia, mayonnaise, lemon juice, Italian tuna, salt, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Foccacia Panino | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup mayonnaise; 2 tablespoons lemon juice (from 1/2 lemon); 2 cans Italian tuna, drained; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 4 (4 by 4-inch) pieces focaccia bread; 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, plus extra for greasing the panino pan; 8 slices provolone cheese; 1 bunch frisee lettuce, washed and dried | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. In a medium bowl, mix together the mayonnaise and the lemon juice. Add the tuna, salt, and pepper, and stir to combine. Cut the focaccia in half and brush the outside of the bread with olive oil. Place a slice of cheese on the bottom half of the panino. Top with tuna mixture, then the frisee, and then another slice of cheese. Finish with the top half of the focaccia. Preheat a panino grill, or heat a grill pan over medium heat. Drizzle with olive oil to prevent sticking. Grill the panino until the cheese melts and the bread is crisp and golden, about 5 minutes. C <END>
INPUT: American, bites, Crisco® Original No, tbsps. water, miniature peanut butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Brownie Peanut Butter Bites | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: Crisco® Original No-Stick Cooking Spray; 1 (7.1 oz.) pkg. Pillsbury® Brownie Minis¿ Chocolate Fudge Brownie Mix; 3 tbsps. water; 12 miniature peanut butter cups, unwrapped | INSTRUCTIONS: HEAT oven to 350 degrees F. Coat provided baking trays with no-stick cooking spray. Place on baking sheet. PREPARE brownie mix according to package directions using the water. Fill prepared tray with about 1 tablespoon batter in each cup. BAKE 15 minutes. Remove from oven. Immediately press a peanut butter cup into each brownie. Refrigerate 30 to 40 minutes or until chocolate is set. Remove by running knife around each brownie bite and lifting out of cup. <END>
INPUT: fruit, spiced, wine, orange, honey, cinnamon, vanilla bean
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fruit in Spiced White Wine | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups dry white wine; 4 1/3-inch-thick orange slices (unpeeled), quartered; 1/4 cup honey; 1 cinnamon stick; 1/2 vanilla bean, split lengthwise; 6 apricots, pitted, sliced; 1 1/2 pounds fresh cherries, pitted or one 16-ounce bag frozen unsweetened pitted sweet dark cherries, thawed, well drained | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine 4 ingredients in heavy medium saucepan. Scrape in seeds from vanilla bean; add bean. Bring to boil. Reduce heat to medium-low; simmer 30 minutes to blend flavors. Combine apricots and cherries in large bowl. Pour hot wine mixture over. Cool to room temperature. Cover and chill. (Can be made 1 day ahead. Keep chilled.) Serve fruit with liquid. Combine 4 ingredients in heavy medium saucepan. Scrape in seeds from vanilla bean; add bean. Bring to boil. Reduce heat to medium-low; simmer 30 minutes to blend flavors. Combine apricots and cherries in large bowl. Pour hot wine mixture over. Coo <END>
INPUT: olive oil, onion, cabbage, prosciutto
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cabbage with Prosciutto | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1 medium onion, chopped; 2 pounds green cabbage, halved, cored, very thinly sliced; 2 ounces thinly sliced prosciutto, cut into thin strips | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat 1 tablespoon oil in large Dutch oven over medium-high heat. Add onion and sauté until tender and just beginning to color, about 5 minutes. Add remaining 1 tablespoon oil and cabbage and cook until cabbage is tender, stirring occasionally and adding water by tablespoonfuls if cabbage sticks, about 10 minutes. Mix in prosciutto. Season with salt and pepper. Heat 1 tablespoon oil in large Dutch oven over medium-high heat. Add onion and sauté until tender and just beginning to color, about 5 minutes. Add remaining 1 tablespoon oil and cabbage and cook until cabbage is tender, stirring occasio <END>
INPUT: American, green, goddess, soft goat cheese, sour cream, buttermilk, avocados, tarragon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Butter Lettuce with Goat Cheese Green Goddess Dressing | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 5-ounce package soft fresh goat cheese; 2/3 cup sour cream; 2 cups buttermilk; 2 medium avocados; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh tarragon; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh chives; 8 large heads of butter lettuce, quartered lengthwise (leaving some core attached) | INSTRUCTIONS: Using rubber spatula, mix goat cheese and sour cream in medium bowl. Puree buttermilk, avocados, tarragon, parsley, and chives in blender until smooth. Gradually whisk buttermilk mixture into goat cheese mixture until smooth. Season to taste with salt and pepper. (Dressing can be made 2 days ahead. Cover and refrigerate.) Divide lettuce among plates. Drizzle with dressing. Using rubber spatula, mix goat cheese and sour cream in medium bowl. Puree buttermilk, avocados, tarragon, parsley, and chives in blender until smooth. Gradually whisk buttermilk mixture into goat cheese mixture until smooth <END>
INPUT: torte, Mild olive oil, unsalted matzo meal, almond flour almond, sugar, eggs
OUTPUT: TITLE: Almond-Lemon Torte with Fresh Strawberries | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Mild olive oil (not extra-virgin) for brushing pan plus 6 tablespoons; 4 tablespoons unsalted matzo meal, divided; 2 cups almond flour or almond meal*; 1 cup sugar, divided; 6 large eggs, separated; 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 1 tablespoon orange juice; 2 teaspoons finely grated lemon peel; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/2 cup sliced almonds; 5 cups sliced stemmed strawberries (about 2 pounds), divided; 1 tablespoon (or more) sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: For cake: Preheat oven to 350°F. Brush 10-inch-diameter springform pan with oil. Line bottom with parchment paper round. Brush paper with oil. Place 2 tablespoons matzo meal in pan and shake to coat; tap out excess. Combine remaining 2 tablespoons matzo meal, almond flour, and 1/3 cup sugar in medium bowl; whisk to blend. Place egg yolks in large bowl; place egg whites in another large bowl. Add 1/3 cup sugar to yolks. Using electric mixer, beat yolk mixture until thick and fluffy. Beat in 6 tablespoons olive oil, then lemon juice, orange juice, and lemon peel. Mix in dry ingredients. Add 1/2  <END>
INPUT: Italian, pesto, unsalted, tomato, garlic, handful mint leaves, handful Parmesan
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pasta with Pistachio Pesto | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cups unsalted, shelled roasted natural pistachios; 1 cup chopped tomato; 2 cloves garlic; a handful of fresh mint leaves; a handful of Parmesan, freshly grated; a pinch of crushed red pepper flakes; a pinch of freshly ground black pepper; 2 tablespoons olive oil (or more); 1 pound freshly cooked pasta | INSTRUCTIONS: Pulse 1 1/2 cups unsalted, shelled roasted natural pistachios, 1 cup chopped tomato, 2 garlic cloves, a handful of fresh mint leaves, a handful of grated Parmesan, a pinch of crushed red pepper flakes, and a pinch of freshly ground black pepper in a food processor until a coarse purée forms. Transfer to a bowl; stir in 2 tablespoons olive oil (or more) to form a thick, chunky sauce. Season with kosher salt and pepper. Toss 1 cup pesto with 1 pound freshly cooked pasta, adding pasta cooking liquid by the tablespoonful to form a glossy sauce. Chill remaining pesto to spread on sandwiches. Pulse  <END>
INPUT: salad, baby artichokes, oranges, virgin olive oil, balsamic vinegar, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Artichoke and Orange Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 24 baby artichokes, prepared according to recipe for Trimmed Artichokes; 4 large oranges; 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 2 tablespoons balsamic vinegar; 1 small red onion, thinly sliced; 3/4 cup Kalamata olives or other brine-cured black olives | INSTRUCTIONS: Drain artichokes. Cook in large pot of boiling salted water 4 minutes. Drain and cool. Cut into thin slices. Grate enough orange peel to measure 1 teaspoon. Transfer peel to large bowl. Squeeze in 1/3 cup juice from 1 orange. Using small sharp knife, cut off peel and white pith from remaining oranges. Cut oranges crosswise into 1/4-inch-thick slices; set aside. Mix oil and vinegar into orange juice mixture in bowl. Season with salt and pepper. Mix in artichokes and onion. Let stand 10 minutes. Using slotted spoon, arrange artichokes and onions on platter. Garnish with orange slices and olives. <END>
INPUT: english, Irish breakfast tea, Milk, Sugar cubes, Lemon, Honey
OUTPUT: TITLE: Perfect English Tea | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Irish breakfast tea leaves; Milk; Sugar cubes; Lemon slices; Honey | INSTRUCTIONS: Fill a kettle with cold water and set it to boil. As the water nears a boil, pour a little of it into a teapot to warm it, swirling the water around and then discarding it. For each cup of tea desired, place a spoonful of loose tea leaves into the empty, warmed teapot. Pour the boiling water into the teapot and let the tea steep 3 to 6 minutes, depending on the type of tea leaves. Gently stir the tea before pouring it through strainers into teacups. Serve with milk and sugar cubes, or lemon slices and honey. <END>
INPUT: skewers, beef tenderloin, Garlic Mustard Glaze, garlic, grainy mustard, Dijon mustard
OUTPUT: TITLE: Garlic-Mustard Grilled Beef Skewers | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: One 2-pound beef tenderloin, halved and cut into 1-inch slices; Garlic-Mustard Glaze, recipe follows; 4 cloves garlic, finely chopped; 1/4 cup grainy mustard; 2 tablespoon Dijon mustard; 2 teaspoons Spanish paprika; 1/4 teaspoon kosher salt; 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 1 tablespoon low-sodium soy sauce; 2 tablespoons white wine vinegar; 1 tablespoon honey | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Special equipment: 6-inch wooden skewers, soaked in cold water for 30 minutes Heat grill to high. Skewer 2 pieces of the beef onto 2 skewers so that the meat lies flat. Brush the meat liberally on both sides with the Garlic-Mustard Glaze. Grill the meat for 2 to 3 minutes per side until golden brown and cooked to medium-rare doneness, brushing with the remaining glaze while grilling. Remove from grill and serve. Whisk together all ingredients in a small bowl. Cover and let sit at room temperature for 30 minutes before using. <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, middle, eastern, virgin olive oil, baby Italian eggplants, Kosher salt, roasted garlic hummus, cherry grape tomatoes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Middle-Eastern Eggplant Rounds | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil; 2 baby Italian eggplants (about 6 ounces each), unpeeled, cut into 8 rounds each; Kosher salt; 1/2 cup roasted garlic hummus or other prepared hummus; 4 cherry or grape tomatoes, quartered; 2 tablespoons fresh flat-leaf parsley leaves; 1 teaspoon finely grated lemon zest | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat a large nonstick skillet over medium-high heat and add the oil. Add the eggplant rounds and season with 1/4 teaspoon salt. Cover and cook until brown on the bottoms, about 4 minutes. Reduce the heat to medium-low and, working quickly, flip each eggplant round and top with a dollop of hummus and a cherry tomato quarter, rounded-side down. Cover and cook until heated through and the bottoms are golden brown, about 7 minutes. Transfer to a platter using a spatula. Sprinkle with the parsley and lemon zest and serve. <END>
INPUT: seeds, basmati rice, flax seed, onion, garlic, kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Basmati Rice with Flax Seeds and Garbanzo Beans | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups basmati rice; 1/4 cup flax seed; 1/2 small onion, diced; 5 cloves garlic, chopped; 2 teaspoons kosher salt; 3 tablespoons olive oil; 1/2 small onion, diced; 2 cloves garlic, chopped; One 15-ounce can garbanzo beans, drained and rinsed; 1 teaspoon dried thyme; 1/2 cup chicken broth | INSTRUCTIONS: For the rice: Bring 4 cups water to a boil in a medium saucepot. Add the basmati, flax seeds, onions, garlic and salt. Cover, reduce the heat to low, and cook until the rice is tender and has absorbed all of the liquid, 15 to 20 minutes. (If using a rice cooker, combine the ingredients in the rice cooker, stir, and cook according to manufacturer's instructions.) For the beans: Meanwhile, heat the olive oil in a medium skillet over medium heat. Add the onions and saute until softened and translucent, about 3 minutes. Add the garlic and saute for 2 minutes. Add the garbanzo beans, thyme and chic <END>
INPUT: rugelach, cream cheese, sifted all purpose, salt, dates
OUTPUT: TITLE: Date Walnut Rugelach | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 sticks (1 cup) unsalted butter, softened; 8 ounces cream cheese, softened; 3 cups sifted all-purpose flour (sift before measuring); 1/2 teaspoon salt; 8 ounces pitted dates (about 1 1/3 cups); 1/2 cup walnuts; 1/2 cup granulated sugar; 1 teaspoon cinnamon; 1/4 teaspoon vanilla; Confectioners' sugar for rolling out dough | INSTRUCTIONS: Make dough: In a food processor blend butter and cream cheese until smooth. Add flour and salt and pulse just until mixture forms a ball. Form dough into a log. Chill dough, wrapped well in plastic wrap, at least 4 hours and up to 1 day. In a food processor blend butter and cream cheese until smooth. Add flour and salt and pulse just until mixture forms a ball. Form dough into a log. Chill dough, wrapped well in plastic wrap, at least 4 hours and up to 1 day. Make filling: Finely chop dates and walnuts and in a bowl with your hands toss together dates, walnuts, sugar, cinnamon, and vanilla unt <END>
INPUT: sundaes, vanilla ice cream, amaretto, brandy, peaches, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Peach-Amaretto Sundaes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 pints vanilla ice cream, softened slightly; 5 tablespoons amaretto; 2 tablespoons brandy; 6 ripe peaches, peeled if desired, pitted, cut into 1/2-inch-thick slices; 1/4 cup sugar; 1 cup crushed amaretti cookies | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine ice cream, 3 tablespoons amaretto and 1 tablespoon brandy in large bowl. Stir to blend well. Cover and freeze until firm. (Can be prepared 2 days ahead. Keep ice cream mixture frozen.) Combine peaches, sugar, remaining 2 tablespoons amaretto and remaining 1 tablespoon brandy in another large bowl. Toss to coat. Let peach mixture stand until sugar dissolves, tossing occasionally, about 15 minutes. Divide sliced peaches among 6 dessert bowls or wineglasses. Spoon vanilla ice cream mixture atop peaches. Sprinkle desserts with crushed amaretti cookies. Serve immediately. Combine ice cream, <END>
INPUT: drizzle, milk ricotta cheese, confectioners' sugar, goat cheese, orange, vanilla bean
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cannoli with Chocolate Drizzle | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup whole milk ricotta cheese; 1/2 cup confectioners' sugar; 4 ounces goat cheese; 1 orange, zested; 1 vanilla bean; 6 large cannoli shells, premade; 12 ounces bittersweet chocolate, melted | INSTRUCTIONS: In a food processor add ricotta, sugar, goat cheese, orange zest and vanilla. Pulse until incorporated, do not over mix. Place filling into a resealable plastic bag and cut the tip off to create a piping bag. Fill each shell with the cannoli filling and drizzle with melted chocolate. <END>
INPUT: skordalla, day old bread, milk, garlic, Juice zest lemon, almonds
OUTPUT: TITLE: Skordalla with Chickpeas | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups 1/2-inch diced day-old bread, without the crust; 1 cup whole milk; 4 cloves garlic; Juice and grated zest of 1 lemon; 1 cup almonds, toasted; 3/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil; Salt; 1 cup cooked chickpeas; 3 tablespoons chopped flat-leaf parsley | INSTRUCTIONS: In a bowl, soak the bread in the milk for 30 minutes. Squeeze out the excess milk from the bread (save the milk) and put the bread in a blender with the garlic, lemon juice and zest, almonds, olive oil, and salt. Puree until smooth, adding enough milk to bring to a hummus consistency. Mix with the chickpeas and parsley. This recipe was provided by professional chefs and has been scaled down from a bulk recipe provided by a restaurant. The Food Network Kitchens chefs have not tested this recipe, in the proportions indicated, and therefore, we cannot make any representation as to the results. <END>
INPUT: granita, pear halves pear, honey, cranberries, mint
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pear and Cranberry Granita | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 15-ounce can pear halves in pear juice concentrate and water, drained, juices reserved; 1/4 cup honey; 1 1/4 cups (about) 100% cranberry juice; Fresh cranberries (optional); Fresh mint sprigs (optional) | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine pears and honey in processor; puree until smooth. Pour reserved pear juices into 2-cup measuring cup. Add enough cranberry juice to pear juices to measure 2 cups. Add juice mixture to processor and process until well blended. Transfer to 13x9x2-inch glass baking dish. Freeze until frozen, at least 5 hours or overnight. Using fork, scrape surface of granita to form crystals. Divide granita among 6 dessert glasses. Garnish with cranberries and mint sprigs, if desired. Combine pears and honey in processor; puree until smooth. Pour reserved pear juices into 2-cup measuring cup. Add enough  <END>
INPUT: cupcakes, Two bottles hard, sugar, unsalted butter, eggs
OUTPUT: TITLE: Hard Cider Cupcakes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Two 12-ounce bottles hard cider; 1/2 cup sugar; Nonstick cooking spray, for spraying the cupcake liners; 1 stick unsalted butter, at room temperature; 2 large eggs; 2 teaspoons vanilla extract; 1 1/4 cups all-purpose flour; 1/2 teaspoon baking soda; 1/4 teaspoon kosher salt; 3 tablespoons apple butter; 2 tablespoons sour cream | INSTRUCTIONS: Put the cider in a saucepan, bring to a simmer and cook until reduced to 3/4 cup, about 20 minutes. Remove 1/4 cup of the reduced cider and reserve. Add 3 tablespoons of the sugar to the saucepan with the remaining 1/2 cup cider. Heat to combine and set aside. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line a 12-cup muffin tin with 9 liners and spray with nonstick cooking spray. Using a stand mixer fitted with a paddle attachment, cream the butter and remaining 5 tablespoons sugar until fluffy, 2 to 3 minutes. Add the eggs one a time, stirring between each addition, followed by the vanilla extract. Be <END>
INPUT: Italian, torte, refrigerated pie crust, olive oil, pancetta, whipping cream, milk
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pancetta and Parmesan Torte | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 refrigerated pie crust (half of 15-ounce package), room temperature; 1 teaspoon olive oil; 4 ounces thinly sliced pancetta, chopped; 2/3 cup whipping cream; 1/2 cup whole milk; 3 large eggs; 3 tablespoons finely chopped fresh Italian parsley leaves; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 2/3 cup shredded Parmesan | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Position the rack on the bottom third of the oven and preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Press the crust into a 9-inch-diameter tart pan with a removable bottom. Trim the edges; set aside. Heat the oil in a heavy medium skillet over medium heat. Add the pancetta and saute until crisp, about 7 minutes. Using a slotted spoon, transfer the pancetta to paper towels and drain. Beat the cream, milk, eggs, parsley, salt, and pepper in a medium bowl to blend. Stir in the cheese and pancetta. Pour the cream mixture into the crust. Bake the torte until the filling puffs an <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, cherry tomatoes, virgin olive oil, pepper flakes, Kosher salt, feta cheese
OUTPUT: TITLE: Stuffed Cherry Tomatoes | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 24 cherry tomatoes (preferably heirloom); 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, plus more for drizzling; 1/4 teaspoon red pepper flakes; Kosher salt; 2 ounces feta cheese, cut into 24 small cubes (about 1/2 cup); 1 tablespoon black olive paste; Flaky sea salt; 1/4 cup fresh mint, torn | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the broiler. Slice off the top 1/4 inch of each tomato, then scoop out and discard some of the core using a melon baller or small spoon. Cut a thin sliver off the bottom of the tomatoes so they will sit flat. Put the tomatoes on a rimmed baking sheet and toss with the olive oil, red pepper flakes and 1/4 teaspoon kosher salt, then stand them up and press a cube of feta about halfway inside each one. Broil until the cheese is browned and slightly soft, about 2 minutes. Mix the olive paste with 1 tablespoon water and dot all over a serving plate. Arrange the broiled tomatoes on the plate <END>
INPUT: chili, olive oil, sweet onion, potatoes into quarters, Coarse salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: One Pan Chili Chicken | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 teaspoons olive oil; 3/4 pounds boneless, skinless chicken cut into cubes; 1 small sweet onion, thinly sliced; 1/2 pound small red potatoes cut into quarters, about 8 potatoes; Coarse salt; Cracked pepper; 1 cup shredded carrots; 1 garlic clove, minced; 2 teaspoons sweet paprika; 1 teaspoon ground cumin; 1 teaspoon dried oregano; 1 (15 ounce) can whole plum tomatoes; 3/4 cups long grain rice; 1 1/2 cups low sodium, fat free chicken broth; 1 cup frozen peas | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat the oil in a non-stick paella pan, wok pan or 12-inch skillet. Add the chicken, and cook until golden brown on all sides, about 3 to 5 minutes. Remove from pan and set aside. Add the onions and potatoes and cook, stirring often, until onions have softened and are lightly golden, about 10 to 12 minutes. Season with salt and pepper. Add carrots, garlic, paprika, cumin, oregano, tomatoes, rice, broth and the cooked chicken. If it appears too dry, add more liquid. Bring to a boil and immediately reduce to a simmer. Cook, covered, for 20 minutes. Remove cover, add the peas to the top without s <END>
INPUT: Mexican, crepes, all purpose flour, milk, lukewarm water, eggs, olive oil butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chorizo-Leek Crepes with Sour Cream and Chives | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup all-purpose flour; 1/2 cup milk; 1/4 cup lukewarm water; 2 large eggs; 1 tablespoon olive oil or melted butter, plus 1 tablespoon olive oil; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1 1/2 cups sliced leeks; 2 cups finely diced chorizo or andouille sausage; 1/2 cup sour cream; 1/4 cup minced fresh chives | INSTRUCTIONS: In a blender or food processor, combine flour, milk, water, eggs, olive oil or melted butter, and salt. Puree or blend until smooth. Pour batter into a pitcher or container with a pouring lip (or leave in blender jar). Cover with plastic and refrigerate for at least 30 minutes, (optional). Heat the remaining 1 tablespoon of olive oil in a large nonstick skillet over medium heat. Add leeks and saute 5 minutes, until tender. Add chorizo and cook 3 to 5 minutes, until heated through. Remove mixture from pan and set aside. Cover with foil to keep warm. Return skillet to medium heat. For each crepe <END>
INPUT: American, water, grits, Cheddar, butter, heavy cream
OUTPUT: TITLE: Barbecue Salmon over Cheddar Grits | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 1/2 cups water; 1 cup grits; 2/3 cup shredded Cheddar (about 4 ounces); 2 tablespoons butter, cut into cubes; 1/2 cup heavy cream; 4 strips cooked bacon; Salt; 6 (6-ounce) salmon fillets; 3 tablespoons your choice of barbecue sauce; 3 tablespoons steak sauce (recommended: HP); 1 tablespoon minced fresh cilantro leaves; 3 tablespoons minced fresh mint leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring 2 1/2 cups water to a boil in a medium saucepot, slowly stir in grits, return to a simmer and let cook for 10 minutes. Remove from heat, stir in cheese, butter, heavy cream, crumbled bacon, and salt, to taste. Cover and let sit while you cook the fish. Preheat oven to 375 degrees F. Heat grill or grill pan over medium-high heat. Combine barbecue sauce, steak sauce, and cilantro, and set aside until needed. Season salmon with salt, and grill salmon. (Cook over indirect heat if using gas grill.) Leave undisturbed for the first 3 minutes to let the caramelization process begin to prevent th <END>
INPUT: mojito, sugar, pineapple, limes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pineapple-Mint Mojito | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 cup sugar; 1 cup (packed) fresh mint leaves; 1/4 pineapple, peeled, cored, cut into 1" pieces (about 1 1/2 cups); 1/4 pineapple, peeled, cored, cut into 1" pieces (about 1 1/2 cups); 4 limes, each cut into 8 wedges, divided; 1/2 cup (packed) fresh mint leaves; 2 cups light rum; Club soda (for serving) | INSTRUCTIONS: For pineapple-mint purée: Bring sugar and 1 cup water to a boil in a small saucepan, stirring to dissolve sugar. Remove from heat, add mint, and let cool completely. Meanwhile, place pineapple in a blender and purée until smooth. Strain mint syrup through a fine-mesh sieve into pineapple purée and pulse to combine. Transfer to a jar, cover, and chill. Bring sugar and 1 cup water to a boil in a small saucepan, stirring to dissolve sugar. Remove from heat, add mint, and let cool completely. Meanwhile, place pineapple in a blender and purée until smooth. Strain mint syrup through a fine-mesh siev <END>
INPUT: Mexican, unsweetened coconut flakes, limes, water, sugar, ginger root
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pineapple with Lime and Coconut | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup unsweetened coconut flakes; 2 limes, zested and juiced; 1/4 cup water; 1/3 cup sugar; 1 inch ginger root, peeled; 1 pineapple, fresh, cored - available in produce department; 1 kiwi | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine coconut flakes with lime zest. Toast in a small skillet or in a toaster oven until coconut is golden brown remove from heat to a plate and reserve. Add lime juice, water, sugar and ginger to the pan or a small sauce pot. Bring to a bubble and dissolve the sugar. Remove syrup from heat and let stand. Cut pineapple into bite-size chunks and arrange on a plate. Peel and slice the kiwi into thin disks and arrange on pineapple. Scatter lime-scented toasted coconut over the fruit and drizzle the syrup down over the fruit in a slow, even stream. <END>
INPUT: pancakes, lemon, pineapple, sugar, crème fraîche
OUTPUT: TITLE: Banana Pancakes with Pineapple and Crème Fraîche | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 lemon, thinly sliced, seeds removed; 3 cups finely chopped pineapple (from about 1 medium pineapple); 1 cup sugar; 1 cup crème fraîche; 1 tablespoon sugar; 2 cups all-purpose flour; 1 teaspoon kosher salt; 2 large eggs; 2 cups whole milk; 12 tablespoons (1 1/2 sticks) unsalted butter, melted; 4 ripe bananas, peeled, sliced 1/4" thick | INSTRUCTIONS: For pineapple marmalade: Bring lemon, pineapple, sugar, and 1/2 cup water to a boil in a medium saucepan. Reduce heat and simmer until pineapple and lemon are soft, 35-45 minutes. Let cool completely. Bring lemon, pineapple, sugar, and 1/2 cup water to a boil in a medium saucepan. Reduce heat and simmer until pineapple and lemon are soft, 35-45 minutes. Let cool completely. For whipped crème fraîche: Whisk crème fraîche and sugar in a medium bowl until thickened, about 2 minutes. Whisk crème fraîche and sugar in a medium bowl until thickened, about 2 minutes. For pancakes and assembly: Preheat <END>
INPUT: anchovy, garlic, milk additional thinning, virgin olive oil, mayonnaise
OUTPUT: TITLE: Anchovy Mayonnaise | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 12 large garlic cloves, peeled and smashed with side of a large heavy knife; 3/4 cup whole milk plus additional for thinning sauce; 1 (2-oz) can flat anchovies (56 g; about 12 fillets), drained; 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 1/4 cup mayonnaise | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine garlic and milk in a 1- to 1 1/2-quart heavy saucepan and gently simmer over low heat, uncovered, until garlic is very tender, about 20 minutes. Cool slightly, about 5 minutes, then purée mixture with anchovies, oil, and mayonnaise in a blender until smooth. (Use caution when blending hot liquids.) Add more milk to thin if necessary. Combine garlic and milk in a 1- to 1 1/2-quart heavy saucepan and gently simmer over low heat, uncovered, until garlic is very tender, about 20 minutes. Cool slightly, about 5 minutes, then purée mixture with anchovies, oil, and mayonnaise in a blender unt <END>
INPUT: Mexican, salad, lime juice, wine vinegar, olive oil, Salt pepper, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Zucchini and Bean Salad | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons fresh lime juice, from about 1 lime; 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar; 1/4 cup olive oil, plus more for brushing; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1/2 cup finely chopped red onion; 1/4 cup chopped fresh cilantro; 2 serrano chiles, stemmed, seeded and finely chopped; 2 cloves garlic, minced; 1 (15-ounce) can white kidney beans, rinsed and drained; 1 (15-ounce) can red kidney beans, rinsed and drained; 3 zucchini, cut lengthwise into 1/2-inch thick slices | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Prepare a barbecue or grill pan to medium-high. In a medium glass bowl, whisk the lime juice, vinegar and oil until slightly thickened. Season with salt and pepper. Add the red onions, cilantro, serrano chiles and garlic and toss gently until the vegetables are coated. Add the beans and stir to combine. Season with salt and pepper. Brush the zucchinis on both sides with olive oil. Sprinkle with salt and pepper. Grill the zucchini on a lightly oiled grill rack until tender, turning over once, about 4 minutes per side. Cut the zucchini crosswise into 1-inch pieces. <END>
INPUT: chowder, littleneck clams, pre bacon, Aleppo pepper, unsalted butter, celery
OUTPUT: TITLE: Clam Chowder 2 | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 5 pounds littleneck clams, scrubbed in cold water until no grit remains on the shells; 8 ounces pre-sliced bacon, cut into 1-inch pieces; Dried Aleppo pepper (or any other smoky dried pepper), for dusting; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 2 stalks green celery, washed, trimmed and sliced into 1/2-inch rounds; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 cloves garlic, peeled and minced; 2 leeks (white and light green part only), cleaned and diced; 1 small yellow onion, peeled and diced; 1 cup dry vermouth; 2 cups heavy cream; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh thyme; 4 Yukon gold potatoes, washed and cut into 3/4-inch dice; 2 bay leaves; Hot sauce, for flavor | INSTRUCTIONS: Place a large pot or rondeau on the stove and add 3 cups water. Bring the water to a boil and add the clams. Cook until the clams pop open. Though it is important to stir the clams as they cook, take care because the shells are fragile and break easily. Put the clams in a colander and reserve the cooking liquid. Shell the clams; discard the shells and reserve the clam meat and the liquid separately. Add the bacon to another large pot and cook over medium heat until crispy. Drain the bacon with a slotted spoon onto a paper towel, dust with Aleppo pepper and set aside. Add the butter to the baco <END>
INPUT: Mexican, tacos, salsa, Olive oil, garlic, beans, rolled oats, cornmeal
OUTPUT: TITLE: Black Bean Tacos with Corn Salsa | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: Olive oil cooking spray; 2 cloves garlic; 2 1/2 cups canned black beans, rinsed and drained; 1/4 cup rolled oats; 1/4 cup cornmeal; 1 tablespoon chili powder; 1 teaspoon kosher salt, divided; 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, divided; 8 small corn tortillas; 1 cup corn, thawed if frozen; 1 medium red bell pepper, chopped; 1 small green chile, diced; 2 scallions, chopped; Juice of 2 limes; 1/4 cup chopped fresh cilantro | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat oven to 400°F. Coat a baking sheet with cooking spray. In a food processor, chop garlic. Add beans, oats, cornmeal, chili powder, 3/4 teaspoon salt and 1/4 teaspoon black pepper; process, stopping once or twice to scrape down sides, until mixture is combined, 1 minute. Crumble bean mixture with hands, sprinkle on prepared sheet, and coat with cooking spray. Bake until firm and crisp on bottom, 10 to 15 minutes. Use a spoon to break up pieces, coat with cooking spray, and bake until crisp all over, 10 to 15 minutes. Stack tortillas and wrap in foil; warm in oven 5 minutes. In a bowl, combi <END>
INPUT: vinaigrette, carrots, snow peas, seasoned rice vinegar, Dijon mustard, honey
OUTPUT: TITLE: Carrot, Snow Pea, and Red Pepper Julienne in Honey Vinaigrette | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 medium carrots, cut into julienne strips; 1/4 pound snow peas, trimmed and cut into julienne strips; 3 tablespoons seasoned rice vinegar; 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard; 1/2 teaspoon honey; 1 small red bell pepper, cut into julienne strips | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large saucepan of boiling salted water blanch carrots 1 minute. Add snow peas and cook mixture 10 seconds more. In a colander drain carrots and snow peas and rinse under cold water. Drain carrots and snow peas well. In a bowl stir together vinegar, mustard, and honey and add carrots, snow peas, and bell pepper, tossing to coat. Season salad with salt and pepper. Serves 2. In a large saucepan of boiling salted water blanch carrots 1 minute. Add snow peas and cook mixture 10 seconds more. In a colander drain carrots and snow peas and rinse under cold water. Drain carrots and snow peas well. <END>
INPUT: American, spread, onion, olive oil, roasted bell peppers, flat leaf parsley, kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Caramelized Onion, Roasted Pepper and Cinnamon Cheese Spread | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 large onion, thinly sliced; 3 tablespoons olive oil; 1/3 cup roasted red bell peppers, drained and coarsely chopped; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh flat-leaf parsley; 1/8 teaspoon kosher salt; 1/8 teaspoon coarse ground black pepper; 1 package (3 oz.) cream cheese, softened; 1/2 teaspoon cinnamon; 24 Keebler® Town House® Original crackers | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. In large skillet cook onion in oil, uncovered, over medium-high heat for 15 to 20 minutes or until golden brown, stirring occasionally. 2. Stir in bell peppers, parsley, salt and black pepper. Cook over medium heat for 4 minutes more, stirring occasionally. 3. Meanwhile, in small bowl stir together cream cheese and cinnamon. Spread on KEEBLER TOWN HOUSE Original crackers. Top with onion mixture. Serve warm or at room temperature. Entwine Pairing: Chardonnay (sweet onions and tangy red peppers bring out the wine's apricot fruit) Nutrition Information: Serving Size: 2 crackers, 1.5 tsp cream  <END>
INPUT: pops, mint very mint, lemon juice, Special
OUTPUT: TITLE: Yellow Watermelon & Mint Pops | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 cup (150 g) sugar; 5 to 6 large sprigs fresh mint plus 2 teaspoons very thinly sliced fresh mint; 1 quart (960 ml) peeled, seeded, and chopped yellow watermelon; 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; Special equipment: 8 (1/2-cup/120-ml) ice pop molds (and wooden sticks, if required for your molds) | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. Combine the sugar and 3/4 cup (180 ml) water in a medium saucepan. Bring them to a boil, stirring often to dissolve the sugar. Reduce the heat to medium-low and cover. Simmer until the syrup is lightly thickened, about 5 minutes. Remove the saucepan from the heat. Stir in the mint sprigs, and let the pan stand, uncovered, until the syrup is completely cooled. Drain the syrup in a wire sieve over a bowl, squeezing the mint between your fingertips to extract the very last drops; discard the mint. 2. Purée the watermelon in a food processor or blender. (If you wish, leave some of the watermelo <END>
INPUT: chilled, soup, olive oil, carrots, onion, balsamic vinegar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chilled Beet Soup with Chives | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons olive oil, for frying; 3 medium carrots, peeled, chopped; 1 onion, finely chopped; 3 tablespoons balsamic vinegar, red wine vinegar or raspberry vinegar; 2 (15-ounce cans) sliced beets with liquid; 1 tablespoon honey; 2 cups buttermilk or 2 cups milk plus 2 tablespoons lemon juice; Salt and pepper; Garnish: chopped fresh chives and sour cream | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large nonstick skillet, heat oil over low heat. Add carrots and onion. Cover; cook over medium low heat until vegetables are just tender, stirring occasionally, about 15 minutes. Add vinegar, cover and cook until vegetables are very tender, about 10 minutes longer, or until the vinegar has reduced. Working in batches, add beets with their liquid, honey, and carrot mixture to blender. Puree. Transfer to large bowl. Mix in buttermilk. Season with salt and pepper. Chill until cold, about 3 hours. (Can be made 2 days ahead, covered and chilled.) To serve, ladle into bowls or mugs. Top with ch <END>
INPUT: American, sandwiches, Vegetable oil, all purpose flour, kosher salt, pepper, eggs
OUTPUT: TITLE: Crispy Eggplant and Portobello Mushroom and Cheese Sandwiches | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: Vegetable oil cooking spray; 1/2 cup all-purpose flour; 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt; 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 3 large eggs, beaten, at room temperature; 2 cups panko breadcrumbs; Four 1/2-inch-thick eggplant slices (1/2 a medium eggplant); Four 4-inch diameter portobello mushrooms, stemmed; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, for drizzling, optional; Four 1/2- to 3/4-inch-thick slices country wheat bread, toasted or grilled; 3/4 cup jarred tomato-basil sauce, such as Giada De Laurentiis for Target; 8 ounces gruyere cheese, shredded; 2 cups arugula | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Place an oven rack in the center of the oven. Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F. Spray 2 heavy baking sheets with vegetable oil cooking spray or line with silicon baking mats. Set aside. In a medium bowl, mix together the flour, salt and pepper. Place the eggs in another medium bowl. Place the breadcrumbs in a third medium bowl. Toss the eggplant slices and mushrooms in the flour mixture to coat. Working in batches, dip the eggplant slices and mushrooms first in the eggs and then into the breadcrumbs to coat. Arrange in a single layer on the prepared baking sheet <END>
INPUT: piccata, turkey breast, Kosher salt, pepper, all purpose flour, olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Turkey Piccata | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 whole turkey breast, approximately 1 1/2 to 2 pounds; Kosher salt; Freshly ground black pepper; 1/2 cup all-purpose flour; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 6 tablespoons unsalted butter; 2 tablespoons finely chopped shallots; 1/2 cup white wine; 1/3 cup freshly squeezed lemon juice; 2 tablespoons freshly chopped parsley leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat oven to 200 degrees F. Cut the turkey breast crosswise into 1/2-inch pieces. Place pieces of turkey, 1 at a time, between 2 pieces of plastic wrap. Squirt the meat lightly with water and squirt the top of the plastic wrap as well. Pound to no less than 1/8 inch thickness. Season both sides of meat with salt and pepper and then dredge in flour. Shake off the excess flour. Set aside. In a large saute pan over medium to medium high heat, heat olive oil and 4 tablespoons butter. Once hot, but not yet smoking, brown turkey scaloppine quickly, about 1 minute on <END>
INPUT: chowder, bacon, onion, corn kernels, milk, baking potatoes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Corn and Green Chile Chowder | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 slices bacon, chopped; 1 large onion, minced; 3 cups fresh corn kernels, scraped from the cob, or frozen; 3 cups whole milk; 1 pound baking potatoes, peeled and diced; 1 teaspoon salt; 1/2 cup whipping cream; 1 cup roasted, peeled and chopped mild green New Mexican, Anaheim, or Poblano chiles Fresh ground black pepper; 2 tablespoons fresh chives, minced | INSTRUCTIONS: Fry the bacon in a large saucepan over medium heat until brown and crisp. Remove the bacon with a slotted spoon and reserve. Stir the onion into the bacon drippings and cook until the onion is soft and translucent, about 5 minutes. Puree 1 cup of corn with 1 cup of milk in a blender. Pour the mixture into the pan and add the remaining milk and corn along with the potatoes and 1 teaspoon of salt. Reduce the heat to medium-low and cook 10 to 15 minutes, or until the potatoes are fork-tender. Stir in the cream and the green chile. Add salt and pepper, to taste. Ladle the chowder into bowls, garni <END>
INPUT: Kosher salt pepper, onion, garlic, Several herbs
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Turkey | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 (8 to 10 pound) turkey; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 medium onion, quartered; 1 head garlic, halved; Several sprigs fresh herbs, such as; thyme, parsley, rosemary, and sage; 2 bay leaves; 8 tablespoons unsalted butter (1 stick), melted; Serving Suggestions: Sage, Sausage and Apple Dressing, recipe follows; 16 -ounce bag stuffing cubes; 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, plus more for greasing the pan and topping; 1 pound fresh sage sausage, casing removed; 1 medium onion, chopped; 2 cooking apples, such as Gravenstein, Rome, or Golden Delicious, peeled, cored, and chopped; 1 to 2 ribs celery with leaves, chopped; 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Adjust a rack to lowest position and remove other racks. Preheat oven to 325 degrees F. Remove turkey parts from neck and breast cavities and reserve for other uses, if desired. Dry bird well with paper towels, inside and out. Salt and pepper inside the breast cavity and stuff the onion, garlic, herbs, and bay leaves inside. Set the bird on a roasting rack in a roasting pan; breast side up and brush generously with half the butter and season with salt and pepper. Tent the bird with foil. Roast the turkey for 2 hours. Remove the foil and baste with the remaining b <END>
INPUT: Mexican, puerco, pork butt, salt, pepper, lemon pepper, oregano
OUTPUT: TITLE: Puerco Con Chile Verde | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 3 pounds pork butt, cubed (with fat); 2 teaspoons salt; 1 teaspoon black pepper; 1 teaspoon lemon pepper; 1/4 teaspoon ground oregano; 4 cloves garlic, minced; 3 cups Salsa Verde, recipe follows; 1/2 cup fresh cilantro, chopped; 1/2 teaspoon ground cumin; 2 small cans green chiles, minced; 1 large yellow onion, chopped; 12 tomatillos, husks removed; 4 cloves garlic; 2 jalapenos, stems removed; 1 serrano pepper, stem removed | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. In a large skillet, add the pork butt, salt, black pepper, lemon pepper, oregano and garlic and cook for 10 minutes. Add the Salsa Verde, cilantro, cumin, green chiles and onions and cook for another 5 minutes. Transfer to a slow cooker, cover and cook on high for 30 minutes, and then turn down to low and cook for 3 hours to 3 hours 30 minutes. Salsa Verde: In a saucepan, boil the tomatillos, garlic, jalapenos, serrano pepper and half of the onions in 2 cups of water until the mixture floats to the top of the saucepan, about 30 minutes. Strain out the pulp and re <END>
INPUT: minestrone, bell peppers, garlic, EVOO, smoky bacon pancetta, rosemary
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Red Pepper Minestrone | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 large red bell peppers; 3 heads garlic; 1/4 cup EVOO, plus more for drizzling; 4 ounces smoky bacon or pancetta, chopped; 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh rosemary; 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh thyme; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh oregano; 3 to 4 cloves garlic, sliced; 2 carrots, chopped; 2 stalks celery, chopped; 1 large fresh bay leaf; 1 fresh red chile pepper, seeded and finely chopped; 1 onion, chopped; 1 starchy potato, peeled and chopped; Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat the broiler. Arrange the bell peppers on a baking sheet and broil, turning occasionally, until the skins are blackened. Transfer the peppers to a bowl, cover and let cool. Peel and seed the peppers. Puree 4 peppers in a food processor with any juices that collected in the bowl. Reserve the remaining 2 peppers for another recipe, such as Make-Ahead Paella Casserole or Roasted Squash Chili Mac. Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Cut off the top third of each garlic head, drizzle with EVOO and wrap in foil. Roast until tender. Reserve 2 heads for another recipe, such as Middle Eastern Garlic <END>
INPUT: salad, octopus, carrots, onion, parsley, peppercorns
OUTPUT: TITLE: Octopus, Cannellini and Arugula Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: a 3 1/2-pound frozen octopus, thawed; 2 carrots, sliced; 1 large onion, sliced; 3 fresh parsley sprigs; 1 teaspoon whole black peppercorns; 8 whole cloves; 1 bay leaf; 2 celery ribs, 1 rib halved and the other cut into 1/4-inch-thick slices; 1/2 cup dried cannellini or Great Northern beans, picked over; 1 bunch arugula, washed well and spun dry; 3 tablespoons lemon juice; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1/4 teaspoon dried hot red pepper flakes | INSTRUCTIONS: Cut tentacles from octopus and discard head. In a large kettle combine octopus, carrots, onion, parsley, peppercorns, cloves, bay leaf, and halved celery rib with water to cover. Bring water to a boil and simmer, covered, 40 minutes, or until octopus is tender. Remove kettle from heat and cool mixture 30 minutes. While octopus is cooking and cooling, in a saucepan simmer beans in 4 cups water, covered, 45 minutes, or until tender, and remove pan from heat. Cool beans in cooking liquid and drain. Transfer octopus with tongs to a colander and rinse gently under cold water to remove as much of pu <END>
INPUT: panna, cottas, blackberries, well shaken buttermilk, unflavored gelatin, water, heavy cream
OUTPUT: TITLE: Blackberry Buttermilk Panna Cottas with Blackberry Compote | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 lb blackberries (about 3 cups); 1 1/4 cups well-shaken buttermilk; 2 3/4 teaspoons unflavored gelatin (from two 1/4-oz envelopes); 1/4 cup water; 1 1/2 cups heavy cream; 2/3 cup sugar; 2 tablespoons blackberry syrup, store-bought or homemade (see cooks' note, below); 1/2 cup water; 1/2 cup crème de cassis; 2 tablespoons sugar; 1 1/2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 1/2 lb blackberries (about 2 cups); Special equipment: 6 (6-oz) molds (preferably nonreactive) | INSTRUCTIONS: Make panna cottas: Purée blackberries with buttermilk in a blender until very smooth, then pour through a fine-mesh sieve into a bowl, pressing on and then discarding solids. Sprinkle gelatin over water in a small bowl and let stand 1 minute to soften. While gelatin softens, heat cream and sugar in a saucepan over moderate heat until hot, stirring until sugar is dissolved. Remove from heat and add gelatin mixture, stirring until dissolved. Stir cream mixture and syrup into blackberry purée, then pour through cleaned sieve into a bowl. Pour mixture into molds and chill, covered, until firm, at  <END>
INPUT: mini, muffins, all purpose flour, wheat flour, wheat germ, dark sugar, baking soda
OUTPUT: TITLE: Zucchini Mini Muffins with Orange-Maple Glaze | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cups all-purpose flour; 1 cup whole wheat flour; 1/2 cup wheat germ; 1 cup dark brown sugar; 1 1/2 teaspoons baking soda; 1/2 teaspoon baking powder; 1 tablespoon ground cinnamon; Salt; 1 cup finely shredded zucchini, patted dry of excess moisture (about 1 medium); 2 eggs, lightly beaten; 3/4 cup milk; 1/2 cup applesauce; 1/4 cup canola oil; 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract; 4 ounces cream cheese, at room temperature | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. For the muffins: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Prepare a mini muffin tin with paper liners. In a large mixing bowl, add the all-purpose flour, whole wheat flour, wheat germ, brown sugar, baking soda, baking powder, cinnamon, and 1/4 teaspoon salt. Whisk well to combine, making sure there are no lumps in the mixture. In a separate bowl, add the zucchini, eggs, milk, applesauce, canola oil, and vanilla. Whisk well to combine, making sure that the eggs are incorporated properly. Pour the wet ingredients into the dry ingredients and mix until just combined, taki <END>
INPUT: American, spread, olives pimiento, garlic, ricotta cheese, hazelnuts
OUTPUT: TITLE: Olive and Garlic Soft Cheese Spread with Whole-Grain Baguette | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup large olives with pimiento; 1 clove garlic; 1 (8-ounce) package cream cheese, softened; 1 cup ricotta cheese; 1/2 cup chopped hazelnuts, toasted; 1 sliced whole-grain baguette; Parmesan pita crisps, store-bought; 1 celery heart, cut into sticks | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat oven 425 degrees F. Place olives in food processor and grate in garlic, add cream cheese and ricotta cheese. Pulse the cheese and olives into a fairly smooth spread. Transfer to a serving bowl and top with hazelnuts. Toast the bread on a baking sheet 5 to 10 minutes to lightly crisp. Surround the spread with bread, pita crisps and celery. <END>
INPUT: italian, virgin olive oil, chile, garlic, round loaf crusty, tomato
OUTPUT: TITLE: Italian Style Tomato Bread | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 1 small red chile, chopped or thinly sliced; 1 large clove garlic, thinly sliced; 1 round loaf crusty bread with or without sesame seeds; 1 large ripe tomato; Salt; 2 tablespoonfuls capote capers or sliced caper berries; A scant handful pitted black olives, coarsely chopped; 8 thin anchovy fillets, drained, optional | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Heat about 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil in a small skillet over medium heat. Add the chile and garlic and saute for 2 to 3 minutes. Turn off the heat and cool a couple of minutes. Halve the bread across horizontally and toast or char. Halve the tomato across horizontally and rub the flesh vigorously into the toasted surface of the bread and season with salt, to taste. If you are garnishing with anchovies skip the salt. Dress the tomato bread with chile oil and garnish with capers, olives and anchovies, if using. Cut into serving portions and serve. <END>
INPUT: salad, parsnips, Olive oil, Salt pepper, watercress, Gala Delicious apple
OUTPUT: TITLE: Parsnip Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound parsnips, peeled, cut in 1/2 lengthwise, then cut into 1 1/2-inch chunks; Olive oil; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 bunch watercress, thick stems plucked; 1 Gala or Red Delicious apple, cored and very thinly sliced; 2 small shallots, very thinly sliced; 1/4 cup apple cider vinegar; 1 tablespoon whole-grain Dijon mustard; 1/3 cup soybean or safflower oil; 2 teaspoons superfine sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. Toss parsnip chunks with olive oil and salt and pepper and place on a baking sheet. Roast until nicely browned, turning as needed, about 20 minutes. Let cool. Then toss with watercress, apple and shallot. Whisk together dressing ingredients and season, to taste, with salt and pepper. <END>
INPUT: coffee, baking soda, baking powder, salt, granulated sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Macadamia Coffee Cake | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 teaspoon baking soda; 1 teaspoon baking powder; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/2 cup (1 stick) butter, softened; 1 cup granulated sugar; 2 eggs; Topping:; 1/3 cup brown sugar, firmly packed; 1/4 cup granulated sugar; 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 3/4 cup Fisher® Macadamia Halves and Pieces; Cake:; 2 cups all-purpose flour; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; 1 cup sour cream | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Lightly spray 8-inch square baking pan with no-stick cooking spray; set aside. 2. For topping, combine sugars, cinnamon and macadamia pieces; set aside. 3. For cake, in medium bowl combine flour, baking soda, baking powder and salt. 4. In large mixing bowl cream butter and sugar using electric mixer. Add eggs and vanilla extract; mix until blended. Alternately add flour mixture and sour cream to butter mixture, mixing until just combined. 5. Spread half of cake mixture in pan. Sprinkle half of topping over cake mixture; repeat with remaining cake mixture and t <END>
INPUT: Indian, coriander seeds, fennel seeds, peppercorns, lamb shanks, olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Braised Lamb Shanks with Coriander, Fennel, and Star Anise | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons coriander seeds; 2 tablespoons fennel seeds; 1 tablespoon black peppercorns; 4 large lamb shanks (about 5 pounds); 4 tablespoons olive oil, divided; 1 large white onion, cut into 1 1/2-inch pieces; 10 garlic cloves, peeled; 3 celery stalks, cut crosswise into 1 1/2-inch pieces; 2 carrots, peeled, cut crosswise into 1 1/2-inch pieces; 1 small leek; 3 cups ruby Port; 4 cups low-salt chicken broth; 4 cups beef broth; 6 whole cloves; 2 whole star anise* | INSTRUCTIONS: Mix coriander, fennel, and peppercorns in heavy small skillet. Toast on medium-high heat until aromatic and slightly darker, about 2 minutes. Transfer to spice grinder; process until finely ground. Rub each shank with 1 rounded teaspoon spice blend. Sprinkle with salt and pepper. Heat 2 tablespoons oil in heavy large wide pot over medium-high heat. Add shanks to pot. Cook until brown on all sides, about 20 minutes. Transfer to large bowl. Add remaining 2 tablespoons oil to same pot. Add onion and next 4 ingredients; sauté over medium heat until vegetables begin to soften, about 5 minutes. Add  <END>
INPUT: monkey, bread, plain biscuit dough, Parmigiano Reggiano, soppressata, virgin olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Parmigiano "Monkey Bread" with Soppressata and Olives | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Nonstick cooking spray, for greasing the pan; 3 cans plain biscuit dough; 1 1/4 cups grated Parmigiano-Reggiano; 1 cup finely chopped soppressata; 2/3 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 1/2 cup mixed olives, pitted and chopped; 1/2 cup fresh basil leaves, minced; 1/2 teaspoon red chile flakes; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: a 12-cup bundt pan Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Grease a 12-cup bundt pan with cooking spray. Separate the biscuits, cut them in half and roll each piece into a ball. Add the dough balls, cheese, soppressata, olive oil, olives, basil, chile flakes and some salt and pepper to a bowl and fold together until everything is fully combined. Put the mixture in the prepared pan. Bake until the top is golden brown and the biscuits are fully cooked and risen, about 30 minutes. Allow the bread to rest for 10 minutes before serving (out of the mold or in the mold works). <END>
INPUT: Asian, salad, bok choy, onions, slivered almonds, sesame seeds
OUTPUT: TITLE: Bok Choy Salad | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1 medium head bok choy, diced; 4 green onions, sliced; 1 (3-ounce) package ramen noodles; 1/2 cup slivered almonds, toasted; 2 tablespoons sesame seeds, toasted; 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 2 tablespoons lemon juice; 1 tablespoon tamari | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine bok choy and onions and chill. Break up the uncooked ramen noodles and combine with the almonds and sesame seeds.. Mix remaining ingredients. Before serving, combine the bok choy and noodle mixtures. Mix together the oil, lemon juice and tamari. Toss the salad with the dressing to coat. <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, oil sun tomatoes, fennel bulbs, garlic, uncooked shrimp, dill
OUTPUT: TITLE: Shrimp with Fennel, Dill, and Feta | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup sliced oil-packed sun-dried tomatoes, 2 tablespoons oil reserved; 2 medium fennel bulbs, trimmed, halved, thinly sliced crosswise (about 3 1/2 cups); 2 garlic cloves, minced; 1 1/3 pounds uncooked large shrimp, peeled, deveined, tails left intact; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh dill; 2/3 cup crumbled feta cheese | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat 2 tablespoons oil from sun-dried tomatoes in large nonstick skillet over medium-high heat. Add fennel; sauté 3 minutes. Add sun-dried tomatoes and garlic and stir 1 minute. Sprinkle shrimp with salt and pepper. Add shrimp to skillet and cook until just opaque in center, about 1 minute per side. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Sprinkle with dill, then feta. Heat 2 tablespoons oil from sun-dried tomatoes in large nonstick skillet over medium-high heat. Add fennel; sauté 3 minutes. Add sun-dried tomatoes and garlic and stir 1 minute. Sprinkle shrimp with salt and pepper. Add shrimp to  <END>
INPUT: Mexican, stew, olive oil, pork, onions, cumin, all purpose flour
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pork and Hominy Stew | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons olive oil; 8 ounces lean ground pork; 2 cups chopped onions; 2 teaspoons ground cumin; 2 tablespoons all purpose flour; 2 14 1/2-ounce cans low-salt chicken broth; 1 15-ounce can golden hominy, rinsed, drained; 2 4-ounce cans diced green chilies; 8 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat oil in heavy large saucepan over medium-high heat. Add pork, onions and cumin and sauté until pork is brown, about 5 minutes. Add flour and stir 2 minutes. Add broth and hominy. Reduce heat to medium and simmer until thickened, stirring occasionally, about 20 minutes. Stir in chilies and 6 tablespoons cilantro. Simmer 2 minutes. Season with salt and pepper. Sprinkle with remaining 2 tablespoons cilantro and serve. Heat oil in heavy large saucepan over medium-high heat. Add pork, onions and cumin and sauté until pork is brown, about 5 minutes. Add flour and stir 2 minutes. Add broth and ho <END>
INPUT: layered, cake, chocolate ice cream, fig cookies, vanilla ice cream, heavy cream, confectioners' sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate, Vanilla and Fig Layered Ice Cream Cake | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 pints chocolate ice cream (3 cups); 20 fig cookies, such as Fig Newtons; 1 1/2 pints vanilla ice cream (3 cups); 1/2 cup heavy cream; 1 tablespoon confectioners' sugar; 1 tablespoon mini chocolate chips | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: An 8-inch springform pan Let the chocolate ice cream soften slightly at room temperature for about 10 minutes. Evenly spread it on the bottom of an 8-inch springform pan. Freeze until hardened, about 30 minutes. Arrange 18 of the fig cookies in an even layer over the ice cream (don't press them into it) so they fit snugly together, cutting to fit if necessary. Meanwhile, let the vanilla ice cream sit at room temperature for about 10 minutes. Evenly spread it over the cookies. Cover the top of the cake with plastic wrap, and freeze until solid, at least 4 hours up to overnigh <END>
INPUT: cheesecake, topping, egg, vanilla extract
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate Chip Cheesecake with Chocolate Glaze Topping | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 (3 oz.) packages cream cheese, softened; 1 (14 oz.) can Eagle Brand® Sweetened Condensed Milk; 1 large egg; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; 1 cup (6 oz. pkg.) mini chocolate chips; 1 teaspoon Pillsbury BEST® All Purpose Flour; 1 (8- or 9-inch) prepared chocolate graham cracker crust; Chocolate curls*; CHOCOLATE GLAZE:; 1/2 cup mini-chocolate chips; 1/4 cup heavy cream | INSTRUCTIONS: HEAT oven to 350 degrees F. BEAT cream cheese in medium bowl with electric mixer until fluffy; gradually beat in sweetened condensed milk until smooth. Add egg and vanilla; mix well. TOSS chocolate chips with flour; stir into cream cheese mixture. Pour into crust. Bake 35 minutes or until center springs back when lightly touched. Cool and top with Chocolate Glaze and chocolate curls (optional). Serve chilled. CHOCOLATE GLAZE: MELT chocolate chips with cream in small heavy saucepan; cook and stir until thickened and smooth. Immediately spread over cheesecake. To prevent chocolate chips from flo <END>
INPUT: American, wafers, sifted flour, cayenne pepper, salt, unsalted butter, Parmesan cheese
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cheese Wafers | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 1/2 cups sifted flour; 3/4 teaspoon cayenne pepper; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 1/2 pound unsalted butter, cut into slim pats; 1/2 pound Parmesan cheese, freshly and finely grated | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Combine the flour, cayenne, and salt in a large shallow bowl. With a pastry blender, cut in the butter until the mixture is the texture of coarse meal. Add the cheese and rub into the flour-butter mixture gently with your fingertips until a small bit of dough, when pinched together, will hold its shape. Roll into 3/4-inch balls, place 1 1/2 inches apart on ungreased baking sheets, then flatten into rounds 1/4-inch thick by pressing with a flat-bottomed glass that has been dipped into flour. (You'll have to keep dipping the glass into flour to keep the dough from st <END>
INPUT: gumbo, vegetable oil, all purpose flour, onion, bell pepper, celery
OUTPUT: TITLE: Shrimp and Andouille Gumbo | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup vegetable oil; 1/2 cup all-purpose flour; 1 small cup onion, minced (about 1/2 cup); 1 small green bell pepper, minced (about 1/2 cup); 2 stalks celery, minced (about 1/2 cup); 1 quart chicken stock or low-sodium broth; 2 bay leaves; 1/2 pound shrimp, peeled, deveined, and cut into 1/2-inch dice; 1/4 pound andouille sausage, cut into 1/2-inch-thick rounds; 1/2 pound fresh okra, trimmed and cut into 1/2-inch-thick rounds; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/2 teaspoon cayenne pepper; 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 4 cups cooked white rice; Hot pepper sauce, such as Tabasco | INSTRUCTIONS: In 4-quart heavy stock pot over moderately high heat, heat oil. Reduce heat to moderately low and whisk in flour. Cook, stirring frequently with wooden spoon or heatproof silicone spatula, until mixture becomes dark brown and has intensely nutty aroma, 10 to 15 minutes. Stir in onion, pepper, and celery and cook, stirring frequently, until vegetables soften, about 2 minutes. Gradually whisk in stock. Raise heat to moderate and bring to simmer, then reduce heat to moderately low and simmer, uncovered, stirring frequently, until mixture has thickened, 15 to 20 minutes. Add bay leaves, shrimp, sa <END>
INPUT: Brussels sprouts, bacon, low sodium chicken, water, unsalted butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Seared Scallops with Brussels Sprouts and Bacon | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 10 ounces Brussels sprouts, trimmed and halved lengthwise; 3 bacon slices (3 ounces), cut crosswise into 1/2-inch pieces; 1 cup low-sodium chicken broth; 1/4 cup plus 2 teaspoons water; 1 1/2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1/4 teaspoon salt; Pinch of sugar; 12 large sea scallops (1 1/4 pounds), tough muscle removed from side of each if necessary; 2 teaspoons olive oil; 3/4 teaspoon cornstarch; 2 teaspoons fresh lemon juice | INSTRUCTIONS: Blanch Brussels sprouts in a 3- to 4-quart saucepan of boiling salted water , uncovered, 3 minutes, then drain. Cook bacon in a 10-inch heavy skillet over moderate heat, turning over occasionally, until crisp. Transfer bacon with a slotted spoon to a small bowl and reserve bacon fat in another small bowl. Add 1/4 cup broth and 1/4 cup water to skillet and bring to a simmer, scraping up any brown bits. Add butter, salt, sugar, a pinch of pepper, and Brussels sprouts and simmer, covered, 4 minutes. Remove lid and cook over moderately high heat, stirring occasionally, until all liquid is evaporat <END>
INPUT: foch, Vegetable oil, pate, bread, Salt pepper, cornmeal
OUTPUT: TITLE: Oyster Foch | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Vegetable oil, for frying; 6 tablespoons pate; 6 slices bread, crusts removed, toasted; Salt and pepper; 2 cups yellow cornmeal; 3 dozen raw oysters; 3 cups Colbert Sauce, recipe follows; 1 ounce parsley leaves, chopped; 2 ounces (1/4 cup) sherry wine; 8 ounces just-made hollandaise sauce; 1 ounce tomato sauce; 6 dashes Worcestershire sauce; Caramel food coloring; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat oil in a deep fryer to 350 degrees F. Alternatively, fill a large heavy pot almost halfway with oil and heat to 350 degrees F. Spread 1 tablespoon of pate on each piece of toast. In a shallow bowl, mix enough salt and pepper into the cornmeal to flavor it. Roll the oysters in cornmeal until well covered. Lightly shake off the excess. Carefully add breaded oysters to the hot oil and fry until crispy, about 30 to 40 seconds. Remove with a slotted spoon and drain on paper towels. Put 6 fried oysters on top of each piece of toast, and then top the oysters with Colbert Sauce. Garnish with a sp <END>
INPUT: sandwiches, virgin olive oil, Mediterranean spiced sea, mayonnaise, dill pickle
OUTPUT: TITLE: Salmon Sandwiches with Fries | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 large bag (about 26 ounces) frozen french fries; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1 teaspoon Mediterranean-spiced sea salt (or 1/2 teaspoon each lemon pepper seasoning and herbes de Provence); 3/4 cup mayonnaise; 1 dill pickle, minced, plus 2 tablespoons brine from the jar; 3 scallions, chopped; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley; Kosher salt; 4 6-ounce skinless center-cut salmon fillets (preferably wild); Freshly ground pepper; 4 onion kaiser rolls; Lettuce leaves and sliced tomatoes, for serving | INSTRUCTIONS: Position racks in the upper and lower thirds of the oven; preheat to 425 degrees F. Toss the fries with 1 tablespoon olive oil on a baking sheet and sprinkle with the spiced salt. Bake on the lower oven rack, tossing halfway through, until golden, about 25 minutes. Meanwhile, make the tartar sauce: Mix the mayonnaise, pickle and brine, scallions, parsley and a pinch of kosher salt in a small bowl. Season the salmon with kosher salt and pepper. Heat the remaining 1 tablespoon olive oil in a large ovenproof nonstick skillet over high heat. Reduce the heat to medium; add the salmon and cook until <END>
INPUT: strawberry, condensed milk, half half, cream soda, whipping cream, strawberries
OUTPUT: TITLE: Strawberry-Soda Ice Cream | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 14-ounce can sweetened condensed milk; 1 1/2 cups half-and-half; 3/4 cup red cream soda (such as Big Red) or regular cream soda; 1/2 cup whipping cream; 1 cup frozen strawberries, thawed and mashed | INSTRUCTIONS: Whisk the condensed milk, half-and-half, red cream soda, cream and strawberries in a medium bowl. Churn in an ice cream maker. Transfer to an airtight container and freeze until firm, at least 2 hours. Photograph by Antonis Achilleos <END>
INPUT: roast, bay leaves, sage leaves, virgin olive oil, Coarse salt pepper, orange zest
OUTPUT: TITLE: Prime Rib Roast | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 15 dried bay leaves, crumbled; 1/3 cup coarsely chopped fresh sage leaves, plus several whole leaves for garnish; 1/2 cup extra-virgin olive oil; Coarse salt and freshly ground pepper; 1/3 cup finely grated orange zest (from 2 to 3 oranges); 1 three-rib prime rib of beef (about 7 pounds), trimmed and frenched | INSTRUCTIONS: Stir together crumbled bay leaves, sage, the oil, 1 1/2 teaspoons salt, and the orange zest in a small bowl. Season with pepper. Rub herb mixture all over the beef, coating evenly. Refrigerate overnight, covered. About 2 hours before you plan to cook the beef, remove it from the refrigerator. Place beef, fat side up, in a roasting pan and allow it to come to room temperature. Meanwhile, heat the oven to 450°F. Stir together crumbled bay leaves, sage, the oil, 1 1/2 teaspoons salt, and the orange zest in a small bowl. Season with pepper. Rub herb mixture all over the beef, coating evenly. Refri <END>
INPUT: cream, peaches, sugar, lemon juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Peach Ice Cream | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 pounds of fresh or frozen sliced peaches (do not peel if fresh); 1/2 cup sugar; 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice | INSTRUCTIONS: Stir peaches together with sugar and lemon juice in a bowl. While you cool the cooked custard, transfer the peaches and the liquid in the bowl to a 2-quart heavy saucepan and boil, covered, over high heat, stirring, 10 minutes, and then simmer, uncovered, stirring occasionally, 30 minutes more. Purée the hot mixture in a blender (careful!) until smooth, about 1 minute. Force it through a sieve into the custard mixture, pressing on the solids with the back of a spoon and discarding them. Cool to room temperature, stirring occasionally, about 45 minutes. Stir in 1/4 teaspoon almond extract and f <END>
INPUT: arepas, corn kernels, fine cornmeal, mozzarella, milk, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Yellow Corn Arepas | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 pounds frozen yellow corn kernels, thawed; 1 1/2 cups extra-fine yellow cornmeal; 9 ounces mozzarella, grated; 2 tablespoons milk; 1 1/2 cups sugar; Pinch salt | INSTRUCTIONS: With a meat grinder, coarsely grind the corn kernels and place in a mixing bowl. Add the cornmeal, cheese, milk, sugar, and salt. Mix thoroughly with electric mixer. Using a 1 1/2 or 3 inch mold, shape the arepas. Stack them on a lightly greased baking sheet with parchment paper between the layers. Refrigerate for 30 minutes. Cook the arepas over a medium to low heat until golden brown, approximately 3 minutes. <END>
INPUT: granita, sugar, watermelon, lemon juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Watermelon Granita | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/3 cup sugar; 3 1/2 cups seeded and chopped watermelon (about 3 1/4 pound wedge); 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, or to taste | INSTRUCTIONS: In a small saucepan combine the sugar and 3/4 cup water, bring the mixture to a boil, stirring until the sugar is dissolved, and let the syrup cool. In a blender or food processor puree the watermelon. In a bowl combine the puree, the syrup and the lemon juice and chill the mixture, covered, for 1 to 2 hours or until it is cold. The mixture may be made up to this point 1 day in advance and kept covered and chilled. Stir the mixture, transfer it to 2 metal ice cube trays without the dividers or a shallow metal bowl, and freeze it, stirring it with a fork every 20 to 30 minutes depending on the  <END>
INPUT: chips, hearty greens, olive oil, kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Baked Greens Chips | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 to 8 ounces hearty greens, such as kale, chard, mustard, collards or spinach; 1/4 cup olive oil (not extra-virgin); 1/4 teaspoon kosher salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the oven to 300 degrees F. Line 2 half sheet pans with parchment paper. Wash and thoroughly dry the greens. Tear the larger leaves into 1 to 2-inch strips. Lay the greens in a single layer on the half sheet pans, spritz lightly with the olive oil and sprinkle with the salt. Bake until the greens are dry and have darkened slightly, 15 to 20 minutes. Remove immediately from the pan on the parchment and transfer into a serving dish. Repeat with any remaining greens. Serve immediately, or store in a brown paper bag for up to 3 days. <END>
INPUT: Italian, spaghetti squash, butter, flour, garlic, chicken broth
OUTPUT: TITLE: Baked Spaghetti Squash and Chicken | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 3 1/2 pound spaghetti squash; 2 tablespoons butter; 2 tablespoons flour; Minced clove of garlic; 1 cup chicken broth; 12 ounces skinless boneless chicken breasts, cut into 1/2-inch cubes; 1/2 cup milk or heavy cream; 1/2 cup freshly grated Parmesan cheese; 1/2 cup (packed) fresh parsley or basil leaves; Salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees. With a sharp knife, prick the squash in 2 to 3 places and set it on a baking pan. Bake for 30 minutes. Remove it from the oven, cut it in half lengthwise and scoop out the seeds. Return the squash halves, cut side down, to the baking sheet and bake for another 30 minutes or until tender. While the squash is cooking, heat the butter in a medium sized saucepan. Add the flour and cook for 1 minute, stirring continuously. Add the garlic, broth and bring the mixture to a boil, whisking all the while. Add the chicken and simmer, uncovered, for 3 to 5 minutes or until <END>
INPUT: salad, seedless cucumbers, sugar, distilled vinegar, grainy mustard, Bibb Boston lettuce
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cucumber Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 seedless cucumbers (1 1/2 to 1 3/4 pounds total); 1 tablespoon sugar; 1/4 cup distilled white vinegar; 2 teaspoons grainy mustard; Bibb or Boston lettuce leaves; 2 tablespoons mild extra-virgin olive oil; Equipment: an adjustable-blade slicer | INSTRUCTIONS: Cut cucumbers into thin (1/16-inch) rounds with slicer. Toss with 2 teaspoons salt in a colander, then drain 30 minutes. Squeeze excess liquid from cucumbers. Whisk together sugar, vinegar, and mustard in a large bowl, then stir in cucumbers. Marinate, chilled, at least 2 hours. Drain cucumbers, reserving marinade, and mound on lettuce. Whisk oil into reserved marinade and drizzle over salad. Cut cucumbers into thin (1/16-inch) rounds with slicer. Toss with 2 teaspoons salt in a colander, then drain 30 minutes. Squeeze excess liquid from cucumbers. Whisk together sugar, vinegar, and mustard in <END>
INPUT: tart, all purpose flour, walnuts, light sugar, unsalted butter, egg yolk
OUTPUT: TITLE: Plum Tart | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups all-purpose flour; 3/4 cup finely chopped walnuts; 3/4 cup light brown sugar, lightly packed; 12 tablespoons cold unsalted butter (1 1/2 sticks), diced; 1 egg yolk; 2 pounds firm, ripe Italian prune plums, pitted and quartered lengthwise | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Combine the flour, walnuts, and sugar in a large bowl. Add the butter and the egg yolk. Mix, either by hand or with an electric mixer, until crumbly. Press 1 1/2 cups of the crumb mixture in an even layer into the bottom of a 9 1/2-inch springform or tart pan. Arrange the plums in the pan, skin side down, to form a flower pattern; begin at the outside and work your way in. Sprinkle the rest of the crumb mixture evenly over the plums. Bake the tart for 40 to 50 minutes, or until it's lightly browned and the plum juices are bubbli <END>
INPUT: Sweet Tangy Dressing, light soy sauce, lemon juice, orange juice, groundnut oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sweet and Tangy Chile Beef | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Sweet and Tangy Dressing; 1 tablespoon light soy sauce; 4 tablespoons lemon juice; 2 tablespoons orange juice; 1 teaspoon groundnut oil (peanut); 2 teaspoons caster sugar (superfine); 1 tablespoon honey; 1/3 cucumber, halved lengthwise, seeded and very finely chopped; 1 medium green chile, seeded and very finely chopped; Chile Beef; 1 tablespoon groundnut oil (peanut); 9 ounces beef fillet (tenderloin), sliced into thin 1/4-inch strips Cook's Note: You could use tail end of fillet for a less expensive cut; 1 teaspoon Shaohsing rice wine or dry sherry; Pinch crushed dried chile flakes; 1 teaspoon light soy sauce | INSTRUCTIONS: I love deep-fried crispy chilli beef but deep-frying is not always healthy. So I have come up with a light but tasty alternative that cooks the beef in a fast and furious way - on the wok! It is seasoned with some dried chilli spices and then placed on a bed of baby spinach leaves and dressed with a delicious sweet and tangy dressing. This is one of my favourite fast, delicious healthy suppers and I hope it gets your thumbs up. You can reduce the amount of sugar if you like. For the dressing: To make the sweet and sour dressing: Combine the light soy sauce, lemon juice, orange juice, groundnut <END>
INPUT: American, ready made pizza, Curly's Sauceless Pulled, BBQ sauce, Mozzarella, tomato
OUTPUT: TITLE: Curly's BBQ Chicken Pizza | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 ready made pizza crust; 6 oz. Curly's Sauceless Pulled Chicken (or Curly's Sauceless Pulled Pork if preferred); 1/2 cup BBQ sauce; 4 oz. Mozzarella; 2 oz. chopped tomato; 1 oz. chopped onion; 1 oz. sliced mushrooms; 1 oz. sliced green peppers | INSTRUCTIONS: Toss Curly's Sauceless Pulled Chicken in BBQ sauce. Spread BBQ over pizza crust. Top with remaining ingredients. Bake on pizza stone in a 450 degree oven for 10-12 minutes. <END>
INPUT: soup, croutons, beans navy Great, smoked ham hocks, bacon drippings, onion, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: White Bean and Ham Hock Soup with Arugula and Corn Bread Croutons | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 lb dried small white beans such as navy or Great Northern; 1 lb smoked ham hocks; 1/4 cup bacon drippings (from 1/2lb bacon) or olive oil; 2 cups chopped onion; 2 tablespoons minced garlic; 1 lb tomatoes, peeled, seeded, and diced; 4 fresh thyme sprigs; 8 cups chicken broth; 3 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1 garlic clove, minced; 3 cups 3/4-inch cubes corn bread; 1 lb arugula, coarse stems removed; Tabasco to taste | INSTRUCTIONS: Make soup: Soak beans in cold water to cover overnight (8 hours). Drain and rinse well. Simmer ham hocks in 6 cups water in a 3-quart saucepan, partially covered, skimming foam as necessary, 1 hour. Reserve 4 cups cooking liquid and drain ham hocks. Heat bacon drippings in an 8-quart heavy pot over moderate heat until hot but not smoking, then cook onion and garlic, stirring, until softened. Add tomatoes and thyme and cook, stirring, 1 minute. Add soaked beans, broth, ham hocks, and reserved cooking liquid and simmer, covered, stirring occasionally, until beans are tender, about 1 hour. Soak b <END>
INPUT: Mexican, virgin olive oil, onion, real bacon, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cilantro-Garlic Potatoes | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1/3 cup diced red onion; 1/4 cup real bacon pieces; 1 (16-ounce) bag pre-cooked and diced red potatoes; 1 1/2 teaspoons crushed garlic; Salt and pepper; 1/4 cup chopped cilantro leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large skillet, heat oil, over medium-high heat. Add red onions and bacon pieces. Saute until onion is soft, about 2 to 3 minutes. Add potatoes and garlic. Cook 5 to 7 minutes, stirring occasionally. Season, to taste, with salt and pepper. Stir in cilantro and serve hot. <END>
INPUT: italian, herb, Broccolini, flat leaf parsley, oregano, garlic, anchovy paste
OUTPUT: TITLE: Broccolini with Italian Herb Oil | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 pounds Broccolini, tough ends trimmed; 1/3 cup coarsely chopped flat-leaf parsley; 1 to 2 tablespoon coarsely chopped oregano; 1 small garlic clove, smashed; 1 teaspoon anchovy paste; 1/3 cup olive oil; Accompaniment: lemon wedges | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook Broccolini in a 5-to 6-quarts pot of boiling salted water (2 teaspoons salt for 4 quarts water) until just tender, about 6 minutes, then drain. Meanwhile, blend herbs, garlic, anchovy paste, 1/8 teaspoon salt, and 1/2 teaspoon pepper in a blender until finely chopped. With motor running, add oil in a slow stream, blending until mixture is green and herbs are very finely chopped. Serve Broccolini tossed with herb oil. Cook Broccolini in a 5-to 6-quarts pot of boiling salted water (2 teaspoons salt for 4 quarts water) until just tender, about 6 minutes, then drain. Meanwhile, blend herbs, g <END>
INPUT: marscarpone, mascarpone cheese, sugar, vanilla extract, pecans, cake
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Pound Cake With Marscarpone | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 cup mascarpone cheese; 2 tablespoons sugar; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; 1/4 cup toasted chopped pecans; 8 3/4-inch-thick slices pound cake; 4 1/2 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature; 1/2 cup packed light brown sugar; 1/4 cup heavy cream; 1/2 pint blackberries; 1 tablespoon cognac; 3/4 cup mascarpone cheese; 2 tablespoons sugar; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; 1/4 cup toasted chopped pecans; 8 3/4-inch-thick slices pound cake | INSTRUCTIONS: Mix the mascarpone, sugar and vanilla in a bowl with a rubber spatula until smooth. Fold in the pecans; cover and refrigerate until ready to serve. Heat a large skillet or griddle over medium heat. Spread some butter on both sides of each cake slice (about 2 tablespoons total). Toast in the skillet until golden, about 2 minutes per side. Let cool. Combine the brown sugar and the remaining 2 1/2 tablespoons butter in a skillet over medium heat. Cook, stirring, until melted and bubbly, about 3 minutes. Carefully add the cream and cook, stirring, about 1 more minute. Stir in the blackberries, sma <END>
INPUT: water, salt, quick polenta, garlic, arugula
OUTPUT: TITLE: Polenta with Arugula | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 8 cups water; 1 1/2 teaspoons salt, plus more to taste; 1 1/2 cups quick-cooking polenta (pre-cooked maize meal); 2 garlic cloves, minced; 3 cups arugula, coarsely chopped; 1 stick butter; 1/2 cup whipping cream; 3/4 cup freshly grated Parmesan, optional | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Combine the water and salt in a heavy large saucepan. Bring the water to a boil over high heat. Gradually whisk in the polenta. Decrease the heat to medium-low. Stir constantly until polenta thickens, about 5 minutes. Add the garlic and arugula, and stir until the arugula is wilted. Stir in the butter, cream, and cheese, if using. Season the polenta, to taste, with salt and pepper. <END>
INPUT: open, face, lamb, coarse kosher salt, apricots, onion, roasted pepper from
OUTPUT: TITLE: Open-Face Lamb Burgers with Pistachio-Apricot Relish | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 1/2 pounds freshly ground lamb (preferably shoulder); 2 1/2 teaspoons coarse kosher salt plus more for relish; 1 cup diced pitted fresh apricots; 1/4 cup finely chopped red onion; 1/4 cup diced drained roasted red pepper from jar; 2 tablespoons Sherry wine vinegar; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1/4 teaspoon curry powder; 1/4 teaspoon sugar; 1 cup coarsely chopped unsalted natural pistachios; 3 tablespoons chopped fresh mint; Nonstick vegetable oil spray; 6 (4-inch-diameter) slices (about 1/2 inch thick) sourdough bread | INSTRUCTIONS: Place ground lamb in large bowl; sprinkle 2 1/2 teaspoons coarse salt evenly over. Gently mix in salt and shape meat into 6 patties, each about 3/4 inch thick. DO AHEAD Patties can be prepared 6 hours ahead. Arrange on baking sheet, cover, and refrigerate. Mix apricots and next 6 ingredients in medium bowl; season with salt. Mix chopped pistachios and mint into relish. Spray grill rack with nonstick spray. Prepare barbecue (medium heat). Place burgers on grill. Place bread slices at edges to toast. Cook burgers to desired doneness and until slightly charred, about 5 minutes per side for medium <END>
INPUT: summer, berry, strawberries, cupc, blackberries, natural cane sugar, cardamom
OUTPUT: TITLE: Summer Berry-Coconut Milk Ice Pops | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2/3 cup thinly sliced ripe strawberries; 2/3 cupc; 2/3 cup ripe blackberries; 1/3 cup plus 1 tablespoon natural cane sugar; 1/2 teaspoon ground cardamom; 1 13.5-ounce can full-fat coconut milk; Ten 3-ounce ice pop molds and sticks | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine strawberries, blueberries, and blackberries with sugar and cardamom in a small saucepan. Cook over low heat, stirring regularly, for 5-7 minutes, until berries are soft but not falling apart. Remove from heat and stir in coconut milk. Carefully pour warm berry mixture into a pitcher. Pour mix into molds, helping some of the berries along with a spoon so they're evenly distributed. Freeze at least 4 hours (insert sticks when partially frozen) and up to 1 month. Combine strawberries, blueberries, and blackberries with sugar and cardamom in a small saucepan. Cook over low heat, stirring r <END>
INPUT: crackers, cornmeal, all purpose flour, salt, sugar, double acting baking
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cheddar Cornmeal Crackers | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2/3 cup yellow cornmeal; 1/3 cup all-purpose flour; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1 teaspoon sugar; 1 1/2 teaspoons double-acting baking powder; 2/3 cup cold water; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted and cooled; 1 large egg; 1 cup grated sharp Cheddar | INSTRUCTIONS: In a blender blend together the cornmeal, the flour, the salt, the sugar, and the baking powder, add the water, the butter, and the egg, and blend the mixture for 15 seconds. Scrape down the sides, add the Cheddar, and blend the batter for 5 seconds, or until it is combined well. Spread 1/4 cup measures of the batter into 4-inch circles on buttered sheets and bake the crackers in batches in the middle of a preheated 400°F. oven for 6 minutes. Turn the crackers and bake them for 5 to 6 minutes more, or until they are crisp. The crackers keep in an airtight container for 1 week. In a blender ble <END>
INPUT: Mexican, shortbread, cookies, all purpose flour, powdered sugar, salt, lime peel
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lime Shortbread Cookies with White Chocolate and Almonds | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups all purpose flour; 1/2 cup powdered sugar; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1 cup (2 sticks) chilled unsalted butter, cut into 1/2-inch cubes; 3 tablespoons finely grated lime peel, divided; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; 1 3.5-ounce bar high-quality white chocolate (such as Lindt or Perugina), finely chopped; 1/2 cup chopped toasted almonds | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 325°F. Butter 13x9x2-inch metal baking pan. Blend flour, sugar, and salt in processor. Add butter, 2 tablespoons lime peel, and vanilla; process just until blended and dough forms clumps. Press evenly into prepared baking pan. Pierce dough all over with fork. Using sharp knife, cut dough into 12 squares, cutting through dough completely, then cut each square in half on diagonal, forming 24 triangles total. Bake shortbread until golden brown, crisp around edges, and firm to touch, about 45 minutes. Remove from oven. Using sharp knife, immediately recut shortbread, gently separat <END>
INPUT: spring, rolls, seasoned rice vinegar, hoisin sauce, ginger, chili garlic sauce, diameter rice paper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Shrimp Spring Rolls with Hoisin Dipping Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup seasoned rice vinegar; 4 teaspoons hoisin sauce; 1 tablespoon minced peeled fresh ginger; 2 teaspoons chili-garlic sauce; 4 8-inch-diameter rice paper rounds; 2 2/3 cups coleslaw mix (shredded cabbage and carrots); 4 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro; 8 teaspoons chopped fresh mint; 8 cooked peeled deveined medium shrimp, halved horizontally | INSTRUCTIONS: Mix first 4 ingredients in small bowl. Pour sauce into ramekin. Submerge 1 rice paper round in large bowl filled with room-temperature water. Let stand until soft and pliable but not limp, lifting occasionally to determine if soft, about 1 minute. Place softened round on work surface. Mound 2/3 cup coleslaw mix at end of round closest to you; sprinkle with 1 tablespoon cilantro and 2 teaspoons mint. Top with 4 shrimp halves, cut side down, in single layer. Fold in ends of round; roll up tightly into cylinder. Repeat with remaining ingredients to form 3 more rolls. Cut rolls diagonally in half; <END>
INPUT: lebanese, lemon juice, garlic, thyme, paprika, cumin
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lebanese Chicken | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 cup fresh lemon juice; 8 large garlic cloves, minced; 2 tablespoons minced fresh thyme or 2 teaspoons dried; 1 tablespoon paprika; 1 1/2 teaspoons ground cumin; 3/4 teaspoon cayenne pepper; 2 3-pound chickens, split lengthwise, backbones removed and discarded; Lemon wedges | INSTRUCTIONS: Whisk fresh lemon juice, minced garlic, thyme, paprika, cumin and cayenne pepper in small bowl. Place chicken in 13x9x2-inch glass baking dish. Pour marinade over; turn chicken to coat. Cover and refrigerate at least 6 hours or overnight, turning occasionally. Preheat over to 425°F. Transfer chicken and marinade to large roasting pan. Season chicken with salt and pepper. Bake until chicken is golden brown and cooked through, occasionally basting with pan juices, about 50 minutes. Transfer chicken to plates. Garnish with lemon. Pass pan juices separately. Whisk fresh lemon juice, minced garlic, <END>
INPUT: racks pork spareribs, Kosher salt, light sugar, garlic, thyme
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chili-Glazed Pork Ribs | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 racks pork spareribs (about 6 pounds); Kosher salt; 3 tablespoons packed light brown sugar; 2 cloves garlic, minced; 2 teaspoons fresh thyme; 3 tablespoons ancho chili powder; Freshly ground black pepper; 1/4 teaspoon cayenne pepper; 3 cups apple cider; 3 tablespoons ketchup; 2 tablespoons dijon mustard; 2 teaspoons Worcestershire sauce | INSTRUCTIONS: Make shallow cuts between the ribs on the bone side with a sharp knife, piercing just the membrane. Mix 1 tablespoon salt, the brown sugar, garlic, thyme, chili powder, 1/4 teaspoon black pepper and the cayenne in a bowl. Rub the spice mixture evenly over the ribs. Place the ribs on a rack in a roasting pan, loosely cover and refrigerate at least 4 hours or overnight. Meanwhile, combine the cider, ketchup, mustard and Worcestershire sauce in a saucepan over medium heat and simmer until reduced to about 2 cups, about 30 minutes. Cover and set aside. Preheat a grill to low heat on one side. Cook <END>
INPUT: pita, yeast, water, wheat flour, unbleached all purpose, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pita Bread | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 teaspoon dry yeast; 2 1/2 cups warm water (approximately 105 degrees F); 2 cups whole wheat flour; About 4 cups unbleached all-purpose or bread flour; 1 tablespoon salt; 1 to 2 tablespoons olive oil | INSTRUCTIONS: You will need a large bread bowl, a rolling pin, and unglazed quarry tiles or several baking sheets, or alternatively a castiron or other heavy skillet or griddle at least 9 inches in diameter. Sprinkle the yeast over the warm water in a large bread bowl. Stir to dissolve. Add whole wheat flour, one cup at a time, then 1 cup white flour. Stir 100 times (one minute) in the same direction to activate the gluten in the flour. Let this sponge rest for at least 10 minutes or as long as 2 hours. Sprinkle salt over the sponge and stir in the olive oil. Mix well. Add white flour, one cup at a time. Wh <END>
INPUT: Italian, chopped, Simple Pizza Dough, Olive oil, mozzarella, Parmesan, chicken breast
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chopped Caesar Salad Pizza | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 recipe Simple Pizza Dough, recipe follows; Olive oil, for brushing crust; 8 ounces mozzarella, sliced; 1/2 cup grated Parmesan, plus small chunk for shavingw; 1 chicken breast, grilled and sliced thinly; 2 romaine hearts, washed and dried, cut into 1/2-inch pieces; 1/2 cup Caesar Salad Dressing, recipe follows; Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper; 1/2 cup grated Parmesan; 1/3 cup mayonnaise; 1/4 cup lemon juice; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 2 teaspoons Dijon mustard; 1 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce; 1 teaspoon kosher salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Prepare the Simple Pizza Dough according to recipe. Preheat the oven to 500 degrees F. On a baking sheet brushed liberally with olive oil, stretch the dough to desired shape and thickness. Brush the crust with olive oil and top with the mozzarella slices. Bake the pizza until the dough crisps up and cheese is melted, about 15 minutes. Remove the pizza from oven. Top the melted mozzarella with the grated Parmesan and sliced chicken. Toss the romaine hearts with the Caesar Salad Dressing and season with salt and pepper. Top the pizza with the Caesar salad and shave over some Parmesan. Serve and  <END>
INPUT: souffles, butter, granulated sugar, good quality dark, eggs, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate Souffles | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons butter, plus more for coating ramekins; 1/4 cup granulated sugar, plus more for coating ramekins; 8 ounces good quality dark chocolate, chopped; 7 eggs, separated; Pinch salt; Melted vanilla bean ice cream, for serving | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Butter 6 ramekins or 1 large souffle dish and coat with granulated sugar, tapping the side of the ramekins while upside down to remove any excess sugar. Heat the chocolate and butter in a glass bowl over simmering water in a double boiler, until blended, stirring occasionally. When blended, remove the bowl from the double boiler. Using a hand mixer, beat the egg whites with a pinch of salt in a mixing bowl until soft peaks form. Add the 1/3 cup granulated sugar gradually, beating constantly until stiff peaks form. In a small bowl, whisk the egg yolks until sl <END>
INPUT: soup, olive oil, onion, bay leaf, Salt, Jerusalem artichokes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Jerusalem Artichoke Soup | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons olive oil; 1 white onion, diced; 1 bay leaf; Salt; 1 1/2 pounds Jerusalem artichokes, roughly chopped; 1/2 potato, quartered; 3 sprigs fresh thyme, tied with string, plus 1 sprig picked for garnish; 1/2 cup 35-percent cream; Extra-virgin olive oil, for drizzling | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat the oil in a medium pot over medium heat. Add the onions and bay leaf, sprinkle with salt and cook until tender and translucent. Add the Jerusalem artichokes and potatoes and stir. Add 8 cups water and the thyme bundle, and stir. Bring to a boil, then reduce to a simmer. Cook until the Jerusalem artichokes and potatoes are fork tender, 15 to 20 minutes. Remove the bay leaf and thyme bundle. In a blender, puree the soup in batches until smooth. Strain through a fine mesh strainer into a new pot. Bring to a boil and reduce to a simmer. Add the cream and season with salt. Serve, garnishing e <END>
INPUT: peel, macaroons, navel oranges, salt, granulated sugar, water, Butter greasing baking
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate Fondue with Candied Orange Peel, Raspberries, and Almond Macaroons | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 navel oranges; 1/2 to 3/4 teaspoon salt; 1/2 cup granulated sugar; 1/4 cup water; Butter for greasing baking sheet; 1/2 cup sliced blanched almonds (1 1/4 oz); 1/2 cup pure almond paste (5 oz; not marzipan); 1 large egg white; 1/8 teaspoon salt; 3 oz fine-quality bittersweet chocolate (no more than 64% cacao if marked); 1/4 cup heavy cream; 1 tablespoon unsalted butter; 1 tablespoon Cognac or other brandy; Special equipment: a pastry brush; a small fondue pot with tea candle or a small warmed bowl (fill with hot water to warm, then dry); wooden picks or ; Accompaniment: 1/2 pint raspberries | INSTRUCTIONS: Make candied peel: Cut off a 1/2-inch slice from top and bottom of each orange to expose fruit, then score orange peel from top to bottom at 1/3-inch intervals, cutting through pith, with a sharp knife. Pull off each strip of peel, including pith, with your fingers and put in a 2- to 3-quart heavy saucepan. (Reserve fruit for another use.) Fill pan with water, then add 1/4 teaspoon salt and bring to a boil. Boil, uncovered, 10 minutes, then drain peels in a sieve. Repeat procedure with more cold water and remaining 1/4 teaspoon salt, then set peels aside. (If peels are not very tender, repeat  <END>
INPUT: sauce, grape tomatoes, vegetable oil, salt, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Catfish and Okra with Pecan Butter Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 (10-oz) package frozen whole baby okra, thawed and rinsed; 12 oz grape tomatoes (2 cups); 2 tablespoons vegetable oil; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/4 teaspoon black pepper; 4 (1/2-lb) catfish fillets; 2 teaspoons Old Bay seasoning; 1 (10-oz) package frozen corn, thawed; 3/4 stick (6 tablespoons) unsalted butter; 1/2 cup pecans (2 oz), coarsely chopped; 1 teaspoon fresh lemon juice; Garnish: lemon wedges | INSTRUCTIONS: Put oven racks in upper and lower thirds of oven and preheat oven to 500°F. Toss okra and tomatoes with oil, salt, and pepper in a bowl. Spread in a large shallow baking pan and roast in lower third of oven until tomato skins begin to burst, about 10 minutes. Meanwhile, pat fillets dry and arrange in another large shallow baking pan. Sprinkle both sides with 1 1/2 teaspoons (total) Old Bay seasoning. When tomato skins begin to burst, add corn to vegetables in lower third of oven and put fish in upper third of oven. Roast fish and vegetables until fish is just cooked through, about 10 minutes.  <END>
INPUT: dutch, baby, sugar, lemon zest, eggs at minutes, milk at, all purpose flour
OUTPUT: TITLE: Dutch Baby with Lemon Sugar | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/3 cup sugar; 2 teaspoon grated lemon zest; 3 large eggs at room temperature 30 minutes; 2/3 cup whole milk at room temperature; 2/3 cup all-purpose flour; 1/4 teaspoon pure vanilla extract; 1/8 teaspoon cinnamon; 1/8 teaspoon grated nutmeg; 1/8 teaspoon salt; 1/2 stick unsalted butter, cut into pieces; Equipment: a 10-inch cast-iron skillet; Accompaniment: lemon wedges | INSTRUCTIONS: Put skillet on middle rack of oven and preheat oven to 450°F. Stir together sugar and zest in a small bowl. Beat eggs with an electric mixer at high speed until pale and frothy, then beat in milk, flour, vanilla, cinnamon, nutmeg, and salt and continue to beat until smooth, about 1 minute more (batter will be thin). Add butter to hot skillet and melt, swirling to coat. Add batter and immediately return skillet to oven. Bake until puffed and golden-brown, 18 to 25 minutes. Serve immediately, topped with lemon sugar. Put skillet on middle rack of oven and preheat oven to 450°F. Stir together sug <END>
INPUT: Mexican, polenta, olive oil, coarse cornmeal, chicken broth, beef
OUTPUT: TITLE: Polenta and Salsa Beef | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup olive oil; 1 cup coarse yellow cornmeal; 4 cups chicken broth; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1 pound ground beef; 2 red bell peppers, cut into 1/4 inch dice; 2 cups salsa, storebought; 1 cup chopped fresh cilantro; Grated aged Jack cheese or sharp white cheddar; Salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat the oil in a large saucepan. Add cornmeal and saute, stirring constantly, for a minute so all grains are coated with oil. Add the broth and bring liquid to a boil whisking all the while. When this comes to a boil it will bubble up. Quickly put a lid on and turn heat down to very low; cook until no longer tastes raw, about 20 minutes. Season with salt and pepper. Meanwhile heat 2 tab oil in large skillet. Add peppers, cover and cook until tender, about 10 minutes. Uncover skillet, crumble in ground beef and cook until no longer pink. Add salsa and cook uncovered for 5 minutes until thick.  <END>
INPUT: Kosher salt, baby skinned potatoes, onions, Brussels sprouts, unsalted butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Glazed Brussels Sprouts and Potatoes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Kosher salt; 2 pounds baby red-skinned potatoes; 2 red onions, cut into 1-inch wedges; 2 pounds small Brussels sprouts, trimmed, tough outer leaves removed; 1 stick unsalted butter; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh thyme; 1 tablespoon white wine vinegar; 1 tablespoon honey; Freshly ground pepper; 1/4 cup chopped fresh parsley | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add the potatoes and cook until tender, about 15 minutes, adding the red onions during the last 4 minutes of cooking. Remove with a slotted spoon; blot dry with paper towels. Prepare a large bowl of ice water. Return the pot of water to a boil; add the Brussels sprouts and cook until tender, 6 to 7 minutes. Drain and immediately transfer to the ice water. Stir a few times until cooled, then drain the Brussels sprouts; blot dry with paper towels. (The vegetables can be prepared to this point up to 2 hours ahead; cover and refrigerate.) Melt the butte <END>
INPUT: Asian, japanese, barbecue, water, short grain rice, sherry, sugar, Tamari dark aged
OUTPUT: TITLE: Japanese Style Barbecue Party: Chicken Yakitori, Beef with Ginger and Soy, 5 Spice and Sesame Seared | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 2 3/4 cups water; 1 1/2 cups white short grain rice; 3 tablespoons dry sherry; 2 tablespoons sugar; 1/4 cup Tamari dark aged soy sauce, available on the Asian foods aisle; 2 tablespoons light oil, such as wok oil or vegetable oil, eyeball it; 1 pound chicken breast tenders, cut in half on an angle; 5 scallions, cut in 1/2; 3 inches fresh ginger root, minced or grated with hand grater or microplane tool; 1/4 cup tamari dark soy sauce; 2 tablespoons light oil, such as wok oil or vegetable oil, eyeball it; 1 teaspoon toasted sesame oil; 1 1/4 pounds beef sirloin, 1 1/2 inches thick; Steak seasoning blend or fresh ground black pepper; 1 package, minimum 40 count, 8-inch bamboo skewers | INSTRUCTIONS: Place water in sauce pan over high heat in medium saucepan and bring to a boil. Add rice, stir. Cover rice and reduce heat to low. Cook rice 18 minutes or until tender. Preheat coals for tabletop hibachi or preheat grill pan over medium high to high heat. Combine sherry, sugar, dark soy and oil in a shallow dish. Turn cut chicken and scallions in marinade and let stand 10 minutes. Wash hands. Combine ginger and soy, oil and sesame oil in a second shallow dish for the beef. Cut raw meat against the grain in thin strips. Thread strips on to skewers, reserving several skewers for chicken, set int <END>
INPUT: American, turnovers, tomatoes, honey, sugar, ginger, vanilla extract
OUTPUT: TITLE: Green Tomato Pie Turnovers | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 5 green tomatoes; 1 cup honey; 1/2 cup sugar; 1/2 teaspoon grated ginger; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; 4 ounces butter; 9 ounces flour; 2 tablespoons water; 1 3/4 ounces sugar; 1 dash salt; 1 egg yolk; 3/4 cup toasted sliced almonds; 2 eggs, beaten; 1 tablespoon powdered sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: For the green tomato marmalade: Cut 4 tomatoes in small dice, and cut the last one in 5 slices. In a small pan, boil the honey, sugar, until sugar is dissolved and has nice golden color. Add ginger, and the vanilla. Then, add all the tomatoes. Try to keep the sliced ones separated. Cook for 20 to 30 minutes very slowly. For the sugar dough: Cut the butter in small pieces on top of the flour. Mix with your fingers, then, put in the middle, the water, the sugar, salt and the egg yolks. Mix everything together but do NOT work the dough too long. Let sit in a cool place for 2 hours. Add the toaste <END>
INPUT: Asian, poke, ginger, Hawaiian chili pepper, ogo, sesame oil, Hawaiian alae
OUTPUT: TITLE: Ahi Poke | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1/4-ounce ginger, finely chopped; 1/8 teaspoon Hawaiian chili pepper; 1/2 teaspoon chopped ogo (fresh seaweed); 1/2-ounce sesame oil, for taste; Hawaiian alae (red sea salt); 1 bag taro chips; 1-ounce ahi, diced (Hawaiian tuna); 1/8-ounce chives, chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Cut Ahi into small cubes and mix all the ingredients together. Season to taste. Mix thoroughly and serve it with taro chips. <END>
INPUT: spiced, vanilla sugar, water, Saigon cinnamon, allspice, walnuts
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spiced Nuts | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup vanilla sugar; 1/2 cup water; 1/2 teaspoon Saigon cinnamon; 1/4 teaspoon allspice; 1 1/2 cups walnuts | INSTRUCTIONS: Spray a sheet tray with foil and spray with non-stick spray. Add vanilla sugar, water, cinnamon, and allspice to a large saucepan over medium high heat. Bring to a boil, then simmer until reduced by half, about 5 minutes. The mixture will start looking dark and thick. Quickly stir in the walnuts to the simmering syrup. Cook in the syrup while stirring until it begins to bubble and thicken. Spread the candy in a single layer to the prepared sheet tray- breaking up large clusters with a wooden spoon. Let cool completely, about 5-10 minutes until the candied harden and the syrup dries. Break apar <END>
INPUT: American, picando, burger, mayonnaise, orange juice, orange zest, garlic, Portuguese chourico linguica
OUTPUT: TITLE: Portuguese Pineapple Picando Burger | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1/3 cup mayonnaise; 2 tablespoons fresh orange juice; Pinch orange zest; 1 tablespoon minced garlic; 1/2 pound ground Portuguese chourico or linguica; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 3 tablespoons Zinfandel; 2 tablespoons tomato sauce from a jar; 1 1/2 pounds ground sirloin; Vegetable oil, for brushing grill rack; 4 Portuguese sweet rolls; 1 cup cilantro leaves; 4 sliced rings fresh pineapple | INSTRUCTIONS: To make the orange-garlic aioli: In a small bowl, combine mayonnaise, orange juice, zest and garlic; Refrigerate to chill until ready to use. Prepare an open grill for moderate direct heat cooking. In a small frying pan, saute the ground chourico or linguica in the olive oil, add wine and tomato sauce, remove from pan and let cool. When the chourico is cool, in a large bowl, combine chourico to the ground beef and form 4 patties to fit the rolls. When the fire is ready, brush the grill rack with oil. Grill the patties until done to preference, turning once, 8 to 10 minutes medium rare. During  <END>
INPUT: Kosher salt, beans, skin almonds, unsalted butter, virgin olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Green Beans with Caramelized Onions and Almonds | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Kosher salt; 3 pounds green beans, trimmed of stem end; 1/2 cup skin on sliced almonds; 3 tablespoons unsalted butter; 5 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 2 large onions, sliced thin; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh thyme leaves; Freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Fill a large high sided skillet with some water, adding enough to be just shy of the rim of the pan by about 1 inch. Place over high heat and bring up to boil; add a big pinch of salt and the green beans. Cook for about 5 minutes, the beans should still be crisp. Drain the beans and then run them under some cold water to stop them from cooking. Reserve the beans while you start the onions. Return the skillet you cooked the beans in to the cook top over medium heat. Add the almonds and toast stirring every now and then until golden, about 3 to 5 minutes. Remove th <END>
INPUT: olive oil, loose Italian sausage, shallot, mushrooms, pine nuts
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sausage-Stuffed Mushrooms | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon olive oil; 8 ounces loose Italian sausage; 1 shallot, chopped; 20 large white mushrooms, stems removed and reserved; 1/4 cup pine nuts; 3/4 cup grated Swiss cheese; 1/2 cup grated Gruyere cheese; 1/4 cup heavy cream; 1/2 cup breadcrumbs; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper. In a saute pan over medium-high heat, add the olive oil, sausage and shallots. Saute until browned, breaking up the sausage into small pieces with a wooden spoon, 5 to 7 minutes. Add the browned sausage and reserved mushroom stems to the bowl of a food processor and pulse until combined. Add the pine nuts and pulse a few more times until slightly smooth. Transfer to a mixing bowl and fold in the Swiss cheese, Gruyere and cream. Add the breadcrumbs and parsley to a small bowl and mix to c <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, panzanella, country style bread, lemon zest, olive oil, Kosher salt, shallot
OUTPUT: TITLE: Radicchio, Fennel, and Olive Panzanella | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 6 ounces country-style bread, torn into bite-size pieces (about 4 cups); 1 tablespoon finely grated lemon zest; 1/2 cup olive oil, divided; Kosher salt, freshly ground pepper; 1 small shallot, finely chopped; 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh oregano; 1 small head radicchio, torn into bite-size pieces; 1 small fennel bulb, thinly sliced; 1 cup fresh flat-leaf parsley leaves with tender stems; 1/2 cup green olives, pitted, halved; 3 ounces aged sheep's-milk cheese (such as Manchego), shaved; 3 ounces hard salami, thinly sliced | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 400°F. Toss bread with lemon zest and 1/4 cup oil on a rimmed baking sheet; season with salt and pepper. Bake, tossing occasionally, until crisp on the outside but still chewy in the center, 8–10 minutes. Let cool. Whisk shallot, lemon juice, vinegar, and oregano in a large bowl; season with salt and pepper. Whisk in remaining 1/4 cup oil. Add radicchio, fennel, parsley, olives, cheese, salami, and bread to dressing; toss to combine. DO AHEAD: Salad can be dressed the night before. Cover and chill. Preheat oven to 400°F. Toss bread with lemon zest and 1/4 cup oil on a rimmed ba <END>
INPUT: yams, pure maple syrup, orange peel, cranberries
OUTPUT: TITLE: Maple-Glazed Yams with Orange and Cranberries | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 3/4 pounds yams (red-skinned sweet potatoes), peeled, cut into 1-inch pieces; 3/4 cup pure maple syrup; 6 tablespoons (3/4 stick) butter, melted; 1 1/2 teaspoons grated orange peel; 6 tablespoons dried cranberries; Chopped fresh parsley | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350°F. Cook yams in large pot of boiling salted water 3 minutes. Drain; transfer to 13 x 9 x 2-inch glass baking dish. Blend syrup, butter and peel in small bowl; pour over yams. Sprinkle with salt and pepper; toss to coat. (Can be made 1 day ahead. Cover and refrigerate.) Bake yams uncovered until just tender, stirring and basting occasionally, about 30 minutes. Mix in cranberries. Continue baking until yams are very tender and juices form thick glaze, about 15 minutes longer. Garnish with chopped fresh parsley and serve. Preheat oven to 350°F. Cook yams in large pot of boilin <END>
INPUT: American, wine, rosemary, unsalted butter, kosher salt, olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: NY Strip Steak with Red Wine-Rosemary Butter | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup dry red wine; 1 sprig fresh rosemary, plus 2 teaspoons chopped; 2 sticks unsalted butter, at room temperature; 1 teaspoon kosher salt; 3 tablespoons olive oil, plus more for drizzling; 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh rosemary; 1 tablespoon kosher salt; 2 cloves garlic, minced; Four 6-ounce boneless NY strip steaks; 2 lemons, halved | INSTRUCTIONS: For the red wine-rosemary butter: Place the wine and the rosemary sprig in a small saucepan over medium heat. Bring to a boil, then lower the heat and simmer until the wine has reduced to a syrup and measures approximately 2 tablespoons, about 20 minutes. Let cool to room temperature before removing and discarding the rosemary sprig. Place the butter, the chopped rosemary and the salt in a food processor and pulse to combine. Add the wine syrup and process until fully integrated, about 1 minute. Set aside. For the strip steak: Preheat a grill or grill pan to high heat. In a small bowl, combine <END>
INPUT: American, cheese, macaroni, butternut squash, Olive oil, Kosher salt pepper, onions
OUTPUT: TITLE: Butternut Mac 'n' Cheese | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 12 ounces macaroni; 1 butternut squash; Olive oil, for drizzling; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 yellow onions, sliced; 8 tablespoons (1 stick) salted butter; 2 tablespoons all-purpose flour; 2 cups whole milk, plus more if needed for thinning; 2 cups grated sharp Cheddar; 1/2 cup seasoned breadcrumbs | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Bring a pot of water to a boil. Cook the macaroni until al dente according to the package instructions. Drain, rinse with cold water to stop the cooking process and set aside. Carefully cut the butternut squash in half lengthwise and remove the seeds. Drizzle half of the squash with olive oil and place it on a rimmed baking sheet cut-side up (reserve the other half of the squash in the fridge for another use). Roast, watching to make sure the surface doesn't get burned (it should have some brown areas, however), until fork-tender, 20 to 25 minutes. Scrape out <END>
INPUT: pudding, sweet butter, shucked corn kernels, eggs, heavy cream, milk
OUTPUT: TITLE: Corn Pudding | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 tablespoons sweet butter; 4 cups freshly shucked corn kernels; 6 eggs; 1 cup heavy cream; 1 cup milk; 1/2 cup all-purpose flour; 1 teaspoon salt; Freshly ground black pepper; 2 tablespoons sugar; 2 teaspoons freshly chopped thyme | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees. Use 2 tablespoons of the butter to grease a 2 1/2-inch deep 10-inch baking dish and set aside. Place 2 cups of corn kernels in the bowl of a food processor along with the eggs, cream, milk, flour, salt, pepper, and sugar and process for 10 seconds. Transfer the puree to a bowl; fold in the remaining corn kernels and thyme and pour the pudding into the buttered baking dish. Place the baking dish in a roasting pan and add very hot water to reach halfway up the sides of the dish. Dot the top of the pudding with the remaining butter, place in the oven and bake for  <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, falafel, garbanzo beans, onion, all purpose flour, salt free garlic, cumin
OUTPUT: TITLE: Falafel with Hummus | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 1 15-ounce can garbanzo beans (chickpeas), drained; 1/4 cup chopped onion; 3 tablespoons all purpose flour plus more for dredging; 2 1/2 teaspoons salt-free garlic pepper spice blend; 1 teaspoon ground cumin; 1 teaspoon baking powder; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 2 tablespoons (packed) chopped fresh Italian parsley; Vegetable oil (for frying); Purchased hummus | INSTRUCTIONS: Puree canned garbanzo beans, chopped onion, 3 tablespoons all purpose flour, garlic pepper spice blend, ground cumin, baking powder, and salt in processor until coarse puree forms. Add chopped Italian parsley; process just to blend. Generously sprinkle plate with all purpose flour. Roll level tablespoonfuls garbanzo bean mixture into balls; transfer balls to plate. Roll falafel in flour to coat generously; flatten balls slightly. Pour enough vegetable oil into heavy large skillet to reach depth of 1/2 inch. Heat oil to 375°F. Working in 2 batches, fry falafel patties until deep brown, turning  <END>
INPUT: Italian, smallish fingerling potatoes, virgin olive oil, kosher salt, pepper, water
OUTPUT: TITLE: Angel Hair Pasta with Lemon, Fingerling Potatoes and Sunflower Greens | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 4 to 6 smallish fingerling potatoes (about 4 to 6 ounces total), thoroughly washed and dried; 1 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 2 tablespoons kosher salt, for the pasta water, plus more for seasoning; Freshly ground black pepper; 6 quarts water; 1/2 pound dried angel hair pasta; 1 cup heavy cream; 1 cup sour cream; Zest of 2 lemons; Juice of 1 lemon; Worcestershire sauce; 1 small bunch chives, trimmed and minced; 1/2 cup sunflower greens; 4 to 6 smallish fingerling potatoes (about 4 to 6 ounces total), thoroughly washed and dried; 1 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Cook the potatoes: Put the potatoes on a small baking sheet. Drizzle with the olive oil and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Put the tray in the center of the oven and cook until the potatoes are tender when pierced with the tip of a knife, about 20 to 30 minutes. Set aside. Cook the pasta: Bring a large pot of water to a rolling boil over medium heat. Add the 2 tablespoons salt and bring the water back up to a boil. Add the pasta and cook for 3 minutes. Stir the pasta with a slotted spoon to make sure it does not clump or stick to the bottom as it cook <END>
INPUT: butter, shallots, Madeira, low salt chicken, honey
OUTPUT: TITLE: Madeira-Glazed Shallots | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon butter; 18 shallots, peeled; 1 1/2 cups Madeira; 3/4 cup canned low-salt chicken broth; 3 tablespoons honey | INSTRUCTIONS: Melt butter in heavy large saucepan over medium heat. Add shallots; sauté until golden, about 10 minutes. Stir in Madeira, broth and honey. Simmer until shallots are tender and liquid is reduced to glaze, about 1 hour 10 minutes. (Glazed shallots can be made 1 day ahead. Cover and refrigerate. Rewarm over low heat, stirring often, before serving.) Melt butter in heavy large saucepan over medium heat. Add shallots; sauté until golden, about 10 minutes. Stir in Madeira, broth and honey. Simmer until shallots are tender and liquid is reduced to glaze, about 1 hour 10 minutes. (Glazed shallots can <END>
INPUT: your favorite vanilla, good quality dulce, bananas, caramel sauce
OUTPUT: TITLE: Dulce de Leche Cake Waffle | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 box your favorite vanilla cake mix (or any other flavors); Nonstick spray; 1/2 gallon good-quality dulce de leche ice cream; 4 bananas, sliced into 1-inch pieces; 1 cup caramel sauce; 1 cup toasted chopped walnuts; Whipped cream, for garnish; Special equipment: waffle iron | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 250 degrees F and prepare a cookie sheet with a cooling rack on top. In a large bowl, add the cake mix and prepare the batter according to the package instructions. Spray the waffle iron with nonstick spray. Pour about 1 cup batter into the preheated waffle iron and cook the waffle according to the waffle maker's instructions. As each waffle is cooked, place it onto the prepared rack in the oven to keep warm. When you're ready to serve the waffles, remove from the oven and place 1 onto a warmed plate. Top with 2 scoops ice cream, some bananas, drizzle with the caramel sauce <END>
INPUT: torta, christmas, heavy cream, sugar, blueberries, raspberries, blackberries
OUTPUT: TITLE: Torta di Panettone: Christmas Cake | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups/450 ml heavy cream, cold; 3 tablespoons/45 ml sugar; 1 cup blueberries; 1 cup/250 ml raspberries; 1 cup/250 ml blackberries; 1 cup/250 ml strawberries, halved; 3 ounces/100 ml grappa; 1 panettone cake | INSTRUCTIONS: Place the heavy cream in a large bowl. Add 2 tablespoons sugar and whisk together until firm. In another bowl add the blueberries, raspberries, blackberries, strawberries, remaining sugar, and grappa. Allow the mixture to rest for 5 minutes and allow the sugar to marinate with the grappa. Cut the Panettone cake into approximately 1-inch to 1 1/2-inch thick slices. Reconstruct the Panettone by re-layering the slices of cake with the whipping cream and mixed fruit and juices equally in between all the layered pieces. Repeat until all the layers and cake have been reconstructed. Add any remaining <END>
INPUT: Asian, roasting chicken, piece ginger, garlic fine, coriander Chinese parsley, two soy sauce
OUTPUT: TITLE: Ginger Chicken | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1 roasting chicken; 1 piece of ginger, about the size of a finger, chopped fine or grated; 1 clove garlic chopped fine; 2 sprigs of fresh coriander or Chinese parsley (also known as cilantro); dash or two of soy sauce; soy sauce, peanut oil and ground ginger (for basting) | INSTRUCTIONS: Take a piece of fresh ginger about the size of a finger and chop it fine or grate it on a coarse grater. Combine it with 1 finely chopped clove of garlic and a sprig or two of fresh coriander or Chinese parsley (also known as cilantro). Put this mixture in the cavity of a chicken and add a dash or two of soy sauce. Close the vent with foil, truss the bird and brush it with a mixture of soy sauce, peanut oil and ground ginger. Spit it and roast, basting during the cooking with more soy, oil and ginger. Serve this chicken with a good chutney, hot mustard and additional soy sauce. Rice, of course <END>
INPUT: American, all purpose flour, granulated sugar, salt, vegetable shortening, unsalted butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Maple-Walnut Cream Pie | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/4 cups all-purpose flour, plus more for dusting; 1 tablespoon granulated sugar; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 4 tablespoons cold vegetable shortening; 6 tablespoons cold unsalted butter, cut into small pieces; 1 tablespoon apple cider vinegar; 3/4 cup finely chopped walnuts; 1 1/4 teaspoons unflavored gelatin powder; 1/2 cup pure maple syrup (preferably grade B); 1/4 cup granulated sugar; 2 cups cold heavy cream; 2 large eggs; 1/4 teaspoon maple extract; 1/4 cup confectioners' sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: Make the crust: Pulse the flour, granulated sugar and salt in a food processor to combine. Add the shortening and pulse until the mixture looks like cornmeal. Add the butter and pulse until it is in pea-size pieces. Add the vinegar and 2 tablespoons ice water; pulse until the dough just comes together but is still crumbly. Turn out onto a piece of plastic wrap; shape into a disk and wrap. Refrigerate until firm, at least 1 hour or overnight. Roll out the dough into a 12-inch round on a lightly floured surface. Ease into a 9 1/2 -inch deep-dish pie plate. Fold the overhanging dough under itself <END>
INPUT: American, pie crust, Pecan filling, eggs, corn syrup pure, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pecan Pumpkin Pie | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 10inch pie crust, premade; Pecan filling; 2 large eggs; 1/2 cup corn syrup or pure maple syrup; 1/2 cup packed brown sugar; 1/2 teaspoon pure vanilla extract; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 1 cup coarsely chopped toasted pecans; 3 eggs; 13/4 cups cooked pumpkin puree (15ounce can); 1 cup milk; 3/4 cup packed brown sugar; 11/2 teaspoons ground cinnamon; 11/2 teaspoons ground ginger; 1/2 teaspoon salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees. Prepare the pie crust by rolling it out and crimping the edge to form a highstanding rim. For the pecan filling, whisk the eggs in a bowl until foamy. Stir in the corn syrup or maple syrup, brown sugar, vanilla, salt and pecans. Spread the pecan filling over the bottom of the pie crust. Bake for about 20 minutes, until the filling is set and slightly puffed. Meanwhile, whisk the eggs for the pumpkin filling and stir in the pumpkin puree, milk, brown sugar, cinnamon, ginger, salt, and vanilla until well blended. When the pecan filling has set, remove it from the <END>
INPUT: Mexican, fiesta, pinto beans, garlic, bell peppers, orange bell peppers
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fiesta Beans | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2 pounds dried pinto beans; 6 cloves garlic, minced; 2 green bell peppers, seeded and diced; 2 orange bell peppers, seeded and diced; 2 red bell peppers, seeded and diced; 1 onion, diced; 1 ham hock (or 6 slices thick-cut bacon, cut into pieces); 1 tablespoon chili powder; 1 teaspoon ground cumin; 1 teaspoon salt; 1 teaspoon black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Place the beans in a large bowl and cover them with cold water. Set them aside and let them soak for 5 to 6 hours or overnight. Drain and rinse the beans, and then place them in a large pot. Add the garlic, green, orange and red bell peppers and the onions. Cover them with about an inch of water, and then add the ham hock or bacon. Next add the chili powder, cumin, salt and pepper. Stir to combine, and then bring the mixture to a boil. Reduce the heat to low and simmer the beans until tender, about 2 hours. Check the liquid level about halfway through the cooking <END>
INPUT: coarse sea salt, Szechwan peppercorns, pink peppercorns
OUTPUT: TITLE: Salt-and-Pepper Edamame | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup coarse sea salt; 1 tablespoon Szechwan peppercorns; 1 tablespoon pink peppercorns; 1 (1-pound) bag frozen edamame (soybeans in the pod) | INSTRUCTIONS: Toast salt in a dry, small, heavy skillet over moderate heat, stirring, until the salt turns light tan, about 7 minutes. Transfer salt to a bowl. Toast Szechwan peppercorns in skillet over moderate heat, stirring, until fragrant, about 2 minutes. Transfer toasted peppercorns to a sheet of waxed paper to cool. Using paper as a funnel, pour toasted peppercorns into an electric coffee/spice grinder or a mortar. Add pink peppercorns and pulse or pound with a pestle until finely ground. Pour through a coarse sieve into bowl of salt and stir together. Cook edamame in salted boiling water until tende <END>
INPUT: fluffy, sundaes, heavy cream, bittersweet chocolate chips, natural creamy peanut, confectioners' sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fluffy Chocolate-Peanut Butter Sundaes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup heavy cream; 2/3 cup bittersweet chocolate chips, such as Ghirardelli; 1/4 cup natural creamy peanut butter; 1 cup heavy cream; 2 tablespoons confectioners' sugar; 1 cup marshmallow cream; 1 pint chocolate peanut butter or vanilla ice cream; Sprinkles, crushed cookies and store-bought or homemade crostini, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. For the chocolate-peanut butter sauce: Warm the heavy cream in a small saucepan over medium heat until it begins to simmer. Place the chocolate chips and peanut butter in a medium bowl. Pour the warm cream over and allow to sit for 1 minute. Whisk until smooth. Set aside to cool slightly. For the toppings: Using a hand-held mixer, whip the heavy cream and confectioners' sugar on high speed in a medium bowl until stiff peaks form. Using a rubber spatula, quickly fold in the marshmallow cream. To make the sundaes, put 1 scoop of ice cream into each of 4 sundae bowl <END>
INPUT: gremolata, lemon juice, pepper, Salt, virgin olive oil, chicken breasts
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Lemon Pepper Chicken Breasts with Thyme Gremolata | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup fresh lemon juice; 1 tablespoon coarsely ground black pepper; Salt; 1/2 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 3 whole boneless skinless chicken breasts; 1 tablespoon fresh thyme leaves; 2 large garlic cloves, minced; 1 teaspoon freshly grated lemon zest; Lemon slices; Thyme sprigs | INSTRUCTIONS: In a bowl whisk together lemon juice, pepper and salt to taste and add oil in a stream, whisking until marinade is emulsified. With a rolling pin or smooth side of a meat pounder flatten chicken 1/4-inch thick between sheets of plastic wrap. In a large resealable plastic bag marinate chicken in marinade, chilled, 30 minutes. Prepare grill. Make gremolata: In a small bowl stir together gremolata ingredients. Grill chicken on an oiled rack set 5 to 6 inches over glowing coals until just cooked through, about 2 minutes on each side. Serve chicken sprinkled with gremolata and garnished with lemon  <END>
INPUT: turnover, Pink Lady apples, apple cider vinegar, vanilla bean
OUTPUT: TITLE: Apple-Almond Turnover | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 large Pink Lady apples, peeled, halved, cored; 1/2 cup apple cider vinegar; 1/4 cup (packed) light brown sugar; 1/2 vanilla bean, halved lengthwise; 1 (14-ounce) package frozen puff pastry (such as Dufour), thawed; All-purpose flour (for dusting); 3 1/2 ounces almond paste; 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, cut into small pieces; 1 large egg, beaten to blend; 2 tablespoons granulated sugar; Vanilla ice cream (for serving; optional) | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 400°F. Place apples in a large baking dish and add vinegar, brown sugar, and 3/4 cup water; scrape in seeds from vanilla bean and add pod. Toss to coat apples and roast, turning apples occasionally and adding a splash of water if pan looks dry at any point, until apples are tender and starting to brown and juices are syrupy, 35–40 minutes. Let apples cool in pan; discard vanilla pod. Reduce oven temperature to 375°F. Roll out puff pastry on a lightly floured surface to a 14x11" rectangle. Transfer to a parchment-lined baking sheet, placing a short end nearest to you. Roll out a <END>
INPUT: soup, olive oil, chorizo, Yukon Gold potatoes, onion, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Kale Soup | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1 pound fresh chorizo; 4 Yukon Gold potatoes, cubed; 1 medium onion, finely chopped; 4 cloves garlic, minced; 8 cups chicken broth; 1 pound kale, stems removed, leaves torn into 1-inch pieces; 1/2 cup grated Parmesan; Kosher salt and black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Heat the olive oil in a large stockpot over medium heat. Brown the chorizo in the oil, 5 to 7 minutes. Add the potatoes, onions, garlic and chicken broth. Simmer until the potatoes are fork tender, 20 to 25 minutes. Reduce the heat to low, add the kale, and cover. Cook until the kale wilts, 7 to 10 minutes. Uncover, add the Parmesan, and heat through for about 5 more minutes. Season to taste with salt and pepper. <END>
INPUT: American, mixed, casserole, unsalted butter, onions, carrot, celery
OUTPUT: TITLE: Barley and Mixed Mushroom Casserole | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 2 medium onions, finely diced; 1 carrot, very finely chopped; 1 celery rib, thinly sliced; 3/4 pound (4 1/2 cups) thinly sliced mushrooms (such as shiitake, button, baby; 1 1/2 cups pearl barley; 1 1/2 teaspoons minced fresh thyme, or 3/4 teaspoon dried; 3/4 teaspoon salt; Generous seasoning freshly ground black pepper; 4 1/2 cups boiling vegetable stock | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees. Melt the butter in a large skillet over medium high heat. Add the onions, carrot, celery, mushrooms, barley, thyme, salt and pepper and saute, stirring frequently, until the mushrooms begin to brown, about 10 minutes. Scrape the mixture into a shallow 2 1/2quart baking dish (such as a 10 by 10inch Corning Ware casserole) and pour in the boiling vegetable stock. Cover tightly and bake 60 to 75 minutes, or until all the liquid is absorbed. (Be careful of the steam when removing the cover.) The barley should have a slightly crunchy texture when done. If it is too  <END>
INPUT: Mexican, lava, mango, barbecue sauce, honey, lime juice, canola oil, Dijon mustard
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lava Rock Shrimp With Honey Chipotle Lime Sauce and Mango Jicama Salsa | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup barbecue sauce; 1/4 cup honey; 1/4 cup lime juice (about 1 1/2 limes); 1/4 cup canola oil; 2 teaspoons Dijon mustard; Pinch red chile flakes; Pinch chile powder; Pinch cayenne pepper; 4 chipotles in adobo; 3/4 cup all-purpose flour; 1 teaspoon kosher salt; 1 teaspoon fresh cracked black pepper; 1/4 teaspoon cayenne pepper; 1/4 teaspoon chili powder; 12 ounces rock shrimp (about 1 1/2 cups) | INSTRUCTIONS: For the honey chipotle lime sauce: In a food processor, puree all the ingredients until combined and add to a saucepan to heat through over medium heat. For the shrimp: While the sauce is reducing, combine the flour with the salt, pepper, cayenne and chili powder and stir to combine. Add the shrimp in batches to the flour and toss gently to coat evenly. Preheat a couple inches canola oil to 350 degrees F in a deep skillet and add the shrimp. Cook until golden brown, turning as needed, 3 to 4 minutes. Work in batches to avoid crowding. Remove from the oil and drain on a paper towel-lined plate. <END>
INPUT: herb, gravy, water, coarse kosher salt, bay leaves, peppercorns, allspice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Herb-Roasted Turkey with Apple Cider Gravy | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 8 quarts cold water; 2 cups coarse kosher salt; 8 large fresh or dried bay leaves; 2 tablespoons black peppercorns; 2 tablespoons whole allspice; 1 16- to 17-pound turkey; giblets removed, neck reserved; 3 tablespoons minced fresh Italian parsley; 3 tablespoons minced fresh thyme; 3 tablespoons minced fresh sage; 3 tablespoons minced fresh marjoram; 1 teaspoon minced fresh rosemary; 1 teaspoon ground nutmeg; 3/4 cup (1 1/2 sticks) unsalted butter, room temperature; 4 cups low-salt chicken broth; 2 cups apple cider | INSTRUCTIONS: To brine the turkey: Line extra-large pot or bowl with two 13-gallon (or larger) plastic bags, 1 inside the other. Combine 1 quart water, salt, bay leaves, peppercorns, and allspice in large saucepan. Stir over medium heat until salt dissolves. Remove from heat. Add 1 quart cold water and cool to lukewarm. Pour into plastic bags; mix in remaining 6 quarts water. Wrap turkey neck and refrigerate. Submerge turkey in brine to cover completely, gathering bags tightly to eliminate any air; tie bags closed. Refrigerate turkey in brine in pot at least 18 hours and up to 20 hours. Line large roasting  <END>
INPUT: American, Pate Brisee, egg yolks, granulated sugar, cornstarch, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Banana Cream Pie | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 recipe Pate Brisee, recipe follows; 5 large egg yolks; 1/2 cup granulated sugar; 3 tablespoons cornstarch; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 2 1/2 cups whole milk; 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, cut into pieces; 1 1/2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract; 3 ripe bananas; 1 1/2 teaspoons freshly squeezed lemon juice; 1 3/4 cups heavy cream; 3 tablespoons confectioners' sugar, sifted; All-purpose flour, for dusting | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F. Lightly dust a clean work surface with flour, and roll out pate brisee to a 1/8-inch thickness. Fit into a 9-inch deep-dish pie plate. Trim pastry using scissors or a sharp paring knife. Crimp or decorate edges of pastry if desired. Chill for 30 minutes. Carefully line pastry with parchment paper, pressing it into corners and edges, and weight with beans, rice, or aluminum or ceramic weights. Bake until pastry begins to color around edges, about 15 minutes. Remove paper and weights, and continue to bake just until pastry dries out and turns golden brown, 10 to 15 <END>
INPUT: Indian, biscuits, all purpose flour, baking powder, cardamom, baking soda
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cardamom Biscuits | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 3 cups all purpose flour; 1/2 cup (packed) golden brown sugar; 3 3/4 teaspoons baking powder; 2 1/4 teaspoons ground cardamom; 3/4 teaspoon baking soda; 1/4 teaspoon (generous) salt; 3/4 cup (1 1/2 sticks) chilled unsalted butter, cut into 1/2-inch pieces; 3 large eggs; 1/2 cup (about) chilled buttermilk; 1 1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract; 1 1/2 tablespoons melted buter; Sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 425°F. Combine first 6 ingredients in processor and mix. Add chilled butter and cut in using on/off turns until mixture resembles coarse meal. Transfer to large bowl. Beat eggs to blend in glass measuring cup. Add enough buttermilk to beaten eggs to measure 9 ounces (1 cup plus 2 tablespoons). Add vanilla. Using fork, mix buttermilk mixture into dry ingredients just until dough binds together. Gently knead dough on floured surface until it just hold together, about 10 turns. Divide dough into 3 equal pieces. Form one dough piece into ball and flatten to 1-inch-thick round. Cut  <END>
INPUT: American, sifted powdered sugar, smooth old fashioned, vanilla extract, Grape Nuts cereal, milk
OUTPUT: TITLE: Peanut Butter and White Chocolate Cream Pie | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup sifted powdered sugar; 3/4 cup smooth old-fashioned peanut butter; 2 1/2 teaspoons vanilla extract; 2 tablespoons Grape-Nuts cereal; 2 1/2 cups whole milk; 4 large egg yolks; 3/4 cup sugar; 1/4 cup all purpose flour; 1/4 cup cornstarch; 6 ounces good-quality white chocolate (such as Lindt or Baker's), chopped; 1 9-inch-diameter frozen pie shell, baked according to package directions, cooled completely; 2 ripe bananas, peeled, sliced; 1 1/2 cups chilled whipping cream, beaten to firm peaks | INSTRUCTIONS: Using fork, mix powdered sugar, peanut butter and 1 teaspoon vanilla extract in medium bowl until mixture resembles coarse dry crumbs. Place cereal in small bowl. Mix 1/2 cup peanut butter mixture into cereal; set aside. Whisk 1/4 cup milk, yolks, sugar, flour and cornstarch in bowl to blend. Pour remaining 2 1/4 cups milk into heavy medium saucepan; bring to simmer. Gradually whisk hot milk into yolk mixture. Return mixture to saucepan. Whisk constantly over medium heat until custard boils and thickens, about 2 minutes. Remove from heat. Add white chocolate and remaining 1 1/2 teaspoons vanil <END>
INPUT: American, meatloaf, beef, pork, hot paprika, kosher salt, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tarragon Meatloaf | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound ground beef; 3/4 pound ground pork; 1 teaspoon hot paprika; 2 teaspoons kosher salt; 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 3 small yellow onions, peeled and minced (should equal roughly 1 cup); 2 cloves garlic, peeled and minced; 1 cup bread crumbs; 2/3 cup ketchup; 1 cup sour cream; 1 small bunch flat-leaf parsley, stemmed, washed, dried and chopped, 1/4 cup total; 1 small bunch tarragon, stemmed, washed, dried and chopped, 1/4 cup total; 3 eggs, lightly beaten; 1 teaspoon vegetable oil; Additional ketchup for brushing, if desired | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. In a large bowl, mix the beef and pork and gently knead them together with your hands. Add the paprika, salt and pepper. Add the rest of the ingredients. Mix to blend. The taste test: Heat a small saucepan and add the vegetable oil. When the oil begins to smoke, lower the heat and add a small piece of the mixture. Cook 1 to 2 minutes on each side. Remove from the pan and taste. Check seasoning. If too moist, add more bread crumbs. If too dry, add an extra egg. Mold the meat into a loaf and place it in the center of a baking shee <END>
INPUT: salad, lump crabmeat, Greek yogurt, cucumber, scallions, dill
OUTPUT: TITLE: Crab Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound lump crabmeat; 1/2 cup Greek yogurt; 1 cucumber, small diced; 2 scallions, diced; 2 tablespoons freshly chopped dill; 2 tablespoons freshly chopped mint leaves; 1 orange, zested; 4 tablespoons olive oil; 1 clove minced garlic; 1 teaspoon kosher salt; 1 package pita bread (recommended: Aladdin) | INSTRUCTIONS: Gently mix all ingredients in a large bowl. When prepping the crab salad, make sure you keep all ingredients cold and on ice. Heat grill. Grill the pitas for about 45 seconds per side. Serve the crab salad on the pitas. <END>
INPUT: American, pudding, vegetable oil, olive oil, assorted mushrooms, onion, porcini mushrooms
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mushroom and Gruyère Bread Pudding | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: Nonstick vegetable oil spray; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1 pound assorted fresh mushrooms (such as crimini, button, and stemmed shiitake), thinly sliced; 1 cup chopped onion; 1/2 cup dried porcini mushrooms,* broken into pieces; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh tarragon; 2 garlic cloves, minced; 1/4 cup Madeira; 2 cups whole milk; 4 large eggs; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/2 teaspoon ground black pepper; 12 slices white bread, crusts trimmed; 3/4 cup grated Gruyère cheese; 3/4 cup freshly grated Parmesan cheese | INSTRUCTIONS: Spray 13x9x2-inch glass baking dish with nonstick spray. Heat oil in large nonstick skillet over medium-high heat. Add fresh mushrooms and onion; sauté 3 minutes. Add dried porcini; sauté until mushrooms are brown, about 8 minutes. Mix in tarragon and garlic; season with salt and pepper. Transfer to medium bowl. Add Madeira to same skillet; boil until reduced by half, stirring, about 1 minute. Whisk milk and eggs in large bowl to blend. Whisk in Madeira, 1/2 teaspoon salt, and 1/2 teaspoon pepper. Arrange 6 bread slices over bottom of prepared dish. Top with mushroom mixture, half of Gruyère,  <END>
INPUT: gravy, self rising flour, pepper, garlic salt, salt, chicken
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fried Chicken and Gravy | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound self-rising flour; 1 tablespoon pepper; 1 tablespoon garlic salt; 1 tablespoon salt; 5 pieces bone-in chicken; Vegetable oil, for frying; 1 small yellow onion, chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: Place the flour, pepper, garlic salt and salt in a large plastic resealable bag, and shake to mix. Set aside 5 tablespoons of the flour mixture for later use. Add the chicken to the resealable bag and shake until evenly coated. Fill a cast-iron frying pan halfway with vegetable oil and heat over medium heat until a deep-frying thermometer inserted into the oil reaches 350 degrees F. Add the chicken and fry until both sides are fully browned and reach an internal temperature of 165 degrees F, about 7 minutes for the white meat and 14 minutes for the dark meat. Drain the fried chicken on a paper <END>
INPUT: fennel bulb bulbs, butter, garlic, thyme, Salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Braised Fennel | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 large fennel bulb or 2 small bulbs; 2 tablespoons butter; 1 small clove garlic, whole; 1/2 teaspoon thyme; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1/4 cup dry white wine, optional; Water and/or chicken stock, to cover | INSTRUCTIONS: Trim stalks flush with fennel bulb and cut each bulb lengthwise into quarters, or halves, if using small bulbs. In a heavy saucepan large enough to hold the fennel flat in one layer, melt 1 tablespoon butter over moderate heat. Add fennel garlic, thyme, and toss to coat with butter. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Add wine, if using, and chicken stock. Bring mixture to a boil, reduce heat to a simmer and cover. Braise for 15 to 20 minutes, or until vegetables are tender. Stir in remaining tablespoon butter and salt and pepper, to taste. <END>
INPUT: dark, cups, good quality chocolate, bittersweet semisweet chocolate, whipping cream, sugar, mascarpone cheese
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mascarpone and Dark Chocolate Cream in White Chocolate Cups | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 8 ounces good-quality white chocolate, chopped; 4 ounces bittersweet or semisweet chocolate, chopped; 1 cup whipping cream; 3 tablespoons sugar; 8 ounces mascarpone cheese; 1 teaspoon grated orange peel; 1/4 teaspoon vanilla extract; White chocolate curls, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Line 8 muffin cups with paper liners. Melt the white chocolate in top of double boiler over simmering water, stirring until smooth. Spoon 1 tablespoon melted chocolate into each paper liner. Using a pastry brush, coat the chocolate evenly over the bottom and up the sides of the liners. Freeze until the chocolate is firm, about 30 minutes. Remelt the white chocolate in the bowl. Spoon 1 tablespoon into each cup and brush over the bottom and up the sides, forming a second coat. Freeze until completely set, about 1 hour. Melt the bittersweet chocolate in top of a cl <END>
INPUT: salad, vegetable oil, Brussels sprouts, frisee, julienned Pickled Onions, parsley leaves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fried Brussels Sprout Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup vegetable oil; 1 1/2 cups Brussels sprouts; 3/4 cup frisee; 1 tablespoon julienned Pickled Red Onions, recipe follows; 1 tablespoon fresh parsley leaves; 1 radish, thinly sliced; 2 tablespoons fresh cranberries, soaked in red wine; 2 tablespoons crumbled pork rind; 2 tablespoons Tamarind Vinaigrette, recipe follows; 1 tablespoon fresh cilantro leaves; 1/2 teaspoon chile seasoning powder, such as Tajin; 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt; Pinch fresh ground pepper; 1 tablespoon finely grated manchego cheese; 1/2 cup red wine vinegar | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Using a saute pan, preheat the vegetable oil over medium heat. Trim the ends of the Brussels sprouts and split in half from top to bottom. When the oil just begins to smoke, carefully add the halved Brussels sprouts to the pan. Saute until they are slightly crispy and brown, 2 to 3 minutes. Remove the Brussels sprouts from the pan and let them drain for about 3 minutes on a dry paper towel. In a mixing bowl, place the fried sprouts, frisee, Pickled Red Onion, parsley leaves and radishes and toss. Add the cranberries, crumbled pork rind and Tamarind Vinaigrette. T <END>
INPUT: caramel, sugar, water, butter, Popped Corn, pecans
OUTPUT: TITLE: Caramel Corn | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups sugar; 2/3 cup water; 1 tablespoon butter; 4 cups Popped Corn, recipe follows; 1/2 cup toasted pecans; 1/2 cup toasted cashews | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Place sugar in a saucepan. Pour water around the sides of the pan. Make an X with your finger across the sugar. Cook over medium-high heat, swirling the pan, until the mixture turns a caramel color. Remove from the heat, add the butter carefully as it will bubble up, add popped corn, and toasted nuts. Pour onto a silicone baking mat or foil lined cookie sheet. Break into clusters while still warm. To make popcorn on the stove: put 2 to 3 tablespoons oil in a large pot with high sides, and add 1 kernel of corn. Heat oil over medium-high heat until the kernel pops. <END>
INPUT: Indian, thoren, spinach, unsweetened coconut, cumin, cayenne, turmeric
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spinach Thoren | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 2 pounds fresh spinach or 2 (10-ounce) packages frozen, chopped spinach, thawed; 3/4 cup grated unsweetened coconut; 1 teaspoon ground cumin; 1/8 teaspoon cayenne; 1/4 teaspoon turmeric; 1 teaspoon coarse salt; 1 fresh green chile (serrano or Thai), split lengthwise; 2 tablespoons vegetable oil; 1 teaspoon brown mustard seeds; 2 dried red chiles; 10 to 12 fresh curry leaves (optional); 1 cup finely chopped shallots or onion | INSTRUCTIONS: Wash and dry fresh spinach, and chop finely, or drain the thawed spinach. Set aside. In a small bowl, combine coconut, cumin, cayenne, turmeric, salt, and green chile with enough water (about 1/4 cup) to make a thick paste. Set aside. In a wok or large skillet, heat the oil over medium-high heat. Add the mustard seeds and when they begin to pop, toss in the dried chiles, curry leaves, and shallots and fry for 2 minutes or until the shallots begin to soften but not brown. Add the spinach and cook, stirring constantly until spinach is half cooked, about 5 minutes. Stir in the coconut paste and c <END>
INPUT: Italian, salad, vinaigrette, torn basil leaves, virgin olive oil, good quality sherry, honey, Dijon mustard
OUTPUT: TITLE: Peach Salad with Tomatoes, Feta and Basil Vinaigrette | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup torn fresh basil leaves; 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 1/4 cup good-quality sherry vinegar; 1 tablespoon honey; 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard; 1 small shallot, roughly chopped; Kosher salt and cracked black pepper; 1 1/2 pounds heirloom tomatoes, roughly chopped; 4 to 5 ripe peaches, sliced into wedges; 1/2 cup crumbled feta cheese, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: For the dressing: Combine the basil, olive oil, vinegar, honey, Dijon and shallots in a blender until the dressing emulsifies and the basil is pureed. Season with salt and pepper. Combine the tomatoes and peaches in a bowl and toss to coat with the dressing. Top with the feta cheese. Serve at room temperature. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, spice, crusted, plain yogurt, cilantro, lime juice, olive oil, ginger
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spice-Crusted Salmon with Ginger-Cilantro Yogurt Sauce | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup plain yogurt; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro; 3 teaspoons fresh lime juice, divided; 3 teaspoons olive oil, divided; 1 teaspoon minced peeled fresh ginger; 1 garlic clove, pressed; 1 teaspoon fennel seeds; 1 teaspoon coriander seeds; 4 6-ounce salmon fillets with skin; Lime wedges | INSTRUCTIONS: Mix yogurt, cilantro, 1 teaspoon lime juice, 1 teaspoon oil, ginger, and garlic in small bowl. Season with salt and pepper. Place fennel seeds and coriander seeds in heavyduty plastic bag. Using mallet, crush seeds. Sprinkle fillets with salt, pepper, and seeds. Heat 2 teaspoons oil in large nonstick skillet over medium-high heat. Add fillets, seed side down. Cook until brown, about 3 minutes. Turn over. Cook until just opaque in center, about 3 minutes. Drizzle with 2 teaspoons lime juice. Place fillets on plates. Top with sauce; serve with lime wedges. Mix yogurt, cilantro, 1 teaspoon lime j <END>
INPUT: martini, Jose Cuervo Especial, Jose Cuervo Lime, pomegranate juice, piece lime wheel, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cuervo Especial Pomegranate Margarita Martini | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1.5 oz. Jose Cuervo Especial; 3 oz. Jose Cuervo Lime Margarita Mix; 2 oz. pomegranate juice; 1 piece lime wheel; 1 tbsp. salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine Jose Cuervo Especial, Jose Cuervo Lime Margarita Mix and pomegranate juice into cocktail shaker half full with ice. Shake well and strain into a chilled martini glass (rim glass with salt optional). Garnish with lime or lemon wheel. <END>
INPUT: cake, roulade, butter, shallot, bell pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Halibut Crab Cake Roulade with a Lemon Cream Sauce, Green Beans and Truffle Roasted Potatoes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons butter; 1 small shallot, minced; 1/2 green bell pepper, minced; 1/2 red bell pepper, minced; 1/2 yellow bell pepper, minced; 1 tomato, seeds removed, minced; 1 cup panko breadcrumbs; 1 pound lump crab; 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard; 1 tablespoon paprika; Four 4-ounce cuts halibut steak; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 1/2 cups heavy cream; 3 egg yolks; 15 ounces melted butter | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. For the halibut crab cake roulade: In a skillet, heat the butter over medium heat. Saute the shallots until soft. Add the bell peppers and let soften a little. Toss with the tomatoes and cook for a few minutes. Mix in the panko, crab, Dijon and paprika. Sprinkle the halibut with salt and pepper. Top with the crab cake mix. Roll and secure with toothpicks. Place on a parchment-lined baking sheet. Bake for 7 minutes. For the sauce: Simmer the heavy cream until reduced by half, mixing frequently so it doesn't scald. In a blender, blend the yolks on low. Slowly a <END>
INPUT: French, fire, county, unsalted butter, tarragon leaves, hot sauce, kosher salt, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fire Roasted Low-County Oysters with Tarragon and Red Hot Sauce Butter | CUISINE: French | INGREDIENTS: 1 stick unsalted butter, slightly softened; 1 1/2 tablespoons chopped fresh tarragon leaves; 1 heaping tablespoon hot sauce, or more if you like your food really spicy (recommended: Frank's); 1/4 teaspoon kosher salt; 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 18 oysters, shucked carefully over a bowl, catching the oyster liquor and putting back into the shell with the oyster; Hot sauce (recommended: Frank's Red Hot); Tarragon leaves, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Butter: Combine all the ingredients in a food processor and process until smooth, or add them to a bowl and stir to combine. Cover and refrigerate for 30 minutes. Oysters: Heat a grill to high. Put the oysters in a single layer on the grates of the grill and cook until the liquor begins to simmer. Immediately top each oyster with a heaping teaspoon of the tarragon butter and a few extra dashes of hot sauce, if desired. Garnish with tarragon leaves and serve. <END>
INPUT: Asian, szechuan, tamari soy sauce, Asian sesame oil, vegetable oil, ginger, extrafirm tofu
OUTPUT: TITLE: Baked Tofu Szechuan Style | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons tamari soy sauce; 1 tablespoon Asian sesame oil; 1 tablespoon vegetable oil; 1/2 teaspoon minced fresh ginger; 1 pound extrafirm tofu, cut into 3/4inch cubes and patted very dry; 1/2 teaspoon chili paste with garlic*; 1 tablespoon naturalstyle peanut butter or tahini; 2 tablespoons dry sherry, rice wine, or vermouth | INSTRUCTIONS: In a medium size bowl combine the marinade ingredients. Gently stir in the tofu and coat well. Let marinate for 30 minutes, or up to 8 hours. Cover and chill if longer than 30 minutes. Preheat the oven to 450 degrees. Pour the tofu and its marinade into a shallow baking dish in one layer. Bake for 15 minutes, tossing once with a spatula. Combine the sauce ingredients and pour over the tofu. Toss to coat evenly. Return to the oven and bake 10 more minutes, or until golden brown. Let sit 10 minutes before serving; it should be served warm, not piping hot. * Chili paste with garlic can be purchas <END>
INPUT: pretzels, mayonnaise, grain mustard, Dijon mustard, hot sauce, chives
OUTPUT: TITLE: Hot Dog Stuffed Pretzels | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup mayonnaise; 2 tablespoons whole grain mustard; 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard; 1 tablespoon hot sauce; 3 tablespoons chopped fresh chives; 3 tablespoons chopped cilantro; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; Nonstick spray; 1 ball pizza dough; 12 good quality hot dogs; 1/2 cup baking soda; 4 cups hot water; 3 tablespoons butter, melted; Sea salt, for garnish; Smoked salt, if desired | INSTRUCTIONS: For the sauce: In a small bowl, add all ingredients and stir well to combine. Season with salt and pepper and refrigerate until ready to serve. For the hot dogs: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F. Spray a baking sheet with nonstick spray. Divide the dough into 12 equal pieces and roll each into a long rope about 8 inches long. Wrap each hot dog with 1 ropes, starting at the bottom and twisting it around the hot dog until you get to the top. If there is left over dough, fold it under the hot dog. Dissolve the baking soda into the hot water. Lay each dog on the prepared baking sheet and brush ea <END>
INPUT: American, cheese, virgin olive oil, chicken breast tenders, Salt pepper, onion, macaroni elbows cavatapi
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mac and Cheddar Cheese with Chicken and Broccoli | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, 2 turns of the pan; 1 pound chicken breast tenders, chopped; Salt and pepper; 1 small onion, chopped; 1 pound macaroni elbows or cavatapi corkscrew shaped pasta twists; 2 1/2 cups raw broccoli florets, available packaged in produce department; 3 tablespoons butter; 3 tablespoons all-purpose flour; 1/2 teaspoon cayenne pepper; 1 teaspoon paprika; 3 cups whole milk; 1 cup chicken stock; 3 cups yellow sharp Cheddar; 1 tablespoon prepared Dijon mustard | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Place a pot of water on to boil for macaroni. Heat a medium pan over medium to medium high heat. Add extra-virgin olive oil and chicken and season with salt and pepper. Saute a couple of minutes then add onion and cook another 5 to 7 minutes until onions are tender and chicken is cooked through. Turn off heat and reserve. To boiling pasta water, add pasta and salt to season the cooking water. Cook 5 minutes, then add broccoli and cook 3 minutes more or until pasta is cooked to al dente and florets are just tender. While pasta cooks, heat a medium sauce pot over m <END>
INPUT: Indian, truffles, bittersweet chocolate truffle, mild curry powder, mango puree, mango powder unsweetened, tart powder available
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mango Curry Truffles | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: bittersweet chocolate truffle base; 1 teaspoon mild curry powder; 1/2 cup mango puree (from 1 mango); mango powder* or toasted finely shredded unsweetened coconut; *A tart powder available at Indian markets and at savoryspiceshop.com | INSTRUCTIONS: Follow recipe for bittersweet chocolate truffle base , stirring curry powder into hot cream (off heat); let stand 2 minutes. Stir in room–temperature mango puree (from 1 mango, pureed until smooth in processor). Mix in melted chocolate; chill. Form truffles. Drop each freshly coated truffle (or just–formed, uncoated truffle) into bowl of mango powder or toasted coconut; turn to coat. Follow recipe for bittersweet chocolate truffle base , stirring curry powder into hot cream (off heat); let stand 2 minutes. Stir in room–temperature mango puree (from 1 mango, pureed until smooth in processor). M <END>
INPUT: taco seasoning, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spicy Fries | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons taco seasoning; 1 teaspoon salt; 1 (26-ounce) bag frozen crispy French fries | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 450 degrees F. Combine taco seasoning and salt; set aside. On baking sheets make a single layer of French fries. Bake until golden brown, about 12 minutes and season with the spicy salt mixture. Serve with chili dogs. Optional: When serving alongside chili dogs, scoop a spoonful of chili and a sprinkle of cheese on the fries for a delicious treat. <END>
INPUT: liqueur, water, sugar, coffee granules, vodka, vanilla beans
OUTPUT: TITLE: Homemade Coffee Liqueur | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups water; 3 cups sugar; 3/4 cup instant coffee granules; 2 cups vodka; 1 or 2 vanilla beans, split lengthwise | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring 2 cups water to boil in heavy medium saucepan. Add sugar and coffee. Reduce heat to very low. Stir just until sugar and coffee dissolve. Remove from heat. Let stand until cool, about 1 hour. Mix vodka into coffee syrup. Pour into large jar. Scrape in seeds from vanilla bean halves. Add bean halves to jar. Stir to blend. Cover; let stand at room temperature at least 3 weeks and up to 6 weeks. Discard vanilla bean halves before serving. Bring 2 cups water to boil in heavy medium saucepan. Add sugar and coffee. Reduce heat to very low. Stir just until sugar and coffee dissolve. Remove from  <END>
INPUT: Italian, scampi, butter, olive oil, garlic, onion, shrimp
OUTPUT: TITLE: Shrimp Scampi | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons butter; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 4 cloves garlic, minced or pressed; 1/2 medium onion, finely diced; 1 pound peeled and deveined large shrimp (16/20 count); 2 lemons, halved; 1/2 cup white wine; 4 dashes hot sauce (I used tabasco), or more to taste; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 8 ounces angel hair pasta; 1/2 cup grated Parmesan; Minced fresh parsley, for topping | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Boil water for the pasta and have it ready. Melt the butter and heat the olive oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Add the garlic and onions and cook until the onions are translucent, 2 to 3 minutes. Add the shrimp, then stir and cook for a couple of minutes. Squeeze in the lemon juice. Add the wine, hot sauce, salt and pepper. Stir and reduce the heat to low. Throw the angel hair pasta into the boiling water. Cook until just al dente. Drain, reserving a cup or 2 of the pasta water. Remove the skillet from the heat. Add the pasta and toss, adding a splash of <END>
INPUT: American, bars, chocolate wafer cookies, Fisher® Chef's Naturals, butter, chocolate, cream cheese
OUTPUT: TITLE: White Chocolate Pecan Raspberry Bars | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 20 chocolate wafer cookies, finely crushed; 1 cup Fisher® Chef's Naturals Pecan Chips, chopped; 3 tablespoons butter, melted; 8 ounces white chocolate, finely chopped; 1 pound cream cheese; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; 2 large eggs, beaten; 1/2 cup raspberry preserves; 2/3 cup plus 1/4 cup granulated sugar, separated | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. Preheat an oven to 350 degrees F. 2. In a bowl, combine the ground cookies and 1/2 cup of the pecans and melted butter. Using a spoon, mix well. 3. Press the mixture into an 8" square pan sprayed lightly with vegetable spray, then press the cookie mixture firmly into the bottom of the pan. 4. Fill a pot with 1-2 cups of water and bring to a simmer. Place white chocolate chips in a double boiler or a microwave safe bowl (the water should not touch the bottom of the bowl). Stir the chocolate constantly while the chocolate melts and remove from stove once completely melted. 5. Using a whisk be <END>
INPUT: roll, eggs, caster sugar, flour, powdered hazelnuts, heavy cream
OUTPUT: TITLE: Hazelnut Roll | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 eggs; 1/3 cup/65 g caster sugar (superfine); 2 tablespoons flour; 1/2 cup/50 g powdered hazelnuts; 2/3 cup/150 ml heavy cream; Drop vanilla extract; Pinch ground cinnamon; Cocoa power, for dusting; Icing sugar (confectioners' sugar), for dusting | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat the oven to 400 degrees F. Line an 8-inch by 12-inch/20 cm by 30 cm sided baking sheet with parchment which you've buttered on both sides. Put the eggs and sugar in a glass or metal bowl, set it over a pot with an inch/2.5 cm of simmering water in the bottom (do not let the bowl touch the water) and beat until tripled in volume and very thick and ribbony, like cake batter. This will take about 10 minutes. Remove from the heat. Sift the flour and nuts over the batter and gently fold together. Pour the batter into the pan so that it is evenly distributed. Bake until slightly golden on top,  <END>
INPUT: Mexican, chilled, soup, sour cream, cilantro, garlic, shrimp, lemon juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chilled Zucchini Soup with Lemon-Cumin Shrimp and Cilantro Cream | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup sour cream; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro; 1 small garlic clove, pressed; 1 pound peeled cooked medium shrimp; 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1 teaspoon cumin seeds; 1 teaspoon finely grated lemon peel; 1 tablespoon olive oil; 1 medium onion, sliced (about 2 cups); 2 garlic cloves, sliced; 6 medium zucchini (about 1 3/4 pounds), cut into 1/4-inch-thick rounds; 4 cups low-salt chicken broth; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro plus sprigs for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: For cilantro cream: Whisk sour cream, cilantro, and garlic in small bowl to blend. Season with salt and pepper. DO AHEAD: Can be made 1 day ahead. Cover and chill. Whisk sour cream, cilantro, and garlic in small bowl to blend. Season with salt and pepper. DO AHEAD: Can be made 1 day ahead. Cover and chill. For shrimp: Combine all ingredients in medium bowl. Cover and chill at least 4 hours or overnight. DO AHEAD: Can be made 1 day ahead. Keep chilled. Combine all ingredients in medium bowl. Cover and chill at least 4 hours or overnight. DO AHEAD: Can be made 1 day ahead. Keep chilled. For soup <END>
INPUT: American, cheese, cream cheese, sweet butter, Port, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Blue Cheese Dip | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound blue cheese; 4 ounces cream cheese; 8 tablespoons softened sweet butter; 1/4 cup Port; Fresh black pepper; 2 cups chopped toasted walnuts | INSTRUCTIONS: In a food processor combine and process until smooth the blue cheese, cream cheese, butter and Port. Adjust seasoning and texture with more or less butter or Port. Season with pepper. Transfer to the refrigerator (you can do 2 weeks before serving). 1 hour before serving, bring mixture to room temperature, fold in the nuts and transfer to smaller ramekins. Serve with crackers, celery, fennel or jicama <END>
INPUT: recipe, hash, canola oil, onion, bell pepper, pepper flakes, Kosher salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Round 2 Recipe - Pork Hash | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon canola oil; 1 medium onion, chopped; 1 green bell pepper, chopped; 1/2 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 tablespoon chopped garlic; Reserved potatoes, from Mixed Roasted Potatoes, chopped; Reserved pork, from Roast Bone-in Pork Loin, chopped; Reserved herb butter, from Mixed Roasted Potatoes; 4 eggs, poached, for serving | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat a cast iron skillet over medium-high heat with the oil. Add the onions and peppers and cook until the vegetables are softened, 6 to 8 minutes. Next, add the pepper flakes, salt and pepper, to taste, and the garlic and cook for 30 seconds. Add the potatoes and pork and cook for 5 minutes to heat them through. Add the reserved herb butter and cook until the hash is hot and crispy, about another 5 minutes. Serve with poached eggs. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, winter, salad, serrano chile, olive oil, caraway, cumin
OUTPUT: TITLE: Winter Salad With Brussels Sprouts and Citrus | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 serrano chile, seeds removed, chopped; 1 cup (packed) cilantro leaves with tender stems; 1/2 cup olive oil; 1/2 teaspoon ground caraway; 1/2 teaspoon ground cumin; Kosher salt, freshly ground pepper; 1 pound brussels sprouts; 1 tablespoon olive oil; 6 small citrus (such as navel or blood oranges or tangelos); 3 tablespoons Champagne vinegar; 2 teaspoons poppy seeds; Kosher salt; 1 cup fromage blanc or plain whole-milk Greek yogurt; 1 teaspoon nigella seeds (optional) | INSTRUCTIONS: Green Harissa: Purée chile, cilantro, oil, caraway, and cumin in a blender until smooth; season with salt and pepper. Purée chile, cilantro, oil, caraway, and cumin in a blender until smooth; season with salt and pepper. Salad and assembly: Trim brussels sprouts; halve lengthwise. Pluck off outer green leaves and place in a large bowl. Very thinly slice half of brussels and add to bowl with leaves. Heat oil in a medium skillet over medium-high. Cook remaining brussels, tossing occasionally, until crisp-tender, about 5 minutes. Transfer to bowl. Trim ends from citrus; cut off peel and white pit <END>
INPUT: American, chicken, spicy hickory flavored, cheese pizza crust, onion, bell pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken and Bell Pepper Pizza with Barbecue Sauce | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cups shredded cooked chicken; 3/4 cup spicy or hickory-flavored barbecue sauce; 1 16-ounce baked cheese pizza crust (such as Boboli); 1/2 medium onion, sliced; 1/4 green bell pepper, sliced; 1/4 red bell pepper, sliced; 1/3 cup thinly sliced drained oil-packed sun-dried tomatoes; 1/4 cup pine nuts; 2 teaspoons dried oregano crumbled; 1 1/2 cups packed shredded mozzarella cheese (about 6 ounces) | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 450°F. Combine chicken and barbecue sauce in small bowl. Let mixture stand 15 minutes. (Can be prepared 2 hours ahead. Cover mixture and refrigerate.) Place pizza crust on baking sheet. Spread chicken mixture over. Arrange onion, bell peppers, sun-dried tomatoes and pine nuts over. Sprinkle with oregano. Season lightly with salt and pepper. Spread cheese evenly over. Bake pizza until crust is crisp and cheese bubbles, about 17 minutes. Preheat oven to 450°F. Combine chicken and barbecue sauce in small bowl. Let mixture stand 15 minutes. (Can be prepared 2 hours ahead. Cover mix <END>
INPUT: Indian, deviled, hard boiled eggs, mayonnaise, onion, jalapeño chile, mango chutney
OUTPUT: TITLE: Garam Masala Deviled Eggs | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 6 hard-boiled eggs; 3 1/2 tablespoons mayonnaise; 3 tablespoons minced green onion; 1 tablespoon minced seeded jalapeño chile; 1 1/2 teaspoons minced mango chutney; 1/2 teaspoon (scant) garam masala; Finely chopped radishes | INSTRUCTIONS: Shell eggs, then cut in half lengthwise. Transfer yolks to small bowl and mash with fork. Mix in mayonnaise. Stir in onion, jalapeño, chutney, and garam masala. Season with salt and pepper. Spoon yolk mixture into whites. Top generously with chopped radishes . (Can be made 4 hours ahead. Cover loosely and refrigerate.) Shell eggs, then cut in half lengthwise. Transfer yolks to small bowl and mash with fork. Mix in mayonnaise. Stir in onion, jalapeño, chutney, and garam masala. Season with salt and pepper. Spoon yolk mixture into whites. Top generously with chopped radishes . (Can be made 4 hou <END>
INPUT: salad, fig, olive oil, coriander, baby beets, golden baby beets
OUTPUT: TITLE: Baby-Frisée Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/3 cup fig (or strawberry) jam; 1 tbsp olive oil; 1/4 tsp ground coriander; 4 red baby beets, peeled and diced; 4 golden baby beets, peeled and diced; 1/2 cup coarsely chopped pecans; 1 1/2 lb baby frisée; 4 tbsp finely crumbled goat cheese; 5 tbsp sherry vinegar; 1 shallot, finely diced; 1 tbsp mustard seeds; 1 tbsp dry mustard; 1 tbsp honey; 3 tbsp olive oil | INSTRUCTIONS: For salad: Heat oven to 375°. In a bowl, mix jam, oil and coriander. Add beets; toss to coat. Layer in a medium casserole dish. Cover with foil; roast 40 minutes. In a small sauté pan, toast pecans over medium-low heat until brown (a few minutes). Combine lettuce, beets and pecans in a bowl. Heat oven to 375°. In a bowl, mix jam, oil and coriander. Add beets; toss to coat. Layer in a medium casserole dish. Cover with foil; roast 40 minutes. In a small sauté pan, toast pecans over medium-low heat until brown (a few minutes). Combine lettuce, beets and pecans in a bowl. For vinaigrette: In a bow <END>
INPUT: American, hoecakes, chicken thighs, Olive oil, Sugar Coffee Barbecue, cornmeal, all purpose flour
OUTPUT: TITLE: Barbecue Chicken Hoecakes with Vinegar Slaw | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 pounds skinless boneless chicken thighs; Olive oil; Brown Sugar and Coffee Barbecue Sauce; 1 cup yellow cornmeal; 1/2 cup all purpose flour; 2 teaspoons sugar; 1 teaspoon baking powder; 3/4 teaspoon salt; 1 cup water; 2 tablespoons (1/4 stick) butter, melted, plus additional for griddle; 3/4 cup coarsely grated sharp cheddar cheese; Vinegar Slaw; Special equipment: 2 cups wood chips (such as hickory, apple, or cherry), soaked in 2 cups water for 1 hour, then drained; 13x9x1-inch disposable alum | INSTRUCTIONS: For chicken: Prepare barbecue (medium-high heat). Spread drained wood chips in disposable foil pan. Remove grill racks from barbecue. Place foil pan with wood chips directly atop hot coals (for charcoal barbecue) or over flames (for gas barbecue). Return grill rack to barbecue. Brush chicken with oil; sprinkle with salt and pepper. When wood chips begin to smoke, place chicken on grill rack above pan with wood chips. Cover grill and smoke chicken until cooked through, turning occasionally, about 18 minutes. Transfer to large bowl and cool slightly. Shred chicken into bite-size strips; place in <END>
INPUT: milk water, coarse sea salt, celery root, Yukon Gold potatoes, unsalted butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Celery Duo | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 cups whole milk and 4 cups water; 2 tablespoons coarse sea salt; 2 pounds celery root, peeled and cut into 8 pieces; 1 pound Yukon Gold potatoes, peeled and cut in half; 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened; Salt and freshly ground white pepper; 2 bunches celery; 1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil; 1 carrot and 1 turnip, peeled, trimmed and quartered; Salt and freshly ground white pepper; 2 1/2 cups unsalted chicken broth | INSTRUCTIONS: For Celery Root Puree: 1. Place the milk, water, salt, celery root, and potatoes in a saucepan; bring to a boil. Lower the heat; simmer until the vegetables are very tender, 20 to 25 minutes; drain and return them to the pan. **2.**Place the pan over low heat to cook off excess moisture; transfer the vegetables to a food processor. Add the butter, then puree until just smooth and creamy. Season with salt and pepper. Keep warm. 1. Place the milk, water, salt, celery root, and potatoes in a saucepan; bring to a boil. Lower the heat; simmer until the vegetables are very tender, 20 to 25 minutes;  <END>
INPUT: vegetable, vine ripened plum, Kosher salt, virgin olive oil, onion, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Vegetable Paella | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 8 vine-ripened plum tomatoes; Kosher salt; 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil, plus more for drizzling; 1 small onion, finely chopped; 3 cloves garlic, finely chopped; 1 1/2 teaspoons paprika; 1/4 teaspoon cayenne pepper; 1 teaspoon saffron threads; 1 large bulb fennel, cut into 8 wedges; 8 baby artichokes, trimmed and halved (see Cook's Note); 1 large Japanese eggplant, cut into 2-inch pieces; 4 ounces shiitake mushrooms, stemmed; 2 cups dry white wine; 2 1/2 cups short-grain paella rice; 4 ounces haricots verts or string beans, halved if large | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees. Core the tomatoes, cut into wedges and place in a medium bowl; season with salt, drizzle with a bit of olive oil and toss. Set aside. Heat 1/4 cup olive oil in a 12-inch ovenproof skillet or a paella pan over medium-high heat. Add the onion, garlic, paprika, cayenne and saffron and season with salt. Cook, stirring occasionally, until the onion softens, about 5 minutes. Add the fennel wedges and cook until lightly browned on one side, about 5 minutes. Flip the fennel and add the baby artichokes and eggplant to the skillet; cook until slightly tender, about 4 mor <END>
INPUT: Asian, salad, pistachios, apricots, coriander, scallions
OUTPUT: TITLE: Orzo Salad with Fresh Apricots, Pistachios and Ginger Oil | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 8 ounces (a scant 1 1/3 cups) orzo; 1 cup fresh apricots (about 4), peeled and diced or 4 ounces dried apricots, julienned; 1 teaspoon chopped fresh coriander; 1/4 teaspoon ground coriander; 1/3 cup thinly sliced scallions; 1/3 cup sliced toasted almonds; 4 tablespoons ginger oil; squeeze of half lemon; salt and freshly ground pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring a medium-size pot of salted water to a boil over high heat. Add orzo and cook about 10 minutes or until al dente. Drain immediately and rinse with cold water. Place the orzo in a bowl and combine with the fresh apricots, fresh and ground coriander, scallions and almonds. Toss with 4 to 5 tablespoons of the ginger oil, until the pasta is just moist. Season with salt and pepper. Squeeze the fresh lemon juice on the salad and mix. <END>
INPUT: sanguinea, grapefruit juice, pomegranate juice, Campari, Grapefruit twist
OUTPUT: TITLE: Campari Sanguinea | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 ounces grapefruit juice (preferably fresh-squeezed); 2 ounces pomegranate juice; 1 ounce Campari; Grapefruit twist, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Fill a cocktail shaker with ice, add the grapefruit juice, pomegranate juice and Campari and shake well. Strain into a chilled cocktail glass and garnish with a grapefruit twist. <END>
INPUT: American, pizzette, pizza dough, Olive oil, pine nuts, goat cheese
OUTPUT: TITLE: Red Pepper and Goat Cheese Pizzette | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound store-bought pizza dough; Olive oil, for brushing dough; 1/2 cup finely chopped, drained jarred roasted red or yellow peppers; 3 tablespoons pine nuts; 3 ounces goat cheese | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Heat the oven to 425 degrees and arrange a rack in the middle. Roll out pizza dough into a 1/4-inch-thick rectangle. Using a pastry brush, lightly oil the dough, and, using a 3-inch biscuit cutter, stamp out 22 to 24 rounds. Transfer rounds to a greased baking sheet. Evenly scatter peppers, pine nuts, and goat cheese between pizzas. Bake until cheese is melted and underside is brown, about 12 to 15 minutes. <END>
INPUT: American, sandwich, cream cheese, heavy cream, dill, lemon zest, kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Smoked Salmon Tea Sandwich | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 8 ounces cream cheese, softened to room temperature; 2 tablespoons heavy cream; 1/4 cup chopped fresh dill; 1/2 teaspoon finely grated lemon zest; 1 teaspoon kosher salt; 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 24 slices mini pumpernickel bread; 6 slices ( about 4 ounces) smoked salmon, halved | INSTRUCTIONS: Put the cream cheese and heavy cream in a small mixing bowl and blend with a rubber spatula until smooth. Fold in the dill, lemon zest, salt and pepper until evenly combined. Using a butter knife or offset spatula, spread the dill cream cheese on 1 side of each pumpernickel slice. Put a slice of smoked salmon on 12 of the pumpernickel slices. Top each sandwich with remaining bread. Arrange on a serving platter and serve immediately. Copyright 2009, Television Food Network, G.P., All Rights Reserved <END>
INPUT: vinaigrette, bell peppers, olive oil, tomatoes, bottled capers, wine vinegar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Broiled Red Peppers and Tomatoes with Caper Vinaigrette | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 large red bell peppers (1 pound total); 2 tablespoons olive oil; 2 large tomatoes (1 pound total); 2 tablespoons drained bottled capers; 1 tablespoon red-wine vinegar | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat broiler. Cut each bell pepper lengthwise into 8 wide strips. Transfer to a 1 1/2- to 2-quart shallow metal or ceramic gratin dish and toss with oil. Broil peppers 4 to 5 inches from heat, turning occasionally, until tender, about 25 minutes. Meanwhile, cut each tomato into 8 wedges and gently toss with capers, vinegar, 1/2 teaspoon salt, and 1/4 teaspoon pepper. When peppers are tender, add tomato mixture to gratin dish and continue to broil until tomatoes are warmed and slightly softened, about 5 minutes. Serve warm or at room temperature. Preheat broiler. Cut each bell pepper lengthw <END>
INPUT: tabbouleh, quinoa, peas peas, parsley, onion, lemon juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Quinoa, Peas, and Mint Tabbouleh | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup quinoa; 1 cup fresh peas or thawed frozen peas; 1 cup chopped fresh parsley; 1/4 cup diced red onion; 3 tablespoons lemon juice; 3 tablespoons olive oil; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh mint; Pinch ground Aleppo pepper; Kosher salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook the quinoa in 1 cup boiling water in a small saucepan, covered, for 15 to 20 minutes, until all the liquid has been absorbed. Bring a pot of salted water to a boil and cook the peas until tender, about 2 minutes. Drain, submerge in ice water to cool quickly, and mash with a fork. Combine the quinoa and mashed peas with the parsley, onion, lemon juice, oil, mint, Aleppo pepper, and a big pinch of salt in a medium bowl. Toss to combine and serve. Photograph copyright © 2015 by Michael Persico <END>
INPUT: santa, rosa, chicken breast, thyme leaves, cilantro leaves, pimiento peppers, celery leaves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Breast of Chicken Santa Rosa | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 large boneless chicken breast; 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh thyme leaves; 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh cilantro leaves; 2 pimiento peppers, finely chopped; Small bunch celery leaves; 1 small dasheen, boiled*; 2 ounces smoked herring; 1 small red onion, thinly sliced; 1 ripe plantain, boiled and thinly sliced; 1 egg, beaten; 1/2 cup shredded coconut; Vegetable oil, for frying; Tomato Starfruit Sauce, recipe follows; 1 tablespoon vegetable oil; 1 medium tomato, diced | INSTRUCTIONS: Tenderize the chicken breast by pounding flat with a mallet. Sprinkle thyme, cilantro, and pimientos over chicken breast. Arrange celery on top of chicken. In a food processor, combine boiled dasheen and smoked herring until well mixed. Spread mixture over chicken breast. Arrange red onions and plantain slices over top. Roll up chicken breast into a pinwheel shape and secure with toothpicks. Coat with beaten egg and roll in shredded coconut. Heat 2 inches of oil in a large, heavy Dutch oven to 350 degrees F. Fry chicken until golden brown and cooked through. Remove toothpicks before using. Cut <END>
INPUT: American, beets, olive oil, thyme, Kosher salt pepper, log goat cheese
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Beet and Goat Cheese Dip with Chives and Thyme | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 medium beets, leaves trimmed, or 1/2 pound roasted beets from deli or salad bar; 1 tablespoon olive oil; 4 sprigs thyme; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 4-ounce log goat cheese; 1 small bunch chives, finely sliced; 1/2 lemon, juiced; Crostini or bread sticks, for serving | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. If using raw beets, wash them clean of sand and dirt. Set aside to air dry or dry well with a towel or paper towel. If using roasted beets, proceed to food processor step. Toss the beets in a mixing bowl with oil, thyme, a few pinches of salt and about 15 grinds of pepper. Turn the beets out onto a baking sheet and roast until fork tender, shaking the pan occasionally to insure even cooking, about 40 minutes. Remove beets from oven and set aside to cool. (You can do this up to a couple days ahead of time if you store them sealed in  <END>
INPUT: parker, soup, onions, garlic, good olive oil, oregano, kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Parker's Split Pea Soup | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup chopped yellow onions; 2 cloves garlic, minced; 1/8 cup good olive oil; 1/2 teaspoon dried oregano; 1-1/2 teaspoons kosher salt; 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 2 cups medium-diced carrots (3 to 4 carrots); 1 cup medium-diced red boiling potatoes, unpeeled (3 small); 1 pound dried split green peas; 8 cups chicken stock or water | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. In a 4-quart stockpot on medium heat, saute the onions and garlic with the olive oil, oregano, salt, and pepper until the onions are translucent, 10 to 15 minutes. Add the carrots, potatoes, 1/2 pound of split peas, and chicken stock. Bring to a boil, then simmer uncovered for 40 minutes. Skim off the foam while cooking. Add the remaining split peas and continue to simmer for another 40 minutes, or until all the peas are soft. Stir frequently to keep the solids from burning on the bottom. Taste for salt and pepper. Serve hot. <END>
INPUT: American, soup, olive oil, butter, Spanish onion, onion, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Classic Onion Soup with Gruyere | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon olive oil; 1 tablespoon butter; 1 large yellow or Spanish onion, halved and thinly sliced; 1 large red onion, halved and thinly sliced; 1 tablespoon sugar; 1 teaspoon dried thyme; 2 bay leaves; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/4 teaspoon ground black pepper; 1/2 cup port wine; 6 cups reduced-sodium beef broth; 1 (2-inch) piece Parmesan rind; Reserved bread from bread bowls or 4 slices sourdough baguette, about 1-inch thick and lightly toasted; 8 slices Gruyere cheese | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F and preheat broiler. Melt butter and oil together in a large stock pot or Dutch oven over medium-high heat. Add onions and sugar and cook 10 minutes, until onions are tender and golden brown. Add thyme, bay leaves, salt, and black pepper and stir to coat. Cook 1 minute, until fragrant. Add port and simmer until liquid is absorbed. Add broth and Parmesan rind and bring mixture to a boil. Reduce heat to low, partially cover and simmer 20 minutes. Remove bay leaves and Parmesan rind and ladle soup into oven-proof bowls. Place bowls on a baking sheet. Place reserved b <END>
INPUT: Mexican, tequila, Tequilla, lime juice, honey, lemon, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tequila Lime Marinated Shrimp | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup Tequilla; 1/4 cup lime juice; 1 tablespoon honey; 1 lemon, quartered; 1 small onion, quartered; 2 bay leaves; 8 peppercorns; 1 (1-pound) bag frozen salad shrimp; 1/2 cup cilantro, chopped; 1 Jalapeno pepper, chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: In a small saucepan combine tequilla, lime juice and honey. Bring just to a boil to melt honey and evaporate most of the alcohol. Set aside. Bring 2 quarts of water to a boil. Add lemon, onion, bay leaves and peppercorns to boiling water. Simmer for 5 minutes. Add salad shrimp and simmer until shrimp are thawed, about 2 to 3 minutes. Drain shrimp and place in bowl. Add Tequilla mixture, cilantro and jalapeno to shrimp and toss. Chill in refrigerator, covered until ready to use or for a quick chill, place bowl over ice. Serve on platter with endive spears, crackers or alone with toothpicks for  <END>
INPUT: French, coleslaw, mayonnaise, lemon juice, tarragon, cabbage, carrots
OUTPUT: TITLE: Coleslaw with Bay Shrimp and Tarragon | CUISINE: French | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup mayonnaise; 1/4 cup fresh lemon juice; 1/2 teaspoon dried tarragon; 6 cups thinly sliced green cabbage; 1 1/2 cups coarsely grated carrots; 1 cup thinly sliced red onion; 1 pound cooked bay shrimp | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine mayonnaise, lemon juice and tarragon in large bowl; whisk to blend. Mix in cabbage, carrots and onion. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Mix in shrimp. Cover and refrigerate at least 30 minutes and up to 4 hours. Combine mayonnaise, lemon juice and tarragon in large bowl; whisk to blend. Mix in cabbage, carrots and onion. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Mix in shrimp. Cover and refrigerate at least 30 minutes and up to 4 hours. <END>
INPUT: peperoncini, peperconcini, cream cheese, unsalted butter, dill, shallot
OUTPUT: TITLE: Peperoncini Stuffed with Smoked Salmon and Dill Cream | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 35 to 40 peperconcini (pickled Tuscan peppers), drained; 8 ounces cream cheese, softened; 1/2 stick unsalted butter, softened; 1/4 cup minced fresh dill; 3 tablespoons minced shallot; 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice; 6 ounces thinly sliced smoked salmon, chopped fine | INSTRUCTIONS: Trim the stem ends of the peperoncini at an angle and, wearing rubber gloves, discard the seeds and ribs. Let the peperconcini drain on paper towels. In a bowl cream the cream cheese with the butter until the mixture is smooth, add the dill, the shallot, the lemon juice, combine the mixture well. Stir in the salmon and salt and pepper to taste, transfer the mixture to a pastry bag fitted with a 1/2-inch decorative or plain tip, and pipe the smoked salmon and dill cream into the peperconcini. The may be prepared 1 day in advance and kept covered and chilled.; <END>
INPUT: soup, vegetable oil, vegetable broth, cinnamon, Salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Butternut Squash and Cinnamon Soup | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Nonstick vegetable oil cooking spray; 1 (2-pound) butternut squash, halved lengthwise and seeded; 1 1/2 to 2 cups vegetable broth (can be made from bouillon cubes); 2 teaspoons ground cinnamon; Salt and pepper; Cheddar Cheese Coins, recipe follows; Chopped fresh chives or scallions, for garnish, optional; 12 tablespoons shredded sharp Cheddar; 12 tablespoons toasted and ground pistachios | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F. Spray a 13 by 9 by 2-inch glass baking dish with nonstick spray. Place squash, cut side down, in prepared dish. Pierce each squash half several times with a toothpick or skewer. Bake until squash is tender, about 45 minutes. Using a large spoon, scrape squash into the bowl of a food processor, discarding the skin. Add 1 1/2 cups broth and the cinnamon and puree until smooth. Add remaining broth if needed. Transfer puree to a heavy large saucepan. Stir over medium heat until heated through. Season, to taste, with salt and pepper. Ladle soup into bowls and top each <END>
INPUT: sea bass fillets, Sea salt pepper, virgin olive oil, Butter Brussels Sprouts, Triple Mustard Vinaigrette
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sauteed Sea Bass Fillets with Brown Butter Brussel Sprouts and Triple Mustard Vinaigrette | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 sea bass fillets or other firm white fish; Sea salt and freshly ground black pepper; Extra-virgin olive oil, to saute; Brown Butter Brussels Sprouts, recipe follows; Triple Mustard Vinaigrette, recipe follows; 3 tablespoons unsalted butter; 6 large cipollini onions, peeled and cut into 1/6's or 1/8's; 1 pound Brussels sprouts, bases trimmed, outer leaves removed and halved; 2 1/2 cups chicken stock, or as needed; 1 bay leaf; Salt and pepper; 1 teaspoon chopped thyme leaves; 1 tablespoon mustard seed; 1 large shallot, minced; 3 tablespoons Champagne vinegar | INSTRUCTIONS: Set fish on a large plate and sprinkle generously on both sides with salt and pepper. Drizzle olive oil over fish sufficient to cover all surfaces and allow fish to marinade for 5 to 10 minutes. Heat a large skillet (nonstick works well) on high heat. Just as skillet starts to smoke add fish and immediately reduce heat to medium. Cook fillets on 1 side until fish releases easily from pan and is golden brown and slightly crispy. Turn fillets and continue to cook until fish is just cooked through, time will depend on thickness of fillets. If you have particularly thick fillets, you may need to r <END>
INPUT: salad, salt, bell pepper, beans, lemon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Two-Bean and Roasted Red Pepper Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 8 ounces (about 1 1/3 cups) dried Great Northern beans; 2 teaspoons salt; 1 large red bell pepper; 8 ounces green beans, trimmed, cut crosswise into thirds; 1 lemon; 1/2 cup black brine-cured olives (such as Kalamata); 1/4 cup olive oil; 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar; 1 tablespoon balsamic vinegar | INSTRUCTIONS: Place dried beans in medium saucepan. Pour enough cold water over to cover beans by 3 inches. Let stand overnight. Drain beans and return to same saucepan. Pour enough cold water over to cover beans by 3 inches. Bring to boil. Reduce heat; cover partially and simmer until tender, about 40 minutes. Add 2 teaspoons salt to beans and cool 15 minutes. Drain and cool beans. Char bell pepper over gas flame or under broiler and until blackened on all sides. Wrap in paper bag and let stand 10 minutes. Peel and seed pepper. Cut pepper into matchstick-size strips. Cook green beans in pot of boiling salt <END>
INPUT: dark rum, Bosc Anjou pears, water, raisins, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Poached Rum Raisin Pears | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/3 cup plus 1 tablespoon dark rum; 1 1/2 lb firm-ripe Bosc or Anjou pears (3 large), peeled, cored, and each cut into 8 wedges; 1/2 cup plus 1 tablespoon water; 1/3 cup raisins; 2 tablespoons sugar; 1/2 tablespoon unsalted butter | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine 1/3 cup rum with remaining ingredients in a 10-inch heavy skillet and bring to a boil, stirring occasionally. Reduce heat and simmer, covered, until pears are just tender, about 10 minutes. Remove lid and boil mixture, stirring occasionally, until liquid is reduced to a syrup, 5 to 10 minutes. Stir in remaining tablespoon rum and serve warm or at room temperature. Combine 1/3 cup rum with remaining ingredients in a 10-inch heavy skillet and bring to a boil, stirring occasionally. Reduce heat and simmer, covered, until pears are just tender, about 10 minutes. Remove lid and boil mixture <END>
INPUT: Italian, pizza, eggs, milk, Parmesan, Sea salt pepper, leftover spaghetti olives
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pizza di Spaghetti | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 2 large eggs; 1/4 cup whole milk; 1/2 cup grated Parmesan, plus extra for garnishing; Sea salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 cups leftover spaghetti with olives and tomato sauce, recipe follows; 1 pound dried spaghetti; 1/4 cup olive oil; 1 1/4 cups mixed olives, pitted and halved; 1/2 tablespoon red pepper flakes, plus more if desired; 3 cups tomato sauce, recipe follows; 1/2 cup grated Parmesan; 1/2 cup basil leaves, shredded; 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 1/2 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 1 small onion, chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large bowl, beat eggs, milk and Parmesan. Season with salt and pepper. Add leftover spaghetti and combine well. In a large 10-inch non-stick skillet, heat extra-virgin olive oil over medium heat. Add spaghetti and egg mixture, spreading evenly and pressing down in pan. Cook until golden brown, about 8 minutes. Carefully invert onto plate, add a little more oil to the pan, and slide mixure back into skillet and cook the other side for 6 minutes. Turn out onto serving platter and cut into wedges and serve warm. In a large pot, bring 6 quarts of salted water to a boil. When water comes to a  <END>
INPUT: pete, catfish fillets, salt, cornmeal, all purpose flour, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pete's Catfish | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 large catfish fillets; 1 tablespoon plus 1 teaspoon salt; 1 cup cornmeal; 2 tablespoons all-purpose flour; 1/4 teaspoon black pepper; 2 quarts peanut oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Put the catfish a shallow pan and cover with water. Add a tablespoon of the salt, cover with plastic wrap and soak overnight in the refrigerator. Mix the cornmeal, flour, the remaining1 teaspoon salt and the black pepper in a plastic bag. Drain the water from the catfish and transfer the fillets one at a time to the bag with the cornmeal. Shake the bag to coat the fish and place on a sheet tray or platter. Heat the oil in a deep fryer or Dutch oven to 300 degrees F. Drop a few fillets into the hot oil. Do not overcrowd. Cook the fish until golden brown, about 10  <END>
INPUT: Mexican, salad, dressing, carrot juice, lemon juice, virgin olive oil, cumin, hearts romaine
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Chicken and Chick-Pea Salad with Carrot-Cumin Dressing | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups fresh carrot juice*; 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil; 1 1/2 teaspoons ground cumin; 2 hearts of romaine (about 1 pound total); 1 bunch spinach; 1 pound carrots; 1 1/4 pounds vine-ripened tomatoes (about 4 medium); 2 cups drained canned chick-peas (one 19-ounce can); 10 ounces skinless boneless chicken breast halves (about 2); *available at natural foods stores, juice bars, and some specialty foods shops | INSTRUCTIONS: Prepare grill Prepare grill Make dressing: In a saucepan boil carrot juice until reduced to about 3/4 cup, about 10 minutes, and cool. In a bowl, whisk together carrot juice, lemon juice, oil, and cumin and season dressing with salt and pepper. Dressing may be made 1 day ahead and chilled, covered. In a saucepan boil carrot juice until reduced to about 3/4 cup, about 10 minutes, and cool. In a bowl, whisk together carrot juice, lemon juice, oil, and cumin and season dressing with salt and pepper. Dressing may be made 1 day ahead and chilled, covered. Make salad: Cut romaine and spinach crosswi <END>
INPUT: blended oil, very pancetta, shallots, garlic, Kosher salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Peas and Pancetta with Salmon | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons blended oil, plus 1/4 cup, plus more for drizzling; 6 ounces very thinly sliced pancetta, brunoise or finely chopped (about 1/2 cup); 1 tablespoon sliced shallots; 1 tablespoon sliced garlic; Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper; 2 cups freshly shelled peas; 1/2 cup fresh orange juice; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 2 tablespoons freshly picked dill leaves; 2 tablespoons parsley leaves; 8 (4-ounce) wild salmon fillets, skinned; 1 cup pea shoots; 1/2 orange, zested; Fleur de sel | INSTRUCTIONS: Put a medium-sized saute pan over medium-high heat. Once heated, add 2 tablespoons of the blended oil and add the pancetta and saute until rendered and slightly crisp. Add the shallots, garlic, pinch of salt and freshly cracked black pepper, to taste, the peas, and orange juice. Simmer until the peas are just cooked, about 2 minutes. Add the butter and swirl to combine and melt. Turn off the heat and toss in the dill and parsley. Taste and adjust seasoning, if needed. Put a large cast iron pan over high heat. Season both sides of the fish with salt. Add the remaining 1/4 cup blended oil to the <END>
INPUT: mama, collards, water, chicken thighs, corn oil, Salt pepper taste
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mama's Collards | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 large bunches collards, stemmed, washed very well and torn into pieces; 1 to 2 cups water; 2 to 3 chicken thighs; 1/4 cup corn oil; Salt and pepper to taste | INSTRUCTIONS: Boil chicken about 20 minutes. Add collards and seasoning. Lower heat, cook about 2 hours or until greens are tender. <END>
INPUT: Asian, noodle, grapeseed oil, bratwurst, packages chicken flavor, parsley chives
OUTPUT: TITLE: Ramen Noodle Bratwurst Soup | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons grapeseed oil; 1 pound bratwurst, diced small; 4 packages chicken flavor ramen soup; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley or chives | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat grapeseed oil over medium-high heat in a skillet. Cook bratwurst for a few minutes and drain on paper towels. Bring 8 cups water to a boil. Stir in ramen noodles and let cook for 2 minutes. Stir in chicken flavor pack and cook for 2 more minutes. Add bratwurst and let sit covered for 1 minute. Serve hot sprinkled with chopped fresh parsley or chives. <END>
INPUT: vegetable oil frying, Salt pepper, cornstarch, Thai chilies
OUTPUT: TITLE: Crispy Scallops with Fresh Water Chestnuts | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 gallon vegetable oil for frying; 8 to 12 (U 10) scallops; Salt and pepper; 1 cup cornstarch; 4 to 6 Thai chilies; 8 to 12 water chestnuts; 4 bunches scallions, cut on the bias; 2 cups shiitake mushrooms; 1/4 cup red wine vinegar; 1/2 cup sugar; 1 tablespoon ginger, julienned; 1 bunch Thai basil; 1 bunch cilantro; 1 cucumber, thinly sliced | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large wok heat oil to almost the smoking point. Season the scallops with salt and pepper and dredge in cornstarch. Add to the oil and fry until golden brown on both sides. Remove scallops and drain on paper towels. Next add the chiles, water chestnuts, scallions, and mushrooms. Cook until tender. Add the red wine vinegar, sugar and ginger. Stir to incorporate. Garnish with Thai basil, cilantro and cucumber slices seasoned with salt.; <END>
INPUT: Indian, spiced, chutney, ginger, shallot, garlic, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Shrimp in Spiced Phyllo with Tomato Chutney | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 stick (1/4 cup) unsalted butter; 2 teaspoons minced peeled fresh ginger; 2 teaspoons minced shallot; 1/2 teaspoon minced garlic; 2 tablespoons sugar; 1 cup peeled, seeded, and chopped tomatoes; 2 teaspoons tomato paste; 2 teaspoons fresh lime juice; 1/2 cup chopped fresh cilantro; 1/3 cup hazelnuts, toasted and finely chopped; 2 tablespoons curry powder; 6 (17- by 12-inch) phyllo sheets; 1 stick (1/2 cup) unsalted butter, melted; 30 large shrimp, shelled and deveined | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 375°F. Preheat oven to 375°F. Make chutney: Heat butter in a 10-inch skillet over moderately high heat, then sauté ginger, shallot, and garlic, stirring, 1 minute. Add remaining chutney ingredients and cook over moderate heat, stirring, 4 minutes. Heat butter in a 10-inch skillet over moderately high heat, then sauté ginger, shallot, and garlic, stirring, 1 minute. Add remaining chutney ingredients and cook over moderate heat, stirring, 4 minutes. Make shrimp rolls: Stir together nuts and curry powder. Cover stack of phyllo with 2 overlapping sheets of plastic wrap, then a damp <END>
INPUT: yangzhou, long grain rice, vegetable peanut oil, scallions, shrimp, eggs
OUTPUT: TITLE: Yangzhou Fried Rice | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup long-grain white rice, rinsed several times in cold water until water runs clear; 3 tablespoons vegetable or peanut oil; 8 scallions (white and green parts), thinly sliced on diagonal (about 1 cup); 4 ounces fresh shrimp, peeled, deveined, and finely diced (about 1 cup or 6 large shrimp); 3 large eggs, lightly beaten; 4 ounces fresh shiitake mushroom, stems discarded and caps finely diced (about 2 cups); 4 ounces fresh or frozen peas (about 1 cup); 4 ounces ham, finely diced (about 1 cup); 1 tablespoon oyster sauce; 1 teaspoon sugar; 1 teaspoon kosher salt; 1/2 teaspoon ground white pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: In medium saucepan over high heat, combine rice and 1 1/4 cups water. Cover and bring to boil, then reduce heat to low and simmer until water is absorbed, about 25 minutes. Remove from heat and let stand, covered, 10 minutes. Fluff with large fork or chopsticks, then cool. (Rice can be made ahead and refrigerated, covered, up to 2 days.) In wok or heavy large sauté pan over moderately high heat, heat oil until hot but not smoking. Add half of scallions (reserve remainder for garnish). Add shrimp and stir-fry until shrimp are pink and cooked through, 2 to 3 minutes. Add eggs and rice and stir-f <END>
INPUT: Asian, thai, soy sauce, water, creamy peanut butter, Asian chili paste, canola oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pad Thai with Chicken and Shrimp | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon soy sauce; 1 tablespoon water; 1 tablespoon creamy peanut butter; 1 teaspoon Asian chili paste, such as sambal oelek; 3 tablespoons canola oil; 1 teaspoon minced garlic; 1 teaspoon minced ginger; 1/2 cup julienned mixed vegetables (carrots, yellow squash, zucchini); 4 ounces boneless, skinless chicken breast or thigh, sliced into strips; 12 medium to large shrimp, peeled and deveined; 1/4 pound medium-wide rice noodles, soaked in warm water until softened and drained; 1 tablespoon packed light brown sugar; 1 tablespoon cider vinegar; Chopped Romaine lettuce, for garnish; Mung bean sprouts, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: In a small bowl, whisk together the soy sauce, water, peanut butter, and chili paste until smooth. Heat a large wok over medium-high heat, and add canola oil. When the oil is hot, add the garlic and ginger and let cook until fragrant, about 1 minute. Add the vegetables, chicken, and shrimp, and stir-fry until chicken and shrimp are browned and cooked through, about 2 minutes. Add noodles and toss to coat. Add peanut/spice paste, brown sugar and cider vinegar and toss to distribute. Cook until heated through, about 2 minutes. Spread chopped romaine on a platter. Serve pad Thai on top of lettuce <END>
INPUT: latkes, Idaho russet potatoes, onion, eggs, scallions, potato flour matzo
OUTPUT: TITLE: Potato Latkes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 1/2 pounds Idaho russet potatoes; 1 medium onion; 2 large eggs, separated; 1/2 cup finely chopped scallions (white and green parts); 1/4 cup potato flour or matzo meal; 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted; 2 teaspoons kosher salt; 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 1/4 teaspoon baking powder; Canola or vegetable oil, for frying; Sour cream, for serving; Applesauce, for serving | INSTRUCTIONS: Place a large strainer over a large bowl. Using the large holes of a box grater, grate some of the potatoes, followed by some of the onion, into the strainer. Repeat until all of the potatoes and onion are used up. (Alternating the potatoes and onion prevents the potatoes from discoloring.) Squeeze or press out as much of the liquid as possible. Allow the accumulated liquid to stand in another bowl for 2 to 3 minutes. Pour off the watery part but reserve the thick, starchy paste at the bottom. Transfer the potato-onion mixture to a clean large bowl. Add the starchy paste, egg yolks, scallions, <END>
INPUT: caramels, Vegetable oil, heavy cream, light sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Smoked Almond Caramels | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Vegetable oil cooking spray; 1 cup (5 ounces) coarsely chopped smoked almonds; 1/2 cup heavy cream; 1 stick (4 ounces) unsalted butter, at room temperature; 1 1/2 cups light brown sugar; 1 tablespoon water; 3/4 cup bittersweet (60 percent cacao) chocolate chips (recommended: Ghiradelli); Special equipment: a candy thermometer, a 12-count muffin pan | INSTRUCTIONS: Spray a 12-count muffin pan, liberally, with vegetable oil cooking spray. Put the almonds in the bottom of each muffin cup and set aside. For the caramel: In a 3-quart, heavy-bottomed saucepan, combine the cream, butter, sugar, and water. Stir over medium heat until the mixture is smooth. Bring the mixture to a boil and cook, without stirring, until a candy thermometer registers 240 degrees F, about 5 to 7 minutes. Let the mixture cool for 30 seconds. Using a long-handled, metal spoon, carefully spoon the caramel over the nuts. Allow the caramel to harden, at room temperature, for 1 hour. Put  <END>
INPUT: everything, hash, onion, lime juice, wine vinegar, granulated sugar, kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Everything Hash Brown Cake with Pickled Red Onions and Green Onion Creme Fraiche | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 red onion, thinly sliced; 1/2 cup fresh lime juice; 1/2 cup white wine vinegar; 2 tablespoons granulated sugar; 1 teaspoon kosher salt; 1/2 cup creme fraiche; 2 green onions, dark green and pale green part, thinly sliced; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 large russet potatoes; 1/2 cup clarified butter; 1 clove garlic, smashed; 3/4 teaspoon poppy seeds; 3/4 teaspoon flaked sea salt; 3/4 teaspoon sesame seeds; Freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: For the onions: Put the red onions in a medium bowl. Combine the lime juice, vinegar, sugar and salt in a small saucepan. Bring to a boil and cook until the sugar and salt are dissolved. Remove from the heat and let sit to cool slightly, 5 minutes, then pour over the onions. Cover and refrigerate for at least 1 hour and up to 24 hours. For the hash browns: Mix together the creme fraiche and green onions in a small bowl, and season with salt and pepper. Cover and refrigerate until ready to serve. Grate the potatoes using the large holes on a cheese grater. Heat half of the clarified butter in a <END>
INPUT: American, tacos, relish, skirt steak, chipotle chile powder, olive oil, lime juice, onions
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Skirt Steak Tacos with Corn Relish | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound skirt steak, cut into 4 pieces; 1 1/2 teaspoons chipotle chile powder, divided; 3 tablespoons olive oil, divided; 2 tablespoons fresh lime juice, divided; 6 green onions; 2 ears of corn, husked; 1/4 cup chopped fresh cilantro; 1 teaspoon finely grated lime peel; 8 5- to 6-inch corn tortillas | INSTRUCTIONS: Prepare barbecue (medium-high heat). Sprinkle skirt steak on both sides with salt and 1 1/4 teaspoons chile powder. Whisk 1 1/2 tablespoons olive oil and 1 tablespoon lime juice in 11x7-inch glass dish. Add meat and turn to coat; place in single layer. Marinate 15 minutes. Meanwhile, brush green onions and corn with 1 tablespoon oil and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Grill vegetables until slightly charred, turning occasionally, about 2 minutes for green onions and 7 minutes for corn. Working over bowl, cut corn from cob directly into bowl. Coarsely chop green onions and add to corn. Stir in c <END>
INPUT: 
OUTPUT: TITLE: Poppy Seed Braid | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 tablespoons (60 ml) warm water, 105 degrees F - 115 degrees F (40 degrees C - 46 degree sC); 1 package (1 Tablespoon) active dry yeast; 1/3 cup (80 ml) milk; 1/4 cup (56 g) unsalted butter; 1/3 cup (80 ml) honey; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1 large egg; 2 1/4 cups (281 g) unbleached, all-purpose flour plus additional for final mixing and rolling dough; 1 1/3 cups (320 g) Poppy Seed Filling (See Recipe); 1 large egg plus 2 tablespoons (30 ml) milk for brushing braid | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. To proof the yeast, combine warm water and yeast. Stir slowly to combine. Set aside for 5 minutes. 2. Scald the milk in a small saucepan, then add the butter and honey; cool to 110 degrees F to 115 degrees F (43 degrees C - 46 degrees C). 3. Place the flour and salt into the Vitamix Dry Grains container and secure lid. 4. Select Variable 1. 5. Turn machine on and slowly increase speed to Variable 6. 6. Blend until a hole forms in the center of the mixture, about 5 seconds. 7. Select Variable 3. 8. Turn machine on and remove the lid plug. Pour egg, yeast mixture, and milk mixture through the <END>
INPUT: salad, bell peppers, lemon juice, virgin olive oil, garlic, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Red Bell Pepper and Fennel Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 large red bell peppers; 5 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 3 garlic cloves, minced; 1/4 teaspoon dried crushed red pepper; 1 medium fennel bulb, trimmed, thinly sliced, fronds chopped and reserved; 6 cups mixed baby greens; 1/4 cup halved pitted Kalamata olives; Parmesan cheese shavings | INSTRUCTIONS: Char bell peppers over open flame or in broiler until blackened on all sides. Enclose peppers in paper bag 10 minutes. Peel and seed peppers, then cut into 3/4-inch-wide strips. Whisk lemon juice, oil, garlic, and dried crushed pepper in small bowl to blend. Season to taste with salt and pepper. (Peppers and dressing can be made 1 day ahead. Cover separately and chill. Bring dressing to room temperature and rewhisk before using.) Toss sliced fennel bulb with half of dressing in medium bowl. Toss red peppers with remaining dressing in another medium bowl. Divide greens among 4 plates. Arrange f <END>
INPUT: Mexican, carrots, water, lemon juice, olive oil, cumin
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cilantro Carrots with Cumin | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2 pounds carrots, each cut into 2-inch-long pieces, then quartered lengthwise; 6 tablespoons water; 3 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 3 tablespoons olive oil; 2 tablespoons ground cumin; 2 garlic cloves, pressed; 2 tablespoons minced fresh cilantro | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine carrots and 6 tablespoons water in large saucepan. Season with salt. Cover and boil until carrots are crisp-tender, about 7 minutes. Drain off any excess water. Transfer carrots to large shallow bowl. Mix in lemon juice, oil, cumin and garlic. Season with salt and pepper. Cool. Add cilantro. (Can be made 2 hours ahead. Let stand at cool room temperature.) Combine carrots and 6 tablespoons water in large saucepan. Season with salt. Cover and boil until carrots are crisp-tender, about 7 minutes. Drain off any excess water. Transfer carrots to large shallow bowl. Mix in lemon juice, oil,  <END>
INPUT: soup, escarole, olive oil, onion, garlic, celery
OUTPUT: TITLE: Escarole and White Bean Soup | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 head escarole (1 pound), tough ribs discarded and leaves thinly sliced (8 cups); 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1 medium onion, chopped; 1 large garlic clove, chopped; 1 large celery rib, cut diagonally into 1/8-inch-thick slices; 2 carrots, cut diagonally into 1/8-inch-thick slices; 2 (13 1/2- to 14 1/2-ounce) cans chicken broth or vegetable broth; 3 cups water; 1 (16- to 19-ounce) can white beans such as cannellini, rinsed and drained; Accompaniment: grated parmesan | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook escarole in a 6- to 8-quart pot of boiling salted water until tender, about 5 minutes, then transfer with slotted spoon to a large bowl of ice and cold water to stop cooking. Drain escarole in a colander, pressing gently to remove excess water. Heat oil in a 5- to 6-quart heavy pot over moderately high heat until hot but not smoking, then sauté onion, garlic, celery, and carrots, stirring occasionally, until golden, about 8 minutes. Add chicken broth and water and bring to a boil, then add escarole and beans and simmer, uncovered, until carrots and celery are tender, about 10 minutes. Sea <END>
INPUT: hearty, soup, vegetable oil, beef stew meat, onion, garlic gloves, tomatoes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Hearty Beef and Vegetable Soup | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons vegetable oil; 1 pound beef stew meat, cut into 1/2-inch cubes; 1 cup finely chopped onion; 2 garlic gloves, minced; 1 14 1/2-ounce can whole tomatoes, drained (juices reserved), chopped; 4 boiling potatoes (about 1 1/4 pounds) cut into 1-inch cubes; 1 cup chopped celery; 1 cup sliced carrots; 1 cup pearl barley; 1 cup shredded green cabbage; 2 bay leaves; 1 teaspoon dried basil; 5 1/2 cups canned beef broth; 1 cup water; 2 10-ounce packages frozen mixed vegetables | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat oil in heavy large Dutch oven over medium-high heat. Add beef and cook until brown, stirring occasionally, about 8 minutes. Add onion and garlic and sauté until onion is tender, about 5 minutes. Stir in tomatoes with juices and all remaining ingredients except frozen vegetables and parsley. Cover and simmer until meat is tender, about 1 hour 10 minutes. (Can be prepared 3 days ahead. Cover and refrigerate. Rewarm over medium heat before continuing.) Stir in frozen vegetables. Cover and simmer until vegetables are tender, about 10 minutes. Sprinkle soup with parsley and serve. Heat oil in  <END>
INPUT: Italian, virgin olive oil, onion, garlic, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Traditional Lasagna | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1 minced onion; 2 cloves minced garlic; 1/2 teaspoon dried crushed red pepper; 1 (28-ounce) can crushed Italian tomatoes; 1 tablespoon oregano; 1 bay leaf; 2 tablespoons Parmesan; 15 lasagna noodles; 2 pounds ricotta; Salt and pepper; 1 1/2 cups grated Parmesan; 1 pound mozzarella, grated; 4 egg yolks | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Saute onions, garlic, and red pepper for 1 to 2 minutes. Do not let garlic brown. Add the tomatoes, oregano, and bay leaf to skillet. Let simmer until flavors blend, stirring occasionally every 1/2 hour. Stir in Parmesan, and remove bay leaf. Sauce is ready for lasagna to be made. Heat oven to 350 degrees F. In a large pot, boil water, and cook pasta close to al dente. In a large bowl combine the ricotta, salt, pepper, and Parmesan, and mix until well blended. Mix in egg yolks and set aside. In a 13 by 9-inch baking dish, spread a thin layer of mar <END>
INPUT: Mexican, slow, lamb, garlic, milk plain Greek, mint, Kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Slow-Grilled Leg of Lamb with Mint Yogurt and Salsa Verde | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 garlic clove, finely chopped; 2 cups whole-milk plain Greek yogurt; 1 cup chopped fresh mint; 1 tablespoon (or more) fresh lemon juice; Kosher salt, freshly ground pepper; 6 oil-packed anchovy fillets; 4 garlic cloves, chopped; 3/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 3/4 cup chopped fresh parsley; 1/2 cup chopped fresh mint; 2 tablespoons drained capers; 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice; Kosher salt, freshly ground pepper; 1 cup rosemary leaves; 3/4 cup peeled garlic cloves (from about 2 heads) | INSTRUCTIONS: Mint Yogurt: Mix garlic, yogurt, mint, and lemon juice in a medium bowl. Season with salt, pepper, and more lemon juice, if desired. Mix garlic, yogurt, mint, and lemon juice in a medium bowl. Season with salt, pepper, and more lemon juice, if desired. Do Ahead Mint yogurt can be made 1 day ahead. Cover and chill. Mint yogurt can be made 1 day ahead. Cover and chill. Salsa verde: Process anchovies, garlic, oil, parsley, mint, capers, and lemon juice in a food processor until herbs are finely chopped; season with salt and pepper. Process anchovies, garlic, oil, parsley, mint, capers, and lemon  <END>
INPUT: charlotte, eggs, sugar, pure vanilla extract, all purpose flour, confectioners' sugar dusting
OUTPUT: TITLE: Rhubarb Charlotte with Strawberries and Rum | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 10 extra large eggs; 1 cup plus 1/2 cup sugar; 2 tsp. pure vanilla extract; 3/4 cup all-purpose flour; confectioners' sugar for dusting; vegetable oil cooking spray; 1/4 cup strawberry liqueur, cassis, or a berry-flavored brandy; 1/2 cup dark rum, plus 2 tablespoons for the ladyfingers and a few drops for topping; 2 lbs. ripe strawberries; 2 cups sugar; 1 tsp. freshly squeezed lemon juice; 1/2 lb. rhubarb, unpeeled, cut up; 1 cup water plus 1/2 cup boiling water; 1 cup plain yogurt; 1/4 tsp. salt | INSTRUCTIONS: LADYFINGERS: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with baker's parchment. Separate eggs, discarding two whites. In a mixer, beat the eight egg whites until foamy. Gradually add 1/2 cup sugar until stiff peaks form. Transfer to a large stainless steel bowl and reserve. RHUBARB CHARLOTTE: In a mixer, beat the 10 egg yolks with the remaining cup sugar and vanilla to golden ribbon stage. Fold yolk mixture into egg whites. Gradually sift in flour. Transfer batter to a piping bag with a 1-inch plain tip. Pipe 3-inch fingers about 1/2 inch apart directly on the baking sheet. Dust genero <END>
INPUT: potpie, chive, chicken breasts skin, pearl onions, carrots, celery, peas
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken Potpie with Chive Mashed Potatoes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 1-pound whole chicken breasts with skin and bones; 1/4 pound pearl onions (about 1 cup), unpeeled; 2 medium carrots, cut into 1/4-inch-thick pieces; 2 celery ribs, halved lengthwise and cut into 1/4-inch-thick pieces; 1/2 cup thawed frozen peas; 1/4 pound mushrooms (about 8), sliced thin; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1/4 cup finely chopped shallots (about 2 large); 1 bay leaf; 1/4 teaspoon dried thyme, crumbled; 1/4 teaspoon dried tarragon, crumbled; 1/4 cup all-purpose flour; 1/3 cup dry white wine; 2 1/2 cups low-salt chicken broth; Freshly grated nutmeg to taste | INSTRUCTIONS: Make filling: In a 5-quart saucepan bring 3 quarts water to a boil. Add chicken and simmer, uncovered, 20 minutes. Remove pan from heat and let stand 30 minutes. Transfer chicken to a bowl, discarding cooking liquid, and cool. Discard skin and bones. Cut chicken into 3/4-inch cubes and return to bowl. In a 3-quart saucepan bring 2 quarts water to a boil and cook onions until tender, 7 to 8 minutes. Transfer onions with a slotted spoon to a bowl of ice and cold water, reserving cooking liquid in pan. Cut root ends off onions and peel. Add onions to chicken. Return reserved cooking liquid to a b <END>
INPUT: alaskan, mushrooms, sea salt, scant pepper, vegetable oil, milk
OUTPUT: TITLE: Milk-Poached Alaskan Halibut with Asparagus and Morel Mushrooms | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 8 (4 ounce) halibut filets with skin; 1 1/2 teaspoons sea salt; 3/4 teaspoon plus scant 1/8 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 2 teaspoons vegetable oil; 1/2 cup whole milk; 1/2 cup heavy cream; 4 tablespoons (1/4 cup) white wine, preferably white Burgundy; 24 thick asparagus spears, peeled and trimmed; 2 tablespoons plus 2 teaspoons extra-virgin olive oil; 4 ounces fresh morels,* trimmed, washed well, patted dry, and halved or quartered if large; 1/4 cup sherry vinegar; 2 tablespoons fresh thyme leaves, chopped; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; *If fresh morels are unavailable, fresh chanterelles make a good substitute. Alternatively use 1 1/2 ounces dried morels. Soak in 1 cup warm water unt | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 400°F. Pat halibut dry and sprinkle with 1/2 teaspoon salt and 1/4 teaspoon pepper. In large, heavy skillet over moderately high heat, heat vegetable oil until hot but not smoking. Add fish, skin side up, milk, cream, and wine. Bring to light simmer, cover, and place in oven until just cooked through, 7 to 10 minutes. Remove halibut from liquid, cover, and keep warm. Reserve poaching liquid. While halibut is in the oven, cook asparagus in 8-quart pot boiling salted water until tender, about 3 minutes. Using slotted spoon or tongs, remove asparagus from water and transfer to lar <END>
INPUT: scrambled, smoked salmon, eggs, heavy cream, Salt pepper, butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Scrambled Eggs with Smoked Salmon | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 pound sliced smoked salmon; 12 eggs; 1/2 cup heavy cream; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 tablespoons butter; 12 to 15 blades of fresh chives, finely chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Reserve 2 slices of salmon for garnish. Chop the remaining salmon into very small pieces. Whisk your eggs and cream together. Add 1/2 of your chopped chives and season eggs with salt and pepper. Preheat a large nonstick skillet over medium heat. Melt butter in the pan and add eggs. Scramble eggs with a wooden spoon. Do not cook eggs until dry. When eggs have come together but remain wet, stir in chopped salmon. Remove pan from the stove and place on a trivet. Garnish the eggs with remaining salmon and chives and serve right out of the warm pan. Note: If you are s <END>
INPUT: bacon, asparagus, Kosher salt, shallot, Sherry vinegar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Asparagus with Bacon and Hard-Boiled Eggs | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 ounces bacon (about 4 slices); 2 bunches green and/or white asparagus (about 2 pounds), trimmed, ends peeled if thick; Kosher salt; 1/2 small shallot, finely chopped; 3 tablespoons Sherry vinegar; 1 tablespoon pure maple syrup; 1 teaspoon whole grain mustard; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1 tablespoon vegetable oil; Freshly ground black pepper; 4 hard-boiled large eggs, whites and yolks separated, chopped; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh tender herbs (such as chives and/or tarragon) | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook bacon in a large skillet over medium heat, turning once, until browned and crisp, 5-8 minutes. Transfer to paper towels to drain; let cool, then crumble. Meanwhile, cook asparagus in a large pot of boiling salted water until crisp-tender, 3-5 minutes, depending on thickness. (If using both green and white asparagus, cook white asparagus first to keep them from turning green.) Drain and transfer to a large bowl of ice water to cool. Drain and pat dry. Whisk shallot, vinegar, maple syrup, and mustard in a medium bowl. Gradually whisk in olive oil until emulsified, then whisk in vegetable oi <END>
INPUT: spritz, Prosecco other sparkling, Cocchi Americano Rosa, soda, Orange wheel
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cocchi Spritz | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 ounces dry Prosecco or other sparkling white wine; 2 ounces Cocchi Americano Rosa; Club soda; Orange wheel | INSTRUCTIONS: Pour 4 ounces dry Prosecco or other sparkling white wine into an ice-filled large wine or rocks glass. Add 2 ounces Cocchi Americano Rosa and top off with club soda. Gently stir together; garnish with an orange wheel. Pour 4 ounces dry Prosecco or other sparkling white wine into an ice-filled large wine or rocks glass. Add 2 ounces Cocchi Americano Rosa and top off with club soda. Gently stir together; garnish with an orange wheel. <END>
INPUT: anchovies, eggs, Mayonnaise, anchovy fillets
OUTPUT: TITLE: Eggs Stuffed with Anchovies and Tuna | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 5 large eggs, hard-boiled; 3 tablespoons Mayonnaise, recipe follows; 1 (3-ounce) can albacore tuna packed in oil, drained and flaked; 5 anchovy fillets, chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: Peel the eggs and slice in half lengthwise. Carefully remove the yolks, and transfer to a small bowl. Set egg whites aside. Add mayonnaise, tuna, and anchovies to the bowl with the yolks, and mash with a fork until mixture is well blended and almost smooth. Spoon tuna mixture into egg whites. Serve chilled or at room temperature. Mayonnaise: 1 large egg, room temperature 1 1/2 cups extra-virgin olive oil 1 teaspoon coarse salt 1 tablespoon sherry vinegar In a blender, combine the egg with about 1 teaspoon of the oil and the salt. On low speed, blend until combined. With the blender running, ad <END>
INPUT: chicken, Kosher salt, all purpose flour, garlic powder, onion powder
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fried Chicken | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 chicken (3 to 4 pounds), cut up into 10 pieces; Kosher salt; 3 cups all-purpose flour; 1 tablespoon garlic powder; 1 tablespoon onion powder; 1 tablespoon sweet paprika; 2 teaspoons cayenne; Freshly ground black pepper; 2 cups buttermilk; 2 tablespoons chile paste (such as sambal); Peanut oil, for deep-frying | INSTRUCTIONS: Put the chicken in a large bowl. Add cold water, by the quart, to cover the chicken by about 1 inch. Add 1 tablespoon of salt to each quart of water. Cover and refrigerate for at least 2 hours or overnight. When you're ready to cook, mix the flour, garlic and onion powders, paprika, and cayenne in a large, shallow platter until well blended; season generously with salt and pepper. Stir together the buttermilk and hot sauce in another large, deep platter or wide, shallow bowl; season with salt and pepper. Drain the chicken in a colander and pat it dry. Dredge the pieces a few at a time in the f <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, wrapped, boursin, phyllo dough, butter, Parmesan, wheel brie cheese, asparagus tips
OUTPUT: TITLE: Phyllo Wrapped Asparagus and Boursin | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 5 or 6 sheets phyllo dough (based on 18 by 14-inch sheets which are often sold in packs of 18 to 20); 1 cup melted butter; 1/4 cup Parmesan; 1 small wheel brie cheese (8 ounces), cut into 16 mini-wedges; 16 asparagus tips, blanched | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Make sure phyllo is completely defrosted. Once removed from package, you will need to cover phyllo with waxed paper and a damp towel to prevent it from drying out. Lay out sheet of dough, lightly butter with pastry brush. Fold sheet in half, butter again. Keep buttering and folding in half (probably 3 "folds" total) until you have a rectangle with dimensions close to 4 by 4-inches. Cut into 3 sections. Sprinkle Parmesan on each piece of dough. Crumble a bit of brie on each. Lay asparagus tip on top and roll dough around asparagus. The tip of the asparagus should  <END>
INPUT: shell shrimp, Kosher salt, fennel bulb, onion, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Quick-Pickled Shrimp | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound shell-on medium shrimp; Kosher salt; 1/2 medium fennel bulb, thinly sliced; 1/2 medium onion, thinly sliced; 2 garlic cloves, thinly sliced; 1/2 Fresno chile or red jalapeño, thinly sliced, seeded; 1/2 cup fresh lemon juice; 1/4 cup apple cider vinegar; 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 2 tablespoons fennel fronds; Freshly ground black pepper; 1/2 loaf ciabatta or country-style bread, sliced 1/2" thick, toasted; Mayonnaise (for serving; optional) | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook shrimp in a large pot of boiling salted water until just opaque in the center, about 2 minutes. Drain; rinse under cold running water to cool. Peel and devein, leaving tails intact, if desired. Combine shrimp, fennel bulb, onion, garlic, chile, lemon juice, vinegar, oil, and fennel fronds in a medium bowl. Season with salt and pepper and toss to combine. Let sit, tossing occasionally, at least 20 minutes. Serve shrimp with toast and mayonnaise, if using. DO AHEAD: Pickled shrimp can be made 2 days ahead. Cover and chill. Cook shrimp in a large pot of boiling salted water until just opaque <END>
INPUT: salad, broccoli florets, cherry tomatoes, onion slivers, pearl size mozzarella, wine vinaigrette
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fresh Broccoli Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups cooked broccoli florets; 6 cherry tomatoes, cut in half; 1/8 cup red onion slivers (Recommended: Ready Pac); 1/4 cup fresh pearl-size mozzarella(Recommended: Cantare); 1/4 cup red wine vinaigrette (Recommended: Briana's); Pepper Mill | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large bowl, toss together all ingredients, except black pepper. Divide among 2 chilled salad plates. Serve with freshly ground pepper. <END>
INPUT: Italian, sauce, uncooked shrimp, water, olive oil, garlic, leeks
OUTPUT: TITLE: Shrimp and Leek Linguine in White Wine Sauce | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound small uncooked shrimp, peeled, deveined, shells reserved; 1 3/4 cups water; 6 tablespoons olive oil; 2 large garlic cloves, minced; 2 1/2 cups thinly sliced leeks (white and pale green parts only from about 2 large); 1/4 cup thinly sliced stemmed drained peperoncini (about 4 whole); 3 tablespoons chopped fresh oregano; 2 teaspoons minced lemon peel; 1/4 cup dry white wine; 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 1 pound linguine; Chopped fresh parsley | INSTRUCTIONS: Place shrimp shells in medium saucepan. Add 1 3/4 cups water and a generous pinch of salt. Bring to boil over medium-high heat. Cover, reduce heat to medium-low and simmer until reduced to 1 cup liquid, about 15 minutes. Strain into measuring cup, pressing on shells to extract as much liquid as possible. Meanwhile, heat 3 tablespoons oil in heavy large skillet over medium-high heat. Add shrimp and sauté until opaque, about 2 minutes. Using slotted spoon, transfer to medium bowl. Reduce heat to low. Add remaining 3 tablespoons oil to same skillet. Add garlic and sauté until soft, about 1 minute <END>
INPUT: Asian, all purpose flour, baking powder, fine salt, unsalted butter, lard
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pear-Ginger Pie | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup all-purpose flour, plus more for dusting; 1/8 teaspoon baking powder; 1/8 teaspoon fine salt; 2 tablespoons cold unsalted butter, cut into small pieces; 1 tablespoon lard; 1 large egg yolk; 1/4 teaspoon apple cider vinegar; 5 or 6 firm ripe pears (such as Bosc), peeled and sliced (about 5 cups); Grated zest of 1 lemon, plus 1 tablespoonfresh lemon juice; 1 1-inch piece ginger, peeled and finely chopped; 2 tablespoons all-purpose flour; 2 tablespoons orange marmalade; For the topping:; 3/4 cup all-purpose flour; 1/2 cup sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: Make the crust: Sift the flour, baking powder and fine salt into a large bowl. Cut in the butter and lard with a pastry blender or your fingers until the mixture looks like coarse meal with pea-size bits of butter. Beat the egg yolk, vinegar and 1 1/2 tablespoons cold water in a liquid measuring cup with a fork. Add the egg mixture to the flour mixture and gently stir with a fork until just moistened. Gently gather into a ball, then shape into a disk on a lightly floured surface. Wrap in plastic and refrigerate at least 1 hour. Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Roll out the dough into a 12-in <END>
INPUT: shortbread, unsalted butter, dark sugar, maple sugar, vanilla, unbleached all purpose
OUTPUT: TITLE: Maple Shortbread | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 stick cold unsalted butter, cut into 1/2-inch cubes; 2 tablespoons packed dark brown sugar; 1/4 cup maple sugar; 1 teaspoon vanilla; 3/4 cup plus 2 tablespoons unbleached all-purpose flour; 2 tablespoons cornstarch; 1/4 teaspoon salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350°F and put a 9-inch tart pan with a removable bottom in freezer to chill. Blend butter, brown sugar, 2 tablespoons maple sugar, and vanilla in a food processor just until smooth, about 30 seconds. Sift flour, cornstarch, and salt over butter mixture and pulse just until clumps form (about 8 pulses). Press evenly into chilled pan, then sprinkle evenly with remaining 2 tablespoons maple sugar. Prick all over with a fork and freeze 5 minutes. Bake in middle of oven until edges are golden, 25 to 30 minutes. Cool in pan on a rack 5 minutes and, while still warm, cut into 8 wedges <END>
INPUT: Italian, dried, panini, Olive oil, rosemary leaves, Kosher salt pepper, plum tomatoes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken Breast, Dried Tomato and Mozzarella Panini | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 whole boneless, skinless chicken breast; Olive oil, as needed; 2 teaspoons chopped fresh rosemary leaves; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 6 to 8 plum tomatoes, cored; Olive oil, as needed; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 (6-inch) loaves ciabatta bread, or your favorite long and crusty bread, halved lengthwise; About 6 (1/4-inch thick) slices mozzarella; 2 teaspoons chopped fresh rosemary; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Make the chicken: Using a knife, butterfly the chicken and pound thin between 2 layers of plastic wrap. Transfer the chicken to a shallow dish, drizzle with olive oil, and sprinkle with the rosemary. Season the chicken with salt and pepper and refrigerate for at least 2 hours and up to 2 days. When ready to cook, preheat a grill. Grill the chicken, turning once, until just cooked through. Make the tomatoes: Preheat the oven to 250 degrees F. Using a small knife, score the ends of the tomatoes, drop them in a pot of boiling water, and cook briefly, about 20 second <END>
INPUT: applewood bacon, chicken, Kosher salt pepper, fennel bulb, dark beer
OUTPUT: TITLE: Beer Braised Chicken | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 slices thick cut applewood bacon; 1 whole chicken, quartered; Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper; 1 fennel bulb, trimmed cored and thinly sliced; 1 bottle dark beer; 2 tablespoons apple cider vinegar | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. In a Dutch oven, cook the bacon until nice and crispy. Remove the bacon to a paper towel-lined plate to drain and crumble when cooled. Pat the chicken dry and season on all sides with salt and pepper. Sear the chicken on all sides in the pan with the rendered bacon fat, until the outside is brown and crispy. Remove the chicken to a plate and add the fennel to the pan. Season with salt and pepper, to taste, and saute until caramelized and tender, about 10 minutes. Add a little water if the fennel starts to burn. Pour in the beer  <END>
INPUT: Italian, loosely basil leaves, mayonnaise, lemon juice, Dijon mustard, Salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fried Green Tomatoes with Basil Mayonnaise | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups loosely packed fresh basil leaves; 1 cup mayonnaise; 2 tablespoons lemon juice; 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 4 green tomatoes, sliced 1/4-inch thick; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 3/4 cup all-purpose flour; 3/4 cup buttermilk; 1/4 teaspoon hot sauce; 1 1/2 cups panko breadcrumbs; 3/4 cup yellow cornmeal | INSTRUCTIONS: For the basil mayonnaise: Pulse the basil, mayonnaise, lemon juice and mustard in a food processor until smooth. Season with salt and pepper. Cover and refrigerate until needed. For the fried tomatoes: Season the tomatoes with salt and pepper. Place the flour in a shallow dish. Whisk together the buttermilk and hot sauce in another shallow dish. Whisk together the panko and cornmeal in a third shallow dish. Working with 1 slice of tomato at a time, coat the tomato first in the flour, then in the buttermilk and then finally in the cornmeal. Repeat this process with the remaining slices. Add eno <END>
INPUT: Mexican, chilaquiles, light virgin olive, onion, bell pepper, puréed tomatoes, chili powder
OUTPUT: TITLE: Black Bean and Zucchini Chilaquiles | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 tablespoons light or extra-virgin olive oil; 1 cup chopped onion; 1 medium green bell pepper, diced; One 28-ounce can crushed or puréed tomatoes; 2 teaspoons chili powder; 1 teaspoon dried oregano; 1/2 teaspoon ground cumin; One 16- to 20-ounce can black beans or 2 1/2 cups cooked black beans (from about 1 cup dried); 1 medium zucchini, quartered lengthwise and thinly sliced; 1 small fresh hot chile pepper, seeded and minced, or one 4-ounce can chopped mild green chilies; 12 6-inch corn tortillas, torn or cut into several pieces; 8 ounces grated Cheddar cheese or Cheddar-style nondairy cheese | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. Preheat the oven to 400° F. Lightly oil a 9- by 13-inch baking pan or 2-quart round casserole. 2. Heat the oil in a large saucepan. Sauté the onion until translucent. Add the bell pepper and continue to sauté until it has softened and the onions are golden. Stir in the tomatoes, seasonings, beans, zucchini, and chile pepper. Bring to a simmer, then simmer gently for 5 minutes. 3. Layer as follows in the prepared pan. Half the tortillas, half the tomato black bean mixture, and half the cheese. Repeat. Bake for 15 to 20 minutes, or until the cheese is bubbly. Let stand for 5 to 10 minutes, th <END>
INPUT: Mexican, dressed, honey, lime juice, olive oil, watercress, oranges
OUTPUT: TITLE: Best Dressed Watercress with Crispy Tortillas | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon honey; 2 tablespoons lime juice; 3 ounces olive oil; 2 cups watercress, large stems removed; 2 medium oranges, peeled and cut into chunks; 1 cup finely julienned jicama; 1 thinly sliced small red onion; 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt; Crispy Tortilla, recipe follows; 3 cups canola oil; 2 fresh corn tortillas; 1/2 teaspoon salt | INSTRUCTIONS: In a small bowl, whisk together honey and lime juice. Continue to whisk while slowly drizzling in olive oil until all of the oil is incorporated. In a medium bowl, combine watercress, orange segments, jicama, red onion and salt. Drizzle in 1/2 cup of the dressing. Toss well to combine. Divide the salad equally between 4 salad plates. Top with Crispy Tortilla strips. In a heavy skillet, heat oil to 360 degrees F. Cut tortillas in 1/4-inch strips. Line a plate with paper towels and when oil is hot, carefully drop strips into oil, separating as you put them in. Fry for 1 to 2 minutes or until lig <END>
INPUT: French, cherries, almonds, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Baked Brie | CUISINE: French | INGREDIENTS: 1 (7 to 8-inch) wheel brie cheese; 1/4 cup dried cherries; 1/4 cup sliced toasted almonds; 3 tablespoons brown sugar; 2 sheets (12 by 18-inch) puff pastry; 2 eggs, beaten | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Using a warmed sharp knife, or unflavored dental floss (See Cook's Note 1) cut the wheel of brie in half horizontally and separate the top half of the wheel from the bottom half. Sprinkle the bottom half of the brie with the dried cherries, toasted almonds, and brown sugar. Replace the top half of the brie and apply pressure to secure the stuffing. Working on a well-floured surface, roll out the puff pastry so that it will fully cover the brie. Place the brie in the middle of the puff pastry and fold the excess pastry around the wheel. Put the wheel aside. Ro <END>
INPUT: salad, virgin olive oil, salmon fillet, Salt pepper, mixed greens, grape tomatoes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Green Salad with Salmon | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 5 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1 salmon fillet; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 cup mixed greens; 1/4 cup grape tomatoes; 2 tablespoons dried cherries; 2 tablespoons pine nuts; 5 small broccoli florets; Handful of blueberries; 2 tablespoons champagne vinegar; 1 teaspoon chopped fresh chives; 1 slice bread, brushed with olive oil and toasted, for servintg | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat 1 tablespoon olive oil in a skillet over medium-high heat. Sprinkle the salmon with salt and pepper. Add the salmon to the hot skillet and cook for 7 minutes on each side. Remove from the heat. Combine the mixed greens, tomatoes, dried cherries, pine nuts, broccoli and blueberries together in a bowl. Whisk together the remaining 4 tablespoons olive oil, vinegar and chives. Season with salt and pepper and pour half over the salad. Place the salmon on top of the salad and pour over the remaining dressing. Serve with toasted bread on the side. This recipe was created by a contestant during a <END>
INPUT: torta, rustica, baguette, butter, baby spinach leaves, sweet Italian sausage, Fontina cheese
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sausage, Roasted Red Pepper, and Spinach Torta Rustica | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 16 1/4-inch-thick baguette slices, cut on slight diagonal; 1 tablespoon butter; 12 ounces fresh baby spinach leaves; 1 pound sweet Italian sausage, casing removed; 1 1/2 cups grated Fontina cheese, divided; 3/4 cup diced drained roasted red peppers (from 12-ounce jar); 6 large eggs; 1 cup heavy whipping cream; 1 cup whole milk; 1 teaspoon coarse kosher salt; 1/4 teaspoon ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350°F. Butter 8x8x2-inch baking dish. Place 8 baguette slices in bottom of dish; press 2 baguette slices onto each side. Melt 1 tablespoon butter in large pot over medium-high heat. Add spinach; toss until just wilted, about 3 minutes. Transfer spinach to strainer; cool. Squeeze spinach dry. Transfer to medium bowl. Heat same pot over medium-high heat. Add sausage. Sauté until cooked through, breaking up, about 7 minutes. Mix into spinach; mix in 1 cup cheese and peppers. Spread atop baguette slices in bottom of dish. Whisk eggs in medium bowl to blend. Whisk in last 4 ingredie <END>
INPUT: tart, All purpose flour, sheet, fruit, unsalted butter, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Puff Pastry Tart | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: All-purpose flour, for dusting; 1 sheet (1/2 a 17.3-ounce package) all-butter frozen puff pastry, thawed; 3 cups fruit, nuts and/or cheese (ideal for roasting); 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted; 3 tablespoons brown sugar; 1/2 teaspoon cinnamon or other spices; 1/4 cup warmed honey, if desired; Puff Pastry Variations, recipes follow | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper or grease with nonstick cooking spray.; Sprinkle the cutting board with flour. Roll-out the creases.; Unfold the pastry onto parchment paper. Using a fork, pierce a 1/2-inch border around the edge of the puff pastry. Prick the center of the pastry as well, about 10 times all over. Arrange the fruit, nuts, and cheese on top of the pastry in a uniform manner, avoiding the border. Brush the fruit with the melted butter and top with the cinnamon and sugar. Bake 15 minutes, until the pastry is golden brown and beginning to  <END>
INPUT: Mexican, chile, garlic, onion, jalapeño, lemon juice, xuxu
OUTPUT: TITLE: Xuxu and Shrimp with Chile and Lemon | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 6 garlic cloves; 3/4 cup chopped white onion; 2 to 3 tablespoons chopped fresh jalapeño, including seeds; 1/3 cup fresh lemon juice; 3 medium xuxu (chayote; about 1 3/4 pound total); 1 1/2 pounds large shrimp, peeled and deveined; 1/4 cup olive oil, divided; 1 (14-ounces) jar or can hearts of palm, rinsed well, patted dry, and cut into 1/2-inch pieces; 1/3 cup chopped cilantro | INSTRUCTIONS: With motor running, drop garlic into a food processor and finely chop. Stop processor and add onion, jalapeño (to taste), lemon juice, and 1/4 teaspoon salt, then pulse until finely chopped. Let stand at room temperature 30 minutes for flavors to develop. Peel xuxu if skin is tough. Cut xuxu off pit in slices, then cut into 1/4-inch-thick matchsticks. Toss shrimp with 1 teaspoon salt. Heat 3 tablespoons oil in a 12-inch heavy skillet over medium-high heat until it shimmers. Sauté shrimp until just cooked through, 3 to 5 minutes. Transfer to a plate. Sauté xuxu in remaining tablespoon oil in sk <END>
INPUT: chalfonte, Chicken, Kosher salt, all purpose flour, paprika, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chalfonte Fried Chicken | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 pounds Chicken, quartered; Kosher salt; 1 cup all-purpose flour; 2 tablespoons paprika; Freshly ground black pepper; 2 cups vegetable shortening or corn oil; 2 large onions, thickly sliced | INSTRUCTIONS: Soak chicken pieces in salted water (1 tablespoon of salt per quart of water) for at least 1 hour. Pat dry. Mix flour, paprika, salt and pepper in a large plastic bag. Coat the chicken with the seasoned flour mixture. Heat the shortening in a large deep skillet over medium-high heat to 360 degrees F. Toss the onions in the hot oil and fry until dark brown, about 12 minutes (the browned onions flavor the oil). Shake any excess flour from the chicken pieces then add them to the onions. Fry the chicken until it is crisp and brown on the first side, about 10 minutes. Turn the pieces of chicken ove <END>
INPUT: American, skirt steak, chili powder, cumin, garlic, Worcestershire sauce
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Spicy Skirt Steak | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: a 3/4- to 1-pound skirt steak, trimmed; 1 tablespoon chili powder; 1 teaspoon ground cumin; 1 large garlic clove, minced and mashed to a paste with 1 teaspoon coarse salt; 2 teaspoons Worcestershire sauce; 1 teaspoon sugar; 3/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 1/4 teaspoon allspice; 1 tablespoon vegetable oil; flour tortillas, warmed, as an accompaniment | INSTRUCTIONS: Prepare grill if using. Cut steak into large pieces to fit on a grill or in a ridged grill pan. In a small bowl stir together chili powder, cumin, garlic paste, Worcestershire sauce, sugar, pepper, allspice, and oil and rub all over meat. Marinate meat in a resealable plastic bag, chilled, 20 minutes. Grill steak on a well-oiled rack set about 4 inches over glowing coals or in hot well-seasoned ridged grill pan over moderately high heat 3 to 5 minutes on each side, or until just springy to touch, for medium-rare meat. Let steak stand on a cutting board 5 minutes and cut across grain on the dia <END>
INPUT: buche, noel, bittersweet semisweet chocolate, rum, Buttercream, Genoise sheet cake
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate Chestnut Buche de Noel | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 7 ounces bittersweet or semisweet chocolate, chopped; 1 small can, 250 grams, Chestnut Cream or Sweetened Chestnut Puree; 1/3 cup rum; Buttercream, recipe follows; 1 Genoise sheet cake, baked; Meringue Mushrooms, recipe follows; Sprigs of fresh Pine or Holly | INSTRUCTIONS: Place chocolate in a small bowl with 1/4 cup water. Set bowl in a pan of barely simmering water, stirring frequently until melted and smooth. Set aside to cool. Combine 1/2 cup, or more to taste, of chestnut cream into 1 slightly rounded cup of buttercream. Set aside. Assemble the Buche: Peel parchment liner from cake. Lift foil under cake and invert it onto a second sheet of foil. Remove the original foil, peeling away the browned genoise "skin" stuck to it. Moisten the cake with the rum, using a pastry brush. Spread chestnut buttercream evenly over the cake. Roll the cake tightly, the long w <END>
INPUT: Indian, spiced, Japanese eggplants globe, turmeric, olive oil, Kosher salt, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Eggplant and Greens With Spiced Yogurt | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 2 medium Japanese eggplants or 1 globe eggplant (about 1 pound), sliced crosswise on a diagonal 1/2"-thick; 3/4 teaspoon ground turmeric; 6 tablespoons olive oil, divided, plus more for serving; Kosher salt; Freshly ground black pepper; 2 large bunches hardy greens (such as kale or Swiss chard); 1/2 cup fresh mint leaves; 3/4 cup plain Greek yogurt; 1/4 teaspoon garam masala or curry powder; Lemon wedges (for serving) | INSTRUCTIONS: Prepare grill for medium-high heat. Toss eggplant with turmeric and 2 tablespoons oil in a medium bowl; season with salt and pepper. Toss greens with 2 tablespoons oil in a large bowl; season with salt and pepper. Grill eggplant, turning often, until tender and charred in spots, 5-8 minutes; transfer to a large bowl. Grill greens, turning often, until lightly charred in spots, about 2 minutes; transfer to a cutting board and let cool slightly. Remove thick ribs and stems from greens and discard. Tear large leaves into large pieces; transfer to bowl with eggplant, add mint and 2 tablespoons oil <END>
INPUT: strudel, layers phyllo dough, sugar, butter, cinnamon, granny smith apples
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cinnamon Apple Strudel | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 layers phyllo dough; 1/4 brown sugar; 1 stick butter; 1 teaspoon cinnamon; 3 granny smith apples, peeled, cored and diced; 2 tablespoons sugar; 1/2 teaspoon cinnamon; 1/2 cup raisins | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Stack layers of dough brushing each layer with butter before topping with next layer. Brush top layer with butter. In a bowl combine apples, raisins, sugar and cinnamon. Spoon filling down the left longside of phyllo rectangle. Fold top edge down and bottom edge up by about 2 inches to cover filling. Roll dough up along long side to enclose filling. Brush log with butter and sprinkle with cinnamon sugar mixture. Bake for 30 minutes or until golden and puffed. <END>
INPUT: glaze, jumbo shrimp, firmly sugar, butter, dark rum
OUTPUT: TITLE: Shrimp on Sugarcane with Rum Glaze | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 (12- inch) batons sugarcane, cut into 24 (5-inch long and 1/4-inch wide) skewers; 24 jumbo or extra-large shrimp, peeled and deveined; 1/2 cup firmly packed brown sugar; 8 tablespoons butter, cut into 1-inch cubes; 1/2 cup dark rum, (recommended: Mount Gay Rum); 3 tablespoons Dijon mustard; 1 tablespoon distilled white vinegar; 1/4 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1/4 teaspoon ground cloves; 1/4 teaspoon black pepper, or more to taste; Pinch kosher salt, or more to taste | INSTRUCTIONS: Trim off the ends of the sugarcane and cut them into skewers. Rinse the shrimp under cold running water and then drain and blot dry with paper towels. Skewer the shrimp on the sugarcane. Place the brown sugar, butter, rum, mustard, vinegar, cinnamon, cloves, pepper, and salt in a non-reactive saucepan and bring to a boil over high heat. Reduce the heat to a simmer and continue to cook until the mixture is thick and syrupy, about 3 to 5 minutes. Taste for seasoning, adding salt and pepper as necessary. Set aside a small amount of the glaze to be used for dipping the cooked shrimp. The recipe ca <END>
INPUT: Italian, porterhouse steaks, Olive oil, arugula, Parmesan cheese shavings
OUTPUT: TITLE: Porterhouse Steaks with Arugula and Parmesan Cheese | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 3 2- to 21/2-inch-thick porterhouse steaks (each about 3 pounds); Olive oil; 5 ounces arugula (about 5 cups packed); 1 cup Parmesan cheese shavings | INSTRUCTIONS: Prepare barbecue (medium-high heat). Rub steaks with oil and sprinkle lightly with salt and pepper. Grill until steaks are brown and crusty and thermometer inserted into thickest part registers 120°F to 125°F for medium-rare, turning every five minutes, about 25 minutes total. Using tongs, transfer steaks to cutting board; let steaks rest for 10 minutes. Coarsely chop enough arugula to measure 2 cups and set aside. Arrange remaining arugula on platter and sprinkle with oil, salt, and pepper. Cut meat away from bones. Slice meat thinly and arrange atop arugula. Sprinkle reserved chopped arugula <END>
INPUT: gazpacho, vegetable broth, size shrimp shells, cucumbers, tomatoes, jalapeno
OUTPUT: TITLE: Shrimp and Melon Gazpacho | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pint vegetable broth; 1 1/2 pounds 21 to 30 size deveined shrimp with shells on (you can use smaller shrimp if you like, but these are easy to clean and still economical); 2 cucumbers, peeled, seeds removed, and diced large; 2 ripe tomatoes, seeds scooped out (leave pulp intact) and diced large; 1 teaspoon minced fresh jalapeno, stem and seeds removed and diced (protect your hands and eyes and avoid breathing in the fumes of any hot peppers); 1 small red onion, diced; 2 tomatillos, diced; 1/2 cantaloupe, seeds removed, scooped from rind and diced; 1/2 honeydew melon, seeds removed, scooped from rind and diced; 1 fresh lemon, halved and seeds removed; 2 tablespoons chopped chives; Salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring the vegetable broth to a boil in a saucepan. You will be using it as a court bouillon - a poaching liquid for the shrimp. The court bouillon is not actually part of the soup. Poach the shrimp in their shells until just pink and remove to a platter to cool. (Shrimp cooked in its shell retains more flavor). While the shrimp are cooling, combine the cucumbers, tomatoes, jalapeno, onion, tomatillos, cantaloupe, and honeydew melon in a food processor and pulse to coarsely chop. Remove to a bowl and squeeze in the juice of the fresh lemon, being careful not to drop any remaining lemon seeds in <END>
INPUT: muffins, cubes Cornbread Dressing, cubes crustless sandwich, leeks, celery
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cornbread Stuffing Muffins with Ham and Sage | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 10 cups 1/2-inch cubes Cornbread for Dressing; 4 cups 1/2-inch cubes crustless firm white sandwich bread (from 6 to 7 slices); 1/2 cup (1 stick) butter; 2 cups thinly sliced leeks (white and pale green parts only; about 3); 2 cups chopped celery; 1 1/4 cups finely chopped smoked ham (about 7 ounces); 1/4 cup chopped fresh parsley; 4 teaspoons chopped fresh thyme; 4 teaspoons dried rubbed sage; 1 teaspoon coarse kosher salt; 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 4 large eggs, beaten to blend; 2 cups low-salt chicken broth | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350°F. Generously butter twelve 1/3-cup nonstick muffin cups. Divide cornbread cubes and white bread cubes between 2 rimmed baking sheets. Dry slightly in oven, about 5 minutes. Cool. Transfer to large bowl. Melt butter in large skillet over medium heat. Add leeks and celery; cook until soft, stirring often, about 10 minutes. Add ham; stir 1 minute. Add all herbs, 1 teaspoon coarse salt, and 1 teaspoon pepper; stir to blend. Add vegetable mixture to bread; toss. Add eggs and broth; toss. Let stand 5 minutes; toss again. Spoon about 1/2 cup stuffing mixture into each muffin cup. <END>
INPUT: croutons, Olive oil, Kosher salt, polenta, unsalted butter, cheese
OUTPUT: TITLE: Greens with Polenta Croutons | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Olive oil, for greasing the pan; Kosher salt; 1 cup instant polenta; 1 tablespoon unsalted butter; 1/2 cup grated cheese, such as Parmigiano-Reggiano; 1 tablespoon fresh rosemary, chopped; 2 tablespoons balsamic vinegar; 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 10 cups (5 ounces) mixed baby greens; 1/2 cup cherry tomatoes, halved; 2 tablespoons dried cranberries or currants; 1/3 cup crumbled Roquefort cheese | INSTRUCTIONS: For the polenta: Coat a 9- by 13-inch baking dish with a thin coat of olive oil. Combine 4 cups water and 2 teaspoons salt in a medium saucepan and bring to a boil over high heat. Slowly add the polenta, whisking constantly. Reduce the heat to low, bringing the polenta to a simmer, and cook, stirring occasionally, until thick, 5 to 8 minutes. Turn off the heat and stir in the butter, cheese and rosemary. Pour the polenta into the prepared dish and cool completely until firm. Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper or a nonstick silicone liner. Unmold the pol <END>
INPUT: Italian, seafood, cleaned octopus, water, Turkish California bay, basil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Seafood Spaghetti | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 2 pound cleaned frozen octopus, thawed and rinsed; 2 cups water; 1 Turkish or 1/2 California bay leaf; 1 (14- to 15-ounce) can whole tomatoes in juice, drained, reserving juice, and coarsely chopped; 2 tablespoons chopped basil; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 3/4 cup packed basil leaves; 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, softened; 1 pound spaghetti; 6 garlic cloves; 1/3 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 1 pound large shrimp in shell, peeled, leaving tail fan attached, and deveined; 3/4 pound cultivated mussels, rinsed; 3/4 pound baby squid, cleaned, bodies cut into 1/4-inch rounds, and tentacles left whole | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook octopus: Put octopus in pressure cooker with water, bay leaf, and 1/2 teaspoon salt and seal pressure cooker with lid, then cook at high pressure according to manufacturer's instructions 10 minutes. Put pressure cooker in sink (do not remove lid) and run cold water over lid until pressure goes down completely. Remove lid. Transfer octopus to a cutting board, reserving 1/2 cup cooking liquid. Cut off and discard head, then cut tentacles into 1-inch pieces. Put octopus in pressure cooker with water, bay leaf, and 1/2 teaspoon salt and seal pressure cooker with lid, then cook at high pressur <END>
INPUT: shanghai, pork, onions, eggs, soy sauce, Salt pepper taste
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lumpia Shanghai | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 lb lean ground pork; 3 green onions, chopped; 2 eggs, beaten; 2 tbsp soy sauce; Salt and pepper to taste; 20 lumpia wrappers, square; Vinegar Dipping Sauce, for serving; Sweet and Sour Sauce, for serving; 1/2 cup white vinegar; 3 garlic cloves, crushed; Salt and cracked black pepper to taste; 1/4 cup white vinegar; 1/4 cup soy sauce; 1/4 cup ketchup; 1/2 cup water | INSTRUCTIONS: Mix pork, green onions, eggs and soy sauce in bowl. Season with salt and pepper. Lay out one lumpia wrapper on clean surface. Spread 1-2 tablespoons of mixture in a thin line against the edge of wrapper. Roll tightly, very long and thin, leaving the edges open. Seal opposite end with water. Deep fry at 350 degrees until golden brown, about 3-5 minutes. Drain on paper towels. Before serving, cut them in half. Serve with sweet sour or vinegar and garlic dipping sauce. Mix together all ingredients. In a small pan combine vinegar, soy sauce, ketchup, water, sugar and salt, and boil for 2 minutes.  <END>
INPUT: scones, all purpose flour, sugar, poppy seeds, baking powder, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Almond-Poppy Seed Scones | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups all purpose flour; 1/3 cup sugar; 1 tablespoon poppy seeds; 1 teaspoon baking powder; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/2 cup chilled solid vegetable shortening, cut into pieces; 1/4 cup ( 1/2 stick) chilled unsalted butter, cut into pieces; 1/3 cup sour cream; 1 large egg; 2 teaspoons almond extract | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 400°F. Mix first 5 ingredients in processor. Add shortening and butter. Using on/off turns, process until mixture resembles coarse meal. Whisk sour cream, egg and almond extract in small bowl to blend. Add to flour mixture in processor and pulse just until dough forms ball. Transfer dough to lightly floured work surface. Press dough into 15 x 3-inch rectangle. Cut into six 3 x 2 1/2-inch pieces. Cut each piece diagonally in half to form 12 triangles. Place scones on heavy large baking sheet, spacing 1 inch apart. Bake until puffed and pale golden, about 15 minutes. (Can be made <END>
INPUT: filet mignon, oil, baby squash, Triple Mashed Potatoes, sweet potatoes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Seared Filet Mignon with Triple Mash and Sauteed Baby Squash | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 to 6-ounce filet mignon, cut into 2-ounce medallions; 1 tablespoons oil, for searing; 3 ounces baby squash, per serving; Triple Mashed Potatoes, recipe follows; 2 sweet potatoes, diced; 4 large Yukon gold potatoes, diced; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1-ounce chipotle pepper; 1 head garlic, roasted; 1 red pepper, roasted; 1/2 stick butter; 1/2 cup heavy cream | INSTRUCTIONS: Sear each medallion until desired temperature is reached. Remove from pan and reserve for service. In the hot pan, begin to saute the squash utilizing the fond (brown bits in the pan). Serve as a side for the filet. Serve with Triple Mashed Potatoes. Separate the sweet and Yukon potatoes into 2 sauce pots and cover with cold water. Season the water with salt and freshly ground black pepper and bring to a boil. Add 1-ounce of chipotle to the sweet potato water. Cook the potatoes until they are fork tender. Drain them and transfer into separate bowls. Add the garlic to 1 bowl, and the red pepper <END>
INPUT: glaze, cranberry juice, bacon, Brussels sprouts, shallots
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Brussels Sprouts with Cranberry Glaze | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 (8-ounce) can cranberry sauce; 1/4 cup cranberry juice; 1/2 pound bacon, cut into 1-inch strips; 2 pounds Brussels sprouts, cleaned; 2 shallots, sliced; 4 cloves garlic, smashed; Salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: toothpicks Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. In a small pot combine the cranberry sauce and the juice. Bring to a simmer over low heat, whisking until smooth. Remove from the heat and set aside In a large frying pan with a metal handle saute the bacon until crispy, then remove from pan to a plate lined with paper towels. To the same pan add the Brussels sprouts, shallots, and garlic and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Saute for 5 minutes over medium-high heat to give the Brussels sprouts a little color. Put the pan in the oven for 10 minutes. Remove from the oven and <END>
INPUT: nostalgic, cupcakes, cake flour, baking powder, salt, butter, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Nostalgic Popping Candy Cupcakes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 3/4 cups cake flour; 1 3/4 teaspoons baking powder; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 5 tablespoons butter; 1 1/4 cups sugar; 2 extra-large whole eggs; 3 large egg yolks; 2 1/2 teaspoons vanilla extract; 1/3 cup vegetable oil; 1/3 cup buttermilk, shaken; Popping Candy Buttercream, recipe follows; 8 tablespoons unsalted sweet cream butter, softened; 2 teaspoons vanilla extract; 2 to 3 cups powdered sugar, well sifted; 1 to 3 teaspoons cream, as needed | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line mini cupcake pans with cupcake liners. Sift together the flour, baking powder, and salt. Set aside. In a large bowl, cream together the butter and sugar until light and fluffy. Beat in the eggs and yolks, 1 at a time, and then stir in the vanilla extract. Stir in the vegetable oil. Fold in the flour mixture, alternating with the buttermilk. Fill the cupcake liners about three-quarters full. Bake until a toothpick inserted into the center of the cakes comes out clean, 8 to 10 minutes. Cool completely, and then frost with Popping Candy Buttercream and enjo <END>
INPUT: Italian, canola oil, cider vinegar, spicy mustard, Salt pepper, penne pasta
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Root Vegetable Pasta Salad | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons canola oil; 1 tablespoon cider vinegar; 1 tablespoon spicy brown mustard; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 8 ounces penne pasta, cooked and cooled; 2 to 3 cups leftover Roasted Root Vegetable Salad recipe, roughly chopped; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh parsley leaves; 1 medium onion, sliced | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. In a small bowl whisk together the oil, vinegar, mustard, and salt and pepper, to taste. Add the pasta and the leftover root vegetables to a large serving bowl. Stir in the parsley and the sliced red onion. Toss with the vinaigrette and refrigerate to let the flavors develop, about 1 hour. <END>
INPUT: Italian, gnocchi, brown, russet potatoes, all purpose flour, Parmesan, egg, Fine sea salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Gnocchi with Dried Apricot Brown Butter and Crispy Sage | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 4 large russet potatoes, unpeeled; 1 cup all-purpose flour, plus more for flouring; 1/2 cup finely grated Parmesan; 1 egg, beaten; Fine sea salt; Freshly cracked pepper; 1/2 cup (1 stick) unsalted butter; 12 dried apricots, julienned; 12 fresh sage leaves, julienned; Grated Parmesan, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: For the gnocchi: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Bake the potatoes for 1 1/2 hours on a baking sheet; this removes water from the potatoes in order to have lighter, less dense gnocchi. Let cool. Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Cut the potatoes in half and scrape the insides into a mixing bowl. Using a ricer or potato masher, mash the potatoes. Add the flour, Parmesan, egg and some salt and pepper and mix until smooth. Flour a clean surface and roll the dough into long strips. Cut 1-inch pieces and boil for about 1 minute, until the gnocchi start to float. Remove with a slotted  <END>
INPUT: Italian, sandwiches, tomatoes, nonfat plain yogurt, light mayonnaise, roasted peppers, basil leaves, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pita Sandwiches with Eggplant, Peppers, Tomatoes and Cucumber | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup nonfat plain yogurt; 1/2 cup light mayonnaise; 1 7-ounce jar roasted red peppers, drained, chopped; 1/3 cup packed fresh basil leaves, thinly sliced; 1 large garlic clove, pressed; Nonstick vegetable oil spray; 1/4 cup olive oil; 1/4 cup balsamic vinegar or rice vinegar; 1 1/2 tablespoons dried oregano; 2 eggs; 2 tablespoons water; Fresh breadcrumbs made from French bread; All purpose flour; 1 medium eggplant (about 1 1/4 pounds), unpeeled, cut crosswise into 1/4-inch-thick slices; 6 pita bread rounds | INSTRUCTIONS: for sauce: Whisk yogurt, mayonnaise, peppers, basil and garlic in medium bowl to blend. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Cover and refrigerate. for sandwiches: Preheat oven to 425°F. Spray 2 heavy large baking sheets with vegetable oil spray. Whisk olive oil, vinegar and oregano in small bowl to blend. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Whisk eggs and 2 tablespoons water in medium bowl to blend. Place breadcrumbs in shallow dish. Place flour in another shallow dish. Lightly dust each eggplant slice with flour; dip eggplant into egg mixture and then into breadcrumbs, coating completely. <END>
INPUT: ways, milk, chocolate, pure vanilla extract, Add
OUTPUT: TITLE: White Hot Chocolate 2 Ways | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 cups cold whole milk; 6 ounces white chocolate, chopped; 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract; Add-Ins:; Orange:; 1 tablespoon orange liqueur, such as Cointreau; Candied orange peel, for garnish; White Russian:; 2 teaspoons vodka; 1 teaspoon coffee liqueur, such as Kahlua; Whipped cream, for garnish; Crushed chocolate-covered espresso beans, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. For the base: Bring the milk and white chocolate to a slow boil in a small saucepan, whisking until the chocolate is melted and smooth. Remove from the heat and stir in the vanilla. Mix in add-ins as desired, and serve immediately. <END>
INPUT: straight, seedless watermelon cantaloupe, kosher salt, Crispy Prosciutto, mint
OUTPUT: TITLE: Melon and Prosciutto Straight Up | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 small seedless watermelon or seeded cantaloupe; 1 teaspoon kosher salt; 8 Crispy Prosciutto, recipe follows, for garnish; 8 mint sprigs, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Peel and cut the melon into large chunks. Put into a food processor, add salt, and puree until smooth. Put puree into a pitcher and refrigerator for at least an hour or until well chilled. Serve ice cold in chilled martini glasses garnished with Crispy Prosciutto and a sprig of mint. 8 slices prosciutto Place prosciutto slices into a cold non-stick pan in a single layer. (This will have to be done in batches.) Cook over medium heat until browned. Carefully turn the slices over and continue cooking until brown and crispy. The slices should be stiff when picked up. Drain on paper towels. Yield:  <END>
INPUT: Indian, jasmine rice, water, coconut milk, butter, curry powder
OUTPUT: TITLE: Shrimp Curry Rice | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups jasmine rice, rinsed; 4 cups water; 1 cup coconut milk; 2 tablespoons butter; 2 tablespoons curry powder; 1 pound (21 to 25 count per pound) cooked tiger shrimp, peeled and deveined; 2 Thai chiles, minced; 1/2 cup chopped greens onions; 1 cup medium diced plum tomatoes; 1 cup medium diced pineapple; 1/2 cup roughly chopped cilantro leaves; 1/2 cup medium diced papaya; 1/2 teaspoon ground allspice; Salt and freshly cracked black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Place clean rice, water, coconut milk, butter, and curry powder in a saucepot.* Bring to a simmer, cover and cook rice, for about 15 minutes, then remove from the heat and allow to steam, covered, for 5 minutes. Uncover and add cooked shrimp, chiles, onions, tomatoes, pineapple, cilantro, papaya, and allspice. Season with salt and freshly cracked black pepper, to taste. Gently fold all together. Allow all the ingredients to set and marry for 3 to 5 minutes before serving. <END>
INPUT: julep, ice, mint leaves, superfine sugar, soda, bourbon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mint Julep | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup ice, crushed; 12 fresh mint leaves; 1 1/2 teaspoons superfine sugar; Dash of club soda; 4 ounces bourbon; Splash of rum; 2 fresh mint sprigs | INSTRUCTIONS: Pour the crushed ice into a collins glass. In a cocktail shaker, add the mint leaves, sugar and club soda. Stir to dissolve sugar, pressing on the leaves to release their essential oils. Add the bourbon and rum and stir. Strain the mixture into the collins glass and stir again, garnishing with the mint sprigs. <END>
INPUT: dates, onions, mixed greens, olive oil, puff pastry shells, chervil, milk
OUTPUT: TITLE: Veal Sweetbreads with Dates, Maui Onions and Puff Pastry | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 cups mixed greens; 1 tablespoon olive oil; 4 cooked 2 1/2-inch puff pastry shells; chervil; 1 gallon whole milk; 1/4 cup carrot; 1/4 cup celery; 1/2 cup onion; 2 bay leaves; 2 tablespoons thyme; 1 tablespoon black peppercorns; 2 tablespoons salt; 3 pounds fresh veal sweetbreads (hearts only); 1 Maui onion; 2 tablespoons veal jus | INSTRUCTIONS: For the Sweetbreads: Dice all of the vegetables and place in a pot with cold milk. Add herbs and spice and rinsed sweetbreads. Bring to a boil over high heat. Once to full boil, cover and remove from heat, allow sweetbreads to cool completely in milk. Clean off any excess membranes and separate into 1--inch nuggets. Reserve, refrigerated, until needed. For Onions: Slice the onions into 1/4-inch wedges and toss them in liquid veal jus. Season well and spread on a non-stick pad. Roast in a preheated 275 degree oven until brown, but still crisp. Reserve at room temperature. For the Sweetbread Fri <END>
INPUT: Asian, chicken thighs, zest oranges, orange juice, honey, soy sauce
OUTPUT: TITLE: Asian-Glazed Chicken Thighs | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 8 chicken thighs; Finely grated zest of 2 oranges; 3/4 cup fresh orange juice; 1/4 cup honey; 3 tablespoons soy sauce; 2 tablespoons toasted sesame oil; 1 tablespoon minced fresh ginger; 1 tablespoon garlic; 1/4 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes; 8 ounces rice noodles; 4 scallions, thinly sliced, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. The day before serving, rinse the chicken and pat dry. Place in a bowl. 2. Combine the next 8 ingredients to make a marinade; toss with the chicken to coat. Cover and refrigerate for 4 to 6 hours, or overnight. 3. Thirty minutes before cooking, remove the chicken from the refrigerator and preheat the oven to 350°F. Arrange the chicken in a large, shallow roasting pan and season with salt and pepper to taste. Pour the marinade over the chicken. 4. Bake the chicken until it's golden brown and cooked through, basting frequently, about 45 minutes. 5. Meanwhile, bring a large pot of water to a b <END>
INPUT: Mexican, soup, chayote, canola oil, onion, garlic, ginger, wine
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tomatillo and Tamarind Soup with Chayote Salad | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons canola oil; 1 large white onion, roughly chopped; 3 garlic cloves, roughly chopped; 1 tablespoon fresh ginger, roughly chopped; 1 cup white wine; 1 tablespoon seedless tamarind paste; 1 pound tomatillos, dehusked; 5 cups chicken stock or low sodium canned broth; 1/4 pound butter, cubed; Sugar, to taste; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 Anaheim chiles; 2 tablespoons canola oil; 1 medium white onion cut into 1/2-inch dice; 2 garlic gloves, minced | INSTRUCTIONS: To make the soup, heat canola oil in a large saucepan over medium heat. Add the onion, garlic and ginger and saute, stirring until brown and soft, about 6 minutes. Add the white wine and reduce by half. Stir in tamarind and tomatillos. Saute another 4 minutes. Add chicken stock and bring to a boil, then reduce heat to low and simmer. Simmer soup until tomatillos turn from a dark green to a light green and are soft, about 20 minutes. Using a hand blender or a food processor, puree the soup mixture. Add the butter 1 piece at and time, blending again after each addition, to thicken the soup sligh <END>
INPUT: spritz, Prosecco other sparkling, strained orange juice, Cointreau, soda, Orange wheel
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cointreau Spritz | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 ounces dry Prosecco or other sparkling white wine; 2 ounces strained fresh orange juice; 1/2 ounce Cointreau; Club soda; Orange wheel | INSTRUCTIONS: Pour 4 ounces dry Prosecco or other sparkling white wine into an ice-filled large wine or rocks glass. Add 2 ounces strained fresh orange juice and 1/2 ounce Cointreau and top off with club soda. Gently stir together; garnish with half of an orange wheel. Pour 4 ounces dry Prosecco or other sparkling white wine into an ice-filled large wine or rocks glass. Add 2 ounces strained fresh orange juice and 1/2 ounce Cointreau and top off with club soda. Gently stir together; garnish with half of an orange wheel. <END>
INPUT: taffy, dark molasses, unsalted butter, vanilla extract
OUTPUT: TITLE: Molasses Taffy | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups dark molasses; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract | INSTRUCTIONS: Place the molasses in a heavy aluminum saucepan or unlined copper saucepan and bring it to a boil over medium heat. Boil until the molasses reaches the hard-ball stage on a candy thermometer (250 to 266 degrees.) Remove it from the stove and add the butter and vanilla, stirring to mix them in. Pour the candy out onto a well greased piece of confectioner's marble or a well-greased heavy platter or baking sheet and allow it to stand until the candy begins to get hard around the edges. Moisten your hands with ice water. Take a 1/2 cup size ball of taffy into both hands and pull it back and forth  <END>
INPUT: citrus, salmon fillets, Salt pepper, olive oil, balsamic vinegar, cornstarch
OUTPUT: TITLE: Citrus Balsamic Glazed Salmon | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 8 salmon fillets, 3/4-inch thick, about 1 1/2 pounds total; Salt and pepper; 3 tablespoons olive oil; 3 tablespoons balsamic vinegar; 1 1/2 tablespoons cornstarch; 1 tablespoon orange juice; 1 tablespoon brown sugar; 1 (14-ounce) can seasoned chicken broth | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Rub salmon with salt and pepper. Place salmon in 2-quart shallow baking dish. Drizzle with olive oil. Bake for 15 minutes or until fish flakes easily with fork. Whisk balsamic vinegar, cornstarch, orange juice and brown sugar in medium saucepan. Add chicken broth and heat to a boil. Reduce heat to a simmer, stirring until the mixture thickens. Arrange salmon on serving platter and serve with sauce. Serve over hot white rice, if desired. <END>
INPUT: olive oil, Salt pepper, Roasted Pepper Grits, Roasted Poblano Sauce
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chilean Sea Bass with Roasted Yellow Pepper Grits and Roasted Poblano Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 (6 ounce) Chilean Sea bass fillets; 2 tablespoons olive oil; Salt and freshly ground pepper; Roasted Yellow Pepper Grits, recipe follows; Roasted Poblano Sauce, recipe follows; 3 large yellow peppers; 4 tablespoons olive oil; 1 tablespoon unsalted butter; 1 large Spanish onion, finely chopped; 3 cloves garlic, finely chopped; 1 tablespoon chipotle puree; 2 (16 ounce) cans hominy, drained; 1 cup heavy cream; 1/2 cup grated white Cheddar; 3 poblano peppers, roasted, peeled, seeded and chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: Brush bass with olive oil on both sides and season with salt and pepper. Heat saute pan or grill pan over high heat until smoking. Grill, skin side down, for 3 to 4 minutes or until golden brown. Turn over and continue cooking for 2 to 3 minutes for medium-well doneness. Place a heaping mound of Yellow Pepper Grits onto 4 dinner plates. Place a fillet on top of each and drizzle with the Poblano Sauce. Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. Rub the pepper with 2 tablespoons of the oil and place on a baking sheet. Roast in the oven until soft and skin is blackened. Place the peppers in a medium bowl, co <END>
INPUT: syrup, each calf's liver, clarified butter, shallots, mission figs, Chinese vinegar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sauteed Calf's Liver with Fig-Chinese Vinegar Syrup | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 each calf's liver; 3 tablespoons clarified butter; 3 minced shallots; 4 black mission figs, cut into1/4 inch disks; 1/2 cup Chinese vinegar; 1/2 cup balsamic vinegar; Salt and coarse ground green peppercorn to taste | INSTRUCTIONS: Pre-heat hot a large, thick skillet. Season the liver with salt and green peppercorn. Add 1 1/2 tablespoons of butter and sear the liver until brown on both sides, about 8-10 minutes. I prefer my liver medium. Place livers on warm plates. Place skillet back on the heat, add shallots and brown, about 3-5 minutes. Season with salt and black pepper. Add figs and sautee for 1 minute. Deglaze with the vinegars and reduce by 50%. Whisk in butter and check for seasoning. Reserve in a water bath. <END>
INPUT: Asian, stir, sesame oil, Marinated Tofu, button mushrooms, carrot, baby bok choy
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tofu Stir-Fry with Fried Rice | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons sesame oil, divided; Marinated Tofu, recipe follows; 1/2 cup quartered white button mushrooms; 1 medium carrot, julienned; 1 baby bok choy, quartered; 1/2 yellow pepper, sliced; 3 scallions, sliced; 2 tablespoons soy sauce; 3 teaspoons oyster sauce; 2 eggs, lightly beaten; 2 cups cooked Short-Grain Rice, recipe follows; 1 package firm tofu, cut into 1-inch cubes; Red chili flakes; Soy sauce; Rice wine vinegar | INSTRUCTIONS: Place wok over medium heat. Add 2 tablespoons sesame oil once hot add marinated tofu and cook for 2 minutes, then add mushrooms, carrots, bok choy, yellow pepper and scallions. Stir-fry vegetables quickly then add the soy sauce and oyster sauce. Stir well. Within 5 minutes stir-fry should be cooked. Once satisfied with texture place mixture on a serving plate. In the same wok add the remaining tablespoon of oil and add the lightly beaten eggs. Scramble the eggs then add the cooked rice. Stir and fry. Serve with tofu vegetable mixture. In a medium bowl add tofu, red chili flakes, soy sauce and  <END>
INPUT: garlic, Tbs. STAR® Virgin, rosemary, salt, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Rosemary and Garlic Lamb Chops | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 5 garlic cloves; 3 Tbs. STAR® Extra Virgin Olive oil; 2 1/2 tsp. chopped fresh rosemary; 2 1/4 tsp. salt; 1 tsp. freshly ground pepper; 12 meaty lamb rib chops (about 2.5 ounces each) | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. Combine first 5 ingredients in a processor; blend until garlic is finely chopped. Coat chops with garlic mixture. Arrange chops in single layer on baking sheet. (Mixture can be made 8 hours ahead. Cover; chill.) 2. Preheat broiler. Watching closely, broil lamb 4 to 5 inches from heat source until cooked to desired doneness, about 3 minutes per side for medium-rare. Transfer 3 chops to each plate and serve. 3 Key Ingredients: STAR Extra Virgin Olive Oil, Rosemary, Lamb chops <END>
INPUT: American, peppercorns, pink peppercorns, Coarse salt taste
OUTPUT: TITLE: Bourbon Pepper Steak | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons cracked black peppercorns; 2 tablespoons crushed green peppercorns; 2 tablespoons pink peppercorns; 4 (8ounce) New York cut strip steaks, trimmed of all visible fat; Coarse salt to taste; 1 tablespoon olive oil; 2 tablespoons finely chopped shallots; 1/3 cup good Kentucky bourbon; 1 cup veal stock; 1/4 cup heavy cream; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter | INSTRUCTIONS: Mix the various peppercorns in a wide flat dish. Coat the steaks with the cracked pepper and season with salt. Place the olive oil in a cast iron skillet and heat one minute before adding the steaks. If necessary cook the steaks in two batches. Cook over medium heat 3 minutes on each side for medium rare. Place the steaks on warm serving plates. Drain the excess fat from the pan and carefully add the bourbon, away from the heat. Reduce the heat to low and reduce the bourbon until the pan is nearly dry. Add the veal stock, bring to a boil, cook 3 to 5 minutes, and finish by swirling the heavy c <END>
INPUT: Asian, cornmeal, turkey, sugar, all purpose flour, Jiffy corn muffin, kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cornmeal Bao With Turkey and Black Pepper Sauce | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons sugar; 1 (1/4-ounce) envelope active dry yeast (about 2 1/4 teaspoons); 2 cups all-purpose flour; 1 cup Jiffy corn muffin mix; 1 tablespoon kosher salt; 1 teaspoon baking powder; 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, plus more; 1/4 cup sugar; 3 tablespoons soy sauce; 1 green or red Thai chile, thinly sliced; 1 (1/2-inch) piece ginger, peeled, thinly sliced; 1 garlic clove, thinly sliced; 2 tablespoons dark or regular soy sauce; 2 tablespoons mushroom or regular soy sauce; 2 teaspoons unseasoned rice vinegar | INSTRUCTIONS: Cornmeal Bao: Stir sugar and yeast into 2/3 cup warm (100°) water in a small bowl. Let sit until foamy, about 5 minutes. Whisk flour, corn muffin mix, salt, and baking powder in a large bowl to combine. Stir sugar mixture into dry ingredients, then stir in 2 Tbsp. oil. Mix just until a shaggy dough forms. Turn dough out onto a work surface. Gently knead just until smooth (be careful not to overwork). Transfer to a lightly oiled bowl and cover tightly with plastic wrap. Let rise in a warm spot until dough is puffed and yields easily when poked, about 1 1/2 hours. Divide dough into 16 balls and  <END>
INPUT: forty, chicken leg quarters, virgin olive oil, celery, flat leaf parsley, tarragon tarragon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken with Forty Cloves of Garlic | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 8 chicken leg quarters; 2/3 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 4 celery ribs, thinly sliced; 6 sprigs fresh flat-leaf parsley; 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh tarragon or 1 1/2 teaspoons dried tarragon; 1/2 cup dry vermouth; 2 1/2 teaspoons salt; 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; Pinch of freshly grated nutmeg; 40 garlic cloves, crushed under a knife and peeled | INSTRUCTIONS: Wash the chicken legs and thighs and thoroughly dry with paper towels. Put the oil in a shallow dish or a plate and turn the chicken in the oil to coat on all sides. Reserve the unused oil. Lay the sliced celery in the bottom of a heavy casserole or Dutch oven (not uncoated cast iron) with a tight-fitting lid. Add the parsley and tarragon, then lay the chicken pieces on top. Pour the vermouth over the chicken, and add 1 teaspoon salt, the pepper, and the nutmeg. Pour the reserved oil into the casserole, then toss in all the garlic and sprinkle with the remaining salt. Put a piece of aluminum f <END>
INPUT: lollipops, lobe grade foie, Calvados, Kosher salt, pepper, truffles
OUTPUT: TITLE: Foie Gras Lollipops | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 lobe grade A foie gras (recommended: Hudson Valley); 2 tablespoons Calvados; Kosher salt; Ground black pepper; 3 tablespoons chopped truffles, of choice | INSTRUCTIONS: Slice the foie gras in 1/2-inch thick section crossways. Lightly season with Calvados, salt and pepper. Place in saute pan over medium heat until a light golden brown color develops. Flip and repeat on other side taking care not to caramelize or over-cook the foie gras. Pack the foie gras in the a terrine pan, season, to taste if needed, cover with plastic wrap. Press with 1 or 2 pounds of evenly distributed weight on top and let set for 72 hrs. Remove from terrine by using a hot bath and cut into 1-inch squares. Round off with hands, roll and lightly pack in truffles of choice. Place on a lol <END>
INPUT: French, salad, egg yolk, Dijon mustard, virgin olive oil, wine vinegar, tarragon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spinach Salad | CUISINE: French | INGREDIENTS: 1 egg yolk; 3 tablespoons Dijon mustard; 3/4 cup extra virgin olive oil; 1/4 cup red wine vinegar; 1 tablespoon finely chopped tarragon; Salt and pepper to taste; 1 bunch spinach, washed; 1/4 cup cooked bacon, crumbled; 1/2 cup button mushrooms, finely sliced | INSTRUCTIONS: For the dressing, begin by whisking together 1 egg yolk with 3 tablespoons Dijon mustard until well incorporated and fluffy. Next add the extra virgin olive oil in slow steady stream until all the oil is incorporated and the mixture is emulsified. Slowly add the red wine vinegar, and finish the dressing with the fresh tarragon. Season with salt and pepper. Refrigerate if not using immediately. To assemble the salad, combine the spinach, bacon, mushrooms and toss well. Drizzle the dressing over the top.; <END>
INPUT: Mexican, fiesta, canola oil, onion, cumin, oregano
OUTPUT: TITLE: Turkey Taco Fiesta | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 8 (6-inch) corn tacos; 2 teaspoons canola oil; 1/2 medium red onion, diced; 1/2 teaspoon ground cumin; 1/2 teaspoon dried oregano; 1/2 teaspoon paprika; 1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1 pound lean ground turkey breast; 1/2 cup bottled salsa; 1 avocado, peeled and diced; 2 cups shredded lettuce; 4 ounces nonfat pepper jack cheese, shredded; 1/4 cup nonfat sour cream; 4 lime wedges | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Place tacos on a baking sheet and bake for 10 minutes or until crispy. Heat canola oil in nonstick saute pan over medium-high heat. Add onion and saute until translucent, about 1 minute. Add all the spices and stir to blend. Add turkey and stir, using a spoon to break up the turkey and blend with the onions and spices. Saute until fully cooked through and no pink color remains. If any fat has rendered, drain and discard. Add salsa to the pan and stir to combine. Transfer mixture to a serving bowl, and serve with taco shells, avocado, shredded lettuce, cheese, sou <END>
INPUT: onions, wine vinegar, sugar, kosher salt, hot water
OUTPUT: TITLE: Smoked Trout, Crème Fraîche & Pickled Onion | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup thinly sliced red onions; 1/4 cup red wine vinegar; 1 tablespoon sugar; 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt; 1/4 cup hot water; 12 slices pumpernickel bread; 1 teaspoon lemon zest; 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 1/2 cup crème fraîche; 12 ounces smoked trout; Chervil or dill | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine onions, vinegar, sugar, and kosher salt with 1/4 cup hot water in a bowl; let pickle for 30 minutes. Grill bread slices. Combine lemon zest, freshly ground black pepper, and crème fraîche in a bowl. Spoon crème fraîche mixture onto toasts. Top each with about 1 ounce smoked trout and a few slices drained pickled onions. Garnish with chervil or dill. Combine onions, vinegar, sugar, and kosher salt with 1/4 cup hot water in a bowl; let pickle for 30 minutes. Grill bread slices. Combine lemon zest, freshly ground black pepper, and crème fraîche in a bowl. Spoon crème fraîche mixture onto  <END>
INPUT: American, Kosher salt, elbow macaroni, vegetable oil, breakfast sausage, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Breakfast Macaroni and Cheese with Sausage and Hash Browns | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: Kosher salt; 1 pound elbow macaroni; 1 tablespoon vegetable oil; 1 pound breakfast sausage, casings removed; 1 large yellow onion, chopped; 2 small green bell peppers, chopped; 2 1/2 cups half-and-half; 1/8 to 1/4 teaspoon cayenne pepper; 1 pound cream cheese, room temperature; 8 ounces sharp Cheddar, shredded (about 3 cups); 3 ounces Gruyere, shredded (about 1 cup); 1 1/2 cups frozen shredded hash browns, thawed; 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted | INSTRUCTIONS: Set an oven rack 6 inches from the heat source and preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add the macaroni and cook until it is al dente, about 6 minutes. Strain, reserving 1 3/4 cups of the pasta water. Set aside. Heat the oil in a large saucepan over medium-high heat. Add the sausage and cook until lightly browned, breaking up the meat with the back of a wooden spoon, about 5 minutes. Transfer the browned meat to a plate with a slotted spoon. Add the onions, 1 tablespoon water and a pinch of salt to the saucepan and cook until just starting to soften, <END>
INPUT: American, macaroni, egg, all purpose flour, milk
OUTPUT: TITLE: Macaroni and Cheese | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 4 cups dried macaroni; 1 whole egg; 1/2 stick (4 tablespoons) butter; 1/4 cup all-purpose flour; 2 1/2 cups whole milk; 2 heaping teaspoons dry mustard (more if desired); 1 pound sharp Cheddar, grated (not pre-grated cheese), plus more for baking; Salt; Seasoned salt; 1/2 teaspoon ground black pepper; Optional spices: cayenne pepper, paprika, thyme; 1 pound thick-cut peppered bacon; 3 yellow onions, halved and sliced; 3 tablespoons butter; 8 ounces gorgonzola | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Cook the macaroni until still slightly firm. Drain and set aside. In a small bowl, beat the egg. In a large pot, melt the butter and sprinkle in the flour. Whisk together over medium-low heat. Cook for a couple of minutes, whisking constantly. Don't let it burn. Pour in the milk, add the mustard and whisk until smooth. Cook until very thick, about 5 minutes. Reduce the heat to low. Take 1/4 cup of the sauce and slowly pour it into the beaten egg, whisking constantly to avoid cooking the eggs. Whisk together until smooth. Pour th <END>
INPUT: virgin olive oil, onion, celery, Kosher salt, spicy sausage
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sausage Cornbread Stuffing | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Extra-virgin olive oil; 1 large onion, small dice; 3 ribs celery, small dice; Kosher salt; 1 pound spicy sausage, casing removed, broken into bite-size chunks; 3 cloves garlic, smashed and finely diced; 3/4 cup coarsely chopped walnuts; 10 sage leaves, finely chopped; 3 sprigs rosemary, leaves finely chopped; 10 cups stale cornbread, cut into 1-inch cubes; 2 cups dried cranberries; 3 to 4 cups chicken stock | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Coat a large saute pan with olive oil, add the onions and celery and saute over to medium heat. Season with salt and cook until the vegetables start to become soft and are very aromatic. Add the sausage and cook until the sausage begins to brown. Stir in the garlic and saute for another 1 to 2 minutes. Add the walnuts, sage and rosemary and cook for another minute, then remove from heat. In a large bowl mix together the cornbread, cranberries, and the sausage mixture. Add chicken stock and knead with your hands until the bread i <END>
INPUT: breasts, chicken breast halves, marjoram, butter, olive oil, assorted wild mushrooms
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken Breasts with Wild Mushrooms, Marjoram, and Marsala | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 large skinless boneless chicken breast halves; 6 teaspoons chopped fresh marjoram, divided; 2 tablespoons butter, divided; 2 tablespoons olive oil, divided; 12 ounces assorted wild mushrooms (such as oyster, stemmed shiitake, and baby bella), thickly sliced; 1 cup sliced shallots (about 5); 3/4 cup low-salt chicken broth; 1/2 cup whipping cream; 3 tablespoons dry Marsala | INSTRUCTIONS: Sprinkle chicken breasts with salt and pepper, then 2 teaspoons marjoram. Melt 1 tablespoon butter with 1 tablespoon oil in large nonstick skillet over medium-high heat. Add chicken to skillet and sauté until just cooked through, about 7 minutes per side. Transfer chicken to plate; tent with foil to keep warm. Melt remaining 1 tablespoon butter with1 tablespoon oil in same skillet. Add mushrooms, shallots, and 2 teaspoons marjoram. Sauté until mushrooms are brown and tender, about 6 minutes. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Transfer to bowl. Combine broth, cream, Marsala, and remaining 2  <END>
INPUT: French, salad, poached chicken, celery, scallions, tarragon dill, parsley
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken Salad | CUISINE: French | INGREDIENTS: 4 cups 1-inch diced poached chicken, see recipe below; 1 rib celery, cut into 1/4-inch dice; 4 scallions, trimmed and thinly sliced or 1/4 cup sweet onion cut into 1/4-inch dice; 1 1/2 teaspoons finely chopped fresh tarragon or fresh dill; 2 tablespoons finely chopped parsley; 1 cup prepared or homemade mayonnaise; 2 teaspoons strained freshly squeezed lemon juice; 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard; 2 teaspoons kosher salt; Freshly ground black pepper to taste; 10 sprigs parsley; 2 sprigs fresh thyme; 1 small onion, cut in half; 1 small carrot, cut in half; 1 stalk celery, trimmed and cut in half | INSTRUCTIONS: In a mixing bowl, toss together the chicken, celery, scallions and herbs. Set aside. In a small bowl, whisk together the mayonnaise, lemon juice, mustard, salt and pepper. Add to the chicken and mix gently until combined. Refrigerate until ready to serve. In a medium to large saucepan, place the parsley, thyme, onion, carrot, celery, and chicken breasts. Cover with the broth. Bring just to a boil, lower the heat to a gentle simmer and cover. Poach the chicken over very low heat for 20 minutes or until firm to the touch. Remove the pan from the heat, uncover, cool in the stock for 30 minutes. T <END>
INPUT: cakes, granulated sugar, eggs, lemon zest lightly, all purpose flour
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lemon Cakes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 pound (2 sticks) unsalted butter at room temperature; 2 1/2 cups granulated sugar, divided; 4 extra-large eggs, at room temperature; 1/3 cup grated lemon zest lightly packed (6 to 8 large lemons - Use only fresh lemon juice and zest); 3 cups all-purpose flour; 1/2 teaspoon baking powder; 1/2 teaspoon baking soda; 1 teaspoon kosher salt; 3/4 cup freshly squeezed lemon juice; 3/4 cup buttermilk, at room temperature; 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract; 2 cups confectioners' sugar; 3 1/2 tablespoons freshly squeezed lemon juice | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Grease and flour 2 (8 1/2 by 4 1/4 by 2 1/2-inch) loaf pans. Cream the butter and 2 cups granulated sugar in the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, the key to great cakes is beating the butter and sugar until the mixture's until light and fluffy, about 5 minutes. With the mixer on medium speed add the eggs, (break the eggs into a dish before adding to the batter to avoid a bad egg or shells in the batter) 1 at a time, and the lemon zest. Sift together the flour, to make sure there are no lumps, baking powder, baking soda, and salt in <END>
INPUT: crusta, lemon, Superfine sugar, RInd lemon orange, Maraschino cherry, ice cubes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Brandy Crusta | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Cut lemon; Superfine sugar; RInd of a lemon or orange cut in a spiral; Maraschino cherry; 3 or 4 ice cubes; Dash Angostura bitters; 1 teaspoon maraschino liqueur; 1 teaspoon lemon juice; 1 1/2 to 3 ounces brandy, to taste; Slice of orange (optional) | INSTRUCTIONS: Rub the rim of a 4-ounce cocktail glass or wineglass with lemon and dip into sugar. Put the lemon or orange rind and the cherry into the glass. Combine ice, bitters, maraschino liqueur, lemon juice and brandy in a mixing glass and stir. Strain into the prepared glass. Add a slice of orange. Rub the rim of a 4-ounce cocktail glass or wineglass with lemon and dip into sugar. Put the lemon or orange rind and the cherry into the glass. Combine ice, bitters, maraschino liqueur, lemon juice and brandy in a mixing glass and stir. Strain into the prepared glass. Add a slice of orange. <END>
INPUT: provencal, water, Great Northern beans, onion, chicken thighs skin, olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Braised Provencal Chicken with Butternut Squash and White Beans | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 cups water; 1 1/4 cups dried Great Northern beans; 1/2 onion, cut into quarters; 6 large bone-in chicken thighs with skin; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 2 teaspoons minced fresh oregano or 3/4 teaspoon dried; 2 teaspoons minced fresh thyme or 3/4 teaspoon dried; 1 teaspoon minced fresh rosemary or 1/2 teaspoon dried; 1/2 cup dry white wine; 2 1/2 teaspoons minced garlic; 2 1/2 cups 1/3-inch pieces peeled butternut squash; 1 14 1/2-ounce can diced tomatoes in juice; 2 tablespoons minced fresh parsley | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine 6 cups water, beans and onion in large pot. Bring to boil. Reduce heat, cover partially and simmer until beans are tender, about 1 hour 20 minutes. Cool in cooking liquid. Drain bean mixture, discarding cooking liquid. Meanwhile, place chicken in medium bowl. Add 1 tablespoon oil, oregano, thyme and rosemary and toss to coat. Let stand 30 minutes at room temperature. Heat remaining 1 tablespoon oil in heavy large deep skillet over medium-high heat. Sprinkle chicken with salt and pepper. Working in batches, cook chicken in skillet until golden brown, about 4 minutes per side. Transfer t <END>
INPUT: Asian, granulated light sugar, vegetable oil, water, soy sauce, rice vinegar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Candied Sweet Potato | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup granulated or packed light brown sugar; 1/4 cup vegetable oil; 2 tablespoons water; 1 teaspoon soy sauce; 1 teaspoon rice vinegar; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 2 large Japanese-style sweet potatoes, about 1 pound total weight, unpeeled, cut ran-giri style into chunks; 1 to 1 1/2 tablespoons black sesame seeds, freshly dry-roasted | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine the sugar, vegetable oil, water, soy sauce, vinegar, and salt in a skillet just large enough to hold the sweet potato chunks in a single layer. Place over medium-high heat and bring to a simmer. Arrange the sweet potatoes in the pan in a single layer and cover with a circle of parchment paper to keep the surface moist. Lower the heat to maintain a very gentle simmer and cook for 2 minutes. Cover the skillet with a lid (keep the parchment in place) and cook for another 2 to 3 minutes, or until the potatoes are tender. A toothpick inserted into the thickest part of a piece should meet no <END>
INPUT: cake, frosting, vegetable oil, all purpose flour, sugar, wheat pastry flour, unsweetened cocoa powder
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate Cake with Chocolate-Orange Frosting | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Nonstick vegetable oil spray; 1 cup all purpose flour; 1 cup sugar; 1/2 cup whole wheat pastry flour*; 6 tablespoons unsweetened cocoa powder; 1 teaspoon baking soda; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 3/4 cup water; 1/3 cup vegetable oil; 1/4 cup frozen orange juice concentrate, thawed; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; 1 teaspoon distilled white vinegar; 8 ounces bittersweet chocolate (donot exceed 61% cacao), chopped; 6 tablespoons (3/4 stick) vegan "butter" (such as Earth Balance) or margarine, room temperature; 1 cup powdered sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: For cake: Preheat oven to 350°F. Spray 9-inch diameter cake pan with 2-inch-high sides with nonstick spray. Sift all purpose flour, sugar, whole wheat flour, cocoa powder, baking soda, and salt into large bowl. Add 3/4 cup water, oil, juice concentrate, vanilla, and vinegar and whisk to blend. Transfer batter to prepared pan. Bake cake until tester inserted into center comes out clean, about 35 minutes. Cool cake in pan on rack. Carefully cut around pan sides and turn out cake onto serving platter. Preheat oven to 350°F. Spray 9-inch diameter cake pan with 2-inch-high sides with nonstick spray <END>
INPUT: minced, vegetables, Boston lettuce leaves, hoisin sauce, chicken breast, cornstarch, wine
OUTPUT: TITLE: Minced Chicken with Vegetables in Lettuce Cups | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 large Boston lettuce leaves, washed and spun dry; 2 tablespoons hoisin sauce; 1/2 skinless boneless chicken breast, chilled (about 6 ounces); 1 1/2 teaspoons cornstarch; 2 teaspoons dry white wine; 1/3 cup canned water chestnuts (about 2 ounces), rinsed, drained and chopped fine; 1/2 red bell pepper, chopped fine; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 1 large egg white, beaten lightly; 4 teaspoons oyster sauce; 1 teaspoon Asian sesame oil; 1/2 teaspoon sugar; 1/4 teaspoon white pepper; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 2 tablespoons vegetable oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Brush inside of each lettuce leaf with 1/2 tablespoon hoisin sauce and chill. In a food processor pulse chicken until chopped fine. In a small cup stir together cornstarch and wine and in a bowl stir together chicken, cornstarch mixture, water chestnuts, bell pepper, salt and egg white. Marinate chicken mixture 5 minutes. Brush inside of each lettuce leaf with 1/2 tablespoon hoisin sauce and chill. In a food processor pulse chicken until chopped fine. In a small cup stir together cornstarch and wine and in a bowl stir together chicken, cornstarch mixture, water chestnuts, bell pepper, salt and <END>
INPUT: Asian, ceviche, coconut milk, ginger, horseradish, sashimi quality tuna, tomato
OUTPUT: TITLE: Coconut Tuna Ceviche | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 10 ounces coconut milk; 1 tablespoon chopped ginger; 1 tablespoon grated horseradish; 12 ounces sashimi quality tuna, cubed into medium pieces; 1 tomato, seeded and diced; 1 small red onion, julienned; 1 scallion, julienned | INSTRUCTIONS: In a pot, bring the coconut milk, ginger, and horseradish to a boil and reduce by a quarter. Strain and set aside to cool. In a mixing bowl, combine the tuna, tomato, and coconut sauce. Add salt and pepper, to taste. Place in a serving bowl and garnish with the red onion and scallion. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, stew, olive oil, Mexican chorizo Italian, onion, garlic, thyme
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chorizo and White Bean Stew | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons olive oil, divided, plus more for drizzling; 1 pound fresh Mexican chorizo or Italian sausage links; 1 large onion, thinly sliced; 4 garlic cloves, finely chopped; 1 sprig thyme; 2 15-ounce cans cannellini (white kidney) beans, rinsed; 2 cups low-sodium chicken broth; Kosher salt, freshly ground pepper; 5 ounces baby spinach (about 10 cups); Smoked paprika (optional); Ingredient info: Smoked paprika can be found at most supermarkets | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat 1 tablespoon oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Add sausage and cook, turning occasionally, until browned and cooked through, 15-20 minutes. Transfer sausage to a plate. Reduce heat to medium. Heat remaining 1 tablespoon oil in same skillet. Add onion, garlic, and thyme sprig. Cook, stirring occasionally, until onion is softened, 5-8 minutes. Add beans and broth and cook, crushing a few beans with the back of a spoon to thicken sauce, until slightly thickened, 8-10 minutes. Season with salt and pepper. Add spinach by handfuls and cook just until wilted, about 2 minutes. Slice choriz <END>
INPUT: fritters, all purpose flour, sugar, cinnamon, fine sea salt, baking powder
OUTPUT: TITLE: Apple Fritters | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/4 cups all-purpose flour; 3/4 cup sugar; 1 1/2 teaspoons ground cinnamon; 1/2 teaspoon fine sea salt; 1/4 teaspoon baking powder; 1/4 teaspoon baking soda; 3/4 cup sparkling water; 1/2 cup buttermilk; 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract; Zest of 1 large lemon; 2 cups olive oil; 2 cups vegetable oil; 3 firm apples, such as Granny Smith | INSTRUCTIONS: In a medium bowl, mix together the flour, 1/4 cup sugar, the cinnamon, salt, baking powder and baking soda. Add the sparkling water, buttermilk and vanilla, and stir until the mixture forms a batter. Let rest for 15 minutes. In a small bowl, whisk together the remaining 1/2 cup sugar and the lemon zest. In a heavy 4 to 5-quart saucepan, heat the olive oil and vegetable oil over medium heat until a deep-fry thermometer registers 375 degrees F. (If you don't have a thermometer, a cube of bread should brown in about 3 minutes.) Meanwhile, peel and core the apples, then cut into 1/2-inch-thick sli <END>
INPUT: sandwiches, Kosher salt pepper, beef short, Olive oil, carrots, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Short Rib Sandwiches | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 1/2 pounds beef short ribs; Olive oil, for searing; 3 carrots, finely diced; 3 cloves garlic, minced; 1 medium onion, finely diced; 1 cup red wine; 1 cup beef broth; 1 baguette | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 300 degrees F. Salt and pepper the short ribs. In a heavy pot, heat a couple tablespoons of olive oil over high heat. Sear the short ribs on all sides, about 2 minutes. Remove to a plate. Reduce the heat to medium high. Add the carrots, garlic and onion and begin to cook, stirring. After a minute or 2, pour in the wine and broth and stir to combine. Set the short ribs back in the pot, put on the lid, transfer to the oven and bake until the short ribs are tender and literally falling off the bone, 2 1/2 to 3 hours. Transfer the ribs to a board, then remove the meat from the  <END>
INPUT: muffins, unsalted butter, cornmeal, salt, baking powder, baking soda
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cheddar Corn Muffins with Jalapeño Butter | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 5 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted and cooled, plus 1 tablespoon, softened, for brushing muffin cups; 2 cups cornmeal (preferably stone-ground); 1 teaspoon salt; 1 teaspoon baking powder; 1/2 teaspoon baking soda; 3/4 cup corn, thawed if frozen; 1 1/4 cups well-shaken buttermilk (not powdered); 1 large egg; 1 3/4 cups grated sharp Cheddar (5 1/4 ounces), divided; 1 stick unsalted butter, softened; 1 fresh jalapeño, finely chopped, including seeds; Equipment: a muffin pan with 12 (1/2-cup) muffin cups | INSTRUCTIONS: Make corn muffins: Preheat oven to 425°F with rack in middle. Brush muffin cups with softened butter. Whisk together cornmeal, salt, baking powder, and baking soda in a large bowl. Whisk together corn, buttermilk, egg, and melted butter in another bowl, then stir into flour mixture until just combined. Stir in 1 1/2 cups cheese. Divide batter among muffin cups and sprinkle with remaining 1/4 cup cheese. Bake until puffed and golden-brown and a wooden pick inserted into center of a muffin comes out clean, about 20 minutes. Turn out onto a rack to cool. Serve warm or at room temperature. Preheat <END>
INPUT: potatoes, vegetable oil, quinces, coarse kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Maple-Roasted Quince and Sweet Potatoes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Nonstick vegetable oil spray; 1 pound quinces (about 2 large), peeled, cored, cut into 1/2–inch cubes; 1 (12–ounce) red–skinned sweet potato (yam), peeled, cut into 1/2–inch cubes; 1 (12–ounce) tan–skinned sweet potato, peeled, cut into 1/2–inch cubes; 2 teaspoons coarse kosher salt; 1/2 cup maple syrup, divided; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh sage | INSTRUCTIONS: Position rack in center of oven; preheat to 425°F. Spray large rimmed baking sheet with nonstick spray. Combine next 4 ingredients and 1/4 cup maple syrup in large bowl; toss to coat. Spread mixture in single layer on prepared baking sheet. Roast quince and potatoes until tender and beginning to brown around edges, stirring occasionally and turning sheet around in oven halfway through roasting, about 40 minutes. Transfer quince and potatoes to bowl. Mix in sage and remaining 1/4 cup maple syrup. Season with pepper. Serve warm or at room temperature. Position rack in center of oven; preheat to  <END>
INPUT: vanilla yogurt, honey, cinnamon, Assorted fruit
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fresh Fruit with Honey-Yogurt Dip | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups vanilla yogurt; 1/2 cup honey; 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon; Assorted fresh fruit (such as apples, bananas, pineapple and/or strawberries), cut into wedges or bite-size pieces | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine yogurt, honey and cinnamon in small bowl; stir to blend. Place bowl on platter. Surround with fruit and serve. Combine yogurt, honey and cinnamon in small bowl; stir to blend. Place bowl on platter. Surround with fruit and serve. <END>
INPUT: Asian, peking, duck, Sea salt, pepper, honey, Chinese five spice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Peking Duck | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: One 5 to 6-pound whole duck; Sea salt; Freshly ground white pepper; 6 tablespoons honey; 4 tablespoons Chinese five-spice powder; 2 tablespoons dark soy sauce; 2 tablespoons brown sugar; 1 tablespoon cornstarch; 6 tablespoons hoisin sauce; 6 tablespoons superfine sugar; 2 tablespoons sesame oil; 1 tablespoon dark soy sauce; 1 package Chinese/Mandarin-style pancakes, to serve; 3 scallions, sliced into long thin strips, for garnish; 1 cucumber, cored and sliced into long thin strips, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: For the duck: Prick the duck all over with a small knife or fork. Carefully pour hot water over the duck to rinse. Discard the hot water. Place the duck on a rack in a roasting pan and dry all over by patting it with paper towels. Sprinkle the duck with salt and pepper and leave it in the roasting pan until ready to cook. In a small bowl, mix together the honey, 6 tablespoons water, five-spice, soy sauce and brown sugar. Brush the duck all over, inside and out. Let dry for about 10 minutes and then brush again. Repeat this process until you have used all but 4 to 5 tablespoons of the glaze (re <END>
INPUT: Italian, ravioli, olive oil, shallot, garlic, wine, butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lobster Ravioli | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon olive oil; 3 tablespoons minced shallot; 2 teaspoons minced garlic; 1 1/2 cups white wine; 1 stick butter; 2 teaspoons chopped fresh basil; 2 teaspoons chopped fresh parsley; 1/2 teaspoon chopped fresh tarragon; Two 8-ounce raw lobster tails, shelled and cut into 1/3-inch pieces; 2 teaspoons lemon zest; 2 teaspoons lemon juice; 2 1/2 tablespoons all-purpose flour; 2 teaspoons kosher salt; 4 grinds freshly cracked black pepper; 48 wonton wrappers | INSTRUCTIONS: For the ravioli: Heat the oil in a medium saucepot over medium heat. Add the shallots and sweat until translucent, about 2 minutes. Add the garlic and sweat until fragrant, about 30 seconds. Deglaze with the white wine. Bring to a gentle simmer and add 1/2 stick of the butter. Stir until melted. Add the basil, parsley and tarragon. Add the lobster pieces and poach in the liquid until almost cooked through, 1 1/2 to 2 minutes. Stir in the lemon zest and lemon juice. Remove from the heat, transfer the lobster to a dish and set aside to cool. Reserve the liquid. Bring a medium saute pan to medium <END>
INPUT: etouffee, vegetable oil, andouille sausage, skin, Kosher salt, all purpose flour
OUTPUT: TITLE: Shrimp and Chicken Etouffee | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons vegetable oil; 1 pound andouille sausage, diced; 3 pounds skin-on, bone-in chicken thighs; Kosher salt; 1/2 cup plus 2 tablespoons all-purpose flour; 4 stalks celery, diced; 1 large onion, diced; 1 green bell pepper, chopped; 4 cloves garlic, minced; 1/4 teaspoon cayenne pepper; 4 cups low-sodium chicken broth; 1 pound medium shrimp, peeled and deveined; 2 tablespoons dry sherry; Freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat a large pot over medium-high heat. Add the vegetable oil and andouille and cook, stirring, until crisp, 4 to 5 minutes. Transfer to a plate. Season the chicken with salt, then add to the pot in batches to brown, 5 minutes per side. Transfer to the plate with the andouille. Make the roux: Remove the pot from the heat and cool slightly (there should be about 1/4 cup drippings; drain or add oil as needed). Return the pot to medium heat. Sprinkle in the flour and stir, scraping up the browned bits from the pan with a wooden spoon. Continue to cook, stirring, until the mixture smells nutty and <END>
INPUT: American, crusted, smothered, Vidalia Bermuda onions, unsalted butter, kosher salt, sugar, balsamic vinegar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Szechwan Pepper-Crusted Steak Smothered with Onions | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 pounds Vidalia or Bermuda onions, peeled; 2 teaspoons unsalted butter; 3/4 teaspoon kosher salt; 1/2 teaspoon sugar; 1 to 2 teaspoons balsamic vinegar; Fresh ground black pepper; 1 teaspoon Szechwan peppercorns; 1/2 teaspoon white peppercorns; 1/2 teaspoon black peppercorns; 1/4 teaspoon allspice berries; 1 1/4 pounds beef skirt, hanger, or strip steak or buffalo sirloin or shell steak, trimmed of all fat; 1 teaspoon vegetable oil; Kosher salt; Scant 1 teaspoon finely grated ginger | INSTRUCTIONS: To make the onions, slice the onions in half through the stem. With a mandoline or vegetable slicer or a thin sharp knife, cut lengthwise into 1/8-inch slices. (You should have about 6 cups.) In a large nonstick skillet, melt the butter over moderately low heat. Add the onions, sprinkle with 1/2 teaspoon of the salt, and toss to coat. Cover and cook until the onions have released their liquid, about 13 minutes. Uncover the pan, increase the heat to moderate, and cook slowly, stirring occasionally, until the liquid has evaporated, about 10 minutes. Sprinkle the onions with the sugar and continu <END>
INPUT: soup, butter olive oil, onions, Winter Vegetable Stock, Salt pepper, sherry cognac
OUTPUT: TITLE: Classic Onion Soup | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 stick butter or 4 tablespoons olive oil; 2 pounds yellow onions, peeled, thinly sliced; 6 cups Winter Vegetable Stock; Salt and freshly ground black pepper, to taste; 1 tablespoon dry sherry or cognac; 1 clove garlic; 6 (1-inch) slices crusty white bread; 1 cup grated Gruyere cheese; 1/4 cup grated Parmesan cheese | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 275 degrees F. Melt butter in a large saucepan over low heat, add onions and cook slowly, stirring occasionally, until onions are golden and tender, about 20 minutes. Add vegetable stock, salt and pepper to taste, and simmer for about 15 minutes. Stir in dry sherry or cognac. Rub garlic clove on each piece sliced bread and toast on a baking sheet until both sides are golden. Place bread in a casserole or in 6 individual ovenproof, bowls and ladle onion soup over top. Top with a mixture of Gruyere and Parmesan and place casserole or individual bowls under the broiler and to melt <END>
INPUT: frangipane, cuphazelnuts, sugar, all purpose flour, eggs
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pear and Hazelnut Frangipane Tart | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cuphazelnuts, toasted , loose skins rubbed off in a kitchen towel, and cooled; 1/2 cup sugar; 1/4 cup all-purpose flour; 3/4 stick (6 tablespoons) cold unsalted butter, softened; 2 large eggs; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; 1/2 teaspoon almond extract; Tart shell; 3 firm-ripe Bosc or Anjou pears; 1/4 cup apricot preserves, heated and strained | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350°F. Pulse hazelnuts with 1/4 cup sugar in a food processor until finely ground, then add flour and pulse to combine. Beat together butter and remaining 1/4 cup sugar with an electric mixer at moderately high speed until pale and fluffy. Add eggs 1 at a time, beating well after each addition, then beat in extracts. Reduce speed to low and mix in nut mixture until just combined. Spread frangipane filling evenly in tart shell. Peel, halve, and core pears, then cut lengthwise into 1/4-inch-thick slices, holding slices together to keep pear shape intact. Arrange pears decorativel <END>
INPUT: Asian, triangles, sesame oil, egg, wonton wrappers, sesame seeds, seasoned rice vinegar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sesame Wonton Triangles with Smoked Salmon and Wasabi | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup plus 1/2 teaspoon toasted sesame oil (such as Asian); 1 egg white; 8 wonton wrappers; 2 tablespoons sesame seeds; 2 tablespoons seasoned rice vinegar; 2 tablespoons chopped chives; 1 1/4 teaspoons wasabi paste*; 1 teaspoon minced peeled fresh ginger; 6 ounces sliced smoked salmon; Daikon radish sprouts or other small sprouts | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350°F. Whisk 1/4 cup oil and egg white in small bowl to blend. Place wonton wrappers in single layer on work surface; brush with some of oil mixture and sprinkle with half of seeds. Fold diagonally in half. Brush with more oil mixture; sprinkle with remaining seeds. Cut each into 2 triangles. Place on baking sheet. Bake until golden, about 13 minutes. Cool. Whisk vinegar, chives, wasabi, ginger, and 1/2 teaspoon oil in bowl. Cover each wonton with 1 salmon slice, then drizzle with wasabi mixture. Top salmon with sprouts, then fold salmon over sprouts. Top with more sprouts. Pre <END>
INPUT: gingerbread, all purpose flour, ginger, cinnamon, salt, crystallized ginger
OUTPUT: TITLE: Gingerbread with Vanilla Ice Cream and Exotic Caramel Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 1/2 cups plus 2 teaspoons all purpose flour; 2 1/2 teaspoons ground ginger; 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1 teaspoon salt; 3/4 cup chopped crystallized ginger (about 5 ounces); 1/2 cup (1 stick) unsalted butter, room temperature; 1/2 cup (packed) golden brown sugar; 1 cup mild-flavored (light) molasses; 1 cup boiling water; 2 teaspoons baking soda; 1 large egg, beaten to blend; Vanilla ice cream; Exotic Caramel Sauce | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 375°F. Lightly butter 13 x 9 x 2-inch baking pan. Sift 2 1/2 cups flour, ground ginger, cinnamon and salt into medium bowl. Mix crystallized ginger with 2 teaspoons flour in small bowl. Using electric mixer, beat butter in large bowl until fluffy. Add brown sugar and beat until mixture is light and fluffy. Mix molasses, 1 cup boiling water and baking soda in another medium bowl to blend. Stir into butter mixture. Stir in dry ingredients, then egg and crystallized ginger mixture. Pour batter into prepared pan. Bake cake 15 minutes. Reduce oven temperature to 350°F and bake cake  <END>
INPUT: granulated sugar, water, pear, slivered almonds, vanilla bean
OUTPUT: TITLE: Stuffed Tomatoes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup granulated sugar; 1/4 cup water; 1 pear, ripe but firm, peeled and diced; 3 tablespoons slivered almonds; 1 vanilla bean; 6 red tomatoes, top removed like a "hat", the pulp scooped out and reserved; 1 lemon, zested; 1/2 orange, zested; 1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 8 mint leaves, stemmed and finely chopped; 2 1/2 cups orange juice; 1 whole piece star anise; 6 generous scoops vanilla ice cream | INSTRUCTIONS: In a medium skillet, heat sugar with water. Heat until it melts and becomes a caramel. In a medium bowl, mix together the pears and the almonds. Split the vanilla bean lengthwise and scrape the insides into the bowl with the pears, reserving the pod. Add the orange juice and the vanilla pod to the caramel and bring the mixture to a boil. Add the star anise and reduce for 8 to 10 minutes. Add the reserved tomato pulp, lemon and orange zests, cinnamon and mint to the bowl with the pears and add 1/4 of the caramel mixture. Stir to blend. "Stuff" the insides of the tomatoes with the mixture and to <END>
INPUT: Italian, olive oil, balsamic vinegar, pure maple syrup, grain style mustard, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sun-dried Tomato and Broccoli Pasta | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons olive oil, divided; 1 tablespoon balsamic vinegar; 1 teaspoon pure maple syrup; 1 teaspoon grain-style mustard; 5 cloves garlic, finely chopped, divided; 8 ounces whole-wheat bow-tie pasta; 1/4 cup raw slivered almonds; 1 medium yellow onion, finely chopped; 2 cups broccoli florets; 1/2 cup sun-dried tomatoes in oil, drained and thinly sliced; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 1/8 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes; 1/4 cup shredded Parmesan | INSTRUCTIONS: In a bowl, whisk together 2 tablespoons oil, vinegar, syrup, mustard and 2 cloves garlic; set aside. Cook pasta as directed on package until al dente; drain, reserving 1/2 cup cooking water. In a large skillet over medium heat, toast almonds, stirring, 3 minutes; set aside. In same skillet, heat remaining 1 tablespoon oil over medium heat. Sauté onion, 3 minutes. Add broccoli and remaining 3 cloves garlic; cook, stirring occasionally, 8 minutes. Reduce heat to low; add tomatoes and vinegar glaze and cook, stirring, 1 minute. Stir in pasta, salt, red pepper and cooking water as needed to reach  <END>
INPUT: wild, springs parsley, lime, Salt pepper, shallots
OUTPUT: TITLE: Wild Mushrooms and Beef over Lentils | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 small springs of fresh parsley, chopped; 1 fresh lime; 4 pounds (about 2 roasts) beef shoulder (tender major), silver skin removed; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 shallots, finely minced; 2 cloves garlic, finely minced; 5 sprigs fresh thyme, leaves minced; 3 sprigs fresh parsley, leaves finely chopped; 2 fresh sage leaves, finely chopped; 1 tablespoon olive oil; 1 pound dried lentils; 1 tablespoon olive oil (to saute white onion); 1 white onion, chopped; 2 tablespoon unsalted butter; 1/2 cup (about 2 ounces) shiitake mushrooms, cleaned with a brush and trimmed | INSTRUCTIONS: Microwave lime in a small bowl to release essential oils and set aside until it is just cool enough to handle. Rinse beef to remove any blood residue and pat dry with paper toweling. Rub with salt and pepper and set aside briefly. Combine shallots, garlic, thyme, parsley, sage and olive oil to form a smooth paste. Rub into beef and let sit for a minimum of 2 hours. Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Heat oil in a large saute pan with an oven safe handle, and sear beef on all sides. Roast in oven until the beef reaches an internal temperature of 125 degrees F, about 20 to 25 minutes, so when you pu <END>
INPUT: Indian, smoothie, cashews, mango, banana, orange juice, coconut water water
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mango Smoothie with Turmeric | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup raw cashews, soaked in a cup of water for 4 to 6 hours; 2 cups frozen mango (one 284 g package); 1 frozen banana; 3/4 cup freshly squeezed orange juice; 1/2 cup coconut water or water, plus more if needed for desired consistency; 2 teaspoons peeled and chopped fresh turmeric; 1 teaspoon peeled and chopped fresh ginger, optional; 1 to 2 tablespoons raw honey; 1 tablespoon pure vanilla extract | INSTRUCTIONS: Drain and rinse the cashews. Blend them with the mango, banana, orange juice, coconut water, turmeric, ginger if using, honey and vanilla in a blender on high speed until completely smooth and creamy. (Add more coconut water if you prefer a thinner consistency.) <END>
INPUT: crusted, honey, olive oil, country bread, Salt pepper, slab bacon into, shallots
OUTPUT: TITLE: Red and Black Pepper Crusted Filet Mignon with Honey-Mustard, Horseradish, Mint Sauce and Frisee Sal | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons olive oil; 3 slices country bread, crusts removed and cut into 1/8-inch dice; Salt and freshly ground pepper; 1/2 pound slab bacon cut into 1/2-inch lardons; 2 shallots, thinly sliced; 2 cloves garlic, finely sliced; 1/4 cup white wine vinegar; 8 cups frisee, washed, dried and cut into bite sized pieces; 4 poached eggs; 4 (3 to 4-ounce) filet mignon; Kosher salt; 2 teaspoons ancho chile powder; 2 teaspoons coarsely ground black pepper; 1 tablespoon plus 1 teaspoon olive oil; 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat oil in a large saute pan over medium high heat. Add the bread cubes and season with salt and pepper. Cook until golden brown and place on a plate lined with paper towels. Heat a medium saute pan over high heat. Add the bacon and cook until golden brown. Remove bacon with a slotted spoon to a plate lined with paper towels. Add the shallots and garlic to the pan and cook until soft. Add the vinegar and cook for 30 seconds. Season with salt and pepper to taste. Place the frisee, croutons, and bacon in a bowl add the vinaigrette and toss to coat. Divide the salad onto 4 plates and top with a  <END>
INPUT: American, cobbler, buttermilk, Unsalted butter, peaches nectarines, plums, light sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Peach-Plum Cobbler With Buttermilk Biscuits | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: For the filling:; Unsalted butter, for the baking dish; 2 pounds peaches or nectarines, peeled, pitted and thinly sliced; 1 pound plums, peeled, pitted and thinly sliced; 2/3 cup packed light brown sugar; 1 tablespoon honey; 1 teaspoon grated peeled ginger; Pinch of kosher salt; 1/4 cup all-purpose flour; For the biscuits:; 1 2/3 cups all-purpose flour, plus more for dusting; 1/4 cup granulated sugar; 1 1/2 tablespoons baking powder; 1/8 teaspoon kosher salt; 6 tablespoons cold unsalted butter, cut into small pieces | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Butter a shallow 2 1/2-quart baking dish. Prepare the filling: Toss the peaches and plums in a medium bowl with the brown sugar, honey, ginger and salt. Sprinkle in the flour and toss to coat. Pour into the prepared baking dish. Make the biscuits: Whisk the flour, granulated sugar, baking powder and salt in a medium bowl. Cut in the butter with your fingers or a pastry blender until the mixture looks like coarse meal with pea-size bits of butter. Add the buttermilk and stir with a fork until a shaggy dough forms. Turn the dough out onto a lightly floured surf <END>
INPUT: Indian, split, soup, shrimp, cumin seed, cardamom seed, garlic, coriander seed
OUTPUT: TITLE: Indian Split Pea Soup with Seared Shrimp and Fresh Tomato Relish | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 12 large shrimp, peeled; l/2 teaspoon ground cumin seed; 1/2 teaspoon ground cardamom seed; 1/4 teaspoon finely minced garlic; 1/4 teaspoon ground coriander seed; 1/4 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1/8 teaspoon ground clove; 1/8 teaspoon salt; Pinch cayenne pepper; 2 teaspoons light vegetable oil (like safflower); 1 tablespoon unsalted butter; 1 cup finely minced onion (about 2 medium onions); 4 teaspoons finely minced garlic; 4 teaspoons finely minced ginger root; l teaspoon finely minced jalapeno (adjust to desired heat) | INSTRUCTIONS: In a bowl, toss the shrimp with the cumin, cardamom, garlic, coriander, cinnamon, clove, salt and cayenne pepper. Marinate refrigerated for one hour. For the soup: In a heavy-bottomed pot, melt the butter over medium heat. Add the onion, garlic ginger root and jalapeno. Saute for two minutes, stirring. Add the split peas, coriander, cumin, celery seed, cinnamon and clove. Mix well. Add the chicken stock, stir again, and bring to a boil. Turn heat down to low and simmer slowly, partially covered, for about one hour, or until split peas are just soft. You may need to add more chicken stock if th <END>
INPUT: late, summer, tomatoes, Parchment paper, olive oil, leek, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Late Summer Tomato Soup with Shell Beans, Squid Rings and Parsley | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 large tomatoes, cut into chunks; Parchment paper; 3 teaspoons olive oil, divided; 1 leek, thinly sliced; 1/2 medium onion, diced; 4 cloves garlic, sliced; 1/4 cup red wine; 2 sprigs oregano; 1/4 cup plus 2 tablespoons chopped flat-leaf parsley; 1/4 pound (1 1/2 cups) shelled beans (such as fava, lima or cranberry); 1/4 pound (3/4 cup) flat romano beans, cut into 1-inch lengths; 1 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/4 teaspoon cayenne pepper; 1/4 pound squid, thinly sliced; 1 clove garlic, finely chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat oven to 375°F. Sprinkle tomatoes with salt and place on baking sheet lined with parchment paper; roast 40 minutes. Heat 1 1/2 teaspoons oil in a soup pot over low heat. Cook leek, onion and sliced garlic 10 minutes, stirring occasionally. Add wine, raise heat to high and reduce 5 minutes. Place tomatoes, oregano, 1/4 cup parsley and shelled beans in pot and add enough water to cover vegetables by 1/2 inch. Bring to a boil; reduce heat and simmer, uncovered, 10 minutes. Add flat beans, salt and cayenne; simmer until beans are tender, about 30 minutes. Mix squid with chopped garlic and rema <END>
INPUT: Italian, saltimbocca, brown, butter, sage leaves, chicken breasts, Kosher salt pepper, prosciutto
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken Saltimbocca with Brown Butter Angel Hair Pasta | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 stick butter; 10 fresh sage leaves; 2 chicken breasts; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 4 to 6 pieces prosciutto; Olive oil; 1 pound fresh angel hair pasta; Grated Parmesan; 2 cloves garlic, minced; 2 lemons, zested and juiced | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat the butter and fry the sage leaves. Remove the sage leaves and continue to cook the butter until brown. Reserve. Pound out the chicken breasts and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Lay 5 sage leaves across each chicken breast and wrap in prosciutto. Cook in a pan over medium-high heat with olive oil. Flip once cooked through. Remove from the heat and let rest. Cook the pasta according to package directions. Remove from the water and toss with Parmesan, the reserved brown butter, garlic, lemon zest and lemon juice. Slice the chicken saltimbocca and place on top of the pasta. <END>
INPUT: Italian, pizza, dough, yeast, lukewarm water, wheat flour, all purpose flour, olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Whole Wheat Pizza Dough | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 package dry yeast; 1 1/4 cups lukewarm water; 1 1/2 cups whole wheat flour; 2 cups all-purpose flour; 1 tablespoon olive oil; 1 tablespoon honey; 1/2 teaspoon salt; Grated mozzarella cheese; Grated Parmesan cheese; Ricotta cheese; Sliced tomatoes; Sliced onions; Sliced mushrooms (chanterelles); Roasted red bell peppers, peeled, seeded, sliced; Calamata olives, pitted and sliced | INSTRUCTIONS: Proof yeast in a measuring cup with lukewarm water. In a food processor add whole wheat and all purpose flours, proofed yeast, oil mixed with honey and salt. Pulse processor to combine all ingredients. Then process until the dough forms a ball on the blade. Remove dough to a large oiled bowl. Cover with plastic wrap or a kitchen towel and let rise in a warm place for 45 minutes or until dough has doubled in bulk. Punch down dough and transfer to a floured board and knead briefly. Divide dough into 4 equal portions and roll each piece into a ball. Place the balls of dough, covered, in the refri <END>
INPUT: Indian, chutney, onions, currants, Sherry wine vinegar, ginger, peaches
OUTPUT: TITLE: Peach Chutney | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 4 green onions, chopped; 1/4 cup dried currants; 1 tablespoon Sherry wine vinegar; 2 teaspoons grated peeled fresh ginger; 1 3/4 pounds peaches (about 4 medium), peeled, halved, pitted | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine onions, currants, vinegar, and ginger in medium bowl. Cut peaches into 1/3-inch cubes. Add to onion mixture and toss to coat. Cover; chill at least 1 hour and up to 6 hours, tossing occasionally. Combine onions, currants, vinegar, and ginger in medium bowl. Cut peaches into 1/3-inch cubes. Add to onion mixture and toss to coat. Cover; chill at least 1 hour and up to 6 hours, tossing occasionally. <END>
INPUT: salad, Canary melon, Charentais melon, heirloom watermelon, kosher salt, fennel bulb
OUTPUT: TITLE: Melon Salad with Arugula, Fennel, and Marjoram | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 medium Canary melon, rind removed and flesh cut into 1/2-inch pieces (about 3 1/2 cups); 1/2 medium Charentais melon, rind removed and flesh cut into 1/2-inch pieces (about 3 1/2 cups); 1/4 small heirloom watermelon, rind removed and flesh cut into 1/2-inch pieces (about 1 cup); 1 teaspoon kosher salt, plus more for seasoning; 1 medium fennel bulb, thinly sliced; 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1 1/2 tablespoons moscato vinegar; 2 loosely packed cups baby arugula; 2 tablespoons fresh marjoram, large leaves torn | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. In a large bowl, combine the Canary and Charentais melons and watermelon. Sprinkle with the salt and toss to combine. 2. Add the fennel to the bowl. Drizzle the oil and vinegar over the melons and fennel and gently mix with your hands. Let the melon and fennel marinate in the dressing at room temperature for 10 minutes. 3. Add the arugula and marjoram to the bowl and toss until just combined. Season with salt. Transfer the salad to a large rimmed serving platter or shallow salad bowl. Pour any juice from the bowl over the top of the salad and dig in. 1. In a large bowl, combine the Canary a <END>
INPUT: barcelona, mayonnaise, tomato paste, hot sauce, pepper flakes, paprika
OUTPUT: TITLE: Barcelona Potatoes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup mayonnaise; 2 tablespoons tomato paste; 2 teaspoons hot sauce; 1/2 teaspoon red pepper flakes; 1 teaspoon paprika; Pinch salt and freshly ground black pepper; 3 large russet potatoes; 2 cups canola oil; 1 teaspoon salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Spicy Dipping Sauce: In a small bowl mix together all of the ingredients until well combined. Set aside. Peel and cut the potatoes into 1/2-inch cubes. Add the potatoes and salt to a large pot of cold water over medium heat. Bring to a boil, then add the potatoes and cook for 5 minutes. Remove from the heat and drain in a colander. Let sit out on the counter for 20 minutes to allow to thoroughly dry. Heat the oil in a high sided skillet over medium-high heat to about 350 degrees F. Fry the potatoes until golden brown on all sides. (Reserve 1 cup potatoes for Round 2 Spanish Tortilla recipe.) T <END>
INPUT: Mexican, adobo, tortas, garlic, plum tomatoes, Zest orange orange, cilantro leaves, canola oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Smoked Adobo Marinated Brisket Tortas with Horseradish Crema and Caramelized Onion-Tomato Relish | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 12 cloves garlic, chopped; 6 plum tomatoes, halved and grilled; Zest of 1 orange plus 1/2 cup freshly squeezed orange juice; 1/4 cup fresh cilantro leaves; 1/4 cup canola oil, plus more for grilling rolls; 1/4 cup red wine vinegar; 3 tablespoons ancho chile powder; 3 tablespoons pasilla chile powder; 2 tablespoons chipotle puree; 2 tablespoons dark brown sugar; One 6- to 7-pound whole brisket, with 1/4-inch layer of fat on top; 4 cups apple juice; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 8 to 12 soft white rolls, Mexican bolillos or teleras; Horseradish Crema, recipe follows | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine the garlic, grilled tomatoes, orange zest and juice, cilantro, oil, vinegar, chile powders, chipotle puree and sugar in a food processor and process until smooth. Place the brisket in a large disposable pan, add the marinade and turn to coat. Cover and refrigerate for at least 4 hours and up to 24 hours. Remove the brisket from the marinade 1 hour before putting on the smoker. Prepare the ceramic cooker: Remove the grill grate and ceramic plate from the cooker. Add the hot hardwood charcoal and scatter the soaked wood chips over the top. Adjust the cooker to maintain a temperature of 2 <END>
INPUT: scampi, bottles clam juice, heavy whipping cream, polenta, hot pepper sauce
OUTPUT: TITLE: Shrimp Scampi with Quick Preserved Lemon and Fennel on Polenta | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 1/2 8-ounce bottles clam juice; 2 1/4 cups (or more) water; 3/4 cup heavy whipping cream; 1 1/2 cups polenta (coarse cornmeal); 3/4 teaspoon hot pepper sauce; Coarse kosher salt; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 12 uncooked extra-large shrimp (8 to 10 per pound), peeled, deveined, butterflied, flattened; 1 cup finely chopped fresh fennel; 1/2 cup finely chopped plum tomatoes; 1/3 cup minced shallots; 4 teaspoons chopped Quick-Preserved Lemon; 1/4 cup Pernod or other anise-flavored liqueur; 1/2 cup heavy whipping cream; Ingredient Info: Polenta is sold at some supermarkets and at natural foods stores and Italian markets. If unavailable, substitute an equal amount of r | INSTRUCTIONS: For polenta: Bring clam juice, 2 1/4 cups water, and cream to boil in heavy large saucepan over medium-high heat. Gradually whisk in polenta. Reduce heat to medium-low. Simmer polenta until thick and tender, stirring constantly, 15 to 20 minutes. Add hot pepper sauce; season with salt and freshly ground pepper. Cover to keep warm (if polenta becomes firm, add 1/3 cup water and stir over low heat to loosen and rewarm). Bring clam juice, 2 1/4 cups water, and cream to boil in heavy large saucepan over medium-high heat. Gradually whisk in polenta. Reduce heat to medium-low. Simmer polenta until t <END>
INPUT: Italian, pesto, walnuts, Kosher salt, virgin olive oil, parsley, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Broken Lasagna with Parsley Pesto, Lettuce and Potatoes | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons chopped walnuts; Kosher salt; 1/2 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 2 cups fresh parsley; 1 clove garlic, smashed; 1/2 teaspoon finely grated lemon zest, plus 2 teaspoons fresh lemon juice; 1/2 cup grated gruyere cheese (about 2 ounces); 1/4 cup pitted green olives; 8 ounces fingerling potatoes, sliced 1/4 inch thick; 12 ounces lasagna noodles, broken into 2-inch pieces; 4 cups roughly chopped romaine lettuce or escarole | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Spread the walnuts on a baking sheet and toast in the oven until golden, about 5 minutes. Let cool slightly. Meanwhile, bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Puree the olive oil, parsley, garlic, lemon zest, lemon juice and 1/4 teaspoon salt in a food processor or blender until smooth. Add the gruyere, olives and toasted walnuts; pulse until coarsely chopped, about 1 minute. Transfer the pesto to a large bowl. Add the potatoes to the boiling water and cook until tender, about 8 minutes. Remove with a slotted spoon and transfer to the bowl with the pest <END>
INPUT: onion, olive oil, Salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Red Onion | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 large red onion; 1 tablespoon olive oil; Salt and pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the grill or a grill pan. Peel the onion and slice it into 1/3-inch thick rounds. Brush the onion slices with oil and grill over medium heat, until the onions soften and get grill marks, about 6 minutes on each side. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. <END>
INPUT: rodriguez, pork tenderloins, canola oil, Salt pepper, Guava Glaze, Orange Habanero Mojo
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Pork Tenderloin a la Rodriguez with Guava Glaze and Orange-Habanero Mojo | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 pork tenderloins (about 1 1/2 pounds each); 2 tablespoons canola oil; Salt and freshly ground pepper; Guava Glaze, recipe follows; Orange-Habanero Mojo, recipe follows; 1 cup guava jelly, or apricot jam; 1/4 cup Dijon mustard; 1/4 cup freshly squeezed orange juice; Salt and freshly ground pepper; 2 tablespoons canola oil; 1 small red onion, finely chopped; 4 cloves garlic, finely chopped; 1/2 cup fresh lime juice; 3 cups freshly squeezed orange juice; 1/2 habanero chile, seeded and finely chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat a grill to high. Brush pork with oil, and then season it with salt and pepper. Set aside a few tablespoons of the Guava Glaze for brushing the cooked pork. Grill for 4 to 5 minutes per side, brushing frequently with the Guava Glaze. Remove from the grill, brush again with glaze and let rest for 10 minutes. Slice into 1/2-inch thick slices, drizzle with the Orange-Habanero Mojo, and serve immediately. Whisk jelly, mustard, and orange juice together in a small bowl. Season, to taste, with salt and pepper. Heat oil in a small saucepan over medium-high heat.  <END>
INPUT: American, reduction, bottled pomegranate juice, sugar, salt, sumac, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sumac Skirt Steak with Pomegranate Reduction | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups bottled pomegranate juice (16 fl oz); 1 teaspoon sugar; 1 teaspoon salt; 1 tablespoon sumac; 1 teaspoon black pepper; 2 lb skirt steak; 3 tablespoons unsalted butter; 3 tablespoons finely chopped shallot (1 medium); 1/4 cup ruby or tawny Port; 1 teaspoon fresh lemon juice | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring pomegranate juice, sugar, and 1/4 teaspoon salt to a boil in a 1 1/2- to 2-quart saucepan over moderately high heat, then boil until reduced to about 1/3 cup, 20 to 30 minutes. Preheat broiler. Meanwhile, stir together sumac, pepper, and remaining 3/4 teaspoon salt. Cut steak into pieces to fit in a large shallow baking pan and pat dry. Transfer steak to baking pan and sprinkle evenly with sumac mixture, then let stand about 10 minutes. Broil steaks 3 to 4 inches from heat, turning over once, 2 to 3 minutes total for thinner pieces, 3 to 4 minutes for thicker pieces for medium-rare. Tran <END>
INPUT: fritters, Oil, eyed peas, eggs, salt, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Black Eyed Pea Fritters | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Oil, for deep frying; 1 1/2 pounds black eyed peas, cooked (canned works equally as well); 2 large eggs, beaten; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/2 teaspoon black pepper; 1/2 cup all-purpose flour; 1 small to medium onion, minced; 1/4 teaspoon baking soda; 1/4 teaspoon baking powder | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large, deep frying pan, heat about 1/2-inch of oil to 350 degrees F. Mash cooked peas in a large mixing bowl. Add remaining ingredients and mix well. Shape into fritters, whatever size you desire. Carefully add fritters to the hot oil and fry until golden on 1 side. Carefully turn fritters over and continue frying until golden on the second side and cooked through in the middle. Remove and let drain on paper towels. Serve. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, shaved, salad, Leaves from broccoli, virgin olive oil, lime juice, Kosher salt pepper, crumbled cotija feta
OUTPUT: TITLE: Shaved Broccoli Stalk Salad with Lime & Cotija | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: Leaves and stalks from 1 bunch broccoli (about 3 stalks), cut into batons; 1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil; 1 1/2 teaspoons fresh lime juice; Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper; 1/4 cup crumbled cotija or feta cheese | INSTRUCTIONS: Place the broccoli batons flat on a cutting board, then use a sharp vegetable peeler to shave the broccoli into paper-thin strips. Place the shaved broccoli and leaves in a medium bowl and toss with the olive oil, lime juice, and salt and pepper to taste. Gently fold in the cheese and serve immediately. Place the broccoli batons flat on a cutting board, then use a sharp vegetable peeler to shave the broccoli into paper-thin strips. Place the shaved broccoli and leaves in a medium bowl and toss with the olive oil, lime juice, and salt and pepper to taste. Gently fold in the cheese and serve imm <END>
INPUT: Mexican, garlic, Thai chiles, shallots, cilantro leaves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Buddha Chicken | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 4 (3-inch) pieces galangal; 24 cloves garlic; 8 Thai chiles, finely chopped; 24 shallots, roughly chopped; 1 cup cilantro leaves, plus more for garnish; 24 ounces coconut milk; 12 ounces sweet Thai chili sauce, plus more for drizzling; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 3 pounds skin-on chicken pieces, leg and breast only; 2 tablespoons canola oil; 12 ounces chicken stock; 1 recipe Buddha Chicken Chili Sauce, recipe follows; 3 ounces unsalted butter; 4 limes, peeled and sliced; Choi Sum, recipe follows | INSTRUCTIONS: In the bowl of a food processor, combine galangal, garlic, Thai chilies, shallots, 1 cup cilantro leaves, coconut milk, chili sauce and salt and pepper to taste. Pulse on high for 30 seconds or until mixture is a smooth puree. Place chicken in a bowl and pour marinade over chicken, turning the chicken several times to coat. Cover and refrigerate for 24 hours. Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. Remove chicken from marinade and pat dry. Season with salt and pepper. In a large oven-safe saute pan on medium high heat, add canola oil and sear chicken, skin side down. Let chicken cook, undisturbed, for  <END>
INPUT: American, crostata, all purpose flour, kosher salt, granulated sugar, unsalted butter, mascarpone cheese
OUTPUT: TITLE: Crostata with Apples, Walnuts and Gorgonzola | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cups all-purpose flour; 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt; 1 tablespoon granulated sugar; 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, cut into small pieces; 1/2 cup mascarpone cheese; 1 1/2 tablespoons lemon juice; 3 tablespoons ice water; 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted; 4 small Granny Smith apples, peeled, cored, and cut into 1/4 to 1/2-inch thick slices; 1/4 cup granulated sugar; 3/4 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice; 1 teaspoon lemon zest; 1/2 cup chopped walnuts; 1/3 cup crumbled Gorgonzola | INSTRUCTIONS: For the crust: In a food processor combine the flour, salt, and sugar. Pulse to combine. Add the butter and pulse until the butter is finely chopped and the mixture resembles a coarse meal. Add the mascarpone cheese and lemon juice and pulse a few times. Add the ice water and run the machine just until the mixture is moist and crumbly, but does not form a ball. Do not over mix. Turn the dough out onto a sheet of plastic wrap. Press into a disc, cover, and refrigerate for 30 minutes. For the filling: Place an oven rack in the lower third of the oven. Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Melt the  <END>
INPUT: Italian, crusty, herb, unsalted butter, garlic, Parmesan, rosemary leaves, thyme leaves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Crusty Garlic and Herb Bread | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup softened unsalted butter; 6 garlic cloves, peeled and minced; 1 tablespoon freshly grated Parmesan; 1 teaspoon fresh rosemary leaves; 1 teaspoon fresh thyme leaves; 1 teaspoon fresh oregano leaves; 1 loaf sourdough country white bread | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat oven to 450 degrees F. Oil the inside of the bowl of a mini food processor. Add the softened butter, garlic, cheese and herbs. Pulse until well combined. Slice the bread into 1-inch thick slices. You will need 12 to 16 slices. Spread the butter mixture onto 1 side of each bread slice. Arrange slices, butter side up and bake in the oven until lightly toasted, about 5 to 8 minutes. <END>
INPUT: Italian, olive oil, shrimp, garlic, hot pepper flakes, wine
OUTPUT: TITLE: Garlic Basil Shrimp | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1 1/4 pounds large shrimp (20 to 25 per pound), peeled and deveined; 3 garlic cloves, minced; 1/8 teaspoon dried hot red-pepper flakes, or more to taste; 3/4 cup dry white wine; 1/4 cup finely chopped fresh basil leaves; 1 1/2 cups grape tomatoes, halved; Salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Heat the oil in a large heavy skillet over moderately high heat until hot but not smoking, then saute shrimp, turning over once, until just cooked through, about 2 minutes. Transfer with a slotted spoon to a large bowl. Add garlic and red pepper flakes to the oil remaining in skillet and cook until fragrant, 30 seconds. Add wine and cook over high heat, stirring occasionally, for 3 minutes. Stir in basil and tomatoes and season the sauce with salt and freshly ground black pepper, to taste. Return the shrimp to pan and cook just until heated through. Excellent sou <END>
INPUT: vegetables, parsnips, garlic, Yukon Gold potatoes, celery root, kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Smashed Root Vegetables | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 parsnips, peeled, cut into 1-inch pieces (about 2 1/4 cups); 2 cloves garlic, smashed; 2 Yukon Gold potatoes, peeled, cut into 1-inch cubes (about 2 cups); 1 celery root, peeled, cut into 1-inch cubes (about 2 cups); 1 teaspoon kosher salt, plus 2 tablespoons for the cooking water; Zest of 1 small lemon; 1/2 teaspoon chopped fresh thyme; 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 1/4 cup freshly grated Parmesan | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Place the parsnips, garlic, potatoes and celery root in a large pot. Cover with cold water by one inch and add the 2 tablespoons salt. Bring to a boil over high heat. Reduce the heat to medium and simmer until the vegetables are tender, 10 to 15 minutes. Drain well, then return the cooked vegetables to the pot. Using a wooden spoon, stir the vegetables over medium heat to remove some of the excess moisture, about 4 minutes. With a large fork or potato masher, lightly mash the vegetables. Off the heat, add the 1 teaspoon salt and the lemon zest, thyme, olive oil a <END>
INPUT: Asian, sherbet, strained ruby grapefruit, sugar, ginger juices, grapefruit peel, light corn syrup
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grapefruit-Ginger Sherbet | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 3 cups strained fresh ruby-red grapefruit juice, divided; 3/4 cup sugar; 1/4 cup grated peeled fresh ginger with juices; 1 tablespoon grated grapefruit peel; 1/4 cup light corn syrup; 1 cup buttermilk; 1/2 cup whipping cream | INSTRUCTIONS: Stir 1 cup grapefruit juice, sugar, ginger with juices, and grapefruit peel in heavy medium saucepan over medium-high heat until sugar dissolves. Bring to boil; remove from heat. Cool 30 minutes. Whisk corn syrup, then buttermilk into ginger mixture. Stir in remaining 2 cups juice. Strain mixture into large bowl, pressing on solids to extract juices. Process in ice cream maker according to manufacturer's instructions. When sherbet is softly set, gradually pour in cream. Process 5 minutes longer to blend well. Transfer sherbet to container; cover and freeze. Stir 1 cup grapefruit juice, sugar,  <END>
INPUT: strawberry, strawberries, powdered sugar, orange peel
OUTPUT: TITLE: Strawberry Butter | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 10-ounce package frozen sweetened strawberries, thawed; 1 cup (2 sticks) unsweetened butter, room temperature; 3/4 cup powdered sugar; 1 1/2 teaspoons grated orange peel | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine all ingredients in processor. Blend until smooth, scraping bowl occasionally, about 5 minutes. Transfer strawberry butter to medium bowl. Cover and chill. (Can be made 5 days ahead. Keep chilled. Bring to room temperature before serving.) Combine all ingredients in processor. Blend until smooth, scraping bowl occasionally, about 5 minutes. Transfer strawberry butter to medium bowl. Cover and chill. (Can be made 5 days ahead. Keep chilled. Bring to room temperature before serving.) <END>
INPUT: Indian, seafood, stew, Thai curry paste, unsweetened coconut milk, water, purchased broccoli slaw, uncooked shrimp
OUTPUT: TITLE: Thai-Curry Seafood Stew | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon Thai red curry paste; 2 1/2 cups canned unsweetened coconut milk; 1 cup water; 1 1/2 cups purchased broccoli slaw; 1/2 pound uncooked shrimp, peeled, deveined; 1/2 pound sea scallops; 1 pound mussels, scrubbed; 1/2 cup chopped fresh basil; 2 tablespoons fresh lime juice; 2 tablespoons fish sauce (nam pla; optional); 2 cups hot cooked jasmine rice or medium-grain rice (2/3 cup raw) | INSTRUCTIONS: Place curry paste in large pot. Whisk in 1/2 cup coconut milk. Bring to boil; boil 1 minute. Stir in remaining 2 cups coconut milk and 1 cup water. Add broccoli slaw, shrimp, and scallops. Top with mussels. Return to boil. Reduce heat to low; cover and simmer until mussels open and seafood is cooked, about 3 minutes. Discard unopened mussels. Add basil, lime juice, and fish sauce, if desired. Season with salt and pepper. Press hot rice into four 2/3-cup custard cups, dividing equally. Invert cups to unmold rice into 4 bowls. Spoon stew around rice and serve. Place curry paste in large pot. Whi <END>
INPUT: Mexican, salad, vegetable oil, squid, Kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Squid Salad with Cucumber, Watercress, and Cilantro | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, plus more for grill; 1 pound squid (bodies and tentacles), cleaned; Kosher salt, freshly ground pepper; 2 tablespoons (or more) unseasoned rice vinegar; 1 tablespoon (or more) chili oil; 2 Persian cucumbers or 1 English hothouse cucumber, thinly sliced lengthwise; 1/2 bunch watercress, thick stems trimmed (about 2 cups); 1/2 bunch cilantro, thick stems trimmed (about 1 cup) | INSTRUCTIONS: Prepare grill for medium-high heat; oil grate. Toss squid with 1 tablespoon oil in a large bowl; season with salt and pepper. Grill squid, turning occasionally, until lightly charred and cooked through, about 4 minutes. Transfer squid to a cutting board and slice bodies into bite-size pieces. Toss squid with vinegar and chili oil in a clean large bowl. Add cucumbers, watercress, and cilantro and toss to combine. Taste and adjust seasoning with salt, pepper, and more vinegar and chili oil, if desired. Prepare grill for medium-high heat; oil grate. Toss squid with 1 tablespoon oil in a large bow <END>
INPUT: American, custard, round refrigerated pie, beefsteak tomatoes, Kosher salt, unsalted butter, corn
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tomato and Corn Custard Pie | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 round refrigerated pie dough (half of a 14-ounce package); 2 beefsteak tomatoes (about 12 ounces); Kosher salt; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 2 ears of corn, kernels cut off (1 to 1 1/2 cups); 1 cup heavy cream; 3 large eggs, lightly beaten; 6 scallions, chopped; 1 cup grated sharp cheddar cheese (about 4 ounces); Freshly ground black pepper; 1/2 cup panko breadcrumbs; 1 teaspoon chopped fresh thyme; 1/2 teaspoon paprika; Pinch of cayenne pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Position racks in the middle and upper third of the oven and preheat to 350 degrees F. Line a 9-inch pie plate with the dough, crimping the edge with your fingers. Poke the bottom of the crust all over with a fork. Line with foil and fill with pie weights or dried beans. Bake on the middle rack until golden around the edge, about 20 minutes. Remove the foil and weights; continue baking until golden all over, about 10 more minutes. Meanwhile, core the tomatoes and cut into 1/2-inch wedges; toss with 1 1/2 teaspoons salt. Spread the tomatoes in a single layer on paper towels to drain until ready <END>
INPUT: grain, porridge, spelt, Kosher salt, Parmesan, unsalted butter, olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Alt-Grain Porridge With Sausages and Grapes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup spelt, wheat berries, or barley; Kosher salt, freshly ground pepper; 1 ounce Parmesan, grated (about 1 cup); 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1 tablespoon olive oil; 4 sweet Italian sausages; 1 cup red grapes; 1/2 cup fruity red wine; 1 tablespoon red wine vinegar; 2 sprigs thyme; 1 tablespoon unsalted butter; Kosher salt, freshly ground pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Porridge: Pulse spelt in a blender or food processor until coarsely chopped (all of the grains should be broken open but not ground to a powder). Combine spelt and 4 cups water in a large saucepan over medium-high; season with salt and pepper. Bring to a boil, reduce heat, and simmer, whisking occasionally, until spelt is tender and mixture is thick, 25–35 minutes. Whisk in Parmesan and butter. Add water by tablespoonfuls if needed to loosen. Pulse spelt in a blender or food processor until coarsely chopped (all of the grains should be broken open but not ground to a powder). Combine spelt and <END>
INPUT: john, broccoli crowns, olive oil, butter, kosher salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: John's Broccoli | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1-1/2 pounds broccoli crowns; 1 tablespoon olive oil; 2 tablespoon butter; kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Put a pot (large enough to fit broccoli) of water on to boil. Break broccoli into florets. When the water is boiling, add a handful of kosher salt, and then the broccoli florets. Return to a boil, and cook until florets are just tender. Drain in a colander and set aside. Just before serving, heat the olive oil on medium high in a large skillet. When the oil is hot, add the butter, as soon as butter foams, add the broccoli, season generously with salt and pepper and cook, tossing just until seasonings are distributed and the broccoli is heated through. Serve. <END>
INPUT: American, maida, unsalted butter, Granny Smith apples, Golden Delicious apples, sugar, cinnamon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Maida's Big Apple Pie | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 stick unsalted butter; 2 1/2 pounds Granny Smith apples, peeled, cored and sliced; 2 1/2 pounds Golden Delicious apples, peeled, cored and sliced; 1 cup sugar; 1 teaspoon cinnamon; Egg Wash: 1 egg well beaten with a pinch of salt; Sugar for sprinkling the pie before baking; Equipment: One large, round pizza pan, 12 to 14 inches in diameter, buttered | INSTRUCTIONS: For the filling, melt the butter in a large pan with a cover. Add apples and sprinkle with the sugar and cinnamon. Cover pan and cook over medium heat for 5 minutes, until apples have exuded juices. Uncover and continue cooking, stirring occasionally, until apples are tender. About a third will have disintegrated, and the rest of the apple slices should remain intact. Cool the filling. May be made several days in advance and stored, covered, in the refrigerator. To form the pie, preheat the oven to 375 degrees and set a rack in the lowest level. Roll dough to about a 16-inch diameter and cente <END>
INPUT: granola, bars, rolled quick oats, roasted peanuts, raisins, sunflower seeds
OUTPUT: TITLE: Peanut-Raisin Granola Bars | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Cooking spray; 2 1/2 cups rolled or quick-cooking oats; 1 cup dry-roasted peanuts; 1 cup raisins; 1 cup sunflower seeds; 1 1/2 teaspoons ground cinnamon; 1 14-ounce can sweetened condensed milk; 1 stick unsalted butter, melted | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 325. Line a 15-by-10-inch rimmed baking sheet with foil and coat with cooking spray. Mix the oats, peanuts, raisins, seeds, cinnamon, condensed milk and butter in a bowl. Spread evenly on the baking sheet and bake until golden, about 45 minutes. Cool slightly, then lift off the baking sheet using the foil and invert onto a cutting board. Peel off the foil and cut into bars. Wrap individually in plastic wrap. Photograph by Levi Brown <END>
INPUT: Italian, sweet potatoes, Idaho potatoes, eggs, all purpose flour, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sweet Potato Gnocchi | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 4 sweet potatoes; 4 Idaho potatoes; 3 eggs; 2 1/2 cups all-purpose flour (plus more for rolling out gnocchi); 2 tablespoons salt; 1 teaspoon ground black pepper; Olive oil, for sauteeing; 2 pounds pork butt, recipe follows; 2 cups gnocchi, blanched; 1 cup pearl onions, blanched and peeled; 2 red bell peppers, roasted, peeled and julienned; 2 cups braise liquid reduction, recipe follows; 1 to 2 teaspoons orange zest; Salt and pepper; 1 cup whole almonds, toasted | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Roast the sweet potatoes until tender, approximately 20 to 30 minutes. Set aside to cool. Boil the Idaho potatoes until a knife pierces them easily. After all of the potatoes have cooled, peel and grate them. In a bowl, combine all the potatoes, by mixer or by hand, with the eggs, flour, salt and pepper. Mix only enough to incorporate all of the ingredients, and do not overmix. To test, take a small portion of the dough with floured hands, form into a ball, and blanch in boiling salted water. When it floats, remove, taste, and adjust seasoning. Proceed with s <END>
INPUT: salad, beet, slightly underripe Comice, gorgonzola dolce, mint
OUTPUT: TITLE: Raw Beet, Pear and Gorgonzola Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 medium yellow beet, scrubbed well; 1 medium red beet, scrubbed well; 1 slightly underripe Comice pear; 2 to 3 ounces gorgonzola dolce, broken up into small pieces; 2 sprigs fresh mint, leaves picked; 1/3 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 1 lemon, juiced; 3 sprigs fresh thyme, leaves picked; 1 sprig fresh mint, leaves picked; Salt; Freshly ground pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: For the salad: Using a mandoline, slice the beets paper thin and arrange artfully on a platter. Core the pear and slice into thin lengthwise slices with a knife. Arrange the pears in fans on top of the beets. Add the gorgonzola dolce and garnish with whole mint leaves. For the dressing: Combine the extra-virgin olive oil and lemon juice in a small bowl. Mince the thyme and the mint leaves together and add to the bowl. Season with salt and pepper. Whisk to combine. Dress the salad right before serving. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, bread, cornmeal, all purpose flour, sugar, baking powder, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chorizo Corn Bread Stuffing | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cups yellow cornmeal; 1 cup all-purpose flour; 1/4 cup sugar; 1 tablespoon baking powder; 1 teaspoon salt; 1 cup milk; 1 large egg; 3/4 stick (6 tablespoons) unsalted butter, melted and cooled; 1/2 stick (1/4 cup) unsalted butter; 2 cups chopped onions; 8 ounces Spanish chorizo (dry-cured spiced sausage), casing removed and sausage coarsely chopped (about 1 1/2 cups packed; see Cooks' Notes); 2 cups fresh, or thawed frozen, corn kernels (one 10-ounce package); 1 teaspoon dried sage; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: For corn bread: Heat oven to 400°F with rack in middle and butter an 8-inch square baking pan. Whisk together cornmeal, flour, sugar, baking powder, and salt in a large bowl. Whisk together milk, egg, and butter in a small bowl and stir into dry ingredients. Pour batter into buttered baking pan. Bake until golden and a tester comes out clean, 25 to 30 minutes. Cool corn bread in pan on a rack 10 minutes, then turn out onto rack to cool completely. Cut corn bread into 3/4-inch cubes and put in a large bowl. Heat oven to 400°F with rack in middle and butter an 8-inch square baking pan. Whisk tog <END>
INPUT: parfait, very heavy cream, granulated sugar, best quality cocoa, vanilla extract, chocolate angel food
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate Angel Food and Raspberry Parfait | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup very cold heavy cream; 3 tablespoons granulated sugar; 3 tablespoons best quality cocoa powder; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; 1 store-bought chocolate angel food cake, cut into cubes; 1/4 cup framboise (raspberry liqueur); 1 pint fresh raspberries; Grated bittersweet chocolate | INSTRUCTIONS: Using a hand held mixer, beat together the cream, sugar, cocoa powder and vanilla until stiff peaks form, keep cold. Place a few cubes of the angel food cake in the bottom of 4 parfait glasses and drizzle with 1 teaspoon of framboise. Top with a few tablespoons of the chocolate cream, a few tablespoons of raspberries and a grated chocolate. Repeat to make 4 layers ending with chocolate cream. Garnish with a few raspberries and grated chocolate. <END>
INPUT: scuffins, all purpose flour, cocoa powder, baking powder, baking soda
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate Scuffins | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Nonstick cooking spray; 3/4 cup all-purpose flour; 1/3 cup cocoa powder; 1 teaspoon baking powder; 1/4 teaspoon baking soda; 1/8 teaspoon kosher salt; 1/2 cup coconut oil, at room temperature; 1/2 cup granulated sugar; 1 large egg; 1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract; 3/4 cup whole milk; 1/3 cup milk chocolate chips; 3/4 cup walnuts, chopped; Confectioners' sugar for dusting | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: a 24-cup mini-muffin tin Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Spray a 24-cup mini-muffin tin with cooking spray. Whisk together the flour, cocoa, baking powder, baking soda and salt in a medium bowl. Whisk together the coconut oil and granulated sugar in a large bowl until well combined. Add the egg and vanilla extract and whisk until well mixed. Whisk in the milk, then add the flour mixture and whisk until just incorporated. Stir in the chocolate chips and walnuts. Divide the batter evenly among the muffin cups. Bake until a wooden toothpick inserted into the center of the sc <END>
INPUT: fondue, good quality dark, heavy whipping cream, Shaohsing rice wine, Sichuan peppercorns, strawberries
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spicy Sweet Chocolate Fondue | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound good-quality dark chocolate, chopped; 1/2 cup heavy whipping cream; 1 tablespoon Shaohsing rice wine or dry sherry; 1 teaspoon Sichuan peppercorns, toasted and ground; Fresh strawberries, for serving; Fresh mango, sliced into 2-inch pieces, for serving; Bananas, cut into 2-inch pieces, for serving | INSTRUCTIONS: In a double boiler, melt the chocolate over barely simmering water. Stir together the cream and rice wine, and then gradually stir into the melted chocolate to combine. Stir in the Sichuan peppercorns. Transfer the mixture to a fondue pot to keep warm and serve with fresh fruit. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, mousse, Ibarra chocolate, milk, butter, eggs, Tequila Herradura Reposado
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tequila and Mexican Chocolate Mousse | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 6 1/2 ounces Ibarra chocolate, chopped fine; 2 tablespoons milk; 11/2 ounces butter, at room temperature; 2 eggs, seperated; 1 tablespoons Tequila Herradura Reposado; 1/2 cup heavy cream; 4 prepared phyllo cups; 1 pomegranate, half seeded and half juiced, sweetened | INSTRUCTIONS: Melt chocolate over a double boiler with milk and butter. Cool until lukewarm and add yolks one by one. Stir in tequila. Beat cream to soft peaks and fold into chocolate mixture. Beat egg whites to stiff peaks and fold into chocolate mixture. Spoon into phyllo cups and sauce plate with pomegranate juice. Garnish with seeds.; <END>
INPUT: Italian, virgin olive oil, shallots, garlic, chili flakes, wine
OUTPUT: TITLE: Linguine with Radicchio, Garlic and Crab | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 4 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil; 3 shallots, finely chopped; 4 cloves garlic, thinly sliced; 1 teaspoon red chili flakes; 1 cup dry white wine; 2 tablespoons butter; 1 pound linguine; 1/2 pound fresh crab meat; 1/2 head radicchio, shredded; 2 scallions, thinly sliced | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring 6 quarts water to boil and add 2 tablespoons salt. In a 12 to 14-inch saute pan, heat oil until smoking. Add shallots, garlic and chilies and saute until golden brown, about 4 to 5 minutes. Add wine, bring to a boil, add butter and remove from heat. Cook pasta according to package instructions until just al dente and drain. Add to pan with wine mixture and return pan to heat. Add crab, radicchio and scallion and toss until radicchio is wilted, about 1 minute. Pour into warm serving bowl and serve. <END>
INPUT: American, fusilli, olive oil, mushrooms, chicken fingers, thyme
OUTPUT: TITLE: Creamy Fusilli with Mushrooms and Chicken | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound fusilli; 2 teaspoons olive oil; 12 ounces sliced mushrooms (any variety); Cooked chicken fingers (about 12 strips), cut into 1-inch pieces; 1 teaspoon dried thyme; 1/4 cup sherry; 1 cup reduced-sodium chicken broth; 2 tablespoons all-purpose flour; 1/2 cup milk; 1 cup grated Havarti cheese; 1/3 cup sliced black olives | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook fusilli according to package directions. Meanwhile, heat oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Add mushrooms and saute 3 to 5 minutes, until mushrooms soften. Add chicken and thyme and cook 1 minute. Add sherry and cook 1 minute. Add chicken broth and bring to a simmer. Whisk together flour and milk and add to chicken mixture. Simmer 2 to 3 minutes, until sauce thickens. Remove from heat, add cheese and stir until cheese melts. Add fusilli and toss to combine. Fold in black olives. Serve green beans on the side. <END>
INPUT: bellini, prosecco, peach puree, peaches, cherry liqueur
OUTPUT: TITLE: Frozen Peach Bellini | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 bottle prosecco; 4 ounces peach puree; 1 cup diced fresh peaches (about 4 peaches), frozen, plus 6 fresh peach slices; 2 ounces cherry liqueur, such as Cherry Heering | INSTRUCTIONS: In a carafe, combine the prosecco and peach puree. Divide the frozen diced peaches and cherry liqueur among 6 Champagne glasses. Top with the prosecco mixture and garnish with fresh peach slices. <END>
INPUT: American, crust, vegetable oil, amaretti cookies, sugar, pinches salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Peach Ice Cream Pie with Amaretti Cookie Crust | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: Nonstick vegetable oil spray; 1 1/3 cups finely ground amaretti cookies (Italian macaroons) plus 1/2 cup coarsely crushed cookies; 1 tablespoon sugar; 2 pinches of salt; 1/4 cup (1/2 stick) unsalted butter, melted; 3 pounds firm but ripe peaches, halved, pitted, cut into 3/4-inch-wide wedges; 1 cup (packed) plus 1 tablespoon golden brown sugar, divided; 1 1/2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 2 1/4 quarts vanilla ice cream (9 cups); 2/3 cup chilled heavy whipping cream; Even easier: Use purchased peach ice cream instead of mixing up your own; Ingredient info: Amaretti cookies are available at supermarkets and Italian markets | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350°F. Coat 9-inch glass pie dish with nonstick spray. Mix finely ground cookie crumbs, 1 tablespoon sugar, and pinch of salt in medium bowl. Add lukewarm melted butter; mix to blend. Press crumbs onto bottom and up sides of dish. Bake until golden around edges, about 10 minutes. Cool completely in dish on rack. Preheat broiler. Line rimmed baking sheet with foil. Coat with nonstick spray. Arrange peaches in even layer on sheet. Broil until beginning to brown, watching closely to avoid burning, 3 to 5 minutes. Sprinkle 1/4 cup brown sugar over peaches. Broil until sugar melts a <END>
INPUT: prunes, Armagnac other brandy, olive oil, up free range, shallots
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken with Shallots, Prunes, and Armagnac | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup large pitted prunes (about 20); 2/3 cup Armagnac or other brandy, divided; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1 4-pound cut-up free-range chicken; 12 large shallots, peeled; 1 1/4 cups organic chicken broth; 3 large fresh thyme sprigs plus 1 1/2 teaspoons chopped fresh thyme; 1 teaspoon Sherry wine vinegar | INSTRUCTIONS: Boil prunes with 1/3 cup Armagnac in small saucepan until almost all liquid is absorbed, about 3 minutes. Cover and set aside. Heat oil in heavy large skillet over medium-high heat. Sprinkle chicken with salt and pepper. Add to skillet, skin side down; cook until browned, about 5 minutes per side. Transfer to plate. Pour off all but 2 tablespoons drippings. Add shallots; cook until browned in spots, about 5 minutes. Add remaining 1/3 cup Armagnac; boil 30 seconds, scraping up browned bits. Add broth, prunes, and thyme sprigs; bring to boil. Add chicken in single layer, skin side up, and any ac <END>
INPUT: chilled, spring, Kosher salt, shallots, garlic, coriander seeds, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chilled Spring Pea Soup with Crab Salad, Creme Fraiche, and Mint | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Kosher salt; 1/2 cup sliced shallots; 1/4 cup sliced garlic; 1 tablespoon toasted coriander seeds; Freshly cracked black pepper; 1 Fresno chile, sliced, seeds and stem included; 4 cups shelled English peas; 3 to 4 cups creme fraiche, cold; 1 small bunch mint, leaves picked; 2 cups Jonah crabmeat, picked through for shells; 1/4 cup torn mint leaves; Salt and freshly cracked black pepper; Extra-virgin olive oil, for drizzling; 1/4 cup sliced scallions; 2 limes, zested and juiced | INSTRUCTIONS: For the soup: Bring a large pot of water to a boil over medium heat. Add enough salt to make it taste like the ocean. Add the shallots, garlic, coriander seeds, freshly cracked black pepper, to taste, and sliced chiles, and bring back to a boil. Taste the water and season with salt, if needed. Add the English peas, bring the soup back to a boil and allow it to cook until the peas are al dente, about 30 to 45 seconds. Using a strainer or spider, add the pea mixture to a blender with 2 ladlefuls of flavored liquid, the creme fraiche and the mint leaves. Puree until smooth. Pour through a wired m <END>
INPUT: Italian, toasts, butter, olive oil, loaf Italian semolina, Italian fontina, Parmesan
OUTPUT: TITLE: Italian Fontina and Parmesan Toasts | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons softened butter; 3 tablespoons olive oil; 1 loaf Italian semolina bread, cut into 1/2-inch thick slices; 2/3 cup freshly grated Italian fontina; 1/4 cup freshly grated Parmesan | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 400 degrees. In a small saucepan, melt butter in oil over moderate heat. Brush mixture onto 1 side of each bread slice. Arrange slices, buttered side up, on a baking sheet and bake for 5 minutes or until golden Preheat broiler. Sprinkle fontina and Parmesan cheeses evenly over toasts. Broil about 4 inches from the heat for 1 minute, or until fontina begins to melt. <END>
INPUT: soup, olive oil, onion, garlic, thyme, beans
OUTPUT: TITLE: Quick Black Bean Soup | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1 1/4 cups chopped onion; 4 large garlic cloves, chopped; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh thyme or 1 1/2 teaspoons dried; 3 15-ounce cans black beans, drained, 1 cup liquid reserved; 2 14 1/2-ounce cans low-salt chicken broth; 1 28-ounce can diced tomatoes in juice; 2 teaspoons ground cumin; 1 1/2 teaspoons hot pepper sauce | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat oil in large pot over medium heat. Add onion, garlic and thyme; sauté until onion is golden, about 8 minutes. Add beans, reserved 1 cup bean liquid, broth, tomatoes with juices, cumin and hot pepper sauce. Bring soup to boil. Reduce heat to medium-low and simmer until flavors blend and soup thickens slightly, stirring occasionally, about 20 minutes. Working in 2 batches, purée 2 1/2 cups soup in blender until smooth. Mix purée back into soup in pot. Season with salt and pepper. Ladle soup into bowls. Heat oil in large pot over medium heat. Add onion, garlic and thyme; sauté until onion is <END>
INPUT: sangria, unsweetened tamarind purée, water, sugar, mangoes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tamarind Mango Sangria | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 cup thawed frozen unsweetened tamarind purée; 2 cups water; 3/4 cup sugar, or to taste; 2 1/2 cups diced fresh mangoes (from 2 large); 1 (750-ml) bottle chilled dry white wine; 1/3 cup tequila (preferably reposado); 1 cup halved green and red seedless grapes | INSTRUCTIONS: Purée tamarind, water, sugar, and 1 1/2 cups mangoes in a blender until mixture is smooth. Pour through a medium-mesh sieve into a pitcher and stir in wine, tequila, grapes, and remaining cup mangoes. Chill, covered, until ready to serve, up to 24 hours. Serve over ice. Purée tamarind, water, sugar, and 1 1/2 cups mangoes in a blender until mixture is smooth. Pour through a medium-mesh sieve into a pitcher and stir in wine, tequila, grapes, and remaining cup mangoes. Chill, covered, until ready to serve, up to 24 hours. Serve over ice. <END>
INPUT: pancakes, bacon, chives scallion, olive oil, sour cream an
OUTPUT: TITLE: Bacon and Chive Potato Pancakes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 pound (1 large) russet (baking) potato; 2 slices of cooked lean bacon, crumbled fine; 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh chives or green part of scallion; 2 tablespoons olive oil; sour cream as an accompaniment if desired | INSTRUCTIONS: Peel the potato, grate it coarse, and press it between several thicknesses of paper towel to remove any excess moisture. In a bowl stir together the potato, the bacon, the chives, and salt and pepper to taste. In a large heavy skillet heat the oil over moderately high heat until it is hot but not smoking, form the potato mixture into 4 patties, and cook the patties, tamping them down with a spatula, for 5 to 7 minutes on each side, or until the pancakes are golden brown and cooked through. Serve the pancakes with the sour cream. Peel the potato, grate it coarse, and press it between several th <END>
INPUT: crisps, bunuelos, sugar, cinnamon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cinnamon-Sugar Crisps ("Bunuelos") | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup sugar; 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 6 (8-inch) flour tortillas, whole or cut into shapes | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. On a plate, mix the sugar and cinnamon. In a medium, heavy-bottomed saucepan, add enough oil to come halfway up the sides of the pan. Heat over medium-high heat until a deep frying thermometer, inserted in the oil, reaches 350 degrees F. (If you do not have a thermometer, test the oil with a piece of tortilla, which should sizzle when it touches the oil and should brown in about 2 to 3 minutes.) One by one, fry tortillas until golden brown. With a slotted spoon, transfer the crisps to paper towels to drain. While still warm, transfer to cinnamon-sugar mixture, tu <END>
INPUT: flambee, golden raisins, orange juice, bananas, unsalted butter, dark sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Banana Flambee | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup golden raisins; 1/4 cup freshly squeezed orange juice; 4 ripe bananas; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 2 tablespoons dark brown sugar; Pinch of grated nutmeg; 1/4 cup rum | INSTRUCTIONS: Place the raisins in the orange juice until they expand. Meanwhile, peel the bananas and slice them in half lengthwise. Heat the butter in a large frying pan and add the bananas, round side down. Cook the bananas for 2 to 3 minutes on each side turning them carefully with a spatula so as not to break them. Mix the sugar and nutmeg with the raisins and juice and pour it over the bananas. When ready to serve, remove the bananas from the frying pan, reserving the cooking juices, and arrange them on a hot plate. Heat the cooking juices to boiling, and add rum, and light it, pouring it over the ban <END>
INPUT: French, scallops, micro, orange juice, big tarragon, wine vinegar, Dijon mustard, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Seared Scallops over Micro Greens with Orange Tarragon Vinaigrette with Butter Poached Lobster | CUISINE: French | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup fresh orange juice; 1 big sprig fresh tarragon; 2 tablespoons white wine vinegar; 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard; 1 teaspoon finely chopped garlic; 1/2 cup grapeseed oil; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1/2 cup granulated sugar; 1/2 cup apple cider vinegar; Salt; 1/2 fresh mango; 2 tablespoons white vinegar; 2 lobster tails; 1 1/2 cups unsalted butter; 1 clove garlic, minced | INSTRUCTIONS: For the vinaigrette: In a small pot, add the orange juice and tarragon sprig. Bring to a boil, then reduce to a simmer and reduce the juice by half. When reduced, remove the tarragon sprig, and chill the juice in the refrigerator. When cooled, add the white wine vinegar, Dijon mustard, garlic and a pinch each of salt and pepper. Whisk together. Slowly drizzle the grapeseed oil while whisking until you get an equal balance of oil to juice. Taste, then adjust the seasoning if necessary. Put aside. For the gastrique: In a small pot, add the sugar, apple cider vinegar and some salt. Bring to a boi <END>
INPUT: cupcakes, self rising flour, all purpose flour, unsalted butter, granulated sugar, eggs
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pastrami Cupcakes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cups self-rising flour; 1 1/4 cups all-purpose flour; 2 sticks unsalted butter, at room temperature; 2 cups granulated sugar; 4 large eggs, at room temperature; 1 cup whole milk; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; 3 tablespoons caraway seeds; 8 ounces pastrami, chopped; Honey Mustard Glaze, recipe follows; Honey Mustard Frosting, recipe follows; Soft Pretzel, sliced in slivers, for garnish; 1/4 cup powdered sugar; 1 tablespoon honey; 1 tablespoon spicy brown mustard | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line cupcake pans with 24 liners. In a medium bowl, combine both flours. Using an electric mixer with the paddle attachment, cream the butter until smooth. Gradually add the granulated sugar and beat until fluffy. Add the eggs, one at a time, beating well after each addition. Add the flour mixture in three parts, alternating with the milk. Add the vanilla. Scrape down the sides of the bowl to make sure all the ingredients are well blended. Beat until just combined. Do not over beat. Fold in the caraway seeds. Spoon the batter into the liners, filling the cups <END>
INPUT: three, point, cream cheese, butter, flour, elephant heart plums, granulated sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Three-Point Elephant Heart Plum Tarts with Rosemary Plum Compote and Maple Mascarpone Cream | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup cream cheese, cold, cut in chunks; 1/2 cup butter, cold, cut into chunks; 1/2 cup flour; 4 elephant heart plums, skins removed and pitted; 3 tablespoons granulated sugar; 1/8 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1/4 cup creme fraiche; 1 egg, beaten; Confectioners' sugar, for dusting; 1/4 cup simple syrup (equal parts warm water and sugar heated until the sugar is dissolved); 1/4 cup freshly squeezed lemon juice; 2 teaspoons rosemary leaves; 1 1/2 cup Mascarpone cream; 1/2 cup heavy cream; 1/3 cup maple syrup | INSTRUCTIONS: Make the tart shells: In a medium bowl, combine the cream cheese, butter, and flour until it just comes together. (There should still be streaks of cream cheese.) Remove the dough from the bowl, pat into a disc, cover with plastic wrap, and refrigerate for at least 1 hour. Roll out the dough into 1/8-inch thickness and cut into 6 (3-inch circles). Refrigerate on a parchment-lined sheet pan for 15 minutes. Make the filling: Dice 2 of the plums and toss together with 2 tablespoons of the granulated sugar, the cinnamon, and creme fraiche. Assemble the tarts: Brush the dough lightly with the beate <END>
INPUT: shortcakes, flour, sugar, baking powder, very butter, heavy cream
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fig Shortcakes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 1/4 cups flour; 1/2 cups sugar; 2 1/2 tablespoons baking powder; 6 ounces very cold butter, cut into 1 1/2-inch cubes; 1 1/4 cups cold heavy cream; Sugar in the raw; 12 fresh figs, chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 375 degrees. In a large mixing bowl, combine all the dry ingredients and cubed butter. Using the paddle attachment, blend the ingredients at low speed until the mixture resembles a coarse meal. Add the chilled heavy cream to the butter and flour mixture and mix until the dough just comes together. Allow the dough to rest for 5 minutes. Finish mixing the dough by hand until it forms a solid mass. Roll the dough until it is about 1-inch thick. Cut the dough into the desired shortcake shape. Place the shortcakes on a parchment lined baking sheet. Chill. Remove the shortcakes from  <END>
INPUT: Italian, crescents, Parmesan cheese, egg
OUTPUT: TITLE: Easy Parmesan Crescents | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 (8-oz.) can Pillsbury® Refrigerated Crescent Dinner Rolls; 3 tablespoons grated Parmesan cheese; 1 egg, beaten | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat oven to 375 degrees F. Separate dough into 8 triangles. Sprinkle each with scant 1 teaspoon Parmesan cheese. Roll up each, starting at shortest side of triangle and rolling to opposite point. Place rolls, point side down, on ungreased cookie sheets; curve each into crescent shape. Brush each with beaten egg; sprinkle with remaining Parmesan cheese. Bake at 375 degrees F. for 10 to 12 minutes or until golden brown. Serve warm. <END>
INPUT: soup, olive oil, onion, fennel bulb, fennel seeds
OUTPUT: TITLE: Beet and Fennel Soup with Kefir | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1 cup chopped onion; 1 cup chopped fennel bulb; 1 1/2 teaspoons fennel seeds; 2 large (2 1/2-to 3-inch-diameter) beets, peeled, cut into 1/2-inch cubes; 2 cups low-salt chicken broth; 1 cup unflavored kefir; Additional unflavored kefir; Fennel fronds (for garnish) | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat olive oil in large saucepan over medium heat. Add chopped onion, chopped fennel, and fennel seeds. Sauté until vegetables soften, about 5 minutes. Add cubed beets and stir to coat. Add chicken broth and bring to boil. Cover; reduce heat to medium-low. Cook until beets are tender, 18 to 20 minutes. Puree soup in batches in blender. Return to same saucepan. Whisk in 1 cup unflavored kefir and season soup with salt and freshly ground black pepper. Rewarm soup. Ladle soup into bowls. Drizzle with additional unflavored kefir; garnish with fennel fronds. Heat olive oil in large saucepan over me <END>
INPUT: Italian, cacciatore, plum tomatoes, crimini, very onion, olive oil, Sherry wine vinegar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken Cacciatore | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 pounds plum tomatoes, coarsely chopped (scant 4 cups); 8 ounces crimini (baby bella) mushrooms; 1 very large red onion, thinly sliced (about 3 cups); 5 tablespoons olive oil, divided; 2 tablespoons Sherry wine vinegar; 1 4 1/2- to 4 3/4-pound chicken, cut into 8 pieces, excess fat trimmed; 1 1/2 tablespoons chopped fresh rosemary, divided; 1/2 cup dry red wine; 1 14 1/2-ounce can diced tomatoes in juice; 1 cup low-salt chicken broth; 1/3 cup thinly sliced basil, divided; 2 tablespoons drained capers, divided; 12 ounces gemelli or penne, freshly cooked | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 400°F. Combine plum tomatoes, mushrooms, and onion in large bowl. Add 3 tablespoons oil and vinegar; toss to blend. Sprinkle generously with salt and pepper. Spread vegetable mixture in single layer on large rimmed baking sheet. Roast until onion slices are golden brown and all vegetables are tender, stirring frequently, about 50 minutes. Remove from oven and set aside. Reduce oven temperature to 350°F. Sprinkle chicken with salt, pepper, and 1 tablespoon rosemary. Heat remaining 2 tablespoons oil in heavy large deep ovenproof skillet over medium-high heat. Add chicken and saut <END>
INPUT: yuca, shrimp, garlic, Scotch bonnet chiles, cumin seeds, Kosher salt pepper, olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Yuca-Stuffed Crispy Shrimp | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 cloves garlic, minced; 1 to 2 Scotch bonnet chiles, stem and seeds discarded, minced; 2 teaspoons whole cumin seeds, freshly toasted; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 cup olive oil; 1/3 cup sour orange juice; 2 teaspoons Spanish sherry vinegar; 1 1/2 cups peeled and very thinly sliced fresh hearts of palm; 1/4 cup peeled and julienned jicama; 1/4 red bell pepper, stem and seeds discarded, julienned; 1/4 yellow bell pepper, stem and seeds discarded, julienned; 1 Scotch bonnet chile, stem and seeds discarded, minced; 1/2 small red onion, julienned; 3 scallions, trimmed and finely chopped; 1/2 cup virgin olive oil | INSTRUCTIONS: For the "Mo J.": Mash together the garlic, chiles, cumin and 1/2 teaspoon salt with a mortar and pestle until fairly smooth. Scrape into a bowl and set aside a moment. Heat the olive oil in a skillet over medium-high heat until fairly hot and pour it over the garlic mixture. Mix and allow to stand 10 minutes. Whisk in the orange juice and sherry vinegar. Season with salt and pepper to taste and set aside until ready to use. For the hearts of palm slaw: Mix together the hearts of palm, jicama, red and yellow bell peppers, Scotch bonnet chile, onion and scallions in a large bowl and set aside. M <END>
INPUT: herb, turkey breast, garlic, mustard, rosemary leaves, sage leaves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Herb-Roasted Turkey Breast | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 whole bone-in turkey breast, 6 1/2 to 7 pounds; 1 tablespoon minced garlic (3 cloves); 2 teaspoons dry mustard; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh rosemary leaves; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh sage leaves; 1 teaspoon chopped fresh thyme leaves; 2 teaspoons kosher salt; 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 2 tablespoons good olive oil; 2 tablespoons freshly squeezed lemon juice; 1 cup dry white wine | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Place the turkey breast, skin side up, on a rack in a roasting pan. In a small bowl, combine the garlic, mustard, herbs, salt, pepper, olive oil, and lemon juice to make a paste. Loosen the skin from the meat gently with your fingers and smear half of the paste directly on the meat. Spread the remaining paste evenly on the skin. Pour the wine into the bottom of the roasting pan. Roast the turkey for 1 3/4 to 2 hours, until the skin is golden brown and an instant-read thermometer registers 165 degrees F when inserted into the thi <END>
INPUT: Italian, sweet potatoes, pancetta, broccoli rabe, Kosher salt, shiitake mushrooms
OUTPUT: TITLE: Stuffed Sweet Potatoes With Pancetta and Broccoli Rabe | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 4 sweet potatoes (about 8 ounces each); 2 ounces sliced pancetta (about 8 thin slices); 1 bunch broccoli rabe, tough stems trimmed, roughly chopped; Kosher salt; 8 ounces shiitake mushrooms, stemmed and sliced; 2 cloves garlic, thinly sliced; 1/8 teaspoon red pepper flakes; 1/2 cup part-skim ricotta cheese; 1 tablespoon finely grated parmesan cheese; Freshly grated nutmeg | INSTRUCTIONS: Pierce each sweet potato with a fork in a few spots. Arrange on a microwave-safe plate and microwave until soft, about 12 minutes. Meanwhile, cook the pancetta in a large skillet over medium heat, turning once, until crisp, about 4 minutes. Remove from the skillet and drain on paper towels. Increase the heat to medium high; add the broccoli rabe and 1/4 teaspoon salt to the skillet and cook, stirring occasionally, about 3 minutes. Add the mushrooms, garlic and red pepper flakes and cook, stirring occasionally, until the vegetables are tender, about 3 more minutes. Mix the ricotta, parmesan, an <END>
INPUT: stock, onions, carrots, celery leaves, parsley, thyme
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken Stock | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 large onions, quartered; 2 medium carrots, quartered; 2 stalks celery with leaves, quartered; 10 sprigs parsley; 4 sprigs fresh thyme or 2 teaspoons dried; 1 bay leaf; 5 pounds chicken bones, wings, backs, legs, or a mixture, trimmed of excess fat | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large stockpot, combine the onions, carrots, and celery. Toss in the parsley, thyme, and bay leaf and add the chicken parts or bones. Add enough cold water to cover the chicken by 3 inches. Bring to a boil over medium heat, lower the heat immediately so the stock simmers very gently. Skim the surface of any foam, scum, or fat, with a ladle, as often as necessary. Simmer, uncovered for 4 hours. Strain into a large bowl or storage containers. Cool the liquid to room temperature before refrigerating. (The fastest way to cool containers of stock is in an ice water bath in the sink.) Refrigera <END>
INPUT: Italian, soup, plum tomatoes, good olive oil, kosher salt, pepper, onions
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Tomato Basil Soup | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 3 pounds ripe plum tomatoes, cut in half lengthwise; 1/4 cup plus 2 tablespoons good olive oil; 1 tablespoon kosher salt; 1 1/2 teaspoons freshly ground black pepper; 2 cups chopped yellow onions (2 onions); 6 garlic cloves, minced; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1/4 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes; 1 (28-ounce) canned plum tomatoes, with their juice; 4 cups fresh basil leaves, packed; 1 teaspoon fresh thyme leaves; 1 quart chicken stock or water | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Toss together the tomatoes, 1/4 cup olive oil, salt, and pepper. Spread the tomatoes in 1 layer on a baking sheet and roast for 45 minutes. In an 8-quart stockpot over medium heat, saute the onions and garlic with 2 tablespoons of olive oil, the butter, and red pepper flakes for 10 minutes, until the onions start to brown. Add the canned tomatoes, basil, thyme, and chicken stock. Add the oven-roasted tomatoes, including the liquid on the baking sheet. Bring to a boil and simmer uncovered for 40 minutes. Pass through a food mill  <END>
INPUT: olive oil, size new potatoes, garlic, bay leaves, thyme
OUTPUT: TITLE: Garlic Potatoes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 cup olive oil; 12 medium-size new potatoes (about 1 pound), halved if necessary to keep them uniform in size; 24 garlic cloves, unpeeled; 6 bay leaves; 4 sprigs thyme; 4 sprigs rosemary; Coarse salt; Freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Cover the bottom of a glass baking dish with the oil. Toss in the potatoes and garlic, making sure both are coated with the oil. Toss in the bay leaves and sprigs of herbs and season generously with salt and pepper. Bake this dish in a 425°F oven until the potatoes are tender when pierced with a fork, about 35 minutes. Open the oven and stir the potatoes twice during the cooking time. (When serving, be sure to show the guests how to squeeze the softened garlic and mash it into the potatoes.) Choose firm and fresh-looking new (thin-skinned) potatoes. Any long thin-skinned potatoes can be called <END>
INPUT: Italian, wild, mushroom, olive oil, Spanish onion, garlic, pepper flakes, plum tomatoes their
OUTPUT: TITLE: Wild Mushroom and Cauliflower Lasagna | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1 small Spanish onion, finely diced; 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped; Pinch red pepper flakes; 3 cups canned plum tomatoes and their juices; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh basil; 3 tablespoons chopped fresh flat-leaf parsley; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; Honey; 1 medium head cauliflower; 2 tablespoons olive oil; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 4 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1/4 cup flour; 5 cups whole milk, heated, divided | INSTRUCTIONS: For the tomato sauce: Heat the oil in a medium saucepan over medium-high heat. Add the onions and cook until soft. Add the garlic and red pepper flakes and cook for 30 seconds. Add the tomatoes, breaking them up with a wooden spoon, and the basil and cook until thickened and the tomatoes soften and break down. season with salt and pepper. Transfer to a blender and blend until smooth. Return the mixture to the saucepan, add the basil and chopped parsley, season with salt, pepper, and honey, if needed. For the cauliflower sauce: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Remove the florets from the head <END>
INPUT: ensalada, pepino, long seedless "English", pure chile, Salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Ensalada de Mango, Jicama y Pepino (Mango-Jicama and Cucumber Salad) | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 medium (about 1 1/2 pounds) mangoes, peeled, flesh cut from the pit and sliced into 1/2-inch "fingers" or wedges (see technique below); 1 medium (about 1 pound) jicama, peeled and cut into long 1/2-inch-wide "fingers" or wedges; 1 long seedless "English" cucumber (or 2 regular cucumbers), cut into long 1/2-inch-wide "fingers" or wedges; 1 teaspoon pure ground chile (buy pure guajillo or ancho chile in a Mexican grocery, make it yourself, or substitute a little cayenne); Salt; 2 limes, each cut into 6 wedges | INSTRUCTIONS: Cutting the mangoes: Peel the mangoes, then cut the flesh from the pits: A mango pit (to which the flesh clings tightly) is flattish and oval, more-or-less a smaller version of the mango's overall shape. To cut the flesh off the pit, stand a mango on one end and slice the flesh from one side of the pit. Turn the mango around and slice the flesh off the other side. You'll be able to get a couple thin slices of flesh off the pit on each end. Cut the large pieces into long 1/2-inch-wide "fingers." Salad: In pointed Sno-Cone cups (you'll need a snow-cone holder or a glass to support each cup) or i <END>
INPUT: Asian, rice vinegar, vegetable oil, soy sauce, sesame oil, ginger
OUTPUT: TITLE: Seared Five-Spice Duck Breast with Snow Peas and Watercress | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons rice vinegar; 2 tablespoons vegetable oil; 1 tablespoon soy sauce; 2 teaspoons sesame oil; 1 tablespoon grated ginger; 1 teaspoon sugar; 1 1/2 teaspoons salt; 1/2 teaspoon Chinese five-spice powder; 12 ounces boneless duck breast, skin scored; 1 bunch watercress (about 4 ounces), tough stems removed; 2 cups snow peas, thinly sliced; 2 cups shredded Napa cabbage | INSTRUCTIONS: To make the dressing, combine the rice vinegar, vegetable oil, soy sauce, sesame oil, grated ginger, sugar and 1/2 teaspoon salt in a small bowl and mix well. Set aside. Combine the remaining salt and the five-spice powder and sprinkle the mixture over the duck. Place a nonstick frying pan over high heat until hot. Place the duck, skin side down, in the pan and cook until golden brown, about 3 minutes. Turn the breasts, reduce the heat and cook until medium-rare, 6 to 7 minutes. Remove the duck from the pan, place on a cutting board, and let rest for 5 minutes. Do not cover the duck or the ski <END>
INPUT: American, whipping cream, honey, powdered sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Gelato Bar | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup whipping cream; 1/3 cup honey; 1 (11.5-ounce) bag milk chocolate chips; 1 1/2 cups whipping cream, chilled; 3 tablespoons powdered sugar; 1 (1/2-gallon) vanilla, mint chip, or coffee gelato; 1 (1/2-gallon) Neapolitan ice cream; Assorted toppings (coarsely crumbled chocolate sandwich cookies, almond biscotti, amaretti cookies, chopped toasted almonds, sliced fresh strawberries | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. To make the milk chocolate sauce: Combine the cream and honey in a small heavy saucepan and bring to a simmer over medium heat. Remove from the heat and add the chocolate. Let stand until the chocolate melts, about 2 minutes, then whisk to combine. Cool the sauce slightly, then pour into a clear glass serving bowl or small pitcher. (The sauce can be made 1 week ahead. Cool completely, then cover and refrigerate.) Re-warm the sauce in the microwave, if necessary. To make the whipped cream: Using an electric mixer, beat the cream and sugar in a large bowl until sof <END>
INPUT: American, olive oil, butter, garlic, onion, button mushrooms
OUTPUT: TITLE: Turkey Mushroom Burger | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons olive oil; 4 ounces butter; 3 cloves garlic, minced; 1 teaspoon chopped onion; 1 pound button mushrooms, chopped fine in a food processor; 1 pound portobello mushrooms, cut into 1/4-inch pieces; 1/4 cup chopped thyme; 1/4 cup chopped oregano; 1 bay leaf; Salt; Pepper; 2 pounds ground turkey; 8 hamburger buns; Romaine lettuce leaves; Thinly sliced red onion | INSTRUCTIONS: To a hot saute pan over medium high heat, add the olive oil and butter and melt. Add garlic, onion, and bay leaf, and sweat for 1 minute. Add the mushrooms, season with salt and pepper, and cook until liquid is released and mushrooms are almost dry. Stir in the thyme and oregano. Remove from the heat and allow to cool. Remove the bay leaf. Place the turkey in a large mixer and add the cooled mushroom mixture, mix well and season with salt and pepper. Form the mixture into 8-ounce patties. Pan fry or grill the burgers until cooked through. Serve on a bun with romaine lettuce, sliced red onions  <END>
INPUT: soup, unsalted butter, leeks, garlic, ginger, curry powder
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pumpkin-Popcorn Soup | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons unsalted butter; 2 medium leeks (white and light green parts), thinly sliced and well rinsed; 2 cloves garlic, chopped; 1 tablespoon chopped peeled fresh ginger; 2 teaspoons curry powder; 2 1/2 cups plain popped popcorn; 1 quart chicken stock; 1 cup canned pumpkin puree; 1/2 cup heavy cream; Juice of 1 lime (about 2 tablespoons); Kosher salt | INSTRUCTIONS: In a medium saucepan, melt the butter over medium heat. Add the leeks and cook until wilted, about 5 minutes. Add the garlic, ginger and curry powder and cook, stirring, until fragrant, about 1 minute. Add 2 cups of the popcorn and toss to coat in the butter. Add the stock, pumpkin and heavy cream. Bring to a simmer. Cook until the leeks are very tender, the popcorn has dissolved away from the kernels and the kernels are softened, about 15 minutes. Puree the soup with a hand blender or in batches in a countertop blender. Stir in the lime juice and taste for seasoning, adding a little salt if n <END>
INPUT: Indian, soup, olive oil, garlic, rosemary leaves, water, French lentils
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lentil and Roasted Garlic Soup with Seared Steak | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 cup olive oil; 10 garlic cloves, peeled, halved; 2 tablespoons fresh rosemary leaves; 3 cups water; 1/2 cup French green lentils; 1 medium leek (white and green parts only), thinly sliced; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh sage; 7 cups (or more) vegetable broth; 3 tablespoons soy sauce; 1/4 cup red lentils; 1 1/4 pounds yams (red-skinned sweet potatoes), peeled, cut into 1/2-inch cubes; 12 ounces kale, ribs discarded, leaves thinly sliced; 1 1 1/2- to 1 3/4-pound flank steak; 6 tablespoons grated Parmesan cheese; Chopped fresh parsley | INSTRUCTIONS: Place oil, garlic, and rosemary in heavy small saucepan. Cook over lowest possible heat until garlic begins to brown, about 1 1/2 hours. Cool. Drain, reserving garlic oil and garlic cloves separately. Discard rosemary. Can be made 2 days ahead. Cover garlic oil and garlic cloves separately and chill. Place 3 cups water and green lentils in small saucepan. Bring to boil. Reduce heat to medium and simmer 25 minutes. Cool lentils; drain. Meanwhile, heat 1/4 cup garlic oil in heavy large pot over medium heat. Add leek and sage. Cook until leek is soft, stirring frequently, about 10 minutes. Add 7  <END>
INPUT: onions, celery, carrots, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grits with Ham Hocks and Sauteed Apples | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons (1/4 stick) butter; 2 1/2 cups chopped onions; 1 cup chopped celery; 1 cup chopped carrots; 6 garlic cloves, minced; 1/4 cup dry vermouth; 6 whole black peppercorns; 1 tablespoon mustard seeds; 1 bay leaf; 4 cups low-salt chicken broth; 1 1/3 pounds meaty smoked ham hocks; 6 cups low-salt chicken broth; 2 cups quick-cooking grits; 2 teaspoons minced fresh thyme; Sautéed Apples | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 325°F. Melt butter in large ovenproof pot over high heat. Add onions and next 3 ingredients; sauté until vegetables are soft and golden, about 7 minutes. Add vermouth and next 3 ingredients; stir 1 minute. Add chicken broth and ham hocks. Bring to boil; cover and bake until ham hocks are very tender, about 1 hour. Cool. Remove ham hocks. Boil ham hock broth until reduced to 1 cup, about 25 minutes. Pull ham from bones and reserve (discard bones and skin). Strain broth. (Can be made 2 days ahead. Cover ham and broth separately; chill.) Preheat oven to 325°F. Melt butter in large <END>
INPUT: Mexican, corn, butter, chili powder, lime
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Corn with Chili Lime Butter | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 6 ears fresh corn, unhusked; 1/4 pound butter (1 stick), room temperature; 2 teaspoons chili powder; 1 lime, zested; 1 lime, cut into wedges | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Place the corn in its husks directly on the oven rack and roast until the corn is soft when you press on it, 30 to 40 minutes. While the corn is roasting, combine the butter with the chili powder and lime zest. Peel down the husks and tie in a knot to use as a handle while eating. Rub the corn with soft butter mixture, and garnish with a lime wedge. (This roasting method produces the sweetest corn I have ever tasted.) <END>
INPUT: Mexican, dish, peanut oil, ginger, garlic, chili powder
OUTPUT: TITLE: Peanut Chicken Dish | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons peanut oil; 1 tablespoons ginger, peeled and grated; 1 clove garlic, finely chopped; 1 pound boneless, skinless chicken, cut into bite-size pieces; 1 teaspoons chili powder; 3 tablespoons smooth peanut butter, preferably unsweetened; Chili sauce to taste; 4 to 6 scallions, thinly sliced; 1 cup unsweetened coconut milk; Salt and pepper; 1 cucumber, peeled, seeded and sliced; Cilantro leaves to garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large non-stick skillet heat oil over medium high heat. Add ginger and garlic and cook until aroma is released. Stir in chicken pieces and cook until golden brown. Stir in chili powder, peanut butter, and chili sauce. Stir in scallions and coconut milk and simmer until thickened about 3 minutes. Season with salt and pepper. Spoon over rice and garnish with cucumber and cilantro Serve with Basmati rice following directions on the box. <END>
INPUT: Italian, Brussels sprouts, egg fettuccine, unsalted butter, virgin olive oil, pine nuts
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fettuccine With Brussels Sprouts and Pine Nuts | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 pound Brussels sprouts, trimmed; 1/2 pound dried egg fettuccine; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 3 tablespoons pine nuts; Accompaniment: grated Parmigiano-Reggiano | INSTRUCTIONS: Slice Brussels sprouts in a food processor fitted with slicing disk. Cook fettuccine in a pasta pot of boiling salted water (3 tablespoons salt for 6 quarts water) until al dente. Meanwhile, heat butter and oil in a large heavy skillet over medium heat until foam subsides, then cook pine nuts, stirring, until golden, 1 to 2 minutes. Add Brussels sprouts, 1/2 teaspoon salt, and 1/4 teaspoon pepper, then sauté over medium-high heat until tender and lightly browned, about 4 minutes. Reserve 1/2 cup pasta-cooking water, then drain pasta and add to skillet, tossing with enough reserved water to moi <END>
INPUT: lamb top round, yogurt, favorite spice mix, Salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lamb Skewers | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 20 (8-inch) wooden skewers; 1 pound lamb top round, cut into 20 thin slices; 2 cups yogurt; 2 tablespoons favorite spice mix; Salt and pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Soak the skewers in water about 30 minutes to avoid burning when you cook the lamb. Spear the lamb half way on the skewer, leave room for the stick to be handled. Combine the yogurt and spice blend. Place the lamb in the yogurt mixture and marinate in the refrigerator overnight. Remove from the marinade and season with salt and pepper. Sear in a hot pan or on a grill surface for 2 minutes on each side, or until cooked to desired doneness. <END>
INPUT: chicken thighs skin, chicken breasts skin, Salt pepper, Chili Oil, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spicy Chicken | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 chicken thighs with skin and bones; 2 chicken breasts with skin and bones, halved crosswise; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 3 tablespoons Chili Oil, recipe follows; 1 tablespoon minced garlic; 1/2 cup kalamata olives, pitted, coarsely chopped; 1/2 cup pitted, coarsely chopped green olives; 4 tablespoons chopped fresh Italian parsley leaves; 1 1/2 tablespoons drained capers; 2/3 cup dry white wine; 2 cups olive oil; 4 teaspoons dried crushed red pepper flakes | INSTRUCTIONS: Sprinkle the chicken with salt and pepper. Heat the oil in a heavy large frying pan over medium-high heat. Add the chicken and cook until golden brown, about 5 minutes per side. Remove the skillet from the heat. Stir in the garlic, olives, 3 tablespoons of parsley and capers. Add the wine. Bring to a boil. Reduce the heat to medium-low. Cover and simmer until the chicken is just cooked through, turning occasionally, about 10 minutes. Transfer the chicken mixture to a platter. Spoon the sauce over. Sprinkle with the remaining 1 tablespoon of parsley and serve. Combine the oil and crushed red pe <END>
INPUT: Italian, penne pasta, virgin olive oil, garlic, broccoli rabe, anchovies
OUTPUT: TITLE: Penne with Broccoli Rabe, Tomatoes, and Parmesan | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 12 ounces penne pasta; 1/3 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 4 garlic cloves, chopped; 2 bunches broccoli rabe, chopped; 8 anchovies, chopped; 3/4 teaspoon dried crushed red pepper; 1 pound tomatoes, diced; 1 cup chopped fresh basil, divided; 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 1 1/4 cups grated Parmesan cheese, divided | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook pasta in large pot of boiling salted water until tender but still firm to bite. Drain; return to same pot. Meanwhile, heat oil in large skillet over medium-high heat. Add garlic; sauté 30 seconds. Add broccoli rabe, anchovies, and crushed pepper; sauté until broccoli rabe is crisp-tender, about 5 minutes. Add tomatoes and 1/4 cup basil. Add vegetable mixture and lemon juice to pasta; toss to coat.Transfer pasta to large bowl. Add remaining 3/4 cup basil and 3/4 cup cheese; toss to blend. Season pasta to taste with salt and pepper. Serve, passing remaining cheese. Cook pasta in large pot o <END>
INPUT: American, soaked, dressing, creme fraiche, garlic, onions, lime juice, cilantro
OUTPUT: TITLE: Bbq Soaked Shrimp with Creme Fraiche Dressing | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups creme fraiche; 3 cloves garlic, finely chopped; 1/4 cup finely diced red onions; 2 tablespoons fresh lime juice; 1/4 cup finely chopped cilantro; Salt and freshly ground pepper to taste; 48 large shrimp, shelled and deveined; 2 cups Mesa BBQ Sauce, or your favorite; Salt and freshly ground pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Mix all ingredients in a medium bowl and season with salt and pepper, to taste; Preheat grill to high. Combine shrimp and bbq sauce in a large bowl, cover and refrigerate for 30 minutes. Remove shrimp from sauce, season with salt and pepper and grill for 2 to 3 minutes on each side, or until cooked through. Place shrimp on a platter and drizzle with the creme fraiche; <END>
INPUT: warm, vinaigrette, applewood smoked bacon, shallots, sherry vinegar, grain mustard, virgin olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Warm Bacon and Shallot Vinaigrette | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 slices applewood-smoked bacon, sliced crosswise into 1/8-inch strips; 1/2 cup finely minced shallots; 1/3 cup sherry vinegar; 2 tablespoons whole-grain mustard; 1/2 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 1 tablespoon finely minced fresh tarragon; Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper; 6 cups dandelion greens; 1/2 cup crumbled goat cheese | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Put the bacon in a small saucepan over medium heat and cook, stirring often so the bacon doesn't burn, until the fat begins to render. Add the shallots and cook until softened, about 3 minutes. Remove the pan from the heat and whisk in the sherry vinegar and mustard, followed by the olive oil and tarragon. Season as needed with salt and pepper. Pour the vinaigrette over the greens in a bowl and toss. Add the goat cheese and toss again. Serve immediately. <END>
INPUT: french, confit, butter, onions, marjoram, thyme, bay leaves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pan-Seared Rib-Eye with French Onion Confit | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 tablespoons butter; 3 medium red onions, thinly sliced; 3 sprigs fresh marjoram; 3 sprigs fresh thyme; 2 bay leaves; 1 tablespoon sugar; 1/2 cup red wine; 2 tablespoons balsamic vinegar; 4 cups beef stock; Kosher salt; Freshly ground black pepper; 1/4 cup olive or vegetable oil; One 32-ounce dry-aged (28 days) bone-in rib-eye, room temperature; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 tablespoons butter | INSTRUCTIONS: For the onion confit: Heat a large enameled cast-iron pot over medium heat. Add the butter; when it begins to foam, add the red onions, marjoram, thyme, bay leaves and sugar, and sprinkle liberally with salt. When the onions begin to caramelize, add the red wine and balsamic vinegar and reduce to dry. Reduce the heat to medium-low and add 1 cup of the beef stock; cook until reduced to a glaze. Repeat until all the beef stock has been used. Turn off the heat and adjust the seasoning with salt and pepper. For the rib-eye: Heat a 12-inch cast-iron skillet over high heat; add the oil. Pat the stea <END>
INPUT: Mexican, persian, pilaf, basmati rice, peanut canola oil, shallots, beans, tomato paste
OUTPUT: TITLE: Persian Pilaf with Lime and Green Beans | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups basmati rice, washed and drained; 1/4 cup peanut or canola oil; 2 to 3 shallots, finely chopped; 2 cups green beans, cut 1-inch; 1 teaspoon tomato paste; 3 plum tomatoes peeled, seeded and finely chopped; 3/4 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 3/4 salt; 1 teaspoon ground dried lime or 1 tablespoon fresh lime juice; 2 tablespoons butter; Pinch ground turmeric; 1 large boiling potato | INSTRUCTIONS: Soak the rice for 30 minutes in lukewarm water that covers it generously. Drain. While the rice is soaking, put the oil in a medium pan and set over medium-high heat. When it is hot, add the shallots. Stir and fry for 3 to 4 minutes, or until the shallots are lightly browned. Put in the green beans and stir them around for 3 minutes. Now add the tomato paste and tomatoes as well as 3 tablespoons of water (or liquid from the can of tomatoes), 1/4 teaspoon, of the 3/4 teaspoon salt. Stir and bring to a simmer. Cover, turn the heat down to low, and simmer gently for 12 to 13 minutes, or until the <END>
INPUT: cabbage, butter, flour, shallot, Leaves from thyme, cayenne pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Seafood-Stuffed Cabbage | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons butter; 2 tablespoons flour; 1 shallot, chopped; Leaves from 1 sprig fresh thyme, chopped; 1 pinch cayenne pepper; 2 cups seafood broth; 1/2 cup white wine; Salt; Freshly ground black pepper; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1 onion, diced; 1 bell pepper, diced; 2 cloves garlic, minced; 1 pound small Louisiana or American wild shrimp, peeled, deveined, and chopped; 2 eggs, lightly beaten | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. Preheat the oven to 325°. For the sauce, melt the butter in a cast iron pot over medium heat until it begins to bubble. Add the flour; whisking briskly until it is thoroughly incorporated. Let the mixture bubble for 1 minute, but don't let it darken. Add the shallot, thyme, and cayenne and continue to whisk as you stir in the seafood broth and wine. Bring the sauce to a simmer and cook until it thickens nicely. Season with salt and pepper. Transfer the sauce to a bowl and refrigerate. 2. For the cabbage, heat the olive oil in a skillet over medium heat. Add the onions, bell pepper, and garl <END>
INPUT: all purpose flour, double acting baking, salt, heavy cream additional, unsalted butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Ham Biscuits | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups all-purpose flour; 1 tablespoon double-acting baking powder; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1 1/4 cups heavy cream plus additional for brushing the rounds; unsalted butter, softened, for spreading on the biscuits; 1/4 cup firmly packed brown sugar, or to taste; about 1/2 pound thinly sliced cooked country ham, such as Smithfield | INSTRUCTIONS: In a bowl whisk together the flour, the baking powder, and the salt, add 1 1/4 cups of the cream, and stir the mixture until it just forms a dough. Gather the dough into a ball, knead it gently 6 times on a lightly floured surface, and roll or pat it out 1/2 inch thick. Cut out as many biscuits as possible with a 2-inch round cutter dipped in flour and transfer them to an ungreased baking sheet. Gather the scraps, reroll the dough, and cut out more biscuits in the same manner. Brush the tops of the biscuits with the additional cream, prick them lightly with a fork, and bake the biscuits in the <END>
INPUT: parsley leaves, thyme, rosemary, garlic, shallot
OUTPUT: TITLE: Marinated Chicken Thighs | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups fresh parsley leaves, chopped; 8 large sprigs fresh thyme, chopped; 4 large sprigs fresh rosemary, chopped; 3 cloves garlic, minced; 1 small shallot, diced; 2 tablespoons cracked black peppercorns; 2 tablespoons cracked pink peppercorns; 1 1/4 cups extra-virgin olive oil; 8 skin-on chicken thighs; Flaky salt, such as Maldon, for seasoning; Salad, for serving | INSTRUCTIONS: Mix the parsley, thyme, rosemary, garlic, shallots, black peppercorns and pink peppercorns together in a bowl. Add the olive oil to cover the herbs/spices. Set aside 2 tablespoons of the marinade. Place the chicken thighs in a resealable plastic bag. Add the marinade and marinate overnight in the refrigerator. Preheat the grill to medium. Remove the chicken thighs from the marinade, pat with a paper towel and place, fleshy-side down, on the hot grill. Grill until cooked through, turning once, 7 to 8 minutes per side. Finish with the reserved 2 tablespoons of marinade and some flaky salt. Serve <END>
INPUT: apples, Galette dough, Frangipane
OUTPUT: TITLE: Apple-Frangipane Galette | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 medium apples (3 pounds/1.5 kg); Galette dough (page 231); Frangipane (page 234); 2 tablespoons (1 ounce/30 g) unsalted or salted butter, melted; 4 tablespoons (60 g) granulated or coarse-crystal sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 375°F (190°C). Line a baking sheet with parchment paper or a silicone baking mat. Peel, core, and cut the apples into 1/2-inch (1.5-cm) slices. Lightly flour a work surface and roll out the dough into a circle about 14 inches (36 cm) in diameter. Transfer it to the prepared baking sheet. Smear the frangipane over the dough, leaving a 2-inch (5-cm) border. Arrange the apple slices in concentric circles over the frangipane, or simply scatter them in an even layer. Fold the border of the dough over the apples and brush the crust with some of the melted butter, then lightly bru <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, custard, cream cheese, honey, sugar, whipping cream, egg
OUTPUT: TITLE: Honey Custard in Phyllo Pastry | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 1 8-ounce package cream cheese, room temperature; 5 tablespoons honey; 3 tablespoons sugar; 1/4 cup whipping cream; 1 large egg; 1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract; 1/4 teaspoon finely grated orange peel; 3 tablespoon water; 1/2 cup (1 stick) unsalted butter, melted; 1/2 cup unsalted pistachios, toasted, very finely chopped; 8 sheets fresh phyllo pastry or frozen, thawed; Additional chopped pistachios | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350°F. Using electric mixer, beat cream cheese, 3 tablespoons honey and 1 tablespoon sugar in medium bowl until smooth. Mix in cream, egg, vanilla and orange peel. Spoon mixture into 9-inch glass pie dish. Bake until mixture is set, about 20 minutes. Transfer to rack and cool custard completely. Combine 3 tablespoons water, 2 tablespoon honey and 1 tablespoon sugar in small saucepan. Boil until syrup thickens slightly, about 5 minutes. Preheat oven to 375°F. Brush large baking sheet with 1 tablespoon melted butter. Combine 1/2 cup pistachios and 1 tablespoon sugar in small bowl <END>
INPUT: soup, bacon, onion, chicken broth, lima beans, scallion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Creamy Lima Bean Soup with Bacon | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 slices of lean bacon; 1 small onion, chopped fine; 1 cup chicken broth; a 10-ounce package frozen lima beans; 1/3 cup thinly sliced scallion green | INSTRUCTIONS: In a skillet cook the bacon over moderate heat, turning it, until it is crisp, transfer it to paper towels to drain, and crumble it. Transfer 1 tablespoon of the fat to a heavy saucepan and in it cook the onion over moderately low heat, stirring, until it is softened. Add the broth, 1 cup water, and the lima beans, simmer the mixture for 8 minutes, or until the beans are tender, and season it with salt and pepper. In a food processor purée the soup, return it to the pan, and heat it over moderate heat until it is hot. Ladle the soup into 2 bowls and sprinkle the scallion green and the bacon ov <END>
INPUT: Italian, pesto, almonds, loosely parsley, sun tomato halves, garlic, olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Penne with Tomato Pesto and Smoked Mozzarella | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup almonds; 2 cups loosely packed fresh parsley; 12 sun-dried tomato halves; 2 cloves garlic, roughly chopped; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1/4 pound smoked mozzarella, diced; 1/2 pound whole-wheat penne | INSTRUCTIONS: In a small pan over medium heat, toast almonds until golden brown, 5 minutes. In a food processor, pulse almonds, parsley, tomatoes, garlic and oil until slightly chunky. Pour into a bowl; season with salt and freshly ground black pepper. Add mozzarella; toss to combine. Cook pasta as directed on package; drain and toss immediately with pesto. In a small pan over medium heat, toast almonds until golden brown, 5 minutes. In a food processor, pulse almonds, parsley, tomatoes, garlic and oil until slightly chunky. Pour into a bowl; season with salt and freshly ground black pepper. Add mozzarella; <END>
INPUT: Mexican, keang, goong, bird chiles serrano, mint leaves, kaffir lime leaves, sea salt, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Keang Chu-Chi Goong: Chu-Chi Shrimp | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 6 to 7 fresh red bird chiles or serrano chiles, 1/2 seeded, 1/2 not, and slivered; 15 fresh mint leaves, sliced into thin strands; 10 kaffir lime leaves, sliced into thin strands, or 1/4 cup finely chopped cilantro leaves; 1 teaspoon sea salt; 6 cloves garlic, minced; 1 tablespoon minced cilantro roots and stems; 1 dried New Mexico (or California) chile, softened in warm water and seeded; 15 dried de arbol or Japones chiles, softened in warm water; 1 tablespoon dried shrimp, softened in warm water and pureed (optional); 1/2 teaspoon Thai white peppercorns, dry roasted and ground; 1/2 teaspoon caraway seeds, dry-roasted and ground; 1 teaspoon minced galangal or 1 tablespoon minced fresh ginger; 1 stalk lemongrass, green parts and hard outer layers removed, minced; 1 teaspoon grated kaffir lime zest or 1 tablespoon grated regular lime zest; 2 shallots, minced | INSTRUCTIONS: Massage the shrimp with a few pinches of sea salt and place in a colander in the sink to drain for 10 minutes. Rinse with cool water and dry thoroughly with paper towels. In a 12-inch skillet, heat the oil over high heat for 2 minutes to 325 degrees. (You can also test for readiness by dipping the tip of a wooden spoon into the oil; if bubbles form around it, the oil is ready for frying.) Deep-fry the shrimp until golden, 1 to 2 minutes. Remove with a slotted spoon and drain on a tray lined with paper towels. Cover lightly with more paper towels and set aside. In a 12-inch skillet, mix the 2 c <END>
INPUT: egyptian, koushry, lentils, boiling water, salt, butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Egyptian Lentils and Rice (Koushry) | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup small lentils (French de Puy or black); 1 1/2 cups boiling water; 2 1/4 cups boiling water; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 2 teaspoons butter; 1 cup long grain rice; 1 large onion, finely diced; 2 tablespoons olive oil; Salt and pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: For the lentils: Soak the lentils in cold water for 2 hours. Drain. To the boiling water, add the lentils. Simmer, covered, for 15 to 20 minutes, adding more water if necessary For the rice: To the boiling water, add the salt and butter. Stir in the rice. Reduce heat and simmer, covered for 20 minutes. Remove from heat and let sit, covered, for 5 minutes. Remove lid and fluff with a fork. In a sautepan, cook onions in olive oil, then add rice and lentils and seasoning and more water if needed. Simmer approximately 10 minutes.; <END>
INPUT: American, crostata, cake flour, sugar, egg yolk, vegetable oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cream Cheese Crostata with Orange Marmalade | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cups cake flour; 4 1/2 tablespoons sugar; 1/2 large egg yolk; 9 tablespoons (1 stick plus 1 tablespoon) chilled unsalted butter, cut into 1/2-inch cubes; Nonstick vegetable oil spray; 1 8-ounce package cream cheese, room temperature; 3/4 cup mascarpone cheese; 1/2 cup plus 1 tablespoon sugar; 2/3 cup orange marmalade; 1/2 cup sliced almonds, toasted | INSTRUCTIONS: For crust: Mix flour and sugar together on work surface. Make well in center of mixture; add egg yolk. Scatter butter cubes over flour mixture. Using hands, gently mix ingredients together until well blended and dough forms. Flatten dough into disk; wrap in plastic and chill at least 1 hour or overnight. Preheat oven to 400°F. Spray 9-inch-diameter tart pan with removable bottom with nonstick spray. Press dough onto bottom and up sides of prepared pan. Bake until golden brown and cooked through, pressing with back of fork if crust bubbles, about 18 minutes. Cool crust in pan on rack. Mix flour <END>
INPUT: salad, olive oil, pepperoncini, garlic, Salt pepper, shrimp
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Shrimp with Arugula Mushroom Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons olive oil; 2 tablespoons finely chopped pepperoncini; 1 1/2 teaspoons minced garlic; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 24 large shrimp (about 1 pound), peeled, deveined; 1/3 cup full-flavored extra-virgin olive oil; 3 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; Sea salt and freshly ground black pepper; 10 cups fresh arugula, large leaves torn in half; 4 ounces large button mushrooms, thinly sliced; 2 ounces shaved Parmesan | INSTRUCTIONS: To make the shrimp: Heat the oil in a heavy medium skillet over medium heat. Add the pepperoncini and garlic and cook until fragrant, about 2 minutes. Season, to taste, with salt and pepper. Set aside. Toss the shrimp in a medium bowl with 2 teaspoons of the pepperoncini oil. Sprinkle with salt and pepper. Prepare a charcoal or gas grill for high heat or preheat the grill pan over a high flame. Grill the shrimp until just cooked through, about 2 minutes per side. Toss the shrimp with the remaining pepperoncini oil to coat. Meanwhile, to make the salad: Whisk the extra-virgin olive oil and lemo <END>
INPUT: Asian, soup, cream, English cucumbers, water, distilled vinegar, kosher salt, California avocado
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cucumber Soup with Wasabi-Avocado Cream | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 3 English cucumbers (3 1/2 lb total), peeled and sliced; 1/2 cup cold water; 1/2 tablespoon distilled white vinegar; 3 teaspoons kosher salt; 1 ripe California avocado, peeled and pitted; 1/2 tablespoon fresh lime juice; 1 (8-oz) container plain yogurt; 1 teaspoon wasabi paste (or 1 1/2 teaspoons wasabi powder mixed with 1/2 teaspoon water), or to taste; 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh chives; 1 1/2 cups ice cubes; Garnish: finely chopped fresh chives | INSTRUCTIONS: Purée cucumbers with water, vinegar, and 2 teaspoons kosher salt in batches in a blender until smooth. Mash together avocado, lime juice, and remaining teaspoon kosher salt until smooth. Whisk in yogurt, wasabi paste, chives, and pepper to taste. Just before serving, blend soup with ice in batches until smooth. Serve topped with avocado cream. Purée cucumbers with water, vinegar, and 2 teaspoons kosher salt in batches in a blender until smooth. Mash together avocado, lime juice, and remaining teaspoon kosher salt until smooth. Whisk in yogurt, wasabi paste, chives, and pepper to taste. Just be <END>
INPUT: Mexican, cranberry, salsa, pumpkin seed oil, natural unsalted pepitas, Sea salt, cranberries, onions
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cranberry Salsa with Cilantro and Chiles | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 4 teaspoons pumpkin seed oil; 1/2 cup natural unsalted pepitas (shelled pumpkin seeds); Sea salt; 2 cups fresh cranberries or frozen, thawed; 1 1/3 cups chopped green onions (dark green parts only; about 2 bunches); 1 cup chopped fresh cilantro; 2 tablespoons minced seeded serrano chiles; 6 tablespoons sugar; 6 tablespoons fresh lime juice; Ingredient Info: Pumpkin seed oil is available at specialty foods stores and from culinarydistrict.com. Look for pepitas at the supermarket or at a na | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat oil in skillet over medium heat. Add pepitas; stir until golden, about 1 minute. Transfer to plate; sprinkle with sea salt. Place cranberries in processor. Using on/off turns, process until finely chopped. Transfer to bowl. Add onions, cilantro, and chiles. Stir sugar and lime juice in another bowl until sugar dissolves. DO AHEAD: Cranberry and lime juice mixtures can be made 4 hours ahead. Cover separately; chill. Add cranberry mixture and pepitas to lime juice mixture; stir to combine. Heat oil in skillet over medium heat. Add pepitas; stir until golden, about 1 minute. Transfer to plat <END>
INPUT: truffles, confectioners' sugar, smooth peanut butter, unsalted butter, vanilla extract, kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Peanut Butter Truffles | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 1/2 cups softened confectioners' sugar; 1 cup smooth peanut butter; 5 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted; 1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract; 1/4 teaspoon kosher salt; Possible truffle accompaniments:; Crushed chocolate wafer cookies; A variety of crushed nuts, such as peanuts or pistachios; Miniature chocolate chips; Colored sprinkles; Confectioners' sugar; Crushed candy-coated peanut butter candies; Desiccated coconut | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Beat the confectioners' sugar, peanut butter, melted butter, vanilla extract and salt with an electric mixer until well combined. Roll rounded teaspoons of the mixture into round balls and place on a parchment-lined baking sheet. Roll the peanut butter balls in any or all of the possible truffle accompaniments. Chill until firm, about 20 minutes. These truffles are best served very chilled. <END>
INPUT: drunken, wine, pods star anise, cinnamon, light sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Drunken Berries | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 bottle dry red wine; 2 pods star anise; 1 stick cinnamon, plus 1 stick for grating, for garnish; 5 cloves; 1/2 cup light brown sugar; Pinch salt; Two 10-ounce bags frozen mixed berries, thawed; 1 quart vanilla frozen yogurt | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine the red wine, star anise, cinnamon stick, cloves, brown sugar and salt in a medium saucepan and bring to a boil over medium heat. Reduce the heat to medium-low and simmer for 15 minutes. Strain into a medium bowl. Add the berries and stir to combine. Cover and refrigerate until chilled, 2 hours. To serve, spoon some of the berries and mulled wine into a coupe glass. Top with a scoop of frozen yogurt and garnish with some freshly grated cinnamon. <END>
INPUT: frothy, shake, water, gourmet hot chocolate, espresso powder, fat free milk, reduced fat vanilla
OUTPUT: TITLE: Frothy Chocolate Espresso Shake | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup water; 1/4 cup gourmet hot chocolate mix (recommended: Marie Belle); 2 teaspoons instant espresso powder; 1 cup fat free milk; 1 pint reduced fat frozen vanilla yogurt, softened; 2 teaspoons vanilla extract | INSTRUCTIONS: In a small saucepan, bring the water to a boil over medium-low heat. Add the hot chocolate mix and espresso powder. Stir until the chocolate is melted and the mixture is smooth. Remove the pan from the heat and stir in the milk. Place the frozen yogurt and vanilla in a blender. Pour the chocolate mixture into the blender and blend until smooth and frothy. Pour the shake into 4 (8-ounce) frosted glasses and serve immediately. <END>
INPUT: Asian, jerk, slaw, goat peppers, Bahamian thyme, allspice, bay leaves, cinnamon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Ponzu Jerk Yellow Tail Snapper with Ginger Slaw and Shoestring Potatoes | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 2 goat peppers, stemmed and minced; 1 tablespoon Bahamian thyme, chopped; 1 tablespoon allspice; 3 bay leaves; 1 tablespoon cinnamon; 1 1/2 cups ginger beer; 1 1/2 cups ponzu juice (may substitute mixed fresh lemon and lime juice); 4 shallots, peeled and chopped; 1 tablespoon minced ginger; 2 oranges, zested and juiced; 2 tablespoons soy sauce; 2 (2 1/2 pound) whole yellow tail snapper; Salt and pepper; Nonstick cooking spray; Shoestring Potatoes with Thyme Salt, recipe follows | INSTRUCTIONS: In a baking dish just large enough to hold the fish, combine the goat peppers, Bahamian thyme, allspice, bay leaves, cinnamon, ginger beer, ponzu, shallots, ginger, orange juice, orange zest, and soy sauce. Stir to blend, add the snapper, and turn to coat. Allow the snapper to marinate for 20 minutes. Prepare an outdoor grill. Season the fish with salt and pepper to taste, spray the grill with nonstick cooking spray, and grill over very high heat until grill marks form, about 5 minutes. Rotate the fish and grill for 5 minutes more. Turn the fish and grill on the second side just until done, ab <END>
INPUT: Asian, salad, dressing, oranges, ginger, mayonnaise, Dijon mustard, honey
OUTPUT: TITLE: Avocado and Orange Salad with Honey and Ginger Dressing | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 4 oranges, preferably seedless; 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh ginger; 3 tablespoons mayonnaise; 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard; 2 teaspoons honey; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 medium shallots, finely chopped; 1 to 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 2 avocados; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh mint leaves, plus whole leaves for garnish; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh cilantro leaves, plus whole leaves for garnish; 4 whole leaves Boston lettuce, washed and dried well; 4 while leaves red leaf lettuce, washed and dried well; Sliced pickled ginger, optional | INSTRUCTIONS: Segment and juice 3 of the oranges in the following way: Cut both ends off 1 of the oranges and place it, cut side up, on a cutting board. Using a sharp, flexible knife, cut the skin and white membrane from the orange. Use a sawing motion and cut from top to bottom following the contours of the orange. Free the orange segments by cutting along the seams that separate them from each other. Do this over a bowl to collect any juices. Reserve the segments separately and squeeze what's left of the orange over the bowl to collect the juice. Do the same with the remaining 2 oranges. Strain the juice  <END>
INPUT: pickles, distilled vinegar, kosher salt, sugar, spices, water
OUTPUT: TITLE: Classic Dill Pickles | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup distilled white vinegar; 2 tablespoons kosher salt; 2 teaspoons sugar; 2 tablespoons spices (e.g., peppercorns, coriander seeds, and/or mustard seeds); 2 cups water; 2 pounds kirby cucumbers, quartered; 10 large dill sprigs; Hot brine (see formula, left)—using; 2 teaspoons black peppercorns; 2 teaspoons caraway seeds; Two 1 quart canning jars with lids | INSTRUCTIONS: For the brine: Bring 1 cup distilled white vinegar, 2 tablespoons kosher salt, 2 teaspoons sugar, up to 2 tablespoons spices (e.g., peppercorns, coriander seeds, and/or mustard seeds), and 2 cups water to a boil in a saucepan. Pour over vegetables in jars. Bring 1 cup distilled white vinegar, 2 tablespoons kosher salt, 2 teaspoons sugar, up to 2 tablespoons spices (e.g., peppercorns, coriander seeds, and/or mustard seeds), and 2 cups water to a boil in a saucepan. Pour over vegetables in jars. For the pickles: Divide 2 pounds kirby cucumbers, quartered, and 10 large dill sprigs between jars. D <END>
INPUT: damaris, bars, all purpose flour, Dutch processed cocoa, confectioners' sugar, granulated sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Damaris' Orange-Chocolate Bars | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 12 tablespoons (1 1/2 sticks) unsalted butter, cold and diced; 1 1/2 cups all-purpose flour; 1/2 cup Dutch processed cocoa powder; 1/4 cup confectioners' sugar; 1/4 cup granulated sugar; 2 ounces bittersweet or semisweet chocolate, melted; Fine salt; Nonstick cooking spray; 4 large eggs plus 2 large yolks; 1 1/2 cups granulated sugar; 1/3 cup all-purpose flour, sifted; Fine salt; 2 teaspoons grated zest plus 1 cup freshly squeezed orange juice (about 2 oranges); 1/2 teaspoon grated zest plus 2 tablespoons freshly squeezed lemon juice (about 1 lemon); Confectioners' sugar, for dusting | INSTRUCTIONS: For the base: Position a rack in the middle of the oven and preheat to 350 degrees F. Put the butter, flour, cocoa, confectioners' and granulated sugars, chocolate and 1/4 teaspoon salt in a food processor. Process until the mixture is slightly damp and holds together when pinched, about 1 minute. Generously spray a 9- by 13-inch pan with cooking spray. Line the pan with aluminum foil leaving a 2-inch overhang on all four sides and spray the foil as well. Sprinkle the crust mixture into the prepared pan and press evenly along the bottom. Take care to seal up any cracks. Bake the base until it  <END>
INPUT: Italian, Kosher salt, zucchini, summer squash, cherry tomatoes, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spaghetti with Summer Squash and Tomatoes | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: Kosher salt; 1 zucchini, sliced into thin rounds; 1 summer squash, sliced into thin rounds; 1 pint cherry tomatoes; 1/2 onion, finely chopped; 1 garlic clove, chopped; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh oregano leaves; 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil; Freshly ground black pepper; 1 pound spaghetti | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil over high heat for the spaghetti. Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Combine the squashes, tomatoes, onion, garlic, and oregano in a large bowl. Add the olive oil, sprinkle with salt and pepper, and give it all a good toss. Dump that out onto a baking sheet and roast for 10 to 12 minutes, until the squash is tender and caramelized. Scrape the vegetables into a large pasta bowl and cover with a plate to keep everything warm. The pasta water should be boiling by now. Add the spaghetti and stir to separate the strands. Cook for 8 to 9 minutes, until al  <END>
INPUT: Italian, pesto, Kosher salt, San Marzano tomatoes, basil leaves, mint leaves, almonds
OUTPUT: TITLE: Bucatini With Pesto and Shrimp | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: Kosher salt; 2 cups drained canned San Marzano tomatoes (about 8 tomatoes); 2 cups packed fresh basil leaves; 2 cups packed fresh mint leaves; 1/2 cup sliced almonds, lightly toasted; 2 cloves garlic; 1 teaspoon finely grated orange zest; 1/3 cup extra-virgin olive oil, plus more for frying and drizzling; 1 pound bucatini or spaghetti; 1/2 cup instant flour (such as Wondra); 1 pound extra-large shrimp, peeled and deveined, halved lengthwise; 1/2 cup grated parmesan cheese | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Meanwhile, make the pesto: Process the tomatoes, basil, mint, almonds, garlic, orange zest and 1 teaspoon salt in a food processor until combined. With the motor running, gradually add 1/3 cup olive oil in a steady stream and blend to make a coarse pesto, scraping down the sides of the processor as needed. Transfer the pesto to a large bowl; do not wash out the processor. Add the bucatini to the boiling water and cook as the label directs. Meanwhile, heat about 1/4 inch of olive oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Put the flour in a shallo <END>
INPUT: fries, vegetable oil, baking, deep fat, mayonnaise
OUTPUT: TITLE: French Fries | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: About 8 cups vegetable oil; 2 pounds medium baking (russet) potatoes, peeled; Equipment: a deep-fat thermometer; an adjustable-blade slicer fitted with french fry or large (1/4-inch) julienne blade; Accompaniment: mayonnaise | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat 1 1/2 inches oil to 325°F in a 5-quart heavy pot over medium heat. While oil is heating, cut potatoes with slicer into 1/4-inch sticks. Fry potatoes in 5 batches for 1 1/2 minutes per batch (potatoes will not be golden) and transfer with a slotted spoon to paper towels to drain. (Return oil to 325°F between batches.) Heat oil to 350°F. Refry potatoes in 5 batches until golden and crisp, about 5 minutes per batch, and transfer to clean paper towels to drain. (Return oil to 350°F between batches.) Season fries with salt. Heat 1 1/2 inches oil to 325°F in a 5-quart heavy pot over medium heat <END>
INPUT: salad, walnuts, heart romaine lettuce, beets, radishes, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Beet and Walnut Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup chopped walnuts; 1 heart romaine lettuce, chopped; 1 can 14 ounces sliced beets, drained and chopped; 4 radishes, chopped; 1/2 small red onion, chopped; 2 ribs celery, chopped; 2 tablespoons black cherry, seedless raspberry or apricot preserved; 2 tablespoons vinegar, eyeball it; 1 teaspoon poppy seeds, optional; 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; Salt and pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Toast nuts in a small pan over medium heat, 3 to 4 minutes, then let them cool. Combine chopped lettuce, beets, radishes, onion, celery and toasted walnuts in a shallow bowl. Place the preserves into a small bowl and whisk vinegar into it. Add poppy seeds to dressing if you are using them. Whisk extra-virgin olive oil into the dressing and season it with salt and pepper. Dress salad and toss to coat evenly then adjust salt and pepper to your taste. <END>
INPUT: treats, unsalted butter, capfuls food coloring, crispy rice cereal, cinnamon hard candies
OUTPUT: TITLE: Crispy Holiday Treats | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 1/2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 4 (10-ounce) bags large marshmallows; 2 capfuls or 1 teaspoon green food coloring; 8 cups crispy rice cereal; 1 cup cinnamon hard candies plus 1/4 cup for decorating (recommended: red hots); 4 ounces white chocolate; Holiday sprinkles; 2 sheets parchment papaer | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Special equipment: 2 sheets parchment paper In a large pot, melt the butter over medium heat. Add marshmallows, 1 handful at a time. Allow each addition to melt down just a bit to give room for the next handful. Continue stirring to avoid any scorching. Meanwhile, line a 13 by 9 by 2-inch cake pan/casserole dish with a piece of parchment paper. Allow the excess paper to flap over the side the dish. Spray the parchment lightly with nonstick cooking spray. Once the marshmallow mixture is gooey enough to stir freely, pour in green food coloring and mix until well bl <END>
INPUT: tarte, tatin, beets, commercial puff pastry, unsalted butter, sugar, Serving Baby arugula
OUTPUT: TITLE: Warm Roasted Red Beet Tarte Tatin | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 large red beets, washed and trimmed; 16 ounces commercial puff pastry (thawed if frozen) or homemade puff pastry; 8 ounces unsalted butter; 1 cup sugar; Serving suggestion: Baby arugula salad in hazelnut vinaigrette, and goat cheese or Herbed Chevre, recipe follows; 1 1/2 cups fresh chevre, warmed to room temperature; 1 teaspoon finely minced shallots; 1/4 teaspoon finely minced garlic; 2 tablespoons white truffle oil*; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1/2 cup finely minced mixed fresh herbs (parsley, chives, thyme, tarragon); Freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: 8 31/4-inch disposable pie tins Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Wrap the beets in foil and roast them until they are easily pierced with a knife, about 1 1/2 hours. Allow the beets to cool slightly then peel them using a paring knife. Cut off the stem and root end of each beet, leaving each with 2 flat sides. Slice the beets in half horizontally creating 8 disks. Using a 3-inch round cookie cutter, punch out a circle from each half. Set aside the 8 beet circles. Turn the oven up to 425 degrees F. Roll out the pastry very slightly so that it is an even thickness. Cut the pastr <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, salad, basil, virgin olive oil, seedless watermelon, lime juice, honey
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Watermelon Salad | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 1 large fresh basil sprig; 1/3 cup plus 1/2 cup extra-virgin olive oil plus more for brushing; 3 1/2"-thick slices seedless watermelon, rind removed, each cut into 6 wedges for a total of 18 wedges; 1/4 cup fresh lime juice; 1 tablespoon honey; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 3/4 pound pea sprouts or watercress (tough stems removed; about 12 cups); 36 slices Pickled Radishes , cut into eighths; 1/2 cup (4 ounces) queso fresco, crumbled; 1/4 cup (1 ounce) shelled pumpkin seeds (pepitas), toasted; Ingredient Info:Queso fresco, also known as queso blanco, is sold at better supermarkets and at Latin markets. If unavailable, mild feta can be substi | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat basil and 1/3 cup oil in a small skillet over medium heat until basil begins to bubble. Simmer for 3 minutes. Remove pan from heat. Let cool for 1 hour. Discard basil; set aside basil oil. Build a medium fire in a charcoal grill, or heat a gas grill to medium. Brush grill rack with oil. Grill watermelon until lightly charred, about 2 minutes per side. Set aside. Whisk remaining 1/2 cup oil, lime juice, and honey in a large bowl to blend. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Add pea sprouts and toss to coat. Place 3 pieces of grilled watermelon on each plate. Top with pea sprouts and driz <END>
INPUT: deep, turkey, canola oil, turkey frying kit
OUTPUT: TITLE: Deep Fried Turkey | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 14 pound turkey, giblets removed and rinsed; 3 to 4 gallons canola oil (more or less depending on the size of your bird); 1 turkey frying kit | INSTRUCTIONS: To determine exactly how much oil you will need put the turkey into the pot provided with the turkey frying kit. Fill the pot with just enough water so the turkey is completely submerged. Quickly remove the turkey from the pot of water then mark the water line on the inside of the pot with a wax pencil or crayon. This will be the fill line to let you know exactly how much oil you will need to add to the pot. Discard the water and make sure to thoroughly dry both the turkey and the pot before adding the oil. It is extremely important to make sure the turkey and pot are completely dry. Any water <END>
INPUT: pork, tenderloin, beans, ham hock, olive oil, Spanish onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Marinated Grilled Pork Tenderloin with Spicy Orange Vinaigrette and Black Beans and Rice | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound dried black beans, picked over and soaked overnight, drained; 1 ham hock; 1 (12-ounce) bottle beer or ale; 1/4 cup olive oil; 1 Spanish onion finely chopped; 1 1/2 cups converted rice; 3 1/2 cups water; Salt; 2 cups fresh basil leaves; 1 tablespoons pine nuts; 4 cloves garlic; 1 cup olive oil; 1/2 cup Grana Padano cheese; Pepper; Parsley | INSTRUCTIONS: Place the soaked beans in a large saucepan, cover with water, add the ham hock and beer. Cook over medium-high heat until tender, about 11/2 hours. Drain. Heat the olive oil in a large saucepan over medium heat until almost smoking. Add the onions and cook until soft. Add the rice and cook, stirring until it is coated with the oil, about 2 minutes. Add the water and 1 tablespoon salt, stir, and bring to a boil. Lower the heat and simmer until the water is absorbed and the rice is tender. Place the basil, pine nuts and garlic in a food processor and process until smooth. Slowly add the oil to m <END>
INPUT: paleta, pops, peaches, dark sugar, cinnamon, milk, granulated sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Peaches and Crema Paleta Pops | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 ripe medium peaches (about 1 1/2 pounds), pitted, cut into 1/2" cubes; 1 tablespoon dark brown sugar; 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1 cup whole milk; 1/4 cup granulated sugar; 1/8 teaspoon kosher salt; 1/2 vanilla bean, split lengthwise, or 1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract; 3/4 cup crema (Mexican salted cream) or sour cream; 3 tablespoons powdered sugar; 1 teaspoon fresh lemon juice | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 400°F. Toss peaches with brown sugar and cinnamon on a parchment-lined rimmed baking sheet. Roast until peaches release some juices but are still holding their shape, 10–15 minutes. Let cool. Meanwhile, combine milk, granulated sugar, and salt in a medium saucepan. If using vanilla bean, scrape in seeds and add pod (wait if using vanilla extract). Cook over medium heat, stirring occasionally, until sugar is dissolved and mixture comes to a gentle boil, taking care not to scald, about 5 minutes. Remove from heat, then transfer milk mixture to a medium bowl. Add crema, powdered s <END>
INPUT: Asian, ponzu, soy sauce, water, rice wine vinegar, lime juice, knob ginger
OUTPUT: TITLE: Seared Salmon with Ponzu and Baby Bok Choy | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup soy sauce; 3 tablespoons water; 2 tablespoons rice wine vinegar; 1 1/2 tablespoons freshly squeezed lime juice; 1/2-inch knob fresh ginger, peeled and grated (about 1 tablespoon ); 1 serrano chile, stemmed and sliced (with seeds); 1 scallion, (green and white) thinly sliced; 8 baby choy, halved, or 3 medium bok choy, quartered, about 1 pound, well rinsed; 4 (5 to 6 ounce) salmon fillets, skinned; Kosher salt freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Whisk all of the ponzu sauce ingredients in a small bowl and set aside. Pour 1-inch or more of water in a wok or skillet and bring to a boil over medium-high heat. Put the bok choy in a bamboo or collapsible steamer and cover. Set the steamer over the water, cover, and cook until just tender, about 3 minutes for baby bok choy, 4 minutes for medium bok choy. Meanwhile, heat a large nonstick skillet over high heat. Season the salmon with the salt and pepper, lay the fish rounded side down in the pan and cook until golden and crisp on 1 side, about 2 minutes. Reduce the heat to medium, turn and c <END>
INPUT: tangerine, vinaigrette, Glaze, pomegranate molasses, horseradish, Dijon mustard, Salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Quail with Pomegranate Molasses and Horseradish Glaze with Spicy Walnuts and Tangerine Vinai | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Glaze; 1/4 cup pomegranate molasses; 1 heaping tablespoon prepared horseradish, drained; 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard; Salt and pepper; Quail; 8 quail, deboned; Salt and pepper; Glaze; Spicy Glazed Walnuts; 1 cup sugar; 1/4 cup water; Pinch of cayenne; 1/2 cup toasted walnuts | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine all ingredients in a small bowl.; Preheat grill pan. Season quail with salt and pepper to taste. Grill skin side down for 2-3 minutes until golden, turn over and brush with the glaze. Grill for 3-4 minutes longer, remove and brush with more glaze.; Place sugar, water and cayenne in a small saucepan and cook over high heat until medium colored caramel. Add walnuts and toss to coat. Remove with a slotted spoon to a parchment lined baking sheet. Tangerine Vinaigrette 2 cups tangerine juice 1 cup orange juice 3 tablespoons red wine vinegar 2 tablespoons coarsely chopped red onion 2 cloves  <END>
INPUT: American, summertime, egg, sugar, vanilla, orange zest, rhubarb
OUTPUT: TITLE: Summertime Blue Rhubarb Pie | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 egg; 1 cup white sugar; 1/2 teaspoon vanilla; 3/4 teaspoon grated orange zest; 1 cup diced rhubarb, if using frozen, thaw and drain well; 1 cup blueberries, if frozen, thaw and drain well; 2 tablespoons flour; 3/4 cup flour; 1/2 cup brown sugar; 1/3 cup softened butter | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. In a large bowl, mix egg, sugar, vanilla, orange zest, rhubarb, blueberries and 2 tablespoons flour. Pour mixture into a prepared, unbaked pie shell (8-inch). In a small bowl, cut 3/4 cup flour, brown sugar, and butter together until pea-size clumps are formed. Sprinkle above mixture on top of pie filling. Bake pie for 10 minutes. Lower heat to 350 degrees F and bake another 30-40 minutes until bubbly. <END>
INPUT: American, southwestern, unsalted butter, garlic, habanero chile pepper, shallot, Vegetable canola oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Southwestern Lobster Rolls | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, cut into pieces; 4 cloves garlic, minced; 1 habanero chile pepper, seeded and minced; 1 shallot, minced; Vegetable or canola oil, for the grill; 4 6- to 8-ounce lobster tails (thawed if frozen), halved lengthwise and deveined; 4 split-top hot dog buns or soft hoagie rolls; 1 tablespoon capers, rinsed; Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper; 1/4 cup dry white wine; Grated zest and juice of 1 lime; 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, cut into pieces; 6 cloves garlic, minced; 3 tablespoons fresh parsley, finely chopped; 1/3 cup mayonnaise | INSTRUCTIONS: Make the habanero butter: Combine the butter, garlic, habanero, shallot and capers in a small saucepan over medium heat; season with 1/2 teaspoon salt and 1/4 teaspoon pepper. Cook until the shallot is translucent, about 5 minutes. Deglaze the pan with the wine; add the lime zest and juice and cook until the wine has reduced and the pan is almost dry, about 4 minutes. Divide the butter between 2 small bowls; set aside. Make the garlic butter: Combine the butter and garlic in a separate small saucepan over medium heat; cook until the garlic is soft and fragrant, 5 to 6 minutes. Add the parsley  <END>
INPUT: cake, eggs, sugar, all purpose flour, baking powder, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mace Cake | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 large eggs; 2 1/2 cups sugar; 2 cups all-purpose flour; 2 teaspoons baking powder; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1 tablespoon plus 1/2 teaspoon ground mace; 1 cup whole milk; 1 stick (1/2 cup) unsalted butter; Accompaniment: lightly sweetened whipped cream | INSTRUCTIONS: Put oven rack in middle position and preheat oven to 350°F. Butter and flour a 13- by 9-inch baking pan, knocking out excess flour. Beat eggs with 2 cups sugar in a large bowl using an electric mixer at high speed until tripled in volume and thick enough to form a ribbon that takes 2 seconds to dissolve into batter when beater is lifted, 7 to 8 minutes in a stand mixer or 14 to 16 with a handheld. Whisk together flour, baking powder, salt, and 1 tablespoon mace. Bring milk and butter to a boil in a small heavy saucepan, then remove from heat. Add flour mixture to egg mixture, stirring until ju <END>
INPUT: soup, virgin olive oil, leeks, garlic, potato
OUTPUT: TITLE: Creamy Artichoke Soup | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 2 leeks, white part only, washed well and chopped; 1 clove garlic, minced; 1 small potato, peeled and chopped; 1 (8-ounce) package frozen artichoke hearts, thawed; 2 cups chicken stock; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 2 tablespoons plus 1/3 cup mascarpone cheese; 2 tablespoons chopped chives, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Heat olive oil in a heavy, large pot over medium heat. Add the leeks and the garlic and stir. Add the potatoes and cook for 5 minutes, stirring often. Add the artichokes, stock, salt, and pepper and cook until the vegetables are tender, about 20 minutes. Using a handheld immersion blender, or in a blender in batches*, puree the soup. Add the 2 tablespoons mascarpone and blend again to combine. In a small bowl, stir the remaining 1/3 cup mascarpone to soften. Ladle the soup into serving bowls. Dollop the top of each of the soups with a spoonful of the softened mas <END>
INPUT: Asian, bowl, torn escarole, Roasted Garlic Chili, Kosher salt, Pickled Scallions
OUTPUT: TITLE: Ramen Noodle Bowl With Escarole and Spicy Tofu Crumbles | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 2 (5.5-ounce) servings fresh or dried ramen noodles; 4 cups torn escarole; 3 tablespoons Roasted Garlic Chili Sauce; Kosher salt; 4 Pickled Scallions; Spicy Tofu Crumbles, thinly sliced radish, and chopped peanuts (for serving) | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook noodles according to package directions. During the last minute of cooking, add escarole. Drain and rinse under cold water. Toss noodles, escarole, and chili sauce in a large bowl until coated; season with salt. Divide noodles between bowls. Slice scallions into 1" pieces and place on top of noodles along with some tofu crumbles, radishes, and peanuts. Cook noodles according to package directions. During the last minute of cooking, add escarole. Drain and rinse under cold water. Toss noodles, escarole, and chili sauce in a large bowl until coated; season with salt. Divide noodles between  <END>
INPUT: Mexican, salsa, shallot, wine vinegar, Coarse grained salt, capers, flat leaf parsley
OUTPUT: TITLE: Toasted Almond and Parsley Salsa | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 shallot, minced; 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar; Coarse-grained salt; 2 tablespoons capers, rinsed and chopped; 1 cup flat-leaf parsley, finely chopped; 1/2 cup sliced toasted almonds; 1 tablespoon, plus 1 teaspoon extra-virgin olive oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine shallots and vinegar in a small bowl. Add a pinch of salt and let stand 30 minutes or as long as time permits. Add the capers, parsley and almonds. Toss until well combined. Add olive oil. Taste and adjust seasonings. Serve immediately. <END>
INPUT: torte, butter, unsweetened cocoa, sugar, eggs, vanilla extract
OUTPUT: TITLE: Ultimate Chocolate Peanut Butter Torte | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup butter, melted, plus more for pan; 1 cup unsweetened cocoa; 2 cups sugar; 4 eggs; 4 teaspoons vanilla extract; 1 cup all-purpose flour; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1 cup chopped peanut butter cups, about 8 pieces (recommended: Reese's); 1/4 cup peanut butter, plus 2 tablespoons, heated in microwave at 10 second intervals for easy spreading; 1/4 cup confectioners' sugar; 1/2 cup warm water, plus more as needed; 1/2 cup chocolate chips | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 F. Butter 2 (8-inch) circular pans and line with parchment paper. In a medium bowl combine the 1 cup melted butter and cocoa and stir until the cocoa is dissolved. Add the sugar, 1/4 cup at a time, and mix well. Add the eggs, 1 at a time, and mix until incorporated. Stir in the vanilla, flour and salt and combine until the flour is no longer visible. Fold in the chopped peanut butter cups and divide the mixture between the pans. Bake for approximately 25 minutes, then remove from the oven and set aside to cool. Run a knife around the edge of each pan and turn out onto a <END>
INPUT: vegetable shortening, sugar, eggs, evaporated milk, vanilla extract
OUTPUT: TITLE: Doughnuts | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup vegetable shortening, plus more for deep frying; 1 cup sugar; 2 large eggs, room temperature; 1 cup canned evaporated milk; 2 teaspoons vanilla extract; 4 cups unbleached all-purpose flour, plus more when forming the doughnuts; 4 teaspoons baking powder; 1 1/2 teaspoons freshly grated nutmeg; 1/4 teaspoon ground mace; 1 teaspoon fine salt; For coating the doughnuts (optional): 1 cup granulated sugar, or 1 cup granulated sugar mixed with 1 tablespoon ground cinnamon, or 1 cup sifted confe | INSTRUCTIONS: In small sauce pan heat the 1/4 cup shortening until melted. Set aside to cool slightly but remain liquid. In a standing mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, beat the sugar and melted shortening together on medium speed, until just combined. Add the eggs, one at a time, beating well after each addition. Add the milk and vanilla, continue beating until the mixture is light, about 2 minutes. Sift the flour, baking powder, nutmeg, mace, and salt into a medium bowl. Add the flour mixture to the egg mixture on low speed until just combined. The texture of the dough will be soft and loose. Remov <END>
INPUT: lace, cookies, honey, light sugar, almonds, table salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Honey-Almond Lace Cookies | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 stick (8 tablespoons) unsalted butter; 1/2 cup honey; 1/2 cup packed light brown sugar; 1 cup toasted sliced almonds; 1/4 teaspoon table salt; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; 2/3 cup all-purpose flour; 4 ounces bittersweet chocolate, finely chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine the butter, honey, and brown sugar in a small saucepan, over medium heat, and cook, stirring frequently, until the mixture is bubbly and smooth, about 5 minutes. Stir in the almonds, salt, and vanilla and cook 1 minute more. Remove the pan from the heat and stir in the flour until smooth. Let cool slightly. Refrigerate until the batter sets up, at least 1 hour. Heat oven to 350 degrees F and arrange racks in upper and lower third. Line 2 baking sheets with parchment paper and drop the batter by rounded teaspoonfuls onto prepared baking sheets, leaving 3 to 4 inches space between each.  <END>
INPUT: Italian, melon, granita, water, sugar, basil leaves, lime juice, cantaloupe
OUTPUT: TITLE: Melon with Basil-Lime Granita | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 3 cups water; 2/3 cup plus 1 tablespoon sugar, divided; 1 1/2 cups packed basil leaves; 1/2 cup fresh lime juice, divided; 1 ripe cantaloupe; 1 ripe honeydew; 1/4 cup mint leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring water and 2/3 cup sugar to a boil in a small saucepan, stirring until sugar has dissolved, then simmer 3 minutes. Transfer to a bowl and cool completely in an ice bath, stirring occasionally, about 10 minutes. Purée syrup with basil and 1/4 cup plus 2 tablespoon lime juice until smooth. Strain through a fine-mesh sieve into a 3-quart shallow nonreactive container, pressing on and then discarding solids. Freeze basil-lime syrup, stirring and crushing lumps with a fork every 30 minutes, until evenly frozen, about 2 hours. One hour before serving, cut melons into small wedges and peel. Comb <END>
INPUT: American, puffs, rice flour, cornstarch, xanthan gum, salt, ancho chile pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cheese Puffs Gougères | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/4 cups white rice flour; 1/4 cup cornstarch; 1/4 teaspoon xanthan gum; 3/4 teaspoon salt; 1/2 teaspoon ground ancho chile pepper; 1 cup milk or dairy-free milk; 1 cup water; 6 tablespoons unsalted butter or non-dairy buttery spread, cut into 1-inch pieces; 4 large eggs, at room temperature; 2 cups shredded Gruyère cheese or dairy-free cheese (about 8 ounces); Coarse salt and cracked black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 400°F. Line two baking sheets with parchment paper. Combine the flour, cornstarch, xanthan gum, salt, and chile pepper in a medium mixing bowl. Combine the milk, water, and butter in a large saucepan over medium-high heat and bring to a boil. Remove from the heat. Add the dry ingredients and beat briskly with a wooden spoon until thoroughly incorporated. Return the saucepan to the stove and reduce the heat to low. The mixture will begin to pull away from the side of the pan. Stir for 3 to 4 minutes, letting any moisture evaporate. Remove from the heat and let stand at room  <END>
INPUT: soup, gremolata, olive oil, fennel bulb, Italian style tomatoes, chicken stock low, lemon juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tomato-Fennel Soup with Gremolata | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons olive oil; 2 cups finely chopped fennel bulb; 1 28-ounce can Italian-style tomatoes, drained, juices reserved; 2 2/3 cups chicken stock or canned low-salt broth; 1/4 cup fresh lemon juice; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley; 2 tablespoons chopped fennel fronds; 4 teaspoons minced garlic; 1 1/2 teaspoons grated lemon peel | INSTRUCTIONS: For soup: Heat oil in heavy large Dutch oven over medium heat. Add chopped fennel bulb; sauté until tender but not brown, about 6 minutes. Add drained tomatoes; sauté 5 minutes. Add reserved tomato juices, stock and lemon juice. Cover; simmer 15 minutes. Puree soup in blender in batches until smooth. Return to pan. Season with salt and pepper. (Can be made 1 day ahead. Cover and refrigerate.) Heat oil in heavy large Dutch oven over medium heat. Add chopped fennel bulb; sauté until tender but not brown, about 6 minutes. Add drained tomatoes; sauté 5 minutes. Add reserved tomato juices, stock an <END>
INPUT: omelet, canola oil, sage leaves, Kosher salt, eggs, unsalted butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Omelet With Fried Sage and Gruyere | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon canola oil; 8 to 10 small fresh sage leaves, to taste; Kosher salt; 3 large eggs; 1 tablespoon unsalted butter; 1/4 to 1/2 cup grated gruyere cheese; Freshly ground pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Fry the sage leaves: Heat a 6-to-8-inch nonstick skillet over high heat and add the oil. Have a tray lined with paper towels and a slotted spoon ready. When the oil begins to look thinner and spreads to the sides of the pan, turn off the heat and add the sage leaves. Stir them to coat with the oil and cook, stirring, until the sage pales slightly in color and gets slightly crisp, 45 seconds to 1 1/2 minutes. Use a slotted spoon to transfer the leaves to the paper towels. Season them immediately with salt and allow them to cool. Reserve the skillet. Blend the eggs: In a medium bowl, whisk toget <END>
INPUT: Indian, Kosher salt pepper, coriander, pepper flakes, torn sage, thyme
OUTPUT: TITLE: Coriander Pork Roast | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper; 1 1/2 teaspoons ground coriander; 1/2 teaspoon red pepper flakes; 1/4 cup torn fresh sage (about 14 leaves); 1 tablespoon fresh thyme; 1 teaspoon chopped fresh rosemary; 1 bay leaf, crumbled; 3 cloves garlic; 1 7-pound bone-in pork picnic shoulder, skin removed; Juice of 2 oranges; Juice of 2 lemons; 1 cup low-sodium chicken broth; 1 pound baby potatoes; 1 rutabaga (about 1 1/4 pounds), peeled and cut into 3/4-inch pieces; 1 14.5-ounce can diced fire-roasted tomatoes | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine 2 tablespoons salt, 1 teaspoon pepper, the coriander, red pepper flakes, sage, thyme, rosemary, bay leaf and garlic in a food processor and pulse to make a paste. Pierce the pork all over with a paring knife, then rub with the spice paste. Tie the roast with kitchen twine so it keeps its shape. Transfer the meat to a 6-quart slow cooker. Add the juice of 1 orange and 1 lemon along with the chicken broth, potatoes and rutabaga. Cover and cook on high, 7 1/2 hours. Transfer the meat to a cutting board; cover with foil and set aside. Skim off the fat from the cooking liquid. Add the tomat <END>
INPUT: Asian, fish, Parchment paper, Salt pepper, scallions, shiitake mushrooms
OUTPUT: TITLE: Ginger-Garlic Fish in Parchment | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: Parchment paper; 4 (6 to 7-ounce) portions sea bass; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 bunch scallions, cut into 3-inch pieces on an angle; 1/2 pound shiitake mushrooms, stemmed and sliced; 3 to 4-inch knob ginger, peeled and thinly sliced; 4 large cloves garlic, peeled and thinly sliced; 3 tablespoons honey; 2 tablespoons rice wine vinegar; 3 tablespoons tamari sauce | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat oven to 375 degrees F. Rip off 4 pieces of parchment to form packets each about 12-inches long. Season fish with salt and pepper. Place a piece of parchment in a shallow dish then in the center of the paper stack 1/4 of the scallions and shiitakes, layer with slices of ginger and garlic and top with fish. Combine the honey, vinegar and tamari and pour 1/4 of the sauce over fish. Fold over the top of the parchment then roll the sides in to form a sealed pouch. Repeat with remaining parchment and ingredients. Arrange the pouches on a baking sheet and roast  <END>
INPUT: long ginger, water, sugar, English cucumbers, sake
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cucumber Lychee Sake | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 long thin slices fresh ginger; 1 cup water; 1 cup sugar; 2 English cucumbers, plus extra slices for garnish; 1/2 cup sake; 1/4 cup lychee juice, plus lychees for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Make ginger simple syrup by combining ginger, and 1 cup water and 1 cup sugar in a small saucepan and simmer until sugar has dissolved. Set aside to cool. Peel cucumbers and cut half of 1 into thin slices. Puree the remaining 1 1/2 cucumbers in a blender. In a shaker, combine sake, pureed cucumber, ginger simple syrup and lychee juice. Shake to combine and serve in ice filled glasses garnished with lychee fruit. <END>
INPUT: American, biscuits, all purpose flour, wheat flour, cornmeal, old fashioned rolled, wheat germ
OUTPUT: TITLE: Dog Biscuits | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/4 cups all-purpose flour; 1 1/4 cups whole-wheat flour; 1 1/4 cups cornmeal; 1 1/4 cups old-fashioned rolled oats; 1/2 cup toasted wheat germ; 1/2 cup packed light brown sugar; 1 tablespoon baking powder; 1 1/2 teaspoons salt; 1 1/2 sticks (3/4 cup) cold unsalted butter, cut into tablespoon pieces; 1 cup plus 1 tablespoon water; 1/2 cup chopped fresh flat-leaf parsley; 1/2 cup chopped fresh mint leaves; 1 large egg; Special equipment: a pastry or bench scraper; a dog-biscuit cookie cutter* | INSTRUCTIONS: Pulse flours, cornmeal, oats, wheat germ, brown sugar, baking powder, and salt in a food processor until combined. Add butter and pulse until mixture resembles coarse meal with pea-size butter lumps. Add 1 cup water and pulse until a coarse, dense dough forms. Turn out onto a lightly floured surface and knead in parsley and mint until well distributed. Gather, then halve dough with scraper. Form into 2 balls and flatten each into a 6-inch disk. Put oven racks in upper and lower thirds of oven and preheat oven to 350°F. Grease 2 large baking sheets. Roll out 1 disk of dough into a round (1/3 in <END>
INPUT: bourbon, french, eggs, granulated sugar, salt, milk, heavy cream
OUTPUT: TITLE: White Peach-Bourbon French Toast with White Peach-Pecan Maple Syrup | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 large eggs; 2 tablespoons granulated sugar; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 2 cups whole milk; 1/4 cup heavy cream; 1/4 cup white peach puree; 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract; 4 slices day old brioche, sliced 1/2-inch thick; 4 tablespoons unsalted butter; 4 tablespoons vegetable oil; White Peach-Pecan Maple Syrup, recipe follows; Mint sprigs, for garnish; 1 cup pure maple syrup; 4 ripe white peaches, peeled, pitted and cut into 1/8ths; 1/4 cup coarsely chopped toasted pecans | INSTRUCTIONS: Whisk together eggs, sugar and salt in a large bowl. Add the milk, cream and peach puree and vanilla and whisk until combined. Place brioche in a large baking dish, pour custard over and turn to coat. Let sit for 5 minutes. Heat 2 tablespoons of butter and 2 tablespoons of oil in a large nonstick saute pan over high heat. Add 4 slices of the soaked bread and cook until golden brown, flip over and continue cooking until golden brown on the second side. Place 1 slice of the French toast on a plate, ladle some of the peach syrup on top. Top with a second slice of toast and ladle more of the peach <END>
INPUT: sangria, rum, Spanish brandy, rose wine, liters Sprite, Clear colored pitcher
OUTPUT: TITLE: Rose Sangria | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pint bottle rum; 1 pint bottle Spanish brandy; 1 bottle rose wine; 2 liters Sprite; Clear-colored large pitcher filled half-way with ice cubes; Apple slices; Grapes; Lemon slices; Lime slices | INSTRUCTIONS: Measure 3/4 cup rum, 3/4 cup brandy, 2 cups wine, and 2 cups Sprite, and pour all into pitcher over ice and stir with a long wooden spoon. Dice a few pieces of apple, remove a few grapes, both green and purple, from stems and cut in 1/2, and dice a few pieces each of lemon and lime. Add diced fruit to pitcher and stir once more. Pour Sangria into tulip glasses. <END>
INPUT: garlicky, bacon, scallions, carrot, celery, bell pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Garlicky Black-Pepper Shrimp and Black-Eyed Peas | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 bacon slices; 4 scallions, chopped; 1 medium carrot, finely chopped; 1 celery rib, finely chopped; 1/2 medium green bell pepper, chopped; 2 large garlic cloves, finely chopped; 2 Turkish bay leaves or 1 California; 1 or 1 California; 1 teaspoon dried thyme; 1/8 teaspoon hot red-pepper flakes; 2 (15-ounces) cans black-eyed peas, rinsed and drained; 1 3/4 cups reduced-sodium chicken broth; 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1 pound large shrimp, peeled and deveined; 3 large garlic cloves, finely chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: Make black-eyed peas: Cook bacon in a 12-inch heavy skillet over medium heat until browned but not crisp. Transfer bacon to a plate, then tear into small pieces. Cook scallions, carrot, celery, bell pepper, garlic, bay leaves, thyme, red-pepper flakes, 1/8 teaspoon salt, and 1/4 teaspoon pepper in fat in skillet over medium heat, stirring occasionally, until vegetables are pale golden, about 10 minutes. Add black-eyed peas and broth and simmer 5 minutes. Transfer to a bowl. Cook bacon in a 12-inch heavy skillet over medium heat until browned but not crisp. Transfer bacon to a plate, then tear  <END>
INPUT: wild rice, coarse kosher salt, cubes butternut squash, olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Wild Rice with Butternut Squash, Leeks, and Corn | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cups wild rice (about 9 ounces); 2 teaspoons coarse kosher salt; 3 cups 1/2-inch cubes peeled butternut squash (from 11/2-pound squash); 3 tablespoons olive oil; 6 tablespoons (3/4 stick) butter, divided; 1 1/2 cups finely chopped leeks (white part only); 1 1/2 cups frozen white corn kernels, thawed; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh Italian parsley | INSTRUCTIONS: Rinse rice in strainer under cold water; drain. Bring 6 cups water and 2 teaspoons coarse salt to boil in large saucepan. Add rice; bring to boil. Reduce heat; simmer uncovered until rice grains begin to split and are tender but still slightly chewy, about 45 minutes. Drain. Spread on rimmed baking sheet to cool. Transfer to bowl. DO AHEAD: Can be made 1 day ahead. Cover and chill. Preheat oven to 350°F. Oil rimmed baking sheet. Toss squash cubes and 3 tablespoons oil in medium bowl. Spread squash in single layer on prepared sheet; sprinkle with salt and pepper. Roast just until tender but fir <END>
INPUT: Italian, jennifer, garner, orzo, olive oil, onion, garlic, wine
OUTPUT: TITLE: Jennifer Garner's Shrimp and Orzo | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup dry orzo; 2 tsp olive oil; 1 cup chopped onion; 3 cloves garlic, peeled and minced; 1/4 cup white wine; 1 can (28 oz)whole, peeled tomatoes; 2 tbsp chopped fresh parsley; 1 tbsp capers; 1/2 tsp dried oregano; 1/2 tsp dried basil; 1/4 tsp black pepper; 1/4 tsp dried red pepper flakes; 1 lb medium shelled and deveined shrimp; 1/2 cup feta | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook orzo in boiling water according to package directions. Meanwhile, heat oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Add onion and garlic and cook, stirring, for 3 minutes or until onion is translucent. Add wine and cook 1 minute. Toss in drained tomatoes (reserve 1/2 cup juice). Break tomatoes into chunks. Add reserved juice, parsley, capers, oregano, basil, black pepper, and red pepper. Simmer 5 minutes. Add shrimp and cook 2 minutes or until shrimp become opaque. Add cooked orzo to skillet. Mix well. When pasta is thoroughly heated, stir in feta. Serve immediately. Cook orzo in boiling wate <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, purses, phyllo dough, unsalted butter, bittersweet chocolate, granulated sugar, raspberries
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate Phyllo Purses | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 6 sheets phyllo dough; 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted; 8 ounces bittersweet chocolate; 1/4 cup granulated sugar; 2 cups raspberries; 2 tablespoons framboise, raspberry or other liqueur; 2 tablespoons water | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. On a work surface lay out 3 sheets of phyllo dough, brushing lightly with butter in between sheets. Cut stacked sheets into four squares. Place 1-ounce of chocolate in the center of each square. Gather the four corners of the phyllo square up around the chocolate and twist together to form a "purse". Repeat process for each square and then the remaining phyllo sheets and chocolate. Transfer the purses to a baking sheet. Brush purses with remaining butter and sprinkle with granulated sugar. Bake for 10 minutes or until golden brown. In a blender combine the raspbe <END>
INPUT: leeks, cream cheese, salt, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Potatoes with Leeks and Gruyère | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons (1/4 stick) butter; 1 pound leeks (white and pale green parts only), thinly sliced; 1 8-ounce package cream cheese, room temperature; 1 1/2 teaspoons salt; 1 teaspoon ground black pepper; 1/4 teaspoon ground nutmeg; 1 cup whole milk; 3 large eggs; 2 pounds large white-skinned potatoes, peeled, shredded; 3 cups grated Gruyère cheese (about 12 ounces) | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350°F. Butter 13 x 9 x 2-inch baking dish. Melt 2 tablespoons butter in large skillet over medium heat. Add leeks; sauté until tender, about 10 minutes. Transfer to large bowl. Blend cream cheese, salt, pepper and nutmeg in processor. Add milk and eggs. Process just until blended. Transfer to bowl with leeks. Add potatoes and Gruyre. Stir to blend. Transfer mixture to prepared baking dish. Bake potatoes until cooked through and top is brown, about 1 hour. (Can be prepared 1 day ahead. Cool slightly. Cover and refrigerate. Rewarm, covered, in 350°F. oven, about 25 minutes.) Preh <END>
INPUT: herb, turkey, kosher salt, pepper, lemon zest
OUTPUT: TITLE: Herb-Roasted Turkey | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 12-14-pound turkey, giblets and neck removed, at room temperature for 1 hour; 3 tablespoons kosher salt; 1 1/2 tablespoons freshly ground black pepper; 6 tablespoons (3/4 stick) unsalted butter, room temperature; 1 tablespoon finely grated lemon zest; 1 tablespoon minced fresh rosemary; 1 tablespoon minced fresh sage leaves; 1 tablespoon minced fresh thyme leaves; 1 medium onion, quartered; 1 orange, quartered; 1 lemon, quartered | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 450°F. Set a rack inside a large roasting pan. Pat turkey dry with paper towels. Rub bird inside and out with salt and pepper. Place turkey on the rack in the pan. Using a fork, mix butter, lemon zest, rosemary, sage, and thyme in a small bowl. Rub herb butter over top of turkey and inside cavity. Place onion, orange, and lemon inside turkey cavity. Tuck tips of wings under bird (this prevents them from burning during the long roasting time). Pour 4 cups water into pan. Roast turkey, uncovered, for 30 minutes. Reduce oven temperature to 325°F. Baste turkey with pan juices; add  <END>
INPUT: Asian, tempura, rice flour, chile powder, sesame seeds, soda water, cleaned soft shell
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tempura Soft Shell Crab and Asparagus with Yuzu-Maui Onion Salad | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups rice flour; 1 teaspoon chile powder; 2 tablespoons raw sesame seeds; 1 quart cold soda water; 4 cleaned soft shell crabs, primes or hotels; 12 medium, peeled asparagus; 1 maui onion cut into thick 1/2-inch rings; 1 large, peeled and rough chopped maui onion (walla-walla or vidalia would work); 1/3 cup yuzu or ponzu or rice wine vinegar; 1 teaspoon sugar; 1 tablespoon soy sauce; 1 teaspoon sesame oil; Salt and black pepper to taste; 4 cups salad mix containing mizuna and tatsoi | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large bowl, mix flour, chile powder and sesame seeds. Whisk in soda water until a pancake batter consistency is achieved. In one hand, grab one crab, 3 asparagus and 2 onions rings and completely coat in the batter. Lightly drop in 350 degree oil and fry for 4 to 5 minutes until golden brown. Season with salt and drain on paper towels. Repeat with remaining crabs, asparagus and onion. In a food processor, puree everything together until smooth. Check for seasoning. Toss the salad lightly with the vinaigrette. PLATING On a large plate, drizzle some remaining vinaigrette. Place a small moun <END>
INPUT: butterrum, unsalted butter, dark sugar, heavy cream
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sauteed Butterrum Plantains | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup unsalted butter; 3 large, ripe plantains, peeled and sliced 1 inch thick on the diagonal; 3/4 cup dark brown sugar, tightly packed; 6 tablespoons unsalted butter; 3 tablespoons heavy cream; 2 tablespoons dark rum | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large heavy skillet, melt the butter over medium heat. In 2 batches, add the plantains and fry them in a single layer for about 4 minutes on each side. Remove with a slotted spoon and keep warm in a bowl while you fry the second batch. Transfer the second batch of plantains to keep warm with the first. In the same pan, combine the brown sugar, butter, and cream. Stir over medium heat until the sugar has dissolved, then increase the heat to high and bring the mixture to a vigorous boil. Cook for 2 minutes, until slightly thickened. Return the plantains to the pan and stir to coat them even <END>
INPUT: pouch, broccoli rabe, fennel, onion, cherry tomatoes, Leaves from basil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Oil and Vinegar Bass in a Pouch | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound broccoli rabe, rough stems and leaves trimmed; 1 head fennel, trimmed, cored, and thinly sliced; 1 red onion, peeled, halved, and thinly sliced; 16 cherry tomatoes, stemmed and halved; Leaves from 2 large sprigs basil, plus sprigs, for garnish; 7 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, plus more, for drizzling; 4 teaspoons balsamic vinegar, plus more, for drizzling; Salt and freshly ground pepper; 4 (6-ounce) wild striped bass fillets, skinned; 2 preserved lemons, quartered, as a garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring a large stockpot of water to boil and add 2 tablespoons of salt. Set up an ice bath. Cook the broccoli rabe in boiling water until it is bright green and tender, about 4 minutes. Drain, cool in the ice bath, and drain again. Set aside. Preheat oven to 375 degrees F. Lay out 4 (12-inch) pieces of foil out on a counter. Put the fennel, onion, tomatoes, and basil in a medium bowl and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Drizzle with 1 tablespoon of oil and a splash of vinegar. Divide the vegetables between each sheet of foil, making a small mound. Season the fish on both sides with salt a <END>
INPUT: Asian, soup, coconut milk, galangal ginger, lemongrass, kaffir lime leaves, chicken breast
OUTPUT: TITLE: Coconut Chicken Soup | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: One 14-ounce can coconut milk; 6 thin slices fresh galangal or 4 slices fresh ginger; 2 lemongrass stalks, tough outer portion removed tender portion only, chopped and crushed in mortar; 5 fresh kaffir lime leaves, torn inhalf, or 1 tablespoon grated lime zest; 3/4 pound boneless and skinless chicken breast, thinly sliced; 5 tablespoons Thai or Vietnamese fish sauce; 2 tablespoons palm sugar or granulated sugar; 1/2 cup fresh lime juice; 1 teaspoon Thai red curry paste; 1/4 cup coarsely chopped cilantro (fresh coriander); 25 fresh green bird's-eye chiles or 15 fresh green Thai chiles or 8 green serrano chiles, crushed in a mortar with the pestle | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. In a wok or large pot, combine 1 cup of the coconut milk with the galangal, lemongrass, and lime leaves and bring to a boil. Add the chicken, fish sauce, and sugar, reduce the heat to medium, and simmer until the chicken is white and firm, about 4 minutes. Add the remaining coconut milk and heat to just below boiling, about 3 minutes. 2. Divide the lime juice and curry paste into individual serving bowls and ladle the soup over them. Garnish each bowl with the cilantro and crushed chile peppers. Serve immediately. 1. In a wok or large pot, combine 1 cup of the coconut milk with the galangal <END>
INPUT: American, burgers, olive oil, shallot, portobello mushrooms, button mushrooms, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mushroom Burgers | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons olive oil, divided; 1 large shallot, finely chopped; 2 pounds portobello mushrooms, finely chopped; 1/2 cup button mushrooms (roughly chop); 2 garlic cloves, minced; 1/2 cup carrots, minced; 1/4 bunch of Italian parsley, washed, stems removed, finely chopped; 2 cups fresh bread crumbs (about 3 slices); 1 egg; 1 1/2 tablespoons balsamic vinegar; Salt and pepper to taste; 4 ounces Stilton cheese, crumbled; Hamburger buns | INSTRUCTIONS: In a small saute pan over medium heat, heat 1 tablespoon olive oil and saute shallot until translucent. Add mushrooms, garlic, carrots and saute for 10 to 15 minutes, until most of the liquid from mushrooms has evaporated. Remove from heat and pour mixture into a large bowl. Let cool. Stir in parsley, bread crumbs, egg, balsamic vinegar and salt and pepper to taste. The mixing spoon should stand in the mixture. If not, add more bread crumbs Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. Shape mushroom mixture into 4 burgers. Heat remaining oil in a large saute pan over medium high heat and sear until golden o <END>
INPUT: spiked, olive oil, garlic, broccoli florets, cranberries, Salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Garlic-Spiked Broccoli with Cranberries | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 teaspoons olive oil; 3 cloves garlic, minced; 4 cups broccoli florets; 1/2 cup sweetened dried cranberries; Salt and ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Add garlic and saute 1 minute. Add broccoli and cranberries and saute 3 minutes, until broccoli is crisp-tender. Season, to taste, with salt and black pepper. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, quinoa, low sodium chicken, Kosher salt, vegetable oil, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spicy Quinoa with Sweet Potatoes | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 3/4 cups quinoa; 3 cups low-sodium chicken broth; Kosher salt; 3 tablespoons vegetable oil; 1/2 red onion, thinly sliced; 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped; 1 tablespoon ancho chile powder; 1 teaspoon ground coriander; 1/2 teaspoon ground cumin; 1 small red jalapeno pepper, seeded and thinly sliced; 2 small sweet potatoes, peeled and cut into 1/2-inch pieces; 1/3 cup roughly chopped fresh cilantro; 1 to 2 tablespoons fresh lime juice | INSTRUCTIONS: Put the quinoa in a bowl and cover with water; drain. Repeat twice; drain well. (This will help remove bitterness.) Transfer the quinoa to a medium saucepan over medium heat and stir constantly until the quinoa is dry, about 8 minutes. Add 1 1/2 cups chicken broth, 3/4 cup water and 1/2 teaspoon salt. Bring to a simmer, then cover the pan, leaving the lid slightly ajar to let steam escape; reduce the heat to medium low and cook until the quinoa is tender and the liquid is absorbed, about 15 minutes. Meanwhile, heat the vegetable oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Add the red onion and ga <END>
INPUT: Italian, calzone, ricotta cheese, Salt pepper, salami, Parmigiano Reggiano
OUTPUT: TITLE: Calzone Rolls with Salami, Tomato and Basil | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 4 large, crusty Keiser rolls; 1 1/2 cups ricotta cheese; Salt and pepper; 1/4 pound salami, chopped; 1/4 cup Parmigiano-Reggiano; 8 slices fresh mozzarella; 8 slices vine ripe tomato; 8 fresh basil leaves, torn or sliced | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat the oven to 325 degrees F. Split the Keiser rolls favoring the bottom half a little. Scoop a little of the white soft insides out of the bottoms. Season the ricotta with a little salt and pepper. Stir the salami and grated cheese into ricotta. Fill the rolls with the ricotta and salami. Cover the ricotta with mozzarella, tomato and basil. Set covers in place and bake to heat through 10 to 12 minutes. Cut and serve. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, chile, kebabs, cumin seeds, scallions, jalapeno pepper, piece ginger, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cumin-Chile Pork Kebabs | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons cumin seeds; 4 scallions (3 roughly chopped, 1 thinly sliced); 1 jalapeno pepper, roughly chopped (remove seeds for less heat); 1 2-inch piece ginger, peeled and roughly chopped; 1 clove garlic, roughly chopped; 3 tablespoons vegetable oil, plus more for brushing; 1 tablespoon packed light brown sugar; 1/4 cup plus 2 teaspoons soy sauce; 1 teaspoon Chinese five-spice powder; Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper; 2 pork tenderloins (about 1 1/2 pounds total), trimmed and cut into 1 1/2-to-2-inch pieces; 1/4 cup rice vinegar (not seasoned); 1 teaspoon toasted sesame oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Soak 12 long wooden skewers in water, at least 30 minutes. Meanwhile, toast the cumin seeds in a small skillet over medium heat, swirling the pan, until slightly golden, about 4 minutes. Transfer to a plate. Combine the 3 chopped scallions, the jalapeno, ginger, garlic, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, the brown sugar, 2 teaspoons soy sauce, the five-spice powder, 3/4 teaspoon salt and 1/2 teaspoon pepper in a food processor and pulse until a paste forms. Add the toasted cumin seeds; pulse once or twice to crack them slightly. Lightly season the pork with salt and pepper; rub with about three-quart <END>
INPUT: Mexican, nachos, pork chorizo, onions, wine, lemon, Monterrey Jack cheese
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chorizo Nachos | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 9 ounces raw pork chorizo, removed from casing; 1/2 cup chopped white onions; 3/4 cup white wine; 1 lemon, juiced; 1 pound shredded Monterrey Jack cheese; 1 tablespoon cornstarch; One 11-ounce package tortilla chips; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh cilantro; 1 tablespoon chopped chives | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large heavy saute pan, cook the chorizo over medium-high heat until crisp, about 6 minutes. Add the onions and cook until translucent, about 4 minutes. Transfer to a paper towel to drain off excess fat. In a saucepan, add the wine and lemon juice. Bring slowly to a boil and reduce the heat to medium low. Add the cheese and cornstarch and whisk until the cheese is fully melted. Arrange the tortilla chips on a serving platter. Drizzle with the melted cheese mixture. Top with chorizo-onion mixture. Garnish with the cilantro and chives. Serve immediately. <END>
INPUT: Italian, olive oil, sweet onions, garlic, bell peppers, turkey
OUTPUT: TITLE: Turkey Chili | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon olive oil; 1 cup chopped sweet onions; 1 tablespoon minced garlic; 1/4 cup chopped yellow bell peppers; 1 pound ground turkey; 1 (28-ounce) can crushed organic tomatoes, undrained; 1 (16-ounce) can red kidney beans, drained and rinsed; 1 tablespoon chili powder; 1 tablespoon sugar; 2 cups low-sodium chicken stock; 1/2 teaspoon garlic powder; 1 teaspoon hot sauce (recommended: Tabasco); 11/2 teaspoons sea salt; 1 teaspoon dried basil; 1/2 teaspoon dried oregano | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large skillet, saute onions, garlic and bell peppers in olive oil over medium heat until onions are translucent. Add ground turkey and cook until browned. Add remaining ingredients and stir well to combine. Reduce heat to low and simmer for 1 hour, stirring occasionally. <END>
INPUT: fondant, egg, egg yolk
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate Fondant | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 tbsp (60 ml) unsalted butter, plus extra to grease; 2 tsp (10 ml) unsweetened cocoa powder, to dust; 2 oz (50 g) good-quality dark, bittersweet chocolate (minimum 70% cocoa solids), in pieces; 1 large egg; 1 large egg yolk; 1/3 cup (75 ml) superfine sugar; 2 tbsp (30 ml) Tia Maria liqueur; 1/3 cup (75 ml) all-purpose flour, sifted; crème fraîche or vanilla ice cream, to serve | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat the oven to 325°F (160°C). Butter 4 ramekins (3 inches/7.5 cm in diameter) and dust liberally with cocoa powder. Melt the chocolate and butter in a small bowl set over a pan of hot water, then take off the heat and stir until smooth. Using an electric whisk, beat the whole egg, egg yolk, and sugar together until pale and thick, then incorporate the chocolate mixture. Fold in the liqueur, followed by the flour. Divide the chocolate mixture among the ramekins and bake for 12 minutes. Turn the chocolate fondants out onto warm plates and serve immediately with a dollop of crème fraîche or a s <END>
INPUT: melba, cake, unsalted butter more, sugar sugar, eggs, pure vanilla extract, zest lemon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Peach Melba Cream Cake | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 cup softened unsalted butter plus more for greasing the pans; 1 cup sugar and 1/2 cup brown sugar; 3 eggs; 1 1/2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract; Finely grated zest of 1 lemon; 1/4 cup fresh lemon juice; 2 1/2 cups all-purpose flour; 1 1/2 teaspoons baking soda; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1 1/2 cups buttermilk; 4 pounds ripe peaches; 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 2 1/2 tablespoons sugar; 2 cups heavy cream; 1 1/2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. Preheat the oven to 350°F. Butter two 9-inch cake pans. Line the bottoms with wax paper and butter the paper; dust the pans with flour. 2. Cream the 3/4 cup butter and sugars in a mixing bowl. Add the eggs one at a time, beating well after each addition. Beat in the vanilla, lemon zest, and juice. 3. Sift together the flour, baking soda, and salt; add to mixture in the bowl, alternating with buttermilk, to make batter. 4. Scrape batter into the pans. Bake until a toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean, about 35 to 40 minutes. Cool the cakes in their pans on a rack for 15 minutes,  <END>
INPUT: skewers, unsalted butter, dark sugar, kosher salt, cayenne, bourbon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Bacon Bourbon Brussels Sprout Skewers | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1/3 cup dark brown sugar; 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt; 1/8 teaspoon cayenne; 2/3 cup bourbon; 1 pound slab bacon, cut into 1-inch cubes; 15 small Brussels sprouts, trimmed (about 1/2 pound); Nonstick cooking spray | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Special equipment: fifteen 8-inch bamboo skewers Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Combine the butter, brown sugar, salt, cayenne and bourbon in a small saucepan over medium heat. Whisking constantly, cook until the butter has melted and the mixture has formed a smooth sauce, about 8 minutes. Spread the bacon out on a small baking sheet and bake for 8 to 10 minutes, just to begin to render the fat. Set aside. Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil over high heat. Add the Brussels sprouts and simmer until just barely tender and still bright green, 5 minutes. <END>
INPUT: American, sandwich, Olive oil, thyme, Salt, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Salmon Sandwich | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 4 (4-ounce) salmon fillets; Olive oil; 4 teaspoons chopped thyme; Salt; Freshly ground black pepper; Potato Dill bread or good quality bakery bread; 1 Japanese cucumber; Salmon Remoulade, recipe follows; 2 tomatoes, sliced; 4 ounces arugula, cleaned; House Dressing, recipe follows; Lemon Aioli, recipe follows; 1 tablespoon drained and chopped capers; 2 teaspoons whole grain mustard; 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Preheat a grill. Rub the salmon fillets with oil and thyme. Season with salt and pepper. Grill the salmon until marked on both sides and medium doneness, about 2 to 3 minutes per side. Remove from the grill and set aside. Cut the bread into 8 (1/2-inch thick) slices. Place the bread on a sheet pan and brush with olive oil. Place the bread in the oven and cook until lightly toasted, about 10 minutes. Remove the ends from the cucumber and slice in half horizontally. Slice on a mandoline into 1/8-inch thick slices. Spread the Salmon Remoulade on 2 slices of the  <END>
INPUT: American, garlic, jalapenos, onion, cilantro
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spicy Cheese Dip | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 (12-ounce) can stewed tomatoes with juice; 4 to 6 cloves garlic; 3 whole fresh jalapenos; 1 whole medium white onion; 2 to 3 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro; 4 to 6 fresh Roma tomatoes; Kosher salt; Fresh ground pepper; 1/2 lime, juiced; 1 1/2 pounds ground beef; 1 large chopped onion; 1 or 2 chopped jalapenos; 1 tablespoon freshly chopped garlic; Salt and pepper; 2 pounds velveta cheese, cubed | INSTRUCTIONS: Puree stewed tomato juice only, garlic and 2 jalapenos in a blender or processor. Finely chop the onion, 1 jalapeno, 2 to 3 tablespoons of cilantro and 4 to 6 Roma tomatoes. Roughly chop the stewed tomatoes. Mix all these ingredients in a large bowl. Season with kosher salt, fresh ground pepper and lime juice.; Cook the ground beef, onion, jalapenos, garlic and dash of salt and pepper. Drain excess fat in a small bowl. Add the beef mixture to slow cooker and put on medium setting. Keep hot. Add cubes of cheese, cream of mushroom soup and milk and stir. Next add 2 cups of the salsa mixture to t <END>
INPUT: American, creamed, bacon, chicken breast halves, corn, milk, unsalted butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Creamed Chicken with Corn and Bacon Over Polenta | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 6 bacon slices, cut into 1/2-inch pieces; 1 lb skinless boneless chicken breast halves; 2 cups fresh corn; 1 cup milk; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 2 tablespoons all-purpose flour; 1 1/4 cups heavy cream; 1/2 teaspoon black pepper; 1 teaspoon kosher salt; 3 large plum tomatoes, seeded and finely diced; 6 cups water; 2 1/2 teaspoons kosher salt; 1 1/2 cups instant polenta; 1/2 lb Fontina cheese (preferably Italian), diced; 1/2 cup finely grated parmesan | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook bacon and chicken: Cook bacon in a large heavy skillet (preferably cast-iron) over moderate heat, stirring, until crisp. Transfer bacon with a slotted spoon to paper towels, then pour off all but about 1 1/2 tablespoons fat from skillet. Pat chicken dry and season with salt and pepper. Add to skillet with bacon fat and cook over moderately high heat, turning several times, until nicely crusted and just cooked through, 8 to 10 minutes. Transfer to a plate and cool. Tear chicken into bite-size pieces. Cook bacon and chicken: Cook bacon in a large heavy skillet (preferably cast-iron) over mo <END>
INPUT: confit, salt, peppercorns, rendered duck pork, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Duck Confit | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 (5 pound) ducks; 2 teaspoons salt; 2 tablespoons black peppercorns, cracked; 6 cups rendered duck or pork fat; 12 garlic cloves, peeled; 12 fresh thyme sprigs | INSTRUCTIONS: Remove ducks' legs and breasts, saving remaining bones and wings for brown duck stock. Leaving bones and skin attached, chop breasts into halves. With a cleaver, remove tips of drumsticks to use in stock. Sprinkle all over with salt and pepper, and set aside at room temperature 45 minutes. Then place duck pieces in a Dutch oven with rendered fat, garlic and thyme. Cook over low heat, uncovered, 1 1/2 to 2 hours. To test for doneness, pierce with a sharp fork. It should just fall off fork when shaken. Transfer duck pieces to a medium baking dish and add the fat. Let cool to room temperature, co <END>
INPUT: Italian, noodles, zucchini, squash, kosher salt, lemon juice, honey
OUTPUT: TITLE: Zucchini "Noodles" With Eggplant and Tomatoes | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 2 medium zucchini (about 1 1/4 pounds), spiralized or cut into matchsticks; 2 medium yellow squash (about 1 1/4 pounds), spiralized or cut into matchsticks; 2 1/2 teaspoons kosher salt, divided; 1 tablespoon plus 2 teaspoons fresh lemon juice; 1 teaspoon honey; 1/8 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 3/4 cup (packed) basil leaves, chopped, divided; 5 tablespoons olive oil, divided, plus more for drizzling; 2 garlic cloves, thinly sliced; 1 1/2 large long Chinese eggplants (about 3/4 pound), cut into 1/4" slices on the bias; 2 cups cherry tomatoes, divided; 1/4 cup pitted cured black olives, halved, divided; 1 (8-ounce) ball fresh buffalo mozzarella, thinly sliced | INSTRUCTIONS: Place zucchini and squash in a strainer set over a bowl. Sprinkle with 1 Tbsp. salt and toss to combine. Let sit 10 minutes, then shake in strainer, pressing gently, to remove any excess liquid. Meanwhile, whisk lemon juice, honey, pepper, 1/2 cup basil, 3 Tbsp. oil, and 1/4 tsp. salt in a large bowl. Heat remaining 2 Tbsp. oil in a large skillet over medium. Cook garlic until it begins to sizzle and turn golden brown, 5–7 minutes. Using a slotted spoon, transfer to bowl with dressing. Increase heat to medium-high, add eggplant and 1 cup tomatoes, and cook, stirring occasionally, until eggplan <END>
INPUT: gingered, summer, sugar, water, gingerroot, nectarines, plums
OUTPUT: TITLE: Gingered Brioche Summer Pudding with Sour Cream Mascarpone | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup sugar; 3/4 cup water; 5 teaspoons finely grated peeled fresh gingerroot, or to taste; 4 firm-ripe nectarines (about 1 3/4 pounds), pitted and cut into 1/2-inch wedges; 4 firm-ripe plums (about 1 1/2 pounds), pitted and cut into 1/2-inch wedges; 3 cups picked over blueberries, rinsed; 2 teaspoons fresh lemon juice; four to eight 1/2-inch-thick slices (about 1/2 pound) from loaf of brioche or challah; Accompaniment:Sour Cream Mascarpone | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large saucepan bring sugar, water, and gingerroot to a boil, stirring until sugar is dissolved. Stir in fruit and simmer gently, covered, carefully stirring occasionally, until blueberries just begin to burst, about 5 minutes. Remove pan from heat and stir in lemon juice. Transfer fruit mixture to a shallow baking dish to cool as quickly as possible. Transfer 1 1/2 cups cooled fruit mixture to a bowl and reserve, covered and chilled. Preheat oven to 400°F. On a baking sheet arrange bread slices in one layer and toast in middle of oven, turning them if necessary, until golden brown on both <END>
INPUT: yellow, sugar, cake flour, baking powder, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Yellow Butter Cake | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup (2 sticks) unsalted butter, plus more for greasing, at room temperature; 2 cups sugar; 3 1/2 cups cake flour; 1 tablespoon baking powder; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 4 large eggs, plus 2 large egg whites, at room temperature; 2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract; 1 cup whole or low-fat milk | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. Preheat the oven to 350°F. Generously grease and flour 2 (8-inch) cake pans. 2. In a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, combine the butter and sugar and beat on medium speed until the mixture is smooth and light in texture, about 4 minutes. While the butter is beating, sift together the flour, baking powder, and salt in a medium bowl and set aside. 3. Add the eggs and egg whites to the butter-sugar mixture, one at a time, beating well and scraping down the bowl after each addition. In a small bowl or measuring cup, combine the vanilla with the milk. In 3 additions alternate addi <END>
INPUT: gooey, less, cake mix, reduced fat buttermilk, canola oil, egg
OUTPUT: TITLE: Gooey (With Less) Butter Cake | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Nonstick cooking spray; One 18 1/4-ounce package yellow cake mix, such as Dr. Oetker Organic Cake Mix; 1/2 cup reduced-fat buttermilk; 1 tablespoon canola oil; 1 egg, lightly beaten; One 8-ounce package neufchatel cream cheese; 3/4 cup confectioners' sugar; 1/4 cup plain nonfat Greek-style yogurt; 1 tablespoon melted butter; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract | INSTRUCTIONS: For the cake: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Spray a 9-by-9-inch baking dish with nonstick cooking spray. Place the cake mix, buttermilk, oil and egg in a large bowl and, using an electric hand mixer, blend together until smooth. Pour the mixture into the prepared baking dish. For the filling: Beat the cream cheese until smooth. Beat in the sugar, yogurt, butter and vanilla. Spread over the cake mixture. Bake 40 to 45 minutes. You want the center to be a little gooey, so do not over bake. <END>
INPUT: Italian, olive oil, portobello mushrooms, Salt pepper, virgin olive oil, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Portobello Mushrooms with Tomatoes and Fresh Mozzarella | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons olive oil, plus extra for greasing grill pan; 4 large portobello mushrooms (about 5 inches in diameter), stemmed; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, plus extra for drizzling; 2 cloves garlic, minced; 3 small to medium sized vine ripened tomatoes, cut into 1/2-inch pieces; 8 ounces fresh water-packed mozzarella, drained, cut into 1/2-inch cubes; 1/4 cup chopped fresh basil leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Prepare the barbecue (medium-high heat). Drizzle 3 tablespoons of olive oil over both sides of the mushrooms. Sprinkle the mushrooms with salt and pepper. Drizzle olive oil on grill pan to prevent mushrooms from sticking. Grill until the mushrooms are heated through and tender, about 5 minutes per side. Meanwhile, whisk the extra-virgin olive oil and garlic in a medium bowl to blend. Add the tomatoes, cheese, and basil and toss to coat. Season the tomato salad, to taste, with salt and pepper. Place 1 hot grilled mushroom gill side up on each of 4 plates. Sprinkle <END>
INPUT: American, poivre, aioli, each eye steaks, coarse peppercorn
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Rib Eye Steak au Poivre with Dijon-Roasted Garlic Aioli Panko Fries and Tomato Salad | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 4 each 10 ounce rib eye steaks; 2 tablespoons coarse ground black peppercorn; 1 tablespoon coarse ground white peppercorn; 1 tablespoon coarse ground green peppercorn; 1 tablespoon coarse ground red peppercorn; 1/2 tablespoon szechwan peppercorn; Salt to taste; 4 heads roasted garlic; 2 tablespoons dijon mustard; 2 egg yolks; 2 cup canola oil; Juice of 1/2 lemon; Salt and black pepper to taste; 6 large baking potatoes, washed and wrapped in foil and pricked (Can use leftover mashed potatoes); 8 garlic cloves | INSTRUCTIONS: Mix the peppercorns together on a plate. Season the steaks with salt then press lightly into the peppercorns on both sides. Place on a hot grill. Cook for 6-8 minutes, turning once for medium-rare. Let rest 3 minutes before serving. For the aioli: In a food processor, add roasted garlic cloves, dijon and yolks. While processor is on, drizzle in oil, slowly at first until it emulsifies then more quickly. Add juice, salt and pepper and pulse to incorporate. Check for seasoning. Store in fridge. For the fries: Bake the potatoes until fully cooked (about 45 minutes at 350 degrees, knife should sli <END>
INPUT: spiced, skin chicken drumsticks, allspice, Cayenne pepper, Kosher salt pepper, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Spiced Chicken and Plums | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 8 skin-on chicken drumsticks (about 1 1/2 pounds); 1 1/4 teaspoons ground allspice; Cayenne pepper, to taste; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 cloves garlic, grated; 3 tablespoons plus 1 teaspoon extra-virgin olive oil; Juice of 1 lemon; 2 plums, halved and pitted; 2 tablespoons honey; 1 bunch broccoli, cut into florets; 1/4 cup sliced almonds; 1/2 cup plain low-fat yogurt | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat a grill to medium. Season the chicken with 1 teaspoon allspice, 1/4 to 1/2 teaspoon cayenne, and salt and black pepper to taste; transfer to a large bowl and toss with 1 garlic clove, 2 tablespoons olive oil and half of the lemon juice. Toss the plums with 1 teaspoon olive oil, the remaining 1/4 teaspoon allspice and a pinch each of cayenne and salt in another large bowl. Grill the chicken, turning occasionally, until marked, 10 minutes. Cover and continue grilling until cooked through, 15 to 20 minutes. (Move the chicken to a cooler part of the grill if it's getting too dark.) Grill t <END>
INPUT: Mexican, barbecued, quesadillas, lime, sour cream, Salt, canola oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Barbecued Duck Quesadillas with Lime Sour Cream | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2 whole boneless, skinless duck breasts; 1 lime, juiced; 1 cup sour cream; Salt; 1/2 tablespoon canola oil; 1 small onion, cut into medium dice; Freshly ground black pepper; 1 cup your favorite smoky barbecue sauce; 8 flour tortillas; 1 ripe mango, peeled, seeded, and cut into thin strips; 1 poblano chile, roasted, stemmed, peeled, and cut into thin strips; 1 small red onion, cut into thin rings and grilled; 1 cup grated jalapeno jack; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh cilantro; 4 sprigs fresh cilantro | INSTRUCTIONS: Prepare smoker for cold smoke. Place breasts on a smoker rack and put in smoker for 15 minutes. Remove from smoker. In a small bowl, add fresh lime juice to sour cream and stir. Season with salt, to taste. Refrigerate until ready to serve. Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Place duck breasts in saute pan and place in oven. Roast duck for 10 minutes or until medium-rare. Remove from oven and cool. Using a sharp knife, dice duck breasts into 1/2-inch pieces. Place oil in a large saute pan over medium high heat. When hot, add onions and saute for 3 minutes or until onions are translucent. Add diced  <END>
INPUT: Italian, bites, slice wheat bread, oregano leaves, Parmesan, flat leaf parsley
OUTPUT: TITLE: Artichoke Bites | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 slice whole wheat bread, crusts removed; 1/4 teaspoon dried oregano leaves; 1 (6-ounce) jar oil-marinated artichoke hearts, drained, rinsed, and chopped; 1/3 cup freshly grated Parmesan (about 1 1/4 ounce); 2 tablespoons chopped fresh flat-leaf parsley; 1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil; 1/2 small onion, chopped; 1 clove garlic, chopped; 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt; 1/4 teaspoon red pepper flakes; 3 large eggs | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Lightly butter or spray a 6-cup nonstick muffin tin. Toast the bread slice until crisp. Cool and cut the toast into small pieces into a medium-size bowl and add the oregano, artichoke hearts, cheese, and parsley. Heat the oil in a small skillet over medium heat, add the onion, garlic, salt, and red pepper flakes, and cook until soft, about 5 minutes. Stir into the artichoke mixture. Lightly beat the eggs in a small bowl until foamy, stir into the artichoke mixture; spoon a 1/4 cup of the mixture into each of the muffin cups. Cook until lightly puffed, golden, <END>
INPUT: French, fondue, Eighteen baguette, virgin olive oil, garlic, oregano, fennel seeds
OUTPUT: TITLE: Beer and Italian Sausage Fondue | CUISINE: French | INGREDIENTS: Eighteen 1/3-inch-thick baguette slices, cut diagonally; 1/2 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 3 cloves garlic, minced; 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh oregano; 2 teaspoons fennel seeds, crushed using a mortar and pestle or place in a zip top bag and crush with a rolling pin; Freshly ground black pepper; 1 cup beer, such as a brown ale, pale ale or lager, at room temperature, plus extra, as needed; 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1 pound sweet Italian sausage, casings removed; 1 medium onion, chopped (about 1 1/2 cups); 2 teaspoons fennel seeds, crushed using a mortar and pestle or place in a zip top bag and crush with a rolling pin; 1/4 teaspoon kosher salt; 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 3 tablespoons all-purpose flour | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. For the crostini: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Arrange the baguette slices in a single layer on a large baking sheet. Mix the oil, garlic, oregano and fennel seeds in a small bowl. Brush the oil mixture over the top of the baguette slices. Sprinkle lightly with pepper. Bake the baguette slices until lightly toasted but still slightly soft, 12 to 15 minutes. For the fondue: Mix together the beer and mustard in a small bowl. Heat the oil over medium-high heat in a large nonstick skillet. Add the sausage, onions, fennel seeds, salt and pepper. Break the sausag <END>
INPUT: gratin, heavy cream, chipotle chile peppers, sweet potatoes, Gruyere cheese, nutmeg
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spicy Sweet Potato Gratin | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 to 4 cups heavy cream; 2 dried chipotle chile peppers or dried chile of choice; 5 large sweet potatoes, peeled and very thinly sliced; 3 cups grated Gruyere cheese; Freshly grated nutmeg; Salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. In a saucepan combine heavy cream and chipotle chile peppers. Bring to a boil, simmer for 5 minutes and remove from heat. Allow to sit for 10 minutes and strain. For a spicy flavor, stem and seed the chiles and in a blender puree the heavy cream with the chiles until smooth. In a 13 by 9-inch baking dish, spread out one-third of the sweet potatoes. Sprinkle 1 cup of the cheese over the potatoes and season with grated nutmeg, salt and pepper. Pour about 1 cup of the heavy cream over the potatoes and cheese. Repeat procedure two more times ending with cheese on top <END>
INPUT: cranberry, sorbet, cranberries, water, sugar, coarse kosher salt, vanilla bean
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cranberry and Vanilla Bean Sorbet | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 12-ounce package fresh or frozen cranberries (about 3 cups); 2 1/2 cups water; 2 cups sugar; 1/2 teaspoon coarse kosher salt; 1 vanilla bean, split lengthwise; 1/4 cup fresh lemon juice | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine cranberries, 2 1/2 cups water, sugar, and coarse salt in large heavy saucepan. Scrape in seeds from vanilla bean. Add bean to mixture and bring to boil over medium heat, stirring until sugar dissolves. Reduce heat to low; simmer until cranberries pop and are soft, stirring occasionally, about 10 minutes. Cool to room temperature. Remove vanilla bean from cranberry mixture. Working in batches, puree cranberry mixture in blender. Strain into large bowl; discard solids. Stir in lemon juice. Refrigerate cranberry mixture until well chilled, at least 4 hours or overnight. Transfer cranberry <END>
INPUT: aioli, slivered almonds, olive oil, kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Almond Aioli | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup slivered almonds; 1/4 cup olive oil; 1/2 tsp kosher salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Purée almonds, oil, salt, and 1/2 cup water in a high-powered blender on high speed until thick, light, and smooth, about 3 minutes. Purée almonds, oil, salt, and 1/2 cup water in a high-powered blender on high speed until thick, light, and smooth, about 3 minutes. Do Ahead Aioli can be made 2 days ahead. Cover and chill. Thin with water if needed. Aioli can be made 2 days ahead. Cover and chill. Thin with water if needed. <END>
INPUT: cakes, cranberry juice, coconut, vanilla extract
OUTPUT: TITLE: Vanilla Cranberry Can Cakes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 (17 1/2-ounce) boxes blueberry muffin mix (recommended: Krusteaz); 2 cups white cranberry juice; 2 (16-ounce) cans whole cranberries, drained and rinsed (recommended: Ocean Spray); 2 1/2 cups shredded coconut, toasted; 2 teaspoons vanilla extract; 2 teaspoons ground cinnamon; 1 egg | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. Spray the inside of 5 (16-ounce) cranberry cans (or similar) with cooking spray. In a large mixing bowl, combine muffin mix, juice, cranberries (save the remaining contents from the other 3 cans for pancakes!), coconut, vanilla, cinnamon, and egg. Stir to combine. Divide batter among the prepared cans and place cans on a baking sheet. Bake in oven for 25 to 30 minutes, or until tester comes out clean. <END>
INPUT: soup, bowl, acorn squash, apples, onion, olive oil, thyme
OUTPUT: TITLE: Acorn Squash Soup in a Squash Bowl | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 acorn squash (5 to 6-inch diameter); 2 green apples, peeled, cored and cut into wedges; 1 yellow onion, cut into wedges; 2 tablespoons plus 1 teaspoon olive oil; 2 sprigs fresh thyme, leaves picked; Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper; 2 sprigs fresh sage, leaves picked and torn, plus more for garnish; Vegetable broth, as needed | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Halve the acorn squashes widthwise and scoop out the seeds and any loose fibers. Discard the fibers and reserve the seeds for garnish, if desired. Set aside the bottom halves of the squash as these will be soup bowls. Cut the top halves of acorn squash into large chunks and place on a baking sheet along with the apples and onions. Drizzle 2 tablespoons of the olive oil over the veggies, tossing to coat. Sprinkle with the thyme and some salt and pepper, and then scatter the sage leaves on top. Roast until dark golden brown, about 40 minutes. Let the squash coo <END>
INPUT: roomful, oil, onion, garlic, ginger, serrano jalapeno chili
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roomful of Mushrooms | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon cooking oil; 1/2 cup diced onion; 1 teaspoon finely chopped garlic; 1 teaspoon finely chopped ginger; 1 small serrano or jalapeno chili pepper, seeded and thinly sliced; 2 ounces snow peas, ends and strings removed; 1 small red bell pepper, seeded and cut into 1-inch squares; 1 pound assorted mushrooms (e.g. cremini, portobello, oyster or straw), stems trimmed (if using shiitake or oysters, remove stems), cut into slices or; 2 tablespoons oyster-flavored sauce; 2 tablespoons sweet rice wine | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large skillet or wok, heat oil over medium heat until hot. Add onion, cook and stir until tender, about 3 minutes. Add garlic, ginger, chili pepper, snow peas, bell pepper and mushrooms (except oyster mushrooms if used). Cook and stir until moisture evaporates, 5 to 7 minutes. Add oyster mushrooms (if used). Cook until barely softened, about 2 minutes. Stir in oyster-flavored sauce and wine. <END>
INPUT: Italian, holiday, baguettes, Olive oil, butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Holiday Cheesecake | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 2 baguettes; Olive oil, for brushing; 3 tablespoons butter, melted; 1 (15-ounce container) whole milk ricotta cheese; 2 (8-ounce) packages cream cheese; 4 ounces goat cheese (about 1/2 cup); 4 large eggs; 1 tablespoon sugar; 1/4 teaspoon kosher salt; 3/4 cup diced roasted red bell peppers; 1/3 cup chopped fresh basil leaves; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh thyme leaves; 1/2 cup strawberry jam; 1 tablespoon hot water; Special equipment: 1 (8-inch) diameter springform (cheesecake) pan | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. To make the crostini, cut the baguettes into 1/4-inch thick slices. Using a pastry brush, brush the baguette slices with olive oil. Place on 2 foil-lined baking sheets and bake until crisp and golden, about 12 to 15 minutes. Reserve 25 of the crostini slices for the cheesecake. Cool the remaining crostini, then store in an airtight container until ready to serve. To make the cheesecake crust, put the 25 crostini slices in a food processor and run the machine until crostini are like bread crumbs, about 1 minute. Add the melted bu <END>
INPUT: Italian, ravioli, glaze, apple cider, pepper, turkey, pork, Asiago cheese
OUTPUT: TITLE: Wonton Ravioli with Apple Cider Glaze | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 4 cups apple cider; 1 1/2 teaspoons freshly ground black pepper; 8 ounces ground turkey; 8 ounces ground pork; 1/2 cup finely grated Asiago cheese; 1 shallot, minced; 2 cloves garlic, minced; 2 tablespoons coarsely chopped fresh sage; 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 1 (1 pound/454 g) package round wonton wrappers (60 wonton wrappers); 1 egg, whisked for egg wash; 1/4 cup finely chopped fresh chives; Salt; Carrot and Fennel Salad with White Wine Dressing, recipe follows | INSTRUCTIONS: For the apple cider glaze: Put the apple cider in a large saute pan over high heat. Once apple cider has reduced by 1/2 and has achieved thick syrup consistency, add the black pepper, stir, and set aside. For the wonton ravioli: In a tall-rimmed saute pan bring heavily salted water to a boil. Reduce the heat slightly to a gentle boil. For the wonton filling: Put the ground turkey, ground pork, Asiago cheese, minced shallot, minced garlic, sage, and black pepper, in a large bowl and mix well to incorporate. To assemble the wonton ravioli: Put a wonton wrapper on a clean dry working surface and  <END>
INPUT: Italian, bolognese, olive oil, onions, carrot, fennel seeds, spicy Italian turkey
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lasagna with Turkey Sausage Bolognese | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons olive oil; 2 cups chopped onions; 1/2 cup diced carrot; 1 tablespoon fennel seeds, crushed in spice mill or in mortar with pestle; 1 pound spicy Italian turkey sausages, casings removed; 3 large garlic cloves, pressed; 1/2 cup dry white wine; 5 cups crushed tomatoes with added puree (from two 28-ounce cans); 1 cup chopped fresh basil, divided; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh oregano; 1 15-ounce container whole-milk ricotta cheese; 3 cups (packed) coarsely grated whole- milk mozzarella cheese (12 ounces); 1 1/4 cups freshly grated Parmesan cheese, divided; 16 6 1/2 x 3 1/4-inch no-boil lasagna noodles | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat oil in large nonstick skillet over medium-high heat. Add onions, carrot, and fennel seeds; sauté 5 minutes. Add sausage and garlic; sauté until sausage is cooked through, breaking into pieces, 8 to 10 minutes. Add wine; boil 1 minute. Add tomatoes, 1/2 cup basil, and oregano. Bring to boil. Reduce heat; simmer until sauce thickens, about 10 minutes. Season with salt and pepper. Combine ricotta, mozzarella, 1 cup Parmesan, and 1/2 cup basil in medium bowl; stir to blend. Season with pepper. DO AHEAD: Sauce and cheese mixture can be made 1 day ahead. Cover separately; chill. Place noodles i <END>
INPUT: American, all purpose flour, Parmesan, salt, ice water
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Chicken Pot Pie | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 1/2 cups all-purpose flour; 8 ounces (2 sticks) unsalted butter, cut into 1/2-inch cubes; 1/4 cup finely grated Parmesan; Pinch of salt; 8 tablespoons ice water; 3 pounds bone-in, skin-on chicken thighs, rinsed and patted dry; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1/2 teaspoon granulated garlic; 1/2 teaspoon paprika; Kosher salt and ground black pepper; 6 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1 large onion, chopped finely; Kosher salt and ground black pepper; 3 medium carrots, peeled and cut crosswise into 1/4-inch pieces; 1 small bulb fennel, cut into quarters and sliced crosswise into 1/4-inch pieces | INSTRUCTIONS: For the crust: Combine the flour, butter, Parmesan and a pinch of salt in the bowl of a food processor fitted with the pastry blade. Pulse a few times until the mixture resembles fine gravel. Add up to 8 tablespoons of ice water, a few tablespoons at a time, until the dough comes together and forms a ball. Remove from the food processor and form the dough into a disk; wrap it in plastic wrap and refrigerate for at least 30 minutes or until ready to use. For the roast chicken: Meanwhile, preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. In a large bowl, slather the chicken with the olive oil and sprinkle with <END>
INPUT: Mexican, margarita, Ice cubes, tequila, Triple Sec, lime juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Margarita Bar | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: Ice cubes; Ice cubes; 3 parts white tequila; 2 parts Triple Sec; 1 part fresh lime juice; 3 parts white tequila; 2 parts Triple Sec; 1 part fresh lime juice; 1 part water; 1 part sugar; 1 part water; 1 part sugar; 1/4 cup kosher salt; 2 limes, zested; 1/4 cup kosher salt | INSTRUCTIONS: For the original margarita: Ratio for any volume of margarita: 3:2:1 = 3 parts tequila: 2 parts Triple Sec, 1 part lime juice. Place whichever amount you choose, depending upon your guests, into a large pitcher.; For the simple syrup: Simmer water and sugar over high heat until the sugar has completely dissolved then chill.; For the lime salt: Combine the salt and lime zest with a mortar and pestle. Set in a plate to dip your glass in.; For the margarita bar: Have buckets if ice and shakers set up around the margarita pitchers. Fill glasses with ice, original margarita and flavor profiles, if  <END>
INPUT: Italian, salad, Kosher salt, mostaccioli penne pasta, mayonnaise, milk, vinegar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spicy Pasta Salad With Smoked Gouda, Tomatoes and Basil | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: Kosher salt; 12 ounces mostaccioli or penne pasta; 1/2 cup mayonnaise; 1/4 cup whole milk; 1/4 cup white vinegar, plus more if needed; Freshly ground pepper; 1 1/2 teaspoons adobo sauce from a can of chipotles (or 1 minced chipotle); 1 10-ounce package grape tomatoes, halved lengthwise; 1/2 pound smoked gouda cheese, cut into small cubes; 24 fresh basil leaves, thinly sliced | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add the pasta and cook as the label directs. Drain and rinse under cold water until no longer hot; set aside. Make the dressing: Mix the mayonnaise, milk, vinegar, 1/2 teaspoon salt, pepper to taste and the adobo sauce in a small bowl. In a large bowl, combine the pasta, dressing, tomatoes and gouda. Taste for seasoning, adding more salt and pepper if needed, and even an extra teaspoon or 2 of vinegar, if necessary. Stir in the basil at the end. Refrigerate for a couple of hours before serving. Photograph by Kana Okada <END>
INPUT: angel, food, cake flour, superfine sugar, salt, egg whites, cream tartar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Rosemary-Thyme Angel Food Cake with Pineapple Compote | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup cake flour; 1 3/4 cups superfine sugar; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 12 large egg whites, at room temperature; 1 1/2 teaspoons cream of tartar; Finely grated zest of 2 lemons; 1 1/2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract; 2 teaspoons finely chopped fresh rosemary; 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh thyme; 1/2 cup packed light brown sugar; 1/2 cup dark rum; 1 sprig rosemary; 1 sprig thyme; 1 medium pineapple, peeled, cored and cut into 1/2-inch pieces; 2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract | INSTRUCTIONS: Make the cake: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Sift the cake flour, 3/4 cup superfine sugar and the salt onto a piece of parchment paper. Sift the flour mixture a second time onto another piece of parchment; set aside. Beat the egg whites in a large bowl with a mixer on medium-high speed until frothy, about 1 minute. Add the cream of tartar and continue beating until soft peaks form, about 4 more minutes. Gradually beat in the remaining 1 cup superfine sugar; increase the speed to high and beat until the egg whites are stiff and glossy, about 7 minutes. Beat in the vanilla, rosemary, thyme  <END>
INPUT: tart, apricots, puff pastry disks, cinnamon sugar, apricot glaze, almonds
OUTPUT: TITLE: Apricot Tart | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 15 apricots; 6 puff pastry disks; 1/2 cup cinnamon sugar; 1/2 cup apricot glaze; 1/2 cup toasted almonds | INSTRUCTIONS: Cut apricots in half and remove pits. Place 5 apricot halves on each disk. Sprinkle with cinnamon sugar and bake in a 350 degree F oven for 15 minutes or until pastry is golden brown. Melt glaze and brush over tarts. Sprinkle almonds around the edges of the tarts. <END>
INPUT: Asian, olive oil, onion, ginger, vinegar, adobo barbecue sauce
OUTPUT: TITLE: Ginger Bbq Sauce | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon olive oil; 1/2 medium onion, diced; 2 tablespoons grated fresh ginger; 1/4 cup white vinegar; 1 cup adobo or barbecue sauce; 2 tablespoons brown sugar; 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat the oil in a skillet over medium low heat. Saute the onions until soft, about 5 to 7 minutes. Add the ginger and cook for 1 minute to release the aromas. Add the vinegar and simmer to reduce by half. Add barbecue sauce, brown sugar and pepper and simmer, stirring occasionally, until sauce thickens, about 15 minutes. Place the sauce in a blender and puree. <END>
INPUT: hazelnuts, all purpose flour, sugar, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate Hazelnut Tart | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup hazelnuts, toasted and any loose skins rubbed off in a kitchen towel, then cooled completely; 1 cup all-purpose flour; 3 tablespoons sugar; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/2 stick (1/4 cup) cold unsalted butter, cut into pieces; 1 large egg; 1 teaspoon vanilla; 7 ounces semisweet chocolate, finely chopped; 1/2 cup whole milk; 1/4 cup sugar; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 2 large egg yolks; 1 teaspoon vanilla; 1 cup crème fraîche; Special equipment: a 9- by 1-inch fluted round tart pan with removable bottom; pie weights or raw rice | INSTRUCTIONS: Make tart shell: Preheat oven to 350°F. Pulse hazelnuts with flour, sugar, and salt in a food processor until finely ground (be careful not to grind to a paste), then add butter and pulse until most of mixture resembles coarse meal with some roughly pea-size butter lumps. Add egg and vanilla and pulse just until mixture begins to clump. Press dough evenly over bottom and up side of tart pan and chill 10 minutes. Line tart shell with foil and fill with pie weights. Bake in middle of oven until pale golden along rim, about 15 minutes. Carefully remove foil and weights and bake shell until bottom <END>
INPUT: olive oil, scallops, Salt pepper, leaves spinach, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Seared Sea Scallops | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons olive oil; 6 U-10 scallops; Salt and pepper; 10 leaves spinach; 2 tablespoon garlic; 4 tablespoons white wine; Corn flapjacks, recipe follows; Orange honey butter, recipe follows; 2 teaspoons cooked and crumbled pancetta; 2 teaspoons chopped chives; Sweet potato curls, recipe follows; 4 ounces pureed corn; 1/4 cup corn kernels; 1/2 cup flour; 1/3 cup milk | INSTRUCTIONS: In a very hot pan with olive oil, sear the scallops; season with salt and pepper. Saute spinach with garlic and white wine to scald the spinach. In the center of the plate, place 2 flapjacks. Place orange honey butter on top of flapjacks. Then top with spinach. Place scallops on the plate, in between the flapjacks. Place pancetta and chive in-between the scallops. Garnish with sweet potato curls. Combine all ingredients. On a griddle using pan spray, drop 1 ounce of batter. Cook until golden brown.; Reduce wine, orange juice, garlic, shallots, and thyme to sec (dry). Add heavy cream; reduce by <END>
INPUT: American, quesadillas, flour tortillas, Cheddar cheese, Jack cheese, Olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cheese Quesadillas | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 8 flour tortillas; 2 cups grated Cheddar cheese; 2 cups grated Jack cheese; Olive oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Brush 4 tortillas lightly on one side with the oil. Place 4 tortillas on the grill oiled side down. Top with cheese to taste and another tortilla on each. Turn quesadillas when bottoms are browned and cheese begins to melt. Brown on the other side. Serve hot. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, reddened, crema, annatto seeds, olive oil, shrimp, lime, Salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Annatto Reddened Grilled Shrimp with Peruvian Purple Potatoes and Caramelized Plantain Crema | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon annatto seeds; 1 cup olive oil; 24 large shrimp, peeled and de-veined; 1 large lime, cut in half; Salt and pepper, to taste; 12 Peruvian purple potatoes; 1 red bell pepper, stem and seeds discarded, diced small; 1 yellow bell pepper, stem and seeds discarded, diced small; 1 red onion, peeled and finely diced; 1/4 cup coarsely chopped cilantro leaves; 1/3 cup champagne vinegar; 2/3 cup virgin olive oil; Salt and freshly cracked black pepper, to taste; 1 very ripe plantain, peeled and cut into small pieces; 1 tablespoon olive oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat the annatto seeds in a small saucepan until slightly toasty. Add the olive oil and continue to heat for 3 to 4 minutes. Turn off and allow to cool. Now strain the oil and pour it over the shrimp. Turn the shrimp over and allow to marinate at least 10 minutes. Squeeze the lime over the shrimp and season. Keep cool until ready to cook and serve.; Put the potatoes in a large pot and cover them with water. Cook about 15 minutes or until just barely cooked through. Now shock them in ice cold water to arrest the cooking. Drain and dice them into 3/4-inch sized pieces. Mix the remaining ingredie <END>
INPUT: whiskey, sour, sugar, thyme leaves, bourbon, Meyer lemon juice, Lemon twist
OUTPUT: TITLE: Meyer Lemon and Thyme Whiskey Sour | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup sugar; 4 tablespoons fresh thyme leaves; 1 1/2 ounces bourbon; 1 ounce freshly squeezed Meyer lemon juice; Lemon twist, for garnish; Thyme sprig, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: For the simple syrup: Combine the sugar, thyme and 2 cups water in a medium saucepan over medium heat. Cook, stirring occasionally, until the sugar has dissolved, about 2 minutes. Remove from the heat and let sit for 20 minutes to infuse. Strain the syrup into a container and discard the thyme. For the whiskey sour: Combine the bourbon, Meyer lemon juice and 1 1/2 ounces thyme simple syrup in a cocktail shaker with ice. Shake well, then strain into a cocktail glass. Garnish with a lemon twist and a thyme sprig. Serve. <END>
INPUT: hearts, puff pastry sheet, sugar, nutmeg
OUTPUT: TITLE: Nutmeg Hearts | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 frozen puff pastry sheet (1/2 17 1/4-ounce package), thawed; 2 tablespoons sugar; 1/2 teaspoon ground nutmeg | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350°F. Roll pastry out on lightly floured surface to 11x14-inch rectangle. Using 3- to 4-inch heart-shaped cookie cutter, cut out hearts. Transfer to cookie sheet. Combine sugar and nutmeg in bowl. Sprinkle over hearts. Bake until cookies are puffed and golden brown, about 15 minutes. Transfer to rack and cool. (Can be made 1 day ahead. Store airtight.) Preheat oven to 350°F. Roll pastry out on lightly floured surface to 11x14-inch rectangle. Using 3- to 4-inch heart-shaped cookie cutter, cut out hearts. Transfer to cookie sheet. Combine sugar and nutmeg in bowl. Sprinkle over  <END>
INPUT: sugar, water, oranges, virgin olive oil, chicken livers
OUTPUT: TITLE: Duck Stuffed with Chicken Liver, Candied Orange, and Pears | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 cups sugar; 2 2/3 cups water; 2 oranges, ends trimmed and discarded, each cut into 5 rounds; 6 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, divided; 14 ounces chicken livers, fat trimmed; 10 large fresh sage leaves; 2 garlic cloves, thinly sliced; 2 cups diced peeled pears (about 2 medium); 2 cups dry red wine; 2 4 1/2- to 5-pound ducks, thawed if frozen, excess fat trimmed, rinsed, patted dry; 2 tablespoons honey | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine sugar and 2 2/3 cups water in heavy medium saucepan. Bring to simmer, stirring until sugar dissolves. Add orange slices and boil gently until orange peels are almost translucent, about 30 minutes. Drain. Place orange slices on rack set over plate and let drain another 30 minutes. Cut slices into 1/2-inch dice. (Can be made 1 day ahead. Cover and refrigerate.) Heat 4 tablespoons oil in large nonstick skillet over medium-high heat. Add chicken livers, sage, and garlic; sauté until livers are browned but still slightly pink inside, about 9 minutes. Remove from heat; cool slightly. Cut chi <END>
INPUT: American, sandwich, chicken breasts, kosher salt, tarragon leaves, pepper, thyme leaves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken Avocado and Bacon Sandwich | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 pounds chicken breasts, trimmed; 1 teaspoon kosher salt; 1 teaspoon dried tarragon leaves; 1/2 teaspoon cracked black pepper; 1/2 teaspoon dried thyme leaves; 1/4 teaspoon granulated garlic; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 8 pieces applewood smoked bacon; 1 large loaf ciabatta or other crusty bread; 1/2 cup ranch dressing; 8 slices white Cheddar; 1 avocado, sliced | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Place the chicken presentation-side down on a baking tray and sprinkle with half of the salt, tarragon, pepper, thyme and garlic. Flip the chicken, then sprinkle with the remaining salt, pepper and garlic. Spoon the oil over the chicken and rub to fully coat. Add the remaining thyme and tarragon, and then bake until the internal temperature is 165 degrees F, about 40 minutes. Meanwhile, place the bacon on a foil-lined baking sheet and bake in the same oven for 8 minutes, then rotate the baking sheet and bake 8 more minutes. The bacon should be almost fully co <END>
INPUT: salad, orzo, very celery, grape tomatoes, radishes, dill
OUTPUT: TITLE: Orzo Salad with Celery, Radishes, and Dill | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups orzo (rice-shaped pasta); 1 1/2 cups very thinly sliced celery (about 3 stalks); 1 pint grape tomatoes, halved; 1 bunch radishes, trimmed, thinly sliced; 2/3 cup chopped fresh dill; 5 tablespoons olive oil; 4 tablespoons white balsamic vinegar; 1 cup (about 5 ounces) crumbled soft fresh goat cheese (preferably with four peppers) | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook orzo in large pot of boiling salted water until tender but still firm to bite, stirring occasionally. Drain. Rinse under cold water; drain. Transfer to large bowl; add celery, tomatoes, radishes, and dill. Whisk oil and vinegar in small bowl. Season with salt and pepper and pour over salad; toss to coat. Season salad with salt and pepper. Fold in half of goat cheese. Sprinkle remaining cheese over and serve. Cook orzo in large pot of boiling salted water until tender but still firm to bite, stirring occasionally. Drain. Rinse under cold water; drain. Transfer to large bowl; add celery, to <END>
INPUT: pudding, good olive oil, unsalted butter, pancetta, leeks
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mushroom and Leek Bread Pudding | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 cups (1/2-inch-diced) bread cubes from a rustic country loaf, crusts removed; 2 tablespoons good olive oil; 1 tablespoons unsalted butter; 2 ounces pancetta, small-diced; 4 cups sliced leeks, white and light green parts (4 leeks); 1 1/2 pounds cremini mushrooms, stems trimmed and 1/4-inch-sliced; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh tarragon leaves; 1/4 cup medium or dry sherry; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1/3 cup minced fresh flat-leaf parsley; 4 extra-large eggs; 1 1/2 cups heavy cream; 1 cup chicken stock, preferably homemade; 1 1/2 cups grated Gruyere cheese (6 ounces), divided | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Spread the bread cubes on a sheet pan and bake for 15 to 20 minutes, until lightly browned. Set aside. Meanwhile, heat the oil and butter in a large (12-inch) saute pan over medium heat. Add the pancetta and cook for 5 minutes, until starting to brown. Stir in the leeks and cook over medium heat for 8 to 10 minutes, until the leeks are tender. Stir in the mushrooms, tarragon, sherry, 1 tablespoon salt and 11/2 teaspoons pepper and cook for 10 to 12 minutes, until most of the liquid evaporates, stirring occasionally. Off the heat, stir in the parsley. In a lar <END>
INPUT: truffles, heavy cream, good chocolate, Irish cream liqueur, good vanilla extract, hazelnuts
OUTPUT: TITLE: White Truffles | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons heavy cream; 7 ounces good white chocolate, chopped; 2 tablespoons Irish cream liqueur (recommended: Baileys); 1/2 teaspoon good vanilla extract; 1/2 cup chopped hazelnuts; 6 ounces bittersweet or dark chocolate, chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Place the cream in a heat-proof bowl, and set the bowl over a pan of simmering water. Cook until heated through. Using a wire whisk, slowly stir the white chocolate into the warm cream until completely melted. Whisk in the liqueur and vanilla. Cover and chill for 1 hour or until pliable but firm enough to scoop. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. With 2 teaspoons or a 1 1/4-inch ice cream scoop, make dollops of the chocolate mixture and place on a baking sheet lined with parchment paper. Refrigerate for about 15 minutes, until firm enough to roll into rough spher <END>
INPUT: jambalaya, smoked sausage, scallions, bell pepper, celery, chicken broth
OUTPUT: TITLE: Shrimp and Sausage Jambalaya | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound smoked sausage, such as kielbasa or hot links, sliced 1/4 inch thick; 6 or 7 scallions, trimmed; 1 large green bell pepper, chopped; 2 celery ribs, chopped; 3 cups chicken broth; 1 1/2 cups uncooked long-grain rice; 1/2 teaspoon dried thyme; 1 pound raw small to large shrimp, peeled; Freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large heavy saucepan, cook the sausage over moderate heat until browned. With a slotted spoon, transfer the sausage to a plate. Chop the scallions, reserving the dark green parts for garnish; add the white and pale green parts to the saucepan. Add the green pepper, celery, and garlic. Cook over moderate heat, stirring, for 5 minutes. Add the broth, rice, thyme, and reserved sausage. Bring the mixture to a boil. Reduce the heat to a simmer and cook the jambalaya, covered, for 10 minutes. Stir in the shrimp and pepper and cook the mixture, covered, for 10 to 15 minutes more or until the shr <END>
INPUT: sauce, beef fillets other, Lemon pepper, Seasoned salt, pepper, butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fillet with Peppercorn Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 8 whole beef fillets or other good steaks; Lemon pepper; Seasoned salt; Freshly ground black pepper; Melted butter; 4 to 6 tablespoons tri-color peppercorns, crushed; 4 tablespoons butter; 1 beef bouillon cube; 4 to 6 tablespoons Dijon mustard; 1 cup brandy; 1 1/2 to 2 cups heavy cream (can substitute half-and-half for some of the cream) | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. For the steaks: Sprinkle both sides of the steak with lemon pepper, seasoned salt and plenty of freshly ground black pepper. Grill for 2 to 3 minutes per side over high heat, and then a further 3 to 5 minutes over lower heat. Brush with melted butter as they cook. Meanwhile, make the sauce: Start by crushing the peppercorns with a rolling pin in a zip-top bag and set them aside. Next, heat a heavy ovenproof skillet over medium-high heat and melt the butter. Crumble in the beef bouillon cube. Whisk to combine. Then add the Dijon mustard to the skillet and whisk it <END>
INPUT: plums, sugar, vanilla, cinnamon, water
OUTPUT: TITLE: Broiled Plums with Mango Sorbet | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 lb plums (about 2 medium), pitted and cut into 1/2-inch wedges; 1 tablespoon sugar; 1/4 teaspoon vanilla; 1/8 teaspoon cinnamon; 3 tablespoons water; 2 cups (1 pint) fat-free mango sorbet | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat broiler. Toss plums with sugar, vanilla, and cinnamon in a 1 1/2- to 2-quart (9- to 10-inch round) gratin or other flameproof shallow dish (not glass). Let plums stand 5 minutes in dish to macerate. Add water to dish and broil plums 6 to 8 inches from heat, gently stirring once or twice, until fruit is softened, 7 to 10 minutes. Serve fruit and juice from pan topped with sorbet. Preheat broiler. Toss plums with sugar, vanilla, and cinnamon in a 1 1/2- to 2-quart (9- to 10-inch round) gratin or other flameproof shallow dish (not glass). Let plums stand 5 minutes in dish to macerate. Add <END>
INPUT: best quality sauerkraut, jarred banana peppers, apple cider vinegar, pickled jalapeno rings, kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Banana Pepper Sauerkraut | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups best-quality sauerkraut, drained; 1 1/2 cups jarred banana peppers, drained; 1/4 cup apple cider vinegar; 2 to 3 tablespoons pickled jalapeno rings; 1 teaspoon kosher salt; 1 tablespoon freshly ground black pepper; 1/2 teaspoon cayenne pepper; 1/2 teaspoon granulated garlic | INSTRUCTIONS: In a food processor, combine the sauerkraut, banana peppers, vinegar, jalapenos, salt, black pepper, cayenne pepper and granulated garlic. Pulse until finely chopped and well combined. Taste and adjust the seasoning as desired. <END>
INPUT: warm, souffles, bittersweet, egg whites, sugar, egg yolks
OUTPUT: TITLE: Warm Chocolate Souffles with Pistachio Ice Cream | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 10 ounces bittersweet (not unsweetened) or semisweet chocolate, chopped; 1 cup (2 sticks) unsalted butter; 6 large egg whites; 3/4 cup sugar; 4 large egg yolks; 2/3 cup all purpose flour; 2 teaspoons vanilla extract; Pistachio Ice Cream | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 400°F. Butter eight 3/4-cup soufflé dishes or custard cups. Melt chocolate and butter in heavy medium saucepan over medium-low heat until smooth. Transfer to large bowl; cool. Using electric mixer, beat egg whites to soft peaks. Gradually add sugar; beat until stiff but not dry. Whisk yolks, flour and vanilla into melted chocolate mixture. Fold in 1/3 of egg whites to lighten. Fold in remaining whites. Divide soufflé mixture evenly among soufflé dishes. Transfer to baking sheet. (Can be prepared 1 day ahead. Cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate.) Bake soufflés until edges ar <END>
INPUT: Asian, breads, semolina flour, plain yogurt, chile, ginger, curry leaves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fresh Coriander, Ginger, and Chile Breads | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups semolina flour; 1 cup plain yogurt; 1 fresh red chile (seeds and veins discarded), finely chopped (or 1 jalapeno); 1 tablespoon finely chopped ginger; 1 tablespoon curry leaves (if using dried, rehydrate by soaking before using); 2 tablespoons coriander leaves, roughly chopped; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 2 cups warm water; Oil for griddle surface | INSTRUCTIONS: You will need a medium-sized mixing bowl, a large castiron or other heavy griddle, a paper towel, a flat wooden spoon or rubber spatula, and a metal spatula. In a medium-sized bowl, mix together the semolina, yogurt, chile, gingerroot, curry leaves, coriander leaves, and salt. Add the water a little at a time, stirring while you pour. When all the water has been added and the batter is smooth, cover the bowl and let the batter rest for approximately one hour. To cook the breads, heat a large castiron griddle over medium high heat. Lightly oil the surface of the griddle using a paper towel, and <END>
INPUT: sundaes, chunky peanut butter, hot fudge sauce, vanilla ice cream, wafer cookies pirouline
OUTPUT: TITLE: Peanut Butter Cup Sundaes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup chunky peanut butter; 1 cup hot fudge sauce; 2 pints vanilla ice cream; 4 wafer cookies or pirouline cookies | INSTRUCTIONS: Place peanut butter in a small pan and melt gently over low heat. Remove lid to hot fudge sauce and place the jar in microwave to heat through. Scoop vanilla ice cream into small dessert bowls or glasses and top with even amounts of peanut butter then fudge sauce. Garnish sundaes with wafer or pirouline cookies. <END>
INPUT: brown, tart, unsalted butter, pure vanilla extract, Salt, apples, egg yolks
OUTPUT: TITLE: Benne Brown Butter Apple Tart | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 sticks unsalted butter; 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract; Salt; 4 cups peeled and diced apples; 12 large egg yolks; 1 1/2 cups sugar; 1/4 cup benne or all-purpose flour; 3/4 cup all-purpose flour; 1 1/2 teaspoons benne or sesame seeds | INSTRUCTIONS: In a medium saucepan, combine the butter, vanilla, and 1 teaspoon salt. Cook over medium heat, stirring and watching closely until the butter browns, 8 to 10 minutes. Strain the butter into a medium bowl; cool to room temperature. (Discard solids.) Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Line a 9 by 2-inch cake pan with parchment paper and pack the apples in a dish. Whisk the yolks and sugar in a large mixing bowl until thick and bright yellow. Gradually whisk in the butter until combined. Stir in the flour and sesame seeds until incorporated. Pour over the apples to cover completely and smooth the <END>
INPUT: frittata, canola oil, salt, pepper, russet potato, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spinach and Potato Frittata | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons canola oil, divided; 2 teaspoons salt; 1/2 teaspoon ground black pepper; 1 russet potato, thinly sliced; 1/2 medium yellow onion, diced; 2 teaspoons chopped garlic; 1 (10-ounce) box frozen chopped spinach, thawed and water squeezed out; 4 eggs; 1 cup milk; 1/2 cup shredded mozzarella cheese; Nonstick cooking spray | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 450 degrees F. Put a baking sheet into the oven to preheat. In a large bowl combine 1 tablespoon of the canola oil with 1 teaspoon of salt and 1/4 teaspoon pepper. Add the sliced potatoes to the bowl and toss to coat. Remove the baking sheet from the oven, and add the potato slices, making sure they are all in a single layer. Transfer to the oven and bake for 8 minutes. In a skillet, heat the remaining 2 tablespoons of the oil over medium heat. Add the onion and saute for 2 minutes. Stir in the garlic and spinach and saute for another 2 minutes. In a large bowl whisk together t <END>
INPUT: Italian, alfredo, Kosher salt pepper, butter, garlic, pepper flakes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken Alfredo Pizza | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 (3/4 pound) boneless skinless chicken breast; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 tablespoons butter; 1 clove garlic, minced; 1 teaspoon red pepper flakes; 1 tablespoon all-purpose flour, plus more for work surface; 1 cup heavy cream; 1/4 cup grated Parmesan; 1 (16-ounce) ball pizza dough, store-bought; 2 cups baby spinach, well washed and dried; 1 cup grape tomatoes, red and yellow; 1 cup grated mozzarella; Olive oil, for brushing crust | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Adjust racks to the middle of the oven. Put pizza stone in the oven to preheat while you begin the sauce. Preheat a grill pan over medium heat. Season the chicken with salt and pepper, to taste. Put the chicken on the grill pan and grill until cooked through. Remove to a cutting board and dice. Set aside. Melt the butter in a medium-sized saucepan over medium heat. Add the garlic and red pepper flakes and cook until fragrant. Add the flour and cook until light blonde in color. Whisk in the cream, reduce the heat to low, and let  <END>
INPUT: Indian, tarts, puff pastry sheet, Bosc pears, lemon juice, granulated sugar, unsalted butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Caramelized Pear Tarts with Cardamom Cream | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 1 frozen puff pastry sheet (from a 17 1/4-oz package), thawed; 2 firm-ripe Bosc pears, peeled, halved lengthwise, and cored; 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice; 1/2 cup plus 1 tablespoon granulated sugar; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1/2 cup chilled heavy cream; 1/8 teaspoon ground cardamom; Confectioners sugar for dusting (optional) | INSTRUCTIONS: Put oven rack in middle position and preheat to 425°F. Line a baking sheet with parchment or wax paper. Roll out pastry into a 12-inch square on a lightly floured surface with a floured rolling pin. Brush off excess flour and cut out 4 (5-inch) rounds by tracing around an inverted plate or bowl with tip of a small sharp knife. Prick pastry rounds all over with a fork and transfer to baking sheet. Bake until rounds are puffed and golden, 12 to 15 minutes, then cool on baking sheet on a rack. While pastry bakes, toss pear halves with lemon juice in a bowl. Cook 1/2 cup granulated sugar and a pin <END>
INPUT: fruity, skewers, hot dogs calories, cherry tomatoes, pineapple chunks
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fresh and Fruity Hot Dog Skewers | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 hot dogs with about 40 calories and 1g fat or less each, each cut into 5 segments; 16 cherry tomatoes; 16 pineapple chunks | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: 4 skewers Skewer hot dog pieces, tomatoes, and pineapple chunks alternately onto 4 skewers. Spray a grill pan lightly with nonstick spray, and bring to medium-high heat. Add skewers and cook for 3 to 4 minutes. Flip skewers over the grill pan, and cook until the tomatoes and pineapple have softened and are slightly blackened, another 3 to 4 minutes. Once cool enough to handle, pull the food off the sticks and eat! <END>
INPUT: American, sandwich, Diamond Crystal Morton, light sugar, baking powder, skin, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: BA's Best Fried Chicken Sandwich | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon Diamond Crystal or 2 teaspoons Morton kosher salt; 1 teaspoon light brown sugar; 1 teaspoon baking powder; 4 skin-on or skinless, boneless chicken thighs; 1 garlic clove, finely grated; 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 1/2 cup mayonnaise; 2 tablespoons finely chopped chives; 1/2 teaspoon celery seeds; 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; Kosher salt; 1 1/2 cups all-purpose flour; 1/3 cup cornstarch; 1 tablespoon garlic powder; 1 tablespoon onion powder | INSTRUCTIONS: Marinate the Chicken: Mix salt, sugar, and baking powder in a small bowl. Season chicken all over with salt mixture (you won’t need all of it). Chill uncovered on a wire rack set inside a rimmed baking sheet, at least 2 hours and up to 1 day. Mix salt, sugar, and baking powder in a small bowl. Season chicken all over with salt mixture (you won’t need all of it). Chill uncovered on a wire rack set inside a rimmed baking sheet, at least 2 hours and up to 1 day. Make the Seasoned Mayonnaise: Combine garlic and lemon juice in a medium bowl; let sit 10 minutes. Mix in mayonnaise, chives, celery see <END>
INPUT: shane, meatballs, Two pineapple chunks, Dijon mustard, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Shane's Sweet and Sour Meatballs | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound cooked and frozen meatballs, thawed; Two 8-ounce cans pineapple chunks, drained, juice reserved; 1/2 cup Dijon mustard; 1 diced red or white onion; 1/2 cup chopped green onion; 6 cloves chopped garlic; Sweet and Sour Sauce, recipe follows; Coarse black pepper; 4 cups ketchup; 1/4 cup water; 2 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce; 1 cup sugar; 1/4 cup white vinegar; Black pepper (about 2 tablespoons); 2 tablespoons pineapple juice | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. In deep non-greased baking pan, add the thawed meatballs. Top the meatballs with the pineapple chunks. In a medium bowl add the mustard, red and green onion, and garlic. Mix well. Top the meatballs and pineapple with the mustard sauce. Add the Sweet and Sour Sauce and season with black pepper. Bake for 30 minutes. Remove from the oven; add the remaining pineapple juice, stir to combine, and place back in the oven for the remaining 30 minutes. Serve while hot. In a saucepot, mix all ingredients together. Cook on high heat. Keep your eye on it. Do not walk away. Co <END>
INPUT: Mexican, limes, sugar, corn syrup, water, cucumber
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lime Ice with Cucumber and Mint | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 5 to 6 large limes (enough to make 3/4 cup fresh lime juice); 1 cup sugar; 1/3 cup corn syrup; 1 1/3 cups water; 1 medium cucumber, peeled and seeded; 2/3 cup mint leaves, loosely packed; Fresh mint sprigs, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Grate the zest (colored part only) off 2 of the limes and scrape into a large bowl. (If the zest is in large pieces, chop it finely.) Juice the limes, measure 3/4 cup, and pour it in with the zest. Add the sugar, corn syrup, 1 1/3 cups water, cucumber, and mint. Blend until smooth. For the smoothest texture, pass the mixture through a fine strainer. Pour the mixture into the canister of your ice cream maker and freeze according to the manufacturer's directions. The ice will have the best texture if you scoop it from the ice cream maker into a container and let it firm up for several hours in t <END>
INPUT: American, paprika, kosher salt, cayenne, cumin, garlic powder
OUTPUT: TITLE: BBQ Glazed Smoked Chicken | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon paprika; 1 tablespoon kosher salt; 1 teaspoon cayenne; 1 teaspoon cumin; 1 teaspoon garlic powder; 2 chickens, halved and back bones removed (3- to 4-pound whole chickens); 1 cup ketchup (use a brand without high-fructose corn syrup); 1/2 cup white balsamic or apple cider vinegar; 1/3 cup stone-ground mustard; 2 tablespoons horseradish; 4 ounces (1 stick) unsalted butter, softened; 1 tablespoon salt | INSTRUCTIONS: For the chicken and rub: In a smoker with hickory or other hardwood, bring the wood to smoke and maintain a temperature of 175 to 180 degrees F. In a bowl, blend the paprika, salt, cayenne, cumin and garlic powder well. Next, season the chicken halves with the rub, both on the skins and in the interiors. Place in the smoker for 2 hours. The smoker temperature should be maintained between 165 and 170 degrees F for the cooking period. Remove the chicken from the racks and allow to rest until cooled, for a minimum of 2 hours. For the sauce: In a bowl with a whisk, mix together the ketchup, vinega <END>
INPUT: mousse, vanilla extract
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate Mousse | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup (60 ml) whole milk; 1 1/2 teaspoons vanilla extract; 1/2 cup (40 g) unsweetened cocoa powder, sifted; 1/2 ounce (14 g) milk chocolate, finely chopped; 1 1/2 ounces (43 g) bittersweet chocolate, finely chopped; 6 pitted dates; 1/2 cup (120 ml) plain 0% Greek yogurt, stirred; 1/2 cup (124 g) plus 1 tablespoon part-skim ricotta; Fresh seasonal berries or shaved chocolate, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. Place all the ingredients except the garnish into the Vitamix container in the order listed and secure the lid. Select Variable 1. Turn the machine on and slowly increase the speed to Variable 10, then to High. Blend for 35 to 40 seconds, using the tamper to press the ingredients into the blades. 2. Serve immediately, garnished with fresh berries, or shaved chocolate for more decadence. 1. Place all the ingredients except the garnish into the Vitamix container in the order listed and secure the lid. Select Variable 1. Turn the machine on and slowly increase the speed to Variable 10, then to <END>
INPUT: Mexican, cowboy, tri tip roast, Kosher salt, chili powder, cumin, salt free seasoning
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cowboy Tri-Tip | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 tri-tip roast (about 1 1/2 pounds); Kosher salt; 2 tablespoons chili powder; 2 tablespoons ground cumin; 1 tablespoon salt-free seasoning pepper; 1 tablespoon onion powder; 1 tablespoon garlic powder; 1 (26-ounce) jar traditional pasta sauce; 1 tablespoon chili powder; 1 tablespoon dry mustard; 2 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce; 1 tablespoon honey | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat an outdoor grill to medium heat. Rinse roast with cold water and pat completely dry with paper towels. For the dry rub, in a small bowl, combine ingredients for dry rub. Place tri-tip on plate or platter and season with kosher salt. Rub a generous amount of dry rub into both sides of meat. Let set for 10 to 15 minutes. Repeat rub 2 to 3 times until all seasoning is used. While meat is resting between rubs, prepare BBQ sauce. In a saucepan over medium heat, combine pasta sauce, chili powder, dry mustard, Worcestershire sauce, and honey. Bring to a boil, lower heat and simmer for 15 minu <END>
INPUT: Indian, tandoori, sized chicken thighs, plain yogurt, garlic, ginger root, coriander
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken Tandoori | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 8 medium-sized chicken thighs; 1 cup plain yogurt; 5 medium garlic cloves, peeled; 1/4 cup coarsely chopped fresh ginger root; 1 teaspoon ground coriander; 1 teaspoon garam masala; 1/2 teaspoon ground cumin; 1/4 teaspoon ground allspice; 1/4 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1/4 teaspoon Indian chili powder; 1/4 teaspoon ground cardamon; 1/4 teaspoon ground fenugreek; 1 medium-large onion; 2 tablespoons butter; 1 teaspoon cumin | INSTRUCTIONS: Remove the bones from the chicken thighs. For the marinade: Place the yogurt and the and the next ten ingredients in the bowl of a food processor. Process for about 1 minute or until you have a smooth puree. Place the chicken thighs in a large bowl, cover with the marinade, and marinate, refrigerated, for 24 hours. When ready to cook, remove the chicken from the marinade and pat completely dry with towels. Begin grilling the chicken. Place the pieces over a medium-high charcoal fire and cook for about 5 minutes per side. They are done when they're just past a rosy tinge at the center. Keep war <END>
INPUT: wrapped, rosemary, sage, thyme, crumbled bay leaves, olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pancetta-Wrapped Chicken with Cabbage | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons chopped fresh rosemary; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh sage; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh thyme; 2 tablespoons crumbled bay leaves; 8 tablespoons olive oil; 4 skinless boneless chicken breast halves; 6 ounces pancetta, chopped; 1 1 1/2-pound cabbage, cored, thinly sliced; 16 very thin slices pancetta; 3 fresh rosemary sprigs; 3 garlic cloves, peeled; 1 1/2 cups dry white wine | INSTRUCTIONS: Mix first 4 ingredients in small bowl. Pour 5 tablespoons oil into glass baking dish. Stir in half of herbs. Add chicken. Turn to coat. Cover and chill at least 6 hours or overnight, turning occasionally. Sauté chopped pancetta in heavy large Dutch oven over medium heat until crisp, about 8 minutes. Add cabbage and sauté until tender, about 6 minutes. Season with salt and pepper. Set aside. Preheat oven to 400°F. Slightly overlap 2 slices of pancetta on work surface. Set 1 chicken breast half atop pancetta. Sprinkle chicken with salt and pepper. Top chicken with 1/4 of remaining herb mixture.  <END>
INPUT: giant, sauce, olive oil, garlic, shallots, onion, habanero chile
OUTPUT: TITLE: Giant Shrimp in Habanero Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 ounce olive oil; 4 garlic cloves, minced; 3 shallots, chopped; 1/2 onion, minced; 1 habanero chile, minced; 1 whole tomato, peeled; 3 bay leaves; 6 epazote leaves; 3 branches fresh thyme; 7 mint leaves; 1-ounce orange liqueur; 1-ounce tequila; 8 ounces whipped cream; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 30 to 36 jumbo shrimp, shelled and de-veined | INSTRUCTIONS: Serving suggestions: sliced roasted tomatoes and onions, Champagne vinegar dressing, various herbs and spices Preheat a grill. Heat the olive oil in a medium saute pan over medium-low to medium heat. Add the garlic, shallots, and onion and saute for 2 minutes. Add the habanero chile and tomato and saute for 1 minute. Add the herbs and saute for an additional minute. Increase the heat to medium-high and bring the mixture to a boil. Once boiling, immediately add the orange liqueur and tequila. Stir, remove from the heat, and then add the whipped cream. Season, to taste, with salt and pepper. Gri <END>
INPUT: cocktails, lime juice, superfine granulated sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pineapple Rum Cocktails | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 cups (1-inch) chunks cored peeled pineapple (labeled "extra sweet"); 12 oz (3/4 cup) amber rum such as Bacardi; 3 oz (6 tablespoons) Cointreau or other orange-flavored liqueur; 1 1/2 tablespoons fresh lime juice; 3/4 cup superfine granulated sugar; 6 cups ice cubes | INSTRUCTIONS: Purée 2 cups pineapple chunks, 1/4 cup rum, 2 tablespoons Cointreau, 1/2 tablespoon lime juice, 1/4 cup sugar, and 2 cups ice in a blender at high speed until very smooth, about 1 minute. Transfer to a large pitcher, then make 2 more batches in same manner, transferring to pitcher. Serve immediately. Purée 2 cups pineapple chunks, 1/4 cup rum, 2 tablespoons Cointreau, 1/2 tablespoon lime juice, 1/4 cup sugar, and 2 cups ice in a blender at high speed until very smooth, about 1 minute. Transfer to a large pitcher, then make 2 more batches in same manner, transferring to pitcher. Serve immediate <END>
INPUT: Mexican, wrap, plain sour cream, bottled horseradish, flour burrito size, watercress, roast beef
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roast Beef Wrap | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2/3 cup plain sour cream; 2 tablespoons drained bottled horseradish, to taste; 4 flour burrito-size tortillas or lavash (an Armenian soft bread); 1 bunch watercress; 1 pound sliced roast beef; 1 firm apple, like Granny Smith or Cortland, cored and sliced into very thin wedges; 4 tablespoons crumbled blue cheese | INSTRUCTIONS: Stir together sour cream and horseradish in a small bowl. To assemble, spread a tortilla evenly with 1 heaping tablespoon of the horseradish mixture. Cover with watercress and a quarter of the roast beef, making sure the ingredients don't quite touch the edges. Spread another heaping tablespoon of the horseradish mixture over the top, followed by a quarter of the apples and 1 tablespoon of blue cheese. Roll up the tortilla. Complete the wraps with the remaining ingredients. Cut in half on the bias. These wraps can be made a day ahead, sealed in wax paper or foil and refrigerated. Serve cold or <END>
INPUT: bread, onions, salt, sage, marjoram
OUTPUT: TITLE: Crown Roast of Pork with Onion and Bread-Crumb Stuffing | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 lb onions, finely chopped (6 cups); 2 1/2 teaspoons salt; 1 1/2 sticks (3/4 cup) unsalted butter; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh sage; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh marjoram; 1 teaspoon black pepper; 1 1/2 tablespoons cider vinegar; 1/2 cup dry white wine; 1 (1-lb) piece fresh Pullman loaf, pain de mie, or country loaf, cut into 1-inch cubes, then pulsed to coarse crumbs in a food processor; 3/4 lb ground pork (usually comes with crown roast, see below); 1 cup finely chopped celery; 1 teaspoon finely chopped fresh sage; 1 teaspoon finely chopped fresh marjoram or thyme; 2 teaspoons salt; 1/2 teaspoon black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Make stuffing: Cook onions with 1 1/2 teaspoons salt in 3/4 stick butter in a 12-inch heavy skillet over moderate heat, covered, stirring occasionally, until tender, about 10 minutes. Continue to cook, uncovered, stirring frequently, until onions are pale golden, about 10 minutes more. Add sage, marjoram, and pepper and cook, stirring, 5 minutes. Add vinegar and wine and boil, stirring occasionally, until liquid is evaporated, then remove from heat. Meanwhile, cook bread crumbs and remaining teaspoon salt in remaining 3/4 stick butter in a 12-inch nonstick skillet over moderately low heat, sti <END>
INPUT: vinaigrette, Moulard duck breast, salt, pepper, shallots, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Duck with Walnut Sherry Vinaigrette | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 lb boneless Moulard duck breast halves with skin (about 2); 3/4 teaspoon salt; 1/2 teaspoon black pepper; 1/3 cup finely chopped shallots; 2 teaspoons sugar; 3 1/2 tablespoons Sherry vinegar; 1/3 cup walnut oil; 1/2 cup walnut halves, toasted and chopped; Special equipment: an instant-read thermometer | INSTRUCTIONS: Put a 13- by 9-inch shallow flameproof roasting pan (not glass) in middle of oven and preheat oven to 375°F. Pat duck dry and trim off any excess fat. Score duck skin in a crosshatch pattern at 1/2-inch intervals with a sharp knife, then sprinkle with 1/2 teaspoon salt and 1/4 teaspoon pepper. Place duck, skin sides down, in roasting pan and roast until thermometer inserted diagonally into center registers 135°F, 25 to 30 minutes for medium-rare. Preheat broiler. Turn duck over and broil (skin sides up) 6 inches from heat until fat is golden, 1 to 2 minutes. Transfer to a cutting board and let <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, Swiss chard, garlic, olive oil, Feta, an leg lamb
OUTPUT: TITLE: Boneless Leg of Lamb Stuffed with Swiss Chard and Feta | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound Swiss chard, the stems discarded and the leaves chopped coarse; 6 large garlic cloves, sliced thin lengthwise; 3 tablespoons olive oil; 1/4 pound Feta, crumbled (about 3/4 cup); an 8-pound leg of lamb, boned, butterflied, and trimmed well (4 to 5 pounds boneless); 1 1/2 teaspoons crumbled dried rosemary, or to taste; 1 onion, sliced; 1 cup dry red wine; 1 1/2 cups beef broth; 1/2 cup water; 1 tablespoon cornstarch dissolved in 2 tablespoons cold water; Spiced Quinoa Timbales and Honey-glazed Baby Carrots as accompaniments | INSTRUCTIONS: Wash the Swiss chard well, drain it, and in a heavy saucepan steam it in the water clinging to the leaves, covered, over moderate heat for 3 to 5 minutes, or until it is wilted. Drain the chard in a colander, refresh it under cold water, and squeeze it dry in a kitchen towel. In a skillet cook the garlic in 2 tablespoons of the oil over moderate heat, stirring, until it is pale golden and transfer it with a slotted spoon to a bowl. To the skillet add the chard, cook it, stirring, for 1 minute, or until any excess liquid is evaporated, and transfer it to the bowl. Let the chard mixture cool and <END>
INPUT: spiced, roast, pepper, coriander, allspice, olive oil, piece beef tenderloin
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spiced Roast Beef in Mini Yorkshire Puddings with Mustard Dressing | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 teaspoon ground black pepper; 1 teaspoon ground coriander; 1/2 teaspoon ground allspice; 1 teaspoon olive oil; 1 1 1/4-pound piece beef tenderloin; 1/4 cup chopped drained oil-packed sun-dried tomatoes plus 2 tablespoons oil reserved from jar; 1/4 cup coarse-grained mustard; Mini Yorkshire Puddings | INSTRUCTIONS: Make beef: Mix pepper, coriander and allspice in bowl. Rub 1 teaspoon oil, then spice mixture all over beef; sprinkle with salt. Place beef on baking sheet. Let stand 2 hours at room temperature. Preheat oven to 425°F. Roast beef until thermometer inserted into center registers 130°F for medium-rare, about 25 minutes. Remove from oven. Let beef stand at least 30 minutes. Mix pepper, coriander and allspice in bowl. Rub 1 teaspoon oil, then spice mixture all over beef; sprinkle with salt. Place beef on baking sheet. Let stand 2 hours at room temperature. Preheat oven to 425°F. Roast beef until t <END>
INPUT: smokey, Salt pepper, orange marmalade, reduced sodium soy
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Chicken with Smokey Orange Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Cooking spray; 8 (5-ounce) skinless chicken breast halves (with bone); Salt and ground black pepper; 1 cup orange marmalade; 1 tablespoon reduced-sodium soy sauce; 1 teaspoon liquid smoke | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. Coat a large roasting pan with cooking spray. Season chicken all over with salt and black pepper. Arrange chicken in prepared pan and set aside. In a small bowl, combine orange marmalade, soy sauce and liquid smoke. Mix until blended. Pour mixture over chicken. Roast 35 minutes, until chicken is cooked through. Serve 4 chicken breast halves with this meal and refrigerate remaining chicken until ready to use. Yield: 4 servings (with leftovers for additional meals such as Robin's Chicken Quesadillas and Thai Chicken Salad) <END>
INPUT: involtini, rolled, sheep's milk ricotta, virgin olive oil, pepper, bresaola, rucola
OUTPUT: TITLE: Involtini Di Bresaola: Rolled Bresaola | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Generous 1/2 pound/250 g fresh sheep's milk ricotta cheese; 2 tablespoons/ 30 ml extra-virgin olive oil; Freshly ground black pepper; 16 slices bresaola (air-dried cured beef); Small bunch fresh rucola (rocket or arugula) | INSTRUCTIONS: To make the filling for the involtini: Mix the ricotta, olive oil, and black pepper in a bowl. Then place a large spoonful of the ricotta filling in the centre of a slice of bresaola. Add some rucola and roll the bresaola into a log. Repeat the process using the remaining bresaola, cheese mixture, and rucola. Plate and serve immediately. <END>
INPUT: American, five, smothered, water, Chinese spice powder, sugar, kosher salt, baby back pork
OUTPUT: TITLE: Five-Spice Pork Ribs with Smothered Onions and Spicy Dried Cranberry BBQ Sauce | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 quarts water; 2 tablespoons Chinese 5-spice powder; 1 cup sugar; 2 tablespoon kosher salt; 2 1/2 pounds baby back pork ribs (about 2 whole racks); 2 medium onions, cut in half and then sliced 1/4-inch-thick; 1 tablespoon butter; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 tablespoon canola oil, for cooking; 1 medium onion, diced; 1 tablespoon chopped garlic; 1/2 cup light brown sugar; 1 cup sweetened dried cranberries; 2 cups cranberry juice; 1/2 cup rice wine vinegar | INSTRUCTIONS: To make the ribs: Whisk together the water, five-spice, sugar and salt until dissolved. Cut the racks in half and submerge fully in the brining liquid. Refrigerate overnight. Preheat an oven to 300 degrees F. Line a sheet tray with enough foil to completely cover and seal the pork ribs. Evenly spread the sliced onions on the foil and place the butter on top. Remove the ribs from the liquid and season both sides with salt and pepper. Place the ribs in one layer on top of the onions, and fold the foil over making sure to tightly seal the package. Roast undisturbed for 2 hours. To make the sauce: <END>
INPUT: pickling spice, pepper, water, wine vinegar, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pickled Peaches | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon pickling spice; 1/4 teaspoon crushed red pepper; 5 cups water; 2 1/2 cups white wine vinegar; 2 cups sugar; 1 tablespoon kosher salt; 6 firm but ripe peaches, quartered and pitted, with skins (about 2 1/4 pounds) | INSTRUCTIONS: Toast pickling spice and crushed red pepper in a dry medium saucepan over high heat until fragrant, about 30 seconds. Add water, vinegar, sugar, and salt and bring to a simmer, stirring to dissolve sugar. Add peaches and simmer just until tender, about 20 minutes. Remove peaches from liquid with a slotted spoon, reserving liquid, and set aside just until fruit is cool enough to touch. Pinch the skin from peaches-if the skin pulls off easily-and discard. (If the skins cling, don't fret-the peaches will be beautiful and tasty that way as well.) Transfer peaches to a sealed container, cover with  <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, all purpose bread, yeast, coarse kosher sea, olive oil, rosemary leaves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Rosemary Olive Oil Bread | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 3 cups all-purpose or bread flour, plus more as needed; 2 teaspoons instant yeast; 2 teaspoons coarse kosher or sea salt; 1/3 cup olive oil; 1 tablespoon fresh rosemary leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine the flour, yeast, and salt in a food processor. Turn on the machine and add the olive oil through the feed tube, followed by 3/4 cup water. Process for about 30 seconds, adding more water, 1 tablespoon at a time, until the mixture forms a ball and is slightly sticky to the touch. Turn the dough onto a floured work surface and, by hand, knead in the rosemary until the dough feels smooth. Put it in a bowl, cover with plastic wrap, and let rise until the dough doubles in size, about 2 hours. (You can cut this rising time as short as 1 hour if you are in a hurry, or you can let the dough r <END>
INPUT: smoothie, bananas, unsweetened pineapple juice, orange juice, plain yogurt, honey taste
OUTPUT: TITLE: Banana Smoothie | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 bananas; 1 cup unsweetened pineapple juice; 1 cup fresh orange juice; 2/3 cup plain yogurt; honey to taste | INSTRUCTIONS: In a blender blend at high speed the bananas, the pineapple juice, the orange juice, the yogurt, and the honey until the mixture is smooth and frothy and divide the mixture among chilled glasses. In a blender blend at high speed the bananas, the pineapple juice, the orange juice, the yogurt, and the honey until the mixture is smooth and frothy and divide the mixture among chilled glasses. <END>
INPUT: meatballs, smoked bacon, veal, pork, garlic, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Toasted Orecchiette With Veal Meatballs | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 ounces smoked bacon (about 4 slices), frozen; 8 ounces ground veal; 8 ounces ground pork; 8 garlic cloves, 2 whole, 4 finely chopped, 2 thinly sliced; 1 onion, halved, divided; 1/2 cup dried breadcrumbs; 2 tablespoons milk; 1/2 teaspoon coriander, ground; 1/8 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes; 1/8 teaspoon ground allspice; 1/8 teaspoon hot smoked Spanish paprika; 1 teaspoon kosher salt, plus more; 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, plus more; 2 cups low-sodium chicken broth; 12 ounces orecchiette | INSTRUCTIONS: Place a rack in upper third of oven; preheat to 375°F. Pulse bacon in a food processor, scraping down sides as needed, until very finely chopped, about 1 minute; transfer to the bowl of a stand mixer and wipe out food processor. Add veal and pork to bacon and mix with your hands to combine. Pulse whole garlic cloves and half of onion in food processor until finely chopped. Add one-fourth of meat mixture along with breadcrumbs, milk, coriander, red pepper flakes, allspice, paprika, 1 tsp. salt, and 1/4 tsp. black pepper and process until well blended, about 1 minute. Transfer to bowl with remai <END>
INPUT: mess, egg whites, granulated sugar, powdered sugar, crème fraîche, mascarpone
OUTPUT: TITLE: Strawberry, Pomegranate, and Rose Petal Mess | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 large egg whites; 1/4 cup granulated sugar; 1/4 cup powdered sugar; 3/4 cup crème fraîche; 1/2 cup mascarpone; 2 tablespoons powdered sugar; 1/2 teaspoon rose water (optional); 6 ounces strawberries, hulled, halved if large; 1 pint strawberry or raspberry sorbet; 1 tablespoon pomegranate molasses or 1 1/2 teaspoons honey; 1/4 cup pomegranate seeds; 1 teaspoon ground sumac; 2 teaspoons dried rose petals (optional); Sumac is available at specialty foods stores, and pomegranate molasses is available at some grocery stores. Both are available at Middle Eastern marke | INSTRUCTIONS: Meringues: Preheat oven to 200°. Using an electric mixer on medium-high speed, beat egg whites until foamy, about 1 minute. With mixer running, gradually add granulated sugar. Continue to beat until meringue triples in volume, is shiny, and holds medium-stiff peaks, 8–10 minutes. Add powdered sugar and beat just to blend. Spoon 2 heaping tablespoonfuls of meringue onto a parchment-lined baking sheet; repeat to fill baking sheet, spacing 1" apart. Bake until dry, about 4 hours. Do ahead: Meringues can be baked 5 days ahead. Keep airtight at room temperature. Preheat oven to 200°. Using an elect <END>
INPUT: need, talk, Basic Pizza Dough, Milk chocolate chunks, chocolate chunks, Mini marshmallows, Banana
OUTPUT: TITLE: "We Need to Talk" Chocolate Pizza | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 recipe Basic Pizza Dough, recipe follows; Milk chocolate chunks, for topping; White chocolate chunks, for topping; Mini marshmallows, for topping; Banana slices, for topping; Peanut butter, for topping; Chocolate covered candies, for topping (recommended: M&M's); 1 3/4 cup warm water; 1 (1/4-ounce) package active dry yeast (recommended: RapidRise); 2 teaspoons salt; 4 1/2 to 5 cups bread flour; 3 tablespoons olive oil, plus more for bowl; Cornmeal, for pan | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. After baking the dough, milk chocolate and white chocolate chunks should be sprinkled over the surface. Top with mini marshmallows, banana slices and peanut butter drizzle can also be added. Place pizza into oven for 3 to 5 minutes to melt the chocolate and marshmallows. Preheat oven at 450 degrees F. Measure out 1 3/4 cups warm water (it should be pleasantly warm on your wrist). Sprinkle the yeast on top of the water and allow it to activate, about 10 minutes. Put the salt and 2 cups of the flour into a food processor. Pulse 5 times to blend. Pour in the yeast a <END>
INPUT: gratin, Yukon gold potatoes, Gruyere, egg, milk, thyme leaves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Potato Gratin with Thyme | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound Yukon gold or red potatoes; 1 1/2 cups grated Gruyere; 1 large egg; 1 cup whole milk; 2 tablespoons freshly chopped thyme leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. Butter a 1 1/2-quart shallow baking dish. Bring a large saucepan of salted water to a boil. Peel potatoes and cut into 1/8-inch slices - a food processor is good for this. Add potatoes to boiling water and cook 4 minutes. Drain potatoes thoroughly in a colander. Arrange 1/3 of the potatoes in baking dish, top with 1/3 of the cheese, 1/3 of the thyme leaves, and sprinkle with salt and freshly ground pepper. Repeat twice more, ending with a layer of cheese and thyme. Heat milk just to boiling. In a small bowl whisk egg and add hot milk, stirring. Pour evenly over p <END>
INPUT: bars, sugar, rolled oats, all purpose flour, baking powder, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pepita Bars | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 cup brown sugar; 1 1/2 cups rolled oats; 1 1/4 cups all-purpose flour; 3/4 teaspoon baking powder; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 2/3 cup unsalted butter, melted; 1 1/2 cups rolled oats (not old-fashioned); 1/2 cup unsweetened coconut flakes; 1/2 cup slivered almonds, toasted (see Note 1); 1/2 cup pepitas (raw hulled green pumpkin seeds) , toasted; 1/2 cup sesame seeds; Generous 1/4 cup honey; 3/4 cup brown sugar; 2/3 cup unsalted butter; 6 ounces semisweet chocolate, coarsely chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 275 degrees. Thoroughly butter a 9 x 13inch baking pan with 2inch sides and line the base with parchment paper. In a large bowl, combine the brown sugar, oats, flour, baking powder, and salt. Toss together with your hands, then add the melted butter and continue working with your hands until the mixture is crumbly. Pat the crust mixture evenly over the base of the pan and bake for 10 minutes. Cool on a rack. In a large mixing bowl, combine the oats, coconut, almonds, pepitas, and sesame seeds, and set aside. In a medium heavy saucepan, combine the honey, brown sugar, and bu <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, stew, virgin olive oil, garlic, cumin
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chickpea Stew | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1 cup diced (1/4 inch) red onion; 2 tablespoons finely minced garlic; 1 teaspoon ground cumin; 2 cans (15 ounces each) chickpeas (garbanzo beans), rinsed and drained; 1 can (14 ounces) Italian plum tomatoes, chopped, with their juices; 4 sprigs fresh thyme or 1 teaspoon dried thyme; 1 teaspoon honey; 1 teaspoon fresh lemon juice; 1 can (14 ounces) chicken broth; Salt and freshly ground black pepper, to taste; 1/2 cup chopped flat-leaf parsley; Cooked couscous for serving (optional) | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. Place the olive oil in a heavy saucepan over medium-low heat. Add the onion; stirring occasionally, cook until wilted, about 12 minutes. Add the garlic during the last 2 minutes. Stir in the cumin and cook 2 minutes more to mellow the flavors. 2. Add the chickpeas, the tomatoes with their juices, thyme, honey, lemon juice, broth, salt, and pepper. Bring to a boil, skimming off any foam that rises to the surface. Reduce the heat and simmer, uncovered, for 15 to 20 minutes. Adjust the seasonings and stir in the parsley. 3. To serve, spoon couscous (if desired) into 4 shallow bowls and top wit <END>
INPUT: American, sassy, sandwiches, container, chives, thyme, unsalted butter, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sassy Ham and Cheese Sandwiches | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 container (8 ounces) cream cheese; 2 teaspoons chopped fresh chives; 1 pinch dried thyme; 1 stick unsalted butter, melted; 2 tablespoons freshly grated onion; 2 tablespoons grated Parmigiano-Reggiano; 2 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce; 1 package (12 count) Hawaiian rolls; 8 ounces Black Forest deli ham, thinly sliced; 8 ounces gruyere, grated | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. In a small bowl, combine the cream cheese, chives and thyme. Mix until well combined and set aside. In a separate bowl, mix together the butter, onions, Parmesan and Worcestershire sauce. Set aside in a warm spot to keep the butter from solidifying. Cut all 12 rolls in half. Place the roll bottoms in a 9- by 13-inch pan. Place equal amounts of ham (about 3 slices) on each roll. Top with the gruyere. Spread a generous amount of the chive and cream cheese on the roll tops. Place the tops on top of each sandwich bottom. Pour the butter mixture over the top of th <END>
INPUT: new potatoes, canola oil, garlic, Salt pepper, chives
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Red Potatoes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 to 8 new potatoes, cut in half or quartered, depending on size; 1 1/2 tablespoons canola oil; 2 cloves garlic, smashed and turned into a paste; Salt and freshly ground pepper; 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh chives; 1 teaspoon fresh thyme leaves; Extra-virgin olive oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Toss the potatoes with the canola oil, garlic paste and salt and pepper to taste. Place on a sheet tray and roast until cooked through and golden brown, 25 to 30 minutes. Remove from the oven and immediately fold in the herbs. Re-season if needed and drizzle with olive oil to finish. <END>
INPUT: color, salad, carrots, snow peas, roasted peppers, maple vinaigrette, sunflower seeds
OUTPUT: TITLE: 3-Color Salad with Maple Vinaigrette | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 pounds carrots; 2 pounds snow peas; 1 pound roasted peppers; 1 cup maple vinaigrette, recipe follows; 1/2 pound sunflower seeds; 9 ounces old-fashioned mustard; 38 1/2 ounces maple syrup; 19 ounces cider vinegar; 1 1/2 ounces sea salt; 29 ounces sunflower seed oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Peel carrots and cut into sticks 4 inches by 1/2-inch. Cook snow peas and carrots for 1 minute in the steamer and cool in cold water. Cut the roasted peppers into slivers. Mix together vegetables with Maple Vinaigrette and sunflower seeds. Mix together mustard, maple syrup, vinegar, and salt, process in blender. To emulsify, add oil in a fine stream while continuing to process in the blender. <END>
INPUT: latin, virgin olive oil, butter, Salt pepper, rice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Latin Chicken and Rice Pot | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil, 1 turn of the pan; 2 tablespoons butter; 1 pound boneless, skinless chicken tenders, breasts or thighs, cut into bite size pieces; Salt and pepper; 2 cups white rice; 3 cups chicken stock, available in paper boxes on the soup aisle of market; 1 teaspoon poultry seasoning; 1 tablespoon (3 teaspoons) Sazon seasoning blend (recommended: Goya) with Mexican and Spanish foods in market; 1 cup tomato sauce; 1 (2-ounce) box golden raisins, 1/4 cup; 1 cup Spanish olives with pimentos, drained and chopped; 2 vine ripe tomatoes, seeded and chopped; 1 small green bell pepper, seeded and chopped; 1 small white skinned onion, chopped; Several drops hot sauce | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat a medium pot over medium heat, add extra-virgin olive oil and butter. When butter melts into oil, add cut up chicken. Season the chicken with salt and pepper. Stir and lightly brown the chicken, then add the rice and cook another 1 to 2 minutes. Add chicken stock, poultry seasoning, Sazon seasoning, tomato sauce and raisins. Bring the stock to a quick boil, 2 or 3 minutes. When the liquid boils, reduce heat to low and cook 13 to 15 minutes, until rice is tender but still a little chewy in the center. While the rice and chicken are working, prepare the salsa. Combine all the ingredients <END>
INPUT: American, brooklyn, corniest, bacon, onions, kosher salt, canola oil, corn
OUTPUT: TITLE: Brooklyn's Corniest Hot Dogs | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 3 slices thick cut bacon, cut into small lardons; 2 large onions, finely chopped; 1 teaspoon kosher salt, divided; 2 tablespoons canola oil; 3 ears corn, kernels removed; 1/2 teaspoon sugar; Freshly ground black pepper; 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh cilantro leaves; 4 hot dogs (recommended: Boar's Head natural casing); 1 tablespoon piri-piri hot sauce (recommended: Mazi); 4 potato buns (recommended: Martin's); 4 tablespoons salted butter, melted; 2 tablespoons mayonnaise (recommended: Kewpie); 2 tablespoons whole-grain mustard; 1/4 cup grated Cotija cheese | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Bacon: Saute the lardons in a frying pan over medium heat until the fat is rendered and the bacon is crispy. Reserve the bacon lardons for garnish and reserve bacon fat for cooking the onions. Caramelized onions: Put the onions into the bacon fat, season with a 1/2 teaspoon of salt to draw out moisture and cook gently over medium heat until caramelized, about 20 minutes. Reserve. Corn: Put 2 tablespoons of canola oil in a hot pan over medium heat. When the oil starts to smoke, add the corn kernels 1/2 teaspoon of sugar, 1/2 teaspoon of kosher salt and freshly gro <END>
INPUT: cookies, dark sugar, sugar, eggs, pure vanilla extract
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate Chip Cookies | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup (1 stick) unsalted butter; 3/4 cup packed dark brown sugar; 3/4 cup sugar; 2 large eggs; 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract; 1 (12-ounce) bag semisweet chocolate chips, or chunks; 2 1/4 cups all-purpose flour; 3/4 teaspoon baking soda; 1 teaspoon fine salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Evenly position 2 racks in the middle of the oven and preheat to 375 degrees F. (on convection setting if you have it.) Line 2 baking sheets with parchment paper or silicone sheets. (If you only have 1 baking sheet, let it cool completely between batches.) Put the butter in a microwave safe bowl, cover and microwave on medium power until melted. (Alternatively melt in a small saucepan.) Cool slightly. Whisk the sugars, eggs, butter and vanilla in a large bowl until smooth. Whisk the flour, baking soda and salt in another bowl. Stir the dry ingredients into the wet ingredients with a wooden spo <END>
INPUT: brownies, unsalted butter, bittersweet chocolate, eggs, granulated sugar, Italian hazelnut liqueur
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate Hazelnut Brownies with Milk Chocolate Frosting | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 stick unsalted butter; 3 ounces bittersweet chocolate, coarsely chopped; 2 large eggs; 3/4 cups plus 2 tablespoons granulated sugar; 2 tablespoons Italian hazelnut liqueur, such as Frangelico; 1/2 cup all-purpose flour; 1 cup skinless hazelnuts, toasted and chopped; Milk chocolate frosting, recipe follows; White chocolate whipped cream, for garnish, recipe follows; Polka dot triangle, for garnish, recipe follows; Hersheys chocolate sauce in squeeze bottles; Toasted hazelnuts, finely chopped; Bittersweet Polka Dot Triangle; Sprig of mint; 5 ounces Lindt milk chocolate, finely chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Butter the bottom and sides of an 8-inch square baking pan. Line the bottom of the pan with parchment or waxed paper and coat the paper with butter. Place the butter and the chocolate in the top of a double boiler over hot, not simmering water. Stir the mixture until it is completely melted and smooth. Remove the top part of the double boiler from the bottom and allow the mixture to cool. In a medium bowl, whisk together the eggs and sugar. Whisk in the hazelnut liqueur and the cooled chocolate mixture. With a rubber spatula, stir in the flour just until blended. <END>
INPUT: salad, potatoes, water, mayonnaise, plain yogurt, Dijon style mustard
OUTPUT: TITLE: Horseradish Dill Potato Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound small red potatoes; 1/4 cup water; 2 tablespoons mayonnaise; 2 tablespoons plain yogurt; 1 teaspoon Dijon-style mustard; 1 teaspoon balsamic vinegar; 1 teaspoon drained bottled horseradish, or to taste; 2 tablespoons minced fresh dill; 1 large carrot, shredded coarse (about 1 cup); 1/4 cup finely chopped red onion | INSTRUCTIONS: In a microwave-safe bowl combine the potatoes, cut into 1-inch pieces, and the water and microwave the potatoes, covered with microwave-safe plastic wrap, at high power (100%) for 6 to 8 minutes, or until they are tender. Let the potatoes stand, covered, for 3 minutes, drain them, and let them cool completely. In a bowl whisk together the mayonnaise, the yogurt, the mustard, the vinegar, the horseradish, the dill and salt and pepper to taste, add the carrot, the onion, and the potatoes, and toss the salad until it is combined well. In a microwave-safe bowl combine the potatoes, cut into 1-inch <END>
INPUT: leaf, salad, virgin olive oil, lemon juice, Kosher salt pepper, Brussels sprouts, baby arugula
OUTPUT: TITLE: Brussels Sprout-Leaf Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 1/4 cup freshly lemon juice (from 1 large lemon); Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 1/2 pounds Brussels sprouts; 2 cups baby arugula; 1 head Belgian endive, cut into 1/2-inch pieces; 1/3 cup sliced almonds, toasted* see Cook's Note; 1/3 cup grated Pecorino Romano | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Dressing: In a small bowl, whisk together the olive oil and lemon juice until combined. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Salad: Using a small paring knife, remove the outer leaves from the Brussels sprouts. Reserve the cores for another use. Bring a large saucepan of water to a boil over medium-high heat. Add the Brussels sprout leaves and cook for 1 minute. Drain and put in a bowl of iced water, then transfer to a colander to drain. Put the Brussels sprout leaves, arugula, endive, and almonds into a large salad bowl. Add the dressing and toss together. Spr <END>
INPUT: soup, processed fish maw, ginger, chicken broth, mushrooms, cornstarch
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fish Maw Soup | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 ounces processed fish maw (hot sandblasted, see Cook's Note); 8 thin slices fresh ginger; 6 cups chicken broth; 8 medium dry black mushrooms, rehydrated for 20 minutes, destemmed, and cut into thin strips; 1 tablespoon cornstarch; 3 tablespoons water; 2 egg whites, beaten with salt and white pepper; 1 cup julienned yellow chives; 1 cup shredded cooked chicken; Salt and white pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Soak fish maw in warm water for 2 hours. Place fish maw in a 4-quart saucepan and cover with cold water. Add 4 ginger slices and bring to a boil. Boil for 5 minutes on medium low heat and then drain fish in colander, rinsing with cold water. Squeeze out any excess water. Cut the maw into 1/2 inch diced pieces, discarding any hard pieces. Heat the chicken broth and the remaining 4 ginger slices in a large pot until boiling. Add the fish maw and the black mushrooms. Heat to boiling and then turn to medium low heat and simmer 10 minutes. While soup is simmering, combine the cornstarch and water i <END>
INPUT: popover, cremes, vanilla bean, heavy cream, egg yolks, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pistachio Popover Cremes Brulees with Grand Marnier Syrup | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 vanilla bean, halved lengthwise; 2 cups heavy cream; 4 large egg yolks; 1/4 cup sugar; 1/2 vanilla bean, halved lengthwise; 2 cups fresh orange juice; 1 cup sugar; 2 tablespoons Grand Marnier or other orange liqueur; 1/2 cup unsalted shelled natural pistachios; 1/4 cup granulated sugar; 1 cup all-purpose flour; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 1 cup whole milk at room temperature; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted; 3 large eggs at room temperature | INSTRUCTIONS: Make custard: Scrape seeds from vanilla bean into cream in a 2-quart heavy saucepan, then add pod and bring to a simmer over moderate heat. Remove from heat, then steep, covered, 20 minutes. Discard pod. Preheat oven to 325°F. Whisk together yolks, sugar, and a pinch of salt, then add hot cream in a slow stream, whisking constantly. Pour through a fine sieve into glass loaf pan. Cover pan with foil and bake custard in a hot water bath until set but with center still slightly wobbly, about 1 hour. Remove foil and cool custard in pan on a rack, then chill, covered, until firm, at least 4 hours.  <END>
INPUT: vegetable oil, pork, garlic, onion, beans
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lumpia | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons vegetable oil; 1 pound lean ground pork; 2 cloves garlic, minced; 1 onion, sliced; 1/2 lb green beans, julienned; 2 carrots, julienned; 1 tablespoon soy sauce (optional); 1 cup bean sprouts (optional); 15 lumpia wrappers, square or round; Salt to taste; Serving suggestion: Sweet and Sour or Vinegar and Garlic Dipping Sauce, recipes follow; 1/4 cup white vinegar; 1/4 cup soy sauce; 1/4 cup ketchup; 1/2 cup water | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat oil in skillet and saute garlic and onions until tender. Add pork and saute until browned. Add vegetables and cook until tender, yet crisp, about 5-10 minutes. Remove from heat. Season with soy sauce. When mixture is cool, add bean sprouts. Salt to taste. To assemble lumpia: Carefully separate wrappers. To prevent them from drying out, cover unused wrappers with moist paper towel. Lay one wrapper on clean surface. Place about 2-3 tablespoons of the filling near the edge closest to you. Roll edge towards the middle. Fold in both sides and continue rolling. Moisten opposite edge with water  <END>
INPUT: Italian, breasts, brown, balsamic vinegar, virgin olive oil, stems rosemary, Salt coarse pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Rosemary Chicken Breasts, Brown Butter and Balsamic Ravioli, Warm Spinach Salad with Pancetta and Sw | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 4 pieces boneless, skinless chicken breast, 6 to 8 ounces each; 2 tablespoons balsamic vinegar, eyeball it, just enough to coat chicken lightly; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 3 stems rosemary, leaves stripped and chopped, about 2 tablespoons; Salt and coarse black pepper; 4 cloves garlic, cracked away from skin with a whack against the flat of your knife; 1 package, 12 to 16 ounces, fresh ravioli, any flavor filling; 3 tablespoons butter, cut into small pieces; 2 tablespoons balsamic vinegar; 2 handfuls grated Parmigiano-Reggiano; Salt and pepper; 1/4 cup chopped flat-leaf parsley, a couple of handfuls; 6 slices pancetta, chopped; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, 2 turns of the pan; 1 small shallot, finely chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: Coat chicken in balsamic vinegar, then olive oil. Season chicken with rosemary, salt and pepper and let stand 10 minutes. Bring a large pot of water to a boil for ravioli. Salt water and drop ravioli in water. Cook 8 minutes or until raviolis expand, float to top of water, and are al dente. Heat a medium nonstick skillet over medium high heat. Add chicken breasts and cracked garlic to the pan. Cook chicken 12 minutes, or until juices run clear, turning occasionally. The balsamic vinegar will produce a deep brown, sweet finish on the chicken as it cooks. When the chicken is 2 or 3 minutes away  <END>
INPUT: warm, truffle, Kobe beef, mushrooms, portobello mushrooms, onion, Vegetable oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Warm Kobe Beef with Truffle Tea | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 8 ounces Kobe beef; 2 cups white mushrooms, chopped; 1 cup portobello mushrooms, chopped; 1/2 yellow onion, chopped fine; Vegetable oil, for sauteing; 2 Idaho potatoes, peeled and diced; 1 teaspoon olive oil; Salt and pepper, to taste; Garnish: 2 sprigs thyme; 2 cups dried shiitake mushrooms; 1 cup dried citrus tea leaves; 1 quart water; 1 shallot, chopped; 1 stalk lemon grass; 1 (3-inch) piece of ginger | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Slice the beef thinly and pound to flatten. Set aside in the refrigerator. Saute the white and portobello mushrooms together with yellow onion in cooking oil. Add the potatoes and 1 teaspoon olive oil and continue to cook until browned and tender. Season with salt and pepper and cool slightly. Take the beef and place some potato mixture onto the center of each slice. Roll to make roulade. Bake the rolls in the preheated oven for about 2 minutes. Take half of the dried shiitake mushrooms and place in blender or food processor. Blend into fine powder. Mix powder wi <END>
INPUT: warm, sauce, semisweet chocolate, unsweetened chocolate, water, mint leaves mint, light corn syrup
OUTPUT: TITLE: Warm Chocolate Mint Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 9 ounces semisweet chocolate; 4 ounces unsweetened chocolate; 1 cup water; 1/4 cup fresh mint leaves or 1 mint tea bag; 1/2 cup light corn syrup | INSTRUCTIONS: In the top half of a double boiler, combine the 2 chocolates over simmering water. Meanwhile in another small saucepan, heat the water to boiling and pour it over the fresh mint leaves in another bowl. Let steep while the chocolate is melting. Using a sieve over a bowl, strain the mint water, reserving the water. Keep the water hot. Stir the chocolate occasionally until melted; then whisk in the corn syrup and mint infused hot water (don't remove the double boiler from the heat). Whisk until smooth and shiny. (The sauce can be made up to 24 hours in advance and refrigerated. To rewarm, stir ov <END>
INPUT: Asian, vegetable oil, ginger, garlic, jasmine rice, light coconut milk
OUTPUT: TITLE: Bell Peppers with Shrimp and Coconut Rice | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 4 teaspoons vegetable oil; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh ginger; 4 teaspoons chopped garlic; 1 cup jasmine rice, rinsed and drained; 3/4 cup light coconut milk; 1 teaspoon finely grated lime zest; 1 teaspoon sugar; 3/4 teaspoon kosher salt; 1/4 teaspoon black pepper; 1 pound medium shrimp, thawed if frozen, peeled and deveined; 4 medium red bell peppers; 2 tablespoons fresh lime juice; 1/4 cup chopped fresh basil; 1/3 cup roughly chopped roasted, unsalted cashews | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat oven to 350��. In a medium pan over medium heat, heat oil. Cook ginger and garlic, 1 minute. Add rice and cook, 2 minutes. Add milk, 1 1/4 cups water, zest, sugar, salt and black pepper and bring to a low boil; stir and cover. Reduce heat to simmer, 10 minutes. Stir in shrimp; cover and cook until shrimp are opaque, 5 minutes. In a large pot, bring 8 inches of water to a low boil. Cut off top third of each bell pepper and reserve; remove ribs and seeds. Boil peppers and tops until slightly soft, 5 minutes; place upside down on a paper towel-lined plate. Stir juice, basil and cashews into  <END>
INPUT: baklava, matzoh, sugar, lemon juice, honey, rose water
OUTPUT: TITLE: Matzoh Baklava | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 sheets matzoh; 2 cups sugar; 3 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 1 tablespoon honey; 1/2 teaspoon rose water; 1 cup walnuts, chopped; 1 cup shelled raw unsalted natural pistachios, chopped; 1 cup packed brown sugar; 1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1/2 teaspoon ground cardamom; 1/2 cup (1 stick) unsalted margarine or butter, melted | INSTRUCTIONS: Briefly pass each sheet of matzoh under cold running water until wet on all sides. Layer sheets between damp paper towels and let stand until somewhat pliable but not soggy or falling apart, about 2 hours. Briefly pass each sheet of matzoh under cold running water until wet on all sides. Layer sheets between damp paper towels and let stand until somewhat pliable but not soggy or falling apart, about 2 hours. While matzoh is softening, make syrup In small saucepan over moderately high heat, stir together 1 cup water and sugar. Bring to boil, then lower heat to moderate and cook, uncovered, unti <END>
INPUT: mixed heirloom tomatoes, water, onion, carrots, celery
OUTPUT: TITLE: Heirloom Tomato Terrine | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 1/2 pounds mixed heirloom tomatoes (2 to 2 1/2 inches); 8 cups water; 1 medium onion, finely chopped; 2 medium carrots, finely chopped; 2 celery ribs, finely chopped; 2 medium zucchini, finely chopped; 1 ear of corn, kernels removed (reserve cob); 1 large turnip, finely chopped (1 1/2 cups); 4 large fresh shiitake mushrooms, chopped; 1 bunch parsley (leaves and stems), chopped; 1/2 cup mixed chopped herbs such as basil, tarragon, and chives; 3 tablespoons unflavored gelatin (from three 1/4-ounce envelopes); 1/2 cup mixed chopped herbs such as basil, tarragon, and chives; a 9 1/2- by 3-inch rectangular nonreactive terrine (2 3/4 inches deep); extra-virgin olive oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Make vegetable broth: Core tomatoes and cut a shallow X in bottom of each, then blanch tomatoes in boiling water 10 seconds. Transfer with a slotted spoon to an ice bath to stop cooking. Peel tomatoes using tip of a small paring knife, reserving skins. With tomatoes standing on stem ends, cut off outer layer of flesh (follow curve of tomato) from each side, leaving seedy interior and reserving flesh and interior (with juices) separately. Core tomatoes and cut a shallow X in bottom of each, then blanch tomatoes in boiling water 10 seconds. Transfer with a slotted spoon to an ice bath to stop co <END>
INPUT: russet, olive oil, cauliflower, chives chives garnish
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Potatoes and Cauliflower with Chives | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 large russet (baking) potatoes; 3 tablespoons olive oil; 1 small head of cauliflower, cut into small flowerets; 1/3 cup thinly sliced fresh chives plus 8 whole chives for garnish if desired | INSTRUCTIONS: Peel the potatoes, with a melon-ball cutter scoop out as many balls as possible from them, and in a jelly-roll pan toss the balls with the oil and salt and pepper to taste. Roast the potatoes in the middle of a preheated 450°F. oven, turning them occasionally, for 15 minutes. Add the cauliflower, toss the mixture well, and roast it for 10 minutes, or until the cauliflower is tender and golden in spots. Toss the vegetables with the sliced chives and salt and pepper to taste and serve them garnished with the whole chives. Peel the potatoes, with a melon-ball cutter scoop out as many balls as pos <END>
INPUT: baklava, filo dough, butter, lemons juiced zested, honey, cinnamon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Apple Baklava | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound thawed filo dough; 1 cup melted butter; 2 lemons juiced and zested; 4 tablespoons honey; 2 teaspoons cinnamon; 3 cups diced Granny Smith apples; 2 cups chopped toasted walnuts; 2 cups chopped toasted pistachios; 1 1/2 cups sugar; 1/2 cup honey; 1 pint water; 1 lemon rind | INSTRUCTIONS: On a sheetpan lined with parchment paper, lay down 1 sheet of filo and brush with butter. Repeat process with 3 more sheets. Cover remaining sheets with damp towel and set aside. To make filling place the lemon juice and zest, honey, cinnamon, apples, and chopped nuts and gently heat for 3 minutes set aside to cool. Spread 1/3 of mixture onto buttered filo stack. Top apple mixture with another stack of buttered filo. Repeat process until mixture and filo is gone (there should be 3 layers). Bake in a preheated 350 degree oven for 1 hour. Mix sugar, honey, water and lemon and bring to simmer. Re <END>
INPUT: cornucopia, egg, puff pastry, tin foil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Kim's Puff Pastry Cornucopia | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 egg white beaten; 1 box puff pastry; 1 box tin foil | INSTRUCTIONS: Gather a long sheet of tin foil and scrunch it up into the shape of a cornucopia (solid form), approximately 12-inches long, and as thick as you desire. Make it big, so you can add lots of desserts or other foods. Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. Next, roll out puff pastry and cut into 1 inch strips. Begin constructing the cornucopia by wrapping each strip of pastry around and around the tin foil. After approximately 20 strips, the entire foil inner will be covered. Cut out decorative leaves with the remainder of dough and decorate the top of the cornocopia. When it's finished brush with egg was <END>
INPUT: Mexican, tortilla, soup, cumin, chilli powder, garlic powder, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken Tortilla Soup | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 teaspoons ground cumin; About 1 1/4 teaspoons chilli powder; 1/2 teaspoon garlic powder; 1/2 teaspoon salt, plus more to taste; 2 boneless, skinless chicken breasts; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1 cup diced onion; 1/4 cup diced green bell pepper; 1/4 cup diced red bell pepper; 3 cloves garlic, minced; One 10-ounce can diced tomatoes and green chiles, such as Rotel; 4 cups low-sodium chicken broth; 4 cups hot water; 3 tablespoons tomato paste; Two 15-ounce cans black beans, drained | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Start by mixing together the cumin, 1 teaspoon of the chilli powder, the garlic powder and salt. Drizzle the chicken breasts with 1 tablespoon of the olive oil. Then sprinkle with 1 teaspoon of the spice mixture. Set the rest of the spice mixture aside. Bake until the chicken is cooked all the way through, 15 to 20 minutes. Remove it from the oven. Cut the chicken into cubes and set aside. Next, heat the remaining 1 tablespoon olive oil in a large pot over medium-high heat. Throw in the onions, green and red bell peppers and gar <END>
INPUT: unsalted butter, onion, breadcrumbs, salt, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Stuffed Pork Chops | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1 medium onion, finely chopped; 1/2 cup breadcrumbs; Pinch salt; Pinch pepper; Pinch garlic powder; 1 large egg, lightly beaten; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley; 4 bone-in pork chops, about 1 1/2-inch thick; 1 cup all-purpose flour; 1/4 cup vegetable oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Melt the butter in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Add the onions and saute until translucent, about 7 minutes. Remove the pan from the heat and stir in the breadcrumbs, salt, pepper and garlic powder. Stir in the beaten egg and parsley. To cut pockets into the pork chops, insert the point of a small sharp knife horizontally into the fat-covered edge. Move the knife back and forth to create a deep pocket about 1 1/2 inches wide. Fill the pocket of each chop with the breadcrumb mixture. Secure the openings with toothpicks. Place the flour in a shallow b <END>
INPUT: Mexican, quesadillas, skirt steak, paprika, Kosher salt pepper, corn oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Dos Toros Quesadillas | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound skirt steak; 1 teaspoon paprika; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 tablespoons corn oil; 1/4 cup corn oil; 4 flour tortillas (approximately 13 inches); 2 cups shredded Monterey Jack cheese; 1 cup tomato salsa, your favorite or Dos Toros Tomato Salsa, recipe follows; 1 cup guacamole, your favorite or Dos Toros Guacamole, recipe follows; Your favorite hot sauce or Dos Toros Verde Hot Sauce, recipe follows; 6 Roma tomatoes, diced; 1 1/2 small red onions, diced; 1 cup fresh cilantro, chopped; 1/4 cup lime juice; 1 tablespoon kosher salt | INSTRUCTIONS: For the steak: Preheat a griddle or grill pan over high heat. Season both sides of the steak with the paprika and some salt and pepper. Add the oil to the griddle and cook the steak for about 3 minutes per side to medium rare. Let rest for 10 minutes before slicing into strips against the grain. For the quesadillas: Preheat a griddle or large skillet over medium-high heat. Brush the griddle with 1 tablespoon of the corn oil. Place a tortilla onto the griddle and sprinkle with about 1/2 cup of the cheese. Cook until the cheese starts to melt and the tortilla turns light brown. Place about 4 sli <END>
INPUT: American, chicken broth, salt, pepper, regular grits
OUTPUT: TITLE: Baked Garlic Cheese Grits | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 6 cups chicken broth; 1 teaspoon salt; 1/4 teaspoon pepper; 2 cups regular grits; 3 (6-ounce) rolls cheese with garlic, or any garlic-cheddar spread, diced (recommended: Kraft); 1/2 cup milk; 4 eggs, beaten; 1/2 cup butter; 1 cup grated sharp Cheddar | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Grease a 4-quart casserole dish. Bring the broth, salt, and pepper, to a boil in a 2-quart saucepan. Stir in the grits and whisk until completely combined. Reduce the heat to low and simmer until the grits are thick, about 8 minutes. Add the garlic-cheese and milk and stir. Gradually stir in the eggs and butter, stirring until all are combined. Pour the mixture into the prepared casserole dish. Sprinkle with the Cheddar and bake for 45 minutes, or until set. <END>
INPUT: Good olive oil, figs, Italian prosciutto
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Figs and Prosciutto | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Good olive oil; 20 large fresh ripe figs; 20 thin slices Italian prosciutto (about 8 ounces) | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Snip the hard stems off the figs and cut the figs in half lengthwise through the stem. With a small sharp knife, cut the prosciutto lengthwise into inch-wide strips. Wrap a strip of prosciutto around the center of each fig half, with the ends overlapping. Brush with olive oil and arrange cut-side up on a sheet pan. Roast the figs for 10 minutes, until the prosciutto is a little crisp and the figs are warmed through. Serve warm. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, plum tomatoes, onions, cilantro, olive oil, cumin
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mexican Oysters | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 3 plum tomatoes, seeded, diced; 3 green onions, chopped; 1/3 cup chopped fresh cilantro; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 2 teaspoons ground cumin; 1 jalapeño chili, seeded, chopped; 12 fresh oysters, shucked, left on half shell; Crusty French bread | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine first 6 ingredients in medium bowl. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Let stand 30 minutes. Preheat broiler. Arrange oysters on broiler-proof pan. Spoon salsa over oysters, dividing evenly. Broil until heated through, about 5 minutes. Serve with bread to soak up juices. Combine first 6 ingredients in medium bowl. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Let stand 30 minutes. Preheat broiler. Arrange oysters on broiler-proof pan. Spoon salsa over oysters, dividing evenly. Broil until heated through, about 5 minutes. Serve with bread to soak up juices. <END>
INPUT: American, chicken, Olive oil, Salt pepper, Barbecue Sauce, Peanut oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Barbecue Chicken | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 whole chicken, butterflied; Olive oil, for coating; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; Barbecue Sauce, recipe follows; Peanut oil; 3 red onions, sliced into 1/2- inch rounds; 3 red bell peppers, cored; 2 apples, cored and quartered; 2 cups red wine vinegar; 1/4 cup Worcestershire sauce; 1 1/2 cups molasses; 3 1/2 cups ketchup; 1 cup tomato paste; 1 cup packed brown sugar; 1 1/2 tablespoons salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat grill. Coat the chicken with oil and season with salt and pepper. Place the chicken directly over the hottest part of the grill to sear. Once seared on both sides remove to a cooler part of the grill. Baste both sides with barbecue sauce and cover the grill. Cook until the internal temperature of the chicken is 165 degrees F. Preheat grill. Toss the onion, red bell pepper, and apples in the peanut oil to coat. Place on the grill for about 15 minutes. Remove and roughly chop. In a large pot on a hot grill add the chopped vegetables and the rest of the ingr <END>
INPUT: ryder, pasilla chile peppers, canola oil, bell pepper, jalapeno peppers
OUTPUT: TITLE: Ryder's Turkey Chili | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 10 to 12 dried pasilla chile peppers; 4 tablespoons canola oil; 1 red bell pepper, diced; 1 green bell pepper, diced; 1 1/2 jalapeno peppers, minced (remove seeds for less heat); 9 cloves garlic, minced; 2 small red onions, diced; 3 pounds coarsely ground turkey (thigh and breast meat); 1/3 cup tomato paste; 3 cups tomato sauce; 1 cup low-sodium chicken broth; 1 tablespoon granulated onion; 2 teaspoons granulated garlic; 3 tablespoons chili powder; 2 tablespoons paprika | INSTRUCTIONS: Rehydrate the pasilla peppers in hot water for 20 to 30 minutes, or until softened; drain. Remove the stems and seeds; dice the peppers. Warm the oil in a large pot over high heat. Add the pasillas, bell peppers, jalapenos, garlic and onions and cook until caramelized, about 8 minutes. Add the turkey and gently stir, trying not to break up the meat too much; cook until the meat is no longer pink, about 5 minutes. Add the tomato paste and sauce, stir for 4 minutes, then add the chicken broth. Add the granulated onion and garlic, chili powder, paprika, cumin, cayenne, 2 tablespoons salt and 2 te <END>
INPUT: Italian, burgers, mayonnaise, sun tomatoes oil, garlic, parsley basil, Kosher salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Italian Burgers with Roasted Tomatoes and Caramelized Onions | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup mayonnaise; 2 tablespoons chopped drained sun-dried tomatoes packed in oil; 2 cloves garlic, roughly chopped; 1 tablespoon roughly chopped fresh parsley and/or basil; Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper; 4 plum tomatoes, halved; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1/2 teaspoon dried basil; 1/2 teaspoon dried oregano; Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper; For the caramelized onions:; 4 tablespoons unsalted butter; 3 large onions, thinly sliced; Pinch of sugar; Vegetable oil, for the grill | INSTRUCTIONS: Make the aioli: Blend the mayonnaise, sun-dried tomatoes, garlic, fresh herbs and 1/4 teaspoon each salt and pepper in a mini food processor or blender until smooth. Transfer to a bowl and refrigerate until ready to use. Make the roasted tomatoes: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F and line a baking sheet with parchment paper. Pat the tomatoes dry with paper towels and arrange on the prepared baking sheet; drizzle with the olive oil and sprinkle with the dried basil, oregano and 1/2 teaspoon each salt and pepper. Roast until the tomatoes start caramelizing, about 30 minutes. Meanwhile, make the <END>
INPUT: Asian, water, matchstick size ginger, pure maple syrup, whiskey brandy, lemon juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Asian Pears with Ginger-Maple Syrup | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup water; 1 tablespoon matchstick-size pieces peeled fresh ginger; 1 cup pure maple syrup; 2 tablespoons whiskey or brandy; 1 teaspoon fresh lemon juice; 1 teaspoon grated lemon peel; 1/2 teaspoon ground nutmeg; 4 7-ounce chilled Asian pears; 2 tablespoons finely chopped crystallized ginger; 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh mint leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine 1/4 cup water and fresh ginger in heavy medium saucepan. Cover; simmer until ginger is tender, about 5 minutes. Stir in syrup, whiskey, lemon juice, lemon peel and nutmeg. Simmer 10 minutes to blend flavors, stirring occasionally. (Can be made 2 days ahead. Cover; chill. Bring to simmer before continuing.) Slice pears into rounds. Overlap 6 rounds on each plate. Drizzle sauce over. Top with crystallized ginger and mint. Combine 1/4 cup water and fresh ginger in heavy medium saucepan. Cover; simmer until ginger is tender, about 5 minutes. Stir in syrup, whiskey, lemon juice, lemon peel  <END>
INPUT: Asian, cups, low sodium soy, rice vinegar, sesame oil, ginger, Chinese five spice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Sesame Chicken Lettuce Cups | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup low-sodium soy sauce; 1/4 cup rice vinegar; 3 tablespoons toasted sesame oil; 1 tablespoon grated peeled fresh ginger; 1/2 teaspoon Chinese five-spice powder; 1 1/2 pounds chicken cutlets (about 5); 2 small eggplants (about 12 ounces), sliced 1/2 inch thick; 1 pint grape or cherry tomatoes, halved; 3 scallions, thinly sliced; 1/2 cup fresh cilantro and/or mint, roughly chopped; 2 to 3 small heads Bibb or Little Gem lettuce, leaves separated; 1/3 cup peanuts or cashews, roughly chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat a grill to medium high. Whisk the soy sauce, vinegar, 2 tablespoons each sesame oil and water and the ginger in a large bowl. Remove 1/4 cup of the dressing to a medium bowl; set aside. Whisk the five-spice powder into the large bowl and add the chicken; toss to coat and set aside to marinate, 10 minutes. Meanwhile, brush the eggplant slices on both sides with the remaining 1 tablespoon sesame oil. Grill until well marked and tender, 3 to 4 minutes per side; transfer to a cutting board and let cool slightly. Roughly chop the eggplant and add it to the bowl with the reserved sesame dres <END>
INPUT: Indian, hurry, canola oil, cumin seed, coriander seed, curry powder, ginger
OUTPUT: TITLE: Hurry Curry Cauliflower | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon canola oil; 1 teaspoon cumin seed; 1 teaspoon coriander seed; 2 teaspoons curry powder; 1 teaspoon fresh ginger, minced; 1 whole clove garlic, smashed; 1 head cauliflower, cut into florets; 1 cup water; 1 cup rice wine vinegar; 1/2 cup cider vinegar; 3 tablespoons sugar; 1 teaspoon pickling salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat the canola oil in a heavy skillet over medium heat. Crush the cumin seed with the coriander seed and add to the pan. Add the curry powder, ginger, and garlic to the pan. Cook these spices, stirring until the oil colors and the spices are fragrant. Add the cauliflower florets to the pan and toss to coat. In a lidded plastic container, combine the water, rice wine vinegar, cider vinegar, sugar, and pickling salt. Shake to combine. Once the cauliflower is slightly tender, add it to a glass jar. Pour the pickling liquid over the cauliflower, filling to the top of the jar. Cool, chill, and sto <END>
INPUT: sour, onion, garlic, vegetable oil, cumin seeds, allspice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sweet-and-Sour Sauerkraut | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 large onion, halved lengthwise and thinly sliced crosswise (2 cups); 2 large garlic cloves, finely chopped; 3 tablespoons vegetable oil; 1 teaspoon cumin seeds, toasted; 10 whole allspice, crushed; 1 (28-ounce) can whole tomatoes in juice; 1/2 cup packed dark brown sugar; 1 1/2 teaspoons salt; 1/4 teaspoon black pepper; 3 pound packaged sauerkraut, rinsed well and drained | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook onion and garlic in oil in a 3 1/2- to 4-quart heavy saucepan over moderately low heat, stirring occasionally (stir more frequently toward end of cooking), until golden brown, about 30 minutes. Increase heat to moderate, then add cumin and allspice and cook, stirring, 30 seconds. Add tomatoes (including juice), brown sugar, salt, and pepper and simmer, stirring occasionally and breaking up tomatoes, 10 minutes. Stir in sauerkraut and bring to a boil, then reduce heat and simmer, partially covered, stirring occasionally, until most of liquid is absorbed, about 30 minutes. Cook onion and ga <END>
INPUT: gravy, hot bulk sausage, mild bulk sausage, flour, milk, Salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Biscuits and Gravy | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 12 ounces hot bulk sausage; 12 ounces mild bulk sausage; 4 tablespoons flour; 1/2 gallon milk; Salt; Pepper; Biscuits, store bought or homemade | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large pot, add sausage and cook until browned and cooked through. Drain grease and add flour to sausage. Cook over medium-high heat until the sausage is well-coated with the flour. Add milk and stir until desired thickness and add salt and pepper, to taste. Serve with biscuits. This recipe was provided by professional chefs and has been scaled down from a bulk recipe provided by a restaurant. The FN chefs have not tested this recipe, in the proportions indicated, and therefore, we cannot make any representation as to the results. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, citrus, scallions, cilantro, garlic, lime zest, orange zest
OUTPUT: TITLE: Citrus-Marinated Chicken Thighs | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 bunch scallions, thinly sliced; 1/2 bunch cilantro, leaves and tender stems only; 2 garlic cloves, chopped; 1 teaspoon finely grated lime zest; 1 teaspoon finely grated orange zest; 1/4 cup fresh lime juice; 1/4 cup fresh orange juice; 1/4 cup reduced-sodium soy sauce; 2 tablespoons vegetable oil; 1 tablespoon kosher salt; 2 pounds skin-on, bone-in chicken thighs | INSTRUCTIONS: Set aside 1/4 cup sliced scallions. Pulse cilantro, garlic, citrus zests, citrus juices, soy sauce, oil, salt, and remaining scallions in a food processor or blender until a coarse purée forms. Set aside 1/4 cup marinade; place remaining marinade in a large resealable plastic bag. Add chicken, seal bag, and turn to coat. Chill at least 20 minutes. Preheat broiler. Remove chicken from marinade and place, skin side down, on a foil-lined broilerproof baking sheet; discard marinade. Broil chicken until lightly browned, about 5 minutes. Turn; continue to broil until cooked through and an instantrea <END>
INPUT: Italian, balls, kosher salt, water, mozzarella cheese curd
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fresh Mozzarella Balls | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons kosher salt; 4 cups water; 1 pound fresh mozzarella cheese curd* | INSTRUCTIONS: Add 2 tablespoons salt to 4 cups simmering water. Chop the cheese curd and add to a large bowl. Pour the simmering water over the chopped curds. Use 2 wooden spoons to push the curds together to make one ball. Move the ball around in the water for roughly 1 minute so it can become pliable. While wearing thick dishwashing gloves, remove the curd from the water and pull it into a long cord and fold it back onto itself. Do not overwork the cheese or it will become tough. Pinch off the mozzarella to create balls and tuck the end under each ball for a neat appearance. Place the mozzarella into a bo <END>
INPUT: date jam, water, butter pareve margarine, powdered ginger
OUTPUT: TITLE: Caramelized Green Olives | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2/3 cup date jam; 3 tablespoons water; 1 tablespoon butter or pareve margarine; Dash powdered ginger; 2 cups pitted, good-quality cured green olives (about 1 pound) | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Put the date jam, water, and butter or margarine in a small saucepan. Simmer just long enough to dissolve. Add the ginger. Spread the olives in a cake pan large enough to fit them in 1 layer. Sprinkle the olives with a few tablespoons of their own juice. Cover with the jam mixture mixture. Bake for about 40 minutes, stirring occasionally, until the sugar in the jam has caramelized. Serve warm or at room temperature as an accompaniment to a meat meal <END>
INPUT: Indian, bruschetta, coriander seeds, bags baskets cherry, virgin olive oil, garlic, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tomato-Coriander Bruschetta | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons whole coriander seeds; 2 12-ounce bags or baskets cherry tomatoes, stemmed; 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 2 garlic cloves, minced; 1/2 teaspoon dried crushed red pepper; 4 teaspoons chopped fresh marjoram; 1 sourdough baguette, cut crosswise into 1/2-inch-thick rounds | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 400°F. Stir coriander seeds in heavy small skillet over medium heat until aromatic, about 1 minute. Cool seeds 10 minutes. Place in plastic bag; crush coarsely with mallet. Combine tomatoes, olive oil, garlic, and crushed red pepper on rimmed baking sheet; toss to blend. Sprinkle generously with salt. Bake until tomatoes are golden brown and soft, about 15 minutes, then broil until brown in spots, about 2 minutes. Mix in coriander and marjoram. Cool topping on sheet 15 minutes. Arrange bread slices on baking sheet. Bake until just beginning to color, about 5 minutes. Mound toma <END>
INPUT: soup, olive oil, French bread, garlic, low salt chicken, fully smoked garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sausage and Garbanzo Bean Soup | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 tablespoons olive oil; 3 1/2-inch-thick French bread slices (each about 3 x 5 inches); 2 tablespoons minced garlic; 3 14 1/2-ounce cans low-salt chicken broth; 10 ounces fully cooked smoked garlic sausage (such as kielbasa or linguiça), thinly sliced into rounds; 1 cup drained canned garbanzo beans (chickpeas); 2 teaspoons paprika; 6 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley; 1 large egg, beaten to blend | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat 2 tablespoons oil in heavy large pot over low heat. Add bread. Cook until brown, about 2 minutes per side. Transfer bread to paper towels and cool. Cut into 1/2-inch croutons. Heat remaining 2 tablespoons oil in same pot over medium heat. Add garlic and stir 30 seconds. Add broth, sausage, garbanzo beans and paprika. Bring soup to simmer. Mix in parsley and egg; stir constantly to break egg into strands as it cooks. Season with salt and pepper. Ladle into bowls. Top with croutons. Heat 2 tablespoons oil in heavy large pot over low heat. Add bread. Cook until brown, about 2 minutes per sid <END>
INPUT: sweet onions Vidalia, tomato juice, water, unsalted butter, molasses
OUTPUT: TITLE: Molasses-Baked Onions | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 large sweet onions such as Vidalia, Walla Walla, or Oso Sweet (3 to 4 lb total); 1 1/2 cups tomato juice (12 fluid ounces); 1 1/2 cups water; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 2 tablespoons molasses (regular or robust; not blackstrap); 1/2 teaspoon salt, or to taste; 8 bacon slices (1/2 pound), halved crosswise | INSTRUCTIONS: Put oven rack in middle position and preheat oven to 400°F. Peel and trim onions, keeping root ends intact, then halve each lengthwise. Arrange, cut sides up, in 1 layer in a 13- by 9- by 2-inch glass baking dish or other 2 1/2-quart shallow baking dish. Bring tomato juice, water, butter, molasses, and salt to a boil in a 2-quart heavy saucepan, stirring occasionally, then pour over onions. Bake onions, uncovered, basting with juices every 30 minutes, until tender, about 2 hours. Lay 2 pieces of bacon side by side over each onion half and continue to bake onions, basting once with juices halfw <END>
INPUT: slices, unsalted butter, russet, coarse salt additional, crumbled rosemary
OUTPUT: TITLE: Rosemary Potato Slices | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 1/2 tablespoons of unsalted butter, melted; 2 russet (baking) potatoes (about 1 1/4 pounds), scrubbed; 1 teaspoon coarse salt plus additional if desired; 1/2 teaspoon crumbled dried rosemary | INSTRUCTIONS: Into an 8-inch baking pan pour half the butter, making sure it covers the entire bottom, and in the pan layer the potatoes, cut into 1/4-inch-thick slices, in separate rows, overlapping the slices. Sprinkle the potatoes with the salt, the rosemary, and pepper to taste, pour the remaining butter over them, and bake the potatoes in the middle of a preheated 425°F. oven, turning each row once with a long spatula, for 45 minutes to 1 hour, or until they are crisp and golden. Sprinkle the potatoes with the additional salt. Into an 8-inch baking pan pour half the butter, making sure it covers the en <END>
INPUT: cajun, kosher salt, seasoned salt, onion powder, garlic powder, paprika
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cajun Brisket | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons kosher salt; 1 tablespoon seasoned salt; 1 tablespoon onion powder; 1 tablespoon garlic powder; 1 tablespoon paprika; 1 tablespoon ground black pepper; 2 teaspoons cayenne pepper; 2 teaspoons lemon pepper; 1 teaspoon ground thyme; 1 teaspoon ground oregano; 2 tablespoons dark brown sugar; One 6- to 8-pound beef brisket; 4 stalks celery, chopped; 4 cloves garlic, chopped; 2 onions, sliced | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Combine the kosher salt, seasoned salt, onion powder, garlic powder, paprika, black pepper, cayenne, lemon pepper, thyme and oregano in a bowl. Stir in the brown sugar. Rub the brisket with the dry rub, wrap in plastic TIGHTLY and refrigerate overnight. When ready to cook, preheat the oven to 275 degrees F. Put the brisket in a baking pan. Top with the celery, garlic, onions and green peppers. Pour over the tomatoes and tomato paste and stir, then add the coffee. Cover with foil and bake until the meat is very tender and shreds easily, 6 to 8 hours. Remove the me <END>
INPUT: crusted, cakes, bread crumbs, Dijon mustard, lime zest, Kosher salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pistachio-Crusted Salmon Cakes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 1/2 cups cooked, shredded salmon; 1/2 cup fresh bread crumbs; 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard; 1 teaspoon freshly grated lime zest; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 large egg, beaten; 1 cup coarse-ground pistachio nuts; 3 tablespoons vegetable oil; Lime wedges, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: In a medium bowl, combine the salmon, bread crumbs, mustard, and zest and season with salt and pepper. Stir in egg until just combined. Form the salmon mixture into 8 to 10 cakes. Put the ground nuts on a plate. Gently press each side of the cake into the nuts. Refrigerate the cake for at least 30 minutes and up to 12 hours. Heat the oil in a large non-stick skillet over medium heat. Working in batches, cook the cakes, turning once, until well-browned and cooked through, about 2 1/2 minutes per side. Transfer the cakes to a paper towel-lined plate to drain. Divide the cakes among plates and se <END>
INPUT: American, lard, butter, flour, salt, water
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pecan Pie | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup lard; 2 tablespoons butter; 2 cups flour; 1 teaspoon salt; 4 tablespoons cold water; 1 cup corn syrup; 1 cup granulated sugar; 2 tablespoons butter, melted; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; 3 eggs; 1 1/2 cups chopped pecans; Whipped cream, chopped nuts and mint, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large bowl, place the lard and butter. Add the flour and salt and rub together with fingers to form small balls. Add the cold water, 1 tablespoon at a time, mixing the flour mixture in between each tablespoon. Only add enough water until dough comes together in one large ball. Spread some flour on a piece of waxed paper and place the dough on it. Sprinkle some more flour on top of the dough and proceed to roll out the dough until desired thickness, about 1/8-inch thick. Fold the dough over once to make a half moon and again to make it a quarter moon. Remove the dough from the waxed paper  <END>
INPUT: hearty, soup, olive oil, apples, Two butternut squash, garlic, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Hearty Butternut Squash Soup | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons olive oil; 3 apples, peeled, cored and roughly chopped; Two 3-pound butternut squash, peeled, seeded and roughly chopped; 1 clove garlic, chopped; 1 large yellow onion, chopped; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh sage; 1/2 teaspoon ground nutmeg; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 8 cups chicken stock; 1 cup heavy cream; 1/2 cup freshly grated Parmesan; 2 tablespoons butter | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. In a large stockpot or Dutch oven over medium-high heat, add the olive oil. Next, add the apples, squash, garlic and onions and saute until the vegetables begin to sweat and soften, about 5 minutes. Add the sage, ground nutmeg and salt and pepper to taste and continue to cook another 2 minutes. Add the stock, making sure that it covers the squash; if necessary, add a little water. Bring the soup to a boil and then reduce the heat to medium low. Simmer until the squash is very tender, about 30 minutes. Using an immersion blender, blend the soup until smooth. Stir  <END>
INPUT: mini, Yukon gold potatoes, Coarse salt, prosciutto bits, mascarpone creme fraiche, chives
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mini Baked Potatoes with Mascarpone and Prosciutto Bits | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 10 small Yukon gold potatoes; Coarse salt; 3 tablespoons plus 1 teaspoon prosciutto bits; 1/2 cup plus 2 tablespoons mascarpone or creme fraiche; 2 tablespoons plus 2 teaspoons chopped chives; 4 ounces prosciutto (Have the butcher grind it or chop it finely yourself. If finely chopping yourself, partially freeze it first.); 1 tablespoon olive oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Wash and dry the potatoes. Spread a 1/4-inch bed of salt in a baking dish and top with the potatoes. Prick the top of the potatoes. Bake for about 40 minutes, or until the potatoes are cooked throughout. Meanwhile, make the prosciutto bits. Place a small saute pan over medium-high heat. Place prosciutto in heated pan. Drizzle bits with olive oil, and cook, stirring. The prosciutto will give off steam for about 5 minutes while it releases its moisture. When the hiss of steam turns to a sizzle, turn the heat down to medium low and cook, stirring occasionally, u <END>
INPUT: Italian, risotto, olive oil, garlic, jalapeno, onions, chili powder
OUTPUT: TITLE: Black Bean Risotto | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons olive oil, divided; 3 cloves garlic, minced; 1 teaspoon chopped jalapeno; 1/2 cup chopped onions; 2 teaspoons chili powder; 2 teaspoons ground cumin; 1 teaspoon dried oregano; 1 bay leaf; 1/2 cup cooked black beans; 1/2 cup chopped plum tomatoes; 1 cup Arborio rice; 2 cups chicken stock, heated; Salt; Freshly ground black pepper; 1 tablespoon butter, cubed | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: RIZO Micom Rice Cooker and Warmer Add 1/2 the olive oil to a saute pan over medium heat. Add the garlic, jalapenos and onions and saute for about 3 to 4 minutes, do not brown. Add the chili powder, cumin, oregano, bay leaf, beans and tomatoes and cook for about 2 to 3 minutes until all ingredients are warm, then set aside. Add the other 1/2 of the olive oil to a sauce pot and saute the rice until warm, about 30 to 60 seconds. Transfer the rice to the inner cooking pan of the RIZO Micom Rice Cooker and Warmer and place inside the cooker. Pour the heated chicken stock over the <END>
INPUT: Mexican, chutney, onions, serrano chiles, lime juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Ginger-Cilantro Chutney | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 3 green onions, cut into 2-inch lengths; 2 small serrano chiles, stemmed; 1 (1 1/4-inch-long) piece peeled fresh ginger, thinly sliced; 2 cups (packed) cilantro (tough stems removed); 2 tablespoons fresh lime juice; 2 tablespoons water; 2 tablespoons plain whole-milk yogurt; 1/2 teaspoon sugar; 1/2 teaspoon salt | INSTRUCTIONS: With small processor running, add green onions, chiles, and ginger through feed tube; process until minced. Add cilantro, lime juice, and water. Process until smooth. Add yogurt, sugar, and salt; process. Transfer to bowl. Do ahead Can be made 1 day ahead. Cover; chill. With small processor running, add green onions, chiles, and ginger through feed tube; process until minced. Add cilantro, lime juice, and water. Process until smooth. Add yogurt, sugar, and salt; process. Transfer to bowl. Do ahead Can be made 1 day ahead. Cover; chill. <END>
INPUT: biscuits, skinned sweet potato, all purpose flour, baking powder, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sweet Potato Biscuits with Ham, Mustard, and Honey | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 3/4-pound red-skinned sweet potato (yam), peeled, cut into 1/2-inch cubes; 1 3/4 cups all purpose flour; 1 tablespoon (packed) dark brown sugar; 2 1/2 teaspoons baking powder; 1 teaspoon salt; 1/2 teaspoon baking soda; Pinch of cayenne pepper; 8 tablespoons (1 stick) chilled unsalted butter, cut into 1/2-inch cubes, plus 2 tablespoons butter, melted; 1/3 cup chilled buttermilk; Dijon mustard; 6 ounces thinly sliced country ham or Black Forest ham; Honey | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook sweet potato in medium saucepan of boiling salted water until tender, 8 to 10 minutes. Drain, cool, and mash. Position rack in lower third of oven; preheat to 425°F. Butter bottom and sides of 9-inch cake pan with 1 1/2-inch-high sides. Whisk flour and next 5 ingredients in large bowl. Add cubed butter to flour mixture; toss to coat and rub in with fingertips until mixture resembles coarse meal. Whisk 3/4 cup mashed sweet potatoes and buttermilk in medium bowl. Add to flour mixture; toss with fork. Gather mixture in bowl, kneading until dough comes together. Turn dough out onto floured wo <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, Four pork chops, crumbled feta cheese, spinach, kalamata olives, sun tomatoes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mediterranean Stuffed Pork Chops | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: Four 1 1/2- to 2-inch-thick pork chops, bone-in; 2 ounces crumbled feta cheese; 1/2 cup chopped frozen spinach (thawed and well drained); 2 tablespoons chopped kalamata olives; 2 tablespoons chopped sun-dried tomatoes; Canola oil; Salt and pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Special equipment: 4 wooden skewers, soaked to prevent burning Heat an outdoor grill or grill pan over medium heat. Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Carefully make a slit into the side of each pork chop using a chef's knife to create a pocket to stuff ingredients into. Mix together the feta, spinach, olives and sun-dried tomatoes in a medium bowl. Stuff each pork chop with the spinach mixture and rub each with 1/4 teaspoon salt and 1/4 teaspoon pepper. Secure each pork chop with a wooden skewer or toothpicks (remember to remove before serving). Brush oil on the <END>
INPUT: gravy, Neck giblets from, garlic, rosemary, low sodium chicken
OUTPUT: TITLE: Hard Cider Gravy | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 10 tablespoons (1 1/4 sticks) unsalted butter, divided; Neck and giblets from 1 turkey (optional); 8 garlic cloves, peeled, crushed; 4 sprigs rosemary; 4 cups low-sodium chicken broth; 1/2 cup all-purpose flour; 2 cups hard cider; 1/4—1/2 cup roast turkey pan drippings (optional); Kosher salt, freshly ground pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat 1 tablespoon butter in a medium saucepan over medium-high heat. Add turkey neck and giblets, if using, and cook, turning occasionally, until golden brown and browned bits form on bottom of saucepan, 5–8 minutes. Add garlic and rosemary, and cook, stirring, until fragrant, about 2 minutes. Add broth and bring to a boil; reduce heat and simmer until reduced to about 2 1/2 cups, 20–25 minutes. Strain stock through a fine-mesh sieve into a large measuring cup or medium bowl; discard solids. Cover and keep stock warm. Heat remaining 9 tablespoons butter in another medium saucepan over medium h <END>
INPUT: salad, string beans, virgin olive oil, garlic, baby regular arugula, lemon zest
OUTPUT: TITLE: String Bean & Arugula Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 pound green and/or yellow string beans, trimmed; 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 2 cloves garlic, peeled and pressed; 2 cups baby or regular arugula, trimmed and chopped; 1 teaspoon finely grated lemon zest; Salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat the grill to medium-high. In a large bowl, toss the string beans with the olive oil and garlic. Let the beans rest for 10 minutes or so, then place the beans on a large square of heavy-duty aluminum foil. Fold the foil over the beans and fold down the ends of the foil twice. Place the foil packet on the grill, seam side up, and grill for 25 to 30 minutes. Let the beans cool for a few minutes, then combine them in a roomy bowl with the arugula, lemon zest, and salt and pepper to taste, tossing until the arugula is wilted, 2 to 3 minutes. Heat the grill to medium-high. In a large bowl, toss <END>
INPUT: Mexican, olive oil, beef chuck, chili powder, cumin, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Easy Chili | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons olive oil; 2 lb ground beef chuck (not lean); 1 to 1 1/2 tablespoons chili powder; 1 teaspoon ground cumin; 1 teaspoon salt; 1/2 teaspoon black pepper; 1 tablespoon finely chopped garlic; 1 (1-lb) bag frozen onions and peppers such as Birds Eye Pepper Stir-Fry mix (4 cups); 2 (16-oz) jars roasted tomato salsa such as Frontera brand; 1 (15-oz) can red kidney beans, drained and rinsed (1 2/3 cups); Accompaniments: shredded Cheddar, sour cream, corn chips | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat oil in a deep 12-inch heavy skillet over high heat until very hot but not smoking, then cook beef, chili powder (to taste), cumin, salt, pepper, and garlic, stirring occasionally, until meat is no longer pink (some clumps will remain), about 2 minutes. Stir in onions and peppers and salsa and simmer, uncovered, stirring occasionally, 20 minutes. Stir in beans and simmer 2 minutes. Heat oil in a deep 12-inch heavy skillet over high heat until very hot but not smoking, then cook beef, chili powder (to taste), cumin, salt, pepper, and garlic, stirring occasionally, until meat is no longer pi <END>
INPUT: split, curried, bittersweet semisweet chocolate, cream coconut, dark rum, curry powder
OUTPUT: TITLE: Banana Split with Curried Chocolate-Coconut Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 ounces bittersweet or semisweet chocolate, chopped; 2 tablespoons (1/4 stick) unsalted butter; 1/4 cup canned sweetened cream of coconut (such as Coco López); 2 tablespoons dark rum; 2 teaspoons curry powder; 1 teaspoon finely grated lime peel; 3/4 cup chilled whipping cream; 1 tablespoon powdered sugar; 4 bananas, peeled, halved lengthwise; 1 quart vanilla ice cream; 1 cup 1/3- to 1/2-inch cubes peeled cored pineapple; Sweetened flaked coconut, toasted | INSTRUCTIONS: Stir chocolate and butter in medium saucepan over low heat until smooth. Whisk in next 4 ingredients. (Can be made 1 day ahead. Cover and chill.) Stir sauce over low heat until just warm. Whisk cream and powdered sugar in medium bowl to peaks; chill until ready to use. Arrange 2 banana halves in each of 4 long shallow dishes. Add 3 scoops ice cream to each dish. Spoon warm sauce over ice cream. Top with pineapple, whipped cream, and toasted coconut. Stir chocolate and butter in medium saucepan over low heat until smooth. Whisk in next 4 ingredients. (Can be made 1 day ahead. Cover and chill.)  <END>
INPUT: steaks, cauliflower, Kosher salt, Two unsweetened coconut, coriander seeds, pepper flakes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Broiled Cauliflower Steaks with Parsley and Lemon | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 large heads cauliflower (2 to 2 1/2 pounds each); Kosher salt; Two 13 1/2-ounce cans unsweetened coconut milk; 2 tablespoons coriander seeds, lightly crushed; 1 teaspoon red pepper flakes; 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard; 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar; 2/3 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 1 cup flat-leaf parsley leaves, chopped; Zest of 1 lemon; 2 medium cloves garlic, minced | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. For the cauliflower: Place the first head of cauliflower upright (stem-side down) on a flat surface. Using a large knife and imagining that you are creating two large steaks from each head of cauliflower, trim a little off each end so that when you split the cauliflower in half, each half will lie flat. Cut the cauliflower in half. You should yield two "steaks," each weighing about 14 to 15 ounces. Repeat with the other cauliflower. Bring 6 quarts of water to a rolling boil in a pot large enough to hold the cauliflower steaks. Add salt until the water tastes like <END>
INPUT: champvallon, lamb chops, fine sea salt, vegetable oil, unsalted butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lamb Chops Champvallon | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 12 lamb rib chops, well-trimmed of excess fat; 2 1/2 teaspoons fine sea salt; 1 tablespoon vegetable oil; 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, softened; 2 1/2 pounds (3 medium) Idaho or russet potatoes, peeled and sliced into 1/8-inch thick rounds; 1 cup julienned onion, rinsed in cold water; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh thyme; 2 teaspoons minced garlic; 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground pepper; 2 1/4 cups lamb or veal stock; 2 1/4 cups chicken stock | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Coat the inside of a flameproof (such as enameled cast iron) 9 1/2 by 12 by 4-inch baking dish with the butter. Season the lamb chops with 1/2 teaspoon of the salt. In a large skillet, heat the oil over high heat. In batches, cook the lamb chops, turning once, until browned on both sides, about 4 minutes. Set aside. In a large bowl, mix the potatoes, onion, thyme, garlic, pepper, and the remaining 2 teaspoons salt. Spread half of the potatoes in the dish. Arrange the lamb chops on top, then cover with the remaining potatoes. Pour the lamb stock and chicken st <END>
INPUT: water, pitcher size brew, Sugar Mixture, Lemon, Mint
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sweet Tea | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 quarts cold water; 4 pitcher-size cold brew tea bags; Sugar Mixture, recipe follows; Lemon slices, for garnish; Mint sprigs, for garnish; 1 cup water; 3/4 cup sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Bring the water to a boil. Remove from heat, pour into a pitcher, and steep the tea bags about 5 minutes. Mix the sugar mixture into the iced tea. Mix well. Pour the drink mix over ice cubes in a glass. Garnish with 2 slices of lemon and a sprig of mint. Bring 1 cup of water to a boil and add sugar. Stir to combine. <END>
INPUT: salad, citrus, radicchio, Belgian endive, arugula, grapefruit juice, orange juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Radicchio, Endive and Arugula Salad with a Citrus Vinaigrette | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 head radicchio; 2 heads Belgian endive; 1 large bunch arugula; 2 tablespoons grapefruit juice; 2 tablespoons orange juice; 1 teaspoon mustard; 1/3 cup extra virgin olive oil; Salt and pepper to taste | INSTRUCTIONS: Slice the head of radicchio into thin slices. Cut endive into rounds. Remove stems from arugula. Wash under cold water and spin dry. In a large bowl toss all the greens together. Season with salt and pepper. Drizzle with Citrus Vinaigrette (see recipe below). In a small bowl combine juices and mustard. Slowly drizzle in olive oil while whisking. Season with salt and pepper. Yield: about 1/2 cup dressing <END>
INPUT: sauce, heavy whipping cream, bittersweet chocolate, bourbon, Unsalted butter soufflé, Anjou pears
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pear Soufflés with Chocolate Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2/3 cup heavy whipping cream; 5 ounces bittersweet chocolate, chopped; 2 tablespoons bourbon; Unsalted butter for soufflé dishes plus 2 tablespoons, divided Sugar for soufflé dishes plus 8 tablespoons, divided; 5 ripe Anjou pears (about 2 1/2 pounds), peeled, cored, cut into 1/2-inch cubes (6 to 7 cups); 2 teaspoons fresh lemon juice; 3 large egg yolks, room temperature; 4 large egg whites, room temperature; Pinch of salt | INSTRUCTIONS: For sauce: Bring cream to simmer in small saucepan over medium heat. Remove from heat. Add chocolate and let stand until chocolate softens slightly, about 1 minute. Add bourbon and stir until chocolate is melted and sauce is smooth. DO AHEAD: Sauce can be made 1 day ahead. Cover and refrigerate. Bring cream to simmer in small saucepan over medium heat. Remove from heat. Add chocolate and let stand until chocolate softens slightly, about 1 minute. Add bourbon and stir until chocolate is melted and sauce is smooth. DO AHEAD: Sauce can be made 1 day ahead. Cover and refrigerate. For soufflés: Gen <END>
INPUT: water, heavy cream, grits, butter, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Zea Grits | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups water; 2 cups heavy cream; 1 cup yellow grits; 1/2 pound butter; 1 tablespoon salt; 1 ear grilled corn, kernels removed | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring liquids to a boil. Stir in grits. Add butter. Cook at simmer until thickened. At end, stir in corn. <END>
INPUT: herb, garlic, kosher salt, flat leaf parsley, round loaves crusty
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Herb Garlic Bread | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 sticks (1 cup) unsalted butter, cut into pieces; 4 garlic cloves, minced; 1 tablespoon kosher salt; 1/2 cup finely chopped fresh flat-leaf parsley; 2 large round loaves of crusty bread, halved horizontally | INSTRUCTIONS: Prepare grill for cooking. Heat butter with garlic and salt over moderate heat, stirring, until melted. Transfer to a bowl and cool. Stir in parsley and pepper to taste. Brush cut sides of bread with half of garlic butter. Grill bread, cut sides down, 5 to 6 inches over glowing coals 2 minutes. Turn bread over and brush with remaining garlic butter. Grill until golden brown, 2 to 3 minutes more. Prepare grill for cooking. Heat butter with garlic and salt over moderate heat, stirring, until melted. Transfer to a bowl and cool. Stir in parsley and pepper to taste. Brush cut sides of bread with h <END>
INPUT: Indian, chilled, soup, olive oil, leek, crookneck squash
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chilled Yellow Squash and Leek Soup With Coriander and Lemon Crème Fraîche | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon olive oil; 3/4 cup chopped leek (white and pale green parts only; about 1 medium); 1 teaspoon (scant) coriander seeds; 1 1/4pounds yellow crookneck squash, coarsely chopped; 1 (14-ounce) can vegetable broth; 1/4 cup crème fraîche or sour cream; 1/2 teaspoon finely grated lemon peel | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat oil in heavy large saucepan over medium heat. Add leek and coriander and cook until almost tender, stirring often, about 6 minutes. Add squash; sprinkle with salt and pepper and sauté until squash begins to soften, about 3 minutes. Add broth. Bring to boil, reduce heat to medium, and simmer uncovered until vegetables are soft, about 10 minutes. Working in batches, puree soup in blender until smooth. Transfer to bowl and chill uncovered until cold, about 3 hours. Season with salt. Whisk crème fraîche and grated lemon peel in small bowl. Divide soup among bowls, drizzle with lemon crème fra <END>
INPUT: russet, flat leafed parsley
OUTPUT: TITLE: Parsley Leaf Potatoes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 stick (6 tablespoons) unsalted butter, melted; 12 small russet (baking) potatoes (about 4 pounds); 24 fresh flat-leafed parsley leaves, washed and spun dry | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 450°F. Pour butter into 1 large or 2 small shallot baking pans and tilt to coat. Put potatoes, 1 at a time, on a work surface and halve horizontally. Put a parsley leaf on cut side of each potato half and season potatoes with salt. Put potatoes, cut sides down, in melted butter. Sprinkle potatoes with salt to taste and roast, cut sides down, 35 minutes, or until golden. (Potatoes may be kept warm, covered with foil, about 15 minutes.) Preheat oven to 450°F. Pour butter into 1 large or 2 small shallot baking pans and tilt to coat. Put potatoes, 1 at a time, on a work surface and <END>
INPUT: cuban, water, beans, ham hocks, oil, onions
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cuban Beans | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 cups water; 2 cups dried red beans; 2 ham hocks; 3 tablespoons oil; 2 white onions, diced; 6 garlic cloves, diced; 2 green bell peppers, diced; 2 tablespoons ground cumin; 2 tablespoons paprika; 2 tablespoons dried oregano; 2 tablespoons freshly ground black pepper; 2 tablespoons kosher salt | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large pot add water, beans and ham hocks. Boil for 45 minutes until tender. In a medium saucepan add oil, onions, garlic, peppers, cumin, paprika, oregano, pepper and saute until translucent, do not brown. When bean mixture has reduced by 1/2, add the onion saute mixture and the salt. Continue to reduce until water is level with bean mixture. Hold warm for service. <END>
INPUT: Asian, beef, shoulder steak, baking soda, garlic, egg, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sesame Beef with Asparagus | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 6 ounces shoulder steak, trimmed, frozen 30 minutes to 1 hour; 1/2 teaspoon baking soda; 3 large cloves garlic, crushed plus 2 tablespoons chopped; 1 egg white; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 1 tablespoon sesame seeds; 5 teaspoons sugar; 1 teaspoon peanut oil plus 4 cups, for deep-frying; 3/4 teaspoon cornstarch; 2 tablespoons thin soy sauce; 2 tablespoons Shao Hsing (Chinese rice wine) or dry sherry; 2 teaspoons Chinese dark vinegar* or balsamic vinegar; 2 teaspoons sesame oil; 1 teaspoon Chinese sesame paste*; 1/4 pound pencil-thin asparagus tips (4 inches) | INSTRUCTIONS: Slice steak into broad 1/8-inch thick strips, about 1 inch wide and 6 inches long. In a small bowl combine steak strips with baking soda, crushed garlic cloves and 1/4 cup cold water. Mix well and soak 5 hours. Rinse steak slices and dry well on paper towels. In a small bowl mix together egg white and salt, stirring vigorously until egg white foams. Stir in sesame seeds, 1 teaspoon sugar, 1 teaspoon peanut oil and cornstarch. Add steak and toss to coat. Marinate 1/2 hour at room temperature. In another small bowl, combine thin soy sauce, Shao Hsing, remaining 4 teaspoons sugar, vinegar, sesame <END>
INPUT: shots, vodka glasses, oysters, Sriacha sauce, shallots, lemon grass only
OUTPUT: TITLE: Oyster Shots | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 vodka glasses, chilled; 6 raw oysters, bluepoints, shucked; Sriacha sauce, to taste; 1 tablespoon minced shallots; 1 tablespoon finely minced lemon grass white part only; 6 ounces Absolut Citron Vodka | INSTRUCTIONS: In each of the vodka glasses add an oyster, sriacha sauce, some shallots and lemon grass. Top off with vodka. <END>
INPUT: polenta, milk, Kosher salt, cornmeal, butter, virgin olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Creamy Cheddar Polenta with Fresh Herbs | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup whole milk; Kosher salt; 1 cup cornmeal (1/2 cup medium grind, 1/2 cup fine grind); 3 tablespoons butter; 1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil; 1 cup shredded sharp white Cheddar; Freshly ground black pepper; Assorted finely chopped fresh herbs, such as thyme and rosemary, for topping | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring 2 cups of water, the milk and a very large pinch of salt to a boil in a medium saucepan. Reduce the heat so the liquid is at a low simmer, and add the cornmeal in a slow and steady stream, constantly whisking to prevent lumps. Cook the polenta at a low simmer, stirring occasionally, for 15 minutes; if the mixture gets too thick, add water 1/2 cup at a time. Remove from the heat, stir in the butter and olive oil and then stir in the Cheddar. Season with kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper. Serve immediately in mini cups, topped with chopped herbs <END>
INPUT: Mexican, twice, baking potatoes, beef, beans, taco seasoning, Mexican blend cheese
OUTPUT: TITLE: Taco Twice-Baked Potatoes | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 4 large baking potatoes, scrubbed well and dried; 8 ounces ground beef; 1/2 cup canned black beans, rinsed; 2 tablespoons taco seasoning; 1 cup shredded Mexican blend cheese; 1 cup sour cream; 1/2 cup prepared salsa; 1/4 cup finely diced red onions; 1 jalapeno, thinly sliced; Chopped fresh cilantro, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Wrap the potatoes in foil and bake until cooked through, 1 hour to 1 hour 15 minutes. In the meantime, in a large skillet over medium-high heat, brown the meat, about 5 minutes. Drain the liquid from the skillet. Add the black beans, taco seasoning and 1/2 cup water, bring to a simmer and simmer until the sauce is slightly thickened, about 10 minutes. Remove the potatoes from the oven and unwrap carefully. Cut a slit lengthwise down the center and spoon out a bit of the potato from the interior of each. Divide the beef and bean mixture among the potatoes, the <END>
INPUT: cupcake, sour cream, baking soda, salt, eggs, vanilla bean
OUTPUT: TITLE: Salted Caramel Cupcake | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2/3 cup sour cream; 2 teaspoon baking soda; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 2 eggs; 1 whole vanilla bean, split; 2 cups granulated sugar; 1 cup (8 ounces) salted butter, melted; 2 cups all-purpose flour; Caramel Buttercream Frosting, recipe follows; Course sea salt; Caramel sauce; Chopped cashews; Fondant elephant; 1 1/2 cups (12 ounces) unsalted butter, cubed and chilled; 4 ounces cream cheese, cubed and chilled | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (325 degrees F in a convection oven). Line cupcake pans with cupcake liners (24 regular size or 48 mini size). Using a standing mixer fitted with a paddle attachment, mix the sour cream, baking soda, salt and eggs until combined. Scrape out the insides of the vanilla bean. Add the vanilla and granulated sugar to the egg mixture. Mix until combined. In a small bowl, mix the melted butter with 1 cup water. With mixer set to a low speed, alternate adding the water and butter, with the flour. Scrape down the sides of the bowl and continue mixing until well combine <END>
INPUT: Mexican, chipotle, meatballs, pork, sweet Italian sausage, egg, scallions, Kosher salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chipotle Pork Meatballs | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 pound ground pork; 1/2 pound sweet Italian sausage, casings removed; 1 large egg, lightly beaten; 3 scallions, finely chopped; Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper; 1 1/2 cups finely crushed gingersnaps (about 20 cookies); 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1/2 large sweet onion, chopped; 3 cloves garlic, chopped; 1 poblano chile pepper, seeded and chopped; 2 tablespoons chili powder; 1 14-ounce can fire-roasted diced tomatoes; 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce; 1 1/2 teaspoons packed light brown sugar; 1 1/2 cups low-sodium chicken broth | INSTRUCTIONS: Mix the pork, sausage, egg, scallions, 1 teaspoon salt, 1/2 teaspoon pepper and about three-quarters of the crushed gingersnaps in a large bowl with a spoon or your hands until combined; refrigerate 1 hour. Dampen your hands and form the mixture into about 20 meatballs, 3/4 inch each. Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Add the olive oil to a large cast-iron skillet or Dutch oven and swirl to coat. Add the meatballs in a single layer and top with the onion, garlic and poblano. Sprinkle with the chili powder. Bake until the meatballs are firm and the vegetables start softening, about 8 minutes.  <END>
INPUT: Italian, mary, alice, onion, pickled pepperoncini peppers, iceberg lettuce, tomato, deli genoa salami
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mary Alice's Hoagie Dip | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 medium onion; 2 pickled pepperoncini peppers; 1/2 head iceberg lettuce; 1 large tomato, halved and seeded; 1/4 pound deli-sliced genoa salami; 1/4 pound deli-sliced ham; 1/4 pound deli-sliced prosciutto; 1/4 pound deli-sliced roast turkey; 1/4 pound deli-sliced provolone cheese; 1/2 cup mayonnaise; 1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil; 1 teaspoon dried oregano; 1 1/2 teaspoons dried basil; 1/4 teaspoon red pepper flakes; 1 10-to-12-inch round loaf Italian bread | INSTRUCTIONS: Chop the onion, pepperoncini, lettuce and tomato into bite-size pieces. Dice the meats and cheese. Combine the chopped vegetables, meats and cheese in a large bowl. Add the mayonnaise, olive oil, oregano, basil and red pepper flakes and stir until everything is all mixed up and tasty. Refrigerate until ready to serve. Carve out the center of the bread loaf to make a bowl (don't cut through the bottom) and cut the scraps into bite-size pieces. Serve the hoagie dip in the bread bowl, with the extra bread and hoagie rolls to scoop it up. Yummers! Photograph by Rick Lew <END>
INPUT: American, scallion, waffle, buttermilk, hot sauce, kosher salt, granulated garlic, granulated onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Crispy Chicken and Scallion Waffle Sandwich | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2/3 cup buttermilk; 1 1/2 teaspoons hot sauce; 1 1/2 teaspoons kosher salt; 1/2 teaspoon granulated garlic; 1/2 teaspoon granulated onion; 2 pounds boneless chicken tenders; Vegetable oil, for frying; 2 cups unbleached all-purpose flour; 2 teaspoons smoked paprika; Salt and freshly cracked black pepper; 3 cups panko breadcrumbs; 3 tablespoons ancho chile powder; 3 large eggs; 8 tablespoons (1 stick) salted butter, softened; 3 tablespoons maple syrup | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. For the chicken: In a small bowl, mix together the buttermilk, hot sauce, kosher salt, granulated garlic and granulated onion. Place the chicken into a re-sealable bag and pour the buttermilk marinade over the chicken. Marinate for at least 2 hours, or overnight, in the fridge. Preheat the oven to 200 degrees F and have 2 baking sheets with wire racks set inside. Preheat a waffle maker according to the manufacturer's instructions. In a large cast-iron skillet, bring an inch of oil to 350 degrees F. In a baking dish, add the flour and season it with the paprika an <END>
INPUT: cherry, martini, Chocolate covered maraschino, maraschino cherries, Ice
OUTPUT: TITLE: White Chocolate Cherry Martini | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Chocolate covered fresh or maraschino cherries, for serving, optional*; 4 ounces (1/2 cup) milk chocolate chips; Fresh or maraschino cherries; Ice; 2 ounces (1/4 cup or 4 tablespoons) premium white chocolate liqueur; 1 ounce (2 tablespoons) premium vanilla-flavored vodka; 1/2 ounce (1 tablespoon) premium maraschino liqueur; 1/2 ounce (1 tablespoon) premium Irish cream liqueur | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: Chilled martini glass To make optional garnish: Melt 4 ounces milk chocolate chips in microwave or in saucepan on low heat. Dip fresh cherries or maraschino cherries in melted chocolate and place on a plate. Allow to set up in the refrigerator 20 minutes. Combine the ice, white chocolate liqueur, vanilla-flavored vodka, maraschino liqueur, and Irish cream liqueur in a cocktail shaker and shake. Strain into a martini glass, and garnish with a chocolate-covered cherry, if using. <END>
INPUT: caramel, bars, all purpose flour, regular quick oats, sugar, baking powder
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate Butterscotch Caramel Bars | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Nonstick cooking spray, for spraying the pan; 1 1/2 cups all-purpose flour; 1 1/2 cups regular or quick oats; 1 cup packed brown sugar; 1 teaspoon baking powder; 1/4 teaspoon kosher salt; 1 3/4 sticks (14 tablespoons) cold salted butter, cut into pieces; Two 13.5-ounce cans dulce de leche (I used Nestle La Lechera); About 1 cup Spanish peanuts; About 1 cup butterscotch chips; About 1 cup mini chocolate chips | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line a 9-inch square baking pan with aluminum foil and spray with nonstick spray. Mix together the flour, oats, brown sugar, baking powder and salt in a bowl. Cut in the butter with a pastry cutter until the mixture resembles coarse crumbs. Sprinkle the mixture into the prepared pan and pat lightly to pack it slightly. Bake until light golden brown on top and done in the middle, watching to make sure it doesn't burn, 30 to 35 minutes. Allow to cool for 15 minutes. Spoon the dulce de leche into a microwave-safe bowl and microwave to just slightly soften it, ab <END>
INPUT: water, canola oil, hot Italian sausage
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sausage and Pepper Skewers with Grilled Polenta | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Nonstick cooking spray; 6 cups water; 1 (10-ounce) package quick cooking polenta; 5 tablespoons canola oil; 2 pounds hot Italian sausage; 1 red bell pepper; 2 green bell peppers; 1 large yellow onion; 1 tablespoon balsamic vinegar; 1 teaspoon Italian seasoning; 1 teaspoon spicy brown mustard; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 10 (10-inch) skewers | INSTRUCTIONS: Spray a 9 by 13-inch baking pan with nonstick cooking spray. Bring 6 cups of salted water to a boil over medium heat. Once boiling slowly whisk in the polenta, making sure to keep whisking until smooth and thick about 1 to 2 minutes. Pour the cooked polenta into the baking pan and smooth the top. Let cool until firm, about 20 minutes. Preheat a grill or grill pan over medium-high heat. When the polenta is cool, invert it onto a cutting board and slice it into 12 squares. Brush the squares with a little canola oil and grill until they are heated through and have nice grill marks, about 2 minute <END>
INPUT: cakes, flaked smoked trout, onion, capers, lemon peel, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Trout Cakes with Lemon | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cups flaked smoked trout; 2 tablespoons chopped green onion; 2 teaspoons coarsely chopped drained capers; 1/2 teaspoon grated lemon peel; 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground pepper; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 1 large egg, lightly beaten; 1/4 cup whipping cream; 1 cup panko bread crumbs (pulsed in blender for couple seconds), divided; 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, plus more as needed; 1 cup sour cream; 2 tablespoons grated fresh or prepared horseradish; 1/8 teaspoon paprika; 1/8 cup chopped chives; 1 clove garlic, minced | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine trout, onion, capers, lemon peel, pepper and salt in medium bowl. Stir in egg, cream and 1/2 cup bread crumbs to blend. Form mixture into 8 (1/2-inch thick) cakes. Place remaining bread crumbs in shallow dish then roll cakes in bread crumbs, coating completely. Heat 2 tablespoons oil in large skillet over medium heat. Working in batches cook fish cakes until golden brown about 3 minutes per side. Add more oil, as necessary, then serve with horseradish cream. In a medium serving bowl, combine sour cream, horseradish, paprika, chives, garlic, salt and pepper until blended. <END>
INPUT: gingersnap, sandwiches, milk, heavy, Zest stripped from, sugar, egg yolks
OUTPUT: TITLE: Gingersnap Lemon Ice Cream Sandwiches | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cups whole milk; 3 cups heavy (whipping) cream; Zest stripped from 2 lemons; 1 cup sugar; 6 large egg yolks; 1/4 teaspoon kosher salt; 2 teaspoons freshly squeezed lemon juice; 1 cup all-purpose flour; 1 teaspoon baking soda; 1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1 teaspoon ground ginger; 1/8 teaspoon ground white pepper; 1/4 teaspoon ground allspice; 1/4 teaspoon kosher salt; 4 ounces (8 tablespoons) unsalted butter, softened | INSTRUCTIONS: To make the ice cream: Combine the milk, cream, lemon zest and 1/2 cup of the sugar in a heavy saucepan. Cook, stirring frequently, over medium heat until almost simmering. In a bowl, whisk together the egg yolks, the remaining 1/2 cup sugar, and the salt in a bowl. Slowly pour the hot liquid into the egg mixture, whisking as you pour. Return the mixture to the saucepan. Cook, over medium-low heat, stirring constantly with a heat-resistant plastic or a wooden spatula, until the custard reaches 175°F and lightly coats the spatula. Strain the custard into a clean bowl and cool over an ice bath u <END>
INPUT: covered, centerpiece, yards vintage vintage, Colorful flowers gerbera, Fabric scissors
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fabric-Covered Vase Centerpiece | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 yards vintage or vintage-inspired fabric*; 12 (6- by 6-inch) clear glass vases**; 12 (1 3/4- by 1 3/4- by 8-inch) clear glass vases**; Colorful flowers such as gerbera daisies; Fabric scissors, glue gun, and glue sticks; *Yards of fabric vary by width. These measurements are based on a 45-inch-wide bolt of fabric. Vintage or vintage-inspired fabrics can be found at fle; **Hotchkiss recommends vases from Save-on-crafts, which offers both these sizes, but you can find similar styles at Crate & Barrel, Ikea, and Target | INSTRUCTIONS: Cut fabric into 1-yard and ½-yard sections. Cut 1-yard section into 12 (24- by 3-inch) strips. Place one 6-inch vase on your work surface so opening faces away from you. Arrange one fabric strip on side of vase that's face up, leaving 1½ inches of space from both top and bottom of vase. Using glue gun, dot two rows of glue sparingly onto side of vase that is face up; the rows should line up just below where top and bottom of fabric strip will be positioned. Use only as much glue as necessary, or it may show through fabric. Repeat with remaining three sides, wrapping fabric around and gluing ea <END>
INPUT: fish, beans, Kosher salt, tilapia fillets, pepper, all purpose flour
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken-Fried Fish | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 12 ounces green beans, trimmed; Kosher salt; 4 6-ounce tilapia fillets; Freshly ground pepper; 3/4 cup all-purpose flour; 1/4 teaspoon paprika, plus more for sprinkling; 2 large eggs; 1/4 cup vegetable oil; 1 1/4 cups low-sodium chicken broth; 1/4 cup whole milk; 2 tablespoons cream cheese; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh parsley | INSTRUCTIONS: Place the green beans in a microwave-safe dish. Add 1/4 cup water and 1/2 teaspoon salt, cover loosely with plastic wrap and microwave until tender, about 5 minutes. Meanwhile, sprinkle the fish all over with 1/2 teaspoon salt, and pepper to taste. Combine the flour and paprika in a shallow dish. Beat the eggs in another dish. Dip each fish fillet in the eggs, then dredge in the flour mixture, turning to coat. Reserve the flour mixture. Heat 3 tablespoons vegetable oil in a skillet over medium-high heat. Working in batches, fry the fish until cooked through, 3 to 4 minutes per side. Transfer t <END>
INPUT: Italian, four, pasta, Kosher salt, plum tomatoes, mezzi rigatoni, rosemary focaccia, parmesan cheese
OUTPUT: TITLE: Four-Cheese Baked Pasta with Sun-Dried Tomatoes | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: Kosher salt; 1 28-ounce can whole plum tomatoes, crushed by hand; 1 pound mezzi rigatoni; 4 ounces rosemary focaccia, toasted and cut into cubes (about 2 cups); 1/2 cup grated parmesan cheese (about 1 ounce); 1/2 cup chopped fresh parsley; 1/2 cup roughly chopped sun-dried tomatoes (not oil-packed); 1 pound part-skim mozzarella cheese, cubed; 1 1/2 cups grated asiago cheese (about 6 ounces); 8 ounces part-skim ricotta cheese; 1 head garlic; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, plus more for the baking dish; 1 onion, chopped; 1 bulb fennel, thinly sliced, plus 1 tablespoon chopped fennel fronds; 1/2 teaspoon red pepper flakes | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Halve the garlic crosswise to expose the cloves. Wrap the bottom half in foil and roast until very soft, about 20 minutes. Meanwhile, remove the skins from the top half and chop the garlic. Heat 2 tablespoons olive oil in a large Dutch oven or pot over medium heat. Add the onion and sliced fennel and cook, stirring occasionally, about 3 minutes. Add the chopped garlic and red pepper flakes and cook, stirring, until the garlic softens, about 2 more minutes. Add the tomato paste and 1 teaspoon salt. Cook, stirring, until the vegetables are tender, about 3 more  <END>
INPUT: berry, pilaf, olive oil, onion, salt, garlic, butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mushroom Wheat Berry Pilaf | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 teaspoons olive oil; 1 1/2 cups onion, chopped; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 5 cloves garlic, minced; 1 tablespoon butter; 1 pound mushrooms, sliced; 1 tablespoon soy sauce; 1/4 cup red wine; 1/4 cup chicken broth; 1 1/2 cups cooked wheat berries; 1 1/2 cups leftover, cooked rice; 1/2 teaspoon fresh thyme leaves, chopped; 1 teaspoon fresh rosemary leaves, chopped; 1 teaspoon lemon zest, finely chopped; Pepper and additional salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Heat olive oil in large saute pan over low heat. Add onions and salt and sweat until soft, about 10 minutes. Add garlic and continue cooking for 5 minutes. Add butter to pan and melt. Add mushrooms, and soy sauce, increase heat to medium and continue cooking for 5 to 10 minutes, until mushrooms release their liquid. Add wine and chicken broth and simmer 5 minutes, until wine begins to evaporate. Add wheat berries, rice, thyme, rosemary, and lemon rind to heat through. Adjust seasoning, to taste. <END>
INPUT: sliders, vegetable oil, Worcestershire sauce, chile powder, garlic, Juice lemon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Chicken Sliders | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup vegetable oil; 2 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce; 2 teaspoons chile powder; 3 cloves garlic, minced; Juice of 1 lemon; 1 onion, chopped; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 8 thin-cut chicken breasts, halved and flattened; 8 Cheddar slices, halved; 1 cup honey mustard; 1 cup pico de gallo; 8 cooked bacon slices, crumbled; 2 tomatoes, sliced; 1 red onion, sliced; 16 slider rolls | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. For the chicken and marinade: Mix up the oil, Worcestershire sauce, chile powder, garlic, lemon juice, onions and some salt and pepper in a bowl and pour into a resealable plastic bag. Add the chicken to the bag and marinate for at least 2 hours and up to 4. Twenty minutes before cooking, fire up the grill. For the sandwich bar fixins: Set out separate plates or bowls of the honey mustard, pico de gallo, crumbled bacon, tomatoes and red onions. Grill the breasts for 2 to 3 minutes on the first side, then turn. Lay half a slice of cheese on each breast and grill u <END>
INPUT: American, sandwich, bread, active yeast
OUTPUT: TITLE: Organic Whole Wheat Sandwich Bread with Oats and Pecans | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 teaspoon active dry yeast; 1/4 cup (2 ounces) very warm water (105 to 115 degrees F); 3 3/4 cups, or more if necessary (18 1/2 ounces) organic whole wheat flour; 2 3/4 cups (12 1/2 ounces) organic unbleached all-purpose flour; 2 cups (6 ounces) organic old-fashioned rolled oats; 2 tablespoons (3/4 ounce) Kosher salt; 1 1/2 cups (12 ounces) Sponge Starter; 2 1/2 cups (20 ounces) cool water ( 75 degrees F); 3 tablespoons (1 1/2 ounces) honey; 3 tablespoons (1 1/2 ounces ) molasses; 2 tablespoons (1 ounce) Canola oil (or other vegetable oil); 2 cups (8 ounces) pecan pieces, toasted; Additional rolled oats for topping; Two 9 by 5-inch loaf pans, oiled | INSTRUCTIONS: Place the yeast and warm water in a large bowl and stir with a fork to dissolve the yeast. Let stand for about 3 minutes. Whisk the whole wheat flour, unbleached flour, oats, and salt together in a medium bowl. Add the sponge starter, cool water, honey, molasses, and oil to the yeast mixture. Mix with your fingers for 1 to 2 minutes, just long enough to break up the sponge (the mixture should look milky and be slightly foamy). Add the flour mixture to the bowl and stir with your fingers to incorporate the flour, scraping the sides of the bowl and folding the dough over itself until it gathers  <END>
INPUT: mojito, shot, mint leaves, lime juice, pineapple juice, lime gelatin, pineapple gelatin
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pineapple Mojito Gelatin Shot | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 12 fresh mint leaves; 3 tablespoons fresh-squeezed lime juice; 3 tablespoons pineapple juice; 1 box lime gelatin; 1 box pineapple gelatin; 1 teaspoons sugar; 1 cup boiling water; 1/4 cup light rum | INSTRUCTIONS: 10 to 12 small plastic cups or shot glasses Bruise the mint leaves in the bottom of a cocktail shaker. Add the lime juice, pineapple juice and shake the 2 together. In a medium bowl combine the lime and pineapple gelatins, and the sugar. Stir in the boiling water and whisk until the sugar dissolves. Stir in the rum and pour into the plastic shot glasses. Refrigerate until set, about 3 hours. Enjoy! <END>
INPUT: Asian, pineapple, soy sauce, ketchup, light sugar, Chinese rice wine
OUTPUT: TITLE: Hoisin Five-Spice Pork Chops | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup chopped fresh pineapple; 1/2 cup soy sauce; 1/2 cup ketchup; 1/2 cup packed light brown sugar; 1/3 cup Chinese rice wine or dry sherry; 1/4 cup honey; 3 tablespoons hoisin sauce; 1 tablespoon Chinese five-spice powder; 1 2-inch piece ginger, sliced into thin rounds; 6 bone-in pork sirloin chops (1/2 inch thick; about 2 1/2 pounds total); Vegetable oil, for brushing | INSTRUCTIONS: Pulse the pineapple, soy sauce, ketchup, brown sugar, rice wine, honey, hoisin sauce and five-spice powder in a blender or food processor until smooth. Transfer to a medium saucepan and add the ginger. Bring to a simmer over medium heat, stirring occasionally, about 3 minutes. Transfer to a large bowl and let cool. Add the pork chops, turning to coat; cover and refrigerate at least 4 hours or overnight. Preheat a grill to medium high and lightly brush the grates with vegetable oil. Remove the pork chops from the marinade, letting the excess drip off; transfer to a baking sheet and let rest 15  <END>
INPUT: American, casserole, beans, Kosher salt pepper, shiitake mushroom, olive oil, unsalted butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Green Bean and Potato Casserole | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 4 cups 1-inch pieces green beans; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 4 ounces shiitake mushroom, sliced; 1 tablespoon olive oil; 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, plus more to grease the dish; 1 sweet yellow onion, sliced (2 heaping cups); 1/4 cup all-purpose flour; 4 cups mushroom broth; 8 ounces cream cheese; 1/2 cup heavy cream; 4 sprigs fresh thyme, leaves chopped; 3 cups Goat Cheese Smashed Potatoes, recipe follows; 4 ounces fried onions (1 1/2 cups); 2 pounds russet potatoes, peeled and cut into 1 1/2-inch pieces; 1 pound white yams, peeled and cut into 3-inch pieces | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Cook the green beans in heavily salted boiling water until just tender crisp, 2 to 3 minutes. Use a slotted spoon to transfer the beans to a salted ice bath. Once cooled, drain well and transfer to a large bowl. Toss the shiitakes with the olive oil, sprinkle with salt and pepper and spread on a baking sheet. Roast until golden brown, 8 to 10 minutes. Transfer to the bowl with the green beans. In a large 12-inch cast-iron skillet, melt the butter over medium heat. Add the onion and saute until soft, 6 to 8 minutes. Add the flour <END>
INPUT: Mexican, albondigas, pork, eggs, plain bread crumbs, garlic, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Albondigas in Chipotle Tomato Sauce | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2 1/2 pounds ground pork; 2 eggs; 1 cup plain bread crumbs; 1 1/2 tablespoons chopped garlic; 1 small onion, minced; 1 1/2 tablespoons chopped cilantro leaves; 1 tablespoon dried oregano; 1/2 tablespoon salt; 1 teaspoon black pepper; 1/4 teaspoon cayenne; 1/4 teaspoon ground allspice; 1/2 teaspoon ground coriander; Chipotle Tomato Sauce, recipe follows; 2 (28-ounce) cans tomato sauce; 1/2 cup canned chipotles in sauce (available in the International section of most supermarkets) | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. Place ground pork into a large mixing bowl, making sure to break meat into smaller pieces. Add the rest of the ingredients and mix by hand until all the ingredients are well blended. Don't overwork or the meatballs will be mealy. Form into 1-ounce balls, about 1 1/2 inches in diameter and place them closely together on a sheet pan. Place the pan into the top half of the oven and cook until the meatballs are just firm to the touch, about 10 minutes. Remove from pan and drop into the Chipotle Tomato Sauce. Simmer 5 minutes and serve. Put the tomato sauce, chipotles <END>
INPUT: martini, chocolate liqueur, vanilla vodka, Half Half, Chocolate syrup
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate Martini | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 oz. chocolate liqueur; 2 oz. vanilla vodka; Splash of Half and Half; Chocolate syrup | INSTRUCTIONS: Mix chocolate liqueur and vanilla vodka. Add a splash of Half and Half and shake over ice. Line a martini glass with chocolate syrup. Add mixture. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, crema, Mesquite chips, coriander seed, cumin seed, allspice berries, kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Hot-Smoked Salmon and Chipotle Crema | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: Mesquite chips; 1 tablespoon whole coriander seed; 2 teaspoons whole cumin seed; 1 teaspoon whole allspice berries; 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt; 1 pound center-cut salmon fillet, skin on; 1/4 cup creme fraiche; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro leaves; 3/4 teaspoon minced chipotle chiles in adobo sauce, or to taste; 1/2 teaspoon freshly-squeezed lime juice; 1/8 teaspoon kosher salt; For serving: Corn tortillas, black bread, or cucumber slices, as desired | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: Stovetop smoker Salmon: Soak wood chips in a large bowl of cold water for at least 30 minutes. Toast the whole spices in a small skillet over medium heat until aromatic, about 1 minute. Cool and grind in a spice mill or clean coffee grinder. Add the salt and set aside. Rub the salmon thoroughly with 3/4 teaspoon of the rub and let sit at room temperature for 30 minutes. (Save extra spice rub in a sealed container for up to 3 months.) Drain the chips and scatter in the bottom of the stovetop smoker. Heat the chips over medium-low heat until smoky, about 10 minutes. Cook the s <END>
INPUT: macaroons, coconut, condensed milk, pure vanilla extract, egg whites, kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Coconut Macaroons | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 14 ounces sweetened shredded coconut; 14 ounces sweetened condensed milk; 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract; 2 extra-large egg whites, at room temperature; 1/4 teaspoon kosher salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Combine the coconut, condensed milk, and vanilla in a large bowl. Whip the egg whites and salt on high speed in the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the whisk attachment until they make medium-firm peaks. Carefully fold the egg whites into the coconut mixture. Drop the batter onto sheet pans lined with parchment paper using either a 1 3/4-inch diameter ice cream scoop, or two teaspoons. Bake for 25 to 30 minutes, until golden brown. Cool and serve. <END>
INPUT: milk, water, golden sugar, envelopes yeast, unsulfured
OUTPUT: TITLE: Raisin Rye Bread | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups milk; 1/2 cup warm water (105°F. to 115°F.); 1/2 cup packed golden brown sugar; 2 envelopes dry yeast; 1/2 cup plus 1 tablespoon unsulfured (light) molasses; 1/2 cup vegetable oil; 2 teaspoons grated orange peel; 1 1/2 teaspoons salt; 2 1/2 cups rye flour*; 1/2 cup old-fashioned oats; 1 teaspoon caraway seeds, crushed; 1/2 teaspoon fennel seeds, crushed; 1/2 teaspoon aniseed, crushed; 5 cups (about) bread flour; 1 cup raisins | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring milk to simmer in small saucepan. Cool to between 105°F. and 115°F. Stir warm water and sugar in large bowl until sugar dissolves. Sprinkle yeast over. Let stand until foamy, about 8 minutes. Mix in milk, 1/2 cup molasses, oil, orange peel and salt. Add rye flour, oats, caraway seeds, fennel seeds and aniseed and stir until well blended. Stir in 2 cups bread flour. Cover and let rest 15 minutes. Gradually mix in enough remaining bread flour to form dough. Turn out dough onto floured surface. Knead until smooth and elastic, adding more flour if sticky, about 12 minutes. Knead in raisins.  <END>
INPUT: cookies, all purpose flour, salt, baking soda, butter, dark sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate Chip Quinoa Cookies | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cups all-purpose flour; 1 teaspoon salt; 3/4 teaspoon baking soda; 1 cup butter, at room temperature; 1/2 cup packed dark brown sugar; 1/2 cup granulated sugar; 2 eggs; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; 1 cup chocolate chips; 1 cup desiccated coconut, toasted; 1 cup cooked and cooled white quinoa; 1/2 cup coarsely chopped toasted walnuts | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: 4 sheet pans Parchment paper Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line 4 sheet pans with parchment paper. In a medium mixing bowl combine the flour with the salt and baking soda, and set aside. In the bowl of a standing mixer fitted with a paddle attachment, cream the butter with the dark brown and granulated sugars until light and fluffy. Add the eggs one at a time, beating well in between each addition, and then add the vanilla. Turn the mixer down to a low speed and add the flour mixture in two parts. When incorporated, stir in the chocolate chips, coconut, quinoa and walnu <END>
INPUT: American, fries, Idaho potatoes, Canola oil, salt, pepper, Nacho Cheese Sauce
OUTPUT: TITLE: Air Fries with Nacho Cheese | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 medium Idaho potatoes; Canola oil spray; 1 teaspoon salt; 1 teaspoon pepper; Nacho Cheese Sauce, recipe follows; 4 ounces reduced-fat pasteurized cheese (recommended: Velveeta Light), diced; 2 ounces jarred salsa | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 450 degrees F. Slice the potatoes into large matchsticks and lightly spray them with canola oil. Season with salt and pepper. Arrange potato slices on a wire rack and place rack on a half-sheet pan. Bake until golden brown, about 30 minutes. When fries are almost finished baking, make cheese sauce. Serve fries with cheese sauce for dipping. Dice cheese into equal-size cubes. Pour salsa into a microwave-safe bowl and add diced cubes. Microwave, covered, on high power for 2 minutes. Remove and stir. Microwave an additional minute if cheese is not fully melted. <END>
INPUT: soup, low sodium chicken, celery, carrots, Kosher salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken-Rice Soup | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 cups low-sodium chicken broth; 3 stalks celery, cut into 1/2-inch pieces; 5 carrots, cut into 1/2-inch pieces; 1 1/4 pounds skinless, boneless chicken breasts; Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper; 1/2 cup white rice; 1 tablespoon tomato paste; 3 plum tomatoes, finely chopped; 1 cup frozen peas; 1/3 cup heavy cream; 1/2 cup finely chopped fresh parsley; 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine the chicken broth, celery and all but 1/2 cup carrots in a large pot. Cover and bring to a simmer over medium-high heat. Reduce the heat to medium low and add the chicken, 3/4 teaspoon salt, and pepper to taste. Cover and gently simmer, flipping the chicken once, until just cooked through, about 18 minutes. Remove the chicken to a cutting board; let cool slightly. Reserve the broth. Meanwhile, combine 4 cups water, the rice, tomato paste, 1 chopped tomato and the remaining 1/2 cup chopped carrots in a saucepan. Cover and bring to a boil, then reduce the heat to low; simmer, covered, un <END>
INPUT: salad, Two meat tuna, celery, onion, flat leaf parsley, mayonnaise
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tuna Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Two 6-ounce cans white meat tuna packed in water, drained; 2 tablespoons minced celery; 2 tablespoons minced red onion, soaked in cold water for 5 minutes and drained; 1 teaspoon minced flat-leaf parsley; 1/3 cup prepared mayonnaise; 1 tablespoon whole-grain mustard; Freshly ground black pepper; Freshly squeezed lemon juice (optional) | INSTRUCTIONS: In a small mixing bowl break up the tuna with a fork. Toss with the celery, onion, and parsley. Add the mayonnaise, mustard and season with pepper, to taste. Stir to combine. Add lemon juice, to taste, if using. Cook's note: Substitute 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard for the whole-grain mustard and add 2 tablespoons sweet pickle relish Copyright 2001 Television Food Network, G.P. All rights reserved <END>
INPUT: Maldon sea salt, pepper, fennel leaves, coarse sea salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Whole Salt Baked Salmon | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 (eight-pound) whole wild salmon, such as Alaskan king, scaled and cleaned; Maldon sea salt; Freshly ground pepper; 1 bunch fennel leaves and stalks, washed; 10 to 12 pounds coarse sea salt (or kosher salt); Salsa Verde, recipe follows | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat oven to 450 degrees F. Season cavity of salmon with Maldon salt and pepper. Fill the cavity with the fennel leaves and stalks. Fill the bottom of a large roasting or baking pan with a 1/2-inch layer of salt. Place the fish on its side, on top of the salt. Pile the remaining sea salt over the fish, completely covering it by at least 1/2 inch all over. If the head and tail protrude from the pan, place a double layer of heavy-duty aluminum under tail and head to prevent salt from falling into your oven. Sprinkle 2 tablespoons water over the surface of the salt. Transfer roasting pan to oven, <END>
INPUT: chicken vegetable stock, virgin olive oil, shallots, watercress, fine sea salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Watercress Velouté | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups chicken or vegetable stock; 2 tbsp extra-virgin olive oil; 2 shallots, finely chopped; 2 bunches watercress, chopped (including tender stems); fine sea salt; freshly ground black pepper; 2 medium russet potatoes, peeled, thinly sliced; 2 tbsp unsalted butter; 1/3 cup crème fraîche; 2 tbsp finely chopped fresh chives | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring stock to a boil. Meanwhile, in a large saucepan, heat oil over medium heat. Add shallots and cook until soft, about 4 minutes. Add watercress and season with salt and pepper; stir to wilt. Add potatoes and hot stock, bring to a boil, and cook for 2 minutes. Reduce heat; simmer until potatoes are tender, about 8 minutes. Purée soup in a blender until smooth. Stir in butter until melted and season to taste with salt and pepper. Ladle soup into bowls and top each with a spoonful of crème fraîche and some chives. Serve immediately. Bring stock to a boil. Meanwhile, in a large saucepan, heat  <END>
INPUT: American, Pastry single crust, sugar, flour, cinnamon, nutmeg
OUTPUT: TITLE: Bean Pie | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: Pastry for a 9-inch single-crust pie, such as Barry Maiden's Butter/Shortening Piecrust; 1 cup sugar; 1 tablespoon flour; 1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1/2 teaspoon ground nutmeg; 1/2 cup evaporated milk or half-and-half; 1/4 cup butter, melted; 2 eggs; 1 tablespoon vanilla extract; 1 cup mashed, cooked navy beans | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line a 9-inch pie pan with crust, then crimp the edges decoratively. In a medium bowl, combine the sugar, flour, cinnamon, and nutmeg, and stir with a fork to mix well. Add the milk, butter, eggs, and vanilla, and stir to mix everything well. Add the mashed beans and use an electric mixer or a whisk to beat all the ingredients together well, making a thick, smooth filling. Pour the filling into the piecrust. Place the pie on the bottom shelf of the oven. Bake until the edges puff up and the center is fairly firm, wiggling only a little when you gently nudge the  <END>
INPUT: American, crab, casserole, herbed potato purée, provolone cheese, mozzarella cheese, leeks, olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Crab Casserole | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup herbed potato purée; 1 cup provolone cheese (shredded); 1 cup mozzarella cheese (shredded); 2 teaspoons green leeks (fried); 2 tablespoons olive oil; 4 tablespoons shallots (chopped); 1 tablespoon garlic cloves (chopped); 1/4 cup carrot (diced small); 1/4 cup celery (diced small); 1 cup yellow corn kernels; 4 tablespoons dry white wine; 2 cups lobster stock; 2 cups whipping cream; 6 teaspoons fresh parsley (finely chopped); To taste kosher salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat oil in a large saute pan on medium heat. Sweat shallots, garlic, carrot, celery and yellow corn in oil until tender; do not brown. Add white wine and reduce to almost dry, followed by lobster stock and whipping cream. Reduce by half to a slightly thick consistency. Remove from heat. Fold in chopped parsley; season with salt and pepper. Add crabmeat and mix together. In 6 ungreased small individual baking casseroles, pipe a small layer of potato puree on bottom. Divide the stuffing equally among casseroles on top of potatoes. Cover with shredded cheeses. Bake in 350 degrees F (175 degrees  <END>
INPUT: Asian, balls, leeks, vegetable oil, eggs, matzoh meal, salt, chicken stock low
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lemongrass Consommé with Matzoh Balls, Leeks, and Shiitake Mushrooms | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 4 tablespoons vegetable oil; 4 large eggs; 1 cup matzoh meal; 2 teaspoons salt; 4 quarts chicken stock or low-sodium chicken broth; 1 large leek (white and pale green parts only); 1/2 pound shiitake mushrooms, stems discarded and caps thinly sliced; Lemongrass Consommé , warm; 1/4 cup fresh Italian parsley, chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: Make matzoh balls In large bowl, whisk together oil and eggs. Stir in matzoh meal and salt until well blended. Stir in 1/4 cup stock. Cover batter and refrigerate until cold and firm, at least 20 minutes and up to 1 day. Line large baking sheet with plastic wrap or parchment paper. Using wet hands, very gently shape batter into about 16 balls, each about 2 inches in diameter. Arrange on prepared sheet. In large stock pot over high heat, bring remaining stock to boil. Gently drop balls into stock, return to boil, then reduce heat to low, cover, and simmer until balls are tender and cooked throu <END>
INPUT: American, All butter pastry, sour cream, solid pack pumpkin, eggs, dark sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sour Cream Pumpkin Pie | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: All-butter pastry dough; 1 1/2 cups sour cream (not reduced-fat); 1 1/2 cups canned solid-pack pumpkin (13 oz); 3 large eggs, separated; 1 cup packed dark brown sugar; 3/4 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1/4 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg; 1/4 teaspoon ground ginger; 1/4 teaspoon salt; Special equipment: pie weights or raw rice; an instant-read thermometer; Accompaniment: lightly sweetened whipped cream | INSTRUCTIONS: Roll out pastry dough on a lightly floured surface with a lightly floured rolling pin into a 13-inch round and fit into a 9-inch glass or metal pie plate. Trim excess dough, leaving a 1/2-inch overhang, then fold overhang under pastry and press against rim of pie plate to reinforce edge. Decoratively crimp edge and chill shell until firm, about 30 minutes. While shell chills, put oven rack in middle position and preheat oven to 375°F. Lightly prick bottom and side of chilled pie shell all over with a fork. Line shell with foil and fill with pie weights. Bake until pastry is pale golden along r <END>
INPUT: pound, jumbo sized eggs, buttermilk, butter, cake flour, Granny Smith apple
OUTPUT: TITLE: Apple Pound Cake | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 5 jumbo-sized eggs, separated; 1 cup buttermilk; 4 sticks butter, plus 1 tablespoon, for pan; 3 cups cake flour, plus 2 tablespoons, for pan; 1 Granny Smith apple, peeled, cored and diced into 1/8-inch pieces; 1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1 teaspoon lemon juice; 2 1/2 cups sugar, divided; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; 1 teaspoon lemon extract; 3 teaspoons baking powder; Special equipment: 10-inch Bundt cake pan | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat oven to 325 degrees F. Let the eggs, milk and butter come to room temperature on the counter before beginning. (Butter goes on the counter last.) Butter the Bundt pan with 1 tablespoon of butter, then add 2 tablespoons of flour and shake and tap to coat the interior of the pan; set aside. Put the diced apples in a bowl with the cinnamon and lemon juice. In a large bowl or stand mixer add the butter and 2 cups of sugar and beat until smooth. Add the egg yolks, 1 at a time, and blend to completely incorporate before adding the next. The mixture will become  <END>
INPUT: dinner, chicken, garlic, Salt, Pepper, tarragon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Baked Chicken Dinner | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 whole chicken, 4 pounds, washed and patted dry; 2 cloves garlic; Salt; Pepper; Fresh herbs: tarragon, rosemary or thyme; 6 tablespoons butter; 1 onion, peeled and halved; 3 parsnips, peeled and chopped into 3-inch pieces; 3 carrots, peeled and chopped into 3-inch pieces; 3 potatoes, quartered; 2 tablespoons olive oil; Splash white wine; 1 cup chicken stock; Chopped fresh herbs; Salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 425 degrees. Remove giblet bag from chicken's cavity. Season cavity well with salt and pepper. Chop up garlic with salt and herbs. Mash garlic mixture with butter. Slide butter mixture under breast skin of chicken and next to legs. Stuff cavity with onion and whole herbs. Place chicken into roasting pan. Roast for 30 minutes at 425 and then reduce heat to 375. In a large bowl, toss vegetables with olive oil and add to roasting pan. Roast chicken for another 40 minutes. Occasionally baste chicken with pan juices. To check chicken for doneness, prick leg with knife and press to s <END>
INPUT: mangoes, Basic Mayonnaise, Honey, egg yolks, Champagne vinegar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mango Mayonnaise | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 ripe mangoes, peeled, pitted and cut into 1/2-inch pieces; 1/2 cup Basic Mayonnaise, recipe follows; Honey, optional; 3 large egg yolks*; 2 tablespoons Champagne vinegar; 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard; 1 lemon, juiced; 2 dashes hot pepper sauce; Fine sea salt; 2 to 2 1/2 cups vegetable oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Puree mango in a blender or food processor until very smooth. Strain puree through a fine sieve into a medium bowl. Add mayonnaise; stir to combine. Depending on ripeness of the mangoes, a small amount of honey may be added. Keep refrigerated, in an airtight container, for up to 1 week. In a blender, combine egg yolks, vinegar, mustard, lemon juice, hot pepper sauce, and a pinch of salt. Blend until thoroughly combined. With blender running, add 2 cups vegetable oil in a slow, steady stream. Add enough of the remaining oil to achieve a thick creamy consistency. Mayonnaise will keep, refrigerat <END>
INPUT: Asian, soup, wide, Boiling water, homemade turkey stock, shallots, rounds ginger
OUTPUT: TITLE: Asian Turkey-Noodle Soup with Ginger and Chiles | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 3 1/2 ounces medium-wide (linguine-width) rice noodles,* broken into 6-inch lengths; Boiling water; 6 cups homemade turkey stock or low-salt chicken broth; 1/2 cup thinly sliced shallots (about 3 large); 6 1/8-inch-thick rounds peeled fresh ginger; 2 tablespoons fish sauce (nam pla or nuoc nam)* or soy sauce; 2 cups diced cooked turkey meat (about 10 ounces); Fresh bean sprouts; Fresh mint leaves; Thinly sliced serrano chiles; Lime wedges | INSTRUCTIONS: Place noodles in large bowl. Add enough boiling water to cover noodles. Let stand until noodles are soft, about 5 minutes; drain. Combine stock, shallots, ginger, and fish sauce in large pot. Bring to boil. Reduce heat to low, cover partially, and simmer 10 minutes. Discard ginger slices. Return stock to boil. Stir in noodles and turkey; simmer until turkey is heated through, about 3 minutes. Ladle soup into bowls. Serve, allowing diners to top each serving with bean sprouts, mint leaves, chiles, and lime wedges to squeeze over. Place noodles in large bowl. Add enough boiling water to cover no <END>
INPUT: black, pomegranate molasses, horseradish, dijon mustard, Kosher salt pepper, turkey
OUTPUT: TITLE: Black Pepper-Pomegranate Molasses Glazed Turkey | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cups pomegranate molasses; 3/4 cup prepared horseradish, drained; 3 tablespoons dijon mustard; Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper; 1 15-pound fresh turkey; 1 stick unsalted butter, softened; Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper; 4 cups homemade chicken stock or low-sodium canned broth, warmed | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F. Make the glaze: Whisk the pomegranate molasses, horseradish, mustard, 1/2 teaspoon salt and 1 1/2 teaspoons pepper in a medium bowl. Let it sit at room temperature to allow the flavors to meld. Meanwhile, prepare the turkey: Remove the neck and giblets, then rinse the bird inside and out with cold water and pat dry. Rub the entire surface of the bird with the butter and season well (including inside the cavity) with salt and pepper. Truss the turkey with kitchen twine and place it breast-side up on a rack in a large roasting pan. Roast until slightly golden b <END>
INPUT: honey, Dijon mustard
OUTPUT: TITLE: Honey Ham with Mandarin Oranges | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 (4-pound) fully cooked, boneless ham; 1/2 cup honey; 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard; 1/4 teaspoon ground cloves; 1 (11-ounce) can Mandarin oranges in light syrup | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 325 degrees F. If ham has skin, peel it away using a sharp knife and discard, leaving a thin (1/8-inch) layer of fat on the surface. Score remaining fat with a sharp knife by cutting diagonal lines, about 1/8-inch deep, from 1 side to the other, criss-crossing cuts to form diamond shapes on the surface. Transfer ham to a foil-lined roasting pan and set aside. Whisk together honey, mustard and cloves. Brush mixture all over ham. Pour the Mandarin oranges with liquid from can over the ham. Bake 1 hour (14 minutes per pound), basting every 15 minutes with pan juices. Let stand 10  <END>
INPUT: galette, kale, garlic, salt, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Potato and Kale Galette | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 lb kale, tough stems and center ribs discarded; 1 stick (1/2 cup) butter, 6 of the tablespoons melted and cooled; 4 garlic cloves, finely chopped; 3/4 teaspoon salt; 3/4 teaspoon black pepper; 2 lb russet (baking) potatoes (4 medium); Special equipment: a 12-inch heavy nonstick skillet; an adjustable-blade slicer | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook kale in a 4- to 6-quart pot of boiling salted water, uncovered, until just tender, 4 to 6 minutes. Drain in a colander and rinse under cold water to stop cooking. Drain well, squeezing handfuls of kale to extract excess moisture, then coarsely chop. Heat 2 tablespoons (unmelted) butter in skillet over moderately high heat until foam subsides, then add garlic and cook, stirring occasionally, until golden, about 1 minute. Add kale, 1/4 teaspoon salt, and 1/4 teaspoon pepper and sauté, stirring, until kale is tender, about 4 minutes. Transfer to a bowl and clean skillet. Peel potatoes and th <END>
INPUT: Asian, brined, szechwan peppercorns, peppercorns, star anise, water, kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Asian Brined Pork Loin with Gingered Yams and Five Spice Apples | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 tablespoon szechwan peppercorns; 1 tablespoon black peppercorns; 2 star anise; 32 ounces water (4 cups); 1/3 cup kosher salt; 1/3 cup sugar; 1 tablespoon dark soy sauce; 4 large slices ginger; 2 bay leaves; 1 pork loin, cleaned (about 3 to 4 pounds); Black pepper to taste; Garnish: 1/4 cup chive batons; 2 tablespoons chile oil; Gingered Yams, recipe follows; Five Spice Apples, recipe follows | INSTRUCTIONS: Toast both peppercorns and anise until fragrant in a saute pan. Mix everything together and taste. The liquid should be tasty, but not overly salty. Place pork in brine overnight. After brining, thoroughly rinse pork in cold water. Season the pork with black pepper and saute in well oiled pan. Color both sides then place in a 375 degree oven for 15 to 20 minutes. The middle of the pork should get hot. Note: even when fully cooked, the meat will remain pink because of the brining process. Let loin rest for 10 minutes then slice. Place pork around a mound of yams. Garnish with apples, chive bato <END>
INPUT: American, cottage, celery, carrot, onion, garlic, unsalted butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Turkey Cottage Pie | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup finely chopped celery; 1 cup finely chopped carrot; 1 cup finely chopped onion; 2 teaspoons minced garlic; 3 tablespoons unsalted butter; 3 tablespoons flour; 1 cup turkey gravy; 1 cup chicken stock or broth; 2 1/2 cups bite-sized cooked turkey pieces; 1/2 cup cooked peas; 1/2 cup cooked carrots; 1/2 cup cooked pearl onions; Salt and Pepper; 2 cups turkey stuffing; Melted unsalted butter, as needed | INSTRUCTIONS: In a saucepan sweat the celery, carrot, onion and garlic in the butter, covered with a buttered round of waxed paper and the lid, over moderately low heat for 5 minutes. Add the flour and cook the mixture over moderate heat, stirring, for 3 minutes. Add the gravy, stock or broth and cook over moderate heat, stirring, for 5 minutes. Add the turkey, peas, carrots, pearl onions, salt and pepper to taste, and bring the mixture to a simmer. Transfer the mixture to a flameproof 1 1/2-quart baking dish, and with a spatula spread the stuffing over it. Drizzle the stuffing with some melted butter. Bake <END>
INPUT: chipchos, ruffled potato chips, mozzarella, pizza sauce, bell pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pizza Chipchos | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 10 cups ruffled potato chips; 1 1/2 cups shredded mozzarella; 1/2 cup pizza sauce; 1/2 green bell pepper, diced; 1/2 red bell pepper, diced; 1/4 cup diced red onion; 15 slices pepperoni, quartered; Pinch red pepper flakes | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the broiler. Place one-third of the potato chips in a baking dish. Layer one-third of the mozzarella, pizza sauce, green peppers, red peppers, red onions, pepperoni and a pinch of red pepper flakes evenly over the top. Add half of the remaining chips in another layer on top, and then evenly layer half of the remaining cheese, sauce, vegetables and pepperoni. Finish with the remaining chips followed by the remaining ingredients. Broil just until the cheese melts. Serve warm. <END>
INPUT: American, oven, vegetable oil, pork chops, onion, water
OUTPUT: TITLE: Oven Bbq Pork Chops | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon vegetable oil; 8 pork chops; 1 small onion, chopped; 2 tablespoons vegetable oil; 1/2 cup water; 3 tablespoons vinegar; 1 cup chili sauce; 2 tablespoons brown sugar; 1/4 teaspoon dry mustard; 2 to 3 drops hot pepper sauce | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. In a large skillet over medium high heat heat 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, add pork chops and brown them on both sides. Place in a casserole. In a bowl mix together chopped onion, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, water, vinegar, chili sauce, brown sugar, dry mustard, hot pepper sauce, pour mixture over chops. Cover and roast for 40 minutes. Uncover casserole and roast for 20 minutes more <END>
INPUT: heavy cream, milk, sugar, pure vanilla extract, Kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Homemade Cookies-and-Cream Ice Cream | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 cups heavy cream; 1 cup whole milk; 3/4 cup sugar; 1 tablespoon pure vanilla extract; Kosher salt; 5 large egg yolks; 4 ounces chocolate wafer cookies, such as Famous Chocolate Wafers (about 20) | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: An ice cream maker and a candy- or instant-read thermometer Whisk the cream, milk, sugar, vanilla and 1/2 teaspoon salt in a medium saucepan and bring to a simmer over medium heat. Beat the egg yolks in a medium bowl. Slowly whisk 1 cup of the hot cream mixture into the beaten yolks, then pour back into the saucepan, whisking, and return to medium heat. Cook, stirring constantly with a wooden spoon, until the mixture thickens, coats the spoon and reaches 180 degrees F on a thermometer, 6 to 8 minutes. Remove from the heat and strain the custard through a fine-mesh sieve into <END>
INPUT: barbecued, California beans, onions, celery leaves, bell pepper, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Barbecued Baked Beans | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound California small white beans; 1/2 cup onions, finely chopped; 1/2 cup celery with leaves, finely chopped; 1/4 cup green bell pepper, chopped; 1 tablespoon garlic, minced; 3 tablespoons olive oil; 1 16-ounce can tomato sauce or 6 large fresh tomatoes chopped and stewed for 1hour; 1/4 cup dark brown sugar; 1/4 cup thick molasses; 1 tablespoon dry mustard; 3 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce; 1/2 teaspoon ground cloves; chicken, veal, or pork stock (optional); 2 bay leaves; 1 teaspoon salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Wash beans, place in large pot and cover with cool water, boil for 5 minutes,and remove from heat; let sit for 1 hour with tight lid. In cast-iron skillet, sauté onions, celery, bell pepper, and garlic in olive oil on a high flame for 4 minutes or until onion is translucent. Add tomato sauce, sugar, molasses, mustard, Worcestershire sauce, and cloves, and simmer for 30 minutes. Pour off water from beans and replace with 3 1/2 cups (approximately) fresh cool water or meat stock. Add bay leaves, salt, pepper, and thyme. Let simmer, covered, until beans are tender. Sauté bacon cubes; drain. Drain <END>
INPUT: skillet, olive oil, garlic, corn kernels, Damn Hot Peppers, unsalted butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Skillet-Fried Corn and Tomatoes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1 tablespoon minced garlic; 4 cups corn kernels, from about 5 ears corn; 2 cups Damn Hot Peppers alla padella, recipe follows; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1/4 cup thinly sliced fresh chives; Sea salt, preferably gray salt, and freshly ground black pepper; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1 pound green bell peppers, halved, seeded and cut into pieces that are 1-inch; 2 jalapenos, cut into 1/8-inch slices; 2 teaspoons gray salt, and more if needed; 1 cup fresh tomato puree (peel, seed and puree one pound ripe tomatoes in a food processor) | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat a large skillet over high heat. Add the olive oil, then the garlic. Saute until the garlic is lightly browned. Add the chiles and saute briefly to release their character. Add the corn and cook briskly, stirring often, until partially cooked, about 3 minutes. Add the damn hot peppers then simmer, stirring, until the corn is just tender, about 2 minutes. Remove from the heat, whisk in the butter, and stir in the chives. Season with salt and pepper. Transfer to a serving bowl and serve immediately. In a non-reactive saucepan, heat the oil. When the oil is hot add the bell peppers, jalapenos <END>
INPUT: Mexican, chilaquiles, plum tomatoes, jalapeno pepper, onion, garlic, vegetable oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken Chilaquiles With Fried Eggs | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 6 plum tomatoes, halved lengthwise; 1 jalapeno pepper, halved lengthwise (remove seeds for less heat); 1 white onion, quartered; 2 cloves garlic, unpeeled; 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, plus more for frying; 12 corn tortillas, each cut into 8 wedges; Kosher salt; 1 tablespoon sesame seeds; 1/2 teaspoon dried oregano; 3 tablespoons ancho chile powder; 1 bunch cilantro, stems and leaves separated; 1 rotisserie chicken, skin removed, meat shredded; 1 cup low-sodium chicken broth; 6 large eggs; 1/2 cup grated cotija cheese 6 radishes, thinly sliced | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the broiler. Place the tomatoes and jalapeno cut-side down on a foil-lined broiler pan. Add the onion and garlic and broil until blackened, 7 to 10 minutes. Peel the garlic. Meanwhile, heat about 1/2 inch vegetable oil in a deep saucepan over medium-high heat until a deep-fry thermometer registers 350 degrees F. Fry the tortillas in batches until light brown, about 1 minute. Remove with a slotted spoon and drain on paper towels; season lightly with salt while still hot. Heat 1 tablespoon vegetable oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Add the sesame seeds and toast until golden <END>
INPUT: Italian, salad, Dijon mustard, Sherry, wine vinegar, virgin olive oil, mâche
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mâche, Parmesan, Pear, and Walnut Salad | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard; 1 tablespoon dry Sherry; 1 tablespoon red wine vinegar; 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 8 cups mâche (lamb's lettuce) or mixed baby greens (about 4 ounces); 1 cup fresh Parmesan shavings (about 2 ounces); 1 large firm Bosc pear, peeled, halved, cored, cut crosswise into thin slices (about 8 ounces); 1/3 cup walnuts, toasted (about 1 1/2 ounces); 1 shallot, peeled, thinly sliced | INSTRUCTIONS: Whisk mustard, Sherry, and red wine vinegar in medium bowl to blend. Gradually add oil, whisking until well blended. Season dressing with salt and pepper. Toss mâche, Parmesan, pear, walnuts, and shallot in large bowl to combine. Toss with enough dressing to coat. Divide among plates and serve. Whisk mustard, Sherry, and red wine vinegar in medium bowl to blend. Gradually add oil, whisking until well blended. Season dressing with salt and pepper. Toss mâche, Parmesan, pear, walnuts, and shallot in large bowl to combine. Toss with enough dressing to coat. Divide among plates and serve. <END>
INPUT: American, lattice, caramel, kosher salt, vanilla extract
OUTPUT: TITLE: Peach Lattice Pie With Bourbon Caramel | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups (400 g) granulated sugar; 3/4 cup (170 g) unsalted butter; 1 1/4 cups (295 g) heavy cream, at room temperature; 1 teaspoon kosher salt; 3 teaspoons vanilla extract; 2 tablespoons bourbon; 1 recipe Magpie Dough for Flaky Piecrust, chilled overnight; 2 pounds (907 g) ripe peaches, each peeled, halved, pitted, and cut into 8 wedges; 1/2 cup (96 g) packed light brown sugar; 1 tablespoon vanilla extract; 1 tablespoon freshly squeezed lemon juice; 1/2 cup (96 g) granulated sugar; 3 tablespoons finely ground instant tapioca (ground using a spice grinder); 1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1/8 teaspoon fine salt | INSTRUCTIONS: To make the Bourbon Caramel Sauce: Pour the sugar into a medium high-sided saucepan, tilting the pan to distribute the sugar evenly across the bottom of the pan. Set the pan over medium-high heat. Use a rubber spatula to occasionally push the sugar from the outer edge of the pan toward the center. The sugar will clump up slightly, but just keep pushing it around a bit; it will eventually smooth out. When the sugar is dissolved and darkened to the color of a copper penny (about 5 to 7 minutes), add the butter and whisk until incorporated. Be careful: the mixture will bubble up when you add the  <END>
INPUT: American, nacho, elbow macaroni, bottled chunky salsa, all purpose flour
OUTPUT: TITLE: Nacho Macaroni and Cheese | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups small elbow macaroni; 1/2 cup bottled thick and chunky salsa verde (medium heat); 1 cup (packed) fresh cilantro leaves; 3 cups (packed) coarsely grated sharp cheddar cheese (12 ounces), divided; 4 teaspoons all purpose flour; 1 cup whole milk; 3/4 cup heavy whipping cream; 1/4 teaspoon (scant) ground cloves; 1 cup large corn chips | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 425°F. Cook macaroni in large saucepan of boiling salted water until tender but still firm to bite, stirring occasionally, about 6 minutes. Drain. Meanwhile, blend salsa and cilantro in processor. Toss 2 cups cheese and flour in medium bowl to coat. Bring milk, cream, and cloves to simmer in large saucepan over medium-high heat. Add cheese mixture. Whisk until sauce is smooth, about 1 minute. Mix in macaroni; season with pepper. Spread half of macaroni mixture in 11 x 7-inch baking dish. Drop half of salsa mixture over in dollops. Sprinkle with 1/2 cup cheese. Top with remainin <END>
INPUT: tart, unsweetened cocoa powder, sugar, kosher salt, all purpose flour
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate-on-Chocolate Tart with Maple Almonds | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons unsweetened cocoa powder; 2 tablespoons sugar; 3/4 teaspoon kosher salt; 1 1/4 cups all-purpose flour, plus more for rolling; 1/2 cup (1 stick) chilled unsalted butter, cut into pieces; 1 large egg yolk; 1/2 cup raw almonds; 1/2 cup maple sugar or (packed) brown sugar; 1 tablespoon pure maple syrup; 1/4 teaspoons kosher salt; 10 ounces bittersweet chocolate (at least 70% cacao), chopped; 1/4 cup (1/2 stick) unsalted butter, cut into pieces; 1 1/2 cups heavy cream; 3 tablespoons honey; 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt | INSTRUCTIONS: For crust: Pulse cocoa powder, sugar, salt, and 1 1/4 cups flour in a food processor to combine. Add butter; pulse until mixture resembles coarse meal. Beat egg yolk and 3 tablespoons ice water in a small bowl; add to flour mixture and pulse until dough just comes together. Form into a 3/4"-thick disk, wrap tightly in plastic, and chill until firm, at least 2 hours. Preheat oven to 350°F. Roll out dough on a lightly floured surface to a 12" round. Transfer to tart pan; lift up edges and let dough slump down into pan, then gently press into edge of pan. Trim dough, leaving about a 1" overhang.  <END>
INPUT: salad, baby spinach, mandarin oranges, onions, orange marmalade, wine vinegar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Baby Spinach Salad with Mandarin Orange and Red Onions | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 8 ounces baby spinach, about 5 to 6 cups; 1 cup mandarin oranges, drained; 1/2 cup chopped red onions; 1 tablespoon orange marmalade; 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar; 1/3 cup extra-virgin olive oil, eyeball the amount; Salt and pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Arrange spinach leaves on a large platter or individual salad plates. Top with mandarin sections and chopped red onion. Whisk together marmalade and vinegar. Stream oil into dressing while continuing to whisk. When you are ready to serve, pour the dressing over salad and season with salt and pepper. <END>
INPUT: Asian, tartare, gaufrettes, ahi tuna, onions, ginger, wasabi paste, sesame oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tuna Tartare on Fried Potato Gaufrettes | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 pound ahi tuna, small dice; 1/2 cup minced green onions; 1 teaspoon minced fresh ginger; 1 teaspoon wasabi paste; 1/2 teaspoon sesame oil; 1/4 cup soy sauce; Lime juice or yuzu; 1 pound potato, waffle sliced on a mandolin; Cooking oil, for deep frying; Salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat a deep pot of oil or a deep fryer to 325 degrees F. In a bowl, combine the tuna, green onions, ginger, wasabi, sesame oil, soy sauce and lime juice, and mix until well blended. Taste and adjust seasoning with lime juice or soy sauce. Set bowl over ice. Deep-fry the potato gaufrettes until crisp and golden. Drain onto a paper towel lined plate and season with salt. Place a spoonful of the tuna tartare on one end of each potato gaufrette. Repeat process until you have enough to arrange on a serving platter. Serve immediately. <END>
INPUT: reuben, Pastrami Dogs, salted butter, Rye Split Top, gruyere, Island Dressing
OUTPUT: TITLE: Reuben Dog | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 Pastrami Dogs, recipe follows; 6 tablespoons salted butter; 6 Rye Split Top Hot Dog Buns, recipe follows; 6 ounces gruyere, sliced or shredded; 3/4 cup 1000 Island Dressing, recipe follows; 3 cups Celebration Slaw, recipe follows; 3 pounds beef short rib meat or chuck, cut into 1/2-inch cubes (at least 20-percent fat content); Ice, for placing in a bowl; 1 1/4 cups ice water; 1 1/2 tablespoons kosher salt; 1 tablespoon powdered dextrose, or 2 teaspoons fine sugar; 1 tablespoon ground pickling spice; 1 tablespoon light brown sugar; 1 1/4 teaspoons pink salt, such as InstaCure or Prague Powder 1, used for red color, or 2 tablespoons kosher salt; 1 1/2 tablespoons crushed garlic | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: meat grinder with large and small grinding palette and chilled paddle attachment; 6 feet of hog casing or 12 feet sheep of casing, rinsed and soaked in room temperature water; butcher's twine, for tying the dogs Preheat a flattop griddle or barbeque grill to medium heat. Cook the Pastrami Dogs on the griddle or grill until the skin becomes very taught and slightly charred, without splitting. If the juice spills out, so does the fun. Spread the salted butter on each side of the Rye Split Top Hot Dog Buns evenly. Split the buns slightly, keeping the bottom intact. Divide the g <END>
INPUT: Asian, canola oil vegetable, fish sauce, sugar, shallot, oyster sauce
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Lemongrass Chicken | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup plus 1 tablespoon canola oil or vegetable oil; 5 tablespoons fish sauce (such as nuoc nam or nam pla),* divided; 2 tablespoons sugar, divided; 2 tablespoons chopped shallot; 2 tablespoons oyster sauce*; 2 fresh lemongrass stalks,** tough outer leaves removed, 4 inches of thick end finely chopped; 1 teaspoon chili-garlic sauce*; 1 garlic clove, chopped; 1/2 teaspoon ground black pepper; 1 3-pound chicken, quartered; 1/2 cup water; 1 tablespoon fresh lime juice | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350°F. Whisk 1/4 cup oil, 3 tablespoons fish sauce, 1 tablespoon sugar, and next 6 ingredients in large bowl. Add chicken; turn to coat. Marinate at room temperature 1 hour. Heat remaining 1 tablespoon oil in 12-inch ovenproof skillet over medium-high heat. Add chicken, skin side down, to skillet (reserve marinade in bowl). Cook 4 minutes. Turn chicken, add reserved marinade to skillet, and transfer to oven. Roast until thermometer inserted into thickest part of thigh registers 175°F, about 25 minutes. Transfer chicken to plate. Add 1/2 cup water, lime juice, remaining 2 tables <END>
INPUT: Vegetable oil, peaches, creme fraiche, molasses
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Peaches with Creme Fraiche and Molasses | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Vegetable oil, for brushing; 8 peaches, halved and pitted; 8 ounces creme fraiche; 1/4 cup molasses | INSTRUCTIONS: Brush peaches with oil and place on the grill, cut-side down. Grill until golden brown, about 1 1/2 minutes. Turn the peaches over and grill another 45 seconds. Remove the peaches to a plate and place a tablespoon of creme fraiche in the indentation of each peach. Drizzle with the molasses. <END>
INPUT: salad, carrots, water, tarragon vinegar wine, sugar, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pickled Carrots and Romaine Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 pound carrots; 1/4 cup water; 3 tablespoons tarragon vinegar or white-wine vinegar; 3 tablespoons sugar; 1 teaspoon salt; 4 large romaine leaves; 1 teaspoon olive oil; 1/4 teaspoon celery seeds | INSTRUCTIONS: With a sharp knife diagonally cut carrots into scant 1/8-inch-thick slices and cut slices lengthwise into julienne strips. In a bowl stir together water, vinegar, sugar and salt until sugar is dissolved. Add carrot and marinate 5 minutes. Drain carrot in a sieve, discarding marinade. Cut romaine crosswise into 1/4-inch-wide strips and in a bowl toss with carrot, oil, celery seeds, and salt and pepper to taste. <END>
INPUT: fondue, bitter chocolate, butter, water
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate Fondue | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 8 ounces extra bitter chocolate; 3 ounces butter, softened; 1/3 cup water | INSTRUCTIONS: Form mini scoops of ice cream in your favorite flavors, placing the scoops on a cookie sheet. Insert small wooden skewers into the scoops Place in the freezer. Have ready chopped nuts, toasted coconut or any of your favorite ice cream garnishes. Melt chocolate over double boiler, whisk in softened butter. Pour water in all at once, whisk. Pour into fondue pot, place over sterno. Remove ice cream from freezer, dip in fondue, roll in garnishes. ENJOY!!! <END>
INPUT: shrimp, soft, anchovies, garlic, lime juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Stuffed and Fried Shrimp with Pepper Jelly | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 12 pieces of raw shrimp, tail off, 16 to 20 count; 1 cup soft, white bread crumbs; 2 tablespoons chopped anchovies; 1 teaspoon chopped garlic; 2 tablespoons lime juice; 1/2 teaspoon black pepper; 3 tablespoons softened butter; 1 cup rice flour; 1/2 to 1 cup water; Salt and pepper; 1/2 cup white wine; 1/2 cup sherry vinegar; 2 tablespoons hot sauce; 2 tablespoons shallots, finely minced; 1/2 cup hot pepper jelly | INSTRUCTIONS: Peel, devein, and butterfly the shrimp. Mix all other ingredients thoroughly and taste for seasoning. Divide into 12 and stuff the back of each shrimp. Close shrimp and let chill for 30 minutes. Preheat frying oil in a deep figur or Dutch oven to 350 degrees. Whisk together rice flour, water, salt, and pepper. Dip each shrimp into batter, letting excess drip off. Lower into frying oil and cook for about 2 minutes. Remove from oil, drain, and serve with pepper jelly sauce. HOT PEPPER JELLY SAUCE: Place wine, vinegar, hot sauce, and shallots in a small pot and bring to a boil. Reduce heat and si <END>
INPUT: Asian, kimchi, kosher salt, brussels sprouts, onion, scallions, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Brussels Sprout Kimchi | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 3.5 ounces plus .7 ounces kosher salt; 1 1/2 pounds small brussels sprouts, trimmed, halved; 1/2 small onion, coarsely chopped; 2 scallions, sliced; 4 garlic cloves; 1/4 cup gochugaru (coarse Korean red pepper powder); 2 tablespoons fish sauce (such as nam pla or nuoc nam); 2 tablespoons Sriracha; 1 tablespoon grated peeled ginger; 1 tablespoon soy sauce; 2 teaspoons coriander seeds, crushed; 2 teaspoons fennel seeds, crushed; Ingredient info: Gochugaru can be found at Korean markets | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine 3.5 ounces salt and 2 quarts warm water in a large bowl, whisking to dissolve salt. Add brussels sprouts and top with a plate to keep brussels sprouts submerged. Let sit at room temperature 4 hours; drain. Rinse, drain, and place in a large bowl. Pulse onion, scallions, garlic, gochugaru, fish sauce, Sriracha, ginger, soy sauce, and coriander and fennel seeds in a food processor until smooth. Add to bowl with brussels sprouts and toss. Transfer to two 32-ounce canning jars, packing down to eliminate air gaps. Combine remaining .7 ounce salt and 1 quart warm water in a large bowl, whisk <END>
INPUT: bahamian, canola oil, garlic, Spanish onion, sweet pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Bahamian Steamed Conch | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons canola oil; 2 cloves garlic, minced; 1 large Spanish onion, sliced; 1 medium green sweet pepper, sliced; 1 medium red sweet pepper, sliced; 3 tablespoons tomato paste; 4 medium plum tomatoes, chopped; 3 sprigs fresh thyme; 5 pounds conch meat (tenderized with a mallet, steamed and cut into large chunks), liquid reserved; 1 red chile pepper, chopped; Salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat oil in a saute pan. Add garlic and onions and saute until onions are fragrant. Add the sweet peppers to the pan and saute for about 2 minutes. Stir in the tomato paste, tomatoes, and the thyme. Add the conch and the reserved liquid. Add chile pepper and season, to taste. Allow to simmer until conch is tender and sauce is slightly thickened. Serve over white rice. Note: This recipe was provided by professional chefs and has been scaled down from a bulk recipe provided by a restaurant. The FN chefs have not tested this recipe, in the proportions indicated, and therefore, we cannot make any  <END>
INPUT: cheesecake, vegetable oil, fine graham cracker, sugar, powdered gelatin
OUTPUT: TITLE: Greek Yogurt Cheesecake with Pomegranate Syrup | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Nonstick vegetable oil spray; 1 1/2 cups fine graham cracker crumbs; 1/2 cup (1 stick) unsalted butter, melted, cooled slightly; 1/4 cup sugar; 2 teaspoons powdered gelatin; 1 1/2 pounds cream cheese, room temperature; 1 1/2 cups plain whole-milk Greek yogurt; 3/4 cup sugar; 2 teaspoons fresh lemon juice; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt; 2 cups flash-pasteurized pomegranate juice; 1/2 cup sugar; 2 tablespoons light corn syrup; Pomegranate seeds | INSTRUCTIONS: For crust: Coat bottom and sides of pan with nonstick spray. Line bottom with a parchment-paper round. Using your fingertips, mix remaining ingredients in a medium bowl until mixture holds together when pinched tightly. Pack onto bottom of pan in an even layer (using the bottom of a flat measuring cup works well). Chill until firm, at least 1 hour or up to 1 day. Coat bottom and sides of pan with nonstick spray. Line bottom with a parchment-paper round. Using your fingertips, mix remaining ingredients in a medium bowl until mixture holds together when pinched tightly. Pack onto bottom of pan i <END>
INPUT: star anise, cinnamon, coriander seeds, wine vinegar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spicy Melon and Serrano Ham | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 5 whole cloves; 2 star anise; 1 cinnamon stick; 1 teaspoon coriander seeds; 1 cup white wine vinegar; 1 cup water; 1/2 cup white sugar; 3 pieces lemon rind; 1/4 seedless watermelon, peeled and cubed; 1/2 cantaloupe, peeled and cubed; 8 thin slices Serrano ham; 1 cup mixed good olives, preferably Manzanillas, Kalamatas or green garlic; Olive oil, for drizzling; Dash coarse or kosher salt | INSTRUCTIONS: In a medium saucepan, combine the cloves, star anise, cinnamon stick, coriander seeds, vinegar, water, sugar, and lemon rind. Set the pan over medium heat, and simmer for 3 minutes. Cut the watermelon and cantaloupe into large cubes, and drop them into the pickling liquid. Let the melon pickle for about 1 minute to allow the exotic flavors to infuse the flesh lightly. To serve: Lay 2 slices of ham in the center of a serving plate and top with a nice mound of the pickled melons. Scatter some olives around the portion, drizzle with the olive oil, and a dash of coarse salt. Repeat with the remain <END>
INPUT: vegetable oil, shallot, eggs, plum tomato, butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Baked Eggs | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 teaspoon vegetable oil; 1 small shallot, thinly sliced; 8 fresh eggs, at room temperature; 1 plum tomato, seeded and finely diced; 1 tablespoon butter; 1/3 cup 35-percent whipping cream; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1/2 bunch fresh chives, finely sliced; 4 slices toast | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Divide the vegetable oil and shallots evenly among 4 oven-proof wide-mouthed ramekins. Gently crack 2 eggs per ramekin. Divide the tomato, butter, and cream evenly among the ramekins. Season with salt, and pepper, and put in the oven for approximately 8 to 10 minutes, until eggs whites have set. Carefully, remove the ramekins from the oven and garnish with fresh sliced chives and serve immediately with toast. <END>
INPUT: Asian, soy sauce, orange marmalade, sweet rice wine, pepper flakes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sesame Chicken | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 3 boneless, skinless chicken breast halves, nearly thawed; 2 tablespoons soy sauce; 2 tablespoons orange marmalade; 1 tablespoon sweet rice cooking wine (aji mirin), or white wine; 1/2 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes; 1/2 cup flour; 2 tablespoons sesame seeds; 3 tablespoons butter, melted; Rice, for serving | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Line a large baking sheet with parchment paper or foil. Cut the chicken breasts into 1-inch cubes (easiest when not completely thawed). In a medium bowl, mix together the soy sauce, orange marmalade, wine, and crushed red pepper flakes. Toss in the chicken cubes and marinate for at least 10 minutes and up to 8 hours in the refrigerator. In another bowl or plastic bag, mix together the flour and sesame seeds. Drain the chicken cubes and blot any excess liquid, and then toss in the flour to coat lightly. Spread the chicken cubes on the prepared baking sheet and <END>
INPUT: mexican, coffee vanilla ice, flaky corn cereal, cinnamon, Honey
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mexican "Fried" Ice Cream | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pint coffee or vanilla ice cream, softened in microwave on defrost 30 seconds; 2 cups flaky corn cereal (recommended: Corn Flakes); 2 teaspoons ground cinnamon; Honey, for drizzling | INSTRUCTIONS: Scoop out ice cream into small bowls. Crush corn cereal in your hands (or in a re-sealable plastic bag) and top the ice cream. Sprinkle with cinnamon and drizzle with honey. <END>
INPUT: American, barbecue sauce, kidney beans, beans, chili seasoning mix, light sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Barbecue Bean Chili Dogs | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup barbecue sauce; 1 15-ounce can kidney beans, drained and rinsed; 1 15-ounce can black beans, drained and rinsed; 2 tablespoons chili seasoning mix; 1 tablespoon packed light brown sugar; 1 tablespoon yellow mustard; Vegetable oil, for brushing; 8 all-beef hot dogs; 8 hot dog buns; 1/2 medium white onion, chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: Make the chili: In a large saucepan over medium-low heat, stir together the barbecue sauce, kidney beans, black beans, chili seasoning, brown sugar and mustard. Bring to a boil, then reduce the heat and simmer for 10 to 12 minutes, stirring occasionally. Meanwhile, make the hot dogs: Set up a grill or preheat a grill pan over medium heat. When ready to start cooking, brush the grates with vegetable oil. Place the hot dogs on the hot oiled grill and cook, turning occasionally, for 10 minutes or until heated through. Toast the buns on the grill, if desired. Put the hot dogs in the buns and top w <END>
INPUT: pure olive oil, garlic, branch rosemary, lemon, Irish whiskey
OUTPUT: TITLE: Irish Rack of Lamb | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon pure olive oil; 1 teaspoon minced garlic; 1 small branch rosemary; 1/4 lemon, cut into a wedge; 2 ounces Irish whiskey; 1 pinch kosher salt; 1 pinch cracked black pepper; 3 ounces demi-glace (reduction of red wine, vegetables, and veal bones); 1 ounce brown gravy; 1 tablespoon butter; 1 (6-chop) rack of lamb | INSTRUCTIONS: To make Irish Whiskey Rack Sauce, combine the oil, garlic, rosemary, and lemon in a frying pan. Heat on high flame (do not brown garlic). Pull pan away from flame. Add whiskey, return to flame, and add salt and pepper. Add the demi-glace and brown gravy. Let reduce and add the butter in slowly, off the heat to thicken the sauce. Keep warm. Clean rack thoroughly (remove all silver skin). Season lightly with salt and pepper. Place sizzle pan upside down on the grill. Put lamb, meat-side-down next to the sizzle pan with the bones resting on the pan. This will keep the bones from burning. Make the <END>
INPUT: fool, unflavored gelatin, milk, egg, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mango Fool | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/4 teaspoons unflavored gelatin (less than 1 envelope); 1 cup whole milk; 1 large egg; 1/2 cup sugar; 1 (30-oz) can Alphonso mango slices in syrup*, drained; 1 1/2 tablespoons fresh lime juice; 1 cup chilled heavy cream | INSTRUCTIONS: Sprinkle gelatin over 3 tablespoons milk in a small bowl and let soften while making custard. Bring remaining milk just to a boil in a small heavy saucepan, then remove from heat. Whisk together egg and 1/4 cup sugar until combined well, then add hot milk in a slow stream, whisking. Pour custard into pan and cook over moderately low heat, stirring constantly with a wooden spoon, until an instant-read thermometer registers 170°F and custard coats back of spoon (do not boil), about 2 minutes. Stir in gelatin mixture and cook over low heat, stirring, until dissolved, about 1 minute (do not boil). <END>
INPUT: Indian, vegetable coconut oil, cinnamon, cardamom pods, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Coconut Chicken Fry | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons vegetable or coconut oil; 1 cinnamon stick; 6 green cardamom pods, whole*; 6 cloves, whole; 1 onion, finely sliced; 12 curry leaves*; 3 to 4 whole green chiles; 1 (1 1/2-inch) piece fresh ginger, cut into thin strips; 6 cloves garlic, finely chopped; 1 1/2-pounds chicken pieces (drumsticks and thighs), skin removed; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 teaspoons garam masala; Boiling water; 6 1/2-ounces freshly grated coconut; 1 to 1 1/2 teaspoons fresh lemon juice | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat the oil in a large pan over a medium heat. Add the cinnamon, cardamom pods, and cloves, and fry for 20 to 30 seconds, or until the spices are fragrant. Add the onion, and fry for 3 to 4 minutes, or until golden brown. Add the curry leaves, chiles, ginger, and garlic, and reduce the heat and cook for 2 to 3 minutes, or until the garlic has softened. Add the chicken pieces, and stir fry for 3 to 4 minutes. Season the chicken, with salt, and freshly ground black pepper. Add the garam masala and enough boiling water to reach halfway up the chicken pieces. Bring the mixture to a boil, cover th <END>
INPUT: Mexican, crusted, coriander seed, cumin seeds, kosher salt, Olive oil, Chickpea Salad
OUTPUT: TITLE: Coriander Crusted Grilled Sea Scallops with Chickpea Salad, Red Pepper Vinaigrette and Cilantro Oil | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup coriander seed (toasted and ground); 2 tablespoons cumin seeds (toasted and ground); 1 tablespoon kosher salt; Olive oil; Chickpea Salad, recipe follows; 16 large sea scallops; Red Pepper Vinaigrette, recipe follows; Cilantro Oil, recipe follows; Cilantro sprigs; 2 cups chickpeas, soaked and cooked, or if using canned, drained and rinsed; 2 serrano peppers, grilled, peeled, seeded and julienned; 1/2 cup red pepper, brunoise; 1/2 cup yellow pepper, brunoise; 1 teaspoon ground cumin; 1/4 cup fresh lemon juice | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat the grill to medium-high heat. Combine the ground coriander, cumin and salt in a medium bowl. Brush the scallops with olive oil and dredge on one side only. Grill scallops, spice side down for 2 minutes or until golden brown, turn over and continue grilling for 1 to 2 minutes until just cooked through. Place chickpea salad in the center of the plate, top with 4 scallops per person. Pour vinaigrette around the plate and drizzle with cilantro oil. Garnish with fresh cilantro. Combine all ingredients in a medium bowl and season with salt and pepper to taste. Let sit at room temperature at le <END>
INPUT: Asian, stir, Chinese mushrooms, Chinese long beans, Sichuan preserved vegetable, Chinese sausage, pork butt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Long Bean Stir-Fry | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 8 Chinese dried mushrooms (wood-ear type); 1 bunch Chinese long beans, about 12 ounces; 2 ounces Sichuan preserved vegetable, about 1/4 cup; 1/2 Chinese sausage (lop chong); 2 ounces pork butt; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 2 teaspoons thin soy sauce; 1 1/2 teaspoons Shao Hsing rice cooking wine; 1 teaspoon sesame oil; 1 teaspoon ground white pepper; 3/4 teaspoon sugar; 4 tablespoons vegetable oil; 1/4 cup thinly sliced scallions; 1/4 cup cilantro sprigs | INSTRUCTIONS: In a medium bowl, soak the mushrooms in 1/2 cup cold water for 30 minutes or until softened. Drain and squeeze dry (reserve the soaking liquid for use in soups). Cut off and discard the stems and mince the caps. Wash the long beans in several changes of cold water and drain thoroughly in a colander until dry to the touch. Cut into 1/4-inch-long pieces to make about 3 cups. Rinse the preserved vegetable in cold water until the red chili-paste coating is removed and pat dry. Finely chop to make about 1/3 cup. Chop the Chinese sausage into 1/4-inch pieces. Dice the pork into 1/4-inch-pieces and s <END>
INPUT: encrusted, glaze, vegetable oil, balsamic vinegar, agave syrup, honey, unsalted butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pecan Sandies® Encrusted Scallops with Balsamic Honey Agave Glaze | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 cups vegetable oil; 1/4 cup balsamic vinegar; 1/4 cup blue agave syrup; 1/4 cup honey; 1 tablespoon unsalted butter; Small bunch fresh chives, chopped; 1 cup Japanese breadcrumbs (panko); 12 Pecan Sandies; 24 bay scallops, rinsed and patted dry; 1 cup all-purpose flour; 3 eggs, beaten | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat the oil in a pot to 350 degrees F. In a small saucepan, reduce the balsamic vinegar until 1/3 is left. Add the agave syrup and cook for 2 minutes on medium heat. Stir in the honey and finish with the butter. Sprinkle with chives and set aside. In a food processor, combine the breadcrumbs and Pecan Sandies and pulse to make a breading. Dredge the scallops in the flour, then the eggs and roll in the breading mixture. Drop into the oil and fry until golden brown, about 2 minutes. Drizzle the scallops with the glaze and serve. <END>
INPUT: Italian, spaghetti squash, Salt pepper, virgin olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spaghetti (Squash) | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 2 medium spaghetti squash; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, plus some for drizzling | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat the oven to 450 degrees F and cover a baking sheet with foil. Split the squash in half and scoop out the seeds. Season the squash with salt and pepper and place, cut-side down, on the baking sheet. Roast the squash until very tender, 45 to 60 minutes. Turn the roasted squash over and shred each half with a fork, turning the flesh into what looks like a yellow boat filled with spaghetti. Drizzle the hot squash with a little extra-virgin olive oil and adjust the seasoning. Top with lots of your favorite sauce and garnish with shredded cheese. Serve each "boat" on a platter and eat the squas <END>
INPUT: velvet, whipped, heavy cream, cream cheese, marshmallow creme, pure vanilla extract
OUTPUT: TITLE: Red Velvet Hot Chocolate with Marshmallow Whipped Cream | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup heavy cream; 3 ounces cream cheese, at room temperature; 1/2 cup marshmallow creme; 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract; 2 cups whole, 2-percent or skim milk; 1 cup chopped best-quality semisweet chocolate; 2 tablespoons best-quality Dutched cocoa powder, such as Valhrona; 1 teaspoon red food coloring; 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. For the whipped cream: Whip the cream and cream cheese until soft peaks form. Fold in the marshmallow creme and vanilla. For the hot chocolate: Bring the milk to a simmer in a small pot. Add the chocolate and cocoa powder and cook, stirring, until smooth. Add the food coloring and vanilla and mix until combined. Whisk the mixture until very frothy. Pour into cups and top with large dollops of marshmallow whipped cream. <END>
INPUT: Kosher salt pepper, olive oil, button mushrooms, onions
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pat's Roast Beef | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 (3-pound) beef roast, trimmed of excess fat; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 4 tablespoons olive oil, divided; 8 ounces button mushrooms; 2 small onions, quartered; 1 cup red wine; 1 cup low-sodium beef stock; 2 tablespoons gravy flour (recommended: Wondra) | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Season the beef with salt and pepper, to taste. Heat 2 tablespoons the oil in a large cast iron skillet over medium-high heat until very hot but not smoking. Add the meat and sear on all sides. Add the mushrooms and onions to a bowl and stir in the remaining 2 tablespoons of oil. Season with salt and pepper, to taste, and toss. Add to the skillet around the roast. Put the skillet in the oven and roast until an instant-read thermometer registers 130 degrees F, about 40 minutes. Remove the roast from the oven to a cutting board an <END>
INPUT: salad, orange juice, lemon juice, virgin olive oil, assorted beets greens, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Italian Parsley and Beet Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup fresh orange juice; 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice; 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil plus more for drizzling; 2 1/4 pounds assorted beets with greens (such as Chioggia, white, golden, and red; 1 1/2 pounds if already trimmed); 1/4 small red onion; 1 1/4 cups Italian (flat-leaf) parsley leaves (from 1 bunch), torn if desired; Equipment: an adjustable-blade slicer; Accompaniment: fresh ricotta or farmer cheese, or grated ricotta salata | INSTRUCTIONS: Whisk together juices, oil, and 1/2 teaspoon each of salt and pepper in a large bowl. Trim beets, leaving 1 inch of stems attached, then peel. Using stems as a handle, slice beets paper-thin (less than 1/8 inch thick) with slicer (wear protective gloves to avoid staining hands), then cut slices into very thin matchsticks. Thinly slice onion with slicer. Toss beets, onion, and parsley with dressing and season with salt. Let stand, tossing occasionally, 30 minutes to soften beets and allow flavors to develop. Toss again and season with salt and pepper before serving drizzled with additional oil. <END>
INPUT: crescents, pinwheels, cranberry chutney, Monterey Jack cheese
OUTPUT: TITLE: Crescents Turkey Cranberry Pinwheels | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 can (8 oz.) Pillsbury® refrigerated crescent dinner rolls or 1 can (8 oz.) Pillsbury® Crescent Recipe Creations¿ refrigerated flaky dough sheet; 4 tablespoons cranberry chutney (from 9.4-oz. jar) or whole berry cranberry sauce (from 16-oz. can); 4 slices (about 5 oz) thinly sliced turkey breast; 2/3 cup shredded Monterey Jack cheese | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat oven to 375 degrees F. Spray large cookie sheet with cooking spray. If using crescent rolls: Unroll dough; press into 12x8-inch rectangle, firmly pressing perforations to seal. If using dough sheet: Unroll dough; press into 12 x 8-inch rectangle. Spread cranberry chutney on top of rectangle, within 1/4 inch of edges. Arrange sliced turkey evenly over cranberry chutney. Sprinkle shredded cheese over sliced turkey. Starting with longest side, roll up; pinch long side to seal. With serrated knife, cut into 24 slices. Place cut side down on cookie sheet. Bake 10 to 15 minutes or until golden  <END>
INPUT: butter, canola oil, plantains
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sauteed Plantains | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons butter; 2 tablespoons canola oil; 2 plantains, sliced in 1/2 vertically on bias and then cut lengthwise | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. In a large skillet, heat butter and oil over medium-low heat until butter melts, add plantains and saute until golden brown, and a fork goes through the flesh easily, 10 to 12 minutes. Turn occasionally to brown all sides. <END>
INPUT: French, herb, vinaigrette, garlic, Sherry wine vinegar, Dijon mustard, chives, Italian parsley
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sauteed Cod with Garlic-Herb Vinaigrette and Baked Portobello Mushrooms | CUISINE: French | INGREDIENTS: 1 whole head of garlic; 1 1/2 tablespoons Sherry wine vinegar; 1 1/2 teaspoons Dijon mustard; 1 1/2 teaspoons chopped fresh chives; 1 1/2 teaspoons chopped Italian parsley; 1 teaspoon minced shallot; 1 teaspoon chopped fresh tarragon; 1/2 cup extra-virgin olive oil; Fine sea salt; 4 4- to 5-inch-diameter portobello mushrooms, stemmed; 1/3 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 2 garlic cloves, chopped; 8 fresh rosemary sprigs; 8 fresh thyme sprigs; 4 7- to 8-ounce skinless cod fillets | INSTRUCTIONS: For vinaigrette: Preheat oven to 400°F. Wrap garlic in foil. Place foil packet directly on oven rack and roast garlic until tender, about 40 minutes. Cool garlic. Peel and finely mash enough garlic cloves to measure 1 tablespoon packed. Place mashed garlic in heavy small saucepan. Add vinegar, mustard, chives, parsley, shallot, and tarragon. Gradually whisk in olive oil. Season vinaigrette to taste with sea salt and pepper. DO AHEAD: Vinaigrette can be made 1 day ahead. Cover and refrigerate. Preheat oven to 400°F. Wrap garlic in foil. Place foil packet directly on oven rack and roast garlic u <END>
INPUT: olive oil, Four fillets salmon, Sea salt pepper, lemons, wine
OUTPUT: TITLE: Traditional Poached Salmon | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 teaspoon olive oil; Four 4- to 6-ounce fillets salmon; Sea salt and white pepper; 2 lemons, 1 halved and 1 cut into wedges; 1 bottle dry white wine, such as pinot grigio; Fresh parsley, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Drizzle the olive oil over the salmon fillets and season with some sea salt and white pepper. Set aside. Fill a high-sided large skillet one-third of the way up with water. Add the wine and lemon halves. Bring to a low simmer, add the salmon and let cook until firm to the touch, 5 to 7 minutes for medium. For well-done salmon, cook for 10 minutes. Serve garnished with the lemon wedges and parsley. <END>
INPUT: beets, water, olive oil, balsamic vinegar, Coarse salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Beet Dip | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound beets, peeled and cut into 1/4-inch chunks; 1/4 cup water; 2 teaspoons olive oil; 1 tablespoon balsamic vinegar; Coarse salt; Cracked black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Place beets in a microwave proof dish. Cover tightly with plastic wrap and cook on high 10 to 12 minutes or until very soft and tender. Cool for 15 minutes. Place the beets, olive oil and vinegar into the bowl of a food processor and run until smooth. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Taste and adjust seasonings. <END>
INPUT: stock, meaty veal bones, canola oil, tomato paste, carrots, celery
OUTPUT: TITLE: Veal Stock | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 8 meaty veal bones; 3 tablespoons canola oil; 1 tablespoon tomato paste; 4 carrots; 4 celery stalks; 3 onions; 2 large leeks; 1 whole garlic head; 4 fresh thyme sprigs; 4 fresh rosemary sprigs; 4 large fresh flat-leaf parsley sprigs; 16 cups, plus 1 cup water; 1 tablespoon black peppercorns; Sea salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F. In a roasting pan, arrange the veal bones in a single layer, then drizzle with oil and season with salt and pepper. Roast the bones in the lower part of the oven, flip after 20 to 30 minutes and remove from the oven after 40 minutes to 1 hour, when the bones are golden brown. Smear the tomato paste over the bones with a spoon. Add the carrots, celery, onion, leeks, and garlic. Return to oven and roast for 1 additional hour. Into a large stockpot, add the roasted bones, roasted vegetables, thyme, rosemary, and parsley and 16 cups of water. Discard fat from roa <END>
INPUT: organic chicken, Salt pepper, olive oil, chicken stock, pomegranate molasses
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Chicken with Pomegranate Molasses | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 whole organic chicken, rinsed and pat dry; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 to 4 tablespoons olive oil; 3/4 cup chicken stock; 1/4 cup pomegranate molasses; 2 fresh thyme sprigs, leaves removed | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Season chicken with salt and pepper, to taste. In a large stove to oven pan, heat the olive oil and brown the chicken on all sides. Put it in the oven and roast until the juices run clear, about 20 minutes. Remove the pan from oven and transfer the chicken to a cutting board. Tent with foil to keep warm. Put the pan on the stovetop over medium-high heat. Add the chicken stock and scrape up brown bits while bringing it to a boil. Whisk in the pomegranate molasses and thyme leaves and cook until desired thickness is reached, about 5 minutes. Taste for seasoning <END>
INPUT: Italian, country, chicken stock broth, chicken bouillon cube, apple cider vinegar, smoked turkey drumette, season salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Country Greens | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 32 ounces chicken stock or broth; 1 chicken bouillon cube; 1 tablespoon apple cider vinegar; 1 smoked turkey drumette; 1 tablespoons season salt; 1 tablespoons chopped garlic; Dried herbs (blend of dried and ground oregano, thyme, rosemary, black pepper, and basil, recommended: Daddy's); 1 tablespoon onion powder; 1/2 dried bay leaf; 1 large bunch turnip greens; 1 large bunch mustard greens; 1 large bunch collard greens | INSTRUCTIONS: Add all ingredients, except greens, to a large pot. Bring to a simmer for 20 minutes, allowing the smoked turkey to release the flavor. Remove the stem veins from the greens. Then wash and cut them into large bite size pieces. Add the greens to the pot of stock and cook for 1 1/2 to 2 hours, until greens are all tender. Adjust seasoning and serve hot with pot liquor (the juice from the greens). <END>
INPUT: hollandaise, bay leaves, celery salt, mustard, pepper, paprika
OUTPUT: TITLE: "Old Bay" Hollandaise | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon ground bay leaves; 2 1/2 teaspoons celery salt; 1 1/2 teaspoons dry mustard; 1 1/4 teaspoons freshly ground black pepper; 1 teaspoon paprika; 1/2 teaspoon ground cloves; 1/2 teaspoon ground nutmeg; 1/2 teaspoon ground white pepper; 1/4 teaspoon ground allspice; 1/4 teaspoon ground cardamom; 1/4 teaspoon ground ginger; 1/4 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes; 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice; 3 large egg yolks, lightly beaten; 1 1/2 sticks unsalted butter, melted until foamy | INSTRUCTIONS: Stir together the bay leaves, celery salt, mustard, 1 teaspoon black pepper, paprika, cloves, nutmeg, white pepper, allspice, cardamom, ginger and red pepper flakes in a bowl. Combine the lemon juice and egg yolks in a medium stainless-steel bowl and set over a pot of simmering water. Whisk the yolks until pale yellow and fluffy. Slowly add the melted butter, a few tablespoons at a time, and whisk until thickened. Season the sauce with 2 teaspoons of the spice mixture and the salt and 1/4 teaspoon black pepper. Keep warm until ready to use. Keep the remaining spice mixture in an airtight conta <END>
INPUT: noodles, rice flour, water, shallot oil canola, tapioca starch
OUTPUT: TITLE: Rice Noodles | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 cups rice flour, plus more for dusting; 3 1/2 cups water; 3 tablespoons shallot oil or canola oil; 1 cup tapioca starch | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. In a bowl, whisk together the rice flour and 3 1/2 cups water until smooth. Cover and allow to ferment at room temperature for 4 days. 2. Carefully pour out 1 1/2 cups water from the settled rice flour. Add 1/4 cup fresh water to the batter and stir until smooth. 3. Bring a large stockpot of salted water to a boil over high heat. Keep the water hot while you prepare the dough. 4. In a heavy-bottomed 4- to 6-quart pot, heat the oil over high heat. When the oil is hot, add the batter and turn down the heat to low. This is a two-person job: one person needs to stabilize the pot while the other <END>
INPUT: walnut, muffins, solid pack pumpkin, well shaken buttermilk, eggs, unsulfured molasses
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pumpkin Walnut Muffins | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 stick (1/2 cup) unsalted butter; 3/4 cup canned solid-pack pumpkin; 1/4 cup well-shaken buttermilk; 2 large eggs; 3 tablespoons unsulfured molasses; 1 teaspoon vanilla; 1 cup all-purpose flour; 1 cup white whole-wheat flour or all-purpose flour; 1 1/2 teaspoons baking powder; 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1/2 teaspoon ground ginger; 1/4 teaspoon ground cloves; 1/8 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/4 teaspoon baking soda | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 400° F. and grease twelve 1/2-cup muffin cups. Melt butter and cool slightly. In a bowl whisk together butter, pumpkin, buttermilk, eggs, molasses, and vanilla. Into a large bowl sift together flours, baking powder, spices, salt, and baking soda and whisk in brown sugar. Make a well in center of flour mixture and add pumpkin mixture, stirring just until combined. Stir in dates and divide batter among cups. Sprinkle walnuts evenly over batter in each cup and bake muffins in middle of oven 20 to 25 minutes, or until puffed and a tester comes out clean. Cool muffins in cups 5 minu <END>
INPUT: hash, Yukon potatoes, butter, onion, bell pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Savory Chicken Hash | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 Yukon potatoes, peeled and diced; 2 tablespoons butter; 1 medium onion, finely chopped; 1 red bell pepper, diced; 1 yellow bell pepper, diced; 1 tablespoon minced garlic; 1/2 teaspoon cayenne; 1 tablespoon salt; 1 tablespoon coarsely ground black pepper; 1 tablespoon smoked paprika; 1 teaspoon chopped fresh oregano leaves; 1 (3-pound) store-bought rotisserie chicken, meat removed and diced; 1/4 cup chicken stock; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley leaves; 1/2 lemon, juiced | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 325 degrees F. Bring a large pot or water to a boil over medium heat. Add the potatoes and cook until tender, about 12 to 14 minutes. Drain and set aside. In a large oven-proof skillet over medium-high heat, add the butter. Add the onions, bell peppers and garlic and saute for a few minutes. Add the cayenne, salt, pepper, smoked paprika and oregano. Stir in the chicken and cook for 4 to 5 minutes until chicken is warmed through. Season with more salt and pepper, if needed. Stir in the chicken stock to add some moisture, along with the parsley and lemon juice. Allow to simmer fo <END>
INPUT: wine, shallot, tarragon, butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Rib-Eye Steaks with Béarnaise Butter | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup dry white wine; 1 tablespoon minced shallot; 1/4 teaspoon dried tarragon; 5 tablespoons butter, room temperature; 1 tablespoon minced fresh tarragon; Olive oil; 2 12-ounce rib-eye steaks (each about 1 to 1 1/4 inches thick) | INSTRUCTIONS: Boil wine, shallot and dried tarragon in small saucepan until liquid evaporates, about 2 minutes. Cool completely. Mix butter and fresh tarragon into shallot mixture. Season with salt and pepper. Form butter mixture into log; wrap in plastic and chill until firm. (Can be made 3 days ahead. Keep chilled.) Cut butter into 1/3-inch-thick slices. Bring to room temperature before continuing. Brush large nonstick skillet with oil; heat over medium-high heat. Sprinkle steaks with salt and pepper; add to skillet. Cook to desired doneness, about 5 minutes per side for medium-rare. Overlap butter slices <END>
INPUT: soup, meat, peas petits pois, water, salt, pepper, mace
OUTPUT: TITLE: A Green Peas Soup, without Meat | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 10 cups fresh or frozen peas or petits pois (small, young green peas), divided; 6 cups water, divided; 1 1/2 teaspoons salt; 1/4 teaspoon ground black pepper; 1/2 teaspoon ground mace; 2 cloves; 2 teaspoons dried thyme; 1 teaspoon dried marjoram; 4 tablespoons unsalted butter; 3 to 4 green onions, trimmed and sliced crosswise into 1/2-inch pieces; 1/4 pound fresh baby spinach, coarsely chopped; 2 teaspoons minced fresh mint; 3 tablespoons all-purpose flour; Diced toast for garnish (optional); Shredded fresh calendula blossoms for garnish (optional) | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. Put 8 cups of the peas and 4 cups of the water in a large saucepan or Dutch oven. Add the salt, pepper, mace, cloves, thyme, and marjoram, cover, and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat, and simmer for about 45 minutes, until the peas are very tender. 2. Drain the peas, reserving the cooking liquid in the sauceupan. Puree the peas in a food processor or with a food mill. If using a food mill, discard the skins. Press the puree through a sieve into the reserved liquid, stirring to combine thoroughly. Cover and set aside to keep warm. 3. Combine the remaining 2 cups of peas with the remaining 2  <END>
INPUT: American, citrus, wine, sugar, orange juice, strip lemon peel
OUTPUT: TITLE: Wine- and Citrus-Poached Pears with Triple-Crème Cheese | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cups dry red wine; 1/3 cup sugar; 1/4 cup orange juice; 1 3x3/4-inch strip lemon peel (yellow part only); 1 whole clove; 2 firm but ripe medium-size pears, peeled, stems left attached, halved lengthwise, cored; 1 tablespoon cassis (black-currant-flavored liqueur; optional); 8 ounces triple-crème cheese (such as Explorateur, Saint André, boursault or Brillat-Savarin), cut into 4 wedges | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine wine, sugar, orange juice, lemon peel, and clove in heavy medium saucepan. Bring to simmer over medium heat, stirring until sugar dissolves. Add pear halves to saucepan. Cut out round of parchment paper same size as saucepan. Place parchment round atop pears, pushing edges of parchment into liquid to prevent edges from curling up. Reduce heat and barely simmer until pears are tender when pierced with knife, about 12 minutes. Using slotted spoon, transfer pears to bowl. Boil liquid in saucepan until slightly syrupy and reduced to 3/4 cup, about 14 minutes. Cool syrup to room temperature <END>
INPUT: soup, fennel bulbs fronds, carrots, onion, garlic, virgin olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Carrot Fennel Soup | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 medium fennel bulbs with fronds; 1 pound carrots, quartered lengthwise; 1 medium onion, quartered; 1 garlic clove; 5 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, divided; 1/2 teaspoon sugar; 2 1/2 cups reduced-sodium chicken broth; 2 1/2 cups water; 1 teaspoon fennel seeds; Equipment: an electric coffee/spice grinder | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 450°F with rack in lowest position. Chop enough fennel fronds to measure 1 tablespoon and reserve. Discard stalks and remaining fronds. Slice bulbs 1/4 inch thick and toss with carrots, onion, garlic, 3 tablespoons oil, sugar, 1/2 teaspoon salt, and 1/4 teaspoon pepper. Spread in a 4-sided sheet pan and roast, stirring occasionally, until browned and tender, 25 to 30 minutes. Blend half of vegetables in a blender with broth until very smooth. Transfer to a medium saucepan. Repeat with remaining vegetables and water. Thin to desired consistency with extra water and simmer 2 minu <END>
INPUT: Italian, parmesan, tomatoes, virgin olive oil, onion, garlic, pinches pepper flakes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Eggplant Parmesan | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 2 28-ounce cans whole peeled tomatoes (Pelati); 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 2/3 red onion, medium diced; 6 cloves garlic, cut into chunks; 2 pinches of red pepper flakes (optional); Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper; 1/4 cup torn fresh basil; Canola oil, for frying; 1 cup all-purpose flour; Sea salt and freshly ground pepper; 3 medium eggplants, cut into 1/4-inch-thick slices; 3/4 pound part-skim mozzarella cheese, freshly shredded; 1 cup freshly grated Parmigiano-Reggiano cheese, plus more for garnish; 1 1/2 cups fresh basil leaves, plus more for garnish; Extra-virgin olive oil, for drizzling | INSTRUCTIONS: Make the sauce: In a food processor or using an immersion blender, puree the tomatoes to a smooth, creamy consistency. (If you would like a more country feel, you can wait and break them up in the pan later with a wooden spoon.) In a large saucepan, heat the olive oil over medium-high heat until hot. Add the onion and saute 5 to 6 minutes, or until soft. Add the garlic and cook for 2 to 3 minutes, until you see the color start changing. If you¿d like to make the sauce spicy, add the red pepper flakes. Add the tomatoes and season with kosher salt and pepper to taste. Reduce the heat to medium l <END>
INPUT: skewers, unsalted butter, garlic, soy sauce, cremini mushrooms caps, thyme leaves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Mushroom Skewers | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 tablespoons unsalted butter; 3 cloves garlic, minced; 1 1/2 tablespoons soy sauce; 36 cremini mushrooms with 2-inch caps, tough stem ends trimmed (about 1 1/2 pounds); 2 teaspoons fresh thyme leaves, chopped; Kosher salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: 4 to 5 metal or wooden 12-inch skewers (soak the wooden skewers in water first for 20 minutes) Preheat a charcoal or gas grill to medium high. Swirl the butter in a small saucepan over medium heat until melted. Add the garlic and soften about 2 minutes. Stir in the soy sauce. Put the mushrooms in a medium bowl, add the soy-garlic butter and toss until well coated. Thread the mushrooms on the skewers, putting 7 to 8 on each and leaving 3-inch handles at the ends. Put the skewers on the grill with the handles resting on or just off the edge of the grill (for easier handling, s <END>
INPUT: Asian, rhubarb, light sugar, minute tapioca, juice long strands
OUTPUT: TITLE: Rhubarb with Berries and Candied Ginger | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 pounds rhubarb; 1/2 cup light brown sugar, packed, or maple syrup; 1 teaspoon minute tapioca; juice and long strands of zest of 1 small orange; 1/8 to 1/4 teaspoon ground cloves; a handful to a few pints strawberries, mulberries, or blackberries; cream and crème fraîche; 4 slices candied ginger, cut into thin strips, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. Wash the rhubarb, trim off the ends of the stalks, then slice them crosswise into 1/2-inch chunks. If the stalks are very thick, halve them lengthwise first. Toss with the sugar, tapioca, orange juice, zest, and cloves. Arrange in an 8 x 10-inch gratin dish and let stand while you preheat the oven to 400°F. Cover with foil and bake until the fruit is tender when pierced with a knife, 35 to 45 minutes. 2. Meanwhile, if you're using strawberries, rinse them quickly, then slice thickly. Plunge mulberries briefly into water and remove any stems. When the rhubarb is done, remove it from the oven <END>
INPUT: mashed, gravy, sweet potatoes, Salt, pork chops, pepper, virgin olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mashed Sweet Potatoes, Pork Chop with Cider Gravy, Sauteed Apples and Onions | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 medium sweet potatoes, peeled and cut into chunks; Salt; 4 bone-in pork chops, 1-inch thick; Freshly ground black pepper; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 2 large onions, yellow or red, thinly sliced; 2 Gala or Golden Delicious apples, thinly sliced; 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh thyme leaves; 1 lemon; 4 tablespoons butter; 2 tablespoons all-purpose flour; 1 cup apple cider; 2 cups chicken stock; 2 rounded tablespoons orange marmalade | INSTRUCTIONS: In a medium pot add sweet potatoes and cover with salted water. Bring to a boil, lower the heat and simmer until fork tender, 15 to 18 minutes. Season chops with salt and pepper. Heat 1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil, a turn of the pan, in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Cook pork 5 minutes on the first side until deeply golden, turn and cook 3 to 4 minutes more with a loose foil tent over the pan. Remove cooked chops to a plate and cover to keep warm. Add another turn of the pan of olive oil, add the onions and apples. Season with salt, pepper and thyme and cook until just tender, 5 <END>
INPUT: Italian, broccoli, olive oil, Salt pepper, Parmesan
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Broccoli with Parmesan | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 head broccoli; 1 tablespoon olive oil; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 tablespoons grated Parmesan | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat your oven to 400 degrees F. Peel the outer layer of the broccoli stalks. Cut the broccoli lengthwise keeping the stalk and broccoli florets intact. (The long broccoli spears should resemble trees.) Arrange in a single layer on a baking sheet. Drizzle with olive oil and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Toss to coat and roast until nicely caramelized, about 15 minutes. Turn broccoli over and sprinkle with grated the Parmesan. Cook until the Parmesan melts, about 5 minutes. Transfer to a serving bowl or platter and serve immediately. <END>
INPUT: remoulade, celeriac, lemon juice, basic mayonnaise, Dijon mustard, Salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Celeriac Remoulade | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 large celeriac (1 1/2 to 2 pounds without greens), peeled with a knife; 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice; 3/4 cup basic mayonnaise; 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, or more to taste; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 tablespoon parsley, chopped finely (optional) | INSTRUCTIONS: Cut the celeriac in half through the top and slice each half into 1/8- inch thick slices. Cut the slices, stacked 2 or 3 together into 1/8 inch wide julienne. In a mixing bowl, toss the julienne with the lemon juice. In another mixing bowl combine the mayonnaise with the mustard and season to taste with salt and pepper. Stir this sauce with the celeriac and parsley. Taste and adjust seasoning. <END>
INPUT: cookies, egg, vanilla extract, Pillsbury BEST® All, baking soda, Crisco® All Vegetable
OUTPUT: TITLE: Brown Sugar Cookies | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 large egg; 1 tsp. vanilla extract; 2 cups Pillsbury BEST® All Purpose Flour; 1/2 tsp. baking soda; 1/2 cup Crisco® All-Vegetable Shortening; 1/2 cup butter; 1 1/4 cups firmly packed brown sugar; 1/4 tsp. salt | INSTRUCTIONS: HEAT oven to 350°F. BEAT together shortening, butter, brown sugar, egg and vanilla in medium bowl until light and fluffy. Mix in flour, baking soda and salt. SHAPE dough into 1-inch balls or use small cookie scoop. Place 2-inches apart on ungreased baking sheet. BAKE 12 to 14 minutes or until golden brown. Remove to cooling rack after 1 minute. <END>
INPUT: Indian, unsweetened coconut milk, fish sauce, lemon juice, bell pepper, cilantro leaves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Curry-Coconut Shrimp | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup unsweetened coconut milk; 1 1/2 tablespoons fish sauce; 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice; 3 tablespoons seeded and finely chopped red bell pepper; 1 tablespoon minced fresh cilantro leaves; 1 teaspoon sugar; 1 teaspoon curry powder; 1 1/2 pounds large shrimp, peeled and deveined; 2 cups cooked brown rice; 4 lemon wedges, for serving; Fresh cilantro sprigs, for garnish (optional) | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. Combine the coconut milk, fish sauce, lemon juice, bell pepper, minced cilantro, sugar, and curry powder in a 10-inch glass pie plate. Add the shrimp, cover, and marinate in the refrigerator for 30 minutes. 2. Bring water to a boil over high heat in a covered steamer or pot large enough to hold the pie plate. Wearing oven mitts, carefully place the pie plate into the steamer. Cover, lower the heat to medium, and steam for 4 to 6 minutes, or until the shrimp are just cooked through. 3. Using oven mitts, carefully lift the lid of the steamer away from you, and remove the pie plate from the st <END>
INPUT: bars, unsalted butter, granulated sugar, flour, kosher salt, eggs at
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lemon Bars | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 pound unsalted butter, at room temperature; 1/2 cup granulated sugar; 2 cups flour; 1/8 teaspoon kosher salt; 6 extra-large eggs at room temperature; 3 cups granulated sugar; 2 tablespoons grated lemon zest (4 to 6 lemons); 1 cup freshly squeezed lemon juice; 1 cup flour; Confectioners' sugar, for dusting | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. For the crust, cream the butter and sugar until light in the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment. Combine the flour and salt and, with the mixer on low, add to the butter until just mixed. Dump the dough onto a well-floured board and gather into a ball. Flatten the dough with floured hands and press it into a 9 by 13 by 2-inch baking sheet, building up a 1/2-inch edge on all sides. Chill. Bake the crust for 15 to 20 minutes, until very lightly browned. Let cool on a wire rack. Leave the oven on. For the filling, whisk together the eggs <END>
INPUT: Mexican, guacamole, chocolate cake mix, tub chocolate frosting, chocolate sandwich cookies, vanilla ice cream
OUTPUT: TITLE: Guacamole Cake | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: Nonstick cooking spray; 1 16 1/2-ounce box chocolate cake mix (plus required ingredients); 1 16-ounce tub chocolate frosting; 12 chocolate sandwich cookies, ground in a food processor; 1 pint vanilla ice cream, softened; Green, yellow and red food coloring, for tinting; 1/4 cup red and/or green candied cherries, chopped; Cinnamon-sugar pita chips, for serving | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Spray a 2 1/2-quart ovenproof bowl with cooking spray. Put paper liners in 3 cups of a muffin pan. Prepare a chocolate cake mix as directed. Fill the liners two-thirds of the way, then pour the rest into the prepared bowl. Bake the cupcakes and bowl cake until a toothpick inserted into the centers comes out clean, about 18 minutes for the cupcakes and 50 minutes for the bowl cake. Let cool. Remove the bowl cake and peel off the liners; freeze 20 minutes. Put the bowl cake upright on a cake board or plate. Carve out the middle, about 1 inch from the edge, with <END>
INPUT: Asian, karage, togarashi, potato starch, garlic, ginger, sake
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken Karage | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup togarashi; 1 cup potato starch; 1/4 cup minced garlic; 1/4 cup minced ginger; 1/4 cup sake; 1/4 cup soy sauce; 1 large egg; 1 pound chicken, diced; Vegetable oil, for frying | INSTRUCTIONS: Mix together the potato starch, togorashi, garlic, ginger, sake, soy sauce and egg in a large bowl. Add the chicken and toss to coat fully. Heat a large saucepan with about 2 inches of vegetable oil and heat over medium-high heat to about 375 degrees F. Add the chicken and cook until golden brown and cooked through. <END>
INPUT: spread, olive oil, onion, bell pepper, fennel bulb, herbes de Provence
OUTPUT: TITLE: Caramelized Onion and Sour Cream Spread | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons plus 1/3 cup olive oil; 1 large red onion, thinly sliced; 1 large red bell pepper, thinly sliced; 1/2 fennel bulb, cored, thinly sliced; 2 teaspoons herbes de Provence; 1 teaspoon sugar; 8 garlic cloves, finely chopped; 1/3 cup sour cream; 1 tablespoon drained capers; 18 4x1 1/2x1/4-inch slices olive bread | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat 3 tablespoons oil in heavy large skillet over medium heat. Add onion and next 4 ingredients. Cover; cook until vegetables release their juices, stirring occasionally, about 12 minutes. Uncover; sauté until juices evaporate, about 10 minutes. Add garlic; cook until vegetables are very tender and just beginning to brown, about 12 minutes longer. Cool completely. Puree vegetable mixture and sour cream in processor until almost smooth. Season generously with salt and pepper. Transfer to bowl. Sprinkle with capers. Preheat broiler. Arrange bread slices on baking sheet. Brush both sides of brea <END>
INPUT: plums, water, lemon juice, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Plum Jam | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 pounds firm plums, cut into eighths and seeds discarded; 1/2 cup water; 1 tablespoon lemon juice; 7 1/2 cups sugar; 1 (3-ounce) package commercial pectin | INSTRUCTIONS: In large non-aluminum kettle, combine plums, water, and lemon juice. Bring mixture to boiling over high heat, stirring constantly. Reduce heat to low and cook, covered, 10 minutes or until soft, stirring occasionally. Mixture should have reduced to about 4 1/2 cups. Add sugar and heat mixture to full, rapid boiling over high heat, stirring constantly. Stir in pectin; return to full, rapid boiling and boil exactly 1 minute, stirring constantly. Remove from heat. Set aside 1 minute and skim off any foam that has formed. Meanwhile, sterilize 8 half-pint jars or jelly glasses and the necessary lid <END>
INPUT: French, quiche, pie crust pastry, milk, salt, pepper, nutmeg
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spinach Quiche | CUISINE: French | INGREDIENTS: One 10-inch pie crust or fresh pastry; 2 cups whole milk; 1 teaspoon salt; 1 teaspoon ground white pepper; 1 teaspoon ground nutmeg; 8 eggs, whipped; 1 cup spinach, thin cut; 1/2 cup cooked and chopped bacon; 1/2 cup shredded cheese, Monterey Jack or other; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh parsley | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (on low fan speed, if using convection). During this time, cover the bottom of the piecrust with aluminum foil and uncooked beans. Place the piecrust in the oven and bake (blind bake) for 10 to 12 minutes to allow the crust to cook. The crust should be light brown on the edges when removing from the oven. During the cooking of the crust, whisk together the milk, salt, pepper, nutmeg and eggs in a bowl. After mixing the eggs, in a second bowl, blend together the spinach, bacon, cheese and parsley. Add half of the egg mixture to coat the ingredients, again mixin <END>
INPUT: herb, Irvine Spices Roasted, kosher salt, rosemary leaves, thyme leaves, parsley leaves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Beer Can Roasted Herb Chicken | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 tablespoons Irvine Spices Roasted Garlic Pepper Seasoning; 3 teaspoons kosher salt; 4 teaspoons chopped fresh rosemary leaves; 4 teaspoons chopped fresh thyme leaves; 4 teaspoons chopped fresh parsley leaves; 4 (1 1/2-pound) frying chickens; 4 cans beer, your choice, exterior of can rinsed | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large mixing bowl, combine the garlic pepper seasoning, salt, rosemary, thyme and parsley. Rub inside cavity of chicken with mixture and heat grill. Open each can of beer, pour out (or drink) about 1/4 of the contents and place a chicken on end over the open can of beer with the tips of the legs pointing down. As the chicken cooks on the outside, the beer will get hot and steam the inside. Remove chicken from grill when cooked and let rest. Remove beer can from each chicken. Carve chicken into portions and serve. <END>
INPUT: long grain rice, low sodium low, turmeric, chili powder, marinade from Chicken
OUTPUT: TITLE: Black Beans and Rice | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups long grain white rice; 3 1/2 cups low sodium/low fat chicken stock; 1 teaspoon turmeric; 1 teaspoon chili powder; 2-3 tablespoons marinade from Chicken Tonette; 1 can black beans, drained; 2 cups long grain white rice; 3 1/2 cups low sodium/low fat chicken stock; 1 teaspoon turmeric; 1 teaspoon chili powder; 2-3 tablespoons marinade from Chicken Tonette; 1 can black beans, drained | INSTRUCTIONS: Place rice, stock, turmeric, and chili powder into a large microwave safe bowl or measuring cup. Microwave on high for 10 minutes and on medium for an additional 15 minutes. Remove from microwave and fluff rice with a fork. Stir in marinade and black beans. Place rice, stock, turmeric, and chili powder into a large microwave safe bowl or measuring cup. Microwave on high for 10 minutes and on medium for an additional 15 minutes. Remove from microwave and fluff rice with a fork. Stir in marinade and black beans. <END>
INPUT: wilted, chicken breast halves, herbs, brussels sprouts, Belgian endive
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken Sauté with Wilted Endive and Brussels Sprouts | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 skinless boneless chicken breast halves; 2 teaspoons chopped fresh herbs (such as tarragon and chives), divided; 4 tablespoons (1/2 stick) butter, divided; 5 large brussels sprouts, quartered; 2 large heads of Belgian endive, quartered lengthwise; 1/4 cup low-salt chicken broth; 2 teaspoons white balsamic vinegar | INSTRUCTIONS: Using meat mallet, pound chicken breast halves between sheets of plastic wrap to 1/2-inch thickness. Sprinkle chicken with 1 teaspoon chopped fresh herbs, salt, and pepper. Melt 2 tablespoons butter in large nonstick skillet over medium-high heat. Add chicken and sauté until cooked through, about 3 minutes per side. Transfer chicken to plate and tent with foil. Add remaining 2 tablespoons butter to same skillet and cook until brown, about 1 minute. Add brussels sprouts and endive and sauté until golden, adding broth to moisten, about 3 minutes. Add vinegar; toss to coat. Season with salt and p <END>
INPUT: iced, water, honey, fennel seeds, orange pekoe tea, Three lemon zest
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lemon Fennel Iced Tea | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 cups water; 1/2 cup honey, or to taste; 1 tablespoon fennel seeds; 4 orange-pekoe tea bags; Three 3-inch strips of lemon zest removed with a vegetable peeler plus additional for garnish; 6 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, or to taste | INSTRUCTIONS: In a saucepan stir together the water, the honey, and the fennel seeds and bring the mixture to a boil. Remove the pan from the heat, add the tea bags and 3 strips of the zest, and let the tea steep for 5 minutes. Strain the tea through a fine sieve set over a heatproof pitcher, let it cool, and add the lemon juice. Chill the tea, covered, for 1 hour, or until it is very cold. Divide the iced tea among tall glasses filled with ice cubes and garnish each glass with some of the additional zest. In a saucepan stir together the water, the honey, and the fennel seeds and bring the mixture to a boil <END>
INPUT: American, meatloaf, onions, meat, Italian bread crumbs, eggs, chicken bouillon cube, Parmesan
OUTPUT: TITLE: Meatloaf with Fried Onions and Tomato Gravy | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 5 pounds chopped meat (2 1/2 pounds beef, 2 1/2 pounds pork); 15 ounces Italian bread crumbs; 10 eggs; 1 chicken bouillon cube, dissolved in 1/2 cup hot water; 1/2 cup finely grated Parmesan; Chopped parsley; Salt and pepper; 2 tablespoons butter; 4 cloves smashed garlic cloves; 2 tablespoons flour; 2 (14-ounce) cans chicken stock; 2 tablespoons tomato paste; 1/4 cup red wine vinegar; 1 (14-ounce) can whole tomatoes; Salt and pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: To make Meatloaf: Preheat oven to 350 degrees. In a large bowl, mix chopped meat, bread crumbs, eggs, bouillon broth, Parmesan, and chopped parsley. Mix well with a wooden spoon until all the ingredients are well incorporated. Form into a loaf shape and place on a sheet pan coated with nonstick vegetable spray. Place in oven and cook for 45 minutes, or until meatloaf has an internal temperature of 160 degrees. To make Tomato Gravy: In a large saucepan, heat butter over medium-high heat. Allow butter to foam and begin to brown. Add smashed garlic and allow garlic to brown slightly. Sprinkle in  <END>
INPUT: sauce, Dijon mustard, clover honey, horseradish, mint leaves, Salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Asparagus and Tomato Skewers with Honey Mustard-Horseradish Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup Dijon mustard; 1/4 cup clover honey; 3 tablespoons prepared horseradish, drained; 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh mint leaves; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 pint cherry tomatoes on the vine; Wooden skewers soaked in water; 1 pound asparagus, trimmed; Olive oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the grill. Whisk together the mustard, honey, horseradish and mint in a bowl and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Let sit at room temperature for at least 15 minutes to allow the flavors to meld. Thread the tomatoes onto skewers and put them into a large bowl. Add the asparagus and drizzle with a little oil. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Put the tomatoes on the grill and cook until charred on both sides. Grill the asparagus for about 2 minutes per side. Put the vegetables on a platter and drizzle them with the mustard sauce. Serve hot or at room temperature. <END>
INPUT: stressbuster, smoothie, papaya, almond milk, honey, lemon juice, ice cubes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Papaya-Almond Milk Stressbuster Smoothie | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 1/2 cups diced papaya; 1 1/4 cups almond milk; 1 tablespoon honey; 1 teaspoon lemon juice; 4 whole ice cubes | INSTRUCTIONS: In the pitcher of a blender add the papaya, almond milk, honey, lemon juice and ice cubes, and blend until smooth. Pour into glasses and serve. <END>
INPUT: sandwiches, Dijon mustard, rice wine vinegar, Chinese vinegar, sugar, canola oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tea Smoked Salmon and Upland Cress Sandwiches | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard; 1/8 cup rice wine vinegar; 1 tablespoon Chinese vinegar; 1 teaspoon sugar; 1/4 cup canola oil; 2 cups upland cress (may substitute watercress); 4 slices sour dough bread; 8 to 12 slices of tea smoked salmon; Salt and black pepper to taste | INSTRUCTIONS: In a bowl, whisk together mustard, vinegars and sugar. Drizzle in oil and season with salt and pepper. Check for seasoning. Dress upland cress with vinaigrette. Lay out the bread and cover with the salmon. Sandwich a pile of upland cress between the bread. Slice off the crusts and serve with side of cress salad. <END>
INPUT: French, scrambled, eggs, fines herbes, salt, pepper, heavy cream
OUTPUT: TITLE: Scrambled Eggs with Fines Herbes and Tomatoes | CUISINE: French | INGREDIENTS: 12 large eggs; 1 tablespoon finely chopped fines herbes (chervil, parsley, tarragon, and chives); 1 teaspoon salt; 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 3 tablespoons heavy cream; 2 or 3 tablespoons Dijon mustard; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 3 small tomatoes, peeled, seeded, diced, and drained; 1 teaspoon chopped chives | INSTRUCTIONS: Break the eggs into a large mixing bowl, reserving 2 yolks in a separate bowl. To the large mixing bowl add the fines herbes, salt, and pepper. Combine with a whisk. Combine the heavy cream and the mustard with the reserved egg yolks and mix well. In a heavy saute pan over medium-low heat, melt the butter. When the butter is melted, add the whole egg mixture and cook, stirring constantly, until creamy and slightly thickened. Add the yolk mixture and the tomatoes to the slightly thickened egg mixture And remove from the heat while continuing to stir constantly. The heat in the pan will continue <END>
INPUT: Mexican, pure maple syrup, unsalted butter, chipotles en adobo, your favorite roasted, Kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Maple Chipotle Nuts | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup pure maple syrup; 1 tablespoon unsalted butter; 1 tablespoon finely chopped chipotles en adobo with sauce; 2 cups your favorite roasted unsalted nut (recommended: peanuts or mixed nuts); Kosher salt | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. Preheat the oven to 300 degrees F. In a small saucepan, bring maple syrup to a simmer over medium heat. Reduce heat and continue to cook stirring until slightly reduced and thickened, 3 to 5 minutes. (The syrup will foam up a bit as it simmers.) Stir in the butter and chipotle until the butter melts. 2. Toss the nuts in a medium bowl with the maple mixture to coat evenly, season with 3/4 teaspoon. Spread the nuts out in a single layer on a parchment-lined baking sheet. Bake until golden, stirring occasionally, 20 to 25 minutes. Stir and cool completely. Serve. <END>
INPUT: Italian, cheesy, rigatoni, onion, olive oil, Italian sausage, pepper flakes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cheesy Sausage Rigatoni | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound rigatoni; 1 onion, finely diced; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1 1/2 pounds Italian sausage; 1 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes; Two 25-ounce jars marinara sauce; Two 8-ounce balls fresh mozzarella, cut into large cubes; 1/2 cup grated Parmesan; Minced fresh parsley, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Bring a large pot of water to a boil. Cook the rigatoni according to the package instructions; drain and set aside to cool. Saute the onions in the olive oil in a skillet over medium heat until golden, 3 to 4 minutes. Crumble in the sausage, add the crushed red pepper and cook for a couple of minutes. Add the marinara sauce, mix everything together and cook for 5 to 7 minutes. Set aside to cool. To assemble, add about 2 spoonfuls of the sauce--just enough to coat the bottom--to a baking dish. Then layer half of the cooled noodles, half of the mozzarella cubes and <END>
INPUT: salad, arugula, heirloom tomatoes, onion, Vinaigrette
OUTPUT: TITLE: Arugula Salad with Heirloom Tomatoes and Red Onion | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 8 cups arugula; 4 sliced heirloom tomatoes (we like using a mix of colors); 1/2 small red onion, thinly sliced; Vinaigrette | INSTRUCTIONS: Arrange arugula on a large platter. Top with tomatoes and sprinkle with red onion. Drizzle with your favorite vinaigrette and serve. Arrange arugula on a large platter. Top with tomatoes and sprinkle with red onion. Drizzle with your favorite vinaigrette and serve. <END>
INPUT: bacon, butter, Brussels sprouts, onion, Salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pan Roasted Brussels Sprouts with Bacon | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 strips thick-cut bacon; 2 tablespoons butter; 1 pound Brussels sprouts, halved; 1/2 large onion, chopped; Salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Cook bacon in a large skillet over medium-high heat until crispy. Remove to a paper towel-lined plate, then roughly chop. In same pan with bacon fat, melt butter over high heat. Add onions and Brussels Sprouts and cook, stirring occasionally, until sprouts are golden brown, 8 to 10 minutes. Season with salt and pepper, to taste, and toss bacon back into pan. Serve immediately. <END>
INPUT: Italian, sausage, squid, onions, olive oil, chorizo, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Black Linguine with Squid and Chorizo Sausage | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 5 pounds fresh squid; 2 cups onions, diced; 2 ounces olive oil; 1 pound chorizo; 4 cloves garlic, chopped; 1 cup tomatoes, peeled, seeded, and diced; 2 cups white wine; 2 cups chicken stock; 1 1/2 pounds fresh black linguine; 4 ounces olive oil; 4 ounces butter; 4 ounces Parmesan cheese, grated | INSTRUCTIONS: Clean squid by removing cartilage, separating tentacles, cutting off eyes, and cutting body into 1/4-inch rings. Rinse rings and tentacles well. Bring 1 gallon of water to a boil. Blanch squid for 30 seconds and drain. In a hot casserole saute onions in olive oil for 20 minutes without coloring. Stab chorizo with a fork. Place chorizo links on baking sheet and place in 400 degree oven for 25 minutes. Let cool and cut into medium dice. To casserole with onions add garlic and saute for five minutes. Add tomatoes and cook 10 minutes. Add squid and simmer for 30 minutes, letting natural juices rel <END>
INPUT: donuts, apple cider, light dark sugar, all purpose flour, fine sea salt, baking powder
OUTPUT: TITLE: Apple Cider Donuts | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups apple cider; 1 tablespoon light or dark brown sugar; 3 3/4 cups all-purpose flour (spooned into the measuring cup and leveled), plus for dusting; 1/2 teaspoon fine sea salt; 2 teaspoons baking powder; 1 teaspoon baking soda; 1 1/4 teaspoons plus 2 tablespoons ground cinnamon; 1/4 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg; 5 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature; 2 1/2 cups pure cane sugar; 2 large eggs; 1/2 cup buttermilk; 2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract; 2 cups confectioners' sugar; Canola oil, for frying | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: a 3-by-1-inch biscuit cutter or a 3-inch donut cutter Put the apple cider and brown sugar in a small saucepan. Bring to a boil over high heat, then lower the heat to medium and cook until reduced to 1/3 cup, about 25 minutes. Transfer to a bowl and refrigerate until completely cool, about 15 minutes. Stir together the flour, salt, baking powder, baking soda, 1 1/4 teaspoons cinnamon and the nutmeg in a medium bowl. In a stand mixer fitted with the whisk attachment, whip the butter and 1 cup of the sugar on medium-high speed until light and fluffy, about 2 minutes. Lower the  <END>
INPUT: Mexican, shrimp, unsweetened coconut milk, cardamom pods, kaffir lime leaves, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lime and Coconut Shrimp with Red Curry Sauce | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 13.5- to 14.5-ounce can unsweetened coconut milk*; 12 whole green cardamom pods, crushed; 3 fresh kaffir lime leaves (3 double leaves)**; 2 garlic cloves, chopped; 2 tablespoons (packed) golden brown sugar; 1 tablespoon grated lemon peel; 1 tablespoon fresh lime juice; 1 tablespoon Thai red curry paste*; 2 teaspoons fish sauce (nam pla or nuoc nam)*; 3/4 cup all purpose flour; 1/4 cup cornstarch; 2 teaspoons minced kaffir lime leaves (3 to 4 double leaves)**; 1 1/2 teaspoons Thai red curry paste*; 1 teaspoon (packed) golden brown sugar; 1/2 teaspoon salt | INSTRUCTIONS: For curry sauce: Combine all ingredients in heavy medium saucepan. Bring to boil over medium-high heat, whisking to blend. Reduce heat to medium and simmer 1 minute. Remove from heat. Cover and let sauce stand at room temperature 10 minutes for flavors to blend. Strain. Season sauce to taste with salt and pepper. (Can be made 2 days ahead. Cover and refrigerate. Rewarm before serving.) Combine all ingredients in heavy medium saucepan. Bring to boil over medium-high heat, whisking to blend. Reduce heat to medium and simmer 1 minute. Remove from heat. Cover and let sauce stand at room temperatur <END>
INPUT: American, turnovers, hand onions, unsalted butter, Salt Pepper taste, balsamic vinegar, real maple syrup
OUTPUT: TITLE: Blaak Cheese and Sweet Onion Turnovers | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 3 cups of hand chopped onions (chunky); 1 tablespoon unsalted butter; Salt & Pepper to taste; 1 cup balsamic vinegar; 1/4 cup real maple syrup; 3/4 cup all-purpose flour spooned and leveled into the cup, plus more for rolling; 1 teaspoon sugar; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 1/4 cup cold unsalted butter, cut up; 1/3 cup plain Greek yogurt or sour cream; 6 ounces (without the rind) Blaak cheese or your favorite cheese, grated (1 1/2 cups); 1/3 cup Blaak onion jam; 1 1/2 tablespoons yellow mustard; 1 large egg lightly beaten with 2 teaspoons water | INSTRUCTIONS: For the blaak onion jam: Caramelize the onions in the butter until tender and golden brown. Add salt and pepper to taste. Add the balsamic vinegar and cook until the vinegar thickens, about 1 hour. Add the syrup and cook until the mixture thickens, about 1 hour longer. Serve at room temperature. Keep in refrigerator for up to 1 week. For the turnovers: Pulse together the flour, sugar and salt in a food processor until combined. Add the butter and pulse until the mixture resembles coarse crumbs with some fat pea-size pieces. Add the yogurt and pulse until just combined and the dough holds toget <END>
INPUT: buttered, chicken broth, dill
OUTPUT: TITLE: Buttered Peas and Pearl Onions | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup chicken broth; 1/4 cup (1/2 stick) unsalted butter; 3 teaspoons chopped fresh dill; 1 (10-ounce) package frozen pearl onions, thawed; 1 (10-ounce) package frozen peas, thawed; 1 small bunch watercress, washed and trimmed; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. In a 3-quart saucepan over medium heat, combine the chicken broth, 2 tablespoons of the butter, and 2 teaspoons of the dill. Once the liquid gets hot, add the pearl onions and peas. Cook and stir for 5 minutes until well coated and thickened slightly. Add the watercress, remaining butter, and dill; season with salt and pepper. <END>
INPUT: pinata, boxes chocolate cake, wafer ice cream, tubs vanilla frosting, bags coconut
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pinata Cake | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Cooking spray; 2 16-to-18-ounce boxes chocolate cake mix (plus required ingredients); 7 wafer ice cream cones; 2 16-ounce tubs vanilla frosting; 3 7-ounce bags shredded sweetened coconut; Gel or neon food coloring (purple, yellow, blue, orange and pink); Black icing, for decorating | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Coat two 9-by-5-inch loaf pans with cooking spray; line with parchment, leaving an overhang. Prepare the cake mixes as directed. Fill the pans about two-thirds of the way with batter (you' ll have a little left over). Bake the cakes 45 minutes, then remove 1 cake from the oven and insert the top 1/2 inch of an ice cream cone 1 1/2 inches from an end as shown. Continue baking both cakes 10 to 15 more minutes. Let cool, then lift out of the pans. Use a serrated knife to trim the domed top of the cake without the cone; set trimmed-side down on a work surface. Us <END>
INPUT: double, hash, wine vinegar, eggs, skinned sweet potatoes, leeks
OUTPUT: TITLE: Double-Salmon and Sweet Potato Hash with Poached Eggs | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup white wine vinegar; 6 large eggs; 4 tablespoons (1/2 stick) butter; 2 pounds red-skinned sweet potatoes (yams), peeled, cut into 1/2-inch cubes; 3 cups chopped leeks (white and pale green parts only); 1 large red bell pepper, diced; 2 teaspoons dried thyme; 1 12-ounce skinless salmon fillet, cut into 1/2-inch cubes; 3 tablespoons pure maple syrup; 2 1/2 teaspoons chopped fresh sage; 5 ounces thinly sliced smoked salmon, chopped; Paprika; Chopped fresh chives | INSTRUCTIONS: Fill large bowl with cold water. Add enough water to large pot to measure 3 inches in depth; add vinegar and bring to simmer. Reduce heat to medium-low. Crack eggs open 1 at a time over simmering water and drop in. Poach eggs until whites are set, about 4 minutes. Using slotted spoon, transfer eggs to bowl of cold water to stop cooking; reserve pot of vinegar water. Melt half of butter in each of 2 large nonstick skillets over low heat. Add half of sweet potatoes, leeks, bell pepper and thyme to each skillet; stir to coat with butter. Cover skillets; cook until potatoes are tender, stirring oc <END>
INPUT: Italian, pasta, puttanesca, linguine, vine tomatoes, onion, capers, kalamata olives
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sardine and Bread Crumb Pasta with Puttanesca Salad | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound linguine, fresh or dried; 4 vine-ripe tomatoes, seeded and chopped; 1/2 red onion, chopped; 3 tablespoons capers; 1/2 cup kalamata olives, pitted and coarsely chopped; 6 anchovies (1 tin flat fillets), chopped; 3/4 cup fresh flat-leaf parsley tops (4 or 5 handfuls), divided; 1/2 coarsely chopped, 1/2 finely chopped; 1/2 lemon juiced; 1/4 cup plus 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, plus more for drizzling; 12 to 15 fresh basil leaves, cut or torn into a chiffonade; Coarse salt and coarse black pepper; 8 garlic cloves, chopped; 1 1/2 cups bread crumbs; 2 (4-ounce) tins sardines, drained and chopped; 1 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. When the water boils, add the linguine and cook just until al dente. Drain well. Combine the tomatoes, onions, capers, olives, anchovies, and the coarsely chopped parsley in a medium bowl. Dress with the lemon juice and a healthy drizzle of extra-virgin olive oil, enough to lightly coat the salad (1 to 2 tablespoons). Sprinkle in the basil and salt and pepper, toss again and adjust the seasoning. Preheat a large, deep skillet over medium heat. To the hot pan, add the 1/4 cup of extra-virgin olive oil (4 times around the pan), and half the chopped ga <END>
INPUT: button mushrooms, cubes low sodium, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Burgundy Mushrooms | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 pounds white button mushrooms; 1 cup (2 sticks) butter; 4 cubes low-sodium chicken bouillon; 4 cubes low-sodium beef bouillon; Freshly ground black pepper; 1 teaspoon dill seeds; 5 cloves garlic; 1 liter burgundy wine (or any red wine, such as cabernet or merlot); 1 1/2 teaspoons Worcestershire sauce; Kosher salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Throw the mushrooms in a large pot with the butter, bouillon cubes, 1 teaspoon pepper, the dill seeds and garlic. Add the wine, Worcestershire sauce and 2 cups boiling water. Bring the mixture to a boil over medium-high heat, then reduce the heat to low, cover the pot and let it simmer 6 hours. (Yes, I said 6 hours!) After 6 hours, remove the lid and continue simmering for another 2 to 3 hours. (Yes, I said 3 hours!) After the 8-to-9-hour cooking time, season with salt to taste. The mushrooms will be very dark in color and exceedingly luscious. Ladle them into a serving dish and get ready for  <END>
INPUT: American, filling, sugar, flour, eggs, unsalted butter, buttermilk
OUTPUT: TITLE: Buttermilk Pie Filling | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 3/4 cups sugar; 1 tablespoon flour; 4 eggs; 8 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened; 1 cup buttermilk; 1 tablespoon freshly squeezed lime juice; 2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract; 1 tablespoon ground nutmeg; Pie Crust, recipe follows; 1 cup unsalted butter; 1 cup solid vegetable shortening; 4 cups cake flour; 2 cups all-purpose flour; 1/2 cup sugar; 3 teaspoons kosher salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. In metal bowl, combine sugar and flour. In another bowl, lightly beat the eggs and add them to the sugar mixture, combining well. Blend the butter into the mixture using the back of a spoon. Add the buttermilk and blend with a whisk. If the butter has not incorporated by this step set the bowl over a pan of simmering water to help soften the butter. Add the lime juice, vanilla and nutmeg. Blend well. Slowly pour the custard filling into the pie crust. Set the pie on a baking sheet and place it in the oven for 1 hour. Remove pie and let it cool before cutting. Com <END>
INPUT: roast, turkey, sausage fennel stuffing, turkey giblet stock, Sercial Madeira
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roast Turkey with Sausage Fennel Stuffing and Madeira Gravy | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: a 12- to 14-pound turkey, neck and giblets (excluding liver) reserved for making gravy; sausage fennel stuffing; 1 stick (1/2 cup) unsalted butter, softened; 2 cups turkey giblet stock or chicken broth; 1 1/4 cups Sercial Madeira; 1/2 cup all-purpose flour; 4 cups turkey giblet stock or chicken broth; Garnish: fresh small fennel bulbs, (sometimes called anise), quartered with fronds attached, fresh small white onions with greens attached, fresh thym | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 325°F. Rinse turkey and pat dry inside and out. Season turkey inside and out with salt and pepper and pack neck cavity loosely with some stuffing. Fold neck skin under body and fasten with a skewer. Fill body cavity loosely with some remaining stuffing and truss turkey. Transfer remaining stuffing to a buttered 1 1/2- to 2-quart shallow baking dish and reserve, covered and chilled. Spread turkey with butter and on a rack in a roasting pan roast in oven until a meat thermometer inserted in fleshy part of a thigh registers 180°F. and juices run clear when thigh is pierced, 3 1/4  <END>
INPUT: turkey breast cutlets, All purpose flour, olive oil, shallot, brussels sprouts
OUTPUT: TITLE: Turkey Cutlets with Brussels Sprouts and Dried Cranberries | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 to 1 1/4 pounds turkey breast cutlets; All purpose flour; 3 tablespoons olive oil, divided; 1 large shallot, sliced; 8 ounces brussels sprouts, trimmed, quartered through root end; 3/4 cup low-salt chicken broth; 1/4 cup dried sweetened cranberries; 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh sage; 11/2 teaspoons red wine vinegar; 1 tablespoon butter | INSTRUCTIONS: Sprinkle cutlets with salt and freshly ground black pepper. Sprinkle cutlets with flour, shaking off any excess. Heat 2 tablespoons olive oil in heavy large skillet over medium-high heat. Add cutlets to skillet and sauté until cooked through and golden brown, about 3 minutes per side. Transfer to platter; tent with foil to keep warm. Add remaining 1 tablespoon olive oil to same skillet. Add shallot; stir until beginning to brown, about 1 minute. Add brussels sprouts, broth, cranberries, and sage; cover and cook until brussels sprouts are crisp-tender, stirring occasionally, about 5 minutes. St <END>
INPUT: Asian, stir, tofu, lemongrass, ginger, Vietnamese chile paste, lime juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spicy Tofu and Lemongrass Stir-Fry | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 8 oz firm tofu, diced (or 1 lb precooked medium shrimp); 2 stalks lemongrass (outer leaves removed), trimmed and minced; 1 tbsp minced fresh ginger; 1 tsp Vietnamese chile paste (or Tabasco); 1 tbsp fresh lime juice; 1 tbsp rice wine (found in Asian section of grocery store); 1/2 cup canned lowfat coconut milk; 1/4 cup vegetable broth; 1 tbsp low-sodium soy sauce; 1 tsp dark sesame oil; 1 tsp canola oil; 4 medium carrots, cut into thin strips; 8 medium shiitake mushrooms, thinly sliced; 1 cup fresh broccoli florets; 1/2 cup diagonally sliced green onions | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine tofu, lemongrass, ginger, chile paste, lime juice, and rice wine in a small bowl and toss. Cover and refrigerate 30 minutes. Mix coconut milk, broth, soy sauce, and sesame oil in a bowl; set aside. Coat a large sauté pan with canola oil and set over medium-high heat. Add tofu and sauté, stirring, for 2 or 3 minutes. Add carrots, mushrooms, and broccoli and sauté, stirring, for another 2 or 3 minutes. Stir in coconut milk mixture and onions and cook 5 minutes or until vegetables are tender. (If using shrimp, toss in last, just long enough to heat.) Combine rice, broth, and bay leaf in s <END>
INPUT: wellingtons, olive oil, beef tenderloin, Kosher salt pepper, cremini mushrooms, shallot
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mini Beef Wellingtons | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons olive oil; 2 pounds beef tenderloin, cut into 24 (1-inch) cubes; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 10 ounces cremini mushrooms, stemmed and finely chopped; 1 large shallot, finely chopped; 2 sheets frozen puff pastry, thawed (recommended: Dufour) | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Heat the olive oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Pat the beef dry with a paper towel and season all sides with salt and pepper. Quickly sear the beef on 2 sides only until deep golden brown, about 4 minutes total; do not overcook. Transfer to a plate to cool. Add the mushrooms and cook until beginning to brown and release liquid, about 5 minutes. Add the shallots and continue cooking until mushroom mixture dries out, is golden brown and shallots are soft, about 10 minutes. Remove from heat and cool. Preheat to the oven to 400 degrees F. Line a baking  <END>
INPUT: Mexican, quesadillas, roasted chicken breast, wild mushrooms, oil sun tomatoes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken and Wild Mushroom Quesadillas | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: Cooking spray; 2 roasted chicken breast halves; 4 (8-inch) flour tortillas; 2 cups sliced wild mushrooms (any combination of shiitake, cremini, oyster, porcini, portobello, etc.); 1 cup thinly sliced oil-packed sun-dried tomatoes; 1 1/3 cups shredded reduced-fat Monterey Jack cheese; 1/2 cup chopped fresh cilantro | INSTRUCTIONS: Coat a large skillet or griddle with cooking spray and set pan over medium heat to preheat. Using a fork, pull chicken meat from bone in shreds. Arrange tortillas on a flat surface. Top one side of each tortilla with an equal amount of chicken, mushrooms and tomatoes. Top filling with shredded cheese (1/3 cup per tortilla). Fold over tortillas to cover filling, making half-moon shapes. Place quesadillas in (or on) prepared pan and cook 3 minutes per side, until tortillas are golden brown and cheese melts. Garnish with cilantro. <END>
INPUT: chips, garlic, olive oil, coarse salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Garlic Chips | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 15-20 large cloves garlic, thinly sliced; 3 tablespoons olive oil; 1 teaspoon coarse salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat olive oil in a medium skillet over moderate heat. Add garlic slices and saute until lightly browned, about 12 minutes. Drain garlic on paper towels. Sprinkle with salt and serve. <END>
INPUT: granola, old fashioned oats, almonds, coconut, cranberries
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mom's Coconut Granola | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Nonstick cooking spray; 2 cups old-fashioned oats; 1 cup sliced almonds; 1 cup shredded sweetened coconut; 1/2 cup dried cranberries; 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 4 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1/4 cup honey; 1/4 cup lightly packed light brown sugar; 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Special equipment: 9-inch square baking sheet Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Line a 9-inch square baking sheet with foil, allowing the foil to extend over the sides of the pan. Spray with nonstick cooking spray. Mix the oats, almonds, coconut, cranberries, cinnamon and salt in a medium bowl until combined. Combine butter, honey and sugar in a medium saucepan over medium heat, stirring until the butter melts and the mixture begins to boil. Remove the pan from heat and stir in the vanilla. Pour the butter mixture over the dry ingredients, stirring with a rubber <END>
INPUT: Salt pepper, chuck roast, olive oil, onions, carrots
OUTPUT: TITLE: Perfect Pot Roast | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Salt and freshly ground black pepper; One 3- to 5-pound chuck roast; 2 or 3 tablespoons olive oil; 2 whole onions, peeled and halved; 6 to 8 whole carrots, unpeeled, cut into 2-inch pieces; 1 cup red wine, optional; 3 cups beef broth; 2 or 3 sprigs fresh rosemary; 2 or 3 sprigs fresh thyme | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the oven to 275 degrees F. Generously salt and pepper the chuck roast. Heat the olive oil in large pot or Dutch oven over medium-high heat. Add the halved onions to the pot, browning them on both sides. Remove the onions to a plate. Throw the carrots into the same very hot pot and toss them around a bit until slightly browned, about a minute or so. Reserve the carrots with the onions. If needed, add a bit more olive oil to the very hot pot. Place the meat in the pot and sear it for about a minute on all sides until it is nice and brown all over. Remove th <END>
INPUT: unsalted butter, anchovies oil, Salt pepper, andouille sausage
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Andouille Sausage with Shrimp, Clams, Mussels and Garlic with Grilled Country Bread with Anc | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 sticks unsalted butter, slightly softened; 6 anchovies in oil, patted dry; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 6 slices (1/2-inch thick) country bread; 1 pound andouille sausage, cut into quarters and each quarter cut in 1/2 lengthwise; Canola oil; 1 pound large shrimp (21 to 24 size) peeled and deveined, skewered shrimp to cook more evenly; 1 heaping tablespoon anchovy butter; 4 cloves garlic, thinly sliced; 8 sprigs fresh thyme; 2 cups dry white wine; 1 cup clam juice; 15 clams, scrubbed; 15 mussels, scrubbed; 2 tablespoons cold unsalted butter | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. For the Country Bread: Combine the butter and anchovies in a food processor and process until smooth; season with salt and pepper. Grill the bread until lightly golden brown on both sides, about 20 seconds per side. Remove from the grill and slather some of the anchovy butter on 1 side. Cut each slice in half, while still hot. For the sausage and shrimp: Heat the grill to high. Brush the sausage with oil and grill until golden brown on both sides and just cooked through. Remove to a platter. In a large bowl, toss the shrimp with oil, anchovy butter, and season wi <END>
INPUT: new potatoes, cippolini onions, virgin olive oil, rosemary, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Potatoes and Onions | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 pounds new potatoes (white, red, or Yukon gold), scrubbed and halved; 1 pound cippolini onions, peeled; 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 2 teaspoons dried rosemary; 1 teaspoon salt; 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. In a large bowl, toss together all of the ingredients. Spread the mixture in a single layer on a baking sheet. Bake until the potatoes and onions are golden brown and cooked through, about 40 minutes. Serve immediately or cool and store in an air-tight container in the refrigerator, reheating the next day in a preheated 400 degrees F oven for 10 to 15 minutes. <END>
INPUT: sauce, olive oil, garlic, shallots, cabbage, duck stock
OUTPUT: TITLE: Red Cabbage Cabernet Sauvignon Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 tablespoons olive oil; 2 teaspoons chopped garlic; 4 tablespoons chopped shallots, divided; 8 ounces red cabbage sliced; 1 1/2 cups of duck stock (liquid from the bones); 2 teaspoons corn starch; 1 teaspoon salt; 3 teaspoons sugar; 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 1/4 cup cabernet sauvignon; carrots, string beans, broccoli, zucchini (steamed); 2 potatoes | INSTRUCTIONS: In a saucepan, over medium heat add olive oil, garlic and 2 tablespoons of the shallots. Stir for 1 minute. While stirring, add the red cabbage. Prepare a mixture of the duck stock and cornstarch, and add this mixture to the cabbage. Continue stirring until the sauce begins to boil, then add the salt and sugar. Add the remaining 2 tablespoons chopped shallots and lemon juice. Finish by adding the cabernet sauvignon to the sauce. Transfer the red cabbage sauce into the center of a serving plate, topping it with the sliced duck. Garnish around the duck with potatoes. In between each potato place <END>
INPUT: breasts, sauce, duck breast, wine, cognac, veal stock, peppercorns brine
OUTPUT: TITLE: Duck Breasts with Green Peppercorn Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 duck breast; 2 tablespoons red wine; 1 tablespoon cognac; 1/2 cup veal stock; 2 teaspoons green peppercorns in brine, drained; 2 teaspoons butter | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat the oven to 400 degrees F/200 degrees C. Score the duck breast and render the fat in a saute pan. Pour off the fat, and transfer to the oven to finish, about 10 minutes. Remove the duck, and set aside to rest while you make the sauce. Deglaze the saute pan with the wine and cognac and reduce by half. Add the veal stock and peppercorns and reduce by half again. Remove from the heat and whisk in the butter. Carve the duck breast. Spoon over the sauce and serve. <END>
INPUT: soup, chicken stock, Roasted Winter Vegetables, Kosher salt pepper, onions
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Vegetable Soup | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 to 4 cups chicken stock, preferably homemade, recipe follows; 1 quart Roasted Winter Vegetables, recipe follows; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 3 (5-pound) roasting chickens; 3 large yellow onions, unpeeled, quartered; 6 carrots, unpeeled, halved; 4 celery stalks with leaves, cut in thirds; 4 parsnips, unpeeled, cut in 1/2, optional; 20 sprigs fresh parsley; 15 sprigs fresh thyme; 20 sprigs fresh dill; 1 head garlic, unpeeled, cut in 1/2 crosswise; 2 tablespoons kosher salt; 2 teaspoons whole black peppercorns; 1 pound carrots, peeled | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large saucepan, heat 3 cups of chicken stock. In 2 batches, coarsely puree the roasted vegetables and the chicken stock in the bowl of a food processor fitted with the steel blade. Pour the soup back into the pot and season, to taste. Thin with more chicken stock and reheat. The soup should be thick but not like a vegetable puree, so add more chicken stock and/or water until it's the consistency you like. Place the chickens, onions, carrots, celery, parsnips, parsley, thyme, dill, garlic, and seasonings in a 16 to 20-quart stockpot. Add 7 quarts of water and bring to a boil. Simmer uncove <END>
INPUT: martini, meringues, shots limoncello liqueur, shots vanilla vodka, lemonade
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lemon Meringue Martini | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 small yellow or white meringues; 4 shots limoncello liqueur, plus 1 shot for riming glasses; 4 shots vanilla vodka (recommended: Smirnoff); 1/2 cup lemonade | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. In a plastic food storage bag, crush the meringues with a rolling pin or your hands. Put the crumbs onto a plate and pour some water onto another plate. Put a shot of the limoncello in a small plate. Dip the rim of a martini glass into the limoncello, shaking off any excess, then into the meringue crumbs. Repeat with 3 more glasses and set aside while you make the drink. In a pitcher filled with ice, pour in the 4 shots of limoncello, the vodka and the lemonade and stir. Strain the drink evenly into the 4 prepared glasses and serve. <END>
INPUT: salad, vinaigrette, broccoli florets, roasted, olive oil, wine vinegar, water
OUTPUT: TITLE: Broccoli Salad with Peanut Vinaigrette | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 1/2 cups broccoli florets; 1/2 cup roasted, unsalted peanuts; 1/2 cup olive oil; 1/4 cup red wine vinegar; 1/2 cup water; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/8 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring a medium saucepan of salted water to a boil. Blanch broccoli florets about 3 minutes. Immediately refresh in a bowl of iced water and drain. Grind nuts in a blender or food processor until fine, being careful not to over process. Whisk nuts with remaining ingredients in a bowl until a vinaigrette is formed. Add broccoli, toss, and serve. The tossed salad may be stored in refrigerator for 6 to 8 hours. <END>
INPUT: saltimbocca, salad, jumbo shrimp prawns, EVOO, bay leaf, Chicken stock, Sea salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Shrimp Saltimbocca with Fennel and Arugula Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 12 jumbo head-on shrimp or prawns (16-18 count); 2 tablespoons EVOO, plus more for liberal drizzling; 1 fresh bay leaf; Chicken stock, to cover; Sea salt and black pepper; Zest and juice of 1 lemon; 1 teaspoon chile flakes; 2 to 3 cloves garlic, grated or minced; 12 large fresh sage leaves; 12 slices thinly sliced prosciutto; 1/4 cup dry vermouth; 2 tablespoons butter; A hunk of crusty bread, for serving; 1 bulb fennel, thinly sliced; 2 cups arugula | INSTRUCTIONS: For the shrimp: Peel and devein the shrimp, leaving the tails on; reserve the shells. Break off and reserve the heads. Add a drizzle of EVOO to a medium saucepot over medium-high heat. Add the shrimp heads and shells and saute for a few minutes. Add the bay leaf and enough chicken stock to cover; simmer for 15 to 20 minutes to infuse. Strain the shrimp stock and set aside. Rinse and dry the peeled shrimp and place them in a large mixing bowl. Add some EVOO, salt and pepper, and the lemon zest, chile flakes and garlic; toss to combine. Place a sage leaf down the back of each shrimp, where it ha <END>
INPUT: mashed, russet potatoes, garlic, butter, salt, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Kale Mashed Potatoes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 pounds russet potatoes, peeled and cut into quarters; 1/2 clove garlic, peeled; 1/4 cup butter; 1 teaspoon salt; 1/2 teaspoon ground white pepper; 1/2 cup milk or heavy cream, heated until warm; 5 ounces frozen kale, cooked and squeezed dry | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large pot with enough cold water to cover, place the potatoes and garlic. Bring to a boil and cook until tender, about 15 to 20 minutes. Drain well in a colander and return the potatoes to the pot. Add the butter salt and white pepper, and mash with a potato masher. Continue mashing, while gradually adding the warm milk. Stir in the kale and serve immediately. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, center beef tenderloin, virgin olive oil, Salt pepper, cherry grape tomatoes, arugula
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Tenderloin and Cherry Tomatoes with Spicy Crab Salad | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2 pounds center-cut beef tenderloin; Extra-virgin olive oil; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 pint yellow cherry or grape tomatoes; 1 bunch arugula, trimmed; 1 recipe Spicy Crab Salad, recipe follows; 1 pint lump crabmeat, picked through; 1/4 cup mayonnaise; 1 tablespoon chili paste (such as sambal); 2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro leaves; 1/2 lime, juiced; Salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Tie the tenderloin with kitchen twine in 3 or 4 places around the circumference to help it hold its shape. Put a medium cast iron or ovenproof skillet over medium-high heat and get it hot. Drizzle in a 2-count of oil. Sprinkle the tenderloin all over with salt and pepper and sear it in the hot pan, turning, until well browned. Then put the pan in the oven and roast until the internal temperature of the beef reaches 125 degrees F on an instant-read thermometer, about 20 minutes. Remove the beef to a platter and let it rest 10 minutes. Turn the oven to broil. T <END>
INPUT: Mexican, chipotle chiles adobo, garlic, honey, pork tenderloin
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chipotle-Honey-Glazed Pork | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 3 canned chipotle chiles in adobo (1/4 cup total); 3 garlic cloves, coarsely chopped; 3 tablespoons honey; 1 1/2 pounds pork tenderloin | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 450°F. Purée chipotles in adobo with garlic and honey in a blender until smooth. Pat pork dry and season with salt. Put pork on a foil-lined baking sheet and spread with chile glaze to coat well. Roast in middle of oven until an instant-read thermometer registers 155°F, about 20 minutes. Let stand 5 minutes on a cutting board before cutting into thin slices. Preheat oven to 450°F. Purée chipotles in adobo with garlic and honey in a blender until smooth. Pat pork dry and season with salt. Put pork on a foil-lined baking sheet and spread with chile glaze to coat well. Roast in mi <END>
INPUT: American, potato, crusted, skin center salmon, Kosher salt pepper, Dijon mustard, BBQ chips, dark sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: BBQ Potato Chip-Crusted Salmon with Watercress Salad | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 pounds skin-on center-cut salmon; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard; 1 cup crushed BBQ chips; 1/4 cup dark brown sugar; 1 tablespoon chili powder; 6 scallions, white and light green parts only, chopped; 1 clove garlic; Zest of 1 lime (reserve the juice for the salad); 2 teaspoons honey; 1 teaspoon white wine vinegar; Juice of 1 lime; 1/2 jalapeno, diced; 1/3 cup olive oil; 5 cups watercress | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. For the salmon: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper and place the salmon in the center skin-side down. Season with 1 teaspoon salt and 1/2 teaspoon pepper. Spread the Dijon evenly on the flesh side of the salmon. In a food processor, combine the BBQ chips, sugar, chili powder, scallions, garlic and lime zest and pulse until combined and the consistency of coarse bread crumbs. Press the mixture onto the mustard on the flesh side of the salmon. Bake until the chip mixture is golden brown and crunchy, about 15 minutes. For the <END>
INPUT: Mexican, tamarind, breast, cumin seed, coriander, pepper, shallots
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tamarind Glazed Duck Breast with Thai Red Curry Tamale Green Papaya and Corn Salsa | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 teaspoon cumin seed; 1 teaspoon coriander; 1 teaspoon black pepper; 1/2 cup sliced shallots; 4 tablespoons, chopped garlic; 1/4 cup lemon grass, finely chopped; 2 tablespoons galangal, finely chopped; 1/2 cup cilantro leaves, chopped; 8 Thai bird chiles, soaked in hot water for 15 minutes and pureed; 2 tablespoons tomato paste; 2 limes, juiced; 1 teaspoon shrimp paste; 4 duck legs; Salt and pepper, to taste; 1 cup onion, chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: In a small saute pan, dry roast the cumin, coriander, and pepper until fragrant, about 2 to 3 minutes and then grind into a powder. In a food processor, puree the shallots, garlic, lemon grass, galangal, and cilantro. Add the pureed chiles, tomato paste, lime juice, shrimp paste, ground spices, and blend until smooth.; In a heavy bottomed pot over high heat, season the duck legs with salt and pepper and sear until golden brown. Remove the duck legs and using the same pot, saute the onions until they are translucent. Add the curry paste to the onions and cook over medium heat for 4 minutes. Add <END>
INPUT: baja, orange, lobster tails, avocado, mango, scallions
OUTPUT: TITLE: Baja Lobster and Mango Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 large orange; 2 cooked lobster tails, shelled and meat chopped into bite-sized pieces; 1/2 firm but ripe avocado, pitted, peeled and flesh diced; 1 mango, peeled, pitted and diced; 2 finely chopped scallions, white and pale green parts only; 2 cups mixed baby greens salad mix; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1 large lime, juiced; Salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Salad: Using a sharp knife, remove the peel and white pith from the orange. Working over a small bowl, slice between the membranes to release the orange segments, letting the juice and segments fall into the bowl (reserve the juice for the dressing). Using a slotted spoon, transfer the orange segments to a large bowl. Add the lobster, avocados, mango, and scallions. Dressing: In a small bowl, whisk together the olive oil and lime juice. Whisk 2 tablespoons of the reserved orange juice into the dressing and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Pour the dressing  <END>
INPUT: shrimp, flour, egg, beer, Salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Coconut Shrimp | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 5 large shrimp; 3 tablespoons flour; 1/2 egg; 3 tablespoons beer; Salt and pepper; Sugar; 1/2 cup shredded coconut; 1 cup frying oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Remove skin from shrimp, leave tails attached. Butterfly shrimp 1/2 way, dust with flour. Mix flour, egg, beer, salt, pepper and sugar creating a batter. Dip shrimp into batter without dipping the tails, then dip into coconut. Refrigerate for 15 minutes minimum. Heat oil to 325 degrees F. Deep fry shrimp. <END>
INPUT: Asian, soup, leek, carrot, hunk ginger, coriander seeds, peppercorns
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sweet Corn and Chicken Soup | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1 leek, green parts too if you have 'em, sliced in half and thoroughly washed; 1 carrot, chopped in half; 3-inch hunk fresh ginger; 1 teaspoon whole coriander seeds; 1 teaspoon whole black peppercorns; 2 chicken breasts on the bone, with skin; 3 (14-ounce) cans creamed-style corn; 2 chicken bouillon cubes, crumbled; 3 tablespoons finely chopped fresh ginger; 4 scallions, chopped finely, white and green parts (reserve some green for final garnish); 1 teaspoon sesame oil; 1/4 cup cornstarch; 1/4 cup cold water; 2 egg whites; 1 teaspoon unseasoned rice vinegar | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: cheesecloth Pour 10 cups water into a big stock pot and bring to a boil over high heat. While it's coming to temp, throw in the leek, carrot, and hunk of ginger. Place the coriander and peppercorns into a small square of cheesecloth. Tie with kitchen string and add to the pot. Skin the chicken breasts, remove any excess fat, and throw the chicken breasts into the pot. Allow the whole lot to come to a boil, and then turn it down and simmer, covered, until the chicken is cooked and tender, 20 to 30 minutes. Remove the chicken and allow to cool. Strain the stock and discard the <END>
INPUT: rosemary leaves, thyme leaves, garlic, coarse salt, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Standing Rib Roast with Potatoes and Portobello Mushrooms | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon chopped fresh rosemary leaves; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh thyme leaves; 2 garlic cloves, chopped; 1 1/2 teaspoons coarse salt; 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; a 3-rib standing beef rib roast (about 8 1/2 pounds), all but 1/4-inch layer of fat removed; 1 tablespoon vegetable oil; 5 pounds russet (baking) potatoes (about 10); 1 1/2 pounds Portobello mushrooms, wiped clean; 1 3/4 cups beef broth (a 15 1/2-ounce can); 1 cup water; a beurre manié made by kneading together 1 tablespoon softened unsalted butter and 1 tablespoon all-purpose flour; Garnish: chopped fresh flat-leafed parsley leaves (wash and dry before chopping) | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 475°F. Make seasoning mixture: In a small bowl stir together seasoning mixture ingredients. Put roast, ribs side down, in center of a flameproof roasting pan, 18 by 12 by 2 inches, and rub oil on top and sides of beef so herbs will adhere. Reserve 1 tablespoon seasoning mixture and rub remainder on top and sides of beef. Roast beef in lower third of oven 20 minutes. Peel potatoes and halve crosswise. Remove pan from oven and skim all but about 1/2 cup fat from pan with a bulb baster or spoon. Arrange potatoes around beef and turn with tongs to coat with fat. Season potatoes wit <END>
INPUT: cupcake, flat bottomed wafer, all purpose flour, baking soda, salt, brewed decaffeinated coffee
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate Cupcake Cones | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 14 flat-bottomed wafer ice-cream cones; 1 cup all-purpose flour; 1/2 teaspoon baking soda; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 3/4 cup plus 2 tablespoons brewed decaffeinated coffee; 5 ounces unsweetened chocolate, chopped; 3/4 cup (1 1/2 sticks) unsalted butter; 1 1/2 cups plus 2 tablespoons sugar; 1 large egg, lightly beaten; 1 1/2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract; 1/2 tablespoon instant espresso; 1/2 cup heavy cream | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat oven to 350 degrees F. Stand cones on an ungreased baking sheet. In a mixing bowl, whisk together the flour, baking soda, and salt; set dry ingredients aside. Set a medium saucepan full of water over medium heat; bring water to a boil. Reduce heat to medium high, and let water simmer. In the heatproof bowl of an electric mixer, combine brewed coffee, 2 1/2 ounces chocolate, and 1/2 cup (1 stick) butter. Set bowl over simmering water, stirring occasionally, until the butter and chocolate have melted. Remove bowl from heat; stir in 1 cup sugar. Transfer bowl to mixer. Add the reserved dry i <END>
INPUT: wrapped, filling, pork loin, pancetta, Parmesan cheese, breadcrumbs, parsley
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pancetta-Wrapped Pork with Breadcrumb Filling and Tomatoes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 10 ounces boneless pork loin, cut into 1/4-inch-thick cutlets; 16 thin pancetta slices; 1/2 cup freshly grated Parmesan cheese; 1/4 cup fresh breadcrumbs; 1/4 cup chopped fresh parsley; 1 garlic clove, minced; 5 tablespoons olive oil; 1 large onion, thinly sliced; 1 tablespoon fennel seeds; 1 1-pint basket cherry tomatoes, halved; 1/2 cup dry white wine | INSTRUCTIONS: Pound cutlets between sheets of waxed paper to 1/8-inch thickness. Overlap 2 pancetta slices on work surface to form oval of same size as pork. Place 1 pork cutlet atop pancetta. Repeat with remaining pancetta and pork. Mix Parmesan, breadcrumbs, parsley and garlic in small bowl. Mix in 2 tablespoons oil. Season with salt and pepper. Divide mixture among cutlets. Fold in short ends and roll up pork and pancetta, enclosing filling completely. Use toothpicks to secure rolls. Heat remaining 3 tablespoons oil in heavy large skillet over medium-high heat. Add rolls and cook until pancetta is crisp, <END>
INPUT: Asian, shabu, sake, water, Miso Dipping Sauce, Soy Sauce Dipping
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sake Pork Shabu Shabu | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups sake; 2 cups water; 10 1/2 ounces (300 grams) thinly sliced pork or beef; Miso Dipping Sauce, recipe follows; Soy Sauce Dipping Sauce, recipe follows; 2 1/2 ounces (70 grams) red miso; 4 tablespoons granulated sugar; 1 tablespoon ground sesame seeds; 1 tablespoon Japanese mustard (Karashi); 1/4 cup sake; 1/2 cup soy sauce; 4 tablespoons granulated sugar; 2 tablespoons finely chopped ginger; 1 teaspoon hot pepper sauce; 3 tablespoons rice wine vinegar | INSTRUCTIONS: Pour sake and water into a large frying pan or wok and bring to boil. Once boiled, turn down heat and simmer. Cook pork slices 1 at a time. Remove each slice and cool in a strainer. Place cool pork slices on a plate and refrigerate while making dipping sauce. Serve with Miso Dipping Sauce and Soy Sauce Dipping Sauce. Place all ingredients in a pot and bring to a boil, stirring constantly, until the sugar is dissolved. The consistency of the sauce should be that of gravy. Once this is achieved pour sauce into a bowl and serve with chilled pork slices. Both the miso dipping sauce and the soy sau <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, crust, Kalamata olives other, olives, oil sun tomatoes, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Salmon with Breadcrumb, Olive and Sun-Dried Tomato Crust | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup chopped pitted Kalamata olives or other brine-cured black olives; 1/4 cup chopped pitted green olives; 1/4 cup chopped drained oil-packed sun-dried tomatoes; 3 garlic cloves, minced; 2 tablespoons (1/4 stick) butter, melted; 1 1/2 teaspoons chopped fresh rosemary; 1 1/2 teaspoons chopped fresh thyme; 5 1/2 teaspoons Dijon mustard; 1 cup panko (Japanese breadcrumbs)*; 4 5- to 6-ounce salmon fillets | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 400°F. Mix black and green olives, sun-dried tomatoes, garlic, butter, rosemary and thyme in medium bowl. Mix in 1 1/2 teaspoons Dijon mustard, then breadcrumbs. Butter large baking sheet. Place salmon fillets on prepared sheet. Spread 1 teaspoon mustard over each. Pack 1/4 of breadcrumb mixture onto each mustard-coated fillet. Bake until fillets are just opaque in center, about 12 minutes. *Available in Asian markets and in the Asian foods section of some supermarkets. Preheat oven to 400°F. Mix black and green olives, sun-dried tomatoes, garlic, butter, rosemary and thyme in  <END>
INPUT: dressing, creme fraiche, grain mustard, cider vinegar, honey, Kosher salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fried Brussels Sprouts with Creamy Mustard and Cider Dressing | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2/3 cup creme fraiche; 1/3 cup whole-grain mustard; 2 tablespoons cider vinegar; 1 tablespoon honey; Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper; 1/2 cup canola oil; 4 cups sliced Brussels sprouts (quartered or cut into sixths, depending on size) | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. In a small mixing bowl, whisk together the creme fraiche, mustard, vinegar and honey. Season with salt and pepper and set aside. In a straight-sided shallow saute pan, heat the canola oil over medium-high heat. Add the Brussels sprouts; they should begin to sizzle and fry immediately. Continue to cook, rotating the Brussels sprouts on all sides, until crispy, about 5 minutes. Drain the Brussels sprouts and toss in enough vinaigrette to dress them. Season with salt and pepper and serve. <END>
INPUT: American, salad, caesar, romaine lettuce, bacon, crumbled cheese, Parmesan, olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Bacon and Blue Cheese Salad with Caesar Dressing | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 large romaine lettuce head, torn into bite-size pieces; 6 bacon slices, cooked, crumbled; 1/2 cup crumbled blue cheese (about 2 ounces); 1/2 cup freshly grated Parmesan (about 2 ounces); 1/4 cup plus 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1/4 cup plus 2 tablespoons vegetable oil; 1/4 cup fresh lemon juice; 2 garlic cloves; 1 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce Makes about 1 cup; 1 cup Garlic Croutons; 2 tablespoons (1/4 stick) butter; 1/4 cup olive oil; 2 large garlic cloves, pressed; 4 French bread slices, cut into 3/4-inch cubes | INSTRUCTIONS: To make the salad: Place first 3 ingredients in large bowl. Add enough dressing to season to taste and toss well. Garnish salad with croutons and serve. Place first 3 ingredients in large bowl. Add enough dressing to season to taste and toss well. Garnish salad with croutons and serve. To make the easy caesar dressing: Combine all ingredients in blender or processor. Blend until smooth. Season to taste with salt and pepper. (Can be prepared 2 days ahead. Cover and refrigerate.) Combine all ingredients in blender or processor. Blend until smooth. Season to taste with salt and pepper. (Can be pr <END>
INPUT: salad, balsamic vinegar, radicchio, spinach, endive, watercress
OUTPUT: TITLE: Asparagus Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 cups balsamic vinegar; 1 head radicchio, julienned; 1 bunch fresh spinach, cleaned and chopped; 2 heads endive, julienned; 1 bunch watercress; 1 bunch arugula, cleaned and stems cut back; 6 shallots, diced; 24 spears pencil asparagus, blanched and refreshed; 3 plum tomatoes, quartered; 1/4 tablespoon olive oil; 1 carrot, peeled and shaved into strips with peeler | INSTRUCTIONS: In a saucepan reduce balsamic vinegar until thick and malty. Place in a squirt bottle. In a large mixing bowl, place radicchio, spinach, endive, watercress and arugula. Toss until mixed well. Set aside. In a small bowl, combine shallots, asparagus and the tomato. Add just a touch of balsamic reduction and the olive oil. Mix to coat the vegetables. On a plate, place salad mix, then asparagus mixture, then carrot strips. Top with a light squirt of balsamic reduction and salt and pepper serve <END>
INPUT: Mexican, hominy, chowder, portobellos, kosher salt, sugar, water, olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spicy Chipotle, Portobello, and Hominy Chowder | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 pounds large portobellos, stems and black gills removed; 3/4 cup kosher salt; 3/4 cup sugar; 1 1/2 quarts water; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1 pound slice yellow onion; 2 stemmed and seeded chopped chipotles; 1 tablespoon finely slivered garlic; 2 cups husked and quartered fresh tomatillos; 1/2 teaspoon whole fennel; 1/2 teaspoon cumin; 1/2 teaspoon coriander seeds; 2 teaspoons dried oregano; 1/4 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 2 cups diced and seeded tomatoes | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Rinse the mushrooms and set aside. In a saucepan, add the salt and sugar to the water, and simmer over moderate heat until salt and sugar are dissolved. Remove from heat, cool to room temperature, and add mushrooms to brine. Allow to marinate for at least 2 hours. Remove mushrooms from brine and gently press between towels to remove excess moisture. On a bbq or stovetop smoker over moderately low heat, gently smoke mushrooms until just cooked through. Set aside to add to finished chowder. To make chowder, heat the olive oil in a deep soup pot. Add the onions, chi <END>
INPUT: wine vinegar, sugar, peppercorns, mango, pork chops
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mango-Black Pepper Glazed Grilled Pork Chops | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup red wine vinegar; 1/4 cup sugar; 1 tablespoon whole black peppercorns; 1 large mango, peeled and pureed; 4 pork chops, about 5 ounces each; Olive oil; Salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Place vinegar, sugar and peppercorns in a saucepan and reduce until thickened, strain into a bowl whisk in mango puree and let cool. Preheat grill. Brush pork chops with olive oil on both sides and season with salt. Grill for 5 minutes on each side for medium doneness. Remove and brush liberally with the glaze. <END>
INPUT: good olive oil, onions, wine vinegar, light sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Stuffed Cabbage | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons good olive oil; 1 1/2 cups chopped yellow onions (2 onions); 2 (28-ounce) cans crushed tomatoes and their juice; 1/4 cup red wine vinegar; 1/2 cup light brown sugar, lightly packed; 1/2 cup raisins; 1 1/2 teaspoons kosher salt; 3/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 1 large head Savoy or green cabbage, including outer leaves; 2 1/2 pounds ground chuck; 3 extra-large eggs, lightly beaten; 1/2 cup finely chopped yellow onions; 1/2 cup plain dried breadcrumbs; 1/2 cup uncooked white rice; 1 teaspoon minced fresh thyme leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. For the sauce, heat the olive oil in a large saucepan, add the onions, and cook over medium-low heat for 8 minutes, until the onions are translucent. Add the tomatoes, vinegar, brown sugar, raisins, salt, and pepper. Bring to a boil, then lower the heat and simmer uncovered for 30 minutes, stirring occasionally. Set aside. Meanwhile, bring a large pot of water to a boil. Remove the entire core of the cabbage with a paring knife. Immerse the head of cabbage in the boiling water for a few minutes, peeling off each leaf with tongs as soon as it s flexible. Set the l <END>
INPUT: Asian, soup, canola oil, carrots, onion, ginger, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pork and Udon Noodle Soup | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 4 tablespoons canola oil, divided; 2 medium carrots, chopped; 1 small white onion, chopped; 2 tablespoons chopped ginger; 4 cloves garlic, chopped; 1 habanero, seeded and chopped (or a milder chile if preferred); 2 cups shiitake mushrooms, chopped; 1 head Chinese cabbage, chopped; 2 tablespoons tamari soy sauce, plus more for drizzling; 8 cups chicken stock; 2 cups shredded Simple Roasted Pork Shoulder, recipe follows; 1 (7-ounce package) udon noodles, prepared according to package directions; 1 cup fresh cilantro leaves, for garnish; 1 cup bean sprouts, for garnish; Lime wedges, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat a large stockpot or Dutch oven over medium-high heat. Add 2 tablespoons oil. Add the carrots and onions and saute until they begin to caramelize. Next, add the ginger, garlic and habanero. Saute until the vegetables become aromatic, about 1 minute. Add the remaining 2 tablespoons oil and the mushrooms and cabbage. Stir in the tamari sauce, chicken stock and pork. Reduce the heat to low, cover and let simmer about 20 minutes. To serve, divide the prepared noodles between 4 entree-size bowls. Ladle the soup into the bowls and garnish each with cilantro leaves, bean sprouts and lime wedges.  <END>
INPUT: haitian, unsalted butter, olive oil, garlic, celery, carrot
OUTPUT: TITLE: Haitian Shrimp | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 3 cloves garlic, minced; 1 small rib celery, finely chopped; 1 small carrot, finely chopped; 1/2 small onion, finely chopped; 2 large ripe tomatoes, peeled, seeded, and chopped; 1/4 teaspoon cayenne pepper; 1/2 small bunch flat leaf parsley, leaves only, finely chopped; 1/2 teaspoon sugar; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 2 pounds medium raw shrimp, peeled and deveined; 1/4 cup white wine | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large skillet, heat the butter and the olive oil over low heat. Add the garlic, celery, carrot, onion, tomatoes, cayenne, half of the parsley, sugar, salt, and black pepper. Cover the pan and raise the heat to medium low. Simmer the mixture for about 5 minutes, until the vegetables are tender. Add the shrimp, cover the pan and cook for 3 minutes. Add the wine and the remaining parsley and stir until the liquid comes to a bare simmer. Remove from the heat and serve, accompanied by white or yellow rice. <END>
INPUT: crusted, popped popcorn, panko breadcrumbs, cornstarch, Kosher salt pepper, all purpose flour
OUTPUT: TITLE: Popcorn-Crusted Popcorn Shrimp | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 cups popped popcorn; 1/2 cup panko breadcrumbs; 1 tablespoon cornstarch; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1/3 cup all-purpose flour; 2 large eggs; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; Pinch of cayenne pepper; Grated zest of 1 lemon, plus 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice; Vegetable oil, for frying; 1 pound medium shrimp, peeled and deveined; 1/2 cup mayonnaise | INSTRUCTIONS: Pulse the popcorn, panko, cornstarch, 1/2 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of black pepper in a food processor until coarsely ground. Transfer to a rimmed baking sheet. Combine the flour, 1/2 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of black pepper in a medium bowl; set aside. Beat the eggs in a separate bowl; set aside. Melt the butter with the cayenne, half of the lemon zest and a pinch of salt in a small saucepan; set aside. Heat 2 inches vegetable oil in a large deep skillet or heavy-bottomed pot until a deep-fry thermometer registers 350 degrees F. Working in batches, toss the shrimp in the flour mix <END>
INPUT: lemonade, sugar, unsweetened pineapple juice, seltzer, lemon juice, lemon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pineapple Lemonade | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups sugar; 2 cups unsweetened pineapple juice; 2 cups seltzer; 1 cup fresh lemon juice; 8 lemon slices; 8 mint sprigs | INSTRUCTIONS: In a saucepan combine the sugar with 2 cups water, bring the mixture to a boil over moderately high heat, stirring until the sugar is dissolved, and simmer the syrup, undisturbed, for 10 minutes. Let the syrup cool and stir in the pineapple juice, the seltzer, and the lemon juice. Pour the mixture into tall glasses filled with ice cubes and garnish the drinks with the lemon slices and the mint sprigs. In a saucepan combine the sugar with 2 cups water, bring the mixture to a boil over moderately high heat, stirring until the sugar is dissolved, and simmer the syrup, undisturbed, for 10 minutes. <END>
INPUT: blackened, salad oil, fish blackening seasoning
OUTPUT: TITLE: Blackened Catfish | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 ounce salad oil; 2 (5 to 8-ounce) catfish fillets; 2 ounces fish blackening seasoning | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat a 12-inch cast iron skillet over high heat. When the skillet is hot, add the oil. Season both sides of each catfish fillet with the blackening seasoning and place in skillet. Cook fillets for 5 minutes on each side. <END>
INPUT: American, benedict, hollandaise, egg yolks, Juice lemon, adobo sauce, Kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Steak and Eggs Benedict with Spicy Hollandaise | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 3 large egg yolks; Juice of 1/2 lemon, plus more if needed; 2 sticks (1 cup) salted butter, melted and hot; 1 teaspoon adobo sauce, plus more if needed; Kosher salt; Two 12-ounce tenderloin steaks, about 2 inches thick; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; Butter, for the skillet; 4 large eggs; Garlic Butter English Muffins, recipe follows; Cayenne pepper, for serving; 4 tablespoons (1/2 stick) salted butter; 1 clove garlic, finely grated; 2 English muffins, halved; 2 tablespoons finely grated Parmesan | INSTRUCTIONS: For the hollandaise sauce: Add the egg yolks and lemon juice to a blender and blend for several seconds. With the blender running, slowly drizzle in the melted butter. Turn off the machine and add the adobo and some salt. Blend again and taste, adding more salt, adobo or lemon juice. Set aside and keep warm. For the steak and eggs: Heat a large skillet over medium-high heat. Slice the steaks in half so you have four 1-inch-thick steaks. Pat them dry and season with salt and pepper. When the skillet is hot, add the steaks and cook until they are done to your liking. Remove them to a plate, cove <END>
INPUT: melts, olive oil, garlic, salt, pepper, cauliflower
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cauliflower Melts | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup olive oil; 2 garlic cloves, minced; 1 teaspoon salt; 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground pepper; Medium head of cauliflower, cut into 1/2-inch-thick slabs, possibly halved to make a total of 8 slabs; 1/2 cup golden raisins; 1/4 cup white wine (optional); 1/4 cup shelled pistachios; 8 1/2-inch-thick slices sourdough bread; 4 ounces Comte or Manchego cheese, cut into 8 slices; 2 tablespoons chopped parsley | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. Preheat the oven to 350°F and line a baking sheet with parchment paper. 2. In a medium bowl, combine the oil, garlic, salt, and pepper. Add the cauliflower slabs and toss to coat. 3. Arrange the cauliflower on the prepared baking sheet. Bake for 25 minutes, flip the slabs, and bake another 10 to 20 minutes, until softened and roasty. Set aside to cool but keep the oven on. 4. Meanwhile, in a small bowl, soak the raisins in wine or water for 10 minutes. Drain. 5. In a small pan over medium-high heat, toast the pistachios, dry or with a little oil. Let cool on a paper towel, then chop coarsel <END>
INPUT: Asian, mirin sherry, miso paste, light sugar, sesame seeds, wild salmon fillet
OUTPUT: TITLE: Asian Salmon Rolls | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons mirin or dry sherry; 2 tablespoons white miso paste; 2 tablespoons packed light brown sugar; 1 tablespoon sesame seeds; 1 pound skinless wild salmon fillet, sliced lengthwise into 4 pieces; 1/2 cup mayonnaise; 2 to 3 teaspoons wasabi paste; 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice; 1 avocado; 4 club rolls or other sub rolls, split open; 2 cups watercress, tough stems removed; 1 tablespoon toasted sesame oil; 1 teaspoon soy sauce; Kosher salt; 1/2 large cucumber, peeled and thinly sliced | INSTRUCTIONS: Whisk the mirin, miso paste, brown sugar and 1 tablespoon water in a large shallow dish; stir in the sesame seeds. Add the salmon, turning to coat; cover and refrigerate 1 hour or overnight. Whisk the mayonnaise, wasabi paste and lemon juice in a bowl. Dice the avocado and stir it into the mayonnaise mixture; set aside. Preheat the broiler. Arrange the rolls, cut-side up, on a foil-lined baking sheet and broil until lightly toasted, about 1 minute. Remove to a plate and brush the cut sides with the avocado mayonnaise. Toss the watercress with the sesame oil, soy sauce and some salt; divide amo <END>
INPUT: Mexican, cowboy, chili powder, paprika, cumin, garlic powder, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cowboy Chili | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 4 tablespoons chili powder; 4 tablespoons paprika; 2 teaspoons ground cumin; 1/2 teaspoon garlic powder; 4 teaspoons salt; 6 tablespoons all-purpose flour; 4 pounds ground beef; 6 cups water | INSTRUCTIONS: Mix chili powder, paprika, cumin, garlic powder, salt, and flour together in a small bowl. Brown meat over medium-high heat in a 6-quart pot or 14-inch Dutch oven. Add spice mixture and stir well. Add water gradually and stir well. Reduce heat to low and simmer for about 45 minutes. <END>
INPUT: fondue, button mushrooms, virgin olive oil, Kosher salt pepper, unsalted butter, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fondue Stuffed Mushrooms | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 pounds button mushrooms (about 30), stemmed; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 2 cloves garlic, chopped; 3/4 cup panko breadcrumbs, plus more for topping; 1/4 cup finely chopped fresh parsley; Finely grated zest of 1 lemon; 6 ounces raclette cheese, cut into about 30 half-inch cubes | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Set a rack on a rimmed baking sheet. Toss the mushrooms with the olive oil; season with salt and pepper. Arrange open-side down on the rack. Bake until tender, about 30 minutes. Meanwhile, melt the butter in a medium skillet over medium heat. Add the garlic and cook until softened, about 2 minutes. Add the panko and cook, stirring occasionally, until golden, about 5 minutes. Stir in the parsley, lemon zest and 1/2 teaspoon salt. Turn the mushrooms open-side up. Fill each with 1/2 teaspoon of the panko mixture and a cube of cheese; sprinkle with more of the pa <END>
INPUT: Indian, ambrosia, salad, cheese, buttermilk, sour cream, wine vinegar, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cardamom Ambrosia Salad with Blue Cheese Dressing | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 2 1/2 ounces blue cheese; 3 tablespoons buttermilk; 3 tablespoons sour cream; 2 teaspoons white wine vinegar; 1/4 teaspoon sugar; Salt and freshly ground black pepper to taste; 2 oranges, cut into suprêmes; 1 grapefruit, cut into suprêmes; 2 Champagne mangoes, peeled, pitted, and thinly sliced; 2 Anjou pears, cored and thinly sliced; 1/2 cup shredded fresh coconut; 3 ounces pitted dates, coarsely chopped, plus more for garnish; 1/4 cup slivered almonds; 3/4 teaspoon ground cardamom; 2 teaspoons coconut water | INSTRUCTIONS: Make the dressing: Mash the cheese in a small bowl with a fork. Add the remaining ingredients and whisk until combined but still a bit lumpy. Mash the cheese in a small bowl with a fork. Add the remaining ingredients and whisk until combined but still a bit lumpy. Make the salad: Combine the orange, grapefruit, mango, and pear slices in a medium bowl. Add the shredded coconut, dates, and almonds, then sprinkle with the cardamom, add the coconut water, and thoroughly toss the salad. Add the dressing and toss together. Divided the salad among individual bowls or serve it in a large bowl for a fa <END>
INPUT: Italian, garlic, onion, bacon, Sopresatta sausage, chicken stock
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pasta with Radicchio, Bacon, and Spinach/Steamed Artichokes | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 head garlic; 1 onion, chopped; 1/2 pound bacon; 1/4 pound dry Sopresatta sausage; 1/2 cup chicken stock; 1/4 cup olive oil; 1 pound pasta (any style); 3 cups baby spinach; 1/2 cup sliced basil; 1/2 head radicchio; 1/2 can garbonzo beans (or chickpeas); 1/2 cup Parmesan; Salt and pepper, to taste; 4 steamed artichokes; 1 pinch saffron | INSTRUCTIONS: Cut off top of garlic head, wrap in foil and put in a preheated 375 degree oven for 20minutes. Saute onion, bacon, garlic and sopresatta. Add chicken stock, olive oil and roasted garlic squeezed out of shell. Cook pasta aldente and add to sauce. Add spinach, basil, radicchio, garbonzo beans, Parmesan, salt and pepper to taste. Artichoke Dip In blender put saffron, cayenne, garlic, bell pepper, 2 teaspoons water, salt and lemon juice and puree. Add mayonnaise. Serve as a dip for steamed artichokes. <END>
INPUT: collards, gravy, canola oil, sweet onion, garlic, Coarse kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Braised Collards in Tomato-Onion Gravy | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 ripe, medium Roma tomatoes, cored; 2 teaspoons canola oil; 1 sweet onion, chopped; 3 garlic cloves; Coarse kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 16 cups chopped collard greens (1 pound) | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat a medium skillet over high heat. Add the cored tomatoes and cook until they are charred on all sides, about 5 minutes. Remove to the bowl of a food processor fitted with the metal blade. Let the skillet cool slightly by taking it off the heat or decreasing the heat, depending on how smoking-hot your skillet is. Have the heat at low and add the oil (the skillet will still hold a great deal of heat). Add the onion and garlic, and saute, stirring occasionally, until both are a deep golden-brown, 8 to 10 minutes. Remove from the heat and let them cool slightly. Transfer to the food processor  <END>
INPUT: American, squares, crust, chocolate sandwich cookies, vanilla ice cream, cranberry sauce, orange liqueur
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cranberry Ice-Cream Squares with Chocolate-Cookie Crust | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound chocolate sandwich cookies (about 42); 1 quart vanilla ice cream; 1 1/2 cups whole-cranberry sauce; 1 tablespoon orange liqueur | INSTRUCTIONS: In a food processor, grind the cookies fine and pat 1/2 the cookie crumbs firmly into the bottom of a 9-inch square baking pan lined with plastic wrap. In a large bowl of an electric mixer, beat the ice cream with the paddle attachment until it is softened. Add the cranberry sauce and the liqueur, and beat the mixture until it is just combined. Spread the ice-cream mixture over the cookie crust, sprinkle the top with the remaining cookie crumbs. Place in the freezer, covered for 6 hours, or until it is firm. Remove from the freezer and invert a platter over the pan, then invert the pan onto th <END>
INPUT: cake, sauce, sugar, bittersweet chocolate, unsweetened chocolate, eggs
OUTPUT: TITLE: Bittersweet Chocolate Cake with Chocolate Sauce and Toasted Almond Cream | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup sugar plus 1 1/2 tablespoons; 3 ounces bittersweet chocolate, roughly chopped; 3 1/2 ounces unsweetened chocolate, roughly chopped; 9 tablespoons (1 stick plus 1 tablespoon) butter, cubed; 3 large eggs, at room temperature; 3 ounces bittersweet chocolate; 1/2 cup heavy cream; Cocoa powder, for garnish; Chocolate curls, for garnish; 2 cups heavy cream; 1 cup toasted almonds; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract | INSTRUCTIONS: To make the cake, preheat the oven to 300 degrees F. In a medium saucepan, combine the 1/2 cup of sugar with 1/3 cup water and bring to a boil, stirring, over high heat. Meanwhile, combine the chocolates and the butter in a medium bowl. When the sugar mixture boils, pour it over the chocolates and stir until blended. Set aside. In a mixing bowl, combine the 11/2 tablespoons sugar and the eggs. Using a mixer set at high speed, whip the eggs and sugar until the mixture falls back onto itself in a slowly dissolving ribbon-like pattern when the beater is lifted. Add 1/3 of the egg mixture to the c <END>
INPUT: American, pecan, all purpose flour, sugar, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Caramelized-Apple and Pecan Pie | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups all purpose flour; 1 tablespoon sugar; 3/4 teaspoon salt; 10 tablespoons (1 1/4 sticks) chilled unsalted butter, cut into 1/2-inch cubes; 5 tablespoons (about) chilled orange juice, divided; 1 large egg white, beaten to blend; 1 1/2 cups (packed) golden brown sugar; 3/4 cup (1 1/2 sticks) unsalted butter, diced; 3 Albemarle Pippin apples or Fuji apples (1 1/2 to 1 3/4 pounds), peeled,quartered, cored; 3/4 cup sugar; 2 tablespoons all purpose flour; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 4 large eggs; 1/4 cup light corn syrup; 2 teaspoons vanilla extract | INSTRUCTIONS: For crust: Blend flour, sugar, and salt in processor 5 seconds. Add butter. Using on/off turns, blend until butter is reduced to small pea-size pieces. Add 4 tablespoons orange juice. Blend, using on/off turns, until moist clumps form, adding more juice by teaspoonfuls if dough is dry. Gather dough into ball; flatten into disk. Wrap in plastic and chill at least 1 hour. DO AHEAD: Can be made 1 day ahead. Keep chilled. Roll out dough on floured surface to 14-inch round. Transfer to 10-inch-diameter glass pie dish. Cut off all but 1/2 inch of dough overhang. Fold dough edge under and crimp decor <END>
INPUT: Asian, salad, peanut oil, sesame seeds, Salt pepper, Chinese cabbage
OUTPUT: TITLE: Asian Sesame Chicken Salad | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1/3 cup peanut oil; 2/3 cups sesame seeds; 4 boneless, skinless chicken breast halves, 5 to 6 ounces each, pounded evenly to about half their original thickness; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 small head Chinese cabbage; 1 (2-inch) piece fresh ginger; 2 tablespoons fish sauce or soy sauce; 2 tablespoons rice wine vinegar; 2 tablespoons toasted sesame oil; 1 lime; 2 (8-ounce) cans sliced water chestnuts; 6 scallions; 1 medium red bell pepper; 10 sprigs cilantro | INSTRUCTIONS: Put the peanut oil in a heavy skillet large enough to hold all the chicken in 1 layer without crowding. Put the skillet over medium-low heat. Spread the sesame seeds on a pie plate or waxed paper. Season the breasts with salt and pepper and press into the sesame seeds to coat both sides evenly. Put in the skillet, raise the heat to medium-high, and cook for 5 minutes on each side, gently turning the breasts with a spatula, until the meat is firm and no pink shows in the middle. Reduce the heat if needed to prevent burning. Meanwhile, trim the bottom 1/2-inch from the cabbage and remove any dam <END>
INPUT: American, cheese, fusilli pasta, olive oil, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fusilli with Spinach and Asiago Cheese | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound fusilli pasta; 1/4 cup olive oil; 1 garlic clove, minced; 1 (9-ounce) bag fresh spinach, roughly chopped; 8 ounces (1/2 pint) cherry tomatoes, halved; 1 cup (about 3 1/2-ounces) grated Asiago; 1/2 cup grated Parmesan; 1 teaspoon salt; 3/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil over high heat. Add the pasta and cook until tender but still firm to the bite, stirring occasionally, about 8 to 10 minutes. Drain pasta reserving 1/2 cup of the cooking liquid. Meanwhile, warm olive oil in a large, heavy skillet over medium-high heat. Add the garlic and cook until fragrant, about 2 minutes. Add the spinach and tomatoes and cook until the spinach wilts, about 2 more minutes. Add the cooked pasta and toss. Add the cheeses, salt, pepper, and the pasta cooking liquid and stir to combine. Transfer the past <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, couscous, boiling vegetable stock, salt, olive oil, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Baked Couscous with Spinach and Pine Nuts | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup couscous; 1 1/2 cups boiling vegetable stock, or water; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/4 cup olive oil; 3 garlic cloves, minced; 1 large onion, diced; 1 (28ounce) can tomatoes, finely chopped and drained (reserve 1/3 cup juice); 1 1/2 tablespoons minced fresh basil, or 1 teaspoon dried; 1/3 cup pine nuts; 5 cups (about 5 ounces) loosely packed fresh spinach, stems removed and leaves torn into small pieces; Freshly ground black pepper to taste; 1 cup grated Fontina cheese | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine the couscous, boiling stock or water, and salt in a large bowl; cover with a plate. Let sit 5 minutes, then fluff with a fork. Preheat the oven to 375 degrees. Heat the olive oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Saute the garlic and onion 10 minutes, or until tender. Add the drained tomatoes and cook 10 minutes more, stirring frequently. Stir the tomato mixture into the couscous and mix in the reserved tomato juice, basil, pine nuts, raw spinach, and pepper. Spread half the couscous mixture into a 12 by 7 by 2-inch baking dish or other shallow (2 1/2 quart) baking dish. Sprinkle on <END>
INPUT: Italian, tart, Vegetable, leeks, olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tomato-Leek-Bacon Tart | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: Vegetable cooking spray; 1/2 (15-ounce) package refrigerated piecrusts; 1 (8-ounce) package shredded Italian three-cheese blend, divided; 3 medium leeks, thinly sliced (about 1 cup); 2 tablespoons olive oil; 8 plum tomatoes, sliced; 1 cup loosely packed fresh basil leaves, coarsely chopped; 3 garlic cloves, coarsely chopped; 1/2 (2.1-ounce) package fully cooked bacon slices, chopped; 1/2 cup mayonnaise; 1/4 cup freshly grated Parmesan; 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice; 1/2 teaspoon pepper; Garnish: fresh basil sprigs | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F. Coat a 9-inch tart pan with cooking spray. Fit piecrust into pan according to package directions. Bake for 10 minutes or until golden. Remove crust from oven; sprinkle with 1 cup of the cheese blend. Lower the oven to 375 degrees F. Saute leeks in hot oil in a skillet over medium-high heat until tender; sprinkle over crust. Arrange tomatoes over leeks; sprinkle with basil and garlic. Stir together remaining 1 cup cheese blend, chopped bacon, and next 4 ingredients in a bowl. Spoon cheese mixture over tart, spreading to edges. Bake for 25 minutes or until gold <END>
INPUT: pecorino, hazelnuts, honey
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pecorino with Honey and Hazelnuts | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound pecorino; 1 cup skinless hazelnuts, toasted; 3 tablespoons honey | INSTRUCTIONS: Pull the cheese out of the refrigerator at least 1 hour before serving – it should be served at room temperature. Chop the hazelnuts coarsely. Break pecorino into large bite-size chunks. Place on plate and drizzle with honey. Top with chopped hazelnuts. <END>
INPUT: peaches, vanilla sugar, good dark rum, good almond liqueur, amaretti cookies
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Peaches with Amaretti | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 8 ripe peaches, cut in 1/2 and pitted; 1/4 cup vanilla sugar, recipe follows; 1/4 cup good dark rum (recommended: Mount Gay); 1/4 cup good almond liqueur (recommended: Amaretto Di Savonna); 8 amaretti cookies, crumbled; Creme fraiche or vanilla ice cream to serve, optional | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Heat a grill with a single layer of charcoal. When the coals are hot, brush the grill with a little oil to make sure the peaches don't stick. Place the peaches, cut side down, on the grill and cook for a few minutes, until they're slightly charred. Place the peaches in an oven-proof dish, sprinkle each half with a little vanilla sugar. Combine the rum and amaretto and drizzle 1/2 of it on the peaches. Bake the peaches for about 10 minutes, until they're very tender. Serve hot, at room temperature, or cold with crumbled amaretti cookies on top or with the cook <END>
INPUT: Asian, blackberry, gingered, Sea salt, orange, lemon, apple
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Goose with Blackberry Gingered Sauce | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1 (10-pound) goose, cleaned and trimmed with innards removed; Sea salt; 1 orange, quartered; 1 lemon, quartered; 1 apple, cored and quartered; 2 tablespoons goose fat; 1/2 cup scallions; 2 tablespoons grated ginger; 2 cups blackberries; 1 tablespoon sugar; 1 tablespoon soy sauce; 2 cups Zinfandel; 2 cups chicken stock | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Wash the goose thoroughly inside and out. Dry well with paper towels. Prick the skin with a fork or fine skewer (this helps release the fat during cooking) and generously rub all over with sea salt. Stuff the bird with the cut fruit. Tuck the wings under so they are not exposed. Add 1/2 inch water to the roasting pan and position the goose breast side down in a roasting rack. Place the pan in the oven for 45 minutes. Check the bird while it's roasting to make sure the water doesn't evaporate or the goose fat will burn. After 45 minutes, take the goose out of the  <END>
INPUT: sauce, heavy cream, raspberry jam, fine quality bittersweet, unsweetened chocolate, cassis
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate Raspberry Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup heavy cream; 5 tablespoons raspberry jam; 4 1/2 ounces fine-quality bittersweet chocolate (not unsweetened), chopped fine; 1 ounce unsweetened chocolate, chopped fine; 1 to 2 tablespoons cassis, or to taste | INSTRUCTIONS: In a heavy saucepan bring the cream to a simmer with the jam, whisking, remove the pan from the heat, and add the chocolates and a pinch of salt. Let the mixture stand for 3 minutes, whisk it until it is smooth, and whisk in the cassis. Strain the sauce through a fine sieve set over a bowl and serve it warm over ice cream. In a heavy saucepan bring the cream to a simmer with the jam, whisking, remove the pan from the heat, and add the chocolates and a pinch of salt. Let the mixture stand for 3 minutes, whisk it until it is smooth, and whisk in the cassis. Strain the sauce through a fine sieve  <END>
INPUT: American, buffalo, drumsticks, vegetable oil, chili powder, garlic powder, Salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Buffalo Drumsticks | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 8 drumsticks; 2 tablespoons vegetable oil; 1 teaspoon chili powder; 1 teaspoon garlic powder; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1/4 cup (1/2 stick) unsalted butter, melted; 1/4 cup hot sauce; 1 tablespoon BBQ sauce | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. For the chicken: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Rinse and pat dry the drumsticks. Mix the oil, chili powder, garlic powder, and some salt and pepper in a medium bowl or resealable plastic bag. Toss the drumsticks in the seasoned oil to coat well. Bake the drumsticks on a wire rack placed on a baking sheet (so air circulates around chicken) until very tender and the skin is crisp, 50 minutes. For the spicy sauce: Mix together the butter, hot sauce and BBQ sauce in a large bowl. Toss the drumsticks in the spicy sauce until well coated. Place the drumsticks back <END>
INPUT: Indian, chutney, cilantro, lemon juice, garlic, chiles
OUTPUT: TITLE: Baked Chutney-Stuffed Sea Bass | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: Bunch fresh cilantro sprigs, washed, leaves picked; 5 teaspoons fresh lemon juice; 2 cloves garlic, left whole; 1 (3/4-inch) piece fresh ginger, peeled; 2 green chiles, seeded; 3 1/2 ounces freshly grated coconut; 20 pistachio nuts, shelled; 1 teaspoon cumin seeds; Vegetable oil, for frying, plus 1 tablespoon; 1/2 teaspoon brown mustard seeds; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 pound 4 ounce sea bass, butterflied (ask your fishmonger to do this for you), skin scored at 1-inch intervals; 1 tablespoon vegetable oil; New potatoes, boiled; Green salad | INSTRUCTIONS: For the chutney: Blend the cilantro, lemon juice, garlic, ginger, chiles, coconut, pistachios, and cumin in a food processor to a puree. Heat a small amount of the vegetable oil in a small saucepan over a medium heat. When the oil is hot, add the mustard seeds. Be careful of the popping mustard seeds and splattering of oil. When the mustard seeds start to pop, remove the pan from the heat, and add the seeds to the chutney mixture. Season the mixture well with salt, and freshly ground black pepper. In a separate bowl, mix 2 tablespoons of the chutney mixture with 1 tablespoon vegetable oil. Bru <END>
INPUT: Italian, cornmeal, Two homemade purchased, virgin olive oil, Roma tomatoes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pizza with Fresh Tomatoes and Basil | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon yellow cornmeal; Two 8-ounce pieces of homemade or purchased Pizza Dough, recipe follows; 6 teaspoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1 1/3 cups, grated pasteurized mozzarella; 2 Roma tomatoes, cut crosswise into 1/4-inch-thick slices; 1/4 cup grated Parmesan; 1 large garlic clove, minced, optional; 6 fresh basil leaves, plus extra for garnish; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/2 cup warm water (105 to 110 degrees F); 2 teaspoons dry yeast; 2 cups all-purpose flour; 1 teaspoon salt; 3 tablespoons olive oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Position 1 oven rack in the center and the second rack on the bottom of the oven and preheat to 450 degrees F. Sprinkle the cornmeal over 2 rimless baking sheets. Roll out each piece of Pizza Dough into a 10 to 11-inch-diameter round. Transfer 1 dough to each prepared baking sheet. Drizzle 2 teaspoons of oil over each Pizza Dough. Sprinkle the mozzarella over the Pizza Dough, dividing equaling and leaving a 1-inch border around each pizza. Arrange the tomato slices in a single layer over the cheese. Sprinkle with the Parmesan. Arrange basil leaves on top, drizzle with a little more olive oil a <END>
INPUT: glaze, squab, bacon, onion, celery, apricots
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pan Fried Squab with Apricot Glaze and Cornbread Stuffing | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 squab; 6 slices bacon; 1 large yellow onion, chopped; 2 ribs celery, chopped; 1/2 cup dried apricots, chopped; 1 1/2 cups chicken stock; 1/2 bunch parsley, chopped; 3 1/2 cups cornbread, diced and toasted; 3 shallots, peeled and diced; 1/2 cup apricot brandy; 1/2 teaspoon powdered Habanero chile; 1/2 cup orange juice; Sea salt, to taste; Freshly ground black pepper, to taste | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees. Wash and dry the squab. In a medium size heavy skillet, over a medium heat, fry the bacon until crisp. Drain on paper and crumble. Reserve the bacon grease. Add the onion to the skillet and saute 3 to 5 minutes, or until transparent. Add the celery and cook 2 to 3 minutes more. Add the dried apricots and stock. Return the bacon to the skillet and add the parsley. Place the cornbread in a large bowl. Pour the entire contents of the skillet over the cornbread and toss well to coat. Season the squabs inside and out with salt and pepper and stuff with the cornbread <END>
INPUT: crostini, tomatoes, virgin olive oil, paper Serrano ham, Very flat leaf
OUTPUT: TITLE: Serrano Ham Crostini | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 24 (1/4 to 1/3-inch thick) slices baguette; 2 medium ripe tomatoes, halved; Extra-virgin olive oil; 24 paper-thin slices Serrano ham; Very finely chopped flat-leaf parsley, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the broiler. To prepare crostini, arrange baguette slices on a baking sheet in a single layer. Broil, turning, until golden brown, about 2 minutes. Transfer to a wire rack to cool. Rub crostini with tomato. Drizzle with olive oil. Top each crostini with a slice of ham. Brush with olive oil. Arrange on a serving platter and sprinkle with parsley. <END>
INPUT: variations, bulk pork sausage, apples, Bread Stuffing
OUTPUT: TITLE: Variations on Stuffing 101: Sausage and Apple Stuffing | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound bulk pork sausage; 1 cup chopped dried apples (about 3 ounces); 1 recipe Bread Stuffing 101 | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large non-stick skillet over medium heat, cook 1 pound bulk pork sausage, breaking up the meat with a spoon, until cooked through, about 10 minutes. Add to the Bread Stuffing 101 along with the dried apples. <END>
INPUT: Italian, vegetable, napoleon, butter, onion, celery, bell pepper, tomatoes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Vegetable Napoleon with Grilled Portobello Mushroom and Tomato Basil Bisque | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons butter; 1 small red onion, diced; 3 celery ribs, diced; 1 small red bell pepper, diced; 1 pound fresh tomatoes; 1 tablespoon tomato paste; 1 (16-ounce) can diced tomatoes; 1 cup chicken stock; 1 cup heavy cream; 1/2 cup fresh basil; Salt; Freshly ground black pepper; 12 portobello mushrooms, cleaned and gills removed; Salt; Freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F. Melt butter in a large skillet over low heat. Add onion, celery, and bell pepper and saute until they begin to soften. While they are cooking, cut fresh tomatoes in half, squeeze out seeds. Stir the fresh tomatoes into the skillet along with tomato paste and diced canned tomatoes. Bring to a boil, reduce heat to medium low and simmer partially covered to integrate flavors, about 5 minutes. Add stock and cook for another 20 minutes, stirring occasionally. Season portobello mushrooms with salt and pepper and brush with olive oil. Place on baking sheet in oven for 1 <END>
INPUT: roast, chicken legs, virgin olive oil, plum tomatoes, celery, boiling potato
OUTPUT: TITLE: Provençal Chicken and Tomato Roast | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 chicken legs, separated into thighs and drumsticks; 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, divided; 2 plum tomatoes, each cut lengthwise into 4 slices; 2 celery ribs, cut into 1-inch pieces; 1 large boiling potato (about 10 ounces), cut into 1/4-inch-thick half-moons; 3/4 cup halved grape or cherry tomatoes; 2 pieces sun-dried tomato (packed in oil), thinly sliced (about 1 tablespoon); 10 brine-cured black olives such as Kalamata; 1/4 cup water | INSTRUCTIONS: Put a 17-by 11-inch heavy 4-sided sheet pan in upper third of oven and preheat oven to 475°F. Toss chicken with 1 tablespoon oil and season with a slightly rounded 1/4 teaspoon each of salt and pepper. Place chicken, skin side down, to one side in hot sheet pan. Toss plum tomatoes, celery, and potato with remaining 2 tablespoon oil and spread in empty side of pan in 1 layer, without crowding. Season vegetables with 1/4 teaspoon each of salt and pepper. Roast 20 minutes. Turn chicken over and roast chicken and vegetables 15 minutes more. Scatter grape tomatoes, sun-dried tomatoes, and olives ov <END>
INPUT: heavy cream, milk, sugar, egg yolks, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: White Pepper Ice Cream | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 12 ounces heavy cream; 16 ounces milk; 4 ounces sugar; 8 egg yolks; 1 teaspoon white pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: In a saucepan, combine the heavy cream, milk, and sugar and bring to a boil. In a separate bowl, combine the egg yolks and white pepper. Once the cream mixture has come to a boil, temper with the egg mixture. Place mixture in saucepan and heat until mixture thickens slightly and reaches 180 degrees F, stirring constantly. Cool mixture in an ice bath. Once cooled, place mixture in ice cream machine and freeze according to manufacture's instructions. <END>
INPUT: herbs, Kosher salt pepper, beans, unsalted butter, virgin olive oil, onions
OUTPUT: TITLE: Green Beans with Fresh Herbs and Walnuts | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 3 pounds green beans; 3 tablespoons unsalted butter; 5 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 2 large onions, sliced thin; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh thyme leaves; 1/2 tablespoon chopped fresh rosemary leaves; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh chives; 1/2 cup walnuts, roughly chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Bring a large pot of water to a boil; add a big pinch of salt and the green beans. Cook for about 5 minutes, the beans should still be crisp, they will be cooked more in the oven. Drain them and set aside. Melt the butter and olive oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Add the onions, season with salt and pepper, and cook until the onions caramelize, about 20 to 25 minutes. Add the thyme, rosemary and chives, and cook for another 5 minutes. Add the green beans and walnuts, and stir well. Season, to taste. <END>
INPUT: creamed, packages spinach, virgin olive oil, shallots, all purpose flour, low fat
OUTPUT: TITLE: Creamed Spinach | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 10-ounce packages frozen chopped spinach, thawed; 2 teaspoons extra-virgin olive oil; 2 small shallots, finely chopped (about 1/2 cup); 4 teaspoons all-purpose flour; 1 1/2 cups low-fat (1%) milk; 1/2 cup low-sodium chicken broth; 2 tablespoons evaporated milk; Pinch of ground nutmeg; Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Squeeze all of the water from the spinach. In a large saucepan, heat the oil over medium heat. Add the shallots and cook, stirring, until softened, about 2 minutes. Add the flour to the pan and cook, stirring, for 30 seconds. Add the low-fat milk and broth and cook, scraping up any bits from the bottom of the pan. Bring to a simmer and cook 2 minutes. Add the spinach and simmer until tender, about 5 minutes. Stir in the evaporated milk and nutmeg, and season with salt and pepper. Photograph by Hallie Burton <END>
INPUT: mussels, cheesy, loaf crusty country, Gruyere cheese, cleaned muscles, shallots, unsalted butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Mussels and Cheesy Grilled Country Bread | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 loaf crusty country bread, preferably seeded or herbed; 1-1/2 ounce Gruyere cheese; 2 pounds cleaned muscles; 2 medium shallots, sliced; 2 teaspoons unsalted butter; 1/2 cup dry white wine; 1/2 cup unsalted chicken broth (optional); 2 slices cooked bacon, crumbled (optional); 1/4 cup chopped flat leaf parsley; freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat grill to medium high. Cut country loaf into slices. Place on grill to toast one side. Meanwhile, cover bottom of a large straight sided and heat proof skillet with foil to protect from soot. Place pan on the grill and add all ingredients, except butter, parsley, bacon and black pepper, stirring to mix. Remove bread slices to a cookie sheet, toasted side up and grate some gruyere cheese over the slices. Return bread slices to the grill to toast the other side and melt the cheese. While bread slices are toasting, tint skillet loosely with foil and cover the grill, until bread slices are  <END>
INPUT: turkey, Kosher salt pepper, onion, garlic, rosemary
OUTPUT: TITLE: Garlic-Rosemary Turkey with Porcini | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 12- to 14-pound turkey, thawed if frozen; Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper; 1 onion, quartered; 1 head garlic (6 cloves whole, remaining cloves smashed); 4 sprigs rosemary, plus 3 tablespoons chopped leaves; 2 ounces dried porcini mushrooms (about 2 cups); 1 1/2 sticks (12 tablespoons) unsalted butter, at room temperature; 2 teaspoons Worcestershire sauce | INSTRUCTIONS: Position an oven rack in the lowest position (remove the other racks); preheat to 350 degrees F. Remove the neck and giblets from the turkey and set aside for the gravy. Pat the turkey dry with paper towels and rub inside and out with 1 tablespoon each salt and pepper. Stuff the cavity with the onion, smashed garlic and rosemary sprigs. Tie the legs together with kitchen twine. Put the turkey on a rack set in a large roasting pan and tuck the wings under the body. Let sit at room temperature while you make the porcini butter. Soak the porcini in 1 cup hot water until softened, about 10 minutes <END>
INPUT: plank, salt, pepper, chili powder, herbes de Provence
OUTPUT: TITLE: Rainbow Trout Roasted on a Cedar Plank | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 teaspoons salt; 1 tablespoon freshly ground black pepper; 1 tablespoon red chili powder; 1 teaspoon herbes de Provence; 6 (8 to 10-ounce) Rainbow trout, cleaned, deboned; 12 thin lemon slices; 6 (10-inch) untreated cedar boards | INSTRUCTIONS: Prepare and preheat your grill by building a fire on 1 side of the grill. In a small bowl, mix together the salt, pepper, red chili powder, and herbes de Provence. Open each trout's belly and lightly rub on the chili spice mixture. Next, place 2 lemon slices into each trout's belly and then carefully place each trout onto a cedar plank. Cook the trout planks in a covered barbecue away from direct heat for 15 minutes. Then, move the planks over the direct heat and cook for an additional 5 to 7 minutes, covered. The cedar planks will begin to smoke, and the trout will begin to turn golden brown. <END>
INPUT: Indian, salmon, basmati rice, water, unsalted butter, gingerroot, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Salmon with Thai Curry Sauce and Basmati Rice | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup basmati rice; 1 1/2 cups water; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1 1/8 teaspoons minced peeled fresh gingerroot; 1 1/8 teaspoons minced garlic; 2 1/4 teaspoons peanut oil; 3/4 teaspoon ground coriander seeds; 1 1/2 teaspoons curry powder; 1 1/2 teaspoons Thai red curry paste; 1 1/2 teaspoons paprika; 3/4 teaspoon ground cumin; 1 1/4 cups well-stirred unsweetened coconut milk; 3 tablespoons tomato purée; 1 tablespoon soy sauce; 1 1/2 tablespoons packed dark brown sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: Make rice: Preheat oven to 400°F. In a saucepan with an ovenproof lid bring rice, water, and butter to boil. Bake rice, covered, in middle of oven 12 minutes. Keep rice warm. Preheat oven to 400°F. In a saucepan with an ovenproof lid bring rice, water, and butter to boil. Bake rice, covered, in middle of oven 12 minutes. Keep rice warm. Make sauce: In a heavy saucepan sauté gingerroot and garlic in oil over moderately high heat, stirring, until golden. Add coriander, curry powder, curry paste, paprika, and cumin and sauté, stirring, 1 minute, or until fragrant. Whisk in coconut milk, tomato pu <END>
INPUT: soup, butter, olive oil, onion, garlic, flour
OUTPUT: TITLE: Creamy Tomato Soup | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons butter; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1 large onion, chopped; 1 tablespoon minced garlic; 2 tablespoons flour; 3 1/2 pounds ripe tomatoes, chopped; 2 tablespoons tomato paste; 1 teaspoon sugar; 3 cups Fresh Vegetable Broth; 1/8 teaspoon ground cloves; Salt and pepper, to taste; 1/2 cup half-and-half | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. Melt the butter with the oil over low heat in a pot. 2. Add the onion; wilt over low heat for 8 to 10 minutes. Add the garlic during the last 2 minutes, stirring. Sprinkle with flour and cook 3 minutes longer, stirring. 3. Add the tomatoes, tomato paste, sugar, and broth. Bring to a boil, reduce heat to a simmer and cover; cook over medium-low heat for 30 minutes. Season with cloves, salt, and pepper. Remove from heat and cool slightly. 4. Purée the soup in a food processor. Pour through a strainer into a pot. Stir in the half-and-half. 5. Warm the soup before serving. 1. Melt the butter wi <END>
INPUT: Indian, caviar, blini, beluga lentils, water, kosher salt, capers, brine from caper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Beluga Lentil Caviar on Blini | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup black beluga lentils; 2 cups water; 2 teaspoons kosher salt; 2 tablespoons minced capers, packed in brine; 2 tablespoons brine from the caper jar; 4 tablespoons vegan mayonnaise; 1 tablespoon Miso Mayo or white miso paste; 1/2 cup buckwheat flour; 1/2 cup organic, unbleached, all-purpose flour; 2 teaspoons baking powder; 1 1/4 cups nondairy milk (almond, soy, or rice); 3 tablespoons vegan butter, melted; Vegan butter or nonstick cooking spray, as needed; 1/2 bunch fresh chives, minced for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Make the beluga lentil caviar: Rinse the lentils and put them in a small pot with the water. Bring to a gentle simmer, cover, and cook for about 20 minutes, or until the lentils are soft. Drain the cooked lentils and place them in medium bowl. Add the salt, capers, and caper brine. Mix well and refrigerate for a minimum of 2 hours, and a maxi¬mum of 2 days. Make the vegan sauce: Mix the vegan mayonnaise with the Miso Mayo in a small bowl and refrigerate until needed. Make the blini: In a medium bowl, combine the flours and baking powder. Whisk the nondairy milk and melted butter into the flour <END>
INPUT: salad, pale lager, live lobsters, new potatoes Yukon, kosher salt, wine vinegar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lobster Salad with New Potatoes and Pickled Onion | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 12-ounces bottle pale lager; 2 1 1/2-pound live lobsters; 1 pound new potatoes or small Yukon Gold and/or red-skinned potatoes, scrubbed; 1 tablespoon kosher salt, plus more; 1/4 cup red wine vinegar; 1 tablespoon sugar; 1/2 medium red onion, thinly sliced; 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 1/4 cup olive oil, plus more for drizzling; 1/2 cup fresh mint leaves; 2 cups frisée (optional); Freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring beer to a boil in a large heavy pot. Add lobsters, cover, and steam until shells are bright red and meat is cooked through, 10–12 minutes. Remove from pot with tongs and let cool 10 minutes. Crack shells; remove meat from tail, claws, and knuckles. Meanwhile, place potatoes in a large saucepan and add water to cover by 2"; season with salt. Bring to a boil and cook until tender, 10–12 minutes; drain. Transfer potatoes to a large bowl and lightly crush with a fork. Bring vinegar, sugar, 1 tablespoon salt, and 1/2 cup water to a simmer in a small saucepan. Add onion, remove from heat, and  <END>
INPUT: Mexican, salad, dressing, corn, jicama, pepper, baby spinach
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sweet Corn, Jicama, and Baby Spinach Salad with Tequila Lime Dressing | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 6 ears of corn; 2 jicama; 1 red pepper, finely diced; 1 yellow pepper, finely diced; 3 baby spinach; 2 tablespoons pine nuts; Juice of 3 limes; 2 tablespoons tequila; 1 teaspoon white wine vinegar; 1/2 cup olive oil; 1 pinch cumin; 1 pinch cayenne | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook corn in salted water until tender. Remove corn from cob. Peel and julienne jicama. Dice red and yellow peppers. Put all ingredients for dressing in a medium sauce pot except oil and bring to a boil. Slowly emulsify oil into base and reserve. Toss spinach, jicama and corn together and dress. Divide evenly between six plates and garnish with peppers and pinon. <END>
INPUT: Asian, cucumber, orange juice, creamy peanut butter, unseasoned rice vinegar, ginger, lime juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sesame Soba Noodles with Cucumber, Bok Choy, and Mixed Greens | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup fresh orange juice; 1/4 cup creamy peanut butter; 2 tablespoons unseasoned rice vinegar; 2 tablespoons chopped peeled fresh ginger; 2 tablespoons fresh lime juice; 1 tablespoon finely grated orange peel; 1 tablespoon soy sauce; 2 garlic cloves, peeled; 1 1/2 teaspoons finely grated lime peel; 2 teaspoons dried crushed red pepper, divided; 1/3 cup canola oil; 8 ounces soba noodles; 1 teaspoon Asian sesame oil; 3 cups (loosely packed) mixed baby greens; 2 heads of baby bok choy, cored, thinly sliced crosswise | INSTRUCTIONS: Puree first 9 ingredients and 1 teaspoon red pepper in blender until smooth. With machine running, gradually add canola oil through opening in lid. Season dressing to taste with salt and pepper. DO AHEAD: Can be made 1 day ahead. Cover and chill. Bring to room temperature before continuing. Cook soba noodles in large pot of boiling salted water until tender but still firm to bite. Drain. Rinse with cold water; drain well. Using kitchen shears, cut noodles crosswise in 2 to 3 places. Drizzle noodles in strainer with sesame oil and toss to coat. Place greens, bok choy, cucumber, green onions, ch <END>
INPUT: Italian, taters, tater tots, olive oil, Salt pepper, garlic, flat leaf parsley
OUTPUT: TITLE: Parmesan Taters | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 5 cups frozen tater tots; 1/4 cup olive oil; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 1/2 tablespoons crushed garlic; 3 tablespoons chopped flat-leaf parsley; 1/2 cup grated Parmesan | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Combine the tater tots and the olive oil in a bowl. Toss to coat, spread on a baking sheet and bake until golden brown and crisp, about 30 minutes. Remove the tater tots from the oven, season with salt and pepper and transfer to a mixing bowl. To the taters, add the garlic, parsley and cheese. Toss to combine and serve immediately. <END>
INPUT: Italian, vegetable, lasagna noodles, olive oil, shallots, garlic, zucchini
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fresh Vegetable Lasagna with Spinach and Zucchini | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 20 lasagna noodles; 3 tablespoons olive oil; 2 shallots, roughly chopped; 3 cloves garlic, roughly chopped; 2 medium zucchini, halved lengthwise and chopped; 8 cups packed fresh spinach; 3 cups fresh ricotta cheese; 2 cups finely grated Parmesan; 1 1/2 teaspoons kosher salt; 1/4 teaspoon ground black pepper; 1 egg; 6 cups shredded mozzarella; 3 1/2 cups Chunky Marinara Sauce, recipe follows; 1/4 cup olive oil; 2 medium carrots, cut to 1/2-inch dice | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil and cook the lasagna noodles for 10 to 12 minutes. Drain the noodles and drizzle them with 1 tablespoon of the olive oil, and then set the noodles aside for later use. (If you are using no-boil noodles, skip this step.) Heat the remaining 2 tablespoons olive oil in a large skillet set over medium heat and cook the shallots until softened and translucent, 4 to 5 minutes. Add in the garlic and zucchini, and cook for 1 minute. Stir in the spinach and cook until wilted, 2 to 4 minu <END>
INPUT: slender baby carrots, virgin olive oil, orange juice, honey
OUTPUT: TITLE: Orange-Roasted Baby Carrots with Honey | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 pounds slender baby carrots, trimmed, scrubbed; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil plus additional for drizzling; 1 teaspoon (packed) finely grated orange peel; 1/3 cup fresh orange juice; 1 1/2 tablespoons honey; Fleur de sel or Maldon sea salt*; *Sea salts are available at some supermarkets and specialty foods stores and online from chefshop.com | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 400°F. Arrange carrots in single layer on rimmed baking sheet. Add 2 tablespoons olive oil and orange peel; sprinkle with salt and pepper and toss. Pour orange juice over; cover tightly with foil. Roast until crisp-tender, about 10 minutes. Remove foil. Increase oven to 450°F. Drizzle honey over carrots. Roast uncovered until carrots are tender and browned in spots, about 10 minutes longer. Transfer carrots and any juices to platter. Drizzle lightly with additional olive oil. Sprinkle with fleur de sel. Preheat oven to 400°F. Arrange carrots in single layer on rimmed baking she <END>
INPUT: Indian, rutabagas, coarse kosher salt, cardamom pods, créme fraîche, thyme
OUTPUT: TITLE: Rutabaga Purée with Cardamom and Thyme | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 6 pounds rutabagas, peeled, cut into 1-inch cubes; 1 teaspoon coarse kosher salt; 24 whole green cardamom pods; 1/2 cup créme fraîche; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh thyme; Freshly ground white pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Place rutabagas in large pot with enough cold water to cover by 1 inch. Add salt and cardamom pods; bring to boil. Reduce heat, cover partially, and simmer until rutabagas are tender, about 25 minutes. Drain rutabagas; discard cardamom. Working in batches, puree rutabagas in processor. Return puree to pot. Cook over medium heat until dry, stirring, about 5 minutes. Mix in créme fraîche and thyme. Season with salt and white pepper. DO AHEAD: Can be made 1 day ahead. Spread puree in buttered baking dish. Cover; chill. Reheat in 350°F oven until heated through, about 25 minutes. Place rutabagas i <END>
INPUT: Asian, chilled, white, cavallion cantaloupe melon, Korean honeydew melon, Vidalia onion, mint leaves, cilantro leaves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chilled Salmon with White Miso and Summer Melons | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1 cavallion or cantaloupe melon, peeled; 1 Korean or honeydew melon, peeled (Korean melons do not have to be peeled); 1 Vidalia onion, shaved; 1/4 cup fresh mint leaves; 2 tablespoons fresh cilantro leaves; 1 to 2 tablespoons yuzu juice; 1 tablespoon extra virgin lemon oil; 4 (6-ounce) fillets of miso poached salmon (see recipe below); 1/2 cup tamari melon sauce (see recipe below); Salt and pepper to taste; 3 cups fish or chicken broth; 1/2 cup plus 2 tablespoons light miss; 1-cup tamari or soy sauce; 4 (6-ounce) fillets of salmon; 1 cup melon juice | INSTRUCTIONS: Cut each melon into quarters lengthwise and remove the seeds with a large table or serving spoon. Square three of the quarters of each melon so they can be sliced easily. Run the remaining quarter of each melon through an electric vegetable juicer and reserve for tamari/melon sauce. Slice the squared quarters very thinly. Place in a mixing bowl with the Vidalia onion, mint leaves, cilantro leaves, yuzu, and lemon oil. Toss to combine and set aside.; Combine the broth, miss, and tamari in a medium sauce pot over medium heat. Simmer then add the salmon fillets. Return to a simmer and cook the fi <END>
INPUT: French, honey, Salt pepper, wine vinegar, Dijon mustard, parsley leaves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Honey Dijon Mustard Pork Loin | CUISINE: French | INGREDIENTS: 1 (3 to 4-pound) boneless pork loin; Salt and freshly cracked black pepper; 2 tablespoons white wine vinegar; 3/4 cup Dijon mustard; 1 tablespoon freshly chopped parsley leaves; 1 tablespoon freshly chopped chives; 1 tablespoon freshly chopped tarragon leaves; 3 tablespoons vegetable oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Season the pork loin with salt and pepper. In a small bowl, mix the vinegar, mustard and herbs together. Reserve mustard sauce for pork. In a large ovenproof saute pan over medium-high heat, warm the vegetable oil. Sear pork loin on all sides. Brush with mustard sauce and roast in the preheated oven until the internal temperature reaches 145 degrees F on an instant-read thermometer, about 20 minutes. Remove from oven and let rest for 15 minutes before slicing and serving. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, dressing, vegetable oil, peach preserves, peach nectar, wine vinegar, adobo sauce from
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Chicken and Peaches with Chipotle-Peach Dressing | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: Nonstick vegetable oil spray; 1/3 cup peach preserves; 1/3 cup peach nectar; 4 teaspoons red wine vinegar; 2 teaspoons adobo sauce from canned chipotle chiles; 2 teaspoons extra-virgin olive oil plus additional for brushing; 1 teaspoon chopped fresh cilantro plus sprigs for garnish; 3 large peaches, rinsed, fuzz wiped away, each cut into 8 wedges; 4 boneless chicken breast halves with skin | INSTRUCTIONS: Coat grill rack with nonstick spray. Prepare barbecue (medium-high heat). Stir preserves, next 3 ingredients, 2 teaspoons oil, and chopped cilantro in medium bowl; season dressing with salt and pepper. Transfer 1/4 cup dressing to small bowl. Brush peaches, then chicken with oil and dressing from small bowl. Sprinkle with salt and pepper. Grill chicken until cooked through, about 7 minutes per side. Grill peaches until slightly charred, about 2 minutes per side. Place 1 chicken breast on each of 4 plates. Surround with peaches. Drizzle dressing from medium bowl over chicken and peaches. Garnis <END>
INPUT: Italian, pesto, chipotle chile, garlic, flat leaf parsley, virgin olive oil, walnuts
OUTPUT: TITLE: Baked Red Trout Fillets with Parsley Pesto | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 small dried chipotle chile (optional), wiped clean; 1 garlic clove; 2 cups packed flat-leaf parsley leaves; 3/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 3 tablespoons walnuts, lightly toasted; 1/4 teaspoon fine sea salt; 4 teaspoons fresh lemon juice; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, divided; 3 (1-pound) red trout fillets (freshwater trout); 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 3/4 teaspoon fine sea salt; 1/2 teaspoon dried hot red-pepper flakes; Garnish: finely chopped flat-leaf parsley | INSTRUCTIONS: Make pesto: If using chile, heat a dry heavy skillet (not nonstick) over medium heat until hot, then toast chile briefly on all sides, pressing flat with tongs, until slightly softened, about 30 seconds total. Soak chile in hot water to cover 4 minutes, then drain. With motor running, drop garlic into a food processor and process until finely chopped. Add parsley, oil, nuts, sea salt, 1/8 teaspoon pepper, and chile (if using) and purée until smooth. Transfer to a bowl and stir in lemon juice. If using chile, heat a dry heavy skillet (not nonstick) over medium heat until hot, then toast chile b <END>
INPUT: Italian, grapeseed oil, celery, onion, garlic, bell pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken Spaghetti | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons grapeseed oil, divided; 3 ribs celery, small dice; 1 medium yellow onion, small dice; 2 tablespoons minced garlic; 1 large red or green bell pepper, seeds removed and roughly chopped; 10 ounces tomato juice (recommended: V8); 2 (12 to 15-ounce) cans whole peeled tomatoes; 1 teaspoon dried oregano; 2 pounds boneless chicken, boiled and pulled into bite-size pieces; 1 tablespoon minced basil leaves; 1 cup chicken broth; 1 1/2 pounds spaghetti, cooked; 1 green onion, cut on bias; 1 cup grated Parmesan | INSTRUCTIONS: In a saucepan over medium-high heat, add 2 tablespoons of the grapeseed oil, the celery, onion, garlic, and peppers. Stir while cooking until the onions are translucent, about 12 minutes. In a separate saucepan, over medium heat add the remaining 1 tablespoon of oil, the tomato juice, canned tomatoes, oregano, chicken, basil, and broth and simmer for 10 minutes. Add the vegetable mixture and stir to combine. Continue to cook over medium heat for 10 minutes, then reduce the heat to low, and cook for another 10 minutes, stirring throughout the cooking time. Once the sauce has reduced, add the pa <END>
INPUT: boysenberry, sorbet, whipping cream, half half, sugar, egg yolks, lemon juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Boysenberry Sorbet and Lemon Ice Cream Bombe | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 1/4 cups whipping cream; 1 cup half and half; 3/4 cup sugar; 6 egg yolks; 1/2 cup fresh lemon juice; 2 tablespoons finely grated lemon peel; 1 1/4 cups plus 1/3 sugar; 3/4 cup water; 3 16-ounce bags frozen unsweetened boysenberries or blackberries, thawed; 4 cups fresh boysenberries, blackberries and/or raspberries; Fresh mint leaves; Assorted cookies (optional) | INSTRUCTIONS: For Ice Cream Bring 1 1/4 cups cream, half and half and sugar to simmer in heavy large saucepan, stirring occasionally. Whisk yolks in large bowl to blend. gradually whisk in cream mixture. Return mixture to saucepan. Stir over medium-low heat until mixture thickens and leaves path on back of spoon when finger is drawn across, about 4 minutes; do not boil. Strain mixture into bowl. Mix in remaining 1 cup whipping cream, lemon juice and peel. Refrigerate until cold. Transfer mixture to ice cream maker and freeze according to manufacturer's instruction. Transfer ice cream to container and freeze <END>
INPUT: skillet, thyme leaves, fennel seeds, Kosher salt pepper, good olive oil, lemon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Skillet-Roasted Lemon Chicken | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 teaspoons fresh thyme leaves; 1 teaspoon whole fennel seeds; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1/3 cup good olive oil; 1 lemon, halved and sliced 1/4 inch thick; 1 yellow onion, halved and sliced 1/4 inch thick; 2 large garlic cloves, thinly sliced; 1 (4-pound) chicken, backbone removed and butterflied; 1/2 cup dry white wine, such as Pinot Grigio; Juice of 1 lemon | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F. Place the thyme, fennel seeds, 1 tablespoon salt, and 1 teaspoon pepper in a mini food processor and process until ground. Pour the olive oil into a small glass measuring cup, stir in the herb mixture, and set aside. Distribute the lemon slices in a 12-inch cast iron skillet and distribute the onion and garlic on top. Place the chicken, skin side down, on top of the onion and brush with about half the oil and herb mixture. Turn the chicken skin side up, pat it dry with paper towels (very important!), and brush it all over with the rest of the oil and herb mix <END>
INPUT: memphis, spare, cider vinegar, apple cider, garlic, bay leaves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Memphis-Style Ribs | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 pounds spare ribs; 1 3/4 cups cider vinegar; 1 3/4 cups apple cider; 4 cloves garlic, peeled and minced; 2 bay leaves; 3 tablespoons Louisiana-style hot pepper sauce; 1 tablespoon salt; 3/4 cup BBQ Rub, recipe follows; 3 cups wood chips; Vinegar Sauce, recipe follows, optional; Excerpted from "Al Roker's Big bad Book of Barbeque" Scribners 2002. Copyright 2002; 6 tablespoons packed light brown sugar; 2 tablespoons chili powder; 1 tablespoon paprika; 1 tablespoon garlic powder | INSTRUCTIONS: Your ribs may already be trimmed, or you can ask the butcher to trim them. To do it yourself, place the ribs meat-side up on a cutting board. There is a line of fat at the base of the ribs; cut along it to remove the cartilaginous rib tips. Turn the meat over, rib-side up. Cut off the flap of meat on the inside of the ribs. (The reason to remove these pieces is that they will burn, well before the ribs are done. You can season them and grill them over direct heat for about 15 minutes, turning once. They are delicious.) With the rib-side up, finesse a sharp knife under the tough membrane that c <END>
INPUT: eggs, egg yolks
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate Genoise | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 8 large eggs; 3 large egg yolks; 1 cup (7 ounces, 200 grams) granulated sugar; 2 1/2 (1.7 ounces, 50 grams) tablespoons honey; 2 cups (8.8 ounces, 250 grams) unbleached, unbromated pastry flour, sifted; 1/3 cup cocoa powder (if making chocolate genoise) | INSTRUCTIONS: Place a 1-quart saucepan half filled with water over high heat and bring it to a simmer. Make a double boiler by setting a large mixing bowl over the simmering water. Place the whole eggs, egg yolks, sugar, and honey in the mixing bowl and make an egg foam by whisking the mixture to 113 degrees F (45 degrees C) on a candy thermometer, about 7 to 10 minutes. The egg foam passes through various stages becoming foamy, then smooth and finally it thickens. When it is thick, it will be hot to the touch, tripled in volume, and light in color and the sugar will have completely dissolved. If you dip th <END>
INPUT: parsnips, cipolline onions, rosemary leaves, Coarse salt pepper, virgin olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Parsnips and Onions | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound parsnips, ends trimmed; 1 pound cipolline onions, peeled; 1/4 cup fresh rosemary leaves; Coarse salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat the oven to 425 degrees F. In a roasting pan, combine the parsnips, onions and rosemary. Season with salt and pepper. Add the olive oil and toss until the vegetables are thoroughly coated. Roast, shaking the pan every 15 minutes, until the vegetables are deep amber, 40 to 45 minutes. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, beignets, sauce, egg, heavy cream, cake flour, salt, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Okra Beignets with Cilantro Sour Cream Sauce | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 large egg; 1/4 cup heavy cream; 1/2 cup cake flour (not self-rising); 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/2 teaspoon black pepper; 1/2 lb fresh okra, cut crosswise into 1/2-inch pieces (2 cups), or 1 (10-oz) box frozen cut okra, thawed; 1/2 green bell pepper, cut into 1/4-inch dice (1/2 cup); 1 small onion, cut into 1/4-inch dice (1/2 cup); 1/2 cup cooked rice (preferably jasmine); About 6 cups vegetable oil for frying (1 1/2 qt); 1 cup sour cream (8 oz); 1 1/2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro; 1/2 teaspoon finely grated fresh lime zest; 1 1/2 tablespoons fresh lime juice; 1/2 teaspoon salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Make beignet batter: Whisk together egg and cream in a small bowl until combined. Whisk together flour, salt, and pepper in a large bowl, then add okra, bell pepper, and onion, tossing to coat. Stir in egg mixture until combined well. Let stand 20 minutes, then stir in rice. Whisk together egg and cream in a small bowl until combined. Whisk together flour, salt, and pepper in a large bowl, then add okra, bell pepper, and onion, tossing to coat. Stir in egg mixture until combined well. Let stand 20 minutes, then stir in rice. Make sauce while batter stands: Stir together all sauce ingredients u <END>
INPUT: olive oil, onion, carrots, wine, kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Carrot Pizza with Fontina and Red Onion | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1/2 medium onion, chopped; 1/2 pound carrots (about 3-4 medium carrots), peeled and thinly sliced; 1/2 cup white wine; 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt; 1/4 cup mascarpone; 1/8 teaspoon cayenne pepper; 1/2 pound prepared pizza dough, room temperature; All-purpose flour (for surface); Olive oil (for brushing); 8 ounces Fontina cheese, grated (about 2 cups); 1/2 medium red onion, root intact and thinly sliced lengthwise into wedges; 1 cup (loosely packed) carrot fronds or baby arugula | INSTRUCTIONS: For the carrot purée: Heat oil in a large skillet over medium-high until shimmering. Add onions and cook, stirring often, until translucent, about 2 minutes. Add carrots and cook, stirring occasionally, until beginning to brown, about 5 minutes, then add wine and cook, stirring often, until reduced by half, about 2 minutes. Reduce heat to medium-low, add salt and 1 cup water, and stir to combine. Cover and simmer until carrots are tender and most of the liquid has evaporated, about 15 minutes. Transfer mixture to a blender. Add mascarpone, cayenne, and 1/4 cup water. Remove stopper from lid or <END>
INPUT: parfaits, pecans, pecan halves, pure maple syrup, kosher salt, rye whiskey
OUTPUT: TITLE: Brown Sugar Banana Parfaits With Maple-Glazed Pecans | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup pecan halves; 1/4 cup pure maple syrup; Pinch of kosher salt; 3/4 cup rye whiskey; 1/2 cup (packed) light brown sugar; 3 tablespoons sugar; 3 tablespoons unsalted butter; 6 bananas, peeled, cut on a diagonal into 1/4" slices; 1 pint vanilla ice cream | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350°F. Toss pecans, maple syrup, and salt on a parchment paper-lined rimmed baking sheet; spread out in a single layer. Bake until maple syrup is caramelized and pecans are toasted, 10-15 minutes. Let cool completely on baking sheet. Coarsely chop nuts; set aside. Meanwhile, bring whiskey, both sugars, and butter to a boil in a large skillet (do not move pan or mixture may ignite). Turn off heat; stir mixture to dissolve sugar completely. Return to medium heat and simmer until sauce is thickened and glossy, about 2 minutes. Add bananas and cook, swirling skillet occasionally, u <END>
INPUT: french, toast, Hungry Jack® Original, powdered sugar unsweetened, whipped cream, eggs, half half
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate Hazelnut Banana-Stuffed French Toast | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup Hungry Jack® Original Syrup; 1 tbsp. powdered sugar and/or unsweetened cocoa powder; Sweetened whipped cream (optional); 3 large eggs, beaten; 2/3 cup half-and-half; 2 tbsps. sugar; 1/2 tsp. ground cinnamon; 1 tsp. vanilla extract; Crisco® Original No-Stick Cooking Spray; 8 slices raisin cinnamon swirl bread; 3 ripe bananas, divided; 3 tbsps. butter; 3 tbsps. brown sugar; 1/3 cup Jif® Chocolate Flavored Hazelnut Spread | INSTRUCTIONS: HEAT oven to 300 degrees F. Whisk eggs in large shallow bowl. Whisk in half-and-half, sugar, cinnamon and vanilla. Coat electric griddle or large nonstick skillet with cooking spray. Heat griddle to 350 degrees F or skillet over medium heat. Dip bread slices in egg mixture, about 5 seconds each, turning to coat both sides. Cook on prepared griddle until both sides are golden brown. Place on baking sheet while cooking remaining French toast. SPREAD one side of each of 4 slices cooked French toast with a rounded tablespoon of chocolate hazelnut spread. Cut 2 bananas in half lengthwise, then in h <END>
INPUT: Italian, alfredo, Kosher salt, spaghetti, Olive oil, onion, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cauliflower Spaghetti Alfredo with Shrimp | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: Kosher salt; 1 pound spaghetti; Olive oil; 1/2 yellow onion, finely diced; 2 cloves garlic, minced; 1 head cauliflower, cut into florets; 4 cups whole milk, plus more if needed; 1 tablespoon kosher salt; 1/4 cup grated Parmesan, plus more for serving; 1/4 cup coarsely chopped fresh parsley, plus more for serving; Juice and zest of 1 lemon; Olive oil; 1 pound large shrimp, peeled and deveined; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; Lemon wedges, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add the spaghetti and cook until al dente, then drain. Place a large skillet over medium-high heat and coat the pan with oil. Add the onions and cook until translucent, about 5 minutes. Add the garlic and cook for 1 minute. Add the cauliflower, 1 tablespoon salt and enough milk to partially submerge the florets. Increase the heat to high, and simmer until the cauliflower is very tender, about 15 minutes. Very carefully transfer the cooked cauliflower mixture to a blender and blend until smooth. Rinse the pan clean and  <END>
INPUT: asian, canola oil, Dungeness crab, hoisin sauce, chile hot sauce, bean garlic paste
OUTPUT: TITLE: Asian Crab | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup canola oil; 1 pound Dungeness crab, in shell (or king crab, or shell on 1-pound (21/25 count) shrimp for substitute); 3 tablespoons hoisin sauce; 1 tablespoon chile hot sauce (recommended: Sriracha); 3 tablespoons black bean garlic paste; 1/4 cup white wine; 1 teaspoon sesame oil; 1 tablespoon sesame seeds, toasted; 2 tablespoons green onions, sliced | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large wok, heat canola oil over medium-high heat. Crack crab shells in multiple areas to allow sauce to enter shell without crab shells falling apart. Add crab to oil and quickly saute for 1 to 3 minutes until crab is hot. Remove crab and drain oil. Add hoisin, chile hot sauce, black bean paste, and white wine and heat until bubbling. Add crab, toss for 30 seconds. Add sesame oil, and toss for 15 seconds. Remove to plate and garnish with sesame seeds and green onions. <END>
INPUT: American, bars, angel food cake, lemon pie filling, coconut, cream cheese, butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lemon Bars | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 16 ounces store-bought angel food cake mix; One 22-ounce can lemon pie filling; 1 cup finely shredded coconut; 8 ounces cream cheese, softened; 1/2 cup butter, softened; 2 1/2 cups powdered sugar; 1 teaspoon vanilla; Lemon zest, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Bottom Lemon Cake: In mixing bowl, combine cake mix, pie filling, and coconut. Stir until thoroughly mixed (do not add any liquid). Spread this mixture in a 10- by 15-inch baking pan. Bake for 30 minutes in a preheated 350 degree F oven. Cool. Top Creamy Frosting: Combine all ingredients until blended well. Frost the bottom lemon cake. Garnish with sprinkles of lemon zest and cut into 1 1/2 by 2 1/2 inch bars. Cover and refrigerate overnight for better flavoring. <END>
INPUT: caramel, Ingredients Basic Butter, sugar, heavy cream, vanilla extract
OUTPUT: TITLE: Caramel Pecan Cookies | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Ingredients for Basic Butter Cookies, recipe follows; 1 1/2 cups sugar; 1 cup heavy cream; 3/4 stick (6 tablespoons) unsalted butter, cut into bits; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 2 cups pecans (1/2 pound), toasted, cooled, and coarsely chopped; 2 cups all-purpose flour; 1/2 teaspoon baking powder; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1 1/2 sticks (3/4 cup) unsalted butter, softened; 1 cup sugar; 1 large egg; 1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract | INSTRUCTIONS: To make the crust: Grease a 13 by 9-inch metal baking pan, then line with foil, leaving a 2-inch overhang on both ends, and grease foil. Follow recipe for basic butter cookies to make dough (do not chill), then press dough evenly onto bottom of baking pan, using plastic wrap on top to prevent dough from sticking to your fingers, and chill until firm, about 20 minutes. While crust chills, put oven rack in middle position and preheat oven to 375 degrees F. Bake crust until golden brown, about 30 minutes. Cool in pan on a rack 20 minutes. (Leave oven on.) To make topping while crust cools: Cook s <END>
INPUT: butter, shelled peas, lettuce hearts, bouquet garni, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Peas with Lettuce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 ounces of butter; 2 pints fresh shelled peas; 2 lettuce hearts, tied up with string; 1 bouquet garni; 1 1/2 teaspoons salt; 2 teaspoons sugar; 3 tablespoons water; 1/4 pint (1/2 cup) double cream | INSTRUCTIONS: Melt the butter in a saucepan, add the peas, lettuce hearts, bouquet garni, salt, sugar and water. Simmer with the lid on for 40 minutes. Remove the lettuce and strain the peas, reserving the liquid. The amount of liquid should be very little but reduce it to about 2 tablespoonfuls, whisk in the cream and pour over peas. Cut lettuce hearts into quarters and place on the peas.; <END>
INPUT: herbs, garlic, thyme leaves, rosemary leaves, parsley leaves, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Butterflied Leg of Lamb with Lemon, Herbs, and Garlic | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 8 garlic cloves; 3 tablespoons chopped fresh thyme leaves; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh rosemary leaves; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley leaves; 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 1 tablespoon coarse salt; 3 tablespoons olive oil; 1 (7 to 8-pound) leg of lamb, trimmed of all fat, boned, and butterflied by butcher (4 to 4 3/4 pounds boneless); 1 lemon | INSTRUCTIONS: Finely chop garlic and in a small bowl stir together with remaining herb-rub ingredients. Secure loose flaps of meat, by runnning 2 long metal skewers lengthwise and 2 skewers crosswise through the lamb, bunching the meat together. Put lamb in a large dish and with tip of a sharp small knife held at a 45-degree angle, cut 1/2-inch-deep slits all over lamb, rubbing herb mixture into slits and all over lamb. Marinate lamb at room temperature 1 hour. Prepare grill. Lightly pat lamb dry. On a lightly oiled rack set 5 to 6 inches over glowing coals grill lamb about 10 minutes on each side, or until <END>
INPUT: American, pizzaiola, salt, pepper, olive oil, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Steak Pizzaiola | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 4 (1/2-inch-thick) top blade beef chuck steaks (1 1/4 lb total); 1 1/2 teaspoons salt; 3/4 teaspoon black pepper; 1/4 cup olive oil; 1 medium onion, thinly sliced; 1 yellow bell pepper, cut into 1/4-inch- wide strips; 6 oz white mushrooms, trimmed and thinly sliced; 3 garlic cloves, finely chopped; 3 tablespoons sweet vermouth; 3 tablespoons water; 1 (14- to 15-oz) can diced tomatoes in juice | INSTRUCTIONS: Pat steaks dry and cut 3 (1-inch-long) slits 1 inch apart across center cartilage (to keep meat from curling). Put meat between 2 sheets of plastic wrap and pound to 1/4 inch thick with flat side of a meat pounder or with a rolling pin. Discard plastic wrap and sprinkle steaks with 1 teaspoon salt and 1/2 teaspoon pepper (total). Heat 2 tablespoons oil in a 12-inch heavy skillet over moderately high heat until hot but not smoking, then cook steaks in 2 batches, turning over once, until meat is just medium-rare, 2 minutes per batch. Transfer steaks to a platter as cooked and keep warm, loosely  <END>
INPUT: Asian, stir, honey, unseasoned rice vinegar, sesame oil, pepper flakes, Salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Green Bean Stir-Fry | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons honey; 2 tablespoons unseasoned rice vinegar; 1 tablespoon sesame oil; 1 teaspoon red pepper flakes; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 tablespoons vegetable oil; 1 pound green beans, washed and trimmed, cut into 1-inch pieces; 2 cloves garlic, minced; 1-inch piece ginger, minced | INSTRUCTIONS: Whisk together honey, rice vinegar, sesame oil, red pepper flakes, salt and pepper, to taste, in a small bowl; set aside. Heat the oil in a wok or large skillet on high heat. Add the green beans and cook, stirring 2 to 3 minutes until dark green and caramelized. Add the garlic and ginger, stirring constantly for 2 minutes longer. Add the sauce, stir to incorporate and heat another minute. Transfer to a serving dish and serve. <END>
INPUT: baking apples like, Juice zest lemon, unsalted butter, dark sugar, currants
OUTPUT: TITLE: Baked Apples | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 large red baking apples like Rome Beauty, Cortland, or Gala; Juice and finely grated zest of 1 lemon; 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened; 3 packed tablespoons dark brown sugar; 1/4 cup dried currants; 1/4 cup broken walnut pieces, toasted; Six 3-inch whole cinnamon sticks; 1/2 cup apple cider; 1/2 cup dark rum, cider, or water | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Slice off about 1/4-inch of the top of each apple. (The apple tops are perfect for snacking.) Scoop out the seeds and core of the apple with a melon-baller to make a pocket. Peel off about a 1/2-inch band of the apple's skin along the upper half of the apple with a vegetable peeler. Brush the peeled part and the interior of the apple with lemon juice. In a small mixing bowl, combine the butter, lemon zest, and sugar. Add the currants and nuts. Place some of the butter mixture and a cinnamon stick in each of the apples. Place the apples in an ovenproof baking  <END>
INPUT: sangria, sparkling rose wine, orange flavored liqueur, cantaloupe syrup, cantaloupe melon, honeydew melon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Melon-Rose Sangria | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 bottle sparkling rose wine, chilled; 1/4 cup orange-flavored liqueur; 1 cup cantaloupe syrup, recipe below; 2 cups sliced cantaloupe melon; 2 cups sliced honeydew melon; 1/2 cup water; 1 small cantaloupe; 2 cups simple syrup (equal parts sugar and water, cooked until sugar is dissolved, then cooled); 1 teaspoons vanilla extract | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large pitcher combine the rose, orange-flavored liqueur, cantaloupe syrup, cantaloupe, and honeydew melon. Stir in the water. Pour into serving glasses and enjoy. To make Cantaloupe Syrup: Seed and peel the cantaloupe and then cut the melon into chunks. Transfer to a blender and process with the simple syrup until smooth. Pour in the vanilla extract and mix to combine. Store the mixture in the refrigerator until ready to use, up to 3 days. <END>
INPUT: American, cheese, sage, unsalted butter, smoked bacon, Salt, elbow macaroni, virgin olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Classic Macaroni and Cheese with Smoked Bacon, Aged Cheddar and Fresh Sage | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 to 3 tablespoons unsalted butter; 8 ounces smoked bacon, chopped; Salt; 1 pound dried elbow macaroni; Extra-virgin olive oil, as needed; 1 cup finely diced Vidalia onion; 2 tablespoons fresh minced garlic; 2 tablespoons all-purpose flour; 3 cups milk; 1 cup heavy cream; 1 teaspoon ground nutmeg; 1 teaspoon mustard powder; 5 cups grated aged sharp Cheddar, divided; 1 1/2 cups grated Parmesan, divided; Kosher salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Coat 2 baking dishes with the butter. Place chopped bacon on a baking sheet and cook in oven until half cooked, about 10 minutes. Drain off excess grease, reserve bacon. In a large pot of boiling, salted water, cook elbow macaroni until al dente, about 8 to 10 minutes. Strain, toss lightly in olive oil, reserve. In a saucepan, on medium-high heat, saute bacon with a light amount of olive oil. Add the onion and cook until translucent then add the garlic. Dust with flour, whisk in milk, cream, nutmeg, and mustard powder. Bring to simmer stirring constantly for  <END>
INPUT: French, live crawfish, Kosher salt, unsalted butter, hot sauce, tarragon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Crawfish with Spicy Tarragon Butter | CUISINE: French | INGREDIENTS: 5 pounds live crawfish (Select or True Select); Kosher salt; 3 sticks unsalted butter, slightly softened; 1/4 cup hot sauce, such as Tabasco; 1/4 cup chopped fresh tarragon; 1/4 teaspoon cayenne powder; Freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Add the crawfish to a large pot of salted boiling water. Cook for about 30 seconds. Shock the crawfish in a bowl filled with ice water. Cut through the shell on the belly side the entire length of the crawfish. This will help the meat cook evenly. Remove the vein along the body as well as the sack behind the eyes. Rinse thoroughly. Combine the butter, hot sauce, tarragon and cayenne in a food processor. Process until smooth. Season with salt and pepper. Prepare a charcoal grill for direct grilling. Place the crawfish in a grill basket and grill until the shell tu <END>
INPUT: beef kidneys, olive oil, Coarse salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Beef Kidneys | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 beef kidneys (about 1 1/2 pounds); 1 tablespoon olive oil; Coarse salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Place beef kidneys on the heated grill. Brush with olive oil. Season with salt and pepper. Cook until firm to the touch but slightly pink in the center, about 10 to 15 minutes.; <END>
INPUT: sherbet, brittle, water, sugar, buttermilk, vanilla extract, Vegetable oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Buttermilk Sherbet with Spicy Peanut Brittle | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups water; 1 cup sugar; 2 cups buttermilk; 1/4 teaspoon vanilla extract; Vegetable oil; 1/2 cup water; 2 cups sugar; 1/4 teaspoon cream of tartar; 1 cup light corn syrup; 1 teaspoon cinnamon; 1 teaspoon toasted, ground ancho chile pepper; 1 teaspoon ground cumin; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 2 cups roasted, salted peanuts; 1 teaspoon baking soda | INSTRUCTIONS: Make the sherbet: Combine the sugar and water in a saucepan and bring to a boil. Let cool slightly, then whisk in the buttermilk and vanilla. Refrigerate until cold, then freeze in an ice cream machine. Using vegetable oil, generously oil a sheet pan (preferably one with sides), at least 11 by 17 inches. In a heavy saucepan, big enough to accommodate the additional ingredients, combine the water, sugar, cream of tartar, and corn syrup and bring to a boil over medium heat. Using a candy thermometer, boil the mixture until it reaches 350 degrees F. Remove from the heat and, working quickly, whis <END>
INPUT: Italian, bevy, fava beans, young Romano beans, wax beans, basil leaves, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Bevy of Beans and Basil | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound fresh fava beans, shelled, or 1 cup shelled fresh or frozen edamame (soybeans; 3/4 pound in pods); 3/4 pound young fresh Romano beans (Italian flat beans), stemmed and cut diagonally into 1 1/2-to 2-inch pieces; 1/2 pound green or wax beans, trimmed and halved crosswise; 1/4 cup packed basil leaves; 2 garlic cloves, finely chopped; 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 3 tablespoons water; 1 1/2 teaspoons grated lemon zestepi:recipelink; 2 1/2 teaspoons fresh lemon juice, or to taste | INSTRUCTIONS: Blanch fava beans in a pot of boiling well-salted water 1 minute, then transfer with a slotted spoon to an ice bath to stop cooking. Transfer favas with slotted spoon to a small bowl. Cook Romano beans in same pot of boiling water, stirring occasionally, until just tender, about 5 minutes, then transfer to ice bath to stop cooking. Drain well and transfer to a bowl. Cook green beans in same pot until just tender, 6 to 7 minutes, then transfer to ice bath. Add to Romano beans. Gently peel skins from fava beans (it's not necessary to peel edamame, if using), then add to other beans. Cut basil in <END>
INPUT: French, wedge brie, honey, almonds, French baguette
OUTPUT: TITLE: Brie with Almonds and Honey | CUISINE: French | INGREDIENTS: 1 wedge of brie, about 12 ounces; 1/4 cup of honey; 1/4 cup toasted sliced almonds; 1 large French baguette | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Place brie in a baking dish. Drizzle with honey and sprinkle With toasted almonds. Bake for 10 minutes. Serve with thick slices of French bread. <END>
INPUT: praline, bacon, light sugar, pecan halves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Praline Bacon | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound thick cut bacon; 2 1/2 ounces light brown sugar, about 6 tablespoons; 1 1/2 ounces pecan halves | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Heat the oven to 400 degrees F. Line a half sheet pan with aluminum foil. Arrange the bacon in a single layer on a cooling rack, and set it in the prepared sheet pan. Bake until the bacon browns and the fat is rendered and bubbly. About 30 to 35 minutes. Meanwhile, combine the brown sugar and pecans in a small food processor. Pulse about 15 times or until the pecans are finely chopped. Remove the bacon from the oven, sprinkle with the brown sugar mixture, and pat down to adhere. Return to the oven a bake until the bacon is crisp, about 10 minutes. Cool on the rac <END>
INPUT: Indian, chutney, bell pepper, mint leaves leaves, lemon juice, garlic, cayenne pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Red Pepper Chutney with Mint and Almonds | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 large red bell pepper, seeded and coarsely chopped; 20 large fresh mint leaves or 30 small leaves, coarsely chopped; 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 1 garlic clove, coarsely chopped; 1/2 teaspoon cayenne pepper; 1/2 teaspoon coarse salt; Freshly ground black pepper; 1 tablespoon chopped slivered blanched almonds; 1 teaspoon chopped fresh dill | INSTRUCTIONS: In a blender combine red pepper, mint, lemon juice, cayenne, salt, and black pepper. Puree until smooth. Add almonds, and blend again. Transfer to a bowl, and stir in the dill.; <END>
INPUT: swordfish steaks, Olive oil, Salt pepper, Grilled Caponata, eggplant
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Swordfish with Grilled Caponata | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 swordfish steaks, 8 ounces each; Olive oil; Salt and freshly ground pepper; Grilled Caponata, recipe follows; 1 medium eggplant, sliced lengthwise; 1 large red onion, peeled and sliced into 1/4-inch thick slices; 4 plum tomatoes, halved; Olive oil, for brushing vegetables, plus 1/2 cup; Salt and freshly ground pepper; 1/4 cup green olives, chopped; 2 tablespoons capers, drained; 1/4 cup golden raisins, plumped in hot water and drained; 2 tablespoons pine nuts, toasted; 3 cloves garlic, finely chopped; Pinch red pepper flakes | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat grill to high. Brush swordfish on both sides with oil and season with salt and pepper. Grill for 3 to 4 minutes per side for medium-well doneness. Remove from the grill and top with some of the Grilled Caponata. Serve. Heat grill to high. Brush eggplant, onion slices, and tomatoes with olive oil and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Grill the eggplant for 6 to 8 minutes per side until golden brown and cooked through. Grill the onions for 3 to 4 minutes per side until golden brown and just cooked through. Grill the tomatoes for 2 minutes per side until charred and slightly soft. Remov <END>
INPUT: hash, vegetable oil, bell pepper, onions
OUTPUT: TITLE: Corned Beef Hash | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons vegetable oil; 1 green bell pepper, diced; 1 red bell pepper, diced; 1 yellow bell pepper, diced; 8 ounces diced onions; 2 pounds sliced cooked red potatoes; 2 ounces roasted garlic, mashed; 1 teaspoon nutmeg; 1 teaspoon salt; 2 teaspoons black pepper; 2 pounds thinly sliced corned beef; 1 bunch green onions, chopped; Neutral oil, for frying; Fried or poached eggs, for serving | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Heat a large pan over medium heat and add the oil. Saute the green, red and yellow bell peppers until tender and transfer to a large bowl. Saute the onions until translucent and add to the bowl. Add the potatoes, garlic, nutmeg, salt and pepper and set aside to cool. Add the corned beef and green onions and mix well. For each serving, heat 1 teaspoon oil in a 6-inch nonstick pan. Add about 1 cup of the hash mixture and cook until brown and crisp, about 5 minutes. Flip and cook the other side until browned, another 5 minutes. Serve with two fried or poached eggs o <END>
INPUT: picker, limes, superfine sugar, peach, mint, rum
OUTPUT: TITLE: Peach Picker | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 limes, cut into chunks, plus wedges for garnish; 1/2 cup superfine sugar; 1 ripe peach, cut into chunks, plus wedges for garnish; 1/2 cup packed fresh mint; 16 ounces white rum; Seltzer, for topping | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine the lime chunks and sugar in a large pitcher. Using a muddler or large wooden spoon, mash the limes to release the juices. Add the peach chunks and mint and lightly muddle to bruise the mint and break up the peaches; stir in the rum. (The mixture can be refrigerated up to 6 hours.) Just before serving, pour the peach-rum mixture into ice-filled glasses and top with seltzer. Garnish with peach wedges. <END>
INPUT: French, cakes, salmon fillet, egg, fine bread crumbs, Dijon mustard, lime zest
OUTPUT: TITLE: Salmon Cakes with Tarragon-Chive Dipping Sauce | CUISINE: French | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 pounds skinless boneless salmon fillet; 1 large egg; 1/2 cup fine fresh bread crumbs; 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard; 1 teaspoon freshly grated lime zest; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/8 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; Garnish: lime wedges; Accompaniment:Tarragon-Chive Dipping Sauce | INSTRUCTIONS: Pat salmon dry and with a sharp knife cut into roughly 1/3-inch cubes. In a medium bowl lightly beat egg and gently stir in salmon and remaining ingredients until just combined. Heat a 12-inch nonstick skillet over moderate heat and, working in batches, drop 2-tablespoon measures of salmon mixture about 1 inch apart into skillet. Cook cakes until undersides are golden, about 1 minute. Turn cakes over and cook until just cooked through, about 1 minute more. Transfer cakes as cooked to a platter. Salmon cakes may be made 1 day ahead and chilled, covered. Bring cakes to room temperature before se <END>
INPUT: Asian, salad, sushi, salmon, bell pepper, celery, scallion, plain nonfat Greek
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cucumber Salmon Salad "Sushi" | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: One 6-ounce can salmon, drained and bones removed; 1/2 cup 1/4-inch diced red bell pepper; 1/3 cup 1/4-inch diced celery; 3 tablespoons 1/8-inch sliced green scallion; 3 tablespoons plain nonfat Greek yogurt; 2 tablespoons lemon juice; 1/4 teaspoon kosher salt; 1 pound Persian cucumbers | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Combine the salmon, red pepper, celery, scallions, yogurt, lemon juice and salt in a bowl; mash with a fork. Cut the tips off each end of the cucumbers; cut each cucumber across into 1-inch pieces. Use a melon baller to scoop out the center of each slice of cucumber, taking care to leave the walls intact and enough of a base to hold the salmon salad. Fill each cucumber with 2 to 3 teaspoons of the salmon salad and refrigerate until ready to serve. <END>
INPUT: Italian, egg yolks, basil, garlic, anchovy fillets, wine vinegar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Salmon with Basil Aïoli | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 2 large egg yolks (preferably organic); 2 tablespoons chopped fresh basil; 2 garlic cloves, minced; 2 anchovy fillets, minced (1 1/3 teaspoons); 1/2 teaspoon red wine vinegar; 1/2 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce; 1 cup olive oil; 1 tablespoon warm water; 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice; 1/4 teaspoon (generous) hot pepper sauce; Olive oil (for brushing); 1 2 1/2- to 3-pound skinless salmon fillet (about 1 inch thick); Blistered Baby Zucchini, Baby Pattypan Squash, and Grilled Tomatoes | INSTRUCTIONS: For basil aioli: Whisk egg yolks, basil, garlic, anchovies, vinegar, and Worcestershire sauce in medium bowl. Whisk in 2 tablespoons oil a few drops at a time, then gradually whisk in remaining oil in thin stream. Whisk in 1 tablespoon warm water, lemon juice, and hot pepper sauce. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Cover and chill. DO AHEAD: Can be made 1 day ahead. Keep chilled. Whisk egg yolks, basil, garlic, anchovies, vinegar, and Worcestershire sauce in medium bowl. Whisk in 2 tablespoons oil a few drops at a time, then gradually whisk in remaining oil in thin stream. Whisk in 1 table <END>
INPUT: American, vegan butter, unbleached all purpose, kosher salt, evaporated cane juice, ice water
OUTPUT: TITLE: Vegan Pumpkin Pie | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup vegan butter, chilled and cut into 1/2 inch cubes; 2 1/4 cups unbleached all-purpose flour; 1 teaspoon kosher salt; 1 tbsp evaporated cane juice sugar; 1/3 to 1/2 cup ice-cold water; 2 1/4 cups drained soft silken tofu; 1 cup canned organic pumpkin purée; 1 cup plus 1 tablespoon cold vegan cream cheese, cut into 1-inch chunks; 1 1/4 cups evaporated cane juice sugar; 1/2 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg; 1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1/2 teaspoon ground cloves; 1 tablespoon vanilla extract | INSTRUCTIONS: Place the butter and flour in the freezer for at least 30 minutes. Place the chilled flour, the salt, and the cane juice sugar in the bowl of a food processor and pulse to combine. Scatter the butter cubes over the flour and pulse until the mixture forms coarse crumbs. With the motor running, add 1/3 cup of the water through the feed tube and mix until the dough just starts to form a ball on the blade. Add more water, 1 tablespoon at a time, if the dough seems too dry. Transfer the dough to a lightly floured work surface and shape it into a disk. Wrap tightly in plastic wrap and freeze the dou <END>
INPUT: Four, Kosher salt pepper, olive oil, sweet onion, bell pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: One-Pot Pan Seared Chicken Breasts with Cherry Tomatoes and White Beans | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Four 6-ounce boneless, skinless chicken breasts; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1 medium sweet onion, such as Vidalia, chopped; 1 medium red bell pepper, chopped; 3 cloves garlic, chopped; 1/4 teaspoon red pepper flakes; 3/4 cup low-sodium chicken broth; 1/4 cup dry white wine, such as Pinot Grigio; 2 cups cherry tomatoes; One 15-ounce can white beans, rinsed and drained; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat a large high-sided skillet over medium-high heat. Season the chicken breasts on both sides with salt and pepper. Add the olive oil to the skillet, and once hot, add the chicken breasts. Cook until nice and golden brown, about 6 minutes per side. Remove the chicken to a plate and reserve. Reduce the heat to medium, add the onion and bell pepper and cook, stirring frequently, until softened, about 5 minutes. Stir in the garlic and red pepper flakes and cook, stirring, until the garlic is soft and fragrant, about 2 minutes. Pour in the chicken broth and wine and stir with a wooden spoon to s <END>
INPUT: Italian, frittata, onions, olive oil, plum tomatoes, Salt, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Frittata with Tomatoes, Onions and Basil | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 6 medium onions, thinly sliced; 6 tablespoons olive oil; 8 ounces plum tomatoes, peeled; Salt; Black pepper, freshly ground; 6 eggs; 2 tablespoons freshly grated Parmesan; 2 ounces butter; Handful fresh basil | INSTRUCTIONS: Sweat the onions in the oil until just browning. Chop the tomatoes and add to the onions with salt to taste. Cook for 10 minutes, stirring occasionally. Press the vegetables to the side of the pan and remove to a bowl with a slotted spoon. Leave to cool. Beat the eggs until well mixed but not frothy. Add the vegetables, cheese, a good quantity of pepper and salt to taste. Tear up the basil leaves, add and stir everything together. Melt the butter in a 12 inch nonstick frying ban until just foaming. Pour in the egg mixture, lower the heat and cook for 15 minutes until the eggs are set but the t <END>
INPUT: cakey, cookies, all purpose flour, salt, baking soda, unsalted butter, light sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Crispy-Cakey Chocolate Chip Cookies | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 1/4 cups all-purpose flour; 1 1/4 teaspoons salt; 3/4 teaspoon baking soda; 2 sticks unsalted butter, softened; 3/4 cup packed light brown sugar; 3/4 cup granulated sugar; 2 large eggs, at room temperature; 2 teaspoons vanilla extract; 2 cups semisweet chocolate chips | INSTRUCTIONS: Whisk the flour, salt and baking soda in a large bowl. Beat the butter, brown sugar and granulated sugar in a bowl with a mixer on medium speed until light and fluffy, about 5 minutes (use the paddle attachment for a stand mixer). Beat in the eggs one at a time, then beat in the vanilla. Reduce the mixer speed to low, add the flour mixture and beat until combined. Stir in the chocolate chips by hand. Press plastic wrap directly onto the surface of the dough and refrigerate at least 1 hour or preferably overnight. Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Line 2 baking sheets with parchment paper. Dro <END>
INPUT: salad, skinned new potatoes, scallions, fennel ferns, mayonnaise
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Potato and Fennel Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 16 to 18 red-skinned new potatoes (about 2 pounds), scrubbed; 1/2 cup diced (1/4-inch) fennel bulb; 3 scallions, thinly sliced on the diagonal; 1/3 cup plus 1 tablespoon chopped fennel ferns; 1/2 cup mayonnaise; 1/2 cup sour cream or nonfat plain yogurt; Salt and coarsely ground black pepper, to taste | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 400°F. Prick the potatoes and place on a baking sheet. Bake until crisp and tender, about 1 hour. When cool enough to handle, quarter the potatoes and place in a bowl with the diced fennel, scallions and 1/3 cup of the fennel ferns. Combine the mayonnaise and sour cream, then fold into the potato salad. Season well with salt and pepper. Garnish with the remaining tablespoon of fennel ferns. Preheat the oven to 400°F. Prick the potatoes and place on a baking sheet. Bake until crisp and tender, about 1 hour. When cool enough to handle, quarter the potatoes and place in a bowl <END>
INPUT: panna, cotta, gelatin, heavy cream, sugar, vanilla bean, figs
OUTPUT: TITLE: Panna Cotta with Roasted Figs and Balsamic | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 sheets gelatin; 4 cups heavy cream; 1 cup sugar, plus 2 tablespoons; 1 vanilla bean; 1 pint figs, cut in 1/2 lengthwise; 1/4 cup high quality balsamic vinegar | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: 6 (6-ounce) serving dishes. In a small bowl, submerse the gelatin sheets in cool water to soften. In a small saucepan combine the cream and 1 cup sugar. Slit the vanilla bean lengthwise and scrape the seeds. Add the seeds and the hull of the vanilla bean to the saucepan. Whisk to combine. Bring the mixture to a boil and turn off immediately. Remove the softened gelatin sheets from the cool water and whisk into the hot cream mixture. Remove and discard the vanilla bean. Pour immediately into serving dishes and refrigerate for 2 to 3 hours or overnight. Preheat the oven to 350 <END>
INPUT: cocktails, sugar, fennel seeds, coriander seeds, cranberry juice, pear brandy
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pear-Cider Cocktails | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup sugar; 1 tablespoon fennel seeds; 1 tablespoon coriander seeds; 2 cups white cranberry juice; 3/4 cup pear brandy; 2 pears, thinly sliced; 1 750-ml bottle dry sparkling hard cider | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring 1/2 cup water, the sugar, and fennel and coriander seeds to a simmer in a small saucepan over high heat. Reduce the heat to medium low; cook until the sugar dissolves, about 5 minutes. Let cool, then transfer to an airtight container and refrigerate overnight. A few hours before serving, strain the syrup into a pitcher. Add the cranberry juice, brandy and pears. Refrigerate until ready to serve. Add the sparkling cider to the pitcher and stir. Serve over ice. Photograph by Con Poulos <END>
INPUT: sugar, zest lemon, zest lime, water, lemon juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Marinated Fresh Berries | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons sugar; Grated zest 1 lemon; Grated zest 1 lime; 1 cup water; 1 tablespoon freshly squeezed lemon juice; 1 tablespoon freshly squeezed lime juice; 1/4 teaspoon pure vanilla extract; 1/2 pint raspberries, rinsed; 1/2 pint blueberries, rinsed; 1/2 pint strawberries, rinsed, tops trimmed, halved or quartered, if large; 1 pint vanilla frozen yogurt | INSTRUCTIONS: In a small saucepan, combine the sugar, citrus zests, and water. Bring to a simmer and cook until the sugar has dissolved. Remove from the heat and add the citrus juices and vanilla. Combine the berries in a bowl. Pour the warm syrup over the berries and marinate at room temperature for 30 minutes. Serve marinated berries over a scoop of vanilla frozen yogurt. <END>
INPUT: bundt, mini, boxes lemon cake, boxes packaged lemon, eggs, rose soda
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lemon Rose Bundt Cake with Mini Rose Bundt Cakes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Nonstick spray; 2 boxes lemon cake mix; 2 boxes packaged lemon pudding mix (not instant); 6 eggs; 1 1/4 cups rose soda; 2/3 cup oil; 1 box confectioners' sugar; 1/2 cup water; 1 tablespoon rose syrup | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Spray a rose Bundt pan and mini rose Bundt pan with nonstick spray. In a mixer fitted with the whisk attachment, combine cake mix, pudding mix, eggs and rose soda. Add oil, mix until smooth. Divide batter into prepared pans, bake until tester inserted in the center comes out clean, about 35 minutes for the large cake, about 20 minutes for the mini cakes. Cool on wire racks. In a bowl, combine confectioners' sugar, water and rose syrup. Whisk to form a smooth glaze. Pour glaze into a resealable plastic bag, snip off a corner and drizzle glaze on cooled cakes. <END>
INPUT: trio, duck breasts, foie gras, Horseradish Parsnip puree, Huckleberry brandy sauce
OUTPUT: TITLE: Trio of Duck Roasted Breast, Leg Confit and Seared Foie Gras with Horseradish Parsnip Puree and Huck | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 duck breasts, recipe follows; 1 cup (8 ounces) duck leg confit, recipe follows; 4 ounces foie gras, recipe follows; 2 cups Horseradish Parsnip puree, recipe follows; 1 cup Huckleberry brandy sauce, recipe follows; Parsnip strips and parsley sprigs for garnish; 4 duck breasts, skin on; 1-ounce canola oil; Salt and pepper; 1-ounce canola oil, plus 10 ounces; 3 duck legs, seasoned with salt and pepper on all sides; 1 white onion, chopped; 4 garlic cloves, whole; 1 celery stalk, chopped; 5 thyme sprigs, whole | INSTRUCTIONS: On 4 warm dinner plates pipe the horseradish parsnip puree through a piping bag slightly off center on each plate. Spoon or ladle the huckleberry brandy sauce around the parsnip puree. Place a quarter of the hot duck confit around 1/2 of the parsnip puree towards the center of the plate. Place the sliced duck breast on top of the confit in a fanned circular fashion. Place 1 piece of foie gras on top of each breast and garnish with a sprig of parsley and fried parsnip strips. Duck Breasts: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. French each breast by scrapping the meat, skin and tissue off of the wi <END>
INPUT: Mexican, long grain rice, long ginger, low salt chicken, cilantro, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Ginger-Cilantro Rice | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup long-grain white rice; 2 1-inch-long pieces fresh ginger, peeled, each cut into 4 rounds, plus plus 1 teaspoon minced peeled fresh ginger; 1 2/3 cups low-salt chicken broth; 1 1/3 cups chopped fresh cilantro; 1 green onion, thinly sliced; 3 tablespoons vegetable oil; 1 tablespoon Asian sesame oil; 1 teaspoon (or more) unseasoned rice vinegar | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine rice and ginger rounds in large saucepan. Add broth; sprinkle with salt. Bring to boil, stirring often. Cover; reduce heat to low. Simmer until rice is tender and broth is absorbed, about 18 minutes. Meanwhile, combine chopped cilantro, green onion, and minced ginger in mini processor. Add both oils and 1 teaspoon vinegar. Blend until almost smooth. Season cilantro oil to taste with salt, pepper, and more vinegar, if desired. Transfer rice to bowl. Remove ginger rounds. Mix in cilantro oil and serve. Combine rice and ginger rounds in large saucepan. Add broth; sprinkle with salt. Bring <END>
INPUT: Italian, spaghetti, olive oil, Parmesan, lemon juice, Salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lemon Spaghetti | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound spaghetti; 2/3 cup olive oil; 2/3 cup grated Parmesan; 1/2 cup fresh lemon juice (about 3 lemons); Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 tablespoon lemon zest; 1/3 cup chopped fresh basil leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook the pasta in a large pot of boiling salted water until tender but still firm to the bite, stirring occasionally, about 8 minutes. Meanwhile, whisk the oil, Parmesan, and lemon juice in a large bowl to blend. Drain the pasta, reserving 1 cup of the cooking liquid. Toss the pasta with the lemon sauce, and the reserved cooking liquid, adding 1/4 cup at a time as needed to moisten. Season with salt and pepper. Garnish with lemon zest and chopped basil. <END>
INPUT: Italian, Kosher salt, fettuccine, unsalted butter, shallot, heavy cream
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lemon-Pepper Fettuccine | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: Kosher salt; 12 ounces fettuccine; 1 tablespoon unsalted butter; 1 large shallot, minced; 1 1/4 cups heavy cream; 1 large egg yolk; 1 to 2 teaspoons finely grated lemon zest; 1/3 cup grated pecorino cheese, plus more for garnish; Freshly ground pepper; Crusty bread, for serving (optional) | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add the fettuccine and cook as the label directs. Drain, reserving about 1/2 cup cooking water. Meanwhile, melt the butter in a skillet over medium heat. Add the shallot and a pinch of salt and cook, stirring occasionally, until lightly golden, about 3 minutes. Whisk the cream, egg yolk and lemon zest in a bowl. Reduce the heat to low and add the cream mixture and cheese to the skillet. Cook, whisking, until slightly thickened, about 2 minutes. Season with salt and 2 to 3 teaspoons pepper. Add the pasta to the skillet and toss, adding enough of the  <END>
INPUT: fudge, semisweet chocolate chips, condensed milk, peppermint candies
OUTPUT: TITLE: Quick and Easy Peppermint Fudge | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Cooking spray, for spraying foil; 3 cups semisweet chocolate chips; 1 can sweetened condensed milk; Red peppermint candies, crushed, for topping | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Line an 8-by-8-inch square baking pan with aluminum foil. Spray the foil with cooking spray. In a medium saucepan over low heat, combine the chocolate chips and sweetened condensed milk and stir until it's all melted and smooth. Pour it into the prepared pan and spread to even out the surface. Sprinkle on the crushed candies. Refrigerate for 2 hours. Lift the foil out of the pan and peel off the fudge. Cut into small squares. <END>
INPUT: cake, vegetable oil, all purpose flour, baking powder, kosher salt, eggs
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lemon Cake with Raspberries and Pistachios | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Nonstick vegetable oil spray; 1 3/4 cups all-purpose flour; 1 1/2 teaspoon baking powder; 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt; 4 large eggs; 1 1/4 cups plus 2 tablespoons sugar; 2 teaspoons vanilla extract; 2 tablespoons finely grated lemon zest; 1 tablespoon plus 1/4 cup fresh lemon juice; 3/4 cup olive oil; 1 cup fresh raspberries (about 4 ounces); 3 tablespoons chopped unsalted, raw pistachios | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350°. Coat a 9" diameter cake pan with nonstick spray. Whisk flour, baking powder, and salt in a small bowl. Using an electric mixer, beat eggs and 1 cup sugar until light and fluffy, about 5 minutes. With mixer running, add vanilla and 1 tablespoon lemon juice, then gradually add oil, mixing just until combined. Fold in lemon zest and dry ingredients. Scrape batter into prepared pan and smooth top. Scatter berries over cake, then pistachios and 2 tablespoons sugar. Bake cake until a tester inserted into the center comes out clean, 45-55 minutes. Meanwhile, bring remaining 1/4  <END>
INPUT: French, crepe, cake, milk, eggs, all purpose flour, unsweetened cocoa powder, granulated sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Dulce de Leche Crepe Cake | CUISINE: French | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/4 cups whole milk; 4 large eggs; 1 1/4 cups all-purpose flour; 1/4 cup unsweetened cocoa powder (Dutch-process or natural); 1/4 cup granulated sugar; 3/4 teaspoon vanilla extract; 1/8 teaspoon kosher salt; Unsalted butter, melted, for brushing; 2 sticks unsalted butter, softened; 2 3/4 cups plus 1 tablespoon confectioners' sugar; 1 cup dulce de leche (jarred or canned), plus more for drizzling; 1 cup heavy cream | INSTRUCTIONS: Make the crepes: Combine the milk, eggs, flour, cocoa powder, granulated sugar, vanilla and salt in a blender and process until smooth. Refrigerate the batter 30 minutes. Lightly brush a 10-inch nonstick skillet with melted butter and place over medium heat. Add a scant 1/4 cup of batter and quickly swirl the pan to coat the bottom. Cook until set on top and golden on the bottom, about 30 seconds. Carefully lift the edge of the crepe with a rubber spatula, then flip with your fingers and cook 20 more seconds. Invert the crepe onto a plate. Repeat with the remaining batter to make 14 to 18 crep <END>
INPUT: southern, skewers, oil, eggs, all purpose flour, Cajun seasoning
OUTPUT: TITLE: Southern Fried Lobster and Shrimp Skewers | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups oil, for frying; 4 (6 1/2-inch) rosemary sprigs; 2 eggs; 1 cup all-purpose flour; 3 tablespoons Cajun seasoning; Salt; 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 8 large shrimp; 4 ounces lobster meat | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oil to 325 degrees F. Remove leaves from the rosemary 5 inches from base of stem to make skewers. Whip the eggs in a small bowl. In a another bowl, combine the flour, Cajun seasoning, salt, and freshly ground black pepper. On each skewer, place 2 shrimp, 1-ounce lobster meat, and 2 shrimp. Repeat this for all skewers. Roll each skewer in seasoned flour, then egg, then flour again and repeat this on each skewer twice, making sure to only coat the lobster and shrimp. Check temperature on oil and begin frying. Fry each skewer for 4 to 5 minutes or until batter is golden brown. Serve. <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, black, tapenade, Niçoise olives, French olives, Oven Tomatoes, capers, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Black and Green Olive Tapenade | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup Niçoise olives, pitted; 1 cup small green French olives (Picholine), pitted; 1/4 cup Oven-Dried Tomatoes , drained; 1 tablespoon capers; 1 garlic clove; 1 anchovy fillet; 1/2 tablespoon chopped fresh basil leaves; 1/2 tablespoon chopped fresh thyme leaves; 1/2 tablespoon chopped fresh flat-leaf parsley leaves; 1/4 tablespoon chopped fresh oregano leaves; 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil | INSTRUCTIONS: In a food processor, combine all the ingredients except the olive oil. Using the pulse button, process until coarsely chopped and well blended. Continue to process, slowly adding the olive oil. Refrigerate in a covered container. Use as needed. In a food processor, combine all the ingredients except the olive oil. Using the pulse button, process until coarsely chopped and well blended. Continue to process, slowly adding the olive oil. Refrigerate in a covered container. Use as needed. To prepare ahead: Tapenade will keep up to 1 week, refrigerated, in a covered container. Tapenade will keep up <END>
INPUT: Italian, gratin, pinto kidney beans, Italian sausage, olive oil, onion, fennel bulb
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pinto Bean, Sausage, and Fennel Gratin | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound dried pinto or red kidney beans, soaked in enough cold water to cover them by 2 inches overnight or quick-soaked (procedure follows); 1 pound Italian sausage, casings discarded and the meat chopped; 1 tablespoon olive oil; 2 cups finely chopped onion; 3 cups thinly sliced fennel bulb (about 1 large bulb); 1 large red bell pepper, cut into thin strips; 1 teaspoon dried basil, crumbled; 1 teaspoon dried thyme, crumbled; 1/2 cup chicken broth; a 10-ounce can artichoke hearts, rinsed, drained well, and each heart cut into 8 pieces; 1/2 cup minced fresh parsley leaves; 1 cup fresh bread crumbs; 1 cup freshly grated Parmesan; 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, cut into bits | INSTRUCTIONS: In a kettle combine the beans with enough cold water to cover them by 2 inches and simmer them, covered, for 1 to 1 1/2 hours, or until they are tender. Drain the beans in a colander set over a large bowl and reserve the cooking liquid. In a large heavy skillet cook the sausage over moderate heat, stirring and breaking up any lumps, until it is cooked through and transfer it with a slotted spoon to a bowl. To the fat remaining in the skillet add the oil and in the fat cook the onion, the fennel, the bell pepper, the basil, the thyme, and salt and pepper to taste over moderate heat, stirring, u <END>
INPUT: sandwiches, Two, blackened seasoning, unsalted butter, wheat berry bread, almond butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Blackened Chicken Sandwiches with Almond Butter and Red Pepper Jam | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Two 6- to 8-ounce boneless, skinless chicken breasts; 1 tablespoon blackened seasoning; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 8 slices wheat berry bread; 4 to 6 tablespoons almond butter; 4 tablespoons red pepper jam | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Coat the chicken breasts on both sides with the blackened spice mix. Heat the butter over medium heat in a cast-iron skillet. Cook the chicken halfway, about 5 minutes. Flip and repeat until the center is no longer pink, 5 to 6 more minutes. Let the chicken rest before slicing against the grain into 1/4-inch-thick pieces. Toast the bread, then spread 1 to 1 1/2 tablespoons almond butter on one side of each of 4 slices. Spread 1 tablespoon pepper jam on one side of each of the remaining 4 slices. Divide the chicken among the 4 slices with almond butter, then top e <END>
INPUT: mashed, size Yukon gold, unsalted butter, garlic, kosher salt, half half
OUTPUT: TITLE: Shrimp Mashed Potatoes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 pounds medium-size Yukon gold potatoes, peeled and diced; 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature; 2 cloves garlic, peeled; 1 tablespoon plus 1 teaspoon kosher salt; 1/4 to 1/2 cup half-and-half, at room temperature; 2 small lemons, zested; 2 1/2 teaspoons chopped fresh chives; 2 1/2 teaspoons chopped fresh Italian parsley; 2 1/2 teaspoons chopped fresh thyme; 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature; 12 ounces medium shrimp (about 30 per pound), peeled and deveined; 1/4 teaspoon kosher salt; 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. For the potatoes: Place the potatoes, 2 tablespoons of the butter, garlic and 1 tablespoon salt in a large saucepan. Add enough cold water to cover the potatoes by 1 inch. Bring to a boil over medium-high heat. Simmer until tender, 15 to 20 minutes. Remove the garlic cloves. Drain the potatoes in a colander. Place the potatoes back into the saucepan. Add the remaining 4 tablespoons butter and the half-and-half. Using a hand masher, mash the potatoes until smooth. Stir in the zest, chives, parsley, thyme, the remaining1 teaspoon salt and 1/2 teaspoon pepper. Keep  <END>
INPUT: flambeed, mincemeat, tart apple, lemon, seedless grapes, dark raisins, golden raisins
OUTPUT: TITLE: Vanilla Ice Cream with Flambeed Fresh Mincemeat | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 tart apple; l/2 lemon, zested and juiced; 6 ounces seedless grapes, halved; 1/2 cup dark raisins; 1/2 cup golden raisins; 1/3 cup light brown sugar; 1/4 cup slivered almonds; 1 tablespoon chopped candied orange peel; 1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1/2 teaspoon ground allspice; 1/4 teaspoon ground cloves; 2 tablespoons butter; 1/2 cup dark rum; 1 quart vanilla ice cream | INSTRUCTIONS: Peel, core and dice the apple and mix it in a large bowl with the grated lemon rind and juice so the apple does not discolor. Stir in the grapes, dark and golden raisins, sugar, almonds, candied orange peel, cinnamon, allspice, and cloves until evenly mixed. Scoop the ice cream into individual bowls. Melt the butter in a large frying pan and add the mincemeat. Fry it, stirring constantly, until very hot and the juice runs from the fruit, 3 to5 minutes. Pull the fruit to one side of the pan and add the rum in the other. Heat it until almost boiling, then flame it. Stir it into the hot fruit so  <END>
INPUT: Mexican, jeff, salsa, sweet Vidalia onion, limes, kosher salt, corn
OUTPUT: TITLE: Jeff's Fresh Black Bean Salsa | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 large sweet Vidalia onion, diced; 2 to 3 fresh limes, juiced; 1 tablespoon kosher salt; 4 large or 5 small ears fresh corn, shucked (or substitute 1 1/2 cups defrosted frozen corn); 2 (28-ounce) cans good quality whole peeled tomatoes (recommended: Tuttorosso brand); 2 cans black beans, drained and rinsed (recommended: Goya); 1 large green pepper, diced; 1 cup chopped cilantro leaves; 1 tablespoon ground cumin; 1 habanero or Scotch bonnet pepper, finely minced with seeds (see Cook's Note) | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large bowl, mix together the diced onion, juice of 2 limes, and kosher salt. Let stand at room temperature for 10 to 20 minutes (this will soften the bite of the onion). In a large pot with a steamer insert add about 2 inches of water. Add the corn and steam until just cooked through, about 5 to 8 minutes. Then shock the corn in cold water until cool to the touch. With a paring knife, carefully shave off the niblets onto a cutting board. A good way to do this is to slice off about 1/2-inch of the end of the corn cob. Hold the cob upright with the flat end on the board and shave with knife <END>
INPUT: baby spinach leaves, good olive oil, garlic, kosher salt, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Garlic Sauteed Spinach | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 pounds baby spinach leaves; 2 tablespoons good olive oil; 2 tablespoons chopped garlic (6 cloves); 2 teaspoons kosher salt; 3/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 1 tablespoon unsalted butter; Lemon; Sea or kosher salt, optional | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Rinse the spinach well in cold water to make sure it's very clean. Spin it dry in a salad spinner, leaving just a little water clinging to the leaves. In a very large pot or Dutch oven, heat the olive oil and saute the garlic over medium heat for about 1 minute, but not until it's browned. Add all the spinach, the salt, and pepper to the pot, toss it with the garlic and oil, cover the pot, and cook it for 2 minutes. Uncover the pot, turn the heat on high, and cook the spinach for another minute, stirring with a wooden spoon, until all the spinach is wilted. Using <END>
INPUT: pierogies, eggs, sour cream, salt, all purpose flour
OUTPUT: TITLE: Potato and Mushroom Pierogies with Roasted Apples | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 large eggs, plus 1 egg for egg wash; 1/2 cup (1 stick) melted unsalted butter, cooled; 1/2 cup sour cream; 1 teaspoon salt; 5 cups all-purpose flour, plus more for dusting; 1 pound potatoes, peeled and cubed; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, plus more for sautéing; 1 large leek; 10 ounces mushrooms, finely chopped; 4 sprigs fresh thyme; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 cup heavy cream; Chopped fresh flat-leaf parsley, for garnish; Roasted Apples, recipe follows; 3 Gala apples, peeled, cored, and coarsely chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: To make the pierogi dough: Mix the 4 eggs, butter, sour cream, and salt together in a bowl with a whisk. Sift the flour onto a flat work surface and make a well in the center, pour the wet ingredients into the crater. Stir the mixture together with a fork, gradually incorporating the flour into the well until a soft dough forms. Squeeze the dough with your hands, if it¿s too sticky, add a bit of flour; if it¿s not pliable, add a couple of drops of water. Knead the dough, adding only as much additional flour as needed to keep the dough from sticking, until it is smooth and elastic, about 5 minu <END>
INPUT: tatsoi, warm, pecans, salt, cayenne, sugar, sea scallops
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tatsoi and Warm Scallop Salad with Spicy Pecan Praline | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/3 cup pecans, chopped fine; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/8 teaspoon cayenne, or to taste; 3 tablespoons sugar; 3/4 pound sea scallops; 1 tablespoon all-purpose flour; 3/4 teaspoon salt; 3/4 teaspoon ground cumin; 1/8 teaspoon cayenne; 1/2 tablespoon unsalted butter; 1 tablespoon olive oil; 3 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 3/4 teaspoon Dijon mustard; 1 large firm-ripe avocado (preferably California) | INSTRUCTIONS: Make praline: In a bowl stir together pecans, salt, and cayenne. In a dry small heavy skillet or saucepan cook sugar over moderate heat, stirring with a fork, until melted and cook, without stirring, swirling skillet or pan, until a golden caramel. Add pecan mixture and stir to coat nuts with caramel. Spoon praline onto a sheet of foil and cool. Transfer praline to a cutting board and chop fine. Praline can be made 3 days ahead and kept in an airtight container. Remove tough muscle from side of each scallop if necessary and halve any large scallops. On a sheet of wax paper combine flour, salt, <END>
INPUT: Mexican, casserole, Salt, Chicken Gravy, chiles, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken Tortilla Casserole | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 4 boneless, skinless chicken breasts; Salt; Chicken Gravy, recipe follows; 1 cup canned green chiles, chopped and drained; 1 medium onion, finely chopped; 1 clove garlic, minced; 1 cup sour cream; 1/2 teaspoon cumin; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/4 teaspoon pepper; Cooking spray; Twenty-four 6-inch corn tortillas; 3 cups shredded Cheddar; 6 tablespoons butter; 6 tablespoons all-purpose flour | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Add the chicken to a large stockpot, cover with water and add a large pinch of salt. Bring to a boil and cook until tender, about 30 minutes. Remove the chicken from the pot and set aside to cool. When cool enough to handle, shred the chicken and set aside. Reserve 3 1/3 cups of the broth (1 cup is for the chicken gravy, supplement with boxed stock if you don't have enough.) Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Spray a 13- by 9-inch baking dish with cooking spray. In a large saucepan, combine 2 1/3 cups of the reserved broth, the Chicken Gravy, green chiles, onions <END>
INPUT: star anise, lamb shanks, olive oil, onions, celery
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lamb Shanks Braised with Anise and Orange | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 8 whole star anise; 6 lamb shanks (about 1 pound each), fat and sinew trimmed; 3 tablespoons olive oil; 3 cups chopped onions; 2 1/2 cups chopped celery; 1 1/2 cups chopped carrots; 2 tablespoons chopped garlic; 4 cups chicken stock or canned low-salt chicken broth; 4 cups beef stock or canned beef broth; 1 cup orange juice; 2 1/2 tablespoons grated orange peel; 1 tablespoon honey | INSTRUCTIONS: Finely grind star anise in spice grinder or in mortar with pestle. Rub half of ground star anise over lamb shanks. Sprinkle lamb with salt and pepper. Heat 2 tablespoons oil in heavy large pot over medium-high heat. Working in batches, add lamb to pot; brown on all sides, about 12 minutes per batch. Transfer lamb to bowl. Add 1 tablespoon oil to pot; add onions, celery, carrots and garlic and sauté until golden, about 10 minutes. Return lamb to pot. Add all stock, orange juice, peel and remaining star anise. Bring to boil. Reduce heat; cover and simmer until lamb is tender, about 1 hour 45 min <END>
INPUT: white, water, shallots, garlic, olive oil, dozen clams, hefeweizen style beer
OUTPUT: TITLE: White Water Clams with Beer and Orange Broth | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup sliced shallots; 8 cloves garlic, smashed; 4 tablespoons olive oil; 4 dozen clams, rinsed well; 1 cup hefeweizen-style beer; 2 cups fish stock; 8 ounces European-style unsalted butter, diced; 2 tablespoons creme fraiche; Salt; 2 oranges, peeled and cut into rounds; 4 tablespoons fresh picked parsley leaves; 1/4 cup champagne vinegar; 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard; Juice of 2 limes; 1 egg | INSTRUCTIONS: For the clams and broth: Saute the shallots and garlic in the olive oil in a large pan with the clams. Pour in the beer to deglaze and add the fish stock. Cook over medium-high heat until all of the clams are open. Stir in the butter and creme fraiche. Season with salt and finish by folding in the orange wheels and parsley leaves. For the bread and aioli: Combine the vinegar, mustard, lime juice and egg in a blender. Blend well until smooth. Slowly drizzle in the oil. Continue adding the oil until aioli consistency. Season with salt. Lightly coat the bread with oil and sprinkle with salt. Toas <END>
INPUT: sauce, veal chop, vegetable oil, butter, shallots, Madeira
OUTPUT: TITLE: Veal Chop with Madeira Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 veal chop, about 1 1/2 inches thick; 2 tablespoons vegetable oil; 3 tablespoons butter; 2 tablespoons chopped shallots; 1/4 cup Madeira; 1/2 tablespoon veal demi-glace; 1/4 cup water; 1 teaspoon chopped thyme | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat oil in skillet over medium-high heat. Add veal chop to skillet and brown on all sides - cook for about 5 minutes on each side. Transfer veal chop to a plate. To the pan add 2 tablespoons butter and 2 tablespoons chopped shallots. Cook until shallots are transparent. Add 1/4 cup Madeira to the pan and reduce by half. Stir in 1/2 tablespoon veal demi-glace and 1/4 cup water. Whisk in 1 tablespoon butter and 1 teaspoon chopped thyme. Spoon sauce over veal. <END>
INPUT: American, cheese, bread, unbleached all purpose, salt, rosemary, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pepper, Rosemary, and Cheese Bread | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: a 1/4-ounce package (2 1/2 teaspoons) active dry yeast; 3 1/2 to 4 1/2 cups unbleached all-purpose flour; 1 1/2 teaspoons salt; 1 tablespoon dried rosemary, crumbled fine; 1 teaspoon freshly ground pepper; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1 cup freshly grated Parmesan (about 3 ounces); 1 cup grated provolone (about 1/4 pound); 2 red bell peppers, roasted (procedure follows) and chopped fine | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large bowl proof the yeast in 1 1/3 cups warm water for 5 minutes, or until the mixture is foamy. Stir in 3 1/2 cups of the flour, the salt, the rosemary, the pepper, the oil, the cheeses, and the bell peppers and stir the mixture until it is combined well. Knead the dough on a floured surface, incorporating as much of the remaining 1 cup flour as necessary to prevent the dough from sticking, for 8 to 10 minutes, or until it is smooth and elastic, transfer it to a lightly oiled bowl, turning it to coat it with the oil, and let it rise, covered with plastic wrap, in a warm place for 1 hour <END>
INPUT: onion, carrot, vegetable oil, wine, thyme
OUTPUT: TITLE: Braised Beef Short Ribs with Root Vegetable Ragoût | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 small onion; 1 medium carrot; 59.15 ml plus 14.79 ml vegetable oil; 236.59 ml cup dry red wine; 3 thyme sprigs; 1 Turkish bay leaf or 1/4 California bay leaf; .89 g cracked black pepper; four .34-Kilogram beef short ribs (sometimes called Flanken); all-purpose flour for dusting ribs; 473.18 ml veal stock; 118.30 ml water if necessary; Accompaniment: root vegetable ragout | INSTRUCTIONS: Slice enough onion and chop enough carrot to measure 20 g each. In a 1.42- to 1.89-litre saucepan cook onions and carrots in 14.79 ml oil over moderate heat 2 to 3 minutes, or until softened but not browned. Add wine, thyme, bay leaf, and pepper and simmer 3 minutes. Transfer mixture to a bowl and cool. In a heavy-duty sealable plastic bag combine ribs and wine mixture. Marinate ribs, chilled, turning them occasionally, at least 8 hours and up to 1 day. Preheat oven to 149°C. Remove ribs from marinade and pat dry. Pour marinade through a sieve into a small saucepan and discard solids. Bring ma <END>
INPUT: Italian, frittata, omelet, Leftover risotto, Parmesan, eggs, tomato sauce, parsley
OUTPUT: TITLE: Frittata di Riso (Rice Omelet) | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: Leftover risotto, or 1 2/3 cups Carnaroli rice (or Vialone nano or Arborio); Generous 1/2 cup freshly grated Parmesan; 2 eggs, beaten; 6 tablespoons fresh tomato sauce; 2 teaspoons chopped fresh parsley; 4 basil leaves; Salt and black pepper; 1/4 to 1/2 stick butter for frying | INSTRUCTIONS: You need a heavy-bottomed frying pan. If it is large, make two frittate. If it is smaller, make four. If you have no leftover risotto, cook the rice in double the quantity of boiling salted water for 10 minutes and drain. Stir all the other ingredients except for the butter into the cooked rice or risotto. For each frittata, melt 1/8 stick of butter in the pan. Put in enough rice mixture to make a flat, even pizza-like round. Cook on a very low heat, turning the pan round slowly clockwise so that it cooks evenly. When the bottom has turned crisp and golden, cover the pan with a large plate, in <END>
INPUT: Italian, festive, salad, virgin olive oil, Champagne vinegar, shallots, Dijon mustard, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Festive Salad with Tomatoes, Basil and Mozzarella in a Creamy Vinaigrette | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 5 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 3 tablespoons Champagne vinegar; 1 tablespoon minced shallots; 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard; 1 clove garlic, chopped; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 3 ounces mixed field greens; 1 head romaine lettuce, chopped; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 pint cherry tomatoes, halved; 8.5 ounces small mozzarella balls (boccancini); 3 tablespoons pine nuts, toasted; 15 fresh basil leaves, sliced | INSTRUCTIONS: For the dressing: In a jar with a lid, combine the oil, Champagne vinegar, shallots, mustard, garlic and 1/2 teaspoon each salt and pepper. Tightly close the lid and shake so the dressing is well combined. For the salad: Put the mixed greens and romaine in a large bowl. Add enough dressing so that each leaf is lightly coated when tossed. Sprinkle with additional salt and pepper. Transfer the lettuce to a serving platter or bowl. Scatter the tomatoes and mozzarella balls over the salad along with the pine nuts and finally the basil leaves. Serve immediately. <END>
INPUT: Asian, stew, arame, water, quinoa, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Miso Stew | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons arame*; 4 1/2 cups water (preferably filtered); 1/3 cup quinoa** (1 3/4 oz); 1 (1-inch) piece kombu* (kelp); 1/2 medium onion, cut into 3/4-inch pieces; 2 teaspoons extra-virgin olive oil; 2 garlic cloves, thinly sliced; 1/2 lb firm tofu, cut crosswise into 6 slices and each slice quartered; 1/2 carrot, halved lengthwise, then cut crosswise into 1/4-inch-thick slices; 5 fresh shiitake mushrooms, stems discarded and caps thinly sliced; 2 to 3 tablespoons white miso*** (also called shiro miso; not sweet, preferably white rice and soy miso); 1 cup very thinly sliced bok choy or Napa cabbage; 1 teaspoon tamari**** (wheat-free sauce from refined soy), or to taste; 1 scallion, thinly sliced; 1/2 teaspoon dulse flakes***** | INSTRUCTIONS: Soak arame in 1 cup filtered water in a small bowl and set aside. Wash quinoa in 3 changes of cold water in a bowl, draining quinoa in a sieve each time, then put quinoa in a 2- to 3-quart saucepan with kombu and 1 cup filtered water. Simmer, uncovered, until quinoa is just tender, about 20 minutes. Drain in a sieve. About 10 minutes before quinoa is done, cook onion in oil in a 3- to 4-quart heavy saucepan over moderate heat, stirring frequently, until it begins to brown, about 5 minutes, then add garlic and cook, stirring, 30 seconds. Add tofu, carrot, shiitakes, and remaining 2 1/2 cups fil <END>
INPUT: Italian, olive oil, beef, pepper, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lasagna | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1/3 cup olive oil; 1 pound ground beef; 1 teaspoon cracked black pepper, plus extra for coating beef; 1 medium onion, chopped small; 1 red pepper, chopped small; 1 green pepper, chopped small; 6 cloves garlic, minced; 5 leaves basil, finely chopped, plus leaves for garnish; 1 tablespoon fresh chopped oregano leaves; 1 (14-ounce) can tomato sauce; 1 small can tomato paste; 2 teaspoon salt; 1 box dry lasagna noodles; 1 pint ricotta; 1 cup grated Parmesan, plus extra for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat the oil in a large pot on high heat. Add the beef and coat it with pepper. Cook through, about 5 to 6 minutes. Remove the beef from the pot and add in the onions, peppers, 1/2 of the garlic, and herbs. Turn the heat to medium and cook the vegetables until soft. Add in the tomato sauce and paste. Season with salt and pepper and let simmer for 1 hour. Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add the dry lasagna to the boiling water and cook until al dente. Remove and place on baking sheet coated with olive oil. Toss the pasta to coat it completely. Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. In  <END>
INPUT: Mexican, vegetable oil, onion, ginger, garlic, curry paste
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cauliflower and Asian Long Beans in Green Curry and Kaffir Lime Leaves | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 4 tablespoons vegetable oil; 1 cup onion, minced; 1-inch ginger, minced; 3 cloves garlic, minced; 2 tablespoons green curry paste*; 2 stalks lemon grass, cut into 1-inch sections; 2 cups coconut milk; 4 Kaffir lime leaves, finely sliced*; 2 tablespoons fish sauce*; 1 tablespoons sugar; 1 head cauliflower, cut into florets; 2 Asian eggplants, cut into chunks (optional); 1 pound Asian long beans, cut into 1-inch pieces*; 1 fresh green chili, sliced; 1 cup cilantro leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large saucepan, heat the oil and add the onion, ginger and garlic. Cook until softened. Add the curry paste and lemon grass. Pour in one cup of coconut milk, lime leaves, fish sauce and sugar. Bring the sauce to a boil and add the cauliflower. Stir well and cook for 5 minutes. Reduce the heat to a simmer and add the eggplants, long beans, chili and remaining cup of coconut milk. The mixture is done when the eggplant it cooked through yet retains its firmness. Season to taste and add cilantro leaves, retaining a few for garnish. <END>
INPUT: torte, pecans, matzo cake meal, sugar, eggs, lemon zest
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pecan Torte with Strawberries and Cream | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/4 cups pecans (6 1/4 oz); 3 1/2 tablespoons matzo cake meal; 1 cup plus 3 tablespoons sugar; 7 large eggs, separated, at room temperature; 2 teaspoons finely grated fresh lemon zest; 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 1 1/2 cups chilled heavy cream (optional); 3/4 pint strawberries, sliced lengthwise (2 cups); Special equipment: a 10- by 4-inch (12-cup) angel food cake pan with removable bottom | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350°F. Pulse pecans, cake meal, and 3 tablespoons sugar in a food processor until nuts are very finely chopped. Beat yolks and 1/2 cup plus 2 tablespoons sugar in a large bowl with an electric mixer on high speed until pale and very thick. Stir in lemon zest and juice. Beat whites with salt in another bowl with cleaned beaters on high speed until soft peaks form. Gradually beat in 5 tablespoons sugar and beat until whites just hold stiff, glossy peaks. In 3 batches, alternately fold nut mixture and whites into yolk mixture. Spoon batter into ungreased pan and smooth top. Bake c <END>
INPUT: Italian, bruschetta, virgin olive oil, garlic, rosemary, coarse kosher salt, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Bruschetta with Rosemary, Roasted Plum Tomatoes, Ricotta and Prosciutto | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 6 tablespoons plus 1 teaspoon extra-virgin olive oil; 2 large garlic cloves, minced; 2 teaspoons finely chopped fresh rosemary; 1 teaspoon coarse kosher salt; 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 6 large plum tomatoes (about 1 1/2 pounds), quartered lengthwise; 12 1/2-inch-thick diagonally cut baguette slices (each 3 to 4 inches long); 12 tablespoons ricotta cheese, divided; 6 thin prosciutto slices, cut in half crosswise; 1 teaspoon fresh lemon juice; 1 cup microgreens or baby arugula | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 425°F. Stir 6 tablespoons oil, garlic, rosemary, 1 teaspoon coarse salt, and 1 teaspoon pepper in large bowl to blend. Add tomato quarters and stir to coat. Let stand 5 minutes. Line rimmed baking sheet with foil. Lift tomatoes from marinade and arrange, cut side down, on prepared baking sheet (reserve marinade for toasts). Roast tomatoes until skin is browned and blistered and tomatoes are very tender, about 35 minutes. Cool tomatoes on sheet. Maintain oven temperature. Meanwhile, arrange bread slices on another rimmed baking sheet. Brush top of each with reserved marinade (in <END>
INPUT: American, casserole, very onion, soy flour, kosher salt, pepper, garlic powder
OUTPUT: TITLE: Green Bean Casserole | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup very thinly sliced onion; 1/4 cup soy flour; 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt; 1/8 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 1/8 teaspoon garlic powder; 1 pound green beans, ends trimmed; 1 tablespoon vegetable or canola oil; 1/2 cup thinly sliced onion; 8 ounces cremini mushrooms, rinsed and sliced; 1 1/2 teaspoons kosher salt; 1/8 teaspoon garlic powder; 1/8 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 1/2 cup no-sugar, low-sodium chicken broth; 1 teaspoon chopped fresh thyme leaves, plus a few sprigs for garnish; 1/2 cup sour cream | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Special equipment: 10-inch glass pie pan Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Make the Onion Straws: Combine all the ingredients in a small bowl, toss to mix, and arrange in a single layer on a baking sheet. Set aside. Make the Casserole: Bring a small pot of water to boil and season lightly with salt. Boil the green beans until tender, but still crispy, about 5 minutes. Drain and chill beans in an ice water bath or under running cold water. Drain again and transfer to a bowl. Heat the oil in a large pan over medium-high heat. Add onion, mushrooms, salt, garlic, and pe <END>
INPUT: fruit, nonfat yogurt, banana, strawberries, blueberries, mango
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fresh Fruit and Granola | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 8 ounces nonfat yogurt; 1 banana, sliced; 1/4 cup washed and chopped strawberries; 1/4 cup blueberries, washed, optional; 1/4 cup peeled and chopped mango, optional; 2 tablespoons granola | INSTRUCTIONS: Place the yogurt in a bowl and mix in the chopped or sliced fruit of choice. Serve with a mint leaf and a sprinkling of granola. <END>
INPUT: cranberry, cakes, all purpose flour, cranberries, bourbon, fine quality bittersweet
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate Cranberry Cakes with Bourbon Whipped Cream | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/4 sticks (10 tablespoons) unsalted butter; 2 tablespoons all-purpose flour plus additional for dusting molds; 1 cup dried cranberries (4 1/2 oz); 1/4 cup plus 2 teaspoons bourbon; 7 oz fine-quality bittersweet chocolate (not more than 60% cacao if marked), chopped; 1/4 cup pecans, toasted and cooled; 3 large eggs, separated; 1/2 cup packed light brown sugar; 1/2 cup chilled heavy cream; 1 teaspoon confectioners sugar plus additional for dusting; Special equipment: parchment paper; 4 (4- by 1 1/4-inch) tartlet molds with removable bottoms or 4 (8-oz) ramekins (4 inches across and 1 1/4 inches d | INSTRUCTIONS: Put oven rack in middle position and preheat oven to 350°F. Cut out 4 rounds of parchment paper to fit just inside bottom of each mold, then set rounds aside. Melt 2 tablespoons butter, then brush molds with some of it. Line bottom of each mold with a round of parchment and brush parchment with some melted butter. Chill molds 5 minutes (to set butter), then brush parchment and side of each mold with more melted butter. Chill molds 5 minutes more. Dust molds with flour, knocking out excess, and set aside. Simmer cranberries and 1/4 cup bourbon in a small saucepan over low heat until cranberries <END>
INPUT: puree, unsalted butter, shiitake mushrooms, sea scallops, herbes de Provence
OUTPUT: TITLE: Scallops and Shiitake Mushrooms with Pea Puree | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 (10-ounce) package frozen baby peas (2 cups); 3 tablespoons unsalted butter; 4 ounces shiitake mushrooms, preferably without stems; 1 pound sea scallops; 1/2 teaspoon herbes de Provence; 1/3 cup dry vermouth or dry white wine; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 4 chives | INSTRUCTIONS: While the hot-water tap runs, put the peas in a 1 1/2 quart microwave-safe container. Add 3 tablespoons hot tap water, cover and cook in a microwave oven on high power for 7 minutes. Meanwhile, melt 1 1/2 tablespoons of the butter in a large, heavy skillet over medium-high heat. Remove and discard any stems from the mushrooms and thinly slice the caps. Remove the tough, small strip on the sides of the scallops. If necessary, cut the scallops to make them as close to uniform in size as possible. Raise the heat under the skillet to high and add the scallops. Cook for 1 1/2 minutes, turning once  <END>
INPUT: stew, all purpose flour, kosher salt, pepper, pork shoulder, vegetable oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pork and Green Pepper Stew | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/3 cup all-purpose flour; 1 tablespoon kosher salt, plus more for seasoning; 1/4 teaspoon black pepper, plus more for seasoning; 2 pounds boneless pork shoulder, cut into 1-inch pieces; 3 tablespoons vegetable oil; 2 medium yellow onions, roughly chopped; 2 medium green bell peppers, roughly chopped; 2 medium cloves garlic, finely chopped; 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh oregano leaves; 1 quart (4 cups) low-sodium chicken broth; 1 (12 ounce) bottle beer (preferably a lager); 2 teaspoons packed light brown sugar; 1 medium bay leaf | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine flour, salt and pepper in a shallow dish or large plastic bag. Add pork and toss to coat. Heat oil in a 3 to 4-quart Dutch oven or heavy-bottomed saucepan over medium-high heat. When oil shimmers, add half of pork (be sure to shake off excess flour before adding) and cook until brown on all sides, about 5 to 7 minutes. Remove to a plate and repeat with remaining meat. Discard all but about 1 tablespoon of the drippings, return pot to stove, and add onions, peppers, garlic, and oregano. Season with salt and freshly ground black pepper and cook, until golden, about 3 to 5 minutes. Stir i <END>
INPUT: sunny, lemon, chicken, Olive oil, Kosher salt pepper, shakes hot Hungarian
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sunny's Roasted Rosemary and Thyme Chicken, Carrots and Potatoes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 lemon, cut into slices; 1 whole chicken, skin on, cut into parts; Olive oil, for drizzling; Kosher salt and coarsely ground black pepper; 2 to 3 shakes hot Hungarian paprika; 1 pound small potatoes, any larger ones halved; 4 carrots, sliced in half lengthwise; 20 or so fresh thyme sprigs; 2 to 3 fresh rosemary sprigs | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F. On a large baking sheet with sides, add half the lemon slices to half of the sheet and arrange the chicken skin-side up over them. Drizzle with olive oil and season generously with salt and pepper. Hit the chicken with a few dashes of paprika, then move on to the other half of the sheet. Add the potatoes and carrots cut-side down to the empty half of the sheet. Top everything with the thyme and rosemary, then drizzle with olive oil and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Over the portion of the baking sheet with the chicken, add the  <END>
INPUT: olive oil, fennel bulb, lemons, halibut fillets, carrots
OUTPUT: TITLE: Halibut with Carrots, Fennel, Lemon, and Garlic | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup olive oil, divided; 1 large fresh fennel bulb, halved, very thinly sliced, top fronds reserved; 2 large lemons; 1 sliced very thin, 1 cut into 8 wedges; 8 4-ounce halibut fillets; 2 medium carrots, cut into matchstick-size strips; 1 12-ounce container grape tomatoes or cherry tomatoes, halved; 2 large bunches fresh thyme; 2 garlic cloves, peeled | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 450°F. Line large rimmed baking sheet with foil, leaving overhang as long as baking sheet. Brush foil with 1 tablespoon oil. Scatter sliced fennel in center of foil as bed for fish. Top fennel with lemon slices, then fish, spacing slightly apart. Sprinkle fish with salt and pepper. Sprinkle carrots over fish; arrange tomatoes around fish. Drizzle 3 tablespoons oil over fish and tomatoes. Top with 16 thyme sprigs. Cover fish with foil overhang and seal. Bake fish until just opaque in center, about 12 minutes. Meanwhile, blend remaining 3/4 cup olive oil and garlic in blender unt <END>
INPUT: cavatelli, pork shoulder, Kosher salt, olive oil, onion, carrot
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cavatelli with Pork Ragù | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1 1/2-pound boneless pork shoulder (Boston butt), cut into 1 1/2" pieces; Kosher salt, freshly ground pepper; 1/4 cup olive oil, plus more; 1/2 medium onion, finely chopped; 1 carrot, peeled, finely chopped; 1 celery stalk, finely chopped; 1 garlic clove, finely chopped; 1 sprig rosemary; 1 sprig oregano; 1 bay leaf; 1 14-ounce can crushed tomatoes; 1/2 cup dry red wine; 1/4 teaspoon black peppercorns; 1/4 teaspoon ground nutmeg; 1/8 teaspoon ground cloves | INSTRUCTIONS: Season pork with salt and pepper. Heat 1/4 cup oil in a large heavy pot over medium-high heat. Working in batches, cook meat, turning occasionally, until browned, 10–15 minutes; transfer to a large plate. Drain all but 2 tablespoons fat from pot. Reduce heat to medium and cook onion, carrot, celery, and garlic, stirring occasionally, until golden brown, 8–10 minutes. Tie rosemary, oregano, and bay leaf into a bundle with kitchen twine; add to pot along with pork, tomatoes, wine, peppercorns, nutmeg, and cloves. Add water just to cover meat and bring to a boil. Cover, reduce heat, and simmer, a <END>
INPUT: Italian, caponata, basil leaves, olive oil, garlic, wine vinegar, chicken breasts
OUTPUT: TITLE: Basil Marinated Chicken with Caponata | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup basil leaves; 1/2 cup olive oil; 2 cloves garlic; 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar; 4 boneless chicken breasts; Salt and freshly ground pepper; 4 spinach flat breads; 4 slices smoked mozzarella; 2 cups spinach leaves; 1/4 cup olive oil; 2 medium eggplants, cut into 1/2-inch dice; 1 large red onion, finely sliced; 2 stalks celery, sliced 1/2-inch thick; 4 plum tomatoes, cut into 1/2-inch dice; 1 cup green olives, coarsely chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: Place basil, oil, garlic and vinegar in a blender and blend until smooth. Place chicken in a shallow baking dish, add the marinade and turn to coat. Marinate for 2 hours in the refrigerator. Preheat grill. Grill for 4 to 5 minutes on each side or until cooked through. Using side burners of grill. Heat oil in a medium saucepan over medium high heat. Add the onions and cook until soft. Add eggplant, season with salt and pepper to taste and cook until golden brown. Add celery, tomatoes, olives, capers, pine nuts and raisins and cook for 15 minutes. Stir in vinegar and sugar and cook for 10 minute <END>
INPUT: bake, cookies, quick oats, peanut butter, bittersweet chocolate chips, semisweet chocolate chips, toffee bits
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate Toffee No-Bake Cookies | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 cups quick-cooking oats; 1 cup peanut butter; 1/2 cup bittersweet chocolate chips; 1/2 cup semisweet chocolate chips; 1/2 cup toffee bits, plus more for sprinkling; 2 tablespoons softened unsalted butter; 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Line a baking sheet with wax paper. Combine the oats, peanut butter, bitter and semisweet chocolate chips, toffee bits, butter and salt in a medium saucepan. Cook over medium heat, stirring frequently, until the chocolate chips melt, 3 to 5 minutes. Scoop heaping tablespoons of batter onto the baking sheet and sprinkle each cookie with extra toffee bits. Freeze for 15 minutes before serving. The cookies can be stored in the refrigerator in an air-tight container for 1 week. <END>
INPUT: stormy, ginger, allspice berries, turbinado dark sugar, Zest lime juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Dark and Stormy | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 5 ounces fresh ginger, peeled and grated (about 1 cup grated ginger); 2 allspice berries; 2 cloves; 1/2 cup turbinado or dark brown sugar; Zest of 1 lime plus juice of 2 limes; 2 cups sparkling water; 2 ounces dark rum; 1 teaspoon fresh lime juice; Lime slices, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: For the quick ginger beer: In a large saucepan add the grated ginger (along with any juice), allspice berries, cloves, sugar and 2 cups water. Bring to a boil, stirring occasionally, then remove from the heat. Add the lime zest and let steep while it cools, about 30 minutes. Strain into a pitcher and stir in the lime juice. Fill with sparkling water. Serve over ice within one day or use in a dark and stormy cocktail. Makes 5 cups. For the dark and stormy: Fill a highball glass halfway with crushed ice. Add the rum and 5 to 6 ounces ginger beer. Top with lime juice, stir and garnish with lime s <END>
INPUT: grits, creamed, grape tomatoes, tomato, onion, garlic, bacon fat
OUTPUT: TITLE: Shrimp and Grits with Creamed Spinach, Tomato Confit and Smoked Bacon Gastrique | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pint grape tomatoes; 1 green tomato, cored and cut into 1/2-inch dice; 1 red onion, cut into 1/2-inch dice; 5 cloves garlic, peeled and smashed on cutting board with broad side of chef's knife; 2 ounces bacon fat, melted; 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 5 sprigs fresh thyme; 2 bay leaves, fresh if possible; 1 sprig fresh rosemary; 1 sprig fresh sage; Salt and pepper; Pinch of sugar; 2 pounds fresh, mild shrimp (16/20 count), peeled and deveined (shells reserved); Salt and pepper; 2 tablespoons clarified butter | INSTRUCTIONS: For the tomato confit: Preheat the oven to 220 degrees F. Combine the grape tomatoes, green tomato, red onion, garlic, bacon fat, olive oil, thyme, bay leaves, rosemary, sage and a pinch each of salt, pepper and sugar in a small casserole dish. Cover the casserole with foil and place it in the center oven rack. Let cook for at least 2 hours. Carefully remove the foil and inspect the confit: The grape tomatoes should be wilted, but not popped, and the red onions should be nice and brightly translucent. Discard the herb sprigs and bay leaves and keep the confit covered near the stove until ready <END>
INPUT: roast, bundles broccolini, string beans, virgin olive oil, Salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roast Broccolini and Beans | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 bundles broccolini, trim off ends; 1 pound string beans, trimmed; 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; Salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Heat the oven to 425 degrees F. Arrange broccolini and beans on a cookie sheet. Coat the vegetables in oil and season with salt and pepper. Roast 15 to 18 minutes, until nutty and crispy at edges. <END>
INPUT: cakes, Butter flavored, bittersweet chocolate semisweet, slivered almonds, baby amaretti cookies
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mini Chocolate Amaretti Cakes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Butter-flavored nonstick cooking spray; 3/4 cup bittersweet chocolate or semisweet chocolate chips; 1 cup slivered almonds; 1 cup baby amaretti cookies (about 2 ounces); 1 stick (1/2 cup) unsalted butter, room temperature; 2/3 cup sugar; 2 teaspoons grated orange zest; 4 large eggs; Unsweetened cocoa powder, for sifting; Special Equipment: mini cupcake pans | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Spray mini cupcake pans with the nonstick spray. Refrigerate. Microwave the chocolate until melted and smooth, stirring every 20 seconds, for about 1 minute. Combine the almonds and cookies in processor. Pulse until the almonds and cookies are finely ground. Transfer the nut mixture to a medium bowl. Add the butter and sugar to the processor and blend until creamy and smooth. Add the grated orange zest and pulse briefly, until incorporated. Add the eggs 1 at a time. Blend until the eggs are incorporated. Clean the sides of the mixing bowl and blend again. Add <END>
INPUT: grain, Dijon mustard, garlic, rosemary, olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mustard- and Rosemary-Roasted Game Hens | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup whole-grain (coarse) mustard; 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard; 3 large garlic cloves, pressed; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh rosemary or 1 teaspoon dried, crumbled; 1/4 cup olive oil; 2 1 1/4-pound Cornish game hens; Fresh rosemary sprigs (optional) | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 375°F. combine first 4 ingredients in small bowl. Gradually whisk in oil. Rub cavities and outside of hens with mustard mixture. Season with salt and pepper. Place 1 large rosemary sprig in cavity of each hen if desired. Arrange in shallow roasting pan. Bake until cooked through, about 1 hour 15 minutes (cover with foil last 15 minutes if hens are browning too quickly). Let stand 5 minutes and serve. Preheat oven to 375°F. combine first 4 ingredients in small bowl. Gradually whisk in oil. Rub cavities and outside of hens with mustard mixture. Season with salt and pepper. Place  <END>
INPUT: boysenberry, sundaes, Grand Marnier other, orange peel, vanilla ice cream, vanilla bean, unsweetened boysenberries
OUTPUT: TITLE: Boysenberry and Grand Marnier Ice Cream Sundaes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup Grand Marnier or other orange liqueur; 1 1/2 tablespoons grated orange peel; 1 quart vanilla ice cream, softened; 1 vanilla bean, split lengthwise; 1 16-ounce package frozen unsweetened boysenberries; 1/3 cup crème de cassis liqueur or water; 1/4 cup sugar; 3/4 cup chopped toffee candy (such as Almond Roca or Health bars; about 4 ounces); 2 1/2-pint baskets boysenberries or blackberries; Fresh mint sprigs (optional) | INSTRUCTIONS: For ice cream: Mix Grand Marnier and orange peel in large bowl. Scoop ice cream into bowl and whisk just until combined. Cover and freeze until ice cream is firm, at least 4 hours. (Can be prepared 3 days ahead.) Mix Grand Marnier and orange peel in large bowl. Scoop ice cream into bowl and whisk just until combined. Cover and freeze until ice cream is firm, at least 4 hours. (Can be prepared 3 days ahead.) For sauce: Scrape seeds from vanilla bean into heavy medium saucepan; add bean. Add frozen berries, cassis and sugar and cook over medium heat until berries thaw and sugar dissolves, stirri <END>
INPUT: creamed, milk, bay leaf, pearl onions, unsalted butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Creamed Peas and Onions | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups whole milk; 3 whole cloves; 1 bay leaf; 1 pound pearl onions (about 2 cups), peeled, trimmed, or 1 pound frozen pearl onions, thawed; 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, divided; 1 1/2 teaspoons kosher salt, divided; 1 teaspoon sugar; 2 tablespoons all-purpose flour; 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 1/4 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg; 2 1-pound bags frozen peas, thawed; 1/4 cup crème fraîche, whole-milk, Greek yogurt, or sour cream | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring milk, cloves, and bay leaf to a boil in a small saucepan; reduce heat to low and simmer for 15 minutes to let flavors meld. Strain into a medium bowl; discard solids. Cover milk and keep warm. Meanwhile, place onions in a large skillet (at least 12"). Add water to half-cover the onions (about 1 cup). Add 1 tablespoon butter, 1 teaspoon salt, and sugar. Cook over medium-high heat, stirring occasionally, until liquid has evaporated and onions are golden brown, about 12 minutes. Gently transfer onions to a large plate. Melt remaining 2 tablespoons butter in same skillet over medium heat; ad <END>
INPUT: Indian, soup, chicken broth, lentils, rice, tomatoes, carrots
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lentil and Brown Rice Soup | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 5 cups chicken broth; 1 1/2 cups lentils, picked over and rinsed; 1 cup brown rice; a 32- to 35-ounce can tomatoes, drained, reserving the juice, and chopped; 3 carrots, halved lengthwise and cut crosswise into 1/4-inch pieces; 1 onion, chopped; 1 stalk of celery, chopped; 3 garlic cloves, minced; 1/2 teaspoon crumbled dried basil; 1/2 teaspoon crumbled dried orégano; 1/4 teaspoon crumbled dried thyme; 1 bay leaf; 1/2 cup minced fresh parsley leaves; 2 tablespoons cider vinegar, or to taste | INSTRUCTIONS: In a heavy kettle combine the broth, 3 cups water, the lentils, the rice, the tomatoes with the reserved juice, the carrots, the onion, the celery, the garlic, the basil, the orégano, the thyme, and the bay leaf, bring the liquid to a boil, and simmer the mixture, covered, stirring occasionally, for 45 to 55 minutes, or until the lentils and rice are tender. Stir in the parsley, the vinegar, and salt and pepper to taste and discard the bay leaf. The soup will be thick and will thicken as it stands. Thin the soup, if desired, with additional hot chicken broth or water. In a heavy kettle combine <END>
INPUT: brown, unsalted butter, blanched almonds, lemon juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Almond Brown Butter | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 5 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1/3 cup sliced blanched almonds, toasted; 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice | INSTRUCTIONS: In a small saucepan melt butter over moderately low heat and continue to heat until golden brown with a nutlike fragrance. (Bottom of pan will be covered with brown specks.) Pour butter through a sieve lined with a dampened paper towel into a bowl and discard solids. In a small skillet heat brown butter, almonds, and lemon juice until heated through. In a small saucepan melt butter over moderately low heat and continue to heat until golden brown with a nutlike fragrance. (Bottom of pan will be covered with brown specks.) Pour butter through a sieve lined with a dampened paper towel into a bowl <END>
INPUT: Mexican, squares, all purpose flour, unsalted butter, confectioners sugar, salt, eggs
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pistachio Lime Squares | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup all-purpose flour; 1/2 cup unsalted butter, cut into 16 small pieces; 1/4 cup confectioners sugar, plus extra for garnish; Pinch of salt; 2 large eggs; 3/4 cup sugar; 1/2 teaspoon baking powder; 1 tablespoon finely grated lime zest; 1/3 cup fresh lime juice; Small pinch salt; 1/3 cup shelled, unsalted pistachio nuts, coarsely chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees and lightly butter an 8 x 8-inch baking pan. In a medium mixing bowl, combine the flour, butter, confectioners sugar, and salt and rub the mixture between your fingertips until it is the consistency of large moist breadcrumbs. Press the sweet dough evenly onto the base and about 1 inch up the sides of the prepared baking pan, and place the pan in the freezer for 10 minutes to firm the pastry. Bake in the center of the oven for 30 to 35 minutes, or until the pastry is firm and golden brown all over. Meanwhile, in a large bowl, beat the eggs together with the suga <END>
INPUT: Italian, ravioli, Pasta Dough, Mushroom Filling, Fonduta, egg yolk, Semolina flour dust
OUTPUT: TITLE: Wild Mushroom and Fonduta Ravioli with Asparagus, Butter and Parmigiano | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound Fresh Pasta Dough; 1 recipe Mushroom Filling; 1/2 cup Fonduta; 1 egg yolk; Semolina flour to dust; 1 tablespoon butter; 1/2 cup fresh asparagus (green and white), blanched, cooled and cut into 1-inch pieces; 2 tablespoons grated Parmigiano-Reggiano cheese; 3 1/2 cups flour (all-purpose or "0-0"); 4 eggs; 1 teaspoon olive oil; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1 tablespoon extra virgin olive oil; 1 pound assorted wild mushrooms, cleaned and chopped (save stems and peelings); 1 teaspoon garlic, finely chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: For the Fresh Pasta Dough: Place the flour on a work surface. Make a well in the center and add the eggs, olive oil and salt. Begin mixing the eggs with a fork, being careful to stay in the center. Add flour from the sides of the well little by little. When it becomes too stiff to mix with a fork, continue, incorporating flour by gently kneading the dough. When the dough has absorbed about as much flour as it's going to, move it to another area of the counter, scrape up the remaining flour and pass it through a sifter to remove any dried bits (you don't want these in your dough.) Then start kn <END>
INPUT: flat leaf parsley, onion, bay leaves, garlic, peppercorns
OUTPUT: TITLE: Shrimp and 'Shrooms with Sherry | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup fresh flat-leaf parsley; 1/2 medium red onion, coarsely chopped; 2 fresh bay leaves; 6 cloves garlic, peeled; 1 tablespoon black peppercorns, a palmful; 1 tablespoon orange zest; About 2 tablespoons fresh thyme leaves; 1 red chile pepper, chopped; 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1 1/4 pounds very small white mushrooms; 1 pound large shrimp, peeled and deveined; About 1/3 to 1/2 cup dry sherry; 2 tablespoons butter | INSTRUCTIONS: In a food processor, process the parsley, onion, bay leaves, garlic, peppercorns, orange zest, thyme leaves, and chile into a paste. Heat the extra-virgin olive oil, 3 turns of the pan, in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Lightly brown the mushrooms for about 8 to 10 minutes, and then add the paste to the pan and stir. Add the shrimp and cook until they are pink and firm. Deglaze the pan with sherry, add the butter, and toss to melt. Serve immediately. <END>
INPUT: Italian, hamburger, hot breakfast sausage, garlic, tomatoes, tomato paste
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lasagna | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 2 pounds hamburger; 1 pound hot breakfast sausage; 3 cloves garlic, finely chopped; One 28-ounce can diced tomatoes; One 6-ounce can tomato paste; Freshly ground black pepper; 1 tablespoon olive oil; Salt; 10 ounces lasagna noodles; 1 pound mozzarella; 10 to 12 fresh basil leaves; 1/4 cup fresh flat-leaf parsley leaves; 3 cups low-fat cottage cheese; 1 cup freshly grated Parmesan; 2 eggs, beaten | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large skillet over medium-high heat, saute the hamburger, sausage and garlic until brown. Drain off the excess fat. Add the tomatoes with their juice, tomato paste, 1/2 teaspoon salt and some freshly ground black pepper. Stir together well. Simmer over low heat, uncovered, for 45 minutes, stirring occasionally. Meanwhile, bring a large pot of water to a boil. Add the olive oil and a dash of salt. Cook the lasagna noodles according to the package directions until al dente. Drain the noodles and lay them flat on a piece of aluminium foil to keep their shape. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees  <END>
INPUT: wine, sauce, shrimp, vodka, egg, corn oil, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sauteed Shrimp with Corn in Spicy Wine Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound large shrimp, peeled, deveined and cleaned with salt, shells reserved; 2 tablespoons vodka; 1 large egg white, lightly beaten; 3 tablespoons corn oil; 5 garlic cloves, minced; 1/4 cup sake; 3 large plum tomatoes, peeled and finely chopped; 1 1/2 cups chicken or shrimp stock; 1 teaspoon coarse or kosher salt; 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground white pepper; 1 teaspoon cornstarch, mixed with 1 tablespoon water; 1/2 cup fresh corn kernels, preferably white or frozen, thawed; 1/4 cup finely chopped red bell pepper; 1 large jalapeno pepper, minced; 1 tablespoon peeled, grated gingerroot | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine the shrimp, vodka and egg white in a medium bowl. Mix well and refrigerate for 30 minutes, turning occasionally. Heat 1 tablespoon of the oil in a small saucepan. Add the garlic and cook over high heat until the ingredients release their flavor, about 1 minute. Add the reserved shrimp shells, sake and half the chopped tomatoes. Reduce the heat to medium and cook, stirring, for 3 minutes. Add the stock, salt, white pepper and cornstarch mixture, bring to a boil, and reduce heat to low and cook for 20 minutes, or until the liquid is reduced by half, stirring occasionally. Strain through  <END>
INPUT: unsalted butter, thyme, smoked paprika, Kosher salt pepper, turkey
OUTPUT: TITLE: Turkey with Glazed Chestnuts, Parsnips and Mushrooms | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 sticks unsalted butter; 2 tablespoons kept cold; 5 sprigs fresh thyme, plus 2 tablespoons chopped; 1 teaspoon smoked paprika; Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper; 1 10-pound turkey; 14 small cipollini onions, peeled; 4 sprigs fresh parsley, plus 2 tablespoons chopped; 1 cup (about 5 ounces) dried peeled chestnuts; 4 cups low-sodium chicken broth; 1 lemon, halved; 6 small parsnips, peeled and cut into large chunks; 3 tablespoons all-purpose flour; 9 ounces oyster mushrooms, cut into large pieces; 1 tablespoon balsamic vinegar; 1/2 bunch chives, finely chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: Prepare the turkey a day before roasting: Pulse 10 tablespoons butter, 2 tablespoons chopped thyme, the paprika, 1/2 teaspoon salt and 1/4 teaspoon pepper in a food processor until combined. Remove the neck and giblets from the turkey; discard the liver and reserve the neck and the rest of the giblets. Dry the turkey inside and out with paper towels. Loosen the skin over the breast, slide spoonfuls of the spiced butter underneath and smooth to cover the meat evenly. Rub the skin with the remaining spiced butter. Season the cavity with salt and pepper and stuff with 2 cipollinis, 3 thyme sprigs <END>
INPUT: Indian, beef, top sirloin, Thai curry paste, Asian stir fry, asparagus, unsweetened coconut milk
OUTPUT: TITLE: Thai-Style Beef and Asparagus Curry | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound top sirloin, cut crosswise into thin strips; 2 teaspoons Thai red curry paste; 4 tablespoons Asian stir-fry oil or peanut oil; 12 ounces asparagus, trimmed, cut into 1 1/2-inch lengths (3 1/2 cups); 1 1/2 cups canned unsweetened coconut milk; 1/3 cup chopped fresh basil; Lime wedges | INSTRUCTIONS: Place beef and curry paste in medium bowl. Stir to coat beef thoroughly. (Can be made 8 hours ahead. Cover; chill.) Heat 2 tablespoons oil in large skillet over high heat. Add asparagus and sauté until crisp-tender and beginning to char slightly, about 3 minutes. Using slotted spoon, transfer asparagus to bowl. Add remaining 2 tablespoons oil to skillet. Add curry-coated beef in single layer. Cook over high heat without stirring until bottom of beef begins to char slightly, about 2 minutes. Add coconut milk and cook, stirring often, until sauce is bubbling and slightly reduced, about 2 minutes <END>
INPUT: Italian, crostini, sun tomato pesto, tomato, French Italian bread
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sun-dried Tomato Pesto Crostini | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup store bought sun-dried tomato pesto; 1 yellow tomato, sliced; 8 slices French or Italian bread, toasted | INSTRUCTIONS: Top toast with sun-dried tomato pesto and yellow tomato slices. <END>
INPUT: gluten, free, chunky peanut butter, granulated sugar, light sugar, kosher salt, pure vanilla extract
OUTPUT: TITLE: Gluten-Free Peanut Butter-Chocolate Chunk Cookies | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup chunky peanut butter; 2/3 cup granulated sugar, plus more for rolling; 1/3 cup packed light brown sugar; 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt; 1/2 teaspoon pure vanilla extract; 1 large egg; 3 ounces bittersweet chocolate, finely chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: Position oven racks in the top and bottom thirds of the oven and preheat to 350 degrees F. Line 2 baking sheets with parchment paper. Beat the peanut butter, granulated sugar, brown sugar and salt with an electric mixer on medium-high speed in a large bowl until light and fluffy, about 5 minutes. Beat in the vanilla and egg. Fold in the chocolate. Put some granulated sugar in a small bowl. Scoop tablespoonfuls of the cookie dough, roll them into balls and roll each ball in the sugar to coat. Evenly space them on the prepared baking sheets. Press each ball down with a fork to flatten it out and <END>
INPUT: asparagus, Olive oil, Salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Asparagus | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 bunches asparagus, trimmed; Olive oil; Salt and pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Arrange asparagus on an oiled sheet pan. Drizzle with more olive oil and season with salt and pepper. Roast in a preheated 450 degree oven for 10 to 15 minutes.; <END>
INPUT: tart, unsalted butter, all purpose flour, baking powder, salt, peanut butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Strawberry-Peanut Butter Tart | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 12 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened, plus more for the pan; 2 1/4 cups all-purpose flour; 1/2 teaspoon baking powder; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 1 cup peanut butter (creamy or crunchy); 1/2 cup granulated sugar; 3/4 cup confectioners' sugar; 1 large egg; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; 1/2 cup strawberry jam | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Generously butter a 9-inch fluted tart pan with a removable bottom. Whisk the flour, baking powder and salt in a medium bowl. Beat the butter, peanut butter and both sugars in a separate bowl with a mixer until smooth. Beat in the egg and vanilla. Add the flour mixture and stir with a wooden spoon until combined. Press half of the dough into the prepared tart pan. Spread the jam over the dough, leaving a 1/2 -inch border around the edge. Drop about half of the remaining dough over the jam by the tablespoonful; lightly press the rest of the dough into the pan  <END>
INPUT: Indian, sauce, shallots, Madras curry powder, unsweetened coconut milk, wine
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mussels with Coconut Curry Sauce | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons (1/4 stick) butter; 1/4 cup chopped shallots; 2 tablespoons Madras curry powder; 1 14-ounce can unsweetened coconut milk; 1 1/2 cups dry white wine; 3 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 2 small bay leaves; 2 pounds black mussels, scrubbed, debearded; Chopped fresh parsley | INSTRUCTIONS: Melt butter in heavy large pot over medium heat. Add shallots and curry powder; stir until fragrant, about 1 minute. Add coconut milk, wine, lemon juice and bay leaves; simmer 10 minutes. Add mussels. Increase heat, cover and boil until mussels open, about 6 minutes. Using tongs, place mussels in 4 bowls (discard any mussels that do not open). Boil sauce until slightly thickened, stirring occasionally, about 2 minutes. Season with salt and pepper; discard bay leaves. Spoon sauce over mussels. Sprinkle with parsley. Melt butter in heavy large pot over medium heat. Add shallots and curry powder; <END>
INPUT: American, fat free sour, sugar substitute, maple syrup, cinnamon, ginger
OUTPUT: TITLE: Maple Pumpkin Pie | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup fat-free sour cream; 1/2 cup sugar substitute (recommended: Splenda); 2 tablespoons maple syrup; 1 1/2 tablespoons ground cinnamon; 1/2 teaspoon ground ginger; 1/2 teaspoon allspice; 1/2 teaspoon ground nutmeg; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 2 egg whites; 1 whole egg; 1 (15-ounce) can pumpkin; 1 Light Pie Shell, recipe follows; 1 1/4 cups all-purpose flour, plus 1 tablespoon for dusting surface; 2 tablespoons sugar substitute (recommended: Splenda) | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven with pizza stone to 350 degrees F. (The pizza stone will help get a crisp pie crust.) In a large bowl, combine the sour cream, sugar substitute, maple syrup, cinnamon, ginger, allspice, nutmeg, vanilla extract, salt, egg whites, egg and pumpkin until thoroughly blended and the mixture is smooth. Pour the pumpkin mixture into the Light Pie Shell. Bake pie for 1 hour or until a knife comes out cleanly. Cool on wire rack for about 1 hour. Carefully cut pie into 8 servings. In a large bowl, mix 1 1/4 cups of flour, sugar substitute, baking powder, and salt. Cut the butter into the dou <END>
INPUT: scalloped, onions, shallots, heavy cream
OUTPUT: TITLE: Scalloped Onions, Leeks, and Shallots | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 pounds onions, cut into 1/4 inch thick slices; 2 pounds (about 6) leeks, the white and pale green parts both, split lengthwise, washed well, and chopped; 1/2 pound shallots, cut into 1/4 inch thick slices; 1/2 stick (1/4 cup) unsalted butter; 1/4 cup heavy cream; 1 cup coarse fresh bread crumbs; 1 cup grated extrasharp Cheddar (about 1/4 pound); 1/4 teaspoon paprika | INSTRUCTIONS: In a heavy kettle cook the onions, the leeks, and the shallots in the butter with salt and pepper to taste, covered, over moderate heat, stirring occasionally, for 10 minutes, reduce the heat to moderately low, and cook the vegetables, stirring occasionally, for 10 to 20 minutes more, or until they are soft. Remove the lid and cook the mixture over moderate heat, stirring, for 3 to 5 minutes more, or until the excess liquid is evaporated. The onion mixture may be made 2 days in advance and kept covered and chilled. Preheat the oven to 375 degrees. Transfer the onion mixture to a 2 quart shallo <END>
INPUT: Italian, shortcakes, truffled, peaches, honey, lemon juice, truffle oil, all purpose flour
OUTPUT: TITLE: Shortcakes with Grilled Peaches, Sweet Ricotta Cream, Truffled Honey and Huckleberries | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 4 large peaches, peeled, pitted and sliced; 4 tablespoons honey; 1 teaspoon lemon juice; 1 teaspoon white truffle oil; 2 cups all-purpose flour; 2 tablespoons granulated sugar; 2 teaspoons baking powder; 1/2 teaspoon baking soda; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 5 tablespoons cold unsalted butter, cut into bits; 1 cup well-shaken buttermilk; 1 cup whipping cream, chilled; 4 tablespoons confectioners' sugar; 2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract; 1 cup ricotta | INSTRUCTIONS: For the peaches: Grill the peaches over medium heat until lightly grilled, 2 to 3 minutes per side. Place the honey, lemon juice and truffle oil in a mixing bowl and add the grilled peaches. Toss together to coat well. Let stand until juices form, about 30 minutes. For the shortcakes: Put the oven rack in the middle position and preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Whisk together the flour, granulated sugar, baking powder, baking soda and salt in a large bowl. Blend in the butter with your fingertips until the mixture resembles coarse meal. Add the buttermilk and stir just until a soft, sticky d <END>
INPUT: chops, herbs, rosemary, thyme, marjoram, racks lamb, olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lamb Chops with Fresh Herbs and Roasted Figs | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon chopped fresh rosemary; 4 teaspoons chopped fresh thyme; 4 teaspoons chopped fresh marjoram; 2 2-pound racks of lamb, trimmed of fat and sinew; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 2 garlic cloves, sliced; 2 tablespoons grapeseed oil; 12 ripe Kadota figs, halved lengthwise; 16 sprigs lemon thyme or regular thyme; Extra-virgin olive oil | INSTRUCTIONS: For lamb: Combine herbs in small bowl. Rub lamb with olive oil, half of chopped herbs, and garlic; cover and chill overnight. Preheat oven to 425°F. Heat grapeseed oil in large skillet over medium-high heat. Sprinkle lamb with salt and pepper; sear until brown on both sides, 5 minutes total. Transfer lamb to large rimmed baking sheet; roast to desired doneness, about 20 minutes for medium-rare. Transfer lamb to cutting board; let rest 5 to 10 minutes. Maintain oven temperature; reserve baking sheet for figs. Combine herbs in small bowl. Rub lamb with olive oil, half of chopped herbs, and garli <END>
INPUT: garden, virgin olive oil, shallot, balsamic vinegar, lemon juice, mixed baby greens
OUTPUT: TITLE: Garden Greens with Yellow Tomatoes and Peaches | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/3 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 2 tablespoons minced shallot; 2 tablespoons white balsamic vinegar; 1 1/2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 8 cups mixed baby greens, including arugula (4 to 6 ounces); 4 small vine-ripened yellow tomatoes, cut into wedges; 2 small yellow peaches, wiped clean of fuzz, halved, pitted, thinly sliced | INSTRUCTIONS: Whisk first 4 ingredients to blend in medium bowl. Season dressing to taste with salt and pepper. DO AHEAD: Can be made 2 hours ahead. Let stand at room temperature. Combine greens, tomatoes, and peaches in large shallow bowl. Toss with enough dressing to coat lightly and serve. Whisk first 4 ingredients to blend in medium bowl. Season dressing to taste with salt and pepper. DO AHEAD: Can be made 2 hours ahead. Let stand at room temperature. Combine greens, tomatoes, and peaches in large shallow bowl. Toss with enough dressing to coat lightly and serve. <END>
INPUT: kebabs, Herb Garlic Marinade, shiitake mushrooms, jumbo shrimp, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Shrimp and Shiitake Kebabs | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cups Herb-Garlic Marinade, plus 3/4 cup, plus 1/4 cup recipe follows; 16 shiitake mushrooms, trimmed; 24 jumbo shrimp (about 1 1/2 pounds); 8 (10-inch) wooden skewers; 6 large garlic cloves; 1/3 cup packed tender fresh thyme sprigs; 1/4 cup packed fresh rosemary leaves; 1 1/2 tablespoons coarse salt; 1 cup fresh lemon juice; 1 1/2 cups olive oil; Freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Clean mushrooms. Place mushrooms in a small bowl and mix with 1/4 cup marinade. Marinate at least 1 hour (and up to 4) in a sealable bag. If desired, shell shrimp. In a large heavy-duty sealable plastic bag combine shrimp with 3/4 cup marinade and seal bag, pressing out excess air. Marinate shrimp, chilled, for at least 30 minutes and up to 1 hour. Soak skewers in warm water 30 minutes. Prepare grill. Drain shrimp, discarding marinade. In a sieve set over a bowl drain mushrooms and reserved mushroom marinade for basting. Thread 3 shrimp and 2 mushrooms, alternating shrimp with mushrooms, and k <END>
INPUT: burgers, beef chuck, Kosher salt pepper, cheddar cheese, soft sesame buns, Bibb lettuce tomato
OUTPUT: TITLE: Perfect Beef Burgers | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 pounds 80% lean ground beef chuck; Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper; 8 thin slices cheddar cheese (optional); 4 soft sesame buns, split; Bibb lettuce and sliced tomato, for topping | INSTRUCTIONS: Sprinkle the ground beef evenly with 1/2 teaspoon salt in a large bowl. Gently form the meat into 4 balls, then lightly press into 4-inch-wide, 1-inch-thick patties. Make a 2-inch-wide indentation in the center of each with your thumb to prevent the burgers from bulging when grilled. Preheat a grill to high. Season the patties with salt and pepper. Grill, undisturbed, until marked on the bottom, 3 to 5 minutes. Turn and grill until the other side is marked and the patties feel firm, 3 to 5 more minutes; if desired, top each burger with 2 slices cheese during the last 2 minutes of cooking and c <END>
INPUT: Asian, stir, garlic, piece ginger, soy sauce, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken and Broccoli Stir-fry | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound boneless, skinless chicken breast (about 2 breasts), sliced against the grain; 2 cloves garlic, minced; 1-inch piece peeled fresh ginger, minced; 1 tablespoon soy sauce; 2 tablespoons sugar; 1 tablespoon, plus 1 teaspoon cornstarch; 1 1/4 teaspoons kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 tablespoon dry sherry; 1 tablespoon dark sesame oil; About 1/3 cup chicken broth or water; 3 tablespoons vegetable oil; 5 cups broccoli, trimmed sliced stalks (about 1/4-inch thick) and medium florets (keep the 2 cuts separate) | INSTRUCTIONS: Toss the chicken with about half the garlic and ginger, the soy sauce, sugar, 1 teaspoon of the cornstarch, 1 teaspoon of the salt, the sherry, and the sesame oil in a bowl. Marinate at room temperature for 15 minutes. Mix the remaining cornstarch with the 1/3 cup broth or water. Heat a large nonstick skillet over high heat. Add 1 tablespoon of the oil and heat. Add the broccoli stems, and stir-fry for 1 minute. Add the florets and the remaining garlic, ginger, 2 tablespoons of water, and season with 1/4 teaspoon salt, and pepper, to taste. Stir-fry until the broccoli is bright green but still <END>
INPUT: bread, milk, garlic, Zest from lemons, mayonnaise
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lemon Garlic Mayonnaise | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 slices white bread, torn into large pieces; 1/2 cup milk; 2 cloves of garlic, minced; Zest from 2 lemons; 1 cup mayonnaise; 1/2 cup plain nonfat yogurt; 4 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; Salt and pepper, to taste | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. Remove crusts, then soak the bread in the milk for 1 minute; squeeze bread well and place in the bowl of a food processor with garlic and lemon zest. Pulse the machine on and off about 5 times to combine ingredients. 2. Add the mayonnaise and yogurt; process until smooth. 3. With the motor running, drizzle in olive oil through the feed tube and process until smooth. 4. Remove the mixture to a bowl and season with salt and pepper. Serve with the Lemon Grilled Shrimp Cocktail. 1. Remove crusts, then soak the bread in the milk for 1 minute; squeeze bread well and place in the bowl of a food pr <END>
INPUT: Italian, carpaccio, cheese, sushi grade bluefin, baby arugula, months aged imported, soy sauce, truffle oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Bluefin Tuna Carpaccio with Truffle Soy and Parmesan Cheese | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 4 ounces fresh sushi-grade bluefin tuna (or Hawaiian Ahi), sliced thin into 12 pieces; 1-ounce baby arugula, cleaned and dried; 1-ounce 6 to 12 months aged imported Parmesan, shaved; 4 teaspoons soy sauce; 2 teaspoons white truffle oil; 1/2 teaspoon black peppercorns | INSTRUCTIONS: Fan out the tuna on a large chilled platter. Arrange the baby arugula evenly over the tuna. Place the shaved Parmesan over the arugula. In a squeeze bottle, combine the soy sauce and the white truffle oil. Shake and drizzle the sauce over all the ingredients. Grind the black peppercorns over the dish. Serve cold. <END>
INPUT: tender herbs, kosher salt, pepper, Cayenne pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Corn With Herb Butter | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup (1 stick) unsalted butter, room temperature; 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh tender herbs (such as cilantro, chives, and/or flat-leaf parsley); 1 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt; 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; Cayenne pepper; 8 ears corn, shucked; 1 tablespoon vegetable oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Prepare grill for medium-high heat. Mix butter, herbs, salt, pepper, and a pinch of cayenne pepper in a small bowl. Set herb butter aside. Brush corn with oil and grill, turning often, until it is tender and charred in spots, 5-8 minutes. Transfer corn to a large platter or bowl and spread with reserved herb butter, dividing evenly. DO AHEAD: Herb butter can be made 1 day ahead. Cover and chill. Bring to room temperature before spreading over grilled ears of corn. Prepare grill for medium-high heat. Mix butter, herbs, salt, pepper, and a pinch of cayenne pepper in a small bowl. Set herb butter <END>
INPUT: cupcakes, pastry flour, cornstarch, baking powder, baking soda, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sharp Cheddar Cupcakes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound pastry flour; 2 tablespoons cornstarch; 2 teaspoons baking powder; 1 teaspoon baking soda; 1 teaspoon salt; 10 ounces (2 1/2 sticks) unsalted butter, at room temperature; 21 ounces granulated sugar; 6 eggs; 2 teaspoons vanilla extract; 1 cup buttermilk; 2 cups grated sharp Cheddar; 1 cup dried cherries; 1 cup chopped green onions; 1/2 cup apple juice; 2 tablespoons brown sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: For the cake batter: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F; line cupcake pans with 24 cupcake liners. In a large bowl, whisk together the pastry flour, cornstarch, baking powder, baking soda and salt and set aside. Using an electric mixer with a paddle attachment, cream the butter until smooth. Gradually add the granulated sugar and mix until light and fluffy, scraping down the sides of the bowl occasionally. Add the eggs one at a time, beating well after each addition. Mix in the vanilla. Alternately add the flour mixture and the buttermilk, starting and ending with the flour mixture and beating  <END>
INPUT: slushes, honeydew melon, ginger ale, lemon juice, piece ginger, mint leaves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Melon Slushes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 cups chopped honeydew melon (from 1 small melon); 1 12-ounce can ginger ale; 1/4 cup fresh lemon juice; 1 1-inch piece ginger, peeled and thinly sliced; 1/4 cup fresh mint leaves; 2 bags green tea; 2 tablespoons sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring 1 1/2 cups water to a simmer in a medium saucepan. Remove from the heat, add the tea bags and let steep 5 minutes. Remove the tea bags (do not squeeze). Let the tea cool to room temperature. Meanwhile, bring 3 tablespoons water, the sugar and ginger to a simmer in a small saucepan over medium heat; cook, stirring, until the sugar dissolves, about 2 minutes. Remove from the heat and let cool; discard the ginger. Stir the ginger syrup into the tea. Pour into ice cube trays and freeze until solid, 2 to 4 hours. Freeze the chopped melon until solid, at least 2 hours. Combine half each of the <END>
INPUT: slaw, mayonnaise, seasoned rice vinegar, sweet chili sauce, apple cider vinegar, serrano pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Green Slaw | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons mayonnaise; 3 tablespoons seasoned rice vinegar; 1 1/2 tablespoons sweet chili sauce; 1 tablespoon apple cider vinegar; 1 teaspoon seeded and minced serrano pepper; 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 3 cups napa cabbage, cut in 1/2 vertically, cored, curly middle discarded, cut horizontally in 1/4-inch thick pieces; 1 medium Granny Smith apple, julienned; 1 cup peeled and julienned jicama; 2 cups fresh bean sprouts; 1 tablespoon minced green onion, white and light green part only; 1/4 cup golden raisins; 1 teaspoon salt | INSTRUCTIONS: To make dressing: In a blender, puree all the ingredients until smooth. Set aside. In a large bowl, combine ingredients for slaw. Gently fold in the dressing. Refrigerate 1 hour. Gently toss before serving. <END>
INPUT: chile, rubbed, quinoa, Kosher salt pepper, virgin olive oil, chipotle powder, oregano
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chile-Rubbed Chicken Breast with Kale, Quinoa and Brussels Sprouts Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup dried quinoa; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1/2 cup plus 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1 teaspoon ground chipotle powder; 1 teaspoon chopped fresh oregano; 2 small garlic cloves, grated on a rasp, separated; 4 skinless, boneless chicken breast halves; 1/4 cup freshly squeezed lemon juice; 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard; 1 tablespoon minced shallot (from about 1/2 small); 2 large bunches kale, center stems removed & leaves thinly sliced crosswise (about 1 1/2 pounds total); 12 ounces Brussels sprouts, trimmed and cored, finely grated or shredded with a knife; 1/2 cup toasted almonds, chopped (about 2 ounces); 1 cup crumbled Cotija cheese (about 4 ounces) | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring 2 cups water to a boil in a small saucepan. Add the quinoa, season with salt and cover. Reduce the heat to a simmer over medium-low, and cook until the quinoa has absorbed the water, about 15 minutes. Remove from the heat. Meanwhile, in a small bowl, mix together 2 tablespoons of the olive oil, the chipotle powder, oregano and 1 grated garlic clove. Season the mixture with salt and pepper. Sprinkle the chicken breasts on both sides with salt and pepper and rub the chipotle mixture evenly over the meat. Heat 1 tablespoon of the olive oil in a large heavy skillet over medium-high heat. Add <END>
INPUT: Italian, herbs, slivered almonds, olive tapenade, jalapeno, lemon juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Herb and Almond Tapenade | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cups fresh herbs (oregano, chives, thyme, tarragon, dill, basil, parsley), coarsely chopped; 3/4 cup slivered almonds, toasted and finely chopped; 1 1/3 cups prepared olive tapenade; 1 jalapeno, minced; 1 tablespoon lemon juice; Toasted baguette slices | INSTRUCTIONS: In the bowl of a food processor, combine herbs, almonds, tapenade, jalapeno, and lemon juice. Process until well combined. Serve as an appetizer on toasted baguette slices. <END>
INPUT: Asian, lowfat plain yogurt, mayonnaise, lemon juice, hot chili oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Shrimp Spring Rolls with Cucumber-Yogurt Dip | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1 (4-inch) piece hothouse cucumber, finely diced; 1/3 cup lowfat plain yogurt; 1/3 cup mayonnaise; 1 teaspoon fresh lemon juice; 1/4 teaspoon hot chili oil; Spring Rolls; 1 medium shallot, roughly chopped; 2 cloves garlic, peeled; 1 large carrot, peeled, and cut into 2-inch pieces; 1 cup (3 1/2 ounces) assorted mushrooms, such as shiitake, cremini, and button; 3/4 pound medium shrimp, peeled and deveined; 2 tablespoons sugar; 2 tablespoons soy sauce; 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt; 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: For the Cucumber-Yogurt Dip: Combine all the ingredients in a small bowl. Cover and refrigerate until ready to use. For the Spring Rolls: In the bowl of a food processor, pulse together the shallot, garlic, and carrot until finely chopped. Add the mushrooms and pulse until coarsely chopped. Add the shrimp, sugar, soy sauce, salt, and pepper. Pulse until the shrimp is chopped into 1/4-inch pieces. Place a spring roll wrapper on a work surface. Brush the edges with the beaten egg. Place a heaped tablespoon of the filling about 1-inch from the closest edge of the wrapper. Spread the filling into  <END>
INPUT: mediterranean, onion, parsley leaves, calamata olives, olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mediterranean Tuna Wrap | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 (6-ounce) cans chunk light tuna in water, drained well; 1/4 cup finely diced red onion; 1/4 cup chopped fresh parsley leaves; 1/4 cup chopped calamata olives; 3 tablespoons olive oil; 1/2 teaspoon lemon zest; 2 tablespoons freshly squeezed lemon juice; Salt; Freshly ground black pepper; 6 cups pre-washed mixed greens (about 3 ounces); 4 whole-grain wrap breads (about 2 ounces each); 2 large tomatoes, sliced | INSTRUCTIONS: In a medium bowl combine the tuna, onion, parsley, olives. In a small bowl, whisk together the olive oil, zest, lemon juice, salt and pepper. Pour about 2/3 the dressing over the tuna mixture and toss to combine. In a separate bowl, pour the rest of the dressing over the greens and toss to combine. Place some tuna salad onto each piece of wrap bread. Top with 1 1/2 cups of greens and a few tomato slices. Roll the wraps and serve. <END>
INPUT: American, truffles, bittersweet chocolate, confectioners' sugar, vanilla extract, cocoa powder
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate Goat Cheese Truffles | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 6 ounces bittersweet chocolate, chopped; 6 ounces fresh (mild) goat cheese, at room temperature; 1/4 cup confectioners' sugar; 1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract; 1/4 cup sweetened cocoa powder, sifted | INSTRUCTIONS: In the top of a double boiler, or in a metal bowl set over a pot of simmering water (make sure the water does not touch the bowl), melt the chocolate, stirring until it is smooth. Set the melted chocolate aside to cool for a few minutes while you prepare the rest of the ingredients. In a bowl whisk together the goat cheese, sugar, and vanilla until it is light and fluffy. Whisk in the melted chocolate until it is well combined. Chill, covered, until it is firm, at least 1 hour. To form the truffles, take a heaping teaspoon of the chocolate/cheese mixture and lightly roll it into a ball with yo <END>
INPUT: southern, julep, mint leaves, peach, sweet tea vodka, bourbon, soda
OUTPUT: TITLE: Southern Peach Mint Julep | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 8 to 10 fresh mint leaves; 1/2 peach, sliced, or 4 slices frozen peaches, thawed; 2 ounces sweet tea vodka; 1 ounce bourbon; 6 ounces club soda | INSTRUCTIONS: Divide the mint leaves and peach slices between two Collins glasses and muddle them together. Fill each glass with ice, 1 ounce of the vodka, 1/2 ounce of the bourbon and 3 ounces of the club soda. Stir until cold. <END>
INPUT: Indian, lentil pilaf, presliced carrots, turkey sausages
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lentil Pilaf with Turkey Sausage | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 1 box lentil pilaf (such as Near East); 1 cup presliced carrots; 4 oz turkey sausages | INSTRUCTIONS: Make lentil pilaf per package directions. Mix in carrots after pilaf has simmered 20 minutes. Prick sausages with a knife and cook in a skillet over medium heat, turning once, about 8 minutes. Slice into 2-inch pieces and stir into pilaf. Fluff and serve. Make lentil pilaf per package directions. Mix in carrots after pilaf has simmered 20 minutes. Prick sausages with a knife and cook in a skillet over medium heat, turning once, about 8 minutes. Slice into 2-inch pieces and stir into pilaf. Fluff and serve. <END>
INPUT: Asian, bowl, pineapple juice, lite soy sauce, sugar, water
OUTPUT: TITLE: Coconut Peanut Bowl with Chicken | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 2/3 cup pineapple juice; 2/3 cup lite soy sauce; 2 tablespoons brown sugar; 4 (5 to 6 ounce) chicken breasts, boneless and skinless; 6 cups water, plus 4 cups for cooking the rice, and 2 cups for the vegetables; 3 lemongrass stalks, peeled and coarsely chopped; 2 ounces fresh ginger, peeled and thinly sliced; 5 kaffir lime leaves; 1 lemon, cut in half; 7 ounces lite coconut milk; 4 tablespoons peanut butter, creamy natural or reduced fat natural; 4 ounces sugar; 1/2 lime, juiced; 1 1/2 tablespoon corn starch; 2 cups brown rice, medium grain | INSTRUCTIONS: Marinated Chicken Breasts: In a medium bowl, mix together pineapple juice, soy sauce, and brown sugar. Clean and trim chicken. Place in marinade and marinate for 4 hours or overnight. Coconut Peanut Sauce: In a medium 4-quart saucepan, add 6 cups water, lemongrass, ginger and kaffir lime leaves. Squeeze the lemon into the pan and add the 2 rinds into the pot. Bring to a boil and reduce to medium heat. Continue cooking for approximately 30 to 45 minutes until liquid is reduced by half. Remove from heat, strain through a fine strainer into a medium 4-quart saucepan. Set aside 1/2 cup of the liqu <END>
INPUT: pilaf, rice, low sodium chicken, olive oil, onion, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Rice and Black Bean Pilaf | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup brown rice, uncooked; 2 1/4 cups low-sodium chicken broth; 1 tablespoon olive oil; 1 small onion, diced (1 cup); 2 cloves garlic, minced; 2 teaspoons fresh chopped oregano or 1 teaspoon dried; 1 stalk celery, finely diced; 1 large carrot, finely diced; 1 teaspoon ground cumin; 1/2 teaspoon dried chili flakes; 1 (15.5 ounce) can low-sodium black beans, drained and rinsed; 2 teaspoons finely chopped parsley leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: Place rice and chicken broth in a saucepot and bring to a boil. Reduce heat and cook rice, covered, until tender and all the liquid is absorbed, 30 to 35 minutes. Remove from heat, uncover, and fluff with a fork. Heat the oil in a large saute pan over medium-high heat. Add onions and cook until onions are soft and translucent, about 5 minutes. Add garlic, oregano, celery, carrot, cumin and chili flakes and cook, stirring occasionally, until carrots are tender but not mushy, about 6 minutes. Stir in black beans and cook until just warmed through, about 1-2 minutes. Combine onion-black bean mixt <END>
INPUT: sauce, sugar, pomegranate juice, chicken stock, Tamarind Pasilla Paste, lamb loin
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Lamb with Pomegranate-Tamarind Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons sugar; 1 cup pomegranate juice, such as POM brand; 1 1/4 cups chicken stock (low-sodium store-bought is fine); 1/4 cup Tamarind-Pasilla Paste, recipe follows; One 1 1/2- to 2-pound boneless lamb loin; 1 tablespoon olive oil; Salt and freshly ground pepper; Fresh pomegranate seeds, for garnish; 10 whole cloves garlic, peeled; 3 tablespoons olive oil; 4 plum tomatoes, cored and halved lengthwise; 1 large white onion, quartered; 4 pasilla chiles, stemmed, seeded and deveined; Salt and freshly ground pepper; 1 1/2 cups strained tamarind pulp | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine the sugar, juice, stock, and Tamarind-Pasilla Paste in a heavy medium saucepan over medium heat. Cook and stir until the sugar dissolves. Then increase the heat so the mixture simmers. Cook, stirring often, until the liquid has thickened and reduces to a little less than 1 cup, about 20 minutes. Turn the heat to very low and keep the sauce warm while you cook the lamb. While the sauce is cooking, heat a large ovenproof skillet over medium-high heat. Drizzle the lamb with the olive oil, sprinkle generously with salt and place in the skillet. Cook on each side for 5 minutes. Transfer to  <END>
INPUT: peach, sugar, apple cider vinegar, kosher salt, Dijon mustard
OUTPUT: TITLE: Peach Mustard | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 large ripe peach; 2 tablespoons sugar; 1 teaspoon apple cider vinegar; 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt, plus more; 1/3 cup Dijon mustard; 1/3 cup whole grain mustard; 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh chives; Freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Using the tip of a paring knife, score an X in the bottom of peach. Cook in a small saucepan of boiling water just until skin begins to peel back where cut, about 30 seconds. Transfer to a bowl of ice water; let cool. Peel and coarsely chop. Bring peach, sugar, vinegar, 1/2 teaspoon salt, and 2 tablespoons water to a boil in a small saucepan. Reduce heat and simmer, stirring occasionally, until peach is very soft and mixture thickens slightly, 5–8 minutes. Pulse in a blender until chunky (do not purée). Transfer to a medium bowl; let cool. Mix in Dijon and whole grain mustards and chives; seas <END>
INPUT: citrus, salad, grapefruit, lemon, olive oil, Kosher salt, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chickpea, Fennel, and Citrus Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 grapefruit; 1 lemon; 2 tablespoons olive oil; Kosher salt; Freshly ground black pepper; 1 15-ounce can chickpeas (rinsed, coarsely chopped); 1 thinly sliced fennel bulb and stalks; A handful of fennel fronds | INSTRUCTIONS: Cut peel and pith from 1 grapefruit and 1 lemon; cut between membranes to release segments. Squeeze juice from membranes into a medium bowl; whisk in 2 tablespoons olive oil. Season with kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper. Toss in citrus, one 15-ounce can chickpeas (rinsed, coarsely chopped), 1 thinly sliced fennel bulb and stalks, and a handful of fennel fronds. Cut peel and pith from 1 grapefruit and 1 lemon; cut between membranes to release segments. Squeeze juice from membranes into a medium bowl; whisk in 2 tablespoons olive oil. Season with kosher salt and freshly ground black p <END>
INPUT: florentines, almond flour, all purpose flour, salt, sugar, heavy cream
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate-Glazed Florentines | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup almond flour; 3 tablespoons all-purpose flour; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 3/4 cup sugar; 2 tablespoons heavy cream; 2 tablespoons light corn syrup; 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, cubed; 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract; 6 ounces semisweet chocolate, finely chopped; 4 ounces white chocolate, finely chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with a silicone baking mat or parchment paper. Combine the almond flour, all-purpose flour and salt in a large bowl; set aside. Combine the sugar, heavy cream, corn syrup and butter in a small saucepan and cook over medium heat, stirring occasionally, until the mixture comes to a boil and the sugar is dissolved; continue to boil 1 more minute. Remove from the heat and stir in the vanilla. Pour the sugar mixture into the flour mixture and stir until just combined. Set aside until cool enough to handle, about 30 minutes. Roll rounded tablesp <END>
INPUT: American, shell, relish, virgin olive oil, flank steak, herbes de Provence, Kosher salt pepper, tomatoes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Shell Steak with Tomato-Scallion Relish | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1/3 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 1 flank steak (about 11/2 pounds); 1 tablespoon herbes de Provence; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 3 ripe medium tomatoes; 1 bunch scallions, trimmed; 8 whole garlic cloves, unpeeled; 1 tablespoon balsamic or red wine vinegar; 1/4 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce; Grilled thick slices crusty bread, for serving | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. Prepare an outdoor grill with a high fire. Brush grill grate lightly with oil. Lightly rub steak with some olive oil and sprinkle with herbes de Provence and salt and pepper to taste. Place tomatoes, scallions, and garlic cloves in a large bowl, coat with 1 tablespoon of olive oil and season with salt and pepper to taste. 2. Place steak on grill, arrange vegetables around it, and grill 3 to 5 minutes, turning once, until an instant-read thermometer inserted in the meat reads 120degreesF to 125degreesF for rare; 125degreesF to 130degreesF for medium-rare; or 130degreesF to 135degreesF for me <END>
INPUT: jacket, corn, mayonnaise, Parmigiano Reggiano, Cayenne pepper, Lime wedges
OUTPUT: TITLE: Corn Grilled in its Jacket | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 12 ears fresh corn, in the husk; 1 1/2 cups mayonnaise; 1 1/2 cups freshly grated Parmigiano-Reggiano; Cayenne pepper; Lime wedges, for serving | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Place the corn, still in its husks, directly on the oven rack and roast for about 20 minutes until the corn is soft when you press on it. Take the corn out of the oven and let it cool a little until you can handle it, or until you're ready to serve. When you're ready to eat, place a large grill pan on 2 burners over medium-high heat or preheat an outdoor gas or charcoal barbecue and get it very hot. Take a few paper towels and fold them several times to make a thick square. Blot a small amount of oil on the paper towel. Then carefully and quickly wipe the hot <END>
INPUT: punch, cubes, apple cider, sugar, cinnamon, cranberry juice cocktail, vodka
OUTPUT: TITLE: Vodka Cranberry Punch with Apple Cider Ice Cubes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups apple cider, or more as needed; 1/3 cup sugar; 1/4 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 3 cups cranberry juice cocktail; 1 1/2 cups vodka; 1/2 cup orange juice; 6 cinnamon sticks; 1 cup fresh cranberries | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: 2 ice cube trays Fill two ice cube trays with apple cider and freeze 8 hours or overnight. You may need a bit more or less of the cider, depending on the ice cube tray that you use. Meanwhile, heat the sugar, cinnamon and 1/3 cup water in a saucepan over medium heat, whisking the entire time. Cook until the mixture begins to bubble, then remove it from the heat. Allow it cool to room temperature, about 30 minutes. Combine the cranberry juice, vodka, orange juice, cinnamon sticks and the cinnamon simple syrup in a large punch bowl or pitcher. Stir well and refrigerate for a f <END>
INPUT: bombe, Mango Sorbet, good raspberry sorbet, good strawberry ice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Ice Cream Bombe | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 pints Mango Sorbet, recipe follows; 1 1/2 pints good raspberry sorbet, softened; 1 pint good strawberry ice cream, softened | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Freeze an 8-inch bowl. When it's cold, place the mango sorbet in the bowl and press it against the sides of the bowl. If you have a 6 1/2-inch bowl the same shape as the 8-inch bowl (such as from a set of nesting bowls), cover it with plastic wrap and press it into the sorbet to make the layer even. Freeze the sorbet for 30 minutes or until firm. Remove the 6 1/2-inch bowl. Spread an even layer of softened raspberry sorbet on top of the mango sorbet (a 4 1/2-inch nesting bowl wrapped in plastic wrap helps with this) and freeze for another 30 minutes or until firm <END>
INPUT: eggs, yalumba, butter, flour, asparagus juice, milk, Salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Eggs Yalumba | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 tablespoons butter; 2 tablespoons flour; 5/8 cup asparagus juice; 5/8 cup milk; Salt, to taste; Pepper, to taste; Nutmeg, to taste; 2 teaspoons paprika; 1/4 cup dry white wine; Clarified butter; 10 ounces peeled green jumbo shrimp; 2 tablespoons rye whisky; 1/2 lemon, juiced; 2 tablespoons dry white wine; 1 (16-ounce) can white asparagus | INSTRUCTIONS: For sauce: Melt 1 tablespoon butter in saucepan and add flour. Stir to form roux and cook gently for 1 minute. Add asparagus juice and when well combined, add milk. Season with salt, pepper and nutmeg and add paprika. Bring to boil, then reduce to simmer for 5 minutes. Add white wine and simmer another 6 minutes. Preheat broiler. Heat clarified butter in frying pan and add shrimp, tossing from time to time. When shrimps are colored, add whisky and flame. Add lemon juice and wine, reduce heat and simmer 3 minutes. Set shrimp aside and add contents of pan to sauce. Lay asparagus onto heatproof s <END>
INPUT: cranberry juice concentrate, balsamic vinegar, cherry preserves, salmon fillets, salt free citrus
OUTPUT: TITLE: Glazed Salmon with Dried Cherry Saffron Rice | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup cranberry juice concentrate; 2 tablespoons balsamic vinegar; 2 tablespoons cherry preserves; 4 salmon fillets, approximately 6 ounces each; 1 teaspoon salt-free citrus herb seasoning (recommended: Spice Islands); Orange slices; Toasted slivered almonds, for garnish; 2 cups low-sodium chicken stock (recommended: Swansons); 2 cups instant rice (recommended: Uncle Ben's); 1 pinch salt; 1 pinch pepper; 1 pinch saffron threads; 3 tablespoons dried cherries | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat broiler. Line a baking sheet with foil and place in broiler. In small saucepan, over medium-high heat, combine cranberry juice concentrate, cherry preserves, and balsamic vinegar. Simmer until preserves melt, about 2 to 3 minutes. Remove from heat and set aside. Meanwhile, season each salmon fillet with 1 teaspoon citrus herb seasoning. Remove the baking sheet from broil and spray with nonstick cooking spray. Place fillets skin side down on baking sheet. Broil for 6 minutes. Spoon glaze over each fillet, top each with an orange slice and broil for another 2 minutes. Serve glazed salmon <END>
INPUT: American, bell, purchased fully pizza, olive oil, garlic, mushrooms
OUTPUT: TITLE: Bell Pepper, Red Onion, and Goat Cheese Pizza | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 10-ounce purchased fully baked thin pizza crust (such as Boboli); 1/4 cup olive oil; 3 garlic cloves, minced; 3 cups (packed) baby spinach leaves (1 1/2 to 2 ounces); 1 1/2 cups thickly sliced mushrooms (5 to 6 ounces); 1/2 cup drained roasted red peppers from jar, cut into thin strips; 1/2 cup paper-thin red onion slices; 8 large fresh basil leaves, cut into thin strips; 5-ounce package soft fresh goat cheese, coarsely crumbled | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 425°F. Place pizza crust on large baking sheet. Mix olive oil and minced garlic in small bowl. Using pastry brush, brush 2 tablespoons garlic oil evenly over crust. Top with spinach leaves, then sprinkle with sliced mushrooms, roasted red peppers, red onion slices, fresh basil, and crumbled goat cheese. Drizzle pizza evenly with remaining garlic oil. Bake pizza until crust is crisp and cheese begins to brown, about 18 minutes. Transfer pizza to board. Cut into wedges and serve warm. Preheat oven to 425°F. Place pizza crust on large baking sheet. Mix olive oil and minced garlic  <END>
INPUT: egg, Sugar, rum, Triple Sec, orange juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mai Tai | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 egg white, lightly beaten*; Sugar; 1/2 cup white rum; 1/4 cup Triple Sec; 1/4 cup fresh orange juice; 1/4 cup fresh lime juice; Crushed ice; Cocktail cherries; Pineapple cubes; Orange slices | INSTRUCTIONS: Dip the rim of a tall glass into the egg whites, and then the sugar. Put the rum, Triple Sec, and juices into a cocktail shaker. Shake to mix. Fill the glass with the ice and pour the cocktail over it. Decorate with cherries, pineapple, and/or orange slices, and drink with a straw. <END>
INPUT: bark, saltine Ritz crackers, sugar, honey, baking soda
OUTPUT: TITLE: Salted Honey and Chocolate Bark | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 12 ounces saltine or Ritz crackers; 1 cup sugar; 1/2 cup honey; 1/2 cup (1 stick) unsalted butter, cut into pieces; 1 teaspoon baking soda; 6 ounces bittersweet or semisweet chocolate, melted; 1/2 cup dried tart cherries or sweetened dried cranberries; 2 tablespoons coffee beans, crushed; 1/4 cup roasted hazelnuts, chopped; 2 tablespoons roasted cacao nibs; 2 teaspoons flaky sea salt (such as Maldon); Special equipment: A candy thermometer | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350°F. Using your hands, coarsely crumble crackers onto a parchment-lined baking sheet. Toast in oven until golden brown, 8–10 minutes. Transfer baking sheet to a wire rack and let crackers cool. Meanwhile, heat sugar, honey, and butter in a medium saucepan over medium-high heat, stirring occasionally, until butter is melted. Fit saucepan with thermometer and cook, whisking frequently, until thermometer registers 300°F, 8–10 minutes. Remove from heat and stir in baking soda (mixture will bubble vigorously). Quickly pour mixture over crackers, spreading to coat evenly. Let cool  <END>
INPUT: beef, skewers, sesame seeds, filet mignon eye, onions, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Beef Skewers | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 20 skewers; 1 tablespoon sesame seeds; 1 1/4 pounds filet mignon or boneless rib-eye, trimmed; 2 bunches green onions; salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Soak skewers in water for 1/2 hour. Preheat the broiler. In a small sauté pan over low heat, toast the sesame seeds, stirring constantly to avoid burning them. When the seeds are golden, remove them from the pan and reserve. Slice the beef into very thin strips — 1 1/2 inches in length, 3/4 inch in width, and as close to 1/4 inches thick as you can get. Slice the white stems of the green onions into 3/4-inch-long pieces; discard the rest. Roll up one piece of beef like a jellyroll. Place it on a skewer, add one piece of green onion, then another piece of beef and another scallion. Repeat with  <END>
INPUT: soup, onion, celery, carrots, smoked pork hocks
OUTPUT: TITLE: Easy Split Pea Soup | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons (1/4 stick) butter; 1 large onion, chopped; 1 cup chopped celery; 1 cup chopped peeled carrots; 1 1/2 pounds smoked pork hocks; 2 teaspoons dried leaf marjoram; 1 1/2 cups green split peas; 8 cups water | INSTRUCTIONS: Melt butter in heavy large pot or Dutch oven over medium-high heat. Add onion, celery and carrots. Sauté until vegetables begin to soften, about 8 minutes. Add pork and marjoram; stir 1 minute. Add peas, then water, and bring to boil. Reduce heat to medium-low. Partially cover pot; simmer soup until pork and vegetables are tender peas are falling apart, stirring often, about 1 hour and 10 minutes. Transfer hocks to bowl. Puree 5 cups soup in batches in blender. Return to pot. Cut pork off bones. Dice pork; return pork to soup. Season with salt and pepper. (Can be made 1 day ahead. Refrigerate  <END>
INPUT: Asian, apples Gala, lemon, granulated sugar, unsalted butter, firmly sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Ginger Baked Apples | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 4 medium apples such as Gala, Empire, or Granny Smith; 1 lemon; 4 tablespoons granulated sugar; 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened; 4 tablespoons firmly packed brown sugar; 2 teaspoons ground ginger; 4 tablespoons finely chopped pecans; 4 tablespoons chopped raisins | INSTRUCTIONS: In a bowl stir together the butter, the brown sugar, the ginger, the pecans, and the raisins. Core the apples, peel the top third. Rub the peeled flesh with lemon and dip into granulated sugar. Spoon the ginger mixture into the apple cavities, mounding it. Arrange apples in a baking dish just large enough to hold them. Bake apples in the middle of a preheated 375 degree oven, basting with accumulated syrup once or twice, for 35 to 40 minutes, or until they are tender. Baste the apples with syrup, transfer to a platter with a slotted spoon. Reserve syrup to serve on the side. <END>
INPUT: Italian, unbleached all purpose, cake flour, salt, eggs, water
OUTPUT: TITLE: Winter Squash-Stuffed Pasta with Almonds | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup unbleached all-purpose flour plus additional for dusting; 1/2 cup cake flour (not self-rising); 1/2 teaspoon salt; 2 whole large eggs, lightly beaten; 1 tablespoon water; 2 (12-oz) boxes frozen butternut squash (winter squash), cooked according to package directions and drained in a colander; 2 large egg yolks, lightly beaten; 1/4 cup finely ground amaretti crumbs* (from about 5 crisp Italian macaroons); 2 1/4 oz very finely grated Parmigiano-Reggiano (1 cup); 1/8 teaspoon black pepper; 3 1/2 cups chicken stock; 3 tablespoons olive oil; 1/4 cup sliced almonds; Special equipment: a pasta machine; Garnish: fresh chives | INSTRUCTIONS: Make pasta dough: Blend all dough ingredients in a food processor until mixture just begins to form a ball, 1 to 2 minutes. Knead dough on a lightly floured surface, incorporating only as much additional flour as necessary to keep dough from sticking, until smooth, 6 to 8 minutes (dough will be stiff but will soften as it rests). Wrap dough in plastic wrap and let rest at room temperature 1 hour. Blend all dough ingredients in a food processor until mixture just begins to form a ball, 1 to 2 minutes. Knead dough on a lightly floured surface, incorporating only as much additional flour as neces <END>
INPUT: hash, vegetable oil, onion, bell pepper, sweet potatoes, cumin
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sweet Potato Hash | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup vegetable oil; 1 red onion, thinly sliced (about 2 cups); 1 red bell pepper, diced (about 2 cups); 2 pounds sweet potatoes, quartered and cut into 1/4-inch slices; 1 teaspoon ground cumin; 2 teaspoons salt; 1/2 teaspoon red pepper flakes; 1/2 cup green onions, chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: Pour the oil into a large skillet and place over high heat. Add the onion and bell pepper and saute, stirring, 2 to 3 minutes. Add the potatoes, cumin, salt and red pepper flakes, lower the heat to medium-high and cook, stirring occasionally, for 25 to 30 minutes, or until the potatoes are fork tender and some are browned. The potatoes will begin to stick as they cook. Just continue to turn with a spatula. Stir in half of the green onions, top with the remainder, and serve immediately. <END>
INPUT: sour cream, horseradish, Olive oil, Kosher salt pepper, Chives
OUTPUT: TITLE: Horseradish Cream | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup sour cream; 2 tablespoons prepared horseradish; Olive oil; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; Chives, finely chopped, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine sour cream, prepared horseradish and a drizzle of olive oil in a small bowl and mix until thoroughly combined. Season with salt and pepper. Garnish with chopped chives and serve with short ribs. <END>
INPUT: spritzer, seedless grapes, grape juice, honey, vodka
OUTPUT: TITLE: Quick Grape Spritzer | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 bunch red seedless grapes, stemmed and washed (about 1 pound); 1 bunch white seedless grapes, stemmed and washed (about 1 pound); 1 quart chilled grape juice; 1 tablespoon honey; 16 ounces vodka; 2 cups chilled seltzer, club soda, or naturally sparkling water | INSTRUCTIONS: Put half of the red grapes and half of the white grapes in the freezer, for garnish. Put the remaining grapes in a large bowl and "smash" them with a whisk (or fingers). Add the smashed grape to a large pitcher and pour in the grape juice and honey. Stir in about 16 ounces of vodka. Fill glasses about 1/2 full with the grape juice mixture and top with a splash of seltzer. Drop and few frozen grapes into each glass for a festive garnish that doubles as an ice cube! <END>
INPUT: Italian, cake, Salt, water pasta, angel hair pasta, olive oil, Pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Crispy Pasta Cake with Red Pepper and Mozzarella Salad | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: Salt; water for pasta; 1 pound angel hair pasta; 1 teaspoon plus 1/4 cup olive oil; Red Pepper; Mozzarella; Salad, recipe follows; 9 cups loosely packed baby spinach; 8 cups mixed young green lettuces; 3/4 cup jarred roasted red peppers, cut into bite-size pieces; 1 1/2 cups diced fresh mozzarella (1/2-inch dice); About 1/2 cup your favorite salad dressing | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 200 degrees F. Add pasta to a large pot of boiling salted water and cook for 2 minutes less then package says. Drain and pour cool water over the top. Drain well and toss with 1 teaspoon olive oil. In a nonstick saute pan, heat 1/4 cup olive oil; when hot, add 1/4 of the pasta and spread evenly in the pan. Turn heat down to medium and cook until brown on the bottom. Carefully turn over and continue cooking until brown on other side. Remove with a slotted spoon to plate and keep warm in the oven. Continue with other 3 batches, adding more olive oil as needed. Divide crispy pasta <END>
INPUT: Mexican, rasberry, glaze, virgin olive oil, spice rub pork
OUTPUT: TITLE: Smoked Pork Loin with Rasberry Chipotle Glaze | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 (4-pound) pork loin; Extra-virgin olive oil, as needed; 3 tablespoons dry spice rub for pork; 1 (10-ounce) jar seedless raspberry jam; 1 (5-ounce) bottle chipotle hot pepper sauce (recommended: Tabasco) | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat stovetop or outdoor smoker to approximately 230 degrees F. Trim the white "silver skin" from the pork loin and lightly coat the entire loin with olive oil. Sprinkle the rub liberally on all sides of the loin. Place pork in the smoker and smoke until internal temperature or pork reaches 150 degrees F, about 1 1/2 to 2 hours. Remove pork from smoker and wrap lightly in aluminum foil. Meanwhile, preheat broiler. Place the jam in a medium bowl and stir in about 1/3 of the chipotle sauce. Mix well, adding more chipotle sauce until the heat and taste reach your personal preference. Unwrap th <END>
INPUT: Mexican, tamales, sauce, onion, garlic, salt, water
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken Tamales with Tomatillo-Cilantro Sauce | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 onion, halved; 2 cloves garlic, crushed; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 5 cups water; 1 pound (about 3 breasts) boneless, skinless chicken breasts; 2 bay leaves; 1 teaspoon dried oregano; 8 tomatillos, husks removed, rinsed, and quartered; 2 to 3 jalapeños, stemmed and halved; 1 cup lightly packed fresh cilantro, tender stems and leaves; 1 clove garlic; 2 tablespoons water; 1 tablespoon olive oil; 1 onion, sliced; Salt and black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Poach and Shred the Chicken Combine the onion, garlic, salt, and water in a saucepan and bring to a boil. Add the chicken breasts, bay leaves, and oregano and decrease the heat to a simmer. Cook the chicken, partially covered, for 35 minutes, or until cooked through. To check for doneness, slit the chicken in half to make sure the interior is no longer pink. Allow the chicken to cool in the broth. When cool enough to handle, remove the chicken from the pan. Strain and reserve the broth. Shred the chicken by hand by pulling apart the fibers of the chicken with your fingers and set aside. Combin <END>
INPUT: salad, haricots verts tender, virgin olive oil, Kosher salt, lemons, shallots
OUTPUT: TITLE: Green Bean and Mushroom Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 pounds haricots verts or tender green beans; 4 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; Kosher salt; 2 lemons; 2 large shallots, sliced; 10 ounces cremini mushrooms, very thinly sliced; 1 cup coarsely chopped walnuts; 2 teaspoons sugar; 1/4 cup coarsely chopped fresh parsley; Freshly ground pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring a large pot of generously salted water to a rolling boil. Add the beans and cook until crisp-tender, about 5 minutes. Drain and transfer to a large bowl. Toss with 3 tablespoons olive oil and 1 1/2 teaspoons salt. Cool, uncovered. Finely grate the zest of 1 lemon; combine with the shallots in another large bowl. Squeeze the juice from both lemons on top. Add the mushrooms and toss with 1 tablespoon salt. Set aside. Toast the walnuts in a dry skillet over medium heat until golden and fragrant. Sprinkle with the sugar and a pinch of salt and cook until the sugar melts, about 3 more minutes <END>
INPUT: relish, corn, Olive oil, Salt, sugar, unsalted butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Corn off the Cob, Cranberries, and Candied Spanish Peanut Relish | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 8 large ears corn, husked; Olive oil; Salt; 1 cup sugar; 1 stick unsalted butter; 1/4 cup water; 2 cups Spanish peanuts; 2 cups dried cranberries; 1 fist full cilantro leaves, coarsely chopped (washed before chopping) | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F. Coat each ear of corn in olive oil and sprinkle with salt, to taste. Put the ears of corn on a sheet pan and roast for 30 minutes. In a saute pan, heat the sugar until it starts to melt. Add 1 stick of butter and let that melt as well. Once the butter and sugar melt together, add 1/4 cup of water. When the color of the mixture begins to turn amber, add the peanuts and cook until the peanuts are completely coated with the syrup mixture and candied (they will have a bronzed color). Remove the corn from the oven and let cool. Cut the kernels off the cob as close <END>
INPUT: buttermilk, Kosher salt, chili de arbol, chickens, all purpose flour
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fried Chicken with Honey-Pink Peppercorn Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 quart buttermilk; Kosher salt; 2 teaspoons chili de arbol powder, or 2 tablespoons hotsauce; 2 chickens (3 to 4 pounds each), cut up into 8 pieces each; 3 cups all-purpose flour; 1 tablespoon garlic powder; 1 tablespoon onion powder; 1 tablespoon sweet paprika; 2 teaspoons cayenne pepper; Freshly ground black pepper; Peanut oil, for deep-frying; Honey-Pink Peppercorn Sauce, recipe follows; 1 cup honey; 2 teaspoons pink peppercorns, toasted and coarsely chopped; Grated zest of 1 lime | INSTRUCTIONS: Whisk together the buttermilk, 2 tablespoons salt and the chili de arbol in a large bowl or large baking dish. Add the chicken and turn to coat. Stir together the flour, garlic and onion powders, paprika and cayenne in a large baking dish. Season generously with salt and pepper. Pull the chicken out of the buttermilk, gently shaking off any excess liquid. Dredge the pieces a few at a time in the flour mixture and pat off any excess. Then dip back into the buttermilk and allow any excess to drain off. Dredge again in the seasoned flour and pat off the excess. Put the chicken pieces on a baking  <END>
INPUT: amandine, potatoes, asparagus spears, blades chives, egg
OUTPUT: TITLE: Trout Amandine, Steamed Asparagus, and New Potatoes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 pounds small red potatoes, quartered; 1 1/4 pounds thin asparagus spears; 10 blades fresh chives, snipped or chopped; 8 (4-ounce) lake or rainbow trout fillets; 1 egg; 1 cup milk; 1 cup flour; Salt and pepper; 1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil, plus a drizzle for potatoes; 4 tablespoons butter; 1 cup (about 6 ounces) whole blanched almonds; A handful fresh parsley leaves, finely chopped; 1 lemon, wedged | INSTRUCTIONS: Place oven on low and rest a platter on an oven rack. Add potatoes to a deep pot of boiling water; just enough to cover potatoes. Salt water and add potato halves. The potatoes will cook for about 12 minutes for fork tender. Hold asparagus spears at each end. Snap asparagus tips from tough ends by bending spears. Place spears in a colander. Rest colander on top of the potato pot and place a cover over the colander. The asparagus will steam while the potatoes cook. Do this the last 5 or 6 minutes that the potatoes are cooking. Potatoes will be just about done when the last of your trout is goin <END>
INPUT: mousse, whipping cream, quality semi sweet, espresso strong coffee, dark rum, butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate Mousse | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 3/4 cups whipping cream; 12 ounces quality semi-sweet chocolate chips; 3 ounces espresso or strong coffee; 1 tablespoon dark rum; 4 tablespoons butter; 1 teaspoon flavorless, granulated gelatin | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Chill 1 1/2 cups whipping cream in refrigerator. Chill metal mixing bowl and mixer beaters in freezer. In top of a double boiler, combine chocolate chips, coffee, rum and butter. Melt over barely simmering water, stirring constantly. Remove from heat while a couple of chunks are still visible. Cool, stirring occasionally to just above body temperature. Pour remaining 1/4 cup whipping cream into a metal measuring cup and sprinkle in the gelatin. Allow gelatin to "bloom" for 10 minutes. Then carefully heat by swirling the measuring cup over a low gas flame or candl <END>
INPUT: Indian, crusted, chutney, Tbs. olive oil, racks lamb, mint jelly, Tbs. coarse pepper, salt taste
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pepper Crusted Rack of Lamb With Plum Chutney | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 1 Tbs. olive oil; 2 racks of lamb, frenched; 1/4 cup store-bought mint jelly; 2 Tbs. coarse ground black pepper; salt to taste; 2 Tbs. olive oil; 1/2 cup small diced onion; 1/2 cup small diced celery; 2 garlic cloves, minced; 6 plums, pitted and very coarsely chopped; 1 cup dried plums, chopped; 1 Tbs. packed light brown sugar; 2 Tbs. cup red wine vinegar | INSTRUCTIONS: LAMB: Preheat grill or oven to 375F. Rub each rack all over with olive oil. Brush or spread meat side of each rack with mint jelly and season on top of that with salt and pepper. Transfer racks to hot grill, pepper side down. Grill with lid closed about 8 minutes, then turn 90 degrees and grill another 8-10 minutes until desired doneness. CHUTNEY: Heat olive oil in a small saucepan over medium-high heat. Add onions and celery and saute until soft. Add garlic and saute until fragrant. Add remaining ingredients and cook over medium-low heat for 15 minutes, stirring often, until thick. <END>
INPUT: gratin, bacon, parsnips, hazelnuts, whipping cream, low salt chicken
OUTPUT: TITLE: Parsnip and Hazelnut Gratin with Bacon | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 ounces bacon slices, chopped; 2 pounds parsnips (about 11 medium), peeled, trimmed, thinly sliced lengthwise; 1/2 cup hazelnuts, chopped, toasted, divided; 2 cups whipping cream; 1 cup low-salt chicken broth; 1 1/2 teaspoons kosher salt; 1 teaspoon ground black pepper; 2 tablespoons minced fresh sage | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 400°F. Sauté bacon in heavy medium skillet over medium-high heat until golden brown, about 6 minutes. Using slotted spoon, transfer bacon to large bowl. Stir in parsnips and 1/4 cup hazelnuts. Arrange mixture in even layer in 2-quart baking dish. Combine whipping cream, broth, salt, and pepper in medium bowl. Pour over parsnip mixture in dish. Bake gratin 30 minutes. Press down on parsnips with spatula to moisten evenly. Continue baking until parsnips are tender and liquid bubbles thickly, about 35 minutes longer. Let stand 10 minutes. Sprinkle with remaining hazelnuts and sage <END>
INPUT: Asian, chili garlic paste, lemon zest, ginger, garlic, sesame oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Ginger-Mango Flank Steak with Fennel Slaw | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon chili garlic paste recommended: Sambal); 1 tablespoon lemon zest (preferably organic); 2 tablespoons finely minced ginger; 2 tablespoons finely minced garlic; 2 tablespoons toasted sesame oil; 1/3 cup dark brown sugar; 1/2 cup ponzu (citrus seasoned soy sauce); Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 pound flank steak; 1 teaspoon canola oil; Ginger Mango Barbeque Sauce, recipe follows; Fennel Slaw, recipe follows; Radicchio, romaine, frisee or mixed baby greens, for serving; Your favorite vinaigrette, for salad; Sliced red onion, tomato and avocado, for serving, optional | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine all ingredients for the marinade in a bowl and mix well. Place steak in a plastic storage bag, add the marinade, remove as much air as possible and refrigerate overnight. Preheat grill pan over medium-high heat. Remove steak from marinade bag and remove as much of the marinade as possible. Reserve 1/2 cup marinade for barbeque sauce. Season the steak with kosher salt and pepper. Brush grill pan lightly with canola oil, grill steak for 2 1/2 minutes, rotate on same side 45 degrees (to create grill marks) and grill for another 2 1/2 minutes. Flip steak and cook for an additional 5 minute <END>
INPUT: Italian, bites, cranberry sauce, mayonnaise, orange zest, Vegetable oil, leftover stuffing
OUTPUT: TITLE: Crispy Turkey Bites | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup cranberry sauce; 1/4 cup mayonnaise; 1/2 teaspoon grated orange zest; Vegetable oil, for frying; 1 1/2 cups leftover stuffing; 1 cup finely diced cooked turkey; 1/4 cup freshly grated Parmesan cheese; 1/2 teaspoon chopped rosemary; 3 eggs; 1/2 cup flour; 1 cup panko breadcrumbs; 4 ounces smoked mozzarella, diced into 16 (1/2-inch) pieces; Kosher salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. For the dipping sauce: Puree the cranberry sauce, mayonnaise and orange zest in the bowl of a food processor until evenly combined. Refrigerate until ready to use. For the bites: Heat 3 inches of vegetable oil in a medium saucepan over medium heat to 350 degrees F on a deep-fry thermometer. Put the stuffing, turkey, Parmesan, rosemary and 1 egg in a medium bowl and mix well until the mixture is evenly moistened. Place the flour, remaining 2 eggs and the panko in 3 separate shallow bowls. Beat the eggs to break apart until 1 cohesive color. Shape 1 tablespoon of t <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, ingredient, sundried, oil sun tomatoes, chicken breast halves, broccoli rabe, olives, water
OUTPUT: TITLE: 5 Ingredient Sauteed Chicken and Broccoli Rabe with Black Olives, Sundried Tomatoes and Feta | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup diced oil-packed sun-dried tomatoes, plus 1 tablespoon oil from jar; 1 pound boneless skinless chicken breast halves, cut into 2-inch pieces; 1 bunch broccoli rabe, chopped; 1/2 cup sliced pitted black olives; 1/4 cup water; Salt; Freshly ground black pepper; 1/3 cup crumbled feta cheese | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat the oil from sun-dried tomatoes in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Add chicken and cook 3 to 5 minutes, until golden brown on all sides. Add tomatoes, broccoli rabe, olives, and 1/4 cup water, season with salt and pepper, cover and cook 3 minutes, until broccoli rabe wilts and chicken is cooked through. Remove from heat, transfer to a serving plate and top with feta cheese. Usually served with capellini pasta or rice. <END>
INPUT: browned, onions, coarse kasha, egg, boiling hot water, salt, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Kasha with Browned Onions and Walnuts | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup coarse kasha (roasted buckwheat groats); 1 large egg, lightly beaten; 2 cups boiling-hot water; 3/4 teaspoon salt; 1/2 teaspoon black pepper; 3/4 cup walnuts (3 oz), coarsely chopped; 1 1/2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1 medium onion, coarsely chopped; 2 teaspoons fresh thyme leaves; 3 tablespoons chopped fresh flat-leaf parsley | INSTRUCTIONS: Stir together kasha and egg until coated well, then cook in a dry 3 1/2- to 4-quart heavy saucepan over moderate heat, stirring constantly, until grains smell toasty and begin to separate, about 2 minutes. Add boiling-hot water, 1/2 teaspoon salt, and 1/4 teaspoon pepper and simmer, covered, over low heat until kasha is barely tender and most of water is absorbed, about 12 minutes. Remove from heat and let stand, covered, 10 minutes. While kasha cooks, toast walnuts in 1 tablespoon butter in a 12-inch heavy skillet over moderate heat, stirring frequently, 5 minutes. Transfer nuts to a plate, t <END>
INPUT: scented, puree, sweet potatoes, salt, pepper, vanilla bean
OUTPUT: TITLE: Vanilla Scented Sweet Potato Puree | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound sweet potatoes, peeled and cut into large dice; 2 teaspoons salt; 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 1/2 stick (4 ounces) unsalted butter, cubed; 1/2 vanilla bean, scraped | INSTRUCTIONS: Place the potatoes, 2 cups water, salt and pepper into a medium saucepan with a lid. Bring to a boil and return to a simmer, cover and cook until very tender, about 20 minutes. Add the potatoes, but not the liquid, to a food processor, and puree until smooth. Add the butter and the vanilla bean seeds to the puree, and pulse again until all ingredients are incorporated and smooth. Hold until ready to plate. <END>
INPUT: chowder, cherrystone clams, fish stock, strip bacon, onions, celery
OUTPUT: TITLE: Clam Chowder | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 16 cherrystone clams, fresh, in the shell; 2 cups fish stock; 1 strip bacon, julienne; 1/4 cup onions, medium diced; 1/4 cup celery, medium diced; 1/2 cup Idaho potatoes, peeled, medium dice; 1 sage leaf, fresh; 1/4 teaspoon thyme, dried leaves; 1 bay leaf; 3 drops tabasco sauce; 1/2 teaspoon white worcestershire sauce; 1/2 cup evaporated skimmed milk; 2 tablespoons arrowroot; 1/4 cup scallions, sliced; Chives, fresh, sliced | INSTRUCTIONS: Steam the clams in the stock. Remove the clams, chop the meat, and reserve. Strain the steaming liquid through cheesecloth. Reserve. Render the bacon. Add the onions and celery and saute until translucent. Add the stock, potatoes, sage, thyme, bay leaves, tabasco and worcesterchire. Simmer until the potatoes are tender. Combine the evaporated skimmed milk and the arrowroot. Gradually stir this mixture into the soup and continue to simmer for a few minutes, until thickened. Add the scallions. Add the reserved chopped clams and fresh herbs just before serving. <END>
INPUT: purses, cubed, milk, leeks, virgin olive oil, bulk sausage
OUTPUT: TITLE: Swiss Chard Purses with Sausage Stuffing | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 5 cups cubed (1-inch) day-old bread (from a baguette or country loaf); 2 cups whole milk; 2 large leeks, outer leaves removed and cut lengthwise into 25 (12- by 1/4-inch) strips, then remaining white and pale green parts chopped (2 cups); 4 1/2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1 lb bulk sausage (sweet Italian or breakfast sausage); 2 lb large green Swiss chard leaves, stems trimmed flush with leaves and then finely chopped and leaves left whole; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/2 teaspoon black pepper; 2 large eggs, lightly beaten; 1/2 cup reduced-sodium chicken broth | INSTRUCTIONS: Make stuffing: Soak bread cubes in milk in a large bowl until softened, 20 to 30 minutes. Squeeze out milk, discarding it, then crumble bread into bowl. Wash chopped leeks well in a bowl of cold water, agitating them to loosen any grit, then lift out and transfer to a sieve to drain. Heat 1 tablespoon oil in a 12-inch heavy skillet over moderately high heat until hot but not smoking. Crumble sausage into skillet and brown, breaking up lumps with a fork, about 3 minutes. Transfer sausage with a slotted spoon to bowl with bread. Add 2 tablespoons oil to skillet, then sauté chopped leek, chard st <END>
INPUT: divinely, benedict, bacon, hollandaise sauce mix, bottled clam juice, milk
OUTPUT: TITLE: Divinely Rich Eggs Benedict with Crab | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 16 slices thick-cut bacon; One .9-ounce package hollandaise sauce mix; 1/2 cup bottled clam juice; 1/2 cup milk; 1/4 cup (1 stick) plus 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; One 4-ounce container prepared refrigerated hollandaise sauce; 1/2 cup store-bought pesto; 1 teaspoon finely chopped fresh parsley; 1 teaspoon finely chopped fresh sage; 1 teaspoon finely chopped fresh thyme; 4 croissants; 1 cup lump crabmeat; 8 large eggs; 1 tablespoon white vinegar; 8 teaspoons finely chopped black olives | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Lay the bacon slices on a rack on a baking sheet. Bake until crispy, 15 to 20 minutes. Set aside and keep warm. Make the hollandaise mix according to package instructions, using the clam juice and milk with the 1/4 cup butter. Whisk in the prepared hollandaise. Set aside and keep warm. Put the pesto into a small bowl and mix in the herbs. Thin it with a little water. Melt the remaining 2 tablespoons butter in a medium skillet over medium heat. Cut the croissants in half and cook them in the butter until they are nicely browned.  <END>
INPUT: Asian, open, faced, shrimp, All purpose flour, Vegetable oil, gingerroot, mayonnaise
OUTPUT: TITLE: Open-Faced Fried Shrimp Sandwiches with Ginger Mayonnaise | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 pound small shrimp, shelled; All-purpose flour seasoned with salt and cayenne; Vegetable oil, for deep frying the shrimp; 4 tablespoons minced peeled fresh gingerroot; 1 1/3 cup mayonnaise; 6 tablespoons Dijon-style mustard; 8 slices rye bread, toasted lightly; 20 radishes, trimmed and sliced thin; 2 cups lightly packed alfalfa sprouts; 8 watercress sprigs for garnish; 4 teaspoons fresh lemon juice | INSTRUCTIONS: In a plastic bag, toss the shrimp with the seasoned flour to coat them, transfer the shrimp to a large sieve, and shake off the excess flour. In a kettle heat 1 inch of the oil over moderately high heat until it registers 375 degrees on a deep-fat thermometer and in it fry the shrimp in batches, stirring occasionally, for 1 minute, or until they are just cooked through, transferring them as they are fried to paper towels to drain. In a bowl stir together the gingerroot, mayonnaise and mustard until the mixture is well combined and spread 1 tablespoon of the ginger mayonnaise on each pieces of  <END>
INPUT: Mexican, hash, browns, lime juice, cilantro leaves, aged sherry vinegar, clover honey, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Yucca Hash Browns with Bacon, Onion and Lime-Cilantro Mojo | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup fresh lime juice; 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh cilantro leaves; 2 tablespoons aged sherry vinegar; 1/2 teaspoon clover honey; 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped; 1/4 to 1/2 half small habanero chile, diced; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 1/2 pounds yucca, washed, peeled and cut into 3/4-inchdice; 1 bay leaf; 1/2 head garlic; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 to 4 tablespoons canola oil; 12 ounces slab bacon, diced; 2 teaspoons ground cumin; 1 small Spanish onion, diced | INSTRUCTIONS: For the mojo: Stir together the lime juice, cilantro, vinegar, honey, garlic, chiles and some salt and black pepper in a small bowl and let sit at room temperature while you prepare the hash, to allow the flavors to meld. For the yucca hash: Put the yucca, bay leaf and garlic in a large saucepan and cover with cold water by 2 inches. Sprinkle the water with salt and black pepper. Bring the water to a boil, and then reduce the heat to a simmer. Cook the yucca until just tender, but not falling apart. Drain well in a colander, then transfer to a paper-towel-lined baking sheet to drain again. Dis <END>
INPUT: American, casserole, corn kernels, Salt pepper, nutmeg, vegetable oil, onions
OUTPUT: TITLE: Corn Casserole | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 6 cups fresh corn kernels; Salt and black pepper; 1/2 teaspoon ground nutmeg; 2 tablespoons vegetable oil; 2 cups chopped onions; 6 whole eggs, beaten; 1 cup milk; 2 cups grated aged white cheddar; 2 teaspoons oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Carefully remove the corn from the cob with a knife and put in a food processor. Transfer to a large bowl. Coarsely puree with salt, pepper, and nutmeg. In a saute pan, add the oil and the onions and saute until translucent. Add the onions to the corn mixture. Add the beaten eggs, milk and half of the grated Cheddar and combine. Use 2 teaspoons of oil to coat a 13 by 9-inch baking dish. Transfer the corn mixture to the dish and top with the rest of the grated Cheddar. Place the dish in the oven and bake for 30 to 40 minutes or until the top of the casserole i <END>
INPUT: Asian, crisp, calamari, bean thread noodles, peanut sesame oil, Sriracha chili sauce, ginger, honey
OUTPUT: TITLE: Crisp Five-Spice Calamari with Spicy Citrus Noodles | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 8 ounces bean thread noodles (vermicelli); 2 tablespoons peanut or toasted sesame oil; 1 to 2 tablespoons Sriracha chili sauce; 1 tablespoon finely grated peeled fresh ginger; 1 tablespoon honey; 1 tablespoon light brown sugar; Juice of 1 large pink grapefruit; 1 serrano chile, sliced into thin rings; Juice of 1/2 lemon; 1 teaspoon Chinese five-spice powder; 1 teaspoon sea salt; 1 teaspoon ground white pepper; 2 heaping tablespoons potato starch; 3 large yolks, beaten; 3 cups vegetable oil | INSTRUCTIONS: For the noodles and dressing: Bring a large pot of water to a boil. Put the noodles in a large bowl and pour boiling water over them to cover. Let stand for 4 minutes, and then drain in a colander, rinse with cold water, shake well, and transfer to a bowl. Drizzle the oil on top, toss well to coat, and set aside. Stir together the chili sauce, ginger, honey, sugar, grapefruit juice and lemon juice until well combined. Stir in the chiles and set aside. For the calamari: Stir together the five-spice powder, salt and white pepper in a small bowl and set aside. Whisk together the potato starch and <END>
INPUT: roast, sauce, water, coarse kosher salt, honey, lemon juice, Peel from lemon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roast Chicken with Mustard-Thyme Sauce and Green Salad with Olives | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 10 1/2 cups water; 1/2 cup coarse kosher salt; 3 tablespoons honey; 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; Peel from 1 lemon, cut into long strips with vegetable peeler; 1 bay leaf; 3 large fresh thyme sprigs plus 1 teaspoon fresh thyme leaves; 1 4 1/2-pound chicken (giblets reserved for another use); 2 cups (or more) low-salt chicken broth, divided; 1 tablespoon butter, room temperature; 1 tablespoon all purpose flour; 2 tablespoons whole grain mustard; Green Salad with Olives | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring 10 1/2 cups water, coarse salt, honey, lemon juice, lemon peel, bay leaf, and thyme sprigs to boil in large pot. Cool slightly, then refrigerate brine until cold. Place chicken in very large resealable plastic bag; add brine and seal. Refrigerate chicken 6 hours. Drain chicken from brine; rinse and pat dry. Place chicken on plate. Let stand uncovered in refrigerator at least 2 hours and up to 24 hours. Preheat oven to 375°F. Place chicken on rack in roasting pan. Roast chicken 20 minutes; add 1 cup broth to roasting pan. Roast chicken 20 minutes longer; add 1 cup broth to roasting pan. R <END>
INPUT: stock, chicken wings, onion, carrots, celery, flat leaf parsley
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken Stock | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 pounds chicken wings; 1 medium onion, unpeeled, cut into 1" pieces; 2 large carrots, peeled, cut into 1" pieces; 2 celery stalks, cut into 1" pieces; 6 sprigs flat-leaf parsley; 1 teaspoon whole black peppercorns | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine all ingredients and 3 quarts cold water in a large stockpot. Bring to a boil; reduce heat and simmer gently, skimming the surface occasionally, until stock is reduced by one-third, 2 1/2-3 hours. Strain stock through a fine-mesh sieve into a large bowl; discard solids. DO AHEAD: Stock can be made 3 days ahead. Let cool completely, then cover and chill, or freeze for up to 3 months. Combine all ingredients and 3 quarts cold water in a large stockpot. Bring to a boil; reduce heat and simmer gently, skimming the surface occasionally, until stock is reduced by one-third, 2 1/2-3 hours. Str <END>
INPUT: macaroons, Jif® Creamy Peanut, egg whites, vanilla extract, salt, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Peanut Butter Macaroons | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup Jif® Creamy Peanut Butter; 2 large egg whites; 1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract; Dash salt; 2/3 cup sugar; 1 (3 1/2 oz.) can (1 1/3 cups) flaked coconut | INSTRUCTIONS: HEAT oven to 325 degrees F. Spray a cookie sheet with no-stick cooking spray. Melt peanut butter in a saucepan over very low heat; cool slightly. BEAT egg whites, vanilla and salt in medium bowl until soft peaks form. Gradually add sugar, beating until stiff peaks form. Fold in coconut and melted peanut butter. Drop by rounded teaspoonfuls onto prepared cookie sheet. BAKE 20 minutes. Let stand 1 minute; remove to rack. Cool. <END>
INPUT: tuiles, unsalted butter, sugar, light corn syrup, heavy cream, all purpose flour
OUTPUT: TITLE: Peanut Tuiles | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 5 tablespoons unsalted butter, cut into pieces; 1/2 cup sugar; 3 tablespoons light corn syrup; 1 tablespoon heavy cream; 1/2 cup all-purpose flour; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 3/4 cup salted roasted or cocktail peanuts, chopped; Special equipment: an 18- by 13-inch nonstick bakeware liner such as Silpat; a small offset spatula | INSTRUCTIONS: Put oven rack in middle position and preheat oven to 350°F. Line baking sheet with nonstick liner. Combine butter, sugar, corn syrup, and cream in a 2-quart heavy saucepan and bring to a boil over moderate heat, stirring constantly. Add flour and salt and cook, stirring constantly, until batter is slightly thickened, about 1 minute. Stir in peanuts. Working in small batches, drop level teaspoons of batter about 3 inches apart on lined baking sheet. Bake until golden and bubbly, 5 to 7 minutes. Cool on baking sheet on a rack 1 1/2 minutes. Quickly but carefully flip cookies over with spatula. W <END>
INPUT: baci, all purpose flour, Parmesan, Pecorino Romano, eggs, veal
OUTPUT: TITLE: Veal Baci | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup all-purpose flour; 1 cup grated Parmesan; 1/3 cup grated Pecorino Romano; 3 eggs, lightly beaten; 2 1/4 pounds veal, cut into pieces and pounded thin; 1/4 cup vegetable oil; 1 shallot, diced; 1 tablespoon sweet cream butter; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 3 lemons, juiced; 1 sprig fresh parsley leaves, chopped; 1/4 cup white wine | INSTRUCTIONS: Place flour and cheeses in a large flat dish. Put the eggs in a bowl large enough to dip the veal. Lightly flour the veal, then dip in eggs and flour mixture. With the tip of a chef's knife poke about 10 holes in each piece of veal. In a 12-inch saute pan, heat the oil (reserving a little). Add the veal and cook until lightly brown on both sides, approximately 1 minute per side. Remove the veal and place on a flat dish lined with paper towels. Reserve. In a separate 12-inch saute pan add remaining oil and heat. When oil is warm add shallots and saute for 5 seconds. Over a medium flame add butt <END>
INPUT: crumble, raspberries, coconut oil, vanilla pod, coconut blossom nectar, apple
OUTPUT: TITLE: Passion Fruit “Crumble” | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup raspberries; 1 teaspoon coconut oil; 1 vanilla pod, cut in half and seeds scraped out; 1 tablespoon coconut blossom nectar or maple syrup (or sweetener of your choice); 1 small eating apple, peeled and cored; 3 large passion fruits; 1/4 cup cashew nuts, finely chopped; 2 teaspoons coconut sugar; 6 mint leaves, finely chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350°F. In a saucepan over low heat, cook the raspberries with the coconut oil, vanilla seeds and pod, and the coconut blossom nectar or maple syrup for 3 to 4 minutes. Pulse the apple in a food processor, add to the compote and cook for another minute. Take off the heat and remove the vanilla pod. Halve and empty the passion fruits, reserving the shells, and put into a bowl with the compote. If the compote is very runny, strain the juices through a sieve into the saucepan and bubble over medium heat until thick and syrupy. Pour this syrup back into the compote. If it’s slig <END>
INPUT: trifle, orange cake, good raspberry jam, half raspberries, Orange cream
OUTPUT: TITLE: Raspberry Orange Trifle | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 orange pound cake, recipe follows; 1 cup good raspberry jam; 2 half-pints fresh raspberries; Orange cream, recipe follows; 1 cup (1/2 pint) cold heavy cream; 2 tablespoons sugar; 1/2 teaspoon pure vanilla extract; 1/2 pound (2 sticks) unsalted butter at room temperature; 2 1/2 cups sugar, divided; 4 extra-large eggs, at room temperature; 1/3 cup grated orange zest (6 oranges); 3 cups all-purpose flour; 1/2 teaspoon baking powder; 1/2 teaspoon baking soda; 1 teaspoon kosher salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Cut the pound cake into 9 (3/4-inch) slices and spread each slice on 1 side with raspberry jam, using all the jam. Set aside. Place a layer of cake, jam side up, in the bottom of a 2 1/2 to 3-quart glass serving bowl, cutting the pieces to fit. Top with a layer of raspberries and orange cream. Repeat the layers of cake, raspberries, and orange cream, ending with a third layer of cake, jam side down, and raspberries. Whip the cream in the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the whisk attachment. When it starts to thicken, add the sugar and vanilla and continue t <END>
INPUT: American, Medjool dates, Asiago, applewood smoked bacon, Smoked paprika
OUTPUT: TITLE: Asiago-Stuffed Dates with Bacon and Smoked Paprika | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 12 Medjool dates; 12 1 1/2 x 1/4 x 1/4-inch pieces Asiago, Manchego, or pecorino cheese; 4 slices applewood-smoked bacon, each cut crosswise into 3 pieces; Smoked paprika* | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 425°F. Using small knife, make small cut in side of each date; remove pit. Insert 1 piece of cheese into each date. Brush bacon slices generously on 1 side with smoked paprika. Wrap each date with 1 piece of bacon, with paprika side against date. Secure bacon with toothpick. Arrange dates on rimmed baking sheet. Roast until bacon is browned on bottom, about 6 minutes. Turn dates; roast until bacon is cooked, about 6 minutes longer. Transfer to plate; cool slightly. Remove toothpicks. Preheat oven to 425°F. Using small knife, make small cut in side of each date; remove pit. Inse <END>
INPUT: American, herbed, mixed herbs, Kosher salt, pepper, porterhouse steaks
OUTPUT: TITLE: Porterhouse Steak with Herbed Butter | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup mixed fresh herbs, such as chives, thyme leaves, and marjoram leaves, finely chopped; 1/2 cup (1 stick) unsalted butter, at room temperature; Kosher salt; Freshly ground black pepper; 2 porterhouse steaks, (2-inch thick), about 4 pounds; 2 tablespoons vegetable oil; 2 tablespoons butter; Kosher salt; Freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Make the herbed butter: In a bowl, using a wooden spoon, stir together the herbs and butter. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Spoon mixture generously into ramekins and use the back of a butter knife to smooth the surface, removing any extra. Cover with plastic wrap and place in the refrigerator. In a bowl, using a wooden spoon, stir together the herbs and butter. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Spoon mixture generously into ramekins and use the back of a butter knife to smooth the surface, removing any extra. Cover with plastic wrap and place in the refrigerator. Cook the steak: Pr <END>
INPUT: black, salad, potatoes, onion, wine Dijon mustard, olive oil, parsley
OUTPUT: TITLE: Smoked Black Cod Salad with Potato Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 medium red potatoes, with skins, washed; 1/2 medium red onion, thinly sliced; 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar1 tablespoon plus 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard; 1/2 cup olive oil; 1 bunch parsley, leaves only, chopped; 2 teaspoons pureed garlic; 1 1/2 teaspoons salt; Dash of white pepper; 1 cup hickory chips; 1/2 cup coarse salt; 1/2 large onion, sliced; 3 tablespoons brown sugar; 3 bay leaves; 1 tablespoon dry mustard; 1 1-inch length fresh ginger, sliced thinly | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: mandoline or food processor fitted with a 2-millimeter slicing blade Prepare Potato Salad Vinaigrette: Using a mandoline or food processor fitted with a 2-millimeter slicing blade, slice potatoes across width as thinly as possible. Place in a large bowl and wash in cold, running water until water runs clear. Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add potatoes, bring back to a boil, and remove from heat. Drain in a colander. In a medium bowl, toss potatoes with red onion and reserve. Whisk remaining ingredients in a small bowl to form a vinaigrette. Pour over potatoes a <END>
INPUT: crunch, egg, sugar, salt, almonds, Bosc pears
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Pears with Almond Crunch | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 large egg white; 3 tablespoons sugar; 1/8 teaspoon salt; 3/4 cup sliced almonds (preferably with skins; 2 3/4 oz); 3 firm Bosc pears (1 1/2 lb total); 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened; 1/4 cup plus 1 tablespoon sugar; 3 tablespoons Amaretto or other almond-flavored liqueur; 1/2 cup water; Special equipment: parchment paper; a melon-ball cutter (optional); Accompaniment: mascarpone cheese (optional) | INSTRUCTIONS: Make almond crunch: Put oven rack in middle position and preheat oven to 350°F. Line a baking sheet with parchment. Whisk together egg white, sugar, and salt until sugar is completely dissolved, then add almonds, stirring until coated. Spread mixture in a very thin layer on parchment-lined sheet, spreading almonds away from center of pan. Bake until deep golden, 15 to 25 minutes. Cool on baking sheet on a rack, then break into pieces. Put oven rack in middle position and preheat oven to 350°F. Line a baking sheet with parchment. Whisk together egg white, sugar, and salt until sugar is complete <END>
INPUT: Mexican, crisp, rolls, vegetable oil, shallots, Swiss chard leaves, garlic, fine sea salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Swiss Chard and Crisp Shallot Rolls with Cilantro Raita | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup vegetable oil; 1/2 pound shallots, thinly sliced (2 cups); 8 medium Swiss chard leaves, stems trimmed flush with leaves; 1 small garlic clove; 1/2 teaspoon fine sea salt; 1/2 cup chopped fresh cilantro; 1 cup whole-milk yogurt; a deep-fat thermometer | INSTRUCTIONS: Fry shallots: Heat oil in a 1-quart saucepan over moderately high heat until hot but not smoking (365°F on deep-fat thermometer), then fry shallots in 3 batches, stirring occasionally, until golden brown, 2 to 3 minutes. Transfer as fried with a slotted spoon to paper towels to drain, spreading evenly, then cool. Heat oil in a 1-quart saucepan over moderately high heat until hot but not smoking (365°F on deep-fat thermometer), then fry shallots in 3 batches, stirring occasionally, until golden brown, 2 to 3 minutes. Transfer as fried with a slotted spoon to paper towels to drain, spreading eve <END>
INPUT: pudding, sweet tomatoes, bread crusts removed, Sea salt, pepper, virgin olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tomato Pudding | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 pounds sweet ripe tomatoes; 12 to 15 slices firm white bread with the crusts removed; Sea salt; Freshly ground black pepper; Extra virgin olive oil; Sherry Vinaigrette; Herbs | INSTRUCTIONS: Peel the tomatoes, and cut them in half. Scoop out the seeds, juice and pulp and process with the skins. Chop the tomato flesh, and put it in a bowl. Rub the pulp and skins through the sieve to extract maximum juice and flavor. Pour half the resulting liquid on to the tomatoes. Taste the mixture, and then just enough salt and pepper to season. Season the remaining tomato liquid with salt and pepper to taste. Cut the bread into wedges, dip into the seasoned tomato liquid, and line small molds as if making individual summer puddings, or a large pudding basin. Spoon in the chopped tomato, and cov <END>
INPUT: Mexican, margarita, Ice, blood orange juice, tequila, triple sec, Juice lime
OUTPUT: TITLE: Blood-O Margarita | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: Ice; About 2 ounces blood orange juice; 1 1/2 ounces tequila, such as Patron Gold; 1/2 ounce triple sec; Juice of 1 lime; Splash simple syrup; Dash sour mix | INSTRUCTIONS: Fill a cocktail shaker with ice. Add the blood orange juice, tequila, triple sec, lime juice, simple syrup and sour mix. Shake vigorously to combine. Pour over an ice-filled Collins glass. <END>
INPUT: pancakes, egg, milk, vegetable oil, pancake mix
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chris Cakes Pancakes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 egg; 3/4 cup milk; 1/4 cup vegetable oil; 1 cup pancake mix (recommended: Chris Cakes) | INSTRUCTIONS: In a small bowl, mix the egg, milk, and oil. Stir in pancake mix only until lumps dissolve. Preheat a griddle to about 350 degrees F. Ladle batter onto hot griddle and cook. Flip pancakes when edges are cooked and bubbles on top begin to break. Serve immediately. <END>
INPUT: frosting, unsweetened chocolate, butter, confectioners' sugar, vanilla extract, milk
OUTPUT: TITLE: Best Chocolate Frosting | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 ounces unsweetened chocolate; 3 tablespoons butter; 3 cups confectioners' sugar; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; 3 to 8 tablespoons milk | INSTRUCTIONS: In a double boiler over hot water melt chocolate with the butter. Remove from heat and allow to cool for 5 minutes. In an electric mixer add chocolate mixture and confectioners' sugar. Beat until mixture resembles chalky beads. Add the vanilla and the milk 1 tablespoon at a time until a spreadable consistency is reached. Beat until fluffy -- adding more milk if necessary. <END>
INPUT: cakes, lump crabmeat, bell pepper, jalapeno, old bay seasoning, mayonnaise
OUTPUT: TITLE: Simple Crab Cakes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 pound lump crabmeat; 1/4 cup diced red bell pepper; 1/2 fresh jalapeno, seeded and finely chopped; 2 teaspoons old bay seasoning; 2 - 3 tablespoons mayonnaise; 2 cups fresh bread crumbs; 1 egg, lightly beaten; salt & pepper; 3 tablespoons vegetable oil; 1 cup mayonnaise; 3 tablespoons hot chile sauce; 1 tablespoon lemon juice | INSTRUCTIONS: Carefully pick over the crabmeat feeling for bits of shell and cartilage and discarding them. Stir in the peppers, seasoning and mayonnaise. Stir in up to 1/2 cup of bread crumbs to mixture or as much is needed to bind ingredients. Shape into 4 - 6 cakes, depending on desired size. Place on a plate and chill for 1 hour in refrigerator. Dip each cake into beaten egg and then into bread crumbs and set aside. Heat oil in a non-stick skillet over medium high heat. Cook cakes on each side until golden brown. Serve warm with spicy mayonnaise Stir all ingredients until well combined and chill <END>
INPUT: soup, virgin olive oil, fish bones, onions, carrots, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fish Soup | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 3 pounds fish bones, such as red snapper, sea bass, or halibut; 2 medium onions, sliced; 2 carrots, peeled and sliced; 10 cloves fresh garlic, peeled; 2 branches fennel, sliced; 10 ripe tomatoes, sliced; 1 stalk celery, sliced; 1 large potato, peeled and sliced; 2 cups dry white wine; Large pinch saffron threads; 2 to 3 sprigs fresh thyme; 1/2 bunch fresh basil, chopped; Light fish stock, recipe follows, or water to cover (about 3 cups); 2 tablespoons Pernod | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat a large heavy stockpot and to it add the olive oil. Add the fish bones and cook them over low heat, covered, until any flesh on them flakes from the bones. Add the vegetables and any shells from the shrimp, cover and cook over low heat until the vegetables sweat, about 10 minutes. Deglaze the pot with the wine, scraping up any particles sticking to the bottom of the pan. Stir in the saffron, thyme, and basil. Add the fish stock or water, and let the mixture gently boil for 1 hour. Then puree it in a food processor or pass it through a food mill. Pass the puree through a medium strainer in <END>
INPUT: packin, punch, carrots, broccoli slaw, jalapeno, onion, cider vinegar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Packin' A Punch Broccoli Slaw | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup shredded carrots; 2 cups shredded broccoli slaw; 1 red jalapeno, seeded and minced; 1/2 medium red onion, thinly sliced; 1/4 cup cider vinegar; 1 lime, zested and juiced; 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt; 2 tablespoons sugar; 1/2 teaspoon red pepper flakes; 1/2 teaspoon cracked black pepper; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large serving bowl, combine the carrots, broccoli slaw, jalapeno and red onion. Set aside. In a small saucepan, add the vinegar, lime zest, lime juice, salt, sugar, red pepper flakes and the black pepper. Bring to a light boil over low heat. Remove from heat and allow to cool for a few minutes. Add the olive oil to the vinegar mixture, pour over the vegetables and toss together to combine. Refrigerate until serving. <END>
INPUT: curried, sauce, cucumber, parsley, rice wine vinegar, Salt, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Curried Scallops with Cucumber Sauce and Salmon Pearls | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 medium cucumber, hot house variety; 1/4 cup chopped parsley; 1/3 cup rice wine vinegar; Salt; Freshly ground black pepper; *2 egg yolks; 1 teaspoon sugar; 1/4 cup light sesame oil; 1/4 cup almond oil; 6 dry pack sea scallops, side muscle removed; Salt and pepper; 1/2 cup curry powder; 1 cup flour; 2 tablespoons peanut oil; 1 tablespoon butter | INSTRUCTIONS: With a paring knife, remove the skin from the outside of the cucumber. Coarsely chop the skin. Discard the remaining cucumber or reserve for another use. In a blender, puree the cucumber, parsley, and vinegar and season with salt and pepper. Add the egg yolks and sugar and blend for 30 seconds to combine. With the blender running, add the oils in a slow steady stream to form an emulsion. Season, to taste. Refrigerate until ready to use. Season the scallops with salt and pepper and set aside. Place the curry powder in a small saute pan and heat over medium heat, stirring constantly. Cook for 30 <END>
INPUT: ketchup, olive oil, onion, garlic, plum tomatoes, distilled vinegar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Homemade Tomato Ketchup | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons olive oil; 3 cups coarsely chopped onion; 3 garlic cloves, minced; 3 pounds ripe plum tomatoes, coarsely chopped; 1/3 cup distilled white vinegar; 1/2 cup dark corn syrup; 1/4 teaspoon ground cloves; 1/4 teaspoon ground allspice; 1 teaspoon mustard seeds; 1/2 teaspoon ground celery seeds; 1 tablespoon salt; 2 teaspoons freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large heavy pot heat the olive oil over moderate heat and cook the onion until golden brown, stirring occasionally, about 8 to 10 minutes. Add the garlic and cook for another minute. Add the tomatoes, vinegar, corn syrup, cloves, allspice, mustard seeds, celery seeds, salt and pepper stirring to combine. Bring the mixture to a boil, reduce heat and simmer, stirring occasionally, for 1 hour. Pass the mixture through a food mill into a bowl and return to the pot. Bring the mixture back to a simmer and cook until very thick, stirring occasionally, about 45 minutes. Allow the ketchup to cool. <END>
INPUT: French, quesadillas, olive oil, onion, jalapeño chili, diameter flour tortillas, Brie
OUTPUT: TITLE: Brie, Papaya and Onion Quesadillas | CUISINE: French | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon olive oil; 1/2 large onion, thinly sliced; 2 to 3 teaspoons minced seeded jalapeño chili; 8 6-inch-diameter flour tortillas; 8 ounces Brie, diced; 1/2 cup chopped fresh cilantro; 1/2 large papaya, peeled, seeded, thinly sliced crosswise; Sour cream; Purchased salsa (optional) | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 425°F. Heat oil in medium skillet over medium-high heat. Add onion and jalapeño and sauté until onion is just tender, about 4 minutes; cool slightly. Arrange 4 tortillas on heavy large baking sheet. Arrange Brie, then cilantro, papaya and onion mixture over tortillas, dividing equally. Top each with another tortilla, pressing to adhere. Bake quesadillas until cheese melts and filling is heated through, about 8 minutes. Transfer quesadillas to plates; cut into wedges. Serve passing sour cream and salsa, if desired. Preheat oven to 425°F. Heat oil in medium skillet over medium-hi <END>
INPUT: rillettes, celery, onion, leek, peppercorns, bay leaf
OUTPUT: TITLE: Salmon Rillettes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 celery stalk, sliced thin; 1 onion, sliced thin; 1 leek, sliced thin; 1 teaspoon whole peppercorns; 1 bay leaf; 1 cup white wine; 1 lemon, halved; 6 ounces king salmon filet; 2 ounces crème fraîche (budget partiers can substitute sour cream or a cream and sour cream combo); 2 tablespoons minced chives; 3 tablespoons lemon extra virgin olive oil; salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring a large pot of water to a simmer. Add the celery, onion, leek, peppercorns, bay leaf, wine and lemon and simmer for 25 minutes. Then add the salmon. Cover the pot, remove it from the heat, and let it stand for 10 minutes. Remove the salmon and chill it in the refrigerator. Discard the vegetable water. In a food processor or by hand, whip with salmon with the crème fraîche, chives, and olive oil, and add salt and pepper to taste. Keep the spread chilled until you're ready to serve. Bring a large pot of water to a simmer. Add the celery, onion, leek, peppercorns, bay leaf, wine and lemon a <END>
INPUT: limeade, limes, mint leaves, sugar, pineapple juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pineapple Limeade | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 limes, each cut into eighths; 20 mint leaves; 1 tablespoon sugar; 5 cups pineapple juice, chilled; 1 (12-ounce) can seltzer water, chilled | INSTRUCTIONS: In a pitcher combine limes, mint leaves and sugar. Muddle with a wooden spoon to extract the juice from the limes and to break up the mint leaves. Stir in pineapple juice and seltzer. Pour into glasses filled with ice. <END>
INPUT: cupcakes, flaked coconut, sugar, butter, canola oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Coconut Orange Chardonnay Cupcakes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup flaked coconut; 1/3 cup sugar; 2 tablespoons butter, melted; 1 cup sugar; 2/3 cup canola oil; 2 large eggs; 1/2 cup orange juice; 3/4 cup Chardonnay; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; 2 teaspoons orange zest; 1/4 teaspoon lemon oil; 3 cups unbleached pastry flour*; 1 tablespoon baking powder; 1 teaspoon baking soda; 1 teaspoon sea salt | INSTRUCTIONS: For the topping: Combine the coconut and sugar with the butter. For the cupcakes: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Line standard cupcake pans with 24 cupcake liners. In a mixing bowl, combine the sugar, oil, eggs, orange juice, wine, vanilla, orange zest, and lemon oil and mix well. Sift the flour, baking powder, baking soda, and salt into a separate bowl. Stir the dry ingredients into the orange juice mixture just until moistened. Fold in the mandarin oranges and the coconut. Fill the cupcake liners 2/3 full. Sprinkle the topping over each cupcake and bake until golden brown, 17 to 20 minut <END>
INPUT: ellen, sullivan, food quality lavender, fennel seeds, peppercorns, thyme
OUTPUT: TITLE: Ellen Sullivan's Lavender Tenderloin | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons dried food-quality lavender buds; 2 tablespoons fennel seeds; 1 tablespoon whole black peppercorns; 1 tablespoon whole white peppercorns; 1 1/2 teaspoon dried thyme; One 4 1/2-pound whole beef tenderloin, trimmed and silverskin removed; 2 tablespoons olive oil | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. The day before serving, grind the lavender, fennel, peppercorns, thyme, and salt to a powder with a mortar and pestle or in a spice grinder. Rub the tenderloin with the spice mixture, wrap tightly in plastic wrap, and refrigerate for 8 to 24 hours. 2. Remove the tenderloin from the refrigerator and let sit at room temperature for 30 minutes. Place an oven rack in the center position and preheat the oven to 425°F. Place a rack inside a roasting pan. 3. Remove the plastic wrap, brush off the spices from the tenderloin, and rub with 1 tablespoon of the oil. Place the tenderloin on the rack and <END>
INPUT: Italian, strawberry, mimosa, basil leaves, Juice from lemons, agave honey, strawberries, Prosecco
OUTPUT: TITLE: Strawberry, Lemon and Basil Mimosa | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 cup packed fresh basil leaves; Juice from 2 large lemons (about 1/2 cup fresh lemon juice); 1/2 cup agave or honey; 8 medium fresh or frozen strawberries, thawed and sliced; One 750ml bottle Prosecco, chilled; 1/2 cup soda water or sparkling water, chilled | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine the basil, lemon juice and agave in a pitcher. Using a wooden spoon, lightly crush the basil. Stir in the strawberries, Prosecco and soda water. Pour into chilled champagne glasses and serve. <END>
INPUT: frittata, virgin olive oil, chanterelles, Coarse salt pepper, egg whites, eggs
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sage Egg White Frittata | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 teaspoon extra-virgin olive oil or vegetable cooking spray; 1 cup chanterelles, cleaned; Coarse salt and freshly ground pepper; 9 large egg whites; 3 large eggs; 1/2 teaspoon finely chopped fresh sage, plus 1 tablespoon small whole fresh sage leaves; 2 cups mixed greens, trimmed, washed, and dried; Red-wine vinegar and extra-virgin olive oil, for serving | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat oven to 375 degrees F. Heat a nonstick ovenproof 10-inch skillet sprayed with olive oil or vegetable oil cooking spray over medium heat. Add mushrooms, season with salt and pepper, and cook over medium heat until wilted, about 5 minutes. In a large bowl, whisk egg whites until they form soft peaks. In another large bowl, whisk whole eggs until foamy and lemon-colored. Fold the egg whites into the eggs. Sprinkle mushrooms with chopped sage. Add egg mixture to mushrooms. Distribute whole sage leaves evenly over eggs. Cook until edges are set, about 5 minutes. Transfer to oven and cook until <END>
INPUT: Italian, caprese, bites, endives, zebra tomato, mozzarella, basil leaves, balsamic vinaigrette salad
OUTPUT: TITLE: Caprese Mozzarella Salad Bites | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 2 endives; 1 large green zebra or yellow tomato, chopped; 1 cup grated mozzarella; 1/4 cup chopped fresh basil leaves; 1/4 cup balsamic vinaigrette salad dressing; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1/4 cup grated Parmesan | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Separate the leaves of the endive and set aside the larger leaves. In a bowl, gently mix together the tomatoes, mozzarella, basil, and dressing, and season salt and pepper, to taste. Fill the leaves with the mixture and sprinkle with a little Parmesan. Arrange the bites on a serving platter and serve. <END>
INPUT: American, topped, compote, all purpose flour, canola oil, Granny Smith apples, raisins
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pork Medallions Topped with Goat Cheese and Apple Raisin Cinnamon Compote | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 12 (4-ounce) pork loin medallions; 1 cup all-purpose flour seasoned with salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1/4 cup canola oil; 8 Granny Smith apples, peeled, cored and sliced; 1/4 cup raisins; 1 cup veal stock; 2 teaspoons ground cinnamon; 1/4 cup butter; 1 (5-ounce) log goat cheese, crumbled | INSTRUCTIONS: Coat the pork medallions with flour mixture, shaking off excess. Heat canola oil over medium-high heat in a large skillet and sear the pork on both sides until crust turns golden brown, about 5 to 8 minutes. Remove to a warm place and let rest. Pour off most of the oil from skillet, leaving only a coating. Add the apples and raisins and saute for 3 to 4 minutes. Add the veal stock and cinnamon. Swirl butter into the apple mixture to make a sweet and savory apple compote. Spoon some apple compote into the center of each of 6 plates. Place 2 pork medallions on top of apples, and spoon a little m <END>
INPUT: American, cheese, Butter, Granny Smith apples, sharp Cheddar, dark sugar, unsalted butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Apple and Cheese Pie | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: Butter, for greasing the pie dish; 5 medium Granny Smith apples, peeled, cored and quartered (about 2 1/2 pounds); 1 cup coarsely grated sharp white Cheddar (4 ounces); 2/3 cup dark brown sugar; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, cut into 1/2-inch pieces, at room temperature; 1 tablespoon all-purpose flour; 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground nutmeg; 1/4 teaspoon kosher salt; Two 9-inch-diameter, unroll-and-bake refrigerated pie crusts; 1 egg white, beaten until frothy | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Position an oven rack on the bottom third of the oven and preheat to 400 degrees F. Butter the sides and bottom of a 9-inch-diameter glass or ceramic pie dish. Cut the apple quarters into 3 wedges. Mix the apples, cheese, sugar, butter, flour, cinnamon, nutmeg and salt in a medium bowl. Unroll one crust and place in the buttered pie dish. Brush the inside of the crust with some of the egg white to coat. Pour the apple filling into the crust. Unroll the second crust and place on top of the filling. Pinch the edge of the top crust and the edge of the bottom crust t <END>
INPUT: Salt pepper, Olive oil, Potato Parsnip Brandade, Piquillo Pepper Saffron
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sauteed Chilean Sea Bass with Potato-Parsnip Brandade with Piquillo Pepper Saffron Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 (7 ounce) Chilean sea bass fillets; Salt and freshly ground pepper; Olive oil, for sauteing; Potato-Parsnip Brandade, recipe follows; Piquillo Pepper Saffron Sauce, recipe follows; 4 cloves garlic, coarsely chopped; 1/2 cup olive oil, divided; 8 ounces dried salt cod, rehydrated and flaked; 3 large potatoes, peeled, cubed and boiled in salted water until soft; 3 parsnips, peeled, cubed and boiled in salted water until soft; 1/2 cup warm milk; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 shallots, finely chopped; 1 cup white wine | INSTRUCTIONS: Brush oil on both sides of fish and season with salt and pepper. Heat saute pan over medium high heat. Place the fish skin-side down and saute until golden brown, about 2 to 3 minutes. Turn over and continue cooking for 2 to 3 minutes. Place a large spoonful of brandade onto a warmed dinner plate. Balance one Sauteed sea bass fillet on one side of the brandade. Drizzle the whole plate with the Piquillo Pepper Saffron Sauce. Place garlic and 1/4 cup oil in a small saucepan and slowly heat over medium heat until the garlic turns a light golden brown. Place the garlic and a few tablespoons of the <END>
INPUT: sauce, pears, sugar, heavy cream, vanilla, unsalted butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pears with Pear Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 firm-ripe small pears; 3 tablespoons sugar; 2 tablespoons heavy cream; 1/8 teaspoon vanilla; 1 tablespoon unsalted butter; a 2 1/2- by 1-inch strip of lemon zest | INSTRUCTIONS: Peel, core, and chop coarse 1 of the pears. In a small dry non-stick skillet sauté the pear over moderately high heat, stirring occasionally, for 5 to 6 minutes, or until it is tender and golden, and transfer it to a small food processor. In the skillet, cleaned and dried, melt the sugar over moderately low heat, stirring with a fork, and cook the syrup, swirling the skillet gently, until it is a light caramel. Remove the skillet from the heat, pour the heavy cream carefully down the side of the skillet, and whisk the mixture until the caramel is dissolved and the mixture is smooth. Add the ca <END>
INPUT: cookies, egg whites, unsalted butter, sugar, all purpose flour, pure vanilla extract
OUTPUT: TITLE: Toasted-Almond Cookies | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 large egg whites, at room temperature 30 minutes; 1/2 stick unsalted butter, softened; 1/2 cup sugar; 6 tablespoons all-purpose flour; 1/4 teaspoon pure vanilla extract; 1/8 teaspoon salt; 3 ounces sliced almonds (1 cup), toasted and cooled; Equipment: a 17- by 11-inch nonstick bakeware liner such as Silpat | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350°F with rack in middle. Blend together egg whites, butter, sugar, flour, vanilla, and salt in a food processor just until smooth. Put liner on a baking sheet. Using 2 teaspoons batter per cookie, make 6 mounds, spacing them 3 inches apart, then spread into 4 1/2- to 5-inch rounds with back of a spoon (they will be very thin but try to spread batter as evenly as possible). Sprinkle each round with about 1/2 tablespoon almonds. Bake cookies until golden-brown, 7 to 9 minutes. Let stand on baking sheet 1 minute, then, working quickly, remove each cookie with a metal spatula and <END>
INPUT: tartlets, powdered sugar, hazelnuts, orange peel, vanilla extract
OUTPUT: TITLE: Caramelized-Banana Tartlets with Bittersweet Chocolate Port Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup (1 stick) unsalted butter, room temperature; 1/2 cup powdered sugar; 1/2 cup hazelnuts, lightly toasted, ground; 1 teaspoon finely grated orange peel; 1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1 cup all purpose flour; 4 tablespoons (1/2 stick) unsalted butter, divided; 6 medium-size slightly under-ripe bananas, peeled, each cut on diagonal into 1/2-inch-thick slices, divided; 1/2 cup sugar, divided; 6 tablespoons warm water, divided; 1 pint premium vanilla ice cream; Bittersweet Chocolate-Port Sauce | INSTRUCTIONS: For crust: Using electric mixer, beat first 6 ingredients in medium bowl to blend. Add flour; beat until moist clumps form. Gather dough into ball; flatten into disk. Wrap in plastic; chill 30 minutes. Preheat oven to 350°F. Divide dough into 6 equal pieces. Press 1 piece evenly onto bottom and up sides of each of six 4 1/2-inch-diameter tartlet pans with removable bottoms. Bake crusts until deep golden brown and cooked through, about 25 minutes. Cool crusts completely in pans on rack. (Can be prepared 1 day ahead. Cover and store at room temperature.) Using electric mixer, beat first 6 ingred <END>
INPUT: Mexican, salsa, tomatoes juice, roast poblano chiles, cilantro leaves, onion, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Chile Salsa | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 6 28-ounce can whole tomatoes with juice; 18 roast poblano chiles; 1 1/2 cups fresh cilantro leaves (or more to taste!); 3/4 cup chopped onion; 3 clove garlic, minced; 3 whole jalapeno, quartered and sliced thin, with seeds and membrane; 3/4 teaspoon ground cumin; 3/4 teaspoon salt; 3/4 teaspoon sugar; 1 1/2 whole limes, juiced | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Roast the poblano chiles one-by-one over the flame of your stovetop, using metal tongs to hold them, until the skin is totally charred. (If you don't have a gas stove, you can use an outdoor grill OR place them on a baking sheet directly under your oven's broiler.) When the skin is totally blackened, place the chiles in a large resealable plastic bag and seal the bag to allow the chiles to sweat for a good 20 minutes. Remove the chiles and use a knife to scrape off most of the blackened skin. Slice the chiles in half lengthwise, and scrape out the seeds and membr <END>
INPUT: segments, cream, navel oranges, inexpensive balsamic vinegar, creme fraiche, sugar, strawberries
OUTPUT: TITLE: Orange Segments with Berries and Balsamic Cream | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 navel oranges; 3/4 cup inexpensive balsamic vinegar; 1/3 cup creme fraiche; 1 teaspoon sugar; 12 ounces fresh strawberries, quartered | INSTRUCTIONS: Cut the peel and white pith from the oranges. Cut between the membranes to release the segments. Whisk the vinegar, creme fraiche, and sugar in a heavy small saucepan over medium-high heat until it thickens and resembles a sauce, about 8 minutes. Arrange the orange segments and strawberries decoratively on plates. Drizzle the warm balsamic sauce over the fruit and serve. Alternately, the balsamic sauce can be served at room temperature and spooned atop the fruit. This is great served with frozen yogurt or ice cream. <END>
INPUT: salad, onions, lime juice, wine vinegar, sugar, onion, mahi mahi fillet
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mahi Mahi with Watercress and Arugula Salad with Melon and Pickled Onions | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2/3 cup lime juice; 2/3 cup red wine vinegar; 2 tablespoons sugar; 1 small red onion, thinly sliced into rings; 12 ounces mahi mahi fillet, or any firm white fish with 1-inch thick fillets; Coarse grained salt and cracked black pepper; 1 teaspoon extra-virgin olive oil, plus 1 teaspoon; 1 bunch watercress, cleaned and torn into bite-size pieces; 1 bunch arugula, cleaned and torn into bite size pieces; 4 cups melon, cut into 1-inch chunks | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 450 degrees F. In a small bowl whisk together lime, vinegar and sugar. Pour 1/2 of the dressing in a small container and set aside. Place onions in a shallow dish, add remaining dressing, and let stand 30 minutes or overnight. Season fish with salt and pepper and drizzle with 1 teaspoon of the olive oil. Place the fish, skin side down, in a non-stick pan with an oven proof handle. Bake until fish is cooked through, about 12 to 15 minutes. Cut fish into 4 pieces and place 1 piece on each serving dish. Place watercress, arugula and melon in a large salad bowl. Toss with the remai <END>
INPUT: stew, bacon, shallots, virgin olive oil, garlic, petite tomatoes juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: White Bean and Halibut Stew | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 thick-cut bacon slices, chopped; 1 cup sliced shallots; 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 6 garlic cloves, chopped; 1 14 1/2-ounce can petite diced tomatoes in juice; 1 8-ounce bottle clam juice; 1/3 cup dry white wine; 1/2 teaspoon (scant) saffron threads; 2 15-ounce cans small white beans, drained; 1 1/2 pounds halibut fillets, cut into 1 1/2-inch chunks | INSTRUCTIONS: Sauté bacon and shallots in large pot over medium-high heat until bacon is crisp, about 7 minutes. Add olive oil and garlic; stir 1 minute. Add tomatoes with juice, clam juice, wine, and saffron; bring to boil. Reduce heat; simmer 5 minutes. Add beans and fish; bring to simmer. Cover; simmer until fish is just opaque in center, about 5 minutes. Season stew to taste with salt and pepper. Sauté bacon and shallots in large pot over medium-high heat until bacon is crisp, about 7 minutes. Add olive oil and garlic; stir 1 minute. Add tomatoes with juice, clam juice, wine, and saffron; bring to boil. <END>
INPUT: peperonata, swordfish steaks, virgin olive oil, bell peppers
OUTPUT: TITLE: Swordfish Peperonata | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 swordfish steaks (7 ounces each); 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 4 medium bell peppers, 2 red or orange and 2 yellow | INSTRUCTIONS: Coat each fish with 1/2 tablespoon of the oil and freshly ground black pepper. Set aside while you prepare the peperonata. Cut the peppers into long, thin strips, no more than 1/4" wide, making sure to remove all of the seeds. In a large nonstick skillet over medium-high heat, heat the remaining 2 tablespoons oil. Add the pepper strips, 1/2 teaspoon whole black peppercorns, and 1/2 teaspoon coarse salt. Reduce the heat to low and cook, stirring occasionally, until the peppers are soft and lightly browned, about 20 minutes. Remove the peppers from the heat and set aside. Heat an iron-ribbed gri <END>
INPUT: unsalted butter additional, all purpose flour, milk, Swiss cheese
OUTPUT: TITLE: Winter Squash Soufflé | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons unsalted butter plus additional for greasing; 3 tablespoons all-purpose flour; 1 1/2 cups whole milk; 1 (12-ounce) package frozen winter squash purée, thawed; 1 cup coarsely grated Swiss cheese (1/4 pound); 1 tablespoon packed brown sugar; 3/4 teaspoon salt, or to taste; 1/4 teaspoon cayenne; 3/4 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg; 3 large egg yolks; 4 large egg whites | INSTRUCTIONS: Generously butter a 2-quart shallow ceramic or glass baking dish. Put oven rack in middle position and preheat oven to 425°F. Melt butter (3 tablespoons) in a 2-quart heavy saucepan over moderate heat until foam subsides, then add flour and cook roux, whisking, 2 minutes. Add milk in a slow stream and boil, whisking, then reduce heat and simmer, whisking occasionally, until thickened, about 3 minutes. Whisk in squash, cheese, brown sugar, salt, cayenne, and nutmeg until combined (mixture may not be completely smooth), then transfer to a large bowl and whisk in yolks. Beat whites with a pinch o <END>
INPUT: Italian, rice, canola oil, onion, bell pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Basil Chicken | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 3 cups white rice; 1 (4-pound) whole chicken, cut into parts; 2 tablespoons canola oil; 1 medium onion, sliced; 1 green bell pepper, sliced; 1 small serrano chile pepper, sliced in half; 1 tablespoon chopped garlic; 2 teaspoons brown sugar; 2 teaspoons low-sodium soy sauce; 2 teaspoons fish sauce; 1 cup fresh basil leaves; 1 lime, zested and juiced, (zest reserved for Rice Pudding with Coconut Milk recipe) | INSTRUCTIONS: Put the rice into a medium pot and pour in 6 cups cold water. Put the pot over medium-high heat, cover, and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat to a simmer and cook until the water is absorbed, 20 to 30 minutes. (Reserve 2 cups cooked rice for Rice Pudding with Coconut Milk recipe.) Remove the chicken breasts from the bone and slice into thin strips. (Reserve the bones and the legs, thighs, and wings for Round 2 Recipe Coconut Chicken Soup.) In a large wok or skillet over high heat, add the oil. When the oil is hot, add the chicken and stir-fry until it is almost completely cooked through, 3 to 4 <END>
INPUT: American, refrigerated, granulated sugar, dark sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sweet Potato Rum Pie | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 refrigerated, rolled store-bought pie crust; 2 cups peeled, cooked and pureed sweet potatoes, cooled; 1/2 cup plus 3 tablespoons granulated sugar; 1/2 cup dark brown sugar; 1/2 stick (4 tablespoons) butter, melted; 1/4 cup dark rum, such as Appleton Estate; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; 1/4 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1/4 teaspoon minced fresh ginger; Pinch salt; 2 large eggs; 1 cup coconut milk; 1 cup heavy whipping cream, chilled; 1/4 teaspoon orange zest | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Special equipment: a 9-inch, deep pie dish Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Gently roll out the pie dough and line a 9-inch, deep pie dish with it. Trim the excess dough from the edges, and set aside. Using an electric hand mixer, combine the sweet potatoes, 1/2 cup of the granulated sugar, the brown sugar, butter, 3 tablespoons of the rum, the vanilla, cinnamon, ginger, salt and eggs. Mix thoroughly. Add the coconut milk and continue to mix. Pour the filling into the pie crust and bake until a knife inserted in the center comes out clean, 35 to 45 minutes. Pla <END>
INPUT: American, salad, olive oil, Japanese eggplant, pine nuts, goat cheese, basil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Eggplant and Goat Cheese Salad | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons olive oil; 7 Japanese eggplant, ends trimmed, cut into 1-inch wide slices; 1/2 cup toasted pine nuts; 3 ounces goat cheese, crumbled; 1/3 cup basil, thinly sliced; 2 tablespoons chopped mint; 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 3 tablespoons balsamic vinegar; 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt; 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Place a grill pan over medium-high heat or preheat a gas or charcoal grill. Drizzle the olive oil over the slices of eggplant and toss to coat. Grill the eggplants until tender and grill marks appear, about 3 to 4 minutes per side. Place the eggplants side-by-side on a serving platter. Sprinkle with the pine nuts, goat cheese, basil, and mint. Drizzle with extra-virgin olive oil, balsamic vinegar, salt, and pepper. Cook's note: Plating the eggplant salad this way allowed the cheese to stay bright white. The salt and pepper showed up on it. The herbs remained gree <END>
INPUT: Indian, pizza, water, yeast, sugar, flour, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Indian Pizza | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup warm water; 1 teaspoon yeast; 1 teaspoon sugar; 2 cups flour, plus 2 tablespoons for kneading; 1 teaspoon salt; 1 teaspoon ajwain; Olive oil; 3 tablespoons olive oil; 1 onion, roughly chopped; 2 cloves garlic, chopped; 2 tablespoons chopped ginger; 1 tablespoon garam masala; 1 teaspoon turmeric; 1/2 teaspoon smoked paprika; A pinch of salt and pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: For the dough: Pour the warm water into a large bowl, add the yeast and sugar and stir to dissolve. Let sit until the yeast appears foamy, about 15 minutes. Add 2 cups flour, the salt and ajwain and stir with a fork until it comes together in a shaggy ball. Knead it a few times in the bowl to incorporate the flour on the sides of the bowl, and then turn it out onto a work surface. Continue to knead the dough for a few minutes, adding the 2 tablespoons flour if it seems wet and sticky. Do not add a lot of extra flour here as the dough should be very soft and pliable. Pour a little olive oil int <END>
INPUT: herbed, bacon, onions, half half
OUTPUT: TITLE: Garlic and Herbed Early Peas and French Beans | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 (16-ounce) bag frozen french cut beans; 1 (16-ounce) bag frozen early harvest peas; 4 strips bacon, chopped; 1 cup red onions, slivered; 1 1/4 cups half-and-half; 1/4 cup cognac; 1 (1.6-ounce) packet garlic herb sauce mix (recommended: Knorr); Salt and pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine frozen green beans and peas in a microwave-safe bowl. Add 1 tablespoon water, cover and heat on high or 8 to 10 minutes, stirring once. In a large saucepan, brown chopped bacon. Remove all but 1 tablespoon of bacon fat from the pan and add onion slivers, saute until softened. Add half-and-half and cognac to pan and whisk in garlic herb sauce mix. Bring to a boil, stirring constantly. Reduce heat and simmer until thickened. Drain green beans and peas. Add to pan with the sauce and stir. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. <END>
INPUT: olive oil, harissa paste, spring onions, new potatoes potatoes, Kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Baked Snapper with Harissa, New Potatoes, and Spring Onions | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 tablespoons olive oil; 2 tablespoons harissa paste; 6 spring onions, halved lengthwise, or 8 scallions (left whole); 1 pound new potatoes or small potatoes, scrubbed, thinly sliced; Kosher salt, freshly ground pepper; 1 1/2 pound skin-on snapper fillets (3–4); Lemon wedges (for serving) | INSTRUCTIONS: Place an oven rack in upper third of oven; preheat to 425°F. Combine oil and harissa in a small bowl; adjust flavor with more harissa if needed (spiciness and flavor vary from brand to brand). Toss onions and potatoes with half of harissa mixture in a large baking dish; season with salt and pepper, then add 1/4 cup water. Roast, tossing once, until potatoes are fork-tender, 20–25 minutes. Meanwhile, score skin side of fillets about 1/4" deep; season with salt and pepper. Rub remaining harissa mixture all over fish, getting into the score marks. Remove onions and potatoes from oven and heat bro <END>
INPUT: Mexican, chilaquiles, guajillo New Mexico, tomatoes, onion, garlic, jalapeño
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chilaquiles with Fried Eggs | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 7 dried guajillo or New Mexico chiles; 1 28-ounce can whole tomatoes, drained; 1 medium white onion, chopped (1 1/2 cups); 5 garlic cloves, chopped; 1 jalapeño, with seeds, chopped; 1/8 teaspoon smoked or Hungarian sweet paprika; 2 tablespoons vegetable oil; 2 teaspoons honey; Kosher salt, freshly ground pepper; Vegetable oil (for frying); 9 6" corn tortillas, quartered, or 36 large tortilla chips; Kosher salt; 1 cup (4 ounces) crumbled queso fresco or mild feta; 1 cup (4 ounces) shredded Monterey Jack; 4 large eggs | INSTRUCTIONS: For red chile sauce: Place chiles in a medium bowl; cover with 2 cups boiling water. Let chiles soak until softened, about 15 minutes. Drain, reserving soaking liquid. Discard stems and seeds; place chiles in a blender. Add tomatoes, next 4 ingredients, and 1 cup reserved soaking liquid; purée until smooth. Heat oil in a medium saucepan over medium-high heat. Add purée (it will splatter) and bring to a boil. Reduce heat to medium and simmer, partially covered and stirring occasionally, until slightly thickened, about 15 minutes (add more reserved soaking liquid if too thick). Stir in honey and <END>
INPUT: vegetable oil, all purpose flour, Bread Butter Pickles, Kosher salt, Buttermilk Chive Dressing
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fried Bread and Butter Pickles with Buttermilk Chive Dressing | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 gallon vegetable oil, for frying; 1 pound all-purpose flour; Bread and Butter Pickles, recipe follows; Kosher salt; Buttermilk Chive Dressing, recipe follows; 3 pounds pickling cucumbers; 2 tablespoons pickling salt; Ice; 2 teaspoons whole yellow mustard seed; 2 teaspoons crushed red pepper flakes; 4 cups apple cider vinegar; 1 cup granulated sugar; 1 teaspoon turmeric; 1 cup sour cream; 4 ounces buttermilk | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Place the vegetable oil in an 8-quart stainless steel soup pot and place on medium heat until the oil reaches 350 degrees F. Place the flour in a medium mixing bowl and, with a slotted spoon, add the Bread and Butter Pickles to the flour. Coat the pickles with the flour, making sure they are individually coated, as the pickles tend to stick together. This is easy to achieve if done in 2 or 3 small batches. Add the pickles to the hot oil and fry, turning once, until golden brown and crispy on both sides. Drain into a paper-towel-lined mixing bowl to absorb any exc <END>
INPUT: Asian, sandwich, cookies, wheat pastry flour, baking powder, baking soda, kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sesame-and-Jam Sandwich Cookies | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/4 cups whole-wheat pastry flour (see Cook's Note); 1/2 teaspoon baking powder; 1/2 teaspoon baking soda; 1/4 teaspoon kosher salt; 1 stick (8 tablespoons) unsalted butter, at room temperature; 3/4 cup packed light brown sugar; 1 large egg; 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract; 1/2 cup tahini; 1/2 cup white sesame seeds; 1/3 cup your favorite jam or preserves | INSTRUCTIONS: Position oven racks in the top and bottom thirds of the oven, and preheat to 350 degrees F. Line 2 rimmed baking sheets with parchment paper. Whisk together the flour, baking powder, baking soda and salt in a small bowl. Beat the butter and sugar in the bowl of a stand mixer on medium-high speed until fluffy, about 2 minutes. Reduce the speed to medium, beat in the egg and vanilla until well combined, then beat in the tahini until smooth. Reduce the speed to low, then beat in the flour mixture until the dough comes together (it will be quite soft). Cover and refrigerate for 30 minutes (the dou <END>
INPUT: bread, sticks, cornmeal, unbleached all purpose, firmly dark sugar, baking powder, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cayenne Corn Bread Sticks | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup yellow cornmeal; 1 cup unbleached all purpose flour; 1/4 cup firmly packed dark brown sugar; 2 1/2 teaspoons baking powder; 3/4 teaspoon salt; 1/2 teaspoon baking soda; 1/2 teaspoon cayenne pepper; 1 1/4 cup (or more) buttermilk, room temperature; 1/4 cup (1/2 stick) unsalted butter, melted, cooled; 1 egg; 1 cup (about 4 ounces) lightly packed grated cheddar cheese | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 425°F. Brush cast-iron corn stick molds with vegetable oil and place in oven. Mix yellow cornmeal, unbleached flour, dark brown sugar, baking powder, salt, baking soda and cayenne pepper in large bowl. Whisk 1 1/4 cups buttermilk, butter and egg in small bowl. Mix into dry ingredients. Stir in grated cheddar cheese. Add more buttermilk if necessary to thin to just pourable consistency. Fill corn stick molds with batter. Bake corn sticks until tester inserted into centers comes out clean, about 20 minutes. Cool in pans 10 minutes. Using tip of small sharp knife, gently lift corn <END>
INPUT: French, salad, skin potatoes, Salt pepper, honey, Dijon mustard, cider wine vinegar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Honey Dijon Potato Salad | CUISINE: French | INGREDIENTS: 2 to 2 1/2-pounds small red skin potatoes, quartered; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1/4 cup honey; 1/4 cup Dijon mustard; 2 tablespoons cider or white wine vinegar; 1/3 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 6 radishes, sliced; 2 tablespoons capers, drained and chopped; 1/2 medium red onion, chopped; 3 to 4 ribs celery from the heart of the stalk, chopped; 1 cup watercress tops or flat leaf parsley leaves coarsely chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: Cover potatoes with cold water, bring to a boil and salt the water. Boil potatoes until just tender, 12 to 15 minutes. Drain. Meanwhile, combine the honey, Dijon, and vinegar in a bowl then slowly whisk in the olive oil. Season with salt and pepper. To the bowl add radishes, capers, onions, celery, watercress or parsley and hot potatoes. Using a wooden spoon break up the potatoes into large chunks. Toss the potato salad, adjust salt and pepper then serve. <END>
INPUT: wrapped, sauce, leeks, garlic, beets, water, lemon juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Leek-Wrapped Pompano with Roasted Beet Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 medium leeks; 5 garlic cloves, unpeeled; 3 medium beets, scrubbed and trimmed, leaving about 1 inch of stems attached; 1/4 cup water; 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, or to taste; 2 teaspoons balsamic vinegar, or to taste; six 6- to 7-ounce pompano or sole fillets, skinned; 3 teaspoons freshly grated lemon zest, or to taste; 1 tablespoon olive oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Cut off root ends of leeks and trim tops so that leeks are 8 to 10 inches long. Discard tough outer leaves. Separate leaves and soak in a large dish filled with water, rubbing to remove any sand. Fill a large bowl with ice and cold water. Drain leeks and in a kettle of boiling salted water blanch in batches, stirring, 1 to 2 minutes, or until tender, transferring leeks as cooked with tongs to ice water. Drain cooled leeks on paper towels, arranging them in one layer and stacking more paper towels and leeks as needed. Leeks may be made 1 day ahead, rolled in damp paper towels, and chilled in a  <END>
INPUT: Italian, pizza, puff pastry, butter, mushrooms, garlic, wine
OUTPUT: TITLE: Puff Pastry Pizza | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 2 sheets frozen puff pastry (from a 17.3-ounce package, such as Pepperidge farm), thawed; 1 tablespoon butter; 8 ounces mushrooms, sliced; 2 cloves garlic, minced; 1/4 cup white wine; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; Olive oil, for brushing; 1 cup shredded fresh mozzarella; 8 yellow and/or red grape tomatoes, halved; 2 tablespoons black olives; 8 slices pepperoni; 2 tablespoons sliced drained pepperoncini; 1/4 cup crumbled goat cheese (chevre); 6 leaves fresh basil, cut into chiffonade; 1 teaspoon fresh oregano | INSTRUCTIONS: For the crust: Slice the 2 pastry sheets in half down the middle. Place the halves on 2 baking sheets lined with parchment or baking mats. Preheat the oven to 415 degrees F, then start on the pizza toppings. For the toppings: In a large skillet over medium-high heat, melt the butter and saute the mushrooms and garlic for 2 minutes. Pour in the wine and season with salt and pepper. Continue cooking until the mushrooms are cooked down and the liquid is mostly gone, 5 to 7 minutes. Remove from the heat and set aside. To build the pizzas: brush a thin layer of olive oil in the center of each puff  <END>
INPUT: salad, sandwiches, garlic, grape cherry tomatoes, flat leaf parsley, virgin olive oil, wine vinegar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Portabella and Bulgur Salad "Sandwiches" | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 large garlic clove; 1 pint grape or cherry tomatoes; 1/2 cup flat-leaf parsley leaves; 1/3 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 1/4 cup red-wine vinegar; 1 tablespoon finely chopped rosemary; 1/4 teaspoon hot red-pepper flakes; 8 large portabella mushrooms, stems reserved for another use (see cooks' note, below); 1 small red onion, cut lengthwise into 1/2-inch-thick wedges (keeping root end intact); 2 medium yellow bell peppers, quartered lengthwise; 1 medium zucchini, halved lengthwise; 1 1/2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1 1/2 cups boiling-hot water; 1 cup medium bulgur; 1/4 cup pine nuts, toasted | INSTRUCTIONS: Make vinaigrette: With motor running, drop garlic into food processor and finely chop. Add tomatoes, parsley, oil, vinegar, rosemary, red-pepper flakes, 1/2 teaspoon salt, and 1/4 teaspoon pepper and pulse until tomatoes are finely chopped but not puréed. With motor running, drop garlic into food processor and finely chop. Add tomatoes, parsley, oil, vinegar, rosemary, red-pepper flakes, 1/2 teaspoon salt, and 1/4 teaspoon pepper and pulse until tomatoes are finely chopped but not puréed. Make salad: Peel skin from portabellas using tip of a paring knife, pulling from edge of mushroom toward c <END>
INPUT: American, neapolitan, graham crackers, butter, nonfat strawberry yogurt, Heath bar, mint ice cream
OUTPUT: TITLE: Neapolitan Ice Cream Pie | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 9 graham crackers; 2 tablespoons melted butter; 1 1/2 cups nonfat strawberry frozen yogurt, softened; 1/2 Heath bar, broken into small pieces; 1 1/2 cups mint ice cream, softened; 1 1/2 cups crushed Oreo cookies; 1 1/2 cups nonfat chocolate frozen yogurt, softened; 4 fresh strawberries, halved | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine crackers and butter in a food processor. Press mixture into a 9-inch, deep-dish pie pan to form crust. Chill in freezer for 20 minutes. Remove; spread strawberry frozen yogurt over crust. Sprinkle Heath bar on top. Freeze until firm. Remove. Spread a layer of mint ice cream over frozen yogurt; sprinkle 1 cup Oreos on top. Freeze until firm. Spread a layer of chocolate frozen yogurt on ice cream; freeze until firm. Sprinkle remaining 1/2 cup Oreos on top. Garnish each slice with strawberries. Combine crackers and butter in a food processor. Press mixture into a 9-inch, deep-dish pie pan <END>
INPUT: Asian, crisp, vegetable oil, pastrami, cornstarch, Chinese chives scallions, ginger
OUTPUT: TITLE: Shiitake and Black Bean Ho Fun with Crisp Pastrami | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup vegetable oil; 2 ounces sliced pastrami, finely chopped; 1 tablespoon plus 1/2 teaspoon cornstarch; 1 small bunch Chinese chives or 4 scallions, thinly sliced; 1 tablespoon grated fresh peeled ginger; 2 cloves garlic, chopped; 1 red Fresno chile, seeded and finely chopped; 1 red Thai bird chile, seeded and finely chopped; 1 tablespoon fermented (salted) black beans; 2 tablespoons Shaoshing rice wine; 6 to 8 fresh shiitake mushrooms, stemmed and sliced; 3/4 cup vegetable broth; 1 tablespoon dark soy sauce; 1 tablespoon light soy sauce; 1 pound fresh flat wide rice noodles | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat 2 tablespoons of the oil in a wok over medium-high heat. Toss the pastrami with 1/2 teaspoon of the cornstarch and add into the wok with the chives. Stir-fry until the pastrami is crisp, and then transfer to a paper-towel-lined plate with a slotted spoon to drain. Add the remaining 2 tablespoons oil to the wok and stir-fry the ginger, garlic, Fresno chiles and bird chiles until softened, about 2 minutes. Put the black beans in a small bowl, pour 1 tablespoon of the Shaoshing over. Mash the beans with a fork and then add into the wok along with the remaining Shaoshing and toss well. Add th <END>
INPUT: Italian, breasts, pesto, unsalted pistachios, lemon juice, garlic, cardamom
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken Breasts with Pistachio-Cilantro Pesto | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup unsalted raw pistachios; 2 cups (packed) fresh cilantro leaves; 4 teaspoons fresh lemon juice, divided; 1 garlic clove, chopped; 1 teaspoon ground cardamom; 3/4 teaspoon salt; 3/4 cup plus 5 tablespoons olive oil, divided; 4 large chicken breast halves with skin and ribs attached | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 400°F. Toast pistachios on baking sheet until golden, about 7 minutes. Transfer to processor. Maintain oven temperature. Add cilantro leaves, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, and next 3 ingredients to processor. Using on/off turns, process until coarse paste forms. With machine running, gradually add 1/2 cup olive oil. Season pesto with pepper. Using fingers, gently loosen skin from 1 side of each chicken breast, forming pocket. Spread 1 tablespoon pesto evenly under skin of each. Sprinkle chicken generously with salt and pepper. Heat 1 tablespoon olive oil in heavy large ovenproof sk <END>
INPUT: dressing, coconut oil, onion, celery, carrots, homemade Cornbread Croutons
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cornbread Dressing | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 tablespoons coconut oil; 1 large yellow onion, small diced; 1 cup small-diced celery; 1 cup small-diced carrots; 4 cups homemade Cornbread Croutons, recipe follows, or store-bought; 4 cups store-bought seasoned croutons; 1 tablespoon fresh thyme, chopped; 2 teaspoons fresh rosemary, chopped; 1 teaspoon fresh sage, chopped; 1 teaspoon cayenne pepper, optional; 1 quart chicken stock; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 large eggs, beaten; 5 tablespoons coconut oil plus more for greasing the baking sheet, melted; 1 cup yellow cornmeal | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: a 6-inch cast-iron skillet Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Melt the coconut oil over medium heat in a large skillet. Saute the onion, celery and carrots until tender, 8 to 10 minutes. Remove from the heat and put into a large bowl. Add the cornbread croutons, seasoned croutons, thyme, rosemary, sage and cayenne if using. Add the chicken stock and stir to combine. Taste and add salt and pepper, then stir in the eggs. Mix to combine and pour into a 9-by-13-inch casserole dish. Bake until golden brown and fluffy but still moist, 45 to 55 minutes. Preheat the oven to 375 degr <END>
INPUT: paillards, relish, virgin olive oil, dill, shallot, grainy mustard
OUTPUT: TITLE: Dill Chicken Paillards with Tomato-Dill Relish | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 (6-ounces) skinless boneless chicken breast halves; 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 1/4 cup chopped dill; 3 tablespoons finely chopped shallot; 1 tablespoon grainy mustard; 1 tablespoon white-wine vinegar; 1 pintcherry tomatoes, quartered | INSTRUCTIONS: Prepare grill for direct-heat cooking over hot charcoal (medium-high heat for gas); see Grilling Procedure . Pound chicken 1/4 inch thick between 2 sheets of plastic wrap with flat side of a meat pounder or with a rolling pin. Whisk together oil, dill, shallot, mustard, and vinegar in a large bowl. Set aside 1/4 cup. Sprinkle chicken evenly with 1 teaspoon salt and 1/2 teaspoon pepper, then add to dill mixture, turning to coat. Toss tomatoes with reserved dill mixture and 1/4 teaspoon each of salt and pepper. Grill chicken, turning once, until just cooked through, 3 to 4 minutes total. Serve t <END>
INPUT: mini, charlottes, pt. heavy cream, tbsps. powdered sugar, tbsps. lemon juice, lemon peel, vanilla extract
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mini Lemon Blueberry Charlottes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 pt. heavy cream, chilled; 2 tbsps. powdered sugar; 2 tbsps. fresh lemon juice; 1 tbsp. grated lemon peel; 1/2 tsp. vanilla extract; 2 (3 oz.) pkgs. prepared ladyfingers (48 ct.); 1 (12 oz.) jar Smucker's® Orchard's Finest® Northwoods Blueberry Preserves; 1 pt. fresh blueberries; Mint sprigs for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: BEAT cream, sugar, lemon juice, lemon peel and vanilla in chilled medium bowl with electric mixer on medium speed until soft peaks form. CUT ladyfingers apart. Arrange 6 in each (1/2-cup) dessert cup, covering the bottom and extending above rim of cup. Spoon 1 tablespoon blueberry preserves, 2 tablespoons lemon cream and 1 tablespoon fresh blueberries into each. Repeat one time. Cover. Chill 1 hour. GARNISH each charlotte with mint sprigs. Recipe can be assembled, covered and chilled several hours before serving. <END>
INPUT: pudding, cakes, sugar, all purpose flour, salt, milk, eggs
OUTPUT: TITLE: Orange-Lemon Pudding Cakes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/4 cups sugar; 3 tablespoons all purpose flour; Large pinch of salt; 1 cup whole milk; 4 large eggs, separated; 1/2 cup fresh orange juice; 1/4 cup fresh lemon juice; 1/4 cup (1/2 stick) unsalted butter, melted, cooled; 1 1/2 tablespoons grated orange peel; 1 1/2 teaspoons grated lemon peel; 1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract; 3 quarter-size rounds crystallized ginger, thinly sliced; Fresh raspberries (optional); Fresh mint (optional) | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350°F. Arrange six 1 1/4-cup soufflé dishes or custard cups in large roasting pan, spacing apart. Stir 1 cup sugar, flour and salt in large bowl to blend. Whisk in milk, egg yolks, fruit juices, butter, orange peel, lemon peel and vanilla extract (batter will be thin). Using electric mixer, beat whites in medium bowl until very frothy. Gradually add remaining 1/4 cup sugar, beating until medium-firm peaks form. Fold 1/4 of whites into batter to lighten. Fold in remaining whites. Divide batter among soufflé dishes. Top with ginger slices. Pour enough hot water into roasting pan  <END>
INPUT: curried, soup, butternut squash, olive oil, salt, pepper, carrots
OUTPUT: TITLE: Coconut Curried Butternut Squash Soup | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 small butternut squash, halved and seeded (about 1 1/2 pounds); 2 teaspoons olive oil; 1 teaspoon salt, optional; Pinch ground black pepper; 1/2 cup diced carrots; 1/2 cup diced celery; 1/2 teaspoon curry powder; 3 cloves garlic, minced; 1/2 small onion, diced; 2 cups unsalted chicken broth; 6 fluid ounces coconut milk; 1 tablespoon fresh flat-leaf parsley leaves, chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F and place a rack in the middle of the oven. Place the butternut squash halves cut-side up on a baking sheet lined with foil. Rub 1 teaspoon of the oil on the squash. Sprinkle the squash with the salt if using and the black pepper. Roast the squash until fork tender, 50 to 55 minutes. Cool the squash for 10 minutes. Use a spoon to scoop out the flesh (about 2 cups) and set aside. Heat the remaining 1 teaspoon oil in a large saucepan set over medium heat. Add the carrots, celery, curry powder, garlic and onions. Cook, stirring occa <END>
INPUT: toddy, apricots, bourbon, sugar, lemon juice, apricot brandy
OUTPUT: TITLE: Apricot Toddy | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/3 cup finely chopped dried apricots; 1/2 cup bourbon; 2 tablespoons sugar; 1/4 cup fresh lemon juice; 1/2 cup apricot brandy | INSTRUCTIONS: In a small bowl, let the apricots soak in the bourbon for 2 hours. In a saucepan, combine the sugar, lemon juice, and 2 cups water, and bring to a boil, stirring until the sugar is dissolved. Add the apricot mixture and the brandy, heat the mixture over moderate heat, stirring, until it is hot, and divide it among 4 heated mugs. In a small bowl, let the apricots soak in the bourbon for 2 hours. In a saucepan, combine the sugar, lemon juice, and 2 cups water, and bring to a boil, stirring until the sugar is dissolved. Add the apricot mixture and the brandy, heat the mixture over moderate heat,  <END>
INPUT: cranberry, hot water, water, cranberries, apples
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cranberry Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 (3-ounce) package cherry or strawberry gelatin; 1 cup hot water; 1/2 cup cold water; 1/2 pound cranberries; 3 apples; 2 oranges or 1/2 cup crushed pineapple; 1/4 cup nuts, chopped; 3/4 cup sugar; 4 cups salad greens | INSTRUCTIONS: Dissolve gelatin in hot water, then add cold water. Cool mixture and set aside. Wash and grind cranberries. Pare and chop apples (and oranges, if using) into small chunks. Stir together the ground cranberries, chopped apples and oranges (or pineapple) nuts, and sugar. Add to slightly thickened gelatin mixture; then pour into a mold and chill until salad is firm and holds its shape. Unmold onto salad greens. <END>
INPUT: roasting chicken, Kosher salt, pepper, thyme, lemon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Perfect Roast Chicken | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 5- to 6-pound roasting chicken; Kosher salt; Freshly ground black pepper; 1 large bunch fresh thyme; 1 lemon, halved; 1 head garlic, cut in half crosswise; 2 tablespoons butter, melted; 1 Spanish onion, thickly sliced; 1 cup chicken stock; 2 tablespoons all-purpose flour | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Remove the chicken giblets. Rinse the chicken inside and out. Remove any excess fat and leftover pinfeathers and pat the outside dry. Place the chicken in a large roasting pan. Liberally salt and pepper the inside of the chicken. Stuff the cavity with the bunch of thyme, both halves of the lemon, and all the garlic. Brush the outside of the chicken with the butter and sprinkle again with salt and pepper. Tie the legs together with kitchen string and tuck the wing tips under the body of the chicken. Scatter the onion slices around the chicken. Roast the chicke <END>
INPUT: Italian, sized boiling potatoes, trenette, pesto
OUTPUT: TITLE: Trenette with Potatoes and Pesto | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 3 medium sized boiling potatoes, peeled and thinly sliced; 1 pound fresh trenette (or linguine fini); 1 recipe pesto (recipe above) | INSTRUCTIONS: In 1 quart of boiling salted water place potatoes and cook until one minute shy of being done, about 6 minutes. Add the fresh pasta, return water to a boil and cook for 15 seconds or until pasta and potatoes are cooked through. Drain pasta and potatoes at once. Transfer to a warm platter and toss with pesto. Serve very hot accompanied by a bowl of grated cheese. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, vegetable oil, Four salmon fillets, garlic, Asian basil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pan-Seared Salmon with Ginger-Lime Sauce and Peanuts | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup vegetable oil; Four 6- to 7-ounce skinless salmon fillets; 2 cloves garlic, sliced; 3 cups seeded, julienned hothouse cucumbers, soaked in cold water to crisp; drained; 1/3 cup chopped Asian basil; 2/3 cup Ginger-Lime sauce, recipe follows; 3 tablespoons chopped, roasted peanuts; 1 teaspoon finely chopped garlic; 3 Thai bird chiles or 1 serrano chile, chopped; 3 tablespoons sugar; 3 tablespoons minced ginger; 3 tablespoons fish sauce; 3 tablespoons lime juice; 3 tablespoons water | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat the vegetable oil in a large non-stick frying pan over moderate heat. Cook the salmon fillets (2 pieces at a time), until they're golden and just done, 3 to 4 minutes on each side depending on the thickness. About 2 minutes before the salmon is done, add the garlic slices to the oil to flavor the fish. (If the fillets are thick, cover and cook a few minutes longer.) Remove the salmon and garlic and drain on paper towels. Combine the cucumber with the basil in a small bowl. Place a small amount of the cucumber mixture on individual plates. Arrange the salmon fillet on top and garnish with  <END>
INPUT: olive oil, onions, Coarse salt, pepper, balsamic vinegar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Red Onions with Balsamic Vinegar | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon olive oil; 2 pounds red onions, cut crosswise into 1/2inch thick slices; Coarse salt; Freshly ground black pepper; 2 tablespoons balsamic vinegar; 1 teaspoon chopped fresh rosemary | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat a clean griddle and brush with 1/2 of the oil. Brush onion slices lightly with remaining oil on both sides, season with salt and pepper and place on griddle. Grill for 3 to 5 minutes on each side, or until softened and lightly charred. Transfer onions to a bowl, drizzle with vinegar and sprinkle with rosemary. Toss to separate rings and season with more salt and pepper as needed. <END>
INPUT: seattle, bouillabaisse, Six salmon fillets, Six halibut fillets, scallops, olive oil, sweet onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Seattle Style "Bouillabaisse" | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Six 2-ounce salmon fillets; Six 2-ounce halibut fillets; 12 scallops; 1/4 cup olive oil; 1/2 sweet onion, diced; 1 fennel, diced; 1/2 tablespoon minced garlic; 12 shrimp or prawns, (21/25 per pound), peeled and deveined; 12 mussels; 12 Manila clams (Little Neck may be substituted); 12 oysters, Pacific yearling, petite (your favorite may be substituted); 6 cups Lemon Verbena Broth, recipe follows; 9 fingerling potatoes, boiled and halved; 6 red teardrop tomatoes, halved; 6 yellow teardrop tomatoes, halved | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Grill the fillets to obtain marks to sear in juices and set aside. In a hot saute pan with light oil, sear the scallops to seal in the juices and set aside as well. Do not cook fish and scallops through, cooking will be completed later on. In a saute pan with olive oil, caramelize the onions and fennel. Add garlic, prawns, and shellfish and continue to saute. Add the oysters and Lemon Verbena Broth. Cook until the shellfish are open. Add fingerling potatoes, teardrop tomatoes, beets, and carrots. Stir in the 3 tablespoons of compound butter. Add rock crab and con <END>
INPUT: splits, bananas, chunky peanut butter, vanilla ice cream, honey, cinnamon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Honey Nut Banana Splits | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 ripe bananas; 1 cup chunky peanut butter; 2 pints vanilla ice cream; 4 tablespoons honey, eyeball it; 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1 canister whipped cream; 1 package (2-ounce pouch) chopped nut topping, available on baking aisle | INSTRUCTIONS: Peel and slice the banana down the center lengthwise and place in dessert boats or bowls. Place peanut butter in a small pan and melt gently over low heat. Scoop vanilla ice cream into bowls or boats on top of bananas, 2 scoops per sundae. Top 1 scoop of ice cream with melted peanut butter sauce, the other with a drizzle of honey and a sprinkle of cinnamon, use about 1 tablespoon of honey per dessert. Garnish sundaes with whipped cream and chopped nut topping. <END>
INPUT: sauce, Reserved goose roasting, balsamic vinegar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Balsamic Pan Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Reserved goose roasting pan with juices; 1 cup (about) low-salt chicken broth; 1 cup balsamic vinegar; 2 tablespoons (packed) dark brown sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: Strain juices from reserved roasting pan into large measuring cup; discard solids in strainer. Spoon fat off surface of pan juices in measuring cup. Add enough chicken broth to degreased juices to measure 1 cup. Place reserved roasting pan over 2 burners set at medium heat. Add vinegar to pan and bring to boil, scraping up browned bits; pour vinegar into saucepan. Add pan-juice mixture and sugar to saucepan. Bring pan sauce to boil, whisking until sugar dissolves. Boil until sauce coats spoon thinly and is reduced to 1 1/3 cups, about 10 minutes. Season with salt and pepper. Transfer to gravy  <END>
INPUT: Mexican, beefy, sweet potatoes, carrots, onion, plum tomato, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Beefy Stuffed Sweet Potato | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 4 small sweet potatoes, scrubbed and washed; 4 medium carrots, 2 roughly chopped and 2 shredded; 1/2 medium onion, roughly chopped; 1 plum tomato, chopped; 2 cloves garlic; 2 tablespoons plus 1 teaspoon red wine vinegar; 1 teaspoon ground cumin; Kosher salt; 1/2 teaspoon dried oregano; 1/4 teaspoon cayenne pepper; Freshly ground black pepper; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 3/4 pound lean ground beef; 1/4 cup chopped fresh cilantro | INSTRUCTIONS: Poke each sweet potato a few times and microwave until fork tender, about 10 minutes, rotating about halfway through. Set aside and keep warm. Combine the chopped carrots, onions, tomatoes, garlic, 2 tablespoons of the vinegar, cumin, 1 teaspoon salt, oregano, cayenne and a few grinds of black pepper in a food processor; pulse until coarsely chopped. Heat the oil in a large nonstick skillet over medium-high heat, add the vegetable mixture and cook, stirring constantly, until dry, 3 to 4 minutes. Add 1/4 cup water and cook, scraping up any brown bits with a wooden spoon, until the water evapora <END>
INPUT: Mexican, tostados, turkey, onion, oil, garlic, chili powder
OUTPUT: TITLE: Turkey Tostados | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2 pounds lean ground turkey; 1 large onion; 1 tablespoon oil; 3 cloves chopped garlic; 1 tablespoon chili powder; 2 teaspoon cumin; 1 teaspoon coriander; Salt; 1 can tomato paste; 1 cup water; 1 medium head iceberg lettuce, shredded; 1/3 cup shredded Cheddar cheese; 2 medium tomatoes, peeled cored and cut into wedges; 1 medium avocado, pitted, peeled, and sliced; 1 1/2 to 2 cups corn chips or tortilla chips | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat oil in a large nonstick skillet. Add onion and garlic and crumble in turkey. Stir-fry over moderate heat until turkey is no longer pink- about 6 minutes. Mix in chili powder, salt, cumin coriander, tomato paste and water. Bring to a simmer and keep hot. Divide lettuce among four dinner plates. Top with hot turkey mixture and sprinkle with cheese. Divide tomato wedges, avocado slices, if using, and corn chips among the four or six plates. Serve at once. <END>
INPUT: spiced, egg whites, sugar, thyme leaves, allspice, ginger
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spiced Pistachios | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 5 large egg whites; 1/2 cup sugar; 1 teaspoon thyme leaves; 1/2 teaspoon ground allspice; 1/2 teaspoon ground ginger; 1/4 teaspoon cayenne pepper; 4 dashes of Angostura bitters; 1 pound unsalted, shelled raw natural pistachios; vegetable oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350°F. Whisk 5 large egg whites, 1/2 cup sugar, 1 teaspoon thyme leaves, 1/2 teaspoon ground allspice, 1/2 teaspoon ground ginger, 1/4 teaspoon cayenne pepper, and 4 dashes of Angostura bitters in a medium bowl to blend. Fold in 1 pound unsalted, shelled raw natural pistachios. Spread out on a rimmed baking sheet brushed with vegetable oil. Bake, stirring every 10 minutes, until golden brown and beginning to crisp, 30-35 minutes. Let cool on sheet on a wire rack (nuts will crisp as they cool). Preheat oven to 350°F. Whisk 5 large egg whites, 1/2 cup sugar, 1 teaspoon thyme leav <END>
INPUT: cake flour, all purpose flour, granulated sugar, baking powder, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Waffle King | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 1/2 cups cake flour; 3/4 cup all-purpose flour; 2 cups granulated sugar; 1 tablespoon plus 1/2 teaspoon baking powder; 3/4 teaspoon salt; 2 sticks unsalted butter, softened; 1/2 cup sour cream; 4 eggs; 1 cup whole milk; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; Razzleberry Filling, recipe follows; Vanilla Cream Cheese Frosting, recipe follows; Waffles, recipe follows; Maple syrup, for drizzling; 1/2 cup blackberries | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: Special equipment: waffle iron Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Line cupcake or muffin pans with 24 cupcake liners. In the bowl of a stand mixer with a paddle attachment, combine the flours, granulated sugar, baking powder and salt. Add in the butter and sour cream, and combine until the mixture is coarse and crumbly. In a pitcher, combine the milk, vanilla extract and eggs, and whisk until combined. Slowly add the ingredients in the pitcher into the butter-flour mixture, mixing until combined. Fill cupcake liners and bake for 20 minutes, rotating halfway through. Remove f <END>
INPUT: cupcakes, meringue, baking powder, cinnamon, nutmeg, baking soda
OUTPUT: TITLE: Coconut Sugar Carrot-Banana Cupcakes with Coconut Sugar Meringue Frosting | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup (4 1/2 ounces) all-purpose flour; 1 teaspoon baking powder; 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, plus more for garnish; 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground nutmeg; 1/4 teaspoon baking soda; 1/4 teaspoon fine sea salt; 1/8 teaspoon ground ginger; 1/2 cup plus 1 tablespoon (3 ounces) coconut sugar; 1/3 cup (2 5/8 ounces) 2-percent Greek yogurt; 1/4 cup (2 ounces) grapeseed, canola or vegetable oil; 1/2 teaspoon pure vanilla extract; 1 large, overripe banana, mashed (about 1/2 packed cup or 5 3/8 ounces); 1 large carrot, grated (about 1/2 packed cup or 2 3/8 ounces); 1 large egg; 3/4 cup (4 ounces) coconut sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: For the cupcakes: Position a rack in the center of the oven and preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line a 12-cup muffin tin with paper liners. In a medium bowl, whisk together the flour, baking powder, cinnamon, nutmeg, baking soda, salt and ginger. In a separate medium bowl, whisk together the sugar, yogurt, oil, vanilla extract, banana, carrots, and egg. Pour the wet ingredients into the dry and fold to blend well. Fill the cups of the muffin tin about halfway with the batter. Bake until a toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean and the tops of the cupcakes spring back when lightly  <END>
INPUT: Mexican, skin almonds, Spanish chorizo, olive oil, garlic, thyme leaves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Brussels Sprout Leaves with Chorizo and Toasted Almonds | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup skin-on almonds (not roasted); 6 ounces Spanish chorizo, thinly sliced; 3 tablespoons olive oil; 2 garlic cloves, thinly sliced; 2 teaspoons fresh thyme leaves; 2 pounds brussels sprouts, stems trimmed, halved, leaves separated; Kosher salt, freshly ground pepper; 1 tablespoon Sherry vinegar or red wine vinegar | INSTRUCTIONS: Toast almonds in a dry small skillet over medium heat, tossing occasionally, until fragrant and slightly darkened, 5–8 minutes. Let cool, then coarsely chop. Cook chorizo in a large skillet over medium-high heat, stirring occasionally, until fat starts to render and chorizo is crisp, about 5 minutes. Transfer chorizo to a small bowl and wipe skillet clean (don't skip this step or the reddish-brown chorizo drippings will make brussels sprouts look muddy). Heat oil in same skillet over mediumhigh and cook garlic and thyme, stirring occasionally, until garlic is fragrant and golden, about 1 minut <END>
INPUT: American, family size beef, garlic, pepper, Your favorite barbecue
OUTPUT: TITLE: Iron Works BBQ's Boneless Beef Ribs | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 family size package boneless beef ribs, enough for 4 servings; 1 (7-ounce) bottle BBQ dry rub (recommended: Iron Works BBQ Dry Rub); 1/2 teaspoon minced garlic; 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; Your favorite barbecue sauce, optional | INSTRUCTIONS: Pound the boneless beef ribs to tenderize. Rub 3 to 4 tablespoons dry rub into each rib. Sprinkle garlic and pepper over each rib and let marinate in the refrigerator for 30 minutes. Preheat a grill to 250 degrees F. Grill ribs for 10 minutes, then turn ribs and grill on other side for 10 minutes or until cooked to desired degree of doneness. Pour barbecue sauce over ribs after grilling, if desired, and serve. <END>
INPUT: piece pork shoulder, vegetable oil, milk
OUTPUT: TITLE: Milk-Braised Pork | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: a 2 1/2-pound piece boneless pork shoulder (do not trim fat); 2 tablespoons vegetable oil; 2 cups whole milk | INSTRUCTIONS: Pat pork dry and season with salt and pepper. In a 4-quart heavy kettle heat oil over moderately high heat until hot but not smoking and brown pork on all sides, about 5 minutes total. Carefully add milk and cook pork, covered, at a bare simmer 2 hours. Continue to cook pork, partially covered, at a bare simmer until very tender, about 1 hour. Transfer pork to a cutting board and let stand 5 minutes. Season cooking liquid generously with salt and pepper and boil until slightly thickened, about 2 minutes. Thinly slice pork and transfer to a platter. Skim fat from cooking liquid and spoon liquid <END>
INPUT: bottom round roast, Salt pepper, vegetable oil, onions, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Red Wine Pot Roast with Honey and Thyme | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 bottom round roast, about 4 pounds; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 5 tablespoons vegetable oil; 3 small onions, medium diced; 1 head garlic (about 10 to 12 cloves), lightly smashed; 1 pound carrots (about 4 medium), cut roughly into 1 1/2-inch pieces; 2 cups low-sodium chicken, beef, or vegetable broth; 2 cups medium-bodied red wine; 2 1/2 tablespoons honey; 5 to 6 sprigs fresh thyme; 2 pounds russet potatoes, peeled and cut into 1 1/2 to 2-inch cubes | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Season roast with salt and pepper. Heat oil in large oven-safe pot or Dutch oven over high heat for a couple minutes. Add the meat and brown well on all sides, about 10 minutes total. Remove and set aside on a plate. Lower heat to medium and saute onions, garlic, and carrots for 5 minutes. Add the broth, wine, honey, and thyme, stir to combine, and then add the roast back to the pot. Cover pot and transfer to oven. Bake for 2 hours, turning the meat over twice. Add the potatoes to the pot and bake, uncovered, for another 30 to 45 minutes longer until both the <END>
INPUT: asparagus, olive oil, balsamic vinegar, Salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Asparagus | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound fresh asparagus, washed and trimmed; 2 to 3 tablespoons olive oil; 1 tablespoon balsamic vinegar; Salt and pepper, to taste | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 475 degrees F. In a roasting pan toss the asparagus with the olive oil and vinegar until coated. Spread asparagus out in a single layer, if possible. Roast asparagus for 10 minutes until tender. Season with salt and pepper. Transfer to a serving dish. <END>
INPUT: Salt, string beans, almonds, olive oil, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tangy Almond Garlic String Beans | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Salt; 1 pound string beans, trimmed; 1/2 cup sliced almonds; 1/2 cup olive oil; 4 to 5 cloves garlic, smashed; 1-inch piece ginger, grated; 1/2 teaspoon dried red chili flakes; 1/4 cup red wine vinegar | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Bring a pot of salted water to a boil. Add the beans and cook for just 1 to 2 minutes, until the beans turn bright green. Strain them and run under cold water to stop them from cooking. Heat a large nonstick skillet over medium heat. Add the almonds and toast them until golden brown, about 4 minutes, shaking the pan often to avoid burning the almonds. Remove the toasted almonds from the pan. Return the skillet to the burner and increase the heat to medium-high. Heat the olive oil in the pan and add a few pinches of salt, the garlic, ginger, and chili flakes. Cook <END>
INPUT: Italian, cottage cheese, mayonnaise, sour cream, onion, parsley
OUTPUT: TITLE: Habanero Parmesan Bacon Burger | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup cottage cheese; 1 cup mayonnaise; 1/4 cup sour cream; 1 tablespoon grated red onion; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh parsley; 3 sprigs fresh dill, chopped; 1 clove garlic, minced; 5 strips hickory smoked bacon; 3 habanero peppers; 2 1/2 pounds 80/20 ground sirloin; 1/2 cup grated Parmesan; Salt and coarsely ground black pepper; 5 brioche hamburger buns; 2 ounces canola or vegetable oil; Shredded iceberg lettuce, for topping | INSTRUCTIONS: For the cheese spread: Place the cottage cheese in a blender and puree until smooth. Transfer the cottage cheese to a mixing bowl. Add the mayonnaise, sour cream, onion, parsley, dill and garlic, and fold together with a spatula. Keep refrigerated until needed. For the burgers: Cook the bacon three-quarters of the way, remove from the pan and place on paper towels to drain any excess grease. When cool, cut into small pieces and set aside. Remove the stems from the peppers and halve them lengthwise. Scrape out the seeds (or leave them in if you like it HOT!) and finely dice. Set aside. Place th <END>
INPUT: soup, bowls, baking pumpkins, sugar, Kosher salt, unsalted butter, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Squash Soup in Pumpkin Bowls | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 small baking pumpkins (such as hooligan or sugar pie), acorn squash or sweet dumpling squash; 2 teaspoons sugar; Kosher salt; 3 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1/2 small onion, chopped; Kosher salt; 2 sprigs thyme; 1 medium butternut or kuri squash (about 2 pounds), peeled and cut into 1-inch pieces; 1 teaspoon sugar; 3 tablespoons heavy cream (optional); Freshly ground pepper; Pepitas (hulled green pumpkin seeds); Sourdough and/or pumpernickel croutons; Paprika, chili powder or Spanish pimenton; Crisp prosciutto, serrano ham or bacon | INSTRUCTIONS: Make the bowls: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Use a paring knife to cut a large circle around the stem of each pumpkin (make a zigzag cut, if desired). Remove the lid and scoop out the seeds and fibers. Sprinkle the inside of each with 1/2 teaspoon each sugar and salt. Place the pumpkins and lids on a baking sheet; roast until tender, 20 to 35 minutes, depending on their size. Meanwhile, make the soup: Melt the butter in a large saucepan over low heat. Add the onion and 1 teaspoon salt. Strip the thyme leaves into the pot, increase the heat to medium and cook, stirring occasionally, until <END>
INPUT: Italian, mashed, garlic, virgin olive oil, parmesan cheese, rosemary, russet potatoes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Garlic-Parmesan Mashed Potatoes | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 head garlic; 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil, plus more for drizzling; 1 1/4 cups grated parmesan cheese (about 4 ounces); 1 sprig rosemary, plus 1 teaspoon chopped leaves; 2 1/2 pounds russet potatoes (4 to 5 medium), peeled and cut into large chunks; Kosher salt; 1/2 cup milk; 1 stick salted butter, cut into pieces, at room temperature; 1/2 cup mascarpone cheese | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Slice off about ¼ inch from the top of the garlic. Place on a sheet of foil and drizzle with olive oil. Wrap in the foil, place on a baking sheet and roast until the garlic is soft, 50 to 60 minutes. Meanwhile, spread 1 cup parmesan in a thin layer on a baking sheet (use a silicone mat if you have one); sprinkle with the chopped rosemary. Bake until golden and bubbling, 5 to 6 minutes. Let cool on the baking sheet. Meanwhile, rinse the potatoes well with cold water to get rid of any excess starch. Transfer the potatoes to a saucepan; cover with cold water by  <END>
INPUT: salad, wild rice, celery, vine ripened tomatoes, carrot, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Wild Rice Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 pound wild rice (about 1 1/2 cups), rinsed; 2 celery ribs, cut into 1/4-inch dice; 2 small vine-ripened tomatoes, seeded and cut into 1/4-inch dice; 1/2 carrot, cut into 1/4-inch dice; 1/2 red onion, chopped fine; 1/2 red bell pepper, cut into 1/4-inch dice; 1/2 green bell pepper, cut into 1/4-inch dice; 1/2 yellow bell pepper, cut into 1/4-inch dice; 1/2 cup sliced almonds, toasted until golden; 1/2 cup raisins; 6 tablespoons balsamic vinegar; 3 tablespoons vegetable oil; 1 teaspoon minced garlic | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large saucepan bring 5 cups salted water to a boil. Add wild rice and cook, uncovered, stirring occasionally, until tender, about 40 minutes. Drain wild rice and transfer to a bowl to cool. (Chill wild rice, covered, until cold, about 2 hours.) In a large bowl combine vegetables, almonds, and raisins and toss with wild rice. In a bowl whisk together vinegar, oil, garlic, and salt and pepper to taste until combined well. Pour dressing over salad and toss well. (Salad may be made 2 days ahead and chilled, covered.) In a large saucepan bring 5 cups salted water to a boil. Add wild rice and c <END>
INPUT: soup, butter, onions, carrots, celery, stock
OUTPUT: TITLE: Garbanzo Soup with Ham and Broad Beans | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons butter; 1/2 cup onions, finely chopped; 1/2 cup carrots, finely chopped; 1/4 cup celery, finely chopped; 6 cups stock, consisting of 1 cup ham braising liquid, if available, plus canned or fresh chicken stock or all chicken stock; Ham bone, optional; A bouquet consisting 6 sprigs parsley and 1 small bay leaf, tied together with string; 1 pound, 4-ounce can garbanzos (chickpeas), drained of all their liquid and washed in cold water; 1 to 1 1/2 cups cooked ham, cut into small cubes; 1 package frozen broad beans or string beans, defrosted; 2 medium boiling potatoes, peeled and cut into 1-inch cubes; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 tablespoon parsley leaves, finely chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: Over moderate heat, melt the 3 tablespoons of butter in a heavy 3 or 4-quart soup pot. When the foam subsides, add the chopped onions, carrots and celery and cook, stirring almost constantly, until the vegetables are wilted but not brown. Pour in the stock, add the optional ham bone and the bouquet, and bring to a boil. Then lower the heat and, with the pot half covered, simmer slowly for about 1/2 hour. Add the chickpeas, the ham, the broad beans (or string beans), and the cubed potatoes and continue to simmer until the potatoes are tender. Remove the ham bone. Season the soup with salt and f <END>
INPUT: Mexican, French roll, Guacamole, Boar's Chipotle Gouda, Boar's Chipotle Chicken, Jalapeno
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chipotle Chicken Guacamole Sub | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 French roll; 1 tablespoon Guacamole, spicy; 2 slices Boar's Head Chipotle Gouda; 6 slices Boar's Head Chipotle Chicken; 2 tablespoons Jalapeno slices; 1/4 cup Pico de gallo, store bought | INSTRUCTIONS: Slice the roll in half lengthwise. Lay roll on a clean, flat work surface. Spread guacamole evenly over both sides of the roll. Add the cheese first, followed by the chicken and jalapeno slices. Sprinkle pico de gallo over the top and crown sandwich with top of the roll. <END>
INPUT: smoked Virginia ham, pineapple juice, piece ginger, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pineapple Glazed Ham | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 smoked bone-in Virginia ham (14 to 16 pounds); 4 cups pineapple juice; 1-inch piece fresh ginger, peeled and sliced; 4 cloves of garlic, peeled and smashed; 12 to 16 whole cloves; 1/4 cup Dijon mustard; 1 cup light-brown sugar; About 10 pineapple rings; About 10 maraschino cherries | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. Combine the pineapple juice, ginger, and garlic in a saucepan. Bring to a boil, reduce the heat to medium-low and simmer 25 minutes, reducing the liquid by half (to 2 cups). Strain and reserve. 2. Preheat the oven to 350°F. 3. Carefully trim the thick rind and all but 1/4 inch of fat from the surface of the ham. With a sharp knife, score a diamond pattern and insert the cloves at the crossed points of the diamonds. 4. Set the ham in a shallow baking pan. Brush the mustard all over the top. Pat the sugar atop the mustard. 5. Starting at the butt end, decoratively arrange the pineapple rings, <END>
INPUT: conserva, agrodolce, cubes pork shoulder, salt pork, garlic, wine, vegetable oil additional
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pork Conserva with Green Tomato Agrodolce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 10 ounces 1-inch cubes pork shoulder (Boston butt); 2 ounces finely chopped salt pork (fatty parts only; about 1/4 cup); 2 garlic cloves, chopped; 1/2 cup dry white wine; 2 teaspoons vegetable oil plus additional (for brushing); 1/2 cup chopped red onion; 3 tablespoons sugar; 2 cups chopped green tomatoes; 1/4 cup distilled white vinegar; 1/4 teaspoon dry mustard; 24 flatbread crackers; Chopped fresh basil | INSTRUCTIONS: For pork conserva: Mix first 3 ingredients in 9 x 5 x 3-inch glass loaf pan. Cover with plastic and refrigerate overnight. Preheat oven to 300°F. Uncover pork mixture; mix in wine. Cover tightly with foil. Place in oven; cook until pork is very tender, about 2 1/2 hours. Cool to lukewarm. Uncover and mash with potato masher until finely shredded. Cover; refrigerate until cold. DO AHEAD : Can be made 4 days ahead. Keep refrigerated. Mix first 3 ingredients in 9 x 5 x 3-inch glass loaf pan. Cover with plastic and refrigerate overnight. Preheat oven to 300°F. Uncover pork mixture; mix in wine. Co <END>
INPUT: American, unsalted butter, bacon, jalapeno, sweet corn, Kosher salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Ba'Corn Cheese | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 2 strips bacon, chopped; 1/2 jalapeno, seeded and minced; 2 cups canned sweet corn; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 clove garlic, minced; 2 scallions, thinly sliced; 2 tablespoons condensed milk; 2 tablespoons mayonnaise; 1/2 cup mozzarella cheese | INSTRUCTIONS: Place a 5-inch cast-iron skillet in the oven; preheat the oven to broil. Heat a wok or saute pan over high heat. Add the butter and bacon and cook until the bacon is crisp, about 20 seconds. Toss in the jalapeno and corn, season with a pinch of salt and pepper and cook until the corn kernels start to char a little bit, 20 to 30 seconds. Add the garlic and half of the scallions. Add the condensed milk, mayonnaise and 1/4 cup of the mozzarella and cook until the cheese is melted and the ingredients are well mixed, another 20 seconds. With a towel, grab your hot skillet from the broiler and caref <END>
INPUT: aita, olive grape seed, onion, garlic, bell peppers, honeycomb beef tripe
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tripe Aita | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons olive or grape seed oil; 1 large onion, sliced 1/4 inch thick or thinner; 1/2 cup garlic cloves, chopped; 2 red bell peppers, cored, seeded, and cut lengthwise into 1/2-inch-wide strips; 1 1/2 pounds honeycomb beef tripe, purchased partially cooked, cut into 1-inch squares; 1 large, ripe tomato, cored and coarsely chopped; 1 tablespoon tomato paste; Bouquet garni of 5 or 6 sprigs thyme, 1 bay leaf, and 6 to 8 sprigs flat-leaf parsley wrapped in a cheesecloth sachet or tied with kitchen twine; Kosher salt and freshly ground; 1/4 cup homemade coarse fresh bread crumbs | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat a large saucepan over medium-high heat. Add the oil and warm it until it ripples. Add the onion, garlic, and bell peppers, stir, reduce the heat to medium, and cook, stirring occasionally, for 10 to 15 minutes, or until the vegetables have softened and begun to turn golden. Stir in the tripe, tomato, and tomato paste and add the bouquet garni and enough water to just barely cover. Bring to a boil over high heat, decrease the heat to maintain a simmer, and cook uncovered for 1 hour, or until the tripe is tender when pierced with a fork (or try biting into a piece). Remove from the heat. If <END>
INPUT: torte, ganache, wheat sandwich bread, all purpose flour, salt, eggs at, light sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Raspberry Bread Torte with Bittersweet Chocolate Ganache | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 slices firm whole-wheat sandwich bread; 3 tablespoons all-purpose flour; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 4 large eggs at room temperature; 2/3 cup packed light brown sugar; 1 teaspoon vanilla; 1/2 stick (1/4 cup) unsalted butter, melted and cooled slightly; 2/3 cup heavy cream; 7 oz fine-quality bittersweet chocolate (not unsweetened), finely chopped; 3/4 cup seedless raspberry jam; Garnish: raspberries and lightly sweetened whipped cream | INSTRUCTIONS: Make cake: Preheat oven to 350°F. Line bottom of a buttered 15- by 10- by 1/2- to 1-inch baking pan with wax or parchment paper. Butter paper, then dust with flour, knocking out excess. Arrange bread slices in 1 layer on a baking sheet and bake in middle of oven, turning over once, until dry and pale golden, about 15 minutes. Cool, then break into pieces. Pulse bread in a food processor until finely ground, then add flour and salt and process until very finely ground. Beat together eggs, brown sugar, and vanilla with an electric mixer at high speed until pale, very thick, and tripled in volume <END>
INPUT: salad, fennel bulb, onion, arugula, virgin olive oil, lemon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Arugula and Fennel Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 large fennel bulb; 1/2 red onion; 1 bunch arugula; 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1 lemon, juiced; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 small piece Parmigiano-Reggiano | INSTRUCTIONS: Trim the fennel bulb and reserve the fronds. Cut the bulb in half and remove the tough inner core. Using a sharp knife or a mandolin cut the fennel into very thin slices and put them into a large bowl. Cut the onion into very thin slices and add them to the bowl. Add the arugula to the bowl and give it a good toss. Pour in the olive oil and lemon juice, season it with salt and pepper, and toss it again to coat all the ingredients; put the salad onto a large platter. Using a vegetable peeler, shave thin pieces of the Parmigiano-Reggiano and scatter them over the salad. Garnish with the reserved <END>
INPUT: Mexican, chorizo into dice, kosher salt, quick grits polenta, Tbs. unsalted butter, shrimp
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cheese Grits with Shrimp and Chorizo | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 4 oz. chorizo cut into 1/4-inch dice; 1/2 tsp. kosher salt, plus more to taste; 1 cup quick-cooking grits or instant polenta; 2 Tbs. unsalted butter; 1 lb. medium shrimp, peeled and deveined; 2 medium garlic cloves, finely chopped; 1/2-cup grated Manchego cheese; freshly ground black pepper; 2 Tbs. finely chopped fresh chives, optional | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook chorizo in a heavy, medium-size skillet over medium heat until it is crisp, two or three minutes. Transfer chorizo to a paper towel-lined plate to drain. Pour off all but a thin film of fat from the skillet. Bring a quart of water and a half teaspoon salt to boil in a medium saucepan. Slowly stir in grits. Reduce heat to low and cook about five minutes, whisking occasionally, until grits are thick and smooth. While grits are cooking, add a tablespoon of the butter to skillet and heat over medium-high until butter is foaming. Cook shrimp in butter until just pink, turning once, about three <END>
INPUT: soup, matzo, chicken bones some, garlic, celery leaves, carrots, onions
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken Soup with Matzo Balls | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 5 pounds chicken bones with some meat on them (backs, necks, wings, etc.); 10 cloves garlic, whole; 6 celery stalks with leaves on, cut into pieces; 4 carrots, large dice; 4 medium onions, quartered; 1 bunch fresh parsley; 4 teaspoons sea salt; 2 teaspoons whole peppercorn; 4 cloves; 2 bay leaves; 1/4 cup seltzer; 2 tablespoons schmaltz, at room temperature; 1 1/2 teaspoons sea salt; Pinch ground pepper; 4 large eggs | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. For the chicken stock: Place the chicken bones, garlic, celery, carrots, onions, parsley, salt, peppercorns, cloves and bay leaves in a 10-quart or larger pressure cooker. Pour in about 16 cups water to just cover ingredients by 1 inch. Add more water if necessary but do not fill more than two-thirds of the pot. Cover and lock the lid. Bring to pressure according to manufacturer's instructions. (If the cooker has two levels of pressure, cook on the lowest.) Adjust the heat to maintain pressure, and cook for 45 minutes. Let the pressure subside by itself (natural  <END>
INPUT: American, three, sorrentinos, olive oil, shallots, piece Brie, soft goat cheese
OUTPUT: TITLE: Three-Cheese Sorrentinos with Tomato-Olive Sauce | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 tablespoon olive oil; 3/4 cup chopped shallots; 1 8-ounce piece Brie, rind trimmed, cheese cut into 1/4-inch dice; 1 cup (scant) diced mozzarella (about 4 ounces); 1/2 cup diced soft fresh goat cheese (about 4 ounces); 36 wonton wrappers; 1 egg white, beaten to blend; 1/4 cup olive oil; 1 cup chopped onion; 1 garlic clove, chopped; 1 large red jalapeño chile, seeded, chopped; 2 cups chopped plum tomatoes (about 12 ounces); 1 cup canned diced tomatoes with juices; 1/4 cup chopped pitted green Greek olives; 1/4 cup chopped pitted Kalamata olives | INSTRUCTIONS: For ravioli: Heat oil in heavy small skillet over medium heat. Mix in shallots. Cover and cook 5 minutes. Transfer shallots to medium bowl and cool. Add all cheeses and toss to coat. Place 2 wonton wrappers on work surface; brush with egg white. Mound 1 rounded tablespoon filling in center of 1 wrapper; cover with second wrapper, egg white side facing down. Using fingertips, press around edges and filling to seal. Repeat with remaining wrappers, egg white, and filling, forming total of 18 ravioli. Place ravioli in single layer on lightly floured baking sheet. Cover with dry towel, then plastic <END>
INPUT: meringue, cake, egg whites, cream tartar, granulated sugar, vanilla, strawberries
OUTPUT: TITLE: Meringue Ice-Cream Cake with Strawberries Remington | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 7 large egg whites; 1 teaspoon cream of tartar; 2 1/2 cups granulated sugar; 1 teaspoon vanilla; 3 pints strawberries (about 2 pounds); 1/3 cup granulated sugar; 1 cup well-chilled heavy cream; 2 tablespoons confectioners' sugar; 1 quart vanilla ice cream; Garnish: trimmed whole strawberries | INSTRUCTIONS: Make meringue layers: Do not preheat oven. Butter two 10-inch springform pans. In a large bowl with an electric mixer beat whites with cream of tartar and a pinch salt until they just hold soft peaks. Add granulated sugar a little at a time, beating, and beat meringue until it is very glossy and holds soft peaks. Fold in vanilla and divide meringue between springform pans, smoothing tops. Put pans in upper and lower thirds of oven and set oven to 275°F. Bake meringue layers, switching position of pans halfway through baking, 45 minutes total. Cool meringue layers in pans on racks and carefully <END>
INPUT: soup, butter, leeks, russet potatoes, low sodium chicken, heavy cream
OUTPUT: TITLE: Potato and Leek Soup | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons butter; 2 large leeks, white and pale green parts only, well rinsed to remove sand grit, chopped; 2 russet potatoes, peeled and cut into small chunks; 1 quart low-sodium chicken stock; 1/2 cup heavy cream; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; Chopped fresh chives, for garnish; Special Equipment: an immersion blender, or blender | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large saucepan over medium-high heat, melt the butter and saute the leeks until soft, about 3 to 5 minutes. Add the potatoes and stock and cook until the vegetables are cooked through and beginning to fall apart, about 15 to 20 minutes. If using an immersion blender, submerge in the soup and puree until smooth but with some small chunks remaining. *If using a blender, ladle the soup into the blender and blend until smooth but with some small chunks remaining. You may have to do this in 2 batches. Add the cream and blend to combine, then check for seasoning and add salt and pepper, to tast <END>
INPUT: Italian, elsa, Salt, Italian imported spaghetti, virgin olive oil, garlic, pepper flakes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spaghetti all' Elsa | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: Salt; 1 pound Italian imported dried spaghetti; 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, 3 turns of the pan; 3 cloves garlic, crushed; 1/2 to 3/4 teaspoon red pepper flakes; 1/3 cup chicken stock or white wine, eyeball it; 1 (28-ounce) can crushed tomatoes (recommended: San Marzano), plus 1 (14-ounce) can; Several leaves basil, torn or chopped, a handful; 2 tablespoons butter, cut into small pieces; 1 cup grated Parmigiano-Reggiano | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring a large pot of water to a boil. Salt the water and add pasta. Cook to al dente, with a bite to it. Heat a medium sauce pot over medium-low heat. Add extra-virgin olive oil, garlic, and red pepper and let them cook 5 minutes, garlic will be soft and light golden. Remove garlic. Add stock or wine and stir 30 seconds, add tomatoes and combine. Season the sauce with salt, to taste, then stir basil in and reduce heat to low. When pasta is cooked, turn off the heat, drain the pasta then add it back to the still-hot, deep pot. Add butter to spaghetti and toss to melt and coat. Add half the red  <END>
INPUT: salad, grapeseed oil, Four pork chops, salt, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pork Chops with Apple Bacon Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons grapeseed oil; Four 8 to 10 ounce pork chops; 1 tablespoon salt; 1/2 teaspoon ground pepper; 1 tablespoons grapeseed oil; 1 cup apple (1/2-inch diced); 1/4 cup cooked bacon (medium dice); 1/4 cup red onion (julienne); 1 teaspoon salt; 1/4 cup white balsamic vinegar; 1 teaspoon sugar; 2 tablespoons butter; 1/4 cup celery leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: For the pork chops: Mix together the juice, salt and 1 gallon cold water. Submerge the pork chops and let brine in the refrigerator overnight. In a large saute pan over high heat, warm the oil. Then sprinkle the chops with the salt and pepper. Add the chops to the warmed oil, and then reduce the heat to medium. Sear the chops until browned, 4 to 5 minutes on the first side, and then flip and repeat the process on the second side. After cooking on the second side, remove the pork from the pan and drain out excess oil from the pan. To prepare the apple bacon salad: Return the pan to medium-high  <END>
INPUT: pudding, heavy cream, milk, granulated sugar, vanilla extract, eggs
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lobster Pudding | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 quart heavy cream; 2 cups milk; 1 cup granulated sugar; 1 tablespoon vanilla extract; 6 eggs, lightly beaten; 2 cooked lobster tails, meat removed from shells and diced; 1 cup confectioners' sugar, plus more for topping; 1/2 cup lemon juice; Zest of 1 lemon; Zest of 1 lime; Zest of 1 orange | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: an 8-inch square nonstick baking dish Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Stir together the cream, milk, granulated sugar, vanilla, eggs and lobster. Pour the mixture into an 8-inch square nonstick baking dish. Bake for 15 minutes. Bring the confectioners' sugar and lemon juice to a simmer in a small saucepan. Simmer until slightly thickened, then turn off the heat. Drizzle the pudding with the glaze and then scatter with most of the citrus zest. Dust with confectioners' sugar and sprinkle with the remaining zest. Serve immediately. <END>
INPUT: shallots, Peanut oil frying, Salt taste
OUTPUT: TITLE: Crispy Shallots | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 5 cups shallots, thinly sliced; Peanut oil for frying; Salt to taste | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large pot or deep fryer heat peanut oil until piece of shallot dropped in oil sizzles. Add shallots, stirring constantly, and fry until crisp and lightly browned. Remove with a slotted spoon or spider to drain on paper towels. Add salt to taste and toss. Let cool to room temperature and store in an airtight container for up to a week. <END>
INPUT: funnel, cake, canola oil, all purpose flour, sugar, baking powder, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Funnel Cake with Powdered Sugar | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 liter canola oil; 3 cups all-purpose flour; 1/4 cup sugar; 2 teaspoons baking powder; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 3 eggs; 2 cups milk; 1/2 cup powdered sugar, for sprinkling | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat canola oil in deep-fryer to 350 degrees F. Mix flour, sugar, baking powder, and salt. Whisk in eggs and milk. (Use 1/2 cup of batter for each funnel cake.) Pour 1/2 cup batter through funnel into hot oil, moving in a circular motion as you do so, to make each spiral-shaped funnel cake. Fry each spiral of batter until golden brown, about 2 or 3 minutes, remove with tongs and lay on paper toweling to absorb oil. Transfer to a plate and sprinkle powdered sugar through a sieve onto top of hot dough. Serve immediately. <END>
INPUT: herb, pacific, Kosher salt, sugar, coriander seeds, fennel seeds, peppercorns
OUTPUT: TITLE: Herb Smoked Pacific Salmon with Shaved Fennel and Dill Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons Kosher salt; 1/4 cup sugar; 2 teaspoons coriander seeds; 2 teaspoons fennel seeds; 15 whole black peppercorns; 3 bay leaves; 1 1/2 cups dry white wine; 8 (5 ounce) salmon fillets, cut thickly and uniformly; 1/3 cup snipped fresh dill; Olive oil, for grilling; 2 medium fresh fennel bulbs, shaved paper thin; 1 medium cucumber peeled, cut in half, seeded and cut into long thin strips; 1 fresh endive separated into individual leaves; Walnut-Dill Vinaigrette (recipe follows) | INSTRUCTIONS: This is a simple dish to prepare but timing is crucial. The cure can be made in quantity and stored refrigerated for up to 2 weeks. It is imperative that the salmon not stay in the cure for longer than 30 minutes before grilling or the surface will become dry and tough. It can cure for as short a time as 15 minutes. In volume situations, the salmon can be undercooked slightly and flashed in a hot oven to just heat through just before serving. The fennel needs to be shaved paper thin and ideally done just before serving. Do not store shaved fennel in ice water unless absolutely necessary - - it <END>
INPUT: sauce, good mayonnaise, sour cream, plain yogurt, cream cheese, scallions
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fresh Dill Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup good mayonnaise, such as Hellmann's; 1/2 cup sour cream; 1/2 cup plain yogurt, such as Stonyfield; 2 tablespoons cream cheese, at room temperature; 1/2 cup chopped scallions, white and green parts (4 scallions); 1/2 cup minced fresh dill; 1/4 cup minced fresh flat-leaf parsley; 1 teaspoon grated lemon zest; 2 tablespoons freshly squeezed lemon juice; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 cup seeded, grated hothouse cucumber | INSTRUCTIONS: Place the mayonnaise, sour cream, yogurt, cream cheese, scallions, dill, parsley, lemon zest, lemon juice, 2 teaspoons salt, and 1 teaspoon pepper in the bowl of a food processor fitted with the steel blade. Puree for a few seconds, until well mixed. Add the cucumber and puree for another few seconds, until combined. Pour into a container and refrigerate for a few hours to allow the flavors to develop. <END>
INPUT: parfait, fat free strawberry, strawberries, peanut butter cereal, peanut butter chips
OUTPUT: TITLE: PB and J Yogurt Parfait | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 ounces fat-free strawberry yogurt; 1/2 cup chopped strawberries; 1/4 cup peanut butter cereal (with less than 3g fat per serving), lightly crushed; 1 teaspoon peanut butter chips, chopped*; Fresh strawberries, as an accompaniment, optional | INSTRUCTIONS: Spoon 1/2 the yogurt into a parfait glass or any glass. Top with 1/2 the strawberries, followed by 1/2 the cereal and 1/2 the chips. Continue layering with remaining yogurt, strawberries, cereal, and chips. Serve with strawberries, if using. Dig in! <END>
INPUT: Mexican, sauce, lime, papaya, chile pepper, rice wine vinegar, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Abalone with Papaya Sauce | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 fresh lime; 1 papaya, peeled, sliced, and seeds removed and reserved; 1 chile pepper, diced; 2 tablespoons rice wine vinegar; 1 teaspoon salt; 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 1 pound abalone; 1 tablespoon water; 1 tablespoon cornstarch; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh cilantro leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: To make the marinade, microwave lime in a small bowl to release essential oils, and set aside until cool enough to handle. Through the feed opening of a running blender add, 1 at a time, half of the papaya (reserving the other half), chile pepper, vinegar, salt and pepper. Then with the blender still running, squeeze in the juice from the microwaved lime. Place abalone in a nonreactive container, pour marinade over, cover and refrigerate for 6 to 8 hours. Heat grill. Use marinade to make a sauce by adding it to a pan over medium-high heat. Bring to a boil and let reduce and thicken. In a small <END>
INPUT: gratin, butter, russet potatoes, heavy cream, milk, all purpose flour
OUTPUT: TITLE: Perfect Potatoes au Gratin | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons butter, softened; 8 large russet potatoes, scrubbed clean; 3 cups heavy cream; 1 cup whole milk; 1/4 cup all-purpose flour; 2 teaspoons salt; Freshly ground black pepper; 2 cups freshly grated sharp Cheddar; 2 green onions, sliced thin (white and light green parts only) | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Butter a large baking dish with the butter. Slice the potatoes into sticks, and then cut the sticks to create a dice. Combine the cream and milk in a bowl. Add the flour, salt and some pepper. Whisk it together well so that the flour is incorporated into the milk/cream mixture. Add the diced potatoes to the prepared baking dish and pour the creamy mixture all over the top. Cover the dish with foil and bake for 20 to 30 minutes. Remove the foil and bake 15 to 20 minutes more. Just before serving, sprinkle on the grated cheese and <END>
INPUT: walleye, milk, salt taste, Walnut Batter Mix, vegetable oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sauteed Walleye With Citrus Butter | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 6-oz. pieces walleye, skinned and cut in half; 1 cup milk; salt to taste; Black Walnut Batter Mix, for dusting (recipe follows); 1 cup vegetable oil; citrus Butter (recipe follows); 1 tsp. parsley, chopped for garnish; 1/2-cup cracker meal; 1/2-cup Fry Krisp batter mix; 1/2-cup black walnuts, finely chopped; BLACK WALNUT BATTER: Mix all ingredients together; 2 cloves garlic; 1/2-cup butter, melted; 1/3-cup orange juice; 1/4-cup lemon juice | INSTRUCTIONS: WALLEYE: Rinse walleye and soak in milk for 1 hour. Season fish with salt and dust in Black Walnut Batter Mix. Heat oil in large saute pan. Place fish in pan and cook until golden, approximately 5-6 minutes. Remove from pan. Serve with warm Citrus Butter and parsley garnish. CITRUS BUTTER: Place garlic and butter in blender and process until well blended. Transfer to bowl. Whisk in remaining ingredients. <END>
INPUT: Italian, bruschetta, sundried, olive oil, garlic, sun tomatoes oil, mozzarella
OUTPUT: TITLE: Bruschetta with Sundried Tomato and Mozzarella | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 8 (1/2-inch) thick slices Italian bread; 2 tablespoons olive oil (preferably extra-virgin); 1 garlic clove, halved; 1/4 cup chopped sun-dried tomatoes in oil; 1/4 cup mozzarella, cubed; 1 tablespoon fresh basil leaves, minced; 1 1/2 teaspoon balsamic vinegar | INSTRUCTIONS: Toast the bread slices on a baking sheet in the upper third of a preheated 500 degree oven for 4 minutes, or until they are golden. While the toasts are warm, brush both sides of the toasts with the oil and rub them with the garlic. In a bowl combine the tomatoes, mozzarella, basil, balsamic vinegar, and salt and pepper to taste and top toasts with the mixture.; <END>
INPUT: virgin olive oil, mint leaves, pepper flakes, Sea salt, lamb chops
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Lamb Chops With Mint | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/3 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 1/2 cup packed fresh mint leaves, chopped, plus more for sprinkling; 1/4 teaspoon red pepper flakes; Sea salt; 12 small rib lamb chops (about 2 1/3 pounds); 2 cloves garlic, smashed | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat a grill to medium high. Mix the olive oil, mint, red pepper flakes, and salt to taste in a bowl. Rub the lamb chops all over with the garlic. Transfer a few tablespoons of the mint oil to a small bowl and brush on the chops. Grill the chops until charred, 3 to 4 minutes per side. (Press the middle of a chop with your finger: It should be slightly firm with a little give for medium-rare doneness.) Transfer to a platter and brush with some of the remaining mint oil. Sprinkle with mint and serve with more mint oil. Photographs by Con Poulos <END>
INPUT: bake, all purpose flour, sugar, baking powder, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Coconut Bake | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups all purpose flour; 2 tablespoons sugar; 2 teaspoons baking powder; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/4 cup (1/2 stick) chilled margarine, cut into 1/2-inch cubes; 3/4 cup coarsely grated peeled fresh coconut (white part only); 2/3 cup unsweetened coconut milk*; Nonstick vegetable oil spray | INSTRUCTIONS: Sift flour, sugar, baking powder, and salt into medium bowl. Add margarine; rub in with fingertips until coarse meal forms. Mix in grated coconut, then coconut milk. Stir mixture with fork until dough forms. Gather dough into ball; cover with kitchen towel. Let dough rest 30 minutes. Preheat oven to 400°F. Spray baking sheet with nonstick spray. Shape dough into 7-inch-round. Place on prepared baking sheet. Bake until golden brown and tester inserted into center comes out clean, about 20 minutes. Cool 30 minutes. Serve coconut bake slightly warm. Sift flour, sugar, baking powder, and salt into <END>
INPUT: britta, cookies, all purpose flour, baking powder, baking soda, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Britta's Peanut Butter Cookies | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 1/2 cups all-purpose flour; 1 1/2 teaspoons baking powder; 1 teaspoon baking soda; 1 teaspoon salt; 3 sticks (3/4 pound) unsalted butter, softened; 1 1/3 cups creamy peanut butter; 2/3 cup granulated sugar; 2 1/4 cups packed brown sugar; 1/3 cup vegetable oil; 3 large eggs plus 2 large yolks; 2 tablespoons pure vanilla extract | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350°F with racks in upper and lower thirds. Whisk together flour, baking powder, baking soda, and salt in a bowl. Beat together butter, peanut butter, sugars, and oil with an electric mixer at high speed just until pale and creamy, about 2 minutes in a stand mixer or longer with a handheld. Add whole eggs, yolks, and vanilla and beat until just incorporated. Reduce speed to low, then add flour mixture in 3 batches, mixing until well incorporated. Scoop scant 1/4cups of dough about 2 inches apart onto 2 ungreased large baking sheets. Flatten mounds with floured tines of a fork,  <END>
INPUT: Italian, refrigerated pie crust, all purpose flour, butter, onion, spinach
OUTPUT: TITLE: Ricotta Spinach Pie | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 refrigerated pie crust (half of 15-ounce package), room temperature; 1 teaspoon all purpose flour; 3 tablespoons butter; 1 medium onion, chopped; 1 10-ounce package frozen chopped spinach, thawed, squeezed dry; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/2 teaspoon pepper; 1/4 teaspoon ground nutmeg; 1 15-ounce container ricotta cheese; 8 ounce mozzarella cheese, grated; 1 cup grated Parmesan cheese; 3 large eggs, beaten to blend | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350°F. Unfold pie crust. Press out fold lines; if crust cracks, wet fingers and push edges together to seal. Sprinkle flour over crust. Place crust floured side down in 9-inch-diameter glass or ceramic pie dish. Fold edge under and crimp decoratively. Melt butter in heavy large skillet over medium heat. Add onion and sauté until tender, about 8 minutes. Mix in spinach, salt, pepper and nutmeg. Sauté until all liquid from spinach evaporates, about 3 minutes. Combine ricotta, mozzarella and Parmesan cheeses in large bowl. Mix in eggs. Add spinach mixture; blend well. Spoon cheese <END>
INPUT: empanadas, pears, water, sugar, cinnamon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pear Empanadas | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cups dried pears (about 3/4 pound); 2 1/4 cups water; 3/4 cup sugar; 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1/4 teaspoon ground cloves; 2 cups all purpose flour; 1/2 cup lard, cold; 2 1/2 tablespoons unsalted butter, cold; 1/2 teaspoon salt; About 1/2 cup iced water; 1 large egg, beaten, for egg wash; 2 cups heavy cream; 1/4 cup buttermilk | INSTRUCTIONS: In a covered pot, simmer the pears in the water for 30 to 40 minutes, until soft. Drain and reserve the liquid. When pears are cool, place them in a blender with just enough reserved liquid to make a thick puree. Heat 1/2 cup of the leftover pear liquid in a saucepan. Stir in 1/2 cup of the sugar and cook for about 5 minutes, until the sugar begins to caramelize. Add the pear puree, 1/2 teaspoon of the cinnamon and cloves, stirring well. Remove from heat and cool. In a small bowl, combine remaining 1/4 cup sugar and 1/2 teaspoon cinnamon. Set mixture aside. Prepare dough: In a large bowl, comb <END>
INPUT: pancakes, baking potatoes, onion, lemon juice, eggs, flour
OUTPUT: TITLE: Potato Pancakes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 large baking potatoes, peeled; 1 onion; 2 tablespoons lemon juice; 2 eggs; 1/2 cup flour; Salt and pepper, to taste | INSTRUCTIONS: Grate potato and onion together. Soak in water mixed with lemon juice to keep from browning. Strain well, mix in eggs, flour and salt and pepper. Form into small patties and fry in a hot skillet until golden brown on the outside and cook through. <END>
INPUT: American, all purpose flour, salt, unsalted butter, ice water mixed
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken Pot Pie | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 3 cups all-purpose flour; 2 teaspoons salt; 3 sticks frozen unsalted butter, cut into small bits; 1/2 cup ice water mixed with 2 tablespoons white vinegar; 1/2 stick unsalted butter; 1/3 cup all-purpose flour; 2 tablespoons chicken base (recommended: Knorr brand); 2 cups chicken stock; 1 cup heavy cream; 1 cup milk; 1 tablespoon ground sage; 1 teaspoon ground nutmeg; Salt; Freshly ground black pepper; 1 (8-ounce) box frozen green peas | INSTRUCTIONS: To make the crust: In a food processor, add the flour, salt and butter. Mix until the ingredients are combined. With the motor running, slowly add the water-vinegar mixture and mix until the dough begins to gather on itself. Dump out the dough and form 2 balls. Wrap in plastic and refrigerate for 30 minutes. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. In a large saucepan, heat the butter until foamy. Add the flour, and chicken base, whisking constantly until golden brown, 5 to 8 minutes. Remove from the heat and whisk in the stock, cream and milk. Put the pan back on low heat until the mixture has thic <END>
INPUT: Mexican, chips, Vegetable oil frying, Twelve corn tortillas, Fine salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tortilla Chips | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: Vegetable oil for frying; Twelve 6-inch corn tortillas (preferably white); Fine salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Pour the oil into a large heavy-bottomed pot to a depth of about 2 inches. Place a deep-frying thermometer in the pot. Heat the oil over medium heat to 360 degrees F. Meanwhile, stack the tortillas, and cut the pile into sixths to make chips. Raise the heat to high. Working in batches, fry the chips, turning them with a skimmer or slotted spoon, until golden brown, about 2 minutes. Using a slotted spoon, transfer the chips to a paper towel-lined pan to drain. (Return the oil to the proper temperature between batches.) Cool and season with salt. Serve. <END>
INPUT: olive oil, onion, handful mint, bay leaves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sausage and Radicchio Orecchiette | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons olive oil; 1/2 red onion, chopped fine; 1 handful fresh mint; 2 fresh bay leaves; 4 (6-ounce) pork sausage links, casings removed; 3/4 cup dry white wine; 1 handful walnuts, hand crushed; 2 cups orecchiette; 1/2 head radicchio, thinly sliced; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; Freshly grated Parmesan cheese, for seasoning | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat a pan over medium-high heat. Add the olive oil. Once hot, add the onion and the sausages and using a wooden spoon, break up the sausages into small pieces as you brown them. Add the mint and bay leaves and continue to cook. Once the sausage is golden brown, add the wine to the pan, and stir away, let the alcohol evaporate, then lower the flame and season with salt and pepper. Add the walnuts and let the sauce slowly simmer for about 5 to 10 minutes. Cook the pasta in a large pot of salted boiling water according to package directions for al dente. When ready to serve, add the radicchio to <END>
INPUT: opera, cake flour, eggs at minutes, almond flour, confectioners sugar, egg whites at
OUTPUT: TITLE: Opera Cake | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons cake flour (not self-rising), sifted after measuring, plus additional for dusting pan; 2 whole large eggs at room temperature for 30 minutes; 1 cup almond flour (3 1/2 oz) or 2/3 cup blanched whole almonds (see cooks' note, below); 1/2 cup confectioners sugar, sifted after measuring; 2 large egg whites at room temperature for 30 minutes; 1/8 teaspoon cream of tartar; 1/8 teaspoon salt; 1 tablespoon granulated sugar; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, foam discarded, and butter cooled; 1 teaspoon instant-espresso powder; 1/2 cup plus 1 tablespoon water; 1/2 cup granulated sugar; 1/4 cup Cognac or other brandy; 2 teaspoons instant-espresso powder; 1/4 cup plus 1 tablespoon water | INSTRUCTIONS: Make sponge cake: Put oven rack in middle position and preheat oven to 425°F. Butter baking pan, then line bottom with a sheet of parchment or wax paper, leaving a 1-inch overhang on short sides, and generously butter paper. Dust pan with cake flour, knocking out excess. Beat whole eggs in a large bowl with a handheld electric mixer at high speed until eggs have tripled in volume and form a ribbon when beaters are lifted, 2 to 3 minutes. Reduce speed to low, then add almond flour and confectioners sugar and mix until just combined. Resift cake flour over batter and gently fold in. Beat egg whi <END>
INPUT: Mexican, ceviche, fish stock clam, rock shrimp shrimp, serrano chiles, onion, cilantro
OUTPUT: TITLE: Shrimp Ceviche | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 4 cups fish stock or clam juice; 1 pound peeled rock shrimp or 1 1/4 pounds small shrimp, shell on; 1 - 2 serrano chiles, stemmed, seeded if desired and finely chopped; 1 small red onion, finely diced; 2 large bunches cilantro, stems trimmed and roughly chopped; 1/4 cup freshly squeezed lime juice; 1 teaspoon salt | INSTRUCTIONS: In large saucepan bring stock or clam juice to a boil. Add shrimp and cook, 30 seconds for rock shrimp, 1 minute for shelled shrimp. Strain, reserving the liquid, and spread shrimp on a baking sheet to cool. When cool enough to handle, peel shrimp if necessary. In large bowl place shrimp. Add all other ingredients along with 1 cup reserved cooking liquid. Mix well. Cover with plastic and chill thoroughly before serving. <END>
INPUT: tomatoes, canola oil, egg substitute, fine plain bread, tomato, Remoulade sauce
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fried Green Tomatoes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup canola oil; 1 cup egg substitute (recommended: Egg Beaters); 1 cup fine plain bread crumbs; 1 green tomato, sliced 1/4-inch thick; Remoulade sauce, accompaniment, optional; Shrimp, accompaniment, optional | INSTRUCTIONS: Pour the oil into a large heavy pan suitable for deep-frying and heat oil to 350 degrees F. Pour the egg substitute into a shallow bowl and place the bread crumbs into another shallow bowl. Dip the sliced green tomatoes into the egg substitute and then into the bread crumbs to lightly coat. To test if the oil is hot enough, add a pinch of the bread crumbs to the oil; if it bubbles to the top, then you are ready to fry. Carefully add tomatoes to the hot oil and cook on 1 side for 1 minute. Flip the tomatoes to cook on the reverse side for 1 minute. Remove tomatoes from the oil and drain on pape <END>
INPUT: rice, guise, kidney beans, porcini mushrooms, boiling water, olive oil, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Red Beans and Rice de Guise | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 1/2 cups dried red kidney beans, rinsed, picked over; 1/2 ounce dried porcini mushrooms*; 1 1/2 cups boiling water; 1 1/2 tablespoons olive oil; 1 large onion, chopped; 2 celery stalks, chopped; 1 large green bell pepper, chopped; 2 garlic cloves, crushed; 1/4 cup finely chopped fresh parsley; 2 1/2 tablespoons chopped fresh tarragon or 2 teaspoons dried, crumbled; 2 teaspoons minced fresh rosemary or 1 teaspoon dried, crumbled; 3 bay leaves; 3 ounces button mushrooms, sliced; 3 14 1/2-ounce cans beef broth; 4 cups water | INSTRUCTIONS: Place beans in large bowl with enough cold water to cover by 3 inches. Let stand overnight. Drain beans. Place dried mushrooms in bowl and pour 1 1/2 cups boiling water over. Soak until softened, about 15 minutes. Transfer mushrooms to bowl using slotted spoon. Strain soaking liquid through sieve lined with paper towel; reserve. Thinly slice mushrooms. Heat oil in heavy large pot over medium heat. Add onion, celery, bell pepper, garlic, 1/4 cup parsley, tarragon, rosemary and bay leaves. Cook until vegetables are translucent, stirring occasionally, about 10 minutes. Add button mushrooms and sa <END>
INPUT: smoothie, milk, pumpkin puree, yogurt, maple syrup, pumpkin pie spice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pumpkin Smoothie | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup milk; 1/2 cup pumpkin puree; 1/2 cup yogurt; 1 tablespoon maple syrup; 1/4 teaspoon pumpkin pie spice or cinnamon; Splash vanilla; 1 frozen banana | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Combine the milk, pumpkin puree, yogurt, maple syrup, pie spice, vanilla and banana in a blender and blend until combined. <END>
INPUT: mashed, russet potatoes, Kosher salt, leeks, butter, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Leek Mashed Potatoes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 pounds russet potatoes; Kosher salt; 2 leeks, white parts only; 6 tablespoons butter; Freshly ground black pepper; 1 cup milk; 1 tablespoon chopped garlic; 2 sprigs fresh thyme | INSTRUCTIONS: Peel the potatoes and cut them into 1-inch pieces. Put them into a large pot of cold water. Add a big pinch of salt and put the pot over high heat. When it comes to a boil, cook until the potatoes are just cooked through, about 20 minutes. While the potatoes are cooking, slice the leeks into small pieces and thoroughly wash to remove any dirt. Put a medium skillet over medium-low heat and add 2 tablespoons butter. When the butter is melted, add the leeks and season with salt and pepper. Cook the leeks until they are very soft, being careful not to let them color or burn, about 20 minutes. Drai <END>
INPUT: Italian, ravioli, all purpose flour, eggs egg yolks, olive oil, water, Kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pea and Goat Cheese Stuffed Ravioli | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 3 3/4 cups all-purpose flour; 4 large eggs plus 2 egg yolks; 1/4 cup olive oil; 2 tablespoons water; Kosher salt; 3 cups frozen peas, thawed; 2 cups goat cheese; 1 cup grated Parmigiano-Reggiano, plus more for garnish; 4 large eggs; Kosher salt; All-purpose flour, for dusting; Semolina flour, for dusting; 1 1/2 cups chicken stock; 2 sticks (1 cup) unsalted butter; Pea tendrils | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: a pastry bag; a fluted ring cutter or fluted pasta roller For the dough: Mound the flour on a clean, dry work surface and make a big hole in the center of the pile. Crack the eggs into the hole along with the extra yolks, olive oil, water and some salt. Using a fork, beat the eggs. Incorporate the flour, a little at a time, into the egg mixture, being careful not to break the well (or the egg mixture will run everywhere). When enough flour is incorporated that you can handle the dough, use your hands to combine everything really well. (If the mixture is tight and dry, wet yo <END>
INPUT: American, meat, loaf, breadcrumbs made from, onion, eggs, parsley
OUTPUT: TITLE: Meat Loaf with Barbecue Sauce | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound lean (15% fat) ground beef; 1 1/2 cups fresh breadcrumbs made from French bread; 1 cup chopped onion; 2 large eggs; 1/3 cup chopped fresh parsley; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/2 teaspoon ground black pepper; 1 1/4 cups bottled barbecue sauce | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350 °F. Combine first 7 ingredients in bowl. Add 3/4 cup barbecue sauce; mix until just blended. Pack mixture into 8 1/2x4 1/2x2 1/2-inch metal loaf pan. Spread remaining 1/2 cup sauce over top. Bake meat loaf until top feels firm and thermometer inserted into center registers 160é, about 1 hour 10 minutes. Let stand 15 minutes. Slice meat loaf thickly and serve. Preheat oven to 350 °F. Combine first 7 ingredients in bowl. Add 3/4 cup barbecue sauce; mix until just blended. Pack mixture into 8 1/2x4 1/2x2 1/2-inch metal loaf pan. Spread remaining 1/2 cup sauce over top. Bake me <END>
INPUT: Italian, cookies, ricotta, granulated sugar, unsalted butter, egg, all purpose flour
OUTPUT: TITLE: Orange Ricotta Cookies | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups ricotta; 2 cups granulated sugar; 2 sticks unsalted butter; 1 large egg; 4 cups all-purpose flour; 1 tablespoon baking powder; 2 teaspoons vanilla extract; Zest of 1 large orange; 1 1/4 cups confectioners' sugar; 1/4 cup milk | INSTRUCTIONS: Cream together the ricotta, granulated sugar, butter and egg and in the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment. Add the flour, baking powder, vanilla and orange zest and mix on low until a smooth dough forms. Refrigerate until firm, 1 hour. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F, and line 2 baking sheets with parchment paper or silicone baking mats. Scoop tablespoon-sized balls of dough and arrange them 2 inches apart on the prepared baking sheets. Bake, rotating halfway through, 15 minutes. Let cool on baking sheets, 20 minutes. In a small bowl, whisk together the confectioners' s <END>
INPUT: Italian, salad, olive oil, wine, peppercorns, basil, oregano
OUTPUT: TITLE: Smoked Mozzarella and Sun-Dried Tomato Salad | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 2/3 cup olive oil; 1/4 cup dry white wine; 12 peppercorns; 1/2 teaspoon dried basil; 1/2 teaspoon dried oregano; 1 bay leaf; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/4 pound sun-dried tomatoes; 1/2 pound smoked mozzarella, cut into cubes; 6 large romaine leaves; 1/2 pound small white radishes, peeled; 2 red bell peppers, cut crosswise into 1/4-inch rings; 1 cup pitted black olives; 1 cup drained bottled pepperoncini (Tuscan peppers); Parley sprigs for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: In a heavy saucepan bring to a boil the olive oil and the wine with the cheesecloth bag and the salt over moderate heat, stir in the tomatoes, and simmer the mixture for 7 minutes, or until the tomatoes are softened. Remove the pan from the heat, let the mixture stand, covered, for 30 minutes, and discard the cheesecloth bag. Drain the mixture, reserving the steeping liquid as a salad dressing, and in a bowl combine the tomatoes with the mozzarella. Arrange the romaine leaves decoratively on a platter, top them with the tomato-mozzarella mixture, and arrange the radishes, red peppers, olives,  <END>
INPUT: Asian, rice, ginger, soy sauce, chili sauce, ketchup, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Scallops and Rice Noodles | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 tablespoon ginger; 3 tablespoons soy sauce; 1/3 cup chili sauce; 1/4 cup ketchup; 1/2 cup brown sugar; 3/4 teaspoon garlic salt; 1/3 cup clam juice, as needed; 1/2 cup vegetable oil, plus 2 more cups for frying noodles; 24 dry scallops; 2 teaspoons cornstarch; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 7 carrots, cut into thin sticks; 1/4 cup sweet red pepper strips; 1/4 cup broccoli florets; 2 onions, finely chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: Into a bowl, mix together ginger, soy sauce, chili sauce, ketchup, brown sugar, garlic salt and 1/3 cup clam juice, until smooth. Reserve. Preheat a wok with 2 tablespoons of the oil. Coat scallops with cornstarch and add to the wok. Stir-fry scallops for approximately 1 minute and sprinkle with salt and pepper, to taste. Stir in reserved ginger mixture cook for 1 to 2 minutes more. Remove scallops from sauce arrange on a serving dish. Reserve the sauce separately. Heat the remaining 1 tablespoon oil in the wok and add the carrot sticks, sweet pepper strips, broccoli florets and chopped onions <END>
INPUT: Italian, sliders, virgin olive oil, garlic, oregano, pepper flakes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Polenta Sliders | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: Nonstick cooking spray; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 2 large cloves garlic, finely chopped; 1 teaspoon dried oregano; 1/4 teaspoon red pepper flakes; One 24-ounce tube prepared polenta, sliced into sixteen 1/3-inch thick slices; 2 medium tomatoes, cut into eight 1/4-inch thick slices; 2 small red onions, sliced into eight 1/4-inch thick rounds; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 12 ounces lean ground beef; 24 fresh basil leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: Parchment paper Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Line 2 baking sheets with parchment paper and coat with nonstick cooking spray. Combine the oil, garlic, oregano and pepper flakes in a small bowl. Arrange the polenta, tomato and onion slices on the prepared baking sheets. Brush the tops of the polenta and vegetables with the herbed oil. Sprinkle the vegetables with 1/4 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of pepper. Roast until the vegetables are soft and beginning to caramelize, about 25 minutes. Gently combine the ground beef with 1/2 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of pepper i <END>
INPUT: Mexican, burrito, verde, olive oil, onion, garlic, cumin, low sodium beans
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken and Bean Burrito Verde | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 4 teaspoons olive oil; 1 small onion, diced; 2 cloves of garlic, minced; 1/2 teaspoon ground cumin; 1 15-ounce can of low-sodium white beans, rinsed and drained; 1/2 cup low-sodium chicken broth; 1/2 teaspoon, plus a pinch, of salt; 2 cups lightly packed shredded romaine lettuce (about 3 large leaves); 1/3 cup fresh cilantro leaves; 2 teaspoons fresh lime juice; Freshly ground black pepper; 4 whole wheat flour tortillas (about 9 inches in diameter); 2 cups shredded cooked chicken, skinless (a breast and thigh of a rotisserie chicken); 1 jalapeno finely diced; 1/2 ripe avocado, thinly sliced | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Heat 2 teaspoons of the oil in a medium skillet. Add the onion and cook until translucent, about 3 minutes. Add the garlic and cumin and cook for 30 seconds more. Add the beans, broth and 1/2 teaspoon of salt and cook until warmed through, about 2 minutes. Transfer the bean mixture to the small bowl of a food processor and process until smooth. Put the lettuce, cilantro, the remaining 2 teaspoons of oil, lime juice, a pinch of salt and a few turns of pepper in a medium bowl and toss to coat. Wrap the tortillas in paper towel and heat in the microwave for 30 secon <END>
INPUT: veal shoulder, garlic, rosemary, thyme, virgin olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Porcini Roasted Veal Shoulder | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 boneless 3-4 pound veal shoulder; 4 garlic cloves; 3 sprigs of rosemary, leaves; 3 sprigs of thyme, leaves; Extra-virgin olive oil; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 ounce dried porcinis; 1 recipe Roasted Fennel and Potatoes, recipe follows; 3 pounds Yukon gold potatoes, cut into 1-inch pieces; 3 pounds fennel bulb, cut into wedges through the root; 1 head of garlic, broken into cloves; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; Extra-virgin olive oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 375 degrees. Tie the veal shoulder up into a nice round roast. In a blender, combine porcinis, and blend until you have a powder. Add garlic, rosemary, thyme, salt and pepper and blend again. Drizzle veal with olive oil then rub all over with powder. Brown veal roast in a heavy-based skillet over high heat all over - about 2 minutes per side. Using tongs, transfer to the rack of a preheated oven (have a tray below to catch any drippings) and roast for about 2 hours - internal temp should read 125-130 degrees F. Pre-heat oven to 350 degrees F. Place a large roasting tray into th <END>
INPUT: rice, water, olive oil, onion, beef
OUTPUT: TITLE: Stuffed Peppers | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup rice; 1 1/2 cups water; 1/4 cup olive oil; 1 large onion, peeled and finely chopped; 6 ounces ground beef; 1 clove garlic, finely chopped; 2 cups crushed tomatoes; Salt and pepper; 1 teaspoon thyme; 1 teaspoon oregano; 4 red or green bell peppers | INSTRUCTIONS: In a 2 cup measuring cup combine rice and water and cover tightly with plastic wrap. Cook at 100 percent power for 4 minutes. Heat oil in 2 quart casserole dish uncovered for 2 minutes. Stir in onions and crumbled beef and cook uncovered for 5 minutes stirring once. Drain off most of fat, leaving 2 to 3 tablespoons in dish. Add 1 1/2 cups tomatoes, garlic, thyme and oregano and drained rice and stir to combine. Slice off tops of 4 green or red bell peppers and remove seeds. Divide stuffing among the peppers and replace tops of peppers. Place peppers in baking dish. Combine 1/2 cup crushed toma <END>
INPUT: Italian, ratatouille, onion, garlic, olive oil, zucchini
OUTPUT: TITLE: Ratatouille with Penne | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 onion, sliced thinly; 2 garlic cloves, minced; 5 tablespoons olive oil; 1 (3/4-pound) eggplant, cut into 1/2-inch pieces (about 3 cups); 1 small zucchini, scrubbed, quartered lengthwise, and cut into thin slices; 1 red bell pepper, chopped; 3/4 pound small ripe tomatoes, chopped coarsely (about 1 1/4 cups); 1/4 teaspoon dried oregano, crumbled; 1/4 teaspoon dried thyme, crumbled; 1/8 teaspoon ground coriander; 1/4 teaspoon fennel seeds; 3/4 teaspoon salt; 1/2 cup shredded fresh basil leaves; 1 pound penne pasta | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large skillet cook the onion and the garlic in 2 tablespoons of the oil over moderately low heat, stirring occasionally, until the onion is softened. Add the remaining 3 tablespoons oil and heat it over moderately high heat until it is hot but not smoking. Add the eggplant and cook the mixture, stirring occasionally, for 8 minutes, or until the eggplant is softened. Stir in the zucchini and the bell pepper and cook the mixture over the moderate heat, stirring occasionally, for 5 to 7 minutes, or until the vegetables are tender. Stir in the oregano, thyme, coriander, and fennel seeds. Add  <END>
INPUT: Asian, vegetable, rolls, cellophane noodles, sesame oil, garlic, ginger, chicken breast halves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken and Vegetable Spring Rolls | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 3 ounces cellophane noodles; 2 teaspoons sesame oil; 2 cloves garlic, minced; 2 teaspoons minced fresh ginger; 2 cooked chicken breast halves, diced (about 2 cups); 1 cup shredded carrots; 1 cup shredded cabbage; 2 tablespoons reduced-sodium soy sauce; 2 tablespoons freshly chopped scallions; 12 spring roll wrappers; Lettuce leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: Soak cellophane noodles in hot water for 10 minutes, until tender. Heat oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Add garlic and ginger and cook 1 minute. Add chicken, carrots, cabbage, and soy sauce and cook 2 minutes, until vegetables wilt. Stir in noodles and scallions and toss to combine. Arrange spring roll wrappers on a flat surface. Top each wrapper with an equal amount of chicken mixture across the center (from point to point). Roll up bottom point, tuck in sides and roll up. Using moistened fingers, wet the last point and roll up to seal. Arrange lettuce leaves in the bottom of a  <END>
INPUT: crunch, Parmesan cheese, salted cashews, Zest lemon, garlic powder, Kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Broccoli and Cashew Crunch | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup grated Parmesan cheese; 1/4 cup salted cashews, lightly chopped; Zest of 1 lemon; 1/4 teaspoon garlic powder; Kosher salt; 1 pound fresh broccoli, florets removed and separated; 2 tablespoons melted butter; Freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. In a small bowl combine Parmesan cheese, cashews, lemon zest, garlic powder, and pinch of salt, and set aside. Place the broccoli on a baking sheet. Drizzle with butter and toss. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Roast in the oven until broccoli begins to caramelize, about 20 minutes. Remove, and toss the broccoli with the cashew mixture. Serve warm. <END>
INPUT: distilled vinegar, rice vinegar, water, sugar, gingerroot
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pickled Carrots, Turnips, and Peppers | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup distilled white vinegar; 1 cup rice vinegar (available at specialty foods shops, Asian markets, and many supermarkets); 2 3/4 cups water; 2/3 cup sugar; 8 slices of peeled fresh gingerroot, each the size of a quarter, crushed lightly with the flat side of a knife; 2 garlic cloves, crushed lightly; 1 tablespoon dill seeds; 1 tablespoon celery seeds; 1 tablespoon salt; 1 teaspoon mustard seeds; 1 teaspoon Dijon-style mustard; 8 black peppercorns; 4 carrots, cut into 3 1/2-by 1/3-inch sticks; 2 turnips (about 3/4 pound), peeled and cut into 3 1/2 by 1/3-inch sticks; 2 red bell peppers, cut into 3 1/2-by 1/3-inch strips | INSTRUCTIONS: In a saucepan bring the vinegars and the water to a boil with the sugar, the gingerroot, the garlic, the dill seeds, the celery seeds, the salt, the mustard, and the peppercorns and simmer the mixture, stirring occasionally, for 3 minutes, or until the sugar is dissolved. Put the carrots, the turnips, and the bell peppers in a heatproof container, pour the vinegar mixture over them, covering them completely, and chill the vegetables, covered, overnight. The vegetables keep, covered and chilled, for 1 week. In a saucepan bring the vinegars and the water to a boil with the sugar, the gingerroot, <END>
INPUT: sandwiches, piece rosemary focaccia, figs, slice prosciutto, handful arugula, Olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fig and Prosciutto Sandwiches | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 piece rosemary focaccia; 3 fresh figs, cut in thin rounds; 1 slice prosciutto; 1 handful washed arugula; Olive oil; Freshly ground pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Slice focaccia horizontally. Place layer of figs on 1 piece of focaccia. Top with a slice of prosciutto, and a handful of arugula. Sprinkle with olive oil and season with pepper. Press firmly on sandwich to flatten. Cut in half and serve. <END>
INPUT: meatballs, virgin olive oil, onion, broken up bread, milk, turkey meat
OUTPUT: TITLE: Turkey Meatballs | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1 small onion, diced (about 3/4 cup); 2 cups dry broken-up white bread; 1 cup milk; 1 pound ground turkey meat; 2 large eggs, well beaten; 2 tablespoons freshly chopped parsley leaves; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 1/2 cup golden raisins, hydrated in warm water; 1/2 cup pine nuts, slightly toasted; Flour; 1 cup vegetable oil | INSTRUCTIONS: In a heated skillet add olive oil and onions. Slightly cook them for about 5 minutes (we want the onions softened not colored). Place into a bowl and let cool. Take the 2 cups of broken up bread and place into a bowl with the milk. Let the bread soak for 5 minutes. Squeeze and drain the bread then place it into a large mixing bowl. Add the turkey meat, beaten eggs, chopped parsley, salt, black pepper, golden raisins and toasted pine nuts. Fold all ingredients together. Do not over work the turkey meat. Fill a Dutch oven with vegetable oil and place on low heat. Dust a baking sheet with about a <END>
INPUT: Mexican, bowl, cilantro, jalapeno pepper, almonds, Kosher salt, vegetable oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Kale-Turkey Rice Bowl | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 bunch cilantro, tough stems removed; 1 jalapeno pepper, halved (remove seeds for less heat); 3 tablespoons sliced almonds; Kosher salt; 1 tablespoon vegetable oil; 1 pound 93 percent lean ground turkey; 1 onion, finely chopped; 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped; 1 teaspoon ground cumin; 1/2 pound red-skinned potatoes, cut into 1/2-inch pieces; 1 5-ounce package chopped kale (about 6 cups packed); 2 1/2 cups cooked white or brown rice | INSTRUCTIONS: Puree all but 3 tablespoons cilantro with 1/2 cup water, the jalapeno, almonds and 1/4 teaspoon salt in a blender until smooth. Heat the vegetable oil in a large pot or Dutch oven over medium-high heat. Add the turkey and 1/2 teaspoon salt; cook, stirring and breaking up the meat with a wooden spoon, until browned, about 4 minutes. Add the onion, garlic and cumin and cook, stirring occasionally, until softened, about 6 minutes. Stir in 1 1/2 cups water, the pureed cilantro mixture, the potatoes and kale. Cover and bring to a boil, then uncover and reduce the heat to medium. Simmer, stirring oc <END>
INPUT: coulis, cantaloupe, sugar, lemon juice, mint leaves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cantaloupe with Coulis | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 large ripe cantaloupe; 1 tablespoon sugar, or to taste; 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, or to taste; Garnish: small mint leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: Cut melon in half and scoop seeds and enough juicy flesh from center to measure 3/4 cup. Purée in a blender with sugar and lemon juice until seeds are almost completely ground and mixture is creamy, about 2 minutes. Strain through a fine-mesh sieve into a bowl, pressing on and then discarding solids. Meanwhile, cut melon into 6 wedges and remove skin. Cut each wedge into thin slices and serve drizzled with coulis. Cut melon in half and scoop seeds and enough juicy flesh from center to measure 3/4 cup. Purée in a blender with sugar and lemon juice until seeds are almost completely ground and mi <END>
INPUT: fat, onion shallot, quinoa, liquid, herbs
OUTPUT: TITLE: Quinoa Pilaf | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons fat (recommended: butter, olive oil, or vegetable oil); 1/2 onion or 1 shallot, diced; 1 cup quinoa; 2 cups liquid (recommended: water, broth, stock, etc.); Fresh herbs, spices, or seasonings; Salt and freshly ground black pepper, to taste; Quinoa Pilaf Variations, recipes follow | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat the fat in a heavy-bottomed saucepan over medium-high heat. Saute the onion until translucent and fragrant. Add the quinoa and stir to coat. Add the liquid and bring to a simmer for about 20 minutes, until the liquid is absorbed and the quinoa is tender. Combine with the herbs, spices, or seasonings and season with salt, and pepper, to taste. Quinoa Pilaf Variations: Coconut-Lime Quinoa: Cook the quinoa in 1 cup coconut milk and 1 cup chicken broth. Season the quinoa with fresh lime zest and lime juice. Mediterranean Quinoa: When the quinoa has finished cooking, add chopped fresh parsley, <END>
INPUT: French, chicken legs, kosher salt, pepper, country style Dijon, vegetable oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cider-Braised Chicken With Apples and Kale | CUISINE: French | INGREDIENTS: 4 chicken legs (thigh and drumstick; about 3 pounds); 1 1/2 teaspoons kosher salt, divided; 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 1/4 cup plus 1 teaspoon country-style Dijon mustard; 3 tablespoons vegetable oil; 2 pink-skinned apples, cut into 1/2" wedges; 1/2 medium red onion, cut into 1/2" wedges; 1 cup dry white wine; 1 1/2 cups fresh apple cider, divided; 1 large or 2 small bunches curly kale (about 1 pound), stemmed, torn into pieces; 1/4 cup heavy cream; 1 teaspoon fresh lemon juice; 3 tablespoons tarragon leaves (optional) | INSTRUCTIONS: Arrange rack in upper third of oven; preheat to 450°F. Season chicken all over with 1 tsp. salt and 1/2 tsp. pepper, then rub with 1/4 cup mustard, making sure to get mustard under skin. Heat 2 Tbsp. oil in a large heatproof high-sided skillet or heavy braising pan over medium-high. Sear chicken, skin side down, until golden-brown, about 8 minutes. Turn chicken, then arrange apples and onion around chicken. Add wine and 1 cup cider, then transfer to oven and roast until an instant-read thermometer inserted into thickest part of thigh registers 165°F, about 20 minutes. Meanwhile, heat remaining <END>
INPUT: punch, cornstarch, water, milk, peanut butter, Sugar taste
OUTPUT: TITLE: Peanut Punch | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons cornstarch; 1/2 cup water; 2 cups milk; 6 tablespoons peanut butter; Sugar to taste | INSTRUCTIONS: Mix cornstarch and water in a small saucepan, add milk, peanut butter, and sugar to taste. Cook over moderate heat, stirring with a whisk until thoroughly smooth and thick. Cool and refrigerate before serving. Serve in tumblers or goblets with or without ice. Mix cornstarch and water in a small saucepan, add milk, peanut butter, and sugar to taste. Cook over moderate heat, stirring with a whisk until thoroughly smooth and thick. Cool and refrigerate before serving. Serve in tumblers or goblets with or without ice. <END>
INPUT: brown, tops, radishes, olive oil, Coarse kosher salt, lemon juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Radishes with Brown Butter, Lemon, and Radish Tops | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 bunches medium radishes (such as red, pink, and purple; about 20); 1 1/2 tablespoons olive oil; Coarse kosher salt; 2 tablespoons (1/4 stick) unsalted butter; 1 teaspoon fresh lemon juice | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 450°F. Brush large heavy-duty rimmed baking sheet with olive oil. Cut off all but 1/2 inch of green radish tops; reserve trimmed tops and rinse them well, checking for grit. Coarsely chop radish tops and set aside. Cut radishes lengthwise in half and place in medium bowl. Add 1 1/2 tablespoons olive oil and toss thoroughly to coat. Place radishes, cut side down, on prepared baking sheet; sprinkle lightly with coarse salt. Roast until radishes are crisp-tender, stirring occasionally, about 18 minutes. Season to taste with more coarse kosher salt, if desired. Melt butter in heavy <END>
INPUT: orzo, olive oil, balsamic vinegar, sugar, asparagus
OUTPUT: TITLE: Orzo with Asparagus, Artichoke, Tomato and Truffle Oil | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound orzo; 3 tablespoons olive oil; 1 cup balsamic vinegar; 1 1/2 tablespoons sugar; 1 pound asparagus; 6 artichokes, cleaned and halved; 1/2 cup plus 1 tablespoon butter; 4 tablespoons chopped garlic; 1/2 cup white wine; 1 cup vegetable stock; 1 pint cherry tomatoes, halved; 1 cup grated Parmesan; Salt and pepper; 6 tablespoons truffle oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook the orzo in boiling salted water until al dente. Rinse in cool water and toss in olive oil. Set aside. In a small sauce pan, cook balsamic vinegar and sugar and reduce it to a syrup consistency. Set aside. Cut the asparagus tips from the stems. Blanch the tips on boiling salted water. Set aside. Coarsely chop the asparagus stems in a food processor. Set aside. Put the artichokes on a hot grill and cook until brown. Saute butter, garlic, and asparagus in a large pan for 2 minutes. Add wine, vegetable stock, and orzo. Cook until the pasta is hot and the liquid has been absorbed. Saute aspar <END>
INPUT: Mexican, slaw, mayonnaise, buttermilk, kosher salt, light agave, cumin
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chayote Slaw with Cumin and Lime | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup mayonnaise; 2 tablespoons buttermilk; 2 teaspoons kosher salt; 1 teaspoon light agave; 1 teaspoon ground cumin; Juice and zest of 1/2 lime; Freshly ground black pepper; 3 chayote, peeled, cored and julienned; 2 carrots, peeled and julienned; 1 small red onion, finely sliced; 1 red bell pepper, stemmed, seeded and julienned; 1/4 cup finely sliced scallions (on the bias) | INSTRUCTIONS: In a small bowl, add the mayonnaise, buttermilk, 1 teaspoon of the salt, the agave, cumin, lime juice, zest and 4 to 5 turns pepper. Whisk to combine and set aside. In a medium bowl, add the chayote and the remaining 1 teaspoon salt, then toss to mix and place on a paper-towel-lined baking sheet for 10 minutes. In a large bowl, add the drained chayote, carrots, onions, bell peppers and scallions. Pour the dressing over the vegetables and mix to combine. Serve immediately or cover and refrigerate until ready to use. <END>
INPUT: American, sweet potatoes, virgin olive oil, granulated garlic powder, reduced sodium tamari, Worcestershire sauce
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sweet Potato Avocado Burger | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 pounds sweet potatoes; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1 tablespoon granulated garlic powder; 2 tablespoons reduced-sodium tamari soy sauce; 3 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce (omit for vegan); 1/4 yellow onion, roughly chopped; 1 cup chickpeas (garbanzo beans), rinsed and drained; 1 1/4 cups organic rolled oats; 3/4 cup raw walnuts, crushed; 3/4 cup flaxseed meal; 2 tablespoons unrefined coconut oil; Whole-wheat or gluten-free buns; 2 ripe avocados, thinly sliced (2 to 3 slices per burger); 1 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce (per burger; omit for vegan); 1/4 red onion, thinly sliced | INSTRUCTIONS: For cooking: Wash and pat your sweet potatoes dry. Cut the sweet potatoes into small 1-inch cubes. Roast the sweet potato cubes with 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, 1 tablespoon granulated garlic powder, and 1/2 teaspoon salt. Place onto a sheet tray and roast at 375° F for approximately 40 minutes, remove from the oven, and cool slightly. In a food processor, add the roasted/cooked sweet potato, tamari soy sauce, and Worcestershire sauce; pulse to combine. Add the onion and chickpeas and pulse until fully combined, periodically stopping the food processor and using a spatula or wooden s <END>
INPUT: strudel, unsalted butter, bananas, fine quality bittersweet, egg
OUTPUT: TITLE: Banana Chocolate Strudel | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 (17 by 12-inch) phyllo sheets, covered with 2 overlapping pieces plastic wrap and then a damp kitchen towel; 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted; 2 firm-ripe bananas; 2 ounces fine-quality bittersweet chocolate (not unsweetened), finely chopped; 1 large egg, beaten with 1 teaspoon water; Confectioners' sugar, for dusting; Lightly sweetened whipped cream, as an accompaniment | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 425 degrees F. Arrange 1 phyllo sheet on a work surface with a short side of phyllo nearest you, keeping remaining sheets covered, and brush with some butter. Top phyllo with 3 more sheets of phyllo, brushing each with butter. Arrange bananas 1 above the other, horizontally, on lower third of phyllo, leaving a 1-inch border on both sides (trim bananas if too long). Sprinkle chocolate over bananas, then fold sides of phyllo toward middle (over ends of bananas). Fold bottom edge of phyllo over bananas and roll up bananas in phyllo. Transfer strudel, seam side down, to a baking sh <END>
INPUT: American, bacon, wine vinegar, Dijon mustard, olive oil, mixed baby greens
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mixed Greens with Crispy Bacon, Goat Cheese, and Fried Egg | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 4 thick bacon slices, coarsely chopped; 1 tablespoon red wine vinegar; 1/2 teaspoon Dijon mustard; 3 tablespoons olive oil; 6 cups mixed baby greens; 4 ounces soft fresh goat cheese, crumbled; 4 large eggs; 2 tablespoons water | INSTRUCTIONS: Sauté bacon in heavy large skillet over medium heat until brown and crisp, about 8 minutes. Using slotted spoon, transfer bacon to paper towels to drain. Pour off and discard all but 1 tablespoon drippings from skillet. Whisk vinegar and mustard in large bowl to blend. Whisk in oil. Season dressing to taste with salt and pepper. Transfer 1 tablespoon dressing to small bowl; set aside. Add greens to large bowl with dressing; toss to coat. Divide greens among 4 plates. Scatter goat cheese and bacon pieces over each salad. Heat drippings in same skillet over medium heat. Gently break eggs into sk <END>
INPUT: spirals, vinaigrette, Roquefort, unsalted butter, cream cheese, Belgian endives, Dijon mustard
OUTPUT: TITLE: Endive and Roquefort Spirals with Creamy Walnut Vinaigrette | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 cup Roquefort; 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened; 3 ounces cream cheese, softened; 2 large Belgian endives; 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard; 2 tablespoons white wine vinegar; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 tablespoons walnut oil; 1/4 cup vegetable oil; 1 small shallot, minced; 2 tablespoons finely chopped toasted walnuts; 4 fresh watercress sprigs; 1/2 McIntosh apple | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine the Roquefort, butter, and cream cheese in a food processor and blend until smooth. You should have about 3/4 cup. To make the salad, cut 1/4-inch from the bottom of the endives and peel away the outer leaves. (Reserve the inner core for another use.) Spread each leaf with a 1/4-inch-thick layer of Roquefort mixture and press the leaves back together to reconstruct the shape of the whole endive. Wrap in plastic wrap and refrigerate until well chilled, about 1 1/2 hours. To prepare the dressing, whisk the mustard with the vinegar, salt, and pepper in a small bowl. Add the oils in a slow <END>
INPUT: warm, leaf, unsalted butter, bay leaves, lemon juice, orange juice, light sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Warm Bananas with Brown Sugar and Bay Leaf | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 tablespoons unsalted butter; 2 bay leaves; 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 1 cup fresh orange juice; 1 cup packed light brown sugar; 2 tablespoons brandy; Pinch salt; 6 ripe bananas, peeled and cut on the bias into 1/3-inch slices (about 1 quart); 1/4 to 1/2 teaspoon fresh coarsely ground black pepper; Store bought chocolate cake or ice cream, for serving | INSTRUCTIONS: In large skillet over high heat, melt the butter and cook until it browns, about 3 minutes. Add the bay leaves and stand back (it may pop). Add the lemon juice, orange juice, brown sugar, brandy, and a pinch of salt. Bring the mixture up to a boil. Stir and cook until the liquid has reduced by half and it has reached a syrupy consistency, about 5 minutes. Remove the pan from the heat. Add the bananas and pepper. Stir to coat the bananas evenly. Serve immediately spooned over cake or ice cream. Cooking Notes: You can make the sauce hours ahead of time. Just add the fruit after you bring the sau <END>
INPUT: yellow, vegetable oil, shallot, garlic, jasmine rice basmati, low salt chicken
OUTPUT: TITLE: Yellow Rice | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 teaspoons vegetable oil; 2 tablespoons chopped shallot; 1 garlic clove, chopped; 1 1/2 cups jasmine rice or basmati rice, well rinsed; 2 1/4 cups low-salt chicken broth; 1 teaspoon (scant) salt; 1/2 teaspoon (scant) turmeric | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat oil in heavy medium saucepan over medium-high heat. Add shallot and garlic; saute until just beginning to brown, about 2 minutes. Add rice, broth, salt, and turmeric. Bring rice to boil. Reduce heat to medium-low, cover, and simmer until rice is tender and liquid is absorbed, about 18 minutes. Heat oil in heavy medium saucepan over medium-high heat. Add shallot and garlic; saute until just beginning to brown, about 2 minutes. Add rice, broth, salt, and turmeric. Bring rice to boil. Reduce heat to medium-low, cover, and simmer until rice is tender and liquid is absorbed, about 18 minutes. <END>
INPUT: halibut fillets, rice vermicelli noodles, dill, scallions, roasted peanuts
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fish Vermicelli with Fresh Dill and Pineapple Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 pounds halibut fillets; 8 ounces rice vermicelli noodles; 1 cup fresh dill, leaves picked from stems; 1 cup finely sliced scallions; 4 tablespoons chopped roasted peanuts; 1/2 cup canola oil; 2 tablespoons fish sauce (nam pla); 1 teaspoon ground turmeric; 1/2 cup cubed fresh pineapple; 2 garlic cloves; 1 Thai chile; 2 teaspoons fresh lime juice; 1 tablespoon sugar; 1/2 cup fish sauce (nam pla) | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. In a medium-size bowl, mix the marinade ingredients together. Cut the halibut into 1 1/2-inch-long pieces. Add the fish to the marinade and toss well. Set aside for 30 minutes. 2. Bring a large pot of water to a boil. Meanwhile, in a blender, blend the pineapple sauce ingredients until smooth. 3. When the water is boiling, add the vermicelli and stir. Cook until the noodles are soft but not mushy, 1 to 2 minutes. (Or just soak the noodles in a bowl of hot water for 4 to 5 minutes.) Drain well and divide among 4 plates; set aside. 4. Heat a large sauté pan over high heat. When the pan is hot <END>
INPUT: Mexican, vegetable oil, Kosher salt, cilantro, lime
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lime-and-Cilantro-Stuffed Black Bass | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, plus more for grill; 1 (1 1/2–2-pounds) whole black bass or branzino, cleaned; Kosher salt, freshly ground pepper; 1 bunch cilantro, divided; 1 lime, thinly sliced, seeds removed, divided | INSTRUCTIONS: Prepare grill for medium-high heat; oil grate. Season bass inside and out with salt and pepper. Stuff bass with half of cilantro and half of lime slices; tie closed with kitchen twine, spacing 2" apart (this will hold the stuffing in and make it easier to turn fish on the grill). Grill bass undisturbed until skin is charred and crisp and flesh of bottom fillet is flaky and opaque, 6–10 minutes, depending on size of fish. Place a metal spatula underneath bass and brace with tongs on top for support, then lift and gently roll it over onto the other side. Cook until flesh of other fillet is flaky <END>
INPUT: grapeseed oil, Four halibut fillets, salt, pepper, thyme
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pan Seared Halibut with Roasted Heirloom Tomatoes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons grapeseed oil; Four 6-ounce halibut fillets; 1 tablespoon salt; 1 tablespoon cracked black pepper; 2 sprigs fresh thyme; 1 lemon, juiced; 1 tablespoon olive oil; 1 1/2 cups halved heirloom tomatoes; 1 teaspoon chopped garlic; 2 tablespoons freshly chopped parsley leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large saute pan over medium-high heat, add the grapeseed oil. Season the fish with salt and pepper and add to the pan. Sear the fish for 3 to 4 minutes on each side. Add the thyme and juice of 1/2 a lemon and baste the fish with the sauce. Remove the halibut from the pan to a serving platter. Add the olive oil to the pan and stir in the tomatoes, the garlic and the juice of 1/2 a lemon. Cook for 2 minutes and then add the parsley. Stir to combine and serve on top of the fish. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, layered, casserole, vegetable oil, zucchini, onion, spinach leaves, kernel corn
OUTPUT: TITLE: Layered Vegetable Enchilada Casserole | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon vegetable oil; 2 small zucchini, diced (about 2 cups); 1 large onion, chopped (about 1 cup); 2 cups packed coarsely chopped fresh spinach leaves; 1 cup frozen whole kernel corn; 2 1/3 cups prepared enchilada sauce; 12 corn tortillas (6-inch); 2 cups shredded Monterey Jack cheese (about 8 ounces); Chopped fresh cilantro leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat the oven to 350 degrees F. Heat the oil in a 10-inch skillet over medium-high heat. Add the zucchini and onion and cook for 5 minutes or until they're tender. Stir in the spinach and corn. Cook and stir until the spinach is wilted. Spread 1/2 cup enchilada sauce in a 3-quart shallow baking dish. Line the bottom of the baking dish with 6 tortillas, overlapping as needed. Spread with half the remaining enchilada sauce. Top with the vegetable mixture and half the cheese. Top with the remaining tortillas and enchilada sauce. Bake for 20 minutes. Top with the remaining cheese and bake for 5 mi <END>
INPUT: asian, salad, smoked chicken, chinese egg noodles, oriental sesame oil, snow peas, carrot
OUTPUT: TITLE: Asian Noodle and Smoked Chicken Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound cooked smoked chicken, cut into strips; 10 ounces thin chinese egg noodles or spaghettini; 1 tablespoon oriental sesame oil; 1/4 pound snow peas, trimmed; 1 cup thinly sliced carrot; 1 cup thinly sliced cucumber; 1 cup thinly sliced scallion; 1 can (15 oz) baby corn, drained and rinsed; 1 tablespoon toasted sesame seeds; 1 recipe peanut sauce (recipe follows) | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large saucepan of boiling, salted water add the noodles, and cook them until they are just al dente. Drain them in a colander, rinse them under running water, and drain them well. In a bowl toss the noodles with the sesame oil and chicken. In a saucepan of boiling water blanch the snow peas for 30 seconds, drain and refresh them under running cold water. Transfer the noodle mixture to a serving platter and garnish with snow peas, carrots, cucumber, scallion and corn. Sprinkle with toasted sesame seeds. Serve the salad with the peanut sauce. <END>
INPUT: soup, herbs, olive oil, onions, garlic, rosemary, low salt chicken
OUTPUT: TITLE: Creamy Bean Soup with Fresh Herbs and Spinach | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons olive oil; 3 cups chopped onions (about 2 medium); 3 garlic cloves, minced; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh rosemary; 5 cups low-salt chicken broth; 2 15- to 16-ounce cans white beans, drained; 2 15- to 16-ounce cans garbanzo beans (chickpeas), drained; 1 6-ounce package baby spinach leaves; 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh sage; Grated Parmesan cheese; Extra-virgin olive oil (optional) | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat 3 tablespoons olive oil in large pot over medium-high heat. Add onions and garlic and sauté until onions are golden, about 15 minutes. Add rosemary and stir 1 minute. Add all broth and beans. Bring soup to boil; reduce to medium-low and simmer until flavors blend, about 10 minutes. Working in batches, transfer soup to blender and puree until smooth; return to pot. Mix in spinach and sage; stir until spinach wilts, about 1 minute. Season soup to taste with salt and pepper. Ladle soup into bowls. Sprinkle each with Parmesan cheese and drizzle with extra-virgin olive oil, if desired. Heat 3  <END>
INPUT: Italian, risotto, spring, dandelion greens, onion, garlic, mild Italian sausage
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sausage Risotto with Spring Greens | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 bunch dandelion greens, Swiss chard, or mustard greens (12 ounces), tough bottom stems removed, leaves cut into 3/4-inch pieces; 4 tablespoons (1/2 stick) butter, divided; 1 small onion, chopped; 1 large garlic clove, finely chopped; 6 ounces mild Italian sausage (about 1 1/2 links), casings removed; 2 cups arborio rice (13 to 14 ounces); 1 cup dry white wine; 5 cups low-salt chicken broth; 3/4 cup (packed) freshly grated Parmesan cheese plus additional for serving | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook greens in boiling salted water just until wilted, about 1 minute. Drain; cool. Melt 1 tablespoon butter in large saucepan over medium heat; add onion and garlic. Sauté until onion is translucent, about 5 minutes. Add sausage; sauté until brown, breaking up with spoon, about 3 minutes. Add rice; stir 1 minute. Add wine; reduce heat to medium-low. Simmer until wine is almost absorbed. Add 1 cup broth. Stir until broth is almost absorbed. Add remaining 4 cups broth by 1/2 cupfuls, allowing broth to be absorbed before adding more. Mix in greens after 10 minutes. Cook until rice is tender and  <END>
INPUT: medallions, pork tenderloin, oatmeal stout other, salt, pepper, vegetable oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pork Medallions with Oatmeal Stout | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 pounds pork tenderloin, fat trimmed and silver skin removed; 4 cups oatmeal stout or other dark beer; 1 teaspoon salt; 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 1 cup vegetable oil; 4 large sweet potatoes, peeled and cut lengthwise into 1/8-inch thick slices; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 4 bunches mustard greens, rinsed; 4 shallots, finely chopped; 1/2 bunch fresh parsley, chopped; 1 sprig fresh thyme; 2 cups demi-glace | INSTRUCTIONS: Slice the pork into 1/4-inch thick medallions (about 3 ounces each). Place the pork in a large shallow dish. Add 3 cups of the oatmeal stout, the salt and pepper. Cover with plastic wrap and marinate in the refrigerator for at least 4 hours or overnight. Prepare the potatoes: Pour the oil into a deep-fat fryer or a heavy medium saucepan. Heat the oil over medium heat to 350 degrees F. Carefully add the potatoes, several slices at a time into the heated oil and cook for 4 minutes, until crispy. Using a slotted spoon or a French fry skimmer, remove the potatoes from the oil and place on paper to <END>
INPUT: flan, milk, vanilla bean, sugar, egg, egg yolk
OUTPUT: TITLE: Vanilla Bean Flan | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/4 cups 1% milk; 1 vanilla bean, split lengthwise; 1/4 cup sugar; 1 large egg; 1 large egg yolk; 1/4 cup nonfat sweetened condensed milk; Special equipment: 4 (5- to 6-oz) deep custard cups or ramekins | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350°F. Heat 1% milk with vanilla bean halves in a small saucepan over moderate heat until hot. Remove from heat, cover, then steep 20 minutes. Cook sugar in a 6-inch nonstick skillet over moderately low heat, swirling skillet to help sugar melt evenly, until melted and pale golden. Continue to cook, swirling skillet, until deep caramel, 1 to 2 minutes. Immediately pour into custard cups, tilting cups to coat bottom. Let caramel cool. Whisk together whole egg, yolk, condensed milk, and a pinch of salt until smooth. Discard vanilla bean pod from steeped milk and gradually whisk m <END>
INPUT: green, kabobs, Oil, sweet chili sauce, soy sauce, Worcestershire sauce, hot sauce
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fried Catfish and Green Tomato Kabobs | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Oil, for frying; 1 cup sweet chili sauce; 2 tablespoons soy sauce; 1 1/2 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce; 2 teaspoons hot sauce; 1 1/2 pounds catfish fillets, cut into 2-inch cubes; 2 medium-sized unripe tomatoes, cut into wedges; 1 large Spanish onion, cut into wedges; 3 cups cornmeal; 2 tablespoons Cajun seasoning; 20 slices bacon | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: 20 long wooden skewers Heat the oil in a tall, narrow stockpot to 350 degrees F. In a large mixing bowl, combine the chili sauce, soy sauce, Worcestershire sauce and hot sauce. Add the catfish cubes, tomatoes and onions and toss to coat. In a shallow, wide dish, combine the cornmeal and Cajun seasoning. To assemble the kabobs: First skewer through one end of a bacon slice and then a cube of catfish. Wrap the bacon around and then skewer a wedge of tomato. Wrap the bacon around again, skewer a wedge of onion and then wrap the bacon and skewer one last time. Repeat with the re <END>
INPUT: American, involtini, each peppers, pepper, pimenton, Kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Red and Yellow Pepper Goat Cheese Involtini | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 each red and yellow peppers; 1 (8-ounce) log goat cheese, at room temperature; 1 tablespoon crushed red pepper; 1 tablespoon pimenton (smoked Spanish paprika); Kosher salt; 2 tablespoons chopped chives | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat a broiler or grill. Place the peppers on the grill and cook them until they are BLACK on the outside. Yeah that's right BURN THEM! When the peppers are black on all sides remove them from the heat and place them in an enclosed environment, either a paper bag or a bowl covered with plastic wrap. Let them sit until they are cool. This can be done a day ahead. Using your fingers scrape all the black off the outside of the peppers. Remove the stem and the seeds as well. This is a messy job, accept it and move on. If needed, you can use a damp paper towel. Rin <END>
INPUT: cutlets, bread bread crumbs, thyme leaves thyme, lemon zest, kosher salt, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Breaded Chicken Cutlets | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 10 slices white bread or 1 1/4 cups bread crumbs*; 1 tablespoon minced fresh thyme leaves or 1 teaspoon dried thyme; 1 teaspoon finely grated lemon zest; 3/4 teaspoon kosher salt; Freshly ground black pepper; About 1 cup all-purpose flour, for dredging; 2 large eggs, beaten; 4 boneless skinless chicken breast, each about 6 ounces; 1/3 to 1/2 cup oil, for shallow frying | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. To make bread crumbs: Trim the crust off the bread and discard, tear bread into pieces. Spread bread out on a microwave-safe plate, and microwave on HIGH for 1 minute to dry out the bread. (Alternately, spread the bread out on a baking sheet and dry in a preheated 300 degree F oven for 22 to 25 minutes.) Pulse the dried bread or crumbs in a food processor with the thyme, lemon zest, 3/4 teaspoon salt, and pepper. With the flat side of a cook's knife or the smooth side of a meat-pounder, pound each breast to equal thickness. Put the flour, eggs, and the bread  <END>
INPUT: truffles, highquality semisweet chocolate, heavy cream, vanilla, coconut
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate Coconut Truffles | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 pounds highquality semisweet chocolate, preferably Belgian or French; 1/2 cup heavy cream; 1 stick (8 tablespoons) softened unsalted butter, cut into chunks; 1 teaspoon vanilla; 3/4 cup shredded coconut, toasted in an oven for 2 to 3 minutes | INSTRUCTIONS: Melt 1 pound of chocolate, slowly stirring, in a double boiler. Warm the cream in a large saucepan but do not scorch. Remove the chocolate from the heat, cool slightly, then combine with the heavy cream. Stir the butter into the chocolate cream mixture and refrigerate until firm but still pliable, about 20 minutes. Transfer the chocolate to a pastry bag fitted with a large straight tip and pipe into teaspoonsize mounds onto a waxed paper covered cookie sheet, or use a spoon to dole out teaspoonsize mounds. Refrigerate the entire pan until the chocolate is hard to the touch. When the chocolate  <END>
INPUT: honeyed, Amontillado Sherry, orange juice, butter, honey, orange zest
OUTPUT: TITLE: Honeyed Figs with Dulce de Leche Ice Cream | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup Amontillado Sherry; 1 cup fresh orange juice; 3 tablespoons butter; 6 tablespoons honey; 1 tablespoon orange zest; Juice of 1 lemon; 8 fresh figs, sliced in half; 1 pint dulce de leche ice cream | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring sherry and juice to a boil in a small saucepan, simmer until liquid is reduced to 1 cup, about 8 minutes. In a small saucepan, melt butter and honey over medium heat to a caramel-like consistency. Add sherry mixture, orange zest, and lemon juice. Reduce until consistency of light syrup. Add figs and cook until heated through. Serve with ice cream.; <END>
INPUT: tomatoes, canola oil, egg substitute, fine plain bread, tomato, Remoulade sauce
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fried Green Tomatoes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup canola oil; 1 cup egg substitute (recommended: Egg Beaters); 1 cup fine plain bread crumbs; 1 green tomato, sliced 1/4-inch thick; Remoulade sauce, accompaniment, optional; Shrimp, accompaniment, optional | INSTRUCTIONS: Pour the oil into a large heavy pan suitable for deep-frying and heat oil to 350 degrees F. Pour the egg substitute into a shallow bowl and place the bread crumbs into another shallow bowl. Dip the sliced green tomatoes into the egg substitute and then into the bread crumbs to lightly coat. To test if the oil is hot enough, add a pinch of the bread crumbs to the oil; if it bubbles to the top, then you are ready to fry. Carefully add tomatoes to the hot oil and cook on 1 side for 1 minute. Flip the tomatoes to cook on the reverse side for 1 minute. Remove tomatoes from the oil and drain on pape <END>
INPUT: Mexican, granita, lime juice, seedless watermelon, sugar, lime
OUTPUT: TITLE: Watermelon, Ginger and Lime Granita | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup fresh lime juice; 6 cups roughly chopped seedless watermelon (about 2 pounds); 1/2 cup sugar; 1 lime, zested; 1 (2-inch) piece ginger divided, 1-inch cut into coins, 1-inch peeled and grated; Fleur de sel, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: In a blender, blend the lime juice and watermelon together, creating watermelon water. Strain the liquid through a fine mesh strainer to remove any seeds. Place 1/2 cup of the watermelon water into a saucepan and add the sugar, lime zest and ginger coins. Bring the mixture to a simmer to dissolve the sugar and infuse the liquid with the ginger and lime flavor. Set aside to cool. Add the grated ginger to the remaining watermelon water. Once the syrup is cool, remove the ginger coins and mix into the watermelon water. Pour the mixture into a 9 by 13-inch glass baking dish. Place the dish into th <END>
INPUT: chelsea, water, active yeast, granulated sugar, milk
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chelsea Buns | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup warm water (110 to 115 degrees F); 1 tablespoon active dry yeast; Pinch of granulated sugar; 2 cups whole milk, plus 1/4 cup for brushing the buns; 3/4 pound (3 sticks) unsalted butter; 6 cups all-purpose flour; 3/4 cup firmly packed light brown sugar; 2 large eggs; 1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract; 1/2 cup firmly packed light brown sugar; 1 cup dried currants; 1 tablespoon ground cinnamon | INSTRUCTIONS: Pour the warm water into the bowl of a standing electric mixer, add the yeast and granulated sugar, and let the yeast proof until bubbly on the surface, about 10 minutes. Meanwhile, in a medium saucepan, heat the 2 cups of milk until very warm (120 to 130 degrees F). In another pan, melt the butter. Set aside 1/4 cup for brushing the pans. When the yeast is bubbly, fit the electric mixer with a dough hook or paddle. Add all of the flour, the brown sugar, warm milk, eggs, and the 1 1/4 cups melted butter and beat on low speed for 10 minutes. Oil a large bowl and place the dough in it, turning i <END>
INPUT: wine, paprika, cumin, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pork Chops | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 (6 to 8-ounce) pork chops; 1/2 cup red wine; 1 teaspoon paprika; Pinch cumin; 4 cloves garlic; 2 to 3 tablespoons olive oil | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large bowl or plastic zip-top bag, add the pork chops and top with the red wine, paprika, cumin and garlic. Place into refrigerator for about 1 hour. Remove the pork chops from the marinade and discard marinade. In a large saute pan over medium-high heat, add olive oil. Once heated, add pork chops and sear on both sides until golden brown and cooked through. <END>
INPUT: olive oil, zucchini, mint leaves, balsamic vinegar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Caramelized Zucchini with Mint | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1 pound zucchini, rinsed and cut into 1/3-inch-thick slices; 3 tablespoons finely chopped fresh mint leaves; 1 to 2 tablespoons balsamic vinegar | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large heavy skillet heat the oil over moderately high heat until it is hot but not smoking, in it sauté the zucchini slices in batches with salt and pepper to taste for 2 minutes on each side, or until they are deep golden and tender, and stir in the mint and the vinegar to taste. In a large heavy skillet heat the oil over moderately high heat until it is hot but not smoking, in it sauté the zucchini slices in batches with salt and pepper to taste for 2 minutes on each side, or until they are deep golden and tender, and stir in the mint and the vinegar to taste. <END>
INPUT: Indian, gluten, free, bittersweet chocolate, boiling water, eggs, superfine sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Gluten-Free Chocolate-Cardamom Cupcakes with Chocolate Buttercream, Spun Sugar Bird's Nests and Jewe | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 4 ounces bittersweet chocolate (recommended: Callebaut); 1/2 cup boiling water; 6 eggs, separated; 1 cup (2 sticks) unsalted butter, softened; 2 cups superfine sugar, divided; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; 2 cups rice flour (recommended: Bob's Red Mill); 2 tablespoons cornstarch; 1 teaspoon baking powder; 1 teaspoon baking soda; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1 cup buttermilk; 2 cups Chocolate-Cardamom Ganache, recipe follows; Chocolate Buttercream, recipe follows; Dark cocoa powder, for dusting (recommended: Callebaut Extra Brut) | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: large whisk with 1-inch removed from end with wire cutters. Preheat oven to 325 degrees F. Line mini cupcake pans with 48 mini cupcake liners. Melt the chocolate in the boiling water. In a small mixing bowl, beat the egg whites until frothy and stiff but not dry. Add 1/2 cup sugar and beat until stiff but not dry. Set aside. In the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, cream the butter with remaining 1 1/2 cups sugar and vanilla on medium speed until fluffy. Add the egg yolks and beat well. Blend in the melted chocolate. Sift together the rice flour, c <END>
INPUT: muhummara, bell peppers, walnuts, garlic, paprika, cumin
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Red Pepper and Walnut Dip (Muhummara) | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 red bell peppers; 1 1/2 cups raw walnuts, halves and pieces; 3 cloves garlic, chopped; 2 teaspoons paprika; 1 teaspoon ground cumin; 1 teaspoon red pepper flakes; 1/4 cup fresh lemon juice; 2 1/2 tablespoons pomegranate molasses*; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Roast the red peppers. Place each bell pepper over the open flame of a gas burner or grill, cooking until the skin blackens and blisters. Rotate the peppers and blacken all the way around, about 15 minutes. Alternatively, you can roast the peppers in the oven by placing the bell peppers on a baking sheet and placing under the broiler, turning frequently, until the peppers are blackened and blistered all over. Put the blackened peppers in a bowl, cover with plastic wrap, and set aside to steam. Toast the walnuts. Spread the walnuts on a parchment-lined baking  <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, vegetable oil, shiitake mushrooms, shallots, Salt pepper, couscous
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mushroom Couscous | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons vegetable oil; 5 ounces shiitake mushrooms; 3 tablespoons shallots, minced; Salt and fresh ground pepper, to taste; 1 box couscous; 1/4 pound sweet butter, cut into small cubes; 3/4 quart mushroom stock or chicken (double strength); 1 cup tomato concasse; 8 tablespoons mixed herbs (chive, parsley, and dill); Lime juice, to taste; 3 tablespoons butter | INSTRUCTIONS: In a saute pan, add oil, heat until the oil starts to lightly smoke. Add the mushrooms, stir until golden brown. Add the shallots, season to taste with salt and pepper. Reserve and let cool. Place the couscous into a mixing bowl, add the butter and knead the butter into the pasta. Add the sauteed mushrooms and stir. Place the stock into a saucepan and bring to a boil, pour the boiling stock over the couscous and cover with plastic film; this method will steam the pasta without overcooking it. Let sit for 15 minutes. Add tomato concasse, chive, parsely, dill, lime juice and butter. Stir and ser <END>
INPUT: fritters, zucchini, salt, mint, dill, scallion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Zucchini Fritters | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 medium zucchini; 1 teaspoon salt; 1 tablespoon chopped mint; 1 1/2 tablespoon chopped dill; 1 large scallion, white and green parts sliced thinly on the bias; 2 teaspoons minced garlic; Zest of one lemon; 1/4 teaspoon black pepper; 4 ounces feta cheese, roughly chopped; 1 egg; 3 tablespoons flour; Canola oil for frying; Greek yogurt; Picked dill, to garnish; Additional lemon zest, to garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Grate the zucchini on the large holes of a grater onto a clean kitchen towel. Sprinkle with the salt. Let stand while you prepare the other ingredients. Wring as much liquid out of the zucchini as possible, discarding liquid. In a medium bowl, combine the zucchini, mint, dill, scallion, garlic, lemon zest, pepper and feta. Stir in the egg and flour and mix until well combined. Heat enough canola oil in a pan over medium high heat to come halfway up the sides of the fritters. Form fritters, using 1/4 cup measure, and place gently into the hot oil. Fry, turning once, until the fritters are golde <END>
INPUT: American, cheesecake, cups, eggs, vanilla extract, packages
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate Pecan Cheesecake Cookie Cups | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 package (16 ounces) NESTLÉ® TOLL HOUSE® Ultimates™ Refrigerated Chocolate Pecan Deluxe Cookie Dough; 1 can (14 ounces) NESTLÉ® CARNATION® Sweetened Condensed Milk; 2 large eggs; 2 teaspoons vanilla extract; 2 packages (8 ounces each) cream cheese, at room temperature; 24 pecan halves; 1/3 cup NESTLÉ® TOLL HOUSE® Semi-Sweet Chocolate Morsels | INSTRUCTIONS: PREHEAT oven to 325 degrees F. Paper-line 24 muffin cups. Cut each square of dough in half. Place one piece of dough in each muffin cup. BAKE for 10 to 12 minutes or until cookie has spread to edge of cup. BEAT cream cheese, sweetened condensed milk, eggs and vanilla extract in medium bowl until smooth. Spoon about 3 tablespoons cream cheese mixture over each cookie in cup. BAKE for additional 15 to 18 minutes or until set. Cool completely in pan on wire rack. Refrigerate for 1 hour. Place pecan in center of each cheesecake. PLACE morsels in small, heavy-duty plastic bag. Microwave on HIGH (10 <END>
INPUT: Asian, garlic, vegetable oil, hot pepper flakes, tomatoes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fresh Okra with Tomatoes and Ginger | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 2 garlic cloves, chopped; 1 (2 by 1 1/2-inch) piece peeled fresh ginger, chopped; 2 tablespoons vegetable oil; 3/4 to 1/4 teaspoon dried hot red pepper flakes; 3 large tomatoes, cored and quartered; 3/4 teaspoon salt; 1/4 teaspoon black pepper; 1 pound small fresh okra, untrimmed | INSTRUCTIONS: Pulse garlic and ginger in a food processor until finely chopped and transfer to a 12-inch heavy skillet. Add oil and red pepper flakes, to taste, and cook over moderate heat, stirring, until fragrant, about 1 minute. Pulse tomatoes with salt and black pepper in processor until coarsely chopped and stir into oil in skillet. Cook, uncovered, over moderate heat, stirring occasionally, 10 minutes. Stir in okra and simmer, covered, until just tender, about 5 to 10 minutes. <END>
INPUT: onions, fine quality virgin, thyme thyme, Fine sea salt, Chianti other wine
OUTPUT: TITLE: Baked Onions with Thyme | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 medium red or white onions (3 1/2 lb); 3 tablespoons fine-quality extra-virgin olive oil (preferably Tuscan); 10 fresh thyme sprigs or 1 teaspoon dried thyme; Fine sea salt to taste; 1/2 cup Chianti or other dry red wine; 1/4 cup water | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 400°F. Cut a slice from both ends of each onion, then halve onions crosswise. Discard outer layers from onions, leaving about a 2 1/2-inch diameter. Arrange onions, trimmed ends down, in an oiled 13- by 9-inch baking pan. Drizzle with oil. Remove leaves from 2 thyme sprigs and sprinkle over onions. Season with sea salt and pepper, then scatter remaining 8 sprigs over onions. Pour wine over onions. Bake, uncovered, in middle of oven, basting with pan juices twice during baking, 40 minutes. Add water to pan and bake until onions are browned and tender, about 50 minutes more. Serv <END>
INPUT: bliss potatoes, olive oil, rosemary, paprika, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Paprika Roasted Potatoes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 cups red bliss potatoes, unpeeled, scrubbed, and cut into 1-inch cubes; 1/4 cup olive oil; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh rosemary, or 1 1/2 teaspoons crushed dried; 1 teaspoon paprika; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/2 teaspoon ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine all the ingredients in a large roasting pan and toss thoroughly to coat the potatoes with the seasonings. Cover with plastic wrap and let marinate for 30 minutes. Meanwhile, preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Uncover the pan and roast the potatoes for 35 to 40 minutes, until they are golden and crisp. Serve immediately.; <END>
INPUT: pizza, prosciutto, water, yeast, salt, bread flour, olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pizza with Prosciutto, Spinach, Truffle Oil, and Egg | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 8 ounces water; 1/8-ounce yeast; 1/4-ounce salt; 1 pound bread flour; 1/8 cup olive oil; 1/8 cup cornmeal; 4 cups tomato sauce; 4 cups shredded spinach; 2 cups grated Parmesan; 12 slices Canadian bacon or regular bacon, cooked until crispy; 2 tablespoons truffle oil; 2 eggs | INSTRUCTIONS: Place the water in a large bowl or mixer with a dough hook. Dissolve the yeast in the water. Add the remaining ingredients and mix on low speed until a ball is formed. Change to medium speed and mix approximately for 1 to 2 minutes until a smooth and elastic dough is formed. Remove the dough from the bowl, cut the dough into 2 portions, roll into tight balls and place on a lightly oiled sheet pan. Cover and let proof for a minimum of 4 hours. Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. Once the dough has been prepared, spread the dough out with a rolling pin or just by using your hands. Top each round with <END>
INPUT: cheesecake, cream cheese, powdered sugar, sour cream, eggs, caramel
OUTPUT: TITLE: Butterfinger Cheesecake | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound cream cheese; 1 cup powdered sugar; 1/4 cup sour cream; 3 eggs; 1/4 cup caramel; 1/4 cup chocolate covered peanut butter bars, coarsely chopped (recommended: Butterfinger) | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 300 degrees F. Mix the cream cheese, powdered sugar and sour cream together until smooth. Add eggs, 1 at a time, and mix until smooth in texture, with no lumps. Add the caramel and peanut butter bar pieces and mix well. Pour mixture into desired cake pan that has been sprayed with vegetable oil. Bake in the oven in a water bath for approximately 1 hour, until internal temperature of the cheesecake is 170 degrees F. Cool overnight. Decorate with caramel and peanut butter bar pieces. <END>
INPUT: salad, garlic, Sherry vinegar, salt, hot pepper flakes, olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Potato Salad with Olives and Peppers | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 garlic cloves; 3 tablespoons Sherry vinegar; 1 teaspoon salt; 1/4 teaspoon dried hot red-pepper flakes; 5 tablespoons olive oil; 3 pound hot cooked small (2-inch) boiling potatoes, quartered; 2/3 cup bottled roasted red peppers (4 ounces), rinsed, patted dry, and chopped; 2/3 cup fresh flat-leaf parsley leaves; 1/3 cup pitted brine-cured black olives, halved | INSTRUCTIONS: Mince garlic and mash to a paste with a pinch of salt using side of a large heavy knife. Transfer to a large bowl and whisk in vinegar, salt, and red-pepper flakes, then whisk in oil. Add hot potatoes to vinaigrette and toss to coat. Let stand until potatoes cool to warm, about 30 minutes, then stir in peppers, parsley, and olives. Serve warm or at room temperature. Mince garlic and mash to a paste with a pinch of salt using side of a large heavy knife. Transfer to a large bowl and whisk in vinegar, salt, and red-pepper flakes, then whisk in oil. Add hot potatoes to vinaigrette and toss to coa <END>
INPUT: Italian, maltagliate, pasta, virgin olive oil, shallots, borlotti, wine
OUTPUT: TITLE: Maltagliate with Borlotti, Shallots and Arugula | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 recipe fresh pasta, rolled to thinnest setting on the machine, recipe follows; 6 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil; 10 shallots, peeled and thinly sliced; 1 cup cooked borlotti, or pinto beans, drained; 1 cup dry red wine; 1/2 cup freshly grated Parmesan; 2 bunches arugula, washed and spun dry and chopped to yield 1 cup; 3 1/2 cups unbleached all-purpose flour plus 1/2 cup; 4 extra large eggs; 1/2 teaspoon olive oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Cut pasta into funny shapes and set aside. Bring 6 quarts water to boil and add 2 tablespoons salt. In a 12 to 14inch saute pan, heat olive oil and shallots over medium heat and cook until shallots are soft, about 8 to 10 minutes. Add beans and red wine and reduce liquid by half. Add Parmesan and remove from heat. Drop pasta into boiling water and cook until tender, about 3 to 4 minutes. Drain and toss into pan with beans. Return to heat and toss to coat. At last minute, add arugula, toss 20 seconds, pour into serving bowl and serve. Make a mound of the flour in the center of a large wooden cu <END>
INPUT: bundles, collard leaves, wine, shallot, garlic, unsalted butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Wild-Mushroom Bundles | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 8 large collard leaves, stems and thick portion of center ribs removed; 1/2 cup dry white wine; 2 tablespoons minced shallot; 1 teaspoon minced garlic; 5 tablespoons unsalted butter, divided; 1 pound mixed fresh wild mushrooms, such as chanterelle, oyster, and cremini, trimmed and cut into wedges (6 cups) | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook collards in a large pot of boiling water with 1 tablespoon salt until just tender, 6 to 8 minutes, then drain. Transfer to a bowl of cold water, then spread leaves, undersides up, on paper towels, overlapping cut edges slightly, and pat dry. Bring wine to a boil with shallot, garlic, 4 tablespoons butter, 1/2 teaspoon salt, and 1/4 teaspoon pepper in a heavy medium saucepan. Add mushrooms and cook, covered, over medium heat, stirring occasionally, until tender, about 12 minutes. Butter a 2-quart shallow baking dish, then strain mushroom juices into baking dish, reserving mushrooms. Prehea <END>
INPUT: Italian, sandwiches, plum tomato, olive paste, basil leaves, mozzarella, trimmed arugula
OUTPUT: TITLE: Prosciutto and Mozzarella Sandwiches | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 large plum tomato; 3 tablespoons black olive paste; 1/4 cup chopped fresh basil leaves; 1 pound fresh mozzarella; 4 cups trimmed arugula; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1 store-bought focaccia; 1/2 pound thinly sliced prosciutto | INSTRUCTIONS: Seed tomato and chop fine. In a bowl stir together tomato, olive paste, and basil. Cut mozzarella into thin slices. Coarsely chop arugula and in a bowl toss with oil, salt, and pepper, to taste. Halve focaccia horizontally and spread bottom half with olive mixture. Top olive mixture with mozzarella, prosciutto, arugula, and remaining focaccia half. Press focaccia gently and cut lengthwise in half and crosswise into thirds to make 6 sandwiches. Cut sandwiches diagonally in half and wrap tightly in plastic wrap. Chill sandwiches at least 1 hour and up to 1 day. <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, tagine, chickpeas, garlic, cinnamon, olive oil, cubes lamb shoulder
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lamb Tagine With Chickpeas and Apricots | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 cup dried chickpeas; 5 garlic cloves (2 whole, 3 chopped); 1 large cinnamon stick, broken in half; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 3 pounds 1" cubes lamb shoulder; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 large onion, diced; 5 teaspoons Ras-el-Hanout spice blend; 1 tablespoon chopped peeled ginger; 1 cup canned diced tomatoes with juices; 2 1/2 cups (or more) low-salt chicken stock; 1/2 cup halved dried apricots; Steamed couscous; Chopped fresh cilantro | INSTRUCTIONS: Place chickpeas in a medium saucepan. Add water to cover by 2". Let soak overnight. Drain chickpeas; return to same saucepan. Add 2 whole garlic cloves and cinnamon stick. Add water to cover by 2". Bring to a boil, then reduce heat to medium and simmer until chickpeas are tender, about 45 minutes. Drain; set aside. Meanwhile, heat oil in a large heavy pot over medium-high heat. Season lamb with salt and pepper. Working in batches, brown lamb on all sides, about 4 minutes per batch. Transfer lamb to a medium bowl. Add onion to pot; reduce heat to medium, season with salt and pepper, and sauté u <END>
INPUT: salad, hothouse cucumbers, onions, Kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Creamy Cucumber Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 hothouse cucumbers, thinly sliced (3 to 4 pounds); 2 small red onions, thinly sliced in half rounds; Kosher salt; 4 cups (32 ounces) plain whole-milk yogurt; 1 cup (8 ounces) sour cream; 2 tablespoons champagne vinegar or white wine vinegar; 1/2 cup minced fresh dill; 1 1/2 teaspoons freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Mix the cucumbers, red onions, and 1 1/2 tablespoons of salt in a bowl. Pour them into a colander and suspend it over a bowl. Wrap the bowl and colander with plastic wrap, and place in the refrigerator to drain for at least 4 hours or overnight. Discard the liquid that collects in the bowl. Pour the yogurt into a sieve lined with a paper towel and suspend it over another bowl. Wrap the bowl and sieve in plastic wrap and refrigerate for at least 4 hours or overnight. Discard the liquid that collects in the second bowl. When the cucumbers are ready, roll them up in <END>
INPUT: American, granddaughter, all purpose flour, sugar, shortening, fruit juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Granddaughter's Fruit Pie | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 3 cups all-purpose flour; 2 teaspoons sugar; 1 cup shortening; 5 tablespoons fruit juice, from pineapple or oranges in filling; 1 (15-ounce) can pineapple tidbits, juice reserved; 1 (15-ounce) can mandarin oranges, juice reserved; 1 (20-ounce) can cherry pie filling; 1 (14-ounce) can whole cranberry sauce; 1/2 cup sugar; 4 tablespoons cooking tapioca; 1/2 teaspoon cinnamon; 1 teaspoon lemon juice; 2 teaspoons margarine; 1/2 cup powdered sugar; 1 tablespoon lemon juice | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. For the crust: Place flour and sugar in bowl, cut in shortening. Add fruit juice. Mix until dough forms a ball. Add more juice if necessary. Divide ball into 2 pieces and roll out. For the filling: Combine pineapple, oranges, cherry pie filling, cranberry sauce, sugar, tapioca, cinnamon and lemon juice. Line a 9-inch deep-dish pie plate with half of the rolled out pastry. Add filling, dot with margarine and top with other half of pastry. Make several slits in top crust. Bake 50 to 60 minutes or until crust is golden brown. Remove from oven. Mix together the powde <END>
INPUT: cornbread, unsalted butter, all purpose flour, cornmeal, baking powder, coarse salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Jalapeno Cornbread | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, plus more for pan; 1 cup all-purpose flour; 3/4 cup yellow cornmeal; 1 tablespoon baking powder; 1/2 teaspoon coarse salt; 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 1 cup buttermilk; 2 medium jalapenos, diced, with seeds; 1 large egg, lightly beaten; 1/3 cup sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat oven to 425 degrees. Lightly butter an 8-inch square pan. Set aside. In a medium bowl, combine flour, cornmeal, baking powder, salt, and pepper. In another bowl, whisk together buttermilk, jalapenos, egg, sugar, and 2 tablespoons melted butter. Add to dry ingredients, and stir until just combined. Pour batter into prepared pan, and bake until golden brown, about 20 minutes. Remove from oven, and cool for 10 minutes. Invert onto a wire rack to cool completely. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, jasmine rice, cumin seeds, mustard seeds, olive oil, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Jasmine Rice with Cumin and Mustard Seeds | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cups jasmine rice; 1 1/2 teaspoons cumin seeds; 4 teaspoons yellow mustard seeds; 1 tablespoon olive oil; 1 garlic clove, minced; 2 1/4 cups water; 3 scallions, thinly sliced | INSTRUCTIONS: Rinse rice in a sieve until water runs clear and drain well. Cook cumin and mustard seeds in oil in a 2-quart heavy saucepan over moderate heat, stirring, until mustard seeds begin to pop, about 2 minutes. Stir in garlic and rice and cook, stirring, 1 minute. Add water and bring to a boil, uncovered. Cover rice and cook over very low heat until water is absorbed and rice is tender, about 20 minutes. Remove pan from heat and let rice stand, covered, 5 minutes. Fluff rice with a fork and stir in scallions and salt and pepper to taste. Rinse rice in a sieve until water runs clear and drain well.  <END>
INPUT: al dente rice, parsley, onions, lemon juice, olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Stuffed Grape Leaves: | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 1/2 cups al dente white rice, cooked and cooled; 1 large bunch medium washed and finely chopped parsley; 2 large white onions finely chopped; 2/3 cup lemon juice, freshly squeezed; 1/3 cup olive oil; Medium jar grape leaves; 1/4 olive oil; 3/4 cup lemon juice | INSTRUCTIONS: Add to the cooked and cooled white rice the parsley, white onions, lemon juice and olive oil and then blend. After blending these ingredients estimate adding a large tablespoon for each leaf. Lay the de-stemmed and rinsed grape leaf shiny side down, place portion of rice mixture in the center near the stem end and roll keeping stuffing close to end of leaf. Start folding in the sides and continue to roll keeping ends closed and stuffing secure inside. Lay "stem" down (the end of the roll) in a flat pan and continue doing so until each one is side by side close together, keeping them from openi <END>
INPUT: virgin olive oil, soppressata, fennel bulb, grape tomatoes, pickled jalapeno juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pan-Seared Halibut with Soppressata and Fennel | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, plus more for drizzling; 4 ounces soppressata, cut in 1/4-inch dice (about 1 cup); 1 fennel bulb, halved, cored and very thinly sliced (about 2 cups), fronds reserved; 1 cup grape tomatoes, halved; 1/4 cup pickled jalapeno juice; 2 tablespoons roughly chopped pickled jalapenos; 3 tablespoons unsalted butter; 3 tablespoons vegetable oil; Four 6-ounce halibut fillets, skin-off; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; Crusty bread, for serving | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat the olive oil in a large high-sided saute pan over medium-high heat. Add the soppressata and cook until lightly browned around the edges, 3 to 5 minutes. Use a slotted spoon to transfer the soppressata to a paper-towel-lined plate. Add the fennel to the pan and cook until just softened and lightly browned, 4 to 6 minutes. Add the browned soppressata, tomatoes, jalapeno juice, pickled jalapenos and 2 cups water. Cook until the liquid has reduced by almost half and the tomatoes just start to soften, about 5 minutes. Stir in the butter. Turn off the heat and cover with a lid. Heat 2 tablespo <END>
INPUT: Indian, biryani, chicken, garlic, onions
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken Biryani | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 2 pounds chicken pieces (legs and breasts); 4 garlic cloves; 1 (2-inch) piece fresh ginger, 1-inch wide; 6 medium onions; 10 cloves; 20 black peppercorns; 8 cardamom pods, seeded; 1/4 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1 teaspoon ground coriander; 1 teaspoon ground cumin; 1 teaspoon poppy seeds; 1/4 teaspoon ground mace; 1 teaspoon salt, plus 3 teaspoons; 3 tablespoons lemon juice; 10 ounces (1 1/4 cups) yogurt | INSTRUCTIONS: Remove and discard the skin from the chicken legs and breasts. Cut each leg into drumstick and thigh, and quarter the breasts. To prepare the marinade paste, peel and coarsely chop the garlic, ginger, and 3 onions. Place in a blender with the cloves, peppercorns, cardamom seeds, cinnamon, coriander, cumin, poppy seeds, mace, 1 teaspoon salt, and the lemon juice. Blend to a smooth paste. Turn into a large bowl, add the yogurt, and mix well. Dry Roasting: Spices are often dry-roasted before use. It is best to do this over medium heat in a preheated small, heavy, cast-iron frying pan. No oil is u <END>
INPUT: American, gordon, vinaigrette, salt, pepper, sugar, garlic powder
OUTPUT: TITLE: Gordon's Grilled Strip Steak with Chili-Tomato Vinaigrette | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 4 (8-ounce) strip steaks; 1 cup salt; 1 tablespoon freshly ground black pepper; 2 tablespoon brown sugar; 2 tablespoons garlic powder; 2 tablespoons chili powder; 1 tablespoon cumin; 1 to 2 tablespoons cayenne pepper; 1 fire-roasted Anaheim or other mild green chili chopped or 1/4 cup canned diced mild green chiles; 11/2 tablespoons minced shallots or scallions; 1 teaspoon chopped fresh oregano or 1/2 teaspoon dried; 1 tablespoon balsamic vinegar; 3 tablespoons olive oil; 1 cup halved cherry tomatoes; Salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine spice rub ingredients, mix together thoroughly and rub on steaks or generously season with salt and pepper and set aside. To make the chili-tomato vinaigrette: Combine the chile, shallots or scallions, oregano and vinegar in a small bowl. Gradually whisk in the olive oil. Right before serving, stir in the tomatoes and season with salt and pepper to taste. Grill the steaks over a medium-hot charcoal fire or in grill pan over medium high heat until medium-rare or medium. Place the steaks on individual plates and spoon a 1/4 of the vinaigrette over each. Garnish with oregano sprigs. Serve <END>
INPUT: dressing, sweet potato, vegetable oil, onion, skinned apple, celery
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sweet Potato and Apple Dressing | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 8- to 10-ounce sweet potato, peeled, diced; 2 tablespoons vegetable oil; 1/2 cup chopped onion; 1/2 cup diced red-skinned apple; 1/3 cup chopped celery; 1 1/2 cups herb-seasoned stuffing mix; 1/2 teaspoon rubbed dried sage; 1 cup canned low-salt chicken broth | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 375°F. Butter 4-cup casserole. Cook potato in small pot of boiling salted water until just tender, about 5 minutes. Drain and set aside. Heat oil in heavy medium skillet over medium heat. Add onion, apple and celery and sauté until onion is translucent, abut 5 minutes. Add potato and sauté 1 minute. Add stuffing mix, sage and broth. Cover skillet, reduce heat to medium-low and cook until stock is absorbed, about 10 minutes. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Transfer dressing to prepared dish. (Can be prepared 2 hours ahead. Let stand at room temperature.) Cover with foil an <END>
INPUT: Indian, croute, puff pastry, wheel Brie, tomato chutney, egg, tomatoes juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Baked Brie en Croute with Tomato Chutney | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 1-pound package frozen puff pastry sheets, thawed; 17 1/4-ounce wheel Brie, chilled; 2 1/2 cups tomato chutney (recipe follows); 1 large egg, lightly beaten; 28 to 32-ounce can whole tomatoes with juice, chopped; 1 large onion, chopped (about 1 cup); Zest of 1 lemon, removed with vegetable peeler and minced; 1/2 cup sugar; 1/2 cup cider vinegar; 1/3 cup dried currants; 1 1/2 teaspoons mustard seeds; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/4 teaspoon cayenne; 1/4 teaspoon ground allspice; 1/4 teaspoon cinnamon | INSTRUCTIONS: On a lightly floured surface roll out 1 sheet of pastry 1/8-inch thick (about 15 inches in diameter) and, using Brie as a guide, cut out 1 round the size of the Brie. With a 2 3/4-inch star shaped cutter cut out 5 stars from trimmings. Reserve pastry round and stars. Halve Brie horizontally. Roll out remaining sheet of pastry 1/8-inch thick (about 15 inches in diameter) and transfer to a shallow baking pan, about 15 1/2 by 10 1/2 inches. Center bottom half of Brie, cut side up, on pastry in pan and spread 1/2 cup tomato chutney to within 1/2 inch of Brie edge. Top chutney with remaining half o <END>
INPUT: Italian, charred, salad, corn, olive oil, onion, tomatoes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Charred Corn Salad with Basil and Tomatoes | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 12 ears of corn, husked; 6 tablespoons olive oil, divided; 1 cup thinly sliced red onion; 2 large tomatoes, chopped; 1 cup (loosely packed) fresh basil leaves, large leaves torn; 1/3 cup (or more) fresh lime juice; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh thyme; Kosher salt, freshly ground pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Build a medium-hot fire in a charcoal grill, or heat a gas grill to high. Rub corn with 1 tablespoon oil. Grill, turning frequently, until corn is charred and heated through, 10-12 minutes. Remove from grill; when cool enough to handle, cut kernels from cobs and transfer to a large bowl. DO AHEAD: Corn can be made 3 hours ahead. Let stand at room temperature. Place onion in a strainer and rinse with cold water to mellow its flavor. Drain well. Mix onion, remaining 5 tablespoons oil, tomatoes, basil, 1/3 cup lime juice, and thyme into corn. Season to taste with salt, pepper, and more lime juice <END>
INPUT: Asian, shiitake mushrooms, vegetable oil, miso, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Miso Eggplant Shiitake Canapés | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 pound fresh shiitake mushrooms, stemmed and sliced 1/8 inch thick; 3 1/2 tablespoons vegetable oil, divided; 2 (10-inch) Asian eggplants, cut into 24 (1/2-inch-thick) rounds; 2 tablespoons white miso; 2 teaspoons sugar; 1 teaspoon mirin (Japanese sweet rice wine); 1 teaspoon water | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 425°F with rack in middle. Toss mushrooms with 2 tablespoons oil and 1/4 teaspoon salt, then spread out in a large 4-sided sheet pan. Roast, stirring once, until golden brown and crisp, 10 to 15 minutes. Transfer to a plate. Turn on broiler. Toss eggplant with remaining 1 1/2 tablespoons oil and broil in same sheet pan 4 to 6 inches from heat, turning once, until just tender and lightly browned on both sides, 8 to 12 minutes total. Leave broiler on. Stir together miso, sugar, mirin, and water, then lightly coat tops of eggplant. Broil 1 minute. Serve warm, topped with mushrooms <END>
INPUT: quebec, sour, peach preserves, Serrano chiles, reduced veal stock, Cabernet Franc, wine jus
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pan Seared Quebec Foie Gras with Hot and Sour Peach Jam, Cabernet Ice Wine Reduction | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cups peach preserves; Serrano chiles; 1 cup reduced veal stock or similar; 1 1/2 ounces Cabernet Franc; 1 1/2 ounces red wine jus; 1/2 ounce heavy cream; 1 ounce unsalted butter; 1/2 ounce red wine vinegar; 1 shallot, finely chopped; 2 ounces foie gras, cut into 4 slices; Dash Fleur de Sel; 4 slices milk bread or white bread; Frisee leaves, for serving; Grapeseed oil, for drizzing; Drizzle Cabernet Franc Ice Wine Syrup (Cabernet Franc Ice Wine boiled until reduced to a syrup) | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat a grill. Peaches: Combine the peach preserves and serranos in a saucepan. Cook until tender and syrupy. Remove from the heat and mash with a fork. Cabernet Franc Reduction: Reduce one cup of veal stock and Cabernet Franc. To thicken, add red wine jus, cream, and butter. Finish with a few drops of red wine vinegar and the shallots. Foie Gras: Cut the foie gras into 4 slices and score with a fork. Sear until golden brown on both sides in a hot pan. Remove from pan and place on a paper towel. Sprinkle with fleur de sel to season. Grill a small piece of white or milk bread; place in center <END>
INPUT: American, cheese, cauliflower florets, virgin olive oil, shallot, garlic, Juice lemon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Vegan Mac 'n' Cheese | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 3 cups small cauliflower florets, chopped; 2 teaspoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1 large shallot, minced; 1 large clove garlic, minced; Juice of 1 small lemon (about 2 tablespoons); 1 tablespoon white or yellow miso paste; 2 teaspoons spicy mustard; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1/2 teaspoon ground cayenne pepper; 1/8 teaspoon ground turmeric; 3/4 cup plain unsweetened almond or other plant-based milk; 1/4 cup nutritional yeast flakes; 2 teaspoons packed brown sugar; 10 ounces shredded vegan Cheddar (about 2 1/2 cups); 1 pound elbow macaroni | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring a large pot of water to a boil. Put the cauliflower and 1 cup water in a small saucepan over medium heat. Cover, bring to a simmer and cook until the cauliflower is fully softened, about 20 minutes. Transfer the cooked cauliflower and all the cooking liquid to a food processor and set aside. Wipe out the saucepan. Heat the oil in the saucepan over medium heat. Add the shallot and garlic and cook, stirring, until softened, about 3 minutes. Stir in the lemon juice, miso, mustard, 1 teaspoon salt, 3/4 teaspoon black pepper, cayenne and turmeric until well combined. Gradually whisk in the al <END>
INPUT: American, spiced, all purpose flour, sugar, fine salt, unsalted butter, egg
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spiced Apple and Pear Pie | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 1/2 cups all-purpose flour; 1/4 cup sugar; 3/4 teaspoon fine salt; 3/4 cup cold unsalted butter (1 1/2 sticks), diced; 1 large egg; 3 to 4 tablespoons very cold water; 1/2 lemon; 3 pounds baking apples, such as Golden Delicious, Cortland, or Mutsu (about 6 apples); 1 1/2 pounds baking pears, such as Bosc or firm Bartletts (about 3 pears); 2/3 cup sugar, plus more for sprinkling on the pie; 1/4 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1/4 teaspoon ground ginger; 1/4 teaspoon fine salt; Generous pinch freshly grated nutmeg; 1/4 cup unsalted butter (1/2 stick) | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Dough: Whisk the flour, sugar, and salt together in a medium bowl. Rub 1/4 cup of the butter into the dry ingredients with your fingers until completely absorbed. Then rub in the remaining butter until it resembles cornmeal mixed with pea-size bits of butter. (If it gets warm and sticky, refrigerate it to chill.) Beat the egg with 3 tablespoons of the water; then drizzle it evenly over the dough. Lightly stir the dough together with a fork. (The dough should just hold together when you squeeze it together, with some dry crumbly bits.) If the dough is really dry,  <END>
INPUT: lollipops, bread crumbs, olive oil, garlic, Parmesan cheese, parsley
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken Lollipops | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 cups dried bread crumbs; 1/2 cup olive oil; 2 ounces chopped garlic; 1/4 cup Parmesan cheese; 3 ounces chopped parsley; Salt and pepper to taste; 10 pounds chicken wings | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large mixing bowl, combine bread crumbs, olive oil, chopped garlic; Parmesan, chopped parsley, salt and pepper. Mix until bread crumbs are wet. With a sharp paring knife separate chicken wing at the knuckle. Use the tips for chicken stock. Again with paring knife, score a circle around one end of the wing loosening chicken from the bone. With your fingers pull chicken down to one end, creating what look like a lollipops repeat until all are finished. Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Dredge chicken wings in a Parmesan bread crumbs. Mix until the "lollipops" are completely covered. The chicken  <END>
INPUT: American, flatbread, eggs, virgin olive oil, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Flatbread with Arugula, Asparagus, and Fried Eggs | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup (packed) fresh spinach (about 2 ounces); 1 cup (packed) arugula leaves (about 2 ounces) plus additional (for garnish); 1/2 cup plus 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil plus additional (for brushing); 4 garlic cloves, coarsely chopped; 1 cup (or more) warm water (110°F to 115°F), divided; 1 tablespoon honey; 2 1/4-ounce packets active dry yeast; 3 cups all purpose flour; 1/4 teaspoon coarse kosher salt; Cornmeal (for sprinkling); 8 ounces fingerling potatoes, cooked, cooled, cut crosswise into 1/3-inch slices; 8 ounces asparagus; thin stalks cut into 1/2-inch pieces, thick stalks cut into 1/4- to 1/3-inch pieces; 2 large ears of corn, husked, kernels cut from cobs; 2/3 cup fresh peas or frozen peas, thawed; 3/4 cup ricotta cheese (not drained) | INSTRUCTIONS: Place spinach in microwave-safe bowl. Sprinkle with water. Microwave until wilted, about 20 seconds. Drain, pressing on spinach to release liquid. Place spinach, 1 cup arugula, 1/2 cup oil, and garlic in blender. Blend until coarse puree forms. Transfer pesto to small bowl. Season to taste with salt and pepper. DO AHEAD: Can be made 1 day ahead. Cover and chill. Stir 1/4 cup warm water and honey in small bowl. Stir in yeast. Let stand until foamy, about 10 minutes. Place flour and coarse salt in stand mixer fitted with dough hook attachment. Add 3/4 cup warm water and yeast mixture. Mix on med <END>
INPUT: fondue, half half, almond extract, semisweet chocolate chips, amaretto, Strawberries
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate Almond Fondue | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/4 cups half-and-half; 1 teaspoon almond extract; 24 ounces semisweet chocolate chips; 1/2 cup amaretto; Strawberries, desired amount; Bananas, desired amount; Pound cake, desired amount; Butter cookies, desired amount; Apples, desired amount | INSTRUCTIONS: In a medium saucepan over medium heat, combine half-and-half and almond extract. Heat until bubbles begin to form at edge of cream. Do not boil. Reduce heat to low and stir in chocolate chips, stirring constantly. Once all of the chocolate is melted and incorporated, slowly stir in amaretto until combined. Pour chocolate mixture into fondue pot and serve with goodies for dipping. Cook's Note: You can use this recipe with a heated chocolate fountain. <END>
INPUT: puree, avocados, lime lemon juice, confectioner's sugar more, Raspberries, mint pistachio nuts
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sweet Avocado Puree | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 ripe chilled avocados, seeded, diced; 1/4 cup fresh lime or lemon juice; 1/3 cup confectioner's sugar or more; Raspberries; Fresh mint sprigs or chopped pistachio nuts | INSTRUCTIONS: With the back of a spoon, press the avocados through a sieve into a bowl. Add the lime juice and sweeten with sugar. Transfer the puree to 4 chilled wine glasses and garnish with raspberries, mint and/or pistachio nuts. <END>
INPUT: syrup, water, sugar, lavender buds
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lavender Syrup | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups water; 1 cup sugar; 1 tablespoon dried lavender buds | INSTRUCTIONS: Place the water, sugar, and lavender in a saucepan and bring to a boil. Reduce heat, and simmer, partially covered, for 15 minutes. Strain and cool. Cover and refrigerate for up to a week. Copyright 2005 Television Food Network, G.P. All rights reserved. <END>
INPUT: mixed collard, bacon, water, Salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mixed Greens | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 pounds mixed collard, mustard and turnip greens; 8 strips bacon; 6 cups water; Salt and pepper, to taste | INSTRUCTIONS: Wash the greens well, picking them over to remove any brown spots or blemishes. Drain well. Discard the discolored outer leaves and cut out the thick ribs. Tear the greens into pieces. Place the bacon strips in a large heavy saucepan and cook over medium heat until it is translucent and the bottom of the pan is coated with the rendered bacon fat. Add the greens and the water and bring to a boil over medium heat. Reduce the heat to low and continue to cook until the greens are tender, about 2 hours. Add the seasonings and serve hot. Top with traditional accompaniments, if desired.; <END>
INPUT: skins, russet potatoes, butter, Salt pepper, Cheddar, bacon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Potato Skins | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 large russet potatoes; 4 tablespoons butter, melted; Salt and pepper; 1 cup shredded Cheddar; 6 slices bacon, cooked and crumbled; 1 cup sour cream; 2 tablespoons prepared horseradish; 3 tablespoons sliced green onions; 1/2 cup chopped tomatoes; Chopped chives, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven at 350 degrees F. Clean and bake potatoes in oven for 1 hour. When done, allow to slightly cool and cut into halves. Preheat grill to medium heat. Scoop out the pulp, leaving a 1/4-inch thick shell for the toppings. Cut the potatoes into quarter wedges, brush with butter and season with salt and pepper. Place on grill and cook until crisp, about 10 minutes. During the last few minutes of grilling, remove potatoes and place on a cookie sheet. Top the potatoes with cheese and bacon and place back on top of grill. While potatoes are grilling, combine the sour cream and horseradish in <END>
INPUT: breads, all purpose flour, double acting baking, baking soda, sugar, scallion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Bacon, Cheddar, and Scallion Breads | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 cups all-purpose flour; 2 teaspoons double-acting baking powder; 1 teaspoon baking soda; 2 tablespoons sugar; 1 cup finely chopped scallion; 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 1 1/4 teaspoons salt; 1 1/2 teaspoons caraway seeds; 1 pound lean bacon, cooked, drained, reserving 2 tablespoons of the fat, and crumbled; 2 large eggs; 1 1/2 cups milk; 3 tablespoons Dijon-style mustard; 3 tablespoons vegetable shortening, melted and cooled; 2 cups coarsely grated extra-sharp Cheddar (about 1/2 pound) | INSTRUCTIONS: Into a bowl sift together the flour, the baking powder, the baking soda, and the sugar. In a skillet cook the scallion with the pepper, the salt, and the caraway seeds in reserved bacon fat over moderately low heat, stirring, until it is soft and let the mixture cool. In a large bowl whisk together the eggs, the milk, the mustard, the shortening, and the scallion mixture, add the flour mixture, and stir the batter until it is just combined. Stir in the Cheddar, divide the batter among 4 buttered and floured loaf pans, each 5 3/4 by 3 1/4 by 2 inches, and bake the breads in the middle of a preh <END>
INPUT: unsalted butter, virgin olive oil, Vidalia onion, celery, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Italian Sausage Stuffed Pork Chop | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 8 ounces unsalted butter; 2 ounces extra-virgin olive oil, plus more for searing; 1 Vidalia onion, thin julienne; 1 cup diced celery; 4 cloves garlic, split in 1/2 and sliced paper thin; 1 pound sweet Italian sausage, removed from casing; 8 ounces baby spinach; 1/2 cup croutons; 3 cups chicken stock; 3 ounces heavy cream; 1/2 bunch flat-leaf Italian parsley, chopped; 1 1/2 cups grated Parmigiano-Reggiano; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 4 (8-ounce) bone-in center cut pork chops, frenched, marinated in extra-virgin olive oil, sliced shallots and Italian herbs | INSTRUCTIONS: Stuffing: In large a rondeau or heavy bottomed pot over medium-low heat, add butter and olive oil, then sweat onion, celery and garlic until translucent, about 3 minutes. Add sausage, and allow it to cook through, stirring often. Add spinach and toasted croutons. Mix well then add chicken stock, cream and parsley. Cook until thickens. Add cheese and season with kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper. Allow stuffing to cool. Pork Chops: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. Make a 1-inch incision with a knife right next to the bone of the pork chop. Work the knife inside the pork chop to make a p <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, scallions, garlic, virgin olive oil, tomatoes juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Baked Shrimp with Scallions, Tomatoes, and Feta | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 4 scallions; 2 garlic cloves; 1 1/2 pounds large (21-25 count) shrimp; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; One 28-ounce can chopped tomatoes in juice; 1/2 cup crumbled feta cheese; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh dill or oregano | INSTRUCTIONS: PREP Chop white and green parts of scallions. Finely chop garlic. Peel and devein shrimp. Chop white and green parts of scallions. Finely chop garlic. Peel and devein shrimp. 1. Preheat oven to 400°F. Heat olive oil in a large ovenproof skillet over medium heat. Add scallions and garlic and cook, stirring often, until scallions wilt, about 2 minutes. Add tomatoes and their juice and bring to a boil. Cook until tomato juices thicken, about 5 minutes. Season with freshly ground pepper to taste. 2. Remove from heat and stir in shrimp. Sprinkle with feta cheese. 3. Bake until cheese melts and shri <END>
INPUT: Indian, goan, sauce, coriander seeds, cumin seeds, unsweetened coconut
OUTPUT: TITLE: Goan Shrimp in Roasted-Coconut Sauce | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 1 teaspoon coriander seeds; 1/2 teaspoon cumin seeds; 1 (1-inch) piece cinnamon stick, broken into pieces; 4 whole cloves; 1/4 cup unsweetened dried grated coconut; 1 teaspoon hot red-pepper flakes; 1/2 teaspoon turmeric; 3 tablespoons vegetable oil; 1 medium onion, finely chopped; 3 garlic cloves, finely chopped; 1 tablespoon grated peeled ginger (use a Microplane); 2 (4-inch) fresh hot green chiles, cut lengthwise into thin shreds, plus seeds; 1/4 cup Swad-brand tamarind concentrate (see cooks' note, below); 1 cup finely chopped plum tomato (1 large); 1 1/2 lb large shrimp, peeled | INSTRUCTIONS: Toast coriander, cumin, cinnamon, and cloves in a small heavy skillet over medium heat, shaking skillet, until fragrant and darker (do not burn), 3 to 4 minutes. Stir in coconut, red-pepper flakes, and turmeric and cook, stirring, until coconut is golden brown, 1 to 2 minutes. Transfer to a bowl and cool completely, then pulse in grinder until finely ground. Heat oil in a 12-inch heavy skillet over medium-high heat until it shimmers, then sauté onion until golden, 3 to 5 minutes. Add garlic, ginger, chiles, tamarind, and spice mixture and cook, stirring, 30 seconds. Add tomato and cook, stirri <END>
INPUT: Mexican, garlic, sweet hot Spanish, virgin olive oil, littleneck clams
OUTPUT: TITLE: Clams and Chorizo with Tomato and Garlic | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2 garlic cloves, minced; 1/4 lb sweet or hot Spanish chorizo (spicy cured pork sausage), cut into 1/4-inch dice (3/4 cup); 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 2 (14-oz) cans stewed tomatoes; 4 lb littleneck clams (2 inches in diameter), scrubbed | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook garlic and chorizo in oil in a 4- to 6-quart heavy pot over moderate heat, stirring occasionally, until garlic is golden, 1 to 2 minutes. Add tomatoes and bring to a simmer, breaking up any large pieces. Simmer, uncovered, stirring occasionally, until sauce is thickened, about 15 minutes. Stir in clams and cook, covered, over moderately high heat, stirring once, until clams open, 9 to 12 minutes. (Discard any that have not opened after 12 minutes.) Serve immediately. Cook garlic and chorizo in oil in a 4- to 6-quart heavy pot over moderate heat, stirring occasionally, until garlic is gold <END>
INPUT: American, crusted, fine breadcrumbs, olive oil, tomatoes, crumbled cheese
OUTPUT: TITLE: Blue Cheese Crusted Tomatoes | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup fine dry breadcrumbs; 1 tablespoon olive oil; 12 medium tomatoes; 3/4 cup crumbled blue cheese (about 3 ounces) | INSTRUCTIONS: Prepare barbecue (high heat), leaving opposite side unlit if gas grill or without coals if charcoal grill. Mix breadcrumbs and olive oil in small bowl, mashing to coat. Cut top 1/4 from each tomato. Sprinkle tomatoes with salt and pepper. Top each with 1 tablespoon blue cheese. Sprinkle with breadcrumb mixture. Arrange tomatoes (topping side up) on unlit side of grill. Cover grill and cook tomatoes until slightly soft and cheese melts, about 13 minutes. Serve immediately. Prepare barbecue (high heat), leaving opposite side unlit if gas grill or without coals if charcoal grill. Mix breadcrumbs  <END>
INPUT: soup, chicken stock, unsalted butter, leeks, onions, thyme
OUTPUT: TITLE: Potato and Leek Soup | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 quarts chicken stock (recipe follows); 3 tablespoons unsalted butter; 4 large leeks, washed and diced (about 3 cups); 2 large white onions, peeled and chopped (about 2 cups); 1 teaspoon dried thyme; 2 bay leaves; 2 cloves garlic, peeled and chopped; 1/2 teaspoon salt, plus additional to taste; 1/2 teaspoon ground white pepper, plus additional to taste; 4 raw Idaho potatoes (about 2 pounds) peeled and diced; French bread croutons | INSTRUCTIONS: While the chicken stock is preheating in one pot, melt the butter in another large, heavy-bottomed soup pot. Add the leeks, onions, thyme, bay leaves, garlic, 1/2 teaspoon salt and 1/2 teaspoon ground white pepper, and saute over medium heat until the vegetables are wilted, about 10 minutes. Add the preheated chicken stock to the vegetables and bring to a boil. Reduce to a simmer and cook 30 to 35 minutes. Add the potatoes, return the soup to a boil, then reduce to a simmer again. Continue to cook 20 minutes more, or until the potatoes are tender. Remove the bay leaves. Salt and white pepper t <END>
INPUT: Indian, shantelle, maple sugar, garam masala, orange juice, Ceylon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Shantelle's Glazed Ham | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup maple sugar; 2 teaspoons ground garam masala; 2 tablespoons orange juice; Ceylon cloves, for garnish; 1 (9-pound) fully cooked bone-in ham (shank or butt end) | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. For the glaze, combine the dry ingredients and break up any lumps with your fingers. Add enough orange juice to make the mixture spreadable. Score the ham, with a long thin knife, into a 1-inch-wide diamond pattern. Put the ham in a roasting pan and bake for 1 hour. After 1 hour, remove the ham from the oven and cover the top and sides, as evenly as possible, with the glaze. Press cloves into the points of the diamonds. Put the ham back in the oven and continue baking for another 1 hour and 15 minutes, brushing with glaze and ju <END>
INPUT: sauce, butter, leaves sage, heavy cream, gnocchi, Parmigiano
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sage Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup butter; 12 leaves fresh sage; 1 cup heavy cream; Cooked gnocchi; 1/2 cup grated Parmigiano; Freshly ground pepper to taste | INSTRUCTIONS: Cut the butter into pieces to facilitate melting. In a skillet, distribute the butter and sage, and stir over low heat until the butter has melted. Add the cream and cooked gnocchi, and cook over moderate heat, turning gently with a wooden spoon until the gnocchi are coated with sauce and heated thoroughly, about 1 to 2 minutes. Transfer the sauced gnocchi to serving plates, sprinkle with Parmigiano and pepper, and serve immediately.; <END>
INPUT: Asian, figs, sugar, chicken breast, canola oil, shallot
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken Fig Wonton | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 3 dried figs; 1/2 teaspoon sugar; 3/4 pound ground chicken breast; 2 tablespoons canola oil; 1 tablespoon minced shallot; 1 tablespoon soy sauce; 1 tablespoon dry sherry; 1/2 lemon, zested; Salt and pepper, to taste; 1 teaspoon cornstarch dissolved in 1 tablespoon water; 24 wonton wrappers; Canola oil, for frying | INSTRUCTIONS: In a food processor pulse the figs with the sugar until coarsely chopped. In a small bowl mix the figs with the chicken. In a hot wok heat the canola oil and add the shallot, stir-fry briefly. Add the chicken mixture break it up with chopsticks or spoon and cook until chicken turns grey. Add the soy sauce, dry sherry, lemon zest and salt and pepper. Mix well. Add cornstarch slurry and cook until mixture has slightly thickened. Turn mixture out onto a sheetpan and divide the mixture into 24 portions. Allow to cool. Place a wonton wrapper on a flat surface. Spoon 1 portion of the filling into th <END>
INPUT: Mexican, short, beef, Salt pepper, vegetable oil, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Short Ribs with Chipotle Cherries | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 5 pounds beef ribs, English style, cut into single ribs; Salt and freshly cracked black pepper; 1/4 cup vegetable oil; 1 (14.9-ounce) bottle dark beer (recommended: Guinness); 1 red onion, cut into 1-inch rounds; 3 shallots, peeled, cut into 1/2-inch pieces; 1 tablespoon cream sherry; 1/4 cup molasses; 1/4 cup onion, diced; 1 tablespoon garlic, minced; 1/4 teaspoon hot pepper flakes; 1 (15-ounce) can tart cherries; 1 (15-ounce) can cherries (sweet in light syrup); 1 tablespoon chipotle paste, or pureed chipotle with a little adobo sauce; 1 tablespoon molasses | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Short Ribs: Pat the ribs dry and season generously with salt and freshly cracked black pepper, to taste. In a large braising pot, preferably an enameled cast iron Dutch oven, heat the oil over high heat. Add the ribs in batches, so as not to crowd. Brown them deeply on each side and when all have been seared, remove them from the pot and add 1/3 of the beer to deglaze. Turn off the heat and scrape the fond from the bottom of the pan. Sauce: Strain the fat from the Dutch oven, leaving the juices and return the pot to medium-high  <END>
INPUT: Mexican, unsalted butter, chipotle chili adobo, salt, lime juice, six squares parchment
OUTPUT: TITLE: Scrod with Chipotle Butter and Black Beans Baked in Parchment | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened; 1 canned chipotle chili in adobo, chopped fine (about 1 tablespoon); 1/4 teaspoon salt; 1/2 teaspoon fresh lime juice; six 15-inch squares of parchment paper; 3 plum tomatoes, each cut lengthwise into 6 slices; six 6- to 7-ounce pieces scrod or cod fillet, skinned; 24 pitted green olives, halved lengthwise; 1 small red onion, cut into 1/4-inch-thick slices; 3/4 cup dry white wine; 4 tablespoons fresh lime juice; 6 sprigs oregano, if desired; six 7-inch pieces of kitchen string; three 15-ounce cans black beans, rinsed and drained (about 4 1/2 cups); 1 1/2 teaspoons chopped fresh oregano leaves or 1/2 teaspoon dried, crumbled | INSTRUCTIONS: Make chipotle butter: On a small plate with a fork, blend together well chipotle butter ingredients and chill. Chipotle butter may be made 5 days ahead and chilled, wrapped tightly. On a small plate with a fork, blend together well chipotle butter ingredients and chill. Chipotle butter may be made 5 days ahead and chilled, wrapped tightly. Preheat oven to 400°F. On a work surface arrange 1 parchment square and put 3/4 cup black beans and 3 tomato slices in center. Top tomato and beans with 1 piece of scrod or cod. Top the fish with 8 olive halves, about one sixth of onion slices, 2 tablespoons <END>
INPUT: cocktail, vanilla bean vanilla, water, sugar, Seedless grapes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fruit-Cocktail Gelatin Cups | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 vanilla bean or 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; 2 cups water; 1 cup sugar; 3 cups (total) fruit: pears, peeled, cored, cut in 1/2-inch chunks, pineapple, peeled, cored, sliced into 1/4 inch thick dice, peaches, peeled, pitted; Seedless grapes, halved; Orange segments; Cherries, pitted; Mango, peeled and cut into 1/2-inch chunks; 2 envelopes gelatin (5 teaspoons); 4 cups apple juice; 1/4 cup sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: If using a vanilla bean, split in half and scrape seeds out. Reserve all. In a medium saucepan, bring the water, sugar, and vanilla bean pod and seeds or extract to a boil. Lower the heat and simmer. Drop in the pear and pineapple and poach for 4 minutes. Remove with a slotted spoon and set aside. Drop in peach and nectarine, and poach for 2 minutes. Remove with a slotted spoon and set aside. Drop in grapes and orange segments, and poach for 1 minute. Remove with a slotted spoon and set aside. Drop in cherries, and poach for 2 minutes. Remove with a slotted spoon and set aside. Since they will <END>
INPUT: soup, beans cannellini, Confit Duck Legs, virgin olive oil, onions, carrots
OUTPUT: TITLE: White Bean Soup with Duck Confit | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound dried white beans such as cannellini (2 1/2 cups), picked over and rinsed; 4 Confit Duck Legs at room temperature; 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 2 medium onions, finely chopped; 2 large carrots, finely chopped; 2 celery ribs, finely chopped; 4 large garlic cloves, finely chopped; 2 Turkish bay leaves or 1 California; 2 large thyme sprigs; 2 whole cloves; 5 cups reduced-sodium chicken broth; 8 cups water; 1 (15-ounce) can diced tomatoes, drained; 1/3 cup Armagnac or Cognac; 1/2 cup chopped flat-leaf parsley | INSTRUCTIONS: Quick-soak beans by putting them in cold water to cover by 2 inches in a large pot. Bring to a boil, then boil 1 minute. Remove from heat and cover, then soak 1 hour. Drain, discarding liquid. Remove skin and bones from duck legs, reserving both, then coarsely shred meat. Heat oil in a large heavy pot over medium heat until it shimmers, then cook reserved bones, onions, carrots, celery, garlic, bay leaves, thyme, and cloves, stirring occasionally, until vegetables are softened, about 8 minutes. Add drained beans, broth, water, and tomatoes and simmer, partially covered, stirring and skimming f <END>
INPUT: spritzer, watermelon chunks, ice, sugar, lime juice, seltzer water
OUTPUT: TITLE: Watermelon Spritzer | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 cups watermelon chunks, seeds removed; 1 cup ice; 2 tablespoons sugar; 2 tablespoons lime juice; 2 cups seltzer water, chilled; Mint leaves or sprigs, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: In a blender, puree the watermelon, ice, sugar and lime juice and blend until completely liquid. Pour into a pitcher and top with the seltzer water. Pour into glasses and garnish with mint. <END>
INPUT: Asian, sugar, soy sauce, hoisin sauce, ginger, pepper flakes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Asian Glazed Salmon | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup brown sugar; 1/3 cup soy sauce; 2 tablespoons hoisin sauce; 2 tablespoons peeled and sliced ginger; Dried red pepper flakes; 1/2 teaspoon chopped garlic; 1 tablespoon fresh lime juice; 1 1/2 to 2 pounds salmon fillets | INSTRUCTIONS: Place the sugar, soy sauce, hoisin sauce, ginger, dash of red pepper flakes, garlic, and lime juice in a medium nonreactive saucepan. Bring the mixture to a boil, reduce the heat to medium, and cook for 15 to 20 minutes, or until the sauce forms a glaze. Set aside. Preheat the broiler. Place the salmon fillets on a broiler pan and baste with the sauce. Let sit for 15 minutes. Broil them until cooked through, about 8 minutes, basting again with the glaze. Remove the salmon from the heat and baste once more with the glaze before serving. Place the sugar, soy sauce, hoisin sauce, ginger, dash of  <END>
INPUT: American, wedge, dressing, buttermilk, mayonnaise, sour cream, Juice lemon, garlic powder
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lettuce Wedge with Blue Cheese Dressing | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup buttermilk; 1 cup mayonnaise; 1/2 cup sour cream; Juice of 1 large lemon (about 1/4 cup); 1 1/2 teaspoons garlic powder; 1 1/2 teaspoons onion powder; 6 ounces blue cheese, crumbled; Kosher salt and freshly cracked pepper; 10 slices bacon; 3 heads iceberg lettuce; 2 medium tomatoes, finely diced | INSTRUCTIONS: In a medium mixing bowl, combine the buttermilk, mayonnaise, sour cream, lemon juice, garlic powder and onion powder. Whisk the mixture together until smooth. Add the blue cheese and mix just until blended. Season with salt and pepper. Chill in an airtight container in the refrigerator for at least 2 hours and up 2 days before serving. Cut the bacon into 1/4- to 1/2-inch pieces and cook them in a large skillet over medium heat until brown and crisp, 5 to 7 minutes. Core and quarter each head of lettuce and divide among 12 salad plates. Serve a generous dollop of dressing over each lettuce wedg <END>
INPUT: Italian, margherita, Bertolli® Olive Oil, mozzarella cheese, Bertolli® Virgin Olive, basil leaves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Pizza Margherita | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup Bertolli® Olive Oil & Garlic Sauce; 1 (12-in.) prebaked pizza crust; 4 ounces fresh mozzarella cheese, thinly sliced; Bertolli® Extra Virgin Olive Oil; chopped fresh basil leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: Evenly spread sauce on pizza crust, then top with cheese. Grill covered over medium heat, rotating pizza occasionally, 10 minutes or until sauce is hot and cheese is melted. Drizzle with olive oil, sprinkle with basil and serve immediately. Calories 440, Calories From Fat 150, Saturated Fat 6g, Trans Fat 0g, Total Fat 16g, Cholesterol 30mg, Sodium 490mg, Total Carbohydrate 49g, Sugars 6g, Dietary Fiber 4g, Protein 18g, Vitamin A 6%, Vitamin C 0%, Calcium 25%, Iron 15% <END>
INPUT: foster, unsalted butter, dark sugar, dark rum, nutmeg, slice pineapple
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pineapple Foster | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon unsalted butter; 2 tablespoons dark brown sugar; 2 tablespoons dark rum; Pinch of ground nutmeg; 1 3/4-inch-thick slice fresh pineapple, peeled, cored, cut into chunks; Vanilla ice cream | INSTRUCTIONS: Melt butter and sugar in heavy medium nonstick skillet over medium heat, stirring constantly. Add rum and nutmeg and stir until very thick and syrupy, about 2 minutes. Add pineapple and stir just to heat through. Spoon pineapple and sauce over ice cream. Melt butter and sugar in heavy medium nonstick skillet over medium heat, stirring constantly. Add rum and nutmeg and stir until very thick and syrupy, about 2 minutes. Add pineapple and stir just to heat through. Spoon pineapple and sauce over ice cream. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, tacos, tomatillos, serrano, Olive oil, onion, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Shredded Chicken and Tomatillo Tacos with Queso Fresco | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 6 tomatillos, husked, washed, and grilled until blackened; 1 serrano, grilled until blackened; Olive oil; 1/2 small red onion, coarsely chopped; 2 cloves garlic, coarsely chopped; 1 cup chopped fresh cilantro; 1 lime, juiced; 2 tablespoons honey; 1 1/2 cups shredded rotisserie chicken; 8 blue corn tortillas; 1 cup crumbled queso fresco | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the grill to medium. Add the blackened tomatillos and serrano to a small saute pan and briefly saute in a little olive oil on the grates of the grill. Place the tomatillos, serrano, onion, garlic, cilantro, lime juice, and honey in a blender and blend until smooth. Place the tomatillo mixture in a large saute pan and place on the grates of the grill. Bring the mixture to a simmer, add the chicken, and heat through. Place the tortillas on the grill, and grill for 20 seconds on each side. Spoon the chicken mixture into the tortillas and top with a few table <END>
INPUT: cheesy, virgin olive oil, shallot, converted rice, tomato sauce, broccoli florets tender
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cheesy Broccoli-Stuffed Chicken with Tomato Rice | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon plus 1 teaspoon extra-virgin olive oil; 1 small shallot, minced; 3/4 cup converted white rice; 1 8-ounce can tomato sauce; 1 cup finely chopped broccoli florets and tender stalks; 1/4 cup garlic-and-herb cheese spread (such as Boursin); 1/2 teaspoon grated lemon zest; Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper; 4 small skinless, boneless chicken breasts (6 to 8 ounces each); 1/2 teaspoon paprika; 1/4 cup roughly chopped fresh parsley | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F. Heat 1 teaspoon olive oil in a small saucepan over medium heat. Add the shallot and cook, stirring occasionally, until softened, about 3 minutes. Stir in the rice until well coated. Add the tomato sauce and 3/4 cup water. Bring to a boil, then reduce the heat to a simmer. Cover and cook until the liquid is absorbed and the rice is tender, about 18 minutes. Remove from the heat and set aside, covered. Meanwhile, mix the broccoli, cheese spread, lemon zest, 1 teaspoon olive oil and a pinch each of salt and pepper in a small bowl; set aside. Line a rimmed baking <END>
INPUT: Indian, golden, unsweetened non dairy, honey
OUTPUT: TITLE: Golden Milk Turmeric Tea | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup unsweetened non-dairy milk, preferably coconut milk beverage or almond milk; 1 (3-inch) cinnamon stick; 1 (1-inch) piece turmeric, unpeeled, thinly sliced, or 1/2 teaspoon dried turmeric; 1 (1/2-inch) piece ginger, unpeeled, thinly sliced; 1 tablespoon honey; 1 tablespoon virgin coconut oil; 1/4 teaspoon whole black peppercorns; Ground cinnamon (for serving) | INSTRUCTIONS: Whisk coconut milk, cinnamon, turmeric, ginger, honey, coconut oil, peppercorns, and 1 cup water in a small saucepan; bring to a low boil. Reduce heat and simmer until flavors have melded, about 10 minutes. Strain through a fine-mesh sieve into mugs and top with a dash of cinnamon. Whisk coconut milk, cinnamon, turmeric, ginger, honey, coconut oil, peppercorns, and 1 cup water in a small saucepan; bring to a low boil. Reduce heat and simmer until flavors have melded, about 10 minutes. Strain through a fine-mesh sieve into mugs and top with a dash of cinnamon. Do Ahead Golden milk can be made 5 <END>
INPUT: seasoned, Loaf French Italian, sharp cheddar cheese, onion, olive oil, wine vinegar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Hot Seasoned French Bread with Ham and Tomatoes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Loaf of French or Italian bread; 2/3 cup grated sharp white cheddar cheese; 1/4 cup finely diced red onion; 2 tablespoons of olive oil; 1 tablespoon red wine vinegar; 1/4 teaspoon dried oregano; 1/4 cup chopped pitted black olives; 2 tomatoes, very thinly sliced; 4 to 6 ounces Black Forest ham, thinly sliced | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees. Split the loaf of bread in half, lengthwise; set the bread, crusts side down, on a baking sheet. In a mixing bowl combine the cheese, onion, olive oil, vinegar, oregano and olives; season to taste. Spread the mixture over each bread half. Bake until hot. Remove from oven. Spread the hot loaves with tomato slices, then drape thin slices of ham over tomates and eat hot, accompanied with salad. <END>
INPUT: milk, bittersweet semisweet chocolate, peppermint schnapps, Whipped cream, peppermint
OUTPUT: TITLE: Hot Chocolate with Peppermint Schnapps | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 quart milk (skim, 2 percent or whole) or half-and-half; 6 ounces bittersweet or semisweet chocolate, chopped (recommended: Scharffenberger); 9 ounces peppermint schnapps; Whipped cream, for serving; 6 peppermint sticks, for serving | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat 1 cup of the milk in a medium saucepan over low heat. Add chocolate, stirring constantly, until melted. When the chocolate has melted, increase heat to medium and add the remainder of the milk while whisking rapidly. Do not allow to boil. Serve in small cups fortified with a jigger (1 1/2 ounces) of peppermint schnapps and a dollop of whipped cream. Add a peppermint stick to stir. If transporting in a thermos, heat thermos up with hot water to get it warm for 1 minute. Pour water out and fill with hot chocolate. <END>
INPUT: French, roast, vermouth, tarragon, garlic, turkey
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tarragon Roast Turkey with Vermouth | CUISINE: French | INGREDIENTS: 8 tablespoons (1 stick) unsalted butter; 2 tablespoons plus 2/3 cup dry white vermouth; 1 1/2 tablespoons dried tarragon; 4 garlic cloves, mashed, chopped; 1 12- to 14-pound turkey; neck, gizzard and heart reserved; 2 cups canned low-salt chicken broth; 2 teaspoons cornstarch | INSTRUCTIONS: Mix 5 tablespoons butter, 2 tablespoons vermouth, 1 tablespoon tarragon, and garlic in medium saucepan. Bring to simmer over medium-low heat, stirring until butter melts. Simmer for 1 minute. Season mixture with salt and pepper. (Can be made 1 day ahead. Cover; chill. Before using, stir over low heat until butter melts.) Set rack in bottom third of oven and preheat to 400°F. Rinse turkey inside and out; pat dry. Place turkey on rack in large roasting pan. Place reserved turkey parts in roasting pan. Sprinkle turkey inside and out with salt and pepper. Tuck wing tips under turkey; tie legs toge <END>
INPUT: confit, olive oil, onions, bell peppers, bell pepper, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken and Bell Pepper with Onion Confit | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 cup plus 7 tablespoons olive oil; 2 medium onions, thinly sliced; 2 red bell peppers, very thinly sliced; 1 yellow bell pepper, very thinly sliced; 6 garlic cloves, minced; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh thyme; 1 tablespoon sugar; 1/4 cup fresh lemon juice; 4 skinless boneless chicken breast halves; 3/4 cup all purpose flour | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat 3/4 cup oil in heavy large saucepan over medium-high heat. Add onions and sauté 3 minutes. Add all bell peppers, garlic, thyme, and sugar; sauté 5 minutes. Reduce heat to medium-low. Cover and cook until vegetables are very soft, stirring occasionally, about 15 minutes longer. Drain confit and cool; discard cooking oil. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Puree 1/2 cup bell pepper mixture, lemon juice, and 5 tablespoons olive oil in blender until smooth. Season sauce to taste with salt and pepper. (Bell pepper confit and sauce can be made 1 day ahead. Cover separately and refrigerate.)  <END>
INPUT: Asian, cured, canapes, coriander seeds, fennel seeds, cumin seeds, sugar, kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lemongrass-Cured Salmon Canapes | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon coriander seeds; 1 tablespoon fennel seeds; 2 teaspoons cumin seeds; 1/3 cup sugar; 1/2 cup kosher salt; 4 stalks fresh lemongrass; 1 bunch cilantro, with stems; 2 (12-ounce) salmon center cut fillets, with skin attached (each equal size); Thinly sliced cucumbers (about 25 slices); Boiled small fingerling potatoes, quartered, optional (about 25 pieces); Micro cilantro or other tender micro herbs, such as mint or basil | INSTRUCTIONS: Toast the whole spices in a dry skillet over medium heat until fragrant, 2 to 3 minutes. Cool slightly and crush in a mortar and pestle or in a spice grinder. Mix the sugar, salt, and spices together. Roughly chop both the lemongrass stalks and cilantro, then mix them together, this can be done either by hand or in a food processor. Lay the salmon, skin side down on a cutting board. Pull the pin bones from the fillets if needed. Scatter the curing mixture over the fish, and then the lemongrass and cilantro mixture. (This may seem like a lot of rub but use it all.) Sandwich the fillets together <END>
INPUT: onion, bell pepper, garlic, butter, ketchup
OUTPUT: TITLE: String Beans and Tomatoes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 small onion, finely chopped; 1 red bell pepper, finely chopped; 2 cloves garlic, minced; 1 tablespoon butter; 1/3 cup ketchup; 1/2 cup grated carrot; 1 teaspoon dried basil; 2 large tomatoes, diced; One 10-ounce can tomatoes with chiles, such as Rotel; 3 cups sliced fresh string beans, in 1/2-inch pieces; Salt and pepper; Rice, for serving | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. In a medium skillet, saute the onions, bell peppers and garlic in the butter until tender. Add the ketchup, carrots, basil, and fresh and canned tomatoes, then cook for 10 to 15 minutes more. Add the string beans, season with salt and pepper and continue cooking until the vegetables are tender, taking care not to overcook the beans. Serve over rice or as a side dish. <END>
INPUT: pane, burro, country bread, Unsalted butter, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pane, Burro e Zucchero: Bread, Butter, and Sugar | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 12 slices country bread; Unsalted butter, for spreading; Brown sugar, for sprinkling | INSTRUCTIONS: Generously spread the butter on each slice of bread, sprinkle with brown sugar and serve. <END>
INPUT: tamal, milk, chocolate, butter, sugar, corn flour
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate Tamal | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup milk; 1 pound melted chocolate; 1 pound butter; 2 cups sugar; 1 1/2 pounds corn flour; 1 tablespoon baking powder; 20 cornhusks | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Boil the milk and add the chocolate. Stir constantly until chocolate is completely melted. Add the butter and the sugar. Mix until smooth. Set aside to cool. Mix in the corn flour and baking powder together in a bowl. Slowly add the hot liquid and mix by hand for 10 minutes. Grease 2 dozen muffin pans and line with corn husks. Fill with tamal mixture and bake for 20 minutes. <END>
INPUT: smoked paprika, garlic powder, kosher salt, pepper, Zest juice lemon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lemon-Paprika Roasted Salmon | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 teaspoon smoked paprika; 1 teaspoon garlic powder; 1 teaspoon kosher salt; 1/2 teaspoon ground black pepper; Zest and juice of 1 lemon; 2 tablespoons olive oil, divided; 2 1/2-pound salmon fillet; 1 pound green beans, trimmed; 3 cloves garlic, minced; 1 teaspoon kosher salt; 1/4 cup chopped Marcona almonds | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat the oven to 400°F. Line a rimmed baking sheet with foil, then coat it lightly with cooking spray. In a small bowl, mix together the paprika, garlic powder, salt, pepper, and lemon zest. Add 1 tablespoon of the olive oil, then mix well. Set the salmon on the prepared pan. Gently rub the oil-seasoning mixture over the salmon. Set aside. In a medium bowl, toss the green beans with the remaining 1 tablespoon of olive oil, the garlic, and salt. Arrange the green beans around the salmon. Roast for 25 minutes or until the fish flakes easily when tested with a fork. Sprinkle the green beans with  <END>
INPUT: virgin olive oil, almonds, garlic, smoked paprika, Coarse kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Broccolini with Smoked Paprika, Almonds, and Garlic | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, divided; 1/2 cup whole almonds, coarsely chopped; 3 large garlic cloves, chopped; 1 1/2 teaspoons smoked paprika*; Coarse kosher salt; 2 pounds broccolini, rinsed, stalks cut into 2- to 3-inch lengths; 1/3 cup water; 1 to 2 teaspoons Sherry wine vinegar | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat 1 tablespoon oil in heavy large skillet over medium-high heat. Add almonds. Stir until lightly browned, 2 to 3 minutes. Add garlic and paprika. Sprinkle with coarse salt; sauté 1 minute. Transfer to small bowl. Add remaining 2 tablespoons oil to skillet. Add broccolini; sprinkle with coarse salt. Add 1/3 cup water. Cover and boil until crisp-tender and still bright green, about 4 minutes. Pour off any water. Stir in almond mixture. Season to taste with coarse salt and pepper. Mix in 1 to 2 teaspoons vinegar. Transfer broccolini to bowl and serve. Heat 1 tablespoon oil in heavy large skill <END>
INPUT: Italian, sunny, self rising flour, plain Greek yogurt, garlic herb seasoning, pizza sauce, mozzarella
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sunny's Easy as 1-2-3 Pizza | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 3 cups self-rising flour, plus more for rolling; 2 cups plain Greek yogurt; 1 heaping tablespoon garlic and herb seasoning blend; 1 cup pizza sauce, BBQ sauce, pesto or Alfredo sauce; 2 cups shredded mozzarella; 3 toppings such as pepperoni, cooked sausage, garlic, onions and peppers, chopped rotisserie chicken, ham, pineapple, olives, etc | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: a stand mixer with a paddle and dough hook attachment Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. For the dough: In a stand mixer with the paddle attachment, add the flour, yogurt and seasoning blend and mix until combined and tacky. Scrape off the dough from the paddle and replace the paddle with the kneading (dough hook) attachment. Sprinkle in a bit more flour and knead on medium until a ball forms. On a floured surface, roll out the dough to a big thin circle or divide the dough in half to make 2 pizzas. For the toppings: Place the pizza on a baking sheet or pizza stone. Leaving  <END>
INPUT: honey, Juice limes, cinnamon, pineapple, vanilla ice cream
OUTPUT: TITLE: Honey Glazed Grilled Pineapple | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup honey; Juice of 2 limes (depending on how juicy the limes are); 1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1/2 pineapple, cut into 3/4-inch thick rings, core removed; 3/4 cup vanilla ice cream | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. In a baking dish, mix together the honey, lime juice, and cinnamon. Place the pineapple slices in the glaze and let marinate 2 hours, turning occasionally. Preheat a grill pan over medium heat. Place the pineapple slices on the preheated grill. Grill on both sides until the glaze caramelizes and grill marks form, about 2 minutes per side. To serve: Place the pineapple slices on individual plates and top with a scoop of ice cream. Drizzle the remaining honey syrup over the top. <END>
INPUT: parfait, nonfat vanilla yogurt, lime juice, cayenne pepper, banana
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tropical Fruit Parfait | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups nonfat vanilla yogurt (recommended: Dannon Lite and Fit); 2 teaspoons lime juice; 1 pinch cayenne pepper; 1 (15.25-ounce) can tropical fruit salad, drained (recommended: Dole); 1 banana, sliced; 1 cup cinnamon granola cereal; Fresh mint sprigs, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: In a small bowl stir together yogurt, lime juice, and cayenne pepper; set aside. Spoon 1/4 of drained fruit into the bottom of 2 wine or parfait glasses. Add 1/4 of the banana. Spoon 1/4 cup yogurt mixture over fruit and top with 1/4 cup of granola. Repeat layers. Serve immediately garnished with a sprig of fresh mint. <END>
INPUT: chicken broth, porcini mushrooms, wild rice, salt, bay leaves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Wild Rice with Wild Mushrooms | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cups canned chicken broth; 3/4 ounce dried porcini mushrooms, rinsed under cold water; 1 1/4 cups wild rice, rinsed under cold water; 1 teaspoon salt; 1 1/2 bay leaves; 3 tablespoons butter; 3/4 cup finely chopped onion; 1/2 cup finely chopped carrot; 2 garlic cloves, minced; 3/4 teaspoon dried marjoram; 1/2 teaspoon dried thyme; 9 medium crimini or button mushrooms, sliced | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring broth to boil in small saucepan. Remove from heat; add porcini mushrooms and let stand until soft, about 30 minutes. Drain, reserving soaking liquid. Finely chop porcini. Bring medium saucepan of water to boil. Add rice, salt and bay leaves. Reduce heat to medium and simmer until rice is almost tender, about 45 minutes. Drain; discard bay leaves. (Porcini and rice can be prepared 1 day ahead. Cover porcini, soaking liquid and rice separately and refrigerate.) Melt butter in large nonstick skillet over medium heat. Add onion, carrot, garlic, marjoram, thyme and porcini and sauté 5 minutes <END>
INPUT: asparagus, sugar snap peas, good olive oil, Kosher salt, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sauteed Asparagus and Snap Peas | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound asparagus; 3/4-pound sugar snap peas; 2 tablespoons good olive oil; Kosher salt; Freshly ground black pepper; Red pepper flakes, optional; Sea salt, for serving | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Cut off the tough ends of the asparagus and slice the stalks diagonally into 2-inch pieces. Snap off the stem ends of the snap peas and pull the string down the length of the vegetable. Warm the olive oil in a large saute pan over a medium heat and add the asparagus and snap peas. Add the salt, pepper, and red pepper flakes, to taste, if desired. Cook for approximately 5 to10 minutes until al dente, tossing occasionally. Sprinkle with sea salt and serve hot. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, sangrita, tomato juice, chipotle puree adobo, Juice from lemon, shot reposado tequila
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chipotle Sangrita | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup tomato juice; 1 teaspoon chipotle puree in adobo sauce; Juice from 1 lemon wedge; 1 1/2-ounce chilled shot of reposado tequila | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine the tomato juice, chipotle puree, and lemon juice and stir well. Chill. When ready to serve, pour into a shot glass along-side the chilled shot of reposado tequila. Shoot the shot of tequila and follow it with the Sangrita shot. Combine the tomato juice, chipotle puree, and lemon juice and stir well. Chill. When ready to serve, pour into a shot glass along-side the chilled shot of reposado tequila. Shoot the shot of tequila and follow it with the Sangrita shot. <END>
INPUT: cocktail, water, sugar, tamarind concentrate, lime juice, vodka
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tamarind and Vodka Cocktail | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 8 cups water; 3/4 cup sugar; 1/2 cup plus 8 teaspoons tamarind concentrate,* divided; 2 tablespoons plus 4 teaspoons fresh lime juice, divided; 12 tablespoons vodka, divided; 4 cups ice cubes, divided; Lime slices | INSTRUCTIONS: Stir 8 cups water, sugar, 1/2 cup tamarind concentrate, and 2 tablespoons lime juice in large pitcher until sugar dissolves. DO AHEAD: Cocktail base can be made 1 day ahead. Cover and refrigerate. Combine 1/2 cup cocktail base, 3 tablespoons vodka, 2 teaspoons tamarind concentrate, and 1 teaspoon lime juice in cocktail shaker. Add 1 cup ice cubes; shake 30 seconds to chill. Strain into 2 Martini glasses. Garnish with lime slices. Repeat 3 more times for 8 cocktails. Stir 8 cups water, sugar, 1/2 cup tamarind concentrate, and 2 tablespoons lime juice in large pitcher until sugar dissolves. DO A <END>
INPUT: Italian, piece baguette, low sodium applewood, pesto, low fat mayonnaise, spear romaine lettuce
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fresh Mozzarella BLT with Pesto | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 4-inch piece baguette; 2 slices low-sodium applewood-smoked bacon; 1 1/2 teaspoons store-bought pesto; 1 1/2 teaspoons low-fat mayonnaise; 1 spear romaine lettuce; 2 thick slices heirloom tomato; 1 thick slice fresh mozzarella; Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Slice the baguette open, leaving one side attached to form a hinge. Cook the bacon in a skillet over low heat until crispy; drain on paper towels. Combine the pesto with the mayonnaise and smear on the bottom part of the bread. Layer the romaine on the bread, then the tomato, bacon and mozzarella. Season with salt and pepper; close the sandwich and wrap in parchment paper. Photograph by Hallie Burton <END>
INPUT: cranberry, breads, all purpose flour, double acting baking, baking soda, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Apricot Orange Cranberry Breads | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 1/2 cups all-purpose flour; 1 1/2 teaspoons double-acting baking powder; 1 teaspoon baking soda; 1 teaspoon salt; 1 stick (1/2 cup) unsalted butter, softened; 1 cup sugar; 1 tablespoon plus 1 teaspoon freshly grated orange zest; 2 large eggs; 2/3 cup fresh orange juice; 2/3 cup milk; 2/3 cup finely chopped dried apricots; 2/3 cup chopped walnuts or pecans; 3 cups cranberries, picked over and chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: Into a bowl sift together the flour, the baking powder, the baking soda, and the salt. In a large bowl with an electric mixer cream the butter with the sugar and beat in the zest and the eggs, 1 at a time. Beat in the orange juice and the milk and beat the mixture until it is combined well (it will appear curdled). Add the flour mixture and beat the batter until it is just combined. Stir in the apricots, the walnuts, and the cranberries, divide the batter among 5 buttered and floured loaf pans, each 5 3/4 by 3 1/4 by 2 inches, and bake the breads in the middle of a preheated 350°F. oven for 40 <END>
INPUT: gin, lime wedges, tonic water
OUTPUT: TITLE: Gin & Tonic | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 ounces gin (preferably Tanqueray); 1 to 3 lime wedges; 3 to 4 ounces tonic water | INSTRUCTIONS: Add 2 ounces gin (preferably Tanqueray) to a highball glass filled with ice. Squeeze in 1-3 lime wedges to taste, then add them to glass. Add 3-4 ounces tonic water; stir to combine. Add 2 ounces gin (preferably Tanqueray) to a highball glass filled with ice. Squeeze in 1-3 lime wedges to taste, then add them to glass. Add 3-4 ounces tonic water; stir to combine. <END>
INPUT: Italian, christina, roll, olive oil, eggplant, eggs, ricotta, spears asparagus
OUTPUT: TITLE: Christina's Chicken Parmesan Eggplant Asparagus Roll-Ups | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup olive oil; 1/2 cup diced eggplant; 3 eggs; 1/2 cup ricotta; 6 spears canned asparagus, finely chopped; 1/2 cup grated mozzarella; 1/4 cup, plus 2 tablespoons grated Parmesan; 1 tablespoon dried oregano; 1 teaspoon salt, plus more for seasoning chicken; 1 teaspoon freshly ground pepper, plus more for seasoning chicken; 4 boneless, skinless chicken breast halves; 1 1/2 cups all-purpose flour; 1 1/2 cups Italian-style seasoned bread crumbs; 4 tablespoons unsalted butter; 2 tablespoons vegetable shortening | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Heat olive oil in a medium skillet over medium-heat. Add eggplant and saute until tender, about 5 minutes. Drain and set aside. In a mixing bowl, whisk 1 egg with the ricotta. Stir in the reserved eggplant, asparagus, 1/4 cup of the mozzarella, 1/4 cup Parmesan, oregano, salt, and pepper. Set aside. Put the chicken breasts in a large plastic bag and pound until very thin and of even thickness. Remove chicken from bag and season with salt and pepper. Spoon a generous dollop of the cheese mixture near the bottom edge of 1 piece of chicken and roll it into a cyl <END>
INPUT: Italian, bolognese, virgin olive oil, onion, carrot, celery, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pasta with Lentil Bolognese | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1/2 small onion, chopped; 1 small carrot, chopped; 1 stalk celery, chopped; 4 garlic cloves, minced; 1 1/2 teaspoons tomato paste; 2 (16-ounce) cans whole peeled plum tomatoes, drained and roughly chopped (juice reserved); 1 1/4 cups dried French green lentils; Coarse sea or kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper to taste; 1 pound shaped pasta, such as cavatappi, rigatoni, or ziti; Pecorino cheese, grated or shaved; Fresh basil, chopped (optional) | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. In a large pot over medium heat, warm the olive oil. Add the onion, carrot, celery, and garlic and cook slowly until the vegetables soften and turn golden, about 20 minutes. 2. Increase heat to medium-high and add the tomato paste. Cook until the mixture dries out a bit, about 3 minutes. Pour in the reserved juice from the tomatoes and cook, scraping the browned bits from the bottom of the pan, until the liquid has reduced by half, 1 to 2 minutes. 3. Stir in the lentils, tomatoes, and 1 cup water. Bring to a boil, then reduce heat. Season with the salt and pepper and simmer until the lentil <END>
INPUT: brandade, cannellini beans, piece smoked whitefish, garlic, milk, thyme leaves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Smoked Fish and White Bean Brandade | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: a 19-ounce can cannellini beans, rinsed and drained; a 1-pound piece smoked whitefish, skin and bones discarded and fish flaked (about 3 cups); 1 garlic clove, chopped and mashed to a paste with 1/2 teaspoon salt; 3/4 cup milk; 2 teaspoons fresh thyme leaves, minced; Accompaniment: Melba toasts or red bell pepper, cut into wide strips | INSTRUCTIONS: In a food processor blend beans, fish, and garlic paste until smooth. With motor running add milk in a slow stream. Stir in thyme and salt to taste. Serve brandade with toasts or bell pepper strips. In a food processor blend beans, fish, and garlic paste until smooth. With motor running add milk in a slow stream. Stir in thyme and salt to taste. Serve brandade with toasts or bell pepper strips. <END>
INPUT: Italian, tomato, basil, limes, garlic, ginger root, rice vinegar, soy sauce
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Swordfish and Fiddleheads with Tomato Basil Salsa | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 3 fresh limes; 3 cloves garlic, lightly crushed with the side of a knife blade and quartered; 1-ounce peeled fresh ginger root (1 to 1 1/2-inch piece) and cut into 1/4-inch cubes; 1/2 cup rice vinegar; 1/4 cup soy sauce; 6 scallions, sliced on the bias; 2 pounds cleaned swordfish, skin removed and cut into blocks; 1/4 cup olive oil; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 16 fiddleheads (new shoots of ostrich ferns), swirled in cold water and rubbed with your fingers to remove fuzzy covering; 2 tablespoons rice wine vinegar; 1 garlic clove, lightly crushed with the side of a knife blade and quartered; 1/2 teaspoon Dijon mustard; 1/2 cup extra-virgin olive oil; Salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: To marinate the fish: Microwave the limes in a small bowl to release the essential oils. Set limes aside until just cool enough to handle. Through the feed opening of a running blender, add 1 at a time, garlic, ginger, vinegar, soy sauce, and scallions. Then, leaving the blender running, squeeze in the juice from the microwaved limes. Place the swordfish in a nonreactive container and pour the marinade over. Cover and refrigerate for 6 to 8 hours. To marinate the fiddleheads: Place the fiddleheads in a nonreactive bowl. Make the vinaigrette, by adding, 1 at a time, through the feed opening of  <END>
INPUT: darling, orange sherbet, ice, vanilla vodka, shots orange liqueur, orange juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Darling Clementine | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups orange sherbet; 2 cups ice; 1 cup vanilla vodka; 2 shots orange liqueur; 1/4 cup orange juice; Clementine wedges, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Put all ingredients in blender. Blend 1 to 2 minutes or until smooth. Pour into glasses. Serve with straw. Garnish with clementine wedges <END>
INPUT: bake, good olive oil, onion, kosher salt, pepper, potatoes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Beer Clam Bake | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup good olive oil; 1 large yellow onion, sliced; 1 tablespoon kosher salt; 1/2 tablespoon freshly ground black pepper; 2 pounds small red potatoes; 3 ears of corn, husked and halved; 1 pound Andouille sausage, sliced 1 inch thick; 1 dozen Manila clams, scrubbed; 1 pound mussels, cleaned and debearded; 1 pound jumbo shell-on shrimp; Two 12-ounce bottles pale ale beer; 6 fresh thyme sprigs; 1/2 cup chopped fresh parsley, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat the oil in a heavy-bottom 8-quart stockpot over medium-high heat. Add the onions and cook until slightly browned, 8 to 10 minutes. In layers, add the salt, pepper, potatoes, corn, sausage, clams, mussels and shrimp. Add the beer and thyme. Cover and bring to a boil, about 10 minutes. Lower the heat and simmer until the potatoes are tender and the clams and mussels are all open, about 20 minutes more. Transfer to a large platter, sprinkle with the parsley and serve. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, wrapped, Medjool dates, aged Manchego cheese, links chorizo, bacon, maple syrup
OUTPUT: TITLE: Bacon-Wrapped Dates with Chorizo and Manchego | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 12 pitted Medjool dates; 8 ounces aged Manchego cheese, cut into 12 rectangular logs; 3 links fresh chorizo, casing removed; 6 slices bacon, halved; 2 tablespoons maple syrup; 2 tablespoons sherry vinegar | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: 12 toothpicks Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Make an incision lengthwise in each date, open and flatten. Insert a piece of cheese in the center of each date. Break each chorizo link into quarters. Form each piece of chorizo into a log and squish it inside the date onto the cheese. Close the date around the filling and squeeze to secure. Wrap each date with a bacon strip and secure with a toothpick. Repeat for the remaining dates, cheese, chorizo and bacon. Place the dates on a baking sheet and roast until the bacon starts to crisp, 7 to 8 minutes. Turn the dates over and <END>
INPUT: butter, shallot, Kosher salt pepper, Two packages petite, mint
OUTPUT: TITLE: Butter Mint Peas | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 tablespoons butter, cut into pats; 1 small shallot, minced; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; Two 16-ounce packages frozen petite peas, thawed; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh mint; 3 tablespoons heavy cream | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Add the butter to a large saute pan over medium-high heat. Once melted, add the shallots and saute until tender, 2 to 3 minutes. Sprinkle with a pinch of salt and pepper. Stir in the peas and cook until they are just warmed through, about 4 minutes. Add the mint and cream and stir together. Serve. <END>
INPUT: curried, rolls, boiling potatoes, vegetable oil, mustard seeds, curry powder, nonfat plain yogurt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Smoked Salmon and Curried-Potato Nori Rolls | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 pound boiling potatoes (about 2 medium); 1 teaspoon vegetable oil; 2 teaspoons mustard seeds (preferably black); 1/2 teaspoon curry powder; 1/4 cup nonfat plain yogurt; 1 tablespoon minced fresh flat-leafed parsley leaves; 1/2 small cucumber (about 3 ounces); 4 1/2 ounces smoked salmon; 6 8- by 7 1/2-inch sheets toasted nori (dried laver) | INSTRUCTIONS: Peel potatoes and cut into 1/2-inch cubes. In a large heavy saucepan cover potatoes with salted water by 1 inch and bring to a boil. Simmer potatoes until tender, about 5 minutes. Drain potatoes in a colander and cool slightly.While potatoes are cooling, in a small non-stick skillet heat oil over moderate heat until hot but not smoking and cook mustard seeds and curry powder until seeds begin to pop. In a bowl combine warm potatoes, mustard-seed mixture, yogurt, parsley, and salt and pepper to taste and with a potato masher mash potatoes until almost smooth. Peel and seed cucumber and cut into <END>
INPUT: Italian, artichokes, chicken breast, Salt pepper, all purpose flour, unsalted butter, olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken Cutlets with Artichokes, Tomato, and Mozzarella | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 2 skinless boneless whole chicken breast, halved, the fillets separated, and pounded 1/4-inch thick to form 4 cutlets; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1/2 cup all-purpose flour seasoned with salt and pepper, for dredging the cutlets; 1/4 cup unsalted butter; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1 teaspoon minced garlic, or to taste; 1/4 cup dry white wine; 1/4 cup fresh lemon juice; 8 (1/4-inch-thick) slices tomato; 1 cup sliced drained marinated artichoke hearts; 8 (1/4-inch-thick) slices mozzarella; 2 tablespoons minced fresh parsley leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: Sprinkle the chicken cutlets with salt and pepper, to taste, and dredge them in the flour, coating them thoroughly and shaking off the excess. In a heavy skillet, heat 2 tablespoons of the butter and the oil over moderately high heat until the foam subsides. Saute the cutlets in 2 batches for 1 minute on each side, or until they are just cooked through, transferring them as they are cooked to a heated flameproof platter. Remove the skillet from the heat, add the garlic, and cook it over moderately low heat, stirring, until it just begins to color. Add the wine and the lemon juice and simmer th <END>
INPUT: spread, blanched hazelnuts, condensed milk, hazelnut oil, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate and Hazelnut Spread | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup blanched hazelnuts; 3 1/2 oz (100g) dark chocolate (72% cacao), chopped; 1/3 cup and 2 tablespoons sweetened condensed milk; 1-2 tablespoons hazelnut oil; Pinch of salt; 3-4 tablespoons hot water | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350°F (180°C). Turn the hazelnuts out onto a baking sheet and toast in the preheated oven for about 5-7 minutes, until pale golden. Remove the nuts from the oven and cool slightly. Put the warm hazelnuts into a food processor and chop until they become an almost smooth paste. Gently melt the chocolate, condensed milk, and hazelnut oil in a small saucepan over low heat. Stir until smooth and add to the hazelnut paste in the food processor. Add a pinch of salt and blend, then add the hot water and blend again until the mixture has a thick, spreadable consistency. Spoon into a <END>
INPUT: Asian, dressing, carrots, ginger, shallots, seasoned rice vinegar, soy sauce
OUTPUT: TITLE: Carrot Ginger Dressing | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 lb carrots (3 medium), coarsely chopped; 1/4 cup chopped peeled fresh ginger; 1/4 cup chopped shallots; 1/4 cup seasoned rice vinegar; 1 tablespoon soy sauce; 1 tablespoon Asian sesame oil; 1/8 teaspoon salt; 1/2 cup vegetable oil; 1/4 cup water | INSTRUCTIONS: Pulse carrots in a food processor until finely ground (almost puréed). Add chopped ginger, chopped shallots, rice vinegar, soy sauce, sesame oil, and salt and pulse until ginger and shallots are minced. With motor running, add vegetable oil in a slow stream. Transfer mixture to a blender. Add 1/4 cup water and blend until smooth, 2 to 3 minutes. Thin dressing with additional water if desired. Pulse carrots in a food processor until finely ground (almost puréed). Add chopped ginger, chopped shallots, rice vinegar, soy sauce, sesame oil, and salt and pulse until ginger and shallots are minced. W <END>
INPUT: Italian, balls, spinach, eggs, onion, margarine, Parmesan
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spinach Parmesan Balls | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound package frozen chopped spinach, thawed; 5 eggs; 1 large onion, minced; 10 tablespoons margarine, melted; 1 cup shredded Parmesan; 2 garlic cloves, minced; 1/2 teaspoon dried thyme leaves; 1/2 teaspoon cayenne; 1 3/4 cups Italian-style bread crumbs | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Squeeze the excess water from the spinach and put it in a large mixing bowl. Add the remaining ingredients and mix well by hand.* Form the mixture into 1-inch balls, either by hand or with a small ice cream scoop. Place the balls closely together on a baking sheet. Cook in the top half of the oven until firm to the touch, about 20 to 25 minutes. Let cool 5 minutes, and then transfer to a platter and serve immediately. <END>
INPUT: custard, cornbread, unsalted butter, garlic, half half, buttermilk, stone cornmeal
OUTPUT: TITLE: Custard Cornbread with Garlic and Thyme | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, plus more for buttering the dish; 1 clove garlic, finely grated; 2 cups half-and-half; 1 1/2 cups buttermilk; 1 cup stone-ground cornmeal; 1 tablespoon sugar; 2 teaspoons kosher salt; 2 large eggs, beaten; 1 teaspoon baking powder; 1/2 teaspoon baking soda; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh thyme leaves (from about 8 sprigs) | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F and generously butter a 2-quart baking dish. Add the butter to a medium saucepan and melt over medium-high heat. Once melted, add the garlic and stir until the garlic becomes fragrant and the butter begins to bubble, about 1 minute. Pour in the half-and-half and buttermilk. Add the cornmeal, sugar and salt and cook, whisking continuously, until the mixture begins to thicken, about 6 minutes. Remove from the heat and set aside to cool slightly. Once the mixture is no longer piping hot, whisk in the eggs, baking powder, baking soda and thyme. Transfer the mixtur <END>
INPUT: bacon, onion, curly endive, garlic, cannellini
OUTPUT: TITLE: White Beans with Bacon and Endive | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 8 slices bacon, coarsely chopped; 1 medium onion, chopped; 1 1 1/4- to 1 1/2-pound head curly endive, rinsed, leaves torn coarsely; 2 large garlic cloves, chopped; 2 15-ounce cans cannellini (white kidney beans), drained well; 1/3 cup canned beef broth | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook bacon in heavy large pot over medium-high heat until brown and crisp. Using slotted spoon, transfer bacon to paper towels and drain. Set bacon aside. Add onion to drippings in pot and sauté until beginning to soften, about 4 minutes. Add half of endive with water still clinging to leaves. Cover pot and cook until endive is wilted, stirring once, about 4 minutes. Add remaining half of endive and chopped garlic. Cover and cook until endive leaves are wilted but still bright green, stirring once, about 4 minutes. Add cannellini, beef broth, and bacon. Cook bean mixture until heated through,  <END>
INPUT: Mexican, rolls, salt, hot pork sausage
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tex-Mex Egg Rolls With Creamy Cilantro Dipping Sauce | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 (5-ounce) package yellow rice; 1 teaspoon salt; 1 pound ground hot pork sausage; 1 (15-ounce) can black beans, rinsed and drained; 1 (14.5-ounce) can Mexican-style diced tomatoes, undrained; 2 cups (8 ounces) shredded Monterey Jack cheese; 6 green onions, finely chopped; 1 (1.25-ounce) package taco seasoning mix; 28 egg roll wrappers; 1 large egg, lightly beaten; 4 cups peanut oil; Creamy Cilantro Dipping Sauce, recipe follows; Garnish: fresh cilantro sprigs; 2 (10-ounce) cans Mexican-style diced tomatoes; 1 (8-ounce) package cream cheese, softened | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook rice according to package directions, using 1 teaspoon salt. Cool completely. Cook sausage in a skillet over medium heat, stirring until it crumbles and is no longer pink; drain well. Let cool. Stir together rice, sausage, black beans, and next 4 ingredients in a large bowl. Spoon about 1/3 cup rice mixture in center of each egg roll wrapper. Fold top corner of wrapper over filling, tucking tip of corner under filling; fold left and right corners over filling. Lightly brush remaining corner with egg; tightly roll filled end toward the remaining corner, and gently press to seal. Pour oil i <END>
INPUT: lavender, cream, unsalted butter, eggs, sugar, virgin olive oil, Meyer lemon zest
OUTPUT: TITLE: Meyer Lemon Cake with Lavender Cream | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, for brushing pan; 5 large eggs, separated; 3/4 cup sugar, divided; 3/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 1 tablespoon grated Meyer lemon zest plus 3 tablespoons Meyer lemon juice (see Cooks' note, below); 3 tablespoons Meyer lemon juice; 1 cup cake flour (not self-rising); 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/2 cup plus 1 tablespoon sugar; 3 tablespoons all-purpose flour; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1 teaspoon grated Meyer lemon zest plus 3/4 cup Meyer lemon juice; 3/4 cup Meyer lemon juice; 1 large egg yolk; 1 tablespoon unsalted butter | INSTRUCTIONS: Make cake: Preheat oven to 325°F with rack in middle. Invert bottom of spring form pan and lock on side. Brush pan with melted butter, then chill 2 minutes to set. Line bottom of pan with a round of parchment paper, then brush pan and parchment with another layer of melted butter and chill 2 minutes more. Dust with flour, knocking out excess. Beat together yolks and 1/2 cup sugar in a large bowl with an electric mixer at high speed until pale and thick, about 3 minutes. At medium speed, beat in oil and lemon zest and juice until just combined. Sift in flour and mix at low speed until just comb <END>
INPUT: Mexican, southwestern, turkey, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Southwestern Turkey Chili | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 12 ounces ground turkey; 1/2 cup diced onion; Cooking spray; 1 can (14.5 oz.) Del Monte® Diced Tomatoes-No Salt Added; 1 can (15.25 oz.) Del Monte® Whole Kernel Corn-No Salt Added, drained; 1 can (15 oz.) low-sodium kidney beans, drained; 1 can (8 oz.) Del Monte® Tomato Sauce-No Salt Added; 1 Tbsp. chili powder; (Optional) limes; (Optional) light sour cream; (Optional) cilantro; (Optional) salt and pepper to taste | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. Heat a large skillet coated with cooking spray over medium-high heat. Cook turkey and onion for 5 minutes or until onion is soft, stirring frequently. 2. Stir in tomatoes and its juices, corn, beans, tomato sauce and chili powder. Bring to a boil, reduce heat, cover and simmer 12-15 minutes or until slightly thickened. 3. Serve with lime wedges and top with sour cream and cilantro, if desired. Salt and pepper to taste. <END>
INPUT: fondue, garlic, ginger root, butter, shiitakes, shallots
OUTPUT: TITLE: Shiitake Fondue | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 large clove garlic, split in half; 1 small ginger root; 1 tablespoon butter; 2 cups sliced shiitakes; 2 minced shallots; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 1/4 cups white wine; 1/2 pound shredded Gruyere; 1/2 pound shredded Emmenthal; 1 tablespoon cornstarch; 2 sprigs fresh thyme; 1 country boule or baguette | INSTRUCTIONS: In a medium size saucepan, rub the inside with the garlic clove. Repeat with the ginger. On medium heat, melt the butter and sweat the shiitakes and shallots. Season and add the wine. Bring to a simmer. Meanwhile, have the cheese and cornstarch already tossed together in a resealable plastic bag. Add the cheese mix to the wine, and stir to incorporate. Add the thyme and taste. Break bread, dip, chew, swallow, yum-yum. Wash down with wine. <END>
INPUT: martini, ice, lychee liqueur, vodka, lime juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lychee Martini | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 (20-ounce) can lychee fruit; 2 ounces crushed ice; 3 ounces lychee liqueur (recommended: Soho Brand); 2 ounces vodka; Splash lime juice; Splash Champagne | INSTRUCTIONS: Pour can of lychee fruit into a strainer. Reserve 2 tablespoons lychee juice. In a shaker, add crushed ice, lychee liqueur, vodka, lime juice and reserved lychee juice. Shake well. Pour mixture into chilled martini glasses over a few pieces of lychee fruit from can. Add a splash of Champagne and serve. <END>
INPUT: tortillas, lukewarm water, kosher salt, Nixtamal, corn kernels, water
OUTPUT: TITLE: Corn Tortillas | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 to 5 tablespoons lukewarm water; 1 teaspoon kosher salt; 1 1/2 to 2 pounds Nixtamal, recipe follows; 1 pound dried corn kernels, approximately 2 cups; 6 cups water; 1/2 -ounce slaked lime* (commonly called cal), approximately 2 tablespoons | INSTRUCTIONS: Place the Nixtamal into the bowl of a food processor and pulse 10 to 15 times. Add 2 tablespoons of the water and pulse 8 to 10 times, stopping to scrape down the sides of the bowl once or twice. Add 2 more tablespoons of water along with the salt and pulse until a dough begins to form. If the dough is still dry and somewhat crumbly, add the remaining tablespoon of water and pulse several times. Turn the dough out onto the counter and shape into a ball. Wrap the ball of dough in plastic wrap and allow to sit for 30 minutes. *You may also make tortillas from pre-ground masa flour following the  <END>
INPUT: plum tomatoes, garlic, oregano, Romano cheese
OUTPUT: TITLE: Broiled Roma Tomatoes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 8 plum tomatoes, cut in half lengthwise; 1 large garlic clove, pressed; 1 tablespoon minced fresh oregano or 1 teaspoon dried, crumbled; 4 teaspoons grated Romano cheese | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat broiler. Place tomatoes cut side up in baking dish. Spread garlic over cut half of tomatoes. Sprinkle tomatoes with oregano then Romano. Season with pepper. Broil until tomatoes are tender, about 5 minutes. Serve. Preheat broiler. Place tomatoes cut side up in baking dish. Spread garlic over cut half of tomatoes. Sprinkle tomatoes with oregano then Romano. Season with pepper. Broil until tomatoes are tender, about 5 minutes. Serve. <END>
INPUT: bake, cherrystone clams, soft shell clams, butter, leeks, chefs potatoes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Clam Bake | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 10 cherrystone clams; 5 pounds soft-shell clams; 3 pounds butter; 3 cups chopped leeks; 5 large chefs potatoes; 3 pounds spicy sausage; 5 (1 1/2 pound) Maine lobsters; 3 Heads Roasted Garlic; 10 ears corn, broken in half; 5 bunches fresh thyme; 1 summer bluefish; 4 cups olive oil; 5 brown eggs; 2 gallons fresh or sea water | INSTRUCTIONS: Necessary Equipment: 30 inches high x 15 inches tall wash tin 30 round stone ( baseball size) 10 pounds rockweed (seaweed ) 2 pie tins The ingredients listed are suggested. Feel free to use whatever ingredients your party likes and has available. This technique is for an indoor clambake. Optimally, a clambake is held on the beach in a rock lined sand pit in which a fire has been going for hours and the red embers have heated the rocks to over 400 degrees. Placing the large wash tin on a few lit burners on the stovetop can create a similar effect. Place rocks down first. Let heat for 15 minutes <END>
INPUT: crunchy, Mrs. Dash® Onion, olive oil, snow peas, lemon juice, shallots
OUTPUT: TITLE: Crunchy Snow Peas with Toasted Almonds | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 Tbsp. Mrs. Dash® Onion and Herb Seasoning Blend; 2 Tbsp. olive oil; 1 lb. snow peas, trimmed; 4 tsp. fresh lemon juice; 4 tsp. minced shallots; 2 Tbsp. slivered unsalted, oven-toasted almonds | INSTRUCTIONS: Low-Sodium Recipe 1. Warm the olive oil in a small sauté pan. 2. Increase heat to medium and add snow peas. Add a few drops of water while tossing quickly. 3. Cook about 3-4 minutes, leaving the snow peas crisp. 4. Add the lemon juice and toss again. 5. Spoon onto a plate, sprinkle with shallots, almonds and Mrs. Dash® Onion and Herb Blend Seasoning Blend. Drizzle 1 Tbsp. of the cooking juices over the snow peas. <END>
INPUT: biscotti, granulated sugar, orange, eggs egg, pure vanilla extract
OUTPUT: TITLE: Almond and Raisin Biscotti | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 stick (4 ounces) unsalted butter, at room temperature; 1 cup granulated sugar; 1 orange, zested; 2 large eggs plus 1 egg white; 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract; 2 cups all-purpose flour, plus more for dusting; 1 teaspoon baking powder; Pinch fine salt; 1/2 cup whole blanched almonds, toasted; 1/2 cup golden raisins; 1 tablespoon anise seeds; 2 tablespoons turbinado sugar; Coffee or Vin Santo, for dipping | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 300 degrees F. In a mixing bowl, combine the butter and granulated sugar and beat, with a whisk or hand mixer, until light and fluffy, scraping down the sides periodically. Add the orange zest and beat in the whole eggs one at a time. Stir in the vanilla. Gently mix in the flour, baking powder and salt. Once the flour is incorporated, fold in the almonds, raisins and anise. Divide the dough into two pieces. If the dough is sticky, dust your hands with a little flour. Roll the dough into two logs the length of a sheet tray and place on the tray. Beat the egg white with 1 tab <END>
INPUT: breakfast, sausage, pork, bacon, molasses, smoked paprika, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Bacon-Molasses Breakfast Sausage | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 8 ounces ground pork; 4 ounces bacon, finely chopped; 1 teaspoon molasses; 1 teaspoon smoked paprika (pimentón); 1/2 teaspoon brown sugar; 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt; 1/4 teaspoon dried sage; 1/4 teaspoon black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Stir together the pork, bacon, molasses, smoked paprika, brown sugar, salt, sage, and black pepper until well combined. Heat up a skillet over medium heat and cook a small spoonful of the sausage for a couple of minutes on each side. Taste and adjust the seasonings, if necessary. Once you're satisfied with the flavor balance, refrigerate the mixture for an hour for the flavors to come together. To cook the sausage, form it into 2-inch-wide, 1/4-inch-thick patties and fry over medium-high heat until both sides are brown and crisp, 5 minutes per side. The sausage will keep in the refrigerator fo <END>
INPUT: French, chicken thighs, curry powder, onions, pepper flakes, honey
OUTPUT: TITLE: Dijon-Baked Chicken with Rice and Broccoli | CUISINE: French | INGREDIENTS: 10 to 12 boneless skinless chicken thighs (about 1 3/4 pounds); 1 tablespoon curry powder; 3 tablespoons frozen chopped onions; 1/2 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes; 1/2 cup honey; 1/2 cup Dijon mustard; 2 tablespoons soy sauce; 1 teaspoon Asian-style hot chili sauce (can be chili-garlic sauce); 1 1/2 cups basmati or white rice; 3 cups water; 5 cups frozen broccoli florets; 1/8 teaspoon your favorite supermarket-style seasoning mix | INSTRUCTIONS: The night before: Unravel thighs to flatten and scrunch together in a large shallow oven-safe pan. Combine the following in a small mixing bowl in this order: spices, honey, Dijon mustard, soy sauce, and hot chili sauce. Stir. Pour evenly over chicken. Flip the chicken around with a fork until each piece is well coated. End by making sure the rough side of the thigh is down. Cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate overnight. The next day: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Combine rice and water in a larger oven-safe pot. Stir. Cover and place in preheated oven. Turn chicken over with a fork. Plac <END>
INPUT: American, rubbed, seasoned, chili powder, garlic salt, pepper, cumin, shoestring potatoes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chili-Rubbed Sirloin Steak with Seasoned Shoestring Fries | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 teaspoons chili powder; 1 teaspoon garlic salt; 1/4 teaspoon ground red pepper; 1/4 teaspoon ground cumin; 1 pound frozen shoestring potatoes; 5 tablespoons vegetable oil; 3 scallions, trimmed, thinly sliced; 1 1/2 pound piece boneless sirloin steak (about 1 1/4-inches thick) | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat broiler. Mix chili powder, garlic salt, red pepper, cumin in bowl. Toss potatoes, 3 tablespoons oil, scallions, 2 teaspoons spice mixture in a bowl. Place on baking sheet. Brush both sides of meat with remaining 2 tablespoons oil. Rub remaining spice mixture over steak. Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Cook potatoes on baking sheet on lowest rack in oven 12 minutes, turning halfway through. At same time, broil meat 4 inches from heat 4 to 5 minutes. Turn meat over. Broil 6 minutes (internal temperature 145 degrees F for medium-rare). Remove the meat from oven; let stand 5 minutes. While mea <END>
INPUT: cherry tomatoes, garlic, clear honey, olive oil, Flaky sea salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Honey-Roasted Cherry Tomatoes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound/500g cherry tomatoes; 2 garlic cloves; 1 tablespoon clear honey; 3 tablespoons olive oil; Flaky sea salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 375°F/190°C. Lightly oil a roasting pan. Halve the tomatoes and place them, cut side up, in the dish. They should fit snugly with little or no space between them. Crush the garlic with a pinch of salt, then beat it with the honey, olive oil, and a good grinding of pepper. Spoon this sticky, garlicky mixture over the cherry tomatoes. Roast for about 30 minutes, until golden, juicy, and bubbling. Preheat the oven to 375°F/190°C. Lightly oil a roasting pan. Halve the tomatoes and place them, cut side up, in the dish. They should fit snugly with little or no space between them. <END>
INPUT: navel oranges, unsalted butter, wine, lemon juice, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Snapper with Oranges and Olives | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 navel oranges; 1/4 pound unsalted butter; 1/3 cup dry white wine; 1/4 cup freshly squeezed lemon juice; 2 teaspoons sugar; 1 teaspoon salt; 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 1/2 cup sliced pitted black Portuguese or Spanish olives; 4 6 ounce red snapper fillets, with skin; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1/2 bunch Italian parsley, leaves chopped coarse | INSTRUCTIONS: Squeeze two of the oranges and reserve juice. Take the other two, cut into supremes, and reserve. In a small heavy saucepan, cook the butter over medium heat until it foams, the foam then subsides, and the butter begins to brown and smell toasty. Add the reserved orange juice, the lemon juice, wine, sugar, and half the salt and pepper. Boil the mixture until well reduced, 15 to 20 minutes. Stir in the orange sections and olives and reserve in a warm place. Heat grill to high. With a very sharp knife, score the skin side of each snapper fillet. The cut should pierce the skin but not the flesh.  <END>
INPUT: American, fondue, heavy cream, premium semisweet chocolate, pure vanilla extract, brandy, Strawberries
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate Fondue | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups heavy cream; 1 pound premium semisweet chocolate (recommended: Lindt or Callebaut); 1 tablespoon pure vanilla extract; 1 tablespoon brandy; Strawberries; bananas; pineapple; brownies; marshmallow; cookies | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: 1 saucepan 1 mixing bowl (that will sit on top of saucepan) Measuring cup Measuring spoons Whisk Fondue serving set Fondue skewers Handy fuel or denatured alcohol Put approximately 4 inches of water in the saucepan and bring to a slow boil. Place the mixing bowl on top and pour in the heavy cream; let heat. Meanwhile, break up or chop chocolate into small pieces. When the cream feels hot to the touch, add chocolate and whisk until smooth. Whisk in vanilla and brandy. Pour into the fondue pot and light the handy fuel underneath; keep the flame low as not to burn the fondue. A <END>
INPUT: chive onion cream, hot pepper sauce, Worcestershire sauce, dill, wine
OUTPUT: TITLE: Crab and Shrimp Dip | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 8 ounces chive and onion cream cheese, softened; 1 teaspoon hot pepper sauce; 1 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh dill; 2 tablespoons white wine; 1 cup cooked chopped imitation crabmeat; 1 cup cooked chopped shrimp; 1/4 cup shredded Parmesan; 1 loaf sourdough round bread or baguette, cut into 16 slices; Olive oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. Combine the first 5 ingredients in a large bowl. Mix on medium speed using a hand mixer until blended. Fold in the crab and shrimp. Transfer to a shallow 2-cup baking dish. Top with Parmesan. Bake for 20 minutes or until top is lightly brown. To make the toasted bread slices, place bread slices on a baking sheet. Brush with olive oil on both sides. Bake in oven for 8 minutes while dip is also baking. Serve crab and shrimp dip with toasted bread slices. <END>
INPUT: triple, tart, unsalted roasted almonds, chocolate wafer cookies, light sugar, unsalted butter, milk
OUTPUT: TITLE: Triple Chocolate Tart with Boozy Whipped Cream | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup unsalted roasted almonds (see Cooks' Notes); 15 chocolate wafer cookies (such as Famous Chocolate Wafers; 4 ounces); 2 tablespoons packed light brown sugar; 5 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted; 1 cup whole milk; 1/2 cup heavy cream; 1/2 cup chocolate stout, preferably double chocolate stout (to measure, tilt cup and pour it slowly down side of a liquid measuring cup, then let foam; 2 tablespoons packed light brown sugar; 2 tablespoons unsweetened cocoa powder; 2 tablespoons cornstarch; 2 ounces good-quality bittersweet chocolate (60 - 62% cacao), finely chopped; 1/2 teaspoon pure vanilla extract; 1 cup chilled heavy cream; 2 tablespoons bourbon; 2 teaspoons sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: Make crust: Preheat oven to 350°F with rack in middle. Pulse almonds with cookies and sugar in a food processor until almonds and cookies are finely ground. Add butter and pulse to combine, then press evenly onto bottom and up side of tart pan or 1-inch up side of springform pan (a dry measuring cup with a smooth bottom is very useful for pressing crumbs into an even layer). Bake until set, 15 minutes. Cool on a rack 1 hour. Preheat oven to 350°F with rack in middle. Pulse almonds with cookies and sugar in a food processor until almonds and cookies are finely ground. Add butter and pulse to co <END>
INPUT: refried, water, lard vegetable oil, onion, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Refried Black Beans | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 (32-ounce) cans black beans, rinsed and drained; 2 cups water; 3 tablespoons lard or vegetable oil; 1 large onion, diced; 1 1/2 teaspoons salt; 1 tablespoon cumin | INSTRUCTIONS: Puree 2 cans of black beans in 2 cups water in food processor. Heat the lard or other fat in a large saucepan over medium heat. Saute the onions with the salt and cumin until golden, about 10 minutes. Add the beans and continue cooking over medium heat, stirring frequently, until the liquid evaporates and the beans form a creamy mass that pulls away from the bottom and sides of the pan, about 15 minutes. Serve immediately. <END>
INPUT: croquettes, creamed, butter, shallot, all purpose flour, shrimp, milk
OUTPUT: TITLE: Shrimp Croquettes with Creamed Green Peas | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons butter; 1 large shallot, finely chopped; 1/3 cup all-purpose flour; 1 pound medium shrimp, shelled, deveined and finely chopped; 1/2 cup milk; 1/2 lemon, juiced; Kosher salt and black pepper; 2 cups panko breadcrumbs; 3 large eggs, beaten; 3 tablespoons butter; 3 tablespoons all-purpose flour; 2 cups whole milk; Kosher salt and black pepper; 2 pounds frozen green peas, thawed; 3 cups peanut oil, for frying | INSTRUCTIONS: For the shrimp croquettes: Melt the butter in a medium skillet over medium-high heat. Add the shallot and saute until softened, about 4 minutes. Use a wire whisk to stir in the flour. Cook for 1 minute, and then add the shrimp. Stir in the milk and cook until the mixture is very thick, stirring constantly for 1 minute. Remove from the heat and add the lemon juice and some salt and pepper. Allow the croquette mixture to cool completely before shaping into small meatball-sized balls. Place the breadcrumbs in a shallow dish. Mix the beaten eggs with 2 tablespoons water. Double coat the croquettes <END>
INPUT: waffle, cupcakes, pecans, sugar, granulated sugar, cinnamon, nutmeg
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken and Buttermilk Waffle Cupcakes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup chopped pecans; 1/2 cup brown sugar; 1/2 cup granulated sugar; 1 tablespoon ground cinnamon; 1/2 teaspoon ground nutmeg; 1 cup vegetable oil; 2 pounds chicken tenderloins; 1 cup all-purpose flour; 1 teaspoon garlic powder; 1 teaspoon onion powder; 1 teaspoon paprika; Sea salt and ground black pepper; 1 cup buttermilk; 1 stick salted butter; 1 cup granulated sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: For the spice mixture: In a medium bowl, blend the pecans, both sugars, the cinnamon and nutmeg. Take a fork or a spoon and mix the ingredients until well blended. For the fried chicken: In medium pot, heat the oil on the stove top. Wash the chicken thoroughly. Cut the chicken into 1-inch cubes and set aside. In a bowl, add the all-purpose flour, garlic powder, onion powder and paprika, and sprinkle with salt and pepper. In another bowl, pour in the buttermilk. Place the cubed chicken into the buttermilk, then remove and place into the flour until all the pieces are covered in flour. Add the c <END>
INPUT: hanson, veal loin, Salt pepper, Flour, olive oil, butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Veal Hanson | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 pounds veal loin, pounded 1/2-inch thick (can substitute chicken breasts); Salt and pepper; Flour, for dredging; 3 tablespoons olive oil; 3 tablespoons butter; 1 cup molasses porter; 1/4 cup Marsala; 1/4 cup chicken stock; 1 1/2 cups cremini and shiitake mushrooms, quartered including stems with tip removed; Serving suggestion: fettuccini, which has been tossed with a bit of olive oil, freshly grated Parmesan cheese, and a handful of freshly chopped parsle | INSTRUCTIONS: Take each slice of veal loin and pound between layers of plastic wrap until each is about 1/2-inch thick. Season lightly with salt and pepper on both sides, then dredge in flour. Heat olive oil and butter in a large saute pan over medium high heat. Shake off excess flour and saute cutlets for about 2 minutes per side, until lightly browned. Put aside on a cooling rack on top of a baking sheet. Add porter, Marsala, and chicken stock to saute pan. Let reduce on high heat for about 5 minutes. After liquid has reduced by 1/4, add the mushrooms. Reduce heat and let simmer until mushrooms soften and <END>
INPUT: Italian, wide egg noodles, olive oil, onion, garlic, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Noodles with Pesto, Parmesan and Broccoli | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 16-ounce package wide egg noodles; 1/4 cup olive oil; 1 large onion, chopped; 3 garlic cloves, chopped; 1/2 teaspoon dried crushed red pepper; 8 cups broccoli florets (from about 4 large stalks); 1 cup grated Parmesan cheese; 3/4 cup purchased pesto | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook noodles in large pot of boiling salted water until just tender but still firm to bite. Drain noodles, reserving 1 cup cooking liquid. Heat olive oil in heavy large pot over medium heat. Add onion, garlic and dried red pepper and sauté until onion is translucent, about 5 minutes. Add broccoli and 1/4 cup reserved noodle cooking liquid. Cover pot and cook until broccoli is crisp-tender, about 4 minutes. Add noodles, 1/2 cup Parmesan cheese and pesto. Toss until noodles are evenly coated, adding remaining reserved liquid by tablespoonfuls if mixture is dry. Season to taste with salt and pepp <END>
INPUT: salad, marmalade, lemon, virgin olive oil, Salt pepper, young spinach
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spinach and Arugula Salad with Orange | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon marmalade; 1 lemon; 1/4 extra-virgin olive oil; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 to 3 cups young spinach; 2 to 3 cups arugula; 1 navel orange, peeled and thinly sliced into discs; 1/2 small red onion, very thinly sliced; 1/4 cup chopped hazelnuts, toasted | INSTRUCTIONS: In the bottom of a shallow salad bowl, combine the marmalade with the juice of 1 lemon then whisk in extra-virgin olive oil and season with salt and pepper. Toss greens with oranges and onions and season with salt and pepper. Top with hazelnuts. <END>
INPUT: unsalted butter, cinnamon sugar, granulated sugar, salt, peaches
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Peaches with Cinnamon Sugar Butter | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 stick unsalted butter, at room temperature; 1 teaspoon cinnamon sugar; 2 tablespoons granulated sugar; Pinch salt; 4 ripe peaches, halved and pitted; Canola oil; Mint leaves, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. In a small bowl add the butter and stir until smooth. Add the cinnamon sugar, granulated sugar and salt and mix until combined. Heat grill to high. Brush peaches with oil and grill until golden brown and just cooked through. Top each with a few teaspoons of the butter and garnish with mint leaves. <END>
INPUT: caramel, packages microwave popcorn, butter, water, sugar, cinnamon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Caramel Corn | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 packages microwave popcorn (not butter flavored); 4 tablespoons butter; 3 tablespoons water; 3/4 cup sugar; 1 1/2 teaspoons ground cinnamon | INSTRUCTIONS: Prepare popcorn in microwave according to package directions. Pour popcorn into 1 or 2 large bowls. (You will need plenty of room to toss with hot sugar mixture.) Meanwhile, in a small saucepan over medium heat, melt butter. Add water, sugar and cinnamon, increase the heat, and bring to a boil. Boil for 3 to 4 minutes. Remove from heat. Be careful; the sugar mixture is extremely hot! Pour half of mixture over the popcorn. Carefully stir or toss to combine. Add remaining sugar mixture and combine. Serve. <END>
INPUT: American, burgers, Smoked Cheddar cheese, onion rolls, Crisco® Butter No, BURGER, Smucker's® Spiced Apple
OUTPUT: TITLE: Hickory Smoked Burgers with Glazed Apples and Smoked Cheddar | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: Smoked Cheddar cheese, sliced; 4 onion rolls, sliced; Crisco® Butter No-Stick Cooking Spray; BURGER PATTIES:; 1/2 cup Smucker's® Spiced Apple Butter; 2 tbsps. Worcestershire sauce; 2 tbsps. hickory smoke flavoring*; 1 tsp. salt; 1/8 tsp. ground pepper; 1 1/4 lbs. ground beef chuck; GLAZED APPLES:; 1 cup Smucker's® Spiced Apple Butter; 1 large Granny Smith apple, washed, cored and sliced 3/8-inch thick crosswise; 1 large sweet onion, peeled and sliced 1/4-inch thick crosswise, keeping rings intact | INSTRUCTIONS: COMBINE 1/2 cup apple butter, Worcestershire sauce, hickory smoke flavoring, salt and pepper in medium bowl. Crumble ground chuck into bowl; gently combine the ingredients well. Shape meat into four 5-inch wide patties; refrigerate. COAT unheated grill grate with no-stick cooking spray. Heat grill to medium-high (350 degrees F to 400 degrees F). Coat apples and onions (keeping slices intact) with 1 cup apple butter. GRILL burgers, apples and onions 4 to 6 minutes per side or until juices run clear on the burgers and the apples and onions are tender. Toast rolls, if desired. TOP each burger wit <END>
INPUT: sunny, side, coarse breadcrumbs made, dijon mustard, olive oil, mustard seeds, spinach leaves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sunny-Side-up Eggs on Mustard-Creamed Spinach with Crispy Crumbs | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup coarse fresh breadcrumbs made from crustless country-style bread; 5 teaspoons dijon mustard, divided; 2 teaspoons plus 1 tablespoon olive oil; 1/2 teaspoon mustard seeds; 1 9-ounce package fresh spinach leaves; 3 tablespoons half and half; 1 teaspoon chopped fresh thyme; 2 large eggs; Fresh thyme sprigs (for garnish) | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 400°F. Toss crumbs with 2 teaspoons mustard, 2 teaspoons oil, and mustard seeds in medium bowl to coat. Scatter on rimmed baking sheet. Bake until golden and crisp, 6 to 8 minutes. Meanwhile, add enough water to deep large nonstick skillet to cover bottom. Add spinach; toss over high heat to wilt, about 2 minutes. Scrape into sieve set over bowl; press out liquid. Wipe out skillet; reserve. Transfer spinach to medium saucepan. Add 3 teaspoons mustard, half and half, and chopped thyme. Stir over medium heat until thick, about 3 minutes. Season with freshly ground black pepper. R <END>
INPUT: vinaigrette, Granny Smith apple, unfiltered apple cider, lime juice, shallot, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Granny Smith Apple Cider Vinaigrette | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 chopped Granny Smith apple (with core and peel); 1/4 cup raw unfiltered apple cider vinegar; 1 tablespoon fresh lime juice; 1 tablespoon minced shallot; 1 teaspoon raw sugar; 1/4 cup plus 1 tablespoon safflower or grapeseed oil; kosher salt; freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Purée 1 chopped Granny Smith apple (with core and peel), 1/4 cup raw unfiltered apple cider vinegar, and 1 tablespoon fresh lime juice in a blender, occasionally scraping down sides of blender with a spatula, until smooth. Strain mixture through a finemesh sieve into a medium bowl, pressing down on solids with spatula to extract all juice; discard solids. Whisk in 1 tablespoon minced shallot and 1 teaspoon raw sugar. Whisk in 1/4 cup plus 1 tablespoon safflower or grapeseed oil until well blended. Season with kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper. DO AHEAD: Vinaigrette can be made 1 day  <END>
INPUT: benedict, multi grain bread, canola oil, sweet onion, lemon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Eggs Benedict | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 8 slices multi-grain bread; 1 teaspoon canola oil; 1 cup finely diced sweet onion; 1 (10-ounce) box chopped frozen spinach, thawed; 1 lemon, zested and juiced; 8 ounces light sour cream; 1/2 teaspoon hot sauce; 1 teaspoon salt; 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground pepper; 1 tablespoon cider vinegar; 8 whole eggs; 8 slices Canadian bacon; Paprika, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Using a 3-inch round cookie cutter, cut a disk out of each slice of bread. Set aside and discard scraps. In a 10-inch nonstick skillet, heat the canola oil over medium heat. Add the onions and saute until translucent. Add the spinach, lemon zest, and lemon juice and continue cooking over medium heat for 1 minute. Remove from heat and transfer mixture to a food processor. Add the sour cream and blend until creamy. Add the hot sauce and then season, to taste, with salt and pepper. Fill a 12-inch nonstick skillet with 1 1/2 inches of water. Add the vinegar and bring to a simmer. Reduce heat until <END>
INPUT: Vegetable oil brushing, confectioners' sugar coating, granulated sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pink Grapefruit Marshmallows | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Vegetable oil for brushing pan; About 1 cup confectioners' sugar for coating pan and marshmallows; 1 (1-pound) pink grapefruit; 1 1/2 cups granulated sugar; 4 (1/4-ounce) envelopes powdered unflavored gelatin; 1 cup light corn syrup; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 1/8 teaspoon (about 15 drops) red food coloring (preferably organic), or more as desired; Pastry brush; 1 (9-inch) square baking pan; small, fine-mesh sieve; food processor; 4 1/2-quart or larger stand mixer fitted with the whisk attachment | INSTRUCTIONS: Brush the bottom and sides of a 9-inch square baking pan with vegetable oil. Using a small, fine-mesh sieve, dust the pan generously with confectioners' sugar, knocking out any excess. Using a vegetable peeler, remove the zest from the grapefruit in strips then use a small sharp knife to remove any white pith from the undersides of the zest. Reserve the grapefruit. Finely chop the zest then transfer to the bowl of a food processor and add the granulated sugar. Process until the zest is finely ground, 1 to 2 minutes. Squeeze and strain enough juice from the grapefruit to measure 1/2 cup and tra <END>
INPUT: Indian, spiced, salad, peppercorns, cumin seeds, coriander seeds, hot pepper flakes, kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spiced Fillet of Beef with Mizuna Salad | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 2 teaspoons whole black peppercorns; 2 1/2 teaspoons cumin seeds; 2 1/2 teaspoons coriander seeds; 2 teaspoons dried hot red pepper flakes; 4 teaspoons kosher salt; 3 1/2 pounds center-cut beef tenderloin roast (fillet of beef), trimmed and, if necessary, tied; 2 tablespoons vegetable oil; 1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil; 1 1/2 teaspoons fresh lemon juice; 1 teaspoon minced shallot; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 4 ounces mizuna or baby arugula, trimmed | INSTRUCTIONS: For beef: Preheat oven to 425°F. Toast peppercorns, cumin, and coriander , then cool completely. Grind spices with red pepper flakes in an electric coffee/spice grinder or with a mortar and pestle. Stir in kosher salt. Pat beef dry and sprinkle with spices on all sides, pressing to adhere. Heat oil in a large flameproof roasting pan set across 2 burners over high heat until just smoking, then brown beef on all sides, about 2 minutes. Roast in middle of oven until an instant-read thermometer inserted diagonally 2 inches into center registers 120°F, about 25 minutes. Let beef stand in pan 25 min <END>
INPUT: American, barbecue, unsalted butter, onions, chili powder, garlic salt, paprika
OUTPUT: TITLE: Barbecue Sauce | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup unsalted butter; 1 cup medium diced onions; 2 teaspoons chili powder; 2 teaspoons garlic salt; 2 teaspoons paprika; 3 cups ketchup; 1/2 cup molasses; 1/4 cup honey; 1/4 cup English mustard; 1/4 cup apple cider vinegar; 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large pot, melt half of the butter on medium heat. Add the onions and sweat until the onions are translucent, 3 minutes. Add the chili powder, garlic salt and paprika, and saute for 2 minutes. Add the ketchup, molasses, honey, mustard, vinegar and Worcestershire sauce. Bring the sauce to a boil then reduce to a simmer and cook for 5 to 10 minutes, stirring frequently. Transfer the sauce to a blender or use an immersion blender and blitz, leaving some texture to the sauce. Fold in the remaining butter. <END>
INPUT: velvet, vegetable oil, kosher potato starch, unsweetened cocoa powder, matzo cake meal, eggs
OUTPUT: TITLE: Matzo Red Velvet Cake | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/3 cup vegetable oil, plus more for brushing; 1/2 cup plus 2 tablespoons kosher potato starch; 2/3 cup plus 2 tablespoons unsweetened cocoa powder; 1/3 cup packed matzo cake meal; 10 large eggs; 1 1/3 cups granulated sugar; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 2 tablespoons red food coloring; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; 1 pound cream cheese, at room temperature; 2 sticks unsalted butter, at room temperature; 3 1/2 cups confectioners' sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Lightly brush two 9-inch-round cake pans with vegetable oil. Line the bottom of the pans with parchment paper, then lightly oil the paper. Combine 2 tablespoons each potato starch and cocoa powder in a small bowl. Dust the prepared pans with the potato starch mixture, tapping out the excess. Sift the matzo cake meal and the remaining 1/2 cup potato starch and 2/3 cup cocoa powder into a bowl. Put the eggs, granulated sugar and salt in a stand mixer bowl. Set the bowl over a saucepan of simmering water (do not let the bowl touch the water) and whisk until the  <END>
INPUT: milanese, escarole, wine vinegar, water, kosher salt, sugar, really good shots
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken Milanese with Escarole Salad and Pickled Red Onions | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup red wine vinegar; 1/2 cup cold water; 2 tablespoons kosher salt; 1 tablespoon sugar; 2 to 3 really good shots hot sauce (recommended: Tabasco); 1 red onion, sliced into very thin rings; 1 cup all-purpose flour; 2 eggs, beaten with 1 tablespoon of water; 1 1/2 cups panko bread crumbs; 1/2 cup grated Parmigiano-Reggiano; 4 small organic chicken breasts, butterflied and lightly pounded to 1/4-inch thick; Kosher salt; Extra-virgin olive oil, for frying; 1 tablespoon butter; 1/2 cup grated pecorino | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. To make the Pickled Onions: In a small bowl, combine red wine vinegar with 1/2 cup of cold tap water. Stir in salt, the sugar and the hot sauce. Add the sliced onions and let sit for at least one hour. To make the Chicken Milanese: Set up a standard breading procedure in 3 wide deep plates. Fill 1 with flour, 1 with the beaten eggs, and 1 with the panko and grated Parmigiano. Season the chicken breasts with salt. Using one hand for dry things and 1 hand for wet things, take each piece of chicken through the breading procedure: dredge lightly in the flour, then th <END>
INPUT: cold, spinach, baby spinach, sour cream, mayonnaise, parmesan cheese
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cold Spinach Dip with Radishes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 10-ounce package frozen chopped spinach, thawed and squeezed dry; 2 cups chopped baby spinach (about 1 ounce); 1 cup sour cream; 3/4 cup mayonnaise; 1/4 cup grated parmesan cheese; 1 bunch scallions (white and light green parts only), chopped; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh chives; 2 teaspoons Worcestershire sauce; 1 to 1 1/2 teaspoons hot sauce; Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper; 1 cup diced radishes; Vegetable sticks, for serving | INSTRUCTIONS: Pulse the frozen spinach, baby spinach,sour cream, mayonnaise, parmesan, scallions, chives, Worcestershire sauce and hot sauce in a food processor until combined; season with salt and pepper. Transfer the dip to a serving bowl and stir in the radishes. Cover and refrigerate at least 1 hour. Serve with vegetable sticks. Photograph by Kang Kim <END>
INPUT: holiday, cured, sweet, shallots, thyme thyme leaves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Holiday Ham with Riesling and Mustard | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 14-16-pound whole cured, smoked bone-in ham; 2 cups sweet (Auslese) Riesling, divided; 2 tablespoons (1/4 stick) unsalted butter; 1/4 cup finely chopped shallots; 3 sprigs thyme plus 2 teaspoons fresh thyme leaves; 1/2 cup whole grain mustard; 1 tablespoon honey; 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; Small pinch of kosher salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Arrange a rack in lowest level of oven; preheat to 300°F. Leaving fat intact, remove outer rind from most of ham, leaving a band around the end of the shank bone. Score fat crosswise (do not cut into meat) on top of ham with parallel cuts spaced 1/2" apart. Place ham in a large roasting pan. Boil 1 cup Riesling and 7 cups water in a saucepan for 5 minutes. Pour into bottom of roasting pan. Bake ham, basting with pan juices occasionally, until an instant-read thermometer inserted into center of ham registers 110°F, 2 1/2-3 hours. Meanwhile, melt butter in a medium skillet over medium heat. Add  <END>
INPUT: pulled, onions, garlic, oranges, jalapenos, serrano chiles
OUTPUT: TITLE: Root Beer Pulled Pork in Shallot-Root Beer Jus with Tangy Onions and Jalapeno Creme Fraiche | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 large yellow onions, peeled and roughly chopped; 3 heads garlic, peeled, slightly crushed, kept whole; 6 large oranges, juiced then quartered; 8 jalapenos, halved; 6 serrano chiles, halved; 1 (750 ml) bottle Pinot Noir, or other red wine; 4 (12-ounce) bottles root beer; Pinch kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; Pork Butt shoulders, cut into large chunks (about 15 pounds); Shallot Root Beer Jus, recipe follows; Tangy Red Onions, recipe follows; Jalapeno Creme Fraiche, recipe follows; Chopped fresh chives or scallions, for garnish; 1 tablespoon canola oil; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. In a large bowl, combine all the ingredients, except the pork. Taste the marinade and season with more salt and pepper, if needed. If you want the dish to be spicy, add more jalapenos and serranos. Season pork lightly with kosher salt and pepper. Divide pork into 2 large roasting pans and pour the marinade over top. Toss to coat with the marinade. Cover each pan with foil and put into the preheated oven. Alternatively, the pork can be marinated in the refrigerator for a few hours. Bring to room temperature before baking. Bake the pork until tender and meat is fal <END>
INPUT: tartare, slices, potatoes, smoked salmon, onion, chives, lemon juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Smoked Salmon "Tartare" on New Potato Slices | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 red potatoes, 1 1/2 to 2 inches in diameter (about 3/4 pound); 1/4 pound smoked salmon, chopped fine; 2 tablespoons finely chopped red onion; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh chives; 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice; 1/4 cup sour cream | INSTRUCTIONS: Slice potatoes into twenty-four 1/4-inch-thick rounds. In a vegetable steamer, set over boiling water steam one layer of potato slices, covered, until tender, 5 to 10 minutes, and cool completely. Steam remaining slices in same manner. Potato slices may be steamed 1 day ahead and kept in a sealed plastic bag, chilled. Bring potato slices to room temperature before proceeding with recipe. Slice potatoes into twenty-four 1/4-inch-thick rounds. In a vegetable steamer, set over boiling water steam one layer of potato slices, covered, until tender, 5 to 10 minutes, and cool completely. Steam remain <END>
INPUT: spears, chips, kosher salt, lukewarm water, coriander seeds, fennel seeds, flowering dill
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cucumber Dill Spears and Chips | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup kosher salt; 6 cups lukewarm water; 2 teaspoons coriander seeds; 1/2 teaspoon fennel seeds; 3 large flowering dill heads (4 inches across); 3 pounds Kirby pickling cucumbers; 4 cloves garlic, crushed; 2 cups white-wine vinegar | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. Dissolve the salt in the water, and add the coriander, fennel, and dill. Set aside. 2. Scrub the cucumbers well, rubbing off any spines. Cut away a thin round from the stem and blossom ends, and slice lengthwise into quarters. Put the spears in a large bowl, and cover with the brine. Weight the cucumbers with a plate, cover the bowl with a kitchen towel, and set aside for 24 hours. If the bowl won't fit in your refrigerator, it's fine to leave it out at room temperature. 3. The next day, pack the cucumber spears into two scalded quart jars, saving the brine. Measure out 2 cups of the brine  <END>
INPUT: shaved, Brussels sprouts, olive oil, lemon juice, fine sea salt, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Shaved Raw Brussels Sprouts with Castelrosso | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 pints Brussels sprouts; 1/2 cup plus 1 tablespoon olive oil; 1/2 cup freshly squeezed lemon juice; 1/2 teaspoon fine sea salt; 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground white pepper; 1 cup crumbled Castelrosso cheese (about 4 ounces); Black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. Discard any dark or limp leaves from the Brussels sprouts and trim off their bottoms. Cut the sprouts in half through the core and then slice them crosswise, taking time to slice them as thin as possible. We call them "shaved" raw Brussels sprouts, which says how thin we like them, so make sure you use a sharp knife. 2. Transfer the Brussels sprouts to a mixing bowl. (You can shave the Brussels sprouts up to a couple of hours in advance and keep them covered in the refrigerator until you're ready to serve them.) 3. Whisk together the olive oil, lemon juice, salt, and white pepper in a large <END>
INPUT: sandwiches, blueberry, premium vanilla ice, lemon zest, lemon juice, blueberries, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lemon Ice Cream Sandwiches with Blueberry Swirl | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 pint premium vanilla ice cream; 1 tablespoon grated lemon zest; 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 2 cups blueberries (10 ounces); 1/4 cup sugar; 2 (3-by 2 1/2-inch) strips lemon zest; 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice; 2 teaspoons cornstarch; 1 cup all-purpose flour; 1/2 teaspoon baking powder; 1/4 teaspoon baking soda; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 1 stick unsalted butter, softened; 3/4 cup packed light brown sugar; 1 large egg | INSTRUCTIONS: Make lemon ice cream: Transfer ice cream to a microwave-safe bowl and microwave at 30 percent power in 10-second intervals, stirring, until softened, about 50 seconds total (see cooks' note, below). Stir in lemon zest and juice. Spread ice cream thinly in a 13-by 9-inch baking dish and freeze while making compote and sandwich layers. Transfer ice cream to a microwave-safe bowl and microwave at 30 percent power in 10-second intervals, stirring, until softened, about 50 seconds total (see cooks' note, below). Stir in lemon zest and juice. Spread ice cream thinly in a 13-by 9-inch baking dish and <END>
INPUT: American, spread, cheese, cream cheese, dates, Basil leaves, Assorted crackers
OUTPUT: TITLE: Blue Cheese with Date Spread | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 4 ounces blue cheese; 16 ounces cream cheese, softened; 1 1/4 cups dates, finely chopped; Basil leaves, washed and patted dry; Assorted crackers, for serving | INSTRUCTIONS: In a food processor fitted with a metal blade, combine blue cheese and cream cheese. Process until smooth and blended. Transfer to air-tight container and chill in refrigerator for at least 4 hours. Once chilled, form cheese into 6 even sized balls and roll each blue cheese ball in chopped dates. Serve cheese set on clean basil leaves. Arrange on a platter or cheese board with assorted crackers. <END>
INPUT: wrapped, jumbo shrimp, sea scallops, lime, sesame oil, grill seasoning coarse
OUTPUT: TITLE: Bacon Wrapped Shrimp and Scallops | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 12 jumbo raw peeled deveined shrimp, 16 to 20 count per pound; 12 large sea scallops, trimmed and well drained; 1 lime, juiced and zested; 1 tablespoon toasted sesame oil; 1 tablespoon grill seasoning or coarse salt and black pepper; 1 teaspoon hot red pepper flakes; 12 slices center cut or applewood smoked bacon, cut in 1/2; Toothpicks; 3 scallions, very thinly sliced on an angle | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat oven to 425 degrees F. Place shrimp and scallops in a shallow dish or bowl. Dress seafood with lime juice and zest, a generous drizzle of sesame oil, grill seasoning and hot pepper flakes. Wrap each shrimp and scallop with a half slice of bacon. Wrap each shrimp working from head to tail, pulling bacon snuggly around the shrimp. Wrap the bacon around the outside of each scallop. Fasten bacon in place as necessary with picks. Arrange the shrimp and scallops on a slotted baking pan, such as a broiler pan, to allow draining while bacon crisps. Bake shrimp an <END>
INPUT: praline, unsalted butter, light sugar, light corn syrup, kosher salt, vanilla extract
OUTPUT: TITLE: Bourbon Praline Cake | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, plus more for greasing; 1/3 cup packed light brown sugar; 1/3 cup light corn syrup; 1/4 teaspoon kosher salt; 1 1/2 teaspoons vanilla extract; 2 1/4 cups pecans, toasted; 1 1/2 cups cake flour; 1 teaspoon baking soda; 1/4 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg; 1/4 teaspoon fine salt; 1/3 cup buttermilk, at room temperature; 2 tablespoons bourbon; 1 1/2 sticks unsalted butter, at room temperature; 1 1/4 cups granulated sugar; 3 large eggs, at room temperature | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Butter a 9-inch springform pan, then line the bottom and sides with parchment paper and butter the paper. Wrap the outside of the pan with foil. Make the praline layer: Melt the butter in a saucepan over medium heat. Whisk in the brown sugar, corn syrup, kosher salt and vanilla. Spread in the prepared pan and scatter the pecans on top; set aside. Make the cake: Whisk the flour, baking soda, nutmeg and fine salt in a large bowl. Whisk the buttermilk and bourbon in another bowl. Beat the butter and granulated sugar with a mixer on medium-high speed until fluffy <END>
INPUT: warm, salad, bacon, Brussels sprouts, caraway seeds, vegetable oil, whites wine vinegar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Warm Brussels Sprout and Spinach Salad with Bacon | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 slices of bacon; 1 pint Brussels sprouts, trimmed, steamed for 3 minutes, and chopped fine (about 1 3/4 cups); 1 1/2 teaspoons caraway seeds; 3 tablespoons vegetable oil; 3 tablespoons whites-wine vinegar; 1/4 teaspoon sugar, or to taste; 1/2 pound spinach, tough stems discarded and the leaves washed well and spun dry (about 8 cups) | INSTRUCTIONS: In a heavy skillet cook the bacon over moderate heat until it is crisp and transfer it to paper towels to drain. Heat the fat remaining in the skillet over moderately high heat until it is hot but not smoking and in it sauté the Brussels sprouts with the caraway seeds, stirring, for 1 to 2 minutes, or until the sprouts are tender and pale golden. Remove the skillet from the heat, stir in the oil, the vinegar, and the sugar, and add the spinach. Sauté the mixture over moderately high heat, tossing it, for 1 minute, or until the spinach is wilted. Season the salad with pepper and sprinkle it wit <END>
INPUT: caramel, apples, heavy cream, sugar, light corn syrup, kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Caramel Apples | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 to 8 small apples (Granny Smith work best); 1/2 cup heavy cream; 2 cups sugar; 1 tablespoon light corn syrup; 1/4 teaspoon kosher salt; Toppings: Mini chocolate chips, chopped salted peanuts, crushed pretzels, flaky salt, and sprinkles | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: 6 to 8 chopsticks or ice pop sticks for skewering apples Line a baking sheet with parchment. Wash and dry the apples well, insert a chopstick into the stem end of each one, and stand on the prepared baking sheet. Place the baking sheet and cream next to the stove. Put the sugar, corn syrup and 1/2 cup water in a medium saucepan with high sides and heat over medium-high heat, stirring occasionally, until the sugar dissolves, about 5 minutes. Raise the heat to high and cook without stirring until the mixture is honey colored, about 10 minutes. If you have a thermometer, it sho <END>
INPUT: salad, Cornish game hens, Kosher salt pepper, Asian chili sauce, lime juice, dark sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Glazed Hens With Cucumber-Cantaloupe Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 Cornish game hens (about 1 1/2 pounds each); Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper; 2 to 3 teaspoons Asian chili sauce (such as sambal oelek); 3 tablespoons fresh lime juice; 3 tablespoons packed dark brown sugar; 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1/2 small cantaloupe; 1 shallot; 1 English cucumber | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 500 degrees F. Season the hens all over with salt and pepper, place on a rack in a roasting pan and roast 15 minutes. Meanwhile, whisk the chili sauce, lime juice, brown sugar, olive oil and 2 teaspoons salt in a measuring cup to dissolve the sugar. Set half of the mixture aside in a bowl for the salad. Baste the hens with some of the remaining dressing, then rotate the pan and continue to cook until the hens are golden and a thermometer inserted into the thickest part of the thigh registers 160 degrees F, about 20 more minutes. Meanwhile, peel and thinly slice the cantalou <END>
INPUT: sauce, olive oil, onion, carrots, garlic, plum tomatoes their
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tomato Carrot Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1 small onion, finely chopped; 1/4 pound carrots, finely sliced; 1 clove garlic; 2 cups plum tomatoes with their juices, chopped; Salt and pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat olive oil. Add onion and carrots and saute for a couple of minutes. Add a bit of water, cover and simmer over low heat until vegetables are tender. Add the tomatoes, and simmer, covered for 15 minutes. Strain through a food mill or puree in a food processor and then pass sauce through a sieve to remove lumps. Season with salt and pepper. <END>
INPUT: sundae, pecan halves, dark sugar, bourbon, maple syrup
OUTPUT: TITLE: Bourbon-Maple-Pecan Sundae | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 tablespoons (1/2 stick) unsalted butter; 1 1/2 cups pecan halves; 1/4 cup dark brown sugar; 2 tablespoons bourbon; 2 tablespoons maple syrup; 8 scoops vanilla bean ice cream, for serving; 1/4 teaspoon sea salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Melt the butter in a saucepan over medium-high heat until it foams. Add the pecans and toss to coat evenly; toast for about 1 minute. Add the brown sugar and swirl until it melts; toss to coat the nuts. Add the bourbon and maple syrup and remove from the heat. Swirl the sauce to mix, and then allow to cool slightly in the pan. Pour the sauce over scoops of ice cream to serve as a sundae. Season with a little pinch of salt. Serve immediately. <END>
INPUT: root, vegetables, vegetable oil, parsnips, cubes carrots, cubes parsnips
OUTPUT: TITLE: Creamy Rice with Parsnip Purée and Root Vegetables | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon vegetable oil; 8 ounces parsnips, peeled, cut into 1/2-inch cubes; 2 cups (or more) vegetable stock or vegetable broth; 1 cup 1/4-inch cubes peeled carrots; 1 cup 1/4-inch cubes peeled parsnips; 1 cup 1/4-inch cubes peeled turnips; 2 1/2 cups water; 1 1/4 cups basmati rice; 3/4 teaspoon coarse kosher salt; 1 1/4 cups vegetable stock or vegetable broth | INSTRUCTIONS: For parsnip puree: Heat oil in heavy medium saucepan over medium heat. Add parsnips and sauté until beginning to soften but not brown, about 5 minutes. Add 2 cups vegetable stock and bring to boil over medium-high heat. Reduce heat to medium; boil gently, uncovered, until parsnips are tender and stock is reduced by about half, about 35 minutes. Transfer parsnip and stock mixture to blender and puree until smooth, scraping down sides occasionally and adding more vegetable stock by tablespoonfuls if puree is very thick. Transfer to bowl. Season puree to taste with salt and pepper. do ahead Can b <END>
INPUT: Mexican, tossed, salad, coconut, mangoes, carrots, onion, tomatoes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tossed Salad with Mango, Roasted Coconut and Lime Vinaigrette | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 small fresh coconut; 2 mangoes; 2 carrots; 1 red onion; 2 tomatoes; 1 head of your favorite lettuce; 2 fresh limes; 1/2 cup red wine vinegar; 1/2 teaspoon chopped habanero pepper (protect your hands and eyes, avoid breathing in fumes); 1 tablespoon hot sauce; 1 cup canola oil; Salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F. Place coconut on a towel, and with a mallet (or hammer) and punch (or clean screwdriver), tap "through-holes" into at least 2 of the "eyes" (recessed spots) of the coconut and drain out the liquid. Place the coconut on a baking sheet and roast it for about 1 hour. Microwave the limes in a small bowl to release essential oils and set aside to cool. When coconut is cool enough to handle, place on a towel and break open with mallet. Shave the roasted "meat" out of the coconut with a paring knife and briefly set aside. Peel the mangoes, cut the fruit away from seed,  <END>
INPUT: shortbread, butter, sugar, pure vanilla extract, all purpose flour, espresso powder
OUTPUT: TITLE: Espresso Shortbread | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 sticks butter, at room temperature; 1/2 cup sugar; 1/2 teaspoon pure vanilla extract; 1 1/2 cups all-purpose flour; 1 1/2 tablespoons espresso powder; 1/4 cup espresso beans, roughly ground | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: 9 by 9 inch baking pan Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Cream the butter and sugar together until light and fluffy. Add the vanilla extract and mix for 30 seconds. Next add the flour and espresso powder and mix until the dough is smooth, about 1 minute. Spray the shortbread pan with cooking spray and scatter the ground espresso across the bottom of the pan. Gently press the dough evenly into the espresso covered pan. Place the pan into the top half of the oven and bake until the shortbread is set, about 18 to 20 minutes. Remove from the oven and let cool 15 minutes. Using  <END>
INPUT: breasts, muffins, corn muffin mix, Mexican cheese blend, cilantro leaves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken Breasts with Glazed Peaches and Fennel and Corn Muffins in Poblano Cups | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Cooking spray; 1 box corn muffin mix (recommended: Jiffy); 1/2 cup shredded Mexican cheese blend; 1 (7-ounce) jar chopped pimentos; 2 tablespoons freshly chopped cilantro leaves; 6 poblano peppers, halved lengthwise and seeded; 1 tablespoon olive oil; 1/2 cup sliced red onion; 1 fennel bulb, thinly sliced; 4 roasted chicken breast halves; 1 (14-ounce) can peaches, undrained; 1 tablespoon freshly chopped rosemary leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. Coat a large baking sheet with cooking spray. Prepare corn muffin mix according to package directions, adding cheese, pimentos and cilantro when you add other ingredients. Arrange poblano pepper halves on prepared baking sheet and fill each pepper with an equal amount of corn muffin mix. Bake 18 to 20 minutes, until a wooden pick inserted in 1 muffin comes out clean. Meanwhile, heat oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Add onion and fennel and saute 3 to 5 minutes, until soft. Add chicken, peaches and rosemary and bring to a simmer. Cook for 5 minutes, u <END>
INPUT: roast, chicken, Goose fat, Salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roast Chicken | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 1/2 pound chicken; Goose fat; Salt and pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Rub chicken with goose fat, salt and pepper. Place chicken, breast side down on a rack in a roasting pan. Roast 30 minutes, turn over and roast for an additional 20 to 30 minutes, basting occasionally, or until the juices run clear. <END>
INPUT: creme, brulee, cranberry sauce, half half, vanilla bean, pure vanilla extract, egg egg yolks
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cranberry Vanilla Creme Brulee | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 16 tablespoons cranberry sauce; 1 cup half-and-half; 1 vanilla bean, preferably Tahitian; 1/2 teaspoon pure vanilla extract; 1 egg plus 8 egg yolks; 2/3 cup granulated sugar; 1 1/2 cups heavy cream, cold; 2 tablespoons superfine sugar (see tip)* | INSTRUCTIONS: Spoon 2 tablespoons of cranberry sauce into each of 8 (4-ounce) ramekins. Preheat the oven to 325 degrees. In a small saucepan, combine the half-and half, vanilla bean, and vanilla extract. Heat over medium heat just until scalded; do not allow the mixture to boil. Fill a large bowl with water and add ice. In a medium mixing bowl, combine the egg, egg yolks, and granulated sugar and mix. Gradually stir in the scalded half-and-half mixture and place the smaller bowl in the bowl of ice water to cool completely. Stir in the heavy cream and top equally the cranberry prepped ramekins. Place in a ba <END>
INPUT: shake, nonfat milk, fat free chocolate, nonfat skim evaporated, ice cubes, light chocolate syrup
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate Milk Shake | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups nonfat milk; 1 cup fat-free chocolate ice cream; 1/2 cup nonfat or skim evaporated milk; 1 cup ice cubes; 2 tbsp light chocolate syrup; 1 tbsp malted-milk powder; 1/2 tsp pure vanilla extract; 2 crumbled chocolate chip or Oreo cookies | INSTRUCTIONS: Place all ingredients in a blender and whip thoroughly. For a thicker milk shake, add an additional tablespoon or 2 of malted-milk powder until shake reaches desired thickness. (Each tablespoon adds 40 calories and 0.25 g fat per shake.) Place all ingredients in a blender and whip thoroughly. For a thicker milk shake, add an additional tablespoon or 2 of malted-milk powder until shake reaches desired thickness. (Each tablespoon adds 40 calories and 0.25 g fat per shake.) <END>
INPUT: cider, apples, peppercorns, juniper berries, fennel seeds, thyme leaves, olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Leg of Venison with Cider-Baked Apples, Red Chard, and Cranberry Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 teaspoons black peppercorns; 2 teaspoons juniper berries; 2 teaspoons fennel seeds; 2 teaspoons dried or fresh thyme leaves; 1/2 cup olive oil; 1 (3-pound) boneless venison leg roast or turkey breast, trimmed and tied; 1 cinnamon stick, snapped in half; 4 teaspoons fennel seeds; 4 teaspoons whole cloves; 4 teaspoons black peppercorns; 4 teaspoons juniper berries; 6 cups fresh cranberries (about 12 ounces); 1 1/2 cups red wine, such as pinot noir; 1 cup balsamic vinegar; 2/3 cup sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: To prepare venison: In a spice grinder or food processor, grind the peppercorns, juniper berries, fennel seeds, and thyme together. Mix with 4 tablespoons of the olive oil and rub on the venison. Cover and let stand in the refrigerator for 4 to 12 hours. Remove the venison from the refrigerator 1 hour before cooking to come to room temperature. To make the cranberry sauce: In a food processor or spice grinder, coarsely grind the cinnamon, fennel seeds, cloves, peppercorns, and juniper berries together. Place in a cheesecloth square and tie closed with a string. In a heavy medium saucepan, comb <END>
INPUT: French, Reserved chicken liquid, carrots, celery, sweet butter, shallots
OUTPUT: TITLE: Exotic Mushrooms and Tarragon Cream | CUISINE: French | INGREDIENTS: Reserved chicken cooking liquid; 3 carrots sliced, about 3/4 cup; 2 stalks celery, diced, about 1/2 cup; 1 tablespoon sweet butter; 2 tablespoons finely chopped shallots; 1 pound mixed exotic mushrooms, sliced and broken by hand; 1 cup heavy cream; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/2 teaspoon pepper; Reserved chicken meat; 1/4 cup chopped fresh tarragon leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: Place the chicken broth in a 4 quart casserole and bring to the boil. Add the carrots and celery and simmer for 10 minutes. Mean put he butter in a saute pan and begin to cook the shallots over medium heat. Add the mushrooms to the pan and cook over high heat for 5 minutes . Add the cream to the pot over broth and vegetables and then add the Sauteed mushrooms to the pot. Simmer this for 5 minutes before adding the chicken and continuing to cook for 20 minutes. Add the tarragon and place into single serving crocks or bowls and top each one with a biscuit. <END>
INPUT: Italian, mozzarella, tomatoes, Basil Vinaigrette, basil leaves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fresh Mozzarella with Red and Yellow Tomatoes and Basil Vinaigrette | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound fresh mozzarella, sliced into 1/4-inch thick slices; 2 ripe red tomatoes, sliced into 1/4-inch thick slices; 2 ripe yellow tomatoes, sliced into 1/4-inch thick slices; Basil Vinaigrette, recipe follows; Fresh basil leaves, torn; Salt and freshly ground pepper; 1/2 cup fresh basil leaves; 1/4 cup white wine vinegar; 1 tablespoon honey; Salt and freshly ground pepper; 1/2 cup olive oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Arrange the cheese and tomatoes on a platter and drizzle with the vinaigrette, to taste, and garnish with basil leaves.; Combine all ingredients and blend until smooth. Adjust seasoning with salt and pepper, to taste. <END>
INPUT: pancakes, flour, salt, baking powder, olive oil, milk more
OUTPUT: TITLE: Rice Pancakes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup flour; 1 teaspoon salt; 2 teaspoons baking powder; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1 cup milk or more; 2 eggs, lightly beaten; 3/4 cooked long grain rice; 1/4 cup grated Parmesan cheese; 1/4 cup sliced scallions | INSTRUCTIONS: Whisk flour, salt and baking powder together and set aside. Whisk olive oil, milk and eggs and set aside. Preheat the griddle. Combine the dry and wet ingredients and fold in eggs, rice, cheese and scallions; if batter is too thick, thin it with more milk. Drop about 1/4 cup of batter onto a griddle and cook for 3 to 4 minutes per side until cooked through. Serve with a black bean stew. <END>
INPUT: sugar, cinnamon, plums, apricots, pure vanilla extract
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sugar-Roasted Plums and Apricots | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup sugar; 1/4 teaspoon cinnamon; 6 plums*, cut in half and pitted; 6 apricots*, cut in half and pitted; 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract; 1/4 cup fresh orange juice | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. In a small bowl, whisk together the sugar and cinnamon. In another bowl, toss the plums, apricots, vanilla extract, and orange juice together. In a roasting pan or oven-proof baking dish, arrange the fruit cut-side up pouring any extra juice in the baking dish. Sprinkle evenly with the cinnamon-sugar mixture. Roast for 15 to 20 minutes or until the fruit is fork tender. <END>
INPUT: soup, root, pearl barley, water, confit duck legs, carrots, parsnips
OUTPUT: TITLE: Barley Soup with Duck Confit and Root Vegetables | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup pearl barley; 7 cups water; 2 confit duck legs*; 2 medium carrots, peeled, quartered lengthwise, then cut crosswise into 1/4-inch-thick pieces (1 cup); 2 medium parsnips, peeled, quartered lengthwise, then cut crosswise into 1/4-inch-thick pieces (1 3/4 cups); 1 garlic clove, finely chopped; 3 cups reduced-sodium chicken broth (24 fl oz); 3/4 teaspoon salt; 1/4 teaspoon black pepper; 1 teaspoon chopped fresh thyme | INSTRUCTIONS: Simmer barley in 4 cups water, uncovered, in a 5- to 6-quart heavy pot, until almost tender, 20 to 40 minutes. Drain in a sieve. Remove skin and any fat from duck legs. Cook skin and fat in a 1- to 1 1/2-quart heavy saucepan over low heat, stirring occasionally, until fat is rendered, about 8 minutes, then strain through a fine-mesh sieve into a small bowl, discarding skin. Reserve fat. While fat is rendering, remove duck meat from bones, reserving bones, and shred meat into small pieces. Heat 1 tablespoon duck fat (reserving any remainder for another use) in cleaned 5- to 6-quart pot over mod <END>
INPUT: Asian, pineapple preserves, teriyaki sauce, chicken, egg, packages chicken flavored
OUTPUT: TITLE: Ramen Chicken Fingers | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup pineapple preserves; 2 tablespoons teriyaki sauce; For the chicken fingers:; 1 large egg white; 2 3-ounce packages chicken-flavored ramen noodles, broken into chunks; 2 large skinless, boneless chicken breasts, each cut into 8 strips; 2 tablespoons sesame seeds; Vegetable or peanut oil, for frying | INSTRUCTIONS: Make the dipping sauce: Whisk the pineapple preserves and teriyaki sauce in a bowl. Make the chicken fingers: Combine the egg white and the flavor packet from one ramen package in a large bowl (discard the remaining flavor packet). Add the chicken and toss to coat. Pulse the ramen noodles in a food processor to make fine crumbs. Transfer the crumbs to a baking sheet and stir in the sesame seeds. Heat 1/2 inch of vegetable oil in a large skillet or heavy-bottomed pot until hot but not smoking. Remove the chicken from the egg white mixture, shaking off any excess, and coat with the ramen crumbs, <END>
INPUT: crackers, graham flour, all purpose flour, dark sugar, aluminum free baking, baking soda
OUTPUT: TITLE: Graham Crackers | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 8 3/8 ounces graham flour; 1 7/8 ounces all-purpose flour; 3 ounces dark brown sugar; 3/4 teaspoon aluminum-free baking powder; 1/2 teaspoon baking soda; 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt; 1/8 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 3 ounces unsalted butter, cut into 1/4-inch cubes and chilled; 2 1/4 ounces molasses; 1 1/2 ounces whole milk; 1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract | INSTRUCTIONS: Place both flours, sugar, baking powder, baking soda, salt and cinnamon into the bowl of a food processor and pulse several times to combine. Add the butter and pulse until the mixture resembles cornmeal. Add the molasses, milk and vanilla extract and process until the dough forms a ball, approximately 1 minute. Press the ball into a 1/2-inch thick disk, wrap in plastic wrap, and refrigerate for 30 minutes. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Unwrap the chilled dough and place it onto a large piece of parchment paper and top with a second sheet of parchment paper. Roll the dough out until it is <END>
INPUT: American, frosted, heavy whipping cream, caramel sauce dulce, homemade double crust, cinnamon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Caramel Frosted Pie | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup heavy whipping cream; 1/4 cup caramel sauce or dulce de leche; 1 store-bought or homemade double-crust apple or cherry pie; Ground cinnamon, for serving, optional | INSTRUCTIONS: Using a hand mixer or a stand mixer with a whisk attachment, beat together the heavy cream with the caramel until soft peaks form. Pile the whipped cream on top of the pie and use an offset spatula to spread it. Serve dusted with cinnamon, if desired. <END>
INPUT: lentils, onion, carrot, long orange peel, water
OUTPUT: TITLE: Salmon with Bacon and Lentils | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup lentils; 1 onion, minced; 1 carrot, peeled, finely chopped; 4 2-inch-long orange peel strips (orange part only); 2 1/2 cups water; 4 8-ounce salmon fillets, each cut crosswise into 3 pieces; 6 bacon slices, each cut crosswise in half; 1/4 cup whipping cream; 1/4 cup chopped fresh parsley; 1/4 cup chopped chives or green onions; 2 tablespoons minced fresh tarragon or 2 teaspoons dried | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine lentils, onion, carrot and orange peel in heavy large saucepan. Add 2 1/2 cups water and bring to boil. Reduce heat; simmer until lentils are tender, stirring occasionally, about 25 minutes. Drain, reserving 3/4 cup cooking liquid. Discard orange peel. Return lentils to pan. Season lentils with salt and pepper. (Can be prepared 1 say ahead. Cover and chill lentils and reserved cooking liquid separately.) Preheat oven to 450°F. Place salmon on baking sheet. Wrap 1 bacon strip around center of each salmon piece, arranging bacon ends on bottom. Bake salmon until opaque in center, about 8  <END>
INPUT: barbecued, slabs baby back, Kosher salt pepper, virgin olive oil, bacon, thyme
OUTPUT: TITLE: The Ultimate Barbecued Ribs | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 slabs baby back ribs (about 3 pounds); Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; Extra-virgin olive oil; 2 bacon slices; 4 sprigs fresh thyme; 1/2 onion; 3 smashed garlic cloves; 2 cups ketchup; 1 cup peach preserves; 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard or 1 tablespoon dry mustard; 2 tablespoons brown sugar; 1/4 cup molasses; 2 tablespoons red or white wine vinegar; 1 teaspoon ground cumin; 1 teaspoon ground paprika | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Special equipment: Kitchen twine Preheat the oven to 250 degrees F. Put the ribs on a baking sheet, season with salt and pepper and drizzle with olive oil. Stick them in the oven, and let the ribs bake, low and slow for 1 1/2 hours. Meanwhile, make the sauce. Wrap the bacon around the middle of the thyme sprigs and tie with kitchen twine so you have a nice bundle. Heat a 2-count of oil in a large saucepan over medium heat. Add the thyme bundle and cook slowly for 3 to 4 minutes to render the bacon fat and give the sauce a nice smoky taste. Add the onion and garli <END>
INPUT: soup, lemon, rosemary, virgin olive oil, unsalted butter, scallions
OUTPUT: TITLE: Creamy French Fry and Scallion Soup | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 lemon; 2 fresh rosemary sprigs, cut in half; 1/2 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1 bunch scallions, thinly sliced (white, light green and dark green parts kept separate); 4 cloves garlic, minced; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 4 cups low-sodium chicken broth; 1 pound frozen shoestring-style French fries (about 6 cups), thawed; 1/2 baguette, sliced in half lengthwise; 1/3 cup sour cream | INSTRUCTIONS: Set the oven to broil with a rack set about 4 inches from the heat source. Peel the zest away from the lemon in long strips, avoiding the white pith. Place the lemon zest, rosemary sprigs and oil in a small saucepan over medium-low heat and heat until the oil just comes to a simmer, about 10 minutes. Turn off the heat and allow to sit at room temperature while you prepare the soup. Melt the butter over medium heat in a large saucepan. Add the white and light green parts of the scallions (about 1/2 cup) and the garlic. Cook until softened, stirring constantly, 3 to 5 minutes. Add the chicken br <END>
INPUT: wild, soup, shiitake mushrooms, portobello mushrooms, cremini, good olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cream of Wild Mushroom Soup | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 5 ounces fresh shiitake mushrooms; 5 ounces fresh portobello mushrooms; 5 ounces fresh cremini (or porcini) mushrooms; 1 tablespoon good olive oil; 1/4 pound (1 stick) plus 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, divided; 1 cup chopped yellow onion; 1 carrot, chopped; 1 sprig fresh thyme plus 1 teaspoon minced thyme leaves, divided; Kosher salt; Freshly ground black pepper; 2 cups chopped leeks, white and light green parts (2 leeks); 1/4 cup all-purpose flour; 1 cup dry white wine; 1 cup half-and-half; 1 cup heavy cream | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Clean the mushrooms by wiping them with a dry paper towel. Don't wash them! Separate the stems, trim off any bad parts, and coarsely chop the stems. Slice the mushroom caps 1/4-inch thick and, if they are big, cut them into bite-sized pieces. Set aside. To make the stock, heat the olive oil and 1 tablespoon of the butter in a large pot. Add the chopped mushroom stems, the onion, carrot, the sprig of thyme, 1 teaspoon salt, and 1/2 teaspoon pepper and cook over medium-low heat for 10 to 15 minutes, until the vegetables are soft. Add 6 cups water, bring to a boil,  <END>
INPUT: bistro, clams, wine, mirin wine, ouzo, lemon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Bistro Steamed Clams with Roasted Shallots and Saffron | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 pounds fresh clams, rinsed; 1/2 cup dry white wine; 1/2 cup mirin wine; 1/3 cup ouzo; 1 lemon, zested; 1/2 lemon, juiced; 1/2 teaspoon saffron threads; 6 shallots, roasted and coarsely chopped; 2 cloves garlic, minced; 4 tablespoons unsalted butter; Salt; Freshly cracked black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large stock pot over high heat, combine clams, wine, mirin, ouzo, lemon zest and juice, saffron, roasted shallots, and garlic. Bring the mixture to a boil and cook until the clams just begin to open, 3 to 4 minutes. Add the butter and continue cooking until the clams have opened completely, about 4 minutes longer. Discard any unopened clams. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Serve the clams and cooking liquid in large pasta bowls. Serve warm. <END>
INPUT: salad, Olive oil, Brussels sprout leaves, Salt pepper, onions, bacon lardoons
OUTPUT: TITLE: Brussel Sprout Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Olive oil, for sauteing; 80 Brussels sprout leaves (about 5 pounds) remove spotty or excessively dark leaves; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 3 large red onions, caramelized and sweated to 2 cups; 1 1/2 cup bacon lardoons; 2/3 cup vinaigrette, recipe follows; 2 cups croutons; 4 hard boiled medium eggs, each cut into 16 wedges; 2 large shallots, finely diced; 4 small garlic cloves, minced; 1 teaspoon chopped fresh thyme; 1/2 cup red wine vinegar; Salt and pepper; 2 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil; 2 tablespoons pure olive oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat oil until almost smoking, add Brussels sprout leaves, and toss until wilted. Season with salt and pepper. Add onions and lardoons, and toss until hot. Add vinaigrette, toss, and then add croutons and eggs. Toss only to mix. Plate and serve immediately. Place garlic and shallots in a bowl with thyme, vinegar, salt and pepper. Allow to macerate for at least 30 minutes. Whisk in pure and extra virgin olive oil. Adjust seasoning, to taste. <END>
INPUT: garlic, kosher salt, lemon zest, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Rosemary and Thyme Braised Lamb Shoulder | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 (6-pound) bone-in lamb shoulder roast, tied; 1 large head garlic, separated into cloves (about 12), peeled; 1 1/2 tablespoons kosher salt; 1 tablespoon grated lemon zest; Freshly ground black pepper; 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 1 tablespoon minced fresh rosemary plus 1 sprig; 1 tablespoon minced fresh thyme plus 5 sprigs; 2 cups dry white wine; 2 cups water; 2 tablespoons all-purpose flour; 1/2 teaspoon minced fresh rosemary; 1/2 teaspoon minced fresh thyme; a heavy 6 1/2 - 7 quart nonreactive heavy pot with a tight fitting lid, or a heavy-duty nonreactive roasting pan with heavy-duty foil | INSTRUCTIONS: Roast lamb: Make slits in lamb shoulder all over at 2-inch intervals with a paring knife. Pound garlic with kosher salt, zest, and 1/2 teaspoon black pepper to a coarse paste with mortar and pestle (or mince and mash with a large knife), then stir together with oil and 1 tablespoon each of rosemary and thyme. Rub paste all over lamb. Put in heavy pot or roasting pan, then chill, covered, 12 to 24 hours. Bring roast to room temperature (about 1 hour). Preheat oven to 350°F with rack in lower third. Pour wine and water around lamb and add herb sprigs. Cover roast with a sheet of parchment. Cover <END>
INPUT: shrimp, virgin olive oil, Kosher salt pepper, lemon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Quick Grilled Shrimp | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound peeled and deveined large shrimp (about 20 shrimp); Extra-virgin olive oil, for brushing; Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper; 1 lemon, halved | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Special equipment: Four 12-inch skewers Prepare a grill for very high heat. Curl each shrimp into a C shape, and skewer through the neck and tail; you should be able to fit 5 on each skewer. Brush the shrimp with oil and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Place the lemon halves on the grill cut-sides down. Lay the skewers flat on the grill and grill, covered, for 90 seconds. Flip the skewers and grill, covered, until grill marks appear on the shrimp, about 1 minute. Transfer the skewers to a plate, squeeze the grilled lemon halves over the top and serve. <END>
INPUT: Swiss chard, water, salt, olive oil, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Swiss Chard with Garlic and Oil | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 large bunch Swiss chard (preferably red variety); 3 quarts water (plus 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar if the chard is of the red variety); 1 tablespoon salt; 1/4 cup olive oil; 2 tablespoons chopped garlic; 1 teaspoon dried red pepper flakes; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/2 teaspoon ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Clean the Swiss chard of any dry outer leaves and discard the very bottom of the stem. Cut the chard into 1-inch pieces, shredding as much of the largest pieces as possible. Bring the(and vinegar) to a boil and add the salt. Add the chard and cook 3 to 4 minutes at a simmer. When the chard is tender but still retains some of its bite, remove from the heat, drain, and shock in ice water to stop the cooking process. Drain the chard again and dry on paper towels. In a large saute pan, heat the oil until hot, add the chard, and saute over high heat for a minute before adding the garlic and pepper  <END>
INPUT: muffins, cornmeal, all purpose flour, baking powder, baking soda, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Jalapeno-Jack Corn Muffins | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup yellow cornmeal; 1 cup all-purpose flour; 2 teaspoons baking powder; 1/2 teaspoon baking soda; 2 tablespoons sugar; 1 teaspoon salt; 1 cup buttermilk; 2 eggs, lightly beaten; 1/4 cup melted unsalted butter; 1 cup shredded Jack; 2 jalapeno peppers, diced; 1 jalapeno pepper, cut in 12 slices | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Spray muffin tin with non-stick spray. In a large bowl, combine the cornmeal, flour, baking powder, baking soda, sugar and salt. In another bowl, whisk together the buttermilk, eggs, butter, cheese and diced jalapeno peppers. Add the wet ingredients to the dry ingredients and stir the batter until all ingredients are thoroughly incorporated. Divide the batter into the prepared muffin pan, filling 2/3 of the way full. Place a jalapeno slice on top of each muffin. Bake until golden, about 25 minutes. <END>
INPUT: curried, butter, onion, garlic, ginger, madras type curry
OUTPUT: TITLE: Curried Chicken | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons butter; 1 large onion, minced; 3 cloves garlic, minced; 2 teaspoons minced fresh ginger; 3 tablespoons madras-type curry powder; 1/2 teaspoon crushed red chiles; 1/2 cup or more cane vinegar; 3 pounds skinless, boneless chicken breast, cut into strips; 4 large potatoes, peeled and chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large frying pan, heat the butter and saute the onion, garlic, and ginger until the onion is soft, but not brown. Add the curry powder and chiles, stirring so that they do not stick or burn. Add the vinegar. There should be enough to make a smooth paste.(You may need up to 1/4 cup more vinegar.) Cover the chicken pieces with the paste and place them in a covered bowl in the refrigerator. Allow the chicken pieces to marinate for at least 2 hours. When ready to cook, place the chicken pieces in a large frying pan and add enough water to reconstitute the paste and prevent scorching. Cover an <END>
INPUT: manhattan, olive oil, slab bacon fat, carrots, onion, celery
OUTPUT: TITLE: Manhattan Clam Chowder | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1/4 pound fresh slab bacon or fat back, diced; 4 carrots, peeled and diced, about 2 cups; 1 large onion, peeled and diced, about 1 cup; 4 celery stalks, diced, about 1 cup; 3 tablespoons fresh oregano; 3 tablespoons fresh thyme leaves; 2 bay leaves; 2 tablespoons chopped garlic; 1 teaspoon cayenne pepper; 1 cup plum tomatoes, drained and crushed; 2 quarts water; 2 russet potatoes (about 3/4 pound), cleaned, peeled, and diced; 2 dozen chowder clams steamed open, chopped, cleaned and their juices reserved; Salt and freshly ground black pepper to taste | INSTRUCTIONS: In a heavy bottomed soup pot, heat the olive oil, add the bacon or fat back and cook until its fat begins to render. Add the diced vegetables to the pot and sweat over low heat until wilted, about 15 minutes. Add the oregano, thyme, bay leaves, garlic, and cayenne and stir to combine. Add the crushed tomato and water and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat and simmer for one hour. Add the potatoes and continue to simmer for another 1/2 hour. Stir in the chopped clams with their juice and continue to cook for 2 minutes. Season with salt and freshly ground pepper. Serve hot, with chowder crackers a <END>
INPUT: cocktail, Lime wedges, Sugar, mango puree, champagne
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mango Champagne Cocktail | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Lime wedges; Sugar, for rim; 1/2-ounce mango puree; 3 ounces champagne | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Moisten the rim of a champagne glass with the wedge of lime. Dip the rim into granulated sugar. Add mango puree and champagne. Decorate glass with lime wedge. <END>
INPUT: Indian, spiced, chutney, sugar, cider vinegar, ginger, garlic, cumin
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pork Tenderloin with Spiced Rhubarb Chutney | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 cup sugar; 1/3 cup cider vinegar; 1 tablespoon minced peeled fresh ginger; 1 tablespoon ground garlic; 1 teaspoon cumin; 1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1/2 teaspoon ground cloves; 1/4 teaspoon dried crushed red pepper; 4 cups 1/2-inch cubes fresh rhubarb (about 1 1/2 pounds); 1/2 cup (generous) chopped red onion; 1/3 cup dried tart cherries or golden raisins (about 2 ounces); 2 pork tenderloins (about 1 1/2 pounds total), trimmed; 2 teaspoons ground cumin; 1 tablespoon olive oil; Fresh cilantro sprigs | INSTRUCTIONS: For chutney: Combine first 8 ingredients in heavy large Dutch oven. Bring to simmer over low heat, stirring until sugar dissolves. Add rhubarb, onion and dried cherries; increase heat to medium-high and cook until rhubarb is tender and mixture thickens slightly, about 5 minutes. Cool completely. (Can be made 1 day ahead. Cover and chill. Bring to room temperature before using.) Combine first 8 ingredients in heavy large Dutch oven. Bring to simmer over low heat, stirring until sugar dissolves. Add rhubarb, onion and dried cherries; increase heat to medium-high and cook until rhubarb is tender  <END>
INPUT: salad, cucumbers, salt, mint, garlic, oregano
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cucumber-Yogurt Salad with Mint | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 medium cucumbers, peeled, seeded, diced; 1 1/2 teaspoons salt; 1 tablespoon fresh mint, minced; 1 garlic clove, minced; 1 teaspoon dried oregano; 1 8-ounce container plain yogurt; 2 tablespoons whipping cream; Pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Place cucumbers in colander. Sprinkle with salt. Let stand 15 minutes. Rinse cucumbers. Drain on paper towels. Combine mint, garlic, and oregano in large bowl. Stir in yogurt and cream. Add cucumber and stir to coat. Season with pepper. Refrigerate until chilled. (Can be prepared 5 hours ahead.) Place cucumbers in colander. Sprinkle with salt. Let stand 15 minutes. Rinse cucumbers. Drain on paper towels. Combine mint, garlic, and oregano in large bowl. Stir in yogurt and cream. Add cucumber and stir to coat. Season with pepper. Refrigerate until chilled. (Can be prepared 5 hours ahead.) <END>
INPUT: Salt, wheat fettuccine pappardelle, chicken stock, virgin olive oil, lemons
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lemon Chive Noodles | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Salt; 1 pound whole-wheat fettuccine or pappardelle noodles; 2 cups chicken stock; 1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil; 2 lemons, zested and sliced; 1/2 cup tamari sauce; 1 bunch chives, chopped into 1-inch lengths; Freshly ground black pepper; Hot sauce, optional | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil add the pasta and cook until just shy of al dente. Drain. While pasta water comes to a boil, heat the stock, oil, sliced lemon and tamari sauce and allow to reduce over medium-high heat, about 7 to 8 minutes. Toss cooked pasta with sauce for 1 to 2 minutes to absorb flavor, add in reserved zest and chives then serve as first course or a side dish. Spice it up with pepper or hot sauce to pass at table. <END>
INPUT: pencil asparagus, pencil scallions, unsalted butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pencil-Thin Asparagus and Scallions | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 pound pencil-thin asparagus (about 30 stalks), trimmed and lower stalks peeled; 15 pencil-thin whole scallions, trimmed and cut to length of asparagus, plus 2 scallion whites minced; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter | INSTRUCTIONS: In a kettle of boiling salted water cook asparagus until crisp-tender, about 5 minutes. Remove asparagus with tongs and immediately plunge into a bowl of ice and cold water. In water in kettle cook whole scallions until crisp-tender, about 4 minutes. Remove scallions with tongs and immediately plunge into bowl of ice and cold water. Drain asparagus and scallions on paper towels. Asparagus and scallions may be prepared up to this point 1 day in advance and kept covered and chilled. In a large non-stick skillet sauté minced scallion in butter over moderately high heat until softened, about 2 min <END>
INPUT: Asian, shiitakes, porcini mushrooms, hot water, shrimp, pork, halibut fillet
OUTPUT: TITLE: Braised Shiitakes with Shrimp Stuffing | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup dried porcini mushrooms (1/2 oz); 1 1/4 cups hot water; 5 oz shrimp, shelled, deveined, and finely chopped; 5 oz ground pork; 4 oz halibut fillet, skinned, and fish finely chopped; 1/2 cup thinly sliced scallions; 1/4 cup finely chopped rinsed canned water chestnuts; 1 tablespoon cornstarch, plus 1 teaspoon for dusting shiitake caps; 1 teaspoon minced peeled fresh ginger; 1 1/2 tablespoons Chinese rice wine or medium-dry Sherry; 1 1/2 tablespoons Asian sesame oil; 16 (1 1/2-inch-wide) fresh shiitake mushrooms, stems discarded; Reserved porcini liquid; 1 tablespoon oyster sauce; 1 tablespoon soy sauce | INSTRUCTIONS: Soak porcini in hot water in a glass measure until softened, about 30 minutes. Pour liquid through a paper towel–lined sieve into a small bowl to remove grit. Discard solids. Soak porcini in hot water in a glass measure until softened, about 30 minutes. Pour liquid through a paper towel–lined sieve into a small bowl to remove grit. Discard solids. Make stuffing and fill caps: Put stuffing ingredients in a bowl and stir together in one direction with your hand until well blended. Arrange shiitake caps, smooth sides down and close together, on a work surface. Put 1 teaspoon cornstarch in a fine  <END>
INPUT: American, refrigerator, heavy cream half, eggs, pinches kosher salt, nutmeg, pie crust
OUTPUT: TITLE: Refrigerator Pie | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup heavy cream or half-and-half; 2 eggs; 2 pinches kosher salt; Freshly grated nutmeg; 1 frozen 9-inch pie crust; Cooked spinach, cheddar cheese, cubed cooked ham; Bacon, Sauteed leeks, and Gruyere cheese; Cooked spinach, canned artichoke hearts, and Parmesan cheese; Roasted chicken, goat cheese, and sun-dried tomatoes; Blanched asparagus and smoked salmon; Port Salut and Spam | INSTRUCTIONS: In a nonreactive, stainless steel bowl, combine the cream or half-and-half and the eggs. Whisk until combined thoroughly. Add the salt and the nutmeg. Whisk to combine. Refrigerator Pie Rules: Heat oven to 350 degrees F. Evenly distribute the pie fillings in the pie crust. Do not overfill the crust with the filling ingredients. Do not pour too much royale into the crust. The eggs will expand upon cooking. Bake the pie until it is firm to the touch like set Jell-O, about 45 minutes. Cool the pie for at least 15 minutes before slicing. <END>
INPUT: French, veal loin chops, tarragon, All purpose flour, unsalted butter, wine
OUTPUT: TITLE: Veal Chops with Tarragon | CUISINE: French | INGREDIENTS: 2 1/2-inch-thick veal loin chops (7 to 8 ounces each); 2 teaspoons dried tarragon; All purpose flour; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1/2 cup dry white wine; 1/2 cup canned chicken broth; 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice | INSTRUCTIONS: Season veal with salt, pepper and 1 teaspoon tarragon; dust lightly with flour. Melt butter in heavy medium skillet over medium-high heat. Add veal and cook until light brown and just cooked through, about 4 minutes per side. Transfer veal to plate. Add wine, broth, lemon juice and remaining 1 teaspoon tarragon to skillet. Boil until juices are syrupy, scraping up any brown bits, about 5 minutes. Return veal and any collected juices to skillet and cook until just heated through, about 1 minute. Season veal with salt, pepper and 1 teaspoon tarragon; dust lightly with flour. Melt butter in heavy <END>
INPUT: Italian, firmly basil leaves, firmly spinach leaves, firmly flat leaf, virgin olive oil, grapeseed oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Basil Oil | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup firmly packed fresh basil leaves; 1/2 firmly packed spinach leaves; 1/4 cup firmly packed fresh flat-leaf parsley leaves; 1/4 extra virgin olive oil; 1 cup grapeseed oil | INSTRUCTIONS: To make an oil with the brightest green result, blanch the basil, spinach, and parsley in boiling salted water for 45 seconds, then drain, immediately shock in ice water (this sets the color), and drain again. Squeeze to extract any excess water, then chop the greens coarsely. If you are adhering to a strict raw diet, omit this step and simply chop the raw greens coarsely. In a high-speed blender, combine the chopped greens and olive and canola oils and process for 3 to 4 minutes, or until the mixture is bright green. Pour into a container with a tight-fitting lid, cover, and refrigerate for 1 <END>
INPUT: Indian, spiced, olive oil, onions, bell pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Toasted Coriander Spiced Red Snapper | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon olive oil; 3/4 cup diced onions; 1 green bell pepper, diced; 1 red bell pepper, diced; 1 yellow bell pepper, diced; 2 cloves garlic, minced; 1/2 cup chopped fresh tomatoes; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 teaspoon minced fresh oregano; 3 tablespoons whole butter, diced; 1/4 cup chopped fresh cilantro; 1/4 cup coriander seeds; 1 green plantain; 2 (8 to 10 ounce) red snapper fillets; 2 tablespoons olive oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat oil in a saute pan over medium heat. Add onion and saute for one minute. Reserve half of the green, red, and yellow peppers for garnish, and add the remaining ingredients to the onions. Cook for 15 minutes. Remove from heat and puree in a blender or food processor. Sauce can be cooled and used as needed. Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Add the coriander to a dry saute pan over medium high heat. Keep the coriander moving in the pan or the product will burn. Toss for several minutes until a nutty smell comes from the pan. Immediately remove for the heat and allow to cool for a few minutes. P <END>
INPUT: build, paper muffin, your favorite peanut, powdered sugar, grey salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Build Me Up, Peanut Butter Cup | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 12 paper muffin cups; 1 (9.7-ounce) bar bittersweet chocolate, chopped (recommended: Scharffen Berger); 1 cup your favorite peanut butter; 1/2 cup powdered sugar; Pinch grey salt; 12 to 15 dried banana chips | INSTRUCTIONS: Cut the top half off of the muffin cups so that they are shallower. Reserve 1/4 cup of the chopped chocolate. Pour the rest into a glass bowl and melt in the microwave at 50 percent power for 1 minute. Stir gently, and let sit for a minute or so. If the chocolate needs more melting, microwave again at half power for 30 seconds. Stir gently. Continue the process, stirring gently as you go. But be very careful not to overcook the chocolate. Temper the melted chocolate by stirring in the reserved 1/4 cup of chopped chocolate as it cools. This will 're-emulsify' the chocolate and enable it to hard <END>
INPUT: gumbo, duck, salt, pepper, vegetable oil, all purpose flour
OUTPUT: TITLE: Duck and Wild Mushroom Gumbo | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 4- to 5-pound duck, thawed if frozen, excess fat removed, backbone removed, duck quartered; 3 teaspoons salt; 1/2 teaspoon ground black pepper; 1/4 cup vegetable oil; 1 cup all purpose flour; 1 1/2 pounds assorted wild mushrooms (such as chanterelle, oyster, and stemmed shiitake), cut into1-inch pieces; 1 1/2 cups chopped onion; 3/4 cup finely chopped celery; 3/4 cup finely chopped red bell pepper; 7 garlic cloves, minced; 1 12-ounce bottle stout; 6 cups low-salt chicken broth; 4 teaspoons Emeril's Original Essence*; 2 bay leaves; 1 teaspoon dried thyme | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat heavy large pot over medium-high heat until hot, about 3 minutes. Sprinkle duck with 1 teaspoon salt and 1/2 teaspoon pepper. Add to pot, skin side down, and sear until golden brown, about 8 minutes per side. Using tongs, transfer duck to plate. Add vegetable oil, then flour to drippings in pot; stir with wooden spoon to blend well. Reduce heat to medium and stir constantly until roux is chocolate-brown color, about 25 minutes. (If roux is still light brown after 20 minutes, increase heat to medium-high for final 5 minutes.) Add mushrooms, onion, celery, bell pepper, and garlic to roux an <END>
INPUT: roast, greek, leg lamb, lemons, Salt pepper, garlic, oregano
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roast Leg of Lamb, Greek Style | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: One 8- to 10-pound leg of lamb, bone-in, trimmed; 2 lemons, cut in half; Salt and pepper; 4 cloves garlic, sliced lengthwise; Dash oregano; 8 ounces water | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees. Under running water, trim the outer layer of fat from the lamb and blot dry. Allow the lamb to reach room temperature and squeeze the juice from the lemons over the lamb. Slice cloves of garlic, lengthwise. Put salt and pepper into a small container. Cut 6 small slots into each side of the leg of lamb, about 1-inch deep. Insert garlic slivers, followed by salt and pepper, into the lamb. Lightly sprinkle top of lamb with oregano. Pour the water into a roasting pan, add lamb, and cover with foil. Roast on lowest rack of oven for 40 minutes to 1 hour. Remove foil, <END>
INPUT: cookies, all purpose flour, old fashioned oats, cinnamon, baking powder, baking soda
OUTPUT: TITLE: Apple-Oat Cookies | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 1/4 cups all-purpose flour; 1 cup old-fashioned oats; 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 3/4 teaspoon baking powder; 1/2 teaspoon baking soda; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/4 teaspoon ground allspice; 1 1/2 sticks unsalted butter, melted and cooled slightly; 1/2 cup packed light brown sugar; 1/2 cup granulated sugar; 2 large eggs; 1 Fuji or Gala apple, coarsely grated; 2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract; 1 cup confectioners' sugar; 2 tablespoons milk | INSTRUCTIONS: Position racks in the upper and lower thirds of the oven; preheat to 350 degrees F. Line 2 baking sheets with parchment paper. Whisk the flour, oats, cinnamon, baking powder, baking soda, salt and allspice in a medium bowl. Combine the butter, brown sugar, granulated sugar and eggs in a separate bowl; whisk until smooth. Stir in the grated apple and vanilla, then stir in the flour mixture until just combined. Scoop heaping tablespoonfuls of the dough onto the prepared baking sheets, about 1 inch apart. Bake until just set around the edges, 10 to 12 minutes, switching the baking sheets halfway  <END>
INPUT: American, slabs BBQ beef, kosher salt, light sugar, paprika, ancho chile powder
OUTPUT: TITLE: BBQ Beef Ribs | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 slabs BBQ beef ribs; 2 tablespoons kosher salt; 1 1/2 tablespoons light brown sugar; 1 tablespoon paprika; 1 tablespoon ancho chile powder; 1 tablespoon ground cumin; 2 teaspoons freshly ground black pepper; 1/2 cup pure maple syrup; 1/4 cup apple juice; 3 tablespoons light brown sugar; 3 tablespoons apple cider vinegar; 3 tablespoons Dijon mustard; 1 teaspoon ancho chile powder; Pinch of cayenne; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Prepare the grill for indirect heat using hickory and charcoal and heat to 250 degrees F. Place the ribs on a clean cutting board and pull off the membrane, the thin fatty skin that lines the underside of the ribs. Trim the ribs of excess fat and meat. For the rub: Whisk together 2 tablespoons salt, brown sugar, paprika, chile powder, cumin and pepper. Rub the beef ribs with the seasoning and place on a sheet tray, cover with plastic wrap, and if time, let marinate in the refrigerator for 8 hours or overnight. For the glaze: Add the maple syrup, apple juice, brow <END>
INPUT: roll, butter, New England style, lobster knuckles claw, lemon juice, mayonnaise
OUTPUT: TITLE: Maine Lobster Roll with Claw and Knuckle Meat | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 tablespoons butter; 6 New England-style hot dog buns; 27 ounces lobster knuckles and claw meat; 2 ounces lemon juice; 1 cup mayonnaise; 1 teaspoon salt; 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 6 leaves romaine lettuce; 6 lemon wedges, for serving | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat a griddle or saute pan over high heat until it begins to smoke, and then turn the heat down to medium-high. Spread some butter on both sides of each hot dog bun. Toast the buns on the hot griddle until golden brown on both sides, about 1 minute per side depending on the temperature of the griddle. Once toasted, remove from the heat and separate the two sides of the buns and hold for plating. In a bowl, combine the lobster, lemon juice, mayonnaise, salt and pepper, and gently mix to coat the lobster but not break up the meat. To plate the lobster roll, place one piece of the hotdog bun on  <END>
INPUT: American, vinaigrette, virgin olive oil, onion, bacon, balsamic vinegar, romaine lettuce
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Romaine With Blue Cheese-Bacon Vinaigrette | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 4 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 3/4 cup finely diced red onion; 1/2 pound bacon, 1/4 inch diced; 1/2 cup balsamic vinegar; 3 heads romaine lettuce, cut in half lengthwise; 1/2 cup crumbled blue cheese; Freshly cracked black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat a grill or indoor grill pan to high. Heat 1 tablespoon olive oil in a large skillet over high heat. Add the onion and bacon and cook until the bacon is crispy. Remove the onion and bacon from the pan. Add the balsamic vinegar and 1 tablespoon olive oil to the skillet and reduce for 2 to 3 minutes. Remove from the heat and set aside. Brush the romaine with the remaining 2 tablespoons olive oil. Place on the grill cut-side down and quickly sear until grill marks are visible. Set aside. For each serving, place a half head of romaine cut-side up on a plate and drizzle the balsamic dressing <END>
INPUT: cherry, sandwiches, bleached all purpose, baking soda, fine salt, light dark sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cherry Almond White Chocolate Sandwiches | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups plus 2 tablespoons bleached all purpose flour; 1/2 teaspoon baking soda; 1/2 teaspoon fine salt; 1 1/2 sticks (6 ounces) unsalted butter, melted and cooled slightly; 1 cup packed light or dark brown sugar; 1/2 cup granulated sugar; 2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract; 1 large egg; 1 large egg yolk; 1/2 cup dried sour cherries, roughly chopped; 1/2 cup white chocolate chunks or chips; 3/4 cup almond butter; 1/4 cup confectioners' sugar; 1/4 cup unsalted butter, softened; 1/8 teaspoon fine salt | INSTRUCTIONS: For the cookies: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F, with racks in the upper and lower thirds of the oven. Line two rimmed baking sheets with parchment paper and set aside. Mix the flour, baking soda and salt in a small bowl until combined. In the bowl of a stand mixer, beat the butter and both sugars on medium speed until smooth and incorporated. Add the vanilla, egg and egg yolk and mix until incorporated. Then add the flour mixture, sour cherries and white chocolate. Mix until incorporated. Scoop a level tablespoon of dough, roll in a ball and, using fingertips, pull apart into two equal pie <END>
INPUT: spiced, sorbet, water, sugar, clover honey, orange peel, ginger
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spiced Fresh Orange and Honey Sorbet | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 cups water; 1 cup sugar; 1/2 cup clover honey; 2 tablespoons finely grated orange peel; 1 tablespoon chopped peeled fresh ginger; 2 whole star anise or cardamom pods; 2 whole cloves; 1 small bay leaf, preferably fresh; 2 cups chilled fresh orange juice; 3 tablespoons fresh lemon juice | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine first 8 ingredients in heavy large saucepan. Bring to boil over medium-high heat, stirring until sugar dissolves. Boil until syrup is thick and mixture is reduced to 2 cups, about 12 minutes. Discard bay leaf; cool syrup. Strain syrup into medium bowl. Add orange juice and lemon juice. Transfer to ice cream maker and process according to manufacturer's instructions. Transfer sorbet to container, cover, and freeze until firm, at least 6 hours and up to 3 days. Combine first 8 ingredients in heavy large saucepan. Bring to boil over medium-high heat, stirring until sugar dissolves. Boil u <END>
INPUT: crisp, canapes, russet, vegetable oil deep, sour cream, beluga sevruga caviar, chives
OUTPUT: TITLE: Crisp Potato Canapes with Caviar | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 large russet (baking) potatoes (each about 10 ounces); vegetable oil for deep-frying; 2 tablespoons sour cream; 1 ounce beluga or sevruga caviar; Garnish: fresh chives, cut into 1/2-inch-long pieces | INSTRUCTIONS: In a 2-quart saucepan bring 1 quart salted water to a boil. Cut potatoes crosswise into 1-inch-thick slices. Put slices flat on a cutting board and cut each slice into the largest possible rectangle, discarding excess. Halve each rectangle crosswise to form 2 cubes, each about 1 inch in size. Simmer potatoes 5 minutes, or until just tender, and drain. Pat potatoes dry thoroughly. With a small melon-ball cutter or knife, scoop out an indentation about 1/3 inch deep in 1 side of each potato cube. Potatoes may be prepared up to this point 1 day ahead and chilled in an airtight container. In a hea <END>
INPUT: spinach, egg yolks, ricotta cheese, bread crumbs, Italian genoa salami
OUTPUT: TITLE: Stuffed and Roasted Rack of Veal | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup cooked spinach, chopped; 3 egg yolks; 1/2 cup ricotta cheese; 1/2 cup bread crumbs; 1/4 pound Italian genoa salami, chopped; 3 cloves garlic, chopped; 1 teaspoon salt; 1 teaspoon ground black pepper; 1 (6 bone) rack of veal or other veal roast; 1/4 cup olive oil; 1 tablespoon salt; 1 tablespoon ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat an oven to 425 degrees. In a bowl combine the spinach with the egg yolks, ricotta, bread crumbs, salami, garlic, 1 teaspoon salt and pepper. Mix well and as smooth as possible. Set aside. Make a pocket in the rack into which the stuffing will go by using a very sharp knife to make an incision in the center of the eye of the rack. Push the knife tip in and insert the knife the entire length of the rack but do not let it come out the other side. Remove the knife and insert the handle of a wooden spoon. Work the spoon handle back and fourth to create a pocket or gap that runs from one end <END>
INPUT: low salt chicken, peppercorns, brandy, lemon juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: New Potatoes with Black Peppercorn Butter | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 14 1/2-ounce can low-salt chicken broth; 2 tablespoons whole black peppercorns; 1/4 cup brandy; 1/2 cup (1 stick) butter, room temperature; 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 1 tablespoon chopped shallot; 1 teaspoon chopped fresh thyme; 2 pounds small red-skinned new potatoes; 2 green onions, thinly sliced | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine broth and peppercorns in small saucepan. Cover and simmer 30 minutes. Uncover and simmer until mixture is reduced to 1/4 cup, about 15 minutes. Add brandy; simmer until mixture is reduced to 3 tablespoons, about 10 minutes. Cool. Blend peppercorn mixture, butter, lemon juice, shallot and thyme in processor until peppercorns are finely chopped. (Can be made 2 days ahead. Chill. Use at room temperature.) Cook potatoes in pot of boiling salted water until tender, about 25 minutes. Drain. Quarter potatoes. Place in large bowl. Add onions and 1/4 cup peppercorn butter (reserve remaining pep <END>
INPUT: Italian, croutons, vine ripened tomatoes, bell pepper, onion, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Shrimp Gazpacho with Basil Croutons | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 2 pounds vine-ripened large tomatoes (about 5), chopped; 1 red bell pepper, chopped (about 1 cup); 1/2 cup peeled, seeded, and finely chopped cucumber; 1/4 cup finely chopped red onion; 2 garlic cloves, minced and mashed to a paste with 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/2 teaspoon ground cumin; 1 fresh jalapeño chili, chopped fine (wear rubber gloves); 1/2 pound vine-ripened cherry tomatoes, quartered; 2 tablespoons red-wine vinegar, or to taste; 1/2 pound small to medium shrimp, shelled and, if desired, deveined; 1/4 to 1/2 cup ice water for thinning gazpacho; 3/4 cup packed fresh basil leaves, washed well and spun dry; 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 4 slices firm white sandwich bread, cut into 1/2-inch cubes (about 3 cups); Garnish if desired: finely diced cucumber and red bell pepper and chopped fresh basil leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: In a blender or food processor purée half of large tomatoes, 1/2 cup bell pepper, 1/4 cup cucumber, 2 tablespoons onion, garlic paste, cumin, and jalapeño. Transfer purée to a bowl and stir in cherry tomatoes with remaining chopped large tomatoes, bell pepper, cucumber, and onion. Stir in vinegar and salt and pepper to taste. (Chill gazpacho, covered, at least 3 hours and up to 1 day.) In a saucepan of generously salted boiling water boil shrimp 30 seconds, or until just cooked through. Transfer shrimp with a slotted spoon to a bowl and cool. (Shrimp may be cooked 1 day ahead and chilled, cove <END>
INPUT: Mexican, chili, maple cured bacon, garlic, smoked paprika, cumin, sea salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Red-Hot Chili | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 6 slices maple-cured bacon; 4 cloves garlic, smashed; 1 teaspoon smoked paprika; 1/2 teaspoon ground cumin; 1/2 teaspoon sea salt; 2 red onions, diced; 1 reconstituted chipotle pepper, diced; 1 jalapeno pepper, minced; 1 poblano pepper, diced; Two 28-ounce cans whole San Marzano tomatoes, crushed with your hands; 3 tablespoons espresso (1 shot); 1 tablespoon pure maple syrup; 1/2 teaspoon dried Greek oregano; Freshly cracked pepper; 2 cups cooked black beans, drained | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large saucepan over medium heat, render the bacon until golden and crisp. Place on a wire rack to drain the excess grease. Crumble the bacon and set aside. Return the saucepan to medium heat and fry the garlic in the bacon fat until golden, 1 to 2 minutes. Add the smoked paprika, cumin, sea salt, onions, chipotles, jalapenos and poblanos. Saute for 8 minutes. Stir in the tomatoes. Add the espresso, maple syrup, oregano and lots of pepper. Bring the chili to a simmer. Turn down the heat to medium-low and cook for 45 minutes, partially covered. Add the beans and cilantro and cook for 5 more <END>
INPUT: American, caramel, mincemeat, all purpose flour, sugar, salt, unsalted butter, lard
OUTPUT: TITLE: Caramel-Pumpkin Pie with Mincemeat Ice Cream | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/3cups all purpose flour; 1 tablespoon sugar; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 3 tablespoons chilled unsalted butter, cut into 1/2-inch cubes; 3 tablespoons chilled lard, cut into 1/2-inch cubes; 2 tablespoons (or more) ice water; 2/3 cup sugar; 2 tablespoons water; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 3/4 cup half and half; 2/3 cup whipping cream; 2 large eggs; 1 large egg yolk; 1 cup canned pure pumpkin; 2 teaspoons ground cinnamon | INSTRUCTIONS: For crust: Mix flour, sugar, and salt in processor. Add butter and lard; using on/off turns, process until coarse meal forms. Add 2 tablespoons ice water and process until moist clumps form, adding more ice water by teaspoonfuls if mixture is dry. Form dough into disk. Wrap in plastic and refrigerate 1 hour. Roll out dough on floured surface to 12-inch round. Transfer to 9-inch-diameter pie dish. Fold overhang under; crimp edges decoratively. Chill 1 hour. Preheat oven to 375°F. Bake crust until edges begin to brown, pressing crust with back of fork if bubbles form, about 15 minutes. Cool slig <END>
INPUT: Asian, finger, sanwiches, wasabi paste, cream cheese, party pumpernickel bread, Hass avocado, lemon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Smoked Salmon with Avocado and Wasabi Cream Cheese Finger Sanwiches | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons wasabi paste, or to taste; 1/3 cup cream cheese, at room temperature; 24 party pumpernickel bread slices; 1 ripe Hass avocado; 1/2 lemon; 16 ounces smoked salmon, thinly sliced | INSTRUCTIONS: Mix the wasabi with the cream cheese in a small bowl. Spread the bread slices with a thin, even layer of the mixture. Cut the avocado in half lengthwise and twist the 2 halves apart and remove the pit. Use a spoon to remove the avocado flesh in 1 piece. Slice each avocado half in 1/8-inch slices. Place the avocado slices in a bowl and squeeze juice from 1/2 lemon over avocado slices and toss gently. Cover each bread slice with a single layer of avocado slices. Top with a piece of salmon. Serve as soon as possible. <END>
INPUT: American, wrapped, kosher salt, pepper, virgin olive oil, thyme leaves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Bacon-Wrapped Quail Stuffed with Goat Cheese | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 16 (4-ounce) quail, rinsed and patted dry; 1 1/2 teaspoons kosher salt; 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 1/2 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 1/4 cup fresh thyme leaves; 8 cloves garlic, peeled and halved; 16 ounces soft fresh goat cheese; 16 sprigs fresh rosemary; 16 strips thick-cut bacon | INSTRUCTIONS: Season each quail inside and out with salt and pepper. Transfer to 1 to 2 large bowls, add oil, thyme, and garlic, and toss to combine. Refrigerate, covered, at least 1 hour and up to 48 hours. Preheat oven to 500°F. Remove 1 quail from marinade. Stuff cavity with 1 ounce goat cheese and 1 sprig rosemary and tie legs together loosely with kitchen string. Wrap 1 strip bacon around breast and transfer quail, breast side up, to rimmed baking sheet. Repeat with remaining quail, using 2 to 3 baking sheets. Roast until just cooked through (cut into inner thigh; meat will still be slightly pink), abo <END>
INPUT: salad, onions, onion, wine vinegar, Dijon style mustard, peppercorns, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Watercress and Tangerine Salad with Red Onions and Black Pepper Vinaigrette | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 medium red onion, thinly sliced; 3 tablespoons white wine vinegar; 1 tablespoon Dijon style mustard; 2 teaspoons cracked black peppercorns; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/4 teaspoon cayenne pepper; Scant 1/2 cup extra virgin olive oil; 2 tangerines, peel and pith removed and cut into segments; 2 bunches watercress, coarse stems removed, washed and dried | INSTRUCTIONS: In a bowl, combine the sliced onion with ice water to cover and let soak for 30 to 45 minutes. Meanwhile, make the vinaigrette. In a glass bowl, whisk together the vinegar, mustard, pepper, salt, and cayenne until thoroughly blended. Drizzle the olive oil over in a thin stream, whisking constantly until all the oil is incorporated. Drain the soaking onions, pat them dry with paper towels, and separate into rings. In a large bowl, toss the tangerines and the watercress together gently. Drizzle over enough vinaigrette just to coat and toss again. Mound some salad onto the plate and scatter a few <END>
INPUT: caesar, pasteurized egg product, garlic, anchovy paste, Dijon mustard, Worcestershire sauce
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Chicken Caesar | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup pasteurized egg product; 1 clove of garlic, minced (about 1/2 teaspoon); 1 1/2 teaspoons anchovy paste; 1/2 teaspoon Dijon mustard; 1/4 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce; 2 tablespoons lemon juice; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1/4 cup finely grated Parmesan; Salt; Freshly ground black pepper; 6 cups coarsely torn romaine lettuce; 2 cups of baby spinach leaves; 2 cups of whole-grain croutons; 4 grilled chicken breast halves (about 4 ounces each), sliced | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. In a small bowl, whisk together the egg product, garlic, anchovy paste, mustard, Worcestershire sauce and lemon juice. Slowly add the olive oil in a steady stream, whisking the whole time. Stir in the Parmesan and season with salt and pepper. In a large bowl, toss the dressing with the lettuce and spinach until well coated. Add the croutons and toss to combine. Divide the salad onto 4 plates and top each plate with grilled chicken slices. <END>
INPUT: puddings, caramel, water, salt, arborio rice grain, milk, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Rice Puddings with Caramel Gala Apples | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 cups water; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 1/2 cup arborio rice or medium-grain white rice; 4 cups whole milk; 1/3 cup sugar; 2 teaspoons vanilla extract; 2 medium Gala or Fuji apples (13 to 14 ounces total); 1/4 cup sugar; 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice; 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, room temperature; 1/2 cup apple cider; Pinch of salt; 1/2 cup heavy whipping cream; Whipped cream (for topping; optional) | INSTRUCTIONS: For puddings: Bring 3 cups water and 1/4 teaspoon salt to boil in heavy large saucepan. Add rice and boil 10 minutes. Drain rice; discard cooking water. Rinse saucepan. Combine milk and sugar in same saucepan; bring to boil over medium-high heat, stirring until sugar dissolves. Add rice; reduce heat to medium and simmer until rice is very tender, most of milk is absorbed, and pudding is thickened but still creamy and reduced to scant 3 cups, stirring occasionally, about 35 minutes. Remove from heat. Stir in vanilla extract. Transfer rice pudding to medium bowl. Press plastic wrap onto surface  <END>
INPUT: Indian, roast, chutney, olive oil, onions, balsamic vinegar, Sherry wine vinegar, Granny Smith apples
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roast Loin of Pork with Apple-Onion Chutney | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup olive oil; 4 medium onions, thinly sliced; 1/3 cup balsamic vinegar; 1/3 cup Sherry wine vinegar; 2 small Granny Smith apples, peeled, cored, cut into 1/2-inch pieces; 2 tablespoons yellow mustard seeds; 1 tablespoon sugar; 1/2 teaspoon ground ginger; 1/2 teaspoon ground allspice; 1 4- to 4 1/3-pound center-cut pork loin; 2 tablespoons (1/4 stick) butter; 1 tablespoon olive oil; 1 1/4 cups canned low-salt chicken broth | INSTRUCTIONS: Make chutney: Heat oil in heavy large skillet over medium-high heat. Add onions and sauté until golden, about 30 minutes. Stir in both vinegars. Add apples, mustard seeds, sugar, ginger and allspice. Reduce heat to medium and sauté until apples are tender, about 15 minutes. Heat oil in heavy large skillet over medium-high heat. Add onions and sauté until golden, about 30 minutes. Stir in both vinegars. Add apples, mustard seeds, sugar, ginger and allspice. Reduce heat to medium and sauté until apples are tender, about 15 minutes. Meanwhile, prepare pork: Preheat oven to 375°F. Sprinkle pork wi <END>
INPUT: candy, powdered sugar, nonfat milk, kosher salt, granulated sugar, light corn syrup
OUTPUT: TITLE: Candy Corn | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 1/2 ounces powdered sugar, approximately 1 1/4 cups; 1/2-ounce nonfat dry milk, approximately 6 1/2 teaspoons; 1/4 teaspoon kosher salt; 3 1/2 ounces granulated sugar, approximately 1/2 cup; 3 3/4 ounces light corn syrup, approximately 1/3 cup; 2 1/2 tablespoons water; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, room temperature; 1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract; 2 to 3 drops yellow and orange gel paste food coloring | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Combine the powdered sugar, dry milk and salt in the bowl of a food processor. Pulse 4 to 5 times until the mixture is smooth and well combined. Set aside. Combine the sugar, corn syrup and water in a 2-quart pot. Put over medium heat, cover and cook for 4 minutes. Add the butter, clip on a candy thermometer, and bring the mixture to 230 degrees F, about 1 to 2 minutes. When the sugar syrup reaches 230 degrees F, take the pot off the heat and remove the thermometer. Add the vanilla and the dry mixture, stirring continuously with a silicone spatula until well comb <END>
INPUT: salad, garlic, lemon, Italian wine vinegar, kosher salt, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Fennel and Asparagus Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 clove garlic, smashed to a paste with a pinch of salt; 1 lemon, juice and zest; 1/4 cup Italian white wine vinegar; 1 teaspoon kosher salt; 1 1/2 teaspoons freshly ground black pepper; 1/2 teaspoon red pepper flakes; 1/2 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 2 bunches jumbo asparagus, trimmed; 1 large bulb fennel, trimmed, halved; Canola oil, for oiling grill; 1 tablespoon olive oil; 1/4 cup pine nuts; 1/2 cup golden currants; 1/2 cup oil-cured olives, pitted, crushed; 3 cups baby arugula | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat a grill to medium-high. For the vinaigrette: In a medium mixing bowl, whisk together the garlic paste, lemon juice and zest, vinegar, salt, pepper and chili flakes. Gradually whisk in the olive oil. Cover and set aside. For the salad: Add the asparagus and fennel to the vinaigrette and toss to coat well. Brush the grill with some canola oil. Place the vegetables on the grill and cook until just caramelized and charred on all sides, about 4 minutes. Set aside to cool briefly. Heat a small saute pan over medium-high heat. Add the olive oil and the pine nuts; toast until just golden brown <END>
INPUT: Asian, dough, granulated sugar, shortening, egg, molasses, vinegar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Ginger Dough | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cups granulated sugar; 1 1/2 cups shortening; 1 egg; 12 ounces molasses; 1 1/2 tablespoons white vinegar; 6 1/2 cups all purpose flour; 2 1/4 teaspoons baking soda; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 3 tablespoons ground ginger; 3 to 4 teaspoons ground cloves | INSTRUCTIONS: Cream sugar and shortening. Add egg and beat. Beat in molasses and vinegar. Sift together baking soda, salt, ginger, cloves, cinnamon. Add to mix and cream. Add flour all at once and stir just until flour is blended. Refrigerate until ready to use. This dough must be used CHILLED. <END>
INPUT: cake, glaze, vine tomatoes, light sugar, butter, eggs
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tomato Cake with Tomato Glaze | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Nonstick cooking spray, for spraying loaf pan; 1 pound vine tomatoes (about 3); 1 cup light brown sugar; 6 tablespoons butter, at room temperature; 2 eggs; 2 cups all-purpose flour; 1 teaspoon baking soda; 1 teaspoon cinnamon; 1 teaspoon salt; 1 cup confectioners' sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Spray a loaf pan with nonstick cooking spray. Puree the tomatoes in a blender and measure out 2 cups for the cake. Reserve any remaining juice for the glaze. In the bowl of a stand mixer, cream the brown sugar and butter together until light and fluffy. Beat in the eggs one at a time, and then mix in the 2 cups tomato puree. Sift together the flour, baking soda, cinnamon and salt in a bowl. Add the dry ingredients to the tomato-butter mixture and mix to combine. Pour the batter into the prepared pan and bake until a toothpick inserted in the center comes out  <END>
INPUT: hungarian, pork tenderloin, sweet paprika, Kosher salt, virgin olive oil, skinned potatoes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Hungarian Pork and Potatoes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 large pork tenderloin (about 1 1/4 pounds); 1 tablespoon sweet paprika, plus more for topping; Kosher salt; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1 pound small red-skinned potatoes, chopped; 1/2 head green cabbage, shredded; 1 onion, sliced; 1 cup low-sodium chicken broth; 1 tablespoon packed light brown sugar; 2 tablespoons apple cider vinegar; 3 tablespoons chopped fresh herbs (such as dill and/or parsley); 1/3 cup low-fat sour cream | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Rub the pork all over with 2 teaspoons paprika and 1/2 teaspoon salt. Heat 1 tablespoon olive oil in a large Dutch oven or pot over medium-high heat. Add the pork and cook, turning until browned, 3 minutes. Remove to a rimmed baking sheet. Roast until a thermometer inserted into the center reaches 145 degrees F, about 18 minutes. Let rest 5 minutes. Meanwhile, wipe the pot clean and heat the remaining 1 tablespoon olive oil over medium-high heat. Add the potatoes and cook, stirring occasionally, until lightly browned, 4 minutes. Stir in the cabbage, onion, th <END>
INPUT: Indian, monkfish, curried, cauliflower florets, whipping cream, garlic, nutmeg
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Monkfish with Curried Lentils and Browned Butter Cauliflower | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 4 1/2 cups small cauliflower florets (from about one 22-ounce head); 1 cup whipping cream; 4 garlic cloves, chopped; 1/8 teaspoon ground nutmeg; 3 tablespoons (or more) water; 1 tablespoon olive oil; 1/2 cup finely chopped onion; 1/2 cup finely chopped peeled carrots; 1/2 cup finely chopped celery; 1 cup French green lentils (lentilles de Puy)*; 3/4 teaspoon curry powder; 3/4teaspoon paprika; 2 3/4 cups water, divided; 2 tablespoons (1/4 stick) butter; 4 1/2 cups small cauliflower florets (from about one 22-ounce head) | INSTRUCTIONS: For sauce: Bring first 4 ingredients to boil in medium saucepan. Reduce heat, cover, and simmer until cauliflower is very tender, about 17 minutes. Cool slightly. Transfer mixture to blender; add 3 tablespoons water and puree until smooth. Season with salt and pepper. (Can be made 1 day ahead. Cover; chill. Rewarm over medium heat, stirring, and adding more water to thin sauce, if desired.) Bring first 4 ingredients to boil in medium saucepan. Reduce heat, cover, and simmer until cauliflower is very tender, about 17 minutes. Cool slightly. Transfer mixture to blender; add 3 tablespoons water a <END>
INPUT: pudding, sandwich bread, granulated sugar, cinnamon, nutmeg
OUTPUT: TITLE: Apple Cheddar Bread Pudding | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 14 slices firm white sandwich bread (about 1 pound); 1 stick (1/2 cup) unsalted butter, softened; 3/4 cup granulated sugar; 1 1/2 teaspoons cinnamon; 1/2 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg; 3 pounds Fuji apples (about 6); 1 1/2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 1/2 cup packed light brown sugar; 1/4 cup water; 1 cup coarsely grated extra-sharp Cheddar (about 4 ounces); 4 large eggs; 2 3/4 cups milk; 1/4 teaspoon salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Spread bread slices thinly on 1 side with 1/2 stick butter. In a small bowl stir together 1/4 cup granulated sugar, cinnamon, and nutmeg and sprinkle evenly over buttered sides of bread. Arrange bread, buttered sides up, on baking sheets and toast in batches in middle of oven until just golden, about 15 minutes. Cool cinnamon toast on racks and quarter each slice into triangles, reserving 24 triangles. Peel, quarter, and core apples. Cut apples lengthwise into thin slices and in a bowl toss with lemon juice. In a large heavy skillet melt remaining 1/2 stick butter  <END>
INPUT: warm, salad, fleshed potatoes Yukon, cider vinegar, grainy mustard, salt, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Warm Potato Salad with Watercress | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 lb yellow-fleshed potatoes such as Yukon Gold; 1/4 cup cider vinegar; 1 tablespoon grainy mustard; 3/4 teaspoon salt; 1/2 teaspoon black pepper; 1/4 teaspoon sugar; 1/2 cup thinly sliced shallots (2 medium); 1/2 cup olive oil; 2 bunches watercress (4 cups loosely packed), coarse stems discarded | INSTRUCTIONS: Peel potatoes and cut into 3/4-inch pieces, then cook in a 3- to 4-quart saucepan of boiling salted water , uncovered, until just tender, 10 to 15 minutes. Drain in a colander. While potatoes are cooking, whisk together vinegar, mustard, salt, pepper, and sugar in a large heatproof bowl until combined, then stir in shallots and let stand until ready to use. Toss potatoes with vinegar mixture, then add oil and watercress, tossing gently to combine. Peel potatoes and cut into 3/4-inch pieces, then cook in a 3- to 4-quart saucepan of boiling salted water , uncovered, until just tender, 10 to 15 m <END>
INPUT: Asian, roll, rice paper wrappers, lobster meat, Basil leaves, Granny Smith apples, Enoki Mushrooms
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lobster Roll with Yuzu Cashew Dipping Sauce | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1 package rice paper wrappers; Cooked lobster meat; Basil leaves; Granny Smith apples, julienned; Enoki Mushrooms; Baby cucumbers with flowers (if available); Yuzu Cashew Dipping Sauce, recipe follows; 1/4 cup sweet soy sauce; 1/4 cup teriyaki sauce (recommended: Kikkoman); 2 tablespoons yuzu; 2 tablespoons fish sauce; 2 tablespoons sesame seed oil; 2 tablespoons salad oil; 2 tablespoons rice wine vinegar; 1 teaspoon finely minced kaffir lime leaf | INSTRUCTIONS: Soak each rice paper in warm water before rolling. Cut each sheet into 4 pieces by first cutting across and then diagonal. Place a few basil leaves and some lobster meat down on 1/4 of the soaked wrapper. Next place some apple, mushrooms, and baby cucumber on top. Roll in a cone shape and store under a damp paper towel before serving with the dipping sauce. Combine all ingredients except the cilantro and cashews. Pulse with hand blender or blender. Fold in chopped cilantro and cashews. <END>
INPUT: shaved, salad, lemon juice, wine vinegar, anchovy paste, virgin olive oil, Fine sea salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Shaved Fennel and Arugula Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 1 teaspoon red wine vinegar; 1 teaspoon anchovy paste; 1/2 cup extra-virgin olive oil; Fine sea salt; 1 5-ounce package arugula; 1 fresh fennel bulb, trimmed, halved, sliced paper-thin; 1/3 cup oil-cured black olives, halved, pitted; 2 cups Parmesan cheese shavings | INSTRUCTIONS: Whisk first 3 ingredients in small bowl to blend. Gradually whisk in oil. Season dressing to taste with sea salt and pepper. Toss arugula, fennel, and olives in large bowl with dressing. Sprinkle cheese over. Whisk first 3 ingredients in small bowl to blend. Gradually whisk in oil. Season dressing to taste with sea salt and pepper. Toss arugula, fennel, and olives in large bowl with dressing. Sprinkle cheese over. <END>
INPUT: muffins, Canola oil, apple juice, cinnamon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Carrot Coconut Muffins with Honey Butter | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Canola oil cooking spray; 1 (19-ounce) box fat-free apple cinnamon muffin mix; 4 (4-ounce) jars pureed organic carrot baby food; 1/4 cup apple juice; 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1/2 teaspoon ground ginger; 1 cup sweetened shredded coconut, toasted; Honey Butter, recipe follows; 1 stick unsalted butter, softened; 2 tablespoons honey | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. Lightly spray a 12 cup (2 1/2-inch) muffin tray with canola oil cooking spray; set aside. Combine all ingredients in large mixing bowl. Stir to combine thoroughly. Spoon batter into prepared muffin cups, filling each 2/3 full. Bake in preheated oven 18 to 20 minutes or until golden brown. Serve with Honey Butter. Combine butter and honey in a mixing bowl. Blend with an electric mixer until combined and fluffy. Serve with warm muffins. <END>
INPUT: breasts, chicken breast halves, thyme, salt pepper taste, olive oil coating
OUTPUT: TITLE: Thyme Smoked Chicken Breasts | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 chicken breast halves, skin intact; 1/2 bunch fresh thyme, tough stems removed; salt and pepper to taste; olive oil for coating chicken | INSTRUCTIONS: Loosen skin on each chicken breast on one side and tuck a few sprigs of thyme underneath. Season with salt and pepper and rub chicken breasts with oil. Arrange chicken pieces on rack one inch apart, skin-side up, to allow for smoke circulation. Smoke on medium heat for 10 minutes per half pound. Remove from smoker, garnish with fresh thyme and serve. <END>
INPUT: American, pancakes, water, sugar, pure almond extract, pure vanilla extract
OUTPUT: TITLE: Almond Pancakes | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup (4 ounces) mascarpone cheese, at room temperature; 1 1/2 cups water; 1 tablespoon sugar; 2 teaspoons pure almond extract; 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract; 2 cups buttermilk pancake mix (recommend: Krusteaz); 4 ounces almond paste, cut into 1/4-inch pieces; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Serving suggestion: maple syrup and fresh raspberries In a food processor, combine the mascarpone, water, sugar, almond extract, and vanilla extract. Process until the mixture is smooth. Add the pancake mix and pulse until just combined. Add the almond paste and pulse once to incorporate. Preheat a griddle or a large, nonstick skillet over medium-low heat. Grease the griddle or skillet with 1 tablespoon of butter. Working in batches, pour 1/4 cup of batter per pancake onto the griddle and cook for about 1 1/2 minutes each side until golden. Repeat with the remain <END>
INPUT: mashed, russet potatoes, kosher salt, fluid, garlic, Parmesan
OUTPUT: TITLE: Creamy Garlic Mashed Potatoes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 1/2 pounds russet potatoes; 2 tablespoons kosher salt; 16 fluid ounces (2 cups) half-and-half; 6 cloves garlic, crushed; 6 ounces grated Parmesan | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Peel and dice potatoes, making sure all are relatively the same size. Place in a large saucepan, add the salt, and cover with water. Bring to a boil over medium-high heat and then reduce heat to maintain a rolling boil. Cook until potatoes fall apart when poked with a fork. Heat the half-and-half and the garlic in a medium saucepan over medium heat until simmering. Remove from heat and set aside. Remove the potatoes from the heat and drain off the water. Mash and add the garlic-cream mixture and Parmesan; stir to combine. Let stand for 5 minutes so that mixture t <END>
INPUT: Mexican, spiced, stew, chicken thighs, Coarse salt pepper, olive oil, carrots, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spiced Chicken Stew with Carrots | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 8 bone-in chicken thighs (about 2 1/2 pounds total); Coarse salt and freshly ground pepper; 2 tablespoons olive oil (optional); 2 pounds carrots, cut into 1 1/2-inch lengths; 1 garlic clove, thinly sliced; 1 cinnamon stick; 1/2 teaspoon ground cumin; 1/4 cup golden raisins; 1/2 cup fresh cilantro leaves; 1/4 cup sliced almonds, toasted (optional) | INSTRUCTIONS: Season chicken with salt and pepper. In a 5–to 6-quart slow cooker with a browning option, brown chicken in oil; transfer to a plate. (If your slow cooker doesn't have a browning option, just remove skin from the chicken.) Add carrots, garlic, cinnamon stick, and cumin to pot. Place chicken on top. Cover and cook on high until chicken is cooked through, 4 hours (or 8 hours on low), adding raisins 15 minutes before done. Using a slotted spoon, transfer chicken and carrots to a serving dish (remove cinnamon stick); top with cilantro and almonds. Season cooking liquid with salt and pepper. Spoon  <END>
INPUT: sinful, truffles, heavy whipping cream, bars, unsalted butter, Ghirardelli unsweetened cocoa
OUTPUT: TITLE: Ghirardelli Sinful Chocolate Truffles | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup heavy whipping cream; 2 bars (8 ounces) bittersweet chocolate baking bars, broken in 1/4-inch pieces recommended: Ghirardelli); 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, cut into small pieces; 1/3 cup Ghirardelli unsweetened cocoa | INSTRUCTIONS: In a small saucepan, bring the cream to a simmer. Remove from the heat and stir in the chocolate and butter. In a medium sized skillet, bring 1/2 inch of water to a slow simmer. Set the saucepan in the skillet over low heat. Stir mixture just until chocolate has completely melted. Remove from heat. Pour the chocolate mixture into a shallow bowl. Cool, cover and refrigerate until firm, at least 2 hours. Pour the cocoa into a pie plate. Line an airtight container with waxed paper. Dip a melon baller or small spoon into a glass of warm water and quickly scrape across the surface of the chilled tr <END>
INPUT: ragout, olive oil, onion, garlic, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Zucchini Ragout | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 ounces olive oil; 1 red onion, thinly sliced; 4 garlic cloves, thinly sliced; 1 red pepper, large diced; 1 yellow pepper, large diced; 2 large tomatoes, peeled, seeded, and diced; 4 zucchini, thinly sliced; 1/2 cup balsamic vinegar; Salt; 2 cups fresh basil leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat an 8-quart saucepan over medium heat with olive oil. Add the onion and garlic, and sweat for 2 minutes. Add the peppers and saute for 10 minutes. Add the tomatoes and zucchini, and cook down for 10 more minutes. Add the vinegar and simmer for 2 more minutes. Check seasonings and remove from heat. Add the basil and serve. <END>
INPUT: pudding, milk, sugar, quick tapioca, salt, eggs
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tapioca Pudding with Grand Marnier Cherries | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 1/2 cups milk, whole or 2 percent low-fat; 1/3 cup sugar; 3 to 4 tablespoons quick-cooking tapioca; 1/8 teaspoon salt; 2 eggs, beaten; Grand Marnier; Fresh cherries; 1 teaspoon vanilla | INSTRUCTIONS: In a heavy saucepan combine milk, sugar, tapioca and salt. Let stand for 10 minutes and then slowly bring up to a simmer over medium heat. stirring constantly. Simmer, stirring, for 2 minutes. Gradually whisk half the pudding into the beaten eggs. Thoroughly stir this mixture into the remaining pudding. Cook, stirring, over low heat just until you see the first sign of thickening. Remove from the heat at ounce and stir in the vanilla. Let cool in the saucepan for 30 minutes; it will thicken considerably. Meanwhile, pour enough Grand Marnier over cherries to cover them. Let macerate for 30 minu <END>
INPUT: strawberry, dippers, Twelve pretzel, vanilla flavored unsweetened, unsweetened cocoa powder, agave
OUTPUT: TITLE: Strawberry Hot Chocolate with Chocolate Pretzel Dippers | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup (about 6 ounces) semi-sweet chocolate chips, such as Ghirardelli; Twelve 7-inch pretzel sticks, such as Snyder's Pretzel Rods; 3 cups vanilla-flavored unsweetened almond milk, such as Almond Breeze; 1/2 cup unsweetened cocoa powder, such as Ghirardelli; 1 tablespoon agave; 12 medium (about 8 ounces) strawberries, hulled and halved or 12 whole frozen strawberries, thawed; 1 cup (about 6 ounces) semi-sweet chocolate chips, such as Ghirardelli | INSTRUCTIONS: For the pretzel dippers: Line a small baking sheet with wax or parchment paper. Place the chocolate in a small bowl, and place the bowl over a pan of barely simmering water. Stir until the chocolate has melted and the mixture is smooth. Spoon the melted chocolate over the pretzels leaving a 2-inch handle at the top. Transfer to the prepared baking sheet and refrigerate until the chocolate has set, about 30 minutes. Store in an airtight container at room temperature. For the hot chocolate: In a blender, combine the almond milk, cocoa powder, agave and strawberries. Blend until smooth. Transfer  <END>
INPUT: matchsticks, Peanut vegetable oil, rosemary, sage, thyme, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sweet Potato Matchsticks | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Peanut or vegetable oil, for deep-frying; 3 to 4 sprigs rosemary; 3 to 4 sprigs fresh sage; 6 sprigs fresh thyme; 4 to 6 cloves garlic, separated but unpeeled; 2 to 3 large sweet potatoes; Cajun Seasoning, recipe follows; 1 tablespoon onion powder; 1 tablespoon garlic powder; 1 tablespoon smoked paprika; Pinch cayenne; 1 teaspoon kosher salt; Freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Begin by putting the oil, herbs and garlic in a heavy-bottomed pot over medium heat. Bring the oil up to 365 degrees F, then remove the herbs and garlic with a slotted spoon and drain on paper towels. They should be nice and crackly at this stage. Reserve for garnish. Using a mandoline, cut the sweet potatoes into matchsticks. Put in a large bowl of ice water to remove any starch. Soak for a few minutes and rinse with fresh cold water until it runs clear. Drain the matchsticks and pat dry in a kitchen towel, to remove as much water as possible. Fry in 365 degree  <END>
INPUT: fudge, sundae, condensed milk, semi sweet chocolate, smooth peanut butter, scoops toffee caramel, scoops chocolate ice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate Peanut Butter Fudge Sundae | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2/3 cup sweetened condensed milk; 2/3 cup semi sweet chocolate chips; 1/2 cup smooth peanut butter (recommended: Skippy); 4 scoops toffee or caramel ice cream; 4 scoops chocolate ice cream; 4 scoops vanilla ice cream; 4 tablespoons or 1/4 cup salted peanuts, roughly chopped or left whole to taste; 4 chocolate cigar cookies | INSTRUCTIONS: Put all the sweetened condensed milk, chocolate chips, and peanut butter into a saucepan and put it on the heat to melt, stirring occasionally. In about 2 minutes you should have your sauce ready. When everything has melted add 3 to 4 tablespoons of boiling water to thin the sauce. Get out 4 sundae glasses and put a scoop of toffee or caramel ice cream in each, followed by 1 of the chocolate and then another of vanilla. Pour over some chocolate peanut butter fudge sauce and sprinkle with salted peanuts. Stick a chocolate cigar cookie in each sundae glass, hand them round and wait for people to <END>
INPUT: salad, onion, cider vinegar, salt, fleshed potatoes Yukon, Old Bay seasoning
OUTPUT: TITLE: Salt and Vinegar Potato Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 large red onion, cut lengthwise into 1/3-inch-wide wedges and layers separated; 1/2 cup plus 2 tablespoons cider vinegar; 2 teaspoons salt; 5 lb medium yellow-fleshed potatoes such as Yukon Gold; 2 to 2 1/2 teaspoons Old Bay seasoning; 1 1/4 teaspoons sugar; 3/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Toss together onion, 2 tablespoons vinegar, and 1/2 teaspoon salt in a bowl. Marinate at room temperature, tossing occasionally, until slightly softened and pink, about 45 minutes. Cover potatoes with salted cold water in a 5- to 6-quart pot, then simmer, uncovered, until just tender, 15 to 20 minutes. While potatoes cook, whisk together 2 teaspoons Old Bay seasoning with sugar, remaining 1 1/2 teaspoons salt, and remaining 1/2 cup vinegar in a small bowl. Drain potatoes in a colander, and when cool enough to handle but still warm, peel and cut into 1/2-inch-wide wedges. Toss warm potatoes wit <END>
INPUT: salad, champagne vinegar, shallot, Dijon mustard, virgin olive oil, canola oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Crab with Cantaloupe and Caviar – Sea Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons champagne vinegar; 1 teaspoon minced shallot; 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard; 1/4 cup extra virgin olive oil; 1/4 cup canola oil; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 pounds fresh crabmeat, cooked, shelled, and picked; 2 tablespoons mayonnaise; 1 bunch chives, chopped; Fine sea salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 Tuscan cantaloupe, peeled, seeded, and cut into chunks; 2 avocados, peeled, seeded, and sliced; 1 ounce caviar (Sturgeon royal) | INSTRUCTIONS: To make the vinaigrette, whisk together the vinegar, shallot, and mustard in a bowl. Slowly pour in the oils, whisking until emulsified. Season with salt and pepper. Squeeze any excess water out of the crabmeat. Place the crab in a mixing bowl with the mayonnaise, vinaigrette, and chives, and season with salt and pepper. Mix together well and set aside. Purée the cantaloupe in a blender. For each serving, place 2 tablespoons of the cantaloupe purée in the center of the plate. Place a ring mold on top and fill with a layer of sliced avocado and then crab. Place a dollop of caviar on top of the  <END>
INPUT: Italian, ravioli, beurre, semolina flour, all purpose flour, kosher salt, eggs, virgin olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Edamame and Crab Ravioli with Orange Beurre Blanc | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup semolina flour, plus extra for dusting; 1 cup all-purpose flour, plus extra for dusting; 1 teaspoon kosher salt; 3 large eggs; 1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil; 1 cup shelled edamame (soy beans), cooked until very tender; 1/2 container (4-ounces) soft tofu; 1 teaspoon truffle oil; 1 teaspoon orange zest; 1/4 cup mascarpone; 8 ounces fresh Dungeness crabmeat; 1 tablespoon basil chiffonade; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 cup white wine; 2 tablespoons dry sherry | INSTRUCTIONS: For the pasta dough: In a food processor, pulse the flours and salt together to blend. With the machine running, add the eggs, 1 at a time, allowing each to incorporate into the flour mixture. Once incorporated, slowly add the olive oil and continue blending until the mixture starts to form a ball. Remove the ball to a lightly floured work surface and knead it until it is smooth, about 10 minutes. Wrap the dough in plastic wrap and let it rest for 1 hour. While the dough rests, make the filling. For the filling: Put the edamame, tofu, and truffle oil into the bowl of a food processor and proce <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, skewers, relish, virgin olive oil, garlic, herbes de Provence, kosher salt, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Beef Skewers with Sun-Dried Tomato Relish | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 4 cloves garlic, minced; 3 tablespoons herbes de Provence; 2 teaspoons kosher salt, plus extra for seasoning; 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 1 (2 pound) beef tri-tip, trimmed, and cut into 3/4-inch cubes (about 48 cubes); 1/2 small red onion, finely diced, rinsed, and drained; 1/2 cup chopped oil-packed sun-dried tomatoes (about 10 to 12 tomatoes); 1 ear of corn, kernels removed, or 1/2 cup frozen and thawed corn; 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1 small avocado, peeled, pitted, and diced; 1/4 cup crumbled feta cheese; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh flat-leaf parsley; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Special equipment: 12 wooden or metal 8-inch skewers (see Cook's Note) For the beef: In a resealable plastic bag or glass bowl, combine the olive oil, garlic, herbes de Provence, salt, pepper, and beef. Refrigerate for at least 6 hours or overnight. Place a grill pan over medium-high heat or preheat a gas or charcoal grill. Remove the meat from the marinade and season with salt. Thread 4 pieces of meat onto each skewer and grill for 3 to 4 minutes on each side for medium-well. Arrange the skewers on a platter. For the relish: In a small bowl, combine the onion, s <END>
INPUT: collard greens, bacon, onion, pepper flakes, canola oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Braised Collard Greens with Bacon | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 large bunches collard greens; 4 ounces thick-cut bacon, chopped; 1 yellow onion, thinly sliced; Pinch red pepper flakes; 1 tablespoon canola oil, if needed; 6 cloves garlic, minced; 2 cups low-sodium chicken broth; 1/4 cup dry white wine; 1/4 cup freshly squeezed lemon juice; Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Cut and trim the collard greens, removing the tough stems. Roughly chop the trimmed greens into 1/2-inch ribbons. Cook the bacon in a large skillet over medium heat until crispy, 8 to 10 minutes. Transfer to a plate with a slotted spoon to leave behind all of the delicious bacon fat to cook the collard greens in. Add the onions and red pepper flakes to the same skillet. Depending on the bacon you use, you may need more fat in the pan, so add the canola oil if needed. Saute until the onions are softened, fragrant and beginning to brown, 5 to 7 minutes. Add the garlic and sweat 30 seconds. Then  <END>
INPUT: Italian, whipped, tiramisu, ladyfinger cookies, ricotta cheese, mascarpone cheese, heavy cream, cognac
OUTPUT: TITLE: Whipped-Up Chocolate Ricotta Tiramisu | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 20 ladyfinger cookies; 1 cup ricotta cheese; 1/4 cup mascarpone cheese; 3/4 cup heavy cream; 1 tablespoon cognac; 1/2 cup powdered sugar; 1/2 cup mini chocolate chips; 1 cup strong coffee, cooled; Cocoa powder, for dusting | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Cut the ladyfinger cookies in half. Reserve. In a large bowl, using a hand-mixer, combine the ricotta, mascarpone, cream, cognac and sugar until light and creamy. Fold in the mini chocolate chips. Pour the coffee into a shallow dish. Dip 2 ladyfinger halves into the coffee and arrange them on the bottom of a shallow glass serving cup. Liberally top with some of the cheese mixture. Repeat with another layer of dipped ladyfingers and cheese. Dust with cocoa powder. Repeat with the remainder of ingredients to make a total of 4 individual servings. Allow to cool befo <END>
INPUT: upside, down, peaches, unbleached all purpose
OUTPUT: TITLE: Peach and Pecan Upside-Down Cake | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup (1/2 stick) unsalted butter; 1/2 cup (packed) golden brown sugar; 40 (about) pecan halves (about 3 ounces); 2 medium peaches (about 7 ounces each), peeled, halved, pitted, each half cut into 6 wedges; 1 1/2 cups unbleached all purpose flour; 1/2 cup pecans; 1 teaspoon baking powder; 3/4 teaspoon ground nutmeg; 1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 1 cup sugar; 1/2 cup (1 stick) unsalted butter, room temperature; 2 large eggs; 2 teaspoons vanilla extract; 1/2 cup whole milk | INSTRUCTIONS: Peach and Pecan Topping: Melt butter in medium saucepan over medium heat. Add brown sugar; whisk until sugar dissolves, about 1 minute. Pour mixture into 9-inch-diameter cake pan with 2-inch-high sides; spread evenly over bottom of pan (layer will be thin). Arrange pecan halves, side by side with round sides down, in circle around outer edge of pan bottom. Arrange peach wedges, slightly overlapping, inside circle of pecans, covering pan bottom. Set aside while making cake batter. Melt butter in medium saucepan over medium heat. Add brown sugar; whisk until sugar dissolves, about 1 minute. Pour <END>
INPUT: cherry, muffins, unsalted butter, eggs, granulated sugar, sugar, sweet sour cherries
OUTPUT: TITLE: Brown Sugar-Oat Cherry Muffins | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup/115 g unsalted butter, melted and cooled to room temperature; 2 large eggs; 2/3 cup/135 g granulated sugar; 3/4 cup/165 g packed brown sugar; 1 1/2 cups/210 g frozen or fresh sweet or sour cherries, pitted and chopped; 1 1/4 cups/210 g whole-wheat flour; 2 teaspoons baking powder; 1/2 teaspoon baking soda; 1 teaspoon kosher salt; 1/4 cup/25 g rolled (not instant) oats; 3 tablespoons packed brown sugar; Pinch of ground cinnamon; 3 1/2 cups/350 g rolled (not instant) oats; 1 1/4 cups/300 ml creme fraeche; 1 cup/240 ml whole milk, at room temperature | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: 12-cup standard muffin tin, rimmed baking sheet 1. In a medium bowl, stir together the rolled oats, creme fraeche, milk, and butter with a wooden spoon until combined. In a small bowl, whisk the eggs together and stir into the oat mixture. Add the granulated sugar, brown sugar, and cherries and continue to stir until well combined. 2. In a separate small bowl, combine the whole wheat flour, baking powder, baking soda, and salt and stir until well mixed. Gently fold the dry ingredients into the wet oat mixture. The batter will be gloppy. Transfer the batter to an airtight con <END>
INPUT: parmigiana, virgin olive oil, onion, garlic, bay leaves, kalamata olives
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken Parmigiana | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil, plus 3 tablespoons; 1 medium onion, chopped; 2 garlic cloves, minced; 2 bay leaves; 1/2 cup kalamata olives, pitted; 1/2 bunch fresh basil leaves; 2 (28-ounce) cans whole peeled tomatoes, drained and hand-crushed; Pinch sugar; Pinch red pepper flakes; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 4 skinless, boneless, chicken breasts (about 1 1/2 pounds); 1/2 cup all-purpose flour; 2 large eggs, lightly beaten; 1 tablespoon water; 1 cup dried plain bread crumbs | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Coat a saute pan with olive oil and place over medium heat. When the oil gets hazy, add the onions, garlic, and bay leaves; cook and stir for 5 minutes until fragrant and soft. Add the olives and some hand-torn basil, reserve the rest of the basil for finishing the chicken. Carefully add the tomatoes (nothing splashes like tomatoes), cook and stir until the liquid is cooked down and the sauce is thick, about 15 minutes; season with sugar, red pepper flakes, salt and pepper. Lower the heat, cover, and keep warm. Get the ingredients together for the chicken so  <END>
INPUT: Indian, spiced, chewy baguette, Olive oil, Salt pepper, harissa paste, sour cream
OUTPUT: TITLE: Moroccan Spiced Lamb with Harissa | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 chewy baguette; Olive oil; Salt and pepper; 1/2 cup harissa paste (can be store bought); 1/4 cup sour cream; 1 lemon, zested and juiced; 2 racks Australian lamb, trimmed; About 3 1/2 tablespoons Moroccan Spice Mix, recipe follows; Julienned dried apricots, for garnish; Chervil sprigs, for garnish; 1 tablespoon cumin seeds; 1 tablespoon cardamom seeds; 1 tablespoon coriander seeds; 1 tablespoon paprika; 1/2 tablespoon black peppercorns | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat a grill or grill pan. Alternatively, preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Slice the bread into 1/4-inch thick slices. Brush with olive oil, season with salt and pepper, and lightly grill on 1 side. Cool and store in a sealed container until ready to use. Combine the harissa, sour cream, half of the lemon zest, and half of the lemon juice in a small bowl. If more lemon is necessary, add the rest of the zest and or juice. Put into a squeeze bottle for easy assembly. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Coat lamb racks generously with the spice mix, salt, and pepper. Be cautious with the pepp <END>
INPUT: Italian, risotto, wine, olive oil, arborio rice grain, sage sage
OUTPUT: TITLE: Gorgonzola and Red Pear Risotto | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 3 1/2 cups (about) canned vegetable broth; 1 cup dry white wine; 1 1/2 tablespoons olive oil (preferably extra-virgin); 1 cup arborio rice or medium-grain white rice; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh sage or 2 teaspoons dried rubbed sage; 1/3 cup crumbled Gorgonzola cheese (about 2 ounces); 1 ripe unpeeled red-skinned pear, halved, cored, diced | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring vegetable broth and white wine to simmer in heavy small saucepan over medium heat. Reduce heat to low; keep mixture warm. Heat oil in heavy medium saucepan over medium heat. Add rice and sauté until translucent, about 2 minutes. Add all but 1/2 cup broth mixture to rice. Simmer uncovered 15 minutes, stirring often. Mix in sage. Cook until rice is tender but still firm to bite and risotto is creamy, adding remaining broth mixture 1/4 cupful at a time if risotto is dry, about 5 minutes longer. Mix in Gorgonzola and pear. Cook until cheese melts and pear is heated through,about 1 minute. Se <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, salad, virgin olive oil, chicken breasts, Kosher salt pepper, romaine lettuce heart, celery
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken Breast with Feta, Celery and Radish Salad | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, plus more for drizzling; 4 boneless skinless chicken breasts (about 1 1/2 pounds); Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 romaine lettuce heart, torn into bite-size pieces (about 4 cups); 2 ribs celery, thinly sliced; 6 radishes, quartered; 3 ounces fresh feta, crumbled; 1 lemon, quartered | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Heat a large nonstick oven proof skillet over medium-high heat. Add the olive oil and swirl to coat the skillet. Season the chicken breast with salt and pepper on the smooth side of each breast. Place in the skillet seasoned side down and cook without disturbing until brown and crisp, about 3 to 4 minutes. Season the top side of the chicken and flip. Cook 1 minute over the burner; then transfer the skillet to the oven until the chicken registers 165 on an instant-read thermometer, about 8 to 10 minutes more. Set chicken aside to rest for 5 minutes before serv <END>
INPUT: Mexican, white, corn, papaya, tomatillos, onion, garlic, jalapeno
OUTPUT: TITLE: Crispy White Corn Brook Trout with Papaya Sauce and Papaya-Tomatillo Relish | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2 fresh papaya, peeled, seeds removed and finely diced; 2 tomatillos, finely diced; 1/4 cup finely chopped red onion; 2 cloves finely chopped garlic; 1 jalapeno, finely chopped; 1 tablespoon honey; 1/4 cup fresh lime juice; 1 tablespoon olive oil; 2 tablespoons coarsely chopped cilantro; Salt and freshly ground pepper; 3 tablespoons olive oil; 1 Spanish onion, coarsely chopped; 1 tablespoon coarsely chopped garlic; 1/4 cup red wine vinegar; 2 ripe papayas, peeled, seeds removed and coarsely chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine all ingredients in a medium bowl and season with salt and pepper to taste. Heat olive oil in a medium saucepan over medium heat. Add the onions and garlic and cook until soft. Add the wine and cook until reduced by half. Add the papaya and cook until soft. Place mixture in a blender and blend until smooth. Season with honey and salt and pepper to taste. Place rice flour in a medium bowl and season with salt and pepper. Mix eggs and milk in a large bowl and season with salt and pepper. Place cornmeal in a medium bowl and season with salt and pepper. Preheat oven to 375 degrees F. Season <END>
INPUT: Italian, jalapenos, canola oil, onion, bell pepper, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Italian Stuffed Jalapenos | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 15 jalapenos, preferably red, cut in 1/2, seeded and deveined; 1 tablespoon canola oil; 1/4 cup minced red onion; 1/4 cup minced red bell pepper; 3 tablespoons minced garlic; 2 pounds mild Italian sausage, casings removed; 2 cups mascarpone or cream cheese; 1/4 cup grated Parmesan, plus more for garnish; Salt and pepper; 1/2 cup shredded mozzarella cheese; Minced chives | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 300 degrees F. Place jalapenos on a sheet tray and roast for 5 minutes. Remove from the oven and let cool. Heat the oil in a medium saute pan. Add onions, peppers, garlic and sausage and cook for about 2 minutes. Remove and place in a large bowl. Cool to room temperature, then add mascarpone, and Parmesan. Mix ingredients thoroughly and season with salt and pepper. Place approximately 1 tablespoon of mixture into each jalapeno half, and top with 1/2 teaspoon of mozzarella cheese. Place the sheet tray of stuffed peppers in oven and bake for 5 minutes or until mozzarella cheese m <END>
INPUT: Asian, minute, low sodium chicken, Three packages ramen, baby spinach, leftover rotisserie chicken, kimchi
OUTPUT: TITLE: 10-Minute Chicken, Corn and Kimchi Ramen | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 4 cups low-sodium chicken broth; Three 3-ounce packages ramen noodles (flavor packets discarded); One 5-ounce package baby spinach (about 4 cups); 2 cups leftover shredded rotisserie chicken; 2 cups kimchi; 1 1/2 cups frozen corn kernels; 2 tablespoons low-sodium soy sauce; 3 scallions; 4 sheets toasted seaweed snack | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine the chicken broth, 1 cup water, ramen noodles, spinach, chicken, kimchi, corn and soy sauce in a large straight-sided skillet. Cover and bring to a boil over high heat, stirring occasionally, about 6 minutes; boil for 1 minute. Meanwhile, slice the scallions and tear the seaweed into bite-size pieces. Divide the hot ramen among 4 shallow bowls and top each with scallions and seaweed. <END>
INPUT: French, christmas, pudding, milk, sugar, vanilla bean, eggs
OUTPUT: TITLE: Christmas Croissant Pudding with Sour Cream and Brown Sugar Sauce | CUISINE: French | INGREDIENTS: 3 cups whole milk; 1/2 cup (1 stick) unsalted butter; 1/2 cup sugar; 1 vanilla bean, split lengthwise; 6 large eggs; 1/4 cup all purpose flour; 1 1/2 teaspoons ground cinnamon; 1/2 teaspoon ground nutmeg; 1/2 teaspoon baking soda; 1/8 teaspoon salt; 8 croissants (about 1 pound), torn into 3/4-inch pieces; 1 cup pitted prunes, chopped; 1 cup raisins, chopped; 1/2 cup coarsely chopped almonds; 1 tablespoon grated lemon peel | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 300°F. Generously butter 8-cup pudding mold, metal bowl, or soufflé dish and sprinkle with sugar. Combine milk, butter, and 1/2 cup sugar in heavy medium pot. Scrape in seeds from vanilla bean; add bean. Simmer gently over medium-low heat until sugar dissolves and mixture is fragrant, stirring occasionally, about 8 minutes (do not boil). Remove pot from heat; cover and let steep 15 minutes. Remove vanilla bean. Whisk eggs in large bowl to blend. Gradually whisk in hot milk mixture. Whisk flour, cinnamon, nutmeg, baking soda, and salt in very large bowl to blend. Add croissant p <END>
INPUT: Indian, khorma, lamb leg, Salt needed, pepper needed, plain yogurt, ginger root
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lamb Khorma | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 2 1/2 lb boneless lamb leg, cut into 1 1/2-inch cubes; Salt as needed; Ground white pepper as needed; 1 1/2 cups plain yogurt; 2 tbsp minced ginger root; 1 tbsp minced garlic; 2 tsp ground cardamom; 12 oz cashew nuts; 1/4 cup ghee (see tips, below) or canola oil; 3 cups small-dice yellow onion; 1 tsp ground cumin; 1 tsp ground cardamom; 1 tsp ground fennel; 2 tbsp ground coriander; 6 Thai bird chiles, chopped, or to taste | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. Trim the lamb and cut it into large pieces. Season with salt and pepper and put in a bowl. Add the yogurt, 1 tbsp ginger, the garlic, and cardamom. Stir or toss until the ingredients are evenly distributed and the lamb is coated. Cover and refrigerate for at least 30 minutes and up to 3 hours. 2. Put the cashews in a small bowl and add enough hot water to cover them. Let the cashews soak for 30 minutes and then drain. Grind the drained cashews to a coarse paste in a food processor. Set aside. 3. Heat the ghee or oil in a casserole or Dutch oven over medium heat until it shimmers. Add the on <END>
INPUT: soup, bacon, onion, butter, thyme leaves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Bread Bacon and Beer Soup | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 slices bacon; 1 large onion, diced; 2 tablespoons butter; 2 tablespoons fresh thyme leaves, plus 4 more sprigs for garnish; 1 (12-ounce) bottle pilsner beer; 1 quart chicken stock; 3 slices rye bread, torn; Salt and white pepper; 1 cup grated white Cheddar (about 4 ounces) | INSTRUCTIONS: Fry bacon until crisp, remove and reserve. In a medium saucepan over medium-high heat, sweat the onion, butter, and thyme leaves until tender, about 8 minutes. Add beer, stock, and bread. Simmer 10 minutes. Puree with an immersion blender. Season with salt and pepper. Garnish with cheese, bacon and fresh thyme sprigs. <END>
INPUT: scaloppine, virgin olive oil, all purpose flour, Salt pepper, oyster mushrooms
OUTPUT: TITLE: Veal Scaloppine with Mushrooms, Marsala and Thyme: Scaloppine alla Marsala | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 1/4 cup all-purpose flour; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 8 (2-ounce) veal medallions from the rack or loin; 8 ounces oyster mushrooms, quartered; 1 cup sweet Marsala wine (or slightly sweet sherry); 2 tablespoons cold unsalted butter; 2 tablespoons fresh thyme leaves or 1/2 teaspoon dried thyme | INSTRUCTIONS: In a 10 to 12-inch saute pan, heat the olive oil over medium heat until almost smoking. Meanwhile, season the flour with salt and pepper. Dredge the veal medallions in the seasoned flour. Add to the pan and saute, turning once, until golden brown on both sides, about 2 minutes per side. Transfer the veal to a platter and keep warm. Add the mushrooms to the pan and saute until they are lightly browned and the juices have evaporated. Add the Marsala, bring to a boil, and reduce by one third. Add the cold butter and replace the veal medallions in the pan. Bring just to a boil, reduce the heat, an <END>
INPUT: canola oil, all purpose flour, Kosher salt pepper, shallots
OUTPUT: TITLE: Crispy Shallots | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups canola oil; 1 cup all-purpose flour; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 6 large shallots, sliced into thin rings | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. Heat the oil in a medium saucepan until it reaches 360°F on a deep-fat thermometer. 2. Put the flour on a large plate and season with salt and pepper. Working in batches, dredge the shallots in the flour. Transfer them to a large slotted spoon or spider and tap off the excess flour. Fry the shallots in batches, stirring a few times, until light golden brown and crisp, 30 to 45 seconds. Transfer with a slotted spoon to a plate lined with paper towels and season with salt and pepper. 1. Heat the oil in a medium saucepan until it reaches 360°F on a deep-fat thermometer. 2. Put the flour on a l <END>
INPUT: scrambled, eggs, Kosher salt pepper, unsalted butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Simple Scrambled Eggs | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 8 large eggs; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter | INSTRUCTIONS: Lightly beat the eggs, 3/4 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of black pepper in a medium bowl. Melt 1 tablespoon of the butter in a medium nonstick skillet over low heat; swirl to coat the bottom and sides. Add the eggs, and cook slowly, scraping them up with a rubber spatula occasionally, until most of the liquid has thickened and the eggs are soft, about 10 minutes. (If you like your eggs a little firmer, cook them for an additional 2 to 3 minutes.) Remove them from the heat, and gently fold in the remaining 1 tablespoon of butter. Serve hot. <END>
INPUT: Italian, stroganoff, butter, oil, onions, shiitake mushrooms, oyster mushrooms
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mushroom Stroganoff | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon butter; 1 teaspoon oil; 2 large onions, chopped; 1/4 pound shiitake mushrooms, sliced; 1/4 pound oyster mushrooms, sliced; 1/4 pound chanterelle mushrooms, sliced; 1/4 pound morel mushrooms; Juice from 1/2 lemon; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1 teaspoon dried basil; 1/2 pint nonfat sour cream; 12 ounces cooked pasta, your favorite (I prefer angel hair); 1/3 to 1/2 cup nuts, chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: In large nonstick frying pan, melt butter and oil. Add onions and mushrooms and cook, covered, for about 3 to 7 minutes or until mushrooms start to soften. Remember, leave the lid on to keep it from drying out. When mushrooms have softened, add lemon juice along with seasonings and sour cream. Mix well. Add cooked pasta and heat thoroughly. Season with salt and pepper, if needed, and serve. <END>
INPUT: Italian, chips, kale, grapeseed oil, kosher salt, Parmesan cheese
OUTPUT: TITLE: Parmesan Kale Chips | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 2 bunches kale, washed and dried well (preferably using a salad spinner); 3 tablespoons grapeseed oil; 1 teaspoons kosher salt; 1/4 cup finely-grated Parmesan cheese | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: a salad spinner Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Adjust one oven rack to the upper-middle position and the other oven rack to the lower-middle position. Remove and discard the ribs from the kale, then slice each leaf in half. In a large bowl, toss the kale with the oil and salt until evenly coated. Divide the kale among 2 baking sheets, making sure they are in a single layer and not overlapping. Sprinkle the Parmesan cheese over the kale. Set the baking sheets on the oven racks and bake, switching the baking sheets from bottom to top and top to bottom midway through baking <END>
INPUT: Indian, boil, each coriander seeds, bay leaves, water, kosher salt, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Crawfish Boil | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons each of coriander seeds, cumin seeds, mustard seeds and dill seeds; 3 bay leaves; 6 quarts water; 1/4 cup kosher salt; 3 tablespoons ground black pepper; 1/4 cup cider vinegar; 2 whole lemons; 4 tablespoons cayenne pepper; 1 small onion spiked with 10 cloves; 3 celery ribs; 5 pounds fresh live Louisiana crawfish; Hot sauce, store-bought | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine the spice seeds and bay leaves in a piece of cheesecloth and tie to form sachet. In a large pot combine water, salt, pepper, vinegar, lemons, cayenne pepper, onion, celery and spice sachet and bring to a boil. Allow mixture to boil for 20 minutes. Add crawfish and cook for 5 minutes. Remove from heat, cover and let stand for 15 minutes. Drain and serve with hot sauce. Boiling liquid may be cooled, refrigerated, and reused once. <END>
INPUT: American, virgin olive oil, onions, garlic, flank steak, Salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Italian Flank Steak | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1/2 cup onions, diced; 3 tablespoons diced garlic; 1 flank steak, about 2 pounds; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1/2 cup thinly julienne carrots; 1/2 cup roasted julienne red bell peppers; 1/2 cup julienne oil packed sun-dried tomatoes; 1/2 cup julienne green onions; 3/4 cup shredded mozzarella; 1/4 cup chopped parsley leaves; 2 (6-inch) bamboo skewers; 1/2 cup all-purpose flour; 2 tablespoons Italian seasoning; 1/2 cup white wine | INSTRUCTIONS: In a small saute pan, add 1 tablespoon olive oil, onions, and garlic and cook until translucent. Remove and let cool. Tenderize flank steak with a meat mallet and cut into 1/4-inch pieces, approximately 5 by 8 inches long. Lightly season with salt and freshly ground black pepper. Place carrots, red bell peppers, sun-dried tomato, and green onions in separate layers over the first 5 inches of the steak lengthwise. Top with garlic and onion mixture, then evenly coat with shredded mozzarella cheese and parsley. Roll flank steak, starting with end that has vegetables, firmly without pushing out ve <END>
INPUT: American, rear, chicken, rub, Barbecue Sauce, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Beer in the Rear Chicken and BBQ Sauce | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 5 pound whole chicken, rinsed and patted dry; 2 to 3 tablespoons dry rub, recipe follows; 1 (12-ounce) can light beer; Barbecue Sauce, recipe follows; 2 teaspoons salt; 2 teaspoons sweet paprika; 2 teaspoons brown sugar; 1 teaspoon celery salt; 1 teaspoon dried oregano; 1 teaspoon dry mustard; 1 teaspoon black pepper; 1 teaspoon ground cumin; 1 teaspoon garlic powder; 1 teaspoon chili powder; Cayenne pepper, pinch | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. Set up your indoor/oven "beer can chicken" roaster according to manufacturer's instructions. Rub the chicken all over with the dry rub making sure to get some around the cavity opening as well. Put the rubbed chicken in place over the beer can, on top of a roasting pan. Place the chicken in the oven and roast for 30 minutes. Lower the oven to 325 degrees F and roast for 90 minutes basting with the chicken drippings and Barbecue Sauce until very, very tender. Carefully remove the chicken from the roaster and let rest 10 minutes before carving. Remove beer can from <END>
INPUT: American, fines, herbes, Special Coffee filter, mussels, wine, shallot lobes, bay leaf
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mussels with Garlic and Fines Herbes | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: Special Equipment: Coffee filter or cheesecloth; 3 pounds mussels; 1 1/2 cups white wine; 4 shallot lobes, sliced thin; 1 bay leaf; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 2 cloves garlic, sliced thin; 1 tablespoon chopped flat-leaf parsley leaves (about 3 sprigs); 1/2 tablespoon chopped chervil leaves (about 4 sprigs); 2 teaspoons chopped tarragon leaves (about 2 branches); 1 teaspoon thinly sliced chive blades (about 3 blades) | INSTRUCTIONS: Clean the mussels: Scrub them well under cold running water. Debeard them, if necessary, pulling out any wiry fronds coming through the seams of the shells. In a large pot or deep sauté pan, combine the white wine, half the shallot, and the bay leaf. Place the mussels on top and cover with a lid. Bring to a boil over high heat to steam open the mussels, 3 to 4 minutes. You may want to give them a stir after 2 minutes to disperse the heat evenly among the mussels. When the mussels have opened (if there are a few that don't, this is an indication that they are dead or bad — discard them), transf <END>
INPUT: Mexican, salsa, Dijon mustard, wine vinegar, Kosher salt pepper, virgin olive oil, turkey chicken cutlets
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Turkey or Chicken Cutlets with Black Bean, Corn, Tomato and Avocado Salsa | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard; 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar; Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper; 1/3 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 4 turkey or chicken cutlets (each about 4-6 ounces); 1 15-ounce can black beans, drained and rinsed; 1 cup cooked fresh or thawed frozen corn kernels; 8 to 10 small cherry tomatoes, quartered; 1 medium Hass avocado, halved, pitted, peeled, and cut into small dice; 1/4 cup lightly packed cilantro leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. Whisk the mustard and vinegar in a large bowl, season with 1/2 teaspoon salt and 1/4 teaspoon pepper. Gradually whisk in the olive oil. Season the cutlets with some salt and pepper and put in a large non-reactive glass or ceramic bowl. Pour about a 1/4 cup of the dressing over the cutlets and turn to coat evenly. Cover and marinate for 15 minutes at room temperature, or in the refrigerator for up to 8 hours. 2. Add the beans, corn, and tomatoes to the remaining dressing. Season the salsa with salt and pepper and toss to coat evenly. Add the avocado and cilantro and gently mix, taking care n <END>
INPUT: salad, navel oranges tangelos, jicama, onion, radishes, distilled vinegar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Orange, Jícama, Radish, and Pork Rind Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 1/2 lb navel oranges or tangelos (6 medium); 1 medium jicama (1 lb); 1 cup sliced red onion (1/8 inch thick; 1 small); 6 radishes, very thinly sliced (1 cup); 1/3 cup distilled white vinegar; 1 teaspoon salt; 1 cup crumbled pork rinds; 1/2 cup chopped salted roasted peanuts | INSTRUCTIONS: Cut peel, including all white pith, from oranges with a small sharp knife, then cut crosswise into 1/4-inch-thick slices and transfer to a large bowl (you should have about 4 cups). Peel jicama with a large sharp knife, then quarter lengthwise and cut crosswise into 1/8-inch-thick slices (you should have about 3 cups). Add to oranges along with onion, radishes, vinegar, and salt. Toss until combined, then chill, covered, at least 1 hour. Toss again before serving, sprinkled with pork rinds and peanuts. Cut peel, including all white pith, from oranges with a small sharp knife, then cut crosswis <END>
INPUT: soup, pale leeks, unsalted butter, water, chicken broth, boiling
OUTPUT: TITLE: Potato and Leek Soup | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: the white and pale green part of 2 large leeks, split lengthwise, washed well, and chopped; 1 tablespoon unsalted butter; 1 1/2 cups water; 1 cup chicken broth; 1 pound boiling, potatoes; 2 tablespoons minced fresh parsley leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large heavy saucepan cook the leeks in the butter with salt and pepper to taste, covered, over moderately low heat, stirring occasionally, for 8 to 10 minutes, or until they are softened but not browned. Add the water, the broth, and the potatoes, peeled and cut into 1/2-inch dice, and simmer the mixture, covered, for 20 minutes, or until the potatoes are tender. In a blender purée 1 cup of the soup, stir the puré into the remaining soup with the parsley, and season the soup with salt and pepper. In a large heavy saucepan cook the leeks in the butter with salt and pepper to taste, covered <END>
INPUT: sopped, cake, Vegetable, eggs, sugar, kosher salt, flour
OUTPUT: TITLE: Rum "Sopped" Coconut Cake | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Vegetable spray, for pan; 24 eggs; 4 cups sugar; 1 tablespoon kosher salt; 4 cups flour; 5 (14-ounce) cans sweetened condensed milk; 5 (13.5-ounce) cans coconut milk; 1/2 cup dark rum (recommended: Meyers); 1 tablespoon vanilla extract; 1 teaspoon almond extract; Unsweetened whipped cream, for serving | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 300 degrees F. Line a hotel pan with parchment paper and coat with vegetable spray. Whip the eggs and sugar in a bowl of an electric mixer, until fluffy, 2 times the volume. Add the salt and quickly fold in the flour until incorporated. Pour the batter into the parchment paper-lined pan and bake until a skewer comes out dry. Let the cake cool and remove the cake from the pan and gently remove the parchment paper. Trim off the top crust to enable the sopping milk to absorb more easily. In a large bowl, combine the sweetened condensed milk, coconut milk, rum, vanilla extract, and <END>
INPUT: parsnips, sweet potato, celery root, russet potatoes, heavy cream
OUTPUT: TITLE: Root Gratin | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound parsnips, peeled; 1 pound sweet potato, peeled; 1 pound celery root, peeled; 1 pound russet potatoes, peeled; 1 cup heavy cream; 1/2 cup low-sodium chicken stock; 1 teaspoon dried tarragon; 1 tablespoon minced garlic; 6 ounces Gorgonzola cheese, crumbled; 1 teaspoon salt; 2 teaspoons freshly ground black pepper; Special equipment: a 1 1/4 quart oval gratin dish | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat oven to 400 degrees F with rack in middle. Slice vegetables into 1/4-inch thick slices. In a large bowl, toss vegetables with cream, stock, tarragon and salt and pepper, garlic and Gorgonzola. Put into prepared gratin dish. Cover loosely with heavy duty foil. Bake for 1 hour, until vegetables are fork tender. If tender, remove foil, leave dish on middle rack and turn broiler on high. Broil gratin until top is golden, 3 to 4 minutes. Let cool 10 minutes before serving. Gratin can be made 1 day ahead and reheated at 325 degrees F, covered with foil for appr <END>
INPUT: Asian, lettuce, cups, palm sugar light, soy sauce, juice, ginger
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lettuce Cups with Pork and Quinoa in Peanut Sauce | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons (2 ounces/60 grams) creamy peanut butter (avoid using natural peanut butter, which won't blend as smoothly); 1 tablespoon palm sugar or light brown sugar; 3 tablespoons soy sauce, plus more to taste; 3 tablespoons juice, plus 2 teaspoons finely grated zest from about 3 limes; 1 tablespoon finely grated fresh ginger; 1 tablespoon rice vinegar; 2 teaspoons fish sauce, plus more to taste; 2 teaspoons sriracha hot sauce, plus more to taste; 1 tablespoon vegetable oil; 6 scallions, ends trimmed and thinly sliced; 1 pound/450 grams ground pork; 1 cup (6 ounces/180 grams) cooked quinoa; 1/2 cup (1 ounce/30 grams) quinoa puffs; 1/2 cup cilantro, chopped; 1/2 cup pea shoots, chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. In a small bowl, whisk together the peanut butter, sugar, soy sauce, lime juice and zest, ginger, vinegar, fish sauce, and sriracha until smooth. 2. Heat the oil in a large nonstick skillet over medium-high heat until shimmering. Add the scallions and cook until softened, about 2 minutes. Add the pork and cook, breaking up with a wooden spoon, until no longer pink, 8 to 10 minutes. Add the peanut butter mixture and cook, stirring until absorbed, about 3 minutes. Stir in the quinoa and quinoa puffs. Adjust the seasoning with soy sauce, fish sauce, and sriracha. 3. Stir in the cilantro and pe <END>
INPUT: pork tenderloin, Salt, pepper, mango, pineapple
OUTPUT: TITLE: Stuffed Pork Tenderloin | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 pounds pork tenderloin; Salt; Freshly cracked black pepper; 2 cups medium diced mango; 2 to 3 cups medium diced pineapple; 3/4 cup finely grated fresh coconut (save the milk); 1/2 cup torn cilantro leaves; 1/2 cup minced red onions; 3 cloves minced garlic; 1/4 cup minced chives; 2 tablespoons honey; Coconut milk, as needed | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat a grill to 375 degrees F. Fan out the loin by slicing it down the middle but not all the way through. Do the same to each side of the loin. Place the fanned loin in between 2 pieces of plastic wrap and pound until it is about 3/8-inch thick. Season with salt and fresh cracked black pepper. Place mango, pineapple, fresh coconut, cilantro, red onions, garlic, chives, and honey in a large bowl and fold together. Season, to taste, and loosen with fresh coconut milk if too thick. Lay out your pounded pork loin, spread on salsa, roll, and bind it together with some butchers string. Grill on  <END>
INPUT: flan, bechamel, cauliflower florets, broccoli florets, bags baby spinach, all purpose flour
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cauliflower and Broccoli Flan with Spinach Bechamel | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 1/2 cups cauliflower florets; 2 1/2 cups broccoli florets; 2 6-ounce bags baby spinach leaves; 6 tablespoons (3/4 stick) butter; 1/4 cup all purpose flour; 2/3 cup whole milk; 2/3 cup freshly grated Parmesan cheese | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook cauliflower and broccoli in large pot of boiling salted water until crisp-tender, about 5 minutes. Drain, reserving 2/3 cup cooking liquid. Transfer vegetables to large bowl. Cool. Rinse spinach, then toss in large nonstick skillet over medium-high heat until just wilted. Drain and cool. Squeeze spinach dry; finely chop. Melt butter in heavy medium saucepan over medium heat. Add flour and whisk until smooth, about 2 minutes. Gradually whisk in milk and reserved 2/3 cup vegetable cooking liquid. Whisk constantly over medium heat until sauce thickens and boils, about 3 minutes. Stir in spin <END>
INPUT: shallots, butter, shallot, eggs, Salt pepper, soft herb flavored
OUTPUT: TITLE: Savory Eggs with Peas and Shallots | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons butter; 1 large shallot, very thinly sliced; 8 eggs; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 package soft herb-flavored cheese, crumbled (recommended: Boursin); 1 cup green peas | INSTRUCTIONS: Melt butter in a medium skillet over medium heat. Add shallots and cook 3 to 4 minutes. Whisk eggs with salt and pepper and combine with shallots then stir in the cheese and peas, cook 3 to 4 minutes until eggs are firming up but not yet dry. Serve immediately. <END>
INPUT: Italian, penne ziti, flat leafed parsley, garlic fine paste, onion, nicoise calamata olives
OUTPUT: TITLE: Penne with Tuna, Capers and Parsley | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound penne or ziti; 1 cup fresh flat-leafed parsley leaves, washed, dried, and chopped fine; 2 cloves garlic minced to a fine paste; 1 small red onion, minced; 1 cup nicoise or calamata olives, drained and pitted; 1/4 cup drained capers, chopped; Salt and pepper to taste; Fresh lemon juice; Extra-virgin olive oil; 2 (6-ounce) cans tuna, drained 1 pound penne or ziti; 2 (6-ounce) cans tuna, drained | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring a kettle of salted water to a boil. Cook pasta until al dente and drain well in a colander. In a bowl toss together pasta, parsley, garlic, onion, olives, capers, and salt and pepper to taste. Drizzle mixture with lemon juice and olive oil and toss. Add tuna and toss to combine.; <END>
INPUT: Italian, Vegetable oil, grape cherry tomatoes, virgin olive oil, kosher salt, Kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Whole Wheat Fettuccine with Roasted Tomatoes, Peas and Fresh Mozzarella | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: Vegetable oil cooking spray; 2 cups grape or small cherry tomatoes (about 10 ounces); 2 teaspoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt; Kosher salt; 1 pound whole wheat or brown rice fettuccine pasta; 1/2 cup red wine, such as pinot noir; 1/2 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes; 1/2 teaspoon black pepper; 2 cloves garlic, peeled; One 28-ounce can whole peeled tomatoes in tomato juice; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh thyme; 1 cup frozen peas, thawed; 1/3 cup chopped fresh basil; One 8-ounce ball fresh mozzarella cheese, drained and diced, or 8 ounces ciliengine, drained | INSTRUCTIONS: For the tomatoes: Place an oven rack in the center of the oven. Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Spray a heavy baking sheet with vegetable oil cooking spray, and set aside. Toss the tomatoes, oil and salt together. Arrange the tomatoes in a single layer on the prepared baking sheet. Roast until the skins blister and turn dark brown in places, 20 minutes. Set aside to cool. For the fettuccine: Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil over high heat. Add the pasta and cook until tender but still firm to the bite, stirring occasionally, 8 to 10 minutes. Drain and place in a large serving bow <END>
INPUT: macadamia nuts, corn syrup, bittersweet chocolate, powdered sugar, unsweetened Dutch process
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate Macadamia Nuts | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 1/2 cups whole macadamia nuts; 3/4 cup corn syrup; 21 ounces bittersweet chocolate, tempered; 1 3/4 cups powdered sugar, optional; 1 3/4 cups unsweetened Dutch-process cocoa powder, optional | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Place the nuts in a large mixing bowl. Add the corn syrup and stir until evenly coated. Place the nuts on a baking sheet and roast in the oven for 15 to 20 minutes. Remove from the oven. Using a wooden spoon, transfer the nuts onto a parchment paper-covered baking sheet pan. Do not touch them, as they are extremely hot. Let them cool at room temperature, or if possible, place them in the freezer because the cold nuts will help the chocolate to temper. When completely cooled, break apart any nut clusters that may have formed. Place the cooled nuts in the coati <END>
INPUT: French, heirloom tomatoes, Sea salt, wine vinegar, tarragon, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Heirloom Tomatoes with Tarragon | CUISINE: French | INGREDIENTS: 6 heirloom tomatoes, assorted sizes and colors; Sea salt; Red wine vinegar; Bunch of tarragon; Freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Cut the large tomatoes in thick slices and the small ones in wedges. Arrange the tomatoes on a platter and sprinkle generously with sea salt. Drizzle red wine vinegar all over the tomatoes. Using scissors, clip the tarragon leaves over the salad, sprinkle with pepper and drizzle with more red wine vinegar. Allow to sit for 10 minutes and serve at room temperature. <END>
INPUT: tart, honey, butter pan, all purpose flour, almonds, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cream Tart with Oranges, Honey, and Toasted-Almond Crust | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Melted butter for pan plus 6 tablespoons (3/4 stick) chilled unsalted butter, diced; 3/4 cup all purpose flour; 3/4 cup whole almonds, toasted, cooled; 1/4 cup sugar; 3/4 teaspoon (scant) salt; 1 large egg yolk; 2 teaspoons water; 1/4 teaspoon plain unflavored gelatin; 3 large egg yolks; 1/4 cup sugar; 4 1/2 teaspoons cornstarch; 1/2 teaspoon finely grated orange peel; 1 cup whole milk; 1/2 cup chilled heavy whipping cream; 3 oranges | INSTRUCTIONS: For crust: Brush melted butter over bottom (not sides) of 9-inch-diameter tart pan with removable bottom. Blend flour, almonds, sugar, and salt in processor until nuts are finely ground. Add 6 tablespoons diced butter. Blend until mixture resembles coarse meal. Add yolk. Blend until dough comes together in moist clumps. Press dough evenly onto bottom and up sides of pan. Pierce dough all over with fork. Freeze until firm, at least 30 minutes. DO AHEAD: Can be made 1 day ahead. Keep frozen. Preheat oven to 400°F. Bake crust until deep golden brown (crust will puff slightly), about 18 minutes. T <END>
INPUT: soft, soldiers, Peanut oil, potato, organic, parsley, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Soft Boiled Eggs with Crispy Potato Soldiers | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Peanut oil, for frying; 1 potato; 2 organic, free-range eggs; 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh parsley; 2 cloves fresh garlic, finely minced; Sea salt; Smoked paprika, as needed; Freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Fill up a large pot halfway with peanut oil and place over medium heat. Bring a small pot of water to a rolling boil. Cut the potato into long strips like French fries. Gently add the eggs to the boiling water and cook for 6 minutes. Drain and run the eggs under cold running water to stop the cooking process. When bubbles start to form in the peanut oil, drop in the potato strips and cook until golden brown. Lift the potatoes out of the oil and drain on a tray lined with paper towels. Toss them in a large bowl with the parsley and garlic with a pair of tongs. Add some sea salt and smoked papri <END>
INPUT: layer, cake, seedless Concord grapes, Granny Smith apple, water, granulated sugar, Unsalted butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Concord Grape Layer Cake | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 cups small seedless Concord grapes (about 2 pounds)*; 1 small Granny Smith apple, peeled and finely diced; 1/2 cup water; 1 cup granulated sugar; Unsalted butter, for the pans; 3 3/4 cups all-purpose flour, plus more for the pans; 3/4 teaspoon baking soda; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 2 1/4 cups granulated sugar; 1 cup vegetable oil; 4 large eggs, at room temperature; 2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract; 1 1/2 cups buttermilk; 2 large pasteurized egg whites; 1 cup granulated sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: Make the filling: Combine the grapes, apple and water in a medium Dutch oven over medium-low heat. Cover and cook until most of the grapes pop and shrivel, about 12 minutes. Increase the heat to medium and stir in the granulated sugar. Cook, stirring often and mashing with a potato masher occasionally to crush the apple, until the filling is thick and syrupy, 15 to 20 minutes. Remove from the heat and let cool completely. Make the cake: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Butter and flour three 8-inch round cake pans; line the bottoms with parchment paper. Sift the flour, baking soda and salt i <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, couscous, boiling low sodium, paprika, cumin, turmeric
OUTPUT: TITLE: Couscous with Sautéed Almonds and Currants | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups instant couscous (whole wheat or regular); 2 1/2 cups boiling low-sodium chicken broth; 1 teaspoon paprika; 1 teaspoon ground cumin; 1/2 teaspoon ground turmeric; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 1/4 cup sliced almonds; 3 tablespoons dried currants | INSTRUCTIONS: In a medium bowl, combine the couscous, broth, paprika, cumin, turmeric, salt, and pepper, cover tightly with plastic wrap, and let rest for 5 minutes. Uncover and fluff with a fork. While the couscous is resting, heat the oil in a small skillet over medium heat. Add the almonds and cook, stirring, until fragrant and lightly golden, 3 to 4 minutes. Transfer almonds and oil to a small bowl. Transfer fluffed couscous into a serving bowl and top with currants and the toasted almonds along with their oil. In a medium bowl, combine the couscous, broth, paprika, cumin, turmeric, salt, and pepper, co <END>
INPUT: crisp, rings, all purpose flour, sugar, salt, onion, vegetable oil frying
OUTPUT: TITLE: Green Beans and Crisp Onion Rings | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons all-purpose flour; 1 tablespoon sugar; 1 teaspoon salt; 1 small red onion, cut into 1/4-inch-thick slices; vegetable oil for frying; 1/2 pound green beans, trimmed and cut into 3-inch pieces; 1/2 tablespoon unsalted butter; 1 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce | INSTRUCTIONS: In a small bowl whisk together flour, sugar, and salt. Separate onion slices into rings and toss in flour mixture to coat. In a 9-inch skillet heat 1/2 inch oil to 380°F. on a deep-fat thermometer. Shake off excess flour from half of onion rings and fry them, turning, until golden 1 to 2 minutes. Transfer onion rings with tongs to paper towels to drain and fry remaining onion rings in same manner. In a vegetable steamer set over boiling water steam beans, covered, about 6 minutes, or until tender. In a large bowl toss beans with onion rings, butter, Worcestershire sauce, and salt and pepper to <END>
INPUT: drop, biscuits, all purpose flour, baking powder, sugar, baking soda, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cheddar Scallion Drop Biscuits | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 1/4 cups all-purpose flour; 2 1/2 teaspoons baking powder; 2 teaspoons sugar; 3/4 teaspoon baking soda; 1 teaspoon salt; 6 tablespoons (3/4 stick) cold unsalted butter, cut into 1/2-inch cubes; 6 ounces cheddar, coarsely grated (1 1/2 cups); 3 scallions, finely chopped; 1 cup well-shaken buttermilk | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 450 degrees F. Whisk together flour, baking powder, sugar, baking soda, and salt in a bowl, then blend in butter with your fingertips until mixture resembles coarse meal. Stir in Cheddar and scallions. Add buttermilk and stir until just combined. Drop dough in 12 equal mounds about 2 inches apart onto a buttered large baking sheet. Bake in middle of oven until golden, 18 to 20 minutes. <END>
INPUT: fruit, wine, confectioners' sugar additional, blackberries, ricotta cheese, orange
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fruit Pizza | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups red wine; 1/3 cup confectioners' sugar plus additional for dusting, if desired; 2 pints fresh blackberries; 1/2 cup ricotta cheese; 1/2 orange, zested; Kosher salt; 2 baked 6-inch pizzas (without topping) | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the grill (or, alternatively, the oven to 350 degrees F) In a large skillet, reduce the red wine by half over medium heat and whisk in the confectioners' sugar. When the mixture thickens slightly, gently stir in the blackberries and simmer, 2 to 3 minutes. Set aside. Put the ricotta in a separate bowl. Grate a little orange zest (about 1 teaspoon) over the ricotta, add a pinch of salt and stir to blend. Spread an even layer of the ricotta on the pizzas and place on the grill to warm them. Alternatively, bake for 3 to 5 minutes in oven. Warm the blackberry mixture. Note: if the blackber <END>
INPUT: blueberry, overnight, banana, full fat yogurt, almond milk, scoop, rolled oats
OUTPUT: TITLE: Banana and Blueberry Overnight Oats | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 banana, roughly chopped; 1/3 cup full-fat yogurt; 1 cup almond milk; 1 scoop (30g) strawberry protein powder; 1 1/4 cups rolled oats; A handful of pistachios or other nuts, blueberries and raspberries to serve | INSTRUCTIONS: Place the banana, yogurt, almond milk and protein powder into a blender and blend until smooth. Pour the mixture into a bowl and stir in the oats, then cover and refrigerate for at least 4 hours, preferably overnight. When ready to eat, top with the nuts, blueberries and raspberries. Place the banana, yogurt, almond milk and protein powder into a blender and blend until smooth. Pour the mixture into a bowl and stir in the oats, then cover and refrigerate for at least 4 hours, preferably overnight. When ready to eat, top with the nuts, blueberries and raspberries. <END>
INPUT: salad, avocado, fennel, grapefruit, virgin olive oil, Salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grapefruit-Fennel Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 avocado, peeled, pitted and diced; 1 head fennel, fronds removed and sliced; 1 grapefruit, segmented; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; A few sprigs fresh parsley | INSTRUCTIONS: Add the avocado, fennel, and grapefruit segments to a large bowl. Toss with olive oil and season with salt and pepper. Place onto platter and top with parsley. Serve with grilled shrimp, if desired. <END>
INPUT: American, herbed, salad, beets, Dijon mustard, wine vinegar, tarragon, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Herbed Goat Cheese, Roasted Beet, and Watercress Salad | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 4 medium beets, scrubbed and trimmed, leaving about 1 inch of stems attached; 1 1/4 teaspoons Dijon mustard; 2 tablespoons white-wine vinegar; 1/4 teaspoon dried tarragon, crumbled; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 1/4 cup plus 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 3/4 cup fresh bread crumbs; 1/2 teaspoon dried tarragon, crumbled; 3/4 teaspoon salt; 1/8 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 8 ounces Montrachet or other soft goat cheese, cut into eight 1/2-inch rounds and chilled, covered; 2 bunches watercress, coarse stems discarded, rinsed and spun dry (about 8 cups) | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 400°F. Wrap beets tightly in foil and roast in middle of oven 1 to 1 1/2 hours, or until tender. Unwrap beets carefully and cool until they can be handled. Discard stems and peel beets. Beets may be prepared up to this point 1 day ahead and chilled, covered. Cut each beet into 8 wedges and cover. Preheat oven to 400°F. Wrap beets tightly in foil and roast in middle of oven 1 to 1 1/2 hours, or until tender. Unwrap beets carefully and cool until they can be handled. Discard stems and peel beets. Beets may be prepared up to this point 1 day ahead and chilled, covered. Cut each be <END>
INPUT: Italian, herb, pesto, basil leaves, Italian parsley leaves, garlic, virgin olive oil, parmigiano reggiano
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spaghetti with Pecan-Herb Pesto | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cups packed fresh basil leaves; 1 1/2 cups packed fresh Italian parsley leaves; 1 clove garlic; 1/2 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 1/4 cup freshly grated parmigiano-reggiano; 1/2 cup pecans; Kosher salt1 pound spaghetti; Finely grated zest of 1 lemon | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Scatter the pecans on a rimmed sheet pan and toast until they are fragrant and a shade or two darker, 7 to 8 minutes. Cool. Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add the pasta to the boiling water and cook according to the package directions until al dente. Drain, reserving about 1/2 cup pasta water. Meanwhile, put the pecans in a food processor with the lemon zest, basil, parsley and garlic and pulse six or seven times to make a chunky paste. Scrape down the sides of the work bowl and, with the processor running, add the olive oil in a steady stream t <END>
INPUT: Italian, vegetarian, salad, short grain rice, olive oil, kosher salt, oranges
OUTPUT: TITLE: Vegetarian Brown Rice Salad With Parsnips and Whipped Ricotta | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 cup short-grain brown rice; 3/4 cup plus 3 tablespoons olive oil, divided; 2 teaspoons kosher salt, plus more, divided; 2 large oranges, divided; 1 bunch (about 1 1/2 pounds) parsnips, peeled, cut into 1/4" coins; 1 garlic clove, smashed; 4 sprigs rosemary; 1/4 teaspoon cayenne pepper; 1/2 cup blanched hazelnuts; 1 1/2 cups whole-milk ricotta; 2 teaspoons white wine vinegar; 1 teaspoon honey; 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 2 heads Little Gem lettuce or baby romaine hearts, torn into bite-size pieces (about 6 cups); 1/2 cup whole parsley leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: Arrange a rack in center of oven; preheat to 450°F. Mix rice, 1 Tbsp. oil, a pinch of salt, and 5 cups water in a medium heavy saucepan. Cover and bring to a boil, then reduce to a simmer and cook until rice is al dente, about 25 minutes. Drain, then rinse with cool water; set aside. Meanwhile, zest 1 orange and transfer zest to a small bowl; reserve orange. Toss parsnips, garlic, rosemary, cayenne, 1/2 cup oil, 1/2 tsp. salt, and 1/4 tsp. orange zest on a rimmed baking sheet. Roast, tossing once halfway through, until fork-tender, about 20 minutes. Transfer to a plate. Toast hazelnuts on rimm <END>
INPUT: chowder, butter, onion, vermouth, clams juice, heavy cream
OUTPUT: TITLE: Clam Chowder | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon butter; 1/2 onion, minced; 3 tablespoons dry vermouth; 1 can or jar clams in juice; 1 cup heavy cream; Salt and white pepper; Sugar; 1 can potato soup; 1/2 teaspoon truffle oil, optional; Brioche croutons, optional; Sourdough bread bowls, optional, for serving; Chopped parsley leaves, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: In a medium saucepan, melt butter. Add onions and saute until tender. Add vermouth to deglaze pan, and reduce a little. Strain clams and reserve juice. Add clam juice and reduce a little, and then add cream and reduce by half. Add salt, pepper, and sugar to taste. Add potato soup and bring to a simmer. Add clams and cook just until clams are warm. Taste for seasoning, and add truffle oil, if using. For garnish, add brioche croutons or serve in sourdough bowl. Top with chopped parsley.; <END>
INPUT: American, slow, cooked, eggplants, zucchini summer squash, coarse salt, unsalted butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Slow-Cooked Ratatouille Over Goat Cheese Polenta | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: Cooking spray; 2 large eggplants, peeled and cut into 1/2-inch pieces (about 10 1/2 cups); 3 medium zucchini or yellow summer squash, cut into 1/2-inch pieces (about 6 1/2 cups); 3 tablespoons coarse salt; 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, divided; 2 small to medium red onions, halved and thinly sliced (about 3 1/2 cups); 2 red bell peppers, cut into 1/2-inch pieces (about 3 cups); 3 tablespoons finely chopped garlic; 1/4 cup all-purpose flour; 1/4 cup tomato paste; One 28-ounce can whole peeled tomatoes; 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh thyme leaves; 10 grinds black pepper; 1/2 cup packed freshly grated Parmigiano-Reggiano (about 1/4 pound); 1 cup coarsely chopped fresh basil leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: Make the Ratatouille 1. Grease the slow cooker with cooking spray. 2. Place the eggplant and zucchini in a large colander and toss well with 3 tablespoons of the salt; let sit for about 45 minutes. Rinse well to remove the salt, then dry well, gently squeezing out excess water with a kitchen towel. Add to the greased slow cooker. Heat 2 tablespoons of the butter in a 10-inch, heavy sauté pan over medium-high heat. When warm, add the onions, bell peppers, and garlic and sauté until the vegetables are softened, about 8 minutes. Transfer to the slow cooker. Reduce the heat to medium and add the r <END>
INPUT: sangria, bottles fruity wine, orange liqueur, brandied cherries, peaches nectarines, raspberries
OUTPUT: TITLE: GZ's Red Sangria | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 bottles fruity red wine, such as Beaujolais; 1 cup orange liqueur, such as Grand Marnier; 1 cup brandied pitted cherries; 1 cup sliced fresh peaches or nectarines; 1 cup fresh raspberries; 1/4 cup elderflower liqueur, such as St-Germain; Zest of 1 lemon; 1/2 bottle cava; Fresh mint or basil sprigs, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine the wine, orange liqueur, cherries, peaches, raspberries, elderflower liqueur and lemon zest in a large-mouth glass bowl or cruet. Stir gently with a wooden spoon, then refrigerate for 1 to 2 hours. Just before serving, pour in the cava and stir very gently. Put large ice cubes in glasses, ladle the sangria into the glasses and garnish with fresh mint or basil sprigs. <END>
INPUT: bacardiandreg, rickey, BACARDI® Mixers Margarita, BACARDI® Select, watermelon, ice
OUTPUT: TITLE: BACARDIandreg; Mixers Watermelon Rickey | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 can of frozen BACARDI® Mixers Margarita mix; 1/2 cup of BACARDI® Select; 1 cup fresh cut watermelon; 4 cups of ice | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. Blend together BACARDI® Mixers Margarita Mix, BACARDI® Select, watermelon and ice for 45 to 60 seconds or until uniform. 2. Pour into short old-fashioned glasses, and garnish with fresh watermelon. 3. Serves five to six people. <END>
INPUT: Italian, tiramisu, espresso powder, water, orange liqueur, ladyfinger cookies
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tiramisu a l'Orange | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 teaspoon instant espresso powder (recommended: Medaglia D'Oro); 1/3 cup warm water; 1/3 cup orange liqueur (recommended: Grand Marnier); 16 to 24 ladyfinger cookies; 1 (1-ounce) box sugar-free cheesecake flavored instant pudding mix (recommended: Jell-O); 1 3/4 cups milk; 1 teaspoon orange extract; Cocoa powder, for dusting | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. In a shallow bowl, stir espresso powder into 1/3 cup warm water until dissolved. Stir in orange liqueur. Dip ladyfingers into espresso mixture and line the sides of 4 parfait or wine glasses; set aside. In a large bowl, whisk together pudding mix, milk, and orange extract for 2 minutes. Divide pudding mixture among the lady finger-lined glasses. Let sit for 5 minutes. Dust tops with cocoa powder and serve. <END>
INPUT: carrots, onions, fennel bulb, olive oil, Kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Carrots and Red Onions With Fennel and Mint | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 pounds small carrots (about 2 bunches), peeled, cut into 3" pieces; 2 large red onions, each cut through root end into 8 wedges; 1 fennel bulb, cut into 1/2" wedges; 4 Tbsp. olive oil, divided; Kosher salt, freshly ground pepper; 2 tablespoons raw sunflower seeds; 1 teaspoon coriander seeds, coarsely chopped; 1/2 teaspoon Aleppo pepper or a pinch of crushed red pepper flakes; 1/2 teaspoon Hungarian hot paprika; 2 tablespoons Sherry vinegar or red wine vinegar; 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice; 2 tablespoons torn mint leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 425°F. Place carrots on a rimmed baking sheet and onions and fennel on another rimmed baking sheet. (Make sure to give them plenty of room, which is key to roasted veggies with nicely browned edges.) Drizzle vegetables with 2 Tbsp. oil, dividing evenly; season with salt and pepper. Roast, tossing occasionally, until golden brown and tender, 20–25 minutes for carrots and 35–45 minutes for onions and fennel. Let cool. Meanwhile, cook sunflower seeds, coriander seeds, Aleppo pepper, paprika, and remaining 2 Tbsp. oil in a small skillet over medium heat, stirring often, until oil i <END>
INPUT: curried, soup, halves roasted butternut, vegetable broth, garlic powder, onion powder, curry powder
OUTPUT: TITLE: Curried Butternut Squash Soup | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 halves roasted butternut squash; 2 cups vegetable broth; 1 teaspoon garlic powder; 1 teaspoon onion powder; 1 teaspoon curry powder; Salt and ground black pepper; Lime Crema, recipe follows; Lime zest, to garnish, if desired; 1/2 cup reduced-fat sour cream; 1/4 teaspoon lime zest; 1 tablespoon lime juice | INSTRUCTIONS: Scoop flesh out of butternut squash with a spoon. In a medium saucepan, combine broth, flesh of butternut squash, garlic powder, onion powder, curry powder, salt and pepper. Set pot over medium heat and bring to a simmer, about 10 minutes. Puree soup with an immersion blender until smooth. Ladle into bowls. Serve with a dollop of Lime Crema and garnish with extra lime zest, if desired. In a small bowl, combine sour cream, lime zest, and lime juice. Whisk to combine. <END>
INPUT: vegetables, basting, shallots, olive oil, Dijon mustard, lemon juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Vegetables with Lemon, Thyme and Mustard Basting Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup (1 stick) butter, diced; 1/3 cup chopped shallots; 1/4 cup olive oil; 3 tablespoons Dijon mustard; 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh thyme; 1 tablespoon grated lemon peel; 2 large ears fresh corn, husked, each cut crosswise into 4 pieces; 1 small eggplant (about 1 pound), cut crosswise into 1/2-inch-thick rounds; 1 large red onion, cut into 3/4-inch-thick wedges; 1 large red bell pepper, seeded, cut lengthwise into 6 strips; 1 large yellow or green bell pepper, seeded, cut lengthwise into 6 strips; 1 large zucchini, trimmed, quartered lengthwise; 8 asparagus spears, trimmed; 1 large carrot, peeled, cut on deep diagonal into 1/4-inch-thick slices | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine all ingredients in heavy medium saucepan. Whisk over medium heat until butter melts and sauce is well blended. Season to taste with salt and pepper. (Can be made 3 hours ahead. Cool. Whisk over low heat to rewarm before using.) Arrange corn pieces, eggplant rounds and onion wedges in single layer on large baking sheet. arrange bell pepper strips, zucchini spears, asparagus spears and carrot slices in single layer on another large baking sheet. Transfer 1/2 cup sauce to small saucepan and reserve for dipping. Brush both sides of vegetables lightly with some of remaining basting sauce. P <END>
INPUT: Italian, straws, puff pastry, Parmesan cheese, sweet paprika, egg mixed water
OUTPUT: TITLE: Parmesan Cheese Straws | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 pound store-bought puff pastry; 1 cup freshly grated Parmesan cheese; 1 teaspoon sweet paprika; 1 egg mixed with 1 teaspoon water | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 425 degrees. Roll the dough into a rectangle about 1/4-inch thick. Brush with some of the egg wash and sprinkle with half of the Parmesan and paprika. Gently run the rolling pin over the dough to press the cheese mixture into it. Turn the dough over, brush it again with egg wash and sprinkle with remaining cheese and paprika. Again, gently run the rolling pin over the dough to press the cheese into it. Transfer the dough to a baking sheet lined with parchment paper and chill for at least 30 minutes. Line a baking sheet with a piece of parchment paper that does not extend all th <END>
INPUT: maine, scallops, baby beets, mustard seed, pistachio, olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Maine Scallops with Roasted Baby Red Beet, Pickled Mustard Seed and Pistachio | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 8-10 dry scallops; 12 baby red beets; 2 Tablespoon yellow mustard seed; 4 Tablespoon crushed pistachio, toasted; 3 Tablespoon olive oil; 4 Tablespoon cider vinegar; 1 Teaspoon sugar; 1/2 Teaspoon kosher salt; 1 Teaspoon sherry vinegar; 2 Tablespoon canola oil; 2 Tablespoon butter, unsalted; Salt & pepper, to taste; 2 heads mache lettuce (optional) | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 400 degrees Fahrenheit . Wash beets and remove stems. Toss cleaned beets with 1 Tablespoon of olive oil, salt, and pepper. Transfer beets to an oven safe dish and cover with aluminum foil. Roast beets for approximately 40 minutes until beets are tender. Remove from oven and working carefully rub skin from beets with a kitchen or paper towel. Set aside to cool. Place 4 of the peeled beets in a blender with the sherry vinegar and 2 Tablespoon of olive oil. Blend for 1 minute on high until smooth and emulsified. Season with salt and pepper and set aside. In a small sauce pot combi <END>
INPUT: roast, goose, heirloom geese, sage, thyme, lemons, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roast Heirloom Goose with Balsamic Vinegar | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 8- to 10-pound heirloom geese, rinsed, patted dry, excess fat pockets removed, wing tips and necks reserved; 12 large fresh sage sprigs; 1 bunch fresh thyme sprigs; 4 lemons, pierced all over with fork; 2 heads of garlic, unpeeled, cut in half horizontally to expose cloves; 2 medium onions, unpeeled, quartered through root ends; Aged balsamic vinegar or Balsamic Pan Sauce | INSTRUCTIONS: Using small sharp knife, make small slits in skin all over breasts, sides, legs, and thighs of each goose to allow fat to be released during roasting (do not pierce flesh). Pull out remaining pin feathers with pliers. Place geese, side by side, on large rack set in large roasting pan. Place wing tips and necks in pan. Refrigerate uncovered at least 1 day and up to 2 days for skin to dry. Preheat oven to 325°F. Sprinkle main cavity of each goose with salt and pepper. Place half of herb sprigs, lemons, garlic, and onions into each. Using small metal pins, skewer cavities closed. Place each goose <END>
INPUT: french, macaroons, blanched almonds, confectioners sugar, egg whites, salt, granulated sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Raspberry Chocolate French Macaroons | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 oz sliced blanched almonds (not slivered; 2 cups); 1 1/2 cups confectioners sugar; 3 large egg whites; 3/4 teaspoon salt; 3 tablespoons granulated sugar; Red or pink food coloring; 3 oz fine-quality bittersweet chocolate (60 to 64% cacao), finely chopped; 1/3 cup heavy cream; 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, softened; 1/16 teaspoon raspberry extract (preferably McCormick brand); Special equipment: parchment paper; a gallon-size sealable plastic bag (not pleated) | INSTRUCTIONS: Make macaroons: Line 2 baking sheets with parchment paper. Pulse almonds with 1/2 cup confectioners sugar in a food processor until very finely ground, 2 to 3 minutes, then transfer to a bowl. Sift in remaining cup confectioners sugar, stirring to combine. Beat egg whites with salt in another bowl with an electric mixer at medium speed until they just hold soft peaks. Add granulated sugar, a little at a time, beating, then increase speed to high and continue to beat until whites just hold stiff, glossy peaks. Add drops of food coloring to reach desired shade and mix at low speed until evenly c <END>
INPUT: garlic, olive oil, mayonnaise, apple cider vinegar, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Asparagus with Roasted-Garlic Aïoli | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 medium heads garlic, left whole; 1 tablespoon olive oil; 1 1/2 cups mayonnaise; 2 teaspoons apple-cider vinegar; 1/2 teaspoon black pepper; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 3 tablespoons chopped fresh chives; 2 lb medium asparagus, trimmed | INSTRUCTIONS: Put oven rack in middle position and preheat oven to 400°F. Cut off and discard tops of garlic heads to expose cloves, then brush each head with 1/2 tablespoon oil. Wrap heads together in foil and bake until tender, about 45 minutes. Cool to warm. Squeeze garlic from skins into a food processor and purée with mayonnaise, vinegar, pepper, and salt. Transfer aioli to a bowl and stir in chives. Peel lower two thirds of each asparagus stalk with a vegetable peeler. Cook asparagus in a wide 6- to 8-quart pot of boiling salted water, uncovered, until crisp-tender, about 5 minutes. Drain well in a co <END>
INPUT: dressing, sour cream, buttermilk, apple cider vinegar, chives, dill
OUTPUT: TITLE: Buttermilk Chive Dressing | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup sour cream; 4 ounces buttermilk; 2 ounces apple cider vinegar; 1 bunch fresh chives, cut into small rounds; 1 bunch fresh dill, picked and finely chopped; 1 tablespoon granulated sugar; Kosher salt and cracked black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: In a small mixing bowl, add the sour cream, buttermilk and apple cider vinegar and whisk until the ingredients are incorporated. Add the chives, dill, sugar, and salt and pepper to taste and stir once more. Cover and store in the refrigerator until ready to use. For best results, do a day or two ahead of time before using. <END>
INPUT: swedish, mustard, Worcestershire sauce, beef broth, allspice, cornstarch
OUTPUT: TITLE: Swedish Meatballs | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup brown mustard; 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce; 2 1/4 cups beef broth; Pinch ground allspice; 1 tablespoon cornstarch; 1/4 cup heavy cream; One 25-count bag All-Purpose Meatballs (still frozen is fine), recipe follows; Buttered noodles, for serving; Chopped fresh parsley, for serving; 5 pounds ground beef; 1 1/2 cups plain breadcrumbs; 1/2 cup milk; 1/4 cup heavy cream; 1/4 cup chopped fresh flat-leaf parsley; 2 tablespoons grainy mustard | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large skillet over medium-high heat, add the mustard, Worcestershire and 2 cups of the beef broth and bring to a boil. Add the allspice. Make a slurry by mixing the cornstarch into the remaining 1/4 cup broth, whisking to get out all the lumps. Whisk the slurry into the skillet and when the mixture starts to boil again, slowly add the cream, whisking constantly. Add the All-Purpose Meatballs, cover and cook until the sauce thickens and the meatballs are heated through, 8 to 10 minutes. Serve over buttered noodles and garnish with fresh parsley. To make the meatballs, combine the ground be <END>
INPUT: topping, onion, bell pepper, garlic, vegetable oil, fine bread crumbs
OUTPUT: TITLE: Broiled Flounder with Bread Crumb Topping | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup finely chopped onion; 1/4 cup finely chopped green bell pepper; 1 garlic clove, minced; 2 teaspoons vegetable oil; 2 tablespoons fine dry bread crumbs; 2 flounder fillets (each about 6 ounces); 2 tablespoons mayonnaise | INSTRUCTIONS: In a heavy skillet cook onion, bell pepper, and garlic in oil over moderately low heat, stirring occasionally, until vegetables are softened and stir in bread crumbs and salt and pepper to taste. Preheat broiler. On a work surface arrange flounder skinned sides up and spread top with mayonnaise. Sprinkle flounder with bread crumb mixture and on oiled rack of a broiler pan broil about 6 inches from heat until cooked through, about 6 minutes. In a heavy skillet cook onion, bell pepper, and garlic in oil over moderately low heat, stirring occasionally, until vegetables are softened and stir in br <END>
INPUT: Italian, lazy, ragu, virgin olive oil, lamb, couple rosemary, oregano marjoram
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lazy Lasagna with Lamb Ragu, Spinach and Ricotta | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1 1/2 pounds ground lamb; A couple sprigs rosemary, leaves picked and finely chopped; 1 tablespoon fresh oregano or marjoram, finely chopped or 1 teaspoon dried; 1/2 teaspoon ground cloves; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 onion, finely chopped; 1 carrot, peeled and finely chopped or grated; 4 large cloves garlic, grated or finely chopped; 1/4 cup tomato paste; 2 cups chicken stock; 1 cup dry white wine; Salt; 1 pound wavy edge lasagna noodles, broken into large, irregular pieces; 3 tablespoons butter | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. For the ragu: Heat 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil in a Dutch oven over medium-high heat. When the oil smokes, pat the ground lamb dry and add to pan, brown to caramelize the meat, season with rosemary, marjoram, cloves, salt, and pepper. Once the meat has browned, add the onion, carrot, garlic and cook to soften 10 minutes more, stirring frequently. Stir in tomato paste, cook 1 minute or until fragrant. Stir in stock then wine, reduce heat to low and gently simmer. In salted boiling water, undercook the pasta by 2 minutes from package directions. Reserve a  <END>
INPUT: cookies, granulated sugar, vanilla extract, egg
OUTPUT: TITLE: Caramel Popcorn, Salted Almond, and Malt Cookies | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2/3 cup (packed) brown sugar; 1/2 cup granulated sugar; 1/2 cup (1 stick) unsalted butter, softened; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; 1 egg; 1 cup all-purpose flour, sifted; 1/4 teaspoon baking powder; 1/4 cup malted milk powder, sifted; 1 teaspoon sea salt; 2 cups store-bought caramel popcorn; 1 cup salted roasted almonds, chopped; Dark hot chocolate, to serve | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 325°F. Place the sugars, butter and vanilla in the bowl of an electric mixer and beat on high speed for 5 minutes or until pale and creamy. Scrape down the sides of the bowl, add the egg and beat until well combined. Add the flour, baking powder, malted milk powder and salt and beat until just combined. Add the popcorn and almonds and fold to combine. Shape 2-tablespoon portions of the dough into balls and place on large baking sheets lined with non-stick parchment paper, flattening slightly and allowing room to spread. Bake for 15–18 minutes or until the cookies are golden. Al <END>
INPUT: Italian, crostini, baguette bread, garlic, peas, Kosher salt, virgin olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Peas, Mint & Parmesan Crostini | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 12 slices of baguette bread; 1/2 garlic clove; 1 cup fresh or frozen peas, thawed; Kosher salt; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; Shaved Parmesan; Torn mint; A few drops of balsamic vinegar | INSTRUCTIONS: Grill 12 slices bread and rub with garlic clove. Blanch peas in a large saucepan of boiling salted water until just tender, about 2 minutes for fresh peas and 1 minute for frozen. Drain peas; transfer to a bowl. Season with kosher salt and extra-virgin olive oil and mash with the back of a fork. Spread about 1 tablespoon mixture over each toast. Garnish with shaved Parmesan, torn mint, and a few drops of balsamic vinegar. Grill 12 slices bread and rub with garlic clove. Blanch peas in a large saucepan of boiling salted water until just tender, about 2 minutes for fresh peas and 1 minute for fr <END>
INPUT: Mexican, branand, roulades, salt, pepper, onion, butter margarine
OUTPUT: TITLE: All-Branand#153; Chicken Roulades | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound thin-sliced, boneless, skinless chicken breasts; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 1/8 teaspoon pepper; 1 small onion, chopped; 3 tablespoons butter or margarine; 1 clove garlic, minced; 1/2 cup Kellogg's® All-Bran® Original cereal; 1/4 cup chicken broth; 1 tablespoon lime juice; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh cilantro; 1 teaspoon grated lime peel | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. Sprinkle chicken pieces with salt and pepper. Set aside. 2. In large skillet cook onion in butter over medium heat about 3 minutes or until softened. Add garlic. Cook and stir for 1 minute more. Stir in Kellogg's® All-Bran® Original cereal, broth, lime juice, cilantro and lime peel. 3. Spread cereal mixture on one side of each chicken piece. Tightly roll up. Place, seam side down, in 13 x 9 x 2-inch baking dish coated with cooking spray. Bake at 350 degrees F about 30 minutes or until chicken is no longer pink. For food safety, internal temperature of the chicken should reach at least 165 d <END>
INPUT: cookies, vanilla bean, sugar, milk, heavy cream, egg yolks
OUTPUT: TITLE: Peanut Butter Cookies with Grape Jelly Ice Cream | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 vanilla bean, split; 1 1/4 cups sugar; 2 cups milk; 2 cups heavy cream; 9 egg yolks; 1 cup Concord grape jelly; 1 1/2 cups butter; 2 cups oats; 2 teaspoons baking soda; 2 teaspoons salt; 3/4 cup sugar; 3/4 cup brown sugar; 3/4 cup peanut butter; 2 1/4 cups all-purpose flour; 3 ounces butter | INSTRUCTIONS: To make the ice cream, split and scrape the seeds of the vanilla bean into the sugar and use your fingers to spread the seeds throughout. Bring milk, cream, and half of the sugar to a boil. Whisk the rest of the sugar with the yolks. Temper the yolks by gradually whisking in about 1/2 cup of the hot cream mixture. Whisk the tempered yolks back into the remaining cream and strain through a fine sieve or chinois. Chill. Process the ice cream in an ice cream maker according to manufacturer's instructions. When done, fold the grape jelly into the ice cream. Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. To ma <END>
INPUT: basque, granulated sugar, eggs, pure vanilla extract, cake flour
OUTPUT: TITLE: Basque Cake with Cherry Preserves | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup (2 sticks) unsalted butter, softened; 1 1/3 cups granulated sugar; 3 large eggs; 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract; 2 3/4 cups cake flour; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 1 teaspoon baking powder; 1/8 teaspoon pure almond extract; 1/3 cup sour cherry preserves; 1/4 cup sliced almonds, optional; Confectioners' sugar, for dusting | INSTRUCTIONS: Place an oven rack in the middle of the oven. Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Butter a 10-inch cake pan or spring-form pan. In a mixer with a whip attachment, beat the butter until creamy. Gradually beat in the sugar until light and fluffy. Add the eggs, 1 at a time, beating well after each addition. Beat in the vanilla extract. Sift the cake flour, salt, and baking powder together and use a rubber spatula to fold the dry ingredients into this butter mixture until a soft dough forms and no white streaks of flour remain. Spread half the batter evenly in the bottom of the prepared pan. Stir t <END>
INPUT: roast, spiced, cabbage, onion, apple, wine, crème de
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roast Lamb with Spiced Red Cabbage | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 cups thinly sliced red cabbage (about half of large head); 3/4 cup chopped onion; 1/2 cup chopped peeled green apple; 1/2 cup dry red wine; 1/2 cup crème de; 1 cinnamon stick; 3 whole cloves; 1 1/2 teaspoons sugar; 1 1/2 teaspoons balsamic vinegar; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1 1/2 pounds lamb neck bones; 1 cup canned beef broth; 1 cup canned low-salt chicken broth; 2 1 1/2- to 1 3/4-pound racks of lamb; 1/4 cup (1/2 stick) chilled unsalted butter, cut into pieces | INSTRUCTIONS: For Cabbage: Mix first 8 ingredients in heavy large Dutch oven. Bring to boil. Reduce heat and simmer until tender, stirring occasionally, abut 35 minutes. Add vinegar. (Can be made 1 day ahead. Chill.) Mix first 8 ingredients in heavy large Dutch oven. Bring to boil. Reduce heat and simmer until tender, stirring occasionally, abut 35 minutes. Add vinegar. (Can be made 1 day ahead. Chill.) For Lamb: Heat 1 tablespoon oil in heavy large Dutch oven over high heat. Add bones and brown well, about 8 minutes. Add all broth; bring to boil. Reduce heat; simmer until liquid is reduced to 1/2 cup, abou <END>
INPUT: Mexican, butternut squash, shallot, olive oil, curry powder, walnuts
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lentils with Butternut Squash and Walnuts | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 small butternut squash (about 1 pound); 1 large shallot; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1 1/2 teaspoons curry powder; 1/2 cup walnuts; 1/3 cup lentils; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro sprigs; fresh lime juice to taste (optional) | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 425°F. Halve, peel, and seed squash and cut into 1/2-inch pieces. Finely chop shallot and in a shallow baking pan toss with squash, oil, curry powder, and salt and pepper to taste until combined well. Bake squash mixture in middle of oven until almost tender, about 15 minutes. Chop walnuts and sprinkle over squash. Bake squash mixture 10 minutes more, or until walnuts are lightly toasted and squash is tender. While squash is baking, in a saucepan of boiling water cook lentils until just tender but not falling apart, about 20 minutes. Drain lentils in a sieve and transfer to a b <END>
INPUT: American, puff pastry, egg, grapeseed oil, onion, lobster meat
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lobster and Crab Pot Pie | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound frozen puff pastry, thawed; 1 egg, beaten; 1/4 cup grapeseed oil; 1 cup diced white onion; 1 pound lobster meat, diced; 1 cup small diced carrots; 1 cup small diced celery; 1/2 cup all-purpose flour; 4 cups chicken broth; 3 cups milk; 1 pound jumbo lump crabmeat, cleaned, cartilage removed; 1/2 cup frozen English peas, thawed; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 tablespoons chopped chives, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Roll out the puff pastry on a floured surface, to about 1/2-inch thickness. Using a round pastry cutter or cookie cutter, about 3 inches in diameter, cut out 6 round disks. Brush each disk with the beaten egg, coating the pastry well. Arrange on a greased baking sheet and bake until the pastry rises and is golden brown, about 15 to 20 minutes. When baked, remove from oven and allow to cool. Add the grapeseed oil to a large heavy-bottomed saucepan over medium heat. Add the onions and saute until soft and translucent (not caramelized), then add the lobster. Sau <END>
INPUT: whole, tail snapper, fennel, Salt, Fine pepper, Canola oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Whole Roasted Snapper | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 yellow tail snapper (1.5 pounds); 1/2-ounce shredded fennel; Salt; Fine ground black pepper; Canola oil; 1 1/2 ounces bias cut fingerling potatoes; 1-ounce baby carrots; 1-ounce bias cut fennel; 1-ounce bias cut celery; 2 baby artichokes; 4 stalks asparagus; 1-ounce large diced red onions; 2 ounces rich veal glaze; 1/2-ounce fresh squeezed lemon juice; Chives | INSTRUCTIONS: Begin with the yellow tail snapper; take all the bones out inside leaving the head and the tail. Then slit down the center of the fish with a sharp knife. And then inside, put shredded fennel, salt and pepper. Heat the olive oil and sear the snapper. Precook the vegetables. While the fish is searing, add an array of vegetables, the veal glaze and lemon juice. Sear one side, then flip the fish to the other side. Then take the whole pan into a preheated 350 degree oven for about 10 minutes. It should come out nice and brown. Garnish with chives and parsley. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, hash, chili powder, cumin, Kosher salt, cinnamon, lime zest
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chili Chicken with Hominy Hash | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2 teaspoons chili powder; 1 teaspoon ground cumin; Kosher salt; 1/4 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1/2 teaspoon grated lime zest; 8 skin-on, bone-in chicken thighs (about 2 1/2 pounds); 1 15-ounce can white hominy, drained, rinsed and patted dry; 1/2 medium acorn squash, seeded and diced; 1 yellow bell pepper, chopped; 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1 tablespoon fresh lime juice, plus wedges for serving; 2 scallions, thinly sliced; 1/4 cup chopped fresh cilantro | INSTRUCTIONS: Position racks in the upper and lower thirds of the oven; preheat to 425 degrees F. Line 2 baking sheets with foil. Mix 1 1/2 teaspoons chili powder, 1/2 teaspoon cumin, 3/4 teaspoon salt, the cinnamon and lime zest in a bowl. Rub the spice mixture all over the chicken, then transfer to one of the baking sheets; set aside until ready to roast. Toss the hominy, squash, bell pepper, 2 tablespoons olive oil, the remaining 1/2 teaspoon each chili powder and cumin, and 1/4 teaspoon salt in a medium bowl. Spread on the other baking sheet. Transfer the chicken to the upper oven rack and the hominy to <END>
INPUT: Indian, curried, cream cheese, pineapple mango chutney, mayonnaise, vegetable oil, walnuts
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pineapple Mango Chutney Dip with Curried Walnuts | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 8 ounces cream cheese, softened; 1/2 cup to 3/4 cup pineapple mango chutney; 1/4 cup mayonnaise; 1 tablespoon vegetable oil; 1/2 cup chopped walnuts; 2 teaspoons curry powder; crackers or crudités | INSTRUCTIONS: Stir together cream cheese, chutney, and mayonnaise, then transfer to small serving bowl. Heat oil in a small skillet over medium-low heat until warm. Add walnuts, curry, and 1/4 teaspoon salt and toast, stirring frequently, about 3 minutes. Cool to warm, about 5 minutes, then spoon over dip. Stir together cream cheese, chutney, and mayonnaise, then transfer to small serving bowl. Heat oil in a small skillet over medium-low heat until warm. Add walnuts, curry, and 1/4 teaspoon salt and toast, stirring frequently, about 3 minutes. Cool to warm, about 5 minutes, then spoon over dip. <END>
INPUT: Four salmon steaks, olive oil, Salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Broiled Salmon Steaks | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Four 6-ounce salmon steaks; 2 tablespoons olive oil, turning to coat; Salt and pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat broiler. Place four 6-ounce salmon steaks on a broilerproof baking sheet. Drizzle with 2 tablespoons olive oil, turning to coat; season with salt and pepper. Broil until cooked through but still slightly translucent in the center, 5–7 minutes. Heat broiler. Place four 6-ounce salmon steaks on a broilerproof baking sheet. Drizzle with 2 tablespoons olive oil, turning to coat; season with salt and pepper. Broil until cooked through but still slightly translucent in the center, 5–7 minutes. <END>
INPUT: pops, bananas, fruit flavored yogurt, cereal
OUTPUT: TITLE: Banana Pops | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 large bananas; 2 cups fruit-flavored yogurt; 1 cup crushed cereal | INSTRUCTIONS: Peel the bananas, leave whole, and dip them in the yogurt. Roll them in the crushed cereal to coat. Freeze until firm. Serve when firm. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, salsa, pineapple, kiwi, cilantro leaves, jalapeno, lime juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pan-Seared Pork with Pineapple-Kiwi Salsa | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup diced pineapple (fresh or canned in juice); 1 cup peeled and diced kiwi (about 2 or 3 whole kiwi); 2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro leaves; 1 jalapeno, seeded and minced; 1 tablespoon fresh lime juice; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 tablespoon olive oil; 1 pound leftover roasted pork tenderloin, sliced crosswise into 1-inch thick slices; 1 tablespoon chili powder | INSTRUCTIONS: In a medium bowl, combine the pineapple, kiwi, cilantro, jalapeno, and lime juice and toss to combine. Season, to taste, with salt and pepper and set aside. Heat the oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Season both sides of the pork slices with salt and pepper. Rub the chili powder into both sides of the pork. Add the pork to the hot pan and sear 2 minutes per side, until golden brown. Serve the pork with the salsa spooned over the top. <END>
INPUT: ganache, heavy cream, light corn syrup, jasmine tea, bittersweet chocolate, milk chocolate
OUTPUT: TITLE: Jasmine Tea Ganache | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 10 ounces heavy cream; 1 ounce light corn syrup; 1 1/4 ounces jasmine tea; 9 ounces bittersweet chocolate, chopped; 4 1/2 ounces milk chocolate chopped; 1/4 ounce rum | INSTRUCTIONS: Chop the chocolate into small pieces approximately 3/8-inch. Boil together the cream and light corn syrup. Add the jasmine tea and simmer for 1 minute. Strain the tea and pour over the bittersweet chocolate and milk chocolate. Mix the ingredients only enough to incorporate. Allow to cool to 90 degrees and stir in the rum. Pour into a shallow dish that has been lined with waxed or parchment paper. The filling should be 5/8 inches thick. Allow to cool overnight or until firm, covered in refrigerator. Cut into squares. <END>
INPUT: purple prune plums, sugar, cinnamon, salt, Zest lemon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Cinnamon Plums | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 to 8 ripe purple prune plums; 2 tablespoons brown sugar; 1 1/2 teaspoons ground cinnamon; Pinch salt; Zest of 1/2 lemon | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven at 350 degrees F. Cut the plums in half, and remove the pits. Place the plums in a baking dish, skin-side down, and sprinkle with sugar, and cinnamon, and grate a little lemon zest over the top. Place the baking dish in the oven and roast for about 30 minutes, or until soft. Serve over warm bread that has been buttered or 'buttered and honeyed.' <END>
INPUT: cylinders, chicken breasts, scallions, roasted peppers, soy sauce, rice vinegar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken, Scallion, and Red Pepper Cylinders | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 large whole chicken breasts, skinned, boned, and halved; 8 scallions; a 6 1/2-ounce bottle roasted red peppers, drained and cut into 1/3-inch slices; 1/4 cup soy sauce; 2 tablespoons rice vinegar; 2 teaspoons superfine granulated sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: Flatten the chicken breasts between sheets of wax paper until they are slightly less than 1/4 inch thick, arrange them skin side down, and halve them lengthwise. With the cut side of the breast facing you arrange 1 of the scallions parallel to the cut side, flank the section with a line of the red pepper slices, and beginning with the cut side roll up the chicken. Trim the ends of the scallion and transfer the cylinder seam side down to a large baking dish. Make 7 more cylinders in the same manner. Flatten the chicken breasts between sheets of wax paper until they are slightly less than 1/4 in <END>
INPUT: Asian, indonesian, burgers, creamy peanut butter, sour cream, lime juice, soy sauce, chuck
OUTPUT: TITLE: Indonesian-Style Burgers with Peanut Sauce | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 6 tablespoons creamy peanut butter; 3 tablespoons sour cream; 2 tablespoons fresh lime juice; 4 teaspoons soy sauce; 1 1/4 pounds ground chuck; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh coriander; 2 teaspoons grated peeled fresh gingerroot; 1/2 teaspoon dried hot red pepper flakes; 4 sesame buns; 4 soft-leafed lettuce leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: In a small bowl stir together peanut butter, sour cream, 1 tablespoon lime juice, and 2 teaspoons soy sauce until combined. In a large bowl blend together ground chuck, remaining 2 teaspoons soy sauce, remaining tablespoon lime juice, coriander, gingerroot, red pepper flakes, and salt and pepper to taste until just combined. Form mixture into four 1-inch-thick patties. When forming patties, handle meat as little as possible for a juicier burger. Prepare grill. Grill burgers on an oiled rack set 5 to 6 inches over glowing coals about 4 1/2 minutes on each side for well-done. (Alternatively, bur <END>
INPUT: French, crusted, asparagus, olive oil, kosher salt, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Baked Mustard-Crusted Salmon With Asparagus and Tarragon | CUISINE: French | INGREDIENTS: 1 bunch thin asparagus (about 1 pound), trimmed; 3 tablespoons olive oil, divided; 3/4 teaspoon kosher salt, divided; 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, divided; 4 (6-ounce) skin-on salmon fillets; 8 teaspoons country-style or whole-grain Dijon mustard; 3 tablespoons panko (Japanese breadcrumbs); 1/4 teaspoon smoked paprika; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh tarragon | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 275°F. Line a rimmed baking sheet with parchment paper. Toss asparagus with 2 Tbsp. oil, 1/2 tsp. salt, and 1/4 tsp. pepper on prepared sheet, then arrange in a single layer on one half of baking sheet. Bake asparagus 5 minutes. Meanwhile, spread each salmon fillet with 2 tsp. mustard. Sprinkle fillets with 1/4 tsp. salt and 1/4 tsp. pepper total. Toss panko with remaining 1 Tbsp. oil in a small bowl. Sprinkle panko mixture evenly onto salmon fillets, then dust with smoked paprika. After asparagus has baked for 5 minutes, remove baking sheet from oven. Place prepared salmon fil <END>
INPUT: sangria, grape juice, vodka, seedless grapes, crisp apple, orange
OUTPUT: TITLE: Beer Sangria | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cups white grape juice; 1 cup vodka; 1 cup seedless grapes, halved; 1 crisp red apple, quartered, cored and sliced 1/4-inch thick; 1 orange, quartered and sliced; Five 12-ounce bottles wheat beer, well chilled | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine the grape juice, vodka, grapes, apples and oranges in a pitcher. Refrigerate at least 1 hour and up to 8 for the flavors to infuse. Fill wine glasses halfway with the grape juice mixture and some fruit. Fill the rest of the glass with beer. <END>
INPUT: double, brownies, semi sweet chocolate, butter, eggs, all purpose flour, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Easy Double Chocolate Chip Brownies | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups semi-sweet chocolate chips; 1/2 cup butter; 3 eggs; 1 1/4 cups all-purpose flour; 1 cup sugar; 1 teaspoon vanilla; 1/4 teaspoon baking soda; 1/2 cup Fisher® Chef's Naturals Walnut Chips | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Grease 13 by 9 inch baking dish. 2. Melt one cup chocolate chips and butter in large heavy duty saucepan over low heat, stir until smooth. Remove from heat. 3. Stir in eggs, flour, sugar, vanilla, and baking soda. Stir in remaining morsels and nuts. Spread into pan. 4. Bake for 18 to 22 minutes. Cool completely in pan on wire rack. <END>
INPUT: fiesta, GOYA® Virgin Olive, GOYA® Adobo All, onion, bell pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fiesta Chicken and Black Beans | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tbsp. GOYA® Extra Virgin Olive Oil, divided; 4 thin-sliced boneless, skinless chicken breast fillets (about 11/4 lbs.); GOYA® Adobo All-Purpose Seasoning with Pepper, to taste; 1/2 red onion, finely chopped (about 3/4 cup); 1/2 red bell pepper, finely chopped (about 1/2 cup); 1 can (15.5 oz.) GOYA® Low Sodium Black Beans, drained and rinsed; 1/2 cup fresh corn kernels; 1 avocado, finely chopped (about 1 cup); 1 tbsp. GOYA® Lemon Juice; 1 tbsp. finely chopped fresh cilantro | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. Heat 1 tbsp. oil in large skillet over medium-high heat. Season chicken with Adobo. Cook chicken, flipping once, until golden brown on both sides and cooked through, 5- 7 minutes. Transfer chicken to plate; tent with foil to keep warm. 2. Heat remaining oil in skillet. Add onions and peppers. Cook, stirring, until tender, about 5 minutes. Stir in black beans and corn. Continue cooking until warmed through, about 2 minutes. Remove pan from heat. Stir in avocado, lemon juice and cilantro until combined. 3. Divide chicken among serving plates; top with black bean mixture. Serve warm. <END>
INPUT: dome, striped bass, egg whites, water, handful parsley
OUTPUT: TITLE: Striped Bass in Salt Dome | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 striped bass, 5 to 6 pounds, gills removed, fins trimmed; 4 egg whites; 1/2 cup water; 2 (3 pound) boxes of kosher salt; 1 handful parsley; 1 fennel bulb, (with stem) quartered; Several sprigs thyme; 1 lemon, sliced thin; 1/2 orange, sliced thin; Olive oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat oven to 450 degrees. Cover the bottom of a baking sheet large enough to hold the fish with parchment paper. Rinse fish inside and out with cold water and drain. Dry with paper towels. Stuff body cavity with herbs and citrus, saving a few lemon slices for garnish. Set aside. Pour 1 box of salt into a large bowl, add egg whites and water, then the second box of salt. Use your hands to work mixture to a mortar-like consistency. Lay down a 1/2-inch thick bed for the fish to lay on with a 1-inch clearance on all sides. Lay the fish on this bed and pile the remainder of the salt mortar on top.  <END>
INPUT: muhammara, sauce, walnuts, chicken drumsticks, salt, pepper, virgin olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken Drumsticks with Muhammara Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons walnuts; 12 chicken drumsticks (3 pounds total); 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/4 teaspoon black pepper; 1/2 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 1/2 cup drained bottled roasted red peppers (from a 7-ounce jar); 1/3 cup fine fresh bread crumbs (from 1 slice firm white sandwich bread); 1 garlic clove, minced and mashed to a paste with 1/4 teaspoon salt; 1 teaspoon pomegranate molasses or 2 teaspoons fresh lemon juice; 1/2 teaspoon ground cumin; 1/8 teaspoon cayenne | INSTRUCTIONS: Put oven rack in lower third of oven and preheat oven to 475°F. While oven is preheating, toast nuts on a baking sheet in oven until golden, 3 to 4 minutes. Pat chicken dry, then put in a large shallow heavy baking pan (1 inch deep) without crowding and rub with salt, pepper, and 2 tablespoons oil. Bake, without turning, until golden brown and cooked through, 30 to 35 minutes. While chicken bakes, blend together bell peppers, bread crumbs, walnuts, garlic paste, pomegranate molasses, cumin, and cayenne in a food processor until as smooth as possible, about 1 minute. With motor running, gradual <END>
INPUT: Dipping, plain Greek yogurt, Juice limes, avocado, jalapeno
OUTPUT: TITLE: Baked Garlic Balsamic Wings with Spicy Avocado Greek Yogurt Dipping Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Dipping Sauce:; 1/4 cup plain Greek yogurt; Juice of 2 limes; 1 avocado; 1 jalapeno, stemmed, seeded and chopped; Kosher salt; Wings:; 2 heads garlic; 4 tablespoons olive oil, plus more for oiling the baking sheets; 4 pounds split chicken wings, wing tips removed; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 3 tablespoons balsamic vinegar; 2 tablespoons honey; 2 sprigs thyme; 1/2 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes | INSTRUCTIONS: For the dipping sauce: Combine the yogurt, lime juice, avocado, jalapeno, 3/4 teaspoon salt and 2 tablespoons water in a blender and puree until smooth. Cover and refrigerate until ready to serve. For the wings: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Drizzle the garlic heads with 1 tablespoon of the oil and wrap in foil. Bake until golden and soft, about 1 1/2 hours. After about a 30 minutes, generously oil 2 rimmed baking sheets. Toss the wings with 2 teaspoons salt and a few grinds of pepper and divide them between the two baking sheets, spreading them in a single layer. Bake until very crispy,  <END>
INPUT: Italian, fettuccine, sauce, daikon, Salt, virgin olive oil, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Daikon Fettuccine with Tomato-Basil Sauce | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound daikon; Salt; 1 (14 1/2-ounce) can plum tomatoes; 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1 small onion, finely chopped; 2 garlic cloves, minced; 1 1/2 to 2 teaspoons sugar; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh basil leaves; Freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: With a swivel-blade vegetable peeler, remove the outer skin of the daikon. Discard the skin. Continue to peel down the length of the vegetable, removing the daikon in long, narrow ribbons, which look like noodles. Soak the "fettuccine" in a bowl of cold salted water for 15 to 20 minutes. Meanwhile, make the tomato-basil sauce: Drain the tomatoes, reserving half of the juice. Squeeze the tomatoes through your fingers to mash them and combine with the juice; there will be about 2 cups. In a heavy medium saucepan, heat the oil over medium-high heat. Add the onion and garlic and saute until soften <END>
INPUT: Asian, lemonade, sugar, piece ginger, lemon juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Ginger Lemonade | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups sugar; One 3-inch piece ginger, sliced; 2 cups freshly squeezed lemon juice | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine the sugar, ginger and 2 cups water in a small pot. Heat over medium heat until the sugar dissolves and the water is hot. Set aside to cool completely. Once cooled, remove the ginger slices. Combine the ginger syrup, lemon juice and 10 cups water in a large pitcher. Stir and then pour into glasses over ice. <END>
INPUT: juice, beets, sugar, chicken stock, unsalted butter, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Rice with Beet Juice | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 beets, scrubbed and trimmed; 1/2 teaspoon sugar; 4 cups chicken stock; 6 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1 onion, finely chopped; 4 garlic cloves, minced; 2 cups long grain white rice; 1/2 bunch Italian parsley, leaves only, finely chopped, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: In a medium saucepan, combine the beets with enough salted water to cover by 3 inches. Add the sugar and simmer, covered, for 2030 minutes, or until tender when pierced with a knife. Drain the beets and remove the skin. In a blender, puree the beets with the chicken stock (you will need to do this in two batches). Set aside. In a large saucepan, heat the butter over moderate heat. Add the onion and saute until soft, about 5 minutes. Add the garlic and rice, and saute another minute. Stir in the reserved beet puree and boil the mixture, stirring occasionally, for 10 minutes, or until thickened  <END>
INPUT: Italian, cappuccino, sugar, vanilla bean, espresso powder
OUTPUT: TITLE: Ricotta Cappuccino | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup sugar; 1/2 vanilla bean; 1 (15-ounce) container ricotta cheese; 1/2 tablespoon instant espresso powder; 1 (3-inch) biscotti, crushed; Pinch ground cinnamon; Pinch cocoa powder | INSTRUCTIONS: Place the sugar in a food processor. Cut the vanilla bean open lengthwise, scrape out the seeds, and place them in the food processor with the sugar. Run the machine to make vanilla sugar. Place the ricotta and espresso powder in the food processor. Blend for 1 minute. Stop the machine to scrape down the sides with a rubber spatula. Blend for another minute. Spoon the mixture into 4 small coffee mugs. Cover and refrigerate for at least 1 hour and up to 1 day. To serve, top the ricotta cappuccino with crushed biscotti. Sprinkle with cinnamon and cocoa powder. <END>
INPUT: soup, acorn squash, shallots, garlic, olive oil, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Acorn Squash Soup | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 whole acorn squash, approximately 8 cups when cooked; 6 shallots, 1 cup diced, 3 left whole and peeled; 6 garlic cloves, peeled; 3 tablespoons olive oil, plus 1/3 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 1 tablespoon salt; 1 tablespoon pepper, freshly cracked, plus more for seasoning; 1 stick unsalted butter, in all; 4 cups chicken stock, low-sodium; 1/4 teaspoon cayenne; 1/4 teaspoon white pepper; 1 teaspoon sage, dry; 1 teaspoon savory; 1 cup heavy cream; 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce; 1/3 cup grated Parmesan | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Cut the squash in half on the equator and remove the seeds with a spoon. Cut a flat spot on each end so the squash will sit flat. Line a baking sheet with aluminum foil and arrange the squash, cut side up. To 3 of the squash halves, add a peeled shallot and to the other 3 add 2 garlic cloves on each. Drizzle with 2 tablespoons of olive oil and season with 1 tablespoon each of the salt and freshly cracked pepper. Roast in the hot oven until very tender and starting to caramelize and collapse, approximately 1 hour. Remove from ove <END>
INPUT: toasts, gingered, unsalted butter, rhubarb, ginger, water
OUTPUT: TITLE: Smoked Duck Toasts with Gingered Rhubarb | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 18 (1/4-inch-thick) diagonal slices of baguette (preferably sourdough); 1 1/2 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted; 6 oz rhubarb stalks, trimmed and cut into 1/4-inch dice; 1 1/2 teaspoons finely grated peeled fresh ginger; 1/3 cup water; 2 tablespoons plus 3/4 teaspoon sugar; 1/4 cup mayonnaise; 1 (3/4-lb) smoked duck breast half*; 18 fresh cilantro sprigs | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 450°F. Brush 1 side of each bread slice lightly with butter, then toast on a baking sheet in middle of oven until golden, about 6 minutes, and cool. Simmer rhubarb, ginger, water, and sugar in a small heavy saucepan, uncovered, stirring gently, until rhubarb is just tender, 2 to 3 minutes, then set pan in a bowl of ice and cold water to stop cooking. Drain rhubarb in a sieve set over a bowl, reserving rhubarb, then whisk together 2 teaspoons rhubarb liquid and mayonnaise. Discard remaining cooking liquid. Remove skin and fat from duck breast. Carve 18 (1/8-inch-thick) slices fr <END>
INPUT: wreath, sugar, pumpkin pie spice, cinnamon, egg
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sweet Biscuit Wreath | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup sugar; 1 tablespoon pumpkin pie spice; 2 teaspoons ground cinnamon; 1 (16.3-ounce) can refrigerated biscuits (recommended: Pillsbury Grands); 1 egg; 1 tablespoon water; 1 cup powdered sugar, sifted; 1/4 cup maple syrup | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. On a piece of kitchen parchment, trace the bottom of your serving bowl that will be in the center of your biscuit wreath. Turn the parchment over and use to line your baking sheet. Set aside. In a bowl, stir to combine sugar, pumpkin pie spice, and cinnamon; set aside. Open can of biscuits and separate into individual biscuits. Sprinkle a rolling surface with some of the sugar-spice mixture. One at a time, press each biscuit into the bowl of sugar-spice mixture. Roll each biscuit on sugared surface to a 5-inch diameter. Using 2-inch and/or 3-inch leaf cutters, cu <END>
INPUT: Mexican, shrimp, water, lime juice, Salt, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Shrimp Braised in Coconut Milk | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 pounds large shrimp (about 28); 1 quart water; 2 tablespoons fresh lime juice; Salt; 2 garlic cloves, chopped; 1 red bell pepper, thinly sliced; 2 medium onions, thinly sliced; 3 tablespoons vegetable oil; 2 cups canned whole tomatoes; 3 tablespoons all-purpose flour; 2 cups well-stirred canned unsweetened coconut milk; 1/2 cup sliced scallion greens; 1/2 cup coarsely chopped fresh cilantro sprigs; Serving suggestions: cooked rice | INSTRUCTIONS: Peel and de-vein shrimp and reserve shells. In a small saucepan simmer shells in water 15 minutes and pour shrimp broth through a sieve into a large measuring cup. Discard shells. While shells are simmering, in a bowl combine shrimp, lime juice, and salt, to taste, and chill, covered. In a large saucepan cook garlic, pepper and onion in oil over moderate heat, stirring occasionally, until softened, about 5 minutes. Drain, seed, and chop tomatoes. Add flour to onion mixture and cook, stirring, 1 minute. Stir in tomatoes, coconut milk, and 2 cups shrimp broth (reserving remainder for another use <END>
INPUT: American, crisps, compote, seedless grapes, sugar, grape juice concentrate, Chinese five spice, containers mascarpone cheese
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pistachio Crisps with Mascarpone Cheese and Grape Compote | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 pounds large red seedless grapes, stemmed, halved; 1/2 cup sugar; 5 tablespoons frozen white grape juice concentrate, thawed; 1/4 teaspoon Chinese five-spice powder; 1 1/2 8-ounce containers mascarpone cheese*; 5 tablespoons powdered sugar; 1/2 large vanilla bean, split lengthwise; 1/2 cup powdered sugar; 1/2 cup shelled natural pistachios; 1 frozen puff pastry sheet (half of 17.3-ounce package), thawed; Small grape clusters; Fresh mint sprigs | INSTRUCTIONS: For compote: Stir grapes and sugar in heavy large skillet to coat. Let stand 5 minutes. Add juice concentrate and spice powder. Bring to boil over medium-high heat, stirring until sugar dissolves. Reduce heat to medium and simmer until syrup thickens enough to coat spoon, about 30 minutes. Pour compote into sieve set over medium bowl; drain grapes well. Transfer grapes to another medium bowl. Refrigerate grapes and syrup separately until cold, about 1 hour. (Can be made 1 day ahead. Cover each; keep refrigerated.) Stir grapes and sugar in heavy large skillet to coat. Let stand 5 minutes. Add j <END>
INPUT: Asian, soup, dumplings, sweet potatoes, canola oil, garlic, shallot, pepper flakes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Miso Soup with Sweet Potato Dumplings | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound sweet potatoes; 1 tablespoon canola oil; 2 cloves garlic, chopped; 1 shallot, chopped; 1/8 teaspoon red pepper flakes; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 4 cups sliced bok choy; 1 cup bean sprouts; 1 cup edamame, shelled; 12 wonton wrappers; 3 tablespoons white miso, plus more to taste; 2 scallions, thinly sliced | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat oven to 375°F. Prick holes in potatoes. Bake on a baking sheet until soft, turning once, about 1 hour. Cool, then peel and mash. Heat oil in a small skillet over medium heat. Cook garlic and shallot, stirring, until fragrant, 1 to 2 minutes. Add pepper flakes. Stir garlic mixture, salt and pepper into potatoes. Place bok choy, sprouts and edamame in a pot with 2 cups water and set aside. Lay 1 wonton wrapper in palm of hand. Drop a heaping tablespoon of potato mixture in the center and make a fist to gather edges. Repeat with remaining wrappers and filling. Set dumplings on top of vegetab <END>
INPUT: Mexican, sunrise, tequila, pineapple juice, lime juice, grenadine, ice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pineapple Sunrise | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 6 ounces white tequila; 12 ounces pineapple juice; 2 ounces lime juice; 2 teaspoons grenadine; Cracked ice; Pineapple slices for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine liquid (in two batches) in a cocktail shaker with cracked ice and shake well. Strain into glasses and garnish with pineapple. <END>
INPUT: soup, pumpkins, pumpkin, chicken broth, water, maple syrup
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pumpkin Soup | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 medium pumpkins (for recipe); 1 large pumpkin (for tureen); 2 cups chicken broth; 1 cup water; 1/4 cup maple syrup; 1 teaspoon cinnamon; 1/2 teaspoon nutmeg; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/2 teaspoon ginger; 1 cup half and half; Toasted pumpkin seeds, optional | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees. Cut the 2 medium pumpkins in half, scoop out the seeds, and place skin-side down on a baking sheet. Bake for 35 to 45 minutes, or until soft. Scoop out the pumpkin flesh into food processor and puree until smooth. Pour pureed pumpkin into a saucepan and add the chicken broth, water, maple syrup and spices. Bring to a boil, then reduce to a simmer and cook for 30 minutes. Meanwhile, cut the top off the large pumpkin to create the soup tureen. The hole should be wide enough to fit a ladle. Hollow out the seeds, checking for holes and lining with plastic, if neces <END>
INPUT: cocktail, apricot brandy, orange juice, lemon juice, gin, ice cubes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Apricot Cocktail I | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 ounces apricot brandy; 1 ounce orange juice; 1 ounce lemon juice; Dash gin; 3 or 4 ice cubes | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine all ingredients in a cocktail shaker and shake vigorously. Strain into a cocktail glass. Combine all ingredients in a cocktail shaker and shake vigorously. Strain into a cocktail glass. <END>
INPUT: orzo, pancetta, shallots, shelled peas petite, dill
OUTPUT: TITLE: Orzo with Peas, Dill, and Pancetta | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 pound orzo (rice-shaped pasta); 3 ounces pancetta (Italian bacon), chopped (about 1/2 cup); 1/2 cup chopped shallots (about 4); 1 cup shelled fresh peas or frozen petite peas, thawed; 5 tablespoons chopped fresh dill, divided; 1 cup low-salt chicken broth; 1 tablespoon Sherry wine vinegar | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook orzo in large saucepan of boiling salted water until tender but still firm to bite, stirring occasionally. Drain. Meanwhile, sauté pancetta and chopped shallots in heavy large skillet over medium-high heat until brown, about 4 minutes. Add peas and 4 tablespoons chopped dill; stir to coat. Add chicken broth and boil until reduced by half, about 4 minutes. Add Sherry wine vinegar; boil 1 minute. Add orzo to skillet; stir to coat. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Transfer to medium bowl; sprinkle with remaining 1 tablespoon chopped dill. Serve warm or at room temperature. Cook orzo in  <END>
INPUT: Mexican, dressing, tomatillos, scallions, garlic, jalapeno pepper, mayonnaise
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tomatillo Dressing | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 4 tomatillos, roughly chopped; 14 cup roughly chopped scallions; 2 cloves garlic; 1 jalapeno pepper, roughly chopped with seeds; 1 cup mayonnaise; 1 cup sour cream; 1/3 cup buttermilk; 12 bunch fresh cilantro, leaves picked; Juice of 2 limes; 1 12 teaspoons salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Place the tomatillos, scallions, garlic, jalapeno, mayonnaise, sour cream, buttermilk, cilantro, lime juice, and salt in blender and blend until smooth. Store leftover dressing, covered tightly, in the refrigerator for up to 1 week.; <END>
INPUT: salad, corn, canola oil, Salt pepper, cherry tomatoes, bell pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Corn Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 ears fresh corn, husked with silks removed; 2 tablespoons canola oil; Salt and pepper; 2 cups halved cherry tomatoes; 1 small red bell pepper, finely chopped; 4 scallions, finely chopped; 2 cups packed arugula; 1 lemon, juiced; 4 tablespoons olive oil; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; Neelys Barbeque Seasoning, recipe follows; 1 1/2 cups paprika; 3/4 cup sugar; 3 3/4 tablespoons onion powder | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat grill or broiler to medium heat. Rub corn with 2 tablespoons of canola oil and season with salt and pepper. Grill or broil corn for 7 minutes or until ears are lightly browned. Remove from grill and allow to cool. Remove the kernels form the cob and place in a large mixing bowl along with the cherry tomatoes, red pepper, scallions, and arugula. In a small bowl, prepare dressing by whisking together lemon juice, olive oil, salt, pepper and Neelys Barbeque Seasoning, to taste. Toss the salad with the dressing and serve at room temperature. Add all ingredien <END>
INPUT: Asian, unsweetened soymilk, ginger, egg yolks, sugar, all purpose flour
OUTPUT: TITLE: Ginger-Pumpkin Soufflé | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cups unsweetened soymilk, not low- or no-fat; 1 tablespoon minced peeled fresh ginger; 4 large egg yolks; 3/4 cup sugar; 5 tablespoons all-purpose flour; 1 cup solid-pack canned pumpkin; 8 large egg whites | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 375°F. Butter 8 6-ounce ramekins. In medium, heavy-bottomed saucepan over medium heat, bring soy milk to boil. Add ginger, remove pan from heat, cover, and let steep 30 minutes. Strain soy milk, discarding ginger, and set aside. In large nonreactive bowl, whisk together egg yolks and 6 tablespoons of sugar. Whisk in flour until well combined. Gradually add hot milk, whisking constantly to prevent curdling. Return yolk mixture to saucepan and set over medium heat. Cook, whisking constantly, until custard boils and thickens enough to coat back of a spoon, 2 to 3 minutes. Transfer <END>
INPUT: omelette, eggs, heavy cream, chives, tarragon, sea salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Omelette with Avocado, Bacon and Monterey Jack | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 eggs; 1/4 cup heavy cream; 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh chives, plus more for garnish; 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh tarragon, plus more for garnish; 1 teaspoon sea salt; 1 tablespoon crushed black peppercorns; 2 to 3 tablespoons unsalted butter; 3 thick slices peppered bacon, cooked until crisp; 1/2 ripe avocado, sliced; 3 slices Monterey Jack; Fresh chervil leaves, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Crack the eggs into a medium mixing bowl and pour in the cream. Add the chives, tarragon, salt and pepper and whisk until well incorporated and foamy. Preheat an 8-inch skillet over medium heat. Add the butter and turn the heat down slightly. With a 4-ounce ladle, add one ladle of eggs to the pan. Immediately begin stirring with a spatula. (Cook's note: This is to heat the eggs through so they set like a custard. Keep swirling them around so the eggs aren't in one spot long enough to burn.) Once the eggs begin to set, stop stirring. Transfer the pan to the ov <END>
INPUT: pudding, Unsalted butter, egg yolks, eggs, sugar, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pumpkin Bread Pudding | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Unsalted butter; 3 egg yolks; 5 eggs; 3/4 cup brown sugar; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 1/2 teaspoon ground nutmeg; 1 teaspoon cinnamon; 1/4 teaspoon ground cloves; 1/4 teaspoon ground ginger; 3/ 4 cup pumpkin puree; 2 cups heavy cream; 1 and 3/4 cups whole milk; 1 tablespoon vanilla extract; 1 loaf pumpkin bread; 1/2 cup raisins | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Butter a small lasagna syle serving dish. In a large bowl, beat the whole eggs with yolks and brown sugar until smooth. Add spices and pumpkin puree and blend until smooth. Add cream, milk and extract. Place one layer of bread in prepared pan. Pour half of the batter over them, making sure to cover the slices thoroughly. Sprinkle almonds and raisins over the first layer and then add another layer of bread on top. Gently pour the remaining batter voer the top of the bread being sure to submerge the bread, pushing them down by hand if necessary. Allow pudding to rest <END>
INPUT: American, philly, sauce, unsalted butter, wheat flour, evaporated milk, smoked Gruyere cheese, canola oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Philly Cheese Steak with Smoked Gruyere Sauce | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup unsalted butter; 1/4 cup whole-wheat white flour; 2 cups evaporated milk; 1 cup smoked Gruyere cheese, shredded; 2 tablespoons canola oil; 1 large Spanish onion, thinly sliced into rings and halved; 1 large green pepper, thinly sliced into rings and halved; 2 pounds rib-eye steak, thinly shaved from butcher (fat included); 1/8 teaspoon seasoning salt; Sea salt; Freshly ground pepper; Extra-virgin olive oil; Vinegar; Dried oregano; 4 soft hoagie rolls, amoroso rolls or steak sandwich bread, split lengthwise | INSTRUCTIONS: For the sauce: Melt the butter in saucepan over medium-low heat. Add the flour and stir until blended. Slowly whisk in the milk until the sauce thickens, stirring constantly, about 5 minutes. Stir in the cheese until melted. For the philly: Heat the oil in a pan over medium-high heat. Add the onions and green peppers, tossing around to flavor the oil, until starting to change color, 10 to 12 minutes. Add the steak and start chopping using a spatula, moving it around the skillet until there's a sprinkling of both browned and red meat. Add the seasoning salt, some sea salt, black pepper, olive o <END>
INPUT: citrus, herbs, tail salmon arctic, kosher salt, grapefruit, lemons, dill
OUTPUT: TITLE: Salt-Baked Salmon with Citrus and Herbs | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 5–6 pound head-and tail-on salmon or arctic char, cleaned; 10 cups kosher salt (from about one 48-ounce box), plus more; 1 grapefruit, thinly sliced; 2 lemons, thinly sliced; 1/2 bunch dill; 1/2 bunch tarragon; 1 small shallot, finely chopped; 1/2 cup dry white wine; 3/4 cup (1 1/2 sticks) chilled unsalted butter, cut into pieces; 2 tablespoons crème fraîche; 1 teaspoon finely grated grapefruit zest; 1 teaspoon fresh grapefruit juice; 1 teaspoon finely grated lemon zest; 3 teaspoons fresh lemon juice, divided; Kosher salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Salmon: Place a rack in the center of oven and preheat to 400°. Season inside of salmon with salt. Stuff with one-third of grapefruit slices, lemon slices, dill sprigs, and tarragon sprigs. Mix 10 cups salt and 1 1/2 cups water in a large bowl, adding more water as needed, until mixture is the texture of wet sand. Spread a thin layer of salt mixture on a rimmed baking sheet roughly the same shape and size as fish. Top salt mixture with another third of grapefruit and lemon slices and dill and tarragon sprigs; set salmon on salt bed and top with remaining citrus and herbs. Pack remaining salt m <END>
INPUT: surprise, all purpose flour, Dutch process cocoa, baking powder, baking soda
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate Peanut Butter Surprise | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups all-purpose flour; 1/2 cup Dutch process cocoa powder; 1/2 teaspoon baking powder; 1/2 teaspoon baking soda; 1/2 cup (1 stick) unsalted butter, room temperature; 1/2 cup vegetable shortening; 1/2 cup granulated sugar; 1 1/4 cups light brown sugar, firmly packed; 2 large eggs; 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract; 1 cup semi-sweet chocolate chips; 1/2 cup smooth peanut butter | INSTRUCTIONS: Sift together flour, cocoa powder, baking powder, and baking soda. Set aside. In the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment beat butter, vegetable shortening, granulated sugar, and 1 cup light brown sugar on medium speed until light and fluffy, about 2 minutes. Add eggs, 1 at a time, mixing until fully combined between each addition. Add vanilla beat to combine. Gradually add dry ingredients and mix on low speed until fully combined. Remove from mixer. Using a wooden spoon, stir in chocolate chips. Cover bowl with plastic wrap and chill until firm, about 1 hour. Heat oven  <END>
INPUT: grissini, rye flour, all purpose flour, baking powder, baking soda, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Salt and Pepper Grissini | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup rye flour; 1/4 cup plus 1 tablespoon all-purpose flour; 1/2 teaspoon baking powder; 1/4 teaspoon baking soda; 1/2 teaspoon sugar; 1 1/2 to 1 3/4 teaspoons kosher salt; 1/4 cup well-shaken low-fat buttermilk; 2 teaspoons unsalted butter, melted and cooled; 1 large egg white, lightly beaten with 1 teaspoon water; 1 teaspoon coarsely ground black pepper; Special equipment: parchment paper | INSTRUCTIONS: Whisk together flours, baking powder, baking soda, sugar, and 1/4 teaspoon kosher salt, then stir in buttermilk and butter with a fork. Transfer to a lightly floured surface and gently knead 5 or 6 times. Preheat oven to 350°F. Form dough into a log and cut into 16 pieces. Roll each piece into a 10-inch-long rope (if dough sticks, lightly flour work surface) and arrange 1/2 inch apart on 2 parchment-lined large baking sheets. Brush breadsticks with beaten egg white and sprinkle with pepper and remaining kosher salt (to taste). Bake in upper and lower thirds of oven, switching position of sheet <END>
INPUT: crusted, leeks, lemon juice, whipping cream, almonds
OUTPUT: TITLE: Almond-Crusted Salmon with Leek and Lemon Cream | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 tablespoons (1/2 stick) butter; 2 medium leeks, halved, thinly sliced (white and pale green parts only); 3 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 1 cup whipping cream; 1 cup sliced almonds, chopped; 1/4 cup chopped fresh parsley; 1 tablespoon grated lemon peel; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/8 teaspoon ground black pepper; 1/2 cup all purpose flour; 6 6-ounce skinless salmon fillets; 1 large egg, beaten to blend; 2 tablespoons olive oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Melt 2 tablespoons butter in heavy large saucepan over medium-high heat. Add leeks; sauté 2 minutes. Reduce heat to low; cover and cook until leeks are very tender, stirring occasionally, about 20 minutes. Increase heat to medium; add lemon juice and stir until liquid evaporates, about 1 minute. Mix in cream. Simmer until slightly reduced, about 2 minutes. Cool slightly. Transfer mixture to blender. Blend until smooth. Strain sauce into same saucepan, pressing on solids to extract as much liquid as possible. Season sauce to taste with salt and pepper. (Sauce can be made 1 day ahead. Cover and  <END>
INPUT: French, spanakopita, spinach, crumbled feta, ricotta cheese, scallions, parsley
OUTPUT: TITLE: Baked Brie Spanakopita | CUISINE: French | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup thawed frozen spinach, squeezed of excess water using a clean towel; 1/4 cup crumbled feta; 1/4 cup ricotta cheese; 1/4 cup thinly sliced scallions; 1/4 cup finely chopped fresh parsley; 2 tablespoons finely chopped garlic; Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper; One 12- to 14-ounce wheel Brie cheese; 3 frozen phyllo dough sheets (18 by 14 inches), thawed; 1 stick (8 tablespoons) unsalted butter, melted | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Combine the spinach, feta, ricotta, scallions, parsley and garlic in a bowl. Season with salt and pepper. Cut the Brie in half through the equator. Place the filling in the center of the cheese and top with the other half. Lay 1 sheet of phyllo onto a work surface and brush with butter. Lay another sheet down and turn it slightly, keeping the center point. Brush with butter. Repeat to make a complete wheel with the last sheet. Brush with butter. Place the cheese wheel in the center of the phyllo and wrap the phyllo, twisting the top vertically. Some pieces ma <END>
INPUT: Asian, chinese, pair chicken breasts, scallion, garlic, salt, soy sauce
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chinese Chicken Breast with Peanuts | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1 pair chicken breasts; 1 scallion; 1 small clove garlic; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1 tablespoon and 1 teaspoon of soy sauce; 1 tablespoon and 1 teaspoon of cornstarch; 1/8 teaspoon monosodium glutamate; 1 teaspoon sugar; Few drops vinegar; 1 teaspoon sherry; 1 slice fresh ginger, minced; Few drops sesame seed oil; 1/4 cup cooking oil; 1/4 cup blanched peanuts; 1/2 to 1 teaspoon hot chili pepper flakes, to taste | INSTRUCTIONS: Cut chicken meat from bone. Peel off skin and discard. Cut meat into dice a little larger than the peanuts. Split scallion lengthwise and cut into 1"-long sections. Cut garlic into slivers. Mix chicken with salt, 1 teaspoon soy sauce and 1 tablespoon cornstarch. In a small bowl mix the remaining soy sauce and cornstarch, monosodium glutamate, sugar, vinegar, sherry, scallion, garlic, ginger and sesame seed oil. Heat oil in frying pan. Add peanuts and stir until golden. Add first hot pepper flakes, then chicken. Ch'ao 1 minute. Stir the mixture in a small bowl until smooth. Add to the chicken a <END>
INPUT: vegetable oil, onions, low salt chicken, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Green Beans with Roasted Onions | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Nonstick vegetable oil spray; 6 medium onions (about 2 1/2 pounds), peeled, each cut vertically through root end into 12 to 14 wedges; 6 tablespoons (3/4 stick) butter; 2 cups canned low-salt chicken broth; 3 tablespoons sugar; 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar; 3 pounds slender green beans, ends trimmed | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 450°F. Spray 2 heavy large baking sheets with vegetable oil spray. Arrange onions in single layer on prepared sheets. Dot onions with 4 tablespoons butter, dividing equally. Season with salt and pepper. Bake until onions are dark brown on bottom, about 35 minutes. Meanwhile, boil broth in heavy large skillet over high heat until reduced to 1/2 cup, about 6 minutes. Add sugar and vinegar and whisk until sugar dissolves and mixture comes to boil. Add onions to sauce; reduce heat to medium-low. Simmer until liquid is slightly reduced, about 5 minutes. Season with salt and pepper.  <END>
INPUT: cream, pops, candy canes broken, cranberry juice, champagne, super fine sugar, vanilla yogurt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Candy Cane Ice Cream Pops | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 candy canes broken into small pieces; 1 cup cranberry juice; 1/4 cup champagne; 2 teaspoons super fine sugar; 2 tablespoons vanilla yogurt; 10 candy canes | INSTRUCTIONS: Break 4 candy canes into small pieces and set aside. Mix together the cranberry juice, champagne, sugar and yogurt in a bowl. Fold in the candy cane pieces and pour into a mold. Put the whole candy cane into the liquid and set in freezer.; <END>
INPUT: stroganoff, toasts, virgin olive oil, assorted wild mushrooms, Coarse kosher salt, vermouth Sherry
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tri-Tip Beef Stroganoff with Wild Mushrooms on Sourdough Toasts | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons (1/4 stick) unsalted butter, divided; 5 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, divided; 1 pound assorted fresh wild mushrooms (such as chanterelle, oyster, crimini, and stemmed shiitake), cut into 1/4-inch-thick slices; Coarse kosher salt; 1/4 cup dry white vermouth or dry Sherry; 1/4 cup crème fraîche or heavy whipping cream; 1 1 1/2-pound tri-tip roast, excess fat trimmed, meat cut against grain into 1/4-inch-thick slices, slices cut crosswise into 3-inch lengths; 1 cup thinly sliced shallots (about 4 large); 1 tablespoon all purpose flour; 1 teaspoon plus 2 1/2 tablespoons tomato paste; 1 cup beef broth; 1/2 teaspoon Hungarian sweet paprika; 6 5 x 3 x 1/2-inch slices crusty sourdough bread; 1/4 cup sour cream; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh Italian parsley | INSTRUCTIONS: Melt 1 tablespoon butter with 1 tablespoon olive oil in large nonstick skillet over medium heat. Add sliced wild mushrooms to skillet; sprinkle with coarse kosher salt and pepper and sauté until mushrooms release juices, about 6 minutes. Increase heat to medium-high; sauté until mushrooms are tender and brown, about 4 minutes longer. DO AHEAD: Can be made 2 hours ahead. Remove from heat. Let stand at room temperature. Add vermouth to mushrooms and boil until almost evaporated but still moist, scraping up browned bits, about 1 minute. Stir in crème fraîche; remove from heat. Season to taste wit <END>
INPUT: Mexican, cakes, eyed peas, water, milk, onion, lime juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Black-Eyed Pea Cakes with Jalapeño Sour Cream | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup dried black-eyed peas; 3 cups water; 3/4 cup whole milk; 1/2 cup finely chopped onion; 3 tablespoons fresh lime juice; 1/2 teaspoon hot pepper sauce; 1 cup all purpose flour; 3/4 teaspoon baking powder; 1/4 teaspoon baking soda; 1 large egg; 1/3 cup sour cream; 1 tablespoon minced seeded jalapeño chilies; 2 teaspoons (about) vegetable oil; Purchased medium-hot salsa | INSTRUCTIONS: Place dried black-eyed peas in medium pot. Add enough cold water to cover by 3 inches; let stand overnight. Drain peas. Return peas to pot. Add 3 cups water. Cover; simmer until peas are tender, stirring occasionally, about 40 minutes. Drain peas, reserving 1/3 cup cooking liquid. Transfer 1 1/4 cups peas to processor and puree until smooth, adding enough reserved cooking liquid 1 tablespoon at a time to help blend. Transfer puree to a large bowl. Mix in milk, onion, lime juice, hot pepper sauce and remaining whole peas. Stir in flour, baking powder and baking soda. Season with salt and pepper <END>
INPUT: American, carpaccio, rolls, Balsamic Glaze, balsamic vinegar, honey, arugula
OUTPUT: TITLE: Beef Carpaccio Rolls with Arugula, Manchego Cheese and Balsamic Glaze | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: Balsamic Glaze; 2 cups balsamic vinegar; 1 teaspoon honey; 1/4 pound arugula, cleaned; 1 tablespoon balsamic vinegar; 2 teaspoons olive oil; Salt and freshly ground pepper; 12 paper thin slices of beef round, pounded; 12 paper thin slices Manchego cheese | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring balsamic vinegar to a boil in a medium saucepan over medium-high heat and reduce it to 1/2 cup, stir in the honey. Let cool. Toss arugula with vinegar and oil and season with salt and pepper to taste. Lay out 1 slice of beef on a flat surface. Place 1 slice of cheese and two tablespoons of the arugula in the middle of the beef and roll up tightly. Repeat with the remaining beef. Place on platter and drizzle with balsamic reduction. <END>
INPUT: American, multi, pastry, gluten free oat, all purpose gluten, granulated sugar, fine sea salt, baking soda
OUTPUT: TITLE: Gluten-Free Multi-Purpose Sweet Pastry Dough | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/4 cups gluten-free oat flour (4.25 ounces); 1/2 cup all-purpose gluten-free flour such as King Arthur (2.75 ounces), plus more for dusting; 1/2 cup granulated sugar; 1/2 teaspoon fine sea salt; 1/8 teaspoon baking soda; 8 tablespoons (1 stick) unsalted butter, cut into small pieces and chilled in freezer for 10 minutes; 2 ounces cream cheese, cut into small pieces and chilled in freezer for 10 minutes; 1 large egg; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract | INSTRUCTIONS: Pulse oat flour, gluten-free flour, sugar, salt, and baking soda in the bowl of a food processor until combined. Add butter and cream cheese and pulse just until they form pea-sized pieces. Whisk together egg and vanilla in a small bowl. With the machine running, add egg mixture to flour mixture and process until the dough just begins to hold together, about 10 seconds. Turn out mixture onto a work surface and push together to form a rough ball. Knead a few times to combine, then divide dough in half and flatten into 2 disks with smooth edges. Cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate until very <END>
INPUT: majorcan, stew, virgin olive oil, sweet onion, bell pepper, garlic, cabbage
OUTPUT: TITLE: Majorcan-Style Vegetable and Bread Stew | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1 large sweet onion (such as Vidalia or Maui), finely chopped; 1 large green bell pepper, chopped; 3 garlic cloves, minced; 6 cups coarsely chopped green cabbage (about 1/2 large head); 1 1/2 cups small cauliflower florets (about 1/4 small head); 2 large tomatoes, seeded, chopped; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley; 1 1/2 teaspoons chopped fresh thyme; 1 1/2 teaspoons chopped fresh rosemary; 1/2 teaspoon sweet paprika, preferably Spanish smoked paprika*; 3 14-ounce cans vegetable broth or low-salt chicken broth; 1 cup coarsely chopped fresh spinach leaves; 8 4x3x1/2-inch slices country-style wheat bread; Oil-cured black olives | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat 2 tablespoons oil in heavy large ovenproof pot over high heat. Add onion, bell pepper, and garlic; sauté until golden and beginning to soften, about 7 minutes. Stir in cabbage and cauliflower; sauté 5 minutes. Add tomatoes, parsley, thyme, and rosemary; sprinkle with salt and pepper. Simmer 5 minutes. Add paprika and stir 30 seconds. Add broth and bring to boil. Reduce heat, cover, and simmer until vegetables are tender, about 20 minutes. Stir in spinach; simmer uncovered 3 minutes. Season to taste with salt and pepper. (Can be prepared 1 day ahead. Cool slightly. Refrigerate until cold,  <END>
INPUT: salad, Two bags carrots, poppy seeds, lemon, oranges
OUTPUT: TITLE: Carrot Raisin Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Two 10-ounce bags shredded carrots, available from the produce department; 1 cup (3 handfuls) raisins; 2 tablespoons poppy seeds (available in the spice aisle); 1 lemon, juiced; 2 oranges, juiced; 1/2 cup (2 handfuls) light brown sugar; Salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine all ingredients well, using your fingers to toss and coat the carrots thoroughly. Transfer to a travel container or serving dish. As the salad sits, the raisins will plump a bit and carrots will take on citrus taste. <END>
INPUT: blondies, unsalted butter, light sugar, vanilla extract, egg, all purpose flour
OUTPUT: TITLE: Strawberry Blondies | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, plus more for the pan; 1 cup packed light brown sugar; 1 1/2 teaspoons vanilla extract; 1 large egg, lightly beaten; 3/4 cup all-purpose flour; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/4 teaspoon baking powder; 1/4 cup butterscotch chips; 1/4 cup chopped walnuts; 3 tablespoons strawberry jam | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line an 8-inch-square baking pan with foil, pressing it into the corners and up the sides; leave an overhang on 2 sides. Butter the foil. Put 4 tablespoons butter and the brown sugar in a large microwave-safe bowl. Microwave until the butter is melted, about 1 minute. Stir in the vanilla. Let cool slightly, then stir in the egg. Whisk the flour, salt and baking powder in a small bowl. Stir into the butter mixture. Stir in the butterscotch chips and nuts and spread the batter in the pan. Drop dollops of jam on top and swirl with a knife. Bake until set, 20 to  <END>
INPUT: Asian, curried, baking potato, canola oil, curry powder, onion, shrimp
OUTPUT: TITLE: Curried Shrimp | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1 large baking potato, peeled and chopped into ½-inch pieces; 1 tbsp canola oil; 2 tbsp curry powder; 1/2 cup thinly sliced onion; 1 1/2 lb large shrimp, shelled and deveined; 1 green bell pepper, cored, seeded and cut into thin strips; 1 mango, cut into thin strips; 1 cup light coconut milk; 2 tbsp fish sauce; 1/2 tsp sriracha; 1 tsp sugar; 1/3 cup chopped fresh basil | INSTRUCTIONS: Sprinkle potato pieces with 1 tbsp water; microwave, covered, until fork-tender, 3 minutes. Heat oil and curry powder in a large skillet over medium heat. Cook onion until soft, 3 to 4 minutes. Push onion to side of skillet. Add shrimp; cook 2 minutes per side. Stir in potatoes and bell pepper; cook until pepper softens, 1 to 2 minutes. Add mango, coconut milk, fish sauce, sriracha and sugar. Simmer 2 minutes. Remove from heat; add basil. Sprinkle potato pieces with 1 tbsp water; microwave, covered, until fork-tender, 3 minutes. Heat oil and curry powder in a large skillet over medium heat. Co <END>
INPUT: Mexican, moroccan, Four tilapia fillets, Salt pepper, cumin, coriander, olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Moroccan-Style Tilapia with Cumin, Mango and Cilantro | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: Four 5-ounce tilapia fillets; Salt and ground black pepper; 2 teaspoons ground cumin; 2 teaspoons ground coriander; 1 tablespoon olive oil; 1 ripe mango, diced; 1/4 cup chopped fresh cilantro leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Season both sides of tilapia fillets with salt and black pepper. Rub cumin and coriander all over both sides of fillets. Heat oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Add tilapia fillets and cook 3 to 5 minutes per side, until fish is fork-tender. Meanwhile, in a small bowl, combine mango and cilantro. Top tilapia with mango mixture just before serving. <END>
INPUT: Vegetable oil, buttermilk, egg, hot sauce, all purpose flour
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fried Onion Strips | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Vegetable oil, for frying; 1/2 cup buttermilk; 1 egg; 1 teaspoon hot sauce; 1 cup all-purpose flour; 1 teaspoon cayenne pepper; Salt; 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 2 Vidalia onions, sliced into 1/2-inch thick strips | INSTRUCTIONS: Place oil in a deep skillet until it comes about 1-inch up the side of the pan. Heat oil to 360 degrees F. Mix buttermilk, egg, and hot sauce in a medium bowl. Mix flour, cayenne, 1 teaspoon salt, and pepper in a bag. Pat onion slices dry and dip in the buttermilk mixture to coat. Transfer slices to bag and toss to coat. Deep-fry onions in batches until golden, about 2 minutes. Transfer to a paper towel-lined plate to drain, sprinkle immediately with salt, and serve. <END>
INPUT: relish, kimchi, sugar, cider vinegar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Caramelized Kimchi Relish | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 cups kimchi, finely chopped; 1/4 cup sugar; 1/2 cup cider vinegar | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat large skillet until very hot. In a bowl, toss half of the kimchi with the sugar and vinegar and add it to the skillet. Cook over high heat until the liquid is thickened and sticky and the kimchi is browned in spots, 5 to 6 minutes. Let cool slightly. Scrape the caramelized kimchi back into to the bowl. Add the uncooked kimchi, then toss and serve. Heat large skillet until very hot. In a bowl, toss half of the kimchi with the sugar and vinegar and add it to the skillet. Cook over high heat until the liquid is thickened and sticky and the kimchi is browned in spots, 5 to 6 minutes. Let cool <END>
INPUT: American, crostata, pears, butter, honey, good quality cheese, slivered almonds
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pear Crostata with Honey, Blue Cheese, and Almonds | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 4 pears, halved, cored, but not peeled; 3 to 4 tablespoons butter; 3 tablespoons honey; 4 ounces good-quality blue cheese, crumbled; 1/2 cup slivered almonds; 1 recipe Basic Pie Pastry, chilled 30 minutes, recipe follows; 1 egg, beaten with a drizzle of cold water; 2 tablespoons sugar; 2 cups all-purpose flour, plus more for rolling; 3 tablespoons sugar; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 1 lemon, zested and finely grated; 3/4 cup (1 1/2 sticks) cold, unsalted butter, cut into small chunks; 1 egg yolk; 2 tablespoons ice water, plus more if needed | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Arrange the pears, cut sides up, on a baking sheet and dot with butter. Put the baking sheet in the oven and bake 25 to 30 minutes, or until the pears are just tender. Let cool. Increase the oven heat to 450 degrees F. Sprinkle the counter and a rolling pin lightly with flour. Roll the dough out to a 14-inch round, about 1/4-inch thick. It doesn't have to be perfect. Transfer the dough to the back of a lightly floured baking sheet. Slice the pears and arrange them on the dough round by overlapping the slices in a spiral fashion, leaving a 2-inch border all ar <END>
INPUT: Asian, all purpose flour, eggs, panko breadcrumbs, chicken cutlets, Kosher salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken Katsu with Ginger Rice | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup all-purpose flour; 2 large eggs, lightly beaten; 1 cup panko breadcrumbs; 4 chicken cutlets (4 to 5 ounces each); Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper; 1 1/2 tablespoons vegetable oil, plus more for frying; 3 cloves garlic, minced; 2 teaspoons minced peeled ginger; 3 heads baby bok choy (about 12 ounces), trimmed and chopped; 3 cups cooked white rice, cooled; 3 scallions, thinly sliced; Katsu sauce, for serving | INSTRUCTIONS: Put the flour, eggs and breadcrumbs in 3 separate shallow bowls. Season the chicken with salt and pepper; dredge each cutlet in the flour, dip in the egg, letting the excess drip off, then dredge in the breadcrumbs until evenly coated. Transfer to a plate. Heat 1/4 inch of vegetable oil in a large nonstick skillet over medium-high heat. Add the chicken and cook until golden brown and crisp, about 4 minutes. Flip and continue cooking until golden on the other side, about 3 more minutes. Remove the chicken to a rack set on a baking sheet to drain; season with salt. Meanwhile, heat 1 1/2 tablespo <END>
INPUT: monument, cafe, water, honey, active yeast, bread flour, wheat flour
OUTPUT: TITLE: Monument Cafe Whole Wheat Zucchini-Herb Bread | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 cup warm water; 2 tablespoons honey; 2 1/4 teaspoons active dry yeast; 2 1/2 cups bread flour; 1 cup whole wheat flour; 1 1/2 cups grated zucchini; 1 1/2 tablespoons olive oil, plus more for bowl; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh herbs, such as rosemary, basil or tarragon (we used rosemary); 2 teaspoons salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine the warm water, honey and yeast in small bowl. Allow the yeast to work. In a large bowl, combine the bread flour, wheat flour, zucchini, oil, herbs and salt. Add the yeast mixture and knead until smooth, by hand or in a mixer with a bread hook (2 minutes on setting one and 2 minutes on setting two). Transfer to an oiled bowl, cover lightly with plastic wrap and let rise in warm, draft-free place until doubled in size. Remove from the bowl and knead 1 to 2 minutes by hand. Place in a bread pan and let rise again until almost doubled in size. Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Bake the l <END>
INPUT: pizzas, wheat pita bread, English muffins, Bagels, Cream cheese, Veggies
OUTPUT: TITLE: "Pita" Pizzas | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Whole wheat pita bread; English muffins; Bagels; Cream cheese; Veggies | INSTRUCTIONS: Spread cream cheese on pita, 1/2 an English muffin or Bagel. Arrange chopped vegetables on top. <END>
INPUT: pork spare, cider vinegar, dark soy sauce, rice wine vinegar, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Dad's Spare Ribs | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 pounds pork spare ribs, on the bone, cut into 1 1/2 by 1 1/2-inch to 1 1/2 by 2-inch pieces; 6 tablespoons cider vinegar; 4 tablespoons dark soy sauce; 2 tablespoons rice wine vinegar; 1 tablespoon sugar; 2 tablespoons honey; Coarsely cracked black pepper, for sprinkling | INSTRUCTIONS: Place the spare ribs, cider vinegar, soy sauce, rice wine vinegar and sugar in a large bowl. Add 2/3 cup water and stir to combine. Place the spare ribs and the liquid in a large pot over low heat. Cover the pot and bring to a gentle simmer. Cook until the meat begins to come apart from the bone, about 40 minutes. Remove the spare ribs from the pot using a slotted spoon. Increase the heat to high and let the sauce reduce until it looks glazy, 5 to 10 minutes. Add the honey and sprinkle with pepper and let the sauce simmer, about 1 minute. Pour the sauce over the spare ribs and mix to combine.  <END>
INPUT: wrapped, Sea salt pepper, spears sized asparagus, rosemary, Good rashers pancetta, good anchovies
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Asparagus Wrapped in Pancetta | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Sea salt and freshly ground black pepper; 24 spears medium-sized asparagus; 4 sprigs fresh rosemary; Good rashers of pancetta; 4 good anchovies (optional); Olive oil; 1/2 lemon; 1 knob butter | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C). Remove the woody ends of the asparagus by bending them at the end and snapping where it clicks naturally. Feel free to boil your asparagus for a minute or so if they are not as tender as they should be. Grab 6 spears of asparagus, sandwich one of the rosemary sprigs and one of the anchovy fillets among the spears, and wrap a slice of pancetta around the middle to hold everything in place. Make three more bundles in the same way , and out them into a small roasting tray or pan with ? lemon. Drizzle with a little olive oil and roast in the pre-h <END>
INPUT: Mexican, blini, salsa, low fat milk, water, sugar, yeast, unbleached all purpose
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cornmeal Blini with Tomato-Corn Salsa | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup plus 2 tablespoons low-fat milk; 2 tablespoons water; 1/4 cup sugar; 1 teaspoon dry yeast; 3/4 cup unbleached all purpose flour; 2/3 cup yellow cornmeal; 1 teaspoon salt; 1/2 cup buttermilk; 2 large eggs, separated; 5 teaspoons (about) vegetable oil; 2 cups frozen corn, thawed, drained; 1 1/2 pounds tomatoes, seeded, chopped; 1/2 small red onion, finely chopped; 6 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro; 2 jalapeño chilies, seeded, minced | INSTRUCTIONS: For Blini: Heat milk and water to lukewarm (105°F. to 115°F.) in small saucepan. Pour into large bowl. Mix in sugar and yeast. Let stand 10 minutes. Stir flour, cornmeal and salt in medium bowl to blend. Stir into yeast mixture. Mix in buttermilk and egg yolks. Cover with plastic and let stand in warm area until very spongy, about 2 hours. Using electric mixer, beat egg whites in another medium bowl until stiff but not dry. Gently fold into cornmeal mixture in 2 additions. Preheat oven to 250°F. Brush large nonstick skillet with 1 teaspoon oil. Heat over medium-high heat. Working in batches an <END>
INPUT: salad, Tropical Dressing, watercress, chayotes, papaya, avocado into cubes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Watercress, Chayote, Papaya, and Avocado Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Tropical Dressing, recipe follows; 1 bunch watercress, cleaned; 2 chayotes, cooked and diced into 1-inch cubes; 1 cup ripe papaya, diced into 1/2-inch cubes; 1 cup ripe avocado into 1/2-inch cubes; Salt and pepper; 1/2 cup deep-fried green plantain slivers, for garnish; 2 tablespoons finely chopped shallots; 3 tablespoons lime juice; 2 tablespoons orange juice; 4 tablespoons sherry vinegar; 1 teaspoon honey; 1/4 cup olive oil; 1 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg; Salt and pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Place some the dressing in a large bowl and gently toss the watercress with the dressing, lightly shaking off excess. Remove to a serving dish. Toss the chayote with some dressing and add on top of the watercress. Repeat this process with the papaya, and then the avocado, tossing them in the remaining dressing. Season with salt and pepper and top with fried plaintain slivers. In a glass jar with a tight-fitting lid, add all the ingredients and shake vigorously to blend. Refrigerate until ready to use. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, minute, virgin olive oil, onion, garlic, Kosher salt, chili powder
OUTPUT: TITLE: 30-Minute Turkey Chili | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1 medium yellow onion, chopped; 5 cloves garlic, chopped; Kosher salt; 2 teaspoons chili powder; 1 teaspoon dried oregano; 1 tablespoon tomato paste; 1 chipotle chile en adobo, coarsely chopped, with 1 tablespoon sauce; 1 pound ground turkey; 1 (12-ounce) Mexican lager-style beer; 1 (14 12-ounce) can whole peeled tomatoes, with their juice; 1 (15 12-ounce) can kidney beans, rinsed and drained; Sliced scallions, cilantro sprigs, avocado, sour cream, grated Monterey Jack cheese, and/or tortilla chips, for garnish, optional | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. Heat olive oil in a large, heavy skillet over medium-high heat. Add onion, garlic, 1 tablespoon salt, chili powder, and oregano and cook, stirring, until fragrant, about 3 minutes. 2. Stir in tomato paste and chipotle chile and sauce; cook 1 minute more. Add turkey, breaking it up with a wooden spoon, and cook until meat begins to brown, about 3 minutes. Add beer and simmer until reduced by about half, about 8 minutes. Add tomatoes-crushing them through your fingers into skillet-along with their juices and beans; bring to a boil. Cook, uncovered and stirring occasionally, until thickened, a <END>
INPUT: crusted, maple syrup, soy sauce, pepper, peanut
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pepper-Crusted Maple-Glazed Salmon | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 cup maple syrup; 1/4 cup soy sauce; 4 (6-ounce) salmon fillets, skin removed; 1/4 cup coarsely ground black pepper (Grind it yourself, or purchase "cracked" pepper at your grocery store); 1/2 teaspoon peanut (or other vegetable) oil, or a spritz of oil spray | INSTRUCTIONS: In a re-sealable bag or a small deep bowl, mix maple syrup and soy sauce. Arrange fillets so that marinade completely covers fish. Marinate in the refrigerator for as long possible (a minimum of 4 hours, but ideally 24 hours to do it justice). Preheat oven to 500 degrees F. Rub oil on a 10 by 10-inch sheet of aluminum foil. Place pepper on a small plate. Remove salmon from marinade and pat topside only into cracked pepper to coat. Place fillets, pepper side up, on foil. Bake on the top rack of the oven for approximately 7 minutes. (Syrup may cause fish to smoke when cooking, do not be alarmed. <END>
INPUT: vinaigrette, breadcrumbs, mayonnaise, hot cherry peppers, wine vinegar, flat leaf parsley, Dijon mustard
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Sea Scallop Skewers with Creamy Hot Pepper and Garlic Vinaigrette with Toasted Breadcrumbs | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup mayonnaise; 1/4 cup hot cherry peppers, chopped; 3 tablespoons red wine vinegar; 3 tablespoons finely chopped fresh flat-leaf parsley; 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard; 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 4 tablespoons olive oil, divided; 2 teaspoons finely chopped fresh thyme; 3 cloves garlic, finely chopped; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 4 slices good white bread, crusts removed and finely processed; 1 teaspoon finely grated lemon zest; 16 to 20 large sea scallops, patted dry; Special equipment: 6-inch wooden skewers, soaked in water | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Put the mayonnaise, cherry peppers, vinegar, 2 tablespoons parsley, mustard, lemon juice, 2 tablespoons olive oil, thyme and garlic in a blender. Season with salt and pepper and puree until fairly smooth. Set aside. Heat the remaining 2 tablespoons oil in a medium saute pan over high heat. Add the breadcrumbs and cook until lightly golden brown. Remove from the heat and stir in the remaining 1 tablespoon parsley and the lemon zest. Season with salt and pepper. Preheat the grill for high heat direct grilling. Skewer 2 or 3 scallops onto 2 skewers so that the scall <END>
INPUT: all purpose flour, Salt salt pepper, virgin olive oil, butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pan-Roasted Halibut with Prosciutto, Lemon, White Wine, and Capers | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup all-purpose flour; Salt and freshly ground salt and pepper; 2 (6-ounce) halibut fillets; Extra-virgin olive oil; 3 tablespoons butter; 2 slices prosciutto, cut into strips; 1/2 cup white wine; 1/2 lemon, juiced; 2 teaspoons capers; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh flat-leaf parsley plus whole sprigs, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Put the flour on a deep plate or in a shallow bowl and season well with salt and pepper. Dredge the fish in the flour. Put a large skillet over medium-high heat, add 1 tablespoon oil and the butter and get the skillet hot. Add the fillets and cook until browned on 1 side, 2 to 3 minutes. At the same time, add the prosciutto and cook, stirring, to brown. Then flip the fish, put the skillet in the oven, and roast until the fish is just cooked through, about 10 minutes. Remove the fish to 2 serving plates. Dump the prosciutto out onto paper towels to drain. Put  <END>
INPUT: wrapped, asparagus, virgin olive oil, pepper, Salt, hickory smoked bacon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pat's Bacon Wrapped Asparagus | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound medium asparagus; Extra-virgin olive oil; Freshly ground black pepper; Salt; 1 pound hickory smoked bacon (do not use thick cut) | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Special equipment: Wooden skewers, soaked in water for 30 minutes Preheat your grill to medium-high direct heat. Trim the asparagus of the woody ends. Place on a sheet tray and drizzle with olive oil. Season with freshly ground black pepper and salt. Wrap bacon slices around each asparagus spear. Skewer both ends of asparagus on each side to secure the bacon. Add 3 to 4 asparagus to each skewer. Grill skewers on direct heat until the asparagus is tender and the bacon is crisp about 15 minutes; halfway through the grilling flip the asparagus. Transfer to a platter <END>
INPUT: French, baby beets, Sherry wine vinegar, olive oil, Kosher salt, shallot
OUTPUT: TITLE: Marinated Beets with Pistachios and Tarragon | CUISINE: French | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound baby yellow or red beets, trimmed, scrubbed; 1/2 cup Sherry or red wine vinegar, divided; 2 tablespoons plus 1/4 cup olive oil; Kosher salt; 1 medium shallot, finely chopped; 1 teaspoon chopped fresh thyme; 1/4 cup raw pistachios, chopped; 2 tablespoons coarsely chopped fresh tarragon | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 425°. Combine beets, 1/4 cup vinegar, 2 tablespoons oil, and 1/4 cup water in a baking dish; season with salt. Cover with foil and steam until beets are tender, 40.50 minutes. Let cool slightly. Rub off skins with paper towels; cut beets into quarters (or 1/2" wedges if larger). Toss beets with shallot, thyme, remaining 1/4 cup vinegar, and remaining 1/4 cup oil in a large bowl; season with salt. Let sit at least 2 hours. Toss with pistachios and tarragon just before serving. Do ahead: Beets can be marinated 2 days ahead. Cover and chill. Preheat oven to 425°. Combine beets, 1/ <END>
INPUT: salad, brown, butter, shallot, wine vinegar, honey, Salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spinach Salad with Honey-Brown Butter Dressing | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 tablespoons butter; 1 shallot, chopped; 1 tablespoon red wine vinegar; 2 teaspoons honey; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 6 loosely packed cups baby spinach | INSTRUCTIONS: Melt the butter in a small skillet over medium heat. Add the shallot and cook until the shallot is tender and the butter turns a light brown color, 2 to 3 minutes. Remove from the heat and stir in the vinegar, honey, and salt and pepper. Pour over the spinach in a bowl and toss. <END>
INPUT: Italian, sandwiches, gazpacho, heirloom tomatoes, piece unpeeled English, onion, celery, salted roasted Marcona
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Heirloom Tomato and Mozzarella Sandwiches with Green Heirloom Tomato Gazpacho | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound ripe green heirloom tomatoes, cored, cut into large chunks; 1 6-inch piece unpeeled English hothouse cucumber, diced; 1/2 cup chopped onion; 1/2 cup chopped celery; 1/2 cup salted roasted Marcona almonds; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 2 large garlic cloves, peeled; 1 tablespoon Champagne vinegar or other white wine vinegar; 1 teaspoon (or more) coarse kosher salt; 8 1/3-inch-thick slices brioche or challah, trimmed to 5x3 inches; 1 8-ounce package smoked mozzarella cheese, cut into 1-inch-wide by 1/8-inch-thick slices; 2 large heirloom tomatoes (preferably Brandywine), cut into 1/4-inch slices; 1/4 cup (1/2 stick) butter | INSTRUCTIONS: For gazpacho: Combine first 8 ingredients and 1 teaspoon coarse salt in processor. Blend to almost smooth puree (some texture should remain). Season with pepper and more salt, if desired. Transfer to medium bowl. Cover; chill at least 3 hours and up to 1 day. Combine first 8 ingredients and 1 teaspoon coarse salt in processor. Blend to almost smooth puree (some texture should remain). Season with pepper and more salt, if desired. Transfer to medium bowl. Cover; chill at least 3 hours and up to 1 day. For sandwiches: Cut each bread slice into rectangle (about 4 1/2 x 2 1/2 inches). Arrange 4 br <END>
INPUT: Italian, cheese, cacio, virgin olive oil, Romano, Salt lots pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cheese and Pepper (Cacio e Pepe) Spaghetti Squash | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 (4 pound) spaghetti squash; 2 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil; 1 cup grated Romano; Salt and lots of coarsely ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: To microwave squash, cut in half and seed. Place 1/4-inch water in a microwave safe dish. Place squash in dish, cut sides down -- sides will overlap. Cover with plastic wrap and microwave on high power 13 minutes. Reserve 1/2 cup liquid in a bowl. Shred squash and add the "spaghetti" to bowl with liquid. To boil squash: cut in half and scrape out seeds. Boil squash until tender, 15 to 20 minutes. Place 1/2 cup cooking water into a bowl, then drain and shred the squash. Transfer to a bowl with reserved liquid. Toss squash with reserved liquid and dress with extra-virgin olive oil, lots of chees <END>
INPUT: Persian cucumbers English, kosher salt, lime juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Honeydew, Cucumber, and Mint Soda | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 (2 1/2-pound) honeydew, cut into 1-inch pieces (about 6 cups); 2 medium Persian cucumbers or 1 English hothouse cucumber, peeled, coarsely chopped; 1/3 cup (packed) mint leaves, plus more for serving; Pinch of kosher salt; 3 tablespoons fresh lime juice; Club soda (for serving) | INSTRUCTIONS: Purée honeydew, cucumbers, mint, and salt in a blender until smooth. Strain through a fine-mesh sieve into a large bowl (do not press on solids, which would make mixture cloudy). Stir in lime juice and chill 1 hour. Divide honeydew purée among ice-filled glasses. Top off with club soda and garnish with mint sprigs. Purée honeydew, cucumbers, mint, and salt in a blender until smooth. Strain through a fine-mesh sieve into a large bowl (do not press on solids, which would make mixture cloudy). Stir in lime juice and chill 1 hour. Divide honeydew purée among ice-filled glasses. Top off with club s <END>
INPUT: bitter, navel oranges, milk, heavy cream, sugar, egg yolks
OUTPUT: TITLE: Bitter Orange Ice Cream | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 large navel oranges, unpeeled, washed, and quartered lengthwise; 2 cups whole milk (480 grams), divided; 2 cups heavy cream (480 grams); 3/4 cup sugar (150 grams), divided; 6 large egg yolks; 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt (2 grams) | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 450°F. Line a rimmed baking sheet with aluminum foil and set a rack on it. Set the oranges, cut side down, on the rack and roast until the skins are blackened and crisp, about 45 minutes, flipping the oranges halfway through the cooking time. Remove from the oven and cool. Fill a large bowl with ice water. Set a small bowl inside with a fine mesh sieve over it. Put the cooled orange pieces into a blender with 1 cup of the milk and purée until smooth, adding more milk if needed to liquefy it. Pour the mixture into a medium saucepan and add the remaining 1 cup milk, the cream <END>
INPUT: soup, turkey carcass, celery, carrots, garlic, onions
OUTPUT: TITLE: Turkey Noodle Soup with Tomatoes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 turkey carcass, broken into large pieces; 2 ribs celery, chopped coarse; 3 carrots, chopped coarse, plus 2 cups sliced carrots pre-cooked; 3 garlic cloves; 2 small onions, quartered; 1 teaspoon black peppercorns; 1 (28-ounce) can plum tomatoes, chopped coarse and drained well in a colander; 6 ounces wide egg noodles; 1/4 cup finely chopped fresh parsley leaves; Salt and pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Make sure all the meat has been removed from the carcass. Set aside. In a large kettle or stockpot combine the carcass, the celery, the carrots, the garlic, the onions, the peppercorns, and enough water to cover the mixture by 2 inches (about 6 quarts) and simmer the mixture, uncovered, for 3 hours. Strain the stock through a large sieve into a large bowl, leaving the solids in the sieve, return the stock to the kettle, and boil it until it is reduced to about 10 cups. When the solids in the sieve are cool enough to handle, remove any turkey meat from the carcass and add it to the stock with c <END>
INPUT: linzer, bars, blanched almonds, confectioners' sugar, all purpose flour, cornstarch
OUTPUT: TITLE: Raspberry Linzer Star Bars | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 1/2 cups blanched whole almonds; 2 cups confectioners' sugar; 2 1/2 sticks (1 1/4 cups) cold unsalted butter, cut into pieces; 3 1/4 cups all-purpose flour; 2/3 cup cornstarch; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1 large egg; 2 1/2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 2 cups raspberry jam; About 3 tablespoons milk; About 3 tablespoons granulated sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. In a food processor finely grind almonds with confectioners' sugar and transfer to a large bowl. In food processor pulse butter with flour until mixture resembles fine crumbs and add to almond mixture with cornstarch and salt, stirring until combined well. In a small bowl beat together egg and lemon juice until blended and stir into flour mixture until combined well. Work mixture with hands until it forms a dough. Pat 1 1/2 cups dough into a disk and chill, wrapped in plastic wrap, 20 minutes. Pat remaining dough evenly into a 17 1/2 by 11-inch jelly-roll pan and <END>
INPUT: stroganoff, Kosher salt, wide egg noodles, unsalted butter, onion, cremini mushrooms
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken Stroganoff | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Kosher salt; 12 ounces wide egg noodles; 3 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1 small onion, chopped; 4 ounces white or cremini mushrooms, sliced (about 2 cups); 1 1/4 pounds skinless, boneless chicken thighs, cut into chunks; 2 tablespoons all-purpose flour; 1 teaspoon paprika, plus more for topping; Freshly ground pepper; 1 cup fat-free low-sodium chicken or mushroom broth; 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce; 1/2 cup sour cream, plus more for topping; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add the noodles and cook as the label directs, then drain. Meanwhile, melt 2 tablespoons butter in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Add the onion and cook until slightly soft, about 2 minutes. Add the mushrooms and cook, stirring, until they begin to brown, about 2 minutes. Add the remaining 1 tablespoon butter, the chicken, flour, paprika, 1 teaspoon salt and 1/4 teaspoon pepper. Cook, stirring, until the chicken browns, about 3 minutes. Add the chicken broth and Worcestershire sauce and bring to a gentle simmer; cook until thickened, about 5 <END>
INPUT: Dijon mustard, garlic, anchovies, Worcestershire sauce, hot sauce
OUTPUT: TITLE: Caesar Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 tablespoon Dijon mustard; 2 garlic cloves, peeled; 3 anchovies; 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce; 1 teaspoon hot sauce; 3/4 teaspoons black or white pepper; Salt; 1/4 cup fresh lemon juice; 1/4 cup freshly grated Parmesan, optional; 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 8 cups loosely packed, torn, washed, and spun dry romaine lettuce; 1/2 cup Caesar salad dressing; 2 loaves pane di casa, cut into 1/2-inch cubes and baked at 450 degrees F for 10 minutes | INSTRUCTIONS: In a blender combine all ingredients except olive oil and blend until smooth. With the motor running, add oil slowly in a stream, creating an emulsion. Place romaine lettuce in salad bowl. Pour dressing over and toss. Arrange on serving dish and top with croutons. <END>
INPUT: crackers, flaxseed, flaxseed flaxseed meal, wheat flour, baking powder, kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Flaxseed, Fig, and Walnut Crackers | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/3 cup whole flaxseed; 1/4 cup ground flaxseed or flaxseed meal (available in the vitamin section of most supermarkets); 1 1/2 cups whole-wheat flour; 1/2 teaspoon baking powder; 1/4 teaspoon kosher salt; 1 tablespoon plus 1 teaspoon brown sugar; 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature; 1/4 cup walnuts, chopped; About 7 dried figs, chopped (1 cup); 1/2 cup soy milk | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. Preheat oven to 325°F. 2. In a mixing bowl, combine the whole and ground flaxseed, flour, baking powder, salt, and sugar. 3. Add the butter and mix on medium speed with the paddle attachment until the mixture has the consistency of coarse crumbs. 4. Fold in the walnuts, figs, and soy milk, and mix until the dough is smooth. 5. Wrap the dough in plastic wrap and chill for 10 minutes. 6. On a floured surface, roll out half of the dough to 1/8 inch thick or thinner. Cut it as if on a grid to form 2-inch squares, then transfer them to an ungreased baking sheet with a spatula. Repeat with the ot <END>
INPUT: Italian, smokey, spread, Four beans, onion, bean liquid, garlic, lemon juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Smokey White Bean Spread with Roasted Garlic and Basil | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: Four 15 1/2 ounce cans white beans, drained and liquid reserved; 1/2 cup chopped onion; 1 cup bean liquid; 2 garlic cloves, peeled and chopped; 3 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 4 teaspoon salt; 1 tablespoon liquid hickory smoke flavoring; 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 10 large basil leaves, chopped; 1 tablespoon finely chopped sage, optional | INSTRUCTIONS: In a food processor, combine the beans, chopped onion, 2/3 cup bean liquid, garlic, lemon juice, salt, smoke flavoring and pepper. Process until smooth, stopping several times to scrape down the sides of the work bowl and adding additional bean liquid if the mixture seems too thick. Transfer to a bowl and stir in the basil and sage. Adjust the seasoning. The spread can be used immediately or covered and refrigerated for up to 3 days. Return it to room temperature before serving. <END>
INPUT: virgin olive oil, unsalted butter, sage, rosemary
OUTPUT: TITLE: Rabbit Ragù | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup plus 1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1 (1/4-lb) piece pancetta (Italian unsmoked cured bacon), cut into 1/4-inch dice; 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh sage; 1 1/2 teaspoons finely chopped fresh rosemary; 1 (3-lb) rabbit, boned by butcher and meat cut into 1-inch pieces (1 1/2 lb boned); 1 medium onion, chopped; 1 medium carrot, chopped; 1 celery rib, chopped; 1 cup light dry red wine such as Pinot Noir; 1 (14-oz) can Italian plum tomatoes in juice, drained and chopped; 1 1/4 teaspoons coarse gray sea salt; 1/2 teaspoon coarsely ground black pepper; Accompaniment: buttered polenta | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat oil and butter in a 12-inch heavy skillet (2 inches deep) over moderate heat until hot but not smoking, then add pancetta and cook, stirring occasionally, 2 minutes. Add sage and rosemary and cook, stirring, 30 seconds. Add rabbit and cook, stirring occasionally, until rabbit is no longer pink on outside, 2 to 3 minutes. Add onion, carrot, and celery and cook, stirring occasionally, until softened, about 5 minutes. Add wine and simmer, uncovered, stirring occasionally, until liquid is reduced to about 1 cup, 10 to 15 minutes. Add tomatoes, sea salt, and pepper and simmer, stirring occasio <END>
INPUT: Colorado lamb chops, virgin olive oil, rosemary leaves, garlic, Kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lamb Chops with Cherry Mint Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 Colorado lamb chops; 1 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 1 tablespoon fresh rosemary leaves; 4 cloves garlic, sliced; Kosher salt; Black pepper; Cherry Mint Sauce, recipe follows; 6 fresh mint sprigs, for garnish; 2 cups dried cherries; 4 cups cabernet; 2 cups mint stems; 1 cup mint leaves, chopped; 1/4 cup sugar; 3/4 cup water; 1/8 cup cornstarch | INSTRUCTIONS: Rinse lamb chops under cold running water and pat dry with paper towels. Place the lamb chops in a large resealable plastic bag and add olive oil, rosemary, and garlic. Let marinate overnight in the refrigerator. Preheat your grill. Remove the lamb chops from the plastic bag and season with salt and pepper. Place the lamb chops on the grill at a 45 degree angle to establish nice grill marks. Once the internal temperature has reached 135 to 140 degrees, remove the lamb chops from the grill and let rest for 5 minutes before serving. Spoon the Cherry Mint Sauce over the meat and serve with mashed <END>
INPUT: French, vegetable oil, roasting chicken, onion, carrots, water
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roast Chicken with Tarragon | CUISINE: French | INGREDIENTS: 2 teaspoons vegetable oil; 1 7 1/2-pound whole roasting chicken, excess fat from tail reserved, neck and heart cut into 1-inch pieces; 1 cup chopped onion; 1 cup chopped peeled carrots; 4 cups cold water; 2 large fresh parsley sprigs; 1 fresh thyme sprig; 6 whole black peppercorns; 1 bay leaf; 1 large shallot, minced; 2 teaspoons chopped fresh tarragon; 2 tablespoons (1/4 stick) chilled unsalted butter, cut into pieces | INSTRUCTIONS: Make chicken: Heat oil in heavy medium saucepan over medium heat. Add reserved chicken fat and sauté until fat is rendered and solid pieces brown, about 8 minutes. Strain rendered fat into small bowl. Reserve solid fat pieces. Freeze 2 tablespoons rendered chicken fat. Heat 1 tablespoon rendered fat in same saucepan over medium-high heat. Add neck and heart pieces and sauté until brown, about 8 minutes. Add 1/2 cup onion and 1/2 cup carrots; sauté until vegetables are tender, scraping up any browned bits, about 3 minutes. Add 4 cups cold water and reserved solid fat pieces. Bring to boil. Add  <END>
INPUT: chinese, duck, Dijon mustard, aged balsamic vinegar, rice wine vinegar, hoisin sauce, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chinese Roasted Duck Salad with Endive, Green Beans and Hoisin-Balsamic Vinaigrette | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard; 2 tablespoons aged balsamic vinegar; 1 tablespoon rice wine vinegar; 6 tablespoons hoisin sauce; 1/2 teaspoon minced garlic; 1/2 teaspoon minced ginger; 2 teaspoons minced shallots; 1/2 cup peanut oil; 1/4 cup olive oil; Salt, to taste; 20 haricots verts, trimmed; 20 snow peas, trimmed; 4 cups mixed greens; 20 endive leaves; 1 cup bean sprouts | INSTRUCTIONS: To prepare the vinaigrette, in a blender combine the mustard, vinegars, hoisin sauce, garlic, ginger, and shallots and puree until smooth. With the machine running, slowly add the oils until incorporated. Season with salt. Refrigerate until needed. In boiling salted water, blanch the haricots verts for about 2 minutes and the snow peas for 1 minute, Transfer to an ice bath to cool. In a bowl, combine the haricots verts, snow peas, greens, endive, sprouts and duck. Toss with 1/2 cup of vinaigrette. To serve, divide the salad among individual plates. Top with the scallions, cilantro and sesame s <END>
INPUT: Italian, herbed, croutons, garlic, oregano, basil, thyme, salt additional taste
OUTPUT: TITLE: Herbed Garlic and Parmesan Croutons | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 2 large garlic cloves, sliced thin lengthwise; 1 teaspoon dried oregano, crumbled; 1 teaspoon dried basil, crumbled; 1 teaspoon dried thyme, crumbled; 1/2 teaspoon salt plus additional to taste; 1/2 teaspoon pepper; 1/2 cup olive oil; 1 loaf of Italian bread, cut into 3/4-inch cubes (about 7 cups); 1/4 cup finely grated fresh Parmesan | INSTRUCTIONS: In a small saucepan combine the garlic, the oregano, the basil, the thyme, 1/2 teaspoon of the salt, the pepper, and the oil and simmer the mixture for 5 minutes, and discard the garlic. In a bowl toss the bread cubes with the oil mixture, spread them in a jelly-roll pan, and bake them in ht e middle of a preheated 350°F oven for 8 minutes. Sprinkle the croutons with the Parmesan and bake them for 7 minutes more, or until they are golden. Sprinkle the croutons with the additional salt and let them cool. The croutons keep in an airtight container for 1 week. Serve the croutons as a topping for  <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, herbed, salad, firmly pimiento stuffed, celery, bell pepper, onion, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Herbed Green Olive Salad | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups firmly packed drained pimiento-stuffed green olives, sliced crosswise; 4 ribs of celery, chopped; 1 red bell pepper, chopped; 1 small red onion, chopped; 1 garlic clove, minced and mashed to a paste with 1/4 teaspoon salt; 1 carrot, quartered lengthwise and sliced thin crosswise; 3 tablespoons minced fresh parsley leaves; 2 teaspoons dried orégano, crumbled; 1/4 teaspoon dried hot red pepper flakes; 2 tablespoons white-wine vinegar; 1/4 cup olive oil | INSTRUCTIONS: In a bowl toss together the olives, the celery, the bell pepper, the onion, the garlic paste, the carrot, the parsley, the orégano, and the red pepper flakes, add the vinegar and the oil, and combine the mixture well. Serve the salad as part of an antipasto or as an accompaniment to cheese, salami, and crusty bread. In a bowl toss together the olives, the celery, the bell pepper, the onion, the garlic paste, the carrot, the parsley, the orégano, and the red pepper flakes, add the vinegar and the oil, and combine the mixture well. Serve the salad as part of an antipasto or as an accompaniment t <END>
INPUT: hour, marinade, lemon juice, soybean oil, sugar, soy sauce, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: 6 Hour Tri-tip Marinade | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup lemon juice; 1 cup soybean oil; 1/2 cup white sugar; 1/2 cup soy sauce; 1/2 cup black pepper; 1/2 cup garlic salt (recommended: Lawry's); 1/2 cup chopped garlic; 1/2 cup chopped dried onions; 2 (4-pound) tri-tips, trimmed | INSTRUCTIONS: To make the marinade, mix all of the ingredients except for the beef in a large mixing bowl. Place the trimmed tri-tips in a plastic container and pour the marinade over. Let stand in the refrigerator for at least 6 hours. Heat grill to medium temperature. Place tri-tips on grill at a 45 degree angle to establish grill marks and cook about 35 minutes, or until cooked to desired doneness. Remove the tri-tips from the grill and let rest about 2 to 5 minutes before slicing. Serve with your favorite side dishes. <END>
INPUT: Italian, Kosher salt, bucatini spaghetti, virgin olive oil, garlic, pepper flakes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Bucatini with Clams and Scallops | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: Kosher salt; 12 ounces bucatini or spaghetti; 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil, plus more for drizzling; 4 cloves garlic, sliced; 1/4 to 1/2 teaspoon red pepper flakes; 1 10-ounce can whole shelled baby clams, drained (juice reserved); 8 ounces bay scallops, thawed if frozen; 1 teaspoon finely grated lemon zest, plus the juice of 1 lemon; 1/2 cup chopped fresh parsley; 1/4 cup grated parmesan cheese, plus more for topping Freshly ground pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add the pasta and cook as the label directs. Reserve 1/2 cup cooking water, then drain. Meanwhile, heat the olive oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Add the garlic, red pepper flakes and 1/2 teaspoon salt; cook until the garlic is lightly golden, about 2 minutes. Add the clams, scallops and lemon zest. Cook, stirring, until the scallops are just cooked through, about 2 minutes. Add the pasta, reserved clam juice, lemon juice, parsley and parmesan to the skillet; cook, tossing to coat, 1 minute, adding the reserved cooking water as needed to lo <END>
INPUT: relish, olive oil, chicken broth, salt, pepper, quick polenta
OUTPUT: TITLE: Polenta with Spicy Sausage and Red Pepper Relish | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons olive oil, divided; 3 cups chicken broth; 1 teaspoon salt; 1/4 teaspoon ground black pepper; 1 cup quick-cooking polenta; 3 tablespoons grated Parmesan; 1 pound spicy Italian sausage; 2 cups canola oil; Fresh parsley leaves, for garnish; 2 small red peppers, small dice; 1 medium onion, small dice; 3/4 cup white vinegar; 2 teaspoon mustard seeds; 1/4 cup sugar, plus 2 tablespoons; 1/2 teaspoon salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Brush a 9 by 13-inch baking sheet with 1 tablespoon olive oil and set aside. In a medium sauce pot bring chicken broth to a boil over medium heat. Add the salt, pepper and polenta and whisk until thick about 4 minutes. Stir in the Parmesan and pour out into the prepared baking sheet, spreading into a smooth layer. Cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate to set up, about 1 hour. This can also be done the night before. In a medium sauce pot combine all the relish ingredients. Cover and cook over medium heat for 30 minutes. Remove the cover and cook for another 30 minutes until thick. Cool to roo <END>
INPUT: shortbread, sugar, vanilla, all purpose flour, salted roasted mixed
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mixed-Nut Shortbread | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 stick (1/2 cup) unsalted butter, softened; 1/3 cup plus 1 tablespoon sugar; 1/2 teaspoon vanilla; 1 cup all-purpose flour; 3/4 cup salted and roasted mixed cocktail nuts, coarsely chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: Put oven rack in middle position and preheat oven to 375°F. Stir together butter and 1/3 cup sugar in a medium bowl with a wooden spoon until combined well. Stir in vanilla, then add flour and mix with your hands just until a dough forms. Transfer dough to a lightly greased baking sheet and spread evenly with your fingers to form an 8-inch square. Sprinkle nuts evenly over dough, pressing down to help them adhere. Sprinkle remaining tablespoon sugar over nuts and bake until shortbread is deep golden, 20 to 25 minutes. Cool on baking sheet on a rack, 10 minutes. Cut into 18 (roughly 3- by 1 1/2 <END>
INPUT: cheesecake, tartlets, graham cracker crumbs, vodka, vanilla extract
OUTPUT: TITLE: Vanilla Cheesecake Tartlets with Vanilla-Vodka Berries | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 1/2 cups graham cracker crumbs; 1/2 cup (packed) dark brown sugar; 1/2 cup (1 stick) unsalted butter, melted; 12 teaspoons vodka; 6 1/2 teaspoons vanilla extract; 1/2 teaspoon unflavored gelatin; 2 8-ounce packages cream cheese, room temperature; 2/3 cup plus 1/4 cup sugar; 2 vanilla beans, split lengthwise; 6 tablespoons whipping cream; 3 cups mixed berries (such as raspberries, blueberries and halved strawberries) | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350°F. Mix first 3 ingredients in large bowl until evenly moistened. Divide mixture among eight 4 1/2 x 3/4-inch tartlet pans with removable bottoms; press over bottoms and up sides. Bake until light brown, about 12 minutes. Cool crusts completely in pans on racks. Mix 8 teaspoons vodka and 4 teaspoons vanilla extract in small saucepan; sprinkle gelatin over. Let stand 10 minutes. Stir ober very low heat just until dissolved. Cool to barely lukewarm. Combine cream cheese, 2/3 cup sugar and 1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract in large bowl. Scrape in seeds from vanilla beans. Beat in c <END>
INPUT: crisp, walnuts, old fashioned oats, cinnamon, flour, light sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Rhubarb Crisp | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup roughly chopped walnuts; 1/4 cup old fashioned oats (not instant); 1/4 teaspoon cinnamon; 3/4 cup flour; 1/3 cup light brown sugar; 1 tablespoon sugar; 4 tablespoons unsalted butter; 2 1/2 pounds rhubarb, cut into 1/2-inch pieces; 1/2 cup plus 2 tablespoons sugar; 3 tablespoons all-purpose flour | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 400 degrees. Set rack in the center of the oven. Prepare the topping by placing all of the topping ingredients into a food processor. Pulse or mix until the mixture is crumbled to the size of small peas; do not over process. Set aside. Pour the rhubarb directly into a large, shallow baking dish and sprinkle with 1/2 cup plus 2 tablespoons sugar and 3 tablespoons of flour to coat evenly. Spread crisp topping over entire surface. Bake until fruit is bubbly and the top is golden brown, approximately 30 to 40 minutes. Serve warm or room temperature, plain or a la mode. <END>
INPUT: bittersweet chocolate, egg yolks, granulated sugar, vanilla extract, egg whites
OUTPUT: TITLE: Classic Chocolate Soufflé | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 ounces bittersweet chocolate, cut into small pieces; 3 egg yolks; 1/2 cup granulated sugar; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; 5 egg whites; Sifted confectioners' sugar; Whipped cream or drambuie-flavored crème anglaise | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. Position the rack in the lowest part of the oven and preheat the oven to 400 degrees. Brush six 3/4-cup ovenproof soufflé dishes with melted butter and invert the dishes to allow excess butter to drip out. Then, pour a little granulated sugar into each dish, turning to coat all sides, tapping out any excess sugar (see page 112). For easier handling, arrange the dishes on a flat baking tray and set aside. 2. In a small heatproof bowl placed over a pan of simmering water, melt the chocolate. When almost melted, turn off the heat and let the chocolate melt completely, stirring occasionally. 3. <END>
INPUT: rolls, bell pepper, Parmesan, beef, pork, Kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cabbage Rolls | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 small green bell pepper; 1/4 cup shredded Parmesan; 2 pounds ground beef (80/20); 1 pound ground pork; Kosher salt; 1 large head green cabbage; 10 strips applewood bacon; 1 medium yellow onion; 8 ounces ground breakfast sausage; 1/2 cup white rice; 1/4 cup ketchup; 1 tablespoon chopped garlic; 1 tablespoon black pepper; 1 tablespoon seasoning sauce, such as Kitchen Bouquet; 1 large egg | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Bring a gallon of salted water to a rapid boil in a stockpot. Remove the core of the cabbage head by cutting about a 3-inch deep cone only around the thick stem, keeping most of the head solidly intact. Place the cabbage de-cored-side down into the boiling water. Place a plate or a smaller pot on top of the cabbage head to keep it from floating. Boil until tender, soft to the touch and bright green, 15 to 20 minutes. Place in an ice water bath to stop the cooking process. Remove the damaged first couple of outside leaves and save for the bottom the pan. Then  <END>
INPUT: American, apricots, apricot halves, orange juice, shelled pistachios, soft mild goat
OUTPUT: TITLE: Dried Apricots with Goat Cheese and Pistachios | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 150 dried apricot halves (2 pounds); 1 1/2 cups fresh orange juice; 1 1/2 cups shelled pistachios, 1/2 of them toasted; 1 pound soft mild goat cheese, chilled | INSTRUCTIONS: Toss apricots with juice and let stand, tossing occasionally, 20 minutes. Chop all pistachios, preferably by hand, and season with salt. Drain apricots, cut sides up, on paper towels. Top each with a small chunk of cheese and sprinkle with nuts. Toss apricots with juice and let stand, tossing occasionally, 20 minutes. Chop all pistachios, preferably by hand, and season with salt. Drain apricots, cut sides up, on paper towels. Top each with a small chunk of cheese and sprinkle with nuts. <END>
INPUT: American, pulled, Boston butt pork, Olive oil, Kosher salt pepper, pepper, Hickory wood chips
OUTPUT: TITLE: North Carolina Style Pulled Pork | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 bone-in Boston butt or boneless pork shoulder roast, 5 to 7 pounds; Olive oil; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper to taste; freshly ground black pepper; Hickory wood chips or chunks; 8 to 10 white hamburger buns; Lexington-Style Barbecue Sauce; North Carolina Coleslaw | INSTRUCTIONS: Grilling Method: Indirect/Medium Heat Soak hickory or other flavor wood chips in water for 30 minutes. Place chips directly on gray-ashed charcoal if using a charcoal grill or in the smoker box if using a gas grill. Lightly oil the pork and season with salt and pepper. Place meat in the center of the cooking grate and cook slowly over low heat for 4 to 5 hours or until an instant-read meat thermometer registers 180°F-190°F. The meat should be very tender and falling apart. You'll know it's done when the bone pulls out clean as a whistle and the meat has shrunk in size. Let the meat rest for ab <END>
INPUT: Mexican, crisp, chips, Bartlett pears, butter, all purpose flour, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Bartlett Pear Crisp with Cinnamon Tortilla Chips and Vanilla Ice Cream | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2 Bartlett pears; Melted butter; 1/2 cup all-purpose flour; 1/4 cup white sugar; 1/4 cup brown sugar; 3/4 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1/4 teaspoon nutmeg; 1/3 cup rolled oats; 6 tablespoons butter; 2 to 3 flour tortillas; Cinnamon-sugar; Ice cream, for serving | INSTRUCTIONS: Slice 2 Bartlett pears in half, brush with melted butter and place skin side down on the grill for 20 minutes. Make a crispy topping by combining 1/2 cup flour, 1/4 cup white sugar, 1/4 cup brown sugar, 3/4 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1/4 teaspoon nutmeg, 1/3 cup rolled oats, add 6 tablespoons cold butter and cut all together with a fork or by hand. When pears are starting to get tender, sprinkle crispy topping on the pears for the last 10 minutes of grilling time. Meanwhile, brush fresh flour tortillas with melted butter and grill 2 minutes each side. Remove from grill, brush a little butter on <END>
INPUT: Indian, chutney, tomatoes, apples, onion, currants, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Green Tomato Chutney Dog | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 pounds green tomatoes, diced; 3 green apples, diced; 1 onion, diced; 1/3 cup currants; 1/2 cup sugar; 1/2 cup brown sugar; 1/4 cup cider vinegar; 1/2 teaspoon ground ginger; 1 tablespoon mustard seed; 2 garlic cloves, minced; 1 jalapeno, seeded and minced; 6 potato hot dog buns (recommended: Marteen's); 6 (1/4 pound) hot dogs (recommended: Hebrew National) | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Combine all the ingredients in a large pot over medium-low heat. Simmer until slightly thickened, about 15 to 20 minutes. Puree the chutney with a stick blender, leaving the mixture slightly chunky. Heat a grill of grill pan over medium heat. Grill the hot dogs until cooked through and toast the buns. Serve the hot dogs in the buns, each garnished with the Green Tomato Chutney. <END>
INPUT: Streusel, sugar, old fashioned oats, walnuts, butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Apple Cinnamon Coffee Cake | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Streusel; 4 cups packed brown sugar; 4 cups old-fashioned oats; 2 tablespoons chopped walnuts; 1 tablespoon butter; Coffee Cake; 1 box (15.3 oz) Betty Crocker Fiber One apple cinnamon muffin mix; 4 cups water; 2 tablespoons vegetable oil; 2 eggs; Glaze; 4 cups powdered sugar; 1 teaspoon water | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat oven to 400 degrees F. Spray bottom only of 9-inch round cake pan with cooking spray. In small bowl, mix all streusel ingredients except butter. Cut in butter with fork until mixture is crumbly; set aside. In medium bowl, stir muffin mix, water, oil and eggs just until blended (batter may be lumpy). Spread in pan. Sprinkle with streusel. Bake 24 to 28 minutes or until toothpick inserted in center comes out clean. Cool 30 minutes. In small bowl, mix glaze ingredients until smooth; drizzle over coffee cake. Serve warm or cooled. <END>
INPUT: macaroons, blanched almonds, light sugar, confectioners' sugar, egg whites, cream tartar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Coffee Macaroons | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 cup blanched almonds; 2 tablespoons light brown sugar; 1 1/2 cups confectioners' sugar; 4 large egg whites, at room temperature; 1/8 teaspoon cream of tartar; 1 tablespoon freeze-dried coffee, dissolved in 1 teaspoon boiling water; 1 cup chocolate Ganache, at room temperature; 2 1/4 ounces bittersweet chocolate; 3 tablespoons plus 1 teaspoon heavy cream | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. In a food processor, fitted with a metal blade, combine the almonds and brown sugar. Process until completely ground. Using an electric mixer, fitted with a whip attachment, whip the egg whites and cream of tartar on low speed until frothy. Add 1 1/2 cups of confectioners sugar. Increase the speed to medium-high and continue whipping until very stiff peaks and the whites just begin to slip and streak around the side of the bowl. Remove the bowl from the mixture and fold in the almond and sugar mixture. When almost completely incorporated, add the 2 teaspoons  <END>
INPUT: American, bars, Butter vegetable oil, batch Our Favorite, All purpose flour, mixed berries, blueberry preserves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mixed Berry Pie Bars | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: Butter or nonstick vegetable oil spray (for pan); 1 batch Our Favorite Pie Dough, divided into 2 discs, chilled; All-purpose flour (for rolling); 3 cups mixed berries, preferably a mix of blueberries and hulled, quartered strawberries; 1 cup blueberry preserves; 3 tablespoons cornstarch; 2 teaspoons fresh lemon juice; 1/8 teaspoon kosher salt; 1 large egg (optional); 2 teaspoons milk (optional); 1 teaspoon coarse sugar (optional); An 8x8x2" baking pan (preferably metal) | INSTRUCTIONS: Butter baking pan and line with parchment, leaving a 1" overhang on both long sides. Roll out 1 disc of dough on a lightly floured work surface to a 13" square. Roll dough loosely around rolling pin, then unfurl into baking pan. Gently lift and settle dough into bottom and up sides of pan. Trim any excess dough that extends past top lip of pan. Chill. Roll out second disc to a 13" square. Transfer to parchment or a large cutting board. Using a ruler or straight edge, cut dough into 10 (1"-wide) strips for lattice, or use a round cookie cutter or glass to cut into circles. Chill both crusts whi <END>
INPUT: topping, garlic, kosher salt, pepper, lemon juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chickpea, Garlic, and Mint Topping | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 (19-ounce) can chickpeas, rinsed and drained; 1 small garlic clove; 3/4 teaspoon kosher salt; 1/4 teaspoon black pepper; 1 1/2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 3 tablespoons torn fresh mint leaves; Accompaniment: pita wedges; 4 teaspoons cumin seeds; 1 teaspoon coarse salt; 2 teaspoons paprika; 1/2 cup olive oil; 6 (6-inch) pitas with pockets | INSTRUCTIONS: Slip skins from chickpeas with your fingers. Mash the garlic to a paste with kosher salt and pepper using a mortar and pestle (or mince and mash with a large knife) then whisk paste together with lemon juice and oil until well blended. Toss with chickpeas, then mash with a fork until mixture just holds together. Let stand at room temperature 1 hour for flavors to develop. Stir in mint. Serve with pita wedges. Cook's Note: Chickpeas can be seasoned and mashed 1 day ahead and chilled, covered. Bring to room temperature, then stir in mint just before serving. Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. In a d <END>
INPUT: bocconcini, water, veal shoulder, all purpose flour, virgin olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Veal Bocconcini with Porcini and Rosemary | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/4 oz (30 g) dried porcini (1 1/2 cups), rinsed; 1 1/2 cups warm water; 13/4 lb boneless veal shoulder, cut into 1-inch cubes; 3 tablespoons all-purpose flour; 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 1 cup dry white wine; 1/2 cup heavy cream; 1/2 cup whole milk; 8 soft dried tomatoes (not packed in oil), cut crosswise into 1/8-inch-thick slices; 1 (1 1/2-inch) fresh red or green Thai or serrano chile, halved crosswise; 2 (4-inch-long) fresh rosemary sprigs; 3/4 teaspoon salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Soak porcini in warm water in a small bowl until softened, about 20 minutes. Lift porcini out, squeezing liquid back into bowl, then rinse porcini (to remove any grit) and cut into 1/2-inch pieces. Pour soaking liquid through a sieve lined with a coffee filter or a dampened paper towel into another small bowl. Pat veal dry. Toss one fourth of veal in flour. Heat oil in a 4- to 5-quart heavy pot over moderately high heat until hot but not smoking, then shake off excess flour and brown veal, turning, until golden brown, about 3 minutes. Transfer with a slotted spoon to a bowl. Coat and brown rem <END>
INPUT: soup, passion fruit puree, orange juice, sugar, Scant gelatin, water
OUTPUT: TITLE: Passion Fruit Soup | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/4 cups passion fruit puree; 1 1/4 cups orange juice; 3/4 cup sugar; Scant 1-tablespoon gelatin; 2 tablespoons water; 3 cups heavy cream, whipped; 2 oranges, juiced; 1/2 lemon, juiced; 1-tablespoon passion fruit puree; 4 scoops fruit sorbet (blueberry is okay); 8 raspberries; 8 blueberries; 1 kiwi, peeled, cut in half and sliced | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Bavarian Cream: In a saucepan, heat the passion fruit puree, orange juice, and sugar until dissolved. Meanwhile, in a small bowl, sponge the gelatin by slowly sprinkling it over the water. Once it has absorbed the liquid, add it to the hot juice and stir to melt and combine. Strain the liquid into a bowl and place it over an ice bath. Stir it constantly with a rubber spatula and when it just starts to set, fold in the whipped cream. Pour this into soup plates or wide bowls and chill. Sauce: In a separate bowl combine the fresh orange juice, lemon juice and passio <END>
INPUT: American, cupcakes, all purpose flour, baking powder, salt, unsalted butter, granulated sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lemon-Raspberry Cupcakes with Raspberry-Balsamic Cream Cheese Frosting | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 3 cups all-purpose flour; 1 tablespoon baking powder; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 2 sticks unsalted butter, at room temperature; 2 cups granulated sugar; 4 large eggs, at room temperature; Finely grated zest of 3 lemons (about 3 tablespoons); 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; 1 cup buttermilk, at room temperature; 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 2 cups fresh raspberries, roughly chopped; Raspberry-Balsamic Cream Cheese Frosting, recipes follows; 1 cup raspberries; 1/4 cup granulated sugar; 4 tablespoons balsamic vinegar | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Line 2 muffin pans with cupcake liners. In a medium bowl, sift together the flour, baking powder and salt. Set aside. In the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, cream the butter and granulated sugar until pale and fluffy. Add the eggs, one at a time, beating well after each addition. Scrape the bowl as needed. Beat in the lemon zest and vanilla extract until combined. With the mixer on the lowest speed, add the flour mixture in three additions, alternating with two additions of the buttermilk and lemon juice. Mix until just combined a <END>
INPUT: heavenly, Vegetable, cinnamon, ginger, Swanson® Chicken Broth
OUTPUT: TITLE: Heavenly Sweet Potatoes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Vegetable cooking spray; 1 cans (40 ounces) cut sweet potatoes in heavy syrup, drained; 1/4 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1/8 teaspoon ground ginger; 3/4 cup Swanson® Chicken Broth (Regular, Natural Goodness™ or Certified Organic); 2 cups miniature marshmallows | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat the oven to 350 degrees F. Spray a 1 1/2-quart casserole with cooking spray. Put the potatoes, cinnamon and ginger in an electric mixer bowl. Beat at medium speed until almost smooth. Add the broth and beat until potatoes are fluffy. Spoon the potato mixture in the prepared dish. Top with the marshmallows. Bake for 20 minutes or until heated through and marshmallows are golden brown. <END>
INPUT: Indian, milk yogurt, knob ginger, cumin, chile flakes, Kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Yogurt Marinated Grilled Chicken with Harissa | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup whole milk yogurt; One 1- to 2-inch knob fresh ginger, peeled and grated; 1 teaspoon ground cumin; 1 teaspoon red chile flakes; Kosher salt; 1 whole chicken, cut in half; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1 lemon, halved; Harissa, recipe follows; 2 teaspoons coriander seeds; 1 teaspoon cumin seeds; 1 teaspoon caraway seeds; 2 tablespoons paprika; 1 teaspoon red chile flakes; 3 cloves garlic, peeled | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. In a large bowl, combine the yogurt, ginger, cumin, chile flakes and salt. Whisk until smooth and pour into a baking dish. Lay the chicken halves, skin-side up, in the yogurt mixture. Cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate for a couple of hours to marinate. Preheat a very clean grill to medium. When the grill is hot, brush with the oil. Remove the chicken from the yogurt, leaving any excess behind, and lay them out on the grill, skin-side down. Cook until the skin is brown and crispy, and then flip. You want to roast them, essentially, on the grill, and avoid "f <END>
INPUT: cream cheese, milk half half, Parmesan, scallions, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Artichoke Dip | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 pound cream cheese, softened; 1/2 cup milk or half-and-half; 1/2 cup freshly grated Parmesan; 2 scallions (white and green), chopped; 1 clove garlic, minced; 2 large eggs, beaten; 1 tablespoon freshly squeezed lemon juice; 2 cups drained jarred or thawed artichoke hearts, patted dry; 1 teaspoon kosher salt; Freshly ground black pepper, to taste; Pinch cayenne; Butter, as needed; Assorted crackers | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. In a food processor, combine the cream cheese, milk, Parmesan, scallions, garlic, eggs, and lemon juice; pulse until smooth. Add the artichokes, salt, pepper, and cayenne, and pulse until just mixed, but still chunky. Transfer the mixture to a buttered, deep 4-cup casserole dish and bake until lightly browned and set, about 1 hour. Serve warm with crackers. <END>
INPUT: high, roller, egg, sesame seeds, oyster mushrooms, shiitake mushrooms
OUTPUT: TITLE: "High Roller" Mushroom Puff Pastry | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 (12 by 18-inch) sheet puff pastry; 1 egg, lightly beaten; 1/4 cup black sesame seeds; 1/4 pound oyster mushrooms, quartered; 1/4 pound shiitake mushrooms, quartered; 1/4 pound portobello mushrooms, cut into 8 pieces; 1/4 cup cooking oil; 1 tablespoon garlic, chopped; 2 tablespoons shallots, minced; Salt; Black pepper; 1 cup white wine; 1 1/2 cups cream | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Cut the puff pastry into 60 even squares. Using a pastry brush, brush each square with the beaten egg. Place the squares on a greased sheet pan. Apply the black sesame seeds to the egg wash on top of the squares in different patterns to make them look like dice. Bake the puffs until golden brown about 12 minutes. Let the puffs cool. Cut the puffs in half horizontally for sandwiching. Clean and cut all the mushrooms. Heat a large saute pan. Add the cooking oil and saute mushrooms in small batches seasoning with garlic, shallots, salt and pepper. Spread sauteed <END>
INPUT: American, cobbler, buttermilk, Unsalted butter, peaches nectarines, plums, light sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Peach-Plum Cobbler With Buttermilk Biscuits | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: For the filling:; Unsalted butter, for the baking dish; 2 pounds peaches or nectarines, peeled, pitted and thinly sliced; 1 pound plums, peeled, pitted and thinly sliced; 2/3 cup packed light brown sugar; 1 tablespoon honey; 1 teaspoon grated peeled ginger; Pinch of kosher salt; 1/4 cup all-purpose flour; For the biscuits:; 1 2/3 cups all-purpose flour, plus more for dusting; 1/4 cup granulated sugar; 1 1/2 tablespoons baking powder; 1/8 teaspoon kosher salt; 6 tablespoons cold unsalted butter, cut into small pieces | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Butter a shallow 2 1/2-quart baking dish. Prepare the filling: Toss the peaches and plums in a medium bowl with the brown sugar, honey, ginger and salt. Sprinkle in the flour and toss to coat. Pour into the prepared baking dish. Make the biscuits: Whisk the flour, granulated sugar, baking powder and salt in a medium bowl. Cut in the butter with your fingers or a pastry blender until the mixture looks like coarse meal with pea-size bits of butter. Add the buttermilk and stir with a fork until a shaggy dough forms. Turn the dough out onto a lightly floured surf <END>
INPUT: breakfast, tarts, all purpose flour, granulated sugar, salt, shortening, unsalted butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grape Jelly Breakfast Tarts | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 cups all-purpose flour, plus more for dusting; 2 teaspoons granulated sugar; 1 teaspoon salt; 4 tablespoons cold shortening, cut into small pieces; 2 sticks cold unsalted butter, cut into small pieces; 1/2 cup grape jelly; 1 large egg, beaten; 1/3 cup milk; 1 tablespoon granulated sugar; Juice of 2 oranges; 2 tablespoons orange liqueur (optional); 3/4 cup confectioners' sugar; Grated orange zest, for topping | INSTRUCTIONS: Make the tarts: Pulse the flour, granulated sugar and salt in a food processor until combined. Add the shortening and about one-quarter of the butter and pulse until they disappear into the flour, about 30 seconds. Add the remaining butter and pulse a few times, until the mixture looks like coarse meal with pea-size bits of butter. Add 1/2 cup ice water and pulse once or twice, until the dough just comes together. Turn the dough out onto a piece of plastic wrap, form into a disk and wrap tightly; chill at least 1 hour and up to 1 day. (For quicker tarts, use refrigerated pie dough and skip thi <END>
INPUT: Asian, peppers, beans look trimmed, Salt, vegetable oil, bell pepper, tamari aged soy
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sesame-Soy Green Beans and Peppers | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 pound green beans - look for trimmed, raw packaged beans in your produce department; Salt; 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 2 turns of the pan; 1 red bell pepper, seeded and thinly sliced; 3 tablespoons tamari aged soy sauce; 2 teaspoons sesame oil; 1 tablespoon sesame seeds | INSTRUCTIONS: Cut green beans into 2-inch pieces on an angle. Place in a skillet. Add water, salt, to taste and cook beans 5 minutes, then drain beans. Place the skillet back on stove and add vegetable oil. Heat pan over high heat until oil smokes. Add the beans and red peppers and stir-fry 2 minutes. Add the soy and sesame oil and transfer to a serving dish. Garnish with sesame seeds and serve. <END>
INPUT: tuscan, onion, wine vinegar, beans steamed boiled, virgin olive oil, Fine sea salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tuscan Tuna and Beans | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 medium red onion, chopped (or 2 scallions, chopped); 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar; 3 cups cooked white beans or 1 pound steamed or boiled green beans; 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil; Fine sea salt; ground black pepper; 8 to 10 ounces canned tuna, packed in olive oil (or fresh tuna, grilled or poached, marinated in extra-virgin); 1 tablespoon chopped parsley | INSTRUCTIONS: Marinate the onion with vinegar for 15 minutes. Drain the onion. Put the beans in a serving bowl. Mix with the onion, extra-virgin olive oil, salt, and pepper. Drain the tuna, break it into flakes or chunks with a fork, and scatter it on top of the beans. Sprinkle with the parsley. Marinate the onion with vinegar for 15 minutes. Drain the onion. Put the beans in a serving bowl. Mix with the onion, extra-virgin olive oil, salt, and pepper. Drain the tuna, break it into flakes or chunks with a fork, and scatter it on top of the beans. Sprinkle with the parsley. <END>
INPUT: Italian, hash, sweet potatoes, olive oil, garlic, onion, bell pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sweet Potato Hash with Fried Eggs | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 3 sweet potatoes (about 2 1/2 pounds); 3 tablespoons olive oil; 3 cloves garlic, chopped; 1 onion, diced; 1 red bell pepper, diced; Kosher salt and ground black pepper; 4 cups baby spinach; 1 tablespoon butter; 4 eggs; 8 fresh basil leaves, torn or chopped; 1/4 cup grated Parmesan | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Place the sweet potatoes on a baking sheet, puncture with a fork, and roast until tender but still slightly underdone, about 30 minutes. Remove from the oven and let cool. Peel and cut into 1-inch cubes; set aside. In a large skillet, heat the olive oil over medium heat. Add the garlic, onions and peppers and cook until soft, about 5 minutes. Add the diced sweet potatoes and some salt and pepper; continue to cook, stirring occasionally, until the potatoes are cooked through, 10 to 15 minutes. Turn the heat to low and stir in the spinach. Melt the butter in a  <END>
INPUT: jollof, parboiled rice, tomato puree, onion, garlic, olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Jollof Rice | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound parboiled rice; 1 can tomato puree-400 grams; 1 onion, sliced; 3 cloves garlic; 4 teaspoons olive oil; 6 small or 3 large red bell peppers, seeded and sliced; 1 bunch thyme, leaves picked; 1 teaspoon white pepper; 8 chicken bouillon cubes (recommended: Maggi or Goya) | INSTRUCTIONS: With blender, blend tomatoes, onions, red pepper, and garlic until smooth. Add bouillon cubes, thyme and white pepper. Add olive oil to the blended paste, and set the mixture aside. Add 4 cups of water into a pot. Wash the rice in hot water until the water is clear. Drain through a fine sieve. Pour the rice and blended mixture into the pot of water and stir with wooden spoon. Set the stove to medium heat and place pot on stove, then let it cook for 45 minutes while stirring every 15 minutes. A viewer, who may not be a professional cook, provided this recipe. The Food Network Kitchens chefs hav <END>
INPUT: American, sandwich, honey, yeast
OUTPUT: TITLE: 50% Whole Wheat Sandwich Bread | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cups (12 ounces/336 grams) water, room temperature (70°F to 90°F); 2 tablespoons honey; 1 3/4 cups (8.7 ounces/244 grams) whole-wheat flour; 1 1/4 teaspoons instant yeast (also known as rapid-rise or bread machine yeast); 1 2/3 cups (8.7 ounces/244 grams) Gold Medal "Better for Bread" flour*; 3 tablespoons non-fat dry milk powder; 2 tablespoons vegetable oil; 1 1/2 teaspoons fine sea salt; *If unavailable substitute 1/2 cup plus 1/3 cup (4.4 ounces/122 grams) bread flour and 1/2 cup plus 1/3 cup (4.4 ounces/122 grams) unbleached all-purp | INSTRUCTIONS: Make dough starter (sponge): In bowl of stand mixer fitted with whisk attachment, whisk together water, honey, whole-wheat flour, and 1/2 teaspoon yeast until very smooth, about 3 minutes. In medium bowl, whisk together "Better for Bread" flour, milk powder, and remaining 3/4 teaspoon yeast. Sprinkle mixture over whole-wheat flour mixture (sponge) in bowl of mixer to form blanket on top of sponge. Cover bowl tightly with plastic wrap and let stand at least 1 hour, preferably up to 4 hours. (Starter can be made ahead and refrigerated, tightly covered with plastic wrap, overnight. There is no ne <END>
INPUT: pudding, Greek yogurt, clover honey pure, pure vanilla extract, vanilla bean, heavy cream
OUTPUT: TITLE: Banana Pudding | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cups 2-percent Greek yogurt; 1 to 2 tablespoons clover honey or pure cane sugar; 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract; 1 vanilla bean, split and seeds scraped; 1/4 cup cold heavy cream; 2 large ripe bananas, thinly sliced; 3 cups almond granola; Ground cinnamon, for sprinkling | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: 6 individual trifle cups Whisk together the yogurt, honey, vanilla extract and vanilla seeds in a bowl until combined. Beat the heavy cream in another bowl just until fluffy, and fold into the yogurt mixture. Layer 6 individual trifle cups with the yogurt cream, sliced bananas and granola, and top with a sprinkle of cinnamon. Serve immediately. <END>
INPUT: trifle, Two packages butterscotch, whiskey, heavy cream, powdered sugar, vanilla extract
OUTPUT: TITLE: Caramel Banana Bread Trifle | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Two 3.4-ounce packages instant butterscotch pudding; 4 tablespoons whiskey, such as Crown Royal, plus more for drizzling; 2 cups heavy cream; 1/2 cup powdered sugar; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; Half an 8-ounce container mascarpone, softened; 1 loaf banana bread, cut into 1-inch-thick cubes; One 9-inch pecan pie, cut into small squares; One 20-ounce bottle caramel sauce; Chopped pecans, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Make the pudding according to package instructions. Stir in 3 tablespoons of the whiskey. Whip the heavy cream to soft peaks, adding the powdered sugar a little at a time. Stir in the vanilla. Whisk the mascarpone to make it light and fluffy. Fold it into the whipped cream. Fold in the remaining 1 tablespoon whiskey. In a trifle dish or punch bowl, place a single layer of banana bread cubes and zucchini bread cubes into the bottom of the bowl. Drizzle over some of the whiskey to moisten the bread. Spread half the pie squares over the top. Evenly spread half the p <END>
INPUT: caramel, crust, skin hazelnuts, all purpose flour, granulated sugar, kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pumpkin-Caramel Tart With Toasted-Hazelnut Crust | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/4 cups skin-on hazelnuts; 1 cup all-purpose flour; 2 tablespoons granulated sugar; 3/4 teaspoons kosher salt; 1/2 cup (1 stick) chilled unsalted butter, cut into pieces; Pinch of cream of tartar; 1 1/4 cups granulated sugar, divided; 1 cup heavy cream; 1 cup canned pumpkin purée; 2 tablespoons light brown sugar; 1 tablespoon all-purpose flour; 1 1/2 teaspoons finely grated peeled ginger; 3/4 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 3/4 teaspoon kosher salt; 3 large eggs | INSTRUCTIONS: Crust: Preheat oven to 350°F. Toast hazelnuts on a rimmed baking sheet, tossing once, until fragrant and slightly darkened, 8–10 minutes; let cool. Using a kitchen towel, rub hazelnuts together to remove most of the skins (don't worry about some stubborn bits remaining). Pulse flour, sugar, salt, and 3/4 cup hazelnuts in a food processor until the consistency of coarse meal. Reserve remaining 1/2 cup hazelnuts for filling. Add butter to dry ingredients and pulse until there are only a few pea-size pieces of butter remaining. Transfer mixture to a large bowl; drizzle 3 Tbsp. ice water over and  <END>
INPUT: curried, popcorn kernels, mild curry powder, Creole seasoning, butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Curried Popcorn | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup popcorn kernels; 2 tablespoons mild curry powder; 2 teaspoons Creole seasoning; 4 tablespoons melted butter | INSTRUCTIONS: Pop the popcorn according to package directions. Place the popped corn in a large brown paper bag. Add the curry powder, Creole seasoning and butter. Shake to coat. <END>
INPUT: American, pudding, sauce, grain bread cubes, Unsalted butter, reduced fat, granulated sugar, orange peel
OUTPUT: TITLE: Bread Pudding with Dates and Orange Whiskey Sauce | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 4 cups whole-grain bread cubes (from about 4 to 5 pieces of sandwich bread); Unsalted butter, for buttering the baking dish; 2 1/4 cups reduced-fat (1 percent) milk; 1/3 cup granulated sugar; 1 teaspoon finely grated orange peel; 1/2 teaspoon ground cardamom or cinnamon; 4 large eggs, beaten; 1/3 cup chopped dates; 1 1/4 cups whole milk; 3 tablespoons brown sugar; 2 tablespoons freshly squeezed orange juice; 1 tablespoon cornstarch; 5 tablespoons whiskey or bourbon; 1 tablespoon unsalted butter; Pinch salt | INSTRUCTIONS: For the bread pudding: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Spread the bread cubes on a large baking sheet and bake, stirring twice, 10 minutes. Let cool (leave the oven on). Butter a 2-quart square baking dish. In a large bowl, whisk together the reduced-fat milk, granulated sugar, orange peel, cardamom and eggs. Add the dry bread cubes and dates; toss to coat the bread with the egg mixture. Pour the egg mixture into the prepared baking dish and let sit for 10 minutes. Using a flat spatula, press the bread down into the egg mixture, then bake until a knife inserted near the center comes out cle <END>
INPUT: Italian, pesto, parsley leaves, tarragon leaves, walnuts, bread crumbs, olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tarragon and Walnut Pesto | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley leaves; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh tarragon leaves; 4 tablespoons roughly chopped walnuts; 1 tablespoon bread crumbs; 1/3 cup olive oil; Salt; Freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Add to a mortar and pestle, the parsley, tarragon, and walnuts. Add the bread crumbs and grind to a paste. Season with salt and pepper and slowly drizzle the olive oil in while stirring. Serve with good crusty bread. <END>
INPUT: filled, served, olive oil, garlic, bell pepper, ancho chiles, slice bread
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Pork Tenderloin Filled with Walnut Romesco and Served with Caramelized Date-Shallot Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons olive oil; 8 cloves garlic, peeled; 1 red bell pepper, roasted, peeled and coarsely chopped; 2 ancho chiles, soaked in boiling water until soft, seeded; 1 slice white bread, crust removed, cut into small cubes; 1/4 cup red wine vinegar; 1/2 cup walnuts, divided; 1/4 cup golden raisins, divided; 1/4 cup dried apricots, coarsely chopped; 2 pork tenderloins (1 1/2 pounds each) butterflied; Salt and freshly ground pepper; Walnut Romesco; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1/2 cup thinly sliced shallots | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat the oil in a medium saute pan over high heat, until smoking. Saute the garlic, bell pepper, chiles, and bread cubes until lightly browned, about 2 minutes each. Stir in half of the walnuts. Remove each ingredient with a slotted spoon as it is done. Deglaze the pan with the vinegar. Place all sauteed ingredients and the deglazing liquid into a food processor and blend until smooth. Add the remaining walnuts, raisins and apricots and puree until smooth and thickened, season with salt and pepper. For the Grilled Pork Tenderloin: Preheat grill or oven to 400 degrees F. Season both sides of th <END>
INPUT: mesquite apple wood, Vegetable oil, Kosher salt pepper, Bobby Flay's Spice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Beer Can Chicken | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups mesquite or apple wood chips, soaked in cold water for 1 hour; 1 (3 to 4-pound) roasting chicken, preferably kosher (since it has been brined); Vegetable oil; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1/4 cup Bobby Flay's 16 Spice Rub for Chicken, or your favorite dry spice rub recipe, divided; 1 (12-ounce) can beer; 2 cloves garlic, crushed; 2 sprigs fresh rosemary | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Prepare a kettle grill with charcoal off to one side for indirect grilling and add the soaked apple wood or mesquite wood chips over the coals. Remove the neck and giblets and pat the chicken dry with paper towels. Brush chicken all over with oil and sprinkle with salt and pepper and 3 tablespoons dry rub. Set aside. Open the beer can, pour out about 1/2 cup of the beer into a cup and drink it (or pour it over the wood chips). Make an extra hole in the top of the can with a church-key can opener. Add the remaining 1 tablespoon dry rub to the beer can (it might fi <END>
INPUT: Asian, shaken, beef tenderloin, garlic, onion, liquid seasoning Maggi, palm sugar sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Shaken Beef | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound beef tenderloin, cut into bite-sized cubes; 4 cloves garlic, finely chopped; 1/4 red onion, thinly sliced; 2 tablespoon liquid seasoning such as Maggi, or soy sauce plus 1/2 tablespoon sugar; 1 1/2 tablespoons palm sugar or brown sugar; 1 tablespoon Asian fish sauce; 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 2 tablespoons clarified butter or vegetable oil; 1 tablespoon Cognac (preferably Courvoisier); 2 ounces shallots, about 4 medium-sized, sliced; 1/3 cup rice vinegar; 2 to 3 cloves garlic, minced; 1 tablespoon Asian fish sauce; 1 tablespoon honey; 2 cups watercress | INSTRUCTIONS: For the shaken beef: Place the beef in a bowl with the garlic, onion, liquid seasoning, sugar, fish sauce and pepper and mix well. Heat a large heavy-bottom pan over medium-high until very hot. Add the butter or oil. Add the beef cubes shaking the pan to coat the meat with the butter or oil. Cook, turning the meat with tongs until browned and seared on the outside but still pink in the center, 3 to 4 minutes (or cook to desired doneness). Add the Cognac and toss the beef before removing from the heat. For the watercress salad: Lightly roast the shallots in a dry saute pan over medium heat unti <END>
INPUT: Italian, catchatory, garlic, virgin olive oil, stems rosemary leaves, stems thyme leaves, pre mushrooms
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken Catchatory-Ravioli Stew | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 3 cloves garlic; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, 2 times around the pan in a slow stream; 2 stems fresh rosemary leaves; 2 stems fresh thyme leaves; 1 cup pre-sliced fresh mushrooms, available in produce section or, Grown Helper may slice for you, about 1/3 pound; Salt and pepper; 1 (15-ounce) can stewed tomatoes with peppers, onions and celery; 2 roasted red peppers, drained; 1 cup tomato sauce; 1 package chopped frozen spinach, defrosted in microwave and drained; 6 cups chicken broth; 1 package chicken breast tenders, 3/4 pound to 1 pound; 1 pound fresh ravioli, any flavor; 1 cup grated Parmigiano-Reggiano or Romano to pass at table; Crusty Italian bread or rolls, to pass at table | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat a big soup pot over medium high heat. Have a GH (grown-up helper) do this for you. WHACK the garlic with a fist or the palm of your hand. Separate the skins from the smashed garlic and throw just the skins away into the garbage bowl. WHACK the 3 cloves of garlic with the bottom of a small saucepan. Add extra-virgin olive oil, 2 turns of the pan, to the soup pot. Throw in the garlic and 2 stems each of the rosemary and fresh thyme herbs. The leaves will fall off the stems and give a delicious and really cool flavor to your special stew. Add the mushrooms, too and help stir as the mushrooms <END>
INPUT: American, rubbed, vegetable oil, spice rub beef, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spice-Rubbed Steak with Quick Garlic Fries | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: About 3 cups vegetable oil; 2 (1 1/4-inch-thick) boneless top loin (New York strip) steaks (about 1 lb each); 3 1/8 teaspoons spice rub for beef; 1 (1-lb) package frozen french fries; 2 large garlic cloves, thinly sliced lengthwise; Special equipment: a deep-fat thermometer | INSTRUCTIONS: Put oven rack in middle position and preheat oven to 450°F. Heat 1 inch oil in a 4- to 5-quart heavy pot over high heat until it registers 375°F on thermometer. While oil heats, pat steaks dry, then rub all over with spice rub (and salt if necessary). Heat 1 tablespoon oil in a 12-inch ovenproof heavy skillet over moderately high heat until hot but not smoking, then sear steaks, turning over once with tongs, until well browned, about 5 minutes total. Transfer skillet to oven and roast 10 minutes for medium-rare. Check oil while searing steaks, and when it registers 375°F, begin frying french f <END>
INPUT: Indian, caramel, Olive oil, unsweetened coconut, canola oil, popcorn kernels, Candied Peanuts
OUTPUT: TITLE: Coconut Curry Caramel Corn | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: Olive oil spray; 1 1/2 cups shredded unsweetened coconut; 3 tablespoons canola oil; 3/4 cup popcorn kernels; 2 cups Candied Peanuts, recipe follows; 2 cups packed dark brown sugar; 1 cup (2 sticks) unsalted butter; 1/2 cup light corn syrup; 3 tablespoons chopped fresh curry leaf, optional; 1 1/2 teaspoons kosher salt; 1/2 teaspoon baking soda; 1 teaspoon cumin seeds; 1 teaspoon black mustard seeds; 1 teaspoon ground turmeric; 1/2 teaspoon ground mace or nutmeg, optional | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the oven to 250 degrees F. Liberally spray an extra-large mixing bowl (not plastic) with olive oil spray. Spread the coconut on a baking sheet and toast it in the oven, stirring it once or twice, until it is golden, about 8 minutes. Set aside to cool, leaving the oven on. Put the oil in a large heavy-bottomed pot, add the corn kernels and set over medium-high heat. Cover and shake the pot occasionally until the popping begins, about 5 minutes. Once the popping starts, shake the pot continuously until the popping slows down dramatically, 3 to 5 minutes. Re <END>
INPUT: Belgian endive, Parsley leaves, good creamy Gorgonzola
OUTPUT: TITLE: Endive & Gorgonzola | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 head Belgian endive; Parsley leaves; 4 ounces good creamy Gorgonzola, at room temperature | INSTRUCTIONS: Carefully peel the leaves from the head of endive, and place them open-side up on a serving platter. Place one leaf of parsley at the base of each endive leaf and 1 tablespoon of Gorgonzola artfully on top of the parsley. <END>
INPUT: slaw, mayonnaise, peanut butter, sugar, wine vinegar, Napa cabbage
OUTPUT: TITLE: Beef Tenderloin with Parsnip Slaw and Thai Peanut Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup mayonnaise; 1/4 cup peanut butter; 1 tablespoon sugar; 1/4 cup white wine vinegar; 1 head Napa cabbage, shredded; 4 parsnips, peeled and grated; 2 carrots, peeled and grated; 1 bunch fresh cilantro, chopped; 1 small onion, diced; 1 clove garlic, minced; 3 tablespoons olive oil; 1 beef tenderloin (about 2 pounds); Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, to taste; 1/4 cup soy sauce; Thai Peanut Sauce, recipe follows | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. In a large bowl, whisk together the mayonnaise, peanut butter, sugar, and vinegar. Add in the cabbage, parsnips, carrots, cilantro, onion, and garlic. Toss to coat with the dressing. Heat a large oven-proof saute pan over medium-high heat and add the olive oil. Season the beef tenderloin with salt, and pepper, and sear on all sides until brown. Transfer the pan to the oven and cook the tenderloin for about 20 to 30 minutes, or until medium-rare and internal temperature is 145 degrees F. Remove the beef from the pan. Place the pan back on medium heat and de-gl <END>
INPUT: purpose, marinade, shallots, onion, garlic, cilantro, parsley
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Chicken with an All-purpose Marinade | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 shallots, quartered; 1 large onion, cut into large dice; 3 garlic cloves, roughly chopped; 1 bunch cilantro, leaves picked; 1 bunch parsley, leaves picked; 6 bay leaves; 12 black peppercorns; 1 tablespoon dry oregano; 1 cup white vinegar; 4 cups salad oil; Salt; 2 boneless chicken thighs, skin on; 2 chicken legs, skin on; 2 chicken breasts with frenched wing bone, skin on | INSTRUCTIONS: Puree shallots, onions, garlic, cilantro, parsley, bay leaves, peppercorns, and oregano with the white vinegar. Add oil, but do not puree, just mix. Season, to taste, with salt. Pour over chicken and marinate overnight in the refrigerator. Grill for approximately 8 minutes on each side. <END>
INPUT: biscuits, self rising soft, unsalted butter, buttermilk
OUTPUT: TITLE: Buttermilk Biscuits | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 cups self-rising soft wheat flour; 10 tablespoons unsalted butter, cut into 1/2-inch pieces and chilled, plus 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted for brushing the tops; 1 1/4 cups buttermilk | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 425 degrees F. Place the flour and chilled butter in a medium mixing bowl. Work the butter into the flour with a pastry cutter, a fork, or your fingertips until the butter pieces are a little larger than an English pea, but not larger than a lima bean. If you are using your fingers, work quickly so that the heat of your hands won't melt the butter. Pour in all of the buttermilk and, using light pressure, fold the mixture a few times with a plastic spatula until it holds together. Do not overmix. In order to make light biscuits, it is important to work the dough as little as pos <END>
INPUT: Mexican, cheeseburgers, pork, chipotle adobo adobo, garlic, Muenster cheese, hamburger buns
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chipotle Pork Cheeseburgers | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound ground pork (not lean); 2 teaspoons minced chipotle in adobo plus 1 teaspoon adobo sauce; 2 garlic cloves, forced through a garlic press; 4 slices Muenster cheese; 4 hamburger buns, toasted; 1/4 cup mayonnaise; 1 large tomatillo (1/4 pound), husked and rinsed, then sliced; 1/2 small avocado, sliced; 1/2 cup cilantro sprigs | INSTRUCTIONS: Prepare a gas grill for direct-heat cooking over medium heat; see Grilling Procedure . Gently mix pork, chipotle, garlic, and a scant teaspoon salt until just combined. Form into 4 (1/2-inch-thick) patties. Oil grill rack, then grill patties, covered, 4 minutes. Flip patties and top with a slice of cheese. Grill, covered, until just cooked through, 1 to 2 minutes more. Spread buns with mayonnaise and assemble burgers with tomatillo, avocado, and cilantro. Prepare a gas grill for direct-heat cooking over medium heat; see Grilling Procedure . Gently mix pork, chipotle, garlic, and a scant teaspo <END>
INPUT: cucumbers, sour cream, herbs, Kosher salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cucumber Sour Cream Dip | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 large cucumbers, peeled, seeded and finely grated; 2 pints sour cream; 1/2 cups chopped herbs (parsley, chives, tarragon, mint, dill, etc., or combination); Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: In a strainer, squeeze out excess liquid from the cucumbers. Mix with sour cream, herbs, and salt and pepper to taste. Refrigerate until ready to use. Variations: Substitute 1 pint good-quality whole milk plain yogurt for one pint of the sour cream. Omit herbs and add one clove minced garlic and approximately1tablespoon cumin, to taste. Or add 4 or 5 finely minced scallions, greens included. One to 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard can be added to either combination. <END>
INPUT: Asian, cake flour, all purpose flour, kosher salt, canola oil, boiling water
OUTPUT: TITLE: Scallion and Ginger Pancakes | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cups cake flour; 1/2 cup all-purpose flour, plus additional if needed; 1 teaspoon kosher salt; 2 tablespoons canola oil; 1 cup boiling water; 2 bunches scallions, green and white parts both, sliced into thin rounds; 6 tablespoons soy sauce; 2 tablespoons sesame oil; 2 teaspoons red wine vinegar; 2 tablespoons grated fresh ginger; 4 cloves garlic, peeled and grated; Canola oil, for frying the pancakes | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. For the pancake batter: Sift together the cake flour, all-purpose flour and salt over a medium bowl. Stir in the canola oil and boiling water. Use your hands to work the dough into a smooth ball. It should be fairly firm. If it isn't, stir in some additional flour. Turn the dough onto a flat surface and flatten it with the palm of your hand until about 1-inch thick. Wrap in plastic wrap and allow it to rest in the fridge while you make the dressing and heat the oil. For the vinaigrette: In a medium bowl, whisk together the soy sauce, sesame oil, red wine vinegar, <END>
INPUT: American, pistachios, wine vinegar, hot smoked Spanish, Kosher salt, beets
OUTPUT: TITLE: Beets with Goat Cheese, Nigella Seeds, and Pistachios | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons chopped raw pistachios; 1/4 cup plus 1 tablespoon white wine vinegar; 3/4 teaspoon hot smoked Spanish paprika, divided; Kosher salt; 1 pound beets, scrubbed, peeled, cut into 1/2" pieces; 4 ounces fresh goat cheese, crumbled, divided; Freshly ground black pepper; 1 teaspoon nigella seeds; Flaky sea salt (such as Maldon); Olive oil (for serving); Nigella seeds are available at Indian markets or online | INSTRUCTIONS: Toast pistachios in a dry small skillet over medium-high heat, stirring often, until golden brown, about 5 minutes; let cool. Combine 1/4 cup vinegar, 1/2 teaspoon paprika, and a pinch of kosher salt in a large saucepan and add water so mixture comes 1" up sides of pan. Fit with a steamer basket and bring liquid to a simmer over medium. Add beets, cover pan, and steam until tender, 30-40 minutes. Transfer to a large bowl and let cool slightly. While beets are still warm, add 2 ounces goat cheese, remaining 1 tablespoon vinegar, and remaining 1/4 teaspoon paprika; season with kosher salt and pe <END>
INPUT: Mexican, sheet, paella, vegetable, short grain rice, low sodium chicken, bay leaf, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sheet-Pan Paella With Chorizo, Mussels, and Shrimp | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: Nonstick vegetable cooking spray; 1 cup short-grain rice (such as Arborio); 1 3/4 cups low-sodium chicken broth; 1 bay leaf; 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 3/4 teaspoon smoked paprika; 1/8 teaspoon saffron; 1 1/2 teaspoons kosher salt, divided; 2 ounces dried Spanish chorizo, casing removed, thinly sliced (about 1/2 cup); 1 shallot, thinly sliced; 4 ounces medium shrimp, peeled, deviened, tails left intact; 1 pound mussels, scrubbed, debearded; 3/4 cup canned chopped tomatoes; 1/2 cup frozen peas; 1/2 cup sliced roasted red peppers | INSTRUCTIONS: Arrange rack in center of oven and preheat to 350°F. Coat rimmed baking sheet with cooking spray. Spread rice on sheet and toast 5 minutes. Meanwhile, bring broth, bay leaf, pepper, paprika, saffron, and 1 tsp. salt to a low boil over medium heat in a medium saucepan. Pour broth mixture into a measuring cup with a spout. Remove rice from oven and stir. Arrange chorizo and shallots evenly over rice and pour broth mixture carefully over. Cover baking sheet with inverted second baking sheet, then bake 20 minutes. Carefully remove top baking sheet, stir rice mixture, and continue to bake, uncovere <END>
INPUT: barbecued, Three frying chickens, salt, cider vinegar, peanut oil, hot sauce
OUTPUT: TITLE: Barbecued Chicken | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Three 2 1/2-pound frying chickens, split; 4 tablespoons salt; 1 cup cider vinegar; 3/4 cup peanut oil; 1 teaspoon hot sauce, such as Tabasco; 1/8 teaspoon black pepper; 1 teaspoon cayenne pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. For the chicken: Put the chicken halves in a very large bowl or deep pot and cover with water. Sprinkle 3 tablespoons of the salt in the water, cover and refrigerate the chickens for 6 hours or overnight. For the BBQ sauce: In a saucepan, mix together the vinegar, remaining tablespoon salt, peanut oil, hot sauce, black pepper, 1/4 cup water and cayenne. Bring this mixture to a boil, stir well and remove from the heat. Drain the chicken, pat dry and place the halves on the grill, skin side up. Baste with the sauce and cook for 30 minutes. Turn the chickens skin si <END>
INPUT: light flavored honey, Scotch whisky, orange fleshed sweet
OUTPUT: TITLE: Wildflower Honey- and Whisky-Glazed Sweet Potatoes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup (1/2 stick) unsalted butter; 1/4 cup light-flavored honey such as wildflower, orange blossom, or clover; 2 tablespoons Scotch whisky; 2 tablespoons (packed) dark brown sugar; 3 pounds orange-fleshed sweet potatoes (yams), peeled and cut into 1-inch chunks; 3/4 teaspoon kosher salt; 3/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 375°F. Butter 2-quart casserole dish. In small saucepan over moderately high heat, combine butter, honey, whisky, and sugar. Bring to simmer, whisking until butter and sugar are melted, then reduce heat to moderately low and simmer, uncovered, 10 minutes. In large bowl, toss potatoes with butter mixture, salt, and pepper. Transfer to prepared dish and bake, tossing occasionally, until tender and glazed, about 45 minutes. Serve warm. Preheat oven to 375°F. Butter 2-quart casserole dish. In small saucepan over moderately high heat, combine butter, honey, whisky, and sugar. Bring  <END>
INPUT: kidney beans, qt. water, onion, vegetable oil, smoked ham
OUTPUT: TITLE: Red Beans | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 lb. red kidney beans; 2 qt. water; 1 large onion (chopped); 1/4 cup vegetable oil; 1 lb. smoked ham (cubed); 1 lb. smoked sausages (in 1/2-inch slices); 1 cup water; 1 tbsp. chopped garlic; 1 bay leaf; 1 tbsp. black pepper; 2 tbsp. chopped parsley; 1 tsp. whole thyme leaves; 2 level tbsp. salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Pick through beans, removing all bad beans or any other particles. Wash beans well. Place beans in a 5-quart pot. Add the 2 quarts of water. Add onions; bring to a boil. Lower heat and let beans boil slowly for 1 hour. When beans are soft, stir well, mashing some against the side of the pot. Heat oil in frying pan; add ham and sausage. Sauté in oil for 5 mintues. Then add the sausage, ham, and oil to beans. Deglaze pan with the cup of water, then pour into beans. Add all other ingredients. Let simmer for 30 minutes. Beans should be nice and creamy. Serve over rice. Pick through beans, removing <END>
INPUT: wild, soup, fennel bulbs, virgin olive oil, Sea salt pepper, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Wild Mushroom Soup with Chestnuts and Roasted Fennel | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 small fennel bulbs, stalks removed, halved lengthwise; Extra-virgin olive oil; Sea salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1/4 cup (1/2 stick) unsalted butter; 1 large onion, chopped; 4 garlic cloves, minced; 1/2 bunch fresh thyme sprigs, leaves stripped from the stem; 1 pound white button mushrooms, wiped of grit and coarsely chopped; 1 pound oyster mushrooms, wiped of grit and coarsely chopped; 1 pound chanterelle mushrooms, wiped of grit and coarsely chopped; 1 pound cooked chestnuts; 3 quarts chicken stock; 1/2 cup heavy cream; Fresh chopped chives, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Put the fennel halves, cut-side up, in a baking dish and drizzle with enough olive oil to come up half-way; season with a generous amount of salt and pepper. Roast for 30 minutes or until completely tender - the roasted fennel is the base of the soup, so it's important the flesh is soft enough to be cut with a spoon. Reserve until ready to serve. In a large pot, melt the butter over medium flame, add the onion and garlic, and saute for 4 minutes until translucent. Toss the thyme into the pan, along with the mushrooms, season wit <END>
INPUT: wrapped, prosciutto, seedless grapes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grapes Wrapped in Prosciutto | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 pound prosciutto, thinly sliced; 1 medium bunch white seedless grapes, separated; 1 medium bunch seedless red grapes, separated | INSTRUCTIONS: Cut prosciutto into 1-inch strips. Wrap prosciutto around each grape and skewer with a toothpick. TIP: FROZEN GRAPES 1 bunch white seedless grapes Separate grapes from the vine and place in a sealable freezer bag. Place in freezer for 3 hours, and up to 2 weeks. Remove from bag and enjoy. <END>
INPUT: tamarind pulp, boiling water, orange juice, rice vinegar, honey
OUTPUT: TITLE: Shrimp Pad Thai | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons tamarind pulp; 1 cup boiling water; 1/4 cup fresh orange juice; 3 tablespoon rice vinegar; 1 tablespoon honey; 1/4 cup fresh Thai basil leaves; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1/2 cup canola oil; 1 pound shrimp (21-25) size, shelled and deveined; 12 ounces dried flat rice noodles (1/4-inch wide; sometimes called pad Thai or banh pho); 3 tablespoons tamarind (from a pliable block); 1 cup boiling water; 1/2 cup light soy sauce; 1/4 cup packed Muscavado light brown sugar; 2 tablespoons hot sauce (recommended: Sriracha) | INSTRUCTIONS: Place tamarind in a bowl, cover with the boiling water and let sit until softened. Press the pulp through a sieve into a bowl and discard seeds and solids. Combine orange juice, tamarind pulp, vinegar, honey, basil and salt and pepper in a blender and blend until smooth. Strain the mixture through a mesh strainer. Return to the blender, with the motor running, slowly add 6 tablespoons of the oil and blend until emulsified. Heat remaining 2 tablespoons of the oil in a large nonstick saute pan over high heat. Season shrimp on both sides with salt and pepper and add to the pan. Stir in the tamari <END>
INPUT: soup, onions, mild flavored oil, port, chicken stock, Salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Onion Soup | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 medium onions; 3 tablespoons mild-flavored oil, such as almond or safflower; 1/2 cup port; 8 cups chicken stock; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 bouquet garni (fresh thyme, bay leaf, and celery stalk tied together); 12 (1/4-inch thick) slices French bread, toasted; 3 cups grated Gruyere | INSTRUCTIONS: Thinly slice the onions. Heat a 6-quart stockpot. Add the oil and heat. Add the onions and saute until golden brown over medium-low heat, about 25 to 30 minutes. Deglaze the pan with port. Add stock, salt, pepper, and bouquet garni, and simmer for 30 to 40 minutes. Preheat the broiler. Pour the soup into 6 oven-proof bowls. Top each bowl with 2 slices of bread and sprinkle with the cheese. Brown under the broiler until the cheese is golden brown and bubbly. <END>
INPUT: Asian, sugar snap peas, Dark sesame oil, sesame seeds, Kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sugar Snap Peas with Sesame | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound sugar snap peas; Dark sesame oil; Black sesame seeds; Kosher salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Pick through the sugar snap peas to remove any that aren't perfect. Remove and discard the stem end and the string from each pod. Toss the snap peas in a bowl with sesame oil, sesame seeds, and kosher salt, to taste. Serve at room temperature. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, tacos, salad, jarred salsa, Juice limes, vegetable oil, sour cream
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken Tacos with Avocado Salad | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/4 pounds skinless, boneless chicken thighs (about 6); 1 cup jarred salsa; Juice of 2 limes, plus wedges for serving; 1/4 cup vegetable oil; 1/4 cup sour cream; 1 bunch cilantro, leaves chopped (about 3/4 cup); Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper; 1 14-ounce can hearts of palm, drained and sliced 1/2 inch thick; 1 avocado, chopped; 6 radishes, thinly sliced; 16 corn tortillas; Shredded lettuce and/or diced red onion, for topping | INSTRUCTIONS: Toss the chicken with 1/2 cup salsa, the juice of 1 lime and 1 tablespoon vegetable oil in a large bowl; let marinate 10 minutes. Mix the remaining 1/2 cup salsa, the sour cream and 2 tablespoons cilantro in a small bowl; season with salt and pepper. Cover and refrigerate. Gently toss the hearts of palm, avocado, radishes, the remaining cilantro, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil and the juice of the remaining lime in a medium bowl; season with salt and pepper. Heat the remaining 2 tablespoons vegetable oil in a large cast-iron skillet or grill pan over medium-high heat. Add the chicken along with th <END>
INPUT: squeeze, Ice cubes, shots Campari, splashes grapefruit juice, splashes soda, orange peels
OUTPUT: TITLE: Campari Squeeze | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Ice cubes; 2 shots Campari; 2 splashes red grapefruit juice; 2 splashes club soda; 2 orange peels | INSTRUCTIONS: Fill a cocktail shaker with ice. Add the Campari and red grapefruit and shake. Pour into 2 glasses filled with ice. Top off with some club soda and garnish with an orange peel. Serve. <END>
INPUT: frittata, eggs, heavy cream, Gruyere cheese, Kosher salt pepper, unsalted butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Smoked Ham, Gruyere and Caramelized Onion Frittata | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 8 extra-large eggs; 2 tablespoons heavy cream; 1 cup grated Gruyere cheese; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 tablespoon unsalted butter; 1 small onion, diced; 4 small red potatoes, diced; 1 cup diced smoked ham or Canadian bacon; 1 cup grated Parmigiano-Reggiano, for finishing top; 1/4 cup sour cream; 1 bunch chives, chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. In a large bowl, whisk together eggs, cream, Gruyere cheese, salt, and pepper until foamy. Melt butter in a cast iron pan over medium heat. Add the onion and potatoes and cook thoroughly. Pour the egg mixture over the top. Pull the edges away from the sides of the pan with a spatula so the eggs flow to the bottom of the pan. When the frittata is half set, add the ham. Transfer the pan to the heated oven. Bake for 10 minutes until puffed and golden. Shower with grated Parmesan and serve garnished with sour cream and chives. <END>
INPUT: Italian, ruffled, herbed, Parmigiano Reggiano, parsley, oregano, sage
OUTPUT: TITLE: Ruffled Pasta with Herbed Ricotta and Pine Nut Brown Butter | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 (15-oz) container whole-milk or part-skim ricotta (scant 2 cups); 1/3 cup finely grated Parmigiano-Reggiano (1 oz); 3 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh oregano; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh sage; 1/2 teaspoon coarsely ground black pepper; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1 lb mafalde noodles, each noodle broken into thirds, or campanelle pasta; 3 tablespoons unsalted butter; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1/3 cup pine nuts (1 3/4 oz), coarsely chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: Stir together ricotta, Parmigiano-Reggiano, herbs, pepper, and 1/4 teaspoon salt in a large serving bowl. Cook pasta in a 6- to 8-quart pot of boiling salted water until al dente. Reserve 1 cup pasta cooking water, then drain pasta in a colander. While pasta is boiling, heat butter and oil in a deep 12-inch heavy skillet over moderate heat until foam subsides. Add pine nuts and remaining 1/4 teaspoon salt and cook, stirring, until nut and butter mixture is golden brown, about 3 minutes. Add drained pasta to pine nut butter along with 1/3 cup of reserved pasta cooking water and stir to coat. Th <END>
INPUT: Asian, stickers, Napa cabbage, kosher salt, pork, ginger, carrot
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pork Pot Stickers | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 small head Napa cabbage, finely chopped (about 2 cups; 7 ounces); 3/4 teaspoon kosher salt, plus 1/8 teaspoon for seasoning; 1/3 pound ground pork (not too lean); 1 tablespoon fresh ginger, minced (from 1/2-inch knob); 1 small carrot, coarsely shredded (about 2 tablespoons); 2 scallions, thinly sliced (about 1/4 cup); 2 cloves garlic, minced (about 2 teaspoons); 1 tablespoon soy sauce; 2 teaspoons Asian (toasted) sesame oil; 1/2 egg, lightly beaten; 1/8 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 30 gyoza (pot sticker) wrappers, from 1 (14-ounce) package*; 1/4 cup canola oil; *Available at Asian markets, gyoza wrappers can also be found in the refrigerated section of many supermarkets. If unavailable, substitute won ton wra; Accompaniments: dim sum dipper and cranberry-teriyaki glazeepi:recipelink | INSTRUCTIONS: In large bowl, toss together cabbage and 3/4 teaspoon salt and set aside for 30 minutes. Transfer to clean dish towel or cheesecloth, gather ends together, and twist to squeeze out as much water as possible. Wipe bowl clean, then return cabbage to it. Add pork, ginger, carrots, scallions, and garlic and stir to combine. In small bowl, whisk together soy sauce, sesame oil, and egg, then stir into cabbage-pork mixture. Stir in pepper and remaining 1/8 teaspoon salt. On dry surface, lay out 1 gyoza wrapper, keeping remaining wrappers covered with dampened cloth or paper towel. Spoon 1 1/2 teaspoo <END>
INPUT: bacon, onions, celery, apples, thyme
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chestnut, Bacon, Dried Apple, and Corn Bread Stuffing | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 pound thick-cut bacon slices, cut crosswise into 1/2-inch-wide strips; 4 cups chopped onions; 3 cups chopped celery; 1 cup chopped dried apples; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh thyme; 1 1/2 teaspoons dried rubbed sage; 2 7.4-ounce jars roasted whole chestnuts, coarsely broken; 8 cups dried corn bread stuffing mix (from two 16-ounce packages); 1 3/4 cups (or more) low-salt chicken broth; 2 tablespoons (1/4 stick) butter, melted | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook bacon in heavy large skillet over medium-high heat until brown and crisp. Using slotted spoon, transfer bacon to large bowl. Pour off all but 2 tablespoons drippings from skillet. Add onions and celery to drippings in skillet. Cover and cook over medium heat until vegetables are soft, stirring occasionally, about 12 minutes. Add vegetables to bacon; mix in apples, thyme, and sage, then chestnuts. (Can be made 1 day ahead. Cover and chill. Reheat to lukewarm before continuing.) Add corn bread stuffing mix to chestnut mixture. Mix in 1 3/4 cups broth. Drizzle with butter. Cook bacon in heav <END>
INPUT: Mexican, smokey, salsa, piece filet mignon, allspice, cumin, Kosher salt pepper, virgin olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Smokey Filet with Serrano-Papaya Salsa and Serrano-Mint-Cilantro Chutney | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 piece filet mignon; 1/2 teaspoon ground allspice; 1/2 teaspoon ground cumin; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, to taste; Extra-virgin olive oil, for drizzling; 1 cup papaya, peeled, pitted and diced; 1 serrano pepper, minced; 1 avocado, halved, pitted, peeled and diced; Juice of 1 lime; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro leaves, plus more for garnish; 1/2 cup pepitas, toasted; Fresh mint leaves, chopped, for garnish; Serrano-Mint-Cilantro Chutney, recipe follows; 2 bunches fresh cilantro; 5 sprigs fresh mint | INSTRUCTIONS: Rub the beef filet with allspice, cumin, salt, pepper and a drizzle of olive oil. Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. In a large bowl, combine the papaya, serrano, avocado, lime juice, and cilantro. Season the salsa with salt, and pepper. Set aside. Heat a drizzle of olive oil in an oven-proof saute pan over medium-high heat. Sear the filet on both sides, about 1 minute on each side. Place the pan in the oven and cook about 15 minutes, or until a meat thermometer registers 140 to 145 degrees F for medium. Remove the beef from the oven and allow the meat to rest 5 minutes before slicing. To serv <END>
INPUT: streusel, sweet potatoes, light sugar, all purpose flour, cinnamon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Stuffed Sweet Potatoes with Pecan and Marshmallow Streusel | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 12 large sweet potatoes; 3/4 cup (11/2 sticks) unsalted butter, at room temperature; 3/4 cup light brown sugar; 3/4 cup all-purpose flour; 1/4 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 1 cup toasted pecan pieces; 1 cup miniature marshmallows | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Wash the sweet potatoes, scrubbing them well to remove any dirt. With a fork, prick the sweet potatoes in a couple of spots and place them on a sheet pan. Bake for about 45 minutes, or until a knife inserted in the center goes in easily. In a large bowl, mix the butter, brown sugar, and flour together until it's crumbly-looking. Add the cinnamon, salt, pecans, and marshmallows; fold the streusel topping together to combine. Slice the sweet potatoes lengthwise down the center and push the ends towards the middle so it opens up. S <END>
INPUT: creole, nectarines, dates, pecan halves, lemon juice, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Creole Nectarines | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 10 pounds large firm nectarines; large pitted dates; large pecan halves; 2 tablespoons lemon juice; 9 cups sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: Scald, peel and pit the nectarines. In place of the pits, substitute 1 date and 1 pecan half for each nectarine, pressing the nectarine halves together. Cook the lemon juice and 1/4 of the sugar in a large Dutch oven over medium heat, stirring constantly, until the sugar is melted. Remove from the heat, pack the nectarines in the syrup and pour the remaining sugar over them. Bake, covered, in a 250° oven for 1 hour. Uncover and bake for 2 hours longer, covering if the syrup evaporates too quickly. (There should be approximately 4 cups syrup, enough to cover the fruit when it is packed in the j <END>
INPUT: Mexican, crunchy, salad, jicama, cucumbers, mangoes, cilantro leaves, powdered chile any
OUTPUT: TITLE: Crunchy Jicama and Mango Salad with Chile and Lime | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 medium jicama (about 1 pound); 2 small cucumbers; 3 medium mangoes; 1/4 cup roughly chopped cilantro leaves, plus sprigs, for garnish; 2 teaspoons powdered dried chile - any medium heat kind is fine; 2 limes, juiced; Kosher salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Peel and cut the jicama into long thin strips. Slice the cucumbers in half, scoop out the seeds and then cut into strips similar in size to the jicama strips. Peel the mangoes, cut the cheeks off, then slice into wedges. Combine all the ingredients in a large mixing bowl with the chopped cilantro, powdered chile and lime juice. When ready to serve, season with a little salt and garnish with fresh cilantro sprigs. <END>
INPUT: Italian, bell peppers, unsalted butter, onion, garlic, coarse cornmeal polenta
OUTPUT: TITLE: Polenta-Stuffed Peppers | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 4 red or yellow bell peppers, large poblano chiles, or a combination; 1 tablespoon unsalted butter; 1/2 cup minced onion; 1 1/2 tablespoons minced garlic; 1 cup coarse cornmeal or polenta; 3 1/2 cups chicken broth; 1/2 cup heavy cream; 3/4 cup fresh or canned, drained corn kernels; 1/3 cup chopped fresh basil; 1/3 cup chopped fresh cilantro; 3/4 teaspoon kosher salt; 1/2 cup freshly grated Parmesan; 1/2 cup shredded Gruyere | INSTRUCTIONS: Cut the tops off the bell peppers and remove the seeds and ribs. Slice each chile in 1/2 from stem end to blossom end. Arrange in a shallow, buttered baking dish. Melt the butter in a saucepan over medium heat. Add the onion and garlic and cook until the onion softens, 3 to 4 minutes. Add the cornmeal and stir to mix. Slowly pour in the chicken broth, stirring to combine. Add the cream, corn, basil, cilantro, salt, and 1/4 cup of the Parmesan. Cook, stirring constantly with a wooden spoon, until the polenta becomes as thick, about 10 minutes. Remove from heat. Meanwhile, preheat the oven to 37 <END>
INPUT: water, sugar, lemon juice, vanilla bean, Sambuca
OUTPUT: TITLE: Strawberries in Sambuca | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup water; 1/2 cup sugar; 3 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 1/2 vanilla bean, split lengthwise; 1/4 cup plus 2 tablespoons Sambuca; 2 pound strawberries, trimmed, then halved or quartered if large | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring water, sugar, and lemon juice to a boil in a 2- to 3-quart saucepan. Scrape seeds from vanilla bean into saucepan using tip of a paring knife and add pod. Bring to a boil, stirring until sugar has dissolved, then boil until reduced to about 1 cup, 8 to 10 minutes. Stir in Sambuca. Transfer syrup to a bowl and let cool completely. Stir in strawberries and let stand at room temperature 30 minutes to 1 hour. Discard pod. Bring water, sugar, and lemon juice to a boil in a 2- to 3-quart saucepan. Scrape seeds from vanilla bean into saucepan using tip of a paring knife and add pod. Bring to a  <END>
INPUT: shrimp, water, kosher salt, stone grits, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Andouille Sausage and Shrimp over Grilled Grits | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 5 cups water; 3/4 teaspoon kosher salt; 1 cup stone-ground yellow grits; 1/2 cup (2 ounces) freshly grated Parmesan; 1/4 teaspoon white pepper; 1/4 teaspoon hot pepper sauce; Cooking spray; 1 pound andouille sausage; 3 tablespoons butter; 3 tablespoons all-purpose flour; 1 cup chopped onions; 1/2 cup chopped red bell peppers (red better for color); 1/2 cup chopped celery; Salt; Cayenne pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Grilled Grit Squares: To prepare grits, bring the water and salt to a boil in a large saucepan over high heat. And gradually stir in the grits. Reduce the heat and simmer until thick, stirring frequently, about 30 minutes. Remove from heat and stir in the cheese, white pepper, and pepper sauce. Spread the grits in a 15 by 10-inch pan coated with cooking spray and let cool completely on a wire rack. Cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate for 30 minutes. Invert grits onto a cutting board and cut into 6 squares. Put the squares on a grill pan coated with cooking spray, and grill until lightly br <END>
INPUT: Italian, sauce, bacon, garlic, wine, tomatoes juice, tomato paste
OUTPUT: TITLE: Penne with Tomato, Bacon and Cheese Sauce | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 6 bacon slices, chopped; 6 large garlic cloves, finely chopped; 1/2 cup dry red wine; 1 28-ounce can diced tomatoes in juice; 1 tablespoon tomato paste; 1 1/2 teaspoons dried oregano; 1/4 teaspoon dried crushed red pepper; 4 tablespoons chopped fresh Italian parsley; 1 pound penne; 1/2 to 3/4 cup crumbled blue cheese, feta cheese or coarsely grated Parmesan cheese | INSTRUCTIONS: Sauté bacon in heavy large saucepan over medium heat until crisp. Spoon off all but 4 tablespoons drippings from pan. Add garlic to pan and stir 30 seconds. Add wine and scrape up any browned bits. Add tomatoes with juices, tomato paste, oregano and crushed red pepper. Simmer until sauce thickens slightly, stirring occasionally, about 10 minutes. Mix in 2 tablespoons parsley. Meanwhile, cook pasta in large pot of boiling salted water until just tender but still firm to bite. Drain, reserving 1/2 cup cooking water. Return pasta to pot. Add sauce. Toss over medium heat until sauce coats pasta, a <END>
INPUT: eclairs, milk, salt, sugar, unsalted butter, bread flour
OUTPUT: TITLE: Smoked Sea Salt and Almond Eclairs | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup milk; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 1/4 teaspoon sugar; 1 stick unsalted butter; 1 1/4 cups bread flour, sifted; 3 large eggs, plus more if needed; 2 egg whites; 2 cups heavy cream; 1/2 cup confectioners' sugar; 1/2 teaspoon almond extract; 1 cup heavy cream; 8 ounces milk chocolate, roughly chopped; Roasted almonds, crushed, for garnish; Smoked sea salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: Pastry bags or plastic resealable bags For the eclairs: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F with a rack on the middle shelf. In a non-reactive saucepan over medium heat, combine the milk, salt, sugar and butter, and bring to a simmer. Once the butter has melted, quickly add the flour and stir constantly with a wooden spoon for about 3 minutes. Transfer to the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with a paddle attachment. Mix to cool down, until the dough mostly stops steaming, 1 minute. Add the eggs and whites, slowly until evenly incorporated and glossy. To check the consistency of t <END>
INPUT: fruit, apricots, apples, cherries, Vin Santo, duck breasts
OUTPUT: TITLE: Duck Breast with Dried Fruit and Vin Santo | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup dried apricots, cut into quarters; 1/2 cup dried apples, cut into 1/2-inch chunks; 1/2 cup dried cherries; 1 cup Vin Santo; 4 small or 2 large duck breasts; Kosher salt; Extra virgin olive oil; 1 cup chicken stock (see page 85); Leaves from 5 or 6 sprigs of fresh thyme | INSTRUCTIONS: Duck is one of those dishes that can be intimidating because it seems fancy and elegant. But there's nothing to be scared of-making great duck just takes patience. To get a really beautiful, crackling, brown piece of skin you have to take your time and render the fat SLOWLY. If you rush it, you'll end up with crispy skin but a thick layer of fat between the skin and the meat-which is totally icky. Taking your time to render the fat will not only make your duck absolutely delicious, but it will also leave you with a treasure trove of duck fat-an ingredient that in restaurant kitchens is conside <END>
INPUT: nutty, fillets, pine nuts, all purpose flour, trout, Olive oil, parsley
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pine-Nutty Trout Fillets | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup toasted pine nuts (about 2 ounces); 1/4 cup all purpose flour; 2 12-ounce whole trout, heads and tails removed; Olive oil; Fresh chopped parsley; Lime wedges | INSTRUCTIONS: Grind nuts and flour in food processor. Transfer to shallow dish. Season generously with salt and pepper. (Can be prepared 8 hours ahead. Cover.) Cut each trout in half lengthwise into fillets. Remove any bones. Brush fish with oil. Heat 1 tablespoon oil in heavy large skillet over medium-high heat. Dredge fish in nut mixture; press to adhere. Cook until brown and crisp, about 2 minutes per side. Transfer to plates. Sprinkle fish with parsley and garnish with lime. Grind nuts and flour in food processor. Transfer to shallow dish. Season generously with salt and pepper. (Can be prepared 8 hours <END>
INPUT: Italian, southwestern, salad, farfalle, olive oil, chicken, onions, plum tomatoes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Southwestern Chicken and Pasta Salad | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound farfalle (bow-tie) pasta; 4 tablespoons olive oil; 2 cups diced cooked chicken; 8 green onions, chopped; 6 plum tomatoes, chopped; 1 15-ounce can golden hominy, drained; 1 15-ounce can black beans, drained; 1 12-ounce bottle mild green taco sauce; 1 cup chopped fresh cilantro | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook pasta in large pot of boiling salted water until tender but still firm to bite. Drain; rinse under cold running water and drain again. Transfer pasta to large bowl. Add oil and toss to coat. Mix in chicken, green onions, tomatoes, hominy, beans, taco sauce and cilantro. Season salad generously with salt and pepper. Cook pasta in large pot of boiling salted water until tender but still firm to bite. Drain; rinse under cold running water and drain again. Transfer pasta to large bowl. Add oil and toss to coat. Mix in chicken, green onions, tomatoes, hominy, beans, taco sauce and cilantro. Se <END>
INPUT: focaccia, active yeast, water, olive oil, unbleached flour, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Coarse Salt and Rosemary Focaccia | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 package active dry yeast; 2 cups warm water; 8 tablespoons olive oil; 5 cups unbleached flour; 1 tablespoon salt; 3 tablespoons fresh rosemary leaves, chopped; 1 tablespoon coarse salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine the yeast and warm water in a bowl, add 3 tablespoons olive oil to the water and let soak for 5 minutes. Mix the flour, 1 tablespoon salt and half the rosemary together in a bowl. Using a wooden spoon, pour the water yeast mixture into the flour and stir together to form a well mixed dough. Scrap the dough out onto a floured work surface and begin to work the dough with the heel of your hands, pulling and folding the dough as you push and pull. Work the dough for 10 minutes, put the dough into a lightly oiled bowl and then let rise at room temperature for 1 1/2 hours. Lightly oil a coo <END>
INPUT: snickerdoodle, sandwiches, all purpose flour, cream tartar, baking soda, kosher salt, cinnamon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Salted Caramel Snickerdoodle Ice Cream Sandwiches | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cups all-purpose flour; 1 teaspoon cream of tartar; 1/2 teaspoon baking soda; 1/4 teaspoon kosher salt; 3/4 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1/4 cup granulated sugar; 1/2 cup (1 stick) unsalted butter; 1/2 cup firmly packed light brown sugar; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; 1 large egg; 3 cups caramel swirl ice cream, such as Dreyer's Grand Caramel Delight, slightly softened; 18 ounces salted roasted pecans, coarsely chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: 2 pint-size paper soup-to-go containers, optional (see Cook's Note) Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line 2 baking sheets with parchment paper. In a medium bowl, whisk together the flour, cream of tartar, baking soda and salt and set aside. In a small bowl, combine the cinnamon and 2 tablespoons of the granulated sugar. Set aside. In a large mixing bowl with an electric mixer at medium speed, beat together the butter, brown sugar and remaining 2 tablespoons granulated sugar until light and fluffy, about 3 minutes. Use a spatula to scrape down the sides of the bowl. Beat in <END>
INPUT: root, vegetables, new potatoes, parsnips, carrots, rosemary, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Rosemary Beef with Root Vegetables | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound new potatoes, quartered; 3/4 pound parsnips, cut diagonally into 1 1/2-inch pieces; 1/2 pound carrots, cut diagonally into 1 1/2-inch pieces; 4 teaspoons chopped fresh rosemary, divided; 1 teaspoon salt, divided; 3/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, divided; 3 teaspoons olive oil, divided; Vegetable oil cooking spray; 1 pound beef (center-cut eye of round roast), about 3 inches in diameter; 1 teaspoon finely chopped garlic; 1/2 cup nonfat plain Greek yogurt; 2 1/2 tablespoons drained bottled horseradish; 2 teaspoons white wine vinegar; 2 tablespoons snipped fresh chives or chopped fresh parsley | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat oven to 450°F. In a bowl, toss potatoes, parsnips and carrots with 3 tsp rosemary, 3/4 teaspoon salt, 1/2 teaspoon black pepper, 1 tablespoon water and 2 teaspoon oil. Coat a rimmed sheet pan with cooking spray. Rub beef with remaining 1 teaspoon olive oil and garlic; season with remaining 1 teaspoon rosemary, 1/4 teaspoon salt and 1/4 teaspoon black pepper. Place beef on pan; spread vegetables around it in a single layer; roast, turning vegetables once, until beef's internal temperature reaches 145°. (Start checking after 20 minutes.) Transfer meat to a plate; cover loosely with foil; le <END>
INPUT: Asian, chinese, scallion, soy sauce, rice wine vinegar, piece gingerroot, vegetable oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Steamed Scrod Fillets Chinese Style | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup thinly sliced scallion; 1/4 cup soy sauce; 2 tablespoons rice-wine vinegar (available at Oriental markets) or white-wine vinegar; a 1 1/2-inch piece of peeled fresh gingerroot, cut into very fine julienne strips; 2 tablespoons vegetable oil; 1 tablespoon Oriental sesame oil plus 1 teaspoon for drizzling the fish; 2 teaspoons sugar; 2 garlic cloves, minced and mashed to a paste with a pinch of salt; 1/4 to 1/2 teaspoon dried hot red pepper flakes, or to taste; six 6-ounce scrod fillets; cabbage or romaine leaves for lining the steamer if desired | INSTRUCTIONS: In a bowl whisk together the scallion, the soy sauce, the vinegar, the gingerroot, the vegetable oil, 1 tablespoon of the sesame oil, the sugar, the garlic paste, the red pepper flakes, and salt and pepper to taste. In a shallow dish arrange the scrod fillets in one layer, pour the soy sauce mixture over them, and let the fish marinate, covered and chilled, for 30 minutes. Put a bamboo steamer in a wok and add enough water to the wok to allow the bottom rim of the steamer to sit in the water but the tray to remain above it. (Alternatively, arrange a steamer rack in a wide deep kettle and add w <END>
INPUT: Italian, lasagne, all purpose flour, milk, oregano, rosemary
OUTPUT: TITLE: White Lasagne | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 stick (1/2 cup) unsalted butter; 1/2 cup all-purpose flour; 4 cups milk; 1 teaspoon dried oregano; 1 teaspoon dried rosemary; 1/2 teaspoon dried marjoram; 1/2 teaspoon dried thyme; 1/2 pound white mushrooms; 3/4 pound fresh spinach; 5 whole boneless skinless chicken breasts (about 2 1/2 pounds total); 3 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1 tablespoon minced garlic; 2 tablespoons dry white wine; 1 teaspoon Tabasco; a 15-ounce container whole-milk ricotta (about 1 3/4 cups) | INSTRUCTIONS: Make sauce: In a saucepan melt butter over moderately low heat. Stir in flour and cook roux, stirring, 3 minutes. Add milk in a stream and bring mixture to a boil, whisking until thick and smooth. Add salt and pepper to taste and simmer sauce over low heat, whisking occasionally, 10 to 12 minutes, or until thickened. Transfer sauce to a bowl and cover surface with a buttered round of wax paper. In a saucepan melt butter over moderately low heat. Stir in flour and cook roux, stirring, 3 minutes. Add milk in a stream and bring mixture to a boil, whisking until thick and smooth. Add salt and pepp <END>
INPUT: salad, pepper, onion, balsamic vinegar, virgin olive oil, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grape and Arugula Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 teaspoon black pepper, ground; 1 medium red onion, peeled, sliced into 1/2 moons; 3 tablespoons balsamic vinegar; 1/3 cup extra virgin olive oil; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil; 1 clove garlic, fresh minced; 4 slices rustic bread; 4 cups arugula, washed and dried; 1 bulb fennel, cored and thinly sliced; 1/2 cup roasted red bell pepper, 1/4 inch thick strips; 1/4 cup pine nuts, toasted; 1/4 cup parmesan cheese, shaved or grated; 1 1/2 cups California green or red seedless grapes, picked from stem and rinsed | INSTRUCTIONS: In a small bowl whisk together dressing ingredients. Place red onions in baking dish lined with foil. Drizzle with 2 Tbsp. of prepared dressing and toss well. Cover tightly with foil and bake at 350 degrees for 30 minutes. Remove from oven and let cool. Mix 1 Tbsp. olive oil with crushed garlic. Brush onto bread slices. Broil or grill bread for 1-2 minutes on each side until toasted. Cut bread into strips about 1/2 inch wide. Place bread, roasted onions, arugula, fennel, bell pepper, pine nuts and grapes in large bowl and toss with remaining vinaigrette. Sprinkle with Parmesan and serve. <END>
INPUT: sauce, Salt, butter, garlic, all purpose flour
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spinach Fettuccini with Gorgonzola Cream Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Salt; 1 1/2 (12-ounce) packages spinach fettuccini, 18 ounces total; 2 tablespoons butter; 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped; 2 tablespoons all-purpose flour; 1 cup chicken stock; 1 cup cream; 8 ounces Gorgonzola, cut into small pieces; A few leaves fresh sage, finely chopped; Freshly ground black pepper; 4 handfuls baby spinach leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat water to a boil for pasta, salt water and cook pasta to al dente. Heat butter in a large sauce pot with butter, add garlic, cook 2 minutes then whisk in flour, cook 1 minute. Whisk in stock then cream, bring to a bubble and stir in Gorgonzola, about 2 minutes until melted. Stir in sage and a little pepper and cook 3 minutes more. In a serving bowl toss hot pasta with sauce and fresh spinach to wilt in. <END>
INPUT: Indian, wild, boar, any following prunes, all purpose flour, onion, celery
OUTPUT: TITLE: Wild Boar Sausage with Onions, Mushrooms, and Homemade Chutney | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 12 tablespoons (1 1/2 sticks) unsalted butter, plus 2 tablespoons for roux; 1 1/2 cups of any of the following dried fruits: prunes, cherries, apricots, raisins, apples*; 2 tablespoons all-purpose flour; 1 medium onion, roughly chopped; 2 celery stalks, roughly chopped; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh garlic; 1 tablespoon herbes de Provence (available in most large supermarkets); Salt; 1/2 cup red wine vinegar; 2 cups port; 1/4 teaspoon ground cloves; 1/4 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1/4 teaspoon ground nutmeg; 1 cup white wine; 4 to 5 tablespoons honey | INSTRUCTIONS: For the chutney: Heat 2 tablespoons butter in a small skillet over medium heat. Stir in the flour and cook, stirring frequently, for about 5 minutes. The roux should still be light colored; set aside. Chop the fruit medium fine in a food processor. Melt the butter in a saucepan over medium heat. Add the onion, celery, garlic and herbs, season with salt and cook until softened, about 3 to 5 minutes, stirring often. Add the fruit, vinegar, half of the port, clove, cinnamon, and nutmeg and simmer 10 to 15 minutes so all the flavors are extracted and mixed. Add the rest of the port and bring to a  <END>
INPUT: Indian, fries, liters vegetable oil, cardamom, smoked paprika, salt, size sweet potatoes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sweet Potato Fries with Chili Coconut Dip | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 2 liters vegetable oil; 1/2 teaspoon ground cardamom; 1/2 teaspoon smoked paprika; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 2 medium-size sweet potatoes, peeled; 1/2 cup cornstarch; Chili Coconut Dip, recipe follows; 1 tablespoon grapeseed oil; 1/4 cup dried curry leaves, crushed; 3 tablespoons unsweetened coconut flakes; 1/2 teaspoon red chili powder; 1/2 teaspoon ground coriander; 1/2 teaspoon brown mustard seeds; Pinch of salt; Pinch of pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat the oil in a large pot with a heavy bottom, or in a deep fryer to 350 degrees F. Make sure the oil level is no more than one-third of the pot as it will rise during the frying process. Mix the cardamom, paprika and salt together in a small bowl. Cut the sweet potatoes into 1/4-inch-thick slices, and then cut the slices into 1/4-inch sticks. Put the cornstarch into a large bowl and add the sweet potatoes, tossing well using your hands to make sure they are well coated. Working in batches, fry in the hot oil until golden brown, 6 to 7 minutes. Drain on paper towels, and then sprinkle libera <END>
INPUT: American, creamed, butter, oyster mushrooms, petite onions, brussels sprouts, low salt chicken
OUTPUT: TITLE: Creamed Mushrooms, Onions, and Brussels Sprouts | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 5 tablespoons butter; 1 pound oyster mushrooms, cut into 1-inch-wide pieces; 15 ounces frozen whole petite onions (about 2 1/2 cups; do not thaw); 1 pound small brussels sprouts (about 4 cups), trimmed, halved; 2 1/2 cups low-salt chicken broth; 2 garlic cloves, minced; 1 1/2 tablespoons chopped fresh thyme; 1 1/2 tablespoons all purpose flour; 2/3 cup whipping cream; 1 cup fresh breadcrumbs made from crustless French bread; 1/2 cup freshly grated Parmesan cheese | INSTRUCTIONS: Butter 8x8x2-inch glass baking dish. Melt 1 tablespoon butter in large nonstick skillet over medium-high heat. Add mushrooms; sauté until juices have cooked away, about 10 minutes. Transfer mushrooms to large bowl. Melt 1 tablespoon butter in same skillet over medium-high heat. Add onions; sauté until brown and tender but still holding shape, about 6 minutes. Add to bowl with mushrooms. Melt 1 tablespoon butter in same skillet over medium heat. Add brussels sprouts; sauté until browned, about 10 minutes. Add 1/2 cup broth to skillet. Cover and simmer until brussels sprouts are tender, stirring <END>
INPUT: leg lamb, your favorite spice, celery, onion, carrots
OUTPUT: TITLE: Stout Braised Lamb Dip | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 leg of lamb; 1/2 cup your favorite spice blend (recommended:Squirrelly Beaver Season All); 2 cups chopped celery; 2 cups chopped white onion; 2 cups chopped carrots; 1 cup garlic cloves; 6 bottles dark stout beer; 1 cup mayonnaise; 3 tablespoons teriyaki sauce; 2 teaspoons sugar; 1 packet au jus mix or beef bouillon; Small block Cheddar, grated; 6 to 8 hoagie rolls | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Special equipment: slow cooker Rub the lamb with the spice blend and place in a slow cooker. Add all the chopped vegetables and garlic cloves over and around the lamb. Pour in 4 of the 6 bottles of stout beer, then add enough water just to cover the lamb. Turn the slow cooker on high, cover, and cook for 4 to 5 hours, or until the lamb easily shreds from the bone. While the lamb is braising, combine the mayonnaise and teriyaki in a small mixing bowl and store in the refrigerator until ready to use. When the lamb is within 1/2 hour or so of being done, start reduc <END>
INPUT: American, burgers, onion, sirloin, Worcestershire sauce, Steak Seasoning Blend, virgin olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sirloin Burgers with Balsamic Mayo, Mushrooms and Swiss | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup chopped onion; 1 1/3 pounds ground sirloin, 90 percent lean; 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce, eyeball the amount; Steak Seasoning Blend or, coarse salt and pepper, preferred brand McCormick Montreal Steak Seasoning; Extra-virgin olive oil, for drizzling plus 1 tablespoon, 1 turn of the pan in a slow stream; 4 crusty rolls, split; 4 portobello mushrooms, thinly sliced; Coarse salt and pepper; 4 slices Swiss cheese; 3 tablespoons aged Balsamic vinegar, eyeball the amount; 1/2 cup mayonnaise or reduced fat mayonnaise; Coarse black pepper; 1/4 pound baby spinach; 2 vine ripe tomatoes, sliced; 2 scallions, chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat grill pan or large nonstick skillet Saute onions in a small pan over moderate heat for 3 to 5 minutes until tender. Combine meat with Worcestershire sauce, Sauteed onion and steak seasoning blend or salt and pepper. Form 4 large patties. Drizzle patties with a touch of extra-virgin olive oil. Quick toast your split rolls, then add burgers to grill pan or skillet. Grill or pan-fry burgers 4 to 5 minutes on each side for medium well doneness. Heat a small to medium nonstick skillet over medium high heat. Add a little oil and mushrooms. Season mushrooms with a little salt and pepper and s <END>
INPUT: American, exclusive, round, canola oil, Leftover asparagus stems, onion, milk, parsley leaves
OUTPUT: TITLE: (Web Exclusive) Round 2 Recipe: Cream of Asparagus Soup | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons canola oil; Leftover asparagus stems from Asparagus and Tomato Tart, recipe follows; 1/2 cup chopped yellow onion; 2 cups milk; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh parsley leaves; 1 can cream of potato soup; 2 tablespoons sour cream; Salt and pepper; One 9-inch frozen pie crust; 2 slices bacon, chopped; 1 medium onion, chopped; 1 bunch fresh asparagus tips, reserve stems for another use; 1/2 cup ricotta cheese; 1/4 cup milk; 2 eggs, lightly beaten | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Add the oil to a medium pot and heat over medium heat. Add onions and asparagus stems and saute for 5 minutes. Stir in the milk and parsley and bring to a boil. Reduce heat to low and let simmer for 5 more minutes. Carefully pour into a blender and puree, or puree using a hand blender. Pour back into pot through a fine mesh strainer and return the pot to medium heat. Whisk in the potato soup and the sour cream, and season with salt and pepper. Bring to a simmer, then remove from the heat and serve. Preheat oven to 375 degrees F. Place the frozen pie crust onto a  <END>
INPUT: French, souffle, unsalted butter greasing, sugar, milk, vanilla bean, eggs
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate Souffle with Espresso Creme Anglaise | CUISINE: French | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons unsalted butter for greasing; 1/4 cup sugar, plus more for dusting; 1 1/2 cups whole milk; 1 vanilla bean, split and scraped; 6 large eggs, separated; 1/4 cup all-purpose flour; 8 ounces semisweet chocolate, chopped; 2 tablespoons hazelnut flavored liqueur (recommended: Frangelico); Pinch salt; 1 recipe Espresso Creme Anglaise, recipe follows; Confectioners' sugar, for dusting; 1 cup heavy cream; 1 vanilla bean, split and scraped; 4 large egg yolks; 1/2 cup sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F and remove the top oven rack. Prepare 6 (8-ounce) coffee cups or ramekins with straight sides (or a 2-quart souffle dish) by greasing with butter and coating with granulated sugar, pour out any excess. The butter and sugar will keep the souffles from sticking to the sides, which will allow them to rise evenly. The sugar will also give the souffle a crunchy crust, which is a great contrast to the soft interior. To make the pastry cream base for the souffle: Combine the milk and vanilla bean and seeds in a heavy large pot and place over medium-low heat. Bring th <END>
INPUT: sundaes, sabayon, vegetable oil, almonds, light corn syrup, sugar, strawberries
OUTPUT: TITLE: Strawberry Sundaes with Prosecco Sabayon | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Nonstick vegetable oil spray; 1 cup sliced almonds; 1 tablespoon light corn syrup; 2 tablespoons sugar; 4 cups sliced fresh strawberries (about 16 ounces), divided; 4 tablespoons sugar, divided; 3 tablespoons Prosecco or other sparkling wine; 1/2 cup chilled heavy whipping cream; 4 large egg yolks; 1/4 cup sugar; 1/2 cup Prosecco or other sparkling wine; 2 pints strawberry sorbet | INSTRUCTIONS: For sugar sliced almonds: Preheat oven to 325°F. Line baking sheet with parchment paper; spray parchment with nonstick spray. Toss almonds with corn syrup in small bowl, then add sugar and toss (sugar coating will resemble wet sand). Spread in single layer on baking sheet. Bake until golden, stirring occasionally, about 20 minutes. Cool slightly on baking sheet, then break up any large clusters of almonds. DO AHEAD: Can be made 1 day ahead. Store in airtight container at room temperature. Preheat oven to 325°F. Line baking sheet with parchment paper; spray parchment with nonstick spray. Toss a <END>
INPUT: Mexican, herb, salsa, plum tomatoes, basil, marjoram, shallot, balsamic vinegar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Swordfish with Fresh Tomato-Herb Salsa | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 4 large fresh plum tomatoes; 1/4 cup chopped fresh basil; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh marjoram; 1 shallot, minced; 2 tablespoons balsamic vinegar; 1 tablespoon olive oil; 4 6-ounce swordfish steaks (3/4 to 1 inch thick); Olive oil; Cracked black peppercorns | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring medium saucepan of water to boil. Add tomatoes and blanch 30 seconds. Drain. Transfer to medium bowl. Cover with cold water; cool. Peel tomatoes. Cut in half; squeeze out juices. Chop tomatoes; transfer to bowl. Add herbs, shallot, vinegar and 1 tablespoon oil. Season with salt and pepper. (Can be made 1 hour ahead. Let stand at room temperature.) Prepare barbeque (medium-high heat) or preheat broiler. Brush fish with oil. Sprinkle with generous amount of peppercorns and salt. Grill until just cooked through, about 4 minutes per side. Transfer fish to plates. Spoon tomato salsa over and  <END>
INPUT: pouqui, butter, olive oil, onion, thyme, wine
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken Pouqui | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 1/2 tablespoons butter; 1 tablespoon olive oil; 1/2 cup chopped onion; 1/2 tablespoon dried thyme, crumbled; 3 tablespoons dry white wine; 1/3 cup canned cream of chicken soup; 1/3 cup half and half; 4 boneless chicken breast halves, skinned; Salt and pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Melt 1 tablespoon butter with oil in heavy medium saucepan over medium heat. Add onion and thyme and sauté until soft, about 4 minutes. Add wine and cook until reduced by half. Add soup and half and half and stir until heated. Meanwhile, melt remaining 1 1/2 tablespoons butter in heavy large skillet over medium-high heat. Pat chicken dry. Season with salt and pepper. Add chicken to skillet and cook until springy to touch, turning occasionally, about 7 minutes. Transfer to plates. Spoon sauce over. Melt 1 tablespoon butter with oil in heavy medium saucepan over medium heat. Add onion and thyme  <END>
INPUT: gelato, heavy cream, sugar, vanilla extract, kosher salt, cinnamon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cinnamon Gelato | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 1/2 cups heavy cream; 1/2 cup sugar; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; 1/4 teaspoon kosher salt; 3 cinnamon sticks; 6 egg yolks | INSTRUCTIONS: In a medium saucepan, combine the heavy cream, 1/4 cup of the sugar, the vanilla extract, salt and cinnamon sticks. Bring to a boil, turn off the heat and let sit. In a small bowl, combine the egg yolks and the remaining 1/4 cup sugar and beat to a homogeneous consistency. Bring the heavy cream-cinnamon mixture back to a boil and turn the heat off. Whisk a third of the heavy cream mixture into the egg-sugar mixture, and then immediately whisk the egg mixture back into the remaining heavy cream mixture. Bring the mixture back up over medium heat, stirring constantly, until thickened and coats t <END>
INPUT: Asian, meatballs, sweet rice, pork, ginger, scallion, water chestnuts
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sweet Rice Meatballs | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups sweet rice (cover with water and let it soak overnight); 1 pound lean ground pork; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh ginger; 1 tablespoon chopped scallion; 2 tablespoons diced water chestnuts; 2 tablespoons light soy sauce; 2 tablespoons cornstarch; 1 egg | INSTRUCTIONS: Mix all the ingredients together except the sweet rice. Keep the mixture in the refrigerator until ready to use, so the meatballs will hold their shape. Take 1 1/2 heaping tablespoons of the meat mixture and quickly form into a ball. The balls should be about the size of a golf ball. Put one tablespoon of sweet rice in a strainer. By making left, right, front and back motions with the strainer, roll the meatball in the strainer until it is evenly coated with the rice. Move the strainer in circular motions a few times if the shape of the meatball is not even enough. Put the coated meatballs in  <END>
INPUT: American, wild, sauce, chicken, goat cheese, rosemary leaves, virgin olive oil, Salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Rosemary and Goat Cheese Stuffed Chicken with Wild Mushroom Sauce | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 whole chicken; 4 ounces goat cheese, room temperature; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh rosemary leaves; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, plus more for sauteing; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 tablespoon butter, plus 1 tablespoon; 1/4 cup chopped shallots; 4 ounces morel mushrooms, cleaned and sliced in half lengthwise (substitute 1 ounce dried morels, rehydrated); 4 ounces black trumpet mushrooms, cut into 1 1/2-inch pieces; 3/4 cup chicken stock or broth; 2 tablespoons chopped chives | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F. Remove the backbone and wings from the chicken. Press the chicken open like a book. Carefully remove the bones from the chicken leaving the whole chicken intact with the skin. You can ask your butcher to do this for you. In a small bowl, combine the goat cheese, rosemary, and olive oil. Season with salt and pepper and mash together with the back of a fork. Turn the chicken over so the skin side is up. Gently loosen the skin by inserting your fingers underneath it to make a pocket. Stuff the rosemary goat cheese under the skin evenly over the breasts and legs. <END>
INPUT: mashed, golden creamer potatoes, bay leaf, Kosher salt pepper, heavy cream, unsalted butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mashed Potatoes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 pounds golden creamer potatoes, peeled and cut into quarters; 1 bay leaf; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 cups heavy cream; 3 tablespoons unsalted butter; 2 tablespoons chopped chives | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Put the potatoes into a large pot, add the bay leaf, 2 tablespoons salt, and cover with cold water. Bring to a boil over medium-high heat and cook until the potatoes are tender, about 20 minutes. Drain them well and remove the bay leaf. Meanwhile, heat the cream and butter in a small saucepan. Put the potatoes through a ricer or food mill into a bowl. Add the hot cream and season with salt and pepper. Mix together with a spoon and add the chives. <END>
INPUT: American, southern, sliders, beef, salt, pepper, onion, leaf lettuce
OUTPUT: TITLE: Southern Pimiento Cheese Sliders | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 pounds lean ground beef; 1 teaspoon salt; 1 teaspoon ground black pepper; 1 small onion, minced; Green leaf lettuce, for serving; One 15-ounce package slider buns; 1 1/2 cups prepared pimiento cheese; Fried eggs, for serving; Onions, for serving; Pickles, for serving; Tomatoes, for serving | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat a grill pan over medium-high heat. Gently combine the beef, salt, pepper and onions in a large bowl. Shape the mixture into 12 patties. Grill the patties on the pan until desired degree of doneness, about 5 minutes per side. Place some lettuce and patties on the bottom halves of the buns. Spread 2 tablespoons pimiento cheese over each patty. Add some fried eggs, onions, pickles and tomatoes. Top with the bun tops. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, rice, cilantro, chicken broth, Juice lime
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cilantro-Lime Rice | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup rice; 5 sprigs fresh cilantro; 1 cup chicken broth; Juice of 1 lime | INSTRUCTIONS: In a small saucepan, bring the rice, cilantro, broth, rice, and lime juice to a boil over high heat. Reduce the heat to a simmer, cover and cook for 20 minutes, or until the rice is tender. Remove the cilantro sprigs and serve.; <END>
INPUT: American, slow, corn, Point Reyes Original, unsalted butter at, Dijon mustard, thyme leaves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Slow Roasted Corn with Blue Cheese Compound Butter | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 20 ears fresh corn, silks removed but husks intact; Point Reyes Original Blue Cheese Compound Butter, recipe follows; 3/4-pound unsalted butter at room temperature; 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard; 1 tablespoon fresh thyme leaves, finely minced; Pinch gray sea salt; 1/2 pound Point Reyes Original or other good quality Blue Cheese, crumbled | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat a grill for indirect cooking. Soak corn in water for 5 minutes. This will prevent husks from burning, and will allow for slow roasting of grilled corn. Place corn near indirect medium heat of grill. Place cover on grill and cook for about 5 minutes. Remove cover and rotate corn. Cook for another 5 minutes or until cooked to your liking. If you want to caramelize the corn kernels, peel back the corn husk and place husk back on grill and cook until corn kernels are a golden brown color. In a mixing bowl, mix the butter, mustard, thyme, salt, and blue cheese. Gently blend with a wooden spoon <END>
INPUT: cacciatore, chicken breast halves, Salt pepper, olive oil, onion, bell pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken Cacciatore | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 skinless chicken breast halves on the bone, about 2 pounds; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 teaspoons olive oil; 1 medium onion, thinly sliced; 1 red bell pepper, thinly sliced; 1/2 pound white mushrooms, thinly sliced; 2 garlic cloves, minced; 1/2 cup dry white wine; 1 (14 1/2-ounce) can whole tomatoes in juice, chopped and juice reserved; 1/2 teaspoon dried oregano; 1/8 teaspoon red pepper flakes or more to taste | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Rinse the chicken and pat dry with paper towels. Season the chicken with salt and pepper. Heat the oil in a saute pan over moderately-high heat. Brown the chicken on both sides, about 8 minutes. Remove the chicken. Reduce the heat to moderate. Add the onion and pepper, cover and cook, stirring occasionally, until the vegetables begin to soften, about 5 minutes. Add the mushrooms and cook, uncovered and stirring occasionally, until the mushrooms begin to brown. Add the garlic and cook, stirring, for 30 seconds. Add the wine and cook until reduced by half. Add the  <END>
INPUT: crusted, nonfat mayonnaise, sweet pickles, cider vinegar, garlic, oysters
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cornmeal-Crusted Oysters with Sweet Pickle Mayonnaise | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2/3 cup nonfat mayonnaise; 3 tablespoons finely chopped sweet pickles; 2 teaspoons cider vinegar; 1 garlic clove, pressed; 24 fresh oysters, shucked, or about four 8-ounce jars medium oysters; 1 tablespoon vegetable oil; 1 1/2 cups yellow cornmeal; 3/4 teaspoon salt; 3/4 teaspoon cayenne pepper; 1/4 teaspoon ground black pepper; 1 cup low-fat buttermilk | INSTRUCTIONS: Mix mayonnaise, sweet pickles, vinegar and garlic in small bowl. (Can be prepared 1 day ahead. Cover and refrigerate.) Preheat oven to 450°F. Drain oysters on double layer of paper towels Brush large nonstick baking sheet with oil. Heat in oven until very hot, about 10 minutes. Meanwhile, mix cornmeal, salt, cayenne and pepper in pie dish. Pour buttermilk into medium bowl. Lightly coat oysters with cornmeal; shake off excess. Dip into buttermilk, then coat again with cornmeal; place on platter. Place oysters on hot baking sheet, spacing apart. Bake until oysters are golden brown on bottoms, ab <END>
INPUT: Italian, sherbet, sugar, mint, juniper berries, ricotta, container sour cream
OUTPUT: TITLE: Ricotta Sherbet | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup sugar; 1 bunch fresh mint, plus more for garnish; 24 juniper berries; 2 cups fresh ricotta; 1 16-ounce container sour cream; 1/4 cup light corn syrup; 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine 1 cup water, the sugar, mint and juniper berries in a medium saucepan; bring to a simmer over medium heat, stirring occasionally, until the sugar dissolves, about 2 minutes. Remove from the heat and let cool completely, then strain into a large bowl. Add the ricotta, sour cream, corn syrup and lemon juice to the bowl and whisk until smooth. Strain the mixture through a fine-mesh sieve into another large bowl, using a rubber spatula to push the mixture through until only dry curds remain in the sieve. Pour the liquid into an ice cream maker and freeze according to the manufacturer's ins <END>
INPUT: sifted cake flour, sugar, baking powder, salt, egg yolks
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grapefruit Cake | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 1/4 cups sifted cake flour; 1 1/2 cups sugar; 3 teaspoons baking powder; 1 teaspoon salt; 5 egg yolks; 1/2 cup vegetable oil; 3/4 cup water; 1 lemon, zested; 2 teaspoons vanilla; 8 egg whites, whipped to stiff peaks; Grapefruit Frosting (recipe to follow); 24 ounces cream cheese, softened; 4 teaspoons lemon juice; 2 pounds fresh grapefruit, sectioned; 1 cup powdered sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 325 degrees. Sift together dry ingredients then add egg yolks, oil, water, zest, and vanilla and mix well. When incorporated, fold in egg whites. Bake for an hour. When cake is cooled, slice in half and frost in between layers, on top and around sides.; Beat cream cheese with lemon juice until fluffy. Mash 6 grapefruit sections into small pieces. Add sugar to cheese mixture along with food coloring, fruit zest and blend will. Add remaining grapefruit.; <END>
INPUT: American, cream cheese, scallions, dill, milk, kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Scallion and Dill Cream Cheese | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 16 ounces cream cheese, at room temperature; 1/2 cup chopped scallions, white and green parts; 1/2 cup chopped fresh dill, plus extra for garnish; 2 tablespoons whole milk; 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt; 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Place the cream cheese, scallions, dill, milk, salt and pepper in the bowl of a food processor fitted with the steel blade and pulse until smooth. Place in a serving dish and garnish with extra fresh dill. <END>
INPUT: French, souffle, unsalted butter, granulated sugar, bananas, dark sugar, Juice lemon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Banana-Rum Souffle | CUISINE: French | INGREDIENTS: 1 teaspoon softened unsalted butter; 2 tablespoons granulated sugar, plus additional for dusting; 3 large ripe bananas, peeled and sliced; 1/4 cup dark brown sugar; Juice of 1/2 lemon; 2 tablespoons dark rum; 5 large egg whites; Pinch fine salt; Cocoa powder for dusting, optional | INSTRUCTIONS: Lightly butter the insides of 4 (1-cup) ramekins, then dust with sugar. Space them evenly on a baking sheet and put in the freezer. Put the bananas, brown sugar, lemon juice, and rum in a medium saucepan. Cook uncovered, over medium heat, stirring occasionally, until the bananas begin to soften, about 7 minutes. Mash the bananas with a potato masher or large fork until mostly smooth; continue cooking to make a thick puree, about 8 more minutes. Cool to room temperature. Position the oven rack in the lower third of the oven and preheat to 425 degrees F. Whip the egg whites and salt in a large b <END>
INPUT: Mexican, summer, garden, chili garlic sauce, cumin, kosher salt, pepper, uncooked shrimp
OUTPUT: TITLE: Summer Garden Salad with Chili-Garlic Shrimp | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 teaspoon chili-garlic sauce; 1/2 teaspoon ground cumin; 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt; 1/4 teaspoon plus 1/8 teaspoon ground black pepper; 2 pounds uncooked large shrimp, peeled, deveined; 5 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, divided; 2 ears of corn, husked; 3 small tomatoes, cut into 1/2-inch-thick wedges; 1/3 English hothouse cucumber, halved lengthwise, thinly sliced crosswise; 4 teaspoons fresh lime juice; 2 teaspoons reduced-sodium soy sauce; 1 teaspoon toasted sesame oil (such as Asian); 1 large avocado, halved, peeled, pitted, cut into thin slices; 8 cups (loosely packed) mixed baby greens; 2 tablespoons thinly sliced fresh mint leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: Mix chili-garlic sauce, cumin, 1/2 teaspoon salt, and 1/4 teaspoon pepper in large bowl. Add shrimp and toss to coat. Heat 2 tablespoons oil in heavy large nonstick skillet over high heat until hot. Add half of shrimp and sauté until cooked through, about 3 minutes. Using tongs, transfer shrimp to plate. Add 1 tablespoon oil to same skillet. Add remaining shrimp and sauté until cooked through, about 3 minutes. Transfer shrimp to plate and cool. Cook corn in pot of boiling salted water until almost tender, about 5 minutes. Drain and cool. Cut corn kernels off cobs. Mix corn, tomatoes, and cucum <END>
INPUT: American, mild honey alfalfa, rosemary, kosher salt, crackers
OUTPUT: TITLE: Blue Cheese with Rosemary Honey on Crackers | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup mild honey such as alfalfa or clover; 3 sprigs fresh rosemary; 1/8 teaspoon kosher salt; 1 (10-ounce) block blue cheese, frozen; 40 crackers; 3 scallions (white and light green parts), thinly sliced on diagonal | INSTRUCTIONS: In heavy small saucepan over low heat, stir together honey, rosemary, and salt. Continue heating, stirring occasionally, until fragrant, about 10 minutes. Strain through fine-mesh sieve into small bowl, discarding rosemary. Cool slightly, about 3 minutes. (Honey can be infused ahead and stored in airtight container at room temperature up to 24 hours.) Cut blue cheese into 40 slices and arrange on crackers. Drizzle with honey, sprinkle with scallions, and serve In heavy small saucepan over low heat, stir together honey, rosemary, and salt. Continue heating, stirring occasionally, until fragrant <END>
INPUT: Italian, meatballs, gorgonzola, gemelli pasta other, Salt, veal, egg, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Veal and Sage Meatballs and Pasta with Gorgonzola-Walnut Sauce | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound gemelli pasta or other short cut pasta; Salt; 1 pound ground veal; 1 egg; 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped; 6 to 8 sage leaves, finely chopped, a couple of tablespoons; 1/2 cup bread crumbs, a couple of handfuls; 1/3 cup grated Parmigiano-Reggiano; 1/4 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg, eyeball it; Ground black pepper; Extra-virgin olive oil, for drizzling; 3/4 cup chopped walnuts, divided; 2 tablespoons butter; 2 tablespoons all-purpose flour; 1/2 cup dry white wine | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Place water on to boil for pasta. When it comes to a boil, salt the water and cook pasta to al dente. Drain. While pasta is working, place veal in a mixing bowl and add to it the egg, garlic, sage, bread crumbs, cheese, nutmeg and salt and pepper, to taste. Drizzle a little extra-virgin olive oil into the bowl, mix and roll small 1-inch balls. Arrange balls in a single layer on a nonstick cookie sheet and bake 8 to 10 minutes in a hot oven until meat is golden and firm. Toast the walnuts and place them into a food processor. Grind the walnuts and reserve. In  <END>
INPUT: Asian, snap, ginger beer, Ice, ginger juice, dark rum, cinnamon schnapps
OUTPUT: TITLE: Ginger Snap | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1 oz. ginger beer; Ice; 1 tsp. ginger juice; 1 1/2 oz. dark rum; 1 tsp. cinnamon schnapps; Pinch of ground cloves; 1 egg white; Cinnamon stick; Crystallized ginger square; Finely ground gingerbread cookie | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Pour enough ginger beer into a saucer to cover and dip a martini glass into the saucer to coat the rim. Dip into a saucer with ground cookie. Scoop ice into shaker. Pour ginger juice, rum and cinnamon schnapps into a shaker. Add a pinch of ground cloves. Separate an egg and add egg white to shaker. Shake vigorously for at least 20 seconds until drink is frothy and foamy. The longer you shake, the foamier the drink. Add ginger beer and stir slightly. Pour into glass. Garnish with a cinnamon stick and crystallized ginger square, and sprinkle the top with finely gro <END>
INPUT: French, vinaigrette, globe artichokes, lemon, water, salt, sherry vinegar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Artichoke Vinaigrette | CUISINE: French | INGREDIENTS: 4 extra large globe artichokes; 1 lemon; 2 quarts water; 2 teaspoons salt; 3 tablespoons sherry vinegar; 3 tablespoons Dijon mustard; 2 tablespoons chopped, fresh chives; 2 tablespoons chopped, fresh tarragon; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh flat leaf parsley; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 1/4 teaspoon ground white pepper; 1/2 cup extra virgin olive oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Trim the sharp tips of the outside artichoke leaves with a sharp knife. Cut off the top of the artichoke about 1-inch and remove the stem so that the bottom is flat. Wash the artichoke in cold water and rub all cut surfaces with some of the fresh lemon juice and pulp. (A round slice of lemon may be tied to the bottom of the artichoke to prevent oxidation of the base.) Bring water to a boil, add the salt and the remaining pieces of the lemon, rind and all, and place the artichokes base down. Cover the pot and bring the water to the boil again before lowering the heat to a simmer. Cook the artic <END>
INPUT: American, cream, flour, sugar, egg ice water, Butterscotch filling
OUTPUT: TITLE: Butterscotch Banana Cream Pie | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cups flour; 7 teaspoons sugar; 8 tablespoons (1 stick) cold unsalted butter, cut into pea sized bits; 1 large egg beaten with 1 cup ice water; Butterscotch filling, recipe follows; 3 bananas; 1/2 cup sugar; 1/2 cup cornstarch; 3 cups milk; 2 eggs; 2 egg yolks; 2 teaspoons vanilla extract; 3/4 cup lightly packed dark brown sugar; 3 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1 tablespoon bourbon | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large bowl, stir the flour and sugar together. Using a pastry blender or your fingertips, work the butter into the mixture until it resembles coarse meal. Sprinkle on 3 to 4 tablespoons of the eggy water, and mix it in with your fingers just until the dough comes together into a ball. Working on a lightly floured surface, take egg-sized pieces of the dough and smear them away from you with the heel of your hand into 6-inch streaks. Scrape up all the streaks of dough and pile them on top of one another to form a disk. Wrap in plastic and refrigerate for at least 2 hours, or overnight. Set  <END>
INPUT: mexican, french, semisweet chocolate, heavy cream, maple syrup, very heavy cream, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Stuffed Mexican Hot Chocolate French Toast with Cinnamon Whipped Cream and Chocolate-Maple Ganache | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 ounces semisweet chocolate, chopped; 6 ounces heavy cream; 2 tablespoons maple syrup; 1 cup very cold heavy cream; 2 teaspoons sugar; 1/4 teaspoon cinnamon; 4 large eggs; 2 large egg yolks; 1/4 cup sugar; 1/4 cup best-quality Dutch-process cocoa powder; 1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1 1/2 cups milk; 1/2 cup heavy cream; 2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract; 1/8 teaspoon pure almond extract | INSTRUCTIONS: For the ganache: Put the chocolate in a medium bowl. Bring the cream to a simmer in a small saucepan over medium heat, then pour it over the chocolate and let sit for 1 minute. Add the maple syrup and whisk until smooth. Transfer 1/2 cup of the ganache to a small bowl, and refrigerate for 10 minutes or until slightly chilled but still spreadable. Cover the remaining ganache and reserve in a warm place. For the whipped cream: Combine the cream, sugar and cinnamon in a chilled bowl. Using an electric mixer, whip until soft peaks form. Cover the bowl and refrigerate while you make the French toas <END>
INPUT: Asian, piece ginger, garlic, honey, jalapeño pepper, nuoc mam
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Marinated Pork Fillet | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1 small piece ginger, peeled and cut into 1/2-inch pieces (1 1/2 teaspoons); 1 clove garlic, peeled; 1 tablespoon honey; jalapeño pepper; 2 tablespoons nuoc mam, or fish sauce; 1 tablespoon water; 1 large pork fillet (about 1 1/2 pounds), trimmed of all fat and silver skin (1 pound, 2 ounces trimmed weight); 1 teaspoon canola oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Place all the marinade ingredients in the bowl of a food processor and process until pureed. Pour the marinade into a plastic food bag, and add the trimmed pork fillet. Seal the bag tightly, and shake it until the meat is well coated with the marinade. Refrigerate for at least 2 and up to 8 hours. About 30 minutes before cooking time, heat a grill until it is hot. Preheat the oven to 200 degrees. Remove the pork fillet from the marinade, and reserve the marinade in an ovenproof skillet or metal gratin dish. Sprinkle the fillet with the oil, and place it on the hot grill. Cook, covered, about 6 <END>
INPUT: deviled, light sugar, Cayenne pepper, cinnamon, bacon, eggs
OUTPUT: TITLE: Deviled Eggs with Candied Bacon | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 tablespoons light brown sugar; Cayenne pepper; Pinch ground cinnamon; 1/8 pound thick-cut bacon (about 3 strips); 8 large eggs, straight from the refrigerator; 1/4 to 1/2 cup mayonnaise, or as much as desired; 2 teaspoons whole grain mustard; 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh dill, plus more for garnish; 1 tablespoon cider vinegar; 1 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce; 2 scallions, minced; 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt; Paprika, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. In a small bowl, mix together the brown sugar, a pinch of cayenne and the cinnamon. Place the bacon on a wire rack set over a rimmed baking sheet. Sprinkle each slice of bacon with some of the spiced sugar and bake, about 10 minutes. Flip the bacon, sprinkle with the remaining spiced sugar and continue to cook until crispy, about 10 more minutes. Remove the bacon from the oven and allow to cool. When the bacon is cool, mince it and set aside, reserving a quarter of it for garnishing the eggs. Put the cold eggs in the bottom of a medium saucepan and cover with <END>
INPUT: American, cheese, uncooked elbow macaroni, low fat fat, evaporated skim milk, sharp Cheddar, Monterey Jack
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mac 'N Cheese | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound uncooked elbow macaroni; 1/2 cup low-fat or fat-free sour cream; 12-ounce can evaporated skim milk; 4 ounces grated sharp Cheddar (about 1/2 cup); 4 ounces grated Monterey Jack (about 1/2 cup); 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard; 1/8 teaspoon ground nutmeg; 1 to 2 drops hot sauce, optional; Ground black pepper and salt; 1/4 cup plain dry bread crumbs; 1/4 cup grated Parmesan | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Cook pasta according to package directions. Drain and transfer to a large bowl. While pasta is still hot, stir in sour cream and set aside. Scald milk by heating in a small saucepan over medium heat until tiny bubbles just appear around the edges. Add Cheddar and Monterey cheeses, mustard, nutmeg, hot sauce, pepper and salt to scalded milk. Simmer until cheese melts, stirring constantly. Fold cheese mixture into pasta and transfer mixture to a serving platter. Combine bread crumbs and Parmesan in a skillet over medium heat. Toast 1 to 2 minutes, until golden brow <END>
INPUT: granita, water, sugar, raspberry puree
OUTPUT: TITLE: Raspberry Granita | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 12 ounces water; 9 ounces sugar; 4 ounces raspberry puree | INSTRUCTIONS: Using a large sauce pot, combine the water and sugar. Cook until a syrup forms and all of the sugar has dissolved. Add the raspberry puree to the mixture and cool. Pour the mixture into a shallow pan and place it in the freezer. As the mixture freezes, occasionally scrape and stir the mixture to form crystals. After a few hours the granita is ready to serve. Serve in small glass cups with freshly whipped cream. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, chimichanga, alamo, cilantro, avocados, sour cream, lime juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chimichanga Alamo | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: For the sauce:; 1 cup chopped fresh cilantro; 2 avocados, pitted and mashed; 1 cup sour cream; 2 tablespoons fresh lime juice; Kosher salt; For the filling:; 1 tablespoon vegetable or olive oil; 1 cup finely chopped Vidalia or other sweet onion; 1 teaspoon kosher salt; Freshly ground black pepper; 1 teaspoon ground cumin; 3 to 4 sprigs thyme, leaves stripped and chopped; 2 cloves garlic, grated on a rasp or finely minced; 1 pound 80 percent lean ground beef chuck | INSTRUCTIONS: Make the cilantro-avocado cream sauce: In a blender, combine the cilantro, avocados, sour cream, lime juice and a pinch of salt. Blend until smooth. Set aside. Make the beef filling: Heat the oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Add the onions, salt, a few grinds of pepper, the cumin and thyme. Cook, stirring, until the onions are tender, about 5 minutes. Add the garlic and cook until fragrant, about 5 minutes. Add the beef and break it up with a spoon or spatula as it browns. When the meat is cooked through, taste and, if needed, season with a pinch of salt. Fill the chimichangas: Warm th <END>
INPUT: hash, vegetable oil, corned beef, onion, bell pepper, baking potatoes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Corned Beef Hash | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons vegetable oil; 8 ounces cooked corned beef, diced; 1 white onion, finely chopped; 1 bell pepper, finely chopped; 2 medium baking potatoes, peeled and shredded (about 2 cups); 4 tablespoons unsalted butter; 4 large eggs; Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper; 4 slices cheddar cheese (about 2 ounces) | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat the oil in a medium skillet over high heat. Add the corned beef and cook, stirring with a wooden spoon, until it releases some fat and browns slightly, about 3 minutes. Stir in the onion, bell pepper and potatoes and cook, undisturbed, until brown and crisp on the bottom, about 6 minutes. Continue cooking, turning the hash as it browns evenly, about 15 more minutes. Meanwhile, heat the butter in a nonstick skillet over medium-high heat. Fry the eggs sunny-side up or over easy; season with salt and pepper. Place the cheese slices on top of the hash, reduce the heat and let sit until the ch <END>
INPUT: sauce, almonds, virgin olive oil, lemon juice, honey, dijon mustard
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mahi Mahi With Asparagus and Almond Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup sliced almonds; 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice; 1/2 teaspoon honey; 1 1/2 teaspoons dijon mustard; Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper; 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh parsley; 2 pounds asparagus, tough ends trimmed; 1 teaspoon finely grated lemon zest; 4 6-ounce skinless mahi mahi fillets (about 1 inch thick) | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the broiler. Spread the almonds on a rimmed baking sheet and broil, stirring frequently, until golden, 2 to 3 minutes. Combine the toasted almonds, 2 tablespoons olive oil, the lemon juice, honey, mustard, 1/4 cup water, 1/4 teaspoon salt, and pepper to taste in a blender and blend until smooth. Transfer to a bowl and stir in the parsley. Toss the asparagus with the remaining 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 tablespoon water, the lemon zest, and salt and pepper to taste on the same baking sheet. Spread in a single layer and broil until the asparagus is bright green and crisp-tender, about 4 m <END>
INPUT: stir, olive oil, snow peas, orange bell pepper, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Orange Glazed Chicken Stir Fry | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 lb. boneless, skinless chicken breast halves, thinly sliced; 2 Tbsp. olive oil, divided; 1/2 cup snow peas; 1 red or orange bell pepper, cut into large chunks; 1 small onion, cut into large chunks; 1/4 cup Hellmann's® or Best Foods® Real Mayonnaise; 2 Tbsp. orange juice; 2 Tbsp. firmly packed brown suga | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. Season chicken, if desired, with salt and ground black pepper. Heat 1 tablespoon olive oil in 12-inch skillet over medium-high heat and cook chicken, stirring frequently, 6 minutes or until thoroughly cooked. Remove chicken and keep warm. 2. Heat remaining 1 tablespoon olive oil in same skillet and cook red pepper and onion, stirring frequently, 4 minutes or until vegetables are crisp-tender. Add Hellmann's® or Best Foods® Real Mayonnaise, orange juice and brown sugar, stirring until sauce is smooth. Return chicken to skillet and toss to coat. Season, if desired, with soy souce and garnish  <END>
INPUT: American, salad, garlic, horseradish, wine vinegar, virgin olive oil, shallots
OUTPUT: TITLE: Skirt Steak and Horseradish Potato Salad | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 3 large garlic cloves; 3 tablespoons prepared horseradish; 1 1/2 tablespoons white wine vinegar; 7 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, divided; 4 large shallots, cut into thin rounds (about 2 cups); 1 1/2 pounds medium Yukon Gold potatoes (about 4), peeled, cut into 1/3-inch-thick rounds; 1 10-ounce package grape tomatoes; 8 ounces stringless sugar snap peas; 1 1/4 pounds skirt steak, cut into 4 pieces; 2 bunches watercress | INSTRUCTIONS: Press garlic into small bowl. Whisk in prepared horseradish and white wine vinegar, then 6 tablespoons oil. Season dressing to taste with salt and pepper. Mix in sliced shallots. Steam potatoes until tender, about 12 minutes. Place potatoes in large bowl and let cool slightly. Add grape tomatoes and sugar snap peas to potatoes in bowl. Gently toss with enough dressing to coat and season to taste with salt and pepper. Heat 1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil in heavy large nonstick skillet over high heat. Sprinkle skirt steak with salt and pepper. Sear skirt steak until crusty and medium-rare,  <END>
INPUT: trifle, packages ladyfingers, almond liqueur, canisters whipped cream, bittersweet chocolate baking, slivered almonds
OUTPUT: TITLE: Almond and Chocolate Whipped Cream Trifle | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 packages ladyfingers; 1/2 to 2/3 cup almond liqueur (recommended: Amaretto); 2 canisters store bought whipped cream; 3 1/2 ounces bittersweet chocolate baking bar, finely chopped; 1/4 cup slivered almonds; Cocoa powder, for dusting; 1 pint raspberries | INSTRUCTIONS: Line an 8 to 9-inch square or round glass dish or bowl with ladyfingers. Douse with half of the liqueur, spray with a layer of whipped cream. Sprinkle with chocolate pieces and slivered almonds. Repeat this layering another time. After the second layering, spray a healthy shot of whipped cream on top. Dust with cocoa powder, garnish with raspberries and serve or chill until ready to serve. <END>
INPUT: stock, celery, carrots, onions, parsley stems
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken Stock | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 (3 1/2- to 4 1/2-pound) whole chicken, cut into 8 pieces; 2 celery ribs, cut into 2-inch lengths; 2 carrots, quartered; 2 medium onions, left unpeeled, trimmed, and halved; 6 fresh parsley stems (without leaves); 1 Turkish or 1/2 California bay leaf; 8 whole black peppercorns; 4 quart cold water; 1 1/2 teaspoons salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring all ingredients to a boil in an 8- to 10-quart pot and skim froth. Reduce heat and gently simmer, uncovered, skimming froth occasionally, 3 hours. Remove chicken, then pour stock through a fine-mesh sieve into a large bowl and discard solids. If using stock right away, skim off and discard any fat. If not, cool stock completely, uncovered, then chill, covered, and discard any solidified fat. Bring all ingredients to a boil in an 8- to 10-quart pot and skim froth. Reduce heat and gently simmer, uncovered, skimming froth occasionally, 3 hours. Remove chicken, then pour stock through a fine <END>
INPUT: cape, calabaza, apricots, orange juice, sugar, cinnamon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cape May Calabaza | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound calabaza, peeled and cut into 3/4-inch cubes; 1/4 pound dried apricots, minced; 1/2 cup freshly squeezed orange juice; 1 teaspoon brown sugar; 1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1 tablespoon butter | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Rub the inside of an ovenproof casserole with a bit of oil or spray it with cooking spray to prevent sticking. Add the calabaza, apricots, and orange juice. Sprinkle with the brown sugar and cinnamon and dot with butter. Cover with aluminum foil and bake for 30 minutes, or until the calabaza is fork tender. Serve hot. <END>
INPUT: dubliner, bacon, olive oil, onion, garlic, dark beer
OUTPUT: TITLE: Dubliner Steamed Mussels | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 ounces thickly sliced bacon, diced; 1 tablespoon olive oil; 1 tablespoon chopped onion; 1 teaspoon minced garlic; 1/2 cup dark beer; 1 pound mussels, debearded and scrubbed; 1 tablespoon butter; 1/4 cup sauerkraut; 4 ounces cooked fingerling potatoes, halved; Kosher salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat a Dutch oven or other large pot over medium heat; add the bacon. Cook until the bacon is crispy, about 8 minutes. Add the oil to the pan; cook the onions and garlic until translucent and tender, about 5 minutes. Stir in the beer, scraping any browned bits from the bottom of the pot; add the mussels. Steam the mussels, covered, over high heat, about 2 minutes. Stir in the butter, sauerkraut and potatoes and sprinkle with salt. Cover and cook until the mussels open, about 2 minutes. <END>
INPUT: wrapped, prosciutto, sage leaves, salt, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pork Wrapped in Sage and Prosciutto | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 12 thin slices prosciutto (about 1/4 lb); 16 large fresh sage leaves; 2 (1-lb) pork tenderloins; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/4 teaspoon black pepper; 1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil; Special equipment: an instant-read thermometer | INSTRUCTIONS: Put oven rack in middle position and preheat oven to 425°F. Slightly overlap long sides of 6 prosciutto slices on work surface with short ends nearest you and scatter 8 sage leaves crosswise on top. Pat 1 pork tenderloin dry and sprinkle all over with 1/4 teaspoon salt and 1/8 teaspoon pepper. Put meat on top of sage across middle of prosciutto (tucking end of tenderloin underneath if very thin), then wrap prosciutto around pork to enclose. Wrap second tenderloin in same manner. Transfer tenderloins, seam sides down and 2 inches apart, to a small roasting pan and brush prosciutto all over with <END>
INPUT: Mexican, southern, skillet, olive oil, onion, bell pepper, collard greens, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Southern Skillet Black-Eyed Peas with Quick Buttery Biscuits | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1 large onion, finely chopped; 1 green bell pepper, seeded and diced; 2 cups roughly chopped collard greens (1/4-inch ribbons); 2 cloves garlic, minced; 1 tablespoon ground cumin; 1 teaspoon chili powder; 1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1/4 teaspoon cayenne pepper; 1/2 teaspoon sea salt; Two 15-ounce cans black-eyed peas, rinsed and drained; One 15-ounce can tomato sauce; 1/4 cup gluten-free soy sauce; 1/3 cup packed brown sugar; 2 tablespoons white or apple cider vinegar | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: a 2 1/2-inch round cookie or biscuit cutter In a large pot, heat the oil over medium-high heat and saute the onions and green peppers until soft. Add the collard greens, garlic, cumin, chili powder, cinnamon, cayenne and salt and saute a few minutes. Stir in the black-eyed peas, tomato sauce, soy sauce, brown sugar, vinegar and 1 cup water and bring to a simmer. Reduce the heat to medium. Simmer, uncovered, for 10 to 15 minutes. Adjust the seasoning to taste. Serve in soup bowls with Quick Buttery Biscuits and Whipped Maple Butter on the side. Preheat the oven to 375 degrees <END>
INPUT: pecans, mini Brussels sprouts, pecan halves, maple sugar, Peanut vegetable oil, unsalted butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Brussels Sprouts with Maple Candied Pecans | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 pounds mini Brussels sprouts, preferably from Holland; 2 cups pecan halves; 1 cup maple sugar; Peanut or vegetable oil, for deep-frying; 1 pound unsalted butter; 1 cup chicken stock; Salt and pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Clean the sprouts by peeling the outer layers. Quickly blanch in boiling salted water and then remove to an ice water bath. Soak the pecans in boiling water, then remove and dredge in maple sugar. Reserve maple sugar for later. Preheat a deep-fryer or heat 3 inches of oil in a large Dutch oven until it reaches 350 degrees F. When oil is hot, add pecans and deep-fry for about 1 minute. Remove from oil and drain on paper towels. Immediately sprinkle with remaining maple sugar. Melt butter in a saucepan large enough to hold all the Brussels sprouts (you may need to do this in batches). Let butter <END>
INPUT: Mexican, fattoush, orange bell peppers, slender zucchini, Olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Zucchini and Bell Pepper Fattoush | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 3 medium orange or red bell peppers (about 1 pound), stemmed, seeded, quartered; 4 to 5 slender zucchini (about 1 pound), trimmed, cut lengthwise in half; 2 (5- to 6-inch) pita breads, each cut horizontally into 2 disks, or two 6x4x1/2-inch slices country white bread; Olive oil (for grilling); 1 (8-ounce) cucumber, peeled, halved, seeded, cut into 1/2-inch cubes; 12 cherry tomatoes, each halved; 3 green onions, thinly sliced; 1 cup (scant) pitted Kalamata olives, halved; 1/2 cup (packed) fresh mint leaves; 1/3 cup chopped fresh cilantro; 1/2 cup olive oil; 1/4 cup fresh lemon juice; 1 teaspoon ground cumin; 1 4-ounce piece feta cheese, cut into 1/2-inch cubes (scant 1 cup); Ground sumac* (optional) | INSTRUCTIONS: Prepare barbecue (medium heat). Brush peppers, zucchini, and bread on both sides with oil. Sprinkle lightly with salt and pepper. Grill peppers and zucchini until slightly charred and just tender, turning often, about 6 minutes. Transfer vegetables to foil-lined baking sheet. Grill bread until lightly charred and just crisp, turning often, about 3 minutes. Transfer to sheet with vegetables and cool. Tear bread into 1-inch pieces. DO AHEAD Vegetables and bread can be made 2 hours ahead. Let stand at room temperature. Cut peppers lengthwise into 1/2-inch-wide strips, then crosswise into 1/2-inch <END>
INPUT: Italian, sauce, asparagus, onion, unsalted butter, all purpose flour, milk, Gruyére
OUTPUT: TITLE: Ham, Gruyère, and Parmesan Sauce for Asparagus | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon minced onion; 1 1/2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 2 tablespoons all-purpose flour; 1 1/2 cups milk; 1/4 cup grated Gruyére; 1/4 cup freshly grated Parmesan, or to taste; 1/3 cup finely chopped cooked ham | INSTRUCTIONS: In a saucepan cook the onion in the butter over moderately low heat, stirring, until it is softened, stir in the flour, and cook the roux, stirring, for 3 minutes. Remove the pan from the heat and add the milk, scalded, in a stream, whisking until the mixture is thick and smooth. Simmer the sauce for 10 to 15 minutes, or until it is thickened to the desired consistency. Strain the sauce through a fine sieve into a bowl, add the Gruyére, the Parmesan, and salt and pepper to taste, and stir the mixture until the cheeses are melted. Stir in the ham and serve the sauce over asparagus. (Alternative <END>
INPUT: tartar, mayonnaise, sour cream, bread butter pickles, lemon juice, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tartar Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 cup mayonnaise; 1/4 cup sour cream; 1/4 cup finely chopped bread-and-butter pickles; 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice; 1 garlic clove, finely grated; 1/4 teaspoon hot sauce (preferably Texas Pete); 1/4 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce; 1/4 teaspoon garlic powder; 1/4 teaspoon onion powder; 1/4 teaspoon mustard powder; Kosher salt, freshly ground pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Mix mayonnaise, sour cream, pickles, lemon juice, garlic, hot sauce, Worcestershire sauce, garlic powder, onion powder, and mustard powder in a medium bowl. Season with salt and pepper. Mix mayonnaise, sour cream, pickles, lemon juice, garlic, hot sauce, Worcestershire sauce, garlic powder, onion powder, and mustard powder in a medium bowl. Season with salt and pepper. Do Ahead Tartar sauce can be made 3 days ahead. Cover and chill. Tartar sauce can be made 3 days ahead. Cover and chill. <END>
INPUT: frozen, sugar, water, ascorbic acid, peaches
OUTPUT: TITLE: Frozen Peaches | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup/200 g sugar; 2 cups/500 ml water; 1/2 teaspoon ascorbic acid; About 8 peaches | INSTRUCTIONS: Put the sugar in a saucepan with 2 cups/500 ml water. Boil 5 minutes and add the ascorbic acid. Slice the peaches (peeled if you prefer) into sterilized mason jars. Pour over the syrup to cover. Cook's Note: Don't fill to the top as the contents need space to expand as they freeze. Freeze the jars. <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, salad, navel oranges, lemon juice, virgin olive oil, honey, cinnamon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Orange, Radish and Olive Salad | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 5 navel oranges; 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice; 1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil; 1 teaspoon honey; 1/8 teaspoon cinnamon; 1/8 teaspoon cayenne; 8 radishes, trimmed and cut into thin wedges; 12 oil-cured black olives, pitted and chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: Cut peel and white pith from 4 oranges with a sharp knife. Halve oranges lengthwise, then cut crosswise into 1/4-inch-thick slices. Squeeze enough juice from remaining orange to measure 3 tablespoons. Whisk together orange and lemon juices, oil, honey, cinnamon, and cayenne until emulsified. Season with salt and pepper. Add orange slices, radishes, and olives and gently toss. Let stand at room temperature 15 minutes before serving. Cut peel and white pith from 4 oranges with a sharp knife. Halve oranges lengthwise, then cut crosswise into 1/4-inch-thick slices. Squeeze enough juice from remain <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, spiced, pilaf, onion, olive oil, pearl, allspice, cinnamon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spiced Couscous and Turkey Pilaf | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup finely chopped onion; 3 tablespoons olive oil; 2 cups pearl (Israeli) couscous (10 ounces); 1 teaspoon ground allspice; 1/2 teaspoon cinnamon; 2 2/3 cups water; 1 (19-ounce) can chickpeas, drained and rinsed; 1/4 cup currants; 1 1/2 cups (1-inch) pieces cooked turkey; 1/3 cup packed mint leaves, chopped; Accompaniment: plain yogurt | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook onion in oil in a 4-quart heavy pot over medium heat, stirring occasionally, until golden, about 10 minutes. Add couscous and spices and cook, stirring, until fragrant, about 1 minute. Add water, chickpeas, currants, and 1 teaspoon salt and simmer, covered, until couscous is just tender, 10 to 12 minutes. Remove from heat. Stir in turkey and let stand, covered, until heated through, about 5 minutes. Stir in mint. Cook onion in oil in a 4-quart heavy pot over medium heat, stirring occasionally, until golden, about 10 minutes. Add couscous and spices and cook, stirring, until fragrant, abou <END>
INPUT: Mexican, sour cream, cilantro leaves, lime, Kosher salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cilantro Cream | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup sour cream; 1/4 cup finely chopped fresh cilantro leaves; 1/2 lime, juiced; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: In a small mixing bowl, combine the sour cream, cilantro, and lime juice together. Mix thoroughly; season with salt and pepper. Serve with empanadas. <END>
INPUT: Italian, soup, croutons, butter, olive oil, carrots, garlic, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tomato Soup With Parmesan Croutons | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon butter; 1 tablespoon olive oil; 3 large carrots, peeled and finely diced; 1 clove garlic, grated on a rasp grater; 1 medium onion, finely diced; 2 tablespoons tomato paste; Three 28-ounce cans whole tomatoes; 4 cups vegetable or chicken broth; 2 tablespoons finely minced fresh parsley; 1/2 cup heavy cream; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh basil; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1/2 baguette, sliced into rounds; Olive oil, for drizzling; 1/2 cup grated Parmesan | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: an immersion blender For the soup: In a large pot, heat the butter and oil over medium-high heat. Add the carrots, garlic and onions and stir and cook for 5 minutes. Add the tomato paste and cook, stirring, another 2 to 3 minutes. Add the canned tomatoes, broth, parsley and 1 cup water and stir. Bring to a boil, then reduce the heat, cover the pot and simmer for 15 minutes. Use an immersion blender to puree the mixture, still leaving some texture to the tomatoes. Add the cream, basil and some salt and pepper, and simmer for another 5 minutes. For the croutons: Drizzle the ba <END>
INPUT: cookies, all purpose flour, baking soda, kosher salt, cinnamon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Molasses Cookies | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 1/3 cups all-purpose flour; 1 1/2 teaspoons baking soda; Pinch kosher salt; 3/4 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1/4 teaspoon ground cloves; 1/2 teaspoon ground allspice; 3/4 cup unsalted butter, at room temperature; 1/2 cup dark brown sugar; 1/2 cup granulated sugar, plus more for rolling; 1 large egg; 1 1/2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract; 1/2 cup molasses | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. Sift the flour, baking soda, salt, cinnamon, cloves, and allspice into a large bowl. 2. Put the butter, dark brown sugar, and granulated sugar in the bowl of a stand mixer and cream them together on medium-high speed until light and fluffy, about 3 minutes. Add the egg and the vanilla and beat to incorporate. Add the molasses and beat until combined. 3. Working in three batches, gradually add the dry ingredients to the wet, mixing on low speed to incorporate between additions. Turn the dough out onto a sheet of plastic wrap; tightly wrap, and chill for 30 minutes and up to overnight. 4. Whe <END>
INPUT: Indian, cake, all purpose flour, cardamom, baking soda, salt, cinnamon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sour Cream Cake with Cardamom and Pistachios | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups all purpose flour; 1 1/8 teaspoons ground cardamom; 3/4 teaspoon baking soda; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/8 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1 cup plus 2 teaspoons sugar; 6 tablespoons (3/4 stick) unsalted butter, room temperature; 4 large eggs; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; 1 cup sour cream; 1/2 cup coarsely chopped roasted unsalted pistachios (about 3 ounces) | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350°F. Butter 8-inch-diameter cake pan with 2-inch-high sides. Dust with flour; tap out excess. Sift 2 cups flour, ground cardamom, baking soda, salt and ground cinnamon into medium bowl. Using electric mixer, beat 1 cup sugar and 6 tablespoons butter in large bowl until well blended. Beat in eggs 1 at a time. Mix in vanilla extract. Fold in dry ingredients alternately with sour cream in 3 additions each. Transfer batter to prepared cake pan. Sprinkle with chopped pistachios, then remaining 2 teaspoons sugar. Bake cake until top begins to crack and tester inserted into center c <END>
INPUT: marmalade, olive oil, onions, salt, tawny Port, prunes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Red Onion Marmalade with Chestnuts | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 tablespoons olive oil; 6 cups thinly sliced red onions (about 4 medium); 1 teaspoon salt; 1 cup tawny Port; 1/4 cup chopped pitted prunes (dried plums); 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar; 2 teaspoons chopped fresh thyme; 12 peeled roasted chestnuts from jar,* halved | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat 3 tablespoons oil in large deep nonstick skillet over high heat. Add onions and 1 teaspoon salt. Sprinkle with pepper. Sauté until onions are beginning to brown, about 5 minutes. Reduce heat to medium-low; cover and cook until onions are soft, stirring occasionally, about 15 minutes. Increase heat to high; uncover and sauté until onions are brown, about 5 minutes. Add Port, prunes, and vinegar; stir until liquid evaporates and onions darken, about 3 minutes. Add thyme; stir 1 minute. Remove from heat. Heat 1 tablespoon oil in small skillet over medium-high heat. Add chestnuts and sauté un <END>
INPUT: farro, chicken stock reduced, water, garlic, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Farro with Fennel and Carrots | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 lb farro (2 3/4 cups); 3 cups chicken stock or reduced-sodium chicken broth (24 fl oz); 2 cups water; 1 garlic clove; 1 1/2 teaspoons salt; 1 large fennel bulb (1 lb; sometimes labeled "anise"), stalks discarded and bulb cut into 1/4-inch dice; 1/2 cup pitted Kalamata or other brine-cured black olives (3 oz), quartered; 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 3 tablespoons red-wine vinegar; 1/2 teaspoon black pepper; 1/2 lb carrots (about 5 medium); 1 cup chopped fresh flat-leaf parsley; Special equipment: an adjustable-blade slicer | INSTRUCTIONS: Cover farro with cold water in a bowl and soak 30 minutes, then drain in a colander. Bring farro, stock, and water (2 cups) to a boil in a 4-quart heavy pot, then reduce heat and simmer, uncovered, until farro is tender, 15 to 20 minutes. Drain in colander. While farro cooks, mince garlic and mash to a paste with 1/4 teaspoon salt using a large heavy knife. Transfer to a large bowl and add fennel, olives, oil, vinegar, pepper, and remaining 1 1/4 teaspoons salt. Cut carrots into 3/4-inch-thick long diagonal slices with slicer, then, using a knife, cut slices into 3/4-inch-thick matchsticks. Ad <END>
INPUT: milliard, seedless grapes, granulated sugar, egg, egg yolk
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grapes Milliard | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound seedless red grapes (about 3 cups), rinsed well and drained; 1/2 stick (1/4 cup) unsalted butter, softened; 1/3 cup granulated sugar; 1 whole large egg; 1 large egg yolk; 1/2 cup all-purpose flour; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 1/2 cup milk; 1 tablespoon Armagnac, or to taste; confectioners' sugar for dusting; Accompaniment: lightly sweetened whipped cream | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 300°F. In a shallow glass baking dish arrange grapes in one layer and bake in middle of oven 30 minutes. Cool grapes completely. Reserve 1 cup grapes and transfer remaining grapes to a 6- to 8-cup shallow baking dish. Increase temperature to 375°F. In a bowl with an electric mixer cream together butter and granulated sugar until light and fluffy and beat in whole egg and yolk until combined well. Add flour and salt and beat mixture on low speed until just combined. Add milk and Armagnac, beating until batter is just combined, and pour over grapes in baking dish, spreading evenl <END>
INPUT: broiler fryer chicken, lemon juice, olive oil, garlic, thyme
OUTPUT: TITLE: Broiled Chicken with Rosemary | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: One 3 1/2 to 4 pound broiler-fryer chicken; 3 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 1/4 cup olive oil; 2 garlic cloves, minced; 2 teaspoons minced fresh thyme or 1 teaspoon dried; 2 teaspoons minced fresh rosemary or 1 teaspoon crumbled dried; Salt and freshly ground pepper to taste; Melted unsalted butter for brushing chicken; Salt and pepper; Sprigs of watercress for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: With a sharp knife cut along one side of the backbone of the chicken from neck to tail. Spread the chicken open, cut along the other side of the backbone from neck to tail, and remove the backbone. Put the chicken skin side down on a cutting board, pull out the breastbone, and flatten the chicken slightly with the flat side of a cleaver or a large knife. Turn the chicken over, cut a horizontal slit through the skin between the lower breast and each thigh, and tuck the tips of the legs through the slits. Tuck the wing tips behind the shoulders and remove and discard the fat. Make the seasoning: <END>
INPUT: Mexican, scaloppine, sauce, all purpose flour, kosher salt, pepper, unsalted butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken Scaloppine with Fresh Tomato or Salsa Sauce | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 4 boneless, skinless chicken breast halves, about 6 ounces each; 1/2 cup all-purpose flour; 1 1/2 teaspoons kosher salt, plus extra as needed; 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, plus extra as needed; 3 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1 small shallot, minced; 1 garlic clove, minced; 2 medium seeded and chopped fresh tomatoes or 2 cups store-bought fresh salsa; 1 cup chicken stock, preferably homemade; 1 tablespoon shredded fresh basil leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Sprinkle a small amount of water on a large sheet of plastic wrap. Place 2 of the breast halves on top of the plastic and sprinkle again with water. Cover with another sheet of plastic wrap and pound with a rolling pin or meat pounder until about 1/4-inch thick. Repeat with the remaining 2 breast halves. Mix the flour with the salt and pepper in a shallow pie plate. Heat half the butter in a large skillet over medium-high heat until hot. Working in 2 batches, place the chicken in the flour mixture and turn to coat on all sides. Shake off the excess flour and add  <END>
INPUT: Indian, vegetable oil, onion, garlic, ginger, jalapeno pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tomato-Cauliflower Curry with Corn | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 1/3 cup vegetable oil; 1 onion, chopped; 4 cloves garlic, finely chopped; 2 tablespoons grated peeled fresh ginger; 1 jalapeno pepper (remove seeds for less heat), finely chopped; 2 tablespoons tomato paste; 1 1/2 tablespoons Madras curry powder; 1 1/2 tablespoons garam masala; 1 cinnamon stick; 1/2 head cauliflower, cut into florets; 1 15-ounce can chickpeas, drained and rinsed; 2 pounds plum tomatoes, quartered; 3 ears of corn, kernels cut off (about 2 cups); 1/2 cup heavy cream; 2 teaspoons honey | INSTRUCTIONS: Make the curry: Heat the vegetable oil in a large Dutch oven over medium heat. Add the onion and cook, stirring occasionally, until lightly golden, about 8 minutes. Add the garlic, ginger and jalapeno. Cook, stirring, until sizzling, about 1 minute. Add the tomato paste and cook, stirring, until it dissolves into the oil, about 1 minute. Add the curry powder, garam masala and cinnamon stick. Cook, stirring, until the spices darken, about 1 minute. Add 2 cups water, the cauliflower and chickpeas. Bring to a simmer, cover and cook until the cauliflower is almost tender, about 6 minutes. Add the  <END>
INPUT: Italian, ouncescavatappi other spiral, butternut squash, spinach leaves, garlic, olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pasta with Butternut Squash and Spinach | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 6 ouncescavatappi or other spiral-shaped pasta; 1 small butternut squash (about 1 pound); 5 cups packed spinach leaves (about 1 bunch); 2 garlic cloves; 1 tablespoon olive oil; 2 teaspoons fresh lemon juice; 1/2 cup freshly grated Parmesan (about 1 1/2 ounces) | INSTRUCTIONS: Fill a 4-quart kettle three fourths full with salted water and bring to a boil for cooking pasta. Quarter, seed, and peel squash. Cut squash into 1/2-inch cubes. Coarsely chop spinach and mince garlic. In a large heavy skillet heat oil over moderately high heat until hot but not smoking and sauté squash with salt to taste, stirring occasionally, until almost tender, about 7 minutes. While squash is cooking, cook pasta in boiling water until al dente. Reserve 1/2 cup cooking water and drain pasta in a colander. Add spinach and garlic to skillet with squash and cook over moderately high heat, st <END>
INPUT: onions, distilled vinegar, lime juice, orange juice, sugar, Kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pickled Red Onions and Fresno Chiles | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup distilled white vinegar; 1/4 cup lime juice; 1/4 cup orange juice; 1 tablespoon brown sugar; Kosher salt; 2 Fresno chiles, thinly sliced; 1 red onion, thinly sliced | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine the vinegar, lime juice, orange juice, sugar and 2 teaspoons salt in a small saucepan. Place over medium-high heat and bring to a simmer. Pour the hot mixture over the Fresno chiles and onions in a heat-proof bowl and allow to cool at least 10 minutes before serving, or allow to cool completely and refrigerate until ready to use. <END>
INPUT: oven, Vegetable olive oil, cultivated mushrooms, garlic, Salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Oven Roasted Mushrooms | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Vegetable or olive oil; 1 pound cultivated mushrooms, trimmed, halved or quartered; 3 cloves garlic, peeled and crushed; Salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 450 degrees. Lightly oil shallow baking pan large enough to hold mushrooms in single layer. Add mushrooms and toss with 2 to 3 tablespoons oil. Add garlic; season with salt; roast for 20 minutes stirring on occasion; mushrooms should be browned. Season with pepper. <END>
INPUT: rolls, spring roll wrappers, Maple syrup, mango, cornstarch blended water, vegetable oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sweet Mango Spring Rolls | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 12 small spring roll wrappers; Maple syrup, for brushing and drizzling; 12 slices mango, about 1-inch in length and 1/2-inch thick; 1 tablespoon cornstarch blended with 1 tablespoon warm water; 4 tablespoons vegetable oil; Honey, for brushing; 1/2 cup sweetened coconut flakes, toasted; Vanilla ice cream, for serving | INSTRUCTIONS: Place a spring roll wrapper on a flat surface with the corner pointed toward you. Lightly brush the center of the wrapper with maple syrup. Lay a slice of mango across the wrapper from corner to corner. Fold in the side corners of the wrapper toward the middle, fold up the bottom corner and then roll up. Seal the top of the wrapper by brushing some of the cornstarch mixture along the edges of the wrapper to help seal. Put onto a plate seam-side down while preparing the remaining spring rolls. Heat a wok or small skillet over medium-high heat and add 1 tablespoon vegetable oil. Add the rolls a  <END>
INPUT: medallions, guava juice, wine, mission figs, Turbinado sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Guava Glazed Chicken Medallions with Candied Figs | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 (4-ounce) chicken breasts; 1 cup guava juice, plus 1 cup (found in international aisle of your local supermarket); 1/2 cup white wine, plus 1/2 cup; 1 pint black mission figs; Turbinado sugar (brown granulated sugar); 2 cups baby spinach, cleaned; 1/4 cup olive oil; Salt and pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Marinate the chicken breasts in 1 cup of the guava juice and 1/2 cup of white wine for approximately 15 to 30 minutes. In a saucepan over medium heat, combine the remaining 1 cup guava and 1/2 cup wine. Bring to a boil, reduce to a simmer, and cook until the mixture is reduced to a glaze consistency, the time will vary. You want the glaze to have a thick, but not jelly-like consistency. Cut the figs in half lengthwise, and coat the flesh with turbinado sugar. Brush with oil and then sear in a hot skillet, sugar side down, for approximately 1 to 2 minutes, until the sugar melts but does not bur <END>
INPUT: American, radishes, cream cheese, lemon juice, chives
OUTPUT: TITLE: Radishes with Chive Cream Cheese | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 8 medium radishes; 2 tablespoons cream cheese, softened; 1 teaspoon fresh lemon juice; 2 tablespoons thinly sliced fresh chives | INSTRUCTIONS: Trim root ends of radishes so radishes will stand upright and cut 1/4 inch from stem ends. With a small melon-ball cutter scoop out center of each radish, leaving a 1/3-inch-thick shell. In a small bowl whisk together cream cheese, lemon juice, chives, and salt and pepper to taste. With a small knife fill radishes with cream cheese mixture. Trim root ends of radishes so radishes will stand upright and cut 1/4 inch from stem ends. With a small melon-ball cutter scoop out center of each radish, leaving a 1/3-inch-thick shell. In a small bowl whisk together cream cheese, lemon juice, chives, and  <END>
INPUT: kosher salt, pepper, granulated garlic, cayenne, beef brisket
OUTPUT: TITLE: Smoked Beef Brisket | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup kosher salt; 1/2 cup freshly ground black pepper; 1 tablespoon granulated garlic; 1 teaspoon cayenne; 1 whole beef brisket, about 10 pounds | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Make a dry rub by mixing the salt, pepper, garlic and cayenne in a small bowl. Trim the brisket fat and season liberally with the dry rub. Put into a preheated 250 degree smoker and smoke it for 8 to 10 hours. Shift the position of the brisket every 2 hours. Remove when the brisket is tender which is determined by poking it with a toothpick. Transfer to a cutting board and slice. Arrange on a serving platter and serve. <END>
INPUT: Italian, pesto, basil leaves, olive oil, Pecorino Romano cheese, Parmesan cheese, pine nuts
OUTPUT: TITLE: Trenette with Pesto, Potatoes and Green Beans | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup packed fresh basil leaves (about 2 bunches); 1/2 cup olive oil (preferably extra-virgin); 6 tablespoons freshly grated Pecorino Romano cheese (about 1 ounce); 6 tablespoons freshly grated Parmesan cheese (about 1 ounce); 1/4 cup pine nuts, toasted; 1 1/2 teaspoons minced garlic; 2 medium russet potatoes (about 3/4 pound), peeled, cut into 1/2-inch cubes; 6 ounces green beans, trimmed, cut into 3-inch lengths; 1 pound trenette; Additional freshly grated Pecorino Romano cheese | INSTRUCTIONS: Finely grind basil, oil, 6 tablespoons each Romano and Parmesan cheeses, toasted pine nuts and minced garlic in processor. Season pesto to taste with salt and pepper. (Pesto can be prepared 2 days ahead. Press plastic wrap onto surface of pesto and refrigerate.) Cook potatoes in large pot of boiling salted water until just tender, about 5 minutes. Using slotted spoon, transfer potatoes to large bowl. Add green beans to same pot and cook until crisp-tender, about 3 minutes. Using slotted spoon, transfer to bowl with potatoes. Cook pasta in same pot until tender but still firm to bite. Drain, re <END>
INPUT: raspberry, raspberries, sugar, unflavored gelatin powder, half half
OUTPUT: TITLE: Raspberry-Chocolate Gelatin | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 cups raspberries, plus more for topping; 1 cup sugar; 6 teaspoons unflavored gelatin powder (about three 1/4-ounce packets); Cooking spray; 2/3 cup half-and-half; 2 ounces semisweet chocolate, finely chopped; Whipped cream, for topping | INSTRUCTIONS: Puree the raspberries with 3/4 cup sugar and 1/3 cup water in a blender. Pour through a fine-mesh sieve into a bowl. Bring half of the raspberry puree to a boil in a small saucepan over medium heat. Sprinkle 4 teaspoons gelatin over 1/2 cup cold water in a medium bowl; let stand 1 minute. Stir in the hot raspberry puree until the gelatin dissolves, then stir in the remaining raspberry puree. Spray nine 5-ounce paper cups with cooking spray. Fill each cup about three-quarters full with the raspberry gelatin mixture. Refrigerate until the gelatin starts setting but the surface is still tacky, ab <END>
INPUT: gratin, Idaho potatoes, butter, garlic, milk, heavy cream
OUTPUT: TITLE: Potato Gratin | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 Idaho potatoes; 2 tablespoons butter, plus 1 1/2 ounces butter; 1 clove garlic, minced; 1 cup milk; 1 cup heavy cream; 3 eggs; 1/2 teaspoon ground nutmeg; 1 teaspoon kosher salt; 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 3/4 cup finely grated Gruyere; 1/2 cup finely grated Parmesan | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Using a mandolin, thinly slice the potatoes into rounds, and then soak, rinse, and dry the potatoes. Coat the bottoms of 4 fluted (8-ounce) oval ramekins with 2 tablespoons butter and sprinkle the garlic evenly among the ramekins, and set aside. In a medium bowl, whisk together the milk, cream, eggs, nutmeg, salt, and pepper. In the ramekins, layer the potatoes, Gruyere, and cream mixture. Press down lightly with hands to compress. Top each ramekin with tabs of butter and the Parmesan. Place the ramekins in a water bath and bake until tender and golden brown. <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, burgers, sauce, Handful walnut halves, virgin olive oil, onion, milk, feta crumbles
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lamb Burgers with Feta Sauce and Spinach | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: Handful walnut halves, about 3 to 4 tablespoons; 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1/2 small red onion, finely chopped; 1/3 cup whole milk; 2/3 cup feta crumbles; 1 tablespoon freshly chopped marjoram or oregano, or 1 teaspoon dried; Few sprigs mint, leaves chopped; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 1/2 pounds ground lamb; 1 teaspoon paprika or smoked paprika; A couple pinches ground cinnamon; 1 clove garlic, crushed; 2 bunches farm spinach leaves, stemmed, washed and dried; Nutmeg, freshly grated; Ciabatta rolls or sliced crusty bread, toasted | INSTRUCTIONS: Toast the walnuts in a dry skillet over medium heat. Remove to a plate and set aside. Add 1/2 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil, half a turn of the pan, and the onions. Cook for 5 minutes to soften, then put them in mixing bowl to cool. While onions cool, put the milk, feta, half of the marjoram or oregano, mint, salt and pepper, to taste, and the nuts in a food processor and process to a thick, smooth sauce. Add lamb to the bowl with the onions and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Stir in the remaining marjoram or oregano, paprika and cinnamon. Form the mixture into 4 patties, thinner a <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, linguini, virgin olive oil, pancetta bacon, onion, crimini mushrooms button
OUTPUT: TITLE: Veal Scaloppini with Wine, Mushroom and Green Olive | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 pound linguini; 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil, 4 turns of the pan, plus some for drizzling; 3 slices pancetta or bacon, chopped; 1 small onion, chopped; 16 crimini mushrooms or button mushrooms, chopped; 1 pound veal scaloppini, cut into 1-inch strips; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 cloves garlic, smashed; 1 cup dry white wine; 16 pitted, large green olives, coarsely chopped; A handful chopped flat-leaf Italian parsley; 1 tablespoon butter, cut into pieces; 1/3 cup grated Parmigiano-Reggiano or Romano, a couple of handfuls | INSTRUCTIONS: Place pasta water on to boil and cook linguini 8 minutes, to al dente in salted water. Drain and reserve. Keep warm. Preheat a large, heavy skillet over medium to medium high heat. Add 1 turn of the pan or 1 tablespoon extra virgin olive oil and the pancetta or bacon. Cook pancetta or bacon 1 to 2 minutes alone, then add onions and cook another 2 or 3 minutes. Add mushrooms to the pan and cook together with the onions 3 to 5 minutes. Season veal strips with salt and pepper. In a second skillet preheated over medium high heat, add 1 1/2 turns of extra-virgin olive oil and 1 clove smashed garlic <END>
INPUT: Mexican, chicken breast, Salt pepper taste, cumin, olive oil, shallots
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sauteed Chicken Breast with Clover Honey and Chili | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound chicken breast, all skin and bones removed, sliced into thin strips; Salt and freshly ground black pepper to taste; 1 teaspoon dried cumin; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 3 tablespoons finely chopped shallots; 1/2 cup clover honey, slightly warmed; 3 tablespoons sherry vinegar; 3 tablespoons medium hot chili paste, Ancho chilies; 1 cup chicken stock; 1/4 cup sour cream; 4 tablespoons chopped cilantro leaves; 1/2 cup pecans, roughly chopped and toasted | INSTRUCTIONS: Season the strips of chicken breast with salt, pepper and the ground cumin. Heat a skillet with the olive oil until hot but not smoking. Add the chicken to the pan, spreading the chicken out to evenly cook the strips. Cook the chicken until golden brown, add the chopped shallots and continue to cook, giving the pan a good stiff flip every now and then. Add the honey and vinegar to the pan, removing chicken to plate while sauce is completed. Be careful of the volatile combination of hot honey and vinegar. Quickly stir in the chili paste and the stock, bring to the boil and reduce the sauce quic <END>
INPUT: American, seattle, rack beef back, seasoning salt, vegetable broth, apple juice, BBQ sauce
OUTPUT: TITLE: Seattle BBQ Beef Ribs | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 rack beef back ribs (about 3 pounds total), cut in 1/2; 1 teaspoon seasoning salt; 1 cup vegetable broth; 1 cup apple juice; 2 cups store-bought BBQ sauce; 2 tablespoons apple cider vinegar; 1 teaspoon molasses; 1 teaspoon instant espresso or 2 tablespoons strong brewed coffee; Sliced green apple, to garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Place ribs in heavy large pot. Add seasoning salt, vegetable broth and apple juice plus enough water to cover ribs and bring to boil. Reduce heat to medium-low and simmer gently until meat is tender, about 1 hour. Using tongs, remove rib racks from pot. Cool slightly. Cut between bones into individual ribs. (Can be made to this point 1 day ahead. Cover and refrigerate.) Preheat grill to medium heat. In a medium bowl, combine BBQ sauce, vinegar, molasses and coffee. Brush ribs with some of sauce. Grill ribs until brown and thickly glazed, occasionally turning and  <END>
INPUT: American, cheese, unsalted butter, panko bread crumbs, sharp sharp Cheddar, elbow macaroni, milk
OUTPUT: TITLE: Macaroni and Cheese | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, plus more to grease the baking dish; 1 cup panko bread crumbs; 24 ounces sharp or extra-sharp Cheddar, grated (about 9 cups total); 1 pound elbow macaroni; 3 1/4 cups whole milk; 3 tablespoons all-purpose flour; 1 1/2 teaspoons dry mustard; 1 teaspoon fine sea salt; 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; Equipment: 9- by 13-inch baking dish, flat-edged wooden spoon or heat-safe rubber spatula | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350°F. Lightly butter a 9- by 13-inch baking dish. In a small saucepan over moderate heat, melt 3 tablespoons of the butter. Place the panko bread crumbs in a small bowl, drizzle with the melted butter, and toss to combine. Add a handful of the grated cheese to the bowl, toss to combine, and set aside. In a large pot of boiling salted water, cook the elbow macaroni until al dente. Drain the noodles, without rinsing, then return them to the pot they were cooked in. In a small saucepan over moderate heat, warm the milk just until it starts to steam and form tiny bubbles aroun <END>
INPUT: American, empanadas, Swiss Chard, onion, Cotija cheese, melting cheese, egg
OUTPUT: TITLE: Swiss Chard Empanadas | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 bunches Swiss Chard, washed, ends trimmed, leaves cut in small pieces, stems cut in 1/2-inch dice; 1 large white onion, peeled and diced; 3/4 cup grated Cotija cheese (or aged Romano or Parmesan); 1/4 cup grated melting cheese (Asadero, Manchego, Panela, Jack); 1 egg beaten, for egg wash; 1/2 teaspoon salt (or to taste depending on the saltiness of the cheeses); 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; Squeeze of lime; 2 cups flour; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/2 cup chilled lard (or substitute 2 tablespoons olive oil unsalted butter); 1 1/2 tablespoons unsalted butter chilled; About 1/3 cup iced water | INSTRUCTIONS: To make dough: In a large bowl combine flour, salt, lard, and butter. Mix lightly with your fingers until the dough forms pea-sized pieces. Stir in iced water and lightly knead until dough forms a ball. Wrap in plastic wrap and refrigerate for 1-2 hours or overnight. To make filling: Heat olive oil in a frying pan and add diced onion, salt and pepper. Cook over moderate heat until onions are soft and begin to turn lightly golden. Add chard stems and cook a minute or two then add the chard leaves and cook until tender, about 3-4 minutes. Remove from heat and cool. Mix cooled cooked chard with g <END>
INPUT: mexican, bowl, sweet potatoes, Coconut oil, garlic, onion, chicken breast
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mexican-Style Spicy Sweet Potato and Chicken Bowl | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 sweet potatoes, peeled and chopped into chunks; Coconut oil, for greasing and frying; 1 garlic clove, crushed; 1 red onion, finely diced; 200g skinless chicken breast, cut into chunks; 1 teaspoons paprika, plus extra for sprinkling; 200g canned chopped tomatoes; 1 ripe avocado, pit removed and flesh cut into chunks; 2 tablespoons sour cream; 1 small handful of fresh cilantro; Sea salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 200°C/400°F/Gas Mark 6. Massage the sweet potato chunks with a little coconut oil, season well and then place onto a foil-lined tray. Bake in the oven for about 35 minutes. Meanwhile, heat a small amount of coconut oil in a frying pan, add the garlic and red onion and fry gently until slightly softened. Add the chicken breast chunks, lightly season with paprika and a pinch of salt and pepper and brown the chicken for a few minutes. Add the chopped tomatoes, then leave to simmer for 20 minutes until thickened. Once the sweet potato is cooked, add to the pan and stir through. <END>
INPUT: shoestring, canola oil, russet potatoes, Salt pepper, paprika, stone mustard
OUTPUT: TITLE: "On a Shoestring" Shoestring Potatoes with Honey Mustard Dressing | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 cups canola oil, for frying; 1 1/2 pounds russet potatoes; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 teaspoons paprika; 4 tablespoons stone-ground mustard; 2 tablespoons honey; 2 tablespoons mayonnaise | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat the oil in a large deep heavy bottomed pan over medium heat to 375 degrees F. Peel potatoes and, using a mandoline, carefully cut into 1/8-inch thick julienne-style potatoes. Fry potatoes in small batches making sure to return the oil to correct temperature between each batch. Remove the potatoes from the oil and drain on paper towels. When all the potatoes have been fried, place in a serving bowl and season with salt, pepper and paprika. Mix together the mustard, honey and mayonnaise in a small bowl and drizzle over the potatoes. <END>
INPUT: cocotte, butter, thyme leaves, eggs, Gray salt course
OUTPUT: TITLE: Eggs en Cocotte | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 1/2 tablespoons butter; 2 1/2 tablespoons freshly chopped thyme leaves; 12 eggs, preferably organic; Gray salt or course sea salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Rub the inside of 6 ramekins with the butter and then season with the thyme, distributing both equally amongst the ramekins. Add 2 eggs to each, season with salt and pepper. Place the ramekins in a baking dish, and pour water into the baking dish until it is halfway up the sides of the ramekins. Carefully place the baking dish in the pre-heated oven. Bake eggs for 15 minutes, or until set and golden on top. Eat and enjoy! <END>
INPUT: saute, sea bass fillet, Salt pepper, blended olive oil, sweet corn, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Black Sea Bass with Corn and Jumbo Lump Crab Saute | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 8 ounces black sea bass fillet, cleaned and scaled, skin on; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 ounces blended olive oil, plus 2 ounces; 2 ears fresh sweet corn, cut off the cob; 1/4 cup diced onion; 1/2 red bell pepper, diced; 1 teaspoon diced poblano pepper; 2 ounces jumbo lump crab, picked over and cartilage removed; 1 tablespoon minced chives; 1 teaspoon chopped fresh thyme leaves, plus 1 sprig for garnish; 1/2 cup chicken stock; 2 tablespoons sweet butter, cold; 2 to 4 roasted fingerling potatoes | INSTRUCTIONS: Score the skin side of the sea bass fillet (make a few small slit marks in the skin with a sharp knife). Season the fish with salt and pepper. Preheat a medium saute pan over high heat and add 2 ounces of olive oil. When the oil is smoking, add the fish, skin side down. Reduce heat to medium and press fillet with a spatula to crisp the skin. When the skin is browned, flip fish. (The total cooking time for the fish should be 5 minutes). Remove from pan and keep warm. Add the remaining 2 ounces olive oil to the saute pan. Add the corn, onion, red pepper, and poblano pepper and saute for 1 minute <END>
INPUT: buttered, maple syrup, butter, spiced rum, Boiling water
OUTPUT: TITLE: Hot Maple Buttered Rum | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 ounces maple syrup; 1 cup softened butter; 1 1/4 ounces spiced rum; Boiling water, to finish | INSTRUCTIONS: To make maple butter, whip approximately 4 ounces maple syrup into 1 cup softened butter. Set aside. Add spiced rum and 1 pat of maple butter to wine glass or Irish coffee mug. Fill with boiling water stir and serve.; <END>
INPUT: Mexican, brown, olive oil, cauliflower, Kosher salt, unsalted butter, shelled pumpkin seeds
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cauliflower With Pumpkin Seeds, Brown Butter, and Lime | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons olive oil, divided; 1 large head of cauliflower; Kosher salt, freshly ground pepper; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1/4 cup raw shelled pumpkin seeds; 1/2 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes; 1/4 cup chopped fresh cilantro, plus leaves with tender stems for serving; 1 tablespoon fresh lime juice | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 450°F. Coat a large rimmed baking sheet with 1 Tbsp. oil. Trim cauliflower stalk and place head stalk side down on a cutting board. Slice cauliflower lengthwise into 1/2" slices. Arrange cauliflower slices and any stray pieces in a single layer on prepared baking sheet. Drizzle with 1 Tbsp. oil and season with salt and pepper. Roast until underside is deeply browned, 20–25 minutes. Turn cauliflower over, season with salt and pepper, and continue to roast until other side is dark brown and crisp, 15–20 minutes longer. Meanwhile, melt butter in a small skillet over medium. Add pu <END>
INPUT: American, dressing, wild rice, water, Spanish style chorizo, unsalted butter, Spanish onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Wild Rice and Goat Cheese Dressing | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups wild rice; 6 cups water; 3/4 pound Spanish-style chorizo, diced, see Cook's note*; 5 tablespoons unsalted butter, plus extra for greasing the dish; 1 cup Spanish onion, diced; 1/2 cup diced carrots; 1/2 cup diced celery; 3 cloves garlic, finely chopped; 2 tablespoons fresh thyme, chopped; 1 (day-old) loaf country-style bread, cubed; 2 to 4 cups homemade chicken stock; 12 ounces goat cheese; 1/2 cup fresh flat-leaf parsley, chopped; Freshly ground black pepper; Kosher salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Combine the rice, water and 1 tablespoon of salt in a large saucepan, bring to a boil over high heat and cook until the grains open all the way, about 1 hour, 15 minutes to 1 hour, 30 minutes. The rice should be very cooked (not even the slightest chewy). Drain well, place in a large bowl and set aside. Heat the butter in a large high-sided saute pan over medium-high heat. Add the chorizo, onions, carrots and celery and cook until soft. Add the garlic and thyme and cook for 1 minute. Add the onion mixture, bread, goat cheese, pa <END>
INPUT: buttery, butter, garlic, English ale, spicy mustard
OUTPUT: TITLE: Buttery Ale Asparagus | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 (10.5-ounce) bags frozen asparagus spears, thawed; 1 tablespoon butter; 1 teaspoon chopped garlic; 1/2 cup English ale; 1 tablespoon spicy brown mustard; Salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Melt butter in a large skillet over medium heat. Add garlic and saute for 1 minute. Add the ale and cook until the ale has reduced by half. Whisk in mustard and mix in until incorporated. Add the asparagus and season with salt and pepper. Cook for another 3 minutes until the asparagus is heated through. Transfer to a serving bowl and serve immediately. Servings: 4 <END>
INPUT: Mexican, soup, bell peppers, unsalted butter, onion, garlic, tomato paste
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cream of Roasted Red Bell Pepper Soup with Roasted Sweet Corn and Cilantro- Lime Sour Cream | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 8 large red bell peppers; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1 cup chopped onion; 2 cloves minced garlic; 1/4 cup tomato paste; 6 cups chicken stock; 2 cups heavy cream; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro leaves; 2 teaspoons salt; 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 1 to 2 tablespoons cornstarch; 1 cup sweet corn kernels, lightly roasted; Cilantro Lime Sour Cream, recipe follows; 1 cup sour cream; 1/2 lime, juiced | INSTRUCTIONS: Slice the peppers in half lengthwise; remove stem, seeds and membrane. Place under the broiler skin side up until the skin turns black and blisters. Remove and immediately place in a small paper bag or plastic container with a tight lid. Place in the freezer for 10 minutes; this will loosen the roasted skin. Remove peppers and rub off the black skin with your fingers. Chop skinned peppers and set aside. Saute the butter, onions, and garlic until soft in a heavy bottomed soup pot on medium-low heat. Add the reserved red peppers, tomato paste, and chicken stock. Bring to a low boil, reduce the h <END>
INPUT: American, husband, wife, garlic, pepper, kosher salt, olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: "Husband and Wife" BBQ Brisket | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 (4 to 6-pound) brisket of beef, trimmed; 1 teaspoon garlic, chopped; 1/2 tablespoon freshly ground black pepper; 1/2 tablespoon kosher salt; 1 tablespoon olive oil; 2 large onions, chopped very large; 3 carrots, halved; 1 stalk celery, cut into 5-inch slices; 2 bay leaves; 1 quart hot vegetable broth or water; Huckleberry BBQ Sauce, recipe follows; 1 (28-ounce) can diced tomatoes with juice; 1/2 ounce tomato paste; 1 tablespoon apple cider vinegar; 1 teaspoon balsamic vinegar | INSTRUCTIONS: Husband: Trim the heavy outside layer of fat on the brisket, leaving about a 1/4-inch of fat on the meat. Rub with garlic, pepper, and salt. Drizzle the brisket with the olive oil and rub into the meat. Place the brisket over hot coals of charcoal or wood fire and sear well on both sides. Fat side up will flame up quickly and must be well tended. To smoke the brisket, make a cold side and a hot side in the barbecue. Move all the coals to the right side, and put the brisket on the left side. Next, place some wood chips on a tin pan over the coals, and shut the barbecue lid. The coals need to be <END>
INPUT: Asian, duck, sweet rice, chestnuts, shallots, ginger, Chinese sausage
OUTPUT: TITLE: Whole Duck | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 pound sweet rice (soaked overnight); 10 whole chestnuts, shelled, skinned; 2 teaspoons chopped shallots; 2 teaspoons fresh chopped ginger; 2 tablespoons diced Chinese sausage; 3 tablespoons diced prosciutto ham; Dragon Eye Fruit or Langhan (1 package soaked overnight); 2 tablespoons chopped coriander; 10 pieces black tree ear mushroom (soak overnight in warm water); 2 tablespoons chopped green onion; White pepper, to taste; 3 teaspoons light soy sauce; 2 teaspoon Far Dill wine (or first press rice wine); Sugar, to taste; 1/2 cup dark soy sauce | INSTRUCTIONS: For the Filling: After soaking rice overnight, drain out excess water. Steam, covered, over light heat until soft. Boil skinless chestnut in water until soft. In a large pan, saute shallots, ginger, Chinese sausage, and prosciutto, until shallots are soft and translucent. Add all remaining ingredients and spices. Mix well, making sure not to break the chestnuts. Stuff the duck. Sew back up tightly, wrap with string in 3 or 4 places. For the Marinade for the Duck: Mix all ingredients very well together. For the Duck: Pour boiling water over the entire duck. Remove and dry the duck. Rub the mari <END>
INPUT: American, apricots, apricot halves, orange juice, shelled pistachios, soft mild goat
OUTPUT: TITLE: Dried Apricots with Goat Cheese and Pistachio | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 150 dried apricot halves (2 pounds); 1 1/2 cups fresh orange juice; 1 1/2 cups shelled pistachios, 1/2 of them toasted; 1 pound soft mild goat cheese, chilled | INSTRUCTIONS: Toss apricots with juice and let stand, toasting occasionally, 20 minutes. Chop all pistachios, preferably by hand, and season with salt. Drain apricots, cut sides up, on paper towels. Top each with a small chunk of cheese and sprinkle with nuts.; <END>
INPUT: gratin, olive oil, poblano chiles, Yukon Gold potatoes, corn kernels, Oaxaca cheese milk
OUTPUT: TITLE: Poblano, Potato, and Corn Gratin | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 teaspoons olive oil, divided; 2 large fresh poblano chiles,* stemmed, seeded, cut into 2 x 1/4-inch strips; 1 1/4 pounds Yukon Gold potatoes, peeled, cut into 1/8-inch-thick rounds; 1 cup frozen corn kernels, thawed; 1 cup coarsely grated Oaxaca cheese or whole-milk mozzarella cheese, divided; 1 1/2 cups half and half; 2 tablespoons all purpose flour; 3/4 teaspoon salt; 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 400°F. Rub 9 1/2-inch-diameter deep-dish glass pie dish or cast-iron skillet with 2 teaspoons oil. Heat remaining 1 teaspoon oil in large nonstick skillet over medium-high heat. Add poblano strips and sauté until tender, about 5 minutes. Remove from heat. Arrange 1/3 of potato rounds, overlapping slightly, in prepared pie dish. Sprinkle 1/3 of poblano strips over, then 1/3 of corn and 1/3 of cheese. Repeat with 1/3 of potatoes, 1/3 of poblanos, 1/3 of corn, and 1/3 of cheese. Top with remaining potatoes, poblanos, and corn, reserving remaining 1/3 of cheese. Place pie dish on r <END>
INPUT: glaze, butter, Reserved rabbit meat, Salt pepper, shallot, Port
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fettuccini with Rabbit and Currant-Port Glaze | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon butter, plus 1 tablespoon; Reserved rabbit meat, from stock, recipe follows; Salt and pepper; 1 tablespoon diced shallot; 1/2 cup Port; 1/4 cup dried currants; 1 to 1 1/2 cups Rabbit Demi-glace, recipe follows; 1/2 pound cooked fettuccini; Truffle oil; 1 (3 pound) rabbit; 1 cup diced carrots; 1 cup diced celery; 1 cup diced onion; 1 garlic head, halved; 1/2 teaspoon dried thyme | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat 1-tablespoon butter in a skillet until very hot, but not brown. Add diced rabbit meat and season lightly with salt and pepper. Saute until lightly golden. Add shallots. Deglaze pan with port wine and simmer for 1 to 2 minutes. Add currants and rabbit demi-glace. Cook slowly until rabbit is cooked through, about 3 to 4 minutes. Melt remaining butter in a saute pan. Add fettuccini and a dash of truffle oil and toss to heat through. Divide onto 4 plates. Spoon equal amounts of rabbit and sauce over each portion of pasta. Drizzle lightly with more truffle oil. Preheat oven to 375 degrees F. B <END>
INPUT: French, center bacon, cream cheese, mayonnaise, rounded Dijon style, Swiss cheese
OUTPUT: TITLE: Swiss and Bacon Dip | CUISINE: French | INGREDIENTS: 8 slices center cut bacon, chopped; 8 ounces softened cream cheese; 1/2 cup mayonnaise; 2 rounded teaspoons prepared Dijon style mustard; 1 1/2 cups shredded Swiss cheese, available on dairy aisle; 3 scallions, chopped; 1/2 cup smoked almonds, coarsely chopped; Baby carrots and a selection of spiced flat breads, cocktail sized pumpernickel or rye breads, or sliced whole grain baguettes, for dipping | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. Brown bacon in nonstick skillet over medium high heat. Drain crisp bacon bits on paper towels. In a mixing bowl, combine cream cheese, mayonnaise, Dijon, Swiss and scallions with cooked bacon. Transfer to a shallow small casserole or baking dish and bake until golden and bubbly at edges, 15 to 18 minutes. Top with chopped smoked almonds. Place dip on a platter and surround warm casserole with breads and carrots for dipping. <END>
INPUT: bourbon peach liqueur, cinnamon Schnapps, Ice cubes, Cinnamon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sparkling Cinnamon Cider | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 (750-ml) bottle sparkling apple cider; 1/2 cup bourbon and peach liqueur; 1/2 cup cinnamon Schnapps; Ice cubes; Cinnamon sticks, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: In a pitcher, combine sparkling apple cider, bourbon and peach liqueur and cinnamon Schnapps. Stir thoroughly and pour into glasses filled with ice. Garnish with a cinnamon stick in each glass. Serve immediately. <END>
INPUT: bell peppers, slender beans, olive oil, wine vinegar, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Marinated Green Beans and Roasted Red Peppers | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 large red bell peppers; 2 pounds slender green beans, trimmed; 3/4 cup olive oil; 1/3 cup red wine vinegar; 3 garlic cloves, minced; Lettuce leaves (optional) | INSTRUCTIONS: Char peppers over gas flame or in broiler until blackened on all sides. Enclose in paper bag; let stand 10 minutes. Peel and seed peppers. Cut into 1/2-inch-wide strips. Transfer to large bowl. Cook beans in large pot of boiling salted water until crisp-tender, about 5 minutes. Drain. Transfer to bowl of ice water to cool. Drain well. Add to bowl with peppers. Whisk oil, vinegar and garlic in small bowl to blend well. Pour over vegetables; toss. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Cover; chill up to 6 hours. Char peppers over gas flame or in broiler until blackened on all sides. Enclose in p <END>
INPUT: gratin, butter, all purpose flour, heavy cream, Salt pepper, bacon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Collard Greens Gratin | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/3 cup butter, plus more for greasing pan; 1/3 cup all-purpose flour; 2 1/2 cups heavy cream; Salt and ground black pepper; 8 ounces bacon, diced; 1 cup sliced baby portabello mushrooms; 3/4 cup diced red onion; 2 bunches collard greens, rinsed, deveined and cut into 1/8-inch wide strips; 1/2 to 3/4 cup grated Asiago; 1/2 cup french-fried onions | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. In a large saute pan, fry the bacon until half-cooked. Add the mushrooms and red onions and saute until the bacon is fully cooked and onions have softened. Increase the heat to high. Add the collard greens and cook until the greens are wilted. Turn off the heat and set the pan aside. In a separate pan, melt the butter and then add the flour. Cook, whisking frequently, to create a smooth, blond roux (this will take 3 to 4 minutes; do not brown, as the goal is just to remove the raw taste from the flour). Slowly add the cream while whisking and adjust the heat  <END>
INPUT: American, tart, all purpose flour, Kosher salt pepper, wine vinegar, ice water
OUTPUT: TITLE: Zucchini and Goat Cheese Tart | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/4 cups all-purpose flour; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 10 tablespoons (1 1/4 sticks) cold unsalted butter, 1/2-inch-diced; 1/2 teaspoon white wine vinegar; 5 tablespoons ice water; 1 1/2 pounds zucchini, unpeeled and sliced 1/8 inch thick; 2 tablespoons good olive oil, divided; 8 ounces plain creamy goat cheese, such as Montrachet, at room temperature; 1 teaspoon minced fresh thyme leaves; 1/4 teaspoon grated lemon zest | INSTRUCTIONS: Place the flour, 3/4 teaspoon of salt, and the butter in the bowl of a food processor fitted with the steel blade and pulse 12 to 14 times, until the butter is the size of peas. With the processor running, pour the vinegar and ice water through the feed tube and continue to process and pulse until the dough just comes together. Dump out on a floured board, form into a disk, wrap in plastic, and chill for 30 minutes. Meanwhile, place the zucchini in a colander set over a plate. Toss it with 2 teaspoons of salt and set aside for 30 minutes. Spread the zucchini out on a clean dish towel, roll it  <END>
INPUT: Italian, bowls, mixed, refrigerated pie crust, chicken breast halves, ricotta cheese, Cheddar, Parmesan
OUTPUT: TITLE: Baked Ricotta Bowls with Chicken and Parmesan and a Mixed Green Salad with Tomato-Basil Vinaigrette | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 9-inch refrigerated pie crust; 2 chicken breast halves, cooked and diced; 1 cup ricotta cheese; 1/2 cup shredded Cheddar; 1/4 cup plus 2 tablespoons grated Parmesan; 2 eggs, lightly beaten; 2 teaspoons Dijon mustard; 1/4 cup freshly chopped parsley leaves; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 1 (14-ounce) can diced tomatoes, drained; 1/4 cup packed fresh basil leaves; 1 teaspoon garlic powder; 1 tablespoon red wine vinegar; 2 teaspoons olive oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F. Divide crust into 8 pieces and shape each piece into a ball. Press the balls into the bottom and up the sides of an 8-cup mini muffin tin. Set aside. In a large bowl, combine chicken, ricotta, Cheddar, 1/4 cup of the Parmesan, eggs, Dijon, parsley, salt, and black pepper. Mix well. Spoon mixture into prepared muffin cups and top with remaining Parmesan. Bake 20 minutes, until a knife inserted near the center of 1 cup comes out clean and crust is golden brown. Meanwhile, in a blender, combine tomatoes, basil, garlic powder, vinegar, and oil. Process until smooth.  <END>
INPUT: cookies, dark sugar, sugar, eggs, oil, pure vanilla extract
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate Chip Cookies | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 cup packed dark brown sugar; 3/4 cup sugar; 2 large eggs; 1/2 cup oil; 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract; 1 cup all-purpose flour; 1 cup whole-wheat pastry flour; 3/4 teaspoon baking soda; 1 teaspoon fine salt; 6 ounces semisweet chocolate chips or chunks; 4 ounces dried cranberries or dried cherries | INSTRUCTIONS: Evenly position 2 racks in the middle of the oven and preheat to 375 degrees F. Line 2 baking sheets with parchment paper or silicone sheets. (If you only have 1 baking sheet, let it cool completely between batches.) Whisk the sugars, eggs, oil, and vanilla in a large bowl until smooth. Whisk the flours, baking soda, and salt in another bowl. Stir the dry ingredients into the wet ingredients with a wooden spoon; take care not to overmix. Stir in the chocolate chips or chunks and dried fruit. Scoop heaping tablespoons of the dough onto the prepared pans. Wet hands slightly and roll the dough in <END>
INPUT: Original TABASCO® Pepper, water, salt, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spicy Pepper Butter Fried Turkey | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup (1 stick) unsalted butter; 2 tablespoons Original TABASCO® brand Pepper Sauce; 1/4 cup water; 1 teaspoon salt; 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground pepper; 1/2 teaspoon cayenne pepper; 1 (12- to 14-pound) turkey, rinsed and trussed; Up to 4 gallons peanut oil; Turkey Fry Kit with Injector | INSTRUCTIONS: Two days before frying, set up a large deep fryer with burner base and propane tank, meant for frying turkey, according to manufacturer's instructions. Measure the amount of oil needed by placing the wrapped turkey in the pot and filling the pot with water to cover the turkey by 1 inch. Remove the turkey and mark the water level on the side of the pot. Combine all ingredients, except turkey and oil, in a large saucepan and bring to a boil. Reduce heat and simmer 10 minutes. Cool. Following package instructions, fill the injector that comes with turkey fry kit with butter mixture; inject butter <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, pizza, phyllo, butter, Salt pepper, Olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Scallop Phyllo Pizza With Pinot Noir Sauce | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 15 phyllo sheets, room temperature; 16 ounces butter, melted; Salt and white pepper; 24 (U-10) scallops; Olive oil, to saute; 12 to 14 Peruvian purple potatoes, cut in 2-inch slices; 10 ounces leeks; 8 ounces tomato, seeded and small diced; 8 chervil sprigs; Pinot Noir Sauce, recipe follows; 8 ounces butter, (2 sticks); 3 ounces shallots, minced; 2 cups Pinot Noir; 1 bay leaf; Whole peppercorns | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Lay out a sheet of phyllo on a flat work surface and brush it with melted butter and sprinkle with salt and white pepper. Repeat until you have 15 layers of phyllo. Cut into 2 (6-inch) circles. Lay phyllo out on parchment paper or lightly oiled cookie pan. Bake until golden, about 10 minutes. Remove from oven. Clean scallops by pulling off attaching side muscle. Pat dry with a clean towel. Heat a large heavy-duty saute pan over high heat. Add olive oil and heat almost to the smoke point. Season scallops with salt and pepper. Sear on both sides until golden br <END>
INPUT: soup, vegetables, olive vegetable oil, leeks, carrots, garlic, celery
OUTPUT: TITLE: Turkey Soup with Egg Noodles and Vegetables | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 teaspoons olive or vegetable oil; 2 leeks, cleaned and chopped; 2 carrots, peeled and chopped; 1 clove garlic, minced; 1 stalk celery, chopped; 3 to 4 cups leftover cooked turkey, shredded or cubed; 2 to 3 bay leaves; 2 teaspoons dried thyme; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/4 teaspoon ground black pepper; 8 cups reduced-sodium chicken broth; 6 ounces uncooked egg noodles; 1 cup frozen green peas; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Heat oil in a large stock pot or Dutch oven over medium heat. Add leeks, carrots, garlic, and celery and saute 4 minutes, until soft. Add turkey, bay leaves, thyme, salt, and black pepper and stir to mix well. Add chicken broth and bring mixture to a boil. Reduce heat to medium-low, partially cover and simmer 10 minutes. Return mixture to a boil and add egg noodles. Cook 10 minutes, until egg noodles are just tender. Stir in peas and cook until peas are just heated through, about 1 minute. Remove from heat, discard bay leaves and stir in parsley. <END>
INPUT: fish, canola oil, all purpose flour, kosher salt, pepper, granulated garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fish and Chips | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 quarts canola oil; 4 cups all-purpose flour, plus 2 cups, for dredging; 1 teaspoon kosher salt, plus 1 teaspoon; 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, plus 1 teaspoon; 1 teaspoon granulated garlic, plus 1 teaspoon; 1 teaspoon granulated onion, plus 1 teaspoon; 1 1/2 pints amber ale; 2 1/2 pounds to 3 pounds cod fillets, trimmed and boned; Chips, recipe follows; Remoulade, recipe follows; Lemon crowns; 2 pounds Idaho baking potatoes, scrubbed thoroughly; 2 teaspoons kosher salt; 1 teaspoon cracked black pepper; 1 teaspoon granulated garlic | INSTRUCTIONS: In a deep pot, preheat the cooking oil to 345 degrees F. Thoroughly mix 4 cups of the flour, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 teaspoon pepper, 1 teaspoon garlic, and 1 teaspoon onion. reserving 2 cups of mixture for dredging. Add beer to mixture, whisking to form lump-free, smooth batter. Batter should resemble pancake batter ? thick enough to coat fish well. Cut the fish into 3 to 4 ounce strips and pat dry using paper towels. Combine the remaining flour and seasoning to dredge the fish. Dip cod strips into reserved flour and remaining seasoning mix, coating completely. Then dip breaded strips into  <END>
INPUT: mesquite, bacon, Worcestershire sauce, shallots, garlic, dozen oysters
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mesquite Oysters | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound bacon (plain cure); 2 tbsp Worcestershire sauce; 4 small shallots, finely diced; 4 cloves garlic, finely diced; 1 dozen oysters; 1 pint Parmesan cheese; 1 pint pico de gallo | INSTRUCTIONS: Brown the bacon in a skillet. Remove and allow to cool, reserving the bacon fat. Add Worcestershire sauce to the bacon fat. Add the shallots and garlic to the bacon fat and saute until clear. Crumble the cooked bacon and add back into the skillet. Pour mixture into a metal bowl, and place in a corner of the grill to keep hot. Place oysters (in the shell) on a hot grill. As soon as the oysters start to open, remove from grill and discard the empty half of the shell. Loosen the foot of the oyster and place the oyster in the shell back on the grill. Pour a tablespoon of the bacon mixture on the o <END>
INPUT: sauce, bell pepper, low sodium chicken, beans, Juice lemon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken in Red Pepper Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 skinless, boneless chicken breasts (about 8 ounces each); 1 red bell pepper, quartered; 2 cups low-sodium chicken broth; 1 1/2 pounds green beans, trimmed; Juice of 1/2 lemon; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; Kosher salt; 2 tablespoons sliced almonds; 2 cloves garlic, lightly crushed; 1 thick slice country bread, cut into cubes (1 1/4 cups); 2 tablespoons capers, drained; 2 tablespoons roughly chopped fresh parsley | INSTRUCTIONS: Put the chicken in a medium Dutch oven or heavy pot and add the bell pepper and chicken broth. Bring to a boil. Cover and reduce the heat to medium low; gently simmer until the chicken is just cooked through, about 12 minutes. Transfer the chicken and bell pepper to a plate using a slotted spoon; let cool. Shred the chicken. Add the beans to the pot with the broth. Increase the heat to high, cover and cook until crisp-tender, 7 minutes. Transfer the beans to a colander using a slotted spoon, reserving the broth in the pot; rinse under cold water and let drain. Transfer to a medium bowl and tos <END>
INPUT: dirt, Two round chocolate, chocolate frosting, gummy worms, chocolate wafer cookies, coconut
OUTPUT: TITLE: Stuffed Dirt Cake | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Two 9-inch round chocolate cakes; 4 cups chocolate frosting; 2 cups gummy worms; 32 chocolate wafer cookies, finely crushed (about 2 cups); 2 1/2 cups sweetened shredded coconut; Green food coloring, for decoration; White and yellow royal icings, for decoration; Vanilla wafer cookies, for decoration; Mini marshmallows, for decoration | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: 2 piping bags or resealable plastic bags with 1 corner cut off Cut a 4-inch circle out of the center of each cake (reserve the small cut-out cake rounds). Put 1 of the cake rings on a cake stand or serving platter and frost with about 1 cup of frosting. Put the other cake ring on top and push down slightly. Fill the hole with gummy worms and 1/2 cup crushed chocolate wafer cookie "dirt". Now cut 1 of the small cake rounds in half horizontally to make two thinner rounds. Use one to fill the hole on the top of the cake. Frost the top and sides of the cake with the remaining fr <END>
INPUT: Indian, sofrito, bell pepper, onion, coriander, garlic, oregano
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sofrito Grilled Bread | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup chopped red bell pepper (about 1 small); 1/2 cup chopped onion (about 1 small); 1/4 cup packed fresh coriander sprigs, washed well and spun dry; 2 garlic cloves, minced; 1 teaspoon dried oregano, crumbled; 1/2 teaspoon cumin seeds; twelve 1/4-inch-thick slices nonfat country-style bread (12 ounces total) | INSTRUCTIONS: In a blender purée all ingredients except bread until smooth. In a small heavy saucepan simmer sofrito, stirring, 3 minutes and season with salt and pepper. Sofrito may be made 2 days ahead and chilled, covered. Prepare grill. If desired halve bread slices. Spread some sofrito on 1 side of each bread slice (reserving any remaining sofrito for another use) and grill, sofrito side down, on an oiled rack set 5 to 6 inches over glowing coals until golden brown, about 2 minutes. (Alternatively, bread may be grilled in a hot well-seasoned ridged grill pan over moderately high heat.) Transfer sofrito <END>
INPUT: caribbean, vegetable oil, onion, garlic, Scotch bonnet pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Caribbean Rice and Beans | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup vegetable oil; 1 large onion, chopped; 2 cloves garlic, chopped; 1/2 Scotch bonnet pepper, seeded and diced (while handling, protect your hands and eyes, and avoid breathing fumes); 2 (16-ounce) cans black beans (or your choice of beans), rinsed clean; 2 tablespoons rice wine vinegar; 1 cup dry rice; 2 cups chicken or vegetable stock; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley leaves; 1 tablespoon chopped chives; Hot sauce, to taste (recommended: Tabasco); Salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat the oil in a large skillet. Gently saute onions, garlic and hot peppers, then add beans and vinegar and cook for about 5 minutes. Add the rice to the beans, then stir in stock, reduce heat, and simmer until rice is cooked, about 15 to 20 minutes. Stir in parsley, chives, hot sauce, salt, and pepper and serve. <END>
INPUT: blood, sucking, superfine sugar, milk, marshmallow creme
OUTPUT: TITLE: Edible Blood-Sucking Chocolate Tarantulas with Raspberry Coulis Blood | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 (12-ounce) can condensed milk; 1 cup superfine sugar; 1/2 cup (1 stick) unsalted butter, melted; 2 tablespoons 2 percent milk; 1 cup marshmallow creme (recommended: Marshmallow Fluff); 1 cup finely shredded unsweetened coconut; 1/2 cup coarsely crushed wheat crackers (recommended: Triscuits); 1/2 cup coarsely crushed salted potato chips; 2 pounds dark chocolate compound discs (non-tempering chocolate), divided; 6 drops caramel oil (available in the candy section of craft stores); Edible gold sparkle, for decorating; Raspberry Coulis, recipe follows; 1/2 cup superfine sugar; 3 tablespoons water; 1 pound fresh red raspberries | INSTRUCTIONS: For the caramel: Place the unopened can of condensed milk in a saucepan and cover with water. Boil for 4 hours, keeping the water level constantly above the top of the can. Remove from the pan and allow to cool for 30 minutes before opening. Cool to room temperature (about 70 degrees). For the coconut paste: Mix all of the ingredients together, stirring well using a wooden spoon. Reserve half (for closing the holes later). Roll the paste into 12 (1 1/2-inch) balls for the spider bodies and 12 (3/4-inch) balls for the spider heads. Make a 3/4-inch hole in the center of the larger balls. Place t <END>
INPUT: fashioned, rye whiskey bourbon, pure maple syrup, Angostura bitters, Orange peel
OUTPUT: TITLE: Maple Old-Fashioned | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 ounces rye whiskey or bourbon; 1 teaspoon pure maple syrup; Dash of Angostura bitters; Orange peel (for garnish) | INSTRUCTIONS: Mix whiskey, maple syrup, bitters, and 1 tsp. water in an old-fashioned glass until syrup is dissolved. Add a single large ice cube, then garnish with orange peel. Mix whiskey, maple syrup, bitters, and 1 tsp. water in an old-fashioned glass until syrup is dissolved. Add a single large ice cube, then garnish with orange peel. <END>
INPUT: strawberry, strawberries, sugar if berries, balsamic vinegar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Strawberry Vinegar | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound strawberries, trimmed (3 cups); 2 tablespoons sugar if berries are not sweet; 2 cups white balsamic vinegar | INSTRUCTIONS: Pulse berries with sugar (if using) in a food processor until finely chopped and very juicy. Transfer to a bowl and add vinegar. Let stand 1 hour. Strain vinegar thourough a fine-mesh sieve into a bowl, discarding solids. Pulse berries with sugar (if using) in a food processor until finely chopped and very juicy. Transfer to a bowl and add vinegar. Let stand 1 hour. Strain vinegar thourough a fine-mesh sieve into a bowl, discarding solids. <END>
INPUT: caramel, tart, all purpose flour, salt, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate, Caramel, and Walnut Tart | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cups all purpose flour; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 1/2 cup (1 stick) chilled unsalted butter, cut into 1/2-inch cubes; 4 tablespoons (or more) ice water; 1 cup sugar (preferably baker's sugar or other superfine sugar); 1/4 cup water; 1 cup heavy whipping cream; 1/4 cup (1/2 stick) unsalted butter, room temperature; 2 tablespoons honey; 2 teaspoons vanilla extract; 2 ounces bittersweet (not unsweetened) or semisweet chocolate, chopped; 2 ounces semisweet chocolate, chopped; 2 1/4 cups (about 9 ounces) walnuts, toasted, cut into 1/4-inch pieces; Vanilla ice cream | INSTRUCTIONS: For crust: Blend flour and salt in processor 5 seconds. Add butter to processor. Using on/off turns, blend until coarse meal forms. Add 4 tablespoons ice water. Blend until dough just begins to come together, adding more ice water by teaspoonfuls if dry. Gather dough; flatten into disk. Wrap; chill at least 1 hour. Roll out dough on lightly floured surface to 14-inch round. Transfer dough to 11-inch-diameter tart pan with removable bottom. Cut off all but 1/2 inch of overhang. Fold overhang in and press, forming double-thick sides. Pierce crust all over with fork; chill 30 minutes. Preheat ove <END>
INPUT: Indian, sugar, pears, heavy cream, superfine sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Riesling Poached Pears with Cardamom Cream | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 1 (750 ml) bottle Riesling, preferably Spatlese; 2 cups sugar; 4 ripe pears, such as Bartlett, Bosc, D'Anjou, Fiselle or Seckel; 1 cup heavy cream; 1 tablespoons superfine sugar; 1 teaspoon ground cardamom | INSTRUCTIONS: Pour the Riesling into a medium saucepan and whisk in the sugar until it dissolves. Peel the pears, leaving stem intact, if present. Remove bottom stem end with a small melon baller, and continue to scoop up into the pear to remove the core. Place the pears right in the Riesling mixture (poaching liquid) after they are peeled and cored to prevent them from discoloring. (The acidity of the wine keeps them from browning). Add just enough water to cover the pears. To keep the pears submerged in the poaching liquid, cut a circle of parchment paper the size of the pan and lay on the surface of the  <END>
INPUT: tropical, cakes, mango, all purpose flour, sugar, baking powder, unsweetened coconut milk
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tropical Cakes with Golden Mango Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 ripe mango; 1 cup all purpose flour; 1/2 cup sugar; 1 1/2 teaspoons baking powder; 1 1/2 cups unsweetened coconut milk; 2 large eggs; 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted; 2 tablespoons dark rum; 1 1/2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract; 1/2 cup shredded coconut; Golden mango sauce, recipe follows; Diced fresh mango, garnish; 1 ripe mango; Juice of 1 lime; 2 tablespoons honey | INSTRUCTIONS: Peel the mango and slice it in half lengthwise to remove the fruit from the pit. Cut each half lengthwise into thin slices and then cut the slices crosswise in half; set aside. In a medium bowl, whisk together the flour, sugar, and baking powder. In another bowl, whisk together the coconut milk, eggs, melted butter, rum, and vanilla extract. Pour the liquid ingredients and mix with the whisk, stopping when everything is just combined. (Don't worry if the batter is a bit lumpy.) With a rubber spatula, gently but thoroughly fold in the shredded coconut. If necessary, lightly butter, oil, or spra <END>
INPUT: Mrs. Dash® Chicken, Mrs. Dash® Garlic, roasting chicken, orange juice, onions crosswise
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roast Chicken | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 Tbsp. Mrs. Dash® Chicken Grilling Blend; 2 Tbsp. Mrs. Dash® Garlic & Herb Seasoning Blend; 5 lb roasting chicken; 1/2 cup orange juice; 2 medium onions sliced crosswise 1/2 inch thick; 1 cup low sodium chicken stock | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. 2. Prepare chicken by removing giblets and excess fat from cavity. 3. Dry thoroughly with paper towel. 4. Tuck the wing tips under the body. 5. Sprinkle cavity with Mrs. Dash® Garlic & Herb. 6. Lift skin from the breast by placing your hand under skin and breast and gently lifting skin. 7. Sprinkle breast meat with Mrs. Dash® Chicken Grilling Blend. 8. Place skin gently on top of seasoning. 9. Place onion slices on bottom of a heavy duty roasting pan. Place chicken on top of onion slices and pour orange juice over skin. 10. Place chicken in oven and roast unti <END>
INPUT: goddess, salad, beans, mayonnaise, tarragon vinegar wine, scallions
OUTPUT: TITLE: Green Goddess Potato Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 pound green beans, trimmed; 3 pounds cooked small (2-inch) boiling potatoes, cooled to room temperature and quartered; 1 cup mayonnaise; 3 tablespoons tarragon vinegar or white-wine vinegar; 3 scallions, chopped; 3 flat anchovy fillets, chopped, or 2 teaspoons anchovy paste; 1/4 cup chopped fresh flat-leaf parsley; 2 teaspoons chopped fresh tarragon; 1 teaspoon salt; 1/2 teaspoon black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook beans in a 3-quart saucepan of boiling salted water , uncovered, until crisp-tender, 3 to 5 minutes. Drain in a sieve, then plunge sieve into a large bowl of ice and cold water to stop cooking. Drain again. Pat beans dry, then cut into 1/4-inch pieces and put in a large bowl along with potatoes. Pulse mayonnaise, vinegar, scallions, anchovies, parsley, tarragon, salt, and pepper in a food processor until dressing is pale green and herbs are finely chopped. Stir into potato mixture. Cook beans in a 3-quart saucepan of boiling salted water , uncovered, until crisp-tender, 3 to 5 minutes. Dr <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, salad, green, haricot vert, fingerling potatoes, kosher salt, wine vinegar, lemon juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Fingerling Potato Salad with Feta, Green Beans and Olives | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 8 ounces haricot vert, trimmed; 12 fingerling potatoes; 1 tablespoon kosher salt; 6 tablespoons red wine vinegar; 2 tablespoons freshly squeezed lemon juice; 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard; 1 tablespoon clover honey; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 cup extra-virgin Greek olive oil, plus more for drizzling; Canola oil, for grilling; 8 ounces feta, crumbled; 1/2 cup pitted kalamata olives; 2 tablespoons lightly chopped fresh oregano; Fresh parsley leaves, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil and cook the haricot vert until al dente, about 90 seconds. Shock in ice water, drain well, chop in halves or thirds and reserve. Put the potatoes in a large pot, cover with 2 inches cold water and add 1 tablespoon salt. Bring to a boil and cook until a small knife inserted into the center of the potato meets with some resistance, about 5 minutes. Drain well, place on a baking sheet and let cool slightly. Halve lengthwise. Whisk the vinegar, lemon juice, mustard, honey and salt and pepper. Slowly whisk in the olive oil  <END>
INPUT: cazuela, olive oil, chiles, thyme, garlic, Kosher salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Shrimp in Cazuela | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup olive oil; 6 dried small red chiles; 5 sprigs fresh thyme; 4 cloves garlic, thinly sliced; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 40 large shrimp, shelled and deveined; Aged sherry vinegar, for drizzling; Chopped fresh parsley, for garnish; 1 baguette, sliced | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Toss together the oil, chiles, thyme, garlic and some salt and pepper on a baking sheet. Roast until the oil is fragrant, about 10 minutes. Remove the baking sheet from the oven and add the shrimp, tossing with tongs to coat in the mixture. Roast until the shrimp are pink and just cooked through, about 8 minutes. Remove and drizzle with a splash of sherry vinegar and garnish with parsley. Serve with baguette slices. <END>
INPUT: mushroom, dumplings, all purpose flour, kosher salt, pepper, smoked paprika, pork shanks
OUTPUT: TITLE: Braised Pork Shanks with Mushroom Dumplings | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup all-purpose flour; 2 tablespoons kosher salt; 2 tablespoons cracked black pepper; 1 teaspoon smoked paprika; 3 pork shanks (1 1/4 to 1 1/2 pounds each); 2 cups grapeseed oil; 1 large onion, diced small; 2 ribs celery, diced small; 3 large carrots, chopped; 4 cloves garlic, peeled; 1 sprig fresh rosemary; 2 sprigs fresh thyme; 1 cup sherry wine; 2 cups chicken broth; 2 cups beef stock | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. In a shallow 9 by 9-inch baking dish, add the flour, salt, pepper, and paprika. Mix well. Dredge each pork shank into the flour until evenly coated. Shake off excess flour. In a large heavy casserole dish or Dutch oven over medium-high heat, add the grapeseed oil. Sear the shanks on all sides until evenly browned, about 5 to 7 minutes. Remove the seared shanks to a platter. Add onions, celery, carrots, garlic, rosemary and thyme to the Dutch oven. Cook stirring frequently until vegetables soften, about 3 to 4 minutes. Add the sherry and allow the wine to redu <END>
INPUT: split, bombe, heavy cream, vanilla ice cream, very bananas, chocolate ice cream, strawberry ice cream
OUTPUT: TITLE: Banana Split Ice Cream Bombe | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup cold heavy cream; 1 quart vanilla ice cream, softened; 2 very ripe bananas, mashed; 1 pint chocolate ice cream; 1 pint strawberry ice cream; 1/3 cup jarred Morello or sour cherries; 8 ounces semisweet chocolate, chopped; 2 tablespoons coconut oil; 1/4 cup chopped walnuts | INSTRUCTIONS: Make the bombe: Line an 8-inch metal or glass bowl with plastic wrap, leaving a 4-inch overhang; place in the freezer to chill. Cover the outside of a 6-inch bowl with plastic wrap. Beat the heavy cream in a medium bowl with a mixer on medium-high speed until stiff peaks form, about 2 minutes. Fold in the vanilla ice cream and mashed bananas. Remove the bowl from the freezer, spoon in the banana ice cream mixture and press it up the sides in an even layer. Press the smaller bowl into the mixture to help keep the shape. Freeze until the ice cream is firm, about 1 1/2 hours. Let the chocolate ic <END>
INPUT: overnight, liquid dairy milk, old fashioned rolled, yogurt, chia seeds, banana
OUTPUT: TITLE: Overnight Oats | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/3 to 1/2 cup liquid such as dairy milk, almond, cashew or coconut milk; 1/3 to 1/2 cup old-fashioned rolled oats; 1/3 to 1/2 cup yogurt, optional; 1 teaspoon chia seeds, optional but highly recommended; 1/2 banana, mashed, optional; Serving suggestions: fruit (fresh or dried), nuts, nut butter, seeds, protein powder, granola, coconut, spices, citrus zest and vanilla extract | INSTRUCTIONS: Add the desired amounts of milk, oats, yogurt, chia seeds and banana to a jar or container and give them a good stir. Refrigerate overnight or for at least 5 hours. In the morning, add additional liquid if you'd like. Once you achieve the desired consistency, top with fruit, nuts, nut butter, seeds, protein powder, granola, coconut, spices, zest or vanilla extract. <END>
INPUT: Italian, tiramisu, heavy cream, eggs, sugar, mascarpone, pumpkin puree
OUTPUT: TITLE: Gluten-Free Pumpkin Spice Tiramisu Pie | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cups heavy cream; 2 large eggs, separated; 1/3 cup plus 1 tablespoon sugar; 1 cup mascarpone, at room temperature; 1/2 cup canned pumpkin puree; 1 1/2 teaspoons pumpkin pie spice; 1 1/2 cups brewed espresso, at room temperature; One 5.3-ounce package gluten-free ladyfingers, such as Schar; Bittersweet or semisweet chocolate, for shaving | INSTRUCTIONS: In the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the whisk attachment, beat the cream on medium-high speed until stiff peaks form; transfer to a small bowl and refrigerate. In the cleaned bowl of the stand mixer fitted with the cleaned whisk attachment, beat the egg whites on high speed until soft peaks form. Add 1 tablespoon sugar and beat until stiff peaks form; transfer to a small bowl. In the cleaned bowl of the stand mixer fitted with the cleaned whisk attachment, beat together the egg yolks and the remaining 1/3 cup sugar on high speed until thickened and pale yellow. Gently fold the mascarpone, <END>
INPUT: half, shell, shallots, wine vinegar, oysters
OUTPUT: TITLE: Oysters on the Half Shell with Red Wine Vinegar Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 shallots, peeled and sliced; 3/4 cup red wine vinegar; 36 fresh oysters | INSTRUCTIONS: In a blender puree shallots with the red wine vinegar until smooth. Set aside. Shuck oysters. Shucked oysters may be kept, covered with a wet towel, in the refrigerator up to an hour. Spoon about 1 teaspoon of sauce over each oyster to cover with a thin layer. Serve immediately. <END>
INPUT: sauce, onion, olive oil, reduced sodium chicken, heavy cream, vodka
OUTPUT: TITLE: Capellini with Salmon and Lemon-Dill-Vodka Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 medium onion, finely chopped (about 1 cup); 1 tablespoon olive oil; 3 cups reduced-sodium chicken broth (24 fl oz); 1 cup heavy cream; 1/3 cup vodka; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/2 cup chopped fresh dill; 1 1/2 teaspoons finely grated fresh lemon zest; 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 1/4 teaspoon coarsely ground black pepper; 2 cups flaked broiled salmon; 10 oz capellini (angel-hair pasta; about two thirds of a 1-lb box) | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook onion in oil in a 3-quart heavy saucepan over moderate heat, stirring occasionally, until softened (but not browned), about 6 minutes. Add broth, cream, vodka, and salt and boil over moderately high heat, stirring occasionally, until sauce is reduced to 2 cups, 40 to 50 minutes. Remove from heat and stir in dill, lemon zest and juice, and pepper. Reserve 1/2 cup sauce, then add salmon to saucepan and cook over moderately low heat until fish is just heated through, 2 to 3 minutes. While fish is heating, cook pasta in a 6- to 8-quart pot of boiling salted water until al dente. Reserve 1/2 c <END>
INPUT: Italian, tart, basil leaves, pine nuts see, garlic, kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Heirloom Tomato and Basil Tart | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 (9-inch) refrigerated pie crust (recommended: Pillsbury); 2 cups packed fresh basil leaves; 1/4 cup toasted pine nuts* see Cook's Note; 1 garlic clove, peeled; 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt, plus more for seasoning; 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, plus more for seasoning; 1/2 to 2/3 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 1/2 cup grated Parmesan; 2 medium (12 ounces) heirloom or 4 plum tomatoes, cut into 1/8-inch thick slices; 2 tablespoons thinly sliced fresh basil leaves; Extra-virgin olive oil, for drizzling; Kosher salt | INSTRUCTIONS: For the crust: Place an oven rack in the center of the oven. Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Place the pie crust on an ungreased baking sheet and bake for 7 minutes until lightly golden. Cool for 20 minutes. For the pesto: In a blender or food processor, pulse the basil, pine nuts, garlic, 1/2 teaspoon of salt, and 1/4 teaspoon pepper until finely chopped. With the machine running, slowly add the olive oil until the mixture forms a smooth and thick consistency. Add the Parmesan and pulse until combined. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Using a spatula, spread the pesto over the cooled <END>
INPUT: onions, olive oil, coarse kosher salt, water, petite peas
OUTPUT: TITLE: Peas with Roasted Onions and Mint | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 medium onions, cut into 1/4-inch-thick rounds, separated into rings; 1 tablespoon olive oil; 1/2 teaspoon coarse kosher salt; 3 cups water; 4 cups frozen petite peas (about 20 ounces); 1/4 cup finely chopped fresh mint; 1/2 teaspoon ground black pepper; 1/4 teaspoon sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 450°F. Combine onion rings, oil, and salt in medium bowl; toss to coat. Spread onion rings in single layer on rimmed baking sheet. Roast until golden brown, stirring occasionally, about 20 minutes. DO AHEAD Can be made 1 day ahead. Cover and refrigerate. Before using, rewarm in 350°F oven until heated through, about 10 minutes. Bring 3 cups water to boil. Add peas; simmer until tender, about 5 minutes. Drain. Return peas to saucepan. Mix in roasted onion rings, mint, pepper, and sugar. Transfer to bowl and serve. Preheat oven to 450°F. Combine onion rings, oil, and salt in medi <END>
INPUT: oysters, sauerkraut, Squirt lemon juice, heavy cream, butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pemaquid Oysters with Sauerkraut and Caviar | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 10 large oysters (such as Pemaquid or Malpeques) shucked, reserve shells; 1/4 cup sauerkraut (not canned), reserve 2 tablespoons juice; Squirt lemon juice; 1/2 cup heavy cream; 2 tablespoons butter; 1 tablespoon chopped chives; 1 tablespoon chopped dill; 1 to 2 ounces black caviar, American or osetra | INSTRUCTIONS: Put the oysters and their juice into a small non-reactive saute pan. Cook over moderate heat for just a minute or until the edges of the oysters curl very slightly. Lift the oysters out of the pan with a slotted spoon and set aside, keeping warm. Increase the heat and reduce the oyster juice, adding the sauerkraut juice plus a squirt of lemon juice. When reduced by about 1/3 add the cream and butter. Continue to reduce adding the sauerkraut until the sauce is fairly thick. Return the oysters and whatever liquid they have given off to the pan just to reheat. Add chives and dill. Spoon back 1 oy <END>
INPUT: trout fillets, Salt, capers, olives, pearl onions
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fillet of Trout with Tomato | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 trout fillets, about 6 ounces each; Salt; 1 tablespoon capers; 2 tablespoons green olives, pitted; 8 to 10 pearl onions, chopped; 1 pound ripe plum tomatoes, chopped; 1 tablespoon chopped parsley; 1 clove garlic, chopped; 1 cup dry white wine; 3 tablespoons olive oil; Freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. Preheat the oven to 425 degrees. 2. Place the trout fillets on an oiled baking dish and season with salt. 3. Combine the capers, green olives, pearl onions, tomatoes, chopped parsley, and chopped garlic and spoon the mixture over the trout fillets. 4. Pour the white wine over the fillets and vegetables, drizzle with olive oil, season with salt and pepper, and bake until the fillets are just cooked through, about 20 minutes. 1. Preheat the oven to 425 degrees. 2. Place the trout fillets on an oiled baking dish and season with salt. 3. Combine the capers, green olives, pearl onions, tomatoes, <END>
INPUT: Italian, sauce, spaghetti any other, garlic, virgin olive oil, Salt pepper taste
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spaghetti with Parsley Olive Oil Sauce | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound of spaghetti or any other thin pasta; 1/2 cup (packed) fresh parsley leaves; 2 cloves garlic; 1/2 cup extra-virgin olive oil; Salt and freshly ground black pepper to taste; Parmesan cheese-optional garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large pot bring water to a full rolling boil. Meanwhile, rinse, pat dry, and mince the parsley. Peel and mince the garlic. When the water is ready, add your pasta. Remember start your cooking time when the water returns to a boil, not when you add the pasta. Cook your pasta according to package directions, drain in a colander and transfer to a serving dish To make the sauce; in a skillet heat olive oil. Add garlic and cook until fragrant. Then add the parsley and remove from heat. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Add sauce to the past and toss to combine. <END>
INPUT: tamales, corn kernels, granulated sugar, egg, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Easy Corn Tamales | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 7 cups fresh corn kernels, from 7 ears; 1 1/2 sticks (6 ounces) unsalted butter, at room temperature; 1/2 cup granulated sugar; 1 egg; 1/2 tablespoon salt; 1/2 teaspoon baking powder; 1/2 cup harina de maiz (dried corn flour) *; 20 dried corn husks, soaked in warm water for 30 minutes* | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Working in batches, add the corn kernels to a blender or food processor and puree until smooth. In the bowl of an electric mixer, cream the butter and sugar until pale. Add the egg, salt, and baking powder. Mix to incorporate. Add the flour and pureed corn and mix until blended and forms a loose smooth dough. Put a corn husk lengthwise in front of you with the wide side closest to you. Spread 3 tablespoons of the dough all over the bottom half (wide side) of the corn husk, leaving about a 1-inch-wide border on the left and right sides. Pick up the 2 long sides of <END>
INPUT: roast, sausage, seedless grapes, tawny Port, low salt chicken, rosemary
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roast Lamb with Lamb Sausage Crust and Fresh Grape Pan Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups halved seedless red grapes; 2 cups tawny Port; 2 cups low-salt chicken broth; 2 teaspoons chopped fresh rosemary; 1/2 cup halved seedless red grapes; 1/4 cup halved pitted Kalamata olives; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh rosemary; 1 teaspoon balsamic vinegar; 1 small garlic clove; 8 ounces ground lamb; 1/2 teaspoon coarse kosher salt; 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 2 2- to 2 1/2-pound well-trimmed racks of lamb (each with 8 bones); 4 tablespoons olive oil, divided; 1/2 cup low-salt chicken broth | INSTRUCTIONS: For sauce: Boil all ingredients in large saucepan until reduced to 2 1/3 cups, about 20 minutes. Cool. Puree in blender. DO AHEAD: Can be made 5 days ahead. Cover and refrigerate. Boil all ingredients in large saucepan until reduced to 2 1/3 cups, about 20 minutes. Cool. Puree in blender. DO AHEAD: Can be made 5 days ahead. Cover and refrigerate. For lamb: Pulse grapes, olives, chopped rosemary, vinegar, and garlic clove in mini processor until olives are chopped. Transfer to bowl. Mix in ground lamb,1/2 teaspoon salt, and 1/4 teaspoon pepper. Sprinkle racks of lamb with salt and pepper. Heat  <END>
INPUT: salad, wine vinegar, olive oil, beans, snow peas, shelled sunflower seeds
OUTPUT: TITLE: Snow Pea and Green Bean Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon white-wine vinegar; 3 tablespoons olive oil; 1/2 pound green beans, trimmed; 1/4 pound snow peas, trimmed and strings discarded; 2 tablespoons shelled sunflower seeds, toasted lightly | INSTRUCTIONS: In a small bowl whisk together the vinegar, the oil, and salt and pepper to taste. In a large saucepan of boiling salted water cook the green beans for 4 minutes, add the snow peas, and cook the vegetables for 30 seconds. Drain the vegetables, transfer them to a bowl of ice and cold water to stop the cooking, and drain them. Pat the vegetables dry between several thicknesses of paper towels and in a bowl toss them with the sunflower seeds and the dressing. In a small bowl whisk together the vinegar, the oil, and salt and pepper to taste. In a large saucepan of boiling salted water cook the gre <END>
INPUT: soup, onions, carrots, celery leaves, parsnips
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken Soup | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 (5-pound) roasting chickens; 3 large yellow onions, unpeeled and quartered; 6 carrots, unpeeled and halved; 4 stalks celery with leaves, cut into thirds; 4 parsnips, unpeeled and cut in half (optional); 20 sprigs fresh parsley; 15 sprigs fresh thyme; 20 sprigs fresh dill; 1 head garlic, unpeeled and cut in half crosswise; 2 tablespoons kosher salt; 2 teaspoons whole black peppercorns; 4 cups 1/4-inch-diced carrots; 4 cups 1/4-inch-diced celery; 1/4 cup minced fresh dill; 1/4 cup minced fresh parsley | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Place the chickens, onions, carrots, celery, parsnips, parsley, thyme, dill, garlic, and seasonings in a 16- to 20-quart stockpot. Add 7 quarts of water and bring to a boil. Simmer, uncovered, for 1 hour. Remove 2 of the chickens and allow to cool slightly. Remove the breast meat from both chickens and set aside. Return the remaining chicken and carcasses to the pot and continue simmering, uncovered, for 3 more hours. Strain the entire contents of the pot through a colander and chill. Remove the surface fat, then reheat the stock as follows, or pack in containers <END>
INPUT: salad, cucumbers, Sabra® Roasted Garlic, salt, parsley, avocados
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cucumber Avocado Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 medium cucumbers; 1 cup Sabra® Roasted Garlic Greek Style Veggie Dip; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 2 tablespoons chopped parsley; 2 avocados, ripe but still slightly firm | INSTRUCTIONS: 1.PEEL cucumbers. Slice in half lengthwise. Remove seeds in center of cucumbers by scraping them out with a teaspoon. Slice each cucumber half in half again lengthwise. Chop into 1/4 to 1/2 inch thick chunks. Place in a mixing bowl. 2.MIX in Sabra® Roasted Garlic Greek Style Veggie Dip salt and parsley. 3.CUT avocados in half and remove pit. Scoop avocado away from skin using a spoon. Chop avocado into chunks and fold into salad. Serve or refrigerate until ready to serve. <END>
INPUT: risi, bisi, virgin olive oil, shallots, celery, prosciutto di San, arborio rice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Rice and Peas: Risi e Bisi | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 4 shallots, finely chopped; 2 ribs celery, finely chopped; 2 ounces prosciutto di San Daniele, chopped into 1/8-inch dice; 1 1/2 cups arborio rice (Vialone Nano brand preferred); 3 quarts strained warm chicken stock, recipe follows; 2 pounds fresh peas, shelled to yield 1 1/2 cups; 4 tablespoons unsalted butter; 3/4 cup freshly grated Parmigiano-Reggiano; Salt and pepper; 4 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 7 pounds chicken wings, backs, and bones; 6 carrots, coarsely chopped; 4 onions, coarsely chopped; 8 ribs celery, coarsely chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: Place the olive oil, shallots, celery, and prosciutto in a 12 to 14-inch, deep-sided frying pan, and place over medium heat. Cook until soft but not brown, about 8 to 10 minutes. Add the rice and stir over medium heat for 2 minutes, until rice becomes almost opaque. Add the chicken stock to cover rice and turn heat up to high. As level of stock dips below level of rice, continue to add stock, 1 ladle at a time, to keep rice covered. Stir the rice constantly during this procedure. Taste the rice after 15 minutes: it should still be hard. Add the peas and continue cooking, until the rice is soft <END>
INPUT: dinner, rolls, milk, water, mashed potato flakes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Whole Wheat Dinner Rolls | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 cup whole milk; 3/4 cup water; 1/4 cup (1/2 stick) unsalted butter, room temperature; 3 cups (or more) white whole wheat flour* or regular whole wheat flour; 3/4 cup instant mashed potato flakes; 1/4 cup nonfat dry milk powder; 3 tablespoons sugar; 2 1/4 teaspoons quick-rising active dry yeast (from two 1/4-ounce envelopes); 1 1/4 teaspoons salt; 1 large egg yolk; 1 large egg white, whisked with 1 tablespoon water (for glaze); 3 to 4 tablespoons quick-cooking oats | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring 3/4 cup whole milk and 3/4 cup water to simmer in small saucepan. Remove from heat. Add butter; stir until melted. Attach instant-read thermometer to inside of pan; let milk cool until thermometer registers 120°F to 130°F. Meanwhile, combine 3 cups flour, potato flakes, dry milk powder, sugar, yeast, and salt in large bowl; whisk to blend. Add warm milk mixture. Stir to blend; mix in egg yolk. Knead mixture in bowl until dough comes together (dough will be sticky). Turn out onto floured work surface and knead until very smooth, elastic, and no longer sticky, adding more flour by tablespo <END>
INPUT: American, mahi, mayonnaise, peppers, onion, carrots
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mango BBQ Mahi Mahi Tacos | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup mayonnaise; 1/4 cup diced red peppers (roasted preferred); 1/4 cup diced green peppers; 1/4 cup diced yellow onion; 1/4 cup diced carrots; 1/4 cup diced celery; 1/4 cup chopped fresh cilantro leaves; 1 teaspoon chili powder; 1/2 teaspoon cayenne powder; 1/2 teaspoon seasoning salt; 1/4 cup sugar; 1/3 cup white vinegar; 1 head green cabbage, quartered and sliced into thin strips; 1/2 cup mango chunks; 2 roasted red bell peppers, (roasted at 400 degrees F, seeds and skin removed) | INSTRUCTIONS: For the Slaw: In mixing bowl mix all ingredients together except the cabbage. Once evenly mixed add the cabbage and turn with your hands or spoons until the cabbage is evenly coated. Cover and store in refrigerator until ready to serve. Should be made 24 hours in advance. Mix all of the ingredients in food processor and puree. Pour into a bowl or jar and refrigerate. Cilantro White Sauce: Mix all of the ingredients in a mixing bowl until thoroughly combined. Cover and store in the refrigerator. Guacamole: Mix all of the ingredients into a mixing bowl. HINT: Use a potato masher first to crush t <END>
INPUT: quince, cupcakes, all purpose flour, granulated sugar, baking soda, ginger, allspice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Parsnip and Quince Cupcakes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 cups all-purpose flour; 3 cups granulated sugar; 1 tablespoon plus 1 teaspoon baking soda; 1 tablespoon ground ginger; 2 teaspoons ground allspice; 2 teaspoons ground cinnamon; 1 teaspoon ground cloves; 1/2 teaspoon ground nutmeg; 1 1/2 teaspoons salt; 6 eggs; 1 1/2 cups buttermilk; 1 1/2 cups canola oil; 1 tablespoon vanilla extract; 4 cups shredded parsnips; 1 cup seltzer water | INSTRUCTIONS: For the cupcakes: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F and line muffin pans with paper liners. Sift together the flour, granulated sugar, baking soda, all of the spices and the salt. In the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, combine the eggs, buttermilk, oil and vanilla. Slowly add the sifted ingredients to the wet ingredients and beat until just combined. Fold in the shredded parsnips. Fill the liners about three-quarters of the way full and bake, 16 to 18 minutes. For the compote: Bring the seltzer, wine, granulated sugar and ginger to a simmer and heat through until t <END>
INPUT: salad, orange zest, orange juice, good olive oil, wine vinegar, Kosher salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Endive, Orange & Roquefort Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 teaspoon grated orange zest; 2 tablespoons freshly squeezed orange juice; 2 tablespoons good olive oil; 1/2 teaspoon white wine vinegar; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 head Belgian endive; 1/4 cup walnut halves, toasted (see note); 2 ounces French Roquefort cheese, 1/2-inch-diced; 1/2 sweet red apple, unpeeled, cored and medium-diced; 2 ounces baby arugula; 1/2 orange | INSTRUCTIONS: In a small bowl, whisk together the orange zest, orange juice, olive oil, vinegar, 1/2 teaspoon salt and 1/4 teaspoon pepper. Set aside. Cut the head of endive in half lengthwise, remove the triangle of core at the base of each half so the leaves separate, and cut the leaves in half again lengthwise. Place in a medium bowl. Drizzle the leaves with the vinaigrette and add the walnuts, Roquefort and apple. Add the arugula and toss. Zest the orange into the salad with a strip zester. Peel the orange and remove the white pith around the orange with a small sharp knife. Cut the orange sections betw <END>
INPUT: waffles, cake flour, baking powder, baking soda, salt, sour cream
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sour Cream Waffles | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups cake flour; 1 1/2 teaspoons baking powder; 3/4 teaspoon baking soda; 3/4 teaspoon salt; 3/4 cup sour cream; 2 large eggs, separated; 3/4 cup milk; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; 1 stick unsalted butter, melted, plus more for the waffle iron; 1/4 cup vegetable shortening, melted; 2 tablespoons packed dark brown sugar; Maple syrup, for topping | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat a waffle iron. Whisk the flour, baking powder, baking soda and salt in a large bowl until combined. Whisk the sour cream, egg yolks, milk and vanilla in a medium bowl until smooth, then whisk in the melted butter and shortening. Beat the egg whites in a separate large bowl with a mixer on medium-high speed until soft peaks form, about 3 minutes. Sprinkle in the brown sugar and continue beating until stiff glossy peaks form, about 4 more minutes. Make a well in the center of the flour mixture, then gradually whisk in the sour cream mixture until just combined. Fold in the beaten egg whi <END>
INPUT: flan, eggs, heavy cream, roasted garlic puree, Salt pepper, olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Garlic and Porcini Flan with Porcini Mushrooms and Tomato | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 12 large eggs, cleaned; 1 1/2 cups heavy cream; 1/4 cup roasted garlic puree; Salt and freshly ground white pepper; 1 tablespoon olive oil; 1 cup finely diced porcini mushrooms; 3 plum tomatoes, finely diced; 2 teaspoons balsamic vinegar; 2 tablespoons minced fresh parsley leaves; 1 cup red peppercorns; 1 cup green peppercorns; 1 cup black peppercorns | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Crack the eggs on top, and using an egg cutter, slice the tops off the eggs. Carefully pour out the contents of 5 of the eggs into a bowl and separate the yolks from the whites. Transfer the yolks to another bowl. (Use the 5 egg whites and the contents of the remaining 7 eggs for other dishes). You need a total of 12 egg shells for this recipe. Add the cream and roasted garlic to the 5 yolks and whisk thoroughly; season with salt and pepper. Carefully rinse out the hollowed eggs under cold running water and return them to the egg carton. Pour the whisked egg  <END>
INPUT: American, milanese, maitake mushrooms, Olive oil, Kosher salt pepper, Flour
OUTPUT: TITLE: Veal Milanese with Arugula Salad and Roasted Maitake Mushrooms | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 3 cups maitake mushrooms, separated into small pieces; Olive oil, for roasting and shallow-frying; Kosher salt and pepper; 4 (1 1/2-inch-thick) bone-in veal chops, Frenched, chine bone removed; Flour, for dredging; 4 large free-range organic eggs; 1 cup fine dry bread crumbs; 1 cup panko bread crumbs or homemade coarse bread crumbs; 1/2 cup finely grated Parmigiano-Reggiano cheese; A little freshly grated nutmeg; 2 lemons, halved and caramelized, or cut into wedges; Arugula Salad with Sage and White Balsamic Vinaigrette, recipe follows; 1 small clove garlic, pasted; 2 or 3 leaves fresh sage, very thinly sliced or mashed together with the garlic using a mortar and pestle; 1 small shallot, grated (about 1 1/2 tablespoons) | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Place the separated pieces of maitake mushrooms onto a baking sheet and toss with a little olive oil and salt and pepper. Roast until crispy, 15 to 20 minutes. Meanwhile, set a chop upright on a cutting board with the meaty side facing up. Using a thin sharp knife, cut into the meat and cut through the center, toward the bone. Stop short of the bone, then open up the meat like a book. Do not remove the meat from the bone; the bone itself will be at the center of the butterflied chop. Place the meat between sheets of parchment or plastic with a dab of water an <END>
INPUT: trifle, mangoes, passion fruit, sugar, shortcake, Cointreau liqueur
OUTPUT: TITLE: Passion Fruit and Mango Fruit Trifle | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 ripe mangoes, peeled, and diced small; 4 passion fruit; 1/4 cup sugar; Store bought shortcake; Cointreau liqueur; 2 cups heavy cream | INSTRUCTIONS: Put mangoes and 3 tablespoons sugar in a bowl. Put a strainer over the bowl. Cut the passion fruit in 1/2, scoop the seeds and juice of the passion fruit into the strainer. Allow all the juice to drain from the passion fruit. Put heavy cream, and sugar in a bowl, and whisk to soft peaks. Drizzle slices of shortcake with the Cointreau. In a wine or sundae glass layer the ingredients starting with sponge cake, then mangoes, then cream, and so on until you reach the top. Finish with a little cream at the top. <END>
INPUT: American, crostata, pre made pie, cream cheese, salt free citrus
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fig and Prosciutto Crostata | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 pre-made pie crust (recommended: Pillsbury); 4 ounces cream cheese, softened (recommended: Philadelphia); 2 teaspoons salt-free citrus herb seasoning (recommended: Spice Islands); 1/2 (10-ounce) jar fig preserves (recommended: St. Dalfour); 1 (3-ounce) package prosciutto, cut into 1/2-inch strips; 1 egg; 1 tablespoon water | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat oven to 425 degrees F. Place the pie crust onto a baking sheet. Spread the cream cheese over the crust leaving a 1-inch border. Sprinkle with the citrus herb seasoning. Top with fig preserves. Fold border over fig spread and top with prosciutto strips. Lightly beat egg with 1 tablespoon of water. Use a pastry brush to brush edge of crust with egg wash. Bake in oven for 15 to 18 minutes or until crust is golden brown. Let cool 5 minutes before serving. <END>
INPUT: Italian, soup, olive oil, Italian Japanese eggplant, onion, Bertolli® Olive Oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Eggplant Parmesan Soup | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 4 Tbsp. olive oil, divided; 1 medium Italian or Japanese eggplant, halved lengthwise and thinly sliced (about 4 cups); 1 cup chopped onion; 1 jar Bertolli® Olive Oil & Garlic Sauce; 2 cans (14.5 oz. ea.) chicken or vegetable broth; 1 cup shredded mozzarella cheese (about 4 oz.); 1/4 cup Italian seasoned dry bread crumbs; 1/4 cup grated Parmesan cheese | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat 3 tablespoons olive oil in 6-quart nonstick saucepot over medium-high heat and cook eggplant, stirring occasionally, 5 minutes. Stir in remaining 1 tablespoon olive oil and onion. Cook, stirring frequently, 5 minutes or until eggplant is golden and tender. Stir in Sauce and broth. Bring to a boil over high heat. Reduce heat to low and simmer, stirring frequently, 5 minutes or until thickened. Arrange 6 oven-proof soup bowls or crocks on cookie sheet. Evenly spoon soup into crocks, then top with mozzarella cheese, bread crumbs and Parmesan cheese. Broil 2 minutes or until cheese is melted. <END>
INPUT: American, bacon, sandwich, Two pimientos, Two bricks sharp, cream cheese, mayonnaise, jalapeno peppers
OUTPUT: TITLE: BPT (Bacon, Pimiento and Tomato Sandwich) | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: Two 7-ounce jars diced pimientos; Two 10-ounce bricks sharp Cheddar, finely grated; One 8-ounce package cream cheese, softened; 1/2 cup mayonnaise; 1 to 2 fresh jalapeno peppers, seeded and finely diced; 4 medium green tomatoes (about 1 1/2 pounds); 1 3/4 teaspoons kosher salt; Freshly ground black pepper; 1 1/2 cups all-purpose flour; 1/2 teaspoon cayenne pepper; 1/2 teaspoon smoked paprika; 3 large eggs; 1/4 cup buttermilk; 2 cups panko breadcrumbs; 1/4 cup cornmeal | INSTRUCTIONS: For the jalapeno pimiento cheese: Drain 1 jar of the pimientos and place in a blender or food processor. Puree until smooth. Drain the second jar. Using an electric mixer, combine the Cheddar, cream cheese, pureed pimentos and diced pimientos, beating until smooth. Add the mayonnaise and jalapenos and mix until fully combined. For the fried green tomatoes: Cut the ends off of the tomatoes and slice into 1/4-inch-thick slices. Season with 1 teaspoon salt and freshly ground pepper. In a shallow bowl, whisk together the flour, cayenne pepper, paprika, 1/4 teaspoon salt, and a pinch of freshly gro <END>
INPUT: white, chocolate, cake flour, vanilla pudding mix, baking powder, baking soda, kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: White Chocolate Cherry Cupcakes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 1/2 cups cake flour; 8 tablespoons vanilla instant pudding mix; 1 tablespoon baking powder; 1/4 teaspoon baking soda; 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt; 5 whole eggs; 2 teaspoon vanilla extract; 1 cup milk; 1/4 cup half-and-half; 3/4 cup butter; 1 1/2 cups sugar; 3 ounces sour cream; 2 tablespoons mayonnaise; 1 cup maraschino cherries; 4 tablespoons maraschino cherry juice | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 300 degrees F. Prepare a cupcake pan with 24 cupcake liners. Combine the cake flour, pudding mix, baking powder, baking soda, and salt in 1 medium bowl. Crack the eggs into a second bowl and add the vanilla extract. Measure the milk and half-and-half into a third bowl. In a 5-quart mixer with a paddle attachment, cream the butter until fluffy. Stop the mixer and scrape down the sides using a spatula. Turn the mixer on first speed, add the sugar, and mix until fluffy. Add eggs 1 at a time. Scrape down the bowl. Add sour cream and mayonnaise and incorporate completely. Scrape <END>
INPUT: asparagus, boiling potato, four snapper fillets, olive oil, lemon juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sauteed Red Snapper Fillets with Lemon Asparagus Purée | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound asparagus, trimmed; 1 large boiling potato (about 1 pound); four 6-ounce red snapper fillets with skin; 2 teaspoons olive oil; 2 teaspoons fresh lemon juice, or to taste | INSTRUCTIONS: Cut tips off 12 asparagus spears and reserve. Cut all spears into 1/2-inch pieces and cook in a saucepan of salted boiling water until tender, about 6 minutes. Transfer cooked asparagus with a slotted spoon to a blender and purée with 1 cup cooking liquid, reserving remaining cooking liquid in pan. Keep purée warm in a small saucepan. Have ready a bowl of ice and cold water. Return reserved cooking liquid to a boil and blanch reserved asparagus tips until just tender, about 3 minutes. Drain tips and immediately transfer to ice water to stop cooking. Drain tips and reserve for garnish. Scrub po <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, black, sauce, beef stock beef, chicken stock low, ruby Port, shallots, thyme
OUTPUT: TITLE: Rack of Lamb with Port and Black Olive Sauce | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups beef stock or canned beef broth; 2 cups chicken stock or canned low-salt chicken broth; 2/3 cup ruby Port; 1/3 cup minced shallots; 2 teaspoons minced fresh thyme; 2 tablespoons (1/4 stick) unsalted butter, room temperature; 1 tablespoon all purpose flour; 2 1 1/4- to 1 1/2-pound racks of lamb, trimmed; 1/4 cup Dijon mustard; 3/4 cup (packed) fresh breadcrumbs from crustless French bread; 3/4 cup freshly grated Parmesan cheese (about 2 1/4 ounces); 6 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley; 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted; 1 1/2 tablespoons minced garlic; 1/2 cup chopped pitted Kalamata olives | INSTRUCTIONS: Boil first 5 ingredients in heavy large saucepan over medium-high heat until mixture is reduced to 1 1/2 cups, about 35 minutes. Mix 2 tablespoons butter and flour in small bowl to form paste. Whisk paste into sauce; simmer until slightly thickened, about 3 minutes. Strain into heavy small saucepan. Preheat oven to 450°F. Place lamb on baking sheet. Spread mustard over lamb. Mix breadcrumbs, cheese, parsley, butter and garlic in small bowl; press onto lamb. Bake lamb to desired doneness, about 25 minutes for medium-rare. Bring sauce to simmer. Mix in olives. Cut lamb between ribs into chops. S <END>
INPUT: unsalted butter, scallions, jalapeno pepper, rice, bay leaf
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cajun Scallops and Rice | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 3 scallions, sliced (white and green parts separated); 1 jalapeno pepper, seeded and chopped; 1 cup white rice; 1 bay leaf; Kosher salt; 4 cups frozen chopped greens, such as collards and/or kale (about 10 ounces), thawed and squeezed dry; 1 pound medium sea scallops (about 20), "foot" muscles removed; 1/2 teaspoon Cajun seasoning; 2 tablespoons vegetable oil; 1/2 cup chopped fresh parsley; Lemon wedges, for serving | INSTRUCTIONS: Melt the butter in a medium saucepan over medium heat. Add the scallion whites and jalapeno and cook, stirring occasionally, until softened, about 3 minutes. Add 1 1/2 cups water, the rice, bay leaf and 1/2 teaspoon salt. Increase the heat to medium high and bring to a simmer. Reduce the heat to low; stir, then cover and simmer until the rice is tender and the water is absorbed, 15 to 18 minutes. Remove from the heat and stir in the greens. Cover and set aside. Season the scallops with salt and sprinkle one side with the Cajun seasoning. Heat a large skillet over medium-high heat. Add the vege <END>
INPUT: soup, chicken stock, saffron saffron powder, bay leaf, lemon, eggs
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lemon and Egg Soup | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 cups chicken stock; Pinch saffron or saffron powder; 1 bay leaf; 1 lemon, peeled in strips, plus 4 to 5 tablespoons juice; 2 large eggs; 2 large egg yolks; Couple drops hot sauce; Salt and pepper; Handful flat-leaf parsley, chopped; Pita chips, any brand or flavor | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring stock to a boil with saffron, bay leaf, and lemon peel. Cover and steep 5 minutes then turn off heat and remove bay leaf and peel. Whisk eggs and yolks with lemon juice and hot sauce. Whisk in 1/2 cup of the soup to temper the eggs. Whisk the egg mixture into the soup then turn heat on low and whisk together until soup thickens slightly, 4 to 5 minutes. Stir in parsley and season with salt and pepper. Ladle soup into bowls and top with a few pita chips. <END>
INPUT: Asian, soup, ghee olive oil, thumb size piece, shallot, rosemary, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Coconut, Beet, and Ginger Soup | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon ghee or olive oil; 1 large thumb-size piece fresh ginger, peeled and chopped; 1 small shallot, peeled and chopped; 3 sprigs fresh rosemary; 3 garlic cloves, smashed; 1 teaspoon sea salt, plus more as needed; 1/2 cup white wine; 2 pounds whole beets, greens removed; 1 cup coconut milk; 3 cups Chicken Bone Broth; 1 tablespoon white wine vinegar; 1 small orange, segmented; Finely grated zest of 1 small orange | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large pot over medium heat, heat the ghee or oil. Add the ginger, shallot, rosemary, garlic, and sea salt and sweat the mixture for 10 minutes, stirring occasionally. Add the white wine and stir to deglaze the pan. Simmer for 5 minutes to cook off the alcohol. Add the beets, coconut milk, bone broth, and white wine vinegar, cover, and let simmer for 45 minutes. Prepare a bowl of ice water. Using a slotted spoon, remove the beets from the pot and transfer to the ice bath to cool. Once the beets are cool to the touch, use your hands or a paper towel to remove the skins. Discard the skins an <END>
INPUT: omelet, italiano, zucchini, sweet onion, mushrooms, Kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Egg White Omelet Italiano | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/3 cup shredded zucchini; Cooking spray; 2 tablespoons finely chopped sweet onion; 3 mushrooms, sliced; Kosher salt; Freshly ground black pepper; 1/4 cup diced tomato; 1 tablespoon grated Parmesan; 3 egg whites, lightly beaten; 1 teaspoon chopped fresh Italian parsley leaves, optional | INSTRUCTIONS: Put the zucchini onto a double layer of paper towels. Cover with another double layer of paper towels and press out the excess moisture. Coat a small nonstick skillet with cooking spray and place over medium-high heat. Add the drained zucchini, onion, and mushrooms to the pan, season with salt and pepper, and cook until browned and soft, about 5 to 7 minutes. Add the tomatoes and Parmesan and place the mixture into a small bowl. Wipe the nonstick pan clean, coat again with cooking spray, and place over medium-high heat. When the pan is good and hot, add the 3 egg whites and turn the skillet to <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, cakes, couscous, cilantro leaves, egg, egg yolk, coriander
OUTPUT: TITLE: Couscous Cakes | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups cooked couscous, prepared according to package instructions and cooled; 1/4 cup chopped fresh cilantro leaves; 1 egg; 1 egg yolk; 1 1/2 teaspoons ground coriander; 1 lemon, zested; 3/4 teaspoon kosher salt; 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 2 tablespoons all-purpose flour; 1/4 cup olive oil; 1/3 cup mild mango chutney | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. In a medium bowl, mix together the couscous, cilantro, egg, egg yolk, coriander, lemon zest, salt and pepper. Sprinkle the flour over the mixture. Mix until combined. In a large nonstick skillet, heat the oil over medium heat. Form 1/4 cupfuls of the mixture into 8 patties. Add 4 of the patties to the pan and cook for 3 to 4 minutes each side until golden. Drain on paper towels. Repeat with the remaining couscous mixture. Serve the couscous cakes with mango chutney. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, home, fries, ketchup, russet potatoes, za'atar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Home Fries with Za'atar, Red Chile, Cilantro, Lime and Clove-Scented Ketchup | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup ketchup, such as Heinz; 1/4 teaspoon ground cloves; 4 tablespoons (1/2 stick) unsalted butter; 5 large russet potatoes, parboiled in salted water, peeled and cut into 1-inch cubes; 2 teaspoons za'atar; 1/2 teaspoon paprika; 1/4 teaspoon turmeric; Kosher salt; 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 1 tablespoon vegetable oil; 2 Fresno chiles, thinly sliced; 1/4 cup coarsely chopped mixed herbs (a combination of cilantro, dill and parsley); Juice of 1 lime | INSTRUCTIONS: For the clove-scented ketchup: Whisk together the ketchup and clove in a small bowl. Cover and let sit at room temperature. For the Home Fries: Heat the butter in a large cast-iron skillet over medium-high heat until it begins to shimmer. Add the potatoes, za'atar, paprika, turmeric and a very generous amount of salt and toss to coat the potatoes. Use a spatula to press and crush the potatoes against the bottom of the pan. Cook until golden brown and crisp on the bottom, about 4 minutes. Turn in large chunks and press again to crisp. Cook until browned on the bottom, another 4 minutes. Taste a <END>
INPUT: virgin olive oil, chives, tarragon leaves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Salmon | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 (5-ounce) piece salmon, with skin; 1 teaspoon extra-virgin olive oil plus additional, for drizzling; 1/2 tablespoon chopped fresh chives; 1/2 tablespoon fresh tarragon leaves, optional | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 425 degrees F. Rub salmon all over with 1 teaspoon oil and season with salt and pepper. Roast, skin side down, on a foil-lined baking sheet in upper third of oven until fish is just cooked through, about 12 minutes. Cut salmon in half crosswise, then lift flesh from skin with a metal spatula and transfer to a plate. Discard skin, then drizzle salmon with oil and sprinkle with herbs. <END>
INPUT: pancetta, virgin olive oil, romaine, garlic, loosely flat leaf
OUTPUT: TITLE: Romaine- and Egg-Stuffed Tomatoes with Pancetta | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 oz sliced pancetta (Italian unsmoked cured bacon), chopped; 1/2 cup plus 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1 large head romaine (about 1 1/2 lb); 1 large garlic clove; 1/4 cup loosely packed fresh flat-leaf parsley leaves; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 3/8 teaspoon black pepper; 1 oz finely grated Parmigiano-Reggiano (1/2 cup), plus additional for serving; 6 large tomatoes (about 3 inches in diameter); 6 large eggs at room temperature | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook pancetta in 2 tablespoons oil in a 10- to 12-inch heavy skillet over moderate heat, stirring occasionally, until golden and crisp, 4 to 7 minutes. Transfer with a slotted spoon to paper towels to drain, reserving fat in skillet. Strip romaine leaves from stems, reserving both separately, then tear leaves into roughly 2-inch pieces. Measure 4 loosely packed cups of leaves and reserve remainder. With motor running, add garlic to food processor to finely chop. Turn off and add the 4 cups romaine leaves along with the parsley, 1/4 teaspoon salt, 1/4 teaspoon pepper, and cheese, then pulse unt <END>
INPUT: Italian, risotto, vegetable stock water, wine, unsalted butter, onion, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Crabmeat Risotto with Peas and Mint | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 5 to 6 cups vegetable stock or water; 1 cup dry white wine; 3 to 4 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1 small onion, finely chopped; 3 garlic cloves, finely chopped; 1 1/2 cups Arborio rice; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 3 cups fresh or frozen peas; 1 bunch scallions, white parts and 2 inches of the green tops, cut into thin rounds; 6 to 8 ounces fresh crabmeat, preferably lump crabmeat; 4 to 6 leaves of fresh mint, roughly chopped, plus a few whole leaves for garnish; 1 teaspoon grated lemon zest; About 1/4 cup Parmesan cheese, preferably Parmigiano-Reggiano | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring the vegetable stock to a boil. Add the white wine and lower to a simmer. Bring the vegetable stock to a boil. Add the white wine and lower to a simmer. In a large, heavy-based saucepan or Dutch oven, heat 2 tablespoons butter over medium-high heat. Add the onion, lower the heat to medium, and cook, stirring occasionally, until tender, about 7 minutes. Add the garlic and cook for another 2 minutes. Add the rice and cook, stirring well to coat the rice, for about a minute. Add about 1 cup of the hot stock and stir gently with long, slow strokes until most of the liquid is absorbed. Add ano <END>
INPUT: winter, vegetables, potatoes, Brussel sprouts, parsnips, carrots, turnips
OUTPUT: TITLE: Winter Vegetables with Horseradish Dill Butter | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 pounds small red potatoes, quartered and reserved in a bowl of cold water; 3 pounds Brussel sprouts, trimmed and halved; 1 1/2 pounds parsnips, peeled and cut into 2-inch sticks; 1 1/2 pounds carrots, peeled and cut diagonally 1 inch thick; 1 1/2 pounds small turnips, peeled and cut into sixths; 3 sticks (1 1/2 cups) unsalted butter; 1/3 cup drained bottled horseradish; 1/3 cup cider vinegar; 1/3 cup minced fresh dill | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large vegetable steamer set over boiling water steam separately the potatoes, the Brussels sprouts, the parsnips, the carrots, and the turnips for 8 to 12 minutes, or until they are just tender. In a saucepan melt the butter over moderate heat, stir in the horseradish, the vinegar, the dill, and salt and pepper to taste, and in a large baking pan toss the vegetables with the butter mixture. Keep the vegetables warm, covered, in a 200°F. oven. In a large vegetable steamer set over boiling water steam separately the potatoes, the Brussels sprouts, the parsnips, the carrots, and the turnips  <END>
INPUT: cornbread, eggs, buttermilk, zucchini, all purpose flour
OUTPUT: TITLE: Zucchini Cornbread | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup (1 stick) unsalted butter plus more for pan; 2 large eggs, lightly beaten; 1/2 cup buttermilk; 1 large zucchini (about 10 ounces); 1 cup all-purpose flour; 1/2 cup whole wheat flour; 1/2 cup sugar; 1 teaspoon baking powder; 3/4 teaspoon fine sea salt; 1/2 teaspoon baking soda; 3/4 cup medium-grind cornmeal | INSTRUCTIONS: Position a rack in the middle of oven and preheat to 350°F. Butter a 9x5x3" loaf pan. Melt 1/2 cup butter in a small saucepan over medium-high heat. Continue cooking until butter solids at bottom of pan turn golden brown, about 3 minutes. Scrape butter into a medium bowl. Set aside and let cool. Whisk in eggs and buttermilk. Trim zucchini ends. Thinly slice five 1/8" rounds from 1 end of zucchini and reserve for garnish. Coarsely grate remaining zucchini. Add to bowl with butter mixture and stir until well blended. Sift both flours, sugar, baking powder, salt, and baking soda into a large bowl <END>
INPUT: fingers, Vegetable oil, eggs, coarse salt, pepper, chicken breast
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken Fingers | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Vegetable oil, for frying; 6 large eggs, lightly beaten; 1/2 teaspoon coarse salt; 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground pepper; 2 pounds skinless boneless chicken breast, cut into 3/4-inch strips; 1 to 1 1/2 cups fresh bread crumbs or panko (Japanese bread crumbs); Sweet and Sour Dipping Sauce, recipe follows; Carrot sticks, for serving, optional; Celery sticks, for serving, optional; Cucumber sticks, for serving, optional; 1 cup freshly squeezed orange juice; 1/2 cup orange marmalade; 1/3 cup ketchup; 1/2 cup apple-cider vinegar; 6 tablespoons sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: Line a baking sheet with paper towels, set aside. Heat oil in a deep fat fryer to 350 degrees F. In a medium bowl, whisk together eggs, salt, and pepper. Add chicken and turn to coat. Remove chicken from egg mixture and dredge in bread crumbs. Working in batches, carefully place dredged chicken into heated oil and cook until golden brown, 4 to 5 minutes. Transfer to prepared baking sheet to drain. Sprinkle with salt. Serve dipping sauce on the side. Serve vegetable sticks as an accompaniment. In a medium saucepan, combine orange juice, marmalade, ketchup, vinegar, sugar, cornstarch, soy sauce, <END>
INPUT: sundaes, blood oranges, unsalted butter, vanilla ice cream, almonds
OUTPUT: TITLE: Caramelized Blood Orange and Almond Sundaes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 blood oranges; 2/3 cup (packed) golden brown sugar; 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, diced; 1 quart vanilla ice cream; 1/2 cup sliced almonds, toasted; Fleur de sel* (optional) | INSTRUCTIONS: Squeeze juice from 1 orange (about 1/4 cup) into small bowl. Cut ends off remaining 2 oranges to expose flesh. Cut oranges lengthwise into quarters; pull out and discard white center pith. Cut orange quarters crosswise into 1/8-inch-thick slices. Place orange slices along with any collected juices in another bowl. Sprinkle sugar evenly over bottom of heavy 10-inch-diameter skillet; scatter butter pieces over and drizzle with 2 tablespoons orange juice. Stir over medium heat until mixture begins to melt and bubble, then swirl pan to blend. Cook until sugar mixture is dark amber, occasionally sc <END>
INPUT: french, toast, strawberries, sugar, orange liqueur, eggs, milk
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Grand Marnier French Toast with Strawberries | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 16 ounces frozen strawberries, thawed; 1/4 cup sugar; 2 tablespoons orange liqueur (recommended: Grand Marnier); 3 eggs; 1/2 cup milk; 1/4 cup orange liqueur (recommended: Grand Marnier), optional; 2 tablespoons sugar; 6 thick slices bread, cut in 1/2 diagonally; Whipped topping (recommended: Cool Whip) | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large bowl, combine strawberries, sugar, and liqueur. Let stand 1 hour, stirring occasionally. Set up grill for direct cooking over medium heat. Oil grate when ready to start cooking. In a shallow bowl, whisk together eggs, milk, liqueur, and sugar. Coat each slice of bread on both sides with egg mixture. Place coated bread slices on hot oiled grill. Cook for 3 to 4 minutes per side. To serve, place 1 piece of French toast on plate. Top with strawberries and whipped topping. Add another slice of French toast and repeat. INDOOR: Prepare bread slices as directed. Melt 2 to 3 tablespoons of  <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, olive oil, cuminseed, salt, couscous, scallion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Couscous with Cuminseed and Scallion | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon olive oil; 1/4 teaspoon cuminseed; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 1/2 cup couscous; 1/3 cup thinly sliced scallion; 3 tablespoons minced fresh parsley leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: In a small saucepan combine 3/4 cup water, the oil, the cuminseed, and the salt and bring the mixture to a boil. Stir in the couscous and let the mixture stand, covered, off the heat for 5 minutes. Fluff the mixture with a fork and stir in the scallion, the parsley, and salt and pepper to taste. In a small saucepan combine 3/4 cup water, the oil, the cuminseed, and the salt and bring the mixture to a boil. Stir in the couscous and let the mixture stand, covered, off the heat for 5 minutes. Fluff the mixture with a fork and stir in the scallion, the parsley, and salt and pepper to taste. <END>
INPUT: chinese, onion, beef short, Lemon pepper, Garlic salt, canola oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chinese Braised Short Ribs | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 large onion; 4 pounds beef short ribs; Lemon pepper, to taste; Garlic salt, to taste; 2 tablespoons canola oil; 2 cups low-sodium beef broth; 1 packet beefy onion soup mix; 2 (14.5-ounce) cans tomatoes with green pepper, celery and onion; 2 tablespoons five-spice powder | INSTRUCTIONS: Slice the onion and put it into a slow cooker. Season the short ribs with lemon pepper and garlic salt. Heat the oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Working in batches, brown all sides of the short ribs. When browned, place in slow cooker on top of sliced onions. In a mixing bowl, combine the remaining ingredients. Pour over the top of short ribs. Cover and cook on high setting for 3 to 4 hours or low for 8 to 9 hours. Cook's Note: Five-spice powder is a blend of ground spices used extensively in Chinese cooking. It usually consists of cloves, cinnamon, fennel seed, star anise, and S <END>
INPUT: mint leaves, boiling water, Honey
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mint Tea | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 bunch fresh mint leaves; boiling water; Honey, to taste | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine mint and boiling water in a teapot. Let stand for 10 minutes. Pour into tea cups. Add honey. <END>
INPUT: balls, peanut butter, honey, powdered milk, confectioners' sugar, chocolate
OUTPUT: TITLE: Peanut Butter Balls | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup peanut butter; 1 cup honey; 2 cups powdered milk; 1 cup confectioners' sugar; 1 cup melted chocolate; 1 1/2 cups crushed sweetened corn cereal (recommended: Corn Flakes) | INSTRUCTIONS: Mix peanut butter, honey, and milk together to form very thick mixture. Roll out into small balls about the size of a walnut. Roll in confectioners' sugar. Dip in melted chocolate. Roll in crushed cereal. Place on waxed paper and refrigerate until set. <END>
INPUT: Italian, speedy, low sodium chicken, wheat couscous, chickpeas, pesto, basil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Speedy Chickpea Couscous with Pesto | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cups low-sodium chicken broth or vegetable broth; 1 cup whole wheat couscous; 3/4 cup canned chickpeas, rinsed and drained (about half of a 14-ounce can); 3 tablespoons pesto; 4 tablespoons chopped fresh basil; 1 clove garlic, minced; 1/2 teaspoon fine sea salt; 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: 1 Pour the broth into a medium saucepan and bring to a boil. Remove the saucepan from the heat. Stir in the couscous, chickpeas, pesto, 2 tablespoons of the basil, garlic, salt, and pepper. Cover and let sit until the liquid is absorbed, about 10 minutes. 2 Taste and adjust for salt and pepper. Fluff with two forks, sprinkle with the remaining 2 table-spoons basil, and serve right away. 1 Pour the broth into a medium saucepan and bring to a boil. Remove the saucepan from the heat. Stir in the couscous, chickpeas, pesto, 2 tablespoons of the basil, garlic, salt, and pepper. Cover and let sit un <END>
INPUT: kuku, Olive oil greasing, eggs, Parmigiano Reggiano, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Eggplant Kuku | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 (1 1/2- to 1 3/4-lb) eggplant, halved lengthwise; Olive oil for greasing; 6 large eggs, separated; 1/2 oz Parmigiano-Reggiano, finely grated with a rasp (1/2 cup); 1 garlic clove, minced; 2 1/2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 1/4 teaspoon black pepper; 1 teaspoon salt; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted; Accompaniments: whole-milk yogurt; chopped fresh mint | INSTRUCTIONS: Put oven rack in middle position and preheat oven to 350°F. Bake eggplant, cut sides down, in an oiled shallow baking pan until very tender, about 30 minutes. When cool enough to handle, scrape flesh into a food processor, discarding skin, and purée until smooth. Add egg yolks, cheese, garlic, lemon juice, pepper, and 3/4 teaspoon salt and pulse until blended. Transfer to a bowl. Pour melted butter into a 6-cup (1 1/2-quart) gratin dish or a 91/2-inch deep-dish pie plate and tilt to coat bottom. Beat egg whites with remaining 1/4 teaspoon salt using an electric mixer at medium speed until they <END>
INPUT: Indian, coconut, milk, fish fillets steaks, lemon juice, vegetable oil, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fish Baked in Coconut Milk | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 2 pounds thick fish fillets or steaks, halibut, cod or salmon; 4 teaspoons fresh lemon juice; 2 tablespoons vegetable oil; 2 cups finely chopped onion; 1/4 cup vegetable oil; 2 teaspoons minced garlic; 2 teaspoons minced ginger; 1 teaspoon minced green chile, serrano, Thai or jalapeno; 1 cup chopped fresh tomatoes; Spice mixture:; 6 teaspoons ground coriander; 1 teaspoon ground cumin; 1/4 teaspoon ground red pepper, cayenne; 1/4 teaspoon ground black pepper; 1/4 teaspoon ground turmeric | INSTRUCTIONS: Cut fillets crosswise into strips 2-inches wide. Rub fish with mixture of lemon juice and oil, cover and refrigerate for 1 hour. Preheat oven to 350 degrees. In medium frying pan, over medium high heat, fry onion in oil until edges are nicely browned. Add garlic, ginger, and green chile, and stir over medium heat for 2 minutes. Add tomatoes, spice mixture, fennel seeds, and salt, and fry, stirring constantly until tomato pieces break down to form a lumpy paste. Add coconut milk and simmer about 5 minutes until a thick, rich sauce is formed. Arrange fish in an oiled baking/serving dish large en <END>
INPUT: Asian, Kosher salt, thyme leaves, bottles, pineapple, Vegetable oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Pineapple with Thyme-Ginger Ice | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: Kosher salt; 1 teaspoon thyme leaves, plus small sprigs for garnish; 2 bottles, 12 ounces each, ginger beer or all-natural ginger soda; 1 whole pineapple, peeled, eyes removed, and sliced into 8 even slices; Vegetable oil; 1 tablespoon sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Scatter the thyme leaves among the compartments of 2 large ice cube trays. Fill the trays with ginger beer and freeze at least 6 hours and preferably overnight. Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Put the pineapple slices on a nonstick baking sheet. Brush both sides very lightly with vegetable oil and sprinkle them evenly with the sugar; sprinkle very lightly with salt as well. Roast in the oven for 20 minutes. Remove from the oven and flip the slices. Put in the oven and continue roasting until they are golden, about 10 minutes more. Remove from oven and cool sli <END>
INPUT: barbecued, spiced, sesame seeds, cumin, sea salt, virgin olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Barbecued Quail with Spiced Salt and Lemon | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 (5 to 7-ounce) quails; 1 tablespoon sesame seeds; 2 teaspoons ground cumin; 2 teaspoons sea salt, plus more as needed; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; Freshly cracked black pepper; Lemon wedges | INSTRUCTIONS: Using a sharp knife, pierce each quail through the breastbone, and flatten out the bird with the palm of your hand. Score down both sides of the spine and remove the backbone. Add the sesame seeds, cumin and 2 teaspoons sea salt to a small frying pan over medium heat. Toast the spiced salt mixture, stirring frequently, until the sesame seeds are fragrant, about 1 to 2 minutes. Preheat a barbecue grill plate to high heat. Brush each quail evenly with the olive oil and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Grill the quail, skin side down, until the outside is crisp and the interior is cooked th <END>
INPUT: boil, beer, lemon, peppercorns, chili, cayenne
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spicy Crab Boil | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 24 ounces beer (2 bottles); 1 lemon, quartered; 1 1/2 tablespoons black peppercorns; 1 small dried red chili; 1 teaspoon cayenne; 1 tablespoon coriander seeds; 2 teaspoons brown mustard seeds; 1/4 teaspoon whole allspice; 4 cloves; 4 bay leaves; 1 tablespoon celery seed; 2 teaspoons dill seed; 1 dozen blue crabs (such as Maryland Blues) | INSTRUCTIONS: In a very large pot combine beer and lemon with 3 cups water. In a coffee grinder or spice mill, grind spices to a coarse powder; add to pot. Bring to a boil over medium-high heat, reduce heat to medium and simmer vigorously, 10 minutes. Add crabs and cover pot tightly. Bring to a boil and simmer 8 minutes. Serve on lots of newspapers with a small hammer, picks and lemon.; <END>
INPUT: Mexican, fish, Semolina, heavy cream, chicken broth, semolina flour, Parmesan
OUTPUT: TITLE: Crispy Fish with Semolina Polenta, Broccolini and a Cilantro-Citrus Salad | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: Semolina Polenta:; 1 cup heavy cream; 1 cup chicken broth; 1/3 cup semolina flour; 1/4 cup freshly grated Parmesan; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; Broccolini:; 24 pieces broccolini (see Cook's Note); 3 tablespoons grapeseed oil; 1 lemon, juiced; Cilantro-Citrus Salad:; 1 cup mandarin orange segments plus 2 tablespoons juice; 1/2 cup lemon juice; 1 teaspoon chopped fresh basil; 1 teaspoon chopped fresh oregano | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: a deep fryer and deep-fry thermometer For the semolina polenta: Combine the heavy cream and chicken broth in a small pot and bring to a boil. Slowly whisk in the semolina, bring the polenta back up to a boil and then reduce the heat to medium. Simmer the polenta, stirring regularly, until thickened, about 20 minutes. Stir in the Parmesan and season with salt and pepper. Keep warm. For the broccolini: Bring 1 gallon water and 2 tablespoons salt to a rolling boil in a large pot. Set up an ice bath for shocking the broccolini after blanching. Blanch the broccolini in batches un <END>
INPUT: distilled vinegar, sugar, firmly light sugar, coriander, cinnamon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pickled Grapes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cups distilled white vinegar; 1 cup sugar; 1/2 cup firmly packed light brown sugar; 2 teaspoons ground coriander; 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 10 whole cloves; 1/4 cup crystallized ginger; 2 medium jalapenos, diced; 1 bunch green or red seedless grapes, plucked from stems | INSTRUCTIONS: Mix the vinegar, sugars, coriander, cinnamon and cloves together in a saucepan. Boil over medium heat for 2 to 3 minutes. Remove the saucepan from the heat and stir in the ginger and jalapenos. Add the grapes and allow to sit at least 1 hour or preferably, overnight. Use the grapes in your next chicken or fruit salad. <END>
INPUT: cherry, unsalted butter, celery, leeks, Gala apples, chestnuts
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chestnut-Apple-Cherry Stuffing | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 10 tablespoons unsalted butter, plus more for the baking dish; 4 stalks celery, chopped; 2 leeks, halved and thinly sliced; 2 Gala apples, cut into 1/2-inch cubes; 1 12-ounce jar peeled cooked chestnuts, crumbled (about 1 1/2 cups); 1 tablespoon chopped fresh thyme; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh sage; Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper; 3 cups low-sodium chicken broth; 2 large eggs; 1/4 cup chopped fresh parsley; 16 cups 1/2-inch stale brioche cubes (about 1 1/2 pounds); 1 cup dried cherries | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F and butter a 3-quart baking dish. Melt 8 tablespoons (1 stick) butter in a large pot or Dutch oven over medium-high heat. Add the celery, leeks, apples, chestnuts, thyme, sage, 1 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of pepper. Cook, stirring occasionally, until the vegetables are tender, about 5 minutes. Add the chicken broth and bring to a simmer, then remove from the heat and set aside. Whisk the eggs and 3 tablespoons parsley in a large bowl. Add the bread cubes, dried cherries and the vegetable mixture; stir to combine. Transfer the stuffing to the prepared baki <END>
INPUT: olive oil, uncooked shrimp, bell peppers, onion, thyme
OUTPUT: TITLE: Shrimp Provençale | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons olive oil; 1 1/2 pounds uncooked large shrimp, peeled, deveined; 2 cups chopped red bell peppers; 1 cup chopped onion; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh thyme or 2 teaspoons dried; 3 large garlic cloves, chopped; 1/2 teaspoon fennel seeds; 1 14 1/2-ounce can diced tomatoes in juice; 3/4 cup Kalamata olives or other brine-cured black olives, pitted; 1/2 cup dry white wine; 2 tablespoons tomato paste; 1/2 cup chopped fresh basil | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat oil in heavy large skillet over medium-high heat. Add shrimp and sauté just until pink, about 1 minute. Using slotted spoon, transfer shrimp to bowl. Add bell peppers, onion, thyme, garlic and fennel seeds to skillet. Sauté until onion softens, about 8 minutes. Add tomatoes with juices, olives, wine and tomato paste; bring to boil. Reduce heat to medium-low, cover and simmer until flavors blend, about 10 minutes. Add shrimp; simmer uncovered until shrimp are just opaque in center, about 3 minutes. Mix in basil; season with salt and pepper. Heat oil in heavy large skillet over medium-high  <END>
INPUT: Asian, mongolian, beef, flank steak, canola oil, sesame oil, soy sauce, Shaoxing wine
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mongolian Beef Sandwiches with Black Bean Aioli | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 pounds flank steak, sliced against the grain; 1/2 cup canola oil; 1 tablespoon sesame oil; 1/2 cup thin soy sauce; 1/2 cup Shaoxing or red wine; 2 tablespoons minced garlic; 1/2 cup chopped scallions; 1/2 tablespoon coarsely ground black pepper; Canola oil; 2 red onions, sliced thinly; 2 serranos, minced; 1 head white cabbage, halved, 1 half reserved for another use, the other, shredded; 1 red bell peppers, julienned; 1 green bell peppers, julienned; 2 carrots, thinly sliced | INSTRUCTIONS: Marinate steak in a bowl with oils, soy sauce, wine, garlic, scallions, and black pepper. Let stand at least 4 hours refrigerated. Drain beef. In a hot wok, coat with oil and stir-fry onions and serranos. Add beef slices and cook until rare. Add vegetables. Check for seasoning. Serve with pita bread and Black Bean Aioli. Suggested drink: Singha Beer Saute garlic, beans, and ginger until soft. Deglaze with vinegar and reduce by 80 percent. Let cool completely. In a food processor, add mixture with yolks. With the machine running, drizzle in oil, slowly at first until it emulsifies, then more qu <END>
INPUT: fondue, strawberry, chocolate chips, heavy cream, butter, strawberries, graham crackers
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate Fondue with Fresh Strawberry Skewers, Peanut Butter and Fluff Sandwiches, Pretzels, and Sw | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup chocolate chips; 1/2 cup heavy cream; 4 teaspoon butter; 1 cup strawberries; 1 package graham crackers; 1/2 cup peanut butter; 1/2 cup fluff; 1 cup pretzel rods; 1 dozen Swedish fish candy | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring cream to a boil and add to chocolate chips and finish with soft butter. Keep in a warm place. Spread the peanut butter and fluff on the graham crackers and make sandwiches. Skewer the berry with 6-inch wood skewers and place all other ingredients around fondue. <END>
INPUT: American, pressed, sandwich, flank steak, Worcestershire sauce, virgin olive oil, Kosher salt pepper, mayonnaise
OUTPUT: TITLE: Steak and Horseradish Pressed Sandwich | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 flank steak (about 1 1/2 pounds); 2 teaspoons Worcestershire sauce; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1/2 cup mayonnaise; 2 tablespoons prepared horseradish, drained; 2 tablespoons whole-grain mustard; 1 medium to large red onion, sliced into 1/4 inch rounds; 1 large loaf rye bread (unsliced); 4 cups baby arugula; 1 large tomato, thinly sliced | INSTRUCTIONS: Place the flank steak in a casserole dish or baking pan. Drizzle with the Worcestershire sauce, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1/2 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of black pepper. Rub this mixture all over both sides of the flank steak and let sit at room temperature for 30 minutes. Pre-heat a grill pan for about 15 minutes. Meanwhile, mix together the mayonnaise, horseradish and whole-grain mustard in a small bowl. Set aside. When the grill is hot, cook the flank steak until an instant-read thermometer inserted in the middle of the steak reads 125 degrees F for medium rare, about 6 minutes per side.  <END>
INPUT: Kosher salt, pepper, thyme, lemons
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lemon and Garlic Roast Chicken | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 (5 to 6-pound) roasting chicken; Kosher salt; Freshly ground black pepper; 1 large bunch fresh thyme; 4 lemons; 3 heads garlic, cut in 1/2 crosswise; 2 tablespoons butter, melted; 1/2 pound sliced bacon; 1 cup white wine; 1/2 cup chicken stock | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Remove the chicken giblets. Rinse the chicken inside and out. Remove any excess fat and leftover pinfeathers and pat the outside dry. Place the chicken in a large roasting pan. Liberally salt and pepper the inside of the chicken. Stuff the cavity with the thyme, reserving enough thyme to garnish the chicken dish, 1 lemon, halved, and 2 halves of the garlic. Brush the outside of the chicken with the butter and sprinkle again with salt and pepper. Tie the legs together with kitchen string and tuck the wing tips under the body of t <END>
INPUT: water, sugar, tea bags, mint
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mint Tea | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 cups water; 3 tablespoons sugar; 4 green tea bags; 1 (2-inch) piece orange peel; 8 sprigs fresh mint | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring the water to a boil. When it's boiling, add the sugar and stir until dissolved. Turn off the heat. Drop the tea bags and the orange peel into a teapot. Rip the mint leaves and drop them in too. Pour the water into the teapot, put the lid on, and allow to steep for about 10 minutes. When you're ready to serve, pour into small glasses, using a tea strainer. If you can, try pouring a good few inches from the glass - this cools down the tea, and creates a light foam on top that is traditional. You can also chill this tea and serve over ice on hot days. Refreshing, and great for your digestio <END>
INPUT: chilies, calamari, virgin olive oil, peas, garlic, sundried tomatoes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Stuffed Calamari with Peas, Sundried Tomatoes and Chilies | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 8 large whole calamari, about 1/2 pound; 4 tablespoon virgin olive oil; 1 pound fresh peas, shelled to yield 3/4 cup, blanched and refreshed; 2 cloves garlic, thinly sliced; 1/2 cup sundried tomatoes, soaked 1/2 hour in warm water; 1 1/2 cups fresh breadcrumbs; 1 bunch Italian parsley, finely chopped to yield 1/4 cup; 1 1/2 cups dry white wine; 1 cup basic tomato sauce | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F. Clean the calamari. Remove the tentacles, finely chop them and set aside. Remove insides, being careful not to cut the stomach. In a 12 to 14-inch saute pan, heat oil until smoking. Add calamari tentacle pieces and cook until opaque. Add peas, garlic and sundried tomatoes and stir through, about 1 minute. Add bread crumbs and stir to coat. Season with salt and pepper and add parsley. Allow mixture to cool. Stuff bread mixture into each calamari until full and place in a 12 by 8-inch earthenware dish (just large enough to hold calamari and sauce). Add wine and tom <END>
INPUT: salad, eggplants, cherry tomatoes, olive oil, leaves basil, Salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Eggplant and Tomato Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 medium eggplants, slice 1/4-inch; 3 cups ripe cherry tomatoes, cut in halves; 1/4 cup olive oil, divided; 10 leaves fresh basil, shredded; Salt and pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 450 degrees. Place eggplant and cherry tomatoes on nonstick baking sheet, season with salt and pepper and 1/8 cup of olive oil. Roast for 15 minutes or until slightly brown. When done, cut the eggplant in quarters and toss with 1/8 cup of olive oil, fresh basil and salt and pepper.; <END>
INPUT: stock, chicken, onion, size celery, size carrots, parsley
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken Stock | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 5 to 6 pounds chicken parts, wings, backs, necks; 1 large yellow onion, quartered; 2 medium-size stalks celery, quartered with celery leaves; 2 medium-size carrots, quartered; 6 sprigs parsley; 2 bay leaves; 12 black peppercorns; 1 teaspoon each dried rosemary and thyme, crumbled (optional); 2 cloves garlic; 3 quarts water | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large stockpot, combine the chicken parts, onion, celery, carrots, parsley, bay leaves, peppercorns, rosemary, thyme, garlic, and water. Bring to a boil over high heat, lower the heat, and partially cover. Cook at a barely bubbling simmer for at least 2 hours or up to 4 hours, occasionally skimming off any scum that collects on the surface. When the stock has finished simmering, set aside to cool. Strain the liquid through a sieve or cheese-cloth-lined colander into a large heatproof bowl. Let cool slightly, cover, and refrigerate. Discard the vegetables and other solids. Refrigerate the  <END>
INPUT: cream, Smirnoff Orange Vodka, slice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Orange Cream | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1.5 oz. Smirnoff Orange Vodka; 1 splash(es) lemon-lime soda; 1 slice(s) orange | INSTRUCTIONS: Add Smirnoff Orange Flavored Vodka, and lemon-lime soda. Stir well. Garnish with orange slice.; <END>
INPUT: Asian, cakes, soy sauce, fish sauce, sweet potatoes, scallions
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sweet Potato Shrimp Cakes | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons soy sauce; 2 tablespoons fish sauce; 3/4 pound (41-50 count) shrimp, shelled and deveined; 2 large sweet potatoes (about 3 cups grated); 1/2 cup minced scallions; 1/4 cup minced shallots; 1 tablespoon minced serrano pepper; 1 tablespoon minced ginger; Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper; 1 egg; 1 cup all-purpose flour; 1/4 cup peanut oil, for frying | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large bowl, combine the soy sauce and the fish sauce, then add in the shrimp. Cover the bowl and allow to marinate, in the refrigerator, while preparing sweet potatoes. Peel and grate sweet potatoes. With hands, squeeze excess moisture from potato if necessary. In a large bowl, combine the sweet potatoes and the remaining ingredients, except the flour, mixing well. Stir in the flour and mix to combine. Remove the shrimp from the marinade to a cutting board, then chop and fold into the sweet potato mixture. In a large heavy bottomed skillet, over medium-high heat, add 2 tablespoons of the  <END>
INPUT: eggplant, Kosher salt, olive oil, garlic, Greek yogurt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Eggplant With Yogurt and Mint | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 large 1 1/2-pound eggplant; Kosher salt; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 2 cloves garlic, minced; 1/4 cup 2-percent Greek yogurt; 1 teaspoon dried mint; 1/2 teaspoon ground cumin; Pinch cayenne pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Stripe the eggplant with a vegetable peeler and cut into 1/2-inch-thick slices. Sprinkle the eggplant slices generously with salt, place in a colander and let sit 30 minutes. Rinse the eggplant under cold water and pat thoroughly dry. Meanwhile, combine the olive oil and garlic in a small glass cup, and microwave just until the oil is hot and bubbling, about 20 seconds. Whisk together the yogurt, mint, cumin, cayenne, 2 tablespoons water and salt to taste in a small bowl. Heat a grill pan over medium-high heat or prepare an outdoor grill for medium-heat cooking. Brush the eggplant slices on bo <END>
INPUT: kosher salt, sugar, orange zest, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Salmon with Horseradish Crème Fraîche | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup plus 1 teaspoon kosher salt; 1 cup sugar; 1 tablespoon freshly grated orange zest (from 3 medium oranges); 2 1/4 teaspoons freshly ground black pepper; 10 (7-ounce) fillets salmon, preferably wild king, skinned; 1 cup crème fraïche; 4 teaspoons prepared white horseradish, drained; 1 teaspoon cider vinegar; 6 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil | INSTRUCTIONS: In medium bowl, whisk together 1/2 cup salt, sugar, orange zest, and 2 teaspoons pepper. Coat salmon fillets with rub and transfer to rack set over large rimmed baking sheet. Transfer to refrigerator and chill 1 hour. In medium bowl, whisk together crème fraïche, horseradish, vinegar, remaining 1 teaspoon salt, and remaining 1/4 teaspoon pepper. Chill until ready to use. Preheat oven to 450°F. Oil large rimmed baking sheet. Using paper towels, pat salmon fillets dry. In large nonstick pan over moderately high heat, heat 2 tablespoons olive oil until hot but not smoking. Add 3 to 4 fillets, ski <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, soup, olive oil, lamb necks, onion, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lamb, Spinach, and Couscous Soup | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons olive oil; 2 1/2 pounds lamb necks; 1 large onion, chopped coarse; 2 large garlic cloves, minced; 4 quarts (16 cups) water; 2 cups beef broth; 1/2 cup dry red wine; 2 parsley sprigs; 1 1/2 cups sliced carrot; 1/2 teaspoon dried mint, crumbled; 1/2 teaspoon crumbled dried rosemary; 1 pound spinach, coarse stems discarded and the leaves washed well and chopped coarse; 1/2 cup couscous | INSTRUCTIONS: In a heavy kettle heat the oil over moderately high heat until it is hot but not smoking and in it brown the lamb necks. Add the onion and the garlic and cook the mixture, stirring, for 10 minutes, or until the onion is golden. Add the water, the broth, the wine, the parsley, and the carrot, bring the liquid to a boil, skimming the froth, and simmer the mixture, uncovered, for 2 hours. Transfer the lamb necks with tongs to a cutting board, discard the fat and bones, and chop the meat coarse. Add the meat to the kettle with the mint, the rosemary, and the spinach, bring the liquid to a boil, an <END>
INPUT: white, milkshake, scoops good quality, milk, chocolate syrup, chocolate stout beer, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Black and White Stout Milkshake | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 scoops good quality vanilla ice cream; 1/2 cup whole milk, chilled; 4 tablespoons chocolate syrup; 18 ounces chocolate stout beer (recommended: Brooklyn Brewery Black Chocolate Stout), chilled; Pinch salt; 4 mini salted pretzels | INSTRUCTIONS: Take the vanilla ice cream out of the freezer for 10 minutes or so to soften. Once barely softened, add to the blender 4 scoops of vanilla ice cream, the milk, chocolate syrup, and the chilled stout, pouring slowly so as not to generate lots of beer foam. Add the pinch of salt and blend to a smooth consistency. For a thicker consistency, add more vanilla ice cream. Pour the milkshake into 4 glasses and float 1 mini pretzel on top of each glass. <END>
INPUT: deviled, eggs, plain nonfat yogurt, Dijon mustard, radishes, chives
OUTPUT: TITLE: Deviled Eggs with Radishes, Chives and Thyme | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 10 large eggs, hard boiled, peeled; 1/4 cup plain nonfat yogurt or low-fat mayonaise; 4 teaspoons Dijon mustard; 1/3 cup finely chopped radishes; 4 teaspoons chopped fresh chives; 4 teaspoons chopped fresh thyme; Additional chopped fresh chives, thyme, and radishes; Whole radishes | INSTRUCTIONS: Halve eggs lenghtwise and transfer yolks to medium bowl. Mash yolks with fork. Mix in yogurt or (mayonaise) and mustard. Mix in 1/3 cup radishes, 4 teaspoons chives and thyme. Season filling to taste with salt and generous amout of pepper. Halve eggs lenghtwise and transfer yolks to medium bowl. Mash yolks with fork. Mix in yogurt or (mayonaise) and mustard. Mix in 1/3 cup radishes, 4 teaspoons chives and thyme. Season filling to taste with salt and generous amout of pepper. Spoon filling into egg whites, mounding center. Top with additional chives, thyme, and radishes. Arrange on platter. Gar <END>
INPUT: Indian, chili, poblano peppers, virgin olive oil, size zucchini, onions, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Zucchini Chili | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 4 poblano peppers; 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 1 1/2 pounds firm small to medium-size zucchini, chopped into small dice; 2 onions, chopped into small dice; 3 to 4 cloves garlic, chopped; 1 red or green hot chile pepper, chopped or thinly sliced; 1 tablespoon cumin, palmful; 1 tablespoon coriander, palmful; A few sprigs fresh thyme, chopped; 1 teaspoon dried oregano or marjoram, 1/3 palmful; 1/4 cup tomato paste; 1 (12-ounce) bottle beer (recommended: Negra Modela); 1 (15-ounce) can black beans; 2 cups chicken or vegetable stock; 1 tablespoon butter | INSTRUCTIONS: Char the skins of the poblano chiles by placing them over a gas burner or under a hot broiler with the oven door slightly cracked. Turn the chiles until the skins are black. Remove and cool the chiles in a tightly covered bowl, then peel and finely chop or process into coarse puree in food processor. Heat extra-virgin olive oil over medium-high heat and add zucchini, onions, garlic, hot pepper, cumin, coriander, thyme, oregano, salt, and pepper, stir frequently for 10 minutes. Add in the tomato paste, and stir 1 minute more. Deglaze the pan with beer, stir in poblanos and beans and about half  <END>
INPUT: Asian, satay, apple juice, peanut butter, soy sauce tamari, curry paste, chicken tenders
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken Satay | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup apple juice, microwaved until warm; 1/4 to 1/3 cup peanut butter; 2 tablespoons soy sauce or tamari, your preference; 2 teaspoons red curry paste; 8 to 10 chicken tenders (about 3/4 to 1 pound total) | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat grill to medium-high heat. In a small mixing bowl, whisk together the apple juice, peanut butter, soy sauce and the red curry paste. Add the chicken tenders to the heated grill and cook, about 3 to 5 minutes per side. Remove from the grill and top with the sauce. <END>
INPUT: custards, eggs, soft dark sugar, milk, heavy cream, zest orange
OUTPUT: TITLE: Baked Brown Sugar Custards | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 eggs; 2 ounces soft dark brown sugar; 1 cup milk; 1/4 cup heavy cream; Finely grated zest of 1 small orange, optional; Soft dark brown sugar, for sprinkling; 2 eggs; 2 ounces soft dark brown sugar; 1 cup milk; 1/4 cup heavy cream; Finely grated zest of 1 small orange, optional; Soft dark brown sugar, for sprinkling | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: 4 (4-ounce) cups or ramekins These gorgeous and very simple little desserts are somewhat like creme caramel or French 'flan'. The brown sugar adds a delicious, rich, toffee-ish flavor. You can even bake them in little espresso cups. Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Whisk the eggs in a bowl. Add the brown sugar, and mix well. Place the milk, cream and orange zest, if using, into a saucepan and bring up to a simmer. Remove the saucepan from the heat, and gradually pour into the egg and sugar mixture, whisking continuously. Pour the custard mixture through a sieve and into a  <END>
INPUT: grits, jalapeño, water, distilled vinegar, sugar, kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Shrimp Grits, Pickled Jalapeño, Fried Egg | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 jalapeño, thinly sliced; 3/4 cup water; 1/2 cup distilled white vinegar; 1/4 cup sugar; 1 teaspoon kosher salt; 2 1/2 pounds peeled and cleaned large (16 to 20 count) shrimp, thawed if frozen and tails removed (2 pounds total without tails); 6 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1 teaspoon kosher salt; 1/8 teaspoon cayenne or to taste; 1 2/3 cups vegetable stock; 1 cup corn powder*; 1 scallion, white and light-green parts only, thinly sliced; 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 4 fried quail eggs (optional); Equipment: Meat grinder fitted with a fine (3/16-inch) die | INSTRUCTIONS: Pickle the jalapeño: Place the jalapeño slices in a small heatproof bowl. In a small saucepan, bring the water, vinegar, sugar, and salt to a boil. Pour over the jalapeño, cover, and let cool. Once the mixture is cool, cover the bowl with plastic wrap and refrigerate overnight. Place the jalapeño slices in a small heatproof bowl. In a small saucepan, bring the water, vinegar, sugar, and salt to a boil. Pour over the jalapeño, cover, and let cool. Once the mixture is cool, cover the bowl with plastic wrap and refrigerate overnight. Make the shrimp "grits": Grind the shrimp using a meat grinder  <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, tagine, lamb shanks, carrots, onions, ginger, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lamb Shank Tagine with Apricot Couscous | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 4 lamb shanks (shin bone, cut short); 2 cups carrots (sliced on bias, 1/4-inch thick); 2 cups onions, diced; 4 tablespoons fresh grated ginger; 8 cloves garlic; 1 cup raisins or currants; 2 tablespoons ground cumin (toasted, fresh ground); 1 tablespoon ground cinnamon; 1 cup Kalamata olives; 1/2 cup lemon preserves, sliced; 1 quart chicken stock; 1 quart veal stock; 1 box instant couscous; 1 cup green coriander, roughly chopped; 1 cup dried apricots, diced | INSTRUCTIONS: In a hot casserole, sear lamb shanks until brown and remove. Saute carrots, onions, ginger and garlic for five minutes. Add raisins and spices and quickly stir. Return lamb to pot and add olives, lemon and stock. Bring to a boil and simmer approximately 2 and 1/2 hours or until fork tender. Season with salt, pepper, and sugar to taste. Follow directions on box for preparation of couscous. Add all other ingredients. Yield: 6 to 8 servings <END>
INPUT: Mexican, spanish, shrimp, garlic, shallot, pepper, olive oil, adobo sauce
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spanish Grilled Shrimp | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 clove garlic, minced; 1 small shallot, diced; 1/4 cup chopped green pepper; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1 teaspoon adobo sauce; 1 teaspoon tomato paste; 1/2 cup long-grain rice; 1/4 cup white wine; 3/4 cup chicken broth; Pinch saffron; 1/4 cup defrosted peas, cooked; 2 cloves garlic, smashed; 3 chipotle peppers; 1 lime, juiced; 1 cup olive oil | INSTRUCTIONS: For the rice: In a large saucepan, sweat garlic, shallot and pepper in oil until softened. Add adobo sauce, tomato paste, rice, wine and broth, give a quick stir. Add saffron. Bring to a boil, cover and reduce heat to low. Cook 15 to 20 minutes, until rice is cooked. Fold in peas. For the Shrimp Marinade: Blend in garlic, chipotle peppers, the lime juice, olive oil and cilantro in a food processor or blender. Pour over shrimp. Cover bowl with plastic wrap and marinate for 20 minutes. Preheat grill over a medium-high. Take shrimp out of marinade and cook on grill for about 1 to 1 1/2 minutes or <END>
INPUT: oxtails, Two bottles wine, oxtail, shallots, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Red-Wine-Braised Oxtails | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Two 750-ml. bottles dry red wine (preferably Burgundy); 12 large oxtail pieces (about 6 pounds total); 1/2 stick (1/4 cup) unsalted butter; 5 shallots; 5 garlic cloves; 2 medium carrots; 2 medium leeks (white parts only); 1 medium onion; 2 celery ribs; 3 fresh thyme sprigs; 3 bay leaves; 1 bunch parsley stems; about 4 cups beef broth; Accompaniment: celery root puree or mashed potatoes | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 325°F. In a 4- to 6-quart heavy saucepan boil wine until reduced by about half (about 3 1/4 cups). Trim oxtails and pat dry. Season oxtails with salt and pepper. In a deep heavy ovenproof kettle just large enough to hold oxtails in one layer heat 1 tablespoon butter over moderately high heat until foam subsides and brown half of oxtails on all sides, transferring to a bowl. Brown remaining oxtails in 1 tablespoon butter in same manner and transfer to bowl. Coarsely chop shallots, garlic, carrots, leeks, onion, and celery. Add vegetables to kettle and cook in 1 tablespoon butter <END>
INPUT: curd, lemons, sugar, unsalted butter, egg yolks
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lemon Curd | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 to 4 large lemons; 6 ounces sugar; 4 ounces unsalted butter; 8 egg yolks | INSTRUCTIONS: Grate the zest finely from the lemons, then squeeze and strain 6 ounces of juice. Combine the juice, zest, sugar, and butter in a saucepan and bring to a boil over medium heat. Whisk the yolks in a bowl until liquid. Strain out the zest and beat 1/4 of the boiling liquid into the yolks and return the remaining liquid to a boil over low heat. Whisk the yolk mixture into the boiling liquid and continue whisking until it thickens slightly, about 2 minutes. Do not allow the lemon curd to boil or it will scramble, although it may come to a slight simmer at the edge of the pan. Pour the lemon curd i <END>
INPUT: salad, onion, celery, smoked trout, mayonnaise, sour cream
OUTPUT: TITLE: Smoked Trout Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 small red onion, finely chopped; 1 celery stalk, finely chopped; 8 ounces smoked trout, skin and bones removed, flaked; 1/2 cup mayonnaise; 1/2 cup sour cream; 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh chives, dill, or flat-leaf parsley; 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice; Kosher salt, freshly ground pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Mix onion, celery, trout, mayonnaise, sour cream, chives, and lemon juice in a medium bowl; season with salt and pepper. DO AHEAD: Trout salad can be made 3 days ahead. Cover and chill. Mix onion, celery, trout, mayonnaise, sour cream, chives, and lemon juice in a medium bowl; season with salt and pepper. DO AHEAD: Trout salad can be made 3 days ahead. Cover and chill. <END>
INPUT: American, sandwich, baguette, butter, Brie Camembert
OUTPUT: TITLE: Brie and Butter Baguette Sandwich | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 baguette; 2 to 3 tablespoons butter; 4 to 6 thick slices of Brie or Camembert | INSTRUCTIONS: Cut the baguette in half lengthwise and spread the inside of each half with butter. Place the cheese on the bottom half and then place top of baguette on. Cut in half to eat it, if desired. <END>
INPUT: trimmed pork tenderloins, Salt pepper, vegetable oil, onion, baby bella mushrooms
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Pork Loin with Mushroom Gravy | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound trimmed pork tenderloins (about 2 tenderloins); Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 tablespoons vegetable oil; 1 large onion, thinly sliced; One 8-ounce package baby bella mushrooms, quartered; 1 package brown gravy mix; Mashed potatoes, for serving, optional; Fresh rosemary, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Line a rimmed baking sheet with aluminum foil. Sprinkle the pork evenly with salt and pepper. In a large nonstick skillet, heat 1 tablespoon oil over medium-high heat. Cook 1 tenderloin until browned, 2 to 3 minutes on each side. Remove the tenderloin and place on the prepared baking sheet and repeat with the remaining tenderloin. Place the baking sheet in the oven and bake the tenderloins until desired degree of doneness is reached, about 10 minutes. Add the remaining 1 tablespoon oil to the skillet and heat over medium-high heat. Add the onions and mushroom <END>
INPUT: chicken leg thigh, lemon peel, thyme leaves, Italian parsley
OUTPUT: TITLE: Braised Chicken with White Asparagus and Morel Sauté with Crème Fraîche | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 large chicken leg-thigh pieces (about 5 1/2 pounds total); 2 tablespoons finely grated lemon peel; 2 tablespoons fresh thyme leaves; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh Italian parsley plus 6 sprigs; 4 tablespoons (1/2 stick) butter, divided; 1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil; 1 cup sliced onion; 1 cup sliced leeks (white and pale green parts only); 1/2 cup dried morels (about 3/4 ounce); 2 bay leaves; 1 cup dry white wine; 1/4 cup dry Sherry; 4 cups low-salt chicken broth; White Asparagus, Morels, and Leeks; 1/2 cup crème fraîche or sour cream | INSTRUCTIONS: Toss chicken pieces with peel, thyme, and chopped parsley in large bowl. Cover and refrigerate at least 4 hours or overnight. Let chicken pieces stand at room temperature 15 minutes. Sprinkle with salt and pepper; let stand 15 minutes more. Preheat oven to 325°F. Melt 2 tablespoons butter with oil in large skillet over medium-high heat. Working in 2 batches, add chicken pieces, skin side down; cook until deep brown, about 5 minutes. Turn chicken over; reduce heat to medium and cook 2 minutes. Arrange in single layer in large ovenproof pot. Pour off all but 4 tablespoons drippings from skillet. <END>
INPUT: heirloom cherry tomatoes, onion, balsamic vinegar, confectioners' sugar, flaky sea salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pan-Roasted Tomatoes with Quick Balsamic Jam | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound heirloom cherry tomatoes; 1/2 cup diced red onion (1/4-inch dice); 1/2 cup balsamic vinegar; 1/2 teaspoon confectioners' sugar; 1 tablespoon flaky sea salt, such as Maldon; Extra-virgin olive oil, for drizzling; 2 tablespoons thinly sliced fresh basil | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat a large cast-iron skillet over high heat until smoking. Add the tomatoes to the dry pan and cook, turning a few times, until charred on all sides but still holding their shape, 3 to 4 minutes. Add the onions and then immediately pour in the vinegar. Stir in the confectioners' sugar until dissolved. Cook, stirring often, until the onions soften and the vinegar thickens, 3 to 5 minutes. (The onions should retain some bite; the vinegar should be reduced and be slightly syrupy.) Pour into a serving bowl, making sure to scrape out all the contents of the skillet. Season with the flaky sea salt <END>
INPUT: Asian, agua, fresca, watermelon, water, lime juice, ginger juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Watermelon-Ginger Agua Fresca | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 10 cups 1-inch pieces peeled watermelon (from about 8-pound watermelon), seeded, divided; 3 cups cold water, divided; 1/3 cup fresh lime juice; 1/4 cup (or more) sugar; 1 1/2 tablespoons fresh ginger juice* (from one 3-ounce piece of ginger); Ice cubes; Lime wedges; *To make ginger juice, peel a 3-ounce piece of ginger and grate it over a plate. Wrap in cheesecloth; twist at both ends to squeeze out the juice. Or  | INSTRUCTIONS: Place 2 1/2 cups watermelon and 3/4 cup cold water in blender. Puree until smooth. Pour agua fresca into large pitcher. Repeat 3 more times with remaining watermelon and cold water. Add lime juice, 1/4 cup sugar, and ginger juice to pitcher and stir to blend. Add more sugar by tablespoonfuls, if desired. Refrigerate until well chilled, at least 3 hours. DO AHEAD Can be made 8 hours ahead. Keep chilled. Stir before serving. Fill glasses with ice cubes; pour agua fresca over. Garnish each glass with lime wedge and serve. Place 2 1/2 cups watermelon and 3/4 cup cold water in blender. Puree until  <END>
INPUT: roulades, smoked salmon, chive cream cheese
OUTPUT: TITLE: Smoked Salmon Roulades | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound smoked salmon, cut into 8 slices; 1 cup chive cream cheese; 6 (1-inch diameter) Kirby cucumbers, washed, dried, and cut into 1/4-inch thick rounds | INSTRUCTIONS: Lay salmon slices flat. Spread each slice thickly with 2 tablespoons cream cheese. Roll up jelly roll-style into even, 1-inch thick rolls. Wrap each tightly in plastic wrap, twisting ends to make a compact package. Refrigerate for at least 1 hour to firm. Using a sharp knife, cut each into 1/4-inch thick rounds. Place one round on each cucumber.; <END>
INPUT: golden raisins, canola oil, onion, celery
OUTPUT: TITLE: Stuffing with Golden Raisins and Walnuts | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Nonstick cooking spray; 3/4 cup golden raisins; 2 tablespoons canola oil; 1 medium onion, chopped; 2 celery stalks, chopped; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 teaspoons poultry seasoning; 1 loaf stale bread, cubed; 1 cup walnuts, toasted and coarsely chopped; 1/4 cup chopped fresh parsley leaves; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh sage leaves; 2 (14 1/2-ounce) cans chicken broth | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Spray a 9 by 13-inch baking dish with nonstick cooking spray. Place the raisins in a small bowl and cover with 1 cup hot water. Set aside. Heat the oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Add the onions and celery, season with salt, pepper, and poultry seasoning, and cook until softened, 6 to 7 minutes. Drain the raisins, reserving the liquid, and put them into a large bowl with the bread, walnuts, parsley, and sage. Add the cooked onions and celery. Mix everything together, pour over the chicken broth, season with salt and pepper, and mix again. If the mixt <END>
INPUT: Canola oil, sweet potatoes, pecans, unsalted butter, orange juice concentrate
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spicy Candied Sweet Potatoes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Canola oil cooking spray; 2 29-ounce cans cut sweet potatoes, drained; 1/2 cup pecans, finely chopped; 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, cut into small pieces; 2 tablespoons frozen orange juice concentrate, thawed; 1/3 cup packed brown sugar; 2 teaspoons pumpkin pie spice; 1/4 teaspoon cayenne pepper; 3 cups miniature marshmallows | INSTRUCTIONS: Coat a 5-quart slow cooker with cooking spray. In a large bowl, stir together the sweet potatoes, pecans, butter and orange juice concentrate until combined. In a small bowl, stir together the brown sugar, pumpkin pie spice and cayenne pepper. Sprinkle over the sweet potato mixture and stir until combined. Spoon into the slow cooker. Cover and cook on low for 2 to 3 hours. Sprinkle the marshmallows over the top of the sweet potatoes in the slow cooker. Cover and cook on low for 15 more minutes, or until the marshmallows are melted. Photograph by Hallie Burton <END>
INPUT: tarts, sheet puff pastry, banana, fine quality bittersweet, pecan halves, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate Pecan Banana Tarts | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 sheet frozen puff pastry (about 1/4 pound), thawed; 1 firm-ripe large banana; 1 ounce fine-quality bittersweet chocolate (not unsweetened), chopped fine; 1/4 cup pecan halves, toasted lightly, cooled, and chopped; 2 teaspoon sugar; 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, cut into bits | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 425°F. On a lightly floured surface with a floured rolling pin roll out pastry into a 10- by 5-inch rectangle and cut in half to form two squares. On a baking sheet arrange squares about 2 inches apart. Cut banana diagonally into 1/4-inch-thick slices. Sprinkle pastry squares evenly with chocolate, leaving a 1/2-inch border on all sides, and arrange banana slices decoratively over chocolate. Top banana slices with pecans, sugar, and butter and chill 10 minutes, or until pastry is firm. Bake tarts in middle of oven 10 to 15 minutes, or until pastry is golden brown and cooked thr <END>
INPUT: pepper, meringue, unwaxed grapefruit, sugar, salt, free range egg, butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grapefruit and Pepper Meringue Tartlets | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 unwaxed grapefruit, zest and juice only; 3 1/2 ounces/100 grams sugar; Pinch of salt; 1 free-range egg plus 1 egg yolk; 2 3/4 ounces/75 grams butter, very soft but not melted, plus more for buttering; 2 3/4 ounces/75 grams sugar; Generous pinch of salt; 1/2 unwaxed lemon, zest only; 2 free-range egg yolks; 3 1/2 ounces/100 grams plain flour; 2 teaspoons baking powder; 3 1/2 ounces/100 grams sugar; 2 free-range egg whites (roughly 2 1/4 ounces/60 grams); 1 heaped tablespoon cornflour (cornstarch); 1 3/4 ounces/50 grams soft butter, cubed | INSTRUCTIONS: For the grapefruit curd: Measure 6 tablespoons/90 milliliters of grapefruit juice into a pan and whisk together with the zest, sugar, salt and eggs over a gentle heat. Sift in the cornflour and continue to whisk. Don't stop whisking at any point, otherwise the eggs will curdle. Once the curd is as thick as pureed tomatoes and has released a bubble or two, take it off the heat and whisk in the butter a cube at a time. Pour into a bowl and cover with cling film, placing it in direct contact with the curd to prevent a skin forming. Refrigerate for at least an hour (best overnight). For the biscui <END>
INPUT: Italian, olive oil, hot Italian sausage, Swiss chard, Kosher salt, pizza dough
OUTPUT: TITLE: Hot Sausage and Crispy Chard Pizza | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons olive oil, divided; 3/4 pound hot Italian sausage, casings removed; 1 bunch Swiss chard, ribs and stems sliced into 1" pieces, leaves torn; Kosher salt, freshly ground pepper; 1 pound prepared pizza dough, room temperature; 1/3 cup finely grated Parmesan; 1 tablespoon rosemary leaves; 1 cup grated Fontina cheese; 1 cup ricotta | INSTRUCTIONS: Place a rack in upper third of oven and preheat to 450°F. Heat 2 Tbsp. oil in a large skillet over medium-high. Add sausage and break into small pieces with a wooden spoon. Let cook, undisturbed, until bottom sides are browned, about 4 minutes. Add chard stems; cook, tossing occasionally, until crisp-tender, about 2 minutes. Transfer sausage and chard stems to a medium bowl with a slotted spoon. Let skillet and drippings cool until just warm, then add chard leaves, turning to coat. Season with salt and pepper; transfer to bowl with sausage mixture. Coat dough with remaining 1 Tbsp. oil and str <END>
INPUT: whipped, very heavy cream, Marshmallow Fluff, almond flavored liqueur, pure vanilla extract, milk
OUTPUT: TITLE: Coconut Hot Chocolate With Almond-Fluff Whipped Cream | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 cup very cold heavy cream; 1/2 cup Marshmallow Fluff; 2 tablespoons almond-flavored liqueur (such as amaretto), or 1/4 teaspoon pure almond extract; 1/4 teaspoon pure vanilla extract; 1 cup whole milk; 1 14-ounce can unsweetened coconut milk; 2 tablespoons good-quality unsweetened cocoa powder (such as Valrhona or Ghirardelli), plus more for garnish; 3 tablespoons packed light brown sugar; 1/2 cup good-quality bittersweet chocolate chips (such as Callebaut or Ghirardelli); 1/4 teaspoon pure vanilla extract; Pinch of fine sea salt; 1/2 cup sweetened shredded coconut, lightly toasted | INSTRUCTIONS: Make the whipped cream: Combine the heavy cream, Fluff, almond liqueur and vanilla in the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the whisk attachment; whip until soft peaks form. Make the hot chocolate: Combine the whole milk and coconut milk in a saucepan over medium heat and bring to a simmer. Whisk in the cocoa powder, brown sugar, chocolate chips, vanilla and salt; cook, whisking constantly, until the sugar and chocolate melt and the mixture is smooth and thick, about 5 minutes. Divide the hot chocolate among mugs and top with a large dollop of the whipped cream. Dust with cocoa powder and garn <END>
INPUT: smoothie, avocado, milk, lime juice, sugar, basil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Avocado Smoothie | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 ripe avocado, halved and pitted; 1 1/4 cups whole milk; 1 1/2 tablespoons fresh lime juice; 1 tablespoon sugar; 1 tablespoon fresh basil, chopped; Basil, thinly sliced; Ingredient info: To ripen avocados more quickly, place them in a sealed paper bag with an apple or a banana for 24 hours | INSTRUCTIONS: Scoop the flesh from the avocado into a blender. Add milk, lime juice, sugar, and chopped basil; purée. Add 1 cup ice; purée until smooth. Divide between 2 chilled glasses and garnish with thinly sliced basil. Scoop the flesh from the avocado into a blender. Add milk, lime juice, sugar, and chopped basil; purée. Add 1 cup ice; purée until smooth. Divide between 2 chilled glasses and garnish with thinly sliced basil. <END>
INPUT: crostata, all purpose flour, sugar, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Apricot and Amaretti Crostata | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups all purpose flour; 2 tablespoons sugar; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 3/4 cup (1 1/2 sticks) chilled unsalted butter, cut into 1/2-inch cubes; 4 tablespoons (or more) ice water; 1 1/2 to 1 3/4 pounds large slightly underripe apricots (8 to 9), halved, pitted, each half cut into 3 wedges; 2 tablespoons golden brown sugar; 1 tablespoon melted butter; 6 teaspoons honey, divided, plus; 1/4 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1 cup coarsely crushed amaretti cookies (Italian macaroons)*; 1 large egg, beaten to blend (for glaze); 1 cup chilled heavy whipping cream | INSTRUCTIONS: For crust: Blend flour, sugar, and 1/2 teaspoon salt in processor. Add butter. Using on/off turns, blend until mixture resembles very coarse meal. Add 4 tablespoons ice water. Blend to moist clumps, adding more ice water by teaspoonfuls if dry. Gather dough into ball; flatten into disk. Wrap dough in plastic; chill at least 1 hour and up to 1 day. Roll out dough on lightly floured sheet of parchment paper to 13-to 14-inch round. Slide dough, still on parchment paper, onto rimless baking sheet; chill 10 minutes. Blend flour, sugar, and 1/2 teaspoon salt in processor. Add butter. Using on/off tu <END>
INPUT: Italian, risotto, low sodium chicken, onion, Arborio rice, wine
OUTPUT: TITLE: Risotto with Peas and Prosciutto | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 5 cups low-sodium chicken broth; 1/2 cup finely chopped onion; 1/2 stick (1/4 cup) unsalted butter; 1 1/2 cups Arborio rice (12 ounces); 1/2 cup dry white wine; 1 cup frozen baby peas, thawed; 2 oounces thinly sliced prosciutto, cut crosswise into 1/4-inch-wide strips; 1/2 teaspoon finely grated fresh lemon zest; 1 cup finely grated Parmigiano-Reggiano (2 ounces); 3 tablespoons finely chopped fresh flat-leaf parsley | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring broth to a simmer in a saucepan and keep at a bare simmer, covered. Cook onion in 2 tablespoons butter in a 3- to 4-quart heavy saucepan over moderate heat, stirring occasionally, until softened, 3 to 4 minutes. Add rice and cook, stirring, 1 minute. Add wine and simmer, stirring, until absorbed. Stir in 1 cup simmering broth and cook at a strong simmer, stirring constantly, until broth is absorbed. Continue simmering risotto and adding broth, about 1/2 cup at a time, stirring constantly and letting each addition become absorbed before adding next, until rice is just tender and creamy bu <END>
INPUT: peppers, chicken breast halves, herbes de Provence, olive oil, Kalamata olives
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken with Bell Peppers and Olives | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 boneless chicken breast halves with skin; 2 teaspoons dried herbes de Provence or dried salad herbs; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 3 cups red, yellow and/or green bell pepper strips; 1/3 cup Kalamata olives, pitted, halved; 3 large garlic cloves, minced; 1/2 cup dry red wine | INSTRUCTIONS: Using rolling pin, pound chicken to uniform 1/2-inch thickness. Sprinkle with herbs and salt and pepper. Heat oil in heavy medium skillet over medium-high heat. Add chicken, skin side down; cook until brown, about 3 minutes per side. Transfer to plate. Add peppers to same skillet. Sauté over high heat 3 minutes. Add olives and garlic and stir 1 minute. Add wine and boil 1 minute, stirring up any browned bits. Return chicken and any accumulated juices to skillet. Cover, reduce heat to medium-low and simmer until chicken is cooked through, about 3 minutes. Season with salt and pepper and serve.  <END>
INPUT: Asian, salad, unseasoned rice vinegar, soy sauce, sugar, sesame oil, English cucumbers
OUTPUT: TITLE: Marinated Cucumber Salad | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup plus 2 tablespoons unseasoned rice vinegar; 2 tablespoons soy sauce; 4 teaspoons sugar; 4 teaspoons sesame oil; 2 English cucumbers, thinly sliced on a mandoline | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine the vinegar, soy sauce, sugar, oil and 1 tablespoon water in a medium bowl and whisk to combine. Add the cucumbers, cover, and let marinate in the refrigerator for at least 1 hour. Serve chilled. <END>
INPUT: chicken, Kosher salt pepper, Flour dredging, virgin olive oil, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Baked Lemon Chicken | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: One 3 1/2- to 4-pound chicken, cut into 8 pieces, patted dry; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; Flour for dredging; 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1 large onion, thinly sliced; Peel of half a lemon, white pith removed, cut into very thin strips; 2 large garlic cloves, minced; 1 1/2 teaspoons fresh rosemary leaves; 1 tablespoon honey; 1/4 cup freshly squeezed lemon juice; 1 cup chicken broth, homemade or canned low-sodium | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Season the chicken with salt and pepper. Dredge in the flour and pat off the excess. Heat a large skillet over medium heat and add 2 tablespoons of the oil. Add the chicken skin-side down and saute until golden brown, about 5 minutes per side. Remove the chicken from the skillet and reserve. Discard the oil and wipe the pan out with a paper towel. Add the remaining 1 tablespoon oil and heat over medium-low heat. Add the onion and cook until golden, about 10 to 12 minutes. Add the lemon zest, garlic, and rosemary, and cook for 2 minutes more. Add the honey, le <END>
INPUT: latkes, onion, Yukon gold potato, sweet potato, all purpose flour, kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sweet Potato Latkes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 medium yellow onion; 1/2 pound Yukon gold potato, (about 1 large); 1/2 pound sweet potato, (about 1 medium); 2 tablespoons all-purpose flour; 1 teaspoon kosher salt; Pinch cayenne; 1 large egg, lightly beaten; Vegetable oil; 4 teaspoons light sour cream; 4 teaspoons beet or regular horseradish; 2 to 3 sprigs flat-leaf parsley | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 200 degrees F. Put a wire rack on a baking sheet and place in the oven. Grate the onion on a box grater into a large bowl. Grate both potatoes into the same bowl, grating down the length of the potato to get long strands. Toss the potatoes with the onions as you work to keep them from discoloring. Put potato mixture in a clean dish towel and wring out excess liquid. Toss the latke mixture with the flour, salt, and cayenne. Stir in the egg. Heat a 1/4-inch oil in a large cast iron or other heavy skillet over medium heat. Working in batches, spoon about 1/4 cup of the latke m <END>
INPUT: Cajun seasoning, paprika, Italian seasoning, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Shrimp and Grits | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 pounds (26-30 count) Wild Georgia Shrimp; 2 tablespoons Cajun seasoning (recommended: Tone's Louisiana Cajun seasoning); 1 tablespoon paprika; 1 tablespoon dried Italian seasoning; Freshly ground black pepper; 2 cups water; 2 chicken bouillon cubes (recommended: Knorr); 2 tablespoons butter or margarine; 1 cup quick grits (recommended: Quaker); 1 tablespoon tomato paste; 3/4 cup heavy whipping cream; 3 1/2 ounces extra-sharp Cheddar; 2 tablespoons butter or margarine; 1 tablespoon minced garlic; 3 tablespoons all-purpose flour | INSTRUCTIONS: First, peel and devein the shrimp. In a small bowl, combine Cajun seasoning, paprika, Italian seasoning and salt and pepper, to taste. Sprinkle the spice mixture over the shrimp to coat well and set the shrimp aside. Next, make your grits. In a medium saucepan, bring water, chicken bouillon cubes and 2 tablespoons butter to a boil. Slowly add the grits, whisking often with wire whisk for 5 minutes. Add tomato paste, cream, and cheese. Keep whisking for another 2 or 3 minutes until the grits become creamy. Don't skimp on the butter and the cream, folks. Now saute the shrimp. In a large saute pa <END>
INPUT: American, aunt, paula, margarine, unsalted butter, cream cheese, sugar, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Aunt Paula's Cream Cheese Pound Cake | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 sticks margarine, softened; 1 stick unsalted butter, softened, plus 2 Tbsp. for melting; 8 ounces cream cheese, softened; 3 cups sugar; dash of salt; 2 tsp. pure vanilla extract; 6 large eggs; 3 cups cake flour; whipped cream, candied citrus peel and fresh mint for garnish; 4 Tbsp. butter; 1 cup heavy cream; 8-ounce bar semi-sweet chocolate; 3 bananas; 1/2 cup sugar; 2 Tbsp. (plus a dash) fortified wine | INSTRUCTIONS: Instructions for cake: Preheat oven to 275 degrees. Grease and flour a 10-inch tube pan. Cream margarine, butter, and cream cheese, with sugar until fluffy and well combined. Add salt and vanilla, and mix well. Add eggs, one at a time, beating well after each addition. Add flour and mix well. Pour batter into pan. Place in a cold oven and bake at for 1 1/2 hours, or until done. Check doneness by inserting a toothpick in the center; if it comes out clean, it's ready. Cool in pan, then turn out and slice into half-inch-thick slices. Preheat grill pan to medium heat. Melt remaining 2 tablespoons  <END>
INPUT: double, dipped, buttermilk, thyme, Tabasco sauce, Worcestershire sauce, kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Double-Dipped Buttermilk Fried Chicken | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 cups buttermilk; 1/2 tablespoon dried thyme; 2 tablespoons Tabasco sauce; 2 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce; 2 tablespoons kosher salt; 2 1/2 teaspoons freshly ground black pepper; 2 frying chickens (about 3 pounds each), cut up; 3 cups all-purpose flour; 1 tablespoon Cajun seasoning; Olive oil or vegetable oil, for frying | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine the buttermilk, thyme, Tabasco, Worcestershire, 1 tablespoon of the salt, and 1 1/2 teaspoons of the pepper in a nonreactive bowl large enough to contain all of the chicken pieces with at least 1 inch to spare. Add the chicken and turn to coat fully in the marinade. Cover with plastic wrap and marinate in the refrigerator for at least 6 hours or overnight. Remove the chicken from the refrigerator about 45 minutes before frying. Line a large baking sheet with aluminum foil. In a large, shallow bowl, combine the flour, remaining 1 tablespoon salt, Cajun seasoning, and 1 teaspoon pepper.  <END>
INPUT: tabbouleh, salad, jicama, flat leaf parsley, mint leaves, tomatoes, Persian cucumber
OUTPUT: TITLE: Jicama Tabbouleh and Chicken Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 3/4 pound jicama, peeled; 2 cups packed fresh flat-leaf parsley leaves, chopped; 1 cup packed fresh mint leaves, chopped; 2 medium tomatoes, chopped; 1 Persian cucumber, chopped; 1/2 onion, finely chopped; 4 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 2 tablespoons lemon juice; Kosher salt and finely ground black pepper; 6 chicken cutlets; 1 1/2 teaspoons smoked paprika | INSTRUCTIONS: Cut the jicama into chunks, and then pulse in the food processor until finely ground. Transfer to a large bowl. In the same processor carafe, pulse the parsley and mint until finely chopped. Add to the jicama along with the tomatoes, cucumbers, onions, 2 tablespoons of the oil, the lemon juice, 2 teaspoons salt and 3/4 teaspoon pepper. Stir together the remaining 2 tablespoons oil with the paprika, 1 teaspoon salt and 1/2 teaspoon pepper and rub all over chicken. Preheat a grill to medium-high heat. Grill the chicken, turning, until grill marks appear, about 4 minutes. Let the chicken rest 5 m <END>
INPUT: American, salad, eye steaks, Mesa Steak sauce, Salt pepper, vidalia onion, plum tomatoes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Steak Salad with Poblano Vinaigrette | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 4 rib eye steaks (6 ounces each); 1 cup Mesa Steak sauce, recipe follows; Salt and freshly ground pepper; 1 vidalia onion, peeled and sliced into 1/2 inch thick slices; 4 plum tomatoes, sliced in half; Olive oil; 8 cups baby spinach, washed; 2 tablespoons balsamic vinegar; 2 tablespoons olive oil; Poblano Vinaigrette, recipe follows; 1 cup ketchup; 1/4 cup horseradish; 2 tablespoons honey; 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard; 2 tablespoons maple syrup | INSTRUCTIONS: Place steaks in a shallow baking dish and cover with the steak sauce, let marinate for 2 hours, turning once. Preheat grill. Remove steaks from marinade and season with salt and pepper to taste. Grill for 3 to 4 minutes on each side for medium-rare . Remove and let rest. Brush onion slices and tomatoes with olive oil and season with salt and pepper to taste. Grill on both sides until just cooked through. Place spinach in a large bowl and toss with balsamic vinegar, olive oil and salt and pepper to taste. Divide the spinach among 4 large salad dishes or platters. Slice each steak into 1/2-inch  <END>
INPUT: pudding, water, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tapioca Pearl Pudding with Lychees and Mango | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 cups water; 1 cup small (1/8-inch) pearl tapioca (not quick-cooking); 1 (20-ounces) can lychees in syrup; 2 tablespoons sugar; 2 (3-inch) strips lime zest; 1 (2-inch) piece peeled ginger, thinly sliced; 1 large ripe mango, peeled and cut into 1/2-inch pieces; 1 teaspoon fresh lime juice | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring water to a boil in a heavy medium saucepan, then stir in tapioca. Simmer, stirring often, 10 minutes. Cover and remove from heat. Let stand until most of pearls are translucent, 25 to 30 minutes. Drain syrup from lychees into a small saucepan and add sugar, zest, ginger, and 1/4 teaspoon salt. Simmer, stirring occasionally, 10 minutes, then remove from heat and let stand 5 minutes. Coarsely chop lychees and put in a bowl with mango. Drain tapioca in a colander and rinse under cold water until cool, then add to fruit. Strain syrup though a fine- mesh sieve into fruit. Stir in lime juice a <END>
INPUT: confiture, carrots, Water, sugar, Zest lemon, Juice lemons
OUTPUT: TITLE: Carrot Confiture | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound/500 g carrots, peeled; Water, as needed; 2 cups/400 g sugar; Zest of 1 lemon; Juice of 2 lemons; 10 whole almonds, chopped; 2 tablespoons Cognac | INSTRUCTIONS: Slice the carrots and put them in a saucepan covered with water. Boil until very soft, then run through a food mill to puree. Stir the sugar into the puree in a saucepan. Add the lemon zest and lemon juice, bring to a boil, and cook until glassy and jammy. Remove the pan from the heat and stir through the chopped almonds and the Cognac. Cool. <END>
INPUT: world, coarse salt, imported pappardelle, corn, juicy, Scotch bonnet habanero
OUTPUT: TITLE: New World Pappardelle | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 teaspoon coarse salt, plus more for cooking pasta; 8 ounces dried imported pappardelle; 2 ears corn, husked; 4 small or 2 large juicy, vine-ripened tomatoes, room temperature, cored and cut into 6 to 8 wedges; 1/4 to 1/2 Scotch bonnet or habanero pepper, seeded and very finely chopped; 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 1/4 to 1/3 cup chopped cilantro | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring 1 large and 1 medium pot of salted water to a boil. Cook pappardelle in large pot of boiling water until al dente, according to package directions. While pasta is cooking; cook corn in medium pot for 2 minutes. Remove and refresh under cold running water. With a sharp knife, remove kernels from cob and transfer to a large heatproof bowl. Add tomatoes, pepper, olive oil, 1 teaspoon salt, and cilantro. Toss to combine. If desired, rest bowl with corn mixture over cooking pasta for 1 to 2 minutes to warm ingredients. When pasta is done, drain in a colander. Transfer to bowl with corn mixtur <END>
INPUT: persian, basmati rice, kosher salt, saffron threads, plain milk yogurt, unsalted butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Persian Rice | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups basmati rice; 3 teaspoons kosher salt, divided; Pinch of saffron threads; 2 cups plain whole-milk yogurt; 3 tablespoons unsalted butter | INSTRUCTIONS: Place rice in a medium saucepan; add 2 teaspoons salt and cold water to cover by 2". Bring to a boil over medium heat; reduce heat to low and simmer for 5 minutes. Drain rice, reserving 3/4 cup cooking liquid. Place saffron and 1/2 cup reserved cooking liquid in a small bowl; let saffron soften for 5 minutes. Place yogurt in a medium bowl and stir in remaining 1 teaspoon salt and saffron water. Add rice and stir to coat. Melt butter in a large deep nonstick skillet over medium heat; swirl to coat bottom and sides of pan. Add rice, mounding slightly in center. Poke 6-7 holes in rice with the en <END>
INPUT: Mexican, banana, tostones, onion, bay leaf, peppercorns, kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sweet Banana Tostones with Caribbean Lobster and Hearts of Palm Salad | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 onion, peeled and quartered; 1 bay leaf; 8 whole peppercorns; 1/4 cup kosher salt; 2 (1 1/4 pound) Caribbean (spiny) lobsters; 1 mango, peeled and chopped; 1 Scotch bonnet pepper, seeded and chopped; 2 scallions, green parts only; 1/2 bunch fresh cilantro leaves; 1 cup unsweetened coconut milk; 1/4 cup extra virgin olive oil; 2 limes, juiced; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; Vegetable oil, for frying; 2 green plantains | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large pot filled with water, add onion, bay leaf, peppercorns, and salt. Bring to a boil and cook the lobsters, and cook about 8 minutes. Remove the lobsters from the pot and allow them to cool. Make the dressing: Put all the ingredients into a blender and puree until smooth. Taste and adjust seasoning with salt and pepper. Pour 2 inches of vegetable oil into a deep pot and heat it to 375 degrees F. Peel the plantains and slice them into 1/4-inch thick slices on the diagonal. Fry the plantains in batches until they are crispy, about 5 minutes. Drain on paper towels and season them with sa <END>
INPUT: faux, fries, loaf cake, cardboard french fry, Raspberry Ketchup, empty ketchup squeeze
OUTPUT: TITLE: Faux "Fries" with Raspberry "Ketchup" | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 loaf pound cake; 1 cardboard french fry container (ask politely and you shall receive); Raspberry Ketchup, recipe follows; 1 empty ketchup squeeze bottle; 1 (12-ounce) bag frozen raspberries, thawed, or 2 cups fresh raspberries; 2 tablespoons confectioners' (icing) sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Trim off a thin layer of the cake's brown exterior crust. Cut pound cake lengthwise into 1/4-inch slices. Turn slices on their side and cut into 1/4-inch strips. Trim to 4 to 5 inches in length (if this sounds confusing, just remember, you are creating French fry-shaped strips). Arrange strips on cookie sheet and bake for approximately 10 minutes, or until browned on top and bottom. Turn strips and bake for approximately 4 more minutes, or until remaining 2 sides are browned. Let cool, then arrange in fry container. Place raspberries in a blender or food proc <END>
INPUT: chewy, bars, shortbread layer, all purpose flour, confectioners' sugar, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chewy Coconut Macadamia Bars | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: For shortbread layer; 2 cups all-purpose flour; 2 sticks (1 cup) cold unsalted butter, cut into bits; 2/3 cup confectioners' sugar; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/2 stick (1/4 cup) unsalted butter; 1/2 cup firmly packed brown sugar; 3/4 cup canned coconut cream such as Coco Lopez; 1/4 cup heavy cream; 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; a 7-ounce package sweetened flaked coconut; a 7-ounce jar macadamia nuts (about 11/3 cups), large pieces halved | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350° F. and butter a 13- by 9-inch baking pan. Preheat oven to 350° F. and butter a 13- by 9-inch baking pan. Make shortbread layer: In a food processor pulse shortbread ingredients until mixture just forms a dough. Pat dough evenly onto bottom of pan and bake 20 minutes, or until pale golden. In a food processor pulse shortbread ingredients until mixture just forms a dough. Pat dough evenly onto bottom of pan and bake 20 minutes, or until pale golden. Make topping while shortbread is baking: In a large saucepan melt butter over low heat and remove pan from heat. Whisk in brown <END>
INPUT: Asian, stew, Kosher salt, silken tofu, vegetable oil, gently cabbage kimchi, gochujang
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spicy Kimchi Tofu Stew | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: Kosher salt; 1 16-ounce package silken tofu, cut into 1" pieces; 1 tablespoon vegetable oil; 4 cups gently squeezed cabbage kimchi, chopped, plus 1 cup liquid; 2 tablespoons gochujang (Korean hot pepper paste); 8 scallions, cut into 1" pieces; 2 tablespoons reduced-sodium soy sauce; 1 tablespoon toasted sesame oil; Freshly ground black pepper; 6 large egg yolks; 2 tablespoons toasted sesame seeds | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Reduce heat, carefully add tofu, and simmer gently until slightly puffed and firmed up, about 4 minutes. Using a slotted spoon, transfer tofu to a medium bowl. Heat vegetable oil in a large heavy pot over medium-high heat. Add kimchi and gochujang and cook, stirring often, until beginning to brown, 5–8 minutes. Add kimchi liquid and 8 cups water. Bring to a boil, reduce heat, and simmer until kimchi is softened and translucent, 35–40 minutes. Add scallions, soy sauce, and tofu; simmer gently until tofu has absorbed flavors, 20–25 minutes (tofu will  <END>
INPUT: belgian, waffles, maple sugar coconut, baking powder, baking soda
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lemon-Poppy Chia Belgian Waffles | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup (284 grams) Gluten-Free Flour Blend, recipe follows, or store-bought blend, such as Cooking for Isaiah by Silvana Nardone Gluten-Free Multi-Purp; 1/2 cup (55 grams) quinoa flour or amaranth flour; 2 tablespoons maple sugar or coconut sugar; 2 teaspoons baking powder; 1/2 teaspoon baking soda; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1 1/2 cups unsweetened hemp milk; 1/3 cup flax seed oil or unflavored coconut oil, liquified; 2 large eggs, at room temperature; Finely grated zest of 2 lemons; 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 2 tablespoons chia seeds; 1 tablespoon poppy seeds; 2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract; Pure maple syrup, warmed, for serving | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: A Belgian waffle iron Preheat a Belgian waffle iron to the medium-high setting. For the waffles: In a large bowl, whisk together the Gluten-Free Flour Blend, quinoa flour, sugar, baking powder, baking soda and salt. In a medium bowl, whisk together the milk, oil, eggs, lemon zest, lemon juice, chia seeds, poppy seeds and vanilla. Add the wet ingredients to the flour mixture and whisk to combine. Grease the waffle iron and pour about 1/3 cup of batter into each waffle iron square; close and cook until crisp, about 5 minutes. Serve immediately with warm maple syrup. In a large <END>
INPUT: salad, dressing, sour cream, dill, Dijon mustard, caviar, baby skinned potatoes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Potato Salad with Creamy Caviar Dressing | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2/3 cup sour cream; 3 tablespoons chopped fresh dill; 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard; 1/4 cup plus 4 teaspoons caviar; 1 pound baby red-skinned potatoes; 4 ounces haricots verts or slender green beans, trimmed; 2 heads Belgian endive, sliced; 2 hard-boiled eggs, peeled, chopped; 1 bunch green onions, chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: Mix first 3 ingredients in medium bowl to blend. Fold in 1/4 cup caviar. Cover and refrigerate. (Dressing can be prepared 2 hours ahead. Keep refrigerated.) Cook potatoes in large pot of boiling salted water until tender, about 20 minutes. Using slotted spoon, transfer potatoes to work surface to cool. Cook beans in same pot of boiling salted water until crisp-tender, about 5 minutes. Drain. Rinse beans under cold water to cool. Cut beans into 1-inch lengths. Cut potatoes into quarters. Combine potatoes, beans, endive, chopped eggs and green onions in large bowl. Add dressing and toss gently t <END>
INPUT: Mexican, broth, canola oil, garlic, cumin seeds, peppercorns
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mussels in Light Broth | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons canola oil; 1 tablespoon peeled, finely chopped fresh ginger; 2 garlic cloves, finely chopped; 1 tablespoon cumin seeds (coarsely crushed in a mortar and pestle); 10–12 whole black peppercorns, coarsely crushed in a mortar and pestle; 1/4 teaspoon asafoetida powder; 1 teaspoon kosher salt; 16 ounces canned crushed tomatoes or 2 cups peeled, diced fresh tomatoes; 1/2 cup finely chopped cilantro leaves and stems; 2 pounds fresh mussels; 1 tablespoon Tempered Oil; 2 tablespoons oil; 10–12 curry leaves; 1 teaspoon brown mustard seeds | INSTRUCTIONS: In a 4-quart pot over medium heat, add the oil. Add the ginger, garlic, cumin, black peppercorns, asafoetida, and salt. Cook, stirring constantly, for 1 minute. Add the tomatoes and cilantro and cook for 5 minutes, stirring occasionally. Add 2 cups of water and cook for 8 minutes on a low heat. Add the mussels, cover and cook for 5 to 6 minutes, or until the mussels are opened. Remove from the heat. Transfer the mussels and broth to a serving bowl and finish with the tempered oil. In a 4-quart pot over medium heat, add the oil. Add the ginger, garlic, cumin, black peppercorns, asafoetida, and  <END>
INPUT: onions, fava beans, olive oil, onion, fennel bulb, fennel seeds
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sauté of Fresh Fava Beans, Onions, and Fennel | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 pounds fresh fava beans, shelled, or 3 cups frozen baby lima beans, thawed; 1/3 cup olive oil; 1 cup chopped onion; 1 fresh fennel bulb, trimmed, sliced; 1 teaspoon fennel seeds, coarsely ground in spice grinder; 1 1/3 cups (about) canned low-salt chicken broth; 4 tablespoons chopped fresh dill; 1/2 cup chopped pancetta*; 1/2 teaspoon dried savory; 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook fava beans in boiling salted water 2 minutes. Drain, cool and peel outer skins (do not cook or peel lima beans). Heat oil in heavy large skillet over medium-high heat. Add onion and fennel bulb; sauté 5 minutes. Add favas or lima beans and fennel seeds; sauté 3 minutes. Add 1 cup broth and 2 tablespoons dill; bring to boil. Reduce heat; simmer 10 minutes to blend flavors. Stir in pancetta and savory, adding more broth if mixture is dry. Simmer until favas are tender, about 15 minutes longer. Mix in lemon juice and 2 tablespoons dill. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Serve warm or at  <END>
INPUT: Asian, spiced, cumin, ancho chile powder, kosher salt, pepper, racks pork
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spiced Pork Ribs with Guava Glaze and Orange-Habanero Mojo | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 4 tablespoons ground cumin; 4 tablespoons ancho chile powder; 3 tablespoons kosher salt; 1 tablespoon freshly ground black pepper; 2 racks pork ribs, 12 ribs each, excess fat trimmed; Canola oil; Steaming Liquid, recipe follows; Guava Glaze, recipe follows; Orange-Habanero Mojo, recipe follows; 1 cup soy sauce, plus more if needed; 4 cups water, plus more if needed; 3-inch piece fresh ginger, thinly sliced; 2 cups guava jelly; 1/4 cup Dijon mustard; 1/2 cup fresh orange juice | INSTRUCTIONS: Mix together the cumin, ancho, salt and pepper in a small bowl. Heat grill to medium. Rub each rack with a few tablespoons of the spice mixture. Drizzle with oil and grill until golden brown and a crust as formed, about 10 minutes. Remove the ribs to a platter. Using side towels, lift the grate off the grill and place the roasting pan with the Steaming Liquid mixture on top of the coals or heat source. Return the grate to the grill. Return the ribs to the grill, rub side up, brush with some of the Guava Glaze, close the lid and continue grilling the pork, brushing with the guava glaze every 10 <END>
INPUT: Italian, beefsteak tomatoes, non acidic tomatoes, mozzarella cheese, mixed edible flowers, Salt pepper taste
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tomatoes, Mozzarella and Edible Flowers | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 2 medium beefsteak tomatoes, sliced; 2 medium non-acidic tomatoes, sliced; 3/4 to 1 pound fresh mozzarella cheese, sliced thin; 1 cup mixed edible flowers; Salt and pepper to taste; 1 tablespoon mustard; 2 tablespoons chives, snipped; 3 tablespoons champagne vinegar; 2/3 cup extra virgin olive oil | INSTRUCTIONS: In a mixing bowl combine, salt and pepper, mustard and chives. Stir in the vinegar. Slowly add the oil, whisking continually. Arrange tomatoes and cheese in an attractive manner on four salad plates. Garnish with flowers (whole or broken into petals). Serve with dressing. <END>
INPUT: bakes, Vegetable oil, virgin olive oil, pancetta, shallots, kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Gruyere and Spinach Bakes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Vegetable oil cooking spray; 1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil; 4 ounces thinly sliced pancetta, diced into 1/2-inch pieces; 2 shallots, chopped; 1 teaspoon kosher salt; 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; Two 1/2-to-3/4-inch-thick slices country-style bread, cut into 1/2-inch cubes (about 4 cups); 6 large eggs, beaten, at room temperature; 2 packed cups chopped spinach; 1 1/2 cups grated gruyere (6 ounces); 1/4 cup milk, at room temperature; Special equipment: four 10-ounce ramekins | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Position an oven rack in the center of the oven and preheat to 400 degrees F. Spray four 10-ounce ramekins with vegetable oil cooking spray. Heat the oil over medium-high heat in a medium skillet. Add the pancetta and cook until browned, about 6 minutes. Remove the pancetta using a slotted spoon and drain on paper towels. Add the shallots, salt and pepper in the same skillet. Cook over medium-high heat until soft, about 3 minutes. In a medium bowl, mix together the cooked pancetta, shallots, bread, eggs, spinach, gruyere and milk until all the ingredients are moi <END>
INPUT: Italian, provencal, Kosher salt pepper, virgin olive oil, garlic, pepper flakes, plum tomatoes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Baked Ziti Provencal | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 4 cloves garlic, thinly sliced; 1/4 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes; One 28-ounce can plum tomatoes, crushed by hand; One 15-ounce can plum tomatoes, crushed by hand; 1 sprig fresh basil, plus 2 tablespoons chopped fresh basil leaves; 1 cup fresh ricotta; 1 pound dried ziti; 10 ounces jarred or frozen artichoke hearts (thawed); 1 cup sliced jarred roasted red peppers; 1/2 cup pitted nicoise or Kalamata olives, coarsely chopped; 1 1/2 cups shredded mozzarella; 1 cup grated Parmesan or ricotta salata; 1 1/2 cups shredded provolone | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F. Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Heat the oil in a medium saucepan over medium heat. Add the garlic and red pepper flakes and cook, stirring, until the garlic is golden, about 2 minutes. Add both cans of the tomatoes and 1 cup of water. Increase the heat to medium-high and bring to a simmer. Reduce the heat slightly, add the basil sprig and simmer rapidly, uncovered, until thickened, 15 to 20 minutes. Discard the basil and stir in the ricotta. Season with salt and pepper. Cook the ziti in the water until very al dente, about 2 minutes less than th <END>
INPUT: American, herbed, frittata, scallions, garlic, olive oil, eggs, thyme leaves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Herbed Ham and Cheddar Frittata | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 scallions, minced; 1 garlic clove, minced; 1 tablespoon olive oil; 4 large eggs; 1 teaspoon fresh thyme leaves, minced, or 1/4 teaspoon dried, crumbled; 1 teaspoon fresh rosemary leaves, minced, or 1/4 teaspoon dried, crumbled; Freshly ground black pepper; 1/4 pound ham steak, chopped, rinsed, and patted dry (about 3/4 cup); 1/3 cup grated extra-sharp Cheddar cheese (about 2 ounces); 1 tablespoon minced fresh parsley leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: In an 8- or 9-inch flameproof heavy skillet cook scallions and garlic in oil over moderately low heat, stirring, until softened. In a bowl whisk together eggs, thyme, rosemary and pepper to taste. Add egg mixture to scallion mixture and cook, without stirring, 2 minutes. Add ham and cook, without stirring, 8 minutes, or until edges are set but center is still soft. While frittata is cooking, preheat broiler. Sprinkle Cheddar on frittata and broil about 4 inches from heat until cheese is bubbling, about 1 minute. Sprinkle with parsley and cut into wedges. <END>
INPUT: virgin olive oil, spinach, garlic, lemon, pepper flakes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Quick-Sauteed Spinach with Garlic | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup extra virgin olive oil; 1 1/4 pounds spinach, trimmed, well washed, and dried; 3 cloves garlic, peeled and very thinly sliced; 1 lemon, halved; Generous pinch red pepper flakes; Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper, to taste | INSTRUCTIONS: In your largest saute pan, heat the oil over high heat until very hot, almost smoking. Add the spinach and cook, stirring furiously, for about 1 to 2 minutes, the spinach should turn bright green and wilt slightly. Add the garlic and continue to cook, stirring rapidly, for 30 seconds. Remove the spinach from the heat, squeeze the lemon over the top, and add the red pepper and salt and black pepper. Toss well and serve. <END>
INPUT: floured, Eggs, Jumbo shrimp, Flour, Bread crumbs, Olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Floured Shrimp and Rapini | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Eggs; Jumbo shrimp (peeled, deveined and uncooked); Flour; Bread crumbs; Olive oil; Rapini | INSTRUCTIONS: Beat the eggs. Dip shrimp in the following order: first flour, then egg and finally bread crumbs. Heat olive oil in a frying pan. Fry shrimp for 1 1/2 minutes on each side. Heat oil in another saucepan and add chopped garlic. Cook until golden brown. Add rapini and cook for 5 to 7 minutes. Rapini should be a dark green. Serve with shrimp. <END>
INPUT: roast, greek, lemons, Salt pepper, garlic, oregano
OUTPUT: TITLE: ROAST LEG OF LAMB, GREEK STYLE | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 (8 to 10 pound) leg of lamb, bone-in, trimmed; 2 lemons, cut in half; Salt and pepper; 4 cloves garlic, sliced lengthwise; Dash oregano; 8 ounces water | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees. Under running water, trim the outer layer of fat from the lamb and blot dry. Allow the lamb to reach room temperature and squeeze the juice from the lemons over the lamb. Slice cloves of garlic, lengthwise. Put salt and pepper into a small container. Cut 6 small slots into each side of the leg of lamb, about 1-inch deep. Insert garlic slivers, followed by salt and pepper, into the lamb. Lightly sprinkle top of lamb with oregano. Pour the water into a roasting pan, add lamb, and cover with foil. Roast on lowest rack of oven for 40 minutes to 1 hour. Remove foil, <END>
INPUT: hash, sweet potatoes, olive oil, onion, wine vinegar, paprika
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sweet Potato Hash | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 sweet potatoes, peeled and diced; 1 tablespoon olive oil; 1/2 cup diced yellow onion; 1 tablespoon red wine vinegar; 1/2 teaspoon paprika; Salt and ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Place potatoes in a shallow (microwave-safe) dish and add about 1/4-inch of water. Cover and microwave on HIGH for 3 to 4 minutes, until just soft. Drain and set aside. Heat oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Add onion and saute 3 minutes, until soft. Add sweet potatoes, vinegar and paprika and cook 3 to 5 minutes, until potatoes are golden. Season, to taste, with salt and black pepper. <END>
INPUT: cookies, straight, egg, pure vanilla extract
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate Chip Cookies Straight Up or with Nuts | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 8 tablespoons (4 ounces) butter, softened but still cool; 3/4 cup (6 1/4 ounces) firmly packed dark brown sugar; 1/2 cup plus 1 tablespoon (4 ounces) granulated sugar; 1 large egg (1 1/2 ounces by weight); 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract; 1 teaspoon kosher salt; 1 1/4 cups plus 3 tablespoons (7 ounces) all-purpose flour; 1/2 teaspoon baking soda; 1/4 teaspoon baking powder; 8 ounces bittersweet chocolate, chopped the size of chocolate chips, or bittersweet chocolate chips (about 1 1/2 cups); 3/4 cup (3 ounces) chopped walnuts, optional | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. In a large bowl, using a wooden spoon, cream together the butter and brown and granulated sugars until smooth but not over mixed. (I do this by hand, but if you use a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment or a handheld mixer, beat on medium speed for 1 to 2 minutes, and then scrape down the sides of the bowl before continuing.) Add the egg, vanilla and salt and stir just until combined. Sift in the flour, baking soda and baking powder and stir gently just until combined. Add the chocolate and nuts if using and stir just until evenly distributed throughout <END>
INPUT: gluten, free
OUTPUT: TITLE: Gluten-Free Orange Almond Coconut Muffins | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup (177 g/6.25 oz) brown rice flour; 2/3 cup (58 g/2 oz) almond flour; 1/2 cup (70 g/2.46 oz) arrowroot; 1/3 cup (56 g/2 oz) Sucanat; 2 teaspoons (10 g/0.34 oz) baking powder; 1/2 teaspoon (1.5 g/0.05 oz) kosher salt; 1/3 cup (100 g/3.5 oz) maple syrup; 1/2 cup (121 g/4.3 oz) orange juice; Finely grated zest of 1 orange; 1 1/2 teaspoons (6 g/0.21 oz) vanilla extract; 1/2 cup (42 g/1.5 oz) chopped almonds; 1/4 cup (21 g/0.75 oz) unsweetened shredded coconut | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 375°F. Line 10 cups in a 12-cup muffin pan with paper liners, or grease them well with coconut oil. In a large bowl, mix together the brown rice flour, almond flour, arrowroot, Sucanat, baking powder, and salt. Make a well in the center, then add the maple syrup, orange juice, orange zest, and vanilla. Gradually stir the dry ingredients into the wet ones, mixing just until blended. Stir in the almonds and coconut. Spoon the batter into the prepared cups, filling them two- thirds full, and smooth the top of each muffin. Bake for 12 to 16 minutes, until a toothpick inserted i <END>
INPUT: American, hash, aioli, garlic, Aleppo pepper, coarse kosher salt, mayonnaise, virgin olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Flank Steak with Artichoke-Potato Hash and Aleppo-Pepper Aioli | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 garlic cloves, pressed; 1 teaspoon Aleppo pepper; 1/4 teaspoon coarse kosher salt; 1/2 cup mayonnaise; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1 teaspoon Sherry wine vinegar; 1 1/2 tablespoons fresh thyme leaves; 2 teaspoons Aleppo pepper; 1 teaspoon coarse kosher salt; 1/4 teaspoon ground black pepper; 1 1 1/2-to 2-pound flank steak; 1/2 lemon; 8 baby artichokes, stems trimmed; 1 1/4 pounds unpeeled small yellow potatoes (such as baby Dutch or Russian Banana); 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, divided | INSTRUCTIONS: For Aioli: Mash garlic, Aleppo pepper, and 1/4 teaspoon coarse salt to paste in mortar with pestle or in small bowl with back of spoon. Whisk in remaining ingredients. DO AHEAD: Can be made 2 days ahead. Cover and chill. Mash garlic, Aleppo pepper, and 1/4 teaspoon coarse salt to paste in mortar with pestle or in small bowl with back of spoon. Whisk in remaining ingredients. DO AHEAD: Can be made 2 days ahead. Cover and chill. For steak: Mix thyme, Aleppo pepper, 1 teaspoon coarse salt, and 1/4 teaspoon black pepper in small bowl. Rub seasoning mixture into steak; set aside. DO AHEAD: Can be m <END>
INPUT: carrots, kosher salt, pepper, unsalted butter, dill flat leaf
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sauteed Carrots | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 pounds carrots; 1 teaspoon kosher salt; 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1 1/2 tablespoons chopped fresh dill or flat-leaf parsley | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Peel the carrots and cut them diagonally in 1/4-inch slices. You should have about 6 cups of carrots. Place the carrots, 1/3 cup water, the salt, and pepper in a large (10- to 12-inch) saute pan and bring to a boil. Cover the pan and cook over medium-low heat for 7 to 8 minutes, until the carrots are just cooked through. Add the butter and saute for another minute, until the water evaporates and the carrots are coated with butter. Off the heat, toss with the dill or parsley. Sprinkle with salt and pepper and serve. <END>
INPUT: cookies, butter, sugar, eggs, vanilla, all purpose flour
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate Chocolate White Chocolate Chip Cookies | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 1/2 sticks butter, softened; 2 cups sugar; 2 eggs; 2 1/2 teaspoons vanilla; 2 cups all-purpose flour; 3/4 cup cocoa; 1 teaspoon baking soda; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 2 cups white chocolate chips, or more to taste; 1 1/2 cups semisweet chocolate chips | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Using a mixer, cream the butter and sugar until fluffy, scraping the sides once. Add the eggs, one at a time, mixing after each addition. Mix in the vanilla. Sift together the flour, cocoa, baking soda and salt, and then add in batches to the mixer, mixing until just combined after each addition. Gently blend in the white chocolate and chocolate chips. Using a cookie scoop, add 1 tablespoon portions to a baking sheet. Bake until the cookies are done but still soft and chewy, about 8 minutes. Let cool on a baking rack. Yummy! <END>
INPUT: virgin olive oil, onion, sea salt, plum tomatoes, baguette
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tuna on Toast | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil (preferably Spanish); 1 medium yellow onion, thinly sliced; 1/2 teaspoon sea salt, divided; 4 plum tomatoes, halved lengthwise; 1 baguette, cut into 16 slices (1/2 inch each) and toasted; 1 can (6 ounces) Spanish oil-packed bonito tuna (such as Ortiz), drained and flaked; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh chives | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat oil in a medium pan over low heat. Cook onion until golden brown, about 30 minutes. (Add 1 to 2 tablespoons water if onions stick.) Add 1/4 teaspoon sea salt; set aside. Place a grater over a bowl. Rub cut surfaces of tomatoes across grater. Discard skins. Add remaining ¼ tsp salt. Spread grated tomato over toasts (about 1 teaspoon per toast). Top with onion and tuna. Garnish with chives. Heat oil in a medium pan over low heat. Cook onion until golden brown, about 30 minutes. (Add 1 to 2 tablespoons water if onions stick.) Add 1/4 teaspoon sea salt; set aside. Place a grater over a bowl.  <END>
INPUT: slaw, celery root, Granny Smith apples, apple cider vinegar, trumpet royale mushrooms, Kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Trumpet Royale Mushrooms with Celery Root and Apple Slaw | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 large celery root, peeled and julienned; 2 Granny Smith apples, julienned; 1/2 cup apple cider vinegar, divided; 4 trumpet royale mushrooms, or some other large mushroom; Kosher salt; Extra-virgin olive oil; 1 cup creme fraiche; 2 tablespoons to 1/4 cup prepared horseradish; 1 1/2 cups mache lettuce; 1/2 red onion, sliced thinly in rings | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine the celery root and apples in a large bowl, toss with 1/2 of the apple cider vinegar and season with salt. Let it sit for about 1 hour. This will soften the celery root and apples. Preheat a large saute pan over medium-high heat. Cut the mushrooms in half lengthwise and season with salt. When the pan is hot, coat with oil and arrange the mushrooms, cut side down, in the pan. Saute until the mushrooms are soft and golden brown. Flip the mushrooms over and repeat this process on the other side. While the mushrooms are cooking, drain the excess liquid from the celery root and apple mixtur <END>
INPUT: jerk, kebabs, cider vinegar, dark rum, firmly dark sugar, scallions, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Jerk Chicken and Pineapple Kebabs | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/3 cup cider vinegar; 1/4 cup dark rum; 3 tablespoons firmly packed dark brown sugar; 1 bunch scallions (white and green parts), roughly chopped; 4 cloves garlic, chopped; 1 Scotch bonnet chile, stemmed, seeded, and minced; 2 tablespoons Pickapeppa sauce; 1 tablespoon freshly grated peeled ginger; 1 tablespoon ground allspice; 1/4 teaspoon pumpkin pie spice; 3 tablespoons vegetable oil; 4 boneless, skinless chicken breast halves (about 1 1/4 pounds), cut into large cubes; 1 bunch scallions (white and green parts), cut into 2-inch pieces; 1/2 fresh pineapple, peeled, cored, and cubed; Kosher salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Special Equipment: 6 long skewers Pulse the vinegar, rum, brown sugar, scallions, garlic, chile, Pickapeppa sauce, ginger, allspice, and pumpkin pie spice in a food processor to make a slightly chunky sauce. Heat the oil in a medium skillet and cook the sauce over medium heat, stirring, until the oil is absorbed and the sauce thickens slightly, about 3 minutes. Cool. Rub the jerk paste all over the chicken, cover, and refrigerate for 2 to 24 hours. Heat a grill pan over medium heat or prepare a grill. Thread the chicken, scallions, and pineapple alternately on skewers (if you use wooden ones,  <END>
INPUT: American, philly, unsalted butter canola, bell peppers, any leftover steak, garlic powder, Salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Easy Philly Steak Salad | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons unsalted butter or canola oil; 1 cup fresh or frozen sliced red and green bell peppers; 12 ounces any leftover cooked steak, shredded; 1/4 teaspoon garlic powder; Salt and pepper; 1 cup shredded mozzarella cheese (may use any cheese you like); 10 ounces salad mix (salad in a bag or shredded iceberg or romaine) | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat butter or oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Add peppers, steak, and seasonings and cook for about 5 minutes, or until peppers are tender. Turn heat off and top the hot steak and peppers with the cheese and let melt. Meanwhile, divide salad mix evenly between 2 bowls. Divide the hot mixture evenly over the bowls of salad, and serve immediately. <END>
INPUT: yellow, quinoa, water, virgin olive oil, butter, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Yellow Quinoa | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 3/4 cups quinoa; 2 1/2 cups water; 1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil; 1 tablespoon butter; 1 medium onion, chopped; 1 green bell pepper, thinly sliced; 1 garlic clove, minced; 1 1/2 teaspoons canned chopped green chiles (leftovers will keep in the refrigerator for up to a month, can be used for additions to scrambled eggs, h; 1 tablespoons adobo seasoning; 3 tablespoons flat-leaf parsley, roughly chopped, plus more for garnish; Salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Rinse the quinoa very well and drain it in a colander. This will remove the bitter powder-like coating, called saponin, a natural coating designed to repel bugs that can create a bitter taste. Put the quinoa it in a medium saucepan, add the water and let it cook for 15 to 20 minutes or until the quinoa is puffed and the water is absorbed. Fluff with a fork. In a separate large frying pan, heat the oil and the butter over medium-high heat until butter is melted. Add the onion, green pepper, and garlic, and green pepper and cook. Stir until the onion is transparent; approximately 5 to 7 minutes. <END>
INPUT: Italian, olive oil, shallot, garlic, pepper flakes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lighter Spinach Artichoke Dip | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: Cooking spray; 1 tablespoon olive oil; 1 shallot, minced; 4 cloves garlic, minced; 1/4 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes; Two 8-ounce packages frozen artichokes hearts, defrosted, chopped and squeezed dry; One 10-ounce package frozen chopped spinach, defrosted and squeezed dry; 1 cup non-fat Greek yogurt; 1 8-ounce package 1/3 less-fat cream cheese, softened and cut into chunks; 1 teaspoon hot sauce; 1/2 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce; 1 1/2 cups shredded part-skim mozzarella; 1/4 cup grated Parmesan; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Spray a 2-quart casserole dish with cooking spray. Heat the oil in a large non-stick skillet over medium-high heat. Add the shallot and garlic and cook, stirring, until soft, about 2 minutes. Add the red pepper flakes and cook, stirring, for 1 minute. Turn the heat off and stir in the artichokes, spinach, yogurt, cream cheese, 1 cup of the mozzarella and salt and pepper to taste; mix well together. Place the mixture in the prepared casserole dish and evenly top with the Parmesan and remaining 1/2 cup mozzarella. Bake until browned and bubbly, about 40 minutes <END>
INPUT: Indian, stew, oil, chicken stock, garlic, orange juice, apple cider
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lamb Stew | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup cooking oil, divided; 1 1/2 gallons chicken stock; 1/2 head garlic; 1/4 gallon orange juice; 1/4 gallon apple cider; 1/4 cup coriander seeds; 1/8 cup fennel seeds; 1 star anise; 2 tablespoons cumin seeds; 1/8 cup orange zest; 1 teaspoon salt; 1/2 tablespoon freshly ground black pepper; 1 leg of lamb; 3 cups dry white wine; Salt and freshly ground pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 500 degrees F. Cut the onions and turnips into quarters. Toss the onions, and turnips, carrots, and fennel lightly in oil and place them on baking sheets. Roast the vegetables for 30 minutes, stirring every 10 minutes. When vegetables are a dark caramel color, remove them from the oven. Reserve 1 onion, 1 carrot, 1 turnip, and the stalk of fennel; set aside. Put the remainder of the vegetables in a large pot with the chicken stock, garlic, orange juice, apple cider, coriander seeds, fennel seeds, star anise, cumin seeds, orange zest, salt and pepper. Cook the broth over hig <END>
INPUT: spiced, artichokes, Cornish game hen, Greek spice blend, clementines, marinated artichoke hearts, assorted Mediterranean olives
OUTPUT: TITLE: Greek-Spiced Game Hen with Clementines, Artichokes, and Olives | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 Cornish game hen (about 1 1/2 pounds), halved; 2 teaspoons Greek spice blend; 2 small clementines; 1 6-ounce jar marinated artichoke hearts; 1/4 cup pitted assorted Mediterranean olives; 1/4 cup dry white wine | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 450°F. Sprinkle game hen with salt and pepper. Using fingers, loosen skin and rub spice blend between meat and skin. Slice unpeeled clementines crosswise. Arrange clementines, artichoke hearts with juices from jar, and olives in single layer in 13x9-inch metal baking pan. Place hen atop clementine mixture. Roast hen until golden and cooked through, about 25 minutes. Brush with pan juices. Transfer 1 hen half to each of 2 plates. Place baking pan atop burner over medium-high heat. Spoon off excess fat. Add wine to clementine mixture in baking pan. Cook until liquid is reduced to <END>
INPUT: shortcake, unsalted butter, all purpose flour, granulated sugar, baking powder, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Classic Strawberry Shortcake | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 5 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, plus more for the pan; 1 1/3 cups all-purpose flour, plus more for dusting; 1 1/4 cups granulated sugar; 1 1/4 teaspoons baking powder; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1 1/2 teaspoons vanilla bean paste (or seeds from 1/2 vanilla bean); 2 large eggs, at room temperature, beaten; 3/4 cup whole milk, at room temperature; 1/2 teaspoon finely grated lemon zest; 1 1/2 quarts strawberries, hulled; 1 tablespoon strawberry jelly; 3 tablespoons confectioners' sugar; 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice; 1 1/2 cups cold heavy cream; 1/4 teaspoon vanilla extract | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Butter an 8-inch-round cake pan, then line the bottom with parchment paper; butter the parchment and dust with flour, tapping out the excess. Make the cake: Whisk the flour, granulated sugar, baking powder and salt in a medium bowl until combined. Whisk the melted butter, vanilla bean paste, eggs, milk and lemon zest in a medium bowl until just smooth. Add the wet ingredients to the dry ingredients and stir with a wooden spoon until incorporated. Pour the batter into the prepared pan and bake until a toothpick inserted into the middle comes out clean, 35 to 4 <END>
INPUT: cocktail, creme fraiche, lemon zest, lime zest, orange zest, lemon juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lobster Cocktail | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup creme fraiche; 1/2 teaspoon finely grated fresh lemon zest; 1/2 teaspoon finely grated fresh lime zest; 1/2 teaspoon finely grated orange zest; 1 teaspoon fresh lemon juice; 1 teaspoon fresh lime juice; 1 teaspoon fresh orange juice; 1 teaspoon chopped fresh tarragon leaves; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 English cucumber; 2 Belgian endives; 1 1/2 pounds cooked lobster meat (from about 3 (1 1/2-pound) lobsters); Garnish: mesclun and fresh chives | INSTRUCTIONS: In a bowl stir together creme fraiche, zests, juices, tarragon, and salt and pepper, to taste. Chill sauce, covered, 1 hour to blend flavors. Cut 3 inches of cucumber crosswise into very thin slices and reserve. Reserve 8 endive leaves for garnish and cut remaining cucumber and endive into 2-inch long matchsticks. Just before serving, coarsely chop lobster and in another bowl stir together with 3/4 cup sauce. Stir matchstick vegetables into remaining sauce. Line 4 Martini glasses with reserved cucumber slices. Divide matchstick vegetable mixture among glasses and top with lobster salad. Cut re <END>
INPUT: Lemon sauce, flat leaf parsley, lemon juice, olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Rao's Famous Lemon Chicken | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 (2 1/2 to 3 pound) broiling chickens, halved; Lemon sauce, recipe follows; 1/4 cup chopped flat-leaf parsley; 2 cups fresh lemon juice; 1 cup olive oil; 1 tablespoon red wine vinegar; 1 1/2 teaspoons minced garlic; 1/2 teaspoon dried oregano; Salt and pepper, to taste | INSTRUCTIONS: Whisk together juice, oil, vinegar, garlic, oregano, and salt and pepper. Cover and refrigerate until ready to use. Whisk or shake vigorously before using. CHICKEN: Preheat broiler at least 15 minutes prior to using. Broil chicken halves, turning once, for about 30 minutes or until skin is golden-brown and juices run clear when bird is pierced with a fork. Remove chicken from broiler, leaving broiler on. Using a very sharp knife, cut each 1/2 into about 6 pieces (leg, thigh, wing, 3 small breast pieces). Place chicken on a baking sheet (that will fit in the broiler) with sides. Pour lemon sauc <END>
INPUT: salad, carrots, fennel bulb, lemon, virgin olive oil, Salt pepper taste
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fennel,Carrot and Mache Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 large carrots; 1 large fennel bulb; 1 lemon, juiced; 3 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil; Salt and pepper to taste; Baby mache (any mild green will do) | INSTRUCTIONS: Using a peeler, remove the skin from the carrots and discard, then continue to peel the carrots until you are left with a pile of long thin slices. Cut the fennel bulb in half and remove the core from the inside. Shave the fennel as thinly as possible. In a separate bowl, mix together the lemon juice and extra virgin olive oil, season with salt and pepper. Dress the fennel and carrots with some of the vinaigrette and add the mache last.; <END>
INPUT: torte, meringue, walnuts, cake flour, baking powder, espresso powder, boiling hot water
OUTPUT: TITLE: Walnut Maple Torte with Maple Meringue Frosting | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup walnuts; 1 cup cake flour (not self-rising); 1 1/2 teaspoons baking powder; 1 teaspoon instant espresso powder; 1 tablespoon boiling-hot water; 1 1/2 sticks (1/8 cup) unsalted butter, softened; 3/4 cup sugar; 3 large eggs; 1 1/2 tablespoons vegetable oil; 6 ounces cream cheese, softened; 5 tablespoons pure maple syrup; 2 large egg whites; 1 cup pure maple syrup; 1/4 teaspoon cream of tartar | INSTRUCTIONS: Make cake layers: Preheat oven to 350° F. and butter and flour two 8-inch round cake pans, knocking out excess flour. On a baking sheet toast walnuts in middle of oven until 1 shade darker, about 8 minutes, and cool. In a food processor grind walnuts fine. Into a bowl sift together flour, baking powder, and a pinch salt. In a small cup stir together espresso powder and water. In a large bowl with an electric mixer beat together butter and sugar until light and fluffy and add eggs, 1 at a time, beating well after each addition. Beat in flour mixture, espresso, walnuts, and oil until just combin <END>
INPUT: potpie, chive, two chicken breasts, pearl onions, carrots, celery, peas
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken Potpie with Chive Mash Potatoes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: two 1-pound whole chicken breasts with skin and bones; 1/4 pound pearl onions (about 1 cup), unpeeled; 2 medium carrots, cut into 1/4-inch-thick slices; 2 celery ribs, halved lengthwise and cut into 1/4-inch-thick pieces; 1/2 cup thawed frozen peas; 1/4 pound mushrooms (about 8), sliced thin; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1/4 cup finely chopped shallots (about 2 large); 1 bay leaf; 1/4 teaspoon dried thyme, crumbled; 1/4 teaspoon dried tarragon, crumbled; 1/4 cup all-purpose flour; 1/3 cup dry white wine; 2 1/2 cups low-salt chicken broth; freshly grated nutmeg to taste | INSTRUCTIONS: Make filling In 5-quart saucepan bring 3 quarts water to a boil. Add chicken and simmer, uncovered, 20 minutes. Remove pan from heat and let stand 30 minutes.Transfer chicken to a bowl, discarding cooking liquid, and cool. Discard skin and bones. Cut chicken into 3/4-inch cubes and return to bowl. In a 3-quart saucepan bring 2 quarts water to boil and cook onions until tender, 7 to 8 minutes. Transfer onions with a slotted spoon to a bowl of ice and cold water, reserving cooking liquid in pan. Cut root ends off onions and peel. Add onions to chicken. Return reserved cooking liquid to a boil an <END>
INPUT: whipped, whipping cream, sugar, vanilla extract, miniature semisweet chocolate, milk
OUTPUT: TITLE: Hot Chocolate with Chocolate-Chip Whipped Cream | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup chilled whipping cream; 2 tablespoons plus 1/4 cup sugar; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; 1 cup miniature semisweet chocolate chips (about 6 ounces); 3 cups whole milk; 3 tablespoons unsweetened cocoa powder | INSTRUCTIONS: Whip cream, 2 tablespoons sugar and 1/2 teaspoon vanilla in medium bowl until peaks form. Fold in 1/4 cup chocolate chips. Cover; chill up to 4 hours. Combine remaining 1/4 cup sugar and 3/4 cup chocolate chips in heavy medium saucepan; add milk and cocoa. Whisk over medium heat until mixture almost simmers and chocolate melts. Whisk in remaining 1/2 teaspoon vanilla. Ladle hot chocolate into mugs. Whisk chocolate-chip cream to thicken if deflated; dollop cream atop hot chocolate. Whip cream, 2 tablespoons sugar and 1/2 teaspoon vanilla in medium bowl until peaks form. Fold in 1/4 cup chocolat <END>
INPUT: Italian, eggplant, parmesan, olive oil, onion, garlic, pepper flakes, roasted peppers
OUTPUT: TITLE: Eggplant Parmesan | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons olive oil; 1 large yellow onion, coarsely chopped; 3 cloves garlic, coarsely chopped; 1/2 teaspoon red pepper flakes; 3 roasted red peppers, peeled, seeded and chopped; 2 (28-ounce) cans plum tomatoes and their juices, crushed with your hands; 1 (28-ounce) can crushed tomatoes; 3 tablespoons freshly chopped flat-leaf parsley; 3 tablespoons freshly chopped basil leaves; 1 tablespoon freshly chopped oregano leaves; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; Honey, to taste; 5 cups fresh dried breadcrumbs (made from dried day-old bread); Butter, for greasing the dish; 3 tablespoons finely chopped fresh flat-leaf parsley | INSTRUCTIONS: For the Roasted Red Pepper Tomato Sauce: Heat the oil in a large Dutch oven over medium-high heat. Add the onion and cook until soft. Add the garlic and red pepper flakes and cook for 1 minute. Add the red peppers and cook for 1 minute. Add the tomatoes, bring to a boil and cook, stirring occasionally, until thickened, about 25 to 30 minutes. Transfer the mixture to a food processor and process until smooth. Return the mixture back to the pot, add the parsley, basil and oregano and season with salt and pepper. Cook for 10 minutes longer and season with honey, if needed. To dry out the bread cr <END>
INPUT: vinaigrette, bell peppers, cauliflower, virgin olive oil, lemon juice, capers
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Red Peppers and Cauliflower with Caper Vinaigrette | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 red bell peppers; 2 heads cauliflower, trimmed and cut into 2-inch florets; 3/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil, divided; 3 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 1/4 cup large capers (not salted), drained and rinsed | INSTRUCTIONS: Toss cauliflower with 1/4 cup oil, 1 teaspoon salt, and 1/2 teaspoon pepper in a large bowl, then divide between two 4-sided sheet pans. Roast cauliflower, turning it and switching position of pans halfway through, until just tender and browned in spots, about 20 minutes total. While cauliflower roasts, whisk together lemon juice, 1/2 teaspoon salt, and 1/2 teaspoon pepper in a large serving bowl, then add remaining 1/2 cup oil in a slow stream, whisking. Finely chop about 1 tablespoon capers, then whisk chopped and whole capers into vinaigrette. Add warm cauliflower and peppers and toss to co <END>
INPUT: beans, basil leaves, olive oil, lamb shoulder roast, Kosher salt, thyme
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lamb Shoulder with Polenta and Beans | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups fresh basil leaves; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1 3-pound boneless lamb shoulder roast, tied (a butcher can do this); Kosher salt, freshly ground pepper; 4 sprigs thyme; 1 small shallot, finely chopped; 1 garlic clove, finely grated; 1 cup coarse polenta; 1 cup heavy cream; 3 cups (or more) low-sodium chicken broth; Kosher salt, freshly ground pepper; 1/3 cup sugar; 1/3 cup unseasoned rice vinegar; 1/2 teaspoon hot chili paste (such as sambal oelek); 1 teaspoon kosher salt plus more | INSTRUCTIONS: For lamb roast: Preheat oven to 325°F. Blend basil and oil in a food processor until smooth. Place lamb in a roasting pan. Season generously with salt and pepper and rub basil purée all over. Cover with foil, and cook until fork-tender, 3-3 1/2 hours. Increase oven temperature to 500°F. Remove foil and roast lamb until golden brown, 10-15 minutes. Let rest 30 minutes. Pour pan juices into a measuring cup and skim; set jus aside. Preheat oven to 325°F. Blend basil and oil in a food processor until smooth. Place lamb in a roasting pan. Season generously with salt and pepper and rub basil purée a <END>
INPUT: vegetable oil, chicken wings, Kosher salt pepper, hot pepper jelly, lime juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Broiled Hot Pepper Wings | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, plus extra for oiling rack; 5 pounds chicken wings, split, wing tips cut off and discarded; Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper; 1 cup hot pepper jelly (recommended: Stonewall Kitchens); 1/2 cup freshly squeezed lime juice; 1/2 cup hot sauce (recommended: Frank's) | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the broiler. Line a sheet pan with foil, place a rack on top of the pan and oil the rack. Toss the wings with the 2 tablespoons oil and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Spread the wings on the rack in 1 layer. Broil 4 to 5 inches from the heat, turning over once, until barely cooked through, 15 to 20 minutes. In a small saucepan over moderate heat, whisk the hot pepper jelly, lime juice and hot sauce until smooth. Bring to a boil, reduce the heat and let simmer 1 to 2 minutes. Brush 1/4 cup sauce on the cooked wings and broil 1 to 2 minutes. Brush the wings with 1/4 cup sauce again, and  <END>
INPUT: fennel bulbs, onions, unsalted butter, olive oil, balsamic vinegar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Fennel and Red Onions | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 large fennel bulbs (sometimes called anise; about 2 pounds), stalks ;trimmed flush with bulb and any tough outer layers discarded; 2 small red onions, quartered; 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, melted; 1 tablespoon olive oil; 1 tablespoon balsamic vinegar | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 400°F. Cut each fennel bulb lengthwise into 8 wedges and in a roasting pan toss fennel and onions with butter, oil, and salt and pepper to taste. Roast vegetables, stirring once halfway through roasting, 25 minutes, or until tender. Add vinegar to vegetables and toss to coat. Preheat oven to 400°F. Cut each fennel bulb lengthwise into 8 wedges and in a roasting pan toss fennel and onions with butter, oil, and salt and pepper to taste. Roast vegetables, stirring once halfway through roasting, 25 minutes, or until tender. Add vinegar to vegetables and toss to coat. <END>
INPUT: soup, butter, broken vermicelli spaghetti, long grain rice, chicken stock
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spanish Chicken and Rice Soup | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons butter; 1/4 cup broken vermicelli or thin spaghetti, 1 inch pieces; 1/2 cup long-grain white rice; 1 quart chicken stock; 2 pieces boneless, skinless chicken breast, rinsed; 1 small white or yellow onion, peeled and halved; 2 tablespoons fresh flat-leaf parsley leaves, finely chopped; 2 fresh bay leaves; 1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil; 5 ounces Spanish chorizo, chopped or crumbled, casing removed (recommended: Gaspar's or Trois Petit Cochons); 1 large Spanish yellow onion, chopped; 2 carrots, peeled and chopped; Few ribs celery from the heart, chopped; 1 red chile pepper, thinly sliced; 4 cloves garlic, chopped or very thinly sliced | INSTRUCTIONS: Place the butter in a small pot over medium heat. Melt the butter and toast the pasta 2 to 3 minutes or until golden in color, add the rice and stir to coat. Add 1 cup stock to the pot and bring the mixture to a bubble, reduce the heat to low, cover the pot and cook 15 minutes. Stir in parsley; turn off the heat and cover. Let stand to cool. Fluff the rice with a fork then place in container and store in the refrigerator. Meanwhile, place the rinsed trimmed chicken pieces in a shallow pan with the onion and bay leaves and cover with just enough water to come up to the top of the chicken, bring <END>
INPUT: American, sliders, Canola oil, onion, garlic, thyme
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken Sliders with Spicy BBQ Mayo | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: Canola oil; 1 medium onion, chopped; 1 tablespoon chopped garlic; 2 pounds bone-in, skin-on chicken thighs, about 8; 1 sprig fresh thyme; 1 sprig fresh rosemary; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1/2 cup water; 2 teaspoons sugar; 1 tablespoon apple cider vinegar; 1/2 teaspoon red pepper flakes; 1 head green cabbage; 1/2 cup mayonnaise; 1/2 cup barbecue sauce; 1 tablespoon spicy brown mustard | INSTRUCTIONS: Add canola oil to a heavy bottomed pot with a tight fitting lid and put it over medium heat. Add the onion and garlic and saute until softened, about 4 minutes. Add the chicken thighs, skin side up, fitting them in tightly. Add the thyme and rosemary sprigs, season with salt and pepper, to taste, and pour in 1/2 cup water. When it comes to a boil, lower the heat, cover and simmer for 1 hour. Remove the chicken from the pot and let it cool. When it is cool, shred the meat, discarding the skin and bones. (Reserve the meat from 2 thighs for Round 2 Recipe Chicken Tacos with Cucumber Salsa.) In a  <END>
INPUT: half, shell, littleneck clams, Olive oil, Serrano ham
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Clams on the Half Shell with Serrano Ham | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 32 littleneck clams, scrubbed; Olive oil; 2 slices Serrano ham, ripped into small pieces | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Heat grill. Place clams on the grates of the grill, close the cover and cook until the clams have opened. Place a piece of Serrano ham into each of the clams and drizzle with olive oil. Serve immediately. <END>
INPUT: russet potatoes, butter, steamed broccoli, scallion, sour cream
OUTPUT: TITLE: Broccoli Stuffed Baked Potatoes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 large russet potatoes, washed and baked until tender; 2 tablespoons butter; 1 cup steamed broccoli, coarsely; 1 scallion, finely chopped; 1/2 cup sour cream; Paprika; 1 cup shredded cheddar cheese; Salt; pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Slice off tops of baked potatoes ( do not slice in half but keep the potato whole except for the slice off the top). Carefully scoop out insides of potato and place in bowl. If necessary, heat potato in microwave. Mash the potato with the butter until smooth. Add the scallion, sour cream, and 2 cup cheddar cheese. Season with salt and pepper. Carefully fold in broccoli. Stuff filling back into potatoes. Top with remaining cheese and sprinkle with paprika <END>
INPUT: roesti, Yukon gold potatoes, onions, vegetable oil, unsalted butter, Kosher salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Potato Roesti | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound Yukon gold potatoes, chilled and shredded; 1/4 pound onions, shredded; 4 teaspoons vegetable oil; 4 tablespoons unsalted butter; Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine potatoes and onions in a tea towel. Squeeze as much liquid as possible from the mixture. In a large mixing bowl, combine this mixture with the oil and divide into four equal parts. In a 10-inch non-stick saute pan melt 1/2 a tablespoon of butter. Season one part of potato mixture with salt and pepper and spread into a thin layer in the pan. Brown for 5 to 7 minutes. Invert the roesti onto pan lid and remove pan from heat. Add additional 1/2 tablespoon of butter to the preheated pan. Slide roesti into pan raw side down and brown for an additional 5 to 7 minutes. Remove to a rack and hol <END>
INPUT: biscuits, brown, all purpose flour, double acting baking, unsalted butter, sharp Cheddar, milk
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cheddar Biscuits with Fried Eggs, Ham, and Brown Butter | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup all-purpose flour; 1/2 teaspoon double-acting baking powder; 1 tablespoon cold unsalted butter, cut into bits; 2/3 cup grated sharp Cheddar; 2 tablespoons milk; 1 tablespoon unsalted butter; 2 large eggs; 2 slices of imported ham; sliced scallion for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Make the biscuits: Into a bowl sift together the flour, the baking powder, and a pinch of salt, add the butter, and blend the mixture until it resembles coarse meal. Stir in the Cheddar and add the milk, stirring, to form a soft sticky dough. On a floured surface pat the dough out into a 6-inch square and cut out 4 rounds with a 2 3/4-inch round cutter dipped in flour. Put 2 of the rounds on top of the remaining 2 rounds, press them together gently, and bake the biscuits on a buttered baking sheet in the middle of a preheated 425°F. oven for 15 minutes, or until they are pale golden (Makes 2 l <END>
INPUT: chive, Panko bread crumbs, eggs, Kosher salt pepper, grapeseed oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Seared Cod with Chive Butter Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 (6-ounce) cod fillets; Panko bread crumbs; 2 eggs, for egg wash; Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper; 4 tablespoons grapeseed oil; 1/2 lemon, juiced; 1 tablespoon butter; 1 sprig fresh thyme; Butter Sauce, recipe follows; 2 cups white wine (recommended: Chardonnay); 2 sprigs fresh thyme; 1 shallot, sliced; 2 clove garlic, smashed; 2 tablespoons heavy cream; 1/2 lemon, juiced | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. Place the fillets on a sheet tray or rack so the fish can release its natural juices. Place the bread crumbs into a shallow dish. In a separate shallow dish add 2 beaten eggs. Season both sides of the fillet with salt and pepper. Once seasoned, brush the belly side of the cod with the egg. Dip the egg side into the bread crumbs. In a cast iron skillet add grapeseed oil. Before placing fish into pan, make sure the skillet is very hot. Sear only 1 side of the fish (the side with the bread crumbs). Once 1 side is seared, place the skil <END>
INPUT: spiced, summer, plain yogurt, saffron, honey, cardamom seeds, almonds
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spiced Yogurt with Summer Berries | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups plain yogurt (3.8-percent fat); 1 teaspoon saffron; 2 tablespoons honey; 1 teaspoon cardamom seeds, crushed in mortar and pestle; Toasted sliced almonds, for garnish; Fresh berries, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Line a large sieve with cheesecloth, pour in the yogurt and fold over the edges so it is completely covered. Place the sieve over a bowl and put into the fridge for 12 hours. Put the saffron into a small bowl and add about 2 tablespoons boiling water. Let steep for 5 minutes, and then strain it, reserving the saffron. Put the drained yogurt into a bowl, add the steeped saffron, honey and cardamom, and stir well to combine. Pour into individual serving bowls and refrigerate until ready to serve. Sprinkle with toasted almonds and berries just prior to serving. <END>
INPUT: bark, cookies, vegetable oil, all purpose flour, salt, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate Peppermint Bark Cookies | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Nonstick vegetable oil spray; 2 cups all purpose flour; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 1 cup (2 sticks) unsalted butter, room temperature; 1 cup sugar; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; 1 large egg yolk; 6 ounces bittersweet or semisweet chocolate, chopped; 1/2 cup finely chopped red-and-whitestriped hard peppermint candies or candy canes (about 3 ounces); 2 ounces high-quality white chocolate (such as Lindt or Perugina) | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350°F. Spray 13 x 9 x 2-inch metal baking pan with nonstick spray. Line bottom of pan with long strip of 9-inch-wide parchment paper, leaving overhang on both short sides of pan. Whisk flour and salt in medium bowl. Using electric mixer, beat butter in large bowl until creamy, about 2 minutes. Gradually beat in sugar. Continue beating until mixture is light and fluffy, stopping occasionally to scrape down sides of bowl, about 3 minutes. Beat in vanilla, then egg yolk. Gradually add flour mixture, beating on low speed just to blend. Drop dough by tablespoonfuls into prepared bak <END>
INPUT: wellington, fillet beef tied, mushrooms, unsalted butter, pâté de foie, puff paste puff
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fillet of Beef Wellington | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: a 3 1/2-pound fillet of beef tied with thin sheets of larding fat at room temperature; 3/4 pound mushrooms, chopped fine; 2 1/2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1/2 pound pâté de foie gras (available at specialty foods shops) at room temperature; 1 pound puff paste or thawed frozen puff pastry plus additional for garnish if desired; N/A frozen puff pastry; 1 large egg white beaten; an egg wash made by beating 1 large egg yolk with 1 teaspoon of water; 1/2 cup Sercial Madeira; 2 teaspoons arrowroot dissolved in 1 teaspoon cold water; 1 teaspoon water; 1/2 cup beef broth; 2 tablespoons finely chopped black truffles (available at specialty food shops) if desired; watercress for garnish if desired | INSTRUCTIONS: In a roasting pan roast the beef in the middle of a preheated 400°F oven for 25 to 30 minutes, or until the thermometer registers 120°F. Let the fillet cool completely and discard the larding fat and the strings. Skim the fat from the pan juices and reserve the pan juices. In a heavy skillet cook the mushrooms in the butter over moderately low heat, stirring, until all the liquid they give off is evaporated and the mixture is dry, season them with salt and pepper, and let them cool completely. Spread the fillet evenly with the pâté de foie gras, covering the top and sides, and spread the mushr <END>
INPUT: rings, canola oil, paprika, all purpose flour
OUTPUT: TITLE: Onion Rings | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 cups canola oil; 1 (8-ounce) beer (recommended: Heineken); 1 (2-ounce) shot of vodka (the cheaper the better); 2 tablespoons plus 1 teaspoon paprika; 1 cup all-purpose flour, plus a little extra, if needed; 3 large white onions, peeled and cut into 1-inch thick rounds; Kosher salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. In a large pot, heat the oil to 375 degrees F. Pour the beer into a medium bowl and stir in the vodka. Slowly whisk in 1 teaspoon paprika and 1 cup flour. The batter should be fairly thick (to coat the onion rings before frying) but also easy to stir. Set aside in a warm place. Gather the onion rings in a medium bowl and use a small strainer to sprinkle it with remaining 2 tablespoons paprika. Toss to blend. Prepare a baking sheet fitted with a kitchen towel to drain the onion rings as they come out of the oil. Stir the batter slightly. To test the consistency of <END>
INPUT: Mexican, chilaquiles, tomatillos, jalapenos half, Spanish onion, garlic, leaves epazote
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chilaquiles with Roasted Tomatillos | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 15 tomatillos; 4 jalapenos cut in half; 1 Spanish onion; 4 cloves of garlic; 2 leaves epazote; 1/2 cup cilantro, chopped; 4 cups chicken broth; 1/4 cup olive oil; 15 corn tortillas; 1 cup vegetable oil; 1 cup cheddar cheese, shredded; 1 cup asadero-style cheese, shredded; 6 eggs; Salt and pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: In a preheated 400 degree oven, roast the tomatillos and the jalapenos together until the skins on the tomatillos blister. Place the tomatillos and the jalapenos in a food processor and blend. In a saute pan, heat the olive oil and add the onions, cook on low heat, approximately 10 to 12 minutes, until caramelized. Add garlic and cook for an additional minute. Add the onions and garlic to the tomatillos mixture and the epazote, cilantro and chicken broth. Blend to combine. In a separate saucepan, heat the vegetable oil to 325 degrees. Use a high temperate thermometer for accurate temperature.  <END>
INPUT: vichy, carrots, unsalted butter, water, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Carrots Vichy | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound carrots; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1/4 cup water; 1 teaspoon sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: Diagonally cut carrots into 1/8-inch-thick slices. In a heavy saucepan combine butter, carrots, water, and sugar and cook, covered, over low heat, stirring occasionally, until tender, about 15 minutes. Diagonally cut carrots into 1/8-inch-thick slices. In a heavy saucepan combine butter, carrots, water, and sugar and cook, covered, over low heat, stirring occasionally, until tender, about 15 minutes. <END>
INPUT: Italian, scaloppine, sauce, olive oil, pork tenderloin, Coarse salt pepper, shallot, cognac
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pork Scaloppine with Tomato Basil Sauce | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons olive oil; 1 pork tenderloin, about 10 to 14 ounces, cut into 4 pieces, crosswise; Coarse salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 shallot, minced; 1 tablespoon cognac; 1/4 cup Homemade Chicken Stock, recipe follows or canned low-sodium chicken broth, skimmed of fat; 1 tablespoon grainy mustard; 3 tablespoons heavy cream; 2 tablespoons finely chopped plum tomato; 1 tablespoon finely chopped basil; 2 heads radicchio, quartered; 1 teaspoon balsamic vinegar; 1 teaspoon whole black peppercorns; 6 sprigs fresh dill or 2 teaspoons dried dill; 6 sprigs fresh flat-leaf parsley | INSTRUCTIONS: Pound pork pieces between 2 pieces of plastic wrap to 1/4-inch thick with a rolling pin. Heat 1 tablespoon olive oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat until just smoking. Season pork on both sides with salt and pepper. Add meat to pan, and cook until browned. (There will be a release of juices on the surface of the meat after it has been turned.) Transfer meat to a platter, and keep warm. Pour off any excess fat from skillet, and discard. Meanwhile, heat a grill pan over medium-high heat. Return skillet to heat, add the shallot, and cook for about 1 minute. Remove skillet from heat, and <END>
INPUT: Asian, reduced sodium soy, garlic, Asian sesame oil, flanken style short
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Short Ribs with Miso | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup reduced-sodium soy sauce; 1/2 cup (packed) dark brown sugar; 4 garlic cloves, minced; 1 tablespoon Asian sesame oil; 12 bone-in 1/3- to 1/2-inch-thick flanken-style short ribs; Butter lettuce leaves; Red miso; Sticky Rice | INSTRUCTIONS: Whisk soy sauce, sugar, garlic, and oil in 15x10x2-inch glass baking dish. DO AHEAD Can be made 2 hours ahead. Let stand at room temperature. Add ribs to marinade; turn to coat. Let marinate 30 minutes at room temperature, turning occasionally. Prepare barbecue (medium-high heat). Brush grill with oil. Grill ribs until cooked through, 2 to 3 minutes per side. Remove meat from bones and wrap in lettuce leaves with small amount of miso and Sticky Rice. Whisk soy sauce, sugar, garlic, and oil in 15x10x2-inch glass baking dish. DO AHEAD Can be made 2 hours ahead. Let stand at room temperature. Add <END>
INPUT: egg yolks
OUTPUT: TITLE: Baked Figs with Honey and Whiskey Ice-Cream | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 100 ml (3 1/2 fluid ounces) whiskey; 140 ml (1/4 pint) full-fat milk; 285 ml (1/2 pint) double cream; 6 medium egg yolks; 55 g (2 ounces) clear honey; Baked Figs | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. Heat a heavy-bottomed saucepan. Add 75 ml (2 3/4 fl oz) of the whisky and flame to burn off the alcohol. Once the flames have died down, stir in the milk and cream. While this is coming to a boil, whisk the egg yolks and honey together with a standing or handheld mixer until they have doubled in size and become fluffy. 2. Take the milk and cream off the heat and pour half onto the egg yolks. Whisk until combined, then put to one side. 3. Put the remainder of the milk and cream back onto the heat and, when it is boiling, add the egg mixture, turn down the heat and whisk constantly for approx <END>
INPUT: currants, orange juice, Marsala, sugar, cinnamon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Ice Cream with Marsala and Currants | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup dried currants; 1/4 cup orange juice; 1/4 cup Marsala; 2 tablespoons sugar; 1/2 cinnamon stick; 1/2 teaspoon grated orange peel; Vanilla ice cream; Amaretti or other cookies, crumbled | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine first 6 ingredients in heavy small saucepan. Boil until syrupy, stirring frequently, about 10 minutes. Cool slightly. Discard cinnamon. Scoop ice cream into bowls. Spoon warm currant mixture over ice cream. Sprinkle with cookies and serve. Combine first 6 ingredients in heavy small saucepan. Boil until syrupy, stirring frequently, about 10 minutes. Cool slightly. Discard cinnamon. Scoop ice cream into bowls. Spoon warm currant mixture over ice cream. Sprinkle with cookies and serve. <END>
INPUT: thin, all purpose flour, baking powder, kosher salt, water, virgin olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Thin & Crispy Pizza | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups all-purpose flour, plus more for dusting; 3/4 teaspoon baking powder; 3/4 teaspoon kosher salt; 3/4 cup water; 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, plus more for brushing; 2/3 cup pizza sauce; 1 1/2 cups shredded low-moisture mozzarella cheese (about 6 ounces) | INSTRUCTIONS: Make the dough: Put a pizza stone or inverted baking sheet on the lowest oven rack and preheat to 450 degrees F. Combine the flour, baking powder and salt in a large bowl. Add the water and olive oil and mix to make a shaggy, sticky dough. Turn out onto a lightly floured surface and knead into a smooth and elastic ball, 2 to 3 minutes. Divide the dough in half and shape each half into a flat disk. Wrap each disk in plastic wrap and let rest in a warm place, 15 minutes. Brush two large sheets of parchment paper with olive oil. Place a ball of dough between the parchment, oiled-sides in; use a r <END>
INPUT: American, graham cracker crumbs, apple juice, butter, pumpkin, egg yolk
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pumpkin Pie | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cups graham cracker crumbs; 2 tbsp apple juice; 2 tbsp butter, melted; 2 cups canned pumpkin; 1 egg yolk; 2 large egg whites; 1/3 cup orange juice; 1/3 cup honey; 1 tsp cinnamon; 1/2 tsp ground ginger; 1/4 tsp allspice | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat oven to 350°F. Lightly coat a 9" pie plate or tin with vegetable spray. In a medium bowl, mix together crumbs, juice and butter until moistened. Press mixture evenly into bottom and sides of pie plate. Bake 15 minutes, until golden. Cool. Place filling ingredients in a food processor (or use an electric mixer) and pulse a few times until just blended and smooth. Pour filling into cooled pie shell. Bake 1 hour or until a knife inserted in the middle comes out clean. Serve warm, with or without a dollop of whipped cream. Heat oven to 350°F. Lightly coat a 9" pie plate or tin with vegetable  <END>
INPUT: salad, virgin olive oil, quinoa, Kosher salt, turkey cutlets, tarragon parsley
OUTPUT: TITLE: Turkey and Quinoa Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1 1/2 cups quinoa, rinsed; Kosher salt; 1 pound turkey cutlets; 3 tablespoons chopped fresh tarragon and/or parsley; Freshly ground pepper; 1/2 small red onion, halved and sliced; 1 1/2 pounds assorted heirloom tomatoes, chopped; 1 Cubanelle chile pepper or other Italian frying pepper, seeded and chopped; 4 Persian cucumbers, chopped; 2 tablespoons sherry vinegar | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat 1/2 tablespoon olive oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Add the quinoa and cook, stirring, until lightly toasted, about 4 minutes. Add 4 cups water and 1/4 teaspoon salt and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat to medium and simmer until the water is absorbed and the quinoa is tender, about 15 minutes. Toss the turkey with half of the herbs, 1/4 teaspoon salt, and pepper to taste; set aside. Soak the onion slices in cold water, 10 minutes. Toss the tomatoes, chile, cucumbers, vinegar, 1 1/2 tablespoons olive oil, the remaining herbs, 1/4 teaspoon salt, and pepper to taste in a larg <END>
INPUT: sling, orange vodka, Danish cherry liqueur, ginger liqueur, lime juice, pineapple juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Orange Sling | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 ounces orange vodka (recommended: Grey Goose); 1/2-ounce Danish cherry liqueur (recommended: Cherry Heering); 1/4 cup ginger liqueur (recommended: Canton); 1/2-ounce freshly squeezed lime juice; 2 ounces pineapple juice; 1 dash bitters; 1/4-ounce grenadine; Orange twists, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. In a cocktail shaker add all of the ingredients, except the grenadine. Add ice and shake, then pour into glasses filled with ice. Top each with a splash of grenadine and garnish with an orange twist. <END>
INPUT: napoleon, beets, rice wine vinegar, granulated sugar, virgin olive oil, Herbed Goat Cheese
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Beet Napoleon | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 pounds large yellow or red beets, washed and trimmed; 1/2 cup rice wine vinegar; 1/2 cup granulated sugar; 1 tablespoon extra virgin olive oil; 1/2 recipe Herbed Goat Cheese, recipe follows, cut into 8 round slices; 1 to 1 1/2 cups mixed baby lettuces, washed and dried; 1/4 cup Spago House Dressing, recipe follows; 1/4 cup Citrus Hazelnut Vinaigrette, recipe follows; 1 ounce toasted hazelnuts, recipe follows, coarsely chopped; 2 teaspoons chopped fresh flat-leaf parsley leaves; 2 teaspoons chopped fresh chives; 1 teaspoon chopped fresh thyme leaves; 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 1 ( 7 or 8-ounce) log goat cheese; 2 large shallots, minced (1 heaping tablespoon) | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Place the beets in a small roasting pan and pour in enough cold water to reach about 1/4 of the way up the sides of the beets. Cover the pan with foil, and roast the beets until they are tender, 2 hours to 2 hours and 15 minutes. To check for doneness, gently insert a bamboo skewer into a beet. The skewer should slide through easily. Remove the beets from the pan, allow to cool, and then peel. Cut each beet into 1/4-inch-thick round slices. Cut each slice with a 3-inch round cookie cutter. (You will need 10 rounds). Cut trimmings into 1/4-inch dice and reserv <END>
INPUT: turnips, beet, garlic, vinegar, kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pickled Turnips | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound turnips, peeled, quartered and sliced 1/4 inch thick; 1 small red beet, peeled and quartered; 1 clove garlic, thinly sliced; 1/2 cup white vinegar; 2 tablespoons kosher salt; 1 teaspoon sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: a wide-mouth, heatproof 1-quart jar Put the turnips, beet and garlic into a wide-mouth, heatproof 1-quart jar. In a small saucepan, bring the vinegar, salt, sugar and 1 1/2 cups of water to a boil. When the salt and sugar are fully dissolved, pour the brine over the vegetables to fill the jar. Leave to cool. When completely cool, cover the jar and chill for 1 week. <END>
INPUT: glaze, pomegranate juice, sugar, olive oil, pheasant breasts, Salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pheasant Breasts with Pomegranate Glaze | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups pomegranate juice (recommended: POM); 1/4 cup sugar; 2 to 4 tablespoons olive oil; 4 pheasant breasts (removed from bone with skin and wing attached); Salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Glaze: Add the pomegranate juice and sugar to a stainless pan. Simmer over low heat until reduced by half or until the mixture becomes a semi-thick syrup. Set aside. Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Pat the pheasant breasts dry with paper towels and season them well with salt and pepper, to taste. Put the breasts, skin side down, into the pan and cook until crispy, about 4 to 6 minutes. Put breasts on a sheet pan and roast until cooked through about for 8 to10 minutes. Reheat the glaze. Arrange the pheasants on a serving platter and drizzle with the glaze. Serve with rice or mashed potato, i <END>
INPUT: cake, all purpose flour, English walnut, baking soda, kosher salt, unsalted butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Black Walnut Cake | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups all-purpose flour; 1/2 cup black or English walnut pieces; 1 1/4 teaspoons baking soda; 1 teaspoon kosher salt; 2 sticks unsalted butter, at room temperature; 1 1/2 cups sugar; 2 large eggs; 1 teaspoon vanilla; 1 1/3 cups buttermilk | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350°F, with a rack in the middle. Butter and flour a 9-inch-square cake pan. Whisk together the flour, walnuts, baking soda, and salt in a medium bowl. Beat together the butter and sugar with an electric mixer until pale and fluffy, about 4 minutes. Add the eggs one at a time, beating well after each addition, then beat in the vanilla. Add the flour mixture and the buttermilk alternately in batches, beginning and ending with the flour mixture and mixing until just combined. Pour the batter into the cake pan and smooth the top. Bake until a wooden toothpick inserted in the c <END>
INPUT: Asian, long grain rice, water, peanut vegetable oil, scallions
OUTPUT: TITLE: Ginger Pineapple Fried Rice | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 2 1/2 cups long-grain white rice; 3 1/3 cups water; 1/4 cup peanut or vegetable oil; 3 tablespoons finely grated (with a rasp) peeled fresh ginger; 5 scallions (white and pale green parts separated from greens), finely chopped; 1 1/2 teaspoons kosher salt; 3/4 cup diced (1/4 inch) cored peeled fresh pineapple (labeled "extra sweet"); 1 teaspoon Asian sesame oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Rinse rice in several changes of cold water in a large bowl until water runs clear. Drain in a colander. Transfer rice to a 4-quart heavy saucepan, then add water (3 1/3 cups) and bring to a boil. Reduce heat to low and cook, covered, until steam holes appear on surface and water is absorbed, about 13 minutes. Remove from heat and let stand, tightly covered and undisturbed, 5 minutes. Fluff rice with a fork and spread in a large shallow baking pan to cool quickly, about 45 minutes. Chill, covered with plastic wrap, at least 4 hours. Heat a wok or 12-inch heavy skillet over moderate heat until  <END>
INPUT: glogg, currant juice, sugar, cardamom seeds
OUTPUT: TITLE: Red Wine Glogg | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 cups black-currant juice; 1 cup sugar; 10 whole cloves; 2 (3-inch) cinnamon sticks; 1 teaspoon cardamom seeds, slightly crushed; 1-inch cube crushed ginger; 2 bottles dry red wine (750 ml each); 1/2 cup sugar cubes; 1/4 to 1/3 cup Aquavit | INSTRUCTIONS: In a small saucepan, combine black-currant juice, sugar, cloves, cinnamon, cardamom, and ginger. Bring to a boil. Cover, and remove from heat. Let stand until mixture reaches room temperature, then store in refrigerator for up to 3 days. Just before serving, pour wine into a medium nonreactive saucepan. Strain spiced syrup through a sieve into the wine. Heat to just below simmering, 150 degrees to 170 degrees. To flame glogg, place sugar cubes in the bowl of a large metal ladle, and fill with Aquavit. Let stand for 1 to 2 minutes. Hold a flame to the Aquavit, and pour saturated sugar cubes ont <END>
INPUT: French, sandwiches, paper Genoa salami, croissants, eggs, milk, whipped cream cheese
OUTPUT: TITLE: Croissant Egg Sandwiches | CUISINE: French | INGREDIENTS: 16 paper-thin slices Genoa salami (4 inches in diameter; 1/4 lb); 4 croissants, halved horizontally; 8 large eggs; 3/4 cup whole milk; 1/4 cup whipped cream cheese; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/4 teaspoon black pepper; 1 tablespoon olive oil; 4 cups baby arugula (about 2 oz); Special equipment: parchment paper | INSTRUCTIONS: Put oven rack in middle position and preheat oven to 325°F. Arrange salami slices in 1 layer on a large baking sheet lined with parchment paper. Bake until edges are crisp and beginning to curl, 10 to 12 minutes. Transfer salami to a rack to cool, arranging it in 1 layer. (Slices will crisp as they cool.) Leave oven on and discard parchment paper. Arrange croissants, cut sides up, on same baking sheet and toast in oven until just golden, 3 to 5 minutes. While croissants toast, whisk together eggs, milk, cream cheese, salt, and pepper until eggs are combined well (cream cheese won't blend into  <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, cake, cornmeal, all purpose flour, baking powder, kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Olive Oil Honey Cake | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: Nonstick cooking spray; 3/4 cup yellow cornmeal; 3/4 cup all-purpose flour; 1 1/2 teaspoons baking powder; 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt; 2 teaspoons lemon zest; 4 large eggs; 1/2 cup granulated sugar; 1/4 cup light brown sugar; 1 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 1/2 cup honey; 1/4 cup sour cream; Honey Lemon Syrup, recipe follows; Fresh berries (blackberries and raspberries), for serving, optional; Whipped cream, for serving, optional | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F and adjust the rack to the center of the oven. Spray a 9-inch cake pan generously with nonstick spray. Combine the cornmeal, flour, baking powder, salt and lemon zest together in a bowl and whisk until blended. Add the eggs and both sugars to the bowl of a standing mixer and beat until smooth, 3 to 4 minutes. Add the oil, honey and sour cream into the egg mixture and beat until combined, 1 to 2 minutes. Add the dry ingredients in increments until blended. Pour the batter into the prepared pan and bake until a toothpick inserted i <END>
INPUT: American, herbed, salad, beets, Dijon mustard, wine vinegar, tarragon, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Herbed Goat Cheese, Roasted Beet, and Watercress Salad | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 4 medium beets, scrubbed and trimmed, leaving about 1-inch of stems attached; 1 1/4 teaspoons Dijon mustard; 2 tablespoons white wine vinegar; 1/4 teaspoon dried tarragon, crumbled; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 1/4 cup plus 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 3/4 cup fresh bread crumbs; 1/2 teaspoon dried tarragon, crumbled; 3/4 teaspoon salt; 1/8 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 8 ounces Montrachet or other soft goat cheese, cut into eight 1/2-inch rounds and chilled, covered; 2 bunches watercress, coarse stems discarded, rinsed and spun dry (about 8 cups); 1 small red onion, sliced thinly | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. Wrap beets tightly in foil and roast in middle of oven 1 to 1 1/2 hours, or until tender. Unwrap beets carefully and cool until they can be handled. Discard stems and peel beets. Beets may be prepared up to this point 1 day ahead and chilled, covered. Cut each beet into 8 wedges and cover. To make vinaigrette: In a blender, blend together mustard, vinegar, tarragon, salt, and pepper. With motor running add oil in a stream and blend until emulsified. Vinaigrette may be made 1 day ahead and chilled, covered. Make herbed goat cheese: In a bowl, stir together bread c <END>
INPUT: chowder, bottled clam juice, skinned potatoes, carrots, celery, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Salmon Chowder with Dill | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 cups bottled clam juice or low-sodium chicken broth; 1 pound red-skinned potatoes, diced; 2 carrots, thinly sliced; 2 stalks celery, thinly sliced; 1/2 white onion, diced; 2 cloves garlic, minced; 12 sprigs dill, plus chopped leaves for topping; 12 sprigs parsley; 6 sprigs thyme; 2 bay leaves; 1 wide strip lemon zest; 1 pound salmon fillet (preferably wild), skin removed, cut into 4 pieces; Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper; 1/2 cup heavy cream; Chopped fresh chives, for topping | INSTRUCTIONS: Put the clam juice in a medium microwave-safe bowl and microwave until very hot, about 5 minutes. Meanwhile, scatter the potatoes, carrots, celery, onion and garlic in a 6-quart slow cooker. Tie the dill, parsley, thyme, bay leaves and lemon zest together with twine and add to the slow cooker. Pour in the hot clam juice; cover and cook on high, 3 1/2 hours. Season the salmon with 1 1/2 teaspoons salt and 1/2 teaspoon pepper. Stir the heavy cream into the vegetables in the slow cooker, then partially submerge the salmon in the liquid. Cover and cook 30 more minutes. Discard the herb bundle; sea <END>
INPUT: Mexican, lime juice, orange marmalade, garlic, coriander, olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Coriander Lime Shrimp | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup fresh lime juice; 1/4 cup orange marmalade; 3 large garlic cloves, minced and mashed to a paste with 1 teaspoon salt; 1/2 cup fresh coriander sprigs, washed well, spun dry, and chopped fine; 4 tablespoons olive oil; 1 tablespoon soy sauce; 1/2 teaspoon dried hot red pepper flakes; 1 pound large (21 to 24 per pound) shrimp, shelled, leaving tail and first shell section intact, and if desired deveined; Garnish: fresh coriander sprigs | INSTRUCTIONS: In a measuring cup whisk together lime juice, marmalade, garlic paste, coriander, 3 tablespoons oil, soy sauce, red pepper flakes, and salt and pepper to taste and reserve 1/3 cup mixture in a small bowl or ramekin for dipping. In a large sealable plastic bag combine shrimp with remaining mixture and marinate, chilled, tossing occasionally to coat shrimp, 45 minutes. Drain shrimp and lightly pat dry between paper towels. In a large non-stick skillet pat 1 1/2 teaspoons oil over moderately high heat until hot but not smoking and sauté half of shrimp until golden brown and cooked through, about  <END>
INPUT: lemony, creamed, celery, unsalted butter, celery seeds, all purpose flour, milk
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lemony Creamed Brussels Sprouts and Celery | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 ribs of celery, cut diagonally into 1/3-inch slices; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1/4 teaspoon celery seeds; 3 tablespoons all-purpose flour; 1 cup milk; 1 teaspoon freshly grated lemon zest; 2 teaspoons fresh lemon juice; 1 1/2 pounds Brussels sprouts, trimmed, blanched for 12 minutes in boiling salted water, or until they are tender, and drained, or two 10-ounce packag | INSTRUCTIONS: In a heavy saucepan cook the celery in the butter over moderately low heat, stirring, for 3 minutes, or until it begins to soften. Stir in the celery seeds and the flour and cook the mixture, stirring, for 3 minutes. Add the milk in a stream, whisking, and salt and pepper to taste and simmer the sauce, stirring, until it is smooth and thickened. Stir in the zest, the lemon juice, and the Brussels sprouts and simmer the mixture, stirring occasionally, until the Brussels sprouts are heated through. Transfer the creamed Brussels sprouts to a heated serving dish. In a heavy saucepan cook the celer <END>
INPUT: skillet, pancakes, peaches, light sugar, all purpose flour, granulated sugar, baking powder Kosher
OUTPUT: TITLE: Skillet Pancakes with Canadian Bacon and Peaches | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 peaches, cut into wedges; 1/2 cup packed light brown sugar; 1 3/4 cups all-purpose flour; 3 tablespoons granulated sugar; 2 1/4 teaspoons baking powder Kosher salt; 3 large eggs; 1 1/4 cups milk; 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted; 1/2 cup large-curd cottage cheese, plus more for topping; 6 ounces Canadian bacon, diced | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Toss the peaches with the brown sugar in a medium bowl; set aside. Combine the flour, granulated sugar, baking powder and 1/2 teaspoon salt in a large bowl. Whisk the eggs and milk in a separate bowl, then gradually whisk into the flour mixture until just combined. Whisk in 4 tablespoons melted butter, then fold in the cottage cheese with a rubber spatula. Heat 1 tablespoon butter in a 10-inch ovenproof nonstick skillet over medium heat until bubbling. Add the batter and cook until it starts setting around the edge, about 2 minutes. Transfer the skillet to th <END>
INPUT: frozen, cocktail, ice, pony, superfine granulated sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Frozen Cranberry, Cherry and Orange Cocktail | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup cracked ice; 1 pony (1 ounce) cranberry liqueur; 1 pony (1 ounce) Cherry Heering; 1 pony (1 ounce) Grand Marnier; 1 tablespoon superfine granulated sugar, or to taste; Garnish: twist of orange | INSTRUCTIONS: In a blender, blend cracked ice, cranberry liqueur, Cherry Heering, Grand Marnier and, if desired, sugar for 30 seconds. Pour into a chilled 12-ounce glass. Garnish with the twist of orange. In a blender, blend cracked ice, cranberry liqueur, Cherry Heering, Grand Marnier and, if desired, sugar for 30 seconds. Pour into a chilled 12-ounce glass. Garnish with the twist of orange. <END>
INPUT: Kosher salt pepper, beef short, all purpose flour, bacon, olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Braised Short Ribs | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 8 beef short ribs; 1/4 cup all-purpose flour; 6 thin slices bacon, diced; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 3 carrots, diced; 2 shallots, finely minced; 1 medium onion, diced; Splash of red wine; 4 cups beef broth (enough to almost cover the ribs); 2 sprigs fresh thyme; 2 sprigs fresh rosemary; Cheese Grits, recipe follows, or regular grits, for serving; 2 cups stone-ground grits; 1/2 teaspoon salt, plus more if needed | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Salt and pepper the ribs, then dredge them in the flour. Set aside. In a large Dutch oven, cook the bacon over medium heat until completely crispy and all the fat is rendered. Remove the bacon and set aside. Drain off any excess fat. Add the olive oil to the pan with the bacon fat and raise the heat to high. Brown the ribs on all sides, about 45 seconds per side. Remove the ribs and set aside. Lower the heat to medium. Add the carrots, shallots and onions to the pan and cook for 2 minutes. Splash in the wine and scrape the botto <END>
INPUT: Mexican, soup, bell pepper, onion, garlic, tomatoes juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Creamy Corn Soup with Red Bell Pepper | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons (1/4 stick) butter; 1 large red bell pepper, chopped; 1 medium onion, chopped; 3 garlic cloves, minced; 1 14 1/2-ounce can diced tomatoes in juice; 2 cups (or more) water; 2 tablespoons chopped canned chipotle chilies*; 2 14 3/4-ounce cans cream-style corn; 1 16-ounce package frozen corn; 1 cup whipping cream; 1 teaspoon dried oregano; Chopped fresh cilantro (optional) | INSTRUCTIONS: Melt butter in heavy large pot over medium-high heat. Add bell pepper, onion and garlic; sauté until onion is tender, about 5 minutes. Add tomatoes with juices to pot; cook 2 minutes. Combine 2 cups water and chipotle chilies in blender and puree. Mix puree and cream-style corn into vegetables in pot. Bring soup to boil. Reduce heat to medium and simmer 15 minutes, stirring occasionally. Add frozen corn, cream and oregano; simmer 5 minutes. Garnish with cilantro, if desired. Melt butter in heavy large pot over medium-high heat. Add bell pepper, onion and garlic; sauté until onion is tender, ab <END>
INPUT: muffins, pecans, sugar, cinnamon, all purpose flour
OUTPUT: TITLE: Apple Muffins | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Nonstick cooking spray; 1/4 cup chopped pecans; 3/4 cup plus 2 tablespoons packed brown sugar; 1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1 cup all-purpose flour; 1 cup whole wheat pastry flour; 1 teaspoon baking soda; 1/2 teaspoon fine salt; 1/4 cup canola oil; 2 large eggs; 1 cup natural applesauce; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; 3/4 cup low fat buttermilk; 1 Golden Delicious apple, peeled, cored and cut into 1/4-inch pieces | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Coat a 12-capacity standard muffin pan with cooking spray. In a small bowl, mix together the pecans, 2 tablespoons of the brown sugar and the cinnamon. In a medium bowl, whisk together the all-purpose and whole wheat flour, baking soda and salt. In a large bowl, whisk the remaining 3/4 cup sugar and the oil until combined. Add the eggs, one at a time, whisking well after each addition. Whisk in the applesauce and vanilla. Whisk in the flour mixture in two batches, alternating with the buttermilk. Whisk just until combined. Gentl <END>
INPUT: treats, butter margarine, miniature marshmallows, KELLOGG'S® JUMBO MULTI
OUTPUT: TITLE: Jumbo Treats TM | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons butter or margarine; 1 package (10 oz., about 40) regular marshmallows; OR -; 4 cups miniature marshmallows; 7 cups KELLOGG'S® JUMBO MULTI-GRAIN KRISPIES™ cereal | INSTRUCTIONS: In large saucepan melt butter over low heat. Add marshmallows and stir until completely melted. Remove from heat. Add KELLOGG'S® JUMBO MULTI-GRAIN KRISPIES™ cereal. Stir until well coated. Using buttered spatula or wax paper evenly press mixture into 13 x 9 x 2-inch pan coated with cooking spray. Cool. Cut into 2-inch squares. Best if served the same day. MICROWAVE DIRECTIONS: In microwave-safe bowl heat butter and marshmallows on HIGH for 3 minutes, stirring after 2 minutes. Stir until smooth. Follow steps 2 and 3 above. Microwave cooking times may vary. <END>
INPUT: Asian, sushi, balsamic vinegar, Chinese vinegar, Asian pears, lime, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Prosciutto and Asian Pear 'Sushi' | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup balsamic vinegar; 1/4 cup Chinese vinegar; 2 Asian pears, peeled and julienned; 1 lime, juiced; Fresh cracked black pepper; 8 thin slices of Prosciutto di Parma; 1/4 cup chive batons for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: In a non-reactive saucepan, combine vinegars and simmer. Reduce by 60 to 70 percent until a syrupy consistency is achieved. Keep in mind that the syrup will thicken as it cools. In a bowl, mix julienned pears with lime juice and season with pepper. Using a sushi mat lay out one or two slices of prosciutto. Lay the pear pieces across the bottom of the prosciutto. Roll very tightly. PLATING Drizzle some vinegar syrup on a plate in a zigzag pattern. Slice rolls like sushi and garnish with chives and cracked peppercorns. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, samosas, all purpose flour, salt, vegetable oil, water
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken and Spinach Samosas | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups all-purpose flour; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 6 tablespoons vegetable oil; 6 tablespoons warm water; 1/4 cup vegetable oil; 2 teaspoons ground cumin; 1 teaspoon ground red chili powder; 1/2 teaspoon cinnamon; 4 tablespoons curry powder; 1 pound ground chicken; 1 small onion, finely chopped; 2 cloves of garlic, minced; 2 teaspoons minced fresh ginger; 1 cup of canned cooked chickpeas, washed and drained; 1 cup frozen spinach | INSTRUCTIONS: Begin by preparing the dough. In a large mixing bowl combine flour, salt and oil and mix with your fingers until it resembles coarse bread crumbs. Add water and mix with both hands until fully combined and mixture holds as a ball. Turn out onto a clean flat surface and knead for 10 minutes until the dough becomes smooth. Flatten into a disc shape and set back in bowl and cover with plastic wrap to rest for 30 minutes while you prepare the filling. Set a large, heavy-based pot over medium-high heat and add vegetable oil. Add spices and stir until just fragrant - this lightly toasts the spices a <END>
INPUT: Mexican, quesadilla, cheddar, Bean Filling, feta, vegetable oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Black Bean Quesadilla | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 4 cups shredded white cheddar; 4 (10-inch) flour tortillas; Black Bean Filling, recipe follows; 1 cup feta; 1/2 cup vegetable oil, for grilling; 4 cups cooked black turtle beans, drained; 2 cups brown rice, cooked; 1 cup corn kernels, cooked; 1/2 cup sun-dried tomatoes, rehydrated in water; 2 tablespoons cumin; 2 tablespoons granulated garlic; 1 teaspoon hot red pepper sauce; Salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Spread 1 cup shredded white cheddar cheese on 1/2 of a flour tortilla. Then spread on top 1 cup of the Black Bean Filling. Then place 1/4 cup feta cheese. Fold over the tortilla. Repeat with remaining ingredients. Grill on an oiled flat grill, on medium high heat, for 4 to 6 minutes or until both sides are golden brown. Cut each quesadilla into 4 triangles and serve. In a large bowl, mix all ingredients. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, enchiladas, EVOO drizzling, Spanish chorizo, garlic, chiles, bay leaf
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken and Chorizo Spanish Enchiladas | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: EVOO for drizzling, plus 2 tablespoons; 12 ounces Spanish chorizo, removed from casings and diced; 4 cloves garlic, chopped; 2 fresh chiles, such as jalapeno or Fresno, seeded and chopped; 1 bay leaf; 1 large Spanish onion, chopped; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 1/2 cups chicken stock; 1 1/2 teaspoons paprika, half a palmful; One 32-ounce can fire roasted tomatoes; One 8-ounce can tomato sauce or 1 cup passata or tomato puree; A pinch ground cinnamon; 1/2 cup chopped large Spanish olives with pimientos; About 2 cups poached chicken, pulled or chopped into bite-size pieces; 2 cups shredded manchego cheese | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Heat a drizzle of EVOO in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Brown the chorizo, remove with a slotted spoon and drain on paper towels. Cool. Drain the grease from the pan, but reserve the drippings at the bottom. To the pan, add 2 tablespoons EVOO, 2 turns of the pan. Add the garlic, chiles, bay leaf, onions and salt and pepper, cook to soften, 6 to 7 minutes. Add the chicken stock, paprika, tomatoes, tomato sauce and cinnamon. Simmer to thicken the sauce, about 15 minutes. Pour about one-third to one-half of the sauce into a large casserole dish. Combine the <END>
INPUT: hearty, hot milk water, almond butter, apple, natural almonds
OUTPUT: TITLE: Hearty Apple Almond Oatmeal | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 (1-ounce) packet instant oatmeal, unsweetened; 1/2 cup hot milk or water; 1 tablespoon almond butter; 1 red apple, cored and roughly chopped; 1/4 cup whole natural almonds; 1/2 teaspoon cinnamon; 2 teaspoons honey | INSTRUCTIONS: Empty oatmeal packet into a small serving bowl. Add hot milk or water and almond butter; stir. Top with chopped apples, almonds, cinnamon and honey.; <END>
INPUT: beans, pancetta, virgin olive oil, sage, Fleur de sel
OUTPUT: TITLE: Green Beans with Sage and Pancetta | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 1/2 pounds green beans, trimmed; 8 ounces thinly sliced pancetta, coarsely chopped; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, divided; 3 tablespoons coarsely chopped fresh sage; Fleur de sel* or other medium-grain sea salt for serving (optional) | INSTRUCTIONS: Line baking sheet with several layers of paper towels. Cook beans in large pot of boiling salted water until crisp-tender, 4 to 6 minutes depending on size of beans. Drain. Spread beans out on paper towels. DO AHEAD: Can be made 2 hours ahead. Let stand at room temperature. Combine pancetta and 1 tablespoon oil in large nonstick skillet. Sauté over medium heat until pancetta is crisp, separating pieces with 2 forks, about 10 minutes. Add sage and stir until fragrant, about 1 minute. Transfer to plate. Heat remaining 1 tablespoon oil in same skillet over medium-high heat. Add beans and sauté un <END>
INPUT: Mexican, ancho chiles, boiling hot water, onion, garlic, chipotle chiles adobo
OUTPUT: TITLE: Short Ribs Braised in Ancho Chile Sauce | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 4 dried ancho chiles, stemmed, seeded, and ribs discarded; 2 cups boiling-hot water; 1 medium onion, quartered; 3 garlic cloves, coarsely chopped; 2 tablespoons finely chopped canned chipotle chiles in adobo plus 2 teaspoons adobo sauce; 2 tablespoons pure maple syrup; 1 tablespoon fresh lime juice; 1 tablespoon salt; 6 lb beef short ribs or flanken; 1 teaspoon black pepper; 1 tablespoon vegetable oil; 1/2 cup brewed coffee | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350°F. Soak ancho chiles in boiling-hot water until softened, about 20 minutes, then drain in a colander set over a bowl. Taste soaking liquid: It will be a little bitter, but if unpleasantly so, discard it; otherwise, reserve for braising. Transfer ancho chiles to a blender and purée with onion, garlic, chipotles with sauce, maple syrup, lime juice, and 1 teaspoon salt. Pat ribs dry and sprinkle with pepper and remaining 2 teaspoons salt. Heat oil in a 12-inch heavy skillet over moderately high heat until hot but not smoking, then brown ribs in 3 batches, turning occasionally, <END>
INPUT: martini, Ice, vodka, orange liqueur, orange juice, lime juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Orange Sherbet Martini | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Ice; 1 cup vodka; 1-ounce orange liqueur (recommended; Grand Marnier); 1/4 cup orange juice; Splash lime juice; 2 teaspoons orange sherbet; 4 orange slices, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: In a cocktail shaker filled with ice, add the vodka, orange liqueur, orange juice and lime juice. Cover and shake vigorously. Put a teaspoon-sized scoop of orange sherbet into each chilled martini glass. Strain the vodka mixture into the martini glasses. Garnish each glass with 2 orange slices and serve. <END>
INPUT: pudding, unsalted rice, milk, well stirred unsweetened, sugar, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Coconut Rice Pudding | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cups cold unsalted cooked rice; 3 cups whole milk; 1/2 cup well-stirred canned unsweetened coconut milk; 1/3 cup sugar; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 1/2 teaspoon vanilla; Garnish: sweetened flaked coconut, toasted | INSTRUCTIONS: Simmer rice, milk, coconut milk, sugar, and salt, uncovered, in a 2 1/2- to 3-quart heavy saucepan over moderate heat, stirring frequently, until thickened, about 40 minutes. Stir in vanilla. Serve warm. Simmer rice, milk, coconut milk, sugar, and salt, uncovered, in a 2 1/2- to 3-quart heavy saucepan over moderate heat, stirring frequently, until thickened, about 40 minutes. Stir in vanilla. Serve warm. <END>
INPUT: butter, purple new potatoes, garlic, Salt pepper, heavy cream
OUTPUT: TITLE: Baked Purple Mash | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons butter, divided; 3 pounds purple new potatoes, halved; 3 cloves garlic, smashed; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 3/4 cup heavy cream, warmed; 1 cup plus 2 tablespoons shredded pepper jack cheese; 1/2 cup shredded Parmesan, divided; 1/4 cup panko breadcrumbs | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Coat the bottom and sides of an 8 by 8-inch baking dish with 1 tablespoon butter. Set aside. In a large pot, add enough water to fill 3/4 of the way, and then add the potatoes, garlic and a hefty pinch of salt. Bring to a boil and cook until a fork is easily inserted, but the potatoes still hold their form, about 20 minutes. Strain in a colander and place back over the empty pot, allowing the remaining heat to evaporate some of the moisture from the potatoes and garlic, just a few minutes. Mash the contents of the pot well, and then add the remaining 2 tables <END>
INPUT: triple, cookies, all purpose flour, unsweetened cocoa powder, baking soda, fine salt, butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Triple Chocolate Chunk Cookies | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 1/4 cups all-purpose flour; 1/4 cup unsweetened cocoa powder; 1 1/4 teaspoons baking soda; 1 teaspoon fine salt; 1 1/2 cups butter, melted, cooled (12 oz.); 3/4 cups dark brown sugar; 1 cup sugar; 3 large eggs; 2 tablespoons chocolate syrup; 2 teaspoons vanilla extract; 1 1/2 cups semi-sweet chocolate chunks (7 oz.); 2/3 cup semi-sweet chocolate chips (about 4 1/2 oz.); 2/3 cup white chocolate chips (about 4 oz.) | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Combine the flour, cocoa powder, baking soda and salt in a large bowl. Mix the butter and sugars until combined. Add eggs, syrup and vanilla and beat to combine. Stir in the dry ingredients in batches until combined. Using a wooden spoon, stir the chocolate chunks and chips into the dough until well dispersed. Chill 30 minutes or overnight. Drop by rounded tablespoons (1 1/2-inch balls) onto parchment-lined sheet trays about 3 inches apart. Bake until lightly browned, 16 to 18 minutes. Cool on tray 3 minutes. Transfer to cooling racks and cool as long as you  <END>
INPUT: corn, pot water, butter, Salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Corn on the Cob | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 ears corn; 1 pot water; 1 stick butter; Salt, to taste | INSTRUCTIONS: Boil water. Do not shuck corn. Add corn to the water and cook for 10 minutes. Strain water. Shuck corn. Serve with butter and salt, to taste. <END>
INPUT: stew, olive oil, Italian sausages, onion, bay leaves, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Polenta with Sausage Stew | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup olive oil; 8 Italian sausages (about 2 1/2 pounds); 1 large red onion, skin removed, cut in 1/2 and cut into slices; 3 bay leaves; 2 cloves garlic, skins removed, and roughly chopped; 1/2 cup dry white wine; 2 cups crushed tomatoes in tomato puree; Coarse salt; Freshly ground pepper; Polenta, recipe follows; 1 teaspoon coarse salt; 1 cup yellow cornmeal | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat a large skillet over medium heat. Add 1 tablespoon of the olive oil. Add the sausages and cook, piercing the sausages with a fork to release the fat. Cook until golden brown, about 8 to 10 minutes. Carefully drain off the excess fat. Add to the cooked sausages the remaining olive oil, onion, and bay leaves. Cook over medium heat until the onions are soft and translucent, 3 to 5 minutes. Add the garlic and cook until fragrant, 30 to 45 seconds. Add the white wine and continue cooking until reduced, about 2 more minutes. Add the tomatoes, cover, and cook, stirring often, until thick, about  <END>
INPUT: strudel, water, pastry flour, clarified butter, bread crumbs, cinnamon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Apple Strudel | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/4 cups water; 1 pound pastry flour; 1/4 cup clarified butter; 2 cups fresh bread crumbs; 1 teaspoon cinnamon; 3 pounds Granny Smith apples, peeled and thinly sliced, tossed with lemon juice; 5/8 cup sugar; 6 ounces raisins; 1 egg white; 1 egg yolk, mixed with 1 tablespoon melted butter | INSTRUCTIONS: For strudel dough: Combine water and flour. Mix thoroughly to form slightly damp dough. Knead on a floured surface, cover with a bowl, and let rest for 1 hour. Heat butter in pan and stir in bread crumbs to coat. Cook until slightly colored. Stir in cinnamon and remove from heat. Toss apples with sugar. Preheat oven to 375 degrees F. Cover table with 4-foot cloth and lightly flour. Place chilled dough on cloth; do not knead. Starting from center, gently pull out dough until it is paper thin, about 2 feet square. Trim edges to a clean square. Scatter crumbs over pastry, sprinkle with raisins an <END>
INPUT: sauce, young asparagus spears, unsalted butter, teaspooon garlic, chanterelle mushrooms, vermouth
OUTPUT: TITLE: Veal Scaloppine with Asparagus and Chanterelle Cream Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 24 young asparagus spears; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, plus 1 tablespoon for sauteeing rolls; 1 teaspooon minced garlic; 2 cups chanterelle mushrooms; 1/4 cup white vermouth; 2 cups heavy cream; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 6 (4-ounce) pieces veal scaloppine (recommended: Provimi veal); 2 tablespoons all-purpose flour; 12 slices provolone; 1 tablespoon unsalted butter; 1 tablespoon olive oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. In a medium pot of boiling salted water blanch the asparagus for 1 minute. Plunge the hot asparagus in ice water to stop the cooking and to preserve the green color. Heat a medium skillet over medium-high heat add the unsalted butter and garlic and cook until fragrant, but not brown. Add the mushrooms and saute until golden brown. Turn the heat to high and add the vermouth. Add the cream and cook until reduced by 1/2, about 5 minutes. Season with salt and pepper. Keep chanterelle sauce warm. Cut the veal scaloppine in 1/2 and season generously with salt and p <END>
INPUT: American, sandwich, cookies, blanched hazelnuts, all purpose flour, cornstarch, baking powder, baking soda
OUTPUT: TITLE: Dulce de Leche Sandwich Cookies | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup blanched hazelnuts; 1 cup all-purpose flour, plus more for dusting; 3/4 cup cornstarch; 1 teaspoon baking powder; 1/2 teaspoon baking soda; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 1 stick unsalted butter, at room temperature; 1/3 cup granulated sugar; 2 large egg yolks; 2 tablespoons hazelnut liqueur; 1/2 teaspoon pure vanilla extract; 3/4 cup dulce de leche; Confectioners' sugar, for dusting | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Finely grind the hazelnuts in a food processor. Spread on a baking sheet; bake until golden, 12 minutes. Whisk the flour, cornstarch, 1/3 cup of the ground hazelnuts, the baking powder, baking soda and salt in a bowl; set aside. Beat the butter and granulated sugar in a large bowl with a mixer on medium-high speed until light and fluffy, about 3 minutes. Add the egg yolks, liqueur and vanilla; beat until incorporated. Reduce the mixer speed to low; add the flour mixture and beat until just combined. Turn onto a sheet of plastic wrap; shape into a disk. Wrap a <END>
INPUT: muffins, bacon, scallion, cornmeal, all purpose flour, double acting baking
OUTPUT: TITLE: Bacon and Scallion Corn Muffins | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 pound sliced lean bacon; 1/3 cup thinly sliced scallion; 1 cup yellow cornmeal; 2/3 cup all-purpose flour; 1 teaspoon double-acting baking powder; 1 teaspoon baking soda; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 2 large eggs; 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted and cooled; 1 1/2 cups sour cream; 1/4 cup milk | INSTRUCTIONS: In a heavy skillet cook the bacon over moderate heat until it is crisp, transfer it to paper towels to drain, and crumble it. Pour off all but 1 tablespoon of the fat from the skillet and in the fat remaining in the skillet cook the onion over moderately low heat, stirring, until it is softened. Into a bowl sift together the cornmeal, flour, baking powder, baking soda, and salt. In another bowl whisk together the eggs, butter, sour cream, and milk, stir in bacon, onion, and cornmeal mixture, and beat the batter well. Divide the batter among 12 well-buttered 1/3-cup muffin tins and bake the muf <END>
INPUT: French, quiche, puff pastry, ham, Swiss cheese, mushrooms, eggs
OUTPUT: TITLE: Ham and Swiss Puff-Pastry Quiche | CUISINE: French | INGREDIENTS: 2 sheets frozen puff pastry (one 17.3-ounce package), thawed; 1 cup diced ham; 2 cups coarsely grated Swiss cheese; 2 cups sliced mushrooms; 2 large eggs; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh rosemary; 1/2 teaspoon ground black pepper; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/4 teaspoon ground nutmeg; 1 cup sour cream | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 400°F. Unfold 1 pastry sheet on each of 2 baking sheets. Top with ham, cheese, and mushrooms, leaving 1/2-inch plain border. Whisk eggs, rosemary, pepper, salt, and nutmeg in bowl. Whisk in sour cream. Spoon egg mixture over toppings on each pastry. Bake until pastries are puffed and golden and toppings are set, about 25 minutes. Preheat oven to 400°F. Unfold 1 pastry sheet on each of 2 baking sheets. Top with ham, cheese, and mushrooms, leaving 1/2-inch plain border. Whisk eggs, rosemary, pepper, salt, and nutmeg in bowl. Whisk in sour cream. Spoon egg mixture over toppings on <END>
INPUT: wet cured, light sugar, coarse grain mustard, allspice, mustard
OUTPUT: TITLE: Glazed Ham | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 wet cured, smoked ham, about 5 to 7 1/2 pounds; 1 cup light brown sugar; 2 tablespoons coarse grain mustard; 1 teaspoon ground allspice; Prepared mustard; Prepared horseradish | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Place ham on a rack over a roasting pan and roast for 10 minutes per pound. When there is approximately 1/2 hour more to cook remove ham from oven and cut off the skin (if it has not already been removed by the butcher) exposing the fat and score the fat in a diamond pattern. In a small saucepan mix together the brown sugar, mustard and allspice and heat until the sugar melts. Spread the sugar mixture over the ham. Place ham back in the oven and roast for the final 30 minutes. Allow to rest for about 10 minutes before carving. Serve with mustard and horseradish. <END>
INPUT: Italian, salad, crisps, unsalted butter, grain mustard, phyllo dough, blanched garlic, shallots
OUTPUT: TITLE: Crab Salad with Mustard Phyllo Crisps and a Tomato Basil Vinaigrette | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons whole unsalted butter; 1 teaspoon grain mustard; 2 sheets phyllo dough; 1 clove blanched garlic; 2 shallots, minced; 3 leaves freah basil; 1 Roma tomato, peeled and seeded; 10 ounces rice vinegar; 2 ounces extra virgin olive oil; Salt and pepper, to taste; 1 1/2 pounds fresh lump crab meat; 1 papaya, cut in small dice | INSTRUCTIONS: Melt butter with grain mustard and set aside. Lay phyllo out in sheets, brush first sheet with butter, place second sheet on top and repeat process. Cut into 12 even size squares and place on baking sheet and bake in a preheated oven at 400 degrees until golden brown and set aside. In a food processor puree garlic, shallots, basil, and tomato, add rice vinegar and puree until smooth. Emulsify by slowly adding in the olive oil. Taste for seasoning and set aside. Combine crab, papaya and dressing being careful not to overwork the crab. Using 2 phyllo squares to an order, layer crab and phyllo to <END>
INPUT: croquettes, mayonnaise, capers, seafood seasoning, garlic, lemon juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Crispy Salmon Croquettes with Remoulade Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/4 cups mayonnaise; 1 tablespoon capers; 1 teaspoon seafood seasoning (recommended: Old Bay); 1/2 teaspoon crushed garlic; 2 1/2 teaspoons lemon juice; 1 scallion, finely chopped; 2 pre-cooked salmon fillets, about 1/2 pound; 1 egg, lightly beaten; 3/4 cup fish fry coating mix, plus more for coating (recommended: Kraft); 6 dashes hot sauce; 1/4 cup remoulade sauce, recipe above; Canola oil, for frying | INSTRUCTIONS: For Remoulade: Combine all the remoulade ingredients, except scallions in a bowl and stir together with a fork to help break up the capers. Mix in scallion and set aside. For Croquettes: Using a fork flake the salmon meat away from the skin. Discard skin. In a medium bowl, beat egg. To the egg, add the fish fry mix, salmon, hot sauce, and 1/4 cup of remoulade sauce. Mix well to combine. Form into 8 patties. Pour the remaining fish fry mix into a pie dish or onto a dish. Coat the patties in the remaining fish fry mix and set aside. In a large skillet, heat a thin layer of oil over medium to med <END>
INPUT: roast, Kosher salt pepper, unsalted butter, onion, celery
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roast Duck with Apples and Prunes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 (5-pound) duck; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1 yellow onion, chopped; 2 celery stalks, chopped; 1/2 teaspoon celery seed; 1 cup pitted prunes, halved; 3 Golden Delicious apples, peeled, cored and cut in wedges; 8 fresh sage leaves; 1 pint dried rye bread cubes, crusts off; 1/2 lemon, juiced; 1/2 cup heavy cream; 2 tablespoons all-purpose flour; 1 cup fruity red wine, such as Pinot Noir; 2 cups chicken stock | INSTRUCTIONS: Duck is a notoriously fatty bird. To diminish the fat and produce a crispy skin, begin by trimming the excess fat from the body. Rinse the duck thoroughly, inside and out, and pat dry with paper towels. Season the bird inside and out with a generous amount of salt and pepper. To prepare the stuffing: Melt the butter in a large skillet over medium heat. Add the onion, celery, celery seed, prunes, apples, and 4 sage leaves; season with salt and pepper; saute for 10 minutes until soft. Add the bread cubes and toss the mixture together to combine. Put the stuffing in a large mixing bowl and moiste <END>
INPUT: Asian, tart, cubes pink grapefruit, sugar, pink grapefruit juice, star anise, all purpose flour
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pink Grapefruit Tart with Edamame Ice Cream and Black Sesame Seeds | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups 1/4-inch cubes pink grapefruit rind (peel and white pith; from 2 pink grapefruits); 2/3 cup sugar; 1/2 cup fresh pink grapefruit juice; 1 whole star anise*; 2/3 cup all purpose flour; 1/4 cup powdered sugar; Pinch of salt; 1/4 cup (1/2 stick) chilled unsalted butter, cut into 1/2-inch cubes; 2 tablespoons chilled whipping cream; 2 large pink grapefruits; Edamame Ice Cream; Chopped celery leaves or micro celery; Black sesame seeds | INSTRUCTIONS: For pink grapefruit marmalade: Cook rind in heavy medium saucepan of boiling water 1 minute; drain. Bring more water to boil in same pan; add rind, boil 1 minute, and drain. Repeat 3 more times (for total of 5 times). Combine blanched rind, sugar, grapefruit juice, and star anise in same medium saucepan. Stir over medium heat until sugar dissolves. Reduce heat to medium-low and simmer until mixture is almost dry, stirring occasionally, about 18 minutes. Discard star anise. Transfer mixture to mini processor and puree until smooth. Transfer marmalade to small bowl. DO AHEAD: Can be made 2 weeks <END>
INPUT: martini, Hennessy, lemon juice, Lemon peel
OUTPUT: TITLE: Hennessy Martini | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 ounces Hennessy; 1/2 teaspoon lemon juice; Lemon peel | INSTRUCTIONS: In a cocktail shaker combine Hennessey and lemon juice, stir, strain into martini glass and garnish with lemon peel.; <END>
INPUT: Italian, guru, cilantro leaves, virgin olive oil, lime juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Guru's Cilantro Lime Pesto Pasta | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup fresh cilantro leaves (do not include stems); 2 1/2 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil; 2 tablespoons sliced, toasted almonds; 3 tablespoons chopped, fresh garlic; 1 1/2 teaspoon lime juice; 1/2 cup shredded asiago, plus 1/2 cup shredded; 1 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/4 cup chicken broth; 8 cups linguini pasta, cooked al dente; 2 cups cooked, cubed chicken; 4 cups pesto sauce; 1 cup sun-dried tomato, sliced julienned | INSTRUCTIONS: Using a blender, mix together the cilantro, olive oil, almonds, garlic, lime juice, 1/2 cup asiago, salt and chicken broth on low speed for 2 minutes. Set aside. In large saucepan combine pasta, cooked chicken and sauce. Heat over medium heat for 2 minutes. Pour into serving bowls. Top with remaining asiago and sun-dried tomatoes. <END>
INPUT: iced, cake, unsalted butter, loose leaf Thai, eggs, vanilla
OUTPUT: TITLE: Thai Iced Tea Cake | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 stick unsalted butter; 1/2 cup loose-leaf Thai tea (cha-yen); 2 eggs; 1 tablespoon vanilla; 1 (6-ounce) can sweetened condensed milk, divided in half; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 2 cups flour; 1 teaspoon baking powder; 1/2 cup powdered sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. Preheat oven to 350°F. Use butter wrapper to grease an 8-inch loaf pan, 8-inch square cake pan, or 8-inch round cake pan. 2. Brew tea with 3/4 cup boiling water, covered, for 10 minutes. Strain tea leaves and discard. In a mixing bowl, combine butter and freshly brewed tea until butter is completely melted. Whisk vanilla, half of the sweetened condensed milk, and the eggs. Mixture should be bright orange and very creamy. Gently stir in salt, flour, and baking powder. Pour into prepared pan and bake for 35-45 minutes or until a toothpick inserted into the center comes out clean. Allow cake t <END>
INPUT: Asian, caribbean, mustard based BBQ, soy sauce, Salt pepper, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Caribbean Jerk Chicken Wings | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups store bought mustard-based BBQ sauce (recommended: Cattleman's Gold Sauce); 2 tablespoons soy sauce; 1 (6-ounce) can crushed pineapple; Salt and pepper; 1/3 cup brown sugar; 1 teaspoon ground ginger; Store bought jerk seasoning; 18 chicken wings | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat grill to medium-high. Prepare sauce by combining all ingredients together in a saucepan over medium heat. Cook until heated through. Rub jerk seasoning into chicken wings. Grill for 10 to 12 minutes or until cooked through. Brush generously with sauce and serve. <END>
INPUT: carpaccio, mushrooms, lemon juice, Pecorino Toscano Parmigiano, virgin olive oil, celery leaves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mushroom Carpaccio with Pecorino Toscano | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 pound large white mushrooms; 1 1/2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 1/2 pound Pecorino Toscano or Parmigiano-Reggiano; 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1/4 cup celery leaves; Equipment: an adjustable-blade slicer; Accompaniment: sea salt such as Maldon | INSTRUCTIONS: Slice mushrooms lengthwise as thinly as possible with slicer. Spread mushrooms out on a large platter and drizzle with lemon juice. Using a vegetable peeler, shave some of Pecorino Toscano over top. Drizzle with oil and sprinkle with celery leaves. Slice mushrooms lengthwise as thinly as possible with slicer. Spread mushrooms out on a large platter and drizzle with lemon juice. Using a vegetable peeler, shave some of Pecorino Toscano over top. Drizzle with oil and sprinkle with celery leaves. What to drink: Fontaleoni Vernaccia di San Gimignano '07 Fontaleoni Vernaccia di San Gimignano '07 <END>
INPUT: Mexican, pilaf, zucchini, garlic, flat leaf parsley, cilantro, rinsed chickpeas
OUTPUT: TITLE: Zucchini Köfte with Beet-Bulgur Pilaf | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound zucchini (3 medium); 2 garlic cloves; 1/2 cup packed flat-leaf parsley leaves; 1/2 cup packed cilantro sprigs; 1 cup rinsed and drained canned chickpeas; 3/4 teaspoon ground cumin; 1/2 teaspoon ground coriander; 1/2 cup plain fine dry bread crumbs; About 4 cups vegetable oil for frying; 1 medium onion, chopped; 2 garlic cloves, finely chopped; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 2 1/4 cups bulgur; 1 pound medium beets with greens, beets peeled and diced (1/4 inch), stems discarded, and greens coarsely chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: Make köfte: Coarsely grate zucchini in a food processor fitted with the medium shredding disk. Toss with 1 teaspoon salt in a colander. Let stand 10 minutes. Pulse garlic, parsley, and cilantro in food processor until finely chopped. Wrap zucchini in a kitchen towel (not terry cloth) and twist to wring out as much liquid as possible. Coarsely grate zucchini in a food processor fitted with the medium shredding disk. Toss with 1 teaspoon salt in a colander. Let stand 10 minutes. Pulse garlic, parsley, and cilantro in food processor until finely chopped. Wrap zucchini in a kitchen towel (not terr <END>
INPUT: Mexican, chicharrones, tacos, mayonnaise, garlic, scallion, chipotles adobo, lime
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicharrones Fish Tacos with Chipotle Tartar Sauce | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 cup mayonnaise; 2 garlic cloves, finely chopped; 1 scallion, white and light green parts only, sliced; 1 to 2 chipotles in adobo, seeds removed and finely chopped; 1/2 lime, juiced; Salt; 2 pounds skinless Pacific cod (or other firm, flaky white fish), cut into 1-inch chunks; 4 garlic cloves; 1 teaspoon coarse salt, plus additional for seasoning; 2 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce; Freshly ground black pepper; 1 cup all-purpose flour; Vegetable oil, for frying; Salt; 8 (8-inch) flour tortillas | INSTRUCTIONS: To prepare the tartar sauce: Combine the mayonnaise, garlic, scallion, chipotle, and lime juice in a small bowl and mix well. Add salt, to taste. Cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate until ready to use. Keep covered in the refrigerator up to 1 week.; To prepare the tacos: Put the fish in a large bowl. Place the garlic cloves on a cutting board. Slice the cloves in half lengthwise and then smash with the side of a chef's knife. Sprinkle 1 teaspoon of salt over the garlic and chop and smear the garlic against the cutting board until it makes a paste. Add the garlic paste to the bowl of fish.  <END>
INPUT: cookies, chunky peanut butter, light sugar, egg, all purpose flour
OUTPUT: TITLE: Peanut Butter Cookies | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 stick (1/2 cup) unsalted butter, softened; 1 1/2 cups chunky peanut butter (not "all-natural"); 1 cup packed light brown sugar; 1 large egg; 1 3/4 cups all-purpose flour; 1 teaspoon baking powder; 1/2 teaspoon salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350°F. Beat together butter, peanut butter, and sugar with an electric mixer until pale and fluffy, 2 to 3 minutes. Beat in egg, then remaining ingredients until a dough forms. Arrange level tablespoons of dough 1 1/2 inches apart on 2 buttered baking sheets, then flatten in a crosshatch pattern to a 2 1/2-inch round with fork tines. Bake in middle of oven until slightly puffed, 12 to 15 minutes. Cool on sheets 1 minute, then transfer cookies to a rack. Preheat oven to 350°F. Beat together butter, peanut butter, and sugar with an electric mixer until pale and fluffy, 2 to 3 min <END>
INPUT: Italian, lasagna, arugula, Canola oil, olive oil, Chinese eggplants, onion, carrot
OUTPUT: TITLE: Eggplant Lasagna with Marinated Red Pepper and Arugula Salad | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: Canola oil, for frying; 1/2 cup olive oil; 2 Chinese eggplants, peeled and diced; 3/4 cup diced white onion; 1/2 cup diced carrot; 1/4 cup sliced garlic; 2 Fresno peppers, sliced; 12 fresh basil leaves; 1 ounce guanciale, chopped; 2 teaspoons chopped fresh Italian parsley; Three 28-ounce cans plum tomatoes; 2 teaspoons sugar; 1 teaspoon kosher salt; 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 1 tablespoon unsalted butter | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: a deep fryer and an immersion blender For the marinara: Preheat the canola oil in a deep fryer to 350 degrees F. Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Heat the olive oil in a large heavy-bottomed saucepan over medium heat. Add the eggplant and fry until tender, 3 to 4 minutes. Add the onion and carrot, reduce the heat and cook until the vegetables are soft, 5 to 10 minutes. Add the garlic, Fresno peppers, basil, guanciale and parsley and cook until golden brown, 2 to 3 minutes. Add the tomatoes with their juices, sugar, salt and pepper and cook for an additional 10 minutes. Tas <END>
INPUT: American, sugar cookie dough, cream cheese, whipping cream, confectioners' sugar, apricots
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cookie and Raspberry Filling | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 package sugar cookie dough; 1 cup cream cheese; 1 pint whipping cream; 1/4 cup confectioners' sugar; 1 can apricots; 1 can raspberry filling; 1 small pack slivered almonds, toasted | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Roll the cookie dough into small balls and bake for 15 to 20 minutes. In a medium bowl, whip the cream cheese with the whipping cream and sugar. Let the cookies cool and begin piping the cream and the cookies together to form a dome shape. Once shaped, spread the remaining cream all over to completely cover the cookies. Top with the apricots, spoon the raspberry filling around the plate, and sprinkle the almonds over the top. <END>
INPUT: Italian, chicken broth, boxes, thyme leaves, Salt pepper, Parmesan
OUTPUT: TITLE: Butternut Squash with Thyme and Parmesan | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup chicken broth; 2 boxes, 10 ounces each, frozen cooked butternut squash puree; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh thyme leaves; Salt and pepper; 1/2 cup Parmesan | INSTRUCTIONS: In a medium pot, bring chicken stock to a simmer over medium heat. Add frozen cooked squash and cook together until squash is warmed through and loose. Stir in thyme, salt and pepper and cheese and cook over low heat to combine flavors, serve. <END>
INPUT: Italian, pesto, root, slivered almonds, serrano chiles, Juice lime, garlic, ginger
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Pork Loin with Almond Pesto 5 Spice Root Vegetable Pot Pie | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/4 cups toasted slivered or whole almonds (save 1/4 cup for garnish); 3 serrano chiles; Juice of one lime; 6 cloves of garlic; 1 tablespoon minced ginger; 2 cups picked Thai basil leaves; 1 cup picked mint leaves; 3/4 cup peanut oil; 3 to 4 pound pork loin, cut into at least 4 (2-inch) pieces, pounded flat; Salt and black pepper to taste; Canola oil to cook; 1/4 cup sliced green scallions for garnish; 1 tablespoon butter; 1 cup diced red onions; 1 tablespoon 5 spice powder | INSTRUCTIONS: In a food processor, place almonds, chilies, lime juice, garlic and ginger and mix well. Add the basil and mint leaves. Slowly drizzle in the oil to achieve a thick puree. Check for seasoning. Season the pork and spread the pesto on each pork escalope. Save a little pesto for garnishing. Roll the pork escalopes and tie each one with string. In a hot saute pan coated with oil, sear the pork roulades on all sides. Place pork in a 350 degree oven for about 20 minutes. An internal temperature of 155 to 160 degrees is ideal. I love my pork pink. Let loin rest for at least 5 minutes before slicing.  <END>
INPUT: slow, cooked, tomato paste, Worcestershire sauce, pepper flakes, hot paprika, picnic ham
OUTPUT: TITLE: Slow-Cooked Ham and Beans | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons tomato paste; 2 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce; 2 teaspoons red pepper flakes; 1 tablespoon hot paprika; 1 4-to-5-pound bone-in picnic ham; 1 pound dried butter beans or lima beans; 1 bay leaf; 4 sprigs thyme; 1 28-ounce can whole fire-roasted tomatoes; 1 bunch scallions, chopped; 4 cloves garlic, minced | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine the tomato paste, Worcestershire sauce, red pepper flakes and paprika in a 5-to-6-quart slow cooker. Add the ham, beans, bay leaf and thyme. Pour in 4 cups water; cover and cook on low, undisturbed, 8 hours. Pour the tomatoes into a bowl and crush them with your hands. Add the tomatoes and their juices, the scallions and garlic to the slow cooker. Cover and cook 30 more minutes. Remove the ham from the slow cooker and transfer to a cutting board to cool slightly before slicing. Set aside about one-third of the ham and 3 cups of the stewed bean mixture to make Ham Jambalaya. Serve the r <END>
INPUT: baby carrots, fennel bulbs, olive oil, water, fennel seeds
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Fennel and Baby Carrots | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 bunches baby carrots, peeled and trimmed, leaving 1/2 inch of stems intact; 2 medium fennel bulbs, stalks discarded and bulbs cut into 1/2-inch-thick wedges; 3 tablespoons olive oil; 3 tablespoons water; 1 teaspoon fennel seeds; 3/4 teaspoon salt; 1/4 teaspoon black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Put oven racks in upper and lower thirds of oven and preheat oven to 450°F. (If you are making just this dish, you can put oven rack in middle position and roast vegetables on that rack throughout.) Toss carrots and fennel with olive oil, water, fennel seeds, salt, and pepper and arrange in 1 layer in a 17- by 11-inch shallow baking pan. Cover pan with foil and roast vegetables in lower third of oven 10 minutes, then uncover and roast, turning occasionally, 10 minutes more. Switch pan to upper third of oven and roast until vegetables are tender and browned, about 10 minutes more. Put oven rack <END>
INPUT: Italian, peppery, olive oil, bell pepper, garlic, stemmed peperoncini
OUTPUT: TITLE: Peppery Pasta with Feta Cheese | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1 large red bell pepper, diced; 1 large green bell pepper, diced; 6 large garlic cloves, chopped; 1 cup thinly sliced stemmed drained peperoncini (about one 16-ounce jar); 1/2 cup chopped fresh basil or 2 tablespoons dried; 1 28-ounce can Italian plum tomatoes with juices; 1 pound bow-tie pasta, freshly cooked; 8 ounces feta cheese, coarsely crumbled | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat oil in heavy Dutch oven over medium-high heat. Add both bell peppers and garlic. Sauté until peppers begin to soften, about 4 minutes. Mix in peperoncini and basil, then tomatoes. Simmer until sauce reduces slightly, breaking up tomatoes with back of spoon, about 5 minutes. Add pasta and toss until sauce coats pasta. Add feta and toss mixture to blend. Heat oil in heavy Dutch oven over medium-high heat. Add both bell peppers and garlic. Sauté until peppers begin to soften, about 4 minutes. Mix in peperoncini and basil, then tomatoes. Simmer until sauce reduces slightly, breaking up tomato <END>
INPUT: French, quiche, flour, egg, salt, iced water
OUTPUT: TITLE: Leek and Bacon Quiche | CUISINE: French | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/3 cups flour; 1/2 cup (1 stick) cold, unsalted butter, cut into 1/2inch cubes; 1 egg; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 2 to 3 tablespoons iced water; 1/2 pound slab bacon, cut into 1/2inch cubes; 2 leeks, white and light green parts, chopped (about 2 cups); 1/8 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard; 3 eggs; 1 1/2 cups milk; 1/4 pound Gruyere cheese, grated (about 1 1/3 cups) | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large bowl, combine the flour with butter, egg, salt and 1 tablespoon of the water. Mix lightly with your fingertips until pastry forms peasized pieces. You should be able to see chunks of fat, and the pastry should be moist enough to begin to stick together. If the pastry is too dry, add up to 2 more tablespoons of water. Turn the pastry out onto a lightly floured work surface, dust with flour, and knead it until the pastry is smooth, about 3 to 4 times. Transfer to a plastic bag and form pastry into a disk. Refrigerate a minimum of 30 minutes, or as long as 3 days. Cook bacon in a skill <END>
INPUT: Mexican, mascarpone, cake, dark sugar, molasses, cm, all purpose flour
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lime, Ginger and Mascarpone Cake | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 250 grams (8-ounces plus 1 1/2 tablespoons) chopped butter, plus more for pan; 1/2 cup dark brown sugar; 2/3 cup molasses; 10 cm (one 3-inch piece) fresh ginger, grated; 1 cup all-purpose flour; 1 cup self-rising flour; 1/2 teaspoon baking soda; 1 teaspoon ground nutmeg; 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1/2 cup heavy cream; 1/4 cup ricotta; 2 eggs; 2 limes, zest grated; 2 oranges, zest grated; 1 cup sweetened shredded coconut | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 355 degrees F or 180 degrees C. Butter a 9-inch diameter round pan and line with buttered parchment paper. In a small saucepan over medium heat, add the butter, brown sugar, molasses and ginger. Stir until the sugar dissolves. Combine the flours, baking soda, nutmeg and cinnamon in a large bowl. Whisk the cream, ricotta and eggs together in a medium bowl. Add the butter mixture, then stir into dry the ingredients along with the lime zest, orange zest and coconut. Pour into the prepared pan and bake for approximately 45 minutes. Add all the syrup ingredients to a small sauce <END>
INPUT: wine, charoset, ruby port, Mission figs, vegetable oil, Vidalia other sweet, pine nuts
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fig and Port Wine Charoset | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup ruby port; 1 cup black Mission figs, finely chopped; 3 tablespoons vegetable oil; 2 cups finely chopped Vidalia or other sweet onions; 1/3 cup pine nuts, lightly toasted (optional); 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: In small saucepan, combine port and figs. Set over high heat and bring to boil. Reduce heat and simmer, uncovered, until figs are softened and port is slightly reduced, about 15 minutes. Meanwhile, in large heavy-bottomed skillet over moderately high heat, heat oil. Add onions and cook, stirring often, until lightly caramelized, about 20 minutes. Remove from heat and cool slightly. In large bowl, combine fig/port mixture, onions, pine nuts, and pepper. Serve at room temperature. In small saucepan, combine port and figs. Set over high heat and bring to boil. Reduce heat and simmer, uncovered, u <END>
INPUT: cherry, sour cherries, blanched almonds, all purpose flour, double acting baking, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cherry Almond Cake | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound sour cherries (about 3 cups) plus additional for garnish if desired; 1/4 pound blanched whole almonds; 1 cup plus 2 tablespoons all-purpose flour; 1 teaspoon double-acting baking powder; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 1 1/2 sticks (3/4 cup) unsalted butter, softened; 3/4 cup plus 1 tablespoon granulated sugar; 3 large eggs, separated; 1 teaspoon vanilla; 1/4 teaspoon almond extract; confectioners' sugar for dusting the cake | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 375°F. Line the bottom of a buttered 9- by 2-inch round cake pan with a round of wax paper, butter the paper, and dust the pan with flour, knocking out the excess. Working over a bowl pit 1 pound of the cherries, reserving any juice. In a food processor grind fine the almonds with the flour, the baking powder, and the salt. In a bowl with an electric mixer cream the butter with 3/4 cup of the granulated sugar until the mixture is light and fluffy, add the egg yolks, 1 at a time, beating well after each addition, and stir in the flour mixture, the vanilla, the almond extract <END>
INPUT: Asian, pineapple, longgrain rice, vegetable oil, onion, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pineapple Fried Rice | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1 ripe pineapple, for serving rice (optional); 4 cups cooked longgrain rice, such as jasmine, chilled; 3 tablespoons vegetable oil; 1 small onion, finely diced; 5 cloves garlic, chopped; 1 tablespoon grated fresh ginger; 1 cup blanched, sliced Chinese long beans; 1/2 cup seeded, diced tomatoes; 1 cup finely chopped fresh pineapple; 3 tablespoons Thai fish sauce; 1 teaspoon sugar; 3 green onions, thinly sliced diagonally | INSTRUCTIONS: If serving rice in fresh pineapple, halve the pineapple lengthwise, leaving the leafy top intact and cutting through it. Hollow out each half, reserving 1 cup of the fruit for the rice and extra for garnishing. Save remaining pineapple for another use. Make a small slice on the outside of each half to create a flat base to hold the pineapple steady. Set aside. Crumble the cold rice between your fingers to separate the grains, and set aside. Heat 2 tablespoons of the oil in a wok or large skillet, swirling to coat the pan. Add the onion and toss until soft, 3 to 5 minutes. Add the garlic and to <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, carpaccio, citrus, baby beets, golden baby beets, thyme, olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tuna Carpaccio with Roasted Baby Beets and Citrus Pressed Olive Oil | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 4 (3-ounce) pieces sushi grade tuna; 3 red baby beets; 3 golden baby beets; 4 sprigs fresh thyme; 1 tablespoon olive oil; Salt and pepper; 2-ounce micro greens; Agrumato oil; Chopped chives | INSTRUCTIONS: Stretch a sheet of plastic wrap on flat countertop. Sprinkle with olive oil and place on piece of tuna in center of plastic wrap. Cover with same size of plastic wrap. Gently pound tuna with mallet until very thin. Repeat for remaining tuna. Keep cold until serving. Clean green tops from beets, place beets in a roasting pan with oil, thyme, salt and pepper. Add 2 tablespoons of water to prevent burning. Cover tightly with aluminum foil. Place in a preheated 375-degree oven for 45 minutes, until a knife easily penetrates beets. Cool to room temperature and with wet towel, peel skin off beets. C <END>
INPUT: pork belly, salt, Peanut oil, pepper, mayonnaise
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pork Belly Po' Boy | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 pounds pork belly, sliced into 1-inch cubes; 1/2 cup salt, plus more for seasoning; Peanut oil, for frying; Black pepper; 1 cup mayonnaise; 6 tablespoons maple syrup; Six 6-inch French baguettes, halved horizontally and toasted; Louisiana-style hot sauce, for spreading; 2 cups chopped lettuce; 1 cup sliced dill pickles | INSTRUCTIONS: Fully submerge the pork belly in a pot of water, add the salt and bring to a boil. Reduce to a simmer and cook until the pork belly is flaky and tender, 3 to 4 hours. Turn off the heat and drain. Heat peanut oil in a fryer or large pot to 350 degrees F. Gently place handfuls of the rendered pork belly into the fryer until golden crispiness, 5 to 7 minutes. Transfer to a plate or bowl and season with salt and pepper. Mix the mayonnaise and maple syrup in a bowl. Spread a hefty portion onto the bottom baguette halves, followed by a little squirt of the hot sauce. Top with a handful of chopped le <END>
INPUT: Asian, piece ginger, garlic, plum wine Port, rice wine vinegar, peanut oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lobster with Sweet Ginger | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1 piece fresh ginger, approximately 1-inch; 2 cloves garlic, minced; 3/4 cup plum wine or Port; 2 tablespoons rice wine vinegar; 2 tablespoons peanut oil; 1 (2-pound) lobster, split lengthwise; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 4 scallions, cut into 3/8 inch slices; 1 to 2 teaspoons curry powder; 1/4 cup dry white wine; 1/2 teaspoon dried hot chile flakes; 1/2 cup fish stock, recipe follows; 1/2 cup heavy cream; 1 tablespoon Chinese black vinegar or balsamic vinegar; Salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 500 degrees F. Peel the ginger, reserving the peels, and cut it into fine julienne strips. Cut the peels into coarse strips and set aside. In a small saucepan, cook the ginger and garlic with 1/2 cup of the plum wine and the rice wine vinegar until 1 tablespoon of liquid remains. Remove from the heat and reserve. Place a heavy heatproof 12-inch skillet over high heat until it is very hot. Add the oil and heat it almost to the smoking point. Carefully add the lobster halves, meat side down. Cook 3 minutes. Turn the lobster over and add 1 tablespoon of the butter. Continue to <END>
INPUT: American, butter, California chanterelles, Salt pepper, shallots, parsley leaves
OUTPUT: TITLE: California Chanterelles with Goat Cheese Croutons | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 3 ounces butter; 1 pound California chanterelles, cleaned and sliced; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 shallots, finely diced; 1 1/2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley leaves; Goat Cheese Croutons, recipe follows; 3 tablespoons butter; 12 baguette slices, sliced 3/8-inch-thick; 2 ounces grated Parmesan; 1 teaspoon chopped fresh parsley leaves; 1/4 teaspoon chopped fresh rosemary leaves; 1/4 teaspoon chopped fresh thyme leaves; 1 1/2 ounces goat cheese | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large skillet over medium heat, melt the butter. Add the chanterelles and season with salt and pepper. When the chanterelles begin to release moisture, add the shallots and cook until the mushrooms are tender, about 3 to 5 minutes. Be careful not to overcook or they will become tough Transfer the chanterelles to a bowl with a slotted spoon, leaving the juices behind in the pan for drizzling. Stir the parsley into the mushrooms and season with salt and pepper. Place croutons around the serving dish with the goat cheese end of the crouton facing outward. Put chanterelles in the center of th <END>
INPUT: Asian, sour, brussels sprouts, olive oil, Kosher salt, wine vinegar, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sweet-and-Sour Brussels Sprouts | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 2 1/2 pounds brussels sprouts, trimmed, halved lengthwise; 4 tablespoons olive oil, divided; Kosher salt, freshly ground pepper; 1/2 cup red wine vinegar; 3 tablespoons sugar; 1 tablespoon fish sauce; 1 tablespoon white soy sauce or reduced sodium soy sauce; 2 tablespoons unsalted, roasted pumpkin seeds (pepitas); 1 teaspoon finely chopped fresh rosemary; 1 teaspoon Aleppo pepper or 1/2 teaspoons crushed red pepper flakes | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 400°F. Toss brussels sprouts and 3 tablespoons oil on a rimmed baking sheet; season with salt and pepper. Roast, tossing halfway through, until softened and cut sides are brown, 20–25 minutes. Whisk vinegar, sugar, fish sauce, soy sauce, and remaining 1 tablespoon oil in a large bowl. Add brussels sprouts and toss to coat; transfer to a platter. Top with pumpkin seeds and rosemary; sprinkle with Aleppo pepper. DO AHEAD: Vinaigrette can be made 1 day ahead. Cover and chill. Preheat oven to 400°F. Toss brussels sprouts and 3 tablespoons oil on a rimmed baking sheet; season with s <END>
INPUT: salad, mayonnaise, chives, crab boil seasoning, hot pepper sauce, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Artichoke Hearts Stuffed with Crab Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup mayonnaise; 12 fresh chives, tender green and white parts only, chopped; 1/8 teaspoon crab boil seasoning (recommended: Old Bay); Splash hot red pepper sauce; 1/2 red onion, diced small; 2 lemons, juiced; 1 tablespoon whole-grain mustard; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 11/2 pounds colossal crabmeat, picked over for shells; 3 (16-ounce) cans artichoke hearts; 2 teaspoons fresh chopped parsley leaves; 1 avocado, slipped from skin and cut into 1/2-inch pieces for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large bowl mix together a dressing of mayonnaise, chives, crab boil seasoning, hot red pepper sauce, red onions, lemon juice, mustard, salt and pepper. Place crabmeat in another bowl and pour on enough dressing to coat. Toss crabmeat very lightly - try not to break the crabmeat into small pieces. Let sit in refrigerator. Scoop a small indentation in the top of each artichoke heart to serve as the vessel for the salad. Spoon some salad into each artichoke heart, top with a piece of avocado, and sprinkle with some of the chopped parsley. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, paper wrapped graham, unsalted butter, sugar, egg yolks, limes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Key Lime Pie | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 paper-wrapped package graham crackers (1/3 of a 1 pound box) or 1 cup plus 2 1/2 tablespoons graham cracker crumbs; 5 tablespoons melted unsalted butter; 1/3 cup sugar; 3 egg yolks; 2 limes, zest grated (about 1 1/2 teaspoons); 1 (14-ounce) can sweetened condensed milk; 2/3 cup freshly squeezed lime juice (if you get Key limes, use them: otherwise use regular limes); 1 cup heavy or whipping cream, chilled; 3 tablespoons of confectioners' sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: For the graham cracker crust: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Butter a 9-inch pie pan. Break up the graham crackers: place in a food processor and process to crumbs. (If you dont have a food processor, place the crackers in a large plastic bag: seal and then crush the crackers with a rolling pin.) Add the melted butter and sugar and pulse or stir until combined. Press the mixture into the bottom and sides of the pan, forming a neat border around the edge. Bake the crust until set and golden, 8 minutes. Set aside on a wire rack. Leave the oven on. For the filling: Meanwhile, in a electric mi <END>
INPUT: cake, sugar, all purpose flour, baking powder, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Classic White Cake | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 12 tablespoons (1 1/2 sticks) unsalted butter, softened; 1 1/2 cups sugar; 2 cups all purpose flour; 2 teaspoons baking powder; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 6 large egg whites (3/4 cup); 3/4 cup milk; 2 teaspoons vanilla extract | INSTRUCTIONS: Set rack at the middle level in the oven and preheat to 350 degrees. Butter the bottom of two 9-inch round or one 13 by 9 by 2-inch pan. Line bottom with parchment or waxed paper. In a large bowl, beat butter and sugar for about 5 minutes, until light and fluffy. Stir together flour, baking powder and salt. Set aside. Combine egg whites, milk and vanilla extract. Add 1/3 of the flour mixture to the butter mixture then add half the milk mixture. Continue to alternate beginning and ending with flour mixture. Scape the bowl and beater often. Pour the batter into prepared pan(s) and smooth top wit <END>
INPUT: portuguese, stew, kidney beans great, smoked bacon, Spanish chorizo, onion, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Portuguese Sausage and Bean Stew | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound dried kidney beans or great Northern beans, rinsed and picked over or 2 (15- ounce) cans or kidney beans; 8 ounces sliced smoked bacon, optional; 8 ounces Spanish chorizo (cured spicy pork sausage), kielbasa or other spicy sausage, cut into 1/4-inch-thick coins; 1 large yellow onion, roughly chopped; 4 medium garlic cloves, thinly sliced; 1/4 cup tomato paste; 2 medium Yukon gold potatoes, cut into 1/2-inch pieces; 4 cups water; 1 (28-ounce) can diced tomatoes; 2 tablespoons honey; 1 tablespoon sweet paprika; 2 teaspoons kosher salt, plus more for seasoning; 1 medium bay leaf | INSTRUCTIONS: If using dried beans, add the beans to a large bowl, cover by 2 inches with cold water and let soak for at least 8 hours, or overnight. Drain and set aside. If using canned beans, drain and rinse. Add the bacon, if using, to a large, heavy-bottomed pot over medium heat and cook until browned and crisp, about 10 minutes. Remove the bacon and set aside. Discard all but 1 tablespoon of the fat and return the skillet to the stovetop. Add the sausage and cook until browned. With a slotted spoon, remove the sausage to a bowl and reserve. Discard all but 1 tablespoon of the fat from the skillet and r <END>
INPUT: fritters, drizzled, flour, confectioners' sugar, baking powder, sea salt, baking soda
OUTPUT: TITLE: Peanut Butter Banana Fritters Drizzled with Chocolate Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups flour; 2 tablespoons confectioners' sugar; 2 teaspoons baking powder; Pinch sea salt; Small pinch baking soda; 3 ripe bananas, mashed; 1/2 cup smooth organic peanut butter; 2/3 cup milk; 1 egg; Peanut or Canola oil, for deep frying; 1/2 cup dark chocolate chunks; 1/2 cup whipping cream; 1 cup water, for double boiler | INSTRUCTIONS: To make the fritters: Combine the flour, sugar, and baking powder in a bowl and mix. Add the bananas, peanut butter, milk, and egg and whisk until the consistency is such that it can be balled up in a spoon. In a medium sauce pan, heat the peanut oil to 375 degrees F. Using a teaspoon, delicately spoon the peanut-butter-banana batter into the oil, a few balls at a time and deep fry until they fluff up and become crispy and golden brown, about 5 minutes. Strain on wire rack. To make the chocolate sauce: In a pot, bring a cup of water to a simmer. Add a large metal bowl over top of the pot. In t <END>
INPUT: Italian, vietnamese, soup, pineapple, qt water, chicken breast halves, vegetable oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Vietnamese Chicken and Pineapple Soup | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 pineapple (preferably labeled "extra sweet"; about 3 1/2 lb); About 2 qt water; 2 skinless boneless chicken breast halves (3/4 lb total); 1/4 cup vegetable oil; 4 (1-inch) fresh red Thai chiles*, minced, including seeds; 3 tablespoons minced garlic; 1/4 cup plus 2 tablespoons Asian fish sauce; 1/2 lb fresh shiitake mushrooms, stems discarded and caps thinly sliced; 2 large tomatoes, chopped (2 cups); 1 cup fresh mung bean sprouts (2 oz); 1/2 teaspoon black pepper; 1/3 cup coarsely chopped fresh basil; 1/3 cup coarsely chopped fresh mint; 1/3 cup coarsely chopped fresh lemon verbena; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh oregano | INSTRUCTIONS: Cut peel from pineapple in a thin layer and discard, then trim outer layer of pineapple, cutting just deep enough to remove eyes but allowing pineapple to remain intact, and transfer trimmings to a blender. Quarter pineapple lengthwise and cut out core, then coarsely chop core and transfer to blender. Purée with 2 cups water until smooth. Pour through a fine-mesh sieve into a 2-quart glass measure, pressing hard on solids (discard solids), then add enough water to measure 8 cups pineapple broth. Cut remaining pineapple into 1/2-inch pieces and put in a bowl. Place chicken between 2 sheets of p <END>
INPUT: gratin, unsalted butter, flour, milk, chicken broth, sharp cheddar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Asparagus Gratin | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 3 tablespoons flour; 1 1/4 cups milk; 1 cup chicken broth; 1/2 cup grated sharp white cheddar, Swiss or Parmesan cheese; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 pound asparagus, peeled and cooked; 4 hard boiled eggs, thinly sliced; 1/4 cup fresh bread crumbs mixed with 1/4 cup grated cheese (same type you added to the sauce); 1 tablespoon melted butter | INSTRUCTIONS: In a small saucepan heat the butter until frothy. Stir in the flour and cook slowly, stirring constantly, for a minute. Add the milk and broth, whisking vigorously and bring the liquid to a boil. Reduce the heat and simmer the sauce for 3 to 5 minutes. Stir in the cheese, remove the sauce from the heat and whisk it just until the cheese has melted. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Preheat the oven to 425 degrees. Arrange the asparagus in the bottom of a baking dish. Top with sliced eggs and spoon the sauce over the top. Top with bread crumbs mixed with cheese and drizzle melted butter ove <END>
INPUT: Mexican, pancakes, hoisin, water, Chinese vinegar, dark molasses, dark soy sauce, Scallion brushes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Traditional Duck with Pancakes and Hoisin-Lime Sauce | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 gallons water; 1 cup Chinese black vinegar; 1/2 cup dark molasses; 1/2 cup dark soy sauce; Scallion brushes, for garnish; 2 star anise; 2 Long Island ducks; 1/2 cup kosher salt; 1 tablespoon 5-spice powder; 4 oranges, washed and quartered, skin on; 12 scallions, chopped 1-inch lengths (can be the ends); 2 large hand ginger, washed and sliced, 1/4-inch (skin, pieces and all); 1 cup all-purpose flour; 2/3 cup boiling water with a pinch of salt; 1 tablespoon peanut oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: 1 Black & Decker Airstation Wooden skewers 2 duck hooks or string tall stock pot (tall/big enough to submerge a duck completely In a tall stock pot (tall/big enough to submerge a duck completely), mix the water, vinegar, molasses, soy and star anise and bring to a brisk boil. Meanwhile, cut the head and feet off of the duck and make a slit at the base of the neck to insert the air pump. While holding the rear of the duck tightly sealed, turn on the pump to separate the skin from the meat. The air must travel all the way down the legs. Set blown up ducks aside. Mix the salt a <END>
INPUT: virgin olive oil, celery, carrots, onion, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Gnocchetti Sardi with Wild Boar | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup plus 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 6 stalks celery, finely diced; 2 medium carrots, finely diced; 1 medium onion, finely diced; 4 cloves garlic, chopped; 4 bay leaves; 1 pound wild boar leg or lean shoulder meat, finely diced; 8 juniper berries, cracked; 3 cups full-bodied red wine, such as Sardinian Cannonau; One 28-ounce can peeled whole tomatoes, drained and chopped; 1 pound gnocchetti Sardi (see Tips, below); Chopped fresh parsley and basil for garnish; 1 cup (2 ounces) aged pecorino cheese, grated | INSTRUCTIONS: In large heavy pot over high heat, heat oil. Add celery, carrots, onion, garlic, and bay leaves. Cook, stirring occasionally, until golden and caramelized, about 8 minutes. Add wild boar, juniper berries, and wine and stir to combine. Cook until all liquid evaporates, about 20 minutes. Stir in tomatoes and 2 cups water and reduce heat to low. Season with salt and freshly ground pepper. Cover and cook, stirring occasionally, until meat is tender, about 30 minutes. Cook gnocchetti Sardi in large pot boiling salted water until just tender but still firm to bite, about 20 minutes. Drain pasta and  <END>
INPUT: French, summer, vinaigrette, Romano beans, wax beans, soybeans, fava beans, garbanzo beans
OUTPUT: TITLE: Summer Bean Salad with Tarragon Vinaigrette | CUISINE: French | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 pound Romano or green beans, cut into 1-inch lengths, blanched until tender and chilled; 1/2 pound Yellow wax beans, prepared as above for green beans; 1/2 pound fresh soybeans, blanched and chilled; 2 pounds fresh fava beans, shelled and cooked until tender; 1 can garbanzo beans, drained and rinsed; 3 bunches green onion, cleaned and finely minced; 1 large red onion, peeled and finely diced; 4 stalks celery, finely diced; 1 large yellow bell pepper, finely diced; 1/4 cup finely chopped fresh tarragon; 1 bottle dry white wine (Chardonnay, etc.); Stems of 1 bunch tarragon (save leaves for the salad); 3 shallots, peeled and finely minced; 2 lemons, zested and juiced, finely chop the zest and set the juice aside; 2 tablespoons rice vinegar (unseasoned) | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine the first 10 ingredients in a large mixing bowl. Set aside while you make the vinaigrette using the remaining ingredients. Place the wine in a saucepan with the tarragon stems and reduce over medium-high heat to 1-cup liquid. Immediately pour the hot, reduced wine over the chopped shallots and lemon zest in a medium-sized bowl. Let sit together and cool to room temperature (or place in refrigerator to speed up process). Remove the tarragon stems and discard. Whisk in the lemon juice and rice vinegar. Continue whisking, drizzling in the olive oil, tasting as you go. Season with salt and <END>
INPUT: rubbed, etta, fennel seeds, Kosher salt, bacon, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fennel-Rubbed Chick-etta | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 teaspoons fennel seeds; 1 (3 1/2–4-pound) chicken, halved, or 4 pounds chicken legs (thigh and drumstick); Kosher salt, freshly ground pepper; 8 ounces bacon, finely chopped; 2 garlic cloves, finely grated; 1 cup coarsely chopped parsley; 1/4 cup olive oil; 2 teaspoons finely grated lemon zest; 1 teaspoon finely chopped thyme; 1/2 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes; A spice mill or a mortar and pestle | INSTRUCTIONS: Toast fennel seeds in a dry small skillet over medium, tossing occasionally, until fragrant, about 2 minutes. Transfer to a small plate and let cool. Finely grind in spice mill or with mortar and pestle. Pat chicken dry and sprinkle with half of fennel; season generously with salt and pepper; set aside. Preheat oven to 425°F. Cook bacon in a large ovenproof skillet over medium heat, stirring occasionally, until bacon is crisp, 8–10 minutes. Using a slotted spoon, transfer bacon to a medium bowl. Pour off all but 3 Tbsp. bacon fat; reserve for another use. Increase heat to medium-high and caref <END>
INPUT: Mexican, cuban, miami, virgin olive oil, skinned onions, chicken stock, cumin, thyme
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cuban Via Miami Feast: Mashed Plantains with Oh, Baby! Garlic-Tomato Shrimp on Top, Grilled Flank St | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 6 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, divided, plus a little to drizzle; 2 medium yellow skinned onions, 1 finely chopped, divided, 1 thinly sliced; 3 cups chicken stock, divided; 1 tablespoon plus 2 teaspoons ground cumin, divided; 3 tablespoons fresh thyme, 5 or 6 sprigs, chopped; 1 1/2 cups white rice; 1 (14-ounce) can black beans; 2 pounds flank steak; 2 tablespoons grill seasoning blend ( recommended: Montreal Steak Seasoning by McCormick); 1 lime; 3 green plantains (they like green bananas and are available in produce department); Waxed paper; 1 small green bell pepper, seeded and finely chopped; 4 cloves garlic, cracked away from skin and finely chopped; 1 pound small shrimp, peeled, deveined and coarsely chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat a medium pot over medium heat. Add 1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil, 1 turn of the pan, and half of the finely chopped onion. Saute 3 minutes, then season with 2 teaspoons cumin, eyeball the measurement in the palm of your hand, and the thyme leaves. Pour in 2 1/2 cups of chicken stock and raise heat to bring to a boil. Add rice and lower heat to simmer when boil resumes. Cover pot tightly. After 12 minutes, stir in black beans and replace cover. Cook another 6 to 7 minutes. Turn off rice and beans, season with salt and stir to combine then let stand until ready to serve. While rice co <END>
INPUT: chocolate, layer, light sugar, eggs, pure vanilla extract, unsweetened cocoa powder
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate Layer Cake | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup (2 sticks) unsalted butter, softened at room temperature; 3 cups light brown sugar, packed; 4 eggs; 2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract; 3/4 cup unsweetened cocoa powder; 1 tablespoon baking soda; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 3 cups sifted cake flour; 1 1/3 cups sour cream; 1 1/2 cups hot coffee; 1 cup (2 sticks) unsalted butter, softened at room temperature; 3 cups light brown sugar, packed; 4 eggs; 2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract; 3/4 cup unsweetened cocoa powder | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees. Butter and flour 3 (9-inch) cake pans. Cut 3 circles of waxed paper or parchment paper to fit the bottoms of the pans, then press them in. In a mixer fitted with a whisk attachment (or using a hand mixer), cream the butter until smooth. Add the sugar and eggs and mix until fluffy, about 3 minutes. Add the vanilla, cocoa, baking soda and salt and mix. Add 1/2 of the flour, then 1/2 of the sour cream and mix. Repeat with the remaining flour and sour cream. Drizzle in the hot coffee and mix until smooth. The batter will be thin. Pour into the prepared pans and bak <END>
INPUT: king, butter, vegetable oil, onion, ham hock, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: King's Greens | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons butter; 2 tablespoons vegetable oil; 1 cup chopped onion; 1 ham hock; 2 cloves garlic, chopped; 2 bunches collard greens, stems discarded, leaves washed twice, cut into ribbons; 4 cups chicken stock; 2 cups water; 1 tablespoon apple cider vinegar; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: In a stock pot on medium heat, melt the butter and then add the oil, onions, and ham hock. Stir and cook until the onions are translucent and tender. Add the garlic and cook a bit more, and then add the greens and saute until they become bright green. Add the stock, water, and vinegar, and then raise the heat to a boil, lower to a simmer, and cook for at least 1 1/2 hours. When ready, the ham hock meat will be easy to remove from the bone. Do so and make sure each serving gets a chunk of ham hock. Season with salt and pepper, to taste, remembering the ham hock and broth will add salt content.  <END>
INPUT: American, virgin olive oil, andouille sausage, scallions, Kosher salt, wagon wheel pasta
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cajun Mac and Cheese | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 6 ounces andouille sausage, diced; 2 bunches scallions, thinly sliced; Kosher salt; 12 ounces wagon-wheel pasta; 1 bell pepper (red or green), chopped; 1 tablespoon Cajun spice blend; 2 tablespoons all-purpose flour; 2 cups whole milk; 8 ounces sharp cheddar cheese, cut into small cubes | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring a pot of salted water to a boil. Add the pasta and cook until al dente, about 1 minute less than the label directs. Reserve 1 cup of the cooking water, then drain the pasta. Meanwhile, combine the olive oil and sausage in a large skillet over high heat and cook, stirring, until the sausage starts to brown, about 2 minutes. Stir in the scallions and bell pepper and cook until the vegetables are slightly soft, about 3 more minutes. Add the Cajun spice and flour and cook, stirring, 2 more minutes. Gradually whisk in the milk and continue whisking until the sauce is thick and smooth, about 5 <END>
INPUT: martini, Ice, strained, vodka, orange liqueur, edible flowers
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mandarin Martini | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Ice; 1/3 cup strained, fresh squeezed mandarin orange juice or tangerine juice; 2 ounces vodka; 1-ounce orange liqueur; Small edible flowers, for garnish, optional | INSTRUCTIONS: Fill a cocktail shaker with ice. Pour in the orange juice, vodka and liqueur and shake well until chilled. Serve in a large martini glass. Float 1 or 2 edible flowers in the drink for garnish, if using. <END>
INPUT: buttermilk, chicken, all purpose flour, paprika, cayenne pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fried Chicken | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 quart buttermilk; 3 1/2 pound chicken parts (bone-in, skin-on; if using breasts, halve); 2 cups all-purpose flour; 1 tablespoon paprika; 1 teaspoon cayenne pepper; 1 teaspoon garlic powder; 2 teaspoons kosher salt; Freshly ground pepper; Peanut oil, for frying; Deep-fry thermometer | INSTRUCTIONS: Place buttermilk in a large, shallow nonreactive dish and add chicken. Cover and refrigerate for at least 2 hours or overnight. Combine flour, paprika, cayenne, garlic powder, salt, and pepper in a large plastic bag. Remove chicken pieces from buttermilk and add to bag with flour mixture. Shake to coat; dust off excess. Pour 3/4" peanut oil into a heavy skillet. Heat oil over medium-high heat until it registers 350° on a deep-fry thermometer. Reduce heat to medium and add the chicken pieces, a few at a time. Fry each piece for 10-12 minutes, turning occasionally, until it is crispy and golden  <END>
INPUT: American, vegetable oil, sirloin steak, Kosher salt pepper, unsalted butter, eggs
OUTPUT: TITLE: Steak and Eggs | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon vegetable oil; One 1-pound sirloin steak (about 1 inch thick); Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 8 large eggs | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven 350 degrees F. Preheat a large cast-iron skillet over medium heat until hot, about 5 minutes. Raise the heat to high and add the oil. Season the steak generously with salt and pepper. Place the steak in the skillet and cook, turning once, until well-browned, about 4 minutes per side. Transfer the steak in the skillet to the oven and cook for 5 minutes more for medium-rare. Transfer the steak to a cutting board. Cover it loosely with foil and let rest for 10 minutes before carving. While the steak is resting, cook the eggs. Heat 2 skillets over medium-low. Melt a tablespoon of  <END>
INPUT: Mexican, soup, salsa, pineapple, blood orange, ginger, serrano chile, lime juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sweet Plantain Soup with Pineapple Blood Orange Salsa | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup diced fresh pineapple; 1 blood orange, peel and pith removed, cut into supremes and diced; 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh ginger; 1 serrano chile, stemmed, seeded, and minced; 2 tablespoons fresh lime juice; 1 salt; 1/4 teaspoon pepper; 1 1/2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 2 large ripe plantains, peeled and sliced on the diagonal into 1 1/2 inch pieces; 2 teaspoons dried oregano, crumbled; 2 leeks, white parts only, well rinsed and finely sliced; 2 medium parsnips, peeled and finely chopped; 3 cups chicken stock; 3 cups milk; Juice of 1/2 lemon | INSTRUCTIONS: In a small glass bowl, combine all the ingredients for the salsa and toss together gently. Cover and refrigerate for up to 4 hours before using. In a large heavy skillet, heat the butter over medium heat. Add the plantains with their flat sides down and saute for about 2 minutes, or until slightly softened but not brown. Turn to the other side, add the oregano, leeks and parsnips, cover the pan and cook until all the vegetables are tender, about 10 minutes, stirring occasionally. Transfer the vegetables to a food processor and puree until smooth, pulsing the machine and scraping down the sides <END>
INPUT: Salt pepper, peanut oil, unsalted butter, sherry wine vinegar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pork Chops with Sherry Vinegar Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 (1 1/2-inch thick) center cut pork chops; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 tablespoon peanut oil; 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, plus 1 tablespoon; 7 tablespoons sherry wine vinegar; 3 tablespoons sherry; 1 cup brown veal stock; 1 tablespoon barbecue sauce; 1 1/2 tablespoons Dijon mustard; 2 tablespoons peeled, seeded, and chopped tomatoes; 1 teaspoon minced chives | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Pat the pork chops dry with paper towels and season on both sides with salt and pepper. Place a heavy saute pan over high heat. When the pan is hot, add the oil and 1 tablespoon butter to the pan and swirl to coat the pan evenly. Add the pork chop to the pan and sear for 2 to 3 minutes on the first side. The chops will turn golden brown as the natural sugars in the pork caramelize and create a nice crust. Turn the chops and sear on the second side for 1 minute. Transfer to the oven and cook to desired doneness. It should take about 10 to 12 minutes in the ove <END>
INPUT: Asian, sushi, wasabi, various vegetables, Salt pepper, Peanut oil, ginger soy vinaigrette, lumpia wrappers
OUTPUT: TITLE: Crispy Sushi with Steamed Clams, Wasabi and Fermented Black Beans | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cups various vegetables, chopped into short (julienne) ribbons; Salt and pepper, to taste; Peanut oil, to saute the vegetables; 1/2 cup prepared ginger soy vinaigrette (recipe below); 4 lumpia wrappers; 4 strips of raw tuna cut 5 inches long and 1/2-inch thick; Water, to seal the wrappers; Peanut or canola oil to fry the prepared lumpias; 12 clams, scrubbed; 1 cup dry white wine; 1/2 cup dry white wine; 2 tablespoons mirin (rice wine); 1/4 cup rice wine vinegar; 1 tablespoon ginger, peeled and finely chopped; 1 tablespoon garlic, peeled and finely mince | INSTRUCTIONS: Saute the vegetables in a very hot wok or saute pan. When they are almost cooked add enough of the ginger soy vinaigrette just to coat them. Cool in a strainer so as to let all of the excess wetness not create a wetness problem for the wrapper. Now lay out one lumpia wrapper at a time. Center the vegetables and a strip of the tuna on the lower third of each wrapper. Roll them up until almost closed folding in the sides as you do. Seal with the water by rubbing the lumpia's edges with your water moistened fingers. Note: These can be prepared ahead by as much as a full day and kept refrigerated  <END>
INPUT: galette, all purpose flour, wheat flour, kosher salt, apple cider vinegar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Swiss Chard and Mushroom Galette | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup all-purpose flour; 1 cup whole wheat flour; 1 teaspoon kosher salt; 3/4 cup (1 1/2 sticks) chilled unsalted butter, cut into pieces; 1 tablespoon apple cider vinegar; 1 cup ricotta; Kosher salt; 3 tablespoons olive oil, divided; 4 ounces maitake mushrooms, torn, and/or crimini mushrooms, thinly sliced; 1 garlic clove, finely chopped; 1 large bunch Swiss chard, ribs and stems removed, leaves cut into bite-size pieces; All-purpose flour (for parchment); 1 large egg, beaten to blend; 1 cup mixed fresh tender herbs (such as flat-leaf parsley, cilantro, dill, and/or chives); 1 teaspoon finely grated lemon zest | INSTRUCTIONS: For whole wheat dough: Pulse all-purpose flour, whole wheat flour, and salt in a food processor to combine. Add butter and pulse until mixture resembles coarse meal with a few pea-size pieces of butter remaining. Transfer mixture to a large bowl; drizzle with vinegar and 1/4 cup ice water. Mix with a fork, adding more ice water by the tablespoonful if needed, just until a shaggy dough comes together; lightly knead until no dry spots remain (do not overwork). Pat into a disk and wrap in plastic. Chill at least 2 hours. DO AHEAD: Dough can be made 2 days ahead. Keep chilled. Pulse all-purpose fl <END>
INPUT: curried, virgin olive oil, butter, onion, packaged baby carrots, chicken stock
OUTPUT: TITLE: Curried Carrot Soup | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon extra virgin olive oil, 1 turn of the pan; 2 tablespoons butter; 1 medium onion, chopped; 1 1/2 pounds packaged baby carrots, from produce section; 6 cups chicken stock, available on soup aisle; 1 tablespoon mild curry paste or 1 1/2 tablespoons curry powder; 1/4 to 1/2 teaspoon ground cayenne pepper; Coarse salt; 1 cup sour cream; Plastic condiment bottle or medium plastic food storage bag; 6 blades fresh chives, cut into 1-inch pieces | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: Toothpick Preheat medium pot over medium high heat. Add olive oil, butter, onions and carrots and saute 5 minutes. Add 4 cups chicken stock, curry and cayenne, and about 1 teaspoon salt to the pot. Bring to a boil, cover and cook until carrots are very tender, about 15 minutes. Place pot on a trivet next to food processor. Process soup in 2 or 3 small batches until soup is smooth and carrots are fully pureed. Transfer processed soup into a large bowl as you work to make room for more soup in the food processor. Return completed soup to the soup pot and place back over low he <END>
INPUT: water, wine, Cajun seasoning
OUTPUT: TITLE: Poached Cajun Shrimp | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 quarts water; 2 cups white wine; 5 tablespoons Cajun seasoning; 3 pounds (16/20 count per pound) fresh shrimp, shell on | INSTRUCTIONS: In a stock pot bring water, white wine, and Cajun seasoning to a boil. Add shrimp to liquid reduce to simmer and cook until shrimp turns pink, about 8 minutes. Remove from heat and let sit in liquid 3 more minutes, then drain. Can be served warm or chilled. <END>
INPUT: hard boiled eggs, onion, garlic, vegetable oil, chicken livers
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grandma's Chopped Liver | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 hard-boiled large eggs, chilled; 1 large onion, chopped; 1 garlic clove, chopped; 1/3 cup vegetable oil; 1 lb chicken livers; 2 1/4 teaspoons kosher salt; 1 teaspoon black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Pulse eggs in a food processor until coarsely chopped and transfer to a large bowl, then chill, covered, until ready to use. Cook onion and garlic in oil in a 12-inch heavy skillet over moderately low heat, stirring occasionally, until onion is golden, about 20 minutes. While onion cooks, trim and rinse livers and pat dry. (Halve any large pieces.) Add livers to onion and increase heat to moderately high, then sauté, stirring occasionally, until livers are just cooked through, 8 to 10 minutes (they should not be pink in center). Transfer mixture (including oil) to a shallow plate and cool to r <END>
INPUT: citrus, canola oil, onion, garlic, chipotle pepper, arbol chile
OUTPUT: TITLE: Citrus Glazed Pork Loin | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 ounces canola oil; 1 large onion, chopped; 4 cloves garlic, chopped; 1 chipotle pepper, chopped; 1 arbol chile, steam removed; 1 tablespoon cracked black pepper; 2 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce; 2 cups orange juice; 2 cups barbecue sauce; 6 dashes hot sauce; 2 lemons juiced; Kosher salt to taste; 3 pounds pork loin; 4 tablespoons olive oil; 2 tablespoons kosher salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350 degrees. For the glaze: In a small saucepot add canola oil and saute onions and garlic until translucent. Then add chipotle and arbol chilies and continue to cook until chiles start to toast. Then add cracked black pepper and deglaze with Worcestershire sauce and orange juice. Reduce orange juice until starts to thicken. Then add in your favorite barbecue sauce and reduce to low heat. Continue cooking for about 15 minutes. Season with hot sauce, lemon juice and to taste with salt. Strain barbecue sauce and set aside. For the porkloin: On a large sheet pan rub the porkloin w <END>
INPUT: American, all purpose flour, salted butter, egg yolk
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pecan Pie | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups all-purpose flour, plus more for dusting; 10 tablespoons cold salted butter, cut into small pieces; 1 large egg yolk; For the filling:; 1 stick salted butter; 1 cup packed dark brown sugar; 4 large eggs; 1 cup light corn syrup; 1 tablespoon spiced rum; 1 1/2 cups pecan halves | INSTRUCTIONS: Make the crust: Put the flour in a large bowl and cut in the cold butter with your fingers until the mixture forms coarse crumbs. Whisk 1/3 cup ice water and the egg yolk in a liquid measuring cup. Make a well in the center of the flour mixture and pour in the yolk mixture. Gradually stir the flour into the well until a rough dough forms. Divide the dough in half and shape each half into a ball. Wrap separately in plastic wrap and refrigerate overnight. (You will need only 1 ball of dough for this pie; freeze the other ball up to 1 month.) Flatten 1 ball of dough on a lightly floured surface,  <END>
INPUT: breast, veal, porcini mushrooms, Swiss chard, Kosher salt, olive oil, leeks
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chard and Mushroom-Stuffed Breast of Veal | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 ounces dried porcini mushrooms; 1 bunch Swiss chard (about 12 ounces), stalks removed, coarsely chopped; Kosher salt; 3 tablespoons olive oil; 2 cups chopped leeks (white and pale-green parts only); 2 cups chopped onions; 6 garlic cloves, chopped; Freshly ground black pepper; 1 pound crimini (baby bella) mushrooms, trimmed, finely chopped; 2 teaspoons chopped fresh sage; 4 cups 1/2" cubes day-old white bread; 1 cup finely grated Parmesan; 2 eggs, whisked to blend; 8 teaspoons Hungarian sweet paprika, divided; 2 tablespoons kosher salt plus more for seasoning | INSTRUCTIONS: For Stuffing: Place dried porcini in a 2-cup measuring cup. Add boiling water to cover. Let soak for 30 minutes. Using a slotted spoon, transfer mushrooms to a work surface. Reserve soaking liquid. Chop mushrooms; reserve. Cook the chard in a large pot of boiling salted water for 5 minutes. Transfer to a large bowl of ice water to cool. Drain; squeeze out liquid. Heat oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Add leeks, onions, garlic, and a pinch each of salt and pepper. Cover and cook, stirring occasionally, until vegetables are soft, about 10 minutes. Add chopped crimini mushrooms, sage, and <END>
INPUT: Asian, kalbi, barbequed, Korean style beef, sugar, soy sauce, water, mirin
OUTPUT: TITLE: Kalbi (Korean Barbequed Beef Short Ribs) | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 5 pounds Korean style beef short ribs*; 1 cup brown sugar, packed; 1 cup soy sauce; 1/2 cup water; 1/4 cup mirin (rice wine); 1 small onion, peeled and finely grated; 1 small Asian pear, peeled and finely grated; 4 tablespoons minced garlic; 2 tablespoons dark sesame oil; 1/4 teaspoon black pepper; 2 green onions, thinly sliced (optional) | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preparation: Sprinkle brown sugar over beef and mix well to evenly coat. Let sit at room temperature for 10 minutes while preparing marinade. In a bowl, whisk together remaining ingredients. Transfer beef into a large sealable freezer bag (you may need 2). Add marinade, press out excess air from bags, and seal. Turn bag over several times to ensure beef is evenly coated. Refrigerate for at least 4 hours but preferably overnight. Heat gas or charcoal grill to medium-hot. Drain excess marinade off beef. Grill short ribs, turning once, to desired doneness, about 3 t <END>
INPUT: olive oil, coriander, shallots, dill
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tea Smoked Sturgeon | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 (6-ounce) portions fresh sturgeon; 4 ounces olive oil; 2 tablespoons ground coriander; 2 shallots minced; 2 ounces chopped dill; 4 ounces black Russian tea; 4 ounces apple wood chips; 1 red onion minced; 3 ounces capers; 2 hard boiled eggs minced; 6 ounces creme fraiche | INSTRUCTIONS: Marinate sturgeon in olive oil, coriander, shallots and dill for 8 hours, refrigerated. Soak tea and applewood chips in water for 2 hours. In a stove top smoker place soaked tea and apple chips in bottom of pan and put over medium heat on stove. Drain of any excess oil and place sturgeon on rack and cover. Let smoke on stovetop until fish begins to flake, about 12 minutes. Remove from pan and garnish with onions, capers, and chopped eggs. Drizzle with creme fraiche and serve. <END>
INPUT: cuervoand, salad, Pepper, Poultry Seasoning Blend, Scallions, Olive Oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cuervoand#174; Margarita Chicken Salad (In lettuce cups) | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 Small Yellow Pepper, Finely chopped; 1 lb. Boneless, Skinless Chicken Breast; 1 Tbsp. Poultry Seasoning Blend; 3 Scallions, Thinly Sliced; 1 Tbsp. Olive Oil; 1/4 cup Mayonnaise; 1 Head Boston Bib Lettuce; 1 Cup Jose Cuervo Golden Margarita™ | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. Poach chicken and 1 cup Jose Cuervo Golden Margarita. 2. Mix in a skillet. 3. Remove from heat. 4. When cool, dice chicken into small pieces. 5.Combine all ingredients in a small bowl. 6.Refrigerate for an hour. 7. Mix and spoon into washed lettuce leaves. Jose Cuervo Golden Margarita. 12.7% ALC/VOL. ©2010Produced by Heublein, Norwalk, CT under license from the trademark owner. Jose Cuervo is a registered trademark of Tequila Cuervo la Rojena. Grand Marinier© is a registered trademark of Societe des Produits Marnier-Lapostolle, Paris and is used under license from trademark owner. <END>
INPUT: soup, butter, onions, butternut squash, pears, low sodium chicken
OUTPUT: TITLE: Butternut Squash and Pear Soup | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 tablespoons butter; 2 medium onions, diced; 1 medium butternut squash peeled, seeded and cut into 1-inch pieces; 4 pears, peeled and chopped into roughly 1-inch pieces; 1-quart low sodium chicken stock, or enough to cover; 1 sprig rosemary; Heavy cream; Salt, freshly ground black pepper and granulated sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: In a 4-quart saucepan melt the butter over medium-high heat, and add and sweat the onions. Add squash and pears and sweat those too a bit. Pour in the stock, enough to submerge solids. Add sprig of rosemary and bring to a simmer and cook until squash is fork tender about 15 to 18 minutes. Remove rosemary. Puree with immersion blender. Add a touch of cream and season, to taste. <END>
INPUT: waffles, flour, wheat flour, sugar, mustard, baking powder
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken and Waffles | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup flour; 1 cup whole wheat flour; 2 tablespoons sugar; 4 teaspoons dry mustard; 1 teaspoon baking powder; 1 teaspoon baking soda; 1 teaspoon kosher salt; 2 cups buttermilk; 1/2 cup unsalted butter, melted; 2 eggs; 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh thyme; Roasted Chicken, recipe follows; Dijon Cream Sauce, recipe follows; 8 boneless chicken breasts, skin on; 4 tablespoons clarified butter** See Cook's Note | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: A waffle iron Sift together the flour, whole wheat flour, sugar, mustard, baking powder, baking soda, and salt. In a separate bowl, whisk together the buttermilk, melted butter, and eggs. Combine the wet ingredients, dry ingredients, and thyme to form waffle batter. Ladle the batter into the waffle iron, following the manufacturer's instructions. While the waffle iron is closed, trim any overflow with the back of a knife. Cook until golden. Serve waffles hot, topped with hot Roasted Chicken and a generous amount of hot Dijon Cream Sauce. Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. He <END>
INPUT: each bell peppers, virgin olive oil, garlic, cherry pear tomatoes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Peppers with Tomatoes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 each red and yellow bell peppers, stemmed, seeded and halved lengthwise; 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 3 cloves of garlic, thinly sliced; 24 ripe red cherry or pear tomatoes, stemmed; 24 ripe yellow cherry or pear tomatoes, stemmed; 2 to 3 tablespoons drained tiny capers; 1 to 2 tablespoons fresh thyme; Coarse salt and freshly ground black pepper, to taste | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. Preheat the oven to 425°F. Arrange the peppers, cut-side up, on an oiled baking dish to fit. Brush the peppers with some oil. 2. Place 4 garlic slices in each pepper. Place 4 red cherry tomatoes in each yellow-pepper half and 4 yellow cherry tomatoes in each red pepper half. Sprinkle the peppers evenly with the capers, thyme, salt and pepper. Drizzle with the remaining olive oil. Bake for 35 minutes. Cool the peppers to room temperature. 3. To serve, arrange the peppers on a platter in alternating colors. 1. Preheat the oven to 425°F. Arrange the peppers, cut-side up, on an oiled baking dis <END>
INPUT: wrapped, sauce, Idaho potatoes, Canola oil, applewood smoked bacon, toothpicks, butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Bacon Wrapped Potato with Honey Scallion Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 large Idaho potatoes; Canola oil, for frying (about 2 cups); 8 slices applewood smoked bacon, cut in 1/2 vertically; 16 toothpicks; 1/4 cup softened butter; 1/4 cup honey; 1/2 teaspoon cracked black pepper; 2 tablespoons chopped scallions; 1 teaspoon chopped fresh parsley leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. Cut each potato into 8 wedges and parboil until fork tender. 2. In a preheated large saute pan, heat oil on medium-high heat. Wrap each potato wedge with 1 strip of bacon and secure with 1 toothpick on each end. Pan-fry in oil until bacon and potato are golden brown, approximately 8 to 10 minutes, turning frequently with tongs to brown all sides evenly. Remove and drain on paper towels. 3. Meanwhile, in a medium bowl, mix butter, honey, black pepper, scallions and parsley. Stir with a spoon until fully mixed. 4. Toss potatoes in the glaze. Remove toothpicks and serve. <END>
INPUT: heavy cream, half half, vanilla beans, egg yolks, granulated sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Vanilla Ice Cream | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 heavy cream; 1 cup half and half; 2 vanilla beans; 5 large egg yolks; 1/2 cup granulated sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: In a medium heavy sauce pan, combine the cream and the half and half. Split the vanilla beans in half lengthwise and, using the tip of a knife, scrape out the small seeds into the cream mixture and drop in the pods. Bring the mixture to a boil, then remove from the heat. In a large bowl, whisk together the egg yolks and sugar until thickened and pale. Pour in the hot cream mixture and stir until well combined. Strain into a large container and refrigerate until cold. Wash and dry the vanilla pods and reserve for another use. When the cream mixture is cold, pour it into the bowl of an ice cream <END>
INPUT: broccoli florets, beans, virgin olive oil, garlic, pepper flakes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Broccoli and Green Beans | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 8 cups broccoli florets (about 1 1/2 pounds); 1/2 pound green beans; 2 tablespoons cup extra-virgin olive oil; 2 cloves garlic, sliced thin; 1/2 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, plus more if desired; Sea salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. In a large pot, bring 6 quarts of salted water to a boil. Have ready a large bowl of ice water. Place broccoli into pot and cook for 2 minutes. You just want to parboil the broccoli at this point since you will saute it later on. Using a spider strainer, remove broccoli from pot and shock it in a bowl of ice water. When broccoli is completely cool, place it in a colander and allow to drain. Refresh the bowl of ice water. Bring the water back to a boil. Add green beans and cook for 4 minutes. Like the broccoli, you just want to parboil the green beans. Remove gree <END>
INPUT: Mexican, tostados, sauce, garlic, tomatillos, serrano chiles jalapeños, cilantro, water
OUTPUT: TITLE: Black-Bean Tostados with Roasted Tomatillo Sauce | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 6 large garlic cloves, 4 cloves peeled and left whole and 2 cloves coarsely chopped; 1 pound tomatillos (8 medium), husked, rinsed, and halved; 4 fresh serrano chiles or 2 fresh jalapeños (including seeds), coarsely chopped; 3/4 cup coarsely chopped fresh cilantro sprigs; 2 cups plus 2 to 3 tablespoons water; 1/2 cup finely chopped white onion, rinsed in a sieve and patted dry; 1 3/4 teaspoons salt; 2 dried avocado leaves (optional), coarse stems discarded; 2 (15-ounce) cans black beans, rinsed and drained; 3 tablespoons vegetable oil; 2 (6- to 7-ounce) firm-ripe avocados; 12 tostadas; 3 cups thinly sliced romaine (from 1 head); 1 cup crumbled queso fresco (Mexican fresh cheese) or mild feta (1/4 pound) | INSTRUCTIONS: Make tomatillo sauce: Line a 10-inch heavy skillet (preferably cast-iron; not nonstick) with foil, then heat over moderately high heat until hot but not smoking. Add 2 whole garlic cloves and half of tomatillos, cut sides down, and roast on top of stove until well browned, 4 to 5 minutes (skillet will begin to smoke at this point). Turn over garlic and tomatillos (tomatillos may stick to foil) and roast until well browned and tomatillos are completely soft, 3 to 4 minutes. Transfer roasted garlic and tomatillos to a food processor. Discard foil, then line skillet with a fresh sheet of foil and <END>
INPUT: American, tart, all purpose flour, powdered sugar, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Honey-Glazed Peach Tart with Mascarpone Cream | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cups all purpose flour; 3 tablespoons powdered sugar; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 1/2 cup (1 stick) chilled unsalted butter, cut into 1/2-inch cubes; 3 1/2 tablespoons (about) ice water; 1/4 cup sugar; 3 tablespoons all purpose flour; 2 teaspoons grated lemon peel; 6 ripe medium peaches, peeled, halved, pitted, cut into 1/2-inch-thick slices (about 4 cups); 2 tablespoons honey; 2 tablespoons chilled unsalted butter, cut into small pieces; 2 tablespoons sliced almonds; 2 tablespoons peach preserves, melted; 1 cup chilled whipping cream; 6 tablespoons mascarpone cheese* | INSTRUCTIONS: For crust: Blend flour, sugar, and salt in processor. Using on/off turns, cut in butter until pea-size pieces form. With machine running, add enough ice water by tablespoonfuls to form moist clumps. Gather dough into ball; flatten into disk. Wrap in plastic; refrigerate 1 hour. Roll out dough on lightly floured surface to 12-inch round. Transfer to 9-inch-diameter tart pan with removable bottom. Trim overhang to 1 inch. Fold overhang in and press to form double-thick sides. Press inside edge of crust to push it 1/8 to 1/4 inch above top edge of pan. Pierce bottom of crust with fork. Refrigerat <END>
INPUT: sized butterfish, Bacon drippings, cornmeal, flour, Salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fried Butterfish | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 8 to 10 medium sized butterfish; Bacon drippings, lard, or vegetable oil for frying; 1/4 cup cornmeal; 1/2 cup flour; Salt and freshly ground black pepper, to taste | INSTRUCTIONS: Have the fishmonger scale and remove the heads from the fish. Wash and clean the fish and pat them dry with paper towels. Preheat 2 inches of oil for frying to 375 degrees in a deep, heavy skillet. While the oil is heating, mix the cornmeal, flour, salt, and pepper and coat both sides of the fish with the mixture. Place the butterfish in the hot oil and fry for 5 to 8 minutes, turning occasionally so that both sides are well browned. Drain them on paper towels and serve hot. They are as good for breakfast accompanied by grits and biscuits as they are for dinner with smothered cabbage or collar <END>
INPUT: fajitas, olive oil, onion, bell pepper, button mushrooms
OUTPUT: TITLE: Hot and Spicy Fajitas | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1 white onion, sliced; 1 red bell pepper, sliced; 1 green bell pepper, sliced; 6 button mushrooms, sliced; 6 green onions, sliced; 1 carrot, cut into julienne strips; Salt; Black pepper; Soy sauce; 1/2 pound chicken breast strips; 1/2 pound skirt steak; 1/2 pound shrimp, peeled and de-veined; 1/2 pound Cajun sausage; Assorted chiles (recommended: habanero, pasilla, Anaheim, jalapeno), roasted | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large skillet, heat olive oil over medium-high heat. Add vegetables, season with salt, pepper, and soy sauce, to taste, and saute until tender yet still crisp, about 8 minutes. Remove vegetables from skillet and reserve. Preheat a grill to medium-high heat. Grill the chicken, steak, shrimp, and sausage; it is best to select a different area of the grill for each, as they all have very different cooking times. As each is cooked through, remove from the grill, cut into strips, and reserve. Heat the same large skillet until very hot and return the vegetables to the pan. Layer the assorted ro <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, peas, couscous, butter, mint, lemon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Couscous with Peas and Mint | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup frozen peas; 2 cups couscous; 3 tablespoons butter; 3 sprigs fresh mint, finely chopped; 1/2 lemon, juiced; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: In a medium saucepan over high heat, bring 2 1/2 cups of water to a boil. Add the frozen peas, and boil for 1 minute. Stir in the couscous and butter; turn off the heat. Cover the pan and let rest for 5 minutes. Add the mint and lemon juice to the couscous and fluff with a fork. Taste and season with salt and pepper, if necessary. <END>
INPUT: American, salad, black, spears asparagus, Olive oil, Salt pepper, quinoa, aged goat cheese
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Asparagus and Quinoa Salad with Goat Cheese and Black Olive Vinaigrette | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 12 spears asparagus, trimmed; Olive oil; Salt and pepper; 2 cups quinoa; 8 ounces aged goat cheese, shaved; 1/4 cup chopped parsley leaves; 1 tablespoon red wine vinegar; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 5 nicoise olives; 1 Roma tomato, sliced; Parsley sprigs for garnish; 1/4 cup aged sherry vinegar; 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard; 1/2 teaspoon chile de arbol; 1/2 cup pitted nicoise olives | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat grill. Brush asparagus with olive oil and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Grill on both sides until just cooked through, about 2 minutes on each side. Remove from grill and cut in half. Bring 8 cups of salted water to a boil. Add quinoa and cook until soft. Drain and rinse with cold water and drain again. Place the quinoa in a medium bowl and add red wine vinegar, olive oil, parsley and 1/4 cup of olive vinaigrette. Stir to combine. Place on plate and top with goat cheese, asparagus, whole nicoise olives, sliced tomato and parsley sprigs. Black Olive Vinaigrette: Combine vinegar, m <END>
INPUT: souvlaki, honeyed, shallots, garlic, oregano, jalapeno pepper, Juice lemon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pork Souvlaki with Honeyed Apricots | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 shallots, minced; 2 cloves garlic, minced; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh oregano; 1 jalapeno pepper, seeded and minced; Juice of 1 lemon; 1/2 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 2 pounds pork tenderloin, trimmed and cut into 1 1/2-to-2-inch chunks; Juice of 3 limes; 3/4 cup dry rose or white wine; 1/4 cup honey; 1 shallot, minced; 12 plump dried apricots; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh mint; 1 tablespoon pine nuts, toasted; Greek yogurt, for serving | INSTRUCTIONS: Prepare the souvlaki: Combine the shallots, garlic, oregano, jalapeno, lemon juice and olive oil in a large resealable plastic bag. Add the pork, turn to coat, and refrigerate at least 3 hours or overnight. Soak 12 to 16 wooden skewers in water, at least 20 minutes. Meanwhile, make the honeyed apricots: Bring the lime juice, wine, honey and shallot to a simmer in a small saucepan over medium heat. Add the apricots and cook until the mixture is syrupy, about 12 minutes. Preheat a grill or grill pan to medium. Remove the pork from the marinade and thread 2 pieces onto each skewer. Grill until co <END>
INPUT: Mexican, quesadilla, mango, Brie, flour tortillas, butter, Avocado Salsa
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mango Brie Quesadilla | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 ripe mango; 1/3 pound Brie, frozen; 2 flour tortillas (a no lard style, preferably); 1 tablespoon butter; Avocado Salsa, recipe follows; 1 medium avocado; 2 tablespoons red onion, diced fine; Pinch garlic powder; 1 tablespoon fresh lime juice; 1 tablespoon fresh chopped cilantro; 1/2 teaspoon jalepeno, chopped fine (optional); Kosher salt and black pepper, to taste | INSTRUCTIONS: Remove Brie from freezer to let warm up. Carefully remove skin from mango and cut away from seed as much of meat as possible (remember mangos have a flat seed, so you should be able to get 2 large meaty pieces) Carefully slice mango into thin strips. By this time the Brie has begun to thaw, and should slice easily into very thin strips. (Brie, being such a soft cheese, could never otherwise be sliced, unless frozen first.) Lay a tortilla on a work surface and place 2/3 of the Brie slices on the tortilla. Add about 6 to 8 of the mango slices, and top with remaining Brie. (This will glue the que <END>
INPUT: chunky, bacon, two clams, cream cheese, sour cream, bell pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chunky Clam and Bacon Dip with Pita Toasts | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 pound bacon (about 8 slices), chopped; two 6 1/2-ounce cans minced clams; 8 ounces cream cheese, softened; 1/4 cup sour cream; 1/3 cup finely chopped red bell pepper; 3 scallions, chopped fine; 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh basil leaves; 1 teaspoon drained bottled horseradish; 1 teaspoon fresh lemon juice, or to taste; 3/4 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce; Tabasco to taste; Accompaniment:Pita Toasts or potato chips | INSTRUCTIONS: In a skillet cook bacon over moderate heat, stirring, until golden and crisp and transfer with a slotted spoon to paper towels to drain. In a large sieve set over a bowl drain clams, reserving clam juice, and in another bowl whisk together cream cheese and sour cream. Whisk 2 tablespoons reserved clam juice into cream cheese mixture with clams, bacon, and remaining ingredients. Dip may be made 1 day ahead and chilled, covered. Bring dip to room temperature before serving. In a skillet cook bacon over moderate heat, stirring, until golden and crisp and transfer with a slotted spoon to paper tow <END>
INPUT: mama, water, cabbage, corn oil, Salt pepper taste
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mama's Cabbage | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 - 1 cup water; 1 small or medium cabbage, cut up; 4 tablespoons corn oil; Salt and pepper to taste | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring water to boil, using 1/2 cup water if cabbage is small or up to one cup if cabbage is larger. Add the cabbage and oil, cover and cook for about 15 minutes. The cabbage should be soft. Season with salt and pepper and serve hot with cornbread. Yield: 2 servings TIP: NO MORE BLUE CABBAGE Always add some lemon or acid such as apples to your cabbage to prevent the cabbage from turning blue. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, lime zest, lime butter sauce
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Salmon with Lime Butter Sauce | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 6 (6-oz) pieces center-cut salmon fillet (about 1 inch thick) with skin; 1 1/2 teaspoons finely grated fresh lime zest; 6 tablespoons lime butter sauce | INSTRUCTIONS: Prepare grill for cooking over medium-hot charcoal (moderate heat for gas). Season salmon all over with salt and pepper, then grill, flesh sides down, on lightly oiled grill rack (covered only if using gas grill) 4 minutes. Turn fillets over and grill (covered only if using gas grill) until just cooked through, 4 to 6 minutes more. Sprinkle fillets with zest and top each with 1 tablespoon lime butter sauce. Prepare grill for cooking over medium-hot charcoal (moderate heat for gas). Season salmon all over with salt and pepper, then grill, flesh sides down, on lightly oiled grill rack (covered o <END>
INPUT: Asian, punch, sugar, water, crystallized ginger, vodka, champagne
OUTPUT: TITLE: Champagne Ginger Punch | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup of sugar; 1/4 cup water; 3 tablespoons finely chopped crystallized ginger; 1/2 cup vodka; 1 bottle champagne, chilled | INSTRUCTIONS: Boil water, add sugar and ginger. Simmer for 15 minutes. Cool mixture then add vodka. Chill sugar and vodka combination overnight. Strain ginger from vodka and pour into the punch bowl. Add chilled champagne when guests arrive and serve. You can add an ice ring or ice block. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, taco, orange juice, vegetable oil, cider vinegar, dark sugar, chipotles adobo sauce
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chipotle-Grilled Mushroom Taco Bar | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup fresh orange juice; 1/4 cup vegetable oil; 1/4 cup cider vinegar; 2 tablespoons dark brown sugar; 1 to 2 canned chipotles in adobo sauce, plus 1 to 2 tablespoons of the sauce; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 8 large portobello mushroom caps (about 2 pounds), stems removed; Corn Salsa:; 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, plus more for oiling the grill grates; 4 ears corn, shucked; 1/4 cup mayonnaise; 2 tablespoons grated Parmesan; 2 teaspoons grated lime zest; 2 tablespoons fresh lime juice; 1/2 cup loosely packed fresh cilantro leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: Prepare a grill for medium-high heat. For the mushrooms: Pulse the orange juice, vegetable oil, cider vinegar, brown sugar, chipotles and adobo sauce and1/2 teaspoon salt in a mini-food processor or blender until smooth and emulsified. Put the mushroom caps in 1 or 2 large resealable plastic bags and pour in the marinade. Rub the marinade into the caps, seal the bags and marinate at room temperature while you make the corn salsa, turning the bags over occasionally. For the corn salsa: Lightly oil the grill grates. Brush the corn evenly with 2 tablespoons vegetable oil and sprinkle with 1/2 tea <END>
INPUT: Italian, pesto, sauce, pecans, flat leafed parsley, Parmesan, lemon juice, virgin olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Linguine with Parsley-Pecan Pesto Sauce | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup pecans; 2 cups packed fresh flat-leafed parsley leaves; 3/4 cup freshly grated Parmesan (about 1 1/2 ounces); 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 1 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 1 pound linguine | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350°F. On a baking sheet toast pecans in one layer in middle of oven until fragrant and one shade darker, about 7 minutes. Cool pecans and in a blender purée with parsley, Parmesan, lemon juice, and oil. Parsley-pecan pesto may be made 1 day ahead and chilled, covered. In a 6-quart kettle bring 5 quarts salted water to a boil for linguine. Cook pasta in boiling water until al dente and ladle out and reserve 1 1/2 cups pasta cooking water. Drain pasta in a colander and in kettle toss with pesto, 1 cup reserved pasta cooking water, and salt and pepper to taste, adding as much of  <END>
INPUT: multi, flatbread, water, salt, sugar, packet yeast, all purpose flour
OUTPUT: TITLE: Multi-Mushroom Flatbread Pizza | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cups warm water, between 100 and 115 degrees F, as measured with a candy thermometer (any hotter will kill the yeast - an organic leavener, too ; 1 tablespoon salt; 1 tablespoon sugar; One 1/4-ounce packet yeast; 4 cups all-purpose flour, plus some extra for the dough board; 1/4 cup cornmeal, for pizza stones; 2 tablespoons butter; 3 shallots, sliced; 3 large sprigs fresh thyme, leaves stripped from the stems and minced; 3 ounces dried porcini mushrooms, soaked in hot water to re-hydrate and remove grit (24 ounces if using fresh); Salt and pepper; 1/2 cup heavy cream; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 3 ounces fresh porcini mushrooms, cleaned and trimmed; 3 ounces fresh cremini mushrooms, cleaned and trimmed | INSTRUCTIONS: Dissolve salt, sugar, and yeast in the warm water and allow the yeast to proof. Proofing takes about 15 minutes. Place flour in a food processor fitted with a dough blade, and through the feed tube with the food processor running, slowly pour in the proofed yeast mixture, until the dough comes together and is a cohesive mass. Transfer the dough to a floured board, and knead for about 5 minutes. Place in a bowl, cover with a clean dish towel and allow dough to rise, so that it roughly doubles in volume. (This will take about 30 minutes to 1 hour). The dough has risen enough if you make an inden <END>
INPUT: Asian, cake, cream, all purpose flour, sugar, ginger, baking powder, cinnamon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Parsnip Spice Cake with Ginger Cream Cheese Frosting | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cups all purpose flour; 1 cup sugar; 1 tablespoon ground ginger; 2 teaspoons baking powder; 1 1/2 teaspoons ground cinnamon; 3/4 teaspoon plus 1/8 teaspoon salt; 3/4 teaspoon ground nutmeg; 3/4 teaspoon ground allspice; 3/4 teaspoon ground cloves; 3 large eggs; 1/2 cup canola oil or vegetable oil; 1/2 cup whole milk; 1 1/2 teaspoons vanilla extract, divided; 2 cups (packed) shredded peeled parsnips (about 3 large); 1/2 cup walnuts, toasted, chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350°F. Butter and flour 13x9x2-inch baking pan. Combine flour, sugar, ground ginger, baking powder, cinnamon, 3/4 teaspoon salt, nutmeg, allspice, and cloves in large bowl; whisk to combine. Whisk eggs, oil, milk, and 1 teaspoon vanilla in medium bowl to combine. Pour egg mixture over dry ingredients; stir until just combined. Stir in parsnips and walnuts. Transfer batter to prepared pan. Bake until tester inserted into center comes out clean, about 25 minutes. Cool cake completely in pan on rack. Beat cream cheese and butter in large bowl until smooth. Beat in fresh ginger and <END>
INPUT: chocolate, jelly, granulated sugar, sugar, vegetable oil, eggs, pure vanilla extract
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate Peanut Butter and Jelly Cupcakes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup granulated sugar; 1/2 cup brown sugar; 1 cup vegetable oil; 2 large eggs; 2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract; 2 cups all-purpose flour; 2 tablespoons cocoa powder; 1 teaspoon baking soda; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/4 cup milk; 2 tablespoons peanut butter; One 18-ounce jar creamy peanut butter (2 cups); One 8-ounce package cream cheese, at room temperature; 2 cups powdered sugar; 2 tablespoons pure vanilla extract | INSTRUCTIONS: For the cupcakes: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Line muffin pans with paper liners. In a medium bowl, cream together the sugars and oil. Beat in the eggs, one at a time, and then stir in the vanilla. Combine the flour, cocoa powder, baking soda and salt. Add to the creamed mixture and mix well. Stir in the milk and peanut butter until the batter is smooth. Then scoop the batter into the liners. Bake for 20 to 25 minutes. The cupcakes are done when they spring back to the touch. Let cool. For the mousse frosting: Using an electric mixer, beat the peanut butter and cream cheese in a large b <END>
INPUT: American, croustade, MacIntosh apples, unsalted butter, Salt pepper, disks pre made
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Quail with Savory Apple and Cheddar Croustade | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 5 MacIntosh apples, peeled and cored; 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, divided; 1 1/2 tablespoons, plus 1/2 tablespoon, plus pinch finely chopped fresh herb mix (recommended: a blend of sage, thyme, and rosemary); Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 6 disks pre-made pie dough, each 6-inches in diameter; 1 cup grated extra-sharp cheddar cheese, divided; 1 cup fresh fennel, thinly sliced; 6 boned quail, breast bones removed; 1 1/2 cups plus 1/2 cup red wine; 3 tablespoons dried blueberries; 2 tablespoons vegetable oil; 1 cup chicken stock | INSTRUCTIONS: To prepare the croustade: Slice the apples into thin wedges. To a hot saute pan, add 2 tablespoons of the butter and immediately add the apples. Saute over high heat while tossing the apples, cooking until the apples begin to soften and brown on the edges, approximately 3 minutes. Add 1 1/2 tablespoons of the chopped herbs and season with salt and pepper; continue to cook for 30 seconds. Remove the apples from the heat and let them cool for 10 to 20 minutes. Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F. Lay out the pie dough disks and evenly spread 2 tablespoons of the grated cheddar on each. Place appro <END>
INPUT: American, beignets, caramel, sugar, unsalted butter, water, dark rum, cider vinegar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Apple Cider Beignets with Butter-Rum Caramel Sauce | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup sugar; 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, cut into pieces; 1/3 cup water; 1/4 cup dark rum; 1/2 teaspoon cider vinegar; 1/4 cup heavy cream; About 8 cups vegetable oil, divided; 2 Golden Delicious apples; 1 3/4 cups self-rising cake flour, divided; 1 large egg; 3/4 cup sparkling apple cider; Confectioners sugar for dusting; a deep-fat thermometer; a 1-inch round cookie cutter or a melon-ball cutter | INSTRUCTIONS: Make sauce: Heat sugar in a 12-inch heavy skillet over medium heat, stirring with a fork to heat sugar evenly, until it starts to melt, then stop stirring and cook, swirling skillet occasionally so sugar melts evenly, until it is dark amber. Stir in butter, water, rum, vinegar, and a pinch of salt (caramel will harden and steam vigorously) and cook over low heat, stirring occasionally, until caramel has dissolved. Add cream and bring to a boil, stirring, then remove from heat. Cool to warm. Heat sugar in a 12-inch heavy skillet over medium heat, stirring with a fork to heat sugar evenly, until <END>
INPUT: martinis, lemon, granulated sugar, gin, elderflower liqueur, ice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lemon Flower Martinis | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 lemon; 1/4 cup granulated sugar; 2 cups gin; 3/4 cup elderflower liqueur, such as St. Germain; 1 1/2 cups ice | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. Remove 8 thin strips of zest from the lemon using a vegetable peeler and set aside. Thinly slice the lemon and place in a small pot with the sugar and 1/3 cup water. Bring to a boil and cook until the sugar dissolves. Let cool and strain the syrup. 2. For each of 8 martini glasses, rub a strip of zest around the rim and then drop in the bottom of the glass for garnish. Combine the gin, elderflower liqueur, lemon syrup and ice in a measuring cup or pitcher and stir until very cold. Remove any unmelted ice or strain into the prepared glasses. Serve icy cold. <END>
INPUT: Asian, soy sauce, ginger, garlic, chicken thighs
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Chicken Thighs | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 cup soy sauce; 1/3 cup (packed) dark brown sugar; 2 tablespoons chopped peeled fresh ginger; 4 large garlic cloves, chopped; 12 skinless boneless chicken thighs (about 3 pounds); Sticky Rice; Seasoned Nori Wrappers | INSTRUCTIONS: Whisk soy sauce, brown sugar, ginger, and garlic in large bowl. DO AHEAD Can be made 2 hours ahead. Let stand at room temperature. Prepare barbecue (medium-high heat). Add chicken to marinade; toss to coat. Let marinate at room temperature 15 minutes. Brush grill with oil. Grill chicken until cooked through, about 5 minutes per side. Wrap grilled chicken with the Sticky Rice in Seasoned Nori Wrappers . Whisk soy sauce, brown sugar, ginger, and garlic in large bowl. DO AHEAD Can be made 2 hours ahead. Let stand at room temperature. Prepare barbecue (medium-high heat). Add chicken to marinade; t <END>
INPUT: American, em, Crisco® Original No, salted peanuts
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate Chip Peanut Butter Pie | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: Crust:; /em; Crisco® Original No-Stick Cooking Spray; 1 (7.4 oz.) pkg. Martha White® Chocolate Chip Muffin Mix; 1/3 cup salted peanuts, chopped; Filling:; 4 tbsps. butter, softened; 1/2 cup Jif® Creamy Peanut Butter; 1 (3 oz.) package cream cheese; 1/3 cup sugar; 3 tbsps. milk; 2 cups frozen whipped topping, thawed; Topping:; 2 tbsps. Smucker's® Hot Fudge Microwaveable Topping, warmed | INSTRUCTIONS: HEAT oven to 350 degrees F. Coat 9-inch pie plate with no-stick cooking spray. Combine muffin mix, butter and peanuts in large bowl. Blend with fork just until crumbly. Press evenly into bottom and up sides of prepared pie plate. BAKE 12 to 15 minutes or until light golden brown. If crust is slightly puffy, press down gently with back of a wooden spoon. Cool. BEAT peanut butter, cream cheese and sugar in large bowl with electric mixer at medium high speed until smooth. Beat in milk. Gently fold in whipped topping. Spoon into cooled crust. Drizzle warm fudge topping over pie. Chill 3 to 4 hours <END>
INPUT: millet, nonfat milk dairy, garlic, Kosher salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Baked Corn-Chive Millet | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup whole millet; Nonstick cooking spray, for greasing; 2 cups nonfat milk or dairy-free milk; 2 cloves garlic; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 tablespoon cornstarch; 1 1/2 cups corn kernels, thawed if frozen; 1/4 cup Gruyere cheese, plus more for sprinkling, optional; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh chives | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring 2 cups water to a boil in a medium saucepan. Add the millet, and simmer, covered, until the water is absorbed, about 20 minutes. Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Grease an 8-inch square baking dish. Stir together the milk, garlic, 1 1/2 teaspoons salt and 1/4 teaspoon pepper in a small saucepan, and bring to a simmer over medium heat. Mix the cornstarch with 1 tablespoon water, stir the cornstarch slurry into the milk mixture and bring to a slight boil to thicken slightly. Stir in the corn, Gruyere and chives. Place the millet in the prepared baking dish. Pour the corn mixture over it, <END>
INPUT: twist, apple cider, lime juice, Lime wedges, Ice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Bourbon Cider Twist | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 cups apple cider; 8 ounces (1 cup) bourbon; 1/4 cup fresh lime juice; Lime wedges, for garnish; Ice, as needed | INSTRUCTIONS: Add the apple cider, bourbon, and the lime juice to a pitcher and stir. Pour over ice. Serve with a lime wedge. <END>
INPUT: diable, all purpose flour, kosher salt, pepper, eggs, Dijon mustard
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken à la Diable | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup all-purpose flour; 3 teaspoons kosher salt, divided; 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 2 large eggs; 6 tablespoons Dijon mustard; 1/2 teaspoon cayenne pepper; 1 cup fresh white bread crumbs; 4 skinless, boneless chicken breasts, pounded to 1/2" thickness; 3 tablespoons olive oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 375°F. Whisk flour, 2 teaspoons salt, and black pepper in a medium bowl. Beat eggs, Dijon mustard, and cayenne in another medium bowl. Mix the bread-crumbs and remaining 1 teaspoon salt in a third medium bowl. Dredge 1 chicken breast in flour mixture, shaking off excess. Coat with egg mixture, then dredge in breadcrumbs. Transfer to a wire rack. Repeat with remaining chicken. Heat oil in a large ovenproof skillet over medium heat. Add chicken; cook until golden, 2-3 minutes. Flip chicken; transfer to oven. Bake until cooked through, about 12 minutes. Preheat oven to 375°F. Whis <END>
INPUT: American, frittata, olive oil, shallots, bell pepper, oregano, thyme
OUTPUT: TITLE: Goat Cheese and Red Pepper Frittata | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 4 tablespoons olive oil; 2 shallots, finely chopped; 1 small red bell pepper, chopped; 1/2 teaspoon dried oregano; 1/2 teaspoon dried thyme; 1/4 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes; 1/4 teaspoon kosher salt, plus a pinch; 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, plus a pinch; 10 large eggs; 3 tablespoons heavy cream; 1/4 cup freshly grated Parmesan cheese; 4 ounces soft goat cheese, crumbled; 2 tablespoons chopped flat-leaf parsley | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the broiler. Heat 1 tablespoon of the olive oil in large oven-proof nonstick skillet over medium heat. Add the shallots, red pepper, oregano, thyme, red pepper flakes and a pinch each of salt and pepper. Cook, stirring occasionally, until the shallots and peppers are soft, 7 minutes. Transfer to a small bowl and cool; don't wash the skillet. Beat the eggs, heavy cream, 1/4 teaspoon salt and 1/4 teaspoon pepper in a large bowl. Stir in the shallot mixture. Heat the remaining 3 tablespoons olive oil in the nonstick skillet over medium heat. Pour in the egg mixture and spread the vegetabl <END>
INPUT: Italian, pasta, unsalted butter, shallots, fettuccine, heavy cream, truffle butter truffle
OUTPUT: TITLE: Truffle Pasta | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 2 tablespoons shallots, minced; 8 ounces fresh fettuccine; 1/2 to 1 cup heavy cream; 2 tablespoons truffle butter or truffle paste; Truffle shavings, or fresh Truffle | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring salted water to a boil. Meanwhile cook shallots in butter over very low heat or until tender. Add heavy cream and reduce somewhat or until thickened. Cook pasta for 2 minutes or until al dente and add to cream; toss to coat. Whisk in truffle butter or paste into pasta and remove from heat. Season with salt. Serve with truffle shavings or fresh truffle. <END>
INPUT: Italian, tiramisu, container mascarpone cheese, whipping cream, sugar, Chocolate Zabaglione, espresso coffee
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate Tiramisu | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 6 ounces container mascarpone cheese; 2/3 cup whipping cream; 1/2 cup sugar; Chocolate Zabaglione, recipe follows; 2 1/2 cups espresso coffee, warmed; 24 crisp ladyfinger cookies (recommended: Savoiardi); Unsweetened cocoa powder, for garnish; Dark chocolate shavings, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Place the mascarpone cheese in a large bowl and set aside. With an electric mixer, beat the cream and 1/4 cup of the sugar in a medium bowl until soft peaks form. Fold the whipped cream into the mascarpone. Then fold in the chilled Chocolate Zabaglione. Cover and refrigerate. Whisk the warmed espresso and the remaining 1/4 cup of sugar in another medium bowl until blended. Line a 9 1/4 by 5 by 2 3/4-inch metal loaf pan with plastic wrap, allowing the plastic to extend over the sides. Working with 1 cookie at a time, dip 8 cookies into the espresso, and arrange in <END>
INPUT: American, creamed, heavy cream, virgin olive oil, onion, garlic, Salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Creamed Spinach Stuffed Tomatoes | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup heavy cream; 1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil; 1 small onion, finely chopped; 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 boxes chopped frozen spinach, defrosted; A few grates nutmeg; 2 large beefsteak tomatoes; 1/2 cup blue cheese crumbles; Chopped chives, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Place the cream in a small pot and reduce by half by gently simmering 20 minutes. Heat a medium skillet with olive oil over medium heat, add onions and garlic, season with salt and pepper and saute until translucent, 6 to 7 minutes. Drain the spinach by wringing dry in clean kitchen towel. Separate the spinach with your hands and add to onions and garlic. Season spinach with nutmeg then stir in the reduced cream. Adjust flavor with salt and pepper. Preheat broiler. Trim the tops off tomatoes and scoop out the seeds. Stuff tomatoes with creamed spinach and top each with 1/4 cup blue cheese. Bro <END>
INPUT: citrus, vegetables, orange juice, lemon juice, onions, garlic, olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lemon Citrus Cod with Vegetables | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup freshly squeezed orange juice; 1/2 cup freshly squeezed lemon juice; 3 to 4 green onions, thinly sliced; 3 cloves garlic, chopped; 1/2 cup plus 1 tablespoon olive oil; 1/2 teaspoon red pepper flakes; Four 6-ounce pieces cod; 8 ounces string beans, trimmed; 8 ounces cremini mushrooms, thinly sliced; 1/2 sweet onion, cut in half lengthwise and then crosswise into 1/4-inch slices; 1 cup grape tomatoes, halved lengthwise; 2 to 3 tablespoons olive oil; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: For the marinade: In a small bowl, combine the orange juice, lemon juice, green onions, garlic, olive oil and red pepper flakes. For the fish packets: Cut four 12-by-17-inch pieces of aluminum foil; place one piece of fish in the center of each. Sprinkle the fish with salt and pepper. Divide the marinade evenly among the packets (about 1/2 cup for each). In a large bowl, toss the string beans, mushrooms, onions and tomatoes with the olive oil. Season the vegetables with salt and pepper, then divide evenly among the packets. For each packet, fold the foil over at the top to close, and then clos <END>
INPUT: pale leeks, olive oil, boiling potato, chicken broth, water additional soup
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sorrel, Pea, and Leek Soup | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: White and pale green parts of 3 leeks (about 3/4 pound), chopped, washed well, and drained; 1 1/2 tablespoons olive oil; 1 small boiling potato (about 1/4 pound); 1 1/2 cups chicken broth; 1 1/2 cups cold water plus additional to thin soup; 1/2 cup shelled fresh or thawed frozen peas; 1/4 pound sorrel, stems discarded and leaves washed, spun dry, and cut crosswise into thin strips (about 3 cups loosely packed); 1/3 cup sour cream; 1 teaspoon fresh lemon juice, or to taste; Garnish: chopped hard-boiled egg and thin strips of sorrel | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large saucepan cook leeks in oil with salt and pepper to taste over moderately low heat, stirring, until softened. Peel potato and cut into 1-inch cubes. Add potato, broth, and 1 cup water to leeks and simmer, covered, about 10 minutes, or until potato is tender. Stir in peas and simmer, uncovered, about 5 minutes, or until peas are tender. In a blender puree potato mixture with sorrel in 2 batches until very smooth, transferring to a bowl. Whisk in sour cream and remaining 1/2 cup water, adding additional to thin soup to desired consistency. Chill soup, covered, at least 2 hours, and up  <END>
INPUT: gravy, Ham juices, butter, all purpose flour, milk, Salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Ham Gravy | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Ham cooking juices; 1 stick butter; 1/2 cup all-purpose flour, more or less to taste; 4 to 6 cups whole milk; Salt and ground pepper; Biscuits, for serving | INSTRUCTIONS: Into the pan that the ham was cooked in (or use bacon grease if you don't have ham juices), add the butter. Once melted, add 1/4 cup of the flour and whisk to combine. Continue adding flour, whisking constantly, until a smooth paste is achieved. Cook the roux over a medium heat until you get a nice deep golden color, about 3 minutes. Add the milk, whisking the whole time to prevent lumps forming. Cook until thick and season to taste. Serve over biscuits! <END>
INPUT: sicilian, onions, oil cured olives, chiles, bay leaves, orange
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spicy Sicilian Chicken | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 red onions, cut into wedges; 1/3 cup pitted oil-cured black olives; 8 to 12 dried chiles, such as cayenne or arbol, broken in half; 6 bay leaves; 1 orange, halved; 8 skin-on, bone-in chicken thighs (about 2 pounds); 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; Kosher salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Position a rack in the upper third of the oven and preheat to 500 degrees F. Put the onions, olives, chiles and bay leaves on a rimmed baking sheet. Cut 1 orange half into wedges and add to the baking sheet. Evenly space the chicken thighs, skin-side up, on the baking sheet on top of the other ingredients. Drizzle with the olive oil and squeeze the juice from the remaining orange half on top. Season with salt. Roast until the chicken is cooked through and the skin is crisp and golden, 30 to 35 minutes. Discard the bay leaves. Serve the chicken with the onions, olives, oranges and pan juices. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, butter, un waxed lime, Salt pepper, Mango Salsa
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Lobster with Lime Butter and Mango Salsa | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 4 tablespoons softened butter; 1 un-waxed lime, zested; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 large (2 pound, 4 ounces) live lobster, killed (see *Cook's Note below); Mango Salsa, recipe follows; 1 ripe, firm mango, peeled and cut into small dice; 1 red onion, very finely chopped; 1 red finger chile pepper, seeded and finely chopped; 2 heaping tablespoons chopped fresh flat-leaf parsley; 2 heaping tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro leaves; 2 spring onions, very finely sliced; 1 lime, juiced (use the lime juice from the zested lime); 5 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; Salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat a charcoal grill, or if using a barbecue, heat it to the white-heat stage. In a small bowl, combine butter and lime zest. Season, to taste, with salt and pepper. Use a pastry brush to cover the fleshy side of the lobster with the lime butter. Place the lobster flesh side down onto the grill and cook for 4 to 6 minutes on each side. Meanwhile, make the mango salsa. To serve, place one half of the lobster on each plate and serve with spoonfuls of the salsa on the side. In a medium bowl, combine mango, red onion, chile pepper, parsley, cilantro, spring onions, lime juice, and olive oil. Seas <END>
INPUT: olive oil, Dijon mustard, Salt, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Thick Cut Mustard Marinated Pork Chops with Caramelized Red Onions | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 (10 to 12-ounce) bone-in pork chops, cut 1-inch thick; 1/4 cup olive oil; 2 to 3 tablespoons Dijon mustard; Salt; Freshly ground black pepper; Leaves from a few sprigs fresh thyme; 3 tablespoons vegetable oil; 2 medium red onions, thinly sliced; 1 tablespoon honey; 1 tablespoon balsamic vinegar; Kosher salt; Freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Chops: Toss the chops with remaining ingredients and let marinate 1 hour or up to overnight covered in the refrigerated. Bring to room temperature before cooking. Onions: Heat a large 2 burner griddle pan over medium heat for 5 minutes until smoking hot. Cook pork until nicely browned on both sides, about 5 to 6 minutes on each side. While the chops are finishing, heat the vegetable oil over medium-high heat in a large, skillet. Add onions and cook for about 4 minutes. Then drizzle onions with honey and balsamic and cook until softened and lightly caramelized, about 15 minutes. Season with sal <END>
INPUT: Indian, three, cheese, Gruyère, Emmenthal, Doux de Montagne, cornstarch, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Three-Cheese Fondue with Tomato Onion Chutney | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 pound Gruyère, grated coarse (about 2 1/2 cups); 1/2 pound Emmenthal, grated coarse (about 2 1/2 cups); 1/2 pound Doux de Montagne, Havarti, or Vacherin Fribourgeois, grated coarse (about 2 1/2 cups); 2 tablespoons cornstarch; 1 garlic clove, halved; 1 cup dry white wine; 2 teaspoons fresh lemon juice; 2 tablespoons Calvados; 1/3 cup tomato onion chutney; Accompaniments: soft breadsticks with fennel seed; assorted cooked vegetables such as broccoli, cauliflower, carrots, and pearl onions; cooked tortellini or tortelloni | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large bowl toss together well the cheese and the cornstarch. Rub the inside of a heavy saucepan with the garlic, leaving it in the pan, add the wine, 3/4 cup water, and the lemon juice, and boil the mixture for 1 minute. Stir in the cheese mixture gradually and bring the mixture to a simmer over moderate heat, stirring. Stir in the Calvados and simmer the mixture, stirring, for 2 minutes. Transfer the fondue to a fondue pot, swirl in the chutney, and set the fondue pot on its stand over a low flame. Serve the breadsticks, the potatoes, the vegetables, and the tortellini for dipping into t <END>
INPUT: Mexican, vegetable, onions, bell pepper, garlic, jalapeno chile, olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Vegetable and Bean Chili | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2 large onions (1 pound), coarsely chopped; 1 green bell pepper, cut into 1/2-inch pieces; 3 large garlic cloves, finely chopped; 1/2 fresh jalapeno chile, finely chopped (including seeds); 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1 tablespoon chili powder; 1 teaspoon ground cumin; 2 teaspoons salt; 1 (28 ounce) can whole tomatoes, coarsely chopped, with juice; 2 zucchini, cut into 1/2-inch cubes; 2 (15-ounce) cans kidney beans, rinsed; 1 tablespoon chopped semisweet chocolate; 3 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro | INSTRUCTIONS: Saute onions, bell pepper, garlic, and jalapeno in oil in a 4-quart heavy pot over moderately high heat, stirring, until softened, about 5 minutes. Add chili powder, cumin, and salt and cook, stirring, 1 minute. Add tomatoes with juice and zucchini and simmer, partially covered, stirring occasionally, 15 minutes. Stir in beans and chocolate and simmer, stirring occasionally, 5 minutes. Stir in cilantro.; <END>
INPUT: lowfat Romano, lowfat fontina, bottled roasted peppers, lowfat ricotta, ultrathin soppressata
OUTPUT: TITLE: Soppressata Pizza | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 cup grated lowfat Romano; 3/4 cup grated lowfat fontina; 2 cups bottled roasted red peppers; 1 cup lowfat ricotta; 40 ultrathin slices soppressata (or other Italian salami), about 4 oz; 1/4 cup chopped fresh parsley; Grilled Pizza Crust | INSTRUCTIONS: In a bowl, mix Romano and fontina. Make pizza crust. While second side of each crust is grilling, spread 1/8 cheese mixture over cooked side of each crust. Top with 1/8 peppers. Dollop 1/8 cup ricotta over each crust. Arrange 5 slices soppressata on each pizza. Sprinkle each with 1 1/2 tsp parsley. Rotate 3 to 4 minutes until bottom is evenly golden brown. In a bowl, mix Romano and fontina. Make pizza crust. While second side of each crust is grilling, spread 1/8 cheese mixture over cooked side of each crust. Top with 1/8 peppers. Dollop 1/8 cup ricotta over each crust. Arrange 5 slices soppre <END>
INPUT: mustard, honey, jalapeno, virgin olive oil, Mesclun salad greens
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pink Grapefruit and Jicama Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons mustard; 2 tablespoons warm honey; 1 jalapeno, seeded and finely chopped; 1/2 cup extra virgin olive oil; Mesclun salad greens; Freshly ground black pepper; 2 tablespoons sesame seeds; 2 large pink grapefruit; 1/2 pound jicama | INSTRUCTIONS: Peel the grapefruits and remove the individual segments (supreme) with a sharp knife. Place the tip of the knife between the fruit segment and the membranes that separate it from the next segment and cut inward on both sides to remove. Place the fruit into a bowl and save the pulpy membrane, which is full of juice, for the dressing. Peel and julienne the jicama tossing it into the same bowl as the fruit. Discard the pulp and add the mustard to the juice. Whisk in the honey and the jalapeno and slowly whisk in the olive oil. Toss the grapefruit and jicama with half of the dressing. Make a neat  <END>
INPUT: Asian, tiger shrimp, smoked bacon, cornstarch, ginger, egg
OUTPUT: TITLE: Shrimp and Bacon Sesame Toast | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 8 medium black tiger shrimp (about 12 ounces), peeled and deveined; 4 slices smoked bacon (about 4 ounces), excess fat trimmed and discarded; 1 tablespoon cornstarch; 1 tablespoon finely grated peeled ginger; 1 large egg, beaten; 1 large scallion, finely chopped; Dash toasted sesame oil; Dash light soy sauce; Sea salt and freshly ground white pepper; 3 slices firm good-quality white sandwich bread; 1/4 cup white sesame seeds; 3 cups peanut oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Put the shrimp and bacon on a cutting board and using a large, sharp knife, mince them together until very finely chopped and scoop them into a mixing bowl. Add the cornstarch, ginger, egg, scallions, sesame oil, soy, and sprinkle of salt and white pepper and mix until very well combined. Spread the shrimp mixture very thinly over the surface of the bread slices. Evenly sprinkle the sesame seeds over the bread to completely cover the shrimp mixture. Press the shrimp mixture firmly to adhere it to the bread using a large flat spatula or the side of a knife and compress the sesame seeds into the <END>
INPUT: raspberry, shake, picked over raspberries, milk, vanilla ice cream, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Peach-Raspberry Milk Shake | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup picked-over raspberries plus additional for garnish; 1/2 cup milk; 1 pint vanilla ice cream, softened slightly; 1 pound (about 6 small) peaches, peeled, pitted, and chopped; 2 tablespoons sugar, or to taste | INSTRUCTIONS: In a blender purée 1 cup of the raspberries with the milk, strain the purée through a coarse sieve into a glass measure, pressing hard on the solids, and return it to the blender, cleaned. Add the ice cream, the peaches and the sugar, blend the mixture until it is smooth but still thick, and serve the milk shakes garnished with the additional raspberries. In a blender purée 1 cup of the raspberries with the milk, strain the purée through a coarse sieve into a glass measure, pressing hard on the solids, and return it to the blender, cleaned. Add the ice cream, the peaches and the sugar, blend t <END>
INPUT: Indian, tender young beans, boiling water salt, garlic, coriander, olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Green Beans with Coriander and Garlic | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 2 pounds tender young green beans, washed and tipped; 3 quarts boiling water plus 1 1/2 teaspoons salt; 2 large garlic cloves, peeled and minced; 2/3 cup coarsely chopped fresh coriander (the dried won't do); 5 to 6 tablespoons olive oil; 1 tablespoon lemon juice; 3 to 4 tablespoons cider vinegar; 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper (about) | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook the beans in the boiling salted water in a large covered saucepan over moderate heat 10 to 12 minutes until tender. Meanwhile, place the garlic and coriander in a large heat-proof bowl. As soon as the beans are done, drain well, return to moderate heat, and shake the pan 30 to 40 seconds to drive off all excess moisture. Dump the hot beans on top of the garlic and coriander and let stand 10 minutes. Add 5 tablespoons of the olive oil and toss well to mix; cover and marinate in the refrigerator 3 to 4 hours or, better yet, overnight. About 45 minutes before serving, bring the beans from th <END>
INPUT: American, mini shells pasta, milk, butter, Cheddar Jack, processed cheese
OUTPUT: TITLE: Quick Shells and Cheese | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound mini shells pasta; 2 cups whole milk; 1 tablespoon butter; 2 cups grated Cheddar-Jack; 8 ounces processed cheese, such as Velveeta, diced; 1 teaspoon black pepper; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/4 teaspoon seasoned salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Cook the pasta according to the package directions. Heat the milk and butter in a large saucepan over medium heat. Add the cheeses and stir until melted. Stir in the pepper, salt and seasoned salt. Drain the pasta, and stir it into the cheese sauce. Serve immediately. <END>
INPUT: American, salad, vinaigrette, arugula, bibb lettuce, pear, lemon, Maytag other cheese
OUTPUT: TITLE: Arugula Salad with Pear, Blue Cheese and Apricot Vinaigrette | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 bunches arugula, washed and dried, stems trimmed (Look for 5 or 6 ounce sacks of washed and trimmed arugula leaves, available in some markets); 1 head bibb lettuce, torn; 1 ripe pear, thinly sliced; 1/2 lemon, juiced; 8 ounces Maytag or other blue cheese, crumbled; 2 tablespoons white wine vinegar; 1/4 cup apricot all fruit spread, found near jams and jellies (preferred brand Polaner); 1/3 cup extra-virgin olive oil, eyeball the amount; Salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine arugula leaves and bibb lettuce in a salad bowl. Squeeze a little lemon juice over pear slices to keep them from browning. Arrange them on top of lettuces. Top salad with blue cheese crumbles. Combine vinegar and apricot preserves. Stream in oil as you whisk dressing. Pour dressing over salad, season with salt and black pepper, to taste, and serve. <END>
INPUT: breasts, sour, caraway seeds, chicken breast halves, olive oil, slice applewood smoked
OUTPUT: TITLE: Caraway Chicken Breasts with Sweet-and-Sour Red Cabbage | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 teaspoon caraway seeds; 1/2 teaspoon (scant) ground allspice, divided; 2 skinless boneless chicken breast halves; 1 tablespoon olive oil; 1 slice applewood-smoked bacon, cut crosswise into 1/2-inch strips; 3 cups thinly sliced red cabbage; 1/3 cup sliced shallots (about 2 medium); 1/2 cup low-salt chicken broth; 2 1/2 tablespoons balsamic vinegar; 1 tablespoon (packed) brown sugar; Chopped fresh chives (optional) | INSTRUCTIONS: Sprinkle caraway and 1/4 teaspoon allspice on both sides of chicken breasts. Sprinkle with salt and pepper. Heat oil in large nonstick skillet over medium heat. Add bacon; cook until crisp. Transfer to plate. Add chicken to drippings in skillet; sauté until cooked through, about 5 minutes per side. Transfer to plate; tent with foil. Add cabbage, shallots, broth, vinegar, sugar, and 1/4 teaspoon allspice to same skillet; cook over medium-high heat until liquid is reduced to glaze and cabbage is crisp-tender, 6 minutes. Mix in bacon. Season with salt and pepper. Slice chicken; divide chicken and <END>
INPUT: Indian, canapes, curry powder, unsweetened coconut milk, lime juice, salt, bay sea scallops
OUTPUT: TITLE: Coconut Curry Scallop, Kumquat, and Asian Pear Canapes | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 1 teaspoon curry powder; 1 cup canned unsweetened coconut milk*, stirred well; 1/4 cup fresh lime juice, or to taste; 1/2 teaspoon salt, or to taste; 1/2 pound bay or sea scallops; 2 Asian pears**; 8 to 10 kumquats**; about 40 fresh coriander leaves, washed well and spun dry; *available at Asian markets and some specialty foods; **available at specialty produce markets | INSTRUCTIONS: In a heavy 1-quart saucepan stir curry powder into about 1 tablespoon coconut milk until dissolved. Stir in 1 teaspoon lime juice, salt, and remaining coconut milk and simmer over moderately low heat 10 minutes, or until thickened. Remove tough muscle from side of each scallop if necessary. If using sea scallops, cut into 1/2-inch pieces. Add scallops to coconut milk mixture and poach at a bare simmer until just cooked through but still tender, 2 to 3 minutes. Remove pan from heat and cool mixture. Transfer scallops with poaching liquid to a small bowl. Scallops may be poached 1 day ahead and  <END>
INPUT: butter, flour, milk, salt, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cheddar Baked Eggs | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 tablespoons butter; 1/2 cup flour; 1 1/2 cups milk, scalded; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/2 teaspoon ground white pepper; 1/4 teaspoon cayenne; 1 cup grated sharp cheddar cheese; 1/2 cup thinly sliced green onion; 12 eggs | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350 degrees. In a large saute pan over low heat, melt butter. Add flour and cook for 2 to 3 minutes, taking care not to brown the flour. Slowly add hot milk, using a wire whisk to stir. Cook the roux into the milk over low simmer for 3 to 4 minutes, until mixture has thickened. Add the salt, pepper and cayenne. Stir in the cheese and the green onions. Remove from the heat when the cheese has fully melted. Using a large baking dish or individual ramekins, pour the hot sauce into the dish(es). Break the eggs, one at a time, into a small, shallow fruit dish and slide them, one at  <END>
INPUT: all purpose flour, sugar, salt, unsalted butter, ice water
OUTPUT: TITLE: Apple and Prune Tart | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 2/3 cups all-purpose flour; 1 1/2 teaspoons sugar; 3/4 teaspoon salt; 1 1/4 sticks cold unsalted butter, cut into pieces; 4 to 5 tablespoons ice water; 1/3 cup water; 2 tablespoons Calvados; 1 cup packed pitted prunes (7 oz), halved; 1 teaspoon cinnamon; Pinch of ground cloves; 5 tablespoons all-purpose flour; 3/4 cup sugar; 2 pounds tart green apples (5); 1 1/2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 1/2 cup walnut pieces, toasted | INSTRUCTIONS: Make dough: Pulse together flour, sugar, and salt in a food processor. Add butter and pulse until mixture resembles coarse meal. Sprinkle in 4 tablespoons ice water and pulse until pastry starts to hold together, adding remaining tablespoon ice water if needed. Turn dough out onto a very lightly floured surface and knead 4 or 5 times. Form dough into a disk and chill, wrapped in plastic wrap, 30 minutes. Pulse together flour, sugar, and salt in a food processor. Add butter and pulse until mixture resembles coarse meal. Sprinkle in 4 tablespoons ice water and pulse until pastry starts to hold t <END>
INPUT: cheeseburgers, Monterey jack, bacon, chuck, Kosher salt pepper, hamburger buns
OUTPUT: TITLE: Stuffed Bacon Cheeseburgers | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup shredded Monterey jack; 4 slices cooked bacon, chopped; 1 pound ground chuck; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 4 large hamburger buns, split; Ketchup, mayonnaise, and mustard, for serving; Lettuce, sliced tomato, onion, and avocado, for serving | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Combine the jack cheese and chopped bacon in a bowl. Put the beef in another bowl and season with salt and pepper; use a rubber spatula to mix it in. Flatten 1/4 of the meat mixture in the palm of your hand. Squeeze together about a tablespoon of the cheese and bacon mixture to make a little nugget; put it in the center of the ground beef. Bring up the sides of the patty over the filling, making sure the cheese is completely covered by the meat. Flatten slightly for a nice patty shape. Set them side by side on a platter in the refrigerator while preparing the gri <END>
INPUT: Bosc pears, lemon juice, water, wine, honey
OUTPUT: TITLE: Honey-Poached Pears with Brown Sugar Sour Cream | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 firm but ripe large Bosc pears, peeled, halved, and cored; 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 1 cup water; 1/2 cup dry white wine; 5 tablespoons honey; 1/2 vanilla bean, split and scraped, pod reserved; 1/2 small cinnamon stick; 1 cup sour cream; 1 tablespoon brown sugar; 2 teaspoons brandy or dark rum, optional | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large bowl, toss pears with lemon juice. Set aside. In a medium saucepan, combine water, wine, and honey. Add vanilla seeds and pod and cinnamon stick. Stir over medium heat until honey dissolves. Add pears. Cover mixture with round piece of parchment paper. Reduce heat to medium-low. Simmer until pears are just tender when pierced, turning when halfway through cooking, about 15 minutes. Using slotted spoon, transfer pears to large bowl. Boil poaching liquid until reduced to slightly syrupy consistency, about 2 minutes. Cool syrup. Pour syrup over pears. Cover and refrigerate up to 24 hou <END>
INPUT: piece flat beef, Kosher salt, Dijon mustard, ginger
OUTPUT: TITLE: Belgian Ale-Braised Brisket | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 4-pound piece flat-cut beef brisket, untrimmed; Kosher salt; 1/4 cup Dijon mustard; 1/4 cup (packed) dark brown sugar; 1 tablespoon grated peeled ginger; 2 tablespoons bacon fat or vegetable oil; 2 medium yellow onions, thinly sliced; 1/4 cup all-purpose flour; 1 bay leaf; 1 750-milliliter bottle Belgian-style tripel ale; 4 cups beef stock or low-sodium chicken broth | INSTRUCTIONS: Season brisket with salt. Wrap tightly in plastic and chill at least 8 hours. Let brisket sit at room temperature 1 hour. Preheat oven to 400°F. Combine mustard, brown sugar, and ginger in a small bowl. Unwrap brisket, place on a wire rack set inside a large rimmed baking sheet, and rub mustard mixture all over brisket. Roast until top is nicely browned, 30–40 minutes. Remove brisket from oven and reduce oven temperature to 300°F. Meanwhile, heat bacon fat in a large heavy ovenproof pot over medium heat. Add onions; season with salt and cook, stirring often, until deep golden brown, 8–10 minut <END>
INPUT: Asian, SimplyNature Organic Wildflower, Sriracha sauce, reduced sodium soy, ginger, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Honey Sriracha Salmon with Roasted Brussels Sprouts | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons SimplyNature Organic Wildflower Honey; ¼ cup Sriracha sauce; 2 tablespoons reduced sodium soy sauce; 1 teaspoon minced ginger; 1 teaspoon minced garlic; 1 tablespoon lime juice; ¼ cup Carlini Pure Olive Oil; 2 fillets Sea Queen Wild Caught Salmon; 2 cups halved Brussels sprouts, stems removed; ½ teaspoon ground Stonemill Sea Salt Grinder; ¼ teaspoon ground Stonemill Peppercorn Grinder; 1 tablespoon SimplyNature Organic Wildflower Honey; 1 tablespoon Carlini Pure Olive Oil; 2 green onions, sliced | INSTRUCTIONS: For the honey Sriracha salmon: In a medium bowl, whisk together honey, Sriracha sauce, soy sauce, ginger, garlic, lime juice and oil. Add salmon and coat evenly. Marinate for 2 hours in refrigerator. Preheat oven to 425°. Place salmon on a parchment lined baking sheet and pour remaining marinade into a small saucepan. Bake salmon for 10 minutes. Meanwhile, heat marinade on medium heat until it comes to a simmer. Simmer for 5 minutes until thickened. Remove salmon from oven and brush with marinade. Bake for another 5 minutes or until internal temperature reaches 145°. For the roasted Brussels s <END>
INPUT: cannellini beans, mustard, cider vinegar, ginger, dark sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sweet-Baked White Beans with Pork | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 1/4 cups small white or cannellini beans, picked over and soaked overnight; 2 teaspoons dry mustard; 1/4 cup cider vinegar; 1 tablespoon grated fresh ginger; 1/2 cup dark brown sugar, firmly packed; 1 yellow onion, diced; 3 cups chicken stock; 4 ounces salt pork, in one piece; 2 large unsmoked pork hocks; 1 teaspoon salt; 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 1/2 small red onion, very finely diced; 1/2 small bunch flat-leafed parsley, leaves only, coarsely chopped; 2 plum tomatoes, coarsely chopped; 1 teaspoon salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 300 degrees. Drain the soaked beans in a colander and rinse them with cold running water. In a medium heavy casserole, combine the mustard, vinegar, ginger, brown sugar, onion and chicken stock. Whisk together until evenly blended and add the beans. Trim any tough outer skin from the salt pork and pork hocks and add them to the casserole, placing the bacon in the center and 1 hock on either side. Bake in the warm oven for 3 hours, or until the beans have absorbed most of the liquid and the remaining sauce is thick. Stir occasionally to keep the beans evenly moistened, and add u <END>
INPUT: sweet Italian sausages, zucchini, onion, parsley, fine breadcrumbs
OUTPUT: TITLE: Stuffed Peppers | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 pounds sweet Italian sausages, casings removed; 1 1/2 cups coarsely grated zucchini (about 1 large); 1/2 cup finely chopped red onion; 1/3 cup minced fresh parsley; 1/4 cup fine dry breadcrumbs; 1 large egg; 1 teaspoon ground black pepper; 3/4 teaspoon salt; 1/2 teaspoon minced fresh rosemary; 4 medium-size red bell peppers (each about 4 to 6 ounces), halved lengthwise, seeded; Fresh rosemary sprigs | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350°F. Mix first 9 ingredients in large bowl until well blended. Fill pepper halves with sausage mixture, dividing equally and mounding slightly. Arrange in 13 x 9 x 2-inch baking dish. (Can be made 1 day ahead. Cover; chill.) Bake peppers uncovered until tops are browned and thermometer inserted into filling registers 165°F, about 1 hour. Transfer peppers to platter. Garnish with rosemary sprigs and serve. Preheat oven to 350°F. Mix first 9 ingredients in large bowl until well blended. Fill pepper halves with sausage mixture, dividing equally and mounding slightly. Arrange in  <END>
INPUT: olive oil, shallots, garlic, sea bass fillets
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sea Bass with Shallots, Garlic and Marsala | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons olive oil; 6 large shallots, thinly sliced; 3 large garlic cloves, thinly sliced; 1/4 teaspoon (generous) dried crushed red pepper; 4 6- to 8-ounce sea bass fillets; 1/3 cup dry Marsala; 1/3 cup bottled clam juice; 1 teaspoon white wine vinegar; Toasted pine nuts | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 400°F. Heat oil in heavy large ovenproof skillet over medium-high heat. Add shallots, garlic and crushed red pepper and sauté until shallots soften, about 3 minutes. Remove from heat. Let stand 5 minutes. Sprinkle fish with salt and pepper. Add fish to skillet; turn to coat with shallot mixture. Roast fish in oven until just opaque in center, about 10 minutes. Transfer fish to platter; tent loosely with foil to keep warm. Using oven mitt to hold handle, set skillet over medium-high heat. Add Marsala, clam juice and vinegar and boil until sauce is almost reduced to glaze, about  <END>
INPUT: snap, crudites, flat leafed parsley, garlic, salt, mayonnaise, Parmesan
OUTPUT: TITLE: Snap Bean and Radish Crudites with Caesar Mayonnaise | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup packed fresh flat-leafed parsley leaves; 2 teaspoons minced garlic; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 1 cup mayonnaise; 1 cup freshly grated Parmesan (about 3 ounces); 1 teaspoon mashed drained anchovy fillet, or to taste; 3 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; freshly ground black pepper to taste; 1 pound green beans; 1 pound wax beans; 1 pound purple beans*; 6 bunches assorted red and white radishes with tops*; *available at specialty produce markets and some specialty foods shops | INSTRUCTIONS: Make Caesar mayonnaise: Chop parsley and mash garlic to a paste with salt. In a bowl stir together parsley, garlic paste, and remaining mayonnaise ingredients and season with salt if necessary. Mayonnaise may be made 1 week ahead and chilled, covered. Trim beans and have ready a large bowl of ice and cold water. In a large kettle of boiling salted water blanch green beans and wax beans separately 2 minutes, or until colors brighten but beans are still crisp, transferring to ice water to stop cooking. (Do not blanch purple beans or they will lose their color.) Drain beans and pat dry. Beans may <END>
INPUT: American, turkey, sliders, apple cider vinegar, Dijon mustard, olive oil, kosher salt, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cranberry BBQ Sauce Turkey Sliders | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons apple cider vinegar; 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard; 1 teaspoon olive oil; 1/4 teaspoon kosher salt; 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 2 celery ribs, thinly sliced; 1 granny smith apple, cored but not peeled, cut into 2-inch matchsticks; 1 tablespoon extra virgin olive oil; 1 large shallot, diced; 1 clove garlic, minced; 1/2 cup Cranberry Sauce, recipe follows; 1/4 cup ketchup; 2 tablespoons apple cider vinegar; 2 teaspoons Dijon mustard; 2 teaspoons Worcestershire sauce | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. For the sauce: Whisk together the vinegar, mustard, oil, celery, apples, salt and pepper in a large bowl. Set aside while you make the sliders. For the sliders: Heat the oil in a medium saucepan over medium-high heat. Add the shallots and cook until softened, about 5 minutes. Add the garlic and cook until fragrant, about 30 seconds. Stir in the cranberry sauce, ketchup, vinegar, Dijon, Worcestershire, salt and pepper. Bring to a boil, then reduce the heat to low and simmer until the sauce has thickened, about 5 minutes. Turn off the heat and carefully pour the sa <END>
INPUT: Spot prawns, Crabcake mix, hot sour vinaigrette, English cucumbers, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Spot Prawns | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 16 Spot prawns, butterflied, shell on; 2 pounds Crabcake mix ( search crabcake mixture ); 1 quart hot and sour vinaigrette (search Hot and Sour Vinaigrette); 3 English cucumbers, junlianned and seeds removed; 1 red pepper, bruniose; 1 yellow pepper, bruniose; 1 green pepper, bruniose; 1 tablespoon ginger, chopped; 1 teaspoon shallot, chopped; 1 teaspoon garlic, chopped; 2 tablespoons mint, chopped; 2 tablespoons cilantro, chopped; 1 quart Hollandaise ( search Hollandaise sauce ) | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 500 degrees. Stuff 1 tablespoon of crab mixture into each prawn. Place prawns on sheet pan with 2 ounces in water on pan. Cook for approximately 5 minutes. Meanwhile, bring vinaigrette to a boil. Add cucumbers until slightly wilted. Remove from pan and keep warm. Add peppers, ginger, shallot and garlic and reduce sauce slightly. Add mint and cilantro. Place cucumber julienne in center of plate. Add prawns in center. Top each prawn with 1 tablespoon of hollandaise. Finish by spooning vinaigrette around plate. <END>
INPUT: stewed, tapioca, milk, vanilla extract, butter, runny honey
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tapioca with Stewed Apples and Apricots | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup/70 g tapioca (soaked overnight in plenty of water); 1 1/3 cups/350 ml milk; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; 1 tablespoon butter, plus more as needed; 2 tablespoons runny honey, agave nectar, or brown sugar; 12 dried apricots (like the tapioca, soaked overnight, but in about 1 cup/250 ml orange juice); 1 cup/250 ml or so water; 1 cinnamon stick; A few tablespoons of orange juice; 1 tablespoon agave nectar or honey; 2 eating apples, peeled, cored, and sliced | INSTRUCTIONS: Having soaked the tapioca overnight, drain and place it in a saucepan with the milk, vanilla extract, and butter. Bring to a boil, turn to low, and simmer, stirring in the honey, agave, or sugar, for another 10 minutes. Cut your overnight magically plumped apricots into halves or quarters, if desired. In another saucepan, place the water, cinnamon, orange juice, agave or honey, and apples and bring to a boil, giving it a good stir now and then. Simmer for about 10 to 15 minutes, or until the apples are tender. Now, here you can do one of two things. Serve the stewed fruit as is on top of the t <END>
INPUT: scented, pear brandy, vanilla bean
OUTPUT: TITLE: Vanilla Scented Pears | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 can (15 1/4 ounces) sliced pears in honey syrup, drained and syrup reserved (recommended: Del Monte); 2 tablespoons pear brandy; 1 vanilla bean, scraped; 1 (4-pack) vanilla pudding (recommended: Hunt's Snack Pack); 1 package (4 ounces) store bought prepared crepes | INSTRUCTIONS: In a medium saucepan add pear syrup, pear brandy, and vanilla bean. Turn heat to high and reduce pear syrup to a thick consistency, about 10 minutes. Reduce to a simmer and add pear slices. Heat thoroughly. Remove whole vanilla bean. Take 2 crepes and spread pudding evenly between them. Fold crepes into quarters. Top with pears and syrup. Serve warm. <END>
INPUT: Italian, pasta, gratin, unsalted butter, shallots, shiitake other wild, Salt pepper taste, thyme
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pasta Gratin with Four Cheeses and Oven Roasted Tomatoes | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 6 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1/2 cup minced shallots; 1/2 pound shiitake or other wild mushrooms, thinly sliced; Salt and pepper to taste; 1/2 teaspoon dried thyme, crumbled; 1/2 teaspoon dried rosemary, crumbled; 2 tablespoon snipped fresh chives or minced parsley; 6 tablespoons unsalted butter; 3 tablespoons flour; 2 cups milk, heated; 4 ounces grated Italian fontina cheese; 4 ounces grated mozzarella cheese; 4 ounces crumbled gorgonzola cheese; 1 cup freshly grated Parmesan cheese; Freshly ground nutmeg to taste | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. In a skillet melt 3 tablespoons of butter. Add shallot and cook, stirring occasionally for 3 minutes, or until softened. Add the mushrooms, salt and pepper, thyme, and rosemary. Cook, stirring occasionally for 2 minutes more or until the mushrooms are lightly golden. Transfer mixture to a bowl and stir in chives or parsley and set aside. Now make the sauce. In a saucepan set over moderately low heat melt butter, add the flour and cook the mixture, whisking, for 3 minutes. Add milk, bring mixture to a simmer, whisking, and simmer, stirring occasionally for 5 minut <END>
INPUT: Mexican, cincinnati, onions, garlic, vegetable oil, beef chuck, chili powder
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cincinnati-Style Chili | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 3 onions, chopped; 6 garlic cloves, minced; 3 tablespoons vegetable oil; 4 pounds ground beef chuck; 1/3 cup chili powder; 2 tablespoons sweet paprika; 2 teaspoons ground cumin; 1 teaspoon ground coriander; 1 teaspoon ground allspice; 1 teaspoon dried orégano, crumbled; 1/2 teaspoon cayenne; 1/2 teaspoon cinnamon; 1/4 teaspoon ground cloves; 1/4 teaspoon ground mace; 1 bay leaf | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large heavy kettle cook the onions and the garlic in the oil over moderate heat, stirring, until the onions are softened, add the beef, and cook the mixture, stirring and breaking up the lumps, until the beef is no longer pink. Add the chili powder, the paprika, the cumin, the coriander, the allspice, the orégano, the cayenne, the cinnamon, the cloves, and the mace and cook the mixture, stirring, for 1 minute. Add the bay leaf, the water, the tomato sauce, the vinegar, and the molasses and simmer the mixture, uncovered, stirring occasionally and adding more water if necessary to keep the  <END>
INPUT: plums, water, sugar, egg whites, lemon juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Dried Plum Whip | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 pound dried plums (pitted) or jarred dried plum puree; 1 cup water; 1/2 cup sugar; 5 egg whites; 1/2 teaspoon lemon juice; Serving suggestion: whipped cream | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 275 degrees F. Place the dried plums in a saucepan with 1 cup water and cook at a simmer until soft, about 30 minutes. Push the mixture through a strainer to puree. Add the sugar to the puree and cook 5 more minutes or until it is like marmalade. Let cool slightly. Beat the egg whites until stiff peaks, then gradually mix in the puree, and lemon juice. Pour into a buttered casserole or souffle dish and bake for 30 to 45 minutes. Serve warm or cold with whipped cream. <END>
INPUT: American, three, calzone, olive oil additional, crimini, fennel seeds, garlic, oregano
OUTPUT: TITLE: Three-Cheese Mushroom and Spinach Calzone | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon olive oil plus additional for brushing; 1 8-ounce package sliced crimini (baby bella) mushrooms; 3/4 teaspoon fennel seeds; 2 garlic cloves, pressed; 1/2 teaspoon dried oregano; 4 cups (packed) baby spinach; All purpose flour (for sprinkling); 1 pound fresh pizza dough (or one 13.8-ounce tube refrigerated); 5 tablespoons grated Parmesan cheese, divided; 1 1/2 cups grated Fontina cheese, divided; 1/4 cup whole-milk ricotta cheese; 1/4 teaspoon dried crushed red pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 425°F. Heat 1 tablespoon oil in heavy large skillet over medium-high heat. Add mushrooms and fennel seeds; sauté until mushrooms are brown, stirring often, about 5 minutes. Add garlic and oregano; stir 1 minute. Add spinach; stir just until wilted, about 1 minute. Transfer to medium bowl. Season with salt and pepper. Line rimless baking sheet with parchment. Sprinkle paper with flour. Roll out dough on lined baking sheet to 15 x 10-inch rectangle. Sprinkle 3 tablespoons Parmesan crosswise over half of crust, leaving 1-inch plain border. Top with 3/4 cup Fontina, then mushroom m <END>
INPUT: unsalted, Unsalted butter, sugar, high quality bittersweet, high quality raspberry
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate-Raspberry Soufflé | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup unsalted, shelled raw pistachios; Unsalted butter (for ramekins); 1/2 cup sugar, plus more for ramekins; 6 ounces high-quality bittersweet chocolate, chopped; 1/4 cup high-quality raspberry jam or jelly; 1 large egg yolk; 1/4 teaspoon kosher salt, plus more; 6 large egg whites, room temperature; 1/2 cup heavy cream; 4 (6-ounce) ramekins | INSTRUCTIONS: Position rack in center of oven; preheat to 375°F. Toast pistachios on a rimmed baking sheet, tossing once, until fragrant and slightly darkened, 5–6 minutes. Let cool slightly, then coarsely chop. Meanwhile, butter ramekins, making upward strokes up the sides with a pastry brush. Sprinkle with sugar, tilting to coat completely and tapping out any excess. Arrange prepared ramekins on baking sheet. Combine chocolate and jam in a medium heatproof bowl set over a saucepan of barely simmering water (do not let bowl touch water); stir constantly until chocolate is melted and mixture is smooth, 1–2  <END>
INPUT: American, reduced sodium chicken, garlic, thyme
OUTPUT: TITLE: Creamy Cheese Tortellini with Asparagus | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 4 cups reduced-sodium chicken broth; 2 garlic cloves, smashed; 3 large thyme sprigs; 2 (2- by 1-inch) strips lemon zest; 1 (16-to 20-ounces) package refrigerated, frozen, or dried cheese tortellini; 2 teaspoons cornstarch; 2/3 cup heavy cream; 1 bunch asparagus (3/4 pound), trimmed and thinly sliced diagonally; 1/2 cup grated Parmigiano-Reggiano | INSTRUCTIONS: Boil broth with garlic, thyme, zest, and 1/4 teaspoon pepper in a large heavy skillet until reduced to about 1 cup, about 6 minutes. Discard thyme sprigs and zest. Meanwhile, cook tortellini in a pasta pot of boiling salted water (1 1/2 tablespoons salt for 4 quarts water) according to package directions. Drain. Stir cornstarch into cream, then whisk into broth. Bring to a simmer, whisking, then continue to simmer 1 minute. Add asparagus and simmer until crisp-tender, about 2 minutes. Stir in cheese and tortellini and cook, gently stirring, until heated through. Boil broth with garlic, thyme,  <END>
INPUT: American, veggie, burger, unsalted butter, stemmed cremini mushrooms, garlic, Sea salt, flaxseed
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mushroom and Brown Rice Veggie Burger | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 5 cups stemmed and finely chopped cremini mushrooms (about 1 pound); 5 garlic cloves, chopped; Sea salt; 1/4 cup ground flaxseed (flax meal); 1/2 cup freshly grated Parmesan; 1 cup cooked chickpeas, drained well; 3 Medjool dates, pitted; 1/4 cup fresh flat-leaf parsley leaves; 1 egg; 1 teaspoon fennel seeds; 2 1/2 tablespoons tahini; 3 tablespoons tamari or soy sauce; Freshly ground pepper; 2 cups cooked and cooled brown rice | INSTRUCTIONS: Melt butter in a large pan. Add mushrooms, garlic, and a pinch of salt and sauté until mushrooms are softened and excess water has cooked off, 8-10 minutes. Remove from heat. Combine ground flaxseed, Parmesan, chickpeas, dates, parsley, egg, fennel seeds, tahini, tamari, 1/2 teaspoon salt, and 1 teaspoon pepper in a food processor. Pulse to combine well and transfer to a large mixing bowl. Once mushrooms are at room temperature, add them, along with pan juices, to the bowl along with rice and stir to combine. Cover and refrigerate for about 30 minutes or up to 1 day. If the mixture seems too w <END>
INPUT: French, divan, sauce, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Stuffed Chicken Divan with a Sherry Dijon Sauce | CUISINE: French | INGREDIENTS: Cooking spray; 2 cups (4 ounces) fresh broccoli florets; 1/2 cup (2 ounces) grated Gruyere cheese; 1 clove garlic, finely chopped; 4 (6 to 8-ounce) boneless skinless chicken breast halves; 2 teaspoons olive oil; 2 teaspoons chopped fresh thyme; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 cup low-fat evaporated milk; 1/2 cup low-sodium chicken broth; 1/4 cup dry sherry; 1 1/2 teaspoon cornstarch; 2 tablespoons grated Parmesan cheese; 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the broiler. Mist a shallow rectangular baking dish with cooking spray. Bring a medium pot of salted water to a boil. Add the broccoli and cook until bright green and crisp tender, about 5 minutes. Drain well and run under cold water until cold. Drain well again and squeeze dry in paper towels. Chop the broccoli and toss in a bowl with the Gruyere and garlic. Insert a paring knife into the thickest part of each chicken breast to make a 3-inch deep pocket. Stuff each chicken breast with equal amounts of the broccoli mixture. Rub both sides of the chicken breasts with oil and thyme and s <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, parsley, olive oil, ice water, lemon juice, racks lamb
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lamb with Sausage-Mint Couscous and Parsley Jus | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 1 large bunch parsley, stems trimmed; 8 tablespoons olive oil; 6 tablespoons ice water; 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice; 2 2-pound racks of lamb, boned, trimmed; 1 1/2 teaspoons ground cumin; 7 ounces smoked andouille sausage or hot links, coarsely chopped; 1 1/2 cups chicken stock or canned low-salt chicken broth; 1/2 teaspoon curry powder; 1 cup couscous; 3 tablespoons chopped fresh mint | INSTRUCTIONS: Blanch parsley in large pot of boiling salted water for 30 seconds. Drain. Transfer to bowl of ice water and cool. Drain well. Place parsley, 6 tablespoons oil and 6 tablespoons ice water in blender; purée until well blended. Strain into small bowl, pressing on solids to extract as much liquid as possible. Mix in lemon juice. Season with salt and pepper. (Parsley jus can be made 1 day ahead. Cover; chill. Let stand 1 hour at room temperature before serving.) Preheat oven to 400°F. Sprinkle lamb with cumin, salt and pepper. Heat remaining 2 tablespoons oil in large ovenproof skillet over high h <END>
INPUT: bread, all purpose flour, raisins, wheat flour, baking soda
OUTPUT: TITLE: Persimmon Bread | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup (1 stick) unsalted butter plus more for pan; 3/4 cup all-purpose flour plus more for pan; 1/2 cup raisins; 3/4 cup whole wheat flour; 1 teaspoon baking soda; 1 teaspoon kosher salt; 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 4 large, very ripe Hachiya persimmons; 1/3 cup buttermilk; 2 tablespoons finely grated orange zest; 1 cup sugar; 2 large eggs | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350°F. Butter and flour a 9x5x3" loaf pan. Tap out excess flour. Combine raisins and 2 tablespoons hot water in a small heatproof bowl. Let steep for 20 minutes to plump raisins (or microwave for 15 seconds). In a medium bowl, whisk together 3/4 cup all-purpose flour, whole wheat flour, baking soda, salt, and cinnamon. Set aside. Scoop persimmon flesh from skins into a blender. Purée until smooth. Transfer 1 cup purée to a medium bowl (reserve any remaining purée for another use). Whisk in buttermilk and orange zest. Set aside. Using an electric mixer, beat 1/2 cup butter in a  <END>
INPUT: fashioned, bourbon, amarena maraschino cherry, dashes Angostura bitters, orange, amarena cherries
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cherry Old-Fashioned | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 ounces bourbon; 1 ounce amarena or maraschino cherry juice; 4 dashes Angostura bitters; 2 orange slices, for garnish; 2 amarena cherries, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Divide the bourbon, cherry juice and bitters between 2 rocks glasses and stir. Add some ice and garnish with an orange slice and a cherry. Serve immediately. <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, chilled, seafood, hearts palm, cherry tomatoes, olives, shrimp
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chilled Seafood Salad with Herbed Olive Oil and Sea Salt | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 1 can hearts of palm; 2 pints cherry tomatoes; 1/2 cup black olives; 1/2 cup green olives; 3 pounds medium shrimp, cooked, shelled, leaving tail connected; 3/4 cup coarsely chopped fresh flat -- leafed parsley leaves (wash and dry before chopping); 1/2 cup chopped fresh chives (wash and dry before chopping); 1 tablespoon chopped fresh rosemary leaves; 3/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 1/4 cup lemon juice; Coarse sea salt to taste plus additional for serving; 2 lemons, sliced thin for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine all ingredients.; In a bowl combine herbs, lemon juice and salt. Whisk in extra-virgin oil. Toss with seafood salad.; <END>
INPUT: American, cranberry, eggs, vanilla extract, whipping cream, unsalted butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Apricot, Cranberry and Walnut Pie | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup (packed) golden brown sugar; 2 large eggs; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; 1/4 cup whipping cream; 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted; 3/4 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 1 1/2 cups coarsely chopped walnuts; 1 1/2 cups dried apricots (about 8 ounces), cut into 1/2-inch pieces; 1 cup dried cranberries; epi:recipeLink id="102546"/epi:recipeLink<; Additional dried apricots, dried cranberries and walnuts (for garnish) | INSTRUCTIONS: Position rack in center of oven and preheat to 375°F. Whisk brown sugar, eggs and vanilla extract in large bowl to blend. Whisk in cream, melted butter, cinnamon and salt. Stir in chopped walnuts, apricot pieces and 1 cup cranberries. Transfer filling to prepared crust. Bake until filling is set and crust is golden, tenting pie with foil if crust browns too quickly, about 1 hour. Transfer pie to rack; cool pie completely. (Can be prepared 1 day ahead. Cover pie and store at room temperature.) Garnish pie with additional dried apricots, cranberries and walnuts. Serve pie at room temperature. Po <END>
INPUT: Italian, pepper flakes, Parmesan, virgin olive oil, sweet Italian sausage, Kosher salt taste
OUTPUT: TITLE: Orecchiette with Broccoli Rabe and Sausage | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, or to taste; Shaved Parmesan, for garnish; 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1 pound sweet Italian sausage; Kosher salt to taste, plus 1 1/2 teaspoons; 2 pounds broccoli rabe, stems trimmed; 1 pound orecchiette pasta; 4 cloves garlic, sliced | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. Heat oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Add sausage, and cook, turning occasionally until browned, about 10 minutes. Remove sausage to a plate and reserve pan and sausage drippings. 2. Meanwhile, bring a large pot of cold water to a boil over high heat. Add a large pinch of salt and broccoli rabe and cook, uncovered, until broccoli rabe is bright green and tender but still slightly crisp, about 5 minutes. Immediately transfer broccoli rabe using tongs to a colander (reserve boiling water) and rinse under cold running water. Chop into bite-sized pieces and set aside. 3. Add pasta to re <END>
INPUT: Italian, scampi, linguine, olive oil, garlic, onion, pepper flakes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Shrimp Scampi with Linguine | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 8 ounces linguine; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 4 cloves garlic, minced; 1/2 onion, minced; 2 teaspoons red pepper flakes, or to taste; 1 pound shrimp, peeled and divided; 2/3 cup white wine; 3 tablespoons fresh parsley, minced | INSTRUCTIONS: Prepare linguine according to directions on package. In large skillet heat olive oil. Add garlic, onion, and red pepper and saute until soft. Add shrimp and cook until firm, about 5 minutes. Remove shrimp. Add wine to skillet and bring to a simmer. Add parsley. Let simmer gently. Drain pasta and toss with sauce. Serve; <END>
INPUT: American, burgers, unsalted butter, all purpose flour, mustard powder, beer, half half
OUTPUT: TITLE: Beer-Cheese Burgers | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 2 tablespoons all-purpose flour; 1/4 teaspoon mustard powder; 3/4 cup beer; 1/2 cup half-and-half; 6 ounces grated sharp yellow cheddar cheese; 1 tablespoon horseradish; 1 1/2 pounds ground beef, preferably chuck; Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper; Vegetable oil, for the grill; 4 poppy seed rolls, split; Tomato slices, for topping; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh chives | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat a grill to medium high. Melt the butter in a medium saucepan over medium heat. Add the flour and mustard powder and cook, stirring, 3 minutes. Whisk in the beer and bring to a simmer; whisk in the half-and-half until smooth. Return the sauce to a simmer and cook, whisking occasionally, until thickened, 3 to 4 minutes. Stir in the cheese and horseradish until smooth; keep warm. Form the beef into four 6-ounce patties, about 3/4 inch thick; press the center of each patty with your thumb to make a 1/2-inch-deep indentation. Season the patties on both sides with salt and pepper. Lightly br <END>
INPUT: Mexican, checkerboards, all purpose flour, salt, unsalted butter, cream cheese, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lime Checkerboards | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2 1/2 cups all-purpose flour, plus more for dusting; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 1 1/2 sticks unsalted butter, at room temperature; 3 ounces cream cheese, at room temperature; 1 1/4 cups sugar; 1 large egg; Finely grated zest of 1 lime; 1/2 teaspoon lime extract or lemon-lime extract (optional); Green food coloring | INSTRUCTIONS: Whisk the flour and salt in a bowl. Beat the butter, cream cheese and sugar in a large bowl with a mixer on medium speed until fluffy, 3 minutes. Beat in the egg, lime zest and extract. Reduce the mixer speed to low; beat in the flour mixture. Transfer half of the dough to a separate bowl; tint with food coloring. Dust the dough with flour; roll out each color separately on floured parchment into a 1/4-inch-thick rectangle. Freeze until firm, 15 minutes. Trim each piece into a 4 1/2-by-7 1/2-inch rectangle, reserving the scraps. Cut each rectangle lengthwise into nine 1/2-inch-wide strips. Lay <END>
INPUT: American, chocolate chips, sugar, all purpose flour, salt, eggs
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate Buttermilk Pie | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cups chocolate chips; 1 1/2 cups sugar; 1/4 cup all-purpose flour; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 6 eggs; 1 cup buttermilk; 1 1/2 tablespoons vanilla extract; 1 pre-made store-bought (9-inch) deep dish pie crust; Pre-made whipped cream, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 325 degrees F. Position a rack in the center of the oven. Place the chocolate chips in a double boiler and melt over low heat, stirring constantly. In a medium bowl, whisk together the sugar, flour, and salt until well combined. In a large mixing bowl, combine the eggs, buttermilk, and vanilla. Add the sugar mixture and mix with an electric hand mixer or whisk vigorously. With a rubber spatula, stir the melted chocolate into the batter. Pour batter into the piecrust; you will have about 1 cup of left-over batter. Place pie in oven on middle rack. Bake for 1 hour and 15 minutes  <END>
INPUT: Vegetable oil, hazelnuts, rosemary, coarse kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sweet and Spicy Rosemary Hazelnuts | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Vegetable oil; 4 cups hazelnuts, toasted, husked; 1 cup (packed) dark brown sugar; 1/3 cup coarsely chopped fresh rosemary; 1 tablespoon coarse kosher salt; 5 dashes of hot pepper sauce | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350°F. Brush 13x9x2-inch baking pan and large rimmed baking sheet generously with oil. Mix hazelnuts, brown sugar, rosemary, salt, and hot pepper sauce in large bowl to blend. Transfer to prepared baking pan. Bake until sugar melts and coats nuts, stirring every 5 minutes, about 20 minutes. Transfer to prepared baking sheet. Cool completely. Break hazelnuts apart and store in airtight container at room temperature. (Can be made 5 days ahead.) Preheat oven to 350°F. Brush 13x9x2-inch baking pan and large rimmed baking sheet generously with oil. Mix hazelnuts, brown sugar, rosema <END>
INPUT: Sherry, raisins, olive oil, almonds, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Swiss Chard with Raisins and Almonds | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup dry Sherry; 1/2 cup raisins; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1/2 cup sliced almonds; 4 garlic cloves, thinly sliced; 4 bunches Swiss chard, center ribs and stems removed, leaves cut into 2" pieces (about 16 cups); 1 Fresno chile or red jalapeño, seeded, thinly sliced; 1 tablespoon finely grated lemon zest; 2 teaspoons (or more) fresh lemon juice; Kosher salt, freshly ground pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring Sherry and raisins to a simmer in a small saucepan. Remove from heat; let cool. Heat oil in a large heavy pot over medium-high heat. Add almonds and cook, stirring frequently, until just beginning to brown, about 2 minutes. Add garlic and cook, stirring, until fragrant but not browned, about 1 minute more. Add chard by handfuls to pot, tossing to wilt between additions, and cook until tender, about 4 minutes. Add raisins with soaking liquid, chile, lemon zest, and 2 teaspoons lemon juice. Season with salt, pepper, and more lemon juice, if desired, and toss to combine. Bring Sherry and ra <END>
INPUT: wrapped, asparagus spears, olive oil, Kosher salt pepper, prosciutto
OUTPUT: TITLE: Prosciutto Wrapped Asparagus | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound large asparagus spears; 2 tablespoons olive oil; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 8 thin slices prosciutto, sliced in half | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the grill to medium-high heat. Trim the asparagus ends and put them on a sheet pan. Add the olive oil and sprinkle with salt and pepper, to taste. Toss to coat. Grill the asparagus until tender, rotating on all sides, for about 5 to 10 minutes. Remove them from the grill to a platter. When cool enough to handle, wrap each asparagus with 1 piece (about 1/2 a slice) of prosciutto. Serve immediately or at room temperature. <END>
INPUT: slaw, apple cider vinegar, Brussels sprouts, mayonnaise, buttermilk, lemon juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Brussels Sprouts Slaw | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup apple cider vinegar; 12 ounces shaved Brussels sprouts (about 3 cups); 1/4 cup mayonnaise; 2 tablespoons buttermilk; 4 teaspoons lemon juice; 1 tablespoon sugar; 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard; 1/2 teaspoon celery salt; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat a large skillet or saucepan over medium heat and add the vinegar. When it begins to simmer, add the Brussels sprouts. Cook until the sprouts are just soft, about 5 minutes, then remove from the heat. In a large bowl, combine the mayonnaise, buttermilk, lemon juice, sugar, mustard, celery salt, 1/4 teaspoon salt and a dash of pepper. Whisk until blended and smooth. Add the Brussels sprouts and toss to coat. Refrigerate at least 4 hours, preferably overnight. <END>
INPUT: pinwheels, all purpose flour, baking powder, salt, granulated sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cinnamon Pinwheels | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups all-purpose flour, plus more for dusting; 1/2 teaspoon baking powder; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 1 1/2 sticks (12 tablespoons) unsalted butter, at room temperature; 2/3 cup granulated sugar; 1 large egg; 1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract; 1/4 teaspoon cinnamon extract (optional); 1 teaspoon unsweetened cocoa powder; 3/4 teaspoon red food coloring; 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1 tablespoon sanding sugar (clear or red), plus more for coating | INSTRUCTIONS: Whisk the flour, baking powder and salt in a medium bowl. Beat the butter and granulated sugar in a large bowl with a mixer on medium-high speed until light and fluffy, 3 to 5 minutes. Beat in the egg and vanilla until incorporated. Reduce the mixer speed to low; add the flour mixture and beat until just combined. Remove half of the dough and wrap in plastic wrap. Add the cinnamon extract, cocoa powder and food coloring to the remaining dough and beat until incorporated; wrap in plastic wrap. Refrigerate both pieces of dough until firm, about 1 hour. Dust the dough with flour and roll out each <END>
INPUT: cacciatore, super, starchy potatoes, Salt, virgin olive oil, butter, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Chicken Thighs Cacciatore with Super Smashed Garlic Potatoes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 large starchy potatoes, such as Idaho; Salt; 1/2 cup plus 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 2 tablespoons butter; 6 cloves garlic, chopped, divided; 4 scallions, chopped; 2 tablespoons balsamic vinegar, eyeball it; 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce, eyeball it; 1 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, 1/3 palm full; 3 tablespoons fresh rosemary, 4 to 5 sprigs, stripped and leaves chopped; 4 large portobello mushroom caps, wiped clean with damp towel; 1 1/2 pounds, 6 pieces or 1 package, boneless, skinless chicken thighs; Coarse black pepper; 2 cubanelle (Italian light green peppers), seeded and thinly sliced; 1 medium red onion, thinly sliced | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Heat a grill pan or outdoor grill to high heat. Peel up the taters and cut them into small chunks. Place potatoes in a pot and cover with cold water. Cover the pot and bring up to a boil over high heat. Uncover, add salt to season up the potatoes and cook until tender, about 15 minutes. In a small pot over medium low heat and add vegetable oil, about 1 tablespoon – just eyeball it. Add 2 tablespoons butter in small pieces. When butter melts into oil, add 4 cloves of chopped garlic. Saute garlic 1 to 2 minutes, then add scallions and remove pan from heat and reser <END>
INPUT: turnovers, unsalted butter, shallots, cultivated mushrooms, thyme, sherry
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mushroom Turnovers | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, plus 4 tablespoons; 2 medium shallots, minced; 10 ounces cultivated white mushrooms, finely chopped; 2 teaspoons finely chopped fresh thyme, or 1 teaspoon dried; 1/4 cup dry sherry; 1/4 cup sour cream; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 egg, for making egg wash; Paprika; 16 slices very fresh thinly-sliced home-style bread, crusts removed | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat 4 tablespoons of the butter in a large skillet over medium heat. Add the shallots and cook, stirring often, until softened, 3 to 5 minutes. Stir in the mushrooms and cook, stirring often, until all the liquid has evaporated. Add the thyme and the sherry. Increase the heat to medium-high and cook until the mixture is almost dry. Remove the skillet from the heat. Transfer to medium bowl, cool slightly, stir in the sour cream, and season with salt, pepper, and paprika, to taste. Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Melt the remaining 4 tablespoons of butter. Roll out bread between two pieces of wa <END>
INPUT: Asian, soup, dashi, lemongrass, julienned galangal ginger, cilantro leaves, habanero pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Catfish Soup | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups dashi; 2 tablespoons thinly sliced lemongrass; 1 tablespoon julienned galangal or ginger; 1 tablespoon cilantro leaves; 1 habanero pepper, seeds removed and thinly sliced; 1/4 cup fish sauce; 1/4 cup freshly squeezed lime juice; 1 pound US farm-raised catfish fillets, cut into 1-inch pieces; 14 ounces coconut milk | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Bring the dashi to a simmer in a 4-quart saucepan over medium heat. Add the lemongrass, galangal, cilantro, habanero, fish sauce and lime juice and bring the liquid to a simmer. Add the catfish and the coconut milk and cook until the fish is just cooked through, about 4 to 5 minutes. Remove from the heat, ladle into soup bowls and serve immediately. <END>
INPUT: puree, butternut squash, onion, gingerroot, unsalted butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Butternut Squash Puree | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 butternut squash (about 2 1/4 pounds); 1 onion, sliced (about 3/4 cup); 3 tablespoons coarsely grated fresh gingerroot; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter | INSTRUCTIONS: Cut the squash in half lengthwise and scoop out and discard the seeds. Bake the squash, cut side down, on a lightly oiled baking sheet in a preheated 400 degree F oven for 40 minutes or until it is tender. When it is cool enough to handle, scoop out all the pulp. While the squash is baking, in a skillet cook the onion and the gingerroot in the butter over low heat, stirring, until the onion is softened. Puree the onion mixture with the squash pulp in a food processor and add salt and pepper to taste.; <END>
INPUT: cakes, Dungeness crabmeat, sourdough bread crumbs, egg, mayonnaise, sambal
OUTPUT: TITLE: Crab Cakes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 12 ounces Dungeness crabmeat, cooked; 5 ounces fresh sourdough bread crumbs; 1 egg white; 2 tablespoons mayonnaise; 1/2 tablespoon sambal; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh chives; 1 lemon, juiced; Salt and pepper, to taste; 3 tablespoons vegetable oil; 1 bunch arugula, washed and trimmed; Brown Butter-Tomao Vinaigrette, recipe follows; 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, divided; 1 shallot, minced; 2 bay leaves; 4 tomatoes, peeled, seeded and chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: In a mixing bowl, combine the crab meat with the bread crumbs. Add the egg white, mayonnaise, sambal, chives, and lemon juice. Season with salt and pepper. Fold the ingredients gently but thoroughly, taking care not to mash the crabmeat. Shape the mixture into 4 uniform patties; they should be moist and just hold together. Coat a skillet with vegetable oil and place over medium heat. Fry the crab cakes until browned, about 4 minutes each side. Serve immediately on a bed of arugula with Brown Butter-Tomato Vinaigrette. Melt 2 tablespoons butter in a skillet over medium heat. When foam subsides, <END>
INPUT: Italian, virgin olive oil, onion, garlic, Japanese eggplant
OUTPUT: TITLE: Rigatoni with Creamy Eggplant and Mozzarella | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 1/2 medium yellow onion, finely chopped (about 1/2 cup); 4 medium garlic cloves, thinly sliced (about 1 tablespoon); 2 medium Japanese eggplant, medium dice (about 4 cups); 1 (15-ounce) container crushed tomatoes; 1/4 cup heavy cream; 1/2 cup loosely packed thinly sliced fresh basil leaves; 1 pound rigatoni or penne rigate; 8 ounces buffalo mozzarella, small dice | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Bring a large pot of heavily salted water to a boil over high heat. Meanwhile, heat oil in a large frying pan over medium-high heat. When it shimmers, add the onion and garlic and cook until just softened. Add eggplant, stir to coat in oil, then let cook, stirring rarely, until softened and golden brown, about 5 to 7 minutes. Remove half eggplant mixture and reserve. Meanwhile, add the pasta to the boiling water and cook according to the package instructions. Reduce heat to medium-low, add the tomatoes, cream, and half the basil, and let simmer, stirring occasion <END>
INPUT: oven, kale, virgin olive oil, Salt, lime, Parmesan wedge
OUTPUT: TITLE: Crispy Oven-Roasted Kale | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 bunches kale, thick stems and ribs removed, leaves coarsely chopped; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; Salt; 1/2 a lime; Parmesan wedge | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 250 degrees F. In a large bowl, toss the kale with the olive oil and a few pinches of salt. Spread out the kale on a large baking sheet; the kale can be piled up a bit. Bake until a little crispy on the edges but still tender, about 20 minutes. Remove the kale from the oven. Squeeze lime juice over the top, grate some Parmesan and serve warm. <END>
INPUT: fromage, Roma tomatoes, Kosher salt, pepper, Garlic powder, Parmesan
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tomato Fromage | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 Roma tomatoes; Kosher salt; Freshly ground black pepper; Garlic powder; 1/4 cup grated Parmesan | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Cut the tops and a very thin piece off the bottom of the tomatoes and stand them up close together on a small sheet pan or pie tin. Sprinkle liberally with salt, pepper, and garlic powder. Carefully pile high the Parmesan cheese on top of each tomato. Bake for about 12 minutes, or until cheese starts to turn golden brown. Remove from oven and serve as a vegetable and a garnish. Hint: Cook the tomato fromage in the oven with your entree for the last 10 to 12 minutes of cooking so that they are done together. <END>
INPUT: Indian, spiced, sweet paprika, cumin, coriander, Kosher salt pepper, pork chops
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spiced Pork Chops with Maple-Braised Greens | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 2 teaspoons sweet paprika; 2 teaspoons ground cumin; 1 teaspoon ground coriander; Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper; 4 bone-in pork chops (1 inch thick; about 6 ounces each); 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1 onion, sliced; 1 5-ounce package mixed hearty greens (such as kale, spinach and/or collards; about 5 cups); 1/4 cup pure maple syrup; 2 15-ounce cans small white beans, drained and rinsed; 2 tablespoons tomato paste; 2 tablespoons apple cider vinegar | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine the paprika, cumin, coriander, 3/4 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of pepper in a small bowl. Season the pork chops all over with 1 tablespoon of the spice mixture; set aside the remaining spice mixture. Heat 2 tablespoons olive oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Add the pork chops and cook until browned on both sides, about 3 minutes; remove to a plate. Reduce the heat to medium and add the remaining 1 tablespoon olive oil to the skillet. Stir in the onion and greens. Cook, stirring occasionally, until the onion starts softening and the greens wilt, about 4 minutes. Sprinkle <END>
INPUT: memphis, Ice, Whiskey, soda, Sweet iced tea, Lemon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Memphis Iced Tea | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Ice; Whiskey; 1 can soda; Sweet iced tea; Lemon slices, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Fill 4 tall glasses with ice cubes. To each glass add a shot of whiskey, a spritz of soda and top with sweet iced tea. Stir to combine and garnish with a lemon slice. <END>
INPUT: crescents, fine salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Vanilla Crescents | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup (110 grams) all-purpose flour; 1/2 cup (40 grams) hazelnut flour; Pinch fine salt; 7 tablespoons (100 grams) unsalted butter, softened; 3 tablespoons (40 grams) granulated sugar; 1 vanilla bean; 1 large egg yolk; Confectioners' sugar, for dusting | INSTRUCTIONS: In a small bowl, mix together the all-purpose flour, hazelnut flour and salt. Beat the butter and granulated sugar with an electric mixer on medium-high speed until creamy. Split the vanilla bean, scrape out the seeds using the back of a thin knife and add to the butter with the egg yolk. Beat until combined. Gradually mix in the flour mixture until just combined. Roll the batter into a 12-inch log, wrap in plastic wrap and chill for 1 hour. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line 2 baking sheets with parchment paper. Cut the log into 18 pieces and roll each piece into a crescent shape. Put th <END>
INPUT: pierogi, cream cheese, egg, salt, water, potatoes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Potato Pierogi | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 pound cream cheese; 1 egg; 3/4-ounce salt; 2 cups warm water; 5 pounds potatoes, peeled and boiled; 2 onions, chopped and sauteed; 1/2 pound cream cheese; 1/4-ounce paprika; 1-ounce garlic powder; 1 1/2 ounces salt; 1/4-ounce black pepper; 2 tablespoons butter; 1 onion, chopped; 2 1/2 pounds all-purpose flour | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large mixing bowl mix the flour, cream cheese, egg, salt, and water. Turn onto a lightly floured surface and knead until the dough is soft and even. Place the cooked potatoes in another large mixing bowl and mash. Add sauteed onions, cream cheese, paprika, garlic powder, salt, and pepper. Mix until texture is solid and not runny. Roll dough approximately 1/8-inch thick. Cut into round shapes, approximately 3 1/2-inches in diameter. Add a small amount of potato filling to the center of a disk. Fold in half to form a half-moon shape. Seal and pinch ends tightly. Bring a large pot of water t <END>
INPUT: Italian, chicken, Kosher salt, Filippo Berio® Virgin, onion, celery
OUTPUT: TITLE: Garlic Chicken | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 3 1/2 to 4 pound chicken, cut into serving pieces; Kosher salt; 1/4 cup Filippo Berio® Extra Virgin Olive Oil; 1 medium onion, chopped; 4 celery stalks, chopped; 2 medium carrots, chopped; 2 tablespoons fresh parsley, chopped; 2 heads garlic, separated into unpeeled cloves (about 25 cloves); 1/4 cup dry white wine; 1/4 cup water; 1/2 teaspoon dried thyme; 1/2 teaspoon dried basil; 1/2 teaspoon dried rosemary; 1/2 teaspoon dried oregano; Serving suggestion: prepared rice | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Season chicken with salt. In a large heavy skillet, heat olive oil over medium heat and saute chicken for about 15 minutes or until lightly browned. Place onion, celery, carrots, and parsley in the bottom of a large ovenproof casserole. Layer chicken over vegetables. Tuck garlic cloves between chicken pieces. Pour wine and water over chicken. Sprinkle with thyme, basil, rosemary, and oregano. Cover casserole and bake for 1 1/2 hours. Don't lift the cover until cooking time is complete. Skin chicken before eating. Serve with prepared rice. Recipe provided by Low C <END>
INPUT: ganache, ways, good bittersweet chocolate, heavy cream, coffee granules
OUTPUT: TITLE: Bittersweet Chocolate Ganache - 2 Ways | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 8 ounces good bittersweet chocolate; 1/2 cup heavy cream; 1/2 teaspoon instant coffee granules | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. To make the ganache, place the chocolate, heavy cream and instant coffee granules in a heat-proof bowl over a pot of simmering water. Melt the chocolate until it's just melted and stir it until it's smooth. For whipped ganache, allow the ganache to cool completely and then put it in the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with a whisk attachment and mix on high speed until it is a very light. <END>
INPUT: American, filling, eggs, sugar, flour, dark corn syrup, pure vanilla extract
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pecan Pie Filling | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 6 eggs; 1/2 cup sugar; 1/2 cup flour; 4 cups dark corn syrup; 1 1/2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract; 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt; 2 cups chopped pecans; Pie Crust, recipe follows; 1 cup unsalted butter; 1 cup solid vegetable shortening; 4 cups cake flour; 2 cups all-purpose flour; 1/2 cup sugar; 3 teaspoons kosher salt; 1/4 to 1/2 cup cold water | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. Beat the eggs until well combined and light in color, about 5 minutes. Mix the sugar and flour together and gradually add to the eggs using low speed. Add the corn syrup, vanilla and salt and blend well, again using low speed. Fold the nuts in by hand and pour the mixture into the prepared pie crusts. Bake at 400 degrees F for 10 minutes and then reduce the heat to 350 degrees F. and bake for 1 hour longer. The pie will rise up and form cracks on the top, and the filling will be set when baking is complete. Remove pie and let it cool before cutting. Combine the b <END>
INPUT: Asian, relish, shiitakes, onion, mixed olives, shallots, soy sauce
OUTPUT: TITLE: Seared Scallops with Caper, Shiitake and Green Onion Relish | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1 ounce shiitakes, sliced; 1 tablespoon thinly sliced green onion; 1 tablespoon minced mixed olives; 1 teaspoon thinly sliced shallots; 1 teaspoon soy sauce; 1/3 teaspoon chopped capers; 1/3 teaspoon minced garlic; 1/3 teaspoon red pepper chile flakes; 1/3 teaspoon mirin; 1/3 teaspoon sesame oil; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 6 ounces scallops (U/10 or 16/20), cleaned; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 tablespoon grapeseed oil; 1 tablespoon unsalted butter | INSTRUCTIONS: For the caper, shiitake and green onion relish: Combine the shiitakes, green onions, olives, shallots, soy sauce, capers, garlic, chile flakes, mirin and sesame oil in a bowl and refrigerate overnight. When you are ready to cook, remove the relish from the refrigerator and bring it to room temperature, 20 to 30 minutes. Adjust the seasoning with salt and pepper. For the seared scallops: Score the scallops on one side with 4 small cuts in a hashtag pattern (#). Place the scallops on a towel and dry both sides. Heat the grapeseed oil in a skillet over high heat. Season the scallops with salt and <END>
INPUT: Asian, crisps, Vegetable oil, wonton wrappers, soy sauce, ginger, cilantro leaves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Big Eye Tuna on Wonton Crisps with Papaya Daikon Relish | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: Vegetable oil; 8 wonton wrappers; 1 cup soy sauce; 1 teaspoon ground ginger; 1 tablespoon chopped cilantro leaves; 1 tablespoon chopped green onion; 1 pound ahi tuna; Papaya Daikon Relish, recipe follows; 1/4 cup papaya, minced; 1/4 cup daikon, minced; 2 tsp scallion, thinly sliced on the bias; 1/2 teaspoon lime juice; 1/2 teaspoon freshly grated ginger; 2 dashes fish sauce; Pinch salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Pour vegetable oil into a medium saucepan until 1-inch deep and place the pan over medium heat. Let the oil heat for about 3 minutes. As the oil heats, cut each wonton wrapper into 4 equally square pieces. Very carefully drop the squares into the hot oil 1 at a time, working in batches of 4 at a time. The wontons will bubble up and turn golden brown very quickly. Remove them with a slotted spoon to a piece of paper towel and repeat the process until all of the wontons are fried. The wontons may be fried 1 day in advance and stored in an airtight container. Pour the soy sauce into a large bowl  <END>
INPUT: cake, honey, canola corn oil, pureed baby food, egg substitute egg, vanilla extract
OUTPUT: TITLE: Carrot Cake | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup honey; 2 tablespoons canola or corn oil; 1 4-ounce jar pureed baby-food carrots; 1/4 cup egg substitute or 2 large egg whites; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; 2 cups shredded carrots; 1 cup all-purpose flour; 1 cup whole-wheat flour; 1/4 cup fat-free dry milk; 2 teaspoons baking powder; 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1/8 teaspoon ground nutmeg; 2 cups frozen fat-free whipped topping, thawed in refrigerator; 1/2 teaspoon ground nutmeg or cinnamon | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350°F. Lightly spray a 13 x 9 x 2-inch baking pan with cooking spray. Set aside. In a medium bowl, stir together the honey and oil until smooth. Stir in the baby-food carrots, egg substitute, and vanilla. Stir in the shredded carrots. In a large bowl, stir together the remaining cake ingredients. Stir in the carrot mixture. Pour into the baking pan, gently smoothing at the top. Bake for 25 minutes, or until a wooden toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean. Let cool on a cooling rack before slicing. In a small bowl, stir together the topping ingredients .Top each sl <END>
INPUT: soup, olive oil, mushrooms, scallions, chicken broth, potatoes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mushroom Caraway Soup | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon olive oil; One 10-ounce package mushrooms, sliced; 3 scallions; 4 cups chicken broth; 3 medium red potatoes, scrubbed and cut into 1 inch chunks; 1/2 cup dry white wine; 1 teaspoon dried thyme leaves, crumbled; 1 teaspoon caraway seeds, crushed; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 1/4 cup half-and-half | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large nonstick saucepan or Dutch oven, heat the oil. Saute the mushrooms and scallions until the mushroom liquid evaporates, about ten minutes. Stir in the broth, potatoes, wine, thyme, caraway seeds and salt; bring to a boil. Reduce the heat and simmer, partially covered, until the potatoes are tender, about twenty minutes. Transfer to a blender and remove the knob in the lid, puree. Return the soup to the saucepan; bring back through a boil. Remove from the heat and stir in the half-and-half. Serve immediately. <END>
INPUT: parcel, water, sugar, lemons, powdered sugar, lemon leaves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lemon and Veal Parcel | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 ounces water; 4 ounces sugar; 7 lemons; 1 ounce powdered sugar; 4 lemon leaves; 1 pound veal fillet; 4 basil leaves; 1 pound sliced parma ham; 8 ounces ground pork meat; 8 ounces zucchini; 8 ounces eggplant; 8 ounces potatoes; 8 ounces mixed bell peppers; 8 ounces cherry tomatoes; 2 ounces olive oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 200 degrees F. Lemon preparations: Combine the water and sugar in a pot, and bring to a boil. Remove the skin from 6 lemons and add to pot. Cook lemon peels for 10 minutes. Slice the other lemon with a slicing machine to make the thin lemon chips. Boil these lemon chips for 10 seconds and cool in ice water. Place the slices on a sheet of foil, and sprinkle powder sugar on top. Bake slices in a 200 degree F oven for 1 hour. To prepare the lemon leaves, simply fry the lemon leaves for 1 minutes. With the 6 peeled lemons, remove the segments using a knife. Veal preparations: Prehe <END>
INPUT: Mexican, cada, casserole, enchilada, olive oil, Vidalia other sweet, Kosher salt pepper, tomato paste
OUTPUT: TITLE: "Una De Cada" Enchilada Casserole | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: For the enchilada sauce:; 1 tablespoon olive oil; 1/2 cup finely chopped Vidalia or other sweet onion; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 tablespoons tomato paste; 1 clove garlic, grated on a rasp or finely minced; 1 teaspoon ground cumin; 1/2 teaspoon dried thyme; 1 28-ounce can crushed tomatoes; 3/4 cup beef broth; For the beef layer:; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1/2 cup finely chopped green bell pepper; 1/2 cup finely chopped red bell pepper; Kosher salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Make the enchilada sauce: In a medium pot over medium heat, combine the oil, onion, a pinch of salt and a few grinds of pepper. Cook until the onion is tender, about 6 minutes. Raise the heat to medium high and add the tomato paste; stir with a wooden spoon and cook until it deepens in color, 3 minutes. Add the garlic, cumin and thyme. Cook, stirring, until combined and fragrant, about 1 minute, then add the crushed tomatoes and beef broth. Bring to a boil, then reduce to a simmer and cook, covered, for 20 minutes. Cover and keep warm over low heat. Cook the beef: Preheat the oven to 350 degre <END>
INPUT: hollandaise, asparagus, virgin olive oil, kosher salt, pepper, egg yolk
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Asparagus with Hollandaise | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound medium asparagus; 1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil; 1/4 teaspoon kosher salt; Freshly ground black pepper; 1 large egg yolk; 1 1/2 teaspoons freshly squeezed lemon juice; Pinch cayenne pepper; 4 tablespoons unsalted butter (1/2 stick); 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 450 degrees F. Trim the woody ends from the asparagus. Spread the spears in a single layer in a shallow roasting pan baking sheet, drizzle with olive oil, sprinkle with salt, and roll to coat thoroughly. Roast the asparagus until lightly browned and tender, about 10 minutes, giving the pan a good shake about halfway through. Meanwhile, put the egg yolk, lemon juice, and cayenne in a blender. Pulse a couple times to combine. Put the butter in a small microwave proof bowl and heat in a microwave until just melted. With the blender running, gradually add the melted butter into the <END>
INPUT: tart, all purpose flour, almonds, sugar, fine salt, unsalted butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate Apricot Tart | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup all-purpose flour; 1/2 cup raw whole peeled almonds; 3 tablespoons sugar; 1/4 teaspoon fine salt; 1 stick cold unsalted butter, cut into 1/2-inch pieces; 2 tablespoons vodka; 1 cup dried apricots (about 7 ounces); 1/4 cup brandy or cognac; 4 ounces bittersweet chocolate, finely chopped; 4 ounces good quality semisweet chocolate, finely chopped; 1 cup half-and-half; 3 large egg yolks; 1/4 cup sugar; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1 teaspoon pure vanilla paste or extract | INSTRUCTIONS: For the crust: Combine the flour, almonds, sugar and salt in a food processor and blend until the nuts are finely ground. Add the butter and pulse until the mixture resembles a coarse meal. Pour in the vodka and 1 tablespoon water and pulse until the dough just comes together in a soft dough. Turn the dough out onto a piece of plastic wrap, press it into a disc and refrigerate until slightly firm, about 20 minutes. Turn the dough out into a 9-inch tart pan with a removable bottom. Top with a piece of plastic wrap and press the dough out evenly through the plastic wrap on the bottom and up the  <END>
INPUT: American, platter, French Camembert, Rondin herbs, Montagnolo
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cheese Platter | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: French Camembert, Le Chevrot (a sharp goat cheese); Rondin with herbs (a creamy goat cheese); Montagnolo (a creamy blue cheese) | INSTRUCTIONS: Go to the best cheese shop in town and ask the person at the counter which cheeses are ready to serve. Taste everything; they expect you to. We all know that the Brie may look terrific, but it can be underripe and tough or overripe and ammoniated. You want only the freshest cheeses that are perfectly ripened. Take them home, refrigerate them, and then bring them to room temperature a few hours before serving. Second, be sure to have a platter or wooden board that is flat and large enough to hold the cheeses without crowding them. Arrange the cheeses with the cut sides facing out, and with seve <END>
INPUT: Asian, carrots, mushrooms, Kosher salt, ramen noodles, baby bok choy, sesame oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Quick Pork Ramen With Carrots, Zucchini, and Bok Choy | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1 ounce dried mushrooms (preferably shiitake or porcini); Kosher salt; 16 ounces fresh or 10 ounces dried ramen noodles; 2 small heads baby bok choy, quartered lengthwise; 1 tablespoon toasted sesame oil, plus more; 1 pound ground pork; 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 4 scallions, thinly sliced, divided; 3 tablespoons white or yellow miso paste; 6 cups homemade chicken stock or low-sodium chicken broth; 2 tablespoons low-sodium soy sauce; 2 teaspoons Sriracha, plus more for serving; 1 medium carrot; 1 medium zucchini; 4 large soft-boiled eggs (optional) | INSTRUCTIONS: Place mushrooms in a medium bowl and cover with hot water. Let sit until ready to use. Pour 10 cups hot water into a medium pot. Season generously with salt, cover, and bring to a boil. Cook noodles according to package directions, adding bok choy during the last minute of cooking. Drain noodles and bok choy; rinse with cold water. Meanwhile, heat 1 Tbsp. oil in a large pot over high. Add pork, 3/4 tsp. salt, and 1/2 tsp. pepper and cook, stirring and breaking up meat slightly, 3 minutes. Add half of the scallions and cook, stirring occasionally, until pork is just cooked through, about 3 minu <END>
INPUT: Mexican, salsa, grouper fillets, Olive oil, corn, Creole tomato, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Grouper Fillets with Creole Salsa | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 4 to 6 grouper fillets; Olive oil; 1 ear corn, roasted with 1 tablespoon oil; 1 cup finely diced Creole tomato; 1/2 cup finely diced red onion; 1/4 cup thinly sliced pickled okra; 1 teaspoon minced garlic; 1/4 teaspoon red pepper flakes; 1/4 cup olive oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Slice roasted corn off cob into pan over heated grill. Add Creole tomato, red onion, pickled okra, garlic, red pepper and olive oil. Stir occasionally until okra and onions are slightly soft, about 3 minutes. Preheat grill. Brush grouper with olive oil and grill until cooked through. Place on serving plates and spoon salsa on top of grouper. <END>
INPUT: soup, plum tomatoes, garlic, pure olive oil, Salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Oven-Roasted Tomato and Garlic Soup | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 plum tomatoes, halved lengthwise; 2 garlic cloves, minced; 2 tablespoons pure olive oil; Salt and freshly ground pepper; 1 cup pure olive oil; 8 garlic cloves, peeled and sliced paper thin; 2 tablespoons pure olive oil; 1 medium Spanish onion, chopped; 1/2 cup white wine; 4 cups chicken stock; 2 cups canned plum tomatoes; 6 roasted garlic cloves; Oven roasted tomatoes; 2 tablespoons fresh thyme leaves; 1 tablespoon honey | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 200 degrees F. Place the tomatoes cut-side up on a baking sheet. Combine the garlic and olive oil and brush the tomatoes with it, then season to taste with the salt and pepper. Roast until dried and soft, about 8 hours. Heat oil in a medium skillet until the oil begins to simmer. Add the garlic and cook until the slices begin to brown and curl. Remove with a slotted spoon and drain on paper towels. Heat the olive oil in a large saucepan over medium-high heat until it begins to smoke and saute the onions until golden. Add the wine, raise the heat to high, and reduce until almost <END>
INPUT: omelets, olive oil, pastrami, parmesan, eggs
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pastrami Spinach Omelets | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 5 tablespoons olive oil; 2 (5-oz) bags baby spinach; 1/4 lb thinly sliced pastrami, coarsely chopped (3/4 cup); 1 oz finely grated parmesan (1/2 cup); 12 large eggs; 1 teaspoon salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat 1 tablespoon oil in a 12-inch heavy skillet over moderate heat until hot but not smoking. Add spinach all at once and cook, stirring, until wilted, about 3 minutes. Transfer to a colander and drain, pressing lightly. Toss spinach with pastrami, 1/4 cup cheese, and salt and pepper to taste in a bowl. Whisk together 3 eggs and 1/4 teaspoon salt in a bowl until blended. Heat 1 tablespoon oil in an 8-inch nonstick skillet over moderate heat until hot but not smoking. Add whisked eggs and cook, lifting up cooked egg around edge occasionally to let raw egg flow underneath, until omelet is set b <END>
INPUT: pancakes, jicama, Juice lemon, onion, egg, all purpose flour
OUTPUT: TITLE: Jicama Pancakes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cups shredded jicama (see Note); Juice of I lemon; 2 tablespoons grated onion; I large egg, beaten; I tablespoon all-purpose flour; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1 teaspoon minced habanero chile; 1 russet potato, peeled; 3 tablespoons vegetable oil, or as needed | INSTRUCTIONS: Toss the jicama in a colander with the lemon juice and let sit for 15 minutes. Using your hands, squeeze as much water as you possibly can out of the jicama, a handful at a time. Spread on a doubled layer of paper towels and blot with more paper towels. In a large bowl, toss the jicama with the onion, egg, flour, salt, and chili. Toss well to be sure the chile is evenly distributed in the mixture. Grate the potato into the bowl on the largest hole of the grater and toss again. In a large cast-iron skillet, heat I tablespoon of the oil over medium-high heat until very hot. Form the mixture into <END>
INPUT: bisque, shrimp, bay leaves, carrots, celery
OUTPUT: TITLE: Shrimp Bisque | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 tablespoons (1/2 stick) unsalted butter, divided; 1 1/2 pound medium shrimp (about 45), peeled, deveined, shells reserved; 2 bay leaves, divided; 2 carrots, peeled, chopped; 2 celery stalks, chopped; 1 medium onion, chopped; 1/2 cup brandy; 1/4 cup long-grain white rice; 2 tablespoons tomato paste; 3 sprigs fresh flat-leaf parsley; 3 sprigs fresh thyme; 1/4 teaspoon (or more) cayenne pepper; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1/2 cup heavy whipping cream; 3 tablespoons fresh lemon juice | INSTRUCTIONS: Melt 1 tablespoon butter in a large heavy pot over medium-high heat. Add shrimp shells and cook, stirring frequently, until they begin to brown, about 5 minutes. Add 1 bay leaf and 8 cups water. Simmer uncovered for 25 minutes. Set a fine-mesh strainer over a large bowl. Strain, discarding solids. DO AHEAD: Shrimp stock can be made 3 days ahead. Let cool slightly; chill uncovered until cold, then cover and keep chilled. Melt 1 tablespoon butter in a large heavy pot over medium heat. Add shrimp and cook, stirring occasionally, until just opaque in center, 3-4 minutes. Transfer shrimp to a plate <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, salad, shrimp, oregano, pepper flakes, garlic, Zest juice lemon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Shrimp, Watermelon and Feta Salad | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound large peeled and deveined shrimp, tails removed; 2 teaspoons dried oregano; 1/4 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes; 2 large cloves garlic, 1 grated, 1 halved; Zest and juice of 1 lemon; 1/2 cup extra-virgin olive oil, plus more for oiling the grill grates; 1/2 medium watermelon (about 3 pounds), rind removed, cut into 1-inch cubes (about 6 cups), chilled; 1 garden cucumber (about 8 ounces), peeled, quartered lengthwise and cut into 1-inch pieces; One 4-ounce block feta, cut into 1/4-inch cubes; 1/2 cup pitted kalamata olives, halved; 1/2 cup fresh mint leaves, torn into large pieces, optional; 1/2 baguette; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Special equipment: Four 12-inch wooden skewers Put the shrimp in a large resealable plastic bag. Add the oregano, crushed red pepper, grated garlic, lemon zest and juice and 2 tablespoons of the olive oil. Seal the bag tightly and use your hands to lightly massage the marinade into the shrimp. Marinate for 15 minutes at room temperature. Prepare a grill or grill pan for high heat; lightly oil the grill grates or pan. Soak the skewers in cold water. Put the watermelon and cucumber in a mixing bowl. Put the feta and olives on top. If using the mint, scatter most of <END>
INPUT: American, pastitsio, salt, virgin olive oil, braised veal shanks, short tubular pasta
OUTPUT: TITLE: Eggplant and Veal Pastitsio | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 (1 1/4-lb) eggplant, trimmed and cut into 1-inch pieces; 1 teaspoon salt; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 6 cups chopped braised veal shanks with sauce, reheated to warm; 3 cups short tubular pasta (about 10 oz) such as cellentani; 3 cups whole milk; 1 large garlic clove, smashed; 3 tablespoons unsalted butter; 3 tablespoons all-purpose flour; 7 oz crumbled feta (1 1/2 cups); 3 large eggs, lightly beaten; Special equipment: a 3- to 3 1/2-qt (13- by 9-inch) shallow baking dish or casserole | INSTRUCTIONS: Roast eggplant: Put oven rack in middle position and preheat oven to 425°F. Toss eggplant with salt in a colander set over a bowl and let drain 30 minutes. Rinse eggplant, then squeeze handfuls of it to extract bitter liquid. Toss eggplant with oil in a bowl, then spread in 1 layer in a large shallow baking pan. Roast, stirring once, until tender and lightly browned, about 25 minutes. Stir into meat mixture and spread in baking dish. Put oven rack in middle position and preheat oven to 425°F. Toss eggplant with salt in a colander set over a bowl and let drain 30 minutes. Rinse eggplant, then s <END>
INPUT: fritters, carrot, scallion, egg, fine bread crumbs, vegetable oil deep
OUTPUT: TITLE: Carrot Scallion Fritters | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 cup coarsely grated carrot; 1/2 cup thinly sliced scallion; 1 large egg, beaten lightly; 1/3 cup fine dry bread crumbs; vegetable oil for deep-frying | INSTRUCTIONS: In a bowl combine well the carrot, the scallion, the egg, the bread crumbs, and salt and pepper to taste. In a large skillet heat 1 inch of the oil until it registers 375°F on a deep-fat thermometer, in batches drop the carrot mixture into the oil by tablespoons, and fry the fritters for 1 1/2 to 2 minutes, or until they are golden. Transfer the fritters to paper towels and let them drain. Serve the fritters as hors d' oeuvres or as a side dish. In a bowl combine well the carrot, the scallion, the egg, the bread crumbs, and salt and pepper to taste. In a large skillet heat 1 inch of the oil un <END>
INPUT: tomales, atop, shelling beans, bay leaf, olive oil, onions, thyme
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tomales Bay Mussels atop Big Beans Crowned with a dollop of Garlic Mayonnaise | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 pounds fresh shelling beans, see Cook's Note below; 1 bay leaf; 1/4 cup plus 1 tablespoon olive oil; 2 large yellow onions, chopped; 15 sprigs thyme, leaves picked; 2 tomatoes, chopped; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 1/2 pound cleaned mussels; Pinch crushed red pepper; 1 lemon, sliced; 1/4 cup dry white wine; Toasted bread crumbs and chopped parsley, for garnish; Garlic mayonnaise as an accompaniment, recipe follows; 30 cloves garlic, peeled; 1 cup cream | INSTRUCTIONS: Shell the beans. Rinse them then put them in a saucepan. Cover with water, add the bay leaf and bring to a simmer over medium heat. When the beans are tender, remove them from the heat and drain them. Meanwhile, heat 1/4 cup of olive in a large skillet over medium heat. Add the onions and thyme and cook until the onions are soft, about 15 minutes. Add the tomatoes; cook for 1 to 2 minutes then stir the mixture into the warm beans. Season the beans with salt and pepper. Heat the remaining tablespoon of olive oil in large pot over medium high. Add the mussels, crushed red pepper, a slice of lemo <END>
INPUT: soup, olive oil, garlic, escarole, Salt, low salt chicken
OUTPUT: TITLE: Escarole and Bean Soup | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons olive oil; 2 garlic cloves, chopped; 1 pound escarole, chopped; Salt; 4 cups low-salt chicken broth; 1 (15-ounce) can cannellini beans, drained and rinsed; 1 (1-ounce) piece Parmesan; Freshly ground black pepper; 6 teaspoons extra-virgin olive oil; Serving suggestion: crusty bread | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Heat 2 tablespoons of olive oil in a heavy large pot over medium heat. Add the garlic and saute until fragrant, about 15 seconds. Add the escarole and saute until wilted, about 2 minutes. Add a pinch of salt. Add the chicken broth, beans, and Parmesan cheese. Cover and simmer until the beans are heated through, about 5 minutes. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Ladle the soup into 6 bowls. Drizzle 1 teaspoon extra-virgin olive oil over each. Serve with crusty bread. <END>
INPUT: bratwursts, bottles lager beer, onion, garlic, piece ginger, caraway seeds
OUTPUT: TITLE: Beer Bratwursts | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 12-ounce bottles lager beer; 1 large onion, cut into wedges; 4 cloves garlic, smashed; 1 2-inch piece ginger, thinly sliced; 1 teaspoon caraway seeds; 2 bay leaves; 2 whole cloves; 6 to 8 links fresh bratwurst (about 2 1/2 pounds); 4 tablespoons unsalted butter; 6 to 8 sub rolls or Italian-bread segments; Whole-grain mustard, for serving; Assorted toppings, for serving (below) | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine 6 cups water, the beer, onion, garlic, ginger, caraway seeds, bay leaves and cloves in a large pot over medium-high heat; bring to a gentle simmer and cook 10 minutes. Add the bratwursts, return to a simmer and cook until almost done (the meat should still be slightly pink in the center), about 15 minutes. Remove from the heat and let the bratwursts cool completely in the cooking liquid, about 1 hour. Preheat a grill to medium high. Transfer 2 cups of the cooking liquid to a small saucepan over medium heat. Add the butter and bring to a boil; cook until the butter melts, about 1 minute <END>
INPUT: frittata, mint, Parmesan, olive oil, Coarse sea salt, asparagus spears
OUTPUT: TITLE: Asparagus and Mint Frittata | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 small bunch fresh mint, leaves picked and finely chopped; 1/2 cup freshly grated Parmesan; 2 tablespoons olive oil; Coarse sea salt; 8 thin asparagus spears, tough ends trimmed; Freshly ground black pepper; 8 large eggs | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 500 degrees F. Bring a large stockpot of water to a boil. Add a pinch of salt and asparagus. Blanch until asparagus is bright green and tender, about 3 minutes. Remove from heat, drain, and set aside. Season well with salt and pepper. Break eggs into a bowl, and lightly beat with a whisk or fork. Season with salt and pepper. Add 1/2 of the chopped mint and a heaping tablespoon of Parmesan. Stir to combine. Heat 1 tablespoon olive oil over medium heat in each of 2 (10-inch) ovenproof nonstick skillets. (Note: This recipe can also be prepared in 1 (12-inch) nonstick skillet; foll <END>
INPUT: punch, Two bottles sparkling, orange juice, cranberry juice, Vodka, oranges
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sparkling Apple Cider Punch | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Two 750-ml bottles sparkling apple cider; 3 cups orange juice; 2 cups cranberry juice; Vodka, optional; 2 oranges, sliced into rounds | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. In a pitcher or punch bowl, stir together the sparkling cider, orange juice, cranberry juice and some vodka if using. Float the orange rounds on top. Serve chilled over ice. <END>
INPUT: Italian, cheesy, Kosher salt, virgin olive oil, carrot, zucchini, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cheesy Stuffed Shells | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: Kosher salt; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1/2 cup grated carrot; 1/2 cup grated zucchini; 1 small onion, finely chopped; 1/2 cup chopped celery; 3 cloves garlic, minced; 1 teaspoon dried basil; 1 teaspoon dried oregano; 2 tablespoons tomato paste; 1 28-ounce can crushed tomatoes; Freshly ground pepper; 1 12-ounce box jumbo pasta shells; 8 ounces silken tofu, mashed; 1 10-ounce box frozen chopped spinach, thawed and squeezed dry | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Make the sauce: Heat the olive oil in a medium saucepan over medium heat. Add the carrot, zucchini, onion and celery and saute until soft but not brown, 5 minutes. Add the garlic and cook for 5 minutes, stirring occasionally. Add the basil, oregano, tomato paste, crushed tomatoes and 2 cups water. Bring to a boil, then reduce the heat and simmer for 15 minutes. Season with salt and pepper. Meanwhile, prepare the shells: Add the pasta to the boiling water and cook for 8 minutes; drain. Mix the tofu, spinach, cottage <END>
INPUT: granita, Prosecco, Champagne vinegar, shallot, salt, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Oysters with Prosecco Granita | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups Prosecco; 1/2 cup Champagne vinegar; 1 shallot, finely chopped; 1 tablespoon salt; 1 tablespoon sugar; 1/2 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes; 2 cups rock salt for plating (optional); 12 oysters, freshest and your favorite variety or a mix- whatever you like | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Combine all of the ingredients, except the oysters, in a small saucepan and bring to a simmer over medium heat. Stir until all of the sugar and salt have dissolved. Pour the mixture into a wide flat dish and put it in the freezer. As the mixture begins freeze, drag a fork through it to break up the ice crystals. Repeat this process every 15 minutes or so until the mixture is completely frozen. When done it will look like ice shards, kind of slushy but a bit more frozen. Scrub the outside of the oysters to remove any sand and grit. If using, spread the rock salt o <END>
INPUT: vegetable, unsalted butter, garlic, heavy cream, bay leaves, celery root
OUTPUT: TITLE: Root Vegetable One-Dish | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, plus more for baking dish; 3 cloves garlic, chopped; 3 cups heavy cream; 2 bay leaves; 1 small celery root (about 12 ounces), peeled and thinly sliced; 2 medium parsnips (about 10 ounces), peeled and thinly sliced; 1 pound sweet potatoes, peeled and thinly sliced; 1 medium rutabaga (about 12 ounces), peeled and thinly sliced; 1 pound Yukon gold potatoes, thinly sliced; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh sage leaves; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh thyme; Kosher salt; Freshly ground black pepper; 8 ounces medium-sharp yellow Cheddar cheese, grated; 3/4 cup (3 ounces) grated Parmesan cheese | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Butter a lasagna pan or other 4-quart baking dish. In a medium saucepan, melt the butter over medium heat. Add the garlic and cook until sizzling, about 1 minute, then pour in the cream and add the bay leaves. Bring to a simmer and remove from the heat. Toss all of the root vegetables with the sage and thyme in a large bowl and season well with salt and pepper. Layer half of the vegetables in the prepared dish. Sprinkle with half of both cheeses. Layer the remaining vegetables on top. Remove the bay leaves from the hot cream and pour the cream over the vegeta <END>
INPUT: pavlova, superfine sugar, cornstarch, fine sea salt, hibiscus flowers, egg whites
OUTPUT: TITLE: Hibiscus Pavlova with Lemon-Hibiscus Cream | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup plus 2 teaspoons superfine sugar, divided; 2 teaspoons cornstarch; 1/8 teaspoon fine sea salt; 6 tablespoons dried hibiscus flowers (available at natural food stores, Latin or Middle Eastern markets, or online) or 7 hibiscus tea bags; 3 large egg whites, room temperature; 1/4 teaspoon cream of tartar or 3/4 teaspoon distilled white vinegar; 2 tablespoons dried hibiscus flowers or 2 hibiscus tea bags; 1/4 cup superfine sugar; 1 cup cold heavy cream; 3 tablespoons homemade or store-bought lemon curd; 2 tablespoons sour cream; Pinch of fine sea salt | INSTRUCTIONS: For the meringue: Preheat oven to 250°F. Line a rimmed baking sheet with parchment paper. In a small bowl, whisk together 2 tsp. superfine sugar, cornstarch, and salt, breaking up any lumps; set aside. Grind flowers or tea leaves (cut open bags, remove tea, and discard bags) in a spice mill or food processor until very finely ground; set aside. Using an electric mixer fitted with a whisk attachment, beat egg whites and cream of tartar or vinegar on medium-high speed until the mixture transforms from frothy soapsuds to soft, opaque peaks, about 3 minutes. You should see tracks from the whisk on <END>
INPUT: kentucky, rice, unsalted butter, onion, pepper, celery, pecans
OUTPUT: TITLE: Kentucky Red Beans and Rice Topped with Crispy Country Ham | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 5 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1 medium onion, small diced (about 2 cups); 1 red pepper, small diced (about 1 cup); 2 stalks celery, small diced (about 1 cup); 1/4 cup chopped pecans; 1 tablespoon Cajun/Creole seasoning; 2 teaspoons garlic powder; 1 teaspoon ground thyme; 1 teaspoon ground white pepper; 2 dried bay leaves; 1 pound kidney beans, soaked for 24 hours; 1 tablespoon hot sauce; 1 teaspoon liquid smoke; Kosher salt and coarsely ground black pepper; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. For the beans: Melt the butter in a large Dutch oven over medium heat. Once it is melted, add the onions, pepper and celery and saute until tender, about 5 minutes. Add the pecans and saute until they are dark brown, 2 to 3 minutes more. Add the Cajun/Creole seasoning, garlic powder, ground thyme, white pepper and bay leaves. Stir to coat. Add the beans and 8 cups of water. Cover and cook over medium heat until the beans are just about to be al dente, 75 to 90 minutes. Uncover, stir in the hot sauce and liquid smoke and cook until the sauce thickens, the beans ar <END>
INPUT: Asian, alaskan, kosher salt, pepper, very halibut fillets, grapeseed oil, Salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pan Seared Alaskan Halibut with Ponzu, Lemongrass Sauce, and Lemon Rice Pilaf | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon kosher salt; 2 tablespoons coarsely ground black pepper; 4 very fresh halibut fillets, skinless, about 6 ounces each; 2 tablespoons grapeseed oil; Salt and pepper; 1 tomato, diced; 2 tablespoons chopped chives; 1 tablespoon lemon juice; 2 tablespoons ponzu; 1 shallot, minced; 1/2 cup grapeseed oil; 4 cups watercress, washed and picked; Salt and pepper; Lemon Rice Pilaf, recipe follows; Lemongrass Sauce, recipe follows | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine the salt and pepper on a plate large enough to accommodate the fillets. Dip the halibut in the salt and pepper. Heat a large skillet over high heat. Add the oil and swirl to coat the pan. When the oil shimmers, add the halibut and sear, 4 to 6 minutes per side, until brown. In a medium bowl, whisk together the lemon juice, ponzu, shallot, and grapeseed oil. Toss the vinaigrette with the watercress and season, to taste, with the salt and pepper. Plating: Place a ring mold on each plate and fill with the rice. Remove the ring and place an even amount of salad on top of each rice mold. La <END>
INPUT: chops, Two racks lamb, Kosher salt pepper, olive oil, rosemary, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Lamb Chops | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Two 1-pound racks lamb, frenched; Kosher salt and cracked black pepper; 1/3 cup plus 1 tablespoon olive oil, plus more for searing; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh rosemary; 6 cloves garlic, 4 peeled and smashed, 2 finely chopped; Juice of 1 lemon; 3 tablespoons Dijon mustard; 2 tablespoons honey; 1/3 cup panko breadcrumbs; 1/3 cup grated Parmesan; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley; 1 tablespoon thinly sliced fresh chives | INSTRUCTIONS: Sprinkle the lamb with salt and pepper and place in a gallon-size zip-top bag. Whisk 1/3 cup of the olive oil, the rosemary, smashed garlic, lemon juice and some salt and pepper together in a measuring cup. Pour the marinade into the bag with the lamb. Let sit at room temperature for at least 1 hour and up to 3 hours. Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Line a heavy-duty sheet tray with foil. Combine the mustard and honey together in a small bowl and set aside. Add the panko, Parmesan, parsley, chives and the remaining 2 cloves garlic to a small bowl and toss together. Drizzle with the remainin <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, puree, cumin, za'atar, chile powder, granulated garlic, pitas
OUTPUT: TITLE: White Bean-Tahini Puree with Toasted Pitas | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 2 teaspoons ground cumin; 2 teaspoons za'atar; 1 teaspoon chile powder; 1 teaspoon granulated garlic; 4 pitas; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 8 white anchovy fillets, drained; 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 2 cloves garlic, minced; One 15-ounce can cannellini beans, drained and rinsed; 1/2 cup tahini paste; 1/4 cup chicken stock; 1 teaspoon kosher salt; 1/2 teaspoon red pepper flakes; 3 to 4 turns fresh ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. For the toasted pita chips: Combine the cumin, za'atar, chile powder and granulated garlic in a small bowl. Brush the pitas on both sides with the olive oil; cut each pita into 8 triangles. Toss the pita wedges in the spice mixture until fully coated, then spread them out on a baking sheet. Toast in the oven until golden brown and crispy, 14 to 16 minutes. Let cool on a paper-towel-lined plate. For the white bean-tahini puree: Lay the anchovies on a small baking sheet and place in the oven for 6 to 8 minutes. In a large saute pan over medium-high heat, add th <END>
INPUT: soup, butter, onion, thyme, stewed tomatoes, pumpkin puree
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pumpkin Soup | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons butter; 1 cup chopped onion; 1 teaspoon dried thyme; 1 can stewed tomatoes; 1 can pumpkin puree, unsweetened; 4 cups low sodium canned chicken stock, warmed; Fresh grated nutmeg; Salt; Pepper; 1/2 cup heavy cream; 2 scallions, thinly sliced | INSTRUCTIONS: In a heavy large saucepan, melt butter over medium heat. Add onions and cook until tender about 5 minutes. Stir in thyme, stewed tomatoes, and pumpkin puree and bring to a simmer. Stir in warmed stock and return to a simmer and cook for 20 minutes. Puree soup in 3 batches in a blender. Season with nutmeg, salt and pepper. Stir in cream and return to simmer. Serve with sliced scallions. <END>
INPUT: Alaska Sockeye Salmon, kosher salt, pepper, wine
OUTPUT: TITLE: Alaska Sockeye Salmon with Herbs and Garlic | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1½ pounds Alaska Sockeye Salmon; Cooking spray; 1½ teaspoons kosher salt; ½ teaspoon freshly-ground black pepper; ½ cup white wine; 2 Tablespoons melted butter or extra-virgin olive oil; 2 Tablespoons finely minced fresh garlic; 2 Tablespoons chopped fresh herbs | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: Heavy-duty aluminum foil Remove Alaska Sockeye salmon from refrigerator 15 minutes before cooking. Heat grill to 375°F. Cut 2 pieces of wide, heavy-duty aluminum foil about 6-inches longer than the salmon side. Stack the foil pieces (shiny side down) on a baking sheet and spray generously with cooking spray. Place the salmon, skin side down, in the middle of the foil. Fold the foil sides and ends up (1 to 2-inches) to make a shallow pan around the salmon, leaving at least a 1-inch margin around the fish. Season salmon with salt and pepper. In a small bowl, mix together the w <END>
INPUT: bread, cornmeal, all purpose flour, sugar, baking soda
OUTPUT: TITLE: Skillet Corn Bread | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 stick (1/2 cup) cold unsalted butter, cut into pieces; 1 1/4 cups cornmeal (preferably stone-ground; not coarse); 1/4 cup all-purpose flour; 1 tablespoon sugar; 1 teaspoon baking soda; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1 1/2 cups well-shaken buttermilk; 2 large eggs; Special equipment: a 9 1/2- to 10-inch well-seasoned cast-iron skillet | INSTRUCTIONS: Put oven rack in middle position and preheat oven to 450°F. Add butter to skillet and heat in oven until melted, about 5 minutes, then carefully pour into a medium bowl. Whisk together cornmeal, flour, sugar, baking soda, and salt in a large bowl. Whisk buttermilk and eggs into melted butter, then stir into cornmeal mixture until just combined. Pour into hot skillet and bake until a wooden pick or skewer inserted in center comes out clean, 15 to 20 minutes. Cool in skillet on a rack 5 minutes, then invert onto a platter and serve warm or at room temperature. Put oven rack in middle position an <END>
INPUT: cocktail, bottled mild tomato, lemon juice, Worcestershire sauce, hot pepper sauce
OUTPUT: TITLE: Broiled Crawfish with Horseradish Cocktail Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cups bottled mild tomato chili sauce (such as Homade brand); 7 teaspoons fresh lemon juice; 2 teaspoons Worcestershire sauce; 1 teaspoon hot pepper sauce; 3 teaspoons (or more) prepared white cream-style horseradish; 12 whole cloves; 4 Turkish bay leaves; 1 3-ounce bag crawfish, shrimp, and crab boil (such as Zatarain's); 1 large onion, peeled, quartered; 3 lemons, thinly sliced; 3 celery stalks, cut into chunks; 3 large garlic cloves, peeled; 4 pounds fresh crawfish; Large bowl of ice cubes; Lemon wedges | INSTRUCTIONS: For sauce: Whisk first 4 ingredients and 3 teaspoons horseradish in medium bowl to blend. Season to taste with freshly ground black pepper and more horseradish, if desired. Transfer to small bowl. DO AHEAD: Sauce can be made 1 day ahead. Cover and chill. Whisk first 4 ingredients and 3 teaspoons horseradish in medium bowl to blend. Season to taste with freshly ground black pepper and more horseradish, if desired. Transfer to small bowl. DO AHEAD: Sauce can be made 1 day ahead. Cover and chill. For crawfish; Combine first 7 ingredients in 10-to 12-quart large pot. Add 4 quarts water and 2 table <END>
INPUT: dressing, new potatoes, Kosher salt, wine vinegar, grain mustard, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Potatoes with Mustard-Garlic Dressing | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 pounds new potatoes; Kosher salt; 3 tablespoons white wine vinegar; 2 tablespoons whole-grain mustard; 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped; Freshly ground black pepper; 1/2 cup extra-virgin olive oil; Canola oil, for tossing; 1/4 cup chopped fresh flat-leaf parsley | INSTRUCTIONS: Put the potatoes in a pot of generously salted water and bring to a boil. Cook until just tender, 8 to 10 minutes. Drain and cool slightly. While the potatoes are cooking, whisk together the vinegar, mustard and garlic in a bowl, and season with salt and pepper. Slowly whisk in the oil until emulsified. Heat the grill to high. Toss the potatoes with a little canola oil, and season with salt and pepper. Put the potatoes in a grill basket and grill, shaking the basket occasionally and turning the potatoes as needed, until charred in spots and just cooked through, about 5 minutes. Put the potatoe <END>
INPUT: herbs, Brussels sprouts, kosher salt, bacon, garlic, flat leaf parsley
OUTPUT: TITLE: Brussels Sprouts with Bacon And Herbs | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 lbs. fresh Brussels sprouts, trimmed and halved, or quartered if large; kosher salt; 3 slices bacon, diced; 2 large garlic cloves, minced; 1/2-cup chopped flat leaf parsley; freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring salted water to a boil in a medium saucepan, add Brussels sprouts and boil uncovered until just tender. Drain in a colander and set aside. In a large heavy skillet, cook bacon until crisp and fat is rendered. Remove bacon pieces with a slotted spoon and pour off all but a tablespoon of fat. Add garlic and cook, stirring, over medium high until garlic is softened and just beginning to brown, about three minutes. Add Brussels sprouts and cook, stirring, until they are heated through. Stir in parsley and season with additional salt and black pepper. Serve immediately. <END>
INPUT: sauce, corned beef brisket, bottled horseradish, Dijon style mustard
OUTPUT: TITLE: Corned Beef with Horseradish Mustard Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: a 3-pound corned beef brisket; 2 tablespoons bottled horseradish; 2 tablespoons Dijon-style mustard | INSTRUCTIONS: In a kettle combine the corned beef with enough cold water to cover it by 2 inches, bring the water just to a boil, skimming the froth, and simmer the corned beet, covered, for 3 hours, or until it is tender. (Do not let the cooking liquid boil.) Remove the kettle from the heat and let the corned beef stand in the cooking liquid 20 minutes. In a small bowl stir together the horseradish and the mustard. Transfer the corned beef to a cutting board and with a sharp knife remove all but a very thin layer of fat. Cut the corned beef across the grain into 1/4-inch-thick slices and serve it with the  <END>
INPUT: doughnuts, active yeast, water, all purpose flour, unsalted butter, granulated sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Homemade Doughnuts with Cinnamon Sugar and Cranberry Jam | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon plus 2 1/2 teaspoons active dry yeast; 1 cup warm water; 1 cup all-purpose flour, plus more for rolling dough and baking sheet; 1 1/4 sticks unsalted butter, room temperature; 2/3 cup granulated sugar; 3 eggs, lightly beaten; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; 1 teaspoon kosher salt; 3 1/2 cups bread flour; 1/2 gallon frying oil, plus a little for oiling bowl; 1 cup granulated sugar; 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon; Cranberry Jam, recipe follows; 1 pound fresh cranberries, washed and dried; 2 cups granulated sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: In a medium bowl, stir together the yeast and the water. Set aside to "proof". After 10 minutes, stir in the 1 cup of all-purpose flour, cover with plastic wrap and set aside in a warm place. In the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with a paddle attachment, cream together the butter and sugar for 8 to 10 minutes. With the mixer on low speed, add the eggs, 1 at a time. When the mixture is smooth, stir in the vanilla and salt. Add the bread flour and mix on low speed until fully incorporated. Stir in the yeast mixture until thoroughly incorporated. Put the dough into an oiled bowl and allow to p <END>
INPUT: puree, fennel bulb, celery root, Yukon gold potatoes, Golden Delicious apples
OUTPUT: TITLE: Celery Root and Apple Puree | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 pound (1 stick) unsalted butter; 1 cup large-diced fennel bulb, tops and core removed; 2 pounds celery root, peeled and (3/4-inch) diced; 8 ounces Yukon gold potatoes, peeled and (3/4-inch) diced; 3 Golden Delicious apples, peeled, cored, and (3/4-inch) diced; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1/2 cup good apple cider; 1/4 cup heavy cream | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Melt the butter over medium heat in a shallow pot or large saute pan. Add the fennel, celery root, potatoes, apples, 1 1/2 teaspoons salt and 1/2 teaspoon pepper. Saute the vegetables, stirring occasionally, until they begin to soften, about 4 to 5 minutes. Add the cider and tightly cover the pot. Simmer over low heat (I pull the pot halfway off the heat) for 30 to 40 minutes, stirring occasionally, until the vegetables are very soft. If the vegetables begin to burn or they seem dry, add another few tablespoons of apple cider or some water. When the vegetables ar <END>
INPUT: lemonade, jigger, lemon juice, superfine granulated sugar, seltzer, lemon slice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sherry Lemonade | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 jigger (1 1/2 ounces) medium-dry sherry; 3 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 2 tablespoons superfine granulated sugar, or to taste; 1/2 to 1/3 cup chilled seltzer; Garnish: lemon slice | INSTRUCTIONS: In a tall glass, combine sherry, lemon juice and sugar. Stir until sugar is dissolved. Fill glass with ice and add seltzer. Garnish with lemon slice. In a tall glass, combine sherry, lemon juice and sugar. Stir until sugar is dissolved. Fill glass with ice and add seltzer. Garnish with lemon slice. <END>
INPUT: Italian, meatballs, spaghetti, Salt, sirloin, Worcestershire sauce, egg
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spaghetti and Meatballs | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound spaghetti; Salt, for pasta water; 1 1/4 pounds ground sirloin; 2 teaspoons Worcestershire sauce, eyeball it; 1 egg, beaten; 1/2 cup Italian bread crumbs, a couple of handfuls; 1/4 cup grated Parmesan, Parmigiano-Reggiano or Romano cheese; 2 cloves garlic, chopped; Salt and pepper; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, 2 turns of the pan; 1/2 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes; 4 cloves garlic, crushed or chopped; 1 small onion, finely chopped; 1 cup beef stock, available on soup aisle in market in small paper boxes; 1 (28-ounce) can crushed tomatoes | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat oven to 425 degrees F. Place a large pot of water on to boil for spaghetti. When it boils, add salt and pasta and cook to al dente. Mix beef and Worcestershire, egg, bread crumbs, cheese, garlic, salt and pepper. Roll meat into 1 1/2 inch medium-sized meatballs and place on nonstick cookie sheet or a cookie sheet greased with extra-virgin olive oil. Bake balls 10 to 12 minutes, until no longer pink. Heat a deep skillet or medium pot over moderate heat. Add oil, crushed pepper, garlic and finely chopped onion. Saute 5 to 7 minutes, until onion bits are sof <END>
INPUT: good chicken stock, wild rice, Kosher salt pepper, cherries, pecans
OUTPUT: TITLE: Wild Rice with Cherries | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 1/2 cups good chicken stock; 1 cup wild rice, thoroughly rinsed; Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper; 1 cup roughly chopped dried cherries; 1/2 cup toasted and roughly chopped pecans; 1/4 cup chopped flat-leaf parsley | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large saucepan, add the stock, wild rice and salt and pepper, to taste. Bring to a boil over medium heat. Reduce the heat and simmer for 15 minutes. Cover and simmer, stirring occasionally, until the rice is tender and is beginning to split, about 30 to 40 minutes. Drain of any excess liquid and fold in the cherries, nuts and parsley. Taste for seasoning and adjust if necessary. Transfer the rice to a serving bowl and serve. <END>
INPUT: relish, corn, water, pepper, roasted pepper, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Corn Relish | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 12 ears fresh corn; 2 cups water; 1 1/2 cups green pepper, chopped; 1 1/2 cups roasted red pepper, chopped; 1 cup onion, chopped; 2 1/2 cups vinegar; 1 3/4 cups sugar; 4 teaspoons dry mustard; 2 teaspoons black pepper; 2 teaspoons pickling salt; 3 tablespoons cornstarch; 2 tablespoons water | INSTRUCTIONS: Cut corn from cobs. Measure out 8 cups of corn in a 10 quart Dutch oven pot. Combine corn and water. Bring to boil and reduce heat. Simmer, covered for 5 minutes. Drain corn. In same Dutch oven combine with corn, red and green peppers and onions. Stir in vinegar, sugar, mustard, salt and black pepper. Bring to a boil. Boil gently, uncovered for 5 minutes, stirring occasionally. Stir together cornstarch and 2 tablespoons water. Add this mixture to corn mixture. Cook and stir until slightly thickened and bubbly. Cook for 2 minutes more. Ladle relish into hot sterilized jars leaving 1/2-inch head <END>
INPUT: bread, eggs, vegetable oil, sugar, vanilla, zucchini
OUTPUT: TITLE: Zucchini Bread with Lemon Honey Butter | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 large eggs; 1 cup vegetable oil, plus more for greasing the pans; 1 cup sugar; 1 teaspoon vanilla; 2 cups shredded zucchini (from about 1 medium zucchini); 1 tablespoon grated lemon zest; 2 cups all-purpose flour (see Cook's Note); 2 teaspoons baking soda; 1 teaspoon baking powder; 1 teaspoon fine salt; 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon; Honey Lemon Butter, recipe follows; 4 ounces unsalted butter, softened; 1 tablespoon honey; 1 tablespoon grated lemon zest | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: two 9- by- 5-inch loaf pans Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Grease two 9-by-5-inch loaf pans. In large bowl beat together the eggs, oil, sugar and vanilla. Slowly add zucchini. Add lemon zest and mix thoroughly. In a separate large bowl combine flour, baking soda, baking powder, cinnamon and salt. Slowly add zucchini mixture until completely combined. Divide the batter between the prepared loaf pans. Bake until a toothpick comes out clean and the sides have started to brown, about 45 minutes. Let cool on a rack 15 minutes. Unmold and serve warm or at room temperature sliced w <END>
INPUT: vinaigrette, shallot, Sherry vinegar wine, Dijon mustard, sugar, virgin olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Asparagus with Hazelnut Vinaigrette | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 large shallot, minced; 2 tablespoons Sherry vinegar or red-wine vinegar; 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard; 1/2 teaspoon sugar; 1/3 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 1/4 cup hazelnuts, toasted, skinned and chopped; 1 hard-cooked large egg; 2 pounds asparagus, trimmed and lower 2 inches of stalks peeled | INSTRUCTIONS: Make vinaigrette: In a bowl whisk together shallot, vinegar, mustard, sugar and salt and pepper to taste. Add oil in a stream, whisking, and whisk until emulsified. Whisk in hazelnuts. Finely chop egg. In a deep 10- to 12-inch skillet bring 1 1/2 inches salted water to a boil and cook asparagus over high heat until crisp-tender, about 2 to 4 minutes. Transfer asparagus with tongs to a colander and drain. Transfer asparagus to a serving dish. Spoon vinaigrette over asparagus and sprinkle with egg. Serve asparagus warm or at room temperature. In a bowl whisk together shallot, vinegar, mustard, s <END>
INPUT: Mexican, summer, coctel, jumbo sea scallops, onion, clam tomato juice, ketchup, lime juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Summer Scallop and Shrimp Coctel | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 pound jumbo sea scallops, (6 to 8); 1/3 cup finely chopped red onion; 1/4 cup clam-tomato juice (recommended: Clamato); 1/4 cup ketchup; 1/4 cup fresh lime juice; 3 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro; 1 teaspoon seeded and finely chopped serrano chile, from about 1/2 serrano chile; 1 teaspoon bottled hot sauce; 1/2 pound cooked small shrimp, shelled, deveined and tails removed; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; Saltines or tortilla chips, for serving | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add the scallops and poach gently until they are cooked just to rare, about 2 minutes. Drain well and chill for about 30 minutes, or up to overnight. Stir together the onions, clam-tomato juice, ketchup, lime juice, cilantro, serrano and hot sauce in a large bowl until well incorporated. Season with salt and pepper. Quarter the chilled scallops. Add the quartered scallops and shrimp into the onion-sauce mixture and gently stir to combine. Divide among 4 (6-ounce) glasses. Serve with saltines or tortilla chips. <END>
INPUT: American, twists, wheat flour, corn meal, Parmesan cheese, egg, water
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cheese Twists | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups whole wheat flour; 1/4 cup corn meal; 1/2 cup Parmesan cheese; 1 egg; 3/4 cup water | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 325 degrees. Mix all ingredients except 1/4 cup Parmesan cheese. Knead until thoroughly mixed. Roll dough into quarter-sized balls. On a lightly floured surface, roll balls into pencil-shaped "sticks" in Parmesan so the sticks are coated. Flatten with rolling pin or by hand. Twist each about 6 to 8 times and place on ungreased baking sheet. Bake approximately 30 minutes. Cool on pan. Store in sealed container <END>
INPUT: Italian, virgin olive oil, garlic, wine, Manila clams other, Salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Linguine with Clams | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup extra virgin olive oil; 2 cloves garlic, thinly sliced; 3/4 cup dry white wine (such as Sauvignon Blanc); 3 pounds Manila clams or other small clams, cleaned and scrubbed; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 pound fresh linguine; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh flat-leaf parsley, plus fresh flat-leaf parsley sprigs, for garnish; 2 Calabrian peppers, minced, or a pinch of crushed red pepper flakes | INSTRUCTIONS: Warm the olive oil in a large frying pan over medium heat. Add the garlic and cook for 1 minute. Increase the heat to high, add the white wine, and simmer until reduced by 1/2, 1 to 2 minutes. Add the clams, cover, and cook until the shells open, 3 to 5 minutes. Discard any that do not open. Season with salt and pepper. Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add the pasta and cook until al dente, 3 to 4 minutes. Drain, and toss immediately with the clams, their sauce, the chopped parsley, and the Calabrian peppers or pepper flakes. Garnish with parsley sprigs, and serve immediately. <END>
INPUT: Indian, salad, beluga lentils, garlic, bay leaf, celery, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lentil and Feta Salad | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup beluga lentils, rinsed and picked over; 2 garlic cloves, peeled and halved lengthwise; 1 bay leaf; 2 celery stalks, finely chopped (about 1 cup); 1 small red onion, cut into small dice; 1 small red pepper, roasted, peeled and cut into small dice; 1 cup flat-leaf parsley, finely chopped; 1 tablespoon fresh rosemary, finely chopped; 1/3 cup freshly squeezed lemon juice; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 4 ounces (about 1 cup) feta cheese, coarsely crumbled; Coarse salt and freshly ground pepper; 3 heads baby lettuce, such as lola rosa, for garnish; 1 small cucumber peeled, seeded, and cut into 1/8-inch slices | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring a medium saucepan of water to a boil. Add lentils, garlic, and bay leaf. Simmer for 20 minutes, or until the lentils are tender. Drain and rinse the lentils under cold water. Discard the garlic and bay leaf. In a large bowl combine lentils, celery, onion, pepper, parsley, and rosemary. In a small bowl, whisk together the lemon juice and olive oil. Drizzle over lentil mixture, add the feta, and stir gently to combine. Season with salt and pepper. Serve on a bed of baby lettuce, and garnish with cucumber slices. <END>
INPUT: center wild salmon, olive oil, Salt pepper, thyme, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Poached Salmon | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 12 ounces center-cut wild salmon; 2 quarts olive oil; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 sprig thyme; 1 clove garlic; Fleur de sel; 1 cup micro greens | INSTRUCTIONS: Cut salmon into 4 (3-ounce) portions. Heat olive oil to 95 degrees F. Add thyme and garlic. Season the salmon with salt and pepper. Place in olive oil for 8 minutes. Remove from olive oil. Season with fleur de sel. Garnish with dressed micro greens. <END>
INPUT: American, casserole, quick wild rice, French beans, butter, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken and Wild Rice Casserole | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 3 cups cooked, chopped chicken breasts; 1 package quick cooking wild rice, cooked according to package directions; 1 package frozen French green beans, thawed and drained; 2 tablespoons butter; 1/2 cup chopped onion; 3 tablespoons flour; 1 cup chicken stock; 1/2 cup cream or milk; 1/2 cup grated parmesan cheese; 1/4 cup slivered almonds | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350 degrees. In a buttered casserole dish. Combine chicken, cooked rice and green beans. In a saucepan melt butter over medium high heat. Stir in onions and cook for 1 minute. Stir in flour and cook for 1 minute. Whisk in chicken stock and bring to a simmer. Whisk in cream or milk and return to a simmer. When sauce has thickened pour over mixture in casserole dish. Sprinkle with parmesan and almonds and bake for 30 minutes. <END>
INPUT: American, serrano, manchego, brine cured olives, roasted bell pepper, virgin olive oil, oregano
OUTPUT: TITLE: Eggs with Serrano Ham and Manchego Cheese, Green Olive Relish, and Migas | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup chopped pitted brine-cured green olives; 1/4 cup chopped drained roasted red bell pepper from jar; 1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil; 1 teaspoon chopped fresh oregano; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 2 small garlic cloves, pressed; 4 3/4-inch-thick slices pain rustique or ciabatta, cut into 3/4-inch cubes (about 4 generous cups); 1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil; 1 tablespoon Sherry wine vinegar; 1/4 cup finely chopped shallots; 4 cups (lightly packed) arugula leaves; 4 cups (lightly packed) torn baby frisée; Fleur de sel or coarse kosher salt; 1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil; 4 large eggs | INSTRUCTIONS: For relish: Combine all ingredients in small bowl. DO AHEAD: Relish can be made 1 day ahead. Cover and refrigerate. Combine all ingredients in small bowl. DO AHEAD: Relish can be made 1 day ahead. Cover and refrigerate. For migas: Preheat oven to 375°F. Stir olive oil and garlic in large bowl. Add bread cubes and toss to coat well. Transfer bread to heavy large baking sheet and bake until lightly toasted yet still chewy, about 10 minutes. Cool. Preheat oven to 375°F. Stir olive oil and garlic in large bowl. Add bread cubes and toss to coat well. Transfer bread to heavy large baking sheet and b <END>
INPUT: Indian, potatoes, Salt, vegetable oil, fennel seeds, coriander
OUTPUT: TITLE: Crispy Coriander Potatoes | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 pounds small red potatoes; Salt; 2 tablespoons vegetable oil; 1 teaspoon fennel seeds; 1 teaspoon ground coriander; 1/2 teaspoon turmeric; 1/2 teaspoon dried thyme; 1 teaspoon kosher salt; 1/2 teaspoon ground black pepper; 2 tablespoons minced fresh cilantro; Squeeze fresh lime or lemon, optional | INSTRUCTIONS: Throw the potatoes in a large pot, cover with room temperature water, and season with salt. Set on a high flame and bring to a boil. Reduce to a simmer and cook until a fork inserted into the potatoes draws out without resistance, 15 to 20 minutes. Drain and set aside to cool. Once they're cool enough to handle, cut each potato into bite-size pieces. In a large skillet or wok, warm the oil until it's shimmering but not smoking. Add the fennel seeds; they should sizzle upon contact with the oil. Immediately add the potatoes, coriander, turmeric, thyme, salt, and pepper. Stir-fry until the potat <END>
INPUT: meatballs, pine nuts, turkey, egg, wheat breadcrumbs, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Turkey Meatballs with Sage and Cranberries | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/3 cup pine nuts; 1 pound ground lean turkey; 1 large egg, beaten; 1 cup fresh whole-wheat breadcrumbs, soaked in 1 ounce skim milk; 1/2 cup finely chopped onion; 1/3 cup packed Swiss chard, spinach or arugula, finely chopped; 1/3 cup dried cranberries, chopped; 2 tablespoons grated Parmesan; 1 1/2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh sage; 3/4 teaspoon kosher or sea salt; 1/4 teaspoon ground marjoram; 1/4 teaspoon black pepper; Parchment paper; 1 tablespoon olive oil; 10 ounces store-bought cranberry chutney (optional) | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat a small pan over medium heat; add pine nuts and stir until aromatic and light brown, a few minutes. In a bowl, combine all ingredients from turkey through pepper, being careful not to overmix. Cover and chill for at least 2 1/2 hours. (Chilling will help meatballs keep their shape while cooking.) Heat oven to 400°. Line a cookie sheet with parchment paper; brush paper with oil. Roll meat into 1-inch balls; place on baking sheet 1/2 inch apart. Bake until balls are brown and bounce back to the touch, and internal temperature reaches 165°, 10 to 15 minutes. Remove; let rest. Serve warm with <END>
INPUT: sherbet, water, sugar, Pernod, two lemon zest, lemon juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cantaloupe Sherbet | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup water; 1/2 cup sugar; 2 tablespoons Pernod; two 3-inch strips of lemon zest; 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice; 1 cantaloupe (about 2 1/2 pounds), seeds and rind discarded and the flesh chopped (about 3 1/2 cups); 1/4 cup heavy cream | INSTRUCTIONS: In a saucepan stir together the water, the sugar, the Pernod, and the zest, boil the mixture, stirring, until the sugar is dissolved, and simmer it for 5 minutes. Stir in the lemon juice, transfer the syrup to a bowl, and chill it, covered, until it is cold. In a blender or food processor purée the cantaloupe, scraping down the sides with a rubber spatula, until it is smooth, blend in the cream and the syrup, and force the mixture through a coarse sieve set over a bowl, pressing hard on the solids. Freeze the mixture in an ice-cream freezer according to the manufacturer's instructions. In a sa <END>
INPUT: Italian, smoked Turkey Wing, olive oil, onion, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Rigatoni with Smoked Turkey and Hot Cherry Peppers | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 4 smoked Turkey Wing sections, about 4 pounds, recipe follows; 1 (32-ounce) can Italian plum tomatoes; 1/4 cup olive oil; 1 large yellow onion, halved and sliced 1/4-inch-thick (about 2 cups); 4 cloves garlic, peeled and sliced; 2 bottled hot cherry peppers, cored, seeded and cut into thin strips; Kosher salt; 2 tablespoons tomato paste; 1/2 cup dry red wine; 1 cup homemade or canned reduced-sodium chicken broth; 1 pound rigatoni; 1/4 cup chopped fresh basil or flat-leaf parsley leaves; Grated Parmesan or Pecorino-Romano, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Smoke the turkey wings according to the directions below. This can be done up to two days in advance of making the sauce. Wrap the turkey wings in plastic wrap and store them in the refrigerator until needed. Drain the tomatoes in a colander over a bowl. Locate the core on the tomatoes and gently pull out, taking as many seeds along with the cores as you can. Don't worry about any seeds you leave behind. Chop the tomatoes coarsely by hand or by squeezing them with your fingers right at the colander. Return the tomatoes to the liquid in the bowl. Heat the olive oil in a 4-quart heavy pot over m <END>
INPUT: vichyssoise, unsalted butter, leeks, celery, onion, russet potatoes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Asparagus Vichyssoise | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 ounces unsalted butter; 2 1/2 cups leeks, cleaned white parts only, chopped; 1 stalk celery, peeled and coarsely chopped; 1 large white onion, peeled and cut to 1-inch dice; 2 cups russet potatoes, peeled and cut to 1-inch dice; 1 quart chicken or vegetable stock; 2 cups asparagus, fresh or frozen, reserve some tips for garnish; 1 cup heavy cream; Salt and white pepper, to taste | INSTRUCTIONS: Melt butter in a heavy saucepan over medium heat. Add leeks, celery and onion. Reduce heat and cover. DO NOT ALLOW THE VEGETABLES TO COLOR. Sweat the vegetables until they are translucent. Add the potatoes and the stock. Bring to a boil. Reduce heat and continue to simmer lightly until the potatoes are very soft. Add the asparagus and cook only until the asparagus is tender. Remove from heat and cool slightly. Using a blender, puree until smooth. Chill. Before serving remove from the refrigerator and stir in cream. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Garnish with reserved cooked asparagus t <END>
INPUT: American, cheesecake, water, sugar, vanilla bean, kumquats, vanilla wafer cookie
OUTPUT: TITLE: Orange Cheesecake with Candied Kumquats | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups water; 2 cups sugar; 1 vanilla bean, split lengthwise; 9 ounces kumquats (about 25 medium), thinly sliced crosswise, seeds removed; 2 cups vanilla wafer cookie crumbs (made from about 9 ounces cookies, finely ground in processor); 1/3 cup (packed) golden brown sugar; 6 to 7 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted; 1 cup fresh orange juice; 1 cup sugar, divided; 2 tablespoons finely grated orange peel; 4 8-ounce packages cream cheese, room temperature; 1 cup sour cream; 3 tablespoons all purpose flour; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 5 large eggs, room temperature | INSTRUCTIONS: For candied kumquats: Combine water and sugar in medium saucepan. Scrape in seeds from vanilla bean; add bean. Stir over medium heat until sugar dissolves. Add kumquats; reduce heat. Simmer until kumquat slices are translucent, about 25 minutes. Remove from heat; cool kumquats in syrup. Strain kumquats, reserving syrup. Combine kumquats and 1/4 cup syrup in small bowl. Return remaining syrup to same saucepan; boil until reduced to 1 1/4 cups, about 8 minutes. DO AHEAD: Can be made 2 days ahead. Cover separately and chill. Combine water and sugar in medium saucepan. Scrape in seeds from vanilla <END>
INPUT: tossed, sauce, leeks, shrimp stock, cubed butter, ice cubes, blood oranges
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fresh Langoustines (or Shrimp) Tossed with Blood Oranges in Green Leek Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup of chopped green leeks (packed tightly); 2 ounces shrimp stock; 1 tablespoon plus 1 teaspoon cold cubed butter; 1 ounce ice cubes; 6 large blood oranges; 30 fresh Langoustines or Shrimp, medium to large size; 1 ounce extra virgin olive oil; Sturdy toothpicks (if using shrimp) | INSTRUCTIONS: In a medium saucepan bring the shrimp stock to a boil. Stir in the leeks until all are submerged and cook for 1 1/2 minutes until leeks are tender. Transfer to a blender and add the cubed butter. Blend until the butter is melted, then add the ice cubes with the blender still running. Blend until smooth. Pass through a chinois. Season with salt and pepper; Peel and segment the oranges, making sure to remove the tough and bitter white skin. Reserve 48 segments in a small mixing bowl; If using shrimp place toothpick lengthwise down shrimp, this will keep the shrimp straight. Heat the olive oil in <END>
INPUT: tuiles, flaked coconut, unsweetened coconut, salt, egg whites, Special bakeware liner
OUTPUT: TITLE: Savory Coconut Tuiles | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup sweetened flaked coconut; 3/4 cup finely grated unsweetened coconut (dried); 1/8 teaspoon salt; 2 large egg whites, lightly beaten; Special equipment: a large nonstick bakeware liner, such as Silpat, or parchment paper; an offset metal spatula | INSTRUCTIONS: Put oven rack in middle position and preheat oven to 350°F. Spread sweetened flaked coconut evenly in a shallow baking pan and toast in oven, stirring occasionally, until golden, 8 to 10 minutes. Cool in pan on a rack. Reduce oven temperature to 250°F. Line a large baking sheet with nonstick liner. Stir together toasted coconut, unsweetened coconut, salt, and egg whites in a bowl until combined. Drop mounds (about 1 tablespoon per mound) of mixture about 3 inches apart onto baking sheet and pat each mound with moistened fingertips into a 2 1/2-inch round. Bake until golden, about 30 minutes. C <END>
INPUT: Asian, cookie, sandwich, half half, vanilla beans, egg yolks, granulated sugar, bananas
OUTPUT: TITLE: Ginger Molasses Cookie Sandwich with Roasted Banana Ice Cream | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 6 quarts half-and-half; 2 vanilla beans; 48 egg yolks; 1 3/4 pounds granulated sugar; 2 bananas, roasted; 2 1/2 cupS all-purpose flour; 1 teaspoon baking soda; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 7 ounces unsalted butter; 3/4 cup granulated sugar; 1/3 cup dark molasses; 2 tablespoons cold coffee; 1 tablespoon powdered ginger; 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1/2 teaspoon ground cloves | INSTRUCTIONS: To make the ice cream, scald half-and-half with vanilla beans. Combine eggs and sugar. Temper with half-and-half mixture. Continue to cook at low heat until the mixture coats the back of spoon. Process the ice cream in an ice cream maker according to manufacturer's instructions. Fold in the roasted bananas and keep chilled. To make the ginger molasses cookies, combine the dry ingredients. Cream together butter and sugar. Add dry ingredients, then wet. Finish by adding spices. Be careful not to over mix. Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Form in 1-inch balls and placed on greased cookie sheet  <END>
INPUT: Mexican, adobo, rubbed, paprika, pepper, coarse salt, chili powder, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Adobo-Rubbed Pork Tenderloin with Black Bean Pico de Gallo | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 6 tbsp paprika; 2 tbsp freshly ground black pepper; 2 tbsp coarse salt; 1 tbsp chili powder; 2 tbsp brown sugar; 3 pinches cayenne pepper; 24 oz pork tenderloin, trimmed, cut into 3- to 4-oz pieces; 1/2 cup arugula, loosely packed; 2 cups cooked black beans; 4 medium tomatoes, diced; 1/2 cup diced red onion; 1/2 cup chopped green onions; 1/2 cup chopped fresh cilantro; 2 tbsp minced jalapeño pepper; 2 tbsp fresh lemon juice | INSTRUCTIONS: For pork: Preheat oven to 350°F. In small bowl, mix paprika, black pepper, salt, chili powder, sugar, and cayenne. Rub both sides of each tenderloin piece with spice mixture. Preheat oven-safe skillet over medium-high heat and pan-sear pieces until golden brown on both sides. Transfer to oven until done (6 to 8 minutes for each inch of thickness). To make pico de gallo, mix all ingredients. Serve 1/2 cup over tenderloin. For pork: Preheat oven to 350°F. In small bowl, mix paprika, black pepper, salt, chili powder, sugar, and cayenne. Rub both sides of each tenderloin piece with spice mixture.  <END>
INPUT: barbeque sauce, chili seasoning, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Barbeque Bean Chili Dogs | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup barbeque sauce; 1 (15-ounce) can kidney beans, drained and rinsed; 1 (15-ounce) can black beans, drained and rinsed; 2 tablespoons chili seasoning; 1 tablespoon packed brown sugar; 1 tablespoon yellow mustard; 4 all-beef hot dogs; 4 hot dog buns; 1/2 medium onion, chopped, for serving | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. In a large saucepan over low heat stir together the barbeque sauce, beans, chili seasoning, brown sugar, and mustard. Bring to a boil and reduce heat to a simmer and cook for 10 to 12 minutes, stirring occasionally. Meanwhile, set up grill or indoor grill pan for direct cooking over medium heat. When ready to start cooking oil the grate. Place hot dogs on the hot, oiled grill. Cook for 10 minutes or until heated through, turning occasionally. Toast buns on grill, if desired. Place hot dogs in buns and top with chili. Serve hot with chopped white onions. (Reserve  <END>
INPUT: flan, Vegetable oil, cajeta caramel sauce
OUTPUT: TITLE: Coconut Flan | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Vegetable oil cooking spray; 1 cup cajeta* or caramel sauce, at room temperature; 3 (14-ounce) cans sweetened condensed milk; 1 (14-ounce) can unsweetened coconut milk; 1 (12-ounce) can evaporated milk; 6 large eggs, at room temperature; 1 tablespoon vanilla extract; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/2 cup shredded sweetened coconut, toasted | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Spray a 10-cup Bundt or tube pan with vegetable oil cooking spray. Drizzle the cajeta into the prepared pan, turning to coat the bottom and sides. Set aside. Using an electric mixer, beat the milks, eggs, vanilla extract, and salt. Pour the mixture into the pan. Place the pan inside a large roasting pan. Fill the roasting pan with enough water to come halfway up the sides. Cover the Bundt pan with foil. Bake until the center jiggles slightly when pan is moved, about 1 hour 40 minutes. Remove from the oven and let cool at room te <END>
INPUT: turnovers, Challah bread, cherry all fruit, ricotta cheese, unsalted butter, eggs
OUTPUT: TITLE: Challah Bread Cherry Turnovers | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 8 slices Challah bread; 1/2 cup cherry all-fruit jelly or jam; 1/2 cup ricotta cheese; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 2 large eggs; Confectioners sugar and cocoa powder, for dusting | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: Rolling Pin Medium shallow dish Fork or whisk Medium skillet Spatula Fine mesh strainer Flatten each slice of bread with a rolling pin. Place a tablespoon of the jelly and the cheese in the center of each bread. Fold the bread in half, over the jelly and cheese, to make a turnover. Press the edges together lightly with a fork to seal the turnovers. Break the eggs into a shallow bowl and stir with a fork or whisk. Melt a small piece of butter in a medium skillet over medium-low heat. Dip 2 turnovers in the egg mixture and then lay them in the pan. Fry the turnovers for 3 to 4 <END>
INPUT: Mexican, shredded, tostadas, kosher salt, onion, garlic, peppercorns
OUTPUT: TITLE: Shredded Beef Tostadas with Chiles and Lime | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 6 tablespoons kosher salt, plus more to taste; 1 (2-pound) beef chuck roast; 1 medium white onion, peeled, quartered; 5 garlic cloves, peeled; 1 tablespoon black peppercorns; 1 tablespoon cumin seeds; 1/2 teaspoon whole cloves; 1 medium white onion, diced, briefly rinsed in a colander, patted dry; 1/2 cup fresh lime juice; 1/2 cup pineapple juice; 1 teaspoon dried oregano, crushed; Kosher salt; 8 large radishes, cut into thin matchsticks; 6 serrano chiles (or 3–4 jalapeños), stemmed, seeded, deveined; 1/2 cup coarsely chopped fresh cilantro | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook the beef: Fill a large pot with 12 cups water; stir in 6 Tbsp. salt. Add beef, onion, garlic, peppercorns, cumin, and cloves. Bring to a simmer and cook, partially covered, until beef shreds easily with a fork, 1 1/2–2 hours. Drain, then transfer to a large bowl and let cool. Using 2 forks or your fingers, coarsely shred beef. Season with salt. Fill a large pot with 12 cups water; stir in 6 Tbsp. salt. Add beef, onion, garlic, peppercorns, cumin, and cloves. Bring to a simmer and cook, partially covered, until beef shreds easily with a fork, 1 1/2–2 hours. Drain, then transfer to a large  <END>
INPUT: Mexican, taxpayers, chicken breast halves, vegetable oil, onions, garlic, jalape‱o chili
OUTPUT: TITLE: Taxpayers' Chicken Chili | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 6 large chicken breast halves with skin and bones; 3 tablespoons vegetable oil; 3 large onions, coarsely chopped; 6 garlic cloves, minced; 1 jalape‱o chili, minced; 1/4 cup chili powder; 3 tablespoons ground cumin; 1 tablespoon dried oregano; 2 teaspoons ground coriander; 1 28-ounce can crushed tomatoes in purée; 2 12-ounce bottles of beer; 2 1/2 cups canned low-salt chicken broth; 2 15 1/4-ounce cans kidney beans, rinsed, drained; Salsa, crushed tortilla chips, chopped green onions, sour cream and grated cheddar cheese | INSTRUCTIONS: Arrange chicken in single layer in large skillet. Add enough water to cover chicken; bring to boil. Reduce heat, cover and simmer gently until chicken is cooked through, about 12 minutes. Drain chicken; cool slightly. Remove skin and bones; coarsely shred meat. (Can be made 1 day ahead. Cover and refrigerate.) Heat oil in heavy large pot over medium-high heat. Add onions and sauté until tender, about 10 minutes. Add garlic and jalapeño chili; sauté 1 minute. Mix in chili powder, cumin, oregano and coriander. Add tomatoes, beer and broth. Bring to simmer. Simmer over medium-low heat 1 hour to b <END>
INPUT: French, salad, quiche, eggs, skim milk, thyme, onions
OUTPUT: TITLE: Baby Greens Salad with Ham Quiche Croutons and Maple-Cider Vinaigrette | CUISINE: French | INGREDIENTS: Nonstick spray, for the muffin tins; 5 large eggs; 1/2 cup skim milk; 2 teaspoons fresh thyme, chopped; 2 large green onions, thinly sliced; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 3 ounces goat cheese, cut into small pieces; 12 slices thinly sliced Black Forest ham, halved; 1/4 cup apple cider vinegar; 1 tablespoon maple syrup; 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1/4 cup canola oil; 6 ounces mixed baby kale and baby mustard greens; 1 small bunch rainbow radishes, thinly sliced | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: Two 12-cup mini-muffin tins For the ham quiche croutons: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Spray two 12-cup mini-muffin tins liberally with nonstick spray. Whisk the eggs in a bowl until pale, add the milk, thyme, green onion, salt and pepper and whisk until combined. Fold in the goat cheese. Fit 1 piece of ham in each muffin tin to make a little cup. (It will come up over the top and doesn¿t need to be flush against the bottom.) Fill each ham cup with some egg mixture. (Don¿t worry if it spills around the ham and into the bottom of the tin.) Bake until the eggs are just se <END>
INPUT: green, granita, sugar, mint, Granny Smith apple, Juice limes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Green Apple-Mint Granita | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup sugar; 1 cup packed fresh mint; 1 large Granny Smith apple; Juice of 2 limes | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine the sugar and 2 cups water in a small saucepan and bring to a simmer over medium heat. Cook, stirring, until the sugar dissolves, about 4 minutes; transfer to a blender and let cool completely. Add the mint to the blender and puree until smooth. Strain through a fine-mesh sieve into an 8-inch-square stainless-steel or glass baking dish. Finely grate the skin of the apple into the pan (you won't need the rest of the apple), then stir in the lime juice. Freeze until ice crystals begin forming around the edges, about 45 minutes. Use a fork to scrape the crystals toward the center of the p <END>
INPUT: butter, Belgian style waffle, sugar cubes, strawberries, Whipped cream canister
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sugar Waffles with Berries and Whipped Cream | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons melted butter; Belgian style waffle mix, prepared to package directions for 2 large waffles, 8 quarters; 3/4 cup sugar cubes; 1/2 pint ripe strawberries, sliced; Whipped cream in canister, from dairy aisle of market | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat waffle iron. Prepare waffle mix for 2 large waffles, 4 quarters each. Add sugar to a large food storage bag and crush cubes with a small heavy-bottomed skillet or meat mallet. Add crushed cubes to prepared batter. Brush iron with melted butter. Add waffle mix and cook to waffle iron directions. Serve 1/2 a large waffle or 2 sections from your iron per person, topping with sliced berries and a rosette of whipped cream. <END>
INPUT: deboned quail, olive oil, thyme leaves, sage leaves, sweet potato brioche
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Quail with Brioche, Foie Gras, and Rose Geranium Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 8 deboned quail; 1 cup olive oil; 3 tablespoons chopped fresh thyme leaves; 3 tablespoons chopped fresh sage leaves; 4 sweet potato brioche, cut in half and lightly buttered, recipe follows; 8 to 10-ounce piece foie gras, lightly seasoned with salt and pepper; Rose Geranium Sauce, recipe follows; Sweet Potato Shoestrings, recipe follows; 2 medium shallots, minced; 1 cup Riesling, or other fruity white wine; 2 tablespoons apple cider vinegar; 2 cups quail or dark chicken broth; 1/4 cup Rose Geranium Jelly (or other rose-scented jelly, usually available at Middle Eastern grocery stores); 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; Salt and pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Marinate the quail in olive oil, thyme, and sage for at least 2 hours, up to overnight, in the refrigerator. Preheat a grill. Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Remove the quail from the marinade and season with salt and pepper. Place the quail, breast-side-up, on a medium hot grill. Cook for 3 minutes, then turn over so the breast-side is down, and cook for 2 minutes. Then lift and adjust position on the grill to create an "x" mark on the breast. Finish cooking for about 4 minutes, about 8 to 9 minutes total cooking time. While the quail are cooking, sear the foie gras in a dry, medium-hot pa <END>
INPUT: virgin olive oil, fennel seeds, bay leaves, assorted Mediterranean olives
OUTPUT: TITLE: Marinated Olives | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup extra virgin olive oil; 2 teaspoons fennel seeds, crushed; 4 small bay leaves; 2 pounds assorted Mediterranean olives (such as Nicoise, Picholine, Kalamata, and oil-cured); 6 strips (3 x 1-inch) lemon peel; 4 garlic cloves, crushed with side of chef's knife | INSTRUCTIONS: In a 1-quart saucepan, heat olive oil, fennel seeds, and bay leaves until hot but not smoking over medium heat. Remove saucepan from heat; let stand 10 minutes. In large bowl, stir olive-oil mixture with olives, lemon peel, and garlic. Cover bowl with plastic wrap and refrigerate olives at least 24 hours to allow flavors to develop, stirring occasionally. (Or, in large self-sealing plastic bag, combine all ingredients, turning to coat olives well. Seal bag, pressing out as much air as possible. Place on plate; refrigerate, turning bag occasionally.) Spoon olives into jars for gift giving. Stor <END>
INPUT: roast, parsley leaves, onions, celery
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roast Turkey with Sauerkraut | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 (12 to 16-pound) turkey, preferably organic, kosher, or minimally processed; 2 (1-pound) loaves homemade-style white bread, ends and crusts removed; 1 cup finely chopped fresh parsley leaves; 3 medium onions, finely chopped; 3 celery ribs, finely chopped; 2 teaspoons dried sage; 2 teaspoons dried thyme; 1 tablespoon celery salt, plus more as needed; 1 tablespoon freshly ground black pepper, plus extra for sprinkling; 8 tablespoons (1 stick) unsalted butter, melted, plus more for brushing; Kosher salt; Sweet or hot paprika, as needed; Chicken stock, as needed; 2 (14 1/2-ounce) cans sauerkraut, drained; 1/2 cup packed dark brown sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: To prepare the turkey, preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Rinse the turkey under cold running water and pat dry with paper towels. Tear the bread into small pieces and place in a large bowl. Add the parsley, onions, celery, sage, thyme, celery salt, and pepper and mix well. Stir in the butter. Lightly fill the cavity of the turkey with some of the stuffing (a general rule of thumb is 1/2 cup stuffing per each pound of turkey). Butter a covered baking dish large enough to hold the remaining stuffing loosely and set aside. Tuck the wings under and tie the legs together. Brush all over with addit <END>
INPUT: tortillas, all purpose flour, salt, baking powder, vegetable shortening, hot water
OUTPUT: TITLE: Homemade Flour Tortillas | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 1/2 cups all-purpose flour; 1 teaspoon salt; 1/2 teaspoon baking powder; 1/3 cup vegetable shortening; 1/3 cup hot water, or as necessary | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. Combine the flour, salt, and baking powder in a large bowl. Add the shortening and hot water, mixing until a soft dough forms. 2. Divide the dough into 16 pieces and shape each into a ball (these are called testales). On a floured surface, using a floured rolling pin, roll out each ball to a 6-inch circle. 3. Heat a griddle until hot. Place a tortilla on the griddle and cook until the bottom is lightly browned in spots, 1 to 2 minutes; the tortilla will puff up. Turn and cook until lightly browned in spots on the second side. Place in a towel-lined basket and cover with the towel to keep wa <END>
INPUT: Asian, baby bok choy, unsalted butter, miso paste, olive oil, lemon juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Baby Bok Choy with Miso Butter | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 pounds baby bok choy (about 6 heads) or Shanghai bok choy; 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature; 3 tablespoons white or yellow miso paste; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1 tablespoon freshly squeezed lemon juice; Pinch of kosher salt; Freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Cut the leaves away from the bok choy stalks. Halve the stalks lengthwise. Rinse the leaves and stalks well, then pat dry to remove any excess water. In a small bowl, mix together the butter and miso with a fork until well combined. Set aside. Prepare a medium-hot fire in a charcoal or gas grill. Put the bok choy stalks in a large bowl. Using your hands (or a fork), coat the bok choy with the miso butter. Arrange the bok choy, cut side down, on the grill grate. (If you have a grill screen, set it on top of the grate before adding the bok choy, to keep the stalks from falling through the gaps.) <END>
INPUT: Mexican, soft, tacos, fish, flour tortillas, pico de gallo, beans, sour cream
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fish Soft Tacos with Pico De Gallo-Black Bean Sauce | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 6 ounces cooked fish, such as baked cod; 4 flour tortillas; 1/2 cup pico de gallo; 1 can black beans, drained; 1/4 cup sour cream; 1/2 teaspoon ground cumin; Mixed stir fried vegetables, recipe below; Lime wedges; 2 teaspoons olive oil; 1 cup sliced red onion; 1 carrot, peeled and thinly sliced; 1 green bell pepper, seeded and sliced; 1 red bell pepper, seeded and sliced; 1 bunch asparagus, ends trimmed and spears cut into 2-inch pieces | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat oven to 425 degrees F. Heat fish and all 4 tortillas in a stack and wrapped in foil on a baking sheet for 8 to 10 minutes. In a bowl, combine pico de gallo, beans, sour cream and cumin. Arrange fish on tortillas and top with pico de gallo-black bean sauce and mixed stir fried vegetables. Serve with a lime wedge on the side. Heat oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Add onion, carrot, bell peppers, and asparagus and saute 3 to 5 minutes, until soft. 8 servings (or 4 servings for fish tacos, and leftovers for another dish like Robin's Mixed Vegetable Qu <END>
INPUT: salad, artichokes, porcini mushrooms, olive oil, foie gras, mesclun
OUTPUT: TITLE: Porcini, Artichoke and Foie Gras Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 medium artichokes; 1 pound porcini mushrooms; 5 tablespoons olive oil; 8 ounces foie gras, 2 1/2 inch slices and cut in half to yield 4 pieces; 4 cups mesclun; Coarse salt; 1/4 cup walnuts, roughly chopped; 2 tablespoons chopped chives; 1/4 cup lemon juice; 1/4 cup soy sauce; 1/4 cup truffle juice; 3/4 cup olive oil; Salt and freshly ground pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Remove the tough outer leaves of the artichoke and remove the choke with a spoon. Slice the artichoke hearts into thin slices (about 1/8-inch thick). Clean the porcini mushrooms and remove the stems. Cut into "batonnets" slices that are 1 1/2 inch long by 1/4-inch thick. In a saute pan saute the artichokes in 2 tablespoons olive oil, seasoning with salt and pepper. Cook until the artichokes are slightly caramelized. In another pan, saute the mushrooms in 3 tablespoons olive oil, seasoned with salt and pepper until they are slightly caramelized. Lightly flour the foie gras on both sides. Sear i <END>
INPUT: bites, virgin olive oil, Two packages merguez, puff pastry, egg, caraway seeds
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spicy Sausage Bites | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil; Two 8.5-ounce packages merguez sausage or spicy lamb sausage; 10 ounces store-bought puff pastry, cut into 1-by-3-inch strips; 1 egg, beaten; 1/2 teaspoon caraway seeds; 1/2 cup sour cream; 1/4 cup chopped fresh mint; 1/4 teaspoon salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Line a baking sheet with parchment paper. Preheat a large skillet over medium-high heat. Add the oil to the pan, followed by the sausages. Sear the sausages on all sides, 6 to 8 minutes. Remove to a plate and let cool to room temperature. Cut the sausages into 1 1/2-inch pieces and roll the each piece in a strip of puff pastry. Place the wrapped sausages, seam side down, on the prepared baking sheet. Brush the tops of the rolls with egg and sprinkle with the caraway seeds. Refrigerate for 30 minutes before baking. Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Transfer the baking sheet to the preheated ov <END>
INPUT: Italian, peppery, olive oil, garlic, onion, chile flakes, orzo
OUTPUT: TITLE: Peppery Parmesan Orzo | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons olive oil; 2 cloves garlic, chopped; 1 red onion, chopped; Pinch red chile flakes; 3 cups orzo; 1/2 cup dry white wine; 3 cups chicken broth; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 3 cups chopped arugula; 1/2 cup grated Parmesan; 1 tablespoon unsalted butter | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large saucepan, heat the olive oil over medium heat. Add the garlic, onions and chile flakes and cook until the onions soften, about 3 minutes. Add the orzo and white wine and cook until the wine is absorbed, 2 to 3 minutes. Add the chicken broth, some salt and pepper and 2 cups water and bring to a simmer. Cook, stirring often, until the orzo is tender and cooked through, about 20 minutes. Stir in the arugula, Parmesan and butter and serve. <END>
INPUT: lada, lime juice, Sriracha, Worcestershire sauce, Mexican lager, Lime wheel garnish
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sriracha-Lada | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 ounce fresh lime juice; 2 teaspoons Sriracha; 1/2 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce; Mexican lager (such as Pacifico); Lime wheel garnish; salt rimmed pint glass | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine 1 ounce fresh lime juice, 2 teaspoons Sriracha, and 1/2 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce in a salt-rimmed pint glass filled with ice. Top off with Mexican lager (such as Pacifico). Garnish with a lime wheel. Combine 1 ounce fresh lime juice, 2 teaspoons Sriracha, and 1/2 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce in a salt-rimmed pint glass filled with ice. Top off with Mexican lager (such as Pacifico). Garnish with a lime wheel. <END>
INPUT: American, warm, salad, garlic, balsamic vinegar, Dijon mustard, olive oil, cabbage
OUTPUT: TITLE: Warm Red Cabbage Salad with Roast Chicken and Gorgonzola Cheese | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 large garlic cloves; 1/4 cup balsamic vinegar; 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard; 1 cup olive oil; 3 cups thinly sliced red cabbage; 2 1/2 cups shredded cooked chicken; 1 small fennel bulb, thinly sliced; 1 head radicchio, thinly sliced; 1 small red onion, thinly sliced; 1 cup coarsely chopped toasted walnuts; 1 small carrot, peeled, cut into matchstick-size pieces; 1 pear, peeled, cored, cut into 16 slices; 1 cup crumbled Gorgonzola cheese (about 4 ounces) | INSTRUCTIONS: Finely chop garlic cloves in processor. Add 1/4 cup balsamic vinegar and 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard and blend until smooth. With machine running, gradually add olive oil and process until well blended. Season dressing to taste with salt and pepper; set aside. Combine cabbage, chicken, fennel, radicchio, onion, walnuts, carrot and pear slices in large bowl. Pour enough dressing over salad to coat. Toss well. Working in batches, sauté salad mixture in large skillet over medium heat until salad is warm and cabbage is slightly wilted, about 5 minutes. Divide salad among 4 plates. Sprinkle 1/4 cup  <END>
INPUT: crusted, salad, beefsteak tomatoes, Vidalia onions, Salt, Pepper, Canola oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cornmeal Crusted Catfish with Grilled Tomato and Sweet Onion Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 beefsteak tomatoes, sliced into 1/2 inch slices; 2 Vidalia onions, sliced into 1/2 inch slices; Salt; Black Pepper; Canola oil; 2 tablespoons balsamic vinegar; 2 tablespoons fresh thyme, chopped; 1 cup cornmeal; 1 teaspoon cayenne Pepper; 4 catfish fillets | INSTRUCTIONS: Season the tomatoes and onions with salt and pepper on both sides. Brush the tomatoes and onions with canola oil on both sides. Place tomatoes and onions on a hot grill and grill for 3 minutes per side. Remove from the grill and coarsely chop. Place in a bowl and add balsamic vinegar and thyme. Check for seasoning. Set aside. In a shallow dish, combine cornmeal, salt, pepper and cayenne pepper. Lightly dredge the catfish fillets in the cornmeal, pressing lightly to make the cornmeal stick well. Place a saute pan on the grill and heat. When the pan is hot, add 3 tablespoons of canola oil and he <END>
INPUT: Asian, shiitakes, Kosher salt, vegetable oil, shiitake mushrooms, soba noodles, shelled edamame
OUTPUT: TITLE: Soba Noodles with Shiitakes and Edamame | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: Kosher salt; 2 tablespoons vegetable oil; 12 ounces shiitake mushrooms, stemmed and sliced; 12 ounces soba noodles; 1 cup frozen shelled edamame; 1 bunch cilantro (about 2 cups leaves); 1 bunch mint (about 1 cup leaves); 1 bunch scallions, roughly chopped; 1 1/2 tablespoons soy sauce; 1 1/2 tablespoons rice vinegar (not seasoned); 1 tablespoon Sriracha (Asian chile sauce); 1 1/2 teaspoons toasted sesame oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Meanwhile, heat the vegetable oil in a medium skillet over medium-high heat. Add the mushrooms and season with salt. Cook, stirring occasionally, until golden and tender, about 4 minutes. Transfer to a large bowl; let cool slightly. Add the noodles and edamame to the boiling water. Cook until the noodles are al dente, 5 to 6 minutes. Drain and run under cold water until cool; add to the bowl with the mushrooms. Pulse all but a few cilantro leaves, the mint, scallions, 2 tablespoons water, the soy sauce, vinegar, Sriracha and sesame oil in a food pro <END>
INPUT: Italian, pork tenderloin, sun tomato pesto, Salt pepper, balsamic vinegar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sun-dried Tomato Pesto-Stuffed Pork | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: Cooking spray; 2 1/2 pounds pork tenderloin; 1 cup prepared sun-dried tomato pesto; Salt and ground black pepper; 1/4 cup balsamic vinegar; 2 tablespoons prepared honey mustard; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh thyme leaves; 2 cups quick-cooking rice, prepared according to package directions | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. Coat a shallow roasting pan with cooking spray. Using a sharp knife, cut pork lengthwise 3/4 of the way through. Place in a prepared pan and spread sun-dried tomato pesto in the incision. Fold pork back in half and use a metal or wooden skewer to close the seam. Season with salt and black pepper. In a small bowl, combine vinegar, honey mustard and thyme. Spoon mixture over pork. Roast 45 minutes, until an instant-read thermometer reads 155 degrees F (pork may still be pink in the center and that's O.K.). Let pork rest for at least 1 <END>
INPUT: French, salad, vinaigrette, quail eggs, garlic, Dijon mustard, Sherry vinegar, heavy cream
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Quail Salad with Creamy Garlic Vinaigrette | CUISINE: French | INGREDIENTS: 12 quail eggs; 1 small garlic clove, minced; 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard; 1 tablespoon Sherry vinegar; 1/4 cup heavy cream; 2 tablespoons corn or canola oil; 2 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil; Freshly ground black pepper; 1 red bell pepper, roasted and peeled; Leaves of 1 Boston lettuce; 1 bunch watercress, coarse stems removed; 4 ounces white mushrooms (about 6 medium), sliced; 4 semi-boneless jumbo quail ( rib cage and backbone removed, wings and legs left intact), 6 to 8 ounces each; Corn or canola oil, for rubbing on quail; 2 teaspoons chopped fresh tarragon leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: In a saucepan cover the eggs with cold water, bring the water just to a boil, and simmer the eggs for 5 minutes. Pour out the water, add cold water to the pan, and let the eggs cool until they can be handled. Shell eggs carefully and halve them lengthwise. In a small bowl stir together garlic, mustard, vinegar, and cream. Add oils in a slow stream, whisking until emulsified, and season with pepper and salt. Cut pepper into 1/4-inch dice. Prepare grill. Halve each quail lengthwise through breast and pat dry. Rub quail lightly all over with oil and season with pepper and salt. Grill quail in a h <END>
INPUT: American, rustic, crostata, apples, lightly dark sugar, cornstarch, lemon juice, cinnamon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Rustic Apple Pie Crostata | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 5 medium apples, peeled, cored and sliced into 1/8-inch-thick slices (about 4 cups); 1/2 cup plus 3 tablespoons lightly packed dark brown sugar; 2 tablespoons cornstarch; 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice; 2 teaspoons ground cinnamon; 1/4 cup old-fashioned rolled oats; 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted; 2 tablespoons all-purpose flour; 1/4 teaspoon kosher salt; One 9-inch piecrust, store-bought or homemade, such as Butter Pie Crust, rolled to an 11- to 12-inch diameter, recipe follows; 1 egg, lightly beaten; 1 tablespoon raw (turbinado) sugar; 1 3/4 cups all-purpose flour, plus more for dusting; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 2 tablespoons sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper. In a large bowl, combine the apples with 1/2 cup of the brown sugar, the cornstarch, lemon juice and cinnamon. In another small bowl, combine the remaining 3 tablespoons brown sugar, the oats, butter, flour and salt. Place the piecrust on the prepared baking sheet. Spoon the apple mixture in the middle of the pie, leaving about a 1-inch border. Fold the crust edges over the filling, pleating occasionally. Spoon the oat mixture over the apples. Brush the crust with the egg and sprinkle with the raw sugar. Bake until th <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, smashed, Yukon gold potatoes, virgin olive oil, lemon, Salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Olive Oil Smashed Potatoes | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 2 pounds small Yukon gold potatoes; 3/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 1 lemon, zested; Salt and pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Put the potatoes in a large saucepan with salted cold water to cover and bring to a boil over high heat. Cook until tender, about 15 minutes. Drain and return to the pot. Smash the potatoes with a large fork or potato masher. Add lemon zest and olive oil. Fold into potatoes. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. <END>
INPUT: olive oil, rosemary leaves, lemon, pepper, four eye steaks
OUTPUT: TITLE: Rib-Eye Steaks with Arugula Oil | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cups olive oil; 2 teaspoons finely chopped fresh rosemary leaves; 1 lemon, sliced thin; 1 teaspoons freshly ground black pepper; four 1-inch-thick rib-eye steaks (about 10 ounces each); 1 cup packed arugula leaves, washed and dried; 2/3 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 2 red bell peppers, quick roasted and peeled; 2 yellow bell peppers, quick roasted and peeled; 1 tablespoon olive oil; 5 cups packed arugula leaves, washed and dried; Accompaniment: Ricotta Whipped Potatoes | INSTRUCTIONS: To quick roast and peel peppers: Broiler method: Preheat broiler. Quarter peppers lengthwise, discarding stems, seeds, and ribs. Put peppers, skin side up, on a rack of a broiler pan and broil about 2 inches from heat until skins are blistered and charred, 8 to 12 minutes. Transfer peppers to a bowl and let stand, covered, until cool enough to handle. Peel peppers. (Wear rubber gloves when handling chilies.) Preheat broiler. Quarter peppers lengthwise, discarding stems, seeds, and ribs. Put peppers, skin side up, on a rack of a broiler pan and broil about 2 inches from heat until skins are bli <END>
INPUT: strawberry, egg yolks, sugar, pure vanilla extract, salt, half half
OUTPUT: TITLE: Extra-Rich Strawberry Ice Cream | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 large egg yolks; 1/2 cup sugar; 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract; Pinch salt; 1 cup half and half; 1 cup heavy cream; 1 pint strawberries | INSTRUCTIONS: In a bowl, whisk together the egg yolks, sugar, vanilla, and salt. Pour the half-and-half and cream into the top of a double boiler and heat over hot water until hot, but not boiling. Stir with a wooden spoon, scraping the bottom of the pan to prevent sticking. Slowly pour the hot cream into the eggs and whisk until smooth. Return to the double boiler and cook over medium-low until thick and bubbling around the edges. The custard will coat a wooden spoon. Strain the custard through a fine-mesh sieve into a metal bowl. Cover and chill for at least 4 hours or overnight. Rinse and hull the berrie <END>
INPUT: American, elbow macaroni, cubed butternut squash, nonfat milk, nonfat, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Butternut Squash Mac and Cheese | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound elbow macaroni; 3 cups peeled and cubed butternut squash; 1 1/2 cups nonfat milk; 1 1/4 cups nonfat, low-sodium chicken broth; 2 cloves garlic, peeled; 2 tablespoons plain nonfat Greek yogurt; 2 teaspoons salt; 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 1 1/4 cups shredded Gruyere; 1 cup grated Romano cheese; 1 cup finely grated sharp Cheddar; 1 cup grated part-skim mozzarella | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Bring a large pot of water to a boil and cook the macaroni; drain well. Combine the squash, milk, broth and garlic in a medium saucepan and bring to a boil over medium-high heat. Reduce the heat to medium and simmer until the squash is tender when pierced with a fork, about 25 minutes. Put the hot squash mixture in a blender and add the Greek yogurt, salt and pepper. Replace the blender lid with a clean towel (to let steam escape without the mess) and blend until smooth. Put the squash mixture in a bowl and stir in the Gruyere, Romano, 1/2 cup of the Cheddar  <END>
INPUT: lemons, artichokes, bread crumbs, Parmigiano Reggiano, Pecorino Romano
OUTPUT: TITLE: Stuffed Artichokes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 lemons; 4 medium artichokes; 3 cups fresh bread crumbs; 1/3 cup freshly grated Parmigiano-Reggiano; 1/3 cup freshly grated Pecorino Romano; 6 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 2 to 3 tablespoons coarsely chopped parsley leaves; 2 tablespoons coarsely chopped fresh oregano leaves; Coarse salt and freshly ground pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Zest 1 lemon; set zest aside. Cut the lemon in half and squeeze juice into a large bowl of water, add lemon rinds. Trim artichokes; working with 1 at a time, snap off outer tough bottom leaves. Cut off upper third of artichoke. Snip remaining leaf tips with scissors. Trim long stem leaving a flat bottom. Peel stem and place in acidulated water. Gently spread artichoke leaves away from center, revealing choke. Remove choke with a spoon and discard. Place artichoke in acidulated water. Repeat with remaining artichokes. In a medium bowl, combine breadcrumbs, Parmigi <END>
INPUT: green, chile, unsalted butter, Spanish onion, carrot, celery, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lobster and Green Chile Bisque with Toasted Corn Relish | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1 medium Spanish onion, coarsely chopped; 1 large carrot, coarsely chopped; 2 stalks celery, coarsely chopped; 3 cloves garlic, finely chopped; 2 (1 1/2 pound) live lobsters; 1/2 cup water, plus 3 cups; 1/4 cup dry sherry; 2 cups white wine; 8 sprigs parsley; 8 sprigs cilantro; 1 bay leaf; 8 white peppercorns; 2 roasted poblano peppers, peeled, seeded and pureed; Salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat butter in a large saucepan over medium heat. Add the onions, carrots, celery, and garlic and cook until soft. Do not allow them to obtain color. Plunge a knife between the eyes of the lobsters to dispatch them. Then split them in half lengthwise, and remove the sand sack. Separate into tail, claw, and chest pieces and add the sections to the vegetables. Add 1/2-cup water and cover the pan with a lid for 4 minutes. Remove lid and allow the water to evaporate, then turn off the heat. Remove the lobster pieces from the pan and set aside. When cool enough to handle, remove the meat from the t <END>
INPUT: Mexican, cooler, brewed hibiscus tea, tequila, superfine sugar, lemon, lime
OUTPUT: TITLE: Hibiscus Tequila Cooler | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup brewed hibiscus tea; 4 tablespoons tequila, reposado preferred; 1 to 2 tablespoons superfine sugar; 1 lemon, juiced; 1 lime, juiced, plus 1 wedge for garnish; 1 orange, juiced; Ice, for serving | INSTRUCTIONS: Place the hibiscus tea, tequila, superfine sugar, lemon juice, lime juice and orange juice in a shaker with ice. Shake vigorously and pour in a rocks glass filled with ice. Garnish with a lime wedge and enjoy. <END>
INPUT: sauce, champagne, heavy whipping cream, butter, dozen Atlantic oysters
OUTPUT: TITLE: Oysters in Champagne Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup champagne; 2 cups heavy whipping cream; 1/4 cup butter; 1 dozen fresh Atlantic oysters, preferably Blue Point, shucked and shelled (save shells for refilling) | INSTRUCTIONS: In a medium saucepan, reduce 1 cup of champagne to approximately 1/4 cup of liquid. Add the cream and reduce mixture to 1 cup of liquid. Add butter and stir until butter melts and thickens the mixture. Toss in shucked oysters and remove from heat. Place one oyster and some sauce in each saved shell. Garnish with chives and serve immediately. <END>
INPUT: soup, greens, split peas, fully smoked pork, Turkish bay leaves, kale
OUTPUT: TITLE: Split Pea Soup with Smoked Sausage and Greens | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 16-ounce bag dried green split peas (2 1/3 cups); 12 ounces fully cooked smoked pork linguiça or andouille sausages; 8 cups (or more) low-salt chicken broth; 5 Turkish bay leaves; 3 to 4 cups coarsely chopped kale | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine split peas, whole sausages, 8 cups broth, and bay leaves in heavy large pot. Bring to boil over medium-high heat, stirring often. Cover, reduce heat to low, and simmer until peas are tender, stirring occasionally, 30 to 35 minutes. Transfer sausages to cutting board. Cut lengthwise in half, then crosswise into 1/4-inch-thick half-rounds. Puree soup (including bay leaves) 1 cup at a time in blender until smooth; return to same pot. Add sausages and greens. Thin with more broth if necessary. Simmer soup until greens soften, 3 to 4 minutes. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Combine sp <END>
INPUT: Indian, moroccan, garlic, julienned mint leaves, turmeric, coriander seeds, cumin
OUTPUT: TITLE: Moroccan Grilled Lamb Chops | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 6 large garlic cloves; 1/3 cup julienned fresh mint leaves; 1 1/2 tablespoons ground turmeric; 1 tablespoon whole coriander seeds; 1 tablespoon ground cumin; 1 tablespoon grated lemon zest (2 lemons); Kosher salt; 5 tablespoons good olive oil, plus extra for the grill; 3 racks of lamb (6 to 7 ribs each), cut into chops; 1 1/2 cups plain whole-milk Greek yogurt (12 ounces); 1 1/2 teaspoons Sriracha; 3 tablespoons freshly squeezed lemon juice; Couscous with Pine Nuts and Mint, for serving, recipe follows; 2 tablespoons good olive oil; 1 tablespoon unsalted butter | INSTRUCTIONS: Place the garlic, mint, turmeric, coriander, cumin, lemon zest, and 2 1/2 teaspoons salt in the bowl of a food processor fitted with the steel blade and process until finely ground. Add the olive oil and pulse to combine. Place the chops in one or two non-metal dishes large enough to hold them in one layer. Spread the garlic and herb mixture evenly on both sides. In a small bowl, whisk together the yogurt, Sriracha, and lemon juice, and spread it evenly on the lamb chops. Cover, refrigerate, and allow to marinate for 6 to 24 hours. Prepare a charcoal grill with hot coals and oil the cooking gr <END>
INPUT: fruity, bundt, apricots, tart cherries, golden raisins, gold rum, all purpose flour
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fruity Rum Bundt Cake | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup chopped dried apricots; 1/2 cup dried tart cherries; 1/2 cup golden raisins; 1/2 cup plus 2 tablespoons gold rum, divided; 3 tablespoons plus 3 cups all-purpose flour, plus more for pan; 1 cup (2 sticks) unsalted butter, room temperature, plus more for pan; 5 teaspoons baking powder; 1 1/2 teaspoons kosher salt; 1/4 teaspoon ground cloves; 2 tablespoons vegetable oil; 1 1/4 cups plus 2 tablespoons (or more) sour cream; 2 cups raw sugar, plus more for serving; 1 vanilla bean, split lengthwise; 7 large egg yolks; 1 large egg | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine apricots, cherries, raisins, and 1/2 cup rum in a small bowl and let sit 30 minutes to allow fruit to rehydrate. Drain, reserving rum. Sprinkle fruit with 3 Tbsp. flour and toss to coat; set aside. Preheat oven to 350°F. Thoroughly butter pan, making sure to get into all the curved or ridged places; dust pan with flour (do this even if your pan has a nonstick coating). Whisk baking powder, salt, cloves, and 3 cups flour in a medium bowl to combine. Whisk reserved rum, oil, and 1 1/4 cups sour cream in another medium bowl to combine. Using an electric mixer on high speed, beat 2 cups ra <END>
INPUT: beignets, all purpose flour, fruity, egg yolks, vegetable oil, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Peach Beignets | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/4 cups all-purpose flour; 3/4 cup fruity, light white wine (recommended: Pinot Blanc or Pinot Grigio); 2 egg yolks; 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, plus vegetable oil, for frying; 1/8 teaspoon salt; 4 peaches, fresh or frozen; 2 egg whites; 2 tablespoons granulated sugar; Confectioners' sugar; Creme fraiche, optional | INSTRUCTIONS: Put the flour in a mixing bowl and make a well in the center. Pour the wine, egg yolks, vegetable oil and salt in the well and whisk the wet ingredients together. Gradually whisk the flour into the wet ingredients to make a batter. When smooth, set aside 20 minutes. With the tip of a sharp knife, cut the peaches in half from top to bottom. Pit them by unscrewing the 2 halves, pulling away from the pit. Cut each half into 3 even wedges (there's no need to peel them) and set aside. Heat the vegetable oil in a deep fryer or 2 inches of oil in a deep, heavy pot to 350 degrees F. Using a mixer fitt <END>
INPUT: herb, plum tomatoes, plain bread crumbs, Parmigiano Reggiano, thyme leaves, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Garlic and Herb Broiled Tomatoes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 plum tomatoes; 1 cup plain bread crumbs; 1/3 cup grated Parmigiano-Reggiano; 1 teaspoon chopped fresh thyme leaves; 1 clove garlic, finely minced; 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; Salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat broiler to medium high. Cut plum tomatoes in 1/2 lengthwise. Squeeze or scoop out most of the pulp and seeds. Place the tomatoes flesh side up in a heat safe dish and season them with salt and pepper. In a bowl combine the bread crumbs, Parmigiano, thyme, garlic and olive oil. Season mixture with pepper and sprinkle over the tomatoes. Place tomatoes under the broiler for 5 minutes or until golden brown <END>
INPUT: panna, cotta, envelope unflavored powdered, heavy cream, sugar, buttermilk, apricots
OUTPUT: TITLE: Buttermilk Panna Cotta with Apricot and Candied Fennel | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 envelope unflavored powdered gelatin (about 2 1/2 teaspoons); 2 3/4 cups heavy cream, divided; 2/3 cup plus 3 tablespoons sugar; 3 cups buttermilk; 3/4 cup dried apricots, preferably Californian, finely chopped; 1 tablespoon fennel seeds | INSTRUCTIONS: Place 1/4 cup cold water in a small bowl. Sprinkle gelatin over; let stand 10 minutes. Heat 1/2 cup cream in a medium saucepan over medium heat until very warm (it will deactivate the gelatin if it gets too hot). Remove from heat, add gelatin and 2/3 cup sugar, and whisk until they are completely dissolved. Gradually stir in remaining 2 1/4 cups cream, then buttermilk. Divide among eight small bowls or 6-ounce ramekins and chill until set, at least 4 hours. Meanwhile, bring apricots, 2 tablespoons sugar, and 1 cup water to a boil in a small saucepan, reduce heat, and simmer, stirring occasiona <END>
INPUT: rabbit, all purpose flour, grapeseed oil, butter, celery
OUTPUT: TITLE: Rabbit Stew | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 pounds rabbit, cut into stew-sized pieces; 1 1/2 cups all-purpose flour; 1/4 cup grapeseed oil; 3 tablespoons butter; 1 cup celery, diced; 2 cups diced carrots; 2 onions, finely diced; Salt; Freshly ground black pepper; 3 bay leaves; 6 cups water; 4 cups red wine; 4 medium-sized potatoes, diced; 1/2 cup sliced sauteed mushrooms | INSTRUCTIONS: Using half the flour (3/4 cup) coat the pieces of rabbit, shaking off any excess. Heat the oil and butter in a large heavy-bottomed saucepan, and brown the floured rabbit on all sides. Add the celery, carrots, onions, salt, pepper, bay leaves, 6 cups water and red wine, and stew for about 2 hours. Add the potatoes 45 minutes into the stewing process. Once the rabbit and all the vegetables are cooked, use some water to form a paste with the remaining 3/4 cup flour. Stir the flour mixture into the pot as a thickener. Add the already sauteed mushrooms to the stew and allow to simmer for about 10  <END>
INPUT: Asian, chunky, barbecue, virgin olive oil, onion, pepper, mangos, Salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chunky Ginger-Mango Barbecue Sauce with Mixed Grill | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil, plus some for drizzling; 1 medium red onion, chopped; 1 small red pepper, seeded and chopped; 2 mangos, peeled and chopped; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1/4 cup tamari sauce; 2 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce; 1 (1-inch) piece ginger root, peeled; 1 orange, zested and juiced; 1 lime, zested and juiced; 1/4 cup honey; 1 cup chicken stock; Hot sauce, a tablespoon or so; 4 pieces boneless skinless chicken breasts or thighs; 4 loin lamb chops | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat 1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil in a sauce pot or grill pan over medium-high heat. Add onions, peppers and saute to soften 3 to 4 minutes, then add mango and season with salt and pepper. Stir in soy sauce, Worcestershire, ginger, a little zest of citrus fruits, honey, stock and hot sauce. Cook the sauce for 10 minutes, add the orange and lime juice and cook for 2 minutes more, to thicken. Remove the ginger chunk. Heat a grill pan over medium-high heat. Coat the meats with a drizzle of olive oil and season with salt and pepper. Grill the chicken breasts 12 minutes turning once and the  <END>
INPUT: bake, blueberry, graham crackers, old fashioned oats, salt, unsalted butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: No-Bake Blueberry Cheesecake with Graham Cracker Crust | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 9 whole graham crackers; 1/2 cup old-fashioned oats; 3 tablespoons (packed) golden brown sugar; 1/8 teaspoon salt; 5 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; 1/4 cup water; 1 tablespoon unflavored gelatin (measured from 2 envelopes); 12 ounces Philadelphia-brand cream cheese, room temperature; 1 cup heavy whipping cream; 1 cup sugar; 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice; 3 cups fresh blueberries; 1 cup chilled heavy whipping cream; 1 tablespoon sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: For crust: Preheat oven to 350°F. Blend first 4 ingredients in processor until graham crackers are finely ground. Add butter and vanilla; process until moist crumbs form. Press crumb mixture onto bottom and 1 inch up sides of 9-inch-diameter springform pan. Bake crust until deep golden brown, about 12 minutes. Cool. Preheat oven to 350°F. Blend first 4 ingredients in processor until graham crackers are finely ground. Add butter and vanilla; process until moist crumbs form. Press crumb mixture onto bottom and 1 inch up sides of 9-inch-diameter springform pan. Bake crust until deep golden brown, <END>
INPUT: lamb, olive oil, onions, garlic, carrots
OUTPUT: TITLE: Yogurt Braised Leg of Lamb | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 1/2 pounds of lamb (deboned and cut in 1-inch pieces); 4 tablespoons olive oil; 2 large onions, peeled and cut into medium dice; 2 large garlic cloves, peeled and sliced; 4 medium carrots, peeled and sliced on the bias; 3 bay leaves; 1/4 cup dried oregano, crushed; 2 tablespoons black pepper freshly ground; 4 large potatoes peeled, cut into medium dice; 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar; 1/2 cup lemon juice; 1 quart yogurt, strained*, reserve 4-ounces for garnish; 3 quarts water; Salt and pepper, to taste; Pita bread, optional | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat oil over medium high heat in a large pot. Brown the lamb pieces in batches. Remove the meat and reserve. Add the onions, garlic, carrots, bay leaves, dried oregano, black pepper, and potatoes. Cook until the potatoes are lightly browned. Deglaze the pot the red wine vinegar. Add the lamb pieces. Allow the liquid to reduce until dry. Add the lemon juice and yogurt. Mix well. Add water and bring to a boil. Reduce heat, cover, and simmer slowly for 1 to 1 1/2 hours until the lamb is tender. Periodically skim off any froth that has risen to the top of the pot. Season with salt and black peppe <END>
INPUT: fingers, Hellmann's® Best Foods®, corn flakes, Parmesan cheese
OUTPUT: TITLE: Honey Mustard Chicken Fingers | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 Tbsp. Hellmann's® or Best Foods® Light Mayonnaise; 1 Tbsp. Hellmann's® or Best Foods® Honey Mustard; 1 lb. boneless, skinless chicken breasts, cut into strips; 1-1/2 cups finely crushed corn flakes; 1/4 cup grated Parmesan cheese | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. Preheat oven to 425 degrees F. Combine Hellmann's® or Best Foods® Light Mayonnaise, Creamy Dijon Mustard and honey in medium bowl; reserve 1/2 for dipping. 2. Add chicken to remaining mayonnaise mixture; stir to coat. Mix corn flakes with Parmesan Cheese, then roll chicken in crumbs. 3. Arrange on ungreased baking sheet. Bake 10 minutes or until chicken is thoroughly cooked. Serve with reserved honey mustard sauce. <END>
INPUT: American, macaroni, garlic, olive oil, shallots, milk, whipping cream
OUTPUT: TITLE: Macaroni and Cheese with Ham | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 head of garlic; 1 1/2 tablespoons olive oil; 2 large shallots, minced; 2 cups whole milk; 2 cups whipping cream; 1/2 teaspoon chopped fresh thyme; 1/8 teaspoon finely grated lemon peel; 8 ounces extra-sharp cheddar cheese, shredded; 1/2 cup grated Parmesan cheese; 1 pound ditalini or conchiglie pasta; 8 ounces Westphalian or Black Forest ham, cut into 1/4-inch pieces (about 2 cups); 1 tablespoon chopped fresh parsley | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350°F. Cut top 1/4 inch off head of garlic to expose cloves. Place garlic, cut side up, on sheet of foil. Drizzle with 1/2 tablespoon oil; sprinkle with salt and pepper. Wrap garlic with foil to enclose tightly. Bake until skin is golden brown and cloves are tender, about 55 minutes. Cool. Squeeze cloves from skin. Heat remaining 1 tablespoon oil in large saucepan over medium heat. Add shallots; sauté until tender, about 4 minutes. Whisk in milk, cream, thyme, lemon peel, and roasted garlic. Simmer over medium heat until reduced to 2 3/4 cups, about 30 minutes. Reduce heat to l <END>
INPUT: American, flatbread, canola oil, merguez sausage, Spanish onion, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Moroccan Eggs with Flatbread and Goat Cheese | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 4 to 6 pieces flatbread, such as pita, naan or lavash; 3 to 4 tablespoons canola oil; 12 ounces merguez sausage, casings removed; 1 medium Spanish onion, halved and thinly sliced; 2 cloves garlic, minced; One 28-ounce can plum tomatoes, coarsely crushed; 1 to 2 tablespoons harissa, depending on how spicy you want it; 1 tablespoon ras el hanout (Moroccan spice blend); 1 teaspoon Spanish sweet smoked paprika; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; Honey, as needed, optional; 8 large eggs; 4 ounces soft goat cheese, crumbled; 1/4 cup coarsely chopped fresh cilantro; 1/4 cup coarsely chopped fresh flat-leaf parsley | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 250 degrees F. Wrap the flatbread in foil and place in the oven to warm while you are making the eggs. Heat the canola oil in a large, high-sided saute pan over high heat until it begins to shimmer. Add the sausage and cook until golden brown and just cooked through, about 3 minutes. Add the onions and cook until softened and lightly golden brown. Add the garlic and cook for 1 minute. Add the tomatoes, harissa, ras el hanout, paprika and 1 cup of water to the pan and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat to medium low and cook until the sauce thickens, about 15 minutes. Season w <END>
INPUT: rellenos, sauce, poblano chiles, cumin seeds, unpeeled Yukon Gold, sharp cheddar cheese, oregano oregano leaves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pork Chops with Chiles Rellenos and Ancho Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 large fresh poblano chiles,* stemmed; 1 teaspoon cumin seeds; 12 ounces unpeeled Yukon Gold potatoes or baby Dutch potatoes, cut into 1/3-inch cubes (about 2 1/2 cups); 1 1/4 cups coarsely grated sharp white cheddar cheese (about 4 ounces); 1 tablespoon chopped fresh oregano plus oregano leaves for garnish; 1 cup low-salt chicken broth; 1/2 cup orange juice; 5 teaspoons ancho chile powder,** divided; 1 tablespoon honey; 1 tablespoon Italian double-concentrated tomato paste***; 1 cinnamon stick; 1 garlic clove, pressed; 1 tablespoon coarse kosher salt; 6 1-inch-thick pork loin chops on bone, frenched; Olive oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Char chiles over gas flame or in broiler until blackened all over. Place chiles in bowl; cover tightly with plastic wrap and let steam 15 minutes. Peel, leaving stem intact (do not tear flesh of chiles). Using small sharp knife, cut 1 long slit down side of each chile; carefully remove seeds. Toast cumin seeds in small skillet over medium-high heat until slightly darkened and aromatic, 1 to 2 minutes. Set chiles and cumin aside. Line rimless baking sheet with foil. Cook potatoes in large saucepan of boiling salted water until just tender, about 8 minutes. Drain. Transfer potatoes to medium bow <END>
INPUT: virgin olive oil, garlic, zucchini, summer squash, Kosher salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sauteed Summer Squash and Tomatoes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1 large clove garlic, smashed; 1 pound small zucchini, cut into 3 by 1/2-inch strips; 1 pound small yellow summer squash, cut into 3 by 1/2-inch strips; Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper; 1 cup quartered vine-ripened grape or cherry tomatoes; 8 mint leaves, cut into thin strips | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat a large skillet over medium heat. Add the oil and garlic, and saute until the garlic is golden, about 2 to 3 minutes. Remove and discard the garlic. Increase the heat to high and add the squash. Saute, tossing frequently until crisp-tender, about 5 minutes. Add the tomatoes and mint and cook until warmed, about 1 minute more. Season with salt and pepper to taste. Serve in a warm bowl. <END>
INPUT: sauce, maple syrup, orange, lemon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Apples with Sabayon Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 10 firm, crisp baby apples, cored from the bottom using a melon baller; 1/3 cup, plus 1 tablespoon sugar; 1/4 cup maple syrup; 1 orange, zest julienned; 1 lemon, zest julienned; 3 tablespoons lemon juice; 2 fresh or dried bay leaves; 1/2 vanilla bean, split in half lengthwise; 1/4 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1/4 teaspoon ground mace; Pinch ground nutmeg; 1 whole star anise; 4 tablespoons unsalted butter; Apple Cider Sabayon, recipe follows; 1/4 cup sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 250 degrees F. Place the cored apples, 1 tablespoon sugar, maple syrup, orange zest, lemon zest, lemon juice, bay leaves, vanilla bean, cinnamon, mace, nutmeg, and star anise in a medium mixing bowl. Toss the mixture well to combine. Melt the remaining 1/3 cup sugar in a 10-inch cast iron skillet (or heavy-duty nonstick pan with heat-proof handle) over medium-high heat until the sugar has caramelized, about 4 minutes. If the sugar starts to brown unevenly, stir occasionally with a spoon. Add the butter; cook until melted. Reduce to medium heat. Carefully place the apples in <END>
INPUT: Asian, olive oil, pork, sweet potatoes, shiitake mushrooms, ginger
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pork, Sweet Potato and Shiitake Mushroom Ramen | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon olive oil; 8 ounces ground lean pork; 2 cups small-diced sweet potatoes; 1 cup sliced shiitake mushrooms; 2 teaspoons grated ginger; 3 cloves garlic, minced; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 4 cups low-sodium chicken broth; 2 tablespoons low-sodium soy sauce; 1 tablespoon mirin; 1 tablespoon toasted sesame oil; 1 teaspoon brown sugar; 1/2 teaspoon celery seed; 2 packages ramen noodles (throw out the seasoning packets!); 4 eggs, over easy or poached | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. In a Dutch oven or stockpot, heat the olive oil over medium-high heat. Add the pork and cook until brown, using a wooden spoon to break it up. Use a slotted spoon to transfer the pork to a paper towel-lined plate. Add the sweet potatoes and saute until beginning to become tender, 7 to 8 minutes. Add the mushrooms, ginger and garlic and cook until the mushrooms release their water and begin to brown, 5 to 7 minutes. Season with salt and pepper. Add the chicken broth, using a wooden spoon to scrape up any browned bits on the bottom of the pot. Add the soy sauce, mi <END>
INPUT: waffles, all purpose flour, sugar, baking powder, apple pie spice, fine salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Banana Spice Waffles | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups all-purpose flour; 3 tablespoons sugar; 2 teaspoons baking powder; 1 teaspoon apple pie spice; 1/4 teaspoon fine salt; 1 3/4 cups buttermilk, at room temperature; 2 large eggs; 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted and cooled slightly, plus more for the waffle iron; 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract; 1 very ripe banana, mashed; Warmed honey, sliced bananas and chopped peanuts, for serving | INSTRUCTIONS: Whisk together the flour, sugar, baking powder, apple pie spice and salt in a large bowl. Whisk together the buttermilk and eggs in a medium bowl until well blended and then whisk in the melted butter, vanilla and mashed banana. Pour the buttermilk mixture into the flour mixture and stir until just combined with a few lumps. Set aside for 10 minutes. Preheat the oven to 200 degrees F. Preheat a waffle iron to medium-high. Lightly brush the top and bottom of the waffle iron with butter. Fill each waffle indent about three-quarters full. Close the lid gently and cook until the waffle is golden b <END>
INPUT: Mexican, fajita, filling, onions, olive oil, cumin, smoked paprika, sweet paprika
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fajita-Filling Onions and Peppers | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2 medium yellow onions, either sliced with the grain in 1/2-inch-thick pieces (if using as an accompaniment to meat) or cut into 12 wedges, with the r; 2 teaspoons olive oil; 1/2 teaspoon ground cumin; 1/2 teaspoon smoked paprika; 1/2 teaspoon sweet paprika; 1/4 teaspoon sugar; 3/4 teaspoon salt; 3 bell peppers (red, yellow and orange), sliced into 3/4-inch strips; 3 cloves garlic, minced; 2 tablespoons lime juice | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: a medium slow cooker (4 quarts) Place the onions in the bottom of the slow cooker insert and toss with 1 teaspoon of olive oil to coat. Sprinkle the cumin, smoked and sweet paprika, sugar and 1/2 teaspoon of salt on top of the onions and toss to coat the onions evenly. Lay the sliced peppers on top of the onions. Finally, top the peppers with the minced garlic and remaining salt and olive oil, tossing the pepper slices gently to coat. Cover and cook on low heat for 2 to 4 hours (for firmer veggies) or 4 to 6 hours (for softer, soupier veggies), stirring once about an hour be <END>
INPUT: brett, fava beans, butter, shallots, salt, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Brett Fava Beans | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 pounds fava beans; 3 tablespoons butter; 2 medium shallots, minced; 2 tablespoons salt; 1 tablespoon freshly ground black pepper; 1/2 cup shredded Parmesan | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring a large pot of water to a boil over medium heat. Add the fava beans and cook until tender. Drain the beans and let cool, then peel. Melt the butter in a pan over low heat and cook shallots until translucent. Add the fava beans and cook for 3 minutes. Stir in the salt, pepper and Parmesan. Transfer the beans to a serving bowl and serve. <END>
INPUT: cornbread, nut milk, chia seeds, corn grits, gluten free oat, millet flour
OUTPUT: TITLE: Gluten-Free Skillet Cornbread | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup nut milk; 1 tablespoon chia seeds, ground; 1 cup corn grits; 1/2 cup gluten-free oat flour; 1/4 cup millet flour; 2 tablespoons brown rice flour; 1 tablespoon arrowroot powder; 2 teaspoons aluminum-free baking powder; 1 cup mashed winter squash; 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil, plus more to oil skillet; 1/2 teaspoon sea salt; 1/4 cup maple syrup; 2 scallions, thinly sliced | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Generously oil a 9-inch skillet; set aside. Whisk together the nut milk and chia seeds in a medium bowl to combine; set aside. Grind the corn grits in an electric spice grinder until they're the texture of cornmeal, and add them to another medium bowl. Sift in the oat flour, millet flour, brown rice flour, arrowroot and baking powder, and stir well. Add the squash, oil, salt, maple syrup, 1/4 cup water and scallions to the chia mixture, and whisk to combine. Add the chia mixture to the flour mixture, and stir until just combined. Scrape the dough into the pre <END>
INPUT: muesli, old fashioned oats, apple juice, plain Greek yogurt, pomegranate seeds, almonds
OUTPUT: TITLE: Muesli with Pomegranate and Almonds | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups old-fashioned oats; 1 1/2 cups apple juice; 2 cups plain Greek yogurt; 1 cup pomegranate seeds; 1/2 cup chopped toasted almonds; Honey or agave syrup | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine oats, apple juice, and 1/2 cup water in a large bowl; cover and chill overnight. Mix yogurt into soaked oats. Divide mixture among bowls and, dividing evenly, top with pomegranate seeds and almonds. Drizzle with honey, if desired. Combine oats, apple juice, and 1/2 cup water in a large bowl; cover and chill overnight. Mix yogurt into soaked oats. Divide mixture among bowls and, dividing evenly, top with pomegranate seeds and almonds. Drizzle with honey, if desired. <END>
INPUT: American, stir, oyster sauce, reduced sodium soy, unseasoned rice vinegar, vegetable oil, brussels sprouts
OUTPUT: TITLE: Brussels Sprouts and Steak Stir-Fry | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons oyster sauce; 3 tablespoons reduced-sodium soy sauce; 2 tablespoons unseasoned rice vinegar; 4 tablespoons vegetable oil, divided; 1 pound brussels sprouts, halved; 8 ounces flank or skirt steak, thinly sliced against the grain; Kosher salt; 4 scallions, whites chopped, greens sliced; 3 garlic cloves, sliced; 2 tablespoons chopped peeled ginger; 2 medium carrots, peeled, thinly sliced on a diagonal; 1 Fresno chile or jalapeño, sliced into rings; Steamed rice (for serving) | INSTRUCTIONS: Whisk oyster sauce, soy sauce, vinegar, and 1/4 cup water in a small bowl; set sauce aside. Heat 2 tablespoons oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Add brussels sprouts and cook, tossing occasionally, until golden brown, about 4 minutes. Cover and cook until crisp-tender, about 3 minutes longer. Transfer to a plate; wipe out skillet. Season steak with salt. Heat 1 tablespoon oil in same skillet over high heat until just beginning to smoke. Add steak in a single layer; cook until browned, about 3 minutes. Turn and cook until nearly cooked through, about 30 seconds. Add to brussels spro <END>
INPUT: Indian, crusted, coriander seed, cumin seed, star anise, olive oil, butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Coriander Crusted Tuna | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 1 teaspoon grated coriander seed; 1 teaspoon grated cumin seed; 1 teaspoon grated star anise; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 4 tablespoons butter; 1/2 minced yellow onion; 1/4 large diced red onion; 3 cups white or green cabbage; 1/4 large diced red pepper; 1/4 large diced yellow pepper; 1/4 large diced green pepper; 1 1/2 cups orange juice; Salt and pepper to taste; 1 cup lobster stock; 6 ounces sushi grade tuna | INSTRUCTIONS: Toast spices in saute pan over high heat until aromatic, then grind in a coffee mill. Heat olive oil and butter, then saute minced onions and ground spices. Add cabbage, spices, and diced peppers and cook until tender. Add orange juice and salt and pepper. Let simmer, then add lobster stock and reduce. Dredge tuna in coriander crust. Pan sear to to temperature. In a bowl, place cabbage then top with seared tuna.; <END>
INPUT: American, chicken, top round steak, buttermilk, hot sauce, thyme, Kosher all purpose
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken Fried Steak | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound top round steak; 3 cups buttermilk; 2 teaspoons hot sauce; 4 sprigs fresh thyme; Kosher all-purpose flour, plus 2 tablespoons; 1 tablespoon ground cumin; 2 eggs; 4 strips bacon; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: Slice the steak into 4 pieces. Place each piece between 2 pieces of plastic wrap and pound thin, about 1/4-inch thick. Place the pieces in a shallow bowl and pour over 1 cup buttermilk, 1 teaspoon hot sauce, and thyme leaves; season with salt and pepper. Marinate for at least 2 hours or overnight. In a shallow plate, season 2 cups flour with cumin, salt, and pepper. In another shallow plate lightly beat the eggs and add 1 cup buttermilk and 1 teaspoon hot sauce; season with salt and pepper. Remove the steaks from the marinade and shake off the excess buttermilk. Dredge in the flour, dip into t <END>
INPUT: Mexican, enchiladas, tomatillos, jalapenos, virgin olive oil, chicken legs, chicken thighs
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken Enchiladas | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 6 tomatillos, husks removed; 2 jalapenos; Extra-virgin olive oil, for cooking; 4 chicken legs; 4 chicken thighs, trimmed of excess fat and skin; Kosher salt; 1 large Spanish onion, cut into 1/4-inch dice; 3 cloves garlic, smashed and finely chopped; 2 cups chicken stock; Zest and juice of 2 limes; 1/4 cup chopped fresh cilantro, plus a few more leaves for garnish; 8 corn tortillas; 2 cups grated jack cheese; Lime Sour Cream, recipe follows; Pico de Gallo, recipe follows | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat a grill for cooking over medium heat. Place the tomatillos and jalapenos on the grill and cook, turning occasionally, until the skins char and blister, 10 to 12 minutes. Remove the tomatillos and jalapenos from the grill and let cool. Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Coat a large, wide straight-sided saute pan with olive oil and heat over medium-high heat. Sprinkle the chicken generously with salt. Add the chicken legs and thighs, skin-side down, to the hot pan. Brown the chicken well on all sides. Remove from the pan. Ditch the excess fat from the pan and add a few drops of new oil. <END>
INPUT: Asian, spiced, low fat milk, piece, unsweetened cocoa powder, sugar, water
OUTPUT: TITLE: Ginger Spiced Hot Cocoa | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 8 ounces 1 percent low-fat milk; 1/4-inch piece peeled, fresh ginger, sliced into 2 rounds; 2 teaspoons unsweetened cocoa powder; 2 teaspoons sugar; 2 teaspoons water; 1/4 teaspoon dark chocolate shavings (about 1/8-ounce) | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. In a small saucepan heat the milk and ginger over a medium-low heat until scalding, about 4 minutes. While the milk is warming, put cocoa powder and sugar into a mug. Add the water to the mug and stir until the mixture has the consistency of a paste. Remove the ginger from the warmed milk. Add the chocolate mixture to the milk and whisk until slightly frothy. Pour the hot chocolate into the mug and top with chocolate shavings. <END>
INPUT: pudding, egg yolks, sugar, cornstarch, salt, milk
OUTPUT: TITLE: Banana Pudding | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 5 large egg yolks; 1/2 cup sugar; 1/4 cup cornstarch; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 2 cups whole milk; 3 tablespoons banana liqueur (or 1 teaspoon banana flavoring); 2 teaspoons vanilla extract; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 2 ripe bananas; 1 cup vanilla wafers (about 15 cookies); 2 teaspoons sugar; 1/4 teaspoon ground cinnamon; Pinch salt; 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, melted | INSTRUCTIONS: To make the pudding: Whisk the egg yolks, sugar, cornstarch, and salt together in a medium bowl and set aside. Bring the milk to a boil in a medium saucepan. Remove from the heat and whisk a little at a time into the egg mixture. Once the bottom of the bowl is warm, slowly whisk in the remaining hot milk. Pour the mixture back into a clean medium saucepan (cleaning the saucepan prevents the pudding from scorching), add the banana liqueur, and whisk over medium-low heat until it thickens, about 2 minutes. Cook while constantly whisking until the pudding is glossy and quite thick, 1 1/2 to 2 min <END>
INPUT: Pizza Dough, olive oil, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lamb Pizza | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Pizza Dough; 2 tbsp olive oil; 1 1/2 lb (750 g) ground lamb from the leg; 2 cups (8 oz/250 g) chopped yellow onion; 2 cloves garlic, chopped; 2 tsp chopped fresh thyme leaves; 1 tsp dried oregano; 3 cups (18 oz/560 g) canned plum tomatoes, preferably San Marzano, with their juices; 1/2 cup (4 fl oz/125 ml) beef or lamb stock; 1 tsp kosher salt; 1 tsp freshly ground pepper; Cornmeal and all-purpose flour for dusting | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. Make the dough and let rise the first time as directed. 2. To make the topping, in a large, heavy frying pan, heat 1 tbsp of the oil over medium-high heat. Add the lamb and cook, breaking it up with a wooden spoon, until browned, about 8 minutes. Using a slotted spoon, transfer the lamb to a bowl, then discard the fat in the pan. 3. Return the pan to medium heat and add the remaining 1 tbsp oil. Add the onion and garlic and sauté until tender and lightly golden, about 8 minutes. Return the lamb to the pan, add the thyme and oregano, and cook, stirring occasionally, for 2-3 minutes. Add the  <END>
INPUT: Italian, olive oil, garlic, penne pasta, milk, shallot
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sweet Garlic and Goat Cheese Penne | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons olive oil, divided; 1 whole head garlic; 1 pound penne pasta; 1 cup milk; 1 shallot, minced; 1/2 cup white wine; 3 ounces goat cheese, crumbled; 1/3 cup grated Parmesan; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 6 small parsley sprigs | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Slice the root end off the entire head of garlic and turn it upside down, wrapping it in aluminum foil and molding the foil so it supports the garlic to allow the cut end to stand upright in the oven. Pour 1 tablespoon of the olive oil on the garlic (reserving the other tablespoon) so it slips between the skin and the cloves and wrap with the foil so it is enclosed. Roast for about 1 hour and set aside until it is cool enough to handle. Bring a large pot of water to boiling for the pasta. Salt the water and boil until al dente. Drain and set aside. Heat the milk  <END>
INPUT: Canadian bacon, garlic, onion, bell pepper, petite
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lighter Shrimp and Polenta | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup diced Canadian bacon; 2 to 3 cloves garlic, minced; 1 onion, diced; 1/2 green bell pepper, seeded and diced; One 14 1/2-ounce can petite-cut, no-salt diced tomatoes; 1/4 cup dry white wine; 2 tablespoons plain nonfat Greek-style yogurt; 1 teaspoon hot sauce; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 1 dozen large shrimp, peeled and deveined, with tails on; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh chives, for garnish, optional; 3/4 cup uncooked quick-cooking polenta; 3 cups hot water | INSTRUCTIONS: Add the bacon to a nonstick skillet and saute over medium heat until crisp. Transfer the bacon to a plate and set aside. Add the garlic, onions and bell peppers. Cook, stirring occasionally, until the vegetables are tender, about 8 minutes. Add the tomatoes, wine, yogurt, hot sauce and salt, and bring to a boil, stirring constantly to scrape the browned bits from the bottom of the pan. Reduce the heat and simmer, uncovered, until the flavors are blended and the sauce begins to thicken, 6 to 8 minutes. Return the bacon to the skillet. Add the shrimp and cook until the shrimp turn bright pink an <END>
INPUT: croustada, escargots, macadamia nut escargot, escargot, Pernod, Bouquet herbs
OUTPUT: TITLE: Croustada of Escargots with Macadamia Nut Butter | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 (2-inch) puff pastry cups, baked; 8 tablespoons macadamia nut escargot butter, recipe follows; 12 escargot, from Bourgogne, cleaned; 1 teaspoon Pernod; Bouquet fresh herbs; 1/8 cup toasted macadamia nuts; 1 stick unsalted butter; 2 teaspoons lemon juice; 2 cloves garlic; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Heat up 1 tablespoon of escargot butter in a non-stick frying pan. When the butter has melted, put in the escargot and sweat for 5 minutes. Remove from the heat and add the Pernod. Carefully return to the heat and tip the pan towards the flame to flambe. When the flames subside, add the remaining escargot butter. Let simmer 5 minutes Warm the puff pastries in the oven. Arrange the puff pastries in the center of the plate. Fill them with 3 pieces of escargot. Brush them generously with macadamia nut escargot butter and garnish with a bouquet of fresh herbs. Pl <END>
INPUT: plum tomatoes, Gorgonzola, smoked almonds, flat leaf parsley
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tomatoes with Smoked Almonds and Gorgonzola | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 plum tomatoes; 1/2 pound chilled Gorgonzola; 1/3 cup smoked almonds, chopped; 24 flat-leaf parsley leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: Quarter tomatoes lengthwise, then cut out seeds and pulp. Shave Gorgonzola with a cheese plane (or crumble). Top tomatoes with cheese, then with almonds and parsley. Quarter tomatoes lengthwise, then cut out seeds and pulp. Shave Gorgonzola with a cheese plane (or crumble). Top tomatoes with cheese, then with almonds and parsley. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, mashed, russet Yukon gold, Kosher salt, butter virgin olive, plain yogurt, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Yogurt Mashed Potatoes With Chipotle Peppers, Goat Cheese and Caramelized Shallots | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2 pounds whole russet or Yukon gold potatoes; Kosher salt; 1 stick softened butter or 1/2 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 1 1/2 cups plain yogurt; Freshly ground pepper; 1 to 2 tablespoons chopped chipotle peppers in adobo sauce; 1 cup goat cheese, crumbled; 6 shallots, caramelized in olive oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Put the potatoes in a saucepan; cover with cold water and add 2 tablespoons kosher salt. Bring to a simmer over medium-low to medium heat and cook, uncovered, until tender, about 45 minutes. Drain the potatoes and let sit until just cool enough to handle, then peel and transfer to a bowl. Add the butter to the potatoes. Add the yogurt, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, and pepper to taste; mash with a potato masher or fork. Stir the chipotle peppers. Fold in the goat cheese. Spoon the mashed potatoes into a serving dish and sprinkle with the caramelized shallots. Photograph by Yunhee Kim <END>
INPUT: creamed, caribbean, christophene, butter, flour, milk, Monterey jack Cheddar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Creamed Christophene (Caribbean Squash) | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 pounds christophene, peeled, seeded and cut into cubes (can substitute chayote or any summer squash); 4 tablespoons butter; 4 tablespoons flour; 1 1/4 cups milk; 1/2 cup grated Monterey jack or Cheddar cheese, plus 1 cup, for topping; 1 onion, finely chopped; 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped; 1 teaspoon salt; 1 tablespoon chopped celery; 2 teaspoons prepared mustard; 2 tablespoons sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: Fill a large pot with water and add a little salt. Bring the water to a boil, then add the cubed squash and cook until tender, about 10 minutes. Drain the cooked squash and set aside in a large, well-greased baking dish. Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. In a large saucepan over low heat, melt the butter. Slowly whisk in the flour and cook for 1 to 2 minutes, until the mixture is creamy and thick. Slowly stir in the milk and mix until smooth, about 1 minute. Add the 1/2 cup of grated cheese and stir until melted and well-mixed, about 1 minute. Add the onion, garlic, salt, celery, mustard and suga <END>
INPUT: oranges, vanilla ice cream, caramel sauce
OUTPUT: TITLE: Ice Cream Stuffed Oranges with Caramel Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 oranges; 2 cups vanilla ice cream, softened slightly; 4 tablespoons caramel sauce | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Cut off a slice, 2 inches from the stem end, of each orange. Using a grapefruit spoon, scoop out the pulp from the oranges, leaving the rinds intact to form shells. Reserve the orange segments to garnish or enjoy as a snack. Set the hollowed-out orange shells, and their caps in the refrigerator to chill. Spoon 1 cups softened vanilla ice cream, into orange halves. Drizzle 2 tablespoons store bought caramel. Note: Once stuffed, you may refreeze oranges until ready to serve. Top with caramel sauce just before serving. Caramel sauce may also be warmed in the microwa <END>
INPUT: salad, asparagus spears, bulb fennel, basil leaves, walnuts, virgin olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Shaved Asparagus and Fennel Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 12 thick asparagus spears; 1 bulb fennel; 1/2 cup chopped fresh basil leaves; 1/2 cup finely chopped walnuts; 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1 lemon, juiced; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; Parmigiano-Reggiano, shaved | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Special equipment: mandoline Using a vegetable peeler, shave the asparagus. Shave the fennel bulb on a mandoline into very thin slices. In a large bowl, toss the shaved vegetables, basil and minced walnuts in a medium bowl. Dress the salad with the oil, lemon juice and some salt and pepper. Plate, and top each with Parmigiano-Reggiano shavings, then serve. <END>
INPUT: American, sandwich, Vegetable oil, chickpea, salt, cumin, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chickpea Sandwich | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: Vegetable oil, for brushing; 1 1/2 cups chickpea (garbanzo bean) flour; 1/2 tablespoon salt; 1/2 teaspoon ground cumin; 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 1/4 teaspoon cayenne; 1/4 cup fresh flat-leaf parsley leaves, chopped; 1 delicata squash or butternut squash; Olive oil, for roasting; Freshly ground black pepper; 1/2 tablespoon Dijon mustard; 5 cloves garlic; 3 egg yolks; Zest and juice of 1 lemon; 1 1/2 cups light olive oil (I use a canola/extra-virgin olive blend) | INSTRUCTIONS: For the patties: Lightly oil 1 quarter-size sheet pan and keep in a warm place. In a heavy-bottomed pot over high heat, mix the chickpea flour, salt, cumin, black pepper and cayenne. Gradually add 2 1/2 cups water while stirring with a flat-bottomed wooden spatula. Avoid lots of lumps of flour, but a few are ok. While stirring almost constantly, gradually lower the heat as the mixture thickens. Add the parsley when most of the water has been absorbed. Once it is thickened and the mixture pulls away from the sides and bottom of the pot when you stir it, it is done. It should take 10 to 15 minut <END>
INPUT: charred, aioli, shallot, lemon juice, egg yolk, garlic, kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Charred Sugar Snap Peas with Buttermilk Aioli | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 small shallot, finely chopped; 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 1 large egg yolk; 1 garlic clove, finely grated; 1/4 teaspoon kosher salt, plus more; Pinch of cayenne pepper; 1/2 cup vegetable oil; 2 tablespoons buttermilk; 2 tablespoons crème fraîche; Freshly ground black pepper; 1 1/2 pound sugar snap peas, untrimmed, divided; 2 tablespoons olive oil, divided; 1 tablespoon thinly sliced drained oil-packed Calabrian chiles; Flaky sea salt (such as Maldon) | INSTRUCTIONS: Mix shallot and lemon juice in a small bowl. Whisk egg yolk, garlic, kosher salt, cayenne, and 2 teaspoons water in a medium bowl. Whisking constantly, gradually drizzle in vegetable oil, drop by drop at first, until aioli is thickened and smooth. Gently mix in buttermilk, crème fraîche, and shallot mixture; season with kosher salt and black pepper. Prepare grill for medium-high heat. Toss half of snap peas with 1 tablespoon olive oil in a medium bowl; season with kosher salt and black pepper. Set a wire rack or grill basket on grill grate and grill peas on rack, turning occasionally, until li <END>
INPUT: olive oil, fennel seeds, fennel bulbs, onion, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pork Tenderloin with Sauteed Onion and Fennel and Fennel Cream | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons olive oil; 2 teaspoons fennel seeds, crushed; 2 medium fennel bulbs, quartered, cored, thinly sliced; 1 large onion, thinly sliced; 2 tablespoons minced garlic; 2 12-ounce pork tenderloins, trimmed, each cut crosswise in half; 3 large shallots, minced; 1/2 cup dry white wine; 1 1/2 cups canned low-salt chicken broth; 1/2 cup whipping cream; Fennel fronds | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat 2 tablespoons olive oil in heavy large skillet over medium-high heat. Add 1 teaspoon crushed fennel seeds and stir until fragrant, about 30 seconds. Reduce heat to medium-low. Stir in sliced fennel and onion and sauté until vegetables are very tender and caramelized, about 40 minutes. Add 1 tablespoon minced garlic and sauté until tender, about 5 minutes. Season with salt and pepper. (Fennel mixture can be prepared 1 day ahead. Cover and refrigerate.) Preheat oven to 450°F. Heat 1 tablespoon olive oil in another heavy large skillet over high heat. Season pork tenderloins with salt and pep <END>
INPUT: lori, firmly sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grandma Lori's Marmalade Glazed Ham | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 (8 to 10) pound fully cooked spiral sliced ham; 1 (18 oz.) jar Smucker's® Sweet Orange Marmalade; 3/4 cup firmly packed brown sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: HEAT ham according to package directions. COMBINE orange marmalade and brown sugar in small bowl until blended. Remove ham from oven 30 minutes before end of suggested bake time. Brush glaze over ham. BAKE an additional 30 minutes. Remove ham from oven and let rest 5-10 minutes. Spoon pan juices over ham and serve. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, arroz, vegetable oil, bacon, onion, cilantro leaves, long grain rice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pigeon Pea Rice: Arroz con Gandules | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 teaspoon vegetable oil; 8 strips bacon, finely chopped; 1/2 cup finely chopped onion; 1/2 cup finely chopped cilantro leaves; 2 cups long-grain white rice; 1 (10-ounce) can chopped tomatoes and green chiles; 1 teaspoon dried oregano; 1 teaspoon ground cumin; 1 teaspoon kosher salt; Pinch achiote powder, optional; 1 (15-ounce) can green pigeon peas (gandules), rinsed and drained; 2 tablespoons tomato paste; 4 cups water; Chopped fresh cilantro leaves, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Place a 3-quart saucepan over medium heat. Add the oil and bacon. Fry, stirring, until the bacon is crisp. Add the onion and cilantro. Continue to cook for 5 minutes until the onion is soft. Add the rice, tomatoes, oregano, cumin, salt, achiote, and pigeon peas. Cook for 5 to 7 minutes until the rice is opaque. Stir in the tomato paste and water and bring to boil. When all the water is absorbed, cover tightly and reduce the heat to low. Cook for 25 to 30 minutes until tender. Serve on a decorative platter and garnish with cilantro. <END>
INPUT: zucchini, olive oil, Kosher salt, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Zucchini | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 zucchini, cut lengthwise; 3 tablespoons olive oil; Kosher salt; Freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Toss zucchini with oil, salt and pepper, and grill. <END>
INPUT: Indian, rubbed, fillet, olive oil, garlic, beans
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Flatbread with Garlic Rubbed Fillet of Beef, White Bean Puree and Sun-dried Tomato Chutney | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 1 (8-ounce) beef tenderloin; 1/4 cup olive oil; 6 cloves garlic, finely chopped; 1 cup cooked white beans, plus 1/4 cup of cooking liquid, or 1 (15-ounce) can white beans, slightly drained; 3 cloves garlic, smashed; 3 tablespoons olive oil; 2 tablespoons lemon juice; 1 tablespoon fresh thyme leaves; Salt and freshly ground pepper; 6 sun-dried tomatoes, packed in oil, drained and julienned; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 2 tablespoons balsamic vinegar; 1 teaspoon honey; 1/4 cup chopped flat-leaf parsley; 1 recipe Flatbread, recipe follows* (See Cook's Note) | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Combine beef, olive oil, and garlic in a large resealable plastic bag. Marinate in the refrigerator for at least 4 hours or overnight. Preheat the grill to high. Grill on both sides for 3 to 4 minutes, for medium-rare. Let rest for 5 to 10 minutes and then slice thinly. Puree the beans, garlic, olive oil, lemon juice, and thyme in a food processor until smooth. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Mix together the tomatoes, olive oil, vinegar, honey, and parsley, and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Heat grill to high. Flatten flatbread dough and gently p <END>
INPUT: American, poivre, tenderloin steaks, Kosher salt, peppercorns, unsalted butter, olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Steak au Poivre | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 4 tenderloin steaks, 6 to 8 ounces each and no more than 1 1/2 inches thick; Kosher salt; 2 tablespoons whole peppercorns; 1 tablespoon unsalted butter; 1 teaspoon olive oil; 1/3 cup Cognac, plus 1 teaspoon; 1 cup heavy cream | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Remove the steaks from the refrigerator for at least 30 minutes and up to 1 hour prior to cooking. Sprinkle all sides with salt. Coarsely crush the peppercorns with a mortar and pestle, the bottom of a cast iron skillet, or using a mallet and pie pan. Spread the peppercorns evenly onto a plate. Press the fillets, on both sides, into the pepper until it coats the surface. Set aside. In a medium skillet over medium heat, melt the butter and olive oil. As soon as the butter and oil begin to turn golden and smoke, gently place the steaks in the pan. For medium-rare,  <END>
INPUT: American, smoky, burgers, sirloin, smoked Gouda cheese, onion onion, smoked sweet paprika, cumin
OUTPUT: TITLE: Smoky Beer Burgers with Creamy Mustard Sauce | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 pounds lean ground sirloin; 1/3 pound smoked Gouda cheese, diced into 1/4 to 1/2-inch cubes; 1 medium onion or 1/2 large onion; 2 teaspoons smoked sweet paprika, 2/3 palm full; 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 1/3 palm full; Grill seasoning (recommended: Montreal Steak Seasoning); Coarse salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 cloves garlic, grated or finely chopped; Generous handful finely chopped fresh flat-leaf parsley; 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce; 1/2 (12-ounce) bottle beer; Extra-virgin olive oil, for drizzling; 1/2 cup spicy brown mustard; 1/4 to 1/3 cup sour cream; 2 to 3 tablespoons chopped fresh dill or 1 teaspoon dried dill | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat grill over medium-high heat. Place the meat in a bowl and add the cheese. Peel the onion and halve it, if using the medium onion. Grate about 3 to 4 tablespoons of onion directly over the meat into the bowl. Finely chop the remaining onion and reserve for topping. Add spices to meat: paprika, cumin and about 1 tablespoon of grill seasoning and/or some salt and pepper. Add garlic, parsley and Worcestershire and beer then form 4 large patties making them a little thinner at the center than at edges. Burgers plump when you cook them so this will prevent burger bulge. Drizzle a little oliv <END>
INPUT: French, unsalted butter, sugar, milk, all purpose flour, cornstarch
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chestnut Souffle | CUISINE: French | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, plus additional melted for souffle dishes; 5 tablespoons sugar, plus additional for dusting souffle dishes; 1 cup milk; 2 tablespoons all-purpose flour; 2 tablespoons cornstarch; 4 large egg yolks; 3/4 cup unsweetened chestnut puree; 2 tablespoons brandy; 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract; 5 large egg whites; Pinch salt; Brandy Custard Sauce, recipe follows; 1 cup milk; 2 cups heavy cream; 3/4 cup sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F. Butter 8 to 10 (4-ounce) souffle dishes with a pastry brush and dust lightly with sugar. Bring 3/4 cup milk to a boil in a medium saucepan. Meanwhile, whisk 3 tablespoons sugar, flour, cornstarch, and 1/4 cup milk in a medium bowl to combine. Slowly whisk in the hot milk, and return mixture to the saucepan. Bring to a boil and cook for 1 to 2 minutes. Remove from heat and add the egg yolks, 1 at a time, whisking thoroughly after each addition. Add the chestnut puree, brandy, and vanilla and 1 tablespoon butter; stir well to combine. In a large bowl, whisk the egg <END>
INPUT: prosciutto, pomegranate seeds, Fuyu persimmon, baby arugula, pistachios
OUTPUT: TITLE: Prosciutto with Persimmon, Pomegranate, and Arugula | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 16 thin slices prosciutto (about 8 ounces); 1/2 cup fresh pomegranate seeds; 1 large Fuyu persimmon, peeled, pitted, cut into 1/4-inch-thick slices; 4 ounces baby arugula; 1/2 cup pistachios, toasted; Extra-virgin olive oil; Pomegranate vinegar*; *Available at some supermarkets and at specialty foods stores | INSTRUCTIONS: Arrange 2 prosciutto slices on each plate. Sprinkle pomegranate seeds over. Arrange persimmon next to prosciutto. Mound arugula atop prosciutto. Scatter pistachios over. Sprinkle with pepper; drizzle with oil and vinegar. Arrange 2 prosciutto slices on each plate. Sprinkle pomegranate seeds over. Arrange persimmon next to prosciutto. Mound arugula atop prosciutto. Scatter pistachios over. Sprinkle with pepper; drizzle with oil and vinegar. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, faustos, salsa, strawberries, cherimoya, mint, orange juice, lime juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Bananas Faustos with Cherimoya Salsa | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 10 strawberries, stems removed and cut into 1/4-inch pieces; 1 cherimoya, peeled, seeded and diced in 1/4-inch pieces; 1 teaspoon chopped mint; 1/2 cup orange juice; 2 tablespoons lime juice; 2 tablespoons butter; 1 tablespoon grated panela or piloncillo (if not available, use brown sugar); 3 bananas, peeled and cut in 1/2-inch rings; 1/4 cup spiced rum | INSTRUCTIONS: In a bowl, combine the strawberries, cherimoyas, mint, orange juice, and lime juice. Mix well and set aside. In a medium non-stick pan, heat over medium heat. Add the butter. When the butter has melted, add the panela and cook for 3 minutes. Cook until the panela has dissolved completely to the butter then add the bananas. Cook for 3 minutes longer then add the rum away from the heat. Cook for 2 minutes. Coat the bananas well with the rum butter sauce. Transfer the bananas and sauce to a plate and top with strawberry and cherimoya salsa. <END>
INPUT: Asian, vegetable oil, ginger, carrot, haricot vert standard, light soy sauce
OUTPUT: TITLE: Ginger, Carrot and Sesame Green Beans | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon vegetable oil; 1 tablespoon peeled and grated ginger; 1 medium carrot, peeled and sliced into thin rounds; 12 ounces haricot vert or standard green beans, trimmed; 1 tablespoon light soy sauce; 1 teaspoon rice vinegar; Toasted sesame oil, for drizzling; Toasted black sesame seeds, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat a wok over high heat, and then add the vegetable oil. Add the ginger and cook for 30 seconds. Add the carrots and green beans and stir-fry for 2 minutes (adding a splash of water if necessary to facilitate cooking). Season the vegetables with the light soy, rice vinegar and a drizzle of toasted sesame oil. Garnish with a sprinkling of the toasted white and black sesame seeds. <END>
INPUT: compote, garlic, ginger, curry powder, vegetable oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pork Tenderloin with Tomato-Peach Compote | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 garlic cloves; 1 tablespoon chopped peeled ginger; 1 teaspoon curry powder; 2 (3/4-pound) pork tenderloins; 2 tablespoons vegetable oil; 1 medium onion, chopped; 3/4 pound tomatoes, cut into 1-inch pieces; 1 peach, chopped; 2 teaspoons chopped thyme; 1 teaspoon sugar (optional); Equipment: a mortar and pestle | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 425°F with rack in middle. Mash garlic, ginger, curry powder, 3/4 teaspoon salt, and 1/2 teaspoon pepper to a paste using mortar and pestle. Rub all over pork. Heat oil in an ovenproof 12-inch heavy skillet over medium-high heat until it shimmers. Brown pork on one side, about 5 minutes, then turn over and transfer skillet to oven. Roast until an instant-read thermometer inserted into thickest part of meat registers 145 to 150°F for juicy meat, 10 to 12 minutes. Let pork rest, uncovered, on a cutting board while making compote. Add onion to skillet (handle will be very hot) and <END>
INPUT: American, laila, stewed, stew meat, salt, olive oil, garlic, celery
OUTPUT: TITLE: Laila's Stewed Beef with Creamy Cheese Grits | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 3 pounds lean stew meat; 1 teaspoon salt; 1 tablespoon olive oil; 6 cloves garlic, minced; 4 stalks celery, diced; 1 bunch green onions, chopped; 1 large yellow onion, diced; 1 poblano pepper, diced; 1 whole red bell pepper, diced; 1 tablespoon chili powder; 1 tablespoon ground cumin; 1/4 teaspoon crushed red pepper; 4 cups low-sodium beef broth; 1 tablespoon olive oil; 1 whole yellow onion, diced | INSTRUCTIONS: For the stewed beef: Sprinkle the meat with the salt. In a Dutch oven, brown the stew meat in the olive oil over high heat until browned, about 2 minutes. Reduce to medium heat and add the garlic, celery, green onions, yellow onions, poblano peppers and bell peppers; saute for 2 to 3 minutes. Add the chili powder, cumin, crushed red pepper and beef broth, Stir, and then bring to a boil. Reduce the heat to low and cover the pot. Let simmer for 2 1/2 to 3 hours. Keep an eye on the pot as you may need to add more broth or water if it cooks down too much before meat is tender. It's ready when the  <END>
INPUT: herb, wine, water, Mission figs, sugar, lemon juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pancetta- and Herb-Roasted Pork with Fig Jam | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 cups dry red wine (from two 750-ml bottles); 3 cups water; 48 dried black Mission figs (about 12 ounces), stemmed, cut into 1/4-inch cubes; 2 cups sugar; 1/2 cup fresh lemon juice; 1/2 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh sage; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh thyme; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh rosemary; 1 tablespoon fine-grained sea salt; 2 teaspoons ground black pepper; 2 3 1/2-pound boneless pork loin roasts, tied to hold shape (7 pounds total); 3 ounces thinly sliced pancetta* | INSTRUCTIONS: For jam: Bring all ingredients to boil in heavy large saucepan over medium-high heat, stirring constantly until sugar dissolves. Boil mixture until thickened and reduced to 4 cups, stirring occasionally, about 45 minutes. Transfer jam to large bowl. Cool completely. (Can be made 1 week ahead. Cover and refrigerate. Bring to room temperature before serving.) Bring all ingredients to boil in heavy large saucepan over medium-high heat, stirring constantly until sugar dissolves. Boil mixture until thickened and reduced to 4 cups, stirring occasionally, about 45 minutes. Transfer jam to large bowl. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, queso, virgin olive oil, Spanish Mexican chorizo, mushroom caps, Mexican melting cheese, scallions
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chorizo Mushroom Queso Dip | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil, a drizzle; 1/2 pound Spanish or Mexican chorizo; 1/2 pound mushroom caps, quartered; 1 cup diced Mexican melting cheese or Monterey Jack or Pepper Jack cheese; 2 scallions, thinly sliced; 1 bag corn tortillas or blue corn tortillas, any variety | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Heat the extra-virgin olive oil in small skillet over medium-high heat. Dice the Spanish chorizo and add to the pan to render the fat. If using fresh Mexican chorizo, remove the casing and crumble while it's browning. Add the mushrooms to the skillet and cook with the sausage until just tender, 6 to 7 minutes. Transfer the sausage mixture to a small casserole or baking dish and top with the cheese. Bake until bubbly. Remove from the oven and top with the scallions. Serve with chips for dipping. <END>
INPUT: biscuits, sifted all purpose, baking powder, salt, sugar, heavy cream
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cream Biscuits | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups sifted all-purpose flour; 1 tablespoon baking powder; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1 tablespoon sugar; 3/4 to 1 cup heavy cream | INSTRUCTIONS: Sift the flour, baking powder, salt and sugar into a bowl. Add heavy cream to make a light dough. Pat or roll 1/2 inch thick. Cut into rounds with a floured cutter 1 to 2 inches in diameter. Place on baking sheet. Bake in a preheated at 450 degree oven 12 to 15 minutes, or until light and brown. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, cookies, vegetable shortening, granulated sugar, lime sugar, egg
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lime Sugar Cookies | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 stick (6 tablespoons) unsalted butter, softened; 2 tablespoons cold vegetable shortening; 1 cup granulated sugar; 1/2 cup lime sugar; 1 large egg; 1 teaspoon vanilla; 1 1/4 cups all-purpose flour; 1 teaspoon baking powder; 1/2 teaspoon salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Beat together butter, shortening, granulated sugar, and 2 tablespoons lime sugar with an electric mixer until light and fluffy. Beat in egg and vanilla. Sift flour, baking powder, and salt together over egg mixture, then beat on low speed until just combined. Form dough into a 10-inch log (2 inches in diameter) on wax paper, then wrap in wax paper. Chill dough until firm, at least 4 hours. Preheat oven to 375°F. Remove wax paper and cut log into 1/4-inch-thick rounds. Bake cookies 1/2 inch apart on ungreased baking sheets in batches in middle of oven 10 to 12 minutes, or until pale golden. Imm <END>
INPUT: warm, parchment, very peaches, dark rum, sugar, vanilla beans
OUTPUT: TITLE: Warm Peaches Baked in Parchment with a Vanilla Bean and Star Anise Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 to 6 very ripe peaches; 2 teaspoons dark rum; 3 teaspoons brown sugar; 6 teaspoons softened, unsalted butter; 2 vanilla beans, seeds scraped and reserved; 12 pieces of whole star anise; Vanilla ice cream | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 450 degrees. Slice peaches into 1/2-inch wedges, sprinkle with the rum, set aside. Combine butter with brown sugar and vanilla beans. Add 1/6th of the peaches to the center of the parchment heart, add 2 pieces of star anise to each package and 1 teaspoon of the vanilla butter, start at center of the heart and fold while creasing well to enclose the package, bake just before serving for 4 minutes, open package and serve over vanilla ice cream. <END>
INPUT: creamed, butter, onion, garlic, pepper flakes, heavy cream
OUTPUT: TITLE: Creamed Peas | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons butter; 1/2 small onion, diced; 2 cloves garlic, diced; Pinch of red pepper flakes; 1/2 cup heavy cream; 1 pound bag frozen peas, thawed; 1 tablespoon sliced fresh mint; Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Melt the butter in a large saute pan over medium-high heat. Once melted and foamy, add the onion, garlic, and red pepper flakes and saute until tender, about 2 to 3 minutes. Season with salt and pepper. Add the heavy cream and let thicken, stirring for just 1 minute. Add the peas and the mint and cook until the peas are bright green and warmed through, another 5 minutes. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, slushy, honeydew, lime juice, sugar, thyme leaves, silver tequila mezcal
OUTPUT: TITLE: Melon Lime Slushy | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 6 cups diced honeydew, cantaloupe or watermelon; 1/4 cup fresh lime juice, plus more to taste; 1/2 cup sugar, plus more to taste; 1 teaspoon fresh thyme leaves, plus sprigs for garnish; 1/2 cup silver tequila or mezcal (optional) | INSTRUCTIONS: Spread melon pieces on a rimmed baking sheet in a single layer. Freeze until just hard, about 1 hour. Transfer melon pieces to a food processor and add lime juice, sugar, thyme, 1/2 cup water and tequila, if desired. Pulse until smooth and slushy, scraping the sides of the bowl occasionally. Add water if you prefer a thinner consistency. Add lime juice and sugar to taste. Divide among serving glasses and garnish with thyme sprigs. Serve immediately with spoons, or let melt slightly to serve as a drink Spread melon pieces on a rimmed baking sheet in a single layer. Freeze until just hard, about <END>
INPUT: salad, Yukon Gold potatoes, Kosher salt, sour cream, milk, chives
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pan-Fried Hake with Dill Potato Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound Yukon Gold potatoes (about 3), thinly sliced; Kosher salt; 1/2 cup sour cream; 1/4 cup milk; 3 tablespoons finely chopped fresh chives; 3 tablespoons chopped fresh dill; 2 tablespoons white wine vinegar; 1 English cucumber, peeled and thinly sliced; Freshly ground pepper; 1/4 cup all-purpose flour; 2 large eggs; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 4 6-ounce skinless hake or Pacific cod fillets | INSTRUCTIONS: Put the potatoes in a medium saucepan and cover with water by 1 inch; season with salt. Bring to a boil, then reduce the heat and simmer until tender, about 5 minutes. Drain. Whisk the sour cream, milk, chives, dill and vinegar in a large bowl. Add the potatoes and cucumber; gently fold to coat. Season with salt and pepper. Set aside. Mix the flour, 1/2 teaspoon salt and 1/4 teaspoon pepper in a medium bowl. Gently whisk the eggs in another medium bowl. Heat the olive oil in a large nonstick skillet over medium-high heat. Dredge the fish in the flour, shaking off the excess, then dip in the eg <END>
INPUT: Italian, soup, olive oil, butter, onion, garlic, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pea and Basil Soup | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1 tablespoon butter; 1 small onion, diced; 1 clove garlic, minced; 1 teaspoon salt; 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 1 1/2 pounds (about 4 1/2 cups) frozen peas; 3/4 cup chopped fresh basil leaves; 2 cups chicken broth, divided; 2 cups cream; 4 to 6 very thin slices fresh mozzarella cheese; 1/4 cup diced roasted red bell peppers (jarred is fine) | INSTRUCTIONS: Place a medium soup pot over medium heat. Add the olive oil, butter, onions, garlic, salt and pepper. Cook until the onions are soft and translucent, about 5 minutes. Add the peas and basil, and heat until the peas are thawed. Place the pea mixture in a blender. Add 1 cup of the chicken broth and pulse until pureed, adding more broth, if necessary, to puree. Return the pureed mixture to the pot. Stir in the remaining chicken broth and cream. Return the pan to medium heat and cook until hot, but not boiling. To serve, place the soup in bowls. Float a thin slice of fresh mozzarella cheese on top <END>
INPUT: Asian, soup, carrots, onion, garlic, unsalted butter, virgin olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Ginger and Honey Carrot Soup | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 12 medium carrots; 1 yellow onion; 2 garlic cloves; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 4 cups water; 2 teaspoons grated fresh ginger; Salt; 3 tablespoons honey | INSTRUCTIONS: Trim, peel, and cut the carrots into 1-inch lengths. Trim, peel, and chop the onion and garlic. In a heavy pot or Dutch oven, saute the onion in the butter and olive oil over medium heat, stirring, until translucent. Add the garlic and saute it for a few minutes, taking care not to let it brown. Add the water, carrots, ginger, and salt and cook until the carrots are very tender, about 45 minutes. Turn off the heat and let the soup cool. When the soup has cooled, puree it in batches in a food processor or blender. Return the puree to the pot and place it over medium-high heat. Bring the puree t <END>
INPUT: Indian, onions, garlic, Turkish California bay, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Red-Lentil and Red-Pepper Pâté | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 stick (6 tablespoons) unsalted butter, softened; 1 cup thinly sliced onions (2 medium); 3 large garlic cloves, chopped; 1 Turkish or 1/2 California bay leaf; 1 1/4 teaspoons salt; 1 1/2 teaspoons ground coriander; 1 teaspoon paprika (not hot); 1 teaspoon smoked paprika (sweet or hot); 1/2 teaspoon black pepper; 1/4 teaspoon cayenne; 1 cup dry white wine; 1 1/2 cups red lentils (10 ounces), picked over and rinsed; 2 cups water; 1 tablespoon agar flakes; 1 teaspoon balsamic vinegar | INSTRUCTIONS: Make pâté: pâté Lightly oil terrine, then line bottom and ends with a strip of parchment paper, allowing at least 2 inches of overhang on each end of terrine. Heat 2 tablespoons butter in a 2- to 3-quart heavy saucepan over moderately high heat until foam subsides, then cook onions, garlic, bay leaf, and 1/2 teaspoon salt, stirring occasionally, until onions are golden brown, about 12 minutes. Meanwhile, stir together coriander, paprikas, black pepper, cayenne, and 1/2 teaspoon salt in a small bowl. Add spice mixture to onion mixture in saucepan and cook, stirring constantly, until very fragra <END>
INPUT: spread, Serrano ham, onion, tomato, tomato sauce, spicy mustard
OUTPUT: TITLE: Baked Clams with Serrano Ham Spread | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 ounces Serrano ham, large diced; 1/2 white onion, medium diced; 1 tomato, medium diced; 3 tablespoons tomato sauce; 2 teaspoons spicy mustard; 12 Little Neck clams, shucked and on the half shell | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. In a medium saute pan, saute ham, onion, and tomato. Add tomato sauce and mustard. Cook for 5 minutes. In a food processor, puree ham mixture. Cover the clams with the ham spread and bake for 8 minutes. <END>
INPUT: tapas, spinach leaves, bell pepper, snipped chives, lemons
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chick-Peas and Spinach Tapas | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 10 ounces fresh spinach leaves, rinsed, or 1 (10-ounce) package frozen leaf spinach; 19-ounce can (2 cups) chick-peas, drained and rinsed; 1 red bell pepper, finely diced; 1 tablespoon snipped fresh chives; 1 to 2 lemons, juiced or to taste; 1/4 to 1/3 cup extra virgin olive oil; Salt and freshly ground black pepper, to taste | INSTRUCTIONS: If using fresh spinach: Cook the spinach in a saucepan with the water clinging to its leaves, stirring, until wilted. Drain, squeeze dry, and finely chop. If using frozen spinach, follow package directions, drain, squeeze dry, and finely chop. In a bowl combine the spinach with the chick peas, pepper, chives, lemon juice, oil, salt, and pepper. Serve as is or chilled with toasted bread or as a filling for pita pockets. <END>
INPUT: gratin, whipping cream, half half, shallots, garlic, thyme leaves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Potato and Turnip Gratin | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups whipping cream; 1 cup half and half; 2 shallots, thinly sliced crosswise; 1 large garlic clove, minced; 1 1/2 teaspoons fresh thyme leaves; 1 1/4 teaspoons salt; 1 pound russet potatoes, peeled, cut into 1/6-inch-thick slices; 1 pound turnips, peeled, cut into 1/6-inch-thick slices | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 375°F. Combine first 6 ingredients in heavy medium saucepan. Bring to simmer. Remove from heat. Arrange potatoes and turnips in 13x9x2-inch glass baking dish, alternating and overlapping slightly. Pour warm cream mixture over. Sprinkle with pepper. Bake until vegetables are tender and top is golden brown, about 45 minutes. Cool slightly, then serve. Preheat oven to 375°F. Combine first 6 ingredients in heavy medium saucepan. Bring to simmer. Remove from heat. Arrange potatoes and turnips in 13x9x2-inch glass baking dish, alternating and overlapping slightly. Pour warm cream mix <END>
INPUT: Mexican, jack, quesadillas, Hass avocado, tomato, scallions, lime juice, cilantro leaves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Bacon Jack and Jalapeno Quesadillas | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 ripe Hass avocado, halved, seeded and peeled; 1 small tomato, diced; 2 scallions, finely chopped; 1 tablespoon fresh lime juice; 1 to 2 tablespoons chopped cilantro leaves; 1 jalapeno, seeded and minced; 1 small garlic clove, minced; Salt, to taste; 4 strips turkey bacon (about 3 ounces); 6 scallions,(white and green parts) thinly sliced; 1 jalapeno, seeded and minced; 1 garlic clove, minced; 1/4 teaspoon ground cumin; 1/4 teaspoon ground coriander; 3 (8-inch) multi-grain tortillas | INSTRUCTIONS: Guacamole: Coarsely mash the avocado in a large bowl. Add the tomato, scallions, lime juice, cilantro, jalapeno, and garlic until blended. Cover and chill until ready to serve. Quesadillas: Preheat oven to 450 degrees F. Spray a large baking sheet with cooking spray. Lightly spray a medium nonstick skillet with cooking spray and set over medium-high heat. Add the bacon and cook, turning occasionally, until browned, 3 to 4 minutes. Transfer the bacon to paper towels to drain. Crumble and set aside. To the same skillet, add the scallions, jalapeno, garlic, cumin, and coriander. Cook, stirring of <END>
INPUT: salad, garlic, serrano pepper, onion, lemon, wine vinegar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spicy Chickpea Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 clove garlic, minced; 1 serrano pepper, seeded, ribs removed and finely diced; 1/2 small red onion, diced; 1/2 lemon, juiced; 3 tablespoons red wine vinegar; 1/4 cup olive oil; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 (15.5-ounce) can chickpeas, drained and rinsed; 1/2 pint cherry tomatoes, halved; 1/2 bunch mint, leaves roughly chopped; 1/2 bunch cilantro, leaves roughly chopped; 1 head butter lettuce, shredded | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine the garlic, pepper, red onion, lemon juice, red wine vinegar, olive oil and salt and pepper, to taste, in a large bowl. Add the chickpeas, tomatoes, mint, and cilantro. Season with salt and pepper, to taste, and toss in the lettuce. <END>
INPUT: Asian, shiitakes, quinoa, sesame oil, garlic, shiitake mushrooms, snow peas
OUTPUT: TITLE: Quinoa With Shiitakes and Snow Peas | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup quinoa, rinsed; 1 tablespoon toasted sesame oil; 2 cloves garlic, thinly sliced; 4 ounces shiitake mushrooms, stems discarded, caps thinly sliced (about 2 cups); 4 ounces snow peas, thinly sliced on an angle; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 tablespoon low-sodium soy sauce; 1 scallion, white and green, sliced | INSTRUCTIONS: Place the quinoa and 2 cups water in a small saucepan. Bring to a boil over high heat. Stir once, cover and reduce the heat to low. Continue to cook until the water is absorbed and the quinoa is tender, about 20 minutes. Remove from the heat and let stand 5 minutes, uncover and fluff with a fork. Meanwhile, heat 1 teaspoon of the sesame oil in a medium nonstick skillet over medium-high heat. Add the garlic and cook until fragrant, about 1 minute. Add the mushrooms and continue to cook, stirring, until the mushrooms are tender, about 5 minutes. Add the snow peas, 1/4 teaspoon salt and 1/4 teasp <END>
INPUT: Mexican, tart, crust, all purpose flour, cumin, chili powder, paprika, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Black Bean Tart with Chili Crust | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/4 cups all-purpose flour; 1 teaspoon ground cumin; 1 teaspoon chili powder; 1 teaspoon paprika; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1 stick (1/2 cup) chilled unsalted butter, cut into bits; 2 tablespoons ice water; raw rice for weighting shell; 1/2 pound dried black beans, picked over, or 3 cups canned black beans, rinsed and drained; 1 bay leaf; 1 medium red onion, chopped; 2 tablespoons sour cream; 1 tablespoon vegetable oil; a 10-ounce package frozen corn, thawed; 1 red bell pepper, chopped (about 1 cup) | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350°F. Preheat oven to 350°F. Make crust: In a bowl with a pastry blender or in a food processor blend or pulse together flour, spices, and salt until combined well. Add butter and blend or pulse until mixture resembles coarse meal. Add ice water and blend or pulse until incorporated and mixture forms a dough. Press dough evenly onto bottom and sides of a 10-inch tart pan with a removable fluted rim and chill 15 minutes, or until firm. Line shell with foil and fill with rice. Bake shell in middle of oven until edge is set, 8 to 10 minutes. Carefully remove foil and rice and bak <END>
INPUT: syrup, vanilla bean, lemon, superfine sugar, water, lemon juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lemon Syrup | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 vanilla bean; 1 large lemon; 6 tablespoons superfine sugar; 1/2 cup water; 1 1/2 teaspoons fresh lemon juice | INSTRUCTIONS: Halve vanilla bean lengthwise and scrape seeds into a small saucepan. Finely grate enough zest from lemon to measure 1/2 teaspoon. Cut remaining peel from lemon, removing all white pith. Cut enough sections free from membranes to measure 1/4 cup and cut into 1/4-inch pieces. Add lemon pieces to pan with sugar, water, and grated zest. Simmer mixture, stirring, until sugar is dissolved and stir in lemon juice. Cool syrup to room temperature and serve with cakes. Halve vanilla bean lengthwise and scrape seeds into a small saucepan. Finely grate enough zest from lemon to measure 1/2 teaspoon. Cut  <END>
INPUT: Peanut Butter, em, Jif® Crunchy Peanut, firmly sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Strawberry Coffee Cake with Peanut Butter Streusel | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 (7 oz.) pkgs. Martha White® Strawberry Flavored Muffin Mix; Peanut Butter Streusel:; /em; 1/2 cup Jif® Extra Crunchy Peanut Butter; 1/4 cup firmly packed brown sugar; 1/3 cup Pillsbury BEST® All Purpose Flour; 1/2 tsp. almond extract; 1/3 cup Smucker's® Seedless Strawberry Jam; Coffee Cake:; Crisco® Original No-Stick Cooking Spray; 1 cup sour cream; 1/3 cup milk | INSTRUCTIONS: HEAT oven to 350 degrees F. Coat 9x9-inch baking pan with no-stick cooking spray. COMBINE sour cream, milk and 1/2 teaspoon almond extract in medium bowl. Stir in muffin mixes until blended. Spread evenly in prepared pan. COMBINE peanut butter, brown sugar, flour and 1/2 teaspoon almond extract in medium bowl with a fork until crumbs form. Stir jam until smooth. Drop small spoonfuls over top of batter. Swirl with a knife. Crumble streusel over jam. BAKE 35 to 40 minutes or until golden brown. Cool 15 minutes before serving. <END>
INPUT: Asian, vinaigrette, chicken breast halves, Salt pepper, rice wine, vegetable olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Chicken with Spicy Ginger Vinaigrette | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: Cooking spray; 6 boneless skinless chicken breast halves (about 5 ounces each); Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1/4 cup rice wine (mirin); 2 tablespoons vegetable or olive oil; 1 teaspoon wasabi paste; 2 teaspoons hot mustard (not powder); 2 teaspoons finely grated fresh ginger; 2 teaspoons sesame oil; 2 cups prepared cole slaw mix; 1 tablespoon reduced-sodium soy sauce; 16 wonton wrappers; 1 tablespoon peanut oil; 1/2 cup reduced-sodium chicken broth | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Coat a stove-top grill pan or griddle with cooking spray and set over medium-high heat to preheat. Season both sides of chicken with salt and black pepper. Place chicken on hot pan and cook 3 to 5 minutes per side, until cooked through. In a small bowl, whisk together rice wine, vegetable oil, wasabi paste, hot mustard, and ginger. Set aside. Heat sesame oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Add slaw mix and soy sauce and cook 2 to 3 minutes, until wilted. Arrange wonton wrappers on a flat surface. Top each wrapper with 1 heaping teaspoon of slaw mixture. <END>
INPUT: milkshake, scoops vanilla ice, scoops chocolate ice, cola, milk
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cola Milkshake | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 scoops vanilla ice cream; 2 scoops chocolate ice cream; 1/2 cup cola, cold; 1/4 cup milk | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine the vanilla ice cream, chocolate ice cream, cola and milk in a blender. Blend until smooth. Serve in tall glasses. <END>
INPUT: Italian, balsamic vinegar, sugar, basil leaves, cherry tomatoes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tomato, Watermelon, and Basil Skewers | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup balsamic vinegar; 1/4 cup sugar; 1 (4 to 5 pound) watermelon, cut into 32 (1 1/2-inch cubes; 32 small basil leaves (or torn larger leaves); 16 cherry tomatoes, halved; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; Kosher salt; Special equipment: 16 (6-inch) skewers | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine the balsamic vinegar and sugar in a small saucepan over medium heat. Bring to a simmer, stirring occasionally, until the sugar is dissolved. Turn off the heat and set aside to cool. Starting with the watermelon squares, push the watermelon to the very tip of the skewer. Then skewer a basil leaf, then a tomato half. Continue with another watermelon, basil leaf, and tomato half. Place the skewer on a serving platter so it stands upright, using the lowest watermelon square as a base. Continue with the remaining skewers. Drizzle the skewers with the reserved balsamic syrup and the olive oi <END>
INPUT: chips, aioli, Dijon Mustard, honey, cilantro leaves, habanero chile, lemon juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Crispy Oysters on Yucca Root Chips with Habanero Honey Aioli | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons Dijon Mustard; 2 tablespoons honey; 1/2 cup washed and chopped cilantro leaves; 1 habanero chile, seeded and chopped; 1 tablespoon lemon juice; 4 egg yolks; 1 cup salad oil; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1 large yucca root, peeled and thinly sliced; Soybean oil; 1/2 cup fine sea salt; 4 lemons, zested; 1 cup buttermilk; 1 cup all-purpose flour, for dredging; 20 fresh plump oysters | INSTRUCTIONS: To make the Habanero Honey Aioli: In a blender, blend together mustard, honey, cilantro, habanero and lemon juice. Puree this into a smooth paste. Add egg yolks and blend briefly to incorporate. Remove the clear plastic piece from the center of the blender lid. With the blender running, gradually add the oil in a thin stream until the mixture thickens into a light emulsified mayonnaise. Season with salt and set aside.; To make the Yucca Root Chips: Soak the thinly sliced yucca root in hot water. Add 3 inches of soybean oil to a deep-fryer or deep skillet and preheat to 375 degrees F. Evenly mi <END>
INPUT: prosciutto di San, sugar, kosher salt, allspice, cayenne
OUTPUT: TITLE: Candied Prosciutto | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 ounces thinly sliced prosciutto di San Daniele (about 5 slices); 2 tablespoons sugar; 1/4 teaspoon kosher salt; 1/8 teaspoon allspice; Pinch cayenne; 2 teaspoons extra-virgin olive oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line a rimmed baking sheet with parchment paper. Lay the prosciutto slices on the parchment without touching. In a small bowl, mix together the sugar, salt, allspice and cayenne. Brush each slice of prosciutto with some olive oil and sprinkle with the spice mix. Place the baking sheet in the preheated oven and bake until the ham is beginning to crisp and the sugar is caramelized, 16 to 18 minutes. Transfer the slices to a cooling rack to cool completely. Blot with a paper towel if beads of oil form. <END>
INPUT: succotash, pepper jack cheese, baby arugula, olive oil, Kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pepper-Jack Chicken With Succotash | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 ounces pepper-jack cheese, shredded; 2 cups baby arugula, roughly chopped; 2 large skinless, boneless chicken breasts (12 ounces each); 1 tablespoon olive oil, plus more for brushing; Kosher salt; 1 1/2 to 2 tablespoons Cajun spice blend; Vegetable oil, for the grill; 1 cup frozen lima beans, thawed; 1 medium yellow summer squash, diced; 2 cups corn kernels; 1 cup grape tomatoes, halved; Juice of 1 lime | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine the cheese and arugula in a bowl. Cut a deep 2-inch-wide pocket in the thickest part of each chicken breast with a paring knife. Stuff with the arugula mixture. Brush with olive oil and season with salt and the Cajun spice blend. Preheat a grill to high and brush the grates with vegetable oil. Grill the chicken until blackened and a thermometer inserted into the thickest part registers 155 degrees F, 8 to 10 minutes per side. Transfer to a cutting board. Meanwhile, heat 1 tablespoon olive oil in a skillet over high heat. Add the lima beans, squash and corn, season with salt and cook un <END>
INPUT: model, chocolate, bittersweet chocolate, Cocoa butter, Powdered food coloring, Fruit Jewels
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate Model | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 64 ounces white chocolate, tempered; 32 ounces bittersweet chocolate, tempered; Cocoa butter, melted; Powdered food coloring, as needed; Fruit Jewels, recipe follows; 1 cup chunky applesauce; 1 1/2 cups apricots, fresh or canned (and drained), peeled and pitted; 2 1/4 cups sugar, plus extra for dusting; 1 cup fresh raspberries, optional | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: Plastic body mold from a display supply store Tube mold, poster tube can be used Plain plastic face mask from a party supply store There are a few things to keep in mind when you start a project like this one. First, have fun. Second, the bigger the mold, the thicker the layer of chocolate. For the Base: There are a few options for making a chocolate base. If you have a plastic deli tray, you can pour a 1/4-inch-thick layer of white chocolate onto it. Allow it to set. When it hardens, the chocolate will retract from the sides. Simply overturn the tray being careful to suppor <END>
INPUT: Mexican, chilled, soup, mangoes, seedless cucumbers, water, lime juice, cilantro leaves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chilled Mango and Cucumber Soup | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2 mangoes, peeled and pitted (2 pounds total); 2 seedless cucumbers (usually plastic-wrapped; 1 1/2 pounds total); 1/4 cup water, plus 2 cups3 tablespoons finely chopped red onion; 3 tablespoons fresh lime juice, or to taste; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro leaves; 1 1/2 teaspoons salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Finely chop 1 mango and 1 cucumber and set aside. Coarsely chop remaining mango and cucumber and puree with 1/4 cup water in a blender until almost smooth. Transfer to a bowl and stir in finely chopped mango and cucumber, onion, lime juice, and 2 cups cold water. Place bowl in a larger bowl of ice and cold water and stir until cool. Just before serving, stir in cilantro and 1 1/4 teaspoons salt. <END>
INPUT: cookies, all purpose flour, baking powder, fine salt, light sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Brown Sugar Cookies | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 1/2 cups all-purpose flour; 1/4 teaspoon baking powder; 1/4 teaspoon fine salt; 3/4 cup packed light brown sugar; 1 1/2 sticks (3/4 cup) unsalted butter, cut into small pieces, at room temperature; 1 large egg, lightly beaten; 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract; 4 cups confectioners' sugar; 1/4 cup meringue powder; Food coloring, optional; Decorating sugar, for topping, optional; Sprinkles, for topping, optional | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: Cookie cutters in desired shapes For the cookies: Whisk together the flour, baking powder and salt in a small bowl. Beat the brown sugar and butter with an electric mixer on medium speed in a large bowl until light and fluffy, about 5 minutes; beat in the egg, then the vanilla. Add the flour mixture and mix on medium-low speed until completely incorporated. Divide the dough in half, pat into 2 discs about 1/4 inch thick, wrap in plastic wrap and refrigerate until firm, about 1 hour and up to overnight. Position oven racks in the top and bottom thirds of the oven and preheat  <END>
INPUT: salad, bacon, virgin olive oil, honey, dates, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Frisée Salad with Bacon, Dates, and Red Onion | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 bacon slices, chopped; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 4 teaspoons honey, divided; 1/2 cup chopped pitted dates; 1/2 cup thinly sliced red onion; 2 tablespoons Sherry wine vinegar; 1 large head of frisée, torn (about 4 cups); 2 1/2 ounces soft fresh goat cheese (about 1/2 of 5-ounce log), crumbled; 1/3 cup walnut halves | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook bacon in heavy small skillet over medium heat until crisp. Using slotted spoon, transfer to plate. Reserve 1 tablespoon bacon drippings in skillet. Add olive oil, 3 teaspoons honey, dates, and onion to skillet. Stir in vinegar. Season dressing with salt and pepper. Place frisée in medium bowl; add dressing and toss. Divide salad between 2 plates. Sprinkle with cheese and nuts. Cook bacon in heavy small skillet over medium heat until crisp. Using slotted spoon, transfer to plate. Reserve 1 tablespoon bacon drippings in skillet. Add olive oil, 3 teaspoons honey, dates, and onion to skillet. <END>
INPUT: chip, cookies, baking soda, fine sea salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Muscovado Cocoa Chip Cookies | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/3 cups (6 ounces) all-purpose flour, spooned and leveled; 1/3 cup (1 ounce) unsweetened natural cocoa powder; 1 teaspoon baking soda; 1/2 teaspoon fine sea salt; 6 tablespoons (3 ounces) unsalted butter, at room temperature; 1 cup (7 5/8 ounces) dark muscovado sugar; 1 large egg, at room temperature; 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract; 1/3 cup (2 ounces) chopped bittersweet chocolate (60- to 70-percent cacao) | INSTRUCTIONS: Line a 12-by-17-inch baking sheet with parchment paper. Into a medium bowl, sift together the flour, cocoa powder, baking soda and salt. In the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, beat the butter on medium speed until creamy. Add 2/3 cup of the sugar and beat until light in color and texture, about 3 minutes. Add the egg and vanilla extract and beat until the egg is fully absorbed and the mixture lightens in color, 1 minute more. Reduce the speed to low and gradually stir in the flour mixture just until combined (avoid over-mixing or the cookies will be dry!). Stir in the  <END>
INPUT: Mexican, jamaican, jerk, mangoes, pineapple, rinsed beans, onion, cilantro
OUTPUT: TITLE: Jamaican Jerk Salmon and Mango Pineapple Salsa | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2 mangoes, peeled and diced; 1/2 pineapple, cored and diced; 1 cup rinsed and drained canned black beans; 3/4 cup finely chopped red onion; 1/4 cup fresh cilantro, chopped; 3/4 teaspoon salt, divided; 1 teaspoon ground allspice; 1 teaspoon ground cumin; 1/4 teaspoon dried thyme; 1/4 teaspoon cayenne pepper; 1/8 teaspoon cinnamon; 4 salmon fillets (5 ounces each), skin on; 1 teaspoon olive oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine mangoes, pineapple, black beans, onion, cilantro and 1/4 teaspoon salt in a bowl. Combine remaining 1/2 teaspoon salt, allspice, cumin, thyme, cayenne and cinnamon in another bowl; rub over both sides of each fillet. Heat oil in a large nonstick skillet over medium-high heat; cook salmon until cooked through, 5 minutes per side. Serve with salsa. Combine mangoes, pineapple, black beans, onion, cilantro and 1/4 teaspoon salt in a bowl. Combine remaining 1/2 teaspoon salt, allspice, cumin, thyme, cayenne and cinnamon in another bowl; rub over both sides of each fillet. Heat oil in a larg <END>
INPUT: American, country, all purpose flour, sugar, salt, unsalted butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Country Peach Pie | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: For the crust:; 3 cups all-purpose flour, plus more for dusting; 2 tablespoons sugar; 3/4 teaspoon salt; 2 sticks cold unsalted butter, cut into small pieces; For the filling:; 4 pounds peaches, peeled and cut into wedges; 3/4 cup plus 1 tablespoon sugar; 1/4 cup all-purpose flour; 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice; 1/4 teaspoon ground cardamom; 1/4 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1/8 teaspoon ground allspice; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, cut into small pieces; 1 large egg | INSTRUCTIONS: Make the crust: Pulse the flour, sugar and salt in a food processor. Add the butter and pulse until the mixture looks like coarse meal with pea-size bits of butter. Add 1/2 cup ice water and pulse until the dough just starts to come together. Divide the dough between 2 pieces of plastic wrap and form each into a disk; wrap tightly and refrigerate until firm, at least 1 hour. Make the filling: Toss the peaches in a bowl with 3/4 cup sugar, the flour, lemon juice and spices. Lightly dust a large piece of parchment paper with flour. Roll out 1 piece of the dough into a 12-inch round on the parchm <END>
INPUT: Asian, saute, chinese, anchovy paste, soy sauce, sugar, chicken broth, pepper flakes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Shrimp and Vegetable Saute, Chinese Style | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1 teaspoon anchovy paste; 1 tablespoon soy sauce; 1 teaspoon sugar; 1/4 cup chicken broth; Dried red pepper flakes; 1 tablespoon each vegetable and sesame oil; 1 cup seeded red bell peppers, cut into 1-inch squares; 1 scallion, whites thinly sliced, greens, cut into rounds, kept separate; 1 pound deveined peeled shrimp, halved; 1 clove minced garlic; 1 cup thawed frozen peas; 1/4 cup each chiffonade of mint and basil leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: Whisk anchovy paste, soy sauce, sugar, broth and season with red pepper flakes. In a large skillet or wok, heat the vegetable and sesame oils. Add peppers and scallion whites and stir fry or saute, stirring continuously for one minute. Add shrimp and saute for another minute. Add garlic and saute for 15 seconds until you get a good whiff of its aroma. Add liquid ingredients and peas, half of mint and basil leaves and simmer for a minute or two just until the shrimp are cooked through and the vegetables are tender but still crisp. Taste and season and transfer to a bowl; serve over rice, garnis <END>
INPUT: Mexican, eight, layer, vegetable oil, onion, garlic, tomato paste, chili powder
OUTPUT: TITLE: Eight-Layer Chicken Chili Dip | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons vegetable oil; 1 medium red onion, chopped; 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped; 3 tablespoons tomato paste; 1 tablespoon chili powder; Kosher salt; 1/4 teaspoon cayenne pepper; 1 cup low-sodium chicken broth; 2 cups shredded rotisserie chicken; 1 cup sour cream; 1 cup roughly chopped cilantro leaves and stems; Juice and zest of 1 lime; 1 cup frozen corn, thawed; 1 green bell pepper, chopped; 1 1/2 cups crumbled cornbread | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat the oil in a large nonstick skillet over medium-high heat, add half of the onion and the garlic and cook, stirring, until soft and just begins to brown, about 4 minutes. Add the tomato paste, chili powder, 1/2 teaspoon salt and the cayenne pepper. Cook, stirring, until the oil is brick red, about 2 minutes. Add the chicken broth and bring to a simmer. Cook until thickened slightly, about 3 minutes. Add the shredded chicken and stir until just warmed through, remove from heat and cool to room temperature. Whisk together the sour cream, cilantro, lime juice and zest in a small bowl. Toss to <END>
INPUT: parfaits, loosely mint leaves, water, sugar, lemon juice, heavy whipping cream
OUTPUT: TITLE: Icy Lemon-Mint Parfaits | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups loosely packed fresh mint leaves plus 6 leaves for garnish; 1 1/4 cups water; 1 cup sugar; 3/4 cup fresh lemon juice; 3/4 cup chilled heavy whipping cream; 1 1/2 tablespoons sugar; 1 1/2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh mint leaves; 1 1-pint container fresh strawberries, hulled, thinly sliced | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine 2 cups mint leaves, 1 1/4 cups water, and sugar in medium saucepan. Stir over medium heat until sugar dissolves. Reduce heat to very low; cook 5 minutes without simmering. Pour through fine strainer into 8x8x2-inch glass baking dish. Cool to room temperature; mix in lemon juice. Cover and freeze until firm, stirring occasionally, at least 6 hours or overnight. Combine 2 cups mint leaves, 1 1/4 cups water, and sugar in medium saucepan. Stir over medium heat until sugar dissolves. Reduce heat to very low; cook 5 minutes without simmering. Pour through fine strainer into 8x8x2-inch glass  <END>
INPUT: gazpacho, tomatoes, virgin olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Tomato-Bell Pepper Gazpacho | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 1/4 to 3 1/2 pounds firm but ripe medium tomatoes; 1 (8- to 9-ounce) red bell pepper; 1 (8- to 10-ounce) red onion, unpeeled, quartered lengthwise; 8 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, divided; 3 (5 x 3 x 1/2-inch) slices country-style bread; 3 garlic cloves, divided; 1 (10- to 11-ounce) cucumber, peeled, halved, seeded, cut into small cubes, divided; 3 tablespoons (or more) Sherry wine vinegar; 2 teaspoons chopped fresh marjoram; 3/4 teaspoon smoked paprika*; 1/2 teaspoon ground cumin; 1/4 teaspoon cayenne pepper; 3/4 cup (about) cold water (optional); 3 green onions, cut into thin strips; *Sometimes labeled Pimentón Dulce or Pimentón de La Vera Dulce; available at some supermarkets, at specialty foods stores, and from tienda.com | INSTRUCTIONS: Prepare barbecue (medium-high heat). Place first 3 ingredients on baking sheet. Brush with 3 tablespoons oil; sprinkle with salt and pepper. Brush both sides of bread with 2 tablespoons oil. Grill vegetables until skins are charred, turning frequently, about 8 minutes for tomatoes, 10 minutes for onion, and 15 minutes for pepper. Return to baking sheet. Grill bread until toasted, about 1 1/2 minutes per side. Cut 1 garlic clove in half; rub over toasted sides of bread. Cut bread into small cubes; reserve croutons. Remove charred skins and cores from tomatoes. Peel, seed, and core pepper; coars <END>
INPUT: Italian, broth, wine, steamers, Chile Pesto, honey, cilantro leaves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Steamers in Red Chile Pesto Broth | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups dry white wine; 1 1/2 pounds steamers, scrubbed; Red Chile Pesto, recipe follows; 2 teaspoons honey; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro leaves; 2 ancho chile pods; 2 New Mexico chile pods; 1 tablespoon honey; 1/4 cup fresh cilantro leaves; 3 cloves garlic, chopped; 2 tablespoons pine nuts; 1/2 cup extra-virgin olive oil; Salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat grill to high. Place a large kettle on the grill, add wine and bring to a boil. Add the steamers, cover and steam until opened, discarding any that do not open. Remove steamers to a large bowl with a slotted spoon. Bring liquid back to a boil and reduce by half. Whisk in the red chile pesto and honey. Season with salt and pepper and stir in the cilantro. Pour the mixture over the steamers and serve immediately. Place chiles in a bowl and cover with boiling water; let sit until soft, at least 30 minutes. Remove the chiles from the liquid, reserving the liquid, and coarsely chop. Place the  <END>
INPUT: cheesecake, graham cracker crumbs, sugar, cream cheese
OUTPUT: TITLE: Raspberry Cheesecake | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cups graham cracker crumbs (10 crackers); 1 tablespoon sugar; 6 tablespoons (3/4 stick) unsalted butter, melted; 2 1/2 pounds cream cheese, at room temperature; 1 1/2 cups sugar; 5 whole extra-large eggs, at room temperature; 2 extra-large egg yolks, at room temperature; 1/4 cup sour cream, at room temperature; 1 tablespoon grated lemon zest (2 lemons); 1 1/2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract; 1 cup red jelly (not jam), such as currant, raspberry or strawberry; 3 half-pints fresh raspberries | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. To make the crust, combine the graham crackers, sugar and melted butter until moistened. Pour into a 9 1/2 -inch springform pan. With your hands, press the crumbs into the bottom of the pan and about 1 inch up the sides. Bake for 8 minutes. Cool to room temperature. Raise the oven temperature to 450 degrees F. Test your oven with an oven thermometer to be sure it's accurate! To make the filling, cream the cream cheese and sugar in the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with a paddle attachment on medium-high speed for about 5 minutes, until light and fluffy. Re <END>
INPUT: popover, pudding, milk, eggs, all purpose flour, salt, chives
OUTPUT: TITLE: Popover Pudding with Irish Bacon | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups whole milk; 4 large eggs; 1 3/4 cups all-purpose flour; 1 1/4 teaspoons salt; 1 large bunch fresh chives; 1 pound sliced Irish bacon*; about 1/2 cup vegetable oil; *available at many supermarkets | INSTRUCTIONS: In a blender blend milk, eggs, flour, and salt until just smooth. Transfer batter to a bowl. Finely chop enough chives to measure 1/2 cup and whisk into batter. Chill batter, covered, at least 1 hour and up to 1 day. Preheat oven to 400°F. Trim fat from bacon. In a large nonstick skillet cook fat over low heat, stirring occasionally, until most of fat is rendered and solids are golden brown. Discard solids and increase heat to moderately high. Heat rendered fat until hot but not smoking and sauté bacon in batches until just golden, about 1 minute on each side. Transfer bacon as cooked to paper <END>
INPUT: Italian, chiles, blanched hazelnuts, orecchiette other pasta, Kosher salt, olive oil, butternut squash
OUTPUT: TITLE: Orecchiette with Squash, Chiles, and Hazelnuts | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup blanched hazelnuts; 12 ounces fresh orecchiette or other fresh or dried small pasta; Kosher salt; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1/2 small butternut squash, peeled, cut into 1/2" pieces (about 2 cups); 2 garlic cloves, thinly sliced; 1/2 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, divided; 1/4 cup (1/2 stick) unsalted butter, cut into pieces; 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice; 1/4 cup grated Parmesan plus more for serving; 4 tablespoons torn fresh mint leaves, divided; Freshly ground pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350°F. Spread out hazelnuts on a small rimmed baking sheet and toast, tossing occasionally, until golden, about 6 minutes. Let cool, then coarsely chop; set aside. Cook pasta in a large pot of boiling salted water, stirring occasionally, until al dente (about 5 minutes for fresh pasta). Drain, reserving 1 cup pasta cooking liquid. Meanwhile, heat oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Add squash and cook, tossing occasionally, until crisp-tender, about 5 minutes. Add garlic and 1/4 teaspoon red pepper flakes and cook, stirring, just until garlic begins to brown, about 2  <END>
INPUT: sausage, wrapped, rack lamb, olive oil, butter, shallots, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sausage-Wrapped Lamb Chops with Tapanade Butter | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 8-rib rack of lamb, frenched, trimmed of all fat, cut into 4 double chops; 1 tablespoon olive oil; 1 teaspoon butter; 1/4 cup chopped shallots; 2 garlic cloves, minced; 3/4 teaspoon ground cumin; 4 ounces ground lamb; 4 ounces ground pork; 1 large egg; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/4 teaspoon ground black pepper; 1 teaspoon brandy; 1 teaspoon Madeira; Nonstick vegetable oil spray; Tapenade Butter | INSTRUCTIONS: Sprinkle chops with salt and pepper. Heat oil in large nonstick skillet over high heat. Add chops; sear just until brown, about 1 minute per side. Transfer to plate and cool. Melt butter in small nonstick skillet over medium heat. Add shallots and garlic; sauté until soft, about 3 minutes. Add cumin; stir 30 seconds. Transfer to medium bowl and cool. Mix ground lamb, pork, egg, 1/2 teaspoon salt, 1/4 teaspoon pepper, brandy, and Madeira into shallot mixture. Divide meat mixture into 4 equal portions. Press each meat mixture portion around each lamb chop, covering meat completely and pressing t <END>
INPUT: shots, lemons, flavored gelatin dessert, boiling water, vodka
OUTPUT: TITLE: Gelatin Shots | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 lemons; One 3-ounce package flavored gelatin dessert; 3/4 cup boiling water; 3/4 cup vodka | INSTRUCTIONS: Cut the lemons in half lengthwise and remove the flesh with a spoon. Put the lemon halves cavity-side up in a muffin tin. Add the gelatin dessert powder to the boiling water and whisk well to combine. Add the vodka and whisk to incorporate. Transfer to a cup measure and carefully fill the lemon cavities. Chill for 4 hours, slice and serve. <END>
INPUT: pudding, olive oil, garlic, chiffonade spinach, day old French, portobello mushrooms stems
OUTPUT: TITLE: Portobello Bread Pudding | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 tablespoons olive oil; 1 tablespoon chopped garlic; 2 cups chiffonade of spinach; 3 cups day old French bread, cubed in 1/2inch squares; 1 pound portobello mushrooms stems removed and caps thinly sliced; 1 cup Parmigiano-Reggiano; 4 eggs; 3/4 cup half and half; 3/4 cup heavy cream; 1 teaspoon Kosher salt; 1/4 teaspoon pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Heat 1 tablespoon of olive oil in a skillet. Lightly brown the garlic, remove from heat and toss with the spinach. Place on top of the bread cubes. Return skillet to the heat, add 2 tablespoons olive oil. Sear the portobello slices on both sides and arrange in a circle overlapping on the top of the spinach. Add more olive oil as needed. Sprinkle the cheese on top. Beat eggs and add the half and half, cream, salt and pepper. Pour over top. Bake for 30 minutes <END>
INPUT: brined, toast, cloudy apple cider, tamari soy sauce, kosher salt, dark amber real, peppercorns
OUTPUT: TITLE: Soy and Cider Brined Turkey on Toast Points with Maple-Soy Gravy | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 cups cloudy apple cider; 1/2 cup tamari soy sauce or liquid amino; 1/4 cup kosher salt; 1/4 cup dark amber real maple syrup; 6 black peppercorns; 2 bay leaves; Three 2 1/2 pound boneless, skin-on split turkey breasts; Nonstick cooking spray; Olive or vegetable oil, to drizzle; Salt and pepper; 4 tablespoons butter; 12 to 15 sage leaves; 6 to 8 slices whole wheat or whole-grain bread; Maple Soy Gravy, recipe follows; 5 tablespoons butter | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: 2 1/2 gallon resealable plastic bag Combine 4 cups water with the apple cider, soy sauce, salt, maple syrup, peppercorns, bay leaves in the resealable bag (double bag to prevent against leaks), and add in the turkey. Chill overnight. To roast, preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Arrange a wire rack on a rimmed baking sheet, and spray the rack with nonstick cooking spray. Remove the turkey from the brine, pat dry and arrange on the rack. Coat the skin with a little oil and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Roast until an internal thermometer reads 165 degrees F, about 15 minutes  <END>
INPUT: lean, beans, olive oil, onion, garlic, smoked pork chops
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lean Red Beans and Rice | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup red beans; 2 teaspoons olive oil; 1/2 large onion,chopped; 3 large garlic cloves, minced; 6 ounces boneless smoked pork chops, well trimmed, diced; 4 ounces andouille sausage,* diced (optional); 1/2 teaspoon dried thyme, crumbled; 1/4 teaspoon cayenne pepper; 3 1/2 cups water; Steamed rice; *A smoked pork and beef sausage, available at specialty food stores. Smoked bratwurst, kielbasa or smoked Hungarian sausage can be substituted | INSTRUCTIONS: Soak beans in water to cover overnight. Heat oil in heavy large pot over medium heat. Add onion and garlic and sauté until tender, about 6 minutes. Stir in pork chops, sausage, thyme and cayenne; sauté 2 minutes. Add beans and 3 1/2 cups water. Simmer over low heat until beans are creamy, about 1 1/2 hours. Serve with steamed rice. Soak beans in water to cover overnight. Heat oil in heavy large pot over medium heat. Add onion and garlic and sauté until tender, about 6 minutes. Stir in pork chops, sausage, thyme and cayenne; sauté 2 minutes. Add beans and 3 1/2 cups water. Simmer over low heat  <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, peppercorns, feta, honey
OUTPUT: TITLE: Feta with Pepper Honey | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 2 1/2 teaspoons black peppercorns; 1 pound feta; 1/3 cup honey | INSTRUCTIONS: With a mortar and pestle or the bottom of a heavy skillet coarsely crack peppercorns. Pat feta dry and put on a platter. In a measuring cup stir together pepper and honey and pour over feta. With a mortar and pestle or the bottom of a heavy skillet coarsely crack peppercorns. Pat feta dry and put on a platter. In a measuring cup stir together pepper and honey and pour over feta. <END>
INPUT: American, bacon, onion, wine, gemelli rotini, slender zucchini
OUTPUT: TITLE: Gemelli with Zucchini, Tomatoes, and Bacon | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 12 bacon slices, cut crosswise into 1-inch pieces; 1 large red onion, chopped (about 2 cups); 1 1/2 cups dry white wine; 12 ounces gemelli or rotini (about 3 cups); 3 slender zucchini, halved lengthwise and sliced crosswise into 1/2-inch-wide pieces; 3 large plum tomatoes, seeded, coarsely chopped (about 1 1/2 cups); 1/3 cup chopped fresh oregano; 1 cup crumbled soft fresh goat cheese (about 4 ounces) | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook bacon in heavy large skillet over medium-high heat until brown and crisp. Using slotted spoon, transfer to paper towels to drain. Pour off all but 3 tablespoons drippings from skillet. Add onion and sauté until soft, about 3 minutes. Add wine; boil until reduced by 1/3, about 3 minutes. Meanwhile, cook pasta in large pot of boiling salted water until slightly underdone. Add zucchini and boil until pasta is tender but still firm to bite and zucchini is crisp-tender, stirring occasionally, about 2 minutes longer. Drain. Add pasta, zucchini, bacon, tomatoes, and oregano to onion in skillet.  <END>
INPUT: Asian, crisp, oriental, soy sauce, wine vinegar, gingerroot, sugar, four flounder orange
OUTPUT: TITLE: Crisp Fried Fish Fillets Oriental | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1/3 cup soy sauce; 2 tablespoons white-wine vinegar; 1 1/2 tablespoons minced peeled fresh gingerroot; 1 teaspoon sugar; four 6- to 8-ounce skinless flounder or orange roughy fillets; cornstarch for dredging the fish; 2 large eggs; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1 1/3 cups fresh bread crumbs; 1/4 cup sesame seeds; vegetable oil for frying the fish | INSTRUCTIONS: In a small saucepan combine the soy sauce, the vinegar, the gingerroot, the sugar, and pepper to taste and heat the mixture over low heat while preparing the fish. Pat the fish dry and season it with salt and pepper. Have ready in separate shallow dishes the cornstarch, the eggs beaten with the salt, and the bread crumbs combined with the sesame seeds. Dredge each fillet in the cornstarch, coating it thoroughly and shaking off the excess, dip it in the egg mixture, letting the excess drip off, and dredge it in the bread crumb mixture, pressing the mixture to help it adhere. In a skillet large  <END>
INPUT: rolls, sharp cheddar cheese, Vegetable oil, packet active yeast, all purpose flour, russet potato
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cheddar Potato Rolls | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups grated sharp cheddar cheese (about 8 ounces); Vegetable oil, for brushing; 1 1/4-ounce packet active dry yeast (about 2 1/4 teaspoons); 4 cups all-purpose flour, plus more for dusting; 1 medium russet potato (7 to 8 ounces); 1 stick plus 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature, plus more for the baking dish; 1/4 cup sugar; 1 1/2 teaspoons kosher salt; 1 teaspoon mustard powder; 2 large eggs, at room temperature | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine 1 cup warm water (105 degrees F to 110 degrees F) and the yeast in a medium bowl; let sit until foamy, about 5 minutes. Sift 1 1/2 cups flour over the yeast; stir until mostly smooth. Cover with plastic wrap and set aside in a warm place until doubled in size with large bubbles on the surface, 20 to 30 minutes. Meanwhile, prick the potato all over with a fork; microwave until tender, 8 to 10 minutes. Let cool, then peel the potato and grate on the large holes of a box grater. Combine 1 stick butter, the sugar, salt and mustard powder in a stand mixer; beat with the paddle attachment on <END>
INPUT: Mexican, stir, wheat couscous, turkey, Salt pepper, olive oil, butternut squash
OUTPUT: TITLE: Ground Turkey Enchilada Stir-Fry with Couscous | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup whole wheat couscous; 1 pound lean ground turkey; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 teaspoon olive oil; 2 cups butternut squash, peeled, seeded and diced; 1 cup broccoli florets; One 15-ounce can no-sodium-added black beans; One 10-ounce can enchilada sauce; 1/2 cup salsa; Suggested toppings: chopped fresh cilantro, diced avocado, shredded cheese, lime juice | INSTRUCTIONS: Pour 1/2 cup of water into a small saucepan and bring to a boil over high heat. Pour the couscous into the saucepan and stir well. Turn off the heat, cover and let stand 5 minutes. Fluff with a fork and set aside. Meanwhile, in a large skillet or wok, cook the ground turkey over medium heat, breaking it up with a wooden spoon, until cooked through and browned, about 5 minutes. Sprinkle with some salt and pepper. Transfer to a bowl and set aside. Drain the excess fat and wipe the pan clean. Heat the oil in the same pan over high heat, then add the squash and cook, stirring occasionally, until b <END>
INPUT: swirl, brownies, vegetable oil, cream cheese, smooth old fashioned, egg
OUTPUT: TITLE: Peanut Butter Swirl Chocolate Brownies | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Nonstick vegetable oil spray; 6 ounces cream cheese, room temperature; 1/2 cup smooth old-fashioned peanut butter; 1/3 cup (packed) golden brown sugar; 1 large egg; 2 tablespoons cornstarch; 1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract; 6 tablespoons unsalted butter; 2 ounces semisweet chocolate, chopped; 2 ounces unsweetened chocolate, chopped; 2 large eggs; 1 cup sugar; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 3/4 cup unbleached all purpose flour | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350°F. Spray 8 x 8 x 2-inch baking pan with nonstick spray. Preheat oven to 350°F. Spray 8 x 8 x 2-inch baking pan with nonstick spray. Make swirl: Using electric mixer, beat cream cheese and next 5 ingredients in medium bowl until blended and smooth. Using electric mixer, beat cream cheese and next 5 ingredients in medium bowl until blended and smooth. Make brownies: Combine butter and both chopped chocolates in heavy medium saucepan. Stir over low heat until melted and smooth. Remove from heat; cool to room temperature. Whisk in eggs, then sugar, vanilla and salt. Add flour;  <END>
INPUT: roast, garlic, herbes de Provence, olive oil, kosher salt, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roast Provençal Chicken | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 garlic cloves, finely chopped; 1/4 cup herbes de Provence; 1/4 cup olive oil; 1 tablespoon kosher salt; 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 1 3 1/2-4-pound chicken; Lemon wedges (for serving) | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 475°. Mix garlic, herbes de Provence, oil, salt, and pepper in a small bowl. Rub mixture all over inside and outside of chicken. Place on a wire rack set inside a roasting pan. Roast chicken until skin begins to brown, 25-30 minutes. Reduce heat to 350° and roast until an instant-read thermometer inserted into thigh registers 165°, 25-30 minutes longer. Let rest 10 minutes before carving. Serve with lemon wedges. DO AHEAD: Chicken can be made 2 days ahead. Let cool. Cover and chill; bring to room temperature before serving. Preheat oven to 475°. Mix garlic, herbes de Provence,  <END>
INPUT: Mexican, vegetable oil, onion, cumin, garlic, tomatoes juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tomato, Edamame and Corn Sauté with Cumin and Cilantro | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon vegetable oil; 3/4 cup finely chopped onion; 1 3/4 teaspoons ground cumin; 1 garlic clove, minced; 1 14 1/2-ounce can diced tomatoes in juice; 2 cups shelled cooked edamame beans (from about 26 ounces of pods); 1 cup frozen corn kernels; 1/2 cup canned vegetable broth; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat oil in large nonstick skillet over medium-high heat. Add onion; sauté until golden, about 5 minutes. Add cumin and garlic; stir 1 minute. Add tomatoes with their juices; bring to boil. Reduce heat to medium and cook until most liquid has cooked away, about 5 minutes. Stir in edamame, corn and broth. Simmer until most broth is absorbed, about 6 minutes. Season with salt and pepper. Transfer to bowl. Sprinkle with cilantro and serve. Heat oil in large nonstick skillet over medium-high heat. Add onion; sauté until golden, about 5 minutes. Add cumin and garlic; stir 1 minute. Add tomatoes wit <END>
INPUT: mushroom, orzo, duck legs, kosher salt, coarse Szechuan peppercorns, molasses, Chinese vinegar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tea-Smoked Duck Legs with Mushroom and Orzo Ragout | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 8 duck legs; 1/4 cup kosher salt; 1/2 tablespoon coarse ground and toasted Szechuan peppercorns; 1/4 cup molasses; 1/4 cup Chinese black vinegar; 1/2 tablespoon five-spice powder; 1 cup rice; 1 cup black tea leaves; 1 cup sugar; 2 wet cloths; 1 tablespoon minced garlic; 1 large red onion minced; 1 cup sliced creminis; 1 cup sliced shiitakes; 1 cup sliced chanterelles | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: 1 piece aluminum foil Mix salt and peppercorns and season duck legs, place in sealed container and let brine overnight. Set up a steamer with a large bamboo basket and cover. In a bowl, mix together molasses, vinegar and five-spice. Brush the glaze on the legs and place in the steamer. Steam for 1 to 1 1/2 hours on low steam, occasionally brushing on more glaze and checking water level. Legs should be tender. Remove steamer and dump out remaining water and wipe clean. Line with foil and add the rice, sugar and tea. Mix well and turn wok on medium heat. When mixture starts to <END>
INPUT: cakes, russet potatoes, milk, butter beans, onions
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mashed Potato and Butter Bean Cakes with Green Onions | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/4 pounds russet potatoes, peeled, cut into 3/4-inch cubes; 1/2 cup whole milk; 2 tablespoons (1/4 stick) butter; 1 15-ounce can butter beans, drained, coarsely mashed; 4 green onions, chopped; 1 1/2 cups panko (Japanese breadcrumbs) or fresh breadcrumbs; Extra-virgin olive oil (for frying) | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook potatoes in large pot of boiling salted water until tender, about 10 minutes. Drain and return to pot; stir over medium heat until dry, about 1 minute. Add milk and butter; mash. Mix in mashed beans and green onions. Season with salt and pepper; cool 15 minutes. Place panko in large bowl. Drop 1/4 cupfuls potato mixture into panko; turn to coat. Coat bottom of 2 large nonstick skillets with oil; heat over medium heat. Divide potato cakes between skillets. Using spatula, flatten each potato cake to 2-inch round. Fry until golden, about 5 minutes per side. Cook potatoes in large pot of boil <END>
INPUT: duck, sea salt kosher, crisp tart apples, onions
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Crispy Duck Stuffed with Apples and Onions | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 duck, 4 to 5 pounds; 1 tablespoon sea salt or kosher salt; 2 crisp tart apples, such as Granny Smith, unpeeled; 3 yellow onions, peeled | INSTRUCTIONS: Cut apples and onions into quarters. Remove seeds from apples and set aside. Rinse duck with cold water and pat dry. Discard giblets and organ meats. Trim all loose fat from the inner cavity. Stuff cavity with apples and onions. Sprinkle duck liberally with salt and pierce skin in several places with a fork. Place the duck, breast side up, in a roast holder (which is placed in a drip pan for gas grill) in the center of the cooking grate. Cook 1 1/2 to 2 hours, piercing the underside of the duck every 30 minutes to remove excess fat. When the duck juices run clear, and the internal temperature  <END>
INPUT: crumble, rolled oats, sugar, almonds, butter, cinnamon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Peach Almond Crumble | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup rolled oats; 1/3 cup packed brown sugar; 1/4 cup sliced almonds; 3 tablespoons butter, softened; 1 teaspoon cinnamon; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 6 cups sliced peaches (about 4 to 6 peaches); 1/4 cup packed brown sugar; 2 tablespoons cornstarch; 1 teaspoon almond extract; 1/8 teaspoon nutmeg; Vanilla ice cream, for serving, optional | INSTRUCTIONS: For the topping: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. In a small bowl, combine the oats, sugar, almonds, butter, cinnamon and salt and stir with a fork until the mixture resembles coarse crumbs; set aside. For the filling: In a medium bowl, stir together the peaches, sugar, cornstarch, almond extract and nutmeg and transfer to an 8- or 9-inch shallow baking dish. Crumble the topping over the peach mixture. Bake until the filling is hot and bubbly and the topping is golden brown, 40 to 50 minutes. Serve warm with vanilla ice cream if desired. <END>
INPUT: American, tartlets, prunes, Armagnac, Sweet pastry dough, mascarpone, egg yolks
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mascarpone and Prune Tartlets | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 10 pitted prunes (2 oz; sometimes called dried plums); 1/4 cup Armagnac; Sweet pastry dough for a single-crust pie; 1 cup mascarpone (from an 8 3/4-oz container); 3 large egg yolks; 1/2 cup sugar; 1 teaspoon finely grated fresh lemon zest; 1/2 teaspoon vanilla; 1/4 teaspoon salt; Special equipment: a 5-inch round cookie cutter; 6 (4- by 3/4-inch) fluted round tartlet pans; pie weights or raw rice | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring prunes and Armagnac just to a simmer in a 1-quart saucepan, then let stand, covered, 1 hour. Roll out dough into a 15-inch round (about 1/8 inch thick) on a lightly floured surface with a lightly floured rolling pin, lifting up dough occasionally and flouring surface as necessary to keep dough from sticking. Cut out 6 rounds with 5-inch cutter. Fit each round into a tartlet pan and trim edge. Chill tartlet shells 30 minutes. Put oven rack in middle position and preheat oven to 375°F. Drain prunes, reserving Armagnac in pan, and cut into roughly 1/4-inch pieces, then return to Armagnac. L <END>
INPUT: smoothie, pumpkin pie filling, milk, vanilla yogurt, cinnamon, cinnamon graham cracker
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pumpkin Smoothie | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: One 15-ounce can pumpkin pie filling; 3 cups milk; 1/2 cup vanilla yogurt; 1/4 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1/4 cup cinnamon graham cracker crumbs | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Anytime before Thanksgiving, spoon the pumpkin pie filling into muffin cups, then cover the pan with aluminum foil and place it in the freezer. When you're ready to make the smoothies, add the milk to a blender. Then add the yogurt. Pop 4 pieces of the frozen pumpkin pie filling out of the pan and add to the blender. (Save the rest of the pie filling for another time, or for a second batch of smoothies if one isn't enough to calm the hungry beasts.) Next, add the cinnamon. Then blend the mixture until totally smooth and pour it into individual glasses. Sprinkle t <END>
INPUT: hero, herbed, Roma tomatoes, Salt pepper, mayonnaise, basil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Catfish Hero with Seared Tomatoes and Herbed Mayo | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Cooking spray; 4 Roma tomatoes, sliced into 1/4-inch thick rounds; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1/2 cup mayonnaise; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh basil; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh chives; 2 teaspoons Dijon mustard; 1 teaspoon finely grated lemon zest; 4 long sandwich rolls; Cooked catfish fillets, about 12 ounces total; Lettuce leaves; Thinly sliced red onion | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat a large griddle or nonstick skillet with cooking spray and set over medium-high heat. Season tomatoes with salt and black pepper and add to hot pan. Cook 1 minute per side, flipping with a spatula, until golden brown. Remove from heat. In a small bowl, whisk together mayonnaise, basil, chives, mustard, and lemon zest. Spread mixture on rolls. Top with seared tomatoes, catfish, lettuce leaves, and red onion. <END>
INPUT: new potatoes, virgin olive oil, butter, sweet paprika, parsley leaves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Red New Potatoes with Sweet Paprika Butter and Parsley | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 pounds small red new potatoes; 1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil; 1/2 stick butter; 2 teaspoons sweet paprika; 1/4 cup parsley leaves, chopped; Salt and pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 450 degrees F. Sort potatoes. Potatoes that are 2 inches or less in diameter can be left whole. Halve remaining potatoes. Coat very lightly with a drizzle of extra virgin olive oil and roast potatoes 20 to 25 minutes, until just tender. Transfer potatoes from the oven to a bowl. Sprinkle in parsley and season the potatoes with salt and pepper. Toss the potatoes with butter and paprika to coat evenly. Adjust salt and pepper, to your taste, and serve. <END>
INPUT: Asian, crisps, vegetable oil, cornstarch, square wonton wrappers, tablespoonssesame seeds, kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sesame Wonton Crisps | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon vegetable oil; 2 teaspoons cornstarch; 12 square wonton wrappers, thawed if frozen; 2 tablespoonssesame seeds, toasted; 1 teaspoon kosher salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 375°F. Stir together oil and cornstarch in a small bowl until combined. Stack wonton wrappers and halve diagonally. Arrange in 1 layer on a large baking sheet and brush tops with oil mixture. Sprinkle evenly with sesame seeds and kosher salt and bake in middle of oven until golden brown, 5 to 6 minutes. Transfer crisps as browned to a rack to cool. Preheat oven to 375°F. Stir together oil and cornstarch in a small bowl until combined. Stack wonton wrappers and halve diagonally. Arrange in 1 layer on a large baking sheet and brush tops with oil mixture. Sprinkle evenly with sesa <END>
INPUT: Italian, cherry, strudel, all purpose flour, olive oil, unsalted butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Ricotta and Cherry Strudel | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/4 cups all purpose flour; 1/4 teaspoon (generous) salt; 1 tablespoon plus 2 teaspoons olive oil; 6 tablespoons (or more) water; 3 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1 1/2 cups unflavored dry breadcrumbs; 6 tablespoons sugar; Cheesecloth; 2 pounds fresh whole-milk ricotta cheese (preferably large-curd); 1 3/4 cups sugar; 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, room temperature; 3 large eggs; 1 tablespoon finely grated lemon peel; 2 teaspoons finely grated orange peel; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract | INSTRUCTIONS: The dough Whisk flour and salt in medium bowl. Drizzle olive oil over; toss with flour. Sprinkle 6 tablespoons water over, 1 tablespoon at a time; mix in with fork (small clumps will form). Knead mixture in bowl until dough comes together and is pliable, adding more water by teaspoonfuls if dough is dry. Turn dough out onto work surface; knead until smooth and elastic, adding flour to work surface only if dough is sticky, about 6 minutes. Flatten into disk. Wrap in plastic; chill overnight. DO AHEAD Dough can be made 2 days ahead. Keep chilled. Let stand at room temperature 1 hour before rolli <END>
INPUT: Italian, beef, sausage, olive oil, onions, bell peppers
OUTPUT: TITLE: Meat Sauce | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 3 pounds ground beef (I used ground round); 2 pounds sausage; 3 tablespoons olive oil; 2 large yellow onions, diced; 2 green bell peppers, seeded and diced; 6 cloves garlic, minced; 1 cup white wine or stock (your choice); Two 28-ounce cans crushed tomatoes; One 24-ounce jar good store-bought marinara sauce (you can use another jar if you like the sauce to be more saucy than meaty); One 15-ounce can crushed tomatoes; One 6-ounce can tomato paste; 2 tablespoons sugar; 2 teaspoons kosher salt; 1 teaspoon ground oregano; 1 teaspoon ground thyme | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. In a large pot over medium-high heat, brown the ground beef and sausage until totally browned. Remove the meat from the pot with a slotted spoon and put it into a bowl. Set aside. Discard any grease in the pot, but do not clean the pot. Drizzle in the olive oil. When it is heated, throw in the onions and bell peppers. Stir it around for 1 1/2 minutes, and then add the garlic. Stir and cook for an additional minute. Pour in the wine and allow it to bubble up and reduce for about 1 1/2 minutes. Add the crushed tomatoes, marinara sauce and tomato paste. Stir to comb <END>
INPUT: Mexican, citrus, gravy, honey, thyme
OUTPUT: TITLE: Citrus-Glazed Turkey with Chipotle Gravy | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 cup (1 1/2 sticks) unsalted butter; 1/2 cup honey; 3 tablespoons (packed) grated orange peel; 3 tablespoons (packed) grated lime peel (from about 12 limes); 2 tablespoons chopped fresh thyme; 4 teaspoons chopped canned chipotle chilies*; 1 tablespoon ground cumin; 1 teaspoon salt; 2 tablespoons (1/4 stick) butter; 4 1/2 cups chopped onions; 1 22- to 24-pound turkey; neck, gizzard, and heart reserved; 2 cups chopped peeled carrots; 2 cups chopped celery with leaves; 1 1/2 cups chopped plum tomatoes; 9 cups (about) canned low-salt chicken broth | INSTRUCTIONS: For glaze: Melt butter in heavy small saucepan over medium heat. Remove from heat. Stir in next 7 ingredients. Freeze until mixture begins to firm up but is still spreadable, about 30 minutes. Set aside 1/2 cup citrus glaze for gravy. Melt butter in heavy small saucepan over medium heat. Remove from heat. Stir in next 7 ingredients. Freeze until mixture begins to firm up but is still spreadable, about 30 minutes. Set aside 1/2 cup citrus glaze for gravy. For turkey: Melt butter in large nonstick skillet over medium-high heat. Add onions and reserved turkey parts and sauté until onions are very <END>
INPUT: chips, safflower oil, Russet potatoes, Kosher salt, flour, baking powder
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chips and Fish | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 gallon safflower oil; 4 large Russet potatoes; Kosher salt; 2 cups flour; 1 tablespoon baking powder; 1 teaspoon kosher salt; 1/4 teaspoon cayenne pepper; Dash Old Bay Seasoning; 1 bottle brown beer, cold; 1 1/2 pounds firm-fleshed whitefish (tilapia, pollock, cod), cut into 1-ounce strips; Cornstarch, for dredging | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Heat oven to 200 degrees F. Heat the safflower oil in a 5-quart Dutch oven over high heat until it reaches 320 degrees. Using a V-slicer with a wide blade, slice the potatoes with the skin on. Place in a large bowl with cold water. In a bowl, whisk together the flour, baking powder, salt, cayenne pepper, and Old Bay seasoning. Whisk in the beer until the batter is completely smooth and free of any lumps. Refrigerate for 15 minutes. Note: The batter can be made up to 1 hour ahead of time. Drain potatoes thoroughly, removing any excess water. When oil reaches 320 d <END>
INPUT: Mexican, beanless, canola oil, beef chuck roast, onions, chili powder, pepper flakes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Beanless Beef Chili | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons canola oil; One 2 1/2-pound beef chuck roast, cut into 1/2-inch cubes; 2 medium chopped yellow onions; 1 tablespoon chili powder; 1/2 teaspoon red pepper flakes; 1/2 teaspoon cinnamon; 1 small chopped jalapeno pepper; 1 tablespoon chopped garlic; One 28-ounce can chopped tomatoes; 1 cup beef broth; Kosher salt, to taste; Black pepper, to taste; 1/2 cup sour cream; 1 teaspoon chili powder; 1 teaspoon lime juice | INSTRUCTIONS: Put a deep heavy-bottomed pot over medium-high heat and add the oil. Put in the beef, season with salt and pepper, and cook until it is well browned, about 10-15 minutes. Remove the meat to a bowl with a slotted spoon and discard the fat from the pan. Pour half the broth into the pan and scrape up any browned bits. Pour this into the bowl of a slow cooker. Add the onions and put the meat on top. Add the chili seasoning, red pepper flakes, cinnamon, jalapeno, and garlic. Add the tomatoes with their juice and the remaining broth. Cover and cook on low for 4-6 hours. Taste, and adjust the seasoni <END>
INPUT: olive oil, honey, ginger, kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Steamed Kabocha Squash | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 (2- to 2 1/2-pound) kabocha squash; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1/4 cup honey; 1 tablespoon fresh ginger, finely grated; 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring 8-quart pot of water to boil. Add squash and boil, uncovered, 2 1/2 minutes. Using tongs, flip squash over, then boil 2 1/2 minutes more. Drain and let cool. When squash is cool enough to handle, cut off top and bottom and remove skin with paring knife. Cut squash in half crosswise, scoop out seeds, and cut flesh into 1-inch chunks. In medium bowl, stir together squash, olive oil, honey, ginger, and salt. Transfer to steamer set over boiling water and steam until tender, about 15 minutes. Spoon onto large plate and serve. Bring 8-quart pot of water to boil. Add squash and boil, uncovered <END>
INPUT: summer, ice cubes, beer, lemonade, vodka, lemon slice garnish
OUTPUT: TITLE: Summer Beer | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: ice cubes; 1 bottle beer (go with a nice American brew in this one, such as Miller High Life); 9 oz. fresh lemonade; 1-1/2 oz. vodka; lemon slice for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Add a good-sized handful of ice to a 24-ounce "big girl" beer glass. Add 8 ounces of the lemonade to the glass. Slowly, carefully, add the bottle of beer to the glass (go too fast and it's a mess). Add the vodka, then top it off with the last ounce of lemonade. Stir once, with a mighty long spoon. Squeeze the lemon slice over the top and drop it in. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, quesadilla, Cheddar Jack cheese, flour tortillas, salsa
OUTPUT: TITLE: Waffle Maker Quesadilla | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup grated Cheddar-Jack cheese; 2 flour tortillas (that will fit your waffle maker); 2 tablespoons salsa, such as Pace Picante Sauce; Nonstick cooking spray, for spraying the waffle maker | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: a waffle maker Preheat a waffle maker to the regular setting according to the manufacturer's instructions. Sprinkle the cheese on 1 tortilla, add the salsa and place the second tortilla on top. Spray the waffle maker with the cooking spray. Place the quesadilla on the waffle maker, close the lid and cook until the cheese melts, 2 to 3 minutes. Slice and serve. <END>
INPUT: American, unsalted butter, shallots, parsley, Worcestershire sauce, Dijon mustard
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Steak with Whiskey Butter | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 sticks unsalted butter, softened; 2 shallots minced, soaked in 1 shot of Jack Daniels or other whiskey or bourbon; 3 teaspoons minced parsley; 1/2 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce; 1/2 teaspoon Dijon mustard; 3 teaspoons Jack Daniels or other whiskey; 1/2 teaspoon sea salt; White pepper to taste; 4 cowboy steaks, bone-in rib eye steaks, or other favorite steak, about 1-inch thick; 1 teaspoon kosher salt; 1/4 teaspoon whole black peppercorns, coarsely ground; Olive oil; Chopped parsley, optional | INSTRUCTIONS: Grilling Method: Combo/Medium-High Grilling Method: Combo/Medium-High Make Whiskey Butter: Make Butter at least 3 hours in advance. Combine butter, shallots soaked in Jack Daniels (or other bourbon or whiskey), parsley, Worcestershire, mustard, whiskey, salt, and pepper. Mix well. On a piece of plastic wrap, drop butter in spoonfuls to form a log. Roll butter in plastic wrap and smooth out to form a round log. Refrigerate until hard and easy to slice into round, coin-shaped pieces. Make Butter at least 3 hours in advance. Combine butter, shallots soaked in Jack Daniels (or other bourbon or whi <END>
INPUT: cornbread, cornmeal, kosher salt, sugar, baking powder, baking soda
OUTPUT: TITLE: Creamed Corn Cornbread | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups yellow cornmeal; 1 teaspoon kosher salt; 1 tablespoon sugar; 2 teaspoons baking powder; 1/2 teaspoon baking soda; 1 cup buttermilk; 2 eggs; 1 cup creamed corn; 2 tablespoons canola oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat oven to 425 degrees. Place a 10-inch cast iron skillet into the oven. In a bowl, combine the cornmeal, salt, sugar, baking powder, and baking soda. Whisk together to combine well. In a large bowl, combine the buttermilk, eggs, and creamed corn, whisking together to combine thoroughly. Add the dry ingredients to the buttermilk mixture and stir to combine. If the batter will not pour, add more buttermilk to the batter. Swirl the canola oil in the hot cast iron skillet. Pour the batter into the skillet. Bake until the cornbread is golden brown and springs ba <END>
INPUT: juice, mango, pineapple chunks, chia seeds
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mango-Pineapple Juice | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 firm mango, peel and pit removed (about 2 cups chopped); 2 cups pineapple chunks; 2 large, juicy limes, peel and pith removed; 1 tablespoon chia seeds, optional | INSTRUCTIONS: Juice, in this order, the mango, pineapple and limes, following your juicer's specific settings for each. Stir in the chia seeds if using and let soak for 5 minutes. Serve the juice immediately over ice, if desired. <END>
INPUT: oatmeal, cookies, sugar, granulated sugar, eggs, vanilla
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate Chunk Oatmeal Coconut Cookies | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 sticks (1 cup) unsalted butter, softened; 1 cup packed brown sugar; 6 tablespoons granulated sugar; 2 large eggs; 1 1/2 teaspoons vanilla; 1/2 teaspoon baking soda; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1 cup all-purpose flour; 2 1/4 cups old-fashioned oats; 1 1/2 cups packaged finely shredded unsweetened coconut; 12 oz semisweet or bittersweet chocolate (not unsweetened), cut into 1/2-inch chunks (about 2 cups); 3/4 cup almonds with skins (4 oz), toasted, cooled, and chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 375°F. Beat together butter and sugars in a bowl with an electric mixer at high speed until fluffy. Add eggs and beat until just blended, then beat in vanilla, baking soda, and salt. Add flour and mix at low speed until just blended. Stir in oats, coconut, chocolate, and almonds. Arrange 1/4-cup mounds of cookie dough about 3 inches apart on 2 lightly buttered large baking sheets (about 8 cookies per sheet), then gently pat down each mound to about 1/2 inch thick. Bake in upper and lower thirds of oven, switching position and rotating pans halfway through baking, until golden,  <END>
INPUT: Asian, sauce, coconut milk, honey, miso, Vegetable oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: White Miso Marinated Halibut with Shiitake, Spinach, Sweet Potatoes, and Carrot Ginger Sauce | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 6 (6-ounce) Alaskan halibut fillets; 1 cup coconut milk; 1/2 cup honey; 1/2 pound white miso; Vegetable oil; 2 large sweet potatoes, parboiled, cooled and diced in small pieces; 1 pound shiitake mushrooms, cleaned and quartered; 2 pounds spinach, cleaned and stemmed; 3 ounces sweet black vinegar; 1 ounce sesame seed oil; 2 cups fresh carrot juice; 1 cup fresh apple juice; 1/2 cup fresh ginger juice; 2 ounces butter; 3 tablespoons chopped chives | INSTRUCTIONS: Halibut: Marinate the halibut overnight in a coconut milk, honey, white miso mixture. Remove the fish from the marinade and drain the excess marinade. Pour a little vegetable oil in a pan and sear the fillet until golden brown on each side. When ready, finish the fillet by placing it in a preheated 350 degree F oven and baking for 10 minutes. Vegetables: In a hot saute pan, coated with vegetable oil, saute the sweet potatoes until golden brown. Add the mushrooms and saute them for 2 minutes. Stir in the spinach. Combine the black vinegar and sesame seed oil in a small bowl. Add the sauce, to t <END>
INPUT: organic spinach, EVOO, veal turkey breast, Salt pepper, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Veal or Turkey and Spinach Manicotti | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 package organic chopped spinach; 2 tablespoons EVOO; 2 pounds ground veal or ground turkey breast; Salt and pepper; 1 medium onion, very finely chopped; 4 cloves garlic, minced or finely chopped; 1/2 cup dry white wine; 4 cups passata (Italian tomato puree in glass jars) or canned tomato puree; 4 tablespoons butter; 3 tablespoons flour; 2 cups milk; Nutmeg; 1 box manicotti pasta tubes; One 5-ounce container soft cheese with herbs, such as Boursin; 1 cup shredded Parmigiano-Reggiano | INSTRUCTIONS: Defrost the spinach in the microwave, wring dry and separate. Heat the EVOO in a pan over medium-high heat. Pat the meat dry, and then add to the pan and lightly brown while you crumble. Sprinkle with salt and pepper. Add the onions and garlic and cook 10 minutes more, stirring occasionally. Deglaze the pan with the wine, stir and add 2 cups tomato puree. Stir, reduce heat to a low simmer and simmer 15 to 20 minutes. Pour the remaining 2 cups tomato puree into a casserole. Melt the butter in saucepot over medium to medium-high heat. Whisk in the flour for 1 minute. Then add the milk, bring to  <END>
INPUT: Mexican, salsa, tomatillos, serrano chile, onion, garlic, water
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tomatillo Salsa | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound fresh tomatillos, husked, rinsed, and quartered; 1 fresh serrano chile, seeded and chopped; 1/2 large white onion, cut into 4 wedges; 2 garlic cloves, chopped; 1/2 cup water; 1/2 cup chopped cilantro; 1 tablespoon fresh lime juice | INSTRUCTIONS: Coarsely purée tomatillos, chile, onion, garlic, water, and 1 teaspoon salt in a blender. Transfer to a large heavy skillet and simmer, stirring occasionally, until slightly thickened, about 15 minutes. Transfer to a bowl and cool to room temperature, then stir in cilantro, lime juice, and salt to taste. Coarsely purée tomatillos, chile, onion, garlic, water, and 1 teaspoon salt in a blender. Transfer to a large heavy skillet and simmer, stirring occasionally, until slightly thickened, about 15 minutes. Transfer to a bowl and cool to room temperature, then stir in cilantro, lime juice, and sal <END>
INPUT: buttered, broccoli, unsalted butter, lemon juice taste, lemon zest sprinkling
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lemon-Buttered Broccoli Spears | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 pounds broccoli, trimmed and cut into spears, the stems reserved for another use; 3 tablespoons unsalted butter; fresh lemon juice to taste; freshly grated lemon zest for sprinkling the broccoli | INSTRUCTIONS: In a steamer set over boiling water steam the broccoli, covered, for 4 minutes, or until it is crisp-tender. In a skillet heat the butter over moderate heat until the foam subsides, in it toss the broccoli until it is coated well, and sprinkle the broccoli with the lemon juice, salt and pepper to taste, and zest. In a steamer set over boiling water steam the broccoli, covered, for 4 minutes, or until it is crisp-tender. In a skillet heat the butter over moderate heat until the foam subsides, in it toss the broccoli until it is coated well, and sprinkle the broccoli with the lemon juice, salt a <END>
INPUT: slice wheat toast, unsalted butter, egg, nonfat low fat, Salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Baked Egg on Toast | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 slice whole wheat toast or thin slice toasted bagel; 1/2 teaspoon unsalted butter, or 1 tablespoon low-fat cottage cheese; 1 large egg; 1 tablespoon nonfat or low-fat buttermilk, half-and-half or cream; Salt and pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat the oven to 325 degrees. If using toast, cut a hole in the center about the size of an egg yolk. Butter the bread slice and spread it with cottage cheese. Place it in a small baking dish. Break the egg over the hole in the bread slice. Spoon the buttermilk over the egg. Bake until the white is set and the yolk firm but not solid, about 8 minutes. Season with salt and pepper. <END>
INPUT: good Tuscan round, garlic, Good olive oil, prosciutto, smoked mozzarella
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Bread with Prosciutto | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 slices good Tuscan round bread, sliced 3/4 inch thick; 1 large garlic clove, cut in half; Good olive oil; 2 ounces thinly sliced prosciutto (torn in pieces, if desired); 2 ounces fresh smoked mozzarella, grated; 3 tablespoons minced fresh parsley; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Prepare a charcoal grill with medium-hot coals or turn a gas grill to medium-high heat. Grill the bread for 2 minutes, until golden on one side. Place the bread grilled side up on a platter and immediately rub the cut side of the garlic clove over the surface of the bread. For really garlicky fettunta, rub hard. Drizzle a tablespoon of olive oil over each slice of bread. Place the torn prosciutto over the grilled side of the bread and top with the grated mozzarella. Return the bread to the hot grill, cover the grill, and cook for 1 to 2 minutes-just long enough to melt the cheese and rewarm th <END>
INPUT: butter, garlic, shallot, all purpose flour, heavy whipping cream
OUTPUT: TITLE: Collard Green and Artichoke Dip | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 tablespoons butter; 2 cloves garlic, chopped; 1 shallot, chopped; 1/4 cup all-purpose flour; 1 pint heavy whipping cream; 2/3 cup freshly grated Parmesan; 1/2 cup shredded Cheddar; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/4 teaspoon pepper; 1/2 lemon, juiced; Dash hot sauce; Dash Worcestershire sauce; 2 (10-ounce) boxes collard greens, thawed and drained; 1 (14-ounce) jar artichoke hearts, drained and coarsely chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 425 degrees F. Melt butter in a 2-quart saucepan over medium heat. Add garlic and shallots and saute until tender, about 3 minutes. Stir in the flour and cook for 1 minute until it reaches a golden blonde color. Slowly whisk in the cream and turn up heat until it thickens. Add the Parmesan and Cheddar. Stir until the cheese has melted. Add salt, pepper, lemon juice, hot sauce and Worcestershire. Fold in the collard greens and artichoke hearts. Add mixture to a casserole dish. Bake for 15 minutes until golden brown. Serve this dip with baked pita chips. <END>
INPUT: fruit, unsalted butter, onions, apples, thyme, Kosher salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Multigrain Stuffing With Nuts and Dried Fruit | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 9 tablespoons unsalted butter, plus more for the baking dish; 2 medium onions, diced; 2 medium firm cooking apples (such as Cortland), chopped; 1 tablespoon minced fresh thyme; Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper; 1/2 cup slivered almonds; 1/2 cup walnuts, chopped; 1/4 cup sunflower seeds; 1/4 cup dried blueberries; 1/4 cup dried cranberries; 4 cups low-sodium vegetable broth; 2 large eggs; 1/4 cup chopped fresh parsley; 16 cups stale multigrain bread cubes | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F and butter a 3-quart baking dish. Melt 8 tablespoons butter in a large skillet over medium heat. Add the onions, apples and thyme, season with salt and pepper and cook, stirring, until the onions are soft, about 3 minutes. Add the almonds, walnuts, sunflower seeds, dried blueberries and dried cranberries. Add the broth and bring to a simmer. Whisk the eggs and parsley in a large bowl. Add the bread, then pour in the broth mixture and toss. Transfer the stuffing to the prepared baking dish and dot with the remaining 1 tablespoon butter. Cover with aluminum foil <END>
INPUT: American, pure maple syrup, light corn syrup, Wheat flavored Crust
OUTPUT: TITLE: Maple Pecan Pie in Wheat-Flavored Crust | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 cup pure maple syrup; 3/4 cup (packed) golden brown sugar; 1/2 cup light corn syrup; 1/4 cup (1/2 stick) unsalted butter; Wheat-flavored Crust; 3 large eggs; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 1 1/2 cups pecan halves | INSTRUCTIONS: Stir syrup, brown sugar, corn syrup and butter in medium saucepan over medium heat until sugar dissolves and butter melts. Increase heat and boil 1 minute. Cool to lukewarm, about 45 minutes. Position rack in bottom third of oven and preheat to 350°F. Roll out crust dough on lightly floured surface to 13-inch round. Transfer to 9-inch-diameter glass pie dish. Trim dough overhang to 1 inch. Fold edge under, forming high-standing rim; crimp decoratively. Freeze crust until firm, about 20 minutes. Whisk eggs, vanilla and salt in 4-cup measuring cup to blend. Gradually whisk maple syrup mixture in <END>
INPUT: Italian, linguine, garlic, olive oil, hot pepper flakes, wine
OUTPUT: TITLE: Linguine with Parsley and Garlic | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound linguine; 5 large garlic cloves, sliced thin; 1/4 cup olive oil; 3/4 teaspoon dried hot red pepper flakes; 1 cup dry white wine; 1 teaspoon salt, or to taste; 1 1/2 cups washed, spun dry, and finely chopped fresh flat-leafed parsley leaves; Accompaniment: freshly grated Parmesan | INSTRUCTIONS: In a 6-quart kettle bring 5 quarts salted water to a boil for linguine. In a 12-inch heavy skillet cook garlic in 3 tablespoons oil over moderate heat, stirring, until pale golden and transfer with a slotted spoon to a small bowl. To skillet add red pepper flakes, wine, and salt and boil until reduced to about 1/4 cup. Keep wine mixture warm. Boil linguine until al dente. Reserve 11/2 cups pasta water and drain linguine. Stir 1 cup reserved pasta water and parsley into wine mixture and add linguine, garlic, and remaining tablespoon oil. Toss pasta over moderate heat until combined well, about  <END>
INPUT: American, Kosher salt, broccoli, campanelle short pasta, eggs, evaporated milk
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mac and Cheese with Broccoli and Tomatoes | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: Kosher salt; 1 head broccoli, cut into small florets (about 4 cups); 8 ounces campanelle or short pasta; 2 large eggs; 1 12-ounce can evaporated milk; 2 cups shredded Mexican cheese blend (about 8 ounces); 3/4 cup grated parmesan cheese (about 1 1/2 ounces); 2 teaspoons dijon mustard; Pinch of freshly grated nutmeg; Freshly ground pepper; 1/2 cup grape tomatoes, halved; 1/4 cup panko breadcrumbs; 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, melted | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add the broccoli and cook until bright green and crisp-tender, 3 to 4 minutes. Remove to a plate with a slotted spoon; let cool. Return the water to a boil. Add the pasta and cook as the label directs. Reserve 1 cup cooking water, then drain. Whisk the eggs, evaporated milk, the reserved cooking water, the Mexican cheese, 1/2 cup parmesan, the mustard, nutmeg, 1/2 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of pepper in a large saucepan. Cook over medium-low heat, whisking constantly, until the mixture starts to thicken and bubble, 6 to 8 minutes. Stir in the pa <END>
INPUT: Mexican, sunrise, Ice, tequila, orange juice, homemade pomegranate syrup, pomegranate juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tequila Sunrise | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: Ice; 1 1/2 ounces tequila; Freshly squeezed orange juice; 1/2 ounce homemade pomegranate syrup, recipe follows; 4 cups pomegranate juice; 1/2 cup sugar; 1 tablespoon freshly squeezed lemon juice | INSTRUCTIONS: Fill a Collins or highball glass with ice. Add the tequila. Add enough orange juice to come almost to the top of the glass; the amount will vary depending on the size of the glass. Gently pour the pomegranate syrup into the glass and serve. Do not stir. For Syrup: Place the pomegranate juice, sugar and lemon juice in a 4-quart saucepan set over medium heat. Cook, stirring occasionally, until the sugar has completely dissolved. Once the sugar has dissolved, reduce the heat to medium-low and cook until the mixture has reduced to 1 1/2 cups, approximately 50 minutes. It should be the consistency  <END>
INPUT: Asian, served, reduction, ginger, garlic, scallions, Salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sake-Marinated Salmon Served over Shrimp Fried Rice in a Spicy Pineapple Reduction | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1 (10-ounce) salmon fillet; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh ginger; 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped; 1 tablespoon finely chopped scallions; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; Medium to dry sake; 1 whole ripe pineapple; 1 teaspoon unsalted butter; 1 tablespoons crushed red pepper, plus 1 tablespoon; Shrimp fried rice, recipe follows; 2 tablespoons sesame oil; 2 tablespoons chopped ginger; 1 clove garlic, finely chopped; 12 medium size shrimp; 1 large egg, scrambled | INSTRUCTIONS: To marinate the salmon, place the salmon in a deep bowl and add the ginger, garlic, scallions, salt, and pepper. Cover with sake and let stand for 1 hour in the refrigerator. Split pineapple in 1/2 lengthwise. Cut out the woody central core from one half, then cut out and dice the sweet flesh. Set aside. To prepare the pineapple reduction: Melt butter in small saute pan until bubbling. Add 1 tablespoon red pepper flakes, pineapple dice, and 2 tablespoons of the sake marinade. Cook down until all liquid has evaporated. Turn on grill to medium, when hot, place the salmon on the grill and cook ab <END>
INPUT: Indian, salad, water, lentils, lemon juice, olive oil, chicken breast halves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken Salad with Lentils, Peas and Mint | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 3 cups water; 2/3 cup dried lentils; 3 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 3 tablespoons plus 1 teaspoon olive oil; 2 large skinless boneless chicken breast halves; 2 teaspoons (generous) curry powder; 2/3 cup canned low-salt chicken broth; 1 cup cauliflower florets; 3/4 cup fresh or frozen peas; 2 small tomatoes, seeded, diced; 1 1/4 cups diced English hothouse cucumber; 2 green onions, sliced; 3 tablespoons sour cream; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh mint; 2 large bunches watercress, trimmed | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring 3 cups water and lentils to boil in heavy medium saucepan. Reduce heat to medium-low, cover and simmer until lentils are tender, but still retain shape, about 20 minutes. Drain well. Transfer lentils to large bowl. Mix in 1 tablespoon lemon juice and 1 tablespoon oil. Cover and refrigerate. Rub chicken breasts on both sides with curry powder. Season with salt and pepper. Heat 1 teaspoon olive oil in heavy large skillet over medium-high heat. Add chicken breasts to skillet and cook until golden brown and cooked through, about 5 minutes per side. Transfer chicken to plate and refrigerate u <END>
INPUT: kahlua, pudding, pecan halves, sugar, flour, cinnamon, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Kahlua Chocolate Bread Pudding | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup pecan halves, toasted and coarsely chopped; 1/4 cup brown sugar, firmly packed; 1/4 cup flour; 1 teaspoon cinnamon; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 1 1/2 ounces unsalted butter, cut into tiny bits; 4 ounces unsweetened chocolate; 3/4 cup brown sugar, firmly packed; 1 1/2 cups cream; 6 eggs; 2 egg yolks; 3/4 cup sugar; 1 teaspoon vanilla; 3/4 loaf stale French bread, cut into 1 inch cubes; 1/3 cup unsalted butter, cut into 6 pieces | INSTRUCTIONS: In a medium bowl, combine all the ingredients for the pecan streusel and toss together with your fingertips until crumbly and evenly blended. Refrigerate until needed. Butter an 8 x 13inch glass loaf pan and dredge it with sugar. In the top of a double boiler, melt chocolate over simmering water. Add the brown sugar and cream, whisk until smooth and remove from heat. Cool for 10 minutes. Preheat the oven to 325 degrees. In a very large bowl, whisk together thoroughly the eggs, egg yolks, sugar, and vanilla. Stir 1/4 cup of this custard mixture into the chocolate to temper it, then add all of t <END>
INPUT: marshmallows, Butter, Powdered sugar, water, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Homemade Orange Marshmallows | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Butter, for greasing the pan; Powdered sugar, for dusting; 1/2 cup water, plus 1/4 cup; 3 tablespoons (3 packets) unflavored gelatin; 2 cups sugar; 1/2 cup evaporated milk; 1 large orange, zested; 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract; Orange decorating sugar*; Special equipment: a candy thermometer | INSTRUCTIONS: Butter the bottom and sides of an 8 by 8-inch straight-sided baking pan. Dust liberally with sifted powdered sugar and set aside. Pour 1/2 cup water into the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the whisk attachment. Sprinkle the gelatin over the water and allow to soften, about 10 minutes. In a 3-quart saucepan, combine the sugar, evaporated milk and 1/4 cup water. Stir over low heat until the sugar has dissolved. Bring the mixture to a simmer and cook, without stirring, until a candy thermometer registers 240 degrees F, about 10 to 12 minutes. Pour the syrup over the gelatin mixture. Beat the m <END>
INPUT: salad, tiny, basket cherry, shallot, Salt pepper, virgin olive oil, marjoram torn basil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tomato Salad of Tiny Tomatoes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pint basket of small tomatoes: cherry, red or golden currant tomatoes, yellow pear; 1 shallot, finely diced; Salt and freshly ground pepper, to taste; 1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil; 2 teaspoons chopped marjoram or torn basil leaves; Few drops balsamic vinegar, to taste | INSTRUCTIONS: Rinse the tomatoes, remove the stems, and cut them into halves or quarters. Leave tiny currant tomatoes whole. Put in a bowl with the shallot, season with a pinch of salt and freshly ground pepper, then toss with the olive oil and marjoram. Taste the salad and add a little balsamic vinegar if needed or desired. <END>
INPUT: creme, caramels, granulated sugar, goat's milk, superfine sugar, egg yolks
OUTPUT: TITLE: Goat's Milk Creme Caramels | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Nonstick cooking spray; 1/3 cup granulated sugar; 2 cups goat's milk; 1/2 cup plus 1 tablespoon superfine sugar; 3 egg yolks, beaten; 2 whole eggs, beaten; 1/4 teaspoon vanilla extract | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook's Note: Goat's milk can be found at your local health food store or online. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Lightly grease four 6-ounce ramekins with nonstick cooking spray. Set a small saucepan over high heat and add the granulated sugar to make caramel. Without stirring, let the sugar melt. As it melts, gently swirl the pan around to melt all the sugar evenly. When it turns dark amber, carefully divide evenly among the ramekins (take care as the caramel is extremely hot). Combine the milk and superfine sugar in a saucepan and bring to a gentle simmer. Add the egg yolks, whole eggs an <END>
INPUT: unsalted butter, onion, mushrooms, sour cream
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sauteed Pork Chops with Mushrooms, Dill, and Sour Cream | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 (1/4- to 1/3-inch-thick) boneless pork chops (2/3 lb total); 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1 small onion, halved lengthwise and thinly sliced lengthwise; 1/4 pound mushrooms, cut into 1/4-inch-thick slices; 1/3 cup sour cream; 1/4 cup water; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh dill | INSTRUCTIONS: Pat pork dry and season with salt and pepper. Heat 1 tablespoon butter in a 10-inch heavy skillet over high heat until foam subsides, then sauté chops until browned and just cooked through, about 1 1/2 minutes on each side. Transfer chops to a platter and keep warm, covered. Reduce heat to moderate and add remaining tablespoon butter to skillet. When foam subsides, cook onion and mushrooms, stirring, until tender, about 6 minutes. Reduce heat to low and stir in sour cream, water, any meat juices that have accumulated on platter, dill, and salt and pepper to taste and cook, stirring, until heat <END>
INPUT: American, vegetable, unsalted butter, onions, fennel bulb, all purpose flour, good chicken stock
OUTPUT: TITLE: Vegetable Pot Pie | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 12 tablespoons unsalted butter (1 1/2 sticks); 2 cups sliced yellow onions (2 onions); 1 fennel bulb, top and core removed, thinly sliced crosswise; 1/2 cup all-purpose flour; 2 1/2 cups good chicken stock; 1 tablespoon Pernod; Pinch saffron threads; 1 1/2 teaspoons kosher salt; 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 3 tablespoons heavy cream; 1 1/2 cups large-diced potatoes (1/2 pound); 1 1/2 cups asparagus tips; 1 1/2 cups peeled, 3/4-inch-diced carrots (4 carrots); 1 1/2 cups peeled, 3/4-inch-diced butternut squash; 1 1/2 cups frozen small whole onions (1/2 pound) | INSTRUCTIONS: Melt the butter in a large pot over medium heat. Add the onions and fennel and saute until translucent, 10 to 15 minutes. Add the flour, reduce the heat to low, and cook for 3 more minutes, stirring occasionally. Slowly add the stock, Pernod, saffron, salt, and pepper, and bring to a boil. Simmer for 5 more minutes, stirring occasionally. Add the heavy cream and season to taste. The sauce should be highly seasoned. Cook the potatoes in boiling salted water for 10 minutes. Lift out with a sieve. Add the asparagus, carrots, and squash to the pot and cook in the boiling water for 5 minutes. Drain <END>
INPUT: ragout, porcini mushrooms, unsalted butter, assorted mushrooms, Salt pepper, shallots
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mushroom Ragout | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup dried porcini mushrooms (1/2 ounces); 4 tablespoons unsalted butter; 3/4 pound assorted mushrooms (such as crimini, shiitake or oyster), stems trimmed and thickly sliced; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 tablespoon finely chopped shallots; 1 garlic clove, minced; 1/2 cup finely-chopped parsley | INSTRUCTIONS: In a small bowl, soak the porcini mushrooms in 1 1/2 cups hot water until softened, 15 minutes. In a large skillet, melt 1 tablespoon of the butter over medium-high heat. Add one-third of the assorted mushrooms, season with salt and pepper and cook, stirring occasionally, 4 minutes, or until lightly browned. Remove mushrooms to a plate and repeat twice with remaining mushrooms. Return all cooked mushrooms to skillet. Drain porcini mushrooms, reserving liquid, and coarsely chop. Add porcini, shallot and garlic to mushrooms and cook over moderate heat, stirring, 3 minutes. Strain porcini liquid  <END>
INPUT: minted, soup, honey dew cantaloupe, orange juice, salt, wine, honey
OUTPUT: TITLE: Minted Melon Soup with Raspberries | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 honey dew or cantaloupe melon; 1 cup orange juice; Pinch salt; 1/2 cup white wine, such as Chablis; 2 tablespoons honey (optional); 10 mint leaves, cut into chiffonade; 1/2 pint raspberries, gently washed; Mint sprigs, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Cut off the ends of the melon to stabilize it on the cutting board, then remove the rind. Cut the melon in half and remove the seeds. Cut half the melon into large chunks and place then in a blender with the orange juice, salt and wine. Add the honey if the melon is less sweet than you prefer. Blend until smooth, pour the mixture into a bowl, and stir in the chiffonaded mint; chill thoroughly in refrigerator. Dice the remaining melon and add it to the soup. To serve, ladle the soup into chilled bowls and top with the raspberries and mint sprigs. <END>
INPUT: Cornish game hen, Salt, pepper, rosemary, fig preserves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cornish Hen in Port Wine and Fig Preserves | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 Cornish game hen; Salt; Freshly ground black pepper; 2 sprigs fresh rosemary; 1/4 cup fig preserves; 1/4 cup port wine | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. Coat the inside of a 3 1/2-quart slow cooker with cooking spray, if desired. 2. Sprinkle the hen liberally with salt and pepper. Insert rosemary into cavity. Transfer hen to the slow cooker. 3. Stir together the fig preserves and port wine in a small bowl and pour over hen. 4. Cover and cook on High for 5 hours. 5. Taste, and season again with salt and pepper. Serve sauce over hen. 1. Coat the inside of a 3 1/2-quart slow cooker with cooking spray, if desired. 2. Sprinkle the hen liberally with salt and pepper. Insert rosemary into cavity. Transfer hen to the slow cooker. 3. Stir together t <END>
INPUT: rubbed, fennel seeds, Pimentón de la, coarse kosher salt, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fennel- and Dill-Rubbed Grilled Salmon | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon fennel seeds; 1/4 cup plus 2 teaspoons (packed) golden brown sugar; 3 tablespoons Pimentón de la Vera (Spanish smoked paprika); 1 tablespoon coarse kosher salt; 2 teaspoons freshly ground black pepper; 2 teaspoons dried dill weed; Nonstick vegetable oil spray; 1 3 3/4- to 4-pound side of salmon with skin (preferably wild salmon); Olive oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Finely grind fennel seeds in spice mill or coffee grinder. Transfer to small bowl. Mix in next 5 ingredients. Spray grill rack with nonstick spray. Prepare barbecue (medium-high heat). Brush salmon lightly on both sides with olive oil. Rub spice mixture generously over flesh side of salmon. Place salmon, skin side up, on grill rack; cover and cook until fish is slightly firmer, about 8 minutes. Slide rimless baking sheet under salmon to turn salmon over without breaking. Place another rimless baking sheet atop salmon. Using both hands, firmly hold baking sheets together and invert salmon; slid <END>
INPUT: Indian, curried, vegetable oil, lamb shoulder, onion, garlic, curry powder
OUTPUT: TITLE: Curried Lamb | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 4 tablespoons vegetable oil; 2 1/2 pounds boneless lamb shoulder, cut into 1 1/2-inch pieces and patted dry; 1 large onion, minced; 3 garlic cloves, minced, or to taste; 1 tablespoon curry powder, or to taste; 1 teaspoon ground coriander; 1 teaspoon ground cumin; 1/2 teaspoon ground ginger; 1/4 teaspoon cayenne, or to taste; 3 tablespoons all-purpose flour; 1-pound can tomatoes, chopped, including the liquid; 1 1/2 cups beef broth; 1/2 cup golden raisins; Juice and grated zest of 1 small lemon; 1 Granny Smith apple, peeled, cored, and cubed | INSTRUCTIONS: In a heavy kettle heat 2 tablespoons of the oil over moderately high heat, add the meat in batches and salt and pepper to taste, and saute the meat until it is browned on all sides. Transfer the meat to a plate. To the pan add the remaining oil and the onion and cook the onion, stirring occasionally, over moderate heat for 5 minutes. Add the garlic, curry powder, coriander, cumin, ginger, and cayenne and cook the mixture over moderately low heat, stirring, for 1 minute. Add the flour and cook the mixture, stirring, for 2 minutes. Return the lamb to the pan, add the tomatoes and their liquid, b <END>
INPUT: adobo, chicken drumsticks, garlic, vegetable oil, cider vinegar, soy sauce
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken Adobo | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 8 chicken drumsticks (or 4 drumsticks and 4 thighs; about 2 1/2 pounds total); 4 garlic cloves; 1 tablespoon vegetable oil; 1/2 cup cider vinegar; 1/4 cup soy sauce (preferably Kikkoman); 1 teaspoon black peppercorns; 1 Turkish bay leaf or 1/2 California bay leaf; Accompaniment: cooked rice | INSTRUCTIONS: Pat chicken dry. Coarsely chop garlic. In a 12-inch nonstick skillet heat oil over moderately high heat until hot but not smoking and brown chicken in 2 batches, about 8 minutes for each batch. With tongs transfer chicken as browned to a plate. Pour off all but 1 tablespoon fat from skillet and in remaining fat cook garlic over moderately low heat, stirring, until golden. Add vinegar, soy sauce, peppercorns, bay leaf, and chicken, with any juices that have accumulated on plate, and simmer, covered, 15 minutes. Remove lid and cook mixture over moderately low heat, turning chicken occasionally,  <END>
INPUT: Italian, three, Salt, spaghetti, virgin olive oil, fennel seeds, bell pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Three-Pepper and Onion Spaghetti | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: Salt; 1 pound spaghetti; 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1 1/2 teaspoons fennel seeds, 1/2 palmful; 1 large red bell pepper, quartered lengthwise, seeded, and thinly sliced; 2 Cubanelle peppers, halved lengthwise, seeded, and thinly sliced; 1 red chile pepper, seeded and thinly sliced, or 1 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes; 1 large onion or red onion, quartered lengthwise and thinly sliced; 3 to 4 garlic cloves, chopped; Freshly ground black pepper; 1/2 cup dry white wine; 1/2 cup chicken or vegetable stock; 1 (28-ounce) can crushed Italian tomatoes; 2 tablespoons butter, cut into small pieces; Grated Parmigiano-Reggiano | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring a large pot of water to a boil over medium heat. Salt the water, add the pasta and cook to al dente. Heat the extra-virgin olive oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Add the fennel seeds and stir for 1 minute, then add all the peppers and the onions. Saute for 8 to 10 minutes, then add the garlic and season with salt and pepper, to taste. When the peppers and onions are tender, add the wine and stir for 30 seconds, then add the stock and tomatoes. Reduce the sauce for 7 to 8 minutes. Drain the pasta, drop it into the skillet, and toss it with the butter and the sauce. Transfer t <END>
INPUT: American, crackers, all purpose flour, wheat flour, rolled oats, light sugar, fine salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Peanut Butter Crackers With Glazed Grapes | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup all-purpose flour, plus more for dusting; 1/4 cup whole-wheat flour; 3 tablespoons rolled oats; 1 tablespoon packed light brown sugar; 1/2 teaspoon fine salt; 3 tablespoons cold unsalted butter, cut into small pieces; 2 tablespoons finely chopped salted roasted peanuts; 1/4 cup peanut butter (creamy or crunchy); 2 tablespoons milk; 3 tablespoons granulated sugar; 1/2 cup dry red wine; 1 small sprig thyme; 15 large seedless red grapes, halved; Pinch of kosher salt; 1/3 pound brie, camembert or other soft cheese, at room temperature | INSTRUCTIONS: Pulse both flours, the oats, brown sugar and fine salt in a food processor until combined. Add the butter and pulse until the mixture looks like wet sand. Add the peanuts, peanut butter and milk and pulse until the mixture clumps together. Turn the dough out onto a lightly floured surface, form into a ball and knead 4 or 5 times. Roll into a 12-inch-long log, about 1 inch in diameter. Wrap in plastic wrap and refrigerate until firm, about 2 hours. Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F and line 2 baking sheets with parchment paper. Slice the dough into 1/4 -inch-thick rounds and arrange 1 inch apar <END>
INPUT: crust, flour, salt, sugar, ice water
OUTPUT: TITLE: Butter Crust | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 1/2 cups flour; 1 teaspoon salt; 1 teaspoon sugar; 1 cup (2 sticks) very cold butter, cubed or cut into small pieces; 6 to 8 tablespoons ice cold water; Optional: Egg wash (1 egg whisked with 1 tablespoon water or milk) | INSTRUCTIONS: 1 In a large bowl or mixer, combine the flour, salt, and sugar. Add the butter pieces and cut them into the flour mixture, working until you have big crumbs (see Tip). Add ice cold water, 1 tablespoon at a time, and mix in until the dough holds together. 2 Divide the dough into 2 mounds. Wrap each mound in plastic wrap and refrigerate for 45 minutes to overnight. Let the dough stand for at least 15 minutes before rolling it out. 3 Roll out the dough on a lightly floured surface or between 2 pieces of parchment or wax paper, then place the rolled-out dough in the pie pan and press into place. 4 <END>
INPUT: apricot jam, olive oil, country Dijon mustard, honey, low sodium soy
OUTPUT: TITLE: Baked Apricot Rosemary Chicken | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 10 ounces apricot jam; 1/4 cup olive oil; 2 1/2 tablespoons country Dijon mustard; 2 tablespoons honey; 1 tablespoon low-sodium soy sauce; 2 teaspoons freshly grated orange zest (from about 2 oranges), plus orange wedges, for garnish, optional; 3 to 4 garlic cloves, crushed; 3 to 4 branches fresh rosemary, leaves stripped and chopped; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 4 boneless, skinless chicken breasts | INSTRUCTIONS: In a medium saucepan over medium-low heat, heat the jam until melted, about 2 minutes. Transfer the jam to a large baking dish. Add the olive oil, mustard, honey, soy sauce, orange zest, crushed garlic, rosemary, 3/4 teaspoon salt and some pepper and mix until combined. Season the chicken with additional salt and pepper and add to the marinade. Gently flip until mixed and coated. Marinate in the refrigerator for at least 20 minutes or overnight. Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Bake until the chicken is cooked through and the juices run clear, about 30 minutes. Garnish with orange wedges if  <END>
INPUT: celery root, boiling potatoes, heavy cream, truffle butter, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Celery-Root Purée with Truffle Butter | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 lb celery root (sometimes called celeriac; 2 large), peeled with a knife and cut into 1/2-inch pieces (8 cups); 1 3/4 lb boiling potatoes (3 large), peeled and cut into 1/2-inch pieces; 1 cup heavy cream; 4 oz black truffle butter* or 1 stick (1/2 cup) unsalted butter; 1 teaspoon salt; 1/4 teaspoon black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Cover celery root and potatoes with cold salted water by 2 inches in a 4- to 6-quart heavy pot, then simmer, covered, until celery root is very tender, about 15 minutes. While vegetables are simmering, bring cream, truffle butter, salt, and pepper just to a simmer, stirring until butter is melted. Drain vegetables in a colander and transfer to a food processor. Add hot cream mixture in a steady stream, pulsing until smooth. (Alternatively, mash vegetables with hot cream mixture using a potato masher.) Cover celery root and potatoes with cold salted water by 2 inches in a 4- to 6-quart heavy po <END>
INPUT: remoulade, vegetable oil, eggs, milk, hot sauce, all purpose flour
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fried Green Tomatoes with Shrimp and Remoulade Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 cups vegetable oil; 2 large eggs; 1 cup whole milk; 1 1/4 cups hot sauce, such as Louie's All Spiced Up Sauce; 1 cup all-purpose flour; 2 cups Italian breadcrumbs; 1 tablespoon dry Italian dressing mix; 2 green tomatoes, sliced 1/4 inch thick; 2 tablespoons dry crab boil seasoning, such as Zatarain's; 1 onion, sliced; 1 lemon, sliced; 1/4 cup hot sauce, such as Louie's All Spiced Up Sauce; 8 large shrimp, shells on; 1/2 cup mayonnaise (preferably Blue Plate); 1 1/2 tablespoons Creole mustard, such as Zatarain's | INSTRUCTIONS: For the tomatoes: Heat the oil in a deep frying pan or cast iron skillet to 350 degrees F. Beat the eggs, milk, and hot sauce in a shallow dish. Put the flour and breadcrumbs in 2 separate shallow dishes. Dip the tomato slices in the flour, then the egg wash, and then the breadcrumbs. Transfer to the oil and fry until golden brown, 1 to 2 minutes. Drain on paper towels and keep warm until ready to serve. For the shrimp: Bring the water to a boil and add the crab boil, onions, lemons, and hot sauce. Stir and add the shrimp. Boil until the shrimp turn pink. Peel. For the sauce: Combine the mayon <END>
INPUT: Mexican, veracruza, fish stock clam, golden raisins, olive oil, onion, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Octopus Veracruza | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 3 1/2 cups fish stock or clam juice; 1/2 cup golden or red raisins; 3/4 cup olive oil; 1 medium white onion, thinly sliced; 3 garlic cloves, chopped; 3 Italian Roma tomatoes, peeled, seeded and julienned; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 medium red bell peppers, seeded and julienned; 2 medium yellow bell peppers, seeded and julienned; 2 medium poblano chiles, stemmed, seeded, julienned and cut into bite-sized pieces; 2 1/2 pounds octopus, blanched, cleaned and cut into bite-sized pieces; 1 bunch of cilantro, chopped; Juice of 2 limes | INSTRUCTIONS: In small saucepan combine fish stock and raisins. Bring to a boil, reduce to a simmer and cook, uncovered, until the raisins are plump and light gold in color, about 20-25 minutes. Transfer to a medium bowl and set aside. In a large skillet heat 2 tablespoons of the olive oil over high heat. Saute the onion 3 to 5 minutes until translucent and limp. Add garlic and saute about 30 seconds. Stir in tomatoes with 1 teaspoon salt and 3/4 teaspoon pepper and cook 2 to 3 minutes. Remove from pan and set aside. In same skillet saute peppers in four batches, adding 2 tablespoons of oil for each batch.  <END>
INPUT: asparagus spears, olive oil, Oyster mushrooms, garlic, parsley
OUTPUT: TITLE: Baby Greens with Almond Vinaigrette | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 18 asparagus spears (about 1 pound) hard ends trimmed; 1 tablespoon olive oil; 1/2 pound Oyster or white mushrooms, stems and caps finely sliced; 1 garlic clove, minced; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley; Juice of 1 lemon; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 1 pound (6 cups loosely packed), baby greens, such as oak leaf, mache and watercress; Almond Vinaigrette, recipe follows; 1/2 cup slivered blanched almonds; 1/4 cup olive oil; 2 tablespoons freshly squeezed lime juice; 2 tablespoons water; 1/2 teaspoon salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Blanch the asparagus in a large saucepan of boiling salted water until bright green, about 1 to 2 minutes. Immediately transfer to a bowl of iced water. Drain and cut on the diagonal into 2-inch long pieces. Set aside. Heat the olive oil in a medium skillet over medium heat until smoking. Saute the mushrooms just to soften, about 1 minute. Add the garlic and saute briefly until the aroma is released. Remove from the heat. Stir in the parsley, lemon juice, salt and pepper and set aside to cool. In a large mixing bowl, lightly toss the baby greens with about half of the almond vinaigrette. Divid <END>
INPUT: pudding, corn kernels, granulated sugar, coarse salt, scallions, bell peppers
OUTPUT: TITLE: Corn Pudding | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 36 ounces frozen corn kernels, thawed and drained, room temperature (6 cups); 1/4 cup granulated sugar; 1 1/2 teaspoons coarse salt; 6 scallions, thinly sliced; 2 small or 1 large red bell peppers, diced; 1/4 cup all-purpose flour; 9 ounces grated Monterey Jack (3 cups); 8 large eggs, room temperature; 1 cup heavy cream; 6 tablespoons unsalted butter | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: 12x 10 baking dish Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Puree 4 cups of the corn in a food processor or with an immersion blender. Transfer to a large bowl and stir in the remaining 2 cups corn and the sugar, salt, scallions, red peppers, flour and 2 cups of the Monterey Jack. In a separate bowl, whisk together the eggs and cream until just combined; stir into the corn mixture. Put the butter in a 10-by-12-inch baking dish and place in the oven until melted, about 10 minutes. Pour the batter into the hot baking dish and sprinkle the top with the remaining 1 cup Monterey Jack.  <END>
INPUT: butter, leek, carrots, apple juice, honey
OUTPUT: TITLE: Honey-Glazed Carrots | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 tbsp butter; 1 leek, white part only, halved, slice and washed thoroughly; 1 pound carrots, sliced; 1 cup apple juice; 1/4 cup honey; 1 cinnamon stick; 2 tsp chopped fresh mint; 1 tsp ground cumin; 1/4 tsp salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Melt butter in a medium-sized saucepan over medium-high heat. Add leek and cook 2 minutes or until lightly browned. Reduce heat to medium. Add carrots and cook 2 minutes or until lightly browned. Add remaining ingredients. Bring to a boil. Reduce heat to low, cover and simmer 15 minutes or until carrots are soft. Discard cinnamon stick before serving. Melt butter in a medium-sized saucepan over medium-high heat. Add leek and cook 2 minutes or until lightly browned. Reduce heat to medium. Add carrots and cook 2 minutes or until lightly browned. Add remaining ingredients. Bring to a boil. Reduce <END>
INPUT: agrodolce, acorn squash, virgin olive oil, Kosher salt pepper, wine vinegar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Acorn Squash Agrodolce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Nonstick cooking spray, for greasing the baking sheet; 2 acorn squash; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1/2 cup red wine vinegar; 1/4 cup dried currants; 1/4 cup honey; Pinch crushed red pepper; 1/4 cup chopped fresh mint; 2 tablespoons salted almonds | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Grease a baking sheet with cooking spray. Cut the acorn squash in half; scoop out the seeds and discard. Slice the squash into 1- inch slices. Toss with the olive oil and season with salt and pepper. Place on the prepared baking sheet and roast until tender and golden brown, about 30 minutes. Remove the peel and dice the squash. In the meantime, make the agrodolce. In a small saucepan, combine the red wine vinegar, currants and honey. Bring to a simmer, then reduce the heat to low. Cook until reduced and syrupy, about 15 minutes. Stir in a pinch of crushed re <END>
INPUT: atlantic, loaves old fashioned, onions, mushrooms, celery
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mid-Atlantic Mushroom and Chestnut Stuffing | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 1-pound loaves old-fashioned white bread, cut into 1/2-inch cubes (about 16 cups); 1/2 cup (1 stick) butter; 3 large onions, chopped; 1 pound mushrooms, sliced; 5 celery stalks, chopped; 1 1/2 pounds fresh chestnuts, roasted, shelled, chopped (about 3 cups) or 3 cups steamed chestnuts in jar, very coarsely chopped (about 15 ounces); 1/4 cup chopped fresh thyme or 2 teaspoons dried; 3 tablespoons chopped fresh rosemary or 2 teaspoons dried; 1/2 teaspoon ground nutmeg; 1 1/2 cups (about) canned low-salt chicken broth | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 400°F. Divide bread between 2 large baking sheets. Bake until golden, stirring occasionally, about 25 minutes. Transfer to large bowl. Melt butter in heavy large skillet over high heat. Add onions and cook until golden brown, stirring occasionally, about 20 minutes. Reduce heat to medium. Add mushrooms; stir until mushrooms begin to soften and release juices, about 5 minutes. Add celery and stir 2 minutes. Mix contents of skillet into bread cubes. Mix in chestnuts, thyme, rosemary and nutmeg. Season to taste with salt and pepper. (Can be prepared one day ahead. Cover and refrig <END>
INPUT: American, muffaletta, butter, beef, Kosher salt pepper, olive salad, provolone
OUTPUT: TITLE: Muffaletta Burger | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup butter, melted; 2 pounds ground beef; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 1/2 cups olive salad, recipe follows; 12 slices provolone; 3/4 cup aioli (garlic mayonnaise); 6 hamburger buns; 1 (13.4-ounce) bottle roasted red peppers, drained and coarsely chopped; 1 (13.7-ounce) can quartered artichoke hearts, drained and coarsely chopped; 1 cup green olives, without pimientos, coarsely chopped; 1 cup kalamata olives, pitted and coarsely chopped; 1/4 cup chopped yellow onion; 2 tablespoons capers; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh parsley leaves; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh basil leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat grill to medium-high heat. Brush grill with melted butter. Season ground beef with salt, pepper and other favorite seasonings. Form into 6 patties and grill, brushing with melted butter several times as burgers cook. Grill, turning once, to desired doneness, about 5 minutes per side for medium. On bottom half of each roll, place 1/4 cup olive salad, followed by 2 slices provolone. Top with burgers. Spread 2 tablespoons aioli on each top bun half, and then place over burgers. Serve at once with your favorite frosty cold beverage. Combine all ingredients in a large bowl. Refrigerate unti <END>
INPUT: root, vegetables, turnip, beets greens attached, shrimp, papaya, unsalted butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Papaya Shrimp with Sauteed Beet Greens and Boiled Root Vegetables | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 large turnip; 3 beets with greens attached; 6 medium shrimp, peeled and deveined; 1 small papaya; 4 tablespoons unsalted butter; 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1 tablespoon chopped garlic; Kosher salt; Freshly ground black pepper; 1 Roma tomato, sliced | INSTRUCTIONS: Wash and peel the turnip. Put it into a medium pot, cover it with water, and add a pinch of salt. Bring it to a boil and cook until tender, about 15 to 20 minutes; set aside. While the turnip is cooking, wash and peel the beets. Remove the greens, wash them well, and set aside. Put the beets into the boiling water and cook until tender, about 20 to 30 minutes. Remove and set them aside. Slice the papaya in half, scoop out and discard the seeds. Carefully scoop out the fruit and reserve the shells. Coarsely chop the papaya and put it into a small bowl. Melt 2 tablespoons butter in 1 tablespoon  <END>
INPUT: Mexican, tacos, cabbage, garlic, virgin olive oil, Kosher salt, brisket, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Brisket Tacos With Red Cabbage | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2 heads garlic, unpeeled and halved crosswise, plus 6 cloves garlic; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; Kosher salt; 4 to 4 1/2 pounds brisket; Freshly ground pepper; 1 tablespoon smoked paprika; 1 tablespoon chili powder; 3 tablespoons canola oil; 3 large red onions, halved and thinly sliced; 1/4 cup packed dark brown sugar; 2 tablespoons apple cider vinegar; 1 cup dry red wine; 2 cups beef stock; 2 bay leaves; 16 to 20 small flour tortillas | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Place the halved garlic heads in a single layer on a sheet of foil. Drizzle with the olive oil and season with salt. Fold the foil into a packet; roast until tender, about 45 minutes. Meanwhile, cook the brisket: Pulse the 6 garlic cloves in a food processor to make a paste. Season both sides of the brisket with salt, pepper, the paprika and chili powder. Heat 2 tablespoons canola oil in a large Dutch oven over medium-high heat. Working in batches if necessary, add the meat to the pot in a single layer and brown on both sides, about 5 minutes total. Remove th <END>
INPUT: Italian, stir, orange juice, soy sauce, hot pepper flakes, asparagus, roasted peanut oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Stir-Fried Asparagus and Basil with Spicy Orange Sauce | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1/3 cup orange juice; 1 1/2 tablespoons soy sauce; 1/2 teaspoon hot red pepper flakes, or more to taste; 1 1/2 pounds asparagus; 4 teaspoons roasted peanut oil; 2 medium garlic cloves, minced; 1 tablespoon minced fresh gingerroot; 1/2 cup packed fresh basil leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine the orange juice, soy sauce, and hot red pepper flakes in a small bowl and set aside. Snap off the tough ends of the asparagus. If the asparagus are thin, cut them on the diagonal into 2-inch pieces. If the asparagus are average or thicker, cut the spears in half lengthwise and then on the diagonal in 2-inch pieces. Heat 1 tablespoon of the oil in a large nonstick skillet set over high heat. When the oil is shimmering but not smoking, add the asparagus and stir-fry for 2 minutes. Push the asparagus to the sides of the pan and place the garlic and ginger in the center. Drizzle the remai <END>
INPUT: chicken legs thighs, Coarse salt pepper, olive oil, unsalted butter, onions
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken with Roasted Peppers | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 whole chicken legs with thighs; Coarse salt and freshly ground black pepper to taste; 3 tablespoons olive oil; 3 tablespoons unsalted butter; 2 medium onions, thinly sliced; 1 teaspoon coarse salt; 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 2 garlic cloves, minced; 1 teaspoon paprika; 2 red bell peppers, roasted, peeled, seeded and chopped; 2 yellow bell peppers, roasted, peeled, seeded and chopped; 2 poblano chiles, roasted, peeled, seeded and chopped; 1 tomato, peeled, seeded and diced; 1 1/4 cups chicken stock | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat grill or broiler. Season chicken to taste with salt and pepper, and lightly brush with olive oil. Grill or broil, skinside down first, about 10 minutes per side. Melt butter in a medium skillet over moderate heat. Cook onions with salt and pepper until soft and clear. Add garlic and paprika, and cook an additional minute, stirring constantly. Add remaining ingredients, bring to a boil, reduce to a simmer, and cook, uncovered, about 5 minutes. Place chicken over individual beds of bulgur wheat, rice or pasta. Ladle on sauce and serve. <END>
INPUT: macaroons, sugar, cinnamon, salt, egg
OUTPUT: TITLE: Almond-Chocolate Macaroons | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups (about 9 1/2 ounces) whole almonds, toasted; 1 cup sugar; 1/4 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1/8 teaspoon salt; 1 large egg; 2 large egg white; 1/4 teaspoon almond extract; 3/4 cup finely chopped bittersweet (not unsweetened) or semisweet chocolate | INSTRUCTIONS: Position rack in center of oven and preheat to 350°F. Line 2 heavy large baking sheets with foil. Butter foil and dust with flour. Finely grind almonds, sugar, cinnamon and salt in processor. Add egg, egg white and almond extract and process until mixture holds together. Transfer to bowl. Stir in chocolate. Using moistened hands, roll mixture into 1-inch balls and place on prepared sheets. Flatten to 1/3-inch thick rounds. Bake macaroons until tops puff and centers are still soft, about 12 minutes. Transfer to rack and cool completely. Store in airtight container at room temperature. (Can be p <END>
INPUT: smashed, bacon, kosher salt, skinned potatoes, unsalted butter, milk
OUTPUT: TITLE: Smashed Potatoes with Bacon Salt | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 slices thick-cut bacon; 1/4 cup kosher salt; 3 pounds red-skinned potatoes, quartered; 3 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1/2 cup whole milk | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Lay 4 bacon slices on a rimmed baking sheet and bake until golden brown and crisp, about 10 minutes per side. Drain on paper towels; let cool completely. Make the bacon salt (see below). Store extra in an airtight container in the refrigerator up to 2 weeks, or freeze up to 2 months. Put the potatoes and the remaining 2 bacon slices in a large pot and cover with cold water. Bring to a boil, then reduce the heat to medium low and simmer until the potatoes are tender, about 25 minutes. Drain, discarding the bacon slices. Combine the butter with the milk in the  <END>
INPUT: Italian, beef, parsley leaves, bread crumbs, onion, eggs
OUTPUT: TITLE: Adriana's Pasta Pie | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 pounds ground beef; 1/4 cup chopped fresh parsley leaves; 1 cup bread crumbs; 1 small onion, chopped; 3 large eggs; 1/2 cup Parmesan; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/4 teaspoon pepper; 5 cups cooked tubetti pasta (tiny tubes or baby shells work best); 1/2 pound shredded mozzarella; 1/2 pound shredded provolone; 3/4 cup grated Parmesan, plus extra for garnish; 2 cups Adriana's tomato basil sauce, recipe follows; 1/3 cup olive oil; 4 cloves minced garlic | INSTRUCTIONS: Crust: Mix crust ingredients gently to combine. Do not over mix. Put mixture into a lightly greased 10-inch pie plate. Shape meat to form a 1-inch thick crust. Filling: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Mix filling ingredients and scoop into meat crust. Bake for 1 1/2 hours. Let pie cool for 15 minutes before cutting into 8 pie slices. Top each slice with Adriana's Tomato Basil Sauce and sprinkle with a little Parmesan. In large pot, cook garlic and red pepper flakes in oil on low heat for 3 to 5 minutes only. Add tomatoes, paste, water, all seasonings, and fresh basil. Bring to a boil and th <END>
INPUT: cupcake, spiced, cake flour, baking powder, baking soda, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Banana Cupcake with Spiced White Chocolate Glaze | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Nonstick cooking spray, for spraying liners; 1 2/3 cups cake flour; 1 teaspoon baking powder; 1/2 teaspoon baking soda; Pinch salt; 4 ounces (1 stick) unsalted butter, at room temperature; 1 1/4 cups sugar; 3 very ripe medium bananas (about 1 cup mashed); 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; 2 eggs; 1/3 cup buttermilk; 2/3 cup heavy cream; 1/4 teaspoon anise; 1/4 teaspoon ground cardamom; 12 ounces white chocolate, finely chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: For the cupcake batter: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line cupcake pans with cupcake liners (for a total of 24 cupcakes); lightly spray the liners with cooking spray. In a medium mixing bowl, sift together the cake flour, baking powder, baking soda and salt and set aside. In the bowl of a stand mixer with a paddle attachment, cream the butter and sugar. Add the bananas and beat until smooth. Mix the vanilla extract and eggs into the banana mixture, scrape down the sides of the bowl and beat until incorporated, about 1 minute. Add the dry ingredients and buttermilk to the banana mixture in <END>
INPUT: cookies, Crisco® Baking Butter, Jif® Creamy Peanut, sugar, granulated sugar, Crisco® Butter Flavor
OUTPUT: TITLE: Peanut Butter Chip Cookies | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: or 1/2 stick Crisco® Baking Sticks Butter Flavor All-Vegetable Shortening; 1/3 cup Jif® Creamy Peanut Butter; 1 cup packed brown sugar; 1/2 cup granulated sugar; 1/2 cup Crisco® Butter Flavor All-Vegetable Shortening; 2 large eggs; 1 tsp. vanilla extract; 1 3/4 cups Pillsbury BEST® All Purpose Flour; 3/4 tsp. baking soda; 1/4 tsp. salt; 1 (6 oz.) pkg. peanut butter flavored chips or semi-sweet chocolate chips, or 1/2 cup of each | INSTRUCTIONS: HEAT oven to 375 degrees F. COMBINE shortening, peanut butter, brown sugar, granulated sugar, eggs and vanilla in large bowl; beat with electric mixer until light and fluffy. COMBINE flour, baking soda and salt in medium bowl. Mix into shortening mixture at low speed until just blended. Stir in peanut butter chips. Drop by rounded teaspoonfuls 2 inches apart onto ungreased baking sheet. BAKE 10 to 12 minutes, or until golden brown. Remove to cooling rack. <END>
INPUT: Italian, skewers, virgin olive oil, garlic, anchovy fillets, tiny capers, unsalted butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fried Mozzarella Skewers | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 5 garlic cloves, chopped; 4 anchovy fillets; 3 tablespoons drained tiny capers; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1/2 cup dry white wine; 3 tablespoons lemon juice; 8 slices firm white bread, crusts removed; 12 ounces fresh mozzarella, thinly sliced; All-purpose flour, for dredging; 2 large eggs; 2 tablespoons milk; Vegetable oil, for frying; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh Italian parsley | INSTRUCTIONS: Make the sauce: Pour the olive oil into a large skillet set over medium-high heat. When the olive oil is hot, add the chopped garlic. Cook and stir until garlic is sizzling and fragrant, taking care not to burn it. Add the anchovies and capers, and stir until capers dissolve into the oil. Add the butter and melt it, then pour in the white wine and lemon juice. Bring to a rapid simmer, and cook until reduced by half, about 6 to 7 minutes. Keep warm. Lay four slices of bread on your work surface. Top with the sliced mozzarella, making sure the cheese does not extend over the edges of the bread,  <END>
INPUT: spice, chiles de árbol, coarse sea salt, lemon zest, thyme leaves, Ingredient Chiles de
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chile-Thyme Spice Mix | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 dried chiles de árbol, stemmed; 4 teaspoons coarse sea salt; 4 teaspoons finely grated lemon zest; 4 teaspoons fresh thyme leaves; Ingredient Info: Chiles de árbol are available at better supermarkets and at Latin markets | INSTRUCTIONS: Pulse chiles in a spice grinder until coarsely ground. Transfer ground chiles to a small bowl and add salt. Scatter lemon zest on a 6x6" piece of parchment paper and microwave on high for 1 minute. Add thyme to parchment and microwave until dry, about 1 minute 30 seconds (time will vary). Let cool and lightly crush zest and thyme; combine with ground chiles and salt. DO AHEAD: Spice mix may be made 1 week ahead. Store airtight at room temperature. Pulse chiles in a spice grinder until coarsely ground. Transfer ground chiles to a small bowl and add salt. Scatter lemon zest on a 6x6" piece of pa <END>
INPUT: shallots, shallot, mustard seeds, champagne vinegar, sugar, thyme
OUTPUT: TITLE: Asparagus with Prosciutto and Pickled Shallots | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 shallot, thinly sliced and separated into rings; 1 tablespoon yellow mustard seeds; 1/4 cup champagne vinegar; 2 tablespoons sugar; 2 sprigs thyme, plus 2 teaspoons leaves; 1 bunch thin asparagus, ends trimmed; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper; 4 ounces thinly sliced prosciutto (8 to 10 slices) | INSTRUCTIONS: Put the shallot and mustard seeds in a small bowl. Combine the vinegar, sugar and thyme sprigs in a small saucepan and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat and simmer, stirring, until the sugar dissolves, 1 to 2 minutes. Pour the vinegar mixture over the shallot mixture and stir. Refrigerate 30 minutes. Preheat the broiler. Spread the asparagus on a rimmed baking sheet; drizzle with the olive oil and sprinkle with the thyme leaves. Season with 1/2 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of pepper and toss until coated. Broil until crisp-tender and lightly browned in spots, about 4 minutes. Transfer the asp <END>
INPUT: sunday, gravy, Kosher salt pepper, olive oil, shallot, drinking wine
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sunday Roast Beef and Gravy | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 (3 to 4-pound) bone-in rib-eye roast; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1/4 cup olive oil; 1 large shallot, finely chopped; 1/2 bottle drinking red wine, such as Malbec; 5 cups beef stock | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. Using a heavy hand, season rib-eye roast with salt and pepper on all sides. Heat olive oil in a large Dutch oven or a roasting pan. Place beef in hot pan and sear until deep golden brown on all sides. Transfer the pan to the oven and roast for about 15 minutes per pound for medium-rare, making an approximate hour of cooking time. Remove the pan from oven and transfer the beef to a cutting board. Allow meat to rest for at least 15 minutes, tented with foil, before carving. Gravy: Pour off excess fat from the Dutch oven (reserve for T <END>
INPUT: olive oil, kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Salt Roasted Potatoes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 teaspoons olive oil (preferably extra-virgin); 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt; 1/2 lb small (1 1/2-inch) white or Yukon Gold potatoes (about 5), scrubbed well | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 425°F. Stir together oil and salt in a small shallow baking dish or pie plate. Add potatoes and rub with oil mixture to coat. Roast potatoes in middle of oven until tender when pierced with a sharp paring knife, 30 to 35 minutes. Preheat oven to 425°F. Stir together oil and salt in a small shallow baking dish or pie plate. Add potatoes and rub with oil mixture to coat. Roast potatoes in middle of oven until tender when pierced with a sharp paring knife, 30 to 35 minutes. <END>
INPUT: scented, pilaf, vegetable oil, onion, garlic, saffron threads, Salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Saffron and Preserved Lemon Scented Shrimp Rice Pilaf | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons vegetable oil; 1/2 cup onion, chopped; 1 tablespoon garlic, minced; 1 teaspoon saffron threads; Salt; 1 1/2 cups rice; 3 cups water; 1 cup tomatoes, peeled, seeded and diced; 1 1/2 teaspoons cayenne pepper; 1/2 cup cracked green olives; 1 pound medium shrimp; 1 tablespoon finely chopped preserved lemons; Freshly ground black pepper; 1/2 cup toasted slivered almonds, for garnish; Chopped parsley, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: In a medium saucepan, add 2 tablespoons of the vegetable oil and heat. Add the onions and saute for 3 minutes, until soft and translucent. Add the garlic and saute for another 2 minutes. Add the saffron threads and saute for 1 minute. Season with salt. Add the rice and saute, stirring constantly for 2 minutes. Add the water and cover the pot. Lower the heat to simmer and cook for 20 minutes. Remove from the heat and let sit, covered for 5 minutes. Uncover and fluff with a fork. While the rice is cooking, in a saute pan, over high heat, add the remaining vegetable oil. When the oil is hot, add  <END>
INPUT: flourless, cake, blanched slivered almonds, sugar, eggs, lemon peel, cinnamon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Flourless Lemon-Almond Cake | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/3 cups blanched slivered almonds; 8 tablespoons sugar; 4 large eggs, separated; 5 teaspoons packed grated lemon peel; 1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon; Pinch of salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 375°F. Butter and flour 9-inch-diameter cake pan with 1 1/2-inch-high sides. Line bottom of pan with waxed paper. Finely grind almonds with 2 tablespoons sugar in processor. Combine yolks, 2 tablespoons sugar, lemon peel, cinnamon and salt in medium bowl. Using electric mixer, beat until thick and smooth, about 2 minutes. Stir in almond mixture. Using clean beaters, beat egg whites in large bowl until soft peaks form. Gradually add 4 tablespoons sugar, beating until stiff but not dry. Fold large spoonful of whites into almond mixture. Gently fold in remaining whites. Transfer b <END>
INPUT: American, jerk, rubbed, onion, habanero Scotch bonnet, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Jerk Rubbed Rib-Eye with Green Papaya Relish | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 medium red onion, coarsely chopped; 4 green onion, coarsely chopped; 1/2 to 1 habanero or Scotch bonnet chile, coarsely chopped; 1 (2-inch) piece fresh ginger, coarsely chopped; 2 cloves garlic; 1 tablespoon fresh thyme leaves; 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1 teaspoon ground allspice; 1/2 teaspoon ground cloves; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1/2 cup canola oil; 2 (1-pound, 2-inch thick) boneless rib-eye steaks; 1 recipe Green Papaya Relish, recipe follows | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine red and green onion, habanero, ginger, garlic, thyme, cinnamon, allspice, cloves, 1 teaspoon salt, 1/4 teaspoon pepper and oil in a food processor and process to a thin paste. Heat the grill or grill pan to high. Remove the steaks from the refrigerator 20 minutes before grilling. Season rib-eye on both sides with salt and pepper. Rub both sides of each steak with the wet rub and place on the grill. Grill until golden brown and the rub has formed a crust, 3 to 5 minutes. Flip the steak over, reduce the heat to medium. Baste steaks with the rub and continue cooking to medium-rare donenes <END>
INPUT: cubes salt pork, shallots, Kosher salt pepper, brussels sprouts, juice from jarred
OUTPUT: TITLE: Brussels Sprouts with Shallots and Salt Pork | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup 1/4" cubes salt pork or pancetta (about 8 ounces); 2 large shallots, peeled, quartered (about 1 1/2 cups); Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 1/2 pounds brussels sprouts, outer leaves removed, trimmed, halved; 1-2 tablespoons juice from jarred dill pickles | INSTRUCTIONS: Blanch salt pork in a large saucepan of boiling water for 1 minute. Using a slotted spoon, transfer salt pork to a paper towel- lined plate to drain. Set aside. DO AHEAD: Salt pork can be blanched 1 day ahead. Cover and chill. Cook salt pork in a large heavy skillet over medium heat, stirring occasionally, until about 3/4 cup fat is rendered, 10-12 minutes. Carefully strain drippings into a small bowl; return 2 tablespoons drippings and pork to pan. Increase heat to medium-high and cook, stirring occasionally, until salt pork is browned and crisp, 5-6 minutes. Transfer to paper towels to drain <END>
INPUT: onion, olive oil, garlic, strong brewed coffee
OUTPUT: TITLE: Coffee-Braised Beef with Cinnamon and Orange | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 large onion, chopped (1 1/2 cups); 1 1/2 tablespoons olive oil; 2 garlic cloves, thinly sliced; 1 1/4 cups strong brewed coffee; 3 (3- by 1-inch) strips fresh orange zest; 1 (3-inch) cinnamon stick; 2 teaspoons packed brown sugar; 1 (3 1/2-lb) boneless beef chuck roast; 1 1/2 teaspoons salt; 1/2 teaspoon black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Put oven rack in middle position and preheat oven to 325°F. Cook onion in oil in a 4- to 5-quart heavy pot over moderately high heat, stirring, until golden, about 6 minutes. Add garlic and cook, stirring, 1 minute. Stir in coffee, zest, cinnamon stick, and brown sugar, then bring to a simmer. Sprinkle beef all over with salt and pepper, then add to pot. Transfer pot to oven and braise, tightly covered, until meat is very tender, 3 1/2 to 4 hours. Skim fat from sauce and discard cinnamon stick. Put oven rack in middle position and preheat oven to 325°F. Cook onion in oil in a 4- to 5-quart hea <END>
INPUT: sandies, All purpose flour, pecans, Unsalted butter, Powdered sugar, Additional powdered sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pecan Sandies for My Mom | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 3/4 cups + 1 1/2 teaspoons All-purpose flour (250 grams); 3/4 cup Coarsely chopped pecans (80 grams); 4 ounces Unsalted butter, at room temperature (170 grams); 3/4 cup + 1 3/4 teaspoons Powdered sugar (90 grams); Additional powdered sugar for dusting (optional) | INSTRUCTIONS: Position the racks in the upper and lower thirds of the oven and preheat the oven to 325°F (convection) or 350°F (standard). Line two sheet pans with Silpats or parchment paper. Toss the flour and pecans together in a medium bowl. Place the butter in the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment and mix on medium-low speed until smooth. Add the 90 grams/3/4 cup plus 1 3/4 teaspoons powdered sugar and mix for about 2 minutes, until fluffy. Scrape down the sides and bottom of the bowl. Add the flour mixture and mix on low speed for about 30 seconds, until just combined. Scrape the  <END>
INPUT: spread, cheddar cheese, garlic, Worcestershire sauce, mustard, cayenne pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cheddar with Beer Spread | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 pound cheddar cheese, grated; 1 clove garlic, minced; 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce; 1/2 teaspoon dry mustard; Dash of cayenne pepper; 1/3 cup Belgian beer | INSTRUCTIONS: In a mixing bowl combine the cheese, garlic, Worcestershire sauce, mustard, cayenne, and stir until well combined. Gradually add the beer until a nice paste has formed and is a spreading consistency. Spread on crusty bread or crackers of your choice.; <END>
INPUT: coffee, spoons, bittersweet chocolate, coconut oil, peppermint candies
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate and Peppermint Coffee Spoons | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 ounces bittersweet chocolate; 1 tablespoon coconut oil; 1/4 cup peppermint candies | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper. Melt the chocolate with the coconut oil in a bowl set over a pan of simmering water. Stir occasionally until the chocolate is melted and the mixture is combined. Put the peppermint candies in a plastic bag and smash manually, or put in a food processor and pulse for a more even consistency. Dip a coffee spoon into the chocolate mixture and twirl so that the chocolate coats the spoon evenly. Place on the prepared baking sheet and sprinkle immediately with the peppermint candies. Repeat with 3 additional spoons. Allow to se <END>
INPUT: sauce, pure maple syrup, Dijon style mustard, unsalted butter, parsnips
OUTPUT: TITLE: Parsnips in Maple Mustard Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons pure maple syrup; 1 teaspoon Dijon-style mustard; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, cut into bits; 2 large parsnips (about 1/2 pound), peeled and cut into 3- by 1/4-inch sticks | INSTRUCTIONS: In a microwave-safe shallow baking dish combine the syrup, the mustard, the butter, and salt and pepper to taste, add the parsnips, and toss them to coat them well. Microwave the parsnips, covered partially, at high power (100%) for 10 minutes, or until they are tender. In a microwave-safe shallow baking dish combine the syrup, the mustard, the butter, and salt and pepper to taste, add the parsnips, and toss them to coat them well. Microwave the parsnips, covered partially, at high power (100%) for 10 minutes, or until they are tender. <END>
INPUT: shaved, slaw, hazelnuts, Brussels sprouts, kale, Granny Smith apple, olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Shaved Brussels Sprout and Kale Slaw with Pecorino and Toasted Hazelnuts | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup skinless hazelnuts; 8 ounces Brussels sprouts; 1 small bunch kale (about 4 cups lightly packed leaves); 1 small Granny Smith apple; 6 tablespoons olive oil; 3 tablespoons champagne vinegar; 1/2 teaspoon Dijon mustard; Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper; 1/3 cup grated Pecorino | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Roughly chop the hazelnuts, and then spread them out on a sheet pan and roast in the oven until golden, 5 to 7 minutes. Wash and pat dry the Brussels sprouts and kale. Cut the Brussels sprouts in half lengthwise, through the stem. Using a sharp knife or mandoline, finely slice the Brussels sprouts crosswise to give you fine ribbons. Remove the tough stems from the kale leaves and discard. Stack the leaves up on top of one another and cut across the stem so it yields a similar shape to the shaved Brussels sprouts. Cut the sides of the apple off and cut into th <END>
INPUT: pilaf, unsalted butter, onion, Kosher salt, pure wild rice, scallions
OUTPUT: TITLE: Wild Rice Pilaf | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, divided; 1/2 cup chopped yellow onion; Kosher salt; 2 cups pure wild rice (10 to 12 ounces); 1/4 cup finely chopped scallions, white and green parts (2 scallions); 1 1/2 teaspoons freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Melt 2 tablespoons of the butter in a medium saucepan, add the onion, and cook over low heat for 5 to 10 minutes, until translucent. Add 5 cups of water, 2 teaspoons of salt, and the wild rice. Bring to a boil, reduce the heat to very low, and simmer, covered, for 50 minutes to 1 hour, until the rice is tender. Drain well. Place the drained rice in a bowl, add the remaining tablespoon of butter, the scallions, 1 1/2 teaspoons salt, and the pepper. Taste for seasonings and serve hot. <END>
INPUT: stewed, squash, sweet butter, leeks, onions, parsley
OUTPUT: TITLE: Stuffed Yellow Squash with Stewed Tomatoes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 medium yellow squash; 4 ounces sweet butter; 1/2 cup leeks, bottom part, chopped; 1/2 cup onions, chopped; 1 tablespoon parsley, chopped; 1 teaspoon garlic, chopped; 3/4 cup grated Parmesan cheese (optional); 1 cup plain bread crumbs; Salt and pepper to taste; 1/4 cup water; 3 medium vine ripened tomatoes; 1/4 cup vegetable oil; 1/2 cup white onions, chopped; 1 teaspoon garlic, chopped; 1/2 cup celery, chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: SQUASH: Take 2 of the squash and cut lengthwise. Remove flesh using a teaspoon from each half of the squash. The hollowed shell should be approximately 1/8-inch thick. Chop flesh into small pieces. Take the third whole squash and chop into small pieces as well. Combine chopped whole squash and flesh and set aside. Add butter to saucepan on medium heat and add leeks. Cook for approximately three minutes or until tender. Add chopped garlic and chopped squash. Cook until tender, approximately 4 minutes. Add bread crumbs, Parmesan cheese and parsley. Stir mixture and remove from heat. Season with  <END>
INPUT: leaves, parsnips, unsalted butter, milk, Brussels sprouts, olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Parsnip Purée with Sautéed Brussels Sprouts Leaves | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 pounds parsnips, peeled, quartered lengthwise, and cut into 1-inch pieces; 3/4 stick unsalted butter, cut into pieces; 1 1/2 cups whole milk; 10 ounces Brussels sprouts; 1 1/2 tablespoons olive oil; 3 tablespoons water | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook parsnips in a 5-to 6-quart pot of boiling water with 1 tablespoon salt, covered, until very tender, 15 to 20 minutes, then drain. Purée hot parsnips with butter, milk, and 1/2 teaspoon each of salt and pepper in a food processor until smooth. Season with salt, then transfer to a serving dish and keep warm, covered. Meanwhile, remove and reserve all but smallest leaves from Brussels sprouts, trimming stem ends as necessary. Heat oil in a 12-inch heavy skillet over medium-high heat until it shimmers, then cook leaves, tossing occasionally, until browned in patches, 2 to 3 minutes. Add water <END>
INPUT: french, sandwiches, eggs, milk, cinnamon, raisin bread, butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: French Apple-Raisin Sandwiches | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 eggs; 1/4 cup whole milk; 1/4 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 4 slices raisin bread; 1 tablespoon butter, plus more for topping; 1/2 cup prepared apple pie filling; Powdered sugar, for garnishing, optional | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large baking dish, whisk eggs, milk, and cinnamon. Set aside. Place the bread slices in the egg mixture. Let soak until the egg mixture is completely absorbed into the bread, turning over occasionally, for 1 to 2 minutes. Heat a griddle over medium low heat. Add the butter and melt. Cook the bread on the griddle until brown and heated through, about 2 to 4 minutes per side. Make 2 sandwiches with the bread and apple pie filling. Cut each sandwich in half. Transfer to plates and serve with additional butter. Top with powered sugar, if desired. <END>
INPUT: two skin fish, Kosher salt, pepper, Flour dredging, Canola oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pan Fried Fish | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 large or two small skin-on fish fillets, about 8 ounces (rainbow trout, small salmon, brown trout); Kosher salt; Ground black pepper; Flour for dredging; 2 tablespoon Canola oil; 3 tablespoons butter; 1 tablespoons capers, drained; 1 lemon, juiced | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat a heavy pan over medium high heat. Season fish on meat side with salt and pepper. Lightly dredge fish in flour and shake off excess. When pan is good and hot, add Canola oil followed immediately by 1 tablespoon butter. As soon as foaming subsides, place fish in pan with the skin side down. Jiggle pan for the first 10 seconds to keep the fish from sticking. Cook until golden crust forms on meat. Carefully turn fish away from you and again jiggle pan for the first few seconds. Cook until skin turns golden brown. Remove to a warm plate. Pour out the cooking fat, add remaining butter and quic <END>
INPUT: American, arepas, corn kernels, heated chicken stock, cornmeal, sugar, sour cream
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Arepas with Farmer's Cheese (or Queso Blanco) | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup corn kernels, fresh or frozen and thawed; 3/4 cup heated chicken stock or water; 1 cup instant cornmeal; 1 1/2 teaspoons sugar; 1 teaspoon sour cream; 1 ounce Manchego cheese, grated; 1 tablespoon butter, melted; 1/2 cup farmer's cheese or Mexican queso blanco | INSTRUCTIONS: In a blender, process the corn kernels and chicken stock until smooth. Pour the cornmeal into a large bowl. Stir in the sugar and sour cream. Pour in the chicken stock and corn mixture while stirring with your hands or a wooden spoon. Add the grated cheese. Form mixture into a ball. Then separate into 8 pieces. Roll each piece into a ball and then flatten into a pancake about 1/4-inch thick and 2 inches in diameter (but rub your fingers around the edge so that it maintains its thickness). At this point you can cover the arepas with a damp kitchen towel and refrigerate them for up to 1 day befo <END>
INPUT: Italian, marinara, light oil olive, onion, garlic, wine, plum tomatoes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mussels Marinara | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons light oil or olive oil; 1 small white onion, finely chopped; 4 large cloves garlic, finely chopped; 1 cup white wine; 2 to 3 cans chopped plum tomatoes (32 to 48 ounces total); 1 tablespoon fresh chopped oregano leaves; 1 tablespoon fresh chopped parsley leaves; 4 pounds fresh mussels, debearded, scrubbed and rinsed; Salt and pepper; 1 tablespoon fresh chopped basil leaves; Pasta, as an accompaniment, or bruschetta for dipping | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat the oil in a large saute pan over medium heat. Add the onion and garlic and saute until cooked. Add the wine and reduce it by half, then add the plum tomatoes, oregano and parsley. Add the mussels to the pan and allow to cook for about 10 minutes until all the mussels are open. Transfer mussels to a platter. (Discard any mussels that do not open.) You can mound some pasta in the center of the plate surrounded by the mussels or have some bruschetta handy for dipping into the sauce. Adjust the seasoning for the sauce with salt and pepper, as necessary. Coat the mussels with the sauce and sp <END>
INPUT: roast, salad, long veal marrow, flat leaf parsley, shallots, virgin olive oil, lemon juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roast Bone Marrow With Parsley Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 8 3"-4"-long pieces veal marrow bones; 1 cup fresh flat-leaf parsley, roughly chopped; 2 small shallots, thinly sliced (about 1/3 cup); 2 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil; 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice; 1 tablespoon drained capers; Coarse gray sea salt; Freshly ground black pepper; 4 1/2"-thick slices rustic white bread, toasted; Apecial equipment: 4 long, thin spoons | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 450°F. Place bones, wider cut side down, in an ovenproof skillet or roasting pan. Roast bones until marrow is soft and begins to separate from bone but before it begins to melt, 15-20 minutes, depending on thickness of bones. Meanwhile, toss parsley, shallots, oil, lemon juice, and capers in a medium bowl to coat. Season salad to taste with gray sea salt and pepper. Divide marrow bones and salad among plates. Serve with toast and gray sea salt. Using a long, thin spoon, scoop marrow onto toast, top with salad, and garnish with a pinch or two of salt. Preheat oven to 450°F. Plac <END>
INPUT: filled, cremeschnitten, puff pastry, gelatin leaves soaked, eggs, sugar, vanilla bean
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cream filled Pastry: Cremeschnitten | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound puff pastry; 4 gelatin leaves soaked in 2 cups cold water; 2 eggs; 1/3 cup sugar; 1 vanilla bean, halved lengthwise and seeds scraped; 2 cups heavy cream, whipped; 2/3 cup raspberry marmalade; Powdered sugar or fondant, for decoration | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F. Roll out the puff pastry into 1/4-inch thickness. Cut into four (3 by 12-inch) pieces. Dock the dough all over. Bake for 18 to 20 minutes or until golden brown in color. Transfer to a baking rack to cool. Reserve 2 puff pastry strips. Cut each of the remaining two into 6 equal pieces. Reserve. In a bowl, soak gelatin leaves with cold water to soften. In a medium bowl, combine the eggs, sugar and vanilla scrapings. Cook over a double-boiler, whisking all the while, until mixture begins to thicken. Remove from heat and stir in the gelatin. Carefully fold the whippe <END>
INPUT: applewood smoked bacon, canola oil, onion, pepper, Kosher salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tangy Maple Baked Beans with Applewood Smoked Bacon | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 thick strips applewood smoked bacon, diced; 1 tablespoon canola oil; 1 red onion, cut into small dice; 1 green pepper, diced; Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper; 5 (14 1/2-ounce) cans great Northern beans, drained and rinsed; 1 1/2 cups Carolina-style barbecue sauce; 1 cup maple syrup; 1/2 cup cider vinegar; 4 tablespoons whole grain mustard | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large, heavy-bottomed pot or Dutch oven, add the bacon and canola oil, turn the heat to medium-high and cook the bacon until it starts to crisp, 4 to 5 minutes. Add the red onions and green pepper, season with salt and pepper and saute over medium-high heat until the vegetables have softened, about 5 minutes. Add the beans, barbeque sauce, maple syrup, vinegar and mustard. Bring to a simmer, cover, reduce the heat to low and continue to cook the beans, about 45 minutes. Remove the lid and cook uncovered until the sauce has reduced and thickened and the flavors have developed, about 15 min <END>
INPUT: tacos, waffle bowls, maple syrup, vanilla fudge swirl, semisweet chocolate, refined coconut oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Ice Cream Tacos With Chocolate and Peanuts | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 waffle bowls; 2 tablespoons maple syrup; 1 1/2 cups vanilla-fudge swirl ice cream (about 3/4 pint), slightly softened; 3 ounces semisweet chocolate, finely chopped (about 2/3 cup); 1 tablespoon refined coconut oil; 2 tablespoons peanuts, finely chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: Brush insides of waffle bowls with maple syrup. Working one at a time, invert waffle bowl onto a microwave-safe plate and cover with a damp paper towel. Heat in microwave 30 seconds; waffle will soften and flatten. Immediately mold waffle into a hard taco shell shape with your hands. Let rest until set, about 2 minutes. Carefully fill waffles with ice cream (about 6 Tbsp. per taco); smooth surface with the back of a spoon or offset spatula. Transfer to a plate or parchment-lined rimmed baking sheet and freeze until firm, at least 1 hour. Combine chocolate and oil in a small, microwave-safe bow <END>
INPUT: rubbed, orange juice, unsalted butter, Zest orange, jalapenos, sage leaves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Turkey Rubbed with Roasted Jalapeno, Fresh Sage and Orange Butter | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups fresh orange juice; 2 sticks unsalted butter, at room temperature; Zest of 1 orange, finely grated; 3 jalapenos, roasted, peeled, seeded; 1/4 cup fresh sage leaves; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 fresh turkey (16 pounds) | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Put orange juice in a small nonreactive saucepan and bring to a boil over high heat. Cook until reduced about 1/4 cup. Let cool to room temperature. Put the butter, cool orange syrup, zest, jalapeno and sage in a food processor and process until smooth, season with salt and pepper. Scrape into a bowl. Can be made 1 day in advance and stored, covered in the refrigerator. Bring to room temperature before using. Preheat oven to 450 degrees F. Remove neck and gizzard from the turkey and discard. Rinse the bird thoroughly with cold water and pat dry. Rub the entire su <END>
INPUT: bacon, eggs, heavy cream, salt, butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Bacon and Egg Rolls with Spicy Tomato Relish | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 large bacon slices, halved; 4 eggs; 1/2 cup heavy cream; 1 pinch salt; 1 tablespoon butter; 4 soft bread rolls; Arugula; Spicy Tomato Relish, recipe follows; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1 onion, finely chopped; 2 cloves garlic, thinly sliced; 1 green capsicum pepper, seeded and finely diced; 1 red capsicum pepper, seeded and finely diced; 1 teaspoon paprika; 1/4 teaspoon cayenne pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat an oven to 400 degrees F. Line a large baking tray with parchment paper. Arrange the bacon on the tray, and bake for 10 minutes or until crisp. Drain the bacon on paper towels. Meanwhile, whisk together the eggs, cream and salt. Melt the butter in a nonstick frying pan over high heat, taking care not to let it burn. Pour the egg mixture into the pan, and cook for 20 seconds, or until the eggs just set around the edge. With a wooden spoon, gently bring the egg from the outside of the pan and fold it over itself to the center. Leave the eggs to cook for another 20 seconds, and then fold  <END>
INPUT: Asian, lloyd, feit, vegetable oil, garlic, kale, soy sauce, chicken stock
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lloyd Feit Sauteed Skate Wing with Kale and Hot Pepper Beurre Blanc | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons vegetable oil; 6 garlic cloves, peeled and finely chopped; 4 large heads kale (about 5 pounds), trimmed, rinsed, and roughly chopped; 1/4 cup soy sauce; 1/4 cup chicken stock; 1/2 teaspoon sugar; 1/4 tablespoon salt; 1/4 tablespoon freshly ground pepper; Few drops sesame oil; 1/2 cup dry white wine, such as Chardonnay or Sauvignon Blanc; 1/4 cup finely chopped shallots (2 medium shallots); 2 sticks (1/2 pound) butter, softened; 1/2 teaspoon salt; Freshly ground pepper; 1 serrano or jalapeno chile, very thinly sliced | INSTRUCTIONS: Kale: Heat the vegetable oil in a wok over high heat, add the garlic, and stir fry for 1 minute until golden. Add the kale, soy sauce, chicken stock, sugar, salt, and pepper and cook, stirring until wilted, about 5 minutes. Sprinkle with sesame oil. Keep warm. Beurre blanc: Combine the wine and shallots in a small saucepan over high heat. Boil until very reduced and almost dry. Remove from the heat, slowly whisk in the butter, and season with salt and pepper. Strain through a fine sieve and stir in the sliced chile. Keep warm. Skate: In a large bowl, pour the milk over the skate. Cover and ref <END>
INPUT: compote, lemons, wine, sugar, honey, mustard seeds
OUTPUT: TITLE: Peach-Mustard Compote | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 lemons; 1/2 cup dry white wine; 1/2 cup sugar; 1/2 cup honey; 3 tablespoons yellow mustard seeds; 8 black peppercorns; 1/2 teaspoon red pepper flakes; 4 3-inch sprigs fresh rosemary; 4 bay leaves; 1 3/4 pounds firm-ripe peaches, cut into 1/4-inch wedges (with skin); 1/4 cup dried cherries or currants | INSTRUCTIONS: Sterilize four 8-ounce canning jars and lids. Using a vegetable peeler, remove the zest from the lemons in wide strips, leaving the bitter white pith behind. Squeeze the lemon juice through a strainer into a large, wide saucepan. Add the zest, wine, sugar, honey, mustard seeds, peppercorns and red pepper flakes. Tie the rosemary and bay leaves together with twine and add to the pan. Bring to a boil over medium-high heat, then reduce the heat to medium low and simmer, stirring occasionally, until the liquid thickens and a candy or deep-fry thermometer registers 220 degrees F, about 10 minutes.  <END>
INPUT: scrambled, buttermilk, vegetable oil, onions, beef tenderloin, all purpose flour, chicken vegetable stock
OUTPUT: TITLE: Scrambled Eggs with Buttermilk Biscuits Chipped Beef and Sauteed Red Onions | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons vegetable oil; 2 ounces sliced red onions; 1 pound beef tenderloin thinly sliced; 1/4 cup all-purpose flour; 1 cup chicken or vegetable stock (hot); 1/3 cup heavy cream; 1/2 teaspoon Dijon mustard; 2 tablespoon white wine; Salt and pepper, to taste; 1 tablespoon chopped parsley, plus more for garnish; 2 eggs ( for each biscuit served ); 4 cups all-purpose flour; 2 tablespoons baking powder; 1 teaspoon baking soda; 1 teaspoon salt | INSTRUCTIONS: For the chipped beef, in a saute pan heat the oil and add the red onions. Saute until golden brown. Add the beef and saute until the meat is browned. Add in the flour and mix well. Whisk in the hot stock. Cook until it begins to thicken stirring constantly. Stir in the cream, mustard and white wine. Season with salt, pepper, and parsley. For the plate; scramble 2 eggs for each biscuit served. Slice each biscuit in half and place flat bottoms on the plate. Fill each biscuit base with eggs. Spoon chipped beef and onions over eggs. Garnish with fresh parsley. Serve while hot.; For the biscuits, s <END>
INPUT: mousse, whipping cream, sugar, Two packages chocolate, raspberries, dessert goblets
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate Mousse with Raspberries | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 32 ounces fresh whipping cream; 1 cup sugar; Two 4-ounce packages instant chocolate pudding mix; 2 pints fresh raspberries, rinsed; 20 small dessert goblets | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large work bowl, whip the cream with an electric mixer. As cream begins to thicken, slowly add the sugar and continue to whip until soft peaks form. Add the pudding mix and whip just until well blended. Place a few raspberries in the bottom of each glass. Spoon a layer of mousse over berries and repeat layering raspberries and mousse until glasses are filled. Top with a few raspberries, cover with plastic wrap, and chill in refrigerator for at least 1/2 hour or until serving. In a large work bowl, whip the cream with an electric mixer. As cream begins to thicken, slowly add the sugar and  <END>
INPUT: everything, bagel, olive oil, poppy seeds, sesame seeds, garlic, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lamb Chops with Everything-Bagel Yogurt and Chickpeas | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 7 tablespoons olive oil, divided; 2 1/2 teaspoons poppy seeds; 2 1/2 teaspoons sesame seeds; 2 teaspoons dried minced garlic; 2 teaspoons dried minced onion; 1 teaspoon coarse salt; 8 1-inch-thick lamb rib or loin chops (about 1 1/2 pounds); 1 teaspoon kosher salt, divided; 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, divided; 1/2 cup chopped yellow onion; 1/2 pound carrots, peeled, cut into 1/4-inch-thick slices on a bias; 2 garlic cloves, minced; 2 teaspoons to 2 tablespoons harissa paste (depending on heat and saltiness); 1 teaspoon ground cumin; 1/2 teaspoon smoked paprika | INSTRUCTIONS: In a small skillet, warm 6 tablespoons olive oil, poppy seeds, sesame seeds, dried garlic, dried onion, and coarse salt over medium-low heat until the spices just start to sizzle and turn very light brown, about 2 minutes. Quickly pour into a heat-safe bowl and allow to cool completely. Season the lamb chops with 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt and 1/4 teaspoon pepper; set aside. In a large skillet, heat remaining 1 tablespoon olive oil over medium heat. Add onion and 1/4 teaspoon kosher salt and sauté until soft, 2 to 3 minutes. Add carrots and sauté until softened and starting to brown, about 6 min <END>
INPUT: salad, potatoes, sherry vinegar, olive oil, truffle oil, Salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lobster Salad with Saffron Potatoes and Crispy Leeks | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 (1 pound) lobster; 1/2 cup sherry vinegar; 1/2 cup olive oil; 1 tablespoon truffle oil; Salt and pepper; 2 leeks, cleaned and julienned; 1 medium yellow gold potato; Pinch saffron; 1 shallot, brunoise; 5 chives, chopped; 1 black truffles, thinly sliced; 1 pinch lobster roe | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook lobster in boiling water for 3 1/2 minutes. Remove from water and set aside to cool. To make vinaigrette, in a deep bowl mix together sherry vinegar, olive oil, truffle oil, and salt and pepper, to taste. Heat 1/4-inch of oil in a deep saute pan to 350 degrees F. To prepare the leeks, boil in water for 1 minute. Dry the leeks completely then fry them in the oil until crispy. Remove from pan immediately, drain on a paper towel lined plate and set aside. To prepare the potato, peel in a cylindrical shape. Bring a saucepan of salted water to a boil. Add a pinch of saffron. Add the potato and <END>
INPUT: Mexican, onion, bell peppers, vegetable oil, chili powder, chipotle chile powder
OUTPUT: TITLE: Turkey Chili | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 large white onion, coarsely chopped; 2 bell peppers (any color), cut into 1-inch pieces; 3 tablespoons vegetable oil; 1 tablespoon chili powder; 1 teaspoon chipotle chile powder; 2 teaspoon packed brown sugar; 1 (28-ounce) can whole tomatoes in juice; 1 (19-ounce) can black beans, rinsed and drained; 1/2 cup water; 2 cups cooked turkey, cut into 1-inch pieces; Accompaniments: sour cream; sliced avocado; chopped white onion; lime wedges | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook onion and peppers in oil in a heavy medium pot over medium heat, stirring occasionally, until golden, 12 to 15 minutes. Add spices and brown sugar and cook, stirring, until fragrant, about 1 minute. Add tomatoes with juice, breaking them up with back of a spoon, then add beans, water, and 1 teaspoon salt and simmer, covered, 15 minutes. Stir in turkey and let stand, covered, until heated through, 5 minutes. Cook onion and peppers in oil in a heavy medium pot over medium heat, stirring occasionally, until golden, 12 to 15 minutes. Add spices and brown sugar and cook, stirring, until fragra <END>
INPUT: truffles, firmly flaked coconut, sugar, pineapple, confectioner's sugar, egg yolks
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pineapple Truffles | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/4 cups firmly packed sweetened flaked coconut, divided; 3/4 cup sugar, divided; 1 medium pineapple, ripe; 3/4 cup confectioner's sugar; 4 large egg yolks | INSTRUCTIONS: In a blender or food processor fitted with a metal blade, process 1/4 cup coconut with 1/4 cup sugar. Remove to a bowl or ziplock bag. Set aside. Cut the pineapple out of the shell. Discard core and cut the flesh into chunks. Purée pineapple in blender or food processor. Transfer the puréed pineapple to a medium pot. Mix in 1 cup coconut, 1/2 cup sugar, and the confectioner's sugar. Bring to a boil over medium heat. Cook until all the liquid evaporates, about 30-35 minutes, stirring often to make sure the mixture is not browning on the bottom. If the mixture starts to brown, lower heat slightl <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, salad, vinaigrette, olive oil, lime juice, Champagne vinegar, shallot
OUTPUT: TITLE: Watermelon Salad with Serrano Vinaigrette | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup olive oil; 2 tablespoons fresh lime juice; 2 tablespoons Champagne vinegar; 1/4 cup finely chopped shallot (1 large); 1 (2-inch) fresh serrano chile, thinly sliced crosswise (1 tablespoon); 1 tablespoon chopped fresh thyme; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1 (6-lb) piece seedless watermelon; 1 cup rice vinegar (not seasoned); 2 tablespoons sugar; 1/2 lb arugula (6 cups); 1/2 lb feta, crumbled (2 cups); 1 (2-inch) fresh serrano chile, thinly sliced crosswise (1 tablespoon) | INSTRUCTIONS: Make vinaigrette: Whisk together all vinaigrette ingredients and chill in an airtight container at least 8 hours to allow flavors to develop. Shake or whisk before using. Whisk together all vinaigrette ingredients and chill in an airtight container at least 8 hours to allow flavors to develop. Shake or whisk before using. Prepare watermelon and pickled rind: Remove and discard outer green skin from watermelon with a sharp knife. Using a vegetable peeler, shave enough 2-inch-long pieces from white rind to measure 1/2 cup. Transfer to a heatproof bowl. Reserve remaining watermelon. Stir together <END>
INPUT: dough, unbleached all purpose, almond flour, kosher salt, confectioners' sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Almond Sablé Dough | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 1/4 cups unbleached all-purpose flour, plus more for dusting; 3/4 cup almond flour; 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt; 14 tablespoons (1 3/4 sticks) chilled unsalted butter, cut into small pieces; 1/2 cup plus 1 tablespoon confectioners' sugar; 1 large egg; 1 large egg yolk | INSTRUCTIONS: In a bowl, whisk together the all-purpose flour, almond flour, and salt. In the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, combine the butter and confectioners' sugar. Mix on medium-low speed until well combined, about 4 minutes. Mix in the egg and then the yolk, allowing each to be incorporated before adding the next. In two additions, add the flour mixture, scraping down the sides of the bowl after each addition. Turn out the dough onto a clean lightly floured work surface. Divide it in half, shape into flattened disks, and wrap each one in plastic wrap. Refrigerate for at  <END>
INPUT: virgin olive oil, beef rump roast, Salt pepper, roasted garlic herb, Madeira wine
OUTPUT: TITLE: Beef Roast with Tomato Madeira Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 3 pounds beef rump roast, rinsed and patted dry; Salt and pepper; 1 1/2 cups roasted garlic and herb tomato sauce; 3/4 cup Madeira wine; 1 teaspoon minced garlic; 1 1/2 cups frozen pearl onions; 1 cup frozen carrot slices | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat the olive oil in a large frying pan on medium-high heat. Season the roast with salt and pepper. Brown the roast on all sides, remove to a plate, and set aside. In a medium bowl, combine the tomato sauce, Madeira, and garlic. Set aside. To a slow cooker add the onions and carrots. Add the browned roast and any accumulated juices. Pour the sauce mixture over the top of roast. Cover and cook on low setting for 8 hours. <END>
INPUT: Italian, caprese, toast, crusty baguette, Virgin olive oil, Salt pepper, garlic, ball mozzarella dice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Caprese with Olives on Garlic Toast | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 12 slices crusty baguette, cut on a long angle; Extra-Virgin olive oil, for drizzling; Salt and pepper; 1 clove garlic, crushed; 3/4 ball fresh mozzarella cut in to 1/4-inch dice, see Cook's Note; 3 plum tomatoes, seeded and cut into 1/4-inch dice; 10 fresh basil leaves, chopped; 10 kalamata olives, pitted and finely chopped; Extra-virgin olive oil, for drizzling; Salt and pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Arrange the bread slices on a baking sheet, drizzle with extra-virgin olive oil, sprinkle with a little salt and pepper. Transfer to the oven and bake for 5 to 8 minutes or until golden brown. Remove from the oven and while still hot, rub the seasoned side of the toasts with the crushed clove of garlic. Reserve the toasts while you make the Caprese with Olives. In a bowl combine the diced mozzarella, tomatoes with the chopped basil and olives. Drizzle with a generous amount of extra-virgin olive oil and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Arrange a mound of th <END>
INPUT: poppers, Ritz crackers, all purpose flour, egg, pepper Jack cheese, okra
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fried Okra Poppers | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 24 Ritz crackers; 1/4 cup all-purpose flour; 1 large egg; 2 ounces chilled pepper Jack cheese; 12 medium okra; 2 cups corn oil or other vegetable oil for frying; Accompaniment: prepared salsa | INSTRUCTIONS: In a food processor finely grind crackers. In a shallow bowl whisk together cracker crumbs, flour, and salt to taste. In another shallow bowl beat egg. Cut pepper Jack into twelve 1 1/2- by 1/2- by 1/4-inch pieces. With a sharp knife cut a 2-inch slit lengthwise on side of each okra. With fingers gently pull slit slightly open and insert a slice of cheese. Transfer okra to a plate and chill 5 minutes. Working in batches of 4, dip stuffed okra in egg to coat, letting excess drip off, and roll in cracker crumb mixture, shaking off excess. Arrange okra in one layer on plate as coated and chill 5  <END>
INPUT: sauce, butter, shallots, garlic, bottled clam juice, wine
OUTPUT: TITLE: Honey Mustard Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon butter; 2 tablespoons chopped shallots; 1 teaspoon chopped garlic; 1/4 cup bottled clam juice; 1/4 cup dry white wine; 1 teaspoon yellow mustard seeds; 1 cup whipping cream; 2 1/2 tablespoons whole grain Dijon mustard; 1 teaspoon honey | INSTRUCTIONS: Melt butter in heavy medium saucepan over medium heat. Add shallots and garlic; sauté until tender, about 2 minutes. Add clam juice, wine and mustard seeds. Boil until liquid is reduced by half, about 2 minutes. Add cream. Boil until liquid is reduced to 1 cup, about 3 minutes. Mix in Dijon mustard and honey. Season with salt and pepper. (Can be prepared 1 day ahead. Cover and refrigerate. Before using, rewarm over low heat.) Melt butter in heavy medium saucepan over medium heat. Add shallots and garlic; sauté until tender, about 2 minutes. Add clam juice, wine and mustard seeds. Boil until li <END>
INPUT: cinnamon, unpeeled peaches, chocolate
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Brown-Sugar Peaches with White Chocolate | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 tablespoons (1/2 stick) unsalted butter, melted; 2 tablespoons (packed) dark brown sugar; 1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 4 unpeeled peaches, halved, pitted; 1/3 cup finely chopped white chocolate; 3 tablespoons coarsely chopped toasted salted pistachios | INSTRUCTIONS: Prepare barbecue (medium-high heat). Whisk first 3 ingredients in large bowl to blend. Add peach halves; toss to coat well. Place peaches, cut side down, on grill. Grill until slightly charred, about 1 minute. Using tongs, turn peaches over. Divide chopped white chocolate among peach cavities and drizzle remaining butter mixture from bowl over chocolate. Grill until chocolate just begins to melt and peaches are charred, about 2 minutes. Divide peach halves among bowls. Sprinkle with pistachios and serve. Prepare barbecue (medium-high heat). Whisk first 3 ingredients in large bowl to blend. Add <END>
INPUT: guid, guido, virgin olive oil, garlic, onion, bell pepper, rosemary
OUTPUT: TITLE: Guid-Olives or Guido-Lives | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 1/2 cup garlic cloves, cut in halves; 1/4 red onion, julienned; 1/4 red bell pepper, julienned; 2 fresh rosemary sprigs, cut in 1/2; 1/2 teaspoon red chili flakes; 1 teaspoon peppercorns; 1 cup large Spanish olives; 1/2 cup black olives, seeded; 1/2 cup kalamata or jumbo gaeta olives, seeded; 1/4 cup whole pepperoncini; 1/2 cup baby carrots; 3 tablespoons balsamic vinegar | INSTRUCTIONS: In a medium saute pan over medium-low heat, add the olive oil, garlic, onions, red bell peppers, rosemary, chili flakes, and peppercorns. Let saute for 10 minutes. Add olives, pepperoncini, carrots and vinegar, stir and simmer for 10 minutes over low heat. Serve warm. <END>
INPUT: oven, clams, Olive oil, Salt pepper, fingerling potatoes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Oven Roasted Monkfish with Clams and Merguez Sausage | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 (1-pound) monkfish tails, trimmed; Olive oil; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 12 fingerling potatoes, sliced in half, vertically; Olive oil; Salt and pepper; 1/2 pound merguez sausage; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1 small onion, finely sliced; 4 cloves garlic, finely sliced; 1 cup white wine; 4 cups clam broth; 12 New Zealand cockels; 2 plum tomatoes, pureed; 2 scallions, finely sliced | INSTRUCTIONS: For the monkfish: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. Heat 2 tablespoons of olive oil in a large saute pan over medium-high heat. Season the monkfish with salt and pepper to taste. Sear on both sides until lightly golden brown. Place the fish in a small roasting pan and roast in the oven for 12 to 15 minutes. For the potatoes: Preheat oven to 400 degrees. Toss potatoes in olive oil in season with salt and pepper to taste. Roast for 10 to 15 minutes, until just cooked through and lightly golden brown. . For the sausage: Preheat grill or grill pan. Grill the sausage until golden brown and cooked thro <END>
INPUT: lamb, kofto, Persian cucumbers, mint, garlic, Greek yogurt, Kosher salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Ground Lamb Kofto Kebabs with Pomegranate Glaze, Bengali-Spiced Potatoes and Persian Cucumber Raita | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 Persian cucumbers, sliced 1/4-inch thick (about 1 1/4 cups); 6 sprigs fresh mint, leaves picked and minced (about 1/4 cup); 1 clove garlic, minced; 1 cup Greek yogurt; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 Persian cucumbers, sliced 1/4-inch thick (about 1 1/4 cups); 6 sprigs fresh mint, leaves picked and minced (about 1/4 cup); 1 clove garlic, minced; 1 cup Greek yogurt; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 pound new potatoes; Kosher salt; 2 tablespoons canola oil; 2 tablespoons panch puran spice blend or Bengali five spice blend* (See Cook's Note); 1 medium red onion, thinly sliced | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: 12 (10-inch) bamboo skewers, soaked in water for 30 minutes For the raita: Mix the cucumber, mint, garlic, and yogurt together in a large bowl with plenty of salt and pepper, to taste. Cover and chill. For the potatoes: Fill a large pot with cool water and put over high heat. Add the potatoes and a hefty dose of salt. Bring to a boil, and then simmer until the potatoes are tender, about 20 minutes. Once the potatoes are cooked, drain and push them through a potato ricer. Heat the canola oil in a large saute pan over medium-high heat. Once shimmering, add the panch puran seas <END>
INPUT: beans, ketchup, sugar, water
OUTPUT: TITLE: Baked Beans | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 gallon baked beans; 1 quart ketchup; 1/4 pound brown sugar; 1 pint sugar; 1/4 cup water; 1 cup chopped green bell peppers; 1 cup chopped onions | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 450 degrees F. Mix all ingredients in large deep casserole dish. Bake until beans are golden brown, about 2 hours. <END>
INPUT: Italian, rocco, virgin olive oil, Italian bread crumbs, garlic, mushrooms
OUTPUT: TITLE: Rocco's Famous Chicken Marsala | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cups virgin olive oil; 9 (4-ounce) boneless skinless chicken breasts; 3 cups Italian bread crumbs; 3 tablespoons minced garlic; 6 cups fresh sliced mushrooms; 1 1/2 cups fresh chopped tomatoes; 3 tablespoons fresh chopped basil leaves; 1 1/2 cups Marsala wine; 3/4 cups half-and-half; 3/4 cups marinara sauce; 1 1/2 cups chicken broth; 1 pinch pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: For the Chicken Marsala: In a large saute pan, heat the olive oil on medium-high heat. Pound chicken breasts lightly on each side flipping twice. Place the bread crumbs in a shallow baking dish. Bread each breast by pushing down into bread crumbs and then flipping so both sides are breaded. Place the breasts in the hot pan and saute until lightly browned on each side. Drain the oil from the pan. The next 2 steps must be done quickly while pan is on the burner. Add the minced garlic to the hot pan, NOT on the chicken breasts. Add mushrooms, tomatoes, basil and marsala wine. Flip chicken breasts <END>
INPUT: Asian, pork shoulder, baking soda, tomato puree, Chinese dark vinegar, chili paste garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Shredded Pork with Garlic Sauce | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 10 ounces boneless pork shoulder; 1 teaspoon baking soda; 2 tablespoons tomato puree; 1 tablespoon Chinese dark vinegar*; 1 tablespoon chili paste with garlic*; 1 tablespoon water; 1 tablespoon sugar; 2 teaspoons Shoa Hsing or dry sherry; 2 teaspoons thin soy sauce; 1 teaspoon sesame oil; 1/2 teaspoon MSG; 1 teaspoon cornstarch (mixed with a few drops of water); 1/4 cup dried tree ears*; 4 cups peanut oil; 2 stalks celery, shredded | INSTRUCTIONS: Freeze pork slightly, and cut into long thin shreds. Mix with baking soda and water. Cover, and let sit (unrefrigerated) for 5 hours. When ready to cook, rinse pork and dry well. Prepare the sauce by mixing together tomato puree, vinegar, chili paste, water, sugar, Shoa Hsing, soy sauce, sesame oil, MSG, and cornstarch paste. Soak the tree ears in 1 cup of boiling water for 15 minutes and remove. Heat 4 cups of peanut oil in a wok to 375 degrees F. Add rinsed and dried pork, and deep fry for 30 seconds. Remove pork and place on paper towels. Let the oil return to 375 degrees and add shredded c <END>
INPUT: American, caramel, crunch, sugar, heavy cream, macadamia, log butter shortbread
OUTPUT: TITLE: Caramel Macadamia Nut Crunch | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup sugar; 1 cup heavy cream; 1 pound macadamia pieces, or whole nuts, roughly chopped; 1 chilled log of butter shortbread cookie dough | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. Preheat the oven to 325°F. Grease a baking sheet, preferably rimmed. 2. In a medium saucepan, combine sugar and 1/2 cup of water. Heat over medium heat until mixture begins to simmer, about 3 minutes. Cover the pan and continue to simmer, allowing steam from cooking mixture to wash down the sides of the pan. Remove cover and continue to simmer until the mixture turns golden, 7 to 8 minutes. Immediately remove from the stove, and, to avoid mixture bubbling over, carefully pour cream in a slow, steady stream into the pan; do not stir. Return the pot to the stove, reduce heat to low, and, usin <END>
INPUT: Italian, soup, asparagus, water, onions, unsalted butter, chicken broth
OUTPUT: TITLE: Asparagus Soup with Basil Cream | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 3 pounds asparagus, ends and tips cut off and reserved separately and stalks cut crosswise into 1-inch pieces; 2 1/2 cups water; 2 medium onions, chopped fine; 1 1/2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 2 cups chicken broth; 1/2 cup heavy cream; 1 1/2 cups packed fresh basil leaves; 1/2 teaspoon salt | INSTRUCTIONS: In a small saucepan simmer reserved asparagus ends in water, covered, 15 minutes. Remove and discard asparagus ends with slotted spoon and bring water to a boil. Add reserved asparagus tips and cook, uncovered, over high heat until crisp-tender, about 3 minutes. Transfer asparagus tips with slotted spoon to a colander, reserving cooking liquid, and rinse under cold water to stop cooking. Drain tips well. In a 4-quart heavy saucepan cook onions in butter with salt and pepper to taste over moderate heat, stirring until pale golden. Add asparagus stalk pieces, broth, and reserved cooking liquid a <END>
INPUT: Buckwheat noodles, unsalted butter, sour cream, caviar, snipped chives
OUTPUT: TITLE: Buckwheat Noodles with Red Caviar and Sour Cream | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 8 ounces dried Buckwheat noodles (soba); 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1/4 to 1/2 cup sour cream; 2 to 4 ounces red caviar (salmon roe); 2 tablespoons snipped fresh chives | INSTRUCTIONS: In a pot of boiling water cook soba for about 8 to 10 minutes or according to package directions. until done. While soba is cooking heat butter in a small skillet until it is golden brown; you want the flavor of the butter. Drain soba and return to saucepan and toss with golden butter and 4 tablespoons of sour cream, chives and half of caviar. Portion out and top with more sour cream and caviar if you wish. <END>
INPUT: Italian, vinaigrette, wine vinegar, lemon juice, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Lobster and Potatoes with Basil Vinaigrette | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 4 (1 1/4- to 1 1/2-pound) live lobsters; 2 pounds small (1 1/2- to 2-inch) boiling potatoes (preferably yellow-fleshed); 3 tablespoons red-wine vinegar; 5 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 3 garlic cloves, minced; 1/2 teaspoon dried hot red-pepper flakes, or to taste; 1 teaspoon sugar; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 2/3 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 1/2 cup chopped fresh basil; 1/2 pound baby arugula (about 10 cups loosely packed); Accompaniment: lemon wedges | INSTRUCTIONS: Plunge lobsters headfirst into a 12-quart pot of boiling salted water . Cook, covered, over high heat 4 minutes (for 1 1/4-lb lobster) to 5 minutes (for 1 1/2-lb lobster) from time they enter water. Transfer with tongs to a large colander to drain and cool. (Lobsters will not be fully cooked.) Return cooking water to a boil. Add potatoes to boiling water and simmer, uncovered, until just tender, 15 to 20 minutes. Drain in a colander. When lobsters are cool enough to handle, twist off claws (including knuckles) and crack with a meat mallet or rolling pin. Halve lobsters lengthwise using a large <END>
INPUT: Mexican, water, coarse kosher salt, bay leaves, allspice, peppercorns
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pork Chops Yucatán-Style | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups water; 3 tablespoons coarse kosher salt; 2 bay leaves; 1 teaspoon whole allspice; 1 teaspoon whole black peppercorns; 4 large bone-in rib pork chops; 1 11 3/4 x 8 1/2 x 1 1/4-inch disposable aluminum baking pan (to catch drips); 2 cups wood chips, soaked in water 1 hour; 4 6 x 3 3/4 x 2-inch disposable mini aluminum loaf pans (for wood chips, if using gas grill); 1 large white onion with skin, quartered through core with some core still attached to each piece; 1/2 cup fresh orange juice; 1/2 cup fresh lime juice; 1/4 cup coarsely chopped fresh cilantro plus 1/4 cup fresh cilantro leaves; 1/2 small green cabbage, thinly sliced; 1 avocado, halved, pitted, peeled, sliced | INSTRUCTIONS: Stir water, kosher salt, bay leaves, allspice, and black peppercorns in medium bowl until salt dissolves for brine. Arrange pork chops in 13 x 9 x 2-inch baking dish. Pour brine over. Cover and refrigerate 1 hour, turning occasionally. Stir water, kosher salt, bay leaves, allspice, and black peppercorns in medium bowl until salt dissolves for brine. Arrange pork chops in 13 x 9 x 2-inch baking dish. Pour brine over. Cover and refrigerate 1 hour, turning occasionally. For charcoal grill: Remove top rack from barbecue. Place 1 aluminum pan in center of lower grill rack for drip pan. Light brique <END>
INPUT: biscuits, flour, baking powder, sugar, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Buttermilk Biscuits with Jalapeno Jam | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 3/4 cups flour; 2 tablespoons baking powder; 1 teaspoon sugar; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/2 cup (1 stick); 3/4 cup buttermilk; 1 red bell pepper, seeded; 1 green bell pepper, seeded; 6 fresh red or green jalapeno chiles, seeded; 6 cups sugar; 1 1/2 cups white vinegar; 6 ounces liquid pectin | INSTRUCTIONS: For the biscuits: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees. In a mixing bowl, stir together the flour, baking powder, sugar, and salt. Cut in the butter, until the mixture resembles coarse meal. Make a well in the center and pour in the milk all at once. Stir just until a shaggy dough is formed. On a lightly floured surface, gently knead the dough 3 or 4 times. Pat out the dough 1/2 inch thickness. With a 3 inch round biscuit cutter or glass dipped in flour, cut out the dough and transfer to a baking sheet. (You can also cut out squares with a sharp paring knife.) Bake 10 to 12 minutes, until golden br <END>
INPUT: Mexican, salsa, mango, cilantro, onion, lime juice, serrano chili
OUTPUT: TITLE: Salmon with Chili-Mango Salsa | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 10-ounce mango, peeled, pitted, diced; 1/4 cup chopped fresh cilantro; 1/4 cup chopped red onion; 1 tablespoon fresh lime juice; 2 teaspoons minced seeded serrano chili; 1 teaspoon grated lime peel; 1 garlic clove, finely chopped; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 2 6-ounce salmon fillets | INSTRUCTIONS: Prepare barbecue (medium-high heat). Combine first 7 ingredients in small bowl; mix in 1 1/2 tablespoons oil. Season salsa with salt and pepper. Brush salmon with remaining 1/2 tablespoon oil. Grill until just opaque in center, about 5 minutes per side. Serve with salsa. Prepare barbecue (medium-high heat). Combine first 7 ingredients in small bowl; mix in 1 1/2 tablespoons oil. Season salsa with salt and pepper. Brush salmon with remaining 1/2 tablespoon oil. Grill until just opaque in center, about 5 minutes per side. Serve with salsa. <END>
INPUT: banana, coconut plating, sugar, lite coconut milk, imitation coconut extract, vanilla extract
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fried Banana with Lavender Honey and Five Spice Chocolate | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/3 cup shredded sweetened coconut plus 8 tablespoons for plating; 1/3 cup sugar; 1/2 cup lite coconut milk (the higher percentage of fat in regular will interfere with freezing); 1/4 teaspoon imitation coconut extract (recommended: McCormick); 1/4 teaspoon vanilla extract; 1/2 cup whole milk; 3/4 cup heavy cream; 2 tablespoons cocoa powder; 6 tablespoons lavender honey; 1/2 cup chocolate syrup; 2 teaspoons Chinese five-spice powder, placed into a sachet; 3 to 4 liters canola oil, or as needed for deep-frying; 1 1/2 cups all-purpose flour; 3/4 cup cornstarch; 4 1/2 teaspoons baking powder | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: Blender and Ice cream maker, preferably electric For the ice cream: Add 1 at a time through the feed opening of a running blender, shredded coconut, sugar, coconut milk, coconut extract, and vanilla extract. Pour into a bowl and stir in the milk and cream. Freeze in ice cream maker until desired consistency is achieved, about 20 to 25 minutes and reserve in freezer until needed. In a small saucepan, heat the chocolate syrup and the sachet of five-spice over low heat for 10 to 15 minutes to infuse flavors. Remove from heat and bring to room temperature. Heat oil in deep-fryer <END>
INPUT: Mexican, sugar, egg yolks, tequila, Zest lime
OUTPUT: TITLE: Berries with Sweet Tequila Cream | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups (1 pint) heavy cream; 1 cup sugar; 10 large egg yolks (save the whites for another use); 2 tablespoons tequila; Zest of 1 lime; 4 cups mixed fresh berries, such as strawberries, blackberries, blueberries and raspberries | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine the cream with 1/2 cup of the sugar in a medium saucepan over medium heat. Bring to a strong simmer just so tiny bubbles start to appear around the edges of the pan; don't let it boil. Meanwhile, in the bowl of a stand mixer using the whisk attachment, whisk together the egg yolks and remaining 1/2 cup sugar for about 1 minute. Whisk in the tequila. Now, with the mixer on medium low, very slowly drizzle in the warm cream using a metal measuring cup to scoop out small portions at a time. Drizzle it in so that the cream runs down the side of the bowl, reducing the impact of the hot cream <END>
INPUT: tempura, all purpose flour, cornstarch, baking powder, peanut, variety herbs edible
OUTPUT: TITLE: Herb Tempura | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups all-purpose flour; 2 tablespoons cornstarch; 2 teaspoons baking powder; 4 cups peanut, canola, or olive oil, for deep-frying; 36 pieces of a variety of herbs and edible flowers such as: parsley, nasturtium blossoms, basil, and shiso; Sea or coarse salt | INSTRUCTIONS: In a medium bowl, whisk together flour, cornstarch, and baking powder. Stir in 2 1/2 cups ice water, being careful not to over mix. Don't worry if batter is lumpy; it should be the consistency of heavy cream. If it's too thick, add more water, 1 tablespoon at a time. Heat oven to 175 degrees F. Heat oil in a 3-quart saucepan to 375 degrees F. Hold 1 herb or flower by the stem and dip it into batter. Lift it out and hold it for a moment over bowl to let excess drip off, then drop it in oil. Fry only as many herbs at a time as comfortably fit in the pan without touching. Adjust heat as needed to <END>
INPUT: saffron threads, good mayonnaise, lemon zest, lemon juice, Dijon mustard
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mussels with Saffron Mayonnaise | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 teaspoon saffron threads; 2/3 cup good mayonnaise, such as Hellmann's; 1 teaspoon grated lemon zest; 1 tablespoon freshly squeezed lemon juice; 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 3/4 teaspoon fleur de sel or sea salt; 1 1/2 pounds mussels, cleaned; 1/3 cup dry white wine | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. For the mayonnaise, soak the saffron in 1 tablespoon of hot water in a small bowl for 5 minutes. Whisk in the mayonnaise, lemon zest, lemon juice, mustard, 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt, and 1/4 teaspoon pepper and refrigerate until ready to use. For the mussels, combine the fleur de sel and 1/2 teaspoon pepper and set aside. Heat a large, dry (12-inch) cast iron skillet over high heat for 4 to 5 minutes, until very hot. Add the mussels in a single layer and cook them for one minute, until they start to open. Add the wine and continue cooking for 2 to 3 minutes, until <END>
INPUT: brazilian, torte, walnuts, almonds, firmly dark sugar, whipping cream
OUTPUT: TITLE: Brazilian Banana and White Chocolate Ice Cream Torte | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 cups walnuts (about 12 ounces); 1 cup whole almonds; 1/3 cup firmly packed dark brown sugar; 1/4 cup (1/2 stick) unsalted butter, melted, cooled; 3 cups whipping cream; 1 cup half and half; 3/4 cup sugar; 4 large egg yolks; 8 ounces imported white chocolate (such as Lindt), chopped; 1 1/2 pounds very ripe bananas; 3 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 3/4 cup whipping cream; 1/4 cup light corn syrup; 8 ounces bittersweet (not unsweetened) or semisweet chocolate, chopped; 3 large ripe bananas, peeled, cut on diagonal into 1/4-inch-wide slices | INSTRUCTIONS: For crust: Preheat oven to 350°F. Finely chop all nuts with sugar in processor. Add butter and blend until well combined. Press mixture firmly onto sides, then bottom of 9-inch-diameter springform pan with 2 3/4-inch-high sides. Freeze 10 minutes. Bake until light brown, about 20 minutes. Cool on rack. Preheat oven to 350°F. Finely chop all nuts with sugar in processor. Add butter and blend until well combined. Press mixture firmly onto sides, then bottom of 9-inch-diameter springform pan with 2 3/4-inch-high sides. Freeze 10 minutes. Bake until light brown, about 20 minutes. Cool on rack. For <END>
INPUT: cakes, speck, russet potatoes, thyme, pepper, all purpose flour
OUTPUT: TITLE: Potato Cakes with Smoked Salmon | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 pound speck, or bacon, cubed; 4 large russet potatoes; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh thyme; Freshly ground black pepper; 1 tablespoon all-purpose flour; Vegetable oil, for frying; 2 tablespoons butter; Salt; 12 slices smoked salmon; Salad, recipe follows; 4 tablespoons creme fraiche; 1 teaspoon honey mustard; 1/2 lemon, juiced; 1 teaspoon grated horseradish; 1 tablespoon minced fresh cilantro leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat a large non-stick skillet over high heat. Add the speck, or bacon, to the hot pan. The pan needs to be very hot so that the speck is crispy. When cooked through and crispy, remove the speck and let drain on paper towels. Grate the potatoes on a mandoline adjusted to the julienne setting. Do not grate them ahead of time, or they will turn color. Wring the potatoes out with your hands to get rid of excess moisture. In a medium bowl, combine the shredded potatoes, thyme, pepper, and speck mixing with your hands. Add flour to the mixture to bind it. Form the potato mixture into 4 patties. In  <END>
INPUT: Italian, salad, bowtie pasta, Kosher salt, edamame, carrots, broccoli crown
OUTPUT: TITLE: Bow Tie Pasta Salad | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound bowtie pasta; Kosher salt; 1 cup frozen edamame (out of the pods); 2 carrots, sliced into 1/2-inch chunks; One 12-ounce broccoli crown, cut into bite-size florets; 1 cup shredded part-skim mozzarella; 1 cup grape tomatoes, halved (preferably yellow and red); 3 tablespoons olive oil; 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar; 1/3 cup mayonnaise; 1 teaspoon sugar; 1 large clove garlic, minced; Freshly ground black pepper; 3 green onions, thinly sliced | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Add the pasta to a large pot of boiling salted water. Set a timer and cook the pasta for 3 minutes less than it says on the back of the box. When the timer goes off, add the edamame and carrots and cook for 2 minutes longer. Next add the broccoli, and continue boiling for 1 more minute. Drain the pasta and veggies in a colander in the sink. Rinse well under cold water to stop the cooking. Make sure to drain off all the liquid. Add the pasta mixture to the large bowl along with the shredded cheese and cherry tomatoes. In a small bowl, whisk together the oil and vi <END>
INPUT: American, barbecue, sandwiches, hoisin sauce, spicy ketchup, spicy dill pickles, honey, pork cutlets
OUTPUT: TITLE: Hoisin Barbecue Pork Sandwiches | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1/3 cup hoisin sauce; 1/3 cup spicy ketchup; 2 spicy dill pickles (1 chopped, 1 sliced), plus 2 tablespoons brine from the jar; 1 tablespoon honey; 1 pound pork cutlets (about 1/4 inch thick); 3 cups broccoli slaw mix (about 6 ounces); 3 tablespoons mayonnaise; 4 scallions, thinly sliced; Kosher salt; Vegetable oil, for the grill; 1 baguette, cut into 4 pieces and split; Root vegetable chips, for serving | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat a grill to medium high. Combine the hoisin sauce, ketchup, pickle brine and honey in a large bowl. Transfer half of the mixture to a separate large bowl; add the pork and marinate, 5 minutes. Add the mayonnaise to the remaining hoisin sauce mixture and whisk until smooth. Add the broccoli slaw, scallions and chopped pickle; season with salt and toss to coat. Set aside. Brush the grill grates with vegetable oil. Remove the pork from the marinade and grill until marked and cooked through, about 3 minutes per side; transfer to a cutting board. Toast the baguette on the grill, cut-side dow <END>
INPUT: Mexican, kebabs, olive oil, cumin, pepper, salt, cinnamon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Lamb Kebabs with Cumin and Cinnamon | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup olive oil; 1 teaspoon ground cumin; 1 teaspoon ground black pepper; 3/4 teaspoon salt; 1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1 3 1/2-pound sirloin half leg of lamb, bone removed, fat trimmed, meat cut into 1 1/4- to 1 1/2-inch pieces; 6 12-inch metal skewers | INSTRUCTIONS: Whisk oil, cumin, pepper, salt and cinnamon in 13x9x2-inch glass baking dish. Add lamb to dish and toss to coat well with oil mixture. Let marinate at room temperature 1 hour or refrigerate 1 1/2 to 4 hours, tossing occasionally. Prepare barbecue (medium heat) or preheat broiler. Thread lamb pieces onto skewers, dividing equally (about 5 pieces per skewer). Grill or broil lamb to desired doneness, turning occasionally, about 6 minutes for medium-rare. Whisk oil, cumin, pepper, salt and cinnamon in 13x9x2-inch glass baking dish. Add lamb to dish and toss to coat well with oil mixture. Let marin <END>
INPUT: Italian, tuscan, soup, virgin olive oil, onions, garlic, Italian seasoning
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tuscan Tomato Soup with Basil | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 (28-ounce) can whole peeled tomatoes with basil, pureed (recommended: Progresso); 1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil; 1 cup frozen chopped onions (recommended: Ore-Ida); 1 teaspoon crushed garlic; 1 1/2 teaspoons Italian seasoning; 1 cup white wine, preferably Chardonnay; 2 tablespoons freshly chopped basil leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: Put tomatoes in a blender and puree; set aside. In a medium pot, heat olive oil, over medium-high heat. Add onions and garlic. Saute for 1 to 2 minutes. Add pureed tomatoes, Italian seasoning, and wine. Bring to a boil. Reduce heat and simmer for 5 minutes. Serve Tuscan Tomato soup hot, garnished with chopped basil. <END>
INPUT: strudel, cinnamon, Golden Delicious apples, lemon, raisins, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Puff Pastry Apple and Raisin Strudel | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 2 large Golden Delicious apples, peeled, cored and sliced 1/8 to 1/4-inch thick; 1 lemon, juiced; 1 cup raisins; 1/4 cup sugar, plus 3 tablespoons; 2 tablespoons cold butter, cut into small pieces, plus 2 tablespoons butter, melted; All-purpose flour, for dusting; 1 sheet frozen puff pastry, thawed | INSTRUCTIONS: Position an oven rack in the center of the oven and preheat to 375 degrees F. In a medium bowl, toss the sliced apples with the lemon juice until the apples are thoroughly coated. Add the raisins, 1/4 cup sugar, and the 2 tablespoons cold cubed butter and toss well. Set aside. Lightly dust the counter or work surface with flour. Lay the puff pastry on top and dust the rolling pin with additional flour. Gently roll the puff pastry to 1/8-inch thickness. Spread the apple and raisin mixture over the bottom half of the puff pastry square leaving about 1-inch of space along the side edges. Fold the <END>
INPUT: frosting, powdered sugar, milk, pure vanilla extract, semisweet chocolate chips
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate Frosting | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup (1 stick) butter, at room temperature; 3 cups powdered sugar; 1/4 cup whole milk, at room temperature; 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract; 1/3 cup semisweet chocolate chips, such as Ghirardelli | INSTRUCTIONS: In a medium bowl, using an electric hand mixer, beat the butter until light and smooth. Beat in the powdered sugar, milk and vanilla until smooth and creamy. Place the chocolate chips in a small bowl and place over a small pan of barely simmering water. Heat, stirring occasionally, until the chocolate is melted and smooth, about 2 minutes. Remove the pan from the heat. Add the melted chocolate to the vanilla frosting and stir until smooth. <END>
INPUT: Italian, Kosher salt, farfalle pasta, virgin olive oil, anchovy paste, pepper flakes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spicy Garlic and Anchovy Farfalle | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: Kosher salt; 1 pound farfalle pasta; 1/2 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 1 tablespoon anchovy paste; 1/2 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes; 3 cloves garlic, finely chopped; 5 cups baby spinach leaves (about 6 ounces); 1/2 cup plain breadcrumbs; 1/3 cup freshly grated Parmesan | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil over high heat. Add the pasta and cook until tender but still firm to the bite, stirring occasionally, 8 to 10 minutes. Drain and reserve about 1 cup of the pasta water. In a 12-inch nonstick skillet, heat 1/4 cup of the extra-virgin oil over medium heat. Add the anchovy paste, red pepper flakes and garlic. Cook until aromatic, 2 minutes. Add the spinach and 3/4 teaspoon salt, and cook until wilted, about 3 minutes. Add the breadcrumbs and cook until lightly toasted, 2 to 3 minutes. In a large serving bowl, toss together the breadcrumb mixture, cooke <END>
INPUT: Asian, limes, unfiltered sake
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sake Steamed Bass | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 4 pieces, about 4 inches long, lemongrass stalks; 2 limes, sliced into thin rounds; 1 (4-inch) piece fresh ginger, cut lengthwise into thin strips; 4 (6-ounce) skin-on center cut striped bass fillets, bones removed; 1 cup unfiltered sake; Kosher salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Prepare the lemongrass by removing the outer tough leaves to reveal the white center. Smash each stalk with the back of a knife to release the oils and flavor. Lay the sliced limes in the bottom of a large baking dish. Evenly space the lemongrass pieces on top of the limes and lay the ginger strips evenly around the lemongrass. Arrange the fillets directly on top, pour the sake over the fish and season with salt. Cover the dish with aluminum foil and bake until the fish is firm, opaque in the center, and beginning to flake, abou <END>
INPUT: Mexican, limes, tequila, olive oil, kosher salt, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tequila Lime Chicken | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 4 limes; 1 cup tequila; 1/4 cup olive oil; 2 teaspoons kosher salt; 5 cloves garlic; 1 jalapeno, sliced; 1/2 bunch chopped fresh cilantro; 12 boneless, skinless chicken breasts; 2 cups grated Monterey Jack; Corn tortillas; Flour tortillas; Grated Monterey Jack; Pico de gallo; Jalapeno slices; Lime wedges | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Slice open the limes and squeeze the juice into a food processor or blender. Add the tequila, olive oil, salt, garlic, jalapenos and cilantro. Blend the mixture until totally combined. Add the chicken to a large plastic bag and pour in the lime-tequila mixture. Seal the bag and marinate in the fridge for several hours or overnight. Remove the chicken from the bag and grill it over medium-high heat. Rotate the chicken 45-degrees on both sides to create nice grill marks, and continue grilling until the chicken is cooked through, 4 to 5 minutes per side. Melt the Mo <END>
INPUT: Asian, spice, rubbed, lemongrass, lime juice, unseasoned rice vinegar, sugar, kaffir lime leaves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spice-Rubbed Chicken with Kumquat-Lemongrass Dressing | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cups sliced lemongrass* (6 stalks); 1/2 cup fresh lime juice; 1/4 cup unseasoned rice vinegar; 1/4 cup sugar; 1 tablespoon finely chopped kaffir lime leaves* or 1 tablespoon finely grated lime peel; 2 tablespoons vegetable oil; 1/2 cup chopped shallots (2 to 3 large); 1/2 cup chopped peeled fresh ginger; 1 1/2 cups thinly sliced kumquats, seeded; 1 red Thai chile, sliced into thin rounds; 2 tablespoons sugar; 4 teaspoons turmeric; 1 teaspoon cayenne pepper; 3 boned chicken halves (from 3 1/3-pound chickens) or 3 boneless chicken breast halves with skin and 6 boneless chicken thighs with skin; Chopped fresh cilantro | INSTRUCTIONS: For dressing: Bring first 5 ingredients to boil in medium saucepan over high heat, stirring until sugar dissolves. Cool lemongrass syrup; strain into small bowl. Heat oil in large saucepan over medium heat. Add shallots and ginger; sauté 5 minutes. Add kumquats and lemongrass syrup; simmer 1 minute. Remove from heat. Mix in chile; cool. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Bring first 5 ingredients to boil in medium saucepan over high heat, stirring until sugar dissolves. Cool lemongrass syrup; strain into small bowl. Heat oil in large saucepan over medium heat. Add shallots and ginger; sauté <END>
INPUT: Mexican, basmati rice, flaked coconut, ginger, jalapeño including seeds, vegetable oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cilantro Coconut Rice | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 3 cups basmati rice (20 ounces); 3/4 cup sweetened flaked coconut; 1 tablespoon finely chopped peeled fresh ginger; 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh jalapeño including seeds (from 1 chile); 3 tablespoons vegetable oil; 4 cups water; 1 teaspoon salt; 2 cups packed fresh cilantro sprigs; 4 scallions, chopped (1 cup) | INSTRUCTIONS: Put oven rack in middle position and preheat oven to 350°F. Wash rice in several changes of cold water in a bowl until water is almost clear. Soak rice in cold water 30 minutes, then drain well in a sieve. Spread coconut in a shallow baking pan and toast in oven, stirring occasionally, until pale golden, 10 to 12 minutes. Cool completely. Cook ginger and jalapeño in 1 tablespoon oil in a 4-quart heavy pot over moderate heat, stirring, until chile is softened, about 2 minutes. Add rice and cook, stirring, until fragrant, about 2 minutes. Stir in water and 1/2 teaspoon salt and bring to a boil,  <END>
INPUT: Italian, bake, PAM® Original No, original baking mix, reduced fat, skim mozzarella cheese
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chef Boyardee® Pepperoni Spaghetti Bake | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: PAM® Original No-Stick Cooking Spray; 1-1/4 cups original baking mix; 1/2 cup reduced fat (2%) milk; 2 cans (14.5 oz each) Chef Boyardee® Spaghetti & Meatballs; 3/4 cup shredded part-skim mozzarella cheese, divided; 1/3 cup sliced turkey pepperoni | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F. Spray 13x9-inch glass baking dish with cooking spray. Combine baking mix and milk in medium bowl; stir until soft dough forms. Drop dough by spoonfuls on bottom of baking dish (will not completely cover bottom). Spoon 1 can spaghetti and meatballs over dough and sprinkle with 1/2 cup cheese. Top with remaining can spaghetti and meatballs, remaining 1/4 cup cheese and pepperoni. Bake 20 to 25 minutes or until dough is done in centers and browned. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, salad, coffee, chipotle chile powder, kosher salt, sugar, coriander
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chipotle-Coffee Steak Salad With Grilled Corn and Tomatoes | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2 teaspoons finely ground coffee; 1 teaspoon chipotle chile powder; 3 teaspoons kosher salt, divided; 1 1/2 teaspoons brown sugar, divided; 1 teaspoon ground coriander, divided; 2 (8–10-ounce) New York strip steaks; 3 tablespoons olive oil, plus more for brushing; 2 ears of corn, husked; 1 pint cherry tomatoes; 3 tablespoons fresh lime juice (from about 2 limes); 2 heads of romaine hearts, torn (about 8 cups); 3/4 cup Pickled Onions; 1/2 cup crumbled Cotija or feta cheese (about 2.5 ounces); 1/2 cup coarsely chopped cilantro, plus more for serving | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine coffee, chile powder, 2 tsp. salt, 1 tsp. brown sugar, and 1/2 tsp. coriander in a wide shallow bowl. Coat steaks evenly with rub. Let rest at room temperature 1–2 hours. Prepare a grill for medium-high heat or heat grill pan over medium-high; oil grate or pan. Grill steaks, turning occasionally, until lightly charred and an instant-read thermometer inserted into the center registers 120°F, 8–10 minutes for medium-rare. Transfer to a cutting board; let rest at least 15 minutes before thinly slicing. Meanwhile, lightly brush corn and tomatoes with oil. Grill, turning often, until tender <END>
INPUT: Indian, flour, Salt pepper, peanut oil, spare, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Braised Spare Ribs | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup flour; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 4 ounces peanut oil; 3 pounds spare ribs, cut into bones; 1 onion, chopped; 2 cloves garlic, minced; 1 tablespoon cayenne; 1 tablespoon ground coriander; 1 tablespoon ground cumin; 2 ounces tomato puree; 2 ounces red wine vinegar; 2 cups beef stock; 1 quart veal stock | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F. Season flour with salt and pepper and dust ribs with it. Knock off any remaining flour and heat up oil. Brown ribs in oil and set aside. Saute, over low heat, the onions and garlic until translucent. Add spices and stir. Add the puree, red wine vinegar, and beef stock and bring to a simmer. Place ribs in braising pan and cover with the seasoned beef stock and veal stock. Cover with foil. Place in the oven for 2 1/2 hours or until ribs are tender. <END>
INPUT: American, mayonnaise, soft sandwich bread, cheese, Kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sheet-Pan Grilled Cheese | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 6 tablespoons mayonnaise; 12 slices soft white sandwich bread; 3 cups coarsely grated cheese (such as Monterey Jack, cheddar, mozzarella, or a mix; about 12 ounces); Kosher salt, freshly ground black pepper; 2 (13x18") rimmed baking sheets | INSTRUCTIONS: Position rimmed baking sheet on a rack in middle of oven and preheat to 450°F. Spread about 1 1/2 tsp. mayonnaise on one side of each slice of bread. Arrange 6 slices, mayo side down, on second inverted rimmed baking sheet. Mound 1/2 cup cheese in the center of each slice, season with salt and pepper, and top each with remaining bread slices, mayo side up. Using oven mitts, carefully remove preheated baking sheet from oven and place, rimmed side up, on top of sandwiches, then, holding both rimmed baking sheets together, return to oven. Bake until bread is browned and cheese is melted, about 15 <END>
INPUT: American, ember, leaf, Kosher salt, Sugar, carrots, olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Ember-Grilled Steak with Bay Leaf Browned Butter | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 (2-pound) bone-in rib-eye steak (1 1/2–2 inches thick); Kosher salt; Sugar; 1 bunch carrots, scrubbed, patted dry; 1 tablespoon olive oil; 1/2 cup (1 stick) unsalted butter; 1/4 cup bay leaves (from one 1/4-ounce jar); Flaky sea salt; A fireplace, seasoned hardwood logs (such as oak), and 2 bricks | INSTRUCTIONS: Generously season steak with kosher salt and sprinkle both sides with a little sugar. Place on a wire rack set inside a rimmed baking sheet; chill, uncovered, overnight. Let steak sit 1 hour to come to room temperature before cooking. Prepare a medium-hot fire, ideally without the grate in the fireplace. Keep at least a few logs burning at all times, replenishing as needed, until there is a large base of glowing red coals under the fire, 1 1/2���2 hours. Meanwhile, toss carrots with oil in a large cast-iron skillet; season with kosher salt. Set skillet on hearth a few inches in front of any co <END>
INPUT: halibut fillets, Salt pepper, olive oil, cherry tomatoes half, capers
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lemon-Caper Braised Halibut | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 halibut fillets (about 5 ounces each); Salt and black pepper; 1 teaspoon olive oil; 1 1/2 cups cherry tomatoes cut in half; 2 tablespoons capers, drained and rinsed; 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 4 cups baby spinach; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh flat-leaf parsley; 2 slices whole-grain bread or 2 chunks whole-grain baguette | INSTRUCTIONS: Season the halibut with salt and pepper. Coat a medium nonstick skillet with cooking spray; place over medium-high heat. Add the fish; cook for 5 minutes per side, until cooked through. Transfer to a platter and cover to keep warm. Reduce the heat to low. Add the oil, tomatoes, capers, and lemon juice; cook for 1 minute, stirring. Arrange the spinach on 2 serving plates; top with the fish. Spoon the sauce over the halibut and garnish with the parsley. Serve with the bread. Season the halibut with salt and pepper. Coat a medium nonstick skillet with cooking spray; place over medium-high heat. A <END>
INPUT: etouffee, onions, garlic, margarine, cream celery soup, cream shrimp soup
OUTPUT: TITLE: Crawfish Etouffee | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 5 large onions, diced; 3 cloves garlic, finely chopped; 1 pound margarine (recommended: Parkay brand); 1 can cream of celery soup; 1 can cream of shrimp soup (to replace crawfish "fat" which is no longer sold); 5 pounds Louisiana crawfish tails, peeled; Creole seasoning (recommended: Tony Chachere Original Creole Seasoning); Cooked white rice | INSTRUCTIONS: In a magnalite pot or a pot with a thick bottom, saute onions and garlic in margarine over medium to medium low heat until onions are transparent. Add cream of celery and cream of shrimp soups and cook for 15 minutes over medium heat. Stir as needed to eliminate sticking. Stir in crawfish tails and continue to cook over medium heat. Add Creole seasoning to taste. Stir often to mix ingredients and to keep from sticking to pan. Simmer for 20-30 minutes. Thin with a little water if etouffee is too thick. Serve in a plate over white rice. Etouffee also freezes well. <END>
INPUT: Indian, fish, mahi mahi fillets, Thai curry paste, zest lime, vegetable oil, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Thai Fish Curry | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 pounds skinless mahi mahi fillets, cut into 1 1/2-inch pieces; 2 tablespoons Thai green curry paste; Finely grated zest of 1 lime; 1 tablespoon vegetable oil; 1 large onion, thinly sliced; 2 red bell peppers, thinly sliced; 1 jalapeno pepper, thinly sliced (remove seeds for less heat); Kosher salt; 1 20-ounce package cubed peeled butternut squash (about 4 cups); 1 cup light coconut milk (about half of a 14-ounce can); 1 cup chopped fresh cilantro; 3 cups cooked rice | INSTRUCTIONS: Rub the fish with 1 tablespoon curry paste and the lime zest in a bowl. Cover and refrigerate while you cook the vegetables. Heat the vegetable oil in a large saucepan over medium-high heat. Add the onion, bell peppers, half of the jalapeno and a pinch of salt. Cook, stirring, until the vegetables are just crisp-tender, about 2 minutes. Add the remaining 1 tablespoon curry paste and cook, stirring, until lightly browned, about 1 minute. Add the squash, coconut milk and 2 cups water to the saucepan and stir to combine. Bring to a boil, then cover, reduce the heat to medium low and simmer until  <END>
INPUT: carrots, Olive oil, unsalted butter, Kosher salt pepper, dill
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Carrots with Dill | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 8-10 large carrots; Olive oil; 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, cut into small pieces (optional); Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh dill | INSTRUCTIONS: In a roasting pan, toss carrots with enough olive oil to coat. Top with butter, kosher salt, and pepper. Roast in a 425°F oven to desired tenderness, then turn the broiler to high and cook carrots until lightly browned. Sprinkle fresh dill over carrots. In a roasting pan, toss carrots with enough olive oil to coat. Top with butter, kosher salt, and pepper. Roast in a 425°F oven to desired tenderness, then turn the broiler to high and cook carrots until lightly browned. Sprinkle fresh dill over carrots. <END>
INPUT: bolognese, unsalted butter, virgin olive oil, carrot, onion, celery
OUTPUT: TITLE: Bolognese Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1 large carrot, finely chopped; 1 onion, finely chopped; 1 large celery stalk, finely chopped; 2 dried chili peppers, crushed; Sprig fresh rosemary; 1/2 pound ground beef; 1/2 pound ground pork; 1 cup white wine; 3 cups tomato sauce or La Salsa di 5 Minuti, recipe follows; 3 basil leaves, torn; Salt; 4 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1 medium onion, finely chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: In a hot saucepan, melt the unsalted butter in the olive oil, and add the carrots, onion, celery, and chili peppers. Cook the ingredients over medium heat, until they are soft. Add a sprig of rosemary. Add the ground beef and pork, and cook until golden brown. Remove the rosemary sprig, and add the white wine. Let the wine reduce. Add the 'tomato sauce or La Salsa di 5 Minuti, and let simmer on low heat for 1 hour. Before serving, add basil leaves and salt to season. Serve immediately. Heat the olive oil in a saucepan and add the onion, garlic, and chili peppers. Gently fry ingredients togethe <END>
INPUT: prime roast, Kosher salt, pepper, beef stock
OUTPUT: TITLE: Prime Rib Roast with Red Wine Au Jus | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: One 6- to 7-pound bone-in prime rib roast; Kosher salt; Coarsely ground black pepper; 1 stick (8 tablespoons) unsalted butter; 4 cups beef stock; 2 cups red wine; 1 sprig fresh rosemary, leaves removed from stem and chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F. Season the prime rib roast liberally with salt and pepper, then place it on a rack set inside a roasting pan and roast for 30 minutes. Turn down the oven temperature to 350 degrees F and roast until an instant-read thermometer inserted into the thickest part of the roast reads 130 degrees F for medium-rare, about 1 1/2 hours. Transfer the meat to a platter and tent with foil to keep warm. Place the roasting pan on top of the stove. Turn 2 burners to high heat, add the butter to the pan and use a wooden spoon to stir and scrape t <END>
INPUT: shortbread, unsalted butter, vanilla extract, salt, confectioners' sugar, all purpose flour
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate Chip Shortbread | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 sticks unsalted butter, at room temperature; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 3/4 cup confectioners' sugar; 2 cups all-purpose flour, plus more for dusting; 1 cup semisweet chocolate chips | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line a 9-inch-square baking pan with foil, leaving a 2-inch overhang on 2 sides. Beat the butter, vanilla and salt in a large bowl with a mixer on medium speed until smooth and creamy, about 2 minutes. Reduce the mixer speed to low; add the confectioners' sugar and beat until just incorporated. Add the flour in 2 batches and beat until smooth. Stir in 1/2 cup chocolate chips with a wooden spoon. Lightly dust your hands with flour and press the dough into the prepared pan. Score the top with a knife to make 9 strips, then score the strips in half to make 18 pi <END>
INPUT: American, loaf brioche, milk, eggs, truffle, morel mushrooms
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mushroom and Cheese Brioche | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound loaf brioche; 4 cups milk; 6 eggs; 1 truffle, sliced, optional; 2 cups sliced morel mushrooms; 2 cups chopped button mushrooms; 2 cups sliced oyster mushrooms; 1 shallot, minced; 4 cups grated Gruyere cheese; Salt and freshly grated black pepper; 6 eggs; 1 tablespoon white vinegar; 1 cup microgreens; 1 tablespoon olive oil; Salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: For the mushroom and cheese brioche: Cut the brioche into 1-inch cubes. In a large bowl, whisk together the milk and eggs. Season with salt and pepper. Add the cubed brioche, truffle peelings, and chopped thyme to the bowl. Cover with plastic wrap and put in the refrigerator for 4 hours or overnight. In a skillet over medium-high heat, saute the morels, button, and oyster mushrooms with the shallots for 2 minutes. Season with salt and pepper. Add 1/2 the Gruyere cheese to the brioche mixture, then add the mushroom- shallot mixture to brioche and cheese mixture. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees  <END>
INPUT: battered, asparagus, buttermilk, eggs, beer, all purpose flour
OUTPUT: TITLE: Beer-battered Asparagus with Garlic Aioli | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 bunch medium asparagus, ends trimmed; 2 cups buttermilk; 2 eggs, separated; 3/4 cup beer, lager or pale ale; 3/4 cup all-purpose flour; 3/4 cup white cornmeal; 1 teaspoon salt; 1/2 teaspoon cayenne pepper; 1/2 teaspoon black pepper; 4 cups peanut oil; Sea salt; Garlic Aioli, recipe follows; 1 cup mayonnaise; 1/3 cup fresh lemon juice; 1/2 tablespoon Dijon mustard | INSTRUCTIONS: In shallow pan, soak asparagus in buttermilk 12 to 24 hours. Remove from buttermilk, but do not rinse. In a large bowl, combine well the egg yolks, beer, flour, cornmeal, salt, cayenne pepper and black pepper. In large deep sided pot, heat oil to 350 degrees F. Meanwhile, in a large clean bowl with an electric mixer, beat egg whites to stiff peaks. Gently fold beaten egg whites into batter mixture. Dip spears, 1 at a time into batter, then carefully lay in oil. Do not overcrowd pan. Fry in batches, if necessary. Fry for 2 to 3 minutes, turning the spears with tongs to ensure even cooking. Drai <END>
INPUT: Mexican, soup, avocados, onion, garlic, chipotle chile adobo, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Avocado-Lime Soup with Chipotle Chile | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2 ripe avocados, cubed; 2/3 cup chopped red onion; 2 large cloves garlic, chopped; 2 teaspoons chopped canned chipotle chile in adobo sauce; 3/4 teaspoon salt; 1/2 teaspoon ground cumin; 2 1/2 cups nonfat plain yogurt; 1/4 cup chopped fresh cilantro; 3 tablespoons fresh lime juice; 4 lime-flavored (or plain) tortilla chips; 1/4 cup store-bought salasa | INSTRUCTIONS: Pulse avocados, onion, garlic, chile, salt and cumin in a food processor until pureed. Add yogurt and cilantro; pulse until well combined. Transfer avocado mixture to a bowl. Stir in 1/2 cup ice water and lime juice. (Thin with more water, if desired.) Cover and chill until cold, 1 hour. Divide soup among 4 bowls; garnish with chips and salsa before serving. Pulse avocados, onion, garlic, chile, salt and cumin in a food processor until pureed. Add yogurt and cilantro; pulse until well combined. Transfer avocado mixture to a bowl. Stir in 1/2 cup ice water and lime juice. (Thin with more water, <END>
INPUT: tamales, masa, water, baking powder, vegetable shortening, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Strawberry Tamales | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 10 pounds masa (cornmeal flour); 1/4 cup water; 3 heaping tablespoons baking powder; 4 cups vegetable shortening, boiled and cooled; 4 cups sugar; 2 cups brown sugar; 2 cups strawberry/raspberry drink concentrate; 1/4 cup strawberry marmalade; 4 to 6 dozen dried corn husks; 2 cups fresh strawberries, sliced; Waxed paper sheets | INSTRUCTIONS: Place 10 pounds of masa in a large plastic mixing bowl. Mix 1/4 cup water with baking powder in a cup held over the bowl with the dry masa until it fizzes, then pour mixture evenly over masa. Melt 4 cups vegetable shortening in a large saucepan and allow to cool. Pour evenly over masa and knead masa with hands. Add sugar, brown sugar, drink concentrate and strawberry marmalade and work masa with a hand blender to mix evenly. When it starts to feel thick and compact (like fudge) it¿s ready. Pat down in bowl and set aside. To assemble the tamales, soak dried corn husks in warm water for about an <END>
INPUT: water, sized zucchini, sized summer squash, achiote oil, Salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Broccolini with Grilled Zucchini and Summer Squash | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 quarts water; 2 medium sized zucchini, bias cut; 2 medium sized summer squash, bias cut; 3 ounces achiote oil (olive oil with 1/4 teaspoon annatto seed), divided; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 8 ounces broccolini; 2 tablespoons pine nuts; 2 cloves garlic, thinly sliced; 4 cherry tomatoes, halved; 1 tablespoon butter; 1/2 ounce aged balsamic vinegar, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring water to a boil. Preheat grill to high heat. Toss zucchini and squash in 1 ounce achiote oil and season with salt and pepper. Set aside. Drop broccolini in boiling water for 2 minutes or until slightly wilted while preserving color. Place seasoned zucchini and squash on hot grill. Cook for 2 minutes on each side. Set aside. Heat a saute pan over low heat. Add pine nuts and toast lightly. Set aside. Add remaining 2 ounces achiote oil to the heated saute pan. Add the blanched broccolini and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper. Increase to medium-high heat. Add sliced garlic an <END>
INPUT: Indian, stir, peanut oil, carrot, beans, vegetable stock, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Red Curry Chicken Stir-Fry | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons peanut oil; 1 medium carrot, peeled and thinly sliced; 8 ounces green beans, trimmed; 2 tablespoons plus 1/4 cup vegetable stock; 1 clove garlic, finely chopped; 1 tablespoon peeled and grated fresh ginger; 2 Fresno chiles, sliced (leave seeds in for heat if desired); 2 tablespoons prepared red curry paste (or Thai-style chili paste); 2 to 3 kaffir lime leaves, julienned; 6 boneless, skinless chicken thighs, sliced 1/2-inch thick; 1/4 cup coconut milk; 5 shiitake mushrooms, sliced; 2 scallions, sliced, green and light parts separated; 1 handful bean sprouts, plus more for garnish; 2 tablespoons fish sauce | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat a wok over high heat. When the wok begins to smoke, add 1 tablespoon of the peanut oil. Add the carrots and green beans and stir-fry for 1 minute. Splash in 2 tablespoons stock to facilitate cooking and stir-fry for another minute. Transfer to a plate and set aside. Wipe the wok dry and return to the heat. When the wok is hot, add the remaining 2 tablespoons peanut oil. Add the garlic, ginger and half the chiles and stir-fry for less than 1 minute. Add the curry paste and stir-fry for 1 to 2 minutes. Add the kaffir lime leaves and chicken and stir-fry until the chicken has browned, 2 to 3 <END>
INPUT: Italian, casserole, pesto, baby Italian eggplants, Canola oil, Kosher salt pepper, grilled roasted peppers, pine nuts
OUTPUT: TITLE: Eggplant Casserole with Red Pepper Pesto and Cajun Breadcrumbs | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 8 baby Italian eggplants, sliced lengthwise 1-inch thick; Canola oil; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 4 grilled or roasted red peppers, skin and seeds removed and chopped; 3 tablespoons pine nuts; 3 cloves garlic; 2 teaspoons fresh thyme leaves; 1/2 cup olive oil; 3/4 cup grated Parmesan; 1 pound fresh mozzarella, thinly sliced, weighted for a for a few hours to remove excess liquid; 2 tablespoons fresh oregano leaves; 1/2 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 1/4 cup canola oil; 2 cloves garlic, smashed to a paste; 1 teaspoon Spanish paprika | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. For the casserole: Heat a charcoal grill to medium-high heat. Brush the eggplant with canola oil on both sides and season with salt and pepper. Grill until lightly golden brown and just cooked through, about 3 minutes per side. Combine the peppers, pine nuts, garlic, and thyme in a food processor and process until coarsely chopped. With the motor running, slowly the cup olive oil and process until emulsified. Add 1/4 cup Parmesan and some salt and pepper and pulse a few times to incorporate. Spoon about 1/2 cup of the pesto over the bottom of a baking dish. Line  <END>
INPUT: American, bittersweet, unsalted butter, dark corn syrup, sugar, eggs
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate-Almond Pie | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 4 ounces bittersweet (not unsweetened) or semisweet chocolate, chopped; 3 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1 1/4 cups dark corn syrup; 3/4 cup sugar; 4 large eggs; 2 teaspoons vanilla extract; 3/4 teaspoon almond extract; Pinch of salt; 3 cups sliced almonds, toasted; epi:recipeLink id="102545"/epi:recipeLink<, chilled | INSTRUCTIONS: Position rack in center of oven and preheat to 350°F. Stir bittersweet chocolate and unsalted butter in large metal bowl set over saucepan of simmering water until melted and smooth. Remove bowl from over water. Mix in dark corn syrup and 3/4 cup sugar. Whisk in eggs, vanilla extract, almond extract and salt. Stir in toasted almonds. Pour filling into prepared crust. Bake pie until filling is set around edges but moves slightly in center when pie is gently shaken and crust is golden brown, tenting pie with foil if crust browns too quickly, about 1 hour. Transfer pie to rack and cool slightly.  <END>
INPUT: American, sandwiches, crumbled bleu cheese, mayonnaise, lemon juice, wheat bread, bread
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roast Beef and Bleu Cheese Tea Sandwiches | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1/3 cup crumbled bleu cheese; 1/2 cup mayonnaise; 1 tablespoon lemon juice; 6 slices whole wheat bread; 6 slices white bread; 1 bunch watercress; 1/2-pound sliced roast beef from deli | INSTRUCTIONS: In a small bowl, stir together crumbled bleu cheese, mayonnaise, and lemon juice. Set aside. To make sandwiches, spread bleu cheese mayonnaise on bread slices. Add watercress and roast beef. Place another slice of bread on top. Cut into quarters and serve. <END>
INPUT: Italian, pesto, grapeseed oil, halibut fillets, Kosher salt pepper, scallions
OUTPUT: TITLE: Halibut Stuffed With Kale and Feta Pesto | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 teaspoon grapeseed oil; 6 skinless halibut fillets, about 6 oz (185 g) each; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 scallions, white and pale green parts, each cut crosswise into 4 equal pieces; 2 cups (4 1/2 oz / 140 g) coarsely chopped stemmed kale; 1 rib celery, coarsely chopped; 1/4 cup (1 1/4 oz / 40 g) crumbled feta cheese; 1–2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 450ºF. Using the grapeseed oil, lightly grease a rectangular baking dish large enough to accommodate the fillets in a single layer. Place the halibut fillets in the prepared baking dish and season lightly with salt and pepper. Use a sharp knife to slash several deep cuts in the top of each fillet, being careful not to cut all the way through the fish. In a mini food processor, combine the scallions, kale, celery, and cheese and process until the ingredients are crumb-sized. Add 1 tablespoon of the olive oil and pulse until a paste forms, adding more oil as needed to achieve <END>
INPUT: pudding, bananas, lemon juice, granulated sugar, all purpose flour, kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Baked Banana Pudding | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 ripe bananas, peeled and sliced into 1/4-inch rounds; 1 tablespoon freshly squeezed lemon juice; 1/2 cup granulated sugar, plus 2 tablespoons; 1/3 cup all-purpose flour; 1/4 teaspoon kosher salt; 4 large eggs, separated; 2 cups half-and-half; 1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract; 45 vanilla wafers; 1 pinch cream of tartar | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Heat the oven to 400 degrees F. Toss the banana slices and lemon juice in a small bowl and set aside. Combine 1/2 cup of the sugar, the flour and salt in a 3-quart saucier. Add the egg yolks and whisk to combine. Add the half-and-half and carefully whisk to combine. Cook over medium-low heat, stirring constantly until the mixture reaches 172 to 180 degrees F, approximately 5 to 10 minutes. The mixture will begin to thicken and bubble around the edges. Remove the pan from the heat and whisk in the vanilla extract. Spread a small amount of the pudding in the bottom <END>
INPUT: Crisco® Pure Canola, onion, smoked kielbasa
OUTPUT: TITLE: Apple Cinnamon Kielbasa and Sauerkraut | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons Crisco® Pure Canola Oil; 1/2 cup chopped yellow onion; 1 (32 oz.) bag sauerkraut, rinsed and drained; 1 pound smoked kielbasa, sliced into 1-inch diagonal pieces; 1 (12 oz.) jar Orchard's Finest Fall Harvest Cinnamon Apple Preserves | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat oil in large skillet over medium-high heat. Saute onion 2 to 3 minutes or until clear. Add sauerkraut. Cook, stirring occasionally, 8 to 10 minutes or until sauerkraut just begins to brown. Add kielbasa. Cover pan. Reduce heat to medium. Cook 10 to 12 minutes or until lightly browned, stirring occasionally. Stir in preserves. Cook until heated through. Serve immediately. <END>
INPUT: baklava, filo dough, butter, lemons juiced zested, honey, cinnamon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Apple Baklava | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound thawed filo dough; 1 cup melted butter; 2 lemons juiced and zested; 4 tablespoons honey; 2 teaspoons cinnamon; 3 cups diced Granny Smith apples; 2 cups chopped toasted walnuts; 2 cups chopped toasted pistachios; 1 1/2 cups sugar; 1/2 cup honey; 1 pint water; 1 lemon rind | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. On a sheetpan lined with parchment paper, lay down 1 sheet of filo and brush with butter. Repeat process with 3 more sheets. Cover remaining sheets with damp towel and set aside. To make filling place the lemon juice and zest, honey, cinnamon, apples, and chopped nuts and gently heat for 3 minutes set aside to cool. Spread 1/3 of mixture onto buttered filo stack. Top apple mixture with another stack of buttered filo. Repeat process until mixture and filo is gone (there should be 3 layers). Bake in a preheated 350 degree oven for 1 hour. Mix sugar, honey, water an <END>
INPUT: french, panini, eggs, milk, heavy cream, orange juice, vanilla extract
OUTPUT: TITLE: French Toast Panini With Grilled Bananas | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 large eggs; 1 cup whole milk; 1/2 cup heavy cream; 1/4 cup fresh orange juice (from about 1 medium orange); 2 tablespoons vanilla extract; 2 tablespoons cognac (optional); 2 tablespoons granulated sugar; 1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon; Pinch of freshly grated nutmeg; Salt; 8 slices Texas toast or other thick white bread; 3 large ripe bananas; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted; 3 tablespoons vegetable oil; Confectioners' sugar, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Whisk together the eggs, milk, cream, orange juice, vanilla, cognac, granulated sugar, cinnamon, nutmeg and a pinch of salt in a bowl. Place the bread in 2 shallow baking dishes in a single layer. Pour the egg mixture over the bread; let soak for 10 minutes. While the bread is soaking, preheat a grill to medium. Place a flat cast-iron skillet on the grill. Brush the bananas with the melted butter; cook in the skillet until they are browned on all sides and beginning to release their juices, about 3 minutes. Use a spatula to transfer the bananas to a plate, then wipe the skillet clean with a pa <END>
INPUT: shoulder, pork butt, Neely's Barbeque Seasoning, Neely's BBQ Sauce, sugar, paprika
OUTPUT: TITLE: Neely's Pork Shoulder | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: One 5 1/2-pound pork butt; Neely's Barbeque Seasoning, recipe follows; Neely's BBQ Sauce, recipe follows, for serving; 3/4 cup white sugar; 1 1/2 cups paprika; 3 3/4 tablespoons onion powder; 2 cups ketchup; 1 cup water; 1/2 cup apple cider vinegar; 5 tablespoons light brown sugar; 5 tablespoons sugar; 1/2 tablespoon fresh ground black pepper; 1/2 tablespoon onion powder; 1/2 tablespoon ground mustard; 1 tablespoon lemon juice | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: Hickory Chips, for indoor grilling Rinse butt thoroughly and sprinkle Neely's BBQ seasoning over entire butt. Massage seasoning into meat. Using an indoor grill pan, sprinkle hickory chips on bottom of pan and heat over medium heat until chips start to smoke. Add pork, cover with foil and smoke meat for about 1 hour. Preheat oven to 275 degrees F. Place smoke pan with meat in the oven for 5 to 6 hours or until the meat pulls apart. Serve with Neely's BBQ sauce or sprinkle Neely's BBQ seasoning onto meat. Mix all ingredients together. In a medium saucepan, combine all ingredi <END>
INPUT: cake, sauce, apples, cinnamon, sugar, butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grandma's Style Apple Cake with Vanilla Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 apples; 1 teaspoon cinnamon, plus 1 tablespoon cinnamon; 1 tablespoon sugar; 1/3 cup butter; 1/2 cup sugar, plus 1 tablespoon; 1 tablespoon brown sugar; 1 egg; 1/2 cup milk; 1 cup flour; 1/2 tablespoon baking powder; 1 vanilla bean; 2 cups milk scalded; 6 yolks; 1/2 cup sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: Peel the apples and cut into thin slices. Toss slices in a bowl with 1 tablespoon of cinnamon and 1 tablespoon of sugar. Melt butter. Brush mold with butter. Cool the remaining butter to room temperature and add 1/2 cup of sugar and brown sugar. Whisk butter and sugars until fluffy. Add egg with milk and whisk. Stir in flour, baking powder and remaining 1 teaspoon cinnamon. Pour into the mold. Put the sliced apples on top and bake in a preheated 350-degree oven for 40 minutes.; Scrape the vanilla bean into scalded milk. Whisk yolks and sugar. Add a little hot milk to the yolk and sugar mixture <END>
INPUT: Italian, risotto, carcass roast turkey, ounch porcini mushrooms, hot water, broccoli rabe
OUTPUT: TITLE: Risotto with Porcini and Broccoli Rabe | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: the carcass of a roast turkey, broken into large pieces; about 4 1/2 quarts (18 cups) water; 1/2 ounch dried porcini mushrooms*; 2/3 cup hot water; 3/4 pound broccoli rabe; 1 1/2 cups minced onion; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1 1/2 cups Arborio rice*; 1/2 cup dry white wine; 1/4 cup freshly grated Parmesan; *available at specialty foods shops and some supermarkets | INSTRUCTIONS: Make the broth: In a large kettle or stockpot combine the carcass with the water, or enough to cover it, and simmer the mixture, uncovered, for 3 hours. Strain the broth through a large sieve into a large bowl, discarding the solids, return it to the kettle, and boil it until it is reduced to about 10 cups. Reserve 8 cups of the broth and transfer the remaining broth to a container for another use. The broth may be made 1 week in advance and kept covered and chilled if it is brought to a boil every 2 days and then allowed to cool to warm, uncovered, before being chilled again. The broth keeps, <END>
INPUT: Italian, primavera, Kosher salt, potato gnocchi, virgin olive oil, leek, radishes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Gnocchi Primavera | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: Kosher salt; 1 17.5-ounce package potato gnocchi; 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1 leek (white and light green parts only), quartered lengthwise and cut into 2-inch pieces, well rinsed; 8 small radishes, trimmed and quartered; 8 ounces sugar snap peas, trimmed; Freshly ground pepper; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1/4 cup grated parmesan cheese, plus shaved cheese for topping; 1 teaspoon finely grated lemon zest; 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh parsley | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add the gnocchi and cook as the label directs. Reserve 1 cup cooking water, then drain. Meanwhile, heat the olive oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Add the leek and cook, stirring occasionally, until it softens and just starts browning, about 3 minutes. Add the radishes, sugar snap peas, 1/2 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of pepper. Cook, stirring often, until the peas are bright green and crisp-tender, 5 to 6 minutes. Add the gnocchi to the skillet along with 3/4 cup of the reserved cooking water, the butter, grated parmesan, lemon zest <END>
INPUT: soup, olive oil, mushrooms, scallions, chicken broth, potatoes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mushroom Caraway Soup | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon olive oil; one 10-ounce package mushrooms, sliced; 3 scallions; 4 cups chicken broth; 3 medium red potatoes, scrubbed and cut into 1 inch chunks; 1/2 cup dry white wine; 1 teaspoon dried thyme leaves, crumbled; 1 teaspoon caraway seeds, crushed; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 1/4 cup half-and-half | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large nonstick saucepan or Dutch oven, heat the oil. Saute the mushrooms and scallions until the mushroom liquid evaporates, about ten minutes. Stir in the broth, potatoes, wine, thyme, caraway seeds and salt; bring to a boil. Reduce the heat and simmer, partially covered, until the potatoes are tender, about twenty minutes. Transfer to a blender and remove the knob in the lid, puree. Return the soup to the saucepan; bring back through a boil. Remove from the heat and stir in the half-and-half. Serve immediately.; <END>
INPUT: mousse, berries, plain yogurt, sugar, heavy cream, vanilla essence, egg whites
OUTPUT: TITLE: Vanilla Mousse Meringues and Fresh Berries | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups plain yogurt; 1 cup sugar; 2 cups heavy cream; 1/2 teaspoon vanilla essence; 3 egg whites; Rind of 1 orange, finely julienned and blanched; Meringues; 1/2 cups mixed berried; Strawberry Coulis; Mint sprigs (for garnish) | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. Line a large colander with several layers of cheesecloth. 2. In a large bowl, mix the yogurt with the sugar. 3. In a separate bowl, beat the cream and the vanilla essence until stiff. Fold the cream into the yogurt. 4. In a large bowl, beat egg whites with an electric mixer until stiff but not dry. With a spatula, carefully fold in the yogurt mixture and the orange rind. 5. Transfer the mousse mixture to the prepared colander and place over a bowl. Cover with plastic wrap and place in the refrigerator to drain for at least 4 hours. 6. When ready to serve, place one meringue on each of the 1 <END>
INPUT: navy beans, salt pork, onion, salt, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Maple Baked Beans | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups dried navy beans, picked over; 7 oz salt pork (rinsed if crusted with salt) or thick-cut bacon, cut into 1/4-inch dice; 1 cup chopped onion; 2 teaspoons salt; 1/2 teaspoon black pepper; 2/3 cup pure maple syrup; 1 teaspoon dry mustard; 4 cups water | INSTRUCTIONS: Quick-soak beans: Cover beans with water by 2 inches in a 4-quart heavy pot and bring to a boil. Remove from heat and let stand, uncovered, 1 hour. Preheat oven to 300°F. Drain beans and put in a 3-quart wide shallow pot or flameproof baking dish along with remaining ingredients, stirring to combine. Bring to a boil on top of stove, then cover tightly and bake in middle of oven until beans are just tender, about 2 hours. Uncover and bake until most of liquid is absorbed and top is slightly crusty, 1 to 1 1/2 hours more. Cover beans with water by 2 inches in a 4-quart heavy pot and bring to a b <END>
INPUT: green, apples, virgin olive oil, tomato paste, mirepoix, Bouquet garni
OUTPUT: TITLE: Medallions of Fallow Deer with Green Caramelized Apples | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Extra-virgin olive oil; 9 (2 to 3-ounce) medallions of fallow deer, de-bone and reserve bones; 1 tablespoon tomato paste; 2 cups mirepoix (1 small diced onion, 1/2 cup small diced carrots, 1/2 cup small diced celery); Bouquet garni; 1 shallot, finely diced; 2 cups red wine; 1/2 cup port; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 tablespoons clarified butter; 1 Granny Smith apple; cut into 6 (1/4 moon shaped) segments; 1 tablespoon powdered sugar; Bone marrow; 6 baby carrots, cleaned, peeled and cooked; 6 tips asparagus, cleaned, peeled and cooked | INSTRUCTIONS: To make the sauce: In a large saucepan, use a small amount of oil to saute the bones that were removed from the fallow. When they have a rich dark color, add tomato paste, mirepoix, bouquet garni and 2 1/3 quarts water, and cook for 1 hour. In another pan, saute the shallot in a little more olive oil until translucent. Remove from the heat and add the wine and port. Return to the heat and let the liquid reduce until it is almost evaporated. Be careful as the liquid may ignite. Then add the stock from the other saute pan to the wine reduction. Cook for another 40 minutes. Pass through the chino <END>
INPUT: velvet, cake flour, unsweetened cocoa powder, baking powder, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Red Velvet Cake | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups cake flour; 3 tablespoons unsweetened cocoa powder; 2 teaspoons baking powder; 1 teaspoon salt; 3/4 cup (1 1/2 sticks) butter, softened; 1 3/4 cups sugar; 4 large eggs; 1 cup milk; 3 teaspoons red food coloring; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; Buttercream Frosting, recipe follows; 6 cups powdered sugar; 1 cup (2 sticks) butter, softened; 4 to 6 tablespoons heavy cream; 2 teaspoons vanilla extract | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees. Grease and flour 2 (9-inch) cake pans. In a large bowl, stir together the flour, cocoa, baking powder, and salt. In another large bowl, cream together the butter and sugar until light and fluffy. Beat in the eggs 1 at a time. In a small bowl, combine the milk, food coloring, and vanilla. Using a spatula, fold into the egg mixture the flour mixture alternating with the liquids, ending with the dry ingredients. Pour the batter into the pans and bake about 30 to 35 minutes or until a toothpick comes out clean. Cool in pans 5 minutes before turning out onto racks.  <END>
INPUT: Italian, zucchini, boiling potatoes, rotini penne, beans, corn
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pasta with Pesto My Way | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 2 medium zucchini (about 1/2 pound total); 1/2 pound boiling potatoes, peeled; 3/4 pound rotini or penne; 6 ounces green beans, trimmed and halved (about 1 1/2 cups); 2 ears corn, kernels cut off (about 1 1/2 cups); 1 tablespoon olive oil; 1 pint cherry tomatoes (12 to 14 ounces); 1 cup Kemp's pesto; Toasted bread-crumb topping for pasta; an adjustable-blade slicer with 1/4-inch julienne attachment | INSTRUCTIONS: Cut zucchini into thin rounds with slicer. Fit slicer with julienne attachment and cut potatoes into 1/4-inch-thick matchsticks. Start cooking rotini in a pasta pot of boiling salted water (3 tablespoons salt for 6 quarts water) according to package instructions. Six minutes before pasta is done, stir in potatoes and green beans. Two minutes before pasta is done, stir in corn and zucchini. Meanwhile, heat oil in a 12-inch heavy skillet over high heat until it shimmers. Add tomatoes and cook, covered, shaking skillet once or twice, until tomatoes wilt, split, and release some juices, 3 to 5 min <END>
INPUT: chips, olive oil, kosher salt, smoked paprika, garlic powder, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Baked Pita Chips with Charred Three Onion Dip | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons olive oil; 1 tablespoon kosher salt; 1/2 teaspoon smoked paprika; 1/4 teaspoon garlic powder; 1/4 teaspoon cracked black pepper; 6 pita bread rounds; Charred Three Onion Dip, for serving, recipe follows; 6 scallions; 1 small red onion; Olive oil, for brushing; 2 cups sour cream; 1 cup mascarpone cheese; 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce; 1/4 tablespoon fresh lemon juice; 1/2 tablespoon kosher salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Combine the olive oil, 1/2 tablespoon salt, smoked paprika, garlic powder and pepper in a small bowl. Whisk together. Brush the seasoned oil on the first pita, stack another pita on top and repeat until you have 3 pitas. Repeat, making a second stack. Use a knife to cut the stack into 8 wedges. Repeat with the second stack. Arrange the chips in a single layer on a baking sheet. Bake for 10 minutes. Flip and bake until golden and toasted, another 2 to 3 minutes. Sprinkle the chips with the remaining 1/2 tablespoon salt as soon as you remove them from the oven. <END>
INPUT: American, miami, chuck, Kosher salt pepper, canola oil, mayonnaise, roasted garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Miami Burger | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound ground chuck (80 percent lean) or ground turkey (90 percent lean); Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 tablespoons canola oil; 1/2 cup mayonnaise; 3 cloves roasted garlic, mashed; 4 hamburger buns, split; 1/4 cup Dijon mustard; 8 thin slices Swiss cheese; 4 thin slices smoked ham; 2 dill pickles, sliced into 1/4-inch-thick slices | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. Divide the meat into 4 equal portions (about 6 ounces each). Form each portion loosely into a 3/4-inch-thick burger and make a deep depression in the center with your thumb. Season both sides of each burger with salt and pepper. Heat a gas grill to high. Brush the burgers with canola oil and grill until desired doneness is reached. Remove the burgers to a plate. 2. Combine the mayonnaise and roasted garlic in a small bowl and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Spread both sides of each bun with the mayonnaise and the mustard. Place a slice of cheese on each bun bottom, place a burger on <END>
INPUT: sausages, Italian sausage, peppers, water, onions, olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Italian Sausages with Peppers and Onions | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 pounds Italian sausage; 2 green peppers, sliced; 1/2 cup water; 2 onions, sliced; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 2 long hard rolls | INSTRUCTIONS: Place sausage in hot cast iron skillet and brown on all sides. Add water, cover and let steam for 5 to 8 minutes or until sausages are no longer pink in the middle. Remove to plate. Drain off any remaining water from skillet. Add olive oil to same skillet along with peppers and onions. Cook over medium heat until soft, about 20 minutes. Place sausage in a roll with peppers and onions. Serve. <END>
INPUT: Italian, white, unsalted butter, all purpose flour, milk, Parmesan, Kosher salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: White Lasagna with Spicy Turkey Sausage and 'Shrooms | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons unsalted butter; 4 tablespoons all-purpose flour; 3 cups whole milk; 3/4 cup finely grated Parmesan; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 tablespoon olive oil; 2 pounds bulk spicy Italian turkey sausage; 3/4 cup sliced button mushrooms; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 teaspoons granulated garlic; 15 ounces whole milk ricotta; 1 large egg; 1 cup finely grated Parmesan; Coarse salt; 1 package no-boil lasagna noodles | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. For the white sauce: Bring a medium saucepan to low-medium heat and add the butter. Once the butter is melted, stir in the flour with a wooden spoon; cook for 2 minutes (do not let it color). Add the milk and bring to a boil, continuing to stir. Reduce the heat to medium-low and simmer for 1 minute. Remove the saucepan from the heat. Add in the Parmesan, whisking to incorporate. Season with salt and pepper. For the lasagna: In a skillet over medium-high heat, add the olive oil and cook the turkey sausage until just beginning to brown, about 4 minutes. Add the <END>
INPUT: button mushrooms, Burgundy wine, boiling water, Worcestershire sauce
OUTPUT: TITLE: Burgundy Mushrooms | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 pounds white button mushrooms; 1 liter Burgundy wine (other dry red wines will work); 2 cups boiling water; 1/2 pound (2 sticks) butter; 1 1/2 teaspoons Worcestershire sauce; 1 teaspoon dill seed; 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 4 beef bouillon cubes; 4 chicken bouillon cubes; 4 cloves garlic, peeled; Salt; Crusty bread, for serving | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Thoroughly wash the mushrooms and throw them into a large stockpot. Add the wine, boiling water, butter, Worcestershire sauce, dill seed, black pepper, beef and chicken bouillon cubes and garlic. Stir to combine. Bring the mixture to a boil over medium-high heat. Reduce the heat to low and simmer, covered, for 6 hours. Remove the lid, and then continue cooking, uncovered, for 3 hours. Add salt to taste at the end of the cooking process. The mushrooms will be very dark in color. Serve straight from the pot or spoon the mushrooms and cooking liquid into a serving b <END>
INPUT: Asian, avocado, parfait, Canola oil, crabs, lotus, cornstarch, fermented beans
OUTPUT: TITLE: Black Bean Blue Crabs with Lotus Crab and Avocado Parfait | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: Canola oil, to cook; 6 blue crabs, shell off (save 4), prepped (gills removed) and cut in half; 1 lotus, peeled and cut into 1/4-inch slices; 1 cup cornstarch; 2 tablespoons fermented black beans, rinsed and chopped; 2 tablespoons garlic, minced; 1 tablespoons ginger, minced; 2 jalapenos, de-stemmed and sliced; 4 scallions, cut into 1/2-inch lengths; 1/2 cup shaoxing wine; 1/2 cup white wine; 2 tablespoon naturally brewed soy sauce; 4 cups hot long grain rice; Salt and black pepper, to taste; 2 lemons, zest (minced) and juiced | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: Small PVC molds 1 to 1 1/2-inch diameter by 2 to 2 1/2 inches tall In a hot wok fill 1/3 with oil and bring to a high temperature. In a large bowl, season the crabs, crab shells and lotus and toss well with the cornstarch. Blanch the crab/lotus in the hot oil for only 45 to 60 seconds and set aside on paper towels. Dump out the oil leaving 2 tablespoons and stir-fry on high heat the beans, garlic, ginger, jalapenos and scallions for 1 minute. Season mixture and add back the crab/lotus and deglaze with wines. Reduce by 50 percent and add soy. Check for seasoning. Plating: Fil <END>
INPUT: garlic, virgin olive oil, baguette
OUTPUT: TITLE: Garlic Shrimp | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 garlic clove, unpeeled; 1/2 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 1 baguette, sliced into 1/2-inch-thick slices; 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 1/2 clove garlic, finely sliced; 1 whole dried gundillas chile*; 1 pound medium shrimp, peeled, tails left intact, and deveined; Juice of 1/2 lemon; 1 teaspoon fresh parsley, chopped; *Hot chile pepper. Red pepper flakes are a good substitute—use a pinch (1/8 teaspoon) | INSTRUCTIONS: Make garlic toasts: Preheat oven to 350°F. Wrap garlic clove in foil and roast until soft, 30 to 35 minutes. Unwrap and let cool. Peel cloves and place in blender. Add olive oil and blend until emulsified. Spread baguette slices on baking sheet. Lightly brush each slice with roasted garlic oil. Bake until golden brown, 13 to 15 minutes. Preheat oven to 350°F. Wrap garlic clove in foil and roast until soft, 30 to 35 minutes. Unwrap and let cool. Peel cloves and place in blender. Add olive oil and blend until emulsified. Spread baguette slices on baking sheet. Lightly brush each slice with roast <END>
INPUT: Butter flavored baking, canola oil, eggs, cranberry juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tapioca Cake | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Butter-flavored baking spray; 1 (18.25-ounce) box vanilla cake mix (recommended: Betty Crocker); 1/3 cup canola oil; 3 eggs; 1 1/4 cups white cranberry juice; 1 (3-ounce) box cool n' serve tapioca pudding (recommended: Jell-O); 1 (14-ounce) can light coconut milk (recommended: Thai Kitchen); 1 teaspoon coconut extract; 1/2 cup shredded coconut; For the frosting:; 3 (12-ounce) cans fluffy white frosting (recommended: Betty Crocker); 2 teaspoons coconut extract; Fresh blueberries; 1 1/2 cups shredded coconut; 3 recipes Blueberry Sauce, recipe follows | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Lightly spray 2 (8-inch) round baking pans with butter flavor baking spray; set aside. In a large bowl, combine cake mix, oil, eggs, and white cranberry juice. Use an electric mixer to beat cake batter on low speed for 30 seconds. Scrape down sides of bowl and beat for 2 minutes on medium speed. Divide batter evenly into prepared pans. Bake in preheated oven for 32 to 35 minutes, or until tester comes away clean. Meanwhile, make cake pudding filling: combine pudding mix, coconut milk, 1 teaspoon coconut extract, and 1/2 cup shredded coconut in a medium saucepan.  <END>
INPUT: olive oil, garlic, sun tomatoes, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pork Chops Stuffed with Sun-Dried Tomatoes and Spinach | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon olive oil, plus 1 tablespoon; 2 cloves garlic, minced; 6 sun-dried tomatoes, diced; 1 (10-ounce) bag of frozen spinach, thawed and excess water squeezed out; 1/2 teaspoon salt, plus more for seasoning; 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, plus more for seasoning; 1/4 teaspoon dried thyme; 1/4 cup (2 ounces) goat cheese; 1/3 cup reduced-fat cream cheese; 4 (4-ounce) center-cut pork chops; 1 1/2 cups chicken broth; 1/2 lemon, zested; 2 tablespoons lemon juice; 2 teaspoons Dijon mustard | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Warm the 1 tablespoon olive oil in a medium saute pan over medium heat. Add the garlic and cook until fragrant, about 1 minute. Add the sun-dried tomatoes, spinach, salt, pepper, and thyme. Cook until combined, about 2 more minutes. Transfer the mixture to a medium bowl. Add the goat cheese and the cream cheese. Stir to combine and set aside. Use a sharp knife to cut a pocket into the thickest portion of the pork chop. Stuff each pocket with 1/4 of the spinach and sun-dried tomato mixture and close the pork around the stuffing. Season the outside of the pork with <END>
INPUT: carrots, unfiltered apple cider, water, unsalted butter, cider vinegar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cider-Glazed Carrots | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 pounds medium carrots (about 12), peeled; 1 cup unfiltered apple cider; 1/2 cup water; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, cut into bits; 1 tablespoon cider vinegar, or to taste | INSTRUCTIONS: Cut out a round of wax paper to fit just inside a 12-inch heavy skillet, then butter 1 side of round. Cut a 1/2-inch-thick diagonal slice from a carrot, then roll carrot away from you 90 degrees and cut another 1/2-inch-thick diagonal slice (shape will resemble a trapezoidal log). Continue rolling and cutting carrot, then cut remaining carrots in same manner. Add carrots to skillet with cider, water, butter bits, 3/4 teaspoon salt, and 1/4 teaspoon pepper, then cover with wax-paper round (buttered side down) and simmer, stirring occasionally, until most of liquid has evaporated and carrots are <END>
INPUT: wine vinegar, Kosher salt, coriander seeds, mustard seeds, bay leaf
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pickled Ramps | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups white wine vinegar; Kosher salt; 2 teaspoons coriander seeds; 1 teaspoon mustard seeds; 1 bay leaf; 1 jalapeno chile, split; 2 pounds ramp bulbs (from 3 to 4 pounds ramps) | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine the vinegar, 2 tablespoons salt, coriander seeds, mustard seeds, bay leaf, and jalapeno in a nonreactive saucepan and bring to a boil over high heat. Cook for 3 minutes, then remove the pan from the heat and let the liquid cool to room temperature. Bring a gallon of heavily salted water to a boil over high heat. Add the ramps and blanch for 2 minutes, then drain in a colander. Pack the ramps into 2 (1-quart) jars, cover with the cooled pickling liquid to within 1/2-inch of the rim, and screw on the lids. Refrigerate for up to 1 month. <END>
INPUT: chips, Peanut vegetable oil, kosher salt, light sugar, chili powder, cayenne pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spicy Sweet Potato Chips | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Peanut or vegetable oil, for frying (peanut oil is best); 3 tablespoons kosher salt; 2 tablespoons light brown sugar; 1 tablespoon chili powder; Pinch cayenne pepper, or as desired; 2 sweet potatoes, washed, scrubbed, and dried | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: deep-fry thermometer, mandoline slicer Pour oil to a depth of 4 inches in a heavy-bottomed pot and heat over medium-high heat to 350 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with paper towels. Mix the salt, sugar, chili powder and cayenne in a small bowl and set aside. Very thinly slice the sweet potatoes on a mandoline slicer and carefully drop into the hot oil in batches, being careful to not overcrowd the pan. Deep-fry until golden around edges, 45 seconds to 1 minute, and transfer to a lined baking sheet. Sprinkle the chips with seasoning while they are still hot and let cool to c <END>
INPUT: Italian, scrambled, eggs, Parmesan, bacon, onion, al dente pasta
OUTPUT: TITLE: Scrambled Egg Pasta | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 4 eggs; 1/2 cup grated Parmesan; 8 slices thick bacon, chopped; 1 onion, chopped; 4 cups al-dente cooked pasta; Salt and pepper to taste | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. In a small bowl, beat together the eggs and cheese; set aside. 2. In a large skillet, fry the bacon and onion together until the meat is browned and crispy and the onion has begun to caramelize. 3. Add the pasta (if using cold day-old pasta, cook until it's just warmed through, about 1 minute). 4. Pour the egg-and-cheese mixture into the skillet and reduce heat to low. Stir continuously until the pasta is coated with the eggs and they have begun to solidify. 5. Season with the salt and pepper, then serve immediately, with extra grated Parmesan on the side. 1. In a small bowl, beat together  <END>
INPUT: butter, onion, carrots, celery, parsley leaves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Rum Glazed Turkey | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 tablespoons butter, plus 12 tablespoons melted; 1 cup diced onion; 1/2 cup diced carrots; 1/2 cup diced celery; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley leaves; 1 teaspoon chopped fresh sage leaves; 8 ounces roasted, peeled and coarsely chopped chestnuts; 2 apples, peeled cored and diced; 1/2 cup dried cranberries; 1 cup sauteed mushrooms; 1 1/2 pounds sourdough bread, crusts removed, cut into 1-inch cubes and toasted; 2 eggs, lightly beaten; 1 cup chicken stock; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 (22-pound) fresh turkey, giblets removed, rinsed well inside and out, patted dry | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: 2 large roasting pans with handles and V-racks Instant-read thermometer 2 (2-quart) casserole dishes Extra-large mixing bowl Preheat oven to 375 degrees F. In a large skillet over medium-high heat, melt 4 tablespoons of the butter. Add onions, carrots and celery and saute until tender. Transfer to a large mixing bowl and toss with parsley, sage, chestnuts, apples, dried cranberries, mushrooms and bread. Pour eggs, stock and remaining 12 tablespoons of melted butter over, season with salt and pepper and toss again well. If the stuffing is too dry add a bit more stock or water <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, cookies, all purpose flour, sugar, baking soda, pepper, thyme leaves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lemon Thyme Olive Oil Cookies | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups all-purpose flour; 1 cup sugar; 1/2 teaspoon baking soda; 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh thyme leaves; 1/2 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 3 tablespoons milk; 1 large lemon, zested and juiced | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line 2 baking sheets with parchment paper or silicone baking sheets. Put the flour, sugar, baking soda, pepper, and thyme into a bowl and whisk together to combine. In a small bowl, whisk together the olive oil, milk, lemon juice, and zest. Add the liquid ingredients to the dry ingredients, stirring with a wooden spoon until you form a nice smooth dough. Roll heaping teaspoonfuls of the dough into balls. Place them about 2 inches apart on the prepared baking sheets. Bake the cookies about 12 to 15 minutes, or until they are browned around the edges. Let the c <END>
INPUT: Asian, tartar, salmon fillet, olive oil, ginger, chives, sea salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Salmon Tartar | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound fresh salmon fillet, all skin and bones removed; 4 tablespoons olive oil; 2 teaspoons grated ginger; 2 tablespoons chopped chives; 1/2 teaspoon sea salt; 1/2 teaspoon grated white pepper; 2 cups finely diced cucumber, seeded but not peeled; 3 tablespoons Asian sesame oil; Red oak leaf lettuce; Fresh herb garnish fresh lemon balm preferred | INSTRUCTIONS: Use only the freshest possible salmon for this dish from a reliable source. This may not be done ahead of time since its flavor, freshness and presentation rely on lastminute preparation and assembly. Always work with an absolutely clean area and plastic gloves would be welcome at this time. Cut the salmon fillet by hand, using a very sharp knife, into an even dice 1/4-inch thick. Mix the fish in a bowl with the olive oil, ginger, chives, salt and pepper and let marinate for a few minutes. Mix the diced cucumber with the sesame oil in a bowl and season lightly with salt and pepper. Place a wre <END>
INPUT: southern, water, boned smoked pork, greens
OUTPUT: TITLE: Southern Greens | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 8 cups water; 1 pound boned smoked pork shoulder, cut into 1/2-inch pieces; 3 pounds greens (such as collard, mustard, turnip or kale, or a combination), stemmed | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine water and smoked pork in heavy large pot. Cover and simmer 1 hour. Season cooking liquid with salt and pepper. Bring liquid to boil. Add greens and cook over high heat until just tender, about 12 minutes. Using slotted spoon, transfer greens and pork to platter. Moisten greens with 1/4 cup cooking liquid. Combine water and smoked pork in heavy large pot. Cover and simmer 1 hour. Season cooking liquid with salt and pepper. Bring liquid to boil. Add greens and cook over high heat until just tender, about 12 minutes. Using slotted spoon, transfer greens and pork to platter. Moisten greens <END>
INPUT: crust, porcini mushrooms, pumpkin seeds, Salt pepper, pure vegetable oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fillet of Salmon in a Porcini Pumpkin Seed Crust | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 (5-ounce) fillets of salmon; 2 ounces dried porcini mushrooms; 1 cup pumpkin seeds; Salt and pepper; 1 cup pure vegetable oil; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter | INSTRUCTIONS: Add porcini to blender and process to fine dust, remove and set aside. Add pumpkin seeds to blender and lightly pulse until seeds are like fine pebbles. Remove and combine with porcini dust. Season the fillets with salt and pepper. Gently pat 1 tablespoon of porcini mixture on top of each fillet - top only. Heat vegetable oil in large skillet until it reaches the smoke point, add fillets crust-side down. Sear well for one minute, add butter, continue to cook 3 minutes over medium-low heat, turn fillet over and cook second side for 3 minutes. Remove from pan. <END>
INPUT: hash, bacon, bliss Yukon gold, scallions, garlic, Kosher salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Potato-Bacon Hash | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 slices bacon; 1 1/2 pounds red bliss or Yukon gold potatoes, washed and cut into small chunks; 1 bunch scallions, white and green parts (optional); 2 garlic cloves, minced; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper to taste | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. In a heavy skillet, cook the bacon until crisp. Transfer it to a paper towel-lined plate. 2. Remove all but 1 tablespoon of the fat and return the pan to high heat. 3. Add the potatoes, white scallions (if using), garlic, salt, pepper, and 1/4 cup water. Bring to a boil. 4. Cover, reduce heat to medium-low, and simmer until the potatoes are just tender, 8 to 10 minutes. 5. Add the bacon, broken into pieces. Cook, stirring occasionally, for about 10 minutes more. 6. Remove from heat, garnish with the green scallions (if using), and serve. 1. In a heavy skillet, cook the bacon until crisp. Tr <END>
INPUT: seafood steaks, olive oil, Salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Seafood Steaks | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 seafood steaks, such as yellowfin tuna, halibut, swordfish, salmon or seabass, cut about 1-inch thick; 2 tablespoons olive oil; Salt and pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Brush steaks on both sides with oil. Season to taste. Place in the center of the cooking grate. Cover grill. Cook, turning once halfway through cooking time, until fish is opaque but still moist in center (about 10 minutes). Season to taste. <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, cake, maple, raisins, water, all purpose flour, cinnamon, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Apple and Olive Oil Cake with Maple Icing | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: heaping 1/2 cup / 80 g raisins; 4 tbsp water; 2 1/4 cups / 280 g all-purpose flour; 1/2 tsp ground cinnamon; 1/4 tsp salt; 1/2 tsp baking powder; 1 1/4 tsp baking soda; 1/2 cup / 120 ml olive oil; 3/4 cup / 160 g superfine sugar; 1/2 vanilla bean; 2 free-range eggs, lightly beaten; 3 large Granny Smith apples, peeled, cored, and cut into 3/8-inch / 1-cm dice; grated zest of 1 lemon; 2 free-range egg whites; confectioners' sugar for dusting (optional) | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. Grease an 8-inch / 20-cm springform cake pan and line the bottom and sides with parchment paper. Place the raisins and water in a medium saucepan and simmer over low heat until all of the water has been absorbed. Leave to cool. 2. Preheat the oven to 325°F / 170°C. Sift together the flour, cinnamon, salt, baking powder, and baking soda and set aside. 3. Put the oil and superfine sugar in the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with a paddle attachment (or use a whisk if you don't have a mixer). Slit the vanilla bean lengthwise in half and, using a sharp knife, scrape the seeds out into the bowl. B <END>
INPUT: ladybug, round cakes, Chocolate ganache, Vanilla Buttercream, licorice rounds
OUTPUT: TITLE: Ladybug Cake | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 round 9-inch cakes, cooled; 2 (9-inch) cardboard cake rounds; 1 recipe Chocolate ganache; 1 recipe Vanilla Buttercream, colored red; 10 black licorice rounds, coin size (for the spots); 2 white wafer candies (for the eyes); 2 candy coated chocolate pieces (for the eyes); 1 red licorice whip (for the mouth and antennae) | INSTRUCTIONS: Place the first cake on 1 of the cardboard rounds on a rack over a sheetpan. While the ganache is still warm, pour over the cake. Using a palette knife sparingly, gently swipe 1 or 2 times to spread the ganache evenly over the top and so that it runs down the sides and covers them. Let the cake sit until the ganache sets up, about 30 minutes to 1 hour. While the ganache is setting up begin making the wings. Cut the remaining cake in half, lengthwise. Cut the remaining cardboard round in half as well and place each cake half on one of the cardboard halves. Using the red buttercream and a palett <END>
INPUT: crusted, wine, garlic, tellicherry peppercorns, Lawry's lemon pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pepper Crusted London Broil | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 (1-pound) piece of London Broil; 1 cup dry red wine; 3 cloves garlic, mashed; 1 tablespoon tellicherry peppercorns; 2 tablespoons Lawry's lemon pepper; 2 teaspoons freeze-dried green peppercorns; 2 teaspoons allspice berries; 2 teaspoons cubebs; 1 teaspoon melegueta pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Wipe the London Broil with a damp paper towel and pat it dry. Place the meat in a dish and cover it with a marinade prepared from the red wine and the garlic, and allow it to sit for 2 hours. Preheat the broiler. Place the remaining ingredients in a spice mill and process until they are coarse powder. Remove the London broil from the marinade, sprinkle it with the powder on all sides until it is well coated, place it in a broiler-proof pan and cook for 5 to 7 minutes on each side, or until it is medium rare. Slice diagonally and serve. <END>
INPUT: Italian, sauce, local tomatoes, olive oil, garlic, Salt, spaghetti
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spaghetti with Tomato Sauce | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 8 local tomatoes; 6 tablespoons olive oil; 3 cloves garlic, chopped; Salt; 1 pound spaghetti; 2 tablespoons freshly grated Parmesan; Crushed red pepper flakes, for sprinkling; Olive oil, for drizzling | INSTRUCTIONS: For the sauce: Using a small knife, peel the skins off the tomatoes. Chop the tomatoes by hand and drain in a colander. Combine the olive oil, garlic and some salt in a bowl. Mix together and let the mixture sit for 1 hour. Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add the pasta and cook until al dente. Drain and plate the pasta. Heat the tomato mixture in a pan for just a couple of minutes until it becomes warm, not cooked. To plate: Pour the tomato mixture over the pasta and garnish with the Parmesan, some crushed red pepper flakes and a drizzle of olive oil. <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, salad, crisp, prosciutto, pecans, lime juice, Dijon mustard, shallot
OUTPUT: TITLE: Kale Salad with Persimmons, Feta, and Crisp Prosciutto | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 3 ounces thinly sliced prosciutto; 1/3 cup pecans (1 1/2 ounces); 1/4 cup fresh lime juice (from about 2 limes); 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard; 1 tablespoon finely chopped shallot; 1 teaspoon honey; 1 small garlic clove, finely grated; Kosher salt; Freshly ground black pepper; 1/2 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 1 1/2 pounds Tuscan kale (about 2 large bunches), stemmed, leaves thinly sliced; 2 Fuyu persimmons, peeled, halved lengthwise, thinly sliced; 3 ounces firm, creamy feta cheese, such as Bulgarian, crumbled (about 3/4 cup); 1 cup loosely packed mint leaves, thinly sliced, plus more for serving | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat oven to 350°F. Lay out prosciutto slices on a rimmed baking sheet. Bake until almost crisp, 16–18 minutes. Transfer to wire rack and let cool completely on baking sheet (prosciutto will continue to crisp as it cools). Crumble and set aside. Meanwhile, spread pecans on a rimmed baking sheet and toast in oven, tossing once or twice, until fragrant, 8–10 minutes. Let cool, then coarsely chop. Set aside. Whisk lime juice, mustard, shallot, honey, garlic, 1 tsp. salt, and 1/4 tsp. pepper in a medium bowl, then whisk in oil in a slow, steady stream. Set aside. In a large mixing bowl, combine ka <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, salad, olive oil, lemon zest, Kosher salt pepper, mixed greens, grape tomatoes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chickpea Feta Salad over Greens | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons olive oil; 1/2 teaspoon grated lemon zest, plus 3 tablespoons lemon juice; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 5 cups mixed greens (about 10 ounces); 1 cup grape tomatoes, halved lengthwise; One 15-ounce can chickpeas, drained; 2 kirby cucumbers, sliced into half-moons; 1 large shallot, chopped; 1/2 cup crumbled plain or herbed feta, crumbled | INSTRUCTIONS: Mix together the olive oil, lemon zest and juice and some salt and pepper in a small bowl. In a large bowl, gently toss together the greens, tomatoes, chickpeas, cucumbers, shallot and feta. Toss the dressing with the salad just before serving. <END>
INPUT: American, sugar, all purpose flour, cinnamon, nutmeg
OUTPUT: TITLE: Apple Pie | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 3 pounds (about 8) McIntosh apples; 3/4 cup plus 1 tablespoon sugar; 2 tablespoons all-purpose flour; 1 teaspoon cinnamon; 1/4 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice; 2 tablespoons cold unsalted butter, cut into bits; milk for brushing the crust; 1 1/4 cups all-purpose flour; 3/4 stick (6 tablespoons) cold unsalted butter, cut into bits; 2 tablespoons cold vegetable shortening; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 2 tablespoons ice water plus additional if necessary | INSTRUCTIONS: To make the pie: Preheat the oven to 450°F. Roll out half the dough 1/8 inch thick on a lightly floured surface, fit it into a 9-inch (1-quart) glass pie plate, and trim the edge, leaving a 3/4-inch overhang. Chill the shell and the remaining dough while making the filling. In a large bowl toss together the apples, each peeled, cored, and cut into eighths, 3/4 cup of the sugar, the flour, the cinnamon, the nutmeg, the salt, and the lemon juice until the mixture is combined well, transfer the filling to the shell, and dot it with the butter. Roll out the remaining dough into a 13- by 14-inch ro <END>
INPUT: patties, turkey sausage, onions, bread crumbs, fennel, each coriander
OUTPUT: TITLE: Turkey Sausage Patties | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 pounds turkey sausage; 1 cup onions, chopped; 3/4 cup bread crumbs; 2 1/2 teaspoons crushed fennel; 1 teaspoon each coriander, bay leaf, crumbled and poultry seasoning; Salt and pepper, to taste | INSTRUCTIONS: Turkey sausage is great because it's lean. However, it's a little less flavorful so you need to season it well. Combine all ingredients and make into patties that are not too big, and be careful not to overcook them.; <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, packets, phyllo dough, butter, lobster tails, wheel, parsley leaves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lobster Brie Phyllo Packets | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 8 sheets phyllo dough (based on 18 by 14-inch sheets which are often sold in packs of 18 to 20); 1/2 cup melted butter; 2 lobster tails, poached and finely chopped; 1 small wheel (about 8-ounces) brie cheese, cut into small pieces; 1 teaspoon chopped fresh parsley leaves; 2 teaspoons chopped fresh chives; Salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. If phyllo was frozen, make sure it is completely defrosted before handling it. Once removed from package, you will need to cover phyllo with waxed paper and a damp towel to prevent it from drying out. Lay out each dough sheet and brush on butter. Fold in half, brush again, fold in half, cut in half. (Each dough sheet should yield 2 rectangles, roughly 4 by 4 inches, so you will have 16 squares.) In mixing bowl, combine lobster, cheese, parsley and chives and season with salt and pepper. Place mixture on each square of dough. Bring up corners into smaller square p <END>
INPUT: American, wrap, light string cheese, high fiber flour, pizza sauce, Italian seasoning, garlic powder
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pepperoni Pizza Wrap | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 stick light string cheese; 1 medium-large high-fiber flour tortilla with about 110 calories; 2 tablespoons pizza sauce; Dash Italian seasoning; Dash garlic powder; Dash onion powder; 1/4 cup chopped spinach leaves; 1/4 cup canned stewed tomatoes, roughly chopped, patted dry; 1 teaspoon reduced-fat Parmesan-style grated topping; 6 pieces turkey pepperoni, chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: Set toaster oven to highest setting. Break string cheese into thirds and put in a blender or food processor-blend at high speed until cheese takes on a shredded or grated consistency. (Or just tear string cheese into pieces and roughly chop.) Set aside. Place tortilla on a microwave-safe plate and microwave for 10 seconds, or until just warm. Evenly spread sauce onto the center of the tortilla, and sprinkle with a dash of each of the spices. Top with spinach, stewed tomatoes, Parm-style topping, chopped turkey pepperoni, and shredded/grated string cheese. Wrap tortilla up like a burrito, foldi <END>
INPUT: Italian, herbs, ricotta cheese, zest lemon, thyme, rosemary, Kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Baked Ricotta with Lemon and Herbs | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound fresh ricotta cheese; Grated zest of 1 lemon; 1 teaspoon chopped fresh thyme; 1/2 teaspoon chopped fresh rosemary; Kosher salt; Pinch of red pepper flakes; 1 tablespoon grated parmesan cheese; 1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil; Sea salt; Grilled or toasted crusty bread, for serving | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Whisk the ricotta, lemon zest, thyme, rosemary, 1/4 teaspoon kosher salt and the red pepper flakes in a medium bowl until smooth and creamy. Transfer to a 2-cup ramekin and sprinkle with the parmesan. Bake until golden and bubbling, about 15 minutes. Drizzle with the olive oil and sprinkle with sea salt. Serve with bread. Photograph by Andrew Purcell <END>
INPUT: Italian, purgatory, eggs, mashed potatoes, all purpose flour, olive oil, Salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Eggs in Purgatory | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 5 large eggs; 2 cups mashed potatoes, chilled; 1/3 cup all-purpose flour; 2 tablespoons olive oil; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 cup marinara sauce, warmed; 2 tablespoons freshly grated Parmesan | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the oven to 200 degrees F. Stir 1 egg in a large bowl to blend. Mix in the potatoes, then the flour. Using a generous 1/2 cup of potato mixture for each, form the potato mixture into 4 (4 1/2-inch) diameter pancakes. Heat the oil in a large nonstick fry pan over medium heat. Fry the pancakes until they are golden brown and heated through, about 2 minutes per side. Transfer the pancakes to paper towels to drain. Keep the pancakes warm on a baking sheet in the oven. Pour off the excess oil from the pan. Heat the pan over medium-low heat. Crack the remaining <END>
INPUT: beef chuck stew, Kosher salt pepper, butter, carrots, onions
OUTPUT: TITLE: Red Wine Beef Stew with Potatoes and Green Beans | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 pounds beef chuck for stew, cut into 1-inch cubes; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 3 tablespoons butter; 4 medium carrots, peeled, halved and cut into 1-inch chunks; 3 small onions, diced; 2 tablespoons all-purpose flour; 2 (14 1/2-ounce) cans reduced-sodium beef or chicken broth; 2 cups dry red wine; 1 cup canned crushed tomatoes; 3 sprigs fresh rosemary; 2 medium russet or Yukon gold potatoes, peeled and cut into 1-inch chunks; 2 handfuls green beans, ends trimmed | INSTRUCTIONS: Season the beef cubes lightly with salt and pepper. Heat 2 tablespoons of the butter in a heavy 6-quart pot over medium heat. As soon as the butter starts to turn brown, add half the beef and raise the heat to high. At first, the beef will give off some liquid, but once that evaporates, the beef will start to brown. Cook, turning the beef cubes on all sides until the pieces are as evenly browned as possible, about 5 or 6 minutes after the water has boiled off. If the pan starts to get too brown at any point, just turn down the heat a little. Scoop the beef into a bowl and brown the rest of the <END>
INPUT: citrus, parfait, all purpose flour, granulated sugar, egg yolk, lemon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Citrus and Mascarpone Parfait with Grapefruit and Prosecco Granita | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 stick (8 tablespoons) cold unsalted butter, cut into pea-size pieces; 3/4 cup all-purpose flour; Heaping 1/4 cup granulated sugar; 1 egg yolk; 1 lemon, zested; Pinch salt; Ice water, a few splashes; Turbinado sugar, for dusting; 1 cup mascarpone; 1/4 cup granulated sugar; 2 Meyer lemons, zested and juiced; 2 cups ruby red grapefruit juice; 1 cup prosecco; 1/4 cup granulated sugar; 2 satsuma oranges, segmented and halved | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: 4 dessert cups and liquid nitrogen or an ice cream maker For the sugar cookie dough: Combine the butter, flour, sugar, egg yolk, lemon zest and salt in the bowl of a food processor. Pulse together, adding a few splashes of ice water to make it come together. Shape the dough into a disc, wrap it in plastic and let it rest in the fridge for at least 30 minutes. Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Cut the rested dough in half and roll out each piece to about 1/4 inch thick. Sprinkle the turbinado sugar over the dough and lightly roll over it to set it in place. Cut out 8 shapes  <END>
INPUT: tabbouleh, boiling water, bulgur wheat, lemon juice, Olive oil, Kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken with Tabbouleh | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cups boiling water; 1 cup bulgur wheat; 1/4 cup freshly squeezed lemon juice (2 lemons); Olive oil; Kosher salt; 1 whole (2 split) chicken breast, bone in, skin on; Freshly ground black pepper; 1 cup minced scallions, white and green parts (1 bunch); 1 cup chopped fresh mint leaves (2 bunches); 1 cup chopped fresh flat-leaf parsley (1 bunch); 1 hothouse cucumber, unpeeled, halved lengthwise, seeded, and medium-diced; 2 cups halved cherry tomatoes | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. In a heat-proof bowl, pour the boiling water over the bulgur wheat. Add the lemon juice, 1/4 cup olive oil, and 1 1/2 teaspoons of salt. Stir. Cover the bowl with plastic wrap and allow the bulgur to stand at room temperature for about 1 hour. Place the chicken breast on a baking sheet and rub it with olive oil. Sprinkle liberally with salt and pepper. Roast for 35 to 40 minutes, until just cooked. Set aside until cool enough to handle. Remove the chicken meat from the bones and discard the skin. Cut the chicken into medium dice and add to the tabbouleh. Add  <END>
INPUT: Mexican, coriander, turmeric, cumin seeds, fennel seeds, cayenne pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Cauliflower and Chickpeas | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon ground coriander; 1 tablespoon ground turmeric; 1 teaspoon cumin seeds; 1 teaspoon fennel seeds; 1/4 teaspoon cayenne pepper; 1/4 cup vegetable oil; 1 tablespoon grated fresh ginger; 1 head cauliflower, cut into florets; One 19-ounce can chickpeas, drained; 1/2 sweet onion, sliced; Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper; Fresh cilantro sprigs, for garnish; Juice of 1/2 lime | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Toast the coriander, turmeric, cumin seeds, fennel seeds and cayenne in a dry skillet over high heat until fragrant, 2 to 3 minutes. Pour the oil into a large mixing bowl, and then add the toasted spices. Add the ginger, cauliflower, chickpeas and onions, and toss to coat everything evenly. Place on a sheet tray and season with salt and pepper. Roast in the oven until browned and the cauliflower is tender, 30 to 35 minutes. Serve with cilantro sprigs and finish with a squeeze of the fresh lime juice. <END>
INPUT: cake flour, double acting baking, salt, baking soda, caraway seeds
OUTPUT: TITLE: Orange Caraway Seed Cakes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cups cake flour (not self-rising); 3/4 teaspoon double-acting baking powder; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/2 teaspoon baking-soda; 2 teaspoons caraway seeds, toasted lightly and cooled; 1 1/2 sticks (3/4 cup) unsalted butter, softened; 1 cup granulated sugar; 2 large eggs; 2 teaspoons freshly grated orange zest; 1 teaspoon vanilla; 2/3 cup sour cream; confectioners' sugar for dusting the cakes | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 325°F. and butter and flour eighteen 1/3-cup brioche or muffin tins. Into a bowl sift together the flour, the baking powder, the salt, and the baking soda and stir in the caraway seeds. In another bowl with an electric mixer cream the butter with the granulated sugar until it is light and fluffy, beat in the eggs, 1 at a time, beating well after each addition, and beat in the zest and the vanilla. Add the flour mixture to the egg mixture alternately with the sour cream in batches, beginning and ending with the flour mixture and beating the batter after each addition. Divide <END>
INPUT: Mexican, shrimp, garlic, sugar, soy sauce, chili powder
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chili Lime Shrimp with Avocado and Coriander | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 pound large shrimp (about 14); 1 garlic clove; 1 tablespoon packed brown sugar; 3 tablespoons soy sauce; 1 teaspoon chili powder; 2 teaspoons fresh lime juice; 1/4 teaspoon dried hot red pepper flakes; 4 teaspoons olive oil; 1 firm-ripe California avocado; 2 teaspoons fresh lemon juice; 2 tablespoons coarsely chopped fresh coriander leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: Shell and devein shrimp and mince garlic. In a bowl stir together garlic, brown sugar, soy sauce, chili powder, lime juice, red pepper flakes, and 2 teaspoons oil and add shrimp, tossing to coat. Marinate shrimp 15 minutes. Preheat broiler. Pit and peel avocado and cut into 1-inch pieces. Drain shrimp and arrange on rack of a broiler pan in one layer. Broil shrimp about 4 inches from heat 2 minutes and with tongs turn shrimp over. Broil shrimp 2 minutes more, or until just cooked through, and transfer to another bowl. Add avocado, lemon juice, coriander, remaining 2 teaspoons oil, and salt and <END>
INPUT: bread, pudding, sugar, margarine, eggs, vanilla extract
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cinnamon-Apple Bread Pudding | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup sugar; 4 ounces (1 stick) unsalted butter; 4 ounces margarine; 2 large eggs; 1 tablespoon vanilla extract; 1 1/2 cups all-purpose flour; 1 tablespoon ground cinnamon; 1 teaspoon baking soda; 3 Granny Smith apples, peeled, cored and sliced; 2 cups whipping cream; 3/4 cup sugar; 2 teaspoons vanilla extract; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 4 large eggs | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: four to six 3-inch ramekins For the cake: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. In a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, cream the sugar, butter and margarine together until light and fluffy. Then add the eggs and vanilla. Add in the flour, cinnamon and baking soda. Fold in the apples and transfer to a baking dish. Bake for 30 minutes, then cool completely. Break the cake into bite-size pieces and divide evenly among four to six 3-inch ramekins. For the cream: In a large bowl, whisk together the cream, sugar, vanilla, salt and eggs. Pour the creme anglaise over the c <END>
INPUT: vinaigrette, passion fruit juice, shallot, Sherry wine vinegar, Dijon mustard, coriander seeds
OUTPUT: TITLE: Avocado and Mango Salad with Passion Fruit Vinaigrette | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons frozen passion fruit juice concentrate, thawed; 3 tablespoons minced shallot; 4 teaspoons Sherry wine vinegar; 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard; 1 teaspoon whole coriander seeds, coarsely cracked; 3 tablespoons olive oil; 8 cups herb salad mix (about 4 ounces); 1 large ripe mango, halved, pitted, peeled, sliced; 2 small avocados, halved, pitted, peeled, sliced | INSTRUCTIONS: Whisk first 5 ingredients in small bowl to blend; gradually whisk in oil. Season dressing generously with salt and pepper. Toss salad mix in large bowl with 1/4 cup dressing. Divide salad among 4 plates. Tuck mango and avocado into salad; drizzle some of remaining dressing over mango and avocado. Whisk first 5 ingredients in small bowl to blend; gradually whisk in oil. Season dressing generously with salt and pepper. Toss salad mix in large bowl with 1/4 cup dressing. Divide salad among 4 plates. Tuck mango and avocado into salad; drizzle some of remaining dressing over mango and avocado. <END>
INPUT: topped, fennel bulb, sugar, water, fennel seeds
OUTPUT: TITLE: Candied-Fennel-Topped Lemon Cake | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 small fennel bulb; 3/4 cup sugar; 3/4 cup water; 3 (3-inch) strips lemon zest, thinly sliced; 1 teaspoon fennel seeds; 1 1/2 cups all-purpose flour; 1 1/2 teaspoons baking powder; 1 teaspoon baking soda; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1 stick unsalted butter, softened; 3/4 cup sugar; 2 large eggs; 1 1/2 teaspoons grated lemon zest; 3/4 cup well-shaken buttermilk; Equipment: a 9-by 2-inch round cake pan; an adjustable-blade slicer | INSTRUCTIONS: Prepare cake pan: Lightly oil pan and line bottom and side with a large round of wax paper, pleating sides and trimming to fit. Lightly oil paper. Line side with a 2-inch-wide strip of wax paper long enough to wrap around inside of pan to cover pleats, then lightly oil. Lightly oil pan and line bottom and side with a large round of wax paper, pleating sides and trimming to fit. Lightly oil paper. Line side with a 2-inch-wide strip of wax paper long enough to wrap around inside of pan to cover pleats, then lightly oil. Make candied fennel: Cut fennel bulb lengthwise with slicer into enough 1/4- <END>
INPUT: strawberries, balsamic vinegar, sugar, super premium vanilla
OUTPUT: TITLE: Balsamic Glazed Strawberries Over Ice Cream | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 large ripe strawberries; 2 tablespoons balsamic vinegar; 2 tablespoons packed brown sugar; About 1 1/2 cups super premium vanilla ice cream | INSTRUCTIONS: Trim strawberries and cut into wedges. In a small heavy saucepan heat vinegar and brown sugar over moderate heat, stirring until sugar is dissolved and simmer 1 minute. Remove pan from heat and add strawberries, tossing to coat. Scoop ice cream into 2 bowls and top with warm glazed strawberries. <END>
INPUT: mole, kosher salt, light sugar, garlic, bay leaves, chicken thighs drumsticks
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Chicken Mole | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup kosher salt; 1 cup light brown sugar; 3 cloves garlic, smashed; 2 bay leaves; 4 pounds bone-in chicken thighs and drumsticks (about 6 of each); 2 tablespoons ancho chile powder; 2 tablespoons granulated garlic; 2 tablespoons kosher salt; 1 1/2 tablespoons ground cumin; 1 tablespoon onion powder; 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 2 teaspoons canola oil; 1 yellow onion, diced; 3 cloves garlic, minced | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. For the brine and chicken: In a medium saucepan, combine 1 cup water, the salt, sugar, garlic and bay leaves. Bring to a simmer to dissolve the sugar and salt. Once boiling, remove from the heat and add 3 cups ice. Once the liquid is cool, pour into a freezer bag. Add the chicken to the brine, making sure it is completely submerged. Refrigerate for 1 hour. For the dry rub: Combine the ancho chile powder, granulated garlic, salt, cumin, onion powder, cinnamon and black pepper together and toast in a dry pan until fragrant, 1 to 2 minutes. Remove the chicken from t <END>
INPUT: American, cheese, water, Kosher salt, elbow macaroni, heavy cream, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Macaroni and Cheese | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 10 cups water; Kosher salt; 3 cups elbow macaroni (preferably De Cecco brand, if available); 1 quart heavy cream; 2 cloves garlic, peeled and lightly crushed with the back of a knife; 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard; 3 to 3 1/2 cups grated Gruyere; Freshly ground white pepper; 1/2 cup finely grated Parmesan; 1/2 cup grated sharp Cheddar; Worcestershire sauce, to taste; Hot sauce, to taste; 1/3 to 1/2 cup toasted bread crumbs | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. In a large pot, bring the water to a rolling boil. Add the salt. Taste the water. It should be salty like sea water. Add the macaroni and stir, with a wooden spoon or large slotted spoon, to ensure the macaroni does not stick to the bottom of the pot as it cooks. Cook until the macaroni is still quite firm, 8 to 10 minutes. Pour the macaroni and water into a strainer placed over the sink. Allow the water to drain out, reserving approximately 1 cup of the liquid. In the same pot, bring the cream, garlic cloves, and the reserved cooking liquid to a simmer. Add  <END>
INPUT: sandwiches, rye bread, Coarse grained Dijon, Swiss cheese, Forest ham, dill
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Ham and Swiss Sandwiches | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 3x5-inch slices seeded rye bread; Coarse-grained Dijon mustard with horseradish; 4 ounces thinly sliced Swiss cheese; 4 ounces thinly sliced Black Forest ham; 4 teaspoons chopped fresh dill; 1 egg; 1 tablespoon unsalted butter | INSTRUCTIONS: Spread 1 side of each bread slice with mustard. Divide half of cheese and all of ham between 2 bread slices; top with remaining cheese. Tuck in cheese and ham around edges. Sprinkle each with 1/2 teaspoon dill. Top with remaining bread, mustard side down, to form sandwiches. Whisk egg and remaining 3 teaspoons dill in 9-inch pie dish. Brush both sides of sandwiches with egg mixture. Melt butter in medium skillet over medium heat. Add sandwiches; cover. Cook until sandwiches are golden and cheese melts, about 6 minutes per side. Cut in half diagonally and serve. Spread 1 side of each bread slic <END>
INPUT: Mexican, zafra, sauce, size shrimp, plump Mexican vanilla, plantains, safflower corn oil, plum tomatoes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Zafra's Shrimp and Plantains with Chipotle Vanilla Chocolate Sauce: Camarones de Papantla con Vainil | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 pounds medium-size shrimp; 2 plump Mexican vanilla beans; 2 ripe plantains (should be soft with blackened skin or large patches of black); 1 cup safflower or corn oil for frying plantains; 2 pounds plum tomatoes (or canned tomatoes, drained), peeled, seeded, and quartered; 3 chipotles en adobo, or to taste; 1/4 cup light olive oil or vegetable oil; Salt; 1 medium white onion, peeled and thinly julienned; 1 tablespoon vanilla extract (if using an unsweetened extract, add 1 teaspoon light brown sugar); 2 ounces fruity dark chocolate (about 70 percent cacao content | INSTRUCTIONS: Peel and de-vein the shrimp leaving on the tails, and set aside. Cut the vanilla beans into 1-inch pieces with a knife, and then chop to a fine bread crumb texture in a small food processor or spice grinder, about 1 tablespoon. Set aside. Cut off the brown ends of the plantains and slit the skin lengthwise from end to end along its ridges, preferably with a table knife. With your fingertips, work off the skin. Slice crosswise into 1/4-inch rounds or at an angle. Heat the vegetable oil over moderate heat in a medium-sized, heavy bottomed saucepan or deep skillet until barely rippling (about 350 <END>
INPUT: Italian, pudding, Vegetable oil pan, unsalted butter, all purpose flour, heavy cream, milk
OUTPUT: TITLE: Parmesan Pudding with Pea Sauce | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: Vegetable-oil spray for pan; 1 1/2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 3 tablespoons all-purpose flour; 2 cups heavy cream; 1 cup plus 2 tablespoons milk; 1 1/2 cups Parmesan cheese, finely grated; 2 teaspoons coarse salt; 3 large egg yolks, lightly beaten; 1 large whole egg, lightly beaten; Sweet Pea Sauce, recipe follows; Sauteed Pea Shoots, recipe follows; 1 1/2 cups fresh sweet peas, blanched and shucked; 3/4 cup homemade or low-sodium canned chicken stock; 3 tablespoons heavy cream; 1/4 teaspoon coarse salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat oven to 325 degrees F. Spray a heatproof glass loaf pan (8 1/2 by 4 1/2 by 2 1/2-inches) with vegetable spray, line bottom and sides with parchment paper and set aside. In a medium saucepan over medium heat, melt butter. Add flour, and stir to combine. Cook until a paste forms, making sure mixture does not brown, about 5 minutes. In a medium bowl, combine cream and milk. Add to flour mixture, whisking constantly. Bring to a boil; add cheese and salt. Return mixture to a boil, whisking often. In a large bowl, whisk together egg yolks and whole egg. Remove pan from heat and whisk milk mixtu <END>
INPUT: Italian, tiramisu, eggs, sugar, mascarpone, salt, heavy cream
OUTPUT: TITLE: Amaretti Tiramisu | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 3 large eggs, separated; 5 tablespoons sugar, divided; 1/2 pound mascarpone (about 1 cup) at room temperature; Pinch of salt; 1/2 cup chilled heavy cream; 1 cup brewed espresso or very strong brewed coffee, cooled to room temperature; 5 ounces amaretti (crisp Italian macaroons; 30 to 40, depending on size) | INSTRUCTIONS: Beat together yolks and 2 tablespoons sugar in a large bowl with an electric mixer at medium speed until thick and pale, about 2 minutes. Beat in mascarpone until just combined. Beat whites with salt in another large bowl with cleaned beaters until they just hold soft peaks. Add remaining 3 tablespoons sugar, a little at a time, beating, then continue to beat until whites just hold stiff peaks. Beat cream in another bowl with cleaned beaters until it just holds stiff peaks. Gently but thoroughly fold cream into mascarpone mixture, then fold mixture into whites. Pour espresso into a shallow bow <END>
INPUT: grind polenta, thyme, Kosher salt pepper, hot sweet Italian
OUTPUT: TITLE: Creamy Polenta with Sausages and Roasted Grapes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup medium-grind polenta (not instant); 3 large sprigs thyme, divided; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 tablespoons (1/4 stick) unsalted butter; 1 pound fresh hot or sweet Italian turkey or chicken sausages; 1/3 cup low-salt chicken broth; 1 pound seedless red grapes, cut into bunches with stems attached; 1/4 cup chopped shallots; 1/3 cup dry white wine; Flat-leaf parsley leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 450°F. Stir polenta and 2 1/2 cups water in a medium microwave-safe bowl; add 1 thyme sprig and season with salt and pepper. Cover with a plate. Microwave for 4 minutes. Carefully remove plate and whisk polenta. Cover and microwave for 4 minutes longer. Repeat until polenta is soft, adding more water by 1/4-cupfuls if too thick, 10-12 minutes total, depending on strength of microwave. Stir in butter. Season to taste with salt and pepper; keep warm. Meanwhile, heat a large cast-iron or ovenproof skillet over medium-high heat. Add sausages and fry until browned, turning occasiona <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, merguez spicy sausages, garlic oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Merguez with Halloumi and Flame-Roasted Peppers | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 8 merguez or spicy sausages (approximately 12 ounces); 1 (8-ounce) block halloumi cheese; 1 (8-ounce) jar flame-roasted peppers; 1 tablespoon garlic oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Place the sausages into a low-sided roasting pan (this makes the cooking time quicker). Slice the halloumi into 1/4-inch slices and then lay them on and around the sausages in the pan. Take the peppers out of the jar and also strew them around the sausages and cheese, cutting them into smaller slices and pieces as you go, then drizzle over the oil. Cook for 15 to 20 minutes, by which time the sausages should have browned and the cheese colored in places. <END>
INPUT: farmhouse, sundaes, goat's milk, heavy cream, goat's milk Cheddar, granulated sugar, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Farmhouse Goat Cheddar Ice Cream Sundaes with Cherry Vanilla Sauce, Spiced Walnuts and Thyme Whipped | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup goat's milk; 1/2 cup heavy cream; 8 ounces goat's milk Cheddar, grated; 3/4 cup granulated sugar; 1/8 teaspoon salt; 2 cups fresh cherries, pitted and halved; 1/2 cup orange juice; 1/4 cup granulated sugar; 1 cinnamon stick; 1 vanilla bean, split; 1 tablespoon cornstarch; Unsalted butter, for greasing pan; 1 large egg white; 3 cups walnut pieces; 1/4 cup brown sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: For the ice cream: In a small, heavy-bottomed saucepot, bring the goat's milk and cream to a boil. Remove from the heat and whisk in the cheese, granulated sugar and salt. Blend the cheese mixture in a blender until smooth. Transfer to a bowl. Freeze the cheese mixture in an ice cream maker according to the manufacturer's instructions. Transfer to an airtight container and put in the freezer to harden, at least 2 hours. Let the ice cream soften 5 minutes before serving. For the cherry vanilla sauce: Combine the cherries, orange juice, granulated sugar and cinnamon stick in a medium saucepan. S <END>
INPUT: vinegar, octopus, oregano leaves, lemon juice, olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Octopus with Vinegar | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 to 7 pound whole octopus, cleaned; 4 tablespoons fresh oregano leaves, chopped; 1/4 cup fresh lemon juice; 1/2 cup olive oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat grill. In a large stockpot, bring water to a boil and then reduce to a simmer. Add whole octopus, and simmer for 1 hour. Remove octopus from boiling water and let cool at room temperature for 15 minutes. Cut the tentacles from the head, and discard the head. Sprinkle oregano over the octopus tentacles. Grill octopus for 10 minutes, turn over and grill for an additional 10 minutes. Remove octopus from the grill and chop into small pieces. In a small mixing bowl, whisk together the lemon juice and olive oil. Place chopped octopus onto serving plates and drizzle lemon vinaigrette over the <END>
INPUT: mousse, whipped, heavy cream, bittersweet chocolate, butter, egg yolks, water
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate Mousse with Whipped Cream and Strawberries | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup heavy cream; 10 ounces bittersweet chocolate; 3 tablespoons butter; 5 egg yolks; 1 tablespoon water; 1/4 cup sugar, divided; 5 egg whites; 1 cup heavy cream; 1 pint ripe strawberries | INSTRUCTIONS: Beat the heavy cream with an electric mixer until it is whipped, and set aside. Melt the chocolate and butter over a double boiler on medium heat. Remove from heat and set aside. Combine the egg yolks, 1 tablespoon water, and half the sugar in a second metal bowl and whisk over the double boiler set over medium heat. (Do not allow any additional water to splash into this bowl.) Continue to whisk and insert a candy thermometer into the mix. When it reaches 145 degrees F, remove from the heat and whip with an electric mixer until it cools. Set aside briefly. Wash and dry the beaters for the elec <END>
INPUT: pudding, cubes day old, unsweetened chocolate, milk, heavy cream
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate Bread Pudding | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 stick (1/4 cup) unsalted butter; 4 cups 1-inch cubes day-old country-style white bread; 3 ounces unsweetened chocolate (not bittersweet); 1 3/4 cups whole milk; 1 cup heavy cream; 3 large egg yolks; 3/4 cup sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350° F Melt butter and in a bowl toss with bread. Chop chocolate and transfer to another bowl. In a saucepan bring milk and cream to a simmer and remove pan from heat. Add cream mixture to chocolate, whisking until smooth. Add yolks and sugar, whisking until combined well. Pour custard over bread. Let pudding stand, covered, 1 hour. Preheat oven to 350° F and butter an 8- by 8- by 2-inch square baking pan.Transfer pudding to pan and bake in middle of oven until just set but still trembles slightly, about 25 minutes. Serve pudding warm or at room temperature. Preheat oven to 350 <END>
INPUT: French, salad, poached chicken, celery, scallions, tarragon dill, parsley
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken Salad | CUISINE: French | INGREDIENTS: 4 cups diced poached chicken, recipe follows; 1 stalk celery, cut into 1/4-inch dice; 4 scallions, trimmed and thinly sliced or 1/4 cup sweet onion cut into 1/4-inch dice; 1 1/2 teaspoons finely chopped fresh tarragon or fresh dill; 2 tablespoons finely chopped parsley; 1 cup prepared or homemade mayonnaise; 2 teaspoons strained freshly squeezed lemon juice; 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard; 2 teaspoons kosher salt; Freshly ground black pepper; 10 sprigs parsley; 2 sprigs fresh thyme; 1 small onion, halved; 1 small carrot, halved; 1 stalk celery, halved | INSTRUCTIONS: In a mixing bowl, toss together the chicken, celery, scallions and herbs. Set aside. In a small bowl, whisk together the mayonnaise, lemon juice, mustard, salt and pepper to taste. Add to the chicken and mix gently until combined. Refrigerate until ready to serve. Put the parsley, thyme, onion, carrot, celery, and chicken breasts in a medium saucepan. Cover with the broth, and bring just to a boil. Lower the heat to very low and cover. Poach the chicken for 20 minutes or until firm to the touch. Remove the pan from the heat, uncover, cool the chicken in the liquid for 30 minutes. Transfer the  <END>
INPUT: American, lattice, pie crust, Granny Smith apples, all purpose flour, apple pie spice, lemon zest
OUTPUT: TITLE: Bacon Lattice Pie | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: One 9-inch pie crust, in tin; 6 cups sliced Granny Smith apples (from about 8 apples); 1/4 cup all-purpose flour; 1 teaspoon apple pie spice; 1 teaspoon grated lemon zest; 1/2 cup plus 2 tablespoons light brown sugar; 2 tablespoons maple syrup; One 12-ounce package bacon (12 slices); 1 tablespoon apple cider vinegar; Cracked black pepper; Whipped cream, for serving, optional | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F and line a baking sheet with parchment paper. Combine the apples flour, apple pie spice, lemon zest, 1/2 cup of the sugar and 1 tablespoon of the maple syrup in a large bowl. Mix together to thoroughly coat the apples. Transfer the apple mixture into the pie crust. It will be mounded slightly above the edge. Pack the apples down to create an even layer for the bacon lattice. Place 6 slices of bacon horizontally across the pie. The edges of each slice should touch, but not overlap. Working with the remaining 6 slices, weave the bacon in an over-under pattern to <END>
INPUT: raspberries, firmly light sugar, very hot water, unsalted butter, vanilla extract
OUTPUT: TITLE: Baked Rhubarb with Raspberries | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/3 cups raspberries (about 6 ounces); 3/4 cup firmly packed light brown sugar; 1/4 cup very hot water; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, cut into bits; 1/4 teaspoon vanilla extract; 1 pound rhubarb, trimmed and cut into 1/2-inch pieces (about 4 cups); vanilla ice cream or whipped cream as an accompaniment | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350°F. In a blender purée the raspberries with the brown sugar and the water, strain the purée through a sieve into a bowl, pressing hard on the solids, and stir in the butter, the vanilla, and the rhubarb. Transfer the mixture to an 11- by 7-inch baking dish and bake the dessert in the middle of the oven, stirring very gently after 15 minutes, for 30 minutes, or until the rhubarb is soft. Let the dessert cool for 10 minutes and serve it with the ice cream or whipped cream. Preheat the oven to 350°F. In a blender purée the raspberries with the brown sugar and the water, str <END>
INPUT: Italian, meatballs, virgin olive oil, onion, garlic, parsley leaves, milk
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spaghetti and Meatballs | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 6 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1 medium onion, chopped; 2 cloves garlic, chopped; 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh parsley leaves; 1 cup milk; 4 thick slices firm white bread, crust removed, cut into cubes, about 2 cups; 2 pounds ground beef; 2 pounds ground pork; 1 egg; 1/2 cup freshly grated Parmesan, plus more for serving; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1/2 pound mozzarella cheese, cut into 10 (1-inch) cubes; 2 cups heated Sugo Sauce, recipe follows; 1 pound dried spaghetti; 8 fresh basil leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat 3 tablespoons oil in an ovenproof skillet over medium heat; cook the onions, garlic, and parsley until softened, about 10 minutes. Scrape out onto a plate and allow the mixture to cool; set the pan aside. Pour the milk over the bread into a medium bowl and let it soak while the onions are cooling. Combine the meats in a large bowl and add the egg and Parmesan. Season with salt and pepper. Squeeze the excess milk from the bread and add the bread to the bowl along with the cooled onion mixture. Using your hands, gently combine all the ingredients until they are thoroughly mixed. Don't overm <END>
INPUT: Indian, curry, baking potatoes, clarified butter, onions, pureed garlic, ginger
OUTPUT: TITLE: Potato Pea Curry | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 3 large baking potatoes, peeled; 1/2 cup clarified butter; 2 large onions, diced; 1 tablespoon pureed garlic; 1 tablespoon freshly grated ginger; 2 1/2 tablespoons ground cumin; 1 teaspoon turmeric; 1/2 tablespoon ground coriander; 1/2 tablespoon dried red pepper flakes; 3 tomatoes, peeled, seeded, and diced; 2 to 3 cups water; 1 tablespoon salt; 2 cups fresh or frozen peas, thawed; 1 tablespoon palm sugar, or brown sugar; 1/4 cup fresh lime juice | INSTRUCTIONS: Cut potatoes into 1/2-inch dice. Place in a bowl and rinse with cold running water until water runs clear, to remove excess starch. Heat 1/4 cup clarified butter in a saucepan over medium-high heat. Saute onions until brown. At same time, heat remaining clarified butter in a large skillet over moderate heat. Fry potatoes until golden and add Sauteed onions. Add garlic and ginger, and cook just long enough to release their aromas. Remove from heat and add cumin, turmeric, coriander, and pepper flakes. Return pan to moderate heat and cook 12 minutes, stirring constantly. Stir in tomatoes, water, <END>
INPUT: American, buffalo, chicken wings, unsalted butter, garlic, hot sauce, kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Buffalo Wings | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 12 whole chicken wings; 3 ounces unsalted butter; 1 small clove garlic, minced; 1/4 cup hot sauce; 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Place a 6-quart saucepan with a steamer basket and 1-inch of water in the bottom, over high heat, cover and bring to a boil. Remove the tips of the wings and discard or save for making stock. Using kitchen shears, or a knife, separate the wings at the joint. Place the wings into the steamer basket, cover, reduce the heat to medium and steam for 10 minutes. Remove the wings from the basket and carefully pat dry. Lay the wings out on a cooling rack set in a half sheet pan lined with paper towels and place in the refrigerator for 1 hour. Preheat the oven to 425 degr <END>
INPUT: American, marbled, russet potatoes, sweet potato, sour cream, unsalted butter, scallions
OUTPUT: TITLE: Marbled Stuffed Potatoes | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 4 large russet potatoes; 1 large sweet potato; 1/4 cup sour cream; 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, cut into pieces and softened; 2 scallions, thinly sliced; 3/4 cup shredded sharp cheddar cheese Pinch of freshly grated nutmeg; Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper; Extra-virgin olive oil, for brushing | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Put the russet and sweet potatoes directly on the oven rack and bake 30 minutes. Pierce each potato a few times with a fork and continue to bake until tender, 15 to 20 more minutes for the sweet potato and 20 to 25 more minutes for the russet potatoes. Let cool slightly. Peel the sweet potato. Transfer to a bowl and mash lightly with a fork until almost smooth. Trim a thin slice off the top of each russet potato, cutting lengthwise. Scoop most of the flesh into another bowl, leaving the shells intact. Add the sour cream and butter to the bowl and mash with a  <END>
INPUT: tabbouleh, water, bulgur, onion, cumin, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Corn Tabbouleh in Tomato Cups | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup water; 1/2 cup bulgur; 1/3 cup minced onion; 1 1/2 teaspoons ground cumin; 1 teaspoon salt; 12 medium vine-ripened tomatoes (about 2 1/4 pounds); 2 cups packed fresh flat-leafed parsley leaves; 1 cup packed fresh mint leaves; 1 large garlic clove; 2 ears fresh corn; 3 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Prepare grill. In a small saucepan bring water to a boil and remove pan from heat. Stir in bulgur and soak 1 hour. While bulgur is soaking, in a bowl stir together onion, cumin, and salt and let stand 1 hour. Cut about 1/2-inch-thick slices from tops of tomatoes and scoop out insides to form cups. Mince parsley, mint, and garlic. Shuck corn and grill on a lightly oiled rack set 5 to 6 inches over glowing coals, turning occasionally, until browned and tender, 8 to 10 minutes. When corn is cool enough to handle, cut kernels from cobs and add to onion mixture. Drain bulgur in a sieve, pressing ha <END>
INPUT: bars, Vegetable oil, unsalted butter, all purpose flour, light sugar, confectioner's sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Classic Lemon Bars | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Vegetable oil, for greasing; 1 1/2 sticks unsalted butter, diced; 2 cups all-purpose flour; 1/4 cup packed light brown sugar; 1/2 cup confectioner's sugar, plus more for garnish; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 4 large eggs, plus 2 egg yolks; 2 cups granulated sugar; 1/3 cup all-purpose flour, sifted; 1 teaspoon grated lemon zest; 1 cup fresh lemon juice (from about 8 lemons) | INSTRUCTIONS: Make the crust: Position a rack in the middle of the oven and preheat to 350 degrees F. Grease a 9-by-13-inch pan with vegetable oil and line with foil, leaving a 2-inch overhang on all sides; grease the foil with oil. Pulse the butter, flour, both sugars and the salt in a food processor until the dough comes together, about 1 minute. Press evenly into the bottom and about 1/2 inch up the sides of the prepared pan, making sure there are no cracks. Bake until the crust is golden, about 25 minutes. Meanwhile, make the filling: Whisk the whole eggs and yolks, sugar and flour in a bowl until smoot <END>
INPUT: beer, baking, cake mix, vegetable oil, eggs, lager
OUTPUT: TITLE: Can o' Beer Cake | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Nonstick baking spray, for preparing the pan; One 15-ounce box yellow cake mix; 1/3 cup vegetable oil; 3 large eggs; One 12-ounce can lager, such as Budweiser or Sam Adams; 1/4 cup granulated sugar; 1 1/2 cups confectioners' sugar, sifted; One 12-ounce bag frozen cherries, thawed; Whipped cream for serving, optional | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: a 10-cup plain Bundt pan Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F and spray a 10-cup plain Bundt pan with nonstick baking spray. Whisk the cake mix, oil, eggs and 1 cup beer in a large bowl until smooth and well-combined, at least 30 seconds. Pour the batter into the prepared pan, smoothing the top with a rubber spatula, then bake until a cake tester inserted in the center of the cake comes out clean, 45 to 50 minutes. Meanwhile, pour 2 tablespoons beer in a heatproof glass bowl and microwave until hot, about 30 seconds. Stir in 2 tablespoons granulated sugar until dissolved. Let t <END>
INPUT: jerk, rubbed, coriander, ginger, light sugar, onion powder, garlic powder
OUTPUT: TITLE: Jerk Rubbed Chicken Thighs with Home-Made Mango-Habanero Hot Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons ground coriander; 2 tablespoons ground ginger; 2 tablespoons light brown sugar; 1 tablespoon onion powder; 1 tablespoon garlic powder; 1 tablespoon kosher salt; 1 tablespoon cayenne powder; 2 teaspoons coarse black pepper; 2 teaspoons dry thyme; 1 teaspoon cinnamon; 1 teaspoon allspice; 1 teaspoon ground cloves; 8 chicken thighs; Sliced fresh mango; Homemade Mango Habanero Sauce, recipe follows | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Combine all spices in a small bowl. Rub the skin side of the chicken with the rub and let rest for 30 minutes. Heat the grill to medium heat and grill the thighs, skin side down for 12 to 15 minutes, or until golden brown. Turn the chicken, close the cover of the grill and move the chicken to the side (or cooler part) of the grill. Continue cooking for 6 to 7 minutes or until completely cooked through. Remove to a platter and let rest 5 minutes before serving. Serve fresh mango slices and Mango-Habanero Hot Sauce. Sprinkle leaves of cilantro on top. Heat oil in m <END>
INPUT: Italian, risotto, onions, olive oil, garlic, coarse bulgur, chicken broth
OUTPUT: TITLE: Bulgur Risotto with Spinach and Bacon | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 2 medium onions, chopped; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 2 teaspoons minced garlic; 2 cups coarse bulgur; 4 cups chicken broth; 3 1/2 cups water; 1/2 pound sliced bacon, chopped; 12 cups baby spinach (8 ounces), trimmed; 2/3 cup freshly grated Parmesan | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook onion in oil in a 2-quart heavy saucepan over moderate heat, stirring, until softened. Add garlic and cook, stirring, 30 seconds. Add bulgur, broth, and water and bring to a boil. Reduce heat and simmer, covered, until bulgur is tender and creamy (like risotto), about 20 minutes. While bulgur is simmering, cook bacon in a skillet over moderate heat, stirring, until crisp, then drain on paper towels. Stir spinach into bulgur until wilted, then stir in Parmesan, half of bacon, and salt and pepper, to taste. Serve "risotto" sprinkled with remaining bacon. <END>
INPUT: Italian, cheesy, olive oil, garlic, onion, parsley leaves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cheesy Penne | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons olive oil; 3 cloves garlic, minced; 1 medium to large white onion, diced; 1 (29 to 32-ounce) can crushed tomatoes; 1/4 cup finely chopped parsley leaves, plus about 12 small sprigs to garnish; 1/2 teaspoon dried marjoram, or 1 teaspoon finely chopped fresh marjoram; 1/2 teaspoon dried thyme, or 1 teaspoon finely chopped fresh thyme leaves; 1/4 cup cornstarch; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 (16-ounce) package penne pasta; 1/2 stick (2 ounces, or 1/4 cup) butter, cut into chunks; 4 ounces cream cheese, cut into chunks; 1 large ripe tomato, diced | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring a pot of salted water to a boil for the pasta. Heat olive oil over medium-high heat in a medium saucepot, and saute garlic and onion until the onions become translucent, being careful not to burn them. Add crushed tomatoes, fresh parsley, marjoram and thyme. Create a slurry by gradually whisking cornstarch into 1/2 cup water. Add the slurry to the sauce to thicken and season, to taste, with salt and pepper. Bring to a boil, then reduce heat to low, cover and simmer about 20 minutes, checking periodically to make sure the sauce doesn't burn. While the sauce is cooking, boil the penne unti <END>
INPUT: gravy, canola oil, andouille sausage, shallots, garlic, Creole Cajun spice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spicy Shrimp and Grits with Andouille Sausage Red Eye Gravy | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons canola oil; 8 ounces andouille sausage, sliced into 1/4-inch rounds; 4 large shallots, medium dice; 6 cloves garlic, thinly sliced; 2 teaspoons Creole or Cajun spice mix; 2 cups chicken stock or broth; 1/2 cup strong brewed coffee; 1/4 cup Worcestershire sauce; 1 tablespoon Tabasco sauce; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1 1/2 pounds shrimp, peeled and deveined; Cheesy Grits, recipe follows; Green onions, chopped, for garnish; 2 1/2 cups whole milk; 4 tablespoons unsalted butter | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Heat the oil in a 12-inch skillet over medium-high heat. Add the andouille sausage, shallots, garlic and 1 teaspoon Creole spice mix and cook until the shallots become translucent and the sausage browns, 10 to 12 minutes. Add the chicken stock, coffee, Worcestershire sauce and Tabasco sauce to the skillet and bring to a boil. Add the butter, reduce the heat and simmer until reduced by one-third. Add the shrimp and remaining teaspoon Creole spice mix and simmer until the shrimp are just cooked through, 5 to 6 minutes. Divide the cheesy grits among bowls and top wi <END>
INPUT: American, pears, pear, firmly dark sugar, rosemary, crumbled Gorgonzola cheese, ruby Port
OUTPUT: TITLE: Baked Pears with Rosemary, Gorgonzola Cheese and Port | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 large ripe pear, halved, cored; 1 tablespoon firmly packed dark brown sugar; 1/2 teaspoon chopped fresh rosemary; 2 tablespoons crumbled Gorgonzola cheese (about 3/4 ounce); 2 tablespoons ruby Port | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 400°F. Sprinkle each pear half with brown sugar and rosemary, dividing evenly. Arrange pears in glass pie plate. Bake until tender and golden, about 20 to 30 minutes. Sprinkle half of cheese over each. Bake until cheese melts, approximately 5 minutes. Place pears on plates. Spoon 1 tablespoon of Port over each and serve. Preheat oven to 400°F. Sprinkle each pear half with brown sugar and rosemary, dividing evenly. Arrange pears in glass pie plate. Bake until tender and golden, about 20 to 30 minutes. Sprinkle half of cheese over each. Bake until cheese melts, approximately 5 mi <END>
INPUT: sweet potatoes, butter, olive oil, seasoned salt, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sweet Potato Fries | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 sweet potatoes, peeled and cut into thin fries; 1/2 stick butter, melted; 4 tablespoons olive oil; 2 teaspoons seasoned salt; Ground pepper; Minced fresh parsley | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F. Place the fries in a bowl and drizzle over the melted butter, olive oil, seasoned salt and pepper to taste, and toss together. Tip onto a baking sheet and bake for 10 to 15 minutes. Sprinkle over the parsley before serving. <END>
INPUT: vegetable oil, scallions, bell pepper, shelled edamame, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Edamame Fried Rice | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 to 3 tablespoons vegetable oil; 4 scallions, sliced, white and green parts separated; 1 red bell pepper, diced; 1 cup shelled edamame, thawed if using frozen; 2 cloves garlic, chopped; 2 large eggs; 2 tablespoons low-sodium soy sauce, plus more if needed; 2 cups cooked long-grain white rice | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Heat the oil in a large skillet. Add the scallion whites and bell peppers and cook until just starting to soften, a few minutes. Stir in the edamame and garlic, then cook for 30 seconds. Break the eggs into the skillet and stir-fry them quickly to scramble them. Add the soy sauce. Add the rice and stir it around to cook it for a couple of minutes. Add more soy sauce if you like. Serve garnished with the scallion greens. <END>
INPUT: candy bars, egg, milk, canola oil, all purpose flour
OUTPUT: TITLE: Deep-Fried Candy Bars | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 candy bars (recommended: Snickers, Milky Way,Zero, etc); 1 egg; 1 cup milk; 1 tablespoon canola oil; 1 cup all-purpose flour; 1 teaspoon baking powder; 1 pinch salt; 4 cups oil, for deep-frying | INSTRUCTIONS: Freeze the candy bars. Combine the egg, milk and vegetable oil in a cup. In a medium bowl, combine the flour, baking powder and salt. Pour the wet ingredients into the dry ingredients and mix well with a whisk. Cover and refrigerate for a few minutes while the oil heats. Heat 4 cups of oil to 375 degrees F in a heavy-bottomed pot or a deep-fryer. Remove the batter from the refrigerator and adjust the consistency, if necessary. Dip the chilled candy bars in the batter and gently put them into the oil. Cook only until the outside is golden. Remove the bars from the oil and drain on paper towels  <END>
INPUT: carrots, Heavy kosher salt, good quality ginger, chili powder
OUTPUT: TITLE: Glazed Carrots | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound carrots, approximately 7 medium, peeled and cut on the bias 1/4-inch thick; 1 ounce (2 tablespoons) unsalted butter; Heavy pinch kosher salt; 1 cup good-quality ginger ale; 1/2 teaspoon chili powder; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh parsley leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. In a 12-inch saute pan over medium heat, combine the carrots, butter, salt and ginger ale. Cover and bring to a simmer. Once simmering, remove the lid, stir, and reduce the heat to low. Cover again and cook for 5 minutes. Remove the lid, add the chili powder and increase the heat to high. Cook, tossing occasionally, until the ginger ale is reduced to a glaze, approximately 4 to 5 minutes. Pour into a serving dish and sprinkle with the parsley. Serve immediately. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, crusted, relish, eye steaks, Olive oil, Salt, ancho chile powder, peppercorns
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pepper Crusted Bone in Rib-Eye with Tomato-Cilantro Relish and Bbq Red Onions and Texas Toast | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 4 bone-in rib eye steaks (13 ounces each), at room temperature; Olive oil; Salt; 1/4 cup ancho chile powder; 1/4 cup coarsely ground black peppercorns; 1 cup cilantro leaves, chopped; 1/4 cup spinach leaves; 1 tablespoon pine nuts; 3 tablespoons grated Parmesan cheese; 1/2 cup olive oil; 4 plum tomatoes, diced; 1/4 cup balsamic vinegar; Salt and pepper; 2 red onions, peeled and sliced 1/2-inch thick; 1 cup BBQ sauce | INSTRUCTIONS: For the Rib Eye: Preheat grill pan. Brush steaks on both sides with olive oil and season with salt. Mix ancho and black pepper together. Dredge 1 side of the steaks in the pepper mixture and sear the steaks pepper-side down for 4 to 5 minutes until golden brown. Turn the steaks over and continue grilling for 5 to 6 minutes for medium rare doneness. For the Tomato-Cilantro Relish: Place cilantro, spinach, pine nuts, cheese and oil in a bowl and blend until combined. Place tomatoes in a bowl, add balsamic vinegar, mix well and season with salt and pepper to taste. For the BBQ Red Onions: Brush o <END>
INPUT: French, leek, Vidalia other sweet, artichoke hearts, spinach, Brie
OUTPUT: TITLE: Baked Crab, Brie, and Artichoke Dip | CUISINE: French | INGREDIENTS: 1 medium leek; 1 medium Vidalia or other sweet onion; 1/2 cup drained canned artichoke hearts; 1/2 cup thawed frozen chopped spinach; 1 pound Brie; 2 tablespoons minced garlic; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1/4 cup Riesling or other medium-dry white wine; 2/3 cup heavy cream; 3 tablespoons finely chopped fresh parsley leaves; 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh dill leaves; 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh tarragon leaves; 1 pound fresh jumbo lump crab meat; 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard; 1 teaspoon Tabasco, or to taste | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 425° F. and lightly oil an 11-inch gratin or other shallow baking dish (about 6-cup). Trim and finely chop leek. In a large bowl of water wash leek well and lift from water into large sieve to drain. Finely chop onion. Rinse and finely chop artichoke hearts. Squeeze dry and finely chop spinach. Discard rind from Brie and cut into 1/4-inch pieces. In a heavy skillet cook leek, onion, and garlic in oil over moderate heat, stirring until pale golden and stir in artichoke hearts and spinach. Add wine and cook, stirring, 3 minutes. Add cream and simmer, stirring, 1 minute. Add Brie, <END>
INPUT: Mexican, parchment, virgin olive oil, garlic, smoked paprika, curly kale, no salt cannellini
OUTPUT: TITLE: Clam, Chorizo and Kale Parchment Pack | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 1 clove garlic, finely grated; 1 teaspoon smoked paprika; 5 ounces curly kale, stems removed, leaves thinly sliced (about 3 tightly-packed cups); One 15-ounce can no-salt cannellini beans, drained and rinsed; 1 ounce Spanish-style chorizo, papery skin peeled, sliced into thin half-moons (about 1/4 cup); 32 littleneck clams, scrubbed; 1/4 cup dry sherry or dry white wine; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley leaves, for serving | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: parchment paper Position 2 racks in the upper and lower thirds of the oven and preheat to 400 degrees F. Combine the olive oil, garlic, and smoked paprika in a small bowl and set aside. Cut four 16-inch long sheets of parchment paper. Fold each sheet in half and open it like a book. Divide the pieces of parchment between 2 baking sheets (2 pieces per sheet). Divide the kale, beans, and chorizo between the four parchment sheets, placing ingredients on one side of the fold. Drizzle with the sherry and garlic-paprika oil. Top each serving with a single layer of 8 clams. Fold ov <END>
INPUT: Italian, spring, Kosher salt, fusilli pasta, ricotta cheese, Zest juice lemon, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spring Fiddlehead Pasta | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: Kosher salt; 12 ounces fusilli pasta; 3/4 cup ricotta cheese; Zest and juice of 1 lemon; Freshly ground black pepper; 6 tablespoons unsalted butter; 2 1/2 cups fiddlehead ferns | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring a large pot of generously salted water to a boil, add the pasta and cook until very al dente, about 9 minutes. Reserve 1/2 cup of the pasta water and drain the pasta. Combine the ricotta, lemon zest and a few grinds of black pepper in small bowl and set aside. Melt the butter in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Once the butter begins to foam, add the fiddleheads and sprinkle with pepper and 3/4 teaspoon of salt. Cook, stirring gently, until the fiddleheads are crisp-tender and caramelized, 3 to 4 minutes. Remove the skillet from the heat and transfer the fiddleheads to a bowl. Add  <END>
INPUT: Asian, bottled teriyaki marinade, Reisling wine, Dijon mustard, ginger
OUTPUT: TITLE: Eur-Asian Marinated Alaska Salmon | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup (about 4 to 6) finely chopped green onions; 1/2 cup bottled teriyaki marinade; 1/2 cup Reisling wine; 1 Tablespoon Dijon mustard; 1 Tablespoon minced ginger; 1 Tablespoon minced garlic; 1/2 teaspoon red chili flakes; 4 Alaska Salmon steaks or fillets (6 to 8 oz. each), fresh or thawed | INSTRUCTIONS: Whisk all ingredients except salmon together in a bowl; place in large resealable bag. Add Alaska Salmon; seal bag and turn several times to coat. Marinate in refrigerator for 15 to 30 minutes. Heat oven to 375 degrees F. Transfer salmon and some of the onions to a spray-coated baking dish. Cover pan and roast about 15 minutes, cooking just until fish is opaque throughout. Variation: Place marinated salmon on well-oiled grill preheated to medium-high heat (450 degrees F). Cook 8 to 10 minutes, turning once during cooking. Cook just until fish is opaque throughout. <END>
INPUT: salad, vinaigrette, baby spinach leaves, fennel bulb, grapefruit sections, reduced sodium vegetable, shallots
OUTPUT: TITLE: Baby Spinach, Fennel and Grapefruit Salad with Shallot Vinaigrette | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 cups baby spinach leaves; 1 fennel bulb, trimmed of any stalks or fronds and thinly sliced; 1 cup grapefruit sections; 1/2 cup reduced-sodium vegetable or chicken broth; 1/4 cup finely minced shallots; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley leaves; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1 tablespoon red wine vinegar; 2 teaspoons Dijon mustard; Salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Place the spinach, fennel, and grapefruit in a large salad bowl. In a small bowl, whisk together broth, shallots, parsley, oil, vinegar, and Dijon. Season with salt and pepper. Pour the vinaigrette over the salad just before serving. <END>
INPUT: soup, assorted tomatoes, cherry tomatoes, virgin olive oil, garlic, onions
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Tomato Soup | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 1/2 pounds assorted tomatoes (heirloom, vine and plum); 1/2 cup cherry tomatoes, for garnish (optional); 1/2 cup extra-virgin olive oil, plus more for drizzling; 6 cloves garlic; 2 small onions, sliced; Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper; 1 quart chicken stock; 2 bay leaves; 4 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1/2 cup chopped fresh basil; 3/4 cup heavy cream; Grilled Cheese with Apple and Bacon, optional, for serving, recipe follows | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F. Core and halve the tomatoes (leave the cherry tomatoes whole). Heat a flameproof roasting pan over medium-high heat. Drizzle with the 1/2 cup olive oil, then spread all of the tomatoes, the garlic and onions in the pan. Cook, stirring gently, until the garlic is browned, about 5 minutes. Season with salt and pepper. Transfer the pan to the oven and roast until the tomatoes are caramelized, 20 to 30 minutes. Remove the roasted tomatoes, garlic and onions from the oven and transfer to a large stockpot (set aside the cherry tomatoes for garnish). Add 3 cups chic <END>
INPUT: granita, kosher salt, sugar, rose water, blackberries, lime juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sweet Granita With Blackberries, Toasted Almonds, and Mint | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Pinch of kosher salt; 1/2 cup plus 2 teaspoons sugar; 1 teaspoon rose water (optional); 6 ounces blackberries (about 1 1/2 cups); 1/3 cup fresh lime juice; 1/4 cup sliced almonds; 1/4 cup torn mint leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring salt, 1/2 cup sugar, and 2 cups water to a boil in a small saucepan, stirring to dissolve salt and sugar. Let syrup cool. Stir in rose water, if using, and pour mixture into a 13x9x2" baking pan, preferably metal. Freeze mixture until edges begin to set, 25–30 minutes. Using a fork, scrape to break up any frozen parts, then continue to freeze, scraping and breaking up mixture every 20–30 minutes, until it resembles fluffy shaved ice, 2–3 hours. Toss blackberries, lime juice, and remaining 2 tsp. sugar in a medium bowl. Let sit at room temperature, tossing occasionally, until berries soft <END>
INPUT: American, chocolate wafer cookies, butter, purchased butterscotch caramel, mocha almond fudge, hot fudge topping
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mocha-Almond Fudge Pie | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 9-ounce box chocolate wafer cookies; 7 tablespoons butter, melted; 3/4 cup purchased butterscotch caramel sauce; 1/2 gallon mocha almond fudge ice cream, slightly softened; 1 16-ounce jar hot fudge topping, slightly warmed; 1 cup chopped chocolate-covered English toffee (such as Almond Roca or Heath bars; about 5 ounces) | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 325°F. Finely grind chocolate cookies in food processor. Add butter and process until crumbs are moist and stick together. Using plastic wrap as aid, firmly press crumbs onto bottom and up sides of 9-inch-diameter deep-dish glass pie plate. Bake crust 10 minutes. Freeze until cold, about 15 minutes. Spread butterscotch sauce over bottom of crust; freeze until firm, about 15 minutes. Spoon ice cream into crust, pressing to compact and mounding slightly in center. Freeze 15 minutes. Spread fudge topping over ice cream; freeze 5 minutes. Press chopped toffee onto topping. Cover an <END>
INPUT: flatbread, salad, water, yeast, all purpose flour, olive oil, Salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Flatbread with Cucumber-Yogurt Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cups warm water; 1/2 teaspoon dry yeast; 4 cups all-purpose flour; 2 tablespoons green olive oil, plus more for brushing; Salt and pepper; 2 cucumbers, peeled and coarsely grated; 8 ounces plain yogurt, drained through a strainer lined with cheesecloth for 1 hour; 4 cloves garlic, finely chopped; 1/2 teaspoon ground cumin; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh dill; Salt and freshly ground pepper; Dill sprigs | INSTRUCTIONS: Mix water and yeast and let stand 15 minutes. Gradually pour in 2 cups of the flour and incorporate. Mix for about 1 minute to form a sponge. Let stand, covered for at least 1 hour up to 2 hours to create the sponge. Put sponge in the bowl of an electric mixer. Using the dough hook, add flour 1/2 cup at a time to form dough. Remove from bowl and knead. Place in a clean oiled bowl and let rise, slowly, about 1 hour. Divide dough into 4 balls. Roll out into 6-inch circles. Heat grill to high. Brush the dough with olive oil and season with pepper. Grill the bread for 2 1/2 to 3 minutes on each si <END>
INPUT: frittata, egg whites, eggs, olive oil, chicken sausage links, sweet potatoes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken Sausage Frittata with Side Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 10 egg whites; 2 whole eggs; 2 tablespoons olive oil, divided; 2 chicken sausage links, chopped; 1 cup peeled and 1/4-inch diced sweet potatoes; 1 green bell pepper, seeded and chopped; 1 red bell pepper, seeded and chopped; 1/2 yellow onion, chopped; 2 cloves garlic, minced; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; Nonstick cooking spray; 1/2 cup shredded Monterey jack cheese; 1/2 bunch fresh cilantro leaves, chopped; Side Salad, for serving, recipe follows; 2 heads green leaf lettuce | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. In a large bowl, mix the egg whites and whole eggs with a wire whisk until foamy. In a large nonstick pan over medium heat, add 1 tablespoon olive oil, chicken sausage, sweet potatoes, peppers, onion, garlic, salt, and pepper. Saute the mixture for 6 to 8 minutes, or until the onion begins to brown. Transfer the sausage mixture from the pan and put in a large bowl. Wipe down the pan and spray the nonstick pan with cooking spray and add the eggs, cook over medium heat until the edges begin to harden. Pour the sausage mixture into the eggs. Sprinkle with the sh <END>
INPUT: latkes, russet potatoes, onion, Kosher salt pepper, beet, egg
OUTPUT: TITLE: Beet-and-Potato Latkes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 medium russet potatoes (about 1 1/4 pounds); 1 small onion; Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper; 1 medium beet; 1 large egg, lightly beaten; 1/3 cup matzo meal or all-purpose flour; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley; Schmaltz (rendered chicken fat); or vegetable oil, for frying; Chopped chives, creme fraiche and/or salmon roe for topping (optional) | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 250 degrees F. Set a wire rack on a rimmed baking sheet. Peel and rinse the potatoes, then grate on the large holes of a box grater into a colander set over a large bowl. Grate the onion into the colander; season with 1 teaspoon salt and 1/2 teaspoon pepper. Squeeze the potato mixture with your hands to remove as much liquid as possible, transferring the mixture to a paper towel-lined plate as you go. Wipe out the bowl. Blot the potato mixture dry with paper towels and return to the dry bowl. Peel the beet and grate on the large holes of the box grater; add to the bowl with <END>
INPUT: garlic, virgin olive oil, Kosher salt, Brussels sprouts, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Brussels Sprouts with Balsamic Honey | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 8 cloves garlic, thinly sliced; 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil; Kosher salt; 2 pounds Brussels sprouts, trimmed and halved; Freshly ground pepper; 3/4 cup white balsamic vinegar; 2 tablespoons packed light brown sugar; 2 teaspoons honey; 1 bay leaf; Shaved pecorino romano or parmesan cheese, for topping | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Combine the garlic and olive oil in a small saucepan over low heat. Gently simmer, stirring occasionally, until the garlic is lightly golden and crisp, 5 to 6 minutes. Remove from the heat; transfer the garlic to a paper towel-lined plate using a slotted spoon and season with salt. Reserve the garlic oil. Toss the Brussels sprouts with the reserved garlic oil on a baking sheet and spread in an even layer; season with salt and pepper. Roast until the Brussels sprouts are tender and slightly charred, 30 to 35 minutes. Meanwhile, combine the vinegar, brown sugar <END>
INPUT: madeleine, unsifted cake flour, baking powder, salt, unsalted butter, granulated sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lemon Verbena Madeleine | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups unsifted cake flour; 1 teaspoon baking powder; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1 cup unsalted butter, room temperature; 1 2/3 cups granulated sugar; 5 large eggs; 1 1/2 teaspoons vanilla extract; Lemon verbena syrup (recipe follows); 1/3 cup lemon juice; 1/3 cup sugar; 3 tablespoons water; 1 tablespoon minced fresh lemon verbena or lemon thyme | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 325 degrees F. with rack positioned in the center of the oven. In a bowl, sift together flour, baking powder, salt, and set aside. In a mixing bowl with an electric mixer fitted with a paddle (if available), beat butter until soft and fluffy. Gradually add sugar and beat until very light and creamy. Add the eggs, one at a time, beating well after each addition. Beat in the vanilla. Gradually stir in the flour mixture and blend well. Turn the batter into Madeleine pans that have been spread with a generous amount of softened butter and dusted with flour. Use a spatula to scrape  <END>
INPUT: smoothie, pumpkin, vanilla soy milk, vanilla yogurt, pumpkin spice, lemon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pumpkin Smoothie | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups canned pumpkin; 1/2 cup vanilla soy milk; 1/2 cup vanilla yogurt; 1 tablespoon pumpkin spice; 1/2 lemon, juiced; 1 dash vanilla extract, plus 2 dashes; 1 1/2 cups crushed ice; 1 naval orange; 1 cup low-fat whipping cream, plus garnish; 5 teaspoons powdered sugar; Cinnamon sticks, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: In a blender, combine pumpkin, soy milk, yogurt, pumpkin spice, juice of half a lemon, and 1 dash of vanilla extract. Blend together until smooth, and begin adding the ice while continuing to blend. When mixture is thick and creamy, stop and hold in refrigerator at least 30 minutes. Cut off the top 1/3 of the orange. Remove the inside of the orange and reserve the rind. In a medium mixing bowl, combine cream, powdered sugar, and the remaining vanilla extract; then whip on high until a stiff peak forms. Transfer the smoothie into the orange rind, and garnish with whipped cream and cinnamon stic <END>
INPUT: dozen cherry tomatoes, olives, kalamata olives
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cherry Tomatoes Stuffed with Olives | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 dozen cherry tomatoes; 1/4 cup green olives, pits removed; 1/4 cup kalamata olives, pits removed | INSTRUCTIONS: Wash the tomatoes and cut a thin slice off the bottom of each one so they will sit upright. Use a sharp paring knife or the tip of a small spoon to scoop out the flesh. Slice both varieties of olives into thin matchsticks and combine. Fill the tomatoes with the olives and serve. <END>
INPUT: salad, lemon zest, lemon juice, Dijon mustard, honey, anchovy paste
OUTPUT: TITLE: Zucchini Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 teaspoons finely grated fresh lemon zest; 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 2 teaspoons Dijon mustard; 1 tablespoon honey; 1 teaspoon anchovy paste; 1 tablespoon sherry vinegar; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 3 small zucchini, trimmed and thinly sliced into half moons; 3 cups loosely packed frisee (French curly endive), trimmed and torn into small pieces; 1/4 cup loosely packed fresh flat-leaf parsley; 1/4 cup loosely packed fresh mint leaves, torn in 1/2 lengthwise if large; 1/4 cup loosely packed fresh basil leaves, torn into small pieces; 12 kalamata olives, pitted and thinly sliced lengthwise; 1 small red onion, halved lengthwise and thinly sliced crosswise | INSTRUCTIONS: Whisk together zest, juice, mustard, honey, anchovy paste, sherry vinegar, salt, and pepper in a large bowl until combined. Slowly whisk in the olive oil. Add zucchini, frisee, herbs, olives, and onion and toss to coat. Serve immediately. <END>
INPUT: American, profiteroles, herb, water, unsalted butter, salt, all purpose flour, eggs
OUTPUT: TITLE: Goat Cheese and Sun Dried Tomato Profiteroles with Herb Oil | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup water; 1/4 cup unsalted butter, cut into pieces; Pinch salt; 1/2 cup all-purpose flour; 3 large eggs; 3 tablespoons grated Parmesan; Pinch freshly ground black pepper; 8 ounces goat cheese, room temperature; 1/4 cup cream; 1/2 cup diced sun dried tomatoes; Pinch salt and freshly ground black pepper; 3/4 cup fresh mint leaves; 3/4 cup fresh basil leaves; 1 cup olive oil; Pinch salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line a heavy large baking sheet with a silicon pad or parchment paper. Combine the water, butter, and salt in a heavy medium saucepan over medium heat. Bring to a boil, stirring until the butter melts. Add the flour and stir over medium heat for 1 minute. Cool for 5 minutes. Crack the eggs into a measuring cup. Use a wooden spoon to beat the eggs into the dough, 1 at a time. Stir in the Parmesan and pepper. Spoon 18 mounds of dough onto the prepared baking sheet, spacing 2 inches apart. Bake until the profiteroles are puffed and <END>
INPUT: Italian, broth, olive oil, broccoli into flowerets, pepper flakes, garlic put through, chicken stock
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spicy Broccoli and Angel Hair Pasta in Chicken Broth | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons olive oil; 2 bunches broccoli cut into flowerets (about 7 cups); 1/2 teaspoon red pepper flakes; 2 garlic cloves put through a press; 3 cups chicken stock; 1/2 pound angel hair pasta; 1/2 cup freshly grated Parmesan cheese | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large skillet heat the oil over high heat until it is smoking. Add the broccoli, give it a quick stir and cook it covered, stirring occasionally, for 3 minutes. (It should look crispy and brown around the edges.) Turn the heat to a low and cook it for 2 minutes more or until it is just tender. Add the red pepper flakes, garlic and salt and pepper to taste and cook the mixture for 1 minute. While the broccoli mixture is cooking, boil the angel hair pasta in a large pot of salted water for 3 to 5 minutes or until it is just al dente and drain it. Add the cooked pasta and the chicken stock t <END>
INPUT: Italian, meatballs, olive oil, beef, ricotta cheese, eggs, bread crumbs
OUTPUT: TITLE: Classic Beef Meatballs | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons olive oil; 2 pounds 80% lean ground beef; 1 cup ricotta cheese; 2 large eggs; 1/2 cup bread crumbs; 1/4 cup chopped fresh parsley; 1 tablespoon chopped fresh oregano or 1 teaspoon dried; 2 teaspoons salt; 1/4 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes; 1/2 teaspoon ground fennel; 4 cups Classic Tomato Sauce | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 450°F. Drizzle the olive oil into a 9×13-inch baking dish and use your hand to evenly coat the entire surface. Set aside. Combine the ground beef, ricotta, eggs, bread crumbs, parsley, oregano, salt, red pepper flakes, and fennel in a large mixing bowl and mix by hand until thoroughly incorporated. Roll the mixture into round, golf ball-size meatballs (about 1 1/2 inches), making sure to pack the meat firmly. Place the balls in the prepared baking dish, being careful to line them up snugly and in even rows vertically and horizontally to form a grid. The meatballs should be  <END>
INPUT: French, crustless, quiche, leeks, kosher salt, bacon, unsalted butter, Parmesan cheese
OUTPUT: TITLE: Leek, Bacon, and Gruyere Crustless Quiche | CUISINE: French | INGREDIENTS: 2 medium leeks, white and light green parts; 1 1/2 teaspoons kosher salt; 6 ounces thinly sliced bacon, 6 to 8 slices; 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened; 2 tablespoons freshly grated Parmesan cheese; 2 cups half-and-half; 2 large eggs; 2 large egg yolks; Freshly ground black pepper; Pinch freshly grated nutmeg; 4 ounces grated Gruyere or Swiss cheese, about 1 cup | INSTRUCTIONS: Trim the root of the leek, leaving ends intact to hold the leaves together, then halve lengthwise. Rinse well under running water to flush out any grit trapped between the leaves. Cut each half into 3-inch lengths, keeping leaves together. Put leeks in a large skillet with water to cover and 1 teaspoon salt. Simmer over medium heat until the leeks are tender, about 6 minutes. Drain the excess water, add 2 tablespoons butter, and cook over medium heat until the leek edges are golden brown and sweet. Cook the bacon in a medium skillet, until just crisp. Transfer to paper towels to drain. Preheat <END>
INPUT: olive oil, veal tenderloin, Salt pepper taste, parboiled pearl onions
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sauteed Veal Medallions with Sage and Mushrooms | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons olive oil; 1-1/4 pounds veal tenderloin (also called filet) cut into 8 equal medallions; Salt and freshly ground black pepper to taste; 1 cup parboiled pearl onions (frozen are fine); 12 ounces fresh, cleaned, sliced mushrooms such as cremini, portobello, shiitake, oyster, or any combination; 1/4 cup dry white wine; 1 cup Beef and Veal Stock; 3 tablespoons chopped fresh sage leaves; 2 ounces Prosciutto ham, thinlysliced and julienne; 2 tablespoons whole butter | INSTRUCTIONS: Season the veal with salt and pepper. Heat the olive oil in a skillet over medium heat for 2 to 3 minutes, until hot. Add the veal and brown well for 3 to 4 minutes on one side, then turn and brown the second side for another 3 to 4 minutes. When the veal is nicely browned on both sides, remove from the pan. In the same pan, saute the onions in the pan juices for 3 to 4 minutes, or until they are browned. Add the mushrooms to the onions and saute together until the mushrooms begin to wilt. Add the white wine and reduce until the wine evaporates. Add the veal stock, sage, and Prosciutto, and br <END>
INPUT: lemon, zest, broccoli rabe, virgin olive oil, garlic, pepper flakes, Kosher salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sauteed Broccoli Rabe with Garlic and Lemon Zest | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 pounds broccoli rabe; Extra-virgin olive oil; 2 cloves minced garlic; 1 teaspoon red pepper flakes; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Take a large pot of salty water and bring it to a boil. Cook broccoli rabe in water for 3 to 5 minutes until tender and bright green. Drain well in a colander and set aside. In a large saute pan heat a 2 count of extra-virgin olive oil over medium heat. Add the garlic and pepper flakes then toss in the broccoli rabe. Season with salt and pepper and cook for 2 to 3 minutes, gently tossing it in the pan. Finish with the lemon zest and toss to combine. The broccoli rabe should be tender and fragrant with lemon when done. Give it 1 final taste and season, if necessary. Serve immediately. <END>
INPUT: dozen oysters, cornichons dill pickles, mayonnaise, parsley leaves, shallot
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fried Oysters Rémoulade | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 dozen oysters (such as Belon) on the half shell; 1/4 cup cornichons or dill pickles; 1 cup mayonnaise; 3 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley leaves; 1 1/2 tablespoons minced shallot; 1 1/2 tablespoons tomato paste; 1 tablespoon Tabasco sauce; 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice; 2 quarts vegetable oil for deep-frying; 1/2 cup cornmeal | INSTRUCTIONS: Transfer oysters to a bowl and chill, covered. Clean and dry oyster shells. Line a shallow baking pan with a double layer of paper towels. Transfer oysters to a bowl and chill, covered. Clean and dry oyster shells. Line a shallow baking pan with a double layer of paper towels. Make rémoulade: Finely chop cornichons or dill pickles and in a bowl whisk together with remaining rémoulade ingredients and salt to taste until combined well. Transfer rémoulade to a serving bowl. Finely chop cornichons or dill pickles and in a bowl whisk together with remaining rémoulade ingredients and salt to taste u <END>
INPUT: olive oil additional, chorizo, onion, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spicy Sausage-Stuffed Mushrooms | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon olive oil plus additional for brushing the mushroom caps; 1 chorizo (cured spicy pork sausage, available at Hispanic markets and some specialty foods shops) or pepperoni, skinned and chopped fine; 1/3 cup minced onion; 1 garlic clove, minced; 1 pound (about 14) large mushrooms, stems removed carefully and chopped fine; 2 tablespoons medium-dry Sherry; 1/2 cup coarse fresh breadcrumbs, toasted lightly; 1 large egg yolk, beaten lightly; 2 tablespoons minced fresh parsley leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: In a skillet heat 1 tablespoon of the oil over moderate heat until it is hot and in it saute the chorizo for 1 minute. Add the onion and cook the mixture, stirring, until the onion is softened. Add the garlic and cook the mixture, stirring, for 1 minute. Add the mushroom stems and salt and pepper to taste and cook the mixture, stirring, until the liquid the mushrooms give off is evaporated. Add the Sherry and boil it until it is evaporated. Remove the skillet from the heat and stir in the breadcrumbs. Let the mixture cook and blend in the egg yolk, the parsley, and salt and pepper to taste. Br <END>
INPUT: topping, yams, pure maple syrup, all purpose flour
OUTPUT: TITLE: Maple-Glazed Yams with Pecan Topping | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 pounds yams (red-skinned sweet potatoes), peeled, cut into 1/4-inch-thick rounds; 1/2 cup pure maple syrup; 8 tablespoons (1 stick) chilled butter, cut into 1/2-inch pieces; 1/3 cup all purpose flour; 1/3 cup (packed) golden brown sugar; 1/2 cup coarsely chopped pecans | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 400°F. Butter 13 x 9 x 2-inch glass baking dish. Bring large pot of salted water to boil. Add yams. Cook until water returns to simmer, about 4 minutes. Drain. Rinse under cold water. Arrange yams in prepared dish, overlapping slightly. Season with salt. Pour syrup over yams. Dot with 3 tablespoons butter. Cover and bake until yams are almost tender, about 25 minutes. Mix flour and brown sugar in medium bowl. Add remaining 5 tablespoons butter. Rub in with fingers until mixture resembles coarse meal. Mix in pecans. Sprinkle pecan mixture atop yams. Bake yams until tender, about <END>
INPUT: young Tuscan wine, chestnuts, Salt pepper, Brussels sprouts
OUTPUT: TITLE: Seared Pekin Duck with Chestnuts and Wine | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 1/2 cups young Tuscan red wine, also known as "vino novello"; 1 cup whole chestnuts, peeled (see note); 4 (8-ounce) white Pekin duck breasts, skin on and excess fat trimmed; Salt and freshly ground pepper; 2 pounds Brussels sprouts, trimmed of outer leaves and sliced into three pieces from stem to tip; 1/4 cup balsamic vinegar | INSTRUCTIONS: In a small saucepan, combine the wine and vinegar and reduce by half over medium heat. Add the chestnuts and cook until they are cooked through and tender, about 10 minutes. Set aside. Heat a heavy bottom saute pan over medium heat and season the duck on both sides with salt and pepper. Saute the duck breasts slowly skin-side down, draining the fat that accumulates in the pan into a bowl. Reserve the fat. When the fat has rendered off the duck breasts and the skin is golden brown and crispy, ladle the fat over the tops of the breasts to cook the other side for 2 or 3 minutes, for medium-rare m <END>
INPUT: cumin seeds, virgin olive oil, garlic, chickpeas, coarse kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chickpea Purée | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 teaspoon cumin seeds; 3/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil, divided; 3 large garlic cloves, minced; 3 cups drained canned chickpeas (garbanzo beans; from about three 15-ounce cans), liquid reserved; 1 teaspoon coarse kosher salt; 1/2 teaspoon paprika; 1/8 teaspoon cayenne pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Stir cumin in dry skillet over medium heat until lightly toasted, about 2 minutes. Transfer to mortar or spice mill; grind. Heat 1/4 cup oil in large saucepan over medium-high heat. Add garlic and cumin; stir 1 minute. Add chickpeas, 1 teaspoon coarse salt, paprika, and cayenne; sauté until chickpeas begin to darken, about 5 minutes. Pour chickpea liquid into 2-cup measuring cup; add enough water (if necessary) to measure 2 cups. Add liquid to chickpea mixture; bring to boil. Reduce heat to medium; simmer until chickpeas begin to soften, stirring often, about 10 minutes. Pour chickpea mixture  <END>
INPUT: Italian, all purpose flour, kosher salt, pepper, eggs
OUTPUT: TITLE: Parmesan Chicken | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 4 to 6 boneless, skinless chicken breasts; 1 cup all-purpose flour; 1 teaspoon kosher salt; 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 2 extra-large eggs; 1 tablespoon water; 1 1/4 cups seasoned dry bread crumbs; 1/2 cup freshly grated Parmesan, plus extra for serving; Unsalted butter; Good olive oil; Salad greens for 6, washed and spun dry; 1 recipe Lemon Vinaigrette, recipe follows; 1/4 cup freshly squeezed lemon juice (2 lemons); 1/2 cup good olive oil; 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Pound the chicken breasts until they are 1/4-inch thick. You can use either a meat mallet or a rolling pin. Combine the flour, salt, and pepper on a dinner plate. On a second plate, beat the eggs with 1 tablespoon of water. On a third plate, combine the bread crumbs and 1/2 cup grated Parmesan. Coat the chicken breasts on both sides with the flour mixture, then dip both sides into the egg mixture and dredge both sides in the bread-crumb mixture, pressing lightly. Heat 1 tablespoon of butter and 1 tablespoon of olive oil in a large saute pan and cook 2 or 3 chicke <END>
INPUT: American, casserole, unsalted butter, garlic, scallions, broccoli florets, rotisserie chicken
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken and Rice Casserole | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped; 4 scallions, sliced; 2 cups broccoli florets; 2 cups shredded rotisserie chicken (skin removed); 1 cup medium-grain white rice; 1 plum tomato, chopped; Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper; 2 cups low-sodium chicken broth; 1/4 cup sour cream; 1 cup diced dill havarti cheese (about 4 ounces); 1/4 cup grated parmesan cheese (about 1 ounce) | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Melt the butter in a large ovenproof skillet over medium heat. Add the garlic and about three-quarters of the scallions and cook, stirring occasionally, until soft, about 2 minutes. Add the broccoli, chicken, rice, tomato, 1 teaspoon salt, and pepper to taste; stir to combine. Whisk the chicken broth and sour cream in a bowl, pour into the skillet and bring to a simmer. Stir in half each of the havarti and parmesan. Cover tightly with a lid or aluminum foil, transfer to the oven and bake until the rice is tender and most of the liquid is absorbed, about 20 mi <END>
INPUT: mousse, whipped, milk, sugar, espresso powder, bittersweet chocolate chips, egg whites
OUTPUT: TITLE: Espresso Chocolate Mousse with Orange Mascarpone Whipped Cream | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup whole milk; 3 tablespoons sugar; 1/4 teaspoon instant espresso powder; 1 cup bittersweet chocolate chips; 3 large egg whites; 1/4 cup mascarpone cheese, room temperature; 2 tablespoons fresh squeezed orange juice; 1/2 cup whipping cream; 2 tablespoons powdered sugar; 1 teaspoon orange zest | INSTRUCTIONS: For the Mousse: In a small saucepan over medium heat stir together the milk with the sugar and the espresso powder until the milk is hot, but not boiling, and the sugar is dissolved. Place the chocolate chips in a blender. *Pour the hot milk over the chips. Run the blender on high until combined, a few seconds. Add the egg whites and run the blender on high until light, about 1 minute. Transfer the mousse to 4 small serving cups. Cover with plastic wrap and place in the refrigerator until firm, about 3 hours. For the Cream: In the bowl of an electric mixer, stir together the mascarpone cheese  <END>
INPUT: French, salad, Yukon gold potatoes, Kosher salt pepper, celery, mayonnaise, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Creamy Dijon-Dill Potato Salad | CUISINE: French | INGREDIENTS: 3 pounds Yukon gold potatoes, peeled; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 stalks celery; 1 cup mayonnaise; 1 small red onion, finely chopped (about 1/2 cup); 1/4 cup tightly packed chopped fresh dill; 1 to 2 tablespoons vinegar; 1/2 lemon, juiced; 1 tablespoon grainy or regular Dijon mustard | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Put the potatoes in a big pot with enough water to cover by 1-inch. Season with salt and bring the water to a boil. Cook just until the potatoes are tender when pierced with a fork, about 25 minutes. Drain the potatoes and return them to the uncovered pot off the heat. Let them sit until almost room temperature. (Cooling them in the warm pot will get rid of any excess water in the potatoes, and that's good.) Meanwhile, cut the white parts off the ends of the celery stalks. Cut the stalks in half lengthwise, then across into 1/4-inch slices. Stir the celery, 3/4 t <END>
INPUT: French, marinade, monkfish, herbes de Provence, garlic, olive oil, wine
OUTPUT: TITLE: Monkfish in Herbes de Provence Marinade | CUISINE: French | INGREDIENTS: 14 ounces/400 g monkfish, cut into cubes; 1 tablespoons herbes de Provence; 2 cloves garlic, minced; 1/4 cup/60 ml olive oil; 1/4 cup/60 ml white wine; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 lemons, 1 sliced into half moons, 1 cut into wedges; Special equipment: wooden skewers soaked in water for several hours | INSTRUCTIONS: Cut the fish into cubes. Stir together the herbes de Provence, garlic, olive oil, and wine. Toss with the fish in a glass bowl, and refrigerate to marinate at least an hour. Cook's Note: At the same time, if you are using wooden skewers, be sure to cover them in cold water and leave to soak several hours. This will prevent them from bursting into flames on the grill. Preheat a grill. Season the fish with salt and pepper. Slide 3 cubes on each skewer, placing a thin half moon of lemon between each cube. Grill, turning frequently, until the fish is just opaque. Serve with lemon wedges, for squee <END>
INPUT: provencal, olive oil, Roma tomatoes, Kosher salt pepper, garlic, herbes de Provence
OUTPUT: TITLE: Provencal Tomatoes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons olive oil; 4 Roma tomatoes, halved lengthwise; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 cloves garlic, minced; 1 teaspoon herbes de Provence; 1/4 cup plain bread crumbs | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. In a medium saute pan heat 2 tablespoons olive oil. Cut the tomatoes in half lengthwise and salt and pepper the cut surfaces. Place the tomatoes cut-surface up, in the pan, and cook the tomatoes for 3 minutes. Add the garlic, and flip the tomatoes so the cut surface is facing down, and cook another 2 minutes. Remove the tomatoes and set aside. Add the bread crumbs and herbes de Provence to the pan and saute, stirring, for 2 minutes, or until the crumbs are coated, adding a tablespoon more oil, if necessary. Meanwhile, preheat the broiler to high. Line a baking sh <END>
INPUT: Asian, sauce, lobster, ginger, shallots, julienne carrot, julienne leek
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lobster, Lobster, Lobster and Lobster Sauce | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/4 pounds cooked lobster, claws and knuckles shelled and tail split lengthwise; 1-ounce minced ginger; 2 ounces minced shallots; 1/2-ounce julienne carrot, blanched; 1/2-ounce julienne leek, blanched; 1/2-ounce julienne snow peas, blanched; Salt and pepper, to taste; 1 (9-inch by 9-inch) spring roll wrapper; 1 egg beaten with 1 teaspoon water; 8 tablespoons butter, softened; 1/2-ounce minced chives; 1-ounce fresh peas; 1 cooked artichoke, leaves and choke removed; 2 baby bok choy, blanched; 2 scallions, trimmed and blanched | INSTRUCTIONS: For the spring rolls: Dice 1 lobster claw in 1/2-inch pieces. In a bowl, combine it with 1/4-ounce ginger, 1/4 shallot, the carrot, leek and snowpeas. Season with salt and pepper. Spread the mixture along the base of the wrapper, leaving about 1-inch on each side. Fold the sides over the filling and roll tightly. Brush with the egg mixture to seal. Reserve. For the artichoke: In a bowl, place the meat from the knuckle and combine with 1/4-ounce ginger, 1/4-ounce shallots, 1 tablespoon butter, 1/4-ounce minced chives and 1/4-ounce peas. Season with salt and pepper. Scoop onto the artichoke bott <END>
INPUT: Indian, chutney, duck breast, Salt, shallot, peaches, rosemary
OUTPUT: TITLE: Duck Breast with Peach Chutney and Rainbow Chard with Bacon | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 1 duck breast; Salt; 1 shallot, cut into small dice; 2 peaches, peeled and diced; 2 teaspoons chopped fresh rosemary; 2 tablespoons bourbon; A few drops balsamic vinegar; 2 tablespoons dark brown sugar; 1/2 cup pine nuts, toasted; 1/4 cup chicken stock; 2 strips bacon, sliced into lardons; 1 bunch rainbow chard, leaves cut into 1-inch pieces, stems cut into 1/2-inch dice; 1/4 to 1/2 cup chicken stock; Salt; Chopped fresh chives, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: For the duck breast: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Score the skin of the duck breast and sprinkle generously with salt on both sides. Place the duck breast, skin-side down, in a cool medium saute pan and turn the heat to medium (to allow the fat to render slowly). Cook until crispy and golden brown, 10 minutes. Flip over and cook for another 2 minutes on the reverse side. With tongs, remove the breast to a baking sheet with a rack and transfer to the oven for about 5 minutes, or until a meat thermometer inserted into the breast reads about 135 degrees F. Allow to rest for 5 minutes before <END>
INPUT: Indian, meatballs, virgin olive oil, garlic, tomatoes, handful torn basil, Kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lentil-Mushroom Meatballs | CUISINE: Indian | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 4 cloves garlic, thinly sliced; One 28-ounce can whole peeled tomatoes, crushed by hand; Small handful torn fresh basil leaves; Kosher salt; 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, plus more for brushing the baking sheet; 1/3 cup wheat berries; 1 cup dry brown lentils, rinsed and sorted; 1 small yellow onion, finely chopped; 4 ounces shiitake mushrooms, stemmed and roughly chopped; 5 cloves garlic, finely chopped; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 3 tablespoons tomato paste; 3 tablespoons low-sodium soy sauce; 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar | INSTRUCTIONS: For the sauce: Put the oil and garlic in a medium saucepan over medium heat. Swirl until the garlic is just lightly browned and fragrant, about 4 minutes. Add the tomatoes and 1/2 cup water. Bring to a high simmer, then reduce the heat to medium-low. Add the torn basil leaves and 2 teaspoons salt and simmer, uncovered, until thickened, 20 to 25 minutes. For the meatballs: Meanwhile, preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper and brush with oil. Bring a medium saucepan of water to a boil, then add the wheat berries and boil until plump and tender, about 30 minut <END>
INPUT: tabbouleh, quinoa, mint leaves, cilantro leaves, lemon juice, cucumbers
OUTPUT: TITLE: Quinoa Tabbouleh | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups quinoa; 1/4 cup chopped mint leaves; 1/4 cup chopped cilantro leaves; 1/2 cup fresh lemon juice; 1/2 cup diced cucumbers; 1/2 cup diced tomato; 1 teaspoon finely chopped jalapeno pepper; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Rinse quinoa under cold running water and cook according to package directions. Let cool. Add the remaining ingredients and mix to combine. <END>
INPUT: herbs, creme fraiche, basil, chives, tarragon, virgin olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Crab Crostini with Lemon and Herbs | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons creme fraiche; 2 tablespoons chopped basil; 2 tablespoons chopped chives; 2 tablespoons chopped tarragon; 2 teaspoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1 teaspoon lemon zest (1 lemon); 1 teaspoon lemon juice; 1/4 teaspoon kosher salt; 1 cup lump crabmeat, picked through for shells; 16 crostini | INSTRUCTIONS: With a rubber spatula, mix together the creme fraiche, basil, chives, tarragon, olive oil, lemon zest, lemon juice and salt in a medium bowl. Add the crabmeat and gently fold it into the herb dressing until the crab is coated and the herbs are evenly distributed. Top each crostini with a tablespoon of the crab mixture. <END>
INPUT: American, burgers, chicken, Salt pepper, vegetable oil, onions, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Chicken Burgers with Pasilla Aioli | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 pounds ground chicken; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 tablespoon vegetable oil; 1/4 cup finely chopped onions; 2 cloves garlic, finely minced; 1 egg; 1/4 cup panko breadcrumbs; 1 teaspoon crumbled dried Mexican oregano; 1 teaspoon fresh thyme leaves, finely chopped; 6 brioche burger buns, warmed; Pasilla Aioli, recipe follows; 6 slices pepper Jack cheese; 6 leaves butter lettuce; Six 1/2-inch-thick tomato slices; Poblano Rings, recipe follows | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat a heavy grill pan. Sprinkle the chicken generously with salt and pepper. In a heavy saute pan, heat the vegetable oil over medium heat. Add the onions and garlic and cook until translucent, about 4 minutes. Remove from the heat. In a mixing bowl, beat the egg. Add the breadcrumbs, oregano and thyme. Add the chicken to the bowl and top with the cooked onions and garlic. Mix well until all of the ingredients are evenly incorporated. Use a 1/2-cup scoop to measure out the patties and form 6 even ovals. Grill the patties until fully cooked, about 5 minutes per side. Serve on a warmed bun s <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, flecked, asian, wheat couscous, ginger, cayenne, boiling water, arame sea vegetable
OUTPUT: TITLE: Arame-flecked Asian Couscous | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cups whole wheat couscous; 1 tablespoon minced fresh ginger; 1/8 teaspoon cayenne; 1 1/2 to 1 3/4 cups boiling water; 1/2 ounce arame sea vegetable (about 1 cup loosely packed); 1 1/2 cups finely chopped carrots; 1 cup finely chopped radishes; 3/4 cup thinly sliced scallion greens; 2 to 3 tablespoons toasted sesame oil; 3 to 4 tablespoons shoyu or tamari; Approximately 3 tablespoons brown rice or seasoned rice vinegar (the latter adds sweetness too); 1/3 cup toasted sunflower seeds | INSTRUCTIONS: Mix the couscous, ginger, and cayenne in a large heatproof bowl or storage container and pour 1 1/2 cups boiling water on top. Cover tightly and let sit until all of the liquid is absorbed, about 10 minutes. If the couscous is not quite tender, stir in an additional 1/4 cup boiling water, cover, and let sit for a few minutes longer. Fluff up with a fork, and let cool. Meanwhile, place the arame in a bowl with ample cold water to cover and let stand until rehydrated, about 10 minutes. Rinse thoroughly and drain well. Add the drained arame, carrots, radishes, and scallions to the couscous. Stir  <END>
INPUT: tagine, stracotto, lamb shoulder, rosemary leaves, garlic, virgin olive oil, wine vinegar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tagine of Lamb Stracotto with Spring Onions | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 pounds lamb shoulder, cut into 1 1/2-inch cubes; 4 tablespoons fresh rosemary leaves, chopped fine; 15 peeled garlic cloves, lightly crushed; 6 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 3 tablespoons red wine vinegar; 2 1/4 pounds Yukon gold creamer potatoes (small), halved; 1 1/2 pounds medium-sized carrots peeled and cut into 1-inch pieces; 1/4 cup olive oil; 1/2 cup all-purpose flour; 1 1/2 cups red wine; 7 1/2 cups chicken stock (if using canned use low sodium); 2 sprigs fresh rosemary, about 3-inches long; 2 cups spring onions, root and stem trimmed; 2 tablespoons Italian parsley leaves, chopped fine; 1 tablespoon lemon zest | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 325 degrees F. Toss the lamb with the rosemary, garlic, oil, and the vinegar and let marinate in the refrigerator for 1 hour. While the lamb is marinating, blanch the potatoes and carrots. In well-salted boiling water cook the potatoes for 5 or 6 minutes then transfer with a skimmer to a platter or sheet tray. Cook the carrots for 2 or 3 minutes and reserve with the potatoes. Heat the olive oil in a large saute pan on medium-high heat until the oil begins to smoke. While the oil is heating, remove the lamb from the marinade and season with salt and pepper. Sprinkle the lamb wit <END>
INPUT: turmeric, cider vinegar, cayenne chiles, coarse kosher sea
OUTPUT: TITLE: Creamy Wild Salmon With Kale | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 teaspoon ground turmeric; 1 1/2 pounds skinless, boneless wild salmon fillet in a single piece (such as Alaskan or Copper River); 1/4 cup cider vinegar; 4 dried red cayenne chiles (like chile de árbol), stems discarded, ground (do not remove the seeds; see Extra Credit below) or 1 teaspoon ground red p; 1 teaspoon coarse kosher or sea salt; 1/4 teaspoon ground nutmeg; 1 medium-size bunch fresh kale (about 8 ounces); 2 tablespoons canola oil; 6 large cloves garlic, either thinly sliced or finely chopped; 1 can (13.5 to 15 ounces) unsweetened coconut milk (see Extra Credit below) | INSTRUCTIONS: Sprinkle about 1/4 teaspoon of the turmeric on one side of the salmon fillet and press it into the fish. Turn the fish over and repeat with the remaining 1/4 teaspoon of turmeric. Set the salmon aside as you prepare the spice paste. Combine the vinegar, chiles, salt, and nutmeg in a small bowl to make a slurry. Set the slurry aside. Fill up a medium-size bowl with cold water. Take a leaf of kale, cut along both sides of the tough rib, and discard it. Slice the leaf in half lengthwise. Repeat with the remaining leaves. Stack the leaf halves, about 6 at a time, one on top of the other, and roll  <END>
INPUT: French, sauce, tarragon, chives, shallot, flat leafed parsley, mayonnaise
OUTPUT: TITLE: Poached Salmon with Tarragon Sauce and Fingerling Potatoes | CUISINE: French | INGREDIENTS: 2 large bunches fresh tarragon (about 1 ounce); 1 large bunch fresh chives ( about 2/3 ounce); 1 large shallot; 3/4 cup fresh flat-leafed parsley leaves; 1 cup mayonnaise; 1/3 cup rice vinegar (not seasoned); 2 teaspoons Dijon mustard; 2 1/2 cups dry white wine; 2 1/2 cups water; 2 1/2 to 3-pound salmon fillet with skin; 1 1/2 pounds pink fingerling or other new potatoes; 1/2 pound cooked sugar snap peas, diagonally cut into thirds for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Make sauce: Pick enough tarragon leaves to measure 1/2 cup (do not pack). Chop enough chives to measure 1/3 cup. Coarsely chop shallot. In a food processor puree tarragon, chives, and shallot with remaining sauce ingredients until smooth and season with salt and pepper. Sauce may be made 1 day ahead and chilled, covered. Bring sauce to cool room temperature before serving. In a deep 10-inch skillet bring wine and water to a simmer, covered. Cut salmon into 6 pieces and season with salt and pepper. Submerge 3 salmon pieces, skin side down, in simmering liquid (add hot water if necessary to just <END>
INPUT: flourless, cookies, super chunky peanut, egg, baking soda, vanilla extract
OUTPUT: TITLE: Flourless Peanut Butter and Chocolate Chip Cookies | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup super chunky peanut butter; 1 cup (packed) golden brown sugar; 1 large egg; 1 teaspoon baking soda; 1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract; 1 cup miniature semisweet chocolate chips (about 6 ounces) | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350°F. Mix first 5 ingredients in medium bowl. Mix in chocolate chips. Using moistened hands, form generous 1 tablespoon dough for each cookie into ball. Arrange on 2 ungreased baking sheets, spacing 2 inches apart. Bake cookies until puffed, golden on bottom and still soft to touch in center, about 12 minutes. Cool on sheets 5 minutes. Transfer to racks; cool completely. Preheat oven to 350°F. Mix first 5 ingredients in medium bowl. Mix in chocolate chips. Using moistened hands, form generous 1 tablespoon dough for each cookie into ball. Arrange on 2 ungreased baking sheets, s <END>
INPUT: American, cake, unsalted butter, semisweet chocolate, heavy cream, light corn syrup
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate Peppermint Ice Cream Cake | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 stick plus 3 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1 2/3 cups semisweet chocolate; 2 (9-ounce) packages chocolate wafer cookies (about 80 cookies); 3/4 cup heavy cream; 1/2 cup light corn syrup; 1 cup semisweet chocolate; 8 cups (1.75 quarts) premium vanilla ice cream, slightly softened in refrigerator for 20 minutes; 1 cup coarsely crushed red and white striped hard peppermint candies; 1 teaspoon peppermint extract; Candy Brittle, recipe follows; 2 1/4 cups sugar; 2 tablespoons plus 2 teaspoons light corn syrup; 2 cups assorted candies (hot cinnamon candies, after dinner mints, candy cane pieces, sliced spice drops) | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. For the crust: Cut the butter into pats and add to a medium heatproof bowl along with the chocolate chips. Place the bowl over 1 inch of simmering water, making sure the bowl doesn't touch the water. Once the butter and chocolate start to melt, stir to combine and remove from the heat. Finely crush the chocolate wafers in a food processor until it becomes a fine meal. In a large bowl, combine the wafer crumbs with the melted chocolate and blend until the crumbs are moistened. Reserve a heaping 1 cup crumb mixture in a small bowl. Press the remaining crumb mixture <END>
INPUT: Italian, asparagus, good olive oil, kosher salt, pepper, Parmesan
OUTPUT: TITLE: Parmesan Roasted Asparagus | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 2 1/2 pounds fresh asparagus (about 30 large); 2 tablespoons good olive oil; 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt; 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 1/2 cup freshly grated Parmesan; 2 lemons cut in wedges, for serving | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. If the stalks of the asparagus are thick, peel the bottom 1/2 of each. Lay them in a single layer on a sheet pan and drizzle with olive oil. Sprinkle with salt and pepper. Roast for 15 to 20 minutes, until tender. Sprinkle with the Parmesan and return to the oven for another minute. Serve with lemon wedges. <END>
INPUT: Italian, spaghetti squash, pimento stuffed olives, oregano, Salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Stuffed Spaghetti Squash with Tomatoes, Olives, Tuna and String Cheese | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 2 medium spaghetti squash, halved lengthwise; 1 (14-ounce) can diced tomatoes; 1/2 cup pimento-stuffed green olives, chopped; 1 teaspoon dried oregano; Salt and ground black pepper; 2 tablespoons green olive brine (from the olive jar); 2 (6-ounce) cans chunk white tuna in water, drained; String cheese; 1/4 cup chopped fresh basil leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: Arrange the spaghetti squash halves in the bottom of a slow cooker. In a medium bowl, combine the tomatoes, olives, oregano, and 1/2 teaspoon each of salt and black pepper. Spoon the mixture over the spaghetti squash. Pour the olive brine in the slow cooker. Cover and cook on LOW for 6 to 8 hours or on HIGH for 3 to 4 hours. When ready to serve, using a fork, "loosen" the squash slightly, creating spaghetti-like strands. Spoon the tomato sauce over the squash, top each piece with some tuna, string cheese, and basil and serve. <END>
INPUT: cake, rice, virgin olive oil, cubed pancetta, cubed salami, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Rice Cake | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound/500 g rice, boiled; 4 tablespoons/60 ml extra-virgin olive oil; 1/2 cup/125 ml cubed pancetta; 1/2 cup/125 ml cubed salami; 1 onion, chopped; 1/2 pound/250 g fresh peas; 1 egg; 1/2 cup/125 ml diced soft Pecorino cheese; 1/2 cup/12 ml freshly grated Parmigiano cheese; 1/2 cup/125 ml diced Parmigiano cheese; 1/2 cup/12 ml diced scamorza cheese; Salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Cook the rice until the 'al dente' stage as it will finish cooking in the oven. Allow to cool. Heat up 2 tablespoons olive oil in a saucepan. Add the pancetta, salami, and onions. Cook until golden and crispy. Cook the peas in a pot of salted water for approximately 2 minutes, or until soft. Add to the pan mixture and toss the ingredients together. Transfer the rice to a large bowl. Add an egg, Pecorino cheese, grated Parmigiano, diced Parmigiano, scamorza, salt, pepper, and the pancetta mixture with all its juices to the rice and thoroughly mix. Grease a bak <END>
INPUT: rice, water, unsalted butter, kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Baked Brown Rice | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cups brown rice, medium or short grain; 2 1/2 cups water; 1 tablespoon unsalted butter; 1 teaspoon kosher salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Place the rice into an 8-inch square glass baking dish. Bring the water, butter, and salt just to a boil in a kettle or covered saucepan. Once the water boils, pour it over the rice, stir to combine, and cover the dish tightly with heavy-duty aluminum foil. Bake on the middle rack of the oven for 1 hour. After 1 hour, remove cover and fluff the rice with a fork. Serve immediately. <END>
INPUT: American, cupcakes, icing, all purpose flour, baking soda, salt, cinnamon, nutmeg
OUTPUT: TITLE: Carrot Cupcakes with Molasses Cream Cheese Icing | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 cups all-purpose flour; 1 teaspoon baking soda; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 1 1/2 teaspoons ground cinnamon; 1/2 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg; 3/4 cup vegetable oil; 1 cup firmly packed light brown sugar; 2 large eggs; 1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract; 1 3/4 cups finely shredded carrots (about 4); 1/3 cup walnuts, chopped fine, toasted lightly, and cooled; 1/2 cup sweetened flaked coconut, toasted lightly and cooled; 1/2 cup (about 4 ounces) cream cheese, softened; 1/2 stick (1/4 cup) unsalted butter, softened; 1 tablespoon unsulfured molasses | INSTRUCTIONS: To make the cupcakes: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F and line 12 (1/2-cup) muffin tins with paper liners. In a bowl, whisk together flour, baking soda, salt, and spices. In another bowl, whisk together oil, sugar, eggs, and vanilla and with a wooden spoon beat in flour mixture until well combined. Add carrots, walnuts, and coconut, stirring until just combined. Fill muffin tins 2/3 full with batter (there will be enough batter remaining to make 4 more cupcakes) and bake in middle of oven until a tester comes out clean, about 18 minutes. Turn cupcakes out onto a rack and cool completely. Muffin  <END>
INPUT: coarse salt, garlic, virgin olive oil, Anaheim chiles, wine
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spaghettini with Shrimp | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons coarse salt; 4 garlic cloves, thinly sliced; 6 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 2 fresh Anaheim chiles, cut into 1/4-inch rounds; 2 cups dry white wine; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1 pound bay or small gulf shrimp, peeled and deveined; Coarse salt; 10 ounces spaghettini; 1 bunch arugula, washed, spun dry, and chopped into ribbons (2 cups) | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring 6 quarts of water to a boil and add about 2 tablespoons salt. In a 12-inch saute pan, saute the garlic in the olive oil over moderate heat until lightly brown, about 1 minute. Add the chiles and continue cooking about 30 seconds longer. Add the wine and butter and boil over high heat for 3 minutes. Add the shrimp stirring until just cooked, about 4 minutes. Season, to taste, with salt and remove from heat. Add the spaghettini to the boiling water and cook according to package instructions, until tender but still al dente. Drain the pasta and add the spaghettini to the saute pan with the  <END>
INPUT: Italian, crown, roast, kosher salt, pepper, coriander, cumin, fennel
OUTPUT: TITLE: Crown Roast of Lamb with Mint and Green Onion Pesto | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons kosher salt; 1 1/2 teaspoons freshly ground black pepper; 2 teaspoons ground coriander; 2 teaspoons ground cumin; 2 teaspoons ground fennel; 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 2 racks of lamb, frenched, fat caps trimmed; 4 cups fresh mint leaves; 2 cups fresh cilantro leaves, with some tender stems; 1/2 cup slivered almonds, toasted; 1 teaspoon kosher salt; 4 green onions, green and light green parts only, roughly chopped; 1 clove garlic, roughly chopped; 1 Fresno chile, seeded, deveined and roughly chopped; 1 1/2 cups extra-virgin olive oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: kitchen twine For the lamb: Preheat the oven to 250 degrees F. In a small bowl, combine the salt, pepper, coriander, cumin and fennel. Drizzle the olive oil over both sides of the racks of lamb, then evenly apply the dry rub all over the lamb. Using a sharp knife, make cuts between each of the rib bones on the back sides of the racks to allow the straight racks to be flexible and formed into a crown. Tie the 2 racks together where they meet. Lift them so that the bare bones point upward and fashion them into a crown, then secure by tying twine around the bottom and midsectio <END>
INPUT: salad, each zucchini squash, wine vinegar, Dijon mustard, virgin olive oil, arugula
OUTPUT: TITLE: Squash Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 each small zucchini and yellow squash, ends trimmed; 2 tablespoons red-wine vinegar; 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard; 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1 large bunch arugula, trimmed, washed, and patted dry; 1 large ripe tomato, cored; 2 tablespoons chopped flat-leaf parsley | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. Cut the zucchini and squash in thin slices on the diagonal; place in a bowl. 2. Prepare the dressing: Whisk the vinegar, mustard, salt, and pepper together in a bowl. Slowly drizzle in the oil, whisking constantly until thickened. Toss with the squash. Let rest 10 minutes. 3. Place the arugula in a salad bowl. Cut the tomato in half lengthwise and then into very thin wedges; scatter over the greens. 4. Before serving, spoon the squash and dressing over arugula. Sprinkle with parsley and season with salt and pepper. Serve immediately, tossing at the table. 1. Cut the zucchini and squash in t <END>
INPUT: cheddar, mashed, pork shoulder, Kosher salt coarse, vegetable olive oil, butter, caraway seeds
OUTPUT: TITLE: Braised Pork with Caraway, Apples and Onions and Mustard-Cheddar Mashed Potatoes with Parsnips | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: One 4-pound boneless pork shoulder; Kosher salt and coarse black pepper; 2 tablespoons vegetable or olive oil; 6 tablespoons butter; 1 tablespoon caraway seeds; 1 teaspoon fennel seeds; 1 teaspoon mustard seeds; 4 onions, cut into thin wedges, root end attached; 3 firm, crisp apples, peeled and cut into wedges; 2 tablespoons fresh thyme leaves, chopped; Pinch freshly grated nutmeg; 3 tablespoons cider vinegar; 2 tablespoons honey; One 12-ounce bottle German beer or lager; 1 1/2 cups chicken stock | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Let the pork sit covered at room temperature for 30 minutes. Pat the pork dry with a paper towel. Sprinkle the pork generously with salt and pepper. Heat a large Dutch oven or heavy-bottomed pot over medium-high heat with the oil, 2 turns of the pan. Place the pork in the pot and evenly brown the meat all over, about 10 to 12 minutes time in total. Remove the pork and reserve. Turn heat down to medium, add 3 tablespoons of the butter to the pot. When it foams, add the caraway, fennel and mustard seeds and stir for 1 minute. Add in the onions, apples, thyme, n <END>
INPUT: mousse, sugar, imported sweet Marsala, egg yolks, whipping cream
OUTPUT: TITLE: Marsala and Mascarpone Mousse with Pound Cake and Berries | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup sugar; 1/3 cup plus 3 tablespoons imported sweet Marsala; 3 egg yolks; 1 cup (8 ounces) mascarpone cheese; 1/2 cup chilled whipping cream; 1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract; 1/4 teaspoon cinnamon; 24 4x1/2x1/4-inch strips purchased pound cake; 2 1/2-pint containers raspberries | INSTRUCTIONS: Whisk sugar, 1/3 cup Marsala, and egg yolks to blend in large metal bowl. Set over pan of barely simmering water (do not allow bowl to touch water); whisk constantly until mixture thickens and thermometer registers 160°F, about 6 minutes. Place bowl over large bowl filled with ice; continue whisking until zabaglione cools, about 3 minutes. Whisk mascarpone to loosen in another large bowl; in 3 additions, foldin zabaglione. Whip cream, vanilla, and cinnamon in small bowl until soft peaks form; fold into zabaglione. Sprinkle pound cake strips with remaining 3 tablespoons Marsala. Arrange 4 strip <END>
INPUT: nami, eclairs, Pate, kosher salt, all purpose flour, eggs
OUTPUT: TITLE: Choux-Nami (Salmon Salad Eclairs) | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: Pate a Choux:; 1 stick (8 tablespoons) unsalted butter; 1/4 teaspoon kosher salt; 1 cup all-purpose flour; 4 large or extra-large eggs; Salmon Salad:; 1 1/2 cups cream cheese; 1 cup chopped smoked salmon; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh dill; 2 hardboiled eggs, yolks removed, whites chopped; 1 sprig fresh mint, chopped; 1/2 small red onion, finely diced; 1 cup mixed micro greens | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: 2 piping bags and a large star tip For the pate a choux: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Line 2 baking sheets with parchment paper. Bring the butter, salt and 1 cup water to a boil in a small saucepan over medium-high heat. Add the flour and cook, stirring, until the mixture comes together in a solid ball and leaves a light film in the bottom of the pan. Transfer the dough to the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with a paddle attachment and set the speed to medium. Add the eggs 1 at a time and mix until each is fully incorporated. Transfer the dough to a piping bag fitted wit <END>
INPUT: soup, asparagus, butter, onion, leek, celery
OUTPUT: TITLE: Creamy Asparagus Soup | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound asparagus, cut into 1-inch pieces; 1 1/2 teaspoons butter; 1 small onion, coarsely chopped; 1/2 leek, trimmed of all but 1 inch of dark-green top, sliced; 1 celery stalk, sliced; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 2 3/4 cups low-sodium chicken broth; White pepper; Pinch of nutmeg (optional); 1 tablespoon pine nuts | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring a medium pot of water to a boil; add asparagus (make sure water covers asparagus). Cook 5 minutes. Drain, reserving 1 cup asparagus water. Remove 16 asparagus tips; cut in half lengthwise; set aside. Heat butter in a medium saucepan over low heat until melted. Cook onion, leek and celery, covered, stirring occasionally, until soft but not brown, 10 to 16 minutes. Add salt. Add broth; bring to a simmer. Cook, partially covered, 8 minutes. Purée broth mixture, asparagus (not tips) and reserved asparagus water in a blender, in 2 batches. (Remove center part of blender lid to prevent hot liq <END>
INPUT: shrimp, andouille, unsalted butter, onion, capers, roasted garlic puree, Creole seasoning
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Shrimp and Andouille Sausage with Hot Ravigote Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon unsalted butter; 2 tablespoons finely diced yellow onion; 2 teaspoons capers, rinsed and drained; 1 1/4 teaspoons roasted garlic puree; 1/8 teaspoon Creole seasoning; 1/8 teaspoon ground black pepper; 1/8 teaspoon ground white pepper; 1/8 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes; Pinch of salt; 1 1/2 cups heavy cream; 4 teaspoons Creole mustard; 1 teaspoon prepared horseradish; 1/8 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce; 1/8 teaspoon hot pepper sauce; 1 teaspoon unsalted butter | INSTRUCTIONS: PROCEDURE: Prepare a grill by lighting the charcoals or heating a gas grill on medium heat. Heat the butter in a medium non-stick saute pan over high heat, add the onion and cook 1 to 2 minutes until soft but not browned. Stir in the capers, garlic puree, Creole seasoning, black and white pepper, red pepper flakes, and salt, cooking 1 minute. Whisk in the cream, mustard, horseradish, Worcestershire and hot pepper sauce. Bring to a boil and simmer for 5 minutes whisking occasionally until sauce thickens. Add in the butter whisking until completely incorporated. Set aside until needed. Reheat th <END>
INPUT: swirl, walnuts, almonds, pine nuts, figs, dates
OUTPUT: TITLE: Greek Yogurt with a Fig, Date, and Honey Swirl | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup walnuts; 1/4 cup almonds; 1/4 cup pine nuts; 6 figs, fresh or dried, cut into quarters; 6 dates, pitted and chopped; 1/2 cup honey; 1/4 cup water; 1 lemon, juiced; 1 cinnamon stick; 2 cups Greek yogurt*; Mint leaves for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Toast the nuts in a saute pan over medium heat until they become fragrant. Put the nuts onto a plate and set aside; when cool enough to handle, chop them roughly. In a small saucepan over medium heat, add the figs, dates, honey, water, lemon juice, and cinnamon stick. Cook for about 10 minutes until fruit is soft. Set aside and let it cool slightly; remove the cinnamon stick. Place the yogurt in a big bowl. Spoon the warm fruit onto the yogurt and gently swirl the fruit through the yogurt. Sprinkle on the nuts and garnish with mint leaves. Serve immediately.; <END>
INPUT: strawberries, sugar, lemon zest, vanilla, mint
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sweet Strawberries | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 pints strawberries, hulled and cut in half; 1/2 cup sugar; 1/2 teaspoon grated lemon zest; 1/2 teaspoon vanilla; Fresh mint sprig, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Put the strawberries in a bowl, add the sugar, zest and vanilla and stir. Leave to macerate for 30 minutes at room temperature. The sugar will soften the fruit and draw delicious juices out to make a delicious syrup. Top with a sprig of fresh mint before serving! <END>
INPUT: Italian, relish, mixed grape tomatoes, virgin olive oil, garlic, cumin seeds, orange juice pulp
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Grape Tomato, Orange, and Basil Relish | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups mixed red and yellow grape tomatoes (about 12 ounces); 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 2 garlic cloves, crushed; 1 teaspoon cumin seeds; 1/4 cup fresh orange juice with pulp; 1/2 teaspoon finely grated orange peel; 2 tablespoons thinly sliced fresh basil | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 450°F. Toss tomatoes, oil, garlic, and cumin seeds in 13x9x2-inch glass baking dish. Roast until tomatoes are slightly wrinkled and softened, about 13 minutes. Cool slightly. Mix in orange juice and orange peel. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Transfer relish to small bowl. do ahead Can be made 1 day ahead; chill. Bring to room temperature before serving. Stir in basil and serve. Preheat oven to 450°F. Toss tomatoes, oil, garlic, and cumin seeds in 13x9x2-inch glass baking dish. Roast until tomatoes are slightly wrinkled and softened, about 13 minutes. Cool slightly. Mix  <END>
INPUT: American, hotcakes, just add water, apple juice, cinnamon, apple butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Bunny Hotcakes with Apple Butter Cream | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups just-add-water pancake mix; 1 1/2 cups apple juice; 1 1/2 teaspoons ground cinnamon; 1 (8-ounce) container whipped cream cheese; 2/3 cup apple butter; Cooking spray; Shredded coconut; 2 drops yellow food coloring; Star-shaped dragees; 1 bag mini-marshmallows; Bunny-shaped cookie cutter; Egg-shaped cookie cutter; Chick-shaped cookie cutter | INSTRUCTIONS: To make the hotcakes: In a medium mixing bowl, whisk together the pancake mix, apple juice, and cinnamon. Set aside. In a small mixing bowl, combine the whipped cream cheese and apple butter until smooth. Set aside. Lightly spray a large skillet with cooking spray and heat over medium heat. Using a 1/3 cup measure, scoop the pancake batter into the skillet. Flip the pancakes when they start to bubble. Cook an additional 1 to 2 minutes, or until golden brown. Remove pancakes to a cooling rack. Using the shaped cookie-cutters, create several bunny, chick, and egg shapes from the cooled pancakes. <END>
INPUT: strudel, phyllo dough, clarified margarine, fine bread crumbs, golden raisins, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Apple Strudel | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 5 sheets phyllo dough; 1/2 cup clarified margarine; 1 cup fine bread crumbs; 4 ounces golden raisins; 1 ounce sugar; 1/2 ounce ground cinnamon; 4 ounces sliced almonds; 6 ounces Granny Smith apples, peeled, cored, and sliced; 1 small can apple pie filling | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Place 1 layer of phyllo dough on a flat surface. Brush with the clarified margarine and sprinkle with about 2 tablespoons of bread crumbs. Top with another sheet of phyllo dough and repeat the process with the remaining sheets of phyllo dough. In a mixing bowl combine the raisins, sugar, cinnamon, almonds, apples, and apple pie filling. Place the mixture in a log at 1 edge of the phyllo dough layers. Roll the phyllo dough around the mixture tightly and place on baking tray. Bake the strudel in the oven for 10 to 15 minutes or until golden brown in color. Remove f <END>
INPUT: pudding, milk, Arborio rice, sugar, nutmeg, heavy cream
OUTPUT: TITLE: Rice Pudding | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups whole milk; 1/3 cup Arborio rice; 8 teaspoons sugar; Whole nutmeg; 4 tablespoons heavy cream; Garnish: cinnamon; Equipment: 4 (6- to 8-oz) ramekins | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 325°F with rack in middle. Butter ramekins. Add 1/2 cup milk, 4 teaspoons rice, 2 teaspoons sugar, and a pinch of salt to each ramekin. Finely grate a little nutmeg over each, then stir to combine. Put ramekins in a shallow baking pan and bake until most of milk is absorbed and tops are golden-brown, about 1 hour (a skin will form). Cool puddings in ramekins on a rack, about 1 hour. Discard skin from puddings, then stir 1 tablespoon cream into each. Puddings can be eaten at room temperature or chilled. If desired, chill puddings, covered, at least 30 minutes. Preheat oven to 32 <END>
INPUT: Mexican, sour, soup, vegetable oil, Thai curry paste, low salt chicken, kaffir lime leaves, ginger
OUTPUT: TITLE: Hot-and-Sour Soup with Shrimp, Napa Cabbage, and Shiitake Mushrooms | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 teaspoon vegetable oil; 3/4 teaspoon Thai red curry paste; 3 14-ounce cans low-salt chicken broth; 2 kaffir lime leaves or 1 teaspoon finely grated lime peel; 1 tablespoon minced peeled fresh ginger; 1 pound uncooked deveined peeled medium shrimp, halved lengthwise; 4 ounces shiitake mushrooms, stemmed, sliced 1/8 inch thick; 8 ounces Napa cabbage, cut crosswise into 1/8-inch-thick slices (about 4 cups); 1/4 cup fresh lime juice; Chopped fresh cilantro; Chopped fresh green onions | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat oil in heavy large pot over medium heat. Add curry paste and stir until beginning to stick to pan, about 4 minutes. Stir in chicken broth, kaffir lime leaves, and minced ginger. Bring to boil; reduce heat to medium and simmer 5 minutes. Add shrimp and mushrooms. Cook until shrimp begin to turn pink, about 3 minutes. Add cabbage; cook until beginning to wilt, about 30 seconds. Stir in lime juice. Divide soup among bowls; sprinkle with chopped cilantro and green onions and serve. Heat oil in heavy large pot over medium heat. Add curry paste and stir until beginning to stick to pan, about 4  <END>
INPUT: crusted, hash, trimmed lamb loin, virgin olive oil, Irvine Spices Roasted, bacon, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Garlic-Pepper Crusted Seared Lamb Loin with Tomato Hash served on Crostini | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 pounds trimmed lamb loin; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1/4 cup Irvine Spices Roasted Garlic Pepper; 1/2 pound sliced bacon; 1 red onion, diced; 2 cloves garlic, chopped; 3 large tomatoes, seeds removed and diced; 1/4 cup chopped fresh chives; 3 ounces soft herbed cheese or goat cheese (recommended: Boursin); 1 baguette, cut into 24 slices and lightly toasted; 1/4 cup mint leaves, finely chopped | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Rub lamb loin with 1 tablespoon of the olive oil then sprinkle with Roasted Garlic Pepper. Wrap bacon around lamb loin and secure with toothpicks. Heat a skillet over high heat. Sear bacon wrapped lamb on all sides until golden brown. Remove toothpicks and strips of bacon. (Since the powerful flavor of the bacon can be overwhelming to lamb we will only use its imparted flavor from the searing process. The bacon strips can be discarded or cooked until crispy and reserved in the refrigerator for a short time to use as a garnish on a future Cobb salad or the like.)  <END>
INPUT: salad, mixed baby greens, mandarin oranges, English European seedless, rice wine vinegar, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mixed Baby Greens Salad with Mandarin Oranges | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 bag mixed baby greens, 10 ounces; 1 can mandarin oranges, drained; 1/4 English or European seedless cucumber, thinly sliced; 2 tablespoons rice wine or white vinegar, eyeball it; 2 teaspoons sugar; 3 tablespoons vegetable oil, eyeball it; 1 teaspoon toasted sesame oil; Sesame seeds, for garnish, 2 tablespoons; Salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine greens, oranges and cucumber in a salad bowl. In a small bowl, combine vinegar and sugar. Whisk in vegetable oil and sesame oil. Pour dressing over salad. Add sesame seeds, salt and pepper and toss. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, picante, olive oil, onions, garlic, roast beef
OUTPUT: TITLE: Picante Roast Beef Sandwich with Garlic, Lime and Green Chile | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2 teaspoons olive oil; 1/2 cup diced onions; 2 to 3 cloves garlic, minced; 12 ounces sliced roast beef, sliced into strips; 1 (14-ounce) can diced tomatoes; 1 (4-ounce) can minced green chiles; 2 tablespoons fresh lime juice; 1 teaspoon ground cumin; 2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro leaves; Salt and ground black pepper; 4 sandwich rolls, sliced in 1/2 | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Heat oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Add onion and garlic and saute 3 minutes, until soft. Add roast beef slices and saute 3 to 5 minutes, until browned on all sides, stirring frequently. Add tomatoes, jalapenos, lime juice, and cumin and stir to combine. Bring to a simmer and cook 5 minutes, to heat through and reduce slightly. Remove from heat and stir in cilantro. Season, to taste, with salt and black pepper. Spoon onto sliced rolls with plenty of sauce and serve. <END>
INPUT: cowboy, pinto beans, ham hock, bay leaf, garlic, jalapeno chile
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cowboy Beans | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups pinto beans, cleaned, soaked overnight in a non-reactive bowl and drained; liquid discarded; 1 ham hock; 1 bay leaf; 3 cloves garlic, peeled; 1 whole jalapeno chile; 5 cups water; 2/3 cup finely chopped white onion; 2 slices thick-cut bacon, finely chopped; 4 ounces pork chorizo, casing removed; Salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. In a large saucepan, bring the soaked beans, ham hock, bay leaf, garlic, jalapeno, and 5 cups of water to a boil over high heat. Cover the pan, reduce the heat to medium and simmer for 2 hours or until beans are tender. If the beans absorb too much water, add 1 cup of water after 1 hour and continue cooking (Beans mixture should remain soupy while cooking). Turn off the heat. Cook the bacon in a large saute pan over medium-high heat until almost crisp, about 10 minutes. Add onion and cook for about 3 minutes or until translucent. Transfer bacon and onion mixture  <END>
INPUT: latte, base, pumpkin puree, sugar, espresso powder, maple syrup, pumpkin pie spice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pumpkin Spice Latte Base | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: One 15-ounce can pumpkin puree; 1/2 cup packed brown sugar; 2 tablespoons espresso powder; 2 tablespoons maple syrup; 2 teaspoons pumpkin pie spice; 1 teaspoon vanilla; Pinch kosher salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine the pumpkin, brown sugar, espresso powder, maple syrup, pumpkin pie spice, vanilla and salt in a mixing bowl and mix until completely combined. Transfer to a resealable container and store in the refrigerator for up to 2 weeks. Add to taste to hot chocolate, whipped cream, oatmeal or milkshakes. <END>
INPUT: jerk, allspice, nutmeg, salt, thyme, ginger
OUTPUT: TITLE: Jerk Chicken | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 teaspoons ground allspice; 1/2 teaspoon ground nutmeg; 1 teaspoon salt; 2 teaspoons dried thyme; 1 teaspoon ground ginger; 1 tablespoon brown sugar; 1 1/2 teaspoons ground black pepper; 2 tablespoons vegetable oil; 2 cups chopped onions; 5 cloves garlic; 2 habanero peppers; 1 (5-pound) chicken, skin on, cut into 10 pieces; 1 cup lime juice | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine all ingredients except the chicken and lime juice in a food processor and puree until pretty smooth. Place the chicken and lime juice in a mixing bowl and pour about half of the jerk sauce over it, tossing the chicken around to coat it well. Place in a container and pour the remaining sauce on top of chicken. Cover and refrigerate for at least 4 hours or overnight. Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Remove the chicken pieces from the jerk marinade and place them, skin side up, on a rimmed baking sheet or dish. Bake in the oven for 45 to 55 minutes until cooked through and the juices run cl <END>
INPUT: grain, bowls, olive oil, cumin, cayenne pepper, kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grain Bowls With Chicken, Spiced Chickpeas, and Avocado | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 teaspoons olive oil; 1 (15.5-ounce) can chickpeas, drained, rinsed, patted dry; 1/2 teaspoon ground cumin; 1/8 teaspoon cayenne pepper; 1/4 teaspoon kosher salt; 1 1/2 cups parsley leaves; 3/4 cup mint leaves; 1 1/4 cups extra-virgin olive oil; 6 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 1 teaspoon honey; 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt; 4 cups cooked quinoa, farro, barley, or brown rice; 4 cups shredded cooked chicken (from 1 rotisserie chicken); 2 mini seedless cucumbers, halved, sliced; 2 avocados, halved, pitted, sliced | INSTRUCTIONS: Make the chickpeas: Heat oil in a large skillet over medium. Cook chickpeas, cumin, and cayenne, shaking to coat, until heated through. Increase heat to medium-high and cook, shaking occasionally, until chickpeas are golden brown and crisp, about 10 minutes. Transfer to paper towels and season immediately with salt. Heat oil in a large skillet over medium. Cook chickpeas, cumin, and cayenne, shaking to coat, until heated through. Increase heat to medium-high and cook, shaking occasionally, until chickpeas are golden brown and crisp, about 10 minutes. Transfer to paper towels and season immedia <END>
INPUT: American, explosion, Cream Cheese Peanut, layers chocolate cake, fudge, Brownie chunks
OUTPUT: TITLE: Peanut Butter Explosion | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 (10-inch) brownie round; Cream Cheese Peanut Butter Mousse, recipe follows; 2 layers chocolate cake; Melted fudge; Brownie chunks; Peanut butter chips; 6 (8 ounce) bars cream cheese, softened; 1 (12 ounce) package peanut butter cups, crushed; 1 (8 ounce) jar creamy peanut butter | INSTRUCTIONS: Assembly: Begin with a layer of brownie, alternate layers of cream cheese peanut butter mousse and chocolate cake, ending with cake. Pour melted fudge over the cake; top with chunks of brownie pieces. Pour more melted fudge over the brownie pieces. Finish with a splash of peanut butter chips on top. Thoroughly combine ingredients. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, spiced, unsalted mixed nuts, cumin, chili powder, cayenne pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spiced Nuts | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 4 cups unsalted mixed nuts (such as almonds, walnuts, cashews, peanuts); 4 tablespoons (1/2 stick) unsalted butter; 1 teaspoon ground cumin; 1 teaspoon chili powder; 1/2 teaspoon cayenne pepper; 1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 3 tablespoons brown sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Spread the nuts out on a large baking sheet. Bake until the nuts are lightly toasted, about 8 to 10 minutes. In the meantime, melt the butter in a small saucepan over low heat. Add the remaining ingredients and stir to combine. Transfer the nuts to a serving bowl. Pour in the butter and toss to coat evenly. Serve warm or room temperature. <END>
INPUT: virgin olive oil, salt, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Prosciutto, Rosemary and Pepper Bread | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 package (2 1/2 teaspoons) active dry yeast; 1/4 cup warm (105 to 110 degrees F) water; 2 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil; 1 1/2 teaspoons salt; 3/4 teaspoon coarsely cracked black pepper; 3 1/2 cups bread or unbleached all-purpose flour, approximately; 4 ounces (1/4-inch thick) sliced prosciutto, chopped into 1/4-inch dice; 1 1/2 tablespoons chopped fresh rosemary or 2 teaspoons dried rosemary | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large bowl or in the bowl of a heavy-duty electric mixer, sprinkle the yeast over the water and stir. Let stand until the yeast softens, about 10 minutes. Stir to dissolve the yeast. Using a wooden spoon or the paddle blade of the mixer, stir in the oil, salt and pepper. Gradually beat in enough flour to make a shaggy dough that clears the sides of the bowl. If kneading by hand, turn out the dough onto a lightly floured work surface. Knead the dough, adding more flour as needed, until the dough is smooth and elastic, about 10 minutes. If kneading by machine, change to the dough hook and k <END>
INPUT: American, french, toast, unsalted butter, loaf Italian style, eggs, granulated sugar, pure vanilla extract
OUTPUT: TITLE: French Toast Casserole with Brown Sugar-Walnut Crumble | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, softened, for the casserole dish; 1 loaf Italian-style bread, cut into 18 half-inch-thick slices (about 1 pound); 6 large eggs; 1/3 cup granulated sugar; 2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract; 1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon; Kosher salt; 2 cups whole milk; 1 cup heavy cream; 3/4 cup packed light brown sugar; 1/4 cup all-purpose flour; 1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1/4 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg; Kosher salt; 1 stick unsalted butter, cut into cubes | INSTRUCTIONS: For the casserole: Generously butter a 3-quart casserole dish. Arrange the bread slices over the bottom of the dish in three rows of 6 slices, shingling slightly. Whisk the eggs, granulated sugar, vanilla, cinnamon, nutmeg and 1/2 teaspoon salt in large bowl until combined and smooth. Whisk in the milk and heavy cream. Pour the egg mixture evenly over the bread slices, making sure that all slices have been coated. Cover the dish and refrigerate for at least 8 hours or up to 12. Position an oven rack in the center of the oven, and preheat to 350 degrees F. For the crumble: Toss the brown sugar, <END>
INPUT: carrots, chicken broth, unsalted butter, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Braised and Glazed Carrots | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound carrots, peeled and cut in wedges; 1 cup chicken broth, low sodium; 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, divided; 1 tablespoon brown sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine the carrots, chicken broth, and 1 tablespoon of butter. Simmer, covered, over medium heat until the carrots are tender and the liquid is cooked down. Add the remaining butter and brown sugar. Rotate the pan around to coat the carrots with the syrup. <END>
INPUT: chowder, pheasant, bacon, carrots, onion, celery
OUTPUT: TITLE: Smoked Pheasant Chowder | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pheasant; 1 cup bacon; 1/2 cup diced carrots; 1/2 cup chopped onion; 1/2 cup diced celery; 1/2 cup diced garlic; 1 cup flour; Chicken stock; 1/2 cup minced bacon; 1/4 cup olive oil; 1/4 cup minced garlic; 1/2 cup diced carrot; 1/2 diced onion; 1/2 cup diced celery; 1/2 cup diced red pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Debone pheasant and reserve bones. Chop bones. To a sauce pan add bacon and cook until brown. Add carrots, onion, celery, garlic and cook mixture. Add flour. Stir until brown. Add bones and enough chicken stock to cover mixture. Cover, cook for 1 1/2 hours. Strain and reserve.; In a pot, add bacon and oil and cook until brown. Add all vegetables and brown. Add cilantro, meat and stock and simmer until vegetables are cooked. Season with spices. <END>
INPUT: frozen, bananas, milk chocolate chips, butterscotch morsels, almonds, candy sprinkles
OUTPUT: TITLE: Frozen Bananas | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 bananas, peeled and halved; 1 cup milk chocolate chips; 1 cup butterscotch morsels; 1 cup chopped almonds; 1 cup candy sprinkles; 8 wooden craft sticks | INSTRUCTIONS: Insert wooden stick into each banana piece. Arrange on parchment-lined sheet pan and freeze for 20 minutes. Place chips and morsels into separate bowls. Microwave on medium heat until melted, about 60 seconds, stirring every 30 seconds. Remove bananas from freezer and dip by alternating between melted chocolate and butterscotch. Immediately roll them in chopped nuts or sprinkles. Freeze until frozen solid, about 1 hour. <END>
INPUT: toasts, bell peppers, fennel seeds, flat anchovy fillets, lemon juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Anchovy Fennel Toasts with Roasted Red Peppers | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 small red bell peppers (3/4 lb total); 2 1/2 teaspoons fennel seeds; 1 stick (1/2 cup) unsalted butter, softened; 6 to 9 flat anchovy fillets (from a 2-oz can), patted dry and minced; 1 teaspoon fresh lemon juice; 1/2 teaspoon black pepper; 24 (1/4-inch-thick) diagonal slices of baguette; Special equipment: an electric coffee/spice grinder or a mortar and pestle | INSTRUCTIONS: Roast bell peppers on racks of gas burners over high heat, turning with tongs, until skins are blackened, 10 to 12 minutes. Transfer to a large bowl and cover tightly with plastic wrap, then let steam, covered, about 20 minutes. When peppers are cool enough to handle, peel, then halve lengthwise, discarding stems and seeds. Cut peppers lengthwise into 3/4-inch-wide strips. Toast fennel seeds in a dry small heavy skillet over moderately low heat, shaking skillet frequently, until lightly browned, 3 to 4 minutes, then transfer to a bowl and cool. Finely grind fennel seeds in grinder, then stir i <END>
INPUT: almonds skin, tamari, sugar, Special
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tamari Almonds | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 cups whole almonds with skin (a scant 2 lb); 1/2 cup tamari (wheat-free soy sauce; preferably San-J); 1/2 teaspoon sugar; Special equipment: 2 large (17- by 12-inch) shallow baking pans | INSTRUCTIONS: Put oven racks in upper and lower thirds of oven and preheat oven to 300°F. Divide almonds between baking pans, spreading in 1 layer, and bake 15 minutes. Stir together tamari and sugar in a large heatproof bowl until sugar is dissolved. Add hot almonds and stir until coated well. Let stand, stirring occasionally, 5 minutes. Return almonds to baking pans with a slotted spoon, spreading them evenly. Discard any liquid remaining in bowl. Bake almonds, stirring and switching position of pans halfway through baking, until almonds are dark brown outside and golden inside, about 25 minutes (cut an a <END>
INPUT: salad, barley, fennel bulb, golden beets, onion, almonds
OUTPUT: TITLE: Barley, Fennel, and Beet Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups cooked barley (from about 2/3 cup dried); 1 thinly sliced fennel bulb; 2 thinly sliced small golden beets; 1/2 thinly sliced small red onion; 1/4 cup chopped toasted almonds; 1/4 cup torn fresh mint in a large bowl; 1/4 cup olive oil; 3 tablespoons Sherry vinegar or red wine vinegar; Salt; Pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Toss 2 cups cooked barley (from about 2/3 cup dried), 1 thinly sliced fennel bulb, 2 thinly sliced small golden beets, 1/2 thinly sliced small red onion, 1/4 cup chopped toasted almonds, and 1/4 cup torn fresh mint in a large bowl with 1/4 cup olive oil and 3 tablespoons Sherry vinegar or red wine vinegar; season with salt and pepper. Toss 2 cups cooked barley (from about 2/3 cup dried), 1 thinly sliced fennel bulb, 2 thinly sliced small golden beets, 1/2 thinly sliced small red onion, 1/4 cup chopped toasted almonds, and 1/4 cup torn fresh mint in a large bowl with 1/4 cup olive oil and 3 tab <END>
INPUT: fritters, bacon, Vidalia other sweet, okra, egg, well shaken buttermilk
OUTPUT: TITLE: Okra Cornmeal Fritters | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 bacon slices; 1/2 large Vidalia or other sweet onion, finely chopped (2/3 cup); 1/2 pound fresh okra, trimmed and chopped; 1 large egg; 1 cup well-shaken buttermilk; 1 cup white cornmeal (preferably stone-ground); 1 tespoon sugar; 1/4 tespoon cayenne; About 1 cup vegetable oil for frying | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 200°F with rack in middle. Cook bacon in a heavy medium skillet over medium heat, turning occasionally, until crisp. Drain bacon on paper towels, reserving fat in skillet. Finely chop bacon. Add onion and okra to fat in skillet and cook over medium heat, stirring, until beginning to soften, about 3 minutes. Remove from heat and stir in bacon. Whisk egg in a medium bowl, then whisk in buttermilk, cornmeal, sugar, cayenne, and 1 tsp salt until smooth. Stir in okra mixture. Wipe skillet clean. Add enough oil to skillet to measure 1/4 inch and heat over medium heat until it shimmer <END>
INPUT: Mexican, unsalted butter, cumin seeds, caraway seeds, coriander seeds, savoy cabbage
OUTPUT: TITLE: Braised Cabbage | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, plus 1/2 stick; 2 teaspoons whole cumin seeds; 2 teaspoons whole caraway seeds; 2 teaspoons whole coriander seeds; 2 small heads savoy cabbage, cored, leaves thinly sliced; 1 tablespoon kosher salt, plus more for seasoning; 1 poblano pepper, washed and cut into thin rounds, including seeds; 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar; 4 oranges, juiced; 3 tablespoons finely chopped cilantro leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large saute pan, melt 2 tablespoons butter over medium heat. Add the cumin, caraway and coriander seeds and toast them slightly for 30 seconds. Do not let them brown. Immediately add half of the cabbage and season with the salt. Toss and stir to wilt and to combine with the spices. Add the remaining cabbage and if necessary, reseason with salt and allow it to continue wilting. Stir in the poblano, toss and cook over medium heat, stirring from time to time, about 10 to 15 minutes. Taste for seasoning. Stir in the vinegar and orange juice and toss to blend. Taste for seasoning. Lower the he <END>
INPUT: packages, filled, cabbage, water, salt, bacon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cabbage Packages Filled with Creamed Onions, Bacon and Sage | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 large whole head green cabbage; 1 large whole head red cabbage; 4 quarts water; 2 tablespoons salt; 1 pound thick-sliced bacon, cut crosswise into 1/4-inch strips; 1 3/4 pounds onions (about 3 medium), thinly sliced; 3/4 cup whipping cream; 2 tablespoons plus 2 teaspoons chopped fresh sage; 1 teaspoon fennel seeds; 1/4 cup olive oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Using sharp knife, cut deep cone-shaped incision into bottom of each cabbage; remove cores. Bring 4 quarts water and salt to boil in large saucepan. Add whole green cabbage and cook until leaves soften, about 7 minutes, turning occasionally. Transfer cabbage to colander and drain, cut side down. Gently pull off 8 leaves. If necessary, boil leaves about 3 minutes longer until leaves are soft enough to bend easily. Trim thick ribs from leaves. Repeat with whole red cabbage. Cook bacon in heavy large skillet over medium heat until crisp, stirring occasionally, about 15 minutes. Using slotted spoo <END>
INPUT: whipping cream, milk, vanilla bean, sugar, dark rum
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pineapple-Rum Ice Cream | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 cups whipping cream; 1 cup whole milk; 1 vanilla bean, split lengthwise; 2 1/4 cups sugar; 3/4 cups dark rum; 10 large egg yolks; 1/2 cup pineapple juice; 2 cups finely chopped fresh pineapple | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine cream and milk in heavy large saucepan. Scrape in seeds from vanilla bean; add bean. Bring to simmer. Remove from heat. Mix in 3/4 cup sugar and 1/4 cup rum. Whisk yolks and 3/4 cup sugar in large bowl until beginning to thicken. Whisk in pineapple juice, then hot cream mixture. Return to saucepan. Stir over medium-low heat until custard thickens and leaves path on back of spoon when finger is drawn across, about 10 minutes (do not boil). Strain mixture into large bowl. Chill until cold, about 2 hours. Meanwhile, mix 3/4 cup sugar, 1/2 cup rum and chopped pineapple in medium bowl and c <END>
INPUT: shredded, wraps, onion, garlic, olive oil, cider vinegar, ketchup
OUTPUT: TITLE: Shredded Pork Wraps with Coleslaw | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 medium onion, chopped; 1 garlic clove, minced; 1 tablespoon olive oil; 2 tablespoons cider vinegar; 1/4 cup ketchup; 2 tablespoons ketchup-style chili sauce; 2 teaspoons Worcestershire sauce; 1 teaspoon hot pepper sauce; 3/4 cup water; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/4 teaspoon black pepper; 1 (12-ounce) pork tenderloin, halved crosswise; 2 (10 by 9-inch) sheets Middle Eastern?style soft flatbread such as lavash, halved crosswise, or 4 (8 to 9-inch) flour tortillas; 2 cups store-bought coleslaw | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook onion and garlic in oil in a 3 to 4-quart heavy pot over moderate heat, stirring, until golden, about 8 minutes. Stir in remaining ingredients except pork, lavash, and coleslaw and simmer, covered, 10 minutes. Add pork and simmer, covered, turning occasionally, until tender, about 45 minutes. Transfer pork with tongs to a cutting board. Puree cooking liquid in a blender until smooth (use caution when blending hot liquids) and return to pot. When pork is cool enough to handle, shred lengthwise with your fingers or 2 forks and add to sauce. Simmer, stirring, just until pork is heated throug <END>
INPUT: American, Parmesan cheese, milk, unsalted butter, unbleached all purpose, paprika
OUTPUT: TITLE: Classic Cheese Soufflé | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons finely grated Parmesan cheese; 1 cup whole milk; 2 1/2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 3 tablespoons unbleached all purpose flour; 1/2 teaspoon paprika; 1/2 teaspoon salt; Pinch of ground nutmeg; 4 large egg yolks; 5 large egg whites; 1 cup (packed) coarsely grated Gruyère cheese (about 4 ounces) | INSTRUCTIONS: Position rack in lower third of oven and preheat to 400F.Butter 6-cup (1 1/2-quart) soufflé dish. Add Parmesan cheese and tilt dish, coating bottom and sides. Warm milk in heavy small saucepan over medium-low heat until steaming. Meanwhile, melt butter in heavy large saucepan over medium heat. Add flour and whisk until mixture begins to foam and loses raw taste, about 3 minutes (do not allow mixture to brown). Remove saucepan from heat; let stand 1 minute. Pour in warm milk, whisking until smooth. Return to heat and cook, whisking constantly until very thick, 2 to 3 minutes. Remove from heat; <END>
INPUT: brown, bags, butter, almonds, almond extract, chives
OUTPUT: TITLE: Brown Butter Almond Brussels Sprouts | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 bags (16-ounces) frozen Brussels sprouts; 4 tablespoons butter; 1/4 cup sliced almonds; 1 teaspoon almond extract; 1 tablespoon freshly chopped chives; Salt and freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Place Brussels sprouts in microwave safe dish and cover. Microwave on HIGH 7 minutes; stir halfway through cooking. Heat the butter in a fry pan until it turns nut brown. Add the almonds and toss to brown. Stir in extract. Add the Brussels sprouts, season with salt and pepper and toss. Cook for another 2 minutes. Garnish with chives and serve hot. <END>
INPUT: dressing, Cornbread, French bread, crusty artisan bread, button crimini mushrooms, canola oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cornbread Dressing with Pancetta, Apples, and Mushrooms | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 cups Cornbread, cut into 1-inch cubes, recipe follows; 4 cups French bread, cut into 1-inch cubes; 4 cups crusty artisan bread, cut into 1-inch cubes; 32 ounces white button or crimini mushrooms; 4 tablespoons canola oil; 3/4 teaspoon kosher salt, divided; 1/2 pound pancetta, diced; 2 cups diced onion; 5 Granny Smith apples, cut into large dice; 5 tablespoons brown sugar; 1 cup white wine; 32 fluid ounces very low-sodium chicken broth; 1 teaspoon ground thyme; 1/2 teaspoon turmeric; 2 teaspoons minced fresh rosemary leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Allow the diced bread to sit out on sheet pans for several hours or overnight, until dried out. Preheat the oven to 500 degrees F. Wash the mushrooms thoroughly and pat dry with paper towels. Toss in a bowl with the canola oil and sprinkle with 1/2 teaspoon salt; mushrooms will be very coated. Divide the mushrooms between 2 sheet pans and roast in the upper half of the oven for at least 20 minutes, stirring once halfway through roasting. Remove from the oven when the mushrooms are deep brown. Set aside. Reduce the oven to 375 degrees F. In a large skillet, cook t <END>
INPUT: wings, brown, olive oil, skate fillets, Salt pepper, flour, unsalted butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Skate Wings with Brown Butter, Preserved Lemon and Almond Sauce with Wilted Red Swiss Chard with Rai | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons olive oil; 4 skate fillets; Salt and freshly ground pepper; 1/2 cup flour, seasoned with salt and pepper; 1 stick unsalted butter, quartered; 3 preserved lemon rinds, diced, recipe follows; 1/4 cup toasted almonds, thinly sliced; 3 tablespoons chopped parsley; Wilted Swiss Chard with Raisins, recipe follows; 6 lemons; 2/3 cup kosher salt; 1 cinnamon stick; 1 tablespoon coriander seeds; 2 teaspoons black peppercorns; 4 whole cloves | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat oil in a large saute pan over medium high heat. Season skate with salt and pepper and dredge the skate on 1 side in the flour and tap off the excess. Sear the skate flour-side down until golden brown. Turn over and continue cooking for 2 to 3 minutes. Remove the skate to a plate, wipe out the pan, and return over high heat. Add the butter and cook until golden brown, add the preserved lemons, almonds and parsley, season with salt and pepper and immediately pour over the fish. Serve with Wilted Swiss Chard with Raisins. Bring 3 quarts of water to a boil in a medium non-reactive saucepan. A <END>
INPUT: frittata, sized zucchini, Olive oil, coarse sea salt, pepper, butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Egg White and Frittata | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 medium sized zucchini, cut in 1/4-inch slices; Olive oil, for grilling; 1 tablespoon coarse sea salt, plus more for seasoning; 1 teaspoon cracked black pepper, plus more for seasoning; 2 tablespoons butter; 1/4 cup diced pancetta, (6 slices); 1 teaspoon minced garlic; 2 Roma tomatoes, seeded and diced; 1 tablespoon chiffonade fresh mint leaves; 1 tablespoon chiffonade fresh basil leaves; 12 egg whites; 1/4 cup Swiss cheese | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat oven to 325 degrees F. Brush zucchini with olive oil and season with salt and pepper. Grill over medium heat in a grill pan until tender and marked. Allow to cool and dice. In a 12-inch cast iron skillet, melt butter over medium-high heat. Add pancetta and cook until crisp. Add garlic and allow to cook until fragrant. Stir in the grilled zucchini, tomatoes, and fresh herbs. Slightly beat egg whites in a large bowl and add to the pan. Turn the heat off, stir in the Swiss cheese and season with coarse salt and 1 teaspoon of black pepper. Place in oven and b <END>
INPUT: salad, oranges, orange juice, balsamic vinegar, shallot, olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Scallop, Spinach and Orange Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 oranges, peeled, white pith removed; 1 cup orange juice; 3 tablespoons balsamic vinegar; 2 tablespoons minced shallot; 1/4 cup olive oil; 12 large sea scallops, each cut horizontally into thirds; 2 tablespoons (1/4 stick) butter, melted; 1/4 teaspoon paprika; 8 cups fresh spinach leaves (about 10 ounces); 2 tablespoons sliced almonds, toasted; 1/4 cup (1/2 stick) chilled butter, cut into pieces | INSTRUCTIONS: Using knife, cut between orange membranes to release segments. Mix juice, vinegar and shallot in bowl. Whisk in oil. Reserve 1/2 cup dressing for spinach; pour remaining dressing into small saucepan. Simmer dressing in pan until reduced to 1/4 cup, about 5 minutes. Set aside. Line baking sheet with foil. Overlap 9 scallops slices on foil, forming round. Press to compact. Repeat with remaining scallops, forming 3 more rounds. Brush with melted butter. Season with paprika, salt and pepper. Preheat broiler. Toss spinach with reserved 1/2 cup dressing. Mound spinach on plates. Garnish with orange  <END>
INPUT: American, water, butter, salt, quick grits
OUTPUT: TITLE: Baked Cheese Grits | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 4 cups water; 3 tablespoons butter; 3/4 teaspoon salt; 1 cup quick-cooking grits; 1 cup (packed) coarsely grated extra-sharp cheddar cheese; 1/2 cup (packed) coarsely grated Monterey Jack cheese; 1/2 cup whole milk; 2 large eggs | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350°F. Butter 8x8x2-inch glass baking dish. Bring 4 cups water, butter, and salt to boil in heavy medium saucepan. Gradually whisk in grits. Reduce heat to medium; cook until mixture thickens slightly, stirring often, about 8 minutes. Remove from heat. Add both cheeses; stir until melted. Season with pepper and more salt, if desired. Whisk milk and eggs in small bowl. Gradually whisk mixture into grits. Pour cheese grits into prepared dish. Bake until grits feel firm to touch in center (grits will still be soft), about 1 hour. Let stand 10 minutes and serve. Preheat oven to 350 <END>
INPUT: Mexican, pizzas, virgin olive oil, chorizo, flour tortillas, refried beans, Oaxaca mozzarella cheese
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mexican Tortilla Pizzas with Chorizo | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 8 ounces fresh chorizo, casings removed, crumbled; 4 8-inch flour tortillas; 1 16-ounce can refried beans; 1 cup shredded Oaxaca or mozzarella cheese (about 4 ounces); 3 ounces mâche lettuce or arugula; 1/2 cup fresh cilantro; 3 radishes, thinly sliced; 1 red jalapeno pepper, sliced (remove seeds for less heat) Juice of 1 lime Kosher salt; 1 avocado, diced; 1/3 cup Mexican crema or sour cream | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Heat 1 tablespoon olive oil in a large nonstick skillet over medium heat. Add the chorizo and cook, stirring occasionally, until browned, about 4 minutes. Remove the chorizo to a plate with a slotted spoon. Transfer all but 1 tablespoon of the drippings to a small bowl; stir the remaining 1 tablespoon olive oil into the bowl (reserve the skillet). Divide the tortillas between 2 baking sheets and brush the tops with the drippings mixture. Bake until the tortillas are crisp and lightly golden, about 5 minutes. Heat the skillet with the reserved 1 tablespoon dri <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, salad, diameter beets, Vegetable oil, semi pearled farro, virgin olive oil, wine vinegar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Farro, Radicchio, and Roasted Beet Salad | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 8 1- to 1 1/2-inch-diameter beets, tops trimmed to 1 inch; Vegetable oil; 1 1/2 cups semi-pearled farro or wheat berries; 4 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, divided; 4 tablespoons red wine vinegar, divided; 1 garlic clove, pressed; 2 cups (packed) thinly sliced quartered radicchio (from about 1 medium head); 1/2 cup finely chopped red onion; 1/3 cup chopped fresh Italian parsley; 1 cup crumbled feta cheese (about 4 ounces) | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350°F. Arrange beets in single layer in 8 x 8 x 2-inch baking dish. Drizzle with vegetable oil. Cover with foil and roast until beets are tender, about 45 minutes. Cool. Trim beets; peel. DO AHEAD: Can be made 1 day ahead. Cover; chill. Cook farro in large saucepan of boiling salted water until tender, stirring occasionally, about 20 minutes. Drain. Transfer to large bowl. Stir 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 tablespoon vinegar, and garlic into hot farro. Cool to room temperature. Cut each beet into 6 to 8 wedges. Add beets, radicchio, onion, and parsley to farro; toss to incorporat <END>
INPUT: American, barbeque, spiced, Four steaks, chili oil, BBQ Spice, Garlic Fried Yukon, Arugula Chanterelle Succotash
OUTPUT: TITLE: Barbeque Spiced Grilled T-Bone Steak | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: Four 14- to 16-ounce T-Bone steaks; 2 ounces chili oil; 6 ounces BBQ Spice, recipe follows; 1 pound Garlic Fried Yukon Gold Potatoes, recipe follows; 16 ounces Arugula Chanterelle Succotash, recipe follows; 6 ounces BBQ Zinfandel Reduction, recipe follows; 1 ounce dry mustard; 1 ounce chili powder; 1/2 ounce cayenne; 2 ounces brown sugar; 1 ounce orange zest; 1 ounce paprika; 1 ounce garlic powder; 1 ounce onion powder; 1/2 ounce salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat Grill: Rub steak with chile oil and BBQ Spice on both sides. Grill steak to desired temperature. Place 4 ounces of garlic potatoes on 4 plates. Plate T-bone over potatoes and top with arugula succotash. Spoon sauce around steak and serve. Combine all ingredients in a bowl. Store in an airtight container. In a small bowl mix together the garlic and butter, let stand at room temperature. Heat a large, heavy bottomed pot filled half way with oil to 325 degrees F. Drop potatoes in oil and fry until golden brown. Drain on paper towels and put potatoes into large mixing bowl with garlic butt <END>
INPUT: green, peppercorn, butter, onion, garlic, carrots, celery
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sage-Green Peppercorn Gravy | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons butter; 1 onion, halved; 2 garlic cloves; 3 carrots, cut in chunks; 3 celery stalks, cut in chunks; 4 sprigs flat-leaf parsley, plus 4 sprigs; 4 sprigs fresh thyme, plus 4 sprigs; 4 sage leaves, plus 4 leaves; 2 bay leaves, plus 2 leaves; 1/4 cup cognac, plus 2 tablespoons; 2 tablespoons flour; 1 quart chicken broth, low sodium; 1 pound smoked and cooked turkey wings; 2 cups water; 2 tablespoons olive oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Melt butter in a large stockpot over medium heat. Saute the onion, garlic, carrots, and celery with 4 sprigs each parsley and thyme, 4 sage leaves, and 2 bay leaves until fragrant. Deglaze the pan with 1/4 cup cognac, cook for 2 minutes to evaporate the alcohol. Sprinkle in flour to tighten up the mixture and stir to dissolve. Pour in the chicken broth a little at a time to avoid lumping. Add the smoked turkey wings and water, simmer for 15 minutes while preparing the giblets. Coat a saute pan with olive oil and place over medium-high heat. Add the turkey giblets and neck, along with the remai <END>
INPUT: Italian, olive oil, onion, garlic, kosher salt pepper, pork neck bones
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mom's Lasagna | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup olive oil; 1 onion, diced; 4 garlic cloves, minced; Pinch kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 pound pork neck bones; 1 pound ground veal; 1 pound ground beef; 1 pound spicy Italian sausage, loose or removed from casings; 1/2 cup dry white wine; 1 (28-ounce) can San Marzano tomatoes, with their juice; 2 bay leaves; 1 pound dried lasagna noodles; 2 pounds whole milk ricotta cheese; 1/4 cup chopped fresh flat-leaf parsley; 1/4 cup chopped fresh basil leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large Dutch oven or heavy pot, heat the olive oil over medium heat. Add the onion, garlic, and a three-finger pinch of salt and sweat them until they're translucent, about 2 minutes. Add the neck bones and let them brown, about 5 minutes. Add the ground veal, beef and sausage, and season with another healthy pinch of salt. Cook until the meat is browned, about 10 minutes. Stir in the white wine, tomatoes and their juice, and the bay leaves. Scrape the bottom of the pot with a wooden spoon, making sure to get all of the browned bits into the sauce. Season the sauce with salt, to taste, and <END>
INPUT: cocktail, apricot brandy, gin, orange juice, lemon juice, ice cubes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Apricot Cocktail II | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 ounces apricot brandy; 1/2 ounce gin; 2 tablespoons orange juice; 1 tablespoon lemon juice; 3 or 4 ice cubes | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine all ingredients in a cocktail shaker and shake vigorously. Strain into a cocktail glass. Combine all ingredients in a cocktail shaker and shake vigorously. Strain into a cocktail glass. <END>
INPUT: vinaigrette, garlic, Zest lemon, kosher salt, lemon juice, sherry vinegar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lemon-Garlic Vinaigrette | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 to 2 garlic cloves, smashed and peeled; Zest of 1 large lemon (about 2 teaspoons); 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt; 1/4 cup fresh lemon juice; 1 teaspoon sherry vinegar; 1/4 cup water; 1 teaspoon sugar; 1/2 cup canola oil or other neutral salad oil, such as walnut; Salt and freshly ground pepper to taste | INSTRUCTIONS: Using a mortar and pestle, grind or crush garlic, lemon zest, and salt into a fine paste. Combine lemon juice, vinegar, water and sugar. Add to the garlic paste and then whisk in oil slowly; adjust seasoning to taste. Using a mortar and pestle, grind or crush garlic, lemon zest, and salt into a fine paste. Combine lemon juice, vinegar, water and sugar. Add to the garlic paste and then whisk in oil slowly; adjust seasoning to taste. <END>
INPUT: veal, oscar, artichokes, milk, heavy cream, mascarpone, goat cheese
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Veal Oscar with Sweet Maine Lobster, Asparagus, and Sauce Choron | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 large artichokes, leaves and choke removed; 2 cups milk; 2 cups heavy cream; 1/2 cup mascarpone; 1/4 cup goat cheese; Salt; Black pepper; 2 tablespoons sweet butter; 2 medium shallots, minced; 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground pepper; 1/2 cup dry white wine; 1/2 cup white wine vinegar; 3 egg yolks; 4 tablespoon water; 1/2 teaspoon salt | INSTRUCTIONS: For the Artichoke Puree: Cut the artichoke into medium size pieces and place in a pot. Cover the artichokes with milk and cream. Bring to a boil and reduce to a low simmer. Cook the artichokes until very tender. Strain the artichokes (reserving the liquid). Transfer to a food processor. Add a little of the reserved cream if needed. Add the mascarpone and goat cheese and blend for 10 more seconds or until well mixed together. Season with salt and pepper if needed. Stir in the butter. Transfer to a container and keep warm. For the Choron sauce: In a small saucepan, combine the shallots, pepper,  <END>
INPUT: confit, garlic, kosher salt, thyme, Quatre épices, shallots
OUTPUT: TITLE: Confit Duck Legs | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 large head garlic, left unpeeled, plus 4 large cloves, divided; 1/4 cup kosher salt; 1 tablespoon finely chopped thyme; 1 teaspoon Quatre épices (French four-spice blend); 2 large shallots, finely chopped (1/4 cup); 2 Turkish bay leaves or 1 California, crumbled; 6 fresh Moulard, Muscovy, or Long Island (Pekin) duck legs (5 pounds total); 2 whole cloves; 5 (7-ounce) containers rendered duck fat; Equipment: a deep-fat thermometer | INSTRUCTIONS: Mince and mash 4 garlic cloves to a paste with a pinch of kosher salt. Stir together paste, kosher salt (1/4 cup), thyme, quatre épices, shallots, and bay leaves in a large bowl. Add duck legs and toss to coat, then marinate, covered and chilled, at least 1 day and up to 2 days. Wipe off marinade with paper towels. Trim off 1/4 inch from top of garlic head, then stick 2 whole cloves into head. Melt duck fat in a wide large heavy pot over low heat, then cook garlic head and duck legs, uncovered, over low heat until fat registers approximately 190°F, about 1 hour. Continue to cook duck, maintain <END>
INPUT: American, salad, wine vinegar, honey, mustard, olive oil, Kosher salt pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Quinoa Salad with Asparagus, Goat Cheese and Black Olives | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup red wine vinegar; 1 tablespoon honey; 1 tablespoon mustard; 1/2 cup olive oil; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 4 cups salted water or vegetable stock; 2 teaspoons chopped fresh thyme; 2 cups quinoa; 16 spears asparagus, trimmed; Olive oil, for brushing; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 cup pitted nicoise olives; 4 ounces aged goat cheese, shaved; 1/4 cup chopped fresh basil; 1/4 cup fresh parsley leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. For the vinaigrette: Combine the vinegar, honey and mustard in a blender and blend until smooth. With the motor running, slowly add the olive oil and blend until emulsified. Add salt and pepper to taste and pulse a few times to incorporate. For the quinoa salad: Bring the salted water or vegetable stock to a boil and add the thyme. Stir in the quinoa, bring to a boil, reduce the heat to low, cover and simmer until cooked through, about 30 minutes. Remove from the heat and let sit 5 minutes. Fluff with a fork. Preheat the grill. Brush the asparagus with olive oil  <END>
INPUT: canola oil, onion, serrano chile, apple cider vinegar, granulated sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Apple-Sage Glazed Grilled Whole Turkey with Grilled Apples | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon canola oil, plus more for brushing on the turkey; 1 small red onion, coarsely chopped; 1 serrano chile, coarsely chopped; 3/4 cups apple cider vinegar; 1 1/2 cups granulated sugar; 2 Granny Smith apples, peeled, cored, and coarsely chopped, plus 2 peeled, cored, and sliced into 1/2-inch thick slices; 3 tablespoons chopped fresh sage leaves; Salt and freshly ground pepper; 1 whole (20 pound) turkey | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the grill to medium-high. Heat oil in a medium saucepan on the grates of the grill or on a burner. Add the onion and cook until soft, about 3 minutes. Add the serrano chile and cook for 1 minute. Add the vinegar and sugar and cook until the sugar has melted. Stir in the chopped apples and cook until the apples are soft and the mixture is slightly thickened, about 10 minutes. Remove from the heat and let cool slightly. Place the apple mixture in a food processor and add the sage. Pulse until smooth. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Let cool to room t <END>
INPUT: French, crostini, diagonal baguette, olive oil, cream cheese, mayonnaise, Dijon mustard
OUTPUT: TITLE: Creamy Shrimp Crostini | CUISINE: French | INGREDIENTS: 40 1/2-inch-thick diagonal baguette slices; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1 8-ounce package cream cheese, room temperature; 1/2 cup mayonnaise; 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard; 1 pound cooked shrimp, peeled, deveined, coarsely chopped; 1/2 cup minced green onions; 1 1/2 tablespoons chopped fresh dill; 1 teaspoon grated lemon peel; Chopped fresh parsley | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat broiler. Lightly brush 1 side of each baguette slice with oil. Arrange on 2 baking sheets. Broil until lightly toasted, about 1 minute. Using electric mixer, beat cream cheese, mayonnaise and mustard in large bowl to blend. Mix in shrimp, green onions, dill and lemon peel. Season with salt and pepper. (Can be made 1 day ahead. Store toasts in airtight container at room temperature. Cover shrimp mixture and chill.) Spread 1 tablespoon shrimp mixture atop each toast. Arrange crostini on baking sheets; broil until shrimp mixture begins to brown, about 2 minutes. Top with parsley. Preheat  <END>
INPUT: vegetable oil, onion, sage leaves, mayonnaise, sour cream
OUTPUT: TITLE: Caramelized Onion Dip | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon vegetable oil; 2 cups thinly sliced onion; 2 teaspoons chopped fresh sage leaves; 3/4 cup mayonnaise; 3/4 cup sour cream; 1 teaspoon salt; 1 teaspoon ground black pepper; Potato chips, for serving | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat oil in heavy medium saucepan over medium-low heat. Add onions and sage. Cover and cook until onions are deep golden brown, stirring occasionally, about 20 minutes. Remove from heat and let cool. Whisk together mayonnaise and sour cream in a medium bowl to blend. Stir in the cooled caramelized onions, salt, and pepper. Cover dip and refrigerate until flavors blend, about 2 hours. <END>
INPUT: glaze, pecan halves, sugar, mild honey, heavy cream, milk
OUTPUT: TITLE: Honey-Pecan Tart with Chocolate Glaze | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 1/2 cups pecan halves (15 ounces); 1 cup sugar; 1/3 cup mild honey; 1 1/2 cups heavy cream; 1/2 cup whole milk; 3/4 teaspoon salt; Pastry dough; 7 ounces fine-quality bittersweet chocolate (not unsweetened; preferably Lindt), finely chopped; 3/4 cup heavy cream; Special equipment: an 11-inch fluted round tart pan (1 1/4 inches deep) with removable rim; an adjustable-blade slicer (optional) | INSTRUCTIONS: Make filling: Boil 4 cups pecans (reserve remaining 1/2 cup for garnish) with sugar, honey, cream, milk, and salt in a 4-quart heavy saucepan over moderately high heat, stirring occasionally, until liquid is golden, about 20 minutes (mixture will appear curdled at first, but then become thick and smooth). Remove from heat and transfer mixture to a shallow bowl, then cool completely, about 40 minutes. Boil 4 cups pecans (reserve remaining 1/2 cup for garnish) with sugar, honey, cream, milk, and salt in a 4-quart heavy saucepan over moderately high heat, stirring occasionally, until liquid is go <END>
INPUT: edouard, cookies, fine sea salt, baking soda, baking powder
OUTPUT: TITLE: Edouard's Chocolate Chip Cookies | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 1/2 cups (476 grams) all-purpose flour; 1 1/4 teaspoons fine sea salt; 3/4 teaspoon baking soda; 1/2 teaspoon baking powder; 2 sticks (8 ounces; 226 grams) unsalted butter, at room temperature; 1 cup (200 grams) sugar; 1 cup (200 grams) packed light brown sugar; 1 1/2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract; 2 large eggs, at room temperature; 12 ounces (340 grams) semisweet or bittersweet chocolate, coarsely chopped (or 2 cups chocolate chips); 1 1/2 cups (150 grams) hazelnut or almond flour | INSTRUCTIONS: Whisk the flour, salt, baking soda and baking powder together in a medium bowl. Working in the bowl of a mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, or in a large bowl with a hand mixer, beat the butter on medium speed for about 1 minute, until smooth. Add both sugars and beat for another 2 minutes or so, until well blended. Beat in the vanilla. Add the eggs one at a time, beating for 1 minute after each egg goes in. Reduce the mixer speed to low and add the dry ingredients in 4 or 5 additions, mixing only until each addition is just incorporated. (Because you're going to add more ingredients aft <END>
INPUT: caribbean, jerk seasoning, olive oil, garlic, sugar, orange juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Caribbean Jerk Grouper | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons jerk seasoning; 1 cup olive oil; 1 tablespoon chopped garlic; 1 cup brown sugar; 1/2 cup orange juice; 2 cups soy sauce; 4 (8-ounce) grouper fillets | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large bowl, mix the jerk seasoning, olive oil, garlic, brown sugar, orange juice, and soy sauce. Clean the grouper fillets and remove the bones. Place the fillets in the marinade, then cover the bowl and refrigerate for 2 to 4 hours. Preheat a heavy skillet over medium-high heat. Remove the grouper fillets from the marinade and cook for 4 to 5 minutes, until fish is opaque throughout, turning the grouper every minute. Serve immediately. <END>
INPUT: southern, quick grits, cheddar cheese, Kosher salt pepper, eggs, vegetable oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Southern Grits and Eggs | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 cup quick-cooking grits; 1/2 cup shredded cheddar cheese (about 2 ounces); Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 8 large eggs; 2 tablespoons vegetable oil; 8 ounces frozen cut okra, thawed; 1 bunch scallions, chopped (white and green parts separated); 1 green bell pepper, thinly sliced; Large pinch of cayenne pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring 3 cups water to a boil in a medium saucepan. Add the grits, reduce the heat to medium and cook, stirring occasionally, until thickened, about 5 minutes. Remove from the heat. Stir in the cheese and season with salt and black pepper; cover to keep warm. Crack the eggs into a large bowl. Heat the vegetable oil in a large nonstick skillet over medium-high heat. Add the okra, scallion whites, bell pepper, cayenne, 1/4 teaspoon salt, and black pepper to taste; cook, stirring, until the vegetables start to soften, 2 to 4 minutes. Carefully slide the eggs on top of the okra mixture, keeping the <END>
INPUT: Mexican, empanadas, mixed wild mushrooms, olive oil, jalapeno, garlic, shallot
OUTPUT: TITLE: Wild Mushroom Empanadas | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound mixed wild mushrooms, such as hen of the woods, chanterelles, trumpet and shiitake (about 8 cups); 2 tablespoons olive oil; 2 teaspoons minced jalapeno; 1 garlic clove, minced; 1 medium shallot, finely chopped; Kosher salt; 3 tablespoons chopped cilantro; 2 teaspoons lime juice; Freshly ground black pepper; 14 packaged empanada dough rounds, thawed; Vegetable oil, for frying | INSTRUCTIONS: Trim the mushrooms and cut or tear into 1/2-inch pieces. Heat the olive oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat and cook the jalapenos, garlic and shallots until soft, about 2 minutes. Add the mushrooms and 1/2 teaspoon salt and cook, stirring occasionally, until the mushrooms release most of their liquid and are tender and browned in places, about 8 minutes. Remove from the heat, stir in the cilantro and lime juice and season with salt and pepper. Lay out the empanada rounds and fill each with 2 tablespoons of the mushrooms. Brush the edge of the rounds with water, and then fold the circ <END>
INPUT: cipolline onions, balsamic vinegar, virgin olive oil, salt, pepper
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tuna with Roasted Cipolline Onions | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 pounds cipolline onions; 2/3 cup balsamic vinegar; 1 tablespoon plus 1/3 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 1 teaspoon salt, plus more for seasoning; 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, plus more for seasoning; 3 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 2 teaspoons chopped fresh thyme leaves; 6 (6-ounce) tuna steaks (about 1-inch thick) | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring a large pot of water to boil. Add the onions and cook for 2 minutes. Drain and cool. Peel the onions and cut off the root ends. Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F. Toss the onions, vinegar, 1 tablespoon oil, 1/2 teaspoon of salt and 1/4 teaspoon of pepper in a 13 by 9-inch baking dish. Roast in the oven until the onions are tender and golden, stirring occasionally, about 1 hour. Meanwhile, whisk the 1/3 cup oil, lemon juice, thyme, and remaining 1/2 teaspoon of salt and 1/4 teaspoon of pepper in another 13 by 9 by 2-inch baking dish. Place the tuna steaks in the marinade and turn to coat. <END>
INPUT: hungarian, crepes, eggs, salt, granulated sugar, all purpose flour
OUTPUT: TITLE: Hungarian Crepes with Peanut Butter and Jam: Palacsinta | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 eggs; 1/2 cup whole, 2 percent fat, or 1 percent fat milk; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1 teaspoon granulated sugar; 1/2 cup all-purpose flour; Unsalted butter; Peanut butter (smooth or chunky); Jam (such as strawberry, raspberry, apricot, peach, plum, blackberry, etc.); Confectioners' sugar | INSTRUCTIONS: In a medium bowl, whisk together the eggs and milk. Whisk in the salt, granulated sugar and flour. Set aside for 30 minutes. Preheat the oven to 200 degrees and put a platter in the oven to heat. In a nonstick 8 to 10-inch skillet, melt about 1/2 teaspoon butter over medium heat. When it foams, pour or ladle in about 1/8 cup (2 tablespoons) batter. Lift and swirl the pan so the batter coats the bottom. Replace the pan on the burner and cook just until set and the underside is lightly browned. Using a spatula or your fingers, flip and cook until the other side is lightly browned. Transfer to th <END>
INPUT: cakes, olive oil, onion, seafood seasoning, garlic, jumbo lump crab
OUTPUT: TITLE: Crab Cakes with Remoulade Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon olive oil, plus more for frying; 1/2 medium yellow onion, minced; 2 teaspoons seafood seasoning, such as Old Bay; 1 garlic clove, minced; 1 pound jumbo lump crab meat; 3 tablespoons mayonnaise; 2 tablespoons minced fresh parsley; 2 teaspoons Dijon mustard; 1 teaspoon kosher salt; 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 2 slices bread, crusts removed, toasted and chopped into tiny pieces; 1 large egg, lightly beaten; Zest of 1 lemon; Mixed salad greens, for serving; Remoulade Sauce, recipe follows | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Heat the olive oil in a medium skillet over medium heat. Saute the onions until translucent and tender, 3 to 4 minutes. Add the seafood seasoning and garlic and saute 1 minute longer. Let cool completely. In a large bowl, combine the crab meat, mayonnaise, parsley, mustard, salt, pepper, bread, egg, lemon zest and sauteed onions. Scoop the crab mixture using a 1/3-cup measure and form cakes (they may be slightly loose; see Cook's Note). Transfer to a baking sheet and refrigerate for 30 minutes. In a large skillet, heat 1 tablespoon olive oil over medium-high heat <END>
INPUT: crumble, cranberries, cranberry juice cocktail, quick tapioca, cinnamon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mixed Berry Crumble | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 (12-ounce) bags frozen mixed berries, thawed; 1/2 cup dried cranberries; 1/3 cup cranberry juice cocktail; 1/4 cup quick cooking tapioca (recommended: Minute); 1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1 cup sugar; 1/2 cup baking mix; 3/4 cup whole-grain cereal; 1 cup almond biscotti (about 4 to 5 cookies), crushed; 2 tablespoons butter, melted; Serving suggestions: vanilla ice cream or whipped topping | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Combine mixed berries, dried cranberries, cranberry juice, tapioca, cinnamon, and sugar in bottom of a 4 or 5-quart slow cooker. Stir thoroughly. Cover and cook on high setting for 2 to 4 hours. For crumble topping: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F, 30 minutes before serving, Line a baking sheet with aluminum foil and set aside. In a medium bowl, combine crumble topping ingredients. Spread out on prepared baking sheet and bake for 12 to 18 minutes or until crisp and golden brown. Sprinkle crumble topping over warm berry mixture. Serve with vanilla ice cream or with  <END>
INPUT: punch, pink lemonade concentrate, Champagne, strawberries, peaches, mangoes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pink Lemonade Champagne Punch | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cans frozen pink lemonade concentrate; 1 bottle Champagne; Sliced strawberries; Sliced peaches; Sliced mangoes | INSTRUCTIONS: In a large punch bowl, combine pink lemonade concentrate and Champagne. Stir to combine and dissolve frozen lemonade. Add sliced strawberries, peaches and mangoes to punch bowl. Ladle into glasses and serve. <END>
INPUT: tart, puff pastry, fruit, Creme Brulee, sugar, egg yolks
OUTPUT: TITLE: Creme Brulee Tart | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 pound puff pastry; 1/2 to 3/4 cup fruit, such as sliced strawberries, apricots, ripe pears, raspberries, or blueberries (a mixture is nice); Creme Brulee, recipe follows; 1/4 cup sugar; 6 egg yolks; 1/2 cup sugar; 3 cups heavy cream; 1 vanilla bean, split; 7 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened | INSTRUCTIONS: Roll the puff pastry 1/4-inch thick and pierce it all over with the tines of a fork. Line a flan ring with the pastry and chill the ring for 20 minutes. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line the flan ring with parchment paper or coffee filters and fill the shell with pie weights. Bake the pastry shell for about 25 minutes, or until the pastry is golden brown. Remove the shell from the oven and let cool to room temperature. Remove the pie weights. Distribute the fruit evenly over the bottom of the shell, then pour in the Creme Brulee. Smooth the top with a long-bladed spatula. Just before ser <END>
INPUT: cake, sugar, walnut halves, all purpose flour, almond flour almond
OUTPUT: TITLE: Walnut Cake | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup (2 sticks) unsalted butter, room temperature, plus more for pan; 6 tablespoons raw sugar, divided; 7 cups walnut halves; 3/4 cup all-purpose flour; 1 1/2 cups almond flour or almond meal; 3/4 cup granulated sugar; 6 large eggs; 3/4 cup heavy cream; 1/2 cup plain whole-milk yogurt; 1 teaspoon kosher salt; 1 vanilla bean, split lengthwise; Whipped cream; Ingredient info: Almond flour is available at some supermarkets and at natural foods stores and specialty markets | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350°F. Butter a 13x9x2" metal or glass baking dish; sprinkle bottom evenly with 3 tablespoons raw sugar. Set aside. Pulse walnuts in a food processor until coarsely chopped. Set 2 cups aside. Add all-purpose flour to processor and pulse until walnuts are very finely ground, 1-2 minutes. Add almond flour; pulse to blend. Set aside. Using an electric mixer, beat 1 cup butter and granulated sugar in a large bowl until light and fluffy, 2-3 minutes. Add eggs, cream, yogurt, and salt. Scrape in seeds from vanilla bean (reserve bean for another use). Beat until well combined, 1-2 min <END>
INPUT: Asian, halibut, sothy, vegetable oil, shallots, onion, ghee clarified butter, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Steamed Halibut with Sothy | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons vegetable oil; 2 shallots, sliced; 1/2 cup sliced onion; 2 tablespoons ghee or clarified butter; 1 clove garlic, sliced; 1 tablespoon minced ginger; 1 green chile, minced; 1 1/2 tablespoons hot curry powder; 3 fresh curry leaves* (See Cook's Note); 1/2 teaspoon mustard seeds; 1/2 teaspoon fennel seeds; 1/2 teaspoon ground turmeric; Pinch saffron; 2 cups fish stock, recipe follows; 13 1/2 ounces canned coconut milk* | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: a metal or bamboo steamer basket For the sothy: In a large saucepan heat the vegetable oil over medium high heat. Add the shallots and onion and saute until lightly browned, about 5 minutes. Reduce the heat to medium add the ghee, garlic, ginger, and chile cook for 2 to 3 minutes until fragrant. Add the curry powder, curry leaves, mustard seeds, fennel seeds, turmeric, and saffron and stir for 2 minutes. Pour in the fish stock, coconut milk, tomatoes, and kosher salt. Cook sauce, uncovered, for 15 minutes. Reduce the heat to low and add the lime juice and cream. Keep warm un <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, whole, curried, Canola oil, trout, rice flour, cumin, Salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Crispy Whole Trout with Curried Zucchini Couscous | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: Canola oil, for frying; 4 trout, cleaned, head and tail on; 2 cups rice flour; 1/2 tablespoon ground cumin; Salt, to taste; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1 fine diced yellow onion; 1/2 tablespoon minced garlic; 1/2 tablespoon minced ginger; 1 tablespoon madras curry powder; 2 cups diced zucchini; Salt and black pepper, to taste; 3 cups cooked couscous, already fluffed; 1/4 cup sliced green scallions, for garnish; 1/4 cup madras curry powder | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat a large casserole filled halfway with oil. The trout must be able to fit in. On a large plate, mix flour with cumin. Dredge trout in flour, inside and out and deep-fry until golden brown, about 4 to 5 minutes. Season with salt. For the zucchini cous-cous: In a saucepan on medium heat, coat with olive oil, sweat the onions, garlic, ginger and curry powder. Season. Add zucchini and saute for 3 to 5 minutes until soft. Check for seasoning. Keep on very low heat. For the curry oil: In a small bowl, combine curry powder with salt and about 1/8 cup water to make a loose paste. Whisk in oil and  <END>
INPUT: virgin olive oil, garlic, onion, cherry tomatoes, sherry vinegar sherry
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sherry Cherry Tomatoes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, 2 turns of the pan; 3 large cloves garlic, finely chopped; 1 small onion, finely chopped; 1 pint cherry tomatoes; 2 tablespoons sherry vinegar or dry sherry wine; 1 teaspoon sugar; 1/2 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes; Salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F. Preheat a skillet over medium high heat. Add extra-virgin olive oil, garlic and onions. Sweat them out 2 to 3 minutes then add cherry tomatoes. Turn tomatoes to coat in fat. Add sherry vinegar or sherry, sugar, pepper flakes and salt. Toss to coat tomatoes and roast for 18 to 20 minutes. <END>
INPUT: Italian, bacon, clarified butter, Pancetta, garlic, wine, heavy cream
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pancetta Bacon Pasta | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon clarified butter; 1 pound 4 ounces Pancetta, diced, recipe follows; 1 teaspoon finely diced garlic; 1/4 cup white wine; 5 ounces heavy cream; Cooked pasta, for serving; 1/4 cup finely grated Parmesan, plus more for serving; 1/4 teaspoon ground white pepper; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 5 pounds fresh pork belly; 2 teaspoons pink salt; 2 ounces kosher salt; 2 1/2 tablespoons brown sugar; 4 tablespoons ground black pepper; 1 tablespoon ground white pepper, plus more for dusting | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Heat the butter in a large saute pan. Add the Pancetta and saute until slightly brown. Add the garlic, saute briefly, and then deglaze with the wine. Reduce the wine by half, and then add the heavy cream. Reduce this by one third, and then toss in your cooked pasta. Heat the pasta through and add the Parmesan, white pepper, and salt and toss. Pour into bowls and add more Parmesan cheese (as much as you like). Ask your butcher for a 5 pound, nice square piece of pork belly (skinless) that will fit into a 2-gallon zip-top bag. Pat the belly with paper towels to dry <END>
INPUT: mash, parsnip, Yukon Gold potato, salt, unsalted butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Potato Parsnip Mash | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 medium parsnip (1/4 lb), peeled and cut crosswise into 1-inch pieces; 1 large Yukon Gold potato (1/2 lb), peeled and cut into 2-inch pieces; 1 1/2 teaspoons salt; 2 teaspoons unsalted butter | INSTRUCTIONS: Cover parsnip and potato with cold water by 1 inch in a 3-quart saucepan, then add salt and bring to a boil, partially covered. Reduce heat and simmer vegetables, partially covered, until very tender, 10 to 15 minutes. Reserve 1/4 cup cooking water, then drain vegetables in a colander. Return vegetables to pan and coarsely mash with a potato masher or a fork, discarding any tough core from parsnip if necessary. Stir in butter, 2 tablespoons reserved cooking water, and salt and pepper to taste. Thin with additional cooking water if desired. Cover parsnip and potato with cold water by 1 inch in  <END>
INPUT: Salt pepper, vegetable oil, mushrooms, shallots
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sauteed Chicken with Caraway and Cream | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 skinless, boneless whole chicken breasts; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1/2 cup vegetable oil; 10 white mushrooms, sliced; 6 shallots, minced; 2 tablespoons caraway seeds, chopped; 2 cups Madeira; 1-ounce morel or other dried mushrooms, soaked in 3/4 cup hot water for 30 minutes, and chopped roughly; 4 cups chicken stock; 2 cups heavy cream; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/4 teaspoon black pepper; 3 dashes hot sauce | INSTRUCTIONS: Cut chicken into 1/2-inch wide strips and season with salt and pepper. Combine in a medium mixing bowl with 2 tablespoons vegetable oil. Toss to coat. Heat remaining oil in a large skillet over high heat. Fry chicken strips until golden all over but pink inside, about 1 minute per side. Remove from pan and reserve. In same pan, add white mushrooms and shallots and cook over moderate heat until soft, about 2 minutes. Add caraway seeds and carefully cook just until aroma is released, about 1 minute. (It's easy to burn the seeds.) Remove from heat. Add Madeira and cook over high heat until reduce <END>
INPUT: deep, ice cream, loaf bread, canola oil, sugar, cinnamon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Deep Fried Ice Cream | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pint ice cream, any flavor; 1 loaf sliced white bread; 6 to 8 cups canola oil, for frying; 1/2 cup sugar; 2 teaspoons cinnamon | INSTRUCTIONS: Place a plate or sheet pan in the freezer and let it chill for at least 1 hour or overnight. Using a large ice cream scoop, make balls of ice cream and place them on the sheet pan then return them to the freezer. Cut the crusts off the sliced bread and using about 2 slices per ice cream ball, form the bread around the ice cream using your hands to pack it like a snow ball. Once it's completely covered return it to the freezer. In a medium saucepan, heat 3 inches of canola oil to 365 degrees F. Drop the covered ice cream balls, one at a time, into the hot oil and fry, turning occasionally so th <END>
INPUT: romanoff, raspberries syrup, baskets strawberries, sugar, Grand Marnier, lemon juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Strawberries Romanoff for the '90s | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 10-ounce package frozen raspberries in syrup, thawed; 2 12-ounce baskets strawberries, hulled, quartered; 5 tablespoons sugar; 3 tablespoons Grand Marnier; 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice; 1 1/2 teaspoons vanilla extract; 1 quart vanilla ice cream, softened; 1 cup chilled whipping cream | INSTRUCTIONS: Puree raspberries in syrup and 1 cup strawberries in processor. Strain into medium bowl, pressing on solids to extract as much juice as possible. Mix 3 tablespoons sugar, Grand Marnier, lemon juice and 1 teaspoon vanilla into syrup. Stir 1/2 cup syrup mixture into ice cream; freeze 1 hour to 4 hours. Mix remaining strawberries into remaining syrup; chill 1 hour to 4 hours. Let ice cream soften slightly before serving. Beat whipping cream, remaining 2 tablespoons sugar and 1/2 teaspoon vanilla in medium bowl until soft peaks form. Divide strawberry mixture among 6 glasses. Top each with scoop o <END>
INPUT: Asian, beets tops beets, Swiss chard, olive oil, Kosher salt, marjoram oregano
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Beets with Sesame and Marjoram | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 4 bunches of beets with tops or 2 pounds medium beets; 1/2 bunch Swiss chard, ribs and stems removed, leaves torn into large pieces; 5 tablespoons olive oil, divided; Kosher salt, freshly ground pepper; 1/2 bunch marjoram or oregano, plus 2 tablespoons leaves; 1/2 cup crème fraîche; 1/2 cup plain whole-milk Greek yogurt; 1 teaspoon plus 1 tablespoon Sherry vinegar or red wine vinegar; 2 tablespoons toasted sesame seeds | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 400°. Trim tops from beets; set aside half of tops (reserve remainder for another use). Scrub beets, pat dry, and slice 1/4" thick. Toss in a large bowl with 4 tablespoons oil; season with salt and pepper. Scatter marjoram sprigs across a rimmed baking sheet and arrange beets on top in as even a layer as possible (some overlap is okay). Roast, tossing occasionally, until beets are tender, 15–20 minutes. Remove from oven and toss in reserved beet greens; roast just until slightly wilted, about 2 minutes. Let cool. Scatter marjoram sprigs across a rimmed baking sheet and arrange  <END>
INPUT: celery, sweet potatoes, onion, olive oil, ras el hanout
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sweet Potato Pecan Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 stalks celery, cut into 1-inch pieces; 2 large sweet potatoes, peeled and cut into 1-inch pieces; 1 red onion, cut into 1-inch pieces; 1/4 cup olive oil, plus more for finishing salad; 1 teaspoon ras el hanout; 1 teaspoon finely minced fresh rosemary; Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper; 1 cup green grapes, cut in half; 1 cup toasted pecans; 1/2 cup pomegranate seeds; 1/2 cup thinly sliced scallions; 1/4 cup golden raisins; Sherry vinegar, as needed | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Place a baking sheet in the oven to heat. Toss the celery, sweet potatoes and red onions with the olive oil, ras el hanout and rosemary in a mixing bowl. Season with salt and pepper. Transfer the mixture to the heated baking sheet and roast until the potatoes are tender and caramelized, about 30 minutes. Let the sweet potato mixture cool to room temperature before proceeding. (Or, if preparing ahead of time, cool the sweet potato mixture in the fridge, removing it 30 minutes before proceeding to allow it to come to room temperat <END>
INPUT: American, Pastry dough, eggs, sour cream, vanilla, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sour Cream Apple Pie | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: Pastry dough; 2 large eggs; 1 1/2 cups sour cream; 1 1/2 teaspoons vanilla; 1 1/3 cups sugar; 3 tablespoons plus 1/3 cup all-purpose flour; 1/4 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 1 pound Granny Smith apples; 1 teaspoon cinnamon; 1/2 stick (1/4 cup) cold unsalted butter, cut into 1/2-inch cubes | INSTRUCTIONS: Roll out dough on a lightly floured surface with a lightly floured rolling pin into a 13-inch round (1/8 inch thick), then fit into a 9-inch metal pie plate. Trim edge, leaving a 1/2-inch overhang, then fold overhang under and crimp edge decoratively. Chill shell 30 minutes. While shell chills, put oven rack in middle position and preheat oven to 400°F. Whisk together eggs, sour cream, vanilla, 1 cup sugar, 3 tablespoons flour, nutmeg, and salt in a bowl until smooth. Peel and core apples, then cut into wedges slightly less than 1/4 inch thick. Arrange apples in pie shell, then pour sour cream <END>
INPUT: empanada, olive oil, plum tomatoes, bell pepper, onion, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tuna Empanada | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 tablespoon olive oil; 2 medium plum tomatoes, seeded, finely chopped; 1 medium green bell pepper, finely chopped; 1 medium onion, finely chopped; 2 garlic cloves, minced; 1 pound high-quality canned Spanish tuna packed in olive oil, drained, coarsely flaked; 2 large hard-boiled eggs, peeled, sliced; Nonstick vegetable oil spray; 1 17.3-ounce package frozen puff pastry (2 sheets), thawed; 2 ounces thinly sliced Serrano ham or prosciutto; 1 large egg, beaten to blend (for glaze) | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat oil in heavy medium skillet over medium-high heat. Add tomatoes, pepper, onion, and garlic; sprinkle with salt and pepper and sauté until vegetables are soft, stirring often, about 10 minutes. Transfer to bowl. Add tuna and sliced eggs; toss gently to distribute evenly. Season filling with salt and pepper; set aside to cool completely. Spray rimless baking sheet with nonstick spray. Roll out 1 pastry sheet on floured surface to 12x16-inch rectangle. Transfer to baking sheet. Arrange ham over pastry, leaving 1-inch border. Spread filling atop ham, leaving 1-inch border. Brush pastry edges  <END>
INPUT: Italian, packages spinach leaves, basil leaves, milk ricotta cheese, garlic
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spinach, Basil Ricotta Purée | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 2 10-ounce packages fresh spinach leaves; 3/4 cup fresh basil leaves; 3/4 cup whole-milk ricotta cheese; 2 tablespoons (1/4 stick) butter; 1 garlic clove, minced; 1/4 cup whipping cream | INSTRUCTIONS: Bring 2 cups water to boil in large pot. Add spinach leaves and stir until tender and bright green, about 3 minutes. Drain. Squeeze out excess water. Transfer spinach to processor. Add basil and ricotta to spinach. Blend until smooth. (Can be prepared 8 hours ahead. Cover and refrigerate.) Melt butter in heavy medium saucepan over medium heat. Add garlic and sauté until golden, about 3 minutes. Add spinach mixture and cream. Stir until mixture is just heated through. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Transfer to bowl and serve. Bring 2 cups water to boil in large pot. Add spinach leaves an <END>
INPUT: Italian, foraged, vegetables, stinging nettle, onion, butter, garlic, parsley leaves
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Chicken Breast with Foraged Vegetables, Nettle Pesto, and Grilled Lightning Tree Farm Flatbr | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound stinging nettle; 1 medium onion, diced; 2 tablespoons butter; 2 cloves garlic, minced; 2 tablespoons chopped parsley leaves; 1 cup ricotta cheese (recommended: Old Chatham Sheep Herding); 1 teaspoon salt, plus more for seasoning; 1/2 teaspoon ground black pepper, plus more for seasoning; 4 chicken breasts* (See Cook's Note); 12 knot weeds; 12 ramps; 2 ounces olive oil; 1 tablespoon sumac; 1 lemon, zested (use this lemon to squeeze over chicken); 12 morel mushrooms | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. First make the pesto: Toss the nettle into a pot of boiling water and cook for 1 minute. Remove and place in a bowl of ice water for 30 seconds. Remove and squeeze to remove excess liquid. Saute the onions in butter until translucent, then add nettle, and garlic. Cook for 3 minutes, puree this mixture in a food processor (or pass through meat grinder) until smooth then add parsley, ricotta, and season with salt and pepper. Transfer to a container and store in the refrigerator until ready to use. Next, rub the chicken breasts and vegetables with olive oil and seas <END>
INPUT: Italian, neopolitan, olive oil, garlic, oregano, basil, Roma tomatoes
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pasta Neopolitan | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons olive oil, plus 1 tablespoon; 6 to 8 cloves garlic, crushed, divided; 2 teaspoons finely chopped fresh oregano, divided; 2 teaspoons finely chopped fresh basil, divided; 25 to 30 Roma tomatoes, diced; 2 pounds chicken breast, diced into 1/2 -inch pieces, seasoned with salt and pepper; 3 cups chicken broth; 2 (10-ounce) cans sliced black pitted olives, with juice; 2 pounds gemelli pasta | INSTRUCTIONS: Pour 2 tablespoons olive oil in a skillet on medium heat and saute half of the crushed garlic in the oil along with 1 teaspoon basil and 1 teaspoon oregano. Add the tomatoes, a cup at a time, to the skillet. Once all the tomatoes are in the pan, allow them to reduce by a fourth. In a separate pan, cook the chicken with remaining oil, crushed garlic, basil, and oregano. Cook until chicken is brown. Set the pan aside but do not discard any liquid that may be in the pan. Once the tomato broth mixture has reduced, add the chicken, chicken broth and juice from the olives to the pan and allow it to  <END>
INPUT: pancakes, all purpose flour, baking powder, kosher salt, eggs, milk
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chive Pancakes with Gorgonzola and Bacon | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup all-purpose flour; 1/2 teaspoon baking powder; 1 teaspoon kosher salt; 2 large eggs; 6 tablespoons milk; 4 tablespoons finely chopped chives; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, plus more for frying; 2 cups Gorgonzola dolce; 1 cup mascarpone; 10 slices bacon, cooked until crispy; 4 tablespoons chopped chives | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. For the pancakes: In a bowl, combine the flour, baking powder, and salt. Make a well in the center of the flour and add the eggs, milk, chives, and the olive oil. Gradually combine the flour into the wet ingredients and stir until smooth. Coat a large saute pan with olive oil and put over medium-high heat. When the pan is hot, drop the batter by teaspoonfuls into the pan. Cook until bubbles form on the top of the pancake, about 1 minute. Flip and cook on the other side. Remove the pancakes to a large plate and cool. Continue making pancakes until all the batter i <END>
INPUT: ganache, good semisweet chocolate, heavy cream, coffee granules
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate Ganache | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 8 ounces good semisweet chocolate chips; 1/2 cup heavy cream; 1 teaspoon instant coffee granules | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Cook the chocolate chips, heavy cream, and instant coffee in the top of a double boiler over simmering water until smooth and warm, stirring occasionally. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, chicken breast halves, onion, garlic, lime juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Garlic-Lime Chicken with Olives | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: Nonstick cooking spray; 3 pounds boneless skinless chicken breast halves* (See Cook's Note); 1 cup diced onion; 2 to 3 cloves garlic, minced; 2 tablespoons fresh lime juice; 1 tablespoon molasses; 2 teaspoons Worcestershire sauce; 1 1/2 teaspoons ground cumin; 1 teaspoon dried oregano; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/2 teaspoon ground black pepper; 1/2 cup pitted and sliced Greek olives, such as kalamata | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. Coat a large roasting pan with cooking spray. In a large bowl, combine chicken, onion, garlic, lime juice, molasses, Worcestershire sauce, cumin, oregano, salt, and black pepper. Toss to coat. Transfer chicken to prepared pan and pour over any remaining marinade. Arrange olives over and around chicken in pan. Roast 30 to 35 minutes, until chicken is cooked through. Serve 1/3 of the chicken tonight and reserve remaining chicken in the refrigerator for other meals. <END>
INPUT: American, bites, bacon, Asiago cheese, sized olives, sour cream, purchased ranch salad
OUTPUT: TITLE: Savory Crescent Bites | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 5 slices bacon; 2 oz. Asiago cheese, finely shredded (1/2 cup); 8 pitted medium-sized ripe olives, chopped; 1/4 cup sour cream; 1/4 cup purchased ranch salad dressing; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 1 (8-oz.) can Pillsbury® Refrigerated Crescent Dinner Rolls; 1 to 2 teaspoons purchased sun-dried tomato paste or Italian tomato paste | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat oven to 350 degrees F. Cook bacon until crisp. Drain on paper towel; crumble. In small bowl, combine bacon, cheese and olives; toss to mix. In another small bowl, combine sour cream, salad dressing and salt; mix well. Spoon into small serving bowl. Refrigerate until serving time. Separate dough into 8 triangles; press out slightly. Cut each triangle in half lengthwise from tip end to short side to make 16 triangles. Spread thin layer of tomato paste on each triangle. Spoon 1 1/2 teaspoons olive mixture on short side of each triangle; spread slightly. Roll up, starting at short side of tri <END>
INPUT: American, blueberry, crunch, pie dough, huckleberries, granulated sugar, cornstarch, ginger root
OUTPUT: TITLE: Blueberry and Pecan Crunch Pie | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 recipe pie dough (bottom crust only); 2 pints of huckleberries; 1 cup granulated sugar; 3 tablespoons cornstarch; 1/2 teaspoon grated fresh ginger root; 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1/4 teaspoon ground nutmeg; Juice and the grated zest of 1 orange; Juice and grated zest of 1 lemon; 1/2 cup dayold pound cake crumbs; 1/2 cup chopped pecans; 1/2 cup all-purpose flour; 1/2 cup granulated sugar; 3 teaspoons ground cinnamon; 1 stick (8 tablespoons) unsalted butter | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees. Roll the pie dough out to the size and shape of a 10-inch pie tin. Lay the dough into the pan and prick the bottom with the tines of a fork. Place a sheet of waxed paper over the pie dough and weigh it down with pie dough weights or clean dry beans, and blind bake in the preheated oven for 8 minutes. Remove from the oven and cool thoroughly. Combine the berries, sugar, cornstarch, spices, citrus juice and zest in a bowl and mix well. Sprinkle the cake crumbs on the bottom of the prebaked pie crust. Fill the pie shell with the berry mixture and bake at 375 degre <END>
INPUT: American, cheese, Vegetable oil, Kosher salt, elbow macaroni cavatappi, milk
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mac and Cheese | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: Vegetable oil; Kosher salt, for water, plus 1 tablespoon for sauce; 1 pound elbow macaroni or cavatappi; 1 quart milk; 8 tablespoons (1 stick) unsalted butter, divided; 1/2 cup all-purpose flour; 12 ounces Gruyere, grated (4 cups); 8 ounces extra-sharp Cheddar, grated (2 cups); 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 1/2 teaspoon ground nutmeg; 3/4 pound fresh tomatoes (4 small); 1 1/2 cups fresh white bread crumbs (5 slices, crusts removed) | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Drizzle oil into a large pot of boiling salted water. Add the macaroni and cook according to the package directions, 6 to 8 minutes. Drain well. Meanwhile, heat the milk in a small saucepan, but don’t boil it. Melt 6 tablespoons of butter in a large (4-quart) pot and add the flour. Cook over low heat for 2 minutes, stirring with a whisk. While whisking, add the hot milk and cook for 1 to 2 minutes more, until thickened and smooth. Off the heat, add the Gruyere, Cheddar, 1 tablespoon salt, pepper, and nutmeg. Add the cooked macaroni and stir well. Pour into a  <END>
INPUT: sake, plum wine, maraschino cherry juice, Maraschino cherries, Cucumber
OUTPUT: TITLE: Plum Sake | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups sake, cold; 2 cups plum wine; 1/4 cup maraschino cherry juice; Maraschino cherries, for garnish; Cucumber slices, for garnish; Ice | INSTRUCTIONS: Fill pitcher with ice and add sake, plum wine, and cherry juice. Stir and pour into glasses. Garnish with a cucumber slice and maraschino cherry. <END>
INPUT: unsalted butter, smoked paprika, pepper flakes, Kosher salt pepper, corn
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spicy Grilled Corn | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature; 1/2 teaspoon smoked paprika; 1/2 teaspoon red pepper flakes; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 4 ears of corn, shucked (husk and silk removed) | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the grill to medium heat. In a small bowl, mix the butter, paprika, red pepper flakes and salt and pepper to taste. Rub the spiced butter on the corn, coating completely. Wrap each ear of corn in aluminum foil and place on the grill. Cook 20 to 25 minutes, turning several times for even cooking. Carefully remove the foil before serving. <END>
INPUT: confit, organic lemons, Kosher salt, peppercorns, lemon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lemon Confit | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 organic lemons, skin scrubbed well; Kosher salt; 4 peppercorns; 1/2 lemon, juiced | INSTRUCTIONS: Place the lemons, 2 to 3 tablespoons salt, peppercorns, and lemon juice in a quart jar and cover with water. Store chilled for 3 weeks. <END>
INPUT: salad, lemon juice, virgin olive oil, salt, pepper, garbanzo beans
OUTPUT: TITLE: Garbanzo Bean and Zucchini Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice; 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 1 cup garbanzo beans; 2 medium zucchini, diced into 1/4-inch pieces; 1/2 cup frozen corn, thawed; 1/2 small red onion, thinly sliced, rinsed; 5 romaine lettuce leaves, cut crosswise into 1/2-inch strips; 1-ounce Parmesan, crumbled into 1/4-inch pieces | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. For the Vinaigrette: In a small bowl, whisk together the lemon juice, olive oil, salt, and pepper until combined. For the Salad: Place the garbanzo beans, zucchini, corn, red onion, and lettuce in a large salad bowl. Pour the vinaigrette over the salad and toss well. Garnish with the crumbled Parmesan cheese and serve. <END>
INPUT: chips, unpeeled sunchokes, Vegetable oil, salt, rosemary
OUTPUT: TITLE: Fried Sunchoke Chips with Rosemary Salt | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 pounds unpeeled sunchokes (also called Jerusalem artichokes),* scrubbed; Vegetable oil (for frying); 1 tablespoon salt; 1 1/2 teaspoons minced fresh rosemary | INSTRUCTIONS: Fill large bowl with cold water. Slice sunchokes into thin rounds (about 1/16 inch thick), immediately dropping into bowl of water to prevent browning. Rinse and drain 3 times. Pat very dry with paper towels. Pour enough oil into large deep skillet to reach depth of 1/2 inch. Submerge bulb of deep-fry thermometer into oil; lean top of thermometer against skillet rim. Heat oil to 375°F. Mix 1 tablespoon salt and rosemary in small bowl. Using fingertips, blend well, rubbing salt and rosemary together. Working in batches, fry sunchoke slices until golden brown, stirring occasionally, 3 to 4 minut <END>
INPUT: American, salad, vinaigrette, raspberries, olive oil, raspberry vinegar wine, shallot, honey
OUTPUT: TITLE: Arugula, Watercress, and Goat Cheese Salad with Raspberry Vinaigrette | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup fresh raspberries, divided; 1/2 cup olive oil; 3 tablespoons raspberry vinegar or white wine vinegar; 1 shallot, chopped; 1 teaspoon honey; 1 5-ounce bag mixed baby greens with arugula; 2 cups small watercress sprigs; 1/2 cup pine nuts, toasted; 1 cup crumbled soft fresh goat cheese (about 4 ounces) | INSTRUCTIONS: Puree 1/2 cup raspberries, oil, vinegar, shallot, and honey in blender. Season dressing to taste with salt and pepper. Combine remaining 1/2 cup raspberries, greens, watercress, and pine nuts in large bowl. Toss with enough dressing to coat. Divide salad among plates. Sprinkle with goat cheese. Serve, passing remaining dressing separately. Puree 1/2 cup raspberries, oil, vinegar, shallot, and honey in blender. Season dressing to taste with salt and pepper. Combine remaining 1/2 cup raspberries, greens, watercress, and pine nuts in large bowl. Toss with enough dressing to coat. Divide salad amo <END>
INPUT: Mediterranean, preserved lemon, salted unsalted butter
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lemon-Pistachio Israeli Couscous | CUISINE: Mediterranean | INGREDIENTS: 1 preserved lemon; 1/2 cup (30g) chopped fresh flat-leaf parsley; 2 tablespoons salted or unsalted butter, at room temperature; 1/2 cup (80g) diced dried fruit (any combination of cherries, cranberries, apricots, prunes, or raisins); 1/2 cup (65g) unsalted (shelled) pistachios, very coarsely chopped (almost whole); 3/4 teaspoon sea salt or kosher salt; 1/4 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1 1/4 cups (225g) Israeli couscous or another small round pasta; Freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. Trim the stem end from the lemon and cut it into quarters. Scoop out the pulp and press it through a strainer into a medium-sized bowl to extract the juices; discard the pulp. Finely dice the preserved lemon rind and add it to the bowl along with the parsley, butter, dried fruit, pistachios, salt, and cinnamon. 2. Bring a pot of salted water to a boil over high heat. Add the couscous and cook according to the package instructions. Drain and add it to the bowl of fruits and nuts, stirring until the butter is melted and all the ingredients are well mixed. Season with black pepper and serve. 1 <END>
INPUT: stock, celery, carrot, onion, chicken broth, water
OUTPUT: TITLE: Turkey Giblet Stock | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 celery rib; 1 carrot; 1 onion; 5 cups chicken broth; 6 cups water; neck and giblets (excluding liver) from a 12-to-14 pound turkey; 1 bay leaf; 8 sprigs mixed fresh herbs such as thyme, sage, rosemary, and/or marjoram; 1 teaspoon black peppercorns | INSTRUCTIONS: Coarsely chop celery and carrot and quarter onion. In a large, deep saucepan bring broth and water to a boil with celery, carrot, onion, neck, and giblets, skimming froth. Add remaining ingredients and cook, uncovered, at a bare simmer 2 hours, or until liquid is reduced to about 6 cups. Pour stock through a fine sieve into a bowl. Stock may be made 2 days ahead and cooled completely, uncovered, before being chilled or frozen in an airtight container. Coarsely chop celery and carrot and quarter onion. In a large, deep saucepan bring broth and water to a boil with celery, carrot, onion, neck, a <END>
INPUT: Italian, saute, virgin olive oil, onion, thyme leaves, garlic, chicken stock
OUTPUT: TITLE: Bowtie Pasta with Mozzarella Saute | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 5 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 2 tablespoons onion, small diced; 1 teaspoon fresh thyme leaves; 1 teaspoon garlic, chopped; 1 1/2 cups chicken stock; 1/2 pound bowtie pasta, cooked; 2 cups cherry tomato, halved; 1 cup fresh mozzarella, small cubes; 1 bunch fresh spinach, roughly chopped; Kosher salt; Freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat a skillet over high flame. Put 3 tablespoons of olive oil, onions, garlic, thyme, and saute for 1 minute. Then add the chicken stock, and allow the sauce to reduce by 1/2. Now add the pasta, tomatoes, mozzarella, spinach, and toss to combine. Season the pasta with salt and pepper, to taste. Drizzle with the remaining 2 tablespoons olive oil. <END>
INPUT: Asian, beef, salad, lemongrass, garlic, Asian fish sauce, soy sauce, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Lemongrass Beef and Noodle Salad | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 2 stalks fresh lemongrass, outer leaves discarded and root end trimmed; 6 garlic cloves, minced; 2 tablespoons Asian fish sauce (preferably nuoc mam); 1 tablespoon soy sauce; 4 teaspoons sugar; 2 tablespoons vegetable oil; 1/2 teaspoon Asian sesame oil; a 1- to-1 1/4 pound skirt steak or flank steak; 1/2 pound dried rice-stick noodles (rice vermicelli); 1/2 cup fresh basil leaves (preferably Thai basil), washed well and spun dry; 1/2 cup fresh mint leaves, washed well and spun dry; 1/2 cup fresh coriander leaves, washed well and spun dry; about 1 cup Nuoc Cham (Vietnamese lime sauce); a 1-pound seedless (European) cucumber, halved lengthwise and cut diagonally into 1/4-inch-thick slices; about 2 tablespoons Toasted Rice Powder | INSTRUCTIONS: Make marinade: Thinly slice lower 6 inches of lemongrass stalks, discarding remainder of stalks. In a food processor or blender finely grind together sliced lemongrass and garlic. Add remaining marinade ingredients and blend well. Thinly slice lower 6 inches of lemongrass stalks, discarding remainder of stalks. In a food processor or blender finely grind together sliced lemongrass and garlic. Add remaining marinade ingredients and blend well. In a large resealable plastic bag combine marinade and steak and seal bag, pressing out excess air. Marinate steak, chilled, turning bag once or twice, a <END>
INPUT: jambalaya, smoked turkey drumsticks, vegetable oil, onion, bell pepper, celery
OUTPUT: TITLE: Turkey Jambalaya | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 3/4 lb smoked turkey drumsticks; 2 tablespoons vegetable oil; 1 medium onion, chopped; 1 small green bell pepper, chopped; 1 large celery rib, chopped; 1 large garlic clove, finely chopped; 1 (14- to 16-oz) can diced tomatoes in juice, drained; 1 3/4 cups reduced-sodium chicken broth (14 fl oz); 1 1/4 cups water; 1/2 teaspoon salt; 1/2 teaspoon cayenne; 2 cups long-grain white rice; 1/2 cup chopped scallion greens | INSTRUCTIONS: Cut turkey meat off bone with a paring knife, then cut (or pull off) and discard tendons and skin from meat. Cut turkey into 1-inch pieces. Heat oil in a 6- to 7-quart wide heavy pot over moderately high heat until hot but not smoking, then cook onion, bell pepper, and celery, stirring frequently, until onion begins to brown, about 5 minutes. Add garlic and cook, stirring, 30 seconds. Add meat, tomatoes, broth, water, salt, and cayenne and bring to a boil, covered, over high heat. Stir in rice and bring to a full rolling boil. Cover pot, then cook over low heat until rice is tender and liquid  <END>
INPUT: mousse, bananas, bittersweet, whipping cream, water, dark corn syrup, dark rum
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chocolate Mascarpone Mousse with Bananas | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 12 ounces bittersweet (not unsweetened) or semi-sweet chocolate, finely chopped; 2 1/3 cups chilled whipping cream; 1/3 cup water; 1/4 cup dark corn syrup; 5 tablespoons dark rum; 1 8-ounce container mascarpone cheese (about 1 cup) | INSTRUCTIONS: Stir chocolate, 1/3 cup cream, 1/3 cup water and corn syrup in heavy medium sauce-pan over medium-low heat until chocolate melts and mixture is smooth. Let cool until just lukewarm, stirring occasionally, about 20 minutes. Whisk in rum, then mascarpone. Beat 1 cup cream in medium bowl until stiff peaks form. Fold cream into chocolate mixture in 2 additions. Peel and thinly slice 2 bananas on diagonal. Arrange 3 slices in each of eight 8- to 10-ounce goblets or coupes. Spoon mousse atop bananas, dividing equally. Cover and refrigerate at least 4 hours. (Can be made 1 day ahead; keep chilled.) B <END>
INPUT: American, burger, plum tomatoes, onion, peppers, crumbled feta cheese, wine vinegar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Portobello Burger | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 7 plum tomatoes, seeded and diced; 1/2 cup diced red onion; 2 red peppers, grilled, seeds removed; 1 cup crumbled feta cheese; 1 tablespoon red wine vinegar; 1 tablespoon cracked black pepper, or to taste; 1 1/2 tablespoons freshly chopped oregano leaves; 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 2 tablespoons minced garlic; 1 tablespoon salt, or to taste; 1 tablespoon pepper, or to taste; 7 portobello mushroom caps, stems and gills removed; 7 sourdough rolls, split in 1/2; 2 cups spring mix greens | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the grill 350 degrees F. In a medium sized bowl, gently toss together the tomatoes, onion, peppers, feta, vinegar, cracked black pepper, to taste, and oregano. Set aside. In a small bowl mix together the olive oil, garlic, and salt and pepper, to taste. Brush the portobello caps with the oil on and put them on the grill. Grill until tender, about 3 minutes on each side Scoop a heaping tablespoon of the tomato mixture onto the bottom halves of the rolls, top each with some spring mix greens and a portobello cap. Cover with the top halves of the rolls and s <END>
INPUT: American, frites, Vegetable oil frying, russet potatoes, Fine salt, virgin olive oil, NY strip steaks
OUTPUT: TITLE: Steak Frites | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: Vegetable oil for frying; 3 medium russet potatoes, scrubbed and dried; Fine salt; 1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil, 1 turn of the pan; 4 NY strip steaks, 3/4 inch thick, 10 to 12 ounces each; Salt and pepper; 3 tablespoons butter, divided; 1 large shallot, finely chopped; 2 tablespoons all-purpose flour; 1 cup dry red wine | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat 1 1/2 to 2 inches oil in a deep frying pan over medium heat to 325 F degrees. Cut potatoes into thin slices lengthwise. Cut each slice into thin shoestring strips. Place cut potatoes on paper towels. Place 2 generous handfuls of potatoes at a time into hot oil, in 2 batches. Par cook the potatoes 2 minutes and transfer to a towel lined plate. Raise heat to medium high up to 375 degrees F. Allow oil to rise to a higher temperature, 3 to 5 minutes. Return potatoes to oil in 2 batches to crisp them, cooking them to a deep, golden brown color, another 2 to 3 minutes per batch. Remove potatoes <END>
INPUT: portuguese, unbleached bread flour, granulated sugar, yeast, water
OUTPUT: TITLE: Portuguese Sweet Bread | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup unbleached bread flour; 1 tablespoon granulated sugar; 2 1/4 teaspoons instant yeast; 1/2 water, at room temperature; 6 tablespoons granulated sugar; 1 teaspoon salt; 1/4 cup powdered milk; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature; 2 tablespoons vegetable shortening; 2 large eggs; 1 teaspoon lemon extract; 1 teaspoon orange extract; 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; 3 cups unbleached bread flour; About 6 tablespoons water, at room temperature | INSTRUCTIONS: To make the sponge, stir together the flour, sugar, and yeast in a small bowl. Add the water and stir until all the ingredients are hydrated and make a smooth batter. Cover the bowl with plastic wrap and ferment at room temperature for 60 to 90 minutes, or until the sponge gets foamy and seems on the verge of collapse. To make the dough, combine the sugar, salt, powdered milk, butter, and shortening in a 4-quart mixing bowl (or the bowl of an electric mixer). Cream together with a sturdy spoon (or the paddle attachment) until smooth, then mix in the eggs and the extracts. Knead by hand (or swi <END>
INPUT: envelope unflavored gelatin, sweet liqueur, fat free milk, sugar, eggs
OUTPUT: TITLE: Easy Chocolate Mousse | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 envelope unflavored gelatin; 1/4 cup sweet liqueur, such as Chambord or Triple Sec; 1 cup fat-free milk; 3/4 cup sugar, divided; 2 large eggs; 4 ounces bittersweet (not unsweetened) chocolate, cut into 1/4-inch pieces; 4 large egg whites; Large pinch of salt; 6 stemmed glasses or ramekins for serving the mousse | INSTRUCTIONS: 1 Sprinkle the gelatin on the liqueur in a small bowl and set aside. 2 Combine the milk and 1/4 cup of the sugar in a small saucepan and whisk to mix. Place over medium heat and bring to a simmer. 3 Meanwhile, whisk the eggs in a small bowl. When the milk boils, whisk about a third of the milk into the eggs. Return the remaining milk to a boil over low heat then whisk in the egg mixture. Continue whisking until the mixture thickens slightly. Don't let it boil or the eggs will scramble. Remove from the heat and quickly whisk in the gelatin mixture. 4 Whisk in the chocolate and continue whisking <END>
INPUT: Asian, fish, hake pollack fillets, onions, ginger, Shaoxing wine, peanut oil vegetable
OUTPUT: TITLE: Soy-Marinated Fish | CUISINE: Asian | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/2 pounds 3/4-inch-thick hake or pollack fillets, cut into 2x3- or 2x4-inch pieces; 1/2 cup chopped green onions; 3 tablespoons minced peeled fresh ginger; 3 tablespoons Shaoxing wine (Chinese rice wine) or dry Sherry, divided; 2 tablespoons peanut oil or vegetable oil, divided; 1 tablespoon soy sauce; 3 tablespoons sugar; 2 tablespoons soy sauce; 2 tablespoons Asian sesame oil; 2 tablespoons Shaoxing wine (Chinese rice wine) or dry Sherry; 1 tablespoon dark soy sauce; 1 whole star anise; 1/4 cup chopped green onions | INSTRUCTIONS: For fish: Rinse fish and pat dry. Mix green onions, ginger, 1 tablespoon rice wine, 1 tablespoon oil, and soy sauce in 11x7x2-inch glass baking dish. Add fish and turn to coat. Let marinate 1 hour at room temperature. Rinse fish and pat dry. Mix green onions, ginger, 1 tablespoon rice wine, 1 tablespoon oil, and soy sauce in 11x7x2-inch glass baking dish. Add fish and turn to coat. Let marinate 1 hour at room temperature. For sauce: Bring first 6 ingredients to boil in heavy small saucepan, stirring to dissolve sugar. Reduce heat to medium and simmer until sauce is slightly thickened and reduc <END>
INPUT: Mexican, cream cheese, soft goat cheese, aged Cheddar cheese, corn, onions
OUTPUT: TITLE: Grilled Stuffed Jalapeno Chiles with Grilled Red Pepper-Tomato Sauce | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 8 ounces cream cheese, at room temperature; 4 ounces soft goat cheese; 4 ounces shredded aged white Cheddar cheese; 2 ears corn, grilled in husk and kernels removed; 2 green onions, thinly sliced; Salt; Freshly ground black pepper; 12 jalapeno chiles, halved, stemmed and seeded; 1 heaping tablespoon ancho chili powder; Grilled Red Pepper-Tomato Sauce, recipe follows; 2 red peppers, grilled, peeled and chopped; 2 plum tomatoes, grilled until charred on all sides, and coarsely chopped; 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar; 1 tablespoon honey; 1/4 cup chopped fresh cilantro leaves | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat grill to medium. Whisk together the cream cheese and goat cheese in a medium bowl until smooth. Fold in the Cheddar, corn and green onions and season with salt and pepper. Fill each jalapeno half with about 2 tablespoons of the mixture and sprinkle the top with some of the ancho powder. Place on the grill, filling-side up and cook until slightly charred and tender, about 7 to 8 minutes. Spoon the red pepper sauce onto a platter and top with the jalapenos. Combine the pepper, tomatoes, vinegar, honey and cilantro in a food processor and process until smooth. With the motor running, slowly  <END>
INPUT: unsalted butter, shallots, long grain rice, low sodium chicken, virgin olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spinach and Rice with Lemon | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 1/4 cup finely chopped shallots (2 to 3); 1 cup long-grain white rice; 1 2/3 cups low-sodium chicken broth (13 fl oz); 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1 tablespoon chopped garlic (2 cloves); 3 (10-oz) bags spinach, tough stems discarded; 1 teaspoon salt; 1/4 teaspoon black pepper; 2 to 3 teaspoons fresh lemon juice | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat butter in a 1- to 2-quart heavy saucepan over moderately low heat until foam subsides, then cook shallots, stirring occasionally, until beginning to turn golden, about 2 minutes. Add rice and cook, stirring constantly, until grains turn opaque, about 2 minutes. Reduce heat to low, then stir in broth and cook, covered, until liquid is absorbed and rice is just tender, about 15 minutes. Remove from heat and let stand, covered, until ready to use. While rice is cooking, heat oil in a 6- to 8-quart heavy pot over moderate heat until hot but not smoking, then cook garlic, stirring constantly,  <END>
INPUT: tomatoes, thyme, garlic, olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Roasted Tomatoes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 6 large red and/or yellow tomatoes, each cut crosswise in half; 4 fresh thyme sprigs; 1 1/2 tablespoons minced garlic; 1/4 cup olive oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350°F. Oil 13 x 9 x 2-inch glass baking dish. Arrange tomatoes, cut side up, in dish. Place thyme in dish. Sprinkle with garlic and salt and pepper. Drizzle with oil. Bake until tomatoes are slightly brown around edges, about 45 minutes. Cool. (Can be made 2 hours ahead. Let stand at room temperature.) Preheat oven to 350°F. Oil 13 x 9 x 2-inch glass baking dish. Arrange tomatoes, cut side up, in dish. Place thyme in dish. Sprinkle with garlic and salt and pepper. Drizzle with oil. Bake until tomatoes are slightly brown around edges, about 45 minutes. Cool. (Can be made 2 hours <END>
INPUT: American, casserole, sweet potatoes, honey, egg, cinnamon
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sweet Potato-Pecan Casserole | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: Cooking spray; 3 1/2 pounds sweet potatoes (about 5 medium), peeled and cut into 1-inch chunks; 1/3 cup honey; 1 large egg; 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1/4 teaspoon ground nutmeg; 1/8 teaspoon ground ginger; Kosher salt; 1 tablespoon packed dark brown sugar; 1/3 cup finely chopped pecans | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Mist an 8-inch square baking dish with cooking spray. Bring a few inches of water to a boil in a pot with a large steamer basket in place. Put the sweet potatoes in the basket, cover and steam until tender, 20 to 25 minutes. Transfer the potatoes to a bowl and let cool slightly. Add the honey, egg, 1/2 teaspoon cinnamon, the nutmeg, ginger and 1/2 teaspoon salt; whip with an electric mixer until smooth. Spread the sweet potato mixture in the prepared baking dish. Mix the brown sugar, pecans and the remaining 1/2 teaspoon cinnamon in a bowl; sprinkle over the  <END>
INPUT: Italian, shortbread, powdered sugar, pepper, kosher salt, all purpose flour
OUTPUT: TITLE: Parmesan Shortbread with Fennel and Sea Salt | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup (2 sticks) unsalted butter, room temperature; 1/2 cup powdered sugar; 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 3/4 teaspoon kosher salt; 2 cups all-purpose flour plus more; 1 cup finely grated Parmesan (about 2 ounces); 1 tablespoon fennel seeds; 1 teaspoon Maldon sea salt or other coarse salt; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Using an electric mixer, beat butter in a medium bowl on low speed until smooth, 1-2 minutes. Add powdered sugar, pepper, and kosher salt. Reduce speed to medium and beat, occasionally scraping down sides of bowl, until light and fluffy, 4-5 minutes. Add flour and cheese. Reduce mixer speed to low and beat mixture just until dough comes together. Wrap dough in plastic and flatten into a rectangle. Chill until firm, at least 2 hours. DO AHEAD: Dough can be made 5 days ahead. Keep chilled. Let stand at room temperature for 30 minutes before continuing. Place fennel seeds in a resealable plastic  <END>
INPUT: stew, virgin olive oil, pancetta, crimini mushrooms, onions, carrots
OUTPUT: TITLE: Mushroom and Burgundy Stew | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil; 4 ounces pancetta, chopped or 4 slices bacon, chopped, optional; 2 pounds crimini mushrooms, halved; 2 medium onions, chopped; 2 carrots, chopped; 2 ribs celery, chopped; 4 large cloves garlic, sliced; 2 bay leaves; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; A sprig fresh marjoram, finely chopped or 1 teaspoon dried; A few sprigs fresh thyme, leaves picked and finely chopped; 3 tablespoons flour; 2 tablespoons tomato paste; 2 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce; 2 1/2 cups, half a bottle, dry red burgundy wine | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Heat the extra-virgin olive oil in a large Dutch oven over medium-high heat, add the pancetta or bacon, if using, until crispy. Add the mushrooms and cook until brown and tender, about 15 minutes or so. Add the onions, carrots, celery, garlic, bay leaves, salt, pepper, marjoram, and thyme. Cook, covered, 10 minutes more, stirring occasionally, to soften the vegetables. Stir in the flour for 1 minute, then add the tomato paste and Worcestershire sauce. Add the wine and reduce by half, a couple of minutes, then add the stock and simmer to thicken a bit. Cool comple <END>
INPUT: sauce, pork tenderloins, olive oil, shallots, whipping cream
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pork Tenderloin with Calvados Sauce and Dried Fruit Compote | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 3/4- to 1-pound pork tenderloins; 2 tablespoons (1/4 stick) butter; 1 tablespoon olive oil; 3 shallots, chopped; 1 cup whipping cream; 1/2 cup canned low-salt chicken broth; 2 tablespoons Calvados (apple brandy) or brandy; Dried Fruit Compote | INSTRUCTIONS: Cut pork crosswise into 1-inch-thick medallions; sprinkle with salt and pepper. Melt butter and oil in heavy large skillet over medium-high heat. Working in batches, add pork and sauté until brown and cooked through, about 5 minutes per side. Transfer pork to plate; tent with foil to keep warm. Add shallots to skillet and stir 1 minute. Add cream, broth and Calvados; boil until sauce thickens enough to coat spoon, stirring up browned bits, about 5 minutes. Season sauce with salt and pepper. Divide medallions among 6 plates. Top with sauce; serve with compote. Cut pork crosswise into 1-inch-thi <END>
INPUT: American, low fat buttermilk, eggs, disk refrigerated homemade, unsalted butter, granulated sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Buttermilk Pie | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/4 cups low-fat buttermilk; 2 large eggs, separated; 1 disk refrigerated or homemade pie dough; 1 stick unsalted butter, melted; 1 1/4 cups granulated sugar; 3 tablespoons all-purpose flour; 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice; 1/4 teaspoon finely grated lemon zest; 1/4 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg; 1/4 teaspoon salt; Confectioners' sugar, for dusting | INSTRUCTIONS: Let the buttermilk and eggs come to room temperature 1 hour before making the filling. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Ease the dough into a 9-inch deep-dish pie plate and crimp as desired. Pierce all over with a fork. Line the dough with foil, then fill with pie weights or dried beans. Bake until the edges are golden, about 20 minutes. Remove the parchment and weights and continue baking until lightly golden all over, about 10 more minutes. Let cool completely on a rack. Make the filling: Beat the butter and sugar in a stand mixer fitted with the whisk attachment (or use a hand mixer) on m <END>
INPUT: French, gelees, water, wine, carrots, celery
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lobster Gelees with Fresh Tarragon Oil | CUISINE: French | INGREDIENTS: 8 quarts water; 4 (1 1/4-lb) live lobsters; 1 cup dry white wine; 3 carrots, chopped; 2 celery ribs, chopped; 1 fennel bulb (sometimes labeled "anise") with fronds, stalks, and bulb chopped and fronds reserved for fresh tarragon oil; 1 medium onion, finely chopped; 3 large garlic cloves, minced; 3 (6-inch) plus 8 (1-inch) sprigs fresh tarragon; 1 teaspoon salt; 1/4 teaspoon fennel seeds, slightly crushed; 1/4 teaspoon dried hot red-pepper flakes; 2 1/2 teaspoons unflavored gelatin (from two 1/4-oz envelopes); 1 1/2 teaspoons tarragon white-wine vinegar; 1/3 cup fresh tarragon oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Cook lobsters and make stock: Bring 6 quarts water to a boil in pot, then plunge 2 lobsters headfirst into water and cook, covered, 8 minutes from time they enter water. Transfer with tongs to a shallow baking pan to cool. Return water to a boil and cook remaining 2 lobsters in same manner. When lobsters are cool enough to handle, remove meat from tail and claws and set aside. Cut tail shells and lobster bodies (not including claws) into 1-inch pieces with kitchen shears, then rinse well, discarding gills, eye sacs, tomalley, any roe, and claw shells. Transfer to a 6- to 8-quart heavy pot, the <END>
INPUT: biscuits, all purpose flour, polenta style cornmeal, baking powder, baking soda, sugar
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cornmeal Buttermilk Biscuits | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 1/3 cups all-purpose flour, plus as needed; 2/3 cup polenta-style yellow cornmeal; 2 1/2 teaspoons baking powder; 1/4 teaspoon baking soda; 1 heaping teaspoon sugar; 1 teaspoon fine salt; 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, diced; 3/4 cup buttermilk | INSTRUCTIONS: Set a rack in the center of the oven and preheat oven to 450 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with two layers of parchment paper. In a large bowl, whisk together the flour, cornmeal, baking powder, baking soda, sugar, and salt. Rub 2 tablespoons of the butter into the flour mixture with your fingertips, until it is completely incorporated. Work the remaining butter into the flour until it's in even, pea-sizes pieces. Gently stir in the buttermilk to make a loose dough. Turn the dough out onto a lightly floured work surface. Pat the dough into a 1/2-inch-thick rectangle. Fold the dough in thirds  <END>
INPUT: anchovy fillets oil, garlic, parsley, horseradish, olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Horseradish and Parsley Stuffed Rib-Eye Roast | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 8 anchovy fillets packed in oil, drained, finely chopped; 4 garlic cloves, finely grated; 1 cup finely chopped fresh parsley; 1/3 cup grated horseradish; 1/3 cup olive oil; 2 teaspoons crushed red pepper flakes; 1/2 teaspoons freshly grated nutmeg; Kosher salt, freshly ground pepper; 1 4-5 pound boneless beef rib-eye roast; The rib-eye roast comes from the same area as the standing rib roast, but it's a more manageable size (and cooks more evenly). It has all the fat—a.k. | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine anchovies, garlic, parsley, horseradish, oil, red pepper flakes, and nutmeg in a small bowl; season with salt and pepper. Set 2 tablespoons of mixture aside. Place rib-eye roast, fat side down, on a cutting board with a short end toward you. Holding a sharp slicing knife about 1" above cutting board, make a shallow cut along the entire length of a long side of roast. Continue cutting deeper into the roast, lifting and unfurling meat with your free hand, until it can lie flat. Season both sides with salt and pepper. Spread parsley mixture over roast and roll up so fat cap is on top; tie <END>
INPUT: celebratory, cupcakes, all purpose flour, sugar, unsweetened cocoa powder, baking powder, baking soda
OUTPUT: TITLE: Celebratory Chocolate Beer Cupcakes | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups all-purpose flour; 2 cups sugar; 1 cup unsweetened cocoa powder; 1 1/2 teaspoons baking powder; 1 1/2 teaspoons baking soda; 1 teaspoon salt; 1 cup milk; 1/2 cup butter, melted; 1 teaspoons vanilla extract; 2 eggs; 1/2 cup heavy whipping cream; 2 cups semisweet chocolate chips; 2 tablespoons cold butter, cubed; 2 tablespoons beer; 1/4 teaspoon salt | INSTRUCTIONS: For the chocolate cupcakes: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line the cupcake pans with 24 liners. Bring a small pot of water to a boil. In a large mixing bowl of a stand mixer, whisk together the flour, sugar, cocoa powder, baking powder, baking soda and salt. Add the milk, butter, vanilla extract and eggs and mix for 2 minutes on medium speed. Whisk in 1 cup boiling water last. Batter will be very thin. Pour evenly into the prepared cupcake pans until about two-thirds full. Bake until a toothpick inserted into the middle of the cupcake comes out clean, 18 to 21 minutes. Cool completely on  <END>
INPUT: Italian, salad, crisp, Parmesan, Caesar dressing, roasted garlic, mayonnaise
OUTPUT: TITLE: Caesar Salad with Creamy Roasted Garlic Dressing and Parmesan Crisp | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 4 tablespoons shredded Parmesan, plus 1/4 cup; 3/4 cup Caesar dressing; 4 cloves roasted garlic; 1/4 cup mayonnaise; 1 (10-ounce) bag chopped romaine hearts; 1 cup seasoned croutons | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: 3-inch ring mold or clean tuna can with top and bottom removed Preheat broiler. To make Parmesan crisp: place 3-inch ring mold on baking sheet. Sprinkle 1 tablespoon of shredded parmesan into mold. Repeat 3 more times so there are 4 separate parmesan disks. Lay out crisps on a foil covered pan. Place under broiler for 3 to 4 minutes watching carefully until Parmesan turns golden brown. Remove from broiler and let cool. In a blender combine Caesar dressing, roasted garlic cloves and mayonnaise. Blend on medium speed until creamy. In a large bowl, add romaine, 1/4 cup Parmesan <END>
INPUT: vegetables, unsalted butter, honey, Kosher salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Glazed Vegetables | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 pound vegetables (such as quartered, peeled small beets; halved, peeled medium carrots or parsnips; or 2 small fennel bulbs, cut into 8 wedges); 2 tablespoons unsalted butter; 2 teaspoons honey; Kosher salt | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine vegetables, butter, honey, a generous pinch of salt, and 1 cup water in a large sauté pan or saucepan over medium-high. Cover, bring to a simmer, and cook, adding water by the tablespoonful if pan is dry before vegetables are done, until vegetables are nearly crisp-tender (they should still be firm in the center), 12–15 minutes. Remove lid and cook until liquid evaporates completely, about 5 minutes, then continue to cook, tossing vegetables occasionally, until browned in the remaining butter and honey, about 5 minutes. Add 1 Tbsp. water and toss vegetables to deglaze pan and coat; sea <END>
INPUT: cucumber, dill dill garnish, garlic, virgin olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Cucumber Yogurt Dip | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 (8-ounce) containers plain yogurt, drained in a fine sieve set over a bowl, covered and chilled, for 6 hours; 1 pound cucumber, peeled, seeded, and chopped fine; 2 teaspoons finely chopped fresh dill plus dill sprigs for garnish; 3 garlic cloves, minced; 1 tablespoon extra virgin olive oil; 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice; Pita loaves, cut into wedges, as an accompaniment | INSTRUCTIONS: In a bowl stir together the drained yogurt, the cucumbers, squeezed dry between paper towels, the chopped dill, the garlic, the oil, the lemon juice, and salt to taste. Let the dip stand, covered and chilled, for at least 2 hours and up to 8 hours to allow the flavors to develop. Stir the dip, garnish it with the dill sprigs, and serve it with the pita wedges.; <END>
INPUT: ginger ale, apple cider, cranberry juice, Ice, Orange
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spiced Apple | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 cups ginger ale; 1 cup apple cider; 1 cup cranberry juice; Ice; Orange slices, for garnish; 4 ounces spiced rum, optional | INSTRUCTIONS: Stir together the ginger ale, apple cider and cranberry juice in a large pitcher. Pour over ice filled glasses and garnish each with a slice of orange. Pour 1 ounce of rum in each drink if desired. <END>
INPUT: tart, almonds, all purpose flour, sugar, salt
OUTPUT: TITLE: Lemon Tart | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/3 cup almonds (about 2 ounces); 1 1/4 cups all purpose flour; 3 tablespoons sugar; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 6 tablespoons (3/4 stick) chilled unsalted butter, cut into 1/2-inch pieces; 2 tablespoons (or more) ice water; 2/3 cup fresh lemon juice; 1/2 cup sugar; 3 tablespoons crème fraîche or sour cream; 4 large eggs; Lemon slices (optional) | INSTRUCTIONS: Make crust: Finely grind almonds in processor. Add flour, sugar and salt and process until blended. Add butter and process until mixture resembles coarse meal. With machine running, add ice water, 1 tablespoonful at a time, and blend until moist clumps form, adding more water if dry. Gather dough into ball; flatten into disk. Wrap in plastic; chill at least 1 hour and up to 1 day. Preheat oven to 375°F. Roll out dough on floured surface to 12-inch round. Transfer to 9-inch-diameter tart pan with removable bottom. Fold dough overhang in, pressing to adhere and forming double-thick sides. Pierce <END>
INPUT: pudding, heavy cream, solid pack pumpkin, milk, sugar, eggs yolk
OUTPUT: TITLE: Pumpkin Bread Pudding | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup heavy cream; 3/4 cup canned solid-pack pumpkin; 1/2 cup whole milk; 1/2 cup sugar; 2 large eggs plus 1 yolk; 1/4 teaspoon salt; 1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1/4 teaspoon ground ginger; 1/8 teaspoon ground allspice; Pinch of ground cloves; 5 cups cubed (1-inch) day-old baguette or crusty bread; 3/4 stick unsalted butter, melted | INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 350°F with rack in middle. Whisk together cream, pumpkin, milk, sugar, eggs, yolk, salt, and spices in a bowl. Toss bread cubes with butter in another bowl, then add pumpkin mixture and toss to coat. Transfer to an ungreased 8-inch square baking dish and bake until custard is set, 25 to 30 minutes. Preheat oven to 350°F with rack in middle. Whisk together cream, pumpkin, milk, sugar, eggs, yolk, salt, and spices in a bowl. Toss bread cubes with butter in another bowl, then add pumpkin mixture and toss to coat. Transfer to an ungreased 8-inch square baking dish and bake until cu <END>
INPUT: American, pumpkin, pie dough round, All purpose flour, egg, Pecan Pie
OUTPUT: TITLE: Apple-Pumpkin-Pecan Pie | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: Nonstick cooking spray; 1 prepared pie dough round; All-purpose flour for dusting; 1 large egg white; Pecan Pie Filling:; 1 1/3 cup pecan halves; 1/2 cup light corn syrup; 1/3 cup packed light brown sugar; 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted; 1 large egg; Fine salt; 3 Granny Smith apples; 2 tablespoons granulated sugar; 1 tablespoon lemon juice; 2 tablespoons unsalted butter1 teaspoon all-purpose flour | INSTRUCTIONS: Special equipment: A 9 1/2-inch deep-dish pie pan; pie weights, uncooked rice or dried beans For the crust: Position the oven rack in the middle of the oven and preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Coat the bottom and sides of a 9 1/2-inch deep-dish pie pan with nonstick cooking spray. Roll the pie dough out, if needed, into a 10-inch round on a lightly-floured surface (or between two pieces of floured parchment paper). If the dough gets too warm, refrigerate it to firm up. Ease the dough into the prepared pie pan. Fold the overhanging dough under itself and crimp the edges as desired. Chill for <END>
INPUT: shortbread, cookies, salted butter, sugar, all purpose flour, scant cornstarch, chocolate
OUTPUT: TITLE: White Chocolate Shortbread Cookies | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 sticks plus 2 tablespoons salted butter, softened, plus 1 tablespoon more if needed; 1 cup sugar; 2 cups all-purpose flour, plus more for flouring; 1 scant cup cornstarch; 12 ounces white chocolate (not almond bark), chopped; Rainbow sprinkles, to decorate | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Special equipment: a pastry cutter and a 3- or 4-inch round or fluted cookie cutter Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Line baking sheets with parchment paper or baking mats. Cream the butter and sugar together. Sift in the flour and cornstarch and blend using a pastry cutter until the ingredients all come together. (If the mixture seems excessively dry, cut in 1 more tablespoon of butter--but only if you really need it.) Form the dough into a big ball, wrap in plastic wrap and refrigerate 20 minutes. Roll onto a lightly floured surface and cut into rounds with a <END>
INPUT: American, shallots, scallion, aged Spanish sherry, lowfat soft goat
OUTPUT: TITLE: Piquillo Peppers Stuffed with Goat Cheese | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons finely diced shallots; 1 scallion (white part only), thinly sliced; 1 1/2 teaspoons aged Spanish sherry vinegar; 1 can (13.75 ounces; 16 peppers) piquillo peppers, drained; 3 ounces lowfat soft goat cheese; Olive oil cooking spray; 1 teaspoon chopped fresh parsley; 1/2 teaspoon chopped fresh thyme | INSTRUCTIONS: Whisk shallots, scallion and vinegar in a bowl. Season with salt and pepper. Slice open the top of each pepper to create a pocket. Spoon cheese into peppers, dividing it equally among them. Heat a large frying pan over medium heat; coat with cooking spray. Cook peppers, flipping once, until cheese begins to melt, about 30 seconds each side. Transfer to a platter. Sprinkle with parsley and thyme. Drizzle dressing over peppers and serve. Whisk shallots, scallion and vinegar in a bowl. Season with salt and pepper. Slice open the top of each pepper to create a pocket. Spoon cheese into peppers, di <END>
INPUT: great, balsamic vinegar, lemon, Kosher salt, asparagus, olive oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Great Grilled Asparagus | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup balsamic vinegar; 1 lemon, zested and juiced; Kosher salt; 2 pounds asparagus; 2 tablespoons olive oil; Freshly ground black pepper | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. In a small pan, over medium heat, add the vinegar, zest and juice of the lemon and a pinch of salt. Bring to a simmer and let the mixture reduce until it becomes syrupy, about 10 minutes. Meanwhile, warm a grill pan over medium-high heat. Wash and trim the ends of the asparagus. Toss the asparagus lightly with olive oil, and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Grill asparagus 5 minutes, then flip and grill until slightly blackened on both sides, about 4 minutes more. Transfer the asparagus to a serving platter, drizzle with balsamic syrup and serve. <END>
INPUT: meuniere, brown, milk, Salt pepper, olive oil, flour
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sole Meuniere with Balsamic Brown Butter Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 4 (6-ounce) sole fillets, skin removed; 2 cups milk; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1 cup flour; Salt, pepper; 4 tablespoons finely chopped parsley; 6 tablespoons butter; 1 to 2 tablespoons balsamic vinegar, or to taste; Lemon slices, for garnish | INSTRUCTIONS: Soak fillets in milk for 20 minutes. Remove from milk and pat dry. Season fillets with salt and pepper. Heat 1 tablespoon oil over moderate heat in each of 2 large saute pans until hot. Put flour into a shallow dish and season with salt and pepper. Dredge fillets in flour, shaking off any excess flour. Dip the fillets back into the milk and then again into the flour. Place fillets in saute pans and cook over medium heat for 2 to 3 minutes per side, until golden brown and crispy. Transfer fillets from pans to a platter, sprinkle with parsley. Wipe the skillet clean and add the butter. Heat unti <END>
INPUT: Mexican, crab, smoky, avocados, Greek yogurt, cilantro leaves, chipotle adobo puree, Juice lime
OUTPUT: TITLE: Corn Cakes with Crab and Smoky Avocado Yogurt | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 2 ripe avocados, diced; 1 cup Greek yogurt (2 percent); 1/2 cup fresh cilantro leaves; 2 teaspoons chipotle in adobo puree (see Cook's Note); Juice of 1/2 lime; Kosher salt and pepper; 1 cup whole milk; 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, diced, plus more for cooking the corn cakes; 1 tablespoon clover honey; 1 1/2 cups corn flour; 1 1/2 teaspoons baking powder; 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt; 1/8 teaspoon cayenne powder; 2 large eggs, separated; 2 cups fresh or frozen corn kernels | INSTRUCTIONS: For the avocado yogurt: Put the avocados, yogurt, cilantro, chipotle puree, lime juice and some salt and pepper in a blender. Blend until smooth. Cover and refrigerate for at least 30 minutes and up to 4 hours to let the flavors meld. For the corn cakes: Combine the milk, butter and honey in a small saucepan. Bring to a simmer over low heat and cook until butter has melted. Remove from the heat and let cool for 5 minutes. Meanwhile, whisk together the corn flour, baking powder, salt and cayenne in a large bowl. Whisk the egg yolks in a bowl until smooth. Add the cooled milk mixture and mix unt <END>
INPUT: seasoned flour, eggs, Cheerios, chicken legs, canola oil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Chicken Legs | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup seasoned flour; 2 eggs; 3 cups Cheerios (processed to powder); 6 chicken legs; 1/4 cup canola oil | INSTRUCTIONS: Set out 3 shallow containers on counter and fill 1 with the flour, 1 with eggs and 1 with Cheerios. Dip each chicken leg to coat in first the flour, shaking off the excess, then the egg, and last the Cheerios. Heat canola oil in pan and place the coated chicken legs side by side in a pan turning to brown evenly. Cook 20 to 25 minutes until legs are cooked through. <END>
INPUT: Italian, scampi, virgin olive oil, butter, shallot, lemon, baby shrimp
OUTPUT: TITLE: Baby Shrimp Scampi and Angel Hair Pasta | CUISINE: Italian | INGREDIENTS: 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, 2 turns of the pan; 2 tablespoons butter, cut into small pieces; 1 large shallot, finely chopped; 1 lemon, zested; 1/3 pound baby shrimp, 300 count; 1/4 cup dry vermouth or white wine, eyeball it; 1/2 cup grape tomatoes; 1/3 pound angel hair pasta, cooked to al dente; Salt and pepper; 2 tablespoons chopped or snipped fresh chives | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. Get your pasta water going. Start the scampi sauce when you drop your pasta into boiling water to cook. Heat a large skillet over medium high heat. Add extra-virgin olive oil and melt the butter into it. Add shallots and cook a minute or 2, stirring constantly. Add lemon zest and shrimp and heat shrimp through, another minute or two. Add vermouth or wine and tomatoes. Toss another minute to heat the tomatoes through. Add cooked pasta to the pan and toss to coat evenly in sauce and to distribute the shrimp. Season liberally with salt and pepper and serve with chiv <END>
INPUT: American, scented, olive oil, shallots, balsamic vinegar, goat cheese, milk
OUTPUT: TITLE: Thyme-Scented Goat Cheese with Prosciutto and Shallots | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 2 teaspoons olive oil; 2 large shallots, finely chopped (about 3/4 cup); 1 tablespoon balsamic vinegar; 4 ounces goat cheese, softened; 1 tablespoon milk; 1 1/2 teaspoons chopped fresh thyme; 1/4 teaspoon kosher salt; 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper; 4 thin slices prosciutto, crosswise cut into 1 1/2-inch-wide strips (about 3 oz. total); 24 Keebler® Town House® Original crackers | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. In small skillet heat oil over medium-high heat. Add shallots. Cook for 3 to 4 minutes or until browned. Add vinegar. Cook, uncovered, about 30 seconds or until slightly reduced. Set aside. 2. In small bowl combine goat cheese, milk, thyme, salt and pepper. Stir until soft and creamy. 3. Place one folded piece of prosciutto on each KEEBLER TOWN HOUSE Original cracker. Spoon about 1 teaspoon of goat cheese mixture on each. Top each with some of the shallot mixture. <END>
INPUT: Mexican, curried, salad, olive oil, onion, curry powder, chicken breast halves, long grain rice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Curried Chicken and Rice Salad | CUISINE: Mexican | INGREDIENTS: 3/4 cup plus 2 tablespoons olive oil; 1 large onion, chopped; 2 teaspoons curry powder; 2 boneless skinless chicken breast halves, cut crosswise into 1/2-inch-wide strips; 4 cups cooked long-grain white rice (about 1 1/3 cups raw), cooled; 1 10-ounce package frozen petit peas, thawed; 1 7-ounce jar roasted red peppers, drained, chopped; 1/2 cup golden raisins or dried currants; 1/4 cup chopped fresh cilantro; 1/4 cup white wine vinegar; 2 teaspoons ground cumin | INSTRUCTIONS: Heat 2 tablespoons oil in heavy large skillet over medium heat. Add onion and curry powder and sauté 5 minutes. Add chicken and sauté until cooked through, about 4 minutes. Transfer to large bowl and cool. Mix in rice, peas, bell peppers, raisins and cilantro. Whisk remaining 3/4 cup oil, vinegar and cumin in small bowl to blend. Add enough dressing to salad to season to taste; toss well. (Can be prepared 1 day ahead. Cover and refrigerate. Bring to room temperature before serving.) Heat 2 tablespoons oil in heavy large skillet over medium heat. Add onion and curry powder and sauté 5 minutes.  <END>
INPUT: cheesecake, honey, milk, Zest from lemon, raspberries
OUTPUT: TITLE: Raspberry Cheesecake Jars | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 (8 ounce) package cream cheese, softened; 3 tablespoons honey (you could also use raspberry preserves or white sugar); 1/4 cup whole milk; Zest from 1 lemon; 2 cups fresh raspberries; 6 graham crackers, crushed (about 1 cup); 6 (8 ounce) mason jars | INSTRUCTIONS: 1. Using an electric mixer, combine the cream cheese, honey, milk and lemon zest until smooth. 2. Layer in each jar: 6–7 raspberries, 2 tablespoons of cheesecake filling, and 2 tablespoons of crushed graham crackers. Repeat to fill the jar, then repeat with the remaining five jars. 3. Serve immediately or store in the fridge for up to three days. 1. Using an electric mixer, combine the cream cheese, honey, milk and lemon zest until smooth. 2. Layer in each jar: 6–7 raspberries, 2 tablespoons of cheesecake filling, and 2 tablespoons of crushed graham crackers. Repeat to fill the jar, then repea <END>
INPUT: American, triple, cookies, butter, egg, chocolate flavored crisp
OUTPUT: TITLE: Triple Chocolate Brownie Cookies | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 1 (13.5 oz.) pkg. Pillsbury® Supreme Walnut Brownie; 1/2 cup butter, melted; 1 large egg; 1 cup chocolate-flavored crisp rice cereal; 1 cup (6 oz. pkg.) semi-sweet chocolate chips; 2/3 cup quick-cooking rolled oats | INSTRUCTIONS: HEAT oven to 350 degrees F. Combine brownie mix with nuts, butter and egg in large bowl; stir with spoon until well blended. Add cereal, chocolate chips and oats; mix well. Drop dough by rounded teaspoonfuls 2 inches apart onto ungreased cookie sheets. BAKE 9 to 12 minutes or until edges are set (centers will be soft). Cool 1 minute; remove from cookie sheets. Cool 10 minutes or until completely cooled. Store in tightly covered container. High Altitude (above 3500 ft.): ADD 2 tablespoons flour to dry brownie mix. Bake as directed above. <END>
INPUT: curried, salad, reduced fat Greek, mayonnaise, curry powder, hard boiled eggs, onion
OUTPUT: TITLE: Curried Egg Salad on Whole Wheat Bread | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/2 cup reduced-fat Greek yogurt; 1 tablespoon prepared mayonnaise; 1/4 teaspoon curry powder, or as needed; 4 hard-boiled eggs, peeled, halved, and finely chopped; 1 large green onion, finely chopped; Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper; 6 slices good-quality whole wheat bread*; 3 pieces red leaf lettuce | INSTRUCTIONS: Watch how to make this recipe. In a medium bowl, combine the Greek yogurt, mayonnaise, curry powder, to taste, and stir well to combine. Add the eggs and green onions and season with salt and pepper. Gently fold the eggs into the yogurt mixture and taste for seasoning. Lay 3 slices of bread on the work service. Divide the curried egg salad evenly among the bread slices, and top each slice with 1 piece red leaf lettuce. Top with the remaining slices of bread. Cut the sandwiches into quarters and serve immediately. <END>
INPUT: breakfast, hash, sweet potatoes, chicken, paprika, Salt pepper, egg
OUTPUT: TITLE: Sweet Potato Chicken Breakfast Hash | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1/4 cup diced sweet potatoes; 1/2 cup cooked chicken, roughly chopped; 1/4 teaspoon paprika; Salt and freshly ground black pepper; 1 egg; Suggested toppings: salsa, shredded cheese, diced avocado | INSTRUCTIONS: Add the sweet potatoes to a wide mug or small bowl with 1 tablespoon water and microwave until tender, 2 to 5 minutes. Stir in the chicken, paprika and salt and pepper to taste. Microwave until warmed, about 1 minute. Carefully crack the egg on top. Sprinkle a little water on top of the egg and microwave until the egg white is solid but the yolk is still runny, 30 seconds to 1 minute. Serve immediately with toppings of your choice. <END>
INPUT: American, burger, buffalo, kosher salt, pepper, bread crumbs, Rolls buns
OUTPUT: TITLE: Buffalo Burger | CUISINE: American | INGREDIENTS: 5 pounds ground buffalo; 1/2-ounce kosher salt; About 1/3-ounce ground black pepper; 9 ounces bread crumbs; Rolls or buns, for serving | INSTRUCTIONS: For the buffalo burger: Preheat grill to medium-high heat. In a large stainless steel bowl, combine the ground buffalo, salt, pepper and bread crumbs. Mix by gloved hand for approximately 20 seconds, until seasoning is evenly distributed. Pat into 6-ounce patties, and grill for approximately 5 minutes. Place burgers on buns with desired toppings and serve. This recipe was provided by professional chefs and has been scaled down from a bulk recipe provided by a restaurant. The FN chefs have not tested this recipe, in the proportions indicated, and therefore, we cannot make any representation as  <END>
INPUT: salad, water, Kamut berries, carrots, golden raisins, orange juice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Kamut Salad with Carrots and Pomegranate | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 1 cup water; 1/2 cup Kamut berries, soaked overnight and drained; 2 1/2 cups shredded carrots (about 3 medium); 1/4 cup plus 2 tablespoons golden raisins; 3 tablespoons freshly squeezed orange juice; 1 tablespoon freshly squeezed lemon juice; 1 teaspoon honey; 1/4 teaspoon ground cinnamon; 1/4 teaspoon fine sea salt; 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; 1/4 cup toasted, chopped walnuts; 1/4 cup pomegranate seeds, for garnish (optional) | INSTRUCTIONS: 1 To prepare the Kamut, bring the water and the Kamut berries to a boil in a small heavy-bottomed saucepan. Decrease the heat to maintain a simmer, cover, and cook until the Kamut berries are tender but still slightly chewy, 50 to 60 minutes. Remove from the heat and, if you have time, let it sit, covered, for 10 to 15 minutes. Drain any remaining liquid and transfer to a large serving bowl to cool. 2 Once the Kamut has cooled, make the salad. Add the carrots and golden raisins to the serving bowl. In a small bowl, whisk together the orange and lemon juices, honey, cinnamon, and salt until smo <END>
INPUT: rubbed, pork, ancho chile powder, chile de arbol, pasilla chile powder, guajillo powder, allspice
OUTPUT: TITLE: Spice-Rubbed Pork Tenderloin with Ancho Chile Mustard Sauce | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 3 tablespoons ancho chile powder; 1 teaspoon chile de arbol; 1 tablespoon pasilla chile powder; 1 tablespoon guajillo powder; 1 teaspoon allspice; 2 tablespoons brown sugar; 1/2 teaspoon cinnamon; Salt and freshly ground pepper; 4 cups chicken stock; 1 cup apple juice concentrate; 6 black pepper corns; 1 teaspoon chipotle puree; 2 tablespoons ancho chile puree; 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard; 2 tablespoons creme fraiche | INSTRUCTIONS: Combine all ingredients in a small bowl and season with salt and pepper. Combine chicken stock, apple juice, peppercorns, chipotle and ancho puree in a medium saucepan over high heat and reduce to a sauce consistency. Whisk in mustard and creme fraiche and cook for 1 minute. Season with salt and pepper to taste. Combine the butter, thyme, and salt and pepper, to taste, in a food processor until smooth. Place a sheet of parchment paper or waxed paper on a work surface. Arrange the butter along one long side and form into a roll about 1-inch in diameter, leaving a 1-inch border of paper. Roll up <END>
INPUT: salad, heirloom tomatoes, zebra tomatoes, purple Cherokee tomatoes, Sea salt, Basil
OUTPUT: TITLE: Tomato Salad | CUISINE:  | INGREDIENTS: 2 red and yellow heirloom tomatoes; 2 green zebra tomatoes; 2 purple Cherokee tomatoes; Sea salt; Basil, chiffonade; 1/4 cup aged balsamic vinegar | INSTRUCTIONS: Slice tomatoes horizontally into approximately 1/3-inch pieces. Over each tomato slice, sprinkle sea salt, basil and then drizzle aged balsamic vinegar. Then reassemble tomato slices, alternating varieties to create a colorful new "cross breed".; <END>
